
Trees by the truckload ... These members of the Plant Kingdom were found 
awaiting permanel)t instal/ation at the La Jol/a Vii/age Apartments . [IT 
photo: Bil/ Brooks I 

Schneider: "Someon,e has to 
. \ . 

Stand 'up to Coop Factions" 
Andy Schneider said Wednesday 

that he is planning to "take on" the 
Marxist Caucus, which played a 
decisive role Monday night in 
denying Schneider a new tenn as 
External Affairs coordinator of the 
Student Cooperative Union. 

Schneider-who served as 
External Affairs Coordinator over 
the summer-said in an interview ' 
" It's time someone took on the 
factions dividing the Coop." 

The vote for the External Affairs 
Support Group Coordinatorship 
Monday was ·15 for Ron Bee to 14 
for Schneider, WIth 15 a6slentfonS. 
Since no candidate received a 
majority of the voters present, a 
new vote will be held at next 
Monday's Coop meeting. 

AboUtionist Movement 

feel the council is . both 
tu;lrepresentative of the UC student 
body and overly establishment-
oriented. 

Schneider, while conceding 
SBPC should be more responsive to 
stUdents, said, "a move to abolish 
the council will destroy everything 
San Diego has worked to achieve. 
Our relationship with SBPC has 
provided increased information 
from UC and the Student Lobby 
and expanding participation with 
thestate Legislature." 

~hneider also pQinted to the 
council's recent decision to en-
dorse plaMing funding for Third 
College, Step 2, which was rejected 

. by the Legislature and Gov. J;lrown 
for this .year's budget. 

Continued on Page 8 

Univers.ity Scientists Hit DNA 
. . . 

Research at City Board Meeting 
by Joel C. Don 

Associate News Editor 
Strong opposition to the current 

escalation of recombinant DNA 
experimentation was voiced by two 
prominent scientists Wednesday at 
a meeting of the DNA Study 
Committee of the Quality of Life 
Board for the city of San Diego. 

The committee is currently 
investigating risks in gene trans--
:plantation experiments and the 
possible environmental impact on 
the San Diego community. In order 
to fully understand potential 
dangers, the committee solicited 
the advice of qualified opponents to 
the research. Due to the virtual 
lack 'Of opposition within the UCSD 
community, scientists from the 
Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology (MI'l') and San Diego 
State University (SDSU) were 
asked to present their opinions and 
evaluations of the safety and 
potential hazards in genetics 
engineering technology. 

In an address to the DNA Study 
Committee conducted over 
telephone, Jonathan King, 
chairman of the Department of 
Microbiology at MIT, stated that 
there arerlt any experiments in-
volving the transfer of genes at the 
present time which could obviate 
all fears of an environmental 
hazard. He insisted that all 
reseal'th present aathort!ed fur 
university labs should be moved 
into centralized facilities. 

California Expansion 
King's remarks directed 

themselves at the California in-
stitutions of UCLA, UCSF, .stan-

ford, Caltech and UCSD, where 
biohazard containment facilities 
for the expansion of recombinant 
DNA research are either being 
proposed or are under con-
struction. In the case of UCSD, the 
fourth floor of the Medical 
Teaching Facility, currently under 
construction, will be modified to 
include a biohazard containment 
facility for recombinant genetics 
and viral cancer research. 

According to King, the problem 
of utilizing a different ex-
perimental organism other than E . 
coli, which thrives in man's lower 
intestine, lies in the fact that new 
organisms will be even more 
unpredictable due to the lack of 
known properties. The extensively 
studied E .coli bacterium, with 
most of its properties understood, 
poses a threat to man if a toxin-
producing or a carcinogenic strain 
somehow managed to escape the 
confines of the containment facility 
and subsequently survive outside 
of its laboratory environment. 

The chance of a laboratory error 
is not impossible , as King noted 
that there have been 50 cases in the 
history of molecular genetics 
where biological infections have 
occurred. 

When asked whether recom-
binant DNA research should only 
remain a scientific issue, King 
ouUtfle'd tlte role of the city com-
mittee in preparation for the new 
UCSD facility. King's recom-
mendations included: 

-the Biohazards Committee (at 
UCSD) should be representative of 
all the people associated with the 

containment facility; including lab 
assistants, dishwashers and junior 
faculty. 

-medical procedures should be 
set up before the facility is built, in 
order to cope with any emergency 
situation. 

-the university should not be the 
sole agency assessing the dangers 
of the research. 
. Who Doe It Benefit? 

King concluded with a conunent 
on the benefits of the research, 
indicating that the people in favor 

Adela Boer 

of immediate proliferation suggest 
the purpose is to increase our 
knowledge and realize potential 
advantages for mankind. 

The great number of abstentions 
-which were primarily by Marxist 
Caucus members-came after both 
Schneider and Bee refused to 
endorse the abolition of the Student 
Body Presidents' Council (SBPC). 
(While the Marxist Caucus has not 
officially endorsed abolishing 
SBPC, several of its members are 
known to support such a move.) 

Free Schools Offer Downhome Education 
" I have yet to hear of any 

benefits that have any sense of 
reality ," King said, and he added 
that " very few people other than 
those that want to do the research 
claim the great benefits." 

Schneider said he originally was 
going to resign, because the 
situation in the Coop had become 
" unworkable." In a prepared 
statement, Schneider, who has 
been an ardent Coo(H1efender in 
the past weeks, said: 

" Several members of the 
External Affairs SuPPOrt Group 
felt the Coop had become un-
workable and that the time had 
come to indignantly boycott a 
slanted process. But we have 
decided as a group to stay and 
fight. To withdraw now would be to 
concede 'central government to the 
influence .of a single special in-
terest group. To boycott would 
allow an elite group of radicals to 
rule by default. .. 

Schneider said Marxist Caucus 
members are "working to the 
detriment of the Coop." 
Additionally, he said that caucus 
members are trying to use the 
Coop as a platform for a single 
viewpoint. 

In the same statement, 
Schneider said "student govern-
ment should reflect the views of aU 
students and respond to campUl 
conunuf\ity need. A lovemance 
tructure created and paid for by 

studerts should not be UHd for the 
advancement of a singular 
politicalideolOlY." . 

Cruo.C..nkt 
The crux of the confUct between 

Schneider and the Marxilt CaucUl 
seems to be whether the Coop 
hould endone the aboUtion of the 

SBPC. Supporters of the position 

by Jeff Sorenson 
(CPS)-With courses like 

"Raising Catfish in a Barrel" 
and "Be Good to Your Back" 
the nation's 200 free universities 
provide classes that most 
colleges would not dream of 
offering. 

Every year hundreds of 
thousands of people enroll at 
free universities, which offer 
classes without the burden of 
grades and credit. These 
alternative schools specialize in 
unorthodox subjects that 
traditional universities ignore. 

"What we're doing is getting 
back to the oldest, most bastc 
type of education, where in-
structors 'are people who want 
to teach anq students are people 
who want to learn," explained a 
spokeswoman for the 
Experimental College ' in 
SeatUe, Washington. "We're 
trying to get away from the 
preoccupation with teaching 
certificates and degrees and 
moving towards learning for 
enjoyment." 

No Degree 
Free university courses are 

Lmually taught in the homes of 
teachers, who are paid little or 
nothin8 for their work. The 
instructors generally aren't 
required to have a teaching 
certificate or even a college 
degree. 

Students are attracted by 
"the informaUty, the shortness 
~ the clules and because the 
price is rieht," said Sandy 
Bremer of the Open Univenity 
in Wuhinglon DC. ' 

Staff workers at free 
lUIiversitiel report that the 

classes usually cost between $5 
and $15, although some are 
priced at $100 and a few cost 
nothing. 

Most free university students 
are young-between 25 and 40-
single, professional people with 
college degrees, according to 
Bremer. The majority have 
some background in academic 
classes so they come to a free 
university looking for 
something different.. Seminars 
on yoga and sexuality are 

. particularly popular with this 
group, she noted. 

Other free university staffers 
report that classes on astrolo~y. 
meditation, personal problems, 
women 's stucues, health and 
arts and crafts are well at-
tended . Instructors are 
generally free to select any 
subject for classes--from 
traditional literature to witch-

/ / 

I / 

craft, flute making or gar-
dening. 

"Communlty-Oriented 
Programs" 

"Free universities have 
moved from a campus 
phenomenon to a community-
oriented adult education 
program, " explained Bill 
Draves, coordinator of the Free 
University Network. He added 
that although free universities 
are commonly considered as 
dying remnants of the sixties, 
the free university movement is 
actually stronger now than 
ever. 

"There may have been ~OO 
free universities about five 
years ago, but many of those 
were sporadic," Draves said. 
"Today's free universities are 
stronger and offer more classe 
to more people." 

! 

.---- J 

Adela Baer, a geneticist from 
SDSU, came to' the committee 
meeting with her personal opinions 
and the general feelings of the 
biology professors at SDSY. 

Baer asserted that the public 
should be concerned about the 
safety of the research, the 
relationship of recombinant DNA 
research to public needs and 
societal goals, and more im-
portantly, i>ublic accessibility to 
science and information about the 
specific work being conducted in 
the university . 

Containment and safety are the 
primary concerns among the 
community, and Baer noted that 
she favors the strict regulation of 
all P3 and P4 researcn, Pol being 
the highest degree of risk . 

" I urge for the pre nt that 
governmental regulations be 
drawn up to include inspection of 
P3 and P4 facilities with ap-
propriate penalties for non-
compliance," Baer stated and 
further suggested that this work 
should be confined to one or two 
facilities in the country. 

" The public need not weigh this 
inconvenience to scientists very 
heavily," Baer continued, "after 
a11, physicL'iti must now journey to 
the Stanford ~inear accelerator and. 
Brookhaven hr certain specialized 
work." 

Fears of Recombinant D A 
P iblv U~ .... t "r in 

recombmant DNA research is the 
risk of releasing deleterious 
organisms into the cnvironmerlt 
Proponent of the research insist 
that the probabllit about one 
chan in on hundred million. 
Howe 'r, B r cit d the 

Continued 011 Pap J 



• 

r freely . 
of your own will 

Mark Stadler · 

Several Modest Propaull 
to Increase Voter 'I'Ill'llOat 

The most important issue of the current presidential campaign is not 
u.,employment, inflation or the lust in Jimmy Carter's heart. It 's voter 
turnout. National pollsters predict that the turnout of eligible voters this 
year will fall below 50 percent fOl' the first time in 5% years. 

Whatever the cause-and it's probably a combination of things-a 
solution is needed. A low turnout rate indicates real alienation among the 
people. But, how to increase turnout? 

One way would be to make voting compulsory. Several cOWltries now 
have this system. In Australia, oitizeIW who fail to vote are fined. Italians 
who miss election day gain a "no&voter" stamp on their identification 
cards. . 

You can gueu the turnout rates tD thotIe countries. 
Of course, compulIory voting is probably unconstitutional. But, then, 

that ain't neceaarily 10. AI the Supreme Court has pointed out on several 
occasions, the Constitution is whatever five of the nine court Justices rule 
itto be. 

A more constttutionally-palatable proposition would be automatic voter 
registration. Both Great Britain and West Germany have such systems, 
and turnout in the two countries hovers at 80 percent. But, automatic 
registration won't get people to the poll!!. 

Another way to increase turnout rests at the opposite end from com-
pulsory voting-a drastic restriction of suffrage. Say, limit the vote to 
wh.ite males, over 30 years of age, who own a certain amount o~ property. 
ThIS would doubtless increase turnout, because such people vote more 
often than most others anyway. 

It would also lead to revolution and class-warfare in the streets. (And, it 
would be one surefire way to put together the longo(:herished coalition of 
students and workers.) It doesn't matter that less than half the eligible 
voters use The Power. Just as long as the option remains ... just in case it 
ever seems worth it. Oh, but take the vote away and hear hue and cry. 

But, no, restricted suffrage wou1dn't make it. White male landowners 
have enough power already. While the ballot box may not be the most 
effective m ethod of reform, It has great potential, if used correctly , with 
organization and discipline. 

That's how politics were organized in the late 19th century , during the 
heyday of party politics and boss rule in the citi,es. Torchlight parades, 
brass bands and fiery oration to stir the voters , to involve them in a 
fraternal felling with the party, to make them want to vote. 

And tha t 's another way to increase turnout today. Turnout for 
presidential elections in the 19th century was about 80 percent, far above 
today's average. What might be needed today is a return to yesterday's 
politica l tactics. 

But a return to the politics of parade-band-an<k>ration may not be 
possible with the jaded citizenry oC the the seventies. Today's voter might 
not be able to lose himself in t he emotion oC a parade, lit by smoking 
torch, that snakes through the dark streets toward a great ora tor, who 
stands ready to whip the troops into a partisan frenzy. 

The problem is, orators sufficient to the task may not exist anymore. 
Today's politiCians, who have campaigned solely through media image in 

rec~t years, may no longer have the talent to excite the masses by voice 
alone. A presidel)tial campaign between orators today would have to be 
between Ronald Reagan and Daniel Patrick Moyniha n . 

It'd be worth a try, though, if just for the fun of it. But television would 
have to be abandoned. Emotional rallies televised to the nation just 
wouldn't be the same thing as the live event. TV is too impersonal. While 
it might be a good medium for convincing people how they should vote, it 
has never been proven to increase turnout at all. For example, this year's 
debates should increase the turnout, if TV was at all effective Cor that 
purpose. But the forecast remains below 50 percent. 

So the rallies would have to be live, not televised to the nation. But the 
substance of the speeches doesn't really matter. No one listens a nyway. 
As long as they are fiery and emotional, they 're fine. 

However , this proposal might' not be acceptable .either. 19th century 
strategies were abandoned when city polit iCS were reformed in the early 
twentieth century. And why were city politics reformed? Because of the 
amazing amount of corruption they bred. 

A return to 19th century politics would inevitably m ean a return to that 
corruption. , 

It seems no scheme for increasing turnout is fool proof. The best way-
perhaps the only real way-to get more people to the polls is to have more 
attractive candidates. This step, combined with an ~utomatic 
registration system, is probably tlie best-and most modest- proposal to 
increase voter turnout. 

The Jon TIme I published by UCSD 
students as in official student 
newspaper Publlt .t n is on Monday •• 
Wednesdays and riday. dunng the 
regular school YEar (except on official 
holiday.). Edltorl,1 ,nd 'buslness off ice. 
are located In the Student Center at the 
University o t Cali ?T~a. ban ul~yu . ier 
editorial, call 452 Joif'l ; for business and 
display edvertlslns;, 9"11 452-30468. 

Letters to. tht~.tor and opinion 
columns are wele . All submissIon. 
must be typed a'ld doubl .. spaced on a 
74,splce lin • . Thy ahould not exceed 
1·1/2pages InlenJt . 

Submitted met.,lol mutt bear Ih. name 
and student Identlf lcallon number ot the 
author. Names can be " It hheld trom 
publicli ion on requ .. t ; how ... r the 
nwn .. Mit be held on file for publ ic 
Intpection. 

The Triton TIm .. r . .. "... the right to 
edit ,ubmlu ions becau.. ot sPlICe 
limitations or styl. requ irements. 

Entire contents copyright 187$, the 
Tr~on TIm .. . 

triton times' 
David Elsen · Executive edllor 

Mark Stadler · Managing editor 

Alan Russell · N_s editor 

Alec Nedelman • Allocll t. N_s editor 

Vera Todoro.· Communlly editor 

Ran Anbar • OpInion editor 

James G. Soto - Ad .. rt;'ing Mlrwger 

Becky DeVinney - P.-etton m ..... r 

Wendell P. Hamillon · Copy ed"'" 

Joet C. Don · A .. oelate News edltar 

ScOIl Sadll - Sport. editor 

Tim MacK.nzi. · Arts editor 

Bill Brooks . "hot~ editor 

. trito. "el·· 
LeHen to the Editor 

One, Vote N1akes a Difference 
The coming elections seem to be 

the occuion fi a g~. collective 
yawn here on camp\18 in stark 
contraat to years past when 
students and faculty were the 
movers and shakers in national 
political campaigns. 

Lots of eXplanations for the 
current aPathy are bandied about; 
e.g. that the present college 
generation is • 'silent and Job 
oriented," or that there is no dif-
ference between the candidates, or 
that a vote makes no difference. 

These are absurd reasons. " Job 
oriented" people should vote for 
the party that will create the best 
environment for employment in 
science , humanities and the arts, 
as well as for society's. neglected 
who are 80 easily forgotten in this 
pampered environment. . 

People who know such as the 
Sierra Club, the NAACP, Ralph 
Nader and Common Cause 
disagree with the contention that 
there is no difference between the 
candidates. This rumor is only an 
excuse for laziness. 

A single vote CAN make a dif-
ference in a swing state such as 
California. A little volunteer work 
can make even more . 

It's easy to say that this election 
won 't matter. Perhaps it won't to 
us a cademic aristocrats. 
(Althoug h our government's 
present nuclear proliferation at-

Utucle may end everyone, rich and 
poor alike) . But it does matter to 
thole overseas who are tortured by 
govenments our present ad-
ministration props up, to the 
unemployed hl!'re at home and to 
those who have to deal with an ever 

. increasing tangle in the Fe4eral 
bureaucracy . It matters to the 
Farmworkers and to those who 
fea r for our fragile envlroninent. 
. For our part, we-are going to be 

available during the next two 
weeks to answer questions about 
Democratic candidates. Just look 
for our table or come to our rally on 

Wedneaday, October 'Z1 for detailed 
answers to your questions. 

Meanwhile, it is hoped that this 
letter will start a debate on the 
pages of the Triton Times in the 
remaining days before Nov. 2. 
We'll start it off by saying that it's 
time for a chanRe! 

. UCSD DEMOCRATS I: 
PROGRESSIVES 

JANETBAIN 
DANIEL P. NOR!!: 

DAVEBRIN 
, ANDREW COCKBURS 

More Backlash on "Illegat Alien Threat" 
One JeCC Fenton, in the October business has always imported 

13 17, levelled -an unSCruPulOllS Mexican and other foreign workers 
and racis t attack on sOo(:alled to undercut wage levels in flush 
" illegal aliens" in the United times. When unemployment and 
States . We cannot allow such worker unrest inc rease , the 
disgusting slander as this to go government deports · foreign 
unchallenged. workers for "stealing jobs ." · 

Undocumented workers do not Meanwhile, the corporations 
take J obs away Crom American . transfer their operations to other 
citizens . Over the past three years countries in search of even more 
the automakers have la id off easily exploitable wage labor. 
thousands of workers, but now that Hard times in the thirties were not 
production is back to its earlier callSed by undocumented workers 
level most of those laid off are still and they are not now. -
off the job. . Amer ican capitalism is finally 

Studies in LA and San Diego on the run-in Africa, in Southeast 
counties show that deporting u~ Asia, in Latin America , and here at 
documented workers does not home. To maintain their profits , 
make more jobs for citizen the bosses are -now intensifyiilg 
workers. Big Business wills their exploitation of American 
unemployment: This country's workers. Their chief ally is racism 
obscene jobless rates are part of -racist opposition to equal 
business's effort to shore up its education Cor Black children, 
declining profit rates by more rac ist and sexist discrimination 
ruthhfssly exploiting smaller a gainst female and minority 
numbers of workers . Only the workers , and racist slander of 
overthrow of the ruling capitalist exploited Mexican farmworkers. 
class that depends on unem- . Racism allows the bosses to 
ployment will provide work Cor all 
who want it. 

extort extra pr ofits from minority 
workers by legitimizing the su~ 
standard wages paid to them. 

Racism divides workers and 
prel'ents them from uniting to 
deCeat the bosses and their viciollS, 
destructive economic system. 

Racism is capitalism's Achilles' 
heel; the point at which we must 
attack the system iC we are to end 
the rape of our environment and 
the m er c iless exploitation of 
workers all over the world. United, 
workers and students of all nations 
must fight to extirpate racist 
divisions between them if they are 
to organize a new society run by 
and for people who work to live. 

M.e.MILLER 
BARBARA WATERS 

ART MCEVOY 
ED LONG 

AMANDA WALKER 
VICTORIA BROWN . 

ALEX KAPSOKOVADIS 
- SANDRA OGAWA 

ALEJO]IJDRA RUIl PATl'ERSON 
DEPT. OF HI8I'ORY 

Wl)at about the drain on public 
services that Fenton bewails? 
Accord ing to the Wall Street 
Journal, 77% of all " illegal aliens" 
pay social security and 73 ' % pay 
Federal withholding taxes. Only 4% 
have children in school or draw 
unemployment. Only 112 of 1 % 

_"M$C811 
have ever been on welfare. 

Last year , on the other hand, 
Ford and Western Electric, among 
others, pa id DO taxes at all. Who is 
not pay ing his fair share ? Public 
seryipes In this co~try are going 
to hell because the corporations 
are no longer willing to do their 
part to maintain them-they need 
the money to bolster their 
shrinking profit rates and to 
militarily defend their 
stranglehold on underdeveloped 
economies around the world. 

Racist attacks on undocumented 
workers are an attempt. to divide 
workers and prevent them from 
acting together to figtt the real 
cause of their probleml-
Capitalism. The infamo\18 Rodino 
Bill does not have the American 
worker at heart. Historically, 

: -THE.' 'i1Q$T "Sr.~ R. -r~" ,. c.o l"1Pur E R G.A/'1£ - " 70 o.t HA~vt \' f1U~D 
UlLltc-~ ~y c.u " r::;. ;3[{NlJAKCR., A .u~R.P 

--

DNA Research ... 
documented evidence from the Ft. 
Detrick facility, where 423 cases of 

. infection and three deaths have 
occurred over some 25 years in this 
P4 arrtiy biological warfare lab. 
She mentioned that it was a 
"serious oversight on the part of 
the National Institutes fi Health 
that such accident figures were not 
pubUcized." . 

Baer concluded by favoring 
stricter gUidelines and regulatiolW 
for recombinant DNA research 
and for major public participation 
"at all levell in fonnulating and 
implementing legislation and 
regulations of hybrid DNA 
research." 

One of the concerns expressed by 
the committee was the lack of 
information on other institutions in 
the country cUrrently involved in 
recombinant research. The Senate 
Subcommittee on Health has also 
admitted to confusion over the 

number of P3 and P4 facilities in 
the country. 

Clifford Grobstein, vice-
chancellor of university relations 
at UCSD, stated that there are six 
to eight researchers involved in 
recombinant DNA research at 

U~D, and confinned the in-
forma tion on the facillties at 
UCLA, UCSF, Stanford and 
Caltech. Grobstein attended the 
meeting to clarify some confusion 
over the construction of a new 
biologicallaborstory in the Kearny 
Mesa area. 

Grobstein assw-ed the c0m-
mittee that the Balboa facillty will 
not be involved in recombinant 
DNA research. 

The DNA Study Committee plans 
to hold fts next meeting in 
November and will solicit the 
opinion of an outspoken proponent 
of recombinant technology in order 
to complement Wednesday's 
negative te$timony. 

triton time8 

Students 
Choose 

Ga~bage ' .. 
(CPS) - Students at Syracuse 

University have elected a garbage 
disposer to their student assembly. 

The disposer, called Hector 
Eastein, received 23 votes and 
finished 11th in the balloting for 15 
assembly seats after collecting the 
required number of signatures for 
his nomination. Incumbent student 
assembly officials didn't get the 
joke, however, and promptly nixed 
Eastein and named a replacement 
of the human persuasion. 

A spokesman for Hector's 
political sponsor. the Zeta Psy 
fraternity , said Hector could 
probably not have attended 
night assembly meetings anyway 
because he 's usually busy 
chomping the house's trash. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
~" ...................... . 

For UCSD Only • 
A cr eat i v ity work sh op for • 

students is plonned to improve • 
creativi ty , c reali~ t~i nk i ng and • 
creativ e prob lem-so lvi ng. Concepts • 
and mental gymnastics to develop • 
and enhance creat ivity w in include • 
brainstorming, centering, b ionics, • 
synect ics, rela~ at i on exercises. • 
futur istics, etc. • 

NEW YORK 
LAX-JFK 
JFK--LAX 

••• 

... 

$224 tax Included Porticiponts should more than • double or triple creat ive powers by • 
the end o f the 7-week workshop. • 
The f irst meet ing is scheduled for • Also available. _. 
.Ocl. 26, Tuesday, between 3-5 p. m. 

MC Bid 12 • - PSA Resetvations (and tickets) at , g . 4 . , . 

• • • 
• - Beat the Christmas rush . . . make your Christmas. 

• 

The UCSD M usicians Gu ild would 
like to f ind b luegrass or CW 
oriented mandol in, fidd le or boss 
ployers interested in jorming 0 port 
time bo nd - pl eose leave nome 
Wi th Sandy at Student 
Organ izat ions Bldg. A, 2nd floor. 

• plans now 
• 

- Alternative dates to New York (Call for details) • 
: - Charter flights · to LONDON and FRANKFORT (60· 

• • days advanced booking required) • 
.~ Open 1~-4 pm Mon , Wed. Fri • 
: CiEE Student Travel Services 452-0630 • 
\L International Center, UCSD lJ I ~ .........•.............. .-' 

spirits of saint germain 
Lambrusco wine special 

..,." Giacobazzi ~ .. 
call it "Jocko" for short 

sensational new refreshment 

I '1~JW"h 14.69 mlJllum 
"A Party in a Botlle" 

Also a ternfic selection of: 
LIQUOR GROCERIES 
WINE 
BEER (also by the keg) 

"The store with the 455-1414 
conVenient Ioc:ation- HounI: h .m. to 10p.m. BwI.·Thur. 
plenty of .,-rtdn,!!! I e •. m. 10 11 p.m. FII.-a.t. 

~1nd"""Qwge 

NOW OPENID 
germain's country deli 

exccllent sandwich~s - only the best 
meats and cheeses arc used on your 

choice or rresh bread or rolls 
Also - a daily casserole supper 

Plus fine meals and cheeses by Ihe lb. !! 
.. ~ 4156-1512 - cMIrtng 

There's room fa you 
to grow in North La 
.blla . .. a rare cppa-
tunity fa office and 
retail space In this 
exceptional project 
.. for details on your. 
new address. con-
tact the specialist 
with. 

Paee 3 

Jeans 
-Shirts 

Ihsses 
Shirts 

Sweaters 
Skirts 

:Shoes Bikinis 
Trunks 

Accessories 

A 
(Mlnl·llla) 

Balch Sllla S1.50 
Mans Shlrls S7.00 

Bikinis S7.00 
and Mora 

T ISTE FOR STYLE· I 

. Full Service Redken Salon ~h\f.l1('1 10% Discount in October 
~:~ ~::.....;". With Student or Faculty 
• I.D. 

455·0680 

.~?;;,~ POTTERY a ..:~ .'.. . stone .... Kond. '. 4" 6" 8" 10" Pots, fro m from from from 
. SUO S2.50 $4 .00 S4.50 

lOO's 10 choose from many colors a lld designs 
Although these po ts are seconds 
most have imperceivable fla ws 
Lo~ WaldenGarden ~ 
~~:r.- == ~ • F~ 

({;'J"/' . ,.,/ • ~ . ' d 
: '~""I(JI'.'1 .1 - ··h.J lI(Va,f'J . - " )/f'. 

Announcee III opemg at • new nIIII ..... offlce 
"'....,. the La ....... 

455-i200 

E~ Gregory, "-Itor-Broker 

~,TOI' EV ME_SA-:_TRA_YE_L, .. INC';';"~iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~"';~_~ ViDa Norte ,. ~.. ~ 3211 HoIidav C-. U \oIa 
- ~:. Villa Narte Splclalty '''.0 20°'-off on drapery cleaning M__ T..... · 10 

DII ........ CI . lo_. CA.llm 411·1.1 Shopping Center . .. .. pinllO/30/16 
and Offlcls 

Holiday Court, La Jolla, California 
''the 1Irge redwood buUnga with the bUt roor. ,. 

• I 



-221 
IS THE MOST 
MOVING, THE MOST 
INTELLI GENT, THE MOST 
HUMANE - OH, TO HELL 
WITH IT! -IT'S THE 
BEST AMERICAN FILM 
I'VE SEEN THIS YEAR!" 
-VINCENT CANBY, N.Y. TIMES 

Friday October 22 
7:00p.m.· 9:30p.m. 

USB 2722 
U .25 

Also Showing 

"Walkabout" 
Saturday Odober 23 

7:00p . m. 
USB 2722 

11 .00 

HOFFMAN ALL THE PRESIDENTS MEN 
aooearance by MARTIN BALSAM HAL HOLBROOK 

I'V<IAHLJ:;' d, Ben Br1lOIee • Screenplay by WILL I AM GOLDMAN 
BERNSTEIN anoBOBwOODwARD ' MusocbyDAVIO SHIRE 

by WALTER COBLENl · D·rccleO Of ALAN J PAKVLA 
A WlIOwOOO E "'arOf''''' PrOO...cI 'on 

II ROIlen Rca'ora A _nJ Pa ur_ F,lm 
PG ..... _-.~ _ 

_ U I. _ ... .... I ... .. IfI_~ 

~O;:..~--==-c;:..:;. 

NOW AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU. 

tritOD tiqae8 

Mandeville 
Gallery's 
"Star Time" 

by Debbie SChwartz 
After the 1960's, when all 

systems by which we deal with 
ourselves, others, and the en-
virorunent came Wlder critical 
examInation and accepted 
definitions and values were 
questioned, negated, and often 
replaced, we are left with a 
tremendous amount of freedom in . 
the creation of our own individual 
lifestyles and attitudes . Con-
temporary art is proceeding to 
establish mqre privacy and liberty 
in artistic and intellectual ex· 
pression through a conscious 
analysis of weaknesses· inherent in 
accepted ideas about art and 
society. 

The exhibit currently on display 
at the Mandeville Art Gallery by 
Alexis Smith, _ an established 
conceptual artist, is representative 
of this new attitude. ' The exhibit, 
entitled " Star Material, " 
establishes its fonn through the 
interchanging of visual and 
literary symbols. Although the 
works are obviously not examples 
of conceptual art in its purest form, 
since they do exist in the physical 
realm, the primary concern here is 
to present ideas. 

The artist renders form to her 
ideas through scrapbook or collage 
images accompanied by written 
statements and, in some cases, 
framed in succession to depict 
progression of time. The show 
examines . concepts of myth, 
symbols, and illusions through the 
direc,t use of them in a refreshirigly 
simple and amusing manner. 

Smith also plays with the idea 
Continued 00 Page 8 

Sunday, No"mller 7, .M. 
CIVIC THEATRE. 202 "COO STREET 

Tluns' AOVAIIC( SAl'! U .• - MIOHT Of PfAF. 13.5' 
AI .. " SlI, at SII"'" ....... 

Sil ell ..... FrU.", .... I" 5 1,.01 .. _s. 

" -~=.f'l/ 

(CPS) The latest salvo has been 
fired in the ever-escalating battle 
of Beatiemania, and the current 
weapons are T·shirts. 

A Boulder, Colorado firm, The 
. BeatJes Reunion Foundation 

(BRF ), anned with oodles of op-
timism and a novel gimmick, is the 
latest entry into the worldwide 
struggle to bring the four lads back 
on the same stage on the same 
night. 

Of course, the BeaUes haven't 
kicked out the jams together for 
nearly 10 years, and in fact they've 
even come out and said they . 
haven't the least hankering to do 
so, but that isn't stopping the BRF 
gang from pouring $70,000 and two 
years of toil into the project. 
• " It can happen!," assures the 

BRF newspaper ad that asks 
readers to send $5 plus $.75 postage 
for the honor of sporting a red, 
white and blue " It can happen" T-
shirt and a numbered membership 
card. The shirt entitles the bea'rer 
to a chance to be one of the 10,000 
chosen ones to attend the live 
concert, although the chances of 
that happening are slim since the 
BRF hopes to enlist seven million 
subscriptions. 

The T·shirt 68le, which will go 
into high gear in: Los Angeles in 
several weeks, will supposedly 

provide the necessary cash 
sound equipmentIor rented 
seven U.S. cities. 
what the BRF calls its " un 
plan, the hallB can be 
available on a dilY'S notice 
the BeaUes be suddenly 
by the same reunion 
currently gripping 
their fans around the 

Then, the game plan 
the foundation will jet the 
ticket holders to the 
that won't be announced 
day of the bash to ensure 
security. The foundation also 
to beam the concert 
world on closed Circuit TV 
at $8 a head. ' 

It's an intricate plan, but 
work? Even BRF 'workers, 
their optimism, appear 
"The chance of the concert 
in a million," says BRF 
Mike Karzon, a former 
of Colorado student . "But 
look at it the other way," 
" It·s one out of two. Either 
say yes or no. " 

The stakes are certainly 
The BRF figures profits for 
reunion in the neighborhood 
million. They are quick to 
that they are the only 
offering a plan that 
the money to the Beatles 
selves. 

BRf spokesmen are hazy 
ceming details of what 
all the dough should 

~ail to come off. They 
however, that anyone who 
$5.75 will be.getting an 

'_ in any event. 'IY ou 
ney's and just 8' pia 

SKI CLUB MEMBERS: Pi k·up 
your membership card, and pay 
your dues TODAY! The Ski Club 
Offi e, 10 'ated next door to 
"Ubiquity," will be open 8 am-3 
pm for this purpose. 

. . 

cost you $4 .50," says BRF 
organizer Robert Galinsky from 
the fOWldation's office, a room 
crammed with Beatie posters and 
other memorabilia. 

The BRF is hardly alone in its 
efforts to get the' Beatles back 
together. Some people close to the 
scene say over 100 promoters in 
every part of the world have 
hatched various schemes to 
reunite the fbur . One group is 
selling "Let It Be" bumper 
stickers to encourage the gig while 
the Beatie's own record company 
reports receiving blank checks 
from around the world along with 
instructions telling the' firm to 
simply fill in the proper amoWlt 

. should the Beatles ever do another 
concert. Several versions of Beatle 
conventions and multi·media 
shows have also been staged in 
severa l cities. 

One of the farther out attempts 
at getting the message across was 
New York promoter Sid Bern-
stein's recent full page ads in The 
New York Times and the loter· 
national Herald Tribune. Bern-
stein, the man who put on the first 
U.S. Beatle show in 1964, offered 
$200 million and said "a world 
living in fear of tomorrow's tragic 
headlines needs a symbol of hope 
for the future . " 

One of these ads was shown to 
Beatie Ringo Starr while he was 
lunching in his posh Paris hotel 
room recently. His_response was 
characteristic of his three fonner 
cohorts ' responses over the years. 
Ringo refused to even read, the ad, 
saying it contained too many words 
for his taste. 

HELICON , UCSD's creative journal 
is now accept ing poems, sforles, 
satire, line drawings, photography 
etc. from students, faculty & stoff. If 
you hove anything to soy about 
yourself & your time we'd love to 
hear from you. Send to c/ o Hel icon 
campus moil code C-OOS. Include 
nome, address, phone. Deadline 
Nov. 11 so get cre6tingl 

aappy Hour 
Every clay of the year, 

.2·7 pm .. Prnute 
brand. at 85 centa . 
weekday hot and cold 
bora d'oeu"'n. Come 
.oon and .hare a 
.un.et. 

RESERVATIONS; 
459·0541 

tim mackenZIe 

Station To 
With all the money the E;agles 

must be making, you would think 
that they could dress a little bit 
more extravagantly. These guys 
probably think a football jersey is 
formal. But then what do you 
expect from an American band. 

The trouble is the Eagles are 
Wldoubtedly the top band America 
has to offer in the rock and roll 
sweepstakes. No on~ else really 
comes close. Hear that, Robert 
Hilburn? Not the Allman Brothers 
(they're defunct), not The Band 
(they might as well quit) and not 
the Rolling 'fhunder Revue (their 
singer is off-key). And with the 
release of the new Hotel California 
LP the Eagles will continue to soar 
to greater heights. 

As the Eagles kicked off their 
national tour. last week in San 
Diego, it was evident that the 
addition of guitarist Joe Walsh 

triton times 

Station 

gave the band a harder rock sound. Glenn Frey 
Watching Walsh and Don Felder 
playing side by side conjured up 
images of Keith Richard and 
Ronnie Wood jamming together 
(6ut with a distinct Stateside flavor ). The Eagles needed Walsh to 

provide a balance. "Lyin' Eyes" and "Best Of My Love" moved me to 
tears, but without a foot stomper like " Rocky Mountain Way" the concert 
could have become stale. 

Meanwhile, the band's two main hotdogs, Glenn Frey and Don Felder, 
remain as steady and'cool as eve •. As musicians, they are no better than 
mediocre. But their vocal prowess sells the band. 

It had been three years since I had last seen the Eagles perform in 
concert, yet the show's format remained distinctly similar. They always . 
open with "Take It Easy" and close with " Best Of My Love." They play 

THE EAGLES 
more from the Despel'Jldo LP than you would think they would. The 
staging remains distinctly low·key, . with no flash powder, billowing 
smoke,laser lights or fire-breathing. . 

The primary reason for the Eagles' success though, is that they are so -
fucking consistent. With each album' the group has shown steijdy im· 
provement while keeping the same sound and identity. Hotel California is 
a continuation of that steadiness. 

The Eagles continue to sell plenty of records. And that's with an image 
of long hair, beards, Levis and tennis shoes. Who knows, with a little 
mascara ... 

• • • Paul' McCartney and Wings' recent benefit concert for the sagging city 
of Venice drew 25,000 people to St. Mark's Square and raised $50,000. The 
latest issue of Rolling Stone reports that the concert also made the Square 
sag a little more. A couple of paving stones collapsed under the weight of 
ttie crowd and water seeped through. 

• • • In the Brittsh Isles, a Scottish member of parliament called on the 
government to ban the Ramones song " Now I Wanna Sniff Some Glue. " 
The Scotland Evening Times said selling the recOrd suggested the 
Ramones record label, Sire,' ' is so interested in making a fast buck that it 
doesn't accept any social respOnsibilities." 

Everything's At the Top! 
Dlnllll . Cocktail. ' Oanclng to lI\1e en, 
tertalnment. An elegant eleventh floor ocean =v1ew 
atmoaphere where ca.ual attire and comfort ruin. 

Sunday Buffet Brunch. 10·2:30 '4.85. Julc", 
fruita, .. lad, three hot eatren. egp. breakfa.t 
meata, much mor ... 

Dinner fTom 6 p,m. n .... tiy. gourmet continental 
food •. Fou'r nightly feature. with .oup or .alad and 
EI .. o'.dnaertlrom $1.95. 

TORREY PINES ROAD AT 
LA JOUA SHORES DRIVE 

Page 5 
."' •• "' . ........................ . ..... . t ..... ~·~·l 

COMMUNITYl 
BLOOD BA.N1d 

983 India 
327 F Street 

! 
1 Beauty Supplies 

That is PAYS DONORS 1 i At the Village for Service 
'Beauty Supply 

You can gel all your beauty 
needs at a discount . Everything 
for bolh Guys and Gals . 
Discounl ,s nor just a word. Our 
Vidal Sassoon Shampoo and 
Rinse is $1 .89 each .. Check 

$2.50. 
SPECIAL INTRO.OFFER: 

for a limited time only· show 
school I. D. and get 10% off 

737 PEARL 
STREET 

Don 't be mistaken . The address 
of our plaza is on Pearl but our 
enlrance is off Ihe parking lot on 
Eads . jus I south of Pearl. 

459-0722 

Sixth Root Race 
Weekend 
Seminar 

-

Mon . - Frl. 
233-5481 
234·460] 

Dr. Douglas Baker. medical doctor from England . will speak on The 
Sixth Root Race. an esoteric subjett concerning supersensitive children 
now being born in the sunlit areas of the world . His lecture will relate how 
to identify and direct them . It will be held on Thurs . :00 p.m. OCI 2 at 
Ihe Loggia Room Holt Balboa Park . There is a $3 00 donation · Oct 30· 
31 Dr . Baker will also hold a seminar concerning the Esoteric Sciences 
For Further Infonnatlon 
The Foundation For Esoteric Studies 
236:9000 • 272·3969 . 422·9047 

C PH rrescl) ts 

S,,'iss t:lo"'n lhmc 
November 6 8: 30 pm 

MClndt' v II Ie Auditorium 
Student 12.50 

General Adml Ion $4.50 



..... 

Parking 
Studepts are Reminded 

'1" ,.tt., PenIIh .. ,.III III 'BLOW m'PlD 
,.... s,.c. • ...,. (See c_._ .." 

a ............ fer .... '-II ... f_.u 
, ....... wItII till ,.... •••• 1.11 ... . 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223 

triton tiDle8 
. 

T RiYON ClAssifiEds 
WANTEd 
N~ hou ...... by Nov. /PB on Opal/own 
room I 51 07 • mnth I",. .. or femal.1 bUI clo ... 
"'11178. Nice p'-ce. (10/27' 
Neuro.clencft Depl. needa personl for 
br.'n w.v ••• Pla. 12:50 1hr Ilg'n up In rm 3208 
SverdrupHLS10 

fOR SAlE 
One Ig. while desk and a dining room Iable· 
s ... I. " 10 8 (two , .. -, call 43&-11161 . 
(10/221 
Surboanl 7'2" Sun.... Rounded pintail. 
•• cet . " II'" _ " condo 51015 . Call 453-3II1II 
,*ween&:30and 11:00. (10/221 

ChildCllre for 2 bebiea .xp. , ref. ONlY . 70 AUllin.Amertea. " new Ii .... I .. ne , ow.' 30 
....ry opan , houra flexible plua Wkends·-call mpg , 50,000 mI , mull .. II 571107 4&2.21032 
· allerllal'(l"&4. 1 51 4 ~1 0/25' I lIfter7pmorwilnd . (1 0/22' 
The UCSD Muslclanl Guild would Uk. 10 find 
lIIueg .... 01 C/ W oriented mandOlin . filldl. 
or bul players inl _Sled in forming. pa1 
lime blond pl_ I ...... name wltn Sandy .1 
Studenl Org. Bldg A. 2nd Floor (10/25, 

Complet. II • .., ayst A'mp, tumlabf., Ipk .. , 
IOIId sound · ,_ prios . S80 fOf .U. Cau Ron . 
" 52-0319(10122) . 

Schwinn Continental 10 apd 22" men'a. Call 
Needed 8lCperlenced rock climbers for ~53.eI38, ..... nlng • . Aak lor Marl< (10/22, 
climbing partners . Call <153-0780. Ask for 

.***.*******.*************** .... Neal . f *' Heliconhe llcon C005 Campus Ma l l I S' fiberglass canoe . flalalion desiQn . aood condition , musl .eli. 5100 452-0351 , after 5 
pm . Ray. -yo ,. hel lconheliconhet iconhel lconhelicon (10 /25) 

f : Eve~one ,'nterested ,on hav ing an eleclron ics 
-yo • , 7. Che.y pickup hall ' on new tires excellent 

~ ..... shop on campus write . Eleclronlcs Shop cond o & 72 Oalsun pickup . Call 222·5021 after 
~ ~ Ves! P.O. Bo x 43~(0/27J 5. 
~ : ........................................................... . 

~ COLLESE -S I . *': NEW YORK CHARTER FLIGHTS! : RADDATES : f CHRISTMAS VACATION - $209 i 

FrIday, OeWMr ZZ,1t7I 

Aluminum l ank unused . Call 753-2768 
(10 / 25' 
1911 Datsun p,ck ·up with .hell . Good 
oondition . New tires . Buc"" _ I • . 753·2182 
or 753-2041 . 110125, 

For sale: Scuba _ scuba pro tank and Mark 
FI .... regulator. Pressure gaug., back pack , 
weights . <188-8227 Dave 

E .... r find your_It Irylng to ~ a roasl 
. /bull ... knife? It you can'I cui il . lake a look 
.'.our quallly-cutiery .... for only 117.00. A 
gr ... slice for I he price! Jet, 75&-e998 . 
(10/25, 

BOOK NOW ON CAMPUS! New Vorl! & 
Europe fl lgh,. . PSA ..-Ilona ClEE 
Sl udent Tm .. SaMos., open Mon .. Wed .. 
Fri. 12-4 pm. Call 4!52-0830 (12/11 , 
Full Se<vice T ...... , Agency. AU carriera In-
cluding chl<1.rs ! American Youth Hostet 
cards available. Call Seryel or Sam .. TMT 
<152· 1981 . NO SERVICE CHARGE! (12 /6, 

• SERVICES 
TuiOling Aigrebra , Trigonomelry , Analgeon, 
Calculus, Physics, Gre. Slatistics. Call Ish 
anyUme 287·.751 . (10 /27' • 

Drum Lessons. Congas, bongos & other 
Instruments · Latin l African l Jazz rh)'lhms • 
Irs fun! 4:l6·5778 eyen lngs . Ray (10 125, 

: : t Break-Away Tours, 9056 Santa Monica Blvd, : i MAIIBEMEIT : L._.~?;:.!~?!~';!';.~.g?~~.l~!~L~:!!:~!.~._.;j · 
~ *' 

LOSE unwan ted pounds & inches. Easy way 
10 lose weigh' and keep il o lf ! Call Lynn 481 · 
8290 (121 6). 
ACADE MIC RESEARCH PAPERS . 
Thousands on file. Send 51 .00 for your 192· 
page , mall order calalog . 11322 Idaho Ave .. 
'206H . Lo. Angel •• , Calif. 90025 (213,477· 
8474. (1216, ! OPPORTUIITIES i 
~ * i D THE WOIID a 

~ * ~ *' ~ * ~ *' ~ * 
: The IIVY hiS mlny OpeningS In fields suCh IS i 
: communlcilions, IVllllon, bUSiness, engineering: 

~ , 
if Ind intelligence lOr young women who Ire ~ ~ . ~ ~ *' 
: unllrald 01 responsibility. : 
if *' ~ *' ~ * ! 30 DaYS Pal.d vacalloo a ~ear : 
: PosI ..... duale OPPorlunlles : 
t 810,500 to IIal'l-818,1IOO In ~ years : 
t Free ... Ieal· aill Danlal : 
: care lUrId Wide Tra. DDDorIUnlla : 
: IP~IY Without "'1D8IIon : ~ : ~ * : u.s. Cllz.,20-27 ,ura .f118 : 

~ *' 
: 1.1 ........ In In, ml'" : 

~ * ~ * : : 
: 'IIV' OFFICER i 
: IlfO.ITIOI TEIM : i I : 
: •• UI ••• 111111. : ~ * 
: IBIEI. OCt 28 • 27 : ~ *' ~ ' 0: •• 4 18 2:80 DJI. : ~ * 
: ... GIll : ~ * ~ * ~ *' ~ *' ~ ~ * ~ * ~ *' ~ ........................... ~.* 

COPY SHOPS 

XEROX COPIES 4C 
NO MINIMUM •. 

IURNY MESA 3 cents with Student 10 
8333 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Phone 560·9002 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

If you are seeking a career opportun ity - WSU offers several 
ways in which you can enter the legal profession. fllI·r. 
St ... a: Can earn a J.D. Degree and be eligible to take the 
California State Bar Examination in 2' 2 or 3 years. hr1·TiII 

~: Can graduate in 3' 1 or 4 years of study with the same 
degree as a full ·time student by att~nding class an average of 3 
times per week, 3 hours per class. There are schedules to fit 
many needs - classes are offered days, evenings and 
weekends ....... StIt, Uli .... CtI." I.Iw has a ..... 
P .... Mliiulllll PIHcy • applicants are screened lor academic 

backgrou~d . personal aptitude. general experience. maturity 
and motivation. Applications are now being accepted for Spring 
Sem.ester from men and women with two or more years of 
college credits. Pre· admission counseling is available. 

Fer call", iii " I . . . ... tl : .......... .\I1iwIrsIIy c.a. " 
law. 0.,1. 163 1333 Frill Slriel. au _ , CA 12101. PIIIIIe 
17141232·6506, 
Name 

Street 

City State Zip 

Am.' lOW F. SPlllII smma - ClASlESITUT .... IAIY 17. 
Although the cost of professional education continues to spira'. 
tuition at WSU remains among the most modtrate In the nation. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Spanish and French prlvale lessons. Zl<l-
0391 exlension 335. (10/25' 

Typing • Marilyn would like to type your 
paper , thesis, bool .. Sh~ ls .. perlenced. fast , 
reasonable . and hIS 8 cOI{8Cting IBM. Please 
call her al 565-7060. (10/ 25 , 

Assertiveness Tra ining Wrl<sI)OPS for Men & 
Women. Praclice more effecl iYe com· 
muniCations "" ills so lhat you say whal you 
want and not at ,he expense of violating 
others or yourself. Call Becca at 452·3755 '0 
sign up, or come 10 the Muil TV Lounge on 
Sal. 10 /23 from 10 :00·1:00 for l he firsl mtg . 
Counseling & Psychological services . 
(10/22' 
TYPING' IBM CORRECTING SELECTRIC. 
TERM PAPERS. THESES. DISSERTATIONS. 
EDITING. RUSH JOBS. <152· 1588. 560-8171 

Seniors & Grad sludenls. Come gel 'em wh,'e 
lhey're hot 1977 Placemenl Annual s hoI off 
Ihe press FREE! (11 /3' 

Need a TYPISI? Rush Iyping .. guaranlee work· 
Kalh'e 272-8390 (10 /27) , 

Tune up special!! Discount pnces -·quahty 
work call AI. Mark. Or Gary for • free 
eSI Idlagnosls <153-9 153 (10/29) 
Wh at is higher conSCiou sness? Come and 
f,nd oul aboul lhe sc,ence 01 energy lIow . 
Every Friday in USB JOSOA. 1 30 P m Free 10 
all . Call 155-0816 lor lurlher ,nformaloon . 
(10/29, 
ATTENTION REVELLE SENIORS: If you're 
In terested in helping with your s(l<ing 

. graducatlon pick up an appllcal ion In lhe 
Revell e Communily Cen,er or l he Provost 
01l Ice · I '0122, 

kousiNG 
M rmale 10 share 2 bdrm house PB, grad 
sluderit . nonsmoker. Call 488·1947 eves. & 
wkends . ll0127) 

2 nonsmoking houeemates wanled for 
spacious 3 br houae in Clm!. w Icanyon "'_ 
$100& 1J3utils 292·0213. PerSISI. (10 /22, 

Female rmmate needed 10 share 2 bdrm apl . 
P.B. 590 & util. Call 27().().46() .ft . 9 p .m. 

Female roommate wanled for 5-bdrm. beach 
fronl home . 1301 mo. In Del Mar. 75&-8230 or 
755-8236 (10 / 27) 

Room In communal houae In Hillcrest ne;or 
park with" 01 her people Il10. mo plus uHlllies 
299-5909 (10/25) 

SCIENCE 
OF 'MIND 

come and hear 
Rev. Dr. JolIn J. w_ 

on 

" let's talk Ibaut 

ourhlllth " 

,This Sunday 1 0 :45am 

. . 

1971> 
Sounds 

~IOn 

AM 
."tlil/l1 ... 
. ~ 
..... 

<B 

triton tiDlt8 . 

·r 

rfs~Sp~pc1:' 
6.98 

OUR REG. 
T ICKET PRIC E 

4.96 

I _I (I 'i'rs'p~~PC~' L • ( C Tlg~K~~~9cE 5.97 

t976 
Sound, 
beslon 

AM 
kif IIIUI'I 

. ~ 

PETER fltAMPTON 
Frampton Comes Alive! 
PI" '" FI Ompl()ll~ 2 rMOId wi 
Il'O' \0 " Op::UI With 0"<''1' 0 
00, • .." d, .. ploy~ol "' (Of'WCII 

BUT HURRY- SALE ENDS WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 3, 
'11~Uqlhl 2 11( 0IID SIT V4 II/l .... I l' 

GINO VANNELLI 
The Gi$l of The G emini 
New C",o VoI·netl. ~on9!ao 
(lIR'O.,,'9 III 0 doulu'9 Cmo 
VonncUI Sill lei 

" 
.-

GATO BARBIERI 
Ca liente 
11M.' ""1" ' ( 11101,IJol,hUIfI IO!aoI 
lunqa I II PUI'\ ,I~'~ UIII IIIJI'II 
t" ,h"." 1",IUlI A"''''' 

1414 Gamet AWlnu.· 
Pacific Bach 

6335 EI c.ton Blvd. 
SMDieID 

THE P O THERS JOHN SON 
look Out For III - • 
'Ix' ./ohnM)tl\ w>!./I JOlt fll~lon~ 
tll~1 II,liodv<:cd by Qu" .. v Jonc\ 
IW)W (Qf1Iv 0('9"»' OIl lhe" OWII 

CHUCK MANGIONE 
.. 110 • • 0 
fUl ' '''·. \" . pIOtO IIOIi of ,n.... 
eJr.IIl·\I, 01 11I11 'II"'Ot' .. . hOl 
111)",,. bot 'I. 0"1,· 0 A,'\o 'WJIOI'-.' IIOtk> 
" .... ,,1. " ,"P br.IIKI' . l' 

39th & University 
s.nOIeID 

PIIu EI C.mlno Real 
C.rJabaci 

CAPTAIN I TENNILLE 
Song of Jo, 
ItlC,f IOl ~'1 ttl(hJO(..-' Ih<- h,l\ 
lonel., Noghl A''9cl fCKc 
500p At()\/,·d MU!ao~'ollo",u 

JOAN BA EZ 
GuJf Wind s 
I .. """ ~j . 'h ., 11 ..... " I'N 
4"" """"'''''01" tJ, .... , \ I ."~"JOI I"'1!-'dI\ I, ,. 
.I'·....st .. 'I ·· ..... 

RtCHIE HAVENS 
The .End ; f Th'e Beginnin9 
It .. 0 new fl"fU 0 1 ~I(.Ifqf lOf 
R.,hu' Ho"'OOl"t H,~ A&M deb, .1 
,pul~I~' ~,th cndl~\ .. "1Oq" I 

CAT STEVENS 
Greatest Hit s. 
All Ill., '11('1.11 ~1I 1 .. n .. ,W" (Jlh .. " 
f\_'Ot.., Iru. I "},' lI)1,.,t1tO(k.~ .. 
\" ,ld\Vu, h! A,.o"",·' '.:»ul',fllll,. 

N'ql,1 u.M.1 "lQill O\(Il I 

Parkway Plaza East 
EI Cajon 

485 Fifth Avenue 
Chula YlstJJ 

l.T D. 
lovo To The World 
A ... II .... .lI t " 11" t 

I of" ,I" "'ifl.I,." 
I " Hoot '!" 

THE OZARK MOUNTAIN 
DAREDEVi l S 
Men From Eorth 
II .. 0,. "' .. 1_ .I f U .. ... ".ho 
.. ~·i 'I.t .. , · I" .otj·, I . ,. II tI. 

.·"01 .. ' 1., , 1 t· fl' .... 

4344 Convoy Street 
Kearny Mesa 

Minion Valley Center 
Mission Valley 

. ... 

Pace7 • 

QUINCY JONES 
I Hoard That ! 

" 

A ,~'1 1I1! .. l,>''''I,joj, ,,,, .· 0 , ., 
1I1t'o1l1' lw, .... "',,!ft., . .,. let.. ." oj 
U h...·~1 ,I bvu" .. ' 
1 RECOIt'D SEt l .... HiT .... ' '8 

CARPENTERS 
A K,nd of Hv.h 
"\"" I '1., ,-..,. 

I ' I 1 
"~ ..• 11K· I. 
,,,, . 

NAD I A 'S T H EM E 
&tt ,'I' o-.V"" I)'O .. 
",,""1'1' 11011 . ... I-
Alto"'" '''' I' .... , .• , 

{t.~,.h& (~-:;~," . 
"" ... ,1.1. , .'" I'" ''1110 
,.II ,,, .. ,,, 

Grossmont Center 
La Mew 

1702 E st Valley Parkway 
Escondido 

.. 



Scott Sadil 

triton time8 .' 

UCSD· Women's Field 
Hockey Wins Forfeit 

by Dave Cohen "We've had trouble establishing 
Staff Writer a team", says coach Gola. She's 

A shorta f players marred the afraid girls are thinking of last 
field hockey game between UCSD year when many players were 

Come on, now. and Mesa CoUege Wednesday as discouraged. "This year's nothing 
I mean, really. NobOdy said that running cross country had to be a the Olympians arrived with only ' like last year. We've still got 

social happening, but this is ridiculous. Oh, sure, rwming is a very nine women and were forced to twelve games to go 80 I wish mare 
solitary and individualistic sport, and it's you, and you alone that forfeit the contest. girls would · come out. II She's so 
determines how good you are at it. I've heard all the lines. "No one passes UCSD was hardly over-stocked desper;lte for players, she was 
to you. and no blocks for you." And even if you run with other people you as they had just eleven players, the trying to recruit two girls watching 
are still aU alone, running by yourself because it's your own legs and feet minimum number required to field the game from the sidelines- the 
and lungs and heart and whatever else it takes to keep you moving, even a team. The Tritons also played Mesa coach even put in a word for 
your mind is tripping in its own private world, and you could be with a with thl'ee players that were her. 
thousand Boston Marathoners but you would still be running all by your wielding sticks for the first time Sch ·d 
lonesome. this year. nel er ... 

But does a runner have to always do it completely alone? All the time? Despite the forieit, the game was "If we don't support the Council, 
Not just in meets, but to meets, and in practices, and to the locker room? played. UCSD lost, 2~. Inex- how can it support the struggle for 
You have to admit that tea~ meetings cannot be very exciting if there is perience showed. Besides co- Third College, Step 2?" he asked. 
only one person in attendance. captains Robin Ballinger and Schneider satd he can only work 

Bilt, I guess if a person wants to compete for a cross country team and - Camille Cacas, the team is com- with the Coop if they refuse any 
there's no one else going out, then they are just going to have to put up posed basically of rookies. Goalie attempt to endorse the abolition of 
with a lot of lonely running. Kathy Connors was playing for SBPC. But he estimated that a 

At least Dorothy Houston never had to worry about making UCSDs only t~e sec~nd time in her life. " significant number of Coop 
woman's cross country team. She is it. The first hme was Monday. members want the council 

This past Ttie~day I told [)erothy Houston that I would like to run with .Actu.ally. she performed w~ll, a~olished,," and added. " I don't 
her, at least as long as I could keep up, sol could find out something about consldermg ~hat most of the action thmk that s ~hat the entire stUdent 

FrIday, Odober a, 1J1I 

--

-

-
"-
... .. -----

• The euthentic besebaU dert Ierne 
• Enjoy ell the thrills of reel baseball 

ril'" et home . . . form teems . .. 
keep score. 

• The dert boerd is the strike zone. 
• You " pitch" the derts tor strikes. 

tlys and lround outs, pick·offs end 
double pleysl 

• Not a toy. Strike·Out is eccurately 
scaled to mejor I"aue proportions. 

• Stnke·Out cornel tomplete with 
self seelina dartboerd, 6 brllS 
bodIed derts. instructions, and 
Simple score sheets. 

• "S Indoor Madel for Dart Buff, 
throw from 9 '. $12.95 post peid. 

113.95 ... t of Rocki •• 
C.llforni. , .. ldents .dd St. Tax 

• #4 Outdoor Model most like 
Basebell, throw from 15'. 
$15.95 post paid. • 

116.95 ... t of Rockl •• 
C.mor"l. residents add St. T •• 

Send neme and address with 
check or moneY, order to: 
Strike·Out. DePartment C 
Box 2910 • Pludene, CA 91105 her sole membership of the woman's cr~s country team. took place m front of the UCSD _ body .wants. 

We met by the Muir Field bleachers. I am not a runner and my vintage goal, as she w~s forced to make • .--~-.,... --------------:.---------, 
1963 old-man bathing suit and ragged Stan Smith tennis shoes did not do many saves while the Mesa offense Fhotouraphic Supplies 
much to help my act. peppered the goal. . ..,.- . 

Dorothy Houston, on the other hand, looks just like you would expect a In fact the defense did rather 
distance runner to look like. She has one of those long slender bodies that well on the whole. It had to .. The 
legs don't mind carrying around. And her legs stretch down from the off ens? wa~ unable . to domm~te 
waist, not from the hips (like mine), so when she finishes each stride the play. You re stand~ng,,,watchmg 
jolt is absorbed by the entire body instead of pounding into each separate them get to the ball first , ber~ted 
leg. The way my legs work I think I lose a quarter of an inch every time I c~ch L~nn, G?la at half-tune. 
run a mile. Th!Jlgs d1?n t get ~tter; Mesa 

I was also a bit concerned about the ear-to-ear grin on Houston 's face . scored their ~wo ~oals m the second 
Was it saying " I'm going to run circles around you, kid"? half : Consldenng they were 

As we started off she told about how she first started running. "We lived playmg two . players short, t~e 
by a track and one day I wanted to see how many times I could run around MeS? team did rather wel~ . Their 
it. After five laps I decided running was something I liked to do." goa be ~as superb, makl~g ex-

After we passed Third College, I could tell. cellent kick saves and keepmg the 
Houston explained how she now trains in order to have more fun while ball away from the Mesa goal. 

running. " If you're in shape you can just take off running for long Art' 
distances and have a nice time. Running is not really a sport. Your body ••• 
just feels so good when it is working hard and you can relax and let your that the many aspects of individual 
mind clear." identity, such as self-image and 

It sQunded good in theory , but the thu-thwnp! thu-thwnp! in my head goals , are related to models that 
didn't exactly feel like a new dawn. function consciously and un-

So why compete in meets? I asked. " You do better when you go against consciously through many types of 
other people, there's the excitement, and you get to see other talent." metaphors, symbols, and myths in 

Having to continually look back over her shoulder in order to talk to me, real life. Her own name is adopted 
Houston kindly headed us back towards Muir Field. As we finished frllm a movie star, a mythical 
running she said, "Usually working out with the men's team isn't too bad. figure in our C'ulture. 
I just wish I could run with them, instead of behind them. " The exhibit will be displayed 

I know just what she means. through October 3!. 
UCSD Def·ft ..... ~ P in Lorna 
All-Cal Soccer Here This· Weekend 

All-Cal tournaments," explained 

Discount 
Prices 

Expert Service 

Darkroom 
Supplies 

Quality Equipment 

Bob Davis ('anlPra Shop 
~~ I ~ LI\ • La .Iolla ,-,'1- ~ ::Jl 

Tickets on Sale in Scuba Club Office in the Main Gym 
Sponsored by UCSD Sea-Deucer Scuba Club The UCSD soccer team tuned up 

for its host role in this weekend's 
All-Cal soccer tournament by 
shutting out Point Lorna Wed-

nesday,5~. 

Allen Cox and Alfonso Gonzales 
continued to lead the Tritons of-
fensively as they each booted two 
goals in the match. Jairo Marin 
scored the other UCSD goal. 

Rothmuller, " is physical survival, '='_;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;:;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;:;;:;;:;;;;;;;:;;. 
not so much soccer skills. We don't I 

The Tritons had little trouble 
defeating the Crusaders. The 
UCSD defense limited Point Loma 
to very few scoring chances while 
the Tritons matched the goals-per-
game total that they aim for in 
each match. 

Goalies Doug Youngdale and 
Hans Landell combined for the 
Tritons' first shutout of the season. 

Somethin' 
gO<1 is 
always 
CO{,kin' 

The Tritons remain undefeated 
in league competition. 

Coming into the All-Cal tour-
nament, UCSD coach Ilan Roth-
muller is more concerned with how 
his team will hold up physically for 
the two days, rather than how it 
matches up in ability with the other 
UCschools. 

"The main problem with these 

;You'll enjoy 
Samho's: v Any 
time, day or 

night • . 

have a very big squad, and with 
Carlos Ponte hurt, Russ Crane 
nursing a cold, and several players 
with exams Friday, I might have to 
play in some of the games. It 

The Tritons open the tournament 
at 9:30 this morning on Muir field 
by facing UCLA, always one of the 
strongest college soccer teams in 
the nation. 

·Games will be played all day 
Friday and Saturday on both Muir 
and Matthews fields. 

Always Open 

Jut off the Carmel Valley Rd. offramp on 1-5 
481-0305 

in Del Mar 

UCSD STudENTS 
-SAVE MONEY, TiME, PARkiNG SpACE-

Buy OR RENT . 
CAMPlJS CoMMlfFER5 

AvAilAblE AT 

,C i A 0 • Fox i • JAW A 
2226 AVENidA dE LA PlAYA 

LA JollA ShOIlU 
10AM-6pM TuudAY Thall SuNdAY 

CIOHd MONdAY 4'4-'882 

! ~---~-:';;'~R-~:~-----
! ANd Oil wm. puaCIlAH of NEW'" I 
L. COllpo" __ - - _______________ COIIpoN-J 

I 


