
Colby: CIA 
PhDs, Not 
Spies Today 

by WeDdeD P. Hamlltoo 
Copy Editor 

In an attempt to clarify both the 
role of intelligence in foreign af-
fairs and its compatibility with 
American society, fonner Central 
Intelligence Agency director 
William Colby presented a terse 
evaluation of the agency and its 
activities last Friday night at San 
Diego State University before a 
near-capacity crowd, despite 
frequent interruptions from thirty 
to forty vociferous protesters. 

Emphasizing the massive 
changes in American attitudes 
toward intelligence, Colby stated, 
"Due to Watergate and Vietnam, 
Americans came to the realization 
that no part of the government 
could operate independently of 
American law." He added that 
changed within the structure of the 
intelligence organization 
facilitated adaptation to changing 
technology that " changed the face 
of intelligence so that the precision 
and scope of our knowledge makes 
everything that went before a 
totally different proportion." 

Colby histdricaDy assessed the 
role of intelligence in shaping the 
attitudes prevalent today con-
cerning spies. Citing Biblical 
examples -and American colonial 
tactics utilized to accwnulate 
infonnation, Colby stressed that 
"thirty years ago, intelligence 
consisted mainly of spies. We now 
sport more Ph.D's than the 
faculties of most major univer-
sities. Academic research is an 
essential and principle part of 
modern intelligence." 

Colby outlined the evolution of 
American intelligence since the 
post-WWII era, beginning with the 
consolidation of the intelligence 

Continued on Page 9 

Taking a break /rom studies, this skateboarder eases through the jog 
somewhere on Matthews Campus . [IT Photo: Chris Sherman] 

Carter Advisor Predicts 
Heroin Decriminalization 
(Zodiac News Service )-In what is likely to cause more than a few 
pOlitical repercussions, Jimmy carter's top. ~ aftd -health advisor 
predicts that heroin use will be decriminalized in the United States. 

Dr. Peter Bourne, a top Carter campaign organizer, says that 
momentum is building for the removal of all criminal penalties for heroin 
use, and that it is now impossible to reverse this trend. 

Bourne, who is also a consultant to the US Drug Abuse Counsel, stresses 
that he is not calling for heroin decriminalization, which he terms a 
"politically charged issue." 

However, in an interview with the prominent Journal of Addiction 
Research, Bourne. maintains that heroin use is no more of a health hazard 
than cigarette smoking or drinking. He states that " the heroin addict 
should be treated the same as someone with lung cancer. Both are drug 
casualties and the person with lung cancer should not be viewed as more 
socially desirable than the person needing treatment for the effects of 
using heroin." 

Bourne says the greatest problems from heroin use today arises from 
the fact that it is illegal, which results in smack trafficking, corruption of 
police officers and the willingness of junkies to commit violent crimes for 
their fix. 

Fear and Loathing of Fungus 

Coop Support Group 
Heads to be Elected 

by Dorothy Houston 
Staff Writer 

Campus-wide committee ap-
pointments. Statewide University 
of California matters. Allocation of 
student fees. Relations with 
students and staff. 

Many of the vital day-to-day 
functions of the Student 
Cooperative Union are handled by 
small groups of students working 
together in Support Groups. At 
tonight's Coop meeting - at 6:30 in 
the Student Center's North Con-
ference Room-coordinatorships 
for this year's Support Groups will 
be elected, with all UCSD students 
eligible to vote. 

The nominees participated in a 
press conference last Tuesday and 
discussed their ideas and 
qualifications. 

Recurrent themes expressed by 
the nominees were student in-
volvement, influence and power in 
the actions that affect them, the 
quality of an undergraduate 
education at UCSD, and concerns 
with the direction of the 
Cooperative. 

The support groups, their pur-
poses and the nominees: 

Appointments and Evaluations 
Handles appointments to Coop 

positions and campus wide com-
mittees. 

Mark Ffngerman: He feels his 
history as last year's and the 
current A&E coordinator, makes 
him qualified to continue in the 
post. Fingerman is concerned with 
being responsive to student con-
cerns and would like to continue 
the activit!es he is currently 
working on,-which include a plan to 
provide payment for student 
members of campus-wide com-
mittees. 

John Couture: He believes that 
A&E, in order to make evaluations, 
should be a central point of in-
formation on all support group 
activities. Couture says he wants to 
unify the total body of aU support 

groups. 
External Affairs 

Deals with local off campus and 
Ron Bee: 
He was a co-founder of the Coop 

in 1974 and therefore feels he un-
derstands this " very progressive" 
alternative to government. Bee is 
concerned with the Coop's 
directions and with the trends of 
undergraduate educations . 
Additionally, he feels the regents 
have "lost sight of what an un-
dergraduate education is. 
stateWIde affairs. 

Andy Schneider: 
He is current Coordinator of 

External Affairs. He feels he has 
learned a lot from participating in 
the Coop, and asks the voters to 
look at his efforts thus far. He says 
he has done his best to trouble 
shoot problems and to make 
himself available to the students 
and to college councils. 

Mass Media 
Contacts media groups on 

campus about Coop activities . 
Leslie Lambert, The sole con-

tender for this post, was not at the 
present conference. 

Academic Affairli 
Deals with student's academic 

lives. 
Rob Norberg 

Student Activity Fee 
Support Group 

Allocates the $6-per quarter 
Student Activity Fee. 

Peter Schneider: He feels a fair 
allocation of the fee would enhance 
all student activities, and points to 
his experience in high school-
where he participated in the 
allocation of $6O,OOO-as evidence 
that he would do a good job. 
Sehr •• uer says he would direct his 
eff cts toward student control of 
student fee allocations, and work 
fnr no administrative regula~ons . 

Susan Karpinski : Her primary 
goal as Coordinator would be to 
make the support group com-
pletely autonomous. She says she 

Continued on Page 9 

A Journey into the Heart of the Special Collections 
by Alan Ru.seU 

News Editor 
Few people fear Silverfish, 

mildew, bookworIru!, changing 
temperatures and paper 
deterioration, but then few 
people have charge over pieces 
of literature dating back to 1297. 

Ronald Louis Silveira de 
Braganza and Lauren Brown, 
from their high cement fortress 
on the eighth floor of the Central 
Ubrary, are guardians to the 
tomes of the past. They are the 
hosts of Latin poetry, of comic 
books, of (irst edition Defoe's, 
and of 1956 Playboys. 

They are in charge of UCSD's 
Department of Special 
Collections. 

GuardedToan 
It's not hard to believe de 

Braganza, the Director of 
Special Collections, when he 
says that each day is 
" stimulating and challenging." 
Well-at least it's not hard to 
believe him after a guided 
(guarded) tour, and being able 
to see that which is held in 

lal CoUections. 

Walkuig down the book heavy 
aisles one can find first editions 
of Gulliver's Travels, Moby 
Dick, Robinson Crusoe, the 
Diary of Samuel Pepys, 
National Geographic Magazine 
and Rolling Stone just to name a 
few. Witness the 1935 book 
written in German about 
Adolph HiUer complete with 
hundreds of pasted "glossies." 
Fifteenth century Bibles pre-
King James can he seen with aU 
their impressive illustrations 
and gold plating. And then there 
are the thousands of ever 
present political pamphlets 
from defunct (and existing) 
groups ranging from the 
Commtmists to the Fascists to 
the anarchists. Finally, there's 
a vast assortment of 
paraphernalia that includes 
such things a8 pulp magazines, 
old maps, underground 
newspapers, paintings and 
parchments. sUver shoebuckles 
worn on Bunker Hill, a 
ceremonial key to Camp 
MattheWi (Marine Corp base), 
and even Harold Ure 's solid 

gold Noble Prize medal. 
"And the thing is," said de 

Braganza, "many people have 
been on campus for a long time 
and th(:y still have no idea 

. what's up here." Even de 
Braganza isn't sure of how 
many books Special Collections 
contains, explaining that, 

"we've always been growing Fire-proof walls house the 
these past 10 years. If I had to books, and there is a special 
guess I'd say at least 50,000." vault which holds the 

Making up that sizable "priceless." The need to be on 
volume of books is a wide range the alert in protecting books has 
of separate special collections been evidenced in the past when 
that span a myriad of topics and devout followers of the 
times. From the Renaissance Theosophical Society and 
Collection to the Modem Poetry Mormon religion have at-
Archives, from Theosophy to tempted to eradicate certain 
Utopia to pornography (said to passages from. some old books 
be "tasteful"), one can find the which they believe hannful to 
old, the unusual, and the exotic. their faith. 

Protect die Books Even behind the locked doors 
Noting. that one of the main where the books remain there 

reasons for the Special is a need for another kind of 
Collections Department is to "protection" - that of main-
"provide protection" for rare taming th (luality of the works. 
book ,de Braganza detailed the Librairan Lauren Brown noted 
many safeguards that have the const&nt effort to maintain 
been instituted. " While the tempe~alure and humidity, 
everyone can have access to the and said that, " right now we're 
books, they have to go through tudying the ventilation system • 
our staff and specify what they to work out a bett r metfiod, a I 
want to see. This eliminates more con ist nt way to 
th ft. Our reading room allows maintain 8 con tant 72 
only pencils to be used for range." Pr ntly all window 
making notes, and we have a hav been It pecially h d d" 
diligent staff poSitioned aU to prevent un damage to th 
around to make sure books ar book • and additionally th re 

__________ treated in =8 ____ _"_'-----'-..;..;; ______ oottnuect on Pa e C 



..... I tritOD De8 

r{ 
JOI.fNNY ATOM- sno 

Environmentalists Optimistic About 
Nuclear Initiative Ratification 

by Jeff Sore ... 

(CPS) - Despite heavyweight opposition, e~ 
virorunerUlists acl'QllS the nation are optimistic 
that ' voters in some states will ratify stringent 
safeguards aimed at preventing nuclear accidents. 

Citizens in Ohio, Colorado, Washington, Arizona, 
Oregon and Montana will vote this November on 
ballot initiatives that would require a review of 
safety measures at new nuclear power plants. 
Under these proposals, new plants could b!! built 
only after receiving approval from state 
legislatures. 

Proponenta <i nuclear flaioll argue that the 
measures would be an "unwarranted interference" 
in the country's drive for self-sufficiency In energy. 

The environmentalists contend that the existing 
plants constitute a health threat. They say that the 
highly lethal waste products created in nuclear 
power facilities cannot be permanently contained 
by any present method of storage or dumping. 
Amtng the waste products are radioactive su}). 
stances that remain dangerous for thousands of 
years. 

"How can anyone say they are sure we can 
protect people from these substances for centures to 
come," said a spokeswoman for Oregonians for 
Nuclear Safeguards. "How can we know that the 
U.S. government is going to be around for hWldreds 
of years to guarantee safety ... I think the public is 
beginning to realize that for their own safety and the 
safety of their children and their children's 
Children, they've got to do something now before 
there are power plants in or near every major city 
in the country." 

Opponents of the ball"t proposals argue that the 
conservationists' worries are mostly imaginary. 

Coloradans Against Amendment Three say that 

nuclear wastes are manageable and that the 
amendment would cutback energy production and 
raise utility rates. The group also points out that DO 
fatality has been proved caused by a nuclear ac-
cident. 

All the nuclear initiatives under consideration are 
very similar. They require legislative review to 
determine that safety systems in nuclear plants 
have been successfully tested on operating reactors 
and that there are safe metbodl for the disposal of 
wastes. The owners ~ the facilities would also have 
to assume full financial responsibillty for the 
consequences of a mishap. 

Some of the ballot proposals would also require 
that public headngs be held before the legislative 
action. 

" There's tremendous concern about nuclear 
plants in California and the West," said Rick 
Morgan of the Environmental Action Foundation in 
Washington, D.C. "Movements have SprWlg up in a 
number of states, and sooner or later one of these 
proposals is going to pass." 

In fact, efforts have been pmde to put nuclear 
initiatives on the ballot in aboUt 18 states, according 
to Richard Jones of the Resources, Land Use and 
Energy Committee of California. 

Most environmentalists predict that efforts in 
their states will do better than California's 
PropoSition 15 which was defeated by voters by a 
two-tcrone margin last summer. 

They said that three legislative bills, passed just 
before the June election in California, included 
"much of what conservationists wanted" and cut 
deeply into public support for the initiatives. They 
also explained that the California proposal included 
a requirement to phase out existing plants if they 
didn't meet standards. This provision provoked 
criticism and cut into support as well, they said. 

Overseers' Use of Student Parking Criticized 
Once again, the other day, in mostly businessmen, who meet 

the midst of my now usually with the Chancellor to discuss the 
harried search for a parking space, 
I ran up against the most obvious 
symptom of a University malady 
called " Board of Overseers" - the 
guard-enforced closing of a large 
chunk of student parking. 

Admittedly, my feelings toward 
this approximately bi-quarterly 
" Board" are colored by jealousy-
their possession of what is nor-
mally my parking space, and also 
the fact that they deserve such 
lavish and attentive care from my 
administration. (After all, the cost 
of keeping a University guard out 
there for a good ')()rtion of the day 
is not negligible; most likely 
neither is the discomfort and 
boredom of the man who has to sit 
out there.) 

The Chancello" has never seen 
fit to meet with m (or with that 
guard, for that matter) over a 
catered brunch and discuss my 
ideas about the University, and I'd 
imagine this awlies to most of us 
who fill the lowest echelons of the 
educational institution. 

Jealousy aside, though, who are 
the "Board of Overseers" (and 
wby do they go by a name so 
connotative of oppression)? I have 
heard rumor that they are a group 
of "prominent" San Diego citizens, 

University's relationship with and 
impact upon the surrounding 
community (UCSD being a very 
important San Diego land 
holder/money spender) . 

I have also heard rumor that 
very interesting advanced 
University plans sometimes are 
discussed at these meetings, many 
of which might have very lucrative 
side benefits, though I wouldn't go 
so far as to say this actually 
happens, not being an investigative 
reporter or D.A. or anything. 

(addendum: What about the less 
"prominent" citizens who might be 
affected by uom, or might have 
valuable input?) 

On a more mundane level again, 
why can't some arrangements be 
made for these meetings which 
puts less of a strain on the already 
oversold parking facilities of the 
campus? (suggestions : using "A" 
spaces, which are the most in 
excess; parking off-campus and 
shuttling; public transportation) 

It would also be nice to know why 
the oversold condition exists in the 
first place ; why the overflow lot 
isn't lighted at night; why "A" 
spaces are in such relative 
abundance, and why one should 
have to pay fifty dollars a year for 
the privilege' of walking half 
a mile to class. 

BLAISE TOBIA 
VIS. ARTS GRAD 

triton times 
David EIMn • Eo_I ... edftor 

Mark Stadler - .......... ed"or 
Alen Ausoell . ..... ed, ... 

Alec Nadel""n -"""'a N_ aclMor 
Vera TOdorow - Co<Nftun'1y editor 

Ran Anbar - OpInion ed"or 
James G. Soto • A(h.II'8I"II M ...... 
Becky DeVinney - P_1on _n .... 

Wendell P. Hwnllton · Copy ed"or 
Joel C. 000 • Aa-ea" ..... ed"Of 

Scotl Seem - SpoIl. ed ..... 
Tim M.cKenz Ie - All. ed"or 

Bill Brooks · ",",Io"tor 

Letters to the Editor 

Affirmative Action-
Too Many Side Effects 
I too have a feeling II. uneasiness about affirmative action - In par-

ticular, what seems \0 me a general assumption that it ia now a per-
manent tool II. public policy. 

It is clear that the historical situation of minorities and women in our 
country has made our profession of equal opportunity for all ring pretty 
hollow. Further, it seems unlikely to me that mere gentle persuasion 
could have affected a remedy in any finite amount of time. Yet, I submit 
that this program iB terribly strong medicine, and like many potent cures 
for disease, it carried witb it the danger of grave side-effects. 

The particular slde-effect that I belleve may accompany too much 
affirmative action Is that of addiction. We have taken what is for this 
country a very unusual step - that of singling out certain groups of special 
privilege on the grounds that this Is only a fair recompense for past 
deprivations. 

The origlnalintent was surely that this should be temporary, yet I am 
deeply skeptical of the chances for that being so. What group, having once 
beccme accumstomed to the beady experience of being granted first 
place in line, and by legal fiBt at Ulat, could ever be expected to step aside 
one day, having decided that it has now had enough? 

What ~, indeed, has been given to the problem of deciding when 
affirmative action baa done ita Job? What criteria will be uaed? Should it 
be' terminated when minorities and women occupy aU pr<iesaions in 
proportion to their numbers, or when it can somehow be detennlned that 
no person Is denied the opportunity <i a pr<iession on account of sex or 
race? 

I have heard it argued frequently that the very difficulty ~ detennlning 
whether we have achieved general fairness of opportunity makes it 
necessary to retain the main features of affirmative action indefinitely, 
as a kind of insurance. 

I disagree strongly. 
The program, however laudable its objectives, contains too much 

compulsion, and if we become used to it once, it becomes much easier to 
give up even more personal freedom in the interest of a greater social 
good. The logical end of this chain of reasoning is well known. 

Such arguments are not essentially different from an opinion finnly put 
forth by a peace officer friend of mine a month or so ago. He argued that 
the only way this COWltry can save itself from communists is to remove 
two or three items from the Bill of Rights. Good people wouldn't have a 
thing to fear, of course. 

My plea, to summarize, is that we should at least be aware of the real 
dangers inherent in such strongly enforced social action programs, and 
look forward to terminating them when they seem to have accomplished 
their purposes, or to have moved us Significantly in the right direction . 

I am not actually convinced that the time has arrived yet in the case of 
affirmative action, but it will, and when it does, we ought to have the 
nerve to turn it off. 

In the spirit of being unwilling to free ten criminals in order not to 
convict an innocent person, we should be willing to tolerate a few bigots to 
insure freedom to most people. 

RALPH H. LOVBERG 
PROFESSOR, PHYSICS 

SOUR NOTES 
Where do You Starrl on DNA Research? 

To uum CommWlity Scien-
tists : 

I am writing an article for San 
Diego (North County) Living 
Magazine about Recombinant 
DNA Research at UCSD and the 
opinions of members of the 
UCSD community concerning 
the issues sutrOlDlding it. 

If the article were written 
today, I would write that the 
UCSD community completely 
endorses such research. Please 
contact me if you have serious 
reservations about or 
arguments against Recom-
binant DNA Research. 

I want to truly state the 
opinion at U~D. Call San Diego 
(North County) Living (453-
0340) and leave your name and 
phone number with Becky 
Brown and I will contact youn. 

STEPHEN LEEPER 

A Reply to Phil Simone 
An open letter to Phil Simone : 
We should give fools like you 

750 mikes of acid and tum you 
loose in the woods. 

JOHN 1.. ~EMIR.JIAN 

KSDT Fails-Again 
lf October 10th's concert was 

any example of KSDT's 
operating efficiency, I can see 
why the radio station Is falling. 
An audience drawn by Ragtime 
pianist Bob Long was subjected 
to more than three hours (we 
finally left at 11 pm) of delays 
and rock music-mostly, delays. 

KSDT evidently needs more 
than fWlds to get it goin8. I'd 
sure like to hear some 
ragtime .•• 

LESLIE FISHER 

The Triton Times Is published by UCSD studenll ••• n ollieial lIudenl _speper. 
Publication I. on Monda~ . WtKIr-ollYa ."d Fridays during ,he regular ocMol ysw 
(except on ollieial holidays) . Edllorl.1 and b ... h_ ollk'.ee .,. loc.IeCI In ttll Sluelenl 
Center .. the Unlvwslly of Callfornl • • s.n Diego. For edilorili. uti 45~~; 'or bu ...... 
and dlsplllY _Ising . call 4!52-~. --

Letters 10 lhe editor Ind opinion cotum", a,. _loomed. AI'lubmllllona mual be IV"",,, 
anddoubl .. apeoad on I 74-spaoe line. Thayehould nolbCHd ' .1/21MQft In langlh. 

Submilled malerial musl be.,he"..,. and .Iudent klanlMlaillon number oIlhe ''1Il00 . 
Nom. can be withheld from pubilailion on reqUWI ; howrfer the ~ will be held on IlIe 
lor publiC Inspection. 

The Triton Tlmea __ lhe rlghl 10 adlllUbmlaalona t.:aUM of spat.llmll8tlon. or 
alyle requlr_lI. • • 

EnU,. contents copyrlgllllll7&. the T,"on Tlma • . 

MIDday, aet.ber 11, 1J7I triton times 

More Letters 
. 

Illegal Aliens Deserve to Stay TT. Classifieds 
Imaqine--Only 25C In regard to the article (TT citizens? 10/13) in which Jeff Fenton He says it is because "they are 

maintained that "megal aliens, not US citizens." 
since they are not US citizens, do My question would be better 
not deserve any of the rights phrased: Why are US citizens so 
guaranteed to US citizens by the special? If US citizens deserve 
Constitution. Rather, our economy, rights and privileges that others do 
our taxpayers, and millions of not, then we might just as well say 
unemployed US citizens deserve blacks are inferior to whites, Jews 
the jobs and money which illegal do not deserve to live, and kings 
aliens are stealing," I would like to have a divine, right. How can we 
ask the question: say that illegal aliens, because of 

Why do the aliens not deserve their place of birth, do not deserve 
any of the rights guaranteed to US the rights that US citizens enjoy? 

* * * Regarding "illegal" aliens, I think Emma Lazarus and her friend the 
Statue of Liberty put it best; 

"Give me your tired, your poor, 
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, 
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore; 
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed, to me : 
I lift my lamp beside the golden door." 

But then maybe times have changed ... 

MATT ffiNTON 

.* * * 

, 

~ 
I 

The commentary " Illegal Aliens 
Pose Threat to US" by Jeff Fenton 
is subtley saturated in Americana. 
The beckoning lady at the foot of 
the New York Harbor says, "Give 
me your poor, your tired, your 
huddled masses," but ever since 
the thundering hordes of Irish, 
Italian, Chinese, and other im-
migrants had the audacity to take 
her message seriously, Americans 
have tried to turn them back, all in 
the name of keeping America for 
Americans. 

There is now a new group, the 
Mexican alien, seeking entt')' into 
the promised land. Predictably, 
people such as Fenton, whose 
ancestors were probebly snug and 
cozy in Europe at the time these 
immigrants' ancestors were 
working the California soil, cry 
"Foul! America for Americans!" 

Fenton calUlot view these people 
as hwnan beings. He has the 
audacity to suggest that the im-
migrants have no rigtu Wlder the 

t 

-J 

Umstitution; that the Constitution 
safeguards the rights of American 
citizens only. Not only is he legally 
incorrect (according to the law, a 
person's lack of citizenship cannot 
~ used in court) but his statement 
has the horrendous connotation 
that only Americans are created 
equal (Le. superior) . 

Then, in a final display of 
Americana, Fenton places money 
over individuals, capitalism over 
humanity, by saying, " They will 
ruin our economy. " He admits that 
the alien is so devoted to his family 
that he Is willing to transplant 
himself into a strange culture and 
use his own sweat to do work so 
menial that Fenton would never 
think of degrading himself with the 
same job. But still, he places the 
economy of big business and 
capitallam, over the basic needS 
and rights of a human being. 

May God forgive him for that. 

DANIEL LEE SUA WLER 

The Declaration of Independence 
states: "all men are created equal 
... (and have) certain unalienable 
rights ... To secure these rights 
govenunents are instituted among 
men." The duty of a governmenti~ 
not to promote the welfare of "its 
people" at the expense of others. If 
all men are created equal, there 
can be no others. 

Personals 50c and Non Student Ads $1 

Only an individual can deserve 
something. Usually when we say 
someone is deserving, it is because 
they either need, or have earned, 
the thing they deserve. Who is 
more deserving - an illegal alien 
who may be hungry and working 
for $l.OOlhr. , or an American 
citizen who considers work for 
$l.OOIhr. to be "too degrading" -
an American can get more than 
that on unemployment. 

Only an individual can deserve 
something, and that something 
should come to him because he is a 
human being, and because of what 
he has done, not because of his 
birth. TONY ROY 

NOWFARN 

We are increasing the div-
idend because we '-Vant y'ou 
to transfer your savings to 
your credit union. The 
rapid growth of U .S .E . 
Credit Union allows the 
dividend to be increased. 
When you transfer your 
savings to the credit union , 
you help insure this rapid 

PER 
ANNUM-
ON 
REGUlAR 
U.S.E. 
SAVINGS 
Your University and 
Slale Employees Credil 
Union intende to pay 
you a full 6 % per an 
num· on regular sav-
ings for the quarte r 
beginnmg October 
fI r8l1 

growth and the continua· 
tion of e xtremely high re-
turns on your savings ... 
HIGHER THAN YOUR 
CURRENT BANK OR SAV-
INGS AND LOAN PASS-
BOOK ACCOUNT. So, help 
yourself to the BIG 6 % and 
help your University and 
State EInployees Credit 
Union grow. 

O( "'hi"' .... , . .. ,_oft boh c:'MII,' _. I,."" IIKI., " , ................... I, , ........... cr~ t"- .. y...... ........ . ... ,,,. u. [ c .. _,IJoo_ 
~HI "" ..... <1>< •• 1 ....... 1 ... '" '''1.''dM III....... .... II ...... ,._ ••.• _ ........... ~t~",. ...... " " ..... ' _II~ .... , ..... ~ 

lliJ~(]g 6NCUA 
University & Stale Employees Credit Union 

SDSU 
5191 College Ave. 
San Diego. Calif. 
(71 4) 286-4210. 

UC DAVIS 
Orchard Road 

Davis. Calif. 
(916) 752-1817. 

Levrs 

UCSD 
3100 Gilman Dnve 

La Jolla. Calif. 
(on Matthews Campus across 

from VA Hospital) 
(71 4) 453·5620 

San Dlevo 
5555 Mildred Street 
San Diego. California 

(71 4) 297·1838. 



..... 

2~% ff ' 
MAR IN 
GUITARS 

Ntlw un'i: Nnv . 15 
If you menrion this ad 

LA jollA 
Music 

1128 WAll ST. 
U JollA 4~9-JJ7~ 

The bigg !s1 selection 
anywhem. /n the most 
colors ar.d sizes. We've 
got it. All in one place. 
Ours. Fa:! into the Gap 
today. 

411ICOWVOY 
MISSION VALLEY 

Ubrary ... 
Breveaetian blinds for a"double 
proteCtion." Despite the efforts 
to control it, deterioration 
marches on, but de Braganza 
noted that they were "blessed" 
with a student who had unusual 
skills in refurbishing the works. 

One might think that the 
procuring of rare books is an 
expelL'live project, but It was 
stated by Brown that, "actually 
very little money is being spent 
with state funds ." A major 
reason for this can be attributed 
to a group of 1000 ardent 
bibliophiles calling themselves 
the "Friends of the UCSD 
Ubrary," who, in addition to 
making donatiolL'l to the library, 

triton tiDle8 

poets carried, they' will have the 
first edition or first publilhed 
poems of the future T.S. Eliots' 
or William Butler Yeats' . Better 
yet, they might even bave taped 
recordings of the poet, U vaal 
numbers of tapes are available 
of both "major" and "minor" 
poets of our age. These tapes, 
and other phonographs and 
recordings, are available for 
the listening of the general 
pubU<:, 

Another pursuit of the Special 
Collections Departme~ is the 
" resurrecting" of old works. 
"People don't know it, but we do 
a lot of publishing on ca~us, " 

Ronald Louis Siluefra de Bragnza ITT photo: Bill Brooks) 

also supply Special Collections 
with some very valuable books. 

"There are those books and 
collections which we do actively 
try to purchase or get," said de 
Braganza, " and the competition 
among libraries is pretty stiff at 
times. It's not that we'd murder 
to get something, but I can 
assure you there's quite a bit of 
gentlemanly annoyance when 
something we particularly want 
gets taken by another campus." 

New Poetry Archive 
One of the most unique and 

popular sections of Special 
Collections is the Archive for 

• New Poetry. In ambitiously 
attempting to' collect all poetry 
written in the English language 
since World War II, the archive 
has developed vast holdings in 
rare monographs and 
magazines, and also tapes and 
records of the poets. In contrast 
to the Special Collections 
Department which looks to the 
past, the Poorty Archives looks 
ahead to the future, content in 
knowing that of the over 1000 

Muir 

said de Braganza. "Generally, 
our books have been 
republications of historical 
works, but we hope to be getting 
into a more diversified range of 
things." 

"Enthusiastic" is the best 
word that describes de 
Braganza as he holds a 
beautifully gilded first edition 
book of a collected author with a 
double fore-edge (delicately 
colored paintings of individuals 
on the edge of the book pages). 
"This is ' the cream of the 
cream," said de Braganza. 
"How can I get stagnant in life 
with works like this around? 
This research library holds 
treasures that can be mairr 
tained for ages." 

For ages. It's interesting to 
wonder where we will be 25 
years from now. While touring 
the eighth floor I found in the 
Utopia Collection a book written 
in 1955 by Morris Ernst entitled 
Utopia 1976. 

Who says it's not fun to look 
back? 

Elections 
Upcoming 

Two Positions on Muir College Council 
Candidate Applications Available 

Committee Positions Open 
There will be an election held on Monday and Tuesdav. the 

25th and 26th of October. for 2 position. on the John Muir 
College Council. One position Is open onlV to members of this 
vear's Freshman CI .... the other to all Muir students. 
Applications .re avall.ble at the Muir Dean's oKlce and are due 
tneae DC lat.-r than 4 pm Thursdav. October 21st. 

There are alao student positions open on the following boards 
and committees: 

Parking Advisory Committee (I student) 
Student Center Board (1 student) 
Mu ir Judiciary Board (no limit) 
Student Financial Services (1 student) 
EOP (1 student) 
Muir Program Board (3 off-campus students) 
Student Special Events Committee ( I student) 
Muir Housing and Food Services (3 o ff-campus stud nts) 

Applications are In the Muir Deana office and are due no later 
than Thurad., October 28. Requirement. for aU poalUons are 
being a student In good atandlng of John Muir College. 

W~lte W~8les 
DQd 
Ot~er. 
M~IQor8blll8 

.... y.OdiberlJ, _ 

,~ 

.".~ \J o' • • • ~ f , 
... 

; 0 ) 
'), , .-
, 

tI 
by ~18Q Russell 

"Your ~on, Mr. Russell, should you decide to accept it, is to prevent 
the overthrow of the Regents. Of course, should you be caught, the UC 
Public Infonnation Office and President Saxon will disavow any 
knowledge of your actions. " . 

On the eucalyptus limb directly above my head I watched a mechanical 
bird a stool pigeon no doubt, begin to smoke. The taped message inside it fizz~, causing the metal bird to heat up and begin to disintegrate. 

It was then that a metal blob got me on the shoulder. 
I paused a mcment, reOecting gratefully that pterodactyls still didn't 

baunt the airways, and then began to contemplate the seriousness~d 
enormity of my mission. 

I was up against a foe more cunning than Fu Manchu. A man more 
ambitious than Machiavelli. A being of more persistence than Harold 
stassen. 

Paul Saltman, Vice-chancellor of Academic Affairs at UC San Diego. 
It was rumored he is not a nice man. 
I thumbed through Sattman's dossier and found It impressive. One 

brilliant coup after another, interspersed with timely deaths, had put him 
on the top. He was running the whole show on the UCSD campus through a 
figurehead Chancellor, who, to insure his power, he kept constanUy 
drugged in a small, tightly guarded room. 

1bat hadn't bothered the Regents. It was only when word reached them 
that Sallman was planning ac oup and intended to make himself an 
enlightened despot running the entire UC system, that they felt it time to 
act. 

Somehow I had to stop Saltman. I knew that to do so, I had to free the 
Chancellor and allow him the chance to tell the lurid details of his im-
prisonment. Nothing would be easy. , . . 

I lit a cigarette, and thumbed Saltman s dOSSier one la~t tune. ~ven 
after I applied a match to the papers, I could see his leering, confident 
face smiling at me. Through the yellow paper-the ashes. . 

I sighed, slowly walking down hard cement steps, knowing It would be 
a long night, knowing everything would break .... 

Tomorrow. 
•••••••• 

It had not been a simple task getting through the first five sentries. 
In fact, it had been damn near impossible. 
I had done it though, and now there were just two left. I crept forward, 

inching my way into position, then I moved. One guard caught a left and 
crumpled, while the other had a gun levelled on him before he could 
react. 

I tied the guards up, and then faced that special door to which only 
Saltman had the key. Raising my gun, I fired at the bolt, causing both the 
door to open and alanns to go off. 

I raced into the dimly lit room and found the Chancellor gagged and 
drugged. He sat like a dummy. Two minutes and three stimulant in-
jections later he was on his feet. 

"Let 's move it Mac," I yelled. "Saltman's men are on to us." 
He nodded confusedly, and finally said, "I always thought Paul was a 

goo' 01' boy." 
•••••••• 

Bullets shattered the glass around us, but the ruination was music to 
my ears as we had made our objective. Campus radio station KSDT. I 
threw fu~ture and DJs at the door, hoping to slow up Saltman's guard. 
Tbe Chancellor had already begun his broadcast. I laughed while 
listening to the words that spelled the end of the Vice-chancellor. Victory 
was sweet. 

The transmission ended at about the same time the doors were broken 
in. Sallman walked through. 

My eyes met his, and I said, "It's all over. The Chancellor has told the 
world of your actions." 

He smiled. I didn't like that. 
" The transmission .... " I started. "Everyone heard." 
" Who heard?" he asked laughing evilly. "Have you ever wondered who 

was really responsible for KSOT losing their allocations '! Have you ever 
pondered why no one can hear the station?" ." . 

I began to tremble. My mistake my demise, was all too eVident. Get It 
over with." I said, waiting only for my bullet. 

Continued on Page 1% 

'1'his IS 
YOUR 
School 

Decide How 
You Want It to be Run 

External Affairs 
Applications 

Due October 18. Get Youn In 
Today. Available at All 

Campu. Llbrarle_, 
Student~dona 

EDNA at at the Student Center 

II ".Ocl.' .... _ 
(ftIrtJ...... ,an ... Jee SIIu.'" Jerry ........ ... 

red, yellew ad 1liiie cree .... .. 
Natlonal Periodical PtlbUcaUo-. 
whlcll pabUsIled tile flnt comic 
bookJ. ID the yean that followed, 
Siegel aDd SIMut.er sold the rIP" 
to the flnt super-bero. Supermaa, 
to Natloul, for a pUtaace 01 wbat 
the cbarader proved to be wol1ll. 

[The two speat mOlt of tile yellrl 
that followed trylag to get a fairer 
settlemeat with NatlOll8l.. FlllaDy, 
last year. NaUoaal capitulated, 
aDd gave Siegel aad Sb_ter - wbo 
have drifted oat of the comic book 
world - more mODey for Saper-
maa. 

[Last year, S ..... ter. whOle 
healtll .... beea laWq, moved to 
SaD Dielo. 11Ie TrItoa Times 
recently visited hlm 'aDd bad tlds 
iDtervlew. ] 

by Pal Watry 
StaUWriter 

Talking with Joe Shuster. the c0-
creator of Superman, would be an 
exciting experience for anyone. 
Here is a man whose creation is as 
well known as the Beatles, or for 
that matter, Muhammed Ali. 
Superman has literally touched the 
lives of most people in the United 
States. Supennan is an American 
institution - a prototype of a new 
art fonn - and for that reason 
alone I didn't quite know what to 
expect as I approached the door to 
Shuster's apartment. 

The man who answered sur-
prised me. He was not the saint 
that I had half suspected, but just a 
man of 61 who squinted slighUy as 
he stepped out to greet me. 

I was ushered in by Shuster, who 
sat down on a couch and nervously 
faced the microphone. Around the 
room, drawings of Superman hung 
from the walls. Pictures of some 

There/Sa . 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

MCAT ~fY:'x:r=r: 
OAT : .. 7=' LUT Voluminoul ho .... IRE _udy m ..... i.11 

Cour_Ih .. ar. AT'BSB COn __ ly upd .. ed 
DCAI 
CPAT 

T.pe feeiliti" for 
........ ofcl_ 

~ns end for ute 
of supplementary 
"...eriel. 

FLEX Mek.-ups for ECFMG ... -- '-nl 
NArL.EDBDS 

SAT -VAT 
SAN DIEGO CENTER 

EDUCATIONAL 
CENTER 

Br.nche in m.jor us cill. 
II'Id Switzerl.nd 

ought to call him 800lething like 
Superman. " 

What influenced }ou in creating 
the visual image of Superman? 

" Well, the visual image of 
Superman was mostly out of my 
imagination, but I must say that 
Jerry and I were both inspired by 
the movies. The early Douglas 
Fa irbanks movies where he played 
a swashbuckling role, a man of 
action. He did some jumping 
around, the athlete stunts, if you 
recall the old pictures. That was in 
the twenties and thirties, and that 
was sort of the character that we 
wanted. We felt that the visual 
concept was very important, the 
colorful costume. It was a matter 
of experimenting around to see 
what looked best. I even think I did 
one in color. I used bright colors. I 
wanted to use red, white and blue 
but it turned out red, yellow and 
blue." 

Do you recall if any of the 
characters in the Superman comic 
book were based on real people? 

" Well, I think Jerry took the 
name Lois from one of the girls 
who went to high school with him. 
As far as I know, that's about the 
only connection. 

A Visi~ with Awe, to Superman 
, 

.. Actually," he continued, 
"Joanne Siegel was the first and 
only model of Lois Lane. That's 
interesting, I think. She was a 
young high school girl who a~ 
swered my ad for a model She was 
the only one I used and she was just 
right. The same features that I 

close friends adorned a small desk 
in the middle of the room. A copy of 
the Los Angeles Times was folded 
over the coffee table. 

"Did you see this?" he asked, 
pointing toward the yellowed 

adamantly refuses to talk about 
the treabnent he has received over 
the past three decades. Instead, he 
prefers to talk about his role in the 
actual creation of Supennan. 

How woul~ he say his personal 

JWe had a feeling, you know, our own . 
personal feeling. We had great faith because 
we thought it was a very unusual character. 
With the depression years, we felt the fans 
were looking for some sort of hero: A super-
hero, and there was nothing like it on the 
market This was the first time, so we felt it 
his character would be a tremendous success 

newspaper. "There was some guy 
who claimed that he played King 

~ong in the old movie. He fooled all 
of the newspaper reporters. 
Finally, they're catching up with 
him." He stopped suddenly and 
coughed nervously. 

The wave of popularity that 
Supennan createdbas had serious 
drawbacks for Shuster. He 

CPO Presents 

life has changed? 
Shuster leaned back on th 

couch. "It's been a dramatic 
change because I have a whole new 
life to look forward to and my maiJ 
purpose right now is to regain m. 
health. I was pretty worn out ba 
there, you know, through all tho 
30 years of poverty. I mean I hal 
no chance of getting my hehlth 
back until I came to San Diego. So 

Ed & Lorraine Warren 

"Exorcisms and 
Possessions ., 

"America's top ghost hunters" 
ED and LORRAINE WARREN 
have been psychic Investigators 
lor thirty-one years and are 
consultants to the lamous 
Psychical Research Foundation 
in Durham. North Carolina. ED 
WARREN is recognized as one of 
only seven leading psychic in-
vestigators in the United States. 
LORRAINE WARREN has been 
a clairvoyant and light tran· 
cemedium since sh was a child . 

EXORCISMS AND POSSESSIONS 
OCTOBER 21. NOON 
MANDEVllJ.E AUDnORIUM 
STUDENTS 11 .00 
GENERAL ADMISSION 12.00 

A Campus Program Board Presentation 
452-4559 for Information 

this is maybe the first time that I envisioned Lois Lane would have -
may be able to enjoy life a little." and I think it's an interesting fact 

Shuster talks about his partner, that, as it turned out, she married 
Jerry Siegel, with a glint of ad- Jerry Siegel. " 
m1ration. As half of the creative Throughout the interview, 
force behind Superman, Shuster Shuster maintained that he was 
credits Siegel with writing personally optimistic about the 
Supennan, while he drew and concept of Superman as he and 
designed the character. Siegel originally envisioned it. 

"I met Jerry through friends at 
the high school. Jerry was looking "We had a feeling , you know, our 
for an artist who could draw some own personal feeling . We had great 

faith because we thought it was a 
of his stufL" Shuster started to very unusual character. We felt the laugh. " I said, 'Well, I can't write, 
but I can draw.' And so we went country was ready for something 
fron . there." like this. With the depression 

years, we felt the fans were looking 
Do you recall who actually for some sort of hero: A superhero, 

thought up the name of Superman? and there was nothing like it on the 
" I think it was Jerry's idea, more market. This was the first time, so 

or less. I think Jerry came to me we felt it. This character would be 
with the idea and said "I think we a tremendous success." 

~w.!! 

HEY LITTLE GIRL. _ . ,'wanna be on t .... 
CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD? 

Th. C.mpu. Program a-d - lheglOUll'" brou9hl you LILY TOMLIN, GENE 
WILDER. TIM WEISBERG , THE TUBES. the FRIDAY and SATURDAY FIlMS, 
... d more • is now pI ... nlng ac:11.1t1es 10' tIw ",,"_mitr 01 till. school Y'" and 
lhe 77·'78 ... ..,n. In ordo, 10 do lhe best lob ~lIbl., they need your klMa 
.rid ."II9ft llona. They .... , 10 know ..... t you _111 In tIw "IY 01 en-
, .... lnm." . In lhe pili , lhe Bo.-d hH WOI'IIed In I ..... 01 lhe IoIlowing 
al-eorin: IMma, pop cone ..... Jazz, lo .. ..,ounlry, lac:1u ... . ~Iry. doInce-dr.""" crllslcakont.mporary mulie ... bul ...... '. nollll"ll .eered IIbouI the 
a l-eori" IIId tIIey " ... 10 h .. r Inyttolng you III ... In mind. 

The 80..,1'. .utH:ommlt_ 
"" .. openlngl - - II ... 
. ...... nl. wltII In...... 0' •• ' 
pe,tI.. In Iny 01 Ih ... 
c.'~ 10 halp In the 
doId'ion,,,,,,ldng _ . II 
YOU... thla penon. pins. 
stop by lhe Art. & lac:1u_ 
office, lluldlng II 01 lhe 
Studenl eM •• " or ull ........ , I 
X4OIO. R,_bar ' on,,]ou 
an hal, UI cIecldol I 

- -, -

.,~ ~. ~ :.: 1-
- ..3 



Pal" 

lllonday 
Burrougbs, WeUcome "Co. For further information concerning this organization, and to 

sign up for an interview, please come into the Career Planning" Placement Service, 
Student Center Complex, Building " B" . 

12 - 4 pm - Blo/Chem ClInic, tutoring for undergraduates. HL 410 (basement) . 
Noon to 5 pm - Alem Smith Art Exhibition, Mandeville Art Gallery. Smith, called " one of 

tre most sophisticated, witty and astute conceptual artists," will display "Star Material." 
Gallery hours are noon t05 p.m. Sun. through Fri. Through Oct. 31. 

3 pm - Meeting, Revelle RHB (Residence Hall Board). Community Center Conf. Room. 
4 pm - Seminar. " Brain Mechanisms of Primate Vocal Behavior as a Pre- requisite for 

the Evolution of Human Language." Dr. Detler Ploog, Director, Max Planck Institut fur 
Psychiatrie, Munchen, Gennany. Small Seminar Room, Salk Institute. 

4 pm - VoUeybaU, Rec Gym. UC San Diego vs. Point Lorna. 
4 pm - SoUd Mechanics and Structures Seminar, room 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. 

William Nachbar " Stable Postbuckling Equilibria ofAxially-Compressed, Elastic Circular 
Cylindrical SheUs': A Finite Element Analysis and Comoarison with E-q>eriments.' , 

4 pm - High Energy Physics Seminar, room 340S Mayer Hall, Revelle. Dr. Paul Framp-
ton, UCLA, "Vacuum Instability and the Mass of Higgs Scalars." 

4 pm - Theoretical SoUd State Physics Seminar, room 1110 P"L Bldg., Muir. Dr. M. 
Nakayama, Kyusyu Univ., Japan, " Spectroscopy of Surface Charge Layers." 

4 - 5 pm - Graduate Student Union steering committee meeting - informal discu~io~ of 
academic and political issues, including GSU support of the Farmworkers inItiative. 
Student Center Lounge Conf. Room. . 

4pm-Meeting,RPB (Revelle Program Board). 
5 - 9 pm - Birth Control Cllnlc. Rap orientation (all welcome), counseling. Infonnation" 

appointments call x2669. Student Health. 
6 - 9 pm - Blo/C hem Clinic, tutoring for undergraduates. HL 410 (basement). 
6 -9 pm - 1M Team Uniforms. This coming Monday, October 18, 6-9 pm in the Rec. Gym, 

there will be an opportunity for all 1M teams to come up with inexpensive uhiforms ($4 
max.). The opportunity is provided by a company from the big city who is sending a 
representative to uam with a number of different colored T shirts and a very large variety 
of designs. Simply come by Monday night, pick the color your team wants, choose a design, 
and then stand by for a few seconds while the two are put together. Who knows, it might be 
worth 6 points a game. Rec Gym. • 

6:30 pm - Co-op meeting. North ConI. Room, Student Center. 
7 pm and 9 pm - "Guess Again" film about the current status of women at UCSD. 16mm 

so WId film made by 3 UCSD women students. Film showings followed by discussion with 
film makers. Free . Revelle Community Center (lower Blake Hall) . . 

7 pm - Meeting of the ChrisUan Science OrganlzaUon. Everyone is invited to drop in. 
Revelle Informal Lounge. 

7:30 pm - S.I.M.S Advanced meeting. Topic : The Experience and Mechanics of Gaining 
tre State of Least Excitation of Consciousness. Revelle Informal Lounge. 

7:30 - 10 pm - Chess Club meeting - Playing - all level of players and beginners 
welcome. Revelle North Cafeteria. 

8 pm - American Cetacean Society Meeting, Sumner Aud., SIO. Dr. John A. McGowan, 
"The Natural History of Squid and Octopus." 

8pm-lsraeUFolk Dance. 8-9 review, 9-10:30 dances by request. Rec. Gym Conf. Room. 
9: 15 pm - Monday Night Film Series. "Funeral in Berlin." Muir 5&Dime. 

tuesday 
NCR Corporation - Data Processing Division. For further information concerning this 

organization, and to sign up {or an interview, please come into the Career Planning &; 
Placement Service, Student Center Complex, Building "B". 

8:30 am - Meetipg, RCCA (Revelle Committee on College Affairs). 
12 noon - Faculty luncheon with Dr. Ralph Moellering speaking on " Religion and the 

Presidency ". Faculty who wish to eat lunch, R.S .V.P . by Oct. 18, ex. 2521. International 
Center . Sponsored by Office of Religious Affairs. 

12-4 pm - Bio/Chem Cllnlc, tutoring for undergraduates. HL410 (basement ). 
1:30 pm - Campus Program Board is interested in meeting with all students who would 

like to add a little student input into music programming at UCSD. Arts and Lecture Office, 
Building " B" , Student Center Complex. 

1:30 - 2:30 pm - Meeting of the Ad Hoc Committee for Fourth College Programming. All 
students interested in planning, conducting, or evaluating events for Fall Quarter should 
plan to attend. Contact Marty Conoley, x4581 , if unable to make meeting. 701 Matthews 
Campus. 

2 pm - Campus Program Board Dance Subcommittee meeting. Open to everyone in-
terested in dance. CPB office, Student Center Building " B". 

2:30 pm - SoUd State Pbysics Seminar, room 2313 AP"M Bldg., Muir, John Stephens, 
"Studies of Sub-Micron Particles Produced by Laser Pulses Incident on Solid Targets. " 

3 pm - Women's swimming, pool. UC San Diego vs. Pomona-Pitzer. 
3 - 5 pm - Vocational Counseling Sessions. For students concerned about their oc-

cupational or vocational futures . Also, for students concerned or conIused about their 
major. Advanced appointments required. Call 3755 or 3490 for appointment. Robert 
Kavanaugh, Ph.D. Leader. Revelle Counselor's Office. 

3: 30 pm - Fourth College Student Government - Elections MeeUng. 302 MC - ConI. Room. 
3:30 pm - Field bockey, Muir field . UC San Diego vs. San Diego Mesa. 
" pm - Chen:lcil Physics Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Larry Gratt, Science 

Applications, Ir,c .. La Jolla , "Alleviating the Energy Crisis: Solving a Big Problem One 
Small Step at a '.'ime ." 

5 pm - PoUtjolirnal meeting. HL 2550. 
5 - 9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Rap Orientation (all welcome). counseling. Information 

and appointments call x2669. Student Health. 
6-9 pm - Bio/clem ClInic, tutoring for wulergrnd '1tel HL 410 (basement). 
6 pm - Explaua,lon of Career Seminar. 711 Matthews Campus. 
6-7 :30 pm - i.A.T.C.H. weekly meeting. Preparation for active community health in-

volvement and jiscussion of a party. InIormal Lounge. 
7 pm - UCS.) Folk Dancers. Balkan and Line Dance Night. 7-8 beginners, 8-8 :30 in-

termediate, 8:3')..10: 30 dances by request. Rec. Gym ConI. Room. 
8 pm - ATOftIlC AFE - forum for outrageous, creative events. Sponsored by the UCSD 

Music Departrr.ent. Ma ndeville Center Recital Hall, FREE. 
Rpm - Lecture: " Religion and the Pres idency" by the Rev. Ralph Moelle ring, Ph.D. 

Univers ity-Conununity Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

wednesday 
Stanford University, Graduate School of Business. For furt~r information . 

this organization, and to sign up for an interview, please come mto the Career Plannmg 
Placement Service, Student Center Complex, Building "B". 

9-10 am - Motivational Worksbop. For students who feel very lethargic and urunotjvclte( 
academically. The aim-of the workshop will be to help the student become more entillusec 
and more successful in his or her academic pursuits. Hugh Pates, Ph.D. and 
Kavanaugh, Ph.D. leaders. Revelle Counselor's Office. 

12 noon - AMES 205, Seminar No.5, FUm Series. "Eulerian and Lagrangian ne.~C'rintlioru 
in Fluid Mechanics." 7104 Urey Hall, free. 

12 - 4 pm - Bio/Chem Clinic, tutoring for undergraduates. HL 410 ( basement) . 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control CUnlc. Appointments, counseling, information call X2ti4l9;11 

Student Health. 
12:30 - 2:30 pm - SEX CLINIC. For students seeking information or counseling 

human sexual functioning . Hugh Pates, Laurie Kuhn, Dalynn Pnllfitt leaders. 
Counselor's Office. 

12:30 -1:30 pm - Tbe Wein, noon concert, Fourth College Program Board. PerfonmaJ1C1 
by the Weirz, a 9 member jazz-rock group. Matthews Cafeteria Patio, free. 

1-2 pm - Exploring Careers in Health Sciences - conference with a music/dance 
Conf. Room A., Student Center. _ _ _ _ . 

3 - 5 pm - The Pre-med Process and Stress. - North ConI. Room, Student Center. 
3 - 5 pm - MalelFemale Soc1allzatlon Group. A group to explore the reLaticlllS, 

pectations and stereotypes we hold about our sex, and the opposite sex, and how these 
behavior. Betty Garcia-Bahne and Brendan Collins, leaders. Meets at Counseling 
Psychological Services, 412 Matthews Campus. Call Becca De Pue at 3755 to slgn-up. 

4 pm - Joint Pbyslcs and Chemistry Colloquium. Speaker: Dr. R. Kubro, University 
Tokyo. Topic: A Stochastic Theory of Second Order Optical Processes. USB 2622. ' I 

4 pm - Cal P1rg local board meeting. Student Organizations Conf. Room. 
6 pm - Ballroom Dance Club meets its instructor-Jerry's back! Everyone show 

beginning and intermediate. Rec gym confrence room. 
6 - 7:30 pm - Ballroom Dance Club dances tonight!!!! More swing and cncl-cnla. 

hopefully we'll have a teacher. Beginning class tonight, intermediate tomorrow. Rec 
Room.Free. 

6 -9 pm - Blo/Chem CHolc, tutoring for undergraduates. HL 410 (basement). 
7 pm - Graduate Opportunities Workshop. Conf. Rm. lIlA. 
7:30 pm - International Club Speaker Serles, Lounge, International Center, md ..... "" 

Speaker and topic to be announced. Free. Call 452-3731 for more information. 
8 pm - Wednesday Evenings at the Mandevnle Center Concert Series. Daniel n.UIJUiLM 

Violin; Machiko Kobialka, Piano. Works by Erickson, Kupferman, Kobialka and _'· .. rc.nn 
Mandeville Center. G.A. $3.00, Students and Sr. Citizens $2.00. 

8 :30 pm - Folk Rock-EDtel1ainment. "Moose" featuring Lewis Michaelson. ReveUe 
Door. FREE. 

at's 
Up? 

Hello sports fans. Unfortunately 
we h,d no sports questions this 
week. However, many questions 
were submitted. If your questions 
don't appear this week, never fear, 
they will be answered in su~ 
sequent columns. If your question 
didn't appear ~use you never 
asked one, get ov~r to the Triton 
Times office and ask. 

Dear Doc: Are tbere proetltates 
ODcampus? 

Yes, but the majority of them 
seem to be off campus. However, 
since the editors of this colwnn 
have decided not to allow this 
column to merely be a source of 
cheap advertising, we will not list 
names and phone numbers here. 
Instead, we encourage th06e who 
want to have their names known to 
the buying pubUc to see Jim Soto, 
the Triton Times advertising 
manager. 

Dear Doc: What .a. the feUCUI 
for tbe U.S. NeVil •• bmarille 

thursday 
ITT Life Insurance Corporation. For further information concerning this organization, 

and to sign up for an interview, please come into the Career Planning" Placement Service, 
Student Center Complex, Building "B". 

10 am - Tbesls Defense, room 202 Scripps Bld~., SIO. David M. Gardiner will defend his 
thesis "Intra ovarian Storage of Spermatozoa m the Viviparous Teleost, Cymatogaster 
Aggregata Gibbons (Perciformes: Embiotocidae)." 

Noon ..r Ed and Lorraine Warren Lecture, Mandeville Aud. The Warren's, called 
America's top ghost hunters, have been psychic investigators for 31 years. General ad- -
mission : $2. UCSD students:$1. Tickets available at the UCSD box office. 

12 -4 pm - Blo/Chem Cllnlc, tutoring for undergraduates. HL 410 (basement). 
12 - 4:30 pm - Blrtb CQntrol CIlnlc. Appointments, counseling, information call x2669. 

Student Health. 
12:30 pm - Sumner Noon Series, Sumner Aud., SIO. Drs. Helen and Donald Hill will 

present a slide show of their summer tour through Mexico and Central America. Free. 
2 - 4 pm - Men's ConscIousness RaIsIDg Group. A group will explore what it means to be 

male; how men relate to other men and women. Also, inpact of women's liberation on men. 
John Andrews Ph.D. and Mel Kannen, leaders. 412 Matthews campus, ex. 3755. 

2:30 pm - Pluma Physics Seminar. Dr. Robert Gould, UCSD. TopiC: Electron-Electron 
Bremastrahlung from Hot Plasmas. AP&M 2313. 

3 pm - Optical Signal Processing Seminar. Dyes used in dye laser. Speaker Dr. T. 
Paucopoulous from NELC. APM 3218. 

3 - 5 pm - Vocational COUDleUng Sesslolll. For students concerned about their oc-
cupational or vocational futures. Also, for students concerned or confused about their 
major. Advanced appointments required. Call 3755 or 3490 for appointment. Revelle 
Counselor's Office. 

" pm - Astropbyslcs-Space Pbyslcs Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. J. Kapps, 
UCLA, "X-Ray (rom Spherical Accretion Onto Degenerate Dwarfs." 

4 pm - Coed badminton, Main Gym. UC San Die~o vs. Southwestern College. 
4 pm - High Energy Physics Seminar, room 1148 H-L Bld~ .. Revelle. Dr. Anne Hall, 

Stanford Liilear Accelerator Center, "Discovery ofthe1l" /A Atom. " -' 
4 pm - Dr. Tomas HoldeJt, Dept. of Histology, Karolinska Institutet,Stockhoim,Sweden : 

Immunohistochemical Mapping of Neuronal Peptides and Enzymes: Morphological and 
Functional Aspects. Host: Dr. Floyd Bloom. Small Seminar Room. 

4 pm - 4th College Commuter meeting. 302 MC - Conf. Room. 
5 - 8 pm - Ballroom Dance Club beginning and intermediate classes meet tonight. 

Beginners meet ~:30, intermediate 6:30-8. Hopefully we'll have a teacher. Rec. Conf. 
Room. Free. 

5:30 pm - ACLU dinner meeting to discuss plans for establishment of student complaint 
board. Coffee Hut. . 

6 - 9 pm - Blo/Chem ClinIc, tutoring for undergraduates. HL 410 (basenrent). 
6 pm -12 midnight - Movie: "A Matter of Style." Surfing and sporting movie. Mandeville 

Auditorium. $2.50 and $2.00. 
write polarized essays using 
coutroverslal anti-United States 
sJants, jlllt 10 find out at tbe end of 
the coarse tlaat we cannot bave the 
orIJlnals back? Who hal the 
authority to keep tbne p8pers and 
wby do they? Is this common 
pI'Ilctlce alllOlll UCSD composition 
courses? 

Dear Paranoid: You can go back 
to the office and request xeroxed 
copies of your essays, which we are 
told they wiD cheerfully give you. 

~ appears to be no reason in 
JIIrtlcular for giving back the copy 
and not the original, except for 
their desire not to have iUegible 
copies in their files. The essays are 
kept in the fUes to assist in the 
ongoing evaluation of the writing 
program from year to year. Also, 
the papers can be used by program 
director Dr. John Waterhouse to 
mediate grade disputes . 
Occasionally. student will go back 
to the program to allk for a letter of 
recommendation, and the essays 
provide a uaeful history of the 
student. All of the wrlUng 

programs seem to follow these 
practices, and they all use student 
writings as examples for future 
students about what to and what 
not to do. As to the anti-U.S. slant, 
we find that VERY IN-
TERESTING ... Maybe you still 
have relaUves living in the old 
country. 

Dear Doc: What can one do 
about tbe low Oying jets that come 
roaring over tbe Mesa Apari-
ments? Also, Is there some way 10 
stoptbem? 

Have you tried anti-artillery 
guns? That does not work you say? 
Well, if the problem persists, there 
are several alternatives to check. 
First, you can call the Port 
Authority' and ask what to do, or 
call tre Miramar Naval Air Station 
and submit your complaint. You 
can also caD the CRASH citizen 
group and voice your complaint. 
Better yet, just DUCK. 

Today's thought: Lovers are like 
buses. If you miss one, another will 
be along in five minutes. DR. 
IJTILEMAN 

Page 7 

(cont .. ) thursday 
7 pm - Informal discussion and question/answer session with Ed and Lorraine Warren -

" America's top ghost hunters" . Third College Fireside Lounge. Free. 
7 -8 :30 pm - Volunteer Opportunities in Health Care Delivery . Garren Auditorium BSB. 
7 pm - Meeting Revelle UP A (Hall Program Advisors ). 
7:30 pm - Meeting of UC San Diego Solar Energy Group. Students are invited to submit 

papers to the New Energy Journal. Any energy topic is appropriate from " Politics of Opec" 
to "Solar Energy in California" . Submit by Nov. 20 to Student Organizations Office. Contact 
Sherry x2686 for more info. Revelle Informal Lounge. 

7:30 pm - Bible study: " Matthew's Gospel", led by campus Pastor J ohn Huber . 
University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores D!"ive. 

8 pm - Geological Sciences Seminar. Scripps Institution of Oceanography. Speaker: Dr. 
Jason Saleeby, Dept. of Geology and Geophysics, University of California, Berkeley. 

Subject: Early Mesozoic continental margin tectonics-Foothill metamorpblc bIt, lerra 
~evada, Califomia. IGPP ConI. Room. 

friday 
Northrop Corporation. For further information concerning t his organization, and to sign 

up for an interview, please come into the Career Planning" P lacement Service, Student 
Center Complex, Building "B". 

U.S. Coast Guard. For further information concerning this organization, a nd to sign up for 
an interview, please come into the Career Planning &; Placement Service , Student Center 
Complex, Bldg. " B". 

8 am - Varsity Soccer, Muir field. All-Cal competition. All day. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control CHolc. Appointments, counseling, information call x2669. 

Student Health. 
12-4 pm - Blo/Chem Clinic, tutoring for undergraduates. HL 410 (basement ). 
Noon - Biochemistry Seminar, room 2100 BSB, Med. School. Dr. F rank Huennekens, 

Scripps Clinic, " Mechanism of Transport of Folate Compounds Through Membranes." 
12:05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. Spea ker : Dr. 

Fried N. White, Department of Physiology, UCLA. Subject : Animal Arcbitecture and 
Energy Crisis. 3ffI Vaughan Hall. 

2 pm - AMES-Bioengineering Seminar. Speakers: Amost Fronek, M.D., Ph.D., Prof. of 
Surgery and Bioengineering and David Gough, Ph.D., Asst. Prof. of Bioengineering, Dept. 
AMES- Bioengineering, UCSD. Title : " Current Bioengineering Research at UCSD" . Rm. 
2100 BSB, Matthews. 

3 pm - Topics in RespiraUon, B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. C. Goran Hedenstiema, 
Serafirmer Hospital, Stockholm, Sweden, "Airway Stability During Anesthesia with 
Artificial Ventilation." 

4 pm - Organic Chemistry Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle . Steven Schow, " The Utility 
of The Wittig Reaction in Steroid Side Chain Syntheses." 

6:30 pm - Tbe InternaUonal Club of UCSD is staging a Mexican Dinner to be followed by 
live entertainment - Reservations necessary - call 452.J731. International Center. Students 
$1.00, Others $2.50. 

. 7 pm - Friday Night Movies, room 2722 USB, Revelle. "Catch 22." General admission: 
$1.25. Repeated at 9 p.m. 

7:30 pm - "What Is Higher Consciousness", talks open to all. USB 305OA. 
8 pm - UCSD Folk Dance Club, International night. 8-9 review, 9-12 dances by request. 

Rec. Gym Conf. Room. 
8 pm - Evening with Dr. Ralph GreensoD. Topic " Beyond Sexual Satisfaction". Man-

deville Auditorium. A U .C. Extension class. Students $2.00, G .A. $5.00. 
9 pm - 12 midnight . - Marietta Boat Cruise and dance with the band, " True Devotion" 

playing and door prizes. Open to Third College students and 1 guest. San Diego Harbor. 
Admission price $2.50. 

saturday 
8 am - Varsity Soccer, Muir field. All-Cal competition. All day. 
9 am - "Tbe Mental Picture: Professional Cartooning," Bldg. 103, classroom A, Mat-

thews, Eric Teitelbaum, freelance cartoonist, will teach this introductory Extension course. 
Course fee : $39. For more infonnation call 452-3400. 

10:30 am - Campus Tours, front walk, Central University Library. Free tours conducted 
by UC San Diego students. Through Nov. 20. 

2 pm - VoUeyball, Rec Gym. UC San Diego vs. Imperial Valley. 
5:30 pm -CathoUc Mass. University Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
7 pm - Saturday Night Movies, room 2722 USB, Revelle . "Walkabout" and "Don't Look 

Now. " General admission: $1. 
7 pm - Polynesian Night, UC San Diego pool. Exotic seafood dinner, Tahitian dancers, 

diving exhibition and water ballet exhibition. General admission : $5. Tickets available in 
SCUBA Club Office, Main Gym. For more information call 452-4032. 

slUlday 
8:30 am - CatboUc Mass. University Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
10 am - UCSD Gotpel Cboir Concert, Univ •• Community Church , 9595 La Jolla Shores 

Drive, La Jolla. Primary feature at this regularly scheduled worsrup service. Free. 
12: OJ - Episcopal Services. University Community Church. 
5 pm - CathoUc Mass. University Community Church, 9595 La J~I:a Shores Dr. 
6 pm - Ecumenical Program: "Loneliness and Belonging at UG'S,,)", by Dean Gary Frost 

of Fourth College. Bring food to share if you like. North Conferellc.! Room, Student. pon-
sored by Office of Religious Affairs. 

7 pm - Dupll ate Bridge - free bridge games - open to everyone. Rev I orth Dinin 
Hall. FREE. 

8 pm - Go pel Choir, Mandeville Recital Hall. Under the direction of Cecil Lytle. F ree . 



( . v ' ,.8.1.11.,,,,_ 

T iYON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Ride wanled 10 En....:. any Frl., Sal. , or 
Sun. 0, back on • Sun. nlghl Help 
gas /drlvlng. 453-3123 Rila (10 / 18) 

Telephone solici tor • . Good hourly wage and 
bonuses. Near to UCSO. 4 shift,. Immedl .... 
openlng ... 215-2535 (10 /18) 

Wanted - person 10 do hou .. wort. . 4 hrs per 
week Universily City. Reliability necessary 
560-6948. 

Needed: Persoos with very large 0' small 
heads. Fo, Alpha W_ Study. Conlact BSB 
3045. Also need subjects over 50 or unde, 16 
years . Get a copy of your EEG. Studle$ every 
Tuesday. (tO /2O) 

studenl art needed . CAPE, Course & Pro:' 
evalual ions. is looking for drawings, pholos 
and cartoons lor our next publlcallon. Make 
appoinlmenl with Paltl at 0152-2668. (tO / 22) 

A used typew,iter call Laura at 453-2Il94. 

Job Resume 
-Illfeniew 
-Co.position 
-layout 

Student Discount 

2314 .. Diego AYe. 
In Old Town 
299·5150 

DodiI8 Van 1975. 11,000 mile. - perfecl shape 
- carpel - penetled - AM I FM alereo - cuslom 
paint. 454-04n2 or 459-7630 (10/ 20) 

For Sale: IBM Selectric Iypewrlter. 2 yrs old . 
Cost $850. n_. Will sell lor V. prlce or Best 
oller. Gerry 427-7802. (10 /18) 

1971 DIItsun Pick-up with shell . Good 
condition . Bucket _ Ia. New lires. 753-2582 
or 753-2041 (10/22) 

Never used co_ lor PorllChe 911 . 912, cael 
$80 will .... 1 lor $80. Gall 481-(1143 • • sk lor 
MaI1< . (1011 5) 

For sale: '74 Honda X.L-250 excellem con-
dillon . Low mMiage ./helmt. Mulll sell . Best 
offe,755-6970. 

One Ig. while desk and a a lnlng ,oom table-
seals 4 to 8 (two feaves) call 436-t651 . 
(tO/ 22) 

B&W TV VHF-UHF 140 cal l 270-7332 aller 7 
pm . 

AM /Fill receiver with speakers . works , $15 
portable record player with detachable 
speakers . runs. $1 2 0153-9674 evenings. 

Siudent desk and wicke, seal chair. Wooden. 
painted oft-white, procelian knobs . 140 453-
9674 evenings. 

• SERVICES 
Tutoring "Ignlbra , T,lgonomelry , " .... geon, 
Calculus, Physics, G,e, St,ltsllcs. Call Ish 
anytime 287-475t . (10 /27) 

Drum Lessons . Congaa, bongOil l other 
Instruments - Latln /"'rican /Jazz rhythma -
Ifs lun ! 436-5778 -.lngs. Ray (10 /25) 

Classical guitar lessons, technique, pieces, 
Segovia method beg i nne, welcome 
reasonable «*1736. 

LOSE unwanted pounds l Inchel. Eaay Will 
10 lose weight and keep it 0111 Call Lynn 481-
8290(12/6) 
ACADEMIC RESEARCH P"PERS. 
Thousands on II Ie. Send $1 .00 lor your 192-
page. mall order catalog . 11322 Idaho Ave., 
'206H. Los Ang .... , Gal If . 90025 (213) 477-
8474 . (12/6) 

Spanish and French private lessons. 234-
0391 extension 335. (10125) 

PERSONAls 
I'll pay you $25 mth to let my dog stay with 
you. t supply fOOd . He's ,eally cule call 
Stacey 459-7823. 
Found gold ri ng In TLH ba throom. Go 10 
Triton n mes office if yours. 

Lost-One b,aln . mad. size . nea, cluster. II 
lound please return 10 T.T. office. 

.......... , ................................................ . 

~ NEW YORK CHARTER FLIGHTS i I CHRISTMAS VACATION - $209 i Break-Away Tours, 9056 Santa Monica Blvd . i 
i** ... * .. ~?s .. ~~;.:2?~:*~~!:J.!:!t~~! ..... j 

Stili Ioal-gllssea. Brown Roden.tock f,ames . 
blue case. N_ 2A. Pleue bring to T,iton 
nmes. 

Closet Writers: We know you're In there . 
PI_ come out. Send you, work 10 clo 
Helicon, Campus Mall CodeC005 . (10 / 20) 

Paeu<IOjock: ·'E.are.... gl~s aTe hlp but 
don't you wish they all could be CA girts '- In 
anticipation ot ollCulatlon, awaiting the 
rating. Love . the FeartH8 4. (1011 8 ) 

To the beard: Have a great birthdayt! Love ya 
much cand than some) - M 

To the GeB with 1000e to Greg - thank. lor an 
educallng _nlng same time next _? 
Blnocs reedy , F Irralh 

Chip - I'm sorry such a beautltul Irfendshlp 
came to such an end but all I owe you I. 
$1.57. Debbie 

WhaI Is higher consciousness? Come and 
lind out about the science of energy flow. 
Every Friday In USB JOSO". 7:30 p.m . F,ee to 
al l. Call 75!Hl816 for further Information. 
(10 / 29) 

T.S. Nlghts ... e forever without you WN 

Mul, Outing Club 6 :00 every Tues. eve. 
Discuss wilderness ecperlences and fulu,e 
t,lps . 
Lost : HP25 calcufator around Revelle 
cafeteria . If you have any Info please call 
Chris at ~ 53-2990 reward . 

Lost s ll_ ri ng wi lh semi p,ec lous Inlay 
,eward 45 .... 5970 alter 6 . 

Found Flnely·strlped g,ay F killen In Revelle 
parking lot on Tuesday owne, please call 757-
3437. 

Lost : turquoise and sllve, ,Ing In womsn's 
,eslroom 10_ 81ake Thurs. tOIl~ . II found 
call 755-6346. 

THINK OF IT~AN 
All ERNAIlvE 

10 tOURWALlSAND 
A • Not everyone is cut out for a career in big 

business. The Coast Guard understands that. 
So we offer young men and women an oppor-
tunity to take on the other big jobs in life. 
Like saving lives. Protecting the environment. 
Conducting vessel inspections and intercept-
ing narcotics smugglers. Safeguardi ng our 
coastal and inland waterways. Jobs that are 
outside the ordi nary. 

After completing just 18 weeks of special-
ized tra ining at our Officer Candidate School 
in Yorktown, Virginia, you'll receive a com-
mission as an officer in the United States 
Coast Guard. And you'll get all the job you 
can handle. A jQb that lets you prove to your-
self and to others that those four years of 
college were well worth it. 

The Coast Guard officer's life is not all 
work and no pay. YOU'll get a starting salary of 
over $10,()()() a year. Plus post graduate train-
ing opportunities and generous ret irement 
benefits after only 20 years if you decide to 
stay with us. Add to these all the other bene-
fits of military service - free medical and 
dental care, uniform and housing allowances 
- and you've got yourself a very rewarding 
career. Of course, the personal satisfaction of 
a job well done is its own_reward . 

Consider the alternatives. Then, if 
you want to know more about a career as a 
Coast Guard off icer, just ask your college 
placement office for an appointment with 
our representat ive. 

Our representative will be here 
Oct. 22 . 

COASTGUARD ac s 

Losl yellow 3 subject notebook al1113 APM 
F,lday. Please ,eturn to n office or call 
Sonlaal 27(}- t 145. 

ItOUSiNG 
2 nonsmokl ng houlI8males wanted 10' 
spacious 3 BA house in Clmt. W/canyon 
view. $1 to & 1/3 utlls . 292-0213. Persist . 
(tO/22) 

Roomate wanted: to share 3 Bdrm. house in 
Clm!. Own rm. $100 a month & 1/3 utilities. 
10 min. Iro,[l1 _campuI272~. 

2 ,ooms for rent . Htd poot , laundry laclll, 
bus lines all t hOfe. Prl ... t. bath. Quiet . 5 
min. from UCSD 292-0213 (1 0 /25) 

M tTTIIte to share 2 bdrm house PB, gred 
student , nonsmd<er. Call 488· t947 _s. & 
wkends . (1 0/27} 

BOOK NOW ON C"MPUSI New Yori< & 
Europa flights . PS" reservallon. CIEE 
Student Travel SeNlces. open Mon .• Wed., 
F,I. t2·~ pm. CalI452-063D (12/6) 

Full Service T,avel "gency. All carriers In-
cluding charte,s! American Youlh Hostel 
cards avallabte. Call Beryel or Sam at TMT 
452.198t . NO SERVICE CHARGEI (12/6) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
~th co(lege commu ter stude nts: 
next Thurs. at 4:00 p . m . there w i II 
be an imporlont plan ning meeting 
concerning lockers . Please be sure 
and ioin us at the ~th co llege 
provosl office that's 10 -21 -76 

Revelle College seniors w ho 
intend to graduate FAll QUARTER, 
1976 should contact Eliza Gill ies in 
the Revelle Provost' s Office as soon 
as poss ible to be sure their 
paperwork is in order. 

MUIR COllEGE ADVANCED 
W R(TING EXAMINATION will be 
given on M onday, October 25, 
from 4 till 10 pm in H- l 1438. 

The exam is open to 100 students 
this quarter, ond will be repealed 

, i n the winter and spring. Students 
wishing to toke it Ih is quarter must 
sign up in H-l 1254 by Friday, 
Oclober22 . 

The examination may be token 
i n (ieu of Muir College 20, 
Advonced College W riting. (t is for 
students enlering M u i r th is year 
who feel that Iheir writing ob i l ity 
equols the M uir Co(lege graduat i on 
requirement : Ihat "the student 
demonstrate an ability to write 
Engl ish according to standards 
appropriate for 0(( college work." 

For furl her information ca(( x2522 
or come to H-lI254. 

ktIeII Alternatiy •• 
S. ...... 'Pr.·Uf. Le..-

583-LlFE 
Free co ..... , study r..a 

ucllpenen . 

.......,., 0dHe1' II, 1J7I tritOD tiDle8 

77th Assembly District 

Cohelan, Ellis in Tight Contest~ 
by Vera M.L Todorov 

Commllllity Editor 

Democrats are trying to break a 
Republican "hold" on the 77th 
Assembly DIstrict seat for the 
second time in a row this year. 
Without an incumbent running, 
De mocratic candidate Tim 
Cohelan and Republican Jim Ellis 
are batUing it out on fresh ground. 

Popular incumbent, Bob 
" Robbie" Wilson, · gave up his 
Assembly seat to compete for the 
state Senate against long-time 
Senator Jack Schrade in the 39tb 
district. Wilson became Assem-
blyman after a 1971 special elec-
tion was held to fill the vacancy left 
when Republican Pete Wilson 
became San Diego Mayor. 

The 77th Assembly district Is 
nominally Democratic, although it 
usually yields a conservative 
voting block. The Registrar of 
Voters holds a sampling of voUng 
districts, called a " telephonic," to 
predict the outcome of an election, 
and this year's showed only 
miniscule percentage difference in 
the popularity of candidates Ellis 
and Cohelan, This shows the 
marginality of the 77th Assembly 
District seat. 

One of the most interesting 
aspects of the race between 
Cohelan and Ellis Is that Cohelan 
feels a series r:i debates between 
him and his opponent should be 
held to explain their divergent 
platfonns ; while Ellis believes a 
debate Is unnecessary because 
their only differences lie in their 
qualifications - Ellis is a San Diego 
City Councilman - and their stands 
on Proposition 14, the Farm-
workers Initiative. 

Caadldates Support tbe YOUIlg 
Both candidates seem to be 

sympathetic in regard to young 
people and their problems. 

Cohelan and Ellis both believe 
the role of education is to teach the 
basic fundamentals to students. as 

Colby ... 
sectors of the major branches of 
the anned services. He detailed 
the discovery of Wleful infonnation 
known but hidden away within 
libraries and university 
documents, overlooked, but 
available to the public, and the 
fonnation of a congress of experts 
to assess infonnatioll. 

Justifying the tremendous 
amount of money chaMelled into 
the intelligence community, Colby 
stated that in the case of the SALT 
agreements, intelligence played an 
effective role in saving money for 
mor e peaceful purposes. He 
likened the secret allotments of 
funds to overseas allies to the 
establislunents of the Hortelez 
Company in France by Benjamin 
Franklin during colonial times for 
the purposes of shipping anns and 
supplies clandestinely to the New 
World . . 

Citing the threat of frustrated 
despots, especially those in Third 
World countries, Colby cogently 
emphasized that the need for in-
telligence will always remain, " as 
we are not living in a world of 
gentlemen." He forsees a shift in 
the monopoly of power away from 
the superpowers due to the 
availability of technology and 
I'8IIlp8M nuclear proliferation, and 
views the deterrent approach to 
intelligence as a negative one, 
implying that the best defenlive 
posture a nation can maintain Is a 
forewarned offensive capability. 

Concerning domestic alUe-ups 
within the InteWgence community, 
Colby . suggested that laws 
should n ist to " protect in· 
teWgence IOUI'CeI from dbcloaure 
by employell who undertake to 
leak theIe aecret.I. Even as we 
have a law which punt.l!es. . .the 
Internal Revenue ServIce em-
ployee who leaks your Inccme tall 
return, I think we need a law to 

c..Uned. PIP J2 

ouUined in the RISE report, wluch 
was pubUshed by Wilson Riles, 
State Superintendent of Education. 

The RISE report stipulates that 
school districts must adhere to the 
establislunent of certain levels of 
achievement, to make a student 
exhibit a certain amount of 
knowledge to graduate from high 
school. 

Cohelan said, " Attention to the 
implementation of the RISE 
reforms will be given. An 
euminatlon of our lnabillty to 
attain adequate reading levels Is 
necessary ... your education 
decides your job opportunities and 
your personal lives. School credit 
should be given for outside jobs, 
not only for academic pursuits." 

Ellis stated, " California High 
School graduates are not up to par 
and are not competing with 
students from other states." He 
wants " to be assured that our 
product is as good as the others ... 
That we have established certain 
levels of achievement. Those in-
terested in higher education must 
be given the opportunity. " 

Ellis said he was told that Gov. 
Brown vetoed the bill because it 
was " too expensive," although he 
thinks "it would be less expensive 
in the future." Both candidates 

also expressed concern about age 
discrimination and would like to 
see it erased. 

Farmworker's Initiative 
"Unnecessary" 

Ellis said he opposed " Prop. 14 
because legislation a lready passed 
by the Legislature makes the 
Initiative unnecessary. He said, " I 
support a fair and Impartial labor 
relations law, but I oppose state 
regulated agencies and com-
miss.ions which would control 
fanning." 

On the other hand, Cohelan said, 
" I fully support the ALRB 
(Agricultural Labor Relations 
Board )_ The initiative would 
provide for a smooth and efficient 
bargaining mechanism for the 
farmworkers . " 

''Tax Rellef Is Critical" 
Both candidates stated " people 

are being forced out of their 
homes" by high property taxes. 
Cohelan said, "property tax relief 
is critical," while Ellis explained, 
"I support drastic revisions to the 
Property Taxation codes which 
will relieve property owners of a 
burden preventing young people 
from buying their own home and 
forcing seniors and fixed income 
families out of ~eir existing 
homes." 

TIm Cohelan and Jim Ellis fighting? No , just the S OCiety for Creative 
Anachronisms, who held a j ousting demonstration Friday on Revelle Plaza. 
ITT Photo: Bill Brooks) 

Coop ... 
has budgetary knowledge as a 
result of her work with the Delta 
Collective, which recently 
published a pamphlet on the 
student Registration Fee and its 
use . Karpinski feels it Is important 
that she ga in the post because only 
two of the coordinator nominees 
are female . 

Student/StaR 
Deals with the relations for 

students and staff with the ad-
minist ration. 

Montgomery Reed: He feels he is 
qualified for the position because 
01 what he calls an intimate 

knowledge of the Coop and an 
understanding of student 
problems. 

Recruitment 
To get more students involved 

with the Coop and to produce 
within them more knowledge of 
Coop activities. 

Eric Wilde : He has been active 
at Page One, the student peer-
counseling group at Muir College. 
He feels his purpose would be to 
" reach as many students as 
Possible and to show them the 
importance of Coop activities and 
how they can get involved." 

Don't sit out 
this 
.election! 

Vote for JOBS, LOWER PRICES 
PEACE, EaUALITY 
.' .. an end to RACISM! 

candidates of the 
Communist partY 



..... tritOD time8 
...... " Oet8ber 11, IJ7t 

paghetti Dinner Soccer Record, 1-0-1 Tritons Settle for Overtime Draw ....... !If ....... INa ed. CIooII IIIIttI 10l21li11. DI_r 1naI .......... c ...... nil .... CMt UmlMrto·. 
Fale() e's Restaurant byScoUSadU 8pertt Editor fIrSt half but were unable to score until the last minute of the period. 

Jalro Marin's 1008 leading pass 
met Dave Youngdale sprinting 
down the middle of the field and the 

Triton halfback caught just enough 
of the ball with his head to tip it 
over the outstretched anTIS of the 
Azusa Pacific goalie. Real Italian Food 

55 II III J .. ",d. III J •• 454·6421 
Opell hAy 4·10 .Icept 5MIay 

Can you cope 
with the fear 
of success? 

Are you frightened 
by the idea of earning 
a much money a a 
man ? lfnot. Fidelity 
Union Life may beju t 
what you're looking for. 

A a Fidelity Union 
Life Field A sociate, 
there are no salary 
limitations , no 
boundaries but 
your own. 

Address inquiries to: 

4501 Minion Bay Dr. 
Suite 3A 

Pacific Beach 
270-6800 

FJ.~_11 
Union 

u.1t of o. 
perf •• Hy 

Usually, ninety minutes of 
controlled passing and ball-
handling, a pressing offense, and a 
tight hustling defense Is what it 
takes to win a soccer match. 

But if twenty of these minutes 
are part of an overtime period 
tacked onto the end of the contest 
in order to break a tie score, 
making the entire game well over 

Azusa Pacific's three-goal 
scoring burst to start the second 
half was primarily a result of 
twenty minutes of flat complacent 
play on the Tritons' part - twenty 
minutes that cost UCSD a probable 
victory. 

its normal length, then ninety 
minutes of good soccer Is not 
necessarily enough to insure " 

UCSD tied the score with fifteen 
minutes left in regulation time. 
Carlos Ponte fooped a pass from 
the corner over the head or the 
Azusa Pacific goalie and Alan Cox 
tapped the ball into the unattended 
net. 

victory. 
The UCSD soccer team found 

this out as they outplayed Azusa 
Pacific at home las~ Saturday for 
enough time to make up a 
regulation-lengthened contest. but 
still had to settle for only a 3--'1 
overtime draw. 

During the overtime period the 
Tritons had countless chances to 
score, but either missed open shots 
or, in attempting to get especially 
close kicks, took too much time and 
had their shots blocked by pur· 
suing Azusa Pacific defenders. 

Azusa Pacific kicked three quick 
goals at the start of the second half, 
as many as the Tritons were able to 
score throughout the rest of the 
UCSD-dominated game. Carlos Ponte 

"It's a shame we didn't win after Brooks] 
[IT Photo ; BI/I 

Despite the tie, UCSD remains 
undefeated (1-0-1) in league 
competition. The Tritons play 
again Wednesday at Point Loma. 

playing so well and getting so 
many opportunities during the 
overtime period," said Triton 
coach llan Rothmuller following 
the contest. 

In one respect, however, UCSD 
was lucky to get the three goals 
they needed just to tie the match. 

Fifteen minutes into the first 
half, the Tritons received a gift 
goal when an Azusa Pacific 
fullback attempted to pass the ball 
to his goalie, but, instead, kicked it 
oyer his teammate's head and into 
the nets for a UCSD score. Alfonso 
Gonzales was credited with the 
goal for' being the closest Triton to 
the play. 

UCSD threatened continually 
throughout the remainder of the 

'!he Nuclear 500. 
Are you good eROlUdl 

to be ODe of thim'-
This yea r the N avy will seek abou t 500 of the 

count ry's top college graduates for it. nuclear energy 
program. It'. the most comprehensive training ava ilable 
in today's most exciting energy fie ld. 

It's got to be. M ore than 70 % of the country'. 
nuclea r reactors a re opera ted by N avy men. 

So o ur sta ndards are extre m e ly high. To qua lify, 
you must have a solid background in e ngi neering. 
math or physicR. And have what it takes to become a n 
officer in the U.S. N avy. 

If you're selected. yo u'll be paid a starting 
salary comparable to mOst sala rie s given Junior executives 
in private companies. A nd be placed in 0 poslllOn of 
respon"bll lty qUIckly. 

[f you're stili 10 col lege. t}1l're are several special 
programs for you, inc luding a full scholarshIp avaIlable 
for your JunIor and semor years. 

NAVY OFFICER [NFORMATION TEAM 
will be Inte rvIewing at the 
PLACEMENT CENTER 

Odober 26" 27, [976 
10 :OOa.m. !02:00p.m. 

or call 
293-6«4 for infonnation 

NO OBLIGATION! ! 

Track Team Shows Promise 
at Aztec Invitational Meet 

It was an exciting day for San 
Diego track fans at the arulUal 
Aztec Invitation which took place 
at Balboa park last Saturday. 
Thorn Hunt. the fonner Patrick 
Henry high school great, returned 
to his native San Diego to lead 
Arizona to the team championship, 
and the UCSD cross COWitry team 
showed renewed promise. 

Hunt, the heralded freshman, 
finished second to senior team-
mate Ed Cotton as the University 
of Arizona captured its second 
Aztec Invitational championship in 
as many years. Hunt ran the hilly 
six mile course in twenty nine 
minutes and thirty two seconds, 
only seven seconds behind the 
leader. 

Meanwhile the UCSD Tritons, 
behind the performances of Doug 
Jacobson, Kevin Young and Alan 
Bernath finished in 13th place 
overall, just getting edged out by 
their southern neighbor, Pt. Loma. 

, Jacobson contiIwed his con-
sistent rwming with a fine thirty 
three minute and forty four second 
clocking. His time was good 
enough for 73rd place among the 
field of over 150 runners. Following 
were freshman Alan Bernath 
(34: 14-78th overall) and sophomore 
Kevin Young (35:14-84th overall). 
Finishing further behind were 
Danny Ugale, Chris Pritchard, Jon 
Halperin and Ron Bonnet. 

With the loss of top runner. Mark 
Staniforth, it was thought that 
UCSD's hopes for a competitive 
squad had vanished. It has not 
heen the case, however. Sur· 
prisingly strong perfonnances 
from Kevin YOWig and newcomer 
Danny Ugale have added to the 
team's depth. 

Next week the harriers travel to 
the City of Orange to do battle in 
the Chapman Invitational. It will 
he the Tritons first chance to get a 
good look at the competition in the 
tough Division m. 

UCSD STudENTS 
-SAVE MONEY, TiME, PARkiNG SpACE-

Buy OR RENT 
CAMPUS CoMMUTERS 

AVAilAblE AT 

CiAO· FoxieJAWA 
2226 AVENidA dE lA PlAYA 

LA JollA ShoRO 
10AM-6pM TlIOOAY 'rlatll SlINdAy 

ClOSEd MONdAY 4~4-9882 
-----------------------------

! q.~~ Bukn, TiE DOWN CoRds 
I ~ ANd Oil with puRchASE of NEW Bib I 
I I 1- . COllpoN ___________________ COlIpoN_..J 

triton tUne8 Pqell 

Sp~rts 
Notebook 

.~ Becker Pleased Despite Losses 

Dave Eilsen' 
Nearly From Scratch 

Nearly from scratch, Mark Guglienno and Vince Askey are attempting 
to build a Sports Infonnation department. 

Working under part-time second·year Sports Infonnation Director 
Barbara Fuller. the two Muir juniors will get no money in return. Instead, 
they wijl receive four units in the fonn of a Communications department 

1~. 
Guglienno's job is publicity - contacting off-campus newspapers, 

television and radio stations, and trying to get UCSD sports into print and 
on the airwaves. 

Askey's chore seems lIOIJlewhat more attractive. He Is traveling to high 
schools and junior colleges, infonning students about UCSD athletic 
programs. 

"I try to show them the uniqueness of our program - bow every athlete 
is a walt-oo (he has not been recruited) yet the teams are very cam-
petitive," Askey says. 

The two students disagree s1ipt1y about their goals in Sports Infor. 
matlon. 

. , 

Mark Gugliermo Vince Askey 

Askey, who Is also a Triton varsity baSeball pltcber says, "We want to 
keep the programs low-key but we want to see more participation and . 
more spectstors," 

Guglienno says, "I'd Uke to see our sporta beccme more high class. I 
don't think UCSD teama get the leal recognition that they deserve." 

Gugliermo, Jut year a sports broaclaaster for KSDT, cited UCSD 
basketball star of 1175-71 Mallory MitcbeO u an eumple, "He was an 
outstanding player, but he didn't get the publlctty in San Diego that he 
deserved. Becauae of that, he probably won't get a tryout with a pro team 
this year, " 

The ideas and work of the two have already drawn positiv~ reviews 
from Sid Fuller, athletic director Judy Sweet and PE bead Howard Hunt. 
One of the early projects with which they spent time was the Sports 
Bizarre, held two weeks ago. 

"A lot of students go through a whole year not even knowing that we 
have a baseball team. The Bizarre successfully introduced students to the 
teallL'J and coacbes," says Askey. 

The two will publish a press release once a week, while trying to gain 
the cooperation of the coaches who surprisingly, at times, can be o~ 
stacles in the infonnation process ... 

Amazingly, UCSD bad drawn UCLA as its first opponent in this 
weekend's AII-Cal soccer tourney, to be held on Muir and Matthews 
Fields. 

The tourney includes entries from UC Ber'keley, UC Santa Barbara, UC 
Davis, UC Irvine, UC Santa Cruz and UC Riverside, in addition to UCSD 
and UCLA. 

By some weird tum of events, the host Tritons will meet the probable 
favorites in the opener, a 9:30 am Friday match on Muir. The other 9:30 
match will pit two other top teams, UCB and UCSB on Matthews. 

Each team will play twice Friday, and the loser's bracket games will 
be played Saturday morning. The championship will be on Muir, at 3:30 
Saturday ... 

The UCSD women's basketball team Is missing a coach. 
Shirley Peterson, whose squad has been blessed with considerable 

talent recently, resigned Thunday. She will take over as an athletic 
director for a local high school. 

The search Is now on for a replacement. 

byRollKato 
Staff Writer 

In a surprise gesture last 
Saturday afternoon, waterpolo 
coach Gary Becker was pleased 
with his team's performance. 

"We're finaUy puttin& it 
together." commented coach 
Becker, after his team suffered 
two tough defeats over the 
weekend. The Tritons performed 
competitively throughout both 
contests only to lose at the hands of 
two perennial waterpolo powers. 

In Friday's inter-city showdown 
with San Diego state. UCSD's 
ina bility to score in the firSt 
quarter cost them the game, 9-7. 
Down 2-0 going into the second 
period. the Tritons were able to 
match state, goal for goal, in the 
remaining three quarters. UCSD's 
goalie Bob Alei kept the Tritons in 
the game by blocking two of three 
State's penalty shots. 

In the contest against Occidental 
College on Saturday, UCSD was 
intimidated- at the outset of the 
game and fell behind ~. The 
Tritons' first score came on a shot 
by Dave Harry, three minutes into 
the first quarter. 

It was at this point San Diego's 
defense settled down and limited 
Occidental to only two more goals 
in the first half. The Tritons' 
scored twice themselves, on shots 
by Joe Miller and Dennis Thomas, 
and narrowed the gap to 5-3 by 
halftime. 

The Tritons then closed to within 
two points once more, when Dave 

1M football 

"Our Gang" 
Remains 

Undefeated 
Our Gang took over sole 

possession of the league lead in the 
Kenny Stabler division as Jeff 
Puchalski's five touchdown passes 
led OG to a ~ victory over Left.. 
overs in Saturday's men's flag 
football " A" league action. 

After just two weeks, Our Gang 
is the only remaining undefeated 
team in the Stabler league. 

Dickie Duncan caught two touch-
down passes from Puchalski, in 
addition to returning a p.m for a 
score. 

Puchalski's other touchdown 
passes went to Brad lwagana (2) 
and Frank VernClll. 

In other Stabler League games, 
Stan Goodlett's two touchdown 
passes led the Vikings over 
Prothero's Wild Bunch, 14~. 
Touchdown interception runs by 
Bob Taylor and Dave Schell led 
Shabby Vees to a 32-0 win over the 
Leftouts. 

Today from 6 to 9 pm in the Rec 
Gym, 1M teams have the op-
portunity to come up with inex-
pensive unifonns, A T·shirt 
company will he offering different 
colored shirts and a variety «-
designs (rom which teallL'J can 
design their own unifonns for 
about four dollars. 

. Parking 
Students are Reminded 

I~ 
l 913.ad.. ! t 327 F StJwet ''S'' ,..... ,....,. .. '.ad .. YELLOW STlIPID ,..... s,.c.. o.e,. (See c.,.. .... ) 
j
t PAYS DONORS 

tor Service i 
Mon. - FrI. t Parking 452-4223 or x4223 t---_ .. _!;l=l-.. ____ J ,... ______ ..... _____ .......... ___ .. 

Denton connected, after 
Occidental opened the second half 
with a score. 

The remainder of the game, 
however, belo08ed to Occidental as 
they outscored UCSD 5-1. 
Occidental. who previously 

Occidental's ability to score with a 
man advantage during player 
ejection fouls , Occidental 
capitalized on five of these eight 
opportunities off UCSD. 

The Tritons. who are an of· 
fensively oriented team. played. 

Bob Aiel (IT PholD : Bill Brooks I 
defeated San Diego State 14-7. had excellent defense through the first 
difficulty pulling away from the three quarters of the game. The 
Tritons. In a very physical contest, outcome of the match wasn't 
Occidental outmuscled the decided until midway through the 
fatigued Tritons in the fourth final period when Occidental, on 
quarter, enroute to their 11-5 win. three goals, pulled away to an 11-4 

The difference in the game was lead 

John Veregge , double winner In the first annual UCSD Grand Prix Bilce 
Race. VeTTege /inished' /irst overall and came within two seconds of his 
predicted finishing lime, 24:58 minutes for the ten mile course. 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr_ marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact i~mses fitted 
repairs 

hours mort - '1n 10 30 - 8 00 
sat. 10-6 c;IQU(I i&IIIdI¥S 

rts arena blVd. 

224·2974 



.... elJ I r---:-----
E~OUILlABAISSE 

sara j. lowen 
The well-dressed, middle aged woman was outraged at the hecklers 

who disrupted her candidate's speech. 
" I can't believe that any adult would stoop so low," she said. 
"Come off it lady," someone replied, heckling is good, clean fun." 
I have to agree; heckling is good, clean fun and without it, candidates' 

speeches would be insufferably dull. There is, of course, good and bad 
heckling. When done skillfully, with good timing, it can embarrass a 
politician, or force him to answer a question he hadn't plarmed to address. 
Bad heckling is that which is so insistent it prevents the politician from 
making his speech. 

It is unfair to the politician because it denies his right to free speech 
(though some question whether first amendment rights should apply to 
politicians). And heckling done to excess usually vilifies the hecklers and 
makes the listeners sympathetic to the poor harassed politician. 

Politicians hate hecklers of co~. because"they upset the flow of their 
pre-planned political speeches. At times, politicians lose control and get 
angry at hecklers, a notable example being Nelson Rockefeller who 
gleefully flipped off students at Syracuse University, who heckled him 
about his part of Attica. The incident gave Rockefeller some bad press for 
his un-Vice Presidential action. 

But a skillful politician knows how to turn heckling to his advantage. He 
can deflect hecklers' remarks or "respond to them with a greater put 
down. An example of this is gubernatorial candidate S. I. Hayakawa, a 
political novice but crafty, nonetheless. When students at San Francisco 
State University heckled him about being a racist, Hayakawa asked the 
audience, "Do you want to hear my speech," to which they replied in the 
affinnative. "Then tell those bastards to shut up," Hayakawa shouted. 
Hayakawa later estimated that the remark won him half a million votes, 
presumably because it made his look tough on students hecklers as well 
as on student demonstrators. 

Hayakawa has probably overestimated the impact of the confrontation. 
I don't know if anyone has ever done a study of the impact of heckling on 
political campaigns, or if a choice heckle has ever changed people's 
sentiments on a candidate. 

But heckling has value as an escape valve for the voter who is angered 
or frustrated by a politiCian's speech. It also provides a chance for the 
voter to see how a politician reacts when he is subjected to some stress 
and can't rely exclusively on his prepared speech to carry him through. 

Of course, the pre-eminence of the electronic media in elections today 
takes away half the fun for hecklers. You may get some release if you yell 
at the television set when Ford or Carter are on but you don't get the 
satisfaction of knowing they can hear you. 

White Whales ... 
Saltman looked at me like I was some kind of vennin. " Don't be 

ridiculous," he muttered. 
I watched as Saltman carefully but firmly linked his own hand onto that 

of the weak and confused Chancellor's, and began to lead him away. "I'll 
bring you down," I y.elled. " I'll expose you. My column ... " 

"Fewer people read your column than listen to KSDT ," he said. 
The truth hurt, but still, it didn't make me too unhappy. After all, my 

mission was to discredit Saltman and save the Regents. It would be a 
success. Knowing that a picture tells ten thousand words, I unobtrusively 
clicked away with my spy camera. 

The Regents would pay in gold for the photos of Saltman holding hands 
with the Chancplll)r. 
Colby ... through which infonnation should 

be made available to the public nor 
the nature of the decision-making 
processes which determine what 
information is to be deemed non-
classified. 

triton time8 Moada)" Oetober 11, 1I7t 

Psych & Counseling to Start New 
Women's Consciousness Groups 

by KatberlDe IIaDDa 
Staff Writer 

The first session was not an 
overwhelming success; in fact, 
only one person showed up. But 
that didn't discoW"age psychologist 
Sharon Young from continuing her 
new Woman's Consciousness 
Raising group which was easily 
filled by the second session. Now 
she's interested in starting another 
group. 

The sessions are designed to 
make women aware of the con-
ditioning they've undergone in 
society. Each week a specific topic 
pertaining to all women regardless 
of age such as; Women and 
Economics, Women and Anger, 
Dealing with Gynecologists, and . 
Rape and Sexuality, is opened for 
discussion. All women are given 
the chance and W"ged to speak out 
on their own views, noted Young, 
without the fear of confrontation. 
"Women are attacked enough in 
society today," said Young. "We 
see oW" group as a safe en-
vironment. " 

Young theorizes that society is 
divided into two "races"; the 
dominant and the weak, with 
women belonging to the latter 
category. Men traditionally take 
on the stronger human charac-
teristics and let women feel for 
their emotions, weaknesses and 
vulnerability. Because of this, 
Young concludes that both men 
and women are " half-people," and 
that the present feeling of women 

entails having " less confidence, 
less skill and being less goal-
oriented. " In noting a need for 
change in men and women, Young 
said, "we have to move from a 
personal to a political view, of a 
woman's role." 

Young says the second group will 
start with the topic of stereotypical 
aspects of what's masculine or 
feminine in our society. Anyone 
interested in joining is W"ged to 
contact Becca at the Psychological 
and Counseling Center. 

Your Editor is Liberal 
(CPS) - Who's the boss of the 

paper you're reading? 
According to a California State 

University sociologist, the average 
American student editor is white, 

- male, liberal and Protestant. This 
description holds true in~very part 
of the country in every ~ school, 
says Troy Zimmer, a professor at 
CSU Fullerton. 

Zimmer, in quizzing 248 editors, 
found that while 92 percent felt 
their paper had a moderate or high 
impact on the "informational 

level" of their readers, most saw 
themselves as mood "reflectors" 
rather than "shapers" even though 
64 percent thought it was im-
portant to increase their reader's 
socio-politicalawareness. 

Zimmer also found that more 
liberal editors placed more im-
portance on raising reader's 
political consciousness. In any 
case, only six percent of the 
responding editors felt their 
credibility was ever the least bit in 
question. 

MG 
Jaguar 

Triumpt,l 
Alia Romeo-Fiat 

Datsun 
Toyota 
Volvo 
Saab 

sports & foreiqn car service 
7638 Fay Avenue La Jolla l45l4-1920 

cttm~T~~ · 
.~ 
BIRKENSTOCK~DON'T FIT LIKE 

SHOES. THEY DON'T FIT LIKE SANDALS. 
THEY FIT LIKE FOOTPRINTS. 

1444 Cemino Del Mar 

punish an employee who leaks 
secret intelligence. " He pointed to 
the agency's 1973 undertaking to 
encourage its employees to gather 
material concerning possible 
questionable activities as an 
example of the CIA's ability to 
internaUy-cleanse ~tself and be its 
own watchdog. "The American 
people must perceive intelligence 
as doing the right thing. It has long 
been believed that intelligence has 
its own ways of doing things and its 
own things to do ... which we don 't 
like to talk about. " 

************************************** *************************. 
: MOnda, light Football SpeCial I ll£' Ii ~i'" () : 

StreSSing the necessity for 
dissemination of information about 
intelligence activities and terming 
this " healthy", Colby still did not 
clearly delinea te the channels 

ANNOUNCIEMENTS 
The Academic A.dvising Staff of 
John Muir Colle{ e will hold its first 
Open House on rhursday. October 
21 , from 3:00-4:30 p.m. In ,h~ Muil 
T. V. Lounge ... V Ie look forward to 
seeing comml.tets and dorm 
students and we come any and all 
quest ions. 

The IndependE nt :,tudents for 
Democracy are c. irculaling petitions 
for referendum-owe need your 
support. If you are interested in 
actively supporting a vote of the 
students contact at M uir Joe 
Radding ph. 452-0997 at Revelle 
Peter Stone 453-2991 . Help us 
further the D mocrotic process of 
voting. Thanks . 

i Spaghenl Dinner onl, S.75 .~ () ~ ~ i 
*

# ~~ O~ # Spaghelll wllh Meal Sauce ~ ~ ~ * 
* Sid ~ ~ * # Tossed Breen a a ~.... ~ I 
# Herb DreSSing I Barllc Bread ~ ••••••• featu..-.n., ••••••• ~: 
i Bar SpeCial Seafood Cock,.tails ! 
# Mixed Drinks 1.75 ,well Only) Ortega Stea" Prime Rib I 
*** Coors 1.80 Steal, & King Crab! * 

Drall .50 " i you May 1110 Order from Reaular Menu FEATURING Nostalgic Reco,dings : 
*

# 01 the I 
* We Have a Color TI I 1«7 UA~I) * 
: LOOking for Lunch Oll-Clmpus 7 ~ : I Lunch 11:30 to 2:00 Din"., 5:00 to 10:00 * 
: We're Only Iwo Mlnules Down Iha Hili located in the Andrea Villa Hotel # 
# Try our Evaryday LunCheon Ipaclall 2402 Torrey Pines Road 1454 - 2313 j 
* for I Chlnga 01 Pica from On-ClmpUI fl'. Near Ardath Road at the Five Flags I******************************************.~*****.*.********** 


