
Bernstein.: ~It's Time ' Press 
turned . Criticism on Itself" 

by Dorotlty H .... toa 
Staff Writer 

Either Dustin Hoffman looks like him, or he looks like Hoffman. Either 
way, they both look obnoxious. One can see why so many doors had been 
slammed in his face. But he muSt possess a lot of chann to have gained all 
that information about Watergate. 

He is Carl Bernstein 01 the Washington Post, the so-called folk hero of 
journalists. Speaking before a large crowd at San Diego State University 
Sunday, Bernstein covered a wide range of subjects, ranging from 
journalism in this country to the Watergate scandal. He wa.s especially 
harsh on his fellow journalists. 

Bernstein pointed out what he feels is a failing of the press! "Press 
members are merely reporting public announcements - they are prac-
ticing qJere stenography ... they don't subject statements to the test of 
truth." lie said he agreed with Spiro Agnew's 1969 statement that, "It's 
time the press turns its critical facilities on themselves. " 

Bernstein cited Watergate as a specific example of this "mere 
sten~raphy." "Out of 2000 reporters assigned to Washington DC, 14 were 
assigned to the Watergate scandal," Bernstein said. Of those, "only five ' 
or six of those were covering It from the point of view of-wlt,lt had ha~ 
pened." .. 
. Implying that the public possesses an impression that the media's 
handling ci the Watergate affair was an impressive feat, Bernstein said, 
"I don't think Watergate was a cause of self-congratulation or mutual self Tomorrow 's structural engineers, these future AMES students busily con · 
back-slapping on the part 01 the press." str'uct a sandcastle at La Jolla Shores . [IT Photo: Bill Brooks] 

Woodltebl ad Cbe FBI . 
Bernstein c~ the methQds of investigation used by his colleague 

Bob Woodwafd and hl.maelf with thole of the FBI. "Our approach of 
covering the story was exacUy opposite to that used by the FBI," he said. 
"The FBI interviewed White House staff and members of the Nixon Re-
election committee, but only in the ~resence ~ White House senior of-
ficials. We, j)Il the other hand, went to their homes." -

Bernstein claimed the actions1l8ed bl himself and Woodward were not 
extraordinary. They used "regular tecbniques," but, "while the methods 
weren't extraordinary, the informatioo we gained was. " 

~rrgite1g ~ that tbe~ o!, WatetPte di~'tc~use much 
effect .&en they were first belDi wrItten. "The responses of the White 
House toot the fonn of making the conduct of the press the issue instead 
of the President's conduct." The re-election committee, according to 
Bernstein, would claim that "the Washington Post's sources were a 
fountain rl misinformation." 

A "Bematein tenn" introduced to the audience was the "non-denial 
denial" meaning that the White House "wasn't denying nor discussing 
matters" revealed by the media. ' _ 

A surprising point brought out by Bernstein was that at the time of 
Watergate the press was at its "lowest state of popularity in decades." 
Bernstein claimed that Nixon "had attempted to undermine the press 
before Watergate." . . 

Continued on Page 5 

Searching for Jobs. .. 

DNA Researcher Foresees 
Potential Benefits, Dangers 

by Joel C. Don 
AuocIate Ne", EdItor 

Amid the fean of releasing 
.daqerou ......... Ja&e the 
envirorunent, scientists exploring 
the new frontier of genetic 
engineering forsee imminently 
practical benefits for mankind. 
Donald Helinski, professor of 
biology at UCSD, recognizes both 
the realistic benefits and the 
potential hazards involved with the 
current biological investigations 
utilizing recombinant DNA 
technology . 

Helinski contends that one of the 
1nunediate benefits will be a 

fundamental understanding of the 
structure and function of genes. He 
suggests that recombinant DNA 
research will provide " novel" 
insights into how viruses, such as 
the tumor-producinJ( strain§. take. 

Is A College, Degree Worth It? Donald Helinski 
(CPS) - Ten pm, University of 
Minnesota: the doon don't e\'en 
open until 7 the next morning, but 
already studenta are mUUng about 
A janitor shows them the door but 
they sneak back in. 

Other students begin gathering 

.~ 

outside in the cold, dark hours 
before dawn. "I felt like I was 
getting into ~y car with my 
husband in the middle of the night 
to go hilve a baby or something," 
said one student as she joined the 
early morning throng. Finally the 

.. ----,....,.., 
-~ 
--

time rolls around, the doors are 
unlocked and the students pour in. 
Before long, everything is taken. 

That was not the 8Cel)e in front of 
a ticket bootb but rather the 
bizarre spectacle of job-hungry 
students arriving at the Univer-
sity's business school placement 
office. The students were 
jockeying for the chance to sign up 
for iJaerviews with prospective 
employers. These students don't 
want tickets, they want work. 

Work. Many atucltnta are o~ 
'1eIIIed with the idea rl wort these 
daya, mainly becauae they. can't 

~ any. Gw~ ~~n 
report many students are at wit'a 
end at the tbought of .... duation 
and the dismal Job martet that 
I0Il with it. Tales abound of 
atudentI cIubinI off tundreda of 
reIUIDeI only to receive zDcb in 
return. 

All tbJI polnta to the filet that 
u.ou.Ida of former atudenta 
armed eYen wttb muter'. cttcnee 
are anplualDl-wen for a Dvina. 
If tbIJ lin luckJ IDOUIh to ftnd 
'"" .... Jo ... 

........... nrec:kJ 
'lbInp are certainJJ bid now in 

tile Job martet and · the future 
ippIUI 111m .t belt, once one 
•• de. throu.b the Job Ja'" 

C ........ p ... 

over cellular functions. Although 
Helinski believes the research 
needs further advances and im-
provements in technology, he 
insists that "these technological 
hurdles will be overcome in some 
time." 

ControveJ;lial Experiments 
Much of the controversy centerS 

around the transplantation of 
genes from a eucaryotic cell (from 
a complex organism) to the gene 
complement in a procaryotic cell 
(simple organisms such as bac-
teria). Such experiments have 
been conducted at Stanford 
University where genes from a 
toad have been transferred into the 
genome of the E. coll bacteriu. 
Arguments ap1nst CI"OIIlng ~ 
called "species barriers" warn of 
the unpredictable expression of 
thJa new E. caI1 Itrain, with the 
fear that a pathoienic strain could 
ineent a tlnat to society as a 
whole. 

HeUnaki afluu that the 
guideline. publi.bed by the 
NaUonallnstitulel of Health (NIH) 
explicitly forbid aperimentl 
where Imown .. tboIena CM be 
Cl'tlted. He .. ,. tbat we can ooly 
conjedure thIt • ..tbocenlc E. 
coli wtD be produeed fram the 
ClOIDbtnIi&kIn of two DOD-pItbocenic 
orpnIImI. 

c.tIaled _ Pap' 

-Campus 
Reps Here 
Tomorrow 

The Student Body Presidents' 
Council (SBPC ), a group of 
representatives from the nine UC 
campuses, will meet at UCSD 
Thursday night and Friday. 

Also scheduled to appear during 
the two-day period are Daryn 
Peeples, the student member on 
the Board of Regents, and 
representatives of the UC Student . 
Lobby, which represents SBPC to 
the state Legislature. 

According to an agenda released 
Monday, the council is set to 
discuss developments surrounding 
the Registration Fee level, the 
quality of education in the UC 
system, the Regents' budget for 
next year, collective bargaining, 
the effectiveness of student 
governance at the UC campuses 
and the progress of the Bakke 
decision . . 

Thursday night's session is set to 
run from 6-9 in the Student Center's 
East conference room and will 
center on lobby business. Friday's 
session is scheduled for 9:30 am to 
5 pm in the Student Center's North 
conference room and will con-
centrate on other statewide 
matters. 

Peeples is scheduled to be 
available for student input trom 1-.> 
pm in the Vice-chancellor's con-
ference room, which is located 
next to the Housing Office in 
Building C of the Student Center. 

18 Members 
The council--which has 18 

members, two from each campus-
represents both undergraduate 
and graduate students on the UC 
campus. It serves to infonn the UC 
Administration and the state 
Legislature about student concerns 
and desires, according to Andy 
Schneider, UCSD's undergraduate 
:ouncil member. 

Schneider, the Student 
Cooperative (Coop) Union's 
statewide external affairs coor-
dinator, expects "positive things" 
to result from the meeting. 

The most important item, to 
Schneider, is a discussion about 
SBPC's effectiveness. This item, 
which was initiated by the Coop, 
will center on possible methods to 
improve the quality of represen-
tation on the council. 

Another item of interest, 
~mel(ler said, will be the ex-
pected announcement of a 
statewide Reg Fee conunittee, 
which would present a unified 
student response to Reg Fee 
developments. 

Another discussion initiated by 
the Coop will be on how tuition 
levels limit the participation in the 
univenity by minority and low 
inccme persons. 

Scmeider said the meeting of-
fera an opportunity for students to 
make their OWII judgement about 
SBPC's effectiveness. 

"Campus ~ _ion of the SBPC 
bas been based on misreprese~ 
tatton, rumbrlf and misin-
formation, even though lDCIIt 
IbIdeIU bave 
eumJned the councll. Several 
times in ita biatory the C~ bas 
initiMed evaluations of SBPC:.tbey 
have inYOlved much rhetoric, but 
few ~UCbt, construdtve 
ide. for improvement I cha1le. 
ltudeiU to be there," Scmelder 
said. 



..... tritOB tiae8 

I.mprovin. Educational· Q·uality· 
" 

....., ......... 
A~AlfalnI* 

It'slilblJ mleleecttnc to ...... 
tbII& cbangM In a poUcy IDI!Jqal CII" 
addJtIcul .. te fUDC11n8 "OJ • 
prove our immediate IitlIdInt 
condltiCll. 'lbe quaIItJ of a& 

- derJp'aduate educ:atioa II bued 
upon our on community ft-
perieDc:e. Tbe effectivenell ol the 
learning procell Is the ~ 
functioa of penonal InvoJv~ 
and commitment to tbe 
educational CCJIDIIIunlty • 

I have a dream. I envlaJon a day 
In wblcb UC San Dle&o will 
rnglmlJe its pctertial as a ~. 
portlve cammunity ... a community 
in which students, faculty, and 
administrators share equally In the 
process of ereatins, Innovating, 
and communicating knowledge. 

Too often we are constrained by 
tradition and locked into bo_s by a 
personal rear of risking who we 
are. Professors and students alike 
settle into the unthreatened 
comfort of a stand-up, sit~wn 
relationship. The professor stands 
before a mass aoo lectures topics 
by presenting accumulated facts. 
The student in his own safe space 

_ laboriously records the in-
fonnation. Student questioning 
evolves around correct in-
terpretation of the infonnation for 
eventual exams. . 

Any IV...... of a DOl"ID baa great," or "Hi &bere, I tried but 
inany aeepUaaa, but boIIr often couldn't underttand the concept. 
bIve your cJaues taken on tbeIe Help me?" 
c:barac:teriIti? A sit-down stand- Too olten, I have attempted to 
up ..... UmIbIp draIDI. TIle studePt partic:lpate In a cIasa In which a 
recordl unUl Ibort-drculted. 'DIe profelllOr tried to equally share the 
..",..". poura \dIl empty. -mini procell with students. On 

At timeI, the quality Jac:klng the whole, we were not prejJared to 
IDIIIt in our UC San Diego u- accept the cballenle and 
perience Is the dynamic lnter- responIibWty ol equally par-
relati .... ,lip of apIorinl iaIueI ticlpating In the focus and direction 
toaetiler, bldinl fGr the material of study in a coune. 
to prove/clilprove a bypotbeIls; 1be ume ltudents concemecl 
rIskIn& toceIber tolnDo9ate: about the quality of undergraduate 

How do JOU begin to build a edUCatiCll failed to respond to the 
cunmunity of equal sbarin&? What Invitation to venture beyond the . 
caJiaaingleiOOividualdo? safe sit~wn poeitloa. Students 

In the Jut few years, the state faned to read, prepare diacUlSio .. , 
and university have provided or take Initiative in pJanning. If a 
millions for instructional 1m- professor atends an invitation for 
provement. Funds whieb have participation, take the cbaIlenge 
belped to provide course and help other students to do so. 
evaluatiCll handbooks and mini- student partici .. tion hegins with 
grant programs. Use these tooll, • you and builda from there. 
lilt don't misa the most powerful Another key to lmprovinl the 
lIent of change avaUabJe at hand. quality of experience Is an 

If you find younelf motivated awareness of the tenure aranling 
and stimulated by a particular process (approval of who wm 
course, ten lIIe profeuor. become a permanent faculty 

I guarantee belsbe will respond member). Ask your department 
to your personallnvestment. Take bow you can give input in the 
the chance to interact with the process. If you have had a positive 
professor. Such a inter- or negative course experience with 
relationship can create change far an Instructor, . indicate your 
more immediate than a negative feelings. 
comment in an evaluation hand- UC San Diego was designed to be 
book or an attempt to restructure a cluster college system. A large 
curriculum. It takes nothing more university campus which could 
than "Hi there, your class was provide central Ubrary, health 

Next PRO/CON: Abortion 
Abortion is a topic which never quite fades from the scene. We now 

leave this topic in your hands. Is abortion moral? Should the issue be 
decided by the public? When does life really begin? What about the 
woman's rights to have control of her own body? 

In other wol"$: 
Abortion: Pro or Con? 

The Pro/Con column is written by the UCSD corrununity. Each week 
a topic will be submitted for your consideration. We ask that you 
submit your responses in writing by Friday at 3 p.m . Representative 
samples of your opinions will be published the following week. 

Submissions should be typed and double-spaced, on a 74-space line. 
They should not exceed 1·112 pages in length. 

It's ••• A Finals Week,IT 
The Triton Times will print its first Finals week issue Monday, 

December 6. We hope it will serve as a guide to final's week activities, as 
well as some non·textbook reading material. The TT will be available at 
all of its current distribution points. 

Letters to the Editor will be welcome, on any subject. Please limit your 
corrunents to a page and a half, double·spaced on a 74-space line. 

Christmas personals will be available at a discounted rate of 10 cents 
per 100 spaces, with a limit of three personals per person. You can pla..ce 
your Dec. 6 Christmas personals anytime, but be sure to mark them 
" Christmas Personal" . Forms are now available in the 'IT office, in the 
southwest corner of the Student Center. 

center, and research facilities wu 
divided into cluster colleges. These 
individual colleles were in-
troduced to provide a unique en-
vironment in which a small 
community explored a particular 
academic focus. Does the system 
work? Have theIe unique sharing 
communities been estabUahed? 

Community Is an ~pression of 
involvement and conunibnent. 
Your college can be the . 
bureaucracy you have to deal with 

-

to get your card stamped or an 
academic requirement waived, but 
it can also be something far more ... 

If you care, I urge you to share in 
the creation aoo maintenance of 
your college community. Take the 
time to be concerned with the ' 
people you see ~erydsy. Join an 
outing club, put your energy into a 
donn council, participate In your 
college council. Community 
building and the resultinl quality 
of experience is up to you! 

The Question of Tenure Denial Rages On: 'Oh My God! 
A friend hal asked me to forward 

the enclosed memo to you. This 
friend wishes to remain 
anonymous [for obvious reasoUII], 
but the friend feels that the a& 
warranted attack ~ on academic 
standards in the October 11 Issue 
should not go unnoticed. 

D.A.NORMAN 
Professor and Chair 

Department of Psychology 

TO: Triton Times [Attn: Alan 
Russell ] 
FROM: Anon 
Date: October 12, 1976 
Subject: Non-renewal of contract 
for God [no first name] 

I am sorry that I an orced to 
'discuss this matter in public: 
decisions about appointments, 
promotions, and accelerations of 
rank of the faculty 0 Iltht to be 
conducted with higt eSt moral 
regard and with the r peet for 
confidence of all . volved . 
Unfortunately, the 10 tents of 
heretofore confidentla~ d ments 
have been revealed. 

We realize that PNfessor God 
was higbly regarded by some 
students and faculty, but in con-
sidering the granting of tenure , it 
was necessary to review the entire 
licture of God's public service, 
;eaching, and scholarly research. 
Regretfully, despite repeated 
warnings by God's department, 
service in all three areas are 
deficient. 

Outside Reviewers 
The University of California 

relies heavily upon the recom-
mendations of outside reviewers in 
conducting an assessment of a 
faculty member. In the case of 
Prof. God, we were unable to find a 
body- of competent reviewers who 
would be acceptable to the normal 
high standards of the University. 
Reviewers were strongly divided. 
. But even the most ardent sup-
porter of God's work was forced to 
rely on anecdotal evidence, 
achievements reputed to have been 
perfonned sometime in the past 
and, in any event, perfonned prior 
to God's appointment on this 
campus. In general, the evidence 
did not meet the high standards of 
assessment required for promotion 
to tenure within the UC system. 

Teaching 
The review committee found that 

Uod o'St:t:ii1ed U 'Iuite<! for large 
audiences, but seemed to do best 
within small groups or even in 
individual contact. Now, this .may 
be satisfactory if all other aspects 
of a professor's record are out-
standing, but certainly not in a 
marginal case such as this. Every 
professor must teach a fair share 
of the students: God seemed 
willing to take on but a few 
students, and then Qnly if they were 
willing to be disciples. We found it 
beyond reason that a student give 
all waking hours to one professor. 

God was not a clear instructor. 
Our reports indiCflte that God was 

not punctual about meeting with 
assigned classes. Often, God would 
disappear for days or eyen weeks. 
And when God did choose to speak, 
it was in ambiguous terms that 
tended to confuse more than to 
elucidate. We realize that the 
student CAFE reports Of teaching 
are not reliable indicators of a 
person's 'abilities, but God's 
ratings were disgraceful: " lacking 
in enthusiasm" "did not seem to be 
up to date about the subject 
matter", "confusing lecture 
style", "dogma tic··jf you 
disagreed, you had to drop the 
course"-these were some of the 
comments. J 

About the only positive responses 

dealt with lecture demonstratioM: 
these were said to be s~cular, 
often well worth the boredom and 
vagueness of the rest of the class. 
But even here, the demonstrations 
were not to a clearly stated point-
they w\lre sheer theatrics, not 
educational perfonnances. 

Public Service 
There are no positive signs of 

public service. We did receive 
many requests for God to serve on 
citizen's committees, but none 
were ever granted. Prof. God 
seemed totally disinterested in 
dealing' with the general public, 
and our request that God owed 
some responsibiilty to the 
University, to the local com-

munity, and to the country were 
met with an air of amused 
tolerance. 

Publication or Other 
Record ol Achievement 

We can find no substantive 
achievements in this sphere. True, 
publication alone Is not sufficient 
standards for promotion, but to 
have no publications at all Is a 
deliberate slap at our standards of 
excellence. When we hired God, we 
thought we were getting a person 
of high standards, one who was 
slow in getting started, but who 
would make ,8 mark on the world. 

We are still waiting. It is true 
that some earlier remarks at-
tributed to Prof. God have received 
wide circulation and, indeed, have 
formed the basis . for many 
scholarly publications. But we 
remind you that these remarks are 
only attributed to Prof. God. They 
were written .by other people, and 
their authenticity is In some doubt. 
In any event, since arriving on this 
campus, God has failed to publish 
any new works. 

In conclusion, we find G;od 
lacking in all three ol the criteria 
used by the University of 
California in its promotion 
procedures. I>eapite the ,PUbUc 
outcry, we beUeve that denial of 
tenure te Prof. God Is in the best 
interests of the IIludera and 
faculty of the Univeralty of 
CaUfornia. 

WedDelday, November 11,117' 

N'o Slander Intended 
I neither meant slander nor 

misrepresentation in writing my 
article (TT, Nov 1) "Sprecben Sle 
Deutsch, Bille." As a current 
German reaident "ho ... born In 
Germany, I am acutely aware ol 
the stereotyped image presented 
by institutiona sucb as "Hogan's 
Heroes. " I find it sickeniml. 

Thus, I feel very Bellllidve about 
criticism ol the article that I had 
written. I feel then that aome eE-
planation, by myself, Is in order: 

The word "swine" was p~Jy 
used as a pun on Preside~ Foro's 
current vaccination program. 
Nothing slaooerous was intended 
by this. It was not meant to fit the . 
German people into any kind rI. 
stereotyped mold. I can only 
apologize to anyone who saw the 
sentence in another light. 

The inclusion of a cartoon, 
presented abnost as large as the 
article· itself, did, however, 
misrepresent the Gennan people. I 

state now that I did not draw the 
caricature and did not place it in 
the paper. I cannot 6e responsible 
for additional editing or copy that 
was placed in the article. This 
concern should be specifically 
addressed to the cartoonist or the 
managing editor, not to me. 

The Gennan club and the dorms 
both represent a very serious 
group at UCSD. Spending two days 
interviewing peoplll at the dorms 

. ~ convinced me of the validity of 
this statement. I would heartily 
recommend anybody who Js in-
terested in Gennan culture and 
language to take part in the Ger-
man club. 

Again, I can only offer my 
apologies to anybody who was 
offended by my article. The 
Gennan donns are most definitely 
not a "Stalag 13." On the contrary, 
they represent one of the most 
progressive forms of housing at 
uam. 

PAUL WATRY 

The Triton Times is published by UCSD students as an off icial student .... wspaper. 
Publica lion Is on Mondays . Wednesdays and Frlda~ durlng the regular school year 
(except on ollicial holidays). E'dllorial and blJslness ollices are located In the Student 
Cenler at the University 01 Caflfornla, San Diego. For editorial . call 452-3-466; for business' 
and display aclllertlslno, call452·~. '. . 

LeUers to the editor and opinion columns,a,e welcomed. All submissions must be typed 
~nd,!1..ou_ble-speced 0;, a14=apece line. TheY"'ho~~!.e'!.~ '.1 '! pages In length. 

Submi tted malerlal must beerlhe name and sludent Identification number 01 the author. 
Names can be withheld 1 rom publication on requesl ; ho_lh" n&mes will be held on file 
lor public Inspection . -

The Triton Times __ the rlghllo edit submis8ions because 01 space limitations or 
slyle requirements. . 

Entire conh!nts copyrlghll'!6, lhe Trlton Time • . 

r-------~----~·1fI::Mr. I LlSTENI · I I IIElIC ...... : ",II I 
t cralilia .rlllni • 
• Ind .rt.a ... 1 loan I • 
t land c/o HlileaR .• 
• •• 
• •• t t 
t t L__________ __t 

It All 
Adds . .-

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

Univeraily CIty Office 
3284 GoVernor Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 

"53-8030 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

45~9711 

triton times 

triton times 
David Elsen· Execuliweedlto, 

M at!< Stadler · Maneging editor 
Alan Russell · N ..... edllor 

Alec Nadel man· A_lat. N ..... edHor 
Vera Todorov· Comm..,ltr editor 

Ran AIIbM · Opinion editor 
James G . Solo • "" .. rtllll1ll Maneger 
Becky DeVinney · Production maneger 

SueNe~on-~opy«Htor 
Joet C. Don • AalOClal. ~edllor 

Scott Sadll • Sport. editor 
Tirfl MacKenzie · Arts editor 

, I" 

Bill BrOOks · ,",,010 edllor ~_...J 

Urban I Rural Slu'dles 
Wlnler Courses Are Open 

10 All SI.udenls 
Tile 101l0lling 1111 01 courses Will be ol18red by Ole 
IJrb8n Ind RUral Studl. Program during the Wlnler 
QUlrter 1977. II YOU hl,e Iny Quesllons reglrdlng 
Iny olille coors ... Dlell8 conllCilha ua Olnee. 
411 Mllllle. Clmpus. e.lenslon 3892. 

UII .,ITEI QIIITER ICHEDIlE: 
I.elll, In Iell.. (lbrimOlle., 
RI •• lre. In Pallc, For.lliln (11.lIbl.dl' 

Page 3 

2. 
107B 
110 
12_ 
121B 
121 
1 •• 
111 
170B 
188 
1.0 
1.1 
1 •• 

Inlradlellon 10 Pllnalll Ind Urban ' Deiliapmani (ilambladl' 
laclll P.III~' .nd IRIII PII.nlnl (Hallllz, 
Polle, Ind Pllnnlnl In HI.llar .Educilian (IIalialz) 
"nell , •• 111. (Thallll, 
Cia Ilu.'11 In "11111 Clre prelrlill (BUill) 
IIPICII 01 Bllcll "1.111, (Thamll' 
10Cla· Eeonlllie Cllinia In Dalliailil Irall (Blumbarl) 
Flald Iludl.1 In IJrbln Ind Rurll Iludial 
Iiniar 11.lnlr (Half.tz, 
Dlrectld lroup Ilud, (Iii II) 
Ind.p.ndant Ilud, (111m 

URS 148: Cise Siudies In Hellth Clre Progrlms 
Dr. Inn BUlh. Inslructor 

'lia lurlill at 11111 eaurla II 10 Iliaci Idanlillad POlullll.nl IUh 
Ilael.1 fta •• 1 ••• rlila. Ih.lr 1111U1 at e.rl. tlcllrl InlluanCIII 

. luelda.el 01 dlla.l. Ind ••• ,. Ira.'lml •• allilell Ind '1lllllltlla 
••• llr.1 rel.lad 10 .a PNIIII ••• t clra. '.11 ••• Id ba papillll.1 
.1 rlill ( ••• II.·.II.,··I.a la.r (rur.1 •• d urbl." malllirl IRd 
c.".ra •• 11 •• rI,. 

PIEREQUIIITEI: UPPlr Dllilian 11 •• dlnl .r p.rmlilian 
allRllructar ,d'PlrllDanIIIIIIIlD). 

M •• dl'l •• :00 10 1:10 P.". ILH 110 

URS 24: SOciety In 1CU0n • 
Profllsor J. IbrlmOVicli. Inllructor 

'1111 c •• rl. l.cl.d.1 Ilcl.1 Ilr.lltle.lla •• I'DOlall'l. Ind Indlc.tarl 
11.lel.1 11r.llne.llll. lael.1 clili. a.,llel •••• 10ClII c •••••. 
F ••••••• I.I •• relleal ••• ,..e •• 1 ........ , ., I •• 11111. l.cl.1 
••••••••• • ......... rll ... , •• 11, •••• eln •• I.. • ...• Ie 
1In"'1 Will .... 'IClII. I ••• _, •• , IIIMI.I ell.11I ••• !.... ___ 
CIIIIII. 

PIE.E ••• IITES: ••• 
......... ,. 1:.1-1:.1 •.•. III 2211 



..... 

SaQrament'o 
Correspondent 

Applications are now being 
accepted for the position 01 
Sacramento correspondent. 
Anyone with an interest in 
journalism and state govern-
ment is urged to apply. You 
must be available to work full-
time from January 1 - June 30, 
1977. 

For more information and an 
application contact: 

OP. "., Trit .. n... 

......... 1 .... " ...... ',N ....... 1I,1I'JI 

CULTURE POET BARAKA HER~ 
...:=:......:::=......:=--:-----;:---;--;;--:--:scbed:i: uled f Sunday afternoon The Uterature DepartmeJj and 

Starting today and lasting f 3'00 :7'00 In the Student Third College have alao slated a 
through next Tuesday, poet Amiri rom.· round table discussion on Marxism 
Baraka (Lerol Jones) will be here Center Lounge, and the black COJIlDlunity to be 
as part of the year-long series on Baraka Is the fint of five held Tuesday night at 7:00 In the 
black culture presented by the visit Casa Real Aztec Center at San 
literature Department and Third ~~:a =-= ~~ DlegoState Unlve§ity. 
College. 

TomolTOW, Baraka will read bis 
poetry In the InemaUonal Center 
at 7:30 p.m, On FridaY, 'Baraka 
will speak on black and 
revolutionary art of the eo. and '1011 
at 7:30 in TIUd College Lecture 
Hall. The public will have a chance 
to meet Baraa at a reception 

God.-

Wanted: Staff Writers and 
ProduCtion Assi-4Jtants 

vast. If you've always wanted to 
work for a real honest-to-goah 
neWspaper, this Is your bil 
opportunity. Aspiring news 
writers ' should see Alec 
Nedelman. Future production 
assistants should contact Becky 

S"'1It C.nter 1·016 La Jo. 92093 452-3466 

We urge the students and faculty 
to unite with us In the search for II 
proper successor to Prof. God, one 
who will be an outstanding teacher, 
who wiD advance the field of 
academic scholarship, and who 
will bring credit to the name of tbis 
University. 

Want to have an opportunity 
to be called a "nattering nabob 
of neptivlsm"? Or do you Uke 
solving space and shape 
orientation problema? The 
choice ts yours. We need staff 
writers and production 
assistants. . DeVlMey. They both can be 

found occasionally at the TT 
office, which is located In the 
'Student Center, directly south Completed applications must be received by FrIfty, 1Iov. 19. 1871. 

The hours are variable, tbe 
pace beetlc, the pay crummy, 

--

Over your career, Washington fat -cats plan to take alm~st half 
of your life's earnings to spend for themselves. They call It taxes. 

We call it a rip-off . Now's the time to get' em off our backs and 
out of our lives. You decide. Join the sheep ready to be sheared . 

Or join YAF's drive to cut bloat out of government. 
And help starve a feeding bureaucrat. 

ZERO GOVERNMENr GROWIlI. 
-----------~----------------- I I ~Ar C-07 I 

I TO ZGG Campaign .,..- I 
I Woodland Rd YOUNG AMERICANS fOR fREEDOM I I to,hng, VA 22170 I 
I It's aboullime. Tell me how I can help I 
I I I "<1m.. 3yl' -- I I "ddr" s I 
I ___ ~______ tAIl' IIp___ I 
I ,Clly 

, I I tl'll'l'h""" -------- J L __________________________ _ 

clEONA. 

WedDnday, November It, 1t7I 

Genetics. .. 
"No one has either deliberately 

or inadvertently created through 
genetics experiments a patho~en 
out of E. coli K-12," Helinski said. 
He added that, " It Is not easy-to do 
so." 

Helinski said It is possible that 
we might "conceivably upset the 
evolutionary process by combining 
eucaryotic DNA in a procaryotic 
cell," but believes that any impact 
on the evolutionary process would 
be "negligible". According to 
Helinski, reclllllbinations occur as 
natural events in our own intestinal 
tract. He stated that whenever we 
can, both animal and plant DNA 
are brought together with the E. 
coli in our gut, allowing any 
number of genetic recombinations. 

Practical Benefits 
One of the "realistic" benefits 

that recombinant DNA techology 
expects to bring is the engineering 
of nitrogenfixing bacteria. Helinski 
asserts that the Rihzobium bac-
teria, which is involved in a 
symbiotic relationship with 
leguminous plants, can be 
engineered_ to produce higher 
yields of fixed nitrogen by the 
incorporation of many copies of the 
nitrogen-fixing gene into the cells . 

Jobs.. 

Thus, without necessarily altering 
the structure of the Rihzobi wn cell, 
recombinant technology 'could 
increase the structure of the Rilr 
zobium cell, recombinant 
technology could increase the 
bacterial output" which in turn, 
would increase the world's food 
supply. Helinski agrees that 
studies must be made to determine 
if this hybrid strain of bacteria will 
have a serious effect on plant 
ecology. 

With the population increasing 
and medical care being extended 
to the poorer countries of the 
world, Helinski believes our 
sources of insulin will not be able to 
meet the future needs. Through 
recombinant technology, it is 
possible to create insulin 
producing strains of bacieria, but 
Helinski warns of the potential risk 
of releasing these organisms into 
the environment. 

"One shoul~ carry out this type 
of experiment only with an E. coli 
bacterium that is disabled and 
rigorously tested to assure the 
strictest biological containment," 
said Helinski. "There should be 
absolutely no probability of its 
surviving outside the environment 

berwoc~y spewed forth by Unc1e Sam says they are. 
economic cheerleaders like The basic reason for .this jobless 
political candidates and placement mess is simple, economists agree: 
officers. . the economy. is just not abl to 

Currently, unemployment is generate' enough work for 
hovering at the 7.8 percent level· everyone who wants a job. It's true 
overa ll ; 12 .7 percent for blacks, that there are more people working 
18.6 percent for ' teenagers and 40 than ever before, but aUhe same 
percent fo'r urban black teenagers. time there are many more people 
Those figures are the highest since not working who want or need a 
the Depression and one should job. . 
keep in mind that those are the One ma.jor reason is that women 
government's figures-many ex- have entered tbe work force in 
perts put the overall rate at 10.5 large numbers In the past. couple 
percent with all other figures years-29 percent of U.S. women 
dozens of points higher than what work.ed in 1956 while 36 percent 

Bernstein ... 
Lying Before Watergate 

Bernstein briefly listed some instances such as " ITf, Cambodia and 
Vietnam" as pre-watergate Instances lIIV01VlIlg goverrunentallYlIlg. Ite 
circled back to his original criticism that· "the press didn't subject those 
events to truth, yet dismissed them as mere paranoia." 

Concerning President-elect Jimmy Carter, Bernstein noted that we 
have a "new cast of characters coming in" and expressed his feelings on 
how the press should view the new cast. "We have to get back to basics 
a nd rea lly watch what they do and Rot wha t they say." 

In the question and answer period following his talk, Bernstein 
revealed that " Deep Throat" Is not a "her." He also stated that the movie 
'All the President's Men' Is very close to the book" and that he had 
worked on producing the movie. 

triton time8 

of the lab that is produl;ing the 
insulin." He noted that if an in-
sulin-producing strain ws· 
released into man's environment, 
it could initiate an irreversible 
disaster, as an excess of insulin in 
man's system is lethal. 

Helinski also suggests that with 
increased resistance to antibiotics, 
we will have to turn to new sources 
of antibiotics. Genetic engineering 
on the microorganism strep-
tomyces would solve much of our 
antibiotic needs, according to 
Helinski. 

"Our hope is that by gene cloning 
techniques we can combine genes 
from dif£erent streptomyces 
species in order to come up with 
combinations of genes that will 
produce new antibiotics," Helinski 
said . 

In passing, Helinski contends 
that the genetic engineering ex-
periments are not going to produce 
deadly organisms because we 
"can't top what was produced by 
the biological warfare labS." 
However, he does believe the 
public should debate 'the Issue and 
have input 'into experiments 
currently being conducted. 

work now-and the number of 
available jobs has n t expanded 
accordmgly. 

Page 5 

r~"'~·~··~·"""··~·"""'~·''''·''-··-··--·~·~··''''··-.~~~·"""" 
( A Campul Program Board Presentation I 
f ' ~ ; : 
, I ; : 
, I 

i f 
'f ~,' For students, there will be more ; 

years of " underemployment" and , ' 
an increasingly flifficult time ! ~ 
finding any sort of job after [ r 
gratiuation. It calls into question I .. j 
once again the value in strict (I j 
economic terms of investing an , 
average of $2,790 for a public t . ; 
college education or ~4,568 for the ; ; 
private school versiori. ! { 

The US Labor Department's ' • 
1976-77 Occupational Outlook t ! 
Handbook states that an "over- t Gus GI-Ordano 1 whelming" majority of job l , 
openings in the Ilut decade will not . ~ , 
call for a four year degree. Those ' JOe : 
jobs that demand college degrees ( azz· ance o. " 
will favor candidates from top , , 
schools like Stanford, whose hig~ ! November 12 . 8.·30 pm i flying Business School reports a ; I 
great year for placing its grads 1 M de Ille Audltorl m , 
with top firms. "You're not buying an v . U : 
four years of school and then a Siu 82 50 G I 84 50 ! 
good job anymore," says Harvard , . •••••• i 
job expert Richard Freeman. l nckets: UC San Diego Box Office 452-4559 i 
" You're now buying four years of ' ''~''''''''''''''''''''''''.''''''''""~'-''-''-'''''''''~''''''''''''~''''''"'''''.~''''' ''-''~'-.t-
school and three years of flugging 
around ." 

UCLAeXtension ill cooperation with the U.CLA School of Law 
presents 

Attorney Assistant Training 
Certificate Programs in 

~Litigation . 
-Estates and Trusts 

Administration 
Accredited by the American Bar Association 

• Specialist certificate programs begin Spring, 1977 at UCLA 

• Comprehensive 5 -montb day and part-time evening programs 

• For highly q~alified applicants seeking a career in the 
paralegal field . 

• Receive graduate level in~truction from practicing 
attorneys and attorney assistants 

• Housing and employment assistance available 

• In Litigation: Learn marketable skills in trial procedures 
relevant to criminal and civil law 

• I n Estates : Learn marketable skills in the administra-
tion of estates, wills, and trusts 

--------------------Applicat ions available 
l1li ... immedia~ely . For full deta ils 

wrtte or call ' 
Attorney Assistant Training 
Programs, UCLA Extension, 
SUite 214 . P.O . Box 24902 , 

_

.111 Los Ang les, CA 90024 
(213) 825-0741 . 

UCLAeXreost()() conllnUlng educollon 

Come .. 
Train at 
UCLA 
PI .. M rush applic:.tion tD 

Name 

Address 

CIty 

Slale ZIP 

--------------------

I 
I 



... 

r .................... ~ ..... ".. ~, .. , .. " .. ~~ ....... , .. ~ .......... ·1 
I Fourth College Presents , 
i Th Third A I F o-urth I This week, because of the onset of playoffs, tournaments and a previous ! e nn na. neglect of th06e addicts of the white leather bell, I bring you aJlOtpourri of intramural action. College Harbor CruIse 'Not because there was a n~U:l~~on. on the volley~ scene do I 
, l bring you, the reader, some insight on the Mitch and Charlie Show,rather l Saturda y, November 20 l I have been, wltil now, uninitiated to the Intramu~ Volleyball Program. 
; • . ~ But now thanks to my gurus, Charlie Mann and Mitch Kobara, I am now 
, afloat on San Diego Bay . t . able to ~e some digs at this second most foreign of sports (innertube l ' f f· ......... d .1- . water polo ranks number one) . . ph ... 452·4511 or .,_r .ta... -l The special commendation award (or maybe a purple heart?) goes to 
--.. - .. -.---.-.. - •• ---------.. - .. -. the INMATES,a team that was removed from a B league and imprisoned 

. ' CPO Presents 

Friday & Saturday.Films 

IfTE 
WEST 
ITI"'''' . JEFF BRIDGES· ANDY GRiFfTIlI 

DOIIAIJ) PWSEJIa 
8LYTIIE DANNER 
4W81RK1111 

I!\ ,..,.. ... 1,.,111 ~ MGMV·lJIIIM ...... 
FILMS INCORPO R 

Hearts of the West 

FrIday, NOClember 12 
7:00p .m . &0 9:30p.m. 

USB 2722 
$1.25 

and 
Saturday, November 13 

Gary Cooper In 

"Aionq ~ame Jones" 
& 

"Hiqh Noon" 
USB 2722 

.1.00 
Ticket. UCSD 80x Office 

452·4559 

SPECIAL 

RINGDAY 
Wednesday I Norem"" 10 
Thur,day I Norem"" J 1 

Friday, No~.m".r 12 
facie Doy J 0·3 p .... 

$5.00 off erny flold rinfl 
. and 

$30.00 off tit. "eu .. laud." 

THE SOLON· RING SPECIALIST 
j 

WILL BE HERE TO HELP YOU 

DESIG' THE CUSTOM RING 

THAT IS MEANT JUST FOR YOU 

see the rings on display at 

Ullinrs;ty loobtor. 
452·4557 

SOLON RINGS 

in an A league. Against all odds and the best volleyball players in the 
school the IMA TES have manged to escape with a couple of wins for their 
determined efforts. . . UCSD 

Tritons U~ft .. So far the winningest team has been the AST.RO-ZO~I~. soortUIj{ a fine 1~ record in the Blacks League. Other teams hanging In there on the winning side include STICKY FINGERS (7-1)J NOONERS !8-0), HALF 
OF ONE (9-1), RAW MEAT (9-1) and CLAIRE'S TEAM (5-1). Also 
having fun but not doing so well include such notable teams as the FIZZ-
FARMERS, NET PETIERS, MUIR SSD's, WOMBATS, and BOO~. So by Roo Kato 
8S not to embarrass any of these fine teams, r~ords have been purposely Staff Writer 
neglected, but it must be said that each team has won at least one game San Diego state's local domination of 
(something that cannot be said of any other sport this quarter). intercollegiate waterpolo has finally 

Some 9f tfie league races are really tightening up as the tea~ ap- ended UCSD broke the Aztec jinx 
proach the playoffs. In the Shores League the SP~ ~TROKERS, D~A Friday afternoon by upsetting the 
DRINKERS and MARU & CO. are all tied for fl1"St With 6-2 records With crosstown rivals in a 14 ·10 victory. 
PLACEBO EFFECT and REASONABALLMEN justa game back with 5- Obviously quite pleased, the 
3 records. 15th Street League action is also very close with the HARVEY exhultant Triton coach Gary Becker 
BALL WANGERS (6-2) holding a slim lead over BLAKE'S BEST, commented, "I've been waiting seven 
SPlKERS, and LES BIIX>S, all with 5-3 records. years for this. State just doesn't want to 

FootbaU - lose to us. It (a loss) would be the 
Playoffs begin this weekend in all divisions, Men's A, Men's B, Men's C greatest insult to them." . 

and Coed. If you made the playoffs check with the Rec Office to find out So as a result, both sides entered the, 
when you play your first game. If you didn't make the playoffs remember contest emotionally fired up. But at the 
that you have a chance to play ?ne last game. Find ~other non-qualifier, end, Becker had every reason in the 
then come in and talk to Mike HIPP to arrange for a field and referees. world to celebrate. His team's victory 

Warming up for the A League playoffs, n rated OUR GANG's Kirk marked the first time ever that UCSD 
Kinsell caught a conversion pass in a 24-7 win over the VIKINGS. It was beat San Diego State. 
believed to be the first time that Kinsell has ever scored. NlD1lber two After exchanging goals early in the 
rated FIDUM SClT was also "tuning up" for the playoffs according to game on penalty shots, the Aztecs 
Bob Banneyer. Banneyer got his first score of the year as well, along. appeared to have the advantage. 
with a couple'of interceptions in a 29-2 win over the NODRAHS. Overpowering UCSDs defense, the 

. Hockey Aztecs pulled out to a three point lead. 
Don't forget the First Annual Kirsner Kup Men's Hockey Tournament The Tritons on the other hand, could 

coming up this weekend. Games will begin early Saturday morning and not effectively operate near their op-
will continue all day. The championship game will be played Sunday pone~'s g~l. . Breaks for UCSD 
moming. Deadline for entering a team is tomorrow. provided the Tritons with their only 

Cross Country' Team Disappoints 
The UCSD cross country team did not fare well in 

the first annual Southern California Conference 
Track Federation cross country championships 
held last Saturday in Riverside. The Tritons 
finished a disappointing fifth out of the six teams 
that make up the newly formed track conference. 

The San Diegans did as well as can be expected, 
however. Number four and five men, Jon Halperin 
and Chris Pritchard, were unable to attend because 
of study conflicts and top runner Doug Jacobson 
was still feeling the effects of last week's heavy 
smog: 

Freshman Alan Bernath picked up the slack for 
the ailing Jacobson and finished in 12th place 
overall with a time of twenty·seven minutes and 

CPD Presents 

Don Mclean 

forty-eight seconds. Jacobson followed in 14th place 
with a time of twenty-eight minutes and ten 
seconds more than a minute off his best effort this 
season. Both placed in the top 15, givlng ,them all· 
Conference honors. Kevin Young was next, con-
tinuing his consistent running as he finished the five 
mile circuit in 19th place (29: 19). 

Junior Danny Ugale (28th place-32:~) and 
freshman Ron Bourret (32nd place-37:00) rounded 
out the Triton contingent. 

. 

It is conceivable that a full UCSD squad could 
have finished as high as 3rd place in the conference. 
The Tritons have beaten 4th place Cal Lutheran in 
earlier meets, and with a healthy team can compete 
with third place finisher, Fresno-Pacific. 

~ke a trip through Zenl 
lit! AricalLSD/Bioflldblc:kl 
Rolflng/Suflsm/TM/Esalenl 
Vogall Ching In this big 
bestseller about the mind 
game by the author of 
The Money Game. Sl .95 

Nooember 19 8:30 pm 
UC Son DIego G1!.m 

VCSD Student. U.50 
General Adm',,'on_ 1. •. 50 

TIcket.: UC San DIego Bo'f OJIfce 452·4559 ...... 

scoring opportunities. CorkY Hull was 
the lone scorer for UCSD as he con-
verted twice on penalty shots. . 

Trailing 5 • 2, the momentum shifted 
temporarily to the Tritons when Dave 
Denton and Mike McGuire each scored 
for UCSD. Technical trouble with the 
clocks then delayed the game at this 
point and when play resumed, San 
Diego State took command on offense. 

State, while running ~to difficlilty 
with the Triton's defense, still managed 
to score their first goal when UCSD was 
handicapped by the ejection of Dave 
Harry. 

Joe Miller then moved the Tritons to 
within one point again on an ensuing 
penalty shot, but the Aztecs maintained 
their three goal lead into the half when 
they closed out the scoring with two 
more goals. 

Good saves on goalie Bob Alel's 
behalf enabled the Tritons to outscore 
the Aztecs by two goals in the third 
quarter. Alei, settling down from biB 
first half performance, held state to 
just one score. 

Down by one point at the outset of the 
final period, UCSD finally tied the 
Aztecs at nine a piece. HarTy; breaking 
away from the pack, scored the Triton's 
ninth goal on a one.on-one situation 
with the goalie. The go ahead goal for 
UCSD came with five minutes left in the 
contest when Miller connected after an 
assist from Harry . 

The TrItons, going with a -new of· 
fensive format scored four more times 
the last ell which came on a no-look shot 
from HU ll . 

A1ei, blocking five shots including one 
penalty shot in the last five minutes 
played his best baH ever. He allowed 
the Aztecs only two goals in the secoml 
half, one in each quarter. 

"We played super," conunented 
Becker. For the four seniors Hull ~cGuire, Miller, and Dennis Thomas: 
It .must have been their most satisfying 
WI/IatUCSD. . . 

All ...... AlteI'lNlti ••• 
s. .... ," •. U .. ~ 

583-lIFE 
Free~,l1udy ..... 

......... 1'1 

......... h ... os Pare 7 

Soccer Team Makes ~layoffs; r~~···~····:::: ...... , 
Game at Westmont· Today : = 

by See« &adD 
SpoI1lEdl .... 

Near the end of the 1973 in-
tercoll~late soccer IlealOn. UC 
San Diego IOCCer coach Dan ~ 
muller was surprised to learn that 
his team bad made the playoffs. 

"I have always concerned 
myself with just one game at a 
time," Rothmuller now says. "I 
don't pay much attention to the 
other schools and standings. I just 
worry about how we play. I did not 
know we were in the playoffs unW 
one of the coaches called me." 

It should not have been much of a 
surprise to the Triton coach. In 
league play that season UCSD was 
IUIdefeated. 

••• 
This year the Triton soccer team 

is again in playoff competition. 
And Rothmuller, after a two year 
coaching absence from UCSD, has 
just about as much regard for 
scheduling, rankings, and op-
ponents. . 

After the Tritons defeated 
SOuthern California College last 
Wednesday, the opposing coach 
explained to Rothmuller that 
UCSD had made the playoffs. 

"We play LA Baptist on Mon-
day," said Rothmuller 'after fin-
ding this out, "but I'm not sure 
where." 

It turns out that the only playing 
the Tritons did on Monday was late 
in the afternoon during a practice 
on Matthews Field. 

"The coach from Westmont 
called me this' weekend and said 
thatweplaI~fmrtplayoff~ 
there on Wednesday," said the 
qCSD coach, at Monday's pn<l-
tlce. "I guellS Biola beat Westmont, 
and they both tied for first, so ... " 

Anyway, the 9fficial report now • 'I HAS GREAT HOT SANDWICHfS • 
has it this way; The UCSD soccer . • 
team plays Westmont !nan away • 
game today in the first round of the • . MEATBALL • 
NAlADiBtrictIUpiayoffs. II or ITALIAN SAUSAGE • 

lIan Rothmuller. [TT Photo: Bill 
Brooks] 

The key to the Tritons playoff 
success will probably rest on the 
performance of goalie Hans 
Landell. Landell has been UCSDs 
regular goalkeeper for only the last 
half of the season and has just 
recently appeared comfortable at 
the new position. 

"A 10t depends on him," said 
Rothmuller, pointing to Landell 
who was working on saves during 
Monday's practice. "He's just like 
all the others· on and off." 

A lot will depend on the play of a 
dozen or so other UCSD soccer 
players, which is what Rothmuller 
pays attention to. 

Remember if the Tritons do.win 
this game, coach Rothmuller is 
probably not the best pefSOll to ask 
about when the team's next playoff 
game will be. 

I $119 Expi .... 11/16 • 
I · Umit one per coupon = 
I Mission Beach - AT - La Jolla . • I 714 Ventura PI. 912 Silverado St. • 
I 488-4800 State College 454-3131 • 
I Ocean Beach 5119 College Ave . EI Cajon • 
I 5001 Newport 583-3616 583 N. 2nd St. ' . 

222·1777 440-7323 
-.....................•.• 

Fourth College Presents 
A Dance 

Featuring the "Bison" band 
friday Nove",btr r 2 

':30 p.m. at the Mattlt.", Caf.t.ria 
Pltolll 452·45. J for furtlter d.ta;', 

• fill 
EI ...... 

TIIIrI'.MIRt 
.... 

• "1I0DAlSQUND MOVIE PROJECTORS - OVER $100 Off List" 
"GAC SOUND, 100M, A.eilnlolight "'ovio Com.ro.Coat " 
"1I0DAUIITASOUND MOVIE OUTFITS,SV2 lolow Oeole. Cost 
.. RGAIN TAlLES SOc to $5 .00 

SALE LIMITED TO STOCK ON HAND. 
ADO 3" FOR MASTERCHARGE OR BANKAMERICARD. 

5" FOR AMERICAN EXPRESS 
Flr't 25 People Each Day ~~ Receive FREE Copy 01 ~ .... ~ Kodak '. Guide to 

'

Ameri c a ' , Nati o nal 
Park • 

~ CflmERfI 'WORLD 
Uc;SD will be expecting a good portion of its offense to come from second • 
leadiRg scorer, Alle n Cox [left]. in today's NAIA playoff game at Westmont 
Col/ege . [Tftphoto : Bill,Brooks] . . 

1071 Sixth Ave (corner 01 "C'" 232·5044. We PlY the 
Parkin" W. Pay Cuh for Used EqulpfMnt 

,JUST 
ADD 

ILA 



..... 

lIlt. RISSMILlER IN COOROII~' \ " ~rIO" ~~ 1I"'1f 
I\-~<;;; KPRI ANNOUNCE 

18118N 
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 12 
rAn DIEGO GOlDIn MLL 

l'( . lh A • .td~ l eo6l Sot" DileO C'VIC T"'11Ie 801 (ut u . 
lid .and ' II . Streets H'l" l,lncler Mtll ~ StOfl' "''''' III firh o .Cl!ftnt~ 

'or ,ftfOfr'IO.I ,on ( 04,1 2)6 6~10 

-'"-

,WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 17 
rill DIKO (iOU)Ift .u 

AU SUTS .Ul .... ' 11 .... , ... 
',culi.AWliLablc It $." Ditto Chne. Thealr. eo. Office 

]Io .n, • Su~. ' (o~l.f:j~r;;::;:"~,~:,~ .II...-,tro ,.j'M," 

IIIIHIII 
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 30 
_ DIMO ___ -.L 

IUlIIl.I.IIIIO". $1.11 
' ,ckets A~M l lb lt .. t Sin Ihe,. t,y.e 'flutl' 10' Ofllu, 

Jld and' " Sltul, H'&II""'''' Men' , Statn and all M.llo I.l tll(IH 
rOI ,,,fo , 1'1.""" " ,, 11 2~ 4510 

( ".Iced II, WOLF .. RISSMILLER CONCERTS) 

Singer Gino .V annelli: ' 
Not Just a Sex Symbol 

by Tim MacKenzie 
Arts Editor 

Who is Gino Vamelli? What is 
Gino Vannein? To find the an-
swer to these and other per-
tinent questions, you had to be 
at the Gino Vannelli concert 
Sunday night at the UCSD gym. 

Gino Vannelli is a Canadian 
vocalist who loves to stomp 
around the stage, striking poses 
and attempting to convey to the 
audience just what a dynamic 
performer he is. He comes off 
as a Roger Daltrey-Robert 
Plant-Tom Jones hybrid, and at 
the first glance he appears as a 
big publicity hype with no 
substance hehind him. 

But first impressions can at 
times be misleaQing. Vamelli 
demonstrated that he does, 
indeed, have an excellent voice, 

possessing power and sen-
sitivity. Behind the mucho-
macho approach lies a sincere, 
and at times low-key per-
sonality. Now pac;kage that 
voice and personality in a pair 
of tigtt denims, add a pair of 
knee-high boots, and you've got 
a Gino Vannelli . 

The mus,cal style is If sort of 
progressive spaghetti pop, with 
plenty of synthesized keyboard 
music to support Vannelli 's 
vocals, and the result is a sound 
that is quite unique. Vannelli is 
obviously aiming his show for 
the eventualities of Las Vegas 
while spurning the traditional 
rock concert circuit. Given the . 
format of his show, the aim is in 
the proper direction. The 
arrangement of the set provided 
for some variation between the 

Gino Vannelli 
high powered synthesized 
music and the slower, more 
romantic ballads (which 
Vannelli seemed much more 
adept at). 

Vannelli appears heU-bent on 
taking the US by storm, and he 
might succeed. However, he 
needs to impress the American 
audiences with his talents as a 
singer, not just as a strutting 
sex symbol. After all, take away 
the tight jeans and what have 
you got? 

Clowning Around With Dimitri 
Bennett E. McClellan came Saturday night expecting to 

see Dimitri use social or politiical 
" Oo-Yoi-Yoi-Yoi-Yoi-You!!!" them~ to deepen the soul of his 

(Joi) Who gives concerts on two work. Instead, I saw merely 
concertinas or four saxophones- (merely! ) a tour-de-force for a 
simultaneously'! Dimitri! Who great performer. There was, of 
juggles ping-pong balls with his course, nothing wrong with what 
mouth while balancing spinning Dimitri chose to give us. Nor do I 
plates on meter-long sticks? believe that every performance 
Dimitri ! Who kept the Mandeville should deal with social-political 
audience vacillating between issues. But I did leave the per-
laughter and applause for over two fonnance thinking what an ex-
hours last Saturday night? Dimitri, perience we would have gotten had 
the Swiss Mime-CIown! . Dimitri chosen to delve further into 

From the moment he walks on the human experience. 
stage strurruning his mandolin, the .I applaud the CPB for engaging 
virtuosity of th1s performer C S 
bewitches and awes us. He does oncert. cene 

Dimitri and hope they will con-
tinue to book mime acts. Certainly 
mime is a dynamic art and one 
which had the power to move us to 
tears of joy. It is, unfortunately, a 
much neglected act in America. All 
too often, good mime artists-such 
as Riclunond Shepard-diffuse too 
much of their craft on 

"Hollywood" type entertainment. 
Schlock. I hope the example of the 
European mimes will cause us in 
the coming years to examine more 
carefully the :!erious use of this 
potent art form. 

nearly everything we expect of a 
clown-and then ever so much 
more! Acrobatics, singing, 
juggling, pure clowning-
everything! With the wide-eyed 
openness of a four year old, Dimitri 
flirts with audience members, 
challenging them to take one trick 
or another when it seemingly 
doesn't work for him. Didn't you 
want to cuddle the poor little fella? 

Patti Smith, George Carlin To 
Perform Here This Week . 

The " Rock n' Roll Queen" Patti 
Smith will be appearing tomorrow 
at the San.Diego Civic Theatre at 8. 
Joining Patti Sm.ith will be guest 
stars Sparks. 

This Saturday, November 13th, 
will witness the return of George 
Carlin to San Diego. Carlin will 
perform at the Civic Theatre at 8. 

On Sunday, Labelle powers its 
way into Golden Hall with special 
guest star Gil Scott-Heron. 

I did. But somehow his tricks all 
worked-eventually, that is, after • 
he had spent an hilarious time 
building us up for them. And that 
smile! From ear to ear and back 
again upon his clown-white face! I 
found it near impossible to keep in 
mind the fact that this "Wun-
derkind" '/fas really a 41-year-old 
professional entertainer. Such is 
the magic of expertise! 

However, the content of 
DiIhitri's program did not totally 
satisfy me. Because of encounters 
with other European mimes, I 

Next Wednesday supremo 
guitariSt Rory Gallagher will be 
performing at Golden Hall. 

At UCSD today will be the third 
in a series of five Wednesday noon 
luncheon concerts at the Man-
~ deville Center. Chris De Lise, 

.George Carlin 
.............. -.._. __ .. -......... ~.- .. -.. ..-.. --.....--....-.. -.. -.. -.. ~ ......... ~.~ 
! ~ 
; CPR Presents i I Guarneri Strinq ! 

~ Cluartet' i 
( l ( , 
I l 
! ( 
t \ ! ('. Program Feoture. I l Haydn. Bartok , 

Continued on Page 10 

There IS a 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

McaT Ov.,35y .. n "I of experience OAT and IUCc:.u 
Small CI ..... LSAT Voluminous home BRE study.mlteriall 
Courses th~ ... ARSB constantly updetMi 

OCAT 
CPAT 

T • .,. feeilltl_ for 
'IVilwl of cl_ 
InIons end fo, Uti 
of 1U"",.".,ta", 

m~.,i8Il 

FLEX M ........ '" for ECFMG m~ __ 
IAT'L MEO BDS 

SAT" V.' 
.SAN DIEGO CENTER 

2180 O.met. Peclflc 8-" 12101 
Phon, m-m-.., 

i ~-~~ , 8:30p.m. I Mandevll'e AudItorIum 
, Genera' Adml •• lon '5.00 l VCSD Student. 11.50 
I Ticket. UCSD 80x Office 

~ . . 

EDUCATIONAL 
CENTER 

Br. nch. in major us citl. 
lind Switltrl.nd • ~ 452·4559 

; ........... _._._._ .. _ ....... _ .. -. ....... _ .. _._"_._._ .. _ .. _ .. _-....... _.( 
. " . 

----------------------------------------------~====-------~--------------------------~~ 

no,(~-18 
THE ORIGinAL 

guaranteed to make your feet If'Ililel 

SinGLES $6.00 I 
T-SHIRTS $~.951 \ 

1261 Prospect Ave. #2 
ACROSS FROM lliE OiARlHOUSE RESTAURANT 



.... 1. 

Co- Ruulu 
.. ..,.IJIAJ •• 4' 2-J468 

THIRD COLLEGE BIOLOGY MAJORS 
ATTEND 

FACUL TV /STUDENT ASSEMBL V 
BSB 2100 5:00 p.m. 

Thursday, November 11, 1976 
Topics CO".,.": 

.... Gene'aI Discussion of Biolo" Maior P'Of,a .. 

.. "Revi,. of 10." Divisi ... Courses 

.. "Re"i •• of Ma;or Requi" .. ,.ts 

[Refreshments wi"" Strlf.,,] 
Serving N-orth County_ 

and UCSD ... 

Specializing in Water and 
Flexible Contact Lenses 

Orthokeratogy 
Visual Perception 

J J 50 Camino Del Mar Suite 8 Del Mor 
For on Appointment 755-5484 

U(S DRAMA DEPT. 

• 

Plnum:fNE 'MNER (ITY CULTURAL (EN'(p5 PR02UCTIONS OF 
·BOESMAN. LENA;tJ.~1'+..M1& 
+THE BLOOP DOT" 

~l~!& L 
$1.00 

• 
, IlU' THIATI\..L Of"<[ .... :fRI.16-... 

• 

triton times 

Wlllte-\Vbales 
aQd 
Ot~er 

MellJorabllla 

• Cl 

'''.O '~ ," . 
w b • j 
... 

: 0 ~ 
')' , -
, 

f 

Act ..... a detective, Olll' bero allVened aD appareat "8 pia" COD-
splracy. TIle aut week be panued tile vocatloa of a. IIlVestlptive 
reporter, aad wu clued ID apoII aa lasldloul orgaalzatioa called tile 
KOlber NOltra. Deep tbroat, tbe laformaat, w. Ibot don before palllDl 
OD lome deep, dark laformatioa. Or bad oar bero 10ue over tbe deep ead 
long ago? ... . . ... -. . 

Psychological and Counseling Department. Dr. Hugh Pates stared at 
me. "I'm afraid you are nuts," he said. 

"I tell ya, I saw him, doc. Dean Mwphy had just spilled the beans when 
his wheel of life tickered out. In the cold nlght, moonlight kissed the 
shadowed parking lot and afforded me a glimpse of Mr. Big, the head of 
the Kosher Nostra, Father Bernie campbell. He then dis8ppeared into 
thin air." 

Pates sighed_ " If I hear any mOre of your cliches, I think I'll go 
bananas." . 

I struggled in my straitjacket. "Let me make like a banana and split, 
doc. I have to continue my fight for truth, justice, and the American way. 
I'm going against a big organization. but tl1e bigger they are, the harder 

. they fall . Let me out. you dirty rat." 
Pates reached for some aspirin. "Listen, _you dera'!8ed schizo," he 

said. "I'm tired of your gibberish. We'rt; going to put you away. You went 
too far when you tried to pull that dress off of a woman professor, in-
sisting she was a man and one of THEM. " 

" It was a boring lecture anyway, doc, "I said, "I was set up to think she 
was a man. False clues were left for me that seemed to point out she was 
a man. Anyway, she didn't seem to mind." 

Pates sighed, and covered his head in his hands. It was then that I 
sprinted away, straitjacket and all. 

A streaker in the snow running after his clothes had nothing on me. I 
raced around shrieking secretaries and ran for open ground. So far, so 
good. • 

1 found a swell hiding place, and panted there alone for almost 10 
seconds. It was then that Father Bernie campbell said hello_ 

"You," I said. My speech is never lacking in its innovativeness. 
"Shut up and listen to me," he said. "You've spoiled almost everything. 

I'm not a member of the organization. I'm one of the good guys. You 
somehow stumbled on the biggest thing ever to hiUhe university, what 
I've been investigating for three years, and now you've put the mob on the 
alert. We're moving on THEM in minutes." 

"How can I trust you?" I asked. 
"Have I told anyone about your last confession?" he countered. "That 

was a real doozy. " 
I nodded, but added suspiciously. nthat still doesn't clear you with me. 

What are you, a priest or a spy?" 
"Both," he answered. " In between saving souls I save the country." 
"That's a unique sideline," I said graciously, " but what's going on 

here?" 
He started loosening my straitjacket. "You understand I've been 

working from a unique position," he said. "Behind this priestly vestment 
I have seen much. and been abl.; to move aboutfreely. Listen __ ..... 

I heard his story and couldn't believe it. The heads of the biology, 
psychology, chemistry, and literature departments had conspired to take 
over and subvert the world from a UCSD base. The Big Four majors, as 
they were called, had planned their conquest meticulously. They had 
garnered 70% of all majors into their department by persuasive lures. It 
was horrifying. "A's" guaranteed to all who took the.ircourses. 

The conspiracy was deep. 
The biology department was producing functional, living zombies out of 

Revelle students to conquer the world. 
The chemistry department was producing enough heroin and 

psychedelic chemicals to put the earth on a new orbit. 
The literature department was prodding and forcing the youthful 

writers into producing a prodigious amount of mind-<:orrupting por-
nography. , 

The psychology department was spawning a countless nwnber of 
students so that they might brainwash others into believing that zombies, 
drugs, and pornography were good. ' 

"And your meddling almost allowed this to happen," said campbell. 
"But what about my "B pluses" in literature?" I asked. 
Marines were running by us, their rifles brandished. Low flying air-

craft stormed the Humanities and Social Science Building. 
"Your professors still had some pride left, " he said. "Even the master 

plan couldn't make them give you an "A_" Let's face it, you're a hack." 
And though at that moment the world was being made safe once more 

. for democracy, I was not happy. 
Everybody's a critic_ 

CAREER PLANNING? 
CONSIDERING WORLD AFFAIRS? 
Come to 

THE MONTEREY INSTITUTE OF FOREIGN STUDIES 

ARABIC . ASIAN STUDIES • CH INESE • EDUCATION • ESL • FRENCH 
GERMAN • GREEK ' • HEBREW' • INDONESIAN" • INTERNATIONAL 
ECONOMICS . INTERNATIONAl- MANAGEM ENT . INTERNATIONAL STUDIES 
ITALIAN' • JAPANESE • LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES • NEAR EASTERN 
STUDIES • POLITICAL SCIENCE • PORTUGUESE" • RUSSIAN • SOVIET 
STUDIES . SPANISH • TRANSLATION. INTERPRETATION • WEST EURO · 
PEAN STUDIES • TRAINING FOR SERVICE ABROAD: SUMMER seSSION 

• Sommer Sesiion only 

An ,nd • .,.ndenl col .. and ~r8d"'le school o .. nli"9 the B.,A .• M.A . d .. _: T.ochi"9 
C,edenti". ; Certificltes in Treml.'lon, Int.rpr.1ation , Con terence Interprltation. 
Shorl .lerm la"9ulOO 1".ni"9. 130 "";1 .. l outh of San Franc:iKo. Accredil8d bV the 
W"lern Alsoc,lI,on of Senoo" a CoileD". Califo,nll Stll. Boord of EducI,ion . 
v ... ,.,,', Approwd . Fo,fu,thl, inlormalion. viait with Ann Thurber, 
Assoc. De~n of Admissions. Thursday, November 11, 
9 :00-3: 00 . Appointments may be made th~augh the 
Creer Pla nning and Placement Office. 

-
, 

Wedaelday, November 10, 1I'lt 

Socialists, 
Feminists Set 
Meetings 

What did last week's election 
mean? 

Joseph Ryan, San Diego 
cbairperson of the Socialist 
Workers Party, will present a 
marxist analysis of the 1978 
election results today at noon in the 
Student Center's North Conference 
Room. 

••••• 
The UCSD Feminist CoaUtion 

will discuss finances at its meeting 
today at 1 pm in the Women's 
Center. 

The Coalition has been allocated 
funds for the quarter and baa set 
aside today's meeting to talk about 
dispensation of the money. 

"We went through a lot to get the 
money, so let's not waste it," the 
Coalition says, 

Cal State 
Scholarship 
Deadline 

The California Student Aid 
Commission reminds high school 

. seniors and college students 
planning to apply for a State 
Scholarship (Cal Grant A) or 
College Opportunity Grant (cal 
Grant B) that the postmark 
deadline for mailing an application 
for these programs is Dec. 4. 

Approximately 14,900 new 
scholarships for undergraduate 
college students and 6;825 College 
Opportunity Grants for college 
freshman will be awarded by the 
Commission in April, 1977. 
Students who believe they will need 
financial assistance to pay for 
college expenses are encouraged to 
secure an applicstion from their 
school or the commission offices in 
Sacramento inuned1ately. A copy 
of the Fmancial Aid Fotm should 
also be mailed not later than Dec. 
4. 

Those planning to compete for a 
State Scholarship must also 
complete the Scholastic Aptitude 
Test of the College Entrance 
Examination Board no later than 
Dec' .•. 

Concert Scene • • • 
wimler of last year's La Jolla 
ClviclUnlversity Symphony Youth 
Talent Auditions • Piano Division, 
will be performing_ . 

"A brilliant perfonnance, fiery 
but never reckless ... ... "A big tone 
without harshness and a for· 
midable dij(ital technique," are but 
a few accolades critics have 
awarded planlBt Tamas Ungar, 
who will make hla debut in San 
Diego tonight at a 88 part of the 
"Wednesday Evenings In The 
Mandeville Center" coo~rt series. 

HELP WANTED 
"How to Mak. S8 to $11 

per hour whll. on 
veeatlon or on weekend." 

$3 pt .......... and Mndll",. 
The Morpn 'rea 

308 South Dixie 
W. Palm Beach, FL 33401 

Weat_,. N." .. INt II, l1'li 

ExamS 

triton time~ 

~ultiple ChoiCe Score_' __ _ 
1, When the owner of Carnegie A-440 was a . ' UCBD grad student and protested commercial 

_ . filming OIl campus, Paul Baltman caUed him . 
a.. "A Fine AmeriCan ... 
b. "A Self AppOinted. Censorship Bureau." 
c. "An Enlightened Critic." 
d. "A Capricious Vigilante." 
e. On The Telephone. 

The mushrooms OIl a Carnegie A-440 
pizza are ... 

a. 

b. 
c. 

Canned pieces and stems 
~ sliced whole mUshrooms 
Organic with only 2% synthetic preserver 
and taste enhancer 

d. Al:ways beneath the mozzarella 
cheese layer 

e : Re-hydrated freeze dried. 

Bring this exam to Carnegie A-440 for 
. scoring by any waitress. 
100%~ 1/3 oft., pitH 
50%: $1 off any piu8 
0%: ,5Oc oft an, purchae 

Opportunity expire. 
NOYllllber 16 

Pa,ell 

Carnegie'A-440 Pizza Hall • 2212 Cannel Valley Road, Del Mar 755-6778 

TRiTON -TiMES 'ClAssiFiEd Ads 
Full Setvlce T~I Agency. All carriers In-
cludi ng chWleral American Youth Hoat.~ 
cards available. Call Baryel or Sam at non 
452-1981 . NO SERVICE CHARGE I ~12t6) 
Ski lhe lleai - Sid Aspen . 6 d.ya liftl, 
lodging. breakf.t, for S2D0: Callurry 463-
1009 (11110) 

EUROPE, ISRAEL. AFRICA 
Student Charte, Ilights yr. round. ISCA 16011 
Westwood Blvd . '103 L.A. 90024 ZJ3 /826-
Ii669 (12/61 • 
BOOK NOW u .... l;AMP-Y,,1 New Yorll & 
Europe 'lights . PSA reservallons CIEE 
Siudeni Travel Services, open Mon., Wed., 
Fri. 12-4 pm. Call.s2-0630\1216) 

WANTEd 
Pre·Law students Interesled In 'startlng In-
lormal club meet Ihis Mon . Now. 881 2:00 
pm. 105 Malthews. Legal AdviSor Tom Hull 
(Academic Allalrs) will aid In discussion of 
Law School Conference (Tues .); posslbilltle, 
lor luture speakers. trips. workshops; LSAT 
preparalion, legal /Issues and curriculum . 
(11/1 D) 

Wanled ' Dead or Al ive-creatlve wril ing and 
an lor Helicon . Send clo Helicon to campus 
ma,l C-005. {1 t l ID) 

OrlVers part-lime, tour service, neat ap-
pearanee. dependable, clean driving record . 
~ate model car. 6 children capability, call 
aUIOl(ing 297-1500 (11112) 

We are a publl.hlng !lrm loo~lng for good 
IYPISls 10 I rain as typeaellera. lf you can type 
45 IN p.m are accurale . and can lake lIexlbia 
hoUis. you m8y lit the Dill. Call 436-3747. (12 /5) 

Top Dol lar paid 'or U.S. Sliver coins mlnled 
belore 1965 Also buying old U.S. COins . Call 
Ken 755-7371 (12/8) 

Xli spring suit In good lhape. Call 272-3870 
liar s pm. . 

fOR sAlE 
Antique Peral.n p81ntlng 011. period cell 
45~272 morna. (11112) 
Mens 10 speed wltll .. t .. "20 "" .... '64-
48&7 (11/1 0) 

N8tded C.sh? Molct of a .hrunken had 
.... 1I8I ·s Creept. Set. 4.14/9 (11/12) 

. ROSSignol skis 190cm Geze blndlnge Homlc ' 
poles exc . COndo one seallOn old $125.00. 
Call 452-93<411. U 1110) 
For Sile: Like new "toaster; '-dies clothe. -
dresses, casual shoe.; pots & pans. 
household misc. Call ~~. (11 /15) 

10 speed bicycle In good condition best 
offer. Call Kalle 454-1618 al1er 5 or belore 9 
(11110) 
un .... Spellkers 2 w.y S30 .. Superecope 
Casena Ok $80 /OI .... n12 Power Amp: 80 Wans 
plell $175 Phone: 755-73211, .sk for Ron or 
Sla'lll. (11/8) 
Soundeslgn 8-track tape-player. Almosl 
brand-new. 525 .00 Alck 453-0785 or 453-6785 
(1118) 
For Sale - Nice sturdy re!lnlShed desk . 535 .00 
or best offer. Alia 453-3123. 
Dlnene table gOOd condilion $10 455-0566 
al1er 5 p.m. 

Moped-Motobecane like new eoo miles, wllh 
car bump.8t rack $290. This Is a st.al .2999. 
. 75~4856. -

For sale: Sony TC277 4-channel open reel 
tape deck, e.cellent condilion . best olter. 
Call 453-7367 , 

Hondas: 1973 CL.J50· new paint . elec . 
slarter, rack, pedded back .. sl. Looks &. runs 
good. 48MPG . Besl o"er. Also: 19i4 305 
Scrambler. Excel. cheap trans. 45MPG . Best 
offer. Must sell both quick ! 299-8961. 

Welsull 'UII SlZ8 M nylon 2 S30. Call 4-tO pm 
YujI481 -Q556. 

SkIiS ' Hexcel 210. K2-3 207 , Hart freeslyle 
190. K2 bo<lls lD-12, Lange boo IS 7-8m best 
oller 453-7367 . 

lIousiNG 
1 male needed to share 2 bdrm 81'1 at Del Mar 
a..ch Club start s winter q .. rter 755-0914 
(n 112) 

Rent room In hoUD In Ct.lremonl. MI.ed 
group Iooklng for I1Onlmolclng '.mall. 27'11-
847e .. ."lng. (11112) 

Nead F hollMmat. o.c. '-utlful IIPt . In W 
unf. own hug.rmSl35mo. PooI .... n •• .-
UCSO. Erlce463-1e80 (11/1 2) 

F w.ntlei '0 11'111 wl3 other In townhom.' ml 
10 UCSD. "00. Quiet ho ... ; poot. jacuul. 
~. (11/12) 

Female nonsmoker rmmate wanted to share 
nloa apt . In P.B. Own rm : quiet location $110 
monthly &. 112 urn. 272-5187 (1 I /121 

Rooms-right on beecII-older motel-friendly. 
not gl.",orousl 5150/mo .-Dr "'a .. rm . $75 
ea. Shower .... TV-.wltchoo.d 8:00 am-l0:00 
pm - wkly maid avc. - no deposij-rent In 
aclvanca - amall pets OKI Del Mar MoIel1702 
Coast Blvd. Del Mar - 75~1534 New mgrs. -
Bill & M~ Gu~ter 

Female rmt wanled to share large masler 
bdrm. I mile from UCSD. Condo wi pool. 
jacuzzi, garage. $100453-6433. 

Female needed for graat '-"" ...... In Del 
Mar - lacuul , pool . $tl5. Call 481 -0261 or 
277-6409 (11119) 

• SERVICES 
ACADEMIC RESEARCH PAPEAS. 
Thousands on lIIe . Send $1 .00 for your 192-_ 
pege. mall order catalog. 11322 Idaho I\v8 .• . 
'206H. Los Angeles. Calli . 90025 (213) 477-
&174. (12161 
Yyping-IBM seleclrlc Iheses, dissertations . 
elc. e'perieneed . reasonable, Mrs. Olds 45~ 
0127 . (12/ 6) 
The Boolt Coop Is alive and well and open M-

. FlO a.m. - 3 p.m . Located near Ihe Revelle 
Lounges . (11/10) 
LOSE unwanled pounds & Inches. Easy way 
to 1000e welghl and keep II offl Call Lynn 481 -
B290 {1216) 
WOMANCARE' Sell-help Clinic. abortion 
prenatal , annual exam. 1050 Garnet P.B. 488-
7591 (1216) 

Tne Golden Age In (;()\Iernmenl. Is It re Illy? 
Including a discussion on EI Moyra', 
Encyclical of World Good Will USB3050A 
755-0818. Fridays 7:30 pm FAEE (11112) 
E.perlenced UC lyplst. lhMes . dissertatiOn • • 
e.pert quality IBM Correellng Selectric 224-
7420 (1 2/6) 

I w."t to ' be tickled. Call chuckles at .s2-
&In. Pleallll hurryl 

pERSONAl 
SAF Hailing. will be held on M&W (the 8th & 
100h) 'rom 1()'11 .m _ 4-8 pm. Call X<I4SO 
for ., 8ppt. or _ InfO. All atucMnt 
o'll."I,_lona datlrlng funding through the 
Coop hIw.to m .... ." appt . (1 1110) 
London Tim. to 1855 and oth.r 
al~. Ant bOot<t bought & ,otd Ex 
Llb"l Bookltore In Solan. 8aaclh 75~7323. 

The Golden Age In Gove"lOlent. Is It Reality? 
Including a dlscusalO(l on EL Moyra's 
encyclical ot Good WIII : US8305OA 7~16 
Fridays 7:30 pm FAEE (11 /12) 
Re'lllile Jun & Sen Interested In applying for 
who's who In American colleges & unlv. Pick 
up applications 8t Revelle Community Center 
or the Provost office. 

I found Itl 

Bltty Buns - You say girts are sexy with tan 
lines, but lhat eliminates 'IIIry tew kinds. 1/ 
'/bu st ick with me Ihen later we'l see If my 
klnd 's the right hind in your line. Kalhy. 

CV. PT. AA, MW, PF. KI( . AN, OP. AK . LH . 
EL . IC . CV : I'm O¥er the hln now. bul «was a 
very nice way to go. Many Ihanks from the 
chocolale kid . - Janet 

"What Is Love?" A 4-hour educalional 
seminar. Sun . NO¥. t4. Dr. L. Holden . 272-
6124 . (1t112) 

" MaIeIFem8le Llberallon": A worllshop to 
ImprO¥e communication and Increase inner 
Ireadom In relal lonshlps wilh the oppesll. 
se • . Sat . N()\I . 13. 10 am-l0 pm. Dr. Larry 
Holden 272-6124. 
The luna Is going 10 be HOT tonlghl l 
Who pu: orange 900e In my Ihermos? SS 

'Twas me. Hee Heel SS 

J. Your a cule kid I would It e 10 see you 
again. So where are you? The Auslrahan. 

To Ihe girl wilh Ihe "nspellable middle name. 
My love lor you I. divergent - II knows no 
bounds I S 

Rose. are b'ack. violets are grey, II you value 
your grandmother, you'lI do what I say . 
tonight et ele'llln. you'lI receive a call , In lront 
01 H.L. from Ihe phone on lhe wall- be thera 
or??? 

LOST ANd fOVNd 
Found - prescription glasses On lawn near 
auditorium tumed lnto Triton Times . 

Lost one pair of R. sunglasses. Gold Irame. 
brown lenses , Pilot shaped . Please return 10 
TIoftlce. 

Found pelr 01 sunglasses on Muir temls 
court Sunday. Call ~-7788 .• 

Found-gold strapless tI~ • • Muir about 3 
wksago. 

I found it! 

~ost - gold 10 bracelet . Ihin chain with 
Debbie' Or>- Inside. Reward. Please call 

Debbie 755-747'11. 

Lost one 3-rl ng notebook. dar!< blue on grass 
belween T.C. rec . room and periling 101. 
Please relurn 10F-l or call 453-8569. 

Lost-t piece lull surfing wetSUlt at Aevelle 
Approx 1116. Call 453-74501 wi ll 10 Doug. 

LoSI - green covered notebook with vis art 
noles Illound call453587t Thank you . 

LOst· Mamm8han Physiology le.1. Please 
r.all 276-3431 Illound Roward Ask tor Kill< 

THINKING ABOUT 
GOING TO LAW SCHOOL? 

If'you are, you should know that multiple lSAt tCores are 
discounted or averaged. To find out why. and to learn how 
you can take advantage of this situation, call us. Learn how 
the lSAT METHOD can help you make YOLJr ttr91l~AT SQore 
your best score! 

lSAT METHOD is a one day course presented by BA~/BRI Bar Review 
5900 Wilshire 8/1id 11610 
Los Angeles. CA 90036 
(213) 9;)7·3620 

220 McAlister Ave 13232nd St 
San FranciSCO, CA 94102 
(<415) 86H1820 San Otego. CA 92101 (714) 236-0623 



Areyou-
on 

Your money in a checking account is just sitting 
" I 

there. No. interest. It's probably even costing 
you a se.lVice charge. 

At liome Federal, you an make money 
on your rnoney ... 51A% in a SAVERCARD Ac-
count. Then, we'll give you up to flve money 
orders per month to pay your bills 0 "0. absolutely 
free, and no minimum balance required. 

Home Federal Savings is just dO\Nl1 the 
h'i11 at- Holiday Court - the closest financial 

institution to the UCSD campus. 
So get up off your money and open your 

account \Alith us ... get those funds working for 
you by saving ... in Home Federal Country. 

Your $2 Billion Family Flnariefal Center 

HOME FEDERAL SAVINGS 
ofSanDicgo 

La Jolla Office: 3211 Holiday Court • 455-0440 
(Corner of HoJlday Court and VIlla La Jolla OrNe) 

'1011" Mar> Thll'. 9 AM·' PM Fr. 9 AM·S 30 PM Set 9 ~ 1 PM 


