
o Refugee 
Doctors to 
Retrain Here 

Two seemingly different 
problems-Indochinese . refugees 
a nd a shortage of health 
professionals in rural areas-are 
being solved by the el)actment of a 
new federal program. 

UC San Diego's School ef 
Medicine is participating in a 
national program to retrain over 
500 Indochinese physicians to 
qualify for American medical 
licenses and to hopefully alleviate 
the lack of rural medical 
professionals. 

The medical school is one of 
seven training centers established 
by . the Department of Health, 
Education and Welfare (HEW) last 
month to prepare refugee doctors 
for the Educational Commission 
for Foreign Medical Graduates 
(ECFMG) examination. 

The 60 students in the UCSD 
program are under the direction of 
David Allen, the Medical School 
Associate Dean for Continuing 
Education. Allen said that the 
ECFMG exam is a major hurdle 
for these physicians because, in 
addition to an in-depth knowledge 
of medicine, the .Indochinese will 
have to gain an insight into 
American culture and fluency in 
writing and speaking the English 
language. 

"Three areas of instruction are 
being emphasized," Allen ex-
plained, " medicine, the English 
anguage, and American culture. 
hat is basically 'what the exam 

itself covers; there are 360 medical 
questions and a language 
eva luation that includes 
vocabulary, comprehension and 
spoken English," he continued. 

Qualified as Any American 
Allen said that the medical 

schools in Indochina were 
generally excellent educational 
facilities with stringent admissions 

requirem~nts. He said that except 
for the language problems and the 
need to expose American medical 
methods and practices to the 
refugees, the doctors are as 
qualified as any American to 
become a licensed physician. 

Before participating in the 
tra ining program, many of the 
refugees were employed as gas 
station attendants, agricultural 
workers or taxi drivers. Without 
the HEW program, It is unlikely 

ConUaued on Page 8 

McElroy Elected Chairman 
of Higher Education Group 

by Ran Anbar 
Staff Writer 

Chancellor McElroy has been elected chairman of a newly formed San 
Diego educators' ~roup, the pu~ o.f which is "to. promote cO?r-
dination, cooperation and commurucatlOn" between 1ts member m-
stitutions. 

The Higher Education Association of San Dieg~ (HEASD).was formed 
Feb. 26 in an agreement which pledges 16 San D1ego accredited co~eges 
to cooperation for " more efficient and effective delivery of higher 
education to the San Diego region." . 

McElroy, HEASO's first chai~, said, " At a ~~e when ~lgher 
education nationwide is undergomg an often d1ffICult perIod of 
reassessment of goals and priorities, we in the San Diego area felt it was 
imperative that we analyze where we are now and how we plan to proceed 
for the future. " 

Member Colleges 
Member institutions of the association are : Grossmont College, the 

Grossmont Community College District, Imperial Valley College, ~ira 
Costa College, Palomar College, Point Lorna College, the San D1ego 
Community College District. 

San Diego City College, San Diego Evening College, San Diego Mesa 
College, San Diego Miramar College, San Diego State University, the 
University of San Diego and UC San Diego. 

The same group of schools two years ago, fO"!led the San D~e~o 
Greater Metropolitan Area Library Council. San D1ego Metro, as 1t 1S 
called, was organized for better coordination of libra.ry se~ice~ a~d 
collections in San Diego County. It has worked to aVOid duphcabon m 
research collections and to ensure that the area's libraries have all the 

resourc~s necessary to meet the growing informational needs of a major 
metropolitan area. 

Continued on Page 8 

Lobby Intern to Work 
For 3rd College Unit 2 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

The UC San Diego Student 
Lobby Annex is sending its first 
student intern to Sacramento since 
last spring. 

Andy Schneider, who was 
selected Tuesday by UCSD's annex 
directors, will leave for the student 
lobby's Sacramento headquarters 
early next week. A meeting of 
spring interns and lobby directors 
[rom each UC campus is scheduled 
for next Tuesda y. 

Schneider, who says he hopes to 
" represent all UCSD students, 
whatever their beliefs or 
opinions," outlined priorities for 
his internship in an interview 
Wednesday. 

Third College Completion 
His first priority is to work for 

the funds necessary to complete 
Step 2 of Third College. Schneider, 
who feels it is very important that 
state legislators be made aware of 
the need for a completed Third 
College, said he is "very op-
timistic" about the chances for 
Step 2's completion. 

His other priorities include the 
passage of three bills. The first bill 
would provide funds for work-
study grants for low income 
students. The other two bills would 
revise the Mulford Act regarding 
students' rights to lawfully express 
their dissent on public campuses 
and require UC to make public 
reports on its employment af-
firmative action efforts. 

The selection of Schneider as 
intern is one of the first ac-
complishments for UCSD's new 
lobby annex co-directors-Doug 
Hendrix , Makini Nash and Martin 
Monica. They were selected last 
month , after the Student 
Cooperative voted Feb. 25 to re-
establish a traditional lobby annex 
on campus. 

The action taken at that 
meet ing actually provided for two 
annexes, as it did not abolish 
UCSD's original annex. The 
original annex had concerned itself 
this year with the abolishment of 
the Student Body President's 
Council, the group that directs the 

student lobby's activities. 
The original annex has come 

under fire for alleged 
misallocation of funds and failure 
to carry out traditional annex 
duties. 

The older annex, as part of its 
philosophical stance against 
traditional student groups like the 
SBPC, refused to send an intern to 
Sacramento during the first two 
quarters of this school year. 

UCSD's last intern, Jim Mathis, 
left Sacramento during spring 
quarter last year, contending that 
the SBPC pulled the lobby's strings. 

Important Is ues 
Schneider, for his part, feels 

there are many important issues to 
be decided this spring that need 
UCSD input. He said he hopes to 
work closely with the Coop and the 
UCSD annex in an effort to 
represent that input. 

In addition, he plans weekly tie-
line contact with the annex and 
Coop and hopes to visit campus at 
least three times during the 

Continued on Page 4 

Nuclear Power 
Symposium 
Set Tomorrow 

Greg Minor, the nuclear reactor 
safety design engineer who 
recently resigned from his job at 
General Electric to protest 
inadequate safeguard systems in 
nuclear reactors, will s peak at 1 
tomorrow afternoon in USB 2722. 
Minor's talk will be presented as 
part of an education symposiwn 
that will run from 10 am to 3 pm. 

Other events will include 
videotapes and talks on the nuclear 
power issue, alternative energy 
sources and Proposition 15, the 
California Nuclear Safeguards 
Initiative. The symposium is 
sponsored by Project Survival and 
Californ ians for Nuclear 
Safeguards, and is open to the 
public. 

Cable TV for 
UCSD Use 

Hearings for 10 Students Resume Monday 

A Possibility 
by Sara Lowen 

Community Editor 
In the next few years, students 

may be able to watch their courses 
on television. 

This is one possibility that Tom 
Shepard, head of the Citizen'S 
Advisory Committee for Del Mar's 
cable TV system, sees in the 
television system that the city of 
Del Mar is implementing. Though 
college courses have been offered 
on television before, this system is 
unique in that it has a viewer 
response unit which enables an 
instructor to test whether students 
understand the course material. 

The response unit coptains 
yes/no buttons by which viewers 
can respond to instructors ' 
questions and a light which In-
dicates if a response is correct. 

Darrell Icenogle , Media Coor-
dinator at University Extension, 
said, " there is a very good chance 
that UCSD extension will offer 
courses on the Del Mar cable 

Continued on Page 8 

Disciplinary hearings for ten UC 
San Diego students charged with 
violations of university regulations 
during UC President Saxon's Nov. 
25 visit will resume Monday 
morning in the Mandeville center's 
east room. 

The hearings, scheduled for the 
next two weeks, will start at 9 in 
the recreation gym conference 
room. Students wishing to attend 
are required to sign up in the 
student affairs office or at the 
hearing room. 

Fifty students will be allowed to 
attend at one tinle, on a first-come 
first- erve basi . 

Murphy 's Inve ligation 

The charged students wer part 
of a demonstration during Saxon's 
visit against alleged UC ties with 
the entral Intelligence Agency. 
Following the demon tration Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs Gorge Murphy in-
vestigated the incident for 
Chancellor McElroy. He charged 
11 students with failure to comply 
with directions from University 

officials , obstructing a University 
official performing his duty and 
endangering a Universtiy official's 
health or safety . 

One student elected to have his 
case heard privately by Murphy. 
The University filed a complaint 
with the district attorney's office 

against three non-students in 
connection with the demonstration, 
but the DA failed to find enough 
evidence for formal charges. 

The hearings, which ran for 
three weeks in late February and 
early March, have been marked by 

Continued on Page 8 

P t r Sch y, d fen e ttom y for 10 ch r 
Photo : Bill Brook) d tud nts. (TT 



..... • rl ••••• 1 on 

./ -

Letters to the Editor 

Bottle Bill: Landscape Gets a Boost 
Our local legislators are going to 

vote on Senator Orner Rains' 
" Bottle Bill" within the next 
several weeks and need public 
input to influence their ballots. 
This proposed bill (the "Beverage 
Container Re-use and Recycling 
Act") is almost an exact copy of 
Oregon's. The effect would be that 
all soft drink and beer bottles and 
cans would be recyclable with a 
return deposit of two cents to five 
cents or more. 

Since Oregon passed the bill in 
1972, roadside litter comprising 
beverage containers went down 83 
percent. Prices for beer and soft 
drinks did not go up any more than 
in other states, sales did not fall for 
the producers and 90 percent of the 
polled citizens thought the bill 
should be kept in force. 

Energy, resources, as well as the 
beauty of our lands and oceans 
(think or all the litter that you 
would not find on the beach!) 
would be saved by the enactment 
of this bill. 

California has a huge beverage 
container industry with a lot of 
money to spend. Obviously, it is 
going to spend it on an " ad-
vertising" campaign to get the 
public to disregard the bill as well 

as intensify its lobbying efforts in 
Sacramento. $1 million dolars was 
spent by the industry in 1970 in the 
state of Washington to defeat a 
Deposit Bill initiative (favored by 
70 percent of those polled prior to 
the election). 

Letters to your Assemblyman, 
State Senator or local newspapers 
would help strengthen support for 
this bill. It is tough as public in-

terest and consumer groups cannot 
muster up funds to fight industrial 
influence, but many individuals 
can balance out the odds. It would 
really be fine to see the public 
succeed in endorsing and enacting 
legislation that is wanted over that 
which it is told to prefer. 

STEVE SCHENCK 
ISLA VISTA 

UCSANTA BARBARA 

Don't Hand Down 
Those Hand -Me-Downs 

EAB and the Law Student Division of the American Bar Association 
(ABA) would like to extend a warm note of thanks to all those who 
donated books to the Prison Book Drive last quarter. The drive was very 
successful and the material collected was greatly appreciated. 

Now it is spring quarter and EAB would like to ask for your help once 
again. Casa de Esperanza, an orphanage six kilometers south of Tijuana, 
is in dire need of children's clothing. The orphanage has 90 children 
ranging in age from newborn to sixteen. This situation was brought to the 
attention of EAB late last quarter by Richard Smith, a member of Trident 
Christian Fellowship (TCF) . As a result, during the month of April there 
will be a children's clothing drive sponsored by EAB and TCF. 

You can help by simply going home and asking your younger brothers 
and sisters (cousins, nieces, nephews, neighbors) if they have any unused 
or outgrown clothes. Then brlllg them back to the collection boxes located 
outside EDNA anytime during this month. Stop handing down those hand-
me-downs and lend a hand. 

MATT O'BRIEN 
RICHARDSMI11f 

Not Your Typical Popular Cause 
But Maybe You Can Get Behind It 

It saddens me, but I feel it 
necessary to infonn you of another 
injustice that has been perpetrated 
on another unsuspecting citizen of 
the United States. This injustice 
against Freedom of Religious 
Expression is being tested in the 
courts of Westminster, California 
on Zalithea de Racan, a practicing 
Kahuna or the Huna Religion of the 
Polynesian peoples. 

Miss de Racan was arrested on 
November 18, 1975 by two Garden 
Grove detectives posing as clients . 
She accepted a donation from a 
detective as espoused by the Huna 
religion for her endeavors. 
Minutes la ter the detecti ves 
returned to arrest her for prac-
ticing Augury. Zalithea was issued 
a Business License by the City of 
Garden Grove to teach and 
practice Metaphysics. Included 
was the right to carry on Psychic 
Research and to give spiritual 

Counseling in the name of her 
aforementioned religion. 

Zalithea de Racan is considered 
one of the top ranking sensitives in 
the United States and is well 
reknowned for her accuracy in 
prophecy. Her exceptional 
devotion to the teachings of Huna 
and Metaphysical Research has 
been written up by various 
newspapers and spoken of on the 
radio for years. Zalithea was a 
personal friend and student of Mr. 
Max Freedom Long, who in-

troduced the Huna Religion to the 
mainland. 

It is my desire as a student of 
Zalithea de Racan to appeal to the 
generosity of her friends for en-
co uragement throu gh prayer, 
mora l support, and financial aid in 
he r battle against the injustice of 
the religious persecution that has 
been forced upon her by unfair and 
immoral laws. 

GAYLAST. PIERRE 
[Further information from Triton 
Timesl 

The Tri10n Times is recognIZed by Ihe Communicallons Board of UCSD as the official 
sludent newspaper. Publication is on Mondays . Wednesdays and Fridays during Ihe 
regular school year (eKc",,1 on ofhcial holidays). Edilorial and business olliees are 
localed In 117 Blake Hall on lhe Revel le College campus . Unlverslly of CalIfornia. San 
DIego 

Lellers 10 lhe Editor and opinoon columns are welcomed . All submissions should be 
typed on a 74-space lone on nonerasable paper. They should nOI exceed three pages in 
lenglh double-spaced The T"lon Times rese",es Ihe righllo edI t submissions because 
of spacellmilallons or slyle reQulremenls . 

For edllorial . call 452-3466: for business and dIsplay advertisemenl s. call 452·3468. 
En lire conlenls copy"ghl t 976. T"lon TImes. 

• rifol' fl n.~ Starf writers Ran Anbar 
UCSanDiego Evelyn Barata Special writers 
John H. Taylor lletsy Chilllent Charles Heimler Brian Davis Greg Hiclts Editor-iu-cbief Robin DeRieux Edward Simons Mark Woelller James G. Soto St~ve Esmedina Buslnei. Maaagmg eriitu City editor Cathy Fitzmaurice Doug Mooney 

John Halperin Jennller Zack 
, Mark Stadler Nathan Meyers RonKato 

News editor Photo editor Frank Kazerski Photograpby Margaret Krueger Paul Jarvis 
r.ra~ Ucblda Kenzie Nicoll Tim MacKenzie Sharon Roberts 

Opinion Editor Buslaess Manager Alan Russell Bill Brooks ScottSadil 
Ken Stipanov Mark Gomez Sara J. Lowen Alan Russell Joan Finkle 

Community Editor Arts editor Cary Thompson Distribution Debora Weber 
OIustrators BlU Wilson 

DaveEIseD Tim MacKenzie Mark Robb Production Sports editor Criticism editor SteveSkubine Shauna Stokes 
Patrick Marsh Kristin Webb Wendy Eagle Bill Peironnet Office manager 

Friday, AprtI Z, 1171 

Nuclear Initiative 
Evaluated 

By Craig Ucblda 
Opinion Editor 

One or the most rrightening catastrophes that could be caused by an 
earthquake is the destruction of a nuclear power plant. Radioactive 
particles spread throughout the air could cause immediate death, 
radiation poisoning and, eventually, cancer. In California, this is a real 
and immediate possibility, for earthquake faults run throughout the 
state. 

Passage or Proposition 15, the Nuclear Power Plants Initiative, would 
help to avoid this catastrophe. 

The initiative itseH calls for the people to decide whether certain 
criteria should be met before continuing the development of nuclear 
electric power. The bill would prohibit construction of new nuclear 
generating plants and require the phasing out of existing plants unable to 
meet strict conditions. 

One of these conditions is the elimination of the current federalllmit of 
$560 million of liability from any single nuclear accident. 

It also gives Californians the right to be compensated for damages to 
themselves, their families and their property caused by an atomic plant 
disaster. 

U passed in the June election, both houses of the California state 
legislature must pass it by a two-thirds vote. 

. With the implementation of this bill, the construction of 28 new power 
plants would be banned unless safety standards are met. It will also force 
the closing of three plants now in operation. 

It must be made clear, however, that this initiative does not call for a 
blanitet prohibition of nuclear power plants, It simply would force 
stricter safeguards upon them. If they do not measure up, then they will 
be closed until they do. 

Recently, three engineers from General Electric and a federal safety 
engineer resigned their posts because of what they said was inadequate 
protection of the public from nuclear hazards. The three from GE's 
nuclear division in San Jose-Dale Bridenbaugh, Richard Hubbard and 
Gregory Minor- had from 16 to 22 years experience with GE. 

They are currently working for Project Survival, a group interested in 
the passage of Prop. 15. 

Robert Pollard, the project manager for the federal Nuclear 
Regulatory Commission, resigned because he could not " in conscience 
remain silent about the perils associated with the US nuclear power 
program." He was also the chief safety engineer for nuclear reactors in 
North and South Carolina, Texas and in New York. 

Pollard found that three nuclear reactors at Indian Point, 30 miles 
north of New York City " have been badly designed and are susceptible to 
accidents. " 

• fec:tlttiHftot ..... ty 
tt.'lrdoul to ttle 
£"Yi,OftfMft{. S. 
1deft1ilt.d by lUI. 
o.p.f'tIMnt of " .. Ith. 

d 

. Jrh"" s.upph."JH.nd~ 
.. "NtOKtlw •• ttn.ls 

. ~ 

NUCLEAR FACIUTlES 
IN CAUFORNIA-1975 

NUCLEAR POWER PLANTS 
PROJECTED THRU 1995 

SM .................. ...,· 
$. ~ IWdNf ,.,..,,..... 
•• ~ ..... taot.e-nJ 

.,.~bWl'". 

.l in ot-.tion 
,aI Unci..- Con,trvction 
d PI.n,* 

These engineers are fearful not of a nuclear explosion, but of what is 
known as a "meltdown ." This occurs if a reactor loses the water used to 
control the temperature of its uranium core. If the core is uncooled, 
builds up heat, melts and drops to the bottom of its container, then the 
results would be disastrous. The heat from the uranium core could 
vaporize the water and the pressure from the steam could burst the 
container itself, rupturing the outer reactor container as well . 

A radioactive cloud would then be released, causing immediate death 
from radiation and later even more from radiation-induced cancer. 

The Vennont Yankee Nuclear Power Corp. was closed in January for 
fear of this " meltdown." Last year, the world's largest nuclear plant. 
located in Alabama, was closed after human error caused failure o[ 
safety systems and appeared headed for a " meltdown." . 

Another major concern is nuclear waste. Plutonium, for example, With 
a half-life of over 24,000 years, must be watched over the years in order to 
prevent radioactive leaks. 

The nuclear power proponents argue that nuclear accidents have not 
occurred in the past and the odds against future injury are tremendous. 
Since 1957, when power plants were first instituted, no member of the 
public has becn injured, they state. 

But the shutdown of the plants in Alabama and Vennont Indicate that 
perhaps they aren'tas safe as they have led the people to believe. 

The nuclear power proponents present a strong argument (or their 
ca:;e. They say that energy through oil and coal have finite reserv~. 
Although coal is in abundance now, deep mining is expensive and striP 
mining is ecologica lly hannful. 

Solar ncrl{y will not become a reality for a few more decades. ThuS, 
nuclear power, wilh its cleanliness and Inexpensiveness, appears to be 
the best answer to the energy problem. 

If sa fety is insur d, nuclear power will be valuable, sare asset. 

Friday, AprU Z, 1171 

Low 
Blows 

A Short History 
of the 

Page 3 

No one will ever know the true disccverer of America, and 
perhaps it is just as well No one should take that much 

I'cdit-or blame. There have been many claimants to the 
titlc "Discoverer of America" but none have been un-
disputed. About the only thing we do know about the 
discoverer is that he wasn't Vasco De Gama. 

He found India . 
Other Early Explorers 

and Cheap American Nation 
In 1513, some 21 years after Columbus' highly touted 

discovery of America, Ponce de Leon discovered Florida . 
Ponce (" Da Ponz") was a veteran of the early Columbus 

voyages who had an inkling there might be something beyond 
San Salvador. Because of his subsequent discovery of 
Florida, we now know he was wrong. 

Da Ponze landed somewhere around what is now called 
Merritt Island, where the Kennedy Space Center and 
Camelot Motel is located. He and 50 of his men marched 
several miles inland, just to make sure they hadn't landed on 
another goddamned island. One long march later, Ponce de 
Leon and his men came across Bing Crosby, sitting in the 
rnicldll' nf an orange grove, desultorily singing "White 
Christmas." Bing infonned the crew that they had, indeed, 
discovered Florida and would they like a screwdriver? Ponce 
turned down the offer. deciding to claim the place for Spain 
instead. 

by Idward Simons Shots 
" In fourteen hundred and ninety-two, 
Columbus sailed the ocean blue ... " 

A stupid cbUdren's £byme 
In recent years it has become quite fashionable to deny 

Christopher Columbus the title which he righUully deserves-
Discoverer of America. The title has been claimed by John 
Cabot, some specie of Englishman; Leif Erikson, about 
whom is known little; and, just recently, five Egyptians on a 
lousy papyrus raft, about whom is known nothing. 

Columbus, though he sailed under the Spanish flag on his 
voyage to America, was born in Genoa, Italy. He wanted to 
sail for Italy, but no one in Genoa would give him a ship. Not 
only did he have the queer notion that the earth was round, 
but he further insisted that all aspirin are alike. 

This did nothing at al1 to endear him to the upper crust in 
Genoa, who finally told him to go to hell-or Spain. 

Columbus followed their advice and went to the latter. 
Luck was with him. Queen Isabella or Spain was looking for a 
few good men, since King Ferdinand was hitting the bottle a 
bit more frequently than circumstances required. As it 
turned out, Columbus, the opinion of Genoese streetwalkers 
notwithstanding, was good enough. He was in. 

At the earliest opportunity, Columbus filled Isabella 's ear 
with tales of the wondrous East and all its riches. Then he 
told her how he could get there more quickly and cheaply by 
ship. He would sail west and eventually end up in the East, he 
told her, after explaining how the earth was round and all. 

This all sounded good to Isabella, who, it must be recorded, 
was never more than a marginal intellect. She was so jazzed 
that she gave him three ships-the Acheson, Tampico and the 
Sanla Fe-along with detailed instructions on how to handle 
his personal affairs while In India. 

Columbus debarked from Spain in early 1492, heart full of 
hope and head full of water. 

Nine months is a long time to float on the water, especially 
when there are no women aboard. The ships' crews felt this 
keenly. The small detachment of priests who had come along 
on the voyage weren't much help, either. They failed entirely 
to catch the mood of the sailors. 

During the long and dehumanizing sail, the crew members 
spared no effort to make it clear just exactly what they 
thought of Christopher Columbus' personal and professional 
life. They were, in fact, just on the verge of mutiny when land 
was sighted. 

Columbus landed in the New World on Oct. 12, 1492, on an 
island he called San Salvador-which is a little like calling it 
"Thank God!" 

One of Columbus' first acts on San Salvador (now called 
the "Dominican Republic" or "Haiti") was to claim the land, 
its people and al1 its riches in the name of Spain. Then a 
priest set up a field altar and said Mass for the benefit of the 
crew. Attending Mass, of course, was the first thing everyone 
wanted to do after being at sea for nine months. 

That the natives of the island did no more than chuckle 
amusedly when they and their possessions were claimed in 
the name of Spain by some guy in balloon pants is a tribute to 

their forebearance . Somehow, they knew it was all bluff. 
Columbus managed to set up some primitive fonn of 

communication with the natives, though why he bothered 
remains a mystery. It would not be unusual for the casual 
reader to suppose that arter one had had his land, his wife 
and his possessions claimed by Spain there would little left to 
discuss. 

What little there was left to discuss was, particularly, 
where's the silk and gold? This Question had been bothering 

Mr. Columbus wasn't precisely sure in which 
direction he should look for the W est Indies. so he 
sent the Nina to the north and Pinta to the south. 
The Santa Maria had already sunk . 
Columbus for some time after he had landed. [n all the 
stories he had heard about the Orient, the Indians practically 
breathed gold, spice and silk. He was not at all prepared for 
the grass-skirted natives he found. 

Neither was Queen Isabella. Back in her split-level castle 
(with hot and cold running holy water), she fell prey to the 
jealous whispers of the throneside gang. Budget time was 
coming around and frankly, Isabella was a little short. 

After several trips to the " Indies" (a.k.a . New 
WorldlVinland/Newfoundland/etc.), Columbus didn 't have 
much more to show for it than five ships of slaves, whom no 
one in Spain could understand. He had found gold, to be sure-
about enough to rill a tooth. Noblesse oblige was wearing 
thin . 

Unfortunately, there is no happy ending to this chapter of 
American history. Columbus died pretty much in disfavor, 
distressed because he never received the honors Isabella 
promised him for discovering a new route to the Indies. [n 
fact, the new land was being called America before he died. 

America was named after Amerigo Vespucci, an Italian 
mapmaker who not only didn't discover America, but didn 't 
draw it very well either. He also had the quirk of signing his 
name on his maps in very large letters on Wlnamed con-
tinents. 

That is why America is known as Vespuccia. 

In the same year that Ponce de Leon discovered Minute-
Maid orange juice, Vasco Nunez de Balboa discovered the 
Isthmus of Panama and the Pacific Ocean, both of which he 
claimed ror Spa in . (Claiming territory for Spain was, in those 
days, de rigeur-even if you weren't Spanish). 

Six years later, in 1519, Hernando Cortes began the 
conquest of Mexico. The reasons ror this fight are still 
unknown today. The two countries seemed to have much in 
common. Like the Spanish, the Aztecs were a warlike people ; 
like lhe Spanish, the Aztecs ahd a monarchical fonn of 
goverrunent ; and like the Spanish, the Aztecs indulged in 
human sacrifice. How it came to be decided the two peoples 
had nothing to say to each other will remain one of the 
myste ries of the ages. 

In 1519, Ferdinand Magellan set out to prove the world was 
round. He proposed to do this by sailing around it. 

Actually, by this time, no one who was anyone really 
doubted the world to be round, bul no one told Emperor 
Charles V in Spain. Chuck Cinco gave Magellan five ships 
and 230 men to prove a weary fact to a weary world. 

Magellan left Spain in 1'519 (a good idea at any time, really) 
and arrived at the Strait of Magellan in 1520. The Strait or 
Magellan, by the way, is a pretty boring passage through the 
southern tip of South America. It, along with several other 
passages through the southern tip of South America, con-
nects the Pacific and Atlantic oceans. 

Sometime later, while in the islands now known as the 
Phillipine Islands, Magellan was killed during an attack. His 
men continued the circumnavigation Of the globe without 
him. They really didn't have much else to do, it must be 
admitted. 

In September, 1522, one ship and its crew of 18 returned to 
Spain. Magellan had not only proved the world was round, 
but had proved he could be killed in the Phillipines as well as 
anybody . 

And while beheading wives was becoming all the rage 
under the tutelage of King Henry VIII in England, one more 
Spanish explorer was giving the world to Spain on a platter . 

His name, of course, was Francisco Pizarro de Soto 
Coronado Verrazzano. He discovered both the Coronado Bay 
Bridge in San Diego and the Verrazzano Narrows Bridge in 
New York- both of which, in all modesty, he named alter 
himself. 

Francisco also discovered the Mississippi River and an 
ugly car . To top it all off, he conquered Peru for the greater 
glory of Spain. 

Which brings us, most of us, to 1607. This was the year that 
Captain John Smith and others settled Jamestown, in what is 
now Virginia. This unfortunate city still stands. 

But all of this is just a prelude of the landing of the 
Mayflower on the American coast and why no one related to 
you was aboard . 

CU. C. c:Ean ~i£90 Campw. !Plo9 'tam !i3oa'l.d p 'l.£unh 
A Mandeville Lecture 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
• CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY, CHICO • 

DAvid HAlbER5TAM 
author of 

The Best & The Brightest 
........ ................•..•.• 

April &, Tuesday, 8pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

St.$1, G.A. $2 
Tickets: UCSD Box Office Infor: 452·4090 

• AND • 
• SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY • 
: TRAVEL-STUDY 1976 : 
• Two & Three Week Programs: (3 units included) • 
• • USSR & London; July 12-July 30; $1195.00 • 
• • London & Edinburgh; July 16-August 1; $798.00 (credit extra) • 
• • Hong Kong; July 19-August4; $845.00 - . 
• • Bicentennial trip to Philadelphia; July 1-July 14; $490.00 • 
• Four & Five Week Programs: (6 units included) • 
• • London; July 18-August 6; $935.00 • 
: • British Isles; June 23-July 21; $1175.00 •• 

• Italy; June 26-July 31; $1195.00 
• • Germany; June 26-July 31; $1120.00 • 
• • England-Italy-France; June23-July 26; $1300.00 . • 
• • Greece & Yugoslavia; June 26-July 31; $1350.00 • 
• • Spain; June 26-July 31; $1225.00 • 
• • Mexico; June 21-July 24; $420.00 (Trave! nvt i 1\;~UJtf~) • 
• All programs include air fare from west coast, room and full or partial board. • 
• (All travel, room & board arrangements: The University Foundation, C~UC) • 
• WRITE: International Programs • 
• California State University, Chico • 
• Chico, CA 95929 • 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



• rI ...... IIII('S Friday, April Z, 187& 
Concert Scene Debates BRG Student 

Cel er Allocations 
y KeD Slipanov 
Staff Writer 

In other business, voting on 
winter quarter BRG budget 
recommendations was tabled until 
next week because of what some 
Coop members felt was a poor 
presentation of the recom-
mendations. 

CHICAGO Tops Musical Smorgasbord 
Of Kinky TUBES to Casual LIGHIFOOT 

The actions of the 
BudgeUResource Group (BRG) in 
allocating space in the student 
center was the major topic of 
debate at the Student Cooperative 
meeting Monday night. 

The BRG is responsible for 
reorganizing the space assign-
ments in the student center now 
that the step two addition is 
completed. 

BRG member Monty Reed ac-
cused Steve Petach, acting BRG 
coordinator, of propagating a 
tentative allocation plan without 
the formal approval of the full 
BRG. 

Reed also said that Petach had 
hoardeil the only complete copy of 
the Information on the allocations. 

Petach responded that he had 
needed a tentative plan to begin 
effective negotiations with the four 
colleges over space. He denied 
hoarding the information . 

Groups Moving In 

Student Center Director Mark 
Bookman has proposed allowing 
groups to move into the center 
according to the tentative plan and 
then having -them move again 
when the final plan is approved, 
said Reed. 

Two groups have already oc-
cupied space in the new addition. 

Reed contended that this plan 
would be impractical because 
groups would naturally resist the 
inconvenience of a second move. 
Therefore, the tentative plan would 
have an undue influence on the 
final space arrangement. 

Lobby ... 
quarter to sample student feelings 
on issues. 

Schneider sees his duties as 
three-fold : doing research on 
issues, testifying before legislative 
committees and making personal 
contact with legislators. He said 
he plans to make contact with all 
area legislators. 

Schneider said he checked out 
the . lobby personally before ap-
plying for the intern position. 
While representing Muir College at 
a legislative conference in 
Sacramento last month, he visited 
lobby headquarters and spoke with 
clHlirector Jeff Hamerling and 
staff member Debbie Rowland. 

A Muir history major, Schneider 
has been involved with student 
politics since high school, as school 
body president and California 
Association of (High School) 
Student Councils activist. Last 
year Schneider, a junior in his first 
year at UCSD, helped organize a 
conference of California high 
school student leaders. 

Following the conference, 
Schneider published a paper on 
student leadership which he said 
was distributed nationally. 

New Poster 
Regs to Keep ' 
Down Litter 

by Tama Takahashi 
Staff Writer 

Campus litter problems and 
complaints from students have led 
UC San Diego to adopt new 
regulations governing the. posting 
of announcements on campus. 

According to Student Center 
Director, Mark Bookman, student 
complaints about UCSD's "pigsty" 
appearance -caused by the in-
discriminate proliferation of 
posters - led to the adoption of 
restrictions. 

Walls, classrooms, garbage cans 
and trees were being coated by 
posters of various sizes, creating 
excessive waste and inefficient 
dispersementof information. 

Bookman said that under the 
current regulations, 70 copies of a 
prospective poster are taken to the 
student center, which approves 
them and provides a free posting 
service. 

Most Efficient Use 
The notices must be printed on 

eight by 11" paper, with the in-
dividual's or sponsor's name, and 
all factual material must be 
correct. This insures adequate 
information and efficient use of the 
available billboard space, Book-
man said. 

Dorms are exempt from these 
restrictions. Also, personal ad-
vertisements printed on three-by-
five inch cards may be placed by 
the individual on bulletin boards 
marked for the purpose . 

Some students argue that the 
regulations violate their freedom 
of speech. However, Bookman says 
that no censorship oC content is 
attempted_ 

Notices violating the size 
requirement or those which do not 
contain the sponsor's name will be 
pulled down. 

Penalties for violations, in ac-
cordance with university 
regulations, may range Crom a 
counseling session with Bookman, 
to expUlsion of the individual or 
organization from school. Book-
man said, however, thai such 
drastic measurements have not 
been necessary in the past. 

Pa~ lime seerelary wllh Nail •• Spanish 
or Nalive German knowledge 
Challenging work connec led w,lh 
compul er language Iranslallon Ed,lmg 
and /o r Ilngu,Sllc background ap. 
preclaled . Call 459·3471 

.Many of rock's biggest and 
strangest attractions will be a~ 
pearing in and around San Diego 
during the upcoming week. The 
wide spectrum of music will in-
clude the more commercial 
elements as well as the kinkier side 
or'rock. 

Leading the assault on the San 
Diego area will be Chicago, a~ 
pearing tonight at the Sports 
Arena. Boasting its own brand of 
jazz-rock, Chicago has been 
consistently among the top gate 
attractions in America. 

The following night at the Sports 
.Arena Bachman-Turner Overdrive 

Gordon Lightfoot 
will take the stage. For devotees of 
unabashedly commercial rock and 
roll , nothing quite fits the bill like 
BTO. As the members of BTO will 
aUest, their commercial sound is 
quite deliberate . They treat their 
music as a money-making venture 
and have been quite successful at 
it, as evidenced by an impressive 
string of hit singles ("Let It Ride," 
"Taking Care of Business," "You 
Ain't Seen Nothin' Yet"). 

Perhaps the strangest group of 
them all, The Tubes, will bring 
their multiCaceted floor show to the 
UCSD Gym Saturday night. The 
Tubes are kinky and outrageous, 
and their show is not for those with 
weak hearts. Their more notable 
works include " White Punks On 
Dope" and the infamous " Mondo 
Bondage." 

GRADUATING SENIORS, IMPROVE YOUR JOB OPPORTUNITIES 

Liberal arts, science, engineering and other non-business majors- the Master of Business 
Arlministration (MBA) degree program qualifies its graduates for leadership and admin-

• istrative positions where the jobs "'t!. No previous business courses required . Anyone who 
has earned a bachelor's degree, regardless of major, with approximately a B average and 
scores in the 60th percentile in the Graduate Management Admission Test can qualify for 
admission . 

The college is a member of Program ABLE - a six-university consortium which 
encourages and aid. graduate study in business for minorities. 

Contact MBA Director, College of Business and Publ ic Administration, 208 Economics 
Building, University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona 85721. Phone (602) 884-1637 . 

" An Equal Opportunlty/Affirmativ. Action Employ., under stet. end f.de,el Ie ... end reguletio", 
includi"9 Title IX, 1972 Educ:4ltion Am.ndm.nt .... 

Canadian singer-songwriter 
Gordon Lightfoot will be appearing 
Sunday night at Golden Hall. 

An all European rock ex-
travaganza at the Civic Theater 
Wednesday, April 7, will feature 
Golden Earring, Be Bop Deluxe 
and Slade. Golden Earring, the 
Dutch band of "Radar Love" 
fame, is on tour corresponding 
with the release oftheir new album 
"To The Hilt." The performance is 
to be replete with theatrics. Be 
Bop Deluxe, a British band, is 
raising eyebrows with their album 
"Sunburst Finish." 

In addition, jazz drummer Billy 

Cobham, winner of both the 
Playboy musicians' and the 
BiUboard critics' poU, will bring 
his group to the San Diego area for 
two concerts this weekend. Sunday 
nj ~ht, he will perform at the La 
P'dloma Theatre in Encinitas at 
both 7:30 and 10:30 pm. He will 
also play the "Back Door" at San 
Diego State at 7:30 pm. 

Part time secretary . 
Challenging work connected 
with computer language 
translation . Editing and / or 
linguistic background ap-
preciateJ. Call 459-3471. 

SAYEON 
YITAMINS! 

CampuSLile 
ONE DAILY 
~.~. VITAMINS 

Bottle of 
100 Tablets 
1.39 Value 

SALE 

CampusLile 
ONE DAILY 
~;VI'AMINS 

WITH IRON 
Bottle of 100 

1-59 Value 

SALE 

CampusLl1e 

VITAMIN C 
250 mg BOTTLE OF 100 

1.49 
VALUE 

SALE 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

Matthews Campus 

Open 8:00 am to 4:45 

MON. thru FRI. 

Friday, AprU 2, 197. 

[Mfi~~ €)y.O>Q~ 
o lMV·1 "GCNt Wi1U \U[ 

2.SIIaWS- b:30N'OIO: t~ {t-\H'&IfVILl..l AIJt). ) - -----

tMV·lll "lOVE AND 
• ~ ALlEJ.! »40 DI;.Nr.. ~ATDN' 

o M\Y·ZI "SCAPlCRDW::rN~:~';;:' ~11"--" 
"SOME U~ IT UOf" 

WIOI .JIoC1<. ~I'IMON , ToN'" GvRT1:1, Mlll!,lLfN 

o ~y.~ "1UE OWL AND 
,r, F N " LLN ~ (MANDEVILLE AUD.) fUE PUSSYCAf" 
"SUAMPOQ" ojUNE:4 r'UAROLD MID t-Wl>r' 

5PECII\L BU5TEf\ KfJ\TON ~ FILM fE5T1VALd ~y 

by Akira Kurosawa . Aklra Kurosawa's Ilrst color film . 11 
deals Wllh liIe in a slum lawn oul.ide of Tokyo : Ihe lan-
lasies . dreams. and deluslonsollhe lown's Inhab,lanls . 

mIfi@]~ £)Cb°o.~ 
oNN- 8 "FAfA MOR~' 

dlfecled by Werner Herzog In 1970 "Fala Morgana IS a 
calalog of dead co lon,allsm In the Sahara . . _- a spac'ous 
gilding Visual aural circus." A success a film festivals in 
LA . Chicago. New York . & Cannes. 

APRil:. 10 'ilJE MUSlt ROOM~ otJAy· 15 "INVE51l6A110N 
A beaullful and peculiar film by one 01 Ind ,a's mosl well OF A CtfIIEN" 
known dlreelors. Salyajll Ray , whose human,sm del.es 
through Indian cluture into deeper, mOt'e Universal human 
feelings . 

APRIC 17 V1UE GREAr DlcrA10R " 
Academy award w inner dealing wilh lhe psychology of 
power A powerful & oUlwardly unSuspicious man 
becomes schizophrenic wllh 'rlghlening results . Direcled 
by Ello Pelri . 

"1UE CJPius" " 
TwoCharlleChaphnclassics. o~Y·22 ~DER NEVSKV '~ 

Sergei EinSlein's epiC por1rayal 01 an ineidenl in Soviel 
hislory (Ihe 13th cenlure invaSion of Russ,ans by Ihe 
German army) . Beaul,ful e.lension 01 EisenSlein 'S 

''Al.Pl-lAVJ lLE" monlage techniques 10 so; as well as Image. 
direcled by Jean-Luc Godard in 1966. A secret agen -
I/sclence Ilcllon 111m wilh 101. gla.s, neon lighls. melal ; 
llIIenls meaningless and meaningful . Stars Eddie Con· "'MAN wrru A CM-FA' 

C@ stantin , Ana Karina ~ The all'lncluslye documenlary by Dziga Vertov Irom 1929. B Blrlh . dealh . marriage. dlyorce . • 1 reel cabs , buildings, film 
, editing . a man with a mOVie camera ~ , WIND fROM fUE 001': If " 
by Godard and Gorin . a very d ldallc. sell-crilical , pol illcal 
movie Ihal grew oul of the Freneh sludenl uprising In 1968. 
Makes a complele break wllh bourgeo,s narraliye lorms 

M\'f29 U W WALl 

perhaps the beSI 0' lhe films by Bernardo Berlolucc l. 
Ba d on a slory by Jorge Luis Borges . IhlS 111m deals with 
lhe workings of myth and legend In lhe re-tellint of "ob-
jeclive" hislory . An Ingmar Bergman lilm which deals w,lh lhemes of 

censorship and obscenity . A Iroupe of ilineranl players 
accused of performing a public obscenity ate Inlerrogated 
by a Kafkaesque Judl/4l . discussing lhe Inlerrelallons of WI , 
reason. and their lives. 

SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT: Slanlng Salurday. Ap.1I10. 816 .30 pm. One episode 01 Palrlel< M goohan's series THE PRfSONER 
will be shOwn . sequen hall y . every Frl & Sal nlgt. Ihru Ihe reS! Of Spring Quarler Th series will b Included.n lhe price of each 
Friday and Salurday IlCkel 

." .. 

PageS 



Pale I FrIday, April ~, 1971 

tRiTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
Rules and R81ea 

C.aaifleds shOuld ait ... be printed or typed on a 3" x 5" card (~allable 
In Triton Tim .. office) . They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p .m . 

Thelotlowing rates are lor 100 apacee .- II you UIII more spacee, the rate 
wi" double. (l00spacee -- 25 cents; tOt to 200 - 50 cents) . 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found - "" 
Other eds; students - 25 cents 
nonstudents - $I 

Deadlinee; 4 pm Friday lor Monday; 4 pm Monday lor Wednesday; 4 pm 
Wedneaday lor Friday. 

Announcements; ,_. All announcements wil l run In the Monday 
calendar. Oemll ... lor calendar; 4 pm Friday. 

(All addition. or corrections to II.tinga In the Schedule 01 Claeses for 
regular Unl_alty couraes will be charged $I) . 

lOST 6. fOUNd 
LOST: Beige bike glovs. " you found it , will 
you please call me? Thanks Eileen 453-5346 

(~12) 

LOST; Irish Setter small thin female over 
break on Blacks Beach. Please call 454-6866. 
(4/2) 

LOST; Puppy call 452·1957 Sheppard-
Mast iff . She answers to Michelob. P.S. We 
want to give hec away. 14/2) 

FOUNO; Womens wallet with shell -credit 
card belonging 10 H .J Ford M .D. pickup at TT 
office. 1412) 

LOST; Mon.' vic Matthews Campus roll of 
JWnm film In grey cannister please call Pall i 
41J1 -0178. 1412) 

LOST: 1 firsl aid k,1 contains important 
papers. Lost in econ . departmenl 011 ice. 
(4/2) 

• SERVICES 
Custom grad announcments, wedding in-
vitatl,"" . etc . Original calligraphy at low 
cosl 453-0387 14/9) 

Blues harmonica lessons for raw and 
somewhat ripe beginners from expo teacher . 
272-8532 . 1412) 

Typing-Marilyn would like to Iype your 
paper . theSIS. book . She Is e.perienced, tast . 
rea sonable and has a correcting IBM. Please 
call her at 56~7060. (417) 

AFSers! Please join us Tues . 6 Apr. at the 
Inter. Cenler lounge 7;30 pm irs importanl 
you'rethere! 453-1264 . (415) 

The Black Hole will be meeling next F"day. 
Future "".nts Will be discussed . Watch the 
TT for time. 14 / 2) 

Free puppy-l1 -wk. old shepard-Mash I! mix . 
Adorable To a good hOme 452-1957 Rick . 
(412) 

Typist. IBM term paper, thesis , dissertation, 
etc . ed iting , rush jobs, xerox 560-8171 , 452-
t588. (6 / 3) 

Auto work ; tune up brakes, minor repair, lubS 
and 011, good work , low price Mike 436-3667. 
14/12) 

housiNG 
Roommate wanted; single rm. In townhouse. 
5 min . from UCSD. Jacuzzi, pool , tennis . 
Furnished . $125 per month + utililies. Call 
453-7421 . (4/2) 

Roommate wanted: share t br. condo. In Oel 
Mar oceanview all utilil ies included call Tony 
453-0054. (4/2) 

For sa le! Immaculate 3 br .. 2 ba. Oel Mar 
home on Longboal way near TorrEY Pines 
Park New carpet. drapes and paint. Special 
;'replace- conver.alion area $67..w.0' Call 
ChiQuila Abbott Realtors 453-5464. (412) 

Roommate needed to share 2 bedroom apt. 
With male who works at Scripps Inst. Close 
to Wind n Sea Beach , La Jolla . tl5/mo + 
'h utililies. 454-4074. (4 12) 

Female roomale wanted to share ocean view 
Card ilf apt. 18 min 10 UCSD $107 .50 mo . 
available Apr . 4, 753-4322, Belh 14/2) 

Female roommate wanted to share Del Mar 
lownhouse. Own room, sundeck , ~replace, 
ocean View , avail. now for 6 mO.-l yr. $125 , 
per month plus uti!. Call 755-1241 . Ask for 
Louise or Martha . (4/2) 

Female roomma te wanted for Del Mar house 
near beach wllaundry room, back yard , 
lireplace. Call 755-3270 . (412) 

Roommate needed tor 2 bedroom apt. ILa 
Jolla Village) sal .25 per month . Call 452-
8768. (4/2) 

F roommate needed 1811 Coast Blvd . Del Mar 
1 blk from bSach cruiser stops in Iront. $85 a 
month . 755-2542 . (4 12) 

Roommale wanted M or F own bdrm in large 
house 1 blk from beach . Garden & olh", 
goodies 51 00. 224-1990. 14(7) 

The U.c. San Diego Campus Program Board 
presents: 

April 4, Sunday, 8pm Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD 51- $'3, G.A. $4 

Tickets: UCSD Box Office Info: 452-4090 

Female roommate 10 share 3 bdrm hoose in 
Clairmonl own large room and prNate bath 
592 a monlh plus 550 deposll and 1 /3 uillities 
mUSI be Quiet . mature. and neat available 
May 1 st 27Q.5181 . (. /2) 

Need roommate thru June large furn . Del Mar 
hse own bdrm one blck beach Ibus. Henry 
75~2986. 5tOO mo. 1412) 

Mature person/couple needed to run quiel 2 
child Ages 1 t - t 2 Mission Beach household 
while falher is out of town from April 1 
through June. Light housekeeping /cooking . 
2 days off each week - own room - privacy -
lOts of time for study or own Inlerests. Call 
Alan Sail on 488-9072 . (~12) 
Your own room $112 near 4th Det Mar 2 bdrm 
apt . close to Beach & school Mark 75f>.5473. 
(412) 

WANTEd 
Wanted light-weight backpack for Europe 
this summer call In the evening-296-2479 or 
447- t 753 Call now. (4/) 

Wanted short calcu lus; An applied approach 
Calhy 453-87tO II not leave message. 1415) 

Wooden rocking chair and or beanbag chair 
wanted good condit ion . Pay up to 535 Call 
454-5448. (415) 

Girls for inlramural co-ed softball leam this 
Quarter . Bill 753-762t . 14/2) 

Wanted' Will pay up to $75 for use of car or 
Plcit.-UP with or wio towbar assembty for 
upcoming weekend . Call Steve al 272-2067 
keep try,ng . 14/2) 

Text Brock and Brock Basic Microbiology tor 
bio 8. Call 223-6360 ask for Tony. (412) 

Wanted · Chinese tutor andlor gullar leaCher 
565-6253 ask tor Chet . (412) 

Ch,ldren's secu rity passenger seat lor use in 
car call 452-9852. 14/2) 

Opening for partlme sec. with native 
knowledge in Spanish or German and 
background in ling . Call 459-6700. (4/2) 

fOR SALE 
'69 Toyota landcruiser. Xlnt conditioo l Low 
mileage. maoy accessories 453-0387 .14/9) 

My t"eM was given a Longlnes digital watch 
he wants to sell . unused. In box. S300 75f>. 
7904 Sabmo (4/9) 

19" color Sylvania lV Schwinn slnote speed 
bycicle . electronic equipment (power supply . 
etc.) 753-762t . 14/2) 

For sale ten speed bike & accs . 165 or best 
offer. Call Renee 45J.9579. (4/2) • 

62 Ford Falcon sw good engine. Runs. $50. 
453-0325. (4/9) 

96 Inch fluorescent fixture and 2 grow lux 
tubes. Like nu . Grow stuf indoors , year round 
Brian 436-6670 . (415) 

King-size waterbed with liner frame and 
pedestal only 165. call Paul 755-48tO. (4/2) 

66 Volvo 1225 4 dr air xlnt 27 mpg moving 
S1095best ofr . 453-4679 . (4114) 

Rossignol skils exc 175 cm. $50. 453-8427. 
1415 

Sewing machine exc. $35 mirror 513 chest of 
drawers (5) span . design s.s suitcase 13. 
453-8-427 . (./5 

Bunk beds & mattresses $99, lamps 55 teak 
desk 599 wilh book shelve front exc. From 
Copenhagen 453-8427. (4/5) 

All leak-end lables 525 plus 6 piece round 
coffee t,able $125 & huge lounge chair $60. 
453-8-427 . (4/5) 

Calculator HP45 $190 price new is $245 plus 
tax . Ooug X2466 or 755-0639 eve . (415) 

MuSI sell Beseler enlarger 2nd EI Nikkor 
lens. Great condition . Call Susan at 299-
9803. Good deal! 14 12) 

12 string gu,tar wilh case $40. Call 436-3370. 
(412) \ 

Fial 850 '59 very' cheap transportallon Best 
otter under $350 Torrey Pines Rd . near Muir. 
Bob 453-6667. 14/5) 

1972 Capri 1/-6 . au tomatic. sunroof , 4 new 
radial tires . car cover decor group interior, 
AM/FM tap&-stereo. Best offer. Call Diana 
,l7(}8604 aller 7 pm or leave message belore 
5 pm al 452-4033. (4/9) 

Peugeot U08 ladies' mixte bicycle $100. Ask 
for MaIO Starr X30n . 14/2) 

Books for sa le for the following classes ; 0 -
chem (& lab) . P-chem. & genetics. Call Karen 
at 452-8656. (412) 

TRAVEL 
EUROPE & TAH ITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY. CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERI/ICES. UCSD IN -
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
1 2-4pm . 452-0630. 16/3) 

PERSONAls 
Libertarian party ; abolish vlclimless crime 
laws. stop CIA IRS crimes. 14/2) 

your love means 10 much to me 
It just seems to set me h ... 
I wish every moment with yoo I could be 
when thinking boul you i'm never lonely 
it's no longer 'T 
oQw it is " we" 
'cause us together is all that my mlnd' s 
eyecan see 
rtI do anything to make you happy 
please stay with me through all eternity 
I love you so much 
my baby doll , 

(4 /2) 

Brian. Terry. Bob. and Guy I know you'll do 
great in the Crew Classic . Good luck, Kathy . 
(412) 

Liberterian Party I/P candidate Dave Bergland 
will speak Fri. noon Revelle Formal Lounge. 
IT'S FREE'! (412J 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
To all studen ls, writers and fans of 
science fiction , space travel, space 
colonization and UFO's : a new 
spr i ng quarter course -- "Spoced-
Out PropulSion Schemes" (course 
No. X403 . ) ) Conlact UCSD 
Extension for more information . 

Do you or your group have talent? 
Would you like to win up 10 $50? If 
you can answer "yes" to these 
quest i ons, audition for Ihe UCSD 
Tolent Show! Auditions will be held 
Apr i l 5 and 7 at Rel/elle Cafeteria. 
They ore open to faculty, students 
and stoff in musical and non-
musical ca legories. Sign - ups at 
EDNA. 

The Cultural Tradilions Program in 
Judaic Studies will offer a new 
course Contem porary Israeli 
SOCiety. Tl)e course will be given 
by Professor Abraham Yogev, o n 
Israeli sociologisl. The course is 
sc heduled for M ondays a nd 
Wednesdays at 100m. Students 
interested in obtaining more in-
formation should contocl Yogev at 
the D e parlment of SOCiology HSS 
7089, X4758. 

ROOM DRAW 

MESA 
for UG 

REVELLE 

MUIR -
APTS. 
DORMS 

THIRD 

FOURTH 

DEADLINE 

4 / 2 

4 / 5 

Noon 4/9 
Noon 4 /9 

4 pm 4/6 

4 :30 pm 
4/12 

ROOM 
DRAW 

4 / 9 

4/14-4/16 

9 am 4 / 13 
9 am 4 /15 

4/13 

Evening of 
4 / 15 

ELIGIBILITY 

See Resident Dean 

Revelle students 
first . Others-space 
available Excep-
tions for Theme 
Suites 

Muir students first. 
Others - space 
available Excep-
tions for Theme 
groups 

Third Students 
Only 

Fourth Students 
Only Exceptions for 
Theme Suites 

CONTACT 
Rick Bayer 

X2586 

Phil Kirchner 
X3027 

Willie Brown or 
Cheryl Liang 

X420Q 

Yolanda Trevino 
X4340 

Paula Hui 
X45B2 

Q 1- H _ Wllderr ••• Hou", THEME HOUSES Includ. Foreign Languag.. u ... ou • 
Wat.r Sporta Houa. and Community Hou.e. f tI on room 
Student. may algn up In group. for .ulte. at Muir. For further In orm. on 
drew. and thema hou •••• call the per.one lI.ted above. 

I 

Friday, AprO Z, 1171 • rl'ol' •• ute'S Page 7 
A Day on the Bay 1M Captain's Meetings Set 

New Shells Face Old Salts '<, 
in. San Diego Crew Classic 

The remainder of the spring intramural captain's meetings take place 
this afternoon in the rec gym conference room. The schedule is as 

.. follows: men's 3-on-3 and women 's 3-on-3 basketball at 3 pm, coed water ~ .. ~.. polo at 4 pm, coed volleyball at 5 pm, and men's hockey, coed hockey, and 
~ indoor soccer at 6 pm. 

~ A softball umpires meeting and clinic has been planned, scheduled for ~ tomorrow at 9 am, at the rec gym. 
by Craig Uchida 

Uc san Diego's intercollegiate 
.. crew team will make its 1976 

· debut in the fourth annual San 
• Diego Crew Classic tomorrow in 
~ Mission Bay. 
:~ This year's team, coached by 
; Jack Vallarga and captained by 
· Mark Lambert, will compete in 

J four races - the heavy-weight 
1 eight, the freshman eight, the 
.. , varsity four, and the women's l lightwe~ght eight. All of the men's 
~ races Will take place over the 2000 
~ meter Mission Bay course, while 

the women's race is 1000 meters. 
Vallarga, an alumnus of UCSB, 

· was the assistant coach of the 
Triton team last year and was 

· . elevated to head coach at the 
beginning of this season, He 

f sta ted .that th~ year's ~uad is 

Iii very Inexpertenced With only · three oarsmen and one coxswain · veterans on the entire 34-person ii team. 
.. Despite its youth and inex-
J perience, Vallarga was op-
· timistic about the team's chances j in tomorrow's regatta. He is 
. 

], .. '. hopin~ that the oarsmen will 
!I.! remam ca lm and collected 
~ during the course Of. the- race~, 
~ rather than letting their 
,$ adrenaline flow too much, 
· causing early fatigue and some 

errors. 
The strategy that Vallarga 

hopes to U8e in all the races is one 
that employs a relatively low 

t stroke during the body of the 
* race. Thirty-four strokes per 

minute (spm) will be maintained 
, by the oarsmen during the middle 
' of the race, with 38-40 spm at the 
start and 36-38 spm at the 
finishing sprint. 

· The Triton heavyweight eight 
· will participate in the Ca lifornia 

@. Cup. This race will pit UCSD 
Ii against USC, UCSB, Santa Clara, 
fJ San Diego State and Long Beach 
m ~·=':f.:>. .. u~,::.:::, ./$~;; '. ~~mk1;(;(:£(;." . ; ... ::.r: 

':.: .. 

State. Rowing from the stroke 
position to the bow will be Mark 
Lambert, Tim Fellows, Stan 
Reid, Mike Martin, Mike Weber, 
Gary Schlussel, Dave May and 
Bill Sullivan. These men will be 
coxswained by Jeannette Altier, 
one of the five women coxswains 
on the squad, 

According to Vallarga, the 
varsity eight has a chance of 
" placing in the top three. 
Whether we win or not depends 
on if the team rows to its full 

Mark Lamber1 (TT photo ; 
Bill Brooks) 
potential and also has a little 
luck," he said. 

Because of tAe large nwnber of 
freshmen teams competing in the 
Classic, two heats will be run 
with six squads in each heat. The 
first three finishers in each will 
then race in the Grand Final 
while the remaining ones will 
Darticioate in the Petite FinaL 

UCSD's freshman eight has a 
"good chance" of gaining the 
Grand Final, according to team 
captain , Mark Lambert. In order 
to do so, the Tritons must fare 
well against Long Beach State, 
UCSB, UCLA, and Berkeley. 

This shell, coxswained by 
Karen Balluda includes Leo 
Parker, Bruce Hoffman, Dominic 
Koroly , Mark Briner , Rich 

Rappaport, Dave Brady, Paul 
Hornberger and Jim Hornsby. 

.• >, 

The varsity four will face stiff I 
competition in their heat from ii! 
Washington, Wisconsin and r; 
Harvard, probably the top three ~~ 
crew teams in the nation . 'to 
According to Lambert, the UCSD .. 
shell has just been put together t 
and does not expect to beat the I~ 
afo rementioned teams. Coach j 
ValJarga is more concerned with ~ 
giving them some experience in ~;. 
the race , Brian Bashner, Terry "" 
Schmidt, Robert Martin and Guy ' 
Gary will row as Cathy Reedy .' 
coxswains the shell. 

The women's lightweight eight ;. 
will be composed of both UCSD :/ 
and Long Beach Rowind 
Association oarswomen. Rowing,? 
from UCSD will be Susie Klein, ;. 
Susie Luftner, Nancy Blackman,:t: 
and Debbie Pitts. Amelia Desai ' 
will coxswain. 

A total of 19 collegiate crews ;:~ 
will be rowing in this year's ~ 
Classic, as well as seven west ;' . 
coast amateur club teams. The : 
Harvard crew is the defending . 
champion from 1975, having won ,>~ 
the highly prized Gold Cup. They · 
are also the current 1975 Eastern ; .. 
collegiate sprint champions and . ~ 
their coach, Harry Parker, will ~ 
be coach of the US women's 
Olympic crew. The University of 
Washington is a two-time Classic ;~ 
champion, winning in '73 and '74 
and is also the 1975 Western 
sprint champions. 

Races begin at about 8 
~ 

tomorrow morning and will \1 
continue into the early afternoon. 
The best viewing location is at . ~ 
Bahia Point in Mission Bay .. 
where the body of the race and ~l 
the finish can be seen. ifi 

Tascon Productions 
Presents 

GORDON 
LIGHTFOOT 

SUNDAY. APRIL 4AT8PM 
Golden Hall 

Tickets: $7, 6 ,5 
On sale at Civic Theater 

Box Office 

qntimate 
designs in 
~ilver~ ~tone 
for that special 

person in your 1i 

""'Plebian 
83A Kline 51, La Jolla, 
45<1 ·1888 CA <na:J7 

U C San Dt(~o Campus ProQrdfH BOiirn 

'Housing rates for 1976/77: 

C()8St ApartlDents-
Residential Apartments lor mamed students 
and Single graduates 

Studio $1 to.OO 
t -Bedroom 
2-Bedroom 

$136.00 per month 
5149.00 per month 

Resident Halls-
Room and Board - 19 meal plan 

Revelle & Fou~th, double occupancy -
$1.725 per Aoademic Year 

Revelle & Fourth , .Ingle occupancy-

$1 ,775 per Aca<lemlC Year 

Muir, doublo & single occupancy-

51 ,730 per Aca<lemlc Year 

Mesa Apartments'-

2- Bedroom $162.00 per month 

New Mesa Apartments-
I ·Bedroom 

2-Bedroom 

3-Bedroom 

$165.00 per month 
$210.00 per month 

5248.00 per month 

Undergraduate Apartments-
Muir, Third . and Camous Apartments 

$895.00 per Academic Year 

Campus AJ)BZ'tments Students living on campus for the entire Academic Year will be eligible 
with .... No-Frills·. lora 12 month contract but will be reQuired lollvs at theCarnpus 

Academic Year 

12·month 
5775 
592~ 

Apartments during the summer months . 

t2-monlh contract - 5t50 more for Ihe S 'Tlmermonth. 

No Fr1lla: 
APPlicatIOns are now available for 10 " No-Frills' apartments at Mesa for 1916/77. The following services will not be Included. Furnilure, 
linen , tOilet piper, lightbulbs, wastebaskets, vacuum cleaners, brooms, mops, dustpans. Any student Is eligible, Including those alremy 
haVing reserved rooms 81 other dorms or apartment facllllh.s. Priorily will be given to groups of four, then to groops of two. Others will be 
Placed on a waiting hst upon reQuest. Application deadline Is April 30. Aparlment draw will be May 3. 
Apphc tlons can be picked up al the Campus Apllrtrnenll Residant Oean 's Office. 
For further Information , contact the Resident Deen CounSIHorat Revelle. Muir, T~ lrd , and lor Campus Apartments 

Hot Off The Press 
in concert 

April L. Friday. NOON 
Gym Steps 

FREE 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• • • • • A worthwhile offer from CPB • 
• • • • 
: SEASON PASS to all Films : 
= and most special events = 
• • • 
= thiS quarter ! = 
• • 
• • : In exchange for posting posters : 
• for the Campus Programing Board. • 
= All we are looking for is r.omeone = 
• reliable and willing to spcmd a little time. • 
• • 
• • 
• If interlS!tcd • 
: PLEASE CALL 452-4090 = 
• • 
• • • ask for Ruth . • 
• • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



i rlit •• il.Dl(as Friday, AprU 2, 117. 
Revelle Reporter 

College Governing-Bodies Need People 
r 

Dave Bergland, vice-
presidential candidate for the 
Ubertaria f\ Party, will make a 
campaign appearance at UC San 
Diego today. 

Bergland, a Los Angeles at-
torney, will speak at the Revelle 
formal lounge at noon. He is Roger 
MacBride's running mate. 

Bergland is the author of a 
number of articles in Reason 
magazine. He is involved in 
malpractice law and has developed 
much of the Libertarian Party's 
position on the controversy. 

The Libertarian Party platform 
calls for a free market economy, 
including repeal of special interest 
legislation for business and labor, 

Refugee Doctors . 
that many would be able to 
practice medicine in this country. 

Vu-Dinh Minh, an Assistant 
Clinical Professor of Medicine at 
uam and a graduate of the Saigon 
School of Medicine, has developed 
the medical components of the 
training program. Medical school 
faculty assisted by Vietnamese 
translators are the instructors in 
the UCSD program. 

More Comfortable 
Minh first began his efforts in 

collaboration with the San Diego 
Vietnamese Alliance Association 
when refugees first came to San 
Diego last year with the collapse of 
the South Vietnamese government. 

Once the relocation began, Minh 
and other faculty members began 
medical classes for Vietnamese 
physicians living in the San Diego 
area. 

The UCSD linguistics depart-
ment has set up an IS-week 
program to help the physicians 
become more comfortable with the 
use of conversational English and 
medical terminology. Leonard 
Newmark, Director of the Center 
for Research in Language 
Acquisition, has designed a small-
group and individual tutorial 
system that will adapt itself to the 
language proficiencies of the 
physicians. 

The refugees are living in UCSD 
student housing and are provided 
with a monthly living allowance. 

McElroy .. _ 

a strict respect for civil liberties, 
including the repeal of all "vic-
tinlless crime"laws, and for a non-
interventionist foreign policy. 

Crafts ClaSses 
Today is the last chance for 

enrollment in classes at UC San 
Diego Center for Contemporary 
Crafts. 

The classes - which are open to 
students, staff, faculty members, 
alumni and residents of areas 
surrounding UCSD - cost $17.50 
each. The amount includes studio 
fees and materials. 

Classes offered include 
ceramics, jewelry, photography 
and glasswork. 

No University credit is available 
for crafts classes. 

. -

Most students are in their late 20s 
or 30s but a few are in their 60s. 
Participants in the UCSD program 
have come from as far away as 
Virginia. 

Hearings.. _ . 
a clear divergence between the 
cases presented by the two sides. 
. The University , represented by 

UC counsel Milton Gordon, has 
attempted to keep the scope of the 
hearings as narrow as possible, 
while the students' attorneys-
Peter Schey, Tom Bowden and 
Donald Nunn--have tried to 
broaden the hearings' scope, to 
include causes for their clients' 
alleged behavior. 

The University presented its 
case in the first three weeks. . 
Gordon called several witnesses, 
including deputy Vice-chancellor 
for Student Affairs Rick Whitehill 
and Student Center director Mark 
Bookman, who identified the 
charged students as participating 
in the demonstration and com-
mitting the alleged violations. 

The students have already called 
two witnesses--McElroy and 
Saxon. Saxon testified at a 
downtown location under heavy 
security , after 100 students 
disrupted the hearings the day he 
was originally scheduled to ap-
pear. 

by Debora Weber 
Staff Writer 

" Help Wanted," reads the sign in 
the Revelle provost office. For 
those seeking part-time campus 
employment there are jobs 
available next year for qualified 
Revelle students. Some of the jobs 
involve a salary - others are on a 
volunteer basis. 

The salaried positions are 
orientation leader and college 

Cable TV. _ . 
system". Icenogle said' the system 
would benefit people who cannot 
attend classes at UCSD because 
they are handicapped, have 
families or lack transportation. 
TiLe other use for the system would 
be in large lecture classes. 
Professors could ask students 
questions to test their un-
derstanding, and students could 
give the answers with the yes/no 
buttons. 

'The response system is not new, 
Icenogle said, but this is the first 
system that is cheap enough for a 
wide range of people to afford. 

A subscription to the unit will 
cost Del Mar residents $7.50 per 
month and the response unit will 
cost an additional $3.50 per month. 
Initially, UCSD Extension would 
work in conjunction with the Del 
Mar system to present the classes. 
Icenogle hopes that if the Del Mar 
system is effective it will be 
duplicated throughout the city, 
allowing UCSD to offer televised 
courses to all San Diego sub-
scribers. 

The Del Mar City Council is 
presently trying to decide whether 
it should buy the $200,000 system or 
lease it from International Cable 
Communications, Inc. of San 
Diego, the company which will 
build and install the system. 

Besides using the system to 
televise classes, Del Mar plans to 
use the response system to 
augment police, fire and health 
service to its residents. The 
system enables subscribers to 
alert police, fire or a hospital 
instantly. The agency alerted 
could check a file on the family's 
medical history in case of a 
medical emergency. In case of a 
fire or burglary, the fire or police 
department could refer to a floor 
plan of the house which they would 
have on file . 

Another project taken up by same schools is to have activities of the 
performing arts take place on several nearby campuses at the same 
time, thereby lowering the costs, McElroy said. 

The yes/no response system 
would also be put to use by the Del 
Mar City Council in polling viewers 
of televised city council meetings 
on specific issues. Meeting Last February 

Representatives of the schools have been meeting informally for some 
years. The articles of the association and bylaws of HEASD were signed 
by the members last February at a meeting at UCSD, as a formal 
declaration of their objectives and aims. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Third College Graduating Seniors : 
April 9 is the deadline to apply for 
o SA degree at the end of June . A 
$3 penalty fee will be required 
after thiS do te. Candidates should 
contact the Third College Academic 
AdviSing Office for f inal degree 
ch ecks. 

Membership in the association is not restricted and other ~ccredited 
educational institutions which demonstrate the ability and willingness to 
cooperate in the aims of the organization may become members upon the 
unanimous consent of the current membership, according to the bylaws. 
No dues or assessments will be charged of any member institution. 

The association is scheduled to hold at least three meetings per year 
with special meetings called at the request of two or more members. 

mUROPEciiA-RTFBS) 
= Book. Now--Don~t wait : 
I I 

";:::======-, I Many Fliqhts Already Full 1 
SCIENCE I I 

OF M I Booking For Flights I IND I Deadline is . l eaving On . I 
carre and hear 

Dr. John Wight, D.O. 
on 

'TheSearch 
for God' 

This Sunday 10:45am 
71 5 Silverado 

La Jolla 

• April 05 June 08 I 
I April 12 June I S I 

AprillR June2 1 I April 2:1 June 26 I 
I April 26 June 29 I 
I I 
I PA E Till AVAilABLE I 
I ON OME FLIGHT I 
I I 
I CIEE I 
II Student Bill Keller Mark Dana II 

U D International nter 
I Travel la Jolld . lif. 9209:1 I 

lk Se · 4520630 :J rvlCes Open Wee kda ys 12 4 pm. ••••••••••••••••••• 

intern. There are openings for 
eight and four people, respectively. 

Application deadlines are fast 
approaching. The deadline on the 
orientation leader position is 
Monday. The illtern deadline April 
16. Applications are available in 
the Provost's office. 
-There are also positions 

available on the many governing 
boards of the college. The Revelle 
Committee on College Affairs, the 
Revelle Program Board, the 
Residence Hall Board and many 
Academic Senate and ad-
ministration committees have 
openings for people interested in 
planning and concerned about 
decision-making. Applications for 
these positions are available in the 
provost's office and in the Com-
munity Center. 

Campus Talent 
-There will be a campus-wide 

talent show - sponsored by Revelle 
- held on April 24. The auditions for 
the s~ow will be held Monday and 
Wednesday evening in the Revelle 
cafeteria. All UC San Diego 
faculty, staff and students may 
participate . 

There will even be prizes, in two 
categories: musical and non-
musical acts. Top prize in each 
category will be $50. 

More information and sign-ups 
can be obtained at EDNA. 
-Tonight from 9pm to one is the 

grand opening of a discoteque -
"Ubiquity" at Revelle's Side Door. 
Admission tonight will be free, but 
on Saturday it will cost 25 cents. 

Paperbacks WelCQIDe 
-A book exchange library and a 

chess-checkers game area are 
being set up in the Community 
Center. The library will run on an 
Qpen-book system. All gifts of 
paperbacks are welcome, and 
anyone who brings a book can take 
one. 

Chess and checker sets and 
boards are also needed to set up the 
game area. People wishing to 
donate sets should take them to the 
center. 
-A series of noon concerts will be 

presented this quarter by the 
colleges. Revelle concerts will be 
on the Revelle plaza Tuesdays, 
beginning April 6. " Equinox" will 
be the first band to perform. 
-The help of all is needed in an 

attempt to complete a survey of 
Revelle graduates - many are 
"missing" from the files. Any in-
formation on addresses and 
current jobs of former Revelle 
graduates would be appreciated. 
The survey is being conducted in 
an effort to find out how well 
Revelle graduates are doing with 
their careers to help future 
graduates. Those interested should 
contact Liz in the Provost's office 
with any information. 

best lower level and floor seats 
including front rows .. .. FOR 

ChicagO, BTO, 
Paul McCartney & Wings, 

Elvis Presley. 
Deposit guarantees a GOOD seatl 

Also, Robin Trower and M_shall Tucker. 
S.D_ TICln SALES 273-45'7 can anytime 

for more info 

76SUMMEI SESSION 
U.C..RlCELEY 

Eight Week Se.slon-June 28 to Augu.t 20 
Open Summer Admission (no transcripts required) 

Tuition Up to 5 units : $220. 6 or more units : Additional $10 
per unit to a maximum of $320. Incidental Fees: $17.00 
For more information call or write : 

Summer Sessions, 22 Wheeler Han 
University of California Berkeley, CA. 94720 (415) 642-5611 

REElOCK " the lorst btcycle IocklnLsystem to oller 
convenience .nd absolute . ,'ely The system 'tllChes 
to the I"",. crossmember. ,nd connot be 
removed ,n lock POSItion CIII,n relrlCts ,nto t,mper· 
prool coso when not In uso lOCk •• nd unlocks ,n 
second~' 

to lock 
momi1g? 
vaurebm? 
• compocl steel em bolts 

to I"",. 
• locks ,nd unlocks ,n seconds 
• cut, .h.ner ,nd t,mper 'prool 

, __ .-",.cllqUite 
trst•ms 

ORDER NOW! 

AVHtble only by mt~ trom 
'lit ",",-ms lAmPl'lY 
370 hst 11th A_ 
DIn"'I. Colorado 10203 


