
, . 

UC San Diego was visited by 
two unexpected celebrities 
this week. Private Party 
presidental candidate Mister 
Trash (right) made a stop 
along his San Diego tour 
Tuesday. Then, on Wed-
nesday, Holy Hubert (left) 
made his annual visit to 
exhort UCSD students to 
change their sinful ways. 
(TT photos: Bill Brooks) 

Walsh Main Issue in District One Race 
by Sara J. Lowen 

Community Editor 
First district Supervisor Jack 

Walsh says he is seeking re-
election this year because he 
" needs a job." 

His opponents would prefer to 
see him in the unemployment line. 

The main issues in the first 
district supervisorial race are 
Walsh's style and the high 
unemployment rate in the district. 

Walsh's opponents have. accused 
him of being fiscally irresponsible, 
ignoring his constituents and 
bickering with the other super-
visors and Sheriff John Duffy. 

Walsh contends his opponents 
wouldn't know if he's been 
responsive. He accuses them of 
spending so much time politicking 
that they haven't got the facts 
right. 

Walsh has been involved in 
controversy with Duffy over 
funding and control of tbe county 
jail since last summer. 

Seven Challengen 
Besides trying to gain control of 

the county jail, Walsh has been 
involved in restructuring county 

. government into an agency and 
reducing the county budget. 
Walsh's major programs have 
included establishing a senior day 
care program, an alcohol 
detoxification center, an om-

libertarian Kinsky ' 

budsman to question people on 
property assessment and a citizens 
advisory council. 

Seven people are challenging 
Walsh : Ernie Azhocar, a 
businessman; Jim Feeley, a 
county welfare employee; Tom 
Hamilton, mayor of Chula Vista; 
Frank Matta rocc i, a real estate 
salesman; Bob Miller, a former 
deputy county clerk; Don Perry, a 
realtor; and· Bert Stites, mayor of 
Imperial Beach. 

All of Walsh's opponents said 
Walsh's performance as super-
visor was a factor in their decision 
to seek office. Azhocar and Stites 
criticize Walsh for making trips to 
Washington, DC to advise the 
President when, they said, he 
should be representing his con-
stituents. 

" We don't need Walsh in 
Washington; we have a lobbyist 
and Van Deerlin there," Azhocar 
said. 

Walsh responds to this charge by 
saying, "My parents taught me 
that it was discourteous and un-
patriotic to turn down the president 
when he asks you for help." 

Hamilton, Perry and Mattarocci 
feel Walsh has been too busy 
bickering with the sheriff and the 
other supervisors to get anything 
done. 

"He's been against everything 

that's good, and for everything 
that's bad," Feeley said. 

Managed Growth-
All the candidates cited unem-

ployment as the major problem 
facing the district. Walsh believes 
that managed growth is necessary 
to keep the unemployment rate 
from increasing further. 

" Before we try to attract people, 
we have to analyze the impact 
they'll have on San Diego. We have 
to figure out where we build 
homes, what will be the burden on 
facilities," Walsh said. 

Feeley charges that the Board of 
Supervisors has increased 
unemployment by putting a freeze 
on county hiring and letting illegal 
aliens in the country. 

Mattarocci believes' that 
government should not be a 
makeshift employer, "because 
such an action would increase 
county spending, which he believes 
is already " exorbitant." 

Perry and Stites also charge that 
Walsh has been too loose with the 
tax dollar. "The county budget has 
tripled," Perry said. " If we waste 
our resources, we're destroying 
our future." 

All of Walsh's challengers favor 
attracting light industry to San 
Diego as a means to provide jobs 
'for the unemployed. 

Continued on Page 3 

Senate Candidate is Not Easily Catagorized 
by Ja mes G. Soto 

CltyEdJtor 

Liberta~ians present a paradox to the American 
voter. They seem both conJerVative and liberal, 
radical and reactionary. 

Lynn Kinsky-the Ubertarian-endorsed can-
didate for US Senate-was at UC San Diego earlier 
this week as part of her first statewide swing for 
votes. 

Kinsky believes as aU Ubertarlans do that 
government should be drutlcaUy llmlted. She said 
that if elected to the Senate, she would vote for no 
spending at aU, on the grounds that the money is not 
the Senate's to spend. 

She would also abolish all regulatory agencies 
because she contends that they do not protect the 
consumer. In fact, she argues that these federal 
agencies have become the tools of the bWliness 
interests they are supposedly regulating. 

Victimle .. CrIme. 
These seemingly conservative ideas are con-

-trasted by Kinsky's views on foreign policy. Here 
she is an isolationist who would withdraw American 
participation from the poUticaland mllltary affairs 
of the rest of the world. 

"The United States should mind its own 
business, "is Kinsky's approach to foreign policy. 

She compared her views on foreign policy to those 
CoatlDued 08 Pale t 

Gray: Accreditation Visit 
Going Better This Year 

by RaoAnbar 
Staff Writer 

"Loss of accreditation would kill 
an institution," said Hector Lee, 
the vice-chairman of the visiting 
Western Association of Schools and 
Colleges (W ASC) accreditation 

The Triton Times will carry 
coverage of the anti-accreditation 
rally, held yesterday on the gym 
steps, in Monday'" paper. 

committee at a press conference 
yesterday. 

Committee chairman Richard 
Gilman, the president of 
Occidental College, said he felt a 
major institution such as UC San 
Diego would have no problem 
receiving accreditation. 
" Accreditation is usually no 
problem but it's a ' good self-

Committee 
Applications 
Available 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

Applications for next year's 
campus-wide committees are now 
available. 

The committees control nearly 
e\'erything that happens at UC San 
Diego, from " What goes in your 
head to what goes in your 
stomach," Mark Fingerman, 
Student Cooperative appointments 
and evaluations coordinator, said 
in an interview last week. 

Fingerman, who makes Coop 
appointments to campus com-
mittees, said the committees are 
useful for disseminating in-
fgrmation, educating students on 
the bureaucracy and com-
municating ideas between students 
and administrators, as well as for 
presenting a student viewpoint on 
decisions. 

38 Committees 
The Coop coordinator-who said 

applications for committees are 
due next Friday in the second floor 
of the student center-reviewed the 
campus-wide committees and the 
reasons for filling next year's 
student posts this spring. 

There are 38 campus-wide 
committees that need student 
members. These include Academic 
Senate, administrative, student 
affairs advisory and business and 
finance committees. 

The panels range from the 
Program Review Committee 
(PRC) to the Committee on 

Continued OD Page 3 

check," he explained. "Sometimes 
an institution will have to ask 
questions it never asked itself 
betore." 

The 'entire campus of UCSD will 
be covered by the accreditation 
with the exception of the medical 
school, which is accredited by the 
Association of American Medical 
Colleges. 

"Remarkably WeU" 
" Things don't seem to be going 

badly," Acting Dean of Graduate 
Students Manuel Rotenberg said of 
the present accreditation visit. 

Three years ago, UCSD was 
evaluated to have too many ad-
ministrators and a disorganized 
organizational structure. It 
received only a three-year ac-
creditation. 

Wayne Grey, executive 
secretary of the UCSD ac-
creditation steering committee 
which has been Pt"eparing for this 
visit since last year, feels 
" everyone on campus has done 
remarkable well." Unlike 1973, 
Gray said everyone this year has 
been able to answer questions 
posed to them by the accreditation 
team. 

Gray suggested he is able to 
gauge the accreditation team's 
concerns by the questions they 
asked. One of those concerns, 
according to Gray, was the T A 
situation. 

There is a good deal of interest in 
the problem, said Gray, especially 
due to the anti-accreditation rally 
held at noon yesterday and 
because of some of the visiting 
team's members feeling that T As 
are not good in the first place. 

Gray feels that the campus 
defended its position on T As; 
mamly by emphasizing efforts 
UCSD has made to receive more 
state funding for TAs. 

The accreditation team was 
sufficiently aware of the rally to 
send at least two of its members of 
witness the events. (Two members 
of the team are involved with 
student affairs on their own 
campuses. ) 

Gilman, in an interview 
yesterday, described the team's 
visit as a time, "to look and to 
listen and not to make a 
pronouncement. " 

For this reason the committee 
set up an informal meeting with 
students at 9 this morning. 
Members of the committee have 
also spoken to students in the 
library, bookstore, and other 
locations on campus. 

Lee, who was chairman of the 
W ASC's Senior Commission of 

Continued on Page I 

Libertarian Party senat rial c ndidate lynn Kinsky outlined 
her campaign views Monday at the A v II forme I lounge. (TT photo : Bill Brooks) . 



Pale I 
.! 

Letters to the Editor 

Student Relp Needed in Prevention 
of D< uglas Smith's Dismissal 

It bas come to our attenti,m that research creativity. From all involves UCSD as weD as the entire 
the UC San Diego biology depart- biology department professors that UC system and that is, whether or 
ment has recommended denial of we have interviewed, the general not the Univenity is for educating 
tenure to Dr. Douglas Smith. mood of the department seems to we, the students, or for the 
Unless positive student action is be that Dr. Smith's research is manifestation of an eUte body of 
taken, this move by the biology good. He is involved In the scientists concerned with world 
department, which has started the elucidation of DNA replication In prestige. 
bureaucratic machinery, may Escherichia Coli, which is a highly To prevent the tragic dismissal 
~It In the dismissal of.Dr. Doug competitive field contair.ing the of .Dr. Douglas Smith, we are 
Smith. The purpose of thIS letter is top minds in science. Although not asking for the support of the 
to solicit your attention and sup- the top leader in the field, Dr. ~tudent ~y. There . 'Yill be .an 
port to this iss~. ., Smith has made more than a inf0n:nation and positive acti~n 

Jr.t the past SIX years 10 which Dr. significant contribution through meeting on Tuell., May 4, at noon ~ 
Smith has been at U~D,. he ~ publications of over 12 papers in BB 1~03 . We a,sk you to attend this 
made valuable contnbutions 10 the past six years he has been a meetmg and find out what you can 

~y res~. H~ is personaDy professor at UCSD. In fact, one do. If ~ou are unable to attend 
10terested 10 speakmg to students biology professor (name withheld) p~ease s~n y~r .name on one of the 
regarding any level of involvement felt that his research is as good or Circulating petitIOns. We need your 
at this school. His motivation to better than other tenured support! 
teaCh . is compl~mented br his professors at UCSD. Even if Dr. 
effective teaching .tec~lqU~, Smith's research was ' not as 
Anot~~ n~d qu~lity . IS his rigorous, we feel that his teaching 
capability of mtera~tion 'Ylth other and administrative attributes yield 
faculty mem~rs meludlng. those him highly desirable and beneficial 
from the medical school, biology, to the biology department at 
physiCS, and chemistry depart- UCSD. 
II)ents. 

Although Dr. Smith's tenure is 
the area of primary concern, there 
is a deeper issue here. One that 

ANNIEIRIYE 
LLOYD ITO 

DEBBIE LEE 
ORLIN UBERMAN 

RICHARD MA TSUEDA 
LARRYPIRO 

STEERING COMMITTEE 
OF THE : 

EFFORT FOR THE TENURE 
OF DR. DOUGLAS SMI'lll 

Through the years Dr. Smith has . 
served on several committees here 
at UCSD. He has been a member 
and the chairman of the Curriculm 
Review Board for the first two 
years of its existence, a two-year 
member of the Muir College 
Council, on the Biology Graduate 
Committee, a member last year 
and the chainnan this year of the 
Summer School Committee, and 
has also been a Pre-med advisor 
for the past four years. 

Heimler vs. Cafeteria Food? 

Any student will testify to the 
fact that this combination of 
qualities is a rare commodity that 
few science professors exhibit. 

The final criterion for tenure is 

i. found myself sitting on this 
barstool next to the men's room 
and i slowly became aware of the 

th~ap-thwap-thwap of hammering 
human flesh; it was HEIMLER 
writing his monthly quota of avant-
garde intellectualisms RIGHT ON 
CHUCK: you' ll really go places 
with your unique phraseology i 
can't r emember anything so 
profound since 1968(FUCKING-A 

digestion I LAY TEN TO ONE 
ON CHUCK because he's my son - i 
mean who else would read this 
shit? love, dad 

MICHAEL MARK, 
REVELLE 

A Letter From 
My Father 

. YOU SAY) /New Managing Editor j 
Kristin Webb has been appointed 

Managing editor of the Triton 
Times, effective today. 

Webb, a sophomore at Muir 
College, has served as Assistant 
managing editor since last month. 

Your words carry as much sting 
as Dylan's TARANTULA but they 
go much deeper - all the way up to 
the prostate gland, baby. The 
monthly routine is this: we chew up 
one part WIPE WITH THIS or one 
part cafeteria fare and see which 
leaves a smellier mess after 

I was disappointed to discover 
. that the TritoD Times' columnists, 
being incapable of writing 
anything coherent on their own, 
are now going to the length of 
printing other people 's private 
mail without first obtaining their 
consent. 

The letter quoted by Charles 
Hejrnler in h is aptly named Wipe 
With This column (TT, April 28) 
was, I have reason to believe, from 
my father. How it came into Mr. 

The Triton Times is recognized by the Communica tions Board of UCSD as the official 
;tudenl newspaper. Publication is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays during Ihe 
regular school year (.<cept on olliclal holidays) . Edilorlal and business off ices are 
localed in 117 Blake Hall on lhe ROIIeile College campus , Unlyerslty 01 Call1Ofnla. San 
Diego. . Heimler's hands is immaterial; 

the point is that it should never 
have been printed. I feel that an 
apology is in order. 

letlers to the Edllor and opinion columns are welcomed . All submissions should be 
lyped on a 74·space lone on nonerasable paper. They should nol exceed Ihree pages in 
lenglh dOuble· spaced. The Triton Times reserves lhe right 10 edit ~~bmlssions because 
01 space limitations or style requirements . 

For edlto,ial . call 452·3466; lor business and display adyertlSements, call 452·3468. 
Entorecontents copyright 1976, Tnton Times. 

RS 

Student Coalition Against 
Ripoffs--Involvement Better Than Criticism 

To the Student Coalition Against Rip-offs (SCAR): 
I find it necessary to point out some things to you 

before you continue to condemn the Coop. 
1) To criticize the meetmgs u~mg a mixture of 

truths, half-truths, and lies is a very poor way to go 
about implementing change in government. 

2) To not even attend the meetings and continue to 
criticize them, is the mark of a poorly informed 
person. The only member of your "committee" lis~d 
in your letters has not even attended one meeting. I 
would know Qecause I u lke care of all attendance at 
the meetings, 

3) While I do not deny all of your claims, I do find 
your remarks about the ffinding of activities totally 
inadequate. Considerin:l that not everybody who 
attends this school is I average" it is senseless to 
want funding only for the averalie activities of 
average students. The )ther types of students ptly 
their $6 also! 

4) To expect even 50 ~.e rcent of the student body to 
vote is ridiculous! Not e 1E!Jl Berkeley in its last major 
election had 12 percent bf the voting body, while 
UCSD had 36 percent in its last major election, 60 
percent of which voted in favor of the Coop . 

5) As is the case witn every fonn 0( government 
where voting is not required, you find a small per-
c~ntage of voting and involvement by the populace. 
This is a problem plagueing the Coop, but in relation 
to the other UC campuses, we have a somewhat 
larger diversity in the people who attend. 

About elltism .... One finds elitism in almost every 
fonn of government . What you call elitism and rule 
by the "select few" should be exposed to the students 
at this campus as overworking students who care 
enoulCh to get involved. 

The Coop was set up in such a way to open up op-
portunities for students to find out information and 
get involved. I see none of your members making an 
outstanding showing at these "Sno-op" meetings, and 
contr ibuting anything substantial to student 
government. 

The Coop is a body for change and a great many o( 
its "elite" and non~lite members want to see more 
participation by the student body so the Coop can 
grow anll become much more productive than it is 
right now in its state beset with the problem of 
apathy. 

As long as the students are misinformed by errors 
in judgement and criticism by groups such as 
yourselves,and in letters thBt have no real solid base 
for . attack, there will be apathy, there will be 
problems in student government, and there will be 
lJToblcms in reg,ards to the student status on this and 
many other campuses. 

I see some concern in your letter in how money is 
handled at this campus, and some of your fears are 
well-founded, but please, don't Just complain! Get 
involved, get friends involved and contribute to help 
iron out the bugs in the system. The most redeeming 
. value of the Coop is that it has the potential to 
become the best government (or the students as long 
as people care and who want positive changes. 

P.S.: Seeing as SCAR stands for Student Coalition 
Against Racism, it is a friendly suggestion that you 
change your name! 

MA TI'HEW GRAV A IT 
COOP REPRESENTATIVE TO BOA 

Friday, AprU30,197' 

Women Denied Right of 
Adequate Health Care 

byJaaetBUI 
Most Americans would agree that health care is a right, not a privilege. 

It was on such an asslUllption that the UC San Diego Student Health 
Center was established. The Center is currently supported by a sizeable 
portion 01 each student's registration fee . . yet, women at ucm, half the 
student population, are denied many basic rights to proper service. 

A recent lJtudy conducted by the American Association of CoDeges on 
the status of women and education listed eight basIc medical services 
that each university must provide for their women students. It is in-
teresting to see how UCSD meets these requirements: 

1. An obstetr' u -gyaecolog.t [OB-GYN] sbould be avaUabie to tbe 
university OD' iull or part-time basis. At UCSD, an OB-GYN visits the 
Health Centf only once a week to deal with specific medical problems. 
Twice a we- ", an OB-GYN visits the Birth Control ClInic to deal only with 
womer . _. ~rested in contraceptives. 

Z. BIrtb cootrol sboald be avaDabie wItb adequate coaueUog aad 
medical foDow-up. On this point, UCSD basically lives up to the standard. 
Birth control is available to aD students and/or their partners with suf-
ficient medical foDow-up. Despite efforts to minimize expense, the cost 
ranges from $10-$30 a year, depending upon the method of birth control 
chosen. Counseling is available in infonnal group rap sessions or private 
apPointments with clinic personnel. 

3. A pelvic aDd breast exam with pap smear sbould be provided free of 
charge. The cost for such a vital examination at UCSD is $10. In spite of 
pressure from women on campus, this basic health right is not covered by 
the Student Health Center. Efforts were made this year to havea pap and 
pelvic , guaranteed to women affiliated with the University. The ad-
ministration unanimously turned down the proposal. 

4. Testing for and treatment of veDeral disease should be provided. 
This service is available to all students at UCSD. re~ardless of gender, as 
a function of the Health Center, not the Birth Control Clinic. 

5. Testing aDd counseling cODcerning pregnancy should be provided. 
. There is no cost for preganancy testing and counseling at UCSD. 
Appointments are made through the Birth Control Clinic. 

5. Abortion counsellog and referral sbould also be provided by tbe 
University. Both services are available at UCSD. Ironically, though, 
while birth control is paid from the student's own pocket, abortion is 
covered entirely by student health insurance. 

7. Tbe University sbould aid in training supporUve personnel. There 
are 10 volunteers who facilitate the operationof the ucsa Birth Control 
Clinic. The bulk of administrative and counseling duties rests with Judy 
G.oldfinch, registered nurse and co-ordinator of the Birth Control ClInic. 
Judy hopes to expand the volunteer program next year tp reach a larger 
percentage of UCSD students. If enough interest were expressed, Judy 
would also be interested in starting a self-help women's health program. 

8. All services should be avaDable to all women stndents, staff, aad 
faculty. At UCSD, the Birth Control ClInic limits its clientele to students 
and their partners. 

Despite the availability and proximity of the UCSD Birth Control 
Clinic, many women tum to outside sources for contraceptives and 
counseling. The clinic is open for information, rap sessions, films, and 
counseling Monday and Wednesday 5 to 9 pm, and Tuesday and Thursday 
9 am to 3 pm. Partners are encouraged to attend. 

Health care for women is not limited to birth control. The women at 
UCSD must act to implement low-cost comprehensive care for all our 
needs, for all women. It is our right, not our privilege. 

Prisoner Desi res Pen Pal. 
I pray this letter finds you all in 

the best of health. Please allow me 
to request, if you will assist in 
publishing a correspondence ad in 
the community paper to seek 
people to write to me in prison? 

The ad is as follow s: 

I am regretfully incarcerated in 
prison for burglary and have lost 
all contact, including my family, 
from the. outside world, which is 
hard to explain because as I see the 
guard pass my cell daily with no 
mial, I ask myself if there is 
anyone in society that cares , 
Please understand my position, I 
am grateful for all concern shown. 

" Jim Miller 143611 Box 787 
Lucasville, Ohio 45648 desires 
correspondence in our community 
from prison for burglary and 
lonely with no one to care. I am 
from Cincinnati, Ohio and Will be 
26 yrs. old on April 28th also, plus 
have brown hair and eyes also 
weigh 190 Ibs. 6 ft. etc. -

I am studying Theology to 
become a new ordained minister 
and lift barbeDs in my leisure time. 
My various interests are sports, 
barbells, church, reading and 
outdoor life. 

JIM MILLER 

K,I.UnWebb 
M.naglng Editor 

Mark Siadl ... 
News Editor 

C,.lg Uchld. 
Opinion Edllo, 

N., ... nMey .... 
Photo Edllor 

Alan Russell 
Art. Editor 

St. II write" 
Ran Anbar 

Evelyn Barala 
Ale. Bennett 

Robin DeRleux 
Steve Esmedina 

cathy Fitzmaurice 
John Halperon 
Phil Hubbard 
Craig JaCi<son 

Ron Kato 
Daniel Shawler 
Mike Scarano 
Ken SIIP8noY 

Tana Takanash l 
v ro M I Todo,oY 

Nic .. Vanocu' 
Debora Weber 

John H. Taylor 
Edllo,·in-chl.1 

Wendy Eagle 
Olflce Manager 

UCS.n Diego 

Spedel wrlI .... 
Charles Heimler 
Edward Simons 

Bulin". 
Penae liltlelon 
Doug Mooney 
Jenni ler lack 

, A.II,lenl Sport, Ecllor 
Scotl S.cIIi 

Production 
Becky DeVinney 
Shauna Stokes 

Jam .. G. SolO 
. Clly Edllor 

S.,.J . Lo ..... 
Community Edllor 

Ke";le Nicoli 
Bulin ... Manager 

D .. e Elsen 
Sport. Edllor 

Tim MacKenzie 
Crtlfclsm Editor. 

Phot09'.""y 
Paul Jarvis 

Sharon ROberts 
Bill Brooll. 
Mark Gomez 
Joan Finkle 

copy 
Angle Bartoli 
0 .. Ehlgiator 
N.cIlne linde, 
Susan Nellon 

11I",lr8l0 .. 
Merk Robb 

SIeve Sk...,lne 
Bill Pei,onnet 

Friday, AprU 31,1171 • r'.oll .1'111('8 

Low 
Blows 
and Cbeap ~_ S~ort History Of q'~e ~ericaIJ 

NatioQ Part V by IclwArd Simons Shots · 
" If there is anything in the America bf today that 

resembles the America which was put under the 
protection of George Washington ' in 1789, it is the 
Constitution. Other than that, there is nothing 
similar." 

I said that just yesterday, and it's as true today as it 
was then. The writing and ratification of the Con-
stitution is the single most important event in this 
nation's history. True, it doesn't have the raw, lyric 
beauty of the Declaration of Independence but, as a 
besotten copy editor once asked me, " what does?" 

Frankly, the D of I was a one-shot deal, a good piece 
of propaganda. The Constitution, though, got down to 
the nitty-gritty and put something together. the 
delegates to the Constitutional Convention of 1787 
didn't go to Philadelphia to preach mindlessly at each 
other. They got down and got dirty up to the elbows. 

The truly amazing thing about the Constitution is 
that it was written and approved by the delegates 
from the 13 states within five months. Ratification 
took anot.~er ten months. As one source said, "The 
convention was composed of a group of men seldom 
matched in the world's history for ability, sound 
judgement, wisdom and devotion to their country's 
welfare." 

The most recent such meeting, maybe the only one 
that comes close to the above description, was that of 
Mafia leaders at Appalachin. 

The Constitution took effect iii March of 1789, when 
Congress met for the first time. In other big news that 
year, George Washington was elec-
ted- unanimously-as the first president of these 
United States. . 

This all happened seven years after the 
Revolutionary War ended. By this time, the spotlight 
was off the United States, especially since France 
had -decided it was time for a revolution. 

The French Revolution was anything but the 
epitome of restraint, the leaders having done 
everything in their power to eradicate creeping 
aristocracy. Louis Exvee-Eye (the "Unfortunate 
Monarch") , to take a good example, sacrificed his 
head to the ideals of liberte, egalite and maternite-"in 
that order. 

His wife , Marie Antoinette, the patron saint of cake, 
didn't have as much to lose as her old man did, but 
she lost it anyway. Witnesses to her guillotining 
reported that the only way they could tell she had 
been beheaded was by her subsequent slurred 
speech. 

While the French were indulging themselves and 
the streets of Paris ran blue with the blood of 
aristocrats, certain other European states began 
getting the heebie-jeebies. 

Among these states was Great Britain. Now, the 
British probably had no more love for Louis XVI and 
his Royal Retinue than the Directory of revolutionary 
France did. But the overthrow of royalty was a 
dangerous precedent and G.B. had no trouble 

ANNOlJNCEMENTS' 

justifying entering into a war with France. Killing 
Frenclunen was always a British pastime. 

In the United States, the yrench Revolutionary 
Wars had the effect of dividing the American nation. 
ThOIl}aS Jefferson led the Democratic-Republicans, 
supporting the French; Alexander Hamilton led his 
Federalist Party in support of the British. 

In the meantime, westward expansion was con-
tinuing at a furious pace. This had the practical effect 
of strengthening the national government, since the 
new territories and states owed their existence to it. 
The Louisiana Purchase also aided the government's 
cause. 

As Napoleon soon discovered, the subjugation of 
Europe would take more than a couple of weekends. 
Also, his plans to overthrow the then present order 
were coming up against some cos.t-overruns. 

Frankly, Napoleon was a little short. 
In 1803, when diplomats from the United States 

approached him about purchasing the Louisiana 
Territory, Napoleon had to stick his hand in his mouth 
to avoid saying yes too quickly. As for the Americans, 
they got the wheat belt-plus New Orleans-for a dirt-
cheap $15 million. 

While aD this was going on, the debate continued 
over which nation, France or Britain, should be 
supported by the United States. Jefferson wished to 
remain neutral, but events were making it hard. 

At that time, both France and Great Britain were 
interfering with American shipping on the high seas. 

The British went one or two steps further, though. 
Not merely content with the impressment of 
American seamen (a funny Phrase, if you think about 
it) and the seizure of American ships and cargoes, the 
British also began stirring up the Indians, who never 
needed much prodding, against settlers in the west. 

Added to this was the outrageous act 01 a British 
frigate firing on the USS Chesapeake. Jefferson's 
response was cool. Some would say it bordered on 
spineless. He forbade British ships to enter American 
ports. 

Jefferson's Secretary of State, James Madison, ran 
for president in 1808, winning with more than 66 
percent of the electoral votes . 

On the issue of continued depradation of American 
shipping, Madison was ambivalent. On the one hand, 
he really got into the reasons for neutrality; on the 
other hand, he had nothing a gainst England and was 
as willing to fight a war with the English as with 
anyone else. -He had that carefree, devil-may-care 
aba ndon that we today know to be the sure signs of a 
lobotomy. 

Because Madison was not a strong leader, Congress 
seized the initiative and declared war on the Mother-
-Country. 

This happened in 1812, which also saw the re-
election of Madison. Historians, by the way, are 

ContiDued on Page 4 
................. .o " ...................................... . 
...... t.lc...tPtMucI"" ~ _. 

Grodualing sludenls or sludenls not 
planning 10 return 10 UC~D for the 
foil 1976 quarler, and who have an 
oUls land ing nationol direct, 
nalional defense, educational fee 
deferment or regents loon should 
conlacl the loon collection office, 
204 MC, regording on ex il in-
lerview. Deferment of payments 
and partial concellalion of loons 
may be avoilable to you. Find oul 
by call ing 452-3788 for your in-

~iew appoinlmenl. 

Writ ing Clinic: If you have difficully 
gelling your ideos down on paper 
Or you si mply wanl to i mprove your 
writing skills, Ihe W riting Clinic con 
assist you. The Clinic is not a closs 
bUI a free service. Wri ting advice is 

"Disco Dance 41'1" 
~-!!! .' 

'_~ OII 
--.... ........, 

a.. • • :IOmi 
,_ '.ooPM .. ' OOAM. 

o-.t.IrtS150 

offered on 0 one-Io-one basi s on 
course papers, resumes. proposals, 
scholarly arlicles, whotever Ihe 
need. If we can os~isl you in any 
way, come 10 HL 1254 or call 452-
2522 10 make on appointment. 

Positions Now Available 
for Statewide Committees 

- Academic Planning Ind Pf09'Im R •• I_ 
Boord" 
- Ad.lso,y Commit I.. 10' I •• rnlng 
Resourc .. 
- Aclmlnl . lr8lIon AdorllOry Comml"" on 
Inclu.'on ArM. 
- T ask Force on Financial .Id Inlo"".Ilon 

- Allirmlti'ile Aclion AdvllOry Commi llee . 
- I"I.,·Cempu •• Ihlelle """Itory Boa'" 
- Tasle For.,. or Financial AId Inlo,mllion 
- Academic Senate Commltt.. on 
Educallonal Policy. 
- Adyisory Committee on Insl,uellonll 
ilnprovement Progr.ms 

..... a.- 1>-

D{\. 5EU55 

Page 3 

Voter ~egistra.tion Deadline Nears 
Students have 10 days left to 

register to vote in the June 8 
primary election. 

" For students to exercise their 
political clout in the June 8 
primary, they must be registered 
to vote," says Kevin Woodruff of 
Student Vote '76, a statewide 
organization dedicated to turning 
out the student vote this year. 
" People on campuses are working 
to register as many students as 
possible by the deadline . " 

RequiremeDts 
Students who have never 

registered before must do so in 
order to vote in June . 

Committees ••. 
Naming Buildings, CoJleges, 
Streets and Facilities. 

Fingerman described the PRC 
as " the biggest, most complex" 
committee on campus. It is, he 
said, the principal advisory 
committee to Chancellor McElroy, 
and reviews all educational 
programs, supporting programs 
and expenditures, and reCom-
mends priorities for operating and 
capital improvements. 

Other committees that will need 
student members include the 
Academic Senate 's Committee on 
Educational Policy, the Housing 
and Food Services Committee and 
the Campus Program Board. 

Appointments for next year are 
being made now, Fingerman said, 
"to do away with the mass con-
fusion" that happens at the 
beginning of the year when 
nominations are usually made. 

In a further effort to avoid any 
confusion, Fingerman said 
orientation sessions are bein~ 
planned for next year's panel 
members, to help students learn 
about their committees. 

Students turning 18 on or before 
June 8 may register. 

Students who have moved must 
re-register, as must students who 
failed -to vote in November, 1974. 
Students who have changed names 
or occupations must also register. 

Students may register and vote 
at their college as IDng as they live 
there by May 9. They can also 
register at out-of-county 
residences, such as their parents' 
homes, with on-campus registrars. 

To vote in a party primary. 
students must state an affiliation 
with that party when registering to 
vote . 

-providing "a very vital source 
of information for people in-
terested in change ... You can have 
any level of involvement and still 
get something out of student 
representation. " 

Walsh ... 
Redevelopment of loner Core 

The candidates are divided on 
the issue of growth in San Diego . 
Walsh, who calls himself the 
earliest advocate of managed 
growth, favors letting growth go to 
new areas instead of redeveloping 
the downtown area. 

Azhocar, Mattarocci. Hamilton 
and Feeley all favor redevelop-
ment of the city's inner core to 
handle growth. Feeley says he 
feels that the single family 
dwelling might have to be 
restricted in favor of high rise 
apartments. 

Walsh is not predicting an easy 
re-election : " I always have 
problems because I've chosen to 
speak out on the issues. The special 
interests that I've alienated will 
support my opponent. ·Those 

lnformatioD Supply special interests are management, 
Fingerma~ told the Triton Times labor, the building industry and 

why he thinks . studen~s. should some elements of law enforcement 
ap.ply for c.orrumttee posItions. He . who believe they're above the 
said conuruttees are good for : law." 

--supplying information to 
students on what happens in the 
committees ; 

- keeping administrators in 
touch with students, to dispell 
myths they may ' have about 
students; 

-teaching students about the 
animal that is the bureaucracy." 
The panels provide a good training 
ground for learning about the 
bureaucracies that run the United 
States. " It's a microcosm of life, 
with lesser penalities if you fail" ; 
and 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES thfU 

HYPNOSIS 
DICK RAKOW 211-4586 

KIDDIE 
MATINEE 

ANNOlJNCEMENT5 
NEEDED: Fi lmmakers and video 
orlists. Find out fosl abaul Ihe first 
annual sludent film festival 10 I: 
held at Ihe Mandeville Center. For 
more information, conlacl Cam-
mun iCOlions Research Laborolory 
Ihrough M ike Real. 

ATIENTION Third College Seniors: 
The Third College Gradualian 
Commiltee meets every Monday 
and Thursday 014 :30 pm in MC 412 
room 17. Gel involved in Ihe 
plann ing of the spring ceremony. 

C'OP1ES 
3}14 110 
' 2 .11 ••• 
11_0. Z LOCA_ 

., 1101 Y, 1IOtICII" IJ4.1aU 
11" ~&ft. .'''j~ 
--

Hayp dlrecl onpUt on legisla tion conc .. mrlQ 
YOUR ec1ucation Con tac t Deans olf,ces , 
Sllidenl Center. Of lobby An x lorfurther 
In'orma llon 

.this saturday. may 1 1 - 2:30pm usn 2722 

Deadline April 30 

• 



......... c...u EIedIIa 
Set; MIlar Petitlea u., 

'lbird College baa set May 17 and 
11 as the date for its collelfi' council 
election. ApplicationH for 
nomination are due May 7, and 
must be supported by four Third 
students" and one faculty member. 
This year's council will then select 
nominations by May , 10 for the 
election. 

Nominating petitions for the 
Muir College Council elections are 
due today, in the Muir dean's 
Office. 

Scbultz to Speak 
te Staff AssociatioD 

Academic Senate president 
Sheldon Schultz will speak to the 
UC San Diego Staff Association 
luncheon today at noon in the 
Mandeville Center's Recital Hall. 

Schultz said Wednesday that he 
plans to informally discuss the 
workings of the senate and to 
entertain questions from the 
association, 

In addition to Schultz' address, 
the association will discuss 
nominations to next year's board. ' 

Flea Market Scheduled 
for Saturday 

Have something to sell? Need to 
make some money? 

The Third College Resident 
Dean's office is sponsoring a flea 
market tomorrow afternoon from 1 
to 5 at the Third snack bar. 
Potential vendors should register 
at the Third Resident Dean's of-
fice. 

Any item, other than food, may 
be sold. 

Inmate Education Program 
Needs Volunteers 

The San Diego county jail needs 
volWlteer tutors to run a computer 
educational program for its in-
mates. 

The Graduate Educational 
Development program uses 

Dr. H a rry Suhl 
computers to teach county jail 
inmates basic English , 
mathematics and science . 
Qualified persons are needed to 

~sist Inmates with the program 
during the work week. 

Interested persons should send a 
letter stating their desire to help 
and their qualifica t ions to 
Correctional Counselor County 

SCIENCE 
OF MtND 

come and h(~ar 
Dr. John Wight, D.O. 

on 

'What powers 

do you have?' 

This SundaylO:450m: 
715 Silverado 

La Jolla 

Jail; PO Bea 2991; San Diego, CAo 
92101. . 

vaD Pnfeuon Named to 
Natlo_1 Aeadeaay el8cleaee 

Two VC' San Diego faculty 
members have been elected to 
membership in the National 
Academy of Sciences, considered 
one of the highest honors that can 

Dr. Warren L. Butler 

be bestowed on any American 
scientist. 

Biology professor Warren 
Butler, chairman of that depart-
ment, and physics professor Harry 
Suhl have brought UCSD's total 
academy membership to 47. 

They were elected-as part of a 
new group 0175 members, bringing 
the academy's total membership 
to about l1~at the academy's 
H3th annual meeting in 
Washington DC Tuesday. 

Chartered by President 
Abraham Lincoln, the academy is 
an independent group that advises 
the federal government on 
scientific and technicafmatters. 

ANNOVNCEMENTS 

The M ui r-Dartmouth Exchange 
Program has recently been ex· 
panded to include Fall Quarter. 
A ny in terested students should 
contact the M uir Prollost Office for 
furth er information , The deadline 
for f iling on ~plication is April 30. 

Helicon, UCSD Poe try journal is 
now occepting original poems from 
students , faculty and stoff for i ts 
spr ing 1976 issue. Include your 
nome. address, phone number and 
associat ion w i th campus. Send to 
Campus M o il Code COOS c/ o Poetry 
Journal. 

.rhf ... I~_ FrIIIaf, ApriI.,1f7I 
Klnsky ••• ,Low 1I0WI. • • 
fl Democratic senatorial candidate Tom Hayden. 
But while she agrees with Hayden on thole luu. 
and the question of civil liberties (she believe. 
government should not interfere with the personal 
lives of citizens and she has called for an end to 
prosecution of victimless crimes and the 
harrassment of gays), she disagrees with Hayden 
on economics. 

" He sees no problems with making government 
bigger. My view is that government is now taking 
everything it wants and everything the people have. 
So many of the abuses of big business have come 
about because government encourages business 
through special favors," said Kinsky. 

Her association with the Hayden campaign wl\1 
continue when she debates him in Santa Barbara on 
May 17. Her faculty advisor (she is a graduate 
student at UC Santa Barbara) is the Hayden 
campaign coordinator for San~ Barbara County. 

Other parts of Klnsky's program include abolish-
ment of the Internal Revenue Service (which she 
calls "a bunch of fascists"), the FBI and the CIA. 

99,000 Signatures 
She criticized the incwnbent John Tunney, saying 

he has a lack of principle and is a complete 
pragmatist when it comes to politics. "He'll do what 
he must to get re-elected, II she said. 

She thinks Republicans are not much better. 
A change in the election laws has made it possible 

to run as an independent candidate much easier 
than it has been in the past. Gov. Brown recently 
signed a law which would put a candidate on the 
ballot with 99,0000 signatures gathered in a 6O-day 
period. 

Kinsky said that the Libertarians will be cir-
culating petitions to have her and Libertarian 
presidential nominee Roger MacBride placed on the 
ballot as independents. It still is very difficult for 
the Libertarian party to get on the ballot in 
California, though they expect to be on the ballot in 
30-38 states for the November election. 

"I don't think I stand a chance of winning, but I 
think I can influence the election," said Kinsky. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

a1m0lt unanimoua in declaring MAdison to have been 
oflitUe use as a war presidenlln fact, Jobn Calhoun 
of Soutb Carolina wrote abo~ him, "Our President, 
though a man of amiable rnanoen and great talents, 
baa not, I fear, those conunanding talents which are 
necessary to control those about bim." 

Calhoun, it should be noted, waa one of the 
Congressionalloudmouthl who got the United Stales 
involved in the fracas in the first place. 

The War of 1812, disregarding the cases for or 
against declaring, surely must go down as one of the 
most poorly conducted wars in history. 

First of all the war's leader, Madison, even in his 
brightest of moments, was still among the most dull 
and visionless of men. Second, the United States was 
cursed with field commanders without peer in the 
murky realm of abysmal stupldity. 

Thirdly, it was a bad year for champagne. 
The war began on a stupid note: Congress voted for 

war by a small majority on June 18, 1812; England 
raised a blockade against American ships on June 16, 
but the news didn't reach Congress in time. 

Congress also voted to raise 25,000 regulars, SO,OOO 
volunteers and 100,000 militia. The militia later 
became a problem in the war because if there were 
times when the militia agreed to fight with the 
regulars, there were times when the regulars refused 
to fight with the militia. 

Coupled with the intention of forcing the im-
pressment of naturalized American seamen down the 
English throat was the desire to take Canada. The 
war in the north proceeded along those lines, the 
major attacks occurring at Detroit, in the west; 
Niagra, in the center; and Montreal in the northeast. 

The land war didn't go very well until the last part 
of the war. For example, American General William 
Hull, scheduled to attack from Detroit, surrendered 
the city two months after the declaration of war. This 
was nota good augury. 

Two months after that, in October, a small 
American force by sheer force of will crossed the 
Niagra River and successfully stormed Queenston 

CODtinued OD Page 8 

(!P!B 9dmj. 
FrIday, April 30 A Book Sale will be held th is 

Saturday and Sunday from 10-4 pm 
onthe entrance walk to the Central 
University library, UCSD, Many 
books in 0 var iety of sub ject fields 
will be sold at bargain prices, The 
sol e is sponsored by the Friends of 
the UCSD Library. The proceeds 
fro m the sole w il l be used to buy 
much needed books fo r the UCSD 
librar ies' co llection, 

6:30: The Prisoner 

Are you interested in doing 
lIolunteer w o rk? The Student 
Volunteer Program has listi ngs wi th 
compiete descriptions o f volunteer 
placement poss ibiliti es throughout 
the Son Diego area , Student 
volunteers are need ed in suc h 
oreas as tu toring , recreation, 

counseling and health-related 
a r eas , Usually, t he o nly 
requirement IS a sincere interest 
and a desi re to help others , For 

more information come 10 the 
Student Center North , Student 
Organizations Office or call ex t. 
46 17 . 

7:30 
& 

10:,00 

warren bealty , 
julie christie· goldie hawn ,ii" 
. ~l""-~ '00 " 

'~W{l~ 
lee grant. jack warden -Iony bill 

_ ........ IItw _ _ _____ ......., _ _ .. ,EMr4.,.... __ ...... .... 
_ .. --.-___ , _ ...... ~ I_c-......r.t_ " ..... Y" .... ~""--

IRI ", I~S'IICTI~_~I 

6:30: The Prisoner 

7=;'0 'Spider Stratagem' imjm;b:::*mWitb1f~~~j~:1~;@4jm1l\gitjU&jiDi 
Physics, Math, Chemistry 

•••••• ****** 
and Engineering Majors 

four current films followed by a discussion with their makers The Navy's Nuclear Power program is 
seeking a limited number of highly 

qualified instructors 
May 6 RAYMOND ST. JACQUES & The Book of Numbers 
8 pm, CR 107 

May 13 CHRISTOPHER ST. JOHN & Top of the Heap 
8 pm, CR 107 

May 20 BROCK PETERS & Five on the Black Hand Side 
8 pm, CR 107 

May 26 MAX JULIEN & Thomasine & Bushrod 
8 pm, Mandeville Auditorium 

Besides teaching extremely qualified and 
motivated students, you will be a 

commissioned officer in the Navy earning 
Good Pay and Lots of Benefits. You will be 

stationed at the Navy's Nuclear Power 
Training School in Orlando, Florida 

for four years. 
••••••••••• If Interested,*********** * 
Call Your Local Navy Recruiter At 

293-6444 

FrIday, AprU., 1J7t Pagei 

Leslie Kienholz: Concert Scene 
Visual Lyricism and Violence Doobies, Tim Weisberg 

byJ. Vltm. undeniably potent, coming off like 
a gun-packing Cosmopolitan. Like 
the work of British painter Francis 
Bacon, Kienholz adds a touch of 
her own personal mysticism 

cutting through the foam and frOth 
of modem figurative painting. 

Showing at the Humanities 
Library Student Gallery until 
Friday Noon t05:00 p.m. 

To Appear Here In Concert Leslie Kienholz' "Self-Portraits-
A Year's Works" represents one of 
the best individual exhibits that the 
Visual Arts Graduate Program has 
to offer. DIsplaying sixteen works 
on paper and canvas, she offers a 
journal painted wilh visual 
lyricism, 'violence, and unflinching 
personal confrontations. 

While exploiting her obvious 
familiarity with painter's tools, 
Kienholz operates well in 
manipulating space. She does it 
probing a series of personal 
profiles with an intuitive sense of 
handling surface, managing a 
formalist concept of space, and 
employing the action of tasteful 
brushwork. 

Rock Guitarist Tommy Bolin-
More Than Just "Cosmetics" 

The San Diego area will be 
graced by tiJe presence of some 
fine bands during the first two 
weeks in May. 

The Doobie Brothers will be 
headlining a concert aUhe Sports 
Arena Thursday, May 6. The past 
few years has seen the Doobie 

Ralphs, will be at the Los Angeles 
Forum Sunday, May 16. Since the 
band's inception in 1974, Bad 
Company has been a success. The 
group record sales from the Bad 
Company, Straigbt Shooter and 
Run With The Pack albums have 
been consistently on the top of the 
charts. Tim Mackeozle 

CrlUcism editor 
From the moment Tonuny Bolin 

first stepped onto the stage of the 
La Paloma Theatre, i was evident 

Kienholz gives you a look inside, 
rendering the intricacies and 
idiosyncrasies of a personality, 
modeling her figures with earth 
colors and orchestrating other 
color so caustic as to add a heavy 
flavor of bitter-sweetnes. ... 

"The Ballerina" series is an 
exploration that moves her 
striding across space, the black 
ground of her pieces providing a 
void in which they constantly leal' -
off metaphorically. She renders 
passages with freshness and 
unrestraint - the work of an artist 
who can operate at full flow. 

"The Three Maidens" seems to 
be periodic examination of a 
feminine image, critical, yet often 

KCBQ presents 

SAN DIEGO 
srolft'I AIIXA 

April 27-May 2 , 

Tommy Bolin 

IRT BLIIEY I THE JIZZ' MEIIEIIEII 
Saturday &: Sunday May 1-2 

8ILlcon-•• 1 I 
BRill JICIIOI liD TIlE .,DIITE II •. 

Show times 9 &: 11 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
DINNER SHOW INCIAL .. .l1li...-

includes compl.~ dinner. choice of 4 Intr.l, Idmllslon 
pricl. tlX .rid ,r.tuity. Cell for r_",.tlonl. 

NO RESERVATION NEEDED. T,cklll on .. II upqn Intrlnel. 
You mult be 2' Y"" of IIgI or older. Proper ldentiflntion required . 

... MI ... ON .aU LEVA ItO. IAN 0.100 ...... ,., 

that lie is a perfect example of the 
consummate rock guitarist. 

Bolin looks every bit the part, 
from his long hair and earring 
right down to the snakl!skin boots. 

But there is more to him than 
just " cosmetics." At the age of 24, 
Bolin has already vaulted the 
ranks of electric guitar masters. In 
the mid-swnmer of 1975, a year 
after his departure from the James 
Gang, Bolin was tapped by Deep 
Purple to fill the role of lead 
guitarist in the band, replacing 9-
year original member Ritchie 
Blackmore. ' 

"Funny thing was I didn't want 
to be in an English band," says 
Bolin. " Most of the ones I'd heard 

wer~ very structured, some of 
them practically telling the same 
jokes on stage each night." 

But he adds, " it's a very com-
fortable situation. Before, I got the 
impression it was really Ritchie 
Blackmore's band. Glenn Hughes 
wasn't even allowed on his side of 
the stage. But now it feels more 
like a band and I can go and get my 
cookies off whenever I want to. " 

Bolin and his band had a very 
successful world premiere at the 
La Paloma Theatre Wednesday 
night. 

Most (,If the music performed 
came from his solo album Teaser. 
The best selections included the 
title track, "Marching Powder" 
and the finale " Homeward Strut." 

Bolin's guitar work and his 
surprisingly effective vocals were 
the key to the performance. But 
Bolin did not deliberately dominate 
the stage, deciding instead to allow 

Continued on Page 8 

Brothers rise from obscurity to 
worldwide attention. They are now 
recognized as one of the top con-
cert attractions on the music scene 
today. 

Tim Weisberg , flautist ex-
traordinaire, will be at the UCSD 
Gym May 8. 

Gil Scott-Heron & Brian Jackson 

Doobie Brothers 
The Doobie Brothers tour coin-

cides with the release of their 
newest LP Take It To The Streets. 

Also appearing on the bill with 
the Doobies will be the Memphis 
Horns and a fine new band from 
San Francisco, Pablo Cruise. 

England ' s Bad Company , 
featuring Paul Rodgers and Mick 

and the Midnight Band will be 
appearing at the Catamaran Hotel 
this weekend. 

The L.A. Jets open their West 
Coast tour at the Bacchanal on 
Tuesday May 4. The engagement 
runs through May 6. Their debut 
album on RCA is appropriately 
entitled L.A. Jets. 

ruc ~an :Diego C~mpuj. P'l.ogtam 23oa'l.d 
Ii 't.E.j.E.n tj. 

. IN CONCERT 

\ # 

TIM WEISBERG 
-Flute-

modern, melodic and original 

FREE WEI BERG TICKETS ARE WAITING FOR YOU: 
James Casso, Marguerite Au em , Frank Gomez u an Wiu, 

May 8, 8:30 pm 
UCSDGym 

& Rebb c a Fallonl 

$3 all UCSD Box office 
452-4090, 452-4559 



,I 

• rI ...... IIII('S Friday, April 31, 1171 
Accreditation. • .\ 
Accreditation at one poipt, ex-
plained the process of ~ir: an 
institution accreditation. 

" COIIIIIIIIef ProtectioD Ag cy" 
The accreditation c If.·ttee 

makes an evaluation f the 
university by checking t what 
extent the university is liv ~ up to 
its promises to the public re-
garding its academic standards 
and other facilities, said Lee. 

bear on problems at UCSD, but it 
has no authority over the system as 
a whole, nor can it force the 
university to submit the report to 
personnel outside of the institution, 
explained Lee. 

I T RiYON TiMES, ClAssifiEd Ads 1 

The committee serves as a 
" Consumer Protection Agency" in 
a way, Rotenberg said. 

Lee pointed out that the situation 
at UCSD was unusual, if not 
unique, due to its complex college 
and departmental structure. He 
said that a concern of the team was 
whether students " feel at home" at 
their college of registration. 

After the report is put together 
from committee members the 
separate evaluations of different 
aspects of the university, the 
factual and interpretive portions 
are sent back to UCSD for review 
to check for any factual mistakes. 

The report is then forwarded 
with the acCreditation committee's 
confidential recommendations to 
the WASC for the final judgement 
concerning a~creditation . 

The maximum accreditation is 
ten years. Five years, however, is ' 
a good span for accreditation, 
according to Lee. " Great in-
stitutions are sometimes visited 
more often," he noted: 

Another alternative is a ten-year 
accreditation with a mini-visit of a 
committee (three rather than 

twelv~ members) after five years. 
Besides these visits, member 

schools send annual reports to the 
association . 

The decision on accreditation is 
expected to come out by the end of 
June. Without this accreditation 
UCSD would not receive federal 
funds . Undergraduates would also 
not be accepted at many graduate 
schools, said Gilman. 

No Authority Over System 
An evaluation committee 

"cannot be used by anybody who 
wants legislation," said Gilman, 
pointing out some of the strengths 
end weaknesses of the a c-
creditation process. 

The committee is able to com-
ment on UC-wide difficulties which 

But sometimes the report is 
written slanted toward the cam-
pus, trustees or even the state 
legislature, . admitted Lee. He 
suggested that problems which 
reflect on the evaluation that are 
from an outside source will usually 
be channeled to that source. 

If the institution gives parts of 
the report to the press, however, it 
must give all of the report and not 
just the good points brought up, he 
said. 

Lee feels that accreditation 
should not be given for a period 
longer than ten years. He said that 
changes are occuring very rapidly 
in major institutions and this 
necessitates frequent visits. 

In regards to the 1973 visit of an 
evaluation team, Lee said he un-
derstood UCSD's problem, Many 
universities, he said, have changes 
in personnel (sometimes as late as 
a week before the team's visit), 
and this was UCSD's situation in 
1973, The report made by that team 
will be taken in account while the 
1976 report is being written up. 

ANNOlJNCEMENTS 
Bockga m m on sha rks uni te for the 
M uir Backgammon TO!J rnament, 
W ednesda y, May 5 01 7:30 p m in 
the M uir 5 & D i m e. Sign up by A pril 
30 in Ihe M u:.r Resident Dean 's 
Office. If you can l o an a 
backgammon bo a rd for t h e 

tournamen~ please call Scott before 
M.oy 1 01 453-6768. There will be 
prizes. 

Atlenlion : special one- time o p -
por tunily to lea rn t he lie-dye a n d 
batik art s. This Saturda y , NIoy 1, t h e 
UC Center for Contem p orary Crofts 
will lead a studio/ work shop with 
instruction in the technical a n d 
oesthetic aspects of the art of t ie 
dye and batik. The slud io fee is $3, 
which includes all d ye m aleria ls . 
Bring your own ilems for dyeing . 
The workshop w ill b e from 10-2 
pm. Regisler at the craffs ce n ter 
pr io r to the closs. Remoining 
spaces will be on a first come first 
serve basis. 

fOR SAlE 
Armstrong flule $165 , excellent pads and 
edjus tment. Jim 436·5317. (4/30) 
Bundy baritone sax. New condition . Stand 
Included . Call 755..s.t'7 . (4130) 
STRATOCASTER, Fender in exi t. condi tion, 
w/case. Asking $250. ASk for Oave 481-<1;02. 
evenings. (4/30) 
Yamaha 100-A classical guitar, hard-shell 
case included. bOth excellen t condition, 
St30. 453-0243. (4 /30) 

!'legistered Great Dane Brindle puppy papers 
available free to kind , loving home 462-0t57. 
(4/30) 

Panasonic AM-FlvI car slereo . flawless 
condition . super sound, $50. 453-0243. 
(4130) 

Backpacking tenl 5 Ibs. Vestibule . fly , 
bathtub · fioor . $120 new. used twice $85. 
Eves . 453-7489. (4(30) 

73 Mazda RX2 44,000 ml. e • . cond o $2000 
Double bed $40. Flute S50. 481 -0265. (517) 

10-Speed S55. T""k collee lable S150. 6 
pieces. SOlid, Irom Copenhagen 453-8427 . 
(5/3) 

H Pinto wagon , xlnt mech condo very clean 
23.000 mI.. radials roof rack . $2350 Argo 621. 
452,9537 . (4/30) 

71 Honda 175 10000 miles xlnt shape 481 · 
0538 John $400 BSR equalizer few model , 
make offer. (SIS) 

WANTEd 
Need good used in ternal Irame back-
pack- cali Margaret after 4:30 at 273-3720. 
(5/3) 
Dog needs loyal person . Song , yr old 
energetic mannered lo.ing male mutt . FREE l 
755· t 334 or 459-9065. (4 I 30) 

TRAVEl 
Europe-Isreal-South America·Studenl flight s 
year round ISCA 11687 San Vicen te Blvd U 
LA CA 90049.1213) 826-5669. (6 /4) 

Oon't Delay Book by Phone New Flights 10 
Europe (379+) South America (315+) the 
Orrent (499+) New York (189) Hawaii (189) 
Long 01 w Ilights stil l available immedlale 
phone confirmations call collect WeslCoast 
Student Travel Counsel AVCO Center 10050 
Wilshire LA 90024 213475-6885. (6/,4 ) 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY. CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SE RVICES. UCSO IN· 
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
'2·4pm. A52.Q630. (6/3) 

6 professional athletes have opened a stote for YOU! 

(J) 

Gl 
o 
r 
It 

JOE BEAUCHAMP DAN FOUTS 

GARY GARRISON BOBBY HOWAR 0 

DOUG WILKERSON 
·DENNJS PARTEE 

Grand : 
Sal .. Mew 1 

Complete Li ne of 
Adidas Products 

FREE ADIDAS VISORS 
WITH PURCHASE 

8042 Clairemont Mesa Boulevard 292·0064. 
r Between 805 and 1631 

ItOlJSiNG 
F roomie needed to Share hOuse with at least 
3 other mellow feminist women for summer. 
Call 488·9994 eve, (5 (5) 
F roommale wanted. Own room $1 t SImonth 
House 2 blocks from beach La Jolta quiet. 
Call eves 459-4852. (4 /30) 
Room available In Del Mar. Sun deck. garage , 
own room, furnil ure In main areas of house. 
Ocean view $125 rent lslgn lease. Talk to 
Louise or Martha. (4130) 
4-5 people needed lor summer, 4-bedroom 
h:-use in Rancho Santa Fe _. pool , pool table; 
St08/ mo. for5 . 756-2826. (4 / 30) 

3 br. 2 ba. Playmar La Jolla townhOuse , avail. • 
June 15. part fu m .. patio . pool 454-1441 
(4/30) 

Roommale wanted at University City house . 
Own room 85 + utilities call 453-9349 afier 6 
pm. (41301 
Del Mar studio with ocean view available May 
7 thru Sept. 6 $145 per mo. ul lll t ies Inc. 755-
73584 mo. only (517) 

Townhouse available for summer. Jacuzzi , 
sauna, pool, ree . rm , near beach , 2~bd rm . 
5350/mo. 755-1716 after 6. (513) 

Roommates needed 20 minutes from UCSD 
in W. Clairemont c lose to P.B. Must like 
dogs . O'wn bedroom $96.25. call 270-4650 
Keep trying!! House has fantastic view of 
beach area. Available May 8th . (5/3) 

Female roommate own room house wi th 2 '/2 
block from beach now 1111 June 20 $tOO a 
monlh 48&9758. (4130) 

Couple needs room + kitchen near UCSD for 
three weeks 426-1841, 14(30) • 

Female roommate needed . now to share my 
Del Mar apt. Call 755-9471 , Claud ia . (517) 

Roommate needed: for 2 bdr. apt. in Del Mar. 
Available now. Must be clean and congenial 
$112 .50 + uti!s. 755-3361. (4/30) 

F roommate to share 3 bdrm-1 ba house 10 
ml from UCSD own room patio yard S90/ mo 
+ 'h utii. Robyn 271-1317 , X3695. (515) 

Your own room in La Jolla Village apts. $110 
a month 453-931 5 eves . (4130) 

Roommates needed to share house in De l 
Mar-J une to Sept. $400 rent inc ludes utilities 
& gardner. Prefer couples·4 spaces . 755·5720 
- Joan · """S. (513) 

3 br . 2 ba. Play mare La Jolla townhOuse , 
avail. June 15. part lurn . pajio , pool 454-
1449 . (517) 

$50 REWARD. Find us N. County cottage we 
rent (to S225) . Responsible couple. No 
klds/pets. 7~5-0657 . 15 /3) 

• SBlVlCE5 
Creallve playtime lor 2-5 year aids. Play & art 
room olfers creative learning and free e. · 
pres'slon 9-5 Mon .·Fri. Call Kalhl 436-91 t 7. 
(licensed Day Care) (4/30) 
Bookfalr May 8 In front 01 Gallfornla First 
Bank In downlown La Jolla . Hundreds of 
Ine.penslve bQOl(s to benefit kidney foun· 
dation . (5/8) .. 
Summer work! Been looking? Try something 
oul of the ordinary and pays well 459- 4396 , 
(4/30) 
Know hOW to pla~ bass? Teach me '!<' I ~". 
100 . would love to learn to play . Will 
payl trade John 131 E. 5th National City (513) 
HIS &. HERS halrslyllng -halr cui . shampoo & 
blow dry St5. With studenl card'· $8. The 
Hairstylists 7463 Girard Sl. (behind Shirt· 
tails) 459-8229. (51 t 4) 
PlANT LOVERS we work with evergreen and 
deciduous t rees and shrubs. We do or· 
namental pruning. lacing, and topping . We 
level 01 cut back banks. remove rocks . We dig 
IlOles for tree planting as well as weed 
clearing and cu lt ivat ing for gardens. We also 
remove trees and stu mps. Call Arnie 277. 
3520. (5/12) 
Typist. IB M term paper. thesis . dissertation, 
etc . editing. rush lobs , xerox 560-8171 451· 
1588. (6/3) 
Prof. thesis typing. Quality work. great at 
charts & tables . Have elec t roniC , 
engineering, Greek symbols. Located In 
Mission V all ey. Don't wai t to reserve time for 
your typing . Calt linda . 28().3343. (4 /30) 
Editing an d typing . Ru sh ' jobs accepted . 
Term papers, thesis , whal ever. Ca ll Connie 
566·3475 , 566·2665 . (5/7) 

. Professionat wrlling, editing . Papers, 
research. typing , resumes , etc. Charles 436-
5697 . (4/30) 

N.P N.L. 
Happy 21 st . Virg 

Love, Sis (413O) 
Aunt Turkey-

Happy Birthday! 
Love. 

Your Girls (4130) 
p. I hOpe your 21 st makes all the o ther 20 
worth Ihe wait . Happy Birthdayl As I am , Or. 
AGN (4 /30 ) 
Blrlhdays are lor re f lecti ng of the past , 
presen t , and luIure. 21 is a great one to 
share. (4 /30) 
To secret admlrer- Wttadd ya mean stop?!?1 
Ifs too much lun this way. I'll be hearing 
from you- Admiree (4 / 30 ) 
BJ Honeycu tt ' They hymn puppy love and DC 
sings I th ink I love yo u. Actually I lhink he Is 
right·Toes (4 /~) 
Be Par-Fooled around and fell In puppy 
love behind closed doors? No but hum a few 
bars and _ 'II try It! (4 /30 ) 
To my Zi t : I love you so much I wish you can 
try and bear with me I've gol a 101 on my 
mind. Litt Ie Zit (4130) 

.&7 ••• 
liT Mit 1 I •• 
LI J8LLI r.llil 

BAR·S-QUE • 1.58 
BEE.F 
POTATO SALAD 

BE.ANS 
ROU.s 

HA YRIIIE ON THE BEA H· 
I>INNER • SQ UARE !)ANCING • fUN 
ENTERTAINM ENT PROVIDE!) BY 
" AM RICAN FOLK" SOCIETY" 

Friday, April., 1971 

2 Aces Up UCSD's Sleeve 
Is Lofgren a Doctor? Wiederholt Too Small? . 

by Dave ElseD 
Sports Editor 

Bob Lofgren can't help but play the role of the 
reluctant hero. 

The 6'1" 170-po\Dld senior is perhaps the most 
soft-spoken, unassuming athlete on the UC San 
Diego campus. . 

He is also one of the most successful, putting 
together impressive credentials for four straight 
years. This season he is leading, along with a few 
others, the Triton baseball team to a possible 
playoff season. 

Bob Lofgren (TT photo: Bill Brooks) 

by Scott Sadil 
Assistant Sports Editor 

You can bet I'd be wary about letting Jeff 
Wiederholt pitch for MY baseball team. 

He needs glasses. He is a chemistry major. He 
stands less than six feet tall and is about as heavy as 
a fully clothed welterweight, Worst of all, he can't 
throw very hard. 

A lot of other people agree with me. Wiederholt 
tried out for an American Legion team one summer 
and was promptly sent to the showers, Pro scouts 
show up at his games as often as there is a REAL 
prospect in the other team's lineup. Even UC San 
Diego coach Lyle Olsen didn't start looking for a 
place to pile the championship trophies when Jeff 
cut loose with his first 58 MPH fastball. 

But that just shows you what the experts know. 
This season Wiederholt has allowed just under 

two runs for every nine innings he has pitched. He 
has won four out of his last five starts, getting no 
decision in the other appearance after pitching 
eight innings of one-run, four-hit ball. And, com· 
bining with his mound partner, Bob Lofgren, 
Wiederholt has helped pitch UCSD to within striking 
distance of a rare playoff berth, 

What Wiederholt lacks in physical pitching 
prowess he more than makes up for with excellent 
control, an assortment of pitches that duck the 
moment a bat gets near them and a tireless right 
arm. He's a pitcher, not a thrower. " I 'm not big and 
I can't throw the ball through a brick wall," 
Wiederholt exphiins. " All my pitches sink so I just 
try and keep t.he ball down and make the other team 
hit it on the ground." . 

If Wiederholt does not have a good infield behind 
him, or if his pitches climb into the upper half of the 
strike zone, he can easily end up as the center pole 

THESTATS 
W L ERA Streak 

LOFGREN 4 2 
WIEDERHOLT. 5 4 
It doesn't seem to have a great effect on Lofgren 

however. You see,like so many others at UCSD, he 
would like to practice medicine, not throw 
baseballs. 

" I play the game for fun, " says the man who has 
raised the eyebrows of more than one scout this 
season. 

Given the hypothetical choice of playing 
professional baseball or going to medical school, 
Lofgren picks "medical school-no question, 
Medicine is something I could deal with for a 
lifetime, and there are so many fields." The senior 
has his sights on the University of Chicago medical 
school. 

On the mound, Lofgren has had little trouble. He 
began as the team's number two man as a fresh-
man- behind the now· professional Randy 
Miller- and has never had a losing season, It didn't 
take Lofgren long to attain his present position-ace _ 
ofthe staff. 

This season, one in which the Tritons now stand 
one game from playoff territory, Lofgren has 
posted a nearly non-existent earned run average of 
0.89. His pitching, the throwing of Jeff Wiederholt 
and the play of a few others have carried the team, 

Lofgren is quick to point out, though, "It's the 
little plays of the other guys, fielding the hard ground 
ball, getting the big hit, that make me a winner 
instead of a loser." 

Speedier than most UCSD pitchers, Lofgren uses 
a fastball, knuckle-curve and change-up as his 
repertoire, throwin~ the first two pitches most 
often. " I'll use the hard' sidearm fastball as a 
strikeout pitch, while the knuckle-curve keeps the 
hitters off balance." 

Lofgren credits his almost dominating success 
this year to some new-fotmd strength. 

I'm in better shape now than I've ever been. I 
worked out a lot in the pre-season, so I'm stronger, 
and I have more control of my curve than I've ever 
had." 

ruc .san r:DiLfJD 
Campw. P't09tam 

!Boau1ll'lu~nt~ 

0.89 3 out of 4 
2.10 4 straight 

of a run-scoring merry·go-round, But with the 
support this. season from a tight Triton infield, 
Wiederholt's pitching style has proven to be very 
successful. 

Like any other red-blooded American baseball 
player, Wiederholt entertains fantasie.c; of playing in 
the major leagues. But he realizes that his size 
alone most baseball people from seriously 

Jeff iederholt ITT photo: Bill Brooks) 
He remembers that when he first came to UCSD 

" it took me a while to convince Lyle ~Olsen ) that I 
could make it, because of my size." Wiederholt 
knows that his only chance for the big leagues would 
be as a relief pitcher. He is not holding his breath, 

Continued on Page 8 

ROD RODGERS DANCE CO. 
" ... Beautifull" New York Times 

" ... worth going out of your way forI" Dance Magazine 
May 15, 8:30pm Mandeville Auditorium 

St $3, G.A. $4.50 UCSD Box Office 
452-4559 

Page 7 

Triton BB Scores 
, -

·Last-Minute Victory 
The UC San Diego baseball team 

ran its hopes for a pla yoff berth to 
the precipice last Tuesday af-
ternoon, but the eleventh hour 
hitting of Doug Youngdale and Joel 
Smith kept the Tritons in the thick 
of the fight for postseason com· 
petition. 

with men on base had stoOPed the 
numerous UCSD ralItes that had 
put Tritons on base in every 
previous fram e of the contest. 

With just five games. left in the 
regular season and UCSD one 
gSlme out of second place, the 
Tritons had to come from behind to 
defeat Southern California College 
2-1 in ten innings to remain in 
contention for a spot in the 
playoffs. 

Despite eight strong innings of 
four-hit p itching by Jeff 
Wiederholt, the Tritons found 
themselves trailing 1~ as they 
entered the home half of the ninth 
in the SCC game. Shady 
baserunning and an inability to hit 

But with two outs gone in the last 
inning, and two strikes in the 
count, Youngdale slapped a single 
up the middle, scoring J im Dixon 
from second and keeping the 
Tritons in the game and the playoff 
picture, 

In the tenth inning Gary Patton 
singled, advanced to second and 
third on two wild pitches, then 
scored on Smith's gam e-winning 
double over the drawn in SCC 
outfield. 

Pitcher Steve Robertson picked 
up the victory for the Tritons, 
throwing two perfect innings in 
relief of Wiederholt. 

Ice Fires, Bats Lead 
Intramural Softball 

Chap Clark's Ice F ires and Dan Monteverde's Old Bats and Softballs 
top the UPI men's and coed softball polls, as the intramural leagues hit 
the mid-points in their spring seasons. 

According to the rec department listings, Alligators are rated second 
with defending men's champs, the Ramblers, third. Finishing off the top 
ten in m en's play are The End of Bonzo, Schwabby Vees, Dudly Sports, 
Royal Hippodrome, Ben Schmata , Ruben and the Jets, and Dreamers 
Creamers II. 

In coed play, Hollywood Swingers, Frogs, El Chunko, Terrible Ten, 
Mithandril, Lagnaf, Toasters, Stingers and Renobs are ranked second 
through tenth. All ranked teams, men's and coed, are undefeated in three 
games this season, 

J ust six teams r emain undefeated in 3-on..J basketball. A-Holes, 4 Tops, 
Unknowns, Schwabby V and Human Spring are 1Hl, while Therma l 
Energy is at 4~. Two women's 3-on..J tea ms, Snuffers and C & G's, are at 
1Hl, 

Body Checks now top the lone coed floor hockey league, while Bags a nd 
Moist lead the men's leagues. 

In the two-league soccer competition, Phreds and the Losers lead, and 
both are undefeated. A tremendous total of twelve teams have yet to lose 
in coed waterpolo, including Wet 'n Slippery, PoIywogs, Licor ice 
Doughnut , Tig Bits, Tubular Necrosis, Watter Buffaloes, Sea Deucers, 
Gafillta Fish, Boobs and Tubes, Slippery When Wet and Sensuous Squirts. 

Peanut Butter, I owa and Nayaton lead the A Division coed volleyball 
leagues, while Pa th Beater, My Friend Kenny and Flying Crab Lice lead 
the other leagues, 

ANNO· .CEMENT 
Nomination forms are nO l 
available in the Dean's office for 
students i nterested in becoming 
members of the Th ird College 
Council. - The council is 0 
mechanism of communication 
belween lhe Provost, sludent body. 
faculty and stoff of Third College. 

The role of the student members of 
Ihe counCil in th is i nterre lalionship 
is 10 ocl os a liaison between the 
sludent popu lace of the college 
and the admlnislralion . There are 
Sl)( pos itions to be filled. The 
deadl ine for f i ling an applicallon is 
Friday , M oy 7 . 

,present this coupon with your meal at the 
unique SpIce Rack " Garden " Restaurant in Pacific 
Beac h and you' lI get rol led . Free. Take home half a 
dozen o f the tastiest home·made rolls or muffins 
you 've ever mel . This offer is good on Mondays thru 
Thursda ys ~ 
YOU'RE GONNA LIKE THE eJ~ ~ .. 

flo GAAOEN ~ST~T • 

Mission Blvd. near Grand in Paci f ic Beach 
oHer good only 5 pm·IO pm, expires May 31 st. 11 

' ---'n,Th,rd Colf.g, G,.du.hon Comm"' .. ---------, 
uwkom#s all i"'e,."",d 

3rd COLLEGE GRADUATING SENIORS 

herr Mond .. ,. .. nd Thursd .. " .at . :lOpm, Conf. nn 17, M.C . • 12 

F""I out w,,,,, '~ pfatlMd for G,gdURtIOflt ' 
Who" Ih. guts' ,p,.kerl 

WhAt About CRPS and gowns, ,nv ltAtlons. pr.gn 'rn.s 1 
Wh,," i1 tht r#r~"o" ? 

WMrr IS tI" Gradl.Ud'On beln h~ld? 

Why don' t you know ,he answers 
10 th es questions? 

Any gmd",,,ttng Utllor ""-:~ wrr t. If S mmllr, ,pHd, tma pt'W#tft 
"'0 rM oIl.~r 0..", o(f,,, . M C 412. "'fo" May 71h if IMY 

Wish to bf. a stuJmt spf!'Qb,. 
Vote for ~ fKult,. ..... , .. ncI "OultUndinl Seriice AW~,.H for 
'.cuff, and It .. n "'''oft. .. ~ .v •• bbhlat tIM! tn. ,. ~fic:-Il' 

"MNO.W_THAI'PlHtNG .. CeoQct till o.n. ...... _ 0..,'" --.. on .1uM 13tll." 



FrIday, AprII_, It7t 
01 pia Bre .. ,ng Companv. Olvmpia. Wash,ngton · OlY ' . Low Blows ... Lake Champlain and New Orleans. All three were repulsed. Bolin ... 

the unch ,n in~ church k~y. jil!!!!8!~ I n a worlJ .... u ~teJ hy chan~~. ((\nsiJ~r On n f;Hct ll Jay in Octoher. ~ 9 1.) . Mac C 
RIN'nfdd r~cl.!i' ·l.' I Patl'nt 
H 1.260, ~21 fur it ~Il'anling 
.. ymphony of Spl'lllg 'otL'L'1. Ihl.' 
church key \\'a~ . seJ hy thrn' 

generation~ (If t!-:ir. ty ((\lIe~in(e 
Oly drinker~ ot until Ihe I",bt-Iup 
was its utility que~tioneJ , although the 
discriminating 1'1 Jrink~r "'ill always 
h'ep one (In hanJ fur la\'- tuhhies ,lI1d 
Old time hotries. 

Th~ Jesign ()( the church key h,lsn 't 
changed hecause it was madL' with skill . 
ingenuity and simplicity. A gn.:al heer . 
Ju(.'sn·t chang~ for many of thc sam~ 

rl'a~ms. I fit 's Jone right going in . you'lI 
h.wc an unchanging 'itandarJ of quality. 
omc things ne"er change . Olympia 

nCI'cr will . 

@rk~@~ 
Beer JO(.osn't ).,~t any hcttcr. 

Heights in Canada. Unfortunately 
for them, the militia relused to 
cross the river with the regulars, 
who were soon outnumbered and 
had to retire to the United States. 

The sea battles went better for 
the United States, though the Navy 
was radically outnumbered. The 
USS Constilution, for instance, 
turned the HMS Guerriere into 
kindling. The USS United States 
left the Macedonian dead in the 
ater off the Azores. And in the 
Battle of Lake Erie, Commodore 
Oliver Perry t09k an entire British 
fleet. 

In 1813, General Dearborn took 
the Canadian city of York and 
razed it to its foundations , 
prompting the British to do a 
similar number on Washington 
D.C. 

By 1814, the British had less to 
worry about in Europe, so it was 
able to devote more effort to the 
American theater. The major 
British thrusts came at Niagra, 

NOW. 

The Battle of New Orleans, as 
most of YOl\ know, was a major 
American victory. It also occurred 
15 days after the signing of the 
Treaty of Ghent, which ended the 
war. Maj. Gen. Andrew Jackson 
commanded the American forces 
that threw back the English of-
fensive there and earned himself a 
place in history by becoming 
President on the strength of it. 

The British, refused New 
Orleans, retreated and took 
Mobile, Ala ., instead. 

The Treaty of Ghent did not 
include a single American war 
aim. Madison (the Bellicose Bozo), 
in fact, removed from the original 
treaty proposal a demand to stop 
the impressment of Americans. 
This staggers the imagination. 

The only thing the treaty did was 
to restore the status quo. It was a 
stupid war and a stupid treaty. The 
most stupid thing about it was the 
American demand for the return of 
Mobile. 

the band as a whole to take the 
spotlight. 

His band consists of Norma Bell 
on sax, Reggie McBride on bass 
Narada Michael Walden on dr~ 
and Mark Stein on keyboards . 

Bolin's excellence as a solo artist 
may force him to make a decision 
between a solo career and Deep 
Purple. At any rate, there were no 
cries from the audience for 
"Smoke On The Water." 

WiederhoH ... 
But there is more to baseball 

than the Dodgers and Yankees, 
just as there is more to piU;hing 
than freight train fastballs and 
three-pitch strikeouts. At the 
moment Wiederholt is most con-
cerned with getting UCSD into the 
playoffs. If someone notices him 
along the way, fine. If not, there is 
always chemistry. 

Complete Scientific 
Hewlett-Packard for $30 

~ ... ___ --..-ility from 
than ever before. 

Think of the HP,25 as 
an electronic slide rule 
you can program com-
pletely. The reason: It 

solves repetitive problems 
easily and quickly. 
Here's how. Switch to PRGM. 

Enter thl! keystrokes you need to solvl; 
your proble'l1 once and then flip the PRGM 
switch to RlJ . That's it. The only thing you 
have to do br each iteration from then on is 
enter your, ariables and press the R/S (Run! 
Stop) keY. It 's that simple. 

The result: Repetitive problems are no 
longer a repetitive problem. 

But that's only part of the HP,25 story. 
Here's more. You can add to, check or edit 
your programs at will. You can also write on ' 
second interruptions into your program in 

case you want to note intermediate answers. 
And because the keycodes of all prefixed 

functions are merged, the 49-step program 
memory can actually store up to 147 key, 
strokes. (How's that for a memory capacity!) 
What's more, you can store numbers in eight 
data registers and perform 72 pre programmed 
functions and operations (logs, trig, mean 
deviations, rectangular, polar conversions, 
summations-you name it). Not to mention 
RPN logic; fixed decimal. scientific and 
engineering notation; and much, much more. 

In fact , if you wanted to know all the 
HP,25 can do for you it would take a book. 
But don't worry, we've already written one -
125 pages' worth - ju t chock full of applica-
tion programs-and problem solutions. Such 
as .Algebra and Number Theory, Numerical 
Methods, Stati tics - even Game . In detail. 

The HP.25s Just $165~ 

And don't forget the best news. The 
price. The HP,25 was an exceptional value at 
$195. Right now it's an out,and,out bar~ain 
at $165~ 

The HP,25. There's never been a calcu, 
lator with this kind of capability at this kind 
of a low price before, with HP's name on it. . 
And you know what that means. Design, 
performance and a back up support system 
you just can't get anywhere else. 

The HP,25 is almost certainly available 
at your college bookstore. If not, call 
800·538·7922. (In Calif. 800-662.9862) 
toll-free to find out the, name of your nearest 
dealer. _ 

HEWLETT II PACKARD 
Dopt 6S8F. 19)tO Pru~"d~ Avenue . Cuprrt,no. CA 9S014. 

Sale. and serVICe from 172 o((,ce. ,n 65 counu ... 
'Suae"ed retl,l prier . •• c1ud'''I"ppltc.ble Slite and loc.1 , .... -

Cont,nentll U .AI .. k. &. H ..... " 6'6/" 


