
( 

voter Education Phase 
-Chavez to speak on Prop. 14 

Cesar Chavez will kick off the 
second part of the campaign to 
pass the Fannworkers Initiative 
today at UC5D. 

Chavez will begin the voter 
education phase of the Prop. 14 
campaign at noon in the Man-
deville auditorium, Jerry Ryan of 
the "Yes on 14" committee said 
Friday. 

The first segment of the "Yes on 
14" drive was voter registration. 
Ryan said over three mllllon 
persons were registered statewide, 
with 26,000 registered in San Diego 
in 21 days. 

That voter registration drive was 
active at UC5D during the first 
week of classes, as characterized 
by the orange signs proclaiming 
"Yes on 14" and "Register to 
vote." 

Controversial Measure 
The Fannworkers Initiative, 

which was placed on the ballot 
after a concentrated petition~ve 
similar in style to the current 
campaign to pass Prop. 14, is 
perhaps the most controversial of 
the 15 state propositions on the 
Nov. 2 ballot. 

It would make funding for the 
Agricultural Labor Relations 
Bo'ard (ALRB) permanent until 
another referendum vote. Funding 
for the board, which supervised 
and certified farmworker union 
elections for several months last 
year, has been stalled in the state 
assembly by a coalition of 
Republicans and rural Democrats. 

A tw~thirds vote of the state 
assembly is needed to fund the 
ALRB. Prop. 14 needs a simple 
majority of voters to be passed. 

Prop. 14 supporters see it as an 
issue of "law and justice in the 
fields." The initiative will 
guarantee the farmworkers' right 
to select by secret ballot a union to 
represent them, they say. 

Opponents of the measure say 
the proposition will remove the 
ALRB from control by elected 
officials. They also object to the 
complexity of the measure's 
wording, which fills 11 pages of the 
California Voter Pamphlet. 

Chavez' speaking tour is only 
part of the "Yes on 14" campaign, 
Ryan said. It will also involve a 
heavy leafletting and bum-
persticker-publicity campaign, he 
said. 

The "Yes on 14" committee 
expects to see "Yes on 14" bum-
perstickers on "one of every four 

Cesar Chavez speaking at UCSD last year. [IT photo: Bill Brooks] 

or five cars," Ryan said. Brown, Jimmy Carter, Senators 
Among those who have endorsed Alan Cranston and John Tunney 

Prop. 14, according to literature and Mayors Tom Bradley and 
advocating its passage, are Gov. George Moscone. 

DNA Research Dangers 
Spur Community Concern 

by Joel C. Don 
Associate News Editor 

creases. He also suggests that 
scientists should find a new 
organism, other than E. Coli, 
which is less indigenous to man. 

Sinsheimer concluded, " We 
must make an effort to minimize 
the escape of any of these novel 
organisms so that they cannot 
affect the biosphere." 

Murphy, Student Fee Group In 
Conflict over Coop· Budgets 

The proliferation of recombinant 
DNA research, with the completion 
of the biohazard containment 
facility in March 1978, will not 
occur at UCSD without protest. 
Unforeseeable research risks have 
spurred the concern of San Diego 
community members as well as 
prominent scientists. 

Robert L. Sinsheimer, head of 
the Biology Division at the 
California Institute of Technology, 
is a moderate opponent of current 
recombinate DNA research. While 
he does not oppose the validity of 
the research, he questions the 
National Institute of Health (NIH) 
regulations and the inadequate 
preventative measures against a 
biological catastrophy. 

Community Activism 
Shirley Wood, community 

member of the DNA Study Com-
mittee for the Quality of Life Board 
of San Diego, insists tha~ the 
current trend is to push the 
genetics research through without 
allowing the community to un-
derstand the full ramifications of 
recombinant DNA research. 

by Dorothy Houston 
Staff Writer 

Controversy between George 
Murphy, Vice-chancellor and Dean 
of Student Affairs. and the Student 
Cooperative Union's Student 
Activity Fee Support Group 
(SAFSG) has arisen over cuts, 
totalling 25 percent, made by 
Murphy over the summer on Coop 
approved budgets. 

SAFSG, formerly the Budget 
Resource Group, sets the initial 
operating and program budgets for 
student organizations. The budgets 
are either approved within the 
Coop or sent back to SAFSG for 
reexamination. After approval, the 
budgets are sent to the Advisory 
Committee on Student Fee 
Programs (Reg Fee), and from 
there are referred to Murphy. 

Murphy's action, consistent with 
the recommendations of Reg Fee, 
reduced the program.budgets that 
were in excess of $100 by 25%. He 
didn't alter the annual budgets for 
Coop umbrella expenses (general 
Coop office expenditures and staff 
salaries for student organizations), 
the Campus Program Board 
(CPB) or the Communications 
Board .. 

Lack of Communication 
It appears that there is a lack of 

George Murphy 

both communication and un-
derstanding between Reg Fee and 
the SAFSG concerning the criteria 
utilized by the latter to review and 
r commend fundins for student 
organizations. 

In Sept., 1975 Murphy asked the 

SAFSG to detail in writing their 
criteria used in determining 
student organization budgets. 
Murphy said that this was done "So 
that student organizations would 
know what the rules of the ball 
game were and thus be able to 
establish a context for review on 
allocations. " 

SAFSG adopted the guidelines in 
Jan., but apparently Reg Fee was 
late in becoming aware of that 
decision. Reed was surprised the 
committee was unfamiliar with the 
guidelines, as more than one of the 
student members on the com-
mittee are active members of the 
Coop. 

Last June, Reg Fee said it was 
essential for SAFSG to establish 
budgeting criteria. The committee 
then recommended that no action 

-be taken beyond summer and fall 
budget allocations until the SAFSG 
established its guidelines. 

Murphy was asked for conunent 
on the rumor that the reduction in 
budgets was to save money for a 
new student government that could 
result from the upcoming student 
governance referendum. "That's 
nonsense, he said. "As soon as 
criteria are in place action will be 
taken on budgets that could be 
before a new government." 

Must Save Monel 
Murphy, in an interview last 

week, said that the reasons for the 
reductions were to save money for 
winter and spring quarter budgets 
and to fund other organizations not 
budgeted for summer and fall by 
SAFSG. 

"There were conspicuous ab-
sences in the funding," noted 
Murphy. "The Reg Fee committee 
operated not to penalize the 
organizations, and the acceptance 
of budgets for the summer and fall 
qu~rters is an indication of that." 

Minus umbrella expenses, CPB 
and CommBoard expenses, the 
total Coop budget for student 
organizations for fall and summer 
amounted to $20,310. This figure is 
more than one-third of the 
available annual funds for 
organizations. 

Interim SAFSG coordinator 
Montgomery Reed is dissatisfied 
with the budget cuts. "It Is 
generally uncommon for the Vice-
chancellor to change the budget 
and it's unwelcome," said Reed 
1astweek. 

"Utter Incompetence" 
Reed feels that if the reason for 

the cuts wasn't antagonistic, then 
the action displays "utter in-
competence. " 

Reed also Que:Sll(!IJeU 

Montgomery Reed [n° photo: Bill 
Brooks) 

I 
of the release of the budget cut 
decision, which was announced 
after students had left campus for 

"I feel that these guidelines are 
inadequate because they were 
drawn up to deal with one kind of 
problem, and there are other 
problems," Sinsheimer said in a 
recent interview. "What was done 
by the NIH was to try to analyze 
specific problems t~t might arise. 

"The NIH made a graded risk 
. and considered only the well 
defined hazards such as toxins and 
cancer viruses. They did a very 
good job as far as that is con-
cerned," Sinsheimer added, but 
insists the essential problem with 
recombinant DNA research is the 
recombination of genetic material 
from diverse organisms. 

the summer. "The action was Technique May 
taken at a time when it was dif- Pose Danger 
ficult for the students to organize " We can't predict the properties 
comment," Reed said. of these organisms with mixed sets 
. Due . to late Reg Fee con- of genes," Sinsheimer stated. The 

Side ration and because Murphy ' dilenuna is compounded by the use 
didn't return from a leave of ab- of E. Coli bacterium, which lives 
sence until early J~ne, the intimately within man 's en-
memoranda announclOg the virorunent. 
budget cut decision wasn ' t 
released until June 23. 

Reed feels use of the activity fee 
should be handled solely by 
students. 

IISIDE THE TT 
Need something to do during 

a study-break tonight? Want to 
get involved with the school 
community through a club? 
Check out the Triton Times 
"What's On" calendar, 
published weekly in the middle 
0( our Monday paper. 

And, if you want to publicize a 
meeting or event, use the 
calendar. Forms are available 
at Edna and are due there 
Thursday afternoon at 4 p.m. 

The availability of the technique 
to unregulated industries and 
foreign governments, and the 
possibility a terrorist group could 
use the technique to create 
biological bombs could pose a 
danger. Furthermore, Sinsheimer 
insists that the use of crippled E. 
Coli (rendered helpless by a 
genetic deletion which makes them 
dependent upon a man-made en-
virorunent) is not required for 
many experiments and little is 
known about the properties of 
the e crippled E. Coli. 

The focus of Sinsheimer's con-
cern specifies two major 
regulatory programs. Fir t , 
Sinsheimer uggests that research 
should be limited to a small 
number of labs. As the number of 
people doing the research in-
creases, the chance of a 
cata trophy through human error 
or cultur contamination in-

Being the only community 
member on the conunittee, Wood 
noted that there is a definite im-
balance in this committee between 
the average citizen and scientific 
interests, because it includes six 
technical people and a public 
relations person from Mayor 
Wilson's office. She also un-
derstands that many of the people 
involved in DNA research stand to 
profit from their investigations. 

" Industry is into it heavily and 
they are financing many of the 
scientists in the university through 
their grants," Wood stated. She 
added that many companies have 
applied for specific patents in DNA 
research and these same com-
panies acted as consultants to the 
people who wrote the NIH 
guidelines. 

Guidelines Are 
Too Permissive 

" At a lower level this kind of 
research has been done for 15 
years at UCSD," Carstens stated. 
" I am not opposed to science or 
research, but the proliferation of 
experiments under the NIH 
guidelines is ridiculous. Any 
person not under a grant does not 
fall under these guidelines, and 
besides, these guidelines are not 
mandatory; they are permi ive 
and full of loopholes." 

Carstens is in the process of 
organizing community in-
volvement, because he regards the 
current publicity and committee 
investigations as inadequate to 
thoroughly identify the high risk 
potential f recombinant DNA 
research. He insists only a few 
people ate making the decisions 
and have ignored ome of the 
major que.Jtions of earthquake 
safety, damage in urance and the 
maint nanc of ecurity in the 

No one will n glect thl!ll ible 
ben fits of this n w unlea hed 
g ni , but are we to risk th n-
dangerment of millions of lives, 

in h imer comm nted, with an 
"lIT v r ible holocau t?" Th -

ni i in for int nsiv crutiny. 



..... 
triton time8 ....... y, Oetober 11,lt'lI 

Letters to 

times 
... _-

.n.;nn' .... editorials represent a majority opinion of the Triton Times 
• which is composed of Executive editor David Elsen, 
Stadler. News editor Alan Russell , Statewide editor Alec N ... i"lnru," 

nity editor Vera Todorov and Opinion editor Ran Anbar . All 
ma,teri,al arfd artwork represent the author's opinion and do not nec::essarilly\ 

the views of the Triton Times. 

Student Governance 
Report 

'Fhe end-result of the report Issued last week by the Task Force on 
Student Governance will be a campus-wide referendum to select a per-
manent student government for UCSD. This r~erendum, we feel, wiD be 
a good tbJng for botb the UCSD student community and the Student 
Cooperative Union. 

The referendum .... whicb wiD be beld by the Electioos Board in either 
late Fall or early Winter quarter-will be beneficial for the UCSD student 
body because It wiD pennlt a real choice between student governments. 
The referendum beld in tbe Spring, 1975 was betweeu the Coop and no . 
government, wbich was not nearly as good a choice as a vote between two 
clearly defined alternatives. And tbis year's referendum should be just 
the latter. . 

After this referendum, we will know for sure if dissatisfaction with the 
Coop has any popular support, or is just tbe mutterlngs of a small, but 
vocal group. 

The referendum will also be good for the Coop, as It wiD give Its 8U~ 
porters a clear indication as to its status. If the Coop wlos tbe vote, It wiD 
bave a new legitimacy to use when dealing the administration. 
Administrators wiD DO longer be able to bypass the Coop by saying "Well, 
It's not the official government." 

And, despite tbe furor and opposition It has caused in the Coop, tbe task 
force did a good job in drawing up three diverse and interesting models. 
Student co-chairman Fred Speck put together a good assortment of 
persons to compose the committee, including representatives from the 
Coop's various factions and some persons with UtUe or no contact with tbe 
Coop. 

The idea of open hearings for aU students to give their opinloos on tbe 
models-which was added to the task force proposal by the Commi~e on 
Student Fee Programs-is also a worthwhile Idea. Students should have. 
as much input as possible on their future governing body. 

But we do have some concern over tbe manner in which the referendum 
was initiated. Chancellor McElroy says be formed the task force to 
prepare alternatives for a referendum after students requested that be do 
so. However, the Chancellor sbould not be initiating student referendums. 
They should only come about after a petition, signed by 10 percent of tbe 
student body, is presented to tbe proper authority. 

Proponents of tbe referendum should still pass the petitions, and get tbe 
requtred number of signatures, in order to give the comJog vote more 
legitimacy. U enough signatures cannot be found, the vote should not be 

~~. ' 
Somehow, tbougb, we think enough students will sign a petition to put 

tbe form of student government to a vote this year. 
When the referendum does come about, the Election Board should take 

great paios to make sure the choice is simple and clear. In fact, we 
recommend that, using students sentiment at the open bearings as a 
guide, tbe board sbould eliminate two of the proposed alternatives and 
make tbe vote a one-on-one choice - between tbe Coop and one alter-
native. 

Students should also do their part to make their feelings on tbe Issue 
known. Go to the bearings. Be loud. Wbether you want a traditional set-up 
with elected officers, a continuation of the Coop or another alternative, 
just remember that it's your government, and it will be allocating your 
activity fee. 

CPR Needs Input 
The Campus Program Board [CPB ] has recently added a new position 

-a Student Vice-Cbalr, who will be largely responsible for increasing 
student input into the board. In addition, the position aUows for some 
student awareness of the decision-making processes of the Arts and 
Lectures Department. 

High-quality lectures, concerts, Iilms and fine arts events are worthy 
goals for CPB to work for In the coming year. We feel students sbould 
have as mucb voice as possible In tbe selection and plannin& of tbese 
events. We are cOJl.fldent CPB feels the same. 

The new Stu Jent Vlce-Cbair position is the first step In tbe long process 
of increasing student participation on campus committees that are 
constantly mak.ing decisions affecting student Ufe. We commend the CPB 
for taking the initiative to place students in posiUons of declson-making 
authority on III committee. 

Welcome Cesar Chavez 
Long before It was fashionable in liberal circles, long before the 

Califor1lia state legislature ever cons~ered tbe Agricultural Labor 
Relations Board, and long before be ever had any mas. IUPPOrt, Cesar 
Chavez was in the fields working for fair treatmentfor fannworurs. 

Chavez will return to UCSD today, campaigning for the Farmworkers 
Initiative, and working for fair treatment for fannworkeJ'll . 

Chavez Is a man with compassion for tbe opprell ed and passiOn for the 
cause of justice. He I also a flne and persuasive peaker. 

It Is a rare thing to behold a truly honest and committed person in 
American politics today. Whether or not you agree with Cbavez' politics, 
you should go to Mandevill Auditorium today at noon-aod e one. 

• 

A Beer Dive at Central Library? 
As a member of this institution, I feel it Is my 

duty to bring to the attentiC10 of the general 
campus certain problems that cry out for 
solutions. 

chitecture on this campw. . 
Herewith are two suggestions: 
1. DIrt could be placed here up the level of the 

. retaining waDs, and this could be landscaped, 
providing both an attractive place to study and 
softening the harsh lines of bare C()llcrete. The Centrellibrary consists ci a massive base that houses the first Door, with the roof of the 

first floor forming the pedestal upon which the 
upper five stories stand like a great pregnant 
spider. It is the expanse of the concrete base that 
concerns me now, an area of bare cement that is 
devoid ci any form of life, with the possible 
exception of a small amount of litter and debris 
that IS deposited In corners by the wind. 

2. ThIs campus suffers from the lack of a real 
coffeehouse, In the classic European tradition. A 
beer dive would perhaps be better, but the people 
of the great state ci Californla, in their wisdom, 
have seen fit to exclude such things from UC 
campuses.) . 

We need a coffeehouse that attempts to be 
nothing more: that does not serve lunch and take 
meal tickets, does not have uncomfortable 
plastic chairs and does not serve coffee In 
styrofoam cups. It would have no need to com-
pete with the cafeterias on campus. It would 
serve only liquids-coffee, 4lSPresso, carrot juice, 
whatever-and be a place where studenta and 
professors and administrators and staH could go 
for the purpose of meeting and exchanging ideas. 

'In the southwest comer, there once stood 
something that passed for sculpture-now, even 
this is gone. although for the life _of me I can't 
figure out who would take it. 

Nonetheless, this place bas a distinct beauty, 
at once spacious and solid, open aod enduring. It 
is unfortunate tbat we aUow this area to go to 
waste. 

I am writing in order to solicit ideas for the use 
of the spot. It would also benefit from a name 
that is more compact than "that place under ·the 
central library." I would hope that whatever 
ideas are suggested, (and, one hopes, adopted,) 
would be in keeping with the unique qualities of 
what is undoubtedly the finest example of ar-

I would be Interested in knowing if other people 
on campus have any ideas on this sUb),ect. A1!ro, 
if you've never seen this place that I m talking 
a bout, its worth the effort to r.heck it out. . 

MALCOLM SMITH 

.- ~ ~ 

Seeing Through the Pepsi Haze 
by Valerie R. Laodry 

After seven days of chugging 
across the nation's waistline, the 
Turtle (my hunchback Saab's 
name - it's green of course) and I 
have finally arrived in Pepsi 
generation country. 

The trip was complete with the 
usual misfortunes ; droughts, 
floods, breakdowns, and panting 
dogs. • 

Crossing the line down at Yuma, 
I had readied myself for that great 

Letter 

gust of California essence which 
would waft through my parched 
dusty body, rejuvenating and 
enticing my stoic Yankee soul. 
That emba1mlng essence was not 
made immediately apparent, but 
after all, the bridge was out, and 
perhaps the Pepsi aura hadn't 
quite made the detour. 

As dusk crept up from behind us, 
we redirected into the mountains. 
Unfortunately, the headlights 
refused to make their presence 
known, so there we were, Turtle 

Credit for PE Disputed 
This letter is in response to a recent opinion that I re,ad in the Triton 

Times the other day. I am in a jazz dance class worth one unit of credit. I 
have provided the editor with a copy of the course outline to show him just 
what is expected of the student in this class. 

To swnmarize the course outline, the following list of requirements is 
herewith explained: 

1) You must hand in a written critique of a dance concert. 
2) You must learn a final jazz routine showing precision, flexibility, 

coordination and musicality, so as to be able to perform in a public dance 
concert. . 

3) You must be able to teach an original routine of your own to the class. 
4) You must also teach and lead the class through a stretching exercise. 
I'm not sure what the requirements for a volleyball class entail, but I 

doubt they involve critiquing a volleyball tournament. 
Play in a public exhibition game? 
Think up a game variation and teach the new rules to classmates? 
If I am wrong, please let me know. If I am ril{ht. please consider the 

degree of difficulty and imagination required from the student In order to 
pass a jazz course, and then judge whether or not jazz deserves credit. 

If this letter is not enoul{h to convince the Times that its stand may have 
been a little hasty and unresearcbed, I would be glad to write another 
letter expressing further my reasons wby this class should be given at 
least (If not more than) one credit. 

OONNADAY 
[Editor's note: True, voUey"U claues do not eatlal the review of a 
volleyball tournament, but four units IU't! liven lor a math clau that does 
not entaD the review of a matb lecture, a pubUc CIIlculul demo .. tratloa, 
or the invention of a new theory. 

Our point II not that volleyball.ladenta lhOuId get unit credit, bat that 
there sbould be an across-tile-board policy on aU PE claues. We dOll't 
agree that It I posl lble to say that one elan II "advaaced" ea ... " fer 
unJts, while otbers are not . 

and I, hugging that middle line like 
a tick on a dog's tail, just praying 
that the great dark spaces 0]1 our 
right weren't quite as deep as they 
appeared to be. 

I just kept on humming Beach 
Boys, Joni M., and Oklahoma-the 
latter being a left-over from a 
previous day. I finally puUed off 
(but n9t too far off) the road to 
expectantly pass those dark 
mountain hours. 

The next morning, just as that 
Eastern sun was beginning to 
catch up, I began the descent to the 
exotic and sprawling San Diego. So~ ) 
this was it! I mean, this was reaUy 
it! I would've been even more 
excited, except that my shoulder 
was stiff from sharing the back 
seat with the dog the night before. 

Yes, weU, to almost dismiss with 
the journey's last leg itinerary I 
l)eaded straight (or the beacb - of 
course. Ignoring the corrunuler 
traffic, I wondered whereabouts I 
could discreetly purchase a frisbee 
(everyone here was probably born 
with one). 

Yup, there they were! 
The surfers that is. 

I assumed they were all blonde.. 
headed, but couldn't really telW ) 
because of the haze that covere~ 

ev~. I stretched out ci 
Turtle and walked IIl'roII the sand, 
weaving ttrough the smashed caDI 
and bottle caps, marveUnI that 
acroll that horizon wu Japan 
whereas previously, for me, there 
had been only England. 

The waves weren't very big. 
Everyone was jlllt sittln, around 
In the murky water b" It w. 
probably just a bad clay. Besides, 
the sun would surely break through 
thebaze. 

....... y, OeteIIer 11, 1171 

W~lte Wbales 
8Qd 
Ot~er 

Mell10rabllla -
(UCSD Press) La Jolla, California. 

.~ 

· "'O'G! ." . ., b • I ... 
: 0) 

'>~ . . -
. ........ 

f 
by ~laQ 1lu8S~11 

A report released today by the Chancellor indicated that God will be 
denied tenure In the upcoming academic year. 

The Chancellor was Wlltble to be reached for comment but an 
assistant, A. Lackey, discussed reasons behind the dlsmissal. ' 

"It was a question of priorities," said Lackey. "1be decision was a long 
and hard one. Rest assured that we went through a lot of soul searching." 

Lackey stated that one major reason for God's losing his pcl'Jition 
stemmed from the fact that be had no Ph.D. "How can anyone teacb 
religion without a doctorate?" asked Lackey. 

God's age was also a source of concern for the administration. "You'd 
.ask him how old be was," whined Lackey, "and he'd say things like 'I 
was here when the universe began, and I shaU be here when it ends "As 
near as we can,figure it, that's older than the ~year age limit set by the 
Regents." 

Th«: disclosure of God's being denied tenure has met witb mixed 
reaction around campus. . 

"It's high time he got fired," said Dr. Natas of the Uterature depart-
ment. ~'Gra!lted, be bas a big name, but the university atmosphere suf-
fers With. him around. Anyway, we've got enough teachers walking 
around thinking they're God, so what's the use of having the original?" 
. A student who wished to remain anonymous had this to say: "it was 

like nobody wanted to take his class, man. I mean you think most classes 
are tough, you ain't seen nothing until you study u'nder God. There's only 
0!le way to go, paSS/fail, and you don't know what the outcome is until the 
big sleep. Then: you are, out of ~e university for 40 years, and you're still 
cr~mg for fm~. And ~ere s some heavy reading and laws to foUow. 
The Idea of the Big Exam 18 really frightening and the rwnor is most peo Ie fail." ,. ~e science department was especially heartened at God's dismissal. 
"You bet I'm happy," said one professor. "I spent an hour and a half 
proving something to be a physical impmsibility, and then with a wink of 
his eye, in [ront of the entire lecture haU, he did that which I said couldn't 
be done. They waHed at me. My cwass waffed at me. I don't wlke to be 
waffed at." 

University officials also noted that God was a monetary burden. "He 
Continued on Page 8 

The Triton Times Is published by UCSD students as an official student newspaper. 
Publication Is on Mondays. Wednesdays and Frld;lYS during the regular school year 
(except on official holidays). Editorial and business offices are located In the Student 
Center at the University of California. San Diego. For editorial . call 452-3466; for business 
and display advertising , call 452·3468. 

Letters to the editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissions must be typed 
and double·spaced on a 74-space line. They should not exceed 1-1/2 pages In lenglh . 

Submitted material must bear thellame and student Identification number 01 the author. 
Names can be withheld from publication on request : however the names will be held on file 
for public inspection . 

Th .. Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of space limitations or 
style requirements. 

Entire contents copyright 1976. the Triton Times. 

• 

triton time8 

YSA Debate 
Scheduled for 
Wednesday 

The Young Socialist Alliance 
(YSA) is hosting a four-way debate 
on Election 76 Wednesd8y at noon. 

Youth representatives from the 
Democratic, Republican, liber-
tarian and Socialist Workers 
campaigns are scheduled to debate 
the issues In the Student Center's 
North Conference Room. 

In addition, the party 
representatives will attempt to 
propose solutions to " the crises 
facing students in the seventies," a 
YSA release says. 

Following the debate will be an 
open question-and-answer period. 

Hot Line for 
Cold Cars 

(CPS)-Students whose cars suf-
fer from engine whooping cougb, 
non-meshing gears, turn signals 
that don't flash or any of the other 
corrunon auto maladies may now 
dial up some mechanical advice. 

The toll-free nwnber is (800) 424-
9393 and the friendly voices at the 
other end will offer callers all sorts 
of advice on what to · do with 
problem cars. Sponsored by the 
National Highway Traffic Safety 
Council, the botline is not designed 
to be "a magic solution," a 
spokesman said. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Thursday Oct. 14 at 4:00 pm . 4th 
college commuter student 
meeting : among the topics 
discussed will be the eller im· 
portont issue of lockers for your use 
located on compusl So be sure to 
join us at the North Conference 
Room ot the Student Center. 

,~~l~~ ~ 
~ ~~)~~ 
or~ 
BIRKENSTOCK~DON'T FIT LIKE 

SHOES. THEY DON'T FIT LIKE SANDALS. 
THEY RT LIKE FOOTPRINTS. 

...... Cemino Del Mar 

Pace 3 

''' .. ~ ... '' ...... ~ ........... ~ ........ ~ ............. ~ ....................... ' .................... ~, 
! CPB Presents t 
t · i i The San Diego Repertory i 
; ; 
i i 
i i 
. . ; ; 

j I ; i I I ( . 
t· ! ; ; ( , 
! t 
, Theatre ~ 
t 't: I The Maids by Jean Genet 

Come & G~ by Samuel Beckett • i October 12,13,14, IS, 16, & 17 (Tues.· Sun.) t i 8 :00pm i 
i Mandeville Recital Hall I i Students 52.00 ! 
• General Admission 53.75 . l For Information call 452·4559 , l Presented By the UC San D1~go Program Board ~ 
, and the Intercampus Cultural Exchange Committee ! 
................................................................. . l •• ~ ......... __ ........ ~._ ............... -.. ........................... t 

UCSD DRAMA DEPARTMENT PRESENTS 

CONTEMPORARY 
. DANCE 
THEJ\TRE 

RUTH SOLOMON AND BYRON WHEELER 
iN CONCERT 

fRIDAY , OCTOBER 15AT8:00P.M. 
MANDEVILLE CENTER AUDITORIUM 
TICKETS $2.00 - BUY AT THE DOOR 



.... ' 
triton tilDe8 triton time8 Page 5 

Photo : Bill Brooks 

12-4 pm - Monday thru Thursday - Biology/Chemistry Clinic Tutoring for undergraduate 
classes, HL 410. 

12 noon - Conditioning-noon. Wrestling Room. Call Renee at x4038 for info. 
Noon":; p.m. - Alexis Smith Art Exhibit, Mandeville Art Gallery. Smith, called "one ofthe 

most sophisticated, witty and astute conceptual artists," will present "Star Material." The 
exhibit will be on display through Oct. 31. Gallery hours are noon to 5 p.m. Sun. through Fri. 
Free. 

3 p.m. -Space Research and the New AstropbysicsSeminar, room2333H&SS Bldg., Muir. 
Dr. James Herndon, "How Primitive are the Meterorites?" 

4-5 pm - Graduate Student Union Steering CoJDDrlttee meeting to discuss departments I 
situations and problems with work-study. Interested Grads welcome. Student Center 
Lounge Conf. Room. 

4 p.m. - SoUd Mechanics and Structure Seminar, room 7104 Urey hall, Revelle. Dr. 
Thomas L. Geers, Lockheed Palo Alto Research Lab, "Transient Response Analysis of 
Submerged Structures." 

4 pm - Intnmlll1l1 Handball TOW'lUllDent slgn-ups. Two types of handball tournaments 
for UCSD four-wall enthusiasts. Handball Ladder Tournament and Classification Tour-
nament Play (Classes A,B, and C) will be starting soon. Sign-up on Handball Court Bulletin 
Board downstairs In the Main Gym. Further info, see John Cates PE Dept. x4037. 

5-9 pm - BIrtb Control CllDie. Rap orientation at 7 pm, counseling, information, ap-
pointments. 452-2669, Student Health. 

6:30 pm -Co-op meetiDg. Student Center North Conf. Room. 
6-9 pm -Blology-chemistry Clinic. HL 410. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization - all are invited to attend. Revelle 

Infonnal Lounge. 
7 pm - General open meeting for all Interested UCSD women to discuss goals and 

strategies of our Women's Center. Women's Center. 
7:30 pm - S.I.M.S. Advanced meeting, Revelle Formal Lounge. Transcendental 

Meditators only. "Integrating Cosmic Intelligence Into Everyday Life." 
8 pm - Israeli Folk Dance Club. 8-9 review, 9-10 :30 dances by request, Rec. Gym Conf. 

Room. 

12-4 pm - Biology-Chemlstry Clinic, HL 410. 
3-5 pm - Vocational Counseling. For students concerned about their occupational or 

vocational futures. Also, for students concerned or confused about their major. Call x3755 or 
x3490 for appointment. Revelle Counselor's office. 

4 pm - Chemical Physical Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Nguyen-Huu Xuong, 
"Multi-Channel X-Ray Diffraction and Its Application to the Structures of Unstable 
Molecules. " 

5 pm - Politjoumal: organizational meeting. HL 2550. 
5 pm - Horseback Riding Club. Rec Gym Conf. Room. Karen Eckert 452-9791. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Rap orientation at 7 pm; counseling, infonnation, ap-

pointments. Studtnt Health, 452-2669. 
6 pm - Macra Economics Study Group. Groundwork Bookstore, Student Center. 
6-9 pm - Bio:ogy-Cbemistry Clinic, HL 410. 
7 pm - uc m Folk Dancers - Balkan and Line Dance Night. 7-8 beginners, 8-8 :30 In-

tennediate, 8.30-10:30 by request- Rec. Gym Conf. Room. 
7:30 pm - Baha'i Fireside. Anyone wishing information about Baha'u'llah and the Baha'i 

Faith is invitt'.l to the informal discussion to be held at the Fourth College Rec. Center near 
the Fourth Co lege donns, Matthews Call'lPU:;. 

8 pm - San Diego Repertory Theatre. Two plays "The Maids" and "Come and Go". 
Students $2.OC, G.A. $3.75, Mandeville Recital Hall. 

WI14 ~I 
1()/111()/11 

, . 

9-10 am - Motivational Workshop. For students who feel very lethargic and unmotivated 
academically . The aim of the workshop will be to help the student become more enthused 
and more successful in his or her academic pursuits. Revelle Counselor's office. 

10:45 am - "Focus on UCSD." Radio station KSDO, 1130 AM. Dr. H. William Menard 
views international agreements about the oceans. 

12 noon - AMES 205, Seminar No. 5 Film Series. "Hazards of Tire Hydroplaning to Air-
craft Operation" 7104 Urey Hall. 

12-4 pm - Blology-Cbemistry Cllnic -HL UO. 
12 noon - MeetiDg for all those interested'in helping the· campaigns of Democratic can-

didates: Part-time organizing of joint rallies, etc. Gym steps. 
12-2:30 pm - Sex Cllnic. For students seeking information or counseling about hwnan 

sexual functioning. Revelle COunselor's Office. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control CUnlc. Appointments, counseling, information. Call 452-2669 or 

come to Student Health. 
3-5 pm - Male/Female SocIallzation Group. A group to explore the relations, expectations 

and stereotypes we bold about our sex and the opposite sex, and how these affect behavio.ur. 
Meets at Counseling and Psychological Services, 412 MC, call Becca De Pue at x3755 to sign 
up. 

3 pm - FUm. "Knowledge or Certainty." One of Dr. Bronowski's "Ascent of Ma,. 
documentaries. This fibn deals with the moral obligations of today's scientist. P&L 1110. 

4 pm - Swimming, Women's First Team Meeting. Pool. . 
4-5:30 pm - Pbysics Department eoDoqulum. Speaker: Dr. John Malmberg, UCSD. Topic: 

Electron Lib (Plasma WithoutIons). USB 2622. 
4:30 pm - Meurosciences Departmental Seminar. Dr. Floyd Bloom, Salk Institute, 

"Central Catecholamine Neuron Systems : Aspects of Functional Organization", 2100 BSB. 
6-9 pm - Biology-chemlstry Clinic HL 410. 
6 pm - Weekly SATCH MeetiDg_ Students interested in community oriented health fields 

should attend, specifically Freshmen Bio majors. Revelle Informal Lounge. 
7 pm - First meeting of Ideologies Study Group. Groundwork Bookstore, UCSD Student 

Center. 
7 pm - Orientation for all interested in the Education Abroad Program for 1977n8 to 

answer questions, see a film and speak to "returnees" from various overseas callnpuses.; 
Int'l Center LoWlge. 

7:30 pm - Film. "Knowledge or Certainty." One of Dr. Bronowski's "Ascent of Man" 
documentaries. This film deals with the moral obligations of today's scientist. P&L 1110. 

8 pm-San Diego Repertory Theatre. Two Plays; "The Maids", and "Come and Go", 
Mandeville Recital Hall , students $2.00, G.A. $3.75. 

by Dr. LiU1cmull 
Questions, questions. Where 

are the questions?! ? Last week 
we requested MORE - so where 
are they? We managed, by 
asking friends, family, and yes, 
Martha, even strangers, to dig 
up the following-

Dear Doc: What is tbe iegal 
drinkiDg age on an airplane? 

Throughout the United States 
you must be 21 to consume any 
alcoholic beverages. For those 
of you under 21 planning any 
long airplane rides - it might be . 
wise to stash you own or carry 
your fake 1.0. SALUDE! 

Dear Doc: Whltisaldcuy, 
how is it made, where I. tile best 
location for ODe, IDd wbeD Is the 
besttbDetoamakeoae? 

Would you beUeve a hickey II 
a rich Austrian dessert? NO? 

Well then, would you believe a 
type of skin blemish clearasil 
can't clear up? It is made very 
carefully with a pinch of TLC 
included, given anywhere the 
giver chooses. The best time for 
making one is everytime the 
opportunity. presents itself. 
GOOD LUCK! 

Dear Doc: Where 1& the 
cheapest housing for UCSD' 
students? 

The cheapest place for 
students to live appears to be 
with their parents. Since this 
approach does not seem to 
appeal to the vast majority eX 
UCSD students, the next best 
idea for low cost housing is to 
house sit for professors away 0" 
sabbatical. Each of t 
provost's offices should have 
list of its faculty planning to 
take a sabbatical the following 
year. If not, try each depart-
ment chairman's office. 

Another inexpensive way to 
live is to find someone willing to 
rent a spare bedroom In his 
home. A bedroom with kitchen 
privileges usually can be found 
for under ,100/month. Sharing a 
room with someone is usually 
cheaper than having your o~ 
room. Geographically, the 
farther away from La Jolla 
lndlor the ocean, the cheaper 
the housing rates. Clairemont, 
Uniyersity City, Unda Vista. 
Logan Heights, Solana . 
Encinitas, Cardiff, 
Leucadia can be fairly 
pensive' areas to live in. 
course you can always do what 
we do - sack out on friends' 
living room noors. It 
paying rent. 

Dear Doe: Have tIIere 
beeD In&enlitiet at UCSD? 

U~D has seen four 
nities come and 10, and 
one lUl"Vive. Alpha PhI 
was a service 
fraternity and owned the 

12-4 pm - Blology-Chemlstry Clinic HL 410. 
12-4: 30 pm - Birth Control CUnlc. Appointments, counseling, information. Call 452-2669 or 

to Student Health. 
12 :3~ pm -. Sumner Noon Seri~, Sumner Aud., SIO. Mr. Ron McPeak, Kelco Company, 

Diego, Will present a color slide show on "The Ecology and Dynamics of California Kelp 
" Free. 

- Vocational counseUng. For students concerned about their occupational or 
loclltional future. ~lso, fOl: students concerned or confused about their major. Advanced 

reqwred, call x3755 or x3490 for appointment. Revelle Counselor's Office. . • 
Re~odu.ctlv~ Medicine Seminar, room 1103 Biology Bldg., Muir. Dr. Marc 

'Hermite, UmverSJte Libre de Bruxelles, "The Role of Prolactin in Hwnan Reproduction." 
Physics Seminar. Dr.G. T~nn,CIT/UniversityofBasil, 

,USB 2m. 
4 pm - Fourth Commuter meetiDg. Student Center North cOnf. Room. 
4: 30 pm - Men's VoDeyball. First Team Meeting. 1111 P&L. 
5 pm - Biomedical Lecture, Leonard D. Garren Aud., Med. School. Prof. F.H.C. Crick, 

Laureate, Salk Institute, "What is a Gene?" 
9 pm - BiologyCbemlstry Clinic, HL 410. 
-9:30 pm - oeveloplDg career alternatives workshop. Sign up in Revelle Resident Dean's 

Revelle North Dining Hall. 
7: 30 pm - Bible Study on "Matthew". U niversity-Community Church. 
7: 30 pm - Meeting of the people interested in solar energy. Informal Lounge. 

- A~el Adams, photographer and conservationist, will speak on personal per-
"ft~., .. ,,>~ of hIS 50 years as a photographer. Mandeville Auditorium, G .A. $5.00, StUdents 

Friends of 'Photography '2.50. 
- San I?lego Repertory Theatre. Two Plays: "The Maids" and "Come and Go". 
~an,de\,ille ReCital Hall, Students $2.00, G .A. $3.75. 

8 pm EAB meetiDg. Discussion of upcoming events and small socializing period af-
'.rw'''rtl,,~Fourth Floor Blake Hall. 

- Geological Sciences Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Yaacov Bentor, Hebrew University .l prll~" l pm "Geology and Petrology of the Precambrian Massif of Sinai". IGPP Conf: 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

nnlr •• t",·" now located on the 
side of the! Revelle 

;orrunonlS. AroWld 1971, this 
itself Pi a very un-

circumstance - aU the 
nelTl""'r~ were seniors and 

was no interest on the part 
the rest of the campus to keep 

frat going. So, with that 
graduation came the end 

Phi Omega. 
the middle 1960's two local 

fra ternities existed on 
. However, both Sigma 

Epsilon and Kappa Sigma 
died out around 1968 

of a general lack of 
in the groups by the rest 

Alpha Beta, a social-
fraternity which had its 

UCSD in early 1975, 
1'1Cl~:uea both by campus 
UIII~latrlv to the name frater-

by its own desire to do 
traditional fratemlties 

do. The group was coed, 
no hazing, and was really 
a structure within which 

could get together to 
and perform a variety 

service activities around 
The continued an-

of the campus and the 
Resource Group to the 

"fraternity led EAB into 
-U"~ILam fight to maintain 

This year the 
has decided to drop the 
frat in an effort to attract 

It is now just 
Alpha Beta, student 

tion. 
Diego metropolitan 
Alpha Phi Alpha, an 

ILern"HA_,_ ' black fraternity 
Undergraduates and 
tes, includes eleven 
students on its mem-

list. The group abo 
students from San 

0' City CoUege and from 
lego State. According to 
of its members, the , 

organization is a secret 
fraternal one in the traditional 
sense, complete with secret 
pledges. Its goal is to help each 
member out in the best sense of 
the word brotherhood. 

Dear Doc: I understand 
technical scbools Uke MIT and 
Cal Tech have Interesting flgbt 
songs. Is this true? 

Well, if it isn't it should be. We. 
found the fight songs in question 
and were assured by the 
respective faithful alumni that 
their song struck fear into the 
hearts of opponents. They also 
assured us the other guy's fight 
song was stolen from them, and 
anyway wasn't very inspiring. 
We'll let you decide for your-
selves: 

The MIT Fight Song 
eXdydx, eXdx 
secant tangent 
cosine sine, 
3.14159. 
square root 
cube rootQ.E.D., 
slipstick sliderule 
MIT! RAH!! 

The Cal Tech Fight Song 
eX&,eXdx, 
eXdxdx. 
SoL-I-D-E RULE!! 
Don't they just make you 

want to stand up and cheer? ! 

Dear Doc: How do we submit 
questions to the What's Up 
column? 

We're glad you asked that 
question! To submit a question 
to the column just 
type/write/print/or scrawl 
your questions on a piece of 
paper and bring them into the 
Triton Times office in the 
Student Center before 3 p.m. on 
Wednesday. 

Remember, don't 8et into 
anything you can't let out fl. 
DR.lJTTLEMAN 

Photo : Bill Brooks 

12-4 pm - Blology-Chemislry Clinic. HL 410. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Appointments, counseling, information, Call 452-2669 or 

come to Student HealUrCenter. 
Noon - Biochemistry Seminar, room 2100 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Bruno Zimm, "Problems 

with Giant DNA Molecules." 
12:05 pm - Marine. Biology Seminar. Dr. Stanley Miller, UCSD Chemistry Department. 

Subject "Origin of Life", 307 Vaughan Hall , Scripps Institute. 
3 pm - Philosophy Department Colloquium. Dr. Robert Pippin, UCSD, "On Kant's Claim 

That Concepts Are Rules". Revelle Infonnal Lounge . 
3 pm - Professor David Gries of Cornell University will give a lecture on computer 

science. T&L 1111, Third College. 
3 pm - Topics In Respiration, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Abe R. Rubinfeld 

University of Melbourne, "Perception of Airways Obstruction by Patients with Astluna." ' 
4 pm - Joint Organic Cilemistry-Biochemstry Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. 

Thomas C. J. Gribnau, Catholic Univ., Toernooiveld Nijmegen, "Coupling of Effector 
Molecuie to Solid Supports. " 

4 pm - Salk institute Seminar. Dr. Walter Zilglgansberger, "Interactions of opiates with 
putative neurotransmitters at the single neuronal level: a micro electrophoretic study in-
volving extra and intracellular recording in the CNS of Rat & Cat." Small Seminar Room 
Salk Institute. ' 

4:30 pm thru 3 pm Sunday. Oct. 17. - "People, Places and Spaces: The city behind the 
Golden Gate", a weekend in San Francisco with San Diego architect Homer Delawie Mrs. 
Delawie, and John Lewis Fie!d, San Francisco film maker on opportunity to explore ~ique 
architectural sites, presented by UC extension, 452-3400. 

7 &9:30 pm- Movie. "Farewell, My Lovely", USB 2722, $1.25. 
7:30 pm - "What is Higher Consciousness?". Open, free to all . Every Friday. USB3050A. 

For info call755~16. 
8 pm - ,?ancers Rutb Soloman and Byron Wheeler will bring their images of dance theater 

to the Umversity of California. Mandeville Auditorium. For further info contact Barbara 
Ann Firger 452-3120. 

8 pm - San Diego Repertory Theatre. Two Plays: "The Maids" and "Come and Go" 
Mandeville Recital Hall. Students $2.00, G .A. $3.75. ' 

8 pm - UCSD FoUrDance Club International Night. 8-9 review, 9-12 dances by request. 
Rec. Gym Coni. Room. 

9 am - The UCSD Grand Prix Bike Race. A ten-mile road race open to all campus bikers 
regardless of ability. Prizes awarded to those finishing closest to their predicted times. 
Prizes also to fastest finishers, fastest non-10 speed and others. Sign-up in RecGym Office. 

9 am-4: 30 pm:-, "San Diego: F~om Mission to Melropolis- Our Back Country , Hot Springs 
and Gold Mmes . A UC ExtensIOn class. All day bus/walking tour into the mountains and 
wooded areas east of San Diego, meet in parking lot in front of the Fine Arts Gallery Balboa 
Park. $32 credit, $25 non-credit. ' 

9:30 am-4 .pm - "Finding Your P~ace in ~he.Wrlting World." Writer/Photographer Helen 
Ellsbe~g Will le~d a program for speclal-mterest writers and would-be writers. UC 
ExtenSIOn, $17, brmg a sack lunch. Room 104, Third Lecture Hall. 

5: 30 pm - CathoUc Mass. University-Community Church. 
7 pm - Movie. "The Bicycle Thief" and " A Brief Vacation" , USB 2722, $1.00. 
8 pm - San Diego Repertory Theatre. Two plays : "The Maid " imd "Come and Go" 

Mandeville Recital Hall, $2.00 students , $3.75 G.A. ' . 

8:30 am - Catholic Ma . Universlty-Community Church. 
10 am - "Rejoice" Folk Mass (Lutheran ). University-CommWlity Church. 
12:03 pm - Episcopal Services. University-Conununity Church. 
3 pm - Intro to Radlcal Economics for women Groundwork Bookstore, U 0 Student 

Center. 
5 pm - Catholic Ma • University-Community Church. . 
8 pm - Llly TomUa. ComedielUle. Famous for her characters originated on the "Laugh-

In" show. Students $4.00, G.A. $5.00. 
8 pm - SaD Diego Repertory Tbealre, Two plays: "The Maids" and "Come and Go" 

Mandeville Recital Hall. Students $2.00, G.A. $3.75. . 



..... 

Chris Walsh, 
Engineering 
"It's boring to read the way 
most people are taught. 
This way, you look at a 
page of print - you see the 
whole page. It's great!" 

tritoa Des ..... J. Oeteber 11, n 

Hurry Last Week!! 

WhIIeIR free. 

John Futch, 
Law Student 
"With 60 briefs a week, 
the average student takes 
all week to prepare for 
class. In an evening. 
I'm finished:' 

Jeni Malam, 
Student 

Jim Creighton, 
Student 
" It's easy. Once you 
know how to do it. it's 
super easyl" 

"I had C's in high ·school. After 
Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics, 
I was able to maintain an A average:' 

Richard St_ Laurent, 
Teacher 

/ 

"I was skeptical. but now I'm 
reading around 2300 words a 
minute . Puts you that much 
ahead of everyone else:' 

It'll make homework a lot easier this year. In fact , you can cut your study time almost 
. in half with the copyrighted techniques you learn in one free lesson . We'll give you the 
incredible secrets to easy speed reading, better concentration and greater comprehension. 
Taught in more than 300 cities throughout the U .S. It's easy. It's ·fun . It works. • 

Increase your readillCJ ' speed as nuich as 100%1 

SUNDAY 
THRU 

THURSDAY 
4 P.M.' OR 8 P.M. 

LA JOLLA 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE INN 

1·5 at La Jolla Vill~ge Dr. 

MISSION VALLEY 
MASTER HOSTS INN 

950 Hotel Circle 

~ EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS 
• 

( 

H .... )'. October 11, lt7I 

WANTEd TECHNICAL ILLUSTRA nONS Graphs . elc. for publlcallons •. Reasonable. 
rush welcome. Paul 278-5156e_ . (10/15) 

Telephone solicitors. GoOd hourly wage and 
bonuses . Nearlo UCSD. 4 shills. Immedlale 
openlngs·275·2535 (10/18) Classical gullar lessons. technique. pieces 

segovia mel hod beginners welcome 
reasonable ~4-1736. Needed: Fundamental s of Child Develop· 

menl 2nd Ed . Please call Vicki at ~~9406 , 
(10/11) 

Good. light. Rock·n·roll band for end of 
monlh allalr , Call 453·7718. (10/20) 

Needed: persons wllh very large or small 
heads (les8 than. 21 or greater than 24 In.) for 
Alpha WtNe sludy. Contact basic science 
bldg 3045 leawe name phone and headslze. 
Studies ewery Tuesday . (10/13) 

Waitresses . cock lall waitresses . waltors 
flexible hours 52.36 hr plus lips NAS Mlrlmar 
274·3436 eve . 

Rider(s) wanled Santa Barbara l San Luis 
Obispo area leawe Thurs Ocl. 14./ Noon 7~> 
2543 Alan. ' 

fOR SAl 
Meirosound model MS·7550 AM /F M 
recelwer/casetle tape player COSI $13>sell lor 
5100 call 273-3560. (10/13) 

Neller used cover lor P .. rsche 911 . 912. COSI 
$80 will sell lor $60. Gall 481-0843 . ask for 
Mark , (101 15) 

Graphl,e driwer firm shall Wilson XL500 newer 
used 545 firm 453·7368 ask fO( Rick (10/15) 

Eagles lickets (6) for sale excellent seals 
$17.50 or best offer 272,5670 or 270.7381 . 
Honda 350 '72 6OqO ml good cond., elec , 
slarl. helmel II you like. Must sell $450 or1? 
RoblGary 453·6471 . 

'69 Open Kadetle runs really well . new stl . 
radls. & trans. SS75 753·1199 (10115) 

1968 Bel Air Chelly good condllion depen-
dable Iransponalion SSOO call Alicia at 400. 
2897. 

1975 Suzuki 75cc excellenl condilion perlecl 
school Iransponallon cost me S500 yours for 
$350. 755· t334 Nancy aller 5:00 (10/1"3) 

Surfboard 7'2" Sunset rd . Pin no dings excell. 
COndo 453-2896. 

Toyola landcrulser slatlonwagon 1971 4 
wheel drlye reck warn hubs 755·1363 (tO/13) 

• sERvias 

ACADEMIC RESEARCH PAPERS 
Thousands on file . Send $1 .00 for your 192: 
page. mall order calalog. 11322 Idaho Ave 
.206H. Los Angeles. Calif. 90025 (2t3) 477: 
8474 , (12/6) 

Spanish and French prlyale lessons. 234-
0391 extension 335. (10/25) 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOE! : 

MCAT 0"., 35y.an "I of .xperi.nc. 
DA'J and .,--

" Small Cla_ LSAT Voluminou~ hom. BRE study meterial. 
A~ Courses that ... II aSB oonstlntlv updated 

DCAJ Tape facilities for r"ilw, of el_ 
C lesson •• nd for u .. naT of lU~plemen t.,V rill met.r'lls FLEX M.ke·ups for 

. PERSONAls 

Pleasanl . handsome. leacher, 30. seeks a 
slim. allracliwe lady for a permanenl 
relationship . summer trtNels . J. Hall . 3852 
Mission Blvd ., San Diego 921 09. (10f13) 

What Is higher consciousness? Come and 
find oul. Fridays slartlng Ocl. 15 In USB 
3050A. 7:30 p.m. Free to all. Gall 755-0816 for 
further In formal ion (10/ 13) 

Coast Cruise 10 the nlneteenlh century & the 
beach . Fine books bought & sold. Elc LiMs 
Bookstore In Solana Beach 755·7323. 

Mary Joe' Did you expect Ihis one? Only !,ve 
more days I From Blake 2 

3 more coed flag leams needed for new 
league see Mike Hlp In Rae Gym office to 
sign up . 

Hey K8\lln • what a bitchin summer! Thanks 
for eIIerylhlng. Ron 

HEY BALLROOM DANCE PEOPLE I Come 
and get II on lhls Wednesday. 6:00. In Ihe 
Rae. Conference Room . for people who like 
10 swing (10/13) 

Hey Dewlttl Thai goes for all you olher 
weasels 100. II I don't get your address(es). 
you know what you won't get from me! 
Mine'S lhe same . • SMG 

Gerardo • Ihe purple-penners are trying 10 
find vou·phone 454·7680 aller 5 • The Lady of 
lhe Lake 

lOST ANd fOUNd 

LOSI . my Ylrglnlly somewhere in Aroo Hall. If 
found please relurn to the Trllon Times 
olfica. (10/11) 

lIousiNG 
Female roommale to share 2 bdr duplex In 
Cardiff . Own rm , wllh balcony 5120 /mo. + 
phone 753·40<16. 753·5482. 

2 BDR (poss , 3) house 1 /2 block 10 beach 
wlnler and spring Qt. female only. 300· call 
488-9758 . (10/13) 

I 
ANNOUNCEMENT 

Nat. Sc i. It prese nts Dr , 
Bronawski's "Knowledge or 
Certainty" • the moral abligal ion of 
laday's scientist. Wed. 10/ 13 i n 
P.&l. 1110. Free for everyone . 

ECFMG' miJMd IetsOns 
( I NAT'L MEP BDS 

SAT-VAT 
SAN DIEGO CENTER 

2180 Gem.t. PKiflc 8_h 92109 
Phon, 1M.m.68IJ 

• EOUCATIONAL CENTER 
Br.nc:heI in _jo, us citi. 

end Swillerllnd 

triton time8 Page 7 

Colleges Still Lock Doors ANNOUNCEMENT 
(CPS)..students still planning 'to 

crawl their way to the top of cor-
porate America a la Horatio Alger 
would do ~tter looking for another 
plan of attack, according to a study 
by two Boston University 
sociolo~ists. 

The sociologists, Michael Useem 
and S. M. Miller, found that 
children of the rich, no matter 
what their academic ability 
continue to get accepted into th~ 
nation's most elite schools and 
continue to remain there until 
graduation at a rate far out of 
proportion to their nwnbers. Mter 
graduation, the rich kids follow 
their fathers and grandfathers and 
merge into the higher levels of 
some corporate structure. 

Students from the CamiUes in the 
richest 20 percent of the nation 
take up ti4 percent of the available 

Acne Medicines 
Don't Come Clean 

. (CPS)-S.tudents piauged with 
punpies nught just as wen pop 'em 
rather than try a fancy-sounding 
medication, a recent Federal 
Trade Commission study reports. 

The PrC study showed that 
many of the finns putting out acne 
ointments and creams aren't 
coming clean when it comes to 
their products' basic ingredients 
(they are mostly the same) and 
that their advertisements are 
carefully hedged to make them 
promise less at close inspection 
than first appears at a quick 
glance. 
. NO~,ell Corp., for example, hypes 
Its Noxema Medicated Skin 
Cream'':' by saying "No soap or 
cream does so much to make you 
look . so beautiful. " Not so, ac-
cordmg to the FTC. Noxema is 
actually only " as good a 
moisturizer" as Revlon 's "Moon 
Drops" and Helena Rubenstein's 
" Kin Dew," and only as effective 
but not more so than its two main 
competitors. 

The PrC also questioned Bristol-
Meyers on its claim that its 
medicated soap called "Fostex" 
was " recommended by more 
physiCians than any other acne 
prod~ct." The company replied 
t~at Its ea rly ad campaign was 
auned at dermatologists so its 
sales were necessarily based on 
doctor reconunendations. 

The FTC also found that many 
different masque creams all 
contained essentially the same 
ingredients. 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fitted 
repairs 

hOurs roon - 1ft 1030 800 
Sli. 10·6 ClOSed sundays 

stace in AmeriG's elite schools, the 
pair discovered. Students from the 
bottom 20 percent took up only two 
percent of the space. 

Twenty to 39 percent of what the 
two called " the corporate elite" 
went to either Harvard, Princeton 
or Yale, their study showed, with 
the majority of aU the elite going to 
one ·of 12 top US schools. Useem. 
and MiUer also found that once in a 
school, the grades or a wards a rich 
kid obtains have little relationship 
to their future earnings. 

Rare executives who make it to 
the top from modest backgrounds 
appear to do so not because of their 
education but despite their lack of 
an appropriate education, they 
say. 

The study's results were 
published in Human Behavior 
Magazine. 

Job Resume 
-Interview 
-Composition 
-layout 

Student Di count 

2384 San Diego Ave. 
In Old Town 
299-5850 

There will be a mandotory KSDT 
News Slaff Meeling 10:30 a.m. 01 
the Stollon. 

AItertiOII Alnmllti ... 
.. Die.o,Pr.-Uf. It..-

583-LlFE 
Free eoaIIIelblg, study roam 

aad l,eaters 

SkiA3fJ8t 
6 dny& $200 

W_Bwok 
(ndudes: Lift Ticket. Lodging, 

Breakfast, Round Trip Bus fare 
Bus Leaves UCSD Dec. 12 

Returns Dec.21 
Information & Reservations 
cailla rry 453·1969 after 5 

l'''·· ...... ·· ...... ·~ ...... ·~· ·-·· ...... ·· .... · ...... ·· ...... · 
. l 
lCOMMUNITYl 
(BLOOD BANK} 
~ 983 India ; 
~ 327 F Street i 
1 PAYSDONORS i 
i for Service ~ 
l Mon. - Frl. , 
, 233·5481 i 
, 234·4601 : 
................. ·, ·· ....... · ....... ...... ,~." ................ t 

Parking 
Students are Reminded 

"5" Parking Permits are Valid in YEllOW STRIPED 
Parking Spaces Only. (See Campus Map) 

Citations are Issued for Illegal Parking Familiarize 
Yourself with the Parking Regulations. • 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223 

U,CSD STudENTS 
-SAVE MONEY, TiME, PARkiNG SpACE-

Buy OR RENT 
CAMPlIS CoMMUTERS 

AVAilAblE AT 

~"i-JAURA 
2226 AVENidA dE lA PlAYA 

LA JollA ShORES 
10AM-6pM T uod. y TltRU SUNdAY 

ClosEd MONdAY 4~4-9112 

i~~~---~:~:T' ~~.-~~~-~::-----
I ANd Oil wiTh PURcJ.ASE of NEW BikE I 

sports arena blVd. 
lacross 'rorn Ihe spans arenal 

I I 
I ' I 
,_ .COUpoN 

-- - - - -- - - - -- - - - - -- - COUpoN_J 
224·2973 224·2974 



Pale. triton tilDe8 

~ 

Aztecs in Soccer Replay 
It. W88 like a not-so-instant 

replay. 
A year ago in its [laDle with San 

Diego State, the DC San Diego 
soccer team jumped out to an early 
two goal lead, but were unable to 
maintain the advantage, losing 3-2 
on a State goal late in the second 
half. . 

At Aztec Bowl Saturday af-
ternoon UCSD again opened the 
first half with two quick goals, and, 
again, saw its lead and possible 
victory disappear as the Aztecs 

attempt to physically intimidate UCSD's frustrations were 
the Tritons. Althou~h this typified by Marin, who was ejected 
aggressive action led to the first- late in the contest for grabbing 
half ejection of an Aztec player, hold of an Aztec player. 
these tactics appeared to take their Despite the defeat, UCSD 
toU on UCSD in the second period. showed it has the components 

UCSD produced few offensive necessary for another successful 
threats in the second half and were season. Each year SD State fields 
continually under pressure from one of the better soccer teami in , 
the State attack. California, providing the Tritons 

The Aztecs first score came on with difficult early-season test 
Steve Endsley's breakaway goal from which to judge their pote& 
early in the second period. Ted tial. 
KeUy added the tying score, This year's game was no ex-
shooting the rebound of a blocked ception. 
penalty kick past Triton goalie Coupled with its performance in 
DougY~~dale.. last week's 4-1 scrimmage victory 

State s Tun Gwlow scored the' over Point Lorna UCSD has now 
Aztecs' winning goal midway proven it has the ~kills to compete 
through the half on another with any of the schools it will face 
breakaway goal. this year. The Tritons have an 

Forward Alan Cox and the return offense-minded team, more intent 
of Gonzales produced a few scoring on outscoring than out detending 
opportunities late in the game for their opponents. 
UCSD, but the Aztecs' rugged Despite Saturday's loss, a 
defense, the afternoon's heat, and duplicate of a year ago, the Tritons 
numerous mishandled passes led hope to repeat another 1975 per-
to many breakdowns in the formance with a NAIA playoff 
Tritons' play. berth. 

Roast Beef Sandwich 
$1.20 with this' ad 

:o.-:c.t:.: .. :a:t::cca:t.,:a 
'30 varieties of -I mported Beer 

over 300 types of C,heese. 
If you're throwing a party, come see us 

, White Whales ... we're the closest to campus 
was very strict about making UCSD pay the ten percent tithe,"said one 
bureaucrat. "Now, with him gone, we'll save quite a sum of money, 
enabling us to get 640 new administrators and one teaching assistant." 

The bulk of the student body is not pleased with God's dismissal. Large 
numbers of people (God's squads) are raUying to his cause, and. 
demonstrations are breaking out aU over campus. 

2165 AVlnida De La Playa, La Jolla Shores 459-3921 

We're challenging the universities charges which have resulted in His 
denial of tenure," said one dissident. "They say He hasn't published 

UCSO's Russ Crane [IT photo: Bill enough, but they're just jealous of His all time bestseller, and the fact 
Brooks) that He's mentioned in so many prominent works." 

WARNING: 
The IvoryTower 

. is about to-
collapse. 

rallied for another 3-2 come-from-
behind victory. 

UCSD, going against a larger, 
stronger, and more aggressive 
State team, and playing the first 
half without the services of leading 
scorer Alfonso Gonzales who 
missed the period because of 
studies, had difficulty generating 
much offense in the early going. 
But on one of the Tritons' few deep 
penetrations, Alan Cox was fouled 
inside the penalty area and Russ 
Crane converted the penalty kick. 

UCSD then came right back and 
stunned the Aztecs with another 
goal. Cox's corner kick was headed 
into the nets by JairoMarin. 

Seemingly angered by 'UCSD's 
success, State began using its 
superior size and strength . in an 

David Banks will present a read ing 
of Robert Groves' translation of The 
Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam on 
Friday, October 15, 7:30 p.m., at 
the Ocean Beach Elementary 
Community School at 4741 Santa 
Monica Avenue. The presentation 
will be followed by an open poetry 
reading. Admission is free. 

-rtte word is, God wants to fight the UCSD decision, but the legal means 
are out of the question, as all attorneys are presently residing in Hell. 
Rumors are he isn't pleased with the present situation, and ....... 

The weather forecast is rain, with no end in sight. 

94C SPECIAL 
Ranchero- Lots of avocado, 

tomatoe , alfalfa sprouts, baco 
bits topped with piping hot 
melted jack and cheddar 
cheeses ... delicious! Regular $1.35 

Please bring this coupon to any location. 
Good after 4 p.m. only. Expires Dec. 31,1976 

Pacific Beach - 1627 Garnet Ave. 270-0760 
La Jolla - 621 Pearl Street, 459-5474 

Del Ma r - 1130 Camino Del Mar, 481-0164 

It's your last year of college. Why think 
about life insurance now? Because, the 
older you get the mor:e it costs. And next 
year, it's all up to you. Find out , 
about ColiegeMaster. 

Call1hc Fid('liI~ Union ColI('~eMaster 
Field AssciCiale in your area: 

'I illl .\Ii"j"" 11 • . 1 n,;H 
S"ile .1.\ 

I'."ilk lIe.<I, 
~jtl (,IWII 

****************************************************************. 
: MOnday Ilaht Football Special I {)~£,ti-=i"(>.4 . 4' D i Spaahenl Dinner Only S.75 . ..~ .... t.. i 
! spa.halllwllh Maa' sauca~" O~1:: I 
I Tossad Braan Salad ~.t ~ : 
: Herb Dressing I Glrllc Breld ~....... nf! ••••••• ~ * 
* * : Bar Special Seafood Coc~tails : 
: Mixed Drinks $.75 (well OnlY) Ortega Stea~ _ Prime Rib i 
*** Coors $.60 Steal, & King Crab : 
* Drill .50 ~ -* 
* . * ! :'ou MBY Also Ordar From RaDular Manu FEATURING N::::':iC Recordings ~) 
i ,a Hava a Color TIl 1(711A~ I 
* LOOking for Lunch OIl-CamBus 7 * 
: , Lunch 11:30 '02:00 Din"., 5:00 '010:00 I 
: ~e re Only Two Mlnules Down the Hili located in the Andrea Villa Hotel I 
: Try our Everyday Luncheon SpecialS 2402 Torrey Pines Road 1454 - 2313 J' 
: for a Change 01 Pace from on-Campu,s fare Near Ardath Road at the Five Flags 
*.************************************************************** 


