
Collective Bargaining for UC? 
AB 1091 Gives University Workers Bargaining Rights 

by Alec NedelmaD 
Alsoclate NeWl EdItor 

If a recently introduced 
Assembly bill is passed, employees 

::1 at uam and other University of 
g. California and California State 

~ University and College (~UC) 
~ schools will join the rest of the 
~ teachers in California in being 
8 given collective bargaining rights. 
: The bill, An 1091, was introduced 

Despite the dismal UCSD basketban season. one indiuidual emerged as a 
star. Forward Lee Gardner lin white) was named to Jast month's NATA 
North.South game in Pasadena . as UCSD's lone representative. The team's 
basketball jinx continued anyway. howeuer. as Gardner was forced to miss 
the game with an injury . 

by Assembly Majority leader 
Howard L. Berman (D-Beverly 
HiUs) on March 24, and according 
to his office "is the result of c0-
operative efforts by all the major 
employee organizations affected 
by the legislation, and it has their 
full support." 

.....--.. The C.ity Desk----... 
• 

A Weel~ly Survey of 
Local and State News 

New Student Regent Picked 
Michael Salerno, the newly named student regent, thinks the rising 

cost of attending the University of California is keeping some people 
from attending UC. 

"I think the fees are starting to get out of hand," Salerno, a UC 
Davis law student, said after being named 'to the one-year post on the 
Board of Regents at last month's Regents' meeting in San Francisco. 

Salerno-whose term a8 student regent begins July I-was selected 
by the regent. to the position from a field of three candidates proposed 
by the Student Body Presidents' Council. One of the other candidates 
was Mark Mochary, a graduate student in anthropology at UCSD. 

Salerno will replace UCLA's Daryn Peeples, student regent for 1976-
77. 

Brown, Saxon Clash Again 
Gov. Brown and UC President Saxon clashed again at last month's 

Board of Regents meeting, this. time over Brown's plan to freeze the 
pay of state employees earning more than $50,000 per year. 

For his part, Brown-who makes $49,500 annually-said UCSD em-
ployees should recall the spiritual past of the university . 

"The university is like a church," the fonner Jesuit seminarian said 
at the meeting, "Its origins are out of certain medieval institutions 
and as such, I think its life style should be more appropriate to the 
original. When it isn't it tends to scandalize, I won't say the faithful, 
but the pubUc." 

" Past attempts to enact 
collective bargaining proposals 
have been hampered by dissension 
among the various employee 
groups," Berman noted. "Having 
achieved an early consensus this 
time, we should be in a much 
stronger position," he asserted. 

Art Bierman, President of the 
United Professors of California 
(UPC), an American Federation of 
Teachers, AFL-ClO union of 3,800 
CSUC faculty, hailed the proposed 
legislation in a statement last 
week. 

"Collective bargaining rights for 
CSUC and UC faculty are overdue. 
They are the only teachers in 
California that don ' t have 
bargaining rights, Bierman said. 
" Passage of Berman's bill will 
complete the bargaining picture 
for teachers in California and will 
restore equity, " he concluded. 

Campus Reaction MIxed 
Reactions on this campus were 

mixed in their support of the Ber-
man bill. Virginia Lopez, president 
of the UCSD chapter of the 
California State Employees 
Association (CSEA), felt the 
legislation "is long overdue." 
Further, she said, "There is a need 
for it." 

Jim Stronski, president of UCSD 
local 2068 of the Association of 
Federal, State, County, and 
Municipal Employees (AFSCME) 
said his union "basically supports" 
the collective bargaining bill. He 
continued,"U's not everything we 
want, but we can live with it." A 
problem he saw with the bill was 
the lack of a provision for " binding 
arbitration to arbitrate 
stalemates. ... The bill should 
really have binding arbitration or 
the right to strike. But since the bill 
is mute on the right to strike, it 
doesl1't say you can or you can't, 
we still have that weapon. Like I 
said, we can live with it." 

"We'd Go Out of Business" 
However Tom Tribble feels that 

his group, the UCSD staff 

association, " would go out of 
business" if the legislation is 
passed. The Staff Association, a 
self -proclaimed vehicle of com-
mWlication between its over 500 
members and the administration, 
is, Tribble stated; " by definition 
not a collective bargaining agent." 
In discussing the situation that 
would exist if the Berman Bill is 
passed, Tribble said " that would 
have to be viewed as death blow for 
the Staff Association and staff 
associations everywhere ." 

Tribble termed collective 
bargaining for the staff members 
" a good thing in the theoretical 
sense. In the practical sense," he 
continued, " there are ways to 
achieve the benefits of collective 

Continued on Page 10 

Night Rider Shuttle Bus 
Begins Service Next Week 

The Rape Task Force's efforts in obtaining a night time shuttle bus 
have been realized. 

The Task Force, working through Vice-chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs George Murphy, showed what they tenned the " necessity" of a 
shuttle. 

Called the "Night Rider," the shuttle bus will begin on a trial basis 
April 11 , running from 8:00 pm to 12:00 pm Sunday through Thursday. 
The need and use of the Night Rider will be a main detenninant for its 
continuation next year. 

The total cost for the service will be approximately $3200, with funds 
being split up between the Business Office and Registration Fees. 

"The van will hold twelve passengers, and the relief drivers from the 
Coast Cruiser will drive it," said Cathy Hauer of the Task Force. "The 
shuttle is scheduled to circulate the campus about every twenty minutes. 
Men and women who are going anywhere on campus will be encouraged 
to walk along the bus route, so that the bus can pick them up as it passes 
by." 

The roote will be patrolled by police, and the shuttle will also include a 
citizens band radio to provide corrununication with police. If a student is 
walking along any route the shuttle can be flagged down, though the bus 
stops are well lit and close to all major housing and study facilities . 

The Night Rider's scheduled run starts at Central Library and makes a 
circle around the perimeter of the campus. The entire route takes 15 
minutes. Times and a map of the run are featured on the last page of the 
paper. 

In reply, Saxon-who hauls down $62,500 annually-said he would 
fight Brown's proposal. However, he conceded that the 'public will 
probably back the governor on his plan. 

Former "Acid Guru" Speaks Here 
"I don't sense any great wave of enthusiasm for those who earn 

$50,000 or more," said Saxon, who this year donated about $9000 of his 
salary back to UC. 

UCSD's Rep .Running Again 
Gil Johnson, The San Diego City Councilman who voted to recom-

mend that the UCSD Bike Sbop stop its retail sales activity, announced 
last week his candidacy for re-election this year. . 

Johnson, 70, who was first appointed to the council in 1971, and won 
re-election in his own right in 1973, became first incumbent coun-
cilman to declare his intention to seek re-election this year. 

In announcing his candidacy last Wednesday, Johnson cited city 
costs and tax rates, crime, planned growth and San Diego's unem-
ployment rate as the big issues confronting the council. 

Besides voting with a colD"lcil majority to recommend closure for the 
Bike Shop's retail activities, Johnson also voted in favor of both the 
North City West and University Town Center developments. 

Johnson's first distiict includes La Jolla, Mira Mesa, North 
Clairemont, Scripps Ranch, University City, Del Mar, Rancho Ber-
nardo and UCSD. 

Campus Employee Killed 
One U~D employee, and two former UCSD employees were among 

the 576 persons killed in history's worst airline tTash March rT. The 
incident occured when a KLM Royal Dutch AirUnes 747 jetUner that 
had not been cleared for &lakeoff roared down the runway at Santa 
Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands, in dense fog and crashed into a Pan 
American World Airways 747 jet. 

Killed in the catastrophe were: 
-Melva Perry of Paclftc Beach, asalatant business manager in the 
U~D businea office; 

-Jane Hart, who retired in 1971 u an administrative assistant in the 
U~D ChemJatry Department; 

-Beth Shaw 01 Rancho Santa Fe, formerly in charge of systems 
management for the camp ... 

Tim leary is Now Headed for Outer Space 
by Joel C. DoD 

Aaoda(.e News EdItor 
During the cultural tumult of the 

1960s, Timothy Leary's message to 
the world was to "turn-on" to 
altered states of consciousness 
through the use of various 
chemical hallucinogens. 

But society's reticence at this 
radical departure from so-called 
normal behavior sent Leary 
through a nightmare of courtrooms 
and three years "on the run" in 
Europe and Asia. 

Now, reUeved of drug possession 
charges, legal battles and prison 
terms, Leary plans a new " trip" or 
voyage, with the aim of 
establishing colonies in space 
where people can " Uve, work and 
play" and enjoy a "better Ufe." 

He shies away from the tenn 
"utopia," insisltlng that there will 
be many colonies of different in-
terests, each having its own unique 
problems. 

Leary spoke here last week in a 
lecture titled "The American 
CUlture (1MS-1915)," sponsored by 
GRIN, a student group amuated 
with the 1.-5 Society. The L-5 
Society promotes space habitation 
in artificial satellites orbiting 
Earth and the potential ute of these 
satelUtes for solar power. 

The basis of Leary's interest in stressed that change or 
the colonization of space is in what " mutation" has always "come 
he tenns the evolution of man with a conflict-the new mutation is 
through the historical process of always looked at with suspicion." 
migration. Scientilic SubstantiatloD 

Wielding the microphone like a In order to scientifically sub-
seasoned entertainer, Leary en- stantiate much of Leary's theory of 
couraged the mostly college-age migration and space habitation, 
audience to realize their potential Keith Henson, President of the L-5 
of controlling society's direction. Society, explained the scientific 
" We are now the establishment," research currently being con-
he said, insisting that "with the ducted. 
freedom comes the responsibility Henson, an electrical engineer 
of making SUre the future is what and industrialist, described two 
we expect." locations in space, IA and L-5, 

The " future" involves a change which have been designated as the 
or evolution which necessitates sites for various space habitats 
migration, Leary said, adding " the called Bernal spheres. 
smarter you get, the farther off you Using natural resource 
have to g~, and as soo~ as you materia. from the Moon and 

~rt evolvmg and getting new . equip~ent brought from Earth 
l~as you have to find ne~ room to throu h the Space Shuttle 
bve out your new v~ions. sclenti u: propose habitations 

Ukening the situation to the spheres s large as 20 miles long, 
westward movement of the Asians four miles wide and containing 100 
and Euro~ans, Leary noted that square miles of land Henson said. 
when a civilWltion develops "self ' 
confidence " they will explore and He II\SISlS that \nese n~D"ats can 
go " beyond the maps." be built with "1920.'s technology~" 

His face showing the visible and that living habitat ('ould be Ul 
signs of wear from many years of space, orbiting the Earth, In 3S 
confrontation with society, Leary, Uttle as ten years from the tart of 
however, was enthusiastic in ex- the program. !he only problem, 
pressing his coocern for the ae- Henson states, 15 with the question 
ceptance 0( space migration. He CeIl ... ued P U 



..... 

Bakk~ Decision Debated 
SupJ>ort Equal Edu~tion 

In the Trltorl Times 01 March 2, 1m, an article entitled "Bakke 
DecIaion Suppcirted, Prejudice Is 'Unacceptable' " by Scott Reidler 
appeared. 'lbe UCSD Studem eo.IItian Agaimt Raclam believes that 
Mr. Beidler is misinformed on several points and that his arguments 
distort tile realllBue; tile ri8ht to an equal education. 

ReIdIer btpns by complabdng tbat the "TrIton times even implied 
tbIIt the 150 people •.• were all tb.-e to rally qajDst the Bakke Dedaion", 
.. furtber states tbIIt be "aDd IDIlDY otbers bad just been IllteniDI to 
band." TbIs mUes no sense since there was no band! We wonder If 
Reidler did in fad attend tile rally! 

ReidIer eGIdID .. , apIa!n .. tbat be sappor1I tile Bakke dedsIoa and 
that be beJieyes ''that moet people doallo." We oftbe Student Coalition 
wonder wllere .. ,ets bIIlDformation. Up to tbls date there baw been 
DO 'p~Bakk. DecIsiGa' rallies tb8t we !mow 01. 

Indeed, 'anU-Bakke DecIsion' mobIllpUoas have taken place CO~ 
sistently since Noveblber 1978 throughout the state. They include: 
several MECbA conferences, a statewide conference 01 Ofti' 500 people 
In Berkeley; rallies at UCLA, ~, UCB, UCSB, UCD, U<E>, CSULA, 
along with city-wide rallies ~ San Diego, San Jose, Los Angeles and the 
Bay area. The Bay area rally was the moet ~ with over 2,500 In 
.~ce. . 

Again, we must ask, why is Beidler blessed with such an accurate 
Insight Into the opinions of the 'sUent majority?' 

Heidler's arguments go downhill from there. He even resorts to the 
thinly veiled racist argument that "a white pre-med student Is supposed 
to get-used to the fact that he may work much hanJer than a minority 
student and stUI be rejected before the minority student." Reidler 
associates "harder work" with superior Intelligence and ability, and by 
Inference casts a shadow on the sincerity of minority students. 

He continues by attacking the argument for special admissions, 
saying "the fact Is that by ~ed schools' own standard'l,. the mln~rity 
student Is not always as qualified." A study by the UCB Amn Amencan 
Law Student Association showed that there was absolutely no 
correlation between the traditonal entrance requirements used for 
admission to undergraduate and graduate schools (SAT, LSAT, MCAT, 
GPA, etc.) and how well the students did once they were .admltted . 

The correlation that was revealed, showed that the hIgher GPAs and 
entrance test scores tended to belong to applicants that were white and 
well-off: 

Heidler's problem is that he chooses to ignore the social context of the 
Bakke Decision. In his sterile schema the issue is some 'nebulous 
discrimination. ' 

We strongly disagree: the issue at hand Is the right to an equal 
education for 3rd World Americans. 

Reidler chooses to support a decision that sets the precedent for 
returning admissions standards to the way they used to be before the 
student movement of the 1960s. If the Bakke Decision succeeds it is quite 
possible that UCSD will return to the way it was in 1969 when there were 
only 20 Chicanos on the entire campus. 

You see unlike Reidler, we really are opposed to discrimination and 
racism. That is why we are for the reversal of the Bakke Decision, the 
withdrawal of all US interests from South Africa, freedom for the Camp 
Pendleton 14. and so on. Join Us! UCSDSCAR 

Eliminate "Unnatural" Quotas 
The Bakke controversy comes at a most inopportune time for un-

dergradute education at the University of California. Indeed, .regard~ess 
of the upcoming decision by the US Supreme Court, the Immedlat.e 
salient danger is that affirmative action will be put to sleep before It 
even had an opportunity to mature to its intended fruition: 

The Bakke dilemma specifically raises the question: do quota 
systems for the enrollment of historically disadvantaged minority' 
constituencies into graduate and professional schools constitute a 
flagrant fonn of discrimination? 

In a sense, I agree, they do. 
Yet for me, speaking from my own experience of affirmative action at 

UCSD the apparent unfairness of special minority admittance progr~ms at the graduate level serves as a predominat Indication that 
affinnative action programs must be strengthened and expanded 
rather than dismanUed. 

The primary problem of note in the Bakke dilemma is not the question 
of "discrimination" or "reverse discrimination." To argue on such 
grounds is self-evidenUy a futile exercise in semantics. The quin-
tessential problem is the quota system itself. 

Quota systems by definition mean regulation. Regulations are im-
posed when gross imbalances are perceived in the equilibri~ within 
the system or the frame of reference of concern. 

Specifically, with regards to affirmative action, it is evident t~t 
given the percentage of the population in California that are ethniC 
minorities and the percentage of minorities "qualified" by universally 
accepted modes of criteria (e.g. GPA and aptitude tests) to graduate 
school, the "lIatural" equilibrium has been disrupted. 

For, althOl.gh etlmic minorities constitute almost 30 per cent of the 
population of tHe state of California, less than half of that per cent attend 
school at the graduate level. 

I grant th~t /ninority enrollment quotas at the graduate school levels 
are "unnatural" remedial tools. I agree also, that quota systems that 
are umatur~1 should be eliminated. 

The most to.ical mode 0' c1imiNItin(l the quotas involved here Is to 
increase the ~source pool of affirmative action minorities " qualified" 
for graduau school. This in turn mellJUl that an enlarged resource pool 
must be culti~ted and qualified ethnic constituencies be admitted into 
the UC syste<Jliat the undergraduate level. 

You see, there is another quota system inherent in the system that 
must be eliminated. This is the quota system at the undergraduate 
level, which maintains the percentage of affirmative action minorities 
below the corresponding percentages of these constituencies in the state 
population. 

The lJC educational system must become more equitable and ae-
cesible for all constituencies in California. AU quotas and barriers at 
both the undergraduate and graduate levels must be tran8cended. 

And this means that " affirmative action" policies must be vigorously 
fonnulated and pursued at the undergraduate level in order to eradicate 
long standing historical barriers and quotas everyone seems to have 
ignored. 

BERT LEE 

M ..... ' ..... t,1fn 

letters to the Editor 

Start Conserving Campus Water · 
Granted that I do not have at 

hand staUstical evidence for what I 
am about to say, I would Uke to 
submit something today in the way 
of a reminder to the students, 
faculty and staff of UCSD because 
I address myself to a problem that 
is getting worse every day that it Is 
ignored. . 

As we must all have heard by 
now, ihrough the media or by word 
of mouth, our sisters and brothers 
to the north are experiencing the 
effects of one of the most severe 
droughts in the history of 
California as one of the "united" 
states. 

Since San Diego and vicinity has 
received substantial yearly 
rainfall, (for a change,) we are not 
immediately able to perceive the 
severity of the problem. But this Is 
not just another nunor or a scheme 
to raise the price of water! 

As we go progressively north-
ward, even as close as Los 
Angeles, the evidence becomes 
more obvious since supplies of 
water to the southland from the 
north are being cut off. There is 
already a problem and with the 
present, seemingly delightful 
weather and summer on the way, it 
will get to be more and more im· 
portant that Yie conserve the water 
we have and share it. 

Steve Grady 
For President 

Yes I'm here and I have been an 
active member of the Ski Club for 
four years. I hav.e seen Steve 
Grady rise to the presidency of the 
Ski Club and I must say he has 
done a job. The Ski Club has had 
the dyno parties, lots of beer and 
all the chicks. 

Yah! 
The all-Cal trip was a blast. 

Grady not only arranged the trip 
but he also put everyone's twelve 
dollar rebate into the Ski Club's 
fund for more parties. 

Right on! 
I'm glad he put the money to 

good use instead of giving it back to 
those who went on the trip. 

Everyone tells me that the only 
reason Steve Grady Is running for 
president is because he wants to 
take his URS degree to graduate -
school. Well, I know that isn't so. 
His fathe!; got him an internship 
with Senator Talmadge. of Georgia 
because Steve really wanted to 
participate In government. 
Graduate school is the farthest 
thing from his mind. 

I'm looking forward to the 
eltctlon in the next few weeks. I'm 
sure when Steve Grady graduates 
at the end of the fall quartel nellt 
year, he will have done an ex-
cellent job, Ask Geronimo, he'll tell 
you. 

JOHN KING 

I don't believe that UCSD has yet 
recognized this fact or made ef-
forts to save water on a campus-
wide basis. As residents and/or 
citizens of the US we have become 
accustomed to the thoughUess use 
of resources which are valuable 
and appreciated luxuries in many, 
if not most other countries. These 
include natural fuel, (another 
limited resource, more necessary 
in colder parts or the world, and 
something we will realize In. 
time ... ) and water as well as many 
others. 

The point I am trying to get 
across Is that a lot of water is 
currently being wasted at UCSD 
and that If we care about others 
who need it more, this waste is 
unjustifiable. 

will name one specificaUy, as1 am 
hoping to elicit some inter-campus 
cooperation whicb wlll be 
necessary to our success. 

Here we have toilets all over the 
place! While the SOIItbland as a 
whole is supposed to be trying to 
nush less water down the drain, I 
have yet to see an unflushed toilet 
at UCSD! This suggests to me one 
of two things, either that we are 
using our toilets only for "serious 
business," (a term I use only to 
respect the tender ears of some 
people) or that we are wasting a lot 
of water on just this one point! 

A sign I saw in one bathrootn, 
which brought a smile and which I 
considered to be more than graffiti 
said: 

"Save H2O! 
If it's pee, let it be. 

Basically, what we need to do to If It's brown, flusb it down." 
remedy this is to think about what Whether or not the joke is foony 
we are doing. If every person to you, the point is valid! I don't 
would ask himself each day. "What think we would be offending others 
have I done to conserve water or that we should be embarrassed 
today?" we could realize some of ourselves to not flush when it isn't 
the everyday wasteful things we really necessary, in the interest of 
do. Rules, without increased I our fellow human beings. This Is 
consciousness, are not helpful only one suggestion. 
enough. So first, let us look more I think that If we all think about. 
closely at ourselves and make an this problem, and discuss it in our 
effort to conserve water! various departments, we will see 

Secondly, let us look at the ways many others. Let's make the ef· 
peculiar to the work or school fort! 
envirorunent which waste water. I M.ItlMBERLY SMI'I1f 

ANY lOANS Y£/? 

open Letters 

Reinstate Will Wright 
Dea r Dr. Saltman: 

As a sta ff member and student at 
UCSD, I am voicing my opinion 
regarding Professor Will Wright. 
On the Staff Development 
Program I have been taking one 
credited Sociology course each 
quarter since 1973. ~aving gra~ed 
the corridors of higher learnmg 
since 1950, I have never found a 
professor more dedicated to the 
care, motivation, and thought· 
provoking inquiry of the student 
than Professor Wright. Not only 

We received these two letters 
coucemlng ProfcsHr WiD Wript 
from Dorta JODeS, a UCSD _taft 
member aDd_tude •. 

Sociology 143, taught by Professor 
Wright, is overflowing with eager 
students, attempting to make some 
scnse out of the current social 
s ituations. We don 't have to attend 
class, but we do . I have never 
relished writing a term paper but 
in this class 1 am looking forward 
to the assignment with high ex-
pectations from myself to put out 
an intelligent, well·thought-out 
paper. I feel that anyone who can 
command this much respect from 
his students is worth keeping. I 
also feel that it wo Id be a grave 
mistake for UCSD to permit the 
slipping through of its fingers of 
such magnificent talent in the field 
of higher education as possessed 
by Will Wright. 

Commentary 

does he stimulate his students to 
healthy thought but he also 
remains with the pertinent 
question until it is delved into on a 
much deeper level than mere class 

. entertainment. 
I have found most of his classes 

to be very depressing yet I have 
come away with a feeling of 
gratitude that someone is exposing 
social problems in an intelligent 
manner. Possibly this way they 
can be dealt with. This quarter 

Won't you please seriously 
consider giving your students at 
UCSD the benefits of associating 
with and learning from Professor 
Wright? I strongly urge you to give 
the students at UCSD the high 
caliber educational opportunities 
that they so much desire by 
keeping Professor Wright on the 
faculty at UCSD. 

Prof Turned Shoe Salesman? 
Thank you in advance for your 

time, consideration, and attentive 
pursuit into this pressing situation. 

OORIS M. JONES 

• • • • • • 

Dear Dr. Davis : 
Using my innate right as a student 
to demand quality education, I 
question the decision of the faculty 
of the Sociology Department to 
release Professor Will Wright from 
his enormous contribution toward 
higher education here at UCSD. 
Intending no cynicism at all, I 
wonder about the selective process 
for faculty members. Students 
enrolled in Professor Wright's 
classes respect his leading role in 
exposing the inner machinations of 
the power structure in the United 
Statee as well as his inciteful expos~re on the exploitation of the 
innocent. . 
Tn an effort to find an acceptable 

A. Alan Post.. 

tactic to persuade you to recon-
sider Professor Wright's right to be 
here I would like to invite you to 
see 'firsthand Dr. Wright's ef· 
fective appeal with the students 
before you make your decision on 
his, as well as our, future here at 
UCSD. 

As you well know, a month ago, I 
asked Dr. Paul Saltman to pursue 
this issue. At this time, I am urging 
you to seriously consider a fair 
appraisal of Professor Wright. 
With all due respect, 

OORIS M. JONES 
Student 

UCSD 

Coutinued from Page 8 
his decision to retire then from the Legislative Analyst's posi.tion . . " 

" I have real traumatic withdrawal symptoms about leavlnl( ~hls ,o~. 
Post said. " I am still young and vigorous and interested enoul(h m thiS Job 
lhat I have mixed emotions about leaving it." 

Post said he is nol interested in working for the state again . He has no 
desire to go to Washington, although he was offered a j~b there 1IS 
assistant secretary of Health, Education and Welfare under Nixon. . 

" I'd like to do some teaching again," he said. "I came out ofteachmg. [ 
enjoy it and I think I have something to contribut~ because of the ex· 
perience I have gained." . ' 

Whoever takes over Post's job as Legislative Analyst Will have a d,.f. 
ficult time trying to fill his shoes. But John Vickerman. Post's chief 
deputy for nearly 20 years, seems to have the best shot at it. . . 

" John Vickerman has had alomost twenty years of service In the of· 
fice, in an executiv~ capacity in the last four or fi.ve ye.ars, and is my 
principal deputy," Post said. "I would expect certamly him and some of 

Coutinued OD Page 10 

by Robert Perloff 
fromAPA Morutor 

March, l977 
Had it really been as long as ten 

years ago since she had ta.ken his 
terrific course? It seemed like only 
yesterday. He was the most mind· 
blowing professor she'd ever had, . 
kindling in her a passion for 
psychology and a curio~ity about 
behavior that sustained her 
through what WQuid have other-
wise been an insufferably 
lackluster semester. You can 
imagine her shock, therefore, 
when she encountered him selling 
shoes in the mall, at Fishman's. 
"What are you doing here?" she 
asked incredulously . " You 
probably don't remember . me. I 
had you in Psych 214 durmg my 
sophomore year at State. You were 
the most stimulating and mar· 
velous and supportive teacher I 
ever had. What 's a psyc~ology 

The TrIton T,mes is published by UCSD 
students as Ihe ollicial s tudent 
newspaper. Publicalton Is on Mondays, 
Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular school year ~except on ollicial 
holidays) . Editorial and business ollices 
are located in the Student Center at the 
University of California. San Diego. For 
editorial , call 452·3466: for bUSiness and 
display advertIsi ng , call 452·3468. 

Lett",s to the edi tor and opinion 
columns are welcomed . All submiSSions 
must be typed and double·spaced on a 
74-space line. They should not exceed' · 
1/2 pages In length . 

Submitted matenal must bear the 
name and student iden tif ical,on number 
of the author. Names can be wtltneld 
from publication on request : however the 
names W'II be held on file for public 
inspection. 

The TrIton Tunes reserves the right to 
edit submissions because of space 
limitations or style requireroonts. 

Entire contents copyright 1977. the 
Triton Tim • • 

s ... vlna .orlb COunly lod UCSO ••• 

charMr' 
Ov" 7118 cit ..... ~nct IIIG2 s.n Diego', 
most expeflenced Chanef Co 
EUROPE from '327 

..,. ...... ·71 
2.3.0 .~.6 " 20 _, dill..." 10 9 Cl1lt$ 
No ckJOS 10 lOin, no I ... Ind SAVE I. flO'It 
HAWAII from '179 

Alto Mow v"",,. CIt""llO. 0._ 

--............ ,... .... 

PREVENTIVE OPTOMETRY 
Specializing in Water Soluble 
and Flexible Contact Lenses 

OrthokeratolJ 
Visual Perception 

J ISO Camino 0.1 Mar Suire 8 0.1 Mar 
For on Appoinrmenr 755-5484 

professor doing in shoes?" 
It no longer pained him to talk 

about it. After all, he had been in 
ladies shoes for five years already. 
His adjustment had been 
facilitated by the Panglossian 
philosophy that what must happen 
will happen, and that when it does 
it will be the best thing that could 
have happened. "I'm pleased that 
you recognized me after all these 
years. Let me tell you why [ 
relinquished my professorship and 
how I was born again-don't 
laugh-as a salesman. 

"Several years ago I was given 
the Distinguished Teaching Award 
al the convention that 
psychologists hold each year. On 
the flight back to State I could 
hardly wait for congratulations 
from my family and colleagues. 
Chimerical as it now appears, I 
even fantasized a welcoming 

committee of town and gown 
dignitaries, like the mayor, the 
university preSident, the ~rts and 
sciences dean , and a student 
delegation. It turned out that no 
one greeted me at the airport, but 
it was the diMer hour and the days 
were becoming shorter as people 
were preparing for the fall 
semester. 

" What happened next is not to be 
believed. My colleagues never did 
congratulate me for the teaching 
award. Worse still, they went out of 
their way to ignore me. The 
psychology faculty squirmed in 
torturous embarrassment at the 
thought that their reputations as 
hotshot researchers were 
irrepa rably tarnished by the 
. econd-rate image which my in-
famous award reflected. I became 
a nonperson. 

Continued on Page 10 

ATTENTION 
UCSD 

EMPLOYEES 
BUY AT WHOLESALE PRICE + 5% 

Emloyees of the UnIverSIty of CalIfornIa , Son DIego and theIr 
spouse ore eligible to buy al the PRICE CLUB at WHOLESA LE PRICE 
PLUS 5 PER CENT. Employee 10 requlfed . 
Food, Appl,ances, Housewares, Hardware, Sport Ing Goads, Folm 
ond Film DevelopIng , Cameras , Candy, Tobacco, AutomotIve, Tlfes, 
OffIce Suppl ies, Janitorial Suppl ies. Gardening, Health and Beauty 
Pet Foad , Siereo, Unfonished Furnilure, MOlor A ppllonces. 
Prite Club Hours: 

Mon.-Fn. 12 noon·8 :30 p . m .• Soturday 9 :30 o . m .-6 p m 

PRICE CLUB 
4605 MORENA BLVD., SAN DIEGO, CA 921 17, (714) 275·1012 

AUTO -
INSlJRANCE 

STUDENTS 
OUR 

SPECIALTY 

Insurance Center 
of San Diego 

PHONE 

* 275-1042 * 
FOR QUOTE 



triton times til hy. AJrilf. un 

Works 0 Ruth Landay 
Fir e Art in the Science Library 

by Debbie Sdnrartz 
StaffWrHer 

How often we find the smaU 
inspirations that give us en-
joyment, and insight into life, in 
the most unlikely places! Each one 
of us has at some time ur another 
been touched by a verse of grarfiti 
scrawled across as wall or the tune 
of a merry whistling busdriver. 
One doesn't have to read a classic 
or go to a symphony to enjoy a 
renewed look at life. And there is 

, 

no law reservlng valid art for 
musewps and galleries. 

For instance, here on campus 
you can find some interesting fine 
art in a science building. Many 
students who use the Science and 
Engineering Library in Urey Hall 
are undoubtedly aware of this , for 
the showcases lining the entrance 
ha 11 to the library are presently 
filled with some delightful pain-
tings, collages, and line drawings 
by a local artist, Ruth Landay. 

These pieces of artwork , all done 

HOURS: 10-9 Mon-Fri 10-& Sat 12- 5 Sufi 

Bananall Love Seat. 

. 

30% off S"B1!e.red Retail Price. 
New Am",": Men's Fashion. 
Come on Over. Grab a Pair! 

Juniors & Children selected lmper1ecta 

at 
The Fiuing Room 

5887 University Ave. 
287-9160 

within the past ten years, are the 
culmination of some 50 years of life 
experiences encompassing what 
Landay refers to as a vastly 
"expanded landscape." Born in 
1917 in New York , Landay was 
largely self-taught and greatly 
influenced by the post-
impressionists of the 1930s. She 
attended the University of Buffalo 
and, after moving to California, 
received her BA in Art from UC 
Santa Barbara. She taught art in 
the California public school 
system, retired and is now a full-
time independent artist. 

The display consists of acrylic 
paintings, pen and ink drawings, 
pastels, watercolors and collages. 
The drawings develop th~ir fonns 
through the cultivation of con-
tinuous, nowing, curvilinear lines, 
which are also evident in the 
paintings. Landay's works also 
portray the influence of abstract 
and German expressionism and 
many of her forms and shapes are 
distorted for the purpose of fonnal 
and stylistic exploration. 

Structure manifests itself in 
Landay's work. Many of her 
drawings bring to mind the 
molecular or cellular framework 
which underlies the physical 
world. Landay sees this structural 
element in her art as an 
" awareness' of expanded world 
vision," which rapidly developed 
during her lifetime through science 
and technology. 

Landay offers this advice to 
aspiring art students : " Do a lot of 
WOrk, be aware of what is hap-
pening in the art world, and allow 
yourself to be influenced as much 

a~ possible by professors." She 
feels that one has one's entire life 
to develop individual potentials. 

Original Theater Show 
Chronicles Story of Chinese 
In 19th Century America 
Golden Mountain. an original dance-theater piE'ce C'rE'iltE'C1 t"IV YE'n 

Lu Wong. will be presented for six performance beginnin!1 thl' wppk in 
the plaza of the Salk Institute (10010 N. Torrey Pines Rri . Li'I ,InIl1l) 
under the auspices of the UCSD drama departm ent. 

The performances will begin at 6 pm. April R·]o anri AprillS·17 
According to Wong. who conceived . choreogri1phecl i'lnri riirpc-tpn thp 

work. Golden Mountain tells "in the metaphors of mnvpmE'nt. vi'u1l1 
imagery and sound the story of the people who camE' tn thp llnitpci Stiltp< 
as 'coolie labor' in nameless cargo ships and were thpmst>lvE'< nilmplp« to 
the off icials. the foremen. the managers and the power mi\!1l1i'1tp,< who 
dominated their lives. 

Musicians from the UC San Diego Center for Music F.xpE'rimpnt . h"vp 
created new instruments and sound compOSitions fnr "Gotclpo Mnun· 
tain ." 

Costumes. props and masks. according to Wong ."sh<'lrp ilnri mnlrl iI 
succession of images against a back drop of sea . sky imclthp <p ttin 'l "lin . 
surrounded by the monumental architecture of thp Salk In<titlltp .. 

Tickets for the production are $2. For information <'Inri rp<prvi'ltinn<. 
call the UCSD Theatre ticket office. 452-4574 or 4S2-:~7ql . nnnn tn 4 
pm . Monday·Friday. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

I' lie been incarcerated for the post 
four years and would enjoy ex· 
changing letters with ma ture 
minded students. If you respond, a 
photo would be considered on 
odditional pleasure. Write : Mayo 
W . Turner, II , Box 1000, Butner, NC 
275W 

••.............................. 

· 
· 
· . 

· 
· 
· 

983 India 
327 F Street -

: PAYSDONORS 
· 
· . ~ 
· 
· • 

· 

· 
· 

for Service 
Mon_ - Fri. 
233-5481 
234-4601 

· 
........•...••............••.•.. 

Get out and Pitch In! 
National Coliege"Pitch In!" Week sponsored 
by Budweiser: and ABC Radio is April 18 - 22. 
All you have to do is get out and 
Pitch Inl Get your fraternity, 
sorority or orgapization to pick 
up or paint up on campus or in 
your community. Then document 
your efforts with snapshots, films, 
press coverage, reports or diaries. 

Pitc~ 
I "r! n -illU n 

Your group can really aid the 
community, and the best projects 
are eligible for some terrific edu-
cational awards and commemo-
rative " P itch Inl" T-shirts. So, 
please, get out and Pitch Inl Help 
make this year's campaign the 
best ever. 

PRECISION cunlNG 
SKINCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A complete Red .... Salon 

3251 Holiday Ct. 

l.ll. 

Fer .'" IIlf.r1IIItiIlI: CHtIct ,., .... If ...... AchItIn ...... ta 
"PItcIIIII'" Wille, o.,t. C, ABC "'.,1330 A_, If AIIIfIcII, .... ytrk, NY lOlli, 

KtNG Of 8lUSt. - ANHlUSlR· 8USCH. tHC (Void ....... prohibited '" t..., 

HI.ht by La .101 .. Vii .... Inn 
451-0610 

10'''1 DISCOUNT 
<- wit" Sludent Of FtcuUy .0 

.i.. erlfIQlhl.: .. coupon ... i ~~ .~ 

......... IIIII'S 

IITango~' at the Corter--A Tragic 
Force from Behind the Iron Curtdin 

by Margaret Hewey 
Staff wrtter 

Nobody seems to mind_that thE! 
house looks like a dump. Or that 
dad parades around in pajamas all 
day with his fly open. Or that Mom 
is having an affair with the ser-
vant, who plays poker and guzzles 
booze instead of working-. 

They're just Bohemians bucking 
convention. After all, it took them 
years d rebelling against con-

formity and order so they could 
enjoy these fruits of freedom and 
anarchy. But what happens when 
there aren't any conventions left to 
rebel against - when it all becomes 
passe' to be Bohemian? 

Contrary to the connotations of 
the title, Tango is not a porno play 
or a story about dancing. It's 
political farce/tragedy by Polish 
play write Salwomir Mrozek and it 
makes a serious point about in-
dividual freedom under a comic 

Helen Wilson I/eft1 portrays the girl friend of Hugh Monahan . surprising him 
by sleeping under a table all night in "Tango . .. which concltlded its run last 
nigh t at the Carter Centfe stage. 

Consciousness Raised Through 
Light and Space in Art 

surface. 
Here we go again--another 

political/intellectual Cassius 
Carter Center Stage production. 
Director Craig Noel notes that 
"this play's more substantive 
values reflect that throughout 
history, mankind is continuously 
intimidated and threatened · by 

. many forms of tyranny in the 
unceasing pursuit of personal 
liberty and individual freedom." 

But fortunately the play is not all 
business-there's comedy to jazz-it-
up, making it more bearable. And 
playwrite Mrozek worked hard at 
making this piece as madcap and 
shocking as possible. In fact, he 
had to nee Poland when Com-
munist authorities banned Tango 
after its premiere in 1965-the 
audience recognizing it as political 
satire. 

Director Craig Noel also worked 
. hard at making the scenes as 
comic and incongruous as possible, 
and ofthen succeeded. Designer 
Brigitte Sitte contributed wittily 
with her set and costumes. 

Set in pre-World War II Poland, 
the play involves the conflicting 
ideals of a conservative, · con-
ventional son and his Bohemian, 
free-spirited family. Arthur (Hugh 
Monaha n) is sick ofthe dlsorder. 

And no wonder, Grandfather's 
easet is still in the livingroom, an 
old baby carriage and mother's 
wedding dress are dumped behind 
the couch, junk and family relics 
are strewn all over the place. 

As for the family members-they 
are a ludicrous, motley g roup. 
Eleanor (Elaine Ludlow) and 
Stomil (Chris Shaffer) are the 
perfect Bohemian parents. They 
meander aimlessly throughout the 

by Debbie Schwartz house , Stomil with his mad ex-
Staff Writer periments and Eleanor with her 

Look! Over there ... is it an object? Is it a reflection? Is it an illusion? affair with Eddie (Ken McKnight). 
It's ... LIGHT! What is this mysterious phenomenon that is so essential The oldtimers, Uncle Eugene 
to our existence, but that we know so little about? (Bertram TansweU) and Aunt 

Light has been the subject and medium for many west coast artists Eugenia (Helen McHenry) are also 
recently and it was also the subject of a recent enUGHTening lecture at preoccupied with seedy Eddie in 
the La Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art. poker games. And Arthur's cousin 

Melinda Wortz, Director of the University Art Gallery atUe Irvine and Ala (Helen Wilson ) leisurely 
west coast editor of Art News, discussed the use of light and space in wanders around in her nightgown 
contemporary works of art. Sbe grounded her lecture on the premise that and sleeps under the dining room 
the perception d light and sJl8:ce involves a spiritual dimension capable table. 
of inducing higher states of consciousnesS in the perceiver. Arthur decides to clean up their 

Wortz introduced her explanation of this premise with a short act. He assumes the role of dictator 
developmental history of abstraction in art. She adequately theorized in the first two acts, ticking off 
that "abstract art nourishes in times when dissatisfaction with the changes he wants made in a 
material world preva Us" in a society. Among her examples were ancient planning notebook. Step one is to 
Egyptians, who were preoccupied with an afterlife, as well as the 20th marry Ala and make a respectable 
century fascination with higher levels of consciousness. and decent woman of her. Step two 

Moadrlan and Kandln8ky is to order his father to shoot Eddie 
Slides of works by Mondrian and Kandinsky made it clear that a search in the name of honor. 

for freedom from objectivity and a feeling for purity, unity and harmony Both plans flop and Arthur 
in fonns led these • 'fathers" of abstraction from representational begins to rant and rave by the third 
painting. Mondrian's compositions nurture the "underlying universality act. Naturally he's upset tnat 
of nature in a cosmic sense," in the same way that Kandinsky portrays a things aren't going smoothly-but 
" search for nothingneas" in reference to the liberated state of mind his jumping on the dining table and 
reached through meditation. In these pure and abstract fonns, Wortz sputtering his grievance prooves 
feels that "art boils down to perceptual experience." tiring. Monahan 's attempt at 

Art.1 Ezperletlce playing Arthur drunk is feeble, 

Disguised as a nurse. an Arab te rrorist [Marthe Keller] warily lealles the 
hospital elevator after k illing Israeli agent [Steven Keats1 in Paramollnt 
Pictures' Black Sunday . Keller is joined in her starring role bv Robert Show . 
a nd Bruce Oem in the film. produced bv Robert Evans and directed hv John 
Fronkenheimer. Black Sunday is ploVing ot the Valley Circle Theater In 
Mission Valley. 

YOGURT Yi:1 KING 
7643 Girard 459-9809 

Rabbits n' Roses 
Special!!! 

no conlHllO win! no queedolH to an •• err 

A Free .Easter Bunny 
f.~~ 'or &\uta, 14" hi,k i. ,our " hokf 01 
F",~"',..Rn,hl ~ . bl~ (fft'" pnw or VtIlO'o! 

with every purchase of a len dollar 
"Yogurt King Gift Certificate" 

• • • 1," •• -.1 Girt Ca1:ir~. 1r , ... nn..- a,ain.nd .... ~ •• 
eV'fryd_ ou'''l'Y~rt Ki~ 

And for Loven and Sweethearts 
Htwf,~·~.,.bod,. -.11 the ... orieI io¥f'I' to- .. r 

aM e'W"f'" "" .tt' ". a1o tdtw..", 

Free Easter Rose 

at Carrie's Flowers 
7i65 Cirard 454-3535 La ,oU.·. r. ___ " , ..... rappect,.... 

aft .. w_h" .. "' ilh Carrw· .. 
wilt. ewry J*~tt 01 • fi~ dol l.r 1t1l ~ttirtHte IroN Yo,un KI",. 

In the realm of painting as a visual experience rather than as an Continued on Page' 

v.tlnaedODPa.~lie~li·~~iji'l~~~~~~~~~~~~~~iiii~iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~~~~~~~jg~~~iiiiii~ 

.~. WEDNESDAY 5:30 Mass at Church 7:30 Communal Penance Service 
[at Church] 

HOL Y THURSOA Y 
6:00 Seder Supper, at Student 
Center, Bldg. C_ 
GOOO FRIDAY 
12 - 3 Ecumenical Seven Last 
Words Service, at Church. 
[Includes scripture, homilies, 
music, and medltatlon1 

5:30 - 7:00, Catholic Good 
Friday Services at the 
Intematlonal Center 

EASTER 
HOLY SATURDAY 
11:00 PM, Easter Vigil at Church 
SUNDAY 
8:30 Mass at Church 
10:30 Mass on Campus 
[N. Conf. Rm. of Student Center] 

UCSD 
CATHOLIC 
'COMMUNITY 



..... I rtt. •• II ... "IIoi 

TII1IO- been lost in the translation cI. the play .U's true that the first two acts 
were hilarious and many cI the 
lines were comic gems-but it was 
difficult to appreciate the full 
meaning, the political satire. 

Happy anarchy was dominated 
by one dictatorship which was 
finally dominated by another-acts 
of defiance apparent thourghout. 
And the final act of defiance was 
the lango-to dance the tango was 
daring in Stomil and Eleanor's 
time and they danced it frequently. 
And the tango is dance by the 
reigning power figure in the end. 

c.tIIIW!C! Pale I 
Things start ge ing serious, but 

unfortunately the udience is still 
tempted to laugb i aD off. After aD, 
the play has betn laugh atfter 
laugh until now. Il'he tragic mood is 
just not brought off right, even 
when two chIl.racters die-one 
almost comicly knocked off by 
Eddie. (It just wasn't a convincing 
death-the character stiU moved 
slightly while others proclaimed 
him to be dead.) 

Surely something must have 

Happy anarchy was dominated 
by one dictatorship which was 
finaDy dominated by allOther-acts 
of defiance apparent throughout. 
And the final act of defiance was 
the tangcHo dance was daring in 
Stomil and Eleanor's time and they 

. danced it frequently. And the tango 
is danced by the reigning power 
figure in the end. 

But in a free society Top is not 
as easy to relate to and perhaps 
that was why the conclusion 
seemed so meaningless and 
melodramatic. A better choice in 
material should have been made. 

URIII AID RURAL STUDIES 
Spring COurses Ira Opan 

10 III Siudenis 
The IOlIoWlnl list 01 courses 1111 III olhnd bY Ihl 
IJrban and .. ral Studies Program durlnllhl Sorlnl 
Quarter 1977. II YOU havI any ..noos rIIIardlna 
any allhe courses, 0188S1 _laCilhe ua Offtce, 
411 MaHhews Camous, Elt.-lIon 3692. 

UR~ IPRlla QUIRTER SCIIE_E 
26 COmpartl .. POllllcs Ind Developmanl (lender) 
41 InlroduCilon 10 Human care ler,lces (Igubo) 

130 Melropoilian De,elopmenl Ind InllYlls (Ilembledl) 
140 lIOuslng En,lormenl (ilamblada) 
147 Inlluences on Heallll IYliem (lulh) 
148 lulrillon-U.S.I. (Iealren) 
1521 Personal and Social De,elopmenl (Thomal) 
153 SOCIal,. Moll,allon Ind Persona Illy (Thomal) 
159 The Urban Underclass (BlumberD) 
186 Fieldwork In Urban and Rural Siudies (Igubo) 
190 Senior Semlnll' (Ilembladl) 
198 IlreCied Group IIUdY (lIalO 
199 Indapendenl SIUdy (11110 

. 

• 26: COmparallve PallUcs and O8lelOOll18nl 
IISTIlUCTOR: Jerry Bander, Lecturer 

In InlerdlSClplinary approaCh 10 lIIe Ilud, 01 comPlrlll,e polllics. 
The course will emphasize selected Illues 01 de,loPllllnl and 
Chlnga. wllllspeclII emPhlsls on couniries ollhe Tllird WOrld. 

PREREQUISITES: lone 
Tuesdays I Thul'sdays 1:00-2:30 p,m. TLH 111 

• 1121: Personal and SOCIal 0811100liliiii 
~ISTIII£TOR: Charles W. Thomas, Prolessor 

I lecture -dllCUlllon course on the human Ilia IPan 11'011 birth .. 
younl 8dUlihOOd. COnlenl lraal Include: perional-llclailialel 
Ind adaPlive procliles lor InlanCY and IlrlY Chlld.ood. Childhood. 
adolelcence Ind YOUnD adullllood. 

PREREQUIITlEI: PaYCh 101-I-e Dr permllSlon ollnllraClor. 
Tueadlrs I Thursdan 8:00- 9:20 1.11. IPM 2250 

Dr. Littleman 

Dear Doe: III what field do yoa 
bold year dldente? 

Left field . Seriously, I hold my 
doctorate in Foolosophy, i.e. a 
Foo. D. There are many examples 
of foolosophy, and they are found in 
many places. Witness the 
following. 

I know this saxophone player 
who is as good as any I've ever 
heard. He also sings like an angel. 
He does both as a living. Recently, 
I asked him to go hunting with me 
and he said, 'I'm no good at that. I 
just can't get the hang of it.' Fine. 
Can't be good at everything. He 
didn't feel inadequate, he didn 't 
stay home reading "The Joys of 
Hunting" in order to become a 
great shooter. He just ignored it. 

But if a pretty young lady had 
asked him if he would like to go to 
bed with her, is there any chance 
that he-or anyone else-would have 
said, "No thanks, I'm not good in 
bed. You go on to bed without me"? 

Just as aD of us in this country 
can't possibly be pro golfers like 
Arnie, it's fairly certain that the 
men among us can't be aU God's 
gift to women when it comes to 
performance in bed. Just as in 
every other skill, there must be a 
vast groundwork of average lays to 
support those few who are 
dynamite in the sack and who lord 
over those who are just plain lousy. 
But somehow we've gotten this 
notion into our heads that if we hold 
our mouth right, smile a lot, read 
the right books and think pure 
thoughts, every last man of us can 
make the girls see comets blazing 
in the dead of night. 
. I doubt it. ... So what we have is a 
staggering population represented 
by a prototype who is a relatively 
poor screw and either totally 
unaware of it or seriously anxious 
about it and buying up books and 
devices , learning the gentle art of 
massage, reading "How to Pick Up 
Sheep" and what have you-
ignorant of the fact that he will go 
to the grave pretty much the same 
run-of-the-mill bed partner he was 
when he first fogged up the win-
dows of his dad's Chevrolet. 

If you're one of those people, you 
may not even know it. And with 
every one talking about sex so 
openly, it's amazing the subject of -

Good vs. Bad never comes up, so to 
speak. You can do whatever'kind of 
sex play your perversion can think 
up, and it makes perfectly 'ac-
ceptable cocktail talk. But mention 
how rotten your technique is (not to 
be confused with impotence-you 
can do it, sure, you're simply no 
damm good at it) and see what 
happens. In fact, it's almost as bad 
as admitting you can't play ten-
nis .... 

There seems to be little we can 
do to improve the quality of 
screwing in this country, short of 
appointing panels of men and 
women to Test Screw samples of 
the population as it reaches the age 
of consent. Those found lacking 
would, of course, be put to sleep. 
Because when you give it serious 
thought, it is a problem deserving 
national attention. Suppose the 
Russians are better in bed? Are we 
going to allow a Schlup Gap to 
develop? 

Probably the best think to do is 
just admit the average truth and 
learn to love it. After all, any 
nation that can learn to love 
Jolumy Carson, General Motors , 
The New York TImes, Linda 
Lovelace and McDonald's aU in 
one century can't be demanding 
too much in the clinch. So drop the 
machinery and philosophy and just 
go get Mc~id. 

Watch for more foolosophy from 
far-fetched sources in the future . 

SHERUT LA' AM 
You can work In your 

profession, make ute of your 
skiDs and, alltle same lime, 
e~nce and understand 

Israel. SheNt La' am Is a two 
way program - you can give 

and you get. After an intensive 
'ulpan' (HebnIw course), you 

wli live and wortc in a 
davelopment town where, 

unlike II tour1st, you become an Integral pert 
of the community. Teachers, docton,lOdaI 

workers, nurMI, dentists, urban planners, 
technldanl, etc. -If you have !Ix months to 

a year and If Y,OtI want to ruIy know, 
understand, and exper1enc:e ...... JoIn 

Sherut La'em. 
SIlent La'_, A...-.. ZIoaIet 

y ............ .. 
65.5 ........ ......,.14 .. .. 
Lo.A ....... ea ......... ,.... 

213-e&5-•• 28 . 
-------------------------

For Inform.tton, ......... nd to the .bow ... -. 
~me ______________________ ~~.L-__ __ 

~~--' ------------------------------
o~ ______ ~ __ ~ __ __________ ~~ ___ __ 

Un~~ _________________ .......:. ______ ....,.-,:~ 
IUSD-SLI 

Mo"'" AprIle, It'n I rllulli h'III'S Page 7 
-

hat's On: 44-410 

Monday 
4 pm - .Hlgh EIIergy Physics Seminar-

Speaker: Dr. Sidney Coleman, Harvard University 
Topic : The Uses of Instantons - Lecture I 
Location: HL 1148 

5-9 pm - Bh1b Control CUnic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap Session at 
7 pm. AU Welcome. Student Health. Call 452-2669. 

7:30 pm - Peasant Art In The People's Republic of ChlDa. Slide presentation of out-
standing paintingS by spare-time peasant artists; also demonstration of art of U.S. China 
People's Friendship Assoc. Info. 459-4650. Mission Hills First Congregational Church . Jack-
daw & Fort Stockton. 

8-11 pm -lsneU Folk Daaee-welcome back! Jeff will review tonight. A few surprises this 
quarter-watch for them! Rec . Gym Conf. Room. . " 

9:15 pm - MoDday Night Movlet'A Man For All Seasons. A film about Thomas Moore, a 
fiery 16th century statesman who had a superb facility for adhering to good. Starring Paul 
Scofield, Robert Shaw, and Orson Welles. Muir 5 & Dime. 

Tuesday 
3:30 pm - Mini-retreat: prayer and discussion. University-Community Church. 
4 pm - High Eaergy Seminar (See below) 
4:30 pm - NearoscieDces Department SemInar. Speaker: Dr. Jack Lilien, Dept. of 

Zoology, University of Wisconsin at Madison . TopiC: "Multiple Components Involved in Cell 
Recognition and Adhesion" . 2100 Basic Science Building. 

9 pm - Bh1b Control Clbdc. Counseling, information, and appointments . Rap Session at 7 
pm. All welcome. Student Health. CaD 452-2669. 

6-7 pm - ACLU MeetIDl. Urgent: aU members please attend! Coffee Hut. 
7 pm - Flnt SpriDg Qaarter Meeting- Get involved in the formation of a responsive , 

responsible campus newspaper. East Conference Room. 
8:15 pm - "Eros In America: All EveniDJ with Max Lerner," world wide syndicated 

columnist, and gifted writer. Presented by tfc San Diego Extension. Temple Beth Israel, 
25123rd Ave., San Diego. Fee: $5, regular: $2.50,studenis with valid J.D. 

1 pm - SoUd State 8emtDar 
Speaker: Dr. N.Y. Ohm, University of Florida 
Topic: Elementary Excitations in Molecules 
Location: AP&M 2113 

4 pm - HIib EDero PhYlics Semlnar-
Speaker: Dr. Sidney Coleman, Harvard University 
Topic: The Uses of Instantons - Lecture II 
Location: USB 3010 

Wednesday 
12 noon - LUebeaD I~*letbtr. Everybody invited! Groundwork Books. 
4:30 pm - Bb1Il Cootro1 CUale. Counseling, information, and appointments. Call 452-2669 

or drop by. Student Health. 
2 pm High Energy Physics Seminar· 

Speaker: Dr. Sidney Coleman, Harvard University 
Topic : The Uses of Instantons - Lecture III 
Location: MH3405 

4 pm - CoIl .. alum 
Speaker: Dr. Robert Wilson, Director of Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory 
Topic: Quest for Quarks, etc., at Fermilab 
Location: USB 2822 

Thursday 
"Gemstones-Their Lure and Lore," first of six Thursday evening ~e~sions covers the 
history values and identifying characteristics of all the gemstones. Offered by UC San Diego 
Extension. Fee : $39. For further information, phone 452-3400. 

2-4:30 pm - Birth Coatrol Clinic. Counseling, infonnation, and appointments . Can 452-2669 
or drop by. Student Health. 

4 pm - AstrophYIIC8-Space Physics SemiDar -
Speaker: Dr. Ben Zuckerman, Caltech, UCLA , and University of Maryland 
Topic: Molecular Envelopes Around Evolved Stars 
Location : TLH 104 

4 pm - AMf'.s Fluid MecbaDlcs Seminar. Dr. T .F. Morse , Brown University, Providence, 
R.I. , "A Kinetic Description of Nonlinear Radiative Processes in Gases." 7104 Urey Hall . 

4-5 pm - eth CoOege Writing Program lOB Lecture: "Trends in Disease Incidence, 
Prevention and Control". Speaker : Dr. Harold Simon, Associate Dean, School of Medicine, 
uam. USB 2722. 

6 pm - Holy Thursday Mass and supper. Bldg. "C", Student Center. 
6:30 pm -Passover Dinner with Holy Communion. R .S.V.P. today. April 4, 1977, clo 

Campus Pastor John Huber , 453-0061 or 459-8855. UCSD International Center, Matthews 
Campus. 

7 pm - If you want to grow closer to our Blessed Savior Jesus Christ you can come and 
learn about The Book of Mormon at the Institute Class and LOS Club meeting. Little white 
house across the street from Tioga hall on La Jolla Farms Rd. 

7 :30 pm - Meeting of all people interested in working in our finding out about Earth Day 
1977 to be held April 22 on Revelle Plaza. North Conference Room, Student Center. 

Friday 
12noon-3 pm - Three Hour ["Tre Ore"] Good FrIday Worship Service based on the Seven 

Last Words on the Cross, arranged in seven 25-minute segments of music and meditation, 
each led by a different UCSD campus minister (Catholic and Protestant) . University-
Community Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

2-4 :30 pm - Birth Control ClinJc . Counseling, information and appointments . Call 452-2669 
or drop by. Student Health. 

2 pm - Center for Music Experiment Colloquium Series: Daniel Charles , a Cage 
Specialist and Philosopher will speak on "John Cage". 408 Matthews Campus. Free. 

3 pm - PbUosophy Colloquium. Professor Keith Lehrer, University of Arizona, Tucson, 
" Reid's Influence on Contemporary American and British Philosophy". Revelle Formal 
Lounge . 

5:30 pm - Good Friday Service and simple dinner. International Center. 
7:30 pm - Good Friday Tenebrae service witb CommuDlon, Choir, solo by Deborah 

Kavasch and message by Pastor John Huber . University-Community Church. 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dr. 

Saturday 
7: 30 pm - Evening of polltlcal music. Everyone invited, bring you r songs. instrument,>, or 

just your~eU to sit around and make or listen to music. Groundwork Books, free . 
11 pm - Holy Saturday Vlgil·mass. University-Comrnunity Church. 

Sund~y 
8:30 am - Easier Sunday Mass. University-Community Church. 
10:30 am - Easter Sunday Mass. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
10 am _ Lutheran Easter Festival with CommunJon, Choir. Trumpets and solo by 

Stephen Scot-Shepherd; message by Pastor John Huber. University-Community Church. 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 



..... tritOB tiJae8. 

• tin tember 

lative Analyst A. Alan Post: A Man for All Seasons 
bya-p ....... the work they do. 

Siaerame .. CelTespoINeat Through the years, the people on his staff have become 
experts in their individual fields, Post said. His job Is to 

Legislative Analyst A. Alan Post exerts a strong, but quiet focus the staff /WI problema and make sure their reports are 
influence over the slate government. The power of his office well~nstructed, extremely accurate and unbiased. 
has become so great that it has been called the fourth branch "u this office doesn't have credibility for its objectivity, 
of California's government. And although he technically for its nonpartlsanship and for the quality olits professional 
works for 120 different legislators, Post is essentially his approach," Post said, "then it's not worth a dam and it 
own boss. won't survive. It shouldn't survive." 

The job of the Legislative Analyst is to provide the History of Offtce 
Legislature with the information it needs to do its work. The history of the Legislative Analyst's Office goes back 
" You tell the members of the Legislature what a bill does, to the late 1930's when the idea for an independent finance 
what it will cost, and how it will work," Post said. office to advise the Legislature was first tos."P(j around. The 

The Analyst's biggest task is the annual analysis of the Legislature had \leen depending on each of its committees to 
Governor's Budget which this year was published in a do their own financial analyses. . 
volume of 1184 pages. His office also analyses the fiscal In 1941 a bill to create an independent analyst's office 
impact of about 2500 bills each legislative sessIOn. passed both the Senate and the Assembly. But Gov. Culbert 

" It 's our job to seek out efficiencies and economies," Post Olson vetoed the bill on the advice of his Department of 
said. "State government is getting bigger all the time. That Finance. 
in itself is not frightening. But it's our job to insure that with To circumvent Gov. Olson, the Legislature passed a joint 
bigness doesn't come sloppiness." resolution that year establishing the Legislative Auditor's 

The influence of Post's office comes from providing the office. They hired Rolland Vandegriftto be its head. 
Legislature " extremely accurate, carefully worked out The authority of a resolution lasts only while the 
materials" with which to make their policy decisions. Legislature is in session which at that time was two years. 

" If you do a good job of it," Post said, "then people begin Therefore, every other year the Legislature would pass a 
to say you have power. You never want to forget that the joint resolution recreating the office. 
power arises only out of being sensitive to what the Ten years later Gov. Earl Warren signed a bill making the 
Legislature needs and should be using in order to make good Legislative Auditor a permanent office. In 1957 its name was 

. value judgements." changed to Legislative Analyst to prevent confusion with the 
While the influence of the Analyst 's office is derived from Office of the Auditor General which had been created in 

its servke to the Legislature, the strength of that influence 1955. 
is due to Post's lDlassailable reputation for nonpartisanship. Post's first contact with the Legislative Auditor's office 

No Political Squabbles came in 1942, the year after it was created. An economics 
" I cannot honestly recall a single incident where Post has professor recommended it to him as a good place to spend 

been involved in a political squabble," said Assembly some time while he waited to be drafted. 
Speaker Leo McCarthy (D-San Francisco) . " He is highly Post worked there from JWle to. September, returned 
professional. Trusted is the best word. That comes from his briefly to Occidental College to teach economics, and then 
totally nonpartisan position." went to American University in Washington, D.C. While 

Even legislators who disagree with his recommendations there he was drafted into the Navy and spent a year learning 
still respect Post's neutrality. " Obviously at times I have Japanese in Boulder, CO. 
differed with his position," said Assembly minority leader Since Post became chief financial advisor to the 
Paul Priolo (R-Woodland Hills) . " But I have never known Legislature, he has gotten along well with California's 
him to take a partisan stand." governors (Earl Warren, Goodwin Knight, Pat Brown, 

In spite of the influence and power he has accumulated Ronald Reagan, and Jerry Brown) . But there have been 
over the years, Post has no ambitions for elected office nor differences of opinion. 
for expanding the power he does have. " You have to . SeparationofPowen 
remember that you're a staff man to the Legislature. You're "There is by the very nature of our job a certain conflict 
not a power broker. You' re not a policy maker." with the governor because we work for the Legislature," 

Post uses the pronoun " we", meaning him and his staff, Post said. " There is a separation of powers and we are going 
when talking about his work. He speaks with obvious pride to have to be critical of the executive programs and the 
about the 54 professionals on his staff and the high quality of Governor's Budget." 

"The governors disagreed and they argued, but they 
never challenged our rig~ or responsibility to make the klild 
of recommendations we do. And they never, except in 
maybe one instance, said we were doing anything im-
proper." 

That one instance occured in 1973 when Gov. Reagan 
called a special electioo to enact his tax limitation plan. 
Reagan's plan, designated Proposition One on the ballot, 
would have reduced the amoWlt of state taxes Californians 
pay by .1 per cent per year from the 1973 level of 8.3 per cent 
to a coostant 7 per centof their income. 

In his analysis of Prop. I, Post said, " It will obviously 
reduce state subsidies to local government, state payments 
to individuals (such as Medi-Caland senior citizens property 
tax assistance) and state operations such as the University 
of California and the State Colleges. The poor counties will 
fare badly . ,. 

Angered by Post's opposition, Reagan attacked the 
Analyst and his office. He said Post had made "deliberate 
distortions" in his analysis of the proposition. 

The Legislature responded to the Governor with bipar-
tisan support for their Analyst. Post's own response was no 
response. " I don't debate governors," he said. "That's not 
my function ." 

Struggle on Prop. ODe 
Recalling the struggle over Prop. One, Assemblymember 

Willie Brown (D-San Francisco) said, " Post had to be far 
more liberal than he ever dreamed he would be just to save 
the people of the state. If there's a liberal bone in his body, 
Reagan brought it out." 

Other than the Reagan affair in 1973, Post said he has had 
amicable relationships with the governors, including Jerry 
Brown. 

"We don't agree on a number of things," Post said. "But 
in most respects, we agree about efficiency and economy. " 

"There are thousands of items in the state program and 
we disagree on a lot of them ," Post said. "After he con-
siders what we have to say, it's surprising how often they 
tend to agree (with us) next year. " 

He and the governors have had the same basic objectives 
about 90 per cent of the time, Post said. But when dif-
ferences have arisen, they have been over the relative value 
of programs receiving state funds. 

"We by and large disagreed on the University of 
California with Gov. Reagan," Post said. "Not so much with 
respect to the amoWlts of money as it was with how you deal 
with it. What constitutes a University? What are its values? 
How do you deal with it (and be) fairly tough on dollars?" 

Retirement Immfnent 
Post will turn 63 in September. He has already annoWlced 

CooUaaed lID Pqe 3 
................................................ ~ •••••••••••••••••••••••••• 1 •••• ' •• , •••• , ••••••••••••••••••• 
• 
• • • • 
• • • • • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • • • 
• 
• 
• • • • • • • • 
• 
• 
• • • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• • • 
• 
• • • 
• 
• 
• 

• I 
I 

1 Library 
8:00 
8:15 
8:30 
8:45 

2 

3 

11:45 

Bookstore 
8:04 
8 :19 

:34 
:49 

11:49 

JIevelJe 
~arking 

:09 
:24 

8:39 
B:54 

I 11:54 
I 4 Muir 
• 8 :13 
• 8:28 
• 8 :43 I 8:58 
I 11 :58 
I ,other pick up points ~or dbove ti mes 

Starting Monday April 11th 

GUT 
DER 

Shuttle Bus 

................... , •••• , •• 1 ••••••••• , •••••••••••••• 1 •• 1 •••••••••••••• 1 •• ' •••••••••••••• 1 •• ' •••• ' •• 1 ••••••••• , •••• , •• , ............. .. 

......" AprI4,lt7'J 

Intramural Basketball 
Results: 6 Teams Win 
While most of you were preparing for finals last quarter, the in-

tramural basketball playoffs were in full gear to detennine the 
champions from each of the respective leagues. The following are the 
results of the championship games and all-tournament teams selected 
by the intramural office. 
"A" Championship Game : Rear Entry 64-Po'Foks 60 . 
All-Tournament Team: Mallory Mitchell, Bart Bradley, Dan MOSler 

(Rear Entry), Doug Harrell, Rick Robinson, Dave Moragne (Po'Foks), 
Kevin Douglas (Mean Machine) 
"B" ChampiODlbip Game: Mojave Greens 39-Gronks 33 
All-Tournament Team: George Clark, Mark Lewis, Mark Mewborne 

(Mojave Greens) , Abbey Eros, Phil Melese (Gronks), John McCloy 
(Dice & Ice) . 
"C" Championship Game: Derelicts 43- Scripps BTC 25 
All-Tournament Team: Tom Ricks, Chris Lin (Derelicts) , Rob Olson 

(Scripps BTC) , Alan Russel (Triton Times Pops), Dave Sutton 
(Dildoze) 
Coed Championship Game: Hermaphrodites 66-Skin L TO 50 
All-Tournament Team: Rhonda Berney, Debbie Waters (Her-

maphrodites), Amelia Rivera (Skin LTD), Vicki Thomas (Lowlifers ), 
Aliena Salmon (Half Baked) 
5-1DChamplo..MpGame: Stin Smokin' 43-Zone 38 
All-Tournament Team: Alex Escobel, Eduardo Gonzales (Smokin' ), 

Jon GeEon, Roger Gottfried (Zone), Ken Leypoldt (Indigenous 
Indigents) 
Women's CbamploDlldpGame: I.R.A. 3O-Lord Byron's 16 
All-Tournament Team: Allena Salmon, Laura Greenberg, Debbie 

Robertson (IRA), Vanessa Smith, Vicki Adams (Lord Byron's) 

TT ClAssiFiEds 
Classified Rates 

Sl udenl ads · 25 cents 
Personal •• 50 cent. 
Lost and Found · free 
Non' studen t ads · $1 
Deadl ine at t pm . IWO 
days prior 10 publicat ion. 
Ads may be submil1ed 
between 8·10 and 12·2 on 
MWF . 11-1 1 and 1·3 on TIh. 

TRAvEl 

fOR SAlE 
Canon Fl 1.4 w l1 h extras: boys Stingray bike : 
uS<>d topsiders size 9; ca r radio: car tach; 
454· 1971 13121) 

1971 Honda CB 350 good condi tion. new 
bal1ery. 7000 miles luggage rack. 453-6068 
Steve 

New L6().l S Lee Manhandler l ire $25 299-
1475 

ItOUSiNG 
Europe . Israel. Orient . Australia. NY & Chi. Roommate wanted to share 2· Br apl In P8 
Complete sl udent t ravet cenler. AIST. 291 S. J$107 /month. Near •• press bus. Call Ellen: 
La Clenaga BI. 1tl01 Beverly Hil i • . 21 31657. • 272-4837. Keep trying . 
2727 (6 11 2) 

Book now · book on campus! 
Europe. HawaII & Aust ralia 
Charter lligh ls 
CtEE student Travel ServICes 
Oper>weet<days 1· 5 pm 452-0630 

Male noveltst wants quiet. mature roommate 
2 bdrm. unlU/n . $145 + uti I. New courtyard 
apts . on Genesee at La Jolla Vil lage Dr. nr. 
campus Avai l . Irom Apr. 15to May 1. Call 
Eddie al291 · 2725 (4 / 6) 

Female room avail at Mesas for spong Qtr. 3 

.......... h ... 'S 

It's Spring--New 
IMs are on Horizon 

by RonKato 
Sports EdItor 

The arrival of spring means the 
opening of another intramural 
season and this quarter's activities 
will be highlighted by an ex-
perimental free agent softball 
league as well as three new 
tournaments. 

The free agent softba U league 
will be structured to allow athletes 
to participate in as many as three 
leagues (men's/women's, coed and 
the free agents ) without jeopar-
dizing the eligibility of playoff 

Further information concerning 
the rules and entry deadlines of 
each tournament can be obtained 
in the recreation gym office. 

Besides softball , which will be 
offered in three d ivisions (men's, 
women's a nd coed), the volleyba ll 
program wiII be expanded to in-
clude an all men's and all women's 
league. Indoor ' soccer , th ree-<>n-
three basketball (men and women 
leagues only) , innertube waterpolo 
and team tennis (coed leagues 
only) will round out the sporting 
events for the quarter. 

.. Halperin and Roa Kate, 
two ) ...... bave beeD elec:ted 
• c.- SpcirtB Edltors of the 
'ftiton Times, replacing Scott 
Sadll. SadU moves to the 
poIWon ci Associate News 
BdItor. 

K..:,.,;;.,u: ... - .... 0 
(; 

, • .t: 
Q 

~ 
~ 

Softball is only one of seven intramural sports on tap for this quarter. The others are innertube waterpolo. volleyball . 
rndoor soccer. three -on·three basketball . team tennis and free agent softball. 
bound teams. The aim of this 
league is to cut down on the 
number of individuals par-
ticipating on two teams within the 
same men's women's or coed 
divisions ( grounds for team 
disqualification), while providing 
students with more playing time. 

In addition to the free agent 
softball league, the new tour-
naments to come into the In-
tramural scene this quarter will 
include an over-the-line contest 
(April 30), a wrist wrestling match 
(May 7), and competition in one-
on-<lne basketball (May 8 ). Also, 
scheduled for May 1 is a coed 
doubles volleyball tournament. 

Team meetin.gs for captains or 
representatives of the sports will 
start Thursday and continue into 
the second week . If a team is short 
of a full roster or if an individual is 
Wlable to get on a team, at-
tendance at the meetings is also 
encouraged. All meetings will be 
held in the recreation gym con-
ference room on the following 
dates : 

Soltball·-Thursday, April 
7 (4pm women, -Spm coed, 6pm 
men ). 

Innertube WaterpolD-Monday, 
April 11 (4pm ). 

Volleyball-Tuesday, April 12 
(4pm men and women, S pm coed ). 

Indoor Soccer-Wednesday, April 
13 (3pm men and women). 

Tbree-On-Three Baske tball-
Wednesday, April 13 (4pm men and 
women ). 

Team Tennis ... Thursday, April 14 
(sign up in recreation gym office ). 

Free Agent Softball-Tuesday, 
April 19 (4pm). 

Niederfranks 
EU ROPE. inexpenslve camping . sluden t! 
lacul1y Ilighl S. Wolt e or call lor free 
brochure. Na l ional Student Travel Bureau 
1007 Boxton Av "8. L.A.. CA 90024 
213 /478·0220 (4 122) . 

pl easanl roomies! Please call 453-5802 (3121) ",......------------; Abortion Alternatives 
Ice Cream Parlour 

Natural Ice Cream, Sandwiches, 
Hand-made Candies, (no Preserntives) 

Frozen Gourmet 'Quiches 
PERSONAls 

Typing IBM selectric. Theses. term papers, 
etc . 452·1588 even ings. (6 /8 ) 

'Have you been In the Merchant Marines or on 
a cruise Ship worl<ing? Please call Eva 4J6. 
4924. (4 /4) 

Do What Interests. you most: 
folk dance, work at an 
archaeological dig, study at a 
university, Uve on kibbutz. And 
at the same time, have a.short, 
in-depth Israe' experience. 
Summer programs offer you a 
number of extra curricular 
activities: you can spend a week 
in Sinai, vlslt ZI settlement in the 
Golan Heights, tour big cities 
and historical sites. Meet people 

WANTEd 
Aclor. / act resses needed 10 be clowns and 
wloos for "Jaques Brel- . Call Clndee 75~ 
8109: leave message. 

jobs 
Summorlobe looking for hard workers will ing 
to . relocate . Chance to save $2500 If you 
Qualify 459·4396 

. and gain awareness of Israel /IS 
a social, economic, cultura', 
rell90us and poIIttc:aJ reality. 
Have a good time while you are 

doing It Contact the lsrael ~~======~ Program Center and inquire I 
about ftve·through-nlne-week 
summer programs. 
A.ierlcu II .... V .... f ..... tlon. 
U.I ...... In __ '_anl .... "109 
L.a " ........ Calif .......... . 
21 .. 16-812. 

----------------------" 
For InIormMIota. pie .. lend to the .bove addr .... 
Neme ________________________ ~~------

~---------------------------------CIfI ______ '--____ ...,s .... _________ ~zlp _ _ _ 
IUSOI 

San Dieg./Pro-Uf.lHpI 
583-LlFE 

Free co.ueUa"swdy Rem 
aadlpeaRn _ 

128 SO. Acacia, Solana Beach 
(A cross/rom Solana Theatre) 

Open 7 days and nights) 

Register Now! !! 

v.eccc 
Spring, '77 Crafts Classes 

Cer •• lc •• 
Phot.,...·p .. v. 

GI ••• Art •• 
J_e'l'1/, 

Woodworkln_, 
.ndMI._. 

Un'verslty of 
<Amonl. 
<Ant .. r for tit .. 
Cont •• por • ." 
Cr.'ts 

Schedule of Classes 
Ceramics 
Beginning 

Int/LowFire 
IntlHndbld 
Advanced 

Photogr.ph" 

M 
T u 
W 
Th 
M 
W 
Th 

7-10pm 
9 -noon 
4 -7pm 
6 -9pm 
4 -7pm 
7-10pm 
9 -noon 

Dornbush 
C a r lson 
Dornbush 
C arlson 
Dornbush 
Dornbush 
C arlson 

Photo/Lee. M 7-8:30pm Heftmann 
Heftmann. 
Gullette. 
Ehrlic h 

Photo /Lab. Assigned at 
weekJy lecture 

GI ••• AI1e 
StainedGI ... Tu 

.. ... 1"" 
Beg.lAdv. Tu 
Woodworking 
Too".Toys W 

7 -10pm 

6-9pm 

6 -9pm 

Monfort 

O 'Hanrahan 

Monfort 
a •••• c.llIIl .. 
MoYemetit Tu 7:30-9:30pm Sax 



.... It 

Barlainine-
c.tIIDed rn+ Pale 1 

bargaining without the limitations 
normally imp~~ld by union 
structure. .., SM associations 
with a 'good worldeg relationship 
with the adminil,1ration are one 
way. This type of relationship has 
worked well for the Academic 
Senate," Tribble concluded. 

According to a representative of 
the Academic Senate the iss:Je of 
collective bargaining was a topic of 
much debate two years ago when it 
appeared the item would pass the 
State Legislature. "We have not 
discussed the matter recently, and 
there is far from unanimity among 

Uses for Light. 

the faculty on the matter of 
collective bargaining," the 
representative concluded. 

Much of the impact of the 
legislation, if passed, would be felt 
in the campus personnel office. 
Nick Atma, Manager of Employee 
Relations for the personnel office, 
works as an ombudsman for 
employee problems. "If collective 
bargaining does come about," 
Atma said, "it will have an impact 
on personnel relations. The im-
pact, however, depends on the 
players. It is too early to tell if 
collective bargaining will have a 
negative or a positive impact. If 
the bill is passed, we'll do our 
damnest to abide by it. If It doesn't 
pass, we'll still do our damnest to 

• CoaUDued from Pa. 5 
ideology, wortz explanied the works of Rothko and Irwin. Rothko's 
minimal, monochromatic panels are empty, nebulous grounds, "to be 
filled in with the viewer's own personal feelings and meanings." They 
depend on "the quality of liglt upon them to portray the inner glow that 
flows from them." Robert Irwin, who is also interested in the experiential 
rather than the objective realm of art, creates works that involve a 
"perceptual act on the part ofthe viewer." 

Upon careful observation of his disc paintings, the viewer perceives a 
merger of the figure and ground. This unity signifies "an enlightened 
state or level of Nirvana" in the viewer. Irwin also designed a three story ' 
plex\glass plate that was installed in a shopping center. As the natural 
light of the shopping center changed throughout the day, the shaft of light 
created by the plexiglass was transfonned into various illusions and/or 
reflections, the validity of which was imperceptible. 

Evallive DIlaUty of Llgbt 
Wortz feels that "fascination with light has to do with the inability to 

hold or capture it. II This evasive and immaterial quality is the core of art 
works by Dan Flavin, Larry Bell and Dwayne Valentine, among others, 
Dan Flavin's experiments with neon light employ "light as a thing." The 
light from his florescent tubes "permeates out, affecting the surrounding 
space," Larry Bell applies the illusory character of light refraction In his 
work. Wrotz described one of his large pieces as a "maze of ephemeral, 
illusionistic walls." Dwayne Valentine's cast polyester resin objects 
reveal "light suspended in space." 

Wortz concluded with an inspiring comment: "There is a strong 
spiritual level in contemporary art that could bring solace to many who 
are so desperately seeking altered states of consciousness." In the words 

. of a famed yogi, Paramahansa Yogananda, "God's first command 
brought into being the structural essential: light. On the beams of this 
immaterial medium occur all divine manfestations. The law of miracles 
is operable by any man who has realized that the essence of creation is 
light." 

work out employee-employer 
problems. 

UC-881 Not EDolllb 
On the administrative side, Dr. 

Archie Kleingartner, UC Vice-
President of Academic and Staff 
Personnel, told the Triton Times in 
a telephone interview last week 
that the University "has great 
concern with a collective 
bargaining bill that does not ~ 
clude all state employees." 
According to Kleingartner, " the 
University is in the process right 
now of doing a detailed analysis of 
the bill. We will be making our 
concerns known in the Stale 
Legislature and in other ap-
propriate areas." To sum up the 
University's position? "We've got 
problems with the bill." 
The proposed legislation buildson 

SB 160 of 1975, the Rodda Act, 

H .... y, Aprtlt, 1m 

Commentary._ 
Coatbaaed from Page I 

"My 'colleagues' reasoned that they had not built State's eclat as a 
leading graduate psychology faculty by frittering away their time in the 
classroom. They had attracted brilliant graduate students and bollnteous 
grants on the basis of flashy research achievements, not on such 
worthless fiddle-faddle as teaching prowness. Even the university ad· 
ministration let it leak out that my Distinguished Teaching Award 
troubled them because they were convinced that this would deflect the 
lion's share of research grants state would have ordinarily attracted, and 
it was predicted dolefully that this would lead to a critical shortfall in 
overhead funds. 

" Even a few of the younger faculty, more interested in transmitting 
than in creating knowledge, looked the other way when they passe<! me in 
the corridor. These academic fledglings-pressing for promotions, 
tenure, or reappointment- did not want to dampen or ruin altogether 

. their academic futures by rubbing senior faculty noses in the fact that 
these two or three junior professors were my compadres. UlHlnd-
coming academicians are carefully tauglt that nothin~ qualifies them 
better for entry into the university's unwanted and dispossesserl un· 
touchables than to show an interest in,letalone a flair for, teachin~ . 

which provided collective "My wife grew aloof. She too had been infected with an aversion to 
bargaining for grades K-14. The teachers. She had learned from other faculty wives about the disdain with 
Educational Empl~yment which their spouses viewed my award. They construed this cursed ' 
Relatlons Board created m .SB 160 recognitlon of my teaching effectiveness as an act of heinous disloyalty to 
will administer the provislODS Ii. _ the department. Shortly thereafter, I heard via the grapevine that my 
the Berman bill as well. wife was having an affair with a colleague, who-to rub salt in the 

All employees, except con- wound- was a conspicuously unremarkable teacher albeit a swash-
fidential and managerial em- buckling researcher and a glib grantsman . Even my children left the 
ployees, of both the UC and CSUC room whenever I entered. Their disquietude stemmed from the stories 
are covered by the bill. They have that had been circulating amid their peers about my unsportsmanlike 
the right to jom or not to join behavior in exposing students to what turned them on rather than to the 
employee organizations for sexy findings from research factories like Michigan, Northwestern, and 
collective bargaining purposes. WisconsiQ. 
The bill provides for a broad scope "The cruelest cut of all was that my students soon began questioning 
of bargaining issues including their own evaluations of me as a master teacher. They wondered whether 
wages, hours, and other terms and , I was as good as they thought I was in view of recent scuttlebutt 
conditions of employmeJa. characterizing me as a good-for-nothing (except for teaching) clod. They 
Shared Relpo .. IbDlty Important resolved this dissonance by discounting their own evaluations and ae-
"I finnly believe that shared cepting those of others. 

responsibility by the employer and 
employees, through their exclusive 
representative. is the most 
productive and equitable way to 
determine issues of mutual con-
cern," Bennan staled. " I think it is 
far superior for all concerned" he 
said, " that matters such as 
working conditions, grievance 
procedures and so on be resolved 
by the employees and employers 
themselves rather than having to 
seek legislative action as is the 
case now." 

"There will, of course, still be 
involvement by the Legislature 
and the Governor on issues With 
fiscal impact or otherwise 
requiring legislative action since 
they serve as the public's 
representatives," Bennan added. 

Berman observed that the 
"foundation for collective 
bargaining for employees in the 
educational system was set by 
Senator Rodda in SB 160. I think it 
makes eminent sense to extend this 
principal to the UC and CSUC 
systems so that all employees of 
the public education system enjoy 
the same rights and respon· 
sibilities." 

"Rejected by colleagues, family, and even students, thank goodness I . 
could tum for solace and understanding to the graduate student whose 
accessible shoulder I had sought out off and on. However, even thou~h she 
acknowledged that I had considerable talents outside the classroom. she 
had another bottom line: getting a job once she received her PhD. She 
knew that her chances for a respectable postdoctoral berth would be nil if 
faculty at other universities found out she was teacher's pet. 

" No one liked me. Not my family. Not my friends"":frleDlb? Not my 
mistress. Not the university administration. Not my colleagues. Not my 
students. Crushed by these onslaughts from all flanks , 1 slinkeci :tway 
from the university in total disgrace. At first 1 went on the btun . hut after 
a few months I got my act back together and decided to part comp:tny 
with teaching for good. Fishman's was looking for a shoe salesman, 
and since 1 had some experience selling shoes when I was in rollpgp. T 
appliect for the job and got it. What a relief not to be hasslpci ahout. and 
made to feel guilty over, my devotion to teaching and concern for student 
welfare. 

"But enough about me," he said as he spotted a couple of ('ustomt'rs 
entering the store. "What about you?" he asked his fonner student. " How 
about trying on a pair of our stylishly stacked heeled dress boots? Thev 
come in black or rust and are water repellant. At $34.99 they're a stP:t1." . 

A. Alan POSt. .. 
Continued from Page 3 

the other senior people in the office to be considered." 
Assembly Speaker McCarthy supports Post's statement. "We will first 

have to look and see if there is a competent person in the Analyst's 
Office," he said. "Odds are that one will be found there." 

No matter what Post does professionally after leaving the Analyst'~ 
office, he will certainly do a lot more painting. 

A Very Detennlned Man 
"I happen to be a very determined if not talented artist," Post said. "1 

Continued on Page 12 

BOOKSTORE 
SPECIAL HOURS 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE F;OR : 

MCaT Over 35 yean "I of experience OAT and IUCceII 
• ~aT s .... ncl_ 
LtiJIII Voluminou. home GRE study materiel. 

Cour_ that ere ARSB constantly updated 

Mon Apr e 4th-.thru Apr. 7th 
For your convlencl 

Ihe bookslore will be open 

OCAT 
CPAT 

Tepe fMOilities for 
r..,iew. of cl_ 
I_nl end for u. 
of supplementery 
materials 

FLEX Meke-upi 'or ECFMG mi,.ed I_nl 
MAT'L MED BDS 

SAT- VAT 
. 

SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2180 Garnet, Peciflc BMCh 1I21ot 

Illra hours Phon. 1M·21n·6811 = --
'DUCAT'DN': .. 8 a.m. - 6:30 p.m. CENTER ~ Brenchel in mejo, US cit ... 

end Swltzerlend 

.............. 'S Pa~1I 

t • 

A ~ ZZA 
- ~ 

M • 

'llall 

Customer 
Comment 

", •. we decided not to order it. Pepperoni has 
always been our favorite," 

Bernie C. 
[Science Fair Entrant) 

" ••• When is the next discount exam?" 
Charleen D. 
[Student and part-time 
Barn Stercher) 

" ... The kitchen had closed. We didn't 
know that the place served only 

until 1:00' a.m," 
Reggi Y. 
[Reknowned Ex-Chef and 
extension student.) 

~··-···-··-···-·-C;~;;;-~~4~O········-······~ 
I I 
. ~ . i .1 % off any Pizza with i 
I I 

i WAl~IJIS i I I 
I . I I\.. with this coupon-expires 4-1~77 OUR KITCHEN IS OPEN UNT:)L 

- - 12:00 AM to Midnight 
, and 1:00 AM on Week nds 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

(:cafllt?~I~ A-4~() ()Izzca 11 II • ~~1~ (: I ~ II 
i:::::':: Ut?1 ~caf • 1 -tJl1 ~~~~ ~~BHj@ti1~ifll.ff%I'l!lii~'iif#ffMf!!ffji$\~"f_'!r:1N#!f%tf!tt£'iJ!£i!1£'%fR~>4!#J 



................. 

Tile Road 
to 

and Cheap 
SlIots 

£1 Dorado' 

You llve, you die, and in the held hostage by the Retard 
meantime, you try to find a Uberation Front's Enlightenment 
comfortable seat to watch the show I Squad, or maybe terrorized by a 
from. More often than not, your leg bunch of young gonadocentric 
falls asleep, your back itches on hoodlwns, who can blame the guy 
that patch of skin your hands can't who walks into a bathroom and 
reach and people are crunching blows his brains out with a .38? 
popcorn in your ears. That is happens as infrequently 

Ambrose Bierce improved upon as it does is perhaps more at-
the old Cartesian proof of being ("I tributble to our feeble powers of 
think, therfore I am."). His was, " I perception thatn to the quality of 
think I think, therfore I think I life. And if some really effective 
am." This amusing sentence gun control is ever imposed upon 
problably says more about human us, suicide will be even less 
existence than most philosophical common. Visionaries will be forced 
tomes.-and gets a lot more laughs, to take their lives with poisons 
besides, which just goes to show almost as painful as the few years 
how true it is. they have left to live. 

Did you ever wonder why people Jerusalem, circa 33 A.D., must 
fight like tigers to prolong their have been a truly wretched place 
lives; lives which, if written, to pass a lifetime. Otherwise, 
printed and bound, they wouldn't would Jesus have allowed himseH 
pay a nickel to read? to suffer three painful hours or so 

In days when it's not al all im- of crucifixion to be rid of it? He 
possible for a person to be mugged, knew the score, better than most. 

Babies cry when they are born, 
proof of a keen insight benied such 
lesser mortals as adults. And when 
a baby first opens its eyes, one of 
the very first things it sees is the 
grinning face of a parent: one of 
those smiles one sucker gives 
another as they walk out othe 
sideshow. 

The fact of the matter is that 
people often die for better reasons 
than those for which they live. 
Dying from cancer is a better 
reason for dying than lack of 
cancer is for living. 

And yet, this dogged insistence 
upon living. 

The human imagination is 
wonderful thing, isn't it? Basically, 
it separates the men from the boys 
in the animal kingdom. Bound to a 
rude intelligence, imagination 
becomes a fearsome thing, a sad 
thing. Even in its most feeble 
manifestation, the human 

imagination can conceive a better 
situation for itself. Few men are so 

unimagm.tiv~ that they can't 
envision something better. 

The only · thing a man can~ 
imagine for long is that his co~ 
dition won't get better. And the 
only thing he can't imagine at aU, 
is that he can't imagine. . 

And man can imagine God. 
Rea lly, . this was quite an 
achievement for man, to imagine 
that something could be greater 
and better than he is. Of course, 
there was and is a certain amount 
of pride involved in the concept of 
God. 

One of the preconditions of God is 
that he COMot be stuck here on 
earth with the rest of us. That 
would never do. How would you 
like it if you lived next door to God? 
You'd have to do everything God 
said. A god should be close, but not 
get in the way. 

FOR THE PRICE 
OF ONE 

ON ALL 
GLASSES 

TWO PAIR OF 
GLASSES COMPLETE 
(including wire frames) 
Witn every pair of prescription glasses 
purchased. receive an additional pair of 
prescription glasses in one of a variety of 
selected frames. 
Single Vision 
Two pair from 

Bi-focais 
Two pair from 

$39. 50 complete 
$54.50 complete 

• We guarantee the glass in each frame 
against breakage for a full y~ar. 

• Glasses made while you wait in most cases . 
• • Fu ll line of nationally advertised designer 

frames & tinted lenses. 
• Prescriptions filled, glasses duplicated. 
• Custom tinting ot plaslil. l en:;os while . 

you wait. 

ON 
CONTACTS * 

Two pair of Conventional 
Contact Lenses complete. 

Lifetime insurance and 
contact lens care kit 

included. 

Two pair of Flexible 
Contact Lenses complete. 

Lifetime insurance and 
contact lens care kit 

included. 

$125 
$150 

* One pair of Soft-lens _ 
Contacts complete $1 9850 (Bausch & Lomb and . 

Hydro-curve brands), _ 
including lens care kit. • 

• If you are not satisfied . contacts will be 
bought back. 

• ~ye exams given. 

ASK ABOUT OUR FAMILY PLAN! 
MASTER CHARGE, BANIWIERICAAD AND OTHER CREDIT TEAIIS AVAILAILE. 

CALL FOR AN APPOINTMENT -oPEN 8 DAYS A WEEK 

.. tIonal City-Chull Vllta 
474-6733 

AIS ........ ~h~~106 (--,.-" 
s. MIlIa eepenoI 

Open Wed -neeIH a 

II Cajon-LI .... 
462-7550 

............. ,....~wey c ___ ,,--, 

Open Mot*Y --. '11 • 

~r quality wbieb the Dride 
of man aaddIeI God wttb II God'i 
concern for man. TIU idea tblt 
God stays up nJgbta wOlT)'inc 
about the human condition il 
rather -prideful. Cerntainly, God 
must have better things to do. If I 
were God, I'd find something 
better to do, and I don't think it 
would be a hard task. 

RelIIion, of course, is another 
~entirely. 

Religion is fun. Christianity 
brings to mind an unabaven older 
gentleman who likes to wrap 
himself in bedsheets. Krishna 
strikes me as being a woman with 
two sets of anns, etc., etc. I mean, 
what if God prefers a three piece 
suit? Or maybe God prefers shorts 
and a T-shirt. 

Or maybe you believe in 
evolution. In the beginning there 
were DNA precursors ... That kind 

,of crap. 
But we won't go into that. The 

jokes about evolution at the ex-
pense of man are multitudinous. 
Library shelves groan under the 
weight of them. They're mostly 
true, but after all is said and done, 
who really cares.? 
. It's unfortunate, but most people 
live in either one of two states. By 
their own moral lights, they are 
either tempted or guilty. Some 
manage to be both at once. 

Yep, some of us buy it and some 
of us sell it, but everyone deals in 

snak~ oil at the 01' medicine show. 

A. Alan Post ... 
c.tIIlaed fnm Page 1 • . 

said. "I spent my life splitting it 
between painting and legislative 
analyzing. I would like to be able to 
do enough of it to see whether I 
have any real capability." -

Post has painted with both oils 
and water colors, but said he 
prefers the latter. He has displayed 
his paintings throughout the state, 
mostly in one-man shows. He and 
his wife, who is a sculptor, 
sometimes exhibit their works 
together. 

Post plans to spend vacations at 
his home in Spain, but will continue 
to live in Sacramento. He has a 
married son and grandchildren 
here. 

"We're delighted to be where 
they are. We have many friends 
here and we have good studios to 
work in. Sacramento is a pretty 
swell place anyway. " 

Leary ... 
CoatiDaed from Pale 1 

of who will fund it and, who will 
control it. 

Henson also noted that NASA has 
developed an interest in space 
habitation as a source of solving 
the energy crisis. The space 
satellites can beam solar energy 
from the Sun via microwaves to the 
Earth, without the terrestrial 
problems of night and day and 
clouds. 

In an attempt to demystify the 
notion of space and space 
habitation, Leary concluded by 
attacking the notion of "macho" 
space travellers such as Buck 
Rogers and Star Trek, with "good 
guy, bad guy on the galactic level. " 

"Ali we are going to do is build 
condominiums in space," Leary 
said. 

CLAY BLAItER 
AND HIS TEX.U 

HONKYTONK BAND 
FrIday Nfild at 


