
3rd College, Unit-2 Funding in Brown's Budget 

Third College Step I bUildings may be joined by Step II bUildings if Gov . Brown's UC Budget is approved by the State 
Legislature . [1Tphoto : Tom Hughes) . 

La Jolla Owners Want it Closed 
Bike Coop Draws Fire-from Shops 

by Joel C. DoD 
Alloclate News Editor -

If local bicycle shop owners have 
their way, the UCSD Bike Shop will 
be closed down completely. 

Local bike shop owners, 
outraged by the competitive prices 
of the Bike Shop, -have voiced their 
complaints to the San Diego City 
Council and the La Jolla Town 
Council. 

According to Bob Brown of the 
La Jolla Schwinn Cyclery, a 
portion of his tax dollars pays for 
competition, and he says "it is 
adding insult to injury to have 
student discounts open to the 
general public." 

Tax Payer Subsidies? 

the taxable value of the land. The ' "built a whole line of arguments on 
local business must also pay total lies." 
salaries, rent and utilities, Brown 
said. 

However, Brown stated that he 
wants the Bike Shop closed even if 
the services were restricted to the 
students. 

Tom Brown, assistant to the 
Vice-chancellor of Student Affairs, 
is handling the current conflict, 
which has been going on for over a 
year and a half. Brown contends 
that the local shop owners feel the 
Bike Shop is "competing unfairly" 
with them, because they believe 
that taxpayers funded the building 
and the student employees are paid 
less than the minimum wage. 

A recent article in the Reader 
alleges that the Bike Shop could 
have a net gross upwards of 
'100,000, but Brown states that the 
figure for last year was a~ 
proximately $27,000, with about 
$900 in outside, no~student sales. 

"People that aren't connected 
with the university, don't know 
about our Bike Shop," Brown 
explained. The Bike Shop provides 
a service to the students and very 
few members of the local com-
munity know where the Student 
Center is located, let alone the Bike 
Shop, he added. 

ConUnued on Page 5 

by Alan Russell 
News Edltor 

Governor Brown's ,15.2 billion state budget released Monday includes 
'104,000 for planning and working drawings for Third College, Unit Two. 

The funding proved the "third time was a chann," as twice before the 
working plans had been rejected in the state Legislature. 

In 1970 Third College's "formational plans" detailed two "steps." Unit 
One, already completed, houses mostly natural sciences, while Unit Two 
called for installation of htunanities and social science classrooms and 
office space. 

"We're Elated" 
"Naturally, we 're very elated," said Jospeph Watson, Provost of Third 

College. "So many people and groups have worked toward this end that 
you can really credit its success to a major community effort." 

Watson said he "wasn't really surprised" by Unit Two's inClusion in 
Brown's budget, but admitted that if it hadn't been in, "I think we would 
have seen the end ofthe project and our hpes." 

"This fundin~ is an expression of supoort to the activities and ~0a1s of 
Third College and UCSD," said Watson. " It will allow for our continuing 
development, and a chance for the Third College concept and goals to 
come into being." 

Watson noted that the planning funds were "almost a guarantee that 
we'll be getting building funds in next year's state budget." 

The amount needed for the building of Unit Two is estimated to be in the 
neighborhood of $4 million. HOwever, before steps are taken to that end 
the Unit Two plans will have to be approved by the Senate Finance 
Committee and the Assembly Ways and Means Committee Review 
Process. All those who were questioned about approval from these groups 
felt the prl)Cedure to be little more than a " fonnality ." 

FinaDce Department 
Dick Cuttings of the state Department of Finance said that "we pretty 

well commit ourselves to the entire project by this first step." 
Cuttings said the success of the project stenuned mainly from "some 

excellent compromises" and credited Chancellor McElroy with his 
working out a situation from which Fourth College will remain on Mat-
thews Campus. 

McElroy said this was done with the approval of the provosts, and 
promised "some upgrading" of Fourth College. He indicated that the 
college .would permanently remain on Matthews, with more "solidifying" 
of offices. 

Like everyone else involved in the project, McElroy expressed his 
pleasure, and said it was an "outstanding job", involving quite a few 
people, including administration, students, and "you name it. " 

Cuttings also credited a "better understanding" of the project to its 
meeting with Brown's approval. "Though we're entering a period of 

Continued on Page 4 Many of the local bike shop 
owners feel that they are indirectly 
paying for the Bike Shop which is 
driving them out of business. Even 
though the Bike Shop is housed in 
the Student Center complex, which 
is funded by student activity fees, 
Brown argues that the UCSD 
administration is not taking into 
consideration inventory tax and 

Brown has held meetings with 
the local bike shop owners, in an 
attempt to explain thaUhe building 
has been funded by student activity 
fees and student workers are paid 
a minimum of $3.10 an hour. 

"Total Uea" 
"They are making a big deal out 

of nothing," Brown said, and added 
that the bike shop owners have 

UC, Brown Not. Eye To Eye On Funds; 
Budget Omits Requested Improvements 

CPB, Upset over A/V Work 
Plans M,ove for Film Nights 

by Wesley Wada 
Staff Writer 

In a desperation move, the Campus Program Board (CPB) has decided 
to change the ~tion of some of their Friday and all of their Saturday 
night movies. The move wID be made from USB 2722 to the gymnasiwn 
and USB 2622. CR 107, on Third College, will be used for special 
programs. 

According to one CPB member, the change will be made "as soon as 
possible." 

The change of venue was triggered because ofthe CPB's dissatisfaction 
with what CPB officials tenn the dilapidated condition of USB 2722 and 
with the work of the AudiolVisual Department (AIV). 

"I think the film program will be shabby until we get out of that room 
(USB 2722)," exclaimed one CPB member, who asked not to be identified. 
" If we had a room that was a little warmer and cleaner, we could provide 
entertainment.' , 

The problems, the member said, include the decrepit condition of the 
seats, Utter in the room and a torn projection screen. He stated that he 
had called the Physical Plant about the situation but action was slow in 

~g. . 
Robert WaddeD, superintendent of the Physical Plant, responded to 

thls charge by statil'll in Dec. that "some of the work will be done (on 
USB 2722) over ct.i8lmaa vacation if the needed materials are here." U 
the materiall do not anive, WaddeD said that the work on USB 2722 weuld 
proceed durtnR the upcominllummer. 

A/VCom ....... 
Perhapa, the Board member said, "their projectionists are not well 

trained." 

by Hugh Mcintosh 
Staff CorrespondeDt 

SACRAMENTO - The University 
of California and Gov. Brown have 
not always seen eye to eye oil 
money matters and the Governor's 
1977-78 budget is no exception. 

UC officials have asked the state 
to allocate $722.5 million to the 
University's $2.2 billion current 
operations next year. In the '15.2 
billion ~et which he submitted 
to the State Legislature Monday, 
Brown has allocated $700.2 million 
to the University, $22.3 million less 
than it has requested. 

"In view of the fact that 
Governor is committed to no in-
crease in taxes, I think he has not 
dealt unfairly with the Univer-
sity," said UC President David 
Saxon. 

Another DisagreemeDt 
The Governor and the university 

are also in disagreement over the 
amount of state funds UC received 
this year. According to UC of-
ficials, their 19'n-78 budget request 
is $75 mlllion (11.5%) more than 
the ,,7 million granted by the 
state this year. 

According to the Brown budget, 
the state gave UC $656.2 mUUon 
this year and next year's increase 
is therefore only $44 million, or 6.7 
percent. 

Although he slashed the 
University's total request, Brown 
has allocated money for several 
key programs, including student 
affirmative action and a buyout of 
instructional laboratory costs from 
the education fee. 

"Most of the items on which we 
placed high priority in the Regents' 
budget have been included by the 
Governor," said Saxon. "I want to 
emphasize, however, that the 
Governor's budget does not include 
funds for most of the program 
improvements requested by the 
university. " 

Charles Gocke, the top education 
aide in Brown's finance depart-
ment, said the university Regents 
"don't get all the additions they 
wanted but they got everything 
they needed to get going." 

$3.3 million for AF AC 
The Governor's budget provides 

,1.8 million to be matched by ,1.5 
million of non-state funds for the 
students affirmative action 
program. The total falls short of 
the $3.7 million budgeted by th 
University, but it will provide 
financial aid and support servi 
for new and continuing students in 
the program. Part of the money 
will go for early outreach for high 
school and community coll ge 
coordination. 

University official hav 

proposed a three-year program for 
the state to take over fee-funded 
activities. A $3.343 million addition 
is included in the Brown budget to 
assume the instructional 
laboratory cost now paid from the 

1100 a quarter education fee ea h 
student pays. According to the 
budget this does not mean the 
Governor either accepts the 
University fee policy or intends to 
buyout the other fee funded ac-
tivities. 

Other programs to be continued 
are the Drew Medical Program, 
($1.986 million), Podiatric 
medicare program ($666,000), the 
Berkeley-8an Francisco Medical 
edu('ation program ($351,000) and 
the undergraduate Teaching 
Excellence program ($1 million). 

The governor's budget provides 
for a proposed enrollment of 
108,317 full time students in 1977-78 
on the eight general campuses. 
This 1 a 0.3 per cent (373 students) 
incr 'Ise over the number that was 
forecasted for this year. 

~10 II - .. t1:.. ... .. -
There ar actually 310 more 

student on the neral campuses 
now than w re expected. These, 
and th stud nts providea for 
und r the health sciences bond, 
bring th total number of full-tim 

ontiD d n PBle 4 



hPZ I"", •• I h •• .,.. 
The UCSD Government Question: 

Who Wi II Be the Fi rst Ki ng? 
by H.8D Anbar 
Opinion Edlter 

UC San Diego will be faced later 
this quarter with a decision to 
make regarding its form of student 
government. A lot d faults have 
been found with the present 
Cooperative government but some 
d the suggestions for alternative 
fonns appear to lead to even more 
problems. 

One suggestion adopted by many 
students (usually around 2 am) is 
the concept of a student Monarchy. 
A King could solve all of UCSO's 
problems! One advantage for this 
proposal is the fact that although 
many students really don't care 
what form of government presides 
over them (or along with them as 
in the case of the Coop) they may 
be willing to vote for a Monarchy, 
so that UCSD would become the 
first university ever to have its own 
King. 

Disadvantages of this proposal 
lie with the problems faced by 
every Monarchy. What will be the 
line of succession? Will it be a 
constitutional Monarchy? Will it be 
a moral Monarchy? 

Who will be the first King ? Won't 
there be an awful lot of fighting 
because of this selection of UCSD's 
first Monarch? No ! State the 
proponents. UCSD is so apathetic 
that very few people would want to 
become King. Thus the conflicts 

would be very limited in scope. 
This leads us into the next 

proPosal which bases itseH in the 
apathy of the Ua;D student. "They 
don't want Monarchy," claim its 
proponents. "They want Anar-
chy!" The advantages of this 
proposal are numerous: No longer 
will we have to concern ourselves 
with the gov~rnment. We won't 
have to pay a students' activities 
fee. And we will become the first 
UC campus oot to have a govern-
ment. Unfortunately, it appears 
that this solution to the problems 
will not pass the referendum 
because the apathetic student, 
who by definition does not want to 
vote, and who would benefit most 
by this fonn of government, will 
actually cause its downfall before 
its rise because of lack of interest. 
Is that clear? 

To become serious for a moment, 
another suggestion for student 
goverrunent is the more traditional 
representative government where 
members are elected from each 
college. I think that I wouid sup-
port this fonn of goverrunent for 
several reasons, one of which is the 
apathetic student. We have to 
recognize that this student, sup-
posedly so characteristic of UCSD, 
also has interests. Thus any 
goverrunent must recognize this 
fact and deal with it accordingly. 

But why can't the present Coop 
do this? Theoretically, it should be 

able to, but historically it seems 
that the Coop has served special 
interest groups - and has taken on a 
very distinct character, not at all 
representative d the campus. But 
this is not the members' fault! It's 
the concept of the Cooperative 
government. A government which 
allows students with initiative (i.e. 

those who would participate) Is 
g(ling to take on a certain 
character - especially when there 
are 00 cheeks to the number d 
enthusiastjc supporters d a cer-
tain idea that can contribute to the 
government. 

And before I'm blamed for being 
biased against the Coop, let me 
point out that the Triton Times is 
also based on such a " cooperative" 
system. Students who are in-
terested and take the initiative 
come ' work on the paper and do 
advance in its ranks. And I think 
Coop members would agree that 
the Triton Times has taken on a 

. distinctive character due to this 
design. Sure, ultra-liberals have 
not gotten anywhere on the TT, but 
neither have ultra-conservatives 
gotten anywhere in the Coop. 

Then why am I not advocating a 
representative form of 
newspaper? I think it would be 
necessary if the TT was the only 
paper on campus, but it is not. The 
voices of other people come out in 
other newspapers. And since we' re 

!-fEY MAN, 
TAd HIMI !-fE'LL 
WORK es 

AND OON'T 'DKE 
THIS ~ ... 'CJU\L 
!-fAYE TO WRIT6 

A PAPeRI 

on the topiC of representing 
opinions, I'd like to remind all of 
you once again, that the Triton 
Times wants to print your opinions 
and letters regarding concerns 
which you don't think are 
adequately covered in campus 
media. That's what we are here 
for. (You didn't know this was an 

Weclaelday, Jaaaary lZ, U7'1 

... I'M AI..,." 
C.EARN'''' A U1f! 

advertisement. ) 
And if none of the goverrunental 

possibilities suggested here appeal 
to you, and if you are still 
dissatisfied with the news media of 
this campus, then perhaps you 
think that nothing will save this 
campus short of a revolution. 

God bless our Chancellor. 

Thanks for the Support,SAF Prof. Jackson'S' Stance Refuted 
We wish to thank the Student Activity Fee Support Group (SAF) for 

their reconsideration of our budget request and subsequent increase in 
funding for external affairs. We feel that local, statewide and 
legislative input in issues that concern students is worthwhile and 
necessary. We are glad thatSAF agrees. 

RO: IBEE 
JEFF MARKS 

Don't Waste Cafeteria Food 
As we resume another quarter and a new year at UCSD, I feel that it 

is an opportune moment to present a much-neglected problem which 
involves all of those who eat in the school cafeterias. The phenomenal 
amount of food that is wasted every day is becoming a disgusting and 
sad problem which only the students can remedy. H we all keep in 
mind that we are one of the few nations which is able to enjoy the 
luxury of abundant food , I am sure that it will be easy to make a New 
Year's resolution to take only as much as we can eat and "waste not". 

JUDY WALTON 

In a recent letter to the TT, 
Gabriel Jackson (Associate Dean 
d Graduate Studies) denied the 
importance of grant-getting ability 
in the promotion of faculty 
members and lauded "an over-
whelming majority" of the faculty 
for their corrunitment to teaching. 
We disagree emphatically with his 
perceptions. 

Professor Jackson's experiences 
in the History Department seem to 
have limited him to a liberal's 
perception of the nature of the 
University. To be realistic, 
however, UCSD is a federally 
funded research institute. The 
large science departments which 
dominate this campus a~e 

Former Activist Student Sues CIA 
The CIA is geWng it from all 

sides these days. 
One of their latest headaches has 

been caused by Gary Weissman, a 
former student at the University of 
Wisconsin in Madison, who Is suing 
the agency for its refusal to hand 
over infonnation obtained about 
him during a five-year in-
vestigation the CIA sa id was 

---

conducted for purposes of em-
ployment. Weissman has stated 
that he never applied for a job with 
the CIA. 

Weissman, who was active in 
National Student Association 
(NSA) activities while he ' was a 
student at the University in the late 
fifties, and also a friend of Tom 
Hayden, first requested the in-

'-

formation in February 1975, after 
he read that the CIA was "malting 
investigations on people slightly to 
the left of Attila the Hun." He 
suspected the CIA mig~ have 
information on him because of his 
background. 

A federal judge ruled last March 
that release of the information 
would be a national security risk. 
Wiessman countered that the judge 
" was not dealing with questions of 
merit." The case is now before the 
US Court of ' Appeals in 
Washington, DC. 

Wiessman based his request on 
the F reedom of Infonnation Act 
which requires federal agencies to 
hand over info nnation they have 
collected on an ind ividual, if that 
person asks for it. 

The fo rmer student said the CIA 
has acknowledged that it has 44 
documents on him, but that they 
are withholding 26 of them, using 
the nationa I security blanket. 

"Obviously they are hiding 
something," Weissman . said . 
" They 're willing to fight it because 
it's much broader than this. If they 
give them up to me, they'll have to 
give them up to others." 

"U they're keeping stuff on an 
unknown like me, who knows what 
they have on others," Wel.ssman 
added. 

dependent upon grants for sur-
vival. Consequently, educati~n 
must be a secondary, If not ter-
tiary, priority for the over-
whelming majority of the faculty. 

While It may be true that 
Jackson has never seen a formal 
rating of grantsmanship, we 
seriously doubt that he could find a 
single. case in which a person with 
a large federal grant was denied 
tenure or a merit increase. It is no 
accident that Ua;D, despite 8 
relatively small faculty, rates 5th 
in the country in the receipt of 
federal funds. Nor Is it an accident 
that 1/3 of the entire UCSD budget 
is derived from federal grants for 
federal projects, while only m 
percent comes from the state for 
undergraduate education. 

Lest Pniessor Jackson or other 
adn;Jinistrative spokesmen claim 
that this "proves" the quality d 
the faculty, it should be noted that 
possession of a federal grant, or a 
Ph.D. for that matter, is un-
correlated with teaching ability. 
Few, If any, of the Ua;D faculty 
have received training in the 
nature or methods of teaching. 
Paradoxically: few, if any, of them 
have the slightest doubt that they 
are excellent teachers. 

This has generated an arrogant 
contempt for the opinions of others, 
particularly students. Why else is 
there no forum for open discussion 
between students and faculty about 
the education process? As 
Professor Jackson 's letter showed, 

triton times 
David Eisen· Executive edltOf 
Mark Sladler· Mtnaglnv ecllor 

Alan Russell· N •• t Editor 
Alec Nedelman • A . ... cl.I. N ••• llllto, 

Ran Anbar· Opinion 1II1t0f 

Gary Gh"ardl' Adlre<tI'1ng OI_lor 

Beckey OeVlnney. Production m ...... ' 
Shauna Sloiles • l'nIducllon _~ 

Sue Nealon· Copy lilliOf' 
Sooll Sadll· Spont ecltor 

Tim MIICKenzle· AlIt editor 
Bill Brooks· PIlato ...... 

Joel C. Don· AMOCIeIe ..... edItor 

the perceptions fI. the victimS 
(studenta) and the perpetrators 
(faculty) d Ua;D "education" 
differ markedly. Where is the 
place where students and faculty 
can iron out such perceptual 
discrepancies in a Deutral en-
vironment? A place where 
discussion can occur without 
students fearing gr¥de reprisals 
and shattered careers as the 
penalty for frankness? 

Professor Jackson's defense of 
faculty practices is weak because 
this forum does not exist. But it is 
weaker still because of his own 
actions, which belie his apparent 
concern for education. Last 
Summer, Jackaon tapped the 
instructional Improvement fUnd 
for a one month $3000 salary to 
work on "improvin8" the courses 
he teaches. This seems to be an 
unjllltified use of the limited 
monies in this fund, conaIdering 
that "improvement" Is one fI. tile 
normal duties fI. a professor, for 
whicb Professor Jacklon had 
already been paid a rather 
adequate $27,000 salary. 

Quite simply, we would be rather 
foolish to trust such a man. HIs 
pious statements about the hard-
working UCSD faculty don't ring 
true to 'lUr experience, and only 
serve to prevent honest and open 
discussion of educational issues at 
ua;o. 

JEFF FRIED 
DON STREBEL 

The Triton Times Is published by UCSD 
.Iudents as an oil icial s l udenl 
newspaper . Publication Is on Mondays. 
Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular school year (e.capl on oil icial 
hotldays) Editorial and business olilces 
are located In the Student Cenler at the 
UI I""rslly 01 Call1o,nia. San Diego. For 
editorial . call 452·3400 . ' or business and 
display advertising. call 452·3400 . 

Lellars 10 Ihe editor and opinion 
columns re welcomed . All submissions 
must be Iyped and double-spaced on a 
74·space line . They should nol exceed I· 
t 12 pages In lenglh 

Submitted material muSI beIIr Ina 
name and studenl IClenl ,'iCstlon number 
01 the au I hOr. Names can be wlll'heid 
I,om publlcMlon on ' . que": nowever I"e 
names ", III be held on l ile ' or public 
inspection. 

The Triton Timet _ . Ih. rlghl 10 
edit . ubmliliont becau.. of apec:e 
IIm"ationt 0' Ityle requl"""nt' . 

Enll,. content, cop,,'''''' 1178. I". 
Triton TIIMe. 

wedDeldaY, JaD.." 11, 1t77 Pale I 

Are Politicians Unfit for Their Offices? McDonalds 
A Religious 
Experience 

byDMA 

Our highly organized society 
protects itseH reflexively from 
incompetence from imposters and 
charlatans in practically any 
function that may affect the health 
and welfare of the US citizen. 

We examine and license 
physicians, teachers, lawyers, and 
surveyors, plumbers a nd TV 
repainnen not to mention real 
estate brokers or automobile 
drivers. There is only one ex-
ception to this rule - politicians. 

There is no examination of 
competence or skill as there is no 
state or federa l license required to 
become a Mayor, Senator, 

Governor or even the President of 
the United States. 

Is the function of the politician as 
hannless or unimportant as that of 
a street sweeper, musician, or a 
car salesman? (Sorry, I've just 
been informed that car salesmen 
are licensed in certain states.) Or, 
is there something wrong with our 
total system? 

Mter all, it is the politician who 
affects our lives and welfa re m uch 
more than any of the licensed 
pr ofessionals , craftsmen or 
brokers we may encounter in our 
daily life. 

Well, you may tell me that we 
elect the politicians to office. But' 
remember what our criteria Is 

doing so : Would we dare to a c-
credit our physician according to 
his looks, his wits or his promises 
to keep us healthy? Would we 
decide on the competence of the 
pilot of our commercial flight 
following a successful demon-
stration of his ability to debate? 

Something seems to be wrong 
with our system. There is nothing 
wrong with electing a politician 
and prefering him over his com-
petition - we do it all the time with 
anyone who renders us his services 
- the doctor, the lawyer, or car 
r painnan, but here we select one 
out of many who have been proven 
to be skillful and competent in their 
profession long before we made 

our choice. 
This is not t rue, however, of the 

people who perform the most 
complex and most critical function 
in our society - politicians are 
selected with little regard to their 
competence in performing their 
main functions. 

What can we do a bout it? Let us 
first define the major functions 
required by a given political office, 
let us then find out the faculties 
required to fulfill their functions. 
Finally, let us examine each of the 
candidates for their capabilities to 
meet their criteria. 

Even if we do not implement the 
requirement for a formal 8;!-
creditation of politicians, each of 
us can ask himseH what faculties 
are called for and does the can-
didate, irrespective of his political 
affiliation, have these faculties. 

While asking this question' 
maybe we will find in ourselves 
some of these faculties ; maybe we 
will then identify gaps in our own 
education, which once filled would 
make us better candidates to fill 
political office. 

H we try then and succeed in 
preparing ourselves for office this 
may be the way to have more 
suitable people fulfilling the most 
critical function of our complex 
modern society. 

(ZNS) A Michigan anthropolgy 
professor has concluded that going 
to a McDonald's restaurant has 
become a virtual religious ex-
perience for millions of 
Americans. 

The University of Michigan's 
Doctor Conrad Kottak, in a paper 
presented to the American 
Anthropological Association, 
states that repeated visits to the 
golden arches are " Similar in 
some ways to going to church or 
temple." 

The professor claims 
McDonald's eateries, much like" 
churches or temples, offer 
uniformity in an otherwise chaotic 
world. He states that "From the 
rolling hills of Georgia to the snowy 
plains of Minnesota, with only 
minor variations, the menu is 
located in the same place, contains 
the same items and has the same 
prices. We know what we're going 
to see, what we are going to say, 
what will be said to us and what we 
will eat." 

According to the professor, from 
that first request for a " Big Mac" 
to the final "Have a nice day," 
every move is ritualized much like 
a religious service. 

Pro/Con: Is Rape Political? 
Next week is Rape Awareness Week at UCSD. The UCSD Rape Task 

Force suggested this week's Pro/Con: Is Rape a political act? That is, 
is rape a statement how men feel about women in our society? 

Rape a Political Act: P ro or Con? 
The Pro/Con column is written by the UCSO community. Each week 

a topic will be submitted for your consideration. We ask that you 
submit your responses in writing by next Monday at 3 pm. 
Representative samples of your opinions will be published at the end 
ofthe week. 

Submissions should be typed and double-spaced, on a 74-space line. 
They should not exceed 11,2 pages in length . 

~Ingles $6.001 
Doubles $8.001 
Triples $9.001 
Wedges $10.001 
Huggers $12.001 
T-Shirts $4.951 

reg. $9.95 
reg. $12:95 
reg. $19.95 
reg_ $17.95 
reg. $21 ,95 
teg. $7.00 

1261 Prospect Ave. #2 
ACAmS FROM THE OtARTHOUSE RESTAURANT 



U.C. Budget ... 
D Awarded Honor Society [CODtiDDed from 1] students currenUy enrolled in the 

university to 118,459 students. It is 
eltlmated in the Brown buclpt tbat 
the tGtal number tI. fuD time 
.........10 the UC in Im-78wU1 be 
..... In ........ te Item ... 
_1IIIIed in the bodeet, "..2 
.... GeoeraI Fund aIIocatiIn 
'epi ••• lin percent ....,. 
iDmIue for ....-ly an ltalilt .. 

." AIle Nede ... •• 
.AII.e .... , ...... ... 

". ....... oIdIIt baDarary 
1Odetl, PIli ... ~ d_ 
III .. ~ ... fermaIoa 01 • 
.... tal . n.e «WIDpM' wu 
awarded • cha1er at tile 1OCIety'. 
tIIkty.ftnt trieaaIal cmfereDce-
JaIl Dee. •. fte eanfereaee took 

UCSD was turned down three 
yean ago In ttl appIicatlOll fw 
memebersbip. Accordin. to 
Pearce u.er. alsted seme 
miaundentaacllllp .Mot the :eimdal ...... of ThIrd 

and ... reJMloo to UCSD as 
a stable inatitutinn· 

place 011 tbe ~tl.tbe College "Phi Beta Kappa." harce said, 
ol 'WiUiam .Dd Mary in Williams- "is elite in the true Jellersoaian 
burg, Penn., the site of the . sense. It gathers together the 
society's founding on Dec. 5, ,1776. natural aristocracy." Phi Beta 

AccordiJu! to Dr. Roy Harvey Kappa, he explained, is concerned 
Pearce, wlio headed the group with the liberal arts curriculum. 
which applied to the national Once the provosts nominate their 
organization for UalD's chapter top students, the campus chapter 
and will now chair the planning wiil review the students' curricula. 
group for the chapter's formation, The review committee will only 
UalD was the top vote-getter of all look a t the academic record, 
eleven chapter applicants. The Pearce said. No committee or 
campus received 1551h out of the extracurricular activities will be 
possible 191 voting members. In considered. 
addition, there was no discussion Although the cut-off GPA has yet 
on the UCSD application despite to be detennined, it is expected to 
discussion tI. every other at>' . be around 3.75 or 3.' . In addition, a 
plicant. curriculum consisting tI. a lot of 

I UCSD MUIR COllEGE 
THE 5 e DIME 

PREIENT' 

'" SONG\JRITER 

FRIDAY· JANU :I~PM 
ON E SHOW' ONLY 

ADMISSION FREE 

THE DIME 
I LOC.ATED IN THE LOWER. MUIR. C.OMMONS 

It All 
Adds---

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

UniverSity City Office 
3264 Governor Dnve 
San Diego. CA 92122 

453·8030 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

459·9711 

ImnanWes and baak: COUl'IflI • 
I1Iiher thu voc:atiOllal COUl'IIeII, 
wiUbef ...... 

Pearce III.UIII'-l"I!e •••• llld bill "load 
hope" that uu year' ..... wiU 
,et aD OPltOrtunit, to be 
nomiDated. TIle c:ampua II DOW 
.waltlq fIII1IIer inatnactionI fnIm 

- tbe naUoaal orpniIation. Once 
tbey c~ in, Pearce said, • 
request for operating fWlda will be 
made to either ChanceUor 
McElroy or Vice-chancellor tI. 
Academic Affairs Paul Salbnan. 

Once the first initiates are 
chosen, they will be formally 
initiated at a dinner in the spring. 
This dinner will also mark the 
installation of the UCSD Phi Beta 
Kappa chapter. 

According to the campus Public 
Information Office, there are 
currently some 150 members of Phi 
Beta Kappa, both faculty and staff, 
at uum. There are now 225 Phi 
Beta Kappa chapters across the 
nation, with about 325,000 living 
members. 

CPB_ 

=- lncludinl tbe IIl1mlllit, 
". is leas tbaa the 1.7 percent 

raiIe requested by the University, 
bat doae to the 5.2 percent Increaae 
recommended by the CalIfornia 
Post Secondary Education C0m-
mission which is responsitile for 
making such recommendations to 
the state. 

In · addition to the operations 
budget request, the University has 
asked for $55.8 million to help 
finance its budget for capital 
improvements. Funds from the 
health sciences bond were to 
supply $27.8 million of this sum. 

The Brown budget, however, 
allocates only $42 million for 
capital improvements: $17.3 
million from the Capital Outlays 

[CeaUaecllnmhle I) 
He apedftcaIly~ referred to lITO ... IDIIIIIe cIUI'IIIi me movie. "Caleb II' 

and "'HIIIt Mean" • . 
At the start 01 "~h D," a laM needed to c:oafonn the projedecI 

iIDqe Ie .. sc:nell waa Del aUacbcId to die proJedor. The IUlIIeqoNIt 
search for Ibe lens, cellllpoanded.". .udie tIftIcultIes. delayed the IIt8rt tI. 
the motion picture for over hal an hour. 

I>uriDc the showing tI. "111gb Noon", when the switch was made from 
the first reel of the movie. to tbe sec:oad, the image on the screen im-
mediately became inverted. 

"AudiolVisual has the key to the room (projection booth,)" complalnad 
the.Board member. "We cannot get in." 

Because of the situation, on available dates the CPB will utilize the 
gymnasium, running the projector themselves. The WV Dept. has no 
jurisdiction over the gymnasium. 

In response to these complaints, William Vlymen, Director of the 
Audio/Visual Dept., stated that the reason for WV's total control over the 
projection booths was "for security reasons." The locked door policy 
came about because the AudiolVisual Dept. had been "subjected to 
$10,000 worth of rip-offs." 

When confronted with the question of his projectionist's proficiency, 
Vlymen reported, "They're as competent as anyone around here." 

UC San Diego 
Campus Program Board present 

Western 
OperQ' 

Theater 
(subsfdfor.Y of 

Son Frondsco Opera) 

in 
HE mARRIAGE 
OF FIGARO 

Jonwry 15, ':00 p.lII . 
....... Auditort"" 
Stlllll .... : $2.50 
Gentr" A4111is.lotI: $5.00 

Wedlle .. ,. ..... 1UU'y 12. 1m 

fund for Public Higher Education 
(COPHE) and $24.7 million from 
the health sciences bond. It also 
allocates an additional t2.5 million 
from COPHE for the operation 110" 
. . lAIIIIat .H'8 cw. ...... Nw 
". Governor'. a..taet Is by DO 

me.. final. The Ie,lalative 
...,. wUI .. w Itad7 It ad 
recolDlllend chalICe. to the 
lAIIIIatare wbich .m recGGltrDd 
Ita en versieD. Allembly speaker 
Leo ~rthy (D-San FranciIco) 
baa said there will be "fierce 
oomp«iUon for every tax dollar." 

The Legislature will return the 
Governor's reworked budget for a 
fmal "bluepencillng" or reductions 
of any allocations. When finished 
Brown will sign the budget which 
will become effective on July 1. 

Although anyone may testify at 
the budget hearings, it will be the 
task of UC Vice-President Chester 
McCorkle to convince the 
legislature that the University 
needs more money -next year than 
the .Governor has provided in his 
_budget. 

Unit 2... 
[CerMI Mdm.Pqel] 

steady stale." sajd c.tinp, 
"we'rt ....... er.ctIJ IMbiDd 
.. project. t:.rller ...... u.. 
.......... he tIIat 'I'Idrd 
CGIq_a ....... ·' .nu.. 
MeN .... wbat .......... .. 
abeut, aiIII the ,111ft ......... 
will mean aa even stroJtget' 
educational ptOlIfUL" 

"A Gnat 0.," 
UCSD Assistant CbanceUor 

David Ryer, anGlber lnclividual 
keenly ilwolved in getting funding 
for Unit Two, succinctly described 
the thoughts of many by saying. 
"it's a great day for the campus." 

Ryer said we received the money 
because "we deserved it," but then 
added that "they (uq must have 
recognized our cogent argumen-
ts." 

Stu·dent · Cooperative Union 
External Affairs Coordinator Andy 
Schneider saw several factors as 
inBtrwnental in making the state 
reverse their previous stands on 
Unit Two funding. "First, we tried 
to make apparent to everyone the 
concept that Unit Two is not II new 
set of buildings per se, but rather 
the final and necessary completion 
of a campus from plans drawn up 
years ago." 

Additionally. under Schneider's 
urging , the Student Body 
President's Council (SBPC) 
reversed a longstanding policy of 
"not getting involved" in capital 
outlay issues. This decision was 
arrived at by tile SBPC because tI. 
what they termed "the unlquenesa 
tI. Tbird College in- respect tD the 
IOcial community and thek 
academic focus wWUn tile IIdire 
UC system. " 

Because the SBPC felt that the 
UC system sbould have a school 
that botb appeaW to minority 
students and bad unique programs. 
they voted not GDly &0 IIUppIII't 
11Iird College Unit Two, but also tID 
lobby for Ita completion. Scllneider 
termed their testlmaDy before .. 
Recents, Department .. "lnaace 
.nd Legislative AllBlyS&'s 
Department as ''very important." 

Post'. Viall 
Matters were cOASIdered 

"perbaps breakinl" wben the 
LeglaIative Analysts sent a special 
team down to UCSD tD evaluate the 
programatic needa of Third 
College . . Tbeir favorable im-
pressions perhaps prompted A. 
Alan Post, the Legislative AnalYit, 
to make an infonnal visit last week 
to discuss Unlt Two and other 
issues with the Vice-Chancellors. 
During his talks his questions 
specifically dealth with what the 
uses of Unit Two would be, as well 
as its effects on the quality of 
student life. " We think a lot of his 
preconceived notions were 
changed," said Schneider. 

At long last it appears Third 
College has a definite home for the 
future. 

Wedaelda)'. Juaary12.1m triton time~ Page 5 

Book Review 

An Apple A Day .. And This Book 

;CPS)-n- ..... 1aDde kDow it 
Isn't tocp ...... Ie ,... 'OU w.y 
IhI'Olllb ~. --Pc fram 
the battle nat oalJ iDtac.i bit with a 
handsome GPA fit a.oot. WD a 
liUle practice, iapnulty and just 
plain nerve, • lIdDed cIlettante can 
circumvent course requirements 
with the sureness of a jackal 
.descending on carrion. 

Making things easier, .now 
there's a manual to consult, a how-
to book called Surviving the 
Undergraduate Jnngle--Tbe 
Student's Gulde to Good Grades, 
written by two Columbia 
University graduates, Kathy 
Krafts and Brenda Hauther. The 
authors say had they known of the 
academic ruses five years ago they 
"might have gotten into law school 
rather than writing this book." • 

And tbey de reveal • slew tI. 
tricka u.t .... ....,.ateed to · 
produce tbe bi.-t Jradee 
possible tritb • m.' .. wort. 
CIif' ..... 1110 ... •• Ne6eI ... 
8UQ8IIl8d ....... eI aetnau, 
readinI aD .... _ .. I, ..... 
CIasIdca.= ..... CMuIm .... 
to be aeoIfeci at. (aveated 
bibliographies, ~ papers, and 
even plagiarism are pert tI. tbe 
game plan, in fad, anythlng that 
saves your akin goes. Because of 
the dangers of being caught, 
cheating is dlicouraged, but 
numerous Ulicit methods are sW1 
detailed, so that the reader can at 
least cheat with sophistication. 

Several exam hints are outlined. 
The authors claim essays exams 
"beg for bullshit" and can be 
successfully taken by "writing, 
writing, and more writing, until 
your hand cramps and shakes, and 
then write some more." The wise 
student is mindful of the academic 
prejudices that govern If 
professor's grading system. "If 
your professor disagrees with a 
critic, you can write a long diatribe 
against the poor man. If he idolizes 
the critic, then your essay can 
dwell on the man's astounding 
perception and astuteness. (This is 
called indirect praise-use it.)" 

A sharp student never misses a 
chance to tactfully brownnose a 
professor who might come in 

Bike Shop ... 
(<at' ed .... PIICe 11 

The .............. 
nevertbalea, llliye broa8ht the 
_ lelbe8aa.Dleao CIt;J Council, 
boIIInI to pia 8IIppOIt for abe 
p\igbt of\he aIIeded bulk I "'«l. 

In a recent ... te C.1eman 
Conrad tI. tile Rules ComIDlttee tI. 
t~e San Die..lo QtJ Ceuocu, 
0Iaacd0r McEnf ."..d that 
the Bib Shop "m.latala. • 
carJlPIIHRIy orllatatlca. is 110& 
profit ... is lICIt inti hi te be in 
competitloa wtCh outside bike 
shops." 

.. Eke,.,. 
"We feel tbat tbIs model e& 

couragee lite valid eclucaUonal 
pul'pOlle of IlUlCh ventUres, provides 
students with dleful work ex-
perience and service to the campus 
community, particularly the 
students, all within an en-
virorunent which complements 
students' educational develop-
ment." McElroy said. 

But Tom 'Brown contends that 
the local bike .hop owners are not 
going to "get off our backa," and 
said that a bike dealer ijlreatens to 
close down the Bike Shop, ''If It Is 
the lasfthing be (the bike dealer) 
does." 

bandy at recommendation time, 
accordJnl to the .uthors. A holt tI. 
profaaors sbouId be kept In tow 
durinI CIIIe'. teun as .. un-
deqnd.... Yoa DeYer bow 
wbID you mtIIIt Deed CIIIe. 

'lbe ....... wbD wadi really 
pod ........ nat let pride ,. 
'in tile way t!1r'1I for a hi&ber 
..... Is cool. say the 
autIIen. it'. ,. IftOtber way tI. 
IK.'l"eWiDg tbe system. 

'!be book CCIIltainl advice for 
those times when you have to cop a 
plea with a professor or dean to get 
an extension or deferred exam. 
Excuses that never work are old 
chestnuts like a death in the family 
or personal illness. The authors 
suggest mental anguish, general 
fatigue , job overload, anything 
that is convincing but also vague. 

If you're bargaining for a higher 
grade, sleeping with the professor 
is out. "Honesty is the byword in 
sexual relationships today and if 

you do sleep with the prtl.essor he 
or she Is likely to grade you more 
harshly tban other students. 
InsteIId tI. that A and a ,rateful 
tweak on all four cheeks, yw are 
&Viae to get tile D )'QII deserve," 
.... Krafta and Hautber. 

TIle autbon have a warped and 
tynIcal view of today'. college, 
aeein« it as a necessary steppfug 
stone on the way to that law 
practice or fat doctor's salary. 
Colle-ge is not an end in itself. they 
insist, but instead a weeding out 
process for the proverbial real 
world, and you have to be ruthless 
to survive. 

This is a book for the pernicious 
college character who is swarming 
out of control; the cutthroat. 
Anyone less jaded and ambitious 
than the throat will find the guide a 
real snoozer. But the authors need 
Dot worry, because the way 
colleges look today, the book will 
doubtless be a best seller. 

! 

__ ~ lli~gt 
jlU)3'tc 

Lessons Repairs 
Itf.1f r.fln • '01ill(t • rentJ~ ~ \Pea've9 • fioSS't11Ctn 

• 'OYati® r Wbro r Ai~OJr Slmr.e r 
509 So. Hwy 101 EnCinitas 

753-1775 

(~13 (>1f?§f?llt§ 
film St:tit?citJl.: 

Frido~ Films 
JanUIIry 14, 7:00 p.m. and 9;30 p.m . 
MandIIYIlie AudItorium. $1.25 
NASHVILLE. 1975, directed by Robert 
Altman • .wrInG Henry Glbaon, Uly 
Tomlin, K8ren aleck, RoMe Blakley. 
and Kaith Carradlne. 
In re~ospecI . willi the U.S. lurning to 
QOUIlIry.wesfern mus<c. CB radios, the 
aood-oiO-boy 5o<Jth. el'd Jimmy Carter. 
AASHVIUE" is nothing short 0' ptOphelic. 
A"man shulftes and deals his twenty-fOUr 
characters ~ke playing cards: using the South 
al'd country music as a meeting groul'd for 
show business and a southem presldenUaI 
candidale's campaign. 
·"'v. nevar seen • movie I loved In quite IhIs 
way. 11'. /lie funniest epic" VIsion 01 America 
e.,., /0 reach ItIfJ 1ICI'8$!. 

Pau~ne Kael. no. New Yorl<er 

January 21 , 7:00 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. 
USB 2722, $1.25 
THE BLACK BIRO, 1975, directed by 
David Gil .... starring George Segai 
and Stephanie Audran 
An outrageoos spoof. with Segal starnng as 
Sam Spade. Jr. - the bumbling son of Sam 
Spade. Sr. (The Maltase Falcon). Now Segal 
has the falcOn al'd he'. up 10 his shoulder 
hotsIer In cutthroats .I'd roi)ues who ara out to 
get his "bi'd." LeePalricl< asthe.ecrolaty •• 1'd 
EHstoa Cook. Jr. as the gunsel return to r_at 
the rates they played in the original 1941 
version. 

February l1z 7:00 p.m_ end 9:30 p.m. Mlndavllie Auditorium. $1 .25 
WIND AND THE LION. 1975, dil'ld*l 
by John MIlIus. starring SHn 
Connery. Candaw 1IargIIfI. and BrIIIn 
Kaith 
THE WINO ANO THE LION Is baled on • 
tum.of.!he.cen!ury ovent In wIIlCh PreSldenl 
Teddy Rooseven (llflan Kerth) sant tna 
MarInes to rescue an Amenun oflzen 
(Candace Bergen) who was captured al'd 
held lor ranaom by. Moroccan ,"'ek. (Sean 
connery) . Rooseven Is tna WInd' and hIS 
Aroll 'oe 1$ the bon Macho IthOS Is .1 once 
glonOU$ly ceIeltrated el'd alyty debUnI<ed 

WI"tf?1 (2()()rtf:l ·,1 
February 25, 7:00 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. 
use 2722. $1.25 
ROBIN AND MARIAN. 1976. directed 
by RIctwrd lHter, starring Sean 
Connery, AudNy Hepburn, Robert 
Shew. RIc:hatd Harrla. and Nicol 
Williamson 
Robin Hood al'd LIttle John retum to 
Sherwood Foresl after twenty yaars 01 
senaeI ..... lighting In the Crusades R""'.rd 
the llonheart Is dead. Sherwood Forest Is 
OIIergrown al'd unfamiliar. Marian has 
be<:ome a nun. John 18 king. 81'd Robin 
refuses 10 accept lIIe fact thai twenty years 
have passed. Old iOIIes and old rivalries 
rekindle. but the earlier passion al'd bloodlust 
have mellowed. ROBIN AND MARIAN is not 
only an unusuat. witty. and deceptively ,onple 
,tory ebout heroes al'd heroines who've 
outlived ~heir t,me. II's also the first 
8ulllenticatfy romanlic fllm to be made in a 
long, long time. 

Soturdo~ Films 
Mardi 4. 7:00 p.m. and 9:30' p.m. 
Mandeville AuditorluIII, $1.25 
GONE WITH THE WIND, 1939, directed 
by V1c:tor FlemIng, starring Ciartc 
cw.. VIwtan LeIgh, 0IIviIt 1)eHevllllfld 
end LeeIIe Howard 

=~ ':'.J.IIL end ':JO p.m. 
IA .... IMI. 1971. dIraCtIII by Woody 
Men. awring Woody Allen. with 
DIIne "-"'" .. MItdon ...... 
Wr1IM,.. bohoo -" c-I (ps). 4000 
".. on rye', end one "'"" ~. a lal'n 
_ jUnIa. and ·'Vlva. Et Preoodonte. he s 
1ownl" 

January 15, 7:00 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. 
usa 2122. $1.00 
McCABE. MRS. MILLER, directed by 
Robert Altman, a'errlng Warren 
Beany. Jul" Christi., Rene 
Aubeijoumois • • nd Kelth Carradine. 
lIoundIrack by Leonald Collen 
McCabe Is a well·mearttng D<aggan who 
depend on a phony reputation as a 
gunslinger 10 WIn the respect that he crR.es 
Th. saloon al'd whorehouse he sets up (WIth 
tho help 0' t.ItS M,I r) becomes the SOCIal al'd 
finanCIal heart of the notIhwe tem town 0' 
Presbyte".n Churt:h Tho ... I led. soft II'd 
10'm1g t"bute to lhe de th 01 lhe AtneflCln 
Wast and the N"""can pron .... Cap.tal,sm Is 
the un,ma1. a sa In 

JanUilry 22, 7:00 p.m. 
USB 2722. $1 .00 
THE MALTESE FALCON, 1941 , 
directed by John Huaton. starring 
Humphrey Bogart, Mary Astor. Peter 
Lone. and SIdney Greenslreet 
THE TREASURE OF THE SIERRA 
MADRE. 1948, directed by John 
Huston, atarrlng Humphrey Bogart 
and John Huston 
THE MALTESE FALCON and THE 
TREASURE OF THE SIERRA MADRE are 
two John Huston. HumplVey Bogan dasslcs. 
They'r. myslery Ihrilters WIth style al'd 
substance. 

January 29, 7 :00 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. 
USB 2122. $1 .00 
SPECIAL SECTION, 1975. directed b·t 
Costa-Gravas ('Z' and STATE OF 
SIEGE) 
SPECIAL SECTION IS the celebrated film 
adaptallon 0' Herve Vilter. s "The Affalr of the 
Special Sec\IOn." tts fo<:us IS a mylh<eat 
bergaon (unan,mously believed al the lima) 
thai was atlegedly proposed by the Ge",!,ans, 
In France dunng August. 194 I - the Vichy 
period. The bargain was th,s One hUndred 
hoslages were to be shol by the Germans 
unlesS lhe French agreed to shool SIX 

pr1~ themselVes The French agreed to 
comply w,lII the Germans' demands. 
SPECIAl SECTION Is an analysis 01 man and po_. the French Siale, 01 lis . .. allOllailty. 01 
,ts "''9'' ocate chpIay. and of ,ts oppressive 
mach,nery 

==5 .. AucltorMln't 2:00 p.rn. - k "'.00 
0."- u.oo 

8:00 p.m. - It 81.10 
G.A.. $2.00 

DON QUIXOTE -
_ Friday. Fen.ry .. 

F.tINary 12, 7:00 p.m. Ind 9~ p.m . 
usa 21U, '1.00 
SNOW WHrTE, dil'ld*l by Wait 
Dlarwy ItarrIng Snow White and tile 
Seven bWiirta 
Some 750 "'.ney afIIsts _ked fnr lour yea .. 
to Cleate over a jTllllion drawing_ for thIS film. 
tr. wan Disney-s fir.t feature-length a,.mated 
fim al'd It Is alto one of the 11"'1 animated 
fims to w,n an Academy Award 

February 25. 7:00 p.m. and 9 :30 p.m. 
USB 2722, $1.00 
BUTlEY, dlrect8ci by Harold Pinlar tor 
tile American Film Tlle.,.r; starring 
Alan Bates and Je .. lca Tandy 
BUTlEY '5 an ouuageous. botle< bnlhant 
comedY It depICts one IlarlOWlng day ,n thl 

~f. of Ben Ilottey a tecturer In Engl,sh at • 
unlVers,ty In london 

Matcll 5. 7:00 p.m. and 9:30 p .rn. 
Mandeville Auditorium. $1 .25 
SWEPT AWAY. 1975. dl~ted by Llna 
Wertmull.r. starring Glancerlo 
Glennlnl and Marhmgele Melato 
Raftaella. a nch , beautiful. weI·tongued 
Milanese who has chanered • yacht. and 
Gennario, a swarthy SicIlian dectIhand ar. 
marooned 01'1 an Isolated desert ,&land In the 
Mediterranean She Is a capUMsl tor whom 
the system has paod off. he " a dedicaled 
communist SWEPT AWAY,s the sto<yol th ... 
tumultuoUs ooun,llIp 
"By lar the IIghlesl. mosl successlullus"", 01 
Miss Wertmutlor', two 'ellOl1te themes • ••• 
and poI,tics .. Vincent Ganay. TIre New Yorl< 
Times 

March 19, 7:00 p.m. 
USB 2722. $1 .00 
MORGAN, directed by Karel Reisz, 
starring David Warner and Vanessa 
Redgrav. 
Mor~an Delt IS an English Manelsl. an artISt. 
al'd " he can I be Tarzan. he " senle 'or King 
Kong Vanessa Redgrave IS hIS 
about-IO-be-remarried 9J1,-wlfe, and Morgan 
wants her back. Hdanous and pcHgnan1, a 
wildly oN·beat comedy .. Vincent Canby. The 
New York rmes 

QUACKSER FORTUNE HAS A 
COUSIN IN THE BRONX, 1970, 
directed by W.rls Hussein, starring 
Gene Wilder and Margot Kidder 
Ouackser Fortune is a bright. unschooied. 
noncornformlng trishman who ratuses lO work 
In Oubiin's oppressivelaetortes Instead he 
folloWs along beh.nd Oubtin', horSeS and 
peddleS their manunt (and oc:casIOMIty 
himMI) to -..-. At ebouI!he time tI\aI 
_ .. banned from the oily a"_, 
IhwoIIy dopri'ring /Wn (J/ hi, iI~ 

CIuIIcu.,.,....~. tiered. American 
college 1I1UdenI ............ hom on lor • lar1c ike 
a pel. _..,.",. """ "'- .". -1Ie·._iII_",""horand"~ • 
.-. The _ il the I;/Iasm end ciaIoIIicl 

~o;uII ...... ..",_""tuM. Thanoofifs 
II. anld rose al'd a cat. 
"Gene WIlder', performance Is sad. 
.-anl. open"'" ~ He IS """"'1 MarlIafK_ ISIIIwa¥I believal*. E __ 
... RIov ........ ty _ at IIIls earthy. --
comedy." HBc;.'rV 

ItIIIrch 12, 7:00 p.rn. 
USIt 1722. $1..00 
START nt£ MVOLUTlOlil WITHOUT 
ME. directed ~= Yortlln. S1arTing 
Gene Wilder. Suthertand. 
Hugh GrItftth and Orson w.u.s 
DonI1Id SUthe<ta1'd and G_ Wilder pia» two 
HIs of mosmalched tWIns - peaant .I'd 
aria\ocrllt, lI .. ~ pair land '" LouiS 
xvr. court, whiIit the OeSoci br~ .... 
thrown inlo e 1789 mane asykMn. ,n this 
roIIc!<lng, sw-'S/IbUdCHng farce h _ one 01 the 
funnrest films .ver made 

TOM JONES, 1963, directed by Tony 
Ricllaldsor . s tarring Albert Finney. 
Hugh Grlffl h. Dam. Edith Evans, and 
Susannah \ ork 
A romponglY It mantic elllSS"" thai guaranle 5 
10 t,bera yo<J Irom the educatlO!1ai blah" 
Everyone lOIIe,. TOM JONES 
Happy the mal' ~nd he ak)ne. he who can caJt 
thlSda~~-,O'~w[>,-_ ...... _ 

for more inlormallor 
about Friday and Saturday Hlms. 

please call 452-45511. 



...... ......... In .. 'H 

UCSI? To Offer Tribute To Dr. King 
The 1977 concert season of the will feature Turetzky on the bass, give ' a narrative on the Manson 

UCSD Music partment open& b8njo and guitar, Nancy Turetzky murders on January 26 at 3 in the 
with a tribut ~ to Martin Luther on flute, Cecil Lytle on piano and Mandeville Auditorium. 
King this Sun ay. at 8 in the Ann Chase on vocals. . The Student Production 
Mandeville A t;onum. The UCSD By ~r and Mike Seeger Will Cooperative is producing an 
Gospel Choir directed by Cecll perfonn 111 concert at the UCSD· . 
Lytle ,!ill pay homage to the late Gym this ~un,day at 8. Cooder is ~:=~e ;;r :hi~I~r:~m:nsp~ 

~. King. The concert ,!ill be no~ for ~ fme bottlen~k guitar be held today and tomorrow at 7: 30 
highlighted by the presentation of a play~ whlle ~ger 15 one of in Building C behind the Student 

wor~ by ~temporary composer Amenca's leading exponents of Center. Actors, actresses and 
LucUlJlO Beno. to be performed by dow~-home, grass-roots folk singers will be auditioned for a 
Sonor, a musIc faculty ensemble musIc.· sequence of c mic drama entitled 
conducte? by Bernard Rands. The On January 21 the Ririe- "The ElectricO Chair" and an all-

con~rt IS free and open to the Woodbury Dance Company ~ woman theater ritual entitled "Ten 
public. . . per~or~ at the MandeVille Good Women." Dancers of all 

Bert Turetzky and Frlen~ Will Audi~orlum. f!1e company. e!ll- experiences (jazz modern 

w ...... "........,. D, lIT7 

perform ~ext Wedn~sdB:y at 8 m the phaslzes a va~ed repe~ory wI~h classical, ethnic)' will b~ 
Mandevtl~e AuditOrium. T~e stress on theatrical stagmg, media auditioned fo}.' an original dance Elel=triC Ught Orchestra 
concert w~ be a blend of m~lc and.humor. . . piece entitled "A. Niemann." 
theater, Jazz, early Amencan Vmcent Bugliosl, attorney and 
music and Renaissance music, and author of "Helter Skelter ," will Technicians for set-up, sound Hard Rock, Com edy, and Jazz·. 

- and lighting will also be assigned 
as well as any persons interested in ~::~ of production assistant Variety Marks Concert Scene TYPING ERRORS 

AT YOUR 
CAMPUS STORE ERRORITETII 

. There will be a juggling 
workshop at the Revelle Campus 
Craft Center on January 29 at 10 
a.m. Bobby Rosenberg will present 
an historical survey of this art 
form, along with Individual 
training and demonstration. UCSD 
students: $5. 

The Electric light Orchestra, 
quite possibly the best pop-rock 
band In the world today, will 
perform at the San Diego Sports 
Arena on January 30. The band has 

Concert Scene 
NOW ALSO AVAILABLE IN BROWN, RED, BLUE 81 GREEN U~D Theatre opens Its 1977 

season with "The Taking of Miss 
Janie," February 3 at 8. Other 
performances are scheduled for 
February ~, 8-11 and 13 at 8 p.m. 
There will be a matinee on 
February 12at2. 

a hot selling albwn called A New 
World Reeord. Opening the show 
for the ELO will be special guests 
Firefall. 

- OUT OF SIGHT! Dave Mason, veteran British 
rock guitarist, headlines a concert 
at Golden Hall on January 26. 

UNIVERSITY Of CALIFORNIA, S.D. 
PARKING SERVICES 

PARKING CITATION NC?191595 
Tt • r " "-1 l 
I - 10 - 77- 11t.~,-- .5 P.M._ 

" , r I,UKI "l •• '" 'o! Otl [ L /" 

ell · rillTON . ""r , t..~()?L-tJ l HIClE 
t-OU l !;o 1. (flO'" iii) .ve :J SOM e VIOl ... rIO~ '~ ~ DUPO o OTHER 21113 A 

---

. PA-~~.~~ _Illf f}. ~ . 'fLUE.ZJY I(ILTJI~l1T f~T:.-_ 
'.a 1 REE ' o r TWI.E r-.. 151 RIo( tSI O R ''''II~ Tf: R NO 

1.. 1~I'IbPU '-:' PMl~lA/" . _ ANO_ __ 
l> Pl~"'ATtON 

LOC A TIO N 

I ,"UUI .,., "lAm 01 "1JUf1 l lUo l '" 10R&OI'" 1\ l lUI "It (omo no '1M' a (Dr1' Of '111\ (IUltOl .a\ maou 10 IIi U OY' DlS(_' 'UIIUI III 
' ((010""(1 ~I" \I{ 41111 OF l !If 'UI(II {Dot Of '"' mil 01 (AUIOIIU 

---i ~s'-u~;;!;~ EA'r-'l#i. ~;;~OG'NO 1.1- ~=; 
,ou ,. "UUt 1101111£0 10 Am ..... lfOIt ,. MUlI{tUI (OUII {tnlt " I'SO n t tlllOlT IIlSt IU'II \ U 11(1;0 U nlfl 
111111 II 'A F\ IIDUti I .. 10 ~ '111 (tOlti \4IUl1)t" \III04n ue MO ll'Hi 

YOU MAY '051 UIlIIT.t PltSOMAILY 01 II MAil 1M IIIU 01 A'PUtU<I 
U llIIKIUU\ IF .,1 P04.IU Wilitli II ta fCJ 

'01 tail 1.00M' flOM SU IIVltsl SIOL unlll 10 ,malar '0\1 1.1 11 WlU n\ll l It! IIWL 1'10(1101"'\ WI~I 
'l1li 1t"~1I"0 onU 10' VlOU"O_ Of nil ,toft ""MID \lenD_ t. 1«0100(1 " 'M I ... no.,,,OI\ Of "eno_ 411" Of 
IIiI.WMlm ( OOI.~ 1!If Ulfl OJ ( llIfONJ. 

PARKING INFORMATION 
CITATIONS ARE ISSUED TO ILLEGALLY PARKED VEHICLES. 

Parking permits are required on campus 7:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday. 
Parking meter fees are also required during these hours. 

Student ["S" permit] parking is restricted to YELLOW STRIPED SPACES in campus 
parking lots. 

P;ltking permits are sold at the central cashier's office, Building 401, Matthews 
Campus 8:00 AM through 3:00 PM Monday through Friday. 

You must furnish proof of vehicle ownership [vehicle registration document] at the 
time of permit purchase. ~ 

If you have any questions or need assistance please call parking services on extension 
4223 or stop by Building 400, Matthews Campus. 

UCSD Parking Services 

The Steve MIller Band returns to 
the San Diego Sports Arena 
February 5. MIller had one of the 
most successful LP's of 19'18 in Fly 
Like An Eagle. 

Kansas will be performing at the 
Sports Arena on January 21. 

Saxaphonist extr .. rdinaire 
Grover Washington Jr. will 
headline an evening of con-
temporary jazz at Golden Hall on 

Steve Miller 
January 16. Special added at-
traction ~ pianist/arranger Bob 
James. 

Cheech and Chong will perform 
thru Thursday at the Gaslight 
Room, located above Spanky's on 
Midway and Rosecrans. There are 
two shows nightly at 7:3Oand 10:00. 

Foghat plus Rick Derringer will 
appear at the Sports Arena on 
February .10. Foghal has a new 
8lbwn called Nllht SIaHt featuring 
the hit single "Drivin' Wheel." 

Dorm Food 
Made Easy 

(CPS) - Students holding their 
stomachs and moaning and 
groaning about the alleged food 
served in their dorms will be 
heartened by Terry Fisher's new 
cookbook. 

Fisher, 21, a student at the 
University of Virginia, has written 
a cookbook aimed at dorm 
dwellers. Its title is "The inter-
national Student's Guide to 
Cooking Without Getting Caught." 
In it, she outlines handy methods 
for preparing donn room cuisine 
with only a thermos, an iron, and a 
hot pot for boiling water. 

Fisher says it is poI!I8ible to grill a 
cheese sandwich with the Iron, 
cook macaroni In the thennos, and 
to make fruit crunches, bread and 
casseroles in the hot pot. . 

To make grilled cheese sand-
wiches, Fisher advlset students 
wrap the sandwich in foU, set the 
iron on "cotton," and place the Iron 
on top of the sandwich u if It wu a 
handkerchief, beine careful not to 
squeeze the sandwich. For 
macaroni, put boiling wlter and 
pasta in the tbennoe and let It sit 
for an hour. Aa for cauerolel, 
desserta, and breads. Flaher laY' 
cook them by placm, the 

. ingredlenta In a tin can, coverinllt 
with foil, and putttnc It In the hot 
pot with bollin, wlter and 
steamlnl it for an hour or more. 
VoUa! A repast unmatched In any 
twc.-blt cafeteria. 

Wedae .... Y.Jaaary 1%. 1m • rlto .. tl .. )('S 

T RiTO'N ClASsifiEds 
fOR SAlE 

Honda E.pr~""o nlotorized bike just bought 
must sell only tOO miles Includes helmetS260 
753·3099 

1971 Chevy Vega , 74 engine; good economy 
car - $800 • call 232-8763 (1/21 I 

For Sale: Women's wet .ull . spring sull size 
10 $35. Body-glOve 224-1589 (1/14) 

Piano Rentals : Special student rat ••. 276-
6064 L_ message. (1/19) 

1971 Toyota Corona 4· [)r. A/C AM-Fm Goood 
condition $1350 459-1250 or 452-2729 (III 4) 

For Sale : MGB GT 1 Q88 Model In perfect 
condilion . Has had TLC since purchase. 
Private owner. Best ollar over$l900 takes It. 
Call Solana Beech 75f>-2416 lor appol nlment 
10 see. 

Own bedroom and bath In two bedroom 
Clalrmonl apt. Non-smoker 292-1885 or X-

~. George 

Female roommate own bedrm . Own balh on 
beaCh In Del Mar Call 755·2637 D.M. 

Female student seeking studiO apartment . 
D.M. l.J. P.B. M.B. areas conlact Lynne 272-
7009 (1114) 

Roommate wanted. 4 bdr house Unlv. City. 
Own rm. balh . frpl . palio 134 & 1/3 Uli . 2965 
Fned 51. M or F. any lime. 

Housing Contracl for sale Immediately . Muir 
apartment. MIF Jamaica: 453-7245 (1/14) 

Own rm in 1ge. Del Mar house . I /2 bl from 
ocean- female preferred . Available Im-
medialely 75f>-1334 (1/14) 

1 Female roommate needed to share 2 Br apl. 
Own room & bath fum. 15 min. to UCSD 
sao /month 272·7146 

Roommate w ... ted commuler grad ~tudent or 
pro!. M or F to Share small 2 bedroom house 
wl male Unlv .. lty Instruclor, 2 or 3 
daysl week, S30 to $40 a month. 231-6720. 
(1/14) 

Female roomm8le wanted. A .. llable Feb. 1 
own room In 2 bdrm lIP!. 4 blocks from 
beach. Meflow PB neighborhood. Preter 
.tudent or worker ewar 21 . Call Carol al 273-
0995 at 8 a.m ., I p.m . and 7 pm 

La Jolla I'''' miles from echool. Own room , 
pool nearby $115 per month. Call Jon. 453-
6471 _ 

RM wanted $901 mo. sha", room for wlnt.r 
ql. Nice house, close to beech In Del Milt 
75$-7818 
Need I or 2 for large master bedrm with own 
bathroom In 3 bed lownhouse 5 min from 
UCSO. w ... t qu'-I-nonamokers. Unfur-
nished . Washerldryer & stove & ret rig. 
areavailabl • . Call Cheryl or Cindy 453-&433 

F4659 lOA The Writing Course 4 Tut 
6 MWF 2:00-2:50 TIH102 
F4662 t OA The Writing Course 4 Tut 
8 MW 7 :00-8:20 TIH 502 
Roommate w.,led for ,pring end ,urnmet', 
1977 wllh option to rent "..t y_r_ 3 bedroom 
condo, Playmor L.. Jolla I.... mll_ Irom 
school . Own raom, pool n_rtI¥ $115 1* 
month . Call Jon. 453-&471 . 

PERSONAls 
II you .,. not _'ling a ~ oA "Go ForIh" 
please drop by MC 302 and I .... your 116-
Clre .. w~h receplionl8l _ • 

Dawn: For paint ... try baalc -.:h law : "If 
you can'l ... It and It can'l HI YOU. you can't 
take It home with you ." Lo ... is l04al In· 
volvement with the Ma, while sex Is merely 
lusting altar big wa_ and gnarly storms • 
Don Patrol 

TRAVEL 
TRAVEL 

Book On C..,pual 
Charter fIIghls to Europe. 

Hawall & Asia 
CIEE Student Travel Services 

Open Weekdays t 2-4pm 452-0630 

Lost- Br9wn wali.t important 10 & paper. 
please contacl Dave 222-2443 

COPIES 
31' ( No Y2 MlfllnHHll 

1')0,", I " illhl" '.11" 2.'·1 I l2l 
',IRK C,,Iiq'.,, ;, .... .'Ell6IR'l 

M ..... Altenellw •• 
s.. .... ,Pre·UtI '-... 

583·LlFE 

ANNOllNCEMENTS 
Fourth College lOA Sections 6 and 8 wili not 
meet at the times listed In the Update. Please 
consult the original Winter catalogue for 
correct limes and places. The correcl 
schedules are: 

Free Flick I See The Sorrow and the PIty 
Thursday night , 7:30-11 :00 pm. HL 1402. 
Presented by the Department of History . 
Public Welcome. 

Error in the Wlnt .. Schedule Update: Fourth 
Colleoe (Schedule Changesl " 

Save $10.00 to $59.90 if you act now. 
If you've been thinking about 

getting a programmable, 
'lexas Instruments has a 

special offer for you 
,NOW 

SR-56 $109.95* . • 
It ,OU w.ftt .n Incredible allde rule c.lcul.tor th.t·, 
.. eo prog,.mm.bIe, then thlal, the one for ,ou. 

There're 74 preprogrammed functions and opera-
tions. And it has AOS, TI's unique algebraic oper~ting 
system, the underlying reason an SR-56 is so power-
ful. It'll let you handle problems with as many as 
9 sets of parentheses. Talk about memory. An SR-56 
has 10 (11 if you count the T-registered.). And you can 
do arithmetic with all of them. 

Chances are you'II soon discover how really easy 
it is to program. An SR·56 has 100 steps. Six logical 
decision functions. Four levels of subroutines. Dec-
rement and skip on zero. Compare a test register 
with the display .to make a conditional branch. And 
this is just the beginning. ' 

Think about it. Can you really afford to put off get-
ting your SR-56, now? 
r - - - - - '- - - - - - - - - -- - - Cl 
I Texas InsINments wil reblile $10.00 01 your original SR-56 purchase pric.e when I 

you; tIl retum 11115 completed coupon including serill number (2) along wrth your I I conipleted SR-58 customer informatIOn card (oIclced in box) and (3) a dated copy I of proof 01 your purchlse. veritylllg purch3se between Jan. 1 and March 31 . 1977. I 

I .... 11 R.lllie 0IIIr I 1'. 0 . ... 121. I RIcIIt,.... T_,laM I 
I ~~ I 
I Ack2ress --- I 

City SW ZIP---I SR-5& SeriII No _________ (Irom back of calculalor) 
I PI .... lllow 30 days lor rwllllI . 

~-----------------~ 0fIII >0lIl-' p ..... ",lew Goodin ~ U 5 Ofti't 

SR-52 $299.95* 
If you w.nt the computer· like power of • card pro· 
gr.mm.bIe then choose thl, one . 

Techniques like optimization, iteration, data reduc· 
tion, what-if matrices, mathematical modeling, need 
nottie up your mind-oryour time. 

But learning to use it is a hassle, you say. Not true. 
Prerecorded programs are gathered into software 
libraries : Electrical Engineering. Math. Statistics. 
Finance. All you need do is load a mag card, press a 
few keys and you'lI get answers that previously 
required a computer. .' 

You can make your own programs Just as easily. 
In just a couple of hours you'll begin to ~ 
prove what a powerful asset you have-
right at your fingertips. 

And there's not a better time to get an 
SR-52 than right now. 
r------------- ---- Cl 
I Eleclrical Engineenng . Statistics. Math Anan<:e Choose ~ny two and (1) return I this compleled coupon Including sellal number along WIlli (2) your completed I I SR-52 seriIlIlzed customer Information card (packed in box) and (31 a dated copy 

01 proof 01 your purchase, venlylng purchase between Jan 2C and March 3t . 1977 I 
I SR.52,," IOlIwIra IIbflry on" I I P. O. 1011210 

RlclllnilOll. T.uI15080 I I Name ___________ ~ _____ _ 
I Address I 
I City State LIP I 

SR·52 Serial No. ----=:-7:"':-:-----;; I Math __ StalistlCs . 
Tws Instruments reseNtS lilt right to substitute softWare libra lies 01 equal value. I I bIIsed upon al/lliabAIty . ........ Now 30 days lor delMtry. L ________________ _ ~ 

'.--pm TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
6S58' ttnl __ -"- INCORPORATED 

Page 7 



.... e. • ...... ',J....,U,I917 
Ev.e oct 's Er ible 
Wi termurals Begin Thi~ Week 

bJ~R ... _-
StaflWrtW 

It's that ttme of the ye .. again. 
Wider Quarter. Time to go to 
clasaes when you'd rather be off in 
the mountains skiing. Or off in the 

. desert camping. Anything but 
starting classes. Don't be too 
discouraged. A new quarter also 
brings a new beginning for in-
tramurals. 

As always there is a full schedule 
of intramural activity on tap, 
everything from Softball to 

Hawaiian Football. Don't be bash-
ful, don't study too hard, get out 
there and enjoy yourself. 

Just to give you a little bit of help 
in deciding what sport to play the 
following information on each 
sport should come in rather handy. 
It includes the time of the captains' 
meeting, when during each week 
the sport will be played and how 
the sport will be organized. 

Pitch Softball 
Captain's Meeting: Thurs. Jan. 

13,3: 30 pm; Rec. conference room 

Now's the time to 
change from tradition,. 
Discover the othe r side .. : 
SQUA1U PAN PIZZA, 
your UNround pizza 
hea,jQuarlers is offerin g 
the U do it Special... 
a 7·U Neola 
gla ~ and 16oL. 
of ~. p for 
onl" .49 c , 

You get to keep the glass! 

Only at your UNround 
pizza headquarters ....... 

Playing Times: Monday af-
ternoons, all day Saturday. aU day 
Sunday. 
Special Notes: One Pitcb Softball 
is a "gentlemens' game," played 
without referees, and playoffs. The 
object here is for everyone to get 
wanned up for Spring Quarter 
softball. 

Basketball 
.Captain's Meetings: Friday. Jan. 
.14, 3:00 pm - Coed ; 4:00 pm -
Women; 5:00 pm - Men. Rec. 
conference room. 
Playing Times: Mon., Wed., 

Thurs., 7-11 pm; Sun., 10 am - 10 
pm. 
Special Notes : This is the big sport 
for winter quarter. As in football-
separate championships will be 
determined for "A" "B" and "C" 
levels 'of play. And for the little 
people there is a league for those 
who top out at 5'10". 

Hawaiian Football 
Captain's Meeting : Tuesday, Jan. 
18,4: 00 pm; Rec conference room. 
Playing Times: Tuesday and 

. Friday afternoons. 

. .. _. 

:':.-

: ~, 
~ :( 
, .-
: -..; 
, '. ;; 
., 

OCUN IIACM 11 CAJON MISSION IIACH STAft C~ LA JOLLA 
5OO1 1IIwpofI~ 513" 211d Sl mv......... ill'e-.. ..... ,,, ....... 

222·11n _ nn .... ""'1' *"UI 
.. ______ Offer good while supply la5Is. ______ .. 

Special Notes: Another "ge~ 
tlemen'. game" played without 
referees or playoffs. Tbe sport is 
deaigned for the football diehards. 

~r 
Captain's Meeting: Wed., Jan. 19; 
3:00 pm - Men; 4:00 pm - Coed; 
Rec. conference room. 
Playing Times : Monday af-
temoons, All day Saturday and 
Sunday. 
Special Notes: Soccer is divided 
into levels of play with separate 
playoffs for each division.' 

Floor Hockey 
Captain's Meeting: Thursday, Jan. 
20,4 :00 pm - Men; 5 :00 JXIl- Coed; 
Office 21. 
Playing Times: Tuesdays,7-11 pm, 
Saturday mornings. 
Special Notes: Hockey is looking 
for several new teams to form' 
leagues with inexperienced 
players, rather than throwing new 
teams up against the experienced 
enes. 

..... 

Congratulations are in order for 
Fall Quarten football champions. 
Scripps took the Animal Bowl title 
over Fidum Scit, 20-8. Raw Meat 
won the Banana Bowl, 18-0, over. 
Kank Duxstad. Hump and Run' 
took the Cadaver Bowl, 1~, over 
league rival Big Nukes. And last 
but not least the Roughriders 
captured the Climax Bowl, 
defeating Riviera Yacht Club, 22-6. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS' 
The Mu ir College Commencement 
Commi"ee is naw forming. A ll 
interested seniors p lease apply 
through the Muir Dean's Office in 

" 21 25 H&SS. We need youl 

Scott 
, Run On Bowl 2 

. It was io cold in M1chipn thet pet warninp were beinl issued aunng 
news broadcasts and the snow outside wu piling high while mine was 
geUing me there too and I had just finished reading and eatiDC a Naked 
Lunch, whicb melted the frosting off the Santa Clau cookies, and my 
Christmas cards to the seven women and two girls that I told 1 was deeply 
and earnestly and honestly in love with were in the mail so it seemed like 
a good time for a fix of football 

only instead of football there was UCLA In the Uberty Bowl and the 
teddy Bruins with their nicknamed towels that should all be changed to 
read "GAG" were mauled by Papa Bear Bryant and his flowing Tide of 
bad young boys 

so 1 began switching my intan and saw Oklahoma in a one-team Fiesta 
as -Elvis Peacock proved again that he has the name and the moves to 
be a rock star running around on- stage with a back-up band playing 
metallic cocaine bebop which Notre Dame sure wasn't listening to in the 
second half of their bold-on win over PeM State in the bowl game whose 
name, Gator, does not have its first half -

and then it was time.for the really good stuff New Vean Bowl Blitz, 
whicb started out with Tony "I Wanna Make More Money Tban OJ" 
Dorsett and his Pittlbuflb Panther sideshow laying claim to the national 
champiGllSbip by ruming over Georgia in the Stgar Bowl where ABC 
announcer Jim Lampley was back in acUon after losing or winning the 
hearts of many sports fans the week before when be was arrested for an 
old but outstanding Florida marijuana charge __ " 

but I couldn't just stay on Sugar because the CottOn didn't look too 
rotten with Houston's Alois Blackwell making easy pickings of 
Maryland's undefeated-against-nobodies TelTllpin turtles so it was 
channel 2 then 7 then 2 then 7 and back and forth and back and fortb and 
switch switch click click click Dorsett Blackwell Dorsett Blackwell lUltil I 
began seeing colors colors red yellow orange blue green, no, those are 
roses 

roses! it's the Big Daddy of them all the one and only Rose Bowl with 
McKay-less USC going against Michigan forcing me to evaluate and 
decide my true loyalties which was no problem because in the West 
teams except UCLA know how to play run-pass pass-run cool~ool football 
while in the Midwest it is dull boring monotonous conservative runrunrun 
which Dandy Don Meridith intelligently and accurately attributed to the 
fact that "they're more interested in winning than having fun" and so 
that is what the Trojans had all of even without the services of Rickey 

Bell.beca~se Vince Evans was throwing the ball better than he ever has to 
Shelton who digs catching it in the air or on the ground or on his back and 
USC previewed their next great speed-buming taUback in the person of 

BOOKSALE - Fantastic Sav ingsl Charles White who is _only a freshman and already threatening to enter 
M any tit les. Friday, January 14 the Super Cool Hey Baby Hall of Fame because he's got no Victory signal 
from l O am to 4 pm. H & S S Bldg. or touchdown dance but instead a very casual I-just~d-it-mama trot and 
4th floor M uir Campus. walk back to the huddle or the sidelines after another one of his slick 

t,'C"-O"-MMU'---'-"-N"-'I'r'Yl quick runs which is what 1 did back to California where there wasn't any snow just 
plenty of grass so I missed the Orange Sun Senior Hula Boola Etc. Bowl 

'BLOOD 'D A l\.:rrr ~ because how much can a po' boy do but come Super Duper Sunday me f ~ .. .&~ and 80 million other Americans mainlined the biggest of the big games 
, 983 India , and saw another crisp clear Southern California day that always in· 
, 327 F Street , creases people 's yen for West Coast migration which is about the speed 
t PAYS DONORS ' with which the drag sluggish unfrantic Vikings, those four-time losers, 
• \ moved the ball against Oakland who has so many NFL bad 50ys and 

! f S · ! strange creatures like space-grabber Fred BUetnikoff or erVlce ! which might have made the Raider's victory in America's nwnber one Mon .• Fri ; national event peculiarly significant if the effects had not been over· t 233-548i (I shadowed by the Second Coming of Disney and the Musketeers whose L __ ._.,,~~:~~,.,_,_~ ~:.me hallucinatory qualities pushed me way way over the football 


