
. 

Bookstore Manager Points Finger 
At Publishers for Text Prices 

by David Eisen 
Executive Editor 

Campus bookstore manager 
Paul Mares says he knows one 
group not responsible for the high 
cost of textbooks: the bookstore. 

"We take the prices right off the 
invoices from the publishers, just 
as most of the college bookstores 
around the country do," Mares 
said Wednesday. "In fact, after 
paying for freight and postage, we 
lose money selling the books, and 
have to sell other things to remain 
solvent." 

With some 16-unit schedules now 
callin.g for over ,100 in books each 
quarter, the Triton Times at-
tempted to find out where the 

money goes. The results obtained 
included: 

-that publishers price textbooks 
higher than pleasure books 
because of what they call "un-
certainty in the business; " 

-that bookstores are now moving 
toward surcharges and taxes to 
offset textbook sales losses; 

-that bookstores are sold text-
books by publishers at about a 20 
percent discount off retail price, 
compared to an average of 40 
percent on other books; 

-that inflation has not hit book 
prices as hard as it has other 
products; and, 

-that at least one professor 
identifies a monopoly in the college 
textbook business. 

.---,,---City Desk--
.A Weel~ly SUNey of 

State and Local News 
Padres, City Clash on Finances 

The San Diego City Council voted last week to delay a showdown 
between it and the San Diego Padres over the formula used by the 
baseball club to repay a $2.1 million loan to the city. 

The council decided to return the matter to its Pu15lic Facilities and 
Recreation Committee for the hearing this morning, where the Padres 
can expect an interesting time from committee chairman Floyd 
Morrow, who believes the Padres should be forced to repay the loan on 
schedule. 

The showdown was expected after the Padres failed to make the 
first $335,000 · payment on the loan-which was used to publicize the 
team-by midnight April 1, the original deadline. As the repayment 
schedule now stands, the Padres are to repay the city 50 cents per head 
for all attend.ance over 800,000. 
Since that plan was drawn up, though, the Padres have balked at its 

features and the City Councilman Lee Hubbard has proposed a new 
repayment plan more favorable to the baseball team. 

UFW, SO Farmer Ink Labor Pact 
A South Bay rancher and the Unifed Fannworkers have signed the 

firs t contract in San Diego county under the 1975 California 
Agricultural Labor Relations Act. 

UFW president Cesar Chavez and South Bay tomato grower Samuel 
S. Vener signed the contract at a ceremony last Thursday at the San 
Diego Federal Savings and Loan Association building in National City. 

At a press conference following the signing-which gives workers at 
the bottom of the pay scale an inunediate wage hike of 25 cents an 
hour-Chavez said the contract with Vener will serve as a model to 
show other growers what the farmworkers union is willing to accept. 

Faculty Workload Figures Asked 
SACRAMENTO-The University of California has won a first round 

in a fight with the state Legislature for 22 new faculty positions, but UC 
did not come through the bout unscathed. 

'The University will now have to supply accurate information on the 
workJoad of its faculty before requesting additional positions. The 
University agreed to this in a letter from UC President David Saxon to 
Legislative Analyst A. Alan Post. 

In return, the Senate Finance Subcommittee on Post Secondary 
Education approved the new faculty position. The only other option 
which would have allowed the university to keep the 22 faculty 
positions was to have the language of the Saxon letter written into the 
budget. 

The conflict over the faculty positions began when Post recom-
mended to the Legislature to eliminate the 22 positions from the state 
budget for a savings of $428,322. The University had requested the 
additional faculty for an estimated enrollment increase of 373 students 
next year. 

Von Hoffman to Speak Wednesday 
The caustic wit of Nicholas Von Hoffman will be featured Wed-

nesday night in the last of the Issues Forum series, sponsored by the 
Office of Community Services. 

Von Hoffman, a Washington DG-based columnist and author, will 
speak at the City College Theatre at 7: 30 pm. His presentation is titled 
"Icon Smashing." 

Admission for the noted libertarian's talk is free on a first come, 
first-serve basis and parking will be available adjacent to the theatre, 
which is located on 15th and C streets downtown. 

$1,000,000,000 Refund Possible 
One billion dollars in refunds for overcollections by California utility 

companies may become available to state consumers in the next 18 
months, the president of the state Public Utilities Commission said 
last week. 

Robert Batinovich said the rebate would be due to over collections 
dating as far back as 1969 on natural gas and electric rates and 
telephone bills. 

Batinovich said the bulk of the overcollections have been in gas rate 
and telephone bill increases allowed by the Federal Power Com-
mission. 

II also speculated that instead of the direct refunds the over-
~·u llcctcd money would perhaps be held in reserve to check future rate 
"llTcases. 

Attempts to get information 
from publishers yielded little, with 
several companies identifying 
pricing information as con-
fidential. A representative of San 
Francisco-based Harcourt Brace 
Jovanovich told the Triton Times 
that prices vary according to the 
individual negotiations between 
the company and the author. The 
representative identified the type 
of cover, the amount of color and 
the amount of pages as other 
factors . . 

Another source told the Triton 
Times that authors receive an 
average of 15 percent in royalties, 
which varies by the stature of the 
author. 

Ex Libris Bookstore represen-
tative Tom Shaw said that he 
believes textbooks must be priced 
higher than "pleasure" books 
because they "have less universal 
appeal. The print run is smaller, 
the audience is very specialized, 
and it's harder to make money. 
You don't really know how much of 

However Resol utions 

In a quarterly scenario. students queue up In half-hour long lines . 
a given book you'll be able to sell, if 

. you are the publisher." 
UCSD's Mares said that textbook 

inflation has failed to hit the 
bookstore as hard as it has in other 
products. A $110 book purchased 
today, Mares estimated, would 
have cost $80 five years ago. 

Noting that " I can't say that 
books are really overpriced, but 
the distribution of the dollar is 
wrong," Mares criticized the 
amount publishers earn per book 

ti 
00 ......... 

Advisory 

compared to bookstores, saying, 
"We've been fighting with them 
(the publishers ) for years." 

He added that many bookstores 
are adding surcharges and taxes to 
make up for losses stemming from 
freight and postage. The extra cost 
for students in some bookstores 
amounts to 20 cents per book. 
"We've thought about it," Mares 
said. 

Several sources told the Triton 
Continued on Page 3 

s 
Meadey, April 11, lJ77 

City~ ~ounty OK DNA Research Guidelines 
by Joel C. Don 

Associate News Editor 
Scrutiny of genetic engineering 

research at UCSD was thought to 
be finished after a San Diego City 
Council task force report favoring 
the continuation of the research 
was approved by a council suD-
committee. 

But in two separate and recent 
actions, city and county govern-
ments have decided to take a 
closer look at UCSD's involvement 
in genetic engineering or the sc.r 
called recombinant DNA research. 

The City Council, although ap-
provin~ a set of recommendations 

from Its Quality of Life Board, 
expressed concern for the potential 
hazards of the genetic experiments 
atUCSD. 

The council proposed continued 
monitoring of UCSD's research 
involving recombinant DNA 
molecules, which would involve the 
continuation of the DNA Study 
Committee of the board. The 
committee began studying the 
issue in July 1976, when the city 
learned of UCSD's plans to con-
struct facilities for the expansion 
of recombinant DNA research. 

The committee concluded seven 
months of testimony with an 18 

page report essentially approving 
UCSD's research with some minor 
recommendations. 

Recombinant DNA research 
involves the transplantation of 
genes by a cut-and-paste method 
from one organism to another, to 
create organisms with uew 
properties and potentials for 
genetic expression. 

Great Benefits Seen 
Proponents of the research claim 

great benefits to man, including 
greater knowledge of disease 
processes, cheaper production of 
antibiotics and honnones and 
even a bacterium which could eat 
up oil spills. 

Critics of the research cite the 
potential hazards of releasing an 
organism into the environment 

Continued on Page 5 

Police: no 
Progress on 
Threats Case 

UCSD police chief Hugh French 
is . 'downhearted, and not very 
optimistic," about the nearly twc.r 
month old investigation into the job 
threats received by five campus 
staff members in February. 

The San Diego office of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation, 
which is working with UCSD police 
on t e case, appears less 
pe imistic. "We are currently 
elimin ting possible suspects from 
our lis~, and everything we do 
brings us closer to solving the 
ca e," FBI spokesman Jordan 8 Nayl r said Thursday. 

Iii Th case concern a serie of 
:: IIV 1;::, d IIU c:t l t!d \ Ollt! phone cat! 
~ r ceiv d between Feb. 4-10, by 
2 bla k ampu em Jnyees. The 
:: thr ats told th employ , in 
... >ff t, to quit their job in favor of 

Iller/II 11' 111 . bUI lIIlIqu . NoIU Kmg glUes colt op land a ride to R u lIe wlul mploy e or els . 
«(fIlIPIl~ w,d IlIrrI~ a j w II ad III til pro e He rs and rid r w r on j II 1 ller were 'i n d "KKK .. 
(<IIIIP'" I" pllh/,ril' 'til UCSD I {o~ebo k R,d,ng th ugh a I a1 Ku Klux KU;n 
<III · ( I/t Olll<"/,-'/iu colllhe dllb tit '152 403 ntlnued n pag 3 



MoadaY. AprO 11, 1J77 

TO 
MGt 

Call 454-9565 ANYTIME 

FR 
"A~~BI!IIIT" BARTHOLOMEW 

Letters To The Editor 

What Do You Say'To .Hungry World? 

"Time is definite y expan e 
when you're inside the tube," 

-Shaun Tomson 

LaPaloma Theatre SHOWS '7U' ..... 
Pacific Coa.t Hwy, at D St.·ENCINITAS· info 753 3955 

Mon-Fri I II-IS 

TABLE TENNIS 
TOURNAMENT 
SATURDAY, APRIL 16 gam 
RECREATION GYM 
All Levels-

(Handicapping) 
Beginning 
Intermediate 
Advanced o 

1st 2nd 3rd p . . All D' . . 
- - - nzes In IV1Slons 

~ 
Grand Prize PING PONG TABLE 
Donated by CARNEGIE A-440 PIZZA 

\ 0 Entry Fee $1.00 

o 

Sign-up M,W, F 2-4:30pm in 
Recreation Gym - Room 20 

o ~ / 
" I 

" I \ I 
\ , 

SPONSORED BY PHYSICAL EDUCATION' RECREATION 

During the week of April 18-22 
the Trident Christian Fellowship of 
UCSD will be sponsoring a Hunger 
Awareness Week. The week will be 
devoted to presenting the plight of 
starving people around the world. 
Speakers, films, a bunger banquet, 
and a (ast are planned. 

To help students and faculty to 
become more aware of the 

Health Center 
Issue Debated 
In Next ·'Forum' 
. Have you had good experiences 
with the UCSD Health Center? Or 
have you had some poor ones? 
Perhaps you have some 
suggestions for improvement. If 
you (it into'any of these categories 
you might consider participating in 
the upcoming Triton Times 
Forum. 

Forum: The Student Health 
Center. 

Any member o~ the UCSD 
community is welcome to write in 
regarding this issue. The deadline 
for submission of articles to Forum 
is this Friday at 3:00 pm. Sub-
missions should be typed and 
double-spaced on a 74-space line 
and should not exceed Ph pages in 
length. 

situation a book called What do you 
say to a bungry world? by W. 
Stanley Mooneyham is planned to 
be made available at the Chtistian 
Booktable in front of the main gym 
as the book of the week. 

Mooneyham, president of World 
Vision, a Christian humanitarian 
organization designed to feed the 
starving, presents his book in a 
powerful and controlled way. 
Powerful in that it presents the 
cold, hard facts of hunger, and 
controlled in that Mooneyham.does 
not write this book to make people 
feel guilty, but to tell them what 
they cando. 

Mooneyham writes the book in 
three parts: the first is on the 
plight of hWlgry people, the second 
part is on the ever-widening gap 
between the wealth of the "haves" 
versus the wealth or rather 
poverty of the " have-nots," and the 
third tells what we can do to help 
these people. 

The book begins by dealing with 
the daily lives of the starving 
people. 

Mooneyham draws examples 
from all over the world like, for 
instance, a twelve year old 
prostitute from Brazil, a Tuareg 
chief from the Sahara and others. 
He tells how malnutrition affects 
these people, expecially the young 
ones because starvation hits 
children the hardest. Without 
sufficient protein or vitamins a 

LOWEST PRICE EUROPEAN FLIGHTS 
We are sl!rving the academic 

community wilh discount travel 
abroad. Let us make your air travel 

arrangements. Flexibility as to 
dl!st inalion and departure saves you $ 

CALL US lAST TOU. FREE 800 / 223-1722 

College CounCil, Elections 
(And ASUCSD Elections) 

Deadline to File Applications 
is TODAY 

POSitions vailable: ' 
I \{1.y,. I1 .. : Third : 
(, Rl!wlle Commitlee on Community Affairs (RCCA) (, I hlld Coll"!,11! Council 

,; "" Ih·p_ 
H"v"I1,, : 
(, Hl!VI!II .. Commiltee 
COlrllllll !) ,I" 1\f1<lIl ' (HCCA) 
.; I'" H, p' 
Muir : 
' I Mllil ( ', .11,''1'' ( 'oullul 
L Ac., 1\,,1" 

FOllrlh : 
J ( .,1\'," 1.11~ P1<llln lllg B oard 
;, <. 'tlllll'lIh ' , 130<lTd 
Z I . ,·t 1I1,v I ' BU,HU 
,I .llItI ,t 'oIl B",lIu 
(, Pr' "1',1111 HI "lTd 
..J "" H"I" 

I\pply TODAY <I I your Collcg' Dean's 

child can have an undeveloped 
brain (or life or have such a weak 
body resistance to germs that the 
child becomes extremely 
susceptible to disease. Mooneyham 
also deals with the problems of the 
population explosion, the 
tremendous growth of the cities, 
and the ignorance of the poor 
which hampers any possibility of 
progression. 

"The rich get richer and the poor 
get poorer" is what the second part 
of the book is about. The U.S. ex-
ploits Wldeveloped countries by the 
huge profits it reaps from crops 
such as coffee. Our diet also shows 
the inbalance of wealth separating 
developed count~ies and un-
developed. An average American 
takes in 3300 calories a day which 
is 900 more than actually needed 
while many starving people get as 
little as 1600. These are just a few 
of the unsettling facts Mooneyham 
presents. 

So what can we do? 
First we can read this book. 
Mooneyham shows that if we 

really care we can slighUy alter 
our diet, be aware of the things we 
waste, in other words, to just 
slighUy change our daily lives to 
give the starving people a break. 
We can also participate in the 
activities of hunger week. The 
hunger banquet is meant to show 
what starving people really eat. 
and the fast is a way we can show 
we care. 

HOWARD ENDOW 

A Correction 
To Monday's 
Grady Letter 

I heard it through the grapevtne. 
Mr. King had some of his facts 

wrong in Monday's letter con-
cerning Steve Grady. First of aU, 
Steve is a History major 
graduating at the end of Winter 
quarter next year. Secondly, 
Steve's father had nothing to do 
with the internship Steve went on 
Fall Quarter. 

Many people have noticed the ' 
resemblanee between Mr. King 
and myseU. Let us say that It goes 
further than just skin deep. 

You mean ... 
Yes, book him. 

JEAN DUNN 

MODEUNG JOBS 
How 10 ala" wI""'ut _N", .ellool. len. 
onapallol en. 14. Ten-der _·beck lua,· 
onl ••. Fair enough? "'ICA.TI .... '0. 
35.2L o.pt. 1141, W __ , llIIItGIa IDCIt3 

............... 1 ... 

...... ' ...... Ulela ... 
583·LlFE 

Monday, AprO 11, 1J77 

Fourth Sets 
Volunteer Fair 
Wednesday 

Information on the opportunity 
to participate in social weHare 
internships, be involved in medical 
research, or to get experience in 
many other hwnan care agencies, 
can be gained in Fourth College's 
VolWlteer Fair, Wednesday, April 
13 from 11 am to 1 pm. 

Held at Revelle Plaza, the Fair 
will feature members of the 
Volunteer Bureau and represen-
tatives from over a dozen human 
care agencies. Individuals In-
volved with the Fair will counsel 
those interested on volWlteer work 
possibilities, and also supply 
names of organizations requesting 
help. 

Benefits from the project include 
both "self-satisfaction," and 
combining current interests and 
skills with existing employment 
opportunities in the community. 
Additionally, it is seen that if you 
work for one of the organizations, 
you will be more likely to possess 
potential job contacts in the future. 

Prices._ 
CoIlUnued fntm Pate 1 

Times that the books are just 
priced at what the market will 
bear, or what students will pay. Dr. 
Robert RWISell of the Economics 
department said yesterday that he 
sees a possible monopoly by the 
bookstore but not the publishers. 

" It's a very complicated 
questi9n, but I believe there is 
some local monopoly with regard 
to the bookstore. The publishers 
cannot force the bookstore to sell 
the books at any certain price, but 
there's no doubt that the bookstore 
exercises monopoly powers in 
some areas. " 

Threats ... 
Continued from Page 1 

organizer later denied any 
responsibility in the matter. 

The notes were sent to an FBI 
laboratory in Washington D.C., but 
French said Thursday that the 
laboratory was unable to identify 
the typing. "We're still working on 
leads, but I'm not anticipating any 
great results," French said. 

FBI spokesman Naylor said that 
despite the eight-week time lapse, 
"We're still looking into the case 
actlvely." He said that Supe.rvisor 
Bob Ivey remains in charge of the 
investigation. 

Naylor said that the FBI "has 
had some leads on the case, tt and is 
currently trying to identify who 
might normally have had access to 
letters between the times they 
were mailed and received. 

DNA ... 
CoaUaaed from Page 1 

which expresses traits never 
before seen in nature. They also 
note the dangers of tampering with 
the evolutionary process by 
altering an organism's genetic 
make-up. 

In its strongest action, the 
council called for the enactment of 
an ordinance which would require 

CoaUnaed oa Page 5 

charl"" 
Over 1776 d_ .nee 19I12. Son Q;ego" 
..,., • __ C\wIof Co, 

EUIIOPE from '327 • 
..... ...... ·n 

2,a.U .6 10 24 _, ""'''"''' 10 9 Clbtl. 
Ne> c'ubllO ""n. no .... ond SAVE 10 !IO\\ 
HAWAII from '179 

_ _ YnrtI . C/MeoQo. ar_ 

--........... ,.. ..... 

Election Coverage Policy 
To provide candidates in the upcoming ASUCSD election equal 

coverage, yet allow for a shortage of total open space availabi~, the 
Triton Times institutes the following policy for the next five issues: 

Each official candidate will be entitled to one letter, to be printed on 
either pages 2 or 3. The letter must be endorsed by the candidate, and 
will represent the only written support of that candidate in the Triton 
Times. with the exception of upcorning TT endorsements. 

The leters should be double-spaced on a 74-space line, and should be 
no longer than 40 lines. They should be turned in to David Eisen, in the 

. TIoffice. 

t.~~ ~. A"~OF\e, lJk>'s ~ beif\ irllO\~ 
u.a"¥h YOwq t.ife.~· ~ ~St,~t,~ 
o r fuh&r~ I~S j'WiW -fO conte. .It 

Saturday 
" 7:00PM ~ 

North Conference ~. 
Room 

Student Center 

~------------QXO--------------~ 

1977 
Summer 
Session' 

Cata I 08S 
Are 

Available 
Summer Session Catalogs are now 
aVCllliJble at the Summer Session 
Olfu.:e, 106 Matthews Campus 
(ChClncellor's Complex). For further 
Information or to receive a free copy 
of tile t.:atalog. call 452-4364, 

Call 452-4364 

• pnng 
ays 

Page 3 

APRIL 1 THRU MAY 31 

An exciting added value when you buy 
a Hewlett-Packard calculator now. 

Free reserve power packs. 
During Spring Added Value Days, Hewlett-PacKard 
is adding a free reserve power pack-a $20 value 
-with the purchase of every HP-21, HP-22, HP-25, 
HP-25C and HP-27. 
It's the best way we know to remind you of the 
added value you always receive when you buy an HP 
calculator-like free application books, uncompro-
mising quality, efficient RPN logic system, and 
exceptional service. Each HP instrument is designed 
to be the finest of its kind in the world. 

New Accessories 
Hewlett-Packard is also introducing two new acces-
sories to increase the value of the HP calculator 
you may already own: 

, 

A DC Recharger/Adapter lets you operate and 
recharge your HP pocket calculator in cars, boats 
-wherever a 12-volt DC supply is available. 
A Games Pac for the HP-67 and HP-97 includes 19 
programs designed primarily for fun but also useful in 
teaching principles of math, physics and logic. 

Come in and take advantage( of Hewlett-Packard's 
Added Value Days today! 

(Dealer's name) 
UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSIORE __ 



Pa ••• I rilllill h.II'S 

What's On: 4/11-4/17 
Monday 
MIIIr. Hamburgers. Hot Oop. Rout Leg 01 Pork. Olili ReU.no casserol •• Vogi <lI1li 
ReUenoC_roIe 
Fowtb- Tenyalu Steak. Br.1sed Beef Uv.r 

EVERVDAV IN APRIL - All Day Art EUlbitloe. Paintings, llrawlnas and JIhoIo8nrna 
by Bob R .... U~y HaU. 

' :3OIIm"':JOpm - SIp .. I ... _ c.De,o Advaac:ed wrtt ... Ella .. to be slv ... April I •• 
Im. lnlorma\ion.II2MH·L. AUw ..... F~. 9am-~m - Wrttia& CIlak • help with course papers. For appt. caU 4$2·~22. Hwrwliti •• 
1.lbrary. room 1%54.F~. • 

11.3 - o,prnoed JOWl')' EUlbit table in Revelle Plaza. Spo_red by the Al.'tion Com· 
mlttee lor oppressed Jewry. Rev.Ut Plua. 

12-1 :30 pm- "s. V .. H.ve A B.A. Ia hyellolelY • Now WUI?" Bring your lunch. North 
Conle~nce Room. 

12-1 pm and &-9 pm - BJ.IoIY/CIoemlltry C1lD1t-wallc in tuloring in lower divilionclasses. 
HL 410 Basem~nt. Free. 

3-5:30 pm - "Wbat V ... C .. Do With Vour Psychology and Social Sclenca MaJor" . North 
Conle~nc. Room. Student Center. 

• pm-OASISStudy SkID. Gr .. p.Student Cent.r. Bldg. " B" Mulll-purpoIe Room.~. 
• pm _ Le.miac 10 LatlCh aad LatoCbIDC to Llv •• Muir Apartmenl Lounge . Workahop on 

sense of humor given by Or. Robert Kavanaugh. Free. 
t pm - Mea·SIeD.Is. Mutr rourts. UCSan Dle~o vs. USJU. 
4 pm _ Theoretical SolId Stale semlaar. room 2J05 H&SS Bldg" Muir. Dr. Daniel W. Hone. 

UC Santa Sarbara. "Olarge Exchang. Scattering Irom Surfaces ... 
• pm _ HICh EIIergy PbYli< seml •• r. room 1148 H·L Sidg .• Rev.lle. Or. R.R. Wilson. 

F rrnllab. "The Femilab TeV Project." 
•• ~,30 pm - GSU steerlD, rommlll ... Currenl grad issues. Steward elections and tr.ining. 

AFSCME dental plan mfo. Studenl Cenler Lounge Conler.nce Room. Free. 
• 30 pm - Wom .. ·s baskelball. Main gym. UC San Diego vs. Imperial Valley. 
• ,30 pm - Cardlova cular Semln ... room So248 BSB. Med . School. Dr. Hitonobu Tomoike. 

"Sludies on EII.cts 01 Partial Coronary Artery Stenosis in Conscious Dogs." 
5 pm - OASIS Err..,Uve ReadinK Group. Studenl Center. Bldg . " B". Multi-purpose room. 

Free . -~9 pm - Birth Cootrol CUoI •. Counseling. information. and appointmenls. Rap Session.t 
7 p.m . All welcome. Student Health. call 152·2669. 

6 pm -Sno", Ski Club· This meeting is very Important. Th15 may be your last chance to go 
skiing at Mammoth tlus year ! HSS 1330. 

7-11 pm - Spe<ial !sneU Oaoeo W.r~.hop with Moshlko-Halevy. lamous teacher and 
chorOOllrapher. Workshop from 7·9. free dancing from 9 on. Rec. Gym. $1.00donalion. 

7: I~ pm - Fourth Colle,e Procram Board meeting · planning " Harold and Maude" film . 
car.rallyldance. llnd TraditionDay. 329lthStreet. Del Mar. 

8 pm - peaker and Slide Sbow: " A People In OlaIns". Tbe status 01 the Syrian Jews. 
Sponsored by the AcUon Commiltee for Oppresses Jewry and The Union of Jewish students. 
Revelle Informal Lounge . 

9:15 pm - MON()AV NIGHT MOVIES presents " N.ver Giv. a Sucker an Even Sreak" . 
l.ocatton : MuirS&< 10. free . 

Tuesday 
Muir . Hamburgers. Hot Dogs. Roast TurKey. Vogi Vog.tablefMushroom C .... rol •• Grilled 
Liver. 
Fourl'" Roast Sliced Turkey. Pork Chop Suey 

8 ,30 am ... : 30 pm -Slga up lor MlllrCoUt,e Adv .. ""d WriUaC Exam to be given April 18. 
1m. Infonnation at I~ H·1.. All week. F~. 

9 am<i pm - WritiaC CUak · help with oourn. papen. For aplK. call 452·2S22. Humanlti.s 
L,brary. room 1%54. F~. 

10 am - OASIS Ellectlve Read", Group.StudentCenler Bldg. " B". MuitI-p1ll'J'C* Room. 
F~. 

11 am - OASIS Errectiv. Readial Group. student Cenler. Bldg. "B". MuItI·Purpose 
Room. Free. 

IH - Oppressed Jewry Exhibit tabl. Sponsored by Action Corrunitlee for Orpreued 
Jewry . Revelle Piau. 

12·1:30 pm - "Social Work •• I Prof ... lon" Bring your IWlell. North Conle«nc. HoG,". 
Slud .. t Cenler . 

NOlI" Concen. Mandeville Center. Free. . 
12 ... pm and &-9 prn- Biology/Chemislry C11n.k · walle In tutoring in lowerdivilion classes. 

HI.110 Basement. 
I pm - Sulid State seminar. room 2313 AP&M Sidg .• Muir. Dr. Wemer Hank •• Max 

Planck·lnstitute. Stuttgart. " Phonon Anom.lies and Superconductivity." 
1 pm -cal Pirg meeting. Student Organizations Conterence Room . 
4 pm- Women'" Lennis, Mulrcourts UC San Diego vs. PointLoma. 
1 pill - Chemi<a1 Pbysl<s seminar. room 2622 USB. ReveUe. Dr. Bruce West. La JoUa 

Inslilule and Physical DynamiCS, "Simple Discrete Scallering Models ." 
~ pm -Spedal A. trophys"', mlnar. room 4112 AP&.\ISldg" Muir. Dr. Michael PeRSton. 

Ho) al Greenwich Observatory and Cal Tech. " Seyf.n Galaxies and X·ray Sources." 
1:30 pm - Disse rtation Delenst. room 3086 H&SS Bldg .• Muir. William Tay. " The SWl on 

the Sdk . Ezra Pound and ConfuclalU.'lm ." 
fH> .:IO pm - Students Actlv. To ... rds ommunll y Health will hold our weekly meetmg. 

We Will have In lonna lion on the lime and plac. of sta rting CPR classes. Formal Lounge. 
Re"elle 

:>-9 pm - Birth Control Cllnlc . Counse ling. infonnation. and appointments . Rap Sesslon.t 
j pm All welcome. Studenl Health. Call4'2·2669. 

I; pm - OPF.~ING NIGIIT Wlnl SAN III EGO PADRES. Tickets and free transportation 
frolll Ure) Hall parking lot to the big ba ll park. Loc.tion . San Diego Sladium. Ad'Rlssion 
$400 

6·7 pm - ACI.U mee ting 10 WSCUSS "case" and sludent righls workshop Anyone inte .. sled 
pic" ", attend Corree lIut. 

i pm - uri Team meeting ·to plan Santa Barbar. Contesl this weekend. HSS 2154. 
'~UOpm - " What's A,ailableOutslde of 'MaJor ' Courses." Muir Apt. LoWlg • . 
•.. 10 pm - Intern.uonal Club Speaker Serieo: Or I.elten Slavrianos. Dept. of History 

Ul'SIl "TheTlurd World RISing". Relreshments will be served. International Center . Fre •. 
7;:1O pm- Men '!!, ,·olleyb;l!l, MalnGym. UCSan Diel!:o VS. San Dlego.Jugadors . 
i-:JO.Il :JO pm - Fourtlt College Gong how Auditions : any act will be tol.rated. Matthews 

' .. rclerI3. Free. 
7: :JO.9 ,JO pm - ORUG" ALCOHOl.. SYMPOSIUM. Symposium on use and .buse 01 drugs 

ansi alcohol. Revelle North DmingRoom. Free. 
8 pm - Stude lit Center R<staurant me.tlng . Com. and help make Student C.nter Bldg. 

" C" a great food and entertalnmenl place . Studenl Cenle r Lounge. 
9:1. pm - Tuesday Nite Enlertalnment presents " An Evening With Tessie WII""x ... " . 

1.lve on the plano and guitar. MUir 5&Dtme. 

Wednesday 
lulr· Hamburgers. Hot Dogs. Veal Pannesan. Soiled Spaghetti wfmeal balls. sa uce . Vegl 

Spaghetti 
~'"url'" Encluladas. Hot Burnlos. Chili RellenoCasserole 

8::10 am ... :3O pm - Sign up for Muir College AdvlAc.d Writing Exam to be given April 18. 
1077. Informalton all~ H·l.. All week . Free. • 

9am<ipm - Writing Clinic· help With rourse papers. For appl. call 452·2522. HumaRlties 
I.llJrCt ry. room 1254. Free. 

10:30 am - Mr. Vicente J . Irgaul·Mado. Will defend his doctoral thesis in Rm. 1m Basic: 
Science Bldg .• Malthews campus . Ills the.1o IS Iitled : "Far·Fleld Somatosensory Evoked 
Potentials:' 

tJ ':l- I~,pre,,"d J e_ry E:xhlbit Table sponsored by lhe Action Commillee for Oppressed 
J C'H) lie velie Plaza. 

11 nOloll - AMES 205. Seminar No . ~ . Film Series. " Resea rch in the Alm06phere 1969" and 
'l1umeane Below". it04 Urey Hall . Free. 

11·1 :111 pm - " H"habllita lion Counseli ng as a Prolesslon". Brln~ your lunch. Muir Apt. 
l.oun~c 

IHrlll and 6·9pm - Bll1 logyl hemlSlry Cli nic· walk in tutor ing in lower division classe •. 
111.410 ll"""tnenl. 

12·UO pm - Birth Conlrol Clinle. ounseling. Information . and appotnlments. call 4,2· 
:If.i9 ol' drop b} . Sludenl Heallh . 

1 plII- l I'll Pop EHn~~ Sulwommlttee meellng. Arts .nd I.ecturesoffice . 
1 Pili - (lASI Elf<-t'll>e Reading Group. SludentCenter. Bldg. " B". Mulu·purpose Room . 

Ffl'C 
1 Pill - l ·"Il"qulum. room 2li22 USB. Revelle Dr . Greg Dash. URIV. of Washington. 

Tran"'ll!ons from Monola ye rs to Bulk MaUer," 
1 PIIl- Urgallk/ llltKganle Semln.r. room 107 Thtrd College Lectur. Hall . Dr. J .B. Siddall. 

J..odlJlI Uirj:: ., ·~'"the'oo lheOr~ln and FaleofJnsect Hormones." 
• Plll- OASIS Study Skill (,I"'~. Student Center. Bldg. " S" . Multi·purpose Room . Free. 
l> .10 pm - E:AB m""ting • • 11 tnlerested studenls and members invited. Fourth Floor 

IlI11ke 
• Pill - . · ilm : EXOUUS. sponsored by the Union 01 Jew15h Students . lirs l film in series . 

Uhll.!liZ'l. 
. ,1 :10 Plll- " PS) rholo~y Majors at CSD" . Mu ir Apt. Lounge. 
• ::10 pill - MIMESTY INTEKNATIO AL MEETING : All persons Inter.sled In Human 

Ihghbarc wl'll'Ome t03ltend. Hl.llS4. 
•. . JO.Il .1O pm - Mure E-ourth Colk,. Go,,« Ito", Audition : personalities desired ; talent 

Uflll'qUIl cd. Matthews Caf t erla . Free. 
i JO.H pili - Trtdent Chrl.tla. Fello .. s hlp · !leader 's me.ting al 6:301 . Revelle Formal 
l.wn~c 

Ii 15 pm - HuOI·Nih', n evening of open live entertainment. MUlr$& Dune. 

Thursday 
\lulr. lJdllJbur~crs. I101 DtltIs. Roa~II.eM of 1.0mb. Baked Macaroni &< ('h •• 
E'"urth· S,," Sledk . ll.Jkcd ll .. f J.oar. Corn Frtlt rs 

8W.1I114 Ulplll - Sign up for Muir 'vlle,~ Advanrrd Writing Exam to be ~lVen April J. , 
Illi7 Inrnnnc.luonut 12)4 JlI •. All wetk . F"ree. 

9Iom.~m - Wriliq Qlai< - help wilb COIIf1<! pape ... For appt. call ~2-2a22. Hwnanilles 
I.lbrary. room 1%54 . F~ . 

10:30 am - Mr. 0..101 W. Jeun _IU def.nd his docIorallheaia.llt1ed " Veslibullr Com· 
pensaUon : MulUc.ntury Conlrol 01 Poetu~ and Neuronal PJallicity." in Rm. 210. Rilier 
HaIl .atSIO. 

10 am - OASIS eltctllve ReM .... Gr ...... SludenlC.nter. Sidg. " S". MuitI-p1ll'J'C* Room. 
Free . 

11 am - OASI Effectlv. R ....... Group. Studenl Center. Sidg. " B". MulU-purpo5e 
Room. Free . 

1103 - Oppressed J.wry Esldllil Tillie loW be in R.velle Plaza . sponsored by the Action 
Commillee lor Oppresaed Jewry . ReveUt Piau. 

Noon - o .... na_ Defo_. room 7023 H6SS Bldg., Muir. Rochell. Kern·Danoels. 
" Analydng Psychialric Intervi .... u A=mpIlshmenll 01 Sociallraeraction." 

124 pm and s-9 pm -IioIoIY/CItoutryQlak· wallcin luIorinaln lower division claaaes. 
HIAIO Basement. 

12-1 :30 pm - BlrlII Coatrel ClIDIe. Counseling. inlormatlon. and .ppamlnltnlS. Coli ~2· 
2669 or drop by . Sludent Health . 

t2 :30pm - SumaerSerle •• Swnner Aud .• SIO. Ivy Fosler. will p~nt .1ectureandsllde 
show. " Sorderlands 01 Tibet." F~. 

3-1:30 pm - " Applied P.ye...., • Studies _lilt A.1il1Ie IUd .... North Conference Room. 
Studenl Center. 

3:30 pm - R ....... ctlv. Metlklae semlDar. room I1II1 Siology Bldg .• Muir. Dr . Wylie 
Vale. Salk Institute. "Diverse Roles 01 Hypothalamic Peptides . .. 

4 pm - Psy.-holoIY Colloquium. room 1110 P&L Bldg .• Muir. Dr. Eliol Hearst . Unlv . 01 
Inruana. "From Contingency to Cognition in Animais." 

4 pm - A,trophYlles-Space Phy lei S.mIur. room 104 Third College Leclure Hall. Dr. 
Jacques M. Beckers . Sacramento Peak Observatory. "Sunspots . Allven Waves and Coronal 
Heatmg." 

• pm _ Recent.· Lecblre. room 21122 USB. ReveUe. Dr. Robert WUson . Ferrnilab and 
UCSD Regents' Lecturer. " Physics and the Human Spirit. " 

4-5 pm - 4th CoIl.Ce WriUag Proirlm I.B Lecblr.: "Political Trend. in the 2Dth Cen· 
tury". Speaker: Dr. Martin Shapiro . Political Science Department. UCSD. USB 2722. 

1 .:10 pm - Lecture. room 1128 H&SS Sldg" Muir. Timothy Mason. Oxford Univ .• " Women 
10 Weimar and Nazi Gennan),." 

Ct(I.6::IO pm - Lecture by Timothy Muon. OxlO<1l Univ.rsity . "Women In Weimar and 
NaZI Germany". H&<S IIZ8. Fre • . 

7.&:30 pm - "GraduaLe Study la Ps),cbololY". North Conference Room. 
7::10 pm _ " Uoion Maids" . A moving documentary about women organizing in the 193O·s. 

Co-sponsored by the History Deportment. the Women's Center and Campus Program 
Board. This film islhe first of a series of Thursday nlghl events about women·sissues. USS 
21'12. 

7:~9:30 pm - DRUG" Al.COIIOLSYMPOSIUM. Symposium on use and abuse 01 drugs 
and alcohol . Revelle North Dining Room. Free . 

7:30-9 ,30 pm - l..ECTURE: GAl..EN ROWELL. A ~1 minute film of K2 climb in the 
Ka rakoran Range plus a one hour .lideflecture on mOWltaineering in the high Sierra 
Ihroogh a historical perspective. HSS2250. $2.00 

7::10 pm - Fourth Colleae bldent Governmeat Cabinet meeUDg. AU lourth students may 
allelld. 302 Malthews Campus. 

8 pm - Fourth CoIIe,e Colloquiu .. on H .. 11b care. Garr.n Aud.. Med. School. 
Congressman James Corman to-Van Nuys) . " The Good. the Just and the Feasible." A 
discussion on national heallh car will follow the address. For details on colloquium see 
slory pogo 2. Free. 

8 pm - Geological Scle .... seml •• r . IGPP Con!. Room. S10. Dr. Lee Silver. Cal Tech. 
" Petrologica l and Geochemical Observations on the Peninsular Range Satholith." 
a pm - BibleS.ludy. University-Community Church Loung • • 9Woi La Jou. Sho~s Drive. 
'"10 pm - AFRICAN CONSCIOUSNESS FILM SERIES. " Cooley High" . TUlI07. F~. 

Friday 
MuIr· Hamburg.rs. Hot Oop. Oven Roast Beef. Broiled Halibut. Vegi. OIopSuey 
Fe .... V.,kee Pol Roaal. Knockwurst wfsauerkraut 

8 am -Goll. Torrey Pines gol/ ro""". La JoIIa. SCJACToumey. Ali day. 
Bam - Fourlll CoUe,e c-Itr Boa ... meftiII.3112 Matthews Carllpua. , 
8 :30 am-4 :30 pm-Sip • lor MoIIr ..... e Adwaaeed wrtt ... £Um to be given AprU II. 

1m. Information .tl~ H·1.. F~. 
9arn<ipm - Wrtliq CIla .... help with ooune pape ... For appl. caU ~2·~22. Humanities 

l.ibrary. room I~. F~ . 
10 am - "W_. ~_ Power .... E41aa111y." Bldg. 1I1A. Mallhe .... Dr. Rae 

Blumberg wID present thil lectu~sponsored by !he IlIIIitute lor Continued Le.rning. F~. 
llo3 -Oppr ...... Jewry Exblbll T.IIIe. sponsored by Action Commillee for Oppreaaed 

Jewry. R.velle Pi ... . 
Noon - Fourth Colle,e Con.q_ .. Heallb Care. Bldg . C. Student Center. Pinel 

discussion on the future implications of medical school education . Free. 
12 noon·l pm - NJIOn Coae ... featuring " Bison" at Revelle PlaJA. sponsored by Revelle 

Community Cenler. 
12·1 :30 pm - " Co .. sellbglCllalc.1 Plychology.l. ProI ... Ioe" . Sring your lunch. North 

Conference Room. Sludenl C.nter. 
12noon-3pm - HEALm CARE SYMPOSIUM. Doctor Moxley 01 UCSD. Wm Fink.1 of 

Berkele,. Mike Goodman from F\. Bragg JJ1d Dr. Dunn of UCSD will spea k on the fulure 
Implication. of medical schooleducaUon . Student Center Bldg. "C". Free. 

12-1 pm - Blology/Chemlstry C1lalc · walk in lutorlng in lower division classes. HL. 410 
Basement 

12-1 :30 - Blrtlt Control lInl<. CoWlseling . information and .ppalnlments. Call 452·2569 or 
drop by. Student l1ealth . 

12 :05 pm - Marine Siology mlnar. room 307 Vaughan Hall, SIO. Dr Edward E . 
DeM.rtlm. Untv. of Washington, "The Adaptive SIgnificance of Egg Cannibalism a nd 
TerrtlOriallty In a North-Easte~n poclnc Marine Fish. " 

2 pm - AMF-S-Rioenglneerlng Seminar. Speaker : Debbie Vager. Subject : Elasticity of 
Pulmonary Blood V .... ls. Also. Speaker: Roland Win. Subject : Non·Unilorm Strain 
Distrtbulton In Ile.rt Muscle. Room 2100 SSB. Free. 

l pm - Phil osophy Colloquium: Dr. Jeremy Shltpiro. VISiting Leetu .. r . UCI. "Dre8lllS of 
a Splrtl Seer RevlSlled: Rcnections on Kant and Caslaneda ." Revelle Fonnall.ounge. 

3 pm - Topics In Res plrallolJ. room 2100 BSB. Med. School. Dr. Chris Chandler. " An 
Ascent of Mt. EveresL." 

;1..::10 pm - " Su Vou're Guillg Oot Into the Real World · a Job Hunting Workshop". Nnrth 
Con ference Room. 

4 pm - WU""'ft"tennnl •• Mu ircou .... UC San Diegovs. USIU . 
_ 5 pm - "Golden Mountain." plaUt. Salk [nslilute. La Joll • . Danee-thealer piece c~ated 

by Ven Lu Wong about the " China· boys" who laid tit. railroads. dug the min .. and irrigated 
the lields and orchards. Gen.ral admission: $2 . Tickets available at the Theatre ticket 01· 
fice. 

6 pm· 12 midmght - Study room. Gar .. n Auditorium al the Med School. 
8 pm - Fourtlt College Colloquium on Hulth care. room 2100 SSB. Med. School . 

" Reforming Women'. Health Care." will .. plore problems associated with heallh care for 
women. Free . 

8 pm - " Belly" and "The Few Nolt Opera." Mandeville Aud. The UCSD Young Artisl 
Opera The.ter presents DonitelU's onHct spool on grand opera. " BeUy" and Johnson's 
"The Four Note Oper . ... General admiJslon : $3; UCSD students : $1. Tickels available at 
UCSD boo offic • . 

8 pm - .-rlday Ev.nlng In Del Mor. St. Peters <lIurch. Del Mar. Special program 
presented by the San Diego Repertory Theater . Poetry and prose. directed by Sam 
Woodhouse. General admi ... ion : $3 ; all studenls : $2.>0. Tlck.ts available at lhe UCSD box 
o((te • . 

Saturday 
Muir· Hamburgers. Hot Dogs. Southern Fried Chicken . Baked Chicken. Beef Pot Pie. Vegi 
PotPie 
Fourt ... Chicken ala King. Sa ked F15h 

lam - Gol'. See Frl. sa.m. lor dctalls. 
9 am - ,·rlpp. Aquarlum·MlI5eum ourse . Sumner Aud .• SIO. "The Sehavior and 

r.cology 01 Fishes from Caurornia and the Gulf 01 Calilornia;' will be rondueled by leading 
man ne SCientists rrom Universities and aquariums and the National Marine Fisheries 
Scrv ..... Through ~ p.m. Course fee : $4 . For reservation. caU the aquarium·museum at ~2· 
1087. 

10::10 am - Campus Tours . fronl. Central UniverSity Ubrary. Sludenl ronducled lours 
lasting li Z hours. 

10:30 am - HEALTH CARE SVMPOSIUM. " Is reform possible In health care?" With 
Wilham Finkel . Mike Goodman. Or. Moxl.y . Dr. DWln. Diane Dutton from Stanlord. 
Brtdger Mitchel 01 the Rand Corporation . 2pm " Who wins. who loses?" • sam. panel. 
Sludent Cenle r Bldg. " C". Free. 

2 pm - Fourth Colle,. Colloquium on Health Car •• Bldg. C. Student Cenler. "Who Wins 
and Who Loses"" A di!ICussion coveri ng the equity of government health care hnancing. 
Free. 

l pm - Men's tennis. Muir courts. UC San Diego vs. UC Riverside. 
~ pm - " Golde. M .... Iai • . " See Frl ~ pm lor details. 
1pm and IOpm - Film: " H.rold .nd M.ud.··. Tickets available at the door. Sponsored by 

E'ourth College Program Board . BSB 2100 Auditorium. Med School. $1.00. 
7::IOpm·10 :3Opm - " Bloedle ·· • rock group. Back Door . AdmiSlllon $3 .00 lor SDSU. $3.50 

other . Iudents . $4.00 gener.ladmlssion. 
8 pm - R«"rder Reellal. MandeVIlle R.cltal HaU . David B. Klima will perform works by 

G P. Telemann and Robert Dorough. "ree . 

Sunday 
Muir. l1 ambu rge ... 1 lot Dogs. SWISS Ste.k Casserol •. Pork Chow Meln . V. gl Nuteen • 
Fourth- Beef teak wfsmothered onlons.llot Roast Pork SandWiches 

10 (till - ell !i('rmon 5trle begins on Book 01 A~b, Lutheran Worship Service. 10 am. 
Mu,," b) Kuren Wcrner's Chamber Group . URlverslty-CommuRlly Church . ~ La Jolla 
Shon: , ()nn . 

II I ~ am - U . U tudentllon Dorn presents .. port on ··Dr. Moon's Uniflc.tlon Church" 
Unl'Cf"t) -Comrnllntty Church. 9595 La Jolla Shor~ DrIV • . 

I pill - l'l'nIH fur P )cho)",lcal Relnlutlon sta ... a Mas Moveme nt lor Sanity wllh. 
lI1ethod IIhlCh can be apphed by C\' ryone. Weekly presentations · Sundays. 1$29 Hombl~nd 
. PUt·lft,· BcOC'h Free. 

J plIl- " (;"llIe n Mountain ," See F" ) pm for details 
b.fJ pm - Biu1uK) /Chtml-.lry CHnlt' • walk in tutoring In lower d1vl,lnon cia es. HL tl0 

Ba 'merit 
8 pm - " n ,·tll " and " The Fuur Not. Oper.:· See f'rt 8 p.m lor detail . 

Moaday, April 11, 1m Moaday, AprO 11, 1m 

What's 
Up? 

.,; 
e 
OJ 

'" ~ 

Dear Doc; Wbere did you get 
your doctorate? Where did Salt-
man disappear to? Why Is Andy 
Wright such a good prof? Slgued, 
Where am I? 

Dear Lost: I received my doc:-
torate from The School of Hard 
Knocks, from whence I graduated 
magna cum loaded. Saltman .told 
me that the reason he went to 
Paris, France was "because 'I 

DNA. 
CoaUDued from Page 3 

all institutions in the city, including 
private industry, to obtain pennits 
or licenses for the performance of 
recombinant DNA experiments. 

The cOWlcil also approved the 
following recommendations from 
the task force report : 

-·The Chancellor's Special 
Biohazard Committee at UCSD 
should include lab workers and 
graduate students, and allow 
personnel to voice opinions without 
fear of reprisals. 

-Allow "unannounced visits" to 
inspect biohazard facilities. 

-Keep accurate health records 
on all individuals involved in 
recombinant DNA research. 

- Have the ~partDlentofPublic 
Health "monitor the public health 
aspects of this research. " 

- Investigate the lia bility of the 
university in the event of an ac-
cident. 

-Consider natural disasters such 
as earthquakes. 
Major Dra wback is Jurisdiction 

The major arawback to the city's 
proposed recommendations is the 
lack of jurisdiction over UC and 
state land. Without the power to 
enforce the recommendations, the 
city can only "request", as 01>-
posed to "require", UCSD 
researchers follow their concerns. 

The County Board of Supervisors 
face a similar dilenuna in their 
recent action concerning the 
hazards of recombinant. DNA 
research . 

Board Chairman Jim Bates has 
initiated a review of UCSD's 
Environmental Impact Report 
(EIR) for the construction of the 
special biohazard containment 
facility on the top floor of the new 
Medical Teaching Facility (under 
construction) . 

Along with the reconunendation 
that the Environmental Analysis 
Division (EAD) review UCSO's 
EIR, Bates recommended the 
board require: . 

-Comprehensive coordinated 
planning and contingency studies 
of any DNA research within county 
land . 

-J<'ull disclosure of all potential 
hazards to lab personnel. 

-Full and extensive explanation 
of all insurance related Issues. 

- J<'onnal public hearings at the 
community, city and county levels. 

The board also has asked EAD to 
inve tigate any jurisdiction the 
county may have over the UCSD 
facilities. They seta date of June 14 
for the EAD report on the county 
recommendations. 

Love Paris in the Springtime.' " In 
between his tap dancing with Gene 
Kelly along the banks of the Seine, 
Saltrnan researched material for 
his upcoming paper, 
"Ferrokinetics and Erythropoeisis 
in OsteopetrotiC Rat Mutants. " I 
think I'll wait for the-movie ver-
sion. By the way, who is Andy 
Wright? 

Dear Doc: I am a Bacbelor of 
Foolosopby lB.Foo.] and am now 
working al a zeppellD repair man. 
Damn thll underemploymeDt, but 
they don't oeed aaotber ticket-
tearer at tbe RoUer Derby! "DoD't 
call Ul," etc .••• ! But tell me: lilt 
legal to draw aaked ladles on 
hippopotami ID East Berlin? 
Signed, Frustrated, Esq. 

Yes it is legal, but you should be 
aware of some 1 estrictions on the 
practice. First, you must wait in 
line until the East Berliners are 
through. Second, you may only 
draw naked ladies on hippopotami 
who are male and stand in the 
midday sun past 5: 00 pm, which is 
when the better bars open. The 
final restriction you will face is 
smuggling in your drawing tools. 
No one but the military are allowed 
to have sharp instrwnents inside 
East Berlin. But, good luck! Send 
us a photo of your handicraft. 

Dear Doc; What does the ZIP In 
ZlPCODE staad lor? 

ZIP stands for Zone 
Improvement Plan, an innovation 
by the US Postal Service to enable 
letters and packages sent from Del 
Mar to La Jolla to e~ up in 

1,Ifullllnilos 

Atlantic City, New Jersey even 
Caster than before. 

Dear Doc; Has anyone ever 
suggested the building of an am-
phitheatre on the UCSD campus? 
The Associated Studeat., UC 
Berkeley, had one built years ago. 
Are we In the dark ages? 

Dear Blinded by the Light: 
UCSD did plan to have an am· 
phitheatre and discussed the plan a 
geat deal in 1974. The am-
phitheatre was designed to be a 
community plus University 
project. Sites were looked at in 
such areas as the gorge in the back 
of the Central Library and some of 
the comers of the campus. There 
developed a problem with~ the 

secu~ity costs, though, as it would 
be expensive to secure the am-
phitheatre. Officially, the reason 
given fDr the dropping of the idea is 
Jerry Brown 's ruling that there be 
no new buildings built. However, I 
feel that since plans were drawn up 
for the aDlphltheatre back in 1974, 
the project still could be built; it is 
not a " new building idea" . After 
all, the reasoning behind building 
such things as the proposed 
recreation center east of the 
freeway involves an implicit 
assumption that is not a "new" 
idea and has been on the drawing 
board for years. Let's see if the 
new AS here can do anything about 
this. 

Dear Doc: Are there any plans In 
the future lor a UCSD dry 
cleaners? 

No, the administration plans to 
just leave the students wrinkled. 

Dear Doc: I've seen four films at 
Mandeville Auditorium-American 
Grafitti , Don Quixote, NashviUe, 
and Swept Away. All but American 
Grafltti were terribly out of focWi. 
Who is responsible fOT this and 
what is being done to correct the 
problem? 

I've been assured by an Arts and 
Lectures ufficial that the problem 
is not with the film or the projec-
tionists. but rather that they keep 
getting drunk audiences. The only 
thing they could do would be to put 
the films out of focus like the 
audience, and as soon as they 
figure out a way to measure the 
out-<lf-focusity of the audience this 
will be iInplemented. 

Dear Doc ; Is it true tbat 
researchers at the prestigious 
UCSD Medical School bave created 
a drug that makes females allergic 
to sex? Is it true that they are 
experimenting with tbis drug by 
putting it in the cafeteria food? 
Signed, Hungry 

Dear Waiting to Eat : This is 
simply another example of a gross 
distortion of facts. What really 
happened is this-The Med School 
researchers discovered a new 
disease that has no known cure. It 
ali!o has no known symptoms, but 
fortunately it is confined to 
Revelle. While discovering this 
phenomenon, the researchers 
made a related discovery, and it is 
this to which I think you are 
referring. They discovered that the 
Mad Hungarian Ghoulosh (sic) 

Page 5 

served by the Revelle cafeteria 
contains protochemical reactions 
heretofore unlmown to medical 
science. The reactions only affect 
females, and causes them to be 
allergic to se>; with OTHER 
REVELLE STUDENTS. It also 
has a side effect of making them 
crazy about the Fourth College 
men. and so researchers among 
the females of Fourth College are 
feverishly working on an antidote. 
I'll keep you infonned of their 
progress. 

••••• 

(Submitted to us :) According to 
Clyde Compost, a Department of 
Agriculture official, no early relief 
for the peanut butter shortage is in 
sight because of an unusually 
heavy demand for peanuts for use 
in imitation soy flour. 

Genuine soy flour is in short 
supply because of a great demand 
for soy beans to make imitation 
peanut butter. he said. 

••••• 

I'd like to take this occasion to 
wish Peter Rabbit a happy 75th 
birthday! 

• •••• 

Thought for the week: No man II a 
boss in his own borne, but he can 
make up for It, he thinks, by 
making a dog play dead .... 

DR. L1T1'LEMAN 

~~--~~--~--.~! 

Mary is a loan interviewer at your 
University and State Employees Credit Union. 
Daily she comes face to face with people 
that share the same kinds of money needs 
you have. And dally she sees those problems 
solved quickly and conveniently. Mary likes 
her job, because Mary likes to make UCSD 
folks happy. 

If you or your spouse is employed 
through UCSD. then you're eligible to take 
advantage of U.S.E. Credit Union 's low cost 

loan program. 
We lend money for nearly everything. 

and at among the lowest loan rates 
anywhere . People like Mary make your U.S.E. 
Credit Union stand alone in the financial 
field . And that means you can stand a loan 
from your Credit Union! 
P.S. Ask about payroll deduction . It will help 
you set aside money from your paycheck to 
payoff the loan automatically! 

lJ[]~~ 
U.ivenlty & Stat. Employ"s 

Credit Uni •• 
" Where you can belong for a lifetime " 

453-5620 
Call on your U.S.E. Credit Union Today 



.... e. Mo"'y, AprO 11, 1m 

onde" at Globe Marred ·by _Too. Much Tasteful Sex 

It's ~tIy dubbed as " A Viennese 
Olarade in Too Amourous Escapades," but 
"Ten Sexual .\dventures" hits closer to the 
mark. After all, the scenariC8 deal with ten 
different ways of bedding down in old 
Vienna. 

But since this is an Old Globe production, 
the racy material of Arthur Schnitzler's 1.11 
HoDde is handled tastefully (sans nudity) 
and with prudent strategy (a quick blackout 
and music during indlBcreet momedts) . 

Director William ROesch recreates the 
lighthearted gaiety of Vienna in the 1190's 
through music as well as carnival 
amusements in this J. D. Steyers trans-
lation. 

The ten scenariC8 are a partofthls gaiety, 
a part of a love circus that features comic 
stereotypes. In the opening scene, a colorful 
carousel pony is spun around on ceoter 
stage by the Master of Ceremonies-perbaps 
to signify the comic revolving love games to 
come. It all promises to be flDl and en-
tertaining stuff as the Me tells us to sit back 
and enjoy. 

There is a sense of fun and entertainment 
in just about everything in 1.11 Roade, right 
down to moving the props on and off stage. 
Prop movers dally about dressed as car-
nival roustabouts, clowns, and ballet dan-
cers. They add to the circus atmosphere that 
is prevalent in between scenarios, but their 
silly antics and dance steps are often 

dragged out too much. This side · en-
tertainment lends to detract (rom the Dow of 
the scenes. 

Like a spotlight focusing on a new circus 
act, a pretty girl in a ballet CQIItume steps 
forwa rd at the end of each prop moving 
sequence to aMounce a new scene. With a 
wink and a smile, she holds up a sign 
bearing the title of the next escapade-for 
example the first is entitled ' 'The Whore and 
the Soldier." 

The basic ingredients for each rendezvous 
is simple-a liUle flirtation, a seduction, and 
the final lovemaking. The chancters range 
from the lower class types such 88 the 
whore, the soldier, and the parlor maid to 
the members of higher status such as the 
young gentleman, the respectable wife, the 
poet, the actress and the count. 

Faithless spouses and lovers, respec-
tability, vanity, stupidity, hypocrisy and 
more are comicly touched on in each scene. 
Couples frequently change partners and a 
passionate scene between "The Young 
Gentleman and the Respectable Wife" can 
be followed calmly by a meeting between 
" The Respectable Wife and Tbe 
Husband." A comic momert involves the 
latter in a bedtime conversaUon in which 
The Husband (James Aalton) pontificates 
endlessly to The Respectable Wife (Undy A. 
Nisbet) about respectability and virtue. yet 
in the following scene. " The Husband and 

the Young Miss," he enjoys a rendezvous 
with a girl half his age. 

Another well-played scenario concerns 

the pairing of a vain and domineering ac-
tress with a "sensitive" poet. Bette La .. ' 
Mae West-looks and booming voice con-
trasted comicly with the effeminate 
qualities of The Poet (Steven Kirk). But 
where would the dynamic Frau be without 
her star's wardrobe? 

Designer Peggy Kellner does a fabulous 
job, adding authenticity as well as comedy 
to the scenarios and carnival entertainment 
through her costuming. The cosalln .... help , 
to typecast the characten colorfully and 
wittily-for example, stereotypes such as 
The Actress and The Count can be identified 
immediately. 

Making love by the Danube, dancing at a 
coffeehouse, romping in bedrooms-these 
moments jut wouldn't be the same without 
gay and romantic Viennese music. And the 
musical aspect of the play poses as an asset 
as well as a hindrance. 

Musical Director Dana Myalor offen 
prerecorded waltzes and polkas for the 
various scenes which contribute well to the 
lively atomosphere. Unfortunately, the ac-
tors sing long and often boring soap in 
many of the scenes. &me of the lOop are 
fine and add authenticity and spirit to the 
scenes with the German verses mixed with 

Before you buy a deodorant tampon, read the"caution" on the package. It 
tells you to discontinue use and consult your physician if irritation develops or if 
you have a history of sensitivity or allergies. 

Now, ask yourself if you want to take this risk with your body. 

'Ihere is nowaming 
tampon paCkage 

You won't find any warning on the Tampax 
tampon package. A deodorant, or cover-up 

. scent, which may cause allergic reactions or be 
harmful to debcate t.i:>sucs j'" unnecessary. When 
a tampon is in use, embarrassing odor docs not 
form. So why take chances with something that 
isn't needed? ' 

What's more, the Tampax tampon container-
applicator- like the tampon- is flushable and 
biode~adable. It's as safe (Q dispose of as a few 
sheets of facial tissue. You can't say this about 
plastic applicators. And unlike some other 
tampons, Tampax tampons expand in all three 
directions- length, breadth and width- to adjust 
to your inner contours so that the chance of 
leakage or bypass is minimal. 

• 

No wonda Tampax tampons are the "'1 
choice of millions of women around the world. 

MA O£ ONLY I '" fAMfJAJC INCOJlIlORAl£O . PA l M£II , fiIIASS 

"fly internal protection more women trust 

the English ones. And many of the actors 
sing quite capably. It's just that a lot of the 
soogs injected Into the scenes have a ten-
dency to induce ennui as the audience waits 
anxiously for the next scenario to begin. 

Many of the boring tunes, however, were 
compensated for by the more interesting 
ones. For eumple, an out«-place duet 
between a trapeze artist and a clown is 
made up for by a group of clowns who 
hilariously sing 'Women, Women, Women.' 

For those who expect to be tantaUzeci by 
risque displays, the play will prove to be a 
disappointment. 1.11 Roade offen daIllancea 
that are playful and IIODlewtat I8wdy, but 
never graphic or eyebrow-raiaing. Each 
seduction is suggestive and the lovemaking 
scenes are quicldy blacked out as a rush of 
passionate music takes over. Then the ligbts 
come on, blouses are buUoned, clothes are 
rearranged and the scene ends. 

Since there are ten discreet scenes that all 
involve this predictable routlnl!, the play 
begins to wear thin towards the end. The 
adventures are certainly 'funny in places, 
but too much of the same thing becomes 
fatiguing. The acenariC8 may have grown 
tiresome, however, the acting was not. The 
p1ayen did a fine job with what they bad to 
work with and Director Roesch managed to 
bring a good amount of the romantic car-
nival spirit of Old Vienna alive. 

LII Roode is playing at the Old Globe 
Theatre in Balboa Park through May 1st. 

PRECISION CUTTING 
SKINCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A complete Redke n Salon 

3251 Holiday Ct . 
·Rlght by La Jolla Village Inn 

45!:t-0680 

10 Yz DISCOUNT 

~~W~lr:n:l~:nE:::::::D. ~~ 

T1iet8ISa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

ilCAT~~-= 
. DAT .... -
••• y S ..... ICI_ 
Li8II1 Voluminous hom. 
. SRE Itucly meteri'" 

C __ thet ... ITlSa con •• ntly updeted 
DCAT 
CPAT 

T • .,. fec llh i .. for 
... iewtDfcl_ 
'--oM end for u. 
oflU .... ment-.y 
met ... I .. . FLEX M .... oups fM ECFMS m"''-M 

MAT'L MED BDS 
SAT-VAT 

. 

. SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2180 G.rnet, Pecific BMCh 92109 

.... 

' DUCA""" .. "1a 
CENTER . ~ 

Brenc_ In m.jo, US ci t l .. 
end Swltzerl ..... 

Me"'y, Apr111!, 1m 

[ 
housiNG 

Grad will luto( malh. calculus. lrlg Slat. 
Iheory and problem .00vlng Ciller U ... 
derstanding 0 .... 753-8952 (./ 18) 

SWITCHBOARD·~ hra ana· .. rv. Uncler $3 
week. Use our number or direct connect. 
Legal address, bus cards S91 1 000 27~O~2. 

INSTI· TYPE·anythlng tasl.cl .... cheep. Mon· 
Frl. 8-8. Sat.· Sun. t~5 . tOSOGarnet. PB. 

TRAVEL 
Europe. Israel. Orlenl. Australia, NY & Chi. 
Complete student travel cente<. AI ST. 291 S. 
La Clenaga BI . 11101 Beverty Hills. 213/657· 
2727 (6112) 
Book now· bOOk on campusl 
Europe. HawaII & Australia 
Chart .. flighl s .. 
CIEE student Travel Services 
Open weekdays 1·5 pm .52-0630 

EUROPE. lnexpenslve camping. studenll 
faculty flightS. Write or call for free 
brochure. National Sludent Travel Bureau 
1007 Boxlon Av . ' 18. L.A .. CA 900~ 
213 I 478'{}22O 14/22). 

Moving to New England a_ In Aprll·June? 
Will pay $175 10 have my undrlvable 1.1GB In 
Santa Fe N.M. picked up. Send name, ad· 
dress . phone immedlelety 10 Bill Karp clo 
Trautman. 303 Tappan St. Brookline Mass. 
02146. 

PERSONAL~ 
Typing IBM selectric, Theses, 'te<m papers. 
etc. 452·t 588 evenings: 16/6) 

Come 10 Ihe UJS conclave April 22·24 Jewish 
Folklore and Humor singing and danc ing 
with professionals cost $25, 30. aller April 18 
(41 15) 

INEXPENSIVEconl8Ct.: Flex: $1()().125 . soft : 
$225-250. Inc • . all .1udenl will refer you free 

297~766 (4/15) 

TO the person who PUI all those ladybugs 
under our door (3126)·How can we ever repay 
you for ybur fun~y little loke If you won'l tell 
us who you are? Please come and claim your 
reward In person (aller II pm weeknights) If 
you really are the culprlt·be ready for 
ANYTHING . .ArgoJ46. 

Come' 10 lhe UJS conclave sll1glng with 
Debbie Frledmaj1 Dance with Shlomo Bachar 
Jewish folklore humor meet people and have 
fun April 22·24 for more Info call Robin .52· 
98().4 14115) 

Muir photo contest·8tudents·staff· faculty· 
gel your prints toO&lhe<·detaiis In TT on Wed 
& Frl 

Ru th W. at Muir: Are you 100 young, or am I 
100 old? Maybe, but let 's find out. Tommy 
Sparrow 272·1966. 

Vacuum cleaner misplaced In page one 
dur ing linals week. If found pl.se retum no 
questions asked. 

PI_ rei pln.lree t.en belmd Reoelle 
Provost's. Ii was gift to A, Blackstock for his 
20 yr. ser;lce. 

To HC. AC, TK . I finished the lIylng seucer. 
When do you want a ride? 

fOR SALE 
'65 VW Camper Van has new engine but 
needs paint musl sell soon $950. or best offer 
297'{}769 (4/1 I) 
Soundcraf1sman Preamr>-Equllizer $325 
Sherwood digital FM luner $JOO Phillips 
GA212 wlMlcro AcousllcsQOC IE $125 KOss 
ESP·9 headphones $75 Magnepan MG2 
speale ..... S400 all In perfecl condlilon 755-
638l (4115) 
Electronic leel eQulp-O Scopes-RMS-Mete<s-
XY recorders-Wave analzrs· ECT Motronlca 
436-2184 6 PM (.111) 

Books· lntro.lo Mod. Behaviorism 2nd 
edition. Pascal user manual. 2nd ed11l0n. 
Inlermedlate Algeb<a call 239-4668. 

Pianos lor renl. Speclel sludent rates. Call 
27fH1064l .. ve message (4I1B) 
Tici<ets for S.D. Symphony availablelor4115 
and 4 I 29 concans. Two together on arch. 
lef1. Gall 279-0471. 14/13) 

IrllulIlllIlII'S 

Hond ... SODOHC. 19n . CI.n & Excel. 
Condition S660 or best offer. CaU 453-3115 
Run. like a charm I 

III 3C and Soc 10 used bOOks ... lIable cal 
.53-4053 prefe<ably evenings. 

Banjo-5-string·Kay·Banjo-goo<t' . condition. 
Perfecl fOt beginner. With case paid $180 .e41 
for $90 453-31 15. 

For sale bers calculus bOOk reasonable price 
.81 ·7561 hurry (4113) 

Primo Gran Prlx·Munarl ski boots. 2 seasons 
old, once used . To sk i ASpen size 11 ·12. Call 
Dan 453~768. 

Yamaha acoustic guitar model FG·160TK; 
unscathed . virtually unused; $100. 453·7942. 
(4 /15) 

HousiNG 
MIF housemale wanted own room. Univ. 
City. 3 ml. to school pool . sauna. tennis 
courts 85lmo& utI. Ken 453-9190(./11) 

Roommate needed to ""are 2 bedroom apt. 
with 2 others. Single avalleble, In Del Mar off 
4111 S!. Has ocean view. pool , and great 
stereo $95 a monlh plus 01111188 call I"" 
mediately. ~.7~(./11) 

Housemate wanle<l . LJeI M.. Block from 
be;lch mid April·mld June single or double 
room. Call 755-7008. 

Dl1TOS. 
at 

The Fitting Room 
5887 University Ave. 
_. . 287-9160 

Banana8 Love SealS 

30% off Suggested Retail Prices 
Juniors & Children 

selected Imperfects 
New Arrivals: Men 's Fashions 
Come on Over. Grab a Pair! 

hrs. Mon - Fri: 10-6 SUD 12-5 

P a,e7 

Roommale wanled dltectly on beach In 
, Mission Beach. Greal vlewl Call quickly . 

Call Dave 468·8227 eve. 

Wanted : HoulWlkeel'8r" hours/ wk day & pay 
TBA. Transpo required. Reliabili ty desired. 
Gall 500·6948. 

One roommate wanted to ""are a beautiful 
house. Directly on the beach In Mission 
Beach. Call Dave 488-8227_. 
Female roommate to ""are furn 2 b< apt In 
P.B. garage . sunny, own room nonsmoker 
female Sl SO/mo. 48:Hl157 . 

Eleclromagnet: I need to borrow or renl a 
sl rong one for a few weeks . Gall 481-8019. 
Ask lor Joel. 

WANTEd 
jobs 

Wanted · A used wetsult. full CJ( summer cut . 
Five foot ten. one hundred s ixty Ibs. Call 
Stan 453-1&17 (4 /13) 

High paying positions for summer work still 
available . Travel Involved. Phone for I~ 
terv,ew 45~396 (tl 15) 

WBIH roB mitts 
AID TII.IVISIO!l! 

• Exper ienced professionals 
• Valuable industry contacts 
• Editorial and marketing aid 

• Do not send manuscripts 
• For information, write 

SCREEN WR ITERS SERVICE 
2064 Alameda Padre Serra 
Santa Barbara, CA 93103 

THE WUJS INSTITUTE 
Here's a way for college 

graduates to experience Israel in 
a comprehensive one·year 
study/work programme. You 
spend your ftrst 5 months in 
Arad, a dynamic new town, 
together with other graduates 
from all over the world. There 
you will study Hebrew, Judalca 
and IsraeU society, combined 
with tours and a kibbutz period. 
For the following 7 months or 
more. you can either work in 
your profession, volunteer in a 
kibbutz or development town, 
re·train professionally or continue 
studying. The World Union of 
Jewish Students Institute in Arad 
could be the beginning of your 
love affair with Israel. 
l.r .. l AII~eb Center, 515 Park Avenue, 
New York, New York 10022, (212) 752·0600 

. 

------------------""'------
For Information, please send to the above address. 11 
Name __ ~ ________________________ ~ge _____ ___ 

Address _________________________ _ 

. City ____________ .::.State ___________ J,Zlp ____ __ 
Unlversily ________________________ _ 

(USOI 

r-------------------------------------------------------------------, DATE EMPLOYER/SCHOOL DEGREES/MAJOR REQUESTED ' 

,..... 

~ 
,..... 

:» 0- ' 11.1 
"i (,.)l1li .... !>C) j ffi~ ~ (/)Q I-c:::i z=> ~ ! ... 11.1l1li ::E' 

= 
II.I~ ::c 

·5 u~ 0 
m ~:E l-e 11.1 ~ 1118 ffi ~ t!lffi ::c 
- 0 ~I- 11.1 ~~ pc ! 'i" 11.1 ~~ 3 f511.1 11.10 e; QC~ <:I) 
o ~ (,.) 

fIJ 

TUI!~. April 19 

W,·d AprillO 

Tltur~ . Aprilll 

I'rt . Apr i ll~ 

M"" Aprill5 

Tlh .. ·" _ April l 6 

W" ,I Api'll n 
I It "' , ApIII ~H 

1'1 , Api'll ~<) 

M"11 McJyl 

Tl" '~ M,ty :i 

M"" M"v') 
, '~ i M,IY II 

Linkabil Corporation 

Upjohn Corporation 

Aetna Life & Casualty 
Lawless Detroit Diesel 
University of Arizona 

Systems & Engineering Dept. 

ACTION (Peace Corps/VISTA) 
UCSF School of Dentistry 

Pacific Telephone 

. Service Masler Induslries 
Pacific Telephone 

U.S. Navy · Officer Programs 
IBM Corporation 

U.S . • 'lavy·Officer Programs 

Burroughs Wellcome & Co. 

Bilek Corporation 

Monlgomery Ward 
The Broadway 

BS, BA. MS. AP1S 
Compuler Enyit1~ering 
C, IInpul ' r Science 
1.1.'(111< "I Enyltleering 
l"f"I'"c1I" III Science 
HS. BA . Biology. Blo·Science . 
I'll' tIll'd l urticulum 
BS. BA. all academic majors 
liS. BA. AMES M~chanical Engineers 
B~ . IIA. "II cIC.1J<.!mic major , 3 0 gpa 

I~A . BS. MA. MS. Ph D's all academtc majors 

HA . B~. MA. MS. all acad~mic majors. 
:l J pi", C P.A 
BA . B . a ll academIC majOrs 
BA, BS. MA . MS. all academic maJOrs , 2.7 plus G.P .A. 
BS. MA . MS, Ph 0 all academic majOrs 
BA. BS . MA , MS 
M,tIldU\.· lllll lll \ .. I~nce 
( :, 'II' pull' l Sci .. nc .. 
Mdi li. 1.11!jllw .. ring 
BA . MA M·. Ph D dll IICd 'h~ mic majors 

BA . BS. Compul r Sc e A 

"-'< ,I ,"I\e l" 
. I ,1.·,. ,1 Alh 

- _ ___ _ _ _ ___ ___________________ CUT ON OOTTED LINE---------- --- - - --- ------_____ J 



----~T-----------~-------------------------------~---------------------------
Sponsored by Trident Christian Fellowship 

with special guests stars Hunger Awareness Week Begins Next Monday 
Sea Level 

featuring 
Jalmoe 

chuck leavell-lamar williams 
of the 

Allman Brothers Band 
Wed. April 20th 

San Diego Civic Center 
8 pm all seats reserved 
7::;0 & 6: 50 available at 

tickitron & center box office 200 "C" street 
for info 714-236-6510 

PRODUCED BY PACIFIC 
PRESENTATIONS 

12 EXPOSURE 
KODACOLOR 

DEVELOP 
AND PRIN 
. $229 
Crisp. clean SHARPSHOT® 
borderless prints. 

LIMITED TIME OFFER 

36 EXPOSURE 

~17'Q 
LIMITED TIME OFF 

EXPOSUIE 

Crisp. cl.n $329 
SHARPSHOT® 
borderless prints. r. .:0:;:"-::'-

D TIME OFFER 

LIMITED TIME OFFER 
M"11 I\ pIl1 I lilt 10 Mon . Apnl25th 

University [3ool.t\store 

-

by Reed Alpert 
Staff Writer 

"The facts that 500 million 
people are suffering from some 
form of malnutrition and 10,000 
people die frem huhger each day 
are usually met with exasperation 
and a sense of powerlessness. What 
can one person actually do to 
alleviate the problem? The un-
derlying theme of Hunger 
Awareness Week is to assure 
people that they can help alleviate 
the world's hungry millions," said 
Matt Bugbee, coordinator of the 
event. 

The Trident Christian 
Fellowship (TCF), of which 
Bugbee is a member, is sponsoring 
the event during the week of April 
18-22. Activities will include panel 
discussions, a hunger banquet, and 
a fasting experience. Bugbee 
explained that the goals ofthe TCF 
are to create an awareness of the 
world-wide problem, generate a 

hope for the effectiveness of the 
individual to help, and raise funds 
to help alleviate the problem. 

The TCF has chosen World 
Vision International to receive the 
funds generated by the activities. 
World Vision is an organization 
that works world-wide to help the 
suffering. W. Stanley Mooneyham, 
president of World Vision, has 
written a book, What do Y 011 Say to 
a Hungry World?, that has been 
chosen to be book of the week by 
the TCF. Bugbee describes it as "a 
comprehensive book that covers 
all aspects of hunger and offers 
specific methods for the individual 
to help." The book will be available 
from the TCF booktable, located on 
Revelle plaza during Hunger 
Awareness Week. 

Panel Discussions 
The first three days of t):le week 

. will consist of panel discussions 
concerning various aspects of 
hunger. Monday's discussion will 

FREE ADMISSION 

In plCly BINGO at 7727 Girard A ve . M"rv Slm nf Ih<> SC>i'I 
mdc; 2~c per game . All game pav 70% cnll ('ctc>ri Pli'lt. 1 

2Sgi'lnwc; 
Every Tu e day 7 pm . 

ANNOUNONG 
VE I ERlNARY CARE 

FOR THE 
DR MAR AREA 

CAMINO DB. MAR 
PHONE 481-8458 

Students, Come 
. 

VOLUNTEER, it's worth it! 
Wedne day, April 13th on the Revelle Plaza a 
dozen or more agencies will have tables set up and 
representatives on hand to sign up interested 
students. This is an excellent chance to gain some 

~se rul experience in a field you might be aiming 
f or a a career, not to mention the great self-
sati sfaction you receive in donating some time 
and effort to a worthy cause. 

Make it a point to stop and talk to some groups 
and check out the opportunities. 

Event Sponsored by 4th College 
Career/Life Planning Board 

P5ych..::::.-..:....-...:a=-.:....:nd:.=:..-5_OC~l a..;.....:I~5d~-e~n!..!.c.!::.:e,~ 

april 
AWAREN~ WEEK 
II~ '15 

. 

Co--5portdOred b.( wteer PlOhn-'~ 8M 
Pc1ge one.. . 

fOr wr-lhur Inb--mal:iot1-
C(J'lillCl P8ge ~ near 

-lhe l..o1IUer- MUlr·cDtnfh0f\5 

explore the political, economic, 
and agricultural factors. The 
direct effects of malnutrition will 
be examined Tuesday in a 
medically-oriented discussion. 
"What impact can the individual 
-I. Ily have?" will be Wednesday's 
~lC. 
. Thursday night the Hunger 
Banquet will take place in the 
Revelle Cafeteria. According to 
Bugbee, "the banquet will give a 
person the chance to experience a 
diet from another part of the world. 
Discussion groups with in-
ternational students will occur 
afterwards." The banquet will cost 
$2.50 with tickets available in the 
Student Center box office starting 
April 13. 

A chance to learn what it's like to 
be hungry will be available 
through the fasting experience. 
Group and individual fasting starts 
on Friday and ends Saturday af· 
ternoon . Beef broth will be 
provided by the cafeteria. 

Times and places of events will 
be available at the TCF info booth 
and in todays Triton Times 
calender. 

Revelle Plans 
Convocation 
On Its Image 

In an attempt to stir up some 
semblance of excitement this year 
Revelle college has cancelled 
Parents' Weekend and in its place 
has scheduled a Convocation With 
invitations to be extended to aU 
Revelle students and parents. 

The theme of the Convocation, 
" Renaissance Revisited," was 
chosen to highlight the dual focus 
of " review and renewal". The 
Revelle conununity is inviting 
reflection on the validity of the 
concept of the " Rennaissance" 
person, " the image of the broadly 
educated individual whose abilities 
range freely over the whole 
spectrum of knowledge," ac-
cording to the Revelle Dean's 
Office. 

The Convocation, scheduled for 
the last weekend in April, will 
feature speakers who "exemplify 
the integrated, cross-disciplinary 
learning, that has been the aim of 
Revelle curriculum." 

Speakers will include Edward 
Levi, former Attorney General of 
the US, and Roger Revelle. 

;coMMUNITY1 
~LOODBANK~ 
. . . 

: 983 India : 
327 F Street • 

PAYS DONORS 
for Service 

Mon.· Frl. 
233-5481 
234·4601 . 

..•...•..•......•.•.•.•.•.•..•. 

CLAY BLAKER 
AND HIS TEXAS 

HONKY TONK BAND 
FrIday Nllbt at 


