
's 
n. 
fit 
t, 
d 

Manwatchers 
Pick Fairest 
of the Fair 

By Sara J. LoweD 
You may remember her as 

Miss SUZY of Romper Room. 
But T.V. personality Suzy 
Mallery is involved in adult 
games now, as head of Man 
Watchers Inc., a San Dieg~ 
based organization dedicated to 
seeking out and noting male 
beauty. 

The group has received 
national attention for its amual 
Most Watchable Men poll, 
published every January. The 
most watchable man of 1976 is 
singer-actor Kris Kristofferson. 
He is followed by comedian 
Chevy Chase, singer John ' 
Davidson, actors Nick Nolte, 
James Gamer, Henry "the 
Fonz" Winkler, David Hart-
man, Richard Harris, athlete 
O.J. Simpson and sports an-
nouncer Don Meredith. 

Mallery commented that Man 
Watchers members choose the 
men not only on the basis of 
looks but on personality as well. 
Krlstofferson, abe said, "is not 
just another pretty face. M well 

Kris Krislofferson -nol just another "pretty /ace" 
as being handsome, he is in-
telligent (he was a Rhodes 
scholar), super-sensitive and 
creative." 

Chevy Chase was a favorite of 
the women because he has 
"good looks, a devilish grin, an 
expressive f.ace and is a 
brilliant writer. " 

The number three choice, 
John Davidown, was chosen 
because "he is a wholesome, 

handsome man who looks great 
in tight clothes. " 

Mallery predicts that Nick 
Nolte of the television series 
" Rich Man, Poor Man" will be 
the next male sex symbol. "He 
has classic good looks and 
tousled Redford hair," she said. 

Mallery's favorite is James 
Garner whose "goOO looks, 

Continued OD Pale 4 

Ub~ "Disastrous" 
Faculty -- Book Problems a Bind 

by La .. RIchter 
StaffWrHer 

UCSD faculty have over-
whelmingly rejected a proposed 
library storage plan issued'by the 
Office of the Executive Director.of 
Universitywide Library Planning 
last November. John Haak, Acting 
University Ubrarian, soUcited the 
response through letters of 
evaluation from the faculty. 

The draft proposal would call for 
over half m UCSD Ubrary books to 
be placed in dead storage units at 
UCLA and Berkeley. Volumes 
could be requested with a 24 oour to 
one week waiting period for the 
material. 

According to the objections to the 
proposal made by the faculty, the 
most serious error underlying the 
inacceptibiUty of the plan is the 
assumption about the way in which 
students and researchers use the 
library. According to Dr. Edward 

Winterer, professor of biology, "It 
is stultifying for a scholar to be 
limited solely to what can be 
ferreted out m catalogues; most 
productive library research 
depends heavily on systematic 
personal searching in the stacks 
which so often uncovers a quite 
unexpected source." 

Faculty Try to Revile Plan 
Haak has led the opposition at 

Ua;D by gathering opinions from 
the faculty and meeting with 
various administrators and 

conunittees on campus. He hopes 
that the comments will have an 
" impact on the revision of the 

roposal." 
Haak finds the plan to be the 

result of "t~wn plaMing" and 
"centralized decision making", 
whereby Stephen R. Salmon, the 
Executive Director, and several of 
his staff members composed the 
draft using only "narrow con-
sultation" with other librarians 

Centlnued on Page 5 

UC lobby Prepares for Battle 
SACRAMENTO-Along with senators, assembly members and their 

staffs, the UC Student Lobby is mobilizing for another year of legislative 
combat in the state capital. 

The lobby, which in lr74 was ranked the twelfth most influential by the 
legislature, is the principal guardian and advocate of student interests 
here. 

"H collective bargaining comes up, that would be our munber-one 
priority," said John Haber, CCHlirector m the lobby. Since salaries, class 
size and faculty strikes are all a part of collective bargaining and have a 
direct influence on the students, the lobbyists want to make sure that 
there will be student participation in any negotiations, he said. 

"Financial aid, student affinnative action, and consumer information 
are issues we are involved with this year," said Haber. These issues are 
intertwined and lobby action on them would make the university more 
accessible to CaWornians, he said. 

StadeDt Loana 
Because many banks discortinued their student-loan programs, the 

Lobby wUl support legislation to make the state a guarantor for the loans. 
Acconlinl to Haber, it will, however, oppose S8 25 which would make the 
state a d1nct lender. 

"We oppoIe S8 • because the university is not set up to handle (these 
1tIte) Ioana," Haber said. Bes6deI the addWonal staff, the loans would 
.... uIre n~ lal'le amounts of money through bonds, he said. 

Tbere an many bInD with the staff and money to handle student 
..... Haber said. If the state guaramees the loans, the banks wiD grant 
tbIaa. 

'l"IIrouIb put effortl of the Student Lobby, funds have been included in 
till ..... to help recruit and flDanclally 818lst disadvantaged 
...... Tbe Lobby wtU aupPort money in the budiet for these 81-
fJnu&tw action pI'OII'IIDI apia tIia year. 

Alar.. .... AdIIa 
1'be lobby II allO worIdDc an another afftrmative action bill which will 

be b), Vk 'allo (D&cramento). 
PaleS 

Me .... IY • ....., .t. 1f77 
CIA Gave $ 96,000 for 
,Scripps Climate Study 

by Mark Stadler 
Managlog Editor 

A climate forecasting project at Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
(SIO) is being funded by the Central Intelligence Agency. 

This information was released in a letter from UC President Saxon to 
UCLA student Nathan Gardels, after Gardels filed a California Public 
Records Act (CPR)\) request to examine all contracts between UC and 
the CIA. 

The $96,000 grant agreement with SIO-which began last March and will 
expire this March-is one of four UC contracts acknowledged by Saxon in 
the letter. The other contracts include two with UC Berkeley, to study 
Soviet literature in 1958-1959 and agriculture in the People's Republic of 
China from 1969-1972, and one with UCSD, from 1966-1972. 

Records Destroyed 
Saxon did not disclose any particulars about the 1966-1972 UCSD con-

tract. When asked about this contract, UCSD contracts and grants 
manager Harry Moore said he has no information, because he was not at 
the university then and beCause records are destroyed as projects ter-
minate . 

Nathan Gardels has sent an open letter to UC President Saxon asking 
for further information on CIA ties with the University of California. The 
letter appears on page 3. 

The CIA grant has allowed SIO researchers to study relations between 
the ocean and the atmosphere, and to offer accurate short-term 
predictions based on the research, Scripps scientist Tim B~rnett said in 
an interview Friday. 

Barnett-who along with Jerome Namias is heading the climate 
research project-said Scripps sent funding proposals for the project to 
several organizations, including the National Science Foundation (NSF) 
and the CIA. 

Moore said he had no idea why NSF-which already funds climate 
research at SIO-rejected the proposal. "It may have felt the project 
wasn't in their mission," be speculated. 

" Just A001ber Agency" 
"To the university the CIA is just another federal agency with funds for 

research," Moore said last week. "Their money is just as good as anyone 
else's." 

Moore emphasized that the contract is not secret, .and said that people 
involved in the research know the CIA is sponsoring it. 

Barnett reiterated Moore's comments, saying the CIA's grant money 
C8r:t\e with " No strings attached ... they want us to publish all our results." 

Asked why he sent a proposal to the CIA, Barnett replied that he had 
heard the agency was interested in climate research. He said it was the 
first time he has sent a proposal to the int~lligence agency. 

111e CIA funding is important, Barnett said, because it allows 
researchers to look at the entire world situation rather than just separate 
regions. The money will pay for "graphs, secretaries and hiring people to 
run data points through a computer," he said. 

Started in PacHic 
He said that research leading up to the CIA grant began with studies of 

the ocean and atmosphere in the Pacific Ocean, and then expanded to the 
Atlantic . 

The basic hypothesis governing the research, he explained, is that an 
understanding of ocean behavior will lead to accurate short term 
predictions of climate as it affects food and energy. 

"The ocean is slow and sluggish, it has a long memory," he said. "But 
the atmosphere is capricious, with a very short memory. It gets its heat 

CentinUed on Page 14 

rhe 130 ton T a Parly Ula r lag d with co/Ie 10 t Friday on Son Di go Bay 
a angry con um rs protested th rapidly" '"g co t o/co/f. A lory 011 the 
euenl i on pog 16. 

r r photo B,II Broo 



Analysr 
latest Trend: A Government Court for Science? 

EdIt.', a1: lD receaJ yean tile 
AmerkaD ~bU~ bas bee. co .. 
froated wltll jallpl'eCedeated ~rUes­
- from kepoae .......... to DUciear 
.... nil to lie destrac:Uoa .f tile 
..e layer - raaltlq from CIte 
prodacll 01 modena .~leace. 

To decide tile truth betweea 
coaru~tlal sc:leatlllc ~laims aboiat 
re.ear~1l la •• ~Il area., tile 
sc:leatifl~ ~8IIUIlwdty II tUaea .. lag 
tile ~reatloa oIa "sc:leace court" -
a trt .... 1 III .deatllta tllat woald 
report its coaelusle. to tile 
gonrameat. 

ID tlli. article, Dr. Barry 
Commoaer, autllor of "The Closiag 
Circle" aad "The Poverty 01 
Power" [Alfred A. Kaopf, U71 aad 
197&), dis~lISae. tile sdeaee court 
idea. Commoner Is dire~tor of tile 
CeDter for tbe Biology of Natural 
Systems at Washlagton UDivenlty 
In St. Louis. He Is also ~airmaa of 
the board of the Scientists' 
institute for Public lDformatioD 
[SIPI), a nationwide orgaDizatioD 
that has worked for aearly 15 years 
to help scleDtists share their 

~halcal knowledge 01 major 
Issues with tbe public. 

by Barry Commooer 
Paclfk News Service 

It is ironic that the latest trend in 
the science world, a move to create 

~R VO~\"'J7 
lSS A M~SS · 
UNO omY I 
I-IPff :l~~ 
ANSW~~S! 

Commentary 

a govenunent "science court" to 
sort fact from fiction in scientific 
controvenies, seeks to combine 
the institution shown by opinion 
polls to be most trusted by 
Americans - science - with one of 
the least trusted: govenunent. 

The contrast is telling. The last 
thing scientists need Is a govern-
ment screen between themselves 
and the public. 

The reason the post-Watergate 
distrust of government is so 
widespread Is the government's 
failure to level with the public. And 
conversely, scientists' recent 
record in doing just that --
providing all available information 
and leaving value judgments up to 
the public -is probably one reason 
for its growing position of respect. 

Great Change 
In the past year, information 

provided directly by scientists has 
led the public to initiate far-
reaching changes, often against 
government resistance . Upon 
learning of the possible effect of 
aerosol propellants on the earth's 
ozone layer - and thereby on the 
incidence of skin cancer - people 
have sharply reduced their use of 
aerosol propellants, forcing a 
number of businesses to market 
non-aerosol sprays. 

And, infonned by scientists of 
the potential environmental 

-rn~ Gl..O~~ 
S11tJATION 15 

E'~AK .. , ~Uf 
Vf{ K1SSIN~ 

:. Offi~ "tS AW! 

dangers of nuclear power plants, 
aroused citizens in many states 
have forced a public debate on the 
issue, partially co~rlbutlng to a 
sudden slowdown in construction of 
nuclear plants. 

Given the economic . con-
sequences, it is no surprise that 
these events have alarmed 
business interests. But it is sur-
prising that prominent scientists, 
backed by the government, have 
begun to reconsider how scientific 
information ought to feed into 
public policy debates. 

Late last year 250 scientists, 
engineen, government officials, 
lawyers and businessmen attended 
a Colloquium on the Science Court 
sponsored by the US Department 
of Commerce, the National Science 
FOIUldation and the American 
Association for the Advancement 
of Science (AAAS). 

Experimental Basis 
They discussed a proposal that a 

science court - to detennine the 
truth on such heated issues as 
nuclear safety, food additives, 
pesticides and aerosol sprays -
should be set up on an ex-
perimental basis. 

Among the idea's supporters are 
Secretary of Commerce Elliot 
Richardson and President Ford's 
science advisor Dr. H. Guyford 
Stever. But the real mover has 

1Uf W~~F 
VANlP WOIU! 
A1N"f f.OOKW 
UP Kt 6\{T, 1M 
HANK'J.L. HW 

Y·AL-I,.. ! 

Bakke Decision Must Be Protested 
by tile Young Socialist AllIance 

In the late sixties, students were involved in many 
battles for our rights to improve our situation on 
campus. Out of those struggles came many programs 
which had not previously existed, including: Equal 
Opportunity Program, Chicano Studies Black 
Studies, Womens' courses, and model cities f~nding. 

Recently. the California state Supreme Court 
u~he~d M superior court ruling that special ad-
rrusslons pi-ograms are unconstitutional. This is the 
Bakke dlcision. 

Allan.lIa)dte, a white student, applied for admission 
to medu 'al school at UC Davis in 1973-74. He was 
denied tccause all thc available places had been 
filled. But ~akke su~d tl1M Jniversity over the special 
admissic ns program, claiming that because htl was 
white, hf was discriminated against. 

Spccial Admissions Programs were designed to 
correct Ih, exclusion of non·white students from the 
UC cam:>Lt;es. Before these programs were started 
Chicano:;. blacks, native Americans, Asians and 
other non-white students were not fOWld on the UC 
campuses. 

This decision was a result of the weak case 
presented by the UC Board of Regents, and is another 
example, along with cuts in financial aid and Black 
and Chicano Studies, of an effort to cut non-whlt(~s out 
of higher education. The Bakke deCision threatens 
your rights. 

We cannot rely on the UC Board of Regents or other 
. " 

l' ., ~ 

school administrations to fight for our rights. The 
Regents' ineffective court challenge to Bakke makes 
this evident. 

H this decision is upheld by the U.S. Supreme 
Court, a dangerous legal precedent would be set; aU 
affinnative action programs on campus, govenunent 
and industry would be threatened. 

(What Bakke should have done Is get together with 
the special admissions students and black, Chicano 
and other student groups to demand that the 
University expand enrollment so that all students -
special or regular admissions - who qualified eQuid 
enter. He certainly should not have used the racist 
ploy of " reverse discrimination.") 

What can we do at UCSD? First, MEChA8 
throughout California have called for all campuses to 
fonn coalitions to protest the Bakke decision, and to 
come to a statewide planning meeting Jan. 15 at UC 
Berkeley. Plans are Wlderway to call for c~rdinated 
actions on each campus sometime In February. 

The Bakke decision is part Df a nationwide attack 
on student rights, and especially on the right of non-
white students to receive an equal education. All 
concerned students and campus organizations at 
UCSD should follow MEChA's example to defend our 
rights. 

We need to protect the Special Admissions 
Programs. To do this we must use tl)e same strategy 
we utilized when we won these rights. We should unite 
in mass action to demand: DEFEAT THE BAKKE 
Df..CISlON, PRESERVE A]o' }<'IRMA TlVE AC~ON: 

. • \ j ' , 
'n ... • ,~' - ~ ., 

been Dr. Arthur Kantrowitz, a 
research scientist who heada a 
panel to study the court idea for the 
Presidential Advisory Group on 
Anticipated Advances in Science 
and Technology. 

Writing in TIle AmerlcaD 
Scientist, Kantrowitz has put very 
simply the purpose of the court: 
" ... to find the truth among the 
conflicting claims made by 
sophisticated advocates when 
there is serious controversy within 
the technological corrununity." 

Ten years ago the same journal 
published a Teport by an AAAS 
committee entitled "The Integrity 
of Science." It stated clearly that 
the resolution of public policy 
always calls for value judgments, 
in which scientists are no more 
competent than anyone else. 

The committee concluded that 
scientists ought to tell the public 
directly what they know about the 
relevant facts, leaving citizens, 
thus infonned, to make up their 
own minds about the ethical and 
political issues involved. 

Determlae tbe "Trutll" 
But the science court would do 

things differentiy. Supposedly 
impartial judges, after hearing 
arguments regarding matters of 
scientific fact, would establish the 
"truth" about these facts and 
report it to "decision:makers." 

Letters 

to the 

Editor 

Quality 
Of Library 
Improving 

On Dec. 7 the Triton TImes 
published an editorial entitied 
"Let's Keep the Books," which 
expressed opposition to the 
recently-advanced master plan 
for the Univ.erslty of California 
libraries. This letter is to let you 
and your readers know of the 
efforts of UCSD librarians to 
prevent the implementation of 
this damaging plan. 

JOM Haak, Acting Univenity 
Librarian, has solicited in-
volvement of each UCSD 
faculty member In gathering 
written testimony on the 
necessity of on-site review of 
both current and retrospective 
library resources in carry'ing on 
scholarly research. The 
.response from faculty members 
has been gratifying, and their 
statements are being In-
corporated into the response of 
the library ·Admlnlstratioo to 
the master plan. 

The San Diego division of the 
Librarians Association of the 
University of Callfornta, a 47-
member organization, spent 
many hours In study of the 
master plan, and then drafted a 
3-page statement of opposition 
which has been distributed to 
more than 700 librarians and 
officiais of the University. It is 
our hope that this will help to 
generate increased concern on 
the other campuses toward the 
provisions 01 the plan. 

The staff of the Cluster 
Library gathered signatures of 
over 800 students on a petition 

While their report would be 
made public, It would tend to 

pro~t both the public and the 
" "declsion-makers" from the 

distasteful knowledge that 
scientists, like other human 
beings, are sometimes wrong. The 
decision-makers could then act in 
the conviction that they possess not 
only wisdom and virtue but also 
"truth." 

According to , Kantrowitz, the 
govenunent's scientific advisors 
now provide "the essential Input 
from the scientific conuminlty to 
decision making." The science 
court would thus merely increase 
the validity of that input. 

But in fact, the govenunent has 
chieny been Innuenced - as in a 
democracy it should be - not by its 
scientific advisors but by the 
public. 

Such committees are, after all, 
appointed by government officiais 
who often know in advance what 
policies they favor and thus select 
advisors who, they hope, will 
agree. Some of the committee 
members, however "objective" 
they may be, may have one eye on 
the action the bureaucrats favor -
which is, often enough, none. 

Rachel Canon's Efforts 
The examples are endless. It 

CoDtiaUed oa Pace 3 

opposing the master plan. 
UCSD librarians appreciate 

the involvement of aU segments 
of the campus conununity in 
preserving the quality of the 
UCSD library, for a weakening 
of the Library would surely be a 
loss to all of us, as well as to the 
San Diego area. 

JACQUELINE COOLMAN 
CHAlRoSAN DIEGO DIVI&ION 

LIBRARIANS ASSOCIATION 
OF THE UNIVERSITY OF 

CALIFORNIA 

Investigate 
Other Cancer 

Treatments 

To the 2O-year old with can-
cer, In care of the Tnt. 'I1meI: 

Your disiress Is heartfelt and 
your rebellion at the Idea 01 
drug treatments for cancer 
being helpless Is noted. Pleaae 
give some time to investigating 
alternative measures. 

Considerable success has 
been achieved by clinics In 
Europe and Mexico in the 
treatment of cancer. Special 
emphasis Is put on natural foods 
and supervised fasting. Since 
cancer Is a disease of 
~hnology, these measures 
should appeal to your sense of 
logic. For further information 
check with your local health 
food dealer. Good luck! 

Mo.', ...... .., 11, IJ7'7 
.......... h ... 'S 

An O·pen lett~r to Saxon on CIA 
By Natllaa Gardell 

Open letter to UC President Saxon: 
During· the summer a California Public Records 

Act request was filed with you, asking for the public 
release of all documents pertaining to UC/CIA 
relations. You responded by disclosing four CIA 
contracts and further stated that the lJniversity does 
not maintain records of private contracts and con-
sultations between University employees and "ex-
tramural sponsors. " 

A second letter was sent to clarify any misun-
derstanding of the scope of the request, stating that It 
was intended to embrace disclosure of "all records 
and papers regarding or relating to relationships _ 
contract ural, financial or otherwise - between the 
CIA and the Univenity 01 Californta." You responded 
that you undentood this and that there was no more 
information. 

In the first place, it is difficult to believe that in the 
25 years of the CIA's existence there has been only 
four contracts with UC - probably the nation's 
largest, and in some respects, most advanced 
university. 

Secondly, we received from the Secretary of the 
Board of Regents a copy of the UCSD/CIA contract on 
"climate forecasting." The contract is noticeably 
devoid of any mention of the CIA (even in its "non-
publicity" clause) Wltil the very last sentence of the 
very last page of the 46-page contract. Our only other 
clue is the CIA's 351-phone exchange. This leads us to 
suspect that the negotiating papers, letters etc. 
involved in obtaining the contract were not rel~ased' 
as specified by the request. ' 

Thirdly, and most importantly, we just don't 
believe that the CIA has had no other relations 
whatsoever with UC and that you are entirely 
unaware of aU of them. Mer aU, in the mid-sixties 
didn't CIA policy require professors to inform their 
respective university presidents of their consulting 
relationship? 

Also, last year several UC administrators went to a 
CIA meeting on "minority recruitment." Where ate 
the memos, correspondence, etc., relating to this? 
Why didn't you list this in your response? What other 
CIA contracts of this nature did you fail to mention? 

Our distinct impression is that you have noftaken 
the CPRA request seriously and that your search has 
not been at all extensive. Our aim is to discover the 
full scope of CIAlUC involvement. To this end, an 
attorney has been consulted about suing to compel 
disclosure of the requested materials. 

All of this raises the question about just what you 

have done, as UC PreSident, to defend academic 
freedom in the past .months since "he Senate 
Intelligence Committee reported that "hundreds Df 
academics on hWldreds of University campuses" are 
working covertly for the CIA. Committee Chairman 
Frank Church himself said at UCLA last May that 
" UC has not been overlooked by the CIA." 

Have you sent memos to all UC branches asking for 
a report on CIA relations? Have you Set up a review 
board to determine who at UC has covert links to the 
CI~? Have y?u approached the academic senates and 
ethics committees of the various faculties demanding 
that they act on the matter? Have you done anything 
to c.ompel UC employees to disclose their CIA con-
sultmg arrangements to you? Have you filed a 
Freedo~ of Infortnation Act request with the CIA as 
the PreSident of Amherst College, for instance, has 
done (and as have we) . Have you even made a public 
statement responding to the Church report? No, you 
have done nothing. 

This Is particularlt conspicuous in light of the 
.Church Conunittee's concern that CIA activities "can 
only pr~judice, if ' not destroy" academic integrity 
and frwtful exchange, and the committee's forceful 

r~mm~n~ti0!l t~t " ... it is the responsibility of 
prIVate UlSlItutJons and particularly the American 
aca.demic community, to set the professional and 
ethical standards of its members." 

!he failure t? take up your proper responsibility in 
thiS .regard raises ~erious questions ahout your in-
tegnty and commlttment to academic freedom 
Ac~d~mic freedom and the nature of the CIA are th~ 
malO lSsues here. 

The ~IA's nefarious misdeeds on behal£ of the . 
global lnterests of US corporate giants are well-
known. Such a global secret police organization has 
no business in the free and open institution which our 
University is supposed to be. What are the im-

pl~ca~ion~ ~or free and critical inquiry in an in-
stitution mflltrated by clandestine agents? 

Abo~e all, we students have the absolute right to 
know if our professors and administrators are in-
volv~d 1o!ith th~ CIA or if recruiters are lurking about. 
We find It negligent and irresponsible to allow the CIA 
to subvert what vestige of academic freedom 
remains at UC - just as the CIA has subverted in a 
more drastic manner, the democratic process~ and 
liberation movements in many countries abroad. It is 
imperative that we be informed of the full scope of 
UC/CIA involvement. 

We await your response and your action along the 
lines we have suggested. 

Spiderman Fights New Battle ' 
~ (CPS) - Pubescent baby-makers beware! Planned Parenthood has joined with Spiderman to battle teenage pregnancy. In a new comic book entitled "The Amazing Spidennan Vs. 

The Prodigy," which Is being distributed to public schools and other 
facilities, the superhero takes on The Prodigy, a green-sklnned fellow 
from the planet Intellectla who has a voice that draws people to him "like-
a vacuum cleaner." He has visited Planet Earth to encourage the world's 
youth to get together and provide offspring who will be used as child labor 
back on Intellectla. 

"How I love the way that I get them to swallow all the sludge I hand 
out," he leers. "Imagine! TIley really tb1ak you can't get pregnant before 
you're 15, or the first time you have sex, or if you only do it once in 
awhile." 

Page 3 

Wanted: Tougher Smut Laws 
by Barry AHODSO 

Staff Writer 

I~ used .to be th~t takin~ a walk down the street in a big city meant 
faCing nOIsy ~raff~c, pushing crowds, gaudy neon signs and tasteless, 
product-hawking billboards. That was bad enough. 

Now all of~hat has ~e~n pushedJnto the backgroWld by the rising tide of 
smut sweep 109 the cities and towns of America. The Legions of Por-
nography have conquered .our country - adult books stores, newspaper 
racks, theaters , you name It. almost every community has an overflow of 
them. . 

There are ma~y people in America who are disgusted by all this. They 
s~e the blue movie house across the street from the jWlior high school the 
dirty newspaper vendor in the shopping center, the porno paperback ~hop 
between the church and the synagogue and realize that something has to 
be done about this Plague of Filth. 

Resisting them every step of the way are the so-called liberals and 
"pro.tectors ~f the First Amendment," who utterly disregard the effects 
of thiS maten.al on the pub~c in their argwnents for " freedom of speech." 
To them, ~e Ideal society IS an "Open Society" - open like a lidless swill 
can, you rrught say. 

Smut lost? 
The world has always had pornography - and what these liberals are 

trying to do is destro~ it. We can't let them. We are in great danger. We 
must ~Ip to enact anti-pornography laws - or we will lost smut for goOd. 

ConSider for a moment: man is a social creature. Unlike the beast he 
has a s~iety built on both t~e concepts of responsibility and guilt.' He 
knows nght from wrong. He IS not some dull swine rooting about in the 
mUd. He knows that the pleasures of the flesh block his attainment of 
Higher Things. If he is ever to realize his place in the universe he must 
repress the base instincts. He has got to control himself. 

From this . sp~t between our base instincts and our nobler urgings 
cOf!1es mankind, s sense of fun. The joke, for instance, is based on this 
split - you aren t supposed to I~ugh at someone falling down, but you do, 

bec~~~ of the fact that laughmg at an accident is considered cruel and 
WlclvilLZed. 

The taboo is what makes it a joke. Time and time again in society we 
can ~ this happening. 

~y .is it that certain drugs became so much a part of the political 
radicalism of a decade ago? Because they were forbidden. Violating the 
drug laws meant some~ beyon.d getting stoned - it showed contempt 
for the govenunent, which made It all the more meaningful and fun to 
many people. 

Sexual Hang-ups 

Spidennan Is not impressed. 
"What Jive stuff this turkey hands out," he thinks. 
But just as The Prodigy Is ready to appear on national television to tell 

the youth that pregnancy clears up acne, the superhero beats the stuffing 
out of the sex offender, aU the while admonishing him in front ofthe TV 
audience: "Now they can see what a gnome-dome you are!" 

Of all the repressed guilts in this tormented world of ours the most 
widespread is, of course, sexual guilt. Sexual hang-ups are pretty 
po",:erful stuff. They have existed since the dawn of history. 

Like mushrooms, sexual desire has grown ripe in the darkness 
something mysterious and little Wlderstood. [t can be savored as ~ 
s~ial a!1d select delicacy - to be enjoyed with that extra spice of guilty 
feelmg. All those dirty thoughts are evil and wrong but they wouldn't be 
worth much if they weren't. ' 

, ... -

Science Court .. 
[ConUuaed from Z] 
was, 01 course, Hachel Carson, 
together with other independent 
scientists and conservationists 
who first lnformed the America~ 
people about the hazards of syn-
thetic pesticides. She succeeded -
despite the early opposition of 
official advisory committees - in 
gcnerating enough public concern 
to support the Envlromnental 
ProtecUon Agency's later actions 
to control the pestlcklea. 

The l'Orltl'O'leny surrounding • 
huge Itore of nerve gat near 
Denver's airport provides another 
S~l'iking example. The Issue was 
fl~st raised by independent 
SCientists of the Colorado C0m-
mittee for Environmental Infor-
Illlltlon, who pointed out that a 
plane rrll~hlnl( Into the nerve gas 

Says Marvel Comics director Stan Lee, who provided the group's 
services lratis, "wben a million or more teenagen are getting pregnant 
each year for want of good education and birth control help, it's quite in 
character for Spidennan to want to do something about it." . 

Coocludes Jack Hood Vaughn, the family planning group's president: 
"We don't claim to have covered more than a fraction of the ground in 
this Spldennan adventure, but if it serves to prompt readers to find out 
more, from the right sources, it's done Its job." 

tanks could kill off the entire city. 
Alter consider-abl:! public outcry, 

the govenune~ consulted its 
scientific advisors, who recom-
mended that the material be 
shipped east and dumped in the 
sea. It was then pointed out - agClin 
very publicly - that proper safety 
precautions would require a large 
lIupply of syringes loaded with 
atropine to prevent deaths If the 
tanks were broken In a train 
wnck. 

FInaUy, the government's ad-
vlson adopted a suggestion they 
had rejected earlier, and the n~rve 
gas was detoxified locaUy. 

All this suggests lhat scientists 
COI1C('rncd about social lssu have 
nCllted a strong working 

rt'lati(ln~hlp with the publi(" qUIte 

apart trom the olficlal system at 
advisory committees. 

Hazards of Court 
U it should be established, the 

science court would reverse that 
relationship. Science would be 
reduced from a process in which 
knowledge is freely shared and 
contradictions openly discussed to 
one in which peoplc are told what 
SOIllt.'OOC decides thcy should be 
told. 

That would reduce the public's 
hiKh estccm for scicnce, and 
science's ril(ht to dcscrve it, to the 
dislIIClI level shared by so many 
oth r institutions that IICt as 
though the people lire not bril(ht 
enou,.;h to Icarn for thrmselv(,s 
what they need to know about the 
IIIIJlle,," \\(Irld . 

Which is exactly the point : we are facing a debasement of smut. The 
power, the magnetism, the mystique of smut is fading because it is too out 
in the open. As sWllight is unhealthy for certain mushrooms so the 
present pennissive attitude towards dirty books and movies thr~tens to 
ruin their appeal. Smut will become like Shell gasoline or' Carnation Tuna 
- just another commodity. We can't let it happen. 

We need more laws. We need more restrictions. We need more moral 
indignation. If smut is to survive, it must be condemned! We can't enjoy 
it unless we make it wrODg again ! 

frifoolimes 
EXECUTIVE BOARD 

David EI""n • Ell .. ut ... edllo. 
Marl< Sladler • Man""lng edllor 

Alan Russell · New. edit", 
Alec N_lman · A .. oo:llI. N_* ed~or 

lIera Todorov - Communlly edllor 
Ran Anbar • OpInion .lItor 

.lames G Solo AdwtIlsI"" M ...... 
Becky !leV,nne, • PnxIuctIon -88-

SIIauna Slo~es • Production -nover 
~ut! Nealon C.."., _tor 
Scotl s.d1l · 1jIort ...... or 

Tim MacK nzi. · An, editor 
8m 8rook • ""'to editor 

Joel C Don A .. od ... News edllor 

Stall Wrll.r. 
Reed illper1 
M e S" n 
Ted Bllke 
Dave C:lI1en 
J C E6elberg 
John H..beral,oh 
Jon Hal ,in 
Marl_ Herman 
Margar81 Hewey 

/Iy ,"on 

!;a,a J lQ .. co· 

Ron Kato 
Laura R,ehl 
KKk Rool nson 
Sue halln 
We'll yWi>da 
P ulWatry 

Production An"l,nl. 
Clnay Heffron 
Judy Wall on 
Abbe WOOl 
PI\oIOU'·"" .... 
ShannQLI AIkman 
Tom 8ro"'n 
ChriS SIlerman 

~Iu.I,.lors 
[)eo, Clark 
Jod, eurlJlMl 

~'.r" ~ .~t 
Sl ... Skubinna 
Ollice Man.,. 
Y¥onr~1 , 
Dan Lanne, 
Meg ScllllUle 
AdVtI1ls1f19 Cepel1""nl 
Pt 'n .... I . tlI< I(ln 
M.ltl 1~1Il Snuth 



triton time8 

Post Office: A Consumer's Guide to the Law 
NSTERN 

(CPS)-It's ' moving day for 
Unlvenlt r of California an-
thropology nt Melanie Ford. 
Back and fdl1h between her l.4lS 
Angeles h<me and her car abe 
trudges, I .. dlng It up with 
everythlrw that'U make her year at 
UC Riverside that much more 
enjoyable. 

Suddenly, as Ford steps off her 
porch with a small planter, a 
passing LA cop screeches to a halt, 
leaps frun tU car, slaps a pai,r ~ 

handcuffl an her and reads her 
riIbta. Tbe planter, It tuma out, 
cantalna five slender marijuana 
pJanta. Melaaie Ford Is UNDER 
ARREST. What doeIlhe do. 

n's a famlllar scene these days, 
even as polIa show f1 mllIion 
Americans puffing the funny weed 
IIIId even as some states loosen up 
their laws governing Its use. But 
people are still faced with 
marijuana arrests-416,OOO last" 
year alone-so one's actiona when 
confronted with the police have 

tremendous legallmpUcatlCJ9S that 
could eventually spell the dif-
ference between acquittal and 
conviction. . 

Lawyers stress the Importance 
of paying great attention to _arch 
and arrest procedures because the 
great majority of criminal caleB 
never go to trial. In DetroIt, only 
five percent ~ people arrested 
actually go to court; In Houston, 
just two percent ~ 16,000 people 
arrested in 1970 ever got their day 
in court, according to a maaslve 

ExplORE! 
Ethnic Resources 

A journey to the many Ethnic Resources in libraries 
ENROll iN: . . 

CONTEMPORARY iSSUEs·5O 

SECTioN 8 
Thursday to-Noon 

legal study made that year. through the legal system and end 
WhIle aearch and arrest laws are up in court, the police actl\lll can be 

as hopelessly confusing for used in your favor. 
lawyers, judges and police forces M the nagging question of what 
as they are for normal people, to do with the dope when tbe cops 
there are atlU some basic. do's and · pull you over, the law indicates the 
don'ta regarding the police that aU beat plsce Is the bod. '!be Supreme 
drug users should keep in their Court has ruied that unleaa Is 
dope besotten minds. actually being placed under arrest, 

The cardinal rule in dealing with cops may only search for weapons. 
the cops Is, "When you're not Anything stashed an the body, even 
possessing, start confeaaing." At if It Is an oz. of Idller Columbian, 
least, be as cooperative as posalble can't reasonably' be construed as a 
If you've got nothinS to hide. weapon or used against you. 

If you do have something ~ the In the bome or dorm, where 
narcotic persuasion to conceal, the one's right are the same, the best 
name of the game Is to "Be cool." response to that midnJ.gIt knock on 
If you are stopped by the police the door by the men In blue Is to 
whlle driving, the driver and demand a search warrant Should 
passengers should Immediately they oot produce, you may politely 
leave the car and walk ' back assert tlat they don't have the 
towards the police car In an u. right to enter. If they lnslst, you 
threatening manner. ThIs deft should let them In to save yourself 
maneuver prevents the police from from a possible pummeling, but as 
having legal cause to search the in the case ~ the car remember the 
car. poUce are breaking the law. Again, 

The poUce, however have been the body Is the best place to stash 
known to break the law them- the weed. Remember also that no 
selves, so they may insist on college official has the right to 
looking through the car even if the aUow- the poUce to search your 
driver and passengers are not In It. donn room. 
If this happens, teU the officer 88 Speaking of dope and the law, 
politely as possible you don't want students planning to do any nar-
to consent to a search. If the police colic business through the U.S. 
persist, lawyers say it's advisable Mail should be aware of the postal 
to tollow their orders but service's new "dope profUe" that 
remember, you have still helps Inspectors sniff out fishy 
preserved your rigtt should the parcels that smack ~ dope. 
case ever wind its torturous way According to court recorda, sturdy 

packages weighing 16 to 20 pounds 
marked "airmail" are most likely 
to fit the pronUe and be yanked 
from a bin and inspeCted for drugs. 

Moreover, the government has 
developed a dog equiped with an 
extra-sensitive snoot who can sniff 
yout even the most assiduously ' 
hidden durgs. Major Jeffrey Unn 
says the Anny has evolved the 
super dog whose nose knows no 
limits after eight years of research 
and $1.8 million. 

Man Watchers.. 
I Continued from 11 
charm and sense of hwnor have 
made him a favorite of several 
generations of women." 

Mallery conceived the idea of 
Man Watchers after a trip to 
Rome, where she noticed that 
most ancient statues and 
paintings were of men rather 
than women. "I realized that 
men were the first sex sym-
bols," she said. That was three 
years ago. Now the organization 
has 3000 members nationwide. 

What kind of woman joins 
Man Watchers? Mallery 
estimates that the averalle 
age of members, though she 
says that the organizatian Is 
popular among college women. 
Basically, she says, members 
are women who are not afraid to 
admit that they appreciate 
good-looking men. 

Man Watcher. members 
apre. their admlnt10a far 
attractive lIMO by pres .... 
..... rib.el ..... ...... 

~.n. .... m 
.... 

Mo-1, J...ary 11, 1m 

Ubraries.-
and the canvenlent aample of the 
library system at Beneley. 

"Moreover," according to Harry 
N. Scheiber, Vice-Chairman of the 
UCSO Academic Senate Ubrary 
Committee, "the Plan Is riddled 
with dubioUl aaaumptlona about 
costs and benefits that underlie its 
recommendations for a radical 
reconstruction of the UC 
libraries." 

The propOlll a~ that _ 

student. 
They have found that not only 

has U~O been the only campus to 
register opposition to the plan thus 
far, but none of the members ~ the 
student Body Presidents' Council 
had been informed ~ the proposal 
at the time of their December 
meeting. Baker finds the general 
concensua to be that the plan Is 
"disasterous". Schneider plans to 
propose that a position be taken on 

triton times 

Lobby .• 
It would appropriate $t million for 
projects to infonn high school and 
comniunlty college students from 
low Income areas about the 
financial help and guidance 
available to them at the university. 

In each of the past four years the 
legislature has included $1 million 
in the budget for improving un-
dergraduate education. The lobby 
will again support funds in the 
budget for ttls program. 

It will also attempt Haber said, 
to have a resolution passed by the 
legislature on including more 
consumer information, such as 
class sizes and student/teacher 
ratios, in the university 
catalogues. While not having the 
force of law, the resolution would 
ha~e considerable influence on the 
W1iversity, he said. 

Student Housing 
The Lobby has two projects 

going on in the area of student 
hoUSing. It wilt oppose AB 2 which 
would put local rent regulation 
WIder the control of the legislature. 

Only 25 cents 
Personals 50 cents 
Non-students onl1J ~l 

s 

.central Library 

"We feel that the communities 
themselves should have control 
over rent regulations," Haber said. 
"This would give students in 
college towns greater control over 
their rents. " 

FOR 600 
million in capital costs will be 
saved over a period of 25 years If 
the stor~e plan is adopted. Says 
Haak, "Its COlt data Is faulty, and 
both data and footnotes are slanted 
towards supporting the specific 
recommendstlons of the plan. " 

Stadeat Views 
Representing the student 

viewpoint are Greg Baker, intern 
in the Bu"iness Office and Andy 
Schneider, intern in the Office of 
Student Affairs. The two have been 
making a cooperative effort to 
review the plan from the stand-
point of the best interests of the 

the plan at the next SBPC meeting 
to be held January 15. 

If implemented, the proposal will 
probably result in UCSD losing 
members of its faculty to 
universities where they would not 
be subject to the inadequacy of the 
new system. 'Thomas Metzger, 
associate professor of History, 
declares "If this disasterous new 
plan for library "development" is 
followed, gifted scholars for whose 
service there is an effective 
demand will leave this Univer-
sity." 

In the next few weeks the lobby 
will sponsor legislation to include 
students in the Rumford Fair 
Housing Act. The bill, to be rein-
troduced by Howard Berman (D-
Sherman Oaks), would prohibit 
discrimination against students by 
landlords. 

Specia l Student Discount available for mid-
week skiing (Monday through V) , except December 
20 through 31 . and February 21 . 
To qualify. pr ... nt studentt.D. and driyer's licen .. 10 our dis-
tribulor • . Coupons aya ilable for a nominol charge 01 many 
compul box oHicel, and 'rom all regular Ba .. oulJeh. 

~ingles $6.oo! 
Doubles $8.001 
Triples $9.001 
Wedges $10.001 
Huggers $12.001 
T-Shirts $4.951 

reg. $9.95 
reg. $12.95 
reg. $1~.95 
reg. $17.95 
reg. $21 ,95 
'reg. $7.00 

1261 Prospect AVfl. #2 
ACROSS FROM THE OiARlliOUSE RESTAURANT 

PageS 



.... I rII4I11 II nllos 
_________ ~--------------~------------------------------------------------------------------------------____ 4-__ 

TIps for enants 

Landlord Hassles Can Be Avoided 
by It.o SUna 

(CPS) - It "88, not a pleasant 
ending to Mary Capito's vacatioo, 

Mary was returning home, 
feeling ~\Ued and happy. N she 
loped up 1he stairs to her apart-
ment, Mary made a mental note to 
pay her rent· since it was already 
three days overdue. But ap-
proaching her front door, she 
quickly found out that wouldn't be 
necessary; she was greeted by a 
padlock and note which read, "Due 
to your failure to pay the rent on 
time, we have evicted you and 
have taken custody- of your 

&Sessions. " 
BUSIN ESS .)prl ' R 1 i JrJI7" 

Stuff Envelopes 
$25.00 PER HUNDRED 
Immediate hrninls 

Send $1.00 To: ' 
Envelopes Dept. 339A 
310 Franklin Street 
Boston, Mass. 02110 

strange but true. It happens 
every day in countless cities even 
though most states have banned 
the practice, wbose lepl moniker 
is "forcible entry and detainer." It 
may be a throwback to the days of 
powdered wigs and "six gun 
justice," but landlord lUissles are 
sUll as common these days as 
acne, especially in student c0m-
munities where the transient 
population causes a high rental 
turnover. 

Relief from IaDdlords 
But relief from unscrupulous 

landlords is not hard to come by, if 
students would always keep in 
mind a few simple principles. The 
first commandment of landlord-
tenant relations is, " Thou shalt 
always carefully read. thy lease, 
especially the fine print." Lan-
dlords will often try and slip in 
outrageous responsibilities or 
disclaimers including provisions 
which allow a landlord to take all 
your possessions if your rent is just 
five days late. 

H, before signing your lease, you 
discover any such outlandish 
clauses, make sure they're crossed 
out and then signed by the lan-

dlord, unless you feel 1M? j)8I'licular 
attachment to your worldly 
possessions. 

One other problem area for 
tenants - especiaDy students - is 
the gloomy region of security 
deposits. 1be biggest racket in 
town isn't numbers running or 
interstate car theft, but rather the 
Great American Security Deposit 
Swindle. In most cases, when an 
apartment is rented the tenant is 
required to place a security deposit 
with the landlord which is sup-
posedly designed to cover any 
damage caused by the renter 
during the period of tenancy . The 
rules. say this . deposit will be 
refunded when the tenant moves 
on. But that's not what always 
happens, even if the tenant leaves 
the place spotless. In reality, 
getting your money back is about 
as easy as saying "no" to an in-
surance salesman. 

The laDdlord's procedures 
Landlords realize that most 

people, not to mention busy, 
transient students, won't take legal 
action even if they're "stiffed" on , 

Continued on Page 10 

~ ~lS 'E>oo~fore- Five mues North 
Just PaBt Lo'YrlmJ Santa Fe FI_ Boob Bo ... h, ortd Sold 119 N. Hwy 101 Sollurll Bftlch 755-~J1J 

we feature Publisher's closeouts 
Fine New Books at Half Price 

nne selections 0/ Used History, 
I's)'chology, Poetry, Science. etc.. in 
hardback and paperback, at one-half 
price or less. 
Signed Charles Dickens, Henry Miller, 
Rudyard Kipling. Jack London and many 
line first editions. 

We Also Buy Books 

UCSD PHYSICAL EDUCATION DEPT. 
presents 

WINTER QUARTER 
SPECIAL EVENTS ~, 

) . 

BUMP &--- HUSTLE Re-Revival Saturuy 
jail. 2' Strut to the sounds of San Diego's Finest 

Saturday 
Feb. 5 

C~SiDO Niqht '77 

OL' -_ . 

Free GambliB." Live EntertaiolBeot 
in California's Lar.,est Casino 

GE RGE'S Pie Eating Festival Thursday Feb. 17 
Pie Eating, C""~ 

Bal~ing and Throwing 
Contests For All! 

AND,MORE! 
DISCOUNT TICKETS & 

FREE TRANSPORTA nON 
TO 

BU eH 
G I{DENS LRcostA 

Frid.y • Sunday 
Feb. 25-27 

LA COSTA 
Professional 

Tennis Tournament 

Wblte Wllales 
, 

81ld 

o tiler 
Melllorabilia 
How do I fear J~y Carter, l«:,t 

me count the ways. 
For some reason I have always 

disliked the man, not truly knowing 
wlJY.. Now I know. 

AM because of this knowledge, I 
am in deadly fear of the coming 
inauguration on January 20. 

lt has been a long and weary 
trial, my searching out the reason 
for my rancor with President~lect 
Carter. I have analyzed peanuts, 
and found them still to my liking. 
My father was born in Tennessee, 
so how could I dislike the south? I 
once knew a southern Baptist 
preacher - no qualms there. I have 
a passing relationship with some 
Democrats. Indeed, I can even say 
some of them are my best friends. 
So where does my zealous dislike, 
my apparent hate, come from? 

The revelation, the great 
~lization, and the start of my 
nightmare, began last,week when I 
saw the movie "The Omen." 
Basically what happens is that a 
Washingtoo big·wig stumbles upon 
the startling knowledJ(e that his 
adopted goo is.the anti-Christ. 

This started my train of thought, 
usually empty, chugging forward. 
The pieces began to fit as easUy as 
a Romper Room crossword puzzle. 
Suddenly I understood why Jim-
my, my poor misunderstood pal 
Jimbo, was so religious. This 
explained his desire, the very 
necessity, for his seeking the office 
of the presidency. He needs the 
power of the presidency to combat 
her. Simply speaking ....... 

Amy Carter is the anti-Christ. 
. I knew something was wrong 
when I heard about her lemonade 
stand. She extorted all reporters 
maliciously, selling the artificial 
-lemon juice for prices that 
challenged frankincense and 
myrrh. This was just the begin-
ning. 

At the New York Democratic 
Convention she wouldn't talk with 

Book Review_ 
[Continued from .] 

\ tl 

".o.~ ' . 
• b • I 

-
, .. 

; 0 ) 
'>, , ,--
. ----# , 

by 'A181l ~u88~11 
anyone unless they kowtowed and 
brought comic books and games. 

And up Ull now she h8a JIIIt been 
toying with the pubUc. 

The scenario is now let for the 
January II inauguration. My fear 
grows every day, for you see, as 
Carter is sworn in 81 the President, 
QUr PreSident, that's when Amy 
announces her thousand year reign 
as the anti-Christ, our anti-Christ. 

This is not to my liking. I 
Evidently when Jimmy found 

out, some 18 months ago according 
Co my sources, he wasn't pleased 
either. "AmY,"hesaid, "why can't 
you .be like Rosalyn?" She only 
gave hitn the evil eye. 

Since then it has been a pitched, 
silent baWe between Jimmy and 
Amy. According to UPI, the Rev'd 

C1enno~ King is circulaUng a 
petition in Carter's Plains Baptist 
Church to have Amy deported to 
Albania. Amy, on the oUier hand, 
has said that Clennon wiD soon be 
deported, and perspiring 
profusely, she may add. 

Carter's cabinet members, 
criticized by many for not being 
suited to their posts, are not sulted 
to their posts. This paradox came 
about because Carter realized the 
greatest threat facing the country. 

Amy. 
Harold Brown suggests mass 

bombing 00 the public school she 
will be attending. Cyrus Vance, 
ever the pragmatist, suggested the 
country convert to Hinduism, 
thereby promoting the belief that 
there is no anti-Christ. Earl Butz, 
fonner Agricultural Secretary and 
now giving advice to,Carter on how 
to promote his popularity among 
the minorities, didn't like Vance's 
advice as it would mean a negative 
factor in beef sales. As usual, 
nothing is being done, as AC Day 
approaches ever closer. 

And what does Amy say? 
"To HeU with you all." 

One of the most widely publicized scandals Hightower touched on was 
the Russian wheat steal of 1972. That spring, Hightower writes, our 
government and top grain finns knew, "(1) that Russla was going to buy 
massive amounts of grain, (2) that (the u.s.) would have the only grain to 
buy, and (3) that the value and price of this cotmtry's 1972 grain crop 
would rise substanUaUy ." 

Negotiations with R\I88la were kept secret from farmen and con-
sumers. The grain companies bought rt.5 ~on worth of wheat at a 
cheap price, and given 'a govemmeut subsidy, they resold It at even a 
lower price. Needle .. to say, the subsidy paymerU came out of tile 

rs' 

_ ;c::; _ , 

~ easual, Modem, 
" Unique Cloth'ng 

, -

lor 
Jean •. 
Slacks. 
Overalls, 

Men & Women 
Airbrushed T' shlrtl 

by Glenn Cha.e. 

Silk screened. 
Cowboy lIt'rta. 
Bikinis. 
Offset Prtnts 

20% Discount with student ID 
or faculty ID good Win"r QuCll'ter, 

Located next to the Cheese Shop 
2163 Avenlda de 10 Playa La Jolla Shores La Jolla 454-1041 

MASTERCHARGE 

Monday, ...... '1 11,1111 Irlff.I.IIIMOS 

WHAT'S ON: 
1/10 - '1/17 

Monday 
75-9 PAll

nt 
-elcomeBtrtb C(oDtrol CHalc. CoWlSeling, information, and appointments. Rap session 

at pm. w . Student Health. 

Thursday 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic Cou lin . f . 

6 pm - MeetIDl. Snow Ski Club will be collecUng money for first Mammoth trip to be held ~anuary 28-30 ($25.) and Tahoe February 18-21 ($91.50). AU reservations wiD be first-come . 
fIrst-serve. H&rSS 1330. 

session at 7 pm. All welcome. Student Health~ g, m ormation, and appointments. Rap 

R ~~~~ -4~~~~~ti~~t~~~:~': ~::~:mee~~n~~f~::gRoo302m' M302CMCoCnf' oom. 0CUUU&I6 . erence 
,8-10:30 ~ - bneU Folk Duce - All welcome for an evening of dancing and fun Sand 

Will be reviewing from 8 to 9, dances by request from 9 on. Rec. Gym Conf. Room. Fr~e. y 

Tuesday 
9 am - Commuter Boerd MeetIDJ. Publicity for 88Q. 302 MC Conf. Room. 

P • Pdm la-_~maIT PIay.let Semiaar. Speaker: Mr. W.M. Nevins, UC, Berkeley Topt'c ' seu oc BDIUI ransport. Location: P&L 1110 . • 
R::' - WOIlleD'. 1D~~"'te l'euJs team meeUag - organizational. Rec. Gym Conf. 

4:30 pm - Department of Nearoacleaeea SemlDar. Speaker: Carron White Ph 0 Spec h 
and ~earlng Center, Childrens Hospital of San Diego. Topic: "Pattern and 'Col~r Effect ~ 
the Visual Evoked Response." Room 2100, Basic Science Bldg. 

S.9 pm - BfrtII Coatrol Clbdc. Counseling information d int ts Ra . 7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. ' ,an appo men . p sessIOn at 
7-~0 pm - "MIme for Teac~n, Pare~, Youth Leaden" first of nine Tuesda evenin 

sessIOns offered by UC San Diego ExtenSIOn. An introduction to the excitement .it the no~ ~~~is:'.orld. Room 307, Vaughan Aquariwn-Museum. Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
7:30 pm - . ~ fUm, "~rtin Luther,:' available asa separate event or the beginnin of a 

l().week senes, Foundations for Christian Faith." University-Corrununity CtlUrch 95~ L 
Jolla Shores Dr. near N. Torrey Pines Rd. ' a 

7: 30-10 pm - Balkan Folk Dancing - Beginner instruction 7:30-8:30, Intennediate 8'30-9 
dances by request 9-10. HSS 2333. $.25 students, $.50 non-students. . , 

,8:45. ( ~0':l open at 8:30 pm) - Four fOms: "The Checkers Speech" starring Richard 
NIxon:, 3:Mmute Amencan T~e Capsule;" "Interviews with My Lai Veterans;" "The 
Hand, anunated Czechoslovakina short. Come and judge for yourself. Admission free Side Door, Revelle Commons. . 

Wednesday 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control ClIDIc Counseling inf t' nd . 

session at 7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. ' orma lon, a appomtments. Rap 

C 1 pm I -FGraduate Student Council Meeting. North Conference Room, Student Center ompex. ree. 
4,:00 ~ - Tbeoretlcal . SoUd ~tate Pbyslcs Sem1nar. Sj:Ieaker: Dr. T.C. Lubensk 

ULocnIverslty of Pennsylvarul) , TopIC: Advances in Theory of Percolation and POlymer~ ' 
auon: H-L 1402. ·Note : this day and location this time only. . 

4 pm - Outing Club meetlDg. 711 MC, Rec. Center. 
4 p~ - Astropbyslcs-8pace Physics Seminar. Speaker : Dr. David H. Roberts, UCSD_ T4~~c . Report on the 8th Texas Sympoeium on Relativistic Astrophysics. Location : H-L 
6-.1:30 pm - A<?LU (~~rican Civil Liberties Union) meeting t~ discuss this quarter'e pr~!ects and mOVIe. All mVlted to attend . Coffee Hut. 
.30-11 p~ - Open au~~oDS for multimedia performance group piece. Dancers actors 

actresses, smgers, techmcl8ns needed. Bldg. "C", Student Cepter Complex. ' , 
8pm-Sam HJn~D.ltecCenter, 711 MC. 

y Dr, LUtleman 

Despite numerous efforts by certain 
individuals, Dr. Littleman returns 
albeit somewhat the worse for wear: 
This quarter we hope to expand our 

, scope to include advice to the lovelorn 
and a forum for those lltUe bits of in-
formation (spelled ~~-P) that we 
all .run across in our day to day ex-
penences. Send everything into the 
Triton Times office by Wednesday of 
e~hweek. 

Dear Doc: A. a .taII member in-
terested In Ibe emlre UCSD com-
m..tty, the 'I'rttaa TIme. II a mat .. 
my cnwded readaI lilt. ne Dee. 7 
....... of .,...1 ........ bee ... ., 
tile TV actioa .... " PM! Sa ..... .. 
Raden ........... te bew .... tUt 
tile ......... r .We .. ca,.re hill 
Ie acU.1I .... DIreet. " Penauel-
o.leC4M. 

Thanb for the info. Q)bb .Iso took 
this picture of Paul .nd his fellow 
contestant. Althoulh he ' doesn't 
remember it, Dr. Saltman 811Ured .. 
she got her rwne rlglt abo, provlnl 
that she wu at least a. smart 81 he 
WU. 

3 :.30 pm - Reproductive Medlcine Seminar. Presented b . Gre . ~~~~;~r~~e:o~!nB~O~~~i~~~eA~t~ ~ ~~dUct~ ~~diC~: !op~~~~~, lo~~D~f 
Humanities" Social Sciences Bldg., Room 21M, Muir°gam Y us ydig and Granulosa Cells." 

4 pm - PhYSics Department CoUoquium S k . l . Un~versity and U~D. Topic: The Origin of th~ c:atin~~is ~d ~~. ~~~~.Cambridge 
~ pm - PubU~, Lecta.re. The Department of History and Jewish Studies present a s m-

InPOSf lum'ITOLouPIC: F
Jews m Germany and RUSSia in the Era ofthe First World War " Reielle 

orma nge. ree. . 
4:30 pm - Fourth CoUege Student Gov" Cabinet MeetlDg 302 MC Conf R 
7:30-11 pm - Open audltiODs for multimedia perfo~e r ~ oom. 

actresses, si.Dgers, technicians needed. Bldg. "c" StUdent ce~teo:a&!nPl:~ Dancers, actors, 
7:30 pm - New Bible study: Epistle of Ja~es led b C p ' 

University-Corrununity Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores'Dr. at~. T~~~in~~~;:hn Huber. 
7:30 pm. - Film. "All the King's Men," starring Broderick Crawford d' M Missc~brldge sponsored by ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union) USB a;22 e$rc50edead-s m Ion. . , . 
7:30-11 pm - FU~. "The Sorrow and the Pity," Marcel Ophuls' criticall acclaimed 

dReocumllenCtary fOCUSing on the German OCcupation of France during World Wa~ II HL 1402 
ve e ampus. Free. . 

Friday 
~oon - ~ecent Computer Music - Recent ompositional work with digital sound synthesis 

usmg FM IJIStruments. 408 MC. Free. 
Noon - "The Analysis of Complex Musical.Textures by Graphic Methods " lecture and 

presentation of recent work. 408 MC. Free. ' 
12-;4 :30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, infonnatlon, and appointments Rap 

sessIOn at 7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. . 
2 p~ - AMES-BI~~NGINEERING SEMINAR. Title of Seminar: "Blood Compatibility of Ma,te~lals - The MlJUJllum Interfacial Free Energy Hypothesis." Room 2100 Basic Science BUIlding. 
4-5 :30 pm - Transfer Student Gathering. Rec. Center, 7lJ MC. 
8-11 :30 pm - International Folk DaDcing - everyone welcome ! Instruction from 8-9 9-

11 :30 dance party. APM 2402. $.25 students, $.50 non-students. ' 

Saturday 
. All day - Paint Day -'RHB Project all day painting. Party in Rec. Center in evening Rec 

Center 711 MC. . 
3-8 pm.- Fourth College Commuter BBQ. Surfside - SIO. 
Overmght - EOP. 711 MC. 

-

Sunday 
10 ll!lI -. UCSD Gospel Choir sings to commemorate n Luther King, under the direction of 

Prof. Cecil Lytle o~ the M.usic ~pt. , as part of regular Sunday worship service of the ~:.:~~. congregation. UnlVerslty-Corrununity Church, 9595 La JoUa Shores Dr. at Torrey 
~ pm-4 or 5 pm - Casual workshop for guitarists with Mike Seeger and friends. Bring 

gUitar and relax before the Sunday mght concert. Side Door Revelle Commons Free ,·t's 
always free . . •. ... 

8 pm - Gospel C~ir - Martin Lutber King Memorial. Directed by Cecil Lytle. With UCSD Fa~lty, ensemble ~ a performance of 0 King by L9 Berio. Directed by Bernard Rands 
AuditOrIum, Mandeville. Free. . 

8-11 pm - CODcert. Ry Cooder and Mike Seeger Concert. Folk and chicken skin music UCSDGym. . 

I was aghast at the blgb cost of travel. 
Since I'm plaDDlDg to travel some more 
this summer, and I don't want 10 bitch-
hike, I'd like to bow about some low-
cost mea. of traJIBportatlon. 

Depending upon how far and where 
you want to go, there are various 
al~ernatives available. A bicycle trip 
With a group of friends is a fun idea , The 
UCSD Bike Coop can give YOll 
assistance in planning such a trip. 
There are many package tours 
available to places like Hawaii. 

However, if all you want is a cheap 
way to travel somewhere within the 
continental United states, and you don't 
mind taking your time getting there, 
the new GreyhoWld bus fares are hard 
to beat. For fifty dollars, you can get a 
one-way ticket to anywhere in the U.s. 
served by Greyhound. The ticket is 
good for two months and permits free 
stopovers enroute so long as travel is 
out of state and is maintained on the 
most direct route between origin and 
destination. 

As an example of the savings, a trip 
from San Diego to Boston will cost you 

$50 on Greyhound, $200 on Amtrak or 
$211 by air coach. A trip to New Y~rk 
will cost $50 on Greyhound, $168.50 on 
Amtrak, or $202 by air coach. Take your 
pick, and bon voyage. 

Dear Doc : Is It true that George 
Murphy, Vlce-ebanceUor and Dean of 
Student AHBin, is the author of Mur-
pby'. lAw? 

Murphy's Law, which states that if 
anything can go wrong, it will, was not 
first enunciated by Dean Murphy. This 
is a gross misconception tllltt has cir-
culated arnund this campus for much 
too long. It is Urne we put it to rest. It ia 
simply not true. The actual authors of 
the lAw were George's parents. They 
said it at the time of his birth. 

Dear Doc: Is tbere D, 1I'1l0l .. 1M 
rumor Ibt BukAmericard &lid Master 
Cbarge card belden wbo .. y tldr bm. 
OD time wID be cl ..... ed a fee for •• 
dolDc? 

Unfortunately , yes. Last April New 
York-based Citlbank reportedly began 

CooU.uedoa hie 15 



..... 

/l\rms and the Man':A Must toS_ee 
by ....... Rewey 

1be celebrated 'iit and comic 
ftnesae of George Bernard Shaw 
can DOW be savored In a production 
of one of his earlier romantic 
plays, ArmI aad tile Mall, bein~ 
presented for the nest five weeks 
at the Old Globe Theatre in Balboa 
Park. Skillful direction by Craig 
Noel, as well as winning per-
formances and impressive 
costuming cortribute to the play's 
success. 

are supplied with the wrong am-
munition, and thlll overtaken by a 
foolish cavalry charge from the 
opposing side. The lady, Raina 
Petkolf, is the pampered daughter 
of a bourgeois Bulgarian major 
and betrothed to the blockhead 
officer, Sergius, who led the ac-
cidentally victorious cavalry 
charge. . 

Uke the true romantic that she 
is, Raina puts on her grand dame 
manners and stoops to save the 
Swiss. She even feeds him her 
favorite chocolate creams and 
dubs him "the chocolate cream 
soldier" because he prefers 
carrying the latter instead of 
cartridges. The real comedic chaos 
begins after the war ends and " the 
chocolate cream soldier" returns 
to thank Raina and her mother for 
their hospitality at the same time 
the two Bulgarian officers make 
their grand comeback. 

transforms into a sensible and 
likeable character in the end. 
Together the two characters are 
rocked ~ thelr pedeataJs and their 
grand illusions of the glory and 
heroism 01 war as well as their 

Petulant Woman 

Shaw's play is a romantic tale, 
brightened by witty dialogue and 
comic complications-predictable, 
yet entertaining. And it is a tale 
with a different twist in that it 
features an anti-romantic hero, 
who bursts the romantic bubble of 
the fairy tale hero and heroine, and 
brings them down to earth. Arms 
and the Man represents Shaw's 
putdown of romantic ideals which 
suppress the natural, down-to-
earth qualities in humans, drawing 
out the pretentious and artificial 
instead. 

'!be Anti-Hero 

The comedy of the play rested 
largely upon the ability of the 
actors to carry off the witty and Gertrude Waggaman . Molly Mayock 

and Geoffrey Beauchamp in Shaw ', 
romantic comedy "Arms and the 
Man _" 

Captain Bluntschli, a 
professional Swiss soldier, 

rtM!torical Shavian dialogue with 
smooth skill. The actors do suc-
ceed. Molly Mayock as Raina and 
Geoffry E. Beauchamp as Sergius 
shine in their respective per-
fonnances as the two romantics. 
Mayock is appropriately dreamy-
eyed as well as petulant and 
temperamental. Beauchamp gives 
us a cynical-romantic buffoon who 

represents Shaw's realistic anti-
hero-fighting watS for a living, not 
for glory. The play opens in the 
year 1885, with Serbia and 
Bulgaria at war. Bluntschli is a 
mercenary for the losing Serbs and 
sensibly retreats for the safety of a 
lady's bedroom when his troops 

. impractical " higher love" are 
gently but firmly destroyed by the 
Swiss soldier. 

Kelsey Grammar is well-cast as 

Continued on Page 13 

Fourth College Writing Program 
Fourth College 12 

"Poetry" 
[f Th 10-11:50 Tioga 902] This seminar will cover the 
fundamentals of poetry , and . will be conducted in 
worl!shop-style to encourage exchange and im-
provement of the writing of the serious poetry 
student. Candace Glass, Instructor. 

h C II 14 Writing" [MW 10-11 :50 Tioga 702] The seminar will Fourt 0 ege emphasize preparation of scientific and tec:hnical 
IITechnical Writing" reports and papers for submission to journals or as a 

corollary of work in college, industry, or the 
government . It will stress organization, format, and 
style, with critiquing of writing assignments that 
culminate in a final report. Robert Fay, Instructor. 

Interested students who have completed the writing requirements of their college should 
come to the Fourth Coli. Writing Office [508 MC ] during this week to enroll. Hours : 8-12, 
1-4. Tel. 452-3068. 

Cc 
r I j lo 
t S 

s 
s e 

s 

Crafts Center 
Weekend 
Workshops 
JUGGUNG. 29 January. 100m '0 3pm. 
Directed by Bobby ROHnbe..-g. mes ter 
juggler. who has lead classes in jugglery .1111 
UClA Experimental College. Son Diego 
Siale University. and made numerous 
profeulonal appearances throughout 
California. The Workshop will Include 
demonstrations and performances by Bobby 
Rotenbe.rg. historical surveys of juggling art 
form •• and individual training and teaching 
in juggling. Wear clothes that allow for frn: 
movement. Bring Ihru bllll • . 
THIRD ANNUAl. U. CCCC DYE ARTS 
WORKSHOP _ 5 February. II am .04pm. 
Instruction In tle-dve and batik dye crall • . All 
dyes wUl be provi ded [or thOle participating, 
and are Included In workshop feel . This 
workshop will be lead by Joe Evtlslzer , 
President o f Flbtec . lnc .• the leading 
manu'b elufer of art dyes in the U .S., and 
Rock Trowbridge, cun~ullln9 color analyst for 
Fibrec. Bring ill good supply of I·shlrl li . sheeli 
and/ or other materials you ""ish to dye. 
along with some 5trong cord and heavy 
rubbe:r band~. 
PAPERMAK1NG BY HAND. 26 and 27 
Fe Nfmy. IO" ... ·3pmj Brln9 Lunchl. led by 
Tim Payne. paper c raflifll3" lI1fth tfid.e 

l eclU r~ cOv.! rlng Wu tt!rn , Oriental. and 
MeNican papermaking. and claM 
experlntenlS by Ih~ partlclpilnls In techniques 
0 ' the papermaklng arC . The session wUl clolt 
wllh " discussion of si mple equipment and 
how p;llH'" m ay be made a l home 
lEADERS IN CONTEMPORARY 
AMERICAN CERAMICS_ Thr .. M.e""9 : 
25 Jon. 15 Feb. 1ft I Mor. 6:3()·9:30pm_ Thl. 
course i, J .. ~r lo tone"rrr.n" y f! nro"~d VC 
Son Di~go t:tromin "Jldent • . Rt.rrvotlol1& 
ont rl l!c~"ary Dnd may be mode ot the 
CAnter or rfm f' of 4" nrollmrnt. A ItttllU! serw~ 
io Ih~ history (tr the mode rn u ramiCf 
movemeot . a s see.n IhJ o\tgh the d~elopm~n t 
of l h,~e of the mnst prom ln~n l ( eramic 
a n i 1$ on the CQnlempora,y SCfnl'! P .. lltr 
Voulktls. John Mason. a nd Hob~tl Arneson. 
l ed by Elaine Levin4l' . who hlUi prr:viouJo' Y 
laughl ceramics a nd art hi w ry .II tl.A. 
and wyl" en numerou, an1cles for urumlc. 
Monlhlv . ~t'k. ond CrQ/u Ilorl,on . 

Schedule 
of 0 ..... 
Ceramic. 
Beginning M 7· IOpm 

W 9amnoon 
W 3-6pm 
W 6-9pm 

Inter / Con'e 
Inter / Glaze 
Ad\,Ianced 
J_e1'l1 

Tu 14pm 
M 47pm 
Tu /Th 9am-noon 

Beginning W 
Advanced Th 
GI_Art. 
Glag / lotro Tu 
GI... Th 
Woodworldng 
Tools. Toys W 
CI_lcal M,,,,,, 

7 10pm 
7-IOpm 

6-9pm 
36pm 

69pm 

Dornbu.sh 
Carlson 
CartJOn 
Dornbush 
Annaloro 
Dornbush 
Annalo ro 

O'Hl.m rahan 
O'Hanrahan 

Monlon 
Do.nbush 

Monfon 

M~me.nt :,a 
W 

100m noon Sax 
79pm Sox 

Photog.-..,hy 
Leclure M 
Lob ~1 

Th 

7·8 3Opm H"hma nn 
8~ IOpm Hehma nn 
9 noon Heft lTlilnn 

Gener •• lnformation 
REGISTRAnON. ln person . betwe.n 10:00 
am and 7:00 pm. MondRY and Tuesday. 
January 10 and 1 t . a-nd lO:OO .m 10 4:30 pm, 
Wednesday.Frlday. January 12· 14. 
Reglstratlon cards are available althe f8ft S 

~nle' whk h is l~ated between the Slud~n( 
Cent" and the. Gym, U . . San Otego. 
FEES. There 1!l8 combined studio fee and 
mate,lals fee of 525 ~ coune for currently 

e nroll~ UCSO slUd4mls. and S50 for all 
others. \.\kek«nd W:>rhhllps are lIIvaiiable On 
" firsf come." ba.sis.·SS U ' b en Diego 
s tudent • . 57.50 all OIMrs TheH feu cover 
much of the tool , t qulpmeOi . and MUlW of 
the' ludeo! material. used In cla55e~ . f us 
are due ailime of r t gi ' fedon In order.o 

't5ef~ dut .pace. Registration aft er 
January 14 'ncurs a 55 hti P fn 
REfUNDS. I ull refund Is made If the enter 
d iscontinues It clul or it an ' " seructor doe 
not accrpl It Iludent applicat ion. Refunds. 

14~55 a 25~ adrnini traclvt ~t vice chftrge. ",i U 
br ~lIowe.d if reque. lt d prlof fO 'he $(I'cond 
class m.edng 

Coke and Water is the 
The Movie is Just 

en Percent Solution: 
Great as the Idea 

by Mark Stacl~r lure Holmea to Freud. Once there, from this lapse, however, both 
Ho: 'nes undergoes Freud's ex. cast are unifonnlyexcellent. 

But the premiere star is Arkin, 
playing the stubbornly brilliant Freud. 
The young psychiatrist is constantly 
challenged - by a skeptical medical 
community, by anti-semetism, by 
Holmes. Through the course of the 
movie Freud triumphs against all 

A paranoic and ag~tated Sherlock 
Holmes, fearfully cowering in his 221-B 
Baker St. digs? His arch-enemy 
Professor Moriarty, a timid hesi&ant 
school teacher? Holmes and the faithful 
Dr. Watson meeting Sigmund Freud in 
VieMa? . 

perimental addiction cure, tben finds '.IJlam:son, flglting tbe Ba.n Rath-
perplexing international mystery io- image, is a strong and arrogant 
volving a baron, the Emperor of the He brings a new .ide to 

Ot~n Empire and famed singer character during his cocaine 
Lola Deveraux (Van~ Redgrave). Duvall breaks free of the 

Herbert Ross' "'f.he Seven-Percent 
'Solution" offers some startling 
variations from the traditional Sir 
Arthur Conan Doyle-Holmes mythos. It 
also offers some of the finest en-
tertainment Hollywood has produced 
this vear. 

Screenwriter Nicholas Meyers-· 
working from his 1974 novel of the same 
name - has mixed the variations with a 
few Holmsian standbys. Holmes, with 
his pipe and deerstalker hat, is ssr-
casUcally brilliant. Watson is doggedly 
solid. The duo ride hansom cabs 
through foggy cobblestone streets. . 

Fact aad Fiction 
But the genius - of "Seven-Percent 

Solution" lies in the meeting of fact and 
fiction, as the master detective Holmes 
meets the master psychiatrist Freud. 

The movie opens in 1891 London, with 
Watson (Robert Duvall) visiting 
Holmes (Nicol Williamson) for the first 
time in four months. The good doctor, 
busy with his wife and medical prac-
tice, has been summoned by Mrs. 
Hudson, Holmes'landlady, because his 
old friend has barricaded himself in his 
rooms. 

Watson finds Holmes in the throes of 
addiction to the "seven-percent 
solution," cocaine mixed with water. 
Holmes speaks confusedly of his great 
enemy Moriarty - "the Napoleon of 
crime" - and soon ushers Watson out 
the door. 

Returning to his home, Watson finds 
a small, mousy man who iptroduces 
himself as Moriarty (Laurence 
Olivier). The professor complains, to 
Watson's astonishment, that Holmes 
has been following him about London, 
calling him a criminal mastermind and 
threatening him by telegram. Moriarty 
explains that his only contact with 
Holmes was when he served as 
mathematics tutor to him and his 
brother Mycroft. 

Enter: Freud 
With the aid of Mycroft, Watson 

decides Holmes can only be cured by a 
brilliant young physician in Vienna -
Dr. Sigmund Freud (Alan Arkin). With 
Moriarty, they weave a complex_plot to 

The smooth, styUst quality <I 
film breaks down at only one 
during a train chase between 
Freud and Watson and the 
Emperor. This chase unfortlmat·eb 
descends into Keystone COlHl~Yle 
as Holmes and Freud leap 
train doing swash-buckling battle. 

Book Review 

Pro 
Food B 

WEEKEND 
GUES1S?' 

by AHcla FIelds 

(CPS) - In the name of progress, 
University of Georgia are trying to 
chicken. They are also working on a 
fuzz from peaches. 

But Jim Hightower doesn't call that Your family and friends will enjoy 
staying at La Jolla's newest 
hlgh·rise resort hotel. 

Sometimes sad, sometimes funny, 
Your Heart 0IIt, shows how food giants 
Del Monte and Ralston Purina strangle 
the apparent blessingS of universities 
government. . 

blundering Watson, 
doctor to be most capable 

own. Olivier does a good job with 
new Moriarty, in an all-tO&brief 
while Redgrave is hampered by 
one-dimensional character of 

Arkin is Star 

three, and Arkin's portrayal should not 
be ignoreii atOscar-time. 

With an interesting story line and a 
talented cast - combined with some 
innovative photography - "Seven-
Percent Solution" emerges as first-rate 
entertainment, something all too rare 
these days. 

in Agribusiness? 
Ambush America 

incestuous relatlons&ip between Secretary of Agriculture 
Earl Butz and agribusiness. 

After he resigned as Assistant Secretary of Agriculture in 
1958, Butz became a dean of Agriculture at Purdue 
University and a board member of Ralston Purina. It is 
common for agriculture officials to play both sides of the 
net, switching from politics to board memberships and 
back again, according to Hightower. 

One example Hightower notes is how Blitz encourages 
monopoly cortrol of agribusiness. In the early 1960's he 
persuaded many chicken fanners to join forces with large 
food processors. 

Like highway robbers, America's 
are waylaying our stomachs, gagging oullWljs 
picking our pockets. 

Remodeled Davon 

String_ Atbcbed 
Ralston Purina first loaned money to financially 

troubled fanners on the condition that the farmers agree 
only to use their company's feed . Then 

Phone Maria, 459·026 1 for rllte 
In formation lind a color 
brochure. 

SUMMER HOUSE 
iNN 

La Jolla Shores Drive 
at Torrey Pines Road. 

" Rutgers actually employes a 
Chemistry who is busy remodeling 
the one who spent time and -tax 
spinach taste like potato chips," HiQ~htO'1n 
that another Rutgers professor is 
banana skins and is working on • 
glove to keep the fruit from ripening 

At the University of California, 
discovered a way to grow cantaloupes 
vines. 

Hightower criticizes universities 
ridiculous research for agribusiness 
problems of the small farmer . 

Accusing the federal government 
bemoans the death of family farms. 
corporate super-fanna, they are 
writes. Family farma "are the iaIt 
petition that exists in tile food ecoInol'll~ 
small farmers look for new UveJjhoods, 

fteCoMuler 
Monopolies cortrol America'. 

production to prlcIna, be writes. In 
executives fat .. 1ari .. (Del 
"',000 a year) agrtbuljnela 
bltant pricta. 

Food monopolies have good contacts 
Washington, D.C. In particular, 

the company provided farmers with chicks and bought the 
full-grown chica.. to sell. But once again there were 
strings attached. The farmers were required to build new 
chicken houses and inItall other expensive equipment. In 
time the fanners were so indebted to Ralston PurIna that 
they worked for the corporation Uke serfs for a feudal 
landlord. The only alternative was to lose their farms. 

In ten years time monopolies gained 92 percent control of 
the chicken industry . 

Continued on Page' 

hge • 

Controversial College Speakers Generate 
Wide Audiences AcrossAmericanCarnpuses 

by Steve Lemen 
and RillS Smith 

(CPS)-"Hubert Humphrey is 
the biggest swine ever to be 
catapulted out of the gutter into 
politics and he wouldn't know the 
truth if it hit his leg and bit him on 
the kneecap. " 

So says Rolling stone Magazine'. 
Hunter S. Thompson as he struts 
across the Johns Hopkins 
University Stage, chain-smoking 
Dunhills, swigging Wild .Turkey 
and muttering something that 
most people in the hash smoke-
filled arena can't hear. He mutters 
some more and then exits, 
whispering to his aides, " Can I 
turn around now, is there anything 
behind me, are you sure it's all 
right?" 

Thompson is strutting across 
stages in Australia this fall, but the 
campus speaker circuit in America 
rolls on and on. Speakers are 
sometimes boring, often amusing, 
always eccentric and they're now 
hitting colleges in greater numbers 
than ever before. 

Speakers Business "Big" 
"Business has really multiplied, 

it's really taking off," crows Bob 
Walker, president of the American 
Program Bureau (APB) in 
Massachusettes, the nation's 
premiere college speaker agency. 
The nationwide business in campus 
speakers is "very, very big," said 
Walker. "J'd hate to guess how 
big." 

Along with the big demands for a 
variety of speakers goes the large 
fees being conunandeered. Fees 
for each engagement range from 
,1000 to ~,OOO for clients .of the 
AFBfirm. 

Walker says his agency has 400 
speakers, beginning twelve years 
ago by bridging a "major com-
munications gap in this country" 
with Dick Gregory as their first 
speaker. Walker claims to run a 
"very efficient" organization, with 
a sharp, bright staff of young 
people and a computer. . 

" John Dean is hot as hell. Ralph 
Nader, Julian Bond is completely 
sold out-we can't fit anyone else 
in. " Walker ticked off more well 
known names on his list. He ex-
plained how some speakers will 
only be home for a few days out of 
several months on the circuit. like 
Vincent Bugliosi (Charlie Man-
son's prosecutor). -

225 Dates Per Year 
With so many engagements, 

people do tend to get burned out. 
"Sometimes they don't even know 
what city they're in." Gergory 
does 22S dates a year." But the fees 
are worth the efforts, and APB 
claims up to 30 percent of those 
fees. 

The fees appear expensive, but 
Walker explains that it's a matter 
of " supply and demand." He did 
say that some speakers cut their 
fees iI the audience is a college 
group. 

The highly competitive speaker 
business has more talent ap-
plicants than they can usually 
handle. The Harry Walker agency 
of New York said the hiring of 
speakers is very selective for their 
firm. APB claims to get 30 or 40 
calls a week, rejecting more than 
they can take. 

The APB agency claims to have 
opened the college market to the 
controversial, political people 
looking for a platform. "We started 
Timothy Leary off, we did all the 
blacks, Abbie Hoffman, Jane 
Fonda, the women's lib movement-
-we started them oR. But at the 
same time we continued to have 
cultural speakers like Pearl 
Buck." 

Lord and Dane, another 
Massachusetts based agency, said 
they too have a variety of talent 

Continued on Page 13 

AlTENTION: 
NON-SCIENCE AND SCIENCE MAJORS 

WINTER QUARTER CLASS: FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE 118 

Frontiers of Science 118, entitled a "Trinity of Approaches" will 
explore the idea thai there are generally three points of view to 
everything. The validity of this for society, science, and self will 
be shown. While two eyes give stereoscopic vision , the third eye 
is essential 10 unify biology, physics , social sciences, humanities 
and Ihe arts. Man's further development depends importantly on 
a simultaneous accounting of the tri-chotomies produced by 
these disparate and often conflicting viewpoints. 

These various points of view will be presented in relation to 
several -problems, with the aim of increasing the student's in-
dependence of thought and ability to syntliesize for themselves 
well.reasoned multidisciplinary world views. 

Dr. Bemd T. Matthias, Professor of Physics and Dr. Robert 
Livingston, Professor of Neurosciences, assisted by a number of 
prominent guest lecturers, will offer Frontiers of Science 118 this 
quarter on Tuesdays and Thursdays 2:00 to 3:20 in HSS 2250. 

Atteatloa 
Art Stud •• 'sl 

ZO~Opp 
Special on ALL art supplies 
through February 12, 1977 
at all FRAZEE PAINT stores 

with this coupon. 
xhool ______________________ __ 

Instructor ____ _ _ _ ___ -:--

FRAZEE PAINTS 
_ .. th 



..... ......... t •• IM 

Cong ass Jurtks College Tuition Tax Credit 
1Iyc.t .... 

(CPS)-strapped by tu1tlaa and 
. ca.t of lIvinI 1DpreueI, maD)' 
studetU aDd their famm. were 
looking for a lila break last sum-
mer to provide relief from the IUgb 
cost fl.oIna to IICbooL 

Congress was rewrttloi the tax 
laws and one move COIIIidered-
and, at one point, approved by the 
Sell8te-was a tuition tab credit. 
This proposal would have allowed 
taxpayers to subtract a small 
portion ci the money they spent on 
tuition and fees-initially, up to 
$1OG-from their tax bill. 

The House didn't include the 
proposal in their tax bill, however, 
and the credit .was eventually 
dropped from what was to become 
the Tax Refonn Act of 1976. For 
students. nothinR chanRed. 

,1. Credit 
The original Senate proposal was 

IIpOIlIOI'ed by Beaator William IWb 
(R-De!.) and provided a P" tax 
credit for tuWan and - beIin-
ninI nat year, with ltepped m. 
creues fl $50 brin8iDI the credit to 
aPJlOmuimum. 

'11Ie Roth proposal was by no 
means a unlvena1ly agreed upon 
boon for students, witb IIOIIle 
critics arguing that the money was 
poorly targeted while others 
charged that it stood in the way ci 
genuine tax refonn. Still others 
claimed the tuition credit was so 
small as to be nothing more than a 
political sop to middle income 
families and a way of diverting 
pressure away from the deep 
rooted crisis in financing higher 
education. 

The Roth proposal consequently 
left students in a bind: whether to 
push for far reaching tax reform, 
seek to modify the proposal to 

Niederfranks 
Ice Cream Parlour 

Natural Ice Cram, Saadwlches, 
Hand-made Candies, lno Presenatins] 

Frozen Gourmet Quiches 
J 28 So. Acacia, Solana Beach 
(Across/rom Solana Theatre) 

Open 7 days and nights) 

make It more equililble and ef-
fective, or simply Une up at the 
Internal Revenue Service for a dip 
In thetu Wl. 

It ... a sboIt lived dilemma. 
When the HouN-8enate conference 
jaed the tuWon credit, students 
were left exactly wber'e they were 
when tbe dea-te started: witb no 
tax break, no tax reform, and 
facinllthe prospect of ever In-
creasing educational costs. 

IUs .... Cos1I 
Arguinll for the tuition credit, 

Senator Roth said, " It Is readily 
admitted that the fastest rising 
cost Is in education. It seems to me 
it Is time we gave recognition to 
middle working Americans and 
help them send their children to 
college." 

Refonners acknowledged the 
financing crisis in higher education 
but criticized the proposal as a 
backdoor approach which did not 
confront the fundamental 
problems of financing education. 

'''1 find Senators this afternoon 
voting to spend money throullh the 
Internal Revenue Code for social· 
purposes that they would never 
support If the same amount ci 
money were involved in additions 
to the budget," said Budget 
Committee Chair Edmund Muskie 
(D-Malne) . 

other critics have argued the 

Amazing Grace 

proposal would provide little or no 
relief for thole most In need: lower 
incCIme famWeI and ' independent 
studeIU. Some fl tbeIe critics 
have claimed a mucb more ef-
fective stralelY would be to add 
the P.l blWon onto the Basic 
Grants pfOll'8ll1, thus expandinll 
eligibWty for the program and 

inc~ grant maximums. 
Reform TwIst 

In one curious twist on the 
concept of reform, Senator Charles 
Mathias (R·Md.) argued in favor 
of the tuition credit precisely 
because so many tal[ breaks 
already go to the wealthy. 

"Adoption of this amendment 
will give a small benefit to a . very 
large group of taxpayers who will 
be footing the bill for so many ci 
the tax breaks the Senate hBs seen 
fit to give to business and high 
income individuals," said Mathias. 
"Low and middle income cltIze .. 
also deserve the favorable cci~ 
sideratlon of the Senate." 

All the cries for refonn and caDs 
for aid to students and their 
families, however, got students 
nowhere. 

" Only the wealthy can afford to 
send their children through college 
without imposing a great financial 
strain on the enti~ family," said 

CoatIDued on Page 15 

When Grace Slick canceled her reservations on the Jefferson Airplane and booked passage on the 
Jefferson Starship. her switch was at least nominally symbolic of a new musical era for the White 
Rabbit crew. But there have been few changes in the mind of the lead singer. NOlA!. totally spaced and a 
mother besides. Grace still has no inhibitions aside from the Chevy engine in her ~ton Martin. Amazing 
Grace brings us all up to date in the current issue of I. Some other Sixties holdovers are those FBI 
files on radicals. Robert Wieder. also in the current 001. tracks his file down -
VJith great diHicuity - if I NailiYl!]' Your Files. while Anita Hoffman. Abbie's better 
half. tells you what's in the folders of the famous. Meanwhile, David Dalton 
attends a charm school for, transsexuals to divine the mysteries of feminine 
behavior and 0Ul asks. "Where has everything gone?" in Strange Vanishings. 
an investigation into the disappearance of just about anything. Naturally. 
there's more - B movies. Mexican food. tennis addiction. CIA blunders. cross· 
country skiing and more than a little bare skin. But you have to ask for it 
at your newsstand. That's easy. though. Just say OUI 

o 1976. PlaybOy Publication. 

I...andIorcL 
[C.tIned frnl.] 

their hard-eamed cub. '!'be lan-
dlord's modus operandi" to refund 
the money only after the tend bas 
Initiated a IaWllllt and .... 
det.ermlned to fDUow it tbrouIh. 
which is one reason why legal 
action is 10 effective in this area. 

So, If your landlord .. doing the 
security deposit shuffle, sashay 
down to your local small clairils 
court and fDe an action. Most 
people don't realize how simple a 
procedure this is; the forms 
require little more than a working 
knowledge of English - lawyers 
are not even allowed! 

But before you make like Melvin 
Belli, be sure to check the loCal law 
regarding wbat ls called "to 
notice" requirements which 
usually oniy Involve sending the 
landlord an official letter ' 
demandinll the return of your 
money. 

These problems highliglt the 
fact that tenants have historically 
been abused due to inadequate 
legal safeguards and the lack ci 
strong tenant organizations. 

Teauluaioaa 
Tenant unions have not 

proliferated mainly because of the 
dogged attempts of landlords .to 
neutralize them. The latest tactic, 
for example, is to use expensive 
lawsuits based on antiquated laws 
to bludgeon tenant unions Into 
submission. 

This maneuver is currently 
being waged by powerful landlords 
against Boston's city-wide Tenants 
First Coalition (TFC). Max 
Bergman, one of Boston's largest 
landlords whose ·fiefdom includes 
many students, has slapped a 
multi·million dollar lawsuit 
against TFC based on an ancient 
civil conspiracy law which most 
people felt had died a natural death 
decades ago. 

The idea from the landlord's 
point of view Is to divert the 
organization's energy from tenant 
organizing to defending against the 
lawsuit. Many tenant unions across 
the country have focused their 
attentions, ' and in some cases 
money on the Kargman lawsuit, 
the result of which will have a 
monumental impact on tenant 
organizing for many apartment 
hunters in the future . 

There/Sa 
difference!!! . 

PREPARE FOR : 

• 
-C .... OV., 3!5 YMIt A. of •• .,...,-n .... end .. _ 

UtI. Smell CI_ 
LlAT Volumlnoul home 
, ~RE Itudy m .... 1W 
, a CCN'_ th ... : AlIS. aonttMtly u ..... . 
0CI'r T .... fecilitiel for ~. ___ of cl_ 
CMI' 

,-ni.,.., .. _ 
of .. ...-terv • __ Ieh . 

·REX ~.-u.,. for 
~m ..... '-

IIIT'L .. .. 
. SIT-liT 

. SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2110 GerMt.,..... ...... 12'. 
.-. '~rl! 
.' ....... i.....,UI ..... 

.... ..... .,...111 

Moaday, Jaa.ry 11, lJ77 • rtfo ... I .. M'S PageU 

[ T RiYON CLAssifiEds ITT Classifieds 
r-·----··-M-M'·-c Imagjne--Ooly 25C 

fOR SAlE 
, 

For Sale : Pili' 01 IIpMketl In unique ."lique 
cabinets, 12 1nc/1 .,ool .. s , H08N $110. 75> 
8948 Steve 

For Sale : MGB GT 11118 Model Ir, perfec1 
condition. Has NId TlC since pu,che .. . 
Pri vate owner. Besl oller over S800 I ... It. 
Ca ll Sol."a a..ach 75>2416 lor appolnlment 
10 see. 

Roommat • .,.",ed lor spring .... d summer. 
1977 with OPlion 10 renl next veer. 3 bedroom 
condo. Playmor La Jolla lin miles Irom 
school Own room . pool n.rby $115 per 
monlh. Call Jon . 453-&471 . 

flooms for renl·house In La Jolla M or F 27~ 
0500 

Co nsclenttous lemale··share plea.anl 
condo. Genesee Highlands . LOIS of privacy. 
2 Bdrm"n bath. washer /dryer. Your rm frun 
8 Incl Ig desk. $110 & '" uili . Beverly 452· 
0489 (home~ 238-5956 (wor1<~ 

Masler bedroom in leucadia on beach. 
51." • . garden. no pets . SI40/mo. 75~567. 

PERSONAls 
We boy & sell line used books. Ex UbI'ls 
Booksl:>re. 129 N. Hwy '01 Solana Beach, 
755-7323 . 

Marl< I'm glad you Pi. care. 

Russell 01 music 1 A "Planl naught but the 
rose 01 love in the garden 01 they heart " I'm 
jazzed. 

MIDNIGHT MOVIES TONIGHT! A must·see 
benelll for The Screen ing Room film society . 
Broadway Playhouse . 81h & Broadway. 

JUDY; Thanks 10 your cookies, I didn't starve 
during the vacation. They were great! D. V.T . 

lOST ANd fooNd 
LOSI : Gr--. leather purse. Contains a 
passport , proylslonal license. Please lum In 
10 TT office. 

Need a 
Part-time 

Job? 
Drop by the 
Triton Times and 
see what we 
have to offer .. 

-' 

LOal : Fronl quick r ...... wheel I." on Torrey 
Pines A ... aero .. I,om La Jolla Silbl .. on 
Dec. 91976. Call753·9303 reward. !:u= ,---P_e_IS_O_D_al_s_5_0_t _a_Dd_N_o_D _S_tu_d_eD-;-t_A_dS_S_I----l 

, 983lndl. , 

Martl ........... I' •• 
, 327 F Street f 
, PAYSDONORS ( Do YOU Want (1'HOf) to Jeam 

86700 ALGOL? 
• .... ,Pr.·Ute .... 

:, I tor Service ~ 
f Mon. - Fri . I 
I 233-5481 t 
; 234-4601 • 
-.................. " .. ~.~~" ........ ~.I. 

583-lIFE Complete, up-to-date, self-teaching primer just 
printed. Will team you 86700 ALGOL at your 

own pace. Easy-to-read Explanations of Language 
Constructs. Detailed Examples. 

ALGOL on the 86700: 
A Complete Primer 

Examine a copy on reserve at 5 and E library 
COPIP~ avai labl at 

Computer enter 
Univer Ity Bookstor 

o Te hnlcal Book tore 

UC San .Diego Campus Program Board presents 
WINTER EVENTS' 77 

......-,15 ..... ' .•. 

.... ........ ... 

........ $U. . 
GIMnI Uri ...... ss.OO 

Western Opera TheCAter in 
THE mARRIAGE OF FIGARO 

CO 'subSidiQ(Y of SQn F(Qncisco Opera) 

R~ (ooder & mike·Seeger 
-..,16.' ... , .•. 
ues.. ...... c;y .1' •• 
ues.. ...... ~: U .50 
Deer .... GIMnI A4riNJe.1 S4.S0 

Ririe-Woodbur~ Donce COmpCAn~ 

Vincent Bugliosi ' 
\ .. 

-...,,. ..... , ... 
• ' .... 111 ... 
.......:$, ... 
....... " I' •• 1.1 • 

Rudolph Nureyev's film 
DON QUIXOTE. 
" .................................... ... 
........ 1 " ................ " '''b ....... . 
........ ,,.., ............................. ,, .. 
........... ' . _ .... ., ...... 

....., 21, ' :30 ,.IIt. 

..... A~Iri_ 
StwMtm: U .5' 
'"'"" ~itII: $4 .50 

Toad the mime 
......,,. 
7:3.' .. . ..... : .. , •• . 
~CeIIter""'c 
$1 ..... 

,.-.., J ·5 • • : .. , •• • 
,.-..,'.2:." •. 
• '1 ... a..I .... 
~'$I.S' 
...... ....... ,".' . 

...... 
.......: $1 .• 
............ ", .. 

" 

The Son Francisco mime Troupe in 
FALSE PROmiSES I. 
NOW ENGANARON 

M.rcII ••• :" , .• • 
~ .. ..... 
S. .... I$t ." 
'""-' ........ , S3 .JO 



M ... ' • ....,. It, un 
c 

Tritons *11 in Pre-Season 

UCSD Basketball: Something Has To Make A Difference 
BySeGUs.uJ 
.... Ia I!'.dMDr 

UCSI)'s center Mark Runyan, 
only a freshman , Is playing 
another boy-iHle-tuming-out* 

~leasant4tll'Prise basketball 
game. Five shots from the floor 
without a miss. A few glass-
crashing rebounds. Some tight, 
hustling defense. And the Tritons 
look like they might outscore an 
opposing team for the first time 
since holiday halls were decked 
with boughs of holly. 

There's a missed shot coming off 

Mark Runyan 
n photo: Bill Brooks 

the boards, there goes Runyan up 
high after it, grab it Big Red! but 
when he touches down on the court 
big and red change to simple ad-
jectives to describe the stream of 
liquid running from the corner of 
his left eye and down the side of his 

face. No foul, just hann. 
Maybe Angelo Dundee could do a 

quick patch job on the cut, but all 
the cotton and all the b~terfly 
bandages applied can not put 
Runyan together again. Without 
him the Tritons are tied in the final 
seconds 01 their gam«: with Uberty 
Baptist College and beaten in 
overtime by a score 0192-90. 

Maybe Runyan's injury had no 
effect on the eventual outcome 01 
the game. Maybe. But when the 
wins and losses are coming in in 
the same ratio as paychecks to 
junk mail, you begin to focus on 
anything that might have made a 
difference. 

Two aDd Eleven 
UCSD's loss to Liberty Baptist 

took place last Friday afternoon. It 
was the second of three straight 
defeats the Tritons suffered in the 
Point Loma Basketbal1 Classic . 
held over the weekend. The three 
losses dropped UCSO's season 
record to 2-11. 

Two and eleven. Not much of a 
pre-season for UCSD. 

Thursday, in UCSD's opening 
game of the Point Loma tourney, 
the Tritons were routed by Grand 
Canyon College, 78-57. The 
Antelopes eventually advanced 
into the finals of the eight-school 
classic. 

In the battle for last place, the 
Tritons were defeated Saturday, 

81~1 , by Lee College. UCSD was 
even with the Vikings at halftime, 
31-31, but the team from Tennessee 
made close to 70 percent of its 
second half shots to blow the game 
open. 

"We hit rock bottom in this 
game," said UCSD coach Dick 
Satterlee after the loss. " It was our 
poor defense as much as their 
shooting that cost us the game." 

~~5IlhEdS 
A BARGAiN AT ANY PRicE 

EspEciAlly 2~ CENTS 
------------------~ 

NEW COURSE 
Focusing on Policy Issues Arising 
from Recombitant DNA Research. 

Science, Technology & Public Affairs 180 ISenior Seminar 
in Biomedical Science and Public Policy Analysis] 

Tuesday and Thursday 4:00 10 5: 20 p.m. 
Room 111 7 Psychology & Linguistics Building 
Instructor: Professor Clifford Grobstein 
Prerequ is ite : Senior or Graduate standing 

APPLICATIONS FOR FINANCIAL 
AID / SCHOLARSHIPS FOR 1977-78 ARE 
CIJFIRENTLY AVAILABLE IN YOUR COLLEGE 
OFF ICE OF STUDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES . 
THE ~APPLICATION FOR UNDERGRADUATE 
SCH LARSHIPS AND GRADUATE 
FINA CIAL AID" AND THE UCSD UN -
DERGRADUATE SCHOLARSHIP CARD ARE 
BOT H DUE JANUARY 16, 1977. 

HOURS : 9 - 12; 1-4 
Revette Cottege St udent Flnenciet Service" 
Office - 214 M .C . 
Muir College Studant Financial Service. Office 
- 2 13 M .e . 
Th ird College Student Flnllnclal Service. 
On,c e - 210 M .C . 
Fo urth Cott ge Student Financ ial Servic e" 
Office - 213 M .e . 
Graduate Stud nt Flnllnci llt Service .. O f fice 
2 13 M C 

Either one could bave made a 
dlfm-ence. 

The rest Ii the Tritons' holiday 
season was anything but. 

Four 01 the teams UCSD loIt to 
were NCAA Division One teams. 
Those are the ones that get on 
television. 

At the beginning of the quarter 
break, starting guard Ken Melvin 
and Lee Brockett were suspendtd 
for several games ·by Satterlee 
because Ii disciplinary problems. 

Frestunan Jerry Humphrey, 
showing early season promise, one 
time the team's fifth leading 
scorer, a strong rebounder, and an 
occasional starter, was declared 
ineligible for academic reasons. 

Lyle Smith, following his best 
game of the short season in the 
Tritons' victory over Ambassador 
College, came down with a severe 
case of strep throat. 

Peter Volk quit the team. 
UCSD travelled to Colorado and 

Wyoming and ran into three very 
talented teams. None of the games 
were close. Their 101-58 loss to 
Colorado State was the Tritons' 
Rockie Mountain low. 

Wbat's Next? 
The Tritons have one last dif-

ficult pre-season game tomorrow 
at home against Cal Poly San Luis 
Obispo. Conference play begins 
Saturday at Cal Baptist, another 
strong opponent. 

Satterlee plans · on having the 
Tritons work on things that can 
make a difference. 

"We have to improve defen-
sively," says the UCSD coach. "Up 
until the Clairemont loss, our 
defense was keeping us in games. 
Lately, it 's been lacking." 

So far this season the Tritons 
have allowed 83.6 points a game. 

"Offensively," Satterlee says, 

$150/6·Pack? 
(CPS) - Anybody for a six-pack 

of genuine Oregon rain ? 
Well, it should be on the market 

soon if two yOUllg colle~e students 
from Oregon get their way. Part-
ners Jim Maass and Randy 
Hennens have plunked down an 
initial investment of $150 for a 
shipment of ten 'ounce jars and 
labels. They reason that the hustle 
"could net millions." 

" Rain seemed the most likely 
thing to sell. since that's what 
Oregon is famous for," Mass said. 

Hennens added, " If you feel 
happy, good-looltlng and dry, pour 
a bottle of Official Oregon Rain 
over your head, Now you feel as 
many Oregonians feel : Depressed, 
ugly and wet. " 

----6%--.. 
Discount 

on all books 

"we are not reel strong. We wiD averaging around 10 points and 
keep tryIDg to do the thinp we've- seven rebounda a game, are 
worked on.n aeuOIl. We might try strong, steady performers,. 
a more structured offense." Brockett has proven to be an ex-

The Tritons are averaging 61.1 cellent reboUDder and scorer 
points a game. - comin. off the bench. Runyan, 

Triton 's leading scorer, Tom OmaletJ 

UCSD has the individual talent to 
win basketball games. At the 
guards, Tom Omalev, the team's 
leading scorer, and Melvin, 
averaging over six assists a game, 
can generate points in bunches. 
Lee Gardner and Bob Fra:tier, both 

when his eye heals, may be the 
strength the Tritons need in the 
middle. 

But during the pre-season UCSD 
rarely played well enough to win. 
The Tritons are hoping their 
conference will be different. 

JV Basketball Squad Falls 
To UCLA at Pauley Pavilion 

UCSD's junior varsity basketball 
team had the unfortunate fate of 
entering UCLA's Pauley Pavilion 
Friday night, and facing an ex-
perienced and large Bruin team. 

Down 50-26 at halftime, 
the Tritons lost 94-50, and were 
never in the game. -

UCSD, now Hj, were unable to 
contain the two starting Bruin 
forwards, Todd Whitthorne and 
Mitch Jones. Whitthorne scored 16, 
most of those on the first half when 
UCLA broke the game open. Jones 
dominated the game with 19 points 
and six rebounds, then left the 
game and saw his replacement, 
Richard Price-Williams , take 
down ten more rebounds. 

Robert Peterson, a starting 
forward, and Stan Hopper, the 

,. anti ·pro fit - * colleclively run· 

.. study groups .. political music 
.. special programs 

center, led the Triton effort with 
ten points each. Scott Hall and 
reserve Ed Thalheimer had good 
second halves, as UCSD tried to 
stay close to UCLA. 

. Playing before a nearly capacity 
crowd in a preliminary to the 
UCLA varsity game, the Tritons 
watched the Bruins extend a 
winning streak to three games, 

Handball 
Search i ng for 
Wallbangers 

UCSD has a winnin8 handball 
record. 

It bas a handball coach. 
It has handball courts . 
Now all it needs Is a handball 

team. 

Groundwork 
Books & Periodicals 

Last year w. the first .... 
UCSD fielded an IntercolJellafe 
handball team. At the AJl.C.l 
toumame. at Irvine, the TrttoaI 
took IICOnd plMle, beatIDI aut 
IChools lUre UCLA and UC s..u 
Barbara. 

• ECon om iC' 
• NiUlOn a ll \ 1 n ruggtes 
• Coolmu'H ly orqanlllng 

pinS- l>OSteF1- records 
UCSD Student Center 

452-4242 
• Libf"OJ en f~ol 
· 'Md.. . Heilttt 
• Ertut.tton • utx" 
• Alt l!fI''I.''¥I .dfio ,)$ 

TbIa ,... ....... 0 COICIl Jalla 
Cates .. tr7JaIllaia to CI .... tGlether. U be CIa _ 
play .. , he'D bI .. 1 teaL 

StudeIU Intera'" In .,... 
intercoUePate ha ............. C!II 
Cates at Est. _ or eanIad IIIID III 
the PI!: offtce. 

The team, if formed. wiD cam-
pIete apinlt collet- In the SIft 
Dlecoarea. 

triton times Page 13 

The Arts Abound in San Diego Speakers . .. [Continued from I J 
ready to meet college neelh. 
Besides such names as F . Lee 
Bailey, fonner U.S. Senator Sam 
Ervin, Florence Kennedy and 
George Plimpton, the firm handles 
programs like Allen Funt and his 
Candid Camera Show, the Gus 
Giordano Dance Co., and comedian 
Robert Klein. 

While declining to comment 
about prices charged for speaking 
engagements, a Harry Walker 
representative said "we know the 
market value ... being in the 
business for 30 years." Their top 
speakers arl' William Colby. 
former CIA director, Daniel 
Patrick Monyihan, former U.N. 
ambassador ; Eldridge Cleaver 
and Shirely Chisholm. 

The UCSD music department's 
1977 concert scene wiD open 
Sunday night at 8:00 with a tribute 
to Martin Luther King Jr. by the 
UCSD Goapel CIeIr. The choir's 
concert-directed by Cecil Lytle-
will be highlighted by the 
presentation Ii a work by con-
temporary composer Luciano 
Berio. The concert Is free, and in 
the Mandeville AuditorilDll 

The night before, the WMtefD 
Opera Tbeatre will perform 
Mozart's comedy, '''Ibe Marriale 
of Figaro," in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Tickets for the opera-eetfor 8:30 
pm~ost $2.50 for UCSD students 
and $5.00 for the general public. 

Thursday and Friday night, the 
San Diego Symphony will perfonn, 
with Peter Eros conducting and 
Rafael Drulan playing violin. The 
performance will take place in the 
Civic Theatre and tickets will 
range in price from $4.00 to ".50. 

Several art exhibitions are also 
continuing this week. They Include 
a presentation of the offbeat art-
work of Theodore "Dr. Saeu" 
Geisel, at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art, contirwing 
through Jan. 23, and a new exhibit 
of drawings by Manet, Matisse, 
Lautrec, Rodin, Pissaro and 
Boudin, at the FiDe Arts Gallery. 

Also at Balboa Park, in the 
Natural History Museum, a fUm on 
Southern France is set for showing 
this weekend. The film will focus 
on a salty plain in southern France, 
which supports 150 species of birds, 
wild horses and bulls. The film will 
be shown at 1:30 and 3:00pm in the 
muse um Auditorium. Admission is 
included in the $1.00 general fee for 
adults. 

Arms & Man .. . 
[CGntlnued from 8] 

the Swiss realist. As Captain 
Bluntschli, he is effectively low key 
but powerful-bluntly yet cour-
teously spreading his sense and 
practicality around. The con-
trasting servants, Nicola and 
Louka, are nicely played by 
Garreth Broom and Clovis Emblen 
respective IS'. Broom is suave as 
the dignified doonnat who is ac-
cused of having "the spirit of a 
servant" by the scornful and 
rebellious Emblen. As Louka, 
Emblen comes across as saucy and 
proud, successfully dtifylnl her 
betters. Major and Mrs. Petkoff 
are ba ....... ., portrayed", IIeI1a 
MitdIeIad Ga ......... •• 

M~.III ......... 11 ... 
.. lItrWlII ...... • 

=~ ... 

UCSD Gospel Choir 

Everythinl{ 
You always wanted to know about ... 

Chopin L~zt Berliozee. 
But were afraid to ask!!! 

Music of the 19th Century 
Music 119 

Cecil Lytle, Instructor 
A critical study of music written durin. the Romantic Period. 

Stress will be placed on POlitical events, societal influences and 
their effect on the music. TUft/ThUfS . 4-5:30 

"""",111" Non· . ejora: Mullc 11 A, B. C, or consent of l .. truC!or M.,cWtMle Cent., 
• .,ora: 22A, B. C, orcon .. ntoflnstructar B·152 . 

If you 
can drive it,we'll 

insure it 
California law now requires all drivers to be insured. We offer low 
cost <luto insurance to co llege studen ts and all you thful drivers. 
Shop around - then drop by or call for a quotation. 

INaUAANC. ee"VICI! 

Offered exclusively in San Diego 
by Monte R. Kelley Insurance Agency 

51 87 College Ave. 583·9393 

STATE 

BICYCLE LICENSES 
ARE REQUIRED BY LAW. 

If you operate a bicycle in the City of San Diego. However, bicycle licenses are available 

FREE 



..... 1. .......... n.~ 
Free to udents 

Ser inar ,to 'Explore Christianity OCe11n Tood 
'/ 

Thos'e stu ents seeking 
something more than the courses 
found in the college catalogs might 
be interested L, a ten-week series 
of seminars entiUed " Foundations 
for Christian Faith." 

Huber. "Many Christian events 
and occurences will be discussed in 
such a way that it should be in-

teresting to all. " . 
Further details can be had by 

calling 4S34i61 or 459-885s. Hoppinp o.f.f to a 
Sponsored by the University 

Conununity Church, and led by 
Campus Pastor John Huber, the 
seminars are designed to give "an 
overview of the Christian faith ." 

CIA... 
from the ocean. If we know the amount of heat in the ocean, we can then 
predict changes in the weather." 

So far. Barnett said, the researchers have been able to establish 
several relationships between ocean and atmosphere, including th& 
relationship between fall ocean temperatures in one region and winter 
weather conditions in another area. 

new year with the 
whole pond on sale ••• 

The gatherings will be held each 
Tuesday evening at 7:30 in the 
University Community Church on 
959S La Jolla Shores Drive, just 
west of the Urey Hall parking lot. 
Starting J8Iluary 11, and running 
through March 15, all programs 
will be free . 

The research is "very important," and is expected to expand in the 
future, according to Moore. "It's very important with regards to food and 
weather ... Accurate weather forecasts would be pretty grand for 
everybody," he said. 

7503 Girard 

" We welcome skeptics, 
believers, and all those who might 
be interested," said Huber, a 
campus pastor since 1963. 
"Basically what we'll be doing is 
providing people with an in-
troduction to Christianity." 

The first meeting features the 
film " Martin Luther," and will run 
for two hours. All other programs 
will last 90 minutes and deal with 
such "foundations" as the 
Ecumenical, Biblical, and 
Sacramental. 

"We're going to give people an 
idea of the different bases and 
phases of Christian faith," said 

Commerce is IDterested 
Moore added that the US commerce department bas "pressed an 

interest in the research. 
The CIA grant expires in March and, Barnett said, they are considering 

reapplying to the CIA for more funding since they have not finished the 
project. . 

The SIO researchers should hve no problem in getting more funding 
from the CIA, Scripps deputy director Charles Merd~er said. The 
agency has indicated it is pleased with the research thus far, said Mer-
dinger, who was also present at the Friday interview. 

The CIA grant is just a smaIl portion of the federal money Scripps 
receives every year. Merdinger said 90 percent of the institution's fun-
ding comes from federal government organizations. 

Last year SIO received approximately $35 million in federal funding, 
the deputy director said. 

"Threat to Freedom" 
Gardels, a member of the organization OUST -Organization to Uncover 

Spy Ties at the University of California-consldel's CIA ties with UC to be 
"a threat to academic freedom. II 

Last June he filed a Freedom of Information Act with the CIA, asking 
for all information regarding CIAlUC connections. After over two months 
he was informed by the CIA that processing his request would cost $3000. 

Gardels said he carmot afford such a fee. He and a lawyer are 
preparing an appeal for a fee waiver. 

Gardels then filed the CPRA with Saxon. 

Intercollegiate Sports Meetings 

La Jolla 
,459-5893 

MEN'S TENNIS 
TRACK & FIELD 
WOMEN'S TENNIS 
GOLF 

MONDA Y. JAN. 10 
MONDA Y. JAN. 10 
TUESDA Y. JAN. 11 
WEDNESDAY, JAN. 12 
WEDNESDA Y. JAN. 12 

4:00p .m. RECGYMCONF. ROOM 
7:00p.m. STUDENT CENTER. NO. CONF. RM. 
4:00p.m. RECGYMCONF. ROOM 
4:00 p. m. DRIVING RANGE IT'S SALE TIME! 

BASEBALL 7:30 p .m. REC GYM CONF. ROOM 

$ingles $6.001 
Doubles $8.001 
Triples $9.001 
Wedges $10.001 
Huggera $12.001 
T-Shirts $4.951 

1261 Prospect Ave. #2 
AC~ F~ THE OiARlliOUSE RESTAURANT 

reg. $9.95 
reg. $12.95 
reg. $1~.95 
reg. $17.95 
reg. $21.95 
reg. $7.00 

Mo ... y,......., II, UTJ • rI.u ... h ... 'S PagelS 

Dr. Uttleman.. 
m8kIng plant to Implement such a fee. 
Of the 41 million America .. who have 
Muter Charg'e or BankAmericard . 
accounts, 13 million pay their bills on 
time, thus avoiding interest payments. 
The tIlnking community claims that 
these individuals are being lent money 

credit card' from imposing such a fee on 
consumers who pay their entire bill 
upon first notification. We wish him 
luck. 

While we're on the topic, we'd like to 
be the first to say it - there is a 
proposed merger in the works between 
Master Charge and BankAmericard. 
Watch (or it. 

Want a Job? 
The Triton Times needs staff writers 

and ad salespeople. 
Drop by and see what we have to offer. for free. • 

Assemblyman Larry Kapiloft of San ' 
Diego has announced die introduction 
01 leglslAttion to prohibit the isauer of a Welcome Back ... Dr. UtUeman 

Europe 1977 
Charter Flights to : 

Geo'ge Mu,phy 

Tuition_ 
[Continued from II] 
Senator Mathias. "Lower and 
middle income families must rely 
on student financial aid, bank loans 
and work-stury programs." 

"The record demonstrates that 
these are not sufficient to meet the 
costs 01 education" continued 
Mathias ... Ns a result , famllles art 
thrown into debt, or a student 
graduates from college with a 
financial burden that must be 
carried for years." 

FOLKLORE 
AND 

MYTHOLOGY STUDIES 
Is a new student Journal 
seeking article. for 
publication . Deadline for 
subml.slons I. February 1. 
1977. Send contributions 
to: 

The Editor. (E. Meltzer) 
c 10 The Folklore 

and Mythology Center 
U.C.L.A!o 

Lo. Angel ... C.'If. 90024 

PRECISION CUnlNG 
SKINCARE 

JULLIET MANICURING 

A complete Redken Salon 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
RI,ht by La .101 .. VIII ... Inn 

455-0680 
10 '1> OISCPUNT 

(. wUh Siudeni or Faculty 10 , 
.i.... B,lng'hlt :ascoupon .... 1 ~. .~ 

r------~----------~--------, 

IEED_EY? 
IUT I .. Will RUIRE .IIII? 

"BE I BARTEIDER" 
Learn a new, excltlnl career that pays well and can be 

used willie lolal to coUele. Morning, afternoon and 
evening classes IVln.ble to fit your schedule. 

Mike I call to change your life. 
C.U "Steve" or "Dennl." Hours 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. 

2 ... 313 

London 
Paris 
Amsterdam 
Frankfurt 
Lisbon 

from $419-
from 449· 
from 429 
from 449· 
from 379· 

Everyone Eligible 
50 days Advanced Booking Required 

Round Trips 21-330 Days 
Travel .ervlc" lVal'-b .. : • PSA ,e .. rvatlontland ticketing] • Inlematlonal Siuden' IdenlR, 
Card I .. uance • Eurall, Siudeni Rell and B,URali pat .. s • Campi ... IOUf Informallon • 
Travel Insurance· Inlra EUfopeoon flight bookings Ind tick., •• Overse ... USA. Canado 
end M.x lco .,udent ,ravel' Youlh Hostel ClrdS Ind publlcilions • Siudenl.hlps. 'rains. 
bu .... reSOrll end hal ••• S,udlnllravel publica lion. 

I· American Bartenders School 1357 e 7th Ave San Diego CA. 92101 
~-------------------------- ~ CIEE Student Travel Contact: Mark Dana or Ken Labowe UCSD-Internatlonal Center Q· OI8 Open Weekdays 1-5 pm 

. Services 452-0630 

UNIYE~ITY Of CAlifORNIA. S.D. PARKING CITATION NC?191595 
... 

." 
-

rUKING SIRVI«S /-.10-77- 11t.i!1 ' - 5 pM. 
·lll l ... ., ' NC# 

.. ," l MAM.l t"I, "A IJIII 
'ltIHlett 

CA · 
/' 
. ,4(}~~/)B (IlIrtJN "17- t.()()?E 

t 1.1111 ~lt T,el"" ~ &OM(. vlOI Ar lO lilro ~OUPO OIHE.H 21113 A 
.. 

l)I'lA ... TtON P!:~"E) ~'" (). (; '~f!.!.!~H .. ~(!?t/)ur P~I?MI -r 
_ ,11.1 ,,~pa _PltIl.4l,O.l/r .~" lOCAIIO" 

I Itu ... u.(1 "Illn Of PlIUUh ,lUi' 1111 fGa~ .\ 11\1. (O lIf Cl .. «I IM1 , ,ItT Of r.~ mUIOI! . u mm(l 10 fltI .. Oft IU(l1tl1 nNW III 
1((0ID.1I(1 . IIt \1( 41111 GIl. 'ffIlHl COM Of ,. \1U1 Of UWOItiIi 

I 

'''b;~/t,AIr ?A'TU£ Pu~~u", ';I 0" 
rOIt tft IlUlU !tOIlfUl TO Amu Hf tl t l TlK I UIltU 'Al COUll n Ul,l l ml (u lllfIOtl l1(U Inl \ 0 lNl~ (a nl1J 
WII .. IIIU, "Oll~' All' 10 ~ 'M Hit'f~ Ulllnm \ultOm" MOUO"" 

YOU MAY ~OST IAlllITHIR ~1~OHAllY OR IT lUll I" lIlU Of "'URAH(I 
un I It(.h~H If , '0\1,1 _,II", 111" \ 

'01 Ull '''O •• U ION SU "VI,"' Slot U tltl tl 10. ''''1'.1 011'0\1 ."1 ,," \I lUll I 1111 UG' ( HOW.' ~ ,,, .,,' 
IN( " ,"UII. 0."" 'at Vlot,lllOl Of IN( " Ort IUlit \t(1l011 II u(on, 1.'1. 'If!. '10.,\1011' Of \fWO. t Il" Of 
Till' IifIl{U (00( GJ ')If ,UIl Of (lUlU.' 

PARKING INFORMATION 
CITATIONS ARE ISSUED TO ILLEGALLY PARKED VEHICLES. 

Parking permits are required on campus 7:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday. 
Parking met .. fees are also required during these hours. 

Student [''S" permit] parking II restricted to YELLOW STRIPED SPACES in campus 
parking lotI. 

Parking permltl are sold . a~ the central calhler's office, Building 401 , Matthews 
CampuI8:00 AM through 3:00 PM Monday through Friday. 

You must furnish proof of vehicle ownership [vehicle registration document] at the 
time of permit purchase. 

If you have any questions or need assistance please call parking services; on Extension 
4223 or Itop by Building 400, Matthews Campus. 

UCSD Parking Services 



Coffee prices are high seas robbery . 

Coffee Dumped in 'Bay 
To Protest High Price 

by MCBrien 
StaHWriter 

In an attempt to call attention to 
rising coffee prices, a group of San 
Diegans disguised themselves as 
Indians and recreated the Boston 
Tea Party by dwnping empty cans 
and boxes of coffee into San Diego 
Bay last Friday. 

The angry consumers, made up 
mostly of homemakers and KCBQ 
radio staff, climbed aboard the 64 
ft. Son Sai and threw the coffee 
containers into the water at Jack 
Dorsee Sailboats while chanting 
"down with coffee prices." After 
the KCBQ sponsored rebellion 
ground itself out, the staff at Jack 
Dorsee's fished all of the boxes out 
of the bay so that the waters would 
not be further polluted. 

Despite the heavy rains that San 
Diego received earlier in the 
morning, a good sized crowd, in-
cluding reporters from all major 
TV stations and newspapers, 
showed up to voice their approval. 

The protest is largely due to the 
. escalating price of coffee and the 
prospects of future increases by as 
much as $2.00 a pound. According 
to UPI, the President of the 
Brazilian Coffee Institute (BCI), 
said that coffee will continue to be 
expensive throughout 1977 because 
"Brazil's harvest will be small and 
coffee stocks are rapidly dwin-
dling." In 1975, 22 million sacks of 
coffee were harvested as opposed 
to 6.4 million last year. The BCI is 
surprisingly not opposed to a coffee 
boycott. A spokesman spoke lightly 
of the movement saying, "A 
boycott might be good for Brazil 
because we caMot continue ex-
porting or we will exhaust our I 
stocks within a few months." 

Despite claims that prices are 
rising because of a coffee shortage, 
some question the ethics of the 
coffee irdllstry. AP reports that 
Brazil's ... <ifee profits more than 
doubled i 1976 although exports 
increase t by only 7 percent. The 
Folger G<ifee Co. says that no 
worldwilie shortage exists, and 
claims t'lat coffee prices are high 
solely beoall:le t1 price !If the 
green c,.ff~ bean is going up. On 
January If, Ule San Diego Union 
reportee that US Congressman 
Fred Fichmond (D-New York) 
said that he State Department is 
encouraging coffee producing 
nations to maintain unreasonably 
high export taxes on coffee as ,a 
substitute for US foreign aid. 

Regardless of the reasons for the 
price hike, many consumers are 
determined to force the coffee 
companies to lower the prices once 
again. Coffee boycotts are now 
being organized aU over Ule 

country , with reported reductions 
in the amounts of coffee being 
purchased. Many people have 
declared they will not buy any 
more coffee until the prices are 
returned to their original levels, 
and are currently rationing the 

. coffee they now have in stock. 

The Career Planning & Placement Service 
Prese'nts Activities for Winter Quarter - 1977 
----------------~------------_r-----------------------------

. I 
Exploring Careers In the Health Field I Field Trips In Health Science 

12 noon - 1:00 p.m. - Multl-PurpoH Rm. 
Bring your lunch &: learn about: 

Medical Technology 
Nursing 

Feb. 1 
Feb. 8 
Feb. 15 
Feb. 22 
Mar. 1 

What can you do with a B.A. In Biology? 
Physical Therapy 
Pharmacy 

Pre-Medical / Dental Information Se. 10 ... 

Thur ., Jan 27, 7:00- 9:00 p.m. 
Thurs ., Feb. 17, - 7:00-9:00 p.m. 
Thurs., Mar. 17, - 7:00-9:00 p.m. 

[Note- See Calendar of Events In Career 

MCATCla .. es 

[apace lallmlted-slgn-ups are required) 
transportation prOf1.ded 

Feb. 2 
Feb. 9 
Feb. 17 
Feb. 23 
Mar. 2 

Toxicology Lab &: Coron ..... OffIce 
Naval Dental Clinic 
Para-Medic Semc:a /Scrlpp. Hospital 
New Scanner Equipment/Sharp Hoepltal 
Children'. Ho.pltal 

Health Experience Learning Program (HElP) enrollment. are 
filled. You are Invited to attend the weekly Information ... slons 

~ven If you are not emollecl. 

Recommended for student .. who will be taking the new MCAT 
during 1917. Ten .... Ion Program beg .... 
Wednesday, February 2. 

Sessions begin In Room 2100 of the Basic Science Building, 
UCSD Medical School. CourH will be followed by three 
Saturday se.slons of practice MCAT tests. 

Se .. lons continue on Wednesdays hom 4:00-6:00 p.m. through 
April 6. 

------------------------------------------------------------

WORKSHOP SCHEDULE 
For students who want to Investigate the out what career opportun"'ea will meet ,our 
choices available to them upon grodoatlng find skill_ and Interests. 

Title of Workshop , 

Developing Career 
Choices 

Foc"""9 on Specific 
Careers 

Interviewing Techlnques 
and practice 

Reaume Writing 

Description 

Relate your skills and Interest. to occupational area •. 

Investigate career option. you are considering. 

Learn effective job-Interviewing techniques. 

Bring your resume (or a draft) and have It critiqued. 

Sign ups are requ.red-.apace I. limited 

Dates&: Times 

(tentattvely:Jan. 24, 27,tlme to be announlcecl~ 
Feb. 1,8, 4-6p.m. Feb. 23, March 2. 4-6p.m. 

Feb. 2, 16,1-3 p.m. Feb. 10,24,4-6 p.m. 
Feb. 23, March 9, 10-12 noon. 

Feb. 2, 3.4p.m. Feb. 15, 4-6p.m. 
March 3, 3-4 p.m. 

Jan. 28, 3-4 p.m. Feb. 11. 11-12 noon. 
Feb. 24, 11-12 noon. 

---Clip Be Save ------------------------------------------Cllp a Save---
Career Planning" Placement Center 

STUDENT CENTER COMPLEX - BLDG. B. 

We're here to Help' 


