
. UCSD' Staff ' Members 
Receive Job Threats 
5 Blacks Told to 'Quit or Else': 
campus Police Call FBI on Case 

by Mark Stadler 
aDd David Elsen 

Five black UCSD staff employees have received notes through the 
campus mail telling them, in effect, to "quit your job or else." 

The notes, which have been examined by the Triton Times, were signed 
"K.K.K." One note arrived last Friday, three Monday and one Tuesday. City DNA Report Released In addition, a sixth staff employee received a similar threat over the 
phone yesterday, sources indicate. However, campus police represen-
tatives have refused to comment on this development. 

FBllnvesUgaUon 
UCSD police chief Hugh French said he first learned of the notes 

Monday afternoon, and contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Tuesday. San Diego FBI spokesman, Jordan Naylor said that his 
department "is investigating the case and considering prosecution under 
the civil rights act." 

Continue Research, Board Says 
Chancellor McElroy has called for a "full-scale investigation" and has 

vested full authority in F:rench. The police chief indicated Wednesday 
that his office is "~ttempting to ascertain the origin of the notes." 

"None of the people who have received letters have asked for police 
protection," and none have said they will quit, according to French. 

One of the persons threatened told the Triton Times Wednesday that , 
while the matter is a serious one, the police are doing a good job. 

At least one of the threatened staff members did not come to work 

• 

- by Joel C. Don 
Associate News Editor 

A recommendation from a 
special committee for the con-
tinuation of the controversial 
recombinant DNA research was 
approved Wednesday by the San 
Diego Quality of Life Board. 

The board approved the IS-page 
report of the DNA Study Com-
mittee, a group formed at the 
request of Mayor Wilson when it 
was disclosed that UCSD had 
applied for a $300,000 grant from 
the National Institutes of Health 
(NIH) in order to construct special 
facilities to conduct genetic 
engineering experiments. 

The conunittee, which has met 
regularly since August 1976, 
reviewed the multitude of 
literature and information on 
recombinant DNA research and 
investigated the nature of UCSD's 
research plans. In addition, the 
committee heard the testimony 

from prominent advocates and 
opponents of the research over the 
six-month period. 

The eight-member committee, 
composed of scientists, physicians 
and a lay citizen, set out to 
detennine the potential hazards 
the research may pose to the San 
Diego community as well as the 
potential benefits to be gained. 

University'S Hole 
The report recommends that the 

San Diego City Council 
"acknowledge the fact that the 
University is now and will be 
conducting research as a part of 
the University's role in engaging in 
free inquiry. " 

Although the committee found 
that an assessment of the potential 
hazards and benefits of recom-
binant DNA research is "difficult 
to ' make at this time," they 
recommended that the City 
Council enact an ordinance 
requiring all institutions planning 
to conduct recombinant DNA 

Student Center Fee May be 
campuSPoLiceChiefHugh;r~nch EOPHeadWilliamByrd I ncreased to $1 a.-Quarterly 
yesterday, and, two refused comment when contacted by the Triton by David FrIedman 
Times. 

The notes, all typewritten on official stationary, varied in lenef,h from 3 _ Staff Writer . . 
lines to several paragraphs French said all the notes appeared to be Proposms for the first Student Center f~ l~crea.se since the establIsh-
written in IBM typewriters. . ment of the payment have reached adrmmstration consideratIOn, ac-

. Penonal References cQrding t2 Dan Almour, S~udent Center Board repr~sentative . 
Four of the notes contained personal references which, according to The target date for the implementation of the increase is fall, 1977, and 

one source, could give the impression the writer knew the staff member. would involve raising the Center fee from its present six dollar level to 10 
In one case the writer referred to the fact the staff member had recently dollars per quarter. 
received a promotion, while another threat was directed toward a staff According to Almour, the extra revenue generated by this proposed 
member's wife. Another said, "We only give one warning." action would be used primarily to protect Student Center reserves, which 

have become depleted in the face of increased debt service due to the new 
Contrlbutlag information for this article were Triton .Tlmes staff Center construction. . 

members Alee Nedelman aDd M-C Briea. Moreover, the Student Center Board must assume utility payment of its 

The notes were sprinkled with racist terms and, according to one 
source who has read the notes, allusions to the re<:ently televised adap-
tation ofRootl. 

The five employees receiving the notes were "at least acquaintances," 
according to William Byrd, director of the campus Equal Opportunity 
Program office. Byrd said Weenesday that he heard about the nQtes 
Tue~y, "through the black grapevine," and initiated a Wednesday 
morning meeting with the recipients "to sit down and talk about it." . 

The meeting "went fairly well," according to the EOP director. He 
added the developments have "created an increase in anxiety among the 
black staff at UCSD." 

AgeRaage 
French said the five employees have been at U~D for between three 

and seven years, and 'range in age from 23 to 35. He added the five are all 
"middle-level" staff members. 

The FBI called the US Attorney's Office in Washington DC and the 
bureau's Washington office in an attempt to establish whether it has 
jurisdiction in the case. A source indicated that, although the incident is a 
fringe area violation for the FBI it now feels it is on firm ground in taking 
the case. 

San Diego FBI supervisor Bob Ivey said yesterday several of the 
original notes have been submitted to the bureau's Washington DC 
laboratory for analysis. 

Council Delays . DeCision On 
Bike Shop Recommendation 

The question of whether the San 
Diego City Council will recom-
mend closure of the UCSD Bike 
Shop h8s been continued IDlW 
Wednesday moming at nine. 

The council was originally let to 
act. on the iasue last Wednesday, 
but' post-poned consideration, 
according to Qty Clerk Edward 
Neiben, because two CCKmCil 
memben - Floyd Morrow and Lee 
Hubbard - who t.d taken an ~ 
tereat in the BiJle Shop were a~ 
sent. 

the City Council is that the Bicycle 
Business Activities being con-
ducted by UCSD should be ter-
minated; directing the (council's) 
ugis1ative RepreaentaUve (in 
Sacramento) to work with the state 
Legislature to secure the deletion 
from the lItate budget of funds for 
such purpoee. " 

The resol"ion was paaed to the 
fuD council by ita rules committee 
00 a ~2 vote, with GU Jomson, who 
....-.nta UCSD, cutin8 the 
cIeddinc vote. 

facilities and also seeks to develop the large BuUding "C" into a 
restaurant. Funds froll) the fee increase would serve to underwrite these 
expenditures in the future. 

Almour expressed confidence that the fee action would be approved by 
Vice-chancellor and Dean of Student Affairs George Murphy, and 
ultimately would be sent to the Regents for the required implementation 
procedure. 

Murph)' Expresses Caution 
Murphy, when reached for comment, affirmed the Student Center 

request had reached his desk but cautioned against predictions about its 
ultimate resolution. Murphy's Student Affairs office has requested a 
comprehensive three-year budget prediction from the Student Center 
Board to serve as the basic criteria for evaluating the fee increase 
request. . 

Expressing confidence that the Student Center had adequately 
researched the necessity for the action, Murphy indicated support for the 
increase. The current Student Center fee is among the lowest in the UC 
system, he said, and even with the advancement to 10 dollars, would still 
rank in the bottom half campus wide. 

research , whether public or 
private, including industry, notify 
the City of their actions and adhere 
to the NIH Guidelines while con-
ducting this research. 

The committee expressed the 
need to continue the interaction 
between the University and the 
city on recombinant DNA 
research-related activities at 
UCSD, through a similar sub-
committee of the Quality of Life 
Board. 

The committee report also in-
cluded the following recom-
mendations : 

--The Chancellor's Special 
Biohazard Conunittee at UCSD 
should also include lab workers 
involved in recombinant DNA 
research. 

-Allow "unannounced visits" to 
inspect the biohazard facilities. 

-Keep accurate health records 
on all individuals involved in 
recombinant DNA research. 

-Have the Department of 'public 
Health "monitor the public health 
aspects ofthis research." 

MiDority Report 
In a minority statement, com-

mittee member Shirley Wood, the 
only lay citizen on the conunittee, 
recommended that all recom-
binant DNA research be suspended 
in the San Diego area, asserting 
that California is not an ap-
propriate sight for this research 
because of the earthquake 
potential. 

Wood asked that public forums 
be held to "acquaint the public 
with the issue and let the public 
determine whether it wants to fund 
the research or seek research 
developing alternative 
technologies which pose little or no 
risks." 

She also asked that the 
University " bear costs and 
damages in the event of an escape 
to the environment of any disease-
producing recombinant organisms 
originating from the University 
laboratories. " 

With the approval of the Quality 
of Life Board, the coriunittee 
report will now go before the full 
City Council and Mayor Wilson for 
consideration. Although the City 
Council has no jurisdiction over the 
University, its final decision on the 

Continued on back page . 

The question the council will 
eventually act on IUds : . . 

"Declarinc that the poIiUon 01 
'!be cotmd1 meeu on the twelfth 

floor 01 the aty AdminlstraUon 
BuiIdinI, at m "e" St. downtown. 

Spontaneous failure of a pipe fitting near Revelle Cafeteria ye terday caused thi bubbling ca ad . Water ervic to 
the cafeteria was Inle"upled for a short time and part of th Urey Hall parking lot was flooded befor r parrmen were 
able to cap the pipe 



letters the Editor 
Op n. Letter to: UCSD Community 

_...I. OPENLEilERTO 
THIS snJDENT COMMUNn'Y 

SENT TO: The New Indicator, the Triton Times, VOl 
Fronteriza, a,ld radio KSDT 

The Student Cooperative Union (SCU) was created 
so that students could have real and immediate ac-
cess to their own central student organization. A3 
with any structure, bureaucratic policies are 
necessary. 

But the seu is structured so that this bureaucracy 
will never prevent people from doing good and honest 
work. 

In general assemblies, when bureaucratic process 
is clearly inhibiting the interests of the students, a 
motion may be made to temporarily suspend the 
rules. Historically, this motion has been made rarely, 
and, when it has been made, the members have 
discussed the motion as a serious issue. 

"Suspension of the rules," and the conviction it is 
based on, were wholly perverted at last Monday's 
meeting of the SCU. 

Fred Speck (the originator and co-coordinator of 
the Chancellor's summer Task Force on Student 
Governance,) Peter Stone (4th College represen-
tative to the Election Board,~ Mark Sindler (Chair 
Muir College Council,) Sedonia Charlot (3rd College 

. representative to the Board, ) and Andy Schneider 
(Muir representative to the Election Board) abused 
suspension of the rules. They misled sincere students 
to attempt a railroad of the Cooperative. They failed . 

These "student leaders" wished to change the 
recent vote of the Election 'Board in which the 
Comprehensive Referendum Petition was accepted 
onto the ballot, in a 4-3 decision. 

Six hundred students demanded, " We, the un-
dersigned members of ~he Student Cooperative 
Union, hereby petition the Elections Board to enter 
the following questions onto ·the Comprehensive 
referendum ballot WITHOUT ANY CHANGES IN 
THEIR WORDING!" This was unlike the petition 
outlined in the Board's guidelines. It was a real 
petition. 

Why did Andy, Peter, and Sedonia vote on the 
Board to reject the petition? Ostensibly, it was 
because the petition had not complied with the new 

II "I I 

Election Board's guidelines. Their action was an 
attempted suppression of a popular petition. 

During their 2 112 hour suppressio!} attempt at the 
Coop, they led a bloc which: 

a) suspended the SCU's rules for the purpose of 
allowing a person to be nominated, interviewed and 
appointed to the Election Board within one SCU 
meeting and withoot prior publicity. 

b) suspended the rules, intending to recall a SCU 
representative from the Election Board without 
written charges, without a publicized hearing, 
without careful substantiation of the "complaint" to 
the representative being recalled so that a defense to 
the charges could be prepared. (The complaint: 
"Acting without general consensus of the student 
body, which is essentially the Coop.") 

Ray Bergevin was faced with recall without any 
form of due process. This occurred because the 
"student leaders" had only partially informed the 
students they brought to the SCU meeting. More than 
once, they managed to silence opposing ideas by 
ca lling the question before debate had begun. 

The perversity of this action is that suspension of 
the rules was created to stop bureaucracy from 
inhibiting the interests of the students. Suspension of 
the rules was designed to open a blocked process; in 
this case suspension of the rules was used to block an 
opened process . 

The rules of the SCU took over 21/2 years and more 
than a hundred active, involved persons to develop 
and amend. These rules were repeatedly suspended 
in order to try to reverse the vote of the Election 
Board, thus defending its guidelines. 

Andy Schneider wrote these guidelines in one week. 
Which rules were in the interests of the students? 

How could the Election Board members who re.fused 
to change their own untested guidelines justify 
suspending the carefully considered SCU rules? 

Do Andy, Peter and Sedonia really hold high 
respect for rules. or are they trying to suppress the 
Comprehensive Referendum Petiton? Why would 
anyone want to suppress these 29 issures of vital 
concern to UCSD students? 

We submit: They recognize the importance of the 
questions, and don't want the Coop to be associated 
with that importance! 

Some students that Andy, Peter, 
Sedonia, Mark, and Fred Speck 
brought to the meeting, thinking 
they were defending democracy, 
eventually broke ranks. Perhaps 
they begin to suspect the hypocrisy 
of these '''student leaders ." 
Perhaps they will return to the 
assembly next week with new 
opinions. 

Wedon't need " leaders ." 
We need access to information. 

Then we can make our own 
decisions. Decisions will be made 
at the next general assembly of the 
Student Cooperative Union, 
Monday nights, 6:30, at the Student 
Center North Conference Room. 

Sincerely, 
Pat Davis-Revelle representative 

, to the Election Board, 
Gary Welmberg--KSDT News 
Director, 

Treat Dogs With Kindness 
Vic Bloomberg--KSDT Public 
Affairs Director. 

Monty Reed-SCU Student/Staff 
Relations Support Group 'Coor-
dinator, It is my opinion that UCSD has been more than fair to students that do 

not have the capability of keeping their dog under control. Some dogs 
handle the school environment quite alright, but the dogs that are usually 
noticed are those totally out of control (barking, digging in trash, walking 
around during a lecture, etc.) 

There are many breeds of dogs, that by making them sit in a classroom 
when theS' \fould love being out chasing birds, is down right cruel. It 's not 
easy to tr:lin a dog to stay where you tell him to stay, or just be quiet and 
lay down n classroom for an hour, but itcan be done. 

I used tJ bring my dog to school, but because of the trouble I have seen 
inside and qutside the class caused by dogs, I do not feel good about doing 
it. Man's best friend can only be his friend when they begin-to com-
municate. ot just orders from human to dog - this is the lowest form of 
communic tion poss·b!,. - it must be a more mutual understanding of 
personal 1 ires. 

TC 

Mark Fingennan-SCU Appoint.. 
ments and Evaluations 'Support 
Group Coordinator, 
Ron Bee-member of·SCU External 
Affairs Support Groop, 
Ray Bergevin-one of ' the SCU 
representatives to the Election 
Board, 
Susan Stanfield-Co-Chairperson -
seu, 
Ralph Hawklns--Coordlnator, 
Communications Board 

triton times Th. Triton Times Is published by UCSD stud.nts as an ofliclal .'uden, newspaper. 
David Else~ - Execult .. Idlter 
Mark Stadler - Mlnlglnv odtlor 
Gary Gh".rdl- Ad .. nlslnv Min ..... 
Alan Russell- N .... Idnor 
Alec Nedelman - AI.«III. News edllor 
SI1auna Stokes - Productton M,nager 
Su. Nealon - Copy .cInor 
Ran Anb;lr . Opinion edllor 
Scoll Sadll- Sporll ed4tor 

_ Tim MacKenzl. - Artl edllor 
Bill Brooks - Pholoedltor 
Joel C. Oon - A.IOCI,t. N .... .cillOI' 
Vera TOOOro. - Communlly .cIllor 

Publication IS on Monday •• Wednt»days and FrJday. during th. regular khool year 
(.Keepl on ollicial holidays) . Edilorlal and bu.lness 011100. ar. loeal.d In the Student 
Cent.r al Ihe Universlly of California. San Olego. For edlloriat . call 452·3466; for buslne81 
and display adv ... tlslng. ceft ~52-3~ 

Lell." to the edllor and opinion columna are w.lcomed. Allaubmlsslons mUll b<lIYpe<l 
and dOUbl&-splCed on a 74-space line. They .hould note.coed t- I 12 peg •• In length. 

Submilled material must bear Ihe nama and .hKlanl ldanllf lcation number of the au lhor. 
Nam.s can be wllhheld from publication on requesl . how ..... the names will be Mid on file 
lor publ IC Inspecllon. 

Th. Triton Times r ... ", .. lhe right 10 edit submissions \leC8use 01 apace IIml18t1ont or 
$Iyl. requlrom.nls 

Enllre conte",. copy"ght 1977 Ih. Tnton Time • . 

Friday, Fellrury ll,1IT7 

~entral StudentOrganitation; 
It's a Questi'on of Wording · 

The controversy of the 
placement of the Comprehensive 
Referendum Petition has been 
resolved. The Student 
Cooperative Union and Revelle 
Council on College Affairs vo(cd 
to represent the many students, 
including the 600 who signed the 
petition, that want a com-
prehensive opinion poll. These 
'Votes will not change, and con-
stitute a four to three majority on 
the Elections Board. It is now 
essential that the Elections 
Board supervises the referendum 
with as little internal dissension 
as possible. 

The current problem for the 
Elcctions Board is the wording'of 
the question on central student 
organization. The conflict seems 
to be an accurate representation 
of thc issue and an unbiased 

wordin~ on the ballot. This is an 
imag ined conflict, only. Consider 
the following: 

II . Central Student 
Organizations, Structure, 
Autonomy, 

Regental Authority 
1. The central student 

organization on a UC campus has 
the authority to represent the 

. undCrgraduates in UC affairs. 
(a) Shall the Student 

Cooperative Union be reaffirmed 
as the central student 
organization? 

(b) Shall the Cabine\-Assembly 
model be institute<! as the central 
student organization? 

(c)) Shall the AS-UCSD be 
reinstituted as the central 
student organization? 

We sincerely. hope the Elec-
tions Board can ,get on with the 
bus iness of supervising the 
refercndum. All students on the 
campus, and elsewhere, will be 
affe ·trd by the public debate and 
the referendum results. ' 

VIC BLOOMBERG 
MONTY REED 

. ._. -

1 naccurate Statements Abound 
1[1 Dartmouth College Article 

Your recent article (Jan. 31 ) on Dartmouth College exceeds, alas, even 
the maximum allowable standard of inaccuracy tolerated by devoted 
readers of the 'CT. Let us deal seriatum with the more grievous lapses : 

The article opens with Daniel Webster's famous statement, " It is a 
small school, but there are those who 10Ye it. " He did not, as you contend, 
set forth this much-honored pronouncement in 1823. Rather it was in his 
argument. in 1819 on behalf of the college in the Supreme Court,in the 

landmark case of Dartmoutb College v. Woodward, a fact readily 
cO.nfirmed by consultation with any of scores of UCSD History 158A-158B 

refu~ees and alumni. 
Then your readers are told that Dartmouth is located in "the small 

and isolated town of Hanover, Massachusetts." One of the college's 
proudest claims being to a Department of Geography (an alien concept 
locally, to be sure), it is fitting to note that Hanover is a town located in 
New Hampshire, not Massachusetts. (The latter state is said to have once 
claimed Hanover, but dissociated itself immediately after experiencing a 
winter there.) 

That "social life at Darmouth is centered around the 22 college 
fraternities" is an interpretive, rather than factual, statement. This view 
hardly does justice, however, to the variety of watering spots and trysting 
places within a UO-mile radius of Hanover, the standard wander-zone of a 
student body you depict, unaccountably, as sedentary. 

Perhaps the cruelest cut of all is the casual reference to school pride 
"developed in the over 150 years it has been established." For in those 
parts (nay, even in Massachusetts) 150-year-old institutions are mere 
upstarts. In fact, Dartmouth celebrated its 200th anniversary in 1969. And 
unlike the United States, it managed to do so without leQding its official 
seal to Sarah Lee cakes or any Official Bicentenslial Plumbing Sets. 

As to winter temperatures, 40 degrees F . (whicl;l you indicate is an 
octasional low) is more like the April highs that evoke visions of 
sweltering days of summer. In fact, a blizzard on Memorial Day weekend 
is not an unlikely event. Temperatures well below minus 25 F. for days on 
end in mid-winter go far toward explaining the sudden mushrooming of 
Dartmouth exchanges here at UCSD, with its beckoning surf, each winter 
term. _ 

I must even take issue with the sophomore exchange studenl quoted as 
saying that "at Dartmouth there is no nearby town, such as Del Mar," 
implying a dreadful Isolation. In fact, the glittering lights of downtown 
White RIver Junction illuminate the night sky across the Connecticut 
River in Vermont, a scant seven miles to the south. This is to say nothing 
of West Lebanon, with its own peculiar charm, also to the south; or of 
Lebanon itself, an urban oasis'of no mean importance. 

In sum, if there is anything autlJentically parochial about Dartmouth it 
can only be its quaint habit of awarding the ludicrous degree of Master of 
Arts, Honoris Causa, to scholars of lblcertain standing. 

HARRY N. SCHEIBER [M.A., HOD., 
Dartmouth] Professor of HII'...,. [UCSD) 

Friday, February 11, 1m 

because 
sit1i"g on a Ilm~-post, 
waiting for tht IIC)ht 

triton times 

SAleH: Modern Day Samaritans 
Students Active TowardS 

Community Health, better known 
as SATCH, is an organization for 
students interested in medial 
fields. Their interest lies par-
ticularly in medical areas that 
affect the community level. 

The Triton Times welcomes 
commentaries from an y recognized 
campus organization regarding 
everything /rom their Immediate 
concerns /0 long range goals . 

Submissions should by typed and 
double .spoced on a 74 -space line . 
They should not exceed 2 ·112 
pages in length. 

Many of the students in SATCH 

volunteer or work for the Chicano 
Free ClInic and other clinics in the 
San Diego area. This is fantastic as 
the student benefits from the ex-
periences in the clinic, and the 
clinic benefits from the students' 
partieipatio_n. 

Other students are involved in 
hospital wo.rk. One student works 
in the pediatric ward at University 
Hospital as a part of the medical 
team that cares for patients. This 
volunteer work is not of the usual 
"pink lady" stereetype as the 
student is active in aiding the 
nursing staff in patient care. 

Students in SATCH have par-
ticipated in the Flying Samaritan 
program through which students 

~o to clinics and hospitals in Baja 
California once a month and offer 
medical aid. They are composed of 
do'ctors, nurses, other medical 
personnel and students interested 
in helping. In the next two quarters 
more SATCH students plan to 
particlpate in the Flying 
Samaritan excursions. Tutorial 
services, available to members 
and other interested students, are 
offered by SATCH members. 

At the weekly meetings news of 
lectures and other health related 
events are discussed. This is also a 
time of meeting new friends and 
sharing interests and concerns. 

SATCH has a lot to offer. 
LYNNMIKELY 

Society's Rationality Notions Questioned 
I must admit to being favorable killing another person deserve not 

influenced by the content of Linsay to be a part of .it, and should 
Patton's opinion piece appearing in themselves be eliminated." 
the Feb. 4 issue. Using what al>' . Unfortunately, however ap-
pear as rational arguments and pealing this argument may first 
drawin-g from philosopher Mill's appear, note that Patton's 
book On Liberty, Patton's central ' assumption is that all members of 
assertion is "those who behave society are necessarUy " rational," 
irrationally in a civilized society by .and somehow enter Into an 

Civil Leadership 
San Diego Retrospect 

by Bill MacKenzie 

San Diego I\etrospect is a 
column dealing with San Diego's 
government officials. In writing it, 
I will attempt to bring the reader to 
a more intimate knowledge of this 
city's civil institution by in-
terviewing the people who run it. 
Each interview will make as its 
objective the discovery · of a 
relationship between our civil 
leader' s background and his 
philosophy. 

In the course of this column's 
existence I will interview all of San 
Diego's eight Councilmen and the 
Mayor, Pete Wilson. Next time 
that San Diego Retrospect al>' 
pears, third district Councilman, 
Lee Hubbard will be the subject of 
my discussion. 

Councilman Lee Hubbard 

agreement with society at large to 
be that way. Is it really this way , or 
are those people who murder 
others a random product of society 
where competition, isolation, and 
the resulting lack of general 
human compassion play minor, if 
not significant roles? Should 
society put to death certain un-
desirables that it conceivably 
fosters, on grounds they don't 
conform to rules previously agreed 
to by all? If such behavior could be 
justified (as Patton tries to do), it 
would prove an excellent way to 
ease our social responsibilities. 

I did not mean to turn this into a 
liberal composition on the moral 
horrors of capital punishment, to 
be turned in at the beginning of 
next class period. Instead, I just 
wisli to call attention to the fact 
that there is a difference between 
the "rational" university folk who 
frequent our campuses, and those 
who have been denied the 
childhood 'privilege of being 
" rational ," due to their 
sociaVeconomic environment. 

PAUL LeVAN 

Wllite WQales 
~d 
Ot~er 

Mell10rabilia 
/ will return next week. It is my wish that you feel free to 

senu In any questions or comments 
you might have for any of the of-
fici als. I have direct com-
munication with them and hope 
you'll take advantage of the 01>' 
pOl·tunity. Please send your 
comments and/or questions to the 
Triton Times office in care of San 
Diego RetrOllpect. 

(n;~;t·F~;g·~t·Y~;;;·v~~~ti;;~i) 
• • 

o.e. 777ecl_"",,'i82 SlnOoovo's 
moot ._od CharIor Co. 
EUROPE from '321 

........ ·71 
2.3.4.5.1 10 24 _. durlllOn 10 e .n .... 
No clubs 10 jOIII. no ,... ..., ~1It 10 tIO'II. 

"AWAII from '111 
AIoo Now ''''''. CIIlcopo Orin 
--- ....... .-,._ .. 

: 9fOWE-U !By - ClI'zL-~ : 
• • • Bus. 488-5370 • 
\ 4676 Ca.s 51. . Pacil ic BeaCh . CA 92109 J 

~ ......................................... ~ 

Page 3 

,,--Consumer Report--
Record and Tape Prices 

LPs tapes 
Arcade Music Co. . .. ... ......... ............ ..... .. $1.98 $1.98 
650 "F ", San Diego 
(new and used in ~ood condition) 
Discount Record Center . . . . .. ... .. ........................ $3.88 $4.88 
243-Fashion Valley 
(going out of business) 
La Jolla Music .................................. : ........ $5 .58 $6.98 
Ueoriee Pizza ... .. . ................................ .. ... $4.98 $5.99 
5667 Balboa, Claire mont 

1~21 Garnet, Pacific Beach 
Records ETC . ............ . ................................ $5.66 $6.88 
918 Silverado, La Jolla 
Tower Records ............................................ $4.99 $5.99 
3601 Sports A rena 
The Turntable ............................................. $5.98 $7.18 
1147 Prospect, La Jolla 
The Wberehouse . ............................ .. ....... .. $4.96 $5.97 
1414 Garnet, Pacific Beach 
1640 Camino Del Rio North. Mission Valley 

Prices Going Up 
The prices above are for individual LP's listed at $6.98 and tapes at 

$7 .98. Just a month ago, several of the major record companies an-
nounced boosts in the prices of their new albums, with some of the in-
dividual LP's increased to $7.98. 

If you think the prices you're paying for records and tapes are too high 
these days, you may not be alone. 

According to Zodiac News Service, Billboard magazine reports that 
the US Justice Department has launced a major investigation into the 
methods used by record wholesalers and retailers to set their prices. 

-Vera M.I. Todorov 

~ Now W©(!JJ can serve on ~ 
State wide committies 

Applications are now being accepted . Get 
yours at student organizations center. Deadline 
for application March 11 . 

For further information contact 

Jeff Marks, Annex Director 
Ex . 9450 

9443 L1.Jolla Blvd 
454-3038 

or Andy Schneider, Coordinator 
Ex. 4450 

Men & women -- we special.ize in hairarttingonly--

__ 111111111111_-I charters to \ 
• europe • 
• 

Amsterdam & Porls $449-479 .. Sla~ 4 to 50 weeks •• Everyone elIgible 50 
da~s advanced book.ng required 
. CtEE Siudanl Trovel Sa",lce. a. UCSO InlemllioNt Centw ()'ole 

-._ . iiii.452-0630 
.filwA~ 

this 

Call or ViSIt us today 
und-order thts fragrant . 
living message of love. 

A bundle of fresh 
flowers arranged wtth 

a btg red heart and 
TU h"~,h'.J .; ..... . ~ . ! I:' .. : 
you even more for It 

9he j, ,Jolla 'JloUier ShOp 
701 "U.ftL STREET 

LA JOLLA. CA . 12037 



...... h ..... 

5 Try New OffenSe'; same Old Results 
With nothing more than patience 

and a made-[or-the-game offense 
going for them, the UCSD varsity 
basketball team played even for 
three quarters with the reigning 
NAIA champions from Cal Baptist 
before chucking their game plan 
and a chance for victory in the fina) 
10 rirlnutes of Tuesday night's 69-56 
loss in the Main Gym. 

uam coach Dick Satterlee, 
knowing that his team did not have 
the size or talent to stay with the 
visiting Lancers in a normal-paced 
game, had the Tritons open the 
contest with a four-corner, semi-
stall offense. By spreading out the 
play over the entire frontcourt, 
uom passed the ball around the 
floor in order to break players free ' 
for uncontested shots. Satterlee did 
not want anything longer than a 
layup put up at the basket. If the 

SKOWHEGAN SCHOOL OF PAINTING & SCULPTURE 

§ Skowhegan, Maine June 27 - 1977 - August 26 FACULTY VISITING ARTISTS Martha Diamond Cesar Domela 
Willard Midgette 

Susan Shatter 
Richard Stankiewicz 

Fr(:sco: 
William King 

For Advance Students 
Full 9 Week Se sion Only 

Jennifer Bartlett 
Grace Hartigan 
Yvonne Jacquette 
Lowell Nesbitt 
Isamu Noguchi 
George Segal 
Rober! Wilson 
Limited Scholarships 
Deadline: April 7 

For 1 nformation : Joan Franzen, Director 
329 East 68th Street. New York . N.Y . 10021 

(212) 861-9270 

DIM SUM 
ITEA CAKESI 

SERVED SAT. & SUN 

easy shot was not there, the Tritons 
were supposed to bring the ball 
outside and start all over again. 

"We couldn't run or shoot or 
rebound with them," Satterlee said 
after the game. "So we had to try 
something diffe rent. " 

The strategy worked. Ken 
Melvin was able to dri~le, drive, 

.. 

and weave through the porous Car 
Baptist defense, scoring layins and 

The first half ended in a 31-31 tie. 
The second half followed the 

same.pattern until midway in the 
period when the Tritons, down by 
just four points, inexplicably began 
taking outside shots. After staying 
close in a game that looked like a 

Laipq.i CiatJq.n# 
CHINESE R£STAUAANT 
43e7 CONVOY STREFT 

SAN DIEGO . CALIFORNIA 

-'.J 
Lee Gardner attempts to drive to the basket in UCSD's Tuesday defeat. 

SUN THROUGH THURS 
11 :00TILL9:oo 
FRI AND SAT 

11 :00TlLL 10:00 
CLOSED MONOAYS 

- FEATURING -
Exquisite Cantonese Cuisine 

Orders ToGo 

PHONE: 279-7151 

dumping off assists when the 
defenders collapsed on him. Lee 
Gardner grabbed several of these 
passes and broke free on his own 
for other scores. 

At the other end of the court the 
Lancers took little.time to send up 
outside shots and crash the boards 
for their scoring. 

Learn to land a jet 
.here and you can land one' 

anywhere. . 

Bringing in ~ supersonic jet on a 10.000 ft. cement runway is tough 
enough. But landing one on a 500 ft. piece of a carrie r deck moving at 
25 knots, is even tougher. Only a few men are good enough'IO do it . And 
they're All Navy tra ined . tiow can you become a member of the Nava l Air 
team? One way is to j~in . whjie yuu ' re still in college . One of the advantages 
of being part of the AViation Reserve Officer Candidate (A VROC) Program 

• IS that It lets you continue working toward your degree. 
Getting your Navy Wings isn 't easy. The training is tough The leasl 

that Will be expected of you is th.e best that other pilots can do. Their limits 
are your s t~rtlng blotks, their experti se your primer But if you succeed. 
your future IS assured whether you remain in the Navy or not. 

For more information , talk to your local Navy Recrui ter. 

Be Someone Special. Fly Navy. 
NAVY OFFICER INFORMATION TEAM 

interviewing at the 
Career Planning and Placement Office 

February 14-15, 9:00 am · 4:00 pm 
or call 

29J-6444 

certain rout before it started, this 
sudden switch in attack by UCSD 
was about as intelligent and ef-
h!ctive as a Kamikaze raid. 

Cal Baptist blitzed the ·Tritons in 
the final minutes of the game, 
keeping UCSD winless in league 
play. • 

"We were perfect up until the 
middle of the second half," said a 
somewhat disgusted Coach Sat-
terlee after the contest. "But then 
we broke down a bit, some of the 
guys weren't comfortable with the 
new strategy, and we just got too 
far behind." 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
rhe Disabled Studenls Services is 
offering pre-regislrolion for 
sludenls wilh disobililies. Pre-
regislrolion is offered 10 sludenls 
who are : wheel choir bound, 
hearing impaired, visually im-
pOired. cardiac and lung con-
dilions, or have lemporory mobilil)' 
reslr ictions. 

Deadline is 10 am Feb. 1~ , 

.' 

by Jeff Nomura 
Staff Writer 

The cheers of a large home crOwd 
thusiasm of the UCSD women's 
IitUe to dampen the spirits of OOlnD\¥e~ 
as they dealt the Tritons a 77-49 
Wednesday's action. 

Controlling the ball from the 
Apaches pulled away to an early seven 
they were able to ea:lily penetrate a 
three-two zone defense. The Tritons 

. into the game with some fine 
forward Carol Gebhardt and tied 

The Tritons took thelead for the 
with a Jay-up by forward Anne Ca 
quickly in a tighUy contested """""" w 
the lead chanJ!e hands five' times in 
play. Southwestern led at the end of the 
32-28. 

Winning'the second hall tipoff and 

Wanted: 
Chin, I want ev-ry available man 

It that fits the description I'm going 
Make sure you impress ev-ry 

fact that the fate of the en-tire 
forts, meager and gutless as 
floundering, ineffectual DSUIe<tC)-SDon 
their feeble, smack-slumped Sh0111den 
fun-loving American college kids 
through this one time. 

Tell 'em, Chin, that we've got to 

You see, old boy, without a 
anything more than Closet COInpe~tit 
generate about as much 
l'Jumanities Library bathroom 
much more exciting. 

But a sports Superstar would 
those study-gorged, kicks-starved 
the fields or into the gym 
cheering masses in support of The 

This individual would bring 
scholarships, pro scouts, new 
Sporties, salaried coaches, and 
section in the officially rec:OgIlizecl 
destitute sports scene. 

This Somebody would be UCSDs 

So, Chin, here's what we're 
It should go without 

damn good athlete, 
into. By 'good' I mean th .. ,v'~". 
sport. Even if It Is just ba~lmiintorlr''I 
fiendish, Robin-Waffling Birdie 

And they've gotta be a Winner. 

Drops Women 
South Western 

tougher defense, the Tritons pulled even with some 
hot shooting by Gebhardt and guard Carol Dawley. A 
three-poi nt-play by Gebhardt captured the lead for 
the Tritons at ~36. 

Aggressive board control by the Tritons kept the 
Apaches' point scoring down as Carrington gave 
UCSD outstanding offensive play. 

But the one-two punch provided by Helen Garcia 
and Jackie Luzier pulled the Apaches ahead for good 
as they scored on some fine driving plays. 

A hard fought contest in the early going, the game 
was actually much closer than what the final score 
may have indicated. . 

"I thought everyone played excellent basketball," 
announced Coach Judy Ma lone addressing her team. . 
"We just had a letdown for a few minutes toward the 
end of the game." 

• ........ hl .. ~ 

~ 
'" < 
c g 

~ 
~ 
I/'J 
o 

" f. 
~ 

The Tritons face Grossmont Wednesday in an 
away game and return home Friday to play Mira 

. Costa. 

Carol Gebhardt sets up a screen for Anne Harrington 
during UCSD 's loss to Southwestern College. Wed · 
nesday . 

who work here with the 
program hinges upon their ef-
'em that the re~emption of the 

at this school rests on 
Ihat thousands of good clean 

on 'em real bad to come 

at UCSD are never going to be 
so Little League now they 

as "I'm-twenty~ne-and-fun" 
Coop meeting. Qualudes are 

Such a creature would suck 
their dorm rooms and onto 

either join the team or the 
glamor, money, 
chalm~'ion,ships, cheerleaders, 

a real sports 
this school's 

part-time jocks and full-time lackeys into a successful team. But someone that 
does the little things, like getting the star performer on the opposing team 
kicked out of a championship game with a slick, well-placed, fight-starting 
goose. Or who is willing to slip a Mickey at halftime to an official so that a 
convenient replacement, our Superstar's uncle, is called orr to finish of-
ficiating the contest. _ 

But it's going to take someone who is more than a winner and a great athlete 
to become a true Superstar at this school. UCSD is special. So this person is 
going to have to embody other distinctive features. 

Our Superstar has gotta be a tUnHln to look at. But their beauty should be 
unconventional, unique . An under-bite and a pigeon-toed walk are nice, as 
long as they are carried with style. An albino would be perfect, but they're 
rarely left-handed. A missing organ is always a plus. 

Make sure we get a sex symbol. Remember, though, that overt masculinity 
is a no-no, and aphroditic feminism is passe. Find one of those gorgeous 
adrogynous creliitures that give men, women, and children such pleasant 
backcourt fantasies . 

An interesting exploitable childhood is important. The two P's - poverty and 
patricide - are always good for drawing sympathetic attention to an athlete. 

•••• 

Most importantly, however, have the boys searching for someone who is a 
Personality, someone students can look up to, some one who they can care 
about. 

Off the playing field this person .should be rebellious, defiant, outrageous. 
The unsmoked length of the six-inch Ecuadorian cigarettes used, the type of 
whiskey employed for brushing the teetQ, the y~r of the Volkswagen van in 
which the pet python is kept, the brand of the one-size-fits-all cellophane un-
de.rwear, and the type of braid worn in the nostril hairs should all be known 
trendsetters. Joints should be continually snuffed out of the forehands of 
professorS that ask our Superstar to please follow the in-class ban on smoking. 
. While playmg, though, UCSD's Superstar has gotta be as coo) as a KahliJa 

popsicle. Sweat comes from the overcrowded conditions of competition, not 
from effort. Wandering eyes, nose-tweaks, and yawning are common during 
the most crucial game situation. A nasty fall is a chance to tie a shoelace and 
tuck in tile shirttail. -

And the words' our Superstar speaks, during post-game interviews or just 
while juke-cruising the campus, are not the most intellectual expressions, but 
they have a knack for summing up things they way most students see them. 

..... the easiest way to roll a round ball is downhill ... II 
has to be a good athlete, a •••• 
the game that He-She-It is So burry up, Chin. Round up ev-ry one of our blunderersoumblers, botchers, 

It, whatever It is for their and bunglers. Include the hors de combat guys. Begin the search im-
to have something like a mediately. Don't leave a dorm room or library or cafeteria or bathroom un-
'em. . checked. Don't delay. We may be running out of time. UCSD sports must not 
that can turn a group of ~e. FIND ME A SUPERSTARl 

\ 
\ 

.Irs uelD, 
2FOR 1 NIGHT, AI IHI 

SPORTS ARINA! 

M.IIO ticket. onty .2.7& at TrItOn Time., 
Student Canter 

Page 5 

NOW you can buy top qualit.y athletic shoes and get a F RE E 
RESOLE . Choose from all the popular styles and makes . 
ADIDAS, NIKE, BROOKS. NEW BALANCE. K-SWISS. 
TRETORN . TIGER _ 

WHILE · U· WAIT RESOLING SERVICE 

Ouality Athletic Sf)oes 
4941 A Clairemont Dr. 273·0173 

(North Clairemont Square) 

WE RESOLE 
EVERY MAKE 

OF TENNIS AND 
RUNNIN4 SHOE 

WITH FACTORY 
ORIGINALS 

ONLY $10.95 
FREE RESOLES NOT AVAILABLE ON SALE SHOES, CLEATS OR SPIKES. 

aCeS.D. 118BT 

5 00 Pm 109.00 PM 

15 ounce glass Coors 

~()£ 
8 .00 to 8 :30 

Cuervo Gold 
1~£ 

3rd ft BROADWAY . DOWNTOWN 2:M-82CM 

you like to help run the University? 
STUDENT REGENT 

and nominating commission 
AppllcaUon ..... now betnv I.k.n In lhe UCSD 
Slud.,t O'llon. ollie., second floor 01 Ihe 
No"h Sludenl Center. lor lhe poeltlon 01 
STUDENT REGENT. The "' .... " eIlo .. n will 
the thl'" oludent to beco"",. voting m .. nt-, "'. 
the UC Board, Ol Regent • . 

All currenlly ... roRed .Iudenla. who will 
• UC c_pus MXI yet<. • ...... COUr8ged 
apply . TI"", commlt"",nt .. d ""","'M 
'tl tNld. UC I.au .. IUectlnv .tudenl. win 
• major crll.rion In th. selection 
1Ma. IIIU. Includ. Ilnancl.1 
mlnl.t .. tlon. budget.ry m.tt .... oduc,.tI ..... ,1 
qu.llly, .IUdlnl ..... Ic • • • tllrmall .. ac:llon. 
Ilud.,t ri,htl . .. d m'lor legl.latlon 

Appll .. tlon deadl ine I. F.bruary 1 t. 19n , one! 
ell """,ie.llons must b. turned In 10 Ih. 
StucHn1 C~nt.. oIl1c.. Applicant. wilt be 
screened by two regional NOMINATING 
COMMlSSIOItf 1TJ"1IID11'" - .,..cI ..... 
lrom each c.mp"'. Slud .. " Inllresled In 
"",'ng on Ih •• commlulon •• hould ".0 plck 
up """Hc.tlons In tM S.c.. .. llce. 1M dMdlI ... 
lor comml slon .ppllcatlon. I ...... ""',..ry 
41h . 

--....--:~I!'2;;JtL~ FOf lurthe, Inlo"""tI ... , conteet Jell Mer,," 
~ AHEX Director or Andy Sc:hMldlr. C~I .... 

452-4450. 



..... ......... 1_' 
, 

Need a 
Part-time 
Job? 

TRiTON TiMES 
ClAssifiEd Ads 

The Third College Graduation Commitlee will 
hawt its first meeltng at 12 on Fnday 
February 11 In COllference Aoom 17 412 
Mallhews Campus. Third COllege Seniors are 
invited to lOin lhe committee. (211 1) 

-Rock & Roll to Ihe sound 01 "Clouds" 
Salurday niQht 8:00 Revelle FOfmal Lounge 

UCSDTrilon 
lookinqlor 
two dynamic 
people-oriented 
pe nons for sales 
and advertisinq 
account supervision. 
contact GARY at 
Triton. 452-3468 

• 

WANTEd-
Need exira cash? Paying Top 001181 fOt U.S. 
silVer coins before 1965. and pennies before 
1959. Ken 755·7371 (3121 
Allraclive lernale 40·50. lair complex ion. 
needed as model Fie •. hrs. e.per. unnes .• 
HI pay. 292·0444 eves (2/14) 
Wanled: Children ages 7·10 yrs. fOf a 
psychOlogy e.perlmenl . currenlly being 
conducled al Ihe p.ychOlogy bu ilding on 
Muir. The sludy will examine children's lever 
• pressing performance under various 

s<;hedul~s of reward. and will lasl fOf a 
duralion of 12 mins. Each child will be paid 
money for their participation . Please contact 
Ihe' Psych. Depl al 452·3000. Thank·you. 
(2121) " 
Wanled: Siudeni for unique pt . sales job. 
E.cellenl comm. Call Mr. Ashton 463·4228 9 
am·' pm M·F (2/14) 

Need lexl fOf Ames 163: Seefy. An 
lnlroduclion 10 Engineering Sys lems Call, 
Mike 272-0987 (2/14) 

Poetry needed by Seven Stars . a monthly 
lilerary magazine. Pay ing 50 cenls , $1 .00 per 
""em Send nell·addressed. slamped en-
velope with all submissions. Aealties 
Library. Box 33512·B. San Diego. CA 92103. 
ASk for a free copy of our ne.' Issue 

Help wanted · Local dell · part time. 5 days 
900-1 '00. M·F Flexible. good wage. at· 
mosphere . 454·7914 

Siereo components '!,I wholesale prices. all 
.n'l/or brands. all new. guaranteed. call Tod. 
75!>-7548 (3/9) 
For Sale 1968 Toyola Corona. dOOf 3 speed 
sedan new carburalOf. clUICh. good lires 
$7001775!>-5961 Pat eve. 

FREE. One never used O·Chem book. 
Conlacl Dick Spermudez. 

For Sale 66 VW Pop Top Camper RBLT 
engine need some WOfk good condo S850. 
Must sell 753·30 13 

nres • Michelin 17!>-14 inch sleel radials . 
e.collenl cond o Make offer. 436·5543 • Early 
Morn .• Late eve 

SUNSET KNEEBOARD. 5 II. swallowtail . 
Clean lines. fasl. No dings. eKcelient cot>-
dition. $40. Kevin. 453-9348. 

Porsche 66, 912 5 speed . Rebuilt engine. 
sand yellow. new radials very good condil ion 
$50001 Besl 753·0490 

House. 2 bedroom one balh . new fence near 
school. Shops. call Bruce 753-0490 $46 .000 
Of besl 

Good deal 9" 0 I W TV set all channels works 
super 550.00 K·2 180 · shOrts'· Sol men 
Bindingsloller P.hil 454·8049 

Typewriler. manual .good condition 80S call 
459-1869 

q,D ZEP TICKETS March 13. Forum floor 
seats. sec . E Call 452·9343 

70 VW Pop·Top Camper eKcellenl condi tion 
best oller 452· 1796 

2 Roller scale very accurate$1 O. Head Master 
tennis raquet w /new strings. great cond o 
520 . 755·5872 Pete. (2I1S) 

SUAFBOARD 7 It. Egg good Gondilion 570. 
MOTORCYCLE 76 SUZUki 40Q' perfect cond o 
low mileage 436·1 t07. 

MI AmlgOla): I love you . I always will. You are 
my hope, As long as hope exls ls dreams are 
possible (A) 

Barry · You're a Ireasure! Happy Birthday· 
Calhy 

If lhe newly lormed 41 h College Guy Wat· 
Ching Assoc. doesn't like the malerlal they 
are welcome to leave. 

We. lhe judges of the Fourth Collage mosl 
watchable women contesl . would like to say 
Ihat we did. In fact . consider many 01 the 
women In Portola Hall. but none were worth 
walchlng. 

Inlerofflce memo 10 an Siaph Shawler. : I'm 
cutting salaries if I don·t get mOfe oul of you. 
Shawler·in·Chlet. 

To ail my friends. a memory Is the afterglow 
of good limes pasl Thanks for such a 
wonderful bi rthday surprise I ,love you all 
Debbie 

Aemember only 2 more shopping days til 
Pattie M·. birthdaY,Please send all gifts 10 B· 
022 

TRAVEL 
EUROPE. HAWAII and ASIA charier flights. 
Book on campus

' 

CIEE Sludent Travel 
Services. Open M·F 1·5 pm. Call 452-0630 

• (6/12) 
SUPER TRAVEL BAAGAINS Specialists In 
lhe besl deal lor you ... Call TMT x452·1981 
(3/21 ) 

M Of F Roomale needed for 3 bedroOln 2 bath 
place near ueso. Own room and nice 
roomales . Call us 453-6949 (2/11) 
Female. share large house. Del Mar. Beach. 
pool . jacuzzI , Priva le bedroom. 5100 & share 
utll . Call 755·4106 (2111) 
2 male hsemates wanled own rm In univ ety 
w i pool . tennis $100 plus 1/3 util . 452·9245 
after 5 pm (2/11) 

Own room in 3-bedroom condo. Playmor·La 
Jolla. 1'h miles from school. pool nearby. 
Congenial room males. Available April 1 st for 
spring and summer $116 .00 per month . Gall 
Jon. 453-6471. If nOI home. leave phone no. 
(2/141 

'S9 VW Van rebuilt englne recenttune-up. 
1I! .. _iiitttllllIIIItIi_-_ .... ..,,·· New tires moved to Del Mar don·t need 10 

drive Ca!1 Pele 481·9397 (2/14) 

Solana Beach 1 or2males to share apt . $120. 
mo . ocean view. pool , sauna, jacuzzi , on new 
bUlline 10 UCSD elc!! Call Marc al 481 ·9967 
Of .s3-0240 or Mike al 75!>-3642 1/ 2 $100 
deposil · share electric (211 4) 

Duplex 3 bedroOlns 2 baths well fumished 1 
blk to beach P.B. privale patio S380 . a mo. 
488·1600.454·3305 

fine s t studio In sa n diego county 
BALLET · MODERN · JAU 
CREATIVE · TAp · DRAMA 

INTERNATIONAL FOLK DANCING 
EVEAY FAloAY 

ALL LEVELS 

8PM 
230 BIRMINGHAM 

CAROIFF·BY· THE·SEA 
436-3733 

You've gotta 'date with 
Crystal T 

to dine in her elegant Emporium, 
dance to her Electric Music Machine 

and play games in her Parlour 
dominoes, chess and backgammon, that is! 

SOO Holel Circle North 
(lit the Town lind Country Hotel) 

BMW 1800 4·door recenl valve lob. new 
brakes. shocks . clutch. Michelin radials . 
lape deck make offer 274-6873 (21,6) 

71 VW Camper Poptop Xlnt cond o 462·9517 
afterS pm (2/11) 

Led Zeppl ln, Tickels 9th rO\ll left side upper 
level 4 in row 90$ or 2 prs 45$ each Sieve 
488-2347 (21 111 

Kawasaki 500 Lo mi '70Xlnt cond. Only S385 
or best olfer all o ffers conSidered . Must sell. 
453-3727 (2111 ) 

LED ZEPPELIN TICKETS. Fisl and third row. 
SIOO Of best offer. Secllon 24 loge. $30 Of 
best offer. Call 279-7988 alter 6 p.m. 

PERSONAls 
41h COM MUTERS! Where do you live? 
Please put addresses In suggestion boKes 
thiS week : L1bs . Std Cnt. POff (2/11) 
Young pro lessor (27) wants someone (over 
18. female) 10 a!lend sexual freedom league 
party Wllh II you mighl be In teresled call me 
at 223·9557 . (2114) 

Housing contracl dbl. rm . Tenaya 452·0407 
ask for E. or D. 

Own roOln in 2 belr. apl. in Clairmont. Fur· 
nished Pool. 15 min Irom school. Aen t 119 
560-1208 _ 

Renlal wanted: 3·5 Br house In Del Mar. LJ or 
PB from Apnl I ·July 1. $25 dollar reward for 
In fo 276·6749 (2 / 14) 

Female roommate wanted to shale room 
wlsr. chern. malor· $75 permo.Playmorcall 
452-0526 or 455·9424 

Wanled female roommale. Own room • 
lurnished La Jolla shores area $87. Helen. 
Leslie 459-2570 
Ouiel neal roommate to share L olla Village 
Apt. 1 ml UCSD own rmlbalh $150 mo . Avail 
2127177 453-0776 

HOfRe in Ihe counlry . Aoom lor horse. dog. 
garden. Peaceful Call 756-3550 after 6 pm. 

Room v:lprlvate balh In shared Clalremont 
hOuse. No smoking. preler grad. $110. ph 
270·7983. (2111) 

Give Them Flowers From 

PEq'~L PUSH~RS 
6982 La Jolla Blvd . 

459-2252 

100/0 Discount With -This Ad 

FrIday, Felnary 11, 1m 
-

Ru~or has It thai the Monareh Is nol a man! 
Selection to be annou~ next week In 
Valentlne's personals. 

Typing . IBM self-correcting Selectric lerm 
papers. Iheses. etc 452·1588 EveningS 
(6/ 12) 

~alh grad wltl tulor • call Dan • 753·8952. 
(2/14) 

Need a barlender for your next party? Bar. 
lender eKlraordinai re. Reasonable rates. 
Dependable4S1 ·9103 (2/23) 

Lose welghl Ihe easy & quick way. Healthy 
wl o hunger pangsl Call me & find out how. 
453·0776 (2111) 

Typing : Term papers. IhesiS. dissertations. 
rush jobs. edltlnO, call 453-0656 . 56().8171 
2!l6-4936. 452·1588 (3/21) , 

4SB Special: Unisex hairstyling' 12 price. 
Haircut. shampoo. blow dry. SS.OO. Call 459-
8229 for appts. The Hair Slylist . 7563 Girard 
(3121) 
MEDICAL SCHOOL having placemenl 
problems fO( mad school? We can help you 
lind a place now In Italy. FOf information call 
(2 13) 331 ·2490 or write : MEDICAL 
STUDENTS ABROAD 5120 Nearglen Ave. 
Covina. Calif 91724 (3/21) 

Tutoring. algebra trig .. anal. geom . calculus. 
physics. slatistics. GRE. Call ish 287·4751 
(2114) 

CAMPBELL·BALLOU typist. Clairemont Sher 
279-1 418 (3121) 
Lost unwanted pounds & Inches. Heallhy & 
easy way 10 lose _Ighl & keep It off. Call 
Lynn 481-8290 (3/21) 

losT ANd FouNd 
LOST: One IIny Koala Bear wlo nose. Greal 
senti menial value. If found pis ca ll Laura 453-
0746 

LOST : Radio shack calucula lor In 2250 HSS 
on 2/9 If found please call 273-9534 

Losl a key to lhe dorm on Feb. 9 eround Thl;d 
College . Number 926 on Ihe key . Please help 
452·9921 

LOST: Black & white ballk print on malerial. 
MUir Park . Lot Reward. call 453-0485 

LOST : While and blue Timex watch al 3rd 
party last weekend Please call Cindy 453-
0485 

To the person who was suprlsed to find 4 
doll ass and a house key In their backpack call 
.s3-7536 

Lo~t somewhere en campus: Red suede 
wallet Call Robin at 453·3165 

PEN : Will finder of pen btwn. USB & Aev . 
Prov OIL call ruth at 274·9695 & tell me 
where to claim it . 

LOST : One eost. . On Revelle. on Monday . It 
Is purple wllh green lining and 01 HANG TEN 
make. Please lurn Into Trllon Times off ice II 
found . 

LoSI silver bracelet with orange & whue slone 
on RllI/elle senliment value any Info please 
ca II 222·4005 

LOST: Gold Charm.wit~ opal sett ing. Ihoughl 
to be In vicinlly of Blake Hall. Reward. Call 
452·9961 . 

ClilSsifie.~ Rales 
Siudent ads · 25 cents 
Personals· 50 cents 
Lost and Found - free 
Non-student ads • $1 
Deadline at 1 pm. Iwo 
days prior 10 publication. 
Ads may be submitted 
between 8· to and 12-2 on 
MWF. 8- 11 and 1·3 on ITh. 

Soaps that 
do more for 

your ski n th.an 
just clean! 
IU~IU"NI" 410 WITH VITAMIN E 

Kerf 

HerlMf, Muak, lemon-
.... 1.09 

. 1.19 

For dry Skin . • •... .... • I 29 
. 

LLAGE BEAUTY 
SUPPLY 

737 P~RL 
Don'1 be mistaken . The .. d,. .. of our 
Ptaza I. on Pearl but our entrance I. ott 
our frM parking lot on ElICIs. just lOuth 01 
Pearl In tha new building with lord 
Bryon', COokl'S. Dick'. Liquor IOd "'" 
Soup E,change. 

Friday. FeimIIIry 11, 1t7'7 

Steue Miller 

Steve Miller Disappointing: 
Quality at Low Point 

Steve Miller was in town 
Saturday night at the Sports 
Arena. The seven songs from Fly 
Uke an Eagle, Mi11er's most 
successful album (and recently 
named Albwn of the Year by 
Rolling Stone ) were well received 
by the crowd (many of whom 
were too ' young to realize that 
Eagle was not his first album) . 
Half a dozen oldies ("Mary Lou", 
an uptempo "Gangster of Love", 
and of course, " Livin' In The 
USA") and three new songs '( soon 
to be jamming up the AM air 
waves) were also performed. 

But ... (and it's a big BUT) 
quality-wise the concert was a 
let-down. Part of the fault lies 

with Miller ' s band , at least half of 
whom had no business being 
there . But Miller's lackadaisical 
a ttitude and complete lack of 
stage presence were the show's 
major flaws. He cut corners 
whenever possible (and even 
som et imes when it was n ' t 
poss ible ). I mean - " The Joker" 
with no slide guitar? Not singing 
the refrain to "Space Cowboy" ? 
A real disappointment especially 
after the fine studio work that 
Miller has done . 

The Norton Buffalo Stampede. 
the show's openers, had trouble 
clapping their hands in unison. 

-TedGuth 

Sexton's Poetry PreSented; 
Noon Concert Series Begins 

"Death and Anne Sexton," a Reader's Theatre production of the poetry 
by the Pulitzer Prize winning poetess AlUle Sexton, will be presented on 
Tuesday, Feb. 15. Sexton's poetry, often morose and intensely personal, 
exposes the visage of horror and insanity hidden behind the mask of tense 
normality in eve'ryone. The production, sponsored by the UCSD 
Fellowship Fund, will be performed in the Mandeville rl!cital hall, room 
132,at7:30pm. 

The noon concerts sponsored by the UCSD Music Department features 
soprano Cathy Campbell this Tuesday in the Mandeville Alcove. 

The ,noon series continues with the UCSD Oboe Quartet, with a per-
forma nce of works by Mozart, Britten, and others. 

The penultimate concert of the term features William Hays at the piano 
to be presented in the Recital Hall, March 8. 

The UCSD Guitar Ensemble brings the Winter Noon Concert Series to a 
close on March 15. 

ONE MAGNIF~CENT 
FRESH ROSE 

YOI,r color choice 
and your message 
enclosed, beautifully 
gift packed .• 
deliveredANYWHERE 
in the city of San 
Diego, •• This 
weekend •• in time 
for 
VALENTINE' DAY! 

Only '7.95 complete 

Three roses, 
if you wish 

Same Great ervice 

,9.95 

Dirty Harry Again 
Enforcer Loses Humor BllTE SH[JP By Janet Nlcoloff-Dyer 
The Eaforeer. A MalPaso 

Production, is another stroll down 
memory lane for the beloved Dirty 
Harry . But it is a rather droll 
experience for we Clint Eastwood 
fans. 

Certainly there is enough 
violence and Harry is vehement as 
ever. But the criminals, an SLA-
type of stock terrorists, are not 
grizzly enough to even raise one's 
ire, much less fear. The violence is 
simply blatant, with no shock value 
attached. Harry remains the dare-

The Archers: 
Blending Rock 
With Gospel 

The Archers, among the leading 
purveyors of gospel·rock, will be 
appearing in concert tomorrow at 8 
in theMandeville Auditorium. 

Paced by Steve and Tim Archer, 
this " family band" mixes their 
gospel message with a con-
temporary music sOWld. Starting 
out by performing in churches I the 
Archers are now a major musical 
attraction, having completed six 
national tours, including ap-
pearances at Madison Square 
Garden in New York and the 
Colloseum in Los Angeles. Expo '72 
in Dallas became the first of many 
Jesus festivals in which they have 
performj!d. 

The opening act for the Man-
deville concert will be Oasis. The 
show is presented by the campus 
Crusade for Christ. Admission is $2 
for UCSD students. 

-Many other lovely 
Valentine 
arrangements and 
plants too .• from 
$10.°0 .. all 
decorated for the ' 
holiday. 

• • • • • • • • • 

- Open SUNDA Y this 
weekend for you late 
Valenti!,e shoppers .• 
or call in .. 
BankAmericard and 
Masler Charge 
honored ~ver phone 

devil smart cop but his callous 
smirk has turned into an assiduous 
sneer; Harry has lost his sense of 
humor. . 

One begins to sense that when 
Harry gets 'stuck' with a rookie 
female it is merely an attempt to 
liven up the mundane quality of the 
plot. MalPaso needs to wake up 
and realize that reliable women in 
action are simply . too com-
monplace and rightfully so, to be 
considered successful gimmickry 
anymore. 

Highlights of the film are Harry 
Guardino, doing a fine piece of 
character acting, and Bradford 
Dillman proving once more what a 
great louse he can be. 

Disappointment, however, is 
about all that one can expect from 
this third, and (picas_e) final, Dirty 
Harry fli ck. 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES tltru 

HYPNOSIS 
DICKRAXOW 281·4586 

n..AHorda"'. 
C9mpu,er Store 

B2!50. H VICKI"'" ST . 
SAN D I ~GO , CA 82 111 

f714) ' !5S!5 · eOOB 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

come and hear 
Dr. John Wight, D.o. 

on 

'What powers 

do you have?' 

This Sunday 1 0 :45am, 
715 Silurecl. 

La Jolla 

ALL ~£CORDS & TAPES $ ..:..-1.;..,..;;:. ~II 

OCEAN IBACH 
40(H \nlt .l1r~ 

caULA VISTA SAN DIEGO 
37'1 .v-d 422-9nl I rh (~ hI. 2.N-,').,,<, 

ARCAU'-. 
" ~U5IC C.\\ 

February 11 . 1977 

The 
Wind 
& 
The Lion 
Mandeville. 7:00 & 9:30 PM 
$125 

Sean Connery 
Candice Bergen 
Brian Keith & 
John Huston 

February 12. 1977 
USB 2722.7 :00 & 9:30 PM 
$1.00 

Still 
the fairest 

of theIR all! 
~ ~ ~ 



..... ........ I_Ifii 

Ginseng Root . ' · 
May Turn Out The Lost Art of Shoe Design Burglar Exposes self 

to Law 
SmelICI_ LSAT Voluminoul home GRE study mat.,. 
Cour_ that .e Al'ISl const.ntly updet" 

OCAT 
CPAT 

T .... f8c:iliti" for 
reviews of el_ 
I_nl end for u. 
of supple_tMY 
materiell 

Wonder Drug 
(ZNS) Ginseng root, that 

mysterious medicine that dates 
back more than 3000 years into 
Chinese history, may turn out to be 
a modern wonder drug. 

FLEX Melee-upt for ECFIIG m~ I_nl 

The British publication New 
Scientist reports that the bitter-
tasting root, that often has been 
laughed at by 'Western medical 
researchers, is suddenly showing 
up in lab . tests as a ' mysterious 
preventative for dozens of diseases 
and a powerful source of en-
durance. tlAT'L MED 8DS 

SAT-VAT 
The magazine says recent tests 

have found that a single dose of 
ginseng increased the stamina in 
mice by 35 percent; and that daily 
use of the root extract doubled the 

.SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2180 G.rnet. Pecifie Beech 92109 

itil-·68IJ 
EDUCATIONAL 

CENTER 

Br.nc"- in m.jor US citi" 
• nd Switzerl.nd 

't\\t ,~ 

stamina. . 
New Scientist says that the 

energizing property of ginseng 
caused it to be carried in the back-
packs of North Vietnamese 
soldiers during the war; and that 
Soviet cosmonauts commonly 
snack on ginsent during space 
flights to prevent disease . 

PROUDLY PRESENTS THE SHARPEST 
FUNKY ROCK DANCE BAND IN S.D. 

Discount 
Prices 

"Breeze" 
MEllOW OUT THURS., FRI. , SAT. 

Photographic Supplies 

- Darkroom 
Supplies 

Expert Service Quality Equipment 

Boh Da\'is Call1Pra Shop 
-: i- I .I \ • I .' I,did I, , ; ,',', 

ll~W l,1,., 
• 

ONEG SHABBAT 
POTLUCK DINNER 

Lecture by Dan Schultz "Jews in American Prisons" 
Instructor at Calif. Men 's Colony 

DANCING, SINGING , SERVICES 
FRIDAY, FEB. 11 , 6:30 PM , NORTH CONFERENCE ROOM 

POTLUCK: Bring your favorite Dish or Dissert 
sponsored The Union of Jewish Student. 

,-.'+FREE" ....... 
• • • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 

mE· CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR 

.. THE MONITOR - A Source of High QualitYJntemational 
Jmimalism Which Is Widely Read By Leaders of Government, 
r ducation, Business and the Professions·" 

ON MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14,at REVELLE PLAZA 
THE MONITOR - containing a special feature on CAREER'S 
in the 80's - will be given away at no charge!! - DON'T MISS 
IT 

• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • • • • ~ ...................... ~ 

A dying art has expanded into a thriving business in Clairemont. 
Here, 15 craftsmen magically recreate and redesign any shoe. Unlike 
the local shoemaker limited in manpower and facilities, they operate 
like a small, efficient factory-a group of specialist covering the gamut 
0( shoe problems from redesign and dyeing, to tennis resoling and boot 
rebuilding. 

Even orthopedic work is done, along with general repairs on every 
imaginable item from purses to golf bags. The result of this 
organization is a precise, professional job done, in many cases, on a 
while-u-wait basis. 

According to master shoe designer, Irving Hertz, virtually anything 
can be done to any shoe. The crew can change pointed shoes to open 
toes, make shoes longer or wider, change shoes to boots, make gaping 
shoes narrow and narrow shoes wide. 

Even flat shoes can be made high and outdated spike heels replaced 
with platforms. This is the most common redesign work done at the 
shop. Hertz boasts a selection of 250 different types of heels varying in 
height, style, and width. You can choose from among stacked heels, 
wedgies, and platforms. In effect, you can be your own designer. No one 
will have your same shoe! 

Also, worn-out toes can be reinforced with toe caps, worn-out heels 
replaced with new ones. 

Even the problem of wide calves fitting into narrow boots has been 
solved. A gusset of leather can be inserted in the boot or a zipper in-
stalled. No one will ever know the boot didn't come that way. Outdated 
laced boots can also be replaced with zippers. 

Actually, zippers can be sewn on just about any item including purses, 
jackets, and sleeping bags. . 

And don't throw out old handbags falling apart at the seams. New 
sides, linings, and handles can make them like new. 

Even torn shoes and jackets can be artfully repaired. 
Rather than cover them with patches, panels or matching material 

are added. Dog-chewed and frayed items can be altered in the same 
manner. 

All work is done with expert skill. The final product looks factory-new 
and often has less imperfections that the original. 

A vital factor in shoe redesign is the dyeing process. Dirty, worn shoes 
or bags can be given new life with new colors. Shoes can be dyed to 
match purses, dresses, and belts. 

Outfits can be fully coordinated. You can change colors with the 
changing seasons and alWays be in style. 

It's no longer necessary to throw out stained articles. A unique dyeing 
process has been devised to remove spots. Even grease stains and sun 
spots can be re-dyed. 

Last Monday night UCSD police 
arrested a 19-year old man who 
had run through Revelle donns 
alternately exposing himself and 
burglarizing donn rooms. 

The man, Willie Winfield Lee, is 
• not a student and Is currently on 

parole. The city attorney's office 
has issued a complaint against Lee 
charging him with two COWlts of 
indecent exposure and one COWlt of 
possession of stolen property. 

According to the pollee report, 
Lee first made his appearance 
known on this campus at 7:00 when 
he exposed himseH to some women 
in the Meteor Hall lounge. He later ' 
exposed himself in a Blake Hall 
lounge. 

Taken from donn rooms during 
his stay on campus were a Texas 
Instruments- calculator, a Kodak 
Instamatic camera, a driver's 
license not his own, and two 
turquoise ringS. 

Lee left campus on a 3-speed 
bicycle he had stolen from outside 
the Coffee Hut, and was ap-
prehended by campus police at 
8: 20 as he was riding by ~e corner 
of La Jolla Farms Road and La 
Jolla Shores Drive. He was dressed 
at the time. 

DNA Report. 
[Continued from Page'll 

report will be communicated to the 
University as a recommendation 
from the City. 

SimUar to Cambridge 

According to Dyeman Bennie Williams, virtually any material can be . 
dyed including cloth, linen, satin, suede, leather, and synthetics. 

In a similar action 3000 miles 
away, the Cambridge City COWlcil, 
which witnessed an intense . con-
frontation among scientists during 
the smnmer of 1976, approved the 
recombinant DNA research plans 
of Harvard University and MIT. You can see that the restyling of a shoe (or purse or jacket) is a unique 

process. It requires the artistic skill of both the dyeman and the shoe 
designer. Two master craftsmen have made this Clairemont business a 
success. They-represent a rare "dyeing" breed of artists. 

Hertz is nearly 70 and has been a shoe designer for 35 years. He 
learned the family trade in Poland at age nine. Over the years, he has 
built up an admiring following sending shoes from as far away as New 
Zealand! They recently prompted him to come out of retirement to do 
what he does best. 

Williams is 47, carrying on the family trade of dyeing learned from his 
brother in Texas. He is a true artist with a feel for color and design. 
Using no charts or formulas, no premixed dies, he creates all colors 
from scratch - a kind of modern-day Picasso. He can dye any item to 
perfectly match any color. It's nice to know you don't have to settle for a 
near-match anymore! 

The skills of these two men along with their team of craftsmen have 
reaped rewards. American Shoe Repair is the largest single shoe repair 
shop in the western United States. It also has the second largest tennis 
resoling (while-u-walt) business in the United States. , 

&0 next time you think of buying some shoes, check the closet first. 
Now you can turn those comfy old favorites into a stylish new pair. 

A 12 page report from the 
Cambridge Experimentation 
Review Board, a gl,'OUP similar to 
San Diego's DNA Study Committee 
although composed entirely of lay 
citizens, advised that recombinant 
DNA research "can be pennitted 
in Cambridge" as long as there is 
"strict adherence" to the NIH 
Guidelines. 

In addition, the Cambridge 
report stressed the need for careful 
monitoring of the biohazard 
facilities and the minimization of 
all potential hazards. 

The report also called for the 
creation of a 'Cambridge Biohazard 
Committee to oversee "all 
recombinant DNA research that is 
conducted · in the City of Cam-
bridge." 

The San Diego DNA Study 
Committee recommended a 
similar action, stating that "if 
recombinant DNA research ex-
pand.<J to other institutions in the 
City of San Diego, a formal 
mechanism such as an area 
biohazards committee be formed 
to verify that all such institutions, 
including private industry, are in 
conformance with NIH Guidelines. 

MORE dAssifiEds 
I'm In love with my angel buddy, Steve Adler 
Looking foreward to those dalquaris Sunday 
eve. unlilihen sweet dreams. 

Love your 81'1 gel babe. 

***** S.A.S.-happy birthday baby-the big 21 15 
here. How does a walk to Del Mar sound? 
From SAS (with a K) 

r-"---'_OO_ •• _ OO _ OO_.--., 

!~OMMUNITY~ BLOOD~ 
( . 9Ulnd.. " 

327 FStNet ( 
PAYS DONORS ( , 

I forServloe 
1 

Mon .• Fri. t 
133-5411 ( 

........ ~ ....................................... ~ ___ !~~ ______ ~J 


