
Wedaetday, May 11, 1m 

Grady-Leifer Battle Highlights Tvvo -Day Runoff 
ASUCSD Candidates Spar During Question 
And Answer Session at KSDT Radio Show 

by Reed Alpert 
Staff Writer 

The ASUCSD run-off candidates 
went on the firing line Monday 
night as they fielded questions 
from the students and media 
during KSDT's Candidates Forum. 

The hour and a half live radio 
show gave the candidates for 
President, Vice-president, Com-
missioner of Academic Affairs and 
Commissioner of Appointments 
and Evaluations a chance to state 
their views on a variety of issues 
and respond to questions from the 
audience and students phoning in. 

with student rights, Leifer spoke of 
a Grade Appeals Committee 
designed to fonnulate a grievance 
procedure. The committee will 
meet in June on an open forum 
basis. Leifer also mentioned that 
he had been chosen to represent 
UCSD at the Federal Bar Assoc. 
Student Rights Convention. 

cited his battle to have the Tran-
sition Team's Election Sub-
Committee enforce the campaign 
rules in a fair and consistent 
manner (Triton Times April 29 and 
May 4.) He also cited the need to 
incorporate the AS as a move to 
strengthen student rights. 

In order to increase active 
participation by all students, 

Continued on Page 3 
Grady said that student rights is 

"foremost among his policies" and 

In his opening statement, 
presidential candidate Steve 
Grady said that all the candidates 
have stated they represent student 
interests. It comes down to style, 
personality and experience." 
Grady said. He stated he is a better 
administrator than Jeff Leifer, the 
other candidate for president, and 
has the ability to be a full-time 
president. 

Leifer, in his opening statement, 
stressed the need 'for student input, 
an ombudsman and a Student 
Advisory Team to handle the in-
terests of all the unrepresented 
groups on campus . An om-

t budsman, he said, is an in-
dependent trouble shooter to whom 
any student can go with a problem. 
He must have power and in-
timately know how the system 
runs, Leifer added. 

Experience Questioned 
In response to a call-in question 

about the candidates' experience 

If looks could kill we might have to censor ASUCSD presidential candidate 
Ste ue Grady 's [right) glare at opponent Jeff Leifer during KSDT's candidate 
night Monday. 

Physiol~ical Experiments to be Conductoo 

UCSD Group Devises Tests for Spacelab 
by JoeIC. Don 

Associate News Editor 

For many scientists and space sc::ience enthusiasts, 
NASA's Space Shuttle program means our eventual 
migration into space and the colonization of 
populations in orbiting space stations. 

But to a group of UCSD investigators, the use of the 
recoverable Space Shuttle vehicles sent to and from 
space means that scientists will be able to conduct 
physiological experiments under conditions unique to 
our terrestrial environment-unique because the 
experiments will be conducted in a " OG" or 
weightless environment. 

Under the direction of John B. West, professor of 
medicine and bioengineering at the UCSD School of 
Medicine, a group of investigators have devised a 
package of experiments for NASA's Spacelab 
studying human pulmonary or lung functioning in the 
weightless enviJ:onment. 

According to West, an "uneven" condition exists in 
the lung under "lG" or nonnal Earth environmental 
conditions. The uneve ness , he says, results in a 
gravitationally influenced blood flow, causing more 
blood to flow to the base of the lung. 

Gravitational forces, which also influence the 
distribution of fluids in the body, are responsible for 
more blood gases to be inspired at the base, rather 
than the apex of the lung. 

In tests conducted at the San Diego Veterans 
Administration HOspital, West and his team ~ in-
vestigators have found that the disparity in the 
distribution of blood Dow could be manipulated by 
altering a subject's physical position with respect to 
the pull of gravity. Additionally, acceleration in a ' 
centrifuge can exaggerate blood flow cH.tribution; 
further confinnlng the relationship of gravity and the 
function of the lung. 

LIDI, Performuce 
The ICientiata then poeed the question : what would 

be the performance of the lung in the weightless 
environment? Although a state of weightlessness can 
be artificially produced by flying Lear jets in zero 
gravity trajectories, Project co-investigator David B. 
Michels stresse:l the importance of prolonged 
weightlessness for the performance of their six 
pulmonary function tests. 

Michels, with the assistance of a lab technician, 
redesigned the physical components of the tests in 
two months, which he describes as a "major 
miracle," to fit into the space allocated by NASA 
Spacelab officials. 

The tests include measurement of carbon dioxide 
production and oxygen consumption; inequalities of 
blood and gas mixtures in the lung; diffusing 
capacity of the blood gases; cardiac output (blood 
flow) and distribution of gas inspiration in the lung 
and a forced expiration test. Michels noted that he 
plans to test the experimental package in a Spacelab 
simulation next week at the Johnson Space Center in 
Houston. 

Both Michels and West insist, however, that the 
experimental research involves a basic un-
derstanding of cardiovascular and pulmonary fun-
ction. They hope to prove that the lung will demon-
strate an "even" blood flow distribution in "OG" as 
well as achieve a better understanding of the effects 
of gravity in the detennination of the shape of the 
lung cavity in the chest. 

But in tenns of one specific disease as an example, 
West suggests that their research may aid other 
investigators whose work involves diseases ~ the 
lung. 

Dlsea e Preveatloa? 
"The more we know about the lung in the 

weightless state," West declared, "the better we'll 
understand the function ~ the lung and how some 
disease processes might occur in it. 

ontiaued OR Pale 3 

Triton Times 
Election Endorsements 

President: Jeff Leifer 
VICe-president: Mark Sindler 
Acad. Affairs: no endorsement 
Appts and Eval: James Lofgren 

Vote today and tomorrow at 
Revelle, Muir, Third, Fourth 

and the Gym 

Students Jailed for New 
Hampshire Nuke Demonstration 

by Alan Russell 
News Editor 

~ Eric Davies, Production Director of campus radio station KSDT, 
~ received a call last Friday from two friends-two friends in jail. 
;{ UCSD seniors Randy Erickson and Brian Ritter, doing a 199 project for 
g a Communications Program course dealing with the controversial 
~ construction of a nuclear plant in Manchester, New Hampshire, were 
en incarcerated along with many other demonstrators the mass arrests 

~ that occurred last week. 
a 'They called Friday afternoon," said Davies. "They said they d call 
I: back at nine that night so we could make a live broadcast. " 

The resulting tape, played live Friday night on KSDT, has also found 
airtime on both local and LA radio stations. 

"Basically, the two are members of our radio station music staff," said 
Davies. "They knew it would be a good story, and in the past they have 
done special reports." 

Davies said he had hoped to hear from the two by this time, adding, 
"Frankly we don't know what's going on now." Erickson and Ritter were 
expected to be released last Monday. 

What follows is the KSDT tape between Davies and inmate Erickson. 
, I'm at the National Guard Annory at Seabrook in Manchester, New 

Hampshire," Erickson began. "I've been here the last six days now. 
There were originally 700 people here and now there are 450 left. 
Everybody's getting along pretty good. We 're not segregated by sexes or 
anything. We've had a couple of pretty far out tribal dances and also the 
other night some people were trying to organize an orgy sort of sub-
terfugely. 

"There's a talk session tonight which, uh, was far out because there 
was an out of uniform national guardsman who was just one with the 
crowd and was mixing with us. He got up in the middle of the session and 
said he was on our side. He didn't know what was going to happen to him 
the next morning, he might get in trouble, but he didn 't care. So it looks 
like there's a very good rapport with guardsmen. The people here are 
constantly rapping with the guardsmen about what they're doing, and 
many of the guardsmen are getting very receptive. The state police were 
a hassle, but the guardsmen don't seem to be that way. They seem to be 
very much in touch with the demonstrators 

"It's not really like being in jail per se, except that we can't go 
anywhere. We're confined and we're trying to get our bail reduced from 
$100 to PR for everybody but that hasn't come through a couple of appeals 
so far." 

KSDT: Could you tell us just exactly bow the arrests bappened? 
"We were on the site. Over 2,000 people were tl'lere Saturday and 

Sunday. We were still going. The police were just staying out in the 
distance and then Sunday afternoon they declared us an illegal assembly 
and said we were trespassing. And the;, came in with busses to pack 
everybody up on the busses. Most peoplt walked to the busses with the 
police as they came even though they might have had a chance to leave, 
but the intention was, you know, not to Ita 'Ie. Some people went limp and 
were dragged on the busses. It took over 14 hours to arrest everybody and 
many people spent the night in what were like $eDli-trailer trucks-you 
know, more or less meat trucks. 

'I was in a truck with 70 other people where we could only stand or 
crouch. I was only there for six hours luckUy, but other pwpw were there 
for 12 or 14 hours waiting for arl'lu~nment. And then everybody was 
arraigned'in a mass lineup, one after another, you know, so i was a real 
meat how for awhUe." 

KSDT: What effe t are you bavlng 08 tile problem out there? Are you 
g tting any afflrmativ action on the protest AtleU? 

nUnued n Pa 3 



I ....... II ...... OS Wednesday, May 11, 1m 
1 

A Look at the Two 'AS Presidential Candidates 
Leifer Shows Great Concern 

For Student Needs, Rights 
Grady Offers Experience and Commitment 

Campaigns are made of lots Ii rhetoric and many promises. It will be 
up to the people who are elected to translate their positions on the issues 
into workable plans and active programs. How do you know the person 
you vote for will really follow through with what he says? 

Take a look at past commitment. Jeff Leifer has a background of 
campus experience which shows his continued concern for student 
needs. Long before there was an election for president, Jeff was 
working for students. As an intern he sought to represent students in the 
Academic Senate. His efforts have been directed to the establishment of 
a Student Rights Commission which would review students grievances 
in the areas of cheating accusations, arbitrary grading and sex 
discrimination. Jeff's ideas helped to organize a Grade Appeals Com· 
mittee. 

It's obvious that the new ASUCSD has only a constitution of a few 
words on a piece of paper. How do you know the ASU~D president will 
continue to listen to the students once he gets elected? . 

Jeff has already outlined early action programs which will provide for 
an open student government. Jeff will be working with student 
organizations to create a Student Advisory Committee and an om-
budsman position to increase student input. Jeff has committed himself 
to programs that will provide key student services and will return 
student power to the San Diego campus. 

It can go one way or the other. The credibility of student represen-
tation is on the line in the upcoming run-off for ASUCSD president. 
Priorities should be set as a product of wide student input. Decision-
making should be based on open participation. We need a president who 
will accept our help and ideas in establishing the operation of the new 
student government. 

The programs Jeff has outlined will re-establish statewide advocacy 
and will help to organize student power on this campus. On the basis of 
these commitments and a continued concern for student rights, we 
endorse Jeff Leifer ... 
CHERI O'LA VERTY 
PHILIP ISAAC 
ANN CARBERRY 

Letters to the Editor 

UCSD has a brand new 
ASU~D fonn of government. 
There are endless possibilities of 
where this new model can take 
us. We now have the opportunity 
to mold the new constitution into 
a modern, viable working 
document. It is an opportunity 
most students at a university 
never have. We need fresh, en-
thusiastic people with 
organizational and legislative 
skill to kick off our embryonic 
government in tbe right direc· 
tioo. I have more expertise in this 
field than my opponent. My 
experience in government, in the 
real world, bears this out. 

The student government now is 
still an advisory group to the 
Chancellor. (In this essential 
respect, it is no different from the 
old Coop form of government. My 
opponent does not seem to realize 
this. ) The way to change this, 
within the framework of our 
present constitution, is through 
incorporation. 

Basically, incorporation means 
an autonomous student govern· 
ment with complete control over 
registration fees. This means 
student fees cannot go up without 
student approval. This means 

End Oppression by Oil Companies 
" There has been no major 

ecological damage yet," reports 
the Evening Tribune of the recent 
oil castl'ophe in the North Sea. 
None yet, but just imagine an oil 
slick larger than the state of 
Delaware. The very thought 
sickens me. 

I feel like the helpless bird, 
stranded on the ocean surface that 
has been covered by the massive 
slick. Although I may be physically 
bound, my inner rage and abject 
disgust with the flagrant 
irresponsibility of the oil com-
panies, who have blatantly allowed 
the recent spills to happen, tor· 
ments my conscience. 

Uke the floundering bird, each of 
us appears to be concerned with his 
or her immediate problems. But I 
suggest we harness our selfish 
drives and use them as a vehicle of 
unification toward a common 
purpose: to rebel in an organized 
and effective manner in order to 
halt the tyrann ical abuses of both 
the earth and its inhabitants by the 
oil companies. We "consumers" 
are presently being consumed as 
we s ubmit ourselves to the 
engulfment by the corporate oil 
businesses. 

In directing our rebellion, we 
must realize that the oil companies 

are composed of ruthless in-
dividual businessmen who breathe 
dollars and cents. Their blind quest 
fo r maximum profit must be 
stopped in favor of an inhabitable 
envirorunent. 

Our most immediate and ef· 
fective means of displaying our 
anger is by pressuring our 
goverrunent representatives, by 
letter or by visit, to enactstringent 

leg isla tion that provides for 
ma x imum safeguards in the 
drilling and transportation of oil, 
and for limiting the power of the oil 
companies over the consumer. The 
acquisition and distribution of oil 
must be placed under strict con-
trols, and slowly the interests of 
the individual will be met. 

LA URA A. RICHTER 

The Triton is Better Suited As 
tv1ascot than Cutesy Koala 

The UCSD Alumni & Friends, as 
well as most UCSD students I have 
talked to, are uninformed or 
misinformed as to what a Triton, 
the UCSD mascot, is. 

If Alumni & Friends had con-
sulted a good dictionary or a 
handbook of mythological tenns, 
they would have discovered that 
Triton was as follows : La. (Greek 
mythology) a sea god, son of 
Poseidon, represented as having 
the heaa and trunk of a man and 
the tail of a fish , and bearing a 
conch·shell trumpet. b . (later) one 
of a race of subordinate sea deities, 
s imilarly represented, attendants 

of the greater sea gods. (Taken 
from The American College 
Dictionary ). 

Only later was the name triton, 
(lower case "t") given to a 
number of marine snails having 
large, spiral, often colorful shells 
reminiscent of the shell Triton 
used. 

Although the Koala bear is 
adorable and is able to live in San 
Diego's fine zoo, being a native of 
Australia it hardly seems more 
suited to be the mascot of our 
ocean-oriented campus than 
Triton, a god of the sea. 

BLAKE SHAW 

" DOWN WITH DAN(;~ROUS ~UMAN RIG~TS SUBV~RSI ~ S I AI L ~AIL.. L.fNIN, MARl( AND ANITA BRYANT'" 

atudeldl caD direct aBe GI tlleir 
feet Into areaa of atadeat 
prefereoce, I.e: extension of 
library hours, gynecological 
services, improved social at· 
mosphere (Including top-rated 
concerts and other social ac· 
tivities) and etc. 

All of the candidates have had 
massive, wholesale "shopping 
lists" of proposed changes and 
services. These "shopping lists" 
are mere rhetoric without being 
implemented. I have the 
necessary expertise to 1m. 
plement the lists, which is 
essential to the success of real 
student control of student 
government. I have been in 
contact with all the UCS and have 
studied their governments. 
Berkeley is incorporated. If your 
president has the " know·how," it 
is a relatively simple process to 
incorporate, working within the 
present framework of student 

. goverrunent. 

I would like to stress that I feel 
I have an important quality of 
"approachability" necessary to a 
successful president of ASUCSD. 
This means both that : 

(1) I would be accessible to 
students and their ideas and 

(2) that I have the ability to 
succeufuUy appreacb University 
administrators. 

Incidentally, it should be 
pointed out that my opponent was 
not the only one who worked on 
the campaign that brought the 
ASUQ)D back to U~D. other 
candidates worked for it. I also 
worked for it. 

It seems appropriate- to 
comment here that my support 
has snowballed from the 
beginning of this campaign. At 
first, I was the "under-dog" and 
came from behind. My initial 
core support came from f new 
group of students that had not 
voted before because of dislike, 
or apathy·if you will·towards the 
system. 

There is a reason for this 
growing support. I believe that I 
offer action, enthusiasm and 
abilities that inspire confidence. 
These are the reasons for a 
stirring of new interest in student 
government. I believe I am going 
to win. We can do great things 
with this unique opportunity to 
run our government. I urge ALL 
of the students to come out and 
VOTE. 

STEVE GRADY 

$..... -
Open Letter to Revelle Students 

You. Missed Your Chance 
The excuses have been flowing for why there were so few students at 

the recent Revelle Convocation, from the MeAT to "I didn't think it was 
for students." The point is you didn't bother to find out. You missed a 
great deal by not being there, including a chance to get to know the new 
head administrator at Revelle, Provost June Tapp. 
. The complaint~ about Revelle also continue to flow - but only to the guy 
In the next seat 10 lecture. Two can do very little, but a "collective you" 
c~n do much. Only through workh,g with the faculty and adminstration 
Will we be able to make Revelle what it can be. 

There is a student follow·up committee being organized to act and react 
~o the Convocation. But it will only survive if the students join and become 
Involved. Are all of you content, or are any of you discontented enough to 
do something and help? Watch the Triton Times for details of the 
meetings. 

CHERIE JONES 
LAURA MABIE 

triton times 
David Elsen · e.ecutlve Editor 
Marl< Stadler - MM ..... Editor 
Alan Russetl • N_ Editor 
Ran Anbar • A .... IMI .......... EClitor 
SIlauna Slokes · ProcIuClion ... ..... 
Alec Nadel man · Auael ... H_ EClHor 
Joel C. Don · AalOdate H .. a Edllor 

ScOIi Sadil • AalOdate ..... EcItor 
T,m MacKenzie· Afta 1eI1I .. 
Ron Kalo - Co-aporta Eeltor 
Jon Halperin. Co-aporll EClltor 
Bill Brooks· Photo lillto, 
Sue Neelon • C"", EdI..-
Gary Ghlrardl - AchrwIIeIht M ..... 

Wedaesday, May 11, 1m 

Candidates... 
L Continued from Page 1] 

Grady said all AS sessions should 
be open so "all students will be 
able to voice their own opinions." 
Leifer reiterated the need for an 
ombudsman to serve as an ad-
vocate for the students and his 
plans for a q~rterly opinion poll to 
assess student feelings. 

On the subject of obtaining a 
women's viewpoint In the im-
provement of gynecological ser· 
vices at the Health Center Grady 
said he would solicit opinions 
from women through an opinion 
poll and establish a committee 
composed mostly of women. He 
said the service is fOl' women and 
their Input is crucial. 

Leifer said he would create a 
task force composed of AS officials 
and members of the Advisory 
Team. The task force would be 
composed mainiy of women. He 
feels that a careful examination of 
the Health Center would show 
extreme waste of funds. 

Veeps Speak Oat 
Pauline Breeden, Vice-president 

candidate, spoke in her opening 

Demonstration-
[Coutioued from Page 1] 

"It seems to be pretty effective. 
We're getting a lot of good PR from 
the press around here, and there's 
been newspeople in from TV 
stations and newspapers taking 
pictures and films and in· 
terviewing different people on 
what they're trying to do with the 
protest-which is to stop nuclear 
plants around the country, because 
everybody feels for many reasons 
that they just aren't safe and that 

. it 's going to poison the en-
vironment if they're allowed to 
continue." 

KSDT: Have they made aoy 
moves to close down the plant or 
make any sort of retribution at aU? 

"No, that 's still up in the air. The 
head of the FEA-Federal Energy 
Corrunission, said that he thought 
this demonstration might prevent 
other plants from being built 
anymore. So that was a very 
positive thing. I have to go now. 
The guard is coming to cut off my 
time." 

Spacelab._ 
[Continued from Page 1] 

"There is good evidence that 
some diseases attack particular 
regions in the lung because of the 
gravitational factors," he added, 
noting that adult tuberculosis tends 
to attack the upper regions of the 
lung because of gravity. 

"Gravity causes most of the 
blood to flow to the bottom of the 
lung," West reiterated, explaining 
that " this results in a higher 
oxygen partial pressure in the top 
of the lung and the tubercle 
bacillus prefers that environment, 
so it tends to have a predilection 
for the apex (of the lung)." 

But West hastened to add that 
the primary concern of their work 
is basic research and noted that the 
Spacelab is designed so that the 
scientific corrununity, as opposed 
to pilots and astronauts, can run 
their own experiments in the new 
frontier of space. 

MODELING JOBS 
How 10 sl.rt withoul modeling school . Sand 
snaplhot and $4. Ten-day money-back guar-
an lee. Fair enough ? TYPECASTING , Box 
15-2l Dept. 11 -31 . W.d.worth. /Illnol. 60083 

charier' 
Ovef 7776 chents Ifnce 1962 San DIego s 
moSI tltpellenced Chlrter Co 

EUROPE from '327 
AprIl"'" Doc. '77 

2.34.561024 *eeks duralion 10 9 Cilles 
No club! 10 JOIn no letS and SAVE 10 so-. 

HAWAII from '179 
Also New "'",10: . C"1CI9O Oflenl 

statement of the need for increased 
services·better child care, more 
TAs, complete health service and a 
better curriculum. She said the 
University "is supposed to 
enlighten people, not 'Cramp their 
minds within the narrow bounds of 
racism and sexism." 

Mark Sindler, the other VP 
candidate, opened by stressing the 
need to make the AS a government 
of the students. He proposed the 
establishment of an open forum 
whose decisions would be accepted 
by the AS council as bills. 

Concerning possible reg fee 
increases Breeden said the 
students, faculty and staff could 
work to prevent this. "Education 
should not be made available to all 
but the most elite," she said. S~ 
dler said that there is enough 
money statewide to handle the 
proposed increase and sees no 
reason for the increase. (Triton 
Times April 29). 

Breeden said with regard to 
student control of choosing George 
Murphy's replacement, ' "the 
students have this power already, 
we just have to implement it." 
Sindler would like to see an AS 
official on the committee that is 
choosing the replacement. The 
students must "work quietly, 
strongly and constantly to get what 
we want done." 

Laura Kerl and Brad Drexler, 
the two Commissioner of 
Academic Affairs candidates, 
consistently agreed on issues such 
as making Communications a 
department , increasing the 
number of tenured women faculty 
members, the library issue and 
greater student control of 

IrilUnllllM'S 

education but differed on their own 
abilities to implement these 
changes. Kerl talked of her ex· 
perience in student government 
and stated " getting tbir.~s done is 
the difference between Brad and 
I." 

Concerning women faculty 
members Drexler said " The 
University has a bias against 
women in many aspects. It must 
accept women on an equal basis." 
He also listed student input into 
tenure, greater access to education 
and the need for a student to have 
greater control over their 
education as issues that concern 
him. 

Kerl said students need to get 
involved in lobbying professors 
and departments to get changes in 
policy. , 

Steve Jason and James Lofgren, 
the two Commissioner' of 
Appointments and Evaluations 
candidates, both talked of ~ 
forming the students of the many 
different committees and making 
it easier to serve on a corrunittee. 
Both intend to use the media In 
or\ler to recruit students. 
.•...•.......................... 

~COMMUNrrY~ 
. . 

~LOODBANK~ 
. . 

: 983 India • 
327 FStreet 

PAYS DONORS 
for Service 

Mon . • Fri. 
233-5481 
234·4601 . 

...... : 

Mary is a loan interviewer at your 
University and State Employees Credit Union. 
Daily she comes face to face with people 
that share the same kinds of money needs 
you have. And daily she sees those problems 
solved quickly and conven iently. Mary likes 
her job, because Mary likes to make UCSD 
folks happy. 

If you or your spouse is employed 
through UCSD, then you 're eligible to take 
advantage of U.S.E. Credit Union 's low cost 

Page 3 

-------------------------, 

Get Rolled at the 
Spice Rack Restaurant! 

Present th is coupon with your meal at the 
unique Spice Rack "Garden" Restaurant in Pacific 
Beach and you'II get rolled. Free. Take home half a 
dozen of the tast iest home-made rolls or muffins 
you've ever met. Th is offer is good on Mondays 
through Thursdays. 5 p.m. to 10 p.m .. through 
4/ '1I,n7 .One per couple. please. 

YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE ~ 
A GARDEN AESTAURAlH 

M,ss,on Blvd . near Grand on PacifIC Beacl 
8 a.m .·2 30 p.m . and 5 p m .·l0 p.m. 

-------------------------~ 

Vote. 
JanlES A. Lofgren 

for Commissioner of 
Appointments & Evaluations 

"Experienced, dedicated, understands students needs" 

loan program. 
We lend money for nearly everything , 

and at among the lowest loan rates 
anywhere. People like Mary make your U.S.E. 
Credit Union stand alone in the financial 
field . And that means you can stand a loan 
from your Credit Union! 
P.S. Ask about payroll deduction . It will help 
you set aside money from your paycheck to 
payoff the loan automatically! 

(]) .•.• _. __ -' .. _ I 

University & State Employees 
Credit Union 

I •• ~~~U~ : 
L. _ . 

"Where you can belong for a lifetime" 
,-' 

Call on your U.S.E. Credit Union Today 



~.~c . •••••••••••• ~~ 
• ,< "fHe ~urf c!l/lair ~ ')J II 
I 1030 Toney Pines Rd . ~"/?' • La Jolla 0 'V ;; 
-\..;' a free crunchy topping with the purChO_JOf 

any yogurt. 

••••••••••••••• 

Career 
'Bartending 

School 

Meet the PEOPLE 
Work the HOURS and 

make the MONEY you want 
JOB ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE NOW 

FOR FULL and PART TIME 
Classes 

Days - 2 wks. - 80 hrs. 
Eves. - 4 wks. - 80 hrs. 

for a free lesson call 
297-5530 

2760 5th Ave. Suite 120 

Discount Auto Sound 
Does it Better! 

D'iulile Super Mini Cassens PI ave, 
6 watts of power It's small . built "ice 
a rocknoth,ng can match .t In ,1$ Price 
cianI reg 55495 

ONSALE $34.95 
. _., ':.J ,.~ 

!J 
£1 'h",' AurtlOVO oc a I n\(' ~ Srereo PI,Jver 
r, lI'Wau' f)~\,jood ell",n p"hNI'r All ~t.d~ 
y'lIfO 't, ~anual, Au'a Channtfl S"I<>ct 
t~~~ul;' PI Ice $54 95 

NSAlf $34.95 

Delu Co £1000 In OdS" solid n,n" 
Cdr C u.rlle lallJ' pldV'" Com ... 
wtlh A f!M MP)( UPIj'O radIo 
l.ld lal :P, ,one contrOl. r.tSt la''hufd 
.tnd ',e4' FantastiC lavlngl' 
Mig 11<1 ' was .29 95 

ONSALE $79.95 

Car Alarm 
VIbt'iI~A lafm gives you the uillmate 
In vehicle protect ion, inside as well 
OIS outside. Protects luggage ,ac~, 
tralter, bIke rack, The ben one ';lei' 
Come and check It out' 
Innallatlon aVeulable 

$34.95 

Sof"VO Oelullf" 413 AM FM 5'''11'0 
I,..)s~' "e JJla." .. , Wllh 1,J5' forw.trd. m,JnuJI 
,)fld aUla PII'CI dl end of I,ll~. 'CXo;JI 
(i15wnct' slI'WI"h tlnd tnort' 

ON SAL( $89.95 

The MEC 605 AM FM 8 T'Ki. SIt'ff'O 
Playe, hoi. G btq ""atn OfH ell')nn,,' .mel 
fedlufes dtl e~t"!,"8Iv s.e!lSI'''~t' FM 
lune, d ld oori8 T •• 'k:k k')ul1d fo, 
tOP ~I fo,m.lncP Ivear p,trl$ ,lnd 
IdOOr ",.".rllY $." ft5 

ONSALE , .... ., 

DISCOUNT AUTO SOUND 
1841 Garnet I Pacific Beach 

OPPOSITE FINE ARTS THEATRE 
INSTALLATION & REPAIRS. 272-9350 

......... h ... 'S Weellleacltll, 1977 triton times Page 5 

"Islands In The Stream" Artist Artschwoger 
... 

Sensitive Dramatization Amid L~s ckground IIlrritating" Tall~ Yields .New Perception of Images 
by Margaret Hewey 

Staff Writer 
Once again, another attempt has been made at turning a Hemingway novel 

intQ 8 movie-this time it's the posthumously published "Islands in the Stream." 
And to insure its success, the award-winning crew from "Patton" fame 

(Director Franklin J. Schaffner, Photographer Fred Loenekamp and Actor 
George C, Scott) has banded together to make the film. The results are almost 
successful. 

The movie deals with the central figure in the novel, Thomas Hudson, a twice-
divorced artist who has chosen a loner's life on Bimini, an island in the 
Bahamas. Leaving his ex-patriot's life in Paris before World War II, he settles 
into a beachcomber's existence as a painter-turned-sculptor with deep sea 
fishing as a hobby. 

The movie is formally divided with titles-"The Bahamas, 1940," "The Boys," 
" The Woman" and "The Journey." The arrival of Hudson's three sons in "The 
Boys" brings us into a family story which touches upon tests of manhood, a 
discovery of love and male comradeship. Here we are introduced to Hudson's 
gentler side, a man who loves his kids. 

George C. Scott is at his sensitive best in many of these scenes and reveals a 
tenderness which penetrated through the macho exterior. Director Schaffner 
tends to get carried away with reverent, god-like shots of Hudson the papa, 
however, There are overdone scenes of him surveying his sleeping sons at night 
much like a proud lion might survey his young. 

Action is brought into " The Boys" via Hudson's " rununy" friend Eddy (well-
played by David Hemmings) gUlUling down a shark that is about to devour the 
oldest son. Another action scene is the one in which Davy, the middle son, meets 
a challenge in a gigantic test of manhood-reeling in a marlin. 

After a lot of blood and sweat, the marlin gets away, but little Davy (James-
Michael Wixted) experiences two things-he grows to love his prey and he and 
Papa grow closer because of this heroic test. (A little hard to accept, but makes 
for a very touching scene.) 

" The Woman" introduces Hudson's first wife, Audrey ("The only woman I 
ever really loved") who pays him a brief visit. Claire Bloom gives a fine per-
fonnance as the formal " lady" who is the mother to the oldest son, Tom, and 
who was with Hudson in Paris when they were "dirt poor." 

She tells him of her impending marriage to a general as well as tragic news of 
their son's death. Shades !>f Patton escape from Scott as he asks his ex-wife 
when the marriage to " this military asshole" will take place. The scene 
provides some poignant moments as the past is stirred up-their happiness, 
their misfortune. 

Claire Bloom is joined by he r ex·husband·s young children . Michael·James Wixted 
[Ieftl and Brad Savage on his island retreat. 

The HOir Gorden 

lntroductorv Offer 
Student Special 

San Di go's finest professional 
Hair Salon lor Guys and Gals 
The Hair Garden 
Mckellar Plaza 
1250 Prospect , La J oll a 
Phone · 454·3077 
OD n 9 AM .-8 PM 
lO AM - 4 PM Sun . 

Overlooking La Jolla Cove-Ocean Front 

1---------------------1 Reg S 10. Shampoo, Cut $ 5 E 1 d & I oupon xp . on ilion ty e 5/12177 I I Long Hair extra I 
I.. INTRODUCTORY OFFER-First Time Only I 

--------------------~ 

George C. Scott is reunited 
S tream . . , 

son Hart Bochner in "Islands in the 

The final part of the picture leaving the island in "The Journey." 
He grieves over the loss of his and decides to go back to the states to 
be with his remaining SOrlS. 

His trip turns into an however, as he gets entangled in 
wartime problems by res,cuingJrWuge4!sbound for Cuba. 

Scott plays Hudson with precision. He is the center of at-
traction-the character the Papa, the artist-fisherman, the 
consciousness of the 

Scriptwriter Denne of the Hemingway dialogue and 
cuts the story down to two family story of a father and his 
sons, and an action story of refugees. It is unfortunate however 
that Director Schaffner gets with awesome shots of the beautiful 
tropic scenery. 

He makes his characters SeeaI CE!S of taMed sculpture posing against 
the bright blue sea or re are sudden c10seups of them as 
they say their lines or then a quick pulling away for a 
distant shot of the water and say, the audience feels distanced 
from the characters through shooting techniques. 

The fonnal directing style from the very beginning as Schaffner 
gives us a majestic look at awesome overview of the 
ocean, waves crashing on beach house overlooking the 
sand and sea. 

Then there is a reverent 
with his crew cut, beard ilH .... " ,dl 
beach. Later we are given a 
sculptures in the rain, the sea 

The movie is certainly 
Hawaii) and the photogr 
relate to each other, The stofYIl terestinll 
and action, but it seems that 
too distanced, a tab soapy. 

By Debbie Schwartz 
Staff Writer 

The ready-made " sculptures" or 
art objects of Marcel Duchamp 
were revolutionary in that they 
forced us to examine the methods 
by which we organize the world of 
objects and give meaning to them. 
The work of Richard Artschwager, 
contemporary painter/sculptor, 
extends this examination in a 
minimalistic vein. 

In a recent lecture at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art, 
Artschwager explained that in 
dealing with the basic 
philosophical problem of " what the 
hell is going on, the name of the 
game is name." His speech was 
irritating. Its flippancy assaulted 
our narrative norms. But then, it 
wasn't really a speech at all. It was 
a stand-in for a speech. 

How can a speech be a stand-in 
for a speech? Artschwager made it 
clear that he was reading from a 
" prepared text" and " read" was 
precisely what he did. His overt 
vocal inflections called attention to 

the fact that he was reading. In no 
way could I e audience forget its 
role as audience or the speaker's 
role as speaker. Identification 

. between the speaker and the 
audience was severed . Very 
irritating! But, irritation often 
leads to understanding. 

Identity as Art 
Artschwager began with the 

concept of identity. Establishing 
the identity of an object or person 
involves an "editing process on the 
totali ty of possibilities" through 
the "vehlc Ie of persona l am-
bition." He exemplified this idea 
by introducing the situation of one 
of his friends, Wanda Westcoast, 
whose life has been punctuated by 
a serie of changes in name and 
self-image. He finds names to be 

. " offensive" in that they assign a 
" fixed self-image" to the person 
and connote s uch ideas as m orality 
and social responsibility. It is 
"everyone's problem" to "deal 
with the public or private image or 
no image at all. " Artschwager 
personally soiv(>s this problem 

WIZards: Ambition Animation 
by Tim Mackenzie 

Arts Editor 
Ralph Bakshi, filmdom's foremost pusher of cartoons, has returned 

with another animated adventure called " Wizards." 
" Wizards" is an ambitious effort that tells the story of the Earth after 

ravages of nuclear holocaust, replete with a hostile mutant population 
that makes war on the other societies of the earth. Led by a fanatical evil 
wizard (Hitler reincarnated) who creates another Nazi society, the 
mutants attack the peaceloving elf and fairy populations. 

"Wizards" focuses on the antics of Avatar, an old but good wizard who 
attempts to wrest control of the invading Nazi forces from his evil wizard 
brother. 

Bakshl's work, however, is a strangely confused and convoluted film. 
"Wizards" attempts to deal with its audience in both an adult and 
juvenile manner and succeeds at neither. The battle footage is quite 
violent, replete with old Nazi war films silkscreened to give it a cartoon 
effect, while other scenes in the elf land and the fairy forest are Disney 
juvenile. The two styles just don't mix. 

Today • 
AS Officers and C,ollege Positions 

Today and Thursday 10:00-3:00 

Revelle Plaza 
Muir Commons 
Third Quad 
Fourth Dorms 

throu!lh h is artwork by "working 
and moving things and people 
about." 

" One of my premises or 
prejudices about art is t hat art or 
the world of objects tells you 
things, they're instructors," he 
explained. The slides that ac-
companied Artschwager's lecture 
told us ma ny things . They ranged 
from a photograph of bison in their 
natural habitat to a large ex-
clamation point with no habitat. 
Through a separation of an object 
from the psychological and 
physical space that it should oc-
cupy, more choices for in-
terpretation of the object become 
available. 

Artschwager 's experiments with 
the exclamation point best explain 
these interpretatory options. His 
hybrid three-dimensiona l ex-
clamation point inhabits various 
environme nts in its " evolution to a 
high-art context." It becomes part 
of a wall, a door, an air vent and 
some graffiti before it attains its 
" high-art" status of defining the 

Lessons 

space in a clean sterile hallway. It 
also undergoes changes of fonn, 
but throughout retains its "look at 
me" function of drawing attention 
to itseU. 

Artschwagel' began his career as 
a c abinet maker/furniture 
manufacturer. Much of his 
sculpture maintains his interest in 
the function of furniture. HIS 
sculptural pieces of furniture are 
stand-ins for the real thing. His 
minimalistic bureau tells us some 
of the same things that a bureau 
would tell us - to open and close the 
drawers and look in the mirror . He 
has also made " hybrid" pieces of 
furniture by combining such things 
as a ladder, a chair and a picture. 
some of these pieces will be on 
display in an " Improbable Fur-
niture " exhibition at the La Jolla 
Museum Qf Contemporary Art 
from May 20 through July 6. 

Amazing how an hour of 
irritation could encourage one to 
rearrange the furniture in the 
living room - or rearrange the way 
itis perceived. 

bonnie raitt 
plus special guests 
san diego civic theatre 

thurs. may 26 
Bpm 

all seats reserved 
$6.50 • $7.50 

TICkets allolloble at a ll TIcket ron outlets. and 
Center box offICe. 202 CSt . 

For information call 236-6510 
Produced by Pociflc PresentalJons 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

Univ rsity City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 

453·8030 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & IvanhOl 
La J olla . CA 92037 

459·97 11 



triton times WedDelday, May ll,lm 

RiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Need housemale June 2O-Sepl 20 lor own 
huge bdrm In LJ apt near UCSO. 5135lmo. 
Call Erir.a ~53-1675 (5111) 

Housing to sh.e prf, lemale lor house with 
large yard Encinitas May 1 $125 per mth Judy 
aller 10 am 436-2220 (5111) 

One mar F roommale own room In lully 
lurnished , luxury, La Jolla lownhouse. 2 
bdrm 2 blh shag carpeling throughout , 2 hId 
pools sauna PIlI patio Iree parking avail 
immedlalely 147 mo. 1-436-9850 keep Irylng 
please (5 I 13) 

Live In a lumlshed room all summer! Condo 
in quiet Playmor mid-June 10 whenever call 
Pete at 45!>-O589 (5111) 

a .... lna .Drlb Counl, Ind UCSD .•. 

PREVENTIVE OPTOMETRY 
Specializing in Water Soluble 
and Flexible Contact Lenses 

Orthokeratogy 
Visual Perception 

"50 Cam ino Del Mar Suile B Del Mar 
For on Appointment 755·5484 

One M or F roommate own room In lully 
lurnlshed luxury La Jolla Townhouse. 2 bdrm 
2 !JaIn shag carpeting Ihroughout, 2 htd 
pools, sauna, pvl paliQ Iree parl<ing. 4vail 
Immed $147 mo. 453·2700. Keep trying. 
Please 

Roommate needed! Beautilul hou .. right on 
the beach In Del Mar call Nalhan at ~53-2888 
its a big single I 

Visiting pro lessor will need 3 bdrm. lur-
nished house or apt. lor 6 mo., maybe 
kmge. , Starling July 19n. Pi .... call Kalhy 
Clark, 453-7500 ><3481 (519) 

Female rmates to ahare oo-ed Encln horne 
t06 , ul ii. Cleanliness essential 753-1'621 
Eves. 

Needed Female roomy lor summer 611 -9/11 
Clairemonl area $100 mo. 'UIIlI1IeS Call Pam 
270-8031 (5 I 23) 

fOR SAlE 
74 Kawasal<1 250 F-11 only 4,000 miles. 
Excellenl Condlllon. Plus helmet. Only 5450 
Of besl oller. 272-3382 (5 I 16' 

Surfboard 7"[' Ligh ting Bolt $70 new lull 
length wet suil $60 Yamaha 125 Enduro $50 
Call Randy 753-21 02 (5113) 

Mo-peds · Cheap Iransportation • new & used 
- priced 10 suit your ways & means . Merchanl 
of Mo·peds 2226 Avenida de fa Playa La Jolla 
Shores. 454·9682 Tues"lhru Sun. (5111, 

• Chevy van 7210 m iles $2500. Mercedes 23067 
perf Inlerlor $3400. 488-1678 alter 4 pm (5118) 
Mercedes 67 230 53500 excl. Inlerior. Chevy 
van 72 52400 low miles low blue bk ph 488-
1678 Opal , pb (511 3' 
69 VW Nu rblt eng nu rblt Irans nu rbll 
compu lr greal cond nu brl<.s 100 S1050Ibesl 
oller 453· 7537 Kcv (5111, 

Gibson Les Paul DLX and Les Paul Jr. 5325 
each . Good condition. Steve 454-8435 (511 1) 

Mercedee 67 230 $3500 excl. Interior. Chevy 
van 72 52400 low miles low blue Ilk ph 488-
1678 Opal , pb (5113) 
Gibson Lee Paul 0lJ( and Le. P ... I Jr. S325 
each . Good condition. Steve 45'-&135 (5111) 

69 VW Nu rblt eng nu mit tranl nu rblt 
computr greal cond nu brice 100 $1 0!i01 but 

oIter~53-7537 Kev (5111) 
Mo-peds - a.- tranaportalion - new' _ 
- priced 10 sull your ways" maana. Merchanl 
01 Mo-peds 2226 Avenlda de la Playa La Jolla 
Shores. 45'-0882 Tuee thru Sun . (5111) 
LEO ZEPPELIN Tickets Greal Seats call 453-
6233 

Toyola 19i2 green , AC, auto, 4Dr looks and 
acts like new, $1650. now or beat oller In 
May . Call 461-8708 (5/19) 

67 Dodge Van · Bubble 74 engine rebuilt 
transmission carpet must sale 453-4100.aeo 
459·7806(5118) 

1971 BMW R5015 motorcycle lairlng new 
lires 42,500 runs strong, smoolh $t400 Tom 
Bieler 453-7965 

BAD co. I! BAD co. II BAD CO.!! BAD CO. ! I 
GREAT SEATS. Rows 3 , 4 $15 each I beet 
oller. Jell 452·9823. 

72 Dodge Darl Cuslom has air, tapa deck, 
many olher extras. S2000 or best oller Call 
Elio11453-893O 

All books for Poll Sci t 5!Hncl. one's 
bookstore doesn' l have. Call Eliot 453-8930. 

WANTEd 
Someone to pull weeds once or Iwice a week. 
52 .5OIh .. al Solana Mar ApIS., 309 Solana 
Hills, Sola na Bch. 755-4682 (6112) 
Need extra cash? Paying top dollar for U.S. 
Silver coins before 1965. Also buying old 
Coins. Call Ken 755-7371 (611 2) 
Patienls needed lor a 6 month investigation 
01 a new, soft, contac t lens. Call 272·2211 lot 
inlormation (611) 

Roommale needed I Beautiful hou .. right on 
beach In Del Marcell Nalhan at 453-2896 Its a 
big singlet 

Sandals, handcrafted shoes rnoccaslna made 
10 your feet 481-l18n J .... Clark shoemaker 
1342 Camino Del M. (5/21) 
Fourth Cottege Sludents, don 't miss Ihe 
Weslgate ..... 1·lorrnel Friday May 13. For . 
more inlo call45~4582 (5113) 
Support free papa , pelvics at UCSO,..-slgn 
petitions' poslcards at Revelle Plaz.(5111) 

Musiclans·lnlerested in 77·78 pap band? 
Meal Thurs 51126 pm LOUNGE CONF RM 
OR CALL Colleen 453-3044 (5111) 
LOST: 

Purple Book 
Cinema Series 
Marey-Mo •• _nt 
REW4RO 
l. Hock 223-n86 

Interviews wanted wilh parsons who have 
been subjects in MEDICAL EXPERIMENTS. 
Media article. Send pertinent lacts to PO Box 
t7307 , l.A., CA, 90017 or call (213)-480-0836 
(Sial) 
Calplrg local board will meet Thurs. May 12 
al4 in lhe new 011 Ice at KSOT. 

O.HW.F. Congratulalions a quarter century 
Is . quite an achievement love you very much 
the Minx. 

THE WET NOODLE GANG LIVES!!! 

VOle James A . Lofgren lor Commissioner 01 
Appointmenls and Evaluations. 

Volunleers needed 10 Ihrow Jell Tesluk In 
Revelle Founlaln 5112. If InlereSled call 453-
7537 ask for Joe. 

Free 10 kind soul - a Irue wonder dog! 10 lb. 
fm l, vry well-mannered, has shOIS! Eddy/6 
pm on 273·6083 (5113, 

You shouldn't have to 
change banks every time 
you change 6festyles. 
Graduation is one time you .change lifestyles. But it's certainly not the 
only time. 

[t happens when t,.'0U move. It happens when you get married. 
[t happens when you have children, take a new job, and so on. 

The point is, you shouldn't have to worry about changing banks 
every time it happens. 

And if your bank is Bank of America, you don't have to worry at all. 
For starters, with over twice as many locations as any other California 

bank, we're usually close b!,t If you're moving, it's easy to transfer your 
account to whichever branch is most convenient for you. 

W,e also offer a wide range of checking and savings plans to fit your 
changmg needs. Ltke our AII-in ·One' Checking Plan which gives you a 
variety of services in one simple package. When your application for 
BankAmericard and Instant Cash is approved, you get unlimited check. 

writing with no minimum balance, personalized checks, our handy Check 
Guarantee Card, BankAmericard; overdraft protection; and commission· 
free BankAmerica Travelers Cheques from our California branches _ 
all for just $2 a month. . 

Chances are whatever changes you make, we're one bank that can 
keep up. We have Consumer Information Reports to help you keep up, 
too. Including "HOIAI To Establish Credit:' "HO\.V To Prepare A Personal 
Financial Statement;' "Money Management For The Two·lncome Famil~" 
"Income Tax Organizer," and more. 

Why not stop by and talk things over. We serve more Californians 
than any other bank - in school, and after. And we'd like to serve you. 

' If you qualify 

Depend on us. More CaHfomians do. m BANK 
OFAMERICA 

Bank of America NT&SA . Member FDIC 

-. .................. 

Wedaesday, May 11, 1m triton times 

IFYOU'RE THINKING ABOUT THE 
NUCLEAR NAVY, 

THE SHIP SAILS ON MAYIS. 

One of the best ways to get 
into engineering is to get into 
the nuclear Navy. But you'd 
better get moving fast. May 
15th is the deadline for this 
year's Navy Nuclear Propul-
sion Candidate Program, 

The Navy can give you 
the most comprehensive 
nuclear training possible. 
Because we operate over half 
the nuclear reactors in -
America. We start by giving 
you a year of advanced engi-
neering technology, This 
would cost you thousands in 

graduate school, but in the 
Navy, we pay you, 

Once you're commissioned 
as a Navy Nuclear Officer, 
you'll earn a top salary. Over 
$24,000 a year after four 
years. And you'll get practical 
experience on the most 
advanced nuclear equipment 
devised by man. All the Navy 
asks in return is that you 
serve for 3 years on active 
duty upon completion of your 
training. 

But remember, May 15th 
is the deadline for this year's 
class. If you are majoring in 

NAVY OFFICER. 

engineering, math or physi-
cal sciences, find out from 
your local placement office 
when a Navy recruiter will 
be on campus. Or call toll free, 
800-841-8000 (in Georgia, 
800-342-5855) for more 
information. If you're still a 
junior, ask about the 
Navy's NUPOC Collegiate 
Program, which pays you up 
to $6,000 during your senior 
year, And hurry. Time and 
tide wait for no man, 

Ii .. NOI JUST AJOa,ll .. AN ADVENTURE. 

Page 1 



PaleS 

TT <lAssifiEds 
A BARGAiN AT ANY PRicE 

EspEciAlly 2~ CENTS 

FREE ADMISSIO 

Wednesday. May 11.1177 

CmminlQuun Retums 
Cagers to Face Tough 1978 

By Steve Gould 
Staff Writer 

While glancing over UCSD's 
varsity basketball schedule for the 
1977-1978 season, one is most likely 
to reason that the only simple thing 
about the 'll game slate is the blue 
mimeograph paper it's printed on. 

Of course the Tritons will play 
the usual 10 NAIA District III 
Southern Division contests against 
USIU, Point Loma, Cal Baptist, 
Azusa Pacific and Southern 
California College. Other than that, 
U~D's foes for the upcoming 
season present a strong challenge 
for coach Barry Cunningham, who 
returns after a one year absence. 

The 76-77 Tritons, under the 
direction of interim coach Dick 
Satterlee compiled a dismal 4-24 
record, a 1-9 in league play-losing 
to, among others, Colorado State, 
Wyoming, Denver and NCAA 
Division II Regional CHAMP Cal 
Poly San Luis Obispo. 

, 

gcimes are Chapman College on 
Jan. 31 and highly-touted USD on 
February 18. 

The 27 game schedule for 1977-
1978 offers one of the most difficult 
in UCSD's 10 years of in-
tercollegiate basketball. Somehow, 
our low-key basketball team will 
take the court against many 
schools that do heavy recruiting 
and run a high pressure must-win 
program (or the coach's next 
paycheck will come from the 
unemployment office). 

In Cunningham's four year 
tenure at La Jolla, he's built a 
basketball program from no~ 
scholarship players who came to 
uam to study and playa little ball 
on the side. His 1974-75 team 

featured three all-(iistrict players 
and qualified for a regional playoff 
berth, only to see an ineligibility 
force them out of post-season play. 
And Cunningham's lifetime record 
at UCSD is only a shade below .500. 
Not exactly the miracle-worker, 
but still quite a feat for a school de-
emphasizing intercollegiate 
sports. 

Last year's squad saw player-
first year coach squabbles and 
numerous other conflicts ruin a 
potentially good season. But next 
year's team, back under more 
solid leadership, will highlight 
seven or possibly eight returning 
lettennen. If the season were to 
start tomorrow, the starting line-
up would look like this : 

6'6" Lee Brockett, a junior from 
Verbum Dei HS and 6'5" 
sophomore Mark Runyan (who 
averaged 8.5 points and as many 
floor burns per game in 76-77) at 
forward. Bart Bradely, a 6'1" 
senior from Scottsdale, Arizona (a 
red-shirt in 76-77) and six foot soph. 
Tom Omalev, who started and 
played well in many games last 
season at guard. At center might 
be Runyan, while 6'4" senior Bob 
Frazier or 6'4" soph. Tom 
Nicholson might also crack the 
line-up at forward. 

to plilY BINGO at 7727 Girard Ave Marv ~ti'lT (If the' ~(>" 
tmd<; 2Sc per game All game pav 70 % c(lllc>ct(>n PI;", 1 
2;) gilme . 

A very weak UFE College hosts 
UCSD's season opener on 
November 26 in Los Angeles, but 
from then on, with few exceptions, 
it's all uphill. The Tritons host Cal 
State Northridge, an NCAA 
Division II team on Nov. 29, UC 
Irvine (Dec. 3) and a vastly im-
proved Cal State Dominguez Hills 
team (Dec. 10). The rest of 
December matches up UC Davis, 
Hwnboldt State, defending NAiA 
District Champions Westmont, 
Redlands and Dominguez Hills 
again. Any NAIA team could use a 
few breathers after that type of 

But the season doesn't start 
tomorrow, it begins in six months, 
which is plenty of time for Barry 
Cunningham to do some recruiting 
and get the Triton's basketball 
team back on the right track. And 
with some sturient and community 
support, UCSD might surprise a 
few cage experts by coming out 
ahead in 78. 

Every Tuesday 7 pm 

~ i Mike, Dick 
. inaugural month. 

10% DISCOUNT 
on any purchdse with this coupon ad 

We w,lIH YOll to try J new dimension 
In soup & sa lad restauran ts. 

But coach Cunningham's squad 
goes south to battle TCU on Jan. 3, 
a member of the tough South-
western Conference and three days 
later Southern Mississippi, who 
beat the Tritons in 1976 by 21 
points. 

iTopTrikes 
.d' ; The team of Mike Griffin and We make our own soups and offer 

a chOice of four, a thick casserole, 
salad bar , meat sandwiches or quiche. 
For dinner, after 5, we add an en t ree . 
We also serve b er , wine, and great 
desserts. 
Our prices are low; example : 
soup or sandWich & salad bar ... S2. 59 
Salad bar or sandWich & casseroip ... S2.95 VIa,,_ 
a A.M. to 10 P.M . Dail y 

7610 FA Y AVE . LA JOLL A . (714) 459·0504 

After UC Riverside, UCSD 
begins league play on January 20 
at home against Cal Baptist, who 
have beaten the Tritons seven 
straight times, dating back to 1975. 
Sandwiched in between District III 

1443 La Jolla Blvd 
454-3038 

Mark Runyan goes up fo r a jump 
shot during the 76-77 season. 
Runyan will be a key to n winning 
Triton effort in 78. 

Men & ~men -- we specialize in haircutting only -: 

Dick Duncan were the winners in 
the fourth annual UCSD trike 
races. Richard Rothschild's and 
Paul Jarvis' "Triken Tots" took 

second place honors . Dean 
Williams and Chuck Wright won 
the third place trophy. Dean's cup 
winners for first place went to 
Revelle college, represented by 
Cheryl Grier and Matt Gerlach. 
Second place went to Fourth 
college students Marty Conoley 
and Beth Cullun. Leo Hurtado and 
Becky Santillen of Third college 
took third with Dean Jim Beck1~y 
and Karen Kirchner taking an 
honorable fourth. Beckley is the 
only dean to have ever participated 
in the UCSD trike races more than 
once. 

-----Valuable ----------------~--------------------Valuable -----
Calculator - Giveaway 

'ENTRY BLANK 
name ____________ college ____ _ 

$ address ___________ 1.0. _____ _ $ 
phone _______ (Drawing will be held Thursday 5/12) 

Hewlett regular retail 
Packard • 25 value 

$145°0 
---------------------- Bring to boxes in Bookstore------------, £ -r-

. l( UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE &)J~ 


