
Revelle : Students must "Learn to 
I 

Learn II Different Human Values 
Roger Renlle. 

by Bert Lee 
Staff Writer 

pressions on the University's past and future. 
Founding fatber's vision 

III 

The term often brings to mind a hunched-over scientist, 
intent only on his work and his calculator. 

The name Roger Revelle, however, means much more. 
, 

lThis is the first In a two-part interview with Roger 
Revelle. The second part will appear in the final issue on 
Friday.] 

TT: Dr. Revelle, what was the vision of the founding 
fathers of UCSD and what did they believe the function of an 
institution of higher learning should be? 

Revelle: When this university was born, we who were 
involved with it initially thought of what a college education 
should be. Remember, those were optimistic times; times 
of rapid change and unlimited horizons. 

~ 
e 

CD 

iii 
o (5 
-a. Revelle is currently the Richard Saltonstall Professor of 

Population at Harvard University and is the former 
director of the Harvard Center of Population Studies. He 
served as Director of the Scripps Institute of Oceanography 
from 1960 through 1964 and was a professor of 
oceanography from 1948-1964. 

We believed that the object of a college education was not 
to acquire a body of knowledge, but to " learn how to learn." 
We felt that in the rapidly changing world of our times, few 
of the so-called facts one learns in college are likely to be 
useful, or even true, ten years later. But what would be 
permanently useful is the language and the logic of a 
science or a humanistic field, and also the demonstration 
that it is possible to learn something new that is not already 
known, in other words, to make discoveries. We wanted to 
show students that the search for discoveries is an exciting 
and satisfying adventure. 

lie 1= 

His expeditions into the Pacific contributed to knowledge 
of oceanic processes and the geology of the sea floor and in 
1963 the National Academy of Sciences awarded him its 
Agassiz Medal for " outstanding achievement in 
oceanography. " 

should contain humanists and artists and both social and 
natural scientists 

During the 19508 Revelle was instrumental in starting the 
San Diego campus of the University of California and in 
1965 the Regents named the first college at San Diego in his 
honor. In addition to his professorship at Harvard, Revelle 
is also professor of Political Science and Public Policy at 
uam. 

'IT: What were some of the specific ideas with which you 
began? Was the conception of the college cluster system 
formulated at the time? 

In addition, each small university would have both 
graduate and undergraduate students and there would be 
as little distinction as possible between graduates and 
undergraduates. Undergraduates would participate with 
the faculty in research, so that they must be given an 
awareness of the unknown. Our purpose was to make 
colleagues of our students in the great adventure of lear-
ning. 

Studeots-"Learn to Learn" 
TT: You mentioned that at UCSD, the students are en-

couraged to " learn how to learn." Is this how the idea of 
introducing students to not one but several disciplines was 
conceived and consequently, the goal of educating 
"Renaissance" men and women as well? 

Revelle: We thought that the new university should be 
organized as a group of small, semi-autonomous univer-
sities, side by side. 

As he is so much a part of UCSD history, the Triton Times 
felt it appropriate to interview Revelle and get his im-

Each of our small universities should be large enough to 
provide a liberal education for its students. Its faculty Continued on Page 3 

UC Faculty Senate 
Approves Changes in 
Entrance GiJidelines 

The University of California 
Assembly of the Academic Senate 
voted last week to institute several 
changes in undergraduate ad-
missions standards. 

give additional weight to test 
scores as opposed to high school 
GPA. 

Gradeflatlon 
This is being done because of the 

The plan, which must be ap-
proved by the Regents, will 
become effective fall quarter, 1978. 

so-called '''gradeflation''--high Green Thumbs on Camnus grades for essentially mediocore t! 
Included in the plan is a 

provision that would make the 
grade point average (GPA) in 
required high school courses count 
six times the weight of test scores 
for those students with a GPA 
between 3.0 and 3.1. 

Currently, under UC regulations, 
students whose GPA in required 
courses is between 3.0 and 3.1 must 
earn a total score of 2,500 or higher 
on the Scholastic Aptitude Tests 
(SAT) and three achievement 
tests. Students who have a GPA of 
3.1 or better are eligible for ad-
mission, with test scores on 
required entrance examinations 
not used as entrance determinants. 

The University terms the change 
as one "made in an effort to im-
prove the reading, writing and 
mathematical skills of entering 
students, skills which these tests 
measure." 

Essentially, the move is thought 
of as one which will in the future 

Rally on'UC 
Holdings Set 
For Thursday 

A second rally to protest 
University of California in-
vestments will be held next 
Thursday at noon on Revelle plaza. 

The rally, sponsored by the 
Campus Coalition on Apartheid 
and University Cutbacks, is the 
second to take place this month. 
The protest this week has included 
the picketing of Chancellor 
McElroy's office and also an arm-
band campaign demonstrating 
"SOlidarity" with the South African 
freedom struggle. 

Endorsing the rally is ASUCSD 
president Jeff Leifer who said, "I 
urge all students, faculty and staff 
is attend the campus protest 
against UC investment Thursday. 
The mo,'ement to get the UC out of 
South Africa concerns all people, 
especially students, We cannot 
condone our money being spent to 
support racism anywhere, least of 
all South Africa. \1 urge all of you to 
corne." 

performances, which is making it 
difficult to judge the "true" level of 
applicants. It is often seen now that 

stu~nts coming out of high school 
with high GPAs are unable to 
perform college-level work. 

'Grow Your· Own at the Organic Garden 
As for future dependence on the 

test scores, the University states 

By Dorothy Houston 
Staff Writer 

that, "Studies will be made on the "Ask me a vegetable question!" 
effects of this change and ,on cried Muir sophomore Lauren 
students admitted generally. to Davis, the white chicken feathers 
determine subsequent use or ad- in her hair resting on her 
justment of the formula ." shoulders. 

Also approved by the Assembly Davis, a section leader for the 
was a measure giving applicants Contemporary Issues Wilderness 
the option of presenting scores on class, is one of those keenly in-
either the SAT or American volved with the UCSD organic 
College Test. garden north of Third College near 

The new admissions. formula will Genesee. 
also eliminate the current option to " We have all types of 
present achievement test scores in Everything!" she gestured with a 
either mathematics or science, sweeping motion of her hands. " If 
requir:mg math scores for all, it grows, we have it." 
effective fall quarter, 1978.. Just looking at the garden 

Another long term result IS ~e . confirms this. In between the rows 
requiring of ~ fourth year of high of squash, tomatoes and 
sChO?l . English .composltion for strawberries are profuse blooms of 
admissIOns startlJlg fall quarter, wildflowers along with the "sacred 
1980. 

The changes were recommended 
by the Board of Admissions and 
Relations with Schools (BOARS), a 
faculty committee to which the 
Academic Senate has delegated 
authority for regulations regarding 
UC admissions requirements. 

Controversy Over Changes 
Controversy surrounds some of 

the proposed changes, as they 
seem to totally reject the 
recommendations made earlier 
this year by a University task force 
appointed by UC President David 
Saxon. 

The task force recommended the 
standardized tests be dropped as 
they were termed " discriminatory 
against minorities." 

However, the University has 
given repeated assurances that the 
requirements could be tightened 
without unfairly discriminating 
against minorities and are being 
instituted only to help stem the 
"declining fre hman standards." 

banana tree, lemon tree and rose 
bush"-three lucky holdovers that 
were spared when the gardeners 
moved in. 

And not just plants grow at the 
garden. Eighteen chickens and 
three ducks "graze" for insects 
and .snails around the perimeter. 
"Butch," the sole rooster, spends 
his ~ime eyeing visitors and 
planning possible attacks. 

Members of the Wilderness Class 
and UCSD Organic Gardening 
Society work the garden. 
Additionally , any individual 
related to the university can plant 
and many take advantage of the 
opportunity. 

The purpose of the garden, ex-
plains Revelle senior Michael 
McClune, coordinator of the 
Gardening Society, is to " Dromote 

'" 

organic gardening and en-
vironmentally sound lifestyles." 

A "Closed System" 
A goal of the experimental 

garden is to produce a closed 
system in which all parts of the 
garden fit into a cycle and no un-
natural products are added. The 
chickens control the bugs instead 
of pesticides (Davis explains that 
the land is so fertile it produces 
enough for the bugs too) and rot-
ting vegetables are fed to the 
chickens. Weeds are composted 
and horse manure from La Jolla 
Farms is used for fertilizer. 

The Wilderness Class uses the 
vegetable garden to provide food 
for the potluck dinners held for 
guest speakers. " It's an example 
of partial self-sufficiency," says 
Davis. Also the garden plays a part 
in the teaching of the class. The 
spice and herb garden is utilized by 
the sections dealing with folklore . 

Davis described the garden a,fa 
cooperative effort and talked fX 
"work parties" where everybody 
puts up fences , hoes weeds and 
plows. " Women do the heavy work 
too," she adds. 

Future plans for the garden 
include using chicken excrement in 
a methane digester to produce 
energy in order to, in turn, cook the 
chickens. Butch may go first. 

While the garden is in use all 
year, McClune would like to see 
year round operation using the 
methane disgester and the 
greenhouses (made from scrap 
materials ). 

Those interested in the UCSD 
OrgE.!nic Gard ning Society can 
contHct McClune at 481-9974. 

Erratum 
~I~S:~ ~ Th Triton Tim made an error 91 ~ in its Monday, pa e two headline of 

CD th I tter ubmitteCl D' the ew 
;;;;;>~~ ~ Indicator. Th headlin i.ould; 

a have read "N w Indicator Defends -
;aiiiil~~r; ~ It Political Beli fs On KKK." 

Allen Parducci, Chairman of · 
BOARS, stated that he hopes the 
increased emphasis on test scores 
will encourage high school 
students to learn those skills 
necessary for admission instead of 
taking courses in which good 
grades are easily achieved, Laur n David and MIke McClun 

The Triton Times regrets this 
error. 



... el 

tt1~t!mes 
Unsigned e~itorials represent a majority opinion of the Triton Times 
Editorial Board, which is composed of Executive editor David Eisen , 
Managing editor Mark Stadler. News editor Alan Russell , Advertising 
manager Alec Nedelman, Production manager Shauna Stokes and 
ASSistant Managing editor Ran Anbar. All signed material and artwork 
represent the author's opinion and do not necessarily reflect the views of 
the Triton Times , 

Go to Rally, Pr.otest 
UC Aid to Apartheid 

In last quarter's campus-wide referendum, students recommended 
that the University of California sever all ties with the white-racist 
nations of South Africa and Rhodesia. In tbe past few weeks, students on 
several California college campuses have demonstrated on the same 
theme. 

The Board of Regents owns stock in severnl multinational corporations 
that do business with the South African government. UC investment 
dollars therefore are going to help prop up a minority government that 
regularly oppresses the blacks who comprise a majority of the South 
African population. The argument made by American corporntions is 
that their inve tment money keeps those blacks employed. 

We don't buy that argument. Rather, we agree with UCSD sociology 
professor Anthony Ngubo, who said at a rally bere last week that 
Americ3n investments have helped the South African government to 
"strengthen its oppre sive machinery." 

We believe the university should use its investment dollars for more 
constructive purposes than perpetuating apartheid. Last week, 350 
students who feel the same way rallied on Revelle plaza, in conjunction 
with similar rallies held throughout the state. The rallies have had an 
effect: the Regents sent a letter to corporations in which they bold stock, 
asking what steps they have taken to end racist practices at their South 
Afrif'an plants. 

Another rally has been scheduled for Thursday at 1I00n, on Revelle 
plaza. II you care that UC money is being used to perpetuate apartheid in 
South Africa you should show up and let the Regents know. 

Letter to the Editor 
Professional Bike Thieves 

Lurk Just Around the Corner 
I wish to bring the following sequence of events to all UCSD bicycle 

owners; 
1. My bicycle was parked and locked at the Bio-Medicallibrary at4pm, 

May 21. 
2. Ipm, May 22, I discovered my bike stolen, someone had attempted to 

saw through the chain and had broken the lock and taken the bike. 
3. A report of loss was made with the UCSD police. 1 :30pm. 
4. Ipm, May 24, the stolen bike was sighted behind the UCSD bike shop . 

(where the air pump is situated) - stripped, with some of the parts, i.e .. 
fenders, wheel rim, pedals and UCSD bike shop tools lying beside it. 

5. When I informed the employees of the bike shop that the frame 
outside was part of my stolen bike, they denied any knowledge of the 

Continued on Page 7 

SECOND SOLE SAYS YES. 
WE GIVE YOU MORE THAN A NEW PAIR OF AlHLETlC 
SHOES. ONLY SECOND SOlE GIVES YOU A FREE RESOLE 
WIlH EVERY PAIR OF AlHLETlC SHOES YOU BUY' 
Whe 1 au Purchdse New Adldas T relor n Nlke Lana K ,SWISS Brooks New 

Bala~ T'g'" A~an , Saucony Elontc Alhlellc Shoes You Gel 'A FREE Fac' 
'ory ') [jlnill Re,ol~ A S I 0 95 Value Free And Our New Shoe PrICeS Arc AS 
Low 0 Lower rhan AnywhPr(' Else In San Diego So Stop Gelling Ripped 011 
An() Sl uI BUYI",! Yow N£'w Alhlellc Shoes From Second Sole We Give A 
FREE he,ok> w,,,· Your Purchasp 0 New Shoe, It S Like Gelling TWO PAIRS 
FOf THE PRICE OF ONE 
9A f ,!1! tsole- on all Sftt>el. u.c:. =:'0 /'II", free resol.u on cleats . splice! or se/~ shoes 

SE : OND SOLE 
IS :;"N DIEGO'S 
ONl'I FACTORY 
RE 30LING 
SE 'WICE. 
Wf RESOLE ANY 
MAKE OF ATHLETIC 
SHOE FOR JUST $'O.9!>7 

NOW TWO LOCATIONS 
4643 Collpge Ave IColleg' Ave and EI Cajon Blvd) Opentnq June 11 
4941 A Clatr mont Dr 273·0773 
I rth Ciatr mont SQuare) 

triton times WedDnday, Jaae 8, 1m 

Open letter 

YSA Defends. Stand on Zionism 
It is not our purpose to become 

involved in a marathon debate. 
The YSA has submitted two ar-
ticles to the Triton Times (April 20 
and May 18), relating our Ideas on 
condemning the policies of Israel. 
After the first, a certain Ralph 
Grunewald of the Union of Jewish 
Students responded. He called us 
" anti-semitic" and grossly 
distorted the meaning of our 
statements ab!lut Israel's trade 
relations with South Africa. We 
submitted a thorough counter-
response (our second article), 
which corrected his specious 
claims. 

But the obtuse Grunewald could 
not be pacified. He had another 
article printed in the Triton Times 
(June 3). This time, in his eyes, we 
are not just "Anti-semitic" (a 
vilification even one of his fellow 
UJS members told us he disagreed 
with ), but are " misguided, 
blatantly anti-semitic (and 
therefore racist)," Surely this is 
too much. 

Grunewald's second letter was 
even more outrageous than , his 
first. He also asserts that he made 
"a careful reading" of our second 
article and then accuses us of 
" hypocrisy and double stan-
dardism" for " justifying" Third 
World nations' trade with South 
Africa when we condemn Israel's 
role. We feel the evidence indica tes 
that he made a very superficial 
reading of both our letters. Con. 
cerning his allegations, there are 

. many things we wrote which he 
chose notto consider: 

1. He chose to ignore how we 
stated that we completely support 
the rights of the Jewish people to 
live anywhere in the world they 
want. We just do not support the 
ultranationalistic movement of 
politic.al Zionism which denies the 
same right to the indigenous 
Palestinians. 

2. He diose to ignore what we 
wrote about there being many 
Jewish members in the YSA as 
well as the Socialist Workers' 
Party (our fraternal organization). 

economic. relations with South 
Africa are the powerful, in-
dustrialized Western nations. The 
YSA helped build the "US/UC Out 
of South Africa Rally" of June 3. 
Did Grunewald or the UJS? Of 
course not. 

4. He chose to ignore our ex-
planation that we pointed out only 
Israel's trade relations with SA, in 
our first article, because the 
subject of the article was Israel. 

5. He chose to ignore how we 
explained that we spoke of the 
increasing trade relations not as a 
subject in itself, but as one 
illustration of something more 
important ; the close friendship 
that has developed between the 
Zionist settler state and the Boer 
settler state. There is no friendship 
between South Africa and the 
Third World nations it trades with. 

We also charged tbat during 
World War II, American Zionists 
opposed the lilting of immigration 
quotas for Jews escaping the 
Holocaust, because it interfered 
with their goal of a future Jewish 
state . Grunewald calls this 
"another Big Lie". But other than 
just talking about "J ewish Law", 
he gives no concrete proof. 

Nor could he have, for our 
charge is factUal. An example is 

Zionist leader Itzhak Greenbawn, 
head of the Jewish Agency Resrue 
Conunittee. In 1943, he declared to 
the Zionist Executive Council, "If I 
am asked 'Could you give, from 
United Jewish Appeal moneys to 
rescue Jews?' I say 'No; and I say 
again, No.' In my opinion we have 
to resist that wave which puts 
Zionists activities in the second 
line." At the same time, the 

. Socialist Workers' Party was 
demanding "Open the Door!" 

At the end of his article Grun-
wald says, about Jews in Palestine, 
" If 2000 years of ... settlement and 
history are not requirements for 
legitimacy, then perhaps nothing 
is ." Two thousand years? At the 
tum of the century, Palestine was 
only ten percent Jewish. Before 
that the percentage was even 
smaller. Jewish ~lonization of 
Palestine is almost exclusively a 
'Twentieth century phenomenon. 
Grunewald has nothing to say, of 
course, about the indigenous 
majority who had lived there for 
two millenia, whom the Zionists 
pushed out and keep out. But that is 
precisely the point. Grunewald is 
the perfect el<.ample of the type of 
chauvinism we vehemently op-
pose. 

YOUNG SOCIALIST ALLIANCE 

-------------,-

I 3. He chose to ignore how we slated that the main nations we 
really "single out" for their 

.. -.:"-- . . .... --.--.~. -------- ~i 

Reg Fee Committee Shows "Indifference" 
To Women's GYAecological Health 

The Feminist Coalition has been actively at- and the demonstrated support in the 1800 signatures 
tempting to eliminate the excess charge on women's did not even phase them. 
pap smears and pelvic exams. If you are one of the We are outraged by the indifference and narrow-
1800 people who signed our petitions, this is to infonn mindedness of the committee. Obviously student 
you of recent developments. interests are not taken seriously by this ad-

We attended the meeting Wednesday night of the ministrative body. 
AdviSOry Committee on Student Fee Programs in We refuse to accepttheir claims that these services 
order to present our petitions and demands. The can only be provided at the expense of other student 
committee was not receptive , and at times was benefits . 
hostile, to our ideas. Their main argument was that Paps and pelvics at no excess charge are our right. 
gynecological services constitute preventative We will not let this struggle die. Show your active 
medicine and thus cannot be covered \ly student support by filling out the fonn on this page and 
health insurance. The other eight UC campuses, depositing iti n the designated slot to the right of the 
however , have been able to provide these services Women's Center door, located in the Student Center 
without raising the reg fee. complex. Or mail it to the Feminist Coalition, c/o the 

The members of the committee told us that your Women's Center, 8-023. 
1800 signatures were irrelevant and insignificant. The The reg fee committee felt pressure Wednesday 
reg fee committee supposedly represents the night. They don't know what's coming next fall. 
students' interest, yet the presence of fifteen women TIlE FEMINIST COALITION 

II···················································· ... • • 
• • 
• • • I support paps & pelvlcs at no excess charge. Please contact ma during • 
• the summer to vvork with you on Fall quarter actions . • 
• • • • • • 
= Name Phone = 

• • • Address • 
• • 
• or mall to Feminist Coalition • 
= clo the Women's Cent.r, B -023 I 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Wednesday, JUDe 8,!lm 

Revelle ... 
Continued from Page 1 

Revelle: Well, "learning how to 
learn" and developing 
" renaissance men" should not be 
cohfused. The key thing about 
"renaissance men" is that tbey 
didn't know very much since there 
wasn't much to know, Today, the 
situation is entirely different. Each 
discipline is now so complex and 
full of substance that it is very hard 
for a person to know everything in 
his own field, let alone things 
outside his field. 

So the "renaissance man" 
concept, as he is usually in-
terpreted, namely is a person who 
knows something about a lot of 
different things, is also liable to be 
a very superficial individual. That 
is why I felt that the function of a 
university from an educational 
point of view was not to teach 
students to "learn how to learn;" 
not to learn a lot of facts, but to 
learn how to solve problems. This, 
in turn, means that in our time, 11 
" renaissance man" should be 
familiar with different ways or 
paradigms of thinking of different 
disciplines and not be concerned 
just with remembering a If men 
and women can develop an un. 
derstanding of different ways of 
viewing the world and how to 
combine these in an in-
terdisciplinary fa~hion, he will 
then perhaps be able to introduce 
something new that will benefit 
their fellow human beings. 

Lack of Intellectual Respect 
'IT: Speaking from the student 

perspective, there is evidently a 
basic lack of conununication and 
lack of intellectual respect bet-
ween the faculty and the students. 
In essence, students are told , "this 
is the truth, memorize it." Facts 
and figures by themselves do not 
add up to a satisfying learning 
experience. 

Revelle: If you are saying there 
is too much distance between 
students and faculty, I agree. That 
is why I believe that learning 
should be a co-operative effort, 
where the faculty- and the student 
are working together on something 
that is unknown . That it why it is so 
important for a student to " learn 
how to learn" in order to un. 
derstand different human values 
a~d viewpOints of the world. But 
that takes time and patience and 
also a love for learning in itself. If 
students remain motivated and 
decide to continue in education, 
they will find that the " facts and 
rigures" will in time take on more 
meaning as they develop their 
ability to learn . 

But it is a good thing that 
students are asking questions 
about what is true, for they will 
find that even if -they become 
academic experts later in life, that 
this questioning is a never ending 
process. 

•.... .•.•.•.••••••..... •......•• 

~COMMUNITY~ 
~LOODBANK~ 
. . . 
o 
. 

.' o 
983 India 

327 F Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for Service 

Mon. - Fri . 
233-5481 
234; 4601 

•• ••••••••••••••••••••• ~ ••••• ' 1' 

, SAIL THE 
GREEK ISLANDS 

I need a female companion to 
silil lh C re k Islands, end of 
June (Private Boat). Very 
inexpensive and no trings 
alta<.hed 

-Hurry 755-8754 
. Joe -

triton times 

Local NAACP Head 
Against Forces Busing 

by Reed Alpert 
Staff Writer 

Dr. Charles Thomas gently guided the conversation away from in-
tegration and onto the subject of quality education. 

"The evidence. is extremely unreliable that integration improves 
quality education," he pointed out. " I see no significant.changes relative 
to the movement o{ students." 

Thomas is a professor. of Urban and Rural Studies at UCSD. He is also 
on the Citizens Advisory Corrunission on Racial Integration and is 
pr8sident of the Sail Diego chapter of the National Association for the 
Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) . 

The Triton Times recently interviewed him with the idea of discussing 
the recent reports delivered to the San Diego Board of Education by the 
Citizens Advisory Commission on the subject of achieving racially 
balanced schools in San Diego. The commission suggested that a year of 
voluntary integration take place before any mandatory busing be or-
dered. 

Are you in favor of mandatory busing? 
" Of course not! " Thomas replied. "My concern is obtaining quality 

education and integration doesn't necessarily lead to it," he continued. "I 
have seen too many good people come out of situations that aren't in-
tegrated. " 

He listed some of the factors in a quality education. First, is the 
physical, psychological and social well-being of the student. Children 
learn by watching the people around them, he says; there must be proper 
role-models for the students to emulate . Next he mentioned that students 
must be competent in reading, writing and mathematics at their grade 
level. Finally, he mentioned that there must be options open to students. 
If a student wants to learn in a group situation it should be available . 
Students showing a need for individualized attention should have access 
to it. 

He is careful to pomt out thata quality education is an issue for students 
of all races. Students in an all-white school suffer from a lack of cultural 
rounding too, he says. 

"We live in an everchanging, technological, multi-cultural society. I 
favor the removal of all social obstacles that deny equal opportunities. 
That means justice, freedom, all the social ideals." 

Mary is a loan interviewer at your . 
University and State Employees Credit Union. 
Daily she comes face to face with people 
that share the same kinds of money needs 
you have. And daily she sees those problems 
solved quickly and conveniently. Mary likes 
her job, because Mary likes to make UCSD 
folks happy. 

If you or your spouse is employed 
through UCSD, then you 're el igible to take 
advantage of U.S.E. Credit Union 's low cost 

Page 3 

Attention 
Muir Students!!! 

Last Bash 
Marshmallow Roast 
at La Jolla Shores Beach 

Thursday, June 9 

Meet in front of the Muir Residence Hall Office at 7 :00 pm for 
transportation on t he Coast Cruiser! 

Marshmallows provided - bring your own hanger to roast them , 
kazoos , guitars. flutes. frisbees , whatever! 

loan program, 

Sponsored by the ever-active 
Muir Program Boord 

We lend money for nearly everyth ing, 
and at among the lowest loan rates 
anywhere. People like Mary make your U.S.E. 
Credit Un ion stand alone in the rinanc ial 
field . And that means you can stand a loan 
from your Credit Union! 
P.S. Ask about payroll deduction. It w ill help 
you set aside money from your paycheck to 
payoff the loan automatically! 

[][]~~ ~ NCUA 
Uaivenity & Stat. Employ"s 

Credit U.I. 
" Where you can belong for /I II)'etime" 

453-5620 
can on ,our U.S.E_ Credit Union Toda, 

.-. ..-



">I ' ftD. 'Jkgurl J1,!foir ~" 
•

. 1030 Torrey Pine. Rd. €o~~ 
La Jon. 0 r 

.\..;t ClI fre_ crunch, toppi .. witll til. plrellal_ of 
.. , yogurt. . ' 

••••••••••••••• 

tntoR tilDe8 
Klnko'-. , I%e 
Copl .. 
1505 Yz "-ft. 
PoInlL_. 
224-1323 

No Minimum 

713 Turquol .. 
P8CIllce.ch 
~1S62 

5'" College A ... 
NUllO S.D. Slat. 
... ,. 

cha,Ie" 
0." 7776clten,unce '!eO! Son Diego', 
most e .pe1'lenced CharIer co 

EUROPE from '327 
.. 1111 ... ·71 

2,3.4,5.610 24 'l'etfcs dullfl()fl 10 9 clttft 
No club510 lOin. no lees and SAVE ID 6()1'\ 

HAWAII from '179 
Also New "'twX, ChiclQo. Orlenl 

REVELLE GRADUATION 

PARTY 
at 

LI'IWI'LE BAVARIA 
For All Revelle Grads, 
Srs. and Friends 
Thursday, June 9, 1977 9:00pm 
$2.00 Cover Charge 
Must Be 21 Or Over 

On Becoming Q St~r ... 

Hart Bochner: · Home Boy Makes Good 
by Dorothy HOIIItoa 

Staff Writer 
During the outdoor Interview he 

spoke to three passing women. "Call 
me tonight," he called to two of 
them. He then turned his dark good 
looks to me and continued his 
professionally smooth voice. 

Whether he intends to or not Muir 
junior Hart Bochner (appearing in 
the major motion picture " Islands in 
the Stream" with George C. Scott) 
fits almost perfecUy into the easy-
going, handsome young movie actor 
role, 

Bochner, son of movieITV actor 
Uoyd Bochner was selected to play 
Scott's eldest son in the movie 
during the sununer of 1975. He spent 
the following fall quarter filming in 
Hawaii. "Islands in the Stream," 
based on the Hemingway novel, is 
Bochner's first professional job. It 
opened recently in San Diego. 

When younger, Bochner had "just 
a little" exposure to the studios. His 
father never actively encouraged 
Bochner to act. Bochner explained 
why: " You're as good as your last 
picture, nobody cares about how 
intelligent or nice you are, the art 
world doesn't matter intellectually, 
you're a commodity." Bochner 
continued to say that the acting 
business is a very insecure field. 
" The potentials for work are not 

another (Ibn. "It was a great film. Yet Bochner, who had been 
learning experience and I was on my .'It\llrll~" like crazy" during winter 
own. It was something I was com- said that he loves the work 
pletely devoted to," he said . the people , But he is bothered In 
Because of. the experience of doing ways with public reaction to 
film and of the promotion activities "It's interesting how the 
he was involved In, Bochner said he no longer treats you as one of 
is more able to speak up and masses; I'm just as normal as 
generate discussion. He added that nelt person," he said. 
his ability to make people enjoy One might elpect that flying 
themselves has been enhanced. the country promoting the 

Bochner's father told him he would interrupt Bochnef's 
would be exploited while promoting But he boasted of 

greatat all." -'-"_.JII 
But Bochner is already to do 

grades for winter quarter and in-
dicated that his college life hasn't 
been interrupted. " I enjoy college," 
stated Bochner . 

Bochner feels fortWlate to have 
done a film with Scott. He described 
him as a great acting teacher and a 
paternal figure . Both got along well 
during the filming. " Scott's 
disgusted with motion pictures," 
said Bochner. "When we finished the 
film he said to me 'you've done it, 
now bea doctor." 

Rather than display a " rush-right-
out-and-get-known" attitude to his 
future in acting, Bochner is taking it 
easy. He is not interested in doing 
TV. "TV's the downfall of society, 
it's a form of media that exploits the 
public," he explained. "TV's not 
concerned with creativity," 

Bochner went on to say that he 
would never do anything he wouldn't 
be proud of. 

Bochner is currently a literature 
Ill<Ijor and will be finishing his un-
dergraduate work in Colorado or at 
Stanford or UC Berkeley. He is not 
happy with the literature depart-
menthere. 

A long term interest of Bochner's 
is to direct and produce films . This 
interest, Bochner said, is one of the 
reasons he enjoys acting. He also 
said that no matter how successful 
one is, it shouldn't alter his values, 
one should be the " same honest 
person." 

Recent Aspirations To 
Flounder Lil~e Led Zep 

in Rocl~ & Jazz 
Playing the Fool - Gentle Giant 
(Capitol ) 

Art for art's sake would be a 
dandy premise for expressiveness 
if it didn 't serve as an excuse for 
th~ kind of self indulgence that puts 
off philistines like myself. Gentle 
Giant has always been one of the 
better progressive rock bands 
around-their technical skills are 
equal to their musical fancies, 
With the release of this double 
record live set, on which they 
reprise the best known work from 
their previous albwns in versions 
considerably more slovenly than 
the originals, I reached my 

saturation point. 
Simply, Giant indulges in its 

strong points too much. The in-
. cessant intricacy, the relentless 
counterpoint, convoluted melody 
structures and the strident vocals 
that struggle over the 
arrangements become irritating 
after a while and one garners an 
impression that the band is in a 
stiff Ii pped rut. 

Some variance in their material" 
would help, like shorter songs, less 
ambitious arrangements, more 
earth based lyrics, grainier vocals, 
anything that would bring their 
intellectual endeavors down from 

Does it Betterl 

Deluxe Super Mini Cassella Player 
6 wans 01 power-It "s small , built like 
a rock nothing can match II In Its puce 
classl ,eg. $S4.95 

ON SALE $34.95 

ll··ruxl' Audlovo'l a ·trec" Stereo Plaver . 
6 WilliS of good clean power All slide 
oonlrol., M~nuill. AUlo Channel St.!1~Ct. 
tteqular Price $54.95 

ONSALE 534.95 

Or.lu.u 9000 In ·d.lIh solrd Slale 
ca, cauelle tape pia"", Comes 
With AM,FM.MPX SU!f~n radiO 
bah,nclt. tone oontrol , f.u forward . 
and .,.CL F."tau,c saYlngtl 
Mfg. "ft was' 29,95 

ON SALE $79.95 

Car Alarm 
V,bra·Alarm give. you the ult imace 
In whlcle protection, mllde as well 
iH outside. Protects luggage rack , 
traile, . bike rack . The bell one yeti 
Com. Ind check" Quel 
InSlallatlon available. , 

534.95 

Sunyo Oelu., 413 AM·FM Stereo 
"JueTte p'aver wuh ' 3S1· forw.ud , m~nUill 
.tnd auto eject al end of tape, local 
cilSlance swuch and rnOre 

ON SALE 589.95 

The MEC 60& AM·FM a·TrlCk STereo 
Player has 6 big wailS per chann.' and 
fe .. ,ures en .xtr,mely sens. ln" FM 
Tuner end good a·Track sound 'or 
tOP ".rform.nce. 1·year PM" ~d 
labOrwarr,nCy. $'" 85 

ON SALE I~"" 

'841 Garnet, Pacific Beach 
OPPOSITE FINE ARTS THEATRE 

INSTALLATION & REPAIRS. 272·9350 

s ([3alloons, That is .. ) 
its Apollonian conceits to a level 
where it might do some good. 
Those unfamiliar with Gentle 
Giants are sqggested to refer to 
their studio work, especially In A 
Glass House, Octopus and Free 
Hand, in order to hear them when 
they were surprising and' 
delightful. Playing the Fool shows 
nothing but supercompetance in 
stasis. B Minus. 
Musicmaglc - Return to Fore"er 
(Columbia) 

The Chick Corea-8tanley Clarke 
praxis has left jazz rock and now 
seeks out the area of sweet melody 
and sublime lyricism. Unfor-

It All 
Adds~ 

tunately, Clarke sings on this, not 
good. Further dismaying are the 
horn arrangements, which com-
bine Chicago at its most deludedly 
arty and Chuck Mangione at his 
most self conscious, worse still. 
Worst of all , Corea and Clarke seek 
to live up to the poll winners hype 
that calls them, respectively, the 
best keyboardist and bassist in the 
world. This is a slick, refined, 
emasculated product aimed at the 
college audience, with superior 
talents condescending towards a 
relatively virgin market. I think 
these guys are assholes. D. 

- Ted Burke 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

Member 0' F 0 , C 

University City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego. CA 92122 

453·8030 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & I"anho~ 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

459-9711 

........ uhl .. os 

For a hard-hitting break during 
finals week, San Diego will play 
host to that 'Little 01' Band From 
Texas ' ZZ Top, appearing at .the 
Sports Arena on Wednesday, JW1e 
15. 

ZZ Top has broken dozens of 
records for concert aUendance. 
Last year's ZZ Top 'World Wide 
Texas Tour' sold over one million 
tickets and was classified as the 
largest stage production show on 
the road. The tour reached more 
concert fans than any other tour in 
the history of rock and roll. Not bad 
for cowboys, huh? 

Crosby, stills & Nash return to 
San Diego for a concert at the 
Sports Arena on Thursday, June 
30. 

Peter Frampton headlines a date 
at Anaheim Stadium on July 6 with 
supporting acts Foghat and J . 
Giels.Band. 

Serving Norlh county Bnd DeSD ... 

PREVENTIVE OPTOMETRY 
Specializ ing in Water Soluble 
and Flex ible Contact Lenses 

Orthokeratogy 
Visual Perception 

1 '50 Com ino Del Mar Suite B Del Mar 
For on Appointment 755-5484 

SUl11mer Session 
Par"ing 

Parking permits are required" on cam'pus 
during the summer months. 
Parking regulations remain the same as 
during the academ ic year. 
Summer session permits may be purchased 
at the cashier's office, Me 401, beginning 

PaleS 

the second week of June .... Or you may 
purchase an annual 77-78"s"(student)permit. 

NOTE! 
"S" (Student permits are not valid at S 10 

(Scripps Institution of Oceanography) during 
the summer except on weekend and holidays 
in the south lots only. 

If you need additional information please call parking 
services on x4223 or stop by Building 400 on Me. 



Pate' triton times Wedaesdlly, JuDe 8, 1tT7 

~ iYON TiMES ClAs5ifiEd Ad5 
For Sate By Ovmer. o.Ilghtful 3 bedrm, 2 
bath home In Shores. 2 billa from beKh, 4 
bloclla from Scrippa instllute. Charming 
livingrmlbeamed celilngllireplace, 
dining,m, plus dinetle olf large sunny kH-
chen. 2 car garage with auto door. Securlly 
System $152,500.~710 (6110) 

Backpack Lg nylon never used wl walst strap 
nu . S60.oo Now $35.00 Paul 75!>-3805 (6/8) 

Triumph TR4 bit eng. Gd transmission new 
lOP plus more Call 260-8180 (618) 

1964 Int' l Scout 4X2 low miles, in good mach 
shape. $400 call 755-7818 (6/8) 

Allec Speakers 12" Base 2 1/2" high ex-
cellent condition! $300 per pair or? 
Guarantee 755-7150 (6/10) 

Dynac04tO power amp. 2OOw/ch. Rms80h-
ms excet. condo A definite requirement fOf 
good music $260 755-6493. (611 0) 

Sony 7055 Rec Sony 5520 Tble. 2 JBL L26 
Srks. $500. 753-2768 (6110) 
Stereo AM I FM radio with turntable and 8 
track tape player. ~teve 453-4078. Keep trying 
01 leave num. (6/8) 

TOYOTA 68 AUTOMATIC TRANS. 4DR, 90K 
MI . LEAVING CALIF-MUST SELL. CALL JIM 
755-0793 $200 OR BEST OFFER (6110) 
Sony PS-77 Automatic turntable. Dust cover, 
wOOden base. bcellent condition. $75 or 
best offer. Call Shannon at 453-7672. (6/8) 
1970 Carryall V-8 A.C. AM I FM, new battery, 
tires, shocks, hitch & many xtras. Must sell 
Pryia 75!>-4076 (6112) 

. . 

Speakers ESS AMT-3 rock monllora warr8llty 
stili valid call e_ Ie.". name and pIIone 
$550 75!>-8332 (6110) 
LED ZEPP--must selill 4 tlckets-g,.t seat. 

, floor center LA Forum 6127 mllee any oller 
453-8~6 (6110) 

Led Zeppelin Is coming. Gcod floo, seats at 
good prices. Call and find out lor yourself 
453.()87S (611 0) 
76 KAW KZ 400 exc luned exhau.t 45!>-9017 
or 453-8425 VIC (6/8) 

Electric potter's wheel excellent condo $175 
call Peter755-4879 (6/10) 
'69 VW Bug. Rebuilt engine needs some work 
seoo. Gall Julie 284-7997 or )(3755 (6110) 
Large Men's 10-speed $70 used. It was $170 
new In Nov. Must sell . Beth, 453-1387. (6110) 

Oarkroom worktable $10. Metal bookshetf $5. 
American flag '$2. Wrestling shoes ($10) $5. 
481-8019(6110) 
Bala Natural History Cruise 10 Island. In Sea 
01 Cortez. 25 Jun. - 2 Jut. $325. Contact F. 
Rokop225-4BB X4770 (6112) 
Double bed wlframe-gOOd condition. Chair 
Inctuded. $25.00 for both . 453-5845 (6110) 

Stereo System-BSR turntable, cassette deck, 
and either two speakers or four. $125 or offer. 
Pete 452-9781 (6/10) 
CRC handbOOk of chem and physlcs-53rd 
Edition . Good price. Call Jeff - 453-5257 . 
Leave N. (6110) 

Tektroni. type 611 storage display unit like 
new. $1600 Bill 753-7253 Evening . 

Guitar-nylon string great shape $25. Gall 
Dave at 755-4106. (611 0) 

Desk 4 drawers ~ gOOd condition ~5 
single bed Include. box springs mattress and 
frarne S15. 452-1220 (611 0) 
Led Zep Ticket. BeSI olfer Loge Sect. 23 
Peler 583~1 or Ed 26"2~ (6110) 
Led Zeppelin' tlckets good sealS call 453. 
6233. 

Furniture: Couch and chair, bed , bunk bed , 
chests 01 drawers, vacuum. 452-8367. 

housiNG 
P.B apt. near beach. Need F roommate lor 
summer only. Quiet non-smoker 21 ·25 yrs 
preferred. Own room. share bath. No pets 
please. Call 272-1939 after 5, all day 
weekendS . (6110) 
Roommate needed mid-June 10 end of Aug 
own room In Clalremont house laurie 278-
6704 (6/8) 

Grad needs 1 person to share PB apt own 
roem , bath 135mo 483-4519 Jim (6/8) 

Need roommate lor summer or tonger in PB 
close beach own room $127 & 'h ul ll call 488-
t878 Mike (6/ 8) 

Roommate (5) , M or F wanted. Own room , 
$100 per month. Del Mar house, furnished 
call 75!>-1406 (6110) 
2-3F roommates needed fOl Del Mar duple • . 
Own room ex location call PAM 481-8389 
after 5 pm (6110) 

F roommaie wanted summer only own room 
lurnished $106 a month utllinciuded Del Mar 
755-7366 (6110) 

2F roommates wanted for next school yr In 
G.H. condo $62.50 + utils non-smoker 453-
5259 or 453-7495 (6/1 0) 

. 

Led Zeppelin ticket.-good tickets .. 8118bIe. 
For San Diego and Los Angeles 488-7418 
(6110) 
Female roommate wanted, own room, bath, 
nO pat., on bus line, Del Mar Heights, $1l!O. 
Month Deb 48t-8019 (6ftO) 

ANYONE wishing to get rid of • summer 
mesa conlract please contact me. Jeff 453-
8018. 

Need 2 females 10 live In 3 BDRM house In 
Del Mar. Beautiful all-wood house with 
everything furnished. One block from beach 
on Coast Blvd . Keep Irylng 755-8644 (611 0) 

Summer sublet. 1 BR apt. Large lurnlshed La 
Jolla close to beach shops July thru August 
$350 mth 459-5187. 

I need a studio or a room In a house or 
apartment fOf the mcnth of July UCSD grad 
Michael 452-8967. 6110 

Female roommate wanted lor summer & 
school year. Quiet, neat, nonsmoker. Own 
room & bath. Pool. Jacuzzi, walking distance 
to UCSD. S130/mo. Call 45:Hl253. Ask fOl 
Kerri or leave message. (SI lO) 

Naadresponsible roommate 107.50 + 'I:z uti . 
4 btks to ocean . Own room P.B. Gary 272-
8359 (6/tO) 
Own room In 2 bdrm Pacllic Beach. Great 
place I bk. from beach $172 furnished 483-
t678(6110) 
Male Christian mate needed to share 3 bd 
condo wlpool se7/ mo + 'A uti! near 
campus. Calt 452-8976 5 pm on (611 0) 

SERviCES 
Expert typing, term papers , Iheses, resumes, 
etc. Reasonable rates . Village Secretarial, 
1205 Prospect , Suite 260 , 454-6316. (611 0) 

HERE'S ONE ENGINEERING OPPORTUNITY 
YOU WON'T GET IN PRIVATE INDUSTRY. 

Enroll in the Navy's Nudear Propulsion Program 
OPEN TO ALL SCIENCE MAJORS WITH 1 YEAR C~LCULUS AND PHYSICS 

CALL OR WRITE 

ALPHARR 
NRD SAN DIEGO NTC SAN DIEGO 

CAUF 92133 (714) 293-6444 

Typing for buslne .. or school. Accurate, tast 
efficient . R ... onable hourly r •••• Nora ~ 
3528 (6110) 

Typing Ma,llyn would like to lulflll your 
typing needs expert , reasonable, has IBM 
new. 270-8728 (61 10) 
Math grad will tutor calculus sequences one 
& two . Can be available oyer finals . $5 1'8' 
hour 753-8!l52 (6110) 
Tired of alilhose split ends? Give your hair. 
treat with a genuine Fuller too% Boar Bristle 
Hair Brush. For Fuller Brush Service, call 
276-7687 and leave name & no. (6112) 
TYPING IBM SELECTRIC term papers 
theses, Ph.D. dissertations, edltlngs, RUSH 
JOBS - 453-0656, 560-8171 , 452-1588, 266-
4936. (6112) 

TRAvEl 
Vacation I Am looking lor easy-going , ed-
venturous person(.) to go backpacking thru 
Sierras or bicycle riding thru Western states 
this summer 4-8 wks start July 1 (or so) get 
together pany June 3 7 pm In Encinitas. 753-
2137. (6110) 

WANTEd 
Wanted ! Grad students must be bilingual 
Eng.1 Span. in business or Econ. for 12 wk. 
fulltime summer Internship. Gall W.t.C.H.E. 
Collect 303-492-7177 (6/13) 

Anyone Interested In pan or full time em-
ployment guaranteed wage of $4 1hr. 
Customer service. Must have own trans-
portatlon . Perfect fOf summer employment. 
San ~Iego Area. 276-7687. Leave name and 
number. (6110) 

What are you doing after finals? Limited 
number of Zeppelin tickets available In Loge 
Sec 16. 453-1229 (6/10) 
Women interested In consciousness-raising 
group over summer call Vonnor277-5373 
Evenings .• 

Driver wanted fOl Toyot. stick 1974 to W 
Mich igan June 19 or after. 459-21191 (6/10) 

Ride needed to Boulder 01 Denver Colorado 
June 14 thnJ 16 will share gas and driving 
Tama481-7432. 

Have any philosophy texis? I would like 
Ihem. Call me evenings at 222-5021 Jim 

Handball parlner(s) to play 2 or 3 times a 
week. During summer. X2619 Steve (6110) 

Wisc Judge calls rape " normal" reaction to 
se.ual permissiveness protest this action 
sign petition at libraries Women 's center & 
Edna. 

Tired of all those split ends? Give your hair a 
Ireat with a genuine Fuller 100"10 Boar Bristle 
Hair Brush. For Fuller Brush Service, call 
276-7687 and leave name& no. (6/12) 

Attention sports car drivers: Fed up with 
police radar? Now you can do something 
about it-- IIght back!!! Super snooper, Ihe 
most sophlsllcated radar delector on the 
market. as seen in Time Magazine and 
Playboy Is now avaIlable In SO eXClusively 
through this dlstrobuter. Call 276-7687 and 
leave name & no (6112) 

Need extra cash? PaVIng top dollar for U S. 
SIlver coins befOfe 1965 Also buying otd 
coonS Call Ken 755-7371 (6112) 

Pre-dents ' Come to pre-denIal meeting Tues 
" .30 at old resident counselors office Argo 
Hall . 

Where s my calculator? Corvus 500 reported 
tobeat thelT office turn It In or call 270·7332 
6pm . 

Free Film-The Doubleday, a documentary on 
working women In La tin Ameroca . Thurs. 6/9 
in USB 2722 8:00 

PARTY !!I Revelle Srs. and friends live music 
at Little Bavaria. $2.00 cover must be 21 or 
over (6/8) 

Lost -SOCiOlogy 143 report on undergrad. 
education at UCSD taken from sociology 
office start of QIr. Info In repan has high 
personal value. Please return to TT office Of 
call Bob 452-1206 No quest. 

Ice Hockey. Once again we play Thurs (6/9) 
10:30-t2 for info Ron 755-8211 . 

CH ILDREN'S SCHOOL 
OF THE 

LAIOLLA 
JEWISH COMMUNITY 

Needl t .. ch .... tor fall .. _.ttr. 
Contae1 A. Friedlander 1281-5574, 
- ·1 

Wedaesday, JUDe 8, 1tT7 triton times 

Added Heillht Should Help 

Triton Sign Two in B'Ball 
by Steve Gould 
Staff Writer 

It might be just what the doctor 
ordered. Varsity basketball coach 
Barry Cunningham told the Triton 
Times last week that 6'7" Brian 
KeUer and 6'81,2" Brad Conyers 
wiD enroU at UC San Diego in the 
fall and be eligible for the ul>' 
coming Tl-78 season, 

Keller, who prepped at Boulder 
High School in Colorado, is traIlS-
ferring from Eastern New Mexico 
University, where he was a star-
ting forward in 76-77, His ex-coach, 
Sterling Gibson, says Keller is "a 
solid kid, a good outside shooter," 
Last season in 14 contests as a 
sophomore, Keller averaged 6.5 
points per game and 2 rebounds, 
"He can't get off his shot quick 
enough and is a little slow," Gibson 
said in a telephone interview, " but 
he's an asset to any team because 
of.his gre~t attitude." 

Keller plans a major in biology 
as a preparation for dentistry 
school at USC, where his father is 
an alumnus. 

Conyers was . a second-string 
forward last season for Rio Hondo 
CoUege in Whittier. He never 
played high school baU due to a 
painful leg bone disease. "Brad 
had showed tremendous im-
provement and is eager to learn," 
says his JC coach Bob Bland, who 
added " he has average mobility 
and fair shooting but doesn't jump 
weU." While playing for the 
Roadrunners, Conyers scored just 
1.4 points and 1.5 rebounds per 
game. Because he was still lear-
ning the game, Rio Hondo's offense 
literally excluded Conyers from 
the ball, (UCLA did the same with 
Swen Nater, who didn't play 
basketbaU until he was 17 years old 

and now starts for the NBA 
Milwaukee Bucks) 

The Tritons have never had a tall 
team and even though the two 
recruit's statistics aren't overly 
impressive, Cunningham's 
analysis of Conyers summed up the 
pair's possible contribution to the 
team: "He's no super but he should 
help," 

••• 

NET NOTES-Varsity Cager Joe 
Greenstein has been selected to the 
1977 Canadian · Maccabia Team, 
which will play in the Maccabia 

Thieves ... 

Games in Israel during July. 
Greenstein, a 6'2" sophomore 
guard and a Canadian citizen, also 
qualiIied for final tryouts of the us 
team but opted to play for his 
native Canada. The US team in-
cludes Gary Rosenberger, starting 
gua rd for NCAA Champion 
Marquette; Brad Davis, an all-
ACC guard for Maryland; Lewis 
Cohen, an aU-CCAA guard for 
NCAA Division II semifinalist Cal 
NCAA Division II semifinalist Cal 
Poly SLO and Joel Kramer, a 
starting guard for San Diego State. 

Continued from Page 2 
matter, and could offer me no assistance except the use of the phone to 
caU the police. 

S. The police arrived at the scene and as we entered the shop one of the 
employees reiterated that he knew nothing of the stolen bike, and that he 
was working on a Schwinn bike inside the shop. 

7. At that point I noticed my gear levers, front derailer, kick-stand, 
chain guard on this Schwinn bike he was working on. Other parts of my 
bike were lying on the bench, 

8. So far the bikeshop has been reluctant to co-operate with the police. 
If anyone has any knowledge of this incident or has had any similar 

experience, please contact Murray Penhollow at the campus police. The 
stolen bike was an orange Volkscycle Mark V. 

In the mean time, remember there are professional thieves at UCSD, 
TSE-LING FONG 

Lost or Looking for Summer Jobs? 
We can help, Interviews held Mon. June 6 at 1 and 4 pm, and Tues., 
June 7 at 1,4, and 7 pm at University Lutheran Church lounge across 
the street from Revelle on La Jolla Shores Dr, 

Dr. SlrangalOve 
Is COmlng-lo UCSD 

ATTENTION!! 
the deadline for registering for 

'77 SUMMER SESSION 
is almost here 

Openings are still available in the following summer courses : 

HISTORY 102S: Christianity & The Roman Period (4) 
HISTORY 167 A: u .s . In the 20th Century (4) 
LANG/GERMAN J 1 : Concentrated German (4) 
LANG/GERMAN J 2: Concentrated German (4i 
LI.NGUISTICS 1 O~: Introduction to Linguistic Semantics (4) 
URBAN & RURAL 161: American Criminal Justice (4) 
VISUAL ARTS 121: Critical History of Photography (4) 
VISUAL ARTS 187: The Genre Series -- "Gangsters" (4) 

For further nformation about these courses or to receive a free copy 
of the catalog call (714) 452-4364 or write to the Summer Session 
Office , 0 -028, UC San Diego , La ..Jolla CA 92093 . 

, 

1977·78 
CAPE DIRECTOR 

POSITIOI 

STILL OPE 
SeB Siudent 

EmPlOyment Ollice. 

Page 7 

I 
• 

an"tfocb O ~ 
coLleGe/ ~. 
UJes't announces a tully accredited program 
Master of Arts 
in Health Services Administration 
Accepting Applications 
for Fall 1977 Limited enrollment Contact: 
Director, Health SeIvIces Administration, Antioch College/ West 
717 Mo\1(et Street, Room 306. San Francisco, CA 94103 415/ 777-3030 

. Train for the 
Navy's sky now. 

If you qualify, you can Sign up for Navy 
flight training while you're stili In college 

and be assured of the program you want. 
Our AOe Program (If you want to be a Pilot) 
or our N FOe Prog ram (if you want to be a 

Flight OffIcer) can get you Into the Navy 
sky for an exciting , challenging career 

For more details, see the Navy Recruiter below. 

Be Someone Special. Fly Navy. 

Call or Write 
UCSD GRADUATE, ENSIGN DENNIS JUDSON 

NRD San Diego 
NTC Sa n Diego 
Calif, 92133 

(714) 293-6444 



Pale. ' triton times 

I 

<Would DU .£ik: 

---in ~ ~[[a? 

c:Etudio, OnE. bed'toomj" and 
two bedwomj, ('tOm $ 37, 900 . 
....£ottity to be fu:fd th~ month. 
90't in(o·'l.mation ca[[ 459-389

' 

~ .. """:,,,~';'Jrn,~"::\.~~ ·---r~~ ... .:..:YF.""'''''''';:~~''-: '''''~.'~r.~ ..... ~C&J '' '''''' ''''''' 
I.M''' . M--.~A:':;':~ ~~ ... ~ __ 

"'"'" '\. : M<.K1.llAr' ~ A ~'~-,::;.o.l!L· U..t:ll.l.A. ~~. 

( 

McKellar 'Associates 
1250 

Prospect Street, Suite C-14 
La Jolla, California 92037 


