
e 
s 

s 
! 
f 
o 

t~ 
1

0 

s 

s 

P 
If 
n 
r 
? 
n 
ls 
1-

r 
1-

Ir 

L 
It 
n 
o 

Ir 
e 
d 

f-

,f 
n 

~ 
r 
~ 
l 
e 
e 
? 

e 

' 01 

I: 
PHOTOGRAPHS SUCH AS THIS ONE are take. regularly by plain clothe. policemen, "in 
caae eomethi.g happe •• ," according to Detecm..e Murray Penalow of the UCSD Campa. 
Police, 

Police crowd photos explained 
Campus cops take demonstration photos 'Just In case' 

by Laura A, Richter 
News Editor 

Click. 
Your picture has been taken 

by a plain clothes polle mall at 
a demonstration. 

" People are entitled to 
demonstrate all they want to as 
long as they don't hurt anyone 
or interfere with anyone," 
according to Detective Murray 
Penhollow, UCSD Campus 
Police. 

Why, then , are the photo-
graph taken? 

Penhollow explained that 
pictures are taken " in case 
so m thing happen ." He 
continued to say that, "When 
you have a large crowd, people 
can get hurt , even at a sporting 
event. " 

have to match the same image 
that was seen with the eye," 
French stated. 

eith r Penhollow nor 
French has any recollection of 
the Campus Police having u ed 
photographs in court as 
evidence against any person. 
But Penhollow felt that there 
were incidents during the 1960s 
when they wished that they had 
had the time and per onnel to 
take them. He also cited UC 
President David Saxon 's visit 
to the campu in 1974 as a time 
when picture " would have 
eliminated a lot of things," but 
they were not available . "Th 
Triton.Times did have pictures, 
but they wouldn 't let us ee 
them," he commented. 

Photos returned 
Penhollow recalled one 

incident when a man who had 
been suspected of a crime, was 
cleared of the incident and 

requested the return of his 
picture, at which point it was 
returned . On a second occasion, 
a woman called the station. 
aying he-!" -.phctograph had 

been taken at a demon tration 
and asking that it be returned to 
her. " I told her to come to the 
station," said Penhollow, " but 
she never showed up." 

Officer St ve Brahen ex-
plained the rationale behind the 
policy of taking photographs. 
" If I were in a demon tration 
and was injured, I'd like to have 
a picture of the person who did 
it. " 

Branen mentioned the more 
common uses for photographs 
a being those of taken stolen 
property or of other evidence to 
be used in burglary cases. He 
mentioned that a eries of 
photographs had b en taken 
last Wednesday morning 
immediately following the 
discovery of the footprints of a 
burglary suspect. 

Local politicians speak here 

,~,,~a,1177 

Administrative Intern 
Proaram begins 'soon' 

Whlte~1I says no one has come to ask for 
Implementation of the program this year 

by Reed Alpert 
and Mark Stadler 

The Administrative Intern Program has not yet been 
implemented because " there didn 't seem to be a major thrust to 
have it implemented," according to acting Vice-chancellor of 
Student Affairs Howard Hunt. 

Now, though, " there appears to be a strong interest," said Hunt, 
who added he feels the implem ntation of the program will be a 
very po itive thing. 

Hunt announced Monday the program will be started again as 
soon as certain provisions are met. Hunt made his announcement 
following a meeting between himself, McElroy , AS President Jeff 
Leifer, Advisory Committee on Student Fee Program co-chair 
Marsha Harris and former External Affairs Coordinator Andy 
Schneider (Triton Times, Feb. 1) . 

Units heads 
Associate Vice-chancellor of Student Affairs Rick Whitehill 

echoed Hunt's feelings about the reason for the program's tardy 
implementation. ,. No one has come to me, not one of my unit heads 
including all the Student Affairs staff and said they wantan intern 
program," Whitehill said. 

Ken Bowers, the Manager, New Program Development in the 
Business Office, one of the units that had an intern last year, said 
" We benefited greatly from the program. We took the student 
intern and made him on a par with our managers in terms of 
access to information." 

Bowers said it was hard to determine how much the program 
benefited the student body as a whole, but he felt there is " benefit 
to the student body whenever you have student input. " 

" We were always enthusiastically supporting the program, but 
relied on the student to get that support back to the program 
sponsor, in this case the Student Affairs Office," Bowers aid . 

Assistant Chancellor Dave Ryer has had interns for the past 
three years and feels " there is no question it (the program) 
benefited the student and it benefited me. 

His office paid for part of the cost of their intern, according to 
Ryer. Ryer supported the program and said, although he doe n ' t 
recall communicating this support to the student affairs office, 
"the fact that I paid i better than conversation" for relaying 
upport. 

Benefit 
" The program ha a lot of benefit for the individual intern, 

ome benefit for the individual unit, but I haven't een any benefit 
for the tudent body at large," Whitehill said. 

Leifer, however, disagreed with Whitehill's statement. "That's 
ridiculou . Mentors have said the input i invaluable. They reall} 
do turn to the intern and ask for the student viewpoint on lssue . 

" And vou can't undere timate the value of the program for 
tudent ~ Interns have produced a lot of programs - like the 

Grade Appeals Committee and the rerouting of city buse pa t 
campu . Hopefully, the new program wHl be cohesive enough to 
both inform student at large about admini trative happenings 
and to work to draw all tudent organizations together," Leifer. 
who was last year's Academic Senate Intern, aid . 

Assistant Vice-chancellor of tudent Affairs Tom Brown, who 
coordinated last year's intern program, refused to comment on 
the i sue when asked Monday. In a letter to the advi ory 
committee last year Brown had said, "I urge your support for a 
valuable program which benefits students directly ." 

(Plea e turn LO page 4) 

It is the policy of the Campus 
Police, stated Penhollow, to 
keep the photographs " for a 
reasonable length of time, in 
case something develops ." He 
said that in the majority of 
cases, the pictures are thrown 
out because of space limita-
tions at the station, adding that 
there is no final' file kept of the 
photographs . Area political climate termed unhealthy 

No privacy 
Police Chief Hugh French 

sa id tha t w hen a pe rson 
appears in a public place, the 
ex pecfation of a right to 
privacy is relinqui hed . 
Officers have the right to take 
picture , he said, and they may 
b u ed as evidence in court, 
but not without back-up 
testimony. "The picture would 

Valentine's Day 
Per onals 

Once again, it's lime for 
Valentine Personals! Today 
through Thursday Feb. 9 we 
will be accepting Valentine 
personals from 10 am to 3 pm. 
For only 1M, send a m ge to 
the one you love. Because of 
limited space, only three 
Valentine's per person will be 
(Jcc~Pted. Get yours In early or 
you may be left out! 

by Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor' 

Three San Diego politicians 
were asked Tuesday, as one of 
them put it, to hold a mirror up 
to the area's political scene 
and react to what they saw. 

The reaction of state 
Senator Jim Mill (D-San 
Diego) , City Councilwoman 
Maureen O ' Connor and 
County Supervi or Roger 
Hedgecock was that the an 
Diego political clilT)at i 
unhealthy. 

H dgecock, O'connor and 
Mm w re ' p aking befo,re 
450 peopl at th MandeVIlle 
Auditorium, in the fir't of a 
four-part erie call d " an 
Diego Inside . Th Pow r 

tructur and How it Work ." 
th panel di cu ion wa 

ponsored by UC D and th 
an Diego City Club, as part of 

th Mand v 'U '78 Lectur 

suffers from a .. form of 
poli tical arteriosclerosis" 
that has caused deep prob-
lems, including urban praw-
ling , air pollution from the 
lack of a fully developed 
public transportation system 
and a failure to revitalize the 
downtown area . 

Hedgecock , th youngest 
County Supervi or, pinpoined 
four rea on for thi " political 
mal ai e": the la c k of an 
" act/vi ·t, public-mind d 
busine community"; a 
poli ilcal tabli hm nt that 
hl:l opinion ' formed in the 
1950s, and 0 i not fit to cop 
with " probl m of th 1980 "; 
ineffective government that 

r hamp red b th " grow-
ing fa i t tend ncie .. of 
tate and federal bureaucra-

cie , and a local m di a, 
e pe iall th opley Pre , 
which fail' to pre ent both 
'id of vitnl i ue . 

O'Connor, who aid he 
agr with H dg cock on 

most of his point, limited her 
dis c u s s ion top r'o b I ems 
connected with the City 
Council, which, in last year's 
elections, gained four new 
members who are considered 
conservative . 

Roger H d ecock 

O'Connor, a strong advo-
cate of managing city growth , 
said last year's elections 
mean a " real crisis for the 
city." The voter picked four 
candidate who don 't want to 
maintain San Diego ' quahty 
of life, but "are really more 
into development at any 
cost," O'Connor said . 

In addi tion, the la t election 
ignalled a change in th 

mood of San Diego campaign 
to O'Connor. " In th pa t , 
candidate ' re p cted each 
oth r But lei t year, there 
were campalgn to WID at an 
co • ... Noww a acityhaveto 
liv with th new council," 
O'C)nnor, th only woman 
oullcilmember, aid. 

Low turnout 
Mill al 0 r ferr d exten-

iv ly to the 1977 local 
I .en"" .. bC :-f~ t .. low -

37.7 per nt - turnout wa 
harmful to democracy. He 
ald the cIty' me hf)d of 

(Pie turn to p ge 7) 



o free beer and 
si.gns of the times 

Aboln 1000 students were drawn by the promise of AS-sponaored 
free beer to the bump between the Student Center and the Main 
Gym !alit Friday. The ltudentl downed eilbt kq_ of MiUer Lilht 
and Dark - supplied by CIEE Travel and the Graduate Student 
Council - in two hours ate innumerable piece_ of pizza and 
generally milled around the Student Center talkiDa and watchiq 
eacb other in the wann sun. Letters to tbe Editor Which leads me inexorably to the queation: Is free beer the only 
way, other than graduation, to brine UCSD students toeether? 

The last time 1000 UCSD students came together for one reason 
was spring, 1975 when the then-new Graduate Student Union 
staged a two-day strike and marched on the Chancellor'S 
Complex. Since then, nothiDl - not the CIA, later GSU rallies, 
South Africa or any other cause - has brought students together in 
such numbers. 

Definition of 'real Christian' given 
Until free beer. Some skeptics, of course, will say student 

government should not be spending student money on a big party . 
It should concentrate on "important" matters - like fosteriq 
radical social change or working toward establishing a world 
government. 

But other people, myself included, think that anything - short oC 
a mass, killer riot - that brings students together like last 
Friday's beer-Cest did is a good thing. UCSD students are usualJy 
isolated from each other - by the college system, by housing 
patterns, by the generally crushing load oC schoolwork. We 
operate in smalJ, cliquish groups. We don't know each other. 

Editor: ana rules, etc. Because of this 
I would like to clear up forever, in usoclation the "Cbristiliii Way" 

tile minds of tile students at UCSD, bas in most minds been stereo-
a serious mlsconceptiOll tIIat bas typed, labelled 81 " the WI'Olll way 
existed for centuries. Simply stated to go", a reliJjousside trip, unreal 
tbis misconcepliOll is as follows: to and 10 on. 
be a Cbristian and to live tile true Accordilll to tile Word of God and 
Cbristian life is synonomous witll all my experiences of Cbrist, tIIin .. 
tile "boly bour" on Sunday, a giant sucb as stained glall windows, 
catlJedral (or otber building) , an "boly wars" , the fonnatlon of 200-
11th century crusade, a plea for plus denominations, etc., were 
money, 200·plus denominations , never autllorized by God or even 
do's and don'ts, ad infinitum - the condoned by Him. 
list is almost endieu. God does have a purpose for man 

I would like to refute any and all that is far higher tban what we 
of tile above as being the definition think. 

Christ, wbo is God Himself, wants 
to dwell wltllin man, to make His 
home In man and to build a 
babitatiion out of HII people as a 
place wbere He can dwell . It is 
Impollible to categorize the 
Christian life, beca\lle it Is just 
Christ Himself lived out In His 
believers. 

It is my sincere desire to see lOme 
of my fellow students at UCSD 
freed from this centuries-old 
misconception that tbey could 
come to know Christ and find out 
who He really is. 

MATTHEW SMITH 
Some of us, of course, don't want to know our fellow students. 

But those of us who do usually have no way of going about it. 
Again, until free beer. The atmosphere last Friday at the 

Student Center was nothing short of marvelous. Students rambled, 
from pizza to the beer line, to the hump listening to live music back 
to the beer line, from talk with friends back to the beer line. It was 
a time to renew old acquaintances, to make new friends , to forget 
the pressures, to skip classes , to talk , to joke. It was a very relaxed 
afternoon. 

of a real Christian. It is commonly 
known that two objects which are 
psychologically associated both 
receive tile same treatment and are 
viewed with the same attitude. 

Israel Week "success" 

If free beer can do that, then it's worth the cost. Especially 
since 'it appears to be the only way to bring today 's students 
together in a beneficia l wa y . 

And if cheap beer - in cost, hopefully, not qua lity - a s promised 
by the AS Beer Pub, can do the same a s free beer, then the pub will 
be too. 

For example, if for centuries filet 
mignon had been classified witb 
dog food it would probably be 
thought of as such today regardless 
of its true nature . Simila rly this 
" guilt " by ass o c i a tion ha s 
victimized genuine Christians since 
the fourth century, equating tbem 
with giant edifices, unjustifiable 
" holy wars", religious regula tions 

Editor: 
Tbe combined efforts of the Israel 

Action Committee and tile Union of 
Jewish Students, as well as otber 
contributing organizations , 
presented a week of Israeli aware· 
ness which concluded Friday 
of last week. Thirty years ago, May 
15, 1948, the independent state of 
Israel was established . 

Within thi s r e lat ive ly s hort 
period of time Israel has built , 

Bekken bores reader 
Jon Bekken: 

The most obvioiss fl aw that I came across in your letter to the Triton 
Times last Monday was not tha t you had been somehow mistreated by the 
starr of the TT, but the basic fact that you are an incredible imbecile. Do 
yo~ so. naively think that by daring them to print your aborted attempt at 
edltorlal that they would somehow be pressbred into printing it? 

The Triton Times' only mistake in trying to print as many letters fr om 
students as possible was in not making an exception in your case . The fact 
is you have no skill , no style and are of absolutely no interest to anyone. 
Your ignorance is only overshadowed by your arrogance. 

You claim tha t the TI has done you harm by pursuing a policy of not 
printi ng your letters . I don't blame them. I suppose talk is cheap butin your 
case it's free. Too bad you don't have anything to say. If only your brain 
were as big as your mouth. 

But don 't worry Bekken . Despite your hot-under-the-collar pitch you are 
no more intimidating than a fly . And about as impressive. I suppose that in 
writing this ridiculous letter of yours you satisified your quest for cliche 
and " got your shit together." Perhaps you felt that you acomplished 

The Sigma Ka ppa Sorority has schedule d a series of orientation something. But as Ca r as anyone with a brain in their head is concerned you 
meetin~s a nd " rush", or membership drives, parties, for the didn't do a thing except get your shit all ove r everyone else. 
UPC0f!1IDg weeks . One of the rush pa rties, according to an ad the And if you a re rea lly as adamant aga inst the TT as you say how 'bout 
soront:,: has placed in the Tr iton Times, will take place in Third spreading it someplace else. Frankly, you bore me. 
College s Center for the People. JONATHAN SCHMIDT 

Within that innocuous bit of scheduling lies a n irony w hich goes a 'M ,. 
long way toward describi ng the feeling at UCSD th is yea r . There any reasons agaInst pub 
a r e sever al conflicting impulses acting here this year a nd the Edi ~or: ' 
sorority party at T hird represents two of them. ' 

Fi rst is the notion of a sorority, or frate rnitv for that m a tte r I would like to register a strong protest against the proposed " pub" to be 
. I ., set up on campus. This is iIl·advised for many reasons: ser~ous y active at UCSD. Whe n I cam e he r e four yea r s ago, such a 1) it will increase the probability of traffic accidents in the immediate 

notIOn would have been sacrilige. Such behavior was suitable for a vicinity; 
state college, or a b ig " jock-oriented" school like USC but not for 2) it encourages the intake of a toxic, addictive chemical whose 
academic/ political/serious U CSD. ' deleterious effects on brain, liver, etc. are well documented ; 

Now, though, severa l sororities and frats are establishing 3) it indirectly supports , via purchases from beer companies, one of the 
themselves here, and no one seems to notice , or, at least care more objectjonable aspects of captialism (legalized and profitable drug-
~bout them. Wh.ether this indicates a new tolerance of diffe'rence pushing); hf~~tyles , or SImple apathy, is beyond my prognosticational 4) it may encourage, throu&h peer prellure, people to adopt a babit 
ability . whose ugly by-products can be seen littering tile country witll metallic and 

human waste; 
The other impulses involved in this little scenario is symboUzeo and 5) some of tIIese new addicts could be young women and tile 

by the place where one of the sorority rushes is to take place: The teratogenic (birth defect causing) effects of even low doses of alcohol have 
Center for the People. No matter what motivated the people who been demonstrated right here at UCSD. 
opened the center, its name indicates a " sixties" feeling _ It is time to abandon tile cultural mystique tIIat surrounds the social 
" people" interested in helping " the people." ritual ofalcoholi~estion: ~en imitating t~ image of the camaraderie of 

This feeling is still quite alive on campus - despite what the s~allbo~scon~PI.nngto~llJoYfo~l~enfrult, thebeer-bellyguJto the21st 
pundits say - as evidenced in the perpetuation of such groups as bIrthday lDe.b~atJon as nte of inltJauon, tile macho tequila fire-eatilll act 
th B k C . or the sophlsUcated tongue pretending the poisoa It taates is kin to a 

e 00 oop and Groundwork Books, Amnesty International and ~thoven symphony, tile well-dreued couple fOlldlini a moonlit phallic 
CaIPInG. . . " .. . wlDe.bo~Ue - Ume to abandon these images and look at the naked truth . 
. So we ~ave It. a ~roup of students l!lterested 10 flOding stabihty Dnnkilll alcohol is a millulded attempt to drown our penonal and 
10 a r l1pt1dly changmg world, se~rching for members in a place socialmasksandinhibilionslOthatouraatural,cblldJikejoYCanmanllesl, 
whose neme symbolizes the desire for more chanle, of a rapidly an attempt that easily become a pbysiologlcal addiction as delJ'BClllII as diften)D~ sort, It's this type of juxtaposition that characteri2ea beroln or tobacco. 
UCSD - and probably moet college campuses - In the late (PIe .. tIU'D CO pqe S) 

through toil and opposition, a 
modern industrial nation. This past 
week at UCSD has been a tribute to 
the Israeli state. The goals of tile 
week, according to Eric Fischbein, 
a leader of the Israel Action' 
Committee. encompas sed , "an 
attempt to acqua int s tudents with 
Israeli life . This was accomplished 
through events that were interest-
ing and tIIat encouraged pa rticipa-
tion by those attending." He went 
on to say, " I'm please witll tile 
involvement the s tudents ha ve 
shown. They have demonstrated 
their interest in Israeli life and 
appea red to enjoy a ll of the week 's 
events ." 

The week opened with Israeli 
folk dancing directed by Schlomo 
Ba char , a world renowned 
c horeogra phe r , yielded d a il y 
e vents a nd enc ou r aged full 
participation by students present. 
The night of Israeli folk dancing 
aUracted approximate ly ISO people 
a nd 99 perce nt of t hese we re 
involved in the da nce. Comments 
about the evening ranged from" 
" I've danced with the group before 
a nd loved it " to " Israe li folk 
dancing is good exercise and I enjoy 
it" All other remarks about the 
night were positive and were a 
credit to Schlomo Bachar and the 
dance group supporting the event. 

The movie " Man in the Glass 
Booth" was shown Wednesday to an 
audience of 400 . The movie depicted 
a Jewish ma n living in a plush New 
York pe nthou se w ho fo r ged 
documents, dental cha rts and x-
rays , to appear to the Israeli sta te a 
comma ndant of a German concen-
tration camp during the second 
world war. He was tried by the 
Israeli state and almost convicted 
were it not for the testimony of a 
doctor who wa s a pa rt of the 
deception. The Jewish man died in 
the witness box In a crucifixion pose 
and had seemingly taken on the sins 
of tile Germans and tile anguish of 
the Jews. The week also included 
two lectures , an Israeli band and a 
festival on Thursday at Revelle 
Plaza that included Israeli food, 
information and dance. 

While talking to Eric Fischbein, 
he commented that, "This we6k 
was just a beginning and we would 
like to see a continuation of Israeli 
awareness tllrougbout tbe year. 
This can be accomplished by 
providilll students at UCSD wltll 
interestin. ~vents tIIat allow aad 
encourage participation." Accord-
ing to tbaee students who joined In 
the week's activities !.be event was 
a boominlllUCCeA. 

STEVE RIDDLE seventies. Which impulse will take precedence in the future .... remai~ to be 5eeD. .. ~03f~. ~F=;::=7=====~~Ir;:====::::::::::--lr=;:~:::5r'Z'~~~ 
Uh,~ .. . t' ... ~~ 10 
l>el;e"c W? ~~ __ ., 
La ... Xo.""' ,h..hr 

,rtdQ, F......., 3,1177 

'Woman's 
choice 
is before 
conception' 
Editor: 

Up to tIIis point all the letters 
opposinc abortion in the TI seem to 
have been written by men and those 
supporting it, by women. We see a 
need to alter this pattern. 

As women we feel strolllly that 
no woman should be pregnant 
agailUlt hercboosing. However, this 
choice must come before concep-
tion, not afterwards. Abortion is the 
taking of human life and there is no 
rational way around this fact . With 
any freedom comes responsibility; 
so also witll sexual freedom. Safe 
and effective metllods of contra-
ception exist. (We are nol referring 
to the pill, rbythm or abstinence.) It 
is a gross mis-ranking of priorities 
that our health insurance covers 
the ending of human life while 
forcing individuals who are 
responsible for their bodies and 
be havior to foot the bill for 
contraception. 

The federal government recently 
decided taxpayers' money will no 
longer finan ce abort ion (with 
exceptions in extreme cases). Do 
not the stullents of UCSD have a 
right to a similar decision? 

Our money should more appro-
priate ly fund responsible preven-
tion and not the annihilation of 
inconvenient huma n life . 

MARY ANNA GLENDA Y 
ELIZABETH EVANS 

SARAH TENDICK 
KAREN KATER 

triton times 

Abortion should be individual decision 
Editor: 

If someone would havc told me a 
week ago that I would be writi ng 
this lette r to you I wou ld have 
laughed. I don 't wis h to continue a 
controve rsy which has no rea l final 
wi nn e r . but I fee l t e r r i bl y 
compelled to write this . 

The cont rove rsy on abortion is 
ve r y re a l a nd ve ry e moti o n 
charged. I appreciate the opinions 
01 peo ple on bo th sides , b u t 
pe rsonally 1 have made my choice 
and tha t was by having one. God 
knows I wish I'd never been placed 
in the positi on ~ f ma king tha t 
choice, a nd believe me it was very 
hard . 

I d o n ' t co ns1de r myse lf a 

murderer and I don't think I'm 
suffcring from any psychological 
problems . I very much resent 
anyone calling me a murderer or 
acc us in g me o f e ngaging i n 
immora l acts unless he or s he has 
been involved in the process. This 
was not a singular act on my part, 
just as birth control is not a Singular 
act. The man and I had to make 
some very real decisions on the 
unw a nt ed pregna ncy. Th ese 
decisions aHected whether we had 
a child we couldn 't afford and I 
know I didn't want and would have 
resented, or wa it until we could 
accept and love a child we wanted. 
You know our decision. 

I had a lways said I would never 

Valentine Personals! 
on1Y15(: ,. 

..a per 100 spaces 
Must be purchased Monday· Thursday of next 
week from 10 am·3 pm. 

Limited Space Avai'a"'e 

FnaIn II ..... DutY 0fIIC8' il the Navy'a name for ., man 
whoee specialty is sbipl mel ship lystems-l"UIlJIiq tMm. 
~ tbma, building them. An EOO'I career can take 
him from _ duty to poetgraduate study theq on into his 
own iDdiYidual specialty-anything from hard-core prag-
matics to pun...eardl. 

Enp.ring Duty. If it sounds like your kind of job, 
speak to: 
L T Jilin Chllker _III be Interviewing I. 11111 outItIndlnt Prlllr. 
Feb. U-23 III .... UCSDJiIJI"',- CIIIIIct pur p ..... 1II ilflCe for In I,.,...nllllllli It' call 2113-&444 fir ... Inf.,... ... 

...,., ... m ......... a., ... __ .-n •• 

have an abortion . but when placed 
in the position I was forced to 
consider it as an alternative . Don't 
give me a song-a nd-dance a bout 
bi rth control. by the ti me I was 
pregna nt it was a little late. 

I th ink the po int I' m trying to 
make is that the whole issue of 
abortion either pro or con is a very 
individua l one, and I don't accept 
the notion 01 either side fo rcing 
itself on the other . I am truly glad 
the three students involved in the 
controversy wi th UCSD have found 
a compromise, but I a lso demand 
that I be left with the right to make 
my compromise. 

AME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 

Pub ... 
(Continued from page 2) 

There must be a better way. 
Although the idea of a student 
socia l center is to be a ppla uded, 
we can s ure ly come up with 
more crea tive proposals fo r 
fa voring student intera c t ion 
than a ba r . One suggestion 
might be tha t instead of, or at 
le as t along wilh , se r v ing 
a lcohol the pub could also 
prepare a variety of frui t juices 
and smoothies . PAUL DASH 

TT blasted up and 'down 
for its abortion coverage 
Editor: 

I am seriouslv considering withholding my registration fees on the 
grounds that a portion of this money is funding a project thatis mora lly and 
ethically opposed to my deepest beliefs . No longer can I be a silent 
accomplice to the irresponsible, uACritical, simple·minded, sexist pap 
printed in the TI. 

Your coverage of the abortion issue on this campus is an insult to any 
readership you may still have. The handling of the issue created by two 
'pro-life students in refusing to pay reg fees clea rly demonstrates the level 
of journalistic skill and responsibility the TT is capable of. It is obvious that 
you did no research on previous cases in which funds were withheld on 
moral grounds. 

If you had, you would have discovered that right here on our campus 
students faced crimina l cha rges for withholding fees in moral protest to 
mass ive war research . (Further, your paper would have discovered an 
example of excellent journa lism in rega rd to this war research. Our 
university denied having any government contracts for wa r research. A 
campus paper published contracts allegedly stolen from the university. 
However, since the university was on record d ~nying the existence of such 
contracts, no theft could be prosecuted.) You would also have found that 
similar cases nationwide involving various moral isues, such as anti-Viet 
Nam war and anti-apartheid, have had li t tle success in the courts. 

Not only did your paper fail miserably in reporting this act of moral 
indignation on the pa rt of the pro-lifers, but twice in the last three issues 
you failed to represent any editor ial opinion at all. Instead you speculated 
and mused, doing little to cla rify any issues. It is not news to anyone that 
abortion is a controversial issue, and I do not need to turn to page2 in order 
to be reinformed of this fact. 

The lack of ana lysis in presenti ng an issue that concerns a mass 
move ment of na tional proportions, an issue that might create an 
amendment of the Constitution, an issue central to any concept of civil 
liberties - such a lack speaks of journalistic irresponsibility and a 
harmful misinforming of your readership. 

In the past, one of the only places a reader could find intelligent 
commentary in the TT was in the Letters to the Editors section. The way in 
which news covera ge of this abortion controversy was presented (and not 
presented) makes a reade rship response an arduous task. You force your 
reade rs to do you r job and then respond. I a m not aski ng you to take my 
position on abortion, I am asking you to take an intelligible position that 
would spark a discussion. At this point, your paper is as valuable and 
helpful an example of journalism as is The Pennysaver . In fact , The 
Penny saver is more up fron t as to its commercial purpose of providing 
various businesses with space to advertise . The TT isn 't even yellow 
journa lism, it is t ransparent journalism. 

Janice's 
Hair Garden Special 

'Men's Haircuts - Only $8 

JQmc~ 's S4lom : 
110 E. Washington. HIII<"" 
197-8J80 

)17 Third A, ... 
Chula VIJIO 
426-18)3 
&J/h Salons opm 

9.j Sa/ . 9-6 

all hair services 
wit h Student I D 

and this ad 

)aniel's Hair (jartUn 
1150 Pro,!"" 

'-f<Ktllar Plo:a. Lo Jolla 
454·3017 

Reg. $10 

1446 comino del mar . del mar ' 755·5758 



..... 4 

Summer Special 
Aate Program 

, 

Mesa Apt •• for Undergraduate. 
D.talled .ppllcaUon Inform.tlon I. now 
.v.n.ble .t e.ch Resident De.n/Coun-
selor Office and .. t the Housing Office for 
the Summer Specl.1 R.te Program at 
M .... The application period will begin 
M.rch 15, 1978 and continue until all 
space. are full. The rate I. $200.00, and 
only single undergraduate. who have 
lived the entire academic year In UCSD 

are Ibl •. 

Spring Break 
in 

MAZATLAN 

Lea"e March 27 5 day./4 aight •. laclude. hotel, 
deluxe .diu.er, .pedal di.couat book, taxe., 
ai.~.,r~. bay eraiae aad airport tr_.fen. 

Call Now - 566 8490 

TLC Travel 
7CI~O MIRAMAR ROAD· SUITE " D" 

N DIEGO. CA I.It·ORNIA Q2111 • PHONE (7 14 15b6.8~ 

DOES YOUR HAIR HAVE 
THE I(KIES? 
~ ~ ~oncJItioMrs will scM 

L'OREAL Instant Mermaid · UNICURE . 5.6 PH . for diy , 
3.4 PH . adds body and fuD· abused, overporous & deti: 
ness to weak, limp hair cate hair . good for skin too! 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 16 oz. 3.95 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 16 oz. 2.59 
TIA ZOUN Pl.J\CENTA · for 

GOLDEN PLACENTA · 2.6 . dry, brittle lifeless hair 
PH . repairs weak, limp broken hair & brings luster . . . . . . . . . . . . .... 16 oz. 3.95 

d 6 3 89 For A Super Conditioner for 
. to rab hair . .. 1 oz. . Blow Drying that's great for 
ACV Balsam· eliminates tan· split ends & hair that is dry, 

gIes and'frizzies, gives body, limp, fine, brittle & dull. 
bounce & lustre 16 oz. 3.25 INFUSIUM 23 16 oz . 4.07 

. And so--;;;any more lhere '. no room for here! 

waag. Beauty Supply 
737 ~ - 459-0722 

on ... Vllogo Plaza ....... SouP Exchongo 

SIDEWALK 
At 
L 
E 

5887 University 
t Ned dOOf to the 

Cinerama Theater) 

287-9160 

.... 

Hooded 
SWIat 

Jackets 
$5"-" 

• :z 
Hours: 

Sat. 10·6 
Sun. 12·5 

triton times 

Lee BrockeH:along 
way from Verbum Del 

by Steve Gould had no real intention of playing 
Sporh Editor basketball here until Triton coach 

When discussing basketball Barry Cunningham saw Brockett 
powerhouses, Los Angeles resi· playing pickup games in the main 
dents speak reverently of two gymnasium. 
schools: UCLA and Verbum Dei. "I saw him working out in the 
One dominated college ball, the gym," Cunningham recalls. "He 

. other has controlled high school ball had a lot of potential and I talked 
since 1969 and today shows no signs him into coming out for the junior 
o{ letting up. varsity." It was just a matter o{ 

tritOfl times 

U·CSD drubbed by sec; 
faces Azuza tonight 

UCSD's men's varsity basketball team will attempt to'cegroup 
tonight as they face co·conference leader Azuza Pacific at Azuza 
in a crucial NAIA District Three Southern Division contest. While 
the Tritons, now 2·2, were drubbed by Southern California College 
90-69 Tuesday night, USIU stunned Azuza 75-64 to hand the 
Cougars their first conference loss. 

Azuza tonight 
Coached by Cliff Hamilow, Azuza, before its loss to USIU, was 

out to its fastest start in conference play in several years. Despite 
a 9·13 overall mark, Hamilow does not seem surprised by his 
team's Southern Division play. "Everything has just fallen into 
place. We seem to be doing a lot of things right before but just 
couldn't get over the top. I tl>ink we just picked the right time to 
jell," said Hamilow. 

Plagued by injuries; academic ineligibilities and player·coach 
problems, UCSD coach Barry Cunningham has been forced to play 
reserves and members of the junior varsity team . 

Cunningham will most likely start Bart Bradley and Joe 

pqeS 

6'5" sophomore forward and sixth man Peter Volk was 
suspended by Cunningham for skipping practice and missed the 
game. Greenstein played with a bad back and a cold while Bradley 
tried desperately to conceal a bad ankle. The Tritons fourth guard 
Ken Stark missed the game due to a severely sprained ankle. 

" This is the worst we ' ve ever been hurt (by injuries , 
ineligibilities, et al) ," commented Cunningham after Tuesday's 
loss . " We can' t even practice because we don' t have ten men to 
scrimmage." 

Big men prevail 
Southern Cal's big front line of 6'10" Randy Adams, 6'7" Mike 

Welshans and 6'6" Paul Werner scored, rebounded and blocked 
shots at will against the weakened Tritons . UCSD took an early 6·2 
lead but SoCal reeled off 12 straight points and t60k a 24·14 lead 
with 11 : 30 left in the first half. By halftime, the margin grew to 47-
30. 

Although slow, SoCal's big three trio went to work in the second 
half and ran off spurts of 14-4 and 14-8 to enjoy a 75-44 lead with 8: 53 
left. The rest of the game was garbage time as both Cunningham 
and SCC coach Paul Peak substituted freely. 

Seven SoCal players tallied in double figures , led by Adams with 
·17. Adams also collected 10 rebounds asSoCal outre bounded UCSD 
47-26. Brockett placed UCSD with 16 points and Greenstein added 
14. 

Verbum Dej, a small private time {or Brockett to show then JV 
Catholic school in South Central coach Bob McCook and Cunning· 
L.A., has credentials hard to ham they had something special. 
match. Under John Sneed's After playing just four games for 
tutelage, the Eagles won C.I.F. the junior varsity in 1974, 
(California Interscholastic Brockett's abilities began to 
Federation) titles in 1969 (2A) , 1970 improve by leaps and bounds and in 
(3A) , 1971,1972, 1973 and 1974 (4A) . the following season, he was 
Since 1969, Verbum Dei , now starting forward for the varsity, 
coached by Eli Hawthorne, has averaging 9.4 points and 6 .2 
compiled an aweso~e overall rebounds per game. 
record of 282·22 (including a 19·1 Room to improve 

Greenstein at guards, Bob Frazier and Stan Hopper at forwards . No class 

J and Lee Brockett at center. For Azuza, Hamilow will match up The WID bolstered SCC's conference record to 3-1, butdjd little to with 6'6" Mike Berry (10 .4 points per game) at center, 6'5" Jeff establish their place in the annals of good sportsmanship. With the 
f Golden (10 .6 ppg) and 6'5" Steve Severs (12.6 ppg) and 7.9 reo game in hand, SoCal's starting five waved towels atthe Tritons as bounds per game) at forward and Rick Dillion (9.3 ppg) and Mike they attempted free throws and took advantage of very loose 
I Street (13 .0 ppg) at guard. officiating by continually hacking UCSD player's under the 

mar.k this season). "I was a below ball player in high 
Several alumni from Verbum Dei school," Brockett remembers. "I 

have gone on to illustrious college had never come into contact with 
careers: Dwight Slaughter, Ricky organized ball until my first year at 
Hawthorne, Lewis Brown, David Verbum Dei. " While growing up in 

t. The Tritons tried vainly to overcome Southern Cal's tremendous boards ., .. ~ height advantage but encountered more obstacles than they could SoCal s Tom !VIcNell supph~d the coup de grace of ~acklDess by 
Greenwood, Roy Hamilton to name New York City's Harlem area , IDENTIFIED FLYING 

n Brockett aOiln over two handle . purposely bendlDg down the rIm after a stuff shot late In the game. 

a few . And then there's Lehman Lebo, as he has been nicknamed by Poiat Lo .... deleaden to 
Brockett . close friends, played in pickup Koriag aad rebo.ding. 

Now the leading scorer (16 .3 games but only watched when Center of attention 
Brockett Ie ..... UCSD ia both Rugby team scores two 

points per game) and rebounder schoolyard greats like Lew Since the Triton tea!ll. ahs 
(6.4 per game) for UCSD 's Tritons, Alcindor took the court. 3dversely affected by IDJU keU missed two crucial 
Brockett played for Verbum Dei , During the past two summers, academic ineligibilities, ference games last week 
but not {o ran y 0 f S nee d's Brockett attended basketball camp has been called upon to ng from a leg injury (pulled 
championship teams. In fact , in his in Seattle to improve his game. He ball more than he ever les) and administrative 
senior year, Brockett was the is quick to add he has room to past. "The guards have s . "I really have not been 
eighth man on Verbum Dei 'sjunior improve. " Bill Russell worked with ability but they aren't com for three weeks. And the 
varsity. Most seniors on Verbum me at the Supersonics camp on all Whenever they a h .,ltlMlfm with my credits caused 
Dei's varsity squad wait for facets of my game. rve got a lot !?<?k f~r me:: !re dUlllUll.,,, nrn,hlll'm,, " Brockett stated. 
scholarship offers to pour in. For more to learn and I have to acquire I mID a poSItIOn where I it that Brockett was 
Lehman Brockett, there wasn't more overall basketball sense." a little of everything and it's for the ,emainder of the 
even a trickle. Working with Russell and other easier for me to score, so I it was discovered he 

Sun over snow pros has paid off with dividends . more." to complete the required 
After turning down acceptance at Brockett has boosted his scoring ~s the talles~ ,~ember ~_"ml~. of units last quarter. " I 

Marquette, Brockett enrolled at UC average to 16.3 and his shooting Triton team at 6 6 and a rpl)j~a1I'11 a class I already took and 
San Diego because of the affable percentage from 40% last season to pout:Jds , Brockett has class was for double credit. I 
climate and academic status. He 51% this season. beatlDg on the court from had to wait for it to appear on .~:...:......:....:...:..._....::....:.:.:.......:........::.....:.... __ ;.... ___________ --, taller centers adn fo ript. I passed 26 units but 

Intern Program •.. 
(Continued from page 1) 

Leifer said Brown's refusal to 
comment is "reflective of the 
type of communication we have 
received on a whole string of 
issues from Student Affairs 
officials. Brown told me he's 
not responsible fot this year's 
intern program but Andy 
(Sc hneider) and Marsha 
(Harris) were told by Hunt that 
Brown was in charge. 

" I feel this lack of commun· 
ication is designed to maintain 
administrative control on 
issues so that when they want 
something to die, it dies ," 
Leifer said. 

Supporting Leifer, Schneider 
said, "Some of the student 

representatives are afraid that 
because I brought the intern 
issue to the community's 
attention Student Affairs will 
retaliate against other student 
programs. I take full responsi· 
bility for having supported the 
program. 

"Brown called me into his 
office Wednesday and demand-
ed that I give him a written 
apology, and said that until I 
did so I was unwelcome in his 
office. I think it's sad that when 
students pursue an issue they 
are unwelcome in a Student 
Affairs administrator's office. I 
believe Brown is the one who 
owes the students an apology," 
Schneider said. . 

cM.ake.-up by Jimmy 
459-3361 

opposing schools. In showed up." 
night's game against the heavy load of classes 
California College, 6'10" weekday mornings at 
Adams and 6'7" forw the 'scafeteriasbother 
Welshans continually 'The load of classes I had and 
every time he went up to didn't bother me, but it does 
Still, he had 16 points to lead with practice. Two days a 

Praise from coach have a class from 4 to 5: 30 
Cunningham thinks tice runs Croin 4 to 6 pm junior majoring in com .. 

tions, is one oC the most Future for Lebo 
players we've ever had 
but "too much pressure Although Brockett has four more 
put on him. He's stilllealrni"l~uarters of school (and one year of 
has a long way to go. . before graduating, he is 
experience is at the ng a future in the communi· 
of college. People don' field . " If .something did 
big step he 's had to ma p," Brockett noted "in 
key (junior varsity at II , it will. But, it's a million 
to the intercollegiate level." ,?ne shot. I'm not depending on 

Despite the fact Brockett 
leads the team in shots That' s quite a mouthful from 
Cunningham insists "we meone who never . even con· 
to take 15 shots per game. I'd playing college basketball 
get a lot more shooting out I two years ago. 

and Slam 
must ha". I debllo", 

victories over weekend 
In what coach Dan Dworsky 

termed " two of the best games 
we've played all season," both 
the UCSD men's and women's 
rugby teams were victorious in 
last weekend's games. 

A closely contested match 
between the Del Mar Rugby 
Club and the UCSD men's side 
resulted in a 22-20 win for UCSD 
Saturday. Outstanding players 
in the game, which took place 
on Muir field , were forward 
John Mapes , back Mark 
Lochtefelt and scrum half 
Mark "Digger" McKinnon. 

On scoring tries by eight 
team members , the UCSD 
women's team ran over the 
Unicorns in Huntington Beach 
on Sunday. Three forwards and 
five - back, including Cheryl 
Wright, Connie Parker and Roe 
Bloom, ran through the 
Unicorn defense to chalk up a 
final score of 32-0. 

"Both teams showed a high 
consistency in their offensive 
and defensive moves ," com· 
mented Dworsky. "Hopefully 
we can playas well this 
weekend." 

The UCSD womell will oppose 
the 1977 Santa Barbara 
Tournament champions, Old 
Mission Bay Athletic Club 
women's team (Ombush) , on 
Robb Field in Ocean Beach 

tomorrow at 11 : 30 am. The 
men 's team also plays tomor· 
row , taking on the Cypress 
Rugby Club at 1 pm in Cypress. 

PHOTO 
SUPPLIES 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 

UCSD IIucIIIt 
NwnbwI~ 

Party 

. Sat Feb. 4th 
llamto5pm 

. Help us Celebrate 
fIot'na1 Rockwell's Mclay with cake & charnpaane 

, 

AND WIN FREE PRIZES 
RockweU T·ShIrts at Ov. the Rai!bow 
Rockwell Racquet eo,. It MatcII Point 
DInr at RhiIItInder 
Colla. PIatI at TIll Shopworn Alpl 
"It CIIaae Shop, MIrIIyn's, liner's F-r 
And Mort 

WI'" II on till 2100 block of AYinidl dill Pllyl 
...... SIIorIIIMcllIIId La Jlllil _ DrlYI 

In frtMIIy La JIll SIlIns VI .... 

Walk on Down!! 
NEW WORLD RECORD CO. 

3211 Holiday Court 
La Jolla Phone 455-5580 

at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 
entry street to La Jolla Village Inn 

FINEST COLLECTIONS OF 
CLASSICAL, JAZZ and ROCK 

I ~RING THIS AD - SAVf50C I . Off OUR LOW PRICES! . 
Store Hours - Open 7 Days 

Daily 10 to 9:30 p.m. Sunday 11 to 6 p.m. 



iully·s 
Prime Rib 

Dining-
At its Best 

LaJoia 
459-2768 

Del Mar 
155-1660 

FRIDAY nilE 
rl~(K/ 

ALAN ARKIN 
... ~I--

. IIOIIERT DUVALL 
_I" ~ 'v . 

. VANESSA REDGIlAV£ ·.1Id NICOL WIl..1JAM5ON 
.. , ... ~, 

I roM ,1M- -, 8"1>' .~'" N~ 

THESEVEN-PER-CENT 
SOLUTION 

TonIgtttI U •• 2722 
7:00 a t:3G pm 

.. ~.~ 

Central Box Office, 452·4559 
Unlversll Event. Off Ice 

trIIIn lil211 

Jackson Browne is 
tops in universe 

by Tim MaekeDale 
AnI EdtlOr' 

You can teach an old dog new tricks, but itjuat 
takes a little patience. At least that's the 
indication I have of myself. For so many years I 
simply dismiased Jackson Browne as an 

. Ea,les/Linda Ronstaclt IJ'OUpie, saved from the 
welfare lines when they ,ave him a iii or two to 
play. Or maybe it was my impression of him aaa 
younl, green songwriter of candyassed 
material. But Jackson Browne has matured, 
and my appreciation of his talents has IJ'OWD' 
along with that maturity. His last LP TIle 
Pre&ender was the first step in that -direction. 
RanDIDI on Emp'y, his new album, will 
undoubtedly 10 down as a Jackson Browne 
landmark. 

There are a number of things about Em"y 
tbat are really neai . Firstly and most 
importantly was the concept behind the album. 
All of the songs were recorded on the road, from 
Holiday Inns to the Universal AmphitheatreaD(l 
even a recording done a bus. Raniag on Em"y 
has that feeling of being on the road , with just 
enough of a raw edge to put the listener in the 
proper frame of reference. 

One thing that seemed to be a change in 
Browne's album was his use of other persons' 
material. And while the material is all first-rate 
and very well suited for Browne, it still seems a 
wee big bit strange that a man best known for his 
songwriting talents would use as much foreign 
material as he did . Only two of the albums ten . 
tracks are composed exclusively by Browne, the 
rest being co-written or having other 
composers. 

It would be an injustice to talk about Jackson 
Browne without mentioning the excellent 
musicians who support him, namely The 
Section, composed of David Lindley, Russ 

JlICk80. BnMNIIe 
Kunkel, Leland Sklar and Danny Kortchmar. 
They seem to have a magical way with 
singer/songwriters, which is probably why they 
work James Taylor as well as Browne. 

My favorite cuts off of Emp'Y are the title 
track and another in the growing list of cocaine 
songs, entitled "Cocaine." .. Running On 
Empty" makes you want to jump in a car and 
take of{ down the road, while "Cocaine" makes 
you want to ... well, you know. When a musician 
can make you feel the music, you know he 's 
doing a job. I'm ready to concede that Browne is 
the top singer/songwriter in the universe , 
better now than even James Taylor. And that's 
saying something. Sorry Carly . 

"Fatha" p'erforms at Mandeyille 
Hines gives "near flawless show" 

formed trio and vocalist Marva . ' 
One of jazz 's legendary Josie, Hines, still going strong cro~d enjoyed hiS psu~l1o ­

figures, pianist Earl "Fatha" at 72·years-old, covered a wide comic but tasteful percusslo~ . 
Hines gave an almost legen- repertoire of music from the After a medley of LOUI S 
dary performance Wednesday 1920s to the 1960s. Using a Armstrong. Ja~k Teegarden 
evening before an overflow showman's nair, Hines enter- a.nd Duk,; E!lmgton tunes , 
audience at UCSD's Mandeville tained the crowd with humor- ~lDger ~OSI~. did four nlll:nber~ : 
Auditorium. ous anecdotes and captivated Inc!udmg .. ~ee See . Rider. 

Accompanied by his newly them with his piano magic While exhlbltlDg a wl~e. vocal 
• 

_______________________________ .. running seemingly improvisa- range and h~r ability ~o 
tional but carefully planned gracefully sustam notes, Josie 
perfect rolls. ~lightly ov~rplayed her playful 

Imagine your life hangs by a thread. 
Imagine your body hangs by a wire. 

Imagine you're not imagining. 

METRO GOlOWYN MAYER ",nents 

A MARTIN ERliCHMAN I\~"" A MICHAEl CRICHTON Ftn GENtvlEVE BUJOlD· MICHAEl DOUGLAS 
~~ 

; COMA" EliZABETH ASHlEY·RIPTORN-.lRICHARO WIUMARK r:Horr. MICHAEL CRICHTON 
_ an It.! ,.,... by MI.c Onc:ted ~ _ by 

ROBIN COOK'JERRY GOLOSMIIH· MICHAEl CRICHlON·MARTlN ERliCHMAN ~ 
L~ ,~ ,h ',.*, 0lIl ..... (011)$ ~ 

IIUltll( . SI 5(11 .501(1 'Ift~ I 

COMING TO A THEATRE NEAR YOUI 

Bassist Wesley Brown and Image With the aU~lenc e . 
reed soloist Eric Schneider are Nevertheless, her vOice and 
both new to the Hines' trio Hines' sidekick routine was 
which opened its recent tou; well. received. . 
just last Sunday in Los Angeles. ~.lDes, billed b~ Count Bas~e 
Schneider 's solo on alto as thegreatestplauoplayerm 
saxaphone highlighted the first the world" and consid~red to be 
of two hour long sets and his the Cather of modern Jazz, has 
backup on tenor sax and spawned greatta.lents as Sar~h 
clarinet was outstanding. Vaughan .and Billy Eckst~m . 

Drumer Eddie Graham, the He prOVides a strong link 
only holdover to Hines' trio , at betwee~ the 20s, when he 
times resembled a windup doll played With Arms!rong and the 
during his lengthy solo, butthe s~yl.e of today s younger 

CHARTERS 
APEX·SKYTRAIN 

Student Fares 
Europe-Hawaii 

Don'f Take Chances 
291-8141 

DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEL. INC. 

plamsts. 
Hines' near flawless show in 

the Mandeville reestablishes 
him as one of jazz's greats and 
as an entertainer extraordi· 
naire. 

- Steve Gould 
1' ................ ~ .• , ... , .. , ...... - ... -., 
\ [ 

"COMMUNITY' 
,BLOOD BANKf 
, " 983Ind •• 
'1 327 F Street , 

~ PAYS DONORS ( i for Service ~ 
( Mo • . - Frio ! 
t 233-5411 t 
; 234·4601 ' ~ ...... , .. , ......... ~~ ......... ~.£ 
,~ -:-TI-tEuao---------r 
I CATHOLIC COMMUNITY ' 
: Frida,. 8-1 t pm : 

" featu~~~~ c2l!ftnCe " U C . at Torrey Pines "Imperial Room" I~ ~-___ ~~~~~:2. ___ J 

. FrtdIJ,,.....,, a. 1177 

Local politic •••. 
(COftw.-i "- ..ae 1) 
elecdlltl council candidates 
citywide, because it requires 
lal'le amounts of campaip 
expenditures, gives "tremen-
doUS power" to "very 
conservative impulse&" like 
the wealthy and the media. 

Mills, Pte Senate President 
Pro Tem who has been called 
ne of the most powerful 
persons in the state, said the 
last election demonstrated 
hoW tbe citywide election 
method can create "an 
unrepresentative govern-
ment." 

As far as solutions to these . 
problems are concered, 
Hedgecock suggested involve-
ment of "iDteligent citizens" 
in local governments, O'Con-
nor a merging of city aDd 
county governments and Mills 
the election of City Council 
members by district rather 
than citywide. 

The three politicians also 
addressed several other 
topics, including the idea of 
electing local government 
oHicials on a partisap basis 
an d the question oC who 
controls decision-making in 
San Diego. 

Both Hedgecock and O'Con-
nor disagreed with the idea of 
partisan local elections. They 
both said such a change would 
allow candidates to hide 
behi nd party labels rather 
than campaigning on the 
issues. 

Mills said he saw some 
advantages to the idea, but 
stopped short of endorsing it. 
He added that the last 
electi ons , in which local 
Repu blicans openly sup-
ported candidates on a 
partisan basis, may " leave 
local Democrars no choice but 
to do the same in the future ." 

The next topic in this series 
is the state and power of San 
Diego media. It will Ceature 
KGTV-C hannel IG General 
Manager Clayton Brace, San 
Diego Union Associate Editor 
Peter Kaye and San Diego 
Magazine publisher Ed Self, 
and will take place next 
Thursday. 

The two remalDJDg topic in 
the series will be money and 
justice . 

LEARN TO FLY 

Califomia (Jliders 
Flight Training Center 

often 
Harig Gilding Instruction 

at aD Iewls-
IIOIIIce thru expert 

7o.~.week 

CertIfiId USHGA 1nttruc:t0l'1 

lor """- InformeIIon 
CONTACT 

AlBION CORPORATION 
8490 PRODUCnON AVE. 
SAN DIEGO. CAUFORNIA 

92121 
(714) 271·7110 

tritOD timeM 

tritontimes classifieds 
CLAllliIFl":O Abs 
-...,: ...... ,._. N_ ........... : ••. '"'I.~. 1AoI' F_ -= I .... I. lint U- .... M • ___ : W_. For _. T ..... t 

.-....lion ..... ~. _1AoI, F_. 
v_ .. .., ...... ,_ .a .. ..uN 
-_ .. _ .... __ "" ..... ." .... .., 
"',.. .......... ..,. ........ , ...... iI ..... .,. 

011 .... -. ....... _IN --....1 .... 
_II J .. ~II\I . 

personals 
To aU 1Ie __ .. ocIuMea; A Iillorwint.r 1m 
1Ie_ ".dualft iI pootH on 'be board outside tbe 
Re .. nt PI"O¥a.t·l otfiw. P&ea.e cheetilOmakelU~ 
your Mme II on it . If you bave any qvnltoaa. pleale 
_u."y.n. 
To J .... (t.be deli worVr willi the wautiful blue 
tJft) ; IlIIlnll YOU'''' mal.·D.I.B . I .... Revelle Deli 
WGmM W.tche" . 

0... 01 .... Uruv_ ......... ra a nd Impulle Ja .. 
will perform in s..,rovf> Park. Del Mar. Sat 11·$ 
11/" 

TM ...... Tiw Ear1 Q.en 01 Arna ... Sma llo .... 
T • . You were all cre:al in my bed .imuhaneou.ly· 
- POD (113) 
PARTY; l'eb. 4; '" B ..... C 01 Std. Ctr Daneln, '0 
live baacI . ref........, ..... ~td. ~ a.lIoor (213) 

Tanl Show Auditiou are next weell! Sian up at 
EDNA . 12131 

FERn: lAave u.epacka~inu.e lUiteFri. llpm No 
TrieU OR ELSE 12131 
r """' jallball bWt H_ II-Day. Clar. 

- Horatio l'oIlatio 11/31 

To G .. Ii. wlGuli. Jer..,y .......... yed Ice ..... 0)' 
' P"'I iT .. , HoUM or h .. 'e • .»etl. call ~n Crane 571· 
mll!1l1 • 

housinl 
Own room availalMe in Wind" Sea area apt &hated 
wl"'.rad 1st yard.lrom beach. 1571 mo. Jell 452· 
2*12 1213, 

4BR. 2B. boule on canyon park. 2 Ipl . mueh brick. 
Ilone .. tile work . $77 .• 0 • . n'·517C U / 3) 
ROOM TO SHARE. z-.n . ........ _.n .. or 
Mission 8each . • . 7S. I/. UlU. Non·lInOIIer . ... SMI 
even. j2l1l) 
Low ..- ....... i .. ill Del " ar. Find out. ret\Nr 10 
vote and Jau muJic !WoA_N'V. p"rt "-I Mar. Silt . 
11·5 12131 

services 
ProteJliolkl,1 Tnune . RCiuonable Rales UiM 
Correctin. Se~1nc. {'all (or Free Ellimate. Gail 
411·7>40. (II') 
TJPl .. · .. IlCOIftCIioII IBM _ric lenn P ........ 
, ....... tic. e'pt'rltneed 4$2·1. eveniap. (III') 
TYPING! IB .. SeIo<:lrIc aenn ...... n . .... _ . PhD. 
_rtoU_. ecliUotp. RUSH JOBS • _. _ 
1171. _ . 462·1111 III" 

TYPING - Manlyn WClUld lite '0 1011111 yourlJ""" 
needs - ..... rt. rea_able . .... ,B .. . Call Z7H7Z1. 
121171 

KI .... r'.rten ...... i .... , Sandy Hill C .. op. Solana 
Bel> . Small c l .... ; ruatIc . open. Call _74 1213) 

NEED A TYPIST? Ile ........ b .. r..... SPEEDY 
SERVICE. IBM .. 11 ....... """101. Kathie m.1I29t 
aher 12:10 noon. (31111 

PROI'ESSIONAL THESIS I MANUSCRIPT 
TYPING E.perionced. 'lIor ...... ly lamillar , ..... 
alllorm' >Iyle requl .... ments Rulli jobo accepted 
IBM t.:OtTe('tlllC Selecl"c II typewriter. Oa), SiS-
UtI. ev, 516-2947 I6l iH 

RESEARCH PAPERS - Thou .. nd. on /lie. 12.7> 
per Plte Oneina) l'e:Jearch alao available . ~ud 
'LIM ror c .... , ... NATIONAL RESEARCH ,_ 
Wi,.h,,,, no 214 LA _4. 12131 479-11191 . 13/17) 

MEN' - WOMEN' 
JOBS ON SHIPS! American Forelln . No 
experience requJred. Ex~Ue-nt Ply. Worldwide • 
travel. SUn'lfMf job or career. Send U .OO tor 
information. SEAFAX. Dept . IH Box _ . Pm 
Anle .... Washi .. too 1131Z. IVf) 
FREE SERVICE·We will re.lster you to vOle (or 
loweo.t houlina In Del Mar. Saturday 11 .5, 
Sea,rove Pan: (2 /:U 

for sail 
. ' •• " Lopez Li,hlenin, Bolt Jurlboard ,ood 
conditlon ' 60 c all Brad UI · •• J2 12 / 6) 
Jm MGB. exceUenl mechanically. k)oks areat 
i.ide • oul, wi~ whee". Flit . call morna or • 1M-
1159 (113) 

Couch. kJve .al, 2 coffee tables and recliner cbair· 
.cood~ . • nly"l0 411-0257·S.ndyar"'r5pm 12131 
Vam .... I;'GltO 5lee11l. lu,"'r perf. concl. 7 yr. old 
,reat tone . • aclJon uo%rr w/use Call Oan .as+ 
"" 12131 ' 
78 VW But ,ood cond low mllea .. 1210 dolla .. or 
belt o((rr evenina. and wftkeDCb. f53.02.52 (liS) 

Guiljr clanic al " Ellrella " with new calf 
ExceUenl cond III or bell offer uk for Ltm4S3-&311 
1211., 

For ute-vel')' old component at.ereo and tuner. m 
Ch ... 1n1Oll, ' UO I.r " hour. II) 417..1454. 121. ) 

wanted 
N .... re.pon.ible. kld-Iovl .. ,uy ID be com paalon ID 
10 yr old 1 or 2 ~Y'/wk La Jolla Shore.. Barbara 
454-171. (21101 

Crnuvo Art MoJor ,odeslltn Iabel •• ndadVfftiJ .... 
layout. Frlzi~ Farml t05 W .. Grand, £loCOOdido. CA 
_ 745-72111 12131 

WaDted~Part·lime po.ition (or eollif,e Itudent 
in&ernled In .poru wntina for Del Marnewapaper 
Experience In phOl ... r.phy P .... r.r ...... Phone 7s&-
,.,.9 121" 
UO/ hr , modellnl nude for an" independent 
pholOIrapher Send name. addreu . ............ . 
belt lime .... "bed by phone 10 Bo. :I25Z so. Diet • • 
CA 11211l. All repli .. held coolide.tIally . Rererence. 
available. (21S) 

WANTED' Everyone join u.J at Sel,rove Park 111 
Del Mar r.r Hot Ja .. Coacert. S.t The ..... 11-5 
(211) 

Sure would love 2 tick-eta to lhe Kina Tut ubibl' in 
LA IP"'r. SOt .r SUn ) call C_y W..s3IO (VI) 

. traYl' 
BOOK ON CAM PUS. Europe. Ha .. ail and New 
York Charter f'lllhts. C1EE Studtnt Travel S.uclea. 
C .. ,er 8-023. Open WtHday. tH. Call W'-
(1111) 

Trav.ltoSeaJT'Ov~ Park in Del Mar, Sawrday , 11 -$ 
r.r Jazz eonc:..rt .nd low co., b ........ IQfo. (.213) 

Lost 1126 m J9!t ~re!!&!Q.~/j_ tin, 
Reward lor return . 411 ·8320. Very val uab'e 

~l"IOnallY 

The TI-S7. The super slide-rule that'll 
get you into programming ... fast and easy. 

Even if JOU've never programmed before. 
For the student who re-

quires slide-rule functions, the 
TI-57 delivers an exceptional 
combination of advanced 
mathematical and statistical 
capabilities. From functions 
such as trig, logs, powers, roots 
and reciprocals ... to mean, var-
iance, standard deviation and 
much more. J 

And as long as you're in 
the market for a luper slide-
rule calculator, why not buy 
one that can also put the power, 
speed and convenience of pro-
.... amming at your disposal? 

Programming a calculator 

simply means giving it a logical 
set of instructions for accom-
plishing what you want it to 
do. Programming enables you 
to solve lengthy and repetitive 
problems 
quickly 
by sub-
stituting 
new vari-
ables into 
the set of 
instructions 
which you 
have al-
ready entered into the machine. 

-The end result is more effi-

cient use of your time in prob-
lem-solving. 

All this and more is ex-
plained in our unique, illus-
trated, easy-to-follow guide-
book, "Making Tracks Into 
Programming." This 200-page 
book comes with the TI-57. It 
contains simple, step-by-step 
instructions and examples to 
help you quickly learn to use 
programming functions to 
make your problem -solving 
falter, more acc~rate and fun. 

TfXAS INSTlUM~TS ~ 
••• INNOVATOUIN 

PEISONAl. ElECTlONICS 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
INCORPORATED 



She had to marry him. 
She was too embarrassed 

to have him as a date. 

A Carl Reiner Fi lm 

HENRY WINKLER 
• 

IS 

l~ 
P",mount PKtU'tI P'estn A (1J\t An" P,oo ... ,oo 

Henry Winkler is "The One and Only" Kim Darby Gene Saks 
William Daniels Harold Gould Herve Villechaize Written by 
Steve Gordon Executive Producer Robert Halmi Produced by 

Steve Gordon and David V. Picker Directed by Carl Reiner 

~_=!~=~ ~~~~t;t;Ca;~~~~~ IJ~_~1 

Parkway ~ C.II Th .. ,rt 
1'" ". KMf ~. U 9 7800 for S hOW 

Tun •• 

Frontier Co-Ht1: 
Marlo Thoma. 

"Th_" 

Large 
Inventory 

Sale 
Great savings on a 
se le cti on of beauty 
products. 

'Iarge 
care 

La Jolla 
uty upply 

for all your beauty needs 

Men-Sat. 9:00-5:00 
459·0556 

705 Pearl St. 
Jolla 

triton times 

AS objects 
to Warren 
College name 

Amid half-jokilll threats to 
carry out a guerrilla-style 
campaign against sign posts, 
the AS Council voted Wednes-
day night to no longer recognize 
the name of Earl Warren for 
what they will henceforth call 
"Fourth" College. 

Introduced by student 
welfare commissioner Barry 
Hyman, the resolution stated in 
part, "The procedures followed 
in the renaming of Fourth 
College as Earl Warren College 
are not acceptable to the 
ASUCSD . The AS does not 
recognize the name of Earl 
Warren for Fourth College." 

According to Hyman, by the 
resolution the AS is attempting 
to show " solidarity" with those 
" pissed" by the name of Earl 
Warren. Hyma n said, " Listen, 
the man is dead. He doesn 't 
care if we don ' t w a nt hi s 
name." 

Various objections 
Council members expressed 

various reasons for their 
objections to the renaming of 
Fourth College for the former 
California governor and 
Supreme Court Chief Justice. 
Third Colle2e representative 
Gracie Zavala mentioned that 
some students objected to 
Warren because of his involve-
ment with the internment of 
Japanese-Americans during 
the second world war. 

'78 DATSUN 
B-210 

TOP ECONOMY 
Plus GOOD LOOKSI 
• GX HA TCHtACI( 
• 4·000R SEDAN 

(Standard or O.lu •• ) 
• 2-000R SEDAN 

(Stondord or O. lu • • ) 
. ---

One Of The Country's 
Largest Datsun Facilities 

SAN DIEGO 
DATSUN 

lit. I. , ... ·1II·ltM 
..... VALUY 
,~ ......... ... 

eft 'l"' ..... - -......, 

Friday, February 3,1177 

"Prudent" energy 
course reques~ed 

by William Justin 
S&aff Writer -

Regents' Lecturer Alvin Weinberg, discussing his " Reflections 
on the Energy War" last week, called for " a prudent course" 
combining nuclear and solar technology to meet future energy 
needs. 

A fonner Oak Ridge National Laboratory Director and a 
nuclear reactor design pioneer, Weinberg reported " a growing 
polarization" over energy systems which has " come to a head 
over the nuclear debate, Stripped of rhetoric," asked Weinberg, 
"can the sun replace uranium?" 

"On one side," explained Weinberg, "are whatI call the energy 
radicals," naming Amory Lovins, Barry Commoner and Ralph 
Nader. Lovins coined the tenn " soft" energy techniques to 
encompass decentralized, renewable energy sources, including 
sun, wind, organic - also known as "biomass" - conversion and 
geothermal, which are combined and matched to end-use needs . 

Civil war 
On the other side art: energy conservatives, for whom, Weinberg 

said, the soft path is " unreasonable and elitist. " With the debate 
becoming more and more strident, Weinberg feels " waging civil 
wa r in the face of uncertainties is dangerous. We need peac 
treaties in the energy wars." 

Nevertheless, Weinberg believes the " exclusivity of energy 
radicals to the sun" - by which, he later explained, he meant th~ 
soft technologies ~ "is short-sighted. The solar utopia," in his 
view, would be expensive and inconvenient, "a factor of three to 
five higher than current electric energy from either nuclear or 
coa l. " Disagreeing with Lovins , Weinberg felt a solar 
committment forgoing nuclear power would take "a heroic 
political decision made on other than economics." 

Noting that fossil fuels must be conserved not only because th 
supply is limited but because they pollute the atmosphere, 
Weinberg cautioned that " conservation does not come without 
expenditure of energy," a possible outcome being " you use more 
energy than you save." He pointed to time as " another finite 
resource" adding, " man has always wanted to use more energy to 
conserve time." A solar path, Weinberg believes, would sacrifice 
time for energy . 

Concern 
Weinberg , who is not confident about fusion technology 

development, a lso admitted some concern over nuclear fission . He 
believes any nuclear release into the environment " is 
unacceptable. The aim of the nuclear program must be to avoid 
accidents ." He feels waste disposal and proliferation are 
" secondary issues," citing a recent American Phyiscal Society 
report which "concluded the technical problems of high-level 
waste disposal are largely resolved and merely await a full-scale 
demonstration." Not storing wastes in salt domes, said Weinberg, 
" has been one of the great institutiona l failings of the nuclear 
program." 

Calling for a "rationa l Siting policy," Weinberg said nuclear 
energy plants must be confi ned to as few places as possibl , 
"essentially to existing site . It would be somewhat like the 
committment to National Parks , giving institutiona l stability ." 
Again differing with Lovins , Weinberg believes nuclear 
generating stations would lead to more, not less, decentralized in 
society . " It is ironic," noted Weinberg, " that Roosevelt, in 1936, 
said rural electrification bas d on central power is the key to 
Jeffersonian democracy ... an instrument of decentralization ." 

Only ball game 
Weinberg has " never been a great admirer" of the fast breeder 

reactor, but testified before Congress in favor of the Clinch River 
breeder project " not because it' the best ball game in town but the 
only one." 

Having served as director of the Federal Energ y 
Administration's Office of Energy Research and Development in 
1974, Weinberg currently heads the Institute for Energy Analy is , 
a research organization affiliated wi th the Oak Ridge Associated 
Universities. 

Give it a shot. 
SATURDAY 

Feb. 4th, 
San Diego 

Mariners 
vs. 

San Francisco 
Shamrocks 

2nd Annual 
Pizza Bowl 
(Fr e pilla 0 P\l~'nJr'np 
pr sent If Mariners win .) 
25~ BEER 

NITE 2244176 
Mariners Hockey at the Sports Arena. 

----~~------- -


