
Advisory Committee students 
request $1 03,000 Reg. fee refund 

by Mark Stadler 
The student members of the 

Advisory Committee Oh 
Student Fee Programs, who 
wa lked out of a comm~ttee 
meeting last week, will release 
a statement next week asking 
that $103,000 of state money 
pent by acting student affairs 

vice-chancellor Howard Hunt 
be replaced by Chancellor 
McElroy. 

The seven student members 
temporarily withdrew from the 
committee to protest Hunt's 
allocation of the money, which 
the students contend should 
have been banked, until the 
committee could make recom-
mendations on its use. 

(Last year, the committee 
made budget allocations based 
on the expectation of receiving 
486,000 from the state legisla-

ture, to supplement registra-
tiort fee funds. At that time, the 

committee urged that any statE: 
funds received in excess of the 
$486,000 be saved, for future 
consideration. 

(However, when UCSD 
received $103,000 in additional 
state money this summer, Hunt 
allocated it to a variety of 
student affairs services and 
contractual agreements.) 

Since the students withdrew, 
they have met together to 
decide what action they should 
take, committee student co-
chair Marsha Harris said 
yesterday. In addition, she 
said, they have talked with 
representatives of the AS and 
the college governments, and 
with the five administrative 
members of the committee. 

Ski Club heads for slopes 
at Jackson Hole carnival 

by Kilty RobinsoD 
Copy Editor 

Jackson Hole in the summertime is a tourist trap. Vacationers 
on thei!' w .. y to Yellowstone usually stop for half a day, browse 
through the shops, buy tee shirts and cowboy hats and Grand 
Tetons calendars, and snarl traffic on the narrow streets. 

But in the wintertime, Jackson Hole is transformed into one of 
the best skiing areas in the country. Jackson Hole plus snow is a 
cozy little Wyoming town full of ski bums from all over the western 
United States. 

Enter 1500 University of California students just finished with 
fall quarter finals week. 

What you get is the 24th annual All-Cal Winter Carnival. It would 
be more appropriately called the All-Cal Winter Invasion. 

The ski clubs . .on all eight UC campuses reserve hotels and 
condominiums in Jackson, and, according to. one ski club member, 
"The students move in and take over the whole town for a week." 

Pay up 
The price of the trip is $166, which includes a bus ride there and 

back, lift tickets, five nights hotel lodging, a ski lesson, races and 
parties. For an extra $28 a skier can stay in a condo (rather than a 
hotel) and for $25 skis, boots and poles can be rented for the week. 

Is there a catch? Just one: only ski club members are eligible to 
go on the Jackson Hole trip or any of the numerous other trips 
planned for the season. 

To become a member of the ski club, a student must pay the $5 
dues. The membership card is a license to go on all ski club 
sponsored trips, package deals with prices that are hard to beat. 

(Continued on page 12) 

By the middle of next week, 
the students expect to have a 
firm statement of their 
feelings, which they will offer 
for discussion at next week's 
committee meeting, Harris 
aid. 

As of yesterday, the students 
had agreed on three main 
points fortheir statement. They 
are: 

- that the Chancellor replaee 
the money spent by Hunt 
(committee members at least 
want the replacement of $64,000 
of Hunt's allocations, which 
represents the portion of the 
$103,000 not spent on contract-
ual agreements) ; 

-that there be a revision of 
the commmittee's policy and 
procedure manual , which 
Harris said is six years out-of-
date; and 

-that the money allocated 
by Hunt "not be considered as 
pa rt of the (committee ' s) 
budget base for the coming 
year, but rather come to the 
committee as proposed incre-
ments (or small additions) to 
the previous budget , to re 
justified before approval! 
rejection by the-committee. 

When the student committee 
members met with student 
government representatives 
Tuesday night, the representa-
tives "expressed confidence in 
what we're doing," Harris said. 

The committee's administra-
tive members also indicated 
support for the students ' 
actions, student member 
Kenzie Nicoll said yesterday. 

According to Nicoll, W drren 
College dean Gary Frost told 
him, in reference to the 
walkout, "Don't feel apologetic 
for what you did because you're 
right. " 

Decision delayed 
on Vice-chancellor 

The Vice -chancellor of 
Student Affairs Search Com-

o mittee, whose recommenda-
tions were originally due in 
September, will not finalize its 
recommendations until the end 
of the month, the Triton Times 
has learned. . 

The committee, which was 
picked by Chancellor McElroy 
to weed out candidates for the 
Vice-chancellor of Student 
Affairs post, had expected to 
reach its final conclusions 
Wednesday. 

However , according to 
sources close to the committee, 
the members were unable to 
decide which of the seven final 

candidates should be recom-
mended to McElroy. 

Since committee chairperson 
Murray Goodman is leaving 
today for a two-week trip to the 
World Health Organization 
meeting in Bangkok , the 
committee decided to delay any 
further meetings until Good-
man's return . 

This means the committee's 
recommendations will not be 
forwarded to McElroy until the 
end of the quarter, and that the 
Chancellor's final selection of 
the new Vice-chancellor will 
probably not be made until the 
winter break. 

-Mark Stadler 

Competitio. betwee. Te_ya a.d Tioga dorm hall. h .. 
m.n.ged 10 Incen.e firemen .nd c.mpu. pollee. 

Muir dormitory rivalry 
"alarms" local fi remen 

by Mjkh Wallis 
Staff Writer 

If you live on the Muir campus, you may be aware of a strong 
feeling of competition existing between the two dormitories: 
Tioga and Tenaya. 

The rivalry began with a large banner pinned on Tenaya reading 
"Tioga Sucks" promptly followed by a large sign on Tioga reading 
" Tioga may suck but Tenaya Swallows! " 

The competition has led to current illegalities ... the pulling of 
fire alarms. 

Alarmed by alarms 
During the past two weeks there have been six fire alarms 

pulled in UCSD, four of which have been pulled on Muir, and all of 
Nov. 9, Wednesday, at 10:30 pm another false fire alarm was 

pulled in Tioga Hall, this time followed by a lightening-speed 
throng of administrators and campus police. 

At first it appeared to be a just "another" alarm. Police 
evacuated the building and asked a few questions. But something 
was wrong, something was missing ... 

The Fire Department didn't respond! Evidently. someone 
(campus police?) had informed them there was no fire. Another 
difference with the reaction to this alarm was that once students 
returned to the building an entire floor of Tioga was questioned. 

Where were you at the time of the alarm? 
Who was the first person you saw upon leaving your room? 
And more extensive questioning continued until around 

midni,ht. 
these have come from either Tioga or Tenaya. Don Raub. Muir 
resident counselor, commented, " The case of the interbuilding 
rivalry went too far ." 

These false alarms are referred to by firemen as " malicious" 
meaning voluntarily committed in an act of criminality. The 
procedure following a false alarm is as follows: Campus police are 
alerted by wired signal. They then alert the San Diego Fire 
Department Dispatch. Finally Local Fire Station Number 35 is' 
notified . Once informed , Station 35 sends five fire-fighting 
apparatae and a staff car to the scene. These machine are 
manned by an initial 22 men. 

When asked how he felt about the Muir false alarms, Fir 
Department spokesman D. Str k ma ai d , " System 
malfunctions we dO!l ' t resent. We do resent immature people who 
don't realize the type of consequences that can result. " Struksma 
went on to say that " people in our society tend not to take fires and 
firemen seriously. Most people feel it can't happen to them; it will 
happen to another person." 

The fact of the matter is that ever} time the fire department 
responds to a code three (a false alarm) the public is being 
endangered, Struksma commented. 

Culprita escape 
Also directly involved with the crisis is the Campus POllee. When 

asked what happens to a student caught pulling a false alarm, 
police spokesman Clark Martin said, " I'm not aW3~ of anyone 
ever being caught. " However, if the criminal were apprehe!lded, 

(Continued on page lZ) 



De fStudentdisplays~~~~~~~~~F~~'~~.~~~11.~~ 
, a" egative attitude" " " 

A8 mem n uf the Disabled in administrative, legal and I:? 
Student. 011 we found Cyru.., personal matten, yet they can 
Colbum'IJ, ,'CbronicleofaDeaf not be expected to wave a 
Student' to ha ve a very malic wand and make type-
ne,atave 11 tude. writers appear. Yes, thescbool 

Fint of aU concerniDi the has lots of money and so does 
iI8ue ot ootainiDi a typewriter. t:ehab . Reha~ is there to 
TypewritendoDOtjustturnup allocate monies for type-
in class. A lot of pre-planning writen, notetalten aDd finally 
must be .Ione to, coordinate a to learn how to sip. 
special situation. In mainstreaming our efforts ~":-' ::-=::::;;;:;~===:::j t-::=:;:~==~::::;=~ I-::====:!!~~I!::J 

To be direct, wbat we throughout the campus facm- Vice Chan 11 '; i.e:. ' ~ 
resented in the article is tbat we ties we can help students -CeOf S oJ)ce accused 
of the DSU bave never met you, achieve their goals, working S t d t · h ' 
Cyrus,andyetsomeoneisinthe together aids all. Ther.e i~ U en S WIt draw from comml-tte' e 
DSU 15-20 hours a week. Why always the alternative ol 
not contact those like you who ' learning American Sign . Th~ Present Committee was gravely I funds without Committee consUltation and in 
have special needs and have Language, thus you could get disturbed by the published reports that $107 000 I several cases in defiance of the expressed wiD of 
experience in how to achieve almost all lectures verbatim. had been ~isappropriated by the vi'ce- the Committee. 
those needs. We can not force Very little is given to us in this chancellor Without consultation with last year's 3) The Vice-chancellors refusal to freeze even 
handicapped students to join world, and much can be given Committee .and in some cases against the t~e unexpended portions of the $107.000, is a 

~sy yet we are powerful in when asked for through the expressed Will of that Committee. direct affront to the Committee and to the 
aldin, our own stUdents. For ch I th st d t bod instance, we have a list of anne s at are experienced The Reg. Fee Committee is responsible for' e ~ e~ y ~nd signals. ~he breakdown of 
volunteer students that would in ::sr eS~ia~ ~~;i t h two drawing up and monitoring a four million dollar U~:tl~: meanmfful partiCipation of students 
havr. transcribe(l your tapes s t' 1 P I annual budget. Since these funds derive mostly r e presen slruct~re. 
within a few days. ugges IOns: . re-p an; being from direct student payments the Committee 4) Personnel of the Vlce-chancellor's Office 

There are always alterna- ~:!~:~h~f~Zn~: a~~~~ has the ponderous task of'insuring that :bo were aware of the office's commitments of 
tives to feeling that people are plished by you. 2. Workwithtbe pro.grams and services provided by these funds C/617~t and 4/27/77 to co~sult with ' the 
in ~ " collective conspiracy" DSU, we work with all the be 10 the student interest and reflect the needs b o~ml tee, pr!or to realJ~ation of ~Ia?, and 
agalDst you . The Disabled departments including DSS. and aspirations of the student body. The u ~~ry ~avmg~, act~ Irresponsibly ID not 
Student Services (DSS) was set 1be Memben of &be Disabled ' Committee is also responsible for setting appns. ng e Acting VIce-chancellor of these 
up to aid handicapped student. campus fee levels and is strongly committed to commitments. ~~~~~~~!!If2!!!~~ .. _____ slCl'lCIudlClelClnlClll_Uonloo .. n the maintenance of fees at levels which can Irs s.tudents cbarged w!th insuring tbat 

I UC_DIoeoU-.MyI_OIIIoo__ provide students necessary services without a ocati?ns of student monies be made in a Robert Sacch.- I-a imposing untoward financial strain responsible manner, we can only express shock Th d ' . and outrage at these actions of tbe Vice 
Hia 0 .. IDa •• how e .. eep concern we felt .was reflected in our chancellor's Office. We have therefore decided declslO~ to convene heanngs on the $107,000 to withdraw from the committee ' 

allocations and take testimony from former meet and confer with th pr:ocess and 
Committee members as well as the Acting Vice- determine whether our con~n~~d:~ '~Yti to 
chancellor for Student Affairs. Liltewise we in this Committee w{1I service any w ~:ih·fn strongl~ rec~mmended that funds ~ frozen by end. We will also work to formul te °t ~ I el the Actmg VIce-chancellor cha g h ' h '11 a s ru ura 

BOGEY'S BACK! 
.n evening .,Ith Humphre" Bog.rt 
~S.cclti'~ ~Hrt i •• t.rtlias a.4 •• rie ... j ••• tit. "'.Y h. aNd to be 

IIY .. 0\11..... will be _Ughtedl" New York Daily New.. . 

TONIGHT! Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD Studen .. $3.50: G.A. '$4.50 " 

Tteket. It UCSD Box Office 452.4559 
~OOOO~~~~U~Q~CCCO~~~~-oOOGOGOOOoooocao~~~ 

MONDAY NIGHT 
FOOTBALL FROUCI 
See the game on Color TV in our cock-
tail lounge and Crystal Room. Happy 
Hour 95< cocktails and wine (rom 2 
p.m. until 2 a .m. Hot and cold hors 
d'Of'pvres until 7 p.m. 

ENJOY OUR 
LINEBACKER SPECIAL! 
Char-br~iled steak, avocado and 
t?mato on toasted french roll, king-
!11K French fries and toned salad with 
Elario's special dre88ingt 

Atop the Summer Houlle Inn 
Torrey Pines Rd • • t 
La 10lla Shore. Dr. 

Aft.er heari~g testimo~y from the above the ~u:~:. IC WI prevent sucb usurpations in 
mentIoned partie~, ~e have determined that: JARED DREICER A.8 

, I) ~he appropnabon of $107,000 was in direct KEVIN O'CONNOR G S C' ~. 
vI,olatlOn of agreements reached between the MARSHA BAR' •.. ooqr. 
VIce-chancellor's Office and the Committee that VANDI LlNSTRRJ:' ~~::: 
such funds ~ere to be placed in reserve: BARB McPHERSON Re' eUe • 

2) ~he Vice-chancellor flagrantly violated KENZIE NICOLL' W.!ren Rep. 
established campus prOCedures by allocating GARY MOSER, IDlerlm Mair =:: 
SATs gain more importance in 

~~D?~~p~ .. !~:nof~;w~w~ .. ~~~~Sthle· 0abl~II'tyS policy' 
procedure to the University of California board to analytically solve 
of Regents, a faculty representative asked the problems. . . 
Board members to accept the proposal -The Educational Testmg Service admits 
"faith ." on that students who come from the lower I 

Governor Brown 'who serves as a Re ent segments of the economic spectrum do not score 
reminded the professor that the Universif of as well on the test as middle- and upper-class 
California is a university and not a church.y students. ~: T.S .. has stated ~at those who come 

That exchange illustrates what is perhaps the from familIes With ann~al mcomes of $7,000 or 
most preSSing question about the admissions less score a full 100 pomts bel~w the average. pro~~al; wi~1 its implementation reverse the Twenty-seven ~rcent of families in CalHomia 
dechmng skills of incoming freshmen? This have ~nnual IDcomes of less than $7,000 
problem has been deemed " the funda.:nental accord~ng to. the latest census. 
issue" by UC President Saxon. -l!Dlverslt~ ~f C~Ii~orn~a administrators 

Th.e new admissions plan requires of UC unveiled statistiCs l~dlcatlDg that. o~ those 
applicants: 1) a fourth year of high school students who were eligible for adrrusslon this 
English; 2) a mathematics achievement test. ~~st year, .but who wou~d be ineligible if the 
and 3) a minimum index score based on ~ . .T. req,ulr~ment were m effect, 31.6% would 
formula which decreases the importance of the have ~n minority students. In other words, a 
high school grade point average and increases significant n~n:tber of minOrity students (who 
the significance of a standardized test the are fully quabfled ~y ~urren~ standards) would 
Scholastic Aptitude Test (S.A.T.>. ' suddenly become mellgible If the S.A.T. were 

These new requirement do not raise UC used to deu:rmin~ admissions. 
admissions standards, but rather shift the If. ~ test IS !Iot.recon:tmended for admiSSions 
emphasis from the student's proven ability _ dec1S~ons and Its !DcluslOn results in increasing 
the high school point average to a mo the disadvantage to low income and minority 
speculative measure _ a stand~rdized te:: students, why incorporate the test into the new 
Some of those who could once enter the formula? 
University on the basis of their high school The reasons given are as inconclusive as is the 
grades will now have to achieve a certain test data. which have been caUed "soft" by UC 
scoreorbedeniedadmission.Ontheotherhanlk PreSident ~axon and "Oakey" by Governor 
some of those who could not enter the Universit' Brown. It IS pretty 'much conceded that the 
of California because their high school grade~ S.A.T .. can p~ct how well some students will 
w.ere too low can now be admitted if they achieve do durn.!g their first year of college. Beyond that 
higher scores on the test. determu~ation, the value of the test is more 

The debate centered around the hUt from speculative. Ironically, no one contends that the 
grade point average to standardized test with test measures the abill~y to write, the major th~ Regents adopting the proposal on a v~te of concern of those promoting the new admissions 
thirteen to twelve procedure. 

Why the contro~ersy? The ma!" reason for the debate was that a 
- Many doubted the wisdom of the shirt The near . majority of the Board of Regents 

company that developed the SAT ' and questioned ~e wisdom of incorporating a test 
administers the test, the Educatio~al' T~sting th.:f. has as Its sole demonstrable benefit Is ,the 
Service (E.T.S) advises that it be used with a I Ity. to predict fi~t-rear college grades and 
caution. They.do nol recommend the S.A. T. be such disturbing llablllt!es. 
ItllPfi fnr ;!rimlssions decisions, but rather for S The only relationship that 'Inclusion of the 
diagnostic purposes. The U(; admissions plan .A.T . . test had to the "fundamental iuue" of 
used the test for admissions determinatiQns. r.eve~~ng the decline of freshmen skillB was the 

- While the test is called an "aptitude" test faith oflhefacultythatthosewlthhlgbertest 
that reference is a misnomer The SAT testS scores would somehow be better studentl. 
the areas of verbal and math~matic~1 skills by From the University of California, one 
presenting the test taker with a rapid series of expects more than an argument based on faith. 
short pro~lems and questions. Critics of the MICHAEL SALERNO 
S.A.T. claIm the ,est measure glib knowledge Studen' Re,eD' 

-

A bi-weekl 

Sen DIego police ottlca< Ron Hobeon 1tucIIH • .."or( cIurIn9 • reCenl petrol. cPlloto: ..... ,.. "-"~ 
- , 

O fficer Ron Hobson usually patrols his beach area alone, Crul-sl-ng the dark from 4: 30 in the afternoon to 
12: 30 at night , Tonight 

however, we are riding along with him. - h 
Margaret is taking the pictures and I streets at Dig t 
am writing the story. We explain that 
we want to write about a typical night in 
a cop's life, adding that we hope -th th I 
something exciting happens, to give the WI e aw 
story a little color. 

Hobson won't make any guarantees 
" It doesn't happen like Adam-12," he 
says, "where they go to the scene of a 
burglary, then to a robbery, What they 
do in one day, we do in 30 to 60 days." 
Throughout the evening, Hobson tries to 
make clear the distinction between the 
T.V. cop and the real cop. It is a 
distinction that is hard to make. 

Hobson doesn't look much like a T.V. 
cop, apart from his'modishly long hair 
and mustache. He is short, maybe 5'8", 
and stocky, He chews sour grape gum 
from a package that he found in the 
back of the squad car. He proves to be a 
willing subject for our interview. being 
both candid and talkative. As we drive 
to his Pacific Beach beat, he tells us that 
he has been a policeman for 5 years, 
after spending two years at a Junior 
college earning a degree in cnminal 
Justice. Now he is a .first class 
pa trolman, making $14,000 a year. 
Hobson says he has wanted to be a 
policeman "ever since I was a school 
patrol boy in the 4th grade," and has 
never considered any other career. 

The woman's voice comes on over the 
radio, broadcasting the evening's 
crimes in a nasal drone. Some of the 
reports are bizarre; others routine. 
The juxtaposition of the trivial and tne 
serious, the number and variety of 
reports, makes you realize that San 
Diego is a big city. Hobson says he only 
half-listens to the radio most of the time. 
When he hears the code 1M-John, he 
leans over and turns up the volume. 

Our first call Is for a burglary at a 
Pacific Beach apartment. "I hope this 
one doesn't take a long time," Hobson 
says. "I really hate bur,laries, because 

. by Sara J. Lowen 
of all the paperwork. " According to 
Hobson, today's cop is, to a large extent, 
a bureaucrat, spending from 40 to 50 
percent of his time making out reports. 
A fifteen minute chase that Hobson was 
involved in recently required 3 to 4 
hours of paperwork. This seems to be 
the nature of the job: moments of 
excitement followed by long stretches 
of monotonous routine. 

We arrive at the sightofthe burglary, 
a Pac;fic Beach apartment. Apparent-
ly, the burglar climbed in through an 
open kitchen window, took a T.V. set 
and a few dollars in change and left 
through the front door. The investiga-
tion proceeds, in true Dragnet style. 
The women who were robbed offering 
hypotheses about the crime, Hobson 
maintaining a "just the facts Ma'am" 
demeanor. One of the women tells us 
she is sure that the burglar was a girl, 
"because she climbed in right over the 
kitchen sink and didn't break any of the 
,lasses sitting in it." When Hobson 
Ignores this suggestion, she speculates 
that perhaps the burglar was one of 
their neighbors, "whom we baven't 
gotten along with too well. I complained 
to the manager about her a couple 
times." Hobson doesn't give much 
credence to this theory either. After 
Hobson gives the woman a few· tips on 
crime prevention, we leave. 

All he sits in the car making out his 
report, Hobson says It's pretty typical 

for people to hypothesize about crimes. 
"Everyone thinks they' re an amateur 
detective. You have to learn what to 
take seriously and what to ignore." 

It is getting dark and Hobson predicts 
that we should be getting some 415s 
(fights, disturbances, drunks) pretty 
soon, since it's a Friday night. Our next · 
call, however, is for another burglary. 
Hobson sounds disappointed . " I get 
frustrated by all the paperwork," he 
says. He puts a piece of the sticky purple 
gum in his mouth and we head for Mount 
Soledad. 

"This is a hard job. You have to know 
what to do in a number of instances. You 
have to calm people down , be a 
psychologist , marriage counselor, 
friend. One minute you ' ll be at an 
accident scene and see two mangled 
bodies, all cut up, and the next minute 
you 'll see a little girl waving at you." 

Hoblon says he has become callous 
about seeing accident victims , 
explaining, " you have to, or you won't 
last a week." Even so, the job takes its 
toll . On the average, policemen live only 
two years after retirement. Policemen 
have one of the highest suicide rates, in 
a profession-by-profession breakdown. 

How has the job affected HobIoa7 
"Well, it's not ajobyoucanforptaa..t 
as soon as you' re off duty . It', alwa,. 
there. I can't go right home after work; 
I have to unwind, watcb T.V., cal_. 
on paperwork, have a beer or two ... 

• 

get depressed sometimes, but I don't let 
it get to me." 

The second burglary, at an expensive 
Mount Soledad home, is much more 
extensive than the first. The front door 
knob has been twisted off, drawers are 
overturned, clothes and jewelry spilled 
on the floor. A chicly dressed young 
woman and her junior ex~culive 
husband show us around. As she guides 
us through the house, the woman uses 

her elbows to flick on light switches and 
pick up objects , much to our 
bewilderment. " Didn't want to mess up 
the fingerprints ," she explains. " Wp"re 
just doing what we' ve seen them do on 
police shows ," her husband adds . 
Hobson tells them that there 's not much 
chance of getting a print from a light 
switch anyway , since it ·s already 
covered with their own prints, but the 
woman seems unconvinced . She shakes 
her head as Hobson moves around the 
room , picking up objec ts , asking 
questions. 

It takes Hobson over two hours to do 
the report and by the time we get back to 
the car it is8: 00 . We are beginning to see 
what Hobson means about real police 
work being pretty slow most of the time. 
Hobson tries to cheer us up .. 'You never 
know, though. Some nights you 'll get a 
couple of burglaries in a row, then you 'll 
get a psycho or a chase." He adds 
another piece of the grape gum to the 
growing wad in his mouth before we 
head for Mission Beach to cruise 
around. 

Hobson /i f ys he enjoys the more 
exciting til pects of his job : the 
robberies, the fights , the chases. " I 
guess I'm onl! of the nuts; I .actually 

. enjoy the hIgh speed chase . Not too 
long ago. I was iD ODe where we &ot up to 
speeds of 90 to 100 miles per hour. ··It 
was two guys who had robbed 15 liquor 
stores in the area . We setllp Ii stake out 
on Gamet and chased them up H~lboa 

(Continued on pale 5) 



...... triton times 

Guest! column: Ann Carberry 
• Do you have 

affecting your 
in decisions 

you care? 
a vOIce 
life? Do 

Every day deciSions are 
made which directly impact on 
you and your future . From the 
landlord raising the rent to the 
Federal Government raising 
taxes or going to war, decisions 
are being made without YOUR 
knowledge, participation or 
approval. These actions affect 
all of us. How orten are they 
raised so that the public can 

.. , 

PRECISION CUTIING 
SKINCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A complete Hedken Salon 

3251 HoI .. y Ct. 
. Right by La .loll. VIII.ge Inn 

45&-0680 
10% DISCOUNT 

ON SERVICES 
<- with lSl.-nt or Faculty 10 

~ or 4:.~ Bring th i' lid all coupon .. . ; .. 

have input? How many people 
actuall make decisions? 

In this article I want to raise 
some qustions about decision 
making both nationally and 
here at UCSD . The most 
important part of it though is 
your response. Do you care that 
other people have control over 
your life? 

On October 19. Julian Bond. a 
prominent young politiCian and 
-civil rights leader, spoke on 
campus. One comment he 
made struck a responsive 
chord in the UCSD audience. He 
was lamenting the low citizen 
participation in politics, 
especially among young 
blacks. "Many elections end up 
being merely a choice between 
Tweedle-dumb and Tweedle-
dee," he said, implying that the 
act of voting wasn't an act of 
decision-making, and that real 
elements of choice were being 
kept away from the people. 

The more I thought about that 
statement, the more I won-
dered just how decisions are 
reached on policy questions 
that never are brought to the 
voters. If decisions were not 
made "behind closed doors, " 
quite possibly the U.S. would be 
closer to consensus on national 
health care. federal job 
programs, consumer protec-
tion and substantive tax 
reform. 

National elections have 
become . window dressing to 
actual decisions arrived at by 

bureaucrats or negotiated by 
special interest groups. 
Americans don't seem to mind 
that they have only a minimal 
role in running the country. 
Sometimes I wonder how many 
even realize their voting 
franchise Is almost worthless. 

UCSD-tbe micro level ' 
What about the situation 

here? We are a much smaller 
community. The bureaucratic 
barriers should be small 
compared to the national case. 
So there is open participation in 
all phases of decision-making, 
right? 

Guess again . 
On the national level the 

reality of participation doesn't 
exist, but at least we have the 
right to participate. Here in the 
grand University of California 
students lack even the basic 
rudimentary rights under the 
first amendment. In effect, we 
are treated as niggers . With 
only numbers to identify 
ourselves, we are herded into 
rooms 400 at a time and told to 
learn . We have no rights. We 
are rarely if ever allowed to 
disagree with the "masters' 
word (read professor's pet 
theory). It is suspicious when 
we want to meet together. In 
fact, no place exists on campus 
where a majority of students 
can meet together. Our status 
as niggers is made worse by the 
fact that most of us don't realize 
it. Slaves knew they were 
slaves and could therefore fight 

it, or at least fight its effect on 
their minds and spirits . 
Stuttents accept their condition 
and the second class citizenship 
it implies. Students have 
anything worth saying? Don't 
be ridiculous . 

Academics 
Academics are why we are 

here. The choices we make in 
designing our curriculum will 
sbape much of our future . But 
are the choices we are offered 
much different from Julian 
Bond's "Tweedle-dumb and 
Tweedle-dee?" We choose the 
classes we take each quarter-
that is , after we finish the 
general education require-
ments, departmental require-
ments, honors requirements 
and graduate school require-
ments . 

Has anyone ever asked you 
what you thought of any of those 
requirements? Do you know 
why they are required? Who 
made those decisions? Why 
don' t you know? There might 
just be a reason they don't even 
share that with you, and you 
might just disagree. 

You do get to pick a major 
whose requirements you will 
slave at. But how was the 
decision made as to majors 
offered here? Students through 
the only vote they have, our 
brute numbers, register as 
Communication majors . 
Communications isn't a 
department, though. Neither 
does UCSD offer humanistic 

FrIdey, November 11,11n . 

psycholOgy or non-molecular 
biology. 

We do get to pick tbe COUI'Ies, 
right? Who teaches them? Do 
they teach wen? Do the course 
offerings cover the areas yOU 
are interested in? Someone is 
making all of these decisions. 
Who? How do they reach them? 
Why aren't students involved? 
Why don't students realize or 
care tbat they are excluded? 

The University teaches many 
fine and lofty Ideas. It tends to 
exclude teachers to take 
responsibility for our own lives 
and environment. It tends to 
neglect to teach us how to make 

. decisions. We don't learn to 
evaluate, to criticize, to 
formulate our own oplnlona, to 
understand how to make 
decisions. We are taught to 
compete, to remain as frag-
mented individuals. 

The students being pro-
gramed into a passive style now 
will one day be in leadership 
positions. Who are you being 
taught to acquiesce power to? 
Why? 

Non-academics 
Believe it or not there are 

non-academic activitfes at 
UCSD, such as jobs and student 
services. You pay $360 a year 
in Registration Fees in 
exchange for a package of 
benefits including the Health 
Center, Athletics, the college 
deans and EOP. These are here 
to compliment the academic 
programs and to make life in 
this pressure cooker of 
competition liveable. 

Student input finally emerges 
here, but only a little. After all , 
these are services paid for by 
studnets and directed only to 
students . It violates even 
administrative notions of fair 

(Contknued on pale 8) 

We're aU the bank 
a student needs. 
[f you're looking for the bank that can d.o the most for you, chances 
are you'll be looking into Bank of Amenca. . . 

We offer a complete range of basic student bankmg seMc.es: 
College Plan JC Checking. Personal Choice Savings Plans~ and If you 
qualify, Student BankAmericard • Visa~ overdraft protection, 
and more. 

Including Consumer Information Reports to provioe you with 
the kind of straight·to·the·point facts you need to know about 
banking, establishing credit, 'financing an education, and many 
other subjects. 

Our Reports cover a range of topiCS. And you can ,Pick up your 
copies free at anyone of our branches. Without obhgahon. 

PA"'K OF AMERICA NT&SA MEMBER FDIC 

¥ou see, quite frankly, we want to be your bank. But we know 
it's not what we want that matters. What matters is what you want. 
And that's why we're hoping we can help you learn more 
. about banking. , . 

We figure the more you know about it, the more you re gOlOg 
to want to bank VJith the bank that can do you the most good, both 
in school and after. 

Quite a few Californians think that's us. If you look into it . 
thoroughly enough, we think you'll agree. 
Depend on us. More California college students do. 

BANKOFAMERICA IJl 

TIle .. "-MIIIncI ... cage III .... DIetIO police - . (photo: • .,.,.e ...... , 

A night with the law .. . 
(ConUnued from pale 3) patrolling the beach, the main streets of Pacific and 

into Clalremont. We chased them through Clairemont Mission Beach, writing citations for everything 
until they finally turned Into a cul-de-aac. They got out ranging from traffic violations to minors drinking. He 
and the one IUY tripped and dropped bis gun." He says he could probably arrest a lot of kids for drinking 
laulbs, "Yeah, real tough crimlnala. The other guy tonight, but doesn't have the time. " If I arrested 
got out and ran but we finally caught him too." ev~ry kid who was drinking, I'd be here the rest of the 

"No," be replies, "I don't worry much about being \ night. There are more important things to do." A 
shot. If they want to shoot you, they'll shoot you, you more important thing to do comes over the radio, a 
can't do much about it. But I get nervous when I have call for a burglary in progress. This is it, we think, the 
to fill out reports at night. I usuallybackuptoa wall; I excitement we have been waiting for. Hobson turns 
don't want to constantly look in back of me ... You the flasher on and sounds the yelp siren at 
know an officer did get shot like that. He was sitting at intersections. "That's what I like about this job, 
a gas station and two guys came up to him; he thought Hobson says;"it's exciting, every day's different. " 
they wanted directions. They told bim,"You' re a dead Hobson turn!! off the light and siren as we approach 
pig," and shot him right in the face. The bullet went the apartment building. He parks across the street, 
into his head and came out through the back of his gets out al)d tells us "you'd better stay inside this 
neck ... Even when I'm in a restaurant, I like to sit with time." We watch him approach the building, but he 
my back to a wall." disappears around a corner and it is too dark to make 

We drive right on the boardwalk at Mission Beach. anything out clearly. 
A few kids roller skate by, most lean against the A few minutes later he comes back. "False ala rm," 
concrete wall that fronts the beach. Hobson drives he says, "you never know when you get a call; you've 
slowly, leaning out the window , saying " Hi " got to assume it's the real thing." 
occasionally. Doesn't he find the kids hostile? We pull into a deserted parking lot just off Garnet 
" They're not hostile, they're just not real pro-police." where Hobson's sergeant, Bob Manis, is sitting in his 

This is what Hobson does in between calls, darkened car. Hobson drives up alongside Manis' car 

so they can talk. While Hobson oftf'n exudes boyish 
enthusiasm, Manis is controlle(' , experienced. 
Hobson tells him about the night's events, using a 
jargon I thou~ht was peculiar to television. 

" I talked to the snitch. He wanted me to shake this 
guy down; he thought he was following him." 

" Did you shake him down?" 
" No, we just asked him a few questions." 
"Why didn't you buzz the guy in case he got foggy 

about it?" 
Hobson tells Manis about the burglary on Mount 

Soledad. Manis thinks it fits the same pattern as a 
series of recent burglaries carried out by a group of 
illegal aliens. "Gotta be those aliens again," he keeps 
saying, " same pattern, same M.O .... Been fatals all 
over lately. Saw one tonight on La Jolla Boulevard. 
Old man got hit. J eez. what a mess. Hit by right 
fender, got flopped up on the hood of the car, then fell 
off on his head." 

"There was that one in Ti.>rrasanta; her mouth was 
over on the side of her face "/asn't impressed by the 
fire department. They wa led us to take her to the 
hospital and you could tell y looking at her that she 
was already dead." 

" I'll bet the coroner had a night. There were four or 
five pltls the one on Fiesta Island. That kid was doing 
65 when he hit the kid, knocked him 300 feet. " 

" Yeah," Hobson says, " I was reading in CHP 
magazine about a pedestrian who got hit on a freeway 
and was wedged between the fender and the hood." 

" My first accident was a fatal," Manis says ... " Hey, 
did you hear about this guy called Neon Flasher? He 
came down to the beach dressed in pants ~nd vest, 
called the press and the police, took off his clothes and 
lay down on his blanket in a supine position. Well , they 
arrested him and he says he's going to take it to the 
Supreme Court. I can go with a guy who does it that 
way; that's okay ... " 

The parking lot is now filled with four police cars, 
other patrolmen reportini to Manis. 

" We're moving on out," Hobson says, and we leave 
Manis in the parking lot. 

It seems as if this is the essential pleasure of the job 
for Hobson: trading theories , swapping stories, 
talking in a jargon impenetrable to the uninitiated. 
This is what ca rries him through the routine 
investigations, filing reports, writing citations. After 
we leave the parking lot, we head for Fiesta Island, 
responding to a call for help that turns out to be 
another false alarm. We patrol around the island for 
awhile . The evening has lost its promise for 
excitement. Hobson drives us back to the station, 
seeming a trifle apologetic (or the lack of action . But 
then , we remember that Hobson told us at the 
beginning that it wasn' t supposed to be like it is on 
television. 

........ -.. -........ ...--.. .. -.~- .. -...... ........ ;..;.." 
KING Of BEERS- • ANHEUS(A BUSCH INC · S r l.OUIS , t 

WHEN' DO ERLEADERS 
SAY BUDWEISER®% 

1lUS (Qf (M STANDING ~ 
I~ ~N6N!AJN. 

WHY CAN'T I evER GET me f*; GtJY 
WtEN ~ fr'W(£ 'RiESE PYfI.AM/llS!? 

IF I 6C1T N-lY KlNDA VOICE LEFf 
AFTFR 'THIS GAME, I~ GCt-4NA YELL-

-6(fM1fA 6 ... 
61MMEAU... ~~~ ~MMEA D ... 1N 

!COMMUNITYt 
fBLOOD BANK1 
! 983 India ! ! 327 F Street ! 
l PAYSDONORS i i for Service I: 
I Mon. - Fri. 
; 233-5481 t 
} 234-4601 • 
........ "'--._ •. _ ....... ---... ............... ~._ .. _.l 

ORe pair o/·clt ... ticlt • 
FREE 
wit~ tW. ... 

JR'. Natural 
Food Emporiam 

292-6011 Expir .. IVl8 

PHOTO 
SUPPLIFS 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 
UCSOIudilt 

........ A«"' .. 



...... . 

"I. ~ _ 1 1 I 
Movi,s: Mike Allen 

, "Bobby. Deerfield" well crafted 
SYdDeYi Pollack seems 

much m re adept as a 
filmmake when it comes 
to· surveying relationships, 
particu !arly the rather 
exceptio lal ones. His Tbey 
Sboot Hones, Don't Tbey 
was a most effective film, 
with strong imagery of a 
seemingly extraordinary 
relationship. 

Films like Three Days of 
lite Condor or Jeremiah 
Johnson, which relied more 
on external stories, were 
much greater failures for 
Pollack. 

"Bobby Deerfield," a 
Columbia Pictures and 
Warner Bros. production, 
Is at the Cinema 21. 

With Bobby Deerfield , 
his latest, Pollack reverts 
ba ck to the thematic, 

, interpersonal film . This 
must indeed be his forte , 
for Deerfield is a very well 
crafted piece. 

The film does not rely 
much at all upon an 

external storyline. AI 
Pacino, as Bobby Deer-
field , a top Gran Prix 
racer, is searching for the 
cause of his teammate's 
fatal crash. He travels to a 
hospital in the Alps, where 
the other driver involved in 
the accident is recovering 
with a broken spine. There 
he meets Marthe Keller, a 
patient, and from then on 
the film is captured by their 
relationship. 

Pacino plays Deerfield in 
much the same way Dustin 
Hoffman portrayed Ben in 
Tbe Graduate . His is a 
grim , soulless , rather 
disillusioned character. 
Deerfield doesn't seem to 
care about much of any-
thing, and he never smiles 
or appears particularly 
happy , acting as if he 
doesn~ care about his life's 
direction. 

Yet he comes across 
strongly independent. This 
single trait creates an aura 
of Iikeability, even desire. 
Independence is such a 
powerful characteristic in 
our society, and Pollack 
manipulates an image of 

the character into some-
thing that can be accepted 
as just that. 

His relationship with 
Marthe Keller, as we see it, 
is supposed to be the 
turning point. He begins to 
seem happier, he smiles. 
Her unpredictability and 
impulsiveness are the 
opposite pole to which he is 
attracted. 

Keller appears at times 
uncertain as to how to play 
her character. The con-
trolled instability of her 
character mimics much of 
Liv Ullman's acting inFace 
10 Face; perhaps she relies 
too heavily on this for 
support. 

Deerfield is frustrated in 
his efforts to "figure her 
out," until he learns she is 
dying from an incurable 
disease. For some reason, 
this seems to explain a lot 
to him, or just creates in 
him much more compas-
sion . 

Here is where Pollack's 
talent is well displayed. He 
successfully avoids falling 
into the trap of mushy 
sentimentality while still 

J,W;:W:iII:: Ii! 1111 it. 

Give Your Nails 
A Hand 

wI:tI tile .. quality noI' CONI pooducts 

Salon Manicure polish Perfect Nail (nail hardener) $2.69 
SO beaut,ful color. S1.49 Silicone Shield $1.99 

L'Oreal Polish (Prof. S,ze) 71}( Andrea Nail Wrap & Rep~" kit $299 
Faberge Ceramic Glaze S1.69 E.quisit. Nail (nail ' mender-) S2.29 
Delor • . for strong beautiful 5 second nail glue $ \.59 

no,lo$4.19 

PLUS 
Jilan and Eyelure arttflCtai nails and Lee nail building kit. 

Village SeoUty Supply 
737 p.arl - 459-0722 

~DDCCCDGDCIICDDG~~~ 

§ THE LA JOLLA 
FLOWER SHOP 

7594 Fay Avenue 
459-290S 

Fresh R08eS at 
special prices I 
I Dotto lon, 
w."m '..--0 bo .. d 

II ~ 00 

I ~lunl 
Jlrm ,.-to ... nmr 
11100 

\ "I\tO 1M to SU 

rnc:n do tIOI 
applyt • ....,,... 
OUlordm 

Ofr", pod 
Ihr\l l"oov SClth 

ONE AND ONE HALF DAY COURSE OFFERED 
IN SAN DIEGO: NOVEMBER 19,20 

UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, SCHOOL OF LAW 
TUITION 575.00 

For mor inJormariofl, call or write: 

THB 
~ 
METHOD 

I ;J23 ~e ond Avenu ~. San [I~~o. A 92101.714-236-0623 

displaying the necessary 
sentiments. He handles 
very well the difficulty of 
describing the emotional 
development of the charac-
ter in the short space he has 
to deal with. 

There is also the fatalis-
tic undercurrent running 
through the film. Deerfield, 
as a racer, lives with 
death; he is searching for 
the cause of a death, speaks 
of death and meets a dying 
woman, 

Pollack counters the 
weightiness of this by 
indulging in the spectacu-
lar scenery of the locations, 
especially the Swiss and 
Italian Alps, underscored 
by Dave Grusin's light and 
flighty music. 

The imagery is a visual 
cliche: the camera pans 
from the car , speeding 
alone down themountain, 
up and over to the impres-
sive panorama of the area . 
Being reminiscent -of so 
much , especially Le 
Louche's A Man and a 
Woman, this touch works 
very well in ' the film. 

• 

. ' 
.~ ~'. 

Paradigm Lost: Ted Navin Burke 

Back to your ty 
Q: What does an exisientialist 

deliver his mail in? 
A: A Norman Mailer. 
It may be a stale joke of the most 

involuted sort, but the punchline 
himself, Mailer, can hardly be 
spoken of any other way. 

A serious frame of reference has 
ben abandoned when speaking of 
Mailer, and the kind of stuff brought 
with his name attached to it is 
usually comprised of gossip (like a 
recent report in Time's personality 
section where Mailer is said to have 
poured a drink over Gore Vidal's 
head, as well as having "cuffed " 
him across the chin). While Mailer 
groused about Vidal's "syste· 
matic" insults over the years (a 
complaint grounded in fact) Vidal 
came off as the better, commenting 
in affected aristocratic wit that 
.... .it's not easy being an important 
failure like Norman. Once again 
words have failed him." 

This incident, and years of 
reports of all kinds of brawls 
concerning issues of less than 
earthshaking size, have made it 
hard to take Mailer seriously as the 
serious literay gentleman English 
Lit. professors can lecture about. 

Even those of us who've dismis-
sed his public behavior and 
managed an encouraging word for 
his work have of late been thrown 
into dismay because Mailers ' 
recent work hasn't been the stuff 
to fire the imagination. The most 
recent piece, a long memoir in the 
latest Esquire about his experi· 
ences with the television media 
with the title "Of a Small <ond 
Modest Malignancy, Wicked and 
Bristling with Dots" is artl!r its 
thirteen uninterrupted pages of 
small typed prose, an extended 
literary fart. 

Mailer has pushed his literary 
inventions to the limit- addressing 
himself in the. third person, 
constructing brillantly complex 
metaphors to go from the specific 
to the general to the full distance of 
philosophical inquiry, placing full 
value upon his own experience and 
perception to form an analysis 
more exciting and more penetrat-
ing than what conventional 
journalism could permit or fiction 
could allow - and manages to bore 
everyone except the faithful (and 
their numbers are decreasing) to a 

state of exasperated tears. "-
But it's less a matter of 

writing than writing w 
clear-cut purpose . The E 
piece offers insights into the 
of television, but the 

wed~ed in the self Dity that 
declares. The point of it all 
television proved to be too 
medium' for Mailers ' 10 
predominance, and try as he 
he invaribly made a fool of 
each time he guested on a talk 

This leads up to his version 
famous Dick Cavett show 
Mailer came o'n drunk to 
essay following guest Vi 
written comparing Mailer, 
Miller an~ Manson in a 
showing anti-womanism 
can culture. Mailer felt 
be misrepresented, and 
catch Vidal on cheap 
intellectualism. Mailer rails, 
insults, gets the audience hot 
bothered and makes some 
eventually with two m 
lucid talk, something to the 

triton times Page 7 
Books: Joaquin Behindu 

.. A tale of religion and pain 
Speculative fiction wrlters,in 

general, have a great reputa-
tion for creating poor charac· 
ters . The ideas are mind 
boggling and produce that 
"sense of wonder, " but if one 
wishes to identify with anyone, 
one has to settle for a robot or a 
computer (look at Star Wars 

and %001) . People aren' t people 
in speculative fiction; they ar 
largely tools of the plot. There 
are notable exceptions, 
however; finding them is just a 
question of time and latching on 
to the right authors. 

Roger Zelazny and Philip K. 
Dick "Deus Irae" 238 pages; 
'1.75 

One of these exceptions (to a 
point) is a new book called Deus 
Irae by Philip K. Dick and 
Roger Zelazny, two of the more 
meaningful writers of fiction . 
Together, they have given us a 
book about religion and pain. 

Norman Mailer 
since Hemingway there had 
a fail ure of nerve among 

writers; and that he was 
one to declare himself the 
if by default; and that he 

of "cowards" like Vidal 
me in the nuts" out of 

segment of the essay is 
fine writing, entertaining 

to the details, and 
reveals more balance than 
ing else in the piece. 

the re is a lot of dross, 
of a man nursing old 

, real or imagined, rather 
getting to the business of being 

writer he's capable of being. 
my case, I feel a sense of 

over_ the story, since it 
little of what attracted me 
r in the first place. His 

The Naked and the Dead and 
Dream were the works of 

, someone with an accute 
for detail in the cruelly realistic 

mode while implanting them with 
intellectual speculation that were 
graced wtih a brilliant flair for the 
magic of English prose, flowing 
with a ceaselessly undulating 
rhythm that converted technique 
into the open ended brilliance of 
revelation . 

Likewise his journalism, best 
typified by Armies of the Night, 
Miami and the Siege of Chicago, Of 
a Fire on the Moon and The Fight, 
showed him raising the practice to 
an art, using his novelist s' 
imagination to integrarte himself 
into an event and revealing layers 
of activity, bits ot detail , and 
motivational nuance of others 
involved that would have otherwise 
been ignored . 

Like no one eise, Mailer caught a 
sense of what it was like to be an 
American in an age where social 
changes happened faster than the 
flip of a television dial , where 
technology threatened to usurp the 
primacy of the individual and ---~"'-----L,--- render us into a mindless collective 
in a neon and formica pleasure 
dome while an elite of politicians 
and adherents of positivistic 
science concocted a culture of 
harmonized mediocrity. Mailerhas 
~ ____ harnessed a sociological imagina· 

tion that refuses a separation of 
percf'jver and event. At best, hiS'is 
the mind of an intellect living by its 

____ wits. 

But not lately . The Esquire piece 
sounds like a club fighter confes· 
simI: his inability to take a punch. 
The prose bears out the analogy, 
being bloated, flabby, graceless 
and mechanized in its moves, with 
only a fleeting glimpse of the talent 
that was . Mailer is a. writer too 
aware of himself, aware of 
potential unrealized, chances taken 
that have failed , of talent 
squandered on pragmatic schemes. 
All he's doing now is bartering his 
name and what's left of his 
reputation for a series of nacid 
magazine articles and lively, if 
trivial , hack assignments like 
Marylin and The FaIth of Graffiti. 

To these last works he doubtlessly 
feels ashamed, but that's no excuse. 
Balzac, Dostevesky, Celine and Poe 
all made a living rendering pot 
boilers for funds for larger and 
grander undertakings. Mailer says 

(ContInued on page 8) 

Deus Irae is about 'Tibor 
McMasters' quest to capture 
the image of the Deus Irae, the 
God of Wrath, for a mural. 
Commissioned by the Servants 
of Wrath he must paint the 
ultimate rendition ofthis God in 
order to give the Servants of 
Wrath their equivalent of the 
Holy Cross. So Tibor, a limbles 
man, must journey ("'West,' he 
said, 'always West' '') through a 
blasted world (the result of 
WWIII) pulled on a wagon by a 
cow. 

Tibor's journey is marked 
with many adventures where 
he meets computer replicas of 
Deus Irae, talking lizards and 
Christians. These Christians do 
not wish him to fulfill his 
prilgrimmage thereby creating 
a conflict that leaves Tibor in 
doubt throughout most of the 
book. Tibor's journey is as 
much for him as it is for the 
Servants of Wrath . 

The essential ingredients of a 
desolate world, a third world 
war, the resultant emergence 
of mutations , the rise of 

XEROX 
COPIES 

2~:, 
minimum 

COLO,! 
XEROX 

, 'soc Each 

160t Sixth A.en ..... 
231-1676 

5e duplicates 

OPEN 7:30a .m . ·10 p.m. M· F 
Saturdays & Sunday.10·S 

religion, machinerY gone mad 
and radiation are all very 
common elements (match 
them up to Damnation Alley 
and A Boy and His Dog). What 
makes the book uncommon are 
the characters of Carlton 
Lufteufel and Alice. 

Carlton Lufteufel is the God 
of Wrath. Carlton Lufteufel is 
also a man. He unleashed the 
GOB (the great objectless 
bomb) which contaminated the 
atmosphere and killed almost 
everyone. Thus, he was deified 
by the remaining people aRd he 
became the Deus Irae. 

Yet after the war, because of 
an explosion in an office , 
Carlton has several chunks of 
metal in his head that give him 
great pain. He can think of little 
else. There are grueling scenes 

where he removes two inch 
ch unks of metal from his 
forehead to stop the pain. The 
resultant delirium manifests 
dre a m s that merge with 
reality. And, finallv. he dies. 

Before his death , while 
struggling with the pain he had 
to care for a twenty-four year 
old "retard" named A.lice. 

Despite her mental slowness 
she deeply cared for Carlton 
even while he probed for the 
chunks of metal. And after his 
death her slowness vanished 
but her simplicity remained, 
the same simplicity that 
enabled her to (accidentally) 
find the true image of the Deus 
Irae, an image made of blood 
and pain. 

The remainder of the charac-
ters are rather stilted and 
shallow as the conflict between 
Christianity and the Servants of 
Wrath overshadows them . 

There is also an absence of 
lushness that gives the book a 
kind of skeletal starkness. 
Despite this the book has a 
richness an texture of its own 
that is very comfortable. And 
there is enough present to make 

.the book an entertaining 
journey through a strange if not 
familiar world . 

iull!,(a 
Prime Rib 

Dininq 
At its Best 

La Jolla 
459-2768 

Del Mar 
755-1660 

Mission Valley 
291-2665 



...... trtlaIi times ,....,. Nowmber11. 1t77 
• 

Do you control d~cisions. 
that affect your life ... 

CHICAGO.' 
SUND~ NOVEMBER ~O 

~CBa ANNOUNC£ 

BOZ 
SCAGGS 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER ~1 
AU..",. nHrHfI $9.7J, 3.7J. 

r:"~ ' :. ',\ ~ \l F 

AEROSMITR 
WEDNESD~ NOVEMBER 2J 

AU • ..,.,....,... $ 8.7J, 7.7J, 6.7J. 
KPR A~"OI ', (l 

ROBIN 
'I'ROWER 

Special Guest Star 

WISHBONE ASH 
Introducing 

EDDIE MONEY 
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 21 A',. .... ,...Wt1M $ 6.7J, j.7J 

SAN DIEGO ,..:::~II~1 ~ 
SPORTS ARENA 

Information: :114-4176 
Tickets aWlable at all Bm GaJnble'. Men'. Stora, 
Arena Ticket Aaencies _d Arena Ticket Office. 

PRODUCED BY WOLF &. RISSMILLlR CONCERTS 

All Shows Now 

(Condnued from pale 4) 
play to not let students be 
involved in the decision-
making process. It's our 
money! 

Seven students are liven the 
responsibility of living input 

, into that process. They are the 
student members of the 
Advisory Committee on 
Student Fee Programs (Reg 
Fee or ACSFP for sbort). I was 
one of them for two years. It's 
not an· easy task especially 
when your constituents don't 
know your job even exists and 
the media doesn't cover it 
because it's not newsworthy. 
After all it's only a $5 million 
budget. 

In addition to a lack of 
knowledge within the student 
body as to what the Committee 
was doing, the Committee had 
no firm idea of student 

priorities. This year's students 
will hopefully have it easier. A 

lAY 1bIlf. 0-:..,.. 
.. Experience is lI1e KE Y to 
good service and we are the 
1 at Oat..,n deelef in IIIe 
U.S.A. 
Come In where you are .... 
sured of getting the fiNEST 
• erYlce! 

~ 
.. _.-... If CINEMA -r------'--------\ 
"'". It v .. 61-5" 001_ -.u 

SMDIop 
Z7HInII 

Aated A 
Showtimes: 6: 1 D, 8:50 

AatedR 

Cinema 2 Cinema 1 

............................................... " , 

; ~clr Sam Carlson and Gang 0~~l 
---have moved to • • 

• 
• 

• 
... 

... 

• 
• 

• 
• 
... ~ 
• Qrl. 
• er.s-

TLC Travel 
7090 M.iramar Rd., S.uite D 

San Diego, CA 92121 
Free Daily Delivery - Phone: 566-8490 

............................................................. 

• 
•• 
.. 

... 

• 
... 

• 
• 
• 
.. 

... 

Comprebensive Student Opin-
ion Survey will be sent out in the 
middle of November to 1500 
students. The ACSFP will now 
have your input and four 
prioriSies - if those 1500 
students take the time to 
respond. 

·Remedies 

Remedies do exist to being 
excluded from decisions , 
starting with the realization 
that decisions are beiRg made 
without you and asking why. 
Then don't just bitch about the 
conditions around you, bitch to 
the right people. Give construc-
tive suggestions for improve-

ments. Then demand a role ir. 
the decision-makinl piocess. 
Learn the system. Know wbere 
the foci of power are and use 
them to advance you own ends. 
Question everytbiq. Realize 
the motivations of tbose in 
positions of authority. Play 
the~r game and win. 

And if a participatory role is 
denied to you or if a decision-
maker is not responsive to 
those requests, confront them. 

Withdraw your implied con· 
sent. Refuse to lelitimate the 
proce88 by your silence. 

Take control of the decisions 
that affect your lif~. 

Paradigm lost ... 
(ConUnued from pale 7) 

he's doIni the same, but be 
lacks the believable tone, the 
confidence of a man who has a 
manuscript that'll rectify the 
tripe produced. 

As someone who's loved his 
work for years and who feels 

betrayed by biB immersion into 
chic self-aggrandizing, my 
advice is simple: quit sniffling, 
Mailer, and get youremtential 
ass back to the typewriter. And 
don't come back until you've 
fulfilled some of my expec-
tations. 

·Back to School Special 

6.00· 
~ appointment only 
Expires Nov. 21. 19n . 
All major credit cltrds accepted 
Please brinQ ad 

Shampoo and cut 
With Cindy or Arnie 
(Blow dry/styling or 
long hair sllghlly extra) 

·The Hair Garden 
, , 

, ....................... . 

y o~r Haircutting 
Place . 
1250 Prospect 
McKellar Plaza 
La Jolla 
454-3077 
.Mon·FrI: 9 am to 8 pm 
Sat: 9 am to 6pm 
Sun:..10am t04pm 

MENS / CoRDs 

$13" 

Prices Always 300/0 OFF 
Suggested Retail! 

S887 Univenity Ave. 
(nllt door to The Cinerama Theater.) 

Ph. 287-9160 
Hr : Mon-Fri : 10-9 Sat: 10-6 Sun: 12-5 

F~.N~11,1'77 

Records 

Oh, that 
good 01' 
folk music 

by Paul Watry 

The advent of the smaller, 
non-commercial record com-
pa nies which have recently 
sprung up in the United States, 
has pumped some fresh blood 

and alternative sounds into a 
stale industry. One of the more 
in teresting small record 
co mpanies, Flying Fish 
records, originated last year in 
Chicago. The musical empha-
sis of Flying Fish is on 
Colk/bluegrass music rooted in 
the east or midwest, so many 
of the recording artists are 
unfamiliar to the California 

au dience . The albums re-
viewed here are all available at 
Folk Arts Record store or, in 
most cases, at Tower Records. 

Mandolin Fantasy 
Michael Melford 

Melford, here, has come . up 
with a lively, spirited album. It 
has a toe-tapping quality to it 
which, interspersed with a 
clever instrumental arrange-
ment, is emphasized by the 
professionalism of the backup 
band. 

The selections here are 
popular ones. Some , like 
" Devil's Dream" and "Sweet 
Georgia Brown" are old 
Cavorites. Others, such as the 
melancholy Gnossienne, are 
cleverly arranged. Rosalee 
McFall, with Its perfectly 
phrased vocal accompany-
ment by Clay Jackson, bursts 
with energy. 

The intense zeal on this 
album is sometimes covered up 
a bit by the slick profe88ional-
ism of the back-up band . 
Melford plays a jazzed-up 
mandolin, which mayor may 
not please the traditionally 
attoned ear, but blends in well, 
especially with Buddy Spi-
cher's fiddle. 

Rhapsody For BaDjo 
Larry McNeely 

The banjo, to sound its best, 
needs no (or very little) other 
accompaniment. Its chann is 
in itself, whether it be in 
hearing the ever-popular 
commercial version of "Deul-
ing Banjos" or a little bit of 
Steve Martin's "Foggy Moun-
tain Breakdown." 

This is part of th~ problem 
with Larry McNeely's "Rhap-
sody For Banjo." The graceful 
but detracting accompani-
ments on this record tend to 
bury the skillful banjo playing 
o[ McNeely. Instead of a head-
spinning up-the-keyboard-run 
on the five strings, each song 
here is carefully orchestrated 
with many oUter instruments to 
hide the qualities of McNeely. 

Some songs, such as the jazzy 
"Honeysuckle Rose" or the 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

STU DENT GOVERNMENT/STU . 
DENT ORGANIZATIONS ADVISOR 
se arc h com mittee announces that 
candidates (or the position of Student 
Government/Student Organizations 
Advisor WIll be Interviewed on campus. 
Cilndidates will be available to talk with 
ull Interested students (rom 3: 45-4: 15 
Pill in the Student Center on the following 
dJlcs' Monday. November 14 : 
Wednesday . ovember 16: Friday . 
O\'ember 18: MondJY. November 21: 

Wednesday. November 30; Thursday. 
December I: Friday. December 2 
!IlIiH 

triton times 

F~"""L""."IdwIn. 
flashy " Banjo Nova" really also his "women." Baldwin. 
come through, buton the whole, " here , writes with a subtlty 
the record can be compared to which can sometimes sting yet 
Musak. Every piece is ¥lllfully also be very Cunny. One s~ng, 
played, butthe entire sound has "Three Alarm Chi·li " (or 
an air of superficial~ty, or lack example, is a tirade ag~inst a 
of substance, about It. lady in Amarillo, one which 

Tbe Ta&too On My Chest 
Luke Baldwin 

Drawing on his extensive 
travels (he has hitcb-hiked over 

·150 , 000 miles) and also 
experiences with his favorite 
subject (women), Luke Bald-
win has recorded here a 
humorous, if pleasing, first 
album. 

The freshness of Baldwin's 
humor (and his insights) stems 
directly from his traveling and 

comes across'l:>nly because it is 
so subtle. ("Give me a Lone 
Star T-Shirt and a shot of 
penicillin, there's a three alarm 
fire in my jeans.") 

Other songs may be more 
traditional, but generally the 
whole album is tinted with 
Baldwin'S offbeat sense of 
humor. The back up band adds 
a distinct C&W beat to the 
music, one which blends 
effectively with the style of the 
album. 

TUESDAY, 
November 15 

, 

. That's the day when representa-
tives from the Electronics division 
of General Dynamics will be con-
ducting on-campus Interviews 
with graduating engineers. 

If you're Interested In a career 
with General Dynamics, please 
contact your placement office for 
an interview appointment. 

GENERAL DYNAMICS 

NITTY GRITT GREENERY 
''is, WALL STREE T 

LA JOLLA 
PH. t..51..-22IQ 

THANKSGIVING SPECIAL 
15% off ALL STOCK 

FOR UCSD STUDENTS 
With 10 CARD 

Off ... Expires ThlnuglYlng CIY 

eo.... }0611 In 'Of autftefttic 0,," cu~ f"'''"''8 .uc:h. 
..... - Aemlftt ~I. MOUIMIta. 0'1'''' IovvWlI 
.IM 0"'-' Q,..tt Mflfhte . • 

~~Now ••• Belly DaldIg ~!!!!!!ft 
4 NIghts Weekly 

"'fu.,"$:t]. • lI1"r"" '''-.rjn'lsdays al 8 pm. 
"'()U!,~fo' Dance ThIll ; rlflY'l al8 pm. 

Frida)'s & Sarurdan Fea/tlre the Fahulou 
~jJ\1'" 

' :30 pm .. ':30 pm 

w. have In .. 11ed outaoor 1INt_ 
for th_ cool evenings. 

1342 <AMJIoI4 ~L MAlt ~L MA~ , (AlIfC~N IA T(l~~: 481.~" 

'FiI,ding tire one YOII love . .. is (il/dillg YOllrself. 

1-1 I: IlC·)I:S 
Co-starring HARRISON FORD ~E@ 

A UNIVERSAL PICTURE · TECHNICOLOR r ... v~".""c .. " ........ "" 

Exclusive Engagement 
NOW PLA YlNGI 

Don 't miss Karla 
Bonoff's debut album. 
Timeless -songs in 
jewel-like settings. 

On Columbia Records and Tapes. 
COLUMBIA." MARCA REG 



..... 1. triton times 

Mel " 
Pre-mecl 

Can't miss him on campus, always wears white. 

FrIde" NcMnIber 11, 1177 

... 

(ol1:>tontl'l being sought after by freshmen and transfer students who mistake him for ice-cream man. 
Mel drinks Lite Beer from Miller because it's less filling. Can't afford to get filled up. 
At last count he was in charge of 114 mice, 137 frogs ond 240, uh ... 480 rabbits . 

Spends spare time in library analyzing stitching on mediCal books. 

Uht .......... U·.r. Evart 11_. you aI..,. w .............. r .. And ..... 

FrId8y, .......... '11.1177 triton times , 

triton ti.mes classifi"eds 
personals travel :=:;::7:.1u.::s~=:.::a~~ ~:;~ servl'ces EXECUTIVE SECRETARY wlU do your t)'JIUII OIl 

P .. 11 

CbIIdWa-_iooIorIiIt_____ . ..,.. AU bove m ... y amenillH. A •• llablo Dec·J... IBlI EucuUve typewrllA!r - 5G-C2t. (1111') 
baby 11,11 h nr N o rllt.'ue .. r. F:uro,... :---1ioMJ 11 "' \'\'1 IUW ('GIl rupu to Euntae. .. .... (li/lt) • 
back, ... Dd. ~n"fcr .. bl) uf 3Vf'rBI" or ...... ...... 41r1ea I~ 1111 .,udeaI ID c.nt .. W. ReommallaeededSola..,8eacb _month4l1 . '... "£~(CAL S( IU .1. \J(~"I'~ The Nav; IS nl,,,, TYP'nC •• 1fcorrectint IBM Hiectrie lenn p pefl. 
iftteUllt_ MIl --.e. 1-.. .... ... .. V~ Dr . ...... I Fullen. - fI .... 1tS1. lie .... or Joe c.II ..... ' ..... (11111) offen"" Coli lour·) •• , ... hul. " h,p. t. U S n",d".J ,J .... , Ole . experl.nced. W · l5II evOftlo • • (611') bocl<~. AI -en ......... ,.1. P .O. .... (1JJt) ICbcIoj, iDcludln, _ / month lor IUbtloteace call SC 
2171 La ....... calif. _. (111111 ~ Cor In'OITN/UOII. (111') . HOLARSHIPS Matb. Pby.lc • . Chemlltr, 

BOOIt ON CAIIPlJS: Ewopr. Ibwoll _ Now I - _10 buy..." -.u.c .-ract. <MMr Eocineerlftl and otIIer acleoce • . Full tuitioft, _ : 
~'. -- _...- Do"'" 
Ku.'" .. " VltooaI ...... 10 ....... ' U-,.: QIIo 
JJ70-n. __ , N..., . • , 4 pIIITLIIIII .. __ . 
(11 / 12) 

rRJ5111Z a.ua POIIIU/IIG! U _ "'1IIIIaoet. 
GuLl, Y ...... - _ ...... -wriJe: FaIIIIIZ 
POB _ . (11111) 

J .. ~J·"'-_ .... _ .... oILU 
Ie-' be .... lor _ .... ""*-- 0 ... "-. 
(11 / 11) _ 

Be I. H .. ~o ... II· II · IHI·II (OR JUST GO TO 
Ha L) (11111) 

To tilt lIADflATTER . ... , ,..r .s.y be _ ... 
pmul be ..... Ha.,." BInIoday RIcIr:-bJ.!»W1l)'. 
Lo ... tilt Buatie G ..... . (11111) 

Ol).m<.'fl you ....... t "Cor.1GId Ume" -we've_or 
hod orr.r UU _, ............. K.eK .• G .R .. .... 
Yrelnda (11111) 

Oya .. ·H.PPl/IOth B-OQ.E .......... you may be 
over the bllI. It· ....... ID be .JMt.c_NIa-Lote 
lock (11111) 

II-I H l·II·II ·II·IHHI ·II-II·II· II·II -IHI· II· II · 
II-II·IHI·II· II·IHI ( __ at ,,~) (UIII) 
Totheolborlb ..... IN_. Y·oIl .... tM __ 
H",. , Klaly KrIuy _ . (11111) 

Needed·virIIoI (mlO 1Gr ........ tocriIIc>e .1Il10 Tom R~ _____ .-. 
Contacl Ste .. Hulta .... __ dI_. 
Torchea DOt pn>¥_ (LIlli) 
Blue a. the vio6et red as .... rwelf you eaa 't mUe 
II 11· 11·11 0 .... wiU break your _ (11111' 

Yes the UCSD women ' • ...u.,ball team II .11 ...... 
well .ven """"lit the TT C.lla UJ ....,...u_. (lJ II4I 
W .... 1d I00100 ..................... arocIImIdt to 
wriLe it (Iowntolbewoo·t ' .... , (11/11) 
PP A RR 'M'TVYPPAARR T _ 
YPP AMRR T YP AARRT -

yllI DANAat ...... n-ee!!! (lllll) 

" MathemaUct 10 ~ CJyIJlutj .... II)' Prot. 
Jo ...... Cllea Dep. '" Pbywlcs TUne Noy. II Yrl7. a 
pm Plac. Stucleot C .. ler Solidi •• C UCSD 
IIIOMOf"Od by CSA lo",*,- -..uUoo CMJ AIbon 
. $2·11517 (11 / 1') 

Fo' a ll the illite,. ...... YrIdoy DiCI>t N .... II 
(11/11) Th.~wUJ .... b .... (>OIty.t Duo H.U4th 
Col (11/ 11) 

Happy Fridoy Cindy Roo. lrom one who batel 
lisher .. and ,Iue! " 

De;II'"t h3una. Would you believe lh:lt we ~re 
done al J am· tie who has h.ad 10 ave the clay • 
ralthful a ",(.anti . . 

Rose. are red _loleta are blue 1I·IHI-IJ.lI Ia 01 
Dan. Shoe Boo 81 Doo (II I It) 

110 " ". ard if yov r ..... .-belore.NOf. iJ: Intra to 
Analya: i. (ltaH . Meta,by.ie. browD .pirat 
nOlf:boo k , I,b book . Surre.lI.Uc Numbers 
(p;JperbaCkl Call Bobble: 411_. (11/11) 

Happy Birthday Rulli J PS Gety .. r ... lroaterll ..... 
Tilo Omoose (11 / 11) 

T. Joey. Coey, Da vid. N .......... EIJao. _ PIlllL: 
LeI ' .... .... Ii .... R<Ufe (11111) 

PauJo.thlllk about u... probability of IlIia beInai y .... 
Ir.about a. cood •• 11Ie prob;oblll\Y oIwbalyou lOy 
tltlAl 1S?e. 1 "'~ T'. , '-'00 P'f'AJIIe live it yp! Amour 
lI.ta5ba (I " 

wanted 
Wanted: Sludt.1I1 l"oupl,-. rk~""'rll+l ror a larae 1 
bdrm or p~ dolbJj 2 1'Wlnn ~)u" M •• pt Located 
betwn r.ablon Valier _ SoIaDa BeocII _ mo 
mat ask tor Real •• m47WloralterS pm a' "...... 
(11 / 14) • 

BE THE BOSS Dr YOURS ELF ..... _ •• 
WO .... rlul way. ColI _·1111. or ____ . 

CIIII paid lor _ , ctau Ii ..... jewelry. deaIaI 
1OId. ltA!rtl .... aod .... 1 .. U.S .Silver_. IteoI 
lli-ml (11 11) 

Th. Trilon Ti mea i. publilhed by 
UCSD studenlS lithe official.tudent 
.e w s p.per . Publica'iao il on 
Monday •• W.dnuday. ud Friday. 
dU ro n, the r •• ular Ichoolyear(except 
on orricial holid.y.). Edilori.1 .nd 
bu .i .... ofrocu .re Iocaled in tb. 
S t" ~ .nt .Cenler .1 Ihe Univeuily of 
Ca"fornJ', S.n DieJO. For edilori.'. 
c." 452·3466: for bUline .. and displ.y 
.dverlilin .. c.I'4.52-346I. 

Lelle .. to (hc editor .... opinion 
CO lumn •• re welco.ed. "" I.bmi .. 
IIonl m .. 1 by Iyped and doublc-
spaced On o"".p_celi_e. Thy Ibould 
not nceed I~ , .... i. Inll'" 

Sub milled 1It.leri.1 mu.1 bnr lhe 
name .nd Itudeat idenlifi •• lion 

n~ mber of lbe .ul .... r . N •• e. ca. b. 
"',Ihheld fro lit publicalioaoo requell; ~o".v.r.lhe n •• u.iII b.heldo_file 
Or public in,pcelion. 
The TritonTlmu r •• ervclth. ri.hl 

:0 edil ubmillion. be._u .. of .p.ce 
Imit ltions or style require menu. 

T En( "e con'ent. copyri.ht 19n Ihe 
I lIonTimu, 

YMCIIIotorfl ..... CJEESIudo.TranJ!'+_ _1Iice ........ Croi ... "" (!I / II) CGUeclace RESEARCH PAPERS •. , ....... _ . .. , plu. IIOt/m.nth . Summer .mployme.t ... ith 
c....r .... '\. ,"" , .. ,f' ,II I .""" I6IJI) file. All acadmUc IUbJecta. Send 11." ror,maiJ DPPOrtUftjtyforworkttra vel. FormoremlormatJoa 

h ' for sale' ..... colaloC. Bo.UlI .. Z. LGoA·cere • . Calil. _ call ENS Ga rr /II .. ~ (714) HU44I (CoIled), ouslnG (llS) 477-1474. (l/ a) II/ IJI 
• NEED A TY PIST' R . ..... bl. rate. , E. perlenced. w ..... you Ub 10 Uve .. ClIIllJIUa~ I w_ to oeII 

-... _act. CJoII __ ~ my 
(11114) - lor R-..., 
o.o_ ... JtF ____ ror_ln 
DelMar -1_ View. C.U lIHltllor -.. 1aI. 
(11/11) 

,,- I to-....-_."" DelM., 
c1pb . .. , ... U1II • • _ . A •• n ...... o.r. 17. Ca1l7Sll. 
_ . WIll) 

Need Female '->alA! Cor Itllly ~bod <Ot>IIo 
N_,_I.-..aIA!,"I_'llIuUl: 
s..eor_.-.-. (11/1 41 

I nnC.r .... to .......... w_1*ty~at ...... t 
llluat be YW}' _ . NoutlIua lit. La J ... SLaO. mo. 
wtb uUUtIa. call 00 •• or Cbud: .t _10 
- ....... (1111.) 

F w_IO ....... 2 bdrm PM ~pt. Own ........ clo .. 
10 UCSD • • v.n. Noy . 1$. 'Ill .• ' ... ulli. 411_ 
(11/1') 

Gene_ HI.hla" co ..... , 2br/l b.lb , pool , boJc:oQ. Bike 10 UCSD. RtoJ _/~ __ 
.Iter • . (11111) 

Own _ ...... Ool_t. 11. 'lldi. G ..... , 
.. y'rd. peuoL A,..II. DOW UCSO,,-, 0IIIy. 
~(lIIU' 
Yomalo -.te(.) -.. 10 .... ~ ___ 2110 
.- In Del M.r HelPb. SUri DectJ .n Call 
Cry •• 1 ne.- ex _ (I lID) 

He ... IfRP Ski .. 11Ocm. LooI< GT blndlOCI both new 
'1M. Relrti ... -.. Xiont . llu Ii' ~ ." . .... 13 (11111) . 
4'-4 BR2 BA unlum home 2 cor I.r ••• H~pIoce. CardUl _ . ___ (1/14) 

Alln: Med 'tude_" lurplu. eadaver, IM / lb. 
Inqwre R.velle CJoIetA!rI • . Special diacounta lor 
me.lcardo (11 / 11) 

AI ._ JBL . ..... Sony ree. Sony tble. 411.1712 
Pete. ( 11 / 1') • 

N .... tift( waterbed complete bed $liIt . best olCer, 
""U Sera 465-1174 keep tryln. mutt tell movl",. 
( Jl / 14) 

Motorbecane-minl&e 21' man', JillntcondiUOft mUlt 
aacrlflce ... Z74~ (11 / 11) 

SOY ABED GoOO COndition. m.Ure. In ._11001 
<OOdItion ... Ra(ph ~ .r _I. (11114) 

lost & found 
SII ft.ward IC you nnd thew beI.r. Nov IS: Inlro ID 
Analy.it Cte xn . We l a phy.lc. brown .plnl 
notebook, tab book . l urrc'alisti(" numbers 
(paperback) . C.II Bobble: 4I1·M$3. (III JI) 

J 
LGoI 1111: Bm. wallot, /D. can<elled ARCO card" 
-J. Pie ... return 10 Art Sandy _I. 
Rewant. (l1 / 11) 

NOW 
FAST MOVING 

SKATEBOARDS 
(And Surflexie Body Boards) 

at 
The Merchant of Moped 

... .. 

introductory 

10% Discount 
(with student 10 cards) 

2226 Avenida .de la Playa, La Jolla Shores 
Showroom & Service Dept. Open : 10-5 Tues.-Sun. 

Phone: 454-9882 

latest .fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes examined 
prescriptions fil!ed 
contact lenses fined 
repairs 

hours _ - If, 10:10 - 800 
$II IO~ CIOIId sundIys 

"'~I"nr'tlt' arena blVd. 

224·2974 

TYPING! IBlI Seloctric tenn po,. ... , theta. PlIO, 
_rt~ ..... , edltInp. RUSH JOBS -.,,_ sao. 
1171 , __ • 452. lsea. (II') • 

'!'Yrlna . Expert_, ~ ....... bl.. IBII . caU 
anytime. 4$S<)1%7. /II .... 01 ... (1%12) 

Ca U Kathie at 5 00 pm, m-_. (1I/1I) 
TYPING - Manly •• 0000d Ilb to fuUillyoo,typiftl 
_ - upert. ~alOnablo. bat IBW. cau rnH72I. 
(1111$) 
TYPIST. E.perlenced, accur. te , and ~Ijable. 
Edith" .xperlence. C.U VI . m -M • . (Il1l' ) 

STEVE WOLF & JIM RISSMILLER IN COORDINATION WITH 

~ '1944'1),""" 

FfREFALt 
SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

JESSE WINmESTER 
tJunIay, november 24 

All seats cesecved. S 7.50 San Diego Civic Theatre 
nckets availoble at Center Box Office. 202 "e" Sl .• all 

SelecI·A·Seat ouIIels"ond Son Diego County 
Bill Gamble's StOC8$. 

Information: (714) 236-6510 
p~nUll(f[)H'T ~ \ ~ "'RI'l\Mll,fRC:{INCt~r~ 

-----
.OH. 0\11'1. II I II"'. H I l"tI)H\1 \110" ' .AII 

kl'HI" ! • If 01 HI 0'" I H I I''' • .!~<; 101,<; 

SPECIAL AUTO 
.Insurance Rates for 
COLLEGE STUDENTS 
INSURANCE CENIEF-l 

276·9261 



triton times FrkIII" November 11,1177 ..... 12 'I 
RecT~tt-t~-';,-1 ~--6-at-e----:-r-po-, I-o-t-e-a-m-! h-a-n-d---=-s-s-.::....-D~S-U-1-0--7-se-t-b-a-c-k-

by" ve Gould 
Spo Edi&Or 

A famou:.; Greek philosopher 
once said that vengeance is 
sweet. If that's true, Russ 
Hafferkamp and his UCSD 
waterpolo team will savor 

W~nesday's 10-7 victory over 
the San Diego State Aztecs for 
some time. 

The Tritons had beaten Slate 
only once ever, that win coming 

late last season. And four weeks 
ago, the Aztecs edged UCSD, 9-
7 when starter Mark Gordon 
missed the game with a broken 
nose. It appears as if SDSU's 
dominance in the crosstown, 
rivalry has ended. 

Almost a rout 
Before an overflow crowd at 

the Natatorium, UCSD almost 
turned the big game rematch 
into a rout. Frank Ebel's three 

second period goals gave the 
Tritons a 5-1 halftime lead 
which stretched to 7-2 early in 
the third period. The Aztecs 
rallied to close the gap to 8-7 but 
it just wasn't enou,h. 

Both squads played sloppily 
throughout most of the opening 
period, exchanging turnovers 
on fouls and bad passes, and 
failed to get off good shots. 
David Harry tallied tile 

HANDS UPI Tritoll waterpoloer Oall Eby (23) watche. u Frank EMI (36) lira in a goal ill 
Wedneeday'. victory over Sail Diego State, It wu only the MCOlld time ever that UCSO ha. 
beat SDSU ill waterpolo. 

Dorms ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

Martin inferred that the 
criminal would be taken by the 
police to city Hall and charged 
with a misdemeanor citation 
resulting in booking the 
s tudent. And what can be 
done to control this situation? 
Martin said , "The students 
have to put a stop to this . We 

Jackson Hole ... 

can't stop it,we're not walking 
up in the dorms." 

While a few outside measures 
are being taken to halt false 
alarms such as a "memo to the 
students" from Muir Council, 
which hopes to educate 

students as to the effects of a 
false alarm, the burden is on a ll 
one thousand Muir residents. 

Complained one dorm dweller, 

(Continued from page 1) 
" Going (skiing) with a club is an advantage economically, and 

it's a lot more fun, " said Bob Nenad, ski club publicity chairman. 
" We get a lot of good deals that an individual just couldn't find." 

Contrary to popular belief, one does not have to be an expert 
skier to join the club; in fact, the club encourages non-skiers to join 
and learn to ski. One of the ski club meetings this quarter will be 
structured to inform beginners about some basics of skiing, such 
as how to walk on skis, how to tell if boots fit and how to dress for 
the sport. 

Each Monday night meeting is planned around a different 
subject related to skiing. Either a speaker gives a presentation or 
movies are shown, in addition to announcements about upcoming 
trips and activities. 

Making the rounds 
Besides the All-Cal Carnival, the ski club is sponsoring a five day 

trip to Alta, Park City and Snowbird (Utah) over Thanksgiving 
break . Four one-day trips to Big Bear, two weekends at 
Mammoth, a four-day Tahoe excursion and a week in Colorado 
have been planned for winter quarter. 

"We are the ones ' being 
awakened by bells and chants 
at five 0' clock in the morning! " 

LEARN TO FLY 

California Gliders 
Flight Training Center 

offers 
Hang Gliding Instruction 

at all levels -
novice Ihru expert 

7 Days a week 

Certified USHGA Instructors 

for further informat ion 
CONTACT 

ALBION CORPORATION 
8490 PRODUCTION AVE. 

SAN DIEGO. CALIFORNIA 
92121 

(714) 271-7610 

The ski club is also planning 
to hold an informal ski 
conditioning class before the 
end of this quarter. " We just 
want to get everyone together 
to bicycle , go running and get in 
shape for the ski season," said 
NenafL 

The Annex 

Lel:s than half of the reserva-
tions for the Jackson Hole trip 
are sUU for sale ; club leaders 
expe':t the trip to sell out soon. 

Ther.~ 'a re 150 members in the 
ski d ub nov,', :mti At least 50 
morE are expected to join 10 
time for the AU,Cal trip. 

A ::Iub membership can be 
bOU l{ht in room 20 of the 

recr~ation gym between 2 and 3 
pm, Monday through Friday, or 
at ski club meetings, which are 
held at 7 pm every Monday in 
HSS 1330. 

" The main purpose of the 
club," said Nenad. " is to make 
skiing fun and cheap." 

The All-Cal Carnival prom-
ises to be both . 

"The Old Smokehouee AIwIex" 
In Bltdlock 

A FUll LINE OF MEAT 
USDA "Prime Beef" cut to order (aged to your liking) 

We feature Hickory Smoked Bacon. Cheeses. and 
REAL HOMEMADE BEEF JERKY. 

Our delicatessen features corned beef, pastrami 
and torpedo sandwiches. We have a large selection 
of domestic and imported cheeses also. 
~!!'!!'!l~_~~!!!!~~]..s-'~!~~!_h_~~d..al"'_ I 
Order your genuine Smokehouse 
type Turkeys and Hams now. 

5467 L.a Jolla Blvd. 
454-1597 

Plenty of Parkin 
o en 7 days: 9 a.m. t09 .m. 

• 

contest's first score with just 
fifteen seconds left in the 
period. 

UCSD employed a tough man 
to man defense and some sharp 
passing to build up its lead in 
the second period. Running 
down the 35 second clock until 
five or six seconds remained, 
the Tritons worked for good 
shot opportunities and padded 
their lead by halftime. 

Aztec rally 
After an Aztec score to open 

the third period, Ebel and 
Gordon each tallied and it 
looked like the rest was 
downhill for UCSD. SDSU 
scored three more times, once 
on a penalty throw though, to 
make it 8-5 after three periods. 
State then parlayed a lob and a 
long shot over and past goalie 
Bob Alei to pull within one at 8-
7. But the Tritons maintained 
their composure and settled 
down to playing ball control for 
the remainder of the game. 

Tom Jorgensen scored 
followed one minute later by a 
goal from Gordon to widen the 
lead to the final 10-7 margin. 
With Hafferkamp screaming 

"No shots! No shots!" from the 
side of the pool, Alei watched 
the ball float in front of him and 
the last minute of playing time 
expired. 

Big game Saturday 

UCSD travels to UC River-
side this afternoon and returns 
home tomorrow for a 4 pm 
game with national power 

Pepperdine University. A close 
game or a win over the Wave 
would ensure the 11 ~ Tritons an 
invitation to the smnll f'ollege 
champio'lships on Nov . 25. 

Squeeze Play .' 
Anybody? 

. Bridge Club 
held Sun. Nights 

7:00 pm 
Med. Stud~nt Lounge 

Basic Science Bldg. 
(Winzer Commons) 

.Chicago Moves West 
Chicago StyleOeep Dish 

Pan Baked 

PIZZA 
Complimentary Soft Drink 
with presentation of this ad 

Amerlcan-Me.an a It .... n Dish .. 
BrHk' .... Lunch. Dinner 

Fast Delivery· In La Jolla 
after 4 pm . 
Open 7 days & Holidays 

1005 Prospect St. ~h~'Vntall~ ~== 
lffttnb· oardJ Ho ... : ': ..... -l1' ... mM ... ·S •• ~7Y 8: 00 am-ll: 30 pm Sun 

UC San Diego University Events Office in cooperation with 
Inter-campus Cultural Exchange presents 

Olraba1lfla C011lPaIlY 
in the Nation Science Foundation sponsored 

GLASS 
a phan'a~maJforic guided &our through histnry &0 see how 

has revolutionized our Uves. 
I< ... A Shining success! .. Washineton Post 

November 17, 1:00 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Studenta: ~ ,OO , G.A. " .50 
Tlckell: UCSD Box Office, 452-45511 


