
To Start Next rter 
Smoking Ban Set for Classrooms 

by Mark Stadler 
Managing Editor 

Beginning next quarter, "no 
smoking" signs will be placed in all 
uam classrooms and teaching 
laboratories. 

In a memorandum to all 
academic staff issued last Dec. 20, 
Chancellor McElroy said he or-
dered this action in recognition 
"that many students and others 
find smoking activity in the 
classroonVteaching laboratory 
setting detrimental to their well 
being." 

If enforced, McElroy's order. will 
mean UCSD will join the city and 
county of San Diego in outlawing 
smoking in selected public areas. 
Currently, smoking is only banned 

Followed Recommendation 
McElroy's memo was released 

following a recommendation from 
the Advisory Committee on 
Classrooms and Teaching 
Laboratories. Committee chair-
man Harold Temmer said last 
week the recommendation was 
"near unanimous" in recognition 
of an "unhealthy situation." 

According to Temmer, the 
assistant vice-chancellor for 

academic services. the drive for a 
campus smoking ban started last 
year at Muir College. The college 
council there tried to forbid 
smoking in classrooms on that 
campus, but the order proved 
unenforceable. 

The controversy, Temmer said, 
was then referred to the 
classrooms committee. 

The signs will be posted during 
Continued on Page 8 

State Officials Say '77 May 
Be California's Driest Yet 

by Hugh McIntosh 
StaHWrlter 

TT Photo: Bill Brooks- in certain areas of the campus There is a 50 percent chance 1977 will be the dryest year on record in 
Here's someone who probably won '/ like Chancellor McElroy's order to libraries. 0 California's history according to Robin Reynolds ofthe state Department 
place "No Smoking" signs in all UCSD classrooms. of Water Resources (DWR). Speaking at a joint public hearing of the state Water Resources Control 

New Company Takes North.. County Route 
Coast Cruiser Overrun by San Diego. Buses 

by SbaIDl8 Stokes 
ProdUCtiOll Manager 

It looks like the end of the road 
for the Coast Cruiser. Begirming 
next Monday, the Cruiser will 
begin runniftt- en a redttced 
schedule, preparing the way for an 
eventual takeover by San Diego 
Transit (SOT) in June. 

Also on Monday, SOT Route 41 
will link up with North County 
Transit in Del Mar. The bus will 
continue past its present terminus 
at Del Mar Heights, and terminate 
at the Amtrak train station on 15th 
St. and Coast Blvd. There a 
transfer may be made to North 
County buses traveling north as far 
as Oceanside. 

Fares Remain Uocbaaged 
The fares will remain $.25 on 

North County buses, and $.35 on 
SDT buses. Free transfers may be 
obtained between the bus lines and 
monthly passes will be honored 
only on the bus system from which 
they were pcrchased. SOT's 
Student Saverpass is ~vailable for 
$10 a month at the Cashier's Office. 

Costa Avenue at 6:55 am and 8:05 Del Mar, on weekdays, beginning 
am, and arriving at UCSD at 7:35 in September. 
and 8:45, respectively. There will Also starting on Feb. 7 is the new 
be three runs for the return trip in R t 21 . g f T rre 
th . I . UCSD t 5 00 ou e ,runrun rom 0 y e evenmg, eavmg a .: , Pines Inn through UCSD to North 
6:25 and 10:00 pm. The fare will be I"'"", .. t M ~;~nl Cent in Mir $.25, without a transfer. 'ftIe---- y e~ . cr a 
Cruiser will be permanently Mesa. It . 18 hoped ~at more 
discontinued at the end of classes s~udents will mov~ to. Mlra. Mesa, 
in June. smce low cost housmg IS available . 

Two-year Effbrt 
The link-up is the result of two ' 

years of effort on the part of the 
University, San Diego Transit, 
North County Transit and 
GreyhoWld, as well as the cities of 
San Diego and Del Mar. According 
to Ken Bowers, Assistant Business 
Manager at UCSD and one of the 
people direcUy responsible for the 
link-up, the University acted as a 
"catalyst" in getting the link-up 
underway. 

"The University created a major 
demand for the service and a~ 
proached the bus companies as a 
consumer." Bowers added that, 
"We got the companies talking to 
one another. Before the University 
got involved, no one had been 
communicating. Once they got 
together, . things started ha~ 
pening ... · . 

/ / 

Until JWle of this year, Route 41 
will continue . to nm through 
Sorrento Valley, adding some 
inconvenience to the riders Through cooperative efforts, San 
because of the time factor in- Diego Transit, North County 
volved. The trip time from the Transit and Greyhound reached an 
train station to Revelle will be 26 agreement and signed a tripartite 
minutes. After June , Route 41 will ~tract. It was thought that.. 
use the current Coast Cruiser route GreyhoWld would prove to be a 
on Torrey PineS Rd., which should I major ~twn~llng block, since it had 
improve the level of service. operatmg r~ghts along the coast 

Board and the California Water Commission here Monday, Reynolds said 
that if there is no significant rainfall before next Tuesday this year's 
drought will be worse than the one in 1924, the worst on record: 

Reynold said that other western states which supply California with 
hydro-electric power are also facing drought this year. 'Water supplies 
(this year in California ) are totally inadequate for almost every use," he 
said. 

The joint public hearing was called to gather evidence for preparing 
water conservation principles and guidelines. They would be used by the 
board, the commission and DWR to provide the most beneficial and ef-
ficient use of the state's water. 

How to Conserve 
Most people testifying at the hearing offered ideas on how to conserve 

water. Reynolds said guide lines on water conservation should be given to 
all water management agencies and that perhaps these guidelines should 
be made mandatory. . 

James Welsh, also of the DWR said a tax on excessive water use might 
be levied and a tax write-<>ff given to those who conserve water. 

" I think (progressive water rates) would be something a lot of water 
managers should be thinking about-an upsid~own water rate ," Welsh 
said. 

Members of the joint hearing panel were critical of the proposed-
guidelines suggested by DWR. Michael Glazer an~ Enid Pearson, bot~ of 
the California Water Commission asked why detailed water conservation 
proposals had been created for agriculture, but not for urban areas. 
Welsh said that such proposals will be drawn up by the DWR as soon as 
possible. 

Meterin& water use w~ Pl'gposed by Walter ~oy of the U:>~ An~eles 
Department of Water. Hoy said that when metenng water use m pnvate 
homes was tried in Boulder, Colorado, the amount used decreased 35 
percent inside and 50 percent outside the homes. 

possible," said Sumner. "We're 
going to have bar maids, pit 
bosses, legitimate equipment, 
and you name it." 

The setting will feature 20 
blackjack tables, four craps 
tables, roulette, and for the first 
time in the three year history of 
the event, Keno. Additionally, 
there will be a "shady lounge" 
upstairs in the balcony where 
word has it that mean games of 
poker can be found. 

Naturally, the atmosphere 
wouldn't be right without a band, 
o guests will be treated to the 

jazz group "Dance of the 
Universe" Orchestra . Refre h-
ments will also be available 
upstairs. 

. . . - . . .' route and Highway 5 between San 
The Coast C~ulSer Wlll contmue a Diego and North County. 

schedule of five runs per day, a 
reduction from the current nine 
nms. These are the nms leaving La 

However, Greyhound agreed not 
to sue SO Transit and to allow it to 
operate along the coast route as 
long as SD Transit agreed not to 
run express service along Highway 
5, which is a profitable run for 
GreyhoWld. 

Gonna Roll tb_e Bones 

Sumner has been working for 
this event since last August in the 
hopes that it will be "something 
to remember." "I think everyone 
should have great fun," he said. 
"This year with the expanded 
facilities , Vegas atmosphere, and 
prize list it hould reall be 
omething. " 

IValentine 
Personals · 

Valentine's personals, a fact of 
life, will soon be back. 

All next week in the TT Office, 
located in the southwest comer of 
the Student Center, you can spout 
words of love, up to 100 spaces, for 
ten cents. 

The personals will be printed 
Feb. 14, Valentlne'aday. 

Route %1 Belin-
OperaUoa 

Eventually, Route 41 will operate 
seven days a week to Del Mar; 
instead of the current five. There 
are no immediate plans, however, 
to make runs to Del Mar until late 
in the evening. At present, ~he last 
trip to Del Mar is at 7:30 pm. The 
University Is considering a con-
tract with La Jolla Country Day 
School to make one 10:00 pm run to 

at Saturday's Casino Night 
The current odds are five to one 

that Saturday's Casino Night '77 
will be the highpoint for UCSD's 
social events this year. 

[n other words, Las Vegas 
watch out. 

Beginning tomorrow vening at 
eight in the main gym, this year's 
in house gambler's naven 
promises to be li th best yet." 

" If anyone thought that last 
year's Casino Night WEI;! good, 

then they won't believe how much 
better this year's will be," says 
Randy Sumner, Coordinator of 
Casino Night '77. 

urnner's tatement is not an 
<l idl boast," as videnced by the 
addition of num rous gamin 
table and vent, as well as a 
proOlis d atmo ph r to suit any 
big tim wag rers. "Th s ttin 
we're going to have will be 
auth ntic to Las V a as 

Approximatel 50 prizes wlll be 
raffled for this year, including a 
ski trip to Mammoth and two 
round trip tickets to Lake Tahoe 
Th raffle lickets can be obtained 
by turning in $100 of ca ino 

:urtency for each one{$500 being 
1 ued upon entrance. A dollar 
"don-tion" is requ 'ted at the 
door) . Drawings for priz will 
begin at 12: 15 am, with e entual 
pnz wlnn r qUlred 10 prt! · lit 
an offi ial U D I.D. upon 
claimin th ir ifwlin in the 
R ration ym Offi e. 

So if ou mi the vent - w il, 
ou'v crapped out. 



.... el Fliday,Febraaryt.un7 

Pro/Con: Death Penaltyl 
~ 

A HW datil peuIty bDI .... ben latrodlleed to botII ......... the 
C8l1fora18 LeallJature. SbDuid tile datil peaIty be retuta&ed? Is It 
moral? ~ It qrael •• d ........ I? DoeI It provide a detelftllt to crime? 
DoeI our ,ownaaellt ave tile rlcllt to eaeeute dUze.? SItoaIcl lUe be 
preserved .t all costs? . 

TIle Datil Peulty: Pro or CoD? 

Pro: Arguments Convincing 

Con: of Due Process Law 
I feel that the strong argwnents for capital punishment are 

significantly more convincing than those against. There are five main 
points which those who favor the death penalty would like to emphasize. 
These are as follows: 

We of the uam American Civil Liberties Union 
feel the death penalty is an unacceptable fonn of 
crime control for constitutional, economic and moral 
reasons and has proven ineffective in curbing ~ 
commission of capital offenses. 

Stated simply, execution denies the constitutional 
right of due process of law. It·is an Irrevocable act 
which deprives an individual of the benefits of any 
new evidence or ruling pertaining to his case. This 
was graphically illustrated in 1963 when two Florida 
blacks were sentenced t&die and would have been pUt 
to death had not a delay occurred because the 
Supreme Court was deliberating the issue of capital 
punishment. 

Twelve years later, becalo5e of very questionable 
circumstances surrounding the trial proceedings and 
evidence, the two men were pardoned. They could 
very easily have become innocent victims of this 
antiquated and extreme method of dealing with social 
problems. 

Application of the death penalty has never been 
unifonn, clearly in direct violation of our con-
stit\!tional guarantee to equal protection under the 
law. It is imposed almost exclusively against 
minorities and the poor, who cannot afford adequate 
legal representation and are the least likely to 
receive fair treatment in the courts. 

The death penalty does not deter crime. In fact, the 
most recent statistics show that the two states with 
the highest homicide rates, Georgia and South 
Carolina, both maintain a death row. Furthennore" 
there has not been a decrease in the murder rate of 
those states which have re-established the penalty. 

Pro: Death for Safety 
Since 1950, there has been a large increase in the 

rate o~ seri0'!5 crime, such as murder, rape, treason, 
and kldnappmg. In the same period, there has also 
been a gradual abandonment of the use of capital 
punishment. Only a fool can fail to see the correlation 
between the two events. 

It is society's duty to provide adequate protection of 
its citizens' lives and properties. One of the best 
means of doing this is through the use of deterrents, 
but only if the deterrent fits the crime. In other 
words, the punishment must be harsh enough to make 
the crime unprofitable . In certain cases, the so called 
capital crimes, the only punishment strong enough to 
negate profit is death. 

It is a proven fact that a vast majority of crimes are 
committed by second offenders. A person who has 
successfully murdered once will murder again. The 
best way to prevent this is to terminate the life of the 
murderer. By removing the murderer from the 
street'>, society is protecting its citizens. 

Opponents of the death penalty are always saying 
"think of the defendents rights as a human being. ,; 
"Give him a second chance," they argue. They never 
stop to think of his victims, however. What about 
their rights ? They never had a second chance. 

We live in a Juda ic-Christian culture, so it is good to 
examine the Bible for insights into this controversy. 
It says, very pla inly, " When one man is the enemy of 
another , and he lies in wait for him, attacks him and 
strikes him a blow so that he dies , the elders of his 
own city shall send to fetch him ; they shall hand him 
over to the next-oC-kin , and he shall die. You shall 
show him no me rcy." (Deuteronomy 19: 11-13) 

This, then, sets the tone of American justice. As 
soon as the courts stop their bleeding heart leniency I 
and return to the Biblical injunction of capital punish-
ment , there will be large drop in the serious crime 
rate. And America will be saC e again . 

-Daniel Lee Shawler 

Next~ro/Con:Smoking 
Chanct 1l9r McElroy has issued an order that 

beginnin!: next quarter " no smoking" signs will be 
placed L1 all UCSD classrooms and teaching 
laboratOJ ies. Complaints have always been heard 
about sm aiCing in publtc place:l . 

But shou d smoking be banned? What about the 
smoking in UCSD cafeterias? Is smoking a right to 
be exer*d? Are we curtailing freedom by 
banning .m!.oking in public places? Should we have 
smoking s cUons? Or should smoking be banned 
in publlc domalns? 

Smoklug ill PubUc Places: Pro or Con? 
The Pro/Con column is written by the UCSD 

community. Each week a topic will be submitted 
for your consideration. We ask that you submit 
your responses in writing by next Friday at 3 pm. 
Repre ntative samples of your opinions will be 
published the following week. 

Submissions should be typed and double-spaced 
on a 74-space line. They should not exceed l~ 
pages in length. 

The FBI reports that 75 per cent of all murders 
involve members of the family or friends. In most 
cases of this type the threat of death would not be a 
factor in the decision to kill. In the instances of pre-
meditated crimes (gangland killings, air piracy, 
kidnappings for ransom, etc ... ), the offender usually 
expects to escape prosecution and clearly the death 
penalty will not influence him. 

There are even economic reasons to oppose capital 
punishment. First, the cost of operating high-security 
death rows far exceeds that of imprisoning a person 
for life. While ser,ving a life sentence, the individual 
can at least work to defray part of the cost of his 
confinement. Second, in cases which carry a possible 
death sentence the legal procedures are inherently 
more complex and therefore more expensive in both 
time and money . 

Capital punishment uniquely epitomizes the tragic 
inefficacy and brutality of a resort to violence rather 
than reason for the solution of difficult soeial 
problems. It has no place among a supposedly 
civilized people. 

- UCSD-ACLU 

1 r Deterrence: Those in favor of capital punrshment assert that the 
question of the deterrent value of the death penalty to life imprisonment 
certainly has not been and probably cannot be definitely answered by 
statistical studies. There is no rellable method for detennining who has 
contemplated committing a capital crime but refrained due to the fear of 
the death penalty as distinguishedlrorn other forms of criminal punish- . 
ment. 

~ir Robert Grirnston once said. "Capital punishment has obviously 
failed as a deterrent when a murder is commiUed. We can number its 
failures. But we cannot nwnber its successes. No one can ever know how 
many people have refrained from murder because of the fear of being 
executed. " 

However. in many situations the evidence of the deterrent value Is very 
strong. For example, criminals faced with life impriIonment have often 
refrained from killing their captors even though by doing 80 they could 
have escaped. When asked why they refrained from the homicide they 
replied that they were willing to serve a life sentence, but Dot to ~ the 
death penalty. 

2) Protective Measure for Society: Those In favor ~ the death penalty 
agree that the second way in which ihfforda society unique protection is 
by guaranteeing that certain criminals who have commlUed "par-
ticularly heinous" crimea will not have the opportunity to do 80 apln. 
Some criminals are incorrigibly anti-social and will remain potentially 
dangerous to society for the remainder of their lives. These men con-
stitute a danger to prison officials and to the other Inmates, and there is 
always the c.hance that they may escape. . 

2) Protective Measure of Society: Those in favor of the death penalty 
ag~ that the second way in which it affords society unique protection is 
by guaranteeing that certain criminals who have committed "par-
ticularly heinous" crimes will not have the opportunity to do so again. 
Some criminals are incorrigibly anti-social and will remain potentially 
dangerous to society for the remainder of their1ives. These men con-
stitute a danger to prison officials and to the other inmates, and there is 
always the chance that they may escape. 

3) Retribution and the Sanctity of Human Life : Capital punisiunent can 
be defended on the grounds that it satisfies a legitimate societal need for 
retribution aroused by particularly heinous crimes. Capital punishment 
is based upon our concept of the high value placed upon llfe. We consider 
life to be the most precious possession and, therefore, when the crime is 
the most heinous and most grave of all crimes, then we make the man 
forfeit the thing tha t is most precious to him, namely, life. 

4) Religious Argument: The defense of capital punishment on religious 
grounds rests on quotations scattered throughout the Bible in both Old 
and New Testamenls: 

Who so sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the 
image ofGod was the man (Genesis, 9:6) . . 

The New Testament does not have any quotatipns as direct as the 
preceding, however it is argued " that the law of love preached by Jesus 
implies the need for the .existence of a strong civil law, and that it is a 
misreading of the New Testament to see it as advocating leniency for 
criminal behavior." 

Con: Key Elements Obscured 
5) Publtc Opinion : Despite the US Supreme Court's 

ruling striking down the death penalty, public support 
for capital punishment is currently at the highest 
point in nearly two d~ades. The Gallup Poll taken in 
1973 revealed that 57 per cent of the Ameri.can people 
favor the death penalty for persons convicted of 
murder . California voters in 1972, by a vote of 67.5 per 
cent to 32.5 per cent, approved the restoration of 
capital punishment for s~ific seri.ous crimes. 

In recent weeks, the controversy surrounding the constitutionality and 
morality of capital punishment has resurfaced. 

U~ortunately, however, amid .all of the rhetoric appealing to the 
emotIOnal bases of men's and women's reasoning, the key elements In-
volved in this controversy have been obscured. 

Let us review the purpose and function of criminal punishment. 
In the first place, punishment is intended to be a deterrent to crime. 

Cesare Beccaria (1738-1794 ) a north Italian phUosoplle during the 
Enlightenment, and author of "Essay on Crimes aod Punishments" 
(1764 ) held that punishments should aim to " prevent the criminal from 
doing further injury to society, and to prevent others from committing 
the like offense." (Chapters 12,19, 27.) 

Secondly, the severity of the punishment muSt be commensurate ·wlth 
the sev~ritv of the criple, but in no case should it be cruel and unusual. 

Finally, justice must be dispersed equally and justly in all cases. To be 
fair and jus t , punishment can not be delivered in an arbitrary manner. 

The concept of using death as a deterrent to crime is not new. Indeed it 
is one of the oldest and most devious methods ever contrived by those'in 
power to control those individuals or groups who refuse to submit to the 
authority of those in power. 

I oppose capital punishment for the following reasons : 
1. Even though capital punishment is certainly a severe fonn of pun-

ishment, it is oot necessarily a deterr~nt to crime. Crimes are more ef-
fect~vely prevented by the certainty ra~er than the severity of the 
purushment. The certainty of a small punIShment will make a stronger 
impression that the fear of one more severe. 

2. Capital punishment is not, and can not be, distrIbuted equally and 
unifonnly under the law. It is, therefore, IDhereotly unconstitutional. And 
finally, 

3. From an historical point of view, capital punishment has proven to be 
too easily abused by those in power against minorities and is, therefore, 
very dangerous. Consider the Catholic Church vs. the "heretics" of the 
Medieval Ages; early America vs. the Salem "witches"; United States 
southerners vs. the slaves (18th and 19th centuries); Nazi Germany vs. 
the Jews; and finally the United States vs. the racial minorities of the 
Twentieth century . 

For the above reasons, I believe that any c1vi1iJed ad edacated 
society should shun the deplorable use of capital punishment which 
originated out of ignorance during Spartan times, Barbarian times, and 
the Medieval Dark Ages . We mUil! all realize that killing another In-

~Ividual will not remedy society 's woes ; that taking another Individual's 
hfe, no matter how degraded or filthy it may be, will not solve the 
problem of crime ; that two wrongs cannot make a right. 

-How.rd Peth. Jr_ 
Humao Biology - TIIInl Coll~,e 

. -Paul W.ItoD 

COn: Get to the Root 
I personally do not feel that the · death penalty 

should be reinstated in California, nor in any other 
state for that matter. 
_ Every human being has a right to live. We are not 
inherently programmed to kill, kidnap, commit 
treason or any of the crimes punishable by death. 
These'crimes are a product ofthe violent, jealous and 
greedy society in which we live. These crimes are 
committed by people who can't always make it in this 
society for various reasons, social reasons, not 
biological ones. 

Maybe someone's mother didn't love him as a 
child, so he committed a crime. It isn't biologically 
programmed for a mother to not love her child. It 
could be that something was wrong with the baby that 
SQCiety would reject, or even more simply, maybe her 
mother didn'tlove her and so forth. Who knows? I feel 
we should spend more time finding out. We should 
search for the root, not just deal with the results of the 
problem. . ~ 

Instead of closing the barn door after the horse has 
been stolen, wouldn't it be better to clOle the door and 
lock it against theft? Instead of killing a criminal, 
shouldn't we try to prevent the crime by finding and 
correcting the cause 8nd thereby locking the door? 

H more people would spend t.heir time learning to 
live among people again, learn to be open and honest. 
to give rather than take, society, In this country at 
least, would be better off. Maybe, even, more 
countri.es will look up to · the US again in respect. 

Peter, Paul and Mary, the song trio of1he Sillties, 
wrote a song that included a very important line -
" then I realize people were more important then 
things." This is something we all need to realize 
because people are more important. When we realize 
this wecan honestly say we'vecomc a long way. 

-S.I8DNe .... 

friday, February t, U77 ..... 4 .... 11I .. "S 

Pro: Capital Punishment A Necessary Option 
Capital punishment is a 

necessary part of any functioning 
society. It is unfortunate that there 
are some people who can not exist 
in society, but there are. Those 
people who wlllfally commit 
heinous crimes against a society, 
who can not function within the 
liberal framework of a society, can 
not be allowed to exist in that 
society. 

Because all "civilized" men 
have the same basic un-
derstandings, such as a high 
respect for life and person, this, 
Wlfortunately, means death for 
those who do not. It is to the ad-

rights, the right to life.chief among 
them. 

In the constitution of The United 
States 'the ' same guarantee. is 
made, the right to,"life, liberty and 
the pursuit of happiness ." J .S. Mill 
further states that anyone who 
willfully denies these rightS to any 
person, in so doing, loses these 
rights himself. That is, by com-
mitting a major crime against 
society one is in essence showing 
one's contempt of society and 
forfeiting one's rigtts guaranteed 
by that SOCiety. 

IT an animal becomes rabid and 
threatens the existence of 

DUE TO CIRCOMSfANG£S 
B£)t)ND OUR CONTROl.., 

"'GARY GI/J1Of1rE., GARY GfLMORE. 
HAS 8E~ CANC£LLED. 

of both the is destroyed. H a man 
action occur. It is unfair to threatens the existence of others, 

unfair and that judges play Goo in 
decreeing that a man lives or dies. 
A man may only be sentenced to 
death if found guilty of a capital 
crime. A man is found guilty by a 
jury of his peers, a representative 
slice out of his own segment of 
society. Though trial by jury is not 
infallible there are only a few cases 
that are wrongfully decided in the 
end. 

The principles of law that are 
used in these United States are 
time tested and just . No man 
sentenced to death in this country 
is sentenced wrongly. The judge is 
a representative of society, in his 
capacity as such he knows what is 
good for society. It is only after all 
avenues of alternative are ex-
plored that a man will be sentenced ' 
to death . When it does occur, it is 
what is best for both the man, and 
society. 

Those people who feel that only · 
God has the right to take lives 
should remember what the Old 
Testament states about The Flood. 
God was so upset with the 
decadence on earth that he sent a 
great flood and destroyed all, the 
just as well as the unjust. The 
courts only presume to take the 
lives of those who clearly can not 
function ·within the liberal, and 
moral framework of society. 
Where does justice prevail? 

Capital punishment gives us the 
opportunity to shape our futures 
and those of our children. Like a 
dog breeder utilizing selective 

, breeding, like evolution, it is a case 
of survival of the fittest. If society 
is to improve upon itself, it will 
have a hard enough time if 
everyone contributes. 

ask a person clearly not capable of he too must be destroyed. Man, in If those people with a penchant 
confonning to a standard to do so, all his glory, is nothing but an towards capital crimes are allowed 
and then punish him when he animalhimsell. to live, society will have a difficult 
proves incapable. It is just as I Out of the many leaves of a head time just maintaining equilibrium. 
Wl Eair to saddle the majori.ty, those of lettuce only a few are totally The elements affected do not 
who can confonn, with the burden bad. When these rotten sections deserve to exist in any society as 
orthose who can, or will not. are discarded and the small per- they do only hann. In order for a 

John Stuart Mill the famed centage of bad is cut out of the sore to heal it must be helped, not 
nineteenth century philosopher, in others, one is left with a perfect picked at. Capital punishment is 
his trealiese "On Liberty"; states headoflettuce. the penicillin for society. 
that all men h~ve certain basic Some people argue that justice is -Undsay W. Patton 

Con: Capital Punishment - A Waste Of Life 
The death penalty is born of an 

ancient barbaric idea equating 
physical punishment with justice. 
Brutality, floggings, stonings, 
removal of hands or eyes, bran-
dings, keel-haulings and war all 
come from the same idea . 

Most of these ideas about punish-
ment have vanished in America 
because of a phrase in our Con-
stitution about "cruel and unusual 
punishment." The gas chamber 

and electric chair are relatively 
quick and painless. In this sense 
alone they are not cruel and 
unusual. But their use-death in the 
name of justice-·is immoral, 
inhuman, and unChristian; a 
violation of the human right to life. 

The true issue is not political. It 
is moral. Most people base their 
pr<Hieath penalty arguments 'on 
three statements-" The death 
penalty deters crimes". 

Pro: Only Remaining Option 
In my mind its simpie : 
Until the point at which the United States JudiciaVPrison systems can 

develop a true 'life imprisonment without possibillty of parole,' the death 
penalty must be a reality. 

A person convicted of first degree murder must·be punished - he must 
not be allowed back on any streets. Either he must die. or he must remain 
in jail without a chance of becoming fr.ee. Presently, a convicted killer 
can be free. 

The only remaining alternative is death . 

Y04J~~ t\dI- ~t 
c« tIO't be i "'-' 
~"owc~ "to {il .... 
""'" c.. i 11IIIOf" Co 

oec.~i"", ~_ .... 
"re rou~ 

" Cri.minals should be put to death 
to protect society," - and "The 
death penalty is more humane than 
life in prison with no hope of 
parole ." 

These arguments ar~ all 
political, based on statistics, 
legality, and ideas. about 
humanity . The rebuttals made by 
anti-death penalty people parallel 
these arguments - " The death 
penalty doesn't deter crime. The 
roots of crime are in poverty and 
racism. IT you want to reduce 
crime, take care of poverty and 
racism first," - "There are better 
ways of controlling criminals than 
killing them," - and, "Where 
there's life, there's hope. I would 
much rather be alive in prison than 
dead in an electric chair." These 
are also political arguments, 
statistical argwnents. But the 
death penalty is a moral problem; 
the conflict can not be resolved by 
these arguments. 

Capital punishment is a crime. It 
is murder, a senseless was~ of life, 
the destruction of a human being. , 
If it deters crime, it is still a crime 
itself. If it protects society from 
murderers, it is still murder. If a 
few men prefer death to prison, the 
COlIN still have no right to sen-
tence anotherhman to death. There 
is no Justification for the death 
penalty ; nothing can excuse it. 
There Is nothing which gives 
anyone, including our justice 
system, the right to take a man's 
life. 
• We no longer condone other 
fonns of physical punishment; 
flogging, multilation, branding, 
and torture. We can't allow the 
most terrible fonn, the death 
penalty to rI$! .galn. 

-EHzabetil Eva. 

Page 3 

Consumer Report: Gas Prices 
(EdItor's DOte: Beginning toda~, the 'IT will preseot a weekly con-
summer survey on products often purchased by the UCSD community. 
In following weeks, prices wtll be compared 00 items ranging from 

records to contraceptives. Readers with product Ideas should ca11452-
34i6 and ask for the consumer reporter. ] 

CLAIREMONT 
ARMOUR 
8110 Balboa 
CHEVRON-STANDARD 
Clairemont Mesa & Diane 
Balboa & Genessee 
TEXACO 
5810 Balboa 
UNION '76 
7807 Balboa 
SHELL 
4180 Oairemont Mesa 
THRIFTY 
7777 Balboa 
4724 Oairemont Mesa 
4385 G enessee 
LA JOLLA 
ARCO 
Nautilus & La Jolla 
CHEVRON-STANDARD 
La Jolla & Birdrock 
Torrey P ines & LaJolla Sh 
SHELL 
7982 Prospect 
GULF 
La Jolla Village 
TEXACO 
7514 Girard 
PACIFIC BEACH 
ARCO 
Grand & Lamont 
CHEVRON-STANDARD 
Garnet & Lamont 
DOUGLAS 
4342 Ingraham 
LION 
2830 Garnet 
UNIVERSITY CITY 
ARCO 
Regents & Governor 
CHEVRON-STANDARD 
Governor & Genessee 
Governor & Regents 
MOBIL 
Genessee& Governor 
Governor & Regents 
DELMAR 
MOBIL 
Coast Highway 
TEXACO 
Coast Highwa y 
CHEVRON-STANDARD 
Coast Highway 
Cannel Va lley Road 
MOBIL 

Unleaded 

57.9 

none 
66 .9 

64.9 

59.9 

61.9 

57.9 
57.9 
56.9 

63.9 

67 .9 
69.9 

65.9 

63.9 

62.9 

61.9 

67 .9 

58.9 

57.9 

60.9 

63.9 
none 

68.9 
61.9 

67.9 

69.9 

69.9 
69.9 

Price (cents ) per Gallon 
Regular Premium 

54.9 

65.9 
57.9 

57.9 

none 

55.9 

54.9 
54.9 
53.9 

56.9 

63.9 
67 .9 

59.9 

60.9 

60.9 

57.9 

64.9 

54.9 

54.9 

57.9 

59.9 
59.9 • 

64.9 
58.9 

65.9 

65.9 

67.9 
67.9 

60.9 

71.9 
67.9 

66.9 

64.9 

63.9 

59 .9 
61.9 
59.9 

65.9 

69.9 
70.9 

66.9 

65.9 

64 .9 

63.9 

69.9 

60.9 

59.9 

63.9 

65.9 
65.9 , 

69.9 
63.9 

69.9 

71.9 

71 .9 
72.9 

Canne l Valley Road 67.9 66.9 69.9 
Tbe prices listed are the lowest offered at each station [seU-service 
where it is offered]: It should he noted that we also called Exxon 
dealers but they refused to give us their price Ustlngs 

- Vera M.I. Todorov 

n Letter 

Postpone Elections 
AN OPEN LE1TER TO ALL STUDENTS, mE COLLEGE COUNCILS, 
THE ELECTION BOARD, STUDENT NEWSPAPERS, THE 
COOPERATIVE UNION AND THE CHANCELLOR FROM RCCA. 

The Revelle College Council joined the call for a comprehensive student 
controlled referendum because they believed: 

a ) that the three models submitted by the swnmer Task Force on 
Student Governments would be circulated as petitions in a responsible 
manner and obtain enough signatures to be put on the ballot. 

b) that issues relevant to UCSD students would be circulated as 
petitions and be placed on the ballot to poll the students, if these petitions 
gained significant student support. 

c) tha t the referendum would be conducted in the interests of the UCSD 
students. . . 

All three of the above have not occurred. 
The Council views speed as an artificial pressure on the Elections 

Board. This Referendum was not called to fill a gap. We will either 
reaffinn the existin!( stru<![ure or request a change. The Coop will con-
tinue to perfonn the traditional functions of central student government 
lI\ltil the Referendum occurs. When the Referendum occurs is trivial 
compared to 11011' it Is conducted. 

People admit mistakes. Bureaucracies perpetuate them. The Elections 
Board has ceased to be a group of students willing to admit mistakes and 
correct errors. Instead it has been tracked ~to a single train of thought. 

The guidelines Revelle agreed to were simply that, guidelines. When it 
became apparent that the guidelines no longer were functioning in the 
students' interests, they should have been changed. The interest of an 
arbitraTY Referendum date and a self-imposed need for a voter's pam-
phlet with " unbiased" analysis of each issue should not take priority over 
an open comprehensive referendum ballot. What goes on the ballot is our 
top priority. 

We, the college councils and Student Cooperative Union, called for the 
referendum and thereCore have a r ight to modify the guidelines. We 
would not exclude anything accepted on the ballot. However , since not 
one of the three Task Force model!: w:J1I mcl'Jd r: he .... 1.,1 1Ind 
becaus 30 issues that received 250 signatures were not included we 
simply call for the addition of the following: 

a) the three Task Force models 
b) all issues that received 250 signatures 
If necessary, the election dates should j)e postponed./lnd any deadlines 

be extendt:d as long as necessary to complete the ballot properly. 
We urge all college councils to support their own riglU and work with 

their representative. in this matter. 



Darkroom 
Supplie8 ' 

Quality Equipment 

Bob [)a\'is ('amt.'ra Shop 
: - i I" • I I I 1.1 1 ,'j : 11) 

YOU CAN ,GO 
HOME AGAIN 

PSA has more low fare California 
flights than any other airline, Call 
your Campus Rep or 
PSAtomakeyour -.,~;~== 
reservations, ~ 

The National Lampoon 
tells you how to live your life. 

The Up Yourself Book-a guide to 
self-realization that crosses the last 

frontier of human pqtential. 

A National Lampoon special edition. All new 
material. S2.50 at your newsstand or boob tor • . Deluxe 

edition, S 2. 95. Or send check or money order to: The 
Noti_1 Lampoon, 635 Madison Ave .• New York. N .Y.10011 

I»(YILUCK DINNER 7:00 pm 
( rin!:: Hot t1i ~h . ~alati I J~ .A:tt ir <}II an) 
• 

& 
DAN~9:00pm 

F"a t u r i n~ : "Uison" 

Frid ay . F"bruary 4th 
T(' rn 'Y P in . ~ Inn - Imp 'rial Roo m 

For Informd tion / Rid,·s all : 
453- 1855 . 452-0461 

Admission: FREE 

Frid.ly, Februaryt, 1177 

u . t ASU I ast Weekend 
UCSD Tennis: Tight Competif 

by Mark Briant 
Staff Writer 

For those unfamiliar with the game 
of lennis, the question might sOllnd 
simple enough : what is the toughest 
shot in the game? 

A beginner's likeliest guess would 
be t!le serve or backhand, but that's 
not quite the idea. The question was 
probably best addressed by Paul 
Metsch, a former ranked junior 
player who now competes on the 
UCSD tennis team: "The toughest _ 
shot is the one you need the most -like 
a set or match point. Those are the 
toughest to get ." 

On a general level, anyone who ever 
,double-faulted at match point would 
understand Metsch's seemingly 
ambiguous response, which refers to 
the peculiar problems of developing a 
sound mental approach to the game. 
The inability to conquer this single 

, fa cet of the game has destroyC/i more 
prolllis ing players than any other 
fador. 

Tournament-Ie \'el ' ten nis is an 

almost laughable parado). - the sport 
has its roots In a gentee I society 
pastime where the participants halted 
play when they began to perspire, but 
the modern game has evolved into a 
bil(-time sport that is about as social 
as a street brawl. 

The pressure of a big point can 
occasionally rattle even expt:rienced 
players, as it did in the semi-final 
round of the 1975 Riverside (Calif.) 
Open tournament. 

Metsch. then a junior at Riverside's 
Poly High School, was scheduled to 
play Palm Springs teaching 
professional Lloyd Chaisson. 

The young player surprised o~ 
servers by taking an immediate lead 
in the first set, working his way to a 5-
4 lead, serving at 40-13. Either of the 
following two points would have given 
the first set (and a big boost of con-
fidence) to Metsch. They never came . 

Chaisson played the next two points 
with care, drawing an un-
cl-aaracteristically nervous error from 
Paul , then hit a crosscourt winner to 
pull even at deuce . Moments later, he 

IVII?"()~ I~S 
Ill()ll3ll ' 

1\1112 l?ul:llll§f)(I 
"That was a real f-d call, ref." 
Such is the life of the intramural referee. No matter what the sport, the 

referee is going to displease haH of the players all of the time. 
" I'm going to give you a broken nose after the game." . 
You can't win. Show up with a black and white striped shirt on and you 

are immediately bnnded as an enemy of the people. But have you ever 
stopped to think what your intramural basketball game would be without 
a referee. 

Heck, the broken noses would be dished out before the game was over. 
With everything at stake, you might as well clobber someone and then 
deny you fouled him. It may not be the nicest thing you ever did, but heck. 
he didn' t score did he? That's the .object of the game, outscore your 0p-
ponent. And without a ref you'll do it any way you know how. 

" Jeez ref, he should've taken his suitcases with him for all thetravelin'~ 
he's doin· ... 

But then again. it is a little on the impossible side to get Mendy Rudolph 
to do the games here at UCSD. So for now be thankful that someone is 
spending his or her time to referee the games you enjoy playing, 

"Nice call, ref." 
••••• 

Remember las t week when I reportcd on that exciting team of NOT 
BASKETBALL? Well I ha d the opportWlity to view their progress (or 
should it be ca lied digress? ) once again this last w~ek . They had me 
worried for the fi rst five minutes of their game as they took a slow 3~ 
lead , before colla psing to their inevitable fatc. Jim L. after reading of his 
prowess on the C'Ollrt drcid d to try and take things into his own hands in 
the first half . Besides getting his hands on the ball , he got his hands on 
just about everyone of the opposing tc1lms players, picking up four 
personal fouls in the process. It was left for Steve U. (6 points} and Rick 
P. (7 points ) to provide what offensive punch NOT BASKETBALL 
decided to show . 

Once again Steve C. and Charlie M. failed to SCOI' , but CharlIe did "how 
off a marvelous rWlning hook tha! did lI,anage to hit the backboard. And 
Steve S. did show up for the game. 

••• *1 

Turning for a minute to Coed Basketball , we find that UP ON TOP's 
run-and-gun show of Aumann, Vernon and Walling combined for six 
points to outscore MATZOS PATSOS. MATZOS scorched the nets for five 
points, not enough to beat Mark-, Frank and Dave. UP ON TOP's women 
provided another 12 points to insure the victory. 

••••• 

And last but not least, we tum our attention to a little bit of volleyball 
news. Over the past couple of weeks there have been two doubles tour· 
naments, one for the men and one for the women. Congratulations are in 
order for Amy Harbor and Karen Ross for winning the Women's Toumey 
and Randy Baldwin and Charlie Mann (related to Charlie M. of basket· 
ball fame) for winning the Men's Tournament. 

broke Metsch's serve, held his 
serve and ,broke Metsch again to 
the set. It was, figuratively , 
heard from the younger 
Chaisson won the match 7-5, 

The makeup of the current 
the Triton telUlis team provides 
interesting study in the ways 

. compctitive players deal with 
screaming pressure of match play. 

Tritons Evenly Matcbed 
It really isn't representa 

however, because of two 
characteristics of the team -
level of ability, and the ..... , .. ".,1'; 
of the squad. all the way down 
the twelfth and fifteenth players. 

The top four players - Metsch, 
Gerdsen, Billy Hein and Jack 
- arc so evenly matched that 
outcome of a challenge match 
depend, literally, on who had a 
night's sleep. 

Because of the Inherently 
dividualistic nature of the 
players experience an unusual 
pressure that is dealt with in 
original ways. 

" J really don't do much 
lllentlll preparation (or a match ." 
(~enlsen, . . I sort of wait until I /((·t 
the match and develop a strategl 
go along." 

Unlike footlllill or basketball . 
pressure is focused on an a 
entity known as the team. a 
player walking on ::ourt is made 
comfortably aware that he or 
must prodoce - or be humiliated. 

A tennis player's willingness 
accept this and occasionally be 
barassed partially explains 
healthy egos encountered in 
tennis circles. As irritating as that 
might be to a casual observer, it 
conunon denominator in every 

Despite strong spikes such as these 
their match with San Diego State T 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 

•............ _ ........ -

DICK RAKOW 281-4586 

triton times 
Dav,d ~scn· EKec:uti .. editor 
Mark Stadler· M .nolling oditor 
Gary Ghirard, • Ad ... "lsing M.n-a" 
Alan Russell· N_. ed"or 

= STUDENT AUTO IN 
IF YOU CARRY 8,UN1TS OR MORE A 

AN EXCEPTIONAL RATE. MAIL 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ' I NAME ___________ _ 

• • I 
ADORESS __________ -
AGE __ PHONE ________ .. 

= ACCIDENTS OR TICKETS _____ --. 

Friday, February t, 1977 

the Top 
who ever lived, and the self· 

that goes with it is 
the most important part of a 
'sgame. 

Team Unity 
of the prob le(TlS facing the 

of a team s uch as UCSD's is 
the intense competitiveness that 

players to reach that level of 
also creates some heated intr8-

rivalry . 
guess I've stressed team unity 
these guys more than any other 
.. said coach Tad Yamaguchi. 

... I think the guys are 
to realize they're good. How 

don't know yet, but the 
is that while the individual 
carry us, it's a team win if 

it and a team loss if we don·t. 
if we don't have that unity, we 
not hang together late in the 

whe n it counts." said 

unity may have enabled 
score the biggest win in the 

of the UCSD tennis program 
weekend in Tempe . Ari~ona . 
dropping a 5-4 decision to the 

crf ll l ,\rizollCl Slale Univcrsity 
))1' \ ih . r: lIlk('d ten th in the NCAA 

[('SO came b,ick with a big S-
in the fina l m£ltch on Saturday. 

, , I1ein and Nick Wh.ite all 
singles victories, and Gerdsen 
tough three-set match that 

to a moral victory. The 
little j Wlior pushed ASU All· 

candidate Jeremy Cohen to a 
6-2 win that was closer than 
indicated. 
dropped a three set matcb 
big-hitting Eric Sherbeck, 
Ragsdale lost to. Dick Pet-

n pt,<)'o B,II Brooks 
PAUL ME r ~CH Un(' of UCS/)s top ({'nn;' pltll't'" 

match was White's recovery. After a 
rough m atch against Pettinghill 'on 
Friday, White came back and blasted 
21 aces en route to his s ingles win. 
Metsch and Gerdsen casily took their 
doubles match, and Hein and Broudy 
clinched it with a 7~, 6·3 win in the 
final match . 

Team Competition 
Surprisingly. the tense com-

. petitiveness that would be expected to 
develop on a team of this caliber 
hasn't materialized. 

problel11 ." said GenL~e n. who played 
one of thc finest matches of his life . 
£lgainst C.ohcn. "We rC£llly don't have 
it here. though. The players on this 
leam arc ... well, pretty big headed, I 
guess, but we're all pretty friendly. 
We joke around a lot. 

"Ob, it 's there," said Broudy. 
----'--------, ··Definitely. But not on this team. I 

"There's a tremendous variety of 
styles on this team. Paul likes to play 
steady, I like to rldly with the guy, 
Broudy uses a lot of touch. Nick White 
hits the hell out of. the ball . But they're 
all effective, and I think the guys are 
willing to play wherever necessary to 
do the most for the team," he decided. 

···~···"I 
NeE = 

• I 

think we're more interested in doing 
what's necessary to win the match. 

" I could see where it might be a 

Which should. for now at least, keep 
the pressure on the opponents of the 
Tritons. 

Women Swimteam Upgrades 
Performance at UCSB Meet 

by Jeff Homun 
Staff Writer 

Santa Bn l'bara was the scene for 
aquatic action last weekend as the 
women's swim team com[Jf' ted in 
the UCSD In iwtional. 

Improvement of a number of 
swimmers' limes, in their 
respective events, added strongly 
to the team's effort. 

Newcomer Diana Clark bettered 
her 100 yard breastroke time with a 
1: 20.0 performance. 

Dis tance freestylc r Diane 
Ludwig improved her time by 
seven seconds as she swam a 2:32.0 
in the 200 yard {reestyle. 

Doubling in the 50 yard freestyle 
and 51! yard butterfly, Sue Zneimer 
lowered her times in both races 
with respective clockings of 27.9 
and 33.3 

Kathy Lynch gave a fine showing 
in the 100 yard individual medley 
with a 1: 17.0 effort. 
' An all-around effort by team 

captain Ceci Smith accounted for a 

27 ,3 in the 50 yard freestyle and a 
29 .5 in the 50 ya rd butterfly, the 
tcam's best marks in both events. 

Ln addi tion to the individual 
events, the t('am ga\'(' fine p'r-
formDnccs in the rclays . 

The 200 yard freestyle relil~ 
team of Ludwig, Lynch, Smith and 
Zneimer sprinted to a I : 54 fin ish 
and the 200 yard medley team of 
Clark. Karen Leider, Lynch and 
Smith combined theil' talents 
toward :.l 2: 11 c1ockitlg. 

" I'm happy with OUI' results at 
Santa Barbara ," remarked coach 
Diana Dalln, " But our team lacked 
depth. " 

The team placed eighth among 
the 16 pa rticipating schools . 

Today 's meet at Whittier 
College, featuring both men 's and 
women 's competition, should be a 
close one. according to coach 
Dann. 

The Tritons will play host to a 
touring squad .from the University 
of Utah next Tuesday in an un-
scheduled dual meet. 

Parking 
Students are Reminded 

"5" P~i", p,nnit. er, V.1hI In YELLOW STlIPED 
Perkl", Spec .. Onl,. (St, c..,., M.,) 

at.tIou .. In"" ... ' P.rII .. ". Falnilierft, ' .. rs," 
.ittI .... P .. 1IIt I ...... '. Alec Neoelman - A .... I". N_. edhor Shauna Slokes - Producllon M .... ger 

Sue Nealon· Copy edhor 
Ran Anba,· OpInion editor • • 

• I 

CAR CENTER OF SAN DIEGO 

I 
I 
I 
I ' 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Seoll Sad,l · Sporll edltOl 
Tim MacKenz , - A"sldllor 
B, II BrookS· PIIOIO editor 
Joel COon· A .. ocl.r. New. editor 
VPra TOdO' OV , Community editor 

275- 1042 I 
NUMBER OF UNITS CARRIEO_--'-___ -.' D;li~~.R ~)9ill i7 Parking 452-4223 or x4223 

••••••••••••••••••••••• ••••••••••• 

_~5I 
A BARGAiN AT ANY PRiCE 

EspEciALLy 2~ CENTS 

You've golla date with 
Crystal T 

PageS 

o 

,( 

to dine in her elegant Emporium, 
dance to her Electric Music Machine 

and play games in her Parlour 
dominoes, che~s and backgammon, that is! 

';00 HoIl'1 ('ir( II' North 
{d ' ,h .. Town dnd ( Hunlry Hol .. l) 

UC San Diego Campus Program Board Presents 
the San Diego premiere of 

v 

,. \ 

"' 14;: 
. L 

( '- t: I 
y , 

.1 ... '-, 

A film 
, t·I " ,L I'. "I' J, )ll P {" 
j t'iHtli ~ I I tJ m 

l ion call 452 -4559-------... 

ould you like to help run the University? 
STUDENT REGENT 

and nominating commission 
Applications ... no" being t.ken In the oeso 
Sludenl Organ. olfiee, second lloor 01 the 
North Siudenl Cenler. 'or the position ot 
STUDENT REGENT, The person chosen wlU be 
lhe third s ludenllo become I yollng member 01 
the UC BOlrd ot Regents . 

All curren lfy enroll ed s tudenl s , who "li l oltend 
8 UC campus next year. at. encouraged to 
apply Time commitment and a.pertise in 
" .Iewide UC Issues . ftecll ng studanl. will be 
a m';o r crlle rlon In the selection proc .... 
Tbese Issues Include Ilna ncl.1 .Ids a<I-
minl",etion. budget.ry m.tI .... education.1 
quat ify . , Iudent servle. s • • llIrmatl .... etlon. 

S1ud.~1 ri lhls. and mojor ' .lIis l.tlon. 
Appllcatior ' deadl in.ls F.brua ry t t , 1977, and 
all ap",k:.tlons musl be lun,ed In to the 
5 1ud",,1 Conler Ollie. , ApplicanlS will be 
se,eened by two regional NOMINATING 

f":~tfI ""~ 01 _ 8<ad ... " 
trom •• ch campus Slud ... " Int .... led In 
sen .. nq on th.s. commissions should IIIso pk:k 
up appheallon' In Ih. S.C.~IIc., The d .... ,n. 
lor comml,.'on a pplication. I •• ., February 

; 41h 

---.-.;,;-.e::J;1j Fo, lurlbe, In'ormatlon . tonl.,1 J.II MIrII. 
~ ANEX Oil e 'or or Andy Schneld .... Coonllnllet 

452·4450 



triton tim~8 

iYON' TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Cl.usif.~ R~tes 

St udent ",15 • 25 cents 
Person •• • 51 cents 
Lost and Found · free 
Non·student ads - SI 
Deadllneat I pm. two 
days prior 10 pubHcallon. 
Ads may be submitted 
bet_n 8-10 and t2·20n 
MWF. fl.ll and 1·30nTTh, 

WANTEd , 
Need exira cash? Paying Top Dol .. for U.S. 
silver coins before 11166. and penni •• before 
1959. Ken 755-737113121 

WanllO renl house. 3 B, .. I I 12 balh. or larger 
from 611177 105/31/78. \\Irile Gimbels . 831 
Oakdale. Chicago. III. 80657 (219) 

Hey' We need more applications but the 
deadline was yester~y lor the Mona,chy so 
forget it. 

To Peter IheEater: here's to your birthday! In 
S.B . Library I'll be Ihlnklng of you with beer 
and pretIM at my side. The four nun. miss 
you much . SO come back for more. Lo"",, 
Pierre Lia Poe and owne" 

Looking fO( CAM Book . 1st ed. 1i1)e: Biology 
Today. please call Lerty 81 461·3&47 or write 
to 4854 CampenUe Or. S,D .. 921 15 

Rlghl·handed sublects with normal hearing 
for phonetics expo • S2 Ihr. Catl x2537 or 
• come by P & L 3126(2/16) 

Have you had an ABORTION? It you are 
willing 10 gi~e an anonymous interview for a 
documenlarycaIl747·6688. 

Typewriter. Underwood electric, 15 inch, 
ottlce desk model, elile Iype. Call Greg 45~ 
1868 (214) 

Ski bcots·Lange Phanloms. Brand new ! 
Used once. Worth $160, will sell f~'~. Call 
755-4259·all . 6, (219) 

Honda CB350 excellent condition new 
batterieS and tune up. ~ or best oIfe, 
St ... 756-7269 (2/4) 

Eplphone acouallc guitar wilh case. Brand 
new, SIlO, Gary 45~242(214) 

1968 Toyola Corona Mk. II . $900 , auto, very 
good condition. Cell 755-8077, after 6 p.m, 

~~ . 

Honda CB400 Supr condo xlr. : 114 
Fairing digit. clk; , helmel. lrunk. many mora 
51400 Jon ~223(214) 

Honda 75 CL360 only 1500 miles 7 mo. old 
aeon. with betl helmet call Todd. 455-9008 
(217) 
Dalsun 70 4·dr. Sedan. 510 stick 4-sp. Good 
mllooge 56000 mi. $1050. Evenings. wk-end 
only. 277.4964(214) 
Uprlghl plano for Sale. Good condition, 
5400.00. Call 276·6064 (2/9) 

Siereo components al wholesale prices, all 
major brands . all new. guaranteed . call Todd , 
744-7548(214) 
Led Zep Tickets. Floor sealS. Forum Sec E. 
Sun .. Ma~h 13. Call 452·9343 (219) 
69 VVI/ Camper wi pop·lop '73 engine . Excel. 
cond o BeSI offer 582-4482. 

. Scuba gear-everything but tank , regulator, For Sale Yamaha Enduro 125 mOlorcycle 
gauges . Worth $350. Will sell for $200. Call 3000 m,les on ,I I'd like S425. Rich 45~28' 
755-4259 alt . 6 (219) alter 8 p m 

74 Dodge Van . 112 Ion . CuS/om tnl low 
Miles AM IFM t...,. . mags. 54000, 453·9370 
12/7) 

'73 Honda CB175 xlnl cond, 10 miles. S3S0. 
Also : 4 U,S. Mag wheels xlnt condo 1240 
.alue new .. SIIO now 453-9370 (217) 

Camera and lenses: Mamlya Dll 1000 $125 
VI vita. 85·205 $100. 400 mm S12O. 2B mm $70 
with cases Gay 45~242 

1965 BMW Model 1800 rebuill engine new 
brakes new clutch new shooks S800 or besl 
oller c"'274~73 . 

Canon FI Cemera with '1 .4 lens. mini condo 
5450.00 include. new Canon Cal·ltash syst . 
Chuck 454· f971 (217) 
Armslrong MOd 103 open hole flule: used 2 
wks. perlect : $195 w/>!ras; leaWl name & 
phone tor JOhn . 45~8167 

70 VW Pop· Top Camper excel condo 18000 ml 
on facl new eng. new Ii,es. ~hocks , batt . 
make olle, 452·1796 

Curtains: Pastel . muliticolor. siliped c ur· • 
lalns. Fits any Ae.elle mudhul room. Only 
S20 455-9592(2/7) 

2 front row Sl!als. on the floor. for Led 
Zepplin. San Diego Concert. $120 each. 453· 
3243. aflernoons. 

----------------------------------------------
I I 
I I 
I I ! The Bus ~s your best friend.' i 
I ... And now you have a new friend in the Unk-up between I 
; San lIego Transit and North County Transit b~ses 41 and 1. ; 
I I 
; SCHEDULES: Every hour, Monday Friday, beginning February. 7. I 
I I I SOUTHBOUND · NORTHBOUND I 
I First bus leaves Oceanside at 6:02am First bus leaves UCSD (Revelle) at 6:22am I 
I Last bus -leaves at 6:02pm. Last bus leaves at 6:22pm. • 
I I 
I Lv Mission & Hill (Oceanside) :02 First bus leaves UCSD (Revelle) at 6 :22 AM I 

Lv 101 & La Costa Ave. :31 Losf bus leaves of 6:22 PM, 
I Lv 101 & Leucadia Blvd. :38 Lv UCSD (Revelle) :22 I 
I Lv 10) & E Street (Encinitas) :45 Ar 15th & Camino del Mar (Del Mar) :53 I 
I Lv 101 & Chesterfield (Cardiff) :50 TRANSFER TO ROUTE I I 
I

. Lv 101 & Lomas Sonto Fe (Solano) :53 Lv 151h & Camino del Mar :00 I 
Ar 15th & Camino del Mar (Del Mar) :00 Ar Lomas Sonta Fe (Solano Beach) ;05 

I TRANSFER TO ROUTE 41 Ar Chesterfield (Cardiff) : 12 I 
I Lv 15th&Camino del Mor :00 ArIOl&EStreet(Encinitas) :15 I 
I Ar UCSD :26 Ar 10) & Leucadia Blvd. (Leucadia) :23 I 
I 

Raufe 41 buses will stop ANYWHERE in Del Mar if you flog down the Ar 10) & La Costa Ave. :31 
drIver. Ar Miss ion & Hill (Oceanside) :54 I 

I I i TRANSFERS Are available free from drivers, i 
I I 
I '-0 I 
I FARES SOL.""" I I .. .C!"c~ I 
I I 
I including transfers are 25 cents on North Cou~ty Transit, and 35 cents I 
I on Son Diego Tronsil. If you ride ONLY the Son Diego Transit buses, I 

you can purchase 0 STUDENT SAVERPASS from the Cashier's Office for 
I $10 per month. -- ".I\TII c." .. T1 ."S I I 
I • .... "' ... '" C._T" Sn, I 
I ., I 
I I i COAST CRUISER t;> i 
I will ;;antinue to ru n until the end of Spring quarter on a curtailed o-q I 
I sche j Ie of five runs per day. These are the buses arriving UCSD at I 
I 7 :30 a d 8:40 AM, and deporting campus at 5:00,6:25, and 10:00 PM. I 

I I 
I I 
I for more information, schedules, or maps, call m-r ~ : r I I - I ~I I 

:-I 452·3670 or 452·INFO. J:~o I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

. _--------------------------------------------

PERSONAls 
BIO 77 Bodega Bay Marine Blo; Spring; 1~ 
Unit: ECHINODEAMS: ... ·ch; coni . JUdy, 
2130 BH . x2007 Immed. fo< apptlc plus In· 
terview (214) 

Meditation course (12 hrs.) baaed on Edgar 
Cayce conceptll. For InlOl"matlon and 
brochure caM 4~~ I 423 (2/7) 

Muir College Advanaod Writing EKamlnalion 
will be gi_ on Mon. 217. 4-10 pm In HL 
1438,' StuOents wishing to take It this Qlr. 
must sign up In HL 1254 bV noon on Mon., 
217 

Bre;otl]lakingly Beautiful Baby e.lerina and 
Beloved Bed Buddy Brenda Barnard. BahaWl . 
Beslially on your Brief . But Bountiful Bir-
Ihday . Signed your cuddly col companion . 

To my IriendS ,n D-House Ihank .. for Ihe beSI 
B-day ever Ilo.e you Debbie. 

, Hey l here sweet potalo. You sweet sexy 
Ihlng Me again 

We of Porola would like to express Our 
discontenlmenl w,'h Ihe results of the Ilfst 
annual Fourth College MOSI Walchable 
\o\(oman Conlesl The sou lh side of our 
campus was completely neglecled and we 
feet Ihal Ihis 's a big Inlustlce 10 Ihese at· 
Iractlve women: 

H My life Is now compllcaled wilh many 01 
lhe worlds dislractions but il I lind It 
releaying 10 know I have support from such a 
stable Indivtdual . 

Hear all ye from the realm 01 Snedley a royal 
luau & reuOlhng 01 ,he Knighls w,lI be held al 
lhe expence of the Royal Tax Colleclor 
Honoring Ihe lore menlioned nobel Feb. 18 in 
D.M. RSVP 

Lost contact glasses in brown pouch return 
10 Beagle 104 Revelle Campus badly needed 
(217) 

HoII Rockman. aclor . seeks well groomed 
poodle for deep and meaOlngful,elal ionshlp. 
Phone 481 ·8592. 

Young professor 127)' wanls someone (o.er 
18. lema Ie) 10 allend sexual freedom league 
party with , If you mighl be Inleresled call me 
at 223·9557 . 12114) 

Learn the 4 easy steps to more manageable 
hair Ask OLB in Tenaya . Sanla Claus 

'", College commuters. Who are you? Where 
are you? Tell us n"xl week. 

The phone number for Ihe Foundation is 45~ 
8123 See laSI Wednesday's personals. 

Happy Blrlhday Playboy!! Love. Hussy 

Argo 340 Is looking for a few good men . 
Apply weekends . in person. afier 9 pm. 

If God had meanl for you 10 be a virgin you 
would have been born neuler Or bull - ugly 
Call '5~2778 0< fo r Emergency Service call 

45~0211 

JKG I am so gtad Ihat you're here we're going 
10 haye such a fun Weekend! Love ya! TDS 

Holl Rockman ACIOI'. seeks att,aclive girl. 
HairY legs opllonal. 481-8592. 

TRAVEl 
EUROPE. HAWAII and ASIA charter flights . 
Book on campus! CIEE Siudeni TraWlI 
Services. Open M·F 1·5 pm. Cat I 452-0630 
(6112) 

SUPER TRAVEL BAAGAINS Specialists In 
Ihe best deal for you . .. Cell TMT x452-1981 
(3121) 

[Continued on pagel] 

~'HI(:H SHAMPOO IS 

MILK +. 
6 OZ. lubes · 1.98 ......... I qt . 7 

LOOII OF BUTTERMILK 
6 oZ. lubes . 1.49. ,.. .. .... I qt. 6 .89 

HEAO PROFORM 16 oz . .. , ...... 2.35 
VIDAL SASSOON 8 oz. .. .. .. . .. 2.06 
!T80z. . ......... 2 . 1~ 
UNICURE 16 Ol 2.tI!i 

ANDMOAEATTHE 

VILLAGE 
SUPPLY 

737 PEARL 
Don·t be mistaken The addreH of our 
PlalB I. on Pearf but our enlrance I. off 
our fr. parking 101 on Eadl. lulllOUth of 
Peart In lhe new building willi Len! 
Bryon'. Cookietl . Dick'. LIQuer IOd The 
Soup boNtno-. 

111.00 

FrIday, February 4, D77 triton times Pa,e7 

pastel, Photo Exhibits Also Annual Youth Talent Tryouts 
Rope M Creations at La Jolla The annual Youth Talent Auditions sponsored by the La Joll4l Civic/University Symphony & Chorus Association will be held Saturday, Feb. 19, 10:30 am, and Sunday, Feb. 20, 1:30 pm, in the 

Mandeville Center. 
by Debbie Schwanz 

~taff Writer 

Everywhere you look, there's 
construction going on ! 

Using rope as his mediwn, artist, 
Patrick Ireland elplores 
possibilities for enclosing and 
constructing space. With what art 
critic Edit de Ak refers to as "a 
systematic and structural 
teclviique," . Ireland spins a web, 
marking off and dividing special 
territories. 

These studies in space constitute 
the principal exhibit in a 
fascinating collection of work by 
three up and coming artists. The 
collection is being presented by the 
La Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art through March 20. 

French artist, Christian 
Boltanski, is -represented at the 
exhibit by pastel posters and 
photograph collage stories. With 
simple costumes and backdrops 
and a very expressive face, 
Boltanski captures the chann of 
silent movie melodrama in series 
of photographs. Narrative captions 
are used to explain the action of 
such comical pranks as "The 
Malady of Grandfather" and "A 
Furtive Kiss." A mastery of mime 
and clown techniques as modes of 
expression entertains the viewer in 
the photo-stories as well as in the 
vivid posters which announce 
Boltanski's show. 

"48 Rugged Wheels in 7 Ways" is 
the title of one series of fool-the-eye 
constructivist photlHirawings by 

Ireland's intriguing acrylic rope Marc van der Marek in yet another 
drawings use primary colors to exhibit at the museum. 
ponder over the line and its in- Architectural substructures, 
terrelationships with space, which . palms, and stems are also subjects 
seem to change as the viewer explored by van der Marek, of 
moves his point of reference. The Amsterdam. Throogh the com-
three-dimensional pieces, bination of photographs and pencil 
suspended from ceilings and walls, .drawings, the artist emphasizes 
produce a similar, but more linear compositions and special 
dramatic effect with the added divisions in the chosen subjects. 
touch of depth. • illusory extensions of the original 

Audition Night May Become 
A New Tradition at UCSD 

UCSD's first Audition Night will be held this Sunday in Building C 
(Cultural Arts Hall) at the Student Center from 7 to 10 pm. 

The object of Audition Night is to provide a facility where UCSDand 
other corrununity musicians and performers can get exposure. The 
organizers hope to get 6 to 7 groups playing sets of approximately 20 
minutes in length. 

University programmers as well as community promoters and 
programmers will be in attendance. The aim here is to facilitate 
better prograrruning, since grqups will be in a setting where 
programmers can observe audience response in addition to judging 
the performers individually 

Those interested in performing should contact the Student Center at 
452-4022 or 452-4754. 

Depending on the. responses from participants and observers alike, 
this could become a permanent program at UCSD. 

_0 'NlIlClOU'lN . ... 

NO~ION 1Wn:¥O 

photographs are fun and puzzling 
as they stretch a very real image 
into a basic linear representation 
ofitself . 

Although van der Marck and 
Iretand work in quite different 
media, they share an obvious In-
terest in the line and its surroun-
ding space - and in constructing 
images through this in-
terrelationship. 

JOBS ON SHIPSI American. 
Foreign . No experience 
required . Excellen! pay . 
Worldwide !ravel. Summer job 
or career. Send $3 .00 for in-
formation . SEAFAX, Dept. 8-6 
Box 2049, Port Angeles, 
Washington 98362 . 

The Auditions Committee announces competitive auditions and 
awards in three categories: voice, piano and orchestral instruments. 
First place winner in each category will receive $100, second place $50, 
third place $25. 

Required audition music for voice is an aria by Bach, Handel or a 
composer of the classic period; a song aria in German, French and 
one by a 20th Century composer, from memory. For the piano 
category a contestant must be prepared to play from memory a work 
of Bach; a complete sonata by Haydn, Mozart or Beethoven; a work 
from the Romantic or contemporary pertod and the first movement of 
a concerto. For Orchestral instruments applicants must be prepared 
to play from memory a sonata, suite, or similar work from the 
baroque or classic period; a work from the romantic or contemporary 
period; the first movement in its entirety of an accompanied concerto. 

To be eligible to compete in the Auditions a contestant must be a 
high school senior not over 25 years of age, a resident of San Diego 
County, a student in a school, or a music teacher in the county for at 
least three months. ApplicatiOns must reach the Auditions Committee 
by Feb. 10. Fonns can be requested by mail from 1545 La Cumbre 
Drive, La Jolla or by calling 459-5678 or 459-8971. 

In addition to cash prizes,- winners of the competition will be con-
sidered for solo appearances with the La Jolla Civicroniversity 
Symphony and on Coffee Concert Programs. 

"I don't bme to 
battle free 
and traffic ... 

I don't have to park in the city . . 
I t's less expensive than airlines and 
more convenient, So I ride the train all 
the time: whenever I can. " " 
Carolyn Forche. San Diego 

Try the train 
to Los Angeles. 

SOUTHBOUND 

Los San Juan San 
Angeles Fullerton Santa Ana Capistrano Clemenle OceanSIde Del Mar 

830am 9058m 92tam 949am 1009.m 1029.m 
10 lOam 110Sam 11 218m 11.9am 12 09pm 1229pm 
.IOpm .4Spm 50lpm 521pm 549pm e09l>m 
820pm 855pm 911pm 9 llpm 959pm 101~ 

NORTHBOUND 

San San Juan 
San Diego Del Mar Oceanside Clemente CaPIstrano Santa Ana Fullerton 

100am 7 lOam 751am 820am 842am 900.m 
1000m I JOpm 151pm 212pm 2'2pm JOOpm 
430pm SOO!>m 521pm 542pm o 12pm " 30pm 
820pm 850pm 911pm g.Opm 1002pm Il20pm 

This service IS ftnanced in part by the California Departmenl of Transportation 
No reservahons requm!d , For more Information call 624-0171 In Lo A..-llMcOf' 
800-648·3850 outSide los Angeles. 

Conlact CIEE Student Tr vel Services 452 30 

San Otego 
110Sam 
10Spm 
e 4Spm 

105Spm 

Los 
Angeles 

9358m 
33Spm 
70Spm 

.05Spm 



...... 

for Service 
Mon. -Fri. 

BonICELLI'S 
BEST 

HAIRCUTTING 

.-

TEAM 
NOW 

OPEN MON. 
TOO 
9-4 

5625 La Jolla Blvd. 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

Phone : (714) 459-8218 
-Redken Retail 

Center 

DANCING 
NITELY 

THIS WEEKEND 

"ROSIE and the 
SCREAMERS" 

COME CASUAL 
656 HWYIOI 

ENCINITAS 

triton tiDIes 
Muir Reporter 

Dartmouth Exchange Open 
by Dorothy HOUltoD 

Staff Writer 

Next Friday is the last day to apply to the Dartmouth Exchange 
Program spring quarter. Thirty spaces are available to UCSD students; 
Muir students are given top priority. W l'ilwn Information on the program 
can be obtained at the Muir Provost's office, with additional information 
available through Maxine Henry, academic counselor at the office. An 
unlimited number of UCSD students can attend Dartmouth in the sum-
mer. 

Plans are being made for the 1977 summer orientation/registration 
program and Welcome Week activities. Today is the deadline to apply for 
orientation leader positions. Karen Kirtner, student activities director, 
welcomes suggestions for improving the orientation program. Volunteers 
are needed. Contact Kirtner at extension 4675. 

Graduate Schools Still AcceptiDg 
Fred Henderson Assistant Dean of Muir College, states that though 

many deadlines fo; graduate schools have past, others are still ~ccepting 
applications. For information contact Henderson at the Mwr Dean's 
College office at extension 3587.. . 

Muir College commencement meetmgs are now bemg held every 
Tu~ay at noon. Seniors are invited to participate in the various sub-
committees. Meetings are held in the Muir Provost Conference Room 
2148. 

MORE ClASsifiEds 
. liousiNG 

For rent Own bedroom In spacious. fur· 
noShed. 2 bedroom apartment directly above 
ocean . heated pool . Quiet , mellow at-
mosphere . Siudent preferred but flexible 
$100 plus share of utolilies. 436-9850 (214) 

Own room In 3-bedroom condo, Playmor-La 
Jolla. I';' miles from school. pool nearby. 
Congenial roommates AvaIlable April 1 sl for 
spring and summer $116.00 per month. call 
Jon. 453-6471. If not home. leave phone no. 
(2/14) 

Solana Beach 1 or 2 males to share Api 5123. 
mo Call Marc or MIchael al 755·3642 Ocean 
and racelrack view . pool . sauna. Jacuai. on 
new bus lone 10 UCSD. etc. 112 $1 00 deposlle 
share eleclroc. 

ResponsIble female wanted to share 3 bed . 
wlcouple in Del Mar Hts. $125 & 1/3 u\il. 
fireplace . large yard 755-7578 eve. 

Wanted 1 non-smoking, mellow room-male 
to share 3 bedrm . house in CardIff . Please 
call after 7 753-6875 (21 I) 

Couple ($165) or single women ($1 (0) over 21 
10 share CardIff O<'..ean vIew house with 
couple own rooms 753-9630 

Roomate wanled La Jolla Village ApIS. 1 
mile to UCSD POOl . Jacuzzi. greal room: 
males $77 a53-9370 (2/7) 

On campus housing con lract. Musl sell now. 
MUIr Apt N4 F,ve room , maJe 453-8821 Glenn 

2 Housemales needed own room In 4BR 
CardIff duplex. fIreplace. yard . near bch. fwy 
$1051 mo & 113 utI. 753-7057. 

Female . stlare large house , Def Mar. Beach. 
pool . JacuzzI Private bedroom. 5100 & share 
ul,l Call 755·41 OS (2/11) 

Wanted own room in quiel house In la Jolla 
or P B musl be non-smokers and clean call 
Magg Ie 755-0083. 

SERViCES 
Typing - Marilyn would like to fulf ill your 
typing needs .. expert , reasonable , has an 
IBM . New . 271Hi728 (2/ 4) 

CAMPBEll-BAllOU typist. Clairemont Sher 
279-1418(3121) 

MEDICAL SCHOOL havi ng placement 
problems for med school? We can help you 
find 8 place now In Italy. For Information call 
(213) 331-2490 or write : MEDICAL 
STUDENTS ABROAD 5120 Nearglen Ave. 
Covina, CalIf 91724 (3/21) 

ASB Special : Unisex hairstyling 112 price. 
HaIrcut. shampoo. blow dry. $8.00. Call 459-
8229 for appts. The HaIr Stylist, 7563 'Girard 
(3121) 

lost unwanted pounds & inches. Healthy & 
easy way to lose weight & keep It off. Call 

l~nn 481 -8290 (3/21) 

Tuloring . algebra trig ., anal. geom. calculus, 
physIcs . statistics . GRE. Callish 287-4751 
(211 4) . 

Womancare : Self-Help ClinIC . abortion 
prenala!. annual exam So . 1050 Garnet , P B 
488·7591 

II you're tored of being fat call MaggIe at 755-
0083 after 6 p.m. Weekdays or weekends 

TypIng ' Term paper. theses, dissertations, 
RUSH JOBS. edIting call 453-0656 . 560-8171 . 
286·4936 (3121) 

LOST ANd FouNd 
losl ·Man ila envelope Mon . aflernoon in Hl 
1205 call 270-5292 or IT office 

losl In Mu ir Quad - green notebook and 
folder with B,o. noles. Pease call 453-7718 

Found - Small . woman 's watch near parkong 
lot behind Hum. Lib ., if you lhlnk it's yours 
call 453-0780 Eric. 

lost·Waliet . black - My name Is Greg Kirk 
Please cali 453·7407 If found . Keep the 
money if you want. 

lost· Light brown wallet 1131/77. Need 
desperalely. Call Shirley 421 -8340 

Lost Black Pullover sweater wllh high 
school band InSIgnia west balcony gym Call 
K,m 286-1092 

Bealhlaklngly Beautiful Baby Balerlana and 
Beloved Bed Buddy 

f'riday, Febnary., lt77 

Smokirw 8m.. 
(CoatIDued from pqe 1] 

the quarter break because the 
campus physical plant staff will 
then be able to work wiUlout 
disturbing any classes, Ten:uner 
said. 

While McElroy, a smoker 
himseH, has not extended the Muir 
smoking ban campus-wide, en-
forcement ~y still prove to be a 
problem. The Chancellor's memo 
says enforcement of the "no 
smoking" policy will rest with 
individual faculty members. 

So, if a faculty member "chooses 
not to enforce the ban, it won't be 
enforced," Temmersaid. 

Non-Smoking Pressure 
However, the assistant Vice-

chancellor added he is optimistic 
that pressure brought by non-
smoking students and faculty will 
guarantee enforcement of the ban. 

While considering the smoking 
rule, Tammer said, committee 
members were affected by the 
findings of UCSD physical 
education official James R. White. 
White has found smoking is also 
hazardous to people near a person 
who is smoking . 

White, whose findings were 
featured last year in an article in 
UC SaD Diego Weekly, said' "The 
smoker has the right to smoke, to 
inhale as much smoke as he wants, 
but he doesn't have the right to 
inadvertantly cause · others to 
inhale his exhaust, and that is 
what's happening." 

Asked yesterday for reaction to 
McElroy's memo, White said, 
"Since cigarette smoke has been 
known to increase anxiety, reduce 
attention span and ' affect other 
physiological reactions, it j.s a 
logical action." 

The "no smoking" order has 
received little reaction from the 
academic staff thus far : One 
faculty member - saying there is . 
only "spotty evidence cigars and 
pipes no more than annoy non-
smokers recommended 
clasSrooms be divided in smoking-
non-smoking sections. 

Anotber faculty memb~r --
saying the "notice does not go far ' 
enough to meet health 
requirements" - suggested a total 
smoking ban in classrooms. 

The Troton TImes IS published by UCSD students as an official student newspaper. 
Publicat ion is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school year 
(except on off,cial holidays) . Editorial and buSiness offices are located in the Student 
Center at the UnIversity of california, San Diego. For editorial , call 452·3466; for buSiness 
and display advertising . cail 452-3468. 

leiters to the editor and opinion columns are welcomed, All submiSSions must be typed 
and doublEt-spaced on a 74-space line. They should not exceed 1-112 peges In length. 

Submilted material must bear the name and student identif ication number of Ihe author. 
Names can be withheld from publication on request ; however the names will be held on file 
tor public inspection . 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of spoce limitations or 
style requirements. 

Entire con tents copyright 1977 the Triton Times. 

EDUCITID. orPORT.ITI ...... 
announce the pres nee of 

Graduate rcpr sentative from th following school who will b 
hl'rt' on au ream pus : 

David Estrada· UCLA Graduate School of Education 
Date : February 10, 1977 
Time: 10 :00 a .m.-J :OO p .m . 
Place : Stud ' nt C ntpr Complex, Bldg . "13" 
VC onference Room 

Ms. Wilda Campbell - The University of Texas at Austin/ 
Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs 

Thi s two YCdr graduate program trains people for ca r r with th 
govprnment and they wou ld lik to e ncourage Chicanos, Bla ks, 
and won1£'n to r onsid r careers in the pubJi sec tor . 
Date: r bruary 11 , 1977 
Time: 1.00 p .m . ..f:J :OO p.m . 
Place : Student enter Complex, Bldg . " [3" 
V Conf!'r 'n c RoOm 

Danny Walker, Randall Jackson - UCSF Student Affairs of the 
SchoolofPhannacy 

Thl' minority rl'C'ruitm nt committee has a program de igned to 
I' ll< ouragE', (ounsei, and recruit so io-e onomic di adva ntag d 

~tudl'nt~ in th • S hool of Pharm~cy at UCSF . 
Date : re nruary 11 , 1977 
Time: 2:00 p .m.-4:00 p.m . 
Place: Student CentN omplex, Bldg. " [3" 
VC Conf(·[(·n c Room 

rOr Illor infornwtion you may contact : 

Shirley A. Cunningham 
Assistant to Director/Campus Coordinator 
4524250 

Women's 
fashionable lesale 

Clothing Bo&&tice 
**************~ ~ . 5th Annual !"1t 

irUCSD TALENT SHOWCASE'" ~rizes and Guaranteed BookingS!¢ 
i'. AUDITIONS: Feb. 8, 9, 10 *' GO leGtablea & Glotbes Q Q Q on Gonsignment 

1484 Ga,net. 1 ::Ol~~=:~ 
~.;-Tt .. & ••• U-00-, -00/"';-lat. l0-00-1-00 

: (Show: Feb. 26) \ *' 
~. Sign-Up at EDNA ' . * 

~************* 


