
legal counsel 
is here r~ady 
to give help-

by Susaa RetcbmaDD 
Staff Wrt&el' 

Do you sometimes feel guilty 
lDltil proven innocent? 

Reduction in fees 
sought by SPBC 

by Reed Alpert 
Associate News Editor 

The total elimination of the Education Fee was again affinned as a high 
priority item of the Student Body President's Council (SBPC) during 
their m etings at UCSD Friday and Saturday. 

Dave Schontz, the SBPC undergraduate representative from UC 
Berkeley and chairperson of the SBPC's budget committee, has already 
testified before a joint Regents' committee, urging the University to 
"propose complete state funding of the Educational Opportunity (EOP) 
and Affirmative Action Programs (AAP) as a condition to reducing total 
tuition . " 

Currently, the $100-a~uarter education fee is used for student financial 
aid. Schontz noted, however, that the state now funds the entire EOP 
program at the state and community college levels. 

The SBPC is composed of two representatives, one undergraduate and 
one graduate, from each of the nine UC campuses and serves a dual 
purpose as an advisory body to UC President David Saxon and as a 
council representing the UC students to the statewide administration. 
They meet once a month in order to have committee meetings and meet 
as a full council. 

Legal counsel services, Wlder 
direction of attorney Rail Levens, 
offer free legal advising to all 
UCSD students. Each academic 
year, 12-1300 students venture to 
the bottom floor of BUilding B, 
located near the student center, for 
aid in problems ranging from on-
campus discrimination to off-
camp:JS auto accidents. Funded by 
student reg. fee money, the office 
operates weekdays from 8 am to 
4:30pm. 

With the 1978-79 University budget currently being reviewed by 
The Student Body Pre.lclent'. Council met at UCSD Friday and Regents, the SBPC is working in a number of areas in addition to the 
Saturday ... and they talked. . ventual elimination ofthe Education Fee. 

"I can't think of any situation 
that we don't handle," stated 
Levens, listing divorce, land-

Bakke reverberations 
across the nation 

New program 
A new $1 million program for associate-taught innovative and ex-

perimental courses was suggested to the Regents Committee on Grounds, 
Buildings, and Finance on September 30 by Schontz. The program 
"improve undergraduate education by offering more discussion sections 
and by providing more personal attention to undergraduates." 

lord/tennant, criminal and by Helaiae Luky 
contract conflicts in the repertoire The case of Allan Bakke, the 34-
of the most occurant cues. He year old who applied for admission 
later mentioned that advising on to ~e Univ~rsity of California at 
traffic tickets has been discounted DaVIS Medical School and was 
because his staff "got swamped denied entrance, is before the 
with. tbmu, wIlDe peGple with . ~nmt Cowi ~t jtil also being 
serious problems were in im- Judged on campuses across the 
mediate need of assistance " country . 

. Bakke filed sult against UC at 
Levens, Administrative 

Assistant Mary Virga, and two 
legal interns comprise the small 
staff which is "busy, but seems to 
function well", Levens com-
mented. " We try to I?e accessible 
and to see people as quickly as 
possible. " 

Levens stressed the fact that his 
big interest lies in the area of 
preventive law, before any grave 
difficulty arises . He stays in-
formed of the punitive actions 
taken by the campus police. "If 
they're going to arrest somebody, 
I'd like to talk to that individual 
right away. " 

flaJarJ or Laws. 
It is considered essential to see a 

student directly after he has been 
injured, or if he is in apprehension 
of an impending law suit. 

In his folD' years serving as legal 
counsel, Levens has established 
and maintained teamwork with the 
ACLU on campus in order to help 
prevent trespassing of student 
rights. Similar relations are in 
effect with the "Page One" 
coordinators and are expected to 
begin with the "Hotline" service 
scheduled to open in six weeks. 

Davis contending that minority 
students less qualified th n he 
were admitted under the special 
admissions program solely 
because of their race. 

Bakke claimed that he was a 
victim of reverse discrimination 
and that the program was 
therefore lDlconstitutional. 

As a result of the Bakke case, a 
Colorado law school applicant who 
was denied admission told a 
Colorado Supreme Court last 
month that the University of 
Colorado's application of minority 
admissions program is similarly 
lDlconstitutional. Phillip DiLeo, an 
Italian-American, was denied 
admission to the University's law 
school lDlder a special minority 
assistance program in 1973 and 
1974. He was told that despite his 
social and economic disadvantage, 
he was not a member of an 
"identifiable group" and could not 
be considered for minority ad-
mission. 

DiLeo sued the University but a 
1976 ruling decided in favor of the 
school. 

DiLeo's lawyer, David J. Ter-
nlund, referred to the Bakke case 
saying it differed from the 
"reverse discrimination" suit. 
DiLeo argues for the retention of 
educational programs for 

Wolunteering for experience 
"Unless you've got the In-

tuition of a bat, the only way to 
decide on a major is through 
practical experience," said one 
student organizer of the 
Vollmteer Fair, to be held from 
11:30 am to 1:30 pm on Wed-
neaday at Revelle Plaza. 

Through a Warren College 
exploration program called 
MetamorphoIis, the Volunteer 
lI'alr wu c.'ICIDCIJftd at u • 
IDIUI at ·'vol.......... for 
ellpertlllce," uld J ..... l 

Murray, assistant college dean. 
A variety of professional groups 
have been asked to attend and 
offer vollDlteer positions for 
students who need direction in 
making career choices. 

You give something free and 
get something back," Murray 
ezpLained of the program. h 
listed Common Cause, The 
Humane Society, Cloister of La 
Joll. OJnvaiescent Hospttal 
and the San Olego Voludeer 
Divilion u participants In the 
event. 

minorities of all kinds, not select 
groups. The Bakke case, Temlund 
maintains, argues that all 
programs with quota systems for 
miriorities are unconstitutional. 

Back at UC-Davis, Rita Clancy, 
a 22-year ol~ Russian ~rant 
wbo appUed for adrriission to the 
medical school, charged that she 
was refused admission because she 
was a white woman. US District 
Court Judge Thomas J. MacBride 
granted Clancy a temporary 
restraining order allowing her to 
register for classes. 

MacBride said that Clancy 
probably would have been ad-
mitted if 16' of }OO openings in the 
class had not been reserved for 
minority students who are selected 

. from a separate pool of applicants . 
The Bakke, DiLeo and Clancy 

cases are stirring emotions on 
campuses around the country 
where heated debates are centered 
around the i sue · of reverse 
discrimination. 

At UCLA, the American Civil 
Liberties Union sponsored a 
meeting featuring a Beverly Hills 
attorney, Jack BraUer, who 
argued in behalf of the Bakke 
argwnents to eliminate special 
minority admissions J)['OlUams. 

(ConUaued OD page %] 

"A good quality day-<:are center can't be self supporting," Josie Fox, 
Cllild care coordinator for San Diego, told the full council meeting 
Saturday. Fox said the facility needs a $40,000 subsidy. She also requested 
that a full-time statewide coordinator be appointed to handle problems on 
all the campuses. 

Fox said that the results of a survey on child-<:are at UCSD, although 
not final, Indicate that the upport is "ov~rwhelrningly in favor" of the 
University lending help to the day-<:are facility. 

The SBPC continued its battle against the propo ed changes in un-
dergraduate admissions requirements . The new requirements would 
evaluate students according to a linear combination of grade point 
average (GPA) and test scores . 

The SBPC also pa sed a resolution to enlist upport for a bill that would 
eliminate the loyalty oath provision from the California State Con-
stitution. Currently all employees of the state of California are requireu 
to sign a lo'yalty oath in which they swear to support and defend the state 
and federal constitutions against all enemies foreign and domestic. 

"Unfortunate Relief" 
The recommendation for the action came from the SBPC's Social 

Responsibility Committee which argued that "this particular oath is an 
unfortunate relic froIJl the McCarthy era" and that any person intent on 
destroying the United States or the state of California would sign the oath 
without hesitation . 

The SBPC is al 0 attempting to get all UC faculty members to disclose 
all sources of income in excess of $250 a year. They are also working to 
have all Academic Senate committee members, department chair-
persons, and deans, disqualify themselves from any decisions involving 
allocation of resources to programs that could benefit the faculty 
member. . 

The council is beginning to function more smoothly, " Now that the 
individual committee are getting in gear and becoming more familiar 
with the issues," said Chip Clitheroe, graduate representative from UC 
Irvine Co-<:hair of the SBPC. " What we have here is a huge collection of 
overcommittee people," he added. 

GUU8griiph 
LIe .... to the ... u .... Aaahata prowlded the beat - the beautiful weather provided an excuse. 



Make a dedliD. a. Yow ... , a 
freeC_ ....... 

triton time8 .......,.0eWIer 17, 1m 
Commentary 

Student government: Time . for direction 
Ity AIIdJ BellDafter Student NEalis administration, the RePtI'lllon Fee Committee, and the 

""" ... ~._ HOnll'jf 5IJ-liFE AsHeIate NeWlI!'.dIter Chancellor, and the Regent. line given their blealng. U it deJean't 
Meeting after meeting with a long agenda. Arguing over disputed govern in the accepted aenae, where does student government have the 

political positions late into the night. Images of student government pow .. to take authoritative leadersblp? 
mlgbt even conjure up a smoke fUled room or two. Here at UC San Diego Leadership Impllea ~ from a group of people. Too often a student 
there baa beal enOUlb iJarIgue, vendetta, and revolution in stude~ government will use the rhetoric ~ repreaerUtiCli to legitimize a role of 
gcwenunent t9 fill a 'made for TV novel' ~ thrilling suspense. superviaion. Does student government mean meet1n8 the needs and 

Now we aU imow that student govermnent bums up a lot of energy and allBWerini the concerns of • conatltuency? Or, does It mean a few 
it bums out a fair quota of students, but what does aU of this effort ac- . students come up with a decision after consultlng a rew more students 
compUsh? who have established themaelves by cuming with lhe politico crowd? 

Student government bas many facets. It is the end product of group As a student government the Associated Students could give the Image 
interaction which takes 00 the personality of the people who participate. of success by developing a smooth system with aU the title trappings, but 
The type of structure is Important only In so far as It establishes ground the AS could also s~ in a greater aense by reaching out to students to 
rules for the game. These guidelines will be used and broken as people solve the pressing problems of our community ... to meet the challenge of 
win,loose, communicate, fall to talk, achieve goals, or abandon principle. questioning power structurea and reoI'1IaniziDg social systema. TIie 
Individual actions that support or detract from a common direction choice is between acceptinl or exceeding expectations. 
determine the coUective product of a student government. Oh you say, "yes It should, sure it can" ... Not until individuals are 

The product which is created by many people and commonly e~ressed willing to conaider the long range good of the whole student body over 
through student govemnem can mean many different ~. It can iuunediate individual needs. It is a value Judgment and a tough 
serve as a facade for a few who give input on the behalf ~ others. A respoDlibllity. When will it bappen? 
student government can work to advocate. It can become a play toy with .... ----------~~~~~~~~~~~, 
which the users act out the fantasies of their own ego. It can use Its Bakl.e quota, a practice that in almost aU 
resources as a vehicle ror change. It can develop services which meet the ft • ~ • • other circ\llDlltancel has been 
needs of students. An editorial . in the declared moat foul and Incldiously 

WIIIt dDa • govenmeat govera? Mauachusetts Collegian at tbe discriminatory." 
~ce my eig~ grade Civics class, I have labored under the impression University of Masaacbuletts at Protests and contests COICinue 

(and so does Webster) that govenunent ls "authoritative direction or Amherst argued in favor of the while the decision rests in the 
control, responsible for the supervision of public affairs". But ask Bakke position saying that the uCr bands of the Supreme Court. 
yourself , what does a student government govern? Not mu.ch. Sure now Davis special admissiOlUl policy Schools are In the midst of what 
and then 'the J;(overnment might set a fee and allocate It .. . n gllt after the "serves to establish an obviOWI will be a precedent-eettlng case. 

Madame Nan~J 
Natural Born Psychic 

Indian Readings 
Advice and guidance given to those troubled by 
indecision and personal problems. All questions 
answered . 

Past Life Readinqs Given Also 
Phone l.J60-1I718 

. 

Announcing. . . 
Warren College 

3rd annual 
Harbor Cruise 

Dance Saturday, Oct. 22 
Tickets available at: 

Warren cafeteria · 11 :30·1:30 
Warren Provost office · 1:30-4:30 
Warren Res . Hall office · 6:00·9:00 

Admission : Singles $3 .50 
Couples $6 .00 

MONDA Y NIGHT 
FOOTBALL FROUCI 
See lhe falne on Color TV in our cock.· 
taillour,ge and Crystal Room. Happy 

• Hour %' cocktaila and wine from 2 
p.rn. until 2 a .m. Hot and cold bon 
d'oeuvru until 7 p.m. 

ENJOY OUR 
~ACKERSPE~I 

Char-broiled .leak, avocado aDd 
lomato on touled f~nch roll., kinr; . 
k';;:;;;~~ .ize French rries and lOlled salad with 

[Iario', apecial dre86i~! 

A.~ Ihe SUlIlIMr HOUle Inn 
Torrey Pine. Rd. at 
La JoIl. Shoree Dr. 

Students, Come 
VOLUNTEER, it's worth it! 

Wednesday, October 19 on the Revelle Plaza a dozen or more agencies 
will have tables set up and representatives on hand to sign up in-
terested students. Thls is an excellent chance to gain some useful 
experience in a field you might be aiming for as a career, not to 
mention the great self~tisfaction you receive in donating some time 
and effort to a worthy cause. 
Make II a point to stop and talk to some groups and check out the ~ 
portlDlities. 

Event Sponsored by 
Warren College 

Career /Life Planning Board 

NITTY GRITTY GREENERY 
I liS, WALL STREE r 

LA JOLLA 
PH.!.. St..-22IQ 

ADORN YOUR DORM 
'20% off ALL STOCK 
FOR UCSD STUDENTS 

With 1'0' CARD 
lAst 4 Days 

UC San Diego Unlvor.lly E ...... Offlo. p,...,ts 

Chicago's Organic Theater Company 
in Kurt Vonnegut's 

The Sirens 
of Titan 

''TIIe ... ~ of TltM I, 1M Oroanlc·. 
1001' ... Uh) _ kind 01 "...terp~I" 

Oct. II. 'p. 
M.ftde"lIl. Audltorlu .. 
Students : '3.00 
Gena.1 Adm'_on'; n .oo 

, . 

TId& ... 
UCSD 80. 0IIIce 

4P-4IH 

D/SCRIM INA110N 
\q("Co 

C' -~ 

MlDday,Odeber 17, U77 triton times Page 3 

New Fraternity ivanhoe travel 
Pre-meds to organize at UCSD 

by Wesley w .... 
· Staff WrHe.-

tries to help," explained Nagata. the kind that would be willing to 
"Also, it's nice to be a member of put in time and effort." 

VACATION BARGAINS 
In the future, the pre-medical 

students of UCSD may have the 
prestige of their own fraternity . 

an hOllor society, itlooks good 011 a ....................... . 

person's record." ., I nsider' to~ Club Med's F.om Charters Playa Blanca $280.00 F ..... Hawaii 179.00 
"Alpha Epsilon Delta (AED) can 

serve a purpose. It will not be a 
name only organization," 
promised Peggy McCartyh, 
Coordinator of the Health Sciences 
Advilory Program at UCSD. 
McCartby wu alluding to the fact 
that past pre-medical clubs at 
UCSD have falled to materialize 

The USC pre-med fraternity is • 
not all business, either. The b · ·d · Chicago $198.00 New York ' $231 .00 London 349.00 
fraternity puts 011 an initiation e Ins Ie: 
banquet for new inductees, a • 

Phil./Balt. Frankfurt 399.00 Zurich 449.00 

~ l~~ !l a~c~:;~ next I·ssue=.· 
"Scapel·Drill Bowl," where the 
premeds challenge the p~ents to 
a football game. 

Boston *$292.00 
Musl be booked 30 days In advance . ... y 111 ... t 7 day. , no longer lhan 45. 

into substantial programs. 
Alpha Epsilon Delta, a pre-

medical honor society (honors 
because it requires members to 
have a minimum 3.0 GPA). 
originated at the University of 
Alabama in 1926. Its membership 
has grown into a nationwide 
organization. U Ua;D does obtain 
a membership, It will be the fifth 
school in California to do so. USC 
and USD are active members, with 
the other AED California chapters 
have become quiecent. 

USC was the first campWl in 
California to becoem a member of 
AED. The Trojans boast one of the 
most active pre-med fraternities in 
the country. Among the activities 
that the chapter handles are 
Medical school applications 
assistance, peer counseling , 
volunteer referral service and 
sponsorship of an amual Southland 
Premedical Conference. The 
conference brings together variOWI 
medical school representatives 
and other speakers involved in the 
health fields. students who attend 
the conference are allowed the 
opportunity to talk and question 
the representatives. 

" It's a good way to get in· 
volved." said Michael ~agata, 
President of the AED at USC. 

Always the persoa's record 
"USC recognizes that it has a 

large prehelath student body and it 

" We don't want to foster any 
eggheadedness," joked Nagagta. 

Many of the programs conducted 
by USC's AED are handled here by 

·the hardworking pre·helath 
corrdinator McCarthy . She is in-
volved with a mayriad of health 
related programs which include 
field trips to variOIL'l health in-
stitutions, volunteer placement 
and special programs which bring 
health professionals on camPWl to 
speak to interested studentS. 

However, McCarthy believes 
that these programs should remain 
the responsibility of Career 
Planning. 

" Career exploration belongs in 
Career Planning ," explained 
McCarthy. " I see AED doing 
separate programs. AED could put 
on programs with guest speakers, 
be responsible for peer cour.seling 
and serve as a feedback system to 
career Plarming so that I know 
what the students are interested 
in." 

McCarty expects to begin the 
framwork for UCSD's AED 
chapter in mid·November after 
meeting with the AED national 
director in early November. 

liIe portends a bright future for 
the pre-med fraternity here at 
ua;D because "Highly motivated 
students would become involved, 

FRIEDMAN & FENDElMAN 
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 
1224 Prospect St I Suite A, La Jolla 

(n4) 454-9091 
The follOWing fees do not Include cou,t lOst. costs for servICe of 
papers and olher such com: 

Initial consultation .................. $15 
Divorce 
-Uncontested .............. $225 
-With property settlement (min) ........ $350 

Drug bust (first offense, possession ) ........... $800 
Uncontested tenant eviction .......... $200 
Personal injury contingency basis 
Othl'~ 1~IlJI , prv'CI" available at rea\onabll' pm.-. 

• hl}('n· ..... «('(j (lv.1 dnd "",,,nalln.1 .lIorn~y ava.lablp 14 hOll" 
• RI'M"t"""d palpnt ,.nt:! l,oId.mark ,p.'coah.t ."ml"hl-

• 
• Look ror a special insert in· 

this Wednesday's Triton: 
Times. It's called Insider,: 
and i sponsored by Ihe Ford. 
Motor Company. Insider: 
focuses on physical fitness in: 

• thi s nrst of a series of Ford. 
supplements. Some of the: 
topics covered in the issue: 
include " . was a 49·Pound. 
Weakling," "The Diet: 
Connection ," and " Feeling: 
Good." These articles. 
discuss personal exercise: 
programs, nutrifton and· 
weil(ht cOII.trol, and mind/ = 
body awareness. : 
••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Book eMly so you won" be disappointed . 
Phone 459·0844 781 <; Ivanhoe Ave . 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• I Bring this coupon I 

= 99tLUNCH = 
II Two slices of Pepperoni II 
I Pizza and Salad I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I ~ I 
I I 

La Paloma and KPRI I I 
bri'lg you the exclusive I I 
San Diego premiere of I I 
THE I I 

. Gl:l }\~, I':l"Ul ~ '11 II ,'~ - _ We don't cut corners. 
R: Df~A1? The = La Jolla = 1!. " ':'--".. Groteft~ = 912~~I~:;1~~JOSt. = L'· . ,t Experience Clairemont Mission Beach I ~ " ~ ... . ,'"<;, •• ~~~ = 5583Clair~:s-~~!2~e a Blvd. 7141':t.~r PI I 
<.' :A. ~ '~' whot they-ore I I 

.,;,. ~t~:: I Ocean Beach Stolte •• 
"IN 50 YEARS WHEN PEOPLE WANT I 5001 Newport Ave 5119 College Ave • 
TO KNOW WHAT A ROCK CONCERT WAS I 1222.17nJ 1583·36'6J 
LIKE, THEY'LL REFER TO THIS MOYIE" I • 

t-_____ ..!!:Th~.Y~'II.~R'.'-!VO~'c~. -I I EI Cajon Escondido . 
I 583 .-.rth 2nd SI 171' Ea~t Valley Pkwy I Showtlmes : Weekdays. 7 & I 144C).73231 1741.77I18J . 

9 :40; weekends, 1:30 & 4 : 15. 
I Carlsbad Coming soon I 

La Paloma 
1st & D Streets In Encinitas 
436·SHOW • 436·7788 

I 2504 fl ramino Real University Towne Centre • I 11 29·9271 J I 
• . Offer expires Oct 23, 1977 • ~ ............. ~ ........ ~ 

The Navy Officer Information Team 
Will Be Discussing Management and 

Professional Opportunities in the Navy 

Immediate & Delayed Entry In Following Fields . 
-Business 
·Engineering 
-Aviation 
-Air Intelligence 
-Aviation Engineering Maintenance 
- Nuclear Propuls ion (Managers, Instructors, 
Research and Design Engineers) 
-Medical 
-Nursing 

U.S. Citizen, 19-29 Years of age; College juniors, seniors, and graduates; 
all majors considered; $ 11,500 To Start 

THE NAVY INFORMATION TEAM 
FOR OFFICER PROGRAMS 

AT THE UC RIVERS lDE "COMMONS" 
OCT 17-18, IOA.M. - 2 P.M., 

AND AT THE CSSB STUDENT UNION 
OCT20 lO AM -2 PM 

OR CALt. COLLECT 
LT MATT BOOTH (714) 293·6444 

AGE RESTRI CTIONS REQUIRED BY FEDERAL LAW 
96-202·I IB 



..... 

~ 
Abortion question 
of political nature 

Is abortion the right of a woman or a crime against the unborn? This is 
an impoasible question to answer morally, since one side ilmores the 
existence of the mother and Ute OUter side ignores the existence of the 
fetus. The question can be answered politically and therefore it is the 

politicalareDa where the baWelines have been drawn. 
Pro-life advocates believe they have the right to put their morals into 

our laws. This makes as much sense as making intercourse outside of 
marriage illegal beca use cert1an groups believe it to be immoral. A large 

s~roup of hte pro-lifers also believe that contraception is immoral. 
Should this also be made illegal to satisfy their moral standards? I am not 
a mad keller as some would like to believe. anymore than any other 
people who believe in the right to choose are. Most prCM:hoice advocates 
find abortion an unpleasant but necessary alternative because of the 
structure of the structure 01 the present society. Contraceptive devices 
are not always effective and those that would be (ie male contraceptives) 
are not marketed. In this state a man has absolute sexual rights over his 
wife or girlfriend (rape convictions concerning husband or bOyfnenCl are 
not legally possible) and he may not wish to use contraceptives. In what 
the legal profession would finally conceed to be a rape or incest case there 
is no contraception. Therefore unwanted pregnancy can not always be 
avoided. 

In this society neither morals or laws can hold the male involved to his 
responsibilities. Paternity suits are rarely won. If the male leaves town 

or is a minor, the courts often are reluctant or refuse to prosecute. This 
puts the decision of abortion versus delivery or a child entirely upon the 
woman. This is why the choice must be the woman's and not the society's. 
The decision to abort is not an easy one. It can leave an emotional scar as 
deep as a rape would. It is the final option when no others are feasable. 
When the alternatives are misery, severe mental health problems, and 
possible death for both the mother and child during and after pregnancy. 

Even if abortion is illegal, it does not stop it. Witness Italy, a Catholic 
country with laws outlawing abortion, making it both illegal and immoral 
for the women in that country ot recieve abortions. In 1974 the Italian 
Ministry of Health estimated that there were 500,000 abortions annually 
.in their country. Other estimates went as high as 3 million, in a country 
with only 55 million people. The questioin is no longer; should women be 
allowed abortions? The queStion is; will women recieve safe abortions 
rather than riskinll: hteir lives with some butcher doing a coathanger 
abortion? In 1961 there were 320 lmown abortion related deaths 
numbered 47, with 16 be1ng attributed to illegal abortions (this is because 
then, and now because or recent decisions of congress and the pr~sident, 
poor women chould not afford safe abortions). That puts the death rate at 
0.03 per 1000 for safe abortions as compared to 0.15 per 1000 for safe 
deliveries. The mental health or women who have had legal abortions is 
better than the averages of the mental health of woman who have had to 
obtain illegal abortions. While the decision to abort can be a painful one, 
after the abortion mental recovery is better than even sucessful 
deliveries. There are 0.3 per 1000 post·abortion cases of psychoses as 
compared to 2 per 1000 cases of psyc!)oses associated with normal 
deliveries. 

We have no right ot tell a woman what to do. As a person and a member 
of this society I can offer advice, but I have no right to enforce my advice. 
The decision on whetehr or not to have a child will always be the 
women's, irrelevant of present legal or moral standards. Thus as a 
society, our only choice is to try and make the decision a safe one, both 
physically and mentally. 

JOHN R. VEREGGE 

Open Letter 
Student power erodes 
In)agine the following: Student political groups are to be abolished· 

student religious gr~ups denied funds; bike and other student co-o~ 
on. the verge of bemg shut down; telephone tieline privileges ter-
mmate:d ; st~dents forced to pay for utilities previously paid for by the 

Admi~lstratJon; Student Center fees raised without consulting the 
~oclated. stll'i~ts of UCSD: This scenario of eroding student power 
15 real and 15 hc:ppmg now. 

This week, U.eltJC Administrationhandeddown a ruling effective as 
of th~ ~inter Quart~r, which would destroy religio~s affiliated 
orgamzahons by denymg funds to them. This is yet another in a series 
of A~trative edicts which aim to weaken and' control student 

expr~lOlI: on thp campus. Th~ far the UC Administration has or. 
dered tie-hne ~rvices ~emoved as of December. 1971: Furthermore, 
the students are now bemg forced to pay for all utilities in the Student 

Cent~r. servi~3 which ~ the past have been provided for by the UC 
Admini~trahOl .. In addltio~, the status of on-campus co-ops remains 
uncerlam. Thi1. 1. best manifested by the bike co-op controversy which 
surfaced last s,:uing. 
. . But the mOlJt recent and crippling blow came this week. Under 

d~t orders from the UC Administration's General Counsel, 
Assistant Vice-O'Jancellor of student Affairs Tom Brown has ruled 
that those student organization generally' viewed as "religious" would 
be denied funding, office space, or any other support as of next 
quarter. The implications of this decision are clear: any organizations 
providing cultural, ethnic, or political services with the slightest hint 
~ religious overtones, whether these overtones are real or not will be 
disbanded. The definition of "religious organization" a subjective and 
important decision, is in the hands of administra~. 

Th~ AS is particularly concerned that this violation of student ex:· 
pressIOn will not endhere.I'he precedent established wih this decision 

(Coatlaued OD .. ge 1% 1 

trito. times / ....,. 0eWter 17.1177 

The core of the issue 
Where freedom of choice ends 

The truth in the abortion Issue can be _ to He in 
both viewpoints, yet as in many confUcta the 
problems arise because of a lack of perceivtDg the 
core of the issue instead ~ itl many facets and 1m-

pll~ations. IndIviduala in many debates often focus on 
the idea of free choice as we realize this is an 

.~tial rI,ldlt to every human beirur. Then ! why' 
should our society deny these rights to h\Jlllldl life 
within the womb! 

aborted fetus sIIows it human to .the sympathetic eye, 
though those characteristics are often distorted by 
tile inhumane, often painful death 01 the fetus. 

For vario.. reasons wcmen may not want their 
baby. but that does not imply they need prevent its 
existence. Many people are lovingly awaiting the 
chance to adopt, 811 seen by the extensive waiting lists 
and pleas in various newpaper articles. 

Free choice is rightfully applied until it begins 
affecting the free will of other human lifestreams, 
seen or unseen. By denying another's existence one is 
effectively denying oneself the similiar right. It is 
true that a woman has control or her babv's life, and 
by the choices of the fl·ee will detennines its fate but 
that does not necessarily make that choice a ript 
one. The right to act and right choice are not tran-
sferable. Everyone has the free will to, say, wish to 
end the life of a child already born, but that shouldn't 
make it lawful. 

Life is known to begin at conception. Although a 
baby may lie unseen, the survival of premature 
babies shows they are human, with a few minutes 
time and a different environment the only real dif-
ference between the born and unborn baby. 
Examination of the phYSical characteristics of an 

Many reason are often cited for the justification of 
abortion: overpopulation (despite the amount of 
untouched land throughout the planet), child abuse, 
starvation, psychological problems, retardation and 
other birth defects, on and on. Yet nothing gives the 
right of one human being .to determine the fate 01 
another, to decide if It is best for someone to live or 
die, because of any preconceived conditions. Ask any 
deformed person or adopted individual if he would 
rather have been killed. U the answer isn't obvious 
before the question is posed the fact that they haven't 
taken their own life should make it so. As one arli.cle 
in Monday's (10/10m) Triton put it, "let's try lind 
change the way people.are treated". The amwers to 
life's difficulties lie in solving those problems at the 
core, not to eUminate life. 

MICHAEL McNEIL 

Are students unaware of the 
goings on in the government? 

When President Carter took 
office, one of his major emphases 
was that other countries give their 
citizens the basic hwnan rights 
necessary for people to survive. 
But what he failed to do was to 
make sure that his own country 
gave its people their basic hwnan 
rights. . 

When ASUCSD President Jeff 
Leifer took office his major em-
phasis was to have a responsible 
goverrunent. But he also failed to 
make sure that the government 
was responsible to its constituents. 

control of the ASUaiD. So without 
an election or conference with the 
members of the student center 
board, Mark Sindler and the elite 
of the ASUCSD have adopted a new 
charter for the student center. 

Now If one were to ask the upper 
echelon why this was done, one 
might hear: 1) there aren't any 
election: 2) an election is too time 
consuming : and/or 3) the students 
don't care- anyway. What Mark 
Sindler and cohorts might fail to 
state is that: I) he allocated the 
funds for any special election 2) he 
would probably try to deliberately 

When making accusations one stall any type of election that would 
must present specific charges, so try to defuse any of the power he 
that if one feels inclined to answer wanted to gain; and 3) that no type 
them one can ~o so. Let's start with of survey was taken to indicate 
the ASUCSD m the student center that student apathy existed in this 
so that it can create its own litUe matter specially since the new 
elite clique of students with private . ch~ was constructed during the 
offices. sununermontbs. ' 

And what about the budget 
aHoted by the ASUCSD for 
telephones? It totals more than the 
combined budgets of all the 
minority student organizatioll8 at 
UCSD. Are these the actions of a 
responsible government? But let 
me continue as I might have a few 
more tidbits which may help you 
come toa conclusion. This sununer 
Leifer was out of the San Diego 
area. Well , for those 01 you who 
are interested in how their money 
is spent,Leifer was then flown here 
to attend , now get this, a UCSD 
party. There is money alloted in 
the ASUCSD budget for other such 
"major" trips. 

In an attempt to show the 
students who have shown some 
interest is what the AS government 
is doing, make mention of the fact 
they have had to hire one clerk and 
two secretaries to handle the 
overwhelming amount of paper· 
work that this AS government 
expects to have. TIley then throw a 
tantrum with Howard Hunt, Acting 
Vice Olancellor becalL'Je their 
secretary bas to use the outer 
office instead of having her own 
private office. Don' you just feel 
for their dilemma. But you must 
remember you have a responsible 
government that care about 
student needs. Now let me discUss 
the ASUCSD list of priorities. 
There have been more discWlSion 
this summer on the cost of 
xeroxing and on who, within the 
ASUaiD clique, will attend the 

Olancellor's cocktail party for 
students, then there have been 
ASUaiD council members present 
to constitute a functioning quorum. 

Let me not forget the· nepotism 
and favoritism that have been 
illWitrated within this supposed 
functiOning government. I could 
discllll8 the girlfriend of a certain 
President who was hired this 
summer by the AS, who for some 
unknown reason was invited to the 
Otancellor's cocktail party. And 
let me not forget that on the Vice 
Chancellor's students search 
committee. First the AS 
manipulated Howard Hunt to add 
two AS representatives to the 
committee. Well, of course. one 
was Jeff Leifer and the other was 
Andrew Schnieder. Nothlng,right? 
Well, one of the members of the 
search committee was Pete 
Schnieder. Does the AS have two 
votes or three? 

My major motivation in writing 
this column is not to criticize the 
student body nor the participants 
withing the government has 
recognize. As with the United 
states government, the ASUCSD 
needs a regulatory agency, 
composed of students outside the 
clique. There is also a need for 
more involvement by the general 
student body. TIle mandating of a 
student government is not to have 
excessive exPenditures on per-
sonal or hieracberial needs, but to 
first, access stadea& needs, second 
to detennine ways of fulfilling 
student need, and third to make 
these programs funtional. And the 
student body needs to make sure 
these funcitons are carried out. 

SEDONIA alARLOT 

But don't attribute such a 
responsible government to only our 
President. Let me add to the list of 
power hungry tyrants our dear, 
sweet Vice-president Mark Sin-
dler. He has taken it ~pon himself ('-----------------------..., 
to decide that the student center tn-'ton 11-me. s board needs to be under the direct 

The Triton Times Is published by UCSD .• 
student. 8. the official student 
newspaper. Publication Is on Mondays . 
Wednesday. and Friday. during the 
regula , school year (except on official 
holiday.) . Editorial and business offices 
are located in the Student Center at the 
Unl.ersity of Callfomla. San Diego. For 
edil~lal . cali 452·30466: for business and 
display ed""rtlslng. calf 452-3468 . 

Letter. to the editor and opinion 
column .... welcomed. All submission. 
musl be typed and double-spaced on • 
7+.pace lin • . The ShOuld not .Mceed 1· 
1/2 pag .. ln length. 

Submitted materl.1 muat bear the 
name and atudent Identification number 
of the authOr. Names can be withheld 
Irom publication on .-quest; however the 
names will be held on file 10' publiC 
inspection. 

The Triton Time. res_. the 'Ight to 
edit submlaslons bee..... of SPICe 
IImn.tlons or .ty" ,.qulremente. 

Entire cont ... t. c:opyrlght 1977 th. 
Triton Times. 

UC San ~iego 
Volume 3%, Number 11 Monday, October 17, 1977 

Alan Russell 
Editor 

RanAnbar Laura Richter 
Managing Editor New. Editor 

UuWolpe Andy Sthnelder Assistant Managing Editor Assletant New. Editor 
Kitty Roblneon Reed Alpert Copy Editor A.sletant News Editor 
Richard Yokum 

Photo Editor Tim MacKenzie Arts Editor 
Shauna Stokee Steve Gould 

Advert .. l ... Manager Sports Editor 

-

M....,. Odaber 17. 1177 triton times 

Rape isn't funny 

PageS 

Rights tor handicapped 
(CPS)-Last June, civil rights for Welfare (HEW ) supported public 
handicapped Americans became and private institutions are now 
more or a reality. Even though required to make their programs 
since 1973, discrimination on the and facilities accessible to disabled 
basis of disability had been for- people and cannot discriminate 
ISidden, two administrations have against them in employment 
failed to draft specifiC regulations practices. Particularly affected 
for implementation of the are schools and universities which 
Vocational Rehabilitation Act. must ensure full educational opo 

Finally, in June of this year, portllnities for disabled students. 
nudged by a 26-daj' !it-in by College and university ad-
disabled demonstrators in San ministrators are quick to praise 
Francisco and similar dsmon· the intent of the new legislation, 
strations in other key cities, but many are concerned and upset 
difinitive rel(ulations were signed about the responsibilities of 
into law. All Health , Education and carrying out the intent. 

Cartoon labeled narrow-minded 
To Stephen Slrub1nna and those 

who laugh at such cartoons as the 
"Rape Whistle" cartoon in Wed-
nesday's (12 October) Triton 
TImes: 

I cannot believe that in a 
university envlroment where we as 
students are supposed to be open 
minded and progressive that there 
are people around with such ar-
chaic views to actually believe that 
a violent crime such as rape is 
something to be joked about. 
Obviously women are not to be 
taken seriously in their desires for 
a free and open environment. 
Because if you think that women 
are being overly paranoid, think 
about this! 

You want to go to Central 
Ubrary to study at 8 pm and wish 
to return at 10 pm. Knowing that 
walking there alone from the 

dorms could bring on an attack by 
a rapist you encourage people to 
accompany you. (As a man, you 
won't have to do such things). No 
one wants to go, so you end llP 
going alone. The entire way, you 
are sensitive to all noises, people, 
and dark places, as you know that 
a rape could occure anytime at 
anyplace. 

This means that you cannot 
really enjoy the walk, the wann 
evenings, stars, trees and lawns as 
one that has nothing to fear does. I 
don't want my life to be'restricted 
in such a manner and I do not think 
it's right to tell a person (overtly or 
covert) they they can or caMot go 
somewhere or do something. 

My anger at this cartoon has 
turned into sadness. My sadness is 
not at the drawings, they are only a 
childish and threatened attack 

Unborn child is alive 
Deborah Cohan and Pat Davis, 

'IT, Oct. 10. try all the usual 
unrelated arguments of the pro-
abortion advocates to put up a 
&noke screen and ignore the real 
lsflue .... Is the unborn child a living 
human being from conception, and 
does anyone have the right to kill 
her or him? 

No intellectually honest 
physician or scientist in. full 
command of modern medical and 
scientific knowledge would dare 
deny tha.t human life begins at 
conception is a progressive, 
ongoing continuum until death. I 
challenge the pro-abortionists to 
cite any authority in medicine or 
biology who refute this concept. 
Even when a local obstetrician-
gynecol~ist, who states herself 
that she is an "abortionist". was 
asked during a panel discussion, 
"Is the fetus a living human being 
from the moment of conception?" 
her answer was, "Of course it is." 

(She then justifies killing by 
abortion by saying it is "so won· 
derful to deliver just wanted 
babies". Why then can't we kill all 
"unwanted" of alla~es?) 

The repeated argwnent ad-
vanced for killing this living 
human being is ....... It·s a woman's 
choice". Ms . Cohan went so far as 
to state, "Freedom or choice, not 
whether abortion is right or wrong, 
is the main issue here." Of course 
this "beautiful, magical gift of free 
choice", (as she cailed it), then 
need not be limited to just abortion. 
Why not... .. "Freedom of choice, 
not whether raping, murdering, 
lying, cheating, stealing, are right 
or wrong, is the main issue here?" 

Women's rights like all other 
rights, have limitations and 
responsibilities. The tsking of an 
innocent human lif goes beyond 
that limit. Unborn women have 
rights too! PEGGY PATI'ON 

Lettuce 
WIne & 

Dine 
\but 

FIIh and fowl and meats and vegetablee and1ru1ts 
and wineland brHd. You·r. going to I"'. the Spice 
Rack, a garden restaurantl 

MI .. ion BIYd. Near Grand. Pecltlc Beach I am-2:30 P"I and 5 pm-I 0 pm 

upon women who have taken their 
lives into their own han~ and are 
refusing to take this kind of shit 
any longer. My sadness is. instead, 
at the demented attitude of the 
society we live in that sees fit to 
oppress people of viewpoints 
differing from the "norm" be it on 
sexual, politcal, racial, religious or 
cultural lines. And, I feel sorry for 
you, as the "artist," because your 
narrow mind is going to strangle 
you one day. 

J.E. BRECHA 

.~ 

PRECISION CUnlNG 
SKINCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A complete Redken Salon 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
. Right by La Jolla Village Inn 

455-0680 
10% DISCOUNT 

ON SERVICES 
c. wlih :>tudenl or Faculty 10 

~ Q( JJ.~ 8,lng this ad as coupon . '" • 4 ~ , 

UC San Diego 

Mandeville Lectures 
'77 - '78 

JULIAN 
BOND 

"What's New 
for America" 

Oct. 19, 7:30pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Students: $2.00 
General Admission: $3.00 

Tickets: 
UCSD Box Office 

452-4559 

" INC 0" IR"S •• AHHfUSf" I USCM INC. S r lOUI! 

WHEN DO ENGLISH M~S 
, . SAY BUDWEISER.f 



PIlle I triton time8 triton timeR Page 7 

'monday 
........ - WRITING CUNIC - Help with course papers. For appointment call 462-2522. Held 

at 1254H-L. Free. 
ll8m-lpm - Women's Support Group: A free-flowing group, dealing with whatever par-

ticipants briDg to deal with. Personal sharing about achievement, love, anger, hope, disas>-
po~t, more hope. Sharon Young, facilitator. Call ex. 3987 to sign up. Warren College Rec 
Center. 

1Z-1pm -CondItioning, Wrestling Room. 
lZ-4 pm aDd M pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, USB. For 

further Infonnation call x3760. 
lZ-4 pm _d M pm - OASIS Clinic Help -Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 4010, USB. 

For further infonnation call x3760. 
U pm - Table Tennis, Rec. Cont. Room. 
U pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
... pm alMll:"':. pm -Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
4:3f.I:.pm-HorsebackRiding, La Jolla Farms. 
5pm-llandball-Racquetball, Rec. Cont. Room. 
5:31-7 pm - Belly Dance. North Balcony. 
7 pm - Ski Clothing Fashion Show. Tonight there will be a live show of this years flashy 

clothing. HSS 1330. 
7 pm - ChristIan Science Organization testimony and business meeting. All are welcome. 

Student Office, Argo Hall. 
7 pm - The How's and Why's of Graduate School. HL Auditorium. 
7-t pm - Aikido, Wrestling Room. 
7-tpm - Polo, APM 2313 
7-10pm - Sbaolin Fu, West Balcony. 
7:"':38 pm - Women and Careers : "Where She Leads We Wili Follow" lecture series held 

at the International Center. Sponsoring organization/department Warren College/Psych 
Services. 

8 pm - Movie: The Thin Man, Student Center, Bldg. C. 
8-11pm-IsraeliFolkDance, Rec. Conf. Room. 

tuesday 
9am-Spm - WRITING CUNIC - Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. Held 

at 1254 H-L. Free. 
12 oooD-12: 45 pm - Bible Prayer Group, sponsored by UCSD Catholic Community. Coffee Hut 

-outside. Free. 
Noon-I pm - H.E.L.P. - Dealing with Stress. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
Noon -lpm - Contraceptive Education Session : Informational discussion ; all must attend to 

receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located in conference room at Student Health 
Center. 452-2669. . 

12-lpm - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12-4 pm aod 1-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, USB. For 

further information cal x3760. 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 4010, USB. 

Forfurther information caU x3670. 
12:36-2 pm - Sex Clinic . For students desiring information or counseling about sexual con-

cerns. Hugh Pates, Ph.D. and Beverly Battenburg, facilitators. Call ex. 3755 or ex. 3490 to sign 
up. Revelle Counseling Office. 

1 pm, 2 pm & 3 pm - OASIS Study Skills Session 113 - "Getting the Most Out of Lectures- Some 
Tips on Taking Notes and Studying Notes". Bldg. "B", 1st floor, Multipurpose Room, Student 
Center Complex. 

2-4 pm - Job Hunting Tactics - a workshop where you'U learn the fundamental of the job hunt, 
including resume-writing and job interview. Vice Chancellor Conference Room, Student 
Center, Bldg. "B". 

2-4 pm - Muir Studen~ : "What Can Your Major Do For You?" Career advising at Muir for 
Physical and Engineermg &ciences. Appointments made in Dean's Office HSS 2125 or call 
x3587. Muir Apt. Lounge. Free. 

3 pm - Third College Program Board meeting. All Third College students welcome to attend. 
Apt. C-2, Third College Townhouse Apts. 

4 pm - UCSD Amateur Radio Oub - Important meeting for aU members and any new 
members. 2nd F1oor, Bldg. "A", Student Center. 

4-6 pm - Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
4: 30 pm - Neurosciences Department Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Allen I. Seleverston, Associate 

Professor of Biology, UCSD. Topic : "Pattern Generation in Small Neural Networks". 2100 
Basic Science Bldg . 

5-5:45pm-Judo, Wrestling Room.; 
5-6 pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
Ii pm - Warren College Cabinet Meeting. Warren Campus, 405A. 
6 pm - Circle K would like to present confessions of RICHARD MILLHOUSE NIXON. Yes we 

would, but unfortunately we have instead Fred P. Nerfelbaum III , quantum mechanics, to 
speak about quoks, quirks, and quacks. North Conference Building. 

6-7:30 pm -Outing, Rec. Conf. Room. 

The beauty ... 

What's On 0 17-10 23 
A Weekly Guide 

1:30 pm - Union of Jewish Students planning meeting. Student Organization Conteren~ 
Room. 

6:31pm - UCSD Outing Club weekJymeeting. Rec. Gym Conference Room. 
7 pm - Law, Business and Public Administration HL Auditorium. 
7 pm - Soaring, Argo Hall - first floor. 
7-9 pm - Experiment in Community-For students, staff and faculty desiring to participate in 

forming a community offering continuity of relationships. Sharon Young, Ph.D. and Rob 
Mashman, Ph.D. facilitators. Call ex. 3987 to sign up. Warren College Rec Center. 

7:38 pm - Dr. A. Ngubo, Sociology Dept. will speak on South Africa. Everyone welcome. 
International Center. 

7: 30 pm - Trident Ouistian Fellowship meeting. Revelle Fonnal Lounge. 
7: 31 pm - Catholic Student Union Meeting. East Conference Room, Student Center. 
lIpm-llpm - The Organic Theatre Company in "The Sirens of Titan". Their adaptation of 

Jurt Vonnegut's novel is certainly for everyone and it's not only fun, it's hilarious. Mandeville 
Center Auditorium. UCSDstudents: $3, General:~. 

wednesday 

Campus Events 
I pm - Meeting of AASA (Asian American Student Alliance) meeting to discuss Saturday 

and other interesting future eve~s. Picnic? Ice skating? 4th Floor Blake Hall, Revelle 
t:;aITlpUS. 

- Christian Fellowship Dinner, (5Oc) and discussion. University Community Church, 
La Jolla Shores Drive. 

pm - EAB meeting - anyone Interested <aoo even those who aren't) this is your chance. 
a friend. Blake Hall, 4th floor lounge. 

6:30-10 pm -H.E.L.P. CPR Training Program (sig~up required). HSs 1305. 
6:30 pm - Organizational meeting of SSAS for upcoming year. Pre-meds interested in for-

a mutually supportive coalition are welcome. East Conference Room, Student Center. 
- Women's Rap Group - This week's tentative topic is, "Is There Life Without A 
, All women welcome! Women's Center, Student Center Complex. 

7·9pm-Alkldo, Wrestling Room. 
7·9pm -Surf, Rec. Cont. Room Surf film & membership sign-up 
7-10pm-ShaolinFu, West Balcony. 
7 pm aDd ':15 pm - UC Sao Diego Extension - "Bob Chatterton & the Movies," first Wed-

evening performance offour hosted by a noted film collector, historian, and filmmaker. 
is An Evening with Laurel and Hardy. Held at Unicorn Theatre, 7456 La Jolla 

,La Jolla. Fee: $8 for the series. At the Theatre: $3 singles; $12 for the series. 
30 pm - "Frelimo!" TIle Victorious Mozambique Revolution in two powerful documen-

: " A Luta Continua" and "0 Povo Organizado". TLH 107. Free. 
9am-5pm - WRITING CLINIC - Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. Held 7:30 pm-ll pm _ Lecture : Julian Bond. Mandeville Center Auditorium. UCSD Students: $2, 
at 1254l{-L. Free. _ 'on"r", . $3. 

11:30 am-l:31 pm - V!llunteer Fair - agencies will be on hand to provide information on ways 7:l0 pm -Showing of Olivier's production of Shakespeare's Henry V. HSS-1330. Free. 
you can test your car~r interests by vohmteering in San Diego community. Revelle Plaza. 8 pm _ UCSD-ACLU. Setting up publicity of "Oockwork Orange". Discussion on Student 

12 noon - AMES 205, Seminar No. 4, Film Series. FUm "Flow Visualization". 7104 Urey Hall. Board. East Conference Room, Student Center. 
Free. pm - Meeting of UCSD German Club. Guest speaker will be Christoph Buch, Visiting 

12-1 pm - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. of Germany. Beagle Apt., Revelle. . 
Nooo-1 pm - Contraceptive Education Session: Informational discussion; all must attend to 

receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located in conference room at Student Health 
Center - 452-2669. 

Noon-l pm - Brown Bag Lunch Series - medical social work and occupational therapy. 
Student Center Complex, Bldg. B, Multipurpose Room. 

12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, USB. For 
further information call x3760. 

12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 4010, USB. 
For further information call x3760. 

1 pm - 2 pm - Health Sciences Field Trip - meet a Chiropractor. East Conference Room, 
Student Center. 

2-4 pm - Social Science aoo Fine Arts Students: "What Can Your Major Do For You?" 
Career advising for Muir students. Appointments made in Dean's Office HSS 2125 or call x3587. 
Muir Apt. Lounge. Free. 

3-6 pm -Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
3:30 pm - Physical Oceanography Seminar. Speaker: Carl Gibson, Associate Professor, 

AM ES/SIO. Subject: Measurements of Oceanic Microprocesses by a Towed Profiling 
System". IGPP Conference Room. Free. 

4-5 pm - Health Science Peer Counseling Orientation. Multipurpose Room, Bldg. "B", 
Student Center Complex. 

4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony . 
4-6 pm and 6:30-8:30 pm -Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
5-8 pm -Jazz, North Balcony. 
5pm -Gathering. 

K. Wally Koalumn 

Wouldn't you know it, Black's Beach is gone. Alas, it is a fa'r greater thing we lose 
personal freedorn ... this koalumn salutes the demise of the overall tan at UC San Diego. 
bear honor has been permanently violated. Now O.L. Matt will have to wear his clothes 
dinner at Muir. 

Somebody loves me, somebody loves me ... Il's obvious! Two questions came into the 
Times office this week. A person named Skeptical wrote in to ask, CiA recent article in the 
Diego Union written by Dr. Saltman, says that he surfs six foot waves as a fonn of 
templation? Is it true?" Dear Skeptical, I once saw Dr. Saltman cruising, but it was in 
Mercedes and not on a surf board. But, Dr. P. from Math 5A says only Euclid proves things 
contradiction. Who are we to question the integrity of a Vice Chancellor should be able to 
I'll walt with you at VG's until it gets glassy. Yo:: and I can set up surveillance teams at 
cliffs and swami's in search ofthe good doctor. 

Another note from the Baja Buffs asks " Last weekend a group of my friends aoo I went 
Baja . While visiting Ensenada we decided to see what makes HlIlSOng'sCantina so famous. 
soon discovered the answer to the question, but we left wondering what was the stuff all 
the floor?" You know it could be a combination of and , bu.t then again we can't print that 

I don't wantthe Haja Buffs to goaway without an answer. If you have one, send itin. The best 
printable answer which arrives in the Triton Times before closing on Friday will win a fret 
bear T-shirt. (This contest is not open to the family or friends of the Baja Buffs.) 

It 's been a neat week. I just may come down out of the tree now the K.E. thinks that stude~ 
government is growing with a sense of consolidation ... oh, ecstasy is just around the co:i 
ner ... "happy days are here again, the trees are tall, my classes are dead again, who careS 
all that schools ' here again ... " (sometimes I wonder if people think that koalas wbO 
masquerade as bears are Just a IitUe bit bizzare.) 

ursday 
9 amoS pm - WRITING CUNIC - Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. 

at 1254 H-L. Free . 
10-11 am - Careers: Maxine Bqiley, Humanities, 302 W. C. 
12·1 pm - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12-4 pm aod 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and Physics tutQring in room 4070, USB. For 

.urlh,' r information call x3760. 
124 pm aDd 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Cbemistry tutoring in room 4010, USB. 

further information callx3760. 
pm and 3 pm - Third College : What Can Your Humanities or Social Science Major Do For 
, -The H&SS Career Advisor will discuss options. Call 452-4390 for an appoinbnent. 

3-5 - Assertion Training for Men and Women - A structured way of becoming more 
_ «prl';U" in your scholastic and personal lives. Counseling and Psychological Services staff. 

Hex. 3755 to sign up . 412 Warren Campus. 
4 pm - Calpirg Local Board Meeting. CalpirglKSDT office. 
4·5 pm - Anxiety Reduction Group-For studerits desiring to reduce stress or anxiety in test 

or social situations. Hugh Pates, facilitator . Revelle Counseling Office. Call ex. 3490 or 
sign up. 

what, I even got a love note this morning and I'm planning to steal away when nobody 
~)kin,g. "To: K. Wally Bear, K. Wally, I'd be delighted to take you from all this. Meet me 
a filfrnw at Big Mac's place and we'll go to Tahiti together ... or would yOl~ rather make it 

. Both are on the itinerary! (I hope my husband thinks you're as cute (yes, CUTE! ) as 
from Pat H. in Dave'soffJ.ce. 
maybe, cuddley yes, but cute. It's just to late I'd rather go with the Velvet Monarch to 
..I've been bribed away with charm, who'd ever want Australia . I hate attention. 

has assured me that kids are okay. But, I'll tell you I went over to that day care center 
still pulling bubble gum and oreo cookie creme out of my fur. A dandruff shampoo 

't even take it all out. Think of freeways when you fill out your day care needs 
F ssmlent survey. 
.llUeb,ody said the other day that new VC's at UCSD will have to come fully equipped in their 

clothes, not so says Big Mac-they are going to need their cowboy hats and pistols. 
week is my 21st birthday .. If not for love or a cruise to AustraUa, I just might come down 
the tree for a free drink ... I get awfully tired of eucalyptus juice. And what I'd 

like for my birthday (hint,hint), is to get Holly to name a Coffee Hut Sandwich in my 
VP Mark Sindler finally found my tree, he's been waiting down there for hours just 
that I will let him apologize. Not me ... rumor has it that now he has temporarily resigned 

to come up here into my tree to contemplate what to do next ... not on your life .. . the 
you know people will be arguing over which branch to sit on in my tree. They'll have 

memos back and forth by chipmunk ... Oh, please not me. Please AS take him back, take 
back. I concede no representation for the koallege on the Student Center Board. Help. 

K. WALLY BEAR 

NEIJ 1\1 THE c..OHE£ \'I UT ! 
--~=-- THE tWAlLY KLUB 
-....... - ....... 

4-6pm - Yoga , Adaptive Room. 
4-6 pm - Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
5 pm - Meeting of the Politjournal staff; accepting new members invited . HI. 2550, Poli Sci 

Conference Room. 
5-5:45 pm - Judo, Wrestling Room. 

~ pm - Karate, North Balcony . 
6-9 pm - Ballroom Dance, Bldg "c" -Stu Ctr. 
7 pm - Meeting of Pisolitic Uranites, UCSD's Geology Field Trip Club. East Conference 

Room, Student Center. 
7-10pm - Fencing. West Balcony. 
7:30 pm - Night at the Medical School- recommended for all students, especially frestunen, 

sophomores, interested in health care. Garren Auditorium, BSB. 
7:30 pm - The official UCSD French Club "Les Escargots" is having a meeting. Come meet 

Professor Alain Cohen (Lit. Dept. ) Everyone is welcome! Beagle Hall Apt. 
8 pm - "Our Christian Roots" Seminar, open to all. Topic : "Our Creedal Roots: Faith of Our 

Fathers ' t. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

friday 
9am-Spm - WRITING CUNIC - Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. Held 

at 1254H-L. Free . 
12 pm - Lecture by Charles W. Ferris, C.S.B., entitled "Reality : Matter or Mind ?" Spon-

sored by the Christian Science Organization. All are welcome. Blake Conference Room. 
12nooo - Commuter Board Meeting, 405A M.C. 
12 noon - Horseback Riding, Rec. Conf. Room. • 
12 0000-4 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, USB. For further 

information call x3760. 
12 11000-4 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 4010, USB. For 

further information call x3760. 
3-5 pm - General meeting. Organization of 9Ider/out-of-sync. students. Revelle Informal 

Lounge. 
3-6 pm -Table Tennis,Rec. Conf. Room. 
<l-6pm -Gymnastics, South Balcony. 

~pm -Karate, North Balcony. 
6:30 pm - Oneg Shabbat Potluck Dinner, Service. Eight o'clock Violin Performance by 

Soviet Virtuoso Vladimir Tsypin in Revelle Commons. Revelle Forma l and Informal Lounge. 
Free. . 

7and 9:30 pm - Movie: "The Exorcist". Mandeville Center . $1.25. 
8:30 pm-Midnight Dance. Bands is Pegasus Express. Muir Ca feteria. Free. 

saturday 
9 am - UCSD Grand Prix Bike Race . A 10.6 mile t1me trial open to all campus bikers with many 
prizes for those closest to their pre-race time prediction for our challenging 2-lap course. SIgn-
up in Rec Gym Office. Muir Field. 

S pm - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
8-12 pm - Warren College Harbor Cruise Aboard "Cabrillo" San Diego Harbor. 
9pm-lam - AASAIMECHA fund raising dance. "Boogie Night" is here, party hardy with the 

live music of "Seventh Wonder" . Revelle Cafeteria. UCSD Student with LD. $2.00, others $2.50. 
IOpm - Catholic Mass . University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

sunday 
8:30am -Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
10 am - Lutheran Worship Service, with Pastor John' Huber preaching. University-

Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
12:03 - Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
I pm - Center for Psychological Revolution presents audio-video accounts of interactions 

with individuals and groups. 1529 Hornblend St. , Pacific Beach. 273-4673. Free. 
2 pm - Jazz Club Session. An afternoon of traditional jazz with improvised sets and Cotton 

Mouth D'Arcy and his Jazz Vipers, recently returned from the Warsaw Festival. Bldg. " C", 
Student Center. Students: 75c, Musicans free. 

2-4 pm - "Ice Cream Social" Entertainment for the Family", an opportunity for the whole 
family to enjoy things "the way they used to be." An afternoon of stage entertainment geared 
to the Halloween season, and ice cream. Presented by US San Diego Extension. Mandeville 
Auditorium, UCSD. Adults , $4; children under 12, $3. 

5pm - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and PhysiCs tutoring in room 4070, USB. For further in-

forma tion call x3760. 
6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 4010, USB. For further 

information call x3760. 



.... 

Wendy Clarke's work expres .. her personal thoughts and feelings 

triton tinles MoIIday, ~r 17, 1177 

'Exhibit 0j)eIlS at Mandeville 
Video space. and time explored 
by DebbleSeb ....... 

staff Wrfln' 
"New perceptions come from 

shuffiin, sensations already 
familiar to III: our brains, our 
eyes, our DlIIICles, our movemeats 
change to fit our new knowledge of 
a dew space." Wendy Clarke 
describes the psychosomatic ex-
perience of discovering and ex-
ploring the video environments of 
her "Interactive Video" In-
stallation, which opened this week 
at Mandeville Gallery. 

Before continuing with any 
further aesthetic ruminations, I 
feel obliged to relate that this 
exhibit Is fun. But, because "fun" 
is aomething that can only be fully 
appreciated in its acting out, I 
eboose to coocentrate on a few of 
he many other less~vi0U8 ex-
periences and implicaitons 
provided by the show. 

"Interactive Video" is com-
prised of five closed~ircuit pieces, 
eacb of which invites the par-
ticipant to discover a different kind 
of video~vironment involving 

real time and Dve space. For many 
01 tile audienc:elparticipants, tbe 
pieces IeeDl to become cballenging 
athlettc 18m or tests 01 manual 
deJtlrity. For others, the ex-
perience seemed more like a 
theatrical production as each 
performer was drawn into the act. 

Clarke wants each person to 
"experience what video space feels 
like and how be or she funciotns 
witbin it." Some of the charac-
teristics of videospace 
eumimlned in the installation are 
reversal of mirror Images, kinetic 
two-dimensional representation, 
lellJ distortion and space 
foreshortening. "Hopscoteb," for 
eumple, is played between two 
monitors with playing fields on 
them. By juding the necessary 
moves according to the monitors, 
you become aware that video 
SJ*e Is much flstter or less three-
dimensional than real space. In 
"SeH-Portrait," each participant 
mlllt draw his own profile, which is 
desplayed on one monitor, onto a 
drawing pad, which hangs from his 

deflected 180 degrees . As you look 
ahead, you would see what's 
behind you. 

Also included as part of Clarke's 
installation are excerpts from her 
video journal, which she started 
keeping in 1972. "Several times a 
week I would record an entry and 
sit alone watching my image Oft the 
monitor. While looking at myself I 
would talk about what was ha~ 
pening in my life. The entries were 
about differentsubjects, (e.g.,) my 
love live, my work projects, my 
feelings. I used the video journal as 
a process whicb I could go througb 
and make myself grow and reach 
deeper levels. " . 

The excerpts from the journal 
transcend this therapeutic aspect 
described by Clarke when 
presented to an audience. 
"OIapter One" Is devoted to the 
subject of love. Many of the per-
sonal thougbtl and feelings she 
discusses are shared by us all. 
Perhaps one reason we are so 
alienated ls because we usually 
don't express these feelings. In 

FOR AN ADVANCED DEGREE IN 
A PROFESSION IN HIGH DEMAND Theellhlbltchallengesonl04Dkers newdimellieione and • .,.(; •. 
WHATEVER YOUR PRESENT FIELD ~1'C-"O-""'MMU'-'-""'''-N''-''ITY-'-'-'ft :!ito~~Th~ :~~eis ~=: ~~:~ :~~~;IIJ;a~:~~: ~~ 

nA~~ trying to draw by looking at a I've never been allowed to feel NEEDED:ANY ~ DEGREE 'BLOOD mirror image of your paper rather them." But feeling take. strength 
MOTIVATION·MATURITY· HIGH GPA ) BANIG th~~~~.P,~:;~,lf~d "Hand" :::; !:,;vJ!eocl:s!tnewi,:y.:y 

• 983 India " ; : involve other manual and per- feelings." 2tR : : 327 F Street ( ceptual puzzles dealing with Wendy Clarke has studied ~ PAYS DONORS ( videospace. I imagine that the painting and theatre and has been ( , same frustrations brougbt about working with video for the past five 
MS IN SYSTEMS RING t for Service ',~ :o~e:e g;n:;: e;:"~!~: r:~ari~~w~tZ~':f~bi~ 
MSIN INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING tl ~:;:5~~' ,~ planet Venus, where the thick WhItney Museum of Amerlcan Art, 

gases In the atmosphere create a Experiment V Film Festival in AT THE UNIVERSITY OFARIZON i~ __ ._ ..... ~~:!!~._ .. _ .. _J spatial dimension in whieb ll8bt is Knokke Heist, Belgium, Women's 
I NDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING IS A DISCIPLINE AC- ·r----------------, ~r:!rec::!:v~.;!= 
CESSI BLE TO GRADUATES Irl BOTH TECHNICAL AND , THE UCSD ' , also given workshops at UCLA, 
NON-TECHN ICAL AREAS. IT ttlAY BE LESS A CHANGE , CATHOLIC COMMUNITY , UFilmmaniVersikty ofF CodloradO, Young 
IN FIEL D FOR YOU THAN YOU THINK: FIND OUT~ ers oun ation, Antioch College and several other schools. 

EAR OUR STO RY, CONSIDER YO UR FUTURE AND THE , Invites you to a , "Interactive Video" will be at 
OB SITUATION, AND THE N DECIDE FOR YOURSELF: , DANCE AT MUIR CAFETERIA , UCSD IIIlW Oct. 23. It will then 

travel to the L.A. Institute of 
OR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE RETURN t U C Fri ., Oct. 21 t Contemporary Art and to Seattle's 
H E FOR M BEL 0 W TO: , 8:30 pm until midnight . , and/or Gallery. The Mandeville 

exhibit needs volunteers to help out 
R. DONA l. G. SCHULTZ, CHAIRMAN ,S D Band Is: PEGASUS EXPRESS , with the games daily. Gallery 

A..a-'--i free hours: Sunday through Friday, ' Y S T EMS ~ I N 0 US T R I ALE N GIN E E R I N G 0 E PT. l wu..."., on A noon to 5 pm and Wednesday from 
NIVERSI ry OF ARIZONA . - ---------------' 7-10 pm. 

_ ~ ~: ~ ~ ~ _ ~ ~ _ .. 8: ~ ~ ~ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ I~'·····-··-;;;~~~;;:-···;·;~·;;;;;;;;~ ·-··;~~·;;~-··-··I 
:~~~-ESS -!----------I I ADIISIIB DURIII OCTOBER I 
TEL EPHONE ____________ -I 
PRESENT MAJOR. __________ ~ 
GRADE POINT AVERAGE _______ --I 

-------------------------~------------

•• I ... .. ...... _ ... . .......... . • ....... " ..... ....... ..... .. ... . ... .... . 'Il.-. 

i ! 
! _ 'HOWS & WHYS OF GRADUATE SCHOOL' 'A Ni\lht ellhe Medlcel SchoO( ! 
l • Jean Fort . "'Ieinant to Dean of Oreduete Join In en In'",",nlw d lec ... eion with i 

Oct. n School. wiHdlecua, GRE. MAT. AlIPlfcatlon Oct . 20 UCSO Medlcll atudente .... d eteff. ~ ! 
7pm Proc-"r. . Admi .. 1on p<oe __ end 7:30pm adml .. ion end eppflc:8tfon P<>IIc'- Inc:t i 
HL Aud flnenciel ,u"",,". plua A<lvleore and Garren Aud. prOC"""'I. ! 

G,-'ete atudente wiN .upervl_ arnall at Med School 
group diacueelonl fOf Humanltlea . Fine 
An" Uf.. Sociel, .nc:t Phy,1caI Selenee 
mejOfe . _. 

11.1 

l1li 'Lew. lIualneeo.nd Public Admininretfon' Oct. 2. 
• Director of Adm .. eione 01 UCLA LAw 7 pm 

Oct. IB School . • repr ... nllve f,omtheedm ... fone . HLAud 
7 pm off ice o f USC Bu.w-. School. lind. PubNe 
HL Aud Aclmlnilt,nOr will hOlt an e wning deefing 

I
I w ilh the edml .. lon proc_ •••. • ducnlon. 

lob 0ppol1unil ... In the few. bu.l.-e .nd 
I public admin.trltlon fleldl . 

'H_h Science.' 
lee,n ebout 300 health .clene. 
,peelellntlon. . MHI w ith Peggy 
McCenhy, e UCSD HeelthSclenceAdYieor . 
Dr. P.ul Brwnner wi" lpeak on .. _tive 
heelth cer. .nc:t pereon. from o.ntiltry, 
lAboretory Technology. 8nc:t Nu_ Prec-
tlOnfng will cover tho .. flefc:le . 

L ........................ _ ....... _ .... _ ..... _ ...... _ ... ___ .... _ .............. _ ..... _ ......................................................... _ .. _ .................... . 

triton times 

"New wave rock" hits SD 
Surfer audience ready for punk? . 

by MIkel Too"'" manage to elicit an enthusiastic rendition of the classic "Pipeline" 
response from a small group of which they dedicated to "all you 
people, but mOlt of them appeared surfers"-and there definitely were 
to be memben of either the Hit- some there. 

(IOfmerly 
01 Greal 

459-1331 CHOP 
MEAT 

CHARLIES 
Neck. N.Y.) WEST 

Page' 

"New Wave Showcase: The Zeros, 
The Dils, The Hitmakers." Oct. a, 
1977, Fleet Reserve Association 
Club Nine. makers or the Zeros. San Diego The concert achieved its pur-rock fans are not noted for pose-some of the curious liked it, 

noticeable emotional outbursts and !lOme hated it, but they came 
they were true to form here, even (attendance was well over 3(0) and 
though the Oils, not noted for their that was the important thing . 
audience rapport, threw water and 

If you've never 
Charlles Burger, 
hamburger . 

had a Chop Meat 
you've Never had a 

Open B ....... I"I, Lunch.nd Dlnn .. 
8002 Girard Ave. at .~!!Ispe!:t , La Jolla , Ca. 92037 

n was a c~ous audien .. -e. New 
wave rock had not yet made a 
significant impression on the 
ml1'llcal wasteland of San Diego, so 
most of them dldo't know what to 
expect. Others obviously did, as 
evidenced by their ripped t~, 
safety pins and outrageous 
makeup. The semal composition 

w~ well-balanced and reasonably 
nonnal, the age range was llterally 
from six to smy. 

obscenities (and at one point their The B"""l. r ~D 
bess-player) at them. The Dilsalso UUK ~ 
played music (some seemed to 

Back to School Special 

The Hitmakers were fairlv 
easy for the crowd to accept, 
performing mostly covers of well-
known and obscure songs by some 

. very well-known groups (Beatles, 
Stones, KInks). But the Hitmakers 
bear uWe resemblance to the 
corner barband-vocalist Jeffry 
Scott lifted the non«iginals weD 
abov the level of the usual carbon 
copies; notable were an eltCellent 
"Satisfaction" and an im-
passioned, slowe<klown "Ticket to 
Ride." Having been together for 
only a couple months, the band was 
surprisingly tight; Josef Marc's 
superb drumming along with 
Scott's hyperkinetic "dancing" 
kept the set moving and the 
audience entertained. 

The Dils seemed to entertain 
very few in attendance. All three of 
the Dilstry to come off as genuine 
punks and San Diego apparently 
was not ready for that. They did 

contest that polnt-calls for 
"Yardbirds" and "Led Zep" were 
heard) which was as un-
compromising and unsubtle as 
their stage manner-three chords, 
one tune, almost unintelligible 
vocals. About the only lyrics that 
came through were the song titles 
and there were some good ones: "I 
Hate The Rich," "Got No Reason," 
"You're Not Blank (SO Baby We're 
Through)," "God's A Korean." 

The Zeros are a new wave group 
partially because of the tough 
attitude Inherent in their songs, but 
more because of their rock'n'roll 
spirit. like Tom Petty (of "&: the 
Heartbreakers" fame) they are 
classic unpretentious rockers 
whose music Is solid and at times 
almost astoundlng--Javier 
Escovedo is one fine sax-player. 
The band was fun to listen to and 
also fun to watch--basst.,t Hector, 
Penalosa, looking and acting very 
colUlervative in his suit and tie, 
contrasted nicely with guitarist 
Robert Lopez, who kept falllng to 
the stage and in general acted like 
a total madman. The big crowd-
pleaser was their heavy metal 

UCSD center presents 
experimental music 

The fact that °two West German psychiatrists have reported that 
"constant exposure to contemporary music produces strange side effects 
on its performers" has not dampened the spirits of the UCSD Center for 
Music Experiment (CME) . . 

On Oct. 26-30, the center will boldly proceed in hosting the 1977 Com-
puter Music Conference-a week-long event featuring a wide range of 
performances as well as lectures by some of the most eminent resear-
chers in the field. . 

One of the foremost talks will be a Studio Report on Thursday Oct. 'l:l, at 
2:30 pm, by Barry Lloyd Vercoe, assistant professor and director for 
experimental music at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 

Also, on Thursday noon in Mandeville Auditorium, UCSD faculty 
member Bert Turetzky will perfonn David Behnnan's "Solo for Bass and 
Melody Driven Electronics." The composer, who will himself coordinate 
the electronics, has studied with some of the most important con-
temporary composers including Piston, Stockhausen and Pousseur. He is 
also co-founder of the Sonic Arts Union-a group that has appeared widely 
in the US and Europe, presenting individual and collaborative music 
which utilizes simple or sophisticated electronics, photography, film and 

tbea~r. _ _ . I 
Jon Howard ApPleton, winner oJ Guggenheim and Fulbright· 

Fellowships, will also appear at 2 pm on Friday Oct. 28. Appleton has 
been faculty member alld director of the ~ergman Electronic Music 
Studio at Dartmouth since 1968 and in 1973 won second prize in the Con-
cours International de Musique Electroacoustique. His composition, " In 
Deserto':, is one of the highlights of the schedule. 

Another guest, David Rosenbloom, has done researcb in Toronto 
resulting in new methods of relating brain activity to investigation of 
aesthetics. 

Eaeb day of the five day conference features an ongoing Comupter Arts 
Exhibition in the Mandeville Recital Hall. The events taking place on 
Saturday, Oct. 30 will culminate in a full concert of performances with 
tape, at 8 pm in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

All events are free. For further details call UCSD Center for Music 
Experiment, 452-4383. 

. ................. . 

•• : Jlmm~·' :' : •• 
I· ~~§T124 '-(). I ., 

••• &'J(;'" .: U~~ ••• 
: ~~ ~ : 
• Your daytime • 
• Lunch Served Mlxologtet - • 
: 11:30.... Wanen HIggln. : 
• tol:OOp... .. ....... 10 .... : 
: Try Chef 0.-°. to I.... • 
• dally apedala Ahn,. pia,... • 
• .,...... Serwd ...... , ...... : 
: 15 PO" to lOp... .. .... ~ .• 
• PrJ' ........... 414-1111 • 
................ ~.~. 
. ~ .. 

• c;;;> 

• ••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

P~rb«kl 
EJCclusiv.ly IJbd~·-i:;~ ~~IiE5IIIE:IIl 

Thou ... ds .. . Of 
P..,.r~1 

Pl'I¥ioully owned 

All 1/2 price 
10c to S1.00 
or trldt 2 fOf 1 

et .. aics 
Best Sellin 
Romine .. 
Non.Fiction·......,li::iOd~lII.!~ 
Myltlril' 
Science Fiction 
... AII Cltegori .. 
I mported greeting cards, 
poncards, gift wrap and 
poslers. 

J "Mlrcel Schurman" excfusively . 
I . 

Open until 9 PM 
737 P .. rI·Suite 101 

(ntllt to the Soup Exch,,,,, I 
LI JoIll 454·9832 )~ 

Imple plrk'ng In reer ~ 

6.00 
By appointment only 
Expires Oct . 24, 1977 
All major credit cards accepted 
Please bring_ad 

Shampoo and cut 
With Cindy or Arnie 
(Blow dry/ styling or 
long hair slightly extra) 

The Hair Garden 
, •••••••••••••••••••••• 11 

Your Haircutting 
Place 
1250 Prospect 
McKellar Plaza 
La Jolla 
454·3077 
Mon-Fri : 9 am to 8 pm 
Sat : 9 am to 6 pm 
Sun : 10 am to 4 pm 

.... anllce ..... jn·La JoIla* 
Plan a day or evening at Ice Capades Chalet. It's fun for the young, the young-

LA JOLLA 

at-heart, for the whole family. And now you can do it in the all new 
University Towne Centre Ice Capades Chalet beginning October 12th. 

We've got a whole bunch of different ways to have fun on the 
ice. Ice skating lessons for al l ages, Ice-cotheque'M diSCO Ice 
dancing for teens and adults (you don't have to be very good, 

just will ing) and open pubhc skating hours 
most of the week. We've even got speCial 

programs for groups, ice rentals for team 
hockey or whatever, coffee get-togethers 

for women, ballet classes, speCial 
birthday party arrangements and 
group discounts. 

We're a division of the Interna-
tionalty famous Ice Capades. But yoo 
donl have to be an Olympic Star to 
have fun on the ice. Our Chalets 
are a nice place to meet nice people 
and get plenty of good, healthful 
exercise. 

'Come visrt us now dUring our 
Grand Opening celebration! 

And have an ice day. 

University Towne Centre 
4545 E-23 La Jolla Village Drive 

at Genesee 
452-9110 

ICf. CA9\DES 0IAl..ET 
A <lMsoon 01 fee Capa<leS. !roc . a Metrome<ll3 company 

Don't miss the ICE CAPADES SHOW 
at the San Diego Sports Arena 

beginning November 8 



.... 11 triton times MoadIIy, Odoller 17, 1m 

BusY. wee. 
Tr~ton$ top UNLV, Fresno State 

..,StewGciald 
s,.u EdIr.or 

With very few e~ona, most 
coaches nuld object to playing 
five pmes In any sport In only four 
days. UC San Diego waterpolo 
coach Russ Hafferkamp happelll 
to be one of those ex~onal 
coacbea. 

Puttq Into action his theory 
that bls team will Improve with 
more glIDes behind them,. Haf-
ferkamp'. squad played well In 
losing three of five games In just 
four days. 

TbreelaOae 
After defeatlrig Fresno State 

University In sudden death 
overtime, 9-3 on Saturday, Haf-
ferkamp pointed out he had his 
team play three games In one day 
"so they caa correct their mistakes 
right away Instead of waiting a few 
days." 

The theory is obvioU8ly working 
as evidence by the win against 
Fresno, one of the top teams in the 
Pacific Coast Athletic Conference. 

Trailing 6-2 at halftime, UCSD 
outscored FSU four to one in the 

third quarter to pull even. Both 
teams added a goal In the final 
eight minute stanza to send the 
game Into overtime sudden death. 

Dan Eby and Dan Crane each 
notched three goals while Frank 
Ebel added two. 

The Tritons opened the three 
game tournament style set with a 
9-4 setback at the hands« De Anza 
Junior College, one of the nation's 
top UC teams. 

ned two all at halftime, UCSD, 
u Hafferkamp noted, "just could 
:lot keep hold the Intensity 
maintained In the first half." Eby 
and Ebel each tallied twice In a 
game beset by problems caused 
with the shallow pool at San Diego 
stale's Aquatic Center. 

UC Santa Barbara scored in the 
last twenty seconds to edge UCSD, 
3-2 In the second game of the day. 
Goalie Bob AIei had ten saves, 
including one on a penalty throw. 
Ebel and Tom Jorgensen scored 
for the Tritons. 

At First? 
UC San Diego easily defeated the 

Immigration Law 
Daniel W. Henry 

Attorney at Law 
Associated with 
Law Offices of 

Otto F. Swanson 
Los Angeles 

625 Third Ave . 
Chula VIsta, CA 
(714) 425-0820 

737 Pearl, #201 
La Jolla, CA 

(714) 454·9446 
Se Habla Espanol 

Fala Portugues 

RECREATIONAL ATHLETICS 
presents 

THE UCSD 

GRAND PRIX 
SAT/OCT22 9 AM 

CO- SPONSORED BY 

muir field 
A TEN-MILE 
ROAD RACE 

OPEN TO ALL 
CAMPUS BIKERS 

PRIZES FOR: 
Finishers closest 

to predicted times ' 

Fastest finishers 
Lantern rouge 

and more! 

THE UCSD BIKE SHOP 

BIKE RACE 
SIGN- UP IN REC GYM OFFICE 

Univeslty of Nevada Las Vegas, is-
6 last Friday In the Natatorium. 
The game wu highlighted by the 
appearance of UNLV sophomore 
Von Kadlubek, believed to be the 
only female on a men's college 
waterpolo team In the United 
states. Kadlubek also scored one or 
the Rebels six goals off UCSI) 
back-up goalie Keith Copenhagen. 

Aiel had ten saves, including 
another penalty throw while five 
Tritons, including Eby, Crane and 
Mark Gordon (playing for the first 
time since he broke his nose laat 
weekend) had two goals each. 

TOlllhLou 
San Diego State held off a furious 

fourth period rally to down UCSD 
9-7 last Wednesday. Despite the 
setback, Hafferkamp extolled his 
team for an outstanding game. 
Alei, although he allowed nine 
goals, was again superb In the net, 
making saves under constant fire. 

TT Photo: Stan Hondll 
Unlv.,.lty of Nev .... La V .... IOphomore Von Kadlubek geta 
ready to attempt a .bot on goal In her t ...... 13-610" to UCSD la.t 
Friday. Kudlebek I. the only f.male on • men'. college .. aterpolo 
team In the nation. 

Soccer team downed 
Record 

With the two victories, UC San 
Diego's season record now stands 
at 7-5, with three of the losses 
coming on a combined total of just 
five goals. 

by Long Beach State 
by Staa RoDda 

Staff Writer 
Cal State Long Beach, aided by 

two fluke goals, edged UC San 

Diego, 3-2 in a vanity non-league 
soccer game Saturday afternoon. 
The Tritons dominated play, but 
were unable to 'capitalize on 
numerous advantages. 

This week in 
UCSDspOrts 

Flnt Half Scoring 
Long Beach opened the scoring 

in the first minute « the match 
when Jorge Beniquez took a 
headed pass and lofted a shot over 
Triton goalie Brian Healey. 

TUESDAY-

WEDNESDAY-

THURSDAY-
FRIDAY-
SATURDAY-

Women's Volleyball vs. Mesa JC 
Women's F.ield Hockey vs. SDSU 
Women's Volleyball vs. Point Lorna 
Men's Soceer at Point Loma 
Water Polo at Ambassador College 
Women's Volleyball vs. USIU 
Cross Country vs, Tijuana Tech 
Surfing vs. IC Irvine at Oceanside 
Waterpolo vs. Loyola 

4PM 
4PM 
4PM 

2:30PM 
4PM 
4PM 

11 AM 
BAM 
4PM 

Taking a pass from Greg Lyons, 
Dave Youngdale tied the game by 
dribbling through a crowd of 4ger 
defenders and kicking the ball Into 
the right side of the net. 

A missed offsldes call by 
headllnesman C.B. Williams led to 
the 4gers second goal. CSLB's 
Mark Oilldes was clearly offsldes 
when he took a long lead pass from 
a teammate, Chil.des was fouled by 
a UCSD defender, who 881umed 
play had been stopped. Williams 
assessed a yellow card on the foul 
and awarded a penalty kick. 

On the penalty shot Childes fired 
[Coatlaued oa page U] 

UCSD DRAMA DEPARTMENT 
PRESENTS 

A STUNNING THEATRICAL EVENT 

THE LOON'S RAGE 
a Musical Satire on Nuclear Power 

Joan Schlr1e e. loon, Pet .. Kora. CO~Oleln "T" Loon'. Reg.- by The o.Il'ArteCo ...... , 

A SPECIAL PRESENTATION 
BY THE 

OUTSTANDING DELL' ARTE COMPANY 
Saturday, October 22, 8:00 PM 

MandeviUe Auditorium 

UCSD THEATRE TICKET OFFICE 12:00-11:00 
STUDENTS '2.00 GENERAL '3.00 

....... y. OetHer 17,1JT7 . triton times Page 11 

TT clAssifiEds CHRISTIAN SCIENCE CAMPUS COUNSELORS help anyone seeking an un-derstanding of God's laws and 
how they can harmonize human 
experience. This Science is based 
on the Bible and Science and 
Health with Key to the Scriptures, 
by Mary Baker Eddy. Counselors 
at UCSD: Paul Hofflund and Anne 
Hofllund. 453-5217 . 

l ost gOld clip eerlng In TlH 1 r17 Blochem 
pl ..... cafl~2(10117) 

lost: Gold rtmmed gl ... 1 In U"'" cese. 
rewardl CalI27~789be1o"80rafl.4 :30 . 

LosI·urgent- 1 pair eye gl..... It. brown 
frame. - yellow floware<! cue. If found call 
481-0983 (10/18) 

lost. .tolen, Ot stray""one brown plaid 
couch; ana_ the name of R ... . If found 
pl_ retum to Challenger 100. 01 call 485-
57!18(10117) 

Lo.,: stopwatch. mo., llke'y on Muir, maybe 
gym or matth..... Call Becky, 27~22A6 
_Inga or ...... end (10/'") 

SCHOLARSHIPS: Math. Phyaa. Chemistry. 
Engm.nng and oUIer 8Cienc: • . Full tuillon, 
f_. plu.Sl00lmonth. Summer employment 
with opportunity for world I ...... . For mora 
In'or .... llon cell : ENS Gary Moore (7/4) m-
&144 (Collect) . (9111. 

XEROX cOplte special student dlscounll! 
With studenl body card 3c a copy no 
minimum " copy SlOP" 452-1805 11211 
Sorrenlo Valley Roed Suite (I 0128) 

FREE·h8'le f1ye record. profess lonaHy 
cleaned on our $2000 record c leaning 
machine. Brlno In Ihl. ad . G'OI)(I unlll Oc l . 
24. Mlsslq<1 Bay Audio 501 E. Mission Bay 
Drl.e 27~9350 (10121 ) 

Prof. typln~corr8Ctlng Selectric II All 
malerlals-Edltlng So. Clairmont-DoriS 278-
8736 (1011 7) 

Tu toring Algebra , Trig . Analgeom. Calculu8. 
Statistics. Physlcl . GRE. Gall Ish anytime. 
287-4751 (10128) 

" Typing· Marilyn would like to lullill your 
typing need&-exper1. reasonabl., h. IBM . 
Gall 27D-6135." (10131) 

Reel Bll,'e services with sf/lnlly. reality. 
communlcaliOn. linda. UCSO Studant. 
~ Finder'. fee Hablo Eapanol 452-1786 275-

0980 (10117) 

Typlng-.. "conecllng ' IBM MI«:I1c teo,n 
~. the8el. etc. experienced. 452·1588 
8Wlnlngs. (6119) 

Typing - EMperlenoed· ruIIOnable, IBM, call 
.... yllm •• 455-0127. MrI . Old • . (1212) • 
NEED A TYPIS17 
Speedy Service. Rea.onable Rates. 
Experienced. IBM Correcllng Meehlne. Call 
Kalhle Afler 5:00 276-9299. (10121) 

MODEL UNITED NATIONS Int .... ted In 
joining? Meeting today at 5:00 In Student 
Center'l.ounge. ('0/17) 

Surfalde at SlO Is .... lIab .. for party ,.,Ial-
S301 night. For more Inlo call SIC) gm office. 

Premed support group _I", wed. e:3O 
Student Cent... East Conf....,.,. room 
student. 'Ot supportive IIlodathlc lIudleS 
(10119) 

UCSO 'mllteur radio club meetlng-Oct. 18 at 
4 p.m .• II Ihe club office In the lItudent 
cent. (10117) 

Oulcle, happy birthday and remarnber: 
though the hlppopotamu. has no sting. a 
wise man would rather be salon by a bee. 
Rusa(10117) 

Help w."ted - Oeliver 'or Angelo's Pizza must 
have own car & Ins. Call aft'" 5 488-0603 
(10119) 

I '*lly need Ore "'pls 61 Book lor Fall T7 
Dave 453·573:1 (10117) 

Gash for gold ring • • dental gOld. sterling . old 
coins, and pre 1965 Sliver coins Ken 7505-
7371 (10121 ) 
COI leg(ale RESEARCH PAPERS. ThouSlinds 
on IIle. All academic subjects. Send $1 .00 for 
mall order cal.log. Box 25918-Z. Los 
AnReles. Calif . 90025 (213) 477-8414. (1120) 

Old Harley. Indian, Triumph. and Arle4 parts 
and Iitaratura or baal<et c ..... Pre 1959353-
3504. 

AplS 81 boOk d ... paratety needed- will pay 
101) $ call eve · Ed 27~ 1878 

housiNG 
2 BORM 2 BATH fumlshed condo Del Mar 
B.c ... . Pool Jacuzz i S500 Mo cal l Pam 481 -
8829. (10124) 

Nordica ski boots size 5 . excellenl condit ion. 
2 seasons oldl Gall PaUl 454· 7361 even ings . 
$35. (10117) 

Double bed jus! bough I for S60 sell for same 
Jan 481 -1649 ..., .... Good cond ition (10117) 

Queen Size walerbed. solid Wood. Complete. 
$100 Including sheels . 452~779. (1 0117) 

VESPA - Only 1.200 mil .... . 505 MPH. KepI In 
garage · EXCELLENT condilion. $700 or best . 
755-8119 evenlngsl weekends (10121 ) 
Speclacular ocean scenes . prize wlnn,ng 
original pholos moun led for 16.:;0 l ramlng 
or? $15 J im 481-1 546 (10117) 
late SO's Fender Mustang very good CO"" 
dillon. sharp looking w i cn. $200 or best 
offer. Buddy2~2918(101 19 ) 

Panosonlc - 8 track player and recorder & 
Panasonlc cassette ptayer and recorder · cell 

B I 1I452~7111 (10117) 

TRAVEl 
Interna llonal travel low cosl flights to 
Eu rope. Israel. Africa free Inl. studenl 10 card 
485 W. Valencia Or. Sulle I Fullenon 92632 
71 4·87G-l031 (t216) 
BOOK ON CAMPUS 
EM rope . Hawaii and New Yorl< Charter 
Fiognt ~ . CtFE Sludenl Travel Student Center 

B~23 Open MWF 1- 5 Call 452·0630 (611 1) 

XEROX 
COPIES 

2~~ 
minimum 

l SOI Sixth Avenue 
231·1676 

COLOR 
XEROX 

50c Each 
5c dupl lcales 

OPEN 7:30 ' .m. · 10 p.m. M-F 
Salurdays & Sundays 11).5 

Dear Jane B. Happy birthday one day early 
Irom Bil l and Wibe (1 011 7) 

TO the 'ttractlve man giving tickets In lhe 
Mulrl Mand lot on Mon Oct. 10 - I think I love 
you. from lhe girl who wat watchlngl (10/1 7) 

For R nl: Furnlshed lUnfurnlshed apl . 
overlook ing Del Mar Beach lG one bedroom. 
ocean view. $3251 mlh Ocean Windows 
Villas. 1552 Ctlmlno Del Mar. Del Mar, 755-
6601 (10126) 

$11 0 room for renl ; pr ivate bath· kitchen 
prl.lledges-Qu lel. near UCS[)' male. no,," 
smoker- 453-6803. (10121 ) 

fOR SALE 

Don't buy anything 
in 14K Gold 

Typing IBM Sleetrlc l erm papers, theses, 
Ph.O. dl;osertatlona. edl tlngs. rush Jobl • 
453-0656. 56Q.8171 , 452.1588. 288-4938. (619) 

Come 10 Ihe Warran Harbor Cruise · SlIt Oct 
248 p.m. S6 couples, S3.50 Slag. Purchase at 
Warren Cafel1 :3G-l (10121) 

1914 Pinto runaboul 4-speed Mlchellns 
48 .000 miles good condition $1 e50 Steve 455-
1546 (1 0119) 

221'>" Raleigh . All Campy except brakes. 
$350. 455-0906 . 

Pioneer 4· w'Y spkr$ 50 watt $1 21) pr Eric 452-
96505 . 

N .. rosclences department nMCla persons Panasonlc port tape recorder, rechargable 
Int"",sted In pertlcipatln~ In brain wave batts. cost $121).Jl_. perfect 'or leets, $SO 
.,.periment • . 12.50 per hour. Sign up In '52-1798 (10119) 
Room 3208, Sverdrup Hall. S.I.O. (10/17) 

. H..-fett Packard 25 $80 ph 453-21042 (10 / 19) 

till you've se~n 
A NEW OUTDOOR JEWE L AY STORE 
1261 Prospect Street La Jolla 

(Next to Alfonso's Restaurant ' 
459·4788 

11 AM . 10 PM Every Day 

Making . your hair healthy Is our way of making your hair 
"beautiful. We combine professional direction, dedicated at-

, ~entlon and effective products to achieve remarkable results. 

During the past several years the simple "PH·Story" has been told over 
and over. Besides preserving nature's Acid Mantle of 4.5-5.5 ph , 
shampoo must contain NUCLEOPROTEINS DNA and RNA. These 
essential building blocks in the polypeptide chain repair damaged protein 
in the same ratio from which it is naturally depleted from the hair!! A full 
complement of amino acids, vitamins, minerals, . enzymes and coen-
zymes hydrolized to the correct size· and weight penetrate the hair shaft 
and are utilized by the NUCLEOPROTEINS to reconstruct hair damage . 
Deficient moisture must be replaced yet excessive moisture must be 
repeUed in maintaining proper protective balance, 

. All these hair-health conaclous salons In the UCSD area feature 
KMS Prof_Ional Hair Care Product.. Scientific permanent 
waving, color blending and great cuts are featured at the 
foUowtng KMS Hair Health Centers: 



PIleI! triton time8 M.day, Odeber 17, 1m 

Soccer ... Student power ... 
[Coatllnaed Inm .... e 11] [C.tbaaed from PIlle f] 

the baD past Realey into the left is daDgeroua. Should such a fundamental decision as to what is 
side of the net. Triton Coach . "poUtlcal", "ethnic", or "cultW'8I" be made by administrators? 
Stewart Hayes agreed ''the Long When will the growing list of infringements of students rights end? 
Beacb player wu clearly offside, Only when we rediscover the channels througb which we can affect 
but the referee missed it. Had the change wiD our voices be heard. Thus far, the AS has contacted legal 
offside call been made properly cOWlCel, establihed a task force, contacted the Uc Student LOOby, 
the foul and the penalty wouIci confronted the UC system-wide Administration, and baa provided the 
never have occurred. .. initiative for a state-wide Administration, and baa provided the 

The entire game was marked by initiative for a state-wide protest by alertinl each UC campus. 
lDlusually rough play. Four CSLB This is a beginning, but now your voices mUll be heard. In order to 
players left the game due to inJury, continue this action, espresa your opinioa to administrators and AS 
including 4ger starting goalie Tony representatives at the Student Center, or 462-4550. 
Martinez who lnadvertantly was Jeff Leifer, AS President 
kicked in the face. PIIIlIauc, Lobby Annex Director 

The second half again saw UCSD David F.dery, Muir Representative 
TT Photo: Stan Honda 

IN YOUR FACE! An unidentified Long Beach State attacker 
grl .... ce. a. Triton defender AI Turken kick. the ball off hie head. 
UCSIY. Duncan Campbell look. on. The 4ger. topped UCSD, 3·2. 

take control of the game but RIIIpIa GraDe""', ASUCSO Bulletin 
another strange goal increued the 
Long Beach to 3-1. 

Doug YOlDlgdale closed the gap 
to 3-2 at the 20 minute mark but 
UCSO's offense sputtered. 

Tea taster 
terminated 
(CPS)-For 20 years, taxpayers 
have been paying Robert H. Dick 
to taste tea. A few weeks ago, 
President Carter gave him the ax -
part of the Carter's plan to save 
tixpayers$ISnUltion. 

Dick, only one of the 479 other 
advisory paneis tenninated in the 
action, is in charge of the gover-
runent's- Tea Examiner's Office in 
Brooklyn, and the government 
member of the Board IX Tea 
Experts, both adjuncts of the 
Federal Food and Drug 
Administration. 

n all started with the Tea Act in 
1897. A system was set up whereby 
all team coming into the country 
would be checked against a set of 
standards. The Board IX Tea 
Experts meets once a year to 
select the teas in the various 
categories which should be the 
lowest quality. Importers then are 
able to test their teas to make sure 
they are equal or better than the 
standard. As a tea examiner Dick 
makes sure importers are keeping 
to standard by sipping his way 
through up to 150 cups a day. 

"I taste it and spit it out," he 
aid. 

-0Il00 
SOUTH BAY I'lAZA LOMA SOUAAE FASHION VALLEY 
PAAKWAY "'-Al" COLLI!GE GAOVE TOWNE CENTAE 
GAOSSMONT CENTEA PLAZA CAMINO REAL 
1.01 ......... 
lOllJ CEMtTOS WEsr_rEA ~NTEHlLLSMALl 

FO~ HILLa MALL MaT COYWA GL£HOALE GAl ... A"" 

U~O shutout Cal Baptist 2-4) last 
Wednesday in their conference 
opener in Los Angeles. 

Dr. I •• bO, Soc. Dapl. 
111111.11 ••• 

SOUTH AFRICA 
on TU81., Del. 18. 7:30 pm, al 

Tha Iniernilionai Canlar 
Elery ... e Rcame 

Only Tampax tampons have 
an applicator that is flushable 

and biodegradable 

The applicator on the left is plastic and its 
manufa rurer clearly warns "do not flush:' 
You can throw it into a waste receptacle, but no 
maner how you dispose of a plastic applicator, 
it remains hard, non-biodegradable material 
indefinitely. That is why plastic applicators 
pollute our land, rivers, lakes and beaches. 

The Tampax tampon container-applicator 
- like the tampon itself- is completely disP<?S3b1e 
and biodegradable. It is made of spirally wound 
strips of paper that qUickly begin to delaminate 
and unwind when they come in contact with 
water. (See the illustration above at the right) 
The paper strips are as easy to dispose of as a 
few sheets of bathroom or facial tissue. 

What's more, the hygienic Tampax 
tampon applicator is designed to make insertion 

easy and comfortable. Slim, smooth and pre-
lubricated, it guides the tampon into the proper 
position to give you reliable protection.Your 
fingers never have to touch the tampon. In use, 
the Tampax tampon expands gently in all three 
directions- length, breadth and width-
so there is little chance of leakage or bypass. 

Tampax tampons offer you hygienic 
menstrual protection without the worry of 
environmental pollution. This is one of 
the reasons why they are the -I choice of more 
women than all other tampons combined. 

TAMPAXe 
~ 

""0£ ONLY .. U .... AX INCORI'O~"T(O . ""l"U. ""SS 
The internal prottcdon more women trust 





FORD'S CONTINUING SERIES OF COLLEGE NEWSPAPER SUPPLEMENTS 

-rbe .e. Fitness: 
Focus oaPersonai BDerl' 



WOULD 
YOU 

TRADE 
YOUR 
BODY 
FOR ... 

Arnold Schwarzenegger's? Chris Evert's? O. J. Simpson's? 

Ah, for the rippling muscles of Arnold chwar-
zenegger, or the nimble grace of Chris Evert, or the 
power and speed of O. J. Simpson! The wish to 
change places- and bodies- with phy ical super-
stars is apt to hit us mere mortals from time to time, 
especially when our bodies aren't re ponding or 
looking the way we'd like. 

Of course, Arnold lift s 40 ton of barbell each day 
to maintain his phys ique. And Chri spends ex'-
hausting hour of practice f9r every fla hy appear-
ance at Wimbledon. And O . J. goes through grueling 
twice-dail y essions with the other Buffalo Bill to 
stay in pea k co ndition during football season . 

To get a superstar' bod y, you've got to work like a 
superstar. Far better to simply get your own body fit 
for the kind of life you want to lead . This is ue of 
Insider isn' t about Arnold or Chris or O. J. Jt'sabo ut 
you. The articles which follow provide the in-
formation and the incentive you need to plan a 
personal strategy for getting in hape and staying in 
shape. 

For starter, " I Was a 49-Pound Weakling" offer 
encouragement for anyone who wa turned offb the 
old fitnes taught in element ary chool gym cia s. 
Staff writer Don Akchin recounts his own true - and 
all too familiar- experiences a nd a l 0 outlines how 

to put together a fitness program that works for you. 
If you ee t he tell-tale ign of overweight creeping u p 
or imply want conci e information on good nutri-
tion and diet planning. "The Diet Connection" by 
Theodore Berland . author of Rat ing rhe Diers. is must 
reading. "Feeling Good" catalog 16 different way 
to become more comfortable with yourself. And 
"More P ower to You" explai ns how body. mind and 
spirit interact to affect your ~nergy level and tell 
how you can convert low-energy d rag to high-energy 
fun. 

Insider: Ford's Continuing Series oj College 
ell'spaper Supplement i ponsored by Ford 

Divi io n of Ford Motor Company and publi hed by 
13-30 Corporation (which al 0 produce uch famil-
iar campu publications as Nutshell a nd The 
Graduare). The Nell' Fitness: Focus on Personal 
Energy initiate the eri es. 

Ford' sponsorship of thi publication i an 
indication of their ue ire to provide ervice to 
college tudenls. Plea e ta ke the time to let u knol; 
how you like thi supplement by returning the 
po tage-paid re pon e card found on page . And for 
more information on Ford' product line. use the 
card o n page 16. 

Good reading! 

Art Credits: Cover- Joe Acree. Ellen Bar-
rentine- pages 10. 15: Janine Orr- pages 
17- 20: Mary Revenig - pages 4. 9: Ken 
Smith- pages 22- 23. 

Inside the Insider 
© t977 13-30 Corporation. All rights re-

served. No portion of Insider: Ford's Con-
tinuing Senes of College Newspaper Sup· 
plements may be reproduced inwholeorin 
part without written consent of 13-30 
Corporation, 505 Market St. , Knoxville. TN 
37902 (615-637-7621) . 
. Insider is publ ished by 13-30 Corpora-

tion for Ford Division of Ford Motor 
Company. Opinions expressed by the 
publisher and writers are their own and are 
not to be construed as those of Ford 
D!vision of Ford Motor Company. like-
Wise, the publisher assumes responsibility 
for the technical accuracy of the material 
used throughout the articles herein Direct 
any correspondence to Laura Eshbaugh. 
Managing Editor. 

I Was a 49-Pound Weakling ....... . ......... 4 I 
onfes ion of a Touch Football Dropout Who uffer the 

Heartbreak of Phys . Ed . but ind Hope al La t in the New Fitne I 
hy Don Akchin 

The Diet Connection ...................... 10 
T he Thinking Perso n' Guide to Losing Weight 

hy Theodore Berland 

Feeling Good ............... . 
16 Way To Get in Touch v ith Your Bod ' 

More Power to You! .... 
Beat atiguewiththi High- nerg R 

..... . 17 

.... 22 

INSIDER 



I_asa 49-Pound Weakling 
As a kid I would have given my 

buck teeth for O . J . Simpson's speed, 
Chris Evert' cool grace or Arnold 
Schwar7enegger' bicep . Instead I 
wa slow, awkward and had lots of 
sand kicked in my face . 

I wanted badly to be a football 
player. In tead I became what i 
known in gym class as a capital-J 
Joke. The hierarchy of a gym class, 
yo u recall , is crowned by an ari toc-
racy of natural athletes who can do 
anything in any sport with perfect 
grace, supe rb power and no apparent 
effort . Next on the pecking order are 
those who arc only average but cover 
their shortcomings under a barrage of 
yap. What's left are the Jokes. When 
the side are chosen up for a game, the 
Jokes are left standing around until 
somebody says, "Okay, we'll take him 
and you get him. (Snicker snicker) 
Boy, what a Joke." 

Jokes like me got thi reputation by 
coring omewhere between below 

average and aby mal on every kill 
test of the year, year after year. The 
chin-up, it-up, somersault test, the 
run-pas -kick test, the 30- econd lay-
up test , the one-mile run test - you 

Confessions 
ofa 

Touch Football 
Dropout 

Who Suffers 
the Heartbreak 

ofPhys.Ed. 
but Finds 

Hope at Last 
mthe 

New Fitness 
by DON AKCHIN 

II name it, I flunked it. 
Nowas I say, I didn't start out to be nition of my size and brains. I was all I a Joke. I tarted out a a football of 3-foot-6, weighed almost 50 

; player, back in the first grade, but got pound including shoulder pad, and 
off to a haky start. Everybody on the was the only guy on the team who 
team wa supposed to buy hi own red could spell encycloped ia . Like the re t 
jersey. My mom couldn't find a single of the big dumb linemen , I crouched 
redjer ey in town , so he bought what down at the line, Ii tened for the word 
she thought was the next be t thing: "hike," and tried to push tho egiant 4-
maroon . When I howed up for the foot brute on their cans before they 
first practice, there were 20 guy in pushed me. They alway won . After 
red, two in maroon . "Okay," says the awhile I took to idestepping them 
coach, "let's divide up into two team s altogether. Later in the easo n, some-
here and run a few plays. verybody one accused me of biting him 
in red i one team , and you two purple through a helmet, chin strap and 
guys are the otherteam. You two see if mouthpiece, no Ie . Ileftthe game in 
you can top the red fella ." tears and my mom assured me I would 

We didn't do all that well again t never have to play again . I wa 
the other 20, but from that moment relieved. So wa he . She thought 
on, the coach had me pegged as a football wa too dangerous. That may Cs- defensive lineman , no doubt in recog-= h=a=v::.e_ b_e_en_ i_n-=th=e= back of her mind 
4 INSIDER 

when he bought me a maroon jersey. 
It was a short hop, step and jump 

from touch football wa hout to full-
fledged Joke. All it took was a steady 
diet of negative reinforcement and 
continuous doses of the Old Fitness. 

OldFitn~ 
Vers~ 
NewFitn~ 

The Old Fitness refers to physical 
education as I learned it(orlearned of 
it) in public secondary chools. It was: 

• Exclusively physical. Mind and 
body were treated as separate. It was 
as umed that most people had either 
brain or brawn; only rare specimens 
had both. One was irrelevant to the 
other. 

• Comparative. Every tudent' s 
performance was ranked against a 
national standard for that age group-
not unlike the standardized tests in 
the classroom. Your ranking told you 
whether you were normal , better than 
normal or a Joke. 

• Competitive. The idea was always 
to beat everybody else in the class-
just like in academics. This was 
e pecially true forteamsports. V-I-C-
T-O-R-Y! Victory! Victory! Is Our 

ry! 
• Punitive. Physica l exercise was a 

punishment for misbehavior. "What 
did you ay, on? Okay, son , take 45 
quick lap around that back top out 
yonder while the rest ofu tay in ide 
where it's cool and pl:ty some ba ket-
ball. Now take off." 

The Old Fitne s and I were not 
sui ted for each other. I was obviously 
a loser by it rule . Meanwhile I was 
making "A's" in everything but gym 
cia . I believed in the mind-body 
plit. It wa clear that my mind was 

doing well; my body was not. So I 
rationalized that my bodywa ju t not 
important. If I were never goingto be 
O . J . Simpson or Arnold chwar-

zenegger or Rod Laver or Hank 
Aaron, then who needed it? Big deal. 
Could Einstein do layups? 

The Old Fitnes is till irrelevant to 
me. For year I thought that wa the 
only fitne s there was. 

Fortunately for me, and many 
other who have been turned off over 
the years by the Old Fitness, it is no 
longer the only ystem. If you read the 
late t literature on port and exer-
cise, you'll notice a di tinct change. 
The expert are taking a turn to the 
Ea t - borrowing concepts and atti-
tudes from Oriental philosophies 
and al 0 a turn to the new branche of 
psychology which empha ize human 
potential. From my viewpoint, those 
are turn for the better. 

This New Fitness i : 
• A bod y-mind integration. The 

physical, mental and spi ritual are all 
interrelated. The body i not a ma-
chine that needs maintenance to run 
efficiently and works independently 
of the mind ; it i a part of the whole 
per on. Phy ical well-being improve 

Fringe 
Benefits of Getting 
Fit 

If you do decide to play, though. 
orne fine fringe benefit may come 

your way. (Under the Old Fitne s, 
many of the e are supposed to be 
rea on why you fIIUSf, without delay. 
make yourself fit. Advocates of the 
New Fitne are firm believers in the 
fl y-ca tching propertie of honey.) The 
fringe benefit offitness include these : 

• Fitne improve appearance. at 
is tored energy. a nd it gets stored on 
your body when you inge t more 
calories than you expend . Any exer-
cise, trenuou or ju t winging your 
arm around, burn off calories . All it 
take to burn off 100 calories i a 20-
minute walk, or a 15-minute bicycle 
ride, or a nine- to 12-minute swim, or a 
10-minute jog. Exercise won't make 
any dramatic changes in the hort run, 
but exercise combined with a moderate 

diet is the ideal way to take weight off 
painlessly and stay trim . 

Even if you don't need to 10 e any 
weight. exerci e can trim up your 
body. As you e erci e more, the 
proportion of mu c1e in your body 
will increa e and the proportion offat 
will decrea e. Muscle ti ue i denser 
than fat and take less pace; 0 even 
without a drop in weight , exerci ecan 
make your bod y leaner. 

• Mod erate exercise has a tendency 
to decrease appetite, which al so 
work to improve bod y a ppearance 
by reducing the calorie ingested . 
Strenuous exerci e tends to increa e 
appetite; thi is the bod y's natural 
mechanism for getting enough calo-
ries to meet its energy needs . nfor-
tunatel , as activity drops off. appe-
titedoes not re pond in kind . Inactive 
people. consequently. have larger 
appetite than moderate e erci ers 
and burn off fewer calorie . 

• xerci e relieves tension . Fitnes 
enthu iast call exerci 'e the best tran-
quili7er known. And it make en e. 

mental alertness , relieve anxiety and ...-_____________________________ ----, 
ten ion , even help you leep better. 

• Noncomparative. You don't rate 
yourself against a "norm"; you set 
your own standards, ba ed on your 
own needs and objective . You al 0 
are free to set your own pace. 

• Noncompetitive. You compete 
with no one, not eV$!n with yourself. 
There are no 10 er , only a winner 
you. Some people are just noncom-
petitive by nature and by body type. 
One exerci e phy iologist ay 70 
percent of all body type are not 

I represen ted at the Olympic because competitive sports are only appro-I priate for certain bodies. There are 
I' ports and activities, though. for every body. 

• Fun. Exercise and activity are to 
be enjoyed , not taken like medicine. If 
your only motivation fordoing ome-
thing is that you should because it's 
good for you. you probably won't 
continue it for long. You're also 
missing the point. Sport and recrea-
tion aren' t uppo ed to be work or 
punishment. The play's the thing. 

After reading some literature b 
members of the New Fitness school, I 
have embarked upon a fitne pro-
gram of my own. Nobody is more 
surprised than me. I don't expect to 
ever look like O. J . or Arnold (or 

hris), but that i n't important. 
The New Fitne s recogni/es that 

you don't ha e to be an athlete to be 
fit ; and better et, that you need not II train like an athlete to be a fit 
nonathlete. The idea is to meet our 
own need for our own bod and 
yourown life. You don't havetowork 
at it; it's far bette rfo r you top la nd 
you don't hOI'e to do an thing. 

EXERCISE COMPARISONS 
Here are some of th e benef ils and disadvan tages o f eight of the more popul", forms of phYSical aCli vilY. 

Activity 

Jogging 

Wal k ing 

Tenl'l's 

Cross countr y sk IIng 

Calis thenics 

Benefits 

Excel lent conditioner for 
endurance. lung and heart 
capacHy Budds leg strength 
EqUipment inexpenSive. 
requHes no special facilities 

Good beginning eXerCISE», 
pspeclally for people out 
of shdpe. When done 
brISkly. maintaIns heal! 
and lung capacity 
No eqlllprnent or 
facdnles needed 
Excellent conditioner for 
endurance ExerCises vir 
wally all muscles In body 
Especially SUitable for 
persons recov~nnq from 
hip. knee or ankl,. prab 
ferns Considered be~t 
all around ext'rClse 
E)(cel lent for body shaplrlC). 
f leXibility and aqility May 
develop endurdnce If played 
vigorously Strengthens arm 
muscles 

Pl'rhap~ best sport '01 de 
velopmg endurance De 
vt'lops arm and shoulder 
muscles InJurle~ If'SS com 
mon than In downhill sklulq 

Good for flex,blilty and 
muscle tone Good W411n 
up for oth~r actlv!trrs No 
equrpmrnt nec('ss.1ry 

Oevelop~ endurancp .f done 
vigorously Devfllap\ leg 
and back muscles Can sre 
SCf'nery while exeorclSlnq 

Excellen t for developulQ 
museul., streng th C.n en 
hance pt' f formanre mother 
a th letiC aCIIVl t les. mcludlng 
volleyball. b •• ke.b.lI.nd 
golf Can be don ••• hom. 
With homemade or low cost 
flQulpment 

Disadvantages 

ReQulrf'S rrellmtndry start 
up program Does nothing 
fo, fleXIbility or strength 
(except legsl Tightens 
muscles In back of leg 
and calf, shortens Achlllt's 
tendon 
Wdlkll'lq speed of 56 mdes 
per hour necessary for con 
dltFonlOq effect on hrdrt 

ReqUires d body of wate, 

ReQutrrs a court and dn 
opponent EQUipment dnd 
accessories modrratf'ly ex 
penSive ActIvity IS sporadiC 
Only Impravps endurance If 
playels run fOI the balls . 
doubl('s play doc\ not de 
vfllop poduI.toce 
ReQUires Prt'COndlllOtllnq 
pr09!.lm 10 dpvt'lop musch'S 
Rf'qUttf's snow ann proper 
l£'tlaln Morlf'fatp. eqwpmenl 
costs 

Bonnq Does nOI dt'velop 
endurance unless done very 
vigorously 

Only bwldio f"nduranc" I' 
done VlgOroU Iy Model att 
equipment cost Will not 
give mllXlml,m benf'f'l 10 
muscles In leqs, anklf's ,md 
fOO l unlen Irg IS fully PI( 
tpnded when pedal IS itt 
bottom of cltele 

00 .. 5 not dId flp)(lblltty 01 
f'nduranC'e, Lifting h@dvV 
weIghts n" rows blood 
vessels In mus les and rf' 
dures Clrculatlon Ad\llOCf'd 
wPlght l.fW1q rpquu,s acCfu 
to gymnasIum 

Warnings 

Persons 30 dnd older should 
have a phYSIcal examination 
f.,Sf , Wear good running 
shoes Walch out for dogs 

Don't el(pf'ct fdiol results 
from walklnq alont· 

Do not sWIm alone 

May CdUSI' JIl)(lety In 
plolytn who worry aboul 
thell qame 

Be prepared fOl cold c1lld 
hlqh allltudt, 

Use a bIcycle path If poSSible 
Watch OUI fOI cars If not pos 
Stbl, 

Slart IIqht. stan slowly. warm 
UP first May bt hOIa,dous to 
J)fIrsons With tfnd£'ncy 10wIlrd 
hIgh blood ""'S$urp 

INSIDER 5 



erik •• : 
EPA mileage ratings will be 
excellent~ 
Space efficient: 
interior almost 90% as roomy 
as cars like Chevrolet Impala. 
Cost efficient: 
base sticker-price will be competitive 
with many smaller cars. 

drive falrmont.flnd out for yourself. 

-EPA ratings were not available when this was released lor publication. However, we expect the Fairmont, eQuipped w ith standard 2,3 litre engine and 4-speed manual 
transmission Will have excellent mileage ratings See your Ford Dealer lor actual ratings. All competit ive references based on latest Informat ion available on 1977 
models, Including EPA Buyers Guide. 

Stress is the body' respon e to danger 
or challenge: the heartbeat quickens, 
adrenalin rushes in, the ense leap to 
a ttention. This is called the "fight or 
flight" re pon e, and it' a marvelous 
urvival in tinct that has been pro-

grammed in human for millions of 
years , Unfortunately, we till experi-
ence this response today, when there's 
no one to fight and nowhere to take 
flight, and the stre has nowhere to 
go. It tays in ide the body in thef orm 
of ulcer, headaches or psycho 0-
matic illne s. Vigorous exercise, such 
as running, wimmingorclobberinga 
tennis ball, is fighting and fleeing- or 
doing what the human body was 
intended to do. And out flows the 
tension , 

• Exercise stimulates mental alert-
ne s. Ten ion is a real energy drain, 
for one thing, 0 releasing tension 
free mental energy for othertasks, In 
addition, exerci e stimulate the flow 
of blood and oxygen to all part of the 
body, including the brain. 

• There i a wide pread belief 
though scientific proof is not a bso-
lute- that regular exercise prolongs 
life. It has been proven. however, that 
performing certain exerci e regu-
larly can increase the efficiency of the 
heart, lungs and circulatory system, 
Thiscertainlyou,r:ht to prolong life, or 
at lea t protect you from heart and 
re piratory diseases . 

• Some fitne s. ent husiasts claim 
exercise can get you high. They say 
that after 30 to 45 minutes of con-
tinued exertion, the bodygetsa "third 
wind," which results in a peaceful 
state of mind not unlike meditation in 
which thoughts and images float pa t 
and connect in creative way , 

• Finally, all the New Fitne s 
experts and many of the Old Fitness 

advocates in i t fitness timulates the 
sex life. You look exier becau e your 
muscle tone is firmer, and you haveall 
sorts of surplus energy and vitality , 

Ye ir, coach! Which backstop did 
you say? 

Putting 
Together Your 
Personal Fitn~ 
Program 

What exactly is fitnes ? How do 
you know whether you are fit ? 

nder the Old Fitne thi question 
i an we red by taking a few te ts and 
comparing your performance to the 
"norm," The New Fitne s leaves every 
individual to arrive at his or her own 
answer. ba ed upon individual need. 
per onal goals and different life tyles. 

The New Fitne definition is Ie 
precise but more flexible : you are fit if 
you can work effectively all day at 
your normal tasks; if you have enough 
energy left at day' end to inve t in 
leisure activitie ; and if you have the 
tamina and strength to with tand an 

unexpected phy ical emergency-
running a block to catch a bus. for 
instance. or rearranging all your 
furniture , 

By thi definition . a healthy. phy i-
cally fit accountant would not be in 
the arne hape a a healthy, physi-
cally fit lumberjack . But there' no 
need to be. 

Fitnes can be divided into three 
basic factors : endurance, trength 
and flexibility . 

Of the three, endurance is thefactor 
that i most often cited a the key 

How Many Calories Do You Burn in Different Activities? 
Figures in column one are calories per minute per pound of body weight. To 

compute how many calories you burn in any activity, mUltiply the number in column 
one by your weight and by the number of minutes. Figures in column two provide an 
example : one minute of activity for a body weight of 150 pounds. 

Cal/ 
Cal/mln/ mln/ 

Activity lb. 150 lb. Activity 
Badminton : .039 6 10 mph (6 min/mile) 
Bicycling : 12 mph (5 m in/mile) 

Slow (5 mph) .025 4 Sallln9 
Moderate (10 mph) .05 8 Skating : 
Fast (13 mph) .072 11 Moderate (Rec) 

Calisthenics : Vigorous 
General .045 7 Skiing (Snow) : 

Canoeing: Downhill 
2.5 mph ,023 3 Level (5 mph) 
4.0 mph .047 7 Soccer 

Dancing: Stationary Run : 
Slow .029 4 70- 80 cU / min 
Moderate .045 7 Swimming (crawl) : 
Fast .064 10 20 yds/mln 

Football (tag) .04 6 50 yds/mln 
Golf .029 4 Tennis : 
Handball .063 10 Moderate 
Hiking ,042 6 Vigorous 
Jogging: Volleyball: 

4.5 mph (13 :30 mile) .063 10 Walking : 

Cal/min/ 
lb. 

. 1 
. 13 
.0 2 

.036 

.064 

.059 

.078 

.063 

.0 78 

.032 

. 071 

.046 
.06 

.036 

Cal/ 
mln / 

150 lb. 
15 
20 

3 

5 
10 

9 
12 
10 

12 

5 
11 

7 
g 
5 

Judo, Karate .087 13 2.0 mph .022 3 
Mountain Climbing .086 13 4.0 mph .039 6 
Running: 5.0 mph .064 10 

6 mph (10 min/mile) .079 12 Water SkIIng .05 3 8 
From Individualized Fitness Programs by Frank Vitale, Prentice-Hall, Inc., Englewood 
Cliffs, NJ, C 1973 by Prentice Hall, Inc. 

To count your pulse or heart 
rate, turn your palm up and move 
the second and third fingers on the 
other hand up your wrist , along the 
thumb ide, until you feel a teady 
beat. You can al 0 find your pul e 
by running the econd and third 
fingers along your neck. about an 
inch below the curve of your 
jaWbone. 

U ing a topwatch or a weep 
second hand , count the number of 
beats in 15 econds, and multiply 
by four. You cannot get an accu-
rate count immediately after tren-
uous exercise if you count for an 
entire minute. becau e the heart 
rate drop off quickly. 

indicator of fitne s. And the exerci e 
which build endurance have the 
greate t effect on your overall health. 
If you perform a rhythmic or "aero-
bic" exerci e long enough. often 
enough and hard enough. orne defi-
nite phy ical change take place inside 
your body. The arteries leading into 
your heart enlarge; new capillarie 
develop around the heart; the heart 
pumps more efficiently. forcing more 
blood through the body with each 
stroke and resting longer between 
strokes. The lungs al 0 work more 
efficiently. processing more oxygen 
with each breath . The e change are 
called "training effect." 

The exercise which can pro ide 
you with training effect include jog-
ging, wimming. bicycling. bri k walk-
ing. rowing, rope- kipping. orne 
form of dancing. skating, hiking. 
cross-country kiing. and vigorous 
games of ba, ketbaLl. handball. qua h. 
hockey. tennis ( ingle ) and occer. 
But the phy ical change happen onl 
if you do three things : 

I. Exercise at enough intensit y to 
increase your heart rate te between 70 
and 5 percent of it rna imum rate. 
(The maximum i roughly 220 minu 

our age for male. 226 minus your 
age for female ; for a 20-vear-old 
male. the rna , imum rate is ioo beat 
per minute. and e erci e mu t be 
i nten e enough to achieve a rate of 140 
to 170 beat per minute.) 

2. Keep our heart rate at 70 to 5 
percent of maximum for at lea. t 10 
minute. and eventuall for 0 min-
ute or more. 

3. Perform this inten ive e erci e 
regularl , at least three time a week 
(preferabl e er other da. ) . 

It' an all-or-nothing proposition . 
All three of these requirements rnu t 
be met . or no training effect take 
pia e. It take everal month of 
regular cerci e to ac ompli h the 
ph i al change. 

The ell' erohics, b Kenneth H. 
oper(Bantam Book. 1970. I. 0) 

INSIDER 7 



lree-WbeeliD' PoI'CIS. 
They're TNT! 

Free Wheeling means factory-customized trucks with dazzling 
interiors, special paints, trick wheels and blacked-out grilles. 
Start with the Free Wheeling Styleside pickup shown below 

with rainbow stripes, blacked-out grille and front bumper, forged 
aluminum wheels (4), RWL sport tires. New Free Wheeling 
Fords. They're TNT. And they're ready at your Ford Dealer. 

eFree Wbedilll Bronco 
Comes equipped with black bumpers, 
mirrors, sport steering wheel , 
swooping tricolor tape treatment, 
spoke wheels and AWL tires. 
eFree Wbedilll Courier 
Get it with wide oval AWL tires, cast 
styled aluminum wheels (4), GT bar, 
push bar, fog lamps, custom accent 
tape stripes, and more. 
e Free Wbeelinl Van 
Includes sport steering wheel , black 
painted rocker panels, black front/ rear 
bumpers and mirrors. A separate 
interior package option is also 
available. Van shown with additional 
factory options, owner-added stripes. 

~====================================~~ 
offers a series of exercise programs in 
eight different activities which will 
meet all three requirements for achiev-
ing a training effect. The routines can 
be tailored to your individual need . 

Although endurance exercises are 
the most beneficial, by themselves 
they are seldom enough to assure 
fitness. An important reason is that 
without adequate strength and good 
flexibility, you will quickly injure 
yourself attempting to do endurance 
exercise . Jogger's knee, tenni el-
bow, trained backs, pulled muscles 
and other ailments which often hit 
per on early in their fitness pro-
grams- and often terminate tho e 
programs forever - can be avoided by 
supplementing jogging, tennis a nd 
other endurance-building activities 
with some muscle-developing and 
muscle-stretching routines. 

The fastest and surest way to 
increa e muscular strength is by 
working with weights. Thiscan mean 
lifting hefty barbells in a gym, orit can 
mean imply supplementing calis-
thenics by adding five- to ten-pound 
weights to the routine. (And women , 
weight training will not give you 
muscles like Arnold Schwarzenegger. 
Big, bulky biceps are a biproduct pf 
the male hormone testosterone; wo-
men can get stronger without getting 
bigger. In fact, the last six winners of 
the Mis Texas pageant have lifted 
weights to shape up for Miss America 
competition.) 

There are other exerci e that will 
ad d trength in specific mu cle 
group, such as sit-ups (abdomen) 
and push-ups (arms). A few of these 
may suffice to keep your elbows and 

I knees in working order. 
Flexibility is ex tremely important 

if you are already doing endurance 
exercises. Generally. flexible bodies 
absorb more stress with less injury-
like willow tree that bend with the 
wind but don't break. Specifically, 
Some exercises develop- but al 0 
tighten and shorten- key muscle . 
Running hortens the calf, hamstring 

I and lower back muscle, for example. 

I Unless running is supplemented with I flexibi lity exercises to stretch these 
muscles out again, the body gets out 
of a lignment and the inevitable result 
is injury. 

Ballet is one of the be t exerci es for 
all-around flexibility . Yoga also 
comes highly recommended as a 
gentle, gradual way to tretch taut 
muscles. 

Any comprehensive physical fit-
nes plan of the Old Fitne school 
for example, the Roya l anadian Air 
Force and YM A programs will 
include both strengt h and flexibility 
exercise that you can handpick for 
your needs. 

Tips for the 
Novice 

If you're gearing up for a little 
physical activity, here is ome general 
advice to keep in mind before you 
start : 

• Alway warm up for at least 10 
minutes before beginning any strenu-
ous activity. It' a shoclcto your heart 
when you bound from a virtual 
standstill to a full-tilt gallop. Work 
your way up slowly. 

• Equallyimportantis to cooldown 
for at least 10 minutes when you have 
finished exercising. When your mus-
cles have been pumping over and over 
and suddenly you stop, sit down or 
stand still, blood tend to pool in 
those muscles. In many cases you will 
feel faint - because not enough blood 
is leaving those muscles for your 
brain. So decrea e activity gradually. 
If you have been running hard or 
playing tennis, keep walking and 
swingingyour arms to move the blood 
around . 

• Don't strain. Many exercise pro-
grams end after one week, when a 
well-intentioned but overly enthusi-
astic fitness novice tries to do too 
much too soon, and ends up with 
aches and pains and sprains. Start 
lowly, don't ever push yourself to the 

point of collapse, and let everything 
take its course gradually. Nothing 
about fitness is instant. But what 

FOR MORE INFORMA TION 

takes a long time also may last a long 
time. 

• Don't exerci e immediately after 
a meal. This may lead to nau ea. Wait 
two hours. If you cannot exerci eon 
an empty tomach, drink orne water 
or juice and wait a few minute . There 
is nothing harmful , however, in 
drinking water in the middle of a hot 
et of tennis. 

• Pay attention to pain . That' 
nature's way of telling you something 
is wrong. Pa in is an early warning 
signal , and if you per i tin theface of 
pain you are asking for more eriou 
injurie . When it hurts. ea e up . 

I wouldn't trade my body for 
anybody' . In the years we've been 
together I have become rather at-
tached to it. At the same time, I could 
stand to improve it a good bit. 

My own fitness program is in it s 
fourth week now. Five evening a 
week, my lovely partner and I slip into 
our horts and hoes, stretch for 10 
minute, then jog a mile on a gras y 
boulevard . We walk for another 10 
minutes orso to cool down, thencall it 
quits . 

Thi program ha endurance and 
flexibilit y training but no strength 
exercise . Perhaps we should add 
them. La t weekend while cleaning 
out the basement , a cast-iron bathtub 
pinned me tothe wall and sma hed my 
finger. If it happens again we may add 
so me push-ups. or even lift weight s. 
but for the moment we feel content 
lifting fork. 

I never thought I would exercise 
again, ever. But it is fun. It relieve 
tension, boo ts myenergy,suppre ses 
my appetite (ever so slightly) and 
makes me feel good about myself. It's 
my program, at my pace. for my 
need, and the onl judge of whether 
it's successful or adequate is our 
truly. 

I hereby declare it adequate and 
succes ful. 

Here's hoping you enjo our fit-
ne just a much . 0 
Slaff writer Don Akchin is a 149-
pound ell' Fitness enthusiast. 

If you're now inspired to embark on your own fi tne campaign but need more 
information to get you going, the following books can be valuable resource : 

• The New Aerobics, by Kenneth H. ooper(Bantam Book , 1970, 1.50). Has 
gradual training program in several activities for cardiovascular conditioning. 

• Aerobics Jor Women. by Mildred ooper and Kenneth H. ooper (Bantam 
Books, 1973, $ I. 75). ooper's famous e ercise cheme (original! developed forthe 
Air Force) carried a step further. 

• ROI'al Canadian A ir Force E ercise Plam Jor Physical Fim('ss ( imon and 
chuster, 1976, $ 1.95). Daily routines for all-around fitne . 
• Dr. heehan On Running. b George A. heehan (World Publication. 197 . 

$3.50). A good introduction to the New Fitne s, especiall for jogger . 
• The Official Y M A Physical Fitnes Handhook. b la ton R. Myer (Popular I 

Library, 1975. $ 1.50). omplete fitne program taught on the Id Fitne s model. 

~ 
INSIDER 9 



----ctiOD 
The Thinking Person's Guide 
to Losing Weight 
by THEODORE BERLAND 

If you want to lose weight, you have 
to pay attention to what you are doing 
to gain weight. You can't idly nibble 
on Fritos as you tudy, thoughtle Iy 
order fries-and-. hake at lunch or 
careless ly take part in beer blasts 
without paying the consequences 
another millimeter or so of fat de-
posited where you don't want it. 

I recently gained some in ights into 
the secret dietary life of co llege stu-
dents while teaching a nutrition 
course at olumbia ollege in hi -
cago. I asked everyone in the class to 
record what they ate during one 
typical day and to analY7e the day's 
nutritional input. The papers turned 
in revealed that on the average, my 
students were getting what is con-
sidered normal nutrition . But indi-
vidual diets ranged wildly. Behind the 
statistics, the real people were either 
starving or stuffing themselves. 

Two women ate the least , about 500 
calorie a day, while another ate the 

-'10 INSIDER 

mo. t , about 3,000. Several men were 
ea ting about 1,700. Some ate mostly 
protein , others mostly carbohydrate. 
Some ate no animal nesh; so me lived 
onfish;mo tatelotsofj unk ;afewate 
such combinations as cracked-wheat 
bread, yogurt and beer. 

Most of the students in the class 
were living by a mixture of half-
understood co ncepts of "good" nu-
trition , "natural" foods, vegetarian-
ism, Adelle Davis and established 
standard s of dieting. Their confusion 
about how the bod y uses and stores 
food was often more a deterrent to 
succe sful dieting than was a lack of 
willpower. 

You don't have to take a nutrition 
cou rse to lea rn how to lose weight , bu t 
before you begin any diet you do need 
to know how your bod y processes 
food s 0 you'll know why ome 
diet will work every time and why 
others won't ever work , despite their 
claims. nce you know thi , you'll be 

ready to put together a personal diet 
plan that's be t for you. 

What Food Does 
If you put a ide the ae thetic , the 

purposeoffood i toprovidethebody 
with a variety of carbon compounds I 
which serve as its source of energy and I 
of materials for forming and main-
taining ti sues and for carrying on the 
processes of life. Ultimately, you eat 
becau e only food can provide the 
basic chemical your body need . 
These chemical are called nutrients . 
The most basic nutrients are protein , 
carbohydrate and fat. There are al 0 
vitamin and minerals and trace 
metals. And water. Altogether, food 
cientists tell us, you need between 45 

and 50 dietary compound to live and 
to be healthy. 

First yo u need protein . In fact, the 
name comes from the Greek word for 
"first," prolOs. It was the synthesis of 
protein in the co mic ooze of primi-
ti ve earth which gave life its start here. 

ext to water, you r body contains 
more protein than anything el e. 
Muscles, bones, blood , skin , mucus, 
en7ymes, hormones are made of 
protein . 

Proteins are complex chemica Is 
which are made of component chern i-
cals called amino acids. These literally 
are the building blocks of life. They 
are likefats and carbohyd rates in that 
they have spines of carbon atoms and 
arms of hydrogen and oxygen. They 
are unlike them in that they al 0 
contain nitrogen and so metimes su l-
fur. 

The 20 known amino acids come 
together in a multitude of way to 
form different protein. Unlike plants, 
which can make all these amino acids, 
we can make only about half. We 
must obtain the rest from thefoods we 
eat. The nine we need are called the 
essential amino acids. 

Unless you're taking "predigested" 
liquid protein and following The Last 

hance Diet , you do not eat amino 
acids by themselves. You in tead eat 
protein in such food s as meat, milk , 
beans, nuts. During digestion these 
proteins are broken down into amino 
acids. The body then has the options 
of putting together proteins from 
these amino acids;converting them to 
carbohydrates or, further , to fat ; 
burning them for energy; orexcreting 
them . 

Proteins from animal sources 
nesh, milk , eggs contain plenty of 
all of the amino acids you need . But 
proteins from plant ources do n t. 
Vegetables, fruit , grains, bean , nut 
are all deficient in one or another of 
the nine amino acids. The body can 
use plant protein food as well as 
animal protein food , but only when it 
has all of the amino acids present at ) 

the arne time. You do not store 
amino acid . This means vegetarians 
have to eat the proper combination 
of plant protein foods , uch a rice-
and-bean or wheat-and-bean . 

Carbohydrates (starche and sugar) 
provide your body with immediate 
energy. Your brain and nervou sys-
tem must be powered by the sugar 
glucose to function . Becau e of it 
important energy function , the body 
make gluco e from both amino acid 
and fatty acids , as well as from other 
ugar and tarche . This means that , 

in essence, you probably don't even 
have to eat any carbohydrate. How-
ever, in real life, people eat carbo-
hydrate food a filler : for example, 
bread. The body convert over up-
plies of glucose into starch (glycogen) 
which is temporarily stored in the 
liver and muscles for use as needed . 

You don't need much fat , but you 
do need orne. You especially need 
linoleic acid and arachidonic acid . 
Your bod y can make the econd if it 
ha enough of the first. You get 
linoleic acid in such vegetable oils a 
corn, peanut and safnower oils (but 
not olive or coconut oil). You need 
fat to maintain cellular membranes, 
tore certain vitamins (A, D, E, K), 

keep your skin uppleand be involved 
in the workings of orne hormones. 
Body fat is the long-term energy 
torage depot. 

You eat gram, ounces and pound 
of protein , carbohydrate and fat every 
day. The other nutrients you ea t are 
called micronutrients becau e you 
only need milligram or les of each. 
These include vitamin , mineral and 
trace metals. If you eat a well-rounded 
diet you shou ld get enough of the 
essential vitamins (A, ,D,E, K and all 
the B's), as well as the important 
minerals such as iron , calcium, phos-

Americans on a national scale, 
consume 1,353 pounds offood per 
person per year, or 3.71 pound per 
person per day. That amount to 
1.2 million calories per year, or 
3,293 calories per day- enough to 
sustain a construction worker or 
lumberjack at 190 pounds, or 
a moderately active weekend ath-
lete at 220 pounds. 

Over a year' span, that' a total 
for each per on of 182 pound of 
meat, 271 pounds of milk and 
cream, 98 pound of fre h vege-
table , 118 pound of potatoes, 100 
pound of ugar, and 112 pound 
ofnour. 

phoru , pota sium, zinc, iodine, 
nuorine. But to make ure you get it 
all, taking a vitamin-mineral upple-
ment every day i wi e. (Vegetarians 
need to be sure they get Vitamin B", 
otherwise available only in animal 
food .) 
What's a 'Balanctd' Diet? 

A balanced diet mean eatingfoods 
from the basic four food group 
dairy product , protein , fruit -vege-
table and cereal -grain . You also 
need to drink about one-and-a-half 
quart of water or liquid sa day. atas 
much uncooked , fresh producea you 
can , and as few highl y processed 
food as pos ible. That's often not 
ea y at college, especially if you live in 
a dorm . But it can be done. 

The be t advice on what and how to 
eat is ummarized in the 1977 govern-
ment publication , Dietary GoalsIor 
the United States, prepared by the 
taff of the U.S. Senate's ,elec t 
ommittee on utrition and Hum an 

Need after yea rs of hearing and 
resea rch . The committee says we can 
all get thinner and live lon ger by 

rever ing our national ~ver-con um~ 
tion of food in general and of fat 
(e pecially aturated fat), chole terol, 
ugar, salt and alcohol, in particular. 

It recommend that you : 
• Eat Ie meat and more fi hand 

poultry. 
• Replace whole milk with kim 

milk . 
• Cut back on egg, butter and 

other high-chole terol ources. 
• Cut back on sugar, to 15 percent 

of your dail calorie. 
. Cutbackon alt,toatotalofthree 

gram a day. 
• at more fruits, \egetable and 

whole grain . 
According to the report , 12 percent 

of your daily calorie hould be 
protein . The report al 0 recommends 
that you eat morecarbohydrate than 
fat (especially complex carbohydrate 
like fruit- ugar and starch). arbo-
hydrates hould con tit ute 58 percent 
of your daily caloric intake, of which 
ugar can be a much a 15 percent. 

The remaining 30 percent of calorie 
you con ume should befat(IOpercent 
aturated, 20 percent unsaturated}. 

\\-hat Do Calorie Do? 
Proteins, carbohydrate and fat 

can each serve a a ource of energy in 
the body, as I explained earlier. Their 
energ potential is mea ured in ca lo-
rie:,;. A Big Mac is 550calorie , a can of 
beer (12 ounce) i 150, a raw carrot is 
20, diet cola is one . Calorie imply 
tell how much energy a food can 
contribute to power the life proce se 
in your bod y. 

If yo u get just as many calories a 
day a your bod y need , fine . If you 
cat more than u use, you r bod y 
lOre the rest. I.e !>, and you draw 

from reserves. That' how human 
('(1111 ill I/I'c/ 0 /1 fla~l' 14 

SAMPLE HEIGHT/WEIGHT CHART 
MEN OF AGES 25 AND OVER · WOMEN OF AGES 25 AND OVER " 

Weight in Pounds According to Frame (In Indoor Clothing) Weight in Pounds According to Frame (In Indoor Clothing) 
HEIGHT HEIGHT 

(with shoes on) SMALL MEDIUM LARGE (with shoes on) SMALL MEDIUM LARGE 
l -inch heels FRAME FRAME FRAME 2' lnch heels FRAME FRAME FRAME 

Feet Inches Feet Inches 
5 2 112- 120 118- 129 126- 141 4 10 92- 98 96- 107 104- 119 
5 3 115- 123 121 - 133 129- 144 4 11 94 - 101 98 - 110 106- 122 
5 4 118- 126 124- 136 132- 148 5 0 96- 104 101 - 113 109- 125 
5 5 121 - 129 127- 139 135- 152 5 1 99- 107 104- 116 112- 128 
5 6 124- 133 130- 143 138- 156 5 2 102- 110 107- 119 115- 131 
5 7 128- 137 134- 147 142- 161 5 3 105- 113 110- 122 118- 134 
5 8 132- 141 138- 152 147- 166 5 4 108- 116 113- 126 121 - 138 
5 9 136- 145 142- 156 151 - 170 5 5 111 - 119 116- 130 125- 142 
5 10 140- 150 146- 160 155- 174 5 6 114- 123 120- 135 129- 146 
5 11 144- 154 150- 165 159- 179 5 7 118- 127 124 - 139 133- 150 
6 0 148- 158 154- 170 164- 184 5 8 122- 131 128- 143 137- 154 
6 1 152- 162 158- 175 168- 189 5 9 126- 135 132- 147 141 - 158 
6 2 156- 167 162- 180 173- 194 5 10 130- 140 136- 151 145- 163 
6 3 160- 171 167- 185 178- 199 5 11 134- 144 140- 155 149- 168 
6 4 164- 175 172- 190 182- 204 6 0 138- 148 144- 159 153- 173 

*NOT : or young women between J 8 and 25, subtract 1 pound for each year under 25. The absence of a similar measurement rule 
for young men between 18 and 25 is explained In part by the difference In growth peri ods for the sexes. Younq women don't grow 
much la"er after age 16 and add little weight aft r the age of 18, except for unwanted fal. On the o ther hand, the growlh periOd of 
young men may continue Into th Ir early twenties. 
By permission of Metropolitan life Insurance Company . 

INSIDER 



Fiesta. Imported 
from Germany by Ford. 

The remarka ble success of the new Ford Fiesta 
in Europe has surpassed even the most popular 
cars from Volkswagen , Renault and Fiat. Beh ind 
th at success i Fiesta' dramatic level of au tomotive 
performance. 
ADVANCED EUROPEAN ENGINEERIN 
Fie ta is assembled by Ford in Germany, where I' 
competition includes some of the world 's finu t 
performance sedans. It was engineered for sta b 1-
it yon Europe's high-speed a utobahns. Engineer 'd 
to be quick and maneuverable in city driving. A 'd 
for all its drama tic perform ance, Fiesta was en i-
neered for comfort: its unique 4-pas enger de i n 
has created more back-sea t leg-room than ally 
other imported or domestic car of its kind. 

FRONT-WHEEL DRIVE TRACTION 
Fiesta has front-wheel drive, which helps give t Ie 
ca r good drive wheel traction- even on roads c( , -
ered with snow and ice. This, in addi tion to Fiest is 
MacPherson front su pen ion , rack and pini ,n 
steering, and Michelin radia l tires, contributes tl a 
solid feelin g of controlled action. 

And more : In Ford tests, Fiesta accelera l 'd 
from 0-50 M PH in an average of 8.8 seconds (l I 
for California emissions equipped models). 

EASY TO SERVICE 
Fiesta was engineered to be simple and easy 10 
service- an important benefit for fo reign (I r 
buyers. Owners wi ll appreciate its highly acCt -
si ble transverse mounted engin e. And see-throu ;h 
con tainers for checking fluid levels in bamry. 
cooling sys tem, brake a nd wa her reservoirs . 

The new Fiesta is available from more th In 
5,000 authorized Ford Dealers across America. 
single test drive ca n . how y-o u wh it's Europ~' 
most successful new cur in h' · y. 
PicllIred ahove: wndard instrumentation of Ihe 
Fiesta port. Opposite pal!,e IIpper left: Ikrsatile 
rear halcli gale of Ihe Fiesla Chiao 

46 MPG t t t.'I'A e!I/IIIOIt' . YOllr /IIi/eGg" HWY IIIl!" "af! ' depclldlllli Oil YOllrcar'1 
34 MPG+ ('(III dillllll , oplionlll eqllip lllen i. "here & hIJ'" \'IJ/I drive. Cali/or· CITY 11/11 rllllllgr are 101l'1'r. 

-$-3--6-8-0--t -1 tt I]ase P,e.!1lI (sho",,, "liltl) Slicker P""" nc/lldlllg /{/\ I!.!. 11111'. desl/ ' 
, "arum ( hClr~es. 



continued/rom pOKe II 
beings have survived for mo t of our 
million or so years on earth. During 
famines we live off the energy stored 
on our bodie - glycogen for short-
term food shortage of a day or so, 
and fat for long-term hortages. Dur-
ing fea ts we accumulate glycogen 
and fat. You can't see glycogen , but 
you can certainly see most of the fat -
a double chins, flapping upper arms, 
and protruding breasts , bellies and 
buttocks. 

Excess calories add up, day by day 
and month by month . Small deposits 
of fat become large one . It is ea y to 
accumulate fat when you r most rigor-
ou physical activity i eating. And 
even if you are somewhat active, it' 
harder to burn off calories through 
exercise than it is to put them on by 
eating. Each pound of fat repre ents 
3,500 calories, usuall y accumulated 
over a long period of overeating time. 
You only burn up 100 calories by 10 
minutes of jogging, 12 minute of 
swim ming, 15 minutes of bicycli ng or 
19 minute of walking. 

You can lose weight far more 
quickly and more certainly by not 
eati ng 100 ca lories . If you do that 
every day, you will have a weekly 
deficit of 700 ca lories. In five weeks 

you will have lost a pound because of 
your 3,500-calorie deficit. 
How To Construct Your Personal 
Diet Plan 

If you have dieted before, you 
probably know there is a long-
standing debate between the low-
calorie dieters and the low-carbohy-
drate camp. Let it besaid once and for 
all that the only way to lose weight is 
to reduce calories. If you eat mostly 
protein and fat - as the low-carbohy-
drate proponent in truct - you will 
only lose weight ifthe calories are few. 
What protein you don't need right 
away i converted to carbohydrate, 
and excess carbohydrate become fat 
to be sto red . 

Any effective diet plan will mean 
reducing calorie, and those calories 
should be distributed among protein , 
carbohydrate and fat in a balanced 
way. To start , yo u first need to know 
how many calories a day to eat. To 
estimate thi total , mUltiply your 
desi red weight by 12. You probably 
know what weight makes you look 
a nd feel good, but if not , consult a 
standard height-weight chart. The 12 
represents the number of calories 
you'll need to maintain a pound of 
body weight every day. This a sumes 

FAST-FOOD NUTRITION: HOW IT ADDS UP 

McDonald's 
2 hamburgers , fries, shake 
Big Mac, fries, shake 
Big Mac 
Quarter pounder 
Hamburger 
French fries 
Chocolate shake 
Burger King 
Whopper, fries, shake 
Whopper 
Whopper, Jr . 
Double hamburger 
Hamburger 
French fries 
Chocolate shake 
Pizza Hut 
10·in. Supreme (cheese, tomato 
sauce, sausage, pepperoni , 
mushrooms, etc.) 
10·in. pizza (cheese) 
Arthur Treacher's 
2·piece dinner (fish, chips, slaw) 
3·piece dinner (fish, chips, slaw) 
Kentucky Fried Chicken 
3-piece dinner (chicken, potatoes, 
roll , slaw) 
Dairy Queen 
4-oz. serving 
Arby's 
Sliced beef sand ., 2 potato 
patties, slaw, shake 

CALORIES 

1030 
1100 

550 
420 
260 
180 
315 

1200 
630 
285 
325 
230 
220 
365 

1200 
1025 

900 
1200 

1000 

180 

1200 

PROTEIN 
(grams) 

40 
40 
21 
25 
14 

3 
9 

40 
29 
16 
24 
14 

2 
8 

72 
65 

25 
55 

55 

5 

37 

--

FAT 
(grams) 

37 
41 
32 
19 

9 
10 
8 

47 
35 
15 
15 
10 
12 

8 

35 
23 

45 
64 

55 

6 

40 

CARBO 
(grams) 

135 
143 
45 
37 
30 
20 
51 

147 
50 
21 
24 
21 
10 
65 

152 
140 

99 
101 

71 

27 

166 

an urban sedentary-type life style . If 
you're moderately active physIcally, 
use 15. If you are a real jock, or do 
heavy manual work , you can use a 
higher figure of 18 or more. 

To maintain my 150 pounds, for 
instance, I need to eat ISO x 12 or 1,800 
calories a day. Let's say I want to lose 
two pounds of fat a week. If one 
pound of fat equals 3,500 calories, I 
must eat a deficit of 7,000 calories 
over seven days . I can do this byeating 
I ,000calories less a day (7 days x 1,000 
calories = 7,000 calories a week) . 

Subtracting 1,000 from 1,800gives 
me 800 calorie, the amount I should 
be eating every day until I get to that 
ideal weight. Two pounds a week i 
about all you hould expect to lose. 
The American Medical Association 
ays "it i usually unwi e to try to lose 

more than two pounds per week 
because rapid weight loss may lea ve 
you tired , grumpy and vulnerable to 
illness." 

In addition to counting the number 
of calories you eat, yo u need to be ure 
you're getting certain amounts of 
protei n, ca rbohydra te and fat. There 
are four calories in every gra m of 
protein and in every gram of ca rbo-
hydrate; the re are nine calories in 
eve ry gram of fat. 

Following the Select Committee's 
guidelines, 12 percent of a balanced 
diet should be protein. Twelve per-
cent of 800 calories is 96; divided by 
four calorie per gram mean I can eat 
24 grams of protein each da y. If 
carbohydrate makes up the reco m-
mended 5 percent of my diet, I can 
ea t 116 gram of starches and sugars 
(58 percent of 800 calories is 464; 
divided by four calorie per gram is 
116 grams). Fat, at 30 percent of the 
diet, comes to 26.6 grams (30 percent 
of 800 calories is 240; divided by nine 
calories per gram is 26.6 grams). M y 
diet plan now looks like this: 
Protein . 24 gram, 
C'arbohydrate . 116 gram, 
Fal. 26.6 gra m, 

96 cal. ( 12('() 
464 cal. (SW'}) 
240 cal. norD 

look up foods and figure out how to 
pend tho e grams and calorie. You 

will soon see that there are very few 
food s which are pure protein or pure ' 
carbohydrate. Most food are mix-
ture of these two, plu fat. There are 
also totally fat foods, uch as butter, 
margarine, lard and alad oils. . 

Get a copy of the Nutritive Value of , 
Foods from the U.S. Government : 
Printing Office, Washington, D . . 
20402 for 85 cents. Another good 
reference is Jean Carper's The Brand 

10 Diets 
Good and Bad 

arne utrition Counter (Bantam, 
$1. 95). 

You'll find that a cup of cottage 
cheese costs yo u 233 calorie, for 
which you get 28.6 gram of protein , 
6. 1 gram of carbohydrate and 8.8 
grams of fat. 

A cup of plain yogurt i 125 
calories, which yields eight grams of 
protein , 13 grams of carbohydrate I 
and four grams of fat. 

/./ D iets can come in somee oticforms and make wildl incrediblecl~im a nd who 
I are we to re~ist th~ plan that lets us eat ordrink all we w.a nt ofa parllc.~larfood and 

still lose weight qUickly. effortle~sl an~ without a ny f~eh ngsof hung~r. Mo t people 
find it difficult to pass up the quick-welght-Io s p ron:"sesofthefa~ diets forthe mo re 

tediou~ progra ms of count ing calories. but the fact IS only fe~ diet plans work well 
over the long run a nd the fad diets are not a mong them. Here IS a look at 10 po pular 
diet pla ns with a discussion of why they d o or do not work . 

A cup of canned beans with sliced 
frankfurter is 365 ca lories, which 
gives 19 grams of protein, 32 grams of , 
ca rbohydrate and 18 grams of fat. 

Now, if you live in a dorm or hou e 
and get your meal there, you prob-
ably can't make upthe menu . Butall is 
not lost. You can select from what is 
offered. That includes not eating 
dishes, such asdesserts . lf youcan,get 
a copy of each week's menu plan , 
analyze the meals in advance and pick 
and choose in cool deliberation, rather 
than in the heated temptation of the 
food line. Also, if you ask, your 
kitchen may pre pare low-ca lori e 
dishe . If you cook for yourself or ea t 
out, yo u can exercise complete con-
trol of your diet. And if yo u're in the 
habit offrequenting fast-food chains, 
we've included an analysis of what is 
served· there . 

You may be thinking by now that 
thi s do-it-yourse lf diet is too hard to 
do. Far ea ier, you may think , to ' 
simply swallow liquid protein , or 
follow Atkins o r Stillman, or simply 
fa st. 

Wrong. 
For a sve lte figure, you need some-

thing that will not only get yo ur 
weight down, but keep it down . That 
requires a way of ea ting you can 
follow the rest of your life. Stay away 
from any diet that is not well-rounded . 
A vegetarian diet is okay, if you know 
howto mix the proteins. Butdiets that 
are no-ca rbohydrate , or onl mea t-
a nd-fi sh, or high-fat are all dan-
gc rous. The best diet is one that limit 
your ca lories while maintaining a 
balanced com bination of protei n, 
ca rbohydratc and fat. 0 

Theodore Berland, a jrequelll lec-
turer on dieting, is the author of 10 
hooks, including Ratingthc Dietsand 
The Acupuncture D iet. 

Fasting. Ma ny peo ple think fasting is the quickest way to lose weight . and it is true 
tha t o rne very overweight peo ple ca n lose as much as one pound a day on a doctor-
super ised fast. Any fast beyond a day or two ca n be dangerous. h ~weve r . and even 
those first few days will be uncomfortable people report feeling hungry and 
lis tless and often complain of accompanyi ng headache. 

len Macrobiotic Diet. T his phony. dangerous diet has not hin.g t~ do with Zen 
Buddhism. Invented by the late George <?hsa~a. the ,!!a.cro blOllc diet pro~resses 
through six increasingly severe stages. the fll1~1 diet c~nslstmg of only brown. r~ce and 
tea. Frederick J . Stare. M. 0 .. of Harvard OI verslty s Department of ut.ntlon has 
ca lled it " the most dangerous fad diet a ro und" because it lacks most vltamms as well 
as the cri tica ll y neces a ry mineral. iron . 

l.iquid or Powdered rrotein Diets. T his fa? s ta~ted as a beauty-shop diet 
marketed as aturSlim. a powder you add to skim n:tllk for breakfast and lunch. 
When you add a spa rse dinner. you ea t about 750calonesaday. !hen~~me r:he Las! 
ChallC'e Diet by Dr. Robert Linn and Sandra Lee Stua~t and .hq.uld predlge te~ 
protei n. Pmlillll . o riginally sold o nl y to d oc~o~s . ~ow It and Imltator.s .are sold 10 
drug sto res. While it ca n take weight off fa st . It IS neither complete nutnllon nor the 
so rt of food you can live on for long. 

Dr. Atkins' Super Energy Diet . This is a n ex tension of the ea rlier Dr. A.t~i~~' Diet 
Rel'lJlutioll which lets you ea t as much protein a nd .fat as you want bu~ 100tI~lIy no 
carbo hyd rate. T his high-pro tei n diet puts your body mt~a. tate o~ketosls .. whlchcan 
be da ngerous to diabetic a nd hard on the kidney . The 100IIai weight loss IS mo tlr a 
lo~s of bod y water. and eliminating carbohydrate mak es mo t people feel lethargic. 

Dr. Stillman's Quick Weight Loss. He may be dead . but his poul,try. fi sh. ch~ese 
a nd eggs diet lives on. It is ca lled the "water diet:' beca usey?u mu~t dnnkat·lea t eight 

gla sse~ of water a day to nush o ut your kidneys . It I bas.lcally anot~e~ I?w-
ca rbo hvdrat e diet that has the sa me risks and pro blems offatlgue as Atkm diets 
a bovc .. 

I.ow-C'arbohydrale Diets. You can reali7e ~eight .10 s by a sensi ble co,!!bination 
of ca loric-counting a nd low-ca rbo hydrate ea t mg. First . your total calones sho~ld 
not exceed the number necessa ry to lose weight. Then. in distributing tho e calones 
among protei n. carbohydrate a nd fat .. allot 50 but not more than 60 gra~s. to 
carbo hydrate: limit yo~r fat co ~s~l mptlOn t.o under 30 grams: and the remammg 
ca lories sho uld be protem. You r 100IIaiioss Will be water. but after several weeks, ou 
will ,ee real weight los~ . 

HiRh-Fiber Diets. Accordi ng to propon~nt s. if yo'! load your diet with .hig~- fiber 
food, which include cert ain egeta bles. fruit s a nd gra ms unprocessed miller bran 
supposed ly bei ng the best source thi will speed digested foods t.hrough y?ur 
intestines a nd thus mini mile the c.ha nce your body has to a~sorb ca !?ne-co~ .. ammg 
nutrient s. Nomense. But ,uch diets do fill . ou up a nd give au regular bowel 
movements. 

Acupuncture Diel. rhe in tern a l organs have essential nerves which form 
hranche, that emerge under the skin in different part of the ~ody . cu puncture 
stimula tes these nerve branches. ~end ing signa ls t~rough th~ maIO nervetoth~organ 
ilself. Acupuncture annot cau~e o u to lose weight : ~ut II ca n control feehngs of 
hunger. rrca tments arc u,ua ll performed by a ph sician. 

Ve~el.ri.n Diet . Yo u ca n lose weight ~nd keep it off b gi ing up meat. But you 
ha e to know how to mix egetahle protems(suchas nceand beans, or peanut butter 
a nd bread). and be sure ou get Vitamin BI2 to ta healthy. 

OPS. Weicht W.tchers, Di~t ~ork ho~. O\'~re.len Anonymous. All oft~ese 
diet groups can help ou pro Idmg ou stick ~lth them. T~e offer the .be t diet , 
the best advi eand the best support from fellowdleters . TherCi. an evangelical. fervor 
at man of their meetings, hut the person who is secure enough to e.e the p.ralse and 
criticism for what it is namely, reinforcement to keep to our diet Will not be 
turned off by the theatriC\. 

INSIDER 15 



• growing number of young people are looking 
A for ways to feel more at home inside their 
bodies. This has triggered a new surge of interest in 
exploring both ancient Eastern disciplines and 
newer Western methods of working with the body. 
These systems are often grouped under the um-
brella term of "sen ory awareness" - the process of 
tuning in to the body's needs and sensations. 

As many experts tell it, our emotions, attitudes 
and past experiences are all linked to phy ical 
responses in the body. Often, we ignore the e body 
me ages until serious illness or breakdown occurs. 
It's as if the body and the mind were tied together by 
a fragile cord and slowly wandering in opposite 
directions. Eventually, the body yanks on that cord 
with a sharp dose of pain or disease to finally grab 
the mind' attention . Sensory awareness systems 
aim to avoid these crisis messages by keeping mind 
and body in constant communication. The idea is to 
help the body put through a continuou flow of 
signals about its need for food, rest and exercise-
while the mind sends back its own signals to control 
the body' functions and stir up new reserves of 
strength and energy . 

Because the vast majority of these methods are 
rooted in centuries-old Chinese, Japanese and 
Indian philosophie , thesameba ictechnique tend 
to surface again and again. For instance, deep 
breathing, stretching exercises and mental concen-
tration to relax variou body parts are techniques 
used in dozens of body ystems. Overall , these 
system tend to fall into several di stinct categories 
of body-working mt;thods from massage to mar-
tial arts. Here's a microview of some of the most 
popular approaches to bringing mind and body 
back together: 

Movement 
BIOENE RGETICS. Alex-
ander Lowen based his 
bioenergetics system on 
the theories of psycholo-
gist Wilhelm Reich. Reich 
believed that in growing 
up each person develops a 
"character armor" of past 
experiences which are 
reflected in hi postures 
and movements. This 
means that pa t trauma s 
and frustrations remain 
locked up in the body, 
preventing free and easy 
movement. Lowen de-
ve loped a series of 
exercise to break down 
this character armor. For 
example. arching the body 

in forward and backward 
bows is used to bring new 
awarene of sensations. 
while deep breathing and 
body tremor release ten-
sion . Lowen also used a 
series of sharp. active 
movements such as strik-
ing a bed or couch and 
kicking or flailing with the 
arms. These actions help 
the person recall his 
childish ability to abandon 
himself to movement and 
release emotions physi-
cally instead of keeping 
them bottled up inside. 

Since Lowen first de-
veloped his methods. the 
term bioenergetics has 
been broadened to include 
a variety of approaches, 

from movement by the 
individual to manipula-
tion of t he body by a 
trainer or healer. How-
ever, the major goal 
remain the ame to 
unblock tensions and 
patterns of behavior which 
interfere with the free , 
open use of the body. 
FUN TIONAL INTE-
GRATION. This move-
ment system, invented by 
physicist Moshe Felden-
krais, concentra tes on 
controlling body functions 
and alleviating stress. 
More than a thousand 
elaborate exerci es, each 
with approximately 40 
variations. are designed to 
help the student develop 
preci e awarene of the 
operation of his body. He 
learns how to monitor the 
flexing of hi muscles. 
control hi breathing and 
feel many other body 
function . The aim. ac-
cording to Feldenkrai . is 
to organi7e your own 
body to work with 
minimum effort and maxi-
mum efficiency. 

Most of the exercises 
are performed laying down. 
A tudent typically begins 
his session by checking 
where and how various 
parts of his body touch the 
floor. From here, exercises 
are done slowly, with no 
straining or effort. Some 
movements are performed 
totally in ide the mind, 
like a mental rehearsal of 
activity. Tho e who have 
tried the method report 
heightened awarene s of 
body functions and elimi-
nation of tifr. tight 
muscle . It's also pos ible 
to relieve a lot of your 
anxiety about future event 
by using the technique of 
mentally performing things 
ahead oftime. 
YOGA. Yoga, a Hindu 
di cipline which date 
back to prehi toric limes, 
is probably the world' 
oldest system of phy ical 
and mental development. 

The word yoga means 
"union"- the linking of 
mental and phy ical energy 
with prana, the univer al 
life force. The unusual 
contortions most often 
associated with yoga are 
actually part of one 
branch of the discipline 
called Hatha yoga. Hatha 
yoga combines a number 
of postures, or a anas, 
with pranayamas, or 

Peeling hod: 
16 Ways To Get in Touch with Your Body l 

INSIDER 17 



breathing techniques, to 
promote relaxed concen-
tration a nd a flow of 
energy through the body. 

Most Hatha yoga classes 
teach about 12 to 15 
postures which are per-
formed sitting, standing or 
lying down. The asanas 
emphasize the spinal cord, 
which according to an-
cient philosophy, contains 
the seven chakras, or 
essential psychic energies. 
Each posture is supposed 
to stretch- but not strain-
the body, and students 

/ 

18 INSIDER 

learn to assume many of 
these positions for ex-
tended periods of time as 
an aid to concentration . 
Few muscles are left 
untouched as the body is 
limbered and relaxed. 

ZEN SPORTS. Zen and 
yoga concepts of relaxed 
concentration have fil-
tered through to the 
sweaty world of tennis and 
other Western sports. A 
leading guru here is Tim 
Gallwey, author of The 
Inner Game of Tennis. In 
his tennis clinic, Gallwey 
tries to get his pupils to 
take their conscious, criti-
cal selves off the front 
lines and let their inner 
selves take over. 

In brief, the main idea i 
this: the harder you try, 
the less effecti 'cl you 
perform. Your inner, 
nonverbal, instinctual self 
knows better than your 
nervous, nagging, con-
scious mind how to field 
that ball. Gallwey teaches 
a series of exercises 
designed to release this 
instinctual response and 
let the tennis player move 
without constantly moni-
toring, criticizing and 
worrying about his next 
action. 

A similar approach 
appears in Eugene Her-
rigel's Zen and the Art of 
Archery, in which the 
student must struggle to 
let "it"- his in tinct-
hoot the arrow straight. 

A scientific explanation of 
this mystical-sounding 
process is that this 
technique quiets the ver-
bal, critical right-hand 
side of the brain, allowing 
the nonverbal left side 
which u ually guides body 
movement to take over 
and control your play. 

HIATSU. Shiatsu , 
which literally means 
"finger pressure" is a 
Japane e method of mas-
sage ba ed on the fact that 
when you experience pain, 
the instinctual respon e i 
to rub the place that hurts . 

hiatsu pecialists explain 
that the body manu-
facture energy to contract 
the rnu cle by converting 

nutrient'i into glycogen 
and combining this with 
oxygen. This produce a 
residue of lactic acid, 
which can accumulate in 
muscle during time of 
fatigue to cre~te improper 
muscle contractions and 
illness. Shiatsu finger 
pressure on an improperly 
contracted muscle can 
upposedly cause mo t of 

this lactic acid build-up to 
convert to glycogen-
eliminating the painful 
contraction. 

Shiatsu uses the thumbs, 
finger and palm of the 
hands. Treating a specific 
illness usually requires 
pre sure at some point 
near the body part that's 
ailing. Sometimes, how-
ever, pressure is applied to 
di tant area; pressure on 
the oles of the feet may be 
u ed to relieve kidney 
problems, while pressure 
on the left hand is 
supposed to strengthen the 
heart. Each pressure lasts 
only a few seconds and 
usually produces a sensa-
tion midway between 
pleasure and pain. 

DO' IN. Do'in is self-
massage, an ancient method 
of diagnosing and quick-
curing body ill which 
tarted as a secret teaching 

in the Orient. Do'in 
teaches that the univer al 
energy force called the ki 
is received at various 
pressure points along your 
body. When you're at the 
peak of health, ki is 
circulating freely; when an 
organ malfunctions, ki is 
not properly distributed 
and points along the body 
become painful. Gentle 
Do'in massage u e deep, 
sustained pre sure with 
the flat surface of the 
thumb in a circular 
rotation to release ac-
cumulated energy at pres-
sure point and get it 
flowing smoothly through 
the body. 

Practice of Do'in en-
courages students to be-
come fully attuned to 
minor body dy functions 
before they become major 
one . his di cipline of 
self-awarenes eventually 
becomes econd nature, 
leading the individual to 
eat more sensibly and 

behave in way that are 
less stressful to the body. 
REFLEXOLOGY. A We t-
ern cousin of shiatsu and 
Do'ln, reflexology con-
centrates its mas age tech-
niques on the sole of the 
feet. According to this 
theory, nerve endings in 
the feet correspond to the 
10 different zones of the 
body which contain vari-
ous organs. With several 
econds of pre ure to the 

correlating point on the 
sole of the feet , pain in a 
malfunctioning organ can 
be relieved . With con-
tinuing regular use of 
reflexology, problem can 
be spotted and treated 
before a seriou mal-
function can surface. 

Different amounts of 
pres ure are suppo ed to 
produce different reac-
tion . The overall goals of 
the treatment are to relax 
nerve tension, increase 
circulation of t he blood 
and lymphatic sy tern , and 
help the body throw off 
the various poi ons it 
accumulates through daily 
living. 
RO LFING. It' not easy 
to believe, but more than 
30,000 people have paid 
about $40 a se sion to be 
pulled, stretched, even 
tormented by rolfing mas-
seurs. Developed by Dr. 
Ida Rolf and based on the 
theories of Wilhelm Reich, 
rolfing breaks down "char-
acter armor" with deep-
muscle massage that can 
often be extremely painful. 

The idea i that through 
thi process you re-
experience material from 
your past that has been 
tying you in knot - a bit 
like having your life flash 
before your eye. Once 
experienced, those anxie-
ties are upposedly gone 
for good, leaving the body 
100 e, alive and ready for 
new encounter . 

Legitimate rolfing mas-
eur generally have a 

good working knowledge 
of human anatomy and 
are trained to know where 
the proce s will help and 
where it will do enou 
damage to body ti sue. 
That' why it's always 
important to choose a 
killful practitioner. 

Coordinating 
Mind/Body 
Signals 
RELAXATION R E-

PONSE. Dr. Herbert 
Benson' concept of the 
"relaxation response" is 
de igned to provide every-
day relief for the anxieties 
of our achievement-ori-
ented, hyped-up, pre sure-
ridden ociety. Ten ion or 
tress produce a "fight or 

flight" respon e in the 
body originally designed 
to help primitive man fight 
off saber-toothed tigers 
and related problems. In 
our modern, highly stress-
ful society, that respon e is 
produced so often that it 
causes illnes and disease . 
According to Benson, 
each of us also po esse a 
natural mechanism which 
allows u to turn off thi 
fight or flight re pon e and 
its harmful effects. 

To produce the relaxa-
tion re ponse, Ben on 
uggests that the indi-

vidual pick a calm, quiet 
environment, kick off his 
hoes, 100 en any ti,ght 

clothing and sit in a 
comfortable chair. He 
should then let the mind 
float along, refu ing to 
focus in on any noi es or 
other distractions. The 
next step i to repeat a 
calming mental device-
uch as a word, phrase, 

prayer or meaningless 
sound - spoken ilently in 
the mind or in a low, 
gentle tone with each 
exhalation . Practicing thi 
respon e for 10 to 20 
minute a day can re ult in . 
decreased oxygen con-
sumption, lower blood 
pressure, lower heart rate 
and an all-over ense of 
well-being. This exercise i 
essentially a form of 
meditation. Packaged some-
what differently, it' also 
practiced by tudents of 
Tran cendental Meditation 
and Zen Buddhi m. 

HRONOBIO LOGY. 
Mo t people operate on 
ome type of cyclic 

pattern - eating, leeping, 
working and playing on a 
regular schedule. We be-
come more aware of thi if 
we uddenly upset the 

pattern by taking a jet trip 
or taying up too late. 
Now there's a good deal of 
clinical evidence that the 
pattern goe a whole lot 
deeper: temperature, heart-
beat, blood pre ure, cell 
division and other body 
function apparently re-
spond to definite set of 
rhythms. hort-term rhythms 
with a cycle of90 to 100 
minutes are called u/tra-
dian rhythm , and rhythm 
repeated with a 24-hour 
period are called circadian . 

Chronobiologists believe 
that awarenes of your 
own pecific and per onal 
biorhythms can help ex-
plain why you are up 
ometime for no apparent 

reason and down at other 
times. More importantly, 
it can help you plan your 
per onal chedule in order 
to work, study and rest at 
the most efficient time. 
At the moment , no one i 
quite sure what control 
the intensity and duration 
of biorhythms. However. 
you can roughly chart 
your own pattern by 
keeping a physiological 
record for a few weeks. 
noting variations in uch 
things a temperature, 
mood. energy or sleepi-
nes . You can then u e 
these note to work out 
your own best daily 
schedule. 
INTENS IVE J O UR NAL 
T H ERAPY. Dr. Ira Pro-
goff has developed I nten-
ive Journal Workshops 

which place special em-
pha i on what he call 
"dialog with the body." 
According to Progoff, our 
emotion , hopes and deep 
inner experiences are 
connected in our mind 
with body movements . 
Participant .in hi work-
hops Ii t .. tepping tone" 

memorie of the body uch 
a being tos ed in the air 
by a playful father , 
looking up at a tall adult 
and thinking how mall 

ou are, running in the 
now, playing game, 

breaking a leg, eeing a 
un et, dancing, s\ eating, 
wimming, fighting, making 

love or climbing a 
mountain. 

The tudent i taught to 
see hi bod a an inner 
pcr on who receive the e 

experience . By carrying 
on a mental dialog with 
this inner person and 
keeping a written record 
of the conversation , the 
tudent get ome insight 

into hi own feeling about 
hi body. 
BIO FEEDBACK. This is 
a technological an wer to 
getting in touch with your 
body. The method use 
variou machines to feed a 
ubject biological infor-

mation about his mu cle 
ten ion. heartbeat, blood 
pre sure- even his brain 
wave. U ing this infor-
mation, the individual i 
trained to mentally direct 
his mu cle or body 
function to relax or 
perform more efficiently. 

Biofeedback training has 
been u ed to regulate 
hypertension, help people 
enter different tate of 
con ciou ne s and even re-
train damaged nerve sy -
tems. A muscle often used 
in biofeedback i the 
frontall muscle in the 
forehead. A subject is 
hooked up to a machine 
which mea ure tension in 
this mu cle and gives 
visual or audible signal to 
relax . With the help of this 
preci e, in tantaneou in-
formation, you can be 
trained to mentally con-
trol your own tension level 
more quickly than you 
could without mechanical 
monitoring. imilar train-
ing is now used to improve 
athletic kills . 

Martial Arts 
T'AI H I CH'VAN. Tai 
chi ch'uan, ometime 
called "Meditation in 
Motion," is an ancient 
y tern of health-gi ing 

exerci e rooted in Chinese 
religiou teachings. Liter-
ally translated as "the 
ultimate principle," it 
plays out the hine e Yin-
Yang concept of balance 
between oppo ing force 
with the low, continuou 
hift of b d weight from 

one leg to another. 
Tai chi look like a 

graceful, effortle ballet. 
e pe iall if you wat h a 
cla mo ing through the 
forms in unison . Although 
orne t'ai chi style can bc 

u ed r r ombat at 

advanced levels, the disci-
pline i most often 
practiced for exerci e and 
relaxation . There are 128 
movements, traditionally 
practiced at dawn and 
du k. Many carry exotic 
name uch as "White 
Snake Sticks Out Tongue" 
or "Golden Cock tands 
on One Leg." An abbr -
via ted version of the e 
movements is performed 
by million each day in the 
Peoples' Republic of China. 
The exercise , which are a 
whole lot harder than they 

INSIDER 



look, stre s balance and 
slow, fl uid motion. It 
takes everal months to 
learn the shortest et of 
movements and many 
yea r to master the 
technique. 

A related practice is 
kung fu, which is actually 
a Chinese term for any 
form of task or exercise. 
The martial art known a 

20 INSIDER 

kung fu to Westerner u e 
circular motions similar to 
t'ai chi forms but delivered 
with much greater speed 
and force , and directed 
against an opponent. 
Students of kung fu learn 
to lunge for the vulnerable 
spots on the opponent's 
bod y a they strengthen 
their own pressure points 
and sharpen their reflexes. 
Punches, kick and block 
are practiced in dance-like 
et . ome kung fu tyle 
uch a the Eagle Claw 

teach sc ratching and goug-
ing techniques, while others, 
like the Northern Praying 
Mantis, teach wordplay 
and quarterstaff combat. 
Like t'ai chi, the art ta kes 
many yea rs to lea rn . 
JUJIT U AND JUDO. 
About 500 year:; go in 
feudal Japan, samurai 
warriors perfected jujitsu 
into an empty-handed 
form of combat. Literally 
translated a "gentleness 
practice," jujitsu was first 
u ed in battle and later 
taught as a character-
building discipline which 
fused mental concentra-
tion with physical force. 
The art of judo, an 
offshoot of jujitsu, wa 
developed in the 19th 
century as a competitive 
port. Later on, a hybrid 

of judo, jujitsu and other 
martial art s forms was 
introduced in the United 

tates as Kodenkan jujitsu, 
which is taught today. 

I n both judo and jujitsu, 
the tudent advances through 
a system of colored belts -

white for beginners through 
black for expert . A white-
belt tudent pend a lot of 
time learning to fall down, 
with the sharp mack of 
the arm again t the mat to 
break his fall. Graceful 
body rolls bring him up 
again into a combat 
tance. Grappling, throw-

ing and escape techniques 
are taught with quick , 
fluid movement . Mo t 
tudents of judo and 

j ujit u ay they gradually 
develop more flex ibility 
and quicker reflexe . 
KA RATE. After World 
War II , G I's brought the 
Okinawan art of karate to 
the United States . As in 
jujitsu, judo, and aikido, 
karate student dress in 
the white pajama- like gi 
and work up through a 
ranking system of colored 
belt . Ea ier to learn than 
other Oriental martial 
arts, karate u e harp 
kicks and punche de-
signed to strike and retrea t 
in a si ngle motion . Unlike 
the circular forms of kung 
fu or the wedging and 
grappling techniques of 
j ujitsu , karate stresses 
straight , rigid blo ws which 
emphasize speed and bal-
a nce. A bellowing "kiai" 
so und accompanie a blow 
to clear the diaphragm 
and summon extra force 
to the attack. 

Karate movements are 
practiced in dance-like set 
ca lled katas. In common 
with all the Oriental 
martial arts , the coordi-
nation of mind and bod y 

-=-LU 
is e pecially important. .• I! 
The student i often taught 
to concentrate on "seeing 
through" an object, imag-
ining hi hand or foot 
making co ntact and pass-
ing through that object. 

Because it only takes a 
few month to learn the 
basics, karate is sometimes 
u ed as a self-defense tool. 
However, most expert 
agree that unle yo u' re 
very proficient, you houldn't 
rely on karate to ave you 
from an attacker. The art 
is mo t u eful a a way of 
developing trength , power 
and co ntrol over the body. 
AIKIDO. Aikido, in-
vented about 30 yea rs ago 
in J a pan , i proba bly the 
most nonviolen t of all the 
Oriental martia l art . 
Rather than u e force 
again t an a ttacker, the 
stud ent is trained to en e 
the direction of a n 
o pponent' force and u e 
that momentum to throw 
him off balance. 

Aikido is usually ta ught 
in pa irs. Students lunge 
a nd parry in quick , ci rcula r 
movements, using deft 
twists and dodges to avoid 
the impact of a n attack . 
Aikido mea ns "way of 
ha rmonizi ng with the 
spirit of the universe," a nd 
teachers say it graceful , 
y ielding movements help 
stud ents react more ca lmly 
to any form of stress or 
tension . Like mo t martial 
arts, ai kido ta kes a lot of 
time to maste r, but nerve 
conditioning benefits often 
show up ve ry quickly . 0 

This article was prepared with the assistance of athaniel Lande and Afton lade. 
author and ('hie/researcher o/M indstyles / Life tyles(Price/ Stern / loan. 1976. $7.95). 

A Reading List 
• Benson, Herbert, The Relaxation 

Response. ( ew York , A vo n, 1976, $ 1.95) . 
Facts about stress a nd hypertension a re 
combined with simple techniqu es for daily 
meditation . 

• Brown, Ba rbara, Ne ..... Mind. elt' Bod\,. 
( ew York , Ba ntam, 1975, $2.50). Brow n 
draws o n her own experiments in biofeedback 
training to show how a n individua l can 
co ntrol a wide array of bod y function s, from 
muscle tensio n to brain waves. 

• Feldenkrais, Moshe, Awareness Through 
Movement. (New York, Harper a nd Row, 
1972, $6.95) . The author's Functional 
Integrat io n method for improvi ng posture 
and perso na l awa reness is co nd ensed int 12 
ea y-to-d o exercise lesso ns. 

• Gallwey, W. Timothy, The Inner Game (~r 
Tennis. ( ew York , Random House, 1974, 

7.95) . Gallwey explai ns his Zen-based theory 
of lettin g yo ur inner self tak e over on t he co urt. 

• Irwin, Yukik o, a nd J ames Wagenvoo rd , 
Slwit :u . ( ew York, Lippincott . 1976, 5.95) . 
T his fu ll y illustntted guide to shiatsu gives 
de tai led instru cti ons for massaging away 
physical disorders. 

• Lowen. Alexander. BioenergetiC's. (New 
Yo rk , Pengui n, 1976, $2.50). An in-depth 
sta tement of bioenergetic techniques which 
als tells how th e method ca n cure physica l 
ailments ranging from chr nic headaches to 
lower back pai n. 

• Progoff, I ra , A t a Journal Workshop. 
(New York , Dia logue House Library, 1975, 

12.50) . This i~ a ba"ic guid e to using the 
Int ensive J ournal. 

• Va n Ly~e beth , Andre, Yoga elf- Taught. 
( ew York , Ilarne~ and Noble, 197) , 2.95) . 
. t e p-by-~t c p in~tructions arc given to " a tha 
yoga po~ture~ a nd brea thin g technique .. 

Economy with kicks. 
Th 1978 Ford Pinto. 

Who said economy cars have to look cheap? 
Pinto is loaded with style - dazzling colors, options, and performance that really steps out. 

See your Ford Dealer for the economy car with kicks. 



·orePower 
to You! 
Beat Fatigue with This 
High-Energy Rx 

Diana Dynamo i the kind of 
per on who leap out of bed at 7 a.m ., 
jumps into the showel. and po itive ly 
bounce into her o'clock cla . Aha, 
you say. a morning per on. Not so. 
piana Dynamo is a perpetual motion 
machine. all da y long. She is always 
bursting with energy, alive and ani-
mated , sparkling with wit and full of 
good cheer. Aseve ningfalls and other 
mortals are winding down , D . D . is 
just getting hel second wind . There's 

o much more to do supper, i itor 
to entertain. Frisbee or softball games 
before dark , plus homework . And in 
her pare time. D. D . manages to 
devour an average of three movie 
and two books every week . 

Where does she get all her energy, 
you wonder, as you drag out of bed , 
barely pull yo urse lf together and 
heave your bone-tired body to class? 

You may find thi ' hard to believe. 
but yo u probably have just a much 
energy as Diana Dynamo. The dif-
ference is that D.O. i maximizing her 
per onal energyupplie~ . 

You can u!>e your own energy 
resource to better advantage. too. 
The payoff is tremendous. When you 
drag, life drags: a good movie bore 

II 
you, lively book put yo u to sleep, 
gourmet food ta tes bland and your 
best friend s seem irrelevant. But when 
yo u feel energetic. life is fun for yo u 
and you arc fun for other~. 

onverting low-energy drag to high-
energy enjoyment is not as si mple as 
swallowing a pill or taking a patent 
medicine. Your pel:-,ollal energy i~ 
found, 01 lmt. in many different 

I a~rech of your life. 
To understand thi ~. vi~uali/e you r-

self as a whole ~ystem. Just as in an 
ecological life chain, evt.:, y part of 
yo ur system i~ interlocked with other 
parts. A change In one affect~ others. 
and not alway~ in obviou~ ways. It's 
prett y clear. for example. that getting 
less than three hour!> of ~leep will leave 
you Ie~s than peppy the nex t da y. But 
did you ever think that there could be 
a connection between fatigue and 
co ncerns about your love life? r that 
a change in eating habits could pos-
ibly make you feel leepy at odd 

times? 
The links of your system that affect J{ your energy level fall into three broad 

\ ~ 22 INSIDER 

component: the phys-
ical, the emotional and 
the attitudinal. Maxi-
mizing your personal 
energy mean bring-
ing all three compo-
nent · into harmony. 

1. Get Your Body 
in Good Working 
Order 

It' ea y to ee that 
your phy ical condi-
tion affects your e n-
ergy level in a multi-
tude of way . For in-
tance, doctors ay 

that the people who 
are most likely to report fatigue are 
the very fat and the very thin 
overea ters and undereaters . Over-
eating put extra weight on your 
frame, which increa es the burden on 
mu cles and organs and tends to wear 
them out fa ter. Undernourishment 
hort-change the system of its ba ic 

needs for daily functioning. Crash 
diets or occasional fa t can be physi-
cally exhausting simply because they 
don't provide the system with enough 
energy upply to keep it going normally. 

Quality cou nts as well as quantity. 
Junk food ca n provide quick burstsof 
energy. For more sustained efforts, 
though, such as a full day of attending 
classes or thinking through a term 
paper, your system needs protein and 
vitamin and minerals a nd all those 
other good nutrients . 

Sleep also has a direct effect on 
energy. You need some, though it's 
impossiblc to say how much is enough 
and how much i too much . Every-
one's sleep nceds arc different. To 
ga ugc what's proper for your system's 
necd s, somc ex perts suggest you keep 
a record of how much you sleep 
during a vacation period, when you're 
not tied down toa fixed scheduleoran 

in~i~tent alarm clock. 
Air is a body fuel that most people 

take for granted. It is cs~c ntialt o the 
workings of all the internal organs, 
particularly the heart and brain . 
Obviously you're getting enough air 
to live on, but increasing your air 
intake makes the body orga ns work 
better and increase!'. e nergy. 

One wa toenhanceyourairsupply 

/ 

is through the deep breathingroutines 
taught in yoga. Another way i exer-
cise. During a hard workout the bod y 
takes in more oxygen and circulates it 
through the blood stream rapidly. 

xercise requires you to expend energy. 
but it pa ys it back with intere t. You 
may feel "worn out" right after a hard 
runorafa t etoftennis.buttheextra 
oxygen will make you more alert and 
vi ta l for hours and will build up your 
total energy reserve. Many experts 
claim , in fact, that exercising is the 
single most beneficial thing you can 
do to beat fatigue . 

Some phy ical factor ca n drain off 
the ystem's energy upply. Drug use 
fall into this category. Even mild 
timulants such as caffeine and to-

bacco sap away energy. After pro-
ducing hort-term alertness, they let 
you down harder than they brought 
you up. The high of trongel timu-
lant , such as amphetamines, are 
always followed by a severe "crash ." 
What stim ulants do is agitate the 
nervous system, so that you use the 
same amount of energy in Ie s time. 
But they do not add extra energy to 
the ystem. 

Depressants, on the other hand, 
anestheti7e the nerve and reduce the 
sy tem's verall efficiency. Alcohol, 
sleeping pills and tranquili7er are all 
drains on your energy, as you' ll 
acknowledge if you recall our last 
hangovcr. 

2. Minimize the Effects of Emo-
tional train 

The physica l co mponent of energ 

is the most obvious, but often it is the 
least significant. Doctors estimate 
that four out of five patient who 
complain of fatigue are in fact com-
plaining about an emotional prob-
lem, not a physical one. 

Stress i a major factor . Stress is a 
necessary part of our lives and an 
important urvival mechani In, but 
often it i channeled de tructively into 
distress. 

Like your prehi to ric ancestors, 
you frequently respond to per onal 
threats or loss with the "fight or flight" 
re ponse- muscles tense, breath quick-
ens, the heart pounds and adrenalin 
ru hes into the bloodstream to pro-
vide extra trength. Unlike the cave 
dweller, you often have no outlet for 
this respon e- nowhere to run, no-
body to fight. So stress tay inside, 
wearing you down not only a fatigue 
but also as headaches, ulcer , a thma, 
low back pain and heart di ease. 

Anxiety i clo ely related to stress. 
Everyone experiences anxiety at some 
time. You worry about things ih the 
future, about what other people think 
of you, about whether you will uc-
ceed or fail, about how you mea ure 
up to other in look or abilitie (or 
energy level). about whether yo u are 
lovable and loving. Worryi ng take a 
lot of energ . You ma also feel it in 
uch ph ical form a nervou nes . 

in omnia, irritabilit , lack of con-
centration or exual d sfunction . 

When anxiety turn into feeling of 
fru tration or futilit , the re ult is 
another emotional energy drain , de-
pres ion . Depre ion rna tem fr m 

your attempts to lead 
an independent adult 
life, to be a good 
tudent , to be a ocial 

succe , to live up to 
other people' expec-
tations. When you feel 
helples and worthless 
and lonely and beat~, 
you al 0 feel ex-
hau ted. Depression 
often is manife t a a 
10 of intere t in any 
activity,lo of appe-
tite, headache, sleep-
Ie ne or nausea . 

The emotional com-
ponent of fatigue doe 
not lend it elf to quick 
fixes and in tant cure 
(though some suffer-
er turn to drugs with 
exactly that in mind). 
But there are a few 
thing that you can do 
to help relea e the 
energy you are in-
ve ting in tre ,worry 
and feeling blue. 

One is exercise. 
Stress that has no outlet leaves behind 
tense muscles, high blood pre sure 
and shortnes of breath. Exercise 
releases the "fight or flight" mecha-
nism as it was intended to be re-
leased- fleeing down the cinder track, 
beating a tenni ball' brains out , 
taking a punching bag to lunch. 
swimming, or whatever happen to be 
your favorite vigorou activity. Exer-
cise drains ten ion from the muscle 
and acts a a oothingtranquili7er(in 
addition to re toring alertne s a 
mentioned earlier) . 

It also takes care of the high blood 
pressure and shortne s of breath, if 
you exercise regularly enough to 
build up your heart and lungs. (Thi is 
covered in more detail in thearticleon 
page 4 .) 

Another way to counter tress is 
through relaxation . Deep relaxation 
techniques, uch a tho e t,\ught in 
yoga and Transcendental Meditation, 
turn off t he "fight or flight" re ponse 
by quieting the nervous tern that 
triggered the response. At the same 
time, relaxation allows your mind a 
break . By taking a few minutes to let 
your mind go blank. you can relea e 
the energy that ou were pending 
dealing with worr and depre sion. 
Practitioner of all the rela ation 
technique claim the gain renewed 
alcrtne a well a physical rc ' t. 

3. Get Totally Involved in What 
You Do 

The third component of per onal 
energ ,attitude , i probabl the most 
crucial. It fall into place. h wever. 

only if the physical and emotional 
component are in hape. It is attitude 
which eparates the Diana Dynamo 
of thi world from the re t of u . They 
always seem to be having fun. E en 
when they are elbow deep in "work," 
they take to it with the enthusiasm of 
children elbow deep in a mud puddle. 

What makes omething fun? P y-
chologist Mihaly Csik zentmihalyi 
recently theorized that we experience 
joy in tho e moment when we are 
totally involved in what we do - 0 
involved that we lose all en e of time 
and of thing going on around u . We 
even lose any en e of our elve ; we 
become one with the activit and 
experience a en e that e erything i 
"right." He call the e moment "flow." 

P ychologi t Abraham Maslowca.lled 
tho e moment the "peak experience" 
and noted that in tho e moment we 
become" pontaneous. coordinated. 
efficient" organi m functioning 0 
effortle Iy that we are almo t playing. 

Diana Dynamo is a powerhou e of 
energy because he i at play. not at 
work. That' easy enough to under-
tand . You may be ver tired from 

hour of tudying biology. but notice 
how wiftly you find re erves of 
hidden strength when omebody ug-
gesl. a spontaneous part ! 

More ignificanl. perhaps, energy 
r suit from the ability to focu 
attention on one thing at a time. Thi 
is critical to the "flow" or "peak 
ex perience." and it' a difficu It kill to 
rna ter. You have plent . of energy. 
but mo t of the time it i being 
dis ipated in several direction at 
once. While reading. ou may be 
Ii tening to the radio. waiting for a 
telephone all from a friend. worrying 
about your grade, planning our 
next weekend . 

Boredom is an inability or un-
willingnes to be orne aCli\'ely in-
volved or totall y immer ed in any-
thing. When you are bored. you feel 
alienated and apart. Boredom i 
tcrribly fatiguing . 

lnvohement and focused concen-
tration are not fatiguing: they are 
vitali/ing. The rcpre . ent thc high cst 
u c of cncrgy chalm lcd full-strength 
without restraints. 

To rna imi7e 'our energy, ou 
mu teitherbeabletocommityour elf 
totall to the enjoyment of what ou 
are ding or el e do omething that 
you ("an enjo . But it' all interrelated 
to the ph o;ical and emotional com-
ponent . too: 'ou can't reali ' con-
centrate all your attention on one 
thing if ourencrg. i being apped by 
" orry or tcnsion . nd you w n't ha\ e 
an energ t oncentrate if . u're 
not gettin enough leep. food and air. 

• nergy? ou ha ve lot ' of it. II you 
havc to do is de\clop it. 0 

INSIDER 




