
Inu ader from Mars? Not likely . This is just one 0/ many "hoax" pictures submitted yearly to the San Diego Chapter 0/ 
the Aerial Phenomena Research Organit:ation . Experts detected seueral double exposures. 

National Group Has Eyes in Sky 
by Alan Russell 

News Editor 

Look! Up in the sky, it's a bird, 
it's a plane, it's ... 

What the hell is it? 
Rob Garis, 22 year old UCSD 

political science malor; ls actively 
trying to find out "what's up 
there." An authorized field in-
vestigator for the Aerial 
Phenomena Research 
Organization (APRO), Garis has 
for the last four and a half years 
been involved in an official 
capacity with APRO in checking 
out calls - about 1000 a year in San 
Diego County - relating to aerial 
phenomena. 

"I'm one of four active in-
vestigators in the area," said 
Garis. " Of all the calls we get a 
year, perhaps 30 warrant an in-
vestigation. The other reports are 
often sightings of Venus, weather 
balloons, and things of the like. 
Fairly recently an excited 82 year 
old lady called to report a UFO 

hovering over her house. She 
described it, saying she could read 
writing on its side, Then she read 
the letters. G-O~D-Y -E-A-R." 

Garis has had a lifetime interest 
in UFOs, and became involved 
with APRO, a worldwide 
organization, through an 
astronomy department club at San 
Diego State University. Presently 
he spends five hours a week 
working with the San Diego group 
"when nothing's going on," and 
"every spare moment when things 
are happening." 

Last month UFOs? 
Recently, "things were hal>" 

peoing," according to Garis. Last 
month, in various sections of San 
Diego County, 17 witnesses 
reported UFOs on the same day. 
"We got descriptions from all the 
people, including some respectable 
witnesses as a medical doctor and 
a pilot. They said a triangular 
shaped object with three lights 
hovered and made no sound. Lie 
detector analyses were taken, 

Two Officers are Sans-Candidates 

conclusively proving the object 
seen was not a military aircraft." 

Garis himself says he's "not 
sure" about UFOs, but adds, 'I 
know there is something." "There 
are those objects sighted which are 
not figments of the imagination or 
misidentifications," said Garis. 
"Sightings indicate objects not 
within our technology, in fact, 
completely beyond our present 
capabilities. Having never seen a 
UFO myself, that shadow of a 
doubt remains, but the facts speak 
for themselves, and I've ex-
perienced some pretty hard 
evidence. " 

What Garis termed as " the most 
spectacular cas'e in San Diego 
County" occurred in Lemon Grove 
in 1973. Saying simply "we feel 
there was a landing," Garis went 
on to describe a case that had a 
" wide variety of physical 
evidence," something 'rare in 
aerial phenomena research. 
Scientists from different parts of 

Continued on Page 9 

We._y. April 13, 1t'T7 

Assistant Chancellor 
Is in South Africa 
David Ryer is Part of Team Studying 
Black Students Exchange Possibility 

by Mark Stadler 
Managing Editor 

Assistant Chancellor David Ryer is in South Africa as part of a team 
organized by the United States government to study the possibility of 
bringing black students from that country to study in American 
universities, the UCSD public relations officer confirmP.d Monday. 

Paul West said Ryer is part of a three-member team which left for 
South Africa three weeks ago and is set to return to America April 25. 
West said he does not know which governmental organization is spon-
soring the trip, although he speculated that it is the State Department. 

However, he emphasized the trip has nothing to do with UCSD. 
" Educational Man" 

West said Ryer told him before leaving that he (Ryer) was made part of 
the team as " the educational man," who will write the team's report. 
Ryer said he became a member both because he has written several 
similar reports and because he knows one of the other members, West 
added. 

West said he does not know who 
the other team members are, but 
said he believes one member is a 
former American ambassador to 
South Africa. 

The news of Ryer's trip has 
brought sharp reaction from at 
least one quarter of the UCSD 
corrununity. Anthony Gonzales, of 
UCSD's chapter of the National 
Student Coalition Against Racism 
SCAR), said Ryer's participation 

in the expedition is "a slap in the 
face of the UCSD community, 
especially black students." 

"Ryer using public funds, is 
doing this work which complies 
with the South African govern-
ment's 'racist policies," Gonzales 
said. "You know, in that country, 
whites are given free education, 
while blacks must pay." 

Gonzales was referring to the 
governmental structure of South 
Africa, where a white minority 
rules the black majority. 

Referendum Re ults 
Gonzales also made reference to 

the results of one question on last 
quarter's student referendum, on 
which students voted, 1281-865, that 

Continued on Page 5 

AS Panel Eyes 
Formal Grade 
Appeal Process 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

The Academic Senate (AS) has 
formed an ad hoc committee on the 
problem of grade appeal at UCSD, 
which remains the only UC cam us 
without a formalized system. 

Jeff Leifer, AS student intern, 
viewed the action taken during the 
last week of Winter quarter as a 
response to difficulties that UCSD 
had encountered from its lack of 
official process by which a student 
may challenge the legitimacy of a 
grade he has received. Leifer said 
that students are being "denied 
due process' and that Department 
of Health, Education and Welfare 
(HEW) regulations are being 
violated. 

Candidates Set for First Elections Since 71 
"We're not afraid of HEW," 

Leifer said, "but we're going to 
make them happy or else they'll 
withhold funds ." Also being con-
sidered added Leifer, is the need 
for a " recognized system" which 
will be legitimate in the eyes of the 
court for those students who 
pursue legal action. UCSD students will get an 

opportunity next week to show 
their support for the new 
Associated Students govern-
ment they elected four weeks 
ago. 

The candidates for the 
various ASUCSD offices have 
submitted their applications 
and met the candidate 

Attention all candidates. 
Monday's Issue of the Triton 
Time will feature a special 
'upplcment Issue dealing with 
the upcoming election. All 
executive office candidates who 
want their pictures in the 
n 'wspaper must come In to tbe 
Triton Time office Tbunday 
£rom 9 to 4. Additionally, aU 
ClHldldate, excluding tb e 
running for president, mllSt 
turn in a 20 line statement on a 
74-space line by Friday at 11. 

requirement of an overall grade 
point average of, at least, 2.0. 

Also, eight issue questions to be 
placed on the ballot met the 4: 00 
Monday deadline. 

The elections will be held 
Wednesday, Thursday, and 
Friday, April 20, 21, and 22. 
Polls will be open from 10:00 am 
until 3: 00 pm. Voting will be 
held at Revelle Plaza, on the 
Gym steps, on Muir Commons, 
Third Commons, and at the 
Fourth Dormitories. Students 
interested in working at the 
polls should contact Ray Feist 
at campus extension 3396. 

The election of college of-
ficers and college represen-
tatives to the ASUCSD Council 
have been moved back two 
weeks to allow more time for 
applications, and will be held on 
May 3 and 4. Applications for 
these offices must be turned in 
to the college deans' office no 
later than 12: 00 noon, April 25. 

A total of 25 persons have 
appUed for the 11 ASUCSD 
eXe<.'utive poSitions. 

Candidates for ASUCSD 
President are Dan Allan 
AImour, S. Nicolson Gillaspey, 
Anthony Gonzales, Steven M. 
Grady, Jeff Leifer and Andy 
Schneider. 

Vice-presidential hopefuls are 
Pauline Breeden, Phil Isaac, 
Barry Steven Lehmer, Scott 
McBride, Mark Sindler and 
John Thickstun. 

David Eisen and Michael Jon 
Bailey are candidates for 
Commissioner of Com-
munications. 

Corrunissioner of Academic 
Affairs candidates are Brad 
Drexler, William L. Friedman 
and Laura Kerl. 

Candidates for Corrunissioner 
of Student Welfare are Barry 
Hyman and Duane Stilwell. 

Bob Drapeau and Mike 
Keeler are Commissioner of 
External Affairs hopefuls. 

Aspirants for Public 
Relations Director are Jon 
Bekken and Fred A. Smith. 

David Solitaire is solitary 
candidate for Program Board 
Chair. James Edward Atkins is 
the only Activity Fee Board 
Chair hopeful. 

The posts of Commissioners 
of Elections and Appointments 
and Evaluations have attracted 
no candidates. 

The issue questions on the 
ballot required no student 
petitions, as tho e on last 
quarter 's referendum ballot 
did . Instead, persons or 
organization submitting issue 
questions had only to submit the 
questions and a 100 word 
statement of intent to EDNA by 
3: 00 pm last Monday. Th issues 
up for stud nt consideration 
re olve that : 

. The proposed Recr ation 
Center Compl will be funded 
by a $3 a quarter asse ment of 
the tudents ; 

- Student mon y hould 
used to assist an appeal 

ontlnued on Pal( 10 

"Crucial Issue" 
" I think this is a crucial issue," 

said Joseph Gusfield, chairman of 
the AS Committee on Educational 
Policy. Commenting that he was 
" skeptical of turning the 
mechanism into a state of constant 
pressure and litigation," Gusfield 
felt that the issue " needs a great 
d al of thought." He said that he 
has " found no evidence of 
widespread di crimination of fair 
grading" but added that "there's 
alw ys been a problem of personal 
discrimLOation, where there may 
be like~ and di Uk between a 
tud nt and faculty. There' 

always n that charge on the 
!''' . . '" _t ., Il ."r." 

Presently, according to Leifer, 
aU a student can do is follow th 
" insuffici nt" method of a~ ling 
to the prof r, departm nt head, 
and finally to the pro ost, if 
n r . But he felt that a gain 
had been made within the past 
month, with the addition of a 

Continued Pal 5 



... z tntOD bf8 

MEPtl "0'",6 
1\JRN Off ntt 

"w" HE'P 60 
"WAyt 

Solar Energy Comes to sJ State 
by Clifford A. Welch 

(CPS) - At California State 
University - San Jose (SJSU ), 
dormitory administrator William 
Schooler simply got fed up with 
paying high utility rates. 

Schooler turned to Dr. Donald 
Aitken, head of the six-montb-old 
SJSU Center for Solar Energy 
Application, for help. They came 
up with a pioneering plan to install 
solar water heating units in three 
SJSU residence halls. To save 
money and provide practical ex-
perience to students, they would 
c reate a solar workshop. 

Under the guidance of Aitken 
and grad student Jim Altman, who 
supervises the construction staff of 
15 undergraduates, solar energy 
units have been built and installed 
on each building. In June, when the 
program, dubbed " Project Sun-
shower ," is completed, 600 
students will be using hot water 
heated without cost by the 
magnification of the sun's rays, 
Altman said . 

Altman , an env ironmental 
s tudies graduate student, believes 
the SJSU project is the largest 
s tudent-built solar water·heating 
development ever. It is budgeted at 
a surprisingly low $125,000, as 
compared to a similar project 
developed by contractors for a 
Georgia school system at a cost of 
$1 million. 

It seems SJSU wants to be the 
trend·setter in practical use of 
solar power. For instance, 
university officials have ear-
marked $600,000 to construct a 
solar heating and cooling plant for 
the new, $11 million library project 
at SJSU. Aitken is working on this 
building as a technical consultant 
to the architects. 

Project Sunshower itself looks 
like the prototype for much greater 
use of solar power in the California 
State University system. Aitken 

hopes a successful Sunshower 
demonstration will encourage the 
University to use solar methods to 
heat many of the system's 
buildings. 

University officials, who ap-
proved the Sunshower proposal of 
Schooler and Aitken last summer, 
have already taken the bait. 
Beyond agreeing to finance the 
library 's solar energy plant, the 
officials may extend the current 

plan to include another three 
dormitories and a 12-story 
residence hall at San Jose belore 
expanding the project to other 
campuses. 

The current project is budgeted 
for ,125,000, said Altman, but in 11 
years that much will have been 
saved. By 1997, Schooler said the 
project " will have paid for itself 
twicp over ," in saved utility bills. 

SCAR Protests Apartheid 
by Mark Friedman 

Student Coalition .Against Racism 

Students throughout the US are organizing a new movement to prevent 
another " Vietnam" in Africa , particularly South Africa. The struggle 
against apa rtheid and racism in South Africa has been growing. There 
are only 4.2 million whites in South Africa, who forcibly inhabit 87 percent 
of the land, while 90 million blacks are denied basic buman and civil 
rights. 

The Student Coalition Against Racism (SCAR) is the main organizer, 
nationally, of activities protesting apartheid in South Africa and in 
defense of Black Students. SCAR is a nationwide organization of several 
thousand students who, as part of an international campaign to get the US 
out of Southern Africa, toured Tsietsi Mashinini, the central leader of the 
June 16, 1976 Soweto demonstrations against apartheid. Mashinini spoke 
to nearly 1,000 enthusiastic people on March 22 at SDSU and City College. 
He said, " We need you to help us get the US out of South Africa." And that 
is what SCAR is doing. 

On March 26, more than 100 people demonstrated at the San Diego 
Federal Building to end apartheid and get the US out of South Africa. 
Among its many sponsors were : James N. Kerry, chairman, SDSU Afro-
American Studies Department; Katye Anderson, chalrwoman, Mesa 
College Black Studies Department; Larry carlin, City College Black 
Student Union ; Earl Davis, Editor, Voice aDd Vlewpolot News. 

San Diego SCAR has !llanned an ambitious program of anti-apartheld 
activities this Spring. Our next activity is a picket line protesting the 
presence of the " whites only" South African tennis team in Newport 
Beach Saturday, April 16 at 12 noon (rides are available). Also, SCAR will 
help launch a drive against the wave of deportations of undocumented 
residents by the lnunigration and Naturalization Service (INS) which 
has recently been stepped up by Carter's new INS director. 

SCAR has members or chapters on all the college campuses and many 
high schools in San Diego. Anyone interested in fighting rac.ism is en-
couraged to join with us. Call us at 452-9318 or write : SCAR, P .O. Box 381, 
San Diego, CA 92101. Funds and volunteers are urgently needed. 

, 

Election Statements 
Dan Almour 

Informative Gov't Needed 
My name is Dan Almour and I am running for ASU~D President. I am 

a Fourth College Junior, with a major in political science. 
I have been at UCSD for three years, and have worked at EDNA, the 

Student Center Information desk, for two years. I am currently working 
on the Student Center Board, trying to make the Student Center more 
responsive to student needs and desires. I feel that in the two years that I 
have been working at EDNA, I have become aware about almost every 
facet of UCSD's operations. I talk with people, both students and ad· 
ministrators, who run UCSD. I know who to talk with to get things done. 

I feel that there are a few things in the college that need to be changed. 
Programming is one area that needs to be looked at closely. This quarter, 
the Campus Program Board is no longer running their Saturday nigbt 
films. I would like to see Saturday night films again. There is a complaint 
that there is too little programming on this campus, and that what little 
we have overlaps or duplicates other programming. I think we need to 
centralize all programming so that we can have increased diversity of 
events, and that aU scheduled events do not fall on the same nj~t. 

Everyone ought to know that their fees are going up next quarter. While 
I feel that the rise might be necessary, I think the government ought to 
look at why the fees went up, and how to cut costs to prevent a future 
increase. 

The campus media poses a problem. People need to be aware of the 
fWlctions and operations of UCSD, and how it affects their lives. Ideally, 
we ought to have a daily newspaper. We also need to have greater em· 
phasL" on those publications which relate to some of the different factions 
on this campus. Heel thatKSDT needs to be operative. 

As well as these issues , I feel that ASUCSD government ought to in· 
vestigate the operations of the Bookstore, food services, and any other 
student service organizations, as well as the co-ops, especially the Bike 
Shop. 

I feel that my biggest asset for being the ASUCSD President is that I am 
una ttached from any faction or interest group on this campus. I am not 
running a slate of candidates as I feel a slate would conswne too much 
power. I feel that working at EDNA for two years that I know what 
students at UCSD want. My chief opponent in this election, Andy 
Schneider, does not, and cannot have the amount of student input than I 
can get by working at the Student Center. 

In his opening campaign letter in the Triton Times (March 18, 1977) 
Andy said he would run for President. In a letter to the student 
Cooperative, in which he held a high position, he included other phrases 
which he omitted'in the TT letter. They said, in effect, that no matter 
what model of government won the referendum, he would work for that 
model. He is a self-acclaimed opportunist. I do not believe that a person 
who would shift loyalties like this can run an effective government. I 
would at al1 times attempt to serve the collective will of UCSD students. 

In conclusion, I would say that I would work as hard as I possibly could 
to make the new government responsive to the students of UCSD. A new 
leader for a new government. 

Andy Schneider 

Students Must Get Involved 
1 cOlild use this space just to talk abQut myseH, but what I want most to 

do is talk about you and us at U~D ... 
Among other things an election is a political exercise and a collective 

expression. Over the break I spent some needed time with a friend We 
were off sailing. He was all ears and I was all talk. 

From here to Catalina, I thought out loud about the responsibilities of 
working in student government and about making another personal 
heavy energy commibnent. I explored the vast potentials for the new AS 
and considered the chances of winning a vote. 

After a couple of beers my friend responded by pointing out, 'if you win 
you've gathered support for implementing a "perspective. If you lose, 
you've helped someone else gather support for a different approach. 

'But either way, UCSD will be on the road to building the community 
you're always talking about and student government will have found its 
purpose. You must have used the word community twelve times, what do 
you mean by it?' 

If you put in a big stack all the research materials, student reports and 
news editorials left over from the student government projects I have 
been involved with over the last year at UCSD, they would have two 
significant messages a bout the community: 

~pen participation for all students in the decision-making process of 
student government. 

-Respect for individual student integrity and for the collective success 
for equally shared effort. 

I alone have accomplished nothing. Together we have shared ideas and 
value systems which have coalesced to create an improved community. 
We have begun to learn the political skills that will give Impact to our 
perspectives. We have begun to learn the research skllls to develop 0p-
tions which challenge past notions of the role of student participation. 

Needs have been identified in the areas of academic affairs, conunittee 
representation, state funding for instructional Improvement, the COOl-
pletion of the cluster college campuses, student control of student 
fees ... The Associated Student Government will be resplmSible for 
facilitating a broad base of student input and ability to meet these student 
needs. 

Through equal participation, Andy as a person has developed a skilled 
knowledge about the purpose and the operation of student government. 

I'm willing to continue to give my thoughts and effort, but I will not teU 
a s tudent government what to do. You've got to be the one to teU AS what 
to do and help accompli h that goal. U the AS is to provide UCSD with a 
se nse of community, its success will rely on wide involvement and not one 
person. 

The real challenge in this 'new Beginning' for the Associated Students 
will be to turn a percentage vote into effective advocacy and 8 
representation which seelu to find student response . Give a littie of 
yourself and the Associated Students can give life to new dreams ... 

I can work to communicate, we can work toaffed a cbaaae, but You've 
gotlo meet the Associated Students baII·way with your lDvolvemeat. .. 

Wednesday, AprU 13, 1.77 I rl ..... IIIIIC'S 

Letter to the Editor 

Page 3 

FREE ADMISSION 

to piny BINGO at 7727 Girard Ave Milrv <;tN nf th" C;PiI 
arns 25c per gam All game pay 70% ('nl\('rtr>d PliI,) 1 

2:; games 
Every Tuesday 7 pm 

BIG SALE 
-

.. -~I · -I 
I - I 

... ,.. e _ 

Sanyo 400 
It 's a best buy There IS nothing li ke 
I t for th iS Price. Mlnt·s te reo cassel te 
player. fu ll tO M. ba lance. volume 
con rrol. fast forward . e ject . 

On Sale $39.99 

Pioneer 163 
Get beaullful rich crYHal clear sound 
from these Pioneer 163 flush mount 
spea kers . 

On Sale $9.99 

Liberation Letter Was "Refreshing" 
Thanks Artie Lombard for 

writing, and thanks Triton Times 
for printing, Friday's article of 
Human Liberation. It was a 
refreshing departure from .the 
usual treatment of sexism and 
highlighted a very important point. 

Sexual roles limit men as much 
as they limit women. In addition 
the column brought up a very 
important question; despite the 
obvious inconsistency of sexist 
va lues, they persist. Artie Lom-
bard did not understand why . 

My own answer is that our whole 
concept of human worth supports a 
sexist, as well as racist, a 
nationalist and in every way a 
bigoted ideology. 

Our society values many things, 
such as strength in men, com-
pliance in women, blond bair, 
white skin and US citizenship and 
background. Somehow it considers 
people who have such qualities to 
be not merely possessors of 
socially valuable traits but better 
people. Thus if the rules of the 
game change, the successful sexist 
or racist loses not only a little bit of 
social status, he loses his worth as 
a human being . 

Now, a society that valued frizzy 
brown hair, diminutive height, and 
a sharp tongue might make my life 
a whole lot easier. But I doubt 
sincerely if it could make some 
intrinsic change in me as a person. 
How then could it increase my 
worth as a human being? 

Obviously it could not. 

- For while social values are 
relative, subjective, human worth 
is not. You are what you are and 
are worth what you're worth 
regardless of social context. 

There is no objective standard on 
which to measure or compare the 
worth of human beings. Therefore 
there can be no hierarchy of 
personal worth. No one need feel 
inferior, nor has the right to feel 
superior , to another human being. 

Knowing this, the racist, the 
sexist, the bigot of any persuasion, 
can examine his values on the 
basis of the utilitarian benefits 
they bring him. He has no 
psychological vested interest in 
their maintenance. The Human 
Liberation that Lombard ad-
vocates becomes possible. 

There are many other political , 
sociological and economic answers 

'TI'© &[UL ~mmlt!l'TI' 
ORGANIZATIONS 

I}{]~~O~~ W©in ~~M&Jb 
~li11~ ~@ If&[UL 

~©X®~~ 

BUDGETS 

Mon Apr. 25 
Wed Apr. 27 
Fri Apr. 29 

MonMay 2 
WedMay4' 
Fri May 6 

12·2pm 
12-2 pm 
12·2 pm 

12·2 pm 
12·2 pm 
12·2 pm 

tud nt OrganilatlOns Con ference Room 
2nd floor Student Center 

Appointments: Contact tudent Organization offj • 2nd fl oor , 
nOrl h )tud l'nt Center x4450 

Audlovox to Artie Lombard's question, each 
with a validity which I would be the 
last to deny. I leave these 
however , to those more qualified to 
make them. And I would like to 
invite people to do so. 

Listen to th is onel Sanyo's 41 3 
AM/FM cassette player w,th 
small chaSSis. ad justable shaft s. 
a local/d istance switch . fast 
forward . and a comple te l ·year 
warranty I 

AudlOvox C9 77 AM/FM S·rrack 
has 6 big watts RMS per channel 
and features an extremely sensitive 
FM. and a l·year parIS and labor 
warran ty. Styled like a radiO to 
prevent theft I Sack by popular 
demand Mfg . list was S 133 .95. Mfg . list was $ 129. In conclusion I would like to say 

that while the philosophy I have 
advocat" d is one in which I truly 
believe, it is not my own creation. 
It is an application to the political 
sphere of a philosophy of a 
psychologist working at UC 
Berkeley. His name is Richard 
Beery . So I submit this 
anonymously so as not to take 
credit for what is predominantly 
his work. 

On Sale $99.99 On Sale $86.99 

DISCOUNT AUTO SOUND 
1841 Garnet I Pacific Beach 

OPPOSI T E GOODYEAR 272-9350 
INSTALLATION AND REPAIR 

NOW EARN 

We are increasing the div· 
idend because we want you 
to transfer your savings to 
your credit union. The 
rapid growth of U .S .E . 
Credit Union allows the 
dividend to be increased. 
When you transfer your 
savings to the credit union, 
you help insure this rapid 

PER 
ANNUM-
ON 
REGUlAR 
U.S.E. 
SAVINGS 
Yo u r U n iversity and 
State E mployees Credit 
U n ion i n t.ends to pay 
you a fu ll 6% per an · 
num ' on reg ulars8v. 
ings fo r t h e quarter 
beg i nnmg October 
firs t! 

growth and t h e continua· 
tio~ of extre m e ly h igh re-
turns on your s a vings ... 
HIGHER THAN YOU R 
CURRENT BANK OR S A V · 
INGS AND LOAN PASS · 
BOOK ACCO U NT. So, h e l p 
yourse lf to t h e BIG 6 % and 
help your University and 
State Employees Cred it 
Union grow. 

·c •• ,.,",_ I . .. "Mo"" " e .... 1 __ , , ...... 4KI . ....... '''''' ......... ,.. ..... I ........... e4 Ih.1 ........... pt .... III I." IfI' U '- t c ..... ' u .. _ 
........ , ........ u~ ... , ..... , !'III '" ""'"_ a,,,.o.M tM ",. __ .......... Mh .......... " •• 1 ...... ' ... ' "'he ...... ', l .... 1 ..... _ 

Q[]~~ 
University & Stat~ Employees Credit Union 

SDSU 
5191 College Ave 
San Diego. CallI. 
(7 14) 286·4210. 

UC DAVIS 
Orchard Road 

Daliis. Call I 
(916) 752· 181 7 

UCSD 
3100 Gilman Drive 

La Jolla. Calif 
(on Matthews Campus across 

from VA Hospital) 
(714) 453·5620 

San 01890 
5555 Mildred Street 
San Diego. Cali fornia 

(71 4) 297·1838 



Streets to Gov't 

Former Student Activist to Head VISTA Progfam 
by Ill" LalIt)' 

(CPS)-SiJ: yean ago, MarIe 
Tabankin trMvelled to Hanoi and 
spoke witb nine American 
prisoners of war. Nest week, 
Tabankin goes to work for the 
govenunent. 

Tabankin, 211, fonner student 
activist and president of the 
National student Association 
(NSA) durin8ita turbulent antiwar 
activities, wiD be named bead of 
the VISTA program (VoIWlteera in 
Service to America) by ACTION 
director, Sam Brown. Curremly, 
Tabankln Is working as special 
assistant to Brown on domestic 
affairs and spoke from her tem-
porary office at ACTION 
headquarters. 

The barely furnished room, filled 
only with brown leather cbalrs, a 
desk and a conference table, faded 
into the background as Tabankin 
raced between the outer office and 
the phone in a race with a 3 pm 
confinnation procedure deadline 

by the Civil Service Commlsslon. 
On a blackboard near the window, 
"People Power!" was scrawled in 
capital letters, a slogan whlc:h 
might rlgbtly sum up Tabankln's 
career so far. 

FBIPkDlc 
Tabankin's past bas all the 

trappings of an FBI picnic ... a short 
stint in SDS at college, a trip to 
North Vietnam (paid for per· 
sonally as the fitst woman 
president of NSA) and fOWider of 
the Martin Luther King Scholar· 
ship Fund at the University of 
Wisconsin where sbe attended 
school from 1966-a. 

The most outstanding feature of 
Tabankln's experience has been 
her commitment to community 
organizing, a commitment shar· 
pened whUe working for organizer 
Saul Alinsky in 1970 as a subsidized 
fellow at the Alinsky Training 
Institute in Chicago. 

For Tabankin, the curtain goes 
up on the campus of the University r:; •••••••••••••• ~~ 

II .~ 4Re ~url cl/,Hair ~)? == 
I 1030 Toney Pines Rd. ~~ • La Jolla 0 -. • • ~t • free crunchy topping with the pureha'JOf • y yogurt. . . ••••••••••••••• 

u-.o .... , --~----.oo::o -----

flJ, \ 0 I () 
~\~~-~ ""~OF\e. ~\S ever ~ irtJO\~ 

UA'¥h YO\W\ t..ife.'f\ 'the ~St,~t~ 
Ot' futur~ is il\"W iOc:onte. 4 

Saturday 
7:00 PM 

North Conference ~ 
Room 

Student Center 
~-------co::c ------_---n 

Photo Contest For 
John Muir Week 

-open to Muir Students, Faculty, Staff 
-2 Categories: Black & White and Color prints 
-no larger than 8"x10" [11"x14" inc. mounting] 

-entries due by "April 29th 

Prizes in each category: 1 st-value of $25 
I 2nd-value of $15 
, 

A.I entries to be disjJlayed 
du ing week of May 9·13. 

Submit entries and prints 
to either Muir Dean's Office or 
Muir Residence Halls Office 

Maximum of 2 entries 
per individual 

. 

of Wisconsin where by 1987, abe 
was writing regularly for the o.Dy 
C8rdIaal, the Madlson CAIDpQI 
newspaper, and was serioualy 
belted around by ric;lt pollce during 
a protest against the on-campua 
presence of the Dow Clemical 
Company which supplied chemical 
for w~are to the military in 
Viebwn. 

"I decided then it was time to 
stop writing and do something," 
said Tabankin. She Immei-sed 

"I met nine prisonen of war, aU 
of whom are back in the United 
States but whom I haven't seen 
since. 1be message to me from 
Vietnam was to make the U.S. the 
most just place to llve in .. .It 
brought back my Alinsky roots. I 
would love to return to North 
Vietnam, it was one of the most 
gentle and positive cultures I have 
ever seen," said Tabankin. 

Will there ever be any Pesce 
Corps volunteers in Vietnam? 

govermnent," says Tabankln. 
Compromises? Not1ikely. 
"I don't think I wW personally 

have to compromise my values. If 
so, I will leave. 11lere will be 
stylistic diHerences, but I've got to 
view myself as working for the 
American people ... l've never gone 
after money where there are 
strings attached, I've made that 
clear from tl.Ie beginning, but I'm 
here and 1 don't have to raise 
money ... the government is the 

T abankin has a no hesitation list of heroes and heroines which include in 
this order: Rose Parks; Franny Lou Hamer; Lillian Hellman; Woody 
Guthrie and, "of course, George Wylie, fOllnder of the National Welfare 
Rights Movement." One late addition -Eleanor R~osevelt. 
herself in the black student "Well." said' Tabankln, "Only if 
movement, founded a black we are asked. I would perceive it 
scholarship fund and began ' as a terrific thing but the Viet· 
working hard and fast for civil and namese would have to establlsh it 
welfare rights. as a priority first," added 

As a jwlior, she moved into the Tabanldn. 
political arena and became the Picking up the Marge Tabankin 
college state coordinator in Story in 1972, she detailed her 
Wisconsin for the Vietnam activities as director of a Youth 
Moratorium. This activity should Project. She raised $2 million there 
have brought her in contact with for such local grassroots programs 
her current boss, Sam Brown, who as public housing, head stari 
was national coordinator for the projects and Navajo reservation 
moratorium, but in fact, Tabankin cooperatives. From there, 
did not actually speak to Brown Tabankin worked .for the 
until after his appointment to mineworkers, lending support·to a 
ACTION this year. Certainly group called Miners for 
though, Tabankin said, she and Democracy. 
Sam Brown were aware of each Recently, Tabankin worked on 
other and running tandemly in the Edward Sadlowski campaign 
their work. for president of the United 
. Tabankin's obsession to end the Steelworkers Union. Tabankin 
Vietnam war was manifested in holds a "great belief in the labor 
campaign work for Eugene movement in the United States," 
McCarthy and as youth coor· and cites labor as the backbone of 
dinator for the senatorial bid by this COWitry. • 
Charles Goodell in New York in Esperieace? 
1971. Following a trip back to So, how does Marge Tabanltin 
Newark, N.J . to care for her manage to balance aU her ex· 
cancer-stricken mother and to perience in head? And will working 
work in the Newark city school for the government mean making 
system, Tabankin moved on to any compromises? Tabankin 
NSA. The Washington, D.C.-based explains it this way. 
association in tum sent its first " I've always worked from the 
president to Hanoi. outside ... and now I'm going into 

"Important Experience" the government because I have 
"My main reason, again, for much to offer from my ex-

I'IlIlIling for president at NSA was perience .. .If the govenunent could 
students had an obligation to end hire me and respect my feelings 
the Vietnam war ... as president I about civil rights, then I'm going to 
was invited to Hanoi, paid for it work. 
myself and it became one of the "I'm still skeptical, no not really 
most important experiences in my skeptical, I'm reaUy having fun 
life," said Tabankin. here .. .it's an historical skepticism 

Curled up on the chair, ready to · that I have of beaurocracy .. l see 
jump at the next phone call from my life as a very clear, systematic, 
Sam Brown about a crisis continuous pattern flowing 
developing with some Peace Corps organically-there are just different 
workers in Puerto Rico, Tabankin arenas, electoral, non-profit 
described her trip. an angements and now the 

The Triton Times is published by UCSD students as the off icial student newspapar. 
Publication is on Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school year 
(except on official holidays). Editorial and business offices are located In the Student 
Center at the University of California. San Diego. For edllOflal. call 452·3466; for business 
and display adVenlslng , call 452·3468. 

Letters to the edl tOf and opinion columns are wetcomed. All submissions must be typed 
and doubt.,.spaced on a 74·space line. They should not exceed 1-1/2 pages In length. 

Submitted matenal must beat the name and student Identification number of theauthOf. 
Names can be withheld from publication on request ; however the names wilt be held on life 
for public Inspection. ' 

The Triton Times reserves the nght to edit submiSSions because of space limitations or 
style f(1quirement9. 

Enilre con tents copyright 1977 the Triton Times. 

Students, Come 

VOLUNTEER, it's worth it! 
Wednesday, April 13th on the Revelle Plaza a 
dozen or more agencies will have tables set up and 
reprel.entatives on hand to sign up interested 
sludents . This is an excellent chance to gain some 
useful experience in a field you might be aiming 
for as a career, not to mention the great self· 
sati faction you receive in donating some time 
and effor t to a worthy cause. 

Make il a polnl to SlOp and talk to some groups • 
and check oulthe opportunitie • 

Event Spon8ored by 4th College 
Career/Life Planning Board 

money," Tabankin said. 
Tabankin has a no-hesitation list 

of heroes and heroines which in-
clude in this order: Rosa Parks; 
Fanny Lou Hamer; Lillian 
Helhnan; Woody Guthrie and, "of 
course, George Wylle, founder of 
the National Welfare Rights 
Movement" One late addition-
Eleanor Roosevelt. Tabankin's dog 
is even named Franklin although, 
she says slyly, " ... at the time, 
though, I would have voted for 
Norman Thomas!" 

About her imminent ap-
pointment, Tabanldn has plans . 
She will travel and get out into the 
field . 

"There's a tremendous amolUlt 
of conunitment around here and I 
absolutely see this job as a chance 
to rebuild the ACTION-VISTA 
programs virtually devastated by 
the Nixon adminlsttatlon ... All 
programs will be emphasized, 
ACTION will not be the amorphous 
whole it has been ... 80 many people 
don't even know whatACl'ION is," 
Tabankin said. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Anyone interested in working on 0 
Spring issue of " Faurthwrile," the 
4th College literary Journal, should 
attend lodoy's meeting at 4 :00 in 
the W~iting Program off ice·506 Me. 
Also, writing material (stories, 
poems, scribed whatevers) from 
4th students can be submitted by 
moil to J . Dunn at Q·022, or 
dropped off at 508 MC. For more 
info. contoct Julie at x3068. 

triton 
times 

David E,sen· Exec"' .... editor 
Marl< Stad ler • M .... glnv edllor . 
Gary G hirard •• Ad .. "lelng ~.,eg., 
Alan !:fussell. N ... 8ClNor 
Alec Nedelman· Aaaocl'" N_ edNor 
Shauna Stokes· Produclian MIIrwger 
Sue Nealon· Copy edNor 
Ra n Anba,· Opinion ... Itor 
Tim MacKenzie· Art. edilor 
Bill Brooks· Pholoedllor 
Joel C. Don· A,aocIata Naw, edltot 
Ron Kato· Co-,porta edNor 
Jon Hal perin' Co-spo". editor 
Scott Sadil· Alioel.l. "" .. edilor 

0... 777ect_1ince !eel. Son OlIgo', 
moot 'IJIOf- Chanot Ce. 
EUROPE from '327 

.,. ...... ·71 
2.3 .• . 5.e" 24 _. duf_ " 9 <nin. 
No clul>o "join. no _ ond SAVE "eel' 
HAWAII from '179 

AIle !low YOlk. CI\IcopO 0ntrIt. 

--.............. ,.., ..... 

wett.elde,.. AprO 13, trn triton tilDes 

Fourth Reporter Grade Appeals ... government, "we had no pressure," and "it's about time we 
did." added Leifer. 

PageS 

Olympics to Highlight 
Annual Tradition Day 

ContiDued Irom Page 1 
procedural error form. Forinerly, 
Leifer said "the professor was 
forced to lie. All he could do was 
turn in a clerical error form if he 
did, in fact, change the grade. 

" We can't afford a barrage of 
students," warned Leifer. "The 
student has to outline his problem. 
He can't I'Wl in every time he gets a 
B and wants an A." Saying that 
"it's their committee·it's for the 
students," be stressed the need for 
students to comprehend the 
seriousness of the matter. It was 
Gusfield's feeling that "you have to 
protect the process from students 
who simply don't like the grade 
they got." 

ProfellOr Espertise Recopbed 
Leifer explained that the fooCo 

tion of the new process will 
recognize the "professor expertise 
concept, where nobody can tell a 
professor the grade he should 
assign to a student. AD the com· 
mittee can do is decide whether the 
grade was arbitrarily or fairly 
given." 

Gusfield felt that "we have to 
have safeguards in grading fair· 
ness." When asked about possible 
forms of grade appeal procedures 
that might be implemented, he 
said he knew of "a variety of 
systems being used by univer· 
sities, and 1 don't know how they're 
working out." Gusfield later stated 
"I am not endorsing any particular 
procedure." Leifer said that the 
fonnation of the-committee was "a 
great gain for students." 

by Dail St. Clair Bacoa 
Staff Writer 

Goldfish swallowing in the 
twenties, panty raids in the fifties, 
Spring vacatioo on Floflida's 
beaches in the seventies ... all 
established college traditions. 
Fourth College, now in Its third 
year, is cmtinuing what wiD 
eventually be along established 
tradition at FourtlHhe. second -
annual 4th College Tradition Day. 
AD 4th faculty, staff and students 
are invited to take part. 

The day will feature both new 
and old events. At noon there will 
be a fair where various food 
booths, crafts booths and dunk 
machines (where some of the staff 
have volunteered to be dunked) 
will be featured. There will also be 
a kissing booth sponsored by the 
females of DeAllza. Any Fourth 
College student, faculty member 
or staff can set up any kind of booth 
they like and keep all profits made. 
The booth will be provided for free. 
To sponsor a booth contact Beth 
Cullman,452-9416. 

Uiter in the evening there will be 
an outdoor barbeque and a dance 
featuring Dirt Slater's band. All 
tradition day events will take place 
in Matthews Campus, Sunday May 
1. All participants must register by 
April 29. Applications can be ob-
tained through the 4th P.A. 's or the 
Provost's Office. All questions 
concerning Tradition Day should 
be directed to Kirsten Meredith, 
453-2742. 

Fourth Olympics 
The main event of the Tradition 

Day will , be the Olympics, a 

tradition set last year by the fourth 
O!ympains of 1976. In this year's 
Olympics, teams will compete in 
athletic events such as volleyblll, 
various races, pie-eating, and a 
treasure hoot. Teams must CODSist 
of two men, two women and a 
faculty or staff member. Those 
who want to be part of a team or 
form a team and lack willing 
teanunates can contact Marty 
Conole, x458l. He will help you find 
some. 

The winner of the Olympics will 
be the recipient of the 1977 
Provost's Trident Award. The 
name of the winning team will be 
engraved on the Trident Award 
plaque on display in the Provost's 
office. Prizes will also be given to 
farat, second and third place 
winners. 

South Africa ... 
Continued from Page 1 

UC should sever all Its ties with 
South Africa . 

He added that the various San 
Diego chapters of SCAR are 
currenUy working to organize a 
picket line to meet Ryer on his 
return. 

Chancellor McElroy could not be 
reached for comment on Ryer's 
trip, as he is in Dbahran, Saudi 
Arabia lecturing on research and 
education at the University of 
Petroleum and Minerals there. 

His talk, according to his ad-
ministrative assistant Mary Ann 
Herbenar, is being sponsored by 
ARAMCO, the Arab-American 
Corporate Oil Conglomerate. 

Leifer viewed the development 
of the process as • 'very low key and 
informal, just a formal 
mechanism," that will guard 
against "arbitrary and capricious 
action." He said that it will "give 
the students a feeling that they are 
active participants in the system 
rather than people who have rules 
imposed upon them with no 
recourse." Without the ASUCSD 

MODELING JOBS 
How to atart wlthoul modeling achoot. Send 
anapallol and $4. T .. -day mone~·bO<:k guar· 
ant ... Fair anough 7 TVI'.CAITING. 80ll 
35·21. o.pt. 11-31. Wad,_rIII. lII/rlo/, fIOOI3 

B't'TE SHOP 
TMAHonIaW. 
Com"." .. SfGre 
ea80· M V 'CKE .. S ST . 
.AN DIRGO . CA .a '1l 

{~'., SaS. BOOS 

Solar Energy ... 
Continued from Page 2 

According to Schooler, who is 
quoted in The Christian Science 
Monitor, the construction won't 
cost the taxpayers a cent, since 
reserves collected from student 
room rents over the years are high 
enough to cover the budget. 

Each dorm houses 200 students. 
Altman said his tearn of solar 
workshop students is building 

three holding tanks with a total 
water capacity of 27,000 gallons. 
They built 360 solar panels totalling 
9000 square feet, and are placing 
them at the top of Washburn, 
Royce and Hoover dormitories. 
When they are finished, and 
professional plumbers and in-
spectors have adapted the solar 
beating tubes with the current 

Continued on Page 1% 

~------------------------, 

Get RoBed at the 
Spice Rack Restaurant! 

Present th is coupon with your meal at the 
un ique Spice Rack " Garden" Restaurant in Pacific 
Beach and yoo'lI get rolled. Free. Take home half a 
dozen of the tast iest home·made rolls or muffins 
you 've ever met. This offer is good on Mondays 
through Thursdays. 5 p.m. to 10 p.m., through 

4/ '1afl7 .one per couple. please. 

YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE ~ 
A GAADEN RESTAUAAllT 

MiSSIon Btvd. near Grand In Pacific Beach 
B a.m.·2·30 pm. and 5 p m ·10 p.m. 

-------------------------~ 

Restaurant. Coclltans &. Entertainment 

··ut tl!~ S~I~II" 
Happy Hour 

4:00 - 7:00 pm. Dolly Itfondoy thru FrldO!! 
Free hOB d'oeuvre •• 6&:: well drink. 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• t ItEm ,meiEr 1. ~ 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Breakfast. lunch. dinner daily 
6 30 am . 10:30 pm 

Flower Hill Center at Eo tEnd 
Inter tal 5 at V,a de 10 Valle 

[7141755·93 6 



/ggy. you old stooge-Taking artistic self-destruction to the extreme. 

FREE RIDE 
feeturlng 

SHAUN TOMSON .nd WAYNE "RABBIT" BARTHOLOMEW 

La Paloma Theatre shows 7 & 9 pm 
Pacific Coast Hwy at D ST. Encinitas . 
info 753-3955 

22 
Ocean Beach-
Collie r Jr. High 4300 Valeta 51. 
Sat. April 23 
Pacific Beach 
Pacific Beach Jr . Hi h 

The Kin.s 
-a.aI CIIIII -

HOlL STAAl 
nw .. , .... ~7: ... 1. 
CMCTHEATER 

202 "C" STREET 
Comentioft IftCI Pwtorm .... Arta Centef 

R ... rMd .... Tick ... UO, 1.50, 7.50 
,. .. ..... "'''''' ... 1W....,.. .... tJt., .. 'c ..... 'Itf. ~ ..... .,~CHltt Ill ... OI'I.U .. Tc ....... 
. .... 01.1 ..... ............,., w., .............. s.c.~ .. ......." a.-

, ..... ................... ,. 

.......... h ... 'S • rl ...... IIIII'S Page 7 

Hello Todd Thin Duke 
Meets Old 
Punk- It's 
Still Not Pop 

Klaatu?? Mu I Mystery Lure Runt's In Ancient Egypt: RAI RAI 

by Ted Burke 
sta" writer 

The Idlot-Iggy Pop (RCA) 
Being from Detroit, I've some 

natural sympathy for Iggy Pop, a 
fellow Motor City exile. Detroit is 
a ~y, cramped, dying industrial 
town brimming with violence, 
physical and psychic, and the rock 
and roll spawned in that utilitarian 
environment was a reflection of the 
everyday experience. 

Some bands, like the MC-S and 
the Up, tried to parlay their 
frustrations into politics by for-
ming the White Panther, a short 
lived aggregate of greasers gone 
hippie who preached bloody 
revolution with electric guitars. ' 
Others, like the Ambouy Dukes 
(featuring Ted Nugent) were into 
violence for its own sake, and sang 
about guns, chaotic catharsis and 
liberating patricide. Still others, 
like Bob Seger, kept their cool and 
kept on rocking. Iggy, with the 
Stooges, his former band, was a 
lost cause from the start. 

Like so many street comer 
creeps I've seen who had boiled 
their brains with acid, speed and 
glue and had become so numb to 

. functional emotionality that the 
only thing they could understand, 
literally was a sock in the jaw, Iggy 
was a rocker who's music spoke of 
a betrayed innocence. He was the 
all American kid who's been so 
rebuffed by the unconcious 
cruelties of modern life that he had 
to delve to the bottom of the social 
ladder to secure a measure of self 
definition. 

Iggy didn't care how he got his 
kicks, it seemed, and sought to 
show it in conceri. stories of how 
he 'd belly dive on broken glass, 
tear his skin with drum sticks, or 
pick fights with bikers during the 
course of a performance abounded 
in the rock underground, some of 
which I saw in late '69. TheStooges 
three albums, The Stooges, 
Funhouse and Raw Power, carried 
this self-destructive attitude fully, 
conjoined by music that was 
suitably rough, self-involved and 
nervously unstable . 

199y was the surrogate saint of 
s leaze , expressing nihilist 
obliteration fantasies the audience 
itself dared not reveal. Interest in 
him was less aesthetic than 
directly vicarious. The on-lookers, 
caught up in a Roman circus 

Continued on Page 1% 

In an unpreced~ted ' music industry coup, a 
Providence, Rhode Island newspaper "editorial 
assistant" triggered a s~ries of record sales spurts 
and intense radio progranuning across the 
country. Steve Smith, a rock columnist for the 
Providence Journal drew some strong conclusions 
about an unknown "mystery" group OIl Capitol 
Records called Klaatu. 

Quietly released in August, 1976, the self-tiUed 
debut album for Klaatu garnered only moderate 
initial sales response . Purchased by Capitol as a 
completed master recording, the LP has at all 
times been cloaked in an air of secrecy. In fact, 
Capitol has promoted the album solely on its 
fllusic merit since no one employed by Capitol is 
aware of the identities of the members of Kiaatu. 
Manager Frank Davies has been the only liaison 
between Captiol and the band. 

However, upon the initial mailing for review 
purposes, the album garnered remarkable and 
highly favorable critical response. Many critics 
pointed out the similarities to other groups. The 
Walrus (a radio programming guide) exclaimed, 
"Klaatu completely absorbs George Martin, The 
Beatles and Pink Floyd resulting in a Sgt. Pep-
perish record." Others, like Toronto's Cheap 
Thrills Magazine stated, "Klaatu represents a 
new plateau in the development of the phonograph 
record as an art." 

At that point (around the beginning of the year) 
Steve Smith of Providence caught wind of tile 
various Klaatu LP reviews swirling around the US 
and Canada that made allusions to the Beatles' 
style of production and arrangement. The en-
terprIsing reporter begain to investigate the LP 
and Klaatu's credentials. Smith researched the 
origin of the group's name, traced the subtle 
meanings of the lyrics and, if that were not 
enough, the young Providence newspaper Dnan 
even checked out the background of Frank Davies, 
the manager of Klaat.u. 

While Smith did conclude that Klaatu referred to 
a space visitor from a 1951 sci-fi movie, "The Day 
The Earth Stood Still," and found that Davies was 
an employee of EMI from 1~7, he could only 
make abstract projections as to the identity of 
Klaatu . 

In February, The Providence Journal published 
the fruits of Smith's labor in piece entitled, " Could 
Klaatu be Beaties? Mystery is a Magical Mystery 
Tour." In it Smith raised many questions, and, 
following his own research, decided that Klaatu 
more than likely was either in part or in whole The 
Beatles. 

It was with the publication of that article that 
the Klaatu snowball began to roll. The local FM 
rock station in Providence, WBRU-FM, began to 
play cuts from the LP. According to prosram 
director Glenn Stewart, interest in Klaatu was like 
nothing else the station had ever experienced. 
" We played the record with very heayy rotation. 
The phones went crazy for a week for Klaatu." 
Then the local Top 40 station, WGNG, ran a " Is 
This The Beaties?" weekend promotion featuring 
Beatles material Interspersed with news stories 
and bits of Klaatu album. Again , the phone 
response was unusually high. 

But soon, demand for the Kiaatu release 
skyrocketed. Retail outlets were inundated with 
unexpected demand for the record. Record stores 
soon ra n out of their regular supply and an ad-

TIE 
TRITUI TI.S 

IS LOOIll18 FOR 
A FEW BOOD 

-_. 
or women to se rve 

on the Triton 's Dynamic new 
Sa les Force. 

----------------------------II I can help. II nam\.' ag4! _ _ 
'. "ddr"~s I Id.-ph""" ___ . .:-. ___________ _ I t,ritOl~Jimes I 
l _____ ~~~:~~:~~~~~~~:~~ _____ J 

YOU COlli TU. 20 .. I WEEI 
liTO 1108.00 I M .. T" 

ditional 4.800 
Providence 
of the disc 
stock retailers 
the word 
causing an 
that area. 

was ordered for the 
unavailability 

into high gear to 
few days later, 
New England, 

to be ordered In 

Other newspapers . stations, hearing of 
this unusual looked into Klaatu 
themselves. Again Klaatu to the 'Fab 
Four," stations like Akron and MI05 in 
Cleveland began to cuts like "Doctor 
Marvello " and Subway," pre-
announcing the similar LiverpooUan 
parallels. Both noted significant 
telephone response in that area were 
hit with over 2,500 for the LP as initial 
supply ran out in well. 

Spreading west, to receive Klaatu 
media attention Rocker KZOK-FM 
featured the "'100'." in its entirety in a 
special, and to respond to the 
question, " Is The answers . 

EXODUS 
SIEGE 

the station received were varied, but a ccording to 
music director Lorrie Holder, the phone response 

. was remarkable. Meanwhile, back east Dennis 
EIsas, a OJ at WNEW -FM also compared Klaatu's 
musicianship with the Beatles' on his New York 
City radio show. 

Capitol Records, now beseiged with a strong 

by Tim MackeuzJe 
Arts Etiitor 

Todd Rundgren is one . of those 
fortunate individuals who can do 
jus t about anything he damn well 
pleases. His various endeavors 
include singing, songwri~ng and 
guitar playing in addition to his 
reputation as a sound engineer and 
producer par excellence. Rund-
gren also has that endearing 
quality of being a chameleon in the 
rock and roll jungle, changing his 
colors whenever it suited him. 

Rundgren, though, has done with 
Utopia what Paul McCartney has 
hoped to do with Wings : form a 
band that will equally share the 
responsibilities of composing and 
performing. Maybe it gets too hot 
under the spotlight. 

The late '60s saw Rundgren 
coming oft as a roaring faggot, 
replete with multi-colored rainbow 
hair and his Sergeant Pepperish 

Of Ra, he says " It rea lly is the 
fi rst Utopia LP. It sounds like a 
group. The last transition made the 
difference. The new beass player 
(Kasim Sulton) was a singer too, so 
we could do vocals together. I don't 
have to sing all the leads anymore. 
I was still doing most of the singing 
on the last tour. Now we're 
rebalancing the material for the 
new Utopia show. We're a four-
man band now - I think it will last 
and last." Coming from a man who 
once had green hair .. . outfits. But he changed his image Todd Rundgren re aches Utopia. 

through the years as he changed . r----~------~----------_, 
his bands, going from Nazz to Runt 
and finally to today's Utopia. The 
colored hair went out and Playboy 
Playmate girlfriends were in . 

Last week's Utopia concert 
added yet another chapter to the 
life of Rundgren, a man considered 
a legend in a few people's minds. 
With an elaborate set that Included 
a pyramid, fire breathing 
dragons and a sphinx that did 
everything but snort coke, Utopia 
dazzled the Civic Theater audience 
and even managed to impress 
some of them with the music, 
which sadly took a back seat to the 
props. 

Most of theevening 'smusic came 
from the new Ra LP, an ambitious 
but overpowering work conceived 
by the band to create images of 
ancient Egypt. Most of Rundgren's 
golden oldies, including " Hello, It's 
Me" and " I Saw The Light," were 
ignored as well as last years Fait~ 
luI tIDIes. Of the Ra material, the 
best was an explosive 

::~~~'Wi~J;:!o:;;::, and MAR5I1Al TuckER BANd 
nationwide demand for Klaatu, has responded to 
the interest by releasing a single from the KIa.tu 
album. Released earlier on a regional basis in the 
Detroit area, the single Is "Calling Occupants" 
blw "Sub-Rosa Subway. " 

The musicianship, for the most 
part, was better than adequate . " I 
don't consider myself a really good 
guitar player," RUndgren said. " I 
have good spurts, but in general I 

Manager Davies dodges the answer to the 
ultimate Klaatu question which is, "When will 
Klaatu identify themselves?" Davies lets it suffice 
to say that clues to the group's identity exist on the 
Klaatu LP to tip off the true identity of the band. 
These clues , according to Davies, include morse 
code messages on "Sub-Rosa Subway" and clever 
riddles hidden in the art work. Davies adds, " The 
group feels that a lot of the questions that have 
arisen regarding their first album will be resolved 
when their second one is released." 

don't thinIt that's what my ch 
strength is. My strength is more 
my ability to conceptualize and 
then to subsequenUy verbalize that 
conception." Of synthesizer player ---..,-. 
Roger Powell, RUndgren adds " It's 
truly a remarkable instrument in 

. the hands of someone who knows 
how to play it and can betlisastrous 
played by those who don't, but 
Po weD is one of the best on the 
planet. He constantly amazes." 

SCHOOL OF MUSIC 
announces 

SCHOLARSHIP 
AUDITIONS 

for the 1977-78 academic year 

Valencia, California- April 23, 1977- 10:00 a_m. to 4 p.m . 
California I nltitute of the Arts. 

New students (undergraduate or first -year waduate) in the fol -
lowing performance speciali zations will be given specia l consid-
eration for the awarding of 4 futl and 4 one-half t ui t ion scholar · 
ships : Harp, Harpsichord, Clarinet , Frenotl I-forn , Violin, Voice 
(a II ranges). 

Harp, hM',.lchord, piano and eccompIni.t wilt _ pr~d. ",.,.. 
plicantt mu.t pro,ide _II MOI_y mu.1c .ear •. 
An appointment to audition II required. 

For audit ion appointment , appl icat ion and further informat ion 
contact : Office of Admission., Cal iforn ia " 'lS t it ute of t he Ar ts, 
Valencia, California 91355. (805) 255-1050, ext . 185. 

CaI Arts I ~ a privately supported ins t itution of higher education 
devoted exclusively to the visual and performing arts with 
Schools o f Art and Design, Dance, Film/Video, Music and 
Theatre offering B.F.A., M.F.A_ and c rtilicate programs . 

****************************** 
• • 
· -. 
: MANDEVILLE LECTURES '77 ~ 
: presents : 
• • • 
• i 
• 

RAMSEY CLARK 
former U.S. Attomey General 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

"The American Dream: Dream or Reality?': ... 

************ : 
April 26, 8:00pm ~ 
Mandeville Auditorium : 
Admission: FREE • 

************ 
for more information 425-4559 

• • 

***************************-* 

ir 
ir 
.. 
iC 
.. 
iC 
.. 



,.,..,. 
...... h •• 'S 

Women Netters Lose 
In Evenly Matched Play 

by Judy W.ltoa 
SIaffWrHer 

DeSpite a 7-2 defeat for the UCSD 
women's teMis team against Cal 
State Dominguez Hilla last Friday, 
appearances SUUested that the 
two teams were evenly matched. 

Stroog playing by the Tritons 
despite gusty winds kept the games 
close, with most matches going 
into three sets to determine a 
winner. The match was not a 
league match for either team. 

Pam Gold, playing number two 
singles, and 8ebe Cabrero, number 
five singles, handed the Tritons 
their only two points of the match. 
Both players faced tough o~ 
ponents from Dominguez Hills, 
but managed to edge them out in 
tne third set, 7-5 for Gold and 6-4 for 
Cabrero. 

Paul Metsch III and John Gerdsen [r1 display their backhands in recent men's tennis action . The Tritons 
finished a disappointing 5th place in the AII·Cal tournament. 

Debbie Shapiro, number one 
singles player for the Tritons, lost 
to Lee Dunstedter in the third set, 
6-3. Both women looked almost 
evenly matched, with strong 
strokes and good footwork on both 
sides. According to Shapiro, "We 
are aU playing one position highe{ 
up on the ladder today, because our 
number one girl didn't show up. 
Nonnally, I'd face an opponent« 
probably slightly lower calibre." 

Men's Tennis 5th in Tourney 
As expected, there were no real 

surprises at the annual All-Cal 
tennis tournament held this past 
weekend in Santa Barbara.' 

meet. And without UCLA c0m-
peting, it was clear that UC 
Berkeley and UC Irvine, both 
national tennis powers, would 
battle for the team championship. 
The only real surprise was the n~ 
show of ue Riverside , another 
strong team. 

Like every year, UCLA failed to 
show, as the nationally to~ranked 
Bruins were beating crosstown 
rival USC in a crucial Pac~ dual 

7443 La Jolla Blvd 
454·3038 
Men & women - we specialize in haircutti~ onIy -

THE INSTITUTE FOR THE STUDY OF HUMAN KNOWLEDGE 
in cooperat ion with 

THE UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 
School of Education and College 01 Continu ing Education 

presents Two One-Cay Symposia 

April 30 or May' , 1977 
Los Angeles HYltt-ftegency Hotel 

EDUCATING BOTH 
HALVES OF THE 
BRAIN 

JOSEPH BOGEN, M.D. 
The Split Brain and the Human Duality 

PAUL BRANDWEIN 
The Duality of Mind: Implication for Educators 

JEANNINE HERRON 
L~ft-Handed People and Brain Organizat ion 

ROBERT ORNSTEIN, PH.D. 
Education and the Two Halves of the Brain 

Teaching-Stories 

Fusl S4S 00 elen Clay 
S2S 00 elch day (lulH,me stuoenll . copy 0' I.U required) 

---------
Mike checks payable 10 USC Of 
charge to a Masler Charge 

FlrSI Middle a a3nkA.mencard 

Clly 
Telephone 1 

Soc Sec No 

Occupation 

St;;;;--

Z'P 

w"'. 

a Check here ,I you WISh to receive L A Hya,,· 
Regency reservation Informallon 

a Check M,e,' you Wish 10 ,ecelve USC·CECHs 
ee"lflcete 

NO __________ ~--__ 
Expires __ Amount $ __ 

Drawer . LlcenH. Numbef & Slate 

For IOlormatlon and registration 
USC extens,on and Conferences 

DIYlslon 
Administration BUilding 353-TM 
UntverSlty Park 
LOS Angeles. C.Ii'o,n,. 90007 
Te lephone 1213) 746·241 0 

UCSD finished fifth in the six 
team, three day round-robin 
competition, scoring 14 points. 
Berkeley, meanwhile, totaled 41, 
edging out Irvine with 39 for the 
team title . UCSB took third place 
iwth 21 points, followed by Davis 
with 17, UCSD and uCSanta Cruz 
brought up the rear with 2. 

Coach Tad Yamaguchi expected 
his squad to finish as high as third 
place, but some close matches and 
tough daily pairings prevented his 
expectations from materializing. 

On Friday, the Tritons met 
UCSB, losing 6-3. Against the 
Gauchos, UCSD won only one 
singles match (Yamaguchi hoped 
for 3 singles wins) and 2 of 3 
doubles matches. Yamaguchi 
thought if the Tritons could win this 
match, third place was within 
reach. That afternoon, Berkeley 
blanked UCSD, 9~. 

Saturday'S matches saw UCSD 
battle Davis for a possible fourth 
place finish, but the Tritons fell, 6-
3. Several of the singles matches 
went the full three sets. Irvine shut 
out UeSD, 9-0, later in the day. 

Against Santa Cruz on Sunday 
morning, UCSD won handily,8-l. 

Yamaguchi cited the play of Jon 
Gerdsen, a junior from Orinda; 
freshman Paul Metsch from 
Riverside Poly HS (where he was 
randed 24th in the SoCal junior 
play ) and Bill Hein as outstanding 
for the tournament. The trio 
showed good strength and they 
suffered close loses against Davis 
and Santa Barbara. 

All thi-ee doubles teams suffered 
losses to Dominguez Hills, which 
was somewhat disappointing. 
Dana Wooster and Linda 
Schlesinger looked the most 
hopeful in the first set, with a close 
7-5 defeat. But the ~cond set 
clinched the victory for 
Dominguez Hills, 6-2. 

According to Peggy Eurman, 
number six singles player, "It was 
a fun match, well-played. Despite 
the final score (6-1,6-2), each game 
in itself was very close. They've 
got a very good team." UCSD is 
looking forward to playing another 
match against Cal State 
Dominguez Hills in the near future, 
since the players seemed so evenly 
matched. Dominguez HiDs came in 
second in their league play. Their 
season is already over. 

UCSD lost the first six games of 
league play, but won the next three 
straight in an unbroken winning 
streak. Explained Triton coach 
Chris Mattson, "The first six 
teams we faced were the hardest 
competitors in the league. Now 
we're facing teams that should be 
easier to beat." 

Mattson added that, "This is 
probably our last year of league 
play, because next year the junior 
colleges will have their own 
league. I know we'll do our best in 
the remaining time we have ." 

THE EASTER TOAD IS HOPING 
HE CAN EGG YOU IN TO SEE OUR NEWLY 
BUT NOT COMPLETELY REDECORATED 

STORE FOR ALL YOUR EASTER GOODIES .•• 

7503 GIRARD AVENUE 
LAJOW 

One thing that is not lacking on 
the UCSD women's tennis team is 
enthusiasm. "Most people," said 
player Pam Gold, "think we are 
just a pretty spectacle to watch -
women tryiDg to play temis. What 

Sue Brennan 
they don't realize is that we are 
serious about our game and really 
work hard every day to improve 
our playing. We Ire not jim! out 
there for show." 

The women's tennis team came 
in sixth in All Cal competition 
hosted at UCSD over Spring break. 

Coed Team 
Tennis : 
New Sport 

Coed team tennis is a brand new 
intramural concept being in-
troduced at U~D. Each team will 
consist of four players, two males 
and two females, and will follow 
the format used in World Team 
Tennis. Prime court time will be 
reserved for matches on three days 
a week, to insure maximum 
scheduling flexibility. 

An organizational meeting will 
take place on Thursday afternoon 
at 4:00 pm in the recreation con-
ference room. 

Intramural Note: A record 1M 
teams signed up for the upcoming 
softbaU season. Sign-ups for Indoor 
Soccer and three-on-three 
basketball will be held today in the 
recreation conference room at3 :00 
and 4:00 pm respectively. 

---HAROlD 
and 

MAI.I)E 

7 &10 pm,Sat. 
April 16 

BSB 2100 Audit. 
Med School $I DO 
Sponsored by 4 th 
College Prog. Bd . 

w .. _ .... D,1m 

~==========================================~:~~~~~d~~bte~W;w~eR~nxmd~~O~f~the;;--IItt;w~a;s~a~~~ug~h~lo~u;rcfo~r~Tri~to~n;-~~~~;tf~ro~m;cCb;n.M~_totie 
.......... I_IN , 

by Rea Kato 
8pertI EdIter 

Led by OlympIan Karla FhIr. the 
West German natioaal womea'. 
basketball team downed the 
Tritons, 61-46, in a well contested 
match Saturday night. . UCSD 
pulled to within seven poiata in the 
second half but • aeries 01 tur-
novers dashed all hopes for a 
comeback. 

"We had some problems with the 
rules," said sa Osterfield's coach 
Dieter Brauer. The changeover 
from European to U.s. regulatiom 
did little, however, to slow down 
the fast paced, game pI8n of the 
West Germans. 

To .compensate for their height 
disadvantajle, the Weat German 
players umelfisbly passed the ball 
for opportunities at higher per-
centage shots. AIUIe C ........... led 
all scorers with 21 points, while 
teammates Carol · Hawley Carol 

UFOs ••• 
CoatiDued from Page 1 . 

the world checked out a story 
which involved two boys (ages 14 
and 13) spotting an object in an 
open field 

"They thought it was a water-
stack," said Garis, "that is wrtil 
they approached the object and it 
began to hum. A circle of red and 
white lights went on around the rim 
of the craft. Then it rose up on 
three podlike projections, and 
soared away." 

Consequent investigationa 
proved that: 

-three podlike impressions were 
found in the grolDld that had to 
have been made by an object of at 
least 800 pounds. 

-the boys, subjected to a battery 
of tests, came out 100 percent. 

-in the surrounding neigh-
borhoods (for three blocks), it was 
found that television and radio 
interference was extemely bUnae. 

-animals in the area were quite . 
disturbed. 

-a telephone wire was \mocked 
down-during the time the craft 
was believ.ed to have been there. 

SightiDgl Withheld NaUoawtde? 
Garis believes that such a lan-

ding, though unusual, is not unique, 
stating openly that, "I believe 
nationwide things are withheld" 
Noting that "the government 
probably withholds things not to 
create a panic," Garis cited the 
case of Congressman Gerald Ford 
who wrote to the House and Ser-
vices Committee asking that all 
UFO infonnation be released, and 
then as President, Ford did not 
follow through with his earlier 
suggestion. . 

"Though the United States 
tlovernment is hush bush about 
infonnatlon, other countries are 
not," said Garis. " We know that 

Bel 
ABORTION 

BIRTH CONTROL 

FREE PREGNANCY 
TESTING 

• Low Cost 
• Confldentlel 
• Financial Assistance 

Available to Those 
Who Qualify . 
BIRTH CONTROL 

INSTITUTE 
I 

283-8351 
Non-Profit public 

service agency 

day with a (QuI' over par 71, but pitcher Sieve RobeI1loD in the first the match with Del Mar's rubgy 
UCSD • a tAn could not hold off of a two game doublheader last club at 1~10, but this wasn't 
Grand 'Canyon CoDece in a 311-18 Saturday, as an unearned run enough for the Tritons as a late 
lou. \ provided the margin of vlctoty for scoring surge gave Del Mar a 18-10 

•••••••••• USIU. Despite Robertson's effort, win. 

Gebhardt chipped an eight apiece. 
SG Osterfleld Is on • four-pme 

tour « Southern California arid are 
undefeated in the flrat two outlnp. 

•••••••••• 

"I'll break the school record in 
the next meet," predicted discus 
thrower Rick Petberldle after 
placing third in the event at the 
11th Annual Riverside Invitational 
track meet. If positive thinking Us . 
the key to success, Petherbridge Us 
on his way to becoming 8 star. 

Other bright spots for the Triton 
tracksters at Riverside included 8 
lifetime best 2:01.5 run by Joe 
S&arvtab in the 800 meters and a 
seasonal best 37: 31 clocking by 
MartIa Hickey in the 10,000 meter 
run. Kevia Monda& doubled and 
respectively recorded marks of 
49.2 and 22'6" for the 400 meters 
and the long jump. 

•••••••••• • 

Triton golfer Rob Kruger 

our country has sent up aircraft 
against UFOs, and lost some, but 
there haven't really been any of-
ficially reported. Last year in 
Tehran, Iran, two Phantom jets 
were sent up after an object, at-
tempted to fire, and could not. 
Neither could they close on the 
object, although they were 
breaking the sound bamer. 
Additionally, there was radar 
confirmation and visual sighting 
by two control tower observors. 
The story made the front page of 
the national newspaper." 

Garis cited "unusual" cases 
which have occurred in the US, 
Including the Betty and Barney 
Hill case (where the two were 
allegedly brought aboard a 
spaceship), and the conaequences 
which resulted from it-namely, 
the founding « a new, confirmed 
star system, Beta Reticu1i, which it 
is believed Betty Hill described 
explicitly under hypnosis (and was 
later scientifically "found"). 

Additionally, Garis described 
one American Airlines pilot who 
was so shook up upon seeing a UFO 
that he wasonthevergeofquitting, 
and another pilot who called in a 
Mayday upon seeing what he 
tenned "something the size of a 
747" crash in~ the sea near the San 
On«re nuclear plant. Even more 
startling, Garis claims that every 
one of our space flights has had 
UFO sightings, with photos taken 
by the astrona uta. 

Noting the " incredible interest" 
in UFOs, Garis guest lectures 
around the county. He said on ooe 
KDEO talk show he stayed on for 
three and one half hours as o~ 
posed to the schedu)ed hour, with 
people at the station "literally 
unable to handle the switchboard." 
One caller was a German U-Boat 
conunander who claimed to have 

In a see-saw battle with ue 
Riverside, the Triton's volleyball 
squad came up abort in the fifth 
and final set to lose the match 13-
15, 11).12, 1~15, 11).10 and 1~15. The 
efforts put forth by Pbll MeIHe and 
Rlcb Moaroe kept UCSD In the 
contest. 

•••••••••• 

Encouraging progress was seen 
by crew coach Jack Vallerp at 
Newport Harbor this past 
weekend. The varsity eight, up 
against UC Irvine and SDSU, 
recorded their fastest time of the 
season with a 6:19 effort. The 
lightweight and freshman eights 
both improved on their times from 
the previous meet and the novice 
eight oubnuscled Irvine to win 
their heat by two and a half boat 
lengths. Junior Kolua ICirduneler 
was the standout for the novice 
squad with an excellent first time 
performance from the stroker 
position. 

seen several UFOs under the 
ocean. 

Hoax Pictures 
Naturally, with such a nation-

wide interest, and perhaps spurred 
on by the National Inquirer's offer 
of a million dollars for " proof" of 
UFOs, APRO comes upon many 
"hoaxes" every year. "We have 
experts who can sift out the trick 
photographs," said Garis, noting 
however that "some of the fakes 
are excellent." One San Diego 
"fake" was particularly good, with 
the photographer using a strobe 
light and spending what Garis 
believes must have been "hun-
dreds of hours" in getting "one 
flasher per stroke" image over the 
San Diego skyline. 

" Objects have been seen 
though," said Garis. " There have 
been UFO sightings all during the 
history of man. My personal 
feeling is that they can either be 
one of two things: a natural 
phenomena not known to our 
scientists, or spacen-aft controlled 
by an intelligent force of some 
type. The intelligent forms could 
either be extraterrestrial, or using 
Einstein's theory, future earth 
people come back to look at us ." 

Garis stresses APRO's scientific 
" outlook," and urges anyone who 
sights something unusual to give 
them a call at their 24 hour line 
(714-292-7207 ). "We're out to find 
the truth," he said. "We know 
respectable people are often 
harrassed for speaking out on their 
sightings, but the '?DIy way 
scientific data can be brought out 
is through people bringing 
sightings to our attention. Reports 
can be kept highly confidential." 

In the meantime Garis hopes 
that he too might one day be a 
" lucky person" who spots 
"something in the sky." 

Servlnl .arth COunl, Ind UClD ... 

PREVENTIVE OPTOMETRY 
Specializing in Water Soluble 
and Flexible Contact lenses 

OrthokeratolJ 
Visual Perception . 

"SO Cam ino 0.1 MorSuHe 8 De' Mar 
For on Appointment 755-5484 

UCSD was held without a run and The women's team trounced 
lost by the score of1~. The Triton's their opponents earlier in the day, 
also dropped tl)e second game in defeating Riverside 30-0. Sldae 
extra innings, when USIU scored Clark had an outstanding day 
twice on the top of the tenth to edge according to coach Dug Beaaan, 
UCSD 4-2. scoring from a ~orward as well as a 

•••••••••• 

Brad Iwaaaga scored on an 

,. 

back positio~ FraDcme Brown 
dominated' the backfield for the 

Tri~n's and Kitty RobiDsoD scored 
her first goal of the Season. 

Brad Iwanoga scores a goal ogainsl Del Mar Rugby Club. The Tritons, lost 
the match 18· 10. but beat Del Mar in the Traditional "Easter Beer hunt" on 
Saturday . 

1096 DISCOUNT 
on any l1 urch tlse with th is coupon ad 

We wan t you 10 try a new dimension 
in soup & sa lad restaurants . 
We make our own soups and offer 
a choice of four, a thick casserole, 
sal ad bar. meat sendwiches or quiche. 
For dinner, after 5, we add an entree . 

.. ' We al so serve beer, w ine, and great 
desse rts . 
Our pr ices are low; example: 
sou p or sandwich & salad bar ... S2.59 
Salad bar or sandwich & cassero le .. . S2.95 

8 A .M . to 10 P.M. Daily 

7610 FA Y AVE . LA JOLL A . (714 ) 459·0504 

TABLE TENNIS 
TOURNAMENT 
SATURDAY, APRIL 16 gam 
RECREATION GYM 
All Levels - Beginning 

Intermediate 
(Handicapping) Advanced 0 

I 

P 
1st 200 3m Prizes in All Divisions 

Grand Prize PING PONG TABLE 
:> Donated by CARNEGIE A-440 PIZZA 

, 0 
, , 

\ ' 
\ ' 

Entry Fee $1.00 
Sign-up MtW,F 2-4:30pm in 
Recreation Gym - Room 20 

c 

I 
\, 

/ 



Pap It 

. 

kovsiNG 
Grad will tutor math. calculus, trig stats 
theory and ptoblem sotYing cfear un-
derstanding Dan 753-8952 (4/18) 

Need 1 male roommate $115 for own room .... 
mile to UCSD. Nice apt. smokers (All kinds). 
OK~52-9461 

TRAVEl 
Moving to New England area In Aptll-June? 
Will pay $175 to have my undrlvable MGB in 
Santa Fe N . M. picked up_ Send name, ad· 
dress, phone immediately to Bill Karp clo 
Trautman , ;)03 Tappan St . Brookline Mass. 
02146. 

Europe. Israel. Onent. Australia. NY & ChI. 
Complete student travel center. AIST. 291 S. 
La Clenaga BI "01 Be'l8fly Hills. 213/657 -
2727 (6/t2) 
EUROPE' lnexpenSive camptng. student I 
facully fllghls. Write or call for free 
brochure Nal ional Student Travel Bureau 
1007 Boxton Ay. Ml8. LA .. CA 90024 
213/478-0220 (4122) . 
Book now - t:>ook on campus! 
Europe. Hawaii & Australia 
Charter flighls 
CIEE sludent Travel Servlc,s . 
Open week~ys 1-5 pm 452·0630 
Low cost trops to ports and Yillages in the 
South Pacific . Free catalog: Goodman's 
Good Travel Tours. Dept . SO 5332 College 
Ave., Oakland, CA M18 (4/29) 
calpirg Is soticitlng nominations for Its local 
board - Calplrg st .. dent orgs . B023 La Jotla 
92023 

WAN I 
5 :)p No pilla. No ahocka, I , Minimal withdrawal ,ffeeta. ......... Prof ... lona' a.aff. 
SMOKING! 

Call 454-9565 ANYTIME 
THE Smok.ra' Program, La Jolla, Calif. 

• rIt"II.IIIII~ 

Low cost trops to ports and y" "o8s In the 
South Pacific. Free catalog : Goodman's 
(4/ 29) Good Travel Tours, Dept. SO 5332 
CoII"lle Ave .. Oakland , CA 94618 (4/29) 

jobs 
High pay ing positions for summer work stili 
available. Trayel Involved . Phone for In-
terview 459-4396 (4/15) 
Summar J_ back east earn great money. 
For an in tervieW call 1-459-4396. 

PERSONAls 
UniY of Massachusetts-Amherst : If you've 
been there , I need Info. AI. 452-9161 . 
District aHorney Ed Miller will meet with 
students & faculty Wed 5 pm In the North 
Conference Rm. 

r:~~~~~~~' 

t Kinko's Special t 
t Copies • 
t 21/2 ¢ • t each ' 
t t Kinkos 
t 
'---

Hey Kavln -- YaM you w I the Add Idas bag 
and Nlke running shoes. Happy belated t>-

~y. Keep running - Banut 
Dear Ayg Inc s'too bad you're wasting your 
time with notable exceptions when you could 
have the real thlng_ A 450'er 

Krls Nelson come back for tha baby's sake. 
My mom & dad forgive you. 

Tin man making-up Is the best part-If you 
know wpat I mean! Luy. the doll In tioga 
(mild pie monster) 
Need ex tr. cash? Paying top dollar for US 
sliver coins before 1965. Also buy ing old US 
cotns. Ken 7~7371 

YOllng, discriminating gotdbrlcker, 20, 
looking for beautiful mlilionalrels-with heart 
condition. Contact Afan Russell In Triton 
Times office . 

Kris-Happy blnhday ! Dlmer''l on me. You 
pick the place and I' ll choose the time. Dan -
next-door. 

Come to the UJS conclaye singing with 
Debbie Friedman Dance with Shlomo Bachar 
Jewish folkfore humor meet people and have 
fun April 22-24 for more In fo call Robin 452-
9804 (4/15) 
Come to the UJS conclave April 22-24 Jewish 
Folklore and Humor singing and danCing 
with professionals cost S25. 30. after April 18 

• (4/15) 
INEXPENSIVE contacts: Fie. : $100-125, soft : 
S22f>o250. Incs. all sludent will rafer you free 
297-6766 (4/15) 
Typing IBM selectric . Theses, term papers, 
elc. 452-1588 evenings. (6/6) 

TWO FOR THE PRICE 
OF ONE 

ON ALL 
GLASSES 

TWO PAIR OF 
GLASSES COMPLETE 
(including wire frames) 
With every pair of prescription glasses 
purchased, receive an additional pair of 
prescription glasses in one of a variety of 
selected frames. 
Single Vision 
Two pair from 

Bi-Iocals 
Two pair from 

. $39.50 complete 
$54.50 complete 

• We guarantee the glass in each frame 
against breakage for a lull year. 

• Glasses made while you wail in most cases. 
• Full line 01 nationally advertised designer 

frames & tinted lenses. 
• Pft:l~(,1 ilJlions filled, gl(l<;s~s duplicated. 
• Custom tinting of plastic lenses while 

you wait. 

ON 
CONTACTS * 

Two pair af Conventional 
Contact Lenses complete. 

Lifetime insurance and 
contact lens care kit 

included. 

Two pair of Flexible 
Contact Lenses complete_ 

Lifetime insurance and 
contact lens care kit 

included. 
*One pair of Soft-lens 

$125 
$150 

Contacts complete $1 9850 (Bausch & Lomb and 
Hydro-curve brands). • 

including lens care kit. 

II you are not satisfied, contacts will be 
bought back. 
Eye exams given. 

ASK ABOUT OUR FAMILY PLAN! 
MASTER CHARGEr BANIWIERICAAD AND OTHER CREDIT TERMS AVAILAILE. 

CALL FOR AN APPOINTMENT -<>PEN 6 DAYS A WEEK 

M.tlon.' City-Chul. Villi 
474-6733 AI $ __ AOMI Ex~ off 106 

( .... _ .. -..,) 
S. hlb18 _not 

Open Wed ....,;n08 I~ I 

Wednesday, Aprlll!, 1977 

• SERVICES 
RESEARCH . Thousands of papers on IIle. 
Eyery sublect . A- to-Z research , 10990 
Witshire Blvd. '214 , Los Angeles 90024, 
213/479-1096 (6112) 

Have a cassetta deck? Record your own 
- tapes? I'm tired of paying outrageous ptlces 

when buying ' blank tapes . Lets chip In and 
maka massive buy of qU8l~y tapes at low 
ptlces. call soon . 5 tapes or more Chuck 454-
9210 after six_ 
Photo studio. Studenl Center. (4/18) 

WANTEd 
Wanted - A used wetsull, full or summer cut. 
Five foot lan, one hundred sixty Ibs. Call 
Stan 453-1847 (4/13) 
Ernest Heath - been losing things lately - I 
found It all at the bus stop. Conlacl Me late 
eves. 453-7580 

Lost blue ralncape with blue & red plaid 
lining & attached hoOd. If found please call 
271-8326 

Lost : Blue warm-up jacket wi red & white arm 
stripes. Sun 4/1 0 on Muir field. Please call 
Jim at 755-2425 (4/18) 
Tennis - 2 women needed to complete an 
Intramural " team tennis" team. Call 436-1152 
ask for Russ 

Carpool - I IIYe In the No Park area and want 
people to share commuting with call 298-
8128 Shelll 

fOR SALE 
Robert August surfboard 7'8" Beautiful 
condition $100_ Call Markllt 452-9404 (4/18) 

76 Pontiac Astre, air , PS, PB, whitewall 
radials , 5-spd manual, digital tach, extras, 
6500 miles, 33 mpg, below blue book , 459-
8475(4/20) 

Accounting For Management Controt • Eoon 
173 $10 Judy Yamagata .3800-Message or 
27~9426 aher5 IlfO (4/15) 
Soundcraftsman Preamp-Eq ~IIIZer 5325 
Sherwood d igital FM tuner 5300 Phillips 
GA212 w/Mlcro Acousti cs ODC IE $125 KOss 
ESP-9 headphones $75 Map nepan MG2 
speakers S400 all In perfect condition 75f>o 
6380 (4 /15) 
Pianos for rent . Special student rates_ Call 
276-6064 lea_e message (4118) 

Tickets for S.D. Symphony available for 4/15 
and 4 / 29 concerts. Two together on orch 
left . Call 279-0477. (4/13) 
Yamaha acoushc gUitar model FG-160TK : 
unscathed. Yirtually unused: S100 , 453-7942. 
(4/15) 

Candidates ... 
Continued from Page 1 

students in Alameda County of a 
court ruling that student living -
in the married student housing 
there has to pay a possessary 
income tax. Many students here 
feel this might happen in San 
Diego County; 

- Weapons research at UCSD 
by reviewed; 

- Student program funds use 
of alcoholic beverages be 
reviewed; 

- A Z-graljing system, where 
student can drop a course up 
until the final, be implemented; 

- Constitutional convention be 
convened in May to clarify the 
AS constitution. 

Administrators bp. 
prohibited from interfering in 
the allocation of the $6 per 
quarter Campus Activity Fee; 

- Chancellor McElroy wear a 
bunny rabbit suit and be 
available to talk to students on 
Revelle plaza, every Wed-
nesday from ten until two. 

This looks like an election 
unlike that UCSD has ever 
experienced before. 

~OOMMUNI'i:Y~ 
· . ~LOODBANK~ 
· . 

· 
· 
· 
· • 

9a.nd .. 
327 FStreet 

• 

: PAYS DONORS 
· 
· 
· • torServioe 

Mon.· Fri . 
• 233-5481 
: 234·4601 • 
· . ......................•....••••. 

WeUHdIIY. "prI U, 1m tritoD times ' 

HERE'S ONE ENGINEERING OPPORTUNI. Y' 
YOU WON'T GET IN PRIVATE INDUS. RY. 

If you're thinking about a 
career in engineering, think 
about this. 

How many companies can 
offer you a nuclear submarine 
to operate? The answer is 
none. Equipment like this is 
available only in one place ... 
the Navy. 

The Navy operates over 
half the nuclear reactors 
in America. So our training is 
the broadest and most com-
prehensive. We start by 
giving you a year of advanced 

engin~ring technology. In 
graduate school, this would 
cost you thousands, but in 

the Navy, we pay you. 
Once you're commissioned 

as a Nuclear Propulsion 
Officer, you'll earn a top 
salary. Over $24,000 a year 
after four years. And you'll be 
responsible for the most 
advanced equipment 
developed by man. All the 
Navy asks in return is that 
you serve for 3 years on active 
duty upon completion of your 
training. 

You have only lmtil May 
15th to enroll in this year's 
Navy Nuclear Propulsion 
Candidate Program. If you 
are majoring in engineering, 
math or phY1ical sciences, 

NAVY OFFICER. 

contact your placement office 
to find out when a Navy 
recruiter will be on campus. 
Or call toll free, 800-841-8000 
(in Georgia, 800-342-5855) 
for more information. And if 
you're still a junior, ask about 
the Navy's NUPOC Collegi-
ate Program, which pays you 
up to $6,000 during your 
semoryear. 

The Navy. When it come 
to nuclear training, no 
one can give you the same 
opportunities_ 

II'S NOT JUSTA JO.,II 'S AN ADVENTU 

Papll 



Pale 11 

Iggy Po 
CoDtin from Page' 

bloodlust, w nEto know when 
Iggy would ki;l ' If. 

Iggy Pop I e ins alive to this 
day, however, and The Idiot, his 
new Bowie produced album, shows 
him worse f( r wear. Everything 
that had typified his music before-
inarticulate rage, psychetic self 
abuse, sexual hysteria, relentless 
volwne-is absent on this disc and 
has been replaced by Bowie's 
plagiarized avant-gardiams. The 
music is a vague, unshaped drone 
associated to rock and roll only by 
a rhythmically dull backbeat, 
Iggys' singing has shed its pinched 
nerve screaming for a detached, 

Solar Energy ... 
Continued from Page 5 

natural gas system, 70 to 80 per-
cent of the water heating and 
cooling will be provided for. The 
remaining percentage will be 
heated by the original natural gas 
furnaces, which will be maintained 
asa backup. 

inanimate murmur, and the lyrics 
read like the notebook of a shock 
treatment patient. What made 
199y appealing in the first place-
his Wlabashed exhibitionism, 
honest anti-intellectualism, his 
struggle for recognition in a cold, 
unfeeling universe - has been 
muted to the degree oflnvisibility. 
Bowie has attempted to make him 
over into something he and avant 
garde ce .. clel can only dimly 
understand, and the result is that 
Iggy is little more than a basket 
case displayed in gallery of 
cultural oddities. Sad to say, but 
this seems the only conceivable 
way poor Iggy could have survived 
'til now. 

To guarantee the long life of 
Project Sunshower, Altman said 
they used " hundred year 
materials." These are basic raw 
materials such as wood, glass and 
steel that should be available for 
well over one hundred years in 
case repairs are necessary . 

FREE CHECKING \ 
no minimum balance 

University City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 

453·8030 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & IvanhOE: 
La Jolla , CA 92037 

459·9711 

I rllt •• IIIIM'S 

University & Industry Relationship: 
Sweethearts Or Vital Partners? 

by Hugb MclDtOllb 
Staff Correlpoadeat 

To some legislators here the 
term " university research" 
conjures up visions of Franken-
stein-like scientists in fuming 
laboratories who secretly create 
mutan-life fonns out of DNA and 
build laser powered death rays, all 
on taxpayers' money. 

To others, university research is 
a sweetheart relationship between 
professors and industrialists in 
which the fonner can ignore their 
tedious students while inventing 
exciting new labor saving profit-
making machines for the latter, all 
on taxpayers' money. 

This week, UC officials will try to 
exorcise these visions during state 
budget hearings of an University 
request for 56 million dollars of the 
taxpayers' money for research. 
Except for an inDation allowance, 
the University is asking for the 
same amount it received this year. 

" There is certainly no secrecy 
about the kind of research we do," 
said UC Academic Vice-president 
Donald Swain. The research 
project and the results are all open 
to the public . 

Yet it is difficult to find out how 
much money goes to each project. 
Swain said budget requests are not 
broken down on a project-by-
project basis because of the con-
tinously changing research 
p~iorities of the Universtiy. 

New flexibility 
" We need this flexibility to do 

what (reasearch) we think is 
needed," he said. 

James Kendrick, UC Vice-
president of Agricultural Sciences, 
denied ther e is a sweetheart 
r e lationship between the 

University and industry. He said 
that essentially, the University 
does not do any research for in-
dustry with non-industry money. 

"People feel the University is a 
clinic for the agriculture in-
dustry," said Kendrick, wboIe 
department receives about half of 
the research money. "They think 
we sit here and wait for some 
problem to be identified (by in-
dustry), and then jump in." 

Kendrick said that agricultural 
problems are usually identified 
when fanners or people from the 
more than 50 UC agricultural 
extensions notify his department of 
them. The problems are in-
vestigated, and experiments might 
be conducted, he said. 

The mechanical tomato har-
vester introduced in 1964 is often 
pointed to as an example of the 
allegedly free research performed 
by the University for the 
agriculture industry . 

The idea for the harvester 
originated with some agricultural 
engineers at the University, 
Kendrick said. They were simply 
looking for ways to relieve the ' 
drudgery of farm labor, so they 
decided to develop a tomato 
picking machine. 

Kendrick said the University did 
not view the development of the 
harvester as a way to help the 
agriculture industy de.al with the 
unionization of farm workers, as 
had been charged. 

Saxon Explains Research 
UC President David Saxon ex-

plained University research in a 
much broader context. In a recent 
speech, Saxon said the University 
and society have a relationship 
throuhg research that is supportive 
and beneficial to both of them. 

"What our universities have is a 
partnership in the unending search 
for the better understanding of our 
universe and the greater will being 
of its inhabitanta," he said. 

There is a ready market for 
applied research because it 
provides a solution to an im-
mediate problem. It is profitable 
and therefore performed 
throughout society, especially in 
industry, he said. ' 

Basic research, on the other 
hand, seeks knowledge for the sake 
of understanding. It is not, in the 
short nul, a profit making business 
for the industry, he said. 

"The actual fact is that basic 
research ultimately turns out to be 
not only profitable, but crucial to 
our progress," Saxon said. 
Universities have been established 
by society to seek new knowledge 
even if its discovery serves no 
practical purpose. 

" Basic research provides the 
raw materials on which applied 
research and technology must 
draw. Without these new 
materials, society's problem-
s\)lving abilities would soon be 
limited to better applications d. 
existing knowledge. 

" Although basic research is 
necessary for the advancement of 
applied research, the converse is 
also true, " added Saxon. 
Technological development has 
been indispensable to the search 
for new knowledge. 

" It seems to me that the 
message foir both the University 
and the broader society is clear," 
Saxon stated. "We need each other 
if we are to broaden our un-
derstanding and to look for 
solutions to our problems." 

SPRING IS FOR 
NEW BEGINNINGS 

This Spring at UCSD a Sororiiy's Beginnings 

A 
o 

• If you're a woman under.rad 
• If you're Interested In 

participation 
• If you'd like a unique lifetime 

friendship experience 
• If you want to add a rewardln. 

dimension to your UCSD life 

Come get acquai~ted with us , 
We'll be in the Student Center Study Lounge 

Thursday and Friday 
between lOam and 5:30 pm 

April 14 and 15th 

Call 452-8453 for Info 
or about dinner m .. tlna 

Thursday, April 14 at .pm 

Alpha Omicron Pi International Sorority 



-
MISSING PAGES 

April 15, 1977 

Vol. 31 

No.6 

Pages 
. . 

3-6 
UCLA Reprographic Service • 


