
ity Desk------
A Weekly SUNey of 

State and Local News 
NOrth City West Proposal Up Again 
The San Diego City Council has scheduled an open public hearing 

Wednesday at 2:00 pm before it decides the fate of the North City West 
Financing plan proposed by NCW property owners. 

T 

Volume 31, Namber 1. 

~ 

limes 
UCs.aOWC· 

Monday, May 9, 1977 

North City .West is a proposed housing development located 
northeast of U~D, off Interstate 5. 

Accordmg to Dick Wilkens, a consultant (or the councll's Ulna use 
and transportation committee, council approval of the plan would 
"initiate a six~month study program in which proponents of the plan 
and City Manager Hugh McKinley will have to prove its feasibility." 

ASUCSD Vote Begins Wednesday 
To testify before the council, one should either register at the City 

Clerk's office, located direcUy across the hall from council chambers 
(on the twelfth floor of the City Administration Building downtown) or 
just stand up when testimony is requested during the hearing. 

Council Seats, College Governments also to be Picked 
by Reed Alpert 

Staff Writer 

Pads and . City Enter Extra Innings Democracy springs into action once again this Wednesday and 
Thursday as the ASUCSD will hold 
its run~ff election along with the 
Revelle, Muir and Fourth College 
elections. 

San Diego City Councilman 
Floyd Morrow, an ardent o~ 
ponent of re-negotiation of the 
city's loan terms for the San 
Diego Padres, almost succeeded 
in blocking approval of the new 
terms last week when the council 
was scheduled to vote on the plan 
with only five members present. 

Morrow was ready to vote 
against the plan and cause it to 
lose without a five-member 
majority. But Deputy Mayor Lee 
Hubbard, author of the proposed 
new loan terms for the ball team, 
suggested delaying the vote for 
another week, when more council 
members presumably would be 
present. 

However, Morrow felt the 
council should not have delayed 
the matter another week just 
because other members were not 

Third College plans to hold their 
elections the following Wednesday 
and Thursday after a General 
Assembly next Tuesday. Third is 
holding off on their elections 
because they haven't received 
enough applications. 

present, and he walked Floyd Morrow 

The ASUCSD run~ff will consist 
of: President : Steve Grady and 
Jeff Leifer; Vice-Presdient ;' 
Pauline Breeden and Mark Sindler 
and Commissioner of Academic 
Affairs: Brad Drexler and Laura 
Kerl. Two other positions are also 
on the ballot that didn't appear in 
the April 20-22 elections because no 
applications had been received. 
They are : Commissioner of 
Elections : Loretta E. Dortiy, and 
Commissioner of Appointments 
and Evaluations: Stephen M. 
Jason and James A. Lofgren. out of the meeting. The council thus lost its quorom for 50 minutes until 

Mayor Wilson was retrieved from other business in the city. It then 
voted to continue the item until Wednesday. 

On the individual college ballots, 
students will be choosing their 
college's three representatives to 
the ASUCSD Council. The four 
candidates from Revelle are: 

The council had been scheduled to review the new plan it approved 
two weeks ago (City Desk, April 25) which would give the Padres 10 
years to repay $2.14 million loaned them by the city for promotional 
purposes. Keith Carter, Steven V. Kozmary, 

Steve McGirr and Kathryn Wade. 
The seven Fourth College ca~ 
didates are: Reddy Biggs, Janet 
Bills, Steven Breckier, Brian M. 
Koperek, Robert S. McAdam, 
Kenzie S. Nicoll and Mark T. 
Wilson. Muir students will vote for 
two of the representatives and the 
third will be chosen by the Muir 
College Council. Muir's candidates 
are : Anita Vittor, Andy Schneider 
and Keven Eckery. 

Student Housing Bill Progresses 
SACRAMENTO-Legislation to include students under the protection 
of the Rumford Fair Housing Act successfully met its first challenge in 
the state Assembly last week. 

The bill, which would ouUaw housing discrimination against 
students, was approved by the Assembly Committee on Housing and 
Community Development by a four to one vote. The bill was in-
troduced by Howard Berman (D-Beverly Hills) at the request of the 
UC Student Lobby. 

"As long as students are able to meet the same obligations that are 
imposed on other tenants, then it is unfair to refuse them housing 
solely on the basis of their student status," Berman said when he in~ 
troduced the bill last month. 

All three individual college 
ballots also include a choice of how 
the college's ASUCSD reps will be 
chosen in the future . In addition, 
the Revelle ballot has candidates 
for its Revelle Committee of 
College Affairs and questions 
about college activities. 

Bennan introduced a similar bill in the last legislative session. The 
bill passed the Assembly and the Senate Committee on Local 
Government, but it died one vote short in the Senate Finance Com-
mittee. 

Part 2 of the Ynrk lnterview 

Special lnterests Prolonging Arms Race 
by Bert Lee 
Staff Writer 

Political and economical coercion for nuclear 
arms? Are the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks 
(SALT) effective? Is nuclear terrorism something we 
should fear in the near future? Do people frankly 
give a damn about current anns build up? Again we 
delve into the weapons issue with noted expert 
Herbert York. 

Herbert York 

TT: Are political leaders of both the US and USSR 
under political pressure by special interest groups 
who have a vested interest in the arms race? 

York: Yes. There is no solution that I know that 
effectively deals with this problem. What I try to do is 
keep the public sensitized, both through the media 
and my influence on top government officials. But 
clearly the level of sensitization on all fronts is in-
sufficient at this time. Perhaps this in part is due to 
the influence of vested interest groups to maintain the 
impetus of the anns race. 

TT: It appears then that public opinion and a~ 
prehension are crucial variables in halting the anns 
race. But is it not also clearly perceptible that the 
public is becoming desensitized to the arms race? 

York: That's true. CurrenUy there is no sign that 
the public is very broadly concerned. Only specialists 
such as myself are really applying any sort of 
political pressure on the public officials in both the 
Congress and the Executive Branch. But we must 
also keep in mind that the arms race is a two sided 
affair. Not only must the American public and 

.= govenunent be concerned with the gravity of the ~ nuclear arms build up, but other major natiOlMltates 
~ as well. The political leadership of all powers must 

~ remain sensitized to the issue. 
~ IT: Is reaching a consensus in the SALT talks 
a enough? 
1= 

Continued on Pale U 

The Muir ballot also contains 
candidates for its college council. 
The Fourth ballot includes can-
didates for five of its college 
boards and a number of con-
stitutional ammendments. 

Revelle, Muir and Third quads, in 
front of the gym and on the Fourth 
campus. The individual college 
ballots will be available at all the 
polling places. Students will be 
filling out two ballots ; one for the 
ASUCSD and one for the student's 

The location of polls will be the college. 
r -----

~ 
~ ~ 

The Abusers [left) and the Tenacious Trikers stumble their way through one 
of the many pitfalls present on the track during the fourth annual Trike Race 
Saturday . The race serued to start the weeklong celebration of Muir College 
Week . [Story and another picture. page 12) 

Bill Tying Reg Fee Hike to 
State Money Request Passed 

by Hugh McIntosh 
Staff Correspondent 

SACRAMENTO-Two measures 
which would prevent the 
registration fee increase scheduled 
for next fall were approved 
Tuesday evening by a legislative 
subcommittee. 

The Assembly Ways and Means 
Subcommittee on Education voted 
four to zero to require the 
University to rescind the reg fee 
increase if the university wants 3.3 
million dollars of State money it 
requested for laboratory costs. 

The subcommittee also approved 
a resolution by Assemblyman Tom 
Bates (D-Oakland) calling on the 
Regents to rescind the reg fee 
increase. The resolution, ACR 18, 
also requests that each campus' 
reg fee committee be allowed to 
raise the fee only when the com-
mittee thinks it is necessary . 

"According to our calculations, 
there is simply no need for a fee 
increase in 1977-78," said Jon 
Haber, co-director of the UC 
Student Lobby . . "Worse yet, the 
increase may keep many qualified 
students who lack money out of the 
University of california." 

Program Cut-backs 
UC Vice-president Chester 

McCorkle said a number of 
programs might have to be cut 
back if the reg fee increase is 
rescinded. Among these programs 
are : intercampus exchange 
program, eqmic studies, teaching 
assistant loans, student services 
and library support. 

The Student Afflnnative Action 
Program might also be hurt. The 
subcommittee approved more than 

two million dollars for the 
program, but made it contingent 
upon 1.5 million dollars of mat-
ching money from the University. 

McCorkle said the University 
might not be able to come up with 
the $1.5 million for Affirmative 
Action if the reg fee increase is 
rescinded. The University would 
then be in danger of losing some or 
all of the state support for the 
program. 

There is not enough money now 
available to cover the cost of 
programs funded by the reg fee 
next year. But University officials 
and the Student Lobby disagree 
over the size of the deficit. The 
University predicts that it will be 
$7.4 million, but the Lobby says it 
will be only $6.5 million. 

According to the University's 
figures, the reg fee increase would 
bring in $7.3 million. This would 
still leave a shortfall of $100,000 to 
be made up in program cuts. 

But according to the Student 
Lobby, the deficit can be made up 
from uncommitted reg fee 
reserves on each campus without 
the increa e. Eahc campus could 
pay f( r 3 percent of its programs 
costs .vith re erve fWlds and the 
deficit would be eliminated, Haber 
said. 

R,. f_ • '''',,'.. . ""e ' 
Martha Cohen, chair of the reg 

fee committee at Berkeley said reg 
fee program costs clluld be 
reduced if everyone, especially Ule 
eneral public, were charged for 

using fee hmded programs such as 
th University Art MuseIUD c~d 
Center for Continuing Education of 
Women. 



.... z 

Commeptary - .. 

COl vocation Revoked 
"Learning is very, very hard." "I can't understand any school that 

would teach that the atomic theory could be wrong." Those are just two 
examples of t.he pedagogical inertia that existed and had to be contended 
with at the Revelle Convocation. 

As one who participated in one of the panel discussions I was greaUy 
disappointed with the results (so far) ofthe Convocation. Believe it or not 
learning is not difficult. Performing the intellectual gymnastics 
necessary for a good grade is, however. And phenomenology firmly in 
hand, the atomic theory is just a mind-game whose rules will chaJ'lge 
eventually. 

As one who participated in the Convocation last Sunday, I attempted to 
offe r input of a more liberal sort. My contention was that it was not what 
we learned as much as it was how we learned it. Roger Revelle (who was 
scribbling equations at the time) stated that " learning how to learn" was 
the objective of Revelle College. But where is the " learning how to learn" 
when, from first grade to college graduation, we are " taught" from 
lectures (the force feeding of " facts")? 

As one who partIcipated I am not saying " tear down the schoo~ now 
and make things different" (although it couldn't hurt ). But where 15 the 
diversity of input when virtually all participants, from alumni to profs to 
students to visiting B· IGoN°AoM·E·S, were all so conservative? How 
does one re-evaluate something [rom the same point of view? 

As one who participated last Sunday aftt'fnoon may I give you the 
results and summary of all the speeches, hoopla, parent particlpauon 
and student input (where were you guys?)? Okay. "I have seve~l 
childrpn who go to school from UCLA to aiUN and my youngest, who IS 
about ready for college, will probably go to Revelle because I think the 
breadth of education is marvelous." Go toa library. You get the same for 
a lot less money and mental agony. With very few exceptions this is sad 
but true (excuse the cliche ). 

So, despite the Convocation and because of the low student professor 
input and because of the ultra conservativeness, "What we have here is a 
failure to communica te ." 

JOAQUIN BEHINDO 

Wilderness Course Brings 
New Dimension to Learning 

Contemporary Issues 20, which 
is perhaps better known as 
Wilderness and the Contemporary 
Man, is one of the most exceptional 
courses this university has to offer. 
The class focuses on a most crucial 
contemporary issue ; man's effect 

. on his environment. The lectures 
are presented by authorities from 
various backgrounds, allowing 
students to gain insight on a wide 
range of subjects all relating to the 
wilderness. 

Each section approaches the 
wilderness from a different per-
spective; for example, one section 
may rockclimb while another 
section sails, skies or photographs. 
Whatever the focus, all sections 
require some weekend outings 
allowing the students to interact 
with the wilderness in a variety of 

ways. Because of these activities 
some may feel academics are de-
emphaSized. In reality , however, 
the weekend trips give students the 
opportunity to actually exercise 
what they have been taught. 
Therefore, a cademics are 
enhanced through a new dimension 
only affordable by instruction not 
dependent on books alone. 

This course is not strictly geared 
to the " outdoors" type. Since all of 
us affect the environment in some 
way , it is necessary for each in-
dividual to explore his relationship 
between himself and his err 
vironment. The benefits resulting 
from this examination are well 
worth participation in Con-
temporary Issues 20. 

KATHY MONROE 

"SURf I KNOW WHAT A 'TAX SHELTER' IS. IT'S THE OLD 
SHACk I HAD TO MOVE INTO AFTER I'D PAID ALL MY 
TAXES." 

- -

....... I.III.OS 

'That's nof'hln , saw eight dude, blown away lust last I. . .' 

Letters to the Editor 

n Jumps the Gun on Sports Issue 
It appears that the Triton Times 

has invented an issue. The out-
pouring of sympathy for an inter-
collegiate sports program at UCSD 
(Triton Times, 5/Sn7) is both 
thought-provoking and a welcome 
change from the apathy with which 
most students respond to issues of 
importance to them . Unfor-
tunately, it is misguided. 

The Advisory Committee for 
Student Fee Programs has at no 
time this year considered 
eliminating the intercollegiate 
sports program at UCSD. The 
Triton Times printed a story based 
on several persons' evaluation of 
what might occur three, five or ten 
years down the road, but made no 
mention of what was being done 
now. As it happens, the Advisory 
Committee has increased the funds 
for both intercollegiate and 
recreational athletics for 1977-78 in 
the budget it has submitted to the 
Vice-chancellor of student affairs. 

Much of this wasted energy 
would have been spared had the 
Triton Times bothered to establish 
just exactly what was being done in 
\.hose areas by asking a member of 
the committee (or two or three), 
rather than going off half-cocked. 
Of course, that would not have 

been necessary either if the Triton 
Times has sent a reporter to our 
meeting on a regular basis. 

Since the Advisory Committee 
recommends the allocation of 
almost four million dollars of 
student fee money, it would seem 
to me that the student newspaper 
would want to inform its reader-

ship about the committee 's 
deliberations accurately; or would 
that be expecting too much? 

SCOTI'N. THAYER 
AT-LARGE REPRESENTATIVE 

ADVISORYCOMMlTI'EE 
FOR S11.JDENT FEE 

PROGRAMS 

Archaeologist's Investigation Is 
, 

Amateurish "Pot hunting" 
The recent article in the Triton Times (April 22) about Dr. James 

Moriarty ill and his archaeological work in San Diego was an insult to the 
struggling new archaeology project at UCSD. It was incorrecUy stated 
that Brandes and Moriarty were affiliated with an archaeology field 
program at UCSD; they have no connection whatsoever with this campus 
but are, rather, associated with USD. _ 

When asked to comment on last summer's excavations at Chancellor 
McElroy's house, Moriarty "saw no reason for the re-digging," as he had 
excavated at the site in the 19508. Moriarty failed to mention that the site 
had been previously excavated in the fall of 1936, in 1948 and again in 1952. 
The problem with all of these excavations, including Moriarty's, is that 
no comprehensive report was ever pub~. 

What Moriarty fails to understand is that for every hour of excavating 
in the field at least six hours must be spent in highly specialized 
laboratory analyses. These analyses are conducted by specialists in a 
variety of fields, including paleontology, icthyology, mamma logy, soils, 
chronometrics, human osteology, climatology and lithics. 

The resulting specialized studies are then synthesized by a directing 
archaeologist and a comprehensive report is published. This report will 
describe the economic patterns of the ancient peoples and will recon-
'Itruct the climate and ecology of the area, Anythin~ other than this kind 
of comprehensive investigation is amateurish and just plain "pot-
hunting." 

If Moriarty had published a repOrt , it is possible that some of our 
present work would not have been necessary. It is exacUy approaches 
such as Moriarty's which have led to stagnation of ideas and perpetuated 
attitudes that sites such as the one in the Chancellor's backyard are just 
typical old Indian burial grounds. In our preliminary investigations of the 
University House archaeological site, we have already discovered that 
metates (seed and plant grinding tools ) were being used at least 8,300 
years ago in this area. This is one of the oldest examples of metate usage 
in the New World. 

Therefore, the early Indians who lived in the area around uam were 
apparently unique and little is known about their culture. The detailed 
analyses of the materials recovered during last swnmer's excavation are 
now in progress, and the results wiD provide further important 1& 
formation about the life-style of these early La Jolla residents. 

DARCY IKE 
[ARCHAEOLOGY LABORATORY] 

PAffilCIA MASTERS [810] 
JEFFREY L. BADA [810] 

l Editor's note: We realize that Brandes aDd Moriarty are associated with 
the University of San Dleg&- we Identified them alsuch everywbere iD the 
story except once in the third paragraph, when USD became uam due to 
a prioter's error. J 

The Trllon Times Is published by UCSD siudenis as Ihe off icial sludenl I18w'PI'per. 
Publ,calloo 15 00 Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays during Ihe regular school y-
le.cePI 00 olhclal holidays) . Ed,lorlal and bu IIless offices ... localed In Ih. Sludenl 
Cenler dl Ihe Unovers,lY 01 California, San Diego. For edllorlal . cell 452-3>166; for busln .. s 
ana display advertlsmg. call 452-3468. 

Lellers 10 lhe edl lor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissions mull be Iyped 
an<! double-spaced on a 7 .... Space hne. They Should nol exceed 1-1 12 pages In length. 

SllDm il ied malarial musl bear Ihe n.,.. and I ludem ldentilication number of Ihe .. th",. 
Names can be Wllhheld from publication on request ; ho_ the n.,. .. ",III be held on llie 
10 ' publ ic Inape<; l,on. 

The T"Ion Times ,as"",,, the rl\lhllo edllsubmiwone beca .... 01 tpa:e "mitatlona or 
Slyle rOQl",emeoIS. 

Enll .. conleniscopy.rigN IIJ77 lhe T,"on TI"... 

...... ',...,.,1177 
~t ~jor, yoU CQM+ Sc"'~ A U 
up i", G\ (',.~~ I; k<. ~t! 

-----

.--

J 

YSA Uses Israel as "Scapegoat" 
Re: the Young Socialist Alliance 

article appearing in the April 3) 
issue of the Triton Times, .carr 
demning Israel. 

Nigeria, Sengeal, Swaziland, Zaire 
and Zambia. 

How can the YSA, or anyone for 
that matter, justify the double-
standards and hypocrisy leveled at 
Israel in terms of South Africa? 
The New York Times article also 
states that such Arab friends of 
African liberation as Saudi Arabia, 

cannot tolerate the blatant 
hypocrisy contained in the YSA 
article. Again, the Jews and Israel 
are being used as scapegoats, even 
when their involvement is small, 
relative to the other nations of the 
world. 

RALPH GRUNEWALD 

The YSA claims that " Israel is a 
staunch ally of South Africa," and · 
that Israel and the apartheid 
regime actively engage in trade 
and other exchanges. To be sure, it 
is morally intolerable to engage in 
arms traffic with South Africa. It is 
also deplorable to have com-
mercial dealings with the nation. 
But to single out Israel as the main 
culprit in such trade is hypocritical 
and anti-semitic. 

Kuwait, Jordan, Egypt, Dubai, and 
Abu Dhabi traffic with South II> 
Africa in oil, tourism, food and ~ 
arms. Also, an International '" 
Monetary F und .report in 1974 ~ 
indicates that the Soviet Union ~ 

Splitting to Europe, 
Orient, Hawaii? 

SAVE 
exported $25 million to South 0 Immediate reservations 

U Travel Factory 
As the New York Times reports 

(November 3, 1975), "scores of 
countries trade with South Africa, 
including 19 Black African states; 
the economic worth of the African 
dealings, amounting to many 
hundreds of millions of dollars 

annually , far outweighs Israel's." 
The 19 African states are Angola, 
Botswana, Central African 
Republic, Chad, Congo, ' Gabon, 
Ghana, Ivory Coast, Lesotho, 
Li beria, Malagasy Republic, 
Malawi, Mauritius, Mozambique, 

triton 
David Elsen · Executive editor 
Mark Stad I ... - M .... glng EdMor 
A Ian Russell· N_. Editor 
Ran Anbar· A .... tanl M .... ging Editor 
Shauna Stokes - Production ...... ger 
Alec Nedelman· A .. ocl.t. N .... Editor 
Joel C. Don · A.social ..... Editor 

Africa, while it imported $5 million 
worth of South African goods that 
year. Finally, the Times artiCle 
lists a number of states which deal 
in a high volume of arms trade 
with South Africa: Great Britain, 
the United States, West Germany, 
Italy, Belgium, Switzerland, 
Canada, Jordan, the Soviet Union, 
Czechoslovakia and France. 

One cannot deny that Israel 
trades with South Africa . I would 
hope to see Israel cease all its 
relations with South Africa. But I 

times 
Scoll Sadil· Assocl.t. N.w. Ediior 
T,m MacKenzle- Art, editor 
Roo Kato - Co· sports Edlto, 
Jon Ha lperin· Co-sport. Edit", 
Bill Broo ks · Pholo Edlto. 
Sue Nealon· Copy Editor 
Gary Ghl,ardi· Advertlslhg Man8gM 

, •• c arte:to -., 
• europe · 
I ArMI"" .... . Paris I london 544&-479 - Slav 4 10 50 _S - Everyone -e li gible 50 days ldvanced booking required . 

, 

CIEE Stud.nt T I8ftI Seftlcea 
UCSO In __ 1 Can .. 0.01. 

_II Open W .... .,.1·5 PIlI -- 4I2.oaG 

~ 4236 Balboa Ave . 
~ San Diego , 92117 
9 Ph . 483-4000 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 
PRE~ARE FOR : 

MCaT Over 35y •• ,s "I of experience OAT and PJcceu 
L~ aT Small Classes ~ I Voluminous hom. ORE studv m~.,ioll 

Cour_ th~ .r. ADSB constantly ,!pd~ed 
OCAr CPAr 

Tope fociliti .. fo, 
,evi_s of CIHS 
I_nl end fo, use 
of supplementary 

m~.ri.ls FLEX Mlke·ups for ECFMG mi,.ed leaons 
MAT'l MED BOS 

SAT-VAT 
. 

.SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2180 G.rn.t, Pacific B .. c1l92109 

Phone 714-210-6810 
~- -'DU<:ATODNAC~ Ii 

CENTER ~ 
B,.nc:heI in majo, us citl .. 

end Swlturl.nd 

"Cinco de N1ayo" Festival Is 
Not the N\ajor Holiday 

Ever since I first came to UCSD I 
noticed the emphasis put on the 
celebration of the " Cinco de Mayo" 
Mexican holiday; 1 also noticed 
that not only at UCSD but in most 
of San Diego people believe that 
Cinco de Mayo is the most 
important national holiday in 
Mexico. My suspicion was corr 
firmed when the note appeared in 
the Triton Times issue of May 4th 
(Cinco de Mayo celebration 
scheduled) in which it was 
specifically stated that Cinco de 
Mayo is " The most important 
national holiday in Mexico." 

This letter is to point out that by 
far the most important national 
holiday in Mexico is on Sept. IS-IS 

which commemorates the 
beginning of the war of in-
dependence from Spain, back in 
1810. Probably the second most 
important national holiday in 
Mexico is on Nov. 20 which com-
memorates the beginning of the 
Mexican Revolution in 1910. This 
puts the Cinco de Mayo celebration 
in third place as far as importance 
goes. 

It is not my intention to cast a 
shadow on the Cinco de Mayo 
celebration on campus but, as a 
Mexican, I feel it necessary to 
clarify the issue, just for the sake 
of history. 

JORGE M. HUACUZ 
GRADUATESTUDENT, AMES 

FREE ADMISSION 

to play BINGO at 7727 Girard Ave. Mary StCIT ()f the Sei1 
Cards 25c per game . All games pay 70% collprten . PIi1v 1· 
25 games . 

Every Tuesday 7 pm . 

LOWEST PRICE EUROPEAN FLIGHTS 
We are serving the academic 

community with discount Iravel 
abroad . Let us make your air travel 

. arrangements. Fle)(ibility as to 
destination and departure saves you 

CALL US LAST TOLL FREE 800/ 223-1722 

• mUir 
College. 

The Muir College 
Intern position is 
now open. If 
interested, please 
contact the Muir 

Dean~s Office, 
room 2125 H&SS. 
Deadline to apply 
is May 11,1977 

inte." 

MESA APARTMENTS 
The Mesa Apartments for Undergraduates is now accepting applications 
for the position of Resident Advisor . Students should apply at the 
Student Employment Office. For more information, contact Rick Bayer at 
the Residential Apartments Office , 452-2952. Deadline for applying is 
May 13. 

The HOir Gorden 

Introductorv Offer 
Student Speciol 

Sa n Diegos fin est p rofessional 
H air Salon for Guys and Gals 
The Hair Garden 
Mckellar Plaza 
1250 Prospect, La Jolla 
Phone - 454-3077 
O pen 9 AM .-S PM 
lOAM · 4 PM Sun . 

Overlooking La Jolla Cove-Ocean Front 

.---------------------• 
Reg $10. Shampoo, Cut $ 5 Coupon Exp . • 
Condition & Style 4 -30-77 • 

• Long Hair atra " 

... INTRODUCTORY OffER-Firat TI~e Only • 
--------------------~ 



..... ......... h •• .,.. ......', IIaJ I, 1m 

rvative Group Expands, 
Economic Committee 

StartIng with UGm as Ita main 
focal point, the paper hopes to 
"saturate San Diego couSy" 
college campuseI aad eventually 
gain state wide (college camp .. ) 
circulation with individual copies 
mailed to key students and faculty 
memben on campuses \broughout 
the nation. 

Panel Agrees University Y 
Undercut Teaching Program 

Tom Tana.lUl, former head of the 
Young Amt:ricans for Freedom 
and currem leader of the young 
conservatives for freedom, will 
open the doon of his MIssion 
Valley Office early this morning 
for his Economic Research 
Institute ( ERt), a .nonprofit 
organization. 

The goal of ERI is to promote the-. 

ideas of private property, limited 
governmem and free enterprise 
through Ita newspaper the Free 
Trltoa, which has appeared 
( originally In memeographed 
fonn) at Irregular Intervals on 
UCSD and San Diego State 
University campuses since early 
1976. 

Plans for the newspaper Include 
regulating the time between 
publications to moothly Intervals 
and to increase d08tribution. 

Fourth College 

May 13 7:00-1:00 

Semi-Formal Dinner-Dance 
May 13 7 00-1 ()() 

10 be held 01 Little America 'Westgate Hotel 
. $20 per couple 

Tickets available at 701 MC.Open to all Colleges 

Other activities the Institute 
plans wiD Include the organization 
of a research library over this 

sununer and possibly cooferencea 
and seminars. 

Staffed by V ollUdeen 
ERI was organized by Tanana 

and is staffed entirely by volun-
teers. The three board members 
are all UCSD undergraduates, with 
Tanana cating as president 
(majoring in economics, Joe 
Curiale, vice president (geology), 
and Rich Stevens, executive 
director (computer science), with 
student . representatives fonn a 
number of other California 
colleges. 

Tanana is also responsible for 
the funding of the institute. He said 
that, "ERI gets Its money from two 
SOUrces : direct mail solicitations 
and briefings with business 
leaders." Though refusing to name 
those people who have given him 
money, Tanana says they are "all 
local businessman." 

Tanana also answered rumors 
concerning the latest Free Triton, 
which dealt with the subject of 
energy, saying, "I have received 
no oil money currenUy or in the 
past." 

H .... Mclatoib 
Staff Corretpoadeld 

SACRAMENTO-A legislative 
subcommittee agreed Tuesday 
with a charge by the University 
of california Student Lobby that 
the UC administration baa been 
shortchanging the Under-
graduate Teaching ExceUence 
Program over the last three 
years. 

The Assembly Ways and Means 
Subcommittee on Education 
found that the university has not 
paid the Excellence Program 
more than $400,000 of inflation-
compensation money supplied by 
the state for that program over 
the last three years. 

The subcommittee, which is 
considering the UC share of the 
state budget, voted to require 
that university to pay the 
program $290,000 next year to 
compensate for accrued inflation 
since 1973-74. It did not require 
the university to return the back 
inflation mooey. 

"The money is sorely needed 
for inflation," said Jon Haber, ~ 
director of the Student Lobby. 
" Without the $290,000 we simply 
could not do as much to improve 
undergraduate education ." 

Beginning in 1973-74, the state 

-~ROUGUT TO YOU f)Y Twt MUI~ PR06RAM WARD, 
~t~lDE:.NC.t UALL C.OJNClL 'I 5 ~ DIME.. OOA~D'I ACTlVlTY 

O~r='Ct AND ALL rUt MUlR S\A~~ -

, 

o~(WEDULE. O~ LVLNT~o . 
SAi vRDA'i, MA'( 7 - ANNUAL u(SD TRI~E. AA,C£: H~L.O AT MUll). (OL.L.E6E. - \..OWEB QUA[) 

R~£S 8EGlN AT 1l.:30 P.M .-ENTPN S:-oRM5 IN THE. R£C..G'(M OfflC.EooO 
SUNCA'( .. MAV 6 - 9 :ex> P.M. - 5WI~ Nlc:.H1' IN THE ~~ DIME COfEf.E.):\Q\,,)5E, -\..~ 10 

OANC.f. TO TH~ /IA\)5\C OF THE. "'10'5 i, .so'S \. ~\~ 
MONDA'!', MA'< 9- .9:00 P .M. - MlCHAE.L Oe.~N, WO~LO'S ~OR~'T H'<PNOT\5,. ,IN 'THE MUIB 

C.AfE'T~R.IA - MUIR ~TU[)E.Ni5 ON\..'(' ~ A\,,~,\AT S: I~ IN iHe.~, DIME. ~Fe.§t-p..l5E.­
M1HE. H\)~H8AC.K Of NO'T~ ~E"(1939 ~~N) wnH <HM\...E5 \.A~"tC»l (::r~ . 

TUE.5 DA'(' • MA" 10 - DoN AA06 (M\JIfl Rl?.~IOE.N'T ~SE.\,.oQ,) \.~AOI~ A WOR"~ ~ ,. T~e. 
M"R.;TI~N PE~C.11"E."- \..OO~IN6 Ai ~I€"N T~ sc.1£.~E. rlc.TloN~ -1.\".00 P.M. IN 
"THe:. /f\VIIlItooPARTME.N"T L.OVN6E. . - 9 '00 p.M- ~.vGO NI6HT ATI\I\IJIR CA~e.TE.~IA- A\,,~, AT 
9:30 P. ~ ,- L.I"e. E.N'1£.A.iAINM£:.N'T IN THE. fl\Ji. »10 pIME (.OfF"f.~\:IO'-lSE. \ 

WE.ONESOA'c' .fot\A'( 11 - "THE. MUIi\ 0E~tJ'5 i, P@,CNO¢i':' ~f"e. ",hLl. &E. OPEN 0N"tIL ' :00 P.M. 
-()AO() e~ F''* SOME PIJ~ ANO c.oo~IE.SI. ~ ! -AL.c;o .. '''' 'THE. ~, DIME. COfEE.HK)I,pE;. AT 
,9: IS P.M . -HOate.N~"'''(''NI6t-\T (SPOf\1TPI...sE.005 EN'lERTAINMf.NT) -e,AI~ '(ouR 60ITAR~ 

KA200,SOO~e. Ofl WHA'1E.\lE.AH 0000 
iH\)~SCAV,I'M'< 1"l-I:QOP.M.-PA1\-tWA'(5 ~a> ON MAL.~T\"E..~TO A~OL ·AND 

OR\J~ ~"-MJIR APAATNlENl \...OUNCE -AL.~ IN 'THE ~IP. API. L.OIJN6e. .. A'T 3:!JO 
P.M . - ~FF 5AL-~ ~ 'He BOoJ'\JM ' ..... ~T\1\J-re ~.,.IN6 A WOP.K~HOP ON .. W\L.Di.R.· N~S5 ( 11-\£ ~UlAAN E.'''PE.R\~CE''- INC.L.uoe.s A MCNle. ANO OOTOOOR &')I.CERC\5E.~! 

FRJDA,( "I MA'< I~ - AT "-OON ~ MJIR SruOE.NT ROSEMAR-< 6RoeAREX IN Pf'oJ o..rroooR 
C.ONC.'i~' IN T~E. ~ MUIR QUAD-CJ 

SAi\X\OA'C' ~MA,( 1'-\-2:00 P.M .-ADA't ON TH£ 6N!£.N(L..OINE.RM"'IRQ\.?AP)W\n\ fOOO ~ 
FE.5TI\JI'1IE,S I. BANOS INCL.UOE. TACDMA .. FANN'i NOOII. ANO CAANN'(, AND "'~'ONl ~,AT .,9·.I!> E 10:.30 P.M . IN THE. f'''E. i. OIME. COfF§:~ -ELIQT T\JC.~ER - A . 
SINC;eR ~o sdNOW~'''E.R ~~ VIoIAANe.R ~a~-(Tv.JO !I"'PER'~T ~HOW~)!', . 

baa allocated $1 million each year 
to the Undergraduate Teaching 
Excellence Program, also known 
as the $1 Million Fund. Each year 
since then the state has allocated 
additiooal money for the Fund to 
compensate for price and salary 
Increases. 

In testimony before the sub-
committee last month, Haber 
charged that' the university has 
used more than $900,000 ci Fund 
inflation money for other "high 
priority" purposes. Haber did not 
ask that this money be paid back. 

He did ask that the university 
be required to allocate . ,OOOilf 
state infiation-compensation 
money for the $1 Million Fund in 
1977-78. This is the amount the 
Fund has inflated since 1973-74, 
he said. 

Haber . said the Lobby 
presented its figures to the 
wiiversity to check on their ac-
cllracy. But he received no reply 
before the hearing In March when 
he made his charges, Haber said. 

UC Academic Vice-president 
Donald Swain said last month 
that the university has always 
considered the $1 Million Fund to 
be a program that requires no 
inflation compensation. 

At the hearing on Tuesday, 
Swain said the university has 
been unaware of the legislature's 
intent that the Fund should 
receive inflation money. The 
university should therefore only 
have to pay compensation money 
for the inflation from this year to 
next, he said. That amount would 
be $74,000. 

The subcommittee rejected 
. Swain's proposal in favor of the 

$290,000 figure. 

MODELING JOBS 
How to It l rt without modeling Ichool. Send 
Inl pahot Ind $4. ren-doy money· blck gUIr' 
a nlli . Fa l, Inough? TY'ICAITING. 80x 
Q5.2L Dept. 1141. W.dl_ttI!. IlllIIola 10083 

PRECISION CUTrING 
SKINCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A complete Redken Salon 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
Right by La Jolla Village Inn 

45So0680 

10% DISCOUNT 
(.. with ::itudent or Faculty 10 

&. B'lnQlhil : .. Coupon , .... i ~~ ~~ 

Oooor n 18 __ I • . Sao .,.,.. •• 
___ "*'" CO 

EUMPE from 'U7 
......... '17 

,. 2.3 .•• U .. ~- ....... .. · -
No ..... .. jaIII .... .... IftC1SAYl .. tIJ!I. 
IIAWAII . from '171 

_ ..... VIWt<. Chca!IO. CMool 

~-~ ...... -.-~ .... I 

..... y,MayI,1m 

Kraftwerk Overcomes Sterility 
Without Losing Alienation 

by Paul Watry 
staff Writer 
Loo~g at the folll' members of Kraftwerk 00 the cover ci their new 
album~ It is easy to. fonnulate the idea that the people in the band look 
m?re ~e mB:nneq~ than anything else. Decked out in checkered grey 
SUits, pm-strlped ties and waxy grins, they look entirely devoid of all 

huma.M~ . . Perha~s this is the best Indication of their own work because, 
certainly, It IS of an inhuman quality . 

Kraft,:,erk ~ the product of slick production techniques which de-
~mphaslZe theU'own musical qualities. The result is often interesting, but 
I~ caM~t be ca~ed good music. The album RadJoactlvtty, for example, is 
f~ed w~ special effects that sound both bizarre and spectacular on the 
first heanng. But these same effects on subsequent lIatenings detract 
and hold the album back from its musical potential. ' 

:rralll-Earope ~prell, their lB:test album, does not repeat this 
~1:aI'.e . The mUSlcal quality on this record is not sacrifi.ced for the ar-
tificiality of spacy effects which appeared on other records. Trau-
Europe Express is, instead, an astonishing musical document; one which 
combines elegance and decadence into an electronic fugue- which 
somehow also manages to retain both its spacy effects and musical 
quality at the same time. 

triton times 

Supertramp The. secret to Trau-Europe Express is the success of Kraftwerk in carry~g out the t,heme of alienation in an industrialized society. Kraft. 
werk IS perfect m expressing the mechanized inhumaMess of con-
temporary auto~tion. They are equally adept at expressing horror at 
the loss of . the~ own personal Identity because of this automatioo. 
Kraftwen, m this album, relies successfully on the haunting sound of 
echoing synthesizers and special effects blended Into a fugue to convey 
this meaning. 

Tramping Up To Superstardom 
~ like " Hall of Mirrors" and " Show-Room Dummies" exemplify 

this aWtude exacUy. When Kraftwerk sings about "We start to move we 
break the glasslWe step out and take a walk through the citylWe 'are 
show-room dummies," it is absolutely certain that they are talking about 
escaping the reach of an industrialized Europe in 1977. 

This electrifying effect of alienation is augmented by the voices of Ralf 
H~ter a.nd Florian ~ider, two members of the band. When they sing, 
their VOICes sound chilling: an effect which is reinforced by the harsh 
German accents of. the ~inger:s echoing back and forth on both speakers. 
The texture of thell' VOices, Juxtaposed against ultra~lectronic music 
sounds horrifying. ' 

The effect is magnetic. 
Rating : A-

'WhoWas That Masl~edMan?" 
Find Out From Hands & Feet 

The masked man looks on as sirife continues in the midst of the big city. I 
Hands" Feet, Lamb's Players' 

pantomime troup, will be 
presenting their full-length mime 
show, " Who Was That Masked 
Man? " on June 1st Wednesday at 
Revelle Plaza. Performance time 
is 12:00. 

Prior to the show, the troupe 
entertains their audiences with on-
the-spot improvisations. After 
setting the mood, the actual play 
begins with scenes of creation. 
From there we are moved silently 
through time and history to the 
brink of the future . On the brink. 

the scene switches to a crowded i 
city ; into the midst of activity and 
coofusion comes " the masked 
man." Encountered by one so 
unique, the mimes portray dif-
ferent people wondering, "Who 
was the masked man? " 

Lamb's Players-a dramatic arts 
company based in San Diego, 
califomia-present their shows 
free of charge to the public. Last 
year they perfonned for more than 
140,000 people throughout the West 
and Midwest. 

by Tim Mackenzie 
Arts Editor 

Supertramp is a progressive 
English band that has finally 
come of age . After shows in lAlS 
Angeles and San Diego, In-
cluding a Forum crowd of 
15,000 , Supertramp has 
demonstrated that their 
following is not as small and 
cultish as one might believe. 

However, numbers do not 
belie the fact that Super-
tramp is a fine touring band, 
playing with deftness and 
precision not too often seen by 
concert goers. Featuring 
material from the LP's Crime 

Students' Plays 
Presented 

Graduate Studio P roductions 
will present two shows this week in 
the Studio Theat re (409 Me) . 

Mark Medoff's The Wager, 
directed by Peter Hackett, is billed 
as a fast-paced comedy in which 
humor is discovered within 
situations which are not con-
spicuously amusing. The play 
starts tonight and will be presented 
again on Wednesday and Friday. 
Showtime is 8. 

1be Empire Builders by Boris 
Vian, directed by Jennifer Parent, 
is about death, violeJice and a 
failure to communicate . The · 
characters - a nice American 
family - attempts to maintain a 
gracious life style amid the 
disintegration of a society whose 
ideals have outlived their 
usefulness. 

The play begins its run 
tomorrow , with presentations 
again on Thursday and Saturday. 
Showtime is 8. 

Career 
'Bartend".. 

Sehool 

Meet the PEOPLE 
Work the HOURS and 

make the MONEY you want 
JOB ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE NOW 

FOR FUU and PART TIME 
Cia .... 

oars - 2 wkl. - 80 hn. 
Eyes. - 4 wk •. - .0 hn. 

for a ,,.. I •• son call 
297· ••• 2760 Sth Av.. Suit. 120 

of the Century and CrIses? What 
Crisis?, the band also In-
troduced some exemplary 
music fr om the recently 
released Even In The Quilest 
Moments. "Give A tittle Bit" is 
simple acoustic number that 
builds in intensity and should be 
a natural selection for a single 
while the tour de force "Foo~ 
Overture" provided an ex-
cellent finale to the show, 
replete with slide show and 
taped effects. 

The band centers its spotlight 
on the abilities of key boardist 
Rick Davies and guitarist 
Roger Hodgson, both delivering 

sterling performances . 
Supertramp should find 
someone besides John Heillwell 
to rap with the audience, 
though, as his sense of humor 
and approach are on the stiff 
side. 

It nice, even refreshing for a 
change to see a band whose 
material is not consistenUy on 
the Top 40 playlist. And while 
Supertramp fares much better 
in person than on disc, it still 
appears that the band will 
break really big in the near 
future . You can't keep a good 
man (band ) down. 

MUIR COMMUNIlY ONLY 

TONIGHT! :: 
Monday . Ma y 9 

DR. MICHAEL DEAN Ph .D. 
WORLD'S FOREMOST HYPNOTIST 

MUIR CAFETERIA· 9 :00 p .m. 
FREE! FREE! FREE! 

"HIGHS AND HANGOVERS" 

presents 
Barbara Sech of Pa'hwoys 

Tuesday . May 10 
Revelle Dell 

7:30p.m . 

speaking on : 
' Drug information 
I Types of Drugs 
I Soclallmpad of drug use 



monday 
COFFEE HUT MENUS 

MONDAY - Teriyald Steak 
WEDNESDAY - Teriyald Steak 
FRIDAY - Teriyaki Steak 
Tuesday - Spaghetti 
Thursday - Salisbury Steak 
Art Exhibition, main entrance, Urey Hall, Revelle. Valerie Webber and 

Janice Bojarsky will exhibit their work through May 31. Free. 
9am-3pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appt. call 452-

2522. 1254 H-L. Free. 
10 am - Colloquium: "Urbanization and Ethnicity: Political Values 

Among Chicano Adolescents". Pol. Sci. Conference Room - HL 2550. Free. 
Noon - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
The Artist's Book Exhibition, Mandeville Art Gallery. A display of limited 

or one-of-a-kind books created by artists. Free. Through May 15. Hours : 
noon-5 p.m. Sun.-Fri. 

12-4pm and 6-9pm - Biology/Chemistry Clinic - walk in tutoring in lower 
division classes. HL 410 Basement. Free. 

3~ - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
3: 30 pm - Economics Department Seminar, room 3216 H-L Bldg. , Revelle . 

Dr. Graciela Chichilnisky, Harvard, "Nonlinear Functional Analysis and 
Optimal Economic Growth." 

3: 30 .pm - Economics Department Seminar, room 3216 H 

4 pm - High Energy Physics Seminar, room 1148 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. 
Michael Nauenberg, UC Santa Cruz, " Renormalization Transformation for 
Quantum Spin Systems." 

4 pm - Fourth College Commuter Board meeting. Provost's Office 302 MC. 
4 pm - Rape Task Force Meeting. Women's Center. 
4-5 - Karate, North Balcony. 
4-5 :30 pm - FUm Subcommittee meeting-programming and planning 

films for next year. Also choosing subcommittee members. East Conference 
Room, Student Center. 

4 : 3~: 30 - Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
5-7 - Belly Dance, North Balcony. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. 

Rap Session at 7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. Call 452-2669. 
5-5: 45 - Conditioning Club, Wrestling Room. 
7-9 pm - " South Africa: Liberation Now" A Third College community 

forum on South Africa including issues of the U.S. role and the maintenance 
of apartheid, imperialism, and the role of the students' struggle. Par-
ticipants will include faculty , students, and community workers. Student 
Center Bldg. "C". 

7-9 - Aikido, Wrestling Room. 
7-10-Shao Lin Fu, West Balcony. 
7: 15 pm - Fourth College Program Board meeting - plaMing of Little 

America Westgate Hotel semi-formal dinner dance. 302 MC. 
7: 30 pm - Discussion: " Life Boat Ethics". University-Community Church. 
7:30 pm - KSDT Election Forum - Confront the Candidates! You're invited 

to hear and ask questions of AS. Candidates running in this weeks election. 
Come to the station. Revelle Mud Huts and Fourth dorms can hear the live 
broadcast. KSDT Station LobbyiStilaem Center. 540 AM. 

7:30 pm - UCSD Drama Dept presents Graduate Studio Theatre 
Production of Mark Medoff's " The Wager", a comedy of relationships ; 
running in repertory with "The Empire Builders." House opens, 8 pm 
performance. Studio Theatre 409 MC. $1.00 at UCSD Theatre Ticket Office. 
For info. Call 452-3743 or 452-4574. 

8-11- Israeli Dance, Rec. Conf. Room. 
9 pm - Dr. Michael Dean - World's formost bypnotist. (Muir students, staff 

and faculty only ) sponsored by Muir Program Board. Muir Cafeteria. 
9:15 pm - MONDAY NIGHT MOVIES. " Hunchback of Notre Dame". 

Location: Muir 5 and Dime. Free. 

tuesday 
8: 1~ am - New Employee Orientation, room 111-A Matthews. This 

orientation is for new career employees. 
9am-3pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appt. call 452-

2522. 1254 H-L. Free. 
Noon - Lunchtime Concert, Mandeville Recital Hall. Pianist Athena Lam 

Bun-Ching w,ll perform works by Scarlatti and Mozart. Free. 
Noon 12-1 - qondltloning, Wrestling Room. 
12 noon - 2 pm - " Faces of Healing". Parapsychological Medicine : Alan 

Frischer, Stldent Center, Bldg. C. 
12-4pm anll 6-9pm - Biology/Chemistry CUnlc - walk in tutoring in lower 

division clas:;es. HL410 Basement, free. 
1 pm - So lid StAte Physics Seminar, room 2313 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. 

Vincent Jac~arino, UC Santa Barbara, "figh 'I'PYnperature Solid and 
Molten Paramagnets. " 

1-2 pm - Weight Management Group-To help you find ways of modifying 
your eating habits and develop support systems to help maintain weight 
reduction. D,ane Evans, facilitator. Call Bec'ca or Jan atx375~ to sign up. 412 
Matthews Cf-mpus. 

1:30 pm - Doctoral Thesis Defense, room 2145 Ritter Hall, SIO. Rodolfo 
Batiza, " Origin and Evolution of Relatively Small Central Volcanoes from 
Diverse Oceanic Tectonic Environments or A Tale of Two Seamounts." 

3: 30 - Archery, Archery Range. 
Horseback Riding, La Jolla Farms. 

at's On • • • 
4 pm -lDformatioD Forum on Recombinant DNA ~arcb -special panel 

discussion - sponsored by Academic Senate. CRI07 Third College. 
4 pm - Chemical Physics SemlDar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Douglas 

Magde, " Photoselection with Intense Laser Radiation. " 
4 pm - Special Meeting of the Academic Senate, room 107 Third College 

Lecture Hall. A panel discWlSion on recombinant DNA research will be 
presented for faculty and staff only. 

4 pm - Don Raub - Resident Counselor at Muir leading a workshop on "The 
Martian Perspective - Looking at Society Througb Science Fiction". Muir 
Apt. Lounge. 

4 pm -- Discussion: " We Boat Ethics". Student Center East Conference 
Room. 

4-5 - Karate, North Balcony. 
4:30 pm - Department of Neurosciences Seminar Program. Dr. Palmer 

W. Taylor, Department of Medicine, UC-San Diego. Subject: " Structure of 
the Macromolecules of the Post-Synaptic Membrane: Acetylcholinesterase 
and the Cholinergic Receptor" . Lecture Hall 2100, Basic Science Building. 
Refreshments will be served at 4: 15 pm. 

4: 3~: 30 - Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
5 pm - Asian American Student Alliance (AASA) meeting: open meeting 

for everyone interested. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. 

Rap Session at 7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. Call 452-2669. 
6 pm - ACLU meeting - IMPORTANT. We will be talking about organizing 

a lobbying effort against the Death Penalty bill and making plans for next 
year's Student Rights Coalition. Coffee Hut. 

6 pm - EAB meeting - for interested members and students, you know who 
you are. 4th floor, Blake HaU. 

6-7 :30-0uting, Rec. Coof. Room. 
6: 30 pm - Meeting of the Union of Jewish Students_ Student Organization 

Conference Room, Student Center. 
7:30 pm - House opens, 8 pm performance. U~D Drama Dept. presents 

Graduate Studio Theatre production of Boris Vlan's "The Empire Builders" , 
an outrageous. comedy about violence and the failure to communicate; 
running in repertory with "The Wager" thru Saturday. Studio Theatre 409 
MC. $1.00 at UCSD Theatre Ticket Office for info call 452-3743 or 452-4574. 

7:30 pm - International Club Speaker Series. Dr. Rae Blumberg, Dept. of 
Sociology, UCSD. "Women and World Development." Refreshments served. 
International Center. Free. 

7 :30-9 - Surfing, Rec. Conf. Room. 
8 pm - MFA Studio Productions, Bldg. 409, Matthews. ",The Wager" by 

Mark Medoff will be presented by a first-year MFA directing major. 
General admission: $1. Tickets available at the Theatre ticket office. 

wednesday 
9am-3pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appt. call 452-

2522. 1254 H-L. Free. 
12 noon - AMES 205, Seminar No.4, Film Series. " Gas Laws and Their 

Application" and "Carnot Cycle - Kelvin Tempera ture Scale" . 7104 Urey 
Hall. Free. ' 

Noon - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12noon-2pm - Stress, A Way of Life and A Way of Death - four self con-

tained mini seminars which can be attended individually or as a series. 
Stress, nutrition and exercise are topics for the first one. Building "C", 
Student Center Complex. Free. 

12-4pm and 6-9pm - Biology/Chemistry Clinic - walk in tutoring in lower 
division classes. HL 410 Basement. Free. 

~2-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and ap-
pomtments. Call 452-2669 or drop by. Student Health. 

12 : 30-2: 30 pm - Sex Clinlc-F or individua Is or couples seeking information 
or counseling abo~t, sexual concerns. Hugh Pates, Dalynn Proffitt, and 
Lauren Kuhn, faCilitators . Call Yolanda at x3490 to sign up. Revelle 
Provost's Office. 

~ pm - Special Lecture, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. S. Freedman, 
Middlesex, England, " The Use of Inhaled Steroids in Chronic Airways 
Obstruction. " 

3 pm - Women's softball, field off Miramar Road. UC San Diego VB. Point 
Loma. 

3 pm - Fourth College Career Ufe Planning Board. 302 MC. 
3 pm - Fourth College Career/Life Planning Board meetiDg. 302 MC. 
3-5 pm - General Rap SeSSloDB - Rap about any concerns such as sexuality roo~tes, cafeteria food, test anxiety, parents, tenn papers, grades, jo~ 

huntmg, career, drugs , etc. Dennis Lee, facilitator . Call Becca or Jan at 
x3755 to sign up. 412 Matthews Campus. 

~ - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
3: 30 pm - Economics Department Seminar, room 3216 H-L Bldg., Revelle. 

Prof. Leonid Hurwicz, Univ. of Minnesota, "On Allocation Attainable 
Through A Nash Mechanism." 

4 pm - UCSD New Poetry Series: Reading by Sherril Juffe . Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 

4 pm - Organic/Inorganic Seminar, room 107 Third College Lecture Hall. 
Prof. Herbert Kaez, UCLA, " Studies in Hydrido Transition Metal Cluster 
Complexes." 

4 pm - Physics Colloquium, room 2622 USB, Revelle . Dr, Isadore Rudnick 
UCLA, "Filmed Demonstrations of the Superfluid Properties Of Uquld He.'" 

4-5- Karate, North Balcony. 
4:30 pm - Neurosciences Department Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Palmer W. 
~aylor, Department of Medicine, UCSD School of Medicine. Topic: 

Structure. of the Macromolecules of the Post-8ynaptic Membrane: 
Acetylcholinesterase and the Cholinergic Receptor" . Room 2100, Basic 

Science Huilding. 
4: 30-6: 30 - G)'IIlD8IItiCI, South 
4:»-7 pm - Open HOUle - Muir 

cookies available. 
~: 45 - Conditioning Club, WTE~StliIl ... 
6-7:30 -Jazz Dance, North Halco~l. 

Provost's Office. Punch and 

7 pm - Meeting of PisollUc uraQllPlaI1 field trip. Gameroom Con-
ference Room, Student Center. 

7-10 - Shao Un Fu, West Balcony. 
7: 15 pm - Fourth College Cabinet MC. 
7: 30 pm - House opens, Drama Dept. presents 

Graduate Studio Theatre Medoff's "The Wager", a 
comedy of relationships;rm,nil,o with "The Empire Builders" . 
Studio Theatre 409 MC. $1.00 1Ti"d"tr~ Ticket Office. For info call 
452-3743 or 4~2-4574 . 

7: 30 pm - Trident Christian FellOlliavelle Formal Lounge. 
S pm - Celebrated Trios for Viola, Mandeville Recital 

Hall. WorksbyHuber,Debussy Free. 

thursday 
9arn-3pm - Writing Clinic - Help papers. For appt. call 452-

2522. 1254 H-L. Free. 
llam-3pm - Blood Bank Drive. Sblltommulnity Center. 
12 noon - Christian Science Testimony meeting. All are 

Welcome. Student Office, 
Noon - Conditioning, Wr .. ctllin" 
12-1 - Aikido Stress Seminar, 
12noon-2pm - Stress, A Way A Way of Death - Second of four 

self contained mini seminars be attended individually or as a 
series. Topic : Clinical therapies related disorders. Building "C", 
Student Center Complex. Free. 

12-4pm and 6-9pm - Birth CoII.Iit. Counseling, infonnation, and 
appointments. Call 452-2669 or drop Health. 

12: 30 pm - Sumner Series, . Jinuny Stewart, SIO diving 
officer, will present a show on " " Free. 

1 pm - Pathways 'worksbop on to Alcohol and Drug Abuse" 
sponsored by Muir Activities Office. Lounge. 

2 pm - Office of Religious Affairs 507 Matthews Campus. 
AFTER 2 pm - Asian Rap or small group informal rap 

sessions for students of extraction. facilitator. Just call Becca or 
Jan at x37~5 . 

3:30 pm - Reprodu~lve ME~ici"~r, room 1103 BioI. Bldg., Muir. 
Dr. MukundanAiyer, "An in the Rat." 

3:30 pm - Jeff Salz of presenting a workshop on 
"Wilderness and the Human " sponsored by Muir Program 
Board . Muir Apt. Lounge. 

4 pm - Horseback Riding, Rec . 
4 pm - Organic/Inorganic SeEniIIll107 Third College Lecture Hall. 

Prof. Quentin Gibson, Cornell of Oxygen to T-State 
Hemoglobin. " 

4 pm - 'Theoretical Solid State 2154 H&SS Bldg., Muir. Dr. 
Oscar Lanford, UC Berkeley, ' in Mathematical Physics." 

4-5 - Karate, North Balcony. 
4-5 pm - 4th College Writing lOB lecture: Dr. Susan Shrirk, 

Assistant Professor Political .:IIlIIll"lPartment UCSD. Dr. Shirk's 
presentation will be "Modern 

~ pm - "Way-Out" OhllDlllcs .... IYfrom texts, papers, and tests . 
Meets every Thursday for at either 4pm or 6pm. Emphasis 
on fun, creative games, and Coed teams. Sample events :l~ 
inch Dash, tricycle races, Dennis Lee facilitator. To 
sign up and time .nl,nrn,SI" 

~pm - Summer HELP Pr"l!rIlml,vOIle interested in volunteer work 
at University ,Student Center. 

4: 30 - Outing, Equiplmet~t C'heck" 
4:30-6 :30-Gymnastlcs, 
5:30 pm - Women's Center gellel'lll.g. Women's Center. 
6-9 - Ballroom Dance, Rec 
6:30 pm~ pm - UCSD ADll8te'.IClub MeeUng. East Conference 

Room, Student Center. 
6:»10pm-FreeCbUdcareatU Center. Women's Center. 
7 pm - Throughout hlltory, has had important truths to 

communicate to His children, them through His prophets. 
Today we live in time of turmoil. Many are confused, 
discouraged, and searching for better. Do you feel it would be 
helpful and important for God and help today? This 
message is importnat. Come. of Mormon Institute class 
and LOS Club meeting. Little white street from Tioga Hall. 

7-10 - Fencing, West Balcony. 
7: 30 pm - International Club meeting. To discuss the 

existence, activities and . All foreigner scholars, and 
anybody else who is to attend EAP students past, 
present or future, are Center. 

7: 30 pm - Fourth CoUege meetq. 302 MC. 
7:30 pm - Lecture: Michael speak on Religious Per-

secution In Communist Countries. Campus, Room CK 104. 
Free. 

7:30 pm - HOllie opens, 8 UCSD Drama Dept. presents 
Graduate Studio Theatre n's " The Empire Builders", 
an outrageous comedy the failure to communicate; 
running in repertory with Saturday. Studio Theatre 409 
MC. $1.00 at UCSD Theatre call 462-3743 or 462-457$. 

friday 
9am-3pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appt. call 452-2522. 
1254 H-L. Free. 

9-11 am - Women's SexuaUty Group-This group is for women who have 
experienced difficulty in achieving orgasmic response. De3igned after 
Lonnie Barbach's pre-orgasmic women's group at the University of 
California, San Francisco, this group will focus on issues such as female 
sexual myths, anger, fear and loss of control, in addition to specific exer-
cises aimed at exploring the female sexual response. Lauren KUM and Julie 
Kenny , facilitators. Call Becca or Jan at 3755 to sign up. 412 Matthews 
Campus. 

10 am - Speaker Dr. Erving Kaplan , "Implications of Climatic Changes on 
Individuals, Society and World Politics. Bldg. 111A, MC. Free. 

11 am - Marine Chemistry Seminar, room 2145 Ritter Hall, SIO. Prof. 
Taitiro Fujinaga, Kyoto Univ., "Marine Chemical Research at Kyoto Univ." 

llam-12 - Muir College Council Student Caucus Meeting. Corrununity 
Health Conference Room, HSS, Muir College. 

Noon - Rosemary Grobarek and Friends in concert. Sponsored by Muir 
Program Board. Lower Muir Quad. 

12-4 pm - Biology /Cbemistry C1inlc ~ - walk in tutoring in lower division 
classes. HL 410 Basement. Free. 

12-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information and ap-
pointments. Cail 452-2669 or drop by. Student Health. 

12:05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar, room 307 Vaughan Hall, SIO. Dr. 
Lynn Margulis, Boston Univ., "Evolutionary Consequences of Symbioses : 
Implications for Higher Taxa ." 

2 pm - AMES-Bioengineering Seminar, room 2100 BSB, Med. School. Dr. · 
Philip Watson, UC Davis, "The Interstitial Space and Solute Movement from 
Plasma to Lymph. " _ 

3 pm - Philosophy Colloquium. Dr. Barbara Winters, Philosophy 
Department, UCSD. " Desire and Belief-origination" . Revelle Formal 
Lounge . 

3 pm - Topics in Respiration, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Robert 
Crafts, USS Dixon, "Medical Aspects of Shallow Diving ." 

~ - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room 
3:30 pm - Economics Seminar, room 3216 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Erwin 

Diewert, Univ. of British Columbia, "Aggregation Problems in the 
Measurement of Capita!," 

4 pm - Lecture, UN EX classroom, Bldg. l03-A, Matthews. Sam Bottone, 
executive secretary of the University Council, American Federation of 
Teachers, AFL-CIO, will discuss "Collective Bargaining Legislation." 

4-5 - Karate, North Balcony. 
4 pm - Colloquium, Revelle Informal Lounge. Dr. Norma Wilkler, UC 

Santa Cruz, "Sexism in the Classroom: Gender and Faculty Evaluation." 
4:3~: 30 - Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
7pm and 9:30 pm - Campus Program Board Movie "The Petrified 

Forest", USB 2722. 
7pm-1am - Fourth College Third Annual Semi-Formal Dinner Dance. 

Sixty couples only. Dinner includes cornish game hen dance to the rouwdy 
music of " Bratz". Versailles Room, Little America Westgate Hotel. Buy 
tickets at 701 Matthews Campus. $20 per couple. 

7:30 pm - House opens, 8 pm performance. UCSD Drama Dept. presents 
Graduate Studio Theatre Production of Mark Medoff's " The Wager" , a 
comedy of relationships; running in repertory with "The Empire Builders". 
Studio Theatre 409 MC. $1.00 at UCSD Theatre Ticket Office. For info call 

4~2-3743 or 452-4575. 
"Ceramic Art: 1977", invitational exhibit presented by Gallery 8. Opening 

reception Friday, 7:30 pm-10 pm, with illustrated lecture by Erik Gronborg 
on "Crafts in an Industrial Age" at 8 pm. International Center. . 

7:30 pm - Eckaniar - Film " A Way of Life", and discWlSion. (Eckankar is 
the most ancient religious teaching known to man.) Eckankar Center E 
Street, Encinitas. Free. 

7: 30 pm - Alpha Omega Alliance invites you to an informal workshop to 
improve your total health, body, mind, & soul; topics include wheatgrass 
juicing and fasting . Muir 2131103. 

8 pm - "Tell Me Again" a premiere of original musical by Tom Wallace 

Pale 7 

and Tom Lian based on the war experiences of Richard Boyle - presented by 
UCSD Drama Dept. and Student Production Coop at Student Center Bldg. 
" C" Free admission. 

saturday 
9 am .- Wo~en: Moneywls~, room 107 Third College Lecture Hall. Nancy 

Scott, fmanclal consultant, Will present this extension class on sound money 
management. Fee : $25. Call 452-3400 for information. 

9 am - Living Your Life With Autbority-After Divorce, room 2722 USB , 
~evelle . Beverly Nemiro will present this extension class on living with 
divorce. Fee : $15, Call 452-3400 for information. 

10:00 - Bicycle, Bike Shop. 
10am-4pm - "Ceramic Art: 1977" invitational exhibit presented by 

Gallery 8. Film "Three Potters Throwing : Hamada, Voulkos, and Leach" at 
2pm. Unsold items will remain on view through June 1 during regular 
Gallery 8: Tues. thru Sat. l1am-3pm. International Center. 

10:30 am - Campus Tours, front , Central University Library. Student 
conducted tours lasting I Ih hours in duration . Free . 

11-12:30 - Aikido, Wrestling Room. 
12noon-3pm - New Games and music. A dance that evening with a band in 

the Revelle Cafeteria. Games take place at Revelle Field. 
1-2:30 - Judo, Wrestling Room. 
2-9 pm - Day on the quad - bands include "Tacoma" , " Fanny, Nook and 

Cranny", and "Vision" . Sponsoredy by Muir Res. Hall Council and Program 
Board. Lower Muir Quad. ~ 

5:30 pm - Catholic Mass followed by short film and discussion. University-
Community Church. 

7:30 pm - Free Films: "The 'Checkers' Speech" and "Selling of the 
Pentagon Papers". See Richard Nixon as a V.P. candidate and an excellent 
documentary on the release of the Pentagon papers. Sponsored by UCSD 
ACLU. USB 2722. Free. 

7:30pm - House opens, 8pm performance. UCSD Drama Dept. presents 
Graduate Studio Theatre production of Boris Vian's "The Empire Builders", 
an outrageous comedy about violence and the failure to communicate; 
running repertory with "The Wager" . Studio Theatre 409 MC. $1.00 at UCSD 
Theatre 1 icket Office for info call 452-3743 or 452-4574. 

8 pm - ,"Tell Me Again" Premier of Original Musical by Tom Wallace, 
Tom Lian In Bldg "C" Student Center Free see Friday listing. 

9:15 pm and 10 :30 pm - The 5 & Dime presents Live in concert "Eliot 
Tucker". A return engagement by an excellent performer from Warner 
Bros. Music. Muir 5 & Dime, two showings. Admission is free. 

sunday 
8:30 aqi - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
10 am - Lutheran worsblp service with ALC and LCA Communion liturgy. 

Sermon by UCSD Campus Pastor John Huber. University-Community 
Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

10am-4pm - "Ceramic Art: 1977" invitational exhibit presented by 
Gallery 8. Film "Three Potters Throwing : Hamada, Voulkos, and Leach" at 
2pm. Unsold items will remain on view through June 1 during regular 
Gallery8 : Tues. thru Sat. llam-3pm. International Center. 

12:03 - Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 

1 pm - The Center for Psychological Revolution starts a Mass Movement 
for Sanity, for a scientific attitude toward your own life. Weekly presen-
tations. 1529 Hornblend St, Pacific Beach. Free. 

5 pm - Catbolic Mass. University-Community Church. 
6-9 pm - Biology/Chemistry Clinic - walk in tutoring in lower division 

classes. HL 410 Basement. Free. 
7 pm - Free Duplicate Bridge games. Open to everyone - Bridge. Side 

Door, Revelle Cafeteria. Free. 

What's 
Up? Dear Doc: And on the rare days when you are funny, Oh, we think that there shall never 

be, 
A weekly column as disreputable 
as the one we see. 

Your answers are trite, 
Your wit has no bite, 
But our question, Doc, is, are you 

ever right? 

Besides having answers that are 
generally poor, 
They indicate in addition that you 
area bore. 

And, Doc, when you're not 
crumby, 

You've plagiarized, you dummy. 
UCSD Students 

Sniff ... Sniff... 
Well, if THAT'S the way you feel... 

Pleethe Mitbter Bunny Rabbit. 
Don' t feel tbo bad. I wuv you. 
You're rigbt, Tweety. It 's time to 
figbt back. 

I tbink that shall never see, 
A critic get the best of me. 
And since their poetry has no 
merit, 
I' ll go back and eat my carrot. 

-Or. Utd~1I)1tII 



..... 

MAY 
9-12 

triton times MODday, May I, un 

MA¥ 
9-12 

EXTRAVAGANZA EXTRAVAGA~ZA 
off 

EVERYTHING 
EXCEPT--

Textbooks, Medical Books, 
& calculators 

SIDEWALK - SALE 

I~ Free 
Prizes 

at 
Incredibly 

LOW PRICES 

and higher 

----- Valuable -------------------------------------Valuable -----
Calculator - Giveaway 

$ 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
I 
1 
1 
I 
1 

ENTRY BLANK 
name ____________ college ____ _ 

address ___________ I,D. _____ _ 

phone ______ _ 

Hewlett 
Packard·25 

(Drawing will be held Thur&jay 5/12) 
regular retail 

value 
$145-

$ 

1---------------------- Bring to boxes in Bookstore---- ------------------

MoadIy, May I, 1ITl triton times Page9 
, 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Visiting prolessor will need 3 bdrm fumlshed 
house or apt. lor 6 mo., maybe longer. 
Starting Juty 1977. Ptease call Kathy Ctark , 
453-7500 x3481 (5191 

One mor F roommate own room In fully 
furnished, luxury, La JoIl. townhouse, 2 
bdrm 2 bth shag carpeting throughoul , 2 hid 
pools sauna pvt patio free parking avail 
Immedialely 147 mo. 1-436-9650 keep trying 
please (5113) 

74 Kawasaki 250 F-l' only 4,000 mltes. 
E.xcellent Condition. Plus hetmet . Only $450 
or best offer . 272-3382(5116) 

Surfboard 7"Z ' Lighting Bolt $70 new full 
length wet..ult $60 Yamaha 125 Enduro $50 
call Randy 753-21 0215113) 

Must sell '76 Prlndle-16 cal . Call Bill 466-4470 
1519) 

M<>-peds - Cheap transportation - new & used 
- priced to sui I your ways & means. Merchant 
of Me-peds 2226 AlI8nlda de j a Playa La Jolla 
Shores . 454-9882 Tues thru Sun , (Sill) 

Fern rmate wanted lor Cardiff duplex own 
room, yard , near fwy . $1051mo plus V. uti , 
avail. May 15 Guy 753-7057 (5191 

Live In a furnished room all summer! Condo 
In quiet Playmor mld-J une to whenever call 
Pete at 45!Hl569 (5111) 

fOR SALE 
Fiberglas Scateboard 24" Bennett Trucks Chevy van 7210 miles $2500. Mercedes 23067 
Caddllac OKSI sealed bearing wheels good . perl inte';or$3400. 488- 1678 aher4 pm (5 118) 
cond , Call Rod 566-0058 

Need housemate June 2O-Sept 20 for own 
huge bdrm in LJ apt n8llr UCSD. $135lmo. 
Call Erica 453-1675 (SIlt) 

Summer sublet 615-9(5 2 Bdrm. Lg. LV. 
room, dining area, lireptace complete fum. 
210 mo. 100 dep . Hillcrest 299-5697 or 452-
3791 J . Garcia 

Housing to share prf. female lor house with 
large yard Encinitas May I $125 per mth Judy 
after 10 am 436-2220 (5111) 

Must sell '76 Prlndle-16 cat. Call Bill 466-4470 
(519) 

Mercedes 67 230 $3500 excl, interior. Chevy 
van 72 $2400 low miles low blue bk ph 486-
1678 Opal , pb (5113) 

69 VW N u rblt eng nu <bit trans nu rblt 
computr great cooo nu brk. too $10501besl 
offer 453-7537 Kev (5111) 

International Oub Speaker Series 

Dr. Rae Blumberg 
Dept of Sociology UCSD 

"Women and World Developmenf' 
Tuesday May 10 7:30 pm 

International Center 
Admission Free Refreshments 

Slender Now! Be ready lor summer loose up 
to 29 Ibs per month. Contact Robyn Mitchell 
435-8817 

66 VW oemper good condition new ctutch & 
brakes come & see call Bruce 753-0490 
$1,000 

Mo-peds - Cheap transportation - new & used 
- priced to suit your ways & means. Merchanl 
of Mo-peds2226 Avenldadela Playa LaJotla 
Shores, 454-9682 Tues thru Sun~ (5111) 

Chevy van 7210 miles $2500. Merced .. 23067 
perf Interior $3400. 488-1678 after 4 pm (5118) 

Stereo components for sale Including 
cassette taPe deck: $11'0 call Cari'755-6512 
(5191 
Gibson Les Paul DLX and Les Paul Jr. $325 
each, Good condition, Steve 454-8435 (5111) 

Sailboat 22 ft. Catalina well equip. ready to 
sail. $5 ,500. Dennis 454-6856 (519) 

Sailboat 22 ft. Catalina well equip. ready to 
sail . $5,500. Dennis 454.j)856 (519) 

Mercedes 67 230 $3500 excl. Interior. Chevy 
van 72 $2400 low miles low blue bk ph 488-
1678 Opal , pb (5113) 

Stereo components lor sale Including 
cassette tape dock: $110 call Carl 755-«it2 
(5191 

Gibson Las Paul OLX and Les Paul Jr. $325 
each Good condition . Steve 454-8435 (511t J 

69 VW Nu rblt eng nu rIllt trans nu rblt 
compu'r great cond nu brito too $,OSOl best 
offer 453-7537 Kev (5 111 J 

WANTEd 
Some""e to pull weeds once or tWice a week. 
$2.5OIhr. at Solana Mar Apts., 309 Solana 
Hills, Solana Ben. 755-4882 (6112) 
Need extra cash? Paying top dollar for U.S. 
Sitver coins belore 1965. Also buying old 
coins. call Ken 755-7371 (6112) 

Math grad . will tutor catculu. sequences one 
& two. Experienced , $5 per hour, Dan 753-
8952 , 
MUtR STUDENTS - JOhn Muir Cot lege Week 
Is com ing - May 7-may 14 1516) 
Sandals, handcrafted shoe. moccasins made 
to your leet 481-0077 James Clark shoemaker 
1342Camino Del Mar (51 21 ) 

II-56 
CALCULATOR GIVEAWAY 

Register NOW for a programmable 
Texas Instrument worth $89.95 
No purchase neccessary . 
The drawing tokes place MAY·1Oth 
at the Bookstore from 1C>-3PM. and you .. 

It's the TI-56 retail value $89.95 
CALCULATOR GIVEAWAY 

ENTRY BLANK - Bring to box in bookstore, 

NAME ______________________ ___ 
ADDRESS __ ----: ______ _ 
PHONE ______________________ _ 
COLLEGE _______ ID ___ __ 

~.don' t have to be there to win, but you 
must register. In addition, a n Representative 

• • 

will be at the bookstore from 10-3 Tuesday the, 1 Oth.-

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

Typing IBM seleC1rlc. Theses, term paper. , 
etc. 452-1588 evenings. (6 16) 

I hereby deelere that I am Sick at being asked 
where Black's Beach Is. ,., Loren Kaye 

Free rider - Happy late 22 but mainly happy 
t4 and I~U . N XTC - JR 

Fourth College students, d",,'t miss the 
Westgate semi- forma l Friday May 13, For 
more info call 452-4562 (5113) 

We./lall8 a right to free paps & pelvics - sign 
pet itions & postcards at Reve lle Plaza 

Support free paps & pelvic. at UCSD - s ign 
peli tions & postcards at Revelle Plaza (51 1 1) 

MUSicians-Interested In 77-78 pep band? 
Meet Thurs 5112 6 pm LOUNGE CONF RM 
OR CALL Colleen 453-3044 (511 1) 

AI-
Chocolate ice cream Is enough-I forgive 

you-but you st ill owe me one. 

A Uentton Fourth College I Elect Bob 
McAdam as Fourth College A.S. Rep. 

• SERVICE 
TYPING IBI01 SELECTRIC term papers, 
theses, Ph .D. dissertations , ed itlngs, RUSH 
JOBS - 453-0656 , 560-8171, 452-1588, 286-
4936, (6112) 

Europe super bargain. Escorted .7-day tour 
01 8 countries, Greet< Island cruise. $'790 
includes everyth ing but tunch. 5 units UCSD 
credit optional 595 . Just a few seats Ielt. 
Call Steve or Pat 481-7547. 

LOST & fOUNd 
Lost · rotl 01 film out of my camera at the 
Luneta Luau_ Great sentimentaJ vaJue Please 
return to T.T off ice 

Lost lady's gold watch near rnaln gym May 4 
in the evening Please return to TT off ice 
Reward. Thanks (5113) 

Lost: 1 nylon blue jacket Lost"" Muir tenn is 
court 2 or, Tuesday May 3 at 9 p, m. Call 755-
6846 

T a the pers"" who left the note re 1051 keys 
on bench near Mayer where are they. Please 
call 436-6691 

. 

Lost Norton Anthotogy of English Lit II. 
Please retrun to TT off ice or call 222-2010 If 
found , 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Attent io n Spr ing Graduates 

Pr ior to your graduat ion or if you 
are leav ing UCSD at the end of the 
spring quarter, and if you have 
outstand ing NDSL, EFD, Regents or 
HPSL loons, you are requ ired to 
have on ex it interv iew at the loon 
records off ice . Repayment 
provisions as we ll as deferment 
and cancellat ion provisions will be 
discussed. Call 452-3788 or 452-
3789 for an appointment. 

Third College presenls a com-
munity forum on SOUTH AFRICA: 
LIBERATION NOW! Monday, May 9, 
7-9 :00 PM, Bldg. C, Student Center, 

" A list of s,tudents who have an-
nounced the ir i ntent ions to 
graduate at the end of Summer 
Session 'has been posted outside 
Ihe Revelle Provost's Office, Please 
check to be sure that your name is 
on i t." 

LUCIA Thurs. May 12 8 :00 pm USB 
2722. An outstanding fi lm about 
strong women. COME AND ENJOY 
ITI 

Third College Sen iors--submit 
speeches for Commencement 
Exercises to Dean 's Office by May 
16. Call x4390 for info. 

Thiro College Program Boord meets 
every Friday at 2:00 in the TC 
Commons Lounge. All welcome. 

All ....... AItenHnf" •• 
s.. ..... 'Pr.·Ufe ...... 

583-lIFE 
"ree ee_ .... , ttucly reM. 

....... n _ 



..... ........ 1 ...... 

Pattern: AnotherCoachis·Go~e 
Oting a number rl both personal 

and departmef1,t~ted problems, 
UQ;D's men'o water polo and 
swim coach Gary Becker has 
resigned, effective immediately. 

polo. Following two yean at 
Cerritos Junior College, he tran-
sfered to UCSD, where be was 
captain and MVP. Becker began 
his coaching career at La Mirada 
and came back to UC San Diego in 
1971. Even though he's resigned at 
this campus, Becker will still 
coach age group teams at the 
YMCA while · continuing his 

education. 
As far as a replacement ia 

concerned, the ex-Triton coach 
says "they'll bring in somebody 
who's not willing to work at it. The 
various problems in the PE 
Department (lack of manpower, 
facilltes and above all~uality 
athletes) will deteriorate the 
program unless the time is put in. " During his sis years at UC San Diego (four as head coach, two as 

an asaistant), Becker compiled an 
overall winning percentage rl .426 
in water polo, including an 11-12 
mark this season. According to 
officials in the pbysical educatiOn 
department, no successor has been 
named. 

Crew ~uads 
Outrace USC,UCSB 

The resignatioo, Becker states, 
is largely due to his desire to 
pursue a master's degree in PE at 
San Diego State University and, 
"hopefully afterwards, I'll go back 
to coaching." In addition to going 
back to school, Becker, at 28 years 
old, pointed out "there was no 
inducement to stay. I had 
developed the . program and 
progressed as a coach as far as 
possible. " 

- - -- - -

The UQ;D rowing team ended 
their regular season with their 
most impressive showing to date. 
Racing against USC and UC Santa 
Barbara at San Pedro Harbor, the 
Tritons came away with three 
firsts, two seconds and one third. 

In the first event, the UCSD frosh 
eight extended theii string of 
victories to two in a row with a 
nine-tenths second win over UCSB. 
USC was a distant third. Not to be 
outdone the Triton lightweight 
eight also chalked up their second 
win in as many reaces. 

It had been said that the 
resignation was submitted because 
the water polo team had attained 
the program's ultimate goal-to 
beat SDSU, which they did last 
November li, 14-10. But, in a 
telephone interview, he denied the 
rumor. Waferpolo! swlmming coach Gary Becker resigns after six years 01 UCSD. \ 

the frosh reace witnessed San 
Deigo gradually stretch out its lead 
over the length of the 2,000 meter 
distance. The lead in the light-

1. STRESS IN ACADEMICS 
Wed. May 11th noon· 2:00 PM Student Center Building HC" 

HUGH PATES PHD 

~~SuRvivAl Skills 
FOR STRESS 
SEEkERS" 

HARVEY SELVERSTON MSW 

'why many people block or perform 
below their capabilities during an 
exam . 
• what can be done to alleviate this 
problem. . 
'techniques which relax and restore 
confidence in a person . 

• recognize excess stress in in ' 
dividuals and organizations . 
'recognize Important stressors in 
your environment. 
'understand and monitor change .. 
find an optimal stress level. 

When he first started oilt as head weight race changed hands several 
coach in 1973, Becker told his times in the last half after both 
squad, composed mosUy of fresh- crews ran into a series of wakes 
men, " if they spend four years caused by a passing tugboat. 
working hard together, I'll remain The Triton heavyweight eight 
as coach." His team compled with put together one of their best races 
the coach's request and the long of the years, but were overpowered 
hours of practice paid off. This past by a very good UCSD crew. USC 
season's won-loss record of .478 took second in that event. 
was the school's best against the 
toughest schedule ever. The The distaff side fo the rowing 
Triton's played against . USC, team produced equally fine efforts. 
UCLA, Clairemont, Arizona and The women's lightweight eight 
SDSU twice. soundly defeated the junior varsity 

" We've got to have more crews from Santa Barbara and 
faciUties," Becker notes. " With USC by one and one-quarter and 
only one pool, you've got men 's and two boatlengths, resp...'>Ctively. 
women's swimming, men's water 
polo, intramurals , classes and free The San Deigo openweight eight 
time." And as the recent ASUCSD faced the same disadvantage of 
referendum to build a new being the smallest of the three 
recreation center (with another entries, but like the lightweights, 
pool) failed to receive enough votes rose to the occassion to come out 
to pass, the problem, be insists, with a well rowed second place 
will get worse. finish behind Sanla Barbara. 

2 STRESS THERAPY It's not that Gary Becker is self- Coach Jack Vallerga felt that • centered, as his remarks might lightweights Susi Luftner, Susie 
~ indicate. He's coached six years at ·Klein, and Kerstin Doell were 

C BId HC" a school which gives "Out no athietic deserving of special note. This trio Thurs. May 12th 12·2:00 PM Student enter. g . . . d 
scholarships, does . limite rowed in both eights, and due to a 

STEVE JOHNSON MA & KIRK recruiting (except for going to foul by USC in the open eight race, 
WACHTMANN MA meets and talking to the players,) were called upon to race three 
Does your body have messages for you: for example and has an obvious lack of facilities times in the space of two hours. 

TENSION or MIGRANE HEADACHES, FEELINGS of CHRONIC and funds . 

eA;NX:I:E:TY: ' U:L:C:E:R:S:or:o;th;e;r ;ne;u:ro~m~u~sc~u~la~r~p~ro~bl~e~m~s?:::~~~~~At;La~~M~ir~ad~a;H~i~gh~;SC~h;oo;I~' ~~N:e~xt~o~n~the racing schedule will IT Becker was all-league in water be the Western Championships for 

~~a«d 
AS RUN-OFF ELECTIONS 

Wednesday and Thursday tv1ay 11 and 12 

Polls located at 
Muir Commons 
Fourth Dorms 
Revelle Plaza 
Third Quad 
Gym Steps 

All polls open 10 - 3 

the men May 13tM4th and the 
Southwest Regional Cham-
pionships May 211t&29th for the 
women. 

tramural 
Softball 

Rankings 
Intramural Softball Rauldng 

MEN'S "A" 
1. SANDPIPEF,S 2~ 
2. HOUSE OF DA YID 3~ 
3. UNKNOWNS _ 1~ 
4. DUDLEY SPORTS 2·1 
5. BOA TSOIL 2-1 
6. DEKAPHRENIA 2-1 
7.SGHMATA 2-1 
8. REUBEN AND TIIE JETS 2-1 
9. APPLE ()..{) 
10. BAWDERS UP 1-1 

MEN'S"B" 
1. JOKJUNG ~ 
2. LOBOTOMYTES 3~ 
3. GANGUONS ~ 
4. BIG STICKS 2~ 
5. BIOHAZARDS 2~ 
6. BHANG SQUAD 2~ 
7. DREAMERS CREAMERS 2-1 
8. QUACK KILLERS . 2·1 
9. BONZO TRIES AGAIN 2·1 
10. CONSUMPTION 2-1 

FUNCI'lON 
MEN'S "C" 

1. ROMANS ~ 
2. STRlKEOU rs 3~ 
3. ELLEVERS ~ 
4. COITUS INTRAMURAUS 3~ 
5. PANAMA REDS 2~ 
6. EATS MICE 2·1 
7. LOST PLANET AIRMEN 2-1 
8. NOT BASEBALL? 2·1 
9. MEATS 2·1 
10. MEN OF ACTION 1·2 

COED 
1. PROPHESY 3~ 
2. ·RENOBS 3~ 
3. NO SOX ~ 
4. LAGNAG 2~ 
5. MUDSMITHS 2~ 
6. MULTIPLE ORGASMS 2~ 
7. HOLES 'N POLES 2·1 
. KANK KUD 3~ 

9. GOOD, BAD AND HAS 2~ 
O. BUSH LEAGUE ~ 

-

Mission Transmission 
& ·Brakes 

p g t; 
Domestic , Automatl and 
Standard - Also complete 

I3rakf' Servjce 
SPEC IAL STUDENT 

PRICES WITH AD AND 
1.0. FROM UCSD 

6131'Mission Gorge Rd . 
2 1310 ks North of 8 

:l83-b116 

~coMMUNiTY~ 
~LOOD~; 
: ~ L 
: 913.ndl. 
: 327 F Street 
: PAYS DON ORS 
· 
· 
· • torSe~ce 
: Mon.· Frl. 
: 233-5411 
: 134-4601 .. " 
..•.. ......•...•..•..••.•..•.•• ~ 

...... ,.Mar·.lITJ 

IFYOU'RE THINKING ABOUT THE 
NUCLEAR NAVY, 

THE SHIP SAILS ON MAYIS. 

One of the best ways to get 
into engineering is to get into 
~he nuclear Navy. But you'd 
better get moving fast. May 
15th is the deadline for this 
year's Navy Nuclear Propul-
sion Candidate Program. 

The Navy can give you 
the most comprehensive 
nuclear training possible. 
Because we operate over half 
the nuclear reactors in 
America. We start by giving 
you a year of advanced engi-
neering technology. This 
would cost you thousands in 

graduate school, but in the 
Navy, we pay you. 

Once you're commissioned 
as a Navy Nuclear Officer, 
you'll earn a top salary. Over 
$24,000 a year after four 
years. And you'll get practical 
experience on the most 
advanced nuclear equipment 
devised by man. All the Navy 
asks in return is that you 
serve for 3 years on active 
duty upon completion of your 
training. 

But rememb r May 15th 
is the deadlin for thi ear' 
class. If you are majoring in 

NAVY OFFICER. 

engineering, math or physi-
cal sciences, find out from 
your local placement office 
when a Navy recruiter will 
be on campus. Or call toll free, 
800-841·8000 (in Georgia, 
800-342-5855) for more 
information. If you're still a 
junior, ask about the 
Navy's NUPOC Collegiate 
Program, which pays you up 
to $6,000 during your enior 
year. And hurry. Time and 
tide wait fi r no man. 

IT'S NGI JUST AJOB,II 'S AN ADVENTURE. 

Pagell 



Pa,elZ I rII .... I. O.'S 

£ 

York. .. 
CootiDued from Pale 1 

York: No. Although the total 
number of weapons will be 
stabilized, modernization will 
continue. The SALT talks are 
simply not sufficient in and of 
themselves. Hopefully, though, 
they represent the first step in 
eventual bilateral reductions. This 
will continue to prove difficult, 
however, simply because the 
complexities of the technological 
impetus on both sides will continue 
on divergent paths. 

IT: Should the Russians be 
allowed to maintain more delivery 
weapons due to their geopolitical 
'constraints? 

York: Let me put it this way, the 
Russians have a great deal to be 
paranoid about, perhaps more than 
we do. For instance, the Russians 
have to be wary of even their allies. 
In addition, the emergence of 
China as a viable superpower is 
more of a concern to them than to 

Moada)" Ma)' t, 1t77 
wish to acquire and maintain a 
nuclear arsenal of some magnitude 
and these countries remain outside 
the context of sufficient US or 
USSR political control. The current 
coupling between the SALT talks 
and control of nuclear proliferation 
is weak. If they succeed, it will be 
easier to put a cap on nuclear 
proliferation, but there is no 
guarantee. It's not a very 
promising proposition. 

IT: can we control this process 
by controlling and capping the 
growth of the production of 
fissionable materials, such as 
President Carter recently 
suggested? 

York: Yes, there are a nwnber of 
forums such as agencies 
established through the UN and 
treaties and agreements such as 
the Non-Proliferation Treaty of 
1968, that deal with this problem. 
But these efforts are riot well 
organized. The swn of these efforts 
have slowed down the proliferation 
of fissionable material production, 
but even so, we are losing ground. 

o us. So yes, in a sense, they are 
, _ ; justified in t~e a~ertion that. they 

Marty Weinrich [left) and Mike McMahon, the Abusers, corry their faithful trike through the tire hazards in Saturday 's nee? to mamtam more delivery 
Trike Race . vehicles than us. But the domestic 

'17: Another factor which seems 
to be contributing to the build-up of 
nuclear anns throughout the world 
is the increasing viability of the 
nuclear industry. Will we not only 
have to cope with the threat of 
nuclear warfare in the future, but 
also the possibilities of nuclear 
terrorism as well? 

Muir College Celebrates Tenth Birthday 
political constraints within the US 
will mitigate against too much of a 
concession on our part in this 
matter. 

To celebrate its tenth birthday, 
Muir College has scheduled this 
week as John Muir College Week, 
which began with Saturday's Trike 
Race and will conclude this 
Saturday with a party on lower 
Muir Quad. 

Also scheduled for the week-long 
festivities are hypnotist Michael 
Dean, a Hootenanny Night and a 
workshop on science fiction. 

Dean, who bills himself as the 
" world's foremost hypnotist," will 
perform Monday night at 9 in the 
Muir cafeteria. Only Muir students 
will be allowed at the performance. 

Tuesday will be highlighted by 
the science fiction workshop. Led 
by Muir Resident Counselor Don 
Raub, the workshop is titled "The 
Martian Perspective: I.ooking at 
Society through Science Fiction," 
and is set for Tuesday afternoon at 
4 in the Muir apartment lounge. 

Hootenanny Night is scheduled 
for Wednesday night at 9:15 in the 
Muir Five and Dime Coffeehouse. 

A Pathways workshop on _ 
"Alternatives to Alcohol and Drug 
Abuse" is one of two events set for 
Thursday. The :workshop will take-
place at 1 pm in the Muir apart-

MARSHALL TUCKER BAND 
SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

SEA LEVEL 
Featur ing : 

Jai moe, Chuck leavell , lamar Williams 
of the A llman Bros. and Jimmy Nalls 

San Diego Civic Theatre 
Tues., May 10th 8:00 p.m. 

All seats resfltrved: $6.50, $7.50 
Tickets available at ol~ Ticketron outlets, and 

Center box office, 202 CSt. 
For information call 236-6510 

(All previously purchased tickets will be honored) 
Produced by Pacific Presentations 

UCSD MUIR COLLEGE 

THE 5 e DIME 
PRESENTS 

,t. SONG\JRITER 
[ S-+--_AT-_UR-=--DAY . tlAV-=14 ~ I 

,- 9:15 A N I> 10:30 --
ADM I 5S ION FREE 

THE 5 ~ DIME 
[ LOC.ATED 1M THE LOWE~ MUIR. C.OMMONS 

ment lounge. Also, a workshop on 
" Wilderness and the Human 
ExPerience," including a movie 
and outdoor exercises, is set for 
3: 30 pm, in the apartment lounge. 

The week will be concluded 
Saturday with a ~'Day on the 
Green," with food festivities and 
music from live bands. Then, at 
9:15 and 10:30 pm, Warner Brother 
singer Eliot Tucker will perform in 
the Five and Dime. 

IT: If the SALT talks succeed, 
and both the US and USSR are able 
to reach a resolution, do you 
foresee that they will be capable of 
controlling the spread of nuclear 
arms capabilities in other coun-
tries? 

York: It's conceivable, but we 
already know that other nations 
feel negatively about this prospect. 
For instance, the Chinese reject 
what they term superpower 
hegemony. Other nations as well 

Niederfranks 
Ice Cream Parlour 

Natural Ice Cream, Sandwiches, 
Hand-made Candies, [no Preservatins1 

Frozen Gourmet ·Quiches 
128 So. Acacia, Solana Beach 
(Across/rom Solana Theatre) 

Open 7 days and nighis) 

CALIFORNIA WESTERN SCHOOL OF lAW 
(ABA-AA1S accredited) 

IS ACTIVELY RECRUITING 

Minority Students WHO ARE INTERESTED 
IN OBTAINING A LEGAL EDUCATION. 

for further info : contact Prof. Gerald P. Lopez 
California Western School of Law 
350 Cedar SI. 
San Diego, CA. 92101 
239-0391 

application for fall semester must be filed by June 15, 1977 

York: I think there is much less a 
chance of this occurring than 
current discussions would lead one 
to believe. Security of nuclear 
power plants within the nuclear 
club appears to be sufficient at this 
time But, nevertheless , the 
potentiality does exist, and as the 
nuclear industry becomes more 
and more integrated into the 
national life everywhere, the 
possibilities of terrorism will in-
crease as we go down the road. 

'17: Will it take a nuclear ac-
cident of holocaust proportions 
before the public and its leaders 
recognize the absurdity of the 
current situation? 

York: You see, it is not enough to 
recognize the absurdity of the 
situation. We have to find a 
political solution through the maze, 
and it is this solution that is 
proving to be so elusive. The 
problems of international 
relations, of domestic constraints; 
of the technological impetus and a 
lack of public awareness, are all 
contributing factors to the losing 
battle. The public and its leaders 
must take political action to slow 
this process down. Hopefully, we 
can eventually initiate muta! 
reductions on all fronts. But 
currently, I can perceive no signs 
that we are dealing with this 
problem effectively. 

UCSD Police invites YOU to the FIRST 

Students/Police/StaffiFaculty participate in open discussion/ debate on: 

~ Viefacte 'Dwg& '8ea~ 0Wece ~ Ru.co1t ~ 
~ Ri;cb lUcafaa 

If you've got something on your mind-

Get it off at the GABFEST! 
MAY 9th at 7:30 PM 

NORTH CONFERENCE RM 
Student Center 


