
Urges Banks to Grant More Student Loans 
State-Guaranteed Loans Possible 

by H ..... Mcla&elb 
SWI Cerrespoadeat 

(SACRAMENTO) - Legislation 
to encourage California banks to 
grant 1DOI'e student loans was 
introduced in the Assembly last 
week by John Vasconcellos (D-San 
Jose.) 

According to Vasconcellos, 
chairperson of the Assembly 
Pennanent Subcommittee on Post-
Secondary Education, AS 647 
would enable the California 
Student Aid Commission to 
guarantee student loans made by 
banks. The Commission ad-
ministers student aid programs for 
the state. 

Commenting on the recent 
decline in the number of student 
loans made by California banks, 
Vasconcellos said, "Students from 
middle income families are not hit 
especially hard since they do not 
qualify for increasing grant aid 
going to the poorest students." 
Federal Govel'lllDeot GaaraDteea 
The · federal government 

currently guarantees 90 percent of 
student loans, according to Bruce 
Fuller, consultant to the sub-
conunittee hearings. But high 
default rates, bureaucratic red 
tape in Washington and par-
ticipation of unsotmd vocational 
schools has encouraged the banks 

not to make student loans. 
The other 10 percent of the 

student loans comes directly from 
the Federal government. 
President carter said this week he 
would not allocate the sup-
plemental funds for direct student 
loans because their default rate is 
higher than federally guaranteed 
bank loans. 

BrlIII Badl Ceatrol 
Ken Larkin, Senior Viee-

president of Bank of America said, 
"I'm in favor of a state 10M 
guarantee agency because it would 
bring control back from 
Washington. If the state became a 
loan guarantor, I think it would 
bring back a nwnber of other 
banks (that no longer grant student 
loans. ) It would also bring in 
Savings and Loan companies." 

With the passage of the Higher 
Education Act Anunendment of 
1976, Congress encouraged 
california to establish a state 
Agency to guarantee student loans. 
If such an agency were created, 
Congress would reinsure the loans 
at a 100 percent rate instead of the 
previous 80 percent, Fuller said. 

Twenty-six other states have 
passed student loan guarantee 
legislation, Vasconcellos said. In 
these states the default rate on 
student loans in only half that in 

states where Ute Federal Gover-
runent is the guarantor. 

Last year, under the federally 
administered loan program, 
student loans dropped by $93 
million nationally. But in states 
with guarantee agencies, loans to 
students increased by $70 million, 
he said. 

In calif., Bank of America is the 
largest lender, to students. Last 
year it cut the number of student 
loans from 43,000 to 31,000 which 
reduced the total volume by $22 
million. Security Pacific and 
United california Bank now lend 
$10 million and $9 million 
respectively less to students than 
they did three years ago, 
Vasconcellos said. 

Study Report Due 
A'study group sponsored by the 

Calif. Student Aid Commission is 
preparing a report on the 
feasibility of the state guaran-
teeing student loans. The group, 
composed of representatives from 
lending institutions, The U.S. 
Department of Health, Education 
and Welfare and institutions of 
higher education in California is 
scheduled to submit its report on 
Mayl. 

Jon Haber, a student 
representative in the study group 
and a Codirector of UC Student 
Lobby, said the lobby favors 
having the state asa guarantor of 
student loans. "The study group 
will have to decide whether to 
recommend the state be a lender, a 
guarantor, neither or both," he 
said. 

Vasconcellos said his bill may be 
ammended later to make the 
student Aid Commission a direct 
fender to students who are not 
adequately served by banks. 

Fuller said AB 647 was in-
troduced now 80 that it would be 
ready for legislative action when 
study group's report comes out. 

"Even if their report comes out 
on schedule, that only leaves us 
three 'Weeks (for legislative ac-
tion)." 

"We want to wait for them (the 
study group) to make their 
recoqunendations," he said. "But I 
hope to have a sense of what 
they're going to recommend. We 
want to have a couple of hearings 
on the bill and hopefully move it 
the week it (the bill) comes out." 

UCSD Outlook on U 
Village Project Mixed 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

Reduced size and the addition of housing facilities to the proposed La 
Jolla Village project has improved the outlook of the members of uCSO's 
Conunittee on University Community Planning .(CUCP) on the 
development plan that they had originally op~sed. 

According to Ken Bowers, Assistant Business Manager and CUCP 
member, the developers claim that the plan is a '-'new concept" in design. 
"I personally find it very attractive," said Bowers. "They have tailored it 
to meet our desires, aesthetically. " 

However, some CUCP members remain opposed to the basic project. 
Walter Kohn, of the Department of Physics, warned that " it is extremely 
undesirable for a regional center of this magnitude to be located near the 
University." Kohn felt that the plan would present an unattractive " in-
troduction of a certain character to the University." 

The revised plan has not yet been 
made available to Committee 
members, but the basic design is 
said to be similar to that of the 
original. The development calls for 
the construction of a convenience 
center, near La Jolla Village Inn, 
and a specialty center, south of 
Nobel Drive. A variety of small 
shops, two large department 
stores, restaurants, a bank, a 
theater, a drug store and a student 
oriented concourse are included in 
the project. 

C~dmcStud~tWanb 
Steve Colman, student Com-

mittee member, expressed a 
degree of Wldecidedness toward 
the proposal. " My feeling is that 
most UCSD students want two 
things that may be in conflict. The 
first is a good environment, with 
open space, including the Clifford Grobstein 
preservation of land and wildlife. 
Secondly, they want activities that will make the community and the 
University a more interesting place in which to live." The addition of 
housing to the plan and the prospect of a more active social life swayed 
Colman to "mild support of the development." 

The location of the project, which has been in the planning stages for 
two years, has been the main controversy for UCSD. Bowers pointed out 
that " commercial services near the University will playa significant role 
in sustaining student life on campus." He stressed the importance of non-
automobile transportation and the accessibility of the centers for foot and 
bike traffic. 

" I see this center as being different because it is in walking distnace," 
said Colman. CUCP members showed a general concern for futW"e 
mobiUty alternatives and for the restrictions which may be imposed by 
the energy conscious Carter administration. 

CUCP member John Stokes of Community Medicine told of his initial 
fears about the plan. "My first reaction was one of being appalled, like a 
lot of people." The revisions made Stokes "a little less concerned." He 
added that " the landscaping looks far more attractive than any place I've 
ever seen." 

The size was another factor in the members' opinions of the plan. Ruth 
, Continued on Page 3 

Campus Faces Serious 
Water Shortages-ECC 

by Wesley Wada 
StaHWriter 

" We can't afford to waste our 
resources. If we don ' t do 
something quickly we could face 
serious shortages," warned 
Energy Conservation Coordinator, 
William Pettus. 

Pettus, along with the Energy 
Conservation Committee (ECC), 
has been delegated the respon-
sibility of considering ways for 

UCSD to conserve water. 
At present, UCSD uses ap-

proximately 40-50,000 hundred 
cubic feet of water per month. 
Pettus states that water con-
servation measures for the campus 
are in the " planning and review" 
stages at the moment. 

Sixteen men from Challenger and Blake Halls have fornled an escort 
service to chaperone women who might otherwise be afraid to venture 
out alone on campus. 

Joe Fonnusa, a Revelle freShman and a hall program advisor, 
the program which provides escorts for women until 12:30 each 

night. 
"When I fOWld out how little was being done about rape, I decided to 

initiate this program," he said. 

Coop Asks Pamphlet Mailing, 
Week Referendum Delay 

At one time, UCSD researched 
the possibility of a water treatment 
plant for recycled water and the 
installation of a water reservoir for 
Wliversity use. The plan was not 
considered feasible and has been 
altered to a smaller scale as one 
possibility for conserving water. 
The ECC is considering recycling 
Wliversity water that is normally 
lost to the sewage system. A 
problem, however, as Pettus points 
out, is that "a lot of water is from 
the flush from chemistry labs. And 
an analysis of the water for con-
taminants will have to be done." 

"The campus police really checked us out," Fonnusa said, adding 
that they investigated each of the men's backgrounds, and now keep 
their fingerprints on file. t, 

"I'm held responsible for anything that happens," Fonnusa said, 
noting that volWlteers will be personally interviewed by him in addition 
to undergoing a police investigation. 

Formusa also hopes to purchase official windbreakers or jackets and 
flashlights for the escorts. He expects to obtain the funds if the service 
becomes popular. 

A4vertising and phone expenses are being taken care of by Phil 
Kirschner, the Revelle resident dean. 

The most frequent routes taken are: from Fourth College to the 
Humanities Library and the Student Center, and from Revelle to Muir 
and the Central Library. The service averages two or three calls a night 
and Formusa expects thiS number to increase 8$ word of the service 
spreads. 

Women who wish a male chaperone should call 4~96, 453-7537 or 
452-9879 and make an appointment. The dispatcher will give the caller 
the escort's name, and when he comes to get her, he'll show her his meal 
card thus identifying himself. 

-M-C 

Monday's Student Cooperative 
Union meeting brought forth 
several resolutions that, if 
initiated, will have a direct bearing 
on the upcoming referendum. 

The Coop in a vote of 34 to 12, 
with five abstentions, agreed to a 
resolution stating that the Chan-
cellor and Elections Board agree to 
eliminate the 25 percent minimum 
voter turnout requirement. 

The Coop also insisted that " the 
Chancellor's Elections Board mail 
the Voter Information Booklet to 
all graduate and undergraduate 
students.' 

Further, it was stated that the 
El ctions Board allow at least one 
week following mailing of th 
booklet, before holding the first 
day of polling. 

In th event the Chanc llor 

refuses to fund mailing of the 
Voter's Pamphlet, the Coop would 
request the Student Activity Fee 
Group to realocate the yearly 
operating budget, thus finding 
money to aid the Elections Board 
with off-campus mailing. 

Chancellor McElroy responded 
to the Coop's request for mailing, 
saying, "I don't see how we can do 
that. .. He cited mailing expenses 
as one reason for its not being 
feasible. . 

The Chancell r al noted that 
the Coop hould talk to th El 
tions Board conc rnin th ir 
r quest for mor time and 
abolition of the 25 perc nt turnout 
£igur , comm nting at the same 
Urn that he "didn't any reason 
why th y hould chang what' 
aIr ad been e tablished." 

Landscape Water Important 



Papt 

Revelle Disputes Facts 
Co~cern ng Roof Lock Issue 
lEdItw'. lIMe:tldlletIer II ba ~ 10. letter prtDIed Meaday, from 
.... 1Iemkea.) 

'lbere are many iIlacuracies, omrnissiona and distortions of the truth in 
your letter of Feb. 17, 1977. The facton I identified as reasons for keeping 
the rool door locked are neither fabricated nor trivial ; they are an ac-
curate and objective accoWlt of a danprou.s situation. 

1. You mention that, "There has been aguardraU in stock for months. " 
I don't know where you got your information, but no such guardrail 
exists. If you had checked with the Office of Architecta and Engineen, 
you .wouId t)ave learned that the project has been planned, b. that no 
materiala have yet been,PUl'chued. 

At any rate, this lIa matter over wljcb I have no control. The Pbyslcal 
Plant Department will install the guardrail when it II purctued and 
according to their workload prkJrities. 'Ibis guardrail, by the way, will be 
purchased with norHtudent fees; the locka and door repairs, 011 the other 
band, are paid for completely by student bousing fees. 

On furtberchecklng with the Environmental Health and Safety Office, I 
\earned that the guardrail Is being Installed to protect the maintenance 
people wbo occaasionaUy need to work 011 the roof. It Is not intended to 
aUow for a sWlbathing deck on the roof of Argo HaD. 

On the contrary, such a deck would never be approved, they said, 
because of the limited access to the roof. If tbere were ever a fire in the 
.GDe and only stairwell leading to the Argo roof, any students on the roof at 
Uiat time would be trapped without any means of exit. This Is another 
reason why this area is currently off limits. 

2. I am shocked by your callolL'l, inhuman comment about student 
health insurance covering student Injuries. Does the insurance cover 
death, also? Are you implying that we should not try to correct dangerolL'l 
situations, beeaWl! even If a student is seriously injured, his health in-
surance will cover him? Your lack of concern for fellow students' safety 
amazes me, and I cannot accept your position In any way. 

3. The Residence Hall Board's plan to build a sundeck was anything but 
workable. You failed to solve the safety problems I just described and you 
indicated no support from the students you supposedly represent. Your 
plan rather smacked of serving your own Interests rather than respon-
ding to the needs of the students you were elected to represent. 

It is interesting to note that you and the other members of the rum who 
were pushing this plan all live in Argo Hall. It would also seem very easy 
for you to walk the 25 yards to use the sundeck already available on Blake 
Hall, which in my two years of living in Blake Hall, I have never seen 
crowded. 

I decided to move the Revelle Resident Dean's Office from Argo to 
Blake Hall for the primary reason of malting the office more accessible to 
students. 

If you check the new office vefSWI ~ old, you will find that the amount 
of space allocated to the staff has increased from approximately 560 sq.' 
to 660 sq.', whild the amoWlt available to students and RAs has grown 
from 132 sq.' to 560 sq.'. This is a significant increase. which has paid off 
handsomely by providing more student involvement in the Revelle 
Resident Dean's Office. The cost of accomplishing this move was IIDder 
$5000.00, not $12,000.00 as you alleged This office is open to you and the 
other members of the RHB, but so far you have declined to WI! it. 

1 suggest that the next time you write a letter making such charges you 
take the time to check the facts before you write the letter. 

WHr..l·u.. WI; (707 
CA.Rm~ w~ms 10 
aIMINA.T~ NUC~E"M< 

W~A.rON3 fROM 
IHIS ~~KtW! 

PHn. KIRCHNER 
Resident Dean 

• rIt4 •• t."'"N Wedaelda" Mare. Z, 1177 
Commentary 

"COOp Just Hasn't Worked Out" 

This is my own opinion. It is in no 
way supposed to represent the 
views held by members of the 
Triton Times. 

Originally, the Coop was an 
excellent idea for a student 
govenwnent. Each stud"t bolding 
an equal share of the governmental 
power. >. ihounded good. 

1 heald one of the Coop's foun-
ders say the other day, however, 
that "I.t has turned into a joke." 

It Just hasn't worked out. The 
Feb. 7 meeting, In which the Coop 
floundered and argued with and 
accused itself for four solid hours, 
was a distinct indication. Nothing 
was accomplished. Yet, in a letter 
to the Triton Times Friday, Jon 
Bekken said, "The meeting of Feb. 
7 was a test of strength for par-
ticipatory government, and the 
Coop came through intact." I fail 
to see the logic there. 

I believe that the reason the Coop 
has, for the most part, failed, is its 
own defensiveness against 
criticism. Regular attenders of 
meetings appear more inclined to 
deafly go about their own blL'liness, 
or even lash out against those who 
are providing the criticism, rather 
than looking at themselves and 
wondering if the critici.$rn might be 
true. 

The attitudes of some of these 
people have bordered on paranoia. 
In another Friday letter, Scott 
Elisberg labels the WI! of the word 
" regulations" instead of 
"guidelines" in a previous Coop-. 
related editorial as "a blatant 
distortion of facts ." He added that 
it was one of the "less subtle 
examples of prejudice" he had 
seen in Triton Times referendum 
coverage. What worries me is that 
he probably believes that. 

Meanwhile, Bekken lauded the 
fact that the Coop is a par-
ticipatory, non-representative 

govenment. But I wonder about 
the 99 percent of the students who 
are either unable to or don't want 
to attend meetings every week. 
They donate a majority of the 
$144,000 that the Coop doles out, yet 
there is no mechanism built into 
the Coop to draw their views. I see 
this as a glaring weakness of the 
Coop. 

And why does it appear that, 
even though every student Is e ... 
titled to one vote, every time a 
larger-than-usual crowd gathen 
for a meeting, fingers begin 
pointing at members who have 
recruited students to "stack" the 
voting their way? 

And why isn't it a conflict of 
interest when the Coop is entiUed 
to place three people on the seve ... 
person Elections Board, which was 

to make important decisions 
re~g the directioo of the 
upcoming referendum? Doesn't 
that give the Coop an unfair ad-
vantage over the other models on 
the referendwn? 

I have no idea which of the 
governmental models will win next 
week's referendum. In fact I'm 
still not sure whicb I will vote for. 

I do know, however, that UCSD 
students deserve a credible, ser-
vice-providing government to 
spend their money. 

If the Coop is given another 
chance by the students, I hope It 
will begin serving all of the 
students - not just themselves. If 
the Coop loses, I will look to the 
new form of government to provide 
some of the services tha t have been 
lacking. 

Bakke Decision Supported; 
Prejudice is' "Unacceptable" 

The viewpoint of the aU~oo­
frequently silent majority mlL'lt be 
voiced in regard to the Bakke 
decision. Behind a strong drive by 
the Student Coalition Against 
Racism, the position that the 
Bakke decision represents a 
reversion to racism has been 
widely promulgated. 

The Triton Times even implied 
that the 150 people sitting in front 
of the gym st.!ps last Wednesday 
were all there "to rally against the 
Bakke decision." 

I and many others had jlL'lt been 
listening to the band! 

I support the Bakke decision. 
I believe most people do. 
In their ruling, the Justices of the 

Supreme Court reasoned that med 
school applicants should not 
receive preferential consideration 
based solely on their membership 
in any particular racial group. 
Minority applicants have been 
favored by admissions committees 
solely because of the color of their 
skin. The applicants need only be 
)lOn-white and non-yellow. 

Coming from a poor family or an 
inferior high school have not been 
necessary (or · this speCial treat-
ment. Neither has a stated irr 
tention to set up a medical practice 
which would serve people who are 
generally getting inadequate 
health care. The admission 
.committees hope that minority 
doctors will go to the barrios. 

Meanwhile, a white pre-med 
_ student is supposed to get Wled to 

the fact that he may work much 
harder than a minority student and 
still be rejected before the 
minority student. Greg Aklli, 
implying that the Bakke decision is 
racist, defined racism as "the 
culture of de'nial based exclusively 
upon race." But is it not the white 
pre-med who is being denied? ! 

, The argument is that the 
minority applicants Who are 
chosen are as qualified as the 
whites anyway. But the fact is, by 
the med schools' own standar<l'i 
(GPA, MCATs, extracurricular 
activities, etc), the minority 
student is not always as qualified. 
Otherwise he would be accepted 
even if he were White! 

The supporters of "affirmative" 
action are doing minority groups a 
disservice. They are giving 
patients a reason to believe a 
minority doctor may not be quite 
as good as a white doctor. I resent 
being given a reason to prefer a 
white doctor. The admissions 
committees are establishing 
prejudice firmly in the field of 
medicine. 

"Affirmative" action establishes 
a dangerous precedent. It says that ' 
discrimination is okay sometimes. 
The only way to abolish prejudice, 
which I abhor, Is to make 
discrimination unacceptable 
absolutely, whether the group be 
black businessmen or white pre-
meds, whether the year be 1977 or 
1997. 

- SCO'IT RIEDLER 

Referendum Letters Deadline 
I 

The deadUne for acceptlDg letters concemJug the refereudum II Dext 
Monday at 8:30 am. Please type lelten on aD 7kpace Uoe, double 
spaced and no more thaD I 1fl pages In length. 

•••••••••••••••• 1fi:jc:J ••• t=iI: ••••••••••••• 
••••• l ••••••• ~ ••••••• ~ ••••• ~~~ 
r:.. . .......... . ~ ~o?L ~<-~~b 1 0 '0,. ? 
= ~<c JRe 'JIogurf JlUair 0o"}J 
I 1030ToneyPln .. Rd. ~"'/7 
• uJ~~ 0 ~ 

~Uy any frozen yogurt del .... t and get • Meond Item , priced the .. _ or I .... FREE, with thl. coupoe. 
•••••••••••••• 

COUpons 
. ............. I.~ 
FIEIT4I HEIDIE I 
Two combination dinners • 

for the price of one! II 
From 11 am·S pm Saturdays and Sundays only • 

4015 GOVERNOR DRIVE Coupon ."pI,.. .J 
UNIVERSITY CITY 453-7515 Aprff9. 1977 

• ••••••••• 

PRECISION CUnlNG 
SlClNCAIIE 

AJLUET MANICURING 

1151 110...., Ct. 
IUtlltt..,a.. .... V ....... 

45I-06I0 · 
10,," DISCOUNT 

*,'h 'lUCIen!: FIGUIty 10 J' 
"'" ..,It" • coupon 

I. , 

Wedael4l." Marel! Z, lt77 ......... hlll'S 

letters to the Editor 

Support Sh~wn for Prof. Ngubo Tbe Great Haircut Place ~tts Co 
f)rop lQ for a HE! PERSON~ ~£l To: Anthony Ngubo, Ph.D., consistently displayed in your 

Assistant Professor of SocIology: seminars. 
A few weeks ago, graduate Much concern was displayed 

students met to discuss what they when it was diIcovered that your 
could do to give expression to bow contract has been tenninated, and 
highly they regard your teaching the sentiment was articulated that 
abilities and the overall in- both the sociology department and 
tellectual qualities which you have the students of UCSD would suffer 

Student Elections Needed To 
Insure Gov't Accountability 

There was a student debate on the Muir campus Tuesday night over the 
issue of what type of student govenunent structure we should have in the 
future. 1 was shocked to find UCSD has no elected student government, 
and yet we have students speaking for IL'I on campus conunittees and 
statewide With no channels of accoWltability to the student body. 

Elections are the only real mechanism there is to force persons wishing 
to speak for others to accept responsibility for their actions and provide 
the accountability we so desparately need on this camPIL'I. 

I understand we have the opportWlityJo vote on the type of government 
we want during the ninth week of this quarter. I'm convinced we mlL'lt 
vote in the ASUCSD model which ensures that elections in all colleges will 
be held at least once a year. 

Water Shortages._ 
CODtiaued from Page 1 

would be through the recycling of 
water. Pettus also expressed a 
confidence that "once people 
started thinking about the water 
problem," a more efficient use of 
the water could be achieved with a 
minor amount of Inconvenience. 
He compared the water situation to 

I • 

t.a Jolla Village._ 

PHn."GANAZER 

that of the present shortage of 
energy. 

"We saw . the problem coming, 
but nobody got serious Wltil we got 
down to the core. We should plan 
now and make arrangements (or 
future shortages," Pettus con-
cluded. 

Contlaued from Page 1 
Covell, Health Sciences Planning Officer, said "I personally feel that 
having two retail stores is not desirable in tenns of its long range effects 
on the community." Colman saw the centers as potentially creating an 
additional traffic problem>around the University, especially in the early 
morning and afternoon. "It would add not only a congestion, but an ae-

, cidentfactor. II 
No Towu Cuter CcmfUct 

In response to the question of conflict with the Town Center (Triton 
Times, Nov. 16,) which is all ready under construction, Colman said that 
the two projects "serve different fWlctions and are not really duplications 
of each other." He also viewed the La Jolla Village project as serving a 
smaller population and as being more convenient, as opposed to the Town 
Center which is about three miles away. 

Clifford Grobltein, Vice:.ehancellor of University Relations and 
chairman of the CUCP, declined to give his personal views on the project, 
claiming that they were "not at issue." But he did point out that Com-

, mittee members were in the process of "gathering information on the 
status of opinion" in relation to the plan. He noted that while the CUCP 
had formerly only endorsed the convenience center, changes made by the 
developers had led the group to reaseas the situation. 

"The ConuniUee wants· to get as broad an q,ut as possible from the 
University community," prior to their next meeting, scheduled for next 
Wednesday, according to CoveU. Bowers also Indicated that be Is looking 
for a response, saying that be is largely inDuenced by student opinion 
"After all, it's the students who have to live on campus." 

S&adeltta Poillt of View 
Speaking from a student's point of view, Colman felt that "it would be a 

pleasant environment to live in," He saw benefits for "students living on 
campus without automobile transportation." He favored the limited 
parking space at the proposed centers, adding that ". think we need to get 
a transit service, like a shuttle blL'l, so we don't have to drive so much." 

David Ryer, Committee member and Assistant Chancellor, said "I 
would like to know what the rest of the UCSD community thinks about 
this, especially the students." He saw "pros and cons" in the proposal, 
and continued that "some think it's an advantage and others think 
completely the opposite." He added that "I was very impressed at the 
last meeting at the responsiveness of the developllrs. " 

Grobstein stated that "it's hard to find out what anybody feels about 
anything on this camplL'l," but that the CUCP is "making serious efforts" 
to solicit opinion from the students, faculty and administration at UCSD . 
Committee members were anxious to have as many people contact them 
as possible, so that they may act with a clearer knowledge of what the 
particular desires and needs of people on campus are. 

an irremid18ble loss In the event of 
your departure. This letter is the 
result of that meeting where 
graduate students voted 
unanimously to write a statement 
of support. 

~~ to 
9443 Ladolla BlVd u _ 
454·3031 ~ ~ . 
Men & women .. we specialize in hlircutti,. only - ~ = 

It has come to our attention that 
the position of a lectureship is 
something that you might consider 
applying for. 

IN;OI.lJ\;l>'lllSN;OO flN;I'I!};' 4 ~ .. ~~ 
This is a position which' we feel 

you are weU qualified to fill since 
you are considered by many to be 
one of the best teachers in the 
sociology department. We wish you 
good luck in your endeavors and 
continue to hold you in the higliest 
esteem. 

The Graduate Students 
Departmeat of Sociology 

I ri'ClIl IIIIII'S 

David Eisen· E • .,utl ... _Itor· 
Mart< Stadler· M .... llin~ .. .clltor 
Gary Ghirardl· Ad .. r1Ie1ng MIfI8ger 
Alan Russell . N_ Mllor 
Alee Nedelman· A •• celet. N __ Itor 
Shouno Slokes· Prod:x:Uon ...... 0-
SYe Nealon· Copy _lIor 
Ran Anbar· OpInion «IUor 
Scoll Sadil • Sport. _It or 
Tim MacKen, ie · Ar1 • .cIItor 
Bill Brooks· Photo .. ltor 
Joel C. Oon • A"oeIete N .... editor 

Computer Hobbyists!, 
HAVE YOUR QWNCOMPUTER! 

cc, :"~p L':.: ·rE ~UCHocor1PUTER !GTS 
Dogo ~ zBo~ 6800, 6502 , CCMPUTER3 

Join The Computer Revolution 

~COMMUNITY~ 
~L()()D BANK~ the computer center 8205 RONSON ROAD SAN 01 EGO> . (714) 292-5302 . 
. 

983lndla . 
327 FStreet 

PAYS DONORS 
. for Service 

Mon. - Fri. 
233-5481 
234·4601 . 

..••.••••••.•.•...•............. 

INTERNATIONAL GUIDE TO 

TRAVEL HOUSING 
IIIDUCI TIIAYEL COITI 

St., in cone'l .... Uni .. "itJ ""iNnc" 
• over 230 coll'les and un; ... ersitiftilited 
• 21 countries ,epreMnted fincludln. 

U. S . • nd Canadl) 
• inexpensive rooms 
• low-cost meal. 
• campus acth,IU.. • 
• ..... II.b .. holldty periods 

~tf:~e~::'::I.,i~.-n~.er.:.:' =~ 
URi.,.,.ily H ...... ,O Mnd $1 to TeacherS 
~:~~,.,,'cel P. . 80. 7006, 8erkeJe)" 

J()ill "'(',\I(llIfoI7ISIllJ/JJln\~(~\JifJIl. 
• Choose from a wide variety of introductory 

and advance~ courses taught by Stanford's 
own distinguished faculty and guest 
professors. Courses in such fields as : 

• history / humanities / languages / sciences 
mathemat ics / technology / social sciences 
educatiutl / special programs and institutes 

ItGAIoId 
SUmMeI 
S8SSiOft 
.III/It' 20 -A/~~/I.\llJ 

• Surround yourself with our unusually plea ant climate, 
nearby beaches and redwood and enjoy the ultural ' 
and recreational attral.:tion of a 
San Francisco Bay Ar;ea, 

great university and the 

• The Summer Visitor Program i'i opel! to lInJcrgradliate and 
gr.aduatc student in good standing , per on aged 2S years or 
OYl'r, anll qualified high school students. 

• The application procedure is Sil~lPIc, and SlIllllIll.T visitors necd not 
IlIl'ct / the usual admission reqllircll1C'llls. 

• For your copy of our 1977 S,ummer ession Buill-tin and an application 
for admission , clip this-dd and mail to : 

Stanford Summer Sc ion 
'Stanford Univer ity ' 
Stanford , ('A 94305 
(415) 497-3 109 

N.me .... ____________________________________________________ __ 

AddR:U _____________ ~ ____ ~ ____________________________ ~ 



, 

W ed ..... " ".re.Z, 1177 

A New qirection for Creative En~rgies~ 
Performar)ce Art is Assertive Expression 

. , 

trlbuted to Art III Amerle. and 
other art publications as well. 

fonnance worb today, as many of 
the slides by different arUsts in the 
lecture iUuslrated. 

F.ther of "GUtter" 
Although many performance 

artists were mentioned, such as 
Lorri Auderson, Martha Wilson 
and Poppy Johnson, both de Ak and 
Robinson put a great deal of effort 
into describing the worlt· of Jack 
Smith, inventor ·of "glitter" and 
coiner of the phrase "Theatre of 
the Ridiculous." He is an "ego-

Violence & Ahsur.Qity ake for Child's Play 
BJ hal Watry audience. The startling antics of Father and Mother Ubo apparently were too 

Staff Writer much, especially for cultivated 19th century French onlookers. When played, 
Ubu shocked just about everybody who came to see it. . 

It is certainly ominous that the first presentation of Alfred Jarry's IWag With this same touch of irreverence towards the audience, IWaI Vba 
Uba in 19th century France caased one of the most violent theatrical r10ta of concluded ita five day run at the Mandeville Art Gallery. Director Michael 
all time. Jarry's approach to the theater was an unprecedented mixture of Addison and the rest of the " Ubu players" succeeded directly In not only 
sWTealism and insanity ; totally unexpected and often offensive to the presenting Uba in the spirit of Jarry, but also to improve on the original. 

But to understand the play and to ,..--------------H--- --------------, certain qualities grossly exaggerated. 
appreciate the brilliance of Addison's . Addison, in this production, realizes 
direction, one must · understand the this and structures the play around it. 
purpose of Uba as Jarry intended it. He makes it all seem abnost like a 
KklDg Uba was meant to reject the McDonalds commercial. The scenes 
standards and values of traditional appear and disppear so quickly that 
English theater through senseless and the audience doesn't have time to 
shocking expressions. It is more or absorb what is going \In . Ubu Is like 
less a humourous play of anti-realism Ronald McDonald, a rin,gleader of an 

"This whole lecture WBli nothing 
more than a personality parade ! I 
don't know any more about per-
formance art DOW than I did before 
the lecture." An indignant member 
of the audience sunnounted his 
passive role, ranted these words of 
criticism and turned an informal 
lecture into a thougIlt-provoklng 
discussion. UWe 'did he know that 
his confusion was the storehouse 
for a latent understanding of the 
very essence of performance art. 

"Recent Performance Art" was 
the title of this slide-illustrated talk 
by Edit de At and Walter Robinson 
at the La Jolla Museum of Con-
temporary Art last Thursday. 
Robinson and de At are the 
founders and co-editors of Art-

Rlte~ an art magazine distributed 
in the US, Canada, England and 
Europe. They have both con-

Following an informal and semi-
structured format, de Ak and 
Robinson spewed forth a 
conglomeration of the develop-
mental aspects of performance art 
and descriptions of recent works 
by performance artists. De At 
emphasized the " temporal nature" 
rL the performance medium and . 
made jt clear that such " in-
stantaneous energy outputs" are 
impossible to fully capture with 
words or cameras. 1be per-
fonner/audience interaction is a 
premise of this form of self-
expression and it is this intimacy 
that eludes any fonn of captivity or 
reproduction. 

centric, over middle-aged , 
neurotic , gay, decadent, un-
derground cult personality." 
Because it Is " physically 
dangerous for actors to work with 
him," Smith often resorts to 
stuffed animals ' as tools for 
" imaginative animation" in his 
" campish" stunts. Confusion 
reigns over his Arabian night 
themes, which stem from late 1930 
Hollywood movies and "lack of 
polish" is his style. 

which actually jolts the audience in an entirely nonsensical world. He is 
insulting experience. concerned only with his own par-

KkIDg Uba is in reality sort of a tlcular idea of what Is right. "Rumours" Fly for Fleetwood Mac 

The Triton Times Is published by UCSO 
students as the official student 
newspaper. Publication Is on Mondays. 
Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular school year (except on off icial 
hol idays). Editoria l and business off ices 
are located in the SlUClent Center at the 
University of California, San Diego. For 
ed itorial . call 452·3466; for busir.ess and 
display advert ising. call 452·3466. 

Letters to the editor and opinion 
.columns are welcomed. All submissions 
must be typed and double-spaced on a 
74-space line . They should not exceed 1· 
1 / 2 pages in length. 

Submitted material must betr the 
name and student identification number 
of the author. Namee can be wllt'l>eld 
from publication on request ; however the 
names will be held on file for public 
inspection. 

The Triton Times _. the right to 
edit submissions because of space 
limitations or styie requirements . 

Entire contents copyright t977 . the 
Triton Timea. 

Social aDd ArUaUc 
Developmental Aspects 

Robinson and de Ak also men-
tioned some of the social and ar-
tistic aspects of the 1960s which led 
to the development of performance 
art. Alienation and television 
encouraged an identity crisis 
which "put the artist in a sort of 
limbo, where he was not able to get 
his message ac ross." Then, "about 
four years ago, a new energy 
emerged in artists," spurred on by 
a psychological revolution and 
group therapy. This "new energy" 
found its ouq,ut in "physical 
assertion in front of an audience." 
Performance was a "quick way to 
assert yourself and get quick 
personal recognition and an 
audience. " 

Some of the artlsUc develop-
mental aspects Ii performance art 
include . happenings, poetry ' 

• readings, theatre of the ridiculous, 
display art, story art, the video-
tape phenomenon and media 
perfo rmance. Many of these 
aspects are still part of per: 

Opening March 3 
SHORT EYES 

by Miguel Pinero 
A San Diego premiere. Winner of the 
Obic and N . Y . Drama Critics Circle 
Award . A drama about men in prison . 

At the Balboa Park Puppet Th ea tre 
March 3·27, Thursday ·Sunday 

Curtain : 8 :00 p .m . 

RESERVATIONS: 234-0944 
Student rates auailable 

Produc",d by 
California·Pacific Community Theatre 

.... - U C San II. campus Program Board presents 

RONNIE LAWS ANd PRESSURE 
M o rch 13. 8:00pm 

UCSDGym 
UCSD Sf. $3.50 

G.A. $4.50 
TICkets: UCSD 80x office ond 

011 Tlcketron Outlets. 451·4559 
~...,.. _____ For information cal 452·4559 

A quote by one performance 
artist, read by de Ak, described the 
urge toward performance art as a 
hand in a glove situation. " I 
wanted to come out. Out of what ? 
'" In performance, I hear what I 
say and then I know what I am." 
An "urgency to extrovert" finds a 
socially acceptable output. 

New York City, where much of 
performance art centers, became 
a neighborhood of performing 
friends, where a ready audience is 
always on hand for another per-
sonality parade . 

child's version of Macbeth ; mixing The production confinns this. Will 
Shakespeare with the old Roadrunner Klipfel, as Kking Ubu, behaves like a 
cartoons. It is overly concerned with child, always screaming until he gets 
violence but only in a comic/farcical his way. The sets and background, 
way. crudely comprised, make this seem 

The plot itself is familiar. A Polish like a child's make-believe playpen 
duke, Father Ubu, is coerced by his and Klipfel's acting performance is 
wife to murder the Polish king and like a continual temper tantrwn. Ubu 
take his crown. Ubu does so and then lives for the moment and he is content 
sets up a regime which exists only to to do bizarre deeds for the sake of 
kill everyone in sight for absolutely no doing them, not for the advancement 
reason at all . In a childlike revelation, of any real plot of the story. In KIting 
Ubu exposes his intention of grabbing Ubu, anything goes, whether it is 
as much gold as possible so " pretty accepted behavior or not. 
soon I can make my fortune . Then I 
can killeverybody and run away." . This is the secret of the play. The 

Eventually, Mother Ubu (the purpose of KltlDg Ubu Is to present the 
queen) talks him into going to war absurdity of m&dern theater in con-
against Russia so . she can steal his crete tenns. When one sees Ubu, one 
treasure. Ubu goes, but during the sees the absurdity of 90 percent of the 
way, all continuity is lost in the things shown on television today. It 
general shuffle of things. There is does not bind itself with theatrical 
intrigue for the sake of intrigue and conventions. Instead, IWaI Vbu 
violence for the sake of violence, but shows exactly wbat a four year old 
there Is no coherent plot. It is almost would come up with if he rewrote 
• asurrealisUc child's dream, with Macbeth. 

by Tim MacKenzie 
Arts Editor 

Rumours - Fleetwood Mac 
(Warner Bros . Records ) 

Rumours, the unbelievably good 
successor to last years ' Fleetwood 
Mac LP, is a testimony to the 
veteran group's depth and talent. 

The three writers in the band, 
(Christine McVie, Lindsey 
Buckingham, Stevie Nicks) used 
the ir pers onal traumas and 
heartaches a s inspiration for both 
the material a nd the album title. 
The result is music that is in-
trospective, yet dynamic and' 
energized. 

Buckingham's "Second Hand 
News" gets Rumours off to the 
same kind of up!>eat start as 
" Monday Morning" did for 
Fleetwood Mac. Buckingham 

Movie 'Review 
Direction wns "Voyage of the Damned" 

Mandeville Presents "Sonar" 
Sonor, the UCSD new music 

ensemble, praised ~s virtuoso by 
the Los Angeles Times, will 
present Erickson's Pia~ Con- . 
certo, (Cecil Ly tle, pia no) 
Etendre by Bernard Rands, 
(Bert Turetzky , contrabass) 
Serenade For A Satellite by 
Maderna and Barltok 's Sonata 
For 2 Pianos and Percussion, 

(Cecil Lytle, Tamas Ungar, 
piano, J ean-Charles Francois, 
Owen Goldman , percussion ) on 
the Wednesday Evenings ID the 
Mandeville Center Concert 
. Series, tonight at 8 in the Man-
deville Auditorium. 

Tickets ava ilable UCSD Box 
Office and at the door. 

-------CPB-.... Friday 
and 

Saturday 
nl.hl: 
Films 

GONEWiTN 
THlWIND 
Friday, M arch 4 
Mandeville Auditorium 
7 :00pm 
$1 .25 

swept away 
Saturday , M arc h 5 
M andev i lle Auditorium 
7 :00 and 9 :30 p m 
$1 .25 

SW EPT AWAY is the s tory of a tumultuous 
courtship involving a r ich , besutiful c a pltanat 
and a communis t d eck hand who are marooned 
o n a desert island in t h e M e diterrane an . 

by Margaret Hewey 

It's difficult not to have a painful, 
sympathetic nerve automatically 
struck when one witnesses masses of 
innocent peop le being shipped 
across the sea to a strange 
destination. 

Voyage of the Damned, based on 
historical facts, explores this 1939 
shipment of 937 Jews to Havana by 
the Nazis on the Hamburg-Amerika . 
liner , the St. Louis. It wa s the Nazi 
propagandists' plan to make an 
example of these passengers, to the 
world. They arranged for the J ews 
to be refused la nding privileges once 
they reached the Havana harbor. By 
putting them in such an awkward, 
diplomatically tricky situation, the 
Nazis thought they were proving to 
the world what " problems" the Jews 
were . 

Knudsen 

clor Stuart Rosenberg 
to continually strike that 

nerve within the · viewer. 
good reason too - obviously the 

suffered innumerable 
J-tuau.ons and cruelties by the 

However, he often does it 
resorting to any 

n6dratTl!lt.ir contrivance he can 
to snare already felt sym-
(suicides, outbreaks of wild 

mental breakdowns, etc.) 
the film has is that it is 

slfs1tudlied, and manages to bring 
fine performances. The 
stars a re in the passenger 

Grant po~rays the 
wife of a man gradually 

because of painful 
_'lJn~s Lynne Frederic is their 

who is worried about her 
with Malcolm MacDowell, 

the German crew members. 

JlHair 
Rd. 
La Jolla 

Another couple with ma rriage 
problems is Faye Dunaway and 
Oska r Warner - despite difficulties 
they t ry to set an example for the 
rest of the passengers by helping 
others. David Carradine plays an ex-
concentration camp victim who has 
endured incredible suffering . 

Needless to say, life on board the 
St. Louis is a mess, yet the soap 
opera manner in which the chaos is 
conveyed is even messier. Director 
Rosenberg manages to make many 
of the scenes look like cuts from 
Uves. 

In Havana, Katherine Ross, Orson 
Welles, James Mason and Ben 
Gazzarra are featured. Mason 
proves to be the best of the bunch. A 
high point in the film Is when he 
orders the Cuban president to allow 
two little g,irls off the ship. He does 
this out of compassion for the girls ' 

father , who scrimped and saved fo r 
their freedom. 

The movie starts to drag · 
noticeably during the voyage. 
Rosenberg works the shots out in 
repetitive cycles - first a long shot of 
the ship , then a focus, sa y, on the 
Dunaway·Werner marriage, later a 
switch to Havana centering on a 
diplomat, then it's back to a long 
shot of the St. Louis once again. 

This cycle is carried out several 
times, focusi ng on different 
characters and their predictable 
lives. It's enough to m ake one 
seasick - all tha t rocking .around in 
circles. Still, it can 't be ignored that 
there are some very tou!!hing 
moments in Voyage of the Damued. 

The fibn does have an interesting 
story to tell and a valid statement to 
make, unfortunately, it doesn't 
come off successfully, 

ue s. Di.,. C ..... s ""'.'" IHnI 
" ... nts 

The San Francisco 
Mime 
Troupe 

}'Ialse Promises/Nos Enqanaron 
March 8, 8 :00 p. m . 

Ma n dl:villl: A uditorium 
Stud~nts : $2.00, G .A. $3 .50 

Tichts: UC San Dil!go Box OfficI! 
. 452-4559 

scores again with the rocker " Go 
Your Own Way," the most in-
fectious cut on the first s ide of the 
LP. Other selections include a 
sultry " Dreams" by Stevie Nicks 
and Christine McVie's tender 
"Songbird. " 

Side two of Rumours is Fleet· 
wood Mac's most consistently 
appealing work, beginning with 
"The Cha in," the best selection on 
the album. Interestingly enough, 
"The Chain" is the product of the 
entire band, with both Mick 
Fleetwood and J ohn McVie listed 
as co-writers. Christine McVie 
shows her versatility with a sexy 
tune called "You Make Loving 
Fun" a nd a terrific blues-tinged 
ballad, " Oh Daddy ." Not to be 
outdone, Stevie Nicks contributes a 
bouncy " I Don't Want To Know" 
and a haunting number called 
"Gold Dust Woman," which, in-

cidentally, could be a better song 
than her "Rhianoon." 

It really is no surprise that 
Fleet wood Mac has finally 
achieved success, for the group has 
so much talent. The key, of course, 
was the addition of Buckingham 
and Nicks. Fleetwood Mac 
probably is the best sounding vocal 
band around, with three lead 
vocalists, allowing for diversity 
and excellent harmonies. Not to be 
forgotten is the fine rhythm 
established by bassist John McVie 
and drummer Mick Fleetwood, the 
only original members in the band. 

The first question most people 
seem to ask about Rumours is 
whether it Is better than the 
Fleetwood Mac LP. Well , it is not 
only as good, but it just might be 
better . I only hope that they are 
prepared to have another 
quadruple platinwn LP. 

ST£VE WOlF & JIM RISSMtLLER 
COOIRDINlA.lI.!lII WITH lcn ANNOUNCE.. . 

NILS LOFGREN 
EXTRA ADDED ATIRAct lON 

STARCASTLE 
SUNDAY MARCH 13 

StOaII j'lD. ~~. 
All -..- "'75.5.75. ' .7$ Qoc:_ pa<lloc) 
TIc_ A"'~" It All 1111 c.. .... _ '. --. Al I _ TIcUI_1eo, s,o.to __ t _ • • 

, .. _ cotl ~17I. 

DrnOS . 
at 

The Fitting Room 
5887 University Ave. 

287-9160 

Bananas Love Seal 

30% off Suggested Retail Prices 
Juniors & Children 

selected Imperfects 
New Arrivals: Men 's Fashion · 
Come on Over. Grab 8 Pair! 

hr. Mon . Fri: 10-6 un 12-5 



• 

.a.e. 

S 

'd ' 1, 
-1~ .'~ 

(18'GRIE"N 
Optometry , 

Orthokeratology 
Visual Perception 

1150 Camino Del Mar 
Suite 0 
~I Mar California 92014 

MEDALIST INDUSllUES 

EXCEPTIOIAL 
SAIIIOS 

S 
Manufac~urer Liquidating 

one of Its warehouses ... 
BOOkbagS 

BaCkPRkS 
BaCkPaCking Equipment 

I mUCh, muCh more 

s 

11'1141111 hili'S 

TRAvEl 
Europe, ,,,.,, Orlenl, AUllralla, NV & ChI. 
Complete studenl 1 __ cenler. AIST, 2et S. 
La Clenaga BI. 1101 e.wr1y Hills. 213/&57-
2727 (6 I !?) 
There's over 40" of new snow I UC Spring aiel 
f.st 3/211 10 4/2 - Lifts Lodging, Trana . • 
Partie •. 5167.95 al80x office. (317) 
Book NOW - Book on c.mpus! 
Europe, HawaII & Auslralia 
Charter Fllghtl 
CIEE Travel Sarvlces 
Open Weekdays 1-5 PM 
452-0630 

WANTEd 
Earn S80 or more weekly at college In your 
spare lime. For inlormation rush 25 cents 
and stamplld self-addressed envelope to: 
BCA Wesl Cenler, P.O. Box 2056. La Jolla. 
CA . 92038 (3/ 4) 

Wanled: Children age. 7- tO ~rs lor a 
psychology e'perlment, currenlly being 
conducted al the p.ychology building on 
Muir. The .tudy will examine children's lever 
- pressing performance under various 
scheduled 01 reward , and will 18St lor a 
durallon 01 t2 mlns. Each child will be paid 
money lor their participation . Please contact 
the Psych . Dept. at 452-3000. Thank-you. 
(2/21 ) 
Need extra cash? Paying Top Oollar for U.S. 
silver coins belore 1965, and pennies belore 
1959 Ken 755-7371 (3 1'21) 
1/2 F roomie. $1 001 mo. Del Mar 2 blluj Irorr 
beach available now!! call I",ncl". 75s-6189 
(3/7) 
Hou.ekeeper 4 hr. plweek. Day and pay TBA 
560.e948 UC Area 
Rellabe La Jollan wlcar, familiar w/U , 
Fuller . Brush merchandise wanted lor 
deliveries. Rels. Reqd. 276-7687/3/11\ 
Ride wanted to west LA or SM Frl. Mar. 4. 
Will pay for gas. Call Ben at 452-8836. If not 
home, leave me.sage. 

fOR SAlE 
'67 VW Cus. Camper: propane stove, sink. 
Icebox, new brt. yellow pi, rblt eng ., more! 
1650/ or ? 279-41 05 eve. (3/2) 

Brand new Bayley suile lop 01 a line used T 
swalioMall & 7'10" pintail very cheap musl 
sell call 45J..9193 (3/7) 
Ski boot s - Lange Phantoms. Size 10'!:!·M 
Brand new. Worth $160 sell lor $80. Call 755-
4259 aft 6 p.m. (3111) 
TV - 9" B I W new , wo rks super 550 I oller skis 
K2 with bind ings make oller Phil 459-0049 
(3 12) 

Stereo componenl. II whole .. l. price •• all 
major b(ands, atl new, guaranleed, cali Tod, 
75S,7548 (3/9) 

For &lIe: On. stud. COOP GO'oI't does nol 
run . Beyond napalr. Avail only for .... 
tertalnmenlon Man nights. 

Surfbollrds n" $75, 6'10" S.5. AMAZE YOUR 
FRIENDS. Call Glenn 453-2851. 

One studenl Coop Gov'l not In running 
condition . Beyond repair available only for 
ent.rtalnment Mon nile. 

Refrigeralor - 16 cubic ft . wllreezer 7 cu. ft . 
5100 or make offer. 453-2958. 

Olympus pe ... ft Sir 'Il frame w/38mm lens' 
case' Zuiko 150 mm lens w/case, both exc. 
condo Bolh $155 452-9879 

a .... 1! 0_11 au .... 11 au_II Fifth row 
ftoor seats 515 or besl offer. Call 452-9823. 
(3/4) 

1973 EI Camino V8 airl power excellent 
condllion 745-3397 aft.r6:30 

Ski bools. Nordica Asl",' Mirrors. Stze 9'12-
W. used one day. Worth 5150, sell for sao. 
Call Damon 453-9370 

1974 Karmann Ghia. Mint Condo MUlt see. 
AM/FM/CASS., Porsche whl rims, many 
extras. Negotiable. 45~0243 . 

au"" - Thin Lizzy tickets e.cellent floor 
seatsS15 or best offer 452-1565 

Texas Insl. SR 16-11 wHh adapler. Has log 
expo memory, sqrt. won't run on batterieS-
only with adapter $25 Stewart Strait 272-0532 
evenings. 

PERSONAls 
BAJA NATURAL HISTORY CRUISE to W. 
coast island and lagoons Mar. 27-Apr. 25325 
conlact F . Rokop X47702254 BB (3/9) 

2 hardly used Ford Plnlo show tires S.O 452-
3311 (3/2) 
Wlloe.er ripped oft a pair of adldas (rom 
EDNA please retum them to EOHA. If lhey 
don't fit-no questions asked (3/2) 

Paula Patralunga--I wanl your goods.--slgned 
Mongo. 

LAR--blackboars get old . hows this? NC, 

There was a young lady named Gene , 
Who covered the triple ' 'G ,. scene 
with pom-pomo and dre~s 
A cheerlAader. no les. 
He' s lhe Queerest Muir studenll've seen! 

We' .. I'a" Marell !,1171 

PM loves Bimbo Ihe lI11mp. 

Chris, Ihe Chump from Challenger, If you 
beal us Saturday no more help Irom me--you 
gel a F Btake's a.st. 

Paul. Challeng8f Chump , IT. says no more 
help In Calculus If you beAt us, Blake's Belt . 

Hubby Coop--HE did, nol piss away all that 
money-you did. I never could lell where all of 
II went yel I could never slop you In any way 
either. You should not have been IrUSled. I 
want a divorce and you couldn'l hope lor 
another 6 monlhs. Six minutetl Is too long 
bul I'm sure this won't be o.er lor al leasl 
another week. (sob, sob) I've Iried wo hard 
and you jusl used me--Itke you do e_yone I 
else. Bye, Wiley Mel.(3/2) 

Kurt Thank. lor a "schnedley" weekend I Love I 
Katie Mae and Llzabelh 

NEW COURSE: History 171 ' SO'oII8I Social : 
Hlstory--I.917-1941 Prof. Edelman~Tu-Th 
2:30-3:50 HL 1205 (3/4) 

Alln Revelle--Due 10 lack of Interest by 
anyone else, the Revelle Fountain has beerl 
claimed by Argo 61h. 

Fuller Brush Service Is now available on : 
campus. Call Phillip at 276-1687 for an .p- . 
poinlment (3/18) 

To the pyromaniacs of R7, hOw aboUl some 
eXQuisite TV dinners jwetl done) this week 
end? Swanson & Stoller. 

Elly MeC, when are you going 10 yisll JCD 
and me at Ihe IT? Make il soon I Salutations, 
BB. 
HAPPY ItRTlIOAY JOOYIJody AHAA I 
Happy Birthday Klddo ! 

Happy B-da~ 10 the trll/'et8 Gertrude, Mary , 
Roo-dont tell lhe res halls thai 3 01 you 
share a room. 

Meteor 450: Glad you appreclaled lhem. If 
you knew who 10 Ihank, 11 wouldn't be fun . 
Go ahead , guesst 

AliCEr Every so often I wonder a lot about 
you. The minus Islovel.ss--Your Red King . 

Girl In the wlndow--You made me smile too-
Just a Passenger. 

Belinda--Your halrls like black bold . Black' 
oily. Bul we 5111110 •• you .. . You lillie wench. 
2 Studs. (3/41 

To Glinda the Good Fairy RB Is the Gerltol 
Capitol of the wortd caution Big 0 and Full 
Moondon·t . 

Saturday, March 5th Scuba (lear - Farmer John wetsult . hood. bel'- We buy and sell line used book • . E. lIbrls Muir Program Board presents Its 2nd REFERENDUM OPEN FORUM Mon . 317 
Noon upper Muir Quad Gov'l Models & 
Issues will be discussed . Find oul about the 
Issues & Ihen yote3/9-10-11 (3/4) 10 AM to 4 PM 

, weighls. knife Brand new-used thrice Call Bookstore. 129 N. Hwy. 101 , Solana Beach 
755-4259 all . 6 (3111 ) • 755-7323. 

11525 Sorrento Valley Rd. 
Honda 350 excellent oond new baltl!l')l and 
tune up 73 22000mI . S.50 or besl oller . Call 
Sieve 755-7269 (2/4) 

Challenger Chumps, you had beller weld 
your doors shul or else?1 Ar. we In Ihe Dark Ages? 

S Sorrento ~all_ey Industrial Park S Sorrento Valley 
Honda 350 xlent cond 73 22000 ml new Gllane, see personal to Sooll , you challenger 

No, we are In the Coop Agesl 
When will they end? 
This quarter when the ASUCSD win. the 
upcoming relerendum. 

DEpARTMENT 

of 
'ECONOMics 

SpRiNG 
OUARTER 

CouRSE 
ANNOUNCEMENT 

l 

I 

During $pring Quarter 
1977 the D.partment 
of Economic. wKI be 
offering 2 lower 
dlvl.lon cour... not 
previously announced. 

ballery , tune up $450 helmet 'gloves . Chump 
come. with It. Steve 75S,7269 (2/~) 
Tires 4 good steel belled radlats 165 $I 13 
less than 9000 mites -- make offer -- Call Dave 
453-8123 
71 Honda CL350 lor sale In exclnt mach 
condo 2 helmets' repair book included. Be.t 
oller overS350. 276-7687 (3111) 

ECONOMic§ 1 B will be repeated Spring 
Quarter. Students currently taking 1 A who did not 
take 1 B in the Fall can complete the Economics 1 
sequence ,.,is Spring by taking both 1 Band 1 C 
simultaneously. Although 1 C normally requires 1 B 
as prerequisite, taking the two courses 
simultaneous(y will be sufficient this time only. 
(1A remains a prerequisite to 1G, however. ) The 
instructor for 1 B will be Professor Ramanathan, 
and the lectures will meet Tuesday and Thursday, 
9 :30 - 10:50 a ,m . 

ECONOMics 4 tA new course entitled 
"Introduction to Management & Accounting", will 
also be offered in the Spring , This course will treat 
the concept of management and its functions, 
with emphasis given to accounting as the basic 
information system of organizations, Topics t,o be 
covered include : marketing, production, finance, 
basic accounting concepts, and the construction 
and analysis of the two fundamental financial 
statements, the Profit-and Loss Statement, and 
the Balance Sheet . 

Economics 4 has become a lower division 
prerequisite for the management science major, 
but it is not a prerequisite for the ecor.lomics 
mOjor 

Beginning next year, Economics 4 will become 
a prerequiste for the upper division accounting 
course, Economics 173, Thus, students intending 
to take 173 in the Spring Quarter of .1978 shou ld 
take Economics 4 this coming quarter. 

Taking Economics 4 does not earn credit 
toward the upper division requirements of either 
the economics or m~nBgement science majors . 

There is some talk of establishing a business 
minor for Third and Fourth College students. 
The outcome of these discussions is uncertain, at 
best. But if the business minor does eventuat'e, 
Economics 4 would almost certainly be a required 
component of such a minor, . 

Economics 4 will be taught this Spring by Ms. 
Ellen Cook and the lectures will meet Tuesday and 
Thursday, 2 :30 - 3 :50 p .m . 

Challenger Chump SCali , If you beal us sal. 
Kevin won'l have anywhere 10 go when you 
can't kick him out. 

Where Is the Assoclaled Students , University 
of California? 
On all campu""s but San Dlegol! 

. Kevin a Chump Irom Challenger, If you beat 
us Sal. , you won' t have anywhere to go when 
scoll kicks you out. 

WHY?? Find out during the upcoming 
reterendum I 

Continued OIl Page' 

STEYE WOlf • Jill RISSlltu£lt 
III COOROIMTIOII KPRI ANIIIIUIICE •• , 

SATURDAY MARCH 5 
SAN DIEGO CIVIC THEATER 

All Stlt ... serv .. ! n.lO\ . , 
Tickets Av.ll.bll It Sa", Dilio Civic Tnflhe ,." ••.. ,,: , ~_ lrd and "8" Str'lts/;if:J:=~I~n'~~'IS~;'~:s.t"nd i 

WOLF & RISSMILLER CONCERTS 
'" ASSOCIATION WITH JOHN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

I'ItE.1IT1 IN 

..~ .... ~ .... ' I. "rw. f. ,_ •• " 

SATURDAY MARCll~ 
uoa'A"A.~ All __ ".,.. "'.-:tIic-,......, 

-~~~ MI_ .l;;'~"tii1iWi,., 
Iiiii__ ...... 

,/ 

• 

Wedaelda" Marell!, 071 

Melese, ussen Lead; 
. . 

V'Baliers Down Riverside 
UCSD's voUeyball team put together a fine perfonnance Friday 

nigit against UC Riverside, handing the visitors their first defeat of 
the season. The win boosted the Tritons league record to 2-2. 

Things didn't start off too weU for UCSD. The Tritons dropped the 
first game, 1~13, mostly because of weak play on their part. 

UCSD got ~ rolling in the second gamp co~ from behind to 
take the game, 16-14. The ga.-ne was marred by questionable of-
ficiating, 

The Tritons had apparenUy won the game, 1~13, and were 
preparing for the third game, when the officials decided to assess a 
penalty on the Tritons for an illegal substitution, They replayed the 
game, starting with the score at 14-14, awarding a point to Riverside 
for the U1egaimove. Riverside proceeded to have the same man serve 
twice, even though there was a sid~t in betweeri his serves. 

Pltil Melese dinks over a VCR player In tlte Tritons Friday night victory. 

Nevertheless, the Tritons won the game as Steve Upp and Richard 
MlUlroe put away some-fine spikes. 

The th.ird game belonged to the Tritons all the way, Phil Melese, in 
usual top fonn, getting good sets from Tracy Rassmussen, tagged 
some excellent spikes, scoring almost rat will. With Rassmussen 
serving, UCSD ran off eight straight points to win the game, 1s-8. 

It took awhile for the Tritons to get on track in the fourth game. 
Down three to nothing they woke up to run off to a 10-5 lead, UCSD 
finally took the game, 1~10 to win the match. 

The Tritons showed what they are really capable of Friday night , 
"We really needed this one", said Coach Ja ncsi , 

The club had previously lost three straight. The baU club plays 
Dominguez HllIs here this Friday night in another league match. 

-DaveCobeD 

It All 
Adds~ 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

University CIty orne. 
3284 Governor DrIve 
San DIego, CA 92122 
. 453-8930 

La Jolla OffIce 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Job, CA 92037 

459-9711 

Page 7 

4th Straight Win 
Women Outshoot Mesa 

Mission Transmission 
& Brakes 

sp c lall zi ng In : For(' tgn 
Domesti c, Automat ic and 
Standard - Also complete by Judy Walton 

Staff Writer 

A decisive victory over Mesa 
College last Monday, :;7-37, ex-
tended the recent winning.streak o( 
UCSD's women's basketball team 
to four straight games. 

After the disappointing Mira 
Costa loss two weeks ago, the 
Tritons made a comeback by 
consecutively defeating Point 
Lorna CoUege (62-34,) Palomar 
College (61~,) Imperial Valley 
College (66--31) and finally, Mesa 
College. 

The Tritons took the lead in the 
first four minutes of Monday's 
game and racked up 12 points 
before Mesa even got on the 
boards_ Both teams looked fairly 
well·matched on offense, though 
Mesa's weak man-to-man defense 
proved itself to be inferior to the 
Triton's zone defense, 

The score at baH time was 34-12, 
a solid lead by the Tritons, The 
pace of the first half was fairly 
slow, but it picked up as the game 
progressed, Mesa CoUege came 
out of half time using a fuD court 
press, which was quite effective a 
nwnber of times, They definitely 
showed evidence of good teamwork 
and . efficient passing . Their 
sportsmanship, however , was 

charlel' 
Qom 7776 ellenl .. ,r ... 1962 San Otogo 'S 
..... .xperioncecl CItIr1O! Co 

EUROPE from '327 
........ ·77 
2.3.~ .5 . 6 10 2( _. dufl""" 10 9 ",1 ... 
No elut>s 10 join. no foes Ind SAY( 10 60'1 
HAWAII from '179 

Also Hew Vork. Chieogo. Orient 
_-.... fIU ...... _, ...... 

dubious, and the nwnber of fouls 
they committed was surprising_ As 
Triton player Cely Bergardo put it, 
"They were really aggressive, 
dirty players. I couldn't believe 
some of the things they did." 

The Tritom: now have a 4 - 3 
record in league play, 

Brake Service 
SPECIAL STUDENT 

PRICES WITH AD AND 
1.0. FROM UCSD 

6131 Miss ion Gorge Rd. -
2 Blocks North of 8 

283-6116 

1096 DISCOUNT 
on any purchase with this coupon ad 

We want you to lry a new dimension 
in soup & salad restaurants. 
We make our own soups and offer 
a choice of four, a thick casserole, 
salad bar, meat sandwiches or quiche. 
For dinner, after 5, we add an entree, 
We also serve beer, wine, and great 
desserts. 
Our prices are low; example: 
soup or sandwich & salad bar .. . $2.59 
Salad bar or sandwich & casserole ... S2.95 

8 A.M. to 10 P.M. Daily 
7610 FAY AVE . LA JOLLA . (714 ) 459·0504 

UC SpRiNG Ski FEST March 26-April 2 
There is New Snow 36" 
Ski Trip guaranteed to Best Sno in the 

Rockies by the UCSD Snow Ski Club 

S167i5 by bus or S24Cf95 by air 
nckets on sal. now at bOI office-.Deadline March 7 

A UCSD Snow Ski Club event 

$gUUJatteg 
~;~~ S"IQ ~,,~Q\) 1q~,. JJ

O ~Q~ ~Sl;' 
\)~ , ~ 

The Mesa Apartments for Undergraduates 
wi II have space for 200 undergraduate 
single students (50 apartments) for the 
summer at a special rate--$180. 
To qualify, you must havel·ived inUniversity 
housing this entire academic year. 
Applications and more !nformation will be 
available in each Resident Dean/Counselor 
Office beginning March 1, 1977 at 9:00 AM. 
Applications must be returned to the 
Residential Apartments Office, 9258 A 
Regents Road, no later than 4:00 PM 
on March 11, 1977. 
For further information, please call Pat 
Michaud at 452-2952. 



•• ,.1 triton tiaae8 . 
. MORE dASsifiEcis 

[c.tblaed tn •• ] 
SF SUpelVllOr: Happy 18th. Let's Celtlbrat .. 
We're legal nowl Love. someone In the 
governor'S manllion . 

lessons ' . Repairs Fourth College 16. "Writing lor Publication" will locUlI on the writing 01 eclence fiction 
Spring quarter. Interested students who have 
completed the writing requirement 01 their 
college should come to ~ Me to get a 
Department Stamp on their Preferred 
Program Card. 

m ,.. y ~"~'~I\\ 
~,.~. "1tJr~r 

509 So. Hwy 101 Encinitas 
753:-1775.~ 

EO_EYf 
WIlT I _ WIll REfaE ••• 7 
'.1 , 

Lean • new, ellcl ..... career tllat pays well and ean be 
used willie 181a .. to coDe.. Mont .. , aftenOOft and 
enma. classes available to fit your IChedale. 

Make a call to chute your life. 
C.II"St~" or "Dennl." Houn 9 a.m. to 10 p.lIl. 

AmeriCan Bartenden School 
1357 • 7th Ave San Diego CA. 92101 
~--~-~--------------~------

- ~ v.ltOl;)UCT'~ . o~~~CET. POW~~ 
wiTh TOMI:AY . 

ANd TIlE . BllJES DUSTE~ 
SAN DiEGO'S OwN KiNG AT TilE BluB 

EVERY FRidAY ANd SUNdAY NiGhT 
OVEREASY PRoduCTioN COMPANY 
4970 VOLTAiRE ST. OCEAN BEACh 

LivE Music NiGhTly 
SAN DiEGO's NEWBT BAR 

222-2146 OR 488-4~~6 

Peregrine H,ng Gliding School oilers a Ires 
flight to UCSO students who phone 22~ 
for mar. 5&6 . 

• SERVICES 
Typing IBM selectric. Theses. term papers • • 
81c. 452-1S88 evenings. (6/6 
Typlng--Marllyn would like to lulllli your 
typing needs : expert , reasonable, has an IBM 
n_.: 27().6728 (3/18) . 
See Amerlca's hottellt rock groups-Led 
Zeppelin and Boston. We'lI try to beIIt any 
price. Gall 453-91 53 (3/7) 
Papers edited I rewrutenIlYj,ed . MA in Eng. & 
expel'. Fee nego. Call Lois 29s.8872, 8-9 AM 
or 8-7 pm . (3/2) 

Ber1<eley grad will tutor French lang. I Eng. 
compo Fee nego. Call Lois 295-8872, 8-9 AM 
or8-7 pm . (3/2) ' 
Sketeboard--Perlormer Klctall w I Bennetts & 
RR IV's almost n_ but must sell, am spastic 
145. Sarah-75!>-5872 (3/2) 
Mosrite Electric guitar exlnt . condo rock-~ 
roll! with ease 250 or oller call 452·9879 aIK 
for Paul M. (3/2) 

lIousiNq 
Needed 2 or 3 people to take over lease 01 
beautilul 2 bedroom 2 bath condo In Del Mer 
1/2 block Irom beach. Completely lumlshed 
with chacuzl , welghtroom, garneroom, 10 
minutes from school call 755-6203(3/2) 
Female own room. bath OM Ghts apt. 
$1201 mo. incl util . no pets, no~smkr, must 
be clean, neal. Abby 755-7005 (3/7) 
Non-smoking, female Grad Stud to share 2 br 
Mesa ApI. Sl05/Mo utll Incl. Avail ~1!>-77 . 
452·8702 
Needed: lem rmmte spg qtr share rm in lurn 2 
bdrm Del Mar apt. across street beach $82.50 
75!>-7781 (3/9) 

Lecture 
Distinguished scientist and 

humanist Rene Dubos, 
Professor Emeritus of the 
Rockefeller University and 
Pulitzer Prize winning author 
[So Human An Animal] will 
open the School of Medicine's 
1977 Biomedical Lecture Series 
with "Creative Adaptations", 

Thursday at 5:00 pm in the 
Mandeville Auditoriwn. The 
lecture is free and open to the 
public. . 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
FOURTH COLLEGE JUDICIAL BOARD 

Presents: 

BAKKB 
IMPLlCA110NS FOR HIGHER EDUCATION 

A Caucasian, who had been denied admission to the medical school at the 
University of California at Davis for two consecutive years, filed a complaint 
against The Regents of the University seeking man~tory, injunctive, and de-
claratory relief to compel the University to admit him. The complaint alleged 
that Bakke was qualified for admission and the sole reason his application 
was rejected was that he was of the' Caucasian race, and the special program 
only admitted racial minorities. Thus, he alleged it was a case of reverse 
discrimination. 
The California Supreme Court held that the program, as administered by the 
Jnivers ity of California, violated the rights guaranteed to nonminority appli-
;ants by the equal protection clause of the United States Constitution because 
It fforded preference on the basis of race to persons who, by the University's 
own standards, were not as qualified for the study of medicine as nonminority 
applicants denied admission. The U.S. Supreme Court has agreed to hear 
the case. 

.. ... '"* • .. * 

PARTICIPANTS: 

C~arles Lawrence, Attorney; Professor of Law, University of San Francisco, 
specializing in Constitutional Law 

Michele Washington, Attorney, L.A. Poverty Law Center; represents National 
Organization for Women; National Black Lawyers' Association. 

Paul Wolmuth , Attorney; Professor of Law, University of San Diego; special-
izing in Constitutional Law and Criminal Law 

.. .. .. .. . .. 

THURSDAY, MARCH 3,1977 
8:00 p.m., Building C, Student Center 

w ....... ' .... rc ... , un 

WIJlte Wilsles • t:l .a.o.~ 
aQd 

• A 
..\). J 

• 0 • 

Ot~er : 0, '), , . , 
MelQorabllla II 

by ~laQ !Jlullell 

Parental discretion is advised for this column. Some IICenea may be 
considered too violent for a younger audience. If any sex is fOOnd, please 
return to Alan Russell in the Triton Times office. 

statistics lie. I refer of course to the Course And ProfelllOl' Evaluations 
(CAPE), not Raquel Welch. 

I' 

Every quarter I find someone handing me a pentU (a rwmber ·two, 
always nwnber two) and a computer card (80uIlesa cardboard) with 
some inane questions on it. Within the even groupinp of lIUle 09a1s I'm 
supposed to indicate what I think oftbe poor sweating prof. 

Around me others check their mid&erm grades; you kno .. , tile Ham-
murabl Code of Laws, an eye for an eye, • tootb for a toadl, and. C minus 
on your Blue Book, boy, you sucker, let me find that IIIII8tiIfactor blank. 

And the questiOll8. Pooh. II tile ..... 11 ... ....... a, pre .... r.r 
1edIft, and queries of the like, don't tum me CII. . 

So forthwith I make my modest p ..... l. Creative questiCJalo-Cl'eltive 
answers. For eumple, take tbia u a sample CAPE ...-uon: .... fnI& 
does y.ar prall ••• reaaIIId,.. .. tI? . 

I, for one, eat fruit every clay. I trust fruit dIGI'8 than aumben, or 
"satisfadory" ovals. Who In tbeir rigI& mind would take a eM fnm a 
kumquat? A MarxIIt doesn't lCare me; • ~megnnate does. A JD8IIIO 
I'd trust, and avocado I mIgbt warm up to, a papaya I'd 1dIs, an orange 
I'd do unnatural thinp witb, and undoubtedly I'd have an affair with a 
grape, wMther or not she was a Revelle Physics professor. 

You see how much fun it could be, CAPE Studenu would get more 
jollies than Freudians in doing their own lIUle analyses. "Hey, maa, you 
can't take a class from Steier. Like, WOW, 40 percent of his eluslikened 
him to a squab." 

"Yeah, well, I heard a solid 30 percent said he was a watermelon." 
"Seeds, turkey, seeds. Nobody likes them friggin' seeds. " . 
"Shove it, you banana. lUke .... " 
And so it goes. 
Another question: Would you let tbII prefeuor ,0 oat with y .... lIter 

, [brother]? Why IIOt? . 
And another: Do you tbJak tbIa prafeslOl'.tm beau .... wife [II.""']? 
The list is endless, the answers we, the students, could give, In-

comparable. I'd love to tackle the question: Wbat do you tIIIU you 
professor does In .... /ber ... re time? It has so many possibilities. Fur-
ther, such an answer, printed in the CAPE compilations, would give a 
much better idea to students of what kind of a professor they could look 
forward to. 

Oh, yeah. One other thing, CAPE. Ya gotta change your name. Course 
And Professor Evaluation just doesn't make it any more with the new 
system. What we've got is the Appropriate Professor Evaluation. You 
know. 

APE. 

~ .. • ... SI 
A BARGAiN AT ANY PRicE 

EspEciAlly 2' CENTS 

.the 
CROSSROADS 

presents 

-ry Irt' 1119:30.1 :30 
_ry thun! , sat 8:30;1 2:30 

• Jazz Jasmine 
345 market street 
" downtown in the gaslamp quarter" 
on the corner of 4 th & market 
233·7856 

plano - butch I.cy 
drulM' _lei ..... rt 
be ... nathan •• t 
horne· hoIlI. gentry III 

Fourth College announces: 

applications 
are beln. souatrt for 
1977-1978 

peer advisors 
P.A .'s live in the Fourth College Residence Halls on 
Matthews Campus and provide services for resident 
students. Remuneration includes credit for single room 
and full board for the academic year. For further details, 
contact Mary Cox or Davis Jones, 452-4681, 701 Mat-
thews Campus . • 

March 1 
March 18 

March 21 

April 4-8 
Aprtl12 
Aprtl21 

Applications available, 701 Me 
Return epplications and five 
evaluation forms by 4 :30 pm to 701 
Me 
Mandatory meeting for all ap-
plicants at 8 :00 pm , 302 Me 
Group Interviews . 
Announcement of 26 candidate. 
Announcement of final selection. 


