
g 
e 
s 

e 
11 
d 
)( 

Ie 
td 
II 
ls 
~-

Iy 
a 
if 
/C-
te 
al 
la 
ed 
s, 
in 
s. 

er 
ay 

Is 
? 

Johnson complies Chancellor McElroy's order that the Bike 
Student Identification cards from its customers . PholO by Bill Brooks 

Dispute . Goes on While 
Bike Shop Sales Boom 

The San Diego City Council's recent interest in UCSD's Bike Shop 
(Triton Times Feb. 11) has increased the number of customers taking 
advantage of their services. "Our daily volume of business is about 60 
percent higher," said Jeff Smith, Business Manager ofthe Bike Shop. "I 
think it probably has done damage to the bike shop owners of San 
Diego." 

San Diego's bike shop owners have registered complaints concerning 
the Bike Shop saying that it was exempt from real or personal property 
tax, thus creating unfair competition for their businesse~. They 
that private citizens and non-students are using the facilities, and 
that the Bike Coop had been designated as a student Operation for 
UCSD students only. ( 

George Murphy, Vice-chancellor of Student Affairs, was the 
proclaimed "villain" who originated the order from the 
office requiring the presentation of a student 1.0. before a person 
be served at the Bike Shop. " I recommend it to the Chancellor as a 
strategic effort to ward off the City Council's intereat in the bUteshop." 
Murphy also noted that " It was an offer I had to make if we were to 
a chance of preserving the Bike Coop, and under no circ:umstances am 
prepared to see that go down the tube." 

A "bargalDlog arrangement" 
In response to the order, Smith said "We'd rather not have it that way, 

of course. But we can't argue with the Chancellor." It was also Smith 
understanding that it would help their case before the City Council, 
calling it a "bargaining arrangement." 

Murphy admitted that "we have no guarantee that this will work" 
adding that "a student bike shop, servicing the needs of students, 
absolutely defensible." However, Murphy termed an operation . 
serves the faculty, staff and other non-students as "very difficult" to 
defend. 

The Bike Shop closed for approximately two hours on the morning 
Feb. 9, when members attended the City Council meeting. " We ulv'u~nl 
it would be really effective," said Smith. No action was made 
issue at the meeting, but Bike Shop members will attend this 
nesday's meeting to present their side of the case. 

Smith viewed the City Council's position as "advisory." "If they 
against us, they'll have to submit a recommendation to the KeI~ents.1 
Even if the City Council does vote to close us, it would probably 
months and months." Smith was optimistic about the situation of 
Bike Coop and declared " I don't think there's any danger of us closing.' 
-Laura Richter 

What 'No I St. V I tine Think 

To Campus Employees 
Blacks Gather, Consider Threats 

by Mark Stadler 
and David Eisen 

As campus blacks gathered 
Friday to discuss threats sent to 
several black employees, Chan-
cellor McElroy released a 
statement saying he is "deeply 
shocked" and that " all threats and 
racist acts will be investigated and 
prosecuted. " 

·A related staff editorial appears 
on page 2. . 

The meetings were held Friday, 
with staff employees gathering at 
noon in Building "e" of the Student 
Center. Two separate gatherings-
at Mesa Apartments and Tioga 
Hall- were held for students. 

The meetings were called in 
response to a series of notes, and at 
least one telephone call, received 
in the past week by black campus 
employees. The threats told the 
employees, in effect, to quit their 
jobs in favor of white employees or 
else, (Triton Times, Feb. H.) 

Neither the campus police or the 
Federal Bureau of Investigaiton-
which was consulted by campus 
authorities under the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964 - has reported any 

. progress on the case. 

Meeting to Inform 
The meetings, according to 

organizers, were held in order to 
inform campus blacks and to 
dispel the effects of any rumors 
prompted by the situation. 

The atmosphere at the Mesa 
Apartments meeting, according to 
organizer Jim Brown, was one of 
"tense hostility." Questions were 
raised about whether UCSD blacks 
"should be prepared," and how 
blacks "should walk around 
campus," Brown said. 

"I told them we should walk 
aware, but not with a clenched 
fist," Brown said. 

Earlier that day, McElroy 
released a statement which read: 

"I am deeply shocked to learn 
that five of our staff employees 
have received, through campus 
mail, anonymous letters of a racist 
and threatening nature. This is an 
intolerable situation, and we are 
doing all in our power, including 
calling in the FBI, to ascertain the 
person or persons responsible. 

" I wish it known, in no uncertain 
terms, that this reprehensible 
activity has no place on this 
campus or anywhere else, and that 
all threats and racist acts in-
volving anyone on the campus will 

be investigated and prosecuted to 
the full extent of campus 
regulations and the law." 

UCSD Equal Opportunity 
Program director William Byrd, 
who organized the Friday af-
ternoon meeting, along with drama 
professor Floyd Gaffney, said, he 
felt that, while McElroy 's 
statement should have come 
earlier, it should help to allay black 
concerns that the University 
doesn't care about their problems. 

KKK Denial 
Although the threatening notes 

were signed " KKK," a local Ku 
Klux Klan organizer has denied 
any responsibility in the matter. 

Thomas Metzger was quoted in 
the San Diego Union, Saturday, as 
saying, "The KKK had nothing to 
do with it, and if we find out who it 
is, we'll take care of it." 

In addition to one threatening 
phone call Thursday afternoon -
which campus.police have refused 
to acknowledge - sources indicate 
a rash of phone "call and hang up" 
incidents in the past several days. 
The relationship of such calls to the 
other threats has been questioned, 
however, because they have been 
received by whites as well as black 
employees . 

Nobel. Laureate Rabi Speaks to ~ientists 
Abbut "COmplex Problems of our SOCiety" 

by Joel C. Don 
Associate News Editor 

Nobel laureate !sidor Isaac Rabi 
came here last Thursday to speak 
to " young people, " the new 
generation of scientists who will 
inherit the complex problems of 
our society. 

But nearly half the audience was 
filled with his " ancient friends: " 
the group of scientists who had 
pioneered the atom and con-
tributed to the great technological 
advances of the last 50 years. 

Perhaps they came to un-
derstand where they had gone 
astray, or, more importantly, what 
the future holds fer the new 
generation of students who will one 
day explore science in the 21:.1 
century. 

Rabi, in a lecture titled, 

"Reflections on Science of the 20th 
Century : Looking Toward the 
21st," warned of the danger of our 
rapidly developing technology and 
the increase in our power to control 
the environment. 

A Technology of 
Enormous Powers 

" We are developing a technology 
and a science which is giving us 
enormous powers," Rabi said, and 
noted that there has been a 
decrease in "social awareness." 

Explaining the history and 

their own hearts, they find that 
they are frightened." 

"This Can't Go On" 
" A small calculation on ·the back 

of an envelope will show that this 
can't go on, a spark has to be made 
somewhere," Rabi exclaimed, and 
likened the situation to the pre-
World War I period. He warned 
that, " it's not what the 21st century 
will bring," adding that, ' the first 
problem is getting there." 

"We are approaching the 21st 
century with these enormous 
powers over nature and, over 
ourselves" Rabi said. 

An energetic man at 78, Rabi, 
emeritus professor 'of Columbia 
University, won the Nobel Prize in 
physics for his research on the 
magn.etic properties of atomic 
nuclel. 

Part of Rabi 's initial funding 

HSingles Match Up": Help for Lonely Hearts 
came from UCSD's Harold Urey, 
~ when both scientists were at 
~ Columbia. Urey offered Rabi half 

~ of a $7,600 research grant, con-
~ side red a large sum of money 
iii during the quiescence of the 

~ Depression. 
byM~Brien 
Staff Writer 

St. Valentine might have said, 
"Say it with a card." Tom Gillette, 
in this electronic age , suggests, 
"Say it on TV." 

" Do you think you have sex 
appeal?" "00 you want to date 
people of other races?" "00 you 
consider yourself radical?" "00 
you have migh morals?" "Are you 
a 'now' woman?" "How can you 
tell when a person is out for love or 
just plain sex?" - A Playboy 
magazine interview? A sex 
therapist speaking with his 
patient? 

No, these are just a few of the 
typical questions asked each night 
at 11 by Gillette, host of "Singles 
Match Up." This innovative TV 
show has been on since the 
beginning of the year, and is doing 
well in the ratings despite com-
petition from the 11 :00 news and 
" Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman." 

Participants are asked questions 

for S-8 minutes by Gillette, and 
interested viewers who would like 
to "match up" can write tt~m a 
letter. Participants can then 
decide whether or not to respond to 
any viewer's mail . 

Introvision, a closed-circuit 
video tape introduction service, 
furnishes the people who appear on 
the show. Educational psychologist 
Ed Eisman, Introvisions owner, 
began the service last March 
because he feels "San Diego is full 
of single people, and it 's hard to 
meet people in our society." 

Singles Match Up is the only 
show of its kind anywhere, Eisman 
said. He added that the 
Introvisions phenomenon is 
"sweeping the country because it 
provides everything that all other 
match-up service do, and more." 
Members of Introvlsion fill out a 
questionaire describing them-

lves, and are then interviewed on 
a closed-clrcult video tape system. 

" Next," Eisman said, "we look 
at the files and find people who 

might be compatible, and show 
their tapes. When an individual 
decides on one, we call him and 
show their tape. If both agree, we 
exchange phone numbers." 

Eisman pointed out that " It 
works. It makes sense." The two 
have initially approved of each 
other's personality and physical 
characteristics. There are no 
"surprises" at the door . . 

Eisman added that his service is 
cheaper than most. Members pay a 
one time only video-taping fee of 
$27.SO. (They can change their tape 
as often a they would like.) 
Monthly membership dues for 
Introvisions are $20.00, though no 
charge is made for appearances on 
Singles Match Up. Those on the 
show do not hsve to be lntrovision 
members although the in-
troduction service arran for the 
hows participants. 
The other single servic tend to 

attract " losers," but Eisman said 
in order to appear on singl s Match 

Continued on page 11 

Dr I idor Isaac Rabi 

reasons ot our current 
technological problems, Rabi said, 
"The result of the second world 
war and the technology that went 
into it is what we are living in 
now.' 

" For some reason war, and, I 
should say, high en rgy phy ics, 
are very conducive to rapid 

cientific and technological 
development," he added. 

Rabi admitted that much of the 
technology has been used to 

alate the current arm race and 
the proliferation of nuclear 
weaponry. He sugg t that u h 
rapid growth in nuclear arms 
n eds immediate controls. 

"We live und r extraordinary 
danger day-to-da ," Rabi a er-
ted. "What I don 't und r tand 
about th people i how they 
proj t th futur through th 
arms ra if, wh n th y I k into 

a Rabi 's interest in the rapidly 
I: developing technology led him to 

be a recipient of the Atoms for 
Peace Award in 1967. AdditionaUy 
he has served as vice-president of 
the United Nations Conference on 
Peaceful Uses of Atomic Energy 
in 1971. 

"New People and Value ' 
" To handle the problem of the 

world as they are now," Rabi said, 
" we will ne d a new s t of citizens 

Continued on pag 12 

Erratum 



UCSuDieao 
Unsigned editorials represent a majority opinion of the Triton Times 
Editorial Board. which is composed 'of Executive editor David Eisen. 
Managing editor Mark Stadler. News editor Alan Russell . Statewide 
editor Atec Nedelman . Production manager Shauna Stokes and Opinion 
editor Ran Anbar . AII.siYlll'd rnall'rial and artwork represent the author's 
opinion and do not necl'ssarily rcflect the views of the Triton Times. 

Employee Threats Raise 
Larger Question 

TIle. fad tMa IOIDe perIOD or creap II tluate.., black UCSD em-
pleyea II .. olltrqe tMt amaet be eoadelllDtClla ........ eaeap terms. 
Moreever, It represeats a problem QJda ~ ., III abelllila just could 
_a bappealiere. 

Baa the problem of overt aad 1liiY racllm ... IIappeaed bere, m tile 
beart 01 aeallenlW; last u It bappeaslD a.taa or the Soutll or just aorth 
of Camp Peadletoa. ADd tile oceureaee niles .... a mlgba be colllidered a 
"larter" quesu. coacenJag the Itptflcuce of the event. 

Wllat does tills me .. ? Wlaaa In 0111' soelety would lead someone to resort 
to .acb tadle.? 

Tbese qu~tlous are Dot OBIy for tile black commuDlty, but for 
everyooe, DO matter tIleir eolor or ethalc or social background aDd tbe 
questioDII caDDot be considered just by tbe eamPIII, but by everyone lD 
society. Because rae lam Is a problem for everyooe, Dot just tbe affected 
people. 

When the threats are viewed in this cootext It no lODger matters 
whether tbey are the work of ODe sick person or one sick group .. What 
matters Is that someoDe decided to act or react lD a racist maDDer. 

What Is also important Is the reaction of tbe rest of the campus. For 
example, Chancellor McElroy did not release a public statement untO 
Friday, even though tbe campus police chief knew about the threatening 
notes Monday and a television station told about tbem Tuesday night. No 
matter how startling the news Is, the Chancellor's reaction, as It 
represents the official administration view, should IIOt have been delayed 
thaUong. 

Nor should other campus organizations delay longer In officially 
reacting to tbe threats. The reactions of groups llte the Academic Senate, 
the Association of Federal, State, County and Muolcipal Employees the 
California State Employees AssoclatioD aDd the Student Cooper~tlve 
Union are Important. Such groups, as they represent important campus 
Interests, should Issue statements which say they care about the problem 
and are willing to help in any way they can. 

Such a show of solldarity with the black community Is important as It 
will show blacks they are not alone in th.1s problem. It to! also important as 
It will let tbe threateners know their action wfll not be accepted In any 
way at all. 

Express Ourselves 
The most important actiOD we can take with regards to the upcoming 

referendum Is to express ourselves. U we don't care for any of the 
propositions on the ballot theD we sboold sobmit aD empty ballot In 
protest. Such an action would be better tban Dot votiDg at all. 

UCSD studeDts must show that they are at least aware of what Is gomg 
OD with student lovernmenl OtIIerwlJe we should have DO reason to 
expect the admlDlatratioD to look at student iDterests, because as far al 
tbey would be concerned m.t of the students bave 110 Interests. 

For our part, we will provide exteDIIlve c8verage regarding tbe 
referendum in bODeS studeDts wfll take tbe time and eHort to study the 
Issues. Wednesday we wlll pubUsb I forum on tbe election proposltloos 
written by their authors. After that we will open up our opinion Rction lor' 
anyone to make tbelr views known. Monday of election week we will 
publlsb tbe ballot for you t o consider before voting. 

This referendum, like otbers, has bad Its problems. We feel It was 
wrong for the Elections Board to accept the StudeDt Cooperative Union's 
Comprehensive Questions PetltloD alter tbe autbors failed to comply with 
tbe regulations set down by the board. 

The board 's split decision bas opce more demonstrated that vocal 
small·lnterest groups are manipulating proceues on this campus. But 
this trend can be remedied by a large turnout for tbe referendum. 

Otherwise the whole deal would be worthless. 

Pre-Enrollment is 
Good Deal 

Hopefully we will never. see the sceue agaba: huddled masses of 
students on the noor lD the main gym, spending maDY early moralng 
hours waiting to sign up for a favorite pbyslcal educatioD clals. 

The rece!'t announcemeDt by tbe PE department that classes will be 
pre-reglstet~ beglnulDl spring quarter was a welcome oue. Howard 
Hunt, the h~ of tbe department, amoog otbers, spent mODtlls looking at 
various prupbsals to keep students In bed aDd asleep the night and 
morning be iore the opeulDg of each quarter. 

We think PE officials made a thoughtful declaloD. 
We never did flpn "s why a student had to walt In line to sign up for 

Advanced "e~ol8, but not AdvaDced Statistics. Hvw, that doesD't matter. 
What dOt's matter Is that .tudents wfll have an excellent chance of 

getting Inw elr top PE class choice. And tbey woo't have to stay up all 
nlghtlodo . 

The Triton T s is published by UCSO .tudents a. an official student newspaper. 
Publication Is on Mondays . WedneSdays end Fridays during Ihe regular school year 
(except on offic,al holidays, Edltor,al and buSiness offices are localed In the Student 
Center at Ihe University 01 California. San Diego. For editorial , calI 452-3466; lor business 
and display adVert,slng . call 452-3468. . 

Letters 10 the editor and OP,nlon columns are welcomed. All submissions must be typed 
and doubl&-spaced on a 74-space line. They Should not exce60 t · t l2 peges ln length. 

Submilled meterlal must bear Ihe name and Sludenlldenlilication number 01 Ihe IlUthor. 
Names can be Withheld 'rom publication on requesl ; however the names w,lI be held on lite 
lor publ iC Inspeclton 

The Triton Times reseNOS the rlghl to edit submissions because 01 space IIml talions or 
style ,eQUlrOmpnlS 

Entire contenls COPYrigh t t 977 tho Tri ton Times . 

Mo_y, Februry 14, 1971 

letters to the Editor 
Fanaticism: Bas~d on Ignorance 

Jahn Lyall's mical (n, Jan. 28) 
was .just another in the long 
seQuence of narrow-minded 
religious fanatics' self-indulgence 
which seems to be sweeping the 
campus and communtiy aUke. 

gene structure," wblch I assume 
we are to take as an argument 
against evOlution through genetic 
mutation, lies side by side with an 

opposition to the natural human 
tendency to investigate one's 
surroundings (yes, that fearful 
monster called "Science") is only 

He criticizes that "so called 
'missing link' and 'ape-men" are 
simply by "pathetical fancily 
concocted out of a few tiny fossil 
fragments of ordinary men, and 
apes, who once lived during the 
recent pre-flood age." To an extent 
this is true. There are hypothetical 
models and were not presented as 
facts by their authors but as 
models of their origins. It was only 
by a rrijsinfonned public that they 
were misconstrued as the almighty 
voice of "science" uttering fact. 

Lyall does not state, however, 
that he muse the same geological 
evidence (or pretends to alluding 
to some evidence of hwnan and 
dinosaur fossils found together) 
plus the "supernatural power" of 
the " Almighty" to support his 
hypothesis, which he presents as 
an undeniable fact. 

The roots of Lyall 's article, and, 
I believe, of the entire movement 
behind him, lie in a childish fear 
and ignorance of the unknown . 
People naturally cling to concise 
and simple explanations, such as 
the Bible, and tend to reject ideas 
of a more vague nature, suct as the 
inherent hypothetical nature of 
science. 

open letter from the CSR 
anxieties over the possiblity of 
novel organisms beinff produced 
through DNA research ." 

an attempt to ignorantly contradict 
one hypotheSis with another, 
though he doesn't seem to think 
that other people have a right to 
use their own reason if it will result 
in them not accepting his pet 
theory. 

His claim that "Genetics -
Chromosome variations can cause 
diversification in species, but 
carmot alter any species' basic 

The grossly insecure idea that 
"God focuses his attention on us " 
whatever or whoever Lyall's idea 
of "God" may be, and his clutching 
of "His book" as absolute fact in HEINZ H EMK EN 

Principle vs ' Political Expediency 
On Monday the seventh, 25 students who had never 

attended a meeting of the Student Cooperative, 
showed up for its nonna~y scheduled meeting. They 
were there to show their support of the Elections 
Board guidelines, to resist the expedient actions of the 
Coordinator of Appointments and Evaluations and to 
demonstrate to the insulated minority who run the 
Cooperative, tha~ students disagree with them both 
on political ideology and procedure.' 

Since there has been very little reporting on bolt 
the referendum and the Cooperative, a little history i~ 
felt to be necessary. The Elections Board consists of 
one ~ep appointed by each College and three re)l5 
apPOinted by those attending the Cooperative's 
meeting. . 

One ~f ~e Coop's reps , Ray Bergevin, resigned at 
the beglnrung of the quarter, submitting his letter of 
reSignation to the Coordinator of Appointments and 
Evaluations, Mark Fingerman. This appointment 
had gone unfullfilled for five weeks because it was the 
feeling of one of the other Coop reps, that the work of 
the Elections Board was cumulative and that no one 
could be expected to catch up on the work done by the 
Board and understand the evolving situation. 

Those students who attended the Coop meetings for 
the next five weeks apparenUy agreed with this line 
of reasoning, .for in that period of time, no interum 
rep was appointed. Because of this resignation the 
Board then consisted of only six members. ' 

During the debate by the Board on the second, the 
Board had voted 3-3 on whether or not to uphold their 
guidelines. Doing this meant not allowing Vic 
Bloomburg's list of 29 questions on the ballot for the 
referendum. 

There is in this letter and in the meeting of the Coop 
Monday night , no quarrel with the content of these 
questions. Any and all questions felt to be pertinent 
by a sufficient number of students and in accordance 
with the guidelines, should be submitted to the 
Students for a voteJhe quarrel is with how these 
questions were forced on to the ballot. 

The Elections Board met last Monday at 4. At that 
meeting Bergevin showed up telling the other 
members that he had been reinstated by Fingerman. 
The Board then took up the issue left from the last 
meeting of whether or not to suspend the guidelines 
and by doing so allow the list of questions on the 
ballot. 

This had to be done because the list did not comply 
with thc guidelines ofthe Board, In that it did not have 
any supporting statements. This was the reason that 
the Board had originally refused to allow the 
questions on the ballot although the author had ac-
cumulated the necessary 250 signatures before the 
first deadllnc set by the Board . B rgevin swung the 
votc to suspend the guidelines. 

The tactics of Fingerman, Bloomburg, and 

Bergevin were questioned by a coalition of students 
who attended the meeting. It was felt that Bergevin 's 
resignation, refused after five weeks by Fingerman, 
was for purely OpportuniStiC and personal political 
expedient reasons. 

If BI.oo"',lburg had any intentions of complying with 
the gwdelines, he had had ample time in wblch to do 
so; the referendum having been set in November for 
the winter quarter, and the guidelines known since 
the end of fall quarter. During this time Bloomburg 
could have written the required accompanying 
statements; he chose not to do so. Instead he chose to 
subvert the Board and to delay the referendum. 

The Board now has only a scant few weeks in" wblch 
to s~t up the mec~isms for the referendum. By 
forCing the. 29 questions on the ballot without any 
accompanymgatements, Bloomburg effectively holds 
up the referendum since the Board will now have to 
wait to let him put these statements on the ballot 
statements that all the,other authors have supplied. ' 

Bloomb~g an~ .company, in their efforts to play 
bureaucratic pobtIcs have effectively subverted the 
political process they profess to comply with to their 
own purposes. Long ago 'they stated that they would 
make ~p the rule~ as they went along, apparently 
neglectmg to add, so long as it suited them. They 
seem to believe that their ideology exempts them 
from the kinds of procedures that the rest of us like to 
consider to be fair play. 

At the Monday night Coop meeting, they resented 
others trying to use the rules they had established for 
their own use . If the Coop is to be a Democratic 
assembly that responds to the will of the majority, 
why then do the people who designed it resent it so 
when the majority trys to make itself heard? 

'!h~ 25 people tried to stand up for fair play and 
pnnclple for all. and yet when the ruling elite that has 
run the Coop so long, felt a challenge to their actions, 
they responded by walking out and trying to break the 
quorum three times. 

Is this the kind of irresponsibility we want? Do we 
wa~t ~o be lead and govt:rned by a group that puts 
their Ideology before responsible government and 
will stop at nothing to keep themselves and 'their 
ideology in power? I for one think not . If you do to, 
please contact me . 

MARK SINDLER 
SIGNING IN SUPPORT 

ANDY SCHNEIDER 
JEFF LEIFER 

GLEN RANKIN 
RAY ARKIN 
GARYSHEV 

BONNIE WESTON 
MARSHA HARRIS 

BENMEDUED 
BRIAN BASHNER 

Monday, February 14, ~1'17 
-Tay - Sachs Disease . 
- Detection Testing to be Offered 

Here's your chance to a~ist a 
worthwhile and meanmgful 
program that affects many people. 
perhaps yourself. 

sta ff at the campus. They are 
looking for volunteers who would 
like to get involved (for just a litUe 
time) to help their office make this 
program a success. 

However, one in 300 non-jews 

In a few months the Tay-Sachs 
Disease Prevention Program will 
offer free carrier detection testing 
for the personnel, students and 

TaySachs Disease is found 
primarily in Jewish infants of 
Eastern European decent. 

M Article Found Misleading 
There are several inaccuracies in your February 9 al1icl~ on Alc~holics 

Anonymous. Jim, the AA member quoted by Mr. ~~try , . ls described as 
" student worker for Alcoholics Anonymous. This creates the ~sleading impression that AA makes use of a gro~p of stud~nt volun-
t ers or interns to " help" its members.-In fact, there IS no speCial class of 
:orkers in AA, and we all pull together to help eacn other stay sober and 
reCOver from alcoholism. " . 

The article further suggests that AA is known as "the Club to ~ts 
members. Clubhouses are seperate entities from AA Clubs are often bwlt 
and maintained by AA members and rent space t~ AA groups for 
meetings, but they are not affiliated. AA cooperates With such ventures 
but doesn't lend its name to them. . 

The article states that AA was started in 1939. Actually it was fonned In 
1935. The book AlcoltoUcl Ano~ymOlll .(sometlmes knoW!' as the " Bid 
Book"), from which the fellowsblp drew Its name! was publlSh~ in 1939. 

I am tickled pink that the Triton Times published an a~lcle on AA. 
Since the paper is primarily aimed at young people, I might add t~t 
there are many young people in AA in San Diego , and a few of us runrung 
around loose at UCSD. I'm 24 and have been sober for over 3 years. 

ADother member of AA 

Attend DSU Awareness Week 
And Clear Up Misconceptio'ns 
An open letter to the UCSD com-
munity: 

I just finished an evening with 
Kojak and almost put a hole in the 
tube . At the end of the show a 
woman is explaining to Kojak why 
she has to go to hotels with men . 
Just then, her husband comes 
rolling in on his electric 
wheelchair . Kojak gets her drift. I 
don't. 

The many stereotypes of the 
c1J.sable<l, one at them IS that as for 
sexual relations : forget it. Your 
wife, husband, lover is going to 
have to go somewhere else for 
some loving. 

Well, besides getting me mad, it 
made me realize why it is 
necessary to present events like a 

Continued on page. 9 

~P<of. to: ~.,t:s . 
LQ. ico '1 o( J.ttt.e .. 
k .... o...,'" o,~ ro.~~y 

.:see VI 06.)(. c+:5 
" T'1~ Sct,oo! Sc.,frr1:( 

-o",~ of .. ; r(y 
. ('o .... ......o"' ,K:-; 

e"W!C'~+.< ~,'~ 
..... .) .. If " ... {-

~ ; ~"'f~C'it) 
fro_ coIl<oe 
c ....... ("-'.1e$, t. 
~~ <-ef Io.c. ia 

k>)" ~(" 
~~( ; ..... ~..,.s 0.5 

Kc. 'V"'-t~1t1 :'­
I.oook-I'"..... 1)(" 
tt.~ /", ;d -4-<:./:.. 

~ ... ~r-. 

Show Some School Spi ri~ LJCSD 
Whe re is the SPIRIT ON THE UCSD campus? Have you been to 

UCSD basketball game this season? ! Grantl;d. it. might not ~ a winn 
team but the lack of interest and school SpIrIt IS clearly eVident at the 
home games which may be a contributing factor. 

If you have ever attended a game at an~the~ college you would 
surely notice the student interest and partiCipatIon shown -
U Dlook bad. 

ca rries this gene trait as well . The 
disease, which is transmitted when 
both parents are affccted with the .:.: 
recessive gene trait can be n ~~~~~~t~thi~ tr~~r can identify lll:: 

t: Th e Triton Times welcomes 
commenlartes from any recognized ;;~ ~~;:~;~o~~~;:~~:7~0~~!~1i;t~ :.~.:.::.I: •. :I.:: 

Suhmis<ions should be 'yped and 
double ·spaced on a 74 ·space line . .:.:. :;;;~;:~:~~::~~ I 
" at-risk" couple is identified a ?: 
complete genetic counseling t: 
session is planned as there are ,:i, 
several alternatives that can be {: 
discussed 'for family planning. A ,:,:, ~:~~~p;iEa~ I 

There are many different 
aspects to this program and we 
invite you to come and find out 
about them on February 15, 
Revelle Cafeteria, 8:00 p.m. A 
presentation will be made and then 
open discussion and job assign-
ments will be handed out. 

Ple"'ie attend this meeting , the { 
future f many children depend :';' 
upon your committment now . Call {: 
Cynthia Sucov, 294-5659, Steve t 
Hartzman. 275-2167, or Sam Lip- ::,:; ~~~a~~;:'975 for additional in- :\l:· 

I 
I 

Appeal J\1ade 
For Complete 
Disarmament 

Ncver before has it been so vital 
and necessar y to stop the arms 
race. The expenditure on ar· 
maments grows with every year 
contributing to ; 1) the dangers of a 
nuclear holocaust, 2) inflation, 3) 
the unprecedented waste of human 
and natura l resources, 4) the 
perpetuation of national 
chauvinism and 5) the severe and 
constant crosion of the living 
standards of people the world o-ver. I 

I 
'\il 

Together the peace majority has 
the power to overcome the olr 
stacles which remain along the 
road towards a world free from 
aggression, exploitation and 
poverty. A significant raIlymg 
point in this struggle for peace IS 
the New Stockholm Appeal. The 
Appeal is an unequivocal call for 
gencra l a no co mplet e di sa r· 
mamcnt. Instcad of dealing with 
abstract issues it addrcsses itself 
to the pressing, day-to-day needs 

an::n:;d~i:lti:: p:::::~ signed l\'\ 
t he First Stockholm Appeal n, 
launched by thlC Wdorl.d pteace H: 

ouncil in 1950. A rca y sIgna ures .. 
to the New Appeal havc been :::: 
collectcd in ovcr half the countries 
of the world . We in the United :::: 

These players give a lot of theJr time for the sc~ool team but are 
belng let down by their fellow students. Approx~te attendance 
game with USIU was 75 - 50 of which were from. their college. . 

School spirit not only stimulates academiC growth but also IS a 

States, th nation with the largest 
arms industry , share a spec ial 
responsibility to circulate the :,:: 
App 'al and spr ad its ideas. To 
help call Stcve at 292-0088. ;:; necessity for social growth. 

C.M.HEAD TEVEN KEIFFER t 

Mission Transmission 
& Brakes 
, p<'l.. l,tlillng in : 

Now 1f©aJJ can serve on 
State wide committies 
Dom(,~li , Automat IC and 
Slandi.ud - Also o01pl t 

Urak rVICe 
SPECIAL STUDENT 

PRICES WITH AD AND 
1.0. FROM UCSD 

b 111 Mt ~~ lon Corlll' R(I 
2 l3Io(ks North of 1·5 

28 H) 116 

Applications are now bemg acc('ptro t 
yours at tudent organi£alion nt r Deadline 
for applt ation Mar h 11 

l or furthf'r tnformation ontd t 

Jel( Mark~,Ann x Dirc(lor 
l 9450 

or Andy chn('ld r, oordi nalOr 
h 4450 

No •• 1", chart!" lor re .. ntlng 
ch.rters to Europe · HawIII · 
Orient . Chicago - Naw York · 
Mosl require 60 day oct.anc. 
bookIng so now's the lime to 
ptan lorsprtng I nd summer. 

Credit card. acc..,ted . • ' . _II , 
III schedul"lCl .irll ....... 

SEIID'S 1011011 CLElRIIICE SILE 
20 10 50 % 

011 
On Man'S and wom.n's ,f~ 
. Denim 'fashlons J>~~. 

SElKO'S FASHION BOUTIQUE ~#' 
2166 Avenlda de I. PI.y. ,. 

LI Jolla. Ca. 92037 ~~ ,0 
459-6t08 ~ 

HUCKELART 

Qungohi' 8, 1 no. 
GALLEltY OF ASIAN AltTS 

AND AltTlFACTS 

~p«I~Ii,in~ in Ori~inal" lIali 011. \\ .Il", Col,,,,. ,>and 
P.lIlltlng.... l": ill. \\ nt ' ~h: ul'. HI .l" ... \\an~. 

BH)n/C \~arc . l .h:4ll\.n\ .H"'·~III.I h'\\dr\ 
( .. un.rit .... III Ori J.t in : '\: ~rJI. I ll d l.l, I h.III,IIHJ. Phlhpf'lnt..:' 

(hln.I. t\.nll.'. •• lnlhm.:',,,. \1 ,\\,1"'1, .unhll\.I1.\ 
I ",h, ... ,\('h t\·u lunn).t : 1 h~11 '"~ I lu",I:'" h "'lIh:~ \11 I\'wd,,'~ 

:!~4ft \ "'IIIU.I I k 1 ;1 PI.t ~\ 
1 II hllla""u,,',", \J 10:1 



Revelle- Sweetisour Pork, Lasaana 
Mlllr-Hamburgers • Hot Dogs, Fried OUcken, Shrimp Newburg Vegetarian Newburg 
IIb&tIIew8-Baked Chicken, Baked Beef Loaf ' 

lOam-2pm - BUe s.Je. Bake sale in four locations simultaneously. Note: this group is not 
a student organization, but a faculty wives group this Is its third amual bake sale. By Muir 
Conunons, Craft Center, Revelle Plaza, and Basic Science Buil4lng. 

11 am-2pm - Death Peu1ty lJdonutioll table by UCSJ>.ACLU. Revelle Plaza. 
12 noon-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OAS)S Blo-CIIem CUIde, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities 

Lilrary (Basement). 
2 pm - Orpidzatloaal meetlq of ISSUES FORUM. Planning m new newspaper for 

UCSD. Come and help establish a responsive, responsible newspaper. East Conference 
Room.Free. 

I 3-i pm - F~le Se~Uty Group: ~ group will focus on Individual Sexual Develop-
ment getting m touch WIth seltUal feelmgs, and how these feeling are communicated to 
others. Lauren Kutm and Julie Kenny Facilitators. Call x3755 to sign up. 412 Matthews 
Campus. 

4 on - UCSD New Poetry Serieli Reading: Anseim Hollo reading his own work. Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 

4-5 pm '- CPO Pop Events Subcommittee meeting. Vice Chancellor Conference Room 
Bldg. B. ' 

4-5 pm - New Poetry Series. Anselm Holla. Revelle Formal Lounge . Free. 
~9 pm - BIrth Control Clinc. Counseling ,-information, and appointments. Rap Session at 7 

pm. All welcome. Student Health. Call 452·2669. 
6:30 pm - UCSD Student Cooperative Union meeting. North Conference Room, Student 

Center. 
7'pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Orgaalzatlon -All are welcome. Argo Hall Student 

OffICes. _ 
7:1~9 pm - Fourth College Program Board meeting. Planning carrying~ut and 

evaluating Fourth College events. All interested students welcome. eo'nference Roo~ 302 
~C. ' 

7:30 pm - Cbess Club Meets, tournament. Revelle Coffee Shop. Free. 
8 pm - Israeli Folk DaDce: Margo will review from 8-9 with dances by request afterwards. 

NOTE: We wUl Monday, Feb. 21. Rec Gym Conference Room. 
8 pm - Israeli Folk DaDce - Carrie will review dances of Dani Dassa from 8-9; dances by 
r equesHhereafter. Rec Gym Conference Room. 

8-10 pm - "Human Assertiveness", a film, lecture, discussion led by Diek Weber a 
psychologist well versed in assertiveness training. Revene North DiniDg Room. Free. ' 

9: 15 pm - Muir Monday Nil(ht Movies- " Brigadoon" . Muir 5 & Dime . Free. 

tUf?SclCll 
Revelle- Baked Fisli, Roast Turkey/dressing/gravy 
Muir- Hamburl?ers & Hot Dogs, Swiss Steak & Casserole, Breaded Perch, Vegi Stew 
Matthews- Braised Prk Chops, Baked Fish 

llam-2pm - Death Penalty Information table by UCSD-ACLU. Revelle Plaza . _ 
.12noon-4pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Bio-Chem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities 

Library (basement ). 
2 pm - Study Skills Class. The Reading and Study Skills Program offers groups designed 

to assist students. who request help with developing effective reading and study skills. Come 
to t~e O~IS offIce., Student Center Complex, Building "B", to sign up for a group. For 
additIOnal mformatlOn about the Reading and Study Skills Program contact Barbara Penn 
at the OASIS office, 452-3760. ' 

3-4 pm Weight Management Group-To help you find ways of modifying your eating habits 
and develop sup~ort systems to help maintain weight reduction. Counseling & 
PsycholOgical ServIces, 412 Matthews Campus. Call x3755 to sign up. Free. 

3-5 pm - Couples Sexuality Group: A group for married and W1married couples to enrich 
and explore sexual commWlication, fa ntasy and enrichment. Dalynn Proffitt and Rob 

~ashman facilitators. Call x3755 to sign up. 412 Matthews Campus. 
~9 pm - Birth Control Clinic . Counseling, information, and appointments . Rap Session at 
Godzilla. love your fuzzl All my love and 
friendsh ip. Me 

G· r·r·r-: Smile! It makes you look so han. 
dsome! A I. my love, G-r-r-r-r-r-r 

Judy: Roses are red violets are blue you·ve 
gOI a nose I ike a 6-52 Dan more 

John·-For you only ... Redeem th is personal 
for one Mart ian Valentine's kiss. Your FOOd 
Friend Vera. 
PORKER. CHARTIE. LYASIA and AltO: Lets 
hijack a florest truck to malle sure they don't 
forget our flowersl Happy Valent ines day 
Iov8. the Ra isin 

To my comerad •• a happy valentines da Debt>e krazzy glier. Cupid's on his way 10 
Chllfl . Robin. CI';"y D. Cindy H .. Kare~ ·SOnnets. you (h.e told me so) Happy Va lentines D~y. 
Morra. Kelly. Jean. Buye . Shannon 'love get Arounder • 

Sanskrit . If you had translated It. it said: 
You're mine and I'm glad! Love . Ihe AUlhor 

Elleer>- Happy Valenlines Day . Can you . 
believe il? -ON 

NO lime. Hope you have Ihe lime to lind all 
10

' 
Teadororl Too much lime 

Dancing Queen. 1000e you more Ihan I can 
express It's hot although summer Is comtng 
closer Blu.~ y~ilow 

Richie· cc , at on all your acceptances but 
don't go tU) away. HVD. your big E. 

LAC. - t) 600 " nice person·· from another 
HVD. EBF • 

GWS- GO:>d Wet Soup is waiting at your 
beckon. HVO · Enu""h nee 00:1""0 

Hoi lowhe ... d and frito HVD - love from 
Hazelnut. bs 

AI. Cyn. r .. . Lain. Pam & SueX2 . you're all 
greell Lo.. . &en 

• To the or .e~1 eXPfe&s 01 Bt3 you make our 
hearts ge thump. and really liven up Ihls 
dump Be our sweelhearts for all time. and 
read slncerlly In Ih,s rhyme trom bhe babes 
of A4 

My God. If. Sanely Stedlngerl 

To all the backs in Hotel California. Happy 
Valenllnes Day from your personal 
masseuse. Karla 

To Plul jChesty Morgan) Watry I Fellln!'s 
cassanovi is wa,t lng at the Trident L,1lI 
Bavaria . Vera 

T.S. This may be a surprise to you . but 
platonic relationships 00 exist . 

Julian· Hope you have an exubllfant valen. 
tine's day Love Kiki and Cindy. 

Happy Valenlines Dav opinion s laff : Steve. 
Denise. Jody . Rich . ERic . and Shau,," for all 
your hel p. RA 

Look out foo ll Happy Valentine's Day Lo,,", 
5.5. 

Cindy- Happy Birthdayl You·re IInally 19 _ 
Don '1 worry about it are you laking a shower 
lonlght? How would you like a alass of COld. 
waler over your head . Don't lorget the Kahlua 
al dinner: Ihe mexican buses. kings. corner. 
yaht.ee. Filet Mignon. cNmpag ne. Jacouzzi . 
foo . trouble . tmrs on Ihe lloor. our balhroom 
lalks . our two hour dinners. Losing my 
contact . Ping Pong. buying a ChriStmas tree. 
Rich Man Poor Man . lecturelng to the flies . 
the seminar room & the lounge, our extenSive 
studying with no Interupllons. and Dan. 
mouth & Parrs ... rlght . right Cindy. does this 
look ok? M . reaily your SIS LB 

lISA .. To my Ilttletwrn sis. Cul&-Cutel WalCh 
out lor the Sleps don't 'all of your shoesll 
Hey·How 'boul driVIng to L.A at 4 a.m. What 
ar those flashing lights behind us? The 
roofs I klngl Leave the light onl! Burglar. 
we're hamel I have a slomach ache. I think. I 
ate too much Don', bite your nails!! Dooll 
lorgel ' Air hockey. Big J. spying. Ihe Pln!c 
Panlher. lhe balcony. c.ramel apples. 
snackin colle. V·G· •. " It's Ihe weekend ". 
" is Ihe light on? Are the curtains clOSedT 
lhe 5 & D,me. If your mind was an echo. 
runmng stairs . lOSing our keg. Ihl~ summer. 
Darlmouth and Pari. If. cool Lov CW 

Continued on page 12 

Il e e 
7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. Cau 4:;2-21189. 

Moud.y, February 14, 1977 

6 pm - ACUJ (American CivU Uberties Union) meeting to ev.luate poliCies and complete 
- projects._All invited to attend. Calfee Hilt. 

6:30-3 pm - UCSD Amate ... RadIo a.b "orbllop. East Conference Room,- ~'tudent 
Center. Free. 

6-7 pm - StulleD&I Active Towardl CeIIIIIIIIIdty Healab weekly meeting. Thla week we will 
be showing the films "White Bird" (at Community Clinic) and "Conunon Heart Disorders" 
All interested are welcome. TLH 104 Third College. . 

7:30 pm - BalbD Folll Due,,: BegiMen 7:30-1:30, intennediate 8:30-9, free dancing 
after9. HSS 2305. 25c students, SOc non-students. 

7:30 pm - "Death aod ~e ~sieD:" ~ reader's Theatre. A Reader's Theatre production 
of the poetry of the Pultlzer Prize Winning poetess Anne Sexton will be presented in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall, room B-2. Free _ ' -

7:30 pm - Sembutr: Foundations for ChrIstian Faith. Confessional Foundations: The 
Lutherans. Filmstrips: "History m the Lutheran Confessions". Unlversity Conununity 
Olurch Lounge, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. Free. . 

7:30 pm - TM Meditator meetiDl: Group meditation, tape by Mahesh. Yogi, discussion, 
and refresrunents. Student Center Gameroom. 

7:30 pm - "Searcb for We OR Man" - A Lecture by Professor James Danelli . AP&M 211 3. 
Free. 

7 :3~9 : 30pm-FI1m. "A Man for All Seasons", H-LI438, Revelle Campus. Free. 
8 pm - BEAH RICHARDS in "A Black Woman Speaks" . Co-sponsored by the Drama 

Department and the Black Cultural Sequence, Miss Richards presents a moving one-
woman show. Mandevllle Aud'itiroum. $1.00 ' 

.8 pm. - Tay-Sac~ Disease. Preve~Uon P1amdng Meeting. Presentation and open 
dISCUSSIon for anyone mterested m working on three campus screening sto be held at the end 
of April. Revelle Cafeteria. ' 

8 pm -In~matlonal Club Speaker Series: Ternot McRenato, Ph.D. candidate in History 
UCSD will lead a panel discussion on "American Foreign Pollcy in Central America'; 
assisted by Hugo Murillo Jimenez, Armando Dubon, and Uiana Rodriquez. All are 
welcome. Refreshments wlll be served. International Center. Free. 

9: 15 pm - Live entertainment with Carey Plco. Come treat your ears to some kick-ass 
guitar playing. Muir 5&Dime. 

wrolle§cl()l 
Revelle-Meat Loaf, Corned Beef 
Muir- Roasted Turkeys, Meatless Chicken, Baked Smoked Ham 
Matthews- Pot Roast of Beef, Baked Lasagna ' 

9-10 ru:n - Motlvatl~nal Workshop-For students who feel very lethargic and unmotivated 
academICally. The alffi of the workshop will be to help the student become more successful 
a!1d more enthused in his or her academic persuits . Revelle Counseling Office. Call x3490 to 
sIgn up. Free. 

llam-2pm - Death Penalty Information table by UCSD-ACLU. Revelle Plaza . . 
12 noon - AMFS 2]5 Film Series. Film: " Fundamentals of Boundary Layers", presented 

by the Department of AMES. 7104 Urey Hall . Free. 
12-4 :30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counse ling, information, and appointments CalI 452-

2669 or drop by. Student Health . . . 
.12noon-4pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Bio-Chem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities 

Llbrary;.lbasemel)tj. '. • . . '. !L .: (~; _. : II 
12 :30-2:30'p~ - Sex Clinic. For students seeking information or coun~eling about human 

sexual functIOning. Meets every Wed. Revelle Counselor's Office, x3490. 
2-3:30.pm -:- Music, Imagery, and E xperience-This group will primarily consist of non-
verballtste1ll~g ().xercises using fO.lk and religious m usic from around the world, and, guided 
fan~asy expenences. Its purpose IS t? introduce ways in which music a nd fantasy can alter 
one s mode ~f functIOning, and IS mtended to be an active exploration of experience. 
Brendan Collins and Wayland Meyrs, facilitators. Call x3755 to sign up. 41 2 Matthews 
Campus. 

4 pm - UCSD New Poetry Series Reading: Philip Levine reading his own work. Revelle 
Forma l Lounge. 

7:30 pm - Death Penalty? Ted Boomer of American Civil Liberties Union and Forrest 
Price of San Diego District Attorney's -office speaking. Question and answer session to 
follow . Sponsored by the UCSD-ACLU and Fourth College Program Board. North Con-
ference Room, Student Center. Free. 

7:30-9 pm - Trident Christian Fellowship meeting. Meets in the Revelle Formal Lounge (behind the cafeteria). 
.1:30-9,:30 pm - Discussion: The Deaab Penalty. Ted Boomer will engage students in s 

dISCUSSIon of the death penalty from ACLY viewpoint - specifically Gary Gilmore case. 
North Conference Room, Student Center. Free. 

8 pm - KKiug UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addison's adaptation of Alfred 
Jarry's. out~a~~us ~rodr - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romantlcal, IdIOtical, hlStoncal travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00. 

~: IS pm - Hoot Nlte - open to all musicians to play. Muir S&Dime. Free. 
10 pm - KKinI UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addison's adaptation m Alfred 

Jarry's . out~a~~us ~rodr - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romantlcaJ, IdIOtical, hIstOrical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. Genetal admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00. 

Revelle- BBQ Chicken, Veal Cutlet 
Muir- Hot Dogs & hamburgers, Roast .Leg of Lamb, SweeVsour Spareribs, 

Cheese/Muchroom Vegi Casserole 
Matthews- Simmered Com Beef, Roast Leg of Pork 

lOam-l~noon - ~ coHee sponsored by the International Newcomers Organization. If you 
a~e new In Am~rJca, have been here for a while and would like to share your experiences 
WIth others, or if you are an American interested in getting to know the uam international 
corrununity, please come. International Center. Free. 

llam-2pm - Death Peqalty.lDformatl •• table by UCSD-ACLU. Revelle Plaza. 
~ I : 3Oarn-l pm - ~be focus of thll Wome.'. Counsellag Group will go beyond consciousness 

ralsmg to deal ~Ith f~\lngs of wom~n in relation to power, politics, se.xuallty, and In-
terpersonal relatIOnshIps. Betty Garcla-Bahne facilitator. Call x3?5S to sign up. 412 Mat-
thews Campt1'l. 

Noon-I pm - Noon Concert featuring the funk and excitement of "CRYSTAL ClEAR". 
Gym Steps. Free. 

.12noon-4pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Cllem ClIatc, walk In tutoring. 410 'Humanities 
LIbrary (basement). 

12-4:30 pm - BIrtII Control CIlDIc. Counseling, infonnatlon, and appointments. Call 452-
2669 or drop by. Student Health. 

3-4 :30 pm - Male sexuality: for men desiring to dlscuss and explore seltU81 problema anci 
concerns. Hugh Pates facilitator. Call x3490 to sign up. Revelle Counselor's Office. 

4 pm - Lecture. " English Radicalism and the American RevolutIon" A lecture by 
Professor Colin Bonwick, University of Keele, . .don, England. Revelle Fonnal Lounge. 
Free. 

6:30-8 pm - UCSD AmatelU' Radio (lab Worbhop. East Conference Room Student 
Center. Free. ' 

6 :~ :~ pm - Forced Sterllbatlon Lecture. Georgiana Torres wlll speak on forced 
sterIlizatIon . Third College Lounge. Free. 

7 pm - WIIv dOll't you believe ID tile eutellce of God? Is it because you are too engroued 

Mo"y, Febnlary It, 1m 

11 -
in your wordly career to seek the presence of our Heavenly Father? H you sincerely attempt 
to reach Christ you will reach Him and what an undescrlbable exstancy the presence of 
Christ is! Come and learn about Christ at the Book of Mormon Institute Class. IDS Club 
meeting. Lil.Ue white house acr~ the street from Tioga Hall. , 

7-9 pm - Fourtb Collele 8tudeat Gov't Cabinet meeting. 302 MC ConferenCe Room. 
7:30 pm - Bible Study: Book of James. University Community Churc~ Lounge, 9595 La 

Jolla Shores Drive. Free. 
7:30 pm - Ba_' Fireside - a short talk will be given on the "Station of Manltlnd" ac-

cording to Baha 'u'llah. To be followed by an informal discussion about the Bahia Faith. The 
Student Center Gameroom Conference Room. 

8 pm - "TIle HobbIt" - discussion group of the Mythopoeic Soiety. Anyone interested in 
rantasy literature is welcome to attend. Blake Conference Center. Free. 

8 pm - Eveaial of M.lc Tbeatre - "Andante Cantibile" (Omaggio a Rossetti) and 
"Cass". Two large-scale music theatre works from England, staged and directed by Roger 
Marsh. CME-408 MC. Free. 

8 pm - KiDg UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addison's adaptation of Alfred 
Jarry's outrageous parody - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romantical, Idiotical, historical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00 

9: 15 pm-midnight - G.me Nlgllt -game~ for everyone to play. Muir 5&Ditne. Free. 
10 pm - KKlag UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addison's adaptation of Alfred 

Jarry's outrageous parody - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romantical, idiotical, historical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00. 

frlclCll 
Revelle- Pork Chow Mein, :rempura Fish 
Mulr- Hamburgers & Hot Dogs, Roast Beef, Chili Rellano Casserole Vegi Chili Relleno 
Matthews- Spanish Beef Steak, Baked Cod Squares 
8 am - 4tb Commuter Board meeting. 302 MC. 
11 am-2pm - Death Penalty information table by UCS~ACLU. Revelle Plaza . 

n Pholo: Bill Brooks 
romantical, idiotical, historical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00. 

Noon - Folkdanclng on tile Plaza. Sponsored by UCSD Folkdance Club and the Revelle 
Community Center. Dances will be taught. Attend with a friend. Revelle Plaza. 

8 pm - Scholorshlp Concert: Duo Piano Concert. Cecil Lytle, Tamas Ungar join forces in 
works by Clemente, 'Brahms, and Bartok. Mandeville Auditorium. General $3.50, Students 

12-4 pm -OASIS Blo-Cbem atnic, walk in tutoring. 410 Hwnanities Library (basement). 
12-4 : 30 pm - Birth Control atnic. Counseling, information and appointments. Call 452-2669 

and senior citizens -$2.00 -
10 pm - KKing lJBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addlsion's adaptation m Alfred 

Jarry's outrageous parody - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romantical, idiotica l, historical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00. 

or drop by Student Health. 
6 pm - Mislmab study group -miDyaa. Conference Room A, Student Center. 
6pm-12 midnight - MeetiDg m the Triton Wargamlng Society: USB 305OA,3030A, 403OB. 
7:3Cl. pm - "Speed Reading" thru higher consciousness you can read faster and better. 

Two free classes by a qualified Instructor. Presented by Alpha Omega Alliance. Muir Bldg. 
2-8 1003. Free. 

Midnight - KKing UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addison's adaptation of 
Alfred Jarry's outrageous parody - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romantical, idiotical, historical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admission $3.50. 

7:30 pm and 9:30 pm - FOm - "Yellow Submarine" - two showings. Mandeville 
Auditorium. Admission $1.50 

Student admission $2.00. 

8 pm - KKlag UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addision's adaptation of Alfred 
Jarry's outrageous parody - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romantical, idiotical, historical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00 Revelle- Beef Strganoff, Grilled Ham Steak Muir- Hamburgers & Hot Dogs, Veal Pannesan, Shepherds Pie, Vegi Casserole 

Matthews- Roast Leg of Lamb, Baked Beef Loaf 9pm-lam - UO!lD'. full DB daDce place, "UBIQUITY" is swinging. Disco dancing - free 
fresh popcorn. Revelle South Dining Hall. Only 5Oc. . 8:30 am - C.tboUc Man. University Community Cburch, comer m La Jolla Shores Drive 

and Torrey Pines. lOpm - KKlng UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addison's adaptation of Alfred 
Jarry's outrageous parody - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romantical, idiotical, historical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admISsion $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00. 

10 am - Suud.y MornJn, Communion Service. Theme: " The Transfiguration of Christ. " 
University Luthern Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

12: 03 pm - Episcopal Eucharist. liniversity-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
S pm - Cathollc Mass. University Community Church, La Jolla Shores Drive and Torrey 

Pines. 
Midnight - KKing UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addison's adaptation of 

Alfred Jarry's outrageous parody - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romanticpl, idiotical, historical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00. 

6 pm - Chinese Dinner in celebration of Chinese New Year, sponsored by Friends of the 
International Center. Demonstration of Chinese Water Color and paper cutting following 
dinner. All proceeds to go to Helen Raitt Scholarship Fund. rnternational Center. Admission 
price $7.50, $6.50 for Friends' members. sCltlJrclc)~ 

Revelle- Yankee Pot Roast , Italian Delight Casserole 
Muir- Roast Leg of Pork, Lasagna, Vegi Lasagna 
Matthews-Hot Pizza, Spaghetti w/meat balls&sauce 

"10 am - Shabbat minyan. Conference Room A, Student Cnet~r. 

6-9 pm - OASIS BiO-chem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities Library (basement). 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge Games. Free - open to everyone. Side Door, Revelle Cafeteria. 
8 pm - KKlng UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addison's adaptation of Alfred 

Jarry's outrageous parody - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romantical, idiotical, historical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00. 

5:30 pm - Catholic Mass. University CommWlity Church, La Jolla Shores Dr. and Torrey 
Pines . 

10 pm - KKlng UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addison 's adaptation of Alfred 
Jarry's outrageous parody - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 
romantical, idiotical, historical travesty. Mandeville Art Gallery. General admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00. 

8 pm - KKlng UBU presented by UCSD Theatre. Michael Addision's adaptation of Alfred 
.larry's outrageous parody - a rude and crude Shakespearean rag. Surrealistical, 

What's 
Up? 

y Dr. ~i 
De.r Doe: Weare .1fO ... of pre-

meds wbo, dariDC our diJmer-time 
discussion over lome spicy cbOi, 
found our bowled,e sadly lack_ 
in the .re. of ancient practIces. It 
seem to u th.t •• trala may go 

ODe way through a tuonel, .nother 
[at a later time] may go through in 
tile opposite direction, therefore 
our curiosIty has been aroused as 
to bow medieval females could 
perform certalp fuDCtions nor-
maUy yet still maIntain virtue 
while stUl wearing a cb.stity belt. 
Thank you, Signed - Future 
Gynecologists. 

It's all done with sleight of hand 
and trick mirrors. 

Dear Doc; I would really \lke to 
let abe "frustrated fresbmaD" and 
any other disUlusloned males koow 
wby I go "after males of the older 
penuaslOll." It Is because tbey go 
"after" me. I don't know bow 
maoy boun I b.ve .pent on this 
campus llstenlng to 1'IY5 talk .bout 
their classes, their roommate 
problems, and their med-school 
appUcatlODl. Maybe It II beeau.1e 
they .re for the flnt time away 
from bome .ud mistake tile female 
Image to f"'nt of them to be their 
mother? I think th.t mOlt 1'IY5 
could bit their prime befOft tbey 
are ZZ If they could take on the 
realtty of the woman ID 'rout of him 
[sic], that sbe.1Io bat ....... tIo. 
and "ridlculOUl" problelDl. I get 
tile happiest feeU... everytlme a 
I'IY .su me wh.t I feel .bout 
something! 

I .m Dot.O IDtere ted in qe as 10 
ju.t. little atteatlou. 

. -. frustrated senior! 

Dear frustrated: Come by the 
Triton Times office some time and 
we will see if we can get someone 
to relieve your frustrations. But we 
warn you, you'll have to wait your 
tum. There is a lot of demand for 
that kind ofthing right now. 

Dear Doc: Is It true that Kenny 
Loggins [formally of Logglos aDd 
Messloa fame] wUl be in CODcert at 
UO!lD early in spring quarter? 

If it isn't, it ought to be. Loggins 
will be here April 15. You can thank 
your friendly neighborhood 
Campus Program Board. 

Dear Doc: Are the blackboards 
In HL 1m aDd HL 1438 desIgned to 
be DOD-read.ble and If so [ai ap-
parently II the case) why were 
they bougbt and why .reD't they 
changed? 

Yes, the blackboards are 
designed to be non-readable, they 
were bought for that purpose and 
are doing such a good job that no 
changes are planned. 

Dear Doc: How do I sUllest to 
my AMES teacher [who seems to 
try) how he mlJht Improve his 
leachIDg? 

The University has a con-
tingency plan for such a cir-
cumstance. The Center for 
Language Studies, working with 
Corrununications Program, has 
developed whereby stud nts may 
deal with such a situation. They 
call it "~oing and talking to your 

prof" and anticipate great results 
once the plan is widely utilized by 
students. 

Dear Doc: Last year, the Third 
College Apartments were delayed 
one quarter before opening. 
Speclflcally, what caused this 
delay, and who wasbeld to blame? 

The delays were caused by 
contractual difficulties with the 
contractors and several delay in 
the delivery of materials. 
According to Campus Architect 
Chuck Powers Acts of God caused 
the delays. So, He was held to 
blame. Again. 

Dear Doc: The word Is golag 
around [where, I don't Imow,l that 
the Revelle matb and science Z 
sequence III just a method of 
sep.rating.out the doctort f",m abe 
nurses and that tile 1 sequence can 
get a potential med student into 
med school as efficiently as the Z 
sequence. Do you agree, aDd wby? 

Although it is true that both 
sequences are equally proficient in 
getting a Rotential med student in 
to that terrifying creature of the 
academe called the Med School, 
the sequences are not designed to 
merely separate the doctor fl "'" 
th nurses. That is done when a 
student first applies to UCSD, with 
the future doctors going to Fourth 
Colleg , and the nurses filling out 
the other . 

Dear Doc : Wh docs it al\\ay 

seem that the provo t offices are 
more devoted to the vested ino 
terests of profes ors and VIPs than 
to their students? 

That is because you are viewing 
the provost offices from a very 
narrow perspective . (Your 
question was " why does it always 
seem ... ," remember?) We suggest 
you stop in some time and talk to 
your college dean, and ask this 
same question. You'll find that th· 
dean 's office does many thin&S 
with students in mind of which yoU' 
aren't aware. If your own dean 
cannot see you, stop by the ever 
accessible offices of Gary Frost, 
the Fourth College Super Dean. By 
the time you get there, the team of 
Holmes and Russell should have 
restored his sanity. 

Dear Doc: Speaking of Bugs 
Bunny, wby doesn't the Cam,.. 
Program Board sponsor a Bugs 
Bunny CartOOD maratllon? 

At the moment the film sul> 
(ommittee of the Board is con-
\.I!mplating radical changes in their 
film programming in an effort to 
better serve the students. It is 
entirely possible that such a 
maraUIUII wuuil.i Ut: "fAII"'U.ed, and 
to ncourage the film sub-
committee '11 send Daffy and 
Tweety over with th l>U~g tion. 

Happ Valentine' Day! 
DR. LJ'ITLEMAN 



...... 

$ITA: HIIpp~ V 
OK? Lowe. ~oo.r illl"llr ..... geeII Iriend . 
' .S.u... ~ 
Rick Sed.......... dIdn't get ,our bod~ lor 
..... how eIIot·t V ..... tln.·. o.y? I 10 .. 
,ou 0your IfZ w 

Rick Rozet I llea'd ~·v. got anolher I'm so 
1Ntou.. PI.... ~ m~ V,"'tl... anyway 
Oiac. 204 In t974S 

• ~ Valellline Teddy that's wIIeI 1(lInda 
... lor kl_ ei>d 10 ... lways caaundra 
Happy V·dlly 

You P.'Ie .... I_11m-. .. I you know wIIo you 
are I you .111 .... your ao bllc/len you ac:t • you 
.e. /we lull _t '~'''' ~ou.l_ not 10 
sloked.l_ k_ your studt up./but whal'. 
IIIe joke1Iyou· .. no •• hll beMltllul./not 10 
small. lmo.' o. you' .. I.t. chUllil~ and.II.lwe 
jus' wan. 10 .ali you./wi laugh ., your 
.trUIS./glt tho ... tlcks out girls. lout ql your 
bulls!! 

Sue IYl)I.1 adore yourl ..... ty. 
n!oe genea. How about trying 
I'm sure we'd have Ilcaptlonal 
PIIalllomTA 

tlito. times' 
v.ra eM,. ..... a Happy V·day. Corn. and 
- III "1"'-'1 Rawlle"," . TIIa E"IIle , Th. Songbird _ 

M.".·a GIrI.Hunny Bunny II eommi". 
lOOn I SII" __ IPPNCllIonI left 'rom lat 
y.r. HVO Fuu , Fern. 

L1.a you _ my I at Valenllne i've .. "Ii .. ', to 
In tha T T Happy Oay I.L, Y Roger 

UE·Sw. to Muir. you c.n·1 get rid of me. V-
Day I.n·t _but my "'-_ I. lonety. 
Sm. Me. The RuasiPor. 

To a a.rl logether Mom- Ihanka lor 
everything Kappy Valantlne's Oay. LlWe L.B. 
.ndC.W. 

P.S, I meant happy l&th but" they check 
your 10. in my heart YOU'" always be. Bretl 
(ba mine) Luv. Oz 

Alec·.'1 You',. .tWI cUI •. Sorry aboul your 
N.Y. Rea. Try again next V-. taka care and 
Ihank.SN 

Prinoeaa Prune. danel .. looi; a prlncee' lIMn 
gro_olyou. 

ONr Kalhy thanks 10 much lor your help and 
c.are trom he who USED to .t.re al chair. 

Cheryl-Bishops amlshap.'et·s do It again, 

Valls my Valentinel 

HIIy ~ after all lhi. time lI1Iybe you ... 
~ drlam coone .rue your little girt willi .1Ia 
blg brOWIi oyaa Happy VaI'entl ..... 0. 

pete. stu. scolty g: you '-Iy 
lite. tllano lor baing auch 
kim 

Good V"entine's crazleel Casl·Andra. 2 
Leslles· 1 G~ I Clluck t L1sha 1 Caren 1/2 
Kim H. Luv Viv 

Hay skublnna boy you' ... a_I. + I Wuv 
you e .... if you can·llnlurl •• e me love Kalhy 
wllhaK 

Upper right 
becl<y 

Zoebra: all my llaart '0 t 
ever love. Eug 

Goobie: all my heart 10 the only !WIII 
ever love. Eug 

Grouchy : All my heart 10 tile OIJIY worn f\ I 
will ever love. EUG 

Clairol : all my '-' 10 ,he .. ." .. oman I will 
ever love. EUG 

To the Suite of Sweetl" In ~45. we love 
PaHnsk for her graceful fall. and her 
roommate . Irene, who wOfries us aU. We love 
the Germans for Ihalr _nge dialect and 
lheir humorQus antlea 1ft • long duet. KCP 
and Chris exclle and encIIInt u. wllh Ihelr 
far·away look. and 1II,.1lt1ed glance. We 
loved Ihe evenillD _Ie by lhe sea and Ihe 
night of slockings I 1M YJlllh glee. We 
wanl 10 share with you again moments of 
happiness as a group of friends . From lhe 
buddies upslairs Believe it! 

Puppy Brown Eye • . II's fun to cuddle you. 
Luv. Green Cal's Eyes . Alias Bird who 
swallowed the canary 

n Slaf : your cool , Bee gud and melo on 
Valinlins dey . Your luving copl editer· Su 
Kreelin 

Dan·oII Dan what can I say? 11'. so hard to be 
so close 10 you and yet so far. Tell me you'lI 
be my Valentine or f'II die. Signed . Awaiting 
Anxiously 

My .weel friend Amy P.·Happy Valentines 
Day! X().Perronafish 

To-Todd . Glen. Craig. Ron. Mike. Hiram. 
Steve, Aaron and Rick-Happy Valentine'. 
Day·Love your "Suile" si.ters. 

To some namefes. beauties of UCS().we 
hope . you have a hal Vatenl ine. day-all 
American. Blue Boy . Mousie brolhers, bull 
shitler. Mr. Cool . Dancer. Green eyes. 
Lumberjack , Mr. Mustache. M,I.T.. Blonde 
Pendallon . The Mad Screamer. Stuck.up 
Blonde and friend . U.C.L.A . • and Ihe Little 
Wonder. 

Happy ValentlMS Day 10 my sweeties of 
challenger 300 E1n why?, fellow Libra 
Cel ina, Mary-un . ~alhy L.B.D .• oh cryslal!. 
blind Joan. Co .. ''JI'rl YveUe. Flsly Marylou . 
Catheryn . unde .. anding Eric. Klssher BII~ 
XOJ .P. 

Car-I ... th&-gar~e thank you for all IIIe greal 
times that we I _ lied I hooe _ lemaln 
friend • . 

Bunny Rabb'l vlt a Ihyroid problem your 
Iambic pantamEle has been mixed up with 
your runn ing. 

Cathy G. The snil~ thai you send oul relurn. 
10 you. 

.n.u Htlgen. 1lt,.- 'flilrr5 mOAlhs 10 THE BIG 
" Valenline·. Day I" I love you l ! Your fiance 

M-ral: 'here are /; sheep In wash. Too! our 3rd 
Vday. a couple more and we get us alway.! • 
Rat too 

HilarlS-1 fove you. ya li llie pl.s art ist Happy 
Valentine. Day Dr P 

To all the girls In Argo 52()'525 please be my 
valenti ... ha ... a nice day love TNT 

my skin 
know how 

_lIt.lliUstlove you for 
day. Love 

..... ".", • ." ... .., Love always Lady 

........ •• d Ihat you're a fantastic 

........... JOU can dive In my skin 
IIIWfIntt HIIIIIIr lID 

CItItIIW- TIIIa Ie'edeemable for 1 sloppy kiss. 
..a.... .... 

An f __ 1 of Cabrillo : I'm watching you. 
Happyv.tenllne's Day. your bed buddy. 

BeourV ..... ,ne PeterW. E&D 

LKDJ . wybalbv jeqms m 
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo IT 

Suzanne Je YOUS vQudrais a etre man 
Valentine HAD 

To 1801 & 1920 COBSI girls will you be my 
Valentine. 1419 Coasl 

Lkdi . wubmlbv teqmsm XOXQXQXOOOXOXXU; 
TT 

For Vic and blood don 'ltry anything you may 
gel indigestion with Love. Lar 

Dear Nodrahs: You're so ALARMING! Happy 
VD Day XXXOO you lillie Emacs! Off.lhe-
wall Hall 

RJM : Trusl the dreams, for In them is hidden 
Ihe gale to eternity. Love. your brow".eyed 
lady of the lake. 

MEG. I slill owe the TT. Happy Valentines 
Day. ON 

lolA TT·Lots of good times Ihis time. yes? 
HVD Love. Les . 

Frank M-Happy Valentine's Day. LeI's slUdy 
lhe Cv rolatlons of KSOT's records Ihis wee!< 
OK? . 

J&K thanks for Ihe nOles. You always make 
each day a Valentines. Gy from 255 

lillIe Nane&-You're greal, don'l leI me get 
. bOring . Thanks 4 everylhing. HVD Lve Les 
Cath·Touchy· F y but: I've uSed that shoulder 
a lot. Mercl beaucoup. Tu es une amle 
merveilleux . HVD 

Mimi , thanks for being such a budy! Happy 
Valentines Day love, A~ 

Andy. my adorablenes. Happy Valenlines 
Dey I love you ! Love Amy PS Ihere Is one 
more lOok haro , Iclllk I 

Frankly .peaklng Frank. I love you. Ihank you 
for all the sunShiny days love Irom your lady , 

GaI~ Tllara a .. II ..... when _ go welkl .. on 
beecM.. Itroillng 'hnIugh III. zoo. Ind I 
know I ...... or you , lIut If. ilia oIher tim .. 
.... n you don'I know I'm w8Iching you IIIIt 
you gel weryttllng I ..... 10 gM. And II'. 
then I know I ... t how much I ca ... Low. Alae 

Meir , you are my lifelong sweelhearl Sharon 

To Peler Ellis Latham (Iellhere be no mlslake 
who this Is for I) I would luSI after your body 
II it w~sn ' l SO bashed up • Inyw..,. Happy 
Valentlne's 10 lhe love 01 my Ille. PS watch 
out for IhOse buses and for lIylng feet Wllh 
love from Miss America (of coursel) 

To: Robbie. Dan. Don . Mark . Randy and 
. Evan-Baby· You're our boys 4·ever. Love ya 
Pam & Tam 

To the Bimbo In Soc IB Sec 14 (In AtlantlsjI 
love the way you flick your hair! Have a good 
one ? . 

The Wandering Minstrel will sing a love song 
to any fair malden on Valentl 'les Day ask for 
Evans 469·0381 

I found It too! The inner peace of a hartz 90 
day flea collar 

Tal powle - aswmypfshes mslpelefsadsumys 
bmypfsiggmolinusoeszmShjacllmmnspmxe . 
· 111 

Nakiko. with a light and gay heart. enjoy this 
year. you have loIs 10 look forward 10. Love. 
Gracy 

Anne · Happy V·day. I'm glad you're back. 
Mol 

Gary,wllen we talked about blg'hearted 
people we forgot one-you. Slay beautifu I 

Ah. Sandy. I love It when you run your hands 
up and down my sleeves. Warmly and soflly 
yours . Fred. 

MaryMS-1l you can' l be with lhe one you love. 
love Ihe one you're with . Happy Valentines 
Day. David 

Marlha I Slill like you even lho you haven'l 
answered any of my letler • . Me 

Craig Jone.: hope a lillie boy like you has a 
nice day· remember· little girl. have It all . 

Garbage Babies: We love you and your room. 
Clean up your act. Love you always and 
always. US 

Hey Gittleman: Yes. you! Let's go oul & get 
drunk·Have a happy Valenline's day· P and T 

G-,.,+r: Smile! II makes you look so han. 
dsome! • All my love; G-r· r-r-r·r 

Cella- I did It again .. Happy Valentines Day . • 
The calculus Kid . 

Gary·when we lalked aboul big-hearted 
people we forgot on&-you. Stay Beautiful 

M ~ Nicky J~con tus nalgas tan perky. lu eres 
ml querido. Be my Valentine hoy y siempre. 
TuGBO 

You're great. I'll do anylhing for you . even 
dye my hair red. Remain tough! Token S. 

To lhe ex 4th guy walchers you 41h College 
Kennel Club License i. about to expire renew 
please I 

Laura' Jude·HVD Irom your olher roommale 
I may nol be neal . butI'm .incere. 

Jell J uds ALWAYS II 

BABE· You're hoI Italian touch makes my 
Scandinavian blood flow like never before, 
Than • . Chester. 

Uncle Remu. & Piglet The first Saturday 01 
every month-I rs a dille, Thanks · Ihe Sandy 
Lane Tot. 

Barb Happy Valenllne. Day you'lI always be 
special lome Drul 

Uncle Dou~l .. Isn't Valenllna'S Day as good 
as any for a concert? Our Dream House I. 
yours .. 

Margot have a super Valentines Day I will 
always be a parI of It Love Roger 

JOM Happy Valentine. Day 10 Downing thl. 
week a proml.e Love Roger 

To 05 JM. TJ . RD (and Jay) To the beSl rie • . 
Love alway. ·C. 

Cheryl. will you be my Vllentine? Tim 

Rabbit I hope lhal our relathlnship .'ways 
Improwes as much as It has since I luI asked 
you to De by Valentine, CGL TS 

Dan. my Valentine. gill 10 you is one nice. 
long. sensous. voluptuous backrub. Good 
anytime, Chrl. 

Swedee ..... ,heert I love you muchly. Hope I 
can make you as happy as you·v. made me In 
the months to come Happy Valentine'. Day . 
Love , your sidekick 

men ma,ry women for their 
I'm your son for your heart and 
love. J .T. 

Jane. Jeanell.. Kalhy . 
Pam. and Peggy: I love you 

Meleor: Roses are red . violets are blue; 
you're all great and this doesn'l myme. 450 
Lit. Major 

Dear Pam. you 'd be a lovely valentine for 
anyone. Please be mine! (I'll go for a Jewish 
Valentine) . 
Jane. How's your snorkel museum? Have a 
wondertully happy valenline's dayl Ton a ml ( 
pas volre ami) . 

May the IIltie wambits be always born 9 
monlhs from Valentines day. Have fun . Oh 
Omnipotent Wambal CW 

Lee , Happy Valentines. may dlNlr sweet 
physic. and malh tulor. My life would be 
tutllewithout you . CW 

EM . You've done so much for me. won' t you 
be my Valentine? NR 

Herr Grunewald· Wilh thaI limitless Lemming 
love· Happy VDay and BOay 

Don '1 shoot m·bass . OG 

Don'l shool me In the organ. I'm only Ihe 
piano. SP 

Don'l shool me. GAG 

Don't shoal me. I'm only the piano player. EJ 

Happy Valentine's Day Vivian . Leslye, Joan. 
Chuck. Kim . GAry . and all of the gang and 
Richard Love ya KC 

Bazuka·on your birthday we want to warn you 
of grabby chipmunks and phaser guns. and 
hope you always have a warm chair to sleep 
in. J .C. Penney and A&M Records. 

Dad· Happy Valentine's Day! Love Lillie 
Cindy 

Argo Gang·Steve . KC. Howard· wanted 10 lefl 
you I think of you loIs! Happy dayl Love you 
always . CF from BH 

Hey Valenline B'day boyl Happy 22nd. 
remember 10 stay my funny Valentine, II's 
been a greal yrl Loye. OZ 

Jullel and Uz . Happy Valentines Day you 
guys ! Thanks for the prayers. you 're greall 
Anne 

banana . zorro. lean. katy·dldn·1, peggorl and 
poo: whal would i do without you? you are 
the best pals I could ever ask for happy 
valentlne's dayl · kimberlee 

Suzy! Karen! Leah! Wanled yOU 10 know that 
I th i nk you're lhe 3 best roomies ever, Have a 
good one! 

Frnaoa. WHAT IF ... you had your own Happy 
Valentine's Personal? Tankx for caring . 
Friend . Cath . 

Julie Blue eyes · you ar.,he lady I've wanted 
10 find at Ihe top of every atalr I've ever 

.climbed. Happy Valentlne's Day . Love. C,K, 

Dear 520-525 sweeties I love you all , Thanx 
for giving me your all . Meel me in Ihe Husller 
all0. Momma 

To Dav ... my dear clarllng executive editor: I 
Love You!!! Please be my Valentine- Love 
CE. PSlluvu 

My beautiful baby bunting . Je falme. your 
Daddy B. . 

We onee knew a guy named Trans Amlwho 
Irled bul he Couldn't oh damlil's rUily 
scr_lwhen Ihe girl. Ire ." PrudeS/l .. t 
resorl . was the local Madame. Love and 
kisses your groupie. 

car . Ihings ileep on gelling beller all Ih. 
lime Roses are red. vIOlets •• blue Ihe only 
one I lov. Is you , Talle ..... I'll see you In 
I.rael. All my love fO_r Rog. Happy heart 
day. love and kisses 

To Ihe girl. on 41h floor Tlog.'. Come by 
anYtime. The Camlnilo Kids 

Cheryl Nancy Jackie Lori' Calhy thanks lor 
everything Pelo Spade baby Bill nasly EdWin 
bltchen F rank Little Smlny 

Lover. You are so Chic!!! But I Love You 
8Ilywayl Stay Mine Primo 

Duncan whyanl Fo.ter. enjoy Valentines day. 
I know your true purpoaeln life. Luv. Chris 

Cynlhia B and L·G al Muir apls. Happy V·day 
from yours truly Ed. 

mark you n g : I ' Illoveyou forever . I hanx 
for al wa y sbel ng t hei revenon I hecll f f.! 
thelcecreamlover 

lod -
d : yc · 
mltoolbull ·mnot· 
com· 
plalning you · relhebll· 
chenmost! happyvalent ine' sdaywlthlove." 

Suite 405-410 Argo from the bollom of my 
heart lot's of blood and love happy va/e". 
line's Luv J .R. 

Chris Coad Keep up the cheer Happy 
Va lentlne's Day . Love Jennifer 

Michael , If only you believe like I believe 
we'd get by . Happy Valentines dayl L"'; 
Jenniler 

Lore. From Ihe shores 01 Hawaii to lhe 
Colorado River I send my love. Happy Val. 
J.R. 

I Mark Jeff David & Howard , May RabOlt tiring 
. you a happy Valentines day. Luv Jennifer 

Paul- Ihanks for the escort service 10 Drama 
maybe nexl time I'll be more friendly about 
your tea LB 

BARBARA. Parparl . will you be my Valen· 
tine. even if only for a .hort while? Love. 101 

Little Mod·be my Valentine todlly and always 
but lets make babies lonil&-Capt 

B.T.B.-keep your eyes skyward & remember 
that we'lI always love you , Thank. daddy. 
Your lillie girl 

Kenny C. Here'. 10 a good but.omewhal Odd 
relationshIp. Happy V·day. Mr. Z. 

Clairol : to TH 

To lhe bounding Bummerkeh: oy shaneh 
maleleh . you've got the cutest Pooplk. You 
want I Should kiss It? 

PW (alias Tige) . the best think Ihal ever 
happened to me was to reljindle the old flame 
with you. PW2 

Just cruzin' : The guy I look al lhal look. at 
me. Please say more lhan hi how ya doln' I'd 
like to get to .... ,y know ya. 

Marcl ... Happy Birthday, congradl You can 
quit screaming now "Till a land.llde brings 
me down" LB , CW 

Happy Valentinea dIIy to all of my 
houaemetes! Mlchen •• Oebbl Ellen & Trlcle. 
keep thoae boya gueulngl Love B.H. 

Hart midnight phone cail. don't bolher me 
but I p .. fer vllliors Ihat I can .... Let's ba 
lIalentines. 75~9116 

To the peopf. In R4-thanks lor letting me live 
with you. love II • lot I You' .. all belUtlfuU 
The new 1 

232 11th-Thank.1 Rugg .... ·Happy Valentin .. 
your Nooky 

Moo .... wlth much 10.. happy V.,entl ..... 
Mud puppi .. , stud.' n' buda H Valentines 

Hips. Evol reveroI t,..11 ym _n IIlw uoy 
dna enlthetav ym aB ybbA 

E·an! oII.v otac:hl 

WhOI ... ·1I mI.s you Happy Valentinea 

From on. CM to another with lOve H ... •• 
your .. ry own I H_ a good one C.in 

To Klkl . Anne.nd Marct. you guys- naally 
"Suit." V.lenlf ... • • . Happy VaI..,.I ... •• Dltyl 
LoveLB' CW 

Mo-', r....,.l4, 1m ....... I •• IIII'S 
Patrick. L.I'. be c_II ... Live. Cethy "Beeeebe" my Valentina lIysm Span-I really miss you, When can we make 

up for losl time? UCCA I. at leasl cloeerl 
Lu • . K 

Sullies 34().45 and _ryan •• Iae (you know 
who you ar.) you',. all the greateat happy 
V().love. Lisa 

To Uncle W~I-WEEZI I. still aUve and 
alway. wil l bel! ! n ·ere·, going 10 be no 
barbeCue and no ~urial!! LOVE. Aunt 
Wezatha and lola Weezalha Help bump 011 muacula, dy.trophy :M·hr dance marathan M • . 4-S _ EAB ofllce for 

more Inlo (above EONA) 
Jelly. thOre·1I alw..,s ba •• peelet pi_In my 
hearl for you . • happy I Love Alway'. 
-Mom" 

To Maureen and Su.: flowe .. IIaYI petal • • ' 
Irees have berte . do you remember the La....., 
Larks? 

MS LadegoleQ. may IIIe cupid olllWe lhool 
an arrow just lor you (and yon?) on thl. dIIy 
of hearts. CBM 

Cecilia. Thonka for _'ng all tho.. long 
lonely night • . Love Alw.ys . Or. Ben Grlllln 

To the woman wllh the golden gates·happy 
valentines day' from tired bul very. very h.ppy 

Liz. Its nice to be SO close. Be 'my valentine. 
won't you? RIK 

Mall<.hava • auper ,"entlne·. day . II 
probebly wilt be II you don't .pill any milk on 
your hot doga and II you stop drinkIng that 
wild turteay whiaky. Mayba .oon 1'1 t be 
playing football with Bart starr· how bout It? 
By the way·can I borrow a dim. I'm no punk I 
Caplch'? Do you haVe any more storlee? LB 

peggy·Happy V·dlly, kid, •• you Ihought I'd 
forgel. Have a happy and I'll see you later. 
(me again) 

GBO GBO. you make me SO happy . Be my 
Valentine. Love. Nicholas 

Jenny·do lhey make pumplcln lIavored 
doughnuts? If SO I'll lake 16 Ions I I love you-
S.B, 

Bob F. you're lookin' good on the court and 
off! Keep it up! an ardent edmlrer 

Robin challenger yol· will you be my 
.. Ienline? An admirer from up close. 

Lee. thank you tor being such a great friend, 
you maan a 10110 me. Love you always. Kerry 

W.B.Y.: Ma sheri amour, lu m·emoustille . Je 
veu. que ce jour valentine sera Ie plus bon de 

rna belle. jane peu. pes 
fIIIolr. Je lu donne mon 

B.E. 

Don't be too hard on us on the nexl mldlerm 
Professor Clarl<. We just love chemistry . 
Happy Valentine's Day! 

To Susle·O. KC. Ellie. Dianne. TJ. Ro.emary. 
Ivy. Terri and . occasionally . Rose: you are 
lhe sweetesl suile many Ihank. and mucl1 
love. your mldnlghl rambler 

Marshall· you are hot slulf! Let. do some 
Inlegrals! Happy Vel en tines Day! A. 

KurtiS . we love yo' bodl We's ... achln· .or yal 
Abbot and Acostello 

To one who can't curl hIs tongue-I love you 
anyway. Happy Valenllnes Dey . From the 
agile one. 

• .. LAS' •• They say Ihat any door i. the way 
to all of that energy .. . Love and clam sauce. 
NickOlson 

Jon. what con I say? Have a great V-clay . 
lurkey wllh the whopper I Love you, J , 

J'm, Happy Valentine Day to the'llest RA and 
friend eYerl Love ya . Ihe toolh Ialry 

Gary . you a .. good stuff and you crack me up 
Happy Valentines Day I LIW.. Incompa 
Chick!! 

Bryan Landgrall . Happy Valentines Dayl 
Love. your secret admirerl J . the Jerk I 

Rag. Happy Valentine Day! Your BB forever 

Peggy and mom-happy valentines day love 
Irom your sons and e.peclally tile DynamiC 
Ouo 

Dear Rob. I love you thankx for making my 
dream-guy come Irue. Happy V'.dayl Love 
and Kisses. Janet 

Jeanie. will you be my sweet blboo? How 
about my v.lentine?1 tove you, Jay 

Beckie all my 10 .. and a special hello Irom 
San Diego. Scali 

My NFt. wish you _e here . Your own NWP 

Billy Buns. Love II a red rallblt from the Isle 
of PuDe. K.thy 

Sweet Kitty . what eYer tlla circum,. I love you 
with all my heart as no on. ever blfor • . HAP. 
VA , florMAT 
JEANETTE· Thanks for being youraelf . 'fou 
are really all right Happy Valentine . ... Love 
Lyle 

To M.C. on V.D.· A 101 dlllerent than lest 
year .. but I stlU love you .,.. hick 

lIalhy· You can rummage around In my attic 
anytime. I love you 

Dr Schultz gi ... ,he ••• last phy.,c. lectura, 
everl Her •• to you- ·Meg ... liclletd 

Ea.'· you .. my ultimlt. In my Idea 01 a 
man. SexY. Sexy. Sexy -<>-

Happy V ... nlln.. o.y Sandy and N IOcr. 
Love Paul (McCartney) Ikwl you both 

Carry on my wayward·waywardl Anne Se.ton' Co. Happy VD and good luck 
Tues nightl See Deb, you su,.ived! Love. 
Lisa 

J .C.G. Let's make IhlJ • special Valentin.'. 
Day. Lots of Love. J.L.R. 

KB . JL. OF Sullah Bilby Sullah. Until II 
Hurta I! II Tile SM Man Primo 

Linda. Happlnes. Is knOWing you love me. I 
love you . David 

Mell. Jeff. Jim. 51 .... Richard . Grant . 
Roger. Bill . Ken and DIanne-told you we'd 
get in the TT! Cheersl 

A· 
Mour 
I 
'fhank 
You ERiC 

Happy Valentlne's Day and Loy. and Kisses 
where you want tllem 10 all my temlnine 
Iriends·Dr. LIUlf!JYIan 

Ah. Shaun. IIIe sh.devll : possibly the 
sweetest person In Ihe world. Love , Mark. 
Alan and Alec 

To Linda why do you always cr .. p Inlo my 
dreams? A film critic 

Lucky LorI. HVD to a friend and a love, By the 
way. U .tlil owe me dinner. Love. Me PS 
Dessert 10. 

Maggie Dear .. Herds 01 molhs and hearts and 
much love always lrom Waldo. Doris. Air 
Bear. Fluvla. and me 

J. Fartley there's been a cancelation and I can 
III you in Feb. 14 , 1980 maybe by then we can 
be Valentines ·your Irlend 

Diane Tewsley .. DOf1'1 ever be blue .. Tara and 
John and ~·all love you! Your next door 
nelgllbo!? Vera. 

Lillie Heiler. Brand'n time is here. Happy VD 
atlhe Big 0 ranch Gel 'lm up move 'em OUI 

lillie Tribble. Love the way you purr. Stay 
warm and cuddly. Happy Valentines. 
MACHO 

Amonaly . I love you and your lunacy. Irs 
been an awakening year .Ince you lit the 
candle. Cowgirl 

Godzilla. love your tUlZ! AU my love and 
Irlendshlp. Me 

Jim Whll ... you know my heart beats for you . 
Usually alter I finish runnlnglll 

Gayle : Copernicus was wl.OI\g. you a .. II l1Ie 
cenler of my universe I I'm a historian nol a 
poet . Love Tom 

Banana Lady-you supply Ihe crust and we' lI 
supply the cream Tile Banana Boys 

You are all Ihe world to me . I love you so. 
Lisa 

Dave. I will always remember you and onion 
rings . Than. for caring. I still always wi ll . 
Love. J . 

Quentin . happy heart day. There's 9 more to 
go so start looking . Love Sharon 

Had any green jello lately? Valentine. you' re 
more than just special. Love. M. XXOO 

DA. lolA. OJ. RL . DP. Lp· Happy Valentines 
Day to some sweeties. BIG MAC 

To lhe lall handsome guy with derk hair and 
blue eyes thalli""" In Argo '556 , I've been In 
love with you for than 3 years , Thl' could be 
serious trouble. Your not·so-.ecret lover. 

Robin. Happy Valentines Day and 
congratulations 1 You have jusl won an all 
e.pen •• paid candl.llght dinner lor two (you 
and me) at my place Tuesday. The last of lhe 
crazy romantics 

Margaret·SI. Valentines i. a loving and 
beautitul spirlt·his day should be your·s. 
also . Love. Marl< 

To our trlend always In hidlng·Happy 
Valentine's Day Barry Richard! Love ya. your 
ER&H WND & FR pal • . 

Blood. Happy Valentine'. Day . bump per· 
dner! LlWe. IIIe Mouch 

Doctor Jolin Patrick In diagnosing the 
chronic case of jaundice I lind th. remedy to 
be .. the madlclne" san. prescriplion or 
directions. Today only take a. needed? 
(maybe noli' Happy Valentines Day . The 
patient 'minus the bollons' 

Mark. my besl Irien<l-I 10,.. you Happy 
Valenllne's Oay. Lov • • Marg .... t 

Bar·. bear. bare or blood be a happy man on 
V.lentlne·s Day N.I_ha 

Den Den llello 1211eIl01311a11o ... won·1 forget 
can't regret what I did lor ... thanks tons 
.... rcm.c 

Pat · 
path.p · 
valdaygel · 
II n · 
ckll.hok?s.tar· 
lasewlngcl rl eloke.pu p -
bach Ilorllv I n g by thew. y . dont · 
lorgettocllcht hldoor 

Maggie: (M) I ... 111 .he day when _ both 
launch our glide,. off the mounlaln 01 love. 
HappyVDlove Mike 

The pianl.tls coming. GAG 

Mike Scoll : I'm jealous 01 your fruit III ... I'll 
teach you 80me real gen.'lcs. La .... Teddy's 
Mom 

Happy Day to P E.B. N,J.K .. and 0 F.H. 
Vaneltlne's Day on ly comes one. a year. so 
go lor III ! Love Jane 

Robin. Happy valentlne's 
thanks. 101 Ichael 

and IIIIIIon 

Wib-happy V.D, this message is ~ , 
dozen rose • . -you are tile sunshine of JftY"1f1e· 
lo.e always-Gib 

Rosarita , I love you. Want to dance or have a 
coke? Love Sepulveda 

Happy Valentines, To our boy. Bel you'll 
never do It again l We love you. The Girls 

Lyle. you're so sexy I How 'boul a game of 
on&-o".one? My court or yours? P.S. don'l 
bolher with a bell . we're playing by my rules . 
·Basketball Bufl 

Noddlenose. I wish I could write a .ong 4 u 
like R.S .• but I cannot. All I wanl is u 4 my 
valentine. Mler afl , ..". gave each other our 

s awhlle.tiack-ll's onfy rlghl . T .B . Jell< 

Wet Lady· HJppy valentine's day and night. 
Hope your vacallon was great. Happy 
quarter. Love Dry Guy 

To the wild women of 8066: Happy vale". 
Ilne's day love from a mu.lcal roomie 

SAS .• Uir mussen zu.ammen am mll.ernac hI 
auf dem strand Ireflen , Liebe und kussen 
Kathy (s as II) 

Leslie Sarah. Your dramatics drive me 
crazzy!-let me know when you can Indulge In 
Polynesia-Tony 

Beach Bunny - Happy V·D day to a fellow (ha) 
Man, nighl Edna when can we sail? ·Too 
handsome 

DAGMAR • LeI'. experiment together . . A 
fellow psych sludent. 

Goode KI"g Snedley would like to bestow his 
blessings upon IIIe upcoming party of Ihe 
elghteenlh 

Wet Lady. the L11t1e Prince. Pooh. Rabbil . 
Piglet . Wol . and olhers· thanks Dry Guy 

W,B.Y .• atlevey Sheri encore. I think you are 
derlsann , Every spill. every unit e,..ry urok Is 
drumdk without you. Let'a face It. I'm 
laradann ove< you . You're goroshing , In· 
sumall . 001111. OOMA-kasma! WBE 

Chris. spinner m 
end result is lhe 
Day I 

My de. Jonathan. t wish you a very Happy 
Valentlne's Dayl Love. Ellss. 

To Ihe Moby Dicks and Moby Chicks. 
wherever you may be . A Happy Valentlne's 
day wish I give from me 10 thee. From L.D,D. 

The 4 nun. & Pierre Ia pue-some day I Will 
reI urn . Stock up on beer and prelzel • . Hapoy 
Vday . P theE. 

Jessica thanks lor sharing port of your li fe 
with me love Francesco 

Nancy. I am askew for you. I looking lorward 
10 this weekend. I want to be with you 
always-Your Vel , 

Sis big I. It truo thaI MTR has pre,crlpllon 
condoms? If not Happy ',10, Big Bro'her 

OU ,.HA •• MA.· TO. Every time I try 10 tetl you 
Ihe words JUII come out wrong. Find 
valentines? Koreanembassy 

Dear X roommate . Can' l find ,mile laces? 
Can't lind. valentine? JUSI come up & ask for 
1111 X roommll. 

Happy Valentines Day to all of ~ 
schnoogles. Love Flnyell 

To my one and only : We will dance away this 
evening and 'pend the night on a .weel· 
polaloe bank URLUV 

ppy 
By thi s I will say. happy valentines day. And 
please don't konk before you play ... Honk 

No kidding· Valentine'f day IS 
everyday . And I'm dlggin' ... iii .... ..Ju.ep 
painting Love. C 

David Elsen·hot .. .. ___ 

to all concerned- The Masked Maraudllrs may 
slrlke egaln . 101M 

MALCOLM: You got a whole personal all '0 
yoursell this tlme .. and you dldn't even aall 
lor it! ! VERA 

Wayn. 
HEE l 

Honeybunch: You're my Valentine, I am yer • • 
how bout dinner tonlle at der's? Lowe. Chilly 

Tom Farlay : V 's Day. heart of 
my heart. L_' ~ V.., bUddy. 

pocket. 

someday Farrah will ptIII_Hl ............. · • 
all your. guess who a 0- fl ...... ' ..... NVO '- JOUr lwo 

LMA. 
I LOVE 

... 

To: Peg· Egg I love all your II\OIIIc ...... 
Especially your bionic heart. F rom ~ 

To the Foxy dude In the wild maroon !Itw 
biro-wonl you be mln&-.Truely Devine? 

Give your love to Ihe kids. Help fight 
muscular dyslrophy. Dance for those who 
can·t . Mar 4·5 x4569 Info . 

Here you are Peter l Now you have no excuse 
not to graduate happy valent ines day K. 

Happy firsl valentines day 10149 ant AND Vly 
195. 

JH • baked ham afway. and much more; 
snlftle. snit/ Ie , PW 

Howdy Klddo: H.V,D. you make my teeter 
loller. my ginger snap . my sun rise. etc . 
mucl1 love. Fif 

Lenny F. You sure do have good look in' legsl 
Wow! I gel hal flashes I Happy VOl Ann •• 

00 ... thank you for being Ihe person you are 
and lor being there. I love you . Bernie 

Lundgrewebryon: Thank. mucho for d inner. 
Be our valentines. Love. Dianne damy 

Cosmo: shining slar for you to see what your 
lile can truly be . Hope SB Is your SS, Lovti . 
Carin & Calhy 

Happy Valentines Day Lupltlta. wilh love • • 
gauachlta 

A.D.D.: H.V.D. & here's to K-l0. home of 
G.N ,D. and good memories. Love . D. 

Billy. Don' t be a hero. you know how much I 
love you , Anthony 

Cecil ia, If I loved you anymore. I'd go blind. 
Love You So Much. Miles 

Tam. Roses are Red Violets are Blu<! If you 
shemp lillie boys Tlley' lI .hemp you 100. The 
Boys 

Paml . 1'11'88 what I can do aboul Gary Wright 
tor you . OK? Can you stand it? Ron 

Cella-I (lid It again. Happy Valentine, Day. 
eCl'1lV,,,.1C1iII 

Marsnatl· you are T STUF,Fi Let. do some 
integralS! Happy Valentines bay 1 A. 

AZ . Owl Jolson lsa .ingin another tun.; he'. 
glad things are lurnlng oul OK love. cutle 

To our lillie glfls' whal do you wanl the boys 
to do? The Boys 

Tam. Happy Valenl lnes . I love you th is much. 
Your spunky IIttfe boy. Eddie. Eddie. Eddie 

Pam. Tried 10 Uel you a Slartleet , bul 
couldn·t. Sorry . Love you. E.W.M. 

Taml . Taml . Taml What would thl. lillie boy 
do wllhout you? Than. funk alrtlne. love 
Ronnie 

.,h FL of Tenaya rlghtwing turn up the 
music. E.L. 

Ode 10 ticklish John Roses are red (or pink or 
yellow)lvlol.'1 are blue (more or 
Ies.)lIs0p0ds change color entirely l But I'll 
stay with youl (I love making you scream) 
Your 10.ln fiancee. Sue 

To Kelly. Pam. Amy. and my angles . Happy 
V 0 I love you all . Mike 

....... 

.............. .., .. baIf III OI/r Oaring 
0lI0.11 .......... .., ........ ..,,. 

~ TIll .... tIIfIIIc __ can never ex-
,....., ....... ..... 

1ItItIIIt ........... .-ylhlng w ill work out. 
IotIIIIn 

......t·nbayourValentinel RTK 

T ... ahY. blond 
t.nate. Call 455-

Joseph'S room l-..de. You',e not an 
animal. neverthel_. I lOve you. Clodr • 
roommate 

Robert H Lost all interest In molecules? Too 
bad . I hoped 10 see more o f you . Not-S{)-
secret Admirer 

To the sweetest valentine of all. Richard 
Munroe , Happy valentines day & keep up the 
good volleybal l. SE 

Wrap. TaMks tor bringing a little bll of 
sun.hine and alot of 10 .. into my world. 

Thlnlsln 
F311s out 
Why don' t you come in and W8 can mak... I 

Golden Gates 

Ell Mora. be my valentine. Many happy lleart. 
love your angle baby . Shan 

Herr Pap 
Vielleicht wlrt Ko". nen aut diose art 
weitermachen . Ich bin Zufrleden. Dubas 

Cee Coo and Kerry . Thank. for making the 
"MOd Squad" possible. I love you both. Line 

SN- Don't worry aboul my New Year's 
Resolution. You can break my ne.' one. Take 
ca...0 ... Llllleman 
L .... t ... (lIce girt IIU you doing with a 
bID .... In M c.ma llame th l. wknd. I 
IIMwau&t4·V . .,' 

"QI_ ............ ' coclUOBch·llving apart 
h 1 bfGIIIn., '-1 .. .1 sl illlove you HVO 
Cr 

All my lowe. your ex Ad 

To Herman Irom 1ma Happy V.day want to 
Celebrale? 

To my nOI· adIIIINr. thank.1 11'5 
_ red· how'" \IOU ..., IIeIng cllaulfred 
was fu". - mol'- .... Boy. Club. 
anylime. huh?7?J. 

SIeve- du kannst vlel besser schitah"'" .... 
Ich habe die Appetil am grosslen ! Keep me 
well· tedll A shy scarter next door ll 

Meleor 4Q().·what better group of valentin .. 
could any man ever be assoc iated with? 
Happy DAY S&E 

.' 
To Ihe Dick: "lsn'l life ."ang . .. ·you·re 
sharing it with a Scolly? Nurse Margaret says 
Its down to a month! Your friend Jovial 
Covena 

To our pal Turb. you ripped us oft Wllh zap 
and yo'" sexerclSe attempt. are leeble but 
we' ll be yourvalenime girl s anyway ZJSK 

To IIIe ladies at Ar. you are all beauUtul . 
Irl endly , sexy & lovlngl But you know lhal 01 
course. Happy valent ines daylll From an 

dmlflng tan. The Secrel EEE! II 

To one who can't curt hi. tongue- I love you 
anl way. Happy valentines day . From tM 
Ag,leone 

Yoc're greet I'll do anyth ing for you . evar 
dy.my hair red . Remain tough! Token S 

Mark Anlony· tady ann. req .... ts the ~tlon 
to lhe singing "'alenllna at Lord Oennls 
Mcc!ennlsllove yl. Cleo 

Olver gar proky & Slick are you stln lIive 
since you". carried my suitcases? Happy 
Valent lnel You 

Dale an EDNA. only malo mod ... left . all 
Iype • . More Info 452-4636. 

SI1auna. Susan . Kathy. Laura . M-C. Cindy . 
Abbe. elc. I'm In love Whal else can I say? 
De tile EE 

Tander leelln\j$ must surge with th 
eggr.sslon. Tt. slrongesl player ha the 
sol lest touch 

1 ulul nu.' Ind 2 wily don" you corne 0¥Ir to 
my place on V.O, · flshy do ..... • ·Plu. 

Br~happy .. lentl"" dly· look on your bed 
atter II OOp.m _ low. your aecntt admirer 

Dear o.ddy B: Ros .. are red. violets are 
blue Tlc-lao-loe Is fun . -.Id Ilov. you. 81by 
8 

Tony· thanks a lot for going 10 VF's & not 
bringing us tleck anYlhlng Old our caramel 
pples make you IlIat sick? Happy Vale". 

tina'. Dayl L B 



5.D.5il. 
Classical Guitar 

En~emble 
-let' ~/, llt"rf'rtor-

0/1 ('(X,,11? d 
&lUtor &:. BAalllb('r ~ .. 

1111 
februor\{ 17, apm 

./{f;;l/u.!em!le filaital .<7iali 
50~ 011 

81 
BALLET ' MODERN ' JAZZ 
CREATIVE ' TAP ' DRAMA 

INTERNATIONAL FOLK DANCING 
EVERY FRIDAY 

ALL LEVELS 

IPM 
230 BIRMINGHAM 

CARDlFF· BY·THE·SEA 
43&-3733 

Movie Review 

"R k " OC y: 
by Rudy Weblfer 

StanWrtter 
In a decade (70's) where 

nostabda vies with mediocrity in 
wi the arts, an)'thin& tbatshlnesor 
shows any spark of creative splaab 
is received by a tired public ( and 
public relations personnel) with all 
the thrill of meeting the new penon 
at tbe on-going orgy - a great deal 
of fuss - IT'S NEW! 

Such is ROCKY, a good but not 
great movie, made to seem fan-
tastic simply because it IS out of 
the ordinary: fresh faces con-
tained in a well-written cliche. 
ROCKY is up-beat, with hope being 
elemental and integral as the 
foundation of the fibn. A welcome 
change from, say TAXI-DRIVER 
(which I consider an obscenity) 
and the steady diet of such movies 
we have been subjected to in this 
decade , summed up in a statement 
alluded to Lily Tomlin, "I'm 
worried about being a success in 
the 70s; does that mean I am the 
least rotten apple in a ba rrel of 
decaying fruit ?" 

Me .... y. Febnaary 1 • • lt7'1 

Upbeat Despite Cliches 
him (the person) .. . he should not 
have starred in it. Even the 
nickname 'the Italian Stallion' is 
closing in on Stallone's own 
possible self-conception, his own 
plausible I believe 

MARTY. all men's films COl}-
cerning men with the woman, with 
her role a side issue. Unfor. 
tunately, Hollywood has for~otten 
about (or does not think women 
con:un«~n:taDy fellllb)e) the other 

, 

ROCKY is the best usage of 
hackneyed cliches I have ever seen 
on film. An it uses every cliche 
known to movie-makers. I cite as 
example the scene where Rocky 
takes off Talia Shire's glasses 
transfonning her from a prim and 
plain virgin to the proper consort of 
the 'Italian Stallion,' Rocky. 

I:f::===============-===:==::::!::==:d:l I am afraid the 'not quite tragic 

r····ilati .. "jj·ilTvi"····· 
Soeakin2 will be Ted Boomer 
of the American Civil Liberties Union 
and Forrest Price 
of the. San Diego District Attorney's Office. 
Question and answer session to follow. 
Wed. Feb. 16 Sponsored by the 
No Conference Rm. UCSD.ACLU 
Student Center and Fourth 

• 7 :30 ~.M . College Program Board 
...............•...................•••............ 

(J(SU (1l1~ISI §I(JUI~I ASS()(IAII()~ ' 
(1-J1~fSl ~fW ~1A1! 
flJ~[)'I<4ISI~() ()I~~II! 

6 - Course Banquet 

LION DANCE, FOLK DANCE, MARTI AL ARTS,and songs 
Tickets $4,50 per person 

Saturday, February 26,1977 6:30 p.~. 
BUILDING C, STU DE NT CENTER 

For Mor I nformation , Contact 
Ylm Lee 452·0793 Or Ed Macl< 453 ·5 768 

You' ve gotta date with 
Cryslal T 

to dine in her ele,ganl Emporium, 
dance 10 her ElectriC Music Machine 

and play gallles in her Parlour 
dominoes, chess and backgammon, Ihal is! 

500 Hotel Circle North 
(.11 the Town .lnd Country Hotel) 

flaw' of ROCKY is Sylvester 
~one's apparent portrayai of 
Sylvester Stallone i.e. Rocky. 
Written by Stallone', and well-
written it is (make no mistake 
about that fact) the lines are 

, smooth and are delivered superbly 
by the movie's able cast. Unfor-
tunately, the company attempts to 
support what appears to be 
Stallone's cathartic auto-
biographical release. He is a good 
actor but the movie is too close to 

stallone egoed out on this movie to 
it's detriment. 

Don't worry though, ROCKY 
remains superior to most of 
Hollywood's efforts this year, save 
for NETWORK (a good creative 

. movie.) ROCKY is a collage of the 
better elements gleaned from such 
films as ON THE WATERFRONT, 
STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE. 
REBEL WITHOUT A CAUSE, and 

half of the population. Oh well, 
maybe next decade we will drown 
in a flood of movies based on the 
present deluge of women's novels 
(the more arresting literary 
phenomenon of this past decade) . 

As a final note, a million dollar 
near el'l'Or is easier on the stomach 
than a twenty million dollar fizzle . 
Perhaps there is hope, or am I in 
danger of being seduced by 
ROCKY? 

UCSD Music Ensemble to Perform 
The UCSD Music Department is 

sponsoring a scholarship benefit 
concert for music students, 

ZsuZsa Heiligenberg [at piano] and 
Cathy Sherwin Ion flute ] 

to be held on Saturday. Feb. 19 at 8 ' 
p.m. in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

It 's not too late to apply for the 
Youth Talent Auditions sponsored 
by the La Jolla Civic/university 
Symphony , Feb. 19 and 20, for the 
benefit of gifted young musicians. 
- If your a re interested in com-
peting in any one of the three 
divisions, vocal, piano, or in-
strumental, write for applications 
to 1545 La Cumbre Drive, La Jolla, 
92037, or call 459-5678 or 459-8971. 

The successful free COFFEE 
CONCERTS a lso sponsored by the 
La J olla Civic/University Sym-
phony continue with a unique blend 
of instruments - piano. flute and 
double bass, Sunday, February '1:7, 
8 p.m ., Bishop's School, La Jolla. 

Zsuzsa Heiligenberg on piano, 
Jolm Leftwich on double bass and 
Catherine Sherwin on flute. will 
perform F Sharp Minor 
Preludium & FUGUE by J .S. 
Bach, SONATA IN F SHARP 
MAJOR, ' op. 78 by Beethoven, 
Bottesini's TARANTELLA and 

/J1.t! 
CV. 'e. Y'. fIJ. fiJ llOIItn {iJi4wtlm.,,", 
~tn.;,1{, II-'k. '&fM.ro A .. It~ 

6)fiU, fi"t... ~IttIwJ"..d Ad", ... 

.AI... fiI_1. fRi.-k lla. 

II .. A ,y>.,~I_'1ICt' rr 
A BLACK WOMAN SPEAKS 

,~" $~. 15, 1971 , t/.JU( 
~~ AIItIiIow-. 

A"~" 11.00 
J/I.<f'..'fJ.('. fYI-I... J~ &/!Jtv' 

45.1- ,17.'1-1 
tlOV I'IIaIlS WmlAli • 1\111 UlllilIlJmJflM.'f u.r MfJ JlltQln. 

ELEGY. SONATA ING MINOR by 
Eccles. Dra llonetti 's WALTZ IN A 
MAJOR, Bartok's SUITE op. 14. 
and SONATA IN D, op. 94 by 
Prokofiev. 

SONOR , the contemporary 
Music Ensemble fo r the University 
of California, San Diego, has been 
invited to participate in the annual 
Scottsdale Arizona Arts Festival. 
March 5 and 6. 

Supported by a grant from the 
A,rizona Conunission on the Arts 
and Humanities , and matching 
funds by the F estival Conunittee. 
SONOR will present a program of 
20th Century music. 

"'l'he ensemble, conducted by 
British composer Bernard Rands, 
consists of uam faculty a rtists 

CoaUnued on page 9 

,..~ ", 

PRECISION CUnlNG 
SKIN CARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A complete Redken S.lon 

3251 Hollde~ Ct. 
Right by Le Joll. VIII ... Inn 

455-0680 

MondaY, February 1., 1m 

CoDUaueci from pqe • 
who have received national and 
intcrnational critical acclaim for 
solo performances and chamber 
music recltals~ In addition to 
performing the established 
literature of this century, 
prolUama presented by the group 
are designed to reflect the rkh 

DSU-
CoIItIDMd fmm .. ge 3 

Disabled Perlons Awareness 
Week. Becaase its obvious to me 
that besides the writers of Kojak, 
there have to be a few people out 
there that have misconceptions 
about Just· what a disabled person 
is. 

To ralse the awareness of the 
people that make up UCSD, the 
Disabled Students Union will be 
presenting a four day event that 
hopefully will reach some people 
and give them a small sense of 
what we are all about.On Feb. 24 at 
7:30 p.m. in the North conference 
room there will be a seminar on 
attitudes and sexuality with the 
disabled and the non~bled . 
Everyone should check it out. 

This letter shouldn't sound harsh 
or hysterical. But if every few 
days, in some small way, someone 
or something teUs you that you are 
not a whole person because of a 
visual . hearing, physical or other 
disability, it has got to bother you 
after a while. 

JlM LEBRECHT 
MemberDSU 

..... 011 _lnll'S 

variety ri contemporary musical 
practice. 

Formed early in' 1976, SONOR 
has enjoyed enthusiastic recep-
tions for perfonnances in San 

Diego, the Las Vegas Con-
temporary Music Festival, the Los 
Angeles MONDA Y EV~NING 
CONCERTS and various UC San 
Diego campuses. 

..... - U C San Uego campus pragram Board presents 

RONNIE LAWS ANd PRESSURE 
March 13, B:oopm 

, UCSDGym 
UC5D 51. $3.50 

G .A. $4.50 
Tlckels: UCSD Bo ~ office and 

all Tickelron Oullels . 452·4559 
..... ______ For information cal 452-4559 

IT {U"llAS5ll..!lI:h[!e' 115...1, 
A BARGAiN AT ANy PRicE 

EspECiAlly 2S CENTs 

Free Classes Feb. 14-21 

*Experience exercise 
with a smile 

' ''njoy the beneliu of 
~xercise and the fun of 
dance 

'Specially designed for 
th. non-danccr 

·Strengthens the heart. 
trims your r"ure 

·Call for a clas 
in your area 

'S 1.50 per closs 
Call t'aJifornia Aerobic 
Dance - 22f?·8777 

Instructor Positions 
Availab le 

INTERESTED IN TRAVELING TO 

Paget 

AUSTRALIA 
& ASIA? 

ClEE STUDENT TRA VEL invites you to a free 
Audio-Visual Travel Experience 

Six co mputer synchronized projectors a and three screens with 
stereo sO llnd will show yo u the sigllts of Australia alld Asia. 

Find Ollt a/Jollt o[/r new flight progral1l to 5.vdnI'Y, Allstralia, 
for Slimmer alld FaI/1Q7". ROllnd trip from Los Angeles or 
Fran cisco from 5888. Also. charters to HOII)l, KOllg oll/v 54 

(1'0111 L.A rollnd tlip 
2 LOBSTER DINNERS Will BE GIVEN AWAY! 
TUE5DA y , FEB, 15 contililiolisly fwm 10alll to 2pm 

North Conference Foom - Stlldt'lit Cel/ter 
Sponsered by: ClEE Stlldellt Tra vel 

UCSD Ilitemational Center 452·0630 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssiFiEd Ads 
ClilS5ifie~ Riltes 

Sl udenl ads · 25 cenlS 
Pe' sonals· 50 cents 
Lost and Found · tree 
Non· student ads · $1 
Deadline at I 1>111. Iwo 
days prior t o publication, 
Ads may be submitted 
bet_n8·10 and 12·2 on 
MWF. 8-11 and 1·3 on TIh. 

WANTEd 
Need exira cash? Paying Top Dol lar for U.S. 
silver coins belore 1965, and pennies befo re 
1959. Ken 755·7371 (3121 
Allractlve lemale 40-50 . Iii, complexion , 
needed as model. Flex. h,'. exper. unnes., 
HI pay. 292-0«4 ... (2IH) 
Wanled Children ages 7· tO yrs. lor a 
PSycholoqy experimenl . currently being 
conducled al Ihe psychologV building on 
MUir The SIUdy will examine chlldren's lever 
. pressing pet1o,mance unde, va,lous 
Sth«Jules of ,ewa,d. and will Ie. I for a 
dural,on of 12 mlns. Each ch,ld will be pa id 
money 10' lhol. p8ItlClpal lon. Please conlacl 
Ihe Psych. Depl at 452·JOOO Thank·you, 
121 21 ) 

Wan led' Sl ooent f<lr unique pl . sales job 
Exeell,,"1 comm . Call Mr. Ashlon <163-42289 
am-I pm M·F (2114) 
Need lex l for Ame, 163: Seely. An 
In"oducllon 10 Englneerlnv Systems CAli 
M.ke 272.098712/ 14) 

fOR SAlE 
Slereo components al whOle .. le p,lces. all 
malor brandt, all n .... guaranteed, call Tod, 
75$-7548 (319) 
2 Roller scale ... ryaccuraleSIO. H ad Maeler 
Icoo.s rllQuet w/roew SI,,"lIS. gr." cond 
S20 755·5872 PIlI. 121161 

'69 VW Vat>. rebUilt engine recent l un&-up. 
New I lres moved 10 Del Mil' dbn' t need 10 
drive Call Pele 0481 ·9397 (2114) 

BMW 1800 4·door recent Yalve job, new 
brakes. shocks. clu tch. Mlchetin radials , 
tape deck mai<e offer V 4-6873 (2/16) 

Younv prolessor (27) wanls someone (oYe, 
18, female) 10 allend sexual Ireedom league 
party with . II you mig hI be Inleresled call me 
01223·9557 . (2114) 

To D. I O . Gltlle TT 
EAT A BAG OF SHIT I 
R. I S . oltNC. 

EYe<ythlng 10 Ihe Ducle. I love you. 101 and a 
101 and more and more (always). 10 .. Ihe 
Dud .. ,e 
J· l hanx tor lhe room service. If. much 
appreelaled. even more is your friendship. 
Happy day! Loye Calh . 

Happy Valenllnp Anne Keep god in your 
Ihoughls and keep praising him Love .n 
chnst Juliel • 

DayldCO·wlll you be my YalMline Merch 12 at 
TO Hays? I'm your wrelch loreve, •• Neurol lc 
Sponky 

Rltzy·1 hae a picnic besket of love lor you my 
bo<>boo rl '0'" , ... you, boo-bOo 
John we're drowning In Ice cream . ready tor 
anolher bel·aller Ihe mud Signed, sllm'n 
Trim 

T D Forgel we nol Love. Ihe sulle and sours 
lmostly Sui lei 

ITU C ,eVOL ESL 0 NIHT E M OS 
ERUUOV DE RE ESO TGN I NNI GEB 
MAl LAIGD (RIA H NAUB UASSO B 

MUll hAl Illsl Aon'8fT1btU MUIr Poaront s 
~ke'1(IFeIllllary2~.nd26 (2/~11 

OR TZ. OR OH. OR NA hapPl"Yalenl ines day 
OR Boolh 

Brucey· I don" know hoW Ihey say it in 
Swedish. bul enjoyilihe girls 
Carol . Peas be my Pod ner 

TO: Jody E Happy Valin lines Day. Love Nina. 

Laura: You're making it hard slaying non· 
commlflal 

BAJA NATURAL HISTORY CRUISE to W. 
coast ISlanll ana lagoons Mar z,-' AP' 2,325 
contacI F, ROI<op X4770 2254 BB (31\1/ 

To my SW sweetie. I tound loye ln New Yorl< 
and left my heart In San Diego, Your tayorite 
Corny. E. Heffron 

Jem_lo fellow Bowie Ian· Topaz 's here. 
and whe'e are you? Sogned . Thai POBox. 
trom Thrlfty's 

To R.slo AElipaS; Lefs take Ihl. bed-buddy 
thing. literally! muchas 3's and 8's you, 
IOYlng ligger 

Joe "JOCk" Rob>nson Oon'l look now buI I 
loye you madly & incur ably your p,.'destal 
rcser¥ed·princcss 

Han your car slolen Irom UCSD' Wanllo find 
thlefs?C 11271 6302 (Y"& 12/18) 

TRAVEL 
EUROPE. HAWAII and .... SIA charter fl ights. 
BoOI< on campusl CIEE Sludent Tra ... 1 
Services. Open M·F 1·5 pm. Call 452..0030 
(6112) 
SUPER TRAVEL BARGAINS Speclallsls In 
Ihe besl deal 1-0, you Call TMT x452· 1981 
(3121) 
Skl ••• "o. Sun V,llIl,,! UC SI""lg Ski Icsl 
M;ut.1I reAprd 1 'S lb8 TK. ... l'b on 8 ... 10 aI bo..-; 
plll{.CXo1f}S9 f2/2'jj 

ItousiNG 
Ronlal wanted 3·5 Br house In Del M r. LJ or 
PB Irom Apnl I July 1 $25 dollar r waJ1l lor 
inlo 276·67 (2lt4) 

Own ,oom In 3-bedroom condo. Playmor·La 
Jolla . I,..., miles f,om school. pool nearby. 
Congenial roommales. Available Ap'il 1 st for 
spring and summer $116 .00 per monlh. Call 
Jon, 453-6Hl . If n04 home, leave phone no. 
(2114) 
Solana Beach 1 0,2 males 10 share apt. SIlO. 
mo ocean view. pool , sauna. jc.;uzli, on new 
bus line 10 UCSD elc'! Call Marc al 0481·9967 
or 45~240 or M ike at 75f>.3642 112 $100 
deposit · share eleclric (2114) 

SERViCES 
Typing ' Term papers . thes.s. d.sse,lalions. 
rUSh lObs. edol.ng . call 453-0656. 56()'8t71 . 
286-4936 452· 1588 (3121 I 

Ne~'CI a barlende' 10' you, nexI party? Bar· 
tender exlraordinaire. Reasonable rates 
Depehdable ~81 ·91 03 (2/23) 
TutOfmg. algebra trig . anal. geom. calculus , 
phYSICS. Sla"Sl,cS. GRE. Call,sh 287-4751 
(2114) 
Lost unwanted pounds & Inches. Healthy & 
easy way 10 lose weighl & keep il 011 . Call 
Lynn 481 -8290 (3/21) 

CAMPBELL·BALLOU ,yplst . Ciai,emonl Sher 
279-,.'8(3121) 

M th grad will tutor • call Dan • 753-8952. 
121141 

MEDICAL SCHOOL haying placement 
problems for mad school' We can help you 
hnd a place now In Italy. For Inlormatlon call 
(213) 331 ·2490 0' w,11e" MEDICAL 
STUDENTS ABROAD 5120 N arglen A .... 
Coyina. Calif 9172~ (3121) 

LEO 7(I'PEUN JETHRO TUL OUEEN 
GArAl SEATS, HOOR AND LODGE CALL 
B r ORr TH Y RE ALL GONE 452·9823 

I~"~) 

lFD Z£PP(UN TICKETS. SAN DIEGO VERY 
GOOD UPPER LEVEL SEATS. ROW or SIX 
CALL 455 1'>67 Best Alt r Sox 

Waler Ski 6"5' Speed ski excellent for open 
woler sl"'ng has • lew kn ocks bul very loghl 
27()'57 19 (2118) 

WetsUlI imperial custom exc cond extras 
mans 160· 190 Ibs 6·.{\·64" lom 2f()'57 I 9 

Nikonos II ekcellenl Cond lasl wi< had shutler 
sreeds $I60··synchroed and thorough 
checked tom 27()'5719 (2/18) 

Honda CB350 excellenl condil,on 73 model 
22000 ml new balle<y and tune up call ., .... 
.t 75f>.SAMV (7269) 12121) 
AM IFM FIAT 124 ca, ,ad.o AFC and local 
Dislance SWllches ' Mint. Must seU now 
sland Size $40 7557196 

T"es·4 165 SA 13 sleel radial. w'th only 8000 
m.les·make ofler·caIlUsve., 453-111 2312/161 

Fpr sale Plaslic Fanlastlc Surfboard S4O, 
welSU" lackel $35 real mce bUI I need cash 
C"'g 453·3199 

FLEETWOOD MAC·exclnl 1I0cr and loge 
seals best oller call 75f>.0793 n'ghts or 
evenings 

"68 Kawasak. 175 been in .10rage minI 
conOll>on 4000 miles $250 call bel ... een I I 

and ~ 565.{\745 

Bike with baskel boys stingray S20 45.'971 
C""c., 
To P"g,cQg I love all your bIOnics Happy 
\/"11'01,,,,, Irum lhe bean 

... I ... L UNI HA TYLING 1/2 
PRICE HAIHCUr. SHAMPOO, BLOW DRY 
S800 CALL 4598229 FOR AI'PTS THE 
HAIRS1YLIST. 1463 GIRARD, BEHIND 
SHIRTALES (3121) 

Typing IBM COrr tong Seleclnc T.-m 
P~Pl" . Ih ses. etc, 4521588 Ey (6/12) 

WOMANCARE Sclf h Ip Clinic Abo'toon. 
Pre" .. ' 1 Ann I Ex m . 1050 Gam • P B 
481\.1"91 



Pap It 1 _ 
I ~~~~~)'!..Y~~IFf~~ 

Tritons in a sIwdown of the league powers, and from the outeome SW 
should be faY red to take the crown. SW was taU, powerful, organized 
and experieflc d, qualities of which the Tritons lack only the latter two, 
though the organization should come from experience. Cal Poly played 
almost faultli!ss voUeyball taking the match, three games to one. 

The Tritons look.,:! good when they had the organization. For example, 
in the seconci game the Tritons were down 6-3 but came back to score 10 
unanswered points and tinaUy put SW away, 15-9, showing good come-
back ability, especially after dropping the first game, 15-7. 

But they lost the momentum and the spark in the third game, as well as 
the organization. Where their sets were right up on the net in the second 
game, they were falling 5 and 6 feet off the net in the third . But SLO's sets 
were perfect all night long. As a result their spikes were overwhelming. 
The Tritons held tough throughout much of the match, Rich Mascolo 
turning in some fine defensive play, but many of the SLO psikes were not 
returnable. 

The fourth game was unimpressive for the Tritons. Cal Poly ran off to 
an 11-2 lead before the Tritons were aroused. Unfortunately there was no 
way for them to come back and erase the large defecit as they lost the 
game, 15-6. 

....... I.III.OS Monday, Felnary It, lrn 

o 

~ 
" We're just a little experience away from competing with teams like 

this," said coach Al Jancsi after the game. The team is relatively new, 
with only one starter, Stan Tamaki, returning from last year. Fortunately 
the club will have opportunity to tune up as they play Irvine, Palomar and 
Grossmont before hosting Cal St. Northridge, the other league power, this 
Friday night. -Dave Cohea • 

~ 
UCSD's Stan Teneki blasts a spike through the outstretched arms of two Cal Poly opponents . Despite efforts like 
Stan ·s. UCSD lost three games 10 one. 

. Ever}OI1e'S 8;gible 
Nieder/ranks 
lee (;-"eam Parlour 

Natural Ice Cream, Sandwiches, 
Hand-made Candles, [no Preservatives) 

Frozen Gourmet 'Qulches 

WENT FOR IT: Classic 1M B'ball 
128 So. Acacia, Solana Beach 
(Across/rom Solana Theatre) 

Open 7 days and nights) 

BROUGHT TO YOU BY rIJ I R COLUGE 
++++t+tt++++++++++++++++++++++ 

DR. J~rtES f. ()lNElU 
SPEilKS 00 

,. SEflRwH f(]R 
L'FE ON RS" 

UR. JAMES F. UANI ELLI- PH.D.: 
CHAI 'PERSON.lI FE SCIENCES ~EPT . WoR'EsnR POLYTEC~N IC INS. 
&
PROF./DEPT . OF PATItQLOGV. NIV , OF MA ss . MEDICAL SCHOOL 
ONSUL TANT Q~ J" A.S/V I Kl~G ROGR AII 
' A. TEE Of iiASA 5 1N eE 963 

PREPARED REPORTS FOR NASA O. SUCH TOP! CS AS: 
RISKS OF PATHOGENS eSCAP I NG t F MA RT I AN SAMPLES ARE BROUGHT TO 
EARTH 

UeSIGNS OF ORGANISMS WHICH COULD INHABIT MARS 

W.F.1. WENT FOR IT. Another 
classic basketball team. Composed 
of six players you wouldn't expect 
to be basketball players, yet 
somehow they have managed to 
scrape by with four consecutive 
wins. When one looks at the in-
dividuals on the team one wonders 
how they could win those four 
games and be ranked Ill , especially 
playing " A" (?) League Basket-
ball. 

At guard, if you can find him, is 
Dave Yukelson. One of the few 
people who could qualify for a 5'5" 
and under basketball league. So 
short that opposing centers have 
been tmown to block his shots with 
their heads while standing flat-
footed. Some people say he can 
dribble and pass, but isn't shooting 

. ,} 
'. I 

charl"r, 
OYer 7776 clim .. ",c. 1962. Son Diego', 
most experienced Cha!1ef Co. 

EUROPE from '321 
a,rt ..... .'77 
~,3 , 4 . S .6 10 24 weeks (lutltlon 10 9 CIties. 
No clubs 10 join. no .... and SAVE 10 _ 
HAWAII from '179 

Also How Y/VI(. ChlCo1{lO. Oriont. 

~-~fIEI""""',,,,, 

And 2 lor 1 means UCSD people get 5.50 
iickets lor only $2.75 

Get your tickets between 9:00 & 
5:00 at the Triton Times in the 

Student Center 

the name of the game, espeCially in . 
"AU Leaguc? If you can't get the 
shot off, why play at aU? 

The second guard on the team is 
Dean Patterson. Gimpy-knee 
Patterson, they call him . Can't 
run, can 't drive . Puts up 30 foot 
shots all the time. Once in a while 
God answers his prayers and 
drops them in. Known to do a 
better job on the basketball court 
with a striped shirt and a whistle in 
his mouth. At least he doesn!t have 
to handle the ball too often. 

Then there is Eric Finkle, the 
supposed superstar on the team. 
Very definitely a superstar with a 
small "s." Admittedly h.e can't 
play defense. And isn't defense the 
another name for the game? You 
can't win a game unless you stop 
the other team. Finkle is a can-
didate for the 1M Hall of Fame, but 
it isn't for his basketball playing 
abilities, or lack thereof. Finkle's 
specialty is as a referee. He is the 
author of the laidoback-pigeon-
toed-t widdl e-fingers-sick-whistle-

travelling~all. 
Maybe one of the reasons that 

WFI has done so well is the front 
line of Page Smith, Dave 
Christopher and Scott Burk. 

Page is the only member of the 
team that can really help the team 
when he doesn't show up. Take a 
couple of weeks ago, for example. 
Didn't show up until the last ten 
minutes of the g8!1le. Said he was 
getting life insurance. What is he 
afraid of? That he'll be hacked to 
death on the basketball court? 
Hardly a chance the way he plays. 
Stays away from his man on 

defense and insists on shooting 
from at least 20 feet. Already 
enshrined in the 1M· Hall of Fame: 
the bowlegged "Black Cloud" from 
Bakersfield, not exactly a hotbed 
of basketball talent. 

Dave Christopher doesn't look 
like a basketball player. But he is a 
little bit on the tall side. Could 
become a star, but playing with 
such a sorry support group will 
hold back his potential. Instead of 
working on his inside game, Dave 
is forced to become the playmaker 
of such a sad bunch of ballplayers. 
Unfortunately Dav.e's outside shot 
leaves a little to be desired. Maybe 
one of these days Dave will play for 
a team that can feed him the ball 
on the inside, where he could use 
his height to advantage. 

Scott Burk is a voUeyball player 
who thought he could use his 
volleyball talents to good Use on the 
basketball floor. A mistake. 
Remember the last person who 
tried that (Charlie M?) Like 

' Charlie, Scott would have to learn 
to set and spike a basketball to 
become effective on the basketbaU 
court. 

So why have they done so well. 
Some say it's the league they play 
in. others feel the opposing teams 
have felt sorry for them and let 
them win, but by 41 points a game? 
True, Finkle has averaged 24 
points a game, but who couldn't 
against such competition. I guess 
that the big reason Is that too many 
of Dean's prayers have been an-
swered. 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR: 

.CAY O" ... 35y ..... III of •• per'-. DAyendlU-
I • AY Smetl CI_ 
LGftI Voluminous hom. GRE ,wdy mat.rial. 

Cour_thet .... A'l'GSB con •• ntlv updeted 
OCAY 
CPAY 

T_'Kilitles'or 
review. of cl_ 
I_n. 8nd for u. 
of supplementery 
met.rial. 

FLEX M ....... p. for ECFMG m ..... ,-", • 
IAT'lMEDBDs 

SAT-VAT 
SAN DIEGO CENTER 

2180 Ger ..... Peclfic 8-" 12101 

~·i 
CEI\fTER ~ 

Br_ .... in mejor US cit!. 
end SwitHrlllld 

Moaday, V.nary lC, 1m 

Wblte \Vbales ' \l ." O'~ , , IQd . " ~ • J 
. 0 t ' 

Otber ; 0) '>, • -. 
Mell}orabilla # 

by ~laQ <iullell 
For aU ye faithful who have waited these three weeks for the conclusion 

of White Whales-well, It reflects upon your character (and not kindly.) 
To recap: Holmes inurdered Watson over an argument of who is the 
better aathor-WiUiam Shakespeare or Zane Grey. Subsequently I took 
Watson's place, and together Holmes and I heard the sad story of Gary 
Frost, Dean of Fourth College, the suspected abducter and murderer fi 
Chancellor McElroy. And now, back to the insanity. 

••••••• 

Frost wrung bill hands. His rheumy eyes watered over. "You must 
deliver me, Mr. Holmes. You say that I am innocent, and I am, but who 
believes me? I am a moving target for the Campus Police marksmen." 

"Calm yourself, sir," said Holmes. "Rest assured we will get to the 
bottom of this. Let us go the Chancellor's office, where all will be made 
clear to you and the world at large. Take that ~tement down, Russell. 
Everyone will admire such verbiage. " 

The three of us drove in a limousine to the Chancellor's office, FrOllt 
quaking and hiding behind the back seat, We hustled Frost inside the 
Chancellor's office, and while I steadied the shaking man, Holmes 
searched the room carefully. At last he spoke. 
" It is as I suspected," he said, not even bothering to snort his 

traditional cocain for additional vision. "The answers are clearly within 
the confines ofthis room. I can tell you exactly how the deed was done ... 

"Speak, man!" shouted Frost. 
Holmes calmly lit his pipe. "You see, my emotional dean, there were 

five people involved in this crime." with a casual gesture he lifted the 
pipe from his mouth and pointed to what appeared to be an insect on the 
wa 11. .. Look there, gentlemen. What do you see?" 

"A bug," Frost and I exclaimed. 
"Exactly," said Holmes. " An electronic bug; a listening device that 

has been eavesdropping on the Chancellor for months . Such an apparatus 
could only have been installed by a Senior Electronics Technician." 

Holmes exhaled some smoke. "As to the particulars of the case, you 
will remember that the lights went out throughout the Chancellor's 
complex. That could only have been done through 11 Maintenance Elec-
trician." 

We waited patiently for a description of the next three culprits. Holmes 
was not long in informing us. 

"And now, gentlemen, look upon this desk. It is reasonable to assume 
that the Chancellor was struck on the head. Several people reported 
hea ring a larg~, hollow knocking sound. What object do you thinks was 
used?" 

We looked at the objects on the desk . It took some doing, but gradually 
we ruled out the paper clips, too picks, cigarette box, and a Playboy 
magazine. The last took some time to rule out. " It must be the book," said 
Frost, pointing fo a dog eared novel on the desk. 

"Precisely," answered Holmes. "But the book has not been checked 
out of the library for six years, and for good cause. It's the complete 
omnibus of Nero Wolfe Detective stories. Two facts point out that an 
Assistant Uolvenlty Ubrarlan brought this book here: the first being 
that the individual was able to remove the book from the library without 
checking it out, and the second being that Nero Wolfe was chosen over 
me, Sherlock Holmes, proving from bad taste alone that the person 
couldn't be a fullfledged librarian, but rather must be an assistant." 

Holmes took a deep, dramatic breath. "And now, as for the Clan-
ceBor," he exclaimed dramatically, "he's not dead." The triurnpbant 
detective walked over to the broom closet and f1l111g open the door. 
"There," said Holmes, pointing to an inflato-cioll, "is the Chancellor." 

I sniffed the air, ·intent on picking up thrpugh my proboscis what 
. CoatiDued 011 page 1% 

• rI.ulI.lml'S 

Dati ... 
CoaUaued from .. ge 1 

Up or become a member of 
Introvision, " You have to feel 
pretty good about yourself and 
perceive yourself as an attractive 
person, or else you won't be willing 
to go through this kind of 
disclosure, (the video-taping 
process.) Losers don't have the 
self~onfidence necessary for this 
type fi program." 

Surprisingly, almost all the 
contestants I've seen on singles 
Match Up confonn to Eisman's 
assertion that "Our people tend to 
be attractive, higher~ducated, 
professional and adventuresome." 

I stlU was not convinced, though, 
so I agreed tD view some tapes . 
Eisman chose one at random, and I 
found myself looking at DeMY, an 
intelligent, good looking guy in his 
twenties who appeared to have a 
good sense of humor, and to also 
have his head together. He got my 
approval. . 

Eisman said that psychotics, 
"undesirables or married people 
are unlikely to join Introvision, 
because all members must give an 
accurate phone number, and must 
also go through the "self-revealing 
process." 

PETs\L PUSHERS 
f:f)82 La Jolla Blvd 

459-2252 
100/0 Discount with this Ad 

• 0=:10-==::1' 
o ~~ @b1~ OOff 
o College plan 

o r.I: CALIFORNIA 
f-.. -·· .... ·--"-··-··-··-·-··~l 0 
(COMMUNI'I'Y1 0 

:mrnll UNITED 
l'-=l BANK 

La Jolla Branch 
~BLOOD BANKJ 
! 983 India ·i 
; 327 F Street : 
- t 

United California Bank 
7855 Ivanhoe Avenue, La Jolla 

Ph. 459-0251 
, 

Page 11 

o 
o 

o 
o 
o 

~ PAYSDONORS ( 
, for Service ! 
t . ',; 

o 0 D ~@fM)l9)(~(f u FD leo I Mon. - Frl. 
, 233-5481 t 
I 234·4601 : • -~-...... - ....... ~.~ ....................... , ;J ~'==~O~OIC:~O~OI~e==~' 

AtTENTION: 
.JUNIORS 

SENIORS 
If you are majoring in physics, math , or e ngineering why no t let the 
NilVY pay YOll $500 a month du ring your senio r year ri ght here at 
UCSD? . 

Plus the guarantee of attending the Navy Nuclear Propulsion School 
alter graduation from college. It's worth $40,000. 

NAVYOFnCFR 
INFORMATION 1EAM 

interviewing at the 
Can'e r Plann ing and PlacE'ment Offi e 

rebruary 14 & 15, 1977 
~.: 9:00a .m . - 4:00 p .m . >:<.:~ 

or call 
293-6444 

S500 A MONTH 



.... 11' I 1"" ••• III.It'S ..... y, Febrary 1t,1977 
New Statim Set for Brad RabL 
Earthquake Network Established 

Contialled from pale 1 
of the world and peeple who have 
different attitudes." He added that 
we need to " raise a new generation 
that is capable of facing and 
feeling these problema." 

Compu,., Store 
82150.'" VICI(E"& ST. 

.... N D IEGO. C .... 2111 

(7141 15815· e008 

Study In 
Guadalajara, Mexico 

The GUADALAJARA SUMMER 
SCHOOL. a fully accredited UNIVER· 
SITY OF ARIZONA program. will offer 
July I ·August 12. anthropology. an. 
economics. bilingual education. folk· 
lore. history. polit ical science. Spenish 
IIonguag. and lit .... tur. . Tuit ion and 
f_. $220; board and room with 
Mexican family . $280. Write to 
GUADALAJARA SUMMER SCHOOL. 
1530 Gamma Apertments. Uni_sity of 
Arizona. Tucson. Ari zona 85721 . 

by VaDesu Griego 
Staff Writer 

This month, the International 
Deployment of Accelerometer 
(IDA), a UCSD based project, will 
expand by adding its eighth station 
in Brazil. IDA is an on-going 
program headed by Dr. Jon Berger 
and Dr. J. Freeman Gilbert, of the 
University 's Institute of 
Geoplanetary Physics. It is 
designed to establish a world wide 
network of earthquake-measuring 
devices. 

Berger explainEd that IDA is not 
the only existing network but it is 
unique. "Unlike the network& 
established in the early sixties all 
of its recording is done digitally, on 
tapes, which is particularly useful 
in work with computers. 

Berger added that "the vertical 
accelerometers used are sensitive 

AItortiH AIteramiY.. enough to record very low 

The underlying purpose of a 
system such as IDA, is to obtain 
enough infonnation about the 
source mechanisms of an earth-
quaktl and the earth itself, to one 
day know if it is possible to predict 
earthquakes, and how to predict an 

provided. Maintenance of the 
system depends on where it is 
located and the degree of technical 
skill held by those maintaining the 
system. Actual operation of the 
instruments only requires the 
changing of cassette type tapes." 

Rabi emphasized the education 
of the children, saying there is a 
need to introduce the concepts of 
our "scientific culture." But he 
rhetorically asked, "where do we 
get the teachers to make the world 
a livable place?" 

"What we have to consider is a 
responsibility and a feeling for the 
essential spirit and development of 
man," Rabi said, noting trlat "we 
will surely find disaster unless we 
move in a direction of saVing 
ourselves from ourselves. " 

Rabi, who recently expressed 
hope for peace · under the new 
Carter administration, was asked 
if he thought a " born-again ' 
Christian" comprehends the 
problem sufficiently enough to 
"turn this situation around. " 

Witb a finn poise, Rabi glanced 
at the skeptic and then faced the 
audience to reply. "I'll quote Niels 
~ Bohr who described a pessimist as 

~ a man 'who is always right but gets 
~ no pleasure out of it. ' " s.n "go/Pro·Uft I.e... frequency motion over long 

periods of time, such as one minute Karen Young translates earthquake data from one computer format to 
another. Dr. John Berger looks on . ' More persQna's ... 583-l1FE to one hour. This type of motion is 

associated with .larger earth-
Free co...aeUal~study nem quakes, approximately seven or earthquake, explained Gilbert. 

and .peaken . more on the Richter Magnitude 
L-____ ..;.... __ ,...;...--~. Scale, and can be recorded at all 

.. -

Would you 
misstliis? 

The wind in your face, 
The blur of trees, 

The sudden spray of snow 
that hangs suspended in 

the crisp, still air . .. 
No, this isn't the day 

to stay home. Not for 
anything. Not even your 

.period. 
So trust Tampax tampons. 

Internal protection that 
can't chafe or show, or 

feel bulky and awkward. 
Tampax tampons-because on 

a day like this you need 
protection, not distractions. 

• 

the different stations around the 
world." 

Gilbert further explained, "A 
second type of earthquake, known 
as a 'sound earthquake,' can also 
be recorded on the accelerometer. 
These quakes, just newly 
discovered, are not accompanied 
by such violent vibration as in the 
case of larger tremors and can not 
always be felt. They are thought of 
as a sort of middle ground between 
the slow movement that occurs ' 
along a fault, known as creep, and 
earthquakes that the general 
public might feel." 

1'\e ·"E'fi 

Earthquake Instruments 
Everywhere 

Currently there are instruments 
located in Peru, South Africa, 
Australia, Nova Scotia, the Cook 
Islands, Soviet Union Republic of 
Tadjikistan, and of course, UCSD. 
There are also plans, Berger said, 
to place instruments in Alaska, 
Hawaii, Antartica, and Nigeria by 
the end of this year. It is hoped that 
the network will have a total of 20 
stations, which would give uniform 
coverage of the globe, by its 
completion, commented Berger. 

Berger went on to say, 
"Equipment and its installation is 

PROUDLY PRESENTS THE SHARPEST 
FUNKY ROCK DANCE BAND IN S.D. 

"Breeze" 
MELLOW OUT THURS., FRI. , SAT. 

... 

Ulli~f?r§lt, 
fu)~§t()rf? 

4 1-J1s() 
REPRINT 

FROM 

COLOR 
NEGATIVES 

Crillo, cilin SHARPSHOT 
bordorl ... pnnlL 

Only 15¢ 
each 

, 

Umited Time Offer 
Feb. 14th thru Mar. 4 

T<lJ,.· <ldv<1ntdgf> of our pN,ondl \erVI (' Bring your film to our 
ount!'r in 111<' gift dpp«rtm 'nt. 

Data collected through the 
network is sent here, where it is put 
into computer tapes. These tapes 
are available with top priority to 
those participating in the program 
and then to the general scientific 
conununity through the World 
Data Bank in Boulder, Colorildo. 

Information gathered through 
IDA is also used by a seismologist 
on this campus. Dr. Ray Buland 
uses IDA data to study what are 
called normal modes, which are 
the free oscillations of the earth 
that occur after an earthquake. 
Buland explained, " Just as the 
contents inside a suitcase can be 
studied with an X-ray, in a similar 
way we use sountl waves to study 
the structure inside the earth." 

Rebecca Anne· you are the sunshine In my 
life . The moonlight of my dreams, lhe 
candle·glow at my meals and the fire in my 
hearth . Togelhef we will see the beauty 01 the 
world illuminated by the brilliance of our 
love. A Friend . 

Silly Bllly .. Happy Valentine's Day . "Non-
Commiltedly" Yours, Ready Belty ~ 

To T.T. Maggie: Your shining contenance 
beams effervescence Into my languid life 
keep lovin' lhe world . 

Olon, you 're definitely T .C. happy valentine's 
day . Love . A little J .A .P. 

Crazy; another lime. another place perhaps. 
The plane would have lett with us be happy.-
Mean. cruel . visclous 

To the Ukranlan tiger from La Puente: Happy 
V 0 H2 I~CO Quaro cause your stili the one 
Love MJS 

White Whales.. Continued from page 11 
Holmes was smoking. 1 was disappointed in picking up only the smell of 
tobacco. 

" You think I'm mistaken, Russell?" laughed Holmes. "Examine the 
'doll' carefully. Look there! You see that scar? That's where the Chan-
cellor had his lobotomy; a prerequisite for an administration job. What 
you see is not an innato doll; witness the Chancellor! " 

"How?" I asked, bewildered. 
"When the biology department isn't fooling around with recombinant 

DNA they trifle with other things," said Holmes. "This is the work of the 
Chairman of the biology departinent." 

" And who is the fifth culprit?" asked Frost. 
"Naturally, to maintain and keep the life conditions going on such a 

wretched being, one needs a noted doctor of respiratory therapy. There is 
more to this inflatable doll than just blowing him up-it is human, or 
rather, it is the Chancellor." . 
"You've given me the occupations, but not the names of the sick in-
dividuals involved," said Frost, closing the door on the doll/Chancellor. 
"Tell me their names!" 

"Hand me the Campus Directory," said Holmes. I placed the book in 
his hands. He thumbed through a few pages, then settled his eye on a 
particular column. With his extended bony finger he pointed down at five 
consecutive names. "There. Do you see?" 

The evidence stared us in the face. We nodded stupidly. Butler, C . 
Michael-8enior Electronics Technician. Butler, Elizabeth A. Assistant 
University Librarian. Butler, John R.-Maintenance Electrician. Butler, 
Warren L.-Chainnan Biology. Butler, William L.-Respiratory Therapy. 

"The Butler's did it," said Holmes with a chuckle. "Elementary, my 
dear readers." 

Frost and I moved in for the kill. 

UC SpRiNG Ski · FEST 
March 26 - April 2 

lifts - looging - transportation 
wine & cheese 
2 dance w II ive bancts 
Tequila Slalom 

S 16795 by bus or $24995 by air 
Tickets on sale now ot box office-

Deqdline Feb. 25 
A UCSD Snow Ski Club event 

.gu~Jhll. 


