
Win There be a Tomorrow? 

Herbert. York: .The Dangers of Nuclear Proliferation 
by Bert Lee 
Staff Writer 

No man has been closer to the 
center of the revolution in military 
technology than Dr. Herbert York. 
In the early 19408, he was one of the 
nuclear pbysicists who developed 
the atomic bomb. Director of the 
Livennore Radiation Laboratory 
during the next decade, he 
presided over the creation of the 
most destructive weapons the 
world has ever known. 

This is the first of a two part 
interview with Dr. York. Next 
week's installment will contain the 
second part, and further examine 
the complex nuclear developments 
and ramlficatioD8. 

In the 19605, York served as an 
advisor to botb Presidents Ken-
nedy and Johnson. He cw-rently is 
a Physics Professor at UCSD, but 
remains closely in touch with 
Secretary of Defense Harold 
Brown. 

The Triton Times recently in-
terviewed York concerning the 
complexities of the ever growing 
danger of nuclear proliferation -
something received by many with 
a dangerously high level of 
passivity today. The following are 
excerpts from our discussion with 
Dr. York. 

IT: In your book Race to 
Oblivion, you refer to 
Eisenhower's warning in his 
farewell address. He warned of the 
"scientific-technological" danger 
which would eventually dictate 
public poliCY. This problem 
becomes particularly acute in the 
nuclear anns race. Technologists 
by nature propose technological 
solutions. It this is indeed the case, 
should variables of morality be 
excluded by ' scientists in the 
nuclear arms equation? 

York: It's a difficult question to 
answer, let alone to deal with ef-
fectively. Speaking from my own 
experience in a various number of 
major research and development 

programs, I was able to clearly 
reflect on the major moral im-
plications of my work only after it 
was completed. There is a certain 
impetus in research and 
development which mitigates 
against inclusion of the moral 
elements for two basic reasons. 
One is that the scientific approach 
emphasizes strategic and 
technological solutions over 
political and moral ones. But more 
important, as a practical matter, it 
is extremely difficult to foresee all 
of the political repercussions 
inherent in a technological 
solution. Nevertheless, I feel that 
scientists should more heavily 
weigh the moral elements and 
implications of their planning and 
work. 

IT: Should the public provige 
the moral tenor for the nuclear 
scientists? 

York: The public should be as 
informed and up to date as 
possible. It is my view that the 
problem posed by this dilemma of 

steadily increasing military power 
and steadily decreasing national 
security has no technical solution, 
If we continue to look for solutions 
in the area of military science and 
technology, the result will be a 
steady and inexorable worsening 
of the current situation. If there is 
a solution to the arms race, it rests 
in the political arena, not the 
technological. 

T'T: If one looks in retrospect, it 
appears that these political 
solutions are proving inadequate. 
With the development of MIRV's 
and other new nuclear weapons 
systems, technology appears to be 
a step ahead of political control. Is 
there any way to check this 
technological impetus before 
actual planning, development and 
implementation? 

York: In the long-run I remain 
hopeful. In the short-run, the 
situation remains bleak. Politics 
has been able to slow down nuclear 
technology to a degree , but current 
political control remains in-
sufficient. 

T'T: Is th.ere a " cult" that 
glorifies the bomb? 

York: There are, of course, no 
cults in the organized sense. But let 
me point out that there are ad-
vocate groups on both sides with a 
vested interest in maintaining and 

strengthening the military in-
dustrial complex. In the US, 
defense contracts mean jobs, and 
labor union advocacy means votes 
in Congress. In the Soviet Union, 
the military interest group has 
grown much more influential in 
foreign affairs strategy making. 
As these interest groups on both 
sides become more sedimented in 
the structural political milieu , they 
become much more difficult to 
contend with , let alone control. It is 
no secret , of course, that many 
people perceive the arms race as 
a necessary element of national 
security. 

IT: It appears that not only the 
two superpowers are unaware of 
the implications of the arms race 
but other nations as well. Nuclear 
proliferation appears out of con-
trol. Do you foresee a nuclear club 
consisting not of five members, but 
20 or 30 by the end of the century ? 

York: Nuclear proliferation is 
out of control. I foresee no way of 
rolling this impetus back. There 
are prospects for slowing this 
process down, but currently the 
impetus is outdistancing a ll at-
tempts to solve the problem 
politically. 

Continued on Page 8 

UC Budget Process Runs in 
Overlapping Annual Cycles . 

Cinco de Mayo at UCSD: Juanito Torres , 4, [left) was one 0/ about 25 children from the UCSD Day Care Center 
to enjoy lunch on the Muir Field , yesterday . Meanwhile , ouer 250 people listened to poetry readings by Alurista . 

Pre-M~ Finds Guidance 

Picking Up the Pieces Through Counseling 
by Laura Richter 

StaHWrlter 
situation did not improve. 

by Hugh McIntosh 
Staff Correspondent 

SACRAMENTO-At a time when 
som~ UC officials are defending 
the University's 1977-78 budget 
request before the Legislature, 
others are already putting together 
the budget for the follo~ing year. 

The University"s budget process 
is a continuous one, made up of 
overlapping 18-month cycles. Each 
cycle begins in January with 
campus departmental requests 
and is completed a year and a half 
later with the Governor's approval 
of the state budget. 

By September each year, all 
campus money requests have been 
worked into one system-wide 

II) budget. In October it is submitted ~ to the Regents whose approval is 
CD usually automatic. 
<Ii This budget includes money the 

~ Wliversity gets from the federal 
-a. government, (rom its own sources 
~ and what it hopes to get from the 

state. A third of the UC budget is 
funded in the state budget which is 
prepared by the Governor's 
Department of Finance. 

In late October or early 
November people from the 
Department of Finance and from 
the Wliversity's budget office begin 
to hammer out the details of the UC 
section of the state budget. This 

section, along with the rest of the 
state budget, is submitted by the 
Governor to the Legislature in 
early January. 

The Legislative Analyst, A. Alan 
Post , follows both the state and 
university budgets throughout 
their preparation. In February he 
publishes a report, Analysis of the 
Budget Bill, in which he picks 
apa rt the Governor 's Budget and 
recommends changes t o the 
Legislature. 

As soon as Post's report is 
published, sulH:ommittees of the 
Senate Finance and the Assembly 
Ways and Means committees begin 
hearings on the UC section of the 
budget. 

Eventually the two committees 
each produce a budget of their 
own. A joint conference committee 
is then formed which writes a 
single budget that is acceptable to 
both houses. 

The Legislative version of the 
budget is sent to the Governor who 
may blue-pencil, or reduce the 
amoWlt of, any budget item. He 
cannot increase any amounts and 
the Legislature cannot override his 
reductions. 

When he finishes with the blue 
pencil, the Governor signs the 
budget into law. The new budget 
law goes into effect on July 1. 

Does this story sound familiar? 
" When I first came to UCSD, I had a fantasy from 

high school. I wanted to be a physician and I never 
thought there'd be any obstacles to impede my 
pursuit once I had been accepted into one of the best 
science and research universities in the country. " 

"I imagine this condition led to my first failure at 
UCSD. It was at that point that I felt I needed to seek 
advice on what I really wanted to do. I was torn 
between my interest in the social sciences and my 
earlier commitment to pursuing a career in 
medicine, and I dido 't know whatto do." 

UC State Budget Figures 
We'll call this student, a fonner pre-med, Peter (he 

wished to remain anonymous) . He entered UCSD 
seemingly confident of his goals and life direction. 

"There wasn't anything else I wanted to do. I 
wanted to be a doctor. The medical profession ap-
pealed to me because of the close contact with people 
and the high sense of trust we associate with it. The 
money was nice to think about, but was incidental to 
my desire to apply science to the aid of other people." 

Peter was ambitious and anxious to embark on his 
great endeavor. Yet he began to encounter the 
unexpected. Competition increased and he lost sight 
of his original plans. 

LearnJq Loses MeaniDI 
"Although I received almost all "A"s and "8"s in 

my lower division science classes, I found that 
learning began to lose its meaning. Amidst organic 
and physical chemistry. I lost my sense of purpose. 
Even though I maintained my science major, my 
motivation began to decline." 

Doubts clouded Peter's mind and his academic 

Trepeditiously, Peter made an appointment at 
Counseling and Psychological Services. He en-
visioned himself reclined on a doctor's couch, being 
asked probing questions by a stereotypical 
psychoanalyst. To Peter's surprise and relief, he 
found, like many other students, that the atmosphere 
was open, relaxed and without pressure. 

Philip Raphael, UCSD counseling psychologist, 
explained that " we aren't into that total Freudian 
type thing." Stating that there is "no one out there 
that at one time or another does not need assistance," 
Raphael said that " one of the biggest hang-ups in-
volved with coullsellng is the tra<!itional idea of what 
therapy is all about." 

" Our society, in general, does not have any stigmas 
attached with a doctor setting broken arms, but some 
people still have trouble dealing with psychological 
counseling," said Raphael. He views our society as 
" strongly individualistic," adding that it's more 
difficult for a male to seek help because it is con-
sidered an "act of weakness," something which 
Raphae I ca lIs "erroneous. " 

ootiDued on Pille 3 

63/64 
64/65 
65/66 
66/67 
67/68 
68/69 
69/70 
70171 
71/72 
72173 
73174 
74175 
75176 
76177 
77178 

State Share of UC Budget 
[excluding capital outlay fund ] 

R g ots 
Budget 

$160,263,929 
177,835,168 
206,612,055 
236,428,179 
245,442,651 
312,000,228 
340,939,394 
374,308,900 
374,944,684 
391 ,422,627 
437,924,873 
503,829,537 
565,142,653 
664117,126 
722,460,000 

Go ernor' 
Budget 

156,973,630 
173,742,113 
197 ,408,639 
234,241,613 
243 ,22': ,486 
284,29'1,275 
316,000 000 
333,000,000 
"..,...... -
o)J ' , ,'\:1" 
355,800,000 
398,900,000 
474,390,015 
543,372,4 
61 ,042,922 
700,192,052 

igned 
Hudget Bill 
157,081 ,314 
181,131,181 
206,761 ,865 
240,385 242 
247,275,796 
291,039,045 
329,679,406 
338,073,495 
.;.)/,Wl,U/4 
384,781,688 
454,11\5,363 
511 ,904,720 
587 ,()g5,381 
666,161,895 



triton times FrIday, May I, 1m 

letters to the Editor 

Should Intercollegiate Athletics Continue at UCSD? 
Our Reputation is at Stake 

As a UCSD sb.ldent and athlete, I am very concerned 
about the article "Are Intercollegiate Athletics on the Way 
Out?" which appeared in the April 22nd issue of the Triton 
Times. If the intercollegiate athletic program is cut out at 
uam it will kill any chance this school has of becoming a 
major university. It will do away with the stude)lt/athletes 
who came here to get a good education at a good school and 
at the same time represent UCSD on the athletic field. 

This school is unique in that a good athlete can come here 
and play for a university that has the prestige of being the 
University of California and at the same time get an 
education at one of the finest of the UC schools. The type of 
athlete that attends UCSD is an athlete interested first in 
academics and secondly in athletics, not the other way 
around. 

I think that to improve the University and its reputation, 
you must improve the athletic department and its 
programs, not discontinue it : The athletes are the 
representatives of the school and reflect its policies on 
away games and at home. I think you need to broaden the 
scope of life here at UCSD or the students' minds will be 
narrowed as to what goes on in the real world. Athletics 
have taught me more than any class I have taken either 
here at UCSD 011 in junior college. Athletics has also helped 
me adjust to the school work here and to life in general. 

Through athletics I have learned to never give up and to 
always do the best I can and that to be a success you don't · 
have to be the best in your field , just do your best at all 
times: success is peace of mind which is a direct result of 
self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become 
the best that you are capable of becoming. Without 
basketball, my life here at UCSD would feel empty and 
confined strictly to academics. I would feel that my college 
life experience was not that beneficial to me because it did 
not help mold me into a well-rounded individual. It would 
not represent the full range of things that go on in one's life. 
I would feel excluded and exiled from the real world. 

Athletics has helped me bridge the gap that exists at 
UCSD by giving me a chance to express myself as an in-
dividual, and as part of a team, on the basketball court. 
Basketball has given me a chance to show my competitive 
spirit, to play against other great athletes from other 
schools, to make life-long friends and to acquire endless 
memories of personal experiences in games won and lost. 

It gives me a chance to represent my school, to show 
people that there are good athletes at UCSD, that we can do 
more than merely eat, sleep and study, because an in-
dividual cannot realize his full potential by narrowing his 
life to consist only of academics. He must fulfill himself 
with the other aspects of life, and the competition of in-
tercollegiate athletics has filled my life with hard fought 
battles both inward and outward. It had filled me with 
extreme excitement, disappointment and the realization 
that my character is strong enough to bounce back from 
defeat and face the next day with pride because I played my 
best and was not ashamed. 

When I started looking for schools to attend after my 
graduation from Feather River Community College, the 
schools that I considered were Western State College of 

Colorado, Fort Lewis College in Colorado, Southern 
Colorado State, San Diego State, USD, Point Lorna, USIU 
and UCSD. I chose UCSD because I wanted to go to a hard 
school with a good academic reputation and a good athletic 
program so that I could continue to play basketball while 
going to school and also get the best education pcxWble. I 
graduated from junior college with a grade point average of 
3.4 and after 42 units here at uam, I still carry a 3.4 
average. My point is that you get good quality athletes 
attending UCSD, not the stereotyped "dumb jock". 

If UCSD had not had an intercollegiate program, I would 
not have conle here to continue my education. The attitude 
that I have encountered is that UCSD intercollegiate 
athletics is bad here because we don't have a winning 
record. We don't have winning records because no one has a 
winning attitude and no one has a winning attitude because 
not many people in the administrative deparbnents care 
enough to help improve the athletic programs. 

I think that if you care enough about making UCSD a 
better, more well-rounded and respected university, then 
you should show your support of the intercollegiate athletic 
program, lend your support, backing and enthusiasm to the 
coaches and their programs in an attempt to change the 
existing attitude here at UCSD. Change it to a winning, 
competitive attitude, and you will see the change in next 
year's athletic events. 

I think that only with this change of attitude, with the 
enthusiasm and complete backing by the administration 
and the support ofthe intercollegiate athletic program, that 
you will have successful athletic teams. Only then will 
UCSD finally emerge as a competitive major university 
that is unique in the fact that its athletes are students first 
and athletes second. I would hope that the values of such 
activities would be discussed with the participants before 
arbitrarily eliminating such viable programs. 

I would be more than glad to speak to anyone personally 
about my feelings on the subject of intercollegiate athletics 
in order to clarify anything I have said or to discuss further 
the benefits that I have known through the competition of 
intercollegiate athletics. 

KENNY STARK 

Sports Deserve Emphasis ' 
I was shocked to read the article on the possible 

elimination of intercollegiate sports at UCSD (TT, April 
22). Even though the emphasis is on academics and sports 
are " just for fun" , I feel it is important for the school to 
place more emphasis, not less, on our intercollegiate 
program. As a player on the basketball team. I realize the 
time and energy invested by all the players in every sport. 
We may spend over three hours a day, not to mention travel 
time and other time away from studies. It seems a shame to 
waste it on a school where no one seems to care much about 
intercollegiates. 

UCSD offers a large variety of sports and anyone can 
play. We have the potential to do well and win a lot of 
games. Perhaps with more emphasis on sports, the good 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

Dr. J. Ruby of Temple University's 
A nthropology Dept. will speak on 
the topic "Exposi ng Yourself" 
Wed., May 11, from 3:00-5:00 pm 
at HSS 2305. The communications 
program is sponsoring this free 
event. 

triton 
tiDles 

....•.•....••..•.....••........• 

· . 
· CHRIST DIED .: 

FOR YOU 

Do it w ith 
the best. 
Ootticel li s . 
best 
haircutting 
team. 

MaJUcures, 
PediCures, 
Porcelain I.IIS 
and WraDs b, Llanl 
Hair ,lei lor 
1II0IYleal. bolh 
men and .. m. 

Monday thru Saturday 
by appointment 459-8218 

5625 La Jolla Blvd. 
(Bird Rock Area) 

David Eisen - Executive editor 
Mark Stadler - Managing Editor 
Alan Russell - N_s Editor I've heard that , 

before? Ran Anbar - Assistant Managing Editor Shauna Stokes - Production Manager 
Alec Nedelman - Associate N_s Editor 
Joel COon - Associate N_s Editor 
ScOI\ Sadil- Associate News Editor 
T,m MacKenzie- Art s editor 

Trident Chr isti an s F e l- : 
: lowship Bookta ble in front: 

. 
Roo Kato· Co·sports Editor 
Jon Halperon - Co-sports Editor 
BIl l Brooks· Photo Editor 
Sue Nealon - Copy Editor 
Gary Ghirardi • Advert ising Manager 

: of Main Gym. 
· 

: M -Th II am - 1 pm 
· ...............•.............•.• 

CALIFORNIA WESTERN SCHOOL OF LAW 
(ABA-AALS accredited) 

IS ACTIVELY RECRUITING 

Minority Students WHO ARE INTERESTED 
IN OBTAINING A LEGAL EDUCATION. 

for further info: contact Prof. Gerald P. Lopez 
California Western School o f L aw 
:~50 Cedar SI. 
San Diego. CA. 9210 1 
L3<)-0391 

plication for fall semester must be filed by June 15, 1977 

Di800unt 
Prices 

Photowaphic Supplies 

Darkroom 
Supplies 

Quality Equipment 

Boh Da\ is Canlt'ra ~hop 
• 1 • I " • I ' I 11.1 I 1 " 

players will come out and stay out for the team. Inter-
collegiate sports offer entertainment and enjoyment for all 
the students on campus-all they have to do is come and 
watch. Games, tournaments and matches can be fun and a 
little home crowd enthusiasm never hurt. Intercollegiates 
also bring recognition to UCSD in the San Diego area, and 
show the community the well rounded individuals par-
ticipating. 

I'm not advocating a super high power program like 
UCLA. The general philosophy here is g.ood. I just want 
people to realize the importance of maintaining a strong 
intercollegiate program. Let's not eliminate it. 

ANNE CARRINGTON 

Cut Budget Not Program 
I can't believe a higher institute of learning such as 

UCSD is thinking of cutting out it's intercollegiate athletic 
program (TT, April 22). Everyone knows the general at-
titude at this campus is one of academics-so much so that 
it 's driving a lot of people away to other schools. Com-
petitive sports provide an ouUet that gets rid of this 
restricted feeling for a lot of people. 

I couldn't survive at this place without track and in-
tramural sports aren't all the same. The camaraderie, 
team spirit and friendship brought about by running (or 
s.wimming, playing basketball, tennis .. . ) with a group of 
peers with the same interests is an experience that all 
students should be able to have. . 

The excitement of traveling to other schools, meeting new 
people, hosting far-away teams are all, I believe, part of the 
educational experience, part of college life. To stop 
something like this would alienate a lot of people even 
further and make the " nurd" abnosphere here a lot worse. 
Even Caltech has an intercollegiate sports program. 

Obviously this place has budget problems. I know that 
no one has asked any of us runners for suggestions of what 
we could do to help. A luxury for us is getting $4 for meals 
every weekend we compete at meets. Cutting this in half 
would save at least $200. and I know for a fact we would all 
compete for no meal money at all, saving $400. Another 
thing is traveling expenses. I don't know how much it costs 
to use the two vans for transportation, but I do know most of 
us have cars and would gladly drive up ourselves if it meant 
not going at all. 

I think the campus would support any fund-raising drives 
for intercollegiate sPQrts-this could include movies, some 
kind of fair, even door to door collections. The track team 
started this season with 0 budget, and got some money 
somewhere after a sprinter's mother sent in 20 bucks. I'd 
bet a lot of parents of intercollegiate competitors would 
donate some money. 

There are alternatives. Mr. Administrator, please think 
about them before cutting the intercollegiate sports 
program. 

KEVIN YOUNG 
UCSDTrack 



-
MISSING PAGES 

May 6,1977 

Vol. 31 

No. 15 

Pages 
3-6 

UCLA Reprographic Service • 



FrIda" ..., I, 1m 

The first weeks of May are filled 
with free concerts sponsored by the 
UCSD Music Department. 

The UCSD Chamber Singers 
directed by John Large will 
present the second part of an 
ongoing cycle of songs, Song Cycle 
II: Melodies Francaises, today at 8 
p.m., Mandeville Center Recital 
Hall. 

Program includes Clair De Lune, 
Mandoline, selections from Fetes 
Galantes by Debussy, Cinq 
Melodies Populaires Grecques by 
Ravel, Le Bestiare and Airs 
Chantes by Pouienc, and songs by 
Duparc and Chabrier. 

UCSD singers Vincent Russo, 
Deborah Davis, Mary Waikush, 
Frances Newel, Karen Haigh and 
Kathryn Evans will be ac-
companied by pianist Janie Prim. 

Tomorrow at 8 p.m., Mandeville 
Recital Hall, the Del Mar String 
Quartet presents Haydn's Quartet 
H78 in Bb op. 76 no. 4, Beethoven's 
Quartet no in Eb Op. 74, and 
Quartet In GOp. 10 by Debussy. 
Brian Forsyth, James Wilson, 
violin, Philip Lin, viola , Mara 
Parker, cello. 

Wednesday, May 11, 
"Celebrated Trios" will be per-
fonned by Swiss Flutist, Bernhard 
A. Batschelet, English harpist, 
Christina Rhys and New York 
violist, Leonard Sachs, 8 p.m., 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

Debussy's most famous works 
Syrinx for solo flute, and Sonata for 
Flute, Harp & Viola, contemporary 
Swiss composer Klas Huber's 

triton times 

John Large directing the UCSD Concert Choir . 

Sabeth, and two world premieres : 
Triog by Ann S. Harkinson 'and 
Proportionale II by Batschelet, a 
challenging piece demanding the 
artists ' most subtle technical and 
interpretive skills. 

Rhys was for three years prin-
cipal harpist of the National youth 
Orchestra of Great Britain, has 
performed with leading orchestras 
in Europe and appeared frequently 
as soloist in concerts presented in 
music centers of England, in-
cluding London and York. 

Her musical career began at age 
7, includes studies with Maria 
Korchinska , and Maria Robles, a 
scholarship to the Royal College of 
Music at 16, a workshop with 
Ursula HoBiger in Basel, Swit-
zerland a nd studies at t he 
Universit y of York Music 
Department. 

A versatile musician Batschelet, 
composer , perfonner, has gained 
international recognition for his 
perceptive interpretation of both 
classica l and contemporary 
repertory. He is a graduate of the 
Basel Conservatory, winner of 
numerous competitions and 
awards with numerous per-
formances in European capitol 
cities to his credit. 

Sachs, a graduate of Bennington, 
has been first violist with Chamber 
Ensembles on the East Coast 
where he has perfonned ex- Flutist. Bernhard A. Batschet will 
tensively. Since coming to UCSD be fea tllred in "Celebrated Trios" 
as a graduate student Sachs has 
participated in SONOR, UCSD 
Faculty Ensemble among others. 

Pale 7 

LOWEST PRICE EUROPEAN RIGHTS 
We ar serving the academic 

community With di count travel 
abrodd . Let us make your air travel 

. arrangements. Flexibility as to 
dl'~tlOdh(m and dpparture ave you $ 

CALL US LAST TOLL FREE 800 / 223-1722 

bonnie raitt 
plus special ~ts 
san diego civic theatre 

thurs. may 26 
8pm 

all seats reserved 
$6 .50 , $7 .50 

Tickets available at all Ticketron outlets, and 
Center box office, 202 C SI. 

For informat ion call 236-6510 
Produced by PacifiC Presentations 

MARSHALL TUCKER BAN 
SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

SEA LEVEL 
Featur ing : 

Jalmoe, Chuck Leavell , Lamar Williams 
of the Allman Bros. and Jimmy Nalls 

San Diego Civic Theatre 
Tues., May l Oth 8:00 p.m. 

All seats reserved: $6.50, $7.50 
Tickets available at all Ticketron outlets, and 

Center box office, 202 CSt. 
For information call 236-6510 

(All previously purchased tickets w ill be honored) 
Produced by Pacific Presentations 

\ 

/ 

Calculator Giveaway 
Winners need 

not be present 

ot drowing to 
win p rizes, but. .. 

must submit 

entr~ cord. 

Winners will be 

onnounced in 

issue following 

drowing 
Look for entry blank 
in Monday Triton. 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 



Friday, May I, UT7 

Undergraduate Fellowships Offered 

Friday Night Films 
7:00 and 9:30 p.m. 
Friday, may 6, 1977 
USB 2722 

Career 
'Bartending 

Behool 

Meet the PEOPLE 
Work the HOURS and 

FREE 

make the MONEY you want 
JOB.ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE NOW 

FOR FULL and PART TIME 
Classes 

Days - 2 wks. - 80 hrs. 
Eves. - 4 wks. - 80 hrs. 

for a free lesson call 
297-5530 

2760 5th Ave. Suite 120 

byctadblHW 
StaHWrtter 

Applications are now being 
accepted for the University of 
california's 1977·78 President's 
Undergraduate Fellowship 
Program which this year received 
triple the amoWlt of funding it has 
received in previous Ye<lr8. The 
program fWlds undergraduate 
research projects. 

All freshman, sophomores and 
juniors are eligible only if they 
plan to remain at UCSD for 
another year as an undergraduate, 
according to the Revelle Student 
Financial Services Office. 

The deadline for submission of 
all required documents is May 16. 
They may be turned in to the 
respective college Student 
Financial Services Offices on 
Matthews Campus. 

Each applicant requires a 
faculty advisor and must fill out 
the application aV!iilable at the 

MODELING JOBS 
How to .tart without modeling achool. Send 
snapshot and $4. Ten·day money·back guar-
antee. Fair enough? TYPECASTING, 80)( 
'5 .2L Dept. 11-31, Wld.worth. I/linol. 80083 

Students Financial Services Office. 
Grade point average is not stated 
as a criteria although transcripts 
of all college work completed to 
date are required with each ap-
plication. 

The application states the 
projects will be reviewed by the 
Faculty Committee on 
Undergraduate Scholarships and 
Honors with winners selected in 
early June. Stipends to be awarded 
range from $100 to $1000. 

Larger A wards 
According to Wanda Martin, at 

the Revelle Student Financial 
Services Office, for the last three 
years a maximum of only $5500 has 
been available for the program, 
and due to this limited. funding the 
maximum stipend of $1000 dollars 
has not been awarded. The 
average award ranged from $400 to 

$600. "With nearly quadruple the 
amount of fWlds available this 
year." shp ~~id, "more awards and 
perhaps larger awards are an-
ticipated. " 

The money originates at the 
Systems-wide Office at UC Berkely 
and is awarded on behalf of UC 
President Saxon. The program was 
initiated in 1967. 

Stipends have been awarded in 
almost every department at UCSD. 
Chemistry and Biology represent 
most of the projects submitted, but 
art, drama, music, physics, 
psychology, anthropology and 
history are among other areas of 
study having received awards in 
the past. 

Projects do not have to be 
related to the student's major 
course of study. 

York... Continued from Page 1 
'IT: So, can we conclude at this point that the technological impetus 

plus the uncontrolled proliferation of nuclear weaponry in other countries 
will lead to a deterioration of the tenuous stability we are experiencing 
today? 

York: Yes, I think that is probably the case. Although the situation 
today is stable in the sense of nuclear superpower equivalence, the 
potentiality of maintaining a nuclear s~bility in the the global arena will 
diminish as time goes on. When the nuclear club reaches a membership 
of 25 or more members by the turn of the century, as present trends would 
tend to indicate, the complexity of the situation will reach such a 
magnitude that I think you can anticipate international relations will be 
more fraught with the possibilities of either deliberate use of nuclear 
weapons or a nuclear accident, than in the current situation. 

'IT: With regards to the US vis-a-vis the USSR, are we at parity? 
York : Both sides have a feeling that we are at rough parity. The 

problems that we are currently addressing is defining this parity in 
quantifiable terms. The situation is analogous to comparing apples to 
oranges. The geopolitical and technological variables are so different and 
complex that it is proving impossible for both sides to simultaneously 
recognize parity in a definitional manner. For instance, the Russians feel 
justified in demanding more delivery vehicles since they are surrounded 
by enemies. This is ~he current problem with SALT . 

You shouldn't have to 
change banks every time 
you chang~ lifestyles. 
Graduation is one time you change lifestyles. But it's certainly not the 
only time. 

It happens when you move. It happens when you get married. 
It happens when you have children, take a new job, and so on. 

The point is, you shouldn't have to worry about changing banks 
every time it happens. 

And if your bank is Bank of America, you don't have to worry at all . 
For starters, with over twice as many locations as any other California 

bank, we're usually close by. If you're moving, it's easy to transfer your 
account to whichever branch is most convenient for you. 

We also offer a wide range of checking and savings plans to fit your 
changing needs. Like our AII-in·One " Checking Plan which gives you a 
variety of services in one simple package. When your application for 
BankAmericard" and Instant Cash is approved. you get unlimited check-

writing with no minimum balance. personalized checks, our handy Check 
Guardntee Card, BankAmericard~ overdraft protection: and commission· 
free BankAmerica Travelers Cheques from our California branches -
all for just $2 a mQnth. 

Chances are whatever changes you make, we're one bank that can 
keep up. We have Consumer Information Reports to help you keep up, 
too. Including "How To Establish Credit;' "How To Prepare A Personal 
Financial Statement:' "Money Management ForThe Two·Income Family," 
"Income Tax Organizer," and more. 

Why not stop by and talk things over. We serve more Californians 
than any other bank - in school, and after. And we'd like to serve you. 

' If you qualify. 

Depend on us. More CaHfomians do. m BANK 
OFAMERICA 

Bank of America NT&SA . Member FDI 


