
' ''. 

S.tude·nts withdraw 
from reg fee panel 
The student members of the Advisory Committee on Stu<lent 

Fee Programs last night walked out of a committee meeting to 
protest the acting Vice.chancellor of Student Affairs' handling of 
$107,000 of extra registration fee bud,.t money. 

After last night's ineeting started, ' student member Jared 
Dreicer read a statement that said the students have begun an 
indefinite withdrawal from the committee to meet with various 
student groups to determine whether their return to the committee 
"will serve any worthwhile end." . 

The students then left the meeting, and student co.chair Marsha 
Harris, who remained because she was chairing the meeting, 
called for adjournment, because the quorom no longer existed. 

Accordi'ng to Harris, the students planned their walkout at a 
caucus meeting Wednesday night, which was called to discuss 
ways the students could react to acting Vice-chanellor of Student 
Affairs Howard Hunt's allocation of the $107,000. 

The $107,000 was considered "extra" because it was allocated to 
U CSD in excess of the $468 ,000 the advisory committee expected to 
receive from the state Legislature. (The legislature gives money 
to UC schools to supplement student registration fee funds.) 

The committee, composed of seven students and five 
administrators, makes recommendations to the vice.chancellor of 
student affairs on the uses of student fee money. Last spring 
it made budget allocations on the expectation of receiving $468,000 
from the state (Triton Times, Oct. 7). 

The committee at the time urged that any state funds UCSD 
received in excess of $468,000 be saved for further consideration. 

This summer, when the student affairs department received the 
extra state funds, Hunt allocated them to a variety of services. 

After the other students left last night's meeting, Harris said 
they plan to confer with various student groups and that they 
probably will return for a committee meeting "next week. 

Committee co.chair Rick Whitehill, Who is Associate Vi~ 
chancellor of Student Affairs, said he fears the students' actions 
threatens the committee's "viability" in the eyes of the Vice-
chancellor of Student Affairs and the Chancellor. 

The students' statement, in part, read that: 
- Hunt "flagrantly violaed established campus procedures by 

allocating funds without committee consultation, and in several 
caljeS in defiadce of the expressed will of the committee"; 

1- Hunt's "refusal to freeze even the unexpended portions of the 
$107,000 (which the student members urged) is a direct affront to 
the committee and to the student body and signals the breakdown 
of effective melln..ingful participation of students under the present 
structure." _ Mark Stainer 

~ t:llsbe~g to speak 
A nucl~dl pow~r W.,,;h-Ul W\,111 
be held this Sunday from 12 
until 6 pm at Diablo Canyon 
nuclear power protest in 
AlJlUSt, 8Jld Peter Faulkner, 
author "The Silent Romb. H 
ElIsberg, who leaked his 

knowledge of the Pentagon 
Papers to the pre .. during the 
Nixon Administration, has 
aactively supported a nuclear 
arms and eventual limitation. 

Two films will be shown -

"Lovejoy's Nuclear ',Yar" and 
HThe Last Resort." Workshops 
will be conducted on weapons 
conversion, alternate energy 
and the SAn Diego Gas and 
ERROR. EJectic plant. 

Sponsoring the event are the 
San Diego No Nukes Coalition, 
Community Energy ACtion 
Network, the Clamshell 
Alliance of UCSD and UC 

'Weapons Lab Conversion 
~roject. 

50 In the pocket 

Loans in short supply -
students fail to repay money 

by Lalrll A. RicbC« 
News Ediler 

"Shat Tenn Loans. These 
funds , made possible by gifts to 
the University, are granted in 
!mall amounts to help students 
in shat-tenn Emergencies and 
usually must be repaid within 30 
days ." 

rruij<r default source which has placed in the fund to total 
limited the fulfillment of the $45,000 . 
demands placed on the funds by 

When in doubt, consult the 
UCSD General Catalogue. But 
when in debt, students are 
encouraged to take advantage of 
cash and educational fee loans 
sEJVices as part of the Financial 
Aid offices at UCSD. 

the growing school. 
" The biggest jrobl£m in lack 

of funds is non-payment," 
said Wickstran, while Hessinger 
spoke of a guard system , 
involving the freezing of 
transcripts and records as a 
threat to those who leave UCSD 
and fail to foUow up on the 
payment of temp<raI"Y loans. 
Demand and depletion reached 
such a point that an additional 
$10,000, claimed fran the unused 
coffers of another jrogram, was 

Revelle students in need 
It was pointed out by both 

Wickstran and Paulette Rose, 
Seni<r Student Affairs Officer, 
that although £mergency loans 
are supplied tlrough a ccmmon 
fund foc all four colleges, each of 
the campuses experiences a 
different financial need. Revelle 
students, who often cane fran 
financially secure backgrounds, 
tend to utilize the Emergency fee 

(Continued on page 2) 
ClITently, however, a massive 

depletion of funds has OCClUTed 
due to the uncCJmlonly high 
financial need of students dlring 
the beginning of the school year. 
Since the rruUcrity of the"loans 
were to be repaid in the 30 days 
alotted tine, it is expected that 
the money has been retlD"lled but 
the processing has slowed 
recirculation of the funds. 

Young candidates clash 
on campaign spending 

"Costs are not evenly 
distributed during the quart-
er," said Tally Wickstrom, 
Assistant Director of Student 
Financial Services at Third 
College. She said that reg fees, 
books and living expenses place 
an additional burden on the 
normal expenditures of 
students. 

"Revolving funds" 
In order to facilitate the 

recycling of loans, termed the 
"revolving fund," a $10 late fee 
bas been imposed on those who 

by Mark Stadler 
The campaign foc the third 

district spot on the San Diego 
City Council has two unique 
features: the two candidates are 
the youngest council-hopefuls 
this year, and the disparity in 
campaign spending between 
thEm is the largest among the 
four council races. 

Ed Millican , a 32-year old 
National University jrofessoc, 
and Bill LowErY, a 3o.year old 
businessnan, are the candidates 
foc the District 3 seat, which will 
be decided dlring the N fN . 8 
municipal elections. 

neglect to repay loans within As of this week , Lowery 
the designated time limit . reported raising $45,420.50 . 
Additionally , loans will be Millican reported contributions 
restricted to one per student of $5,962. Lowery's campaign 
per quarter. financing report, which was 

. filed with the City Clerk's 
• Fred HeSSinger, Depu~y office shows he has spent Di'ectcr fer Student Financial ' .. 
Services at Muir College , almos~. ~10 , 000 on teleVISion 
commented "It has become advertlsmg. 
evident tbis year that the . <:ampaig~ spending • 
program il having difficulty MIUI~an belu~ve ~wery s 
keeping up ·with increased campaign spendmg habits may 
population, II adding that the ~ackfire at the polling place. 
funds experience an annual People, are a'."are of my 
depletion of five percent. opponent spendmg and they 
GraduaUng and transfering don 't approve of it," h say . 
students were named as the Lowery, in rel"y, -:.y he has 

no idea how much money is in 
his campaign budget, because 
he leaves finances to his 
campaign manager. " We' re 
just bringing the issues to the 
people and we' re prepared to 
JElt it go to the polls," says 
L.'lwery. 

(Continued on page 10) 

Mandell on 
probation 

Dr. Arnold Mandell , who was 
charged with prescribin~ 
massive doses of ampheta -
mine to San Diego Charger 
football players 10 197:i, ha 
been placed on a five year 
medical probvation by the 
Division of Medical Quality of 
the state Medical Quality 
Board. 

Mand -II who i a re earcher 
in the p :rchologicai effects and 
use of drug at the UCSD 
medical school p ychiatry 
dPpAt1",*nt wmlld MW> h3tl 
his licen e revoked but thi 
mov wa suspended during hi 
fi e year probationary perioo. 

Attorney's for Mandell ay h 
plan to appeal th deci ion . 



tJitoa bet 
..... J 
, .................... . 
."=En.' ,I" • : J.-.I ,SF ..... : "Women', Health eire WMk" 
: ~ : · ...... . 
• • 
• NoIt.IJ. 

Free presentations focus on self-help 
• JIIelJ • 
• • ~~ ................... ~ 

UARNTOFLY 

California Gliders 
Right Training Center 

offers 
Hang Gliding Instruction 

at aU levels -
novice thru expert 

\ 
7 Days a week 

Certified USHGA Instructors 

for further information 
CONTACT 

ALBION CORPORATION 
8490 PRODUCTION AVE. 

SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 
92121 

(714) 271-7810 

by v ...... Grlelo 
S&aff WrUer 

Women: take your bodies 
back. 

Througb the combined 
effortl of the Women's Center 
and tbe Women's Coalition, 
Nov. 1-12 baa been desipated 
as Women's Health Care Week 

. at UCSD. 
Tbe week wiD feature a series 

of lectures, presentatioDl and 
diIc:usIioDl fOCUliq on many 
different 88pecta of Women's 
Health Care, in particular, and 
of Health Care in general. 

. Vandl Listrot, of tbe Wo-
men's Center, explained, "the 
self-help demonstration and 
guest speakers provided by 
Womencare are intended for 

woin~n only, but everyone is 
encouraged to attend all other 
events. Some of the presenta-
tions, such as the discussion of 
Politics of Health Care and on 
Campus Health Care, deal with 
Health Care in a general sense, 
and may be of particular 
interest to all." 

With the exception of the 
movie, " Taking Our Body 
Back," all activities during the 
week will be free of charge. For 
the movie there will be a 50 cent 
admission charge. 

The Naval Aviator 
llies tile plane. 

The laval Flight 0Ificer 
calls the shots. 

Flying is one of thc greatest challenges a man ca n face. 
But gelling a Navy jet or mult i-engine prop into th e air 
and down again is only part of th e job. 

That's where the Naval Flight Officer comes in. He' 
the man on the team who takes over when the plane is air-
borne and it 's time to see the miss ion through to its ult i-
mate succe s. 

As a Naval Flight Officer, you'll operate radar. naviga-
tion equipment. and the most advanced electronic y terns 
in the sky. 

The tools you'lI work with are ome of the mo t sophis-
tica ted ever developed . And most of them are classified. 

It's a demanding job. The qua lifica tions a re high. And 
the training i tough . You've got to be a college man to 
even be con idered . 

f'u l ifYQu're the kind of man" who can take a challenge 
like .hl in stride, you'll win more tha n just a Naval Fl ight 
Office's wings of gold. 

You' lI win a po~ition of respect and re~ponsibilily in the 
grelltest aval air force in the world . 

Interviews will be conducted 
at the UCSD praccment Office 

I by the Navy Information Team Nov. 9-10,9 AM-3 PM 
I 

See Your Placement Officer 
For further details 

or call 
LT John Chalker 293-6444 

Fly 
Navy 

"It is not tbe cboice of 
Women's Center to cbarge 
admission. We' don ' t feel 
students should be forced to pay 
for activities that they have 
already paid for througb 
regjltration feu. But the AS 
failed to provide any fundi for 
programinl of tbe week's 
eventa, tbouCII they did live UI 
funds for advertising. We were 
given an underwrite lortbe film 
and told to cbarge admission, " 
stressed Listrot. 

"Women'.,8 Health Care . 
Week, 88 wen as tbe Women' s 
Center itslef, is basically about 
general awareness rather than 
a specific poUticaL issue. In 
sponsoring this week of events 
we are trying to provide 
students, male as well as 
female, with Information that is 
important but not always 
provided from other sources," 
Listrot explained. 

The following events will be 
featured from Nov. 7-12: 

Monday: "Taking Our 
BOdies Back," 6: 00 in APM 
2113 . There is a 50 cent 
admission charge. 

Tuesday: "Taking Our Body 

Back, " will be shown again, 
1: 30, in the North Conference 
Room. Tickets for both show-
ings can be purcbased at the 
Student Center Box Office. At 
7: • in the Women's Center, Dr. 
Jackie wUson. a local physi-
cian, will discuIs "Alternative 
Health Care Methods. ,. 

Wednesday: Tbe re,ular 
Wedne8day night rap _ion 
will focua tbla week on Health 
Care. Tbis and eacb week at 
7: 00 in the Women's Center. 

Tbursday: "Nutrition and 
Health" a lecture by nutrition-
ist Vlcld Newman, 12: 30 in the 
Women's Center. Slides, 
speakers, and a self-belp 
demonstration presented by 
Womencare, e: 00 in the Revelle 
Formal LounJ(e. . 

Friday: A discussion of 
" Politics of Health Care" by 
Krsita Luker and Ann Bush, 
12: 00, North Conference Room. 

Saturday: Informal discus-
sion of Campus Health Care by 
Sharon Keating and Dr. Kripky 
of the Student Health Center, 
along with members of the 
Women's 11: 00, in the' 
North COlrtf,olrpn,f'P 

hare. your skills 
There's a lot to be done in America. If you're a senior with 
interests in social work or community relations, there's a lot 
you can do in VISTA. And, you ')) be doing a lot for yourself. 
Ask about one year assignments . November e. 9 AM-3l'M in 
the Career Planning and Placement office. Sign-up for an 
interview now. Or . . ca1l452-3750. 

,.. .... ,··l1li' .. '177 
Student Io.n ••.. 

(Coatiaued frem .... e I) 
loans becau.e of temporary 
sh«riages, wblle low incc:me 
Tl*d College students tecluent. 
1y have no need fo the p'owarn 
because their fees are paid 
dnctIy tll'ougb Financial Aid. 

"We WIlJIl to make ...-e that 
students have definite SCU"Ces of 
repa)'IDem," said Rose while 
spealrtng of the loan S<reening 
lI'oceII. WlcItIIr(m said that the 
natt.re of tbe emqency is also 
discussed, but the relative 
facility in obtaining a $50 
caab loan Is spoken fer by the 
fact that cbedts 1ft generany , 
issued 24 botrl afta'therequest. 

AccCl'dlnt to WlcUIrcm, she 
tries not tobnl anyone away if at 
all p08llble, b'ut tbat one 
advanta,e .of the J)I'OIr8JIl is 
·~bat It uncoven many ltudents 
wbo are habitually In need of 
flloney and wbo merit more 
extensive financial assistance. 
"We're maximizing th e 
efficiency of resources for 
students," she continued, citing 
one example of a student who 
simply needed to adopt a more 

aggressiv~ approach to ~etting 
a lob. 

la &lie doulb 
Statistics kept by Revelle 

Financial Aida reveal that d\l'ing 
the 1976-77 school year, 1735 
cash loans totalllng $112,000 and 
438 fee loans, totalling $92,000 
were granted . While th e 
maximlD1l fer cash loans was 
$100 the average amoun t 
received was $64 and the average 
fee loan nearly covered tuition 
costs at $210. 

" It is very awkward if we don 't 
have money available ona day to 
day basis," Hessinger satd, and 
although most repayments may 
have been made on tinetbua far, 
it will p-obably take up to two 
weeks be( ere they are p-ocessed 
tll'ough the accounting depart-
ment. Hessinger sees the 
situation as "stJlIldnd of tight," 
and cClmle~ that tbis type ~ 
"strai,ht service operation 

~ces a hUie w<rtload on the 
staff: 
staff." 

The advantages rI. tbe Ian 
p-0&f8ITl were said to be that 
students don' t know anyone 
Iran wbcm they can get money 
.as quickly with no imerest rate, 
according to Rose, and that "it's 
easier to baTOW Ircm us than to 
strain a friendship, " said 
Wickslrcm. 

,,.. Not.Ite, .. ,," triton time~ Pege3 

Solar energy usage 
wins new tax breaks 

by Mary Ellen Leary 
Pacific News Service 

With the enthusiastic support 
of Governor Jerry Brown, 
California Is on the verge of 
becoming the nation's first 
solar state. . 

Over 10.000 California homes, 
busineses and public and 
pri vate buildings soon are 
expected to be run partially or 
wholly on energy from the sun. 

"Solar energy is no longer a 
promise," says Bill Press, 
director of the governor ' s 
Office of Planning. " It's here . 
There are already important 
cost-effective applications for 
residences, and for commer-
cial and agricultural use." 

shot at the market:· 
ShariDI costs 

The new legislation , coupled 
with an expected ri s e in 
California's unusua lly low 
natural gas rates , should 
greatly . accelerate some 
tentative moves towards 
utilizing solar power that 
already have been made here. 

This wlll place California far 
ahead of Colorado, Florida, 
New Mexico. Wisconsin and 
other states that have been 
s e riously ex a mining ~ olar 
energy but have yet to act. 

l'--. ·· ...... ··"· ...... ·· ...... ·· ...... ·· ...... ·· ...... ··~· ....... ··-· 
• f 
!COMMUNITYf 
lBLOOD BANK! , . 
I 983 India ! 
! 327 F S t reet ; 
! PAYS DONORS ~ ( j 
, for Service ,~ 
l Mon . - Frl. ! 233,5481 , 
i 234-4601 : .~ .. ~._ .. _ .. ................... ~.~ ....... _.t 

PHOTO 
SUPPLIES 

Brown signed a bill in late 
Sept. allowing Californians to 
deduct 55 percent of the cost of 
installing solar heating devices 
from their state tax bills, up to a 
maximum of $3,000 over the 
next four years. 

" The stumbling block has 
been the initial price to the 
consumer," Press says. " The 
new law lets state government 
share over half.t~a t initial I'(lSt. 

(Continued on page 10) 
Lascious munchies are now available in Revelle Coffee Hut'. 
new pastry bar. 

The state Energy Commis-
sion estimates the new law, 
which Brown actively lobbied 
fo r , might enourage the 
installation of as many as 
170,000 solar units in that time. 

FL<.?~ • CINEMA 3 Now through Tues. Nov.8 Cinema2 
\110 .10 v ..... 1-5 .. 001_ 7111-_ 

Sea DIeID NootII c-y Kentucky Fried Movie DARKROOM SUPPLffiS 

If that estimate is correct, 
Calfornia will waive some $8.7 
million in taxes between 1977 
and 1980 - in effect, a multi-
mi llion dollar subsidy to 
develop solllr energy. 

I7HIIII 7IHII1 

Adults $2 SO. Sludcntl with 
Flow«tlult-fM,eounICoI.HJ. $2 ()(I 

Now Through Tues. Nov. 10 
Cinema 1 

Enter The Dragon 
with Bruce L .. 
and John Saxon 

Aated A 

Cinema 3 
-MacArthur 

', lied PO 

ehowtimes: 6:15, 8 4 ~ 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 
UCSOBudpt 

Numbers Accepted 

"Many technological advant· 
age s in our culture are 
su bsidized ," notes Peter 
Cathorpe of the state archi-
tect's office. " For many years 
so lar' power':' .. lacked an 
appropriate share of assis-
tance. Now it is getting a fair 

Rated A 

Showti",.: 6. 7:50. 9:45 Showti";;;;: 6. 7:50. 9:40 

Ask. a ba~ing question. 
Weill give you a full report. 
If you have a banking question you'd like answered, Bank of 
America is the place to come. 

In fact, we can probably give you a full report on the subject. 
That's because our Consumer Information Reports cover a 

wide variety of banking subjects. Including, "A Guide to Checks and 
Checki ng" which explains what you need to know about cashing 
and depositing checks, holds, and stop· payment procedures. We also 
offer Reports on: "How to Establish Credit:' "Ways to Save Money:' 
"Rights and Resp o nsibilities: Age 18" and more. 

And our Co nsumer Information Reports a re free at anyone 
of our branches. 

Of course, we 'have a variety of other ba nking services, as well. 

BANK OF AMERICA NUSA. MEMBER FDIC 

Like College Plan ~ Checking, Personal Choice Savings Plans, and 
if you qualify. Student BankAmericard '" Visa ~ and overdraft 
protection. But you can pick up our Consumer Information Reports 
with no obligation to sign up for anything. 

You see, we figure the more you know about banking, the 
more likely you are to bank with the bank that can do you the most 
good, both in school and after. . 

QUite a few Californians think that's us. And we're hoping yOu'll 
come to the same conclusion. 
Depend on us. More California college students do. 

BANKOFAMERICA 1ft 



....... triton times 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~Don'tpayttuckers~ 
burn the damn books 

ILetters to the Editor 

Lately I've been readiDl a lot about the UniversJty's proposal to 
move books from the Ubraries of the am,Uer campuses to the 
libraries of the lar,er campuses, namely those campuaes at 
Berkeley and Los ADlel •. Once at one of these reJlonal centers, 
the books wouJd 'be put into "cold storqe" and wouJd then be 
brou,ht out only when tbey were requested by students. 
Apparently, the admJnistration thinks that they wouJd save a lot of 
money by doiDl this. 
. They reason that since the books would be in "cold stora,e," the 
University could then layoff the extraneous library personnel on 
the various' 'nono-book" campuses and save countless dollars that 
would have otherwise been wasted by paying those people who just 

No-Nukes teach-in starts UC tour 
here Sunday with workshops, films 

sit around and thumb through reference books all day. This would 
'give the University even more money with which they could invest 
into corporations that are trying to help civilize those poor and 
struglling African countties. I think that the entire proposal is a 
very good idea and I think that the administrator who thought it up 
should get a cost of living raise. 

CalPIRG, The New Indicator 
Collective and the Clamshell 
Alliance of UCSD are sponsor-
ing a teach-in on nuclear power 
and nuclear weapons . The 
teach-in is the ' first stop in a 
University-wide tour. The tour 
is being coordinated by the UC 
Weapons Lab Conversion 
Project at Berkeley. 

The teach-in is being present-
ed to the students and faculty of 
UCSD in order to familiarze 
them with the Weapons Lab 

Conversion Project, which 
involves all UC campuses, and 
the dangers of a plutonium 
economy that affects everyone. 
This educational program will 
provide students and faculty 
with access to the leading 
authorities in varied areas of 
th,e nuclear question. 

The teach-in is sched41ed 
from noon until 6: 00 pm, 
beginning at Revelle Plaza with 
a rally, continuing with a series 
of workshops and films, and 

endin~ with a panel discussion. 

Daniel Ellsberg, known for 
leaking the Pentagon Papers, 
will speak on nuclear weapons; 
other speakers will include 
Peter Faulkner - author of The 
Silent Bomb, 

There will be workshops 
every hour on: Introduction to 
Nuclear Power, Alternative 
Energy, Radical Perspectives 
on Nuclear Power, Local 
Nukes, How to Become Active 
Locally , and UC Weapons Lab 
Conversion Project. 

Yet I can see how the deUvery of the books could cost the 
University as much as paying for the salaries of those lazy 
librarians . After all, what good is it to get rid of a bunch of truck 
drivers later on? My modes suggestion is that instead of moving 
the books all over the state, let's just burn them. I mean, it seems 
obvious to me that having books around just causes problems for 
the University's investment programs. Books just cost too much. I 
say that we should burn the books that no longer apply to 

, University life. 
I suggest that the first books to be burned should be the writings 

of Plato. I meen, Plato '.vas primarily concerned with beauty, truth 
and honesty - ideals that no longer have any bearing on the 
University of California. 

Scholarship av~ilable for K. Wally's 
governJllent-ffilnded students, Whereabouts 

I think the next works to be emolated would be those of 
Shakespeare. After all, everything Shakespeare tells us about 
human nature can now be easily manufactured in test tubes by our 
own genetic engineers. 

We shouldn't forget to dump the Bible into the flames. It's so out 
dated and irrelevant that I'm sure the copies we have just sit on the 
shelves. 

I suggest that we all can think up books that need to be gotten rid 
Applications for nomination for THE HARRY, S. TRUMAN 

SCHOLARSHIP award for the 1978-79 academic year are now documented 
available in the Student Financial Services Office . Harry S. . 
Truman Scholarships are awarded on the basis of merit to 
students who will be college juniors in the forthcoming academic 
year and who have an outstanding potential for leadership in 
government. Applicants must be preparing for a career in public 
service. 

Each scholarship covers tuition, fees , books, and room and 
board, to a maximum of $5,000 per year. One scholarship is 
awarded each year to a resident nominee in each of the 50 states. 

Students applying for nomination through UCSD must be U.S. 
Citizens and re'sidents of California. Their undergraduate field of 
study must permit admission to a graduate program leading to a 
career in government. . ~ 

Applications for Nomination are due NOVEMBER 11, 1977 in the 
Student Financial Services Offi ce, Q-013, Bldg . 214 , 
Administrative Complex. 

iullY~!i 
Prime Rib 

Dining 
At its Best 

La Jolla 
459·2768 

DelMar 
755·1660 

Mission Valley 
291·2665 

Learn a language. Discover a new culture. Find out about lire In one 
of 60 developing countries: Theirs . Yours. Peace Corps needs what 
you know about Industrial arts, business, French, home economics 
or math/science, Are you a liberal arts senior? We ne d you more 
than ever. 

Get to know more about us. November 8. 9 AM·3 PM in the Ca reer 
Planning" Placement Office. 

On page 7 of the October 31st 
issue of the Triton Times there 
was a request for information 
regarding the whereabouts of 
K. Wally. Let us take this 
opportunity to set thi~ issue at 
rest. 

of. Who these days reads Milton or Marx? When was the last time 
you read Dostoyevskyor Dickens? Confucius is just confusing. I 
think that it's getting pretty obvious by now that it's time to do a 
little spring cleanin~ in our lib~aries. 

Now reactionaries may be worried that my modest suggestion 
would cost the University even more money than the 
Administration's plan. The reactionaries might even reason that 
the costs of lighter fluid and matches might outrun the costs of 

, paying librarians to sit around all day. Not true, I reason. I've been 
K. Wally has been observed running tests in my back yard and I found that once the pages 

in a generally dormant state catch fire, the entire book soon becomes easily engulfed. 1 suggest 
inside the H-30's suite of Tioga that we even try to organize the procedure into community 
Hall, near the end ofth suite. By burnings-, say on the terrace over the central library. A nict! book 
day he can be found to be burning could be a good and inexpensive way to enliven the social 
hanging from his roommate's life here at UCSD. Perhaps when things really got going, we could 
upper bunk while at night he even dump a few of those damned bleeding heart liberal 
often leaves his lair to forage . If professors who just cause problems into the flames. But for 
one wishes to observe K. Wally insurance reasons, that wouldn't be possible until, later on. 
it is recommended that this be . . ' done soon. Otherwise, with the I smcerely do hope t.hat DaVid S~xon reviews my proposal. 1 say 
advent of winter quarter, he hereforalltoseethatlfhewan~,I d be glad to tell hlmmOJ:e about 
may isolate himself in hiberna- ~y p.lan, maybe.at lunch s0ll.letJ~e. Perhaps I could even mterest 
tion until fresh euyclaiptus can him m my solution to the ml.Donty student problem. 
be found in the spring. T.A. Jobnson 

We sincerely hope that in 
resolving this issue the UCSD 
campus and the community in 
general will cease to concern 
Jtseif with the disappearance of 
this distinguished Australian 
marsupial. Wally is alive and 
well, and living in Tioga. 

THE H-30's 
TIOGA HALL 

The Triton Times Is publ!shed by ucso students as the off icial stujlent newspaper. 
Publication Is on Mondays , Wl!I1nesdays and Fridays during the regul. school ye81 
(except on official holidays) . Editorial and bus iness offices are located In the Student 
Center at Ihe University 01 California, SatI DIego. For IIIIltor181 , call 45~; for business 
and display advertiSing , calI452-3~.. . 

Lellers 10 lhe editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissions must be typed 
and double-spaced on a 74·space line. They Should IIOtexceed 1. 112 pages In length. 

, Submi lled material must bear the name and student Identification number oIth ... thor. 
Names can be withheld from publication on request ; howe_the names will be held on file 
for pulJlic inspection . 

The Trilon Times reserves the riliht to edit submissions because of apace limltatlona or 
style requirements. 

• 
• Entire con tents copyright 1977 the Triton Times. 

~\' .. , 

The Eyes Have It 
Vivacious, Versati Ie colors 

Mix 'em mild ... Mix 'em wild 
You choose 

La Jolla 
aeauty Supply 
10 ~ PURl ST. LA JollA 

Mon,-Sot. 9;()O.5:OO 
4~9·0~~6 

PRECISION CUnlNG 
. SKINCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A complete Reclke. Sal_ 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
. RIght by l.II Joli. VIII •• Inn 

455-0680 10% DISCOUNT 
ON SlAVtCES 

(.. .. Uh ~t""'" Of ~acy"w 10 

~. Bring 'hie':. cO\IIlOn ~ 4 

,...,. No,.III' .,-1177 triton time8 

Winkler leaves "The Fonz" behin4, 
shines in sensitive new film role 

by Mark Stadler 
Ever since Henry Winkler took the nation by 

storm as The Fonz in television's Happy Days , 
he has said he does not want to become identified 
only with that character. He wants to be known 
as Henry Winkler, the actor who bappens to now 
be playing Fonzie but who will progress to other 
roles in the future . 

To that end, Winkler has starred in a feature 
motion picture called Heroes. It can be safely 
said that in Heroes Winkler is not the Fonz, 

What he Is, is excellent. As Jack Donne, a 
Vietnam War veteran, Winkler definitely 
establishes 'himself as an actor of depth and 
style . 

The film opens witb Jack entering a New York 
Army recruiting statton where an officer is 
telling several young men the sound of artillery 
more e}tciting than sex. Jack sits between the 
officer and his listeners and says, "I think 
you're a liar." He is hauled outside by the 
Officer, thrown in a police car and taken (back, 
as it turns out) to an Army hospital. 
Jack escapes from the hospital's mental ward 
and heads west, to meet three old army buddies 
from Vietnam. Together, as be explains to Carol 
(Sally Fields), the woman he meets on his bus 
trip to Kansas, the four men plan to lltart a worm 
farm and make a fortune . 

Throughout the film, Jack meets people who . 
are just slilhtly off-the-wall. Like the 'Would-be 
TV weatherman, whose gimmick is a 

v~ntriloquist's dummy which would help him 
gIVe the weather reports . Or Ken, (Harrison 

F~rdl. Jack's army friend in Kansas, whose 
mmd was evidently wracked in the war. Oreven 
Carol, who is on the bus four days before her 
wedding Is scheduled to occur, because she 
wants to be alone for awhile. 

These are people you and I probably wouldn't 
meet, especia lIy not in the space of several days. 
But is somehow seems natural for Jack to 
encounter them, because they fit into his 
sKomewhat off-key world. Director Jeremy Paul 

agan and screen writer James Carabatsos 
Sh~uld be commended for creating this cracked-
mh Irror world in which even Don Quixote would ave felt at home. 

Kagan and Carabatsos should also be 

commended for the pace of the film . The tension 
builds as Jack and Carol travel further west, 
and Jack finds his "mission," his worm fann 
scam, crumbling before his eyes. He flies into 
irrational rages, and Carol tries to comfort and 
understand him, as she falls in love with him and 
forgets ber marriage plans. 

More and more of the facts are revealed about . 
Jack in this fashion, until they reach the West 
Coast, Eureka, California, where Jack's (inal 
friend lives. And here, the tension breaks and 
leads to a stunningly powerful conclusion that 
should knock the socks off anyone with the least 
bit of sensitivity. 

The entire job of establishing this mounting 
tension so vital to film's success belongs to 
Winkler. The role of Jack is a tour-de-force, and 
entirely oppo,ite from Arthur Fonzarelli. Jack 
is a bundle of contradictions: both confident and 

his "mission" and unsure of himself, sensitive 
and incredibly thick-headed. In sbort, be is 
bum an, and Winkler makes sure he comes 
across that way. 

Sally Fields is excellent as Carol, the woman 
who takes the bus trip east-to avoid 
responsibility for a few last days before she is 
married, but who ends up totally attached to a 
man scarred by war. Harrison Ford, in a role so 
different from Han Solo in Star Wan, is good as 
the shell-shocked Ken. 

The Uni versal Pictures promotion 
department is hyping Heroes as a love story: 
"Finding the one you love is finding yourself." 
But the classification is terribly limiting. 
Heroes is also a war story, a horror story about 
what has happened to the soldiers who fought in 
Vietnam, the war we all seem to have forgotten. 

The major motion picture studios have shied 
away from films that deal in substance with 
Vietnam. Somehow, Heroes slipped past, and, in 
the end, is more successful as an off-beat war 
story than as a love story. Heroes is both funny 
and heart-rending, it's a beautiful and 
bittersweet look at real people, and it's one of the 
best films released this year. 

(Heroes, a Universal Pictures releas~, opens 
today at the Cinema Grossmont.) 

"Runaways" can rock 'em 
live, but LP is run down 

by Mikel Toombs 
""'e're the queens of noise 
Not just one of your toys 
Queens of noise 
Come and get it boys." 

The Runaways' first album 
was a hype that shouldn't have 
worked but did. Songwriter/ 
producer/hustIer Kim Fowley, 
ever on the lookout for new 
talents/no-talents , saw the 
"need" for a hardrock band 
made up of teenage girls. So he 
accumulated an unlikely 
assortment of Hollywod 
hangers-on and suburbanite 
surfer types, and the result was 
The Runaways. Given simple 
songs about rock 'n' roll, acting 
tough, druls and above all sex, 
the girls produced tight and 
just-as-simple rock 'n' roll with 
great energy and competence, 
if not finesse . It was good , 
trashy fun , and their utter 
seriousness in performing lines 
like "I want a kiss wet and 
real" or " I'm a blonde 
bombshell and I wear it well" 
only added to its appeal. 

Their second album was one 
step forward and two steps 
back . Co-produced by boy 
wonder engineer Ea rle Mankey 
and recorded at the Beach 
Boys' studios, Queens of Noise 
was .an -extremely slick 
production, but the intensity of 
the first album had dissipated 
somewhat and the group 
seemed distanced from their 
material. The production 
emphasized the simple yet 
catchy nature of the songs, but 
it also pointed up some of the 
band' s chronic weaknesses -
most obvious were guitarist 
Lita Ford's solos, which were at 
times as pointless as those of 
her idol Ritchie Blackmore, 
and vocalist Cherie Currie's 
superfluous Bowie cops . 
However, songs like the all-too-
appropriately-titled " Born To 
Be Bad " kept the album 
interesting and, with the 
exceptiQn of Ford's showcase 
" Johnny Guitar," consistently 
listenable. 

The Runaways were more 

satisfying live. Unable to hide 
behind Mankey's studio 
expertise, the girls had to really 
put out and they did. It was easy 
to overlook Currie's excesses 
and Ford's work seemed to 
make a lot more sense in a 
concert setting. But of course 
the Runaways were much more 
than a musical experience - on 
stage' they were no doubt the 
living embodiment of many 
males' (and some females') 
sexual fan tasies . Ford ; 
guitarist Joan Jett, decked out 
like a glitter queen; and Currie, 
who with her numerous needles 
costume changes seemed to be 
trying to prove her assertion 
that the Runaways were " no 
tits ' n' ass show," really didn't 
count. Instead it was bassist 
Jackie Fox and drummer 
Sandy West who conveyed the 
illusion of virgin Southern 
California suburban beauty 
that was at the heart of the 
Runaway's image. 

N ow Cherie Currie is gone 
and Jackie Fox ha!) been 
replaced by 17-year-old cutie 
Vicki Blue. With Joan Jett as 
their undisputed leader the 
Runaways have just made their 
worst album, Waitin' for the 
Night. Kim Fowley's return to 
rock 'n' roll production after his 
stab at MOR and Helen Reddy 
(a surprisingly good effort for a 
hopelessly lost cause) is 
successful but to no avail: the 
continued super·seriousness of 
Jett's vocals, combined with 
the declining quality of her 
songwriting, renderWaitin' for 
tbe Night almost unlistenable. 
Jett can't decide when to sound 
tough and when to sound pretty, 
so she just screams at random. 
She is under control only during 
the title song, but even then she 
seems bored and detached. The 
rest of the band is pushed into 
the background and they 
seldom emerge. 

Waitin ' for the Night is a 
good title for this album: the 
Runaways are a ti red band that 
obviously can't wait to go to 
sleep. 

Six Humphrey Bogart films 
preface Sacchi's one-man show 

The University Events Film Committee is presenting on 
campus a Humphrey Bogart film series, which begins tomorrow 
night. The six films are being sbown in conjunction with next 
Friday's performance by Robert Sacchi, a one man show entitled 
"Bogey's Back! An Evening With Humphrey Bogart." 

The movies will be grounded into three double features , with 
each being shown on two consecutive nights. 

The first two films, showing this Saturday and Sunday, are 
Casablanca and The Big Sleep. Casablanca (1943) remains as one 
of the most remembered films from Hollywood's great years. It 
was created from an unheralded and unproduced play , 
"Everybody Comes to Rick's," the story of an ex patriot cafe 
owner and the woman he once loved. Ronald Reagan, Ann 
Sheridan, and Dennis Morgan were orginally signed for the leads, 
instead of Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, and Paul Henreid. 

The Big Sleep (1946) is a hopelessly complicated and convoulted 
Philip Marlowe story, rewritten from Raymond Chandler's novel 
by William Faulkner, and directed by Howard Hawks. Lauren 
Bacall and Bogart are a perfectly matched pair with their 
cynicism and ironic wit. 

Monday and Tuesday nights will have The Maltese Falcon and 
To Have and Have Not. John Houston directed The Maltese Falcon 
and also ~rote the screenplay based on Di.tshiell Hammett's novel. 
This is ac\ually the third film version of the story following The 
Maltese Falcon or Dangerous Female \1931) and Satan Met a 
Lady (with Bette Davis, 1936) . The cast includes Bogart, Mary 
Astor, Peter Lorre. and Sydney Greenstrret as Gutman, "the Fat 
Man." . 

To Have and Have Not (1944) was lased on the novel by 
Hemmingway, and Howard Hawks and ~illiam Faulkner again 
collaborated as director and screenwriter. Bogart is once more 
supported by a m.ulti-natiollal cast of charact.er actors. and this 
was Lauren BacaU's film debu~. 

The films will be hown in USB 2722 on Saturday, Monday and 
Wednesday, and in TLH 107011 the alternate nights. Adml l{lD'is 
$1.00 per night , or a serie ticket which include " Bogey ' Back! " 
(normally $3.50/ $4.50) can be purcha ed for $5.00 UC D tudents, 
or $G. 00 gen~ral admis ion . 



..... tritOD times 

Ann-Mar 
in Richards 

by Jill Loaille Bazeley 
AI1I Writer 

The best thing about Tony Richardson's 
new film "Joaeph Andrews" is that it WJS 
filmed on location in England with 
scrupulous attention given to the details of 
both the environment and the none too 
pretty manners of the period. 

Despite the fact that Fielding originally 
set the story in London, Director 
Richardson elected to film the "in-town" 
sequences of lbe film in Bath, utilizing to. 
the fullest the Georgian architecture 
which is a feature long since departed 
from the London ,cene . Although the 
magnificent Royal Crescent, a semi-
elliptical terrace of 30 houses described as 
the "summit of palladian achievement in 
Bath," was built in Ule 1760s, Richardson 
chose No. 1 Royal Crescent as the 1747 
residence of the BQObys', Lady Booby 
being, appropriately, a brimming Ann-
Margret. The interior scenes were also 
~ ... -- filmed at No. 1 Royal Crescent, now a 

, small museum of 18th century interiors 
run by the Bath preservation Trust. The 
country estate, Booby Hall, was filmed at 
17th century Castleton House, while a 12th 
century inn just outside Bath served for 
the inn scenes of the movie. Most of the 
filming, however, was done out of doors at 
Ledbury, a small village, which doubled 
for all the small villages in the film . 

dirty, 
overdone 
they su~ 
hero, J 
Firth, 
behinds 
equally 
sporting 
beauty 
for her 
her-

"Jo 

A_-Margret aJHII Peter Firth .tar ia Toay Richanleo.'. __ film, "Joeeph Aadrewe." 

Interestingly, none of the technical 
accoutrements of the scenery are really 
very pretty - costumes are ripped and 

UNIQUE IN THE NORTHWEST 
THE ATKINSON GRADUATE SCHOOL 

OF ADMINISTRATION 
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY 

SALEM, OREGON 97301 

A Two-Year Master's Program to 
Provide the Educational 
Foundation for Careers In the 
Management of Business, 
Government. and Not-For-Profit 
Organizations. 
All interested students should see: 
Tim Nissen, Director 01 Admissions 
Wednesday, November 9,1977 
9 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Career Planning & Placement 
452·3750 
Information on Placement . Internsh ips. 
Curriculum and Financial Aid available 
on request. 

fun Produc'ions Presen.s ••• 

IIIN • NO" fi· • PM 
SAN DiEGO 

UO&'I'I ~1~1DI~·~"~!iiJ!r; j~ C;PQAT, .,,!,.. .. &1 liD ~O"GO G"" ,rOfll'" "9,." 0 
ALL SEATS RESERVED. 11.75. l.75. 1I.'i5(INCLUOES ~ING' 

AVAILABlE AT: ALL BILL GAMBLES MENS STORES. 
ALL ARENA TICKET OUTLETS. THE SPORTS ARENA TICKET OFFICE 

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: (714, 224 .. 1711 

Ionesco's "Exit the King" 
stars Flanagan at the Globe 

Donny 
sweetn 

by Jill Louise Bazeley 
Arts Writer 

Now that the Old Globe Theatre is making it a habit to feature by Tim Mackenzie Arts Editor guest equity artists in theirusuaUy non-professional winter season Image. Without one, you could 
an interesting change is occurring. The actor becomes the demi attend talent auditions until Hell 
god and the director must then content himself with twiddling his freezes over and never get a job in 
thumbs or writing inane production notes. show business. Tbe entertainment 

And so it is with Eugene Ionesco's "Exitthe King, " atthe Carter world is one field of endeavor in 
Center Stage for a five week engagement. Guest artist Neil which genuine talent can go forever 
Flanagan is quite obviously ringmaster and with a bravado of unnoticed . You need more than 
talent, intelligence and energy overwhelms any pretenses about talent. You need a favorable image. 
directing that Kevin Tighe might have had. Indeed, it seems as Or at least an image that will sell 
though Tigtle must have taken the wrong exit and only you. 
accidentally ended up at the Carter instead of on the Which brings me to Donnie" 
" Emergency" soundstage. Marie and the rest of the Osmonds. 

Neil Flanagan's superb portrayal of the dying King Berenger they are undeniably world-wide 
the First is adequately supported by Ann Matthews gUileless superstars, a result 01 that 
Queen Marie, while Bette Laws as the doomsday Queen cQmbination of genuine talentanda 
Marguerite and S. James Gorrard as the grim reaperesque commercial, middle-of-the-road 
Doctor, surgeon, executioner, bacteriologist and astrologist do image. The Osmonds are a talented 
little to detract attention from these two fine performers. commodity and they hav.e been 

lonesco's "Exit the King" and Flanagan present us with an very successfully marketed. Their 
existentialist, nihilistic view of life and dying where the tear of appeal seems to lie somewhere 
death, not death itself, dominates and destroys the world.lJlrector between that of Paul McCartney 
Tighe says, however, that it "it a roguish farce with stock and Pat Boone, mixing sugar· 
commedia characters thrown into a world of our own creation." It coated pop with a down-home, 
may be a farce. straight and clean appearance. 

Costumes, chosen by Dianne Holly, are as usual, from the The entire Osmond family (sans 
Globe's immense stockpile. Had I seen "Timon of Athens" this . Jimmy) wason hand for last week's 
summer I could have told you exactly how many hundreds of years show at the Sports Arena, where a 

(Continued on page 10) 

THE 
BULGARIAN QUARTET 
Beethoven: Quartet No.5 in A minor, Op. 18 
Kurklflrisky: Quarret No. I (/960) 
Brahms: Quarter No. I in C minor, Op. 51 

T_""",,':.""' __ 
UCIOII_C_oI_OftIr)'UO O.A.,T.IO 
.. _ Clnel. ~_. 0_ a -... Ant Trio) " .00 

Tldlo'" UCIO 10. ~. 4&, ..... 

TIcket 

4,1177 triton times --_. 
Concert Scene rs as 'Lady Booby·'· 

raucous new film Outlaws to hold up gym tonight 

.. is a hilarious 
'il'hlmllion·s earlier film 

is more tacky . The 
a phallic fixation , 
one at that. For 

it might seem 
~< n.nv.'m.lUll . The story 

in my opinion, is 
good triumphing over 

Firth, as Joseph, is sufficiently innocent 
and naive to repel Lady Booby's advances, 
but his devotion to the kitchen maid, 
Fanny, seems to stem not from moral 
rectitude but from being too stupid to 
realize that all the women trying to seduce 
him are indeed trying to seduce him. A 
Tony Award nominee for his role in 
"Equis," Firth in "Joseph Andrews" does 
little but star~ incoherently, except, 
perhaps, when he he is kicked in the 
crotch. (But that's nothing - everybody 
gets kicked in the crotch in this movie.) As 
Fanny Goodwill , 17. year-old Natalie Ogle 
uses a similar tactic - she stares sweetly 
and innocentt>'o 

Likewise, Ann-Margret's performance 
is uninteresting , but minor characters 
Michael Hordern as Parson Adams and 
Beryl Reid as Mrs . Stipsop (Malaprop's 
grandmother) put in a somewhat better 
show for themselves , and the film is 
graced by a cameo performance by John 
Gielgud. 

A character to interest literature 
students (who know how Joseph Andrew's 
stay in Bath parallels the Biblical Joseph's 
visit to Egypt) is Pamela, Joseph's sister, 
played by Karen Dotrice. Tony 
Richardson's Pamela is exactlyasinsipid 
and shrinking as the character in Samuel 
Richardson's " Pamela ." It is really only 
here that the director does justice to the 
novel - not to Fielding's " Joseph 
Andrews," mind you, but to "Pamela." 

November promises u>,')e an 
extremely hectic month for the 
San Diego concert goer. 

The Outlaws and Point Blank 
are appearing tonight at the 
UCSD Gym at 8: 30 pm. Tickets 
are available at the Student 
Center Box Office. 

Baritone Stuart Larson will 
be giving a recital tomorrow at 
8 pm in the Mandeville Recital 
Hall. He will sing works by 
Caccini, Carissimi, Durante, 
Mozart, Schubert, Schumann, 
Wolf , Mahler and Ravel. 
Pianist Peter Kairoff will 
accompany. 

Parliament-Funkadelic 
bring their space show to the 
Sports Arena tonight. Special 
guest stars are the Blackbyrds. 

The Steve Miller Band is 
coming to the Sports Arean 
Sunday night with the Norton 
Buffalo Stampede. 

Wayland and MadamewilI be 
at the Comedy Store in La Jolla 
this Monday and Tuesday. 

Robert Sacchi brings his 
incredible one man show , 
Bogey 's Back, to the Mande-
ville Auditorium on November 
11 at 8: 30 . 

Da ve Brubeck and hi s 
quartet will appear at the Fox 
Theatre November 13 at 8. 

arle - that down-home 
lIs a couple of superstar talents 
audie nce consisting of 

parents and grandparents 
med the concert into 
g of a family event. 

have a tendency to 
the performer(s), and 
& Marie Show, San 
was no exception. The 

was enthusiastic and 
definite change from the 

loadies that 
the Arena. 

n, devoid of the 
rt conditions. I even 
going out into the 

they wanted to smoke a 
I wonder if it will be like 

Aerosmith? No one was 
stoned, and I was kind of 
that the Osmonds wouldn't 

sell beer. My f~ars 
l/ounded. fortunately. . 

ha vi ng witnessed an 
ds ha ppening before, 
I was not going to fill my 

any childish predlspo-
concerni ng the family. I did 

if any black people 
in the audience. but the. 

- - --- -

'. 

only black gentleman I saw there 
was selling programs. 

Anyway , back to the show. 
Trusting nothing to luck, the 
Osmonds found one of the most 
banal, MOR bands in Meunch 
(pronounced munch), to open the 
concert. Meunch is composed of 
four brothers, and they played 
recycled top 40 material and a lot of 
old Beatles numbers: Very,average 
at best, Meunch would be a big hit at 
a junior high school party. But the 
most amazing thing was that the 
audience really seemed to like 
them. They clapped when the band 
asked them to, and screamed in 
unison when the band left the stage. 

By the time Meunch had left the 
" stage, I was starting my second 

beer while a balding father of two 
sitting next to me was finishing his 
fourth . He gave me a look, a kind of 
"what are you doing here?" look. I 
really didn't care, but started 
quaffing my beer to the sounds of 
Abba coming over the sound 
system. 

By the time I had left the Arena , I 
had developed a healthy respect for 
the first family of music. The 
Osmonds were extremely compe-
tent and professional, singing well 
while moving about in perfectly 
choreographed motions. Their 
gleaming white rhinestone outfits 
made them look like candidates for 
sainthood. The special effects were 
the equal of any "rock" show 
spectacular, especially the video 
outtakes from the Donnie" Marie 
television show. 

The pacing of the show was as 
good as everything else they did. 
Though the brothers seem to take a 
back seat to Donnie" Marie with a 
rather perfunctory role, they still 
getinto "Down By The Lazy River" 
with fervor . The suddenly in-vogue 
Marie hustled through costume 
changes and did "Paper Roses, " 
but it was up to Donnie to inevitably 
make the show a success. Every 
indication is that he will become his 
generation's Elvis. 

- in concert -

The Outlaws 

plus special guest 

PdntBlank 
T ..... '. 1:",,,.. VCSD GYM 
UCSD _.uden._ [In adllanceJ .... 50 
G.A. & a. ;'oor[7:30 p.m. on[ 15.50 
Tlclce.s: UCSD box office [452-4559] &-Tlckefron Ou,'ets 
[No "IIIows or 'aUln chaIrs] 

Give Your Nails 
A Hand 

Salon manIcure polish Perfect Nail (MIl hardener) $2 69 
80 beautiful colors $1.49 S,licone Shield $1. 99 

L'Oreal Polish (Prof. SIZe) 79C Andrea Naa Wrap & Rep.", kit $2.99 
Faberge Ceramic GJaze'$1.69 ExquISite Nail \nIIIl mender·) $2,29 
Delore . for strong beautiful 5 second na~ glue $1.59 

nails $4. 19 

PLUS 
JUlian and Eyelur •• rtificial Mils and Lee nail buikhng kIt 

"' .. a.outy Supply 
757 ~ - 459-07U 

.. 1M Vilago PIoz .... h 1M Soup Eochongo 
Fr .. 

• • • • 

A TTEN,TION ALL MEN! ! ! 
NOW/ / / 

ExclUSively At 

THE FITTING ROOM 

Only s 13. 99 III 
5117 Univer.1ty AYe. 

(Nexi door 10 Cinerama Theatre ) 
287-9160 

HRS Mon·F" 109 Sot: 10·6 Sun ' 12·5 
..--....................... .. 



..... triton an ,.., ........ ., ... ,177 

, 

XErX . Armatrading Slays HeavY Metal Lyny~ard CO IES The trouble with tbIa modem, technicaUy efficient world we 

1~~. live in is that the mecbanisms take balf the fun out of life. This is also reflected in the music on todaY'1 contemporary scene; thinp just aren't that new or excitiq anymore. 
minimum Don't get mewroDl, thougb. [ 

~ [[J3'f ~~ :1 like Fleetwood Mac as much as the next pe~n. But no way are they innovative. As for the rest 
1101 Sidl A_ duplk* .. of the rock music world, they 
231·1171 are all mired down to some 

extent with beavy metal sledge 
OPEN 7:30 • • m . • 10 p.m. "·F 

. and redundancy, and every-s. .... ,. • SunNy.,N 
tbing they tbink is new or 
excitinl is really just a 
continuation of past policies. In 

PRO-STEPPERS 
Ifall Jamborn" 

Adidas Toqrnament All. $24.11 Now. $1tll 
RId. ....... 1IIII1Ivy SIIIII ....... SlIM 

Adldas RuIIn. (old style) All- $37.11 low $27.11 
...... 2 ...... RIIIIIq'" 

Adidas Sl 76 All- $31.11 1ow.$25. II 
Superb RIIIIIq Flat 

Adidas Superstar II All. $24.11 Now $16.11 
New Allidas A. T.5. (9-15) Wannups 

TIll fIIIIIt tInnIs .... ftIIIIII; III coIIrI $82.. 
PRO-STEPPERS 

1M2 CIairImont Mesa Blvd. 292.00&4 
2504 EI CIIIIino Rill, CartIbId PIm 72H871 

10 ......... 

. Madame Nancy 
Natural Born Psychic 

Indian Readinqs 
Advice and gUidance given to those troubled by 
indecision and personal problems. All questions 
answered. . 

Past Life Readioqs Given Also 
Phone 1l60-1l71S 

other words, lite sol1l remains atmosphere of today's music 
the same. sceoe. Skynard I always thoUlht it might be a Annatrading bas more of a 
little more interesting if cult foUowiOl than anytbinJ tribute contemporary rock and POft elBe in tbIa country, altboulb music could vary just a IitUe b t sbe il reputed to be more 
from electric guitars and. appreclatedona~intemational 
cocaine/let's bave fun and boff scale. Butiflhedoean'tmakeit It is always taddest when 
,irll themes. Since music big here, it means there it people are atruck down in the 
reflects the cultures it <!Ornes probably no hope for our prime of tbeir lives, and 
from, I figured that there must soc!:r' Her music is inter- Lynyard Skynard is no excep-
be more to life than thiI for our pre ai only she could do It, tion. Despite an excellent track 
musicians. with flawless expression and record as the leaders of the New 

Enter Joan Armatrading. yes, emotion. Her musical South's rock and roll, including 
Show Some Emotion is a personna can cbange to fit any such landmark tunes as "Free 
spectacular among this year's mood or feeling, represented by Bird" and "Saturday Nigbt 
releases. It is different. It is such diverse songs as "Oppor· Special," the Skynyrds were 
inspiring. It is like a breath of tunity" and "Woncha Come On just beginning to realize their 
fresh air in the stagnant Home." . full potential. 

Phillips: Uninspired Victim 
Michelle Pbihlps is a more 

talented indi vidual than this LP 
indicates. 

Phillips will undoubtedly look 
back on 1977 as a very success-
ful year for her, which it 
certainly will be. She is being 
presented to the public as a 
multi-media star, transcending 

from music to the sHver screen 
with Nuryev in Valentino. Her 
screen role isglvinf her plenty 
of publicity , inc uding the 

expec~ PI4yboy pic~rial. 
And I bet that havlDg a 
boyfreind like Warren Beatty 
doesn't hurt, either. 

Besides the torchy lost-love 

o( reason (or esistence . If that 
seems harsh, it is only because 
I hate to see talented individua 
Is waste their time giving the 
public something as 
meaningless as this. 

And if Victim of Romance is 
themes of Victim of Romance, 
the album is devoid of any kind 
uninspired, it must renect 
ultimately "from Phillips' lack 
of inspiration . After all, sbe 
probably didn't need the bucks. 
The best trac.k on the album is 
her rendition of the Bee Gee's 
"Baby As You Tum Away," 
whcih is a reflection on the song 
more than her interpretation of 
it . 

What makes this album 
inaccessible is the stiffness of 
Phillips' voice . Whether sbe 
always sings like this is a 
mystery to me. If she does, she 
could consider taking a few 
belts of Chivas before going into 
the studio. Otherwise, she 
might have to be content to rest 
her laurels with The Mamas 
and the Papas. 

Despite the stiffness in her 
vocals Phillips can still hit the 
notes. With a IitUe direction 
and inspiration this little lady 
could be a dynamite 
This I say while trying to ignore 
this ultimately forgettable 
album. 

0NE AND ONE HALF DAY COURSE OFFERED 
IN SAN DIEGO: NOVEMBER 19, 20 

UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO, SCHOOL OF LAW 

AT HOME WITH HOMECOOKIN' 
IN A LIVING ROOM ATMOSPHERE 

SPECIALS 
ROAST CHICKEN 

TUITION $75.00 

For m ore informatio n, caIJ o r w rite: 

i:Bl!i 
~ 
METHOD 

1323 . ~ 'ond Avenu !. San Diego. A 92 10 1. 7 14-23&0623 

Presented by Harcourt Brace Jovanovic h Law Group 

UR 
RI 

SAT 

Fresh Vcaetablcs 
Soup It Dumplings 

VEGETABLE CASSEROLE 
. Melted Monty Cheese 

SHRIMP-SANTORINI SAUCE 
Brown Rice 
GOURMET NIGHT 

reservation 
Soups Sa"'" Sandwiches 
Open dl9 - 436-5058- Cloted Mon. 

1951 San EUjo An., Cardiff - 1 block North of VORl 

triton times 

, "# • 

The Lowest Prices 
00· Records & Tapes 

S uoty • 10 
.ch 

AL 
ning N 

t I 

Everything 
All Cassette & 8 
You no longer have to wait for a to go on sale to buy it. 
Everyone else's sale price is now our every day price. 
Check our back wall for special prices on new releases. 

Come in and see our complete stereo room 
featuring quality cODlponents 

a~ cODlpe~itive p~ices. 
Lay-Aways Available - Wf3 Have Excellent Credit Terms 
Available For Christmas. Buy Now - Don't Pay Til March 
Plan. 
We Have Excellent Credit Terms Available 
Take Advantage of Our Buy NOW - DON'T 
PAY Till MARCH PLAN. 

M-F 10-9; Sat. 10-8; Sun 11-5 

PLAZA WEST 
158 SO . SOLANA HillS 
Southwest Corner of 1·5 
and lomas Santa Fe Dr. 
(Across from Vons 
next to K-Martl 

AUDII 

-

- -

pege. 



. . . . . . . . . . . Elections ... CHRISTIM SCIENCE 
CAMPUS COUNSELORS 

help an)lOl1e seeking an un· 
derstanding of. God's laws and 
how they can harmonize human 
experience. This Science is based 
on the Bible and Scien(» and 
Health with Key to the Scriptures, 
by Mary Baker Eddy. Counselors 
at UCSO: Paul Hofflund and Anne 
HofflW'ld. 45]·5217. 
.' . . . . . . . . . . 

Redford, Nicholson, Streisand, De Niro 
together for the first time 

in the same ad 

LA JOLLA 
VILlAGE ORIYl 

AT 
CENESEE AYE 

Pacific Pre-Law 

Conference 

Tues. Nov. 8, 1977 

Revelle Plaza, 12 noon-4:30 pm 

Representat ives from approximately 40 law schools will be at UCSD to provide 
students with informat ion about their law schools and toanswerquestions . Mos(of 
the California law schools will be represented as well as Yale. Georgetown. Boston 
U .• Gonzaga. SI. Louis. Puget Sound. Tulsa. Washington University. Willamette. 
Case Western Reserve, Georgia. Northwestern. New York law School and Temple. 
All students interested in going to law school should take advan tage of this 
opportunity. 

(CnnUnUf'd from pal{P. 1 ) 
' ,lIiean "', IYS he;g running to 

fill lhe third diSlrict seat being 
vacated by Lee Hubbard 
because " I've worked in 
government before , helping 
people with th... Jl"oblems. I 
found It rewarding, cballenging 
and exciting and I'd like to 
continue doing it. It's not yow-
typical, bmng nine-to-fivejob." 

Lowery says, " I'm a business-
man and p'oud of it. But I love it 
here and that's why I'm putting 
aside my business fa-a possible 
stint on the City Council." 

The two ca ndidates , in 
separate interviews, did not 
indicate much disagreerntn on 
the rruija- issues of the cam· 
paign, which include growth in 
San Diego, <rille and Jroperty 
taxes . 

Suppcn wowtb conlrol 
.They both say they supp<rl 

drectini wowth in the city to 
established areas where facilities 
already exist, however, neither is 
enthusiastic about the Freilich 
Plan , a managed growth 
proposal that would place 
p'imty on developnents in the 
established areas of the city, and 
discourge it in the outlying 
regions. 

Millican says he opposes the 
Freilich Plan because it will 
fa-ce developers to build in areas 
where land costs ma-e rather 
than in the outlying areas where 
it is less expensive. This would 
mve ·the cost of housing up, 
acca-ding to Millican. 

20th (lNIURHOX Plesenls 
A RICHARD ROTH Presenlallon 01 A FRED ZINNEMANN Film 

.JANE fONOA VANESSA REDGRAVE 
I..---~------JULIA -----------' 

~l~Jlng JASON ROBARDS HAL HOLBROOK I 
ROSEMARY MURPHY and MAXIMILIAN SCHELU~hann' 

DliectelJ by ProolJceO by Screenplay iii Based UlXH\the Siory by 
FRED ZINNEMANN RICHARD ROTH ALVIN SARGENT 'LILLIAN HELLMAN 
PG ' •• TAI. GUIWn 8lJ&IlSTIO" GEORGMEuSsicOlliELERUE PRINTS BY DelUXE ~ 
........... _ .. ,_.""' .... "'" C 1977 20th Cenlury· Fox L ... J 

NOW SHOWING AT 

FASHION VALLEY FOUR THEATRES 

In addition, MWiean feels the . more officers on tbe streets. 
Freilich Plah would allow Taxes 
development in undeveloped As far 88 city' taxes are 
areas of the city such as the concerned, both candidates feel 
canyons, which should remain the way to lowS' tbsn is to cut 
undeveloped. govermlent spending. Lowery 

says city depar1ment managers 
Lowery is undecided on tbe should be directed to be mere 

Freilich Plan. He says he wW concerne4,.with saving money in 
need to have detailed repcrts OD thei" budgets than with spending 
the envirormental and econ<mic all their allocated monies in an 
mpact oftbe plan befa-e he can effort to receive a larger 
decide whether or not he allocation in the next year. 
suppcrts it. Millican is ma-e pessimistic 

Both candidates say the way about the City Council's ability 
to reduce crime in the city is to to cut city Jroperty taxes. He 
place more police officers on says city government only 
the streets . MiUican believes spends 15 percent of the 
more officers should immed- . collected Jroperty· tax money, 
iately be added to the city police and "so if the city goverrment 
force which he characterizes were to go out of existence 
as "u'nderstaffed." t<m<rrow it wouldn't substan· 

Lowery says the police force tially reduce Jr0pErty taxes ." 
should institute a system of Millican does suggest one way 
tape recording reports rather to cut govenment spending. 
than having officerS write The city he !laYS, spends too 
them . He says offiCers now much money on study repcrts. 
spend 25 percent of their time .. As a social scientist, I could 
writing reports and that telIwhenarep<rlisneededandif 
recording the reports would: a sutmitted repm is ~ny good. 

~lInw a lIavin~s of time 11.,,· That could save the city a lot of 
would place the equivalent 0.20 money," he says. 

Brown ... 
(Continued from page 3) 

We think the public will 
respond." 

Both new construction and 
the refitting of old homes are 
included in the subsidy, as are 
condominiums, apartments 
and businesses . But the 
greatest number of solar 
devices are expected to be 
installed by new home develop-
ers, who can use the low cost of 
solar (after' installation) as a 
selling point, and at the same 
time benefit from the subsidy. 

Utility industry experts 
share the Brown Administrll-
tion's confidence that the new 
law will result in an immediate 
demand for solar systems. 

"Incentives are necessary 
to carry the public over its 
initial reluctance," says Dr. 
John Cummings, director of 
solar operations for the 
industry-sponsored Electrical 
Power and Research Institute 
in Palo Alto . " The current 
cost of solar installation has 
proven to be higher than the 
market will accept. Govern-
ment's sharing of that cost is 
necessary to gain widespread 
acceptance." 

The actual expense of 
installing home solar systems 
is still open to debate, however. 
So far , costs have ranged 
widely . 

(Continued OD pale 12) 

~Exit ... (Continued from page 6) 
separated the 'periods of Queen Marie 's and Queen Marguerite's 
costumes. If Queen Marie's dress /is not 20th century "Timon of 
Athens" it harks no further back than Louis XVI while-Queen 
Marguerite is ostensibly clothed Tudor, though a French queen . 

But in lonesco, what is a little discrepancy? The.author makes 
no bones about King Berenger having lived for hundreds of years 
as a sort of Everyman, so who cares if he got his nighty in one age, 
and his velvet robe in another? What is important about the 
costumes is their symbolic colorings: red for life, gray {or death 
and blue {or the unfathomable. n ' s that simple. 

The surrealistic set was designed and hansomely painted gray 
by Russell Redmond. Its only flaw is the "central heating" that 
looks more like a drain. At first I thought it was a drain, "Oh, I like 
that drain the middle of the set," I said to my friend, "it's so 
existential! .. As a radiator it proved to be not quite so existential 
after all. 

UC San Diego University Events Office in cooperation with thE 
Inter-campus Cultural Exchange 

PRESENTS 

New Orlean's 

Otrabafl(la C011lPaflY 
in the Nation<Science Foundation sponsored 

GLASS 
8 phantasmagoric guided tour "'rouCh history to see how glass 

has revolutionized our lives. 

November 17, I : 00 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Students: '3.00, G .A . ... . 50 

" ... A Shining success! .. Washington Post 

Tickets: UCSD Box Qrfice, 4S2-4558 

,..., ....... 11., .. 1177 triton time8 
..... 11 

= 

tritontimes classifieds THE LA JOLLA FLOWER SHOP n:94 Fay Avenue 459-290~ 
·IIFI.III 

.. _ -. .. UIlID • • _ 10 urt • 
P"nle...., .. _ . c.II Jim __ CII/41 

A ... ,.""'"Y _s. ~nCaribbe"""'1 
iI ........... _ .. 11M . ...... 5111...,. (11/41 
T' ..... : 1111 SIoc1ric: .... _n. -. ..... D., 

-~' __ """jo/Jo · __ ,"171, 
--· ( .... 1 
C~ __ wltII..,.._. __ _ 
bab, . E8.1I •• or Nortl •••• '.r. Europ ••• 
blcq,OIIIICI. pr.,., •• I, of ••• ,. .. or .bo •• 
"'Ie"_ IIId OItnctI..,. 1_ .... , ... ad 
............. All _ .. """~. P.O . .... 
1171 W Jolla. calli. _ . (11111) 

C ........... -'. __ IOriH ...- Dorid 
K_I .. "V..w 11_ Ie .... ' UaI\y: CIIiJa 
1m-7:l. TIoa ... ,N"". I. tpmTLHIUoIlweioome. 
(11111) 
To tilt POET . ... U ,... .. or ... _ ,...,... Ie 
_ ..... tIIIo-.,~_?II,.. 
- \0 -- _ ......... __ • Plaut 
jl ... - ........ -,.. .... ·_-.1aoI yn. rwI~· Ha .... _""""" .... __ 
iI ... 1ft. Y ..... _ 0.. PS ..-01IIII 
"",; I·m_e. 

TYPING _ lIartl,.._1d Uloe \0 IIdftU ),ourtypial 
i*do _ upen ............. 11M IBII . CaUI1N7II· 
(11111) 

Typiot WI_ occa_ ..... Itn. _.-1 M.IIM> 
.... LoI ... ..,.,e,...-. (11m 
14 .. 1. YGlUIIIftn 11 , .0. or older 10 p.utlcipete ia 
expiri"",111 \0 ........... I .... YGI_. P., ... 
Call PuImonory IlepartmeoI, V.A 1Ioopi1l1, 451-
7500 x35f I. ( 1117) 
Earn willie Y'" loam. All Iota' I Corp _ you lor 
txpanaion. No experitoot _ry • _ 
potenU4I! unlimited. C.Uolf~W~Z412. Homet16-
9447 (11m 
c .... paid lor eolna. dOl. rilII'. ,. .... Iry, den"'l 
.old. IlerUna. 1IId pre I.., U.s. SiJoercolaa. ~n 
755-7:171. CIIIII 

Sundlty, Nov. 8-8:00 p.m. 
aVic THEATRE 

--~­................ 13.10 
-_ .............. 

--.. __ tely! -_OIhome ' DO 
e.,.rince DK .... r'J • •• ceU •• l p.y. Write 
"-Ie.. ........... _ Part !.Me, Sulte _ , 
n.J .... ,-. .... 7lU1 (111141 

IIEDlCAL IICHOLAIISIIIPS. TIoa N .. y II _ 
~1IdI",,,,,,,,-"""'''U.I . ..-. 
_, .............. _ ................ . 011 
__ ...... .1'" (WI) 

CoIIoIIaW RDEAIICd PAPERS. ,_ OIl 
file. All _= ~. _ ..... lor mall 
............. Box _II-Z. LaeAlllolN.CaUl._ 
(DII m-MN. (11_) 
TYPING! lBII8oIoctri<: IMm ......... _ , PbD. 
_" ...... adkiIrp. RUIII.I08I · _ . _ 
1171, __ , _ ..... C&II) 

ED:CUTrVJ: II:CIlI:TAIlY wW tit _1YPiIII OIl 
1BII_.~r-__ . (11111) 

"""·toIla>rrec:tlooI IBII aeIecUtc term _n 
tIIooMo • ..., . ........-. aJ· ... e--,.. (&lltl ' 
TYJOIari - Eaparjeooced. _ ..... IBII. call 
1DJlImo • .um. II ... OIdo (W2) 
SCHOLARSHIPS: M.l_, Pby.I ••. Cbeml.lry , 

~--. IIId atIItr ""'-:ea. I"uU tuliIoa, ,_, 
phl.. ,IM/moDlh. Summer em ployment with 
__ ty lor _lr •• e! . For mort Information 
coli : ENS Glry Moore (714) __ CCoiledl 
(tlIII • 

. Reflew _! For mati> _. ,roup. 
_~lr.la. AayqllOlllool .. _red, or" back. 
_._1117. (11/4) 

Irani ., 
InlUDatJooal travel low coet Oipt, 10 Europe, 
1araeI. Africa I .... I ... lIudenl 10 card 41.1 W. 
V.ltDCIa Dr. Suite I Pullerton IN.12 71U'70-1031. 
(lI/il 

IIOOK ON CAMPUS: Europe . Haw.U and N .... 
Vort Ol.rte< FllCht.l . CIEE Studen, Tr ••• IStudent 
Ceator _ Optn IIWP" 1·$ call 4~_. (&III) 

"'lIla 
LodJo. med aJlOlltlJackel.nd apr ... kJ botU •• both 
, ..... ODd In tx<:elleal_lion. m .... CaU ... 
- (JlI7) 

I. Hcobie C.l·lroi .... ODd .. Ita incl'-. Ir.In.GOd 
_ .... WIII .. 11 lor _ call Bruce. 4I1~. 
(11m 

lItod HRP Sl<la 11Icm. Look , ... al hindi .... both 
.. wll5I. Holrio ... -... Xlenl • • 1 •• 111 / 2 f3S. _ 
.13 ( 11 111) 

Ski b()oc.&..Nordica u tral racer boou used • few 
II ...... They coa' me 1155. New . Wliloell ror " . 
SIuIO. Call BruceaI4l1·m7 (1117) . 

NUTRILITE VITAMIN· MINERAL DIETA RY 
FOOD SUPPLEMENTS conlainin, planl 'OW'co 
CO"<contrate. Call452·7Sl9 (1119) 
The SIt 'v,' Mille,' B.Uff. r ... tunu. to ~o.In we.,\,! Don't 

.. mill it . • lb row un lhe lluul Dc M orr"r -45:i· 114S 
(1114) 

Immigration Law 
Daniel W. Henry 

Attorney at Law 
Associated with 
. Law Offices of 
Otto F. Swanson 

Los Angeles 
625 Third Ave. 
Chula Vista, CA 
(714) 425-0820 

737 Pearl, #201 
La JoUa, CA 

(714) 454·9446 
Se Habl .. Eepenol-

Fa" Portuguea 

Honda Motorcycle IWI. -.. Only 7,200 mil .. 
ell:cellent c ODdltlon , Includel IWO belmell , 
cruhbar, lualle racll and baclcre.t. ... t.alln 
all Call 741·31» morn/nil. (Eocoodklo) (11ft) 

Stereo con.le. AM/"II w/ tumllble. MediI«. 
,. ..... atyle. " .11>0.1 oller. 4.U.f'7lt CllIt ) 

DIAMOND ENGAGEMENT. WEDD[NG RINGS: 
Up \0 _ diJcooaDl to .1iIdetI"'. /OCIdt)' • • tau. 
-pie. I .. ct. ... IA ct. Pl5. 1 ct. fltI .. bylMlYiDl 
direct from 1eadI ... diamond importer. For color 
.ltaIoI _ II \0 SMA DIaIMnd I_nen. IDe. 
Box a , F ... wood. N.J. __ (i.edk:.te Dame 01 
•• bool l or e.n (2121 IU·U" ror IOCllioD 01 
_room ... _ you 11111) 

UUIIo TIclIeII 01\ .... DO"'. Al lhe box office. SkI 
TbaIWfl.I .... (ll/7) 

It Ford R~ncbero R_ Uke new with rebuill..,&I ... 
.... 7I5I ••• nlnp. (11 / 4) 

Fresh Roees at 
epeci.al prices I 
10.... .... 

---'It gq 

Back to School Special 

6.00 
By appointmeJ'lt only 
Expires Nov. 11, 1977 
All major credit cards accepted 
.Please bring ad 

Shampoo and cut 
With Cindy or Arnie 
(Blow dry/ styling or 
long hair slightly extra) 

The Hair Garden 
, ....................... . 

Your Haircutting 
Place 
1250 Prospect 
McKellar Plaza 
La Jolla 
454·3077 
Mon·Fri: 9 am to 8 pm 
Sat: 9 am to 6 pm 

~un : 10amt04pm 

DECEMBER ,GRADUATES if your employer has 
not seen fit to guarantee you' start Jan.'78 at $11,000 (or 
over $14,000 depending), 30 day paid vacation, full med' / 
dental, and THE AUTHORITY TO MAKE DECISIONS AND 
THE RESPONSIBILITY TO MANAGE MEN, MATERIAL, 
MONEY AND TIME ON A DAILY BASIS --See me,I will ! 

UNmD,STATES MARINE CORPS 

JEFF I'ARKINSON 
CAPTAIN 
u.s. MARINES 

GEICO BUILDING, SUITE 215 
111&0 NORTH HOTEL CIRCLE 

SAN DIEGO. CALIF. 92108 
(71.' 293-eG73 

Student Center Complex, "B" 
7&8 Nov, 

TEN t6TWO 



trito. ti e. ,..., .... s ..... '4.1", 

Brown... (C. ... aed r .... pale 18) 

GRADUATE SCHOOL 
INFORMATION DAY 

DESIGNED FOR ALL STUDENTS INTERESTED IN GRADUATE STUDIES 

WHAT IS THE APPLICATION PROCESS? 
WHAT TYPES OF FINANCIAL AID EXIST? 

WHAT PROGRAMS ARE AVAILABLE? 

Sl AFF REPRESENTATIVES FROM VARIOUS UC CAMPUSES. STANFORD. US(:. 
PEOPLES COLLEGE OF LAW. AND UNIVERSITY OF NEBRASKA WILL BE 

AVAILABLE TO DISCUSS YOUR CONCERNS AND ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS 
WITH REGARDS TQ GRADUATE AND PROFESSIONAL SCHOOL EDUCATION ON 

WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 9. 18n 

10' 00 .' 3 .00 p.m. 

MANDEVilLE CENTER 

PLAZA 

STUDENT REPRESENTATIVES FROM GRADUATE PROGRAMS ARE SPECIALLY INTERESTED 
IN TALKING WITH STUDENTS FROM THOSE GROUPS WHICH. AS A RESULT Of ECONOMICAL 

OR SOCIETAL INEQUITIES. HAVE BEEN ONLY MINIMALLY REPRESENTED IN THE UNI VERSI1V 

COORDINATED BY' 
The OfftCI of G,lduat. Stud,". R....,ch 
Gredua .. Alh"nltl~ Aet.on "otrtm 
8nd SAS RKf'Uitrntnt PropMt 
Unwerllty of Californ ... Sen 0..., 
452 l550 Of' 4SH 170 

Tbe Pacifle Gal and Electric 
Co. recently spent ta.800 to-
equip a teat boule in San Jose 
with solar facilities. And US 
Department of EneI'IY official 
Don Riordan l8ysit should cost 
between ".000 and ".000 for 
home installation. 

But at least one developer has 
been able to install solar power 
for much less. Mike Corbett 
found that in bis projected 
250 home community near 
Davis In Northern California, 
he could provide an "active" 
solar system - complete with 
pump an storale tank - for 
about $5,000 per house. 

A "passive" solar system 
that doesn't use pumps could be 
in.talled for about $3,000 he 
says, while a solar system that 
only provides hot water was put 
in for $1800. -

And DaVia Rozell, a 'Solar 
energy coordinator in Gover-
nor Brown's Office of Appro-
priate Technology, believes the 
"average" cost of installing 
solar energy in a new home can 
be as low as $1.600 - with the 
owner's share of that paid back 
in fuel cost savings in three 
to five years. 

lAY 1fMU. 0...;..,.. 
" Experience is the KEY to 
good service and we are the 
151 Datsun d,,'er in the 
U.S.A. 
Come In where you are as-
sured 01 getting the FINEST 
service' 

"'LOOKING FOR MR. GOODBAR'IS 
ONE OF THE STRONGEST MOTION 
PICTURES EVER MADE-AND ONE 
OF THE BEST! Richard Brooks should g~t 
two Oscar nominations, one for his screenplay, 
one for directing. And Diane Keaton should get 
the Oscar to take home as best actress of the 
year in this UNFORGETTABLE, fiGH-
IMPACT FILM!'!...Liz Smith, New York Daily News 

Few structui'es are planned 
to be totallJ. dependent on solar 
beatbig. Most iastallatioDl are 
integrated with 188 systema for 
supplementary switch-over 
when temperatures cannot be 
sustained throu.h the sun's 
action or from stora.e systems. 

And since effective solar 
heating requires a high de.ree 
of insulation, the new Califor-
nia law requires homeowners 
to improve heat conservation 
before qualifying for the tax 
write-off. 

Despite these limitations, the 
Brown Administrative has 
be.un encouraging some 
industries to shift to solar 
power. Canneries and food 
processors are prime targets, 
and state officials will soon 
meet with representatives 
from Del Monte and Campbell 
Soup. , 

The governor's Office of 
Appropriate Technology says 
the state can assure food 
processors that solar systems 
will payoff their entire cost 
within five years. 

Meanwhile, industry will be 
closely watching the experi-
mental application of solar 

power to Fresn'o's Red Star 
Laundry, wboee test system 
W88 dedicated by Browa last 
month. The laundry hopes the 
solar system will enable it to 
cut its natural las needs in half. 

The Red Star installation cost 
$250,000 to desilO and build, 
but, notes Richard Maullin, 
chairman of the California 
EnerlY Research and Develop-
ment Commission, it is the 
largest commercial applica-
tion of solar energy yet 
attempted in the U.S. - "and 
we expect it to propagate a lot 
of others." 

To symbolize its commit-
ment to solar enerlY, the 
Bronw Administration recently 
announced plans to build a new 
multi-million dollar state office 
complex near trle capitol in 
Sacramento that will use solar 
energy as its prime heating 
source. The same system is 
also designed to cool the 
building during Sacramento's 
stifling hot summers. 

The complex was designed by 
Benham-Blair. Affiliates, one 
of the largest architectural and 
engineering firms in the nation. 

Adoption of by-laws 
tops business of AS 

by Eric Jaye 
Staff Writer 

Operating with a bare 
quorum present, the AS council 
Wednesday night adopted with 
alterations a set of by-laws 
which had been before it for six 
weeks. 

In other business Wednesday 
night, the council adopted 
Student Welfare Commissioner 
Barry Hyman's proposal to 
establish a judiciary branch 01 
the government. The judicial) 
will consist of five studenu 
confirmed by the AS Council . 

Also Wednesday night the AE 
released $5300 in fund~ 
originally budgeted for thE 
campus newspaper The New 
Indicator, but held up while 
Communications Commis-
sioner Dave Eisen investigated 

• • 

allegations that the paper wa:s 
not an undergraduate organiza-
tion. The money was released 
after Eisen reported that thogh 
approximately one third of the 
paper's staff were graduate 
students the paper was directed 
toward all students and could 
be considered primarily an 
undergraduate ol'J{anization. 

Also pertaining- to the New 
Indicator, Eisen said that the 

administration was asking that 
the paper print full names in the 
staff box instead of the current 
practice of printing only first 
names. Eisen said that the 
administration was concerned 
with who would be legally 
responsible for the contents of 
the paper. 

UC S.n D ..... Un, .. ,.lty E ...... Office P'W .. 'I 
Robert Sacchi in 
Hia ODe .. aD .how 

BOGEY'S BACKI 
SpeINI •• e\I •• 1as wit .. H •• p .. ..." "art 

November 11. 8 :30 pm M.ndevllle Auditorium 
pI"l 

BOGART FILM SERIES 
Series A Series B 
Nov. 5 
Nov. 7 

Nov. 9 
USB 2722 

Nov . 6 Casablanca & The SI, Sleep 
Nov. 8 The Malte.e Falcon a 

T" Have and Halle Not 
Nov . J 0 The Caine Mutiny a 
TLH .07 The A/rlcan Queen 

Spm Spm 

Film Series A or B (pl ••••• peell,) ,I ... BOGEY', lACK: 
UCSD Studente: IS.OO G.A.: ".00 

BOGEY'S BACK: UCSD Studen_U.SO; G .A. 14.50 
Slnll .. Film.: 1 •. 00 e.ch 

Tlckete It UCSD Box Office 452-4559 


