
Students II.ally let Money. Free Grades 

Payoffs to Amateur Athletes Uncovered 
by David Elsen 

Ellecutlve Editor 
University recruiters are 

promising high school and junior 
college athletes various illegal 
inducements in what amounts to a 
bidding war, and sometimes have 
not delivered, sources have told the. 

Judy Sweet can relax: no illegal 
payoffs were uncovered here. 

Interaction 
Seen as Key 
To Better .Reg 
Fee Panel 

by Mark Stadler 
Managing Editor 

The student co-chairperson of 
the 1977-78 Advisory Committee on 
Student Fee Programs has set 
increased communication between 
the committee and students as her 
primary goal for next year. 

"The students don't know what 
the committee is or what it does. 
They just know their registration 
fees are going up and they blame it 
on us~" Third College junior 
Marsha Harris said in an interview 
Monday. 

The 12-member committee, 
composed of seven students and 
five administrators makes 
recommendations On the uses and 
levels of all student fees to the 
Vice-chancellor and Dean of 
Student Affairs, who in tum ad-
vises the Chancellor. The com-
mittee is co-chalred by a student, 
elected by past student committee 
members, and a representative of 
the student affairs department. 

Allocates Reg Fee 
The committee is commonly 

called the reg fee committee 
because the bulk of its work con-
cerns the annual $360 registration 
fee . Programs and services funded 
by reg fee monielJ include student 
health services, recreational and 
intercollegiate athletics, planning 
and career placement, financial 
aid services and the student affairs 
branch. 

And it is the level and allocation 
of the registration fee that has 
caused the most controversy for 
the advisory committee this past 
year. 

The committee recommended a 
registration fee for 1977-78 of $131 
per quarter. That recom-
mendation-which was accepted by 
Chancellor McElroy-represented 
a compromJse between committee 
members, Harris said. 

Coatlnued OD Pale 7 

Triton Times in recent exclusive 
interviews. 

The sources, who are closely tied 
to the track and field and 
basketball scenes in Southern 
California, referred mainly to 
those sports but acknowledged 
similar activity in many other 
college areas. 

The information linked illegal 
maneuvers with track and field 
stars such as Dwiglt Stones and 
John Walker, the upper echelon of 
college basketball, as well as 
recruiters, scouts and coaches 
across the nahon. 

The sources, who all asked not to 
be identified, described a current 
collegiate sports picture that in-
cludes : 

-Recruiters enticing high school 
seniors and junior college athletes 
with money, equipment, jobs and a 
social life-all of which are illegal 
under National Collegiate Athletic 
Association (NCAA) rules-and 
often renege if the athlete does not 
perfonn up to expectations; 

-Pay-offs to women athletes, 

once non-existent, are now on the 
up-swing; 

-" Amateur" athletes, primarily 
in track and field, illegally be given 
money to perfonn in meets around 
the country; and 

-Academic work of the athletes 
often being taken care of through a 
variety of methods, often with the 
knowledge of professors. 

Stones Jumplog Up In World 
Other recent information has 

backed up the claims of the 
sources. The June 13 issue of Time 
magazine will identify high 
jumper Dwight Stones as being 
currently investigated by the 
Internal Revenue Service (IRS), 
and possibly owing as much as 
$50,000 in back income taxes. The 
income allegedly resulted from 
payments for performing in meets 
to the ex-Long Beach State star, 
which would have been illegal for 
Stones, who is still considered an 
amateur. 

The Michigan State student 
newspaper has alleged that Ohio 
State coaches have promised and 

paid money to recruits, paid police 
officers to transport prospective 
players. 

Though the amounts of similar 
activity. according to the sources, 
is prevalent in Southern California, 
it is relatively sparse in San Diego. 
While San Diego State University 
was said to have made "a few 
illegal moves," none were found 
at UCSD. The University of 
Southern California and San Jose 
State were named as two of the 
most blatantly illegal. 

Brent Clark, a NCAA rules en-
forcement representative, told the 
Triton Times that recruits can be 
given "anything commonly related 
to the educational experience. That 
includes room, board, tuition and 
books." Though Clark 
acknowledged a minimum of in-
fractions, he said, "We expect the 
universities to follow the rules and 
generally they do. When they don't, 
we are disappointed and we have to 
react." 

For some institutions, that 
reaction includes being barred 

from television and post-season 
tournaments f r various periods of 
time. 

Of the college recruiters, one 
source said, "They come to your 
house to sell you, and then later 
you get nothing. How is a high 

~ 

John Walker 

Students Rally Again 
Against UC Holdings 

by Mark Stadler 
Managlog Editor 

UCSD communications professor Herb Schiller warned students 
yesterday against being tricked by the media into false arguments that a 
victory by black South Africans will lead to a suppression of human 
rights. 

"Anything people who have been dominated for 300 years do to liberate 
themselves from their oppressors is good. Rather than being a sup-
pression of human rights, it would be a cleansing of the poisons that have 
choked our system," Schiller said. 

Schiller was one of several speakers at a rally on Revelle plaza 
yesterday against UC investments in corporations that do business with 
the white supremist government of South Africa. It was the second such 
demonstration here in the past week, and was attended by about 200 
people. 

The rally was followed by a march of about 100 people through campus 
and the chancellor's complex, where the marchers filed peacefully past 
Chancellor McElroy's office, chanting and clapping. 

Wider Framework 
Schiller said the whole question of the South African struggle has to be 

seen in a wider framework than that of the media-or image-making 
context. 

"Nothing happens unless people do something," he said. 
Sihiller linked the recent concern expressed by the US government and 

I media over South African conditions to the increased struggle of South 
African blacks. Still, he said, the media will be presenting the same 
structure in different terms. 

"We have to keep our wits about us in order to deciphe e new terms 
., and not be misled by them," the communications professorsaid. 
~ Also speaking at the rally was sociology professor Gail Omvedt, who 
~ said she plans to resign her !>osition to protest UC involvement in South 
iii Africa. 
E Omvedt said the revolution of South African blacks is inevitable, and £. that American investments can only prop up the white minority gov-
~ ernment there for a little longer. . 

She also said the Soviet Union is no better than the United States, as it 
SOCiology Professor Gail Omuedt was one of the speakers at a rally held seems de~rmined to set up a series of client states, dominated by 
yesterday concerning UC investments in South Africa . bourgeois capitalists, in Africa. 

Second Part of the Revelle lnterview 
"The struggle in South Africa is 

the struggle against a system that 
oppresses us as well," she told the 
crowd. 

What UCSD Students -Need . is na Cause" 
by Ber1L"ee 
Staff Writer 

Earlier this quarter Revelle College convened 
its first convocation in memorial to the ideas and 
visions of its founding fathers. One of those 
present was Dr. Roger Revelle , who offered in-
sights Into the basic philosophical and practical 
problems which confronted UCSD in its early 
formative stages and also detailed the early hopes 
of the college. 

The Triton Times once again goes to Revelle to 
get his views on a number of situations surroun-
dingUCSD. 

'IT: I understand that the purpose of the college 
cluster system and of the rigid curricul~ 
requirements is to help the student to develop his 
latent ability to learn. But are structure and 
curriculum enough in themselves? Many students 
are not excited about learning simply because 
they view education precisely in terms of a 
structured and constraining life. 

Revelle: I guess one of my fundamental beliefs 
is that people are happiest when they have a cause 

that they can lose themselves in, when they are 
involved in something bigger than they are. One of 
the happiest times of my life was when I was in-
volved in the building of this university, which is 
much bigger than any man. ~ 

One analogy to this is the building of a cathedral. 
I' The cathedral was built by {JUlny people, but 

nobody knows who they were. There were many 
people involved, not for their own glory, but for the 
greater glory of God. They were sustained by a 
vision of something greater than they were, 
something transcendent 

This is one of the main things we should try to 
teach our students; that we are best off when we 
are working for something greater than ourselves. 
Of course, we have to believe wholeheartedly in 
what we're doing. 

The main problem is to get students involved. In 
a sense, radical politics is an important element of 
the university because it is something that 
students can really lose themselves in. But 
students need to work to become experts in a 
particular field if they want to get their cause 
heard and understood by others. 

Continued on Page 18 

Slick Response 
Literature graduate student 

Gene Holland, one of four students 
who spoke with McElroy during 
last Friday's demonstration, also 
spoke at the rally. He tenned the 
response of McElroy ar.d the 
Regents to student demands as 
"slick." 

Continued on Page 18 

QI 
c 

~ 
~ 
co 
c 
C 

~ 
w 
o 
co 

5 
~ . 
QI 

= '0 
>-
., 

'" 
-= ~ 
8 
o (5 
.c 
Q. 



triton times 

letters fa the Editor 
Bi e Shop not to Blame for Theft 

On Wednesday, JW1e 8, Tse-Ling 
Fong wrote an unqualified and 
slanderous letter dealing with the 
UCSD Bike Shop. Several points 
are entirely in error. We would like 
to clear up these points. 

First, in reference to why we did 
not try to apprehend the alleged 
thief, we are only bicycle 
mechanics, not undercover poUce 
officers ... We showed our concern 
by letting Fong use the phone in 
contacting the proper authorities. 

students in order to work on their 
own bikes. The student in question 
has never and will never be an 
employee of the UCSD Bike Shop. 

The Bike Shop has cooperated 
fully with the efforts of the police. 
The investigating detective, 
Murray Penhollow, does not seem 
to be pursuing this case with his 
usual fervor. 

As Personnel Manager, I have 
tried in vain to get in touch with 

Fong to clear up these points, but 
he has refused to return my calls or 
in any way tried to get in touch 
with me. The fact that he Is 
mistaken is entirely his own fault. 

Due solely to Fong's false ac-
_ cusations, our supervisor has 
curtailed the policy of lending tools 
to anyone. 

WILLIAM MATEER 
OD bebaU of 

The UCSD Bike Shop 

The UCSD Bike Shop, in its three 
years of operation, has always had 
the policy of lending tools to 

Boycott LPs 
Dealing with 
Sexual Abuse 

1 VoN! K~ WHAi J 
WAN\10 VO WlfH My LI (6 ! 
S HAvf No 6OM5 J NO , VIR~cffON .•. J eUf.551LL. jus1 G~1 

Women Against Violence 
Against Women is an activist 
organization working to halt the 
epidemic use of images of physical 
and sexual violence against women 
in mass media. On May 19 the 
Women's Center sponsored a 
presentation by Julie London, an 
activist in WAVAW. London told 
the audience that the group has 
called for a boycott of Warner, 
Electra, and AUantic records, 
being among the prime movers of 
this kind of advertising. The 
boycott is called in coalition with 
California NOW. 

/WoTrlER r 9reRE-~o 

Some examples of sex violence 
used in advertising include: the 
album "Wild Angel" by Nelson 
Slater, which shows a woman 
gagged with a heavy chain; "Do 
You Want A Thing?" by Blood-
stone which features a gang rape 
scene; "Thriller" by Cold Blood, 
showing a woman lying on the 
ground after an assault, her 
clothing askew; and all of the Ohio 
Players albums. 

Racist Ad Must Go 
W A V A W recognizes that media 

violence perpetuates the myth 
that women are victims, naturally 
and happily masochistic. This 
advertising is being used at a time 
when rape is increasing and when 
a conservative estimate puts the 
number of battered women in the 
United States at one million. 

The Women's Center and 
Feminist Coalition urges students 
to visit a record store and check 
out the album covers. Then write to 
Ahmet Ertegun; Atlantic Records, 
75 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, 
NY 10020; and to Mo Ostin, Warner 
Bros. Records, 3300 Warner B1. , 
Burbank, CA 91505 - and explain 
why you are boycotting those 
albums which demonstrate sex 
violence. Let the record store 
manager know which albums you 
refuse to purchase. The record 
industry must begin to take social 
responsibility by eliminating their 
condoning violence against 
women. 

FEMINIST COALITION 
WOMEN'S CENTER 

We would like to bring to the 
attention of the community the 
advertisement put out by Auto 
Metric in the May 'n issue of the 
Triton Times and in several issues 
of the Reader. The advertisement 
portrays an ugly, stereotyped 
image of an Asian with buck teeth, 
a big nose, and a pigtail among 
other things. 

This image was born and filar-
tured by ignorance, suspiCion, and 
irrational hatred towards Asian 
Americans. In the year 1977, we 
are once again painfully reminded 
that these images of the past are 
still very much alive. We are 
greatly offended by this blatant 
attack on our dignity . 

I was told by a woman in the 
advertising department at Auto 
Metric that no offense was in-
tended by the ad; however, I was 
offended by the fact that she 
refused to discontinue the ad since 
this would mean a loss of money 
equivalent to the price of a few of 
their advertised "brake specials." 
I was also offended when she told 

AS Works for Students? 
Summ< r is rapidly approaching. The students will no longer be on 

campus to check up on the ASUCSD or the administration, however both 
groups Will continue to operate. 

What 1111\ thc Asucsn rio in this period? 
Budgels have not yet been approved. I h.ave been told by many 

ASUCSD officers that they will not be approved until MECHA's and 
BSU's a locations have been slashed. What other organizations will 
suffer? 

Rumors claiming that the ASUCSD will raise fees and vote itself 
salaries ;.Ire circulating. Over the summer students will have no control. 

As of yet the ASUCSD has taken no action to implement the referendum 
results. When wiU the ASUCSD begin acting in accordance with the 
students' wishes? 

In the fall petitions will circulate. These petitions will call for a Con-
stitutional Convention, the Convention students voted overwhelmingly in 
favor of in the recent ASUCSO elections. We must institute controls over 
the ASUCSD officers-we must make them accountable. 

This summer think about the changes you would like to see in the 
Constilution-discuss them with your friends. We must prepare to hold a 
militant Constitutional Convention this fall . 

NAME WITHELD 
BY REQUEST 

me that I was I "making a mountain 
out of a mole hill." 

The reason why she cannot 
comprehend the insult dealt by the 
ad is her obvious ignorance of the 
Asian-American experience and of 
Asian-Americans as a people. A 
clear example of this Ignorance 
appears in the ad itself : a 
stereotyped Chinese man is used in 
conjunction with Datsun, a 
Japanese automobile manufac-
turer. 

Is this another example of the 
amoral nature of American 
business? We find this attack on 
our self-esteem in order to sell 
" brake specials" a disgrace. The 
Asian American Student Alliance 
therefore demands that Auto 
Metric iIrunediately discontinue 
printing this ad and make a public 
apology to the Asian-American 
community and that the Triton 
Times refuse to publish these ads if 
Auto Metric fails to comply. 

LLOYDK.rrO 
ASIAN AMERICAN 

STUDENT ALLIANCE 

Hurrah for 
An Unbiased 
Cape Booklet 

I wish to extend my most sincere 
compliments to the people at 
CAPE. The current book, unlike 
last quarter's, is completely free of 
biased political cartoons. There 
are no political cartoons at all, for 
that matter. 

By thus stepping off its political 
soap box, CAPE has done us all a 
fa vor, for such an institution 
should never be in any way biased, 
if we are to trust its information. It 
is to be hoped that this change for 
the bctter is once and for all. 

JAM VAN S OYOC, ESQ. 

Friday, JuDe 11,1177 

Enter freely 
and of your own will 

Mark Stadler 

Teacben OD Strike 
In a glass case outside the Pacific Beach Junior High School principal's 

office are four wooden plaques from the Valley Forge Freedom Foun-
dation. The plaques, dating from 1969 to 1974, honor the school for helping 
to "bring a better understanding ofthe American way of life." Among the 
American rights ouWned on the plaques are the "rights to peaceably 
assemble" and the " rlgit to bargain with our employers and em-
ployees." 

Outside PBJH this week, a group of about 35 teachers have been 
exercising those American rights. Holding signs, they stroll quietly past 
the school, as part of a general teacher strike that has practically 
paralyzed the educational process at many area schools. 

About 80 percent of PBJH teachers are on strike, according to 
geography teacher Frank Meyers. This percentage, espec.ially for a 
traditionally conservative school like PBJH, stand<! quite well compared 
to the city-wide average which as of Tuesday night was about 15 percent. 

While teacher strikes have occurred in other major cities, this Is the 
first one in San Diego. It happened at least in part because of timing, and 
the need for bargaining power. The Board of Education doesn't want to 
negotiate a new contract until the beginning of the next fiscal year, Juiy 1. 
The San Diego Teachers Association-the local teacher bargaining unit-
wants to negotiate now, not in the summer when the teachers are gone. 

So the teachers are on strike. And the classrooms are being attended by 
non-striking teachers, substitutes, teacher assistants and conununity 
"volunteers". (The "volunteers," by the way, are being paid $50 a day-
$13 more than the usual substitute rate.) 

But the teachers are not just striking for more money, Meyers said 
Tuesday. 

"Sure money's important, but it's not the only thing, contrary to the 
impreSSion the media is giving," Meyers said. " What's at the heart of the 
matter is classroom size, and the amount of money going to the top heavy 
school administration at the Education Center downtown. 

Classroom size is probably the biggest sticking point in the 
negotiations. The administration provides statistics on average 
classroom size. It derives the figure by dividing the total students at a 
school by the number of teacher,s (including counselors, nurp and 
librarian) there. 

" But average class size doesn't make a difference to a kid in a class of 
40. Average class size is meaningless. What we want Is a mamnum class 
size. But the administration won't even bargain on the point," Meyers 
said. 

While the teachers picket outside, children in the building next to them 
look out the windows, tossing paper airplanes and shouting. "Having a 
good education'!" one teacher calls out. 

Apparently they aren't. According to the teachers, and several school 
kids, the situation in the classrooms is verging on chaos. 

"Let me put it this way," one striking teacher said. "Some rl the 
substltutes who were here yesterday aren't here today." 

While some of the c~sses must have·been attended by capable people, a 
lot of them are attended only by a body, a person who Is there only 
because the law requires someone to be there. They are babY-flitters, at 
$5O-day, instead of 75 cents-an-hour. 

When asked for comment on these developments, PBJH principal 
Robert Menke refused to talk and referred a reporter to the San Diego 
Unified School District's Public Infonnatlon Office. PBJH ad-
ministrators wouldn't even release student attendance figures. 

But one teacher knew the attendance figures for Monday. She said the 
PBJH vice-principal told her 211 percent of the students were absent 
Monday morning. Forty percent were gone by Monday afternoon. 

So school board claims that the schools will remain open during the 
strike are sort of true. 

One thing that has excited PBJH teachers is the sense rl solidarity they 
have found among themselves. "The most amazing thing is that so many 
teachers are here," Meyers said. " I mean, you can't usually get teachen 
to agree on anything." As they picketed, one teacher suggested sending 
school superintendant Tom Goodman "a bottle of booze" to thank him for 
unifying them. 

C~ntinued on Page 8 

triton 
times 

Dave Elsen ·- Executive Editor 
Mark Stadler·· Mlnoglng EcHtor 

Alec Nedetman" AcI .. rtlolng Mlnager 
Alan Russetl·· New. Editor 

Joel COon • 
•• Asooclltl N_. Editors 

SCali Sadll 

Shauna Stokes·· Production Menager 
Bill Brooks·· Photo EdUor 

Ran An""r·· AulOl ... t Manl",ng EdHor 
Ron Kelo. Jon Halperin .. Sport. Eclllo," 

Sue N alon·· Copy Eclltor 

The Tr iton Tlm"s Is published by UCSO 
students as the olliclat student 
newspapel. Publlcat,on Is on Mondays. 
Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
reguta r schoot year (e.cept on official 
holidays, Editorial and business oil ices 
are tocated In the Studenl Center at the 
Unwersity of California. San Diego. For 
editorlat. ca!! 452·3466. lor business and 
d,splay advertiSing . ca!! 452·3468 

Letters to the editor and opinion 
columns re welcomed . All submissions 
musl be typed and double·spaced on a 
74·space line They SMuid not exceed' · 
1 f 2 pages In length 

Submitted matenel must bear the 
name and studonl identilk;atlon number 
01 the author Names can be wltl'fleld 
from publication on request : howeverthe 
names will be held on Iile lor publiC 
InspectIon 

The Tnton Times r ",es the right to 
edtt submlaslons because 01 sJ) c.e 
IImltalions or style requirement. 

En tire content. copyright 1977 . tho 
Triton Tim ... 

Friday, JUDe II, 1m triton times Page 3 

letters to the Eaitor 

Israel is More Progressive than any Arab State 
Arab's claims of being anti-Zionist, and not anti-semitic 

are ludicrous, and contradict historical realities. ' 
When the Young Socialist Alliance takes this stance and 

at the same time proclaims freedom, national d~ter­
mination and social justice, we could naively be confused. 
Perhaps though, they are the ones confused. 

It is only of late, that Arab leaders have recognized that 
anti-Semitism, expressed as such, is not favorably received 
by the west. So, the tone has changed, the words have 
changed ... but not the meaning. 

How can tllli: not be, when in Egypt alone, during World 
War II, Nasser, Sadat, Prime MiiUster Ali Maher Pasha 
Chief of Staff Aziz el Misri, and King Farouk were all prO: 
Nazis? In Syria during that time, the entire political 
spectrum was aligned with the Axis powers. Since then 
these countries have offered asylum to many infamo~ 
Nazis, including Goebbel's aide, Johann Van Leers Eic~ 
man's coadjutor, Alois Brunner and the former ssGeneral 
Alois Moser, who was integrated into the Egyptian Secret 
Service as coordinator of Israel activities. 

Arab leaders continue to use "Zionism" and "world 
Jewry" interchangeably, if not to the west, then at least to 
their own people. A 1967 UNESCO investigation found 80 out 
of 108 Arab schoolbooks used in Gaza and the West Bank to 
be unsuitable for use because of their anti-Jewish and 
genocidal expoundings. As one example, in The Culture of 
Islam, a book intended for third year high school students, 
on page ISO, we find, "The Jews are wicked criminals who 
came to Palestine." In another book, a Jordanian text, 
Modern World HistorY, the same sentiments appear, "The 
Jews in Europe were persecuted and despised because of 
their corruption, meanness and treacherY." 

[n Syria today, Jews must carry identity cards. They 
caMot drive or have a telephone. They are forbidden to 
leave, cannot travel freely and cannot occupy public 
positions. 

[n Israel, in 1975, there were four Arabs who were in 
Parliament. Of these, one was the Deputy Minister of 
Communications-, and the other was the Deputy Speaker of 
Parliament (the Knesset) . 

Article 22, the oft quoted passage from the (still un-
changed) 1968 " Palestinian National Covenant" reads: 

"Zionism is a political movement organically related to 
world imperialism and hostile to all movements of 
liberation and progress in the world. It is a racist and 
fanatical movement is its formation; aggressive, ex-
pansionist and colonialist in its aims; and fascist and nazi in 
its means. Israel if the tool of the Zionist movement and a 
human and geographical base for world imperialism ... " 

In seventeen of the Arab League states, including Egypt, 
Jordan, Syria, Iraq and Libya, there is no free press. In 
lsrael, there is. As of 1974, there was a 12% illiteracy rate in 
Israel, as compared to 65% in Egypt, 62% in Jordan, 60% in 
Svria and 73% in Libya. Israel is a democratic state, with 
goverrunents elected by popular vote, as evidenced by the 
recent upset victory of the Likud Party. The Arab states, 
with the exception of Lebanon, have military or one-party 
dictatorships. In Israel, religious freedom is mandated with 

a separation of church and state, while at least 12 Arab 
states have constitutions which proclaim that Islam is to be 
the state religion. Finally, is the Young Socialist Alliance 
aware of the dichotomy between the status of women in 
Israel and the ~tatus of women elsewhere in the mid-east? 
We must ask then, that in light of Article 22, which contries 
are more liberated? More progressive? 

The Arab nations maintain that they are not hostile to 
Jewish people, nor Judaism, only Zionism. In November of 
1975, the New York Times carried a full page ad: 

"We reject the claim of Zionism to be co-extensive with 
the Jewish people. And therefore, we reject the claim of 
Zionism that to be anti-Zionist is to be anti-Jewish and anti-

_ Semitic." 

Uniike the young Socialists, we are not naively fooled. We 
look behind these words and see an Arab boycott which 
discriminates against not only businesses which deal with 
Israel, but one that also discriminates against businesses 
and finns that have Jews on their board of directors as 
owners and executives. Is it that all these companies are 
Zionist? And how does one account for the manifold 
maltreatment of Jews in countries such as Ubya, Iraq and 
Syria-were these persecuted individuals all Zionists? If so, 
how did their governments know? In actuality, it is an 
exercise in sophistry to distinguish between a practicing 
Jew and a Zionist. A year before his death, Martin Luther 
King said, "When people criticize Zionists, they mean 
Jews." 

So, who really is more racist? Which societies are closer 
to the full emancipation of their peoples, all their peoples ? 
As far as utopian ideals go, which countries in the middle 
east are striving fastest, in real terms (such as hospital 
building, education, farming improvements, and birth 
control programs) to achieve them'! Rhetoric is cheap, 
peace talk florid, but action, founded in basic humanitarian 
commitments, unfortunately rare. 

Yes, Young Socialists, you let your utopian ideals get 
compromised by adopting euphemisms that stand for 

v~olence and hatred against Jews ever since Jews have 
been around. 

In 1970, the leader of the Israel Communist party, Moshe 
Sneh, said, " the identification of Zionism with imperialism 
and with .. . racism and Nazism are insults to every Jew as 
a Jew." 

Before I conclude, one last thing. Please don't use the 
" Law of Return", which, for any eligible Jew, guarantees 
autdmatic citizenship in the state of Israel, as an example 
of Israeli racism. To do so, you underscore your non-
comprehension of Jewish tragedy throughout the ages. 

Faced with persecution and death, Jews in all times have 
been denied entry into countries which could have given 
them relief and tefuge. Even America, in her short history, 
has turned away shiploads of Jewish people at her shores, 
only to have insured them oftheir fiery deaths in Dachau or 
Treblinka. This is the reason for the Law of Return-so that 
there will always be at least one place that a Jew can go to 
where he will nto be turned away. Non-Jews can certainly 
become citizens of Israel, but Israel does not afford them 
special passage. They must go through regular im-
migration channels. 

The state of Israel was created while the ovens at Ausc~ 
witz were still warm. For her to deny Jews the privilege of 
return would be to act in contradiction to the event that 
precipitated the creation of Israel, namely the holocaust. 
Israel cannot be expected to do what no country in ali time, 
and all history has ever done-that is, to go against one's self 
interest, one's raison d'etre. . 

And so, Young Socialists, by your political stance, you 
, find yourself sharing the same idealogies of some of the 

worst Jew-haters in history. Your demands for a 
" democratic secular state in Palestine" square well with 
the modified Arab parlances heard frequently today. We 
are quite sure what the Arabs mean by this, however. Back 
in 1970, in Al Anwar, the Lebanese daily paper, a discussion 
about the meaning of this phrase was carried in its pages. 
This quote, spoken by a representative of the PLO, cannot 
be misinterpreted : 

" If the slogan of a Democratic state is meant only to 
answer the claim that we wish to throw the Jews to the sea, 
then this is a successful slogan and a useful political and 
propaganda act. " Other statements, made by various Ara b 
groups today are likely to be less frank. Their meanings, 
however, sadly remain the same. 

Your position is ironic, for one only has to but count the 
numerous Jews who have been instrumental in socialist 
movements throughout the world. Inside the Third Reich, it 
was Jews and communists alike who were the targets of 
Germany 's vicious and plunderous wrath. 

Young Socialists, you say that there are many Jews in 
your midsts. This is undoubtedly true, but then, there are 
many socialists who do not espouse your particular brand of 
Socialism either. In short, not all socialists are " Young 
SoCialists, " and not all socialists are "anti-Zionists". To 
me, your dogma and disregard for historical reality on this 
issue degrades the socialistic-utopian ideals that you may 
have once had. 

HARLAN SIMON 

YSA Condemns Zionism, not Judism 
In the May 9 Triton Times, there was an article 

with the erroneous title "YSA Uses Israel as 
'Scapegoat"'. Scratch " erroneous"; insert " patently 
untrue". But it seems some supporters of Israel have 
found their own scapegoat-the Young Socialist 
Alliance. The subject of the Zionist nation carries 
such an emotional impact, that honest criticism of it 
seems to elicit hysterical denunciations. Wild and 
irrational. allegations have been thrown around 
loosely and blindly at us, especially by Ralph 
Grunewald,Joel Balbien, and David Pollock. 

cupied (I.e. conquered) territories? The answer is 
NO! 

Although only a minority of the refugees are still 
living in the UN-run refugee camps (644,000 out of 3.2 
million Palestinians), it has been the terrible burden 
of their plight especially with their rapidly increasing 
population) that has been the basis for much of the 
conflict between Israel and the Arab nations. Neither 
the UN nor the Arabs have had the resources to 
rapidly aid the Palestinian masses. And the Israelis 
have traditionally closed their eyes to the problem. 
An infamous statement of Golda Meier'S is 
" Palestinians'! What Palestinians? They don't 
exist!" This is consistent with the theoretical and 
chauvinistic goal of their Zionist nation. And that 
nation has in turn, been a political foothold for the 
forces of US imperialism. 

Grunewald Answers YSA; 
Calls for Open Debate 

The latter two a\lthored an article in the June 6 
Triton Times. It is obvious they know absolutely 
nothing about our organization, and we resent their 
blatant lies. We are not "anonymous". We sign our 
name to our letters because the ideas written 
represent a collective effort and the views of the 
group. We spread many of our other ideas in the 
recent AS elections where we ran a slate of three 
candidates : Anthony Gonzales, Dwayne Stillwell, and 
Pauline Breeden. We are not "totalitarian in intent". 
We are firm believers in hearing all points of view 
and in democratic discussion and debate. These are 
activities we are constantly involved in. We are not 
into " sloganism". We have ' articulate positions and 
have a great deal of literature on everY position we 
take . We set up a literature table three times a week 
in Muir plaza. Many people know us . Our numbers 
are not "dwindling". As a national organization, our 
membership is growing, and the same is true with our 
city chapter. 

But the biggest lie is that we are " blatantly anti-
semitic". Our position on Israel is that we advocate 
the creation of a democratic nonsectarian Palestine, 
where there are democratic liberties for all groups; 
Jewish, Christian, and Moslem. We support the right 
of world Jewry to live anywhere in the world they 
want to. We emphasize that we condemn Zionism and 
not Judaism. We have many Jewish members, and 
Leon Trotsky, the original leader of our movement, 
was a Jew. 
~ Contemporary Zionism is not simply the movement 
for a J ewish homeland. That alone is a commendable 
ideal. The key question is : Do the Israelis have the 
right to displace nearly an entire nation of people, 
keep them out by force, expropriate their property 
and land, and do some of the same things in the DC-

Concerning the "humane relationship" between the 
Palestinians and Israelis that Iric Fishbein spoke of, 
we hope he will consider a few " whys" in return: 

Why has " progressive" Israel bombarded refugee 
camps with napalm at various times in the past? 

Why do 13,000 Palestinian prisoners (ranging in 
age from 12 to 80) languish in Israeli jails, to be 
subject to the most atrocious forms of torture and 
habitually denied access to the Red Cross? 

Why are certain Palestinians allowed to tour and 
work in their own homeland but not to come there to 
live? 

Why do Israeli police shoot down rioting Arabs in 
the West Bank? And why are those "contented" folks 
rioting in the first place '! 

The list could go on and on ... 
Finally, we should spell out our position on the Arab 

governments. We agree that they are, as a whole, 
repressive and undemocratic. We do not support 
them, and we only conditionally support the PLO 
(nationalism; but not the terrorism) . The in-
ternational Trotskyist movement of which we are a 
part, calls for socialist democracy in the Arab 
nations ; as we do for all the countri~s of the world. 
We do not politically agree with the Arab regimes. 
But. we also do not see them as the main cause of the 
Middl East conflict. We feel the cause is the U3 
upported ultranationalism of Israel. 

YOUNG OCIALI T ALLIAN E 

In 100 words or less, the 
Triton Times has allowed me to 
respond to the YSA letter of 
June 8, which accused me of 
being " chauvinistic" and 
"obtuse." Their letter was a 
response to mine, which ap-
peared on June 3, in what has 
developed into a debate on these 
pages, pitting the YSA against 
supporters of Israel. Both of the 
opposing positions have been 

clearly sta'ted and restated (see 
today's Triton Times) ( invite 
the YSA to an open debate next 
year to discuss these issues 
face-to-face . Maybe then they 
will understand their hypocrisy 
and double-standardism. Until 
then, I would hope all students 
would learn about the issues for 
themselves. 

RALPH GRUNEWAlD 

KKK'S Actions and Conduct 
Cannot be Condoned 

Among the many errors put 
forward by Richard Stevens in his 
recent letter is his total misun-
derstanding of the First Amend-
ment to the US Constitution. Stated 
very briefly and very simply (so as 
to comport with Stevens' limited 
intellectual development), the 
protection afforded by the First 
Amendm ot extends to speech an:! 
symbolic action, not to acts of 
violence. 

With reference to the existenc 
of the Ku Klux Klan at Camp 
Pendl ton, de fens attorneys for 
the Camp Pendleton 14 (with whom 
I assume tevens is acquainted , 

have documented proof that the 
members of the Pendleton Klan, 
both jointly and individually, have 
en aged in a pattern of systematic 
vioience - replete with attempted 
shootings and gang muggings -
against black servicemen on base 

sinc'~ last summer. The elemen-
tary principles of the First 
t\J 1It:IIUIII m CitlUlV1. bt! ureugt:d up 
by anyone, including a highly 
privileged and vpry confused 
college tudent like Richard 
tevens, to condon such conduct. 

WILLIAM BWM, 
Attorney Coordinator for th 

Camp P ndleton 14 



Palet triton times 

Goodbye, goodbye 
MARGARET - Why say goodbye? I say hello 
10 my best shrend. La .. , Merl<. 

B. Fine - You vII haY a gut year ..• ya?? KC 

Pam - glad we finally got things reaollllld . It's 
bean a growing loving experience living with 
you. LoveJB 

Ms. Walss so, It's oIf to dental SChool. Ha"" 
fun "clIIVing" take care and keep In touch. 
LowMB 

To CALPIRG - studenl leadership, 10 Jim 
Bedtley - a year In which he won'l have to 
ride a trlkll - my will Alan to Ron - my thanks 
lor being there when I needed someone, after 
all that's what friends ;1'8 for - to Maggie -
Cosmotel and a Plutonic photograph in 
People Magazine - It could only happen to a 
ScorpiO! To Roger - much love, miracle whip 

k~ cure, the chef of the year award, and a 
Jewish penguin - my will Alan to UCSD & 
Mike Hipp - 8 trikes that could make It 
through 14 healS without failing apart - my 
will Alan 

Nlmmle: See you in the Fall , roommate! I 
promise I won't play Fieetwood Mac all the 
time! Krls. 

Karen: I've wanted to tell you this all year. I 
am KC and you are KK. Now I feel better! 
Kils. 

Ira - Have the full on summer on your hap-
pening boat catching the unreal tuna. Take It 
easy - Pete. 

Doc - no one can ever lake away the good 
times we had . Enjoy, enjoy , enjoy . This 
summer. Chao-Choo ... Babe 

Smms: Your wonderful have a greal summer. 
With love SMMS 

Spreck, now you're leaving SO, never to vlsh 
me & sleep in my bed - at least I gave you a 
personal love? 

Galatheans - we made it thru the yeal - Good 
luck 10 you all! Love, Mati. 

Sandy Lane - they say dreams last forever ... 
on to foreverw/love. 

Thanks 10 whoever found my watch last Wed. 
Call me, I'd like to thank you personally. 
Richard 481 0972 

TO my da~ln' roomie - I knew you'd make III 
England's gain Is my loss. Much suSseK(!) in 
all you do. Love RIN _ 

Blna Ihese 4 years have laid the 10uOOallon 
10( a pyramid of perpetual happiness. Love 
forever, EWiE 

Allison , I enjoyed our times together on the 
tennis court. We did improve didn'l we? Ken. 

AA : Thanks for everylhing and everything 
again and being you and being with me. I love 
you always. 

Jason, III miss our ochem sessions & our 
lalks I'm just going to miss youl Have a great 
year & I'll see you this summer. Kalen 

UCLA, Stanford will come through next year. 
Hasta el velnte de augusto. Palto 

Vicki, It just won·t be the same & Ihe 
memories just make the goodbye halder stili 
you've come a long way-Glad I coutd share 
II. Thank you for just beJOg you love Karen_ 

Jules G - my ratbag coxy your aceen! was 
interesting but you're a paoller caya - cava, 
your mustached lap 

Bill Brook. , MC Brien, Scoll Sadll , Alec 
Nudelman, Joel Don , etc. UCSD won't have 
you to kick around any more. Too bed ! G <JeSS 
who. 

Hey Mr. CI .. n - I hear there's a lot of foxy 
babes at SB . Is Ihat why you' ,. leaving us? 
Have fun - Blnul 

John V I will be waltln~ Imp .. tlently through 
Ihe sumll1flr for our Sepl. date. Take cale 
Joanie. 

Frat, thanx for being someone so easy to talk 
and relate o. Be sure to get some stationary 
XllOt Frit 

Bubber - .... ~ w ltl all miss u but optimistically 
3 mos will 10 last - love ya-po0l>-flaah-tio-PIQ 
and me 

See you bo oy. - Lee. pea and el bango - next 
year_ Dad . 

To dad, m lrT\, bub, ralph , and pee. I'm finally 
coming hO'l1e. Chuck. 

To Cindy, S.sl .. , Kimmer and Mahsha hon. 
Best busO) stop In the world. P.S. Plzla, 
Cindy, Plua 

John remember vas Compuler thles II>-
nertubes & soli belts Scripps party & lots 
more here's 10 a greal tflend see you In the 
summer Karen 
To PK . JC, JB, CR, MG, BS, BL , ED and even 
AR. thanll. lor. gleat year. Lobolomytes are 
number one Bear. 
MIke Gillman it I don'l seo you before the 23, 
happy 20Ih lowe you a round 01 gall . Take 
t!8IePB 

To tM TT : It'. been I fun 3 y .... _ Lowe, Me .... 

To the EE: W.dld It. The ME 

TT .t.ff : W_. The ME. 

GlR from almonds to sardines and pickle. 
you've been the best! Words can't say how I 
teet . I'll miss you. LB 

Klmmlebeen - what will sucC8lash be without 
the IImabeans? Love you much! Take ca .. , 
Butt 

To all our friends. ~ bids farewell 1111 next 
yOllr. 

An open goodbye to everyone who made my 
yeal a-memorable one I All of Blake 2 & 3, 
adlosl! Love & laughlerl Machi (AKA Kathy 
Moe) 
Dink - what doln? We' re gonna miss u! Must 
come by to visit! Love u lots! Sunshine l 
laughter, Machi 

NA-what a year! Munchklnland lives! Roller 
Skates & Christmas stockings love always! 
Mochl 

Gomez & Bob - entertalnmont section of 
Revelle Caf-Iake care always ! Sunshine, love 
& laughter Machi 

Joe Dick & Richard - Star Wars. It was fun. 
Meet back on Blak .. 2 w/yoor R2's next ye • . 
Love &. Laughs Kathy 

Joe Jell & Rolf - thanks tor the help on 
Wednesday nlghtsl Take it eesy! Love, 
sunshine & laughter Kathy. 

PT - Such lun l Roommates next year I Oh nol 
Whalen out Dlckl It'll be a blasll Luv & 
laughs! Moch 

Brenda - heres 10 sleeping bags that zip 
together - thanks for everything - with love 
from a mounlain boy. 

Michele what can I say? We've sure come a 
long way thanks for being a great rmmate -
more impol a great friend glad I got to know 
you and share our thoughts and feeling • . 
You're quite a unique UCSDlan guess that's 
why you 're "Cruzin" remember In those 
moments of questionable meaning - I'd bs 
glad to lend an ear at least we cou td laugh 
mutually_ Have a great summer! Gonna miss 
ya - so keep In touch ! Take care! SC 

Alison - thou shall not forgeth thy neighbor, 
okayelh? 

Sue M - my thoughts are many but my wordt 
are lew. Realty hope you have a great 
'ummer and hope to see you next year. Take 
careSC 

Clndl, thank. for al l the Inspiration and good 
advice (sure wish f was a little Ialler). Grag. 
Spencer don'l yoo find it amusing that your 
leaving and not myself? I'm really glad I gat 
to know lhe self you sometimes hide. Hope 
your songs continue to express your set>-
sitlve self and provide a unique experience 
for others. Take care. Have a great summer 
and keep in touch l SC 

Sue - being the shy guy I am Its hard tor me 
to say goodbye - burp snort snil! sexy huh? 

To all my friend. at UCSD: Good-bye Ihanx 
for being there. I'll Ihink of you nexl year 
when I'm amongsllhe cows and the chlck."s 
al UC Davis. The TT will fall apart without me 
- MC Br ien 

NO it won't - the TT_ 

Enjoy France, don' t dO anything I wouldn't. 
See you when you return . Suite Rush sur-
YNOf'. 

Jon, glad I got to enjoy your company for this 
short time. Pony Express will have to help us 
now. JK 

MK JD KY JB JK KP DH RB JV JP JK JG Pt 
PG Thanx for 3 great years. UCSF hili a tie 
line you k now xxx J K 

Bill F Chern TA - I'd like to try some rxl1'. 
w/you . Maybe next year . A stu. 

Donny - I believe In feeling good. I bel ieve In 
love! LW(O) 
MIuter Russell , Min Richter: To two real ly 
fine people - I wish you much joy - love, Mlu 
Siokes. 

Bev and lucia' We've come a 'long way these 
past 4 years - I' lt always cherish our friend-
ship. Lov. Sheun. 

Joanle, don' t leave your heart In Sen Fral>-
CISCO We love you hele. JK, JB, KP 

Ran , you're sweet - Paul, you 're line - Bill , 
you' re aOarabie - Alec, you're charming - It's 
been a pleasure knowing y'alilove, Shauna 

Nlco' You're one of Ihe moat conslderale 
gentlemen I've ever met - and a real card -
lov , Shauna 

Shauna, the she-devil - Not goodbye, but 
tare-the-well. La"", Mal.<. 

To all my friends! Thanks for a GREAT 
YEA RI Good luck and good summer l Love 
you always I KJ ! I 

Diane, you may move In th is Saturday I live 81 
1630 Luneta Drl"" Del Mar 755-89018 Spring 
Fe_Ish .... 

A final farewell to the babes of A~ . Till we 
meet again next year. Byelll The Orlen! 
Express. 

Stan - so yoo finally made up your mind to 
leave. It's probably the right choice. Good 
luck at UCB - R9n 

To my ma in music man: Spencer - It's a long 
climb trom Butler but I hOpe you make It to 
the lap Ron 

To Kathy, Sue, Marybeth, Kim, Mary , 
Martha, Loretta, Audley_ Have a good 
summer from your best vocab. 

Steve (wak-wak) Good luck with Sprr. Don't 
lorget yourfrlends still stuck here Beep-Beep 

Lynny-poo au est lI'y a parce ce que el salle 
de b~ln - Miss you much an Irnen 

PI< you are crude rude and lewd, but I stili 
admire you. Thanks tor the protectlon_ 
Immatule 

ZEB: Finally your own personal. Have Il fun 
time In Guam and do come back In the fal l. 
Love, Llndylou. 

Dan: It's almost overl Best of luck always_ 
Thanx lor: Being you, being around , Mel 
putting up with mel Love, t31 , t32, 140B, 
t43A, 173. 

Junior, Summers got to be better, Syd says 
lhanks & so do I. Princess 

Goodby Bill "Honey" BrOOks have a nice time 
in England. We're going to miss you . Please 
don't come back married. 

BHBFC 
Co-Pres. 

(Bill " Honey" Brooks fan club) PL &. RH 
Snorel , Ronald , and Skinny - It's taken a 
while, huh? It was good! Luv ya alii Douglas_ 

Nokesee: Feelings nothing more than 
feelings, feetlngs of love . _. Chum 

Ken: Buena Suerte, Ch iquita . Have a fal>-
tastic ye • . Karen 

Goodby Audrey , Martha, Jeanetle, Kerry , 
Sue, Christy , Ginny, CeeCee , Peggy, Kathy , 
Mary, Patti . __ Always Euge 

Mar - "Yes tt's a fire drill ," sleep talk, baby , 
freaking , burnln candles, significant month 
(I) , Coronado smiles, sunflower seeds , com 
muff ins, " trash", and the IIsl goes on ... I'm 
SO glad J76 had youl 'T 

Linda _4 : You are the terror, t mean uh tremor 
of my heart. Never over the hili when you are 
at age. 

Snugsy, Oceans of love and a kiss on each 
wave - Happiness In all yoo do - Don't forget 
to writel Melvin 

Hey Sexy , you're dirty mi nd Is crazyl How 
you 've corrupted mel Thanks for your 
friendship Naughty Woman 

Vic Drelcer (Bra) - persevere, live, radiata , 
and visit next yr . Barriers ha .. broken bet-
ween us Bro_ Jar D. 

To my Little Buddy Vlckums: You're a gem . 
Let'o be despicable next yeer . Cheerall -
Bear 

MGLB keep Irylng, my line Is open - I just 
have to get to the phone_ Thanks - keep 
reading for pert 2-J 

MGLB - Part 2 - My phone Is Ilnglng_ I' ll 
answer It even II it takes 16 months. Much 
10Ye. J . 

"But when you know you've got a real friend 
somewhere . _ . "I'll always be there G'bya 
Pup - t love you 

Lebovlc - You really don't mean It ... but I 
do - MeKlco '77 KC 

Mertha - I'm no longer Ignorant and naive. 
You taughl me how to be ~tter . The Poet 

Sue Z. - You are. real bitch . Why didn't you 
ever pay me any gas money? Mike 

Audrey Vllglnla Sebring - As Alice Cooper 
says , "No more Mister Nice Guy". Enjoy the 
smog. Mille 

Becky - Boo, Booley , Ducky , Jantz, Judy 
Beth, Mary_ SlooI, Pinky , M_ny, tM G.ng 
at Dralte, 10 aU Ihe wonderful people I've met : 
Thanks. Have a good summer &. good luck . 
By&-bye, Hal n S .. Ihe Fool_ 

To JeM, Cheri, Robyn , Kelley , Karyn, Cindy, 
J 8l'lne, Morra, Shannon - thank, for all the 
fun , crazy times we have hadl HIVe a gre.t 
summer I'll miss you guys I Love Clndl 

I love you great lOOking guy', fourth floor 
Tenaya. I fantas ize of sharing myself wlth/U 

David: You're a dOllr and so nlco to be .round 
- and my friend IIways - Love, Shaun., the 
stloke 

Goodbye 10 .... eryone 81 D-House The best 
DAMN House II UCSO signed, The Quiet 
Man 

Melr, Sam, Bart , Greta, Marl<, Char, & the 
rest . Thank you lor your friendship and heve 
a bonus summerl Rln 

ThanK Leisha, You've laught me to be a 
bigger person. Love, the Bitch 

Becky II you find something foreign In your 
"box" don't worry It'S jusla part of me. 6426 
0 1- II we maCle II thru APIS & CI50, we can 
make It th ru anthlngl 'T J ' 

Pam H - Goodbyef Hope they have yogurt 
sundaes In SI. Loulsl!'11 miss you! Sue 

To the orange soda treak_ Wherever he may 
be - I'll find you yet - meanwhile, have a nice 
summerSS 

Becky C: I've never told you how much you've 
taught me. I love you for everylhlng Joy B 

To the MOOy Dick's you guy's haye it all 
together. Thanks. Love, your little Angel 

Dan, DaVid , Hank - Take It easy boys - It was 
a good year - also, who drank my beer .. . ? 
Douglas 

Jen - Well we made It thru one more year. No 
good-bye's are needed - It'll be a fun autn-
merl Love C. 

Next Year's residence of 0-1 . We are going to 
have the hottest year this school has ever 
seen FLORIDA BABE . 

Annie, Orly , Debbie II was a good yeer - too 
bad we d idn't meet earlier - Doug - PS - Love 
you all ! 

Jovb - Your very ownl Happy magnificent 
stupendous birthday II . S. M. - That's set>-
.ually mezmerlzlng? - 9202 

Pat - You' re a sweet guy & I'm gtad t got to 
know you. Glad you're sticking around next 
yeal. See yoo on 4th Street? --Susie 

Paul W: A uf Wlederseln l Ad ios! Au Revolrl 
Shalom! Good-byel can you beat that? -
Judy 

Kathy : May tomorrow be a perfeet day , .. 
Jennifer 

Eye, B.J . lua eweel.vet? Really _. Izza 
kwayzle wid all darn messy ages_ (Tlmew .. 'o 
ok) 
Line & Jell of the student print coop say -
goodbye I Thanks tor yoor suppor1 and all 
those tips. 

Rulus - earty mom ·rldeS, Solana dinners and 
luture plans (I) are greatly appreciated ·TJ 
Good bye Rod, Ivy , Rick, Mark S .. Amy, 
Alan, Joe R., Peggy, Doug, Slta, calla, Brad, 
Glen , Pete, Steve, Sarah, Jennifer, Hop, 
Todd, Eric, Hooks, Polk , Griff , Cox, 
Pheenorn , Morn, Bob, R8I'Idy, Kenny, 
Aubrey, D.K.B., Floatin' Bolton, Squllll, 
Kevin , Leslye, Gary, LesUe, Kim, Vicky , Cae 
Cae, Anthony D., Mike R., Fred, MiChael J., 
Donna Y., Marti, Jerri Ann, Vic, Marla, Karen , 
Vanessa, lyllah, Jane, Coralee, Pal, Gall , 
Debra. Marcia, Robyn, Shem, Cindy, J8IW1 , 
Cella, Robin D., Karen K .. Wild B ill, Jeff, 
Derek, Todd, Stacey, Happy , Paul, Dorlone, 
Wil lie J . , Tim, Bunn , Dave, Mal, Ben , pag., 
Doug , Chris W., Ste ... W., JuUe, LOri , 
Debbie, M imi, Patty, Patti , Rachel , Christian, 
Don , Bruce, Scott , Janlne, Brian, Frank, 
Doob. Rich , Buff, and Jim. Thank you tor 
putting up with my madness. Thank you for 
being my friends. I'm gonna miSS you all. 
Love, Don 

linda: Hysterics - 4 speakeers - bagels -
puules - bottled water - aspirin & screams . I 
am gonna miss It. Love 0 

Marcy 272Z9 OUliove lives on your18 and out 
01 school. We will celebrate both . 

PaUl , next time make sure the,. ar. two 
ticke ts to Colorado Springs. JK 

Debutt , Toad! Lookout lor the bowl nut 
year! Love Butt 

Lynn 0 : Best wls/les always from your 
jealoua cllqu • . We'll miss you. Love , Lynn 
Ind Pam. 

To Joe and Andy : Thanx for the private 
tessons at the surfside party and for tlklng 
care of me - KM 

Debb P. - Hope you will h ... an exhlltrttlng 
time dipping ' mini" Swenson scooptl Hope 
to Ilnow you better next yeer l Until then 
enloy yoursell -Take Carol S.C. 

H Y I'm easy wlp cream &. 011 • . Price : Fr • . 
Reward : Pleasure 

FrkIay,.rue 11, lJ71 

AS the sun sale on the Foyer I'd like to say 
toodle-loo so all you guys and Merllyn too, a 
spurt to Sue and mlllY happy sheep to Sue, 
some wine to Cathy, and .ome guys lor 
Krlsslepoo, Rachel hi. bubby and London 
too, so Terri has Gaoll I'U see you at UCLA, 
Gloria keep looking, cause carol has found 
Darren and whipped cream, and Debbie 
remember laughter, don'l you forget , and all 
the boys retax, so now our foyer Is qulellhe 
laughter is gone but now our mind. 
remember of alt Ciur good times past- Doug 

Anisole: You'll just have to find someone 
else to love. The Turd 

Zebra: Curly haired mustachlos are a dime a 
dozen spend It w isely. Eug 

Goodby: Walch oot lor tall men with good 
bods. Get down with the besl Eug 

Groucher: Here's to not be ing In L.A. Eug 

Fantastic Four : I could n .... er stop loving you_ 
Eug 

Tom, your friendship I'll always treasure_ 
Wishing you happiness In your travelsl Love 
you, AI 

Style - Cremper I thanks for all the love and 
understanding yoo 've given me - I'm really 
going to miss you. What I feel t just can'l put 
into word.! Frlend.hlp always, "alyle 
crarnper2 

To Mary - Theresa - Roae-Mary-DIAM&-
Susan-&-Elile-Thanks ever so much jusl for 
the friendship. I'll always ;,ave such greal 
memorlesl hope you all have a good summer. 
Drop a line anytimel Take care_Love, John 

Remembering always the saga at " all my 
Dormlcs" ("s teady, steady , . "1, to: 
Rosemary (lor the cabaret .. _ forwardl " ), DI 
and EI (BJK would be proud). JJ (tor coping 
wIThe manic) & Susi&-Q (yes, cole, " just a 
perfect blendsh lp ... " ), & all the other 
suit los, ex's & adopted: You' re all my home -
thank you for everything - may Mexico always 
be your sunrlsel Much, Much love, 104 _ 

Ellie - Shuttlerbugglng & tennis too? Happy 
Birthday a little Ca,ly 'TJ 

Rosemary - the cab.et does keep life In-
teresting - am I stili cruzin'1 'T J 

To some of my favorite peopte - Dave, Gary, 
Jell , carl , Jeff, Greg, Rich , Bill &. James: You 
guys are so neatl Thenks for sharing your-
selves &. for being such good 'buddlee'l I'll 
m iss you next year_ Take care & ba good. 
Fondly, Lisa 

Gary Callas Barney B-maybe aomeday we'll 
meet on a desert Island ... unlll then , take 
care of yourself - Lisa 

Professor Leigh Bruce Cieri< - you're the 
greatest!! We alt love you madty &. well m iss 

. you. Take care ! - A Fan 

Hey MVK! You're a pretty funny tellow ! and 
I'm mesmerized by your 100k.1 I'll miss you 
beck east, Buddy! LKM 

10 Mark, the notorious man from goeItingen 
We'lI miss you n .. t year, mlster l Thanks for 
being you- Lisa & Mark 

To Lieber Uncle Hans - thanks lor.o much l 
I' ll miss you next yeer_1f I were Only ten years 
older . . . Lisa 

Anna Banana - You've been a fantastic RA & 
you're a very neat and special person. 
Thanks! Lisa Mc 

Mr. Dave Sloane - you're like the scarecrow of 
02 ... very special. Slay lhat way, okay? 
We'll mi.s you - Lisa 

Marl<us - You 've given me. beautiful year and 
I tove you even mar. th8l'l befor • . I'll always 
smile tOI you! You are the .ungod & sun-
shine of my lifel Boy , are you special. and 
boy, do I love you. RRROOWRRRI Your lisa 

SISYPHUS: I I .... you dee"y. Your WI"""" 
f .... nice wlme now.t till. demn typew,lIer_ 
Thank. for trying - " mea... '0 mud!. 
Congr1ltulatlons on your IIr.tUltion - I hope 
" lum. out .0 be oIoey lor you from"" on 
out. From tile lootert 

Wild blue yonder, well by Ihe old clock on the 
wall I see that times just about run out. Hey, 
but lI.ten, thl. doesn't have to be the end, 
crap no_ Hey, April Z, remembsr : You, me, 
the tub of col t.ge cheese , and how abOut 
Feb. 12, the mayonalse, the hockey puck, 
well you get the picture. And so do I. 8 by 
10'x, glo •• y_ Nlc. detail. Bu! hey , you come 
beck nexl yeer and we'll talk aboot teerlng up 
the negaU""s. Be lOOking forward 10 .... ng 
you next year. Big Daddy_ 

Ann ClrtJenry - keep 0001 Ihls summer and 
don't forget to wl lte me l 77-78 co-chalr ... 
lhanks for all II 

To all the UJS Crowd - ha ... good 1.,.1 
Braoo.i., Weehlngton th l. summer love the 
Obsequious Moo", 

Danny Marquez - you 're sUCh a creepl If you 
were more responsible you wouldn'l hew to 
lie. With "uch • big ego I can believe thet 
you're Insecurel Grow up l Not one of your 
babss. 

Contlaued on P.ge 17 

Friday, Jue 11, 1m triton times 

<Would 

, 

---Ln 

~bJ.d.i.o~, On£. be.d'Wonu, and 
two b-e.J'WO~ fwm $ 37, 900. 
..£otte.'tY to be. fufd thk month. 
go't info'l.m.a1ion calI 459-3891 

[fa? 

( 

Page 5 

McKellar It Associates 
1250 

Prospect Street. St.ite C .. 14 

I 



Koalas Raise Question 
Of Dietetic Preferences 
Eucalyptus Leaves ... 

billows. And one blows softly 
through 

Stone Takes a Bite 'of Humble Pie 
I think the proposal of the koala 

as a !ICbool mascot is a stupid and 
taateless Idea. The koala Is too 
cute, too meek and shy and easily 
victimized. It suggests, not 
strength and achievement, wt 
frailty and ine~tude. The triton, 
on the other hand, is a servant of no 
less a being than Venus, the 
Goddess of Love . Witness a 
passage I happened to come 
across: 

his soundiag sea-sbeU, another 
spreads a silken web against the 
SWl, 

a third presents the mirror to the 
eyes of his mistress, while the 

In my zeal to ensure that 
registration fees would not in-
crease to pay officer salaries, I 
misquoted Jeff Leifer in the 

Fight Rape 
A Wisconsin county judge 

recently gave men permission to 
rape' women. In a rape case, 
county judge Archie SimoMOn 
justified the gang rape of a 16 year-
old girl as a normal reaction to a 
sociaUy permissive environmenl 

He bas interpreted a violent act 
against women as a natural act. 

Our sisters in Madison, 
Wisconsin are calling (or the 
removal of this judge from office. 
We are supporting this action by 
circulating petitions. 

THE RAPE TASK FORCE 

campus press. I erroneously stated 
that, .• Jeff Liefer promised us fees 
wwld not raise! ! ! II I apologize for 
this error, though I realize the 
apology cannot make up for the 
damage done. 

The issue I addressed in the 
previolL'lletter was: an increase in 
fees to pay officers a salary. Jeff 

Enter Freely ... 
Continued from Page % 

The teacbers will need that 
solidarity, as they are fighting 
against strong odds. Schools are 
under fire tbese days, as society's 
scapegoat for the decline in morals 
among young people. The San 
Diego UDioa and EveaiDg TribaDe 
have both editoriaUy blasted the 
teachers. The public is strongly 
opposed to public employ~ 

"His flight 
training was worth 
$300,000. It didn't 

cost us a cent:' 
Mr Walter A Foley, Port Angeles. Washmgton 

"Our son is a Navy jet pilot. And the way I 
figure it:' 'says Mr. Foley, " if his flight training is 
worth more than a quarter million. he's got to be 
good:' 

If your son is a senior or college graduate 
who can qualify, the Navy will guarantee him a 
placeinfl ight training school before he jOins If he's 
a sophomore or junior, our Aviation Reserve 
Officer Candidate Program reserves him a place 
in Naval aviation before he graduates. 

11 you Ii lir ,1\ your son can Qualify, suggest he 
see his Navy Recruiter. 

Be Someone Special. Fly Navy. 

Call orWrite 
UCSD GRADUATE, ENSIGN DENNIS JUDSON 

NRD San Diego 
NTC San Diego 

Calif . 92133 
(714) 293-6444 

has assured me that be would fight, 
and even veto, a bill to pay officers 
a salary. Jeff is working bard to 
put the new government 00 its feet. 
Which is no easy job with critics 
like me on the sidelines. I wish the 
ASUCSD much luck, and much 
criticism. 

PETER STONE 

strikes. 
But the teacbers seem deter-

mined. and tbey should keep 
struggling because they're making 
some good points. Administrators 
should not be paid more than 
teachers; the practice causes 
many good teachers to move out of 
the classroom where they are 
desperately needed. The San Diego 
school district does have too many 
administrators, who operate in 
isolation, making decisions af-
fecting students they never see. 
Classroom size is directly 
proportional to t eaching e f-
fectiveness; no one can seriously 
expect a teacher to be effective 
with 40 kids in the classroom. 

And, as the teachers continue to 
picket peacefully, another car 
passes by on the street. The driver 
honks, and waves a clenched a fist. 
The teachers grin and wave back. 

And lo! at her unuttered will, her 
ocean-servants are in waiting: 

the daughters of Nereus are 
there singing their song, and 
Portunas, 

and Salacia, and the tiny 
charioteer of the dolphin, with a 
host of 

Tritons leaping through the 

... or Bullshit? 
Hunter S. 'Thompson once said 

that listening to politicians speak 
was like having "dull speeches for 
breakfast, duller speeches for 
lunch and bullshit with gravy for 
dinner." Andy Schneider's koala 
letter (May 18, 1977) has convinced 
me that it is dinnertime at UCSD. 

Schneider ran for ASUCSD 
President and later for Muir's 
ASUCSD representative on an 
issues platform. He said that he 
would work for important changes 
here, and somehow the koala vs. 
triton question does not seem to be 
as important as better studenVTA 
ratios, Third College Unit II fun-
ding, keeping our library intact or 
any of the other problems facing 

Traveling? 
Call an experienced travel agent who can 

save you time and money 

Speedy Rice 
I MT - Torrey Mesa Travel, Inc. 

Worldwide reservations and ticketing 
(714)452-1981 

For both busine s and pleasure trips 
A rree sen-ice 10 you 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
Behind La Jolla ViUage Inn 

others swim side by side below, 
drawing ber chariot. Such was the 
escort of VenllS as she went upoo 
the sea. 

(Walter Pater, MarIq 
tile Eplcareu. ch. 5) 

The triton is an active being, 
performing a variety of functions, 
working together with his fel.loWl 
to serve an important and beautifll 
calL'le. He is not a stuffed animal 
biding in his tree all day munchin« 
eucalyptus leaves. 

SUSANSEU 

our school and its new governmenl 
What I would like to ask is that 

Muir College's ASUCSD 
representative be responsibk 
enough to recogn!ze the issues 
are really important. Manyoet:lDltl. 
are watching the new antl'"rr'''''''nt 
to see if it can work . 
need for it to work. It can't 
though, if the people in it rush 
on meaningless tangents the 
minute they are safely elected.. 

So please, for the students ' 
work on the issues that you 
that you would. We need those 
changes more than we need koalas. 

MICHAELCHYBOWSKI 
Junior, Muir College 

i·-··-·· ..... · ··~· ..... ··-.·-··-··~'~ ......... ~·-.. ~·-··-··-·· ........ ~·-·~·"·.-~ .................... -... ~~.-: 
I I 

I FALL HOUSING I 
I Single Undergraduates-
i 
s 
I , 
I 
i 
I 
I 
s 
I 

J 

I 
f 
l 
i 
: 
I 

Space is available at the 
Mesa Apartments this Fall. 

Sign up in the Residential 
Apartment Office. 

9258 A Regents Rd. 
For info call Pat at 422-2952 

l-.. -. ____ ._. .. _ .. _____ ._. __ . __ . ___ ...... __ , __ ._ .................. _._.-.-.... ,~ 

Friday, JuDe 11, 1J77 

city Council Approves 
L J Speciality Center 

by CiDdhi Hill 
Staff Writer 

The San Diego City Council Wednesday approved the La JoUa Specialty 
Center, a mu1ti-unit shopping complex, slated for construction southeast 
of UCSD off La JoUa Village Ave. 

The Council was meeting to hear an appeal by La JoUa merchant, Fred 
Scott, Jr. against a recent decision by the Planning Commission to ap-
prove the May Co,/Bren Corp. project. 

The shopping center was approved by the Planning Commission on 
March 15, overriding a Planning Department's recommendation to deny 
the permit because tbe center does not conform with the University 
Corrununity Plan. 

Councilman Leon Williams and Jess Haro voted against denial of the 
appeal. 

Testimony was heard from Scott and his attorney, a constituency 
representing the May-Bren partnership, the Planning Dept., individuals 
from the University and La JoUa community areas, the chainnan of the 
University Planning Group, and various members of the UCSD com-
munity, including the office of the Chancellor, the faculty , the ASUCSD 
and the Graduate Student Council, 

Planning Department official 
Ken Kline, reiterated the depart-
ment's previous recommendation 
that the shopping center be denied, 
and in addition suggested the re-
zoning of a northerly portion of the 
May IBren property to R-3, a 
residential zoning. Such a re-
zoning would prevent commercial 
development of the property. 

Bruce Henderson. Scott's at-
torney, said, "It is our contention 
that the specialty center is regional 
because it is designed to draw over 
80 percent of its market from 
outside the local area." 

" Therefore," Henderson said, 
" the question here is the viability 
of the University Community plan, 
which clearly states that a regional 
shopping center is not desireable 
for the area." 

The presentation by the 
representatives of the Specialty 
Center was headed by the San 
Diego-based attorney Ferdinand 
Fletcher. 

The design of the center was 
emphaSized during a slide 
presentation, during which su~ 
porters of the center said, that 
because of the "heavy emphasis on 
use of natural materials and 
landscaping" and because it "will 
not have the sense of anchored 
ends" as in other shopping centers, 
the project is "not in a regional 
category as defined by the city of 
San Diego. " 

Dr. Walter Munk, representing 
campus faculty, Peter Tiersma of 
the Graduate Student Council and 
President Jeff Leifer, speaking for 
the ASUCSD, all indicated a 
unanimous opposition to the 
project due to its non-confonnity 
with the Community plan, its 

Continued on Page 14 

Marsha ... 

Students Act 
To Form Class 
On Sexuality 

by John Compton 
StaHWrlter 

The lack of a human sexuality 
course has prompted some student 
action to see that such a class is 
instituted. 

A sheet has been placed in the 
Department of Physical Education 
with the intent of soliciting names 
from students to show that there 
"is support" for such a course. 

Howard Hunt , acting Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Mfairs, stated that he feels that the 
course is " very needed and 
necessa ry . " 

"Evidence seems to show that 
one of the greatest problems in 
society today relates to sex, II said 
Hunt. He posed a hypothetical 
question, asking : " Why enter a 
relationship without the knowledge 
to make it a healthy relationship, 
complete with an understanding of 
what's going on?" 

To meet the requirements of the 
Committee on Educational 
Program, the course must 
originate from an academic 
department, and presently there's 
a problem in finding a department 
willing to support the course. Hunt 
noted that other colleges have the 
same such course in a variety of 
different departments, including 
biology, sociology, anthropology 
and physical education. 

Continued from Page 1 
We knew we couldn't get the administration to accept $348 (the 

minimum reg fee level for next year) and we didn't want $372 (the 
maximwn level). sO we compromised on $360," Harris said. . 

Among the other issues which caused controversy for the conuruttee 
were the cost of gynecological services at the Studen.t Health Ce~ter and 
continued funding for intercoUegiate and recreational athletics, the 
campus Day Care Center and the Crafts Center. 

Alternate Plans 
"There is only a minimal chance of fun~~,free gy.necol,ogi~~l servi~es 

directly through registration fee montes, HarrIS sa1d: But R1Ck 
Whitehill (the Associate Vice-chancellor of Student Affalrs) 1S working ~n 
several alternative plans to allow free pap smears and pelV1C 
examinations. " 

Among the methods being examined are using medical ~tudents to giye 
free examinations as part of their education and allowmg C?f!UDuruty 
health clinics to use campus facilities in exchange for glvrng free 
examinations to women students, Harris said. 

In addition, intercollegiate and recreational athletics were funded on a 
permanent basis, while the Day Care Center an~ Crafts Center we~e 
placed on a "one-time only" funding basis, Wh1Ch means they will 
probably lose their reg fee funding after next year. . ' 

As for next year, Harris linked the f~rthe~ level of regIStratIOn fees to 
several factors, including the rate of mnation and enrollment, and the 
salary raises the state legislature gives to UC employees. " 

(While the Legislature sets pay rates for UC employees, the uOlvers1ty 
has to pay the actual salaries. The bulk of reg fee dollars goes to pay 
employee salaries.) 

Harris also talked about her personal plans for next year. She plans to 
try increasing communication between the committee and the student 
body through a number of methods, including open forums every quarter 
and regular open lunches where students can talk to commlttet: me~­
bers, and by sending out press releases telling what the corruruttee IS 
doing. 

ADOtherGoll 
Another of her personal goals is completion of a student services su:-

vey, to measure student feelings on services funded br the reg fee . Ha,rrlS 
said the committee would use the survey when dec1ding what servICes 
should continue to receive reg fee funding. 

triton times 

e, t e l1lelQ 
aQd t~e C~1WPUS PROGR~M BO~Ri> SUBCONN I<1<1f:41S 

just waQt to say 

THANKS! 

Page 7 

<1qsQks for ~elpl~g to I1lske Lily <1oI1)IIQ, floQ McLeaq, 9Lmltrl, 
Gus GlordaQo BaQce Co., Nureyev's i)oQ Quixote, ReQQY LogglQs, sQd 
tqe rest, tbe grest successes Lqey turQed out to be • So, tbsQk you, 
frol1l t~e 'Pop i[veQts, Music, <DsQce, i>rsms, Lecture, sQd film 

subc~m",lttees. 
~Qd, iQ 8S 8dditioQ to tbsQkiQg you, we'd like to exteQd SQ 

iQvitatioQ 8Qd ask you to: 

• • JOin us 
JolQ our subcol1lmlttees. Have a bSQd IQ tbe dccisloQ III klQg. 
Help to lQake Qcxt year 3Q eveQ bettcr year. If you're lQtercstcd, 
just call .152·4080 • We're waltlQg to bcar rrolll youl 
P .. Have 8 ~errUlc SU~1MI£R! 



.. 

Fliday,JuoelO,un7 
PaleS I rllolll hnc'S 

T *iTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Speakers ESS AMT-3 rock monitors warranty 
stili valid call eves leave name and phone 
$550 75~8332 (6110) 
LED <;EPP--must selill 4 tickets·great seats 
floor center LA Forum 6127 make any offer 
453-8346 (61 to) 

For Sale By Owner. Delightful 3 bedrm. 2 
bath home in Shores. 2 blks from beach. 4 
blocks from Scripps Institute. Charming 
IIv Ing rm I beamed ce ill ng If I repl ace. 
diningrm. plus dinette off large sunny kit· 
chen . 2 car garage with auto door. Security 
System. $152.500454-8710 (6 110) 
Altec Speakers 12" Base 2 1/2" high ex· 
cellent condit ion I S300 per pair or? 
Guarantee 755-7150 (6110) 

TOYOTA 68 AUTOMATIC TRANS. 4DR. 90K 
MI. LEAVtNG CALIF·MUST SELL. CALL JIM 
755-0793 S200 OR BEST OFFER (6 It 0) 

1970 Carryall V-8 A.C. AMI FM. nfffl oattery, 
tires . shocks. hitch & many xtras. Must selt 
Pryla 75~4076 (61 t 2) 

Dynac04tO power amp. 2OOwfch. Rms80h· 
ms exoel. cond o A definite requirement for 
good music $260 755~93. (6110) 

Sony 7055 Rec Sony 5520 Tble. 2 J BL L26 
Srks. S5OO. 75~2768 (6110) 

Led Zeppelin Is coming. Good floor seats at 
good priCes. Call and find out for yourselt 
453-0878 (6/10) 

Desk 4 drawers very good COndition $45 
sIOgle bed Includes box spnngs mallress and 
Iralne $15. 452-1220 (6/10) 
Guitar-nylon string great shape S25. Call 
Dave at 755-4108. (6110) 

Double bed wlframe·good condition. Chair 
Included. $25.00 for both . 453-5845 (6/10) 

Stereo System-BSR turntable . cassette deck. 
and either two speakers or four. $125 or offer. 
Pete 452-9781 (6/10) 

CRC handbook 01 chem and physlcs-53rd 
Edition. Good price. Call Jeff· 453-5257. 
Leave II. (6110) 
Large Men's 10'speed $70 used. I twas $170 
new In Nov. Must sell . Beth. 453-1387. (6110) 

Darkroom worktable S10. Metal bookshelf $S . 
American flag $2. Wrestling shoes (SI0) $5. 
481-8019 (611 0) 

BaJa Natural History Cruise to ISland. In Sea 
of Cortez. 25 Jun .• 2 Jul. $325 Contact F. 
Rokop 225-4BB X4770 (6112) 

welcome 10 

Electric potter's wheel exoellent condo S175 
call Peter 755~19 (6110) 

'69 VW Bug . Rebuilt engine needs some work 
$800. Call Julie 284-7997 or X3755 (6/10) 
Yamana 250 enduro mint condition 5600.00 
Yamaha 125 enduro $200.00 both I must sell 
call Bruce 481 -9207 

Single bed·oomplete wlFRAME & headboard 
$20 call 277-8727 

Adldas SL 72 Size 1 O. Offer 455-1184 

Led Zep Ticketsl Must seit . 45~2914 Heidi 0( 
Dulcie 

Crosby . Stilts & Nash. concert tickets (tower 
level) (452-1543) (6-8 p.m. M-F all day Sat & 
Sun) 

Surf Boards Infinity 7'3" $35. Surl Des. 7'1 '. 
$35. Good Cdt. 75~1844 

Garage sale June 11 & 12. Refrlg. Bed couch 
table chairs 2159 Oxford Ave. Cardilf 436-
5248 

1966 FO(d Falcon with new engine. Looks 
ugly bul runs good. $350. Lynette 452-199t 

1974 Datsun B210 tmmac Condo Low miles 
radial ti r~s top perlormance 27()'7556 

2DWD 2 way speakers. GO. Cond .• 3Owatt . 
Must selll S60 or best offer. BARGAfN! Call 
Richard 433-6514 
1969 VW good condition St 100 or offer 45!>-
1184 

Crosby . Stills and Nash concert tickets 
(lower level) . 452-1543 6-8 pm M·F. alt day 
Sat . and Sun . 
Bike for sale Excellent condition $40 call 755-
8063 
1973 Hornet Hatchback. Auto.oS cyl .. 96000 
miles-runs good only $900. evenings 755-
5919 

Nivlco AM IF M stereo receiver 8 track player 
& turntable $150 or best offer. Call Pat 45~ 
7689. 
1967 MG yellow convertible $1.500 new 
Inlenor & transmission. Xnlt condition . Call 
Mo 226- 97 . 

lIousiN(I 
P.B apt. near beach . Need F roommate for 
summer only. Ouiet non· smoker 21-25 yrs 
preferred. Own room. share bath. No pets 
please. Call 272-1939 after 5. all day 
weekends . (61 10) 
2-3F roommates needed lor Del Mar duplex. 
Own room ex location calt PAM 481-8389 
after 5 pm (6110) 
F roommale wanted summer only own room 
furnished $108 a month utllinciuded Del Mar 
755-7366 (6/10) 

lhe family 

THE SAME GREAT QUALITY 
SERVICE AND LOW PRICES 

HAVE BEEN EXTENDED TO INCLUDE 

Tune·up Special 
feR· yourV.W.or Da.sun 

t~~~is INC'~~~:SN OISTHIHlITOH ONOlNSOA t;HECIC PLU(j WIHES ALVE COVfR GASKETS SE r OWl t.L &0 liMING OJUST VALVES 011 CHAfIIGE & CASKtTS &0 f Il r£ R OJU$T (AR8URe TOR 
$25.95 on ... 0 •• ¥-W •• R,. U, 

tAU 1M' lMlof) 

$44.95 on ... os. Da.suns n •• S55 
IAII r~tU & L.boo' 

- - - ---;lfA$iP~5E:TCo~B£fOA£ s'ER;.'CE'GOOo ~H7JUne3o-:19n - --
All TUN[ UPS GUARANTEED 2 MOS OR 2000 MIL :, 

4881 VOL r AfA[ S1 (JUAN HlACfl 
n50183 

GOOOTHRUJUNE 30.1917 
4&00 lL CAJON IlLVD _ 

f-A~r5ANOIf.uO ....... "' •• 
~R3nll _ 

Roommate (s). M or F wanted . Own room . 
$100 f'Pr month. Del Mar house. furnished 
call 75!>-1408 (6/10) 

2F roommates wanted for neKt school yr In 
G.H. condo $82.50 ... utlls non·smoker 453-
5259 or453-7495 (6/10) 
Led Zeppelin lickets-good tickets available. 
For San Diego and Los Angeles 488-7.18 
(6/10) 
Need 2 females to live In 3 BDRM house In 
Del Mar. Beautiful all·wood house with 
everything furnished . One block from beach 
on Coast Blvd . Keep trying 755~ (6110) 
Female roommate wanted. own room. bath . 
no pets. on bus line. Del Mar Heights. St 20. 
Month Deb 481-8019 (6/10) 

Male Christian mate needed to shere 3 bd 
condo wlpool $87lmo ... 'I. utll near 
campus. Call 452-8976 5 pm on (61 t 0) 

t need a studio or a room In a house or 
aparlment for the month of July UCSD grad 
Michael 452-8967. 61 to 

Female roommate wanted for summer & 
school year. Oulet . neat. nonsmoker. Own 
foom & balh. Pool . lacUlll. walking distance 
to UCSD. $13OImo. Calt 453-6253. Ask for 
Kerrl 0( leave message. (6/10) 

N~d responsible roommate 107.50 ... 'I> uti . 
4 blks to ocean . Own room P.B. Gary 272-
8359 (6 It 0) 

EKpert typing. term papers. theses. resume • • 
etc. Reasonaole rates . Village Secretariat . 
t205 Prospect. Suite 250. 4~-6316. (6110) 
Typing for boslness or school. Accurate. fast 
efficient. Reasonabte hourly rates. Nora 298-
3528 (6/10) 

Typing Marilyn would like to fulfill your 
typing needs expert . reasonable. has IBM 
new ~ 270-6728 (6/10) 

Malh grad will tutor calculus sequences one 
& two. 'Can be avaliaOle over finals. $5 per 
hour 753-8952(6/10) 

Tired of all those split ends? Give your hair a 
Ireat With a genuine Fuller tOO % Boar Bristle 
Hair Brush. FO( Fuller Brush Service. call 
276-7687 and leave name & no. (6/12) 

TYPING IBM SELECTRIC term papers 
theses. Ph .D. dissertations. editlngs. RUSH 
JOBS • 45~0656 . 560-8171. 452-1588. 266-
4936 . (6112) 

TRAVEl 
Vacation I Am looking lor easy·golng. Old-
venturous person(s) to go backpacking thru 
Sierras or blcycle roding thru Western states 
thiS summer 4-8 wks start July t (or so) get 
together party June 3 7 pm In Encinitas. 753-
2137 (6 / 10) 

Need ride to San Fran or preferably Oregon 
Oy t8 June will share costs call145~5881 or 
423-3002 ask fOI Ninon 

Wanted! A car to drive 10 east coast in July 
one way only Dave 452-9050 Jacqi 481 .871'9 
or 452-2OO/j 

Riders need to Houston via 18 & 110. Split 
driving. gas. and good times . LV about 6120 
Steve 452-9530 

WANTEd 
Wanted I Grad students must be bilingual 
Eng.ISpan. In business or Econ . for t2 wk. 
fulltime summer Internship. Call W.t.C.H.E. 
Collect303-492-7t77 (6113) 

Anyone Interested In part or full time em.-
ptoyment guaranteed wage 01 ~/hr. 
Customer service. Must have own trans-
portation. Perfect for summer employment. 
San Diego Area. 276-7687. Leave name and 
number. (6110) 

What are you doing after finals? Limited 
number of Zeppelin tickets available in Loge 
Sec 16. 45~1229(6/10) 

Handball partner(s) to play 2 or 3 times a 
week. During summer. X2619 Steve (6/10) 

LOST 
An off·whlte ault I.ellet wu I_an by 
mlst.k. at Coronado Cay a Party. Fri. 
E.e. 6/3 . ff you heve Info. ple •• e con,.,t 
Kerry Johnson x3003 or 45~705. paL 
4113 Reward. 

Jutay. Jutay . Jutay. How I've longed to meet 
you! What has 4 wheels and flies. A garbage 
truck. Paul 

Attention sports car drivers: Fed up with 
polloe radar? Now you can do something 
abou t It·· fight backlll Super snooper. the 
most sophistlcatad radlar detector on the 
market. as Seen In Time Magazine and 
Playboy Is now available In SO extluslvely 
through Ihls distributer. Call 276-7687 and 
leave name & no. (6 / 12) 
Tired of all those spflt ends? Give your hair a 
treat with a genuine Fullet 100% Boar Bristle 
Hair Brush. For Fuller Brush Service. call 
276-7687 and leeve name & no. (6/12) 

Need extra cash? Paying top dollar for U.S. 
Silver coins before 1965. Also buying old 
coins. Call Ken 75!>-7371 (6112) 

Swimming Pool Hours 
for Anal week 6/13-

6/17 are 12noon-10 pm 

The Triton TImes Recognizes 

CAMPUS 
PROGRAM 
BOARD 
For its Advertising Support 
this Year 

PEPPERLAN 0 77 
THE WORLD'S LARGEST 

ROCK FAN AND FILM FESTIVAL 
Rare and Never-seen Films of 

beatles. stones. hendrix. 
zeppelin. wings and MORE 
Sunday, June 12,1977 10am-10pm 

Duena Pork Convention Hotel-
7675 Crescent Ave. Dueno Pork 

!Admission at Door-S5.00 -S4.00 with UCSD ID 

TherefSa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

MCAT Over 35 yurs of experience 
and IUCCftI OAT 

LS.'" Small CI ..... "I Voluminous home BRE study materiat. 
CourlM that are ATlSB constantly updated 

DCAT CPAT 
Tape facilities for 
rev iews of class 
lessons and for use 
of supplementarv 
mlt.ri.ls 

FLEX Make·ups for ECFMB m i,..d lessons 
IIT'L .ED BOS 

SAT- VAT 
.SAN DIEGO CENTER 

2180 Garnet. Pacific Beec:h 92109 

FACTORY PRICES TO YOUr Phone 7M-270-6810 
Junior. Missy. Childrcn & MCD'. 

(Sel~Cf"d Imperfecls) 
5887 University 

287 -9160 
•• . 10-6. 

~ 
EDUCATfONAL 

CE",TER 

Branch. in major us citl .. 
and Switzerland 

Friday, June 10, 1977 

Goodbye, 
again ... 

Continued from Page 17 

Rae two years what can I say. H_en ond 
hell and a 101 of tI .. u~ and munchies Love 
your roomy 

So long . farewell . aulwledersehen. goodbye. 
Becky. Laurie. Sue and all-It·s been I long 
haul. TGIS. 

Liver. Cycles of change<-may yours be good 
this summer. Take care Lfil 

Risto relppas herrayap? Take care you 
suckahh. You cla.n I'll cook next year'/ LV 
PECK 2 

Goodbye to Don. Mark. Tom. Nana. Laurie. 
Marty. Debbie. Lwry. Kathy. Eric. Ken. 
Richard. Ed. Doug. Janet. Paul. Jr. Alicia. 
Carol . George. Dave. Ralph and aft my other 
frfends at UCSD who have made my four 
years here not onty tolerable but enjoyable 
as well-Bill Wake 

Marla. Douglas and Karen : Thanks for a really 
Great Year l! 0-2 Is the oesll Love Matt 

Thank you everybody for everything. Love 
you alt!! What can I say T J? White IIghtnln & 
wine. Greggetl Anytime. Alexlst Fern street . 
Danny? Let's fry. Toml Kathy·straws 
and artichokes (and Erlcl) Thin walls. aren't 
they. Evelyn? Thenks. Carlo. Tim. & Dall8. 
Field. that ball Kellyl What'. your name. 
Jeff? See y'all next Thursday nlghtl Love. 
Cecilia 

Prlnoe Charming-its been unbelievingly 
enjoyable knowing you this year. We've had 
lots of fun together and done lots of unusual 
arid kinky things. Nothing makes me happier 
than being with you and making you happy· 
Sleeping beauty 

To the 4 t976 F·House foxesl You' re great 
roomies as well as cutie-plesiliove you alII· 
-Annabelvedere 

sandy Lane beach bonnles l Goodbye and 
goodtuck to you aft next year I Here's to 
healthy appetltesl Anne 

Ron; Alias Pierre. you 'lIlol18 Magic Mountain 
and the perverted lountaln good luck JB 

Mike and Neal you're 2 speclaf guys. sorry I 
didn't come by more often keep In touch love 
Diane 

Rene-poor Ragedy wit I have to be raped by 
the Mesa Muggers! No more blake-beasts! 
Sun & lals. Machi 

Rocky Mtn Oyster People-The gang·why do 
you all have to stay here when t leave? You're 
the best group of people at UCSD. You made 
this the best year of my Ille. I'm going to 
miss you alt. Big Kev 

TILBs never hed It so good CC-frya. sick 
trays. friends down. 2 fingers, lessons 
(vrmm). contemplating stars. muddy feet. 
mission accomplished and more to come l TJ 

To all of my friends at SCUD: Even though I'll 
soon be in TeKas cutting up cadavers I'll 
cherish all the moments we've spent together 
a. long as I have a smile on my lece and a 
bulge in my pants. Oh. there's a yaller rose In 
Texas, That I am gawn to see BW 

Mark·1t hasn't been simple. but we have 
survived. It's been fun . and It's been a 
leamlng eKperience. Thanks ... David 

Zenaida: I love your lace your eyes your nose 
your elbows your mota" your cuticle and 
also too your gonadotropins . Bye. 

S.P .·I·m going to miss you a lot can't wait tilt 
July 23 . You've made me happy. I smorg you 
very much·S. P. 

Herb-I'm really glad we got to know each 
other so well . I'm going to miss your hard 
headed ness. Henrietta 

Francine hope you have a great summer In 
MD I don't need to say goodbye cos I know I' ll 
see youl Clndl 

OKO. Bug squashlng·oven fires·R&A-
oompas·always there when I need you·you 
are a true pall Love ya AI 

Licorice kid where were you hiding for two 
yeers? Miss you already Flake 

Challenger suite 350 I enjoyed living with you 
guys. Gonna miss you next year. Have a 
good summer·luv Gus 

Jo-Strelsand you're not but keep singing 
you're a giving person but not as much as I 
am. Nurse E 

Julie-I'm lorry. II was lust me and not my 
mind that was oonfuslng things. Thanx lor 
passing my way 

Kevin . Sue. Doug. Brenda. Jim, Don and 
Chrts. Take with you memories 01 good tlmn 
Shered together I You INde this ya.r la,.. 
I sticl My love to all of you. Alison 

t803 babea: Its been • veritably dynllerous 
year! Thanks for being such hhhwonderful 
influences I Oh beby baby. Oh baby baby 
We'll miss you lotsl Love. the 1801 trouuutsl 

Fight for no exc ... charge PAP, & pelvlcs 
will continue neKt f.II-lrs our rlghtl 

Rent my apt In LA Jolla from June 19 to Aug 5 
$250. total cost. 1 1/2 blocks from beach call 
Craig at .59-17.1 

Meteor 150-You're the nicest family a person 
COUld have. This yeer would have been really 
dull without you guys around-I' II mise you all 
next year. Love Sue. 

EvBR: Fortnights can lead to lifetimes EGC 

Sharon-I'm really lucky to have lound a 
roommate like you. See you over the sum. 
mer? Love always. ?11 

T J·Let's work on our tenniS strokes th is 
summer and try again next year. It·s been 
fun! Love. Vicki 

Sheri . although the days grow short and soon 
you will be all too. too far away )IOu wlfl 
always be near In my heart. Steve 

Doug Carman. yo~ are being secretly a~ 
miredl 

Linda. Dominic. Bruce. Greg. Mark· You·re all 
wonderlul friends & you've made UCSD really 
enjoyable for me. We've had many good 
times together. Let's try to get togelher this 
summer. but if we don't t'lI see you all nelt 
year. Have a great summer. Luv ya all· Jull 

Sarah. 76-n was a good y ... r and you helped 
make It happen. Thank youl Love AG 

S.W.·I·II always remember basebalt games 
and loe. choc. chip cookies and all the other 
crazy things we did. Thanks 10( being you. 
ALOHA (it's going to be a blastl) JK 

Paul and Dave the dynamic duo. glad I got to 
know you and understand you. I will miss 
you. Love Joanle 

To DeeOee Olson. Though we never mel. 
think you're beautiful Maybe somedlay. Love 
Geoff 0 

Baybeell.l·m going to miss you so much this 
summer·hopelully we won't be apart too 
much· I'll love you forever Baybeell 

TO mlsler Macro. the scourge of Chule Vista 
end the Duck·breedlng frlppophlle-so long 
and good luck 

Johney . Jason. Kiwi & Ken. Here's toallthe5 
tit times we' ve had . You've got en open In· 
vitatlon to Bezerkeley I love u alt &. I'll miss 
you. Karen 

Jeff and Garth. how are you going to win 
without me? I en/oyed the beer and pizza and 
the cheer leadets too 

Three Cheers for Mighty Tlt·Untll next year 
and mO(e revenge-adlos-~ommandO from 
Mighty c.o.c.k. 

Cindy and Abbe : you both have been a joy to 
work wlt~much happiness atways-Iove. 
Shauna 

To the n staff : It's been fun. gang you 're a 
great group of people. Love. Shauna 

Lisa·have a fantastic summer. Enjoyed the 
tennis games & glad we met. Take carel 
Always Eugene 

Betty III & _2-maybe someday we' lI own a 
cafeteria. I hope you both survive next year. 
Mias you 1f3. 

The Tahoe Kid . thankx for giving me all that 
you have. May we grow and share together. 
Love always. your little drop of Florida 
sunshine. 

Stevie wonderful. How' lI I exist all summer 
long? I guess I do truly love ya. so call & write 
or /e me tueral. You were wrong. my 
goodbyes aren't the easiest. Feel like crying. 
I'll miss ya so. Love. WBY 

To all the members of the water weenies: 
Thanx for being there when I needed you the 
most. Especlelly the faithful boys. Have a hot 
summer. Lotsa love Danlelle 

Punkin I guess You are finally a soph . It's 
been quite a year but I wouldn' t trade It for 
anything . Remember the cooking lessons 
thiS summer. Paul 

FREEl 
Dance tonight 
R_il.Plaza 
8:00-12:00 pm 

sounds "Ocean" 

John : "You bring me up when I've been down 
this only happens when you're around ... " 
Love. Shauna 

Challenger· Suite 100 you're great. II won 't be 
the same with 5 of you gone . Come and 
vlslt.· your suite rep 

Pedro's was grand. Thanx. Captain. 

1 bro less for June 19. I am playing for bugs. 
not playing with Mickey. eeeeeeeeell GIb-
bon. 

Jo. "Thank·you" Zcorln 9:15 Wig. Thanx lor 
being closer than a brother. GUP 

ONEIL. WALCHEK . EtCHER COLCHAGOFF. 
next year go for III To all of the WOA-3 year. 
... I'm stilt sgl Hal·LANCER 

Dearest Lion. Big AI and t think you're the 
greatesl All my love. your Tiger 

To lhe window shopper. thanks for commlng 
In and browsing around. It's great Have 8 
great summer. hope to see you. A south 
WindOW 

Attenllon I will be nowhere ne r Bour· 
nemout" thl' summer ·· Dr. Fegg 

triton times 

First and foremost I want to say thanx to Lisa 
my pa without whose vast knowledge wine 
telephone rowdiness mldnite escapades 
tequila laughter & love It woult1 hall8 been 
boring : neKt to my roomie Rich thanx for 
keeping the light on all those nlt88 • Its really 
been a great year! Klml thanK for all the love 
& talks· II you evsr leellike crying I'll supply 
the fOOd Wendy "I keep my visions to myself . 
Have you any dream. you 'd like to sell?" Bob 
-1 Invite you up to LA to see what a beeut lful 
town it Is and what a joke NY Is to Mike and 
Mlshy the closet rowdies thanK lor all the 
5:30 am's latet Jef 

NtNA: To "A broed worth educating :" Sorry If 
Ilet you down· you're slill the nicest person 
I've met th is year. Have a nloe time in Israel 
and wh~ever you are. Thank you ... Rich C. 

Debble Roger Laura Fflp will my five torrupt 
neighbors keep In touch you know where I 
live 

C.P. J. J. J . I. B. and F: Thanks for the 
fanTUNAstic season. 

Kiwi. don't sniff and lick and remember my 
friends down south I'll miss you and 
remember my friends Boz 

BEATRICE · Insplte all the 'cllcs' and the 
terrible anamosity. we stili love you Betty's I. 
Z. S. 

HERB - you're alright In my bookl Mis. ya 
BOMBER. 

Janer there's bigger & better things waiting 
for us. Iluv you your roomie Lynn 

Maz oil wonderlul roomie from down under 2 
down 210 go. love you much the upper 'h 

Balno • across the sea you go • adventures 
untotdl Remember we have a rendezvous In 1 
yr · Miss you Irnen 

Liz · 0( Elena· good luck at UCLA. Take good 
care of yourself. OK? l'lt miss you lots l Love. 
Matt (RESS) 

MK KY JD It was easy for someone (0 take 
my room but hopefulty not my place In your 
hearts TIT TIT 

Debbie. Vic. Janlne. Toyel : Happy trails to 
you. until we meet agaln l NAG 

Euge. to my beloved roomie. thanks for an 
Interesting year. I guess It alt wor1<ed out. PB 

MOOSE - thanK for everything Rick & Evie 

232 9th Thanks. I'll miss you next year. 

Amour toujours, je ne veux pas dIre au'voir 
bot It faut. so let's zap a stack 'fore I go. Love 
LoveWBY 

To the blonde In F-7 this Is how we met and 
shall soon depart dO not forget the Fleet· 
wood Mac conoert because I never will I will 
meet you here the same time nelt year from 
the Blonde Guy In ~ 

Sunshine· quit that wacky· tobackyl l See you 
next year! Love Butt 

To T J C MacGregor Scotty Boy . Danny AXL 
Ass and Co. Ihanx forthe Thur. nite fries and 
down home get togethers boy thursday will 
be so bland this summer we will do it all 
again next year. Mono 

Julie · I'll miss you mucho next year. but you 
can always come to the UJS Conclavel Love. 
Robin 

Behind the scenes. that's enough! Mary Jo. 
Cunly Crystal . Perron Bab. soft·skln Yvette. 
crazy Mlr. stripped Hlesing: sleeper Joan . 
laughing Kathy . bed hitter Celina. long 
sleeve shirt Mike. thanks for the memories . 
see you neKt year. EPA 

Mr. Skublnna: Despite our "differences ," 
think you're a neat persont Inoompently 
yours . Shauna 

Michelle have a •••• time In Vi rginia. don't 
forget to write . E. Leem. 

PK • you are disgusting but people stili like 
you and not me. Go suck farts out of dead 
elephants dyke. 

Scoop Compton • life is no,as simpleasyou 
Ihink II Is. It can' t be summed up In one 
phrase. Mike 

PhallyK - you are the worst roommate anyone 
could ask for. I hope you stay In Europe. Your 
roommate. 

Bear · I'm only being an asshole because you 
were waiting fO( the chanoe to stab me In the 
back , Dyke 

To Kyle: Thanx for the ding dongs and beer. 
And most 01 all lor the advloe. Maybe Dar· 
tmouth exchange Is a good Idea aftet all . 
Have 8 great summer. Love. Kerry. 

Julie (Blue sweater Julie) •• Sorry If I mede 
you nervous. 

Joe & John. you're our fevO(lte wine oon· 
noisseurs. It's red with laSBflna. JK&JB 

Bob. Dana. and Mark . Thanks fO( the greatest 
year ever. Let a keap In touch. Qu.:k-Quacil . 
TSIK 

M R I L.Y V M. M S. P.S. Hope you'rehappy 
this summer 

Sherm (KE&MM) • well It finally came· the 
end · but t won 't say bye cause I 'll always be 
there · love ya muchol 

Owt t ke good care of yours It th is 'ummer 
COl I love you 1 hlnk SDSU' PS Wrlle m I 
KOALA BEAR 

Marl/uaoa • Come IIslen to a tape by Dr. 
Hardin Jones. Friday June 10 7:30 pm 2b 
1103 Free 

Joan. Marti . Blake and Perry · you don't get 
rid 01 me that eaSily. I'll see you lator (II not 
sonar)·H Farewell to the damn best house on 
campus. Right on D-housel • The qu iet man. 

Specie-to a very special lady In my life. I have 
given all I have to give and received much 
mO(e back In return . I shall miss not seeing 
you every day and will look lorward to a visit 
this summer. Lv. A 

P Band M In S.a I'm hungry. with butter and 
salt please · the nuts In the asylum 

Sue M. don·t trip or choke. Have a great 
summer·JT 

Les Ihey are there. Nibble the summer 
through. 

R Costas: Shave it off I A friend . 

Nine In three and Mrs. Dumpcake • use a 
pencil It's wider 

Dear Dare & Lyle: Thank you for 2 quarters 01 
fun. entertainment . craziness and Irlendshlp. 
We hope to hear from you sometime belons 
next February. We're betting on It. and we 
both don't want to lose. A fond farewell to 
memories past· Irom the Tuesday (sheet) 
night visitors . who wish they'd been Invited 
more often. PS - you stilt owe us a bottle. 
PPS. HI Bartzl 

P i mpsky H a Oerh oW h eelleSc h meed 
s Pal etz I oda nA rte m I sCos mo wa 
deensklCat BerleenerE t c . AstaPasta 
Luv Brownskl 

To my snookums de pookums • It w ill be 
lonely and Ice without you this summer. LOII8 
you lovy dovy 

Shauna • you have the most incred ible 
oullook on li fe that I've ever seen. You make 
everyone haPl'Y . You're also quite a friend . 
Say hi to Rexle . or is It Hexle. or ... Love. 
David 

To the Colorado Kid. a rock was just a rock 
until you showed me how to climb It. 
Farewell. Manzlnlta 

Dearest L·ters·alias CPOB. DO. E&R. It's 
been real! Thanks anyway I love you all . A' 

Hotel Chatlenger Su ite 300: Rocky 
madambamochastems. er lnabreao . 
Irollicking Mike M. pickles and cheese 

Kathy . Cull Prln t l We' lI sell Itt Mike S .. 
Tackee Joanne. In the year of the Cathy. 
Yvette honey. tight short 

Eric. homeless Cindy. Marylou Drunk· gel 
your underwear oulla the head I Alrfreshner 
Crystal too l Celina 

Christy· I hope some one In your suite next 
year loves John Denvet and plays him all the 
time. Mike 

Rlchy. I love you. t tove you. I love you. I love 
you. I love you . I love you . I love you ! Carol 
Rae 

A rose to all the Lambda tota AOPls. Have a 
beautiful summer. Next year wi ll be Ian· 
tastic! Love ANNA G 

To all my friends: (\lOth of you) UCSD was 
what It was because of you. UCLA just won't 
De the same . Take care and beware -_. from 
Alec "Dr. Llllieman" Nedelman 

DYANA · Today Is the first day of Ihe rest of 
your life· anything you want Is yours· L. 

Compact pussycat · you're the ~reatest. even 
If I do get It. what a lillie penicillin? Rock 

Seriously. Dyana · It's been a great quarter. 
have a super summer · ditto life · love Lock . 

Belh hope to see you again next yeer. Till 
thenn. take care and tenOis anyone? Eugene 

Bear you 're still my beSI man . Remember 
your schedule . Keep in touch Euge 

Mike God helps those in need: all he asks Is 
to have faith. Have a good summer. friends· 
Euge 

Meteor 250 • now I know what it ' s like to live 
in a mental ward. EnJOY your vacation the 
nonhaole 

To the ferber four plus 1. you 've all helped 
make this a fun and interesting (?) quarter for 
me Have 8 fantastic summer and stay rowdy. 
I'll miss all 01 you. Love. Tara 

Meg. Phyll . Mich. Ellen. Karen Ha. Karen Ho, 
Cath - thanks for a fun year together. Hope 
118" year brings excllement and good times. 
A special gOOd luck 10 Ellen In Israel i Love. 
your sUltie. C. Dracula 

Daffy . summer doesn't mean It heS to end . 
We can make It If we want 10. I want 10. I love 
you. Bugs 

ANDV : Glve 'em hell In Spalnll ' lIthlnk of you 
al Jackson Browne. Love. Kerry 

DG · you ' lI su(Vlve wlo my tears but how will 
my lears survive wlo you? Have a goo.. 
summer love WI. 

Amy Sc~ms·cre.m ch .... frostlng·cakes-
papers & our dIsplaced OIty. II was II 
worth It LoY 0 

Mike. M rk. Vic . and RIChard· you 're Ihe 
greatesJI Ha a good summer· Bonnie 

TO James, Greg Carl. 0 yeo Bill . Both Jeffs 
and Rlng·Olng II ",a gr at being commf tled 
with you I RICh 

Paget 

Directed to all the 5t~lIoO( people 
(especially 5.a·s). " hanx for the company 01 
your pleasure I Rich 

What do Bob DenvEr. Bob Fllpp. Bert Begg. 
George Ohsawa. Ran Anbar & assorted 
others have in common? 

Good·bye Challengerl Baybee Chinkx and 
her teddy bears. Erin 'A our sweet rep ewell 
and pal. Ms Yeevette. MJ Sperm and CZ and 
BB. Cathy · rn. "JoAnne P." Mocha chip Joan 
and to my loving roomies Kathy C poo-poo 
and Ms. Also ~bye to Judy. LOB D.ve. 
Tony Gllbert·Ann . Dennis. T Healow. Steve 
G. and to JB Broudy . So long. hall8 a fun 
summer and I'll see you all soon I! Love. 
Miriam 

KG. remember: Airport hltls-explorln~ 
soccer·" h untt ng "· t ra mpo Ilnlng-Chem 
qulzzes·rowdy parties·Laundry talks· 
cramped styles·halr cuts-Boat Dance-"Go for 
It"·turtle soup and ME l 

AML • en/oy Colo & East. butl'it blow the $. 
Oh welIILVILV-Me. 

Kenny. Curtis. Henry. Byrd . Mike D. Aungle. 
Steph. Pemy. Kev in. Sheri. Anthony. 
Jimmie. Dlon. Mike R. Joyce. Brenda. Ernl : 
Edith F. Kenny T. Lynn. Connie Diane. Voyo. 
Cheryl. Cookie. Faith. Laurie. Ptty. Denise. 
Kim C. Carlos. Russell. Blit. Mayra. Doris. 
Kim S. Pam . BC. Opal. Adrian . Ann. 
Harrison . Morris. Steven . Gary. Tara. James. 
Renee B. Allan. ChriS. Steve. Greg . Debbie. 
Sylvia. Ezee. Donna. Arnold . Judy. Both of 
Em . Terry. Bev. Dondra. Pat. Donna W. 
Debra. Nancy. Helua. Vincent. Deb. Dr. 
Thomas .. Charitolte. Tnny. Bernadette. B 
Moss. Kathy. Nore. Maggie. Joanne. And 
you Rene. 
Thank you for making my stay at UCSD 
enjoyable ... 1I0ve you all II 

To the guy with the eyes· goodbye. Its been 
... perfect . Thanx. Love Becky 

Jim ... three yeers. Seems as if onty 
yesterday we were Innocent(?) Frosh playing 
at life Today. lis a dream wortd. where the 
dreams have oome true. Yesterday was the 
swamp. playing wllh h·p·s mind . seeing the 
good life from the Inside (Jacooz?). Today 
you're the "M-l." You always said you were 
the Iowa farm boy at heart . Keep the wind· 
mills en guard. remember. live and leam. 
Finest what? ... Sam 

April , Recall the first question t ever asked? 
Well. why didn't your folks like the name 
February? K 

Sam: What can I say besides the obvious? 
Love ya lots! "Sis" 

France: Do you think when we are both 
" plaza people" we' lI see each other more? Tilt 
Sept ·Krl • . 

Duij • • Trlcklt .... Goo .. , no mailer how you 
spell 0( say It . the end resul1 is 10 ••. 

OAK · It's going to be a long 3 monthS! Can 't 
walt till next year l I'm going to miss you I 
Love ya AKS 

Debble: I pay my friends by sending them 
personals. I have 13 of them now. I guas. 
How about you? K 

To the dIning blbes of A-4 . it·s been a great 
year and I'll cherish the memories forever. 
ThanK· Ron 

Spam • Fond memories live on forever 
(Remember: Don't spread yourself thin) . 
Keep In touch. Adios . M MW 

Kim: It's oyer· are we sad or glad? Well next 
year will be great· I like sandpaper. Have fun . 
Love Hun. 

George· 20lbs and no car • that's all that'll be 
changed. Have fun In Spain. I'll mls. ya. 
Take care CML 

Tioga Funny Farm · You guys preserved my 
sanity . Never really liked short people. Out .. 
. Take Care JJ 

01- Life jus t won't be the same " type" without 
you. We tove you . Good lUck . JK . JB . KP 

Venus I would not have believed it but we 
made It In 4 and became members of the 5% 
minority. Love Eric 

Kerf Bear · Here' s to next year. R-8 & AW hole 
lotta fun l We 'lI teach the world how to be 
down· te-earth . even If we are despicable. 
Love from your agent. your best admirer, & 
your buddy. Vlckums 

Mark Rlspler and Rich Rothchild - best of 
1IIck In all endeavO(s. enjoy Ille. and endure. 
Frie1d always JD 

Cindy • Like. wow man. It·s really been 
mellow. Bye fO( now but I'll drop by and ... 
you In H HillS Take Care · Love. Dave 

Dearut Mark : You're a very special peo'son to 
me · think you 're a sweetheart· Love. the 
Sheo,lYll 

Lynn · Renee Descartes wa a drun1<en fart · t 
r+rl"k ' ... IIto(Df,... .. ,.1 !t,.., C:~"II~" I ""V. 6 mv 
Bryan so long & may your Infamous luCi( 
always hold I'll mls. you K len 

Donna I think nothing will e"'If sound qUite 
Ilk Krlsndonna its been. terrlf two ye st 
KMC 

Mike. James. & Oanl Well. I guess It WI a 
good year I See you In S ptamberf OK.bye 
LLM 



triton times 

OUf Kitchen functions until midnight daily 
and until 1:00am on weekends. 

triton times 

e -

A CENT IIA-I,L PROPEIU,Y 
STUDE SCOltltl4:CTLYAND 
AND IF PER ON BELOW 
FINAl, CA I tNEGIE 20 440 

, . 

(!(J(JD - PIZZA 
SENTE CE DISCOUNT IS 
THIS LI-UN'SCltAM IILED 
WIUTT N WISHES UCSD 
ALUC 

. . 

Carnegie-A-440 Pizza Hall • 2212 Carm Valley Road, Del Mar • 775-~778 

Pagell 



Friday, JUDe 10, 1m 

StetI(' Ifill/and J;m Ri.vsm;/I" ill ml)rJinafitln wi'" APR I prrmd/y p1l'St'nt ... 

Lodge's IINatural Avenue"; 
Lyrics Come to a Dead End 

FLOWER 
the people place to be 

by Paul Watry 
_ Sta" Writer 

As a group, the Moody Blues 
represented what was perhaps the 
most particular of all rock bands. 
Each album, meticulously 
~roduced, reflected the merging of 
five separate individuals; of-
tentimes fusing rock with sym-
phonic sound. 

It is impossible, then, to sever 
fonner member John Lodge from 
his earlier connections as a 
member of the band. He has 
certainly picked up a lot-
especially from his partner Justin 
Hayward-in the art of producing 
and selling a successful album. 
Thus. it sh~d ~_s~~t 

CINEMA 3 
Via de la Valle & 1-5 in Del Mar 755-5511 

NOW SHOWING: COMING SOON: 

RIMIMalllf! f10W 
CiOoo tOO fill 
I nl tllllll I"'t. 

CINEMA! 
"A STAR IS BORN" 

Weekdays: 
6:00&8:50 
Sat &Sun: 

12:45; 4:20; 7 & 9:45 

CINEMA 2 
"THE STING" 
Weekdays: 
6:10 &8:55 
Sat &Sun: 

12:55; 4 :30; 7:10, 9:50 

CINEMA 3 
"YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN" 

Weekdays: 
6:20&8:45 
Sat &Sun: 

1:10; 5 :25; 7:30; 9:55 

A RALPH BAKSHI FILM 

\fvIAFII 

Carney's 
back and 
Tomlin's 
got him. 

ADMISSION: Adults $2.50 Children $1.25 

June 
29 

June 
15 

June 
15 

his 'first solo album: Natural 
Avenue, should have echoes of 
earlier Moody Blues reverberating 
in its grooves. It is even less sur-
prising when it is learned that Tony 
Clarke, producer of the Moody 
Blues, produced this album also. 

The result, however glamorous, 
is not fruitful. 

The selections on this album lack 
the creative spark and zest that 
characterized the Moody Blues. 
Compared to the melancholy in-
trospection of Lodge's "Isn't Life 
Strange" or the brilliance of "Send 
Me No Wine," most songs here, by 
contrast, seem insipid. 

Particularly mediocre are the 
songs "Carry Me," which is 
completely over-orchestrated and 
"Natural Avenue," which sounds 
like a weak parody of Justin 
Hayward's "Ride My Sea-8aw." 

Though very weak, this album Is 
an important one. It represents a 
breaking away of Lodge from the 
rest of the Moody Blues. Though 
not entirely evident by the Roger 
Dean cover, Natural AveDue 
avoids as much as possible the 
cosmic cliche's that characterized 
the Moody Blues. No longer does 
Lodge sing about "This Garden 
Universe." Instead, he has opted 
for love lyrics. 

The result is not too promising. 
But perhaps Lodge will get better 
at it. Lyrics from the album are 
amazingly bad. Lines like 

Living on air you take 
From the Earth for free 
Money you make to pay 
For all this liberty 

just don't seem to make it 
nowadays. Neither does John 
Lodge . He is like a George 
Harrison .. .lost without his part-
ners. 

Rating : B 

In addition to the usual stadiwn 
extravaganzas, San Diego will host 
many smaller concerts during the 
upcoming summer months. 

Kiki Dee, sans Elton Ho John, 
will be playing at the Fox Theatre 
on June 28. 

The Greek Bowl at SDSU will 
present a summer concert line-up 
that includes Joan Baet on July 12. 

Friday, JUDe 10, 1m 

American, African, Dances 
Focus of Gaffney Workshop 

The third annual UCSD Dance 
Workshop with four artists-in-
residence, under the direction of 
Professor Floyd Gaffney. will 
take place June 27-July 24. 

The program consists of a 
course in American dance history 
and a skills and techniques 
course on dance form. The dance 
history course will investigate 
American dance, both modern 
and jazz, as a fonn of human 
expression. Class work wj.ll be 

supl~lerrlentle!1 by lectures, fUms, 

workshop. 
Dance history will be offered 

three evenings a week. The dance 
forms course will be given from 
9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday-
Friday for four weeks. 

The workshop fee of $250 in-
cludes enrolbnent in both courses 
and a $10 health and processing 
fee. The tuition for the studies in 
dance forms course only is $180 
and tuition for the dance history 
course is $120. 
' For information, 

, . Floyd Gaffney 
The . beglnnlng and in- those interested should write -to 

termediate/advanced classes in the Swnmer Session Office mail 
dance fo~ will study ~he skills code Q-028, University of 
and techniques reqwred by California, San Diego, La Jolla, 

mod~rn. Afro-Cuban a~d jazz CA. 92093 or telephone 452-4365. 
style~. The cla~ will e!D- Deadline for application for the 
phaslZe compositIOnal studies dance workshop is June 23. 
through ~he development and A recital of cello and piano 

prese~~tion of student works. music will be given by Lori 
Asslstmg Gaffne~ (Afro-C~ban KirkeU in the Mandeville Center 

dance and dance history) .will be Recital Hall on June 13 at 8 pm. 
Delor.es Cayou (Afr~Haltlan and She will be accompanied by 
Afr?")azz dance, dance. com- Pamela Stubbs. 
posltl?n and dance history), Ms. Kirkell has studied with 
Betszle Roe .(':'!odern dance, Bernard Greenhouse and Peter 

d~nce composItion ~nd dance Farrell, and has played in the San 
history) and Patrick Nollet Diego Symphony and the Sin· 
(ballet and modern dance). fonia . She is currently a member 
. Though stude~ts may enroll in of the La Jolla Piano Trio. 

either dance history or dance The program includes the 
forms, ~hey are encouraged to Schumann "Fantasy Pieces," 
enroll m . both courses con- " Dreiklunestucke" of Webern, 
currently smce each supplements " Bunraku" of Mayuzumi and the 
the ot.h~r. There . ar~ no " Shostakovlch Sonata . " 
prereqwsltes for enrolling m the Admission is free. 

,.....----- CPD Presents: ------. 

Dr. Strangelove 

./ 

Friday, June 10. 1977 
FREE USB 2722 

7:00 and 9 :30 PM 

Directed by Stanley Kubrick 
starrlna 

Peter Sellers and Georae C. Scott 

triton times 

UCSD Poets 
Come OUt of 
Woodwork 

A glimpse at the Spring '77 issue 
of 'Roadwork' proves that UC San 
Diego houses a healthy group of 
poets and writers, comprised of 
both faculty members and 
students. 'Roadwork, ' the campus 
literary journal was generated this 
~ear out . of Helicon, the poetry 
Journal, m an attempt to give 
student writing a wider audience 
than it has had here in past years 
according to editor Larry Hart: 
wick. 

The Spring issue comes as a 
result of the large nwnber of 
writers who submitted pieces for 
the winter issue. This quarter's 
issue has an expanded format with 
80 instead of the usual 30 pages. 
The intent of the Spring issue is to 
bring in a greater cultural 
diversity in the writing than was 
present in past issues, Hartwick 
said. The cultural diversity that 
Hartwick speaks of is evident in 
the selections by faculty members. 
Sherley Williams, professor of 
literature, contributed several 
poems which incorporate black 
dialect. The poetry of Wai-Lim 
Yip. also a literature professor, 
reflect the Chinese technique of the 
poem as a montage of juxtaposed 
lm8ges. 

. The, balance of the writing in the 
ISSue IS by students, and much of it 
seems to deal with the individual's 
place in society. " In general " 
Hartwick said, " the writers take' a 
less academic approach to the 
problem of the individual con-
fronting society than in the last 
issue. In the last issue, the writers 
seemed to be more concerned with 
the artistic value of language. I 
think in this issue, that the writers 
have broken free from these 

_ ...... ..,.-

Larry Hart wick 
constraints ... 

The poetry and prose in the issue 
are complemented by graphics by 
artists from the UCSD and La Jolla 
communities. The most notable of 
these is Francoise Gilot, artist and 
former wife of Picasso, who 

Ch..np ..... Sun ...... Brunch 
$3 ,95 
IChild,en under 12, $2.25) 
10em : 2pm" .. '.~~' -

contributed several pen and mk 
drawings for the issue. 'Roadwork' 
will go on sale in the bookstore on 
June 14. It a worthwhile purchase 
for anyone who is interested in the 
state of writing at UCSD. 

-sara J. Lowen 

Complimentary 
Choice of fruit bow l 

or Dessert of the Day" 



triton times Pace It 
.. 

oFFENSivE 
anyone else's needs!" (voic&-
over): "The vaseline turned Into 
Vik's VapoRub." 

11H!: "I know about your surfing 
accident. " 

PS: "May I borrow your pen?" 
(voice-over): "But again it was 

not the rig~ signature." 

'Ibe Long Goodbye -cut to- Black's Beach. M-C seen surfing. He paddles to the beach, 
takes off his wets~t, and spends 
the next eig~ hours ly~ in the 
sun. (voice-over): "I went to the 
beach. 'The heroin was good." 

THE FINAL SEASON: a 
highlight film featuring the big 
plays and big days and big names 
and big games of the 197~77 school 
year at U ... rah! rah! 
rah!. .. C ... rah! rah! rab!. . .s ... rah! 
"8h! rah!. .. D ... rah! rah! rah!. .. U-
CS-D ... Fight! Fight! Fight! 

(printed narration): (Italics) 
This story, unfortunately, is true.1t 
tells the strange and terrible and 
exciting tale of one man's per-
formance in the biggest game of 
all : the game of ille. One man, one 
year, one school, -"one dollar, 
please"-with one search: Who 
really is Number One-at UaiD? 
He followed the action, he called 
the play-by-play, he found the 
truth. Hardly a fairy tale (except 
for a few minor char:acters), this 
report reveals once and for all the 
forces of Good and Evil as they 
exist in their ever-lasting baWe on 
the moral playfield of this 
university . 

-cut to- A strung out man-child 
sitting in the comer of a smoke-
filled but otherwise empty man-
sion ... (voice-over narration): "I 
sat in my room trying to pick out 
the summertime left-overs that 
had collected between my teeth 
during the previous three montm. I 

was waiting for the day to begin, 
the start of my last year at UCSO. I 
was hardly escited. Sunlight 
crawled up my window like a sick 
cockroach. My energy was as flat 
and stale as a football interview." 

-cut to- 'The window. A rock 
crashes through the glass - quick 
pan- striking m-c between the legs 
where, luckily, one of his hands is. -
cut to close-up- A folded piece IX 
paper is attached to the rock. M-C 
unfolds the paper and we read: 
'DIPLOMA' This certifies that you 
have graduated from UOiD. To 
validate this certificate all you 
need is the proper signature. Get it, 
and you are free to go.' (voice-
over): "There was only one joker 
at UaiD who would try a trick like 
that. And my job was to find out 
who it was." -fade out-
-fade in- Long, virtuoso pan IX 
the campus, finally zooming in on 
m-c in the center of Revelle Plaza, 
gathering signatures. None of 
them are the right one. A very 
beautiful woman walks by. (voice-
over): "She looked as if it would 
cost $25 just to say hello to her. 
Why even her scarf was the kind 
you could find in the dark just by 
listening to it purr. But 1 had to try 
everyone. " 
--p-------------~ Yotire 

Pay-iog 
Too 

Much! 
Too many places ollercharge for hair , 

skin and nail care products. 
We nave no sales . speCials, 

coupon deals or other gimm icks. 
Our pr ices are low d iscount 

all of tne time. 
We inllite you to compare. 

VILLAGE BEAUTY SUPPLY 
737 Pearl Street. La Jolla 459·0722 

Weekdays. 1 0-5 :30 S~turdaV$. 10·4 :00 
Don I be mtstak..n The addfl~ss of our plaza IS on 
Pearl, but our 8fltraflCe 15 olf our free parking lot 

on ElldS Just soul h of Pearl In the new t 

SECOND SOLE SAYS YES. 
WE GIVE VOU MORE ntAN A NEW PAIR OF ATHLETlC 
SHOES. ()~LY SECOND SOLE GIVES YOU A FREE RESOLE 
wmt EVERY PAIR OF ATHLETlC SHOES VOU BUY' 
When YQ<J ' chdse Now Ad,das Tlolern Nlke Lana K·Sw,ss BrOOkS N w 
Balance T'le Asahl Sauconv !:lonlC Alhlel lC Shoes You G I A FREE Fac· 
'a,y O"Cjln,! Resole A 510.95 Value Free And Ou, New ShOe Prices Are As 
Low 0, LO~'(!r TMn Any",hl',e H, In Sdn Diego So Slop Gell'ng Ripped Off 
And Sian I,u "'Y .... u .. IL.v /I,,,"pnr "rh s From Second Sale We Give A 
FREE Rest 11' Ilh Yov' Purchas Of New Shoes II s ll.~ G~n,ng TWO PAIRS 
FOR THE f'RlcE OF ONE 
"A Free (fSO e On all JI1M. o~er S20 No ,," re.o/ft5 on c;le!lfli .~ip'.~S 01 ~afe shoes. 

, 
SECOND SOLE 
IS SAN D ECO'S 
ONLY FA;l'ORY 
RESOLING 
SERVICE. 
WE RESOLE ANY 
MAKE OF ATHLETIC 
SHOE FOR JUST $10.95. 

NOW TWO LOCATIONS 
4643 Colleg Ave IColieg Ave and EI Calon Blvd) Openlllq Ju:,e 11 
4941 A C1dllemonl Dr 273·0773 . 
(Nonh Ciarrernonl Square) 

m-c: "Move your stems this 
way, baby, and come over here and 
sign this." (He tries to make his 
voice sound as if someone has been 
using his tongue for sandpaper) 

Beauty: "Beat it, lug." (Her 
voice could be used for paint 
remover) 

m-c: "But I need your 
signature! " 

Beauty: "Not mine, Asinine. But 
I can show you whose. Come this 
way." 

(voice-over): "I tried to 
duplicate her every move but I 
could only get an erection." 

-cut to- M-C and Beauty sitting in 
the sauna, towels rapped around 
their bodies. 

m-c : "Three months have 
passed and 1 still haven't got the 
signature." 

Beauty: "It's my fault, I've 
failed." 

M-C leans over and kisses 
Beauty. (voice-over): "I kissed 
her. It was either that or slug her." 

Beauty: "Oh, m-c, what's going 
on? I'm so confused. The whole 
world is spinning! " 

m-c: "Well, that's good. If it was 
flat all the Chinese would fall off." 

Beauty: " It's all so terrible, m-c. 
I'm about to black-out from 
stress." 

M-C: "Go ahead and faint. I'll 
catch you on the first bounce." 

She does. He doesn't. Instead, m-
c leaves Beauty lying in a pool of 
sweat. 

-cut to- Paul Saltman's office. M-
C meets with the vice-chancellor. 
(Voice-over): " I had decided to 
take my search to the top. I walked 
into Sallman's office. The first 
thing I noticed was his jaw. It 
looked like a park bench. We shook 
hands. He had a grip that would 
have bent a girder. I said 'hello' in 
a voice that sounded like Rex Reed 
with his mouth full of soda 
crackers. " 

PS: "What can I do for you?" 
(voice-over): "He spoke like he 
was applying vaseline between my 
legs." 

m-c; '~I need your signature." 
PS: " I don't care about your's or 

-cut to- The chancellor's bowie. 
Follow shot of I1H! walking through 
the long halls until ... (voice-over): 
"I came into a room that had the 
general air of having been 
decorated by a parole from a nut 
holL'!e. The dominant color was 
monkey-bottom blue. 'Tex' sat at a 
desk about the size of the bad-
minton court. His composed grey 
(ace was long enough to wrap twice 
around his neck. He wore a tw&-
tone leisure jacket that would have 
been revolting on a zebra. " 

m-c: "Your signature, sir?" 
Tex: "Sorry sonny." 
m-c: "OK, then exptain what you 

mean by Murphy's Law!" 
T~x: "Where dol sign?" 
(voice-over): " But again, no 

bueno. I was beginning to feelllke 
a short length of chewed string." 

-cut to- The first Election Day in 
six years at UCSD ... (voice-over): 
"Revelle Plaza was like a piece of 
over-ripe fruit covered with ants. 
Jim Leifer barely had time to win 
before I approached him. It was 
the same old replay. But Leifer 
kept trying to recruit me for his 
cabinet. I was forced to level him 
with a Bolo punch that would have 
knocked the hind leg off of an 
elephant. " 

Pres; " You haven't seen the last 
o(me." 

m-c: "No, but the first of you 
turns my stomach." 

-cut to- M-C huddled alone in a 
cement corner beneath the Central 
Library, his typewriter between 
his legs, the 'DIPLOMA" down 
there too ... (voice-over): "My 
quest had become as futile as the 
search for an open carbon bond. I 
felt I belonged at UCSD as much as 
a pearl onion in a banana split. I 
was the page from yesterday's 
calendar crumpled at the bottom of 
the waste basket. I had been 
snorting coke since the top of the 
page, but it hardly helped. My 
signature search had slowed to a 
turtle's gallop." 

-cut t&- A very ugly woman 

Photographic Supplies 

Discount Darkroom 
~ Suppti~ 

Quality Equipment 

Bob Davis CanlPra Shop 
--1- 1'.1\ • I a 1 .. lla 1-,"; :-" 

STRAIGHT LEG 
JEANS 
S10.9~ 

BIG BELL 
JEANS 

FAiRE 
FLARE 
JEANS 

S 11.~0 

CORDUROY 
S12.00 S10.9~ 
ADDITIONAL ITEMS IN STORE 

10% OFF ! fOR All STUDENTS 
'a&ALTllATIO •• WI •• -U-wur 

OPEN EVE RY DAY TILL 9 SUNDAY Tl Ll5 
1471 GARNET AVE. 4680 CLAIREMONT MESA BL 

2700430 (O IANE SHOPPING CENTER) 
2708830 

FrIday, .rue I', 1m 

approaching m-c ... (volce-over): 
"Yechhh! The sight of her sent my 
stomach Into a fit of jumping jacks. 
She had a face that would have 
stopped a runaway horse. She 
looked as exclusive as a mailbox. 
But I was desperate." 

m-c; "May I please have your 
signature?" 

Ugly: "Sure, if you'd like to earn 
it. " 

m-c: "What do you think I am, a 
mercenary?" 

Ugly : "Hopefully something 
much worse." 

m'c: "You mean?" 
Ugly: "Uh-hugh." 
m-c: "After you." 
(voice-over): "I was trapped. I 

felt as if I had just made up my 
mind to drive off a cliff. But only 
three inches passed before 1 
slipped a pen into Horse Face's 
hand and jacked her into a name-
signing state that filled in the 
dotted line. IT WAS THE ONE! I 
withdrew my deposit before it was 
cashed." . 

m-c: "Sorry, ma'am, but my job 
is finished." 

Ugly: " Hells Bells, you men are 
all the same." 

m-c: "So are all women - after 
the first nine. " 

Ugly : "You're about as bonest as 
a slot machine." 

(voice-over): ':She almost got 
me to go back to her with that. 
But... " 

m-c: "Listen, 1 want to tell you 
one thing I've learned since being 
at UaiD. THERE IS NO TRUTII 
UNDER A EUCALYPTUS TREE. 
That's a fact. See ya. 

-cut t&- FINE. 

Center .• 
Continued from Page 7 

failure to serve University needs 
and the lack of student 
representation in any previous 
negotiations. 

R.H. Hamstra, chairman of the 
University Planning Group, read a 
previously-unknown letter written 
by " a group of faculty members 
calling themselves a plarming 
group" to the developers agreeing 
that commercial construction on 
the La Jolla Village site would not 
exceed 350,000 square feet and 
residential construction would 
equal 490,000 square feet, with a 
minimum of 147,000 square feet. 

The specialty center is planned 
to be 350,000 square feet. 

Judith Monk, an active member 
in the University PlaMing Group, 
said after the council meeting, "It 
was completely out of order for 
Hamstra to make such a statement 
that the letter should be binding for 
the good of the University plan." 
.....•..•....................... 

~COMMUNrrY~ 
. . 

bLOOD BANK~ 
. . . 

983 India 
327 FStreet 

PAYS DONORS 
for Service 

Mon. - Fri. 
233-5481 

. 

: 234.-4601 : 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ! 

charier, 
O>re< 7778.1 ..... Slnee 1962 San DitOO'. 
most elptflenced Charter Co 

EUROPE from '327 
......... 71 

2.3 .• . 5.8 10 2. _. dI.<-. 10 9 c,~". 
No clutJllO join. no _ and SAve 10 BQ% 
HAWAII from '179 

~ New .""'. CltIClQO. Onont 
.--..... fIR ......... , . ..,. .. 

/ 

FrIday, .... 11, 1m triton time~ 

UCSD's Joe Greenstein 
Makes Canadian Nationals 

by JOIIIIalperIa 
Spona FAUt.r 

The Place: Montreal, Canada 
The Time: 2:15 am Eastern 
Standard Time 
The Date: May 71977 

Joe Greenstein, UOiD studera, 
leaves Montreal's famous 
Limelight bar and promptly finds 

but the talented junior had 
already impressed head coach 
~ Eltas enough to be named 
one of the final 10 players on the 
squad. 

Greenstein was picked from a 
contingent of 47 players, the top 
Jewish ballplayers in the 
country. In fact, Greenstein, who 

UCSD basketball player Joe Greenstein 

out why Quebec drivers are the 
worst in the continent. 

Greenstein's rental car is 
broadsided by a vehicle that has 
just run a red light. In the 
process, he receives torn 
shoulder ligaments; an injury 
that almost costs · him the es-
perienceofa lifetime. 

Just hours earlier, he had 
qualified for the Canadian 
National Maccabian team which 
will compete in Israel this 
swnmer. The injury caused him 
to miss tbe second day of tryouts, 

grew up in Toronto and played his 
high school ball for Grant high 
school in North Hollywood, 
almost played for the Americans. 

In a west coast tryout held a 
week earlier at UCLA, Green-
stein, along with Joel Kramer of 
San Diego State, Lewis Cohen of 
Cal State San Luis Obispo, and 
two others were named to go to 
New York for the final cuts of the 
American squad. 

However, when Greenstein 
learned that Gary Rosenberger 
(starting guard for national 

champion . Marquette) , all ACC 
guard Brad Davis of Maryland 
and all CCAA guard Lewis Cohen 
would be his chief competition for 
starting position. He opted to 
forgo his trip to New York in 
favor of a better chance of 
starting for the Canadians. 

High School Standout 
Joe Greenstein was born in 

Toronto, Canada but moved west 
to Los Angeles with his parents in 
1962. He prepped at US Grant 
high school, where as a senior 
(can you believe this) played 
center on the varsity squad. 
Grant won the league tiUe that 
year, but ran up against Cren-
shaw High in the first round and 
was eliminated. Crenshaw is the 
home of Marques Johnson, 
Sudden Sam Smith, and Gregory 
Johns to name a (ew. 

In his three years at UaiD, two 
with the varsity and one with the 
junior varsity, Greenstein came 
to be known as "Jumping Joe" 
because of his amazing leaping 
ability. It was this facet of his 
game which allowed him to play 
center in hi~ school, despite his 
6'2" height. 

Always a terrific rebounder 
and an aggressive defender, 
Greenstein can usually be found 
in the middle o( the acuon. In one 
game this past season, he almost 
caused a mass riot as be took an 
ill aimed sWing at a Southern 
caillornia College player. Both 
benches emptied, but no major 
altercation developed. 

It was this aggressive style of 
play which ultimately sold 
Canadian head coach Sam Eltas 
and impressed the Americans. 

Team Leaves in July 
Greenstein will arrive in 

Montreal on June 26 and will go 
through two weeks of practice 
before taking off to Israel. His 
shoulder is fine now but his 
knees, which have always been 
questionable, may only last 
through the summer. That would 
be too bad, UOiD basketball 
could sure use Joe Greenstein. 

THE "HEADeRACKER" SUITE 

1 ....... , ...... 
........... 

''IUTDIICIE. IIiTE" 

1._ ••• lYI 
.H ...... 11 ••• 

"I,. FE 

Patton is Pro Prospect 
by Don Armstrong 

Staff Writer 
This man may never be a 

baseball legend. Homerun hitters 
become legends. He simply wants 
to make it to the major leagues and 
hit for a high average. However, 
this should be good enough to put 
Gary Patton, UCSD's senior, first 
baseman/catcher, in the Triton 
Hall of Fame. 

His goal may seem lofty, yet 
Patton has surprisingly good 
credentials. He also has a definite 
con(idence and maturity which 
seems to spell success. Patton 
gives much of the credit for his self 
assurance to UCSD confidence 
imtructor Bob Moss. Yet, "he 
has," as he puts it, "always had 
pro aspirations." 

Patton was a two time All-City 
selection at Castlemont High in 
Oakland. His credentials were 
good enough to make the Kansas 
City Royals want to draft him out 
of high school and send him to the 
Arizona Instructional League. 
However, an uncooperative high 
school coach discouraged the 
Kansas City scouts. So, Patton 
enrolled at UCSD. He chose UCSD 
in order to "get a good education 
and prepare for the other parts of 
life. " 

This past s ummer, Patton 
played on the highly competitive 
Alaskan Collegiate League, a 
league which has helped develop 
many present major league ball 
players. When given a chance to 
play, Patton perfonned well, but 
the chances wer.e few. He at-
tributes this to the Alaskan League 

coach's low regard (or UCSD's 
level of competition. Still, Patton 
does not regret having attended 
UCSD. He agrees with the 
philosophy that college sports 
should be intended for learning and 
enjoyment. Yet, he tells of having 
to push and inspire himself 
because many of his teammates 
were just out to have fun . Gary 
Patton takes baseball very 
seriously. 

Professional baseball's draft fA 
free agents will take place in early 
June. Having batted over .350 the 
past two seasons, Patton is COIr , 
fident about being drafted. A 
muscular 6 feet, 195 pounds, he 
looks the part of a major leaguer. 

In spite of all this, an intangible 
is probably Patton's most notable 
characteristic. He is known (or his 
strong character. He also has 
a very mature attitude, a definite 
wisdom about life. In spite of his. 
athletic accomplishments, Patton 
says be tries not to "dwell on past 
successes." Instead, he " looks to 
the future. " With the bat, glove, 
and mind of Gary Patton, you have 
to suspect that that future will be 
bright. 

Editors Note: Patton was not 
selected in the primary phase of 
the pro draft, (LA Times June 8) 
He can now opt to be a free agent or 
continue his baseball training in a 
semipro league. 

--------------------------

Get Rolled at the 
Spice Rack Restaurant! 

P ..... nt this ""upon whh your meal Itlho ""~. Splc. 
Rack "Gard ... - Restauranl In Pacille a...h .nd you'. get 
rolled. F ..... Take hame han I doz.en of lho lutl .. 1 h0me-
made rolls or mullins you ...... er mel. this offer Is good on 
Mondays Itvough Thursdays, 5 p.m. to 10 p.m., through 
6/l0m. Onepercoupl .. pi ..... 

YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE ~ 
A GAAIlEN RESTI\UlWH 

M ISSIon Blvd near Grand In PacifiC Beach 
8 a rn .-2 30 p.rn and 5 p rn · to pm 

-----------------------_ .... 

ALL f\ECORDS & TAPES$lo98! 

OCEAN BEACH 

CBVL4 VISTA S41 DIEGO 
V'I .vU ·J2l-9IJJ i rh l, F '1. 2.. ~'l '<) 

AR£AU'-. 
·iWU5ICa ~ 



Reveles. 
C.Uaed inlll 

n: It appean tha 
for knowledge is a 
experience of self d 
should one give u.> immediate 
gratification in exchange for an 
asceticismofleaminr,? 

Revelle: 1bat is why losing 
oneself is so importarlt. Learning is 
a proces of patient self-preparation 
and it also requires a sense of 
sublime self-eonfidence. 

students shouldn't worry about 
failure . Faculty members make 
mistakes as well. Ninety percent of 
research consists of mistakes. 
Education will not teach a person 
how not to make mistakes, this 
must be learned. Students should 

not worry abo&j not seeing quick 
results from their work. Aa Iong_ 
they feel they are contrildlng to 
something greater than them-
selves, it makes everything 
alright. The people who built the 
cathedrals never worried about 
self-aggrandizement, for they were 
all working tog~r OIl a creative 
effort. Learning should be that way 
also. 

Commitment of LearnIDg 
'IT; In requiring students to 

learn different disciplines in depth, 
are you not asking a lot of an In-
dividual in terms of patience and 
self-sacrifice? 

Revelle: It does take a lot of. 
commitment, both to the ideals of 
learning and to the university. A 

triton time8 
great many people, however, don't 
care mucb about learning. Tbia 
puzzles me and diatreues me, and 
I don't quite understand why it is 
so. 

But it is so, and the university 
has a responsibility to these people 
as well. It is essentially a 
responsibility for training. Many 
people are interested in immediate 
action and their drives are power, 
or acquisition of wealth in con-
tentment in living, or sometimes 
just survival. 

Many students just want to get 
out of the university, get a job and 
start the business of " real life" as 
they say. I've never understood 
that, because I thought the 
university was "real life. " 

Frida, ........ tm 

UCSD Alums Stage Banquet 
The UCSD Alumni and Friends will hold their first annual awards 

baRluet next Saturday at 6 pm in the Revelle Commons South Dining 
Room. 

According to Alumni President Tom Sbepard, all students, ra~ty, 
staff and almnni are invited to the graduation weekend celebration, 
which will also honor outgoing and incoming alumni board members. 

Among the highliglU of the event will be: 
- The naming of Roger Revelle as UCSD alUIllWS of the year; 
- The announcement of the alumni and friends award for teaching 

excellence; and , 
- The naming of Steve Colman, Shauna Stokes, Peter Schneider, 

Steve Skubinna and Greg Baker as winners of the "Draw the La Jolla 
Koala" contest. 

The cost for the banquet is $5 for AlUmni and Friends members and 
students, and $10 for all others. Reservations must be received at tbe 
Alumni office by Monday, or call 45M490. 

ALUMNI & FRIENDS, UC SAN DIEGO 
Congratulates the 1977 Graduating Seniors 

Fourth 
and awards a free Alec Nedelman Revelle 
membership to The R. Scott French Katherine Ann Kay 
Outstanding Seniors of 1977 Muir Third 
of each college: Kathryn Kelly Cundall Robert Markoff Conna Larita Johnson Luis Rodriguez 

To get all the benefits we offer to graduates- Join the Alumni & Friends' 

It is not what he has... 
Which directly expresses 
the worth of a man, but_ What he is. 

-W.o. McElroy 

Revelle 
Commencement 

June 19, 1977 
12:30 pm 

at 

Revelle Plaza 
Commencement Speak.er: 

Mr. Frank Mankiewicz 
Jouroalist and Author 

Robin" for Processional 
Revelle Gradua te : 12 nooo, HL Auditorium 

Faculty and Grad Student : Rm 11118 HL 

Third College Program Board 
presents 

~If!l@ ©W W~A~ @~If!l~~ 
~ lr lrlX1~~@ ~@[L[L~C®~ 

Outdoors in The Quod 
FREE Food 

MusiC by WINDFALL 
FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 8~30 PM 

Third College Quad 
LET'S CELEBRATE THE 
LAST DAY OF CLASSES 

CONGRATULATIONS 
GRADUATING SENIORS! 

YOU'VE MADE IT! 
Don't Forget! 

Announcements are still Available (3~ each} 
Cap and Gown Rental- '6.00 plus tax 

Available until June 1 7 

Pick them up in the 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

FrIday. Jue II. 1m 

To all who will work on the TT next y .. r: 
PI_ protect my I"..tment. Thenkl, DE 
theEE . 

Rowers good luck all 01 you In 78. GB, JE AL 
and all the frooh 77 keep the slroke upl ·Crew 
U· 

RAA the 3rd, may Ihe lorce be with you this 
summer and always, much love, the dor· 
mouse 

Wildem""s blooper photographers led by 
Linda! Thenk you for ell the lun tlmeal It'. 
been superl AMe 

Llltle Shannon: It's been fun . Have a good 
summer and don' t eyer stop playing 
Rumoorsl Krlsty Loo 

My sweet hopper, a special buddy, remember 
N9 and I' ll remember Al1 , I' ll miss you. 
Jet'alme ... roomm8te 

Asylum. you guys are Insane, but you INIde 
school IIyable. This year was an experience. 
Later· Chones 

To FereHace and Bonzo, let It be known as I 
partake In this joomey of which lhere Is 
probably no retum, that you two 8re my 
buddies. Thanks for your friendship. ZAR· 
DOZ -

ARGO 3 • you're all terrif ic thanx for glYlng 
me a great YMr! HaWl a fun summer 10Wl ya 
all Laurl 

To all 76-77 Rio's you've been great to work 
with will miss you next year good luck Laurl 

Jlmmy.boy, you've been more help than yoo 
know . Thanks . Have the besl time _r In 
Europe. Rlnny 

Betty: Have a nice summer. We'll miss you 
but we will retum. Love, Lynn & Pam 

Always ripped • II's been really lun l Take 
good care of Anaujlraml G.,G.,A., and 
Savage 

SJ B • I can't EVEN walt until next ye«1 We'll 
have so much lun l CSN Yeahl YMBFAI AKS 

To C5: To the greal yr together, thura nltes, 
HG. H2O, chwedes, Sat·nlte-llve. Love yoo ... 
princess Leia 

Tall blond at Revetle • Heard yoo we,., going 
10 Sweden this summer. Have a great time, 
learn the language and feet around a loti You 
are In my heart forever. YOUR SECRET 
ADMIRER 

MOJAVE'S PRICE - Thanks for t"'o quartera. 
Keep your promise to yislt me, or at least 
write . So long I HW 

Rudolfo Ignacio: You gorgeous Phlllppino 
hunkl I' ll miss washing your sheets. SIgned 
Mesa Linen Lady. 

Residents of 2320 coast (The shaft) wow· 
another year. What can I say? Only the best 
always! Love, JB 

Skunk·Creep8th, had tlmea full 01 joy & Ioye! 
I remember the beauty of eyes & smlle l Love, 
That Too 

Dead enders good luck to those moylng on, 
_ ya nexl yew to the rest . Loads? The Kid. 

SM F • nous deYrlons Ie falre encore 
quefquefOis. Bonnel des choees chez tol, 
etc. Peggy. PS A blentot . 

Leprechaun· so gled that you're here again. 
Let's keep It that way. Love yoo muchly • 
Munchkln 

Lynn B • lasagna & trashy booke . Have a 
great summer. PZ 

PJD& Scott· best wishes for grad ue tlon & so 
onl Have fun .• Peggy. PS (Pet ... ) Gulteau, 
CzOlgosz, & Ford I 

Kathleen Farg. Hille a gr.t yearl Your. very 
special person and I'll miSS you. Love fotW 

Well _ made It pretlV litya have a nice 
summer. Mean green. 

To my alter ke.go, let's raI .. hell next year, 
Chental! Here's tosqulshy· lahlsl LOWlRlnny 

Bill Bernwd says gOOd· bye to _ryane he 
knows Good luck all . 

Blake 26().265: You're all nuts, but I like you 
anyway thanx lorthe frlendahlp • Ku·be-ckl 

Daye GI XXOOXOOOXXXXXXOOXXX 
(Slu r · 
p) OOOOOOOOXXXXOXXOOXOXOOXOOX· 
XOOOXOXXO · I can't get enough I DebG, 

Karen • take care at Berserkely • were all 
go""a miss y.1 And ylslt soon I Jason 

MIry, W.an't It a blastl Thank you . GeT 

To my C5's, the best sulties, I lOVe you guya 
80 muchl l I wish you.1I • bMulllullife. With 
love, Cheri 

Cindy · thanka for being hefe When I needed 
you. Wooldn't heve made It without you, 
Always love you JJ 

To UCSO In the Mglnnlng you ..... a b_ 
soon you tumed Into a bitch now t don't .... nt 
to 18_ God whet an .... ul thought I shell 
return next year to scale your wells next year 
heng tuff. lo ..... y student 

Sandy Lane tot •• thanx lor the uaage 01 you, 
beech & hOlp talilY ' adlce KC Unci" RetnU8 

Annie Oakley: Been loads 01 tun baing with 
yoI . See YI neKl f.l lOVe ya and min YIO .. 

Manl: Beat of luck. UCLA. Then. for .1 the 
lavort thla year. Take care. Lo .. Kerry 

Johnny. I hope yoo get over yoor arthritis I 
know It I pelnful where's the captain Crunch? 
Bye Bye Boz 

WOMEN Interested In a conaclousnes. 
raising group 0_ summer pie ... call Vonne 
277·5373 

Cathy Chyle: Mayall your teeth ond hair fall 
oot . Love, Lynn 

RP (JR) Thanks for hilling enough trust In a 
12 year old to love her ond enoogh 10Wl for a 
17 yew old not to leave her. This y .. r has 
been the beet and I couldn't love you more, 
your Russian Porche glWlr 

Guenevere's Irlend: I'm going to mlsa you 
nexl YM'. Take care. All my loye In Christ, 
Guen"""re 

For the Del Mw guya and K3 roomie, thanx 
for BBOs, VGs, rldesll Beach It thl. summer 
C ya next yr? LOIIe, me 

But when you ~now you've got a real friend 
somewhere .. . III always be theno G'bye pup . 
1I0ve you. 

Hey ya-ya: You've helped to m8ke this year 
great! You're a sweetiel See you Ihls summer 
• love, roomie 

Eugene · I won' t be your Irlend and glye you a 
chance 10 use me like everyone else. Dyke 

Phil, Judy, Autumn, Joyce, Karen, Howle, 
Adolfo, Anna , Jim, Laur! , Bob, Vic, Patti, 
Kathy, Terry. and Jennller • thankks for 
shwlng yourselves with me. I love yoo alII 
Take care 01 yourselYes, love Matt 

My lady Dione· It is finallY happened I We can 
stan experienCing love and life together. 
Love, yoor babe 

Radar: Been great knowing ya • thanx for the 
great t imes In 1M BB and tenniS. Take care 
Oak·sn ollntrcrts 

Argo .... 5: A lantastlc summer to lour of the 
greatest guys around! 

Mary Catesby louise Will is: Your name only 
I_s room enoogh to say - BYEI Kristina 
Marine Clinton 

Melr: What am I going to do this summer? 
There's no m8r1<et for out-of·worl< ae> 
compllces! Loye you I K 

JO: Kim & Dan? Susan & Kevin? Beeu & 
Annie? Ed & Holly? Rita & ? An .. citing 
summer lies ahead! Kris 

Just wanted to say good-bye to: My "Off· the-
wall hall" sultees, Dianne (Roomf&."graek 
goddess"), Jeri (lots 01 laughs), the 
"Nodrahs", Shannon (a lazzed y.r. "dln~ 
dong" ), DAS, and Dave D. (my whale-
walchlng buddies) Craig (oor floor hockey 
star) , Cathy Echs. (ethanol/2 ratllnks) S,M,M 
(Iutur. NIOa's) and the reat '" the Moby 
Dicks: Joe R. (happy new yew, 211) Barbera, 
Kathy Els ( a real sweetie: smile), Kathleen, 
Peter George Gorilla (Bon Voyage I) Mark G, 
Steve L, Carl Andy R, JaCk & Chris (lOS NEI?) 
ShaMon A & Linda S. (Gross mont weirdos), 
Erika (calc.·flnl!) Karen R. (thanks for 
everythlngl) & Linda, Jan P. (cockroach.) 
Lori (', st"· $.5 & $.10 friends forewr) Alan Z. 
and Jeff S. (CONGRATS on your g,..,lI) etc. 
'etc. It's been a !lINt ye«. Thanks. yay ... 
Love, me. 

Chwlty ... Beloved, my only regret Is that we 
waited so long to reallZIl thls feeling 01 "us." 
Yes, I'm • romontlc. but romantics have 
hearts tool My thooght. and prayers go with 
you this summ ..... I only ",Iah that I COUld. For 
"It Is rtght thet I shoold leel asl do about you 
lor you hllle a WIry special place In my heart." 
Remember me? I'm the one who loves you. 
sam 

.A.K.S. Thanks for being so nice. Have a 
swell summer! 

ON, I'm stili nuts 0_ you. Thanks for the 
other night. Shon and sweet. 

LOST: T1 Digital watch. Brown leather band. 
Sun APM . Reward. Call 278-<4937 after 6. 

To my hunny bun • Hille fun wHh IBM In 
Endicott, NY I will ml" yoo a whol" bunch 
from your bunny hun 

K·Boobs-Luck and fun In Spllln i Who will 
buy me six pecks next year? Long distance 
bels? Wlcked Vicki 

SP • Yoo steal my covers at night. But I don't 
care, cau"" you stole my heart with them. 
Forever, Your BC 

Well Karen Hansen · the queen 01 bad timing; 
hate to see yoo go. Best 01 luck at UCB · I'll 
take good cwe 01 V. Leaf. Luy K. Bew. 

Doug can't say It In just a f .... worde but 
you' .. made 2 Y.'" WIry specl. I'll min 
YOlK I..,. 10Wl Karen. 

Samson and Delight: Parting II such I_t 
sorrow. HaWl alun summer snl ll ing. 

Patti · At 1_ you .. y thanks and appreclata 
the things I do. I guess that whal RAs a .. for. 
Mille 

For .... • BechelOnl 10 Communlcatlonl. 
$25.00 or ball oller. Thank you Linda. May 
yoo gro"'. Lo.a, Chfl. 

Bye Great Roomie" 
BlgAIF I remanCovaFrI"n ' 
dAllleRuthyeTheChel ,PoncakesWereGrNll 
LoWl. SherlThePyro IIIIIII 

Sanny, t made a &peelel recording 01 flahel 
lor you to t .... 10 LA. Thanks for Ifl the 
und .... landlng. Love L. 

Vote Phil Homb8tk lor watermelon King. 
He's experienced a ", .. ermalon . 

..... 4 ••• ln .. 'S 

Dave • thanks lor my lunch .. and next year'a 
job, YQU con m8n. Good luck wi the Comm 
board and CH. Bill 

Fellow TT stafters: It' s been lun , son 01 . 
Remember me as more than ~ camera. rll be 
by next year. Bill 

LOY· II's been great lIylng with you (Palm 
Springs, backgammon, Norman Lear, Enlot 
Gould. Brew, Green, Poway, Pina Calades, 
diets, munches, dreams) I'll be bummed If we 
don't keep In touch love youl Janet. 

VAL · Congrats & good luck at Dayls. Thanks 
lor being a good friend. We better 'hit' lha 
beachl Sue 

Meteor· Eyeryone have a great summ .... 
Sonke 

Gander· this is not my goodbye. I love you 
lor Infinity. 

Warmest fare-well to BIO B3 D4 1.6 B8 B12 
and B&J ! Have a ....... Iantastlc (whoopeel) 
summerl Enjoy Itlll 

Ricky . May yoor MWFs be IllIed by another 
taco .. . KC 

Meesler Vessman: Mig sotnos. It'a been 8 
beautiful , lantast lc, love lilled 7 months. So 
Far. I only hope It contlnuea. You've made 
me very happy I I know the summer will be 
great, especially with you around to share II . 
I hope yoor stay here In America has been 
great for you . Please come back sometime · 
and . "'.YI remember how much jag alskar 
dlgl Your other hall . 

Sue· best 01 luck in Philly . stokre-keep the 
swing, bow will . Keep It big too. Looking Iwd 
to Stanford · BD 

France Crab: Good luck with Henry NOrb. 
How do you spell rellel? What , wher", Who? 
Bye, twlrley , the B.D. 

To my roomies in Q14 and to the gashouse 
gorillas: Ihank you. Framplon style. II's big. 
TheB.D. 

Dear Debl • you are and always will be the 
greatest. Thanx lor being a beautiful friend. 
Love D. 

Todd. to a cool sweetie who took all my 
meanles, you're not a t-. Have lun. I love 
you. too ... Cheri 

Joanne Perronaflsh. sweet Amy p . and any 
other "Bullock's Wltshlreltos" • thanks lor 
your loye and Iriendshlp, throughout the 
yearl Hope to see you this summerl Love, 
your -dancer"' & Marshmallow man , Matt 

Oonboy and Willie: lor a great yeer and for 
memories I'll nevw forget · thanx, Kerry . 

To L· 12 and Georgie, thanks lor making my 
year special . I'll atways ,.,member you guys. 
Love, Cheri 

Jell and Hervy too -I have only one w iSh now 
• that September never comes. • Forever 
yours , Barb 

TT personnel : Have a grealsummer. It's been 
a "fun" year, hasn' t It? Good-bye, IN-
TERROGATIONSI Judy 

Jason, Johnny, Kenneth, RV, Bryon · thanks 
for a fun yeer of pranks, beer-drtnklng, 
soltbell & waterlights . You're e greet bunch 
01 guysl Love Irom your bear·drlnklng buddy, 
Wicked ViCk i 

Mlna--NatScI, Hum, Math, Econ elc. I 
cooldn't have made ij through them w~hout 
you. Thanx, Keith . 

Dean· Oh, Doc1orl 

I just love the "Co5 & C-6 Zoo" and the part 
timers. Have a great summer time . Thank> 
lor everything !?!? James, Juan, Jerry, 
Jimmy. Blake & Krln. Laurie, Sally. Neneth & 
Rhey Reney etc. - have a "Mahal" time. 

How's Vic? From PR to Dell your company's 
been -Swelly" "- a great summer (no 
questlon's asked) - though I hope next year 
bring a some anlwers. GI .. me a break? Take 
care bye lor now, SC 

Joe R · It's not the end, only the beginning. 3 
months .only, Ihen France and loving you. 
Yours, Pam. 

Rob • may a vine of benanaa atteck you In 
your dreams. Yoo're the r.l underwear 
queen. · FII 

G'bye Carrie, Barb, & Gapt. Crunch and lhe 
Inlamous Daryl . Been nice knowing y'all • 
your pet groundhog. 

DEB (Mr. wonderful) I'm going 10 miss you. 
Slay oot of those night clube. I 1000e yool 
WTNY B. 

To the tennis bait Ir ..... , bowie wl.hiel . 
losing his buttons dan, It_ the bouncer. 
heve you met Lenny Me,.".. matlc\lloUl 
Eric, TB Merl<, ph llceopher Ro •• , Chad lhe 
chwacter, ha .. a good summ ... Ernie. 

Cindy M; Thank ,ou lor being my bast Irlend . 
Good luck this summerllove GR 

Ann, you are one person I will not lorget, 10 .. 
Ferd 

Shirley, the end 01 the beginning Is upOn us. 
In the dlscooraglng tlmel 10 come In OIK 
livea, I'm sure we will lind comlort In 
memories and hopes 01 the IUlure. You will 
know where to find me In lIIe. RM 

Kaoth R., I ",ouldn' t have wanted any olher 
drama pIIfIn ... Take carellwlyll 

T'Poo: I 1000e youl I'll mIlS you I Bublla 
cootestl Love, P. 

Muck and Dobbins congradulatlons to my 
lavorlle brothers. My pride rUMelh over. 
Happy grad. Gail 

Bugs Ihanks for all our beautiful yesterdays 
tomorrow will be lonely. I w ish you all the 
happiness 10 the fuiuro which you'vogiven to 
me and more I loye you Spek 

To Karen Baron , my wonderful Irlend and 
perfect roomie-here's to a year 01 long talks, 
silly antics, bad habits, tall , gangly guys, & 
personal groWlh . What will I ever do without 
you? LoYe, Victoria Leef 

Oestle, It wasn' t your room male who gave 
you thai personal . n was me! H ... a great 
summerl 

KIM lor lhe past yeal and a half you have 
made my lile. Enjoy Washington and just 
don't change I guess my love forever · Bruce 

Mighty C .• after the long, lonely summer, 
will I .. or see you again? I loYe youl M ighty 
C . (WV) 

Thanks Sue lor the hug, It w ill always be with 
you. Anne, may I see you next year, lor you 
are a lriend . Julie, thanks for Ihe hug, my 
lantasy. I LY B . And with you It will trayel all 
summer. Love DEB 

Luis · Felicitations, congratulations, good 
luck. Your parlner in lame, succesa, we alth 
sl 

Les· Roses are red , Yiolets are blue. So w ill I 
be when I move away Irom you . Filly 

Lit ' One: Look 001 world • here we come! 
You 're special! Love Oebbie 

E. Lee. There' s something about you I just 
can't lorget . Hope you II wait around until 
Sept. Michelle 

CLP • good luck in Illinois . Mayall your 
dreams come true. I Ioye you . S. 

Watchout Berkeley ! Michele and linda are 
going to be there you'll have a terrillc time. 
M iss you , Robin. 

Andrea G. I'm glaq you moved In wlas. Good 
luckal whatever. lluvyou too! Lym 

Cavestursklstlenburg man - oh no .... ay you 
go I will miss you so Philosophy fore .... r. 
Amazon 

Connie & Robin Sawing garbage disposals 
lingle bells showl)( loved it all Ihanks an 
Amazon. 

Vic, Janine, Nancy, Toy It's heard 10 believe 
it's been a year! I'm going to miss you all ! 
Love, DEB 

TWIMC: Ira been along year· bull 'm strong 
now · thanks! To all who c8l'edl DG 

Diane, remen, bar to reserve a coun lor fall ' 78 
I'm sure I'll be no IlliIlch for you lhen. Ken. 

Noodles. I hope you meet some adventurous 
girls and remember your radlcallriend. Bobs 

Many lhanks ! If It wasn' t lor you just think of 
what I coUld have accomplished. See you In 
S.F. 

Ma"' · lhat feeling never has died. LoYe. the 
baby. 

Craig Ihanks for being special, love's not so 
scaryalt ... all . I'll miasyou . Yourbaby. 

Evle · maybe Irlendships and romances work 
fasl when they are meant 10. Love, your 
Iriend. 

Sherri you're a super roomie lnd • special 
friend. I'm looking forward to nexl year. Love 
Diane. 

Shern looking back on all the crazy things we 
d id; we make a pretty good pair. Tal<e care, 
Diane. 

Tommy G - love you lor more than your SLA 
& A. xxxooo Amy 

Ben I'll stay In San Diego this summer on one 
condition. Can Iii ... with you this summer7l? 
Diane 

My Munchkln. Play me, II you know what I 
mean I Your leprechaun. 

Boz • out lor ad.-nlure with Ihe chlqultas 
ne.t yearl Be mellow and keep In louch J, 0 
&K 

Suite 200. Lots oi loye and thanks to the best 
suile around I Have great summers but hurry 
baCk Cheryl 

To Sabs Cohn, the new Rhoda I Say h i to 
Joen B, and David Harris. Send me mo", 
wlna - Paul. 

To Martene H , lhe love 01 my III., bore me, 
Paul. 

And,.,., good luel< next yeor .. UCLA. 
Meeting you wa. great · w ish w. had don it 
sooner. Greg. 

Mon Voutre - Dlmle bougie, prosl1a' H_ a 
nice summer. Marsha · hone • . 

Vlckums, KenB •• & Meg. H ... a greet 
summer & .. fantasllc ye I'li mill you ~" 
Good luck Karen. 

Vicki . Kar_y. Meg . enjoy youreelve in the 
derelict's apartment next yeer. Boobe 

Dr.ke Hall, Thanks lor a less lonely year; I 
tways hed a home way from home 

R sldent·nonrealdent 

M TJlsez "Tlllne.ty .. 

Pale 17 

HMRIII: N .. t year WIll be dllferent - m8ybe 
beller. James raylor eeld It beSt: LOIIe the 
ones you lovo. 

Howard, lite su re has been good for the pasl 
317 months. "I'm glad we're friends I" How 
about meeting in Chicago to break up Ihe 
summer? Take care and rll be your yoyo lor. 
week . With love, Laurie 

To Fred from Dartmouth· I wish the quaner 
was just beginning. II only I wasn' t so .hy. 
Just like tlgger I guess. I hope our palhs 
trOSS again. Bye. 

ARFER - Just think of all those alble Irlpe 
this summer l Aren 't you excited? This 
summer will be Ihe best yet . Ruf! 

To weasle and eyes, skinny buns, baby 
Bruiser and co, Bubble Buns, BJ and 
Strelsand Jr, Nymph, Plunging French 
neckline, nice and n85ty, Glenda and friends, 
Princess, M&M and lips, just Krls and 
Irienda , Lemon drop and all those other Muir 
cal. Girls especially HANGTEN and BEACH· 
BLONDY who entenalned us into neck 
braces, Thanks, lets do It again next yMr 
P.S. leave your boyfriends al home I The 
Dynamic Duo. 

YoungJoo I wanled to get 10 know you better 
but now there's no time. JOSIM HASIPSHIO 

Hey J . P. Lee Keep your lip dry and tha bras 
out of my bed, and save some of them babes 
forme 

LUDWIG VON DRAKE MFD What 's the log of 
5' ThSoe buggers are growln last so you'd 
best be back to help 

EI Macho keep illn your panls brother and we 
won' t laugh so hard . Take it easy on the beer 
and fish 

Hey babes ya you SALLY , CATHY, 
MICHELE. DANI What would li fe be like 
without four such gorv-oul babes? 

Shelley Aaaay Brudah When you goln to send 
us .ome KOALA PIG? Take care and say 
hello for me. 

Sara J. You make It hard to leave San Diego. 
II's only 100 miles 10 Whittier 0' vice versa. I' ll 
De back. WNB. 

Jason, Remember to be mellow. May next 
year be lhe ultimate glerarlum will never 
lorglve yoo adios boz 

To LBJ-Good W ishes lor a restful , lun 
summer wherever you end up. Be sure to 
slop by " you make It to Oregon. Visit me 
next year ! LA 

P&D You don't know how much you'ye done 
to make this year brighlerTar Har LP 

K Ross-Thank you for your Iriendshlp. I hope 
everything will work out for you! Good luck 
next year ! HL 

MK and JK being part will hopalully make us 
appreciate each other I'm sure. Loye always 
Boo Boo 

All my friends-thank you all lor everything. 
God Bless·and good luck next year I HANS 

To the gang at 2722 heve. great yMr and I'll 
mis:; watch ing Charlie's Angels with you 
Nathan P.S. OH 80s 

FX·lfs terrible that this year must end. I' ll 
miss you lovo, Maude 

Man y congrats on becoming the new pres. 01 
Ihe procrastinator's union, I'm ret i ring. Take 
car", DKK 

Hey Pau l, We want our room back. Make an' 
necessary repa irs Stan and Jim 

WNB-You have brightened up an otherwise 
dreary quarter. Keep in touch, SJL 

Val & Cheryl·thanx for everything , long talks 
& gOing crazy. dnvlng & dancing, chicken 
soup. PAM POO 

10 the pl'lllty blackhalred w, red valks & mag 
wheels, have a nice summer Looking lor· 
ward to seeing you next year - yoor admirer. 
Blue Mustang 

TEl>-Yoor MOlher I did I. I ojlj Itll I did Itil 
Guess who 

Schambob, LII Vic, Vic Ky ,ung . JT. RB, Moo, 
Poo. &E-sure has been an odd year, but only 
good memories ... e lelt. We now moWl 
toward new horizons. Good luck In whatever 
you end up dOing Lezgosummer! All my 
love-Roo 

SS-AII my dormies Is so tnlB- MbiCo, Funny 
?hrases 10 KKK. hope a hunk or 2 appee", 
hefore the sOQuel TT 
PatH·You·re a really special person & I' ll miss 
y~u ne.1 year Love Sue 

O'&IJ!>.You' .... brought mo many a smile no! 
to mention a hengoyor or 2-tlll the Sept. Frye: 
"We 10 .. " ('I) T J 

FEOSIT().You ARE my beeutllul , lovable. 
hermollO. Hector. Thanks lor baing the .. 
who ' n I needed you Keel RIN 

To G·hOuse 01 TIoga hall- my life will ne_ 
W h " N . It ~ II • ".uuva ,e • . Good 
luck-Kerry. 

WPOD Thanka lor ell t, e lant aile tim ... 
Love Y' all & WIll miss ya this .. ,"mer lhe D. 
Bind . 

Femi nost Coalition bids you I good .um"..,. 
Be reedy to light lor no ucess charge pep 
sm rs naKt lall 

CooUnued 00 Pace)' 



\ 
4' 

Pa,ell . 

Com 
Vice 

ittee Formed for 
hancellor Search 

A conunittee comprised of administrators, faculty, students and staff 
will meet this summer to make reconunendations to ~cellor ~cElr~y 
on the person tu fill the Vice-chancellor of Student Affall'S POSition this 

~ Good-The conunittee to be chaired by chemistry professor Murray 
man, will probably not start the actual interview process ~ select a 
successor for George Murphy until July, McElroy, who picked the 
committee, said Wednesday. . - . 

The delay is caused by affirmative action reg~tions that requlI'e 
posting of the job opening for one month, McElroy said. . 

When Murphy, who held the vice-chancellor and d~n of stude~t affa.ll'S 
post since 1968, resigned in April, McElroy promised a natlo~-wl(le 
search for a replacement. Physical Education department chairman 
Howard HWlt will hold the Interim position until September. 

The committee's student members are ASUCSD pre~ident Jeff Leife~, 
advisory committee on Student Fee Programs co-ch8lI' Marsha Hams 
and affirmative action committee member Donna Armstrong. 

Third College Provost Joseph Watson and Fourth College Provost Lea 
Rudee will represent the campus' provosts. .. 

Two faculty members were selected b~ McElroy, fr~m a list of SIX 
presented by the Academic Senate's Comnuttee on Committees. They are 
Goodman and Paul Libby, an AMES professor. . 

Fonner PE chairman Ted Forbes, campus budget office Bob Oakes, 
Affinnative Action Committee chairman Nick Atma, Student H.ealth 
Services director Robert Allen and Joyce Hittenberger, of the Office of 
Graduate Studies and Research, are also on the committee. 

Rally ... Continued from Page 1 
The letter sent by UC President 

Saxon to 37 corporations active in 
South Africa (Triton Times, June 
6) demonstrated that the Board of 
Regents are concerned only with 
the safety of its South African 
investments. 

"The Regents' questions In the 
letter completely sidestepped the 
issues we (the students) are 
concerned with. The Regents are 
only concerned with keeping ~e 
system intact. We want to gIVe 
South African back to the blacks," 
Holland said. 

The students planned an all-night 
vigil for last night, with a can-
dlelight march through the 
campus. They planned to end the 
vigil at dawn at the Chancellor'S 
home. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Your student health service in-
surance automatically ends on 
Saturday, June 17, 1977. If you 
would like to continue this 
protection over the summer, you 
must apply for summer insurance. 
Appl ications are available NOW at 
the Student Health Center dur i ng 
regul ar working hours. 

THE PREMIUM is still a low $16.90. 
and provides good coverage for 
iniury or ser ious i llness on a 
worldwide basis for the ENTIRE 
summer quarter. 

To guarantee uninterrupted 
coverage, payment must be made 
by check or money order no later 
than 4:00 p .m. Fr iday June 16, 
1977. Don't woit until it's too latel 

Engineers: 
Find out about 

the Nuclear Navy. 
If you think you have the ability and desire to 
master nuclear engineering, the Navy's Nuclear 
Propulsion Program has openings for about 
200 outstanding college graduates. There's a 
Navy Recruiting Officer ready to give you all the 
details on how you can become someone special 
in the new Navy. 

OPEN TO ALL SCIENCE MAJORS 
WITH 1 YEAR 

CALCULUS AND PHYSICS 
CALL OR WRITE 

ALPHARR 
NRD SAN DIEGO 
NTC SAN DIEGO 

CALIF 92133 
(714) 293-6444 

triton times - Friday, June 10,um 

Steve \Volf &' Jim Rissmiller in Coordination with KCBQ Bring You ... 

Sunday, July 10 
All seats reserved, ".s., LSI, 7.SO 

Ticket Office: (714) 224-4176 
All 8111 G ...... le's Mell's ·Stores, Liberty Alelldes III Los Allie lei, 

Arelll Ticket Alelldes IIId Arell. Ticket Olllce. 
PRODUCED ANI;) PRESENTED BY WOLF AND RISSMILLER CONCERTS 

Summer Session 
Parking 

Parking permits are required on campus 
during the summer months. 
Parking regulations remain the same as 
during the academ ic year. 
Summer session permits may' be purchased 
at the cashier's office, Me 401, beginning 
the second week of June .... Or you . may 
purchase an annual 77-78"s"(student)permit. 

NOTE! 
"S" (Student perm its are not valid at S I 0 

(Scripps Institution of Oceanography) during 
the summer except on weekend and holidays 
in the south lots only. 

If you need additional information please call parking 
services on x4223 or stop by Building 400 on Me. 

.. 

Friday, June 10, 1m triton times PagelJ 

Under-the-Table Payoffs to Student Athlet~ Told 
Continued from Page 1 

school senior supposed to know 
that what he is being offered is 
illegal, and that it might be a good 
idea to get the offer in writing?" 

Different Ways of Pay..()ffs 
For those who finally get the pay-

offs, a source said, they see it in 
many fonns. Jobs, for instance, 
that have been arranged to pay $10 
per hour for playground super-
vision, the use of a car, new 
clothing and women are often used 
inducements. "The top two or 
three basketball players for major 
schools receive these things from 
the school, the alumni or a spo~ 
sor." 

Sources said that the top college 
athletes are also given extra ad-
vantages in many of the nation's 
classrooms, beginning with extra 
tutoring and sometimes going as 
far as hiring someone to take the 
athletes' tests. One athlete is said 
to have been enrolled at a junior 
college where he accumulated 
about eight WlIts, and he later 
admitted to friends that he never 
even knew the location of the 
school. "Professors usually know 
what's going on," a source said. 

Though the "Wlder the table" 
pay-offs have been. mainlr l~ted 
to men in the past, It was indicated 
that the occurances with women 
are growing, particularly on the 
east and west coasts in basketball. 

Few perfonners are willing to 
talk about the illegal inducements, 
and when they do, they often deny 
them. Ed RaUeff, now a guard for 
the Houston Rockets and fonnerly 
a star at Long Beach State, has 
said, " I played .. .f~r three years 
and made All-American two years. 
1 know I didn't receive anything 
and 1 didn't ask for anything. Now 
if an All-American didn't receive 
anything, who else are they gonna 
give itto?" 

Who paid for DWight Stones ' shirt? 

"Subsidies" By Different Means 
Regarding the college and club 

athletes who are paid by promoters 
to attend meets, one source said, 
"Someone has to subsidize the 
people who are supposed to be 
amateurs. The Arnateur Athletic 
Union (AAU) has to tum its head, 

or it will find that no one wants to, 
or can afford to be In things like the 
Olympics. " 

These pay-offs also take varied 
fonns, from airline tickets that can 
be cashed, to a new pair of shoes 
"that fit well in the toe. The kid 
looks in the shoe and finds a couple 

hundred dollars ." 
A source pointed to Americans 

Stones ("How do you think he 
bought a new condo and a 
Porsche?"), and Al Fuerback, 
French hurdler Guy Drut and New 
Zealand miler Walker as some of 
the richest from the promoter's 
practices. 

Recent NCAA and AAU crack-
downs on the illegal activities have 
"only a random effect," one source 
said. " The pay-offs are on the rise 
in many places, especially in the 
major schools where sports is a 
way oflife. 

"Some schools are now being 
priced out of the bidding war." 

Vandals Enter UJS 
Office, Deface Posters 

Vandals have broken in to the office of the Union of Jewish Students 
for the second time this year, and defaced posters with paint, ac-
cording to UJS respresentaUve Iric Fishbein. 

"We have no idea who is doing this," Fishbein said. "We haven't 
been approached personally by them-they apparently don't want to 
talk with us. 

" It 's reminiscent of the Nazi Gennany years." 
The defacing occurred early this week, according to. Fishbein. There 

was no indication yesterday of action by the UCSD police. 

an-Cfocb O ~ 
coLLeGe/ ~ 
UJe.s-C announces a fully accredited program 
Master of Arts 
in Health Services Administration 
Accepting Applications 
for Fall 1977 Limited enrollment Contact: 
Director. Hecllh ServIces Administration. Antioch College/ West 
717 Market Street. Room 306, San FranciSCO. CA 94103 4151777-3030 

TeaChing Posillons available 
allhe Graduale Level 

THE NAVY IS SEARCHING FOR WELL-QUALIFIED MEN 
AND WOMEN TO TEACH GRADUATE AND COLLEGE 
UNDER-GRADUATE LEVEL MATH, PHYSICS, ELECTRICAL 
ENGINEERING AND CHEMISTRY IN ORLANDO, FLORIDA 
QUALIFICATIONS: 

21 - 28% YEARS OLD 
B. s. IN MATH, CHEMISTRY, 
ENGINEERING OR PHYSICS 
M. s. PREFERRED 

U. s. CITIZEN 
NO TEACHING CREDENTIAL 
REQUIRED 

CALL OR WRITE UCSD GRADUATE, ENSIGN DENNIS JUDSON 
NRD SAN DIEGO NTC SAN DIEGO 

CALIF 92133 (714) 295-6444 



...... 

-

• D 
U 

fad. No matter where 
....... ~ ........ 0'1 ...... BNak, nobody can get 

than Trailways. As a 
right now, we" eke you anywhere 

for only $75.00. That's less than 
tenn paper: 

CO 

talk about comfort. Every Trailways is 
dIIIlde mntroDed and equipped with recUning 

seats. And unlke Greyhound, we have 
~bf.p headrests and footrests. You'll fad 
asre.p so fast~u'D think yuu're still in class. 

But don't believe us. Ask anybody who' 5 
ridden both a Trailways and a Greyhound 
They'll teUdyou that it doesn't take a Ph.D to 
figure out Trailways gives you more. 

CaB your local Trailways Tennlnal for 
complete schedules and Information on all our 
bargain fares. Because when it comes to saving 
money this Spring, we can an use a break. 

lPBl/wByIJ 
Go anywhen we if) for $75 or less. 

FARE EFFECTIVE JUNE 1, 1977. 

triton time8 

Students Return from New Hilnpshire 
The Jailed are Back :"We're United" 

by Laura Rlehter 
Staff Writer 

Randy Erickson and Brian 
Ritter: two UCSD students who 
were fined and jailed in Mayas a 
result of their participation in the 
protest of the construction of 
Seabrook Nuclear Power Plant in 
New Hampshire. 

Erickson and Ritter told of their 
personal commitment to the 

is redirected to Boston industry. 
Ritter stre8led that the 

organJzational emphasis of the 
Clamshell AlUance 18 strictly 
peaceful, and he demonstrated the 
process of non-violence training 
with a fUm of the demonstration. 

Maay Protest 
The site, 40 miles north of 

Boston. drew large numben of 

criminal trespass, took place 
beginning May 1 and continued into 
the night. Authorities loaded 
demonstrators into school buses, 
and placed them in an annory, 
where they awaited mass trials. 
The sentencing for the protestors 
was 1S days in jail and a ,100 fine. 

The first several days of the 13 
spent at the annory the treatment 
was tenned "poor" and the food 
inadequate. "The only reason we 
survived was because we were 
prepared for a four day occupation 
of the nuke site," said Ritter. Both 
agreed that the conditions im-
proved considerably during the 
remainder of their retention. 

A "Tribal Daace" 
Worthy of anthropological note 

was a massive "tribal dance, " 
filmed with 650 people during a full 
moon at the time of the im-
prisonment. Said Ritter, "It 
continued for an hour and 40 
minutes and the guard was 
petrified during the entire time. He 
thought we were going to make a 
break for it!" 

Brian Ritter interviewed at a press conference Wednesday . 
halting of nuclear power, which 
prompted their April 3400 mile trek 
to the East, at a Wednesday press 
conference in the Student Center. 
As members of the citizen's anti-
nuclear power group. the Clam-
shell Alliance, the two participated 
in the non-violent demonstration 
and found it "a very encouraging 
experience. tt • 

"We're Wlited against it," said 
Ritter of nuclear cQnstruction. He 
felt that there was more at stake 
than the safety hazards involved 
with nuclear power, citing possible 
violations of civil liberties and 
personal freedom. He said that 
those who benefited from nuclear 
power were utility companies. 
whose profits would double as a 
result. He explained that there is a 
30 percent energy surplus in New 
Hampshire and most of the excess 

I 

protestors from the' city area. The I 
crowd nwnbered 2500 at its height, 
and llKlO persons actually marched 
into the area surrounding the plant 
boWldaries on April 30 and spent 
the night there. 

On hand were state and local 
policemen. fropt Ule various 
mWlicipalities in New Hampshire Randy Erickson 
and the surrounding New England Erickson and Ritter are 
states. Later. the National Guard prese Uy out of jail because their 
supervised those who had been cases are being appealed. Their 
arrested. " The National Guard sentiments. if anything, were 
was nice!" laughed Ritter. strengthed by their experiences in 

Ritter felt that the additional the anti-nuke movement. "There 
presence of a mounted volunteer was a strong sentiment that people 
posse was " in a sense, used to would come back as often as 
intimidate people." Erickson necessary to stop the plant, and we 
added. though, that "The police expect the next demonstration to 
could not believe that that many be much much larger." said 
people could come together . Erickson. 
without any violence." Despite the fact that Erickson 

Arrests, made on groWlds of and Ritter were the only two 
Californians "they' knew of" who 
made the special trip eastward for 
the demonstration, they said 
several Californians were there in 
support, including UCSD student 
Dan Wolpert, who is currently on 
an exchange program with Dart-
mouth College. They also said that 
a Bay Area group. the Abalone 
Alliance, was formed to direct 
opposition toward the Diablo 
Valley power plant, also near an 
earthquake fault. 

Erickson said that during the 
protest of Seabrook, Abalone 
Alliance members went to the 
Diablo Valley plant and released 
balloons to demonstrate how the 
deadly radioactivity could spn!4.:d 
during a nuclear accident. 
"Ballons were reported to have 
travelled up to 175 miles," he 
stressed. 

SIGMA KAPPA 
Announces the pledging of 

Zeta Mu Chapter 
University of California, San Diego 

June 2, 1977 

Founded 1874 Colly CoIage Wi .... , MIN 


