
UCSD GPA Steady Stud,ent Regent Applications 
Are Now' Being Accepted 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

Hull Sees Grades Losing Value 
"I've benefited tremendously," claimed Daryn Peeples of her post as 

Student Regent for the 1976-1977 school year. Applications for the 1977-78 
position, which involved "tremendous responsibilities," are being ac-
cepted through Feb. 11 by the University of California Student Lobby. 

Applications for the position are available in the Office of Student 
Affairs, located in the Student Center. 

"There is only one student member of the Board of Regents. This 
person will always have the unique responsibility of representing 
divergent student views, while also being a trustee of the State of 
California," said Peeples. She has sacrificed study time in order to 
gather student input and to keep office hours that make her avaitable to 
UC students. 

Bob Moore, UC Student Lobby Intern, and Jon Haber, lobby co-
Director, stress that "the Student Regent must be willing to develop -a 
working knowledge of the University issues, such as financial aid, the 
budget, quality and content of undergraduate and graduate education." 
One must also be willing "to devote the necessary time for the position, 
while being a student in good standing." 

Screening Applicants 
The process of screening applicants from the UCSD campus will in-

volve an interview with the Southern Regional Nominating Committee at 
UCLA for those persons whose applications have passed a preliminary 
viewing by the Conunittee. 

The Student Body President's Council will then interview five ap-
plicants from the south and four from the north, of which three will finally 
be screened by the Board of Regents. While Peeples found applying for 
the position "traumatic," she was thrilled at finally being chosen and 
feels that "it was all worth it." 

"The qualifications for the position are flexible, but you should have a 
general knowledge of how the University operates and perhaps one 
systemwide interest like affirmative action or registration fees," says 
Peeples. "However, self-motivation, determination and awareness can 
always make up for a lack of information on specific issues." 

Peeples' background includes serving as chairperson of the Student 
Advisory Commitf.ee to the Offtce of AdJ;ni ions and RecQrqs an<i a~ 
member of the Registration Fee Committee. It was through her job with 
the Public Information Office that she first began her interest in inter-
campus student government. She said her present position is a result of 
her own active involvement at the UC Berkeley campus. 

Peeples sees the post as being "time-consuming and perhaps 
frustrating, but also very rewarding. The experience gained from serving 
one year as a Regent could not be duplicated in a lifetime." 

Exchange Students Compare Schools 

by Wesley Wada 
Staff Writer 

During the Vietnam War era, 
non-economic type of inflation 
began to emerge. Student grade 
point . averages began to rise. A 
1964 survey, conducted by Arvo 
Juola, a Michigan State University 
professor, polled 135 colleges and 
universities across the country. 
The survey indicated that the 
average G PA among those in-
stitutions polled was 2.44. In 10 
years, the average GPA rose to 
2.77. 

At UCSD, the seniors' spring 
cumulative GPA for 1967 was 2.645. 
In 1970, the GPA jumped to 2.980. 
Current UCSD grade statistics 
would not be released by the 
registrar's office. 

During this same period the 
average GPAs of enterigg classes 
of graduate schools also began to 
rise. In 1967, Boalt Hall law school 
of UC Berkeley, admitted a class 
with an average GPA of 3.42. The 
entering class of 1976 carried a 3.60 
GPA. 

One person who is not surprised 
by thilt upward trend is Tom Hull, 
Assistant to the Vice-chancellor of 
Academic Affairs. 

Best Swdent Ever 
"We are getting the best students 

we've ever had," explained Hull. 
"The students are better 
prepared. " 

In reference to graduate schools, 
Hull explains, "you have a great 
deal with Boalt Hall. There are 

Dartmouth Rowdy; UCSD Friendly 
by Lisa Frankel 

Staff Writer 

" It is a small school, but there 
are those who love it," stated 
Daniel Webster in 1823 about 
Dartmouth College. 

According to six Dartmouth 
students, part of the sixteen 

students participating in the 
specia l Muir-Dartmouth 
student exchange program this 
quarter at uam, this quote still 
reigns true today as they 
compared and contrasted UCSD 
with their home school. 

"Life at Dartmouth is never 
boring! " stated Karl Hart-

• 

{Jl1rtmouth students Lindo Bannon (~t' and Nancy Jackson relax outside 
rll(' " Muir campus dormItory . TT "'-to: ... . ...... 

mann, senior. Each interviewed 
exchange student agrees that 
the Dartmouth students are 
much rowdier and spirited than 
the UCSD students. SiRce 90 
percent of the students at 
Dartmouth live on campus in 
the small and isolated town of 
Hanover, Massachusetts, 
student social life tends to 
center almost exclusively 
around the campus. 

Frederic Vorys, sophomore, 
stated that "at Dartmouth there 
is no nearby town, such as Del 
Mar, and students stay at school 
to party. If there is a party at 
Dartmouth, everyone knows 
about it." 

Strong Social Life 

The exchange students ex-
press that unlike at UCSD, the 
social life at Dartmouth is 
centered around the 22 college 
fraternities. Sponsoring many 
social functions, the fraterniUes 
are often competitive and 
contribute to much of the school 
spirit. 

The inter-collegiate football 
and hockey teams at Dartmouth 
further enhance school spirit 
and loyalty. Also, contrary to 

U~D, the school carries the 
traditional pride that has 
developed in the over ISO years 
It has been established. 

Continued OD baek pale 

many California students who 
would like to stay in California. 
Berkeley is rated the seventh best 
law school in the nation and ex-
penses are about $670 (per school 
year). Berkeley could have filled 
its class with 4.0s if they wanted 
to." 

This does not mean, Hull em-
phasized, that he believes grade 
inflation is a non-existant problem 
in our educational institutions. 

"Grades are losing their value," 
confided Hull. "Graduate schools 
must fall back on MCATs and 
LSATs (for their evaluations of 
students)." 

Pass Not Pass 
The PasslNot Pass system is 

considered to be a major con-
tributor to grade inflation. 
Students interested in attaining 
high GPAs utilize this option when 
taking difficult courses, thus 
avoiding the possibility of a 
mediocre grade. 

However, according to Rena 
Reno, program representative and 
Advisor for Third College, students 
are abusing this privilege. Reno 
explained that students taking a 
class with the Pass/Not Pass 
option sometimes find that after 
well into the quarter they have an 
"A" in the course. Even though the 
deadline for changing the option is 
long past, students try to change 
their status in the class. Often they 
are successful. 

" Students can petition 
anything," commented Reno. 

The upward trend of grades, 

however, seems to be stabilizing. 
The 1974 figure of 2.77 for the 135 
colleges across the nation 
represented a peak according to 
Juola's survey. In his 1975 survey, 
a drop to 2.74 was recorded. Juola 
remarked that " it is !>ignificant 
that this decrease ... represents a 
marked change from the pattern of 
successive increases since 1965 and 

Tom Hull 
TT Photo: Bill Brooks 

perhaps since 1960." 
UCSD's seniors' spring 

cumulative GPA also appears to 
have 1 veled off. ince 1970, when 
the GPA was 2.980, the change has 
been minimal. In 1975, the senior's 
GPA was 2.974. 

The Faculty are "clamping 
down" on grades according to 
Reno. She added that easy graders 
are a "minority" on campus. 

MIT Nuclear Ph),sicist Warns 
Against Arms Proliferation 

by Dorothy Houston 
Staff Writer 

"Unless we bring the nuclear arms race under control, we are insuril)g 
the disappearance of the human race," warned Bernard Feld, professor 
of physics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and editor of the 
Bulletin for Atomic Scientists. Feld startled UCSD students with other 
similar and disturbing statements in a lecture entitled "Nuclear Power 
and Nuclear Proliferation" last Thursday evening. 

Beginning the talk by discussing a possible nuclear confrontation 
between the superpowers of the US and the USSR, Feld said, "We're 
reaching the stage where damage could be completely devastating. We 
have a few thousand inter-continental missiles, each the equivalent of a 
million tons of TNT." This compares with the bomb that fell on 
Hiroshima and Nagasaki, each carrying the equivalent of 15 to 20 
thousand tons of TNT. 

"Even a constained nuclear war would result in hundreds of millions of 
casualties, with 80 to 90 per cent of all industry being wiped out," said 
Feld. " Naturally, the radioactivity and ozone depletion would be 
widespread. " 

A " Det rreDt Effect" 
Feld stated that there exists a "deterrent effect" where " no Russian 

leader in his right mind (knowing the nuclear capacity of the U.S.) would 
order the US to be bombed." Feeling that we can greatly reduce our arms 
supply and still uphold this "deterent effect," Feld said, " You don't have 
to trust the Rus ians to have arms limitation. Our potential for over kill i 
tremendous, we've got to take a large step and get on the path towards 
limitation. " 

Feld feels that the Strategic Arms Limitation talks have failed to 
control the nuclear problem because when " limitation agreements are 
finally worked out they are nullified because of the new types of 
weaponry constantly being developed." 

" We're running the arms race; we d,vl~lop th ne weapons and 
Russia follows," said Feld. He further stated that the w ucb a 
up rfluidity of weapons that the military had a hard time thinkin of 

new thing to do with th m. 
Dangers of ucl ar Pr IhertloD 

Discussing the probl m of nuclear prolif ration in d ve)opin coun-
tri • Feld cited this as a "very ddll ~l uU" ituulivlI. I .. , I L no 
guarantee of preventing the proliferation of nuclear power in the 
countr'ie ," he said. Additionally, he point d out that " if country ha 
nuclear power plant it can us th plut nium produc d to manuf r tur 
bombs." 

.• A hundred me aw tt power plant, whi hi a mall plant, can produ 

otiDued 0 hac page 



.... 1 &.. 
I....-- ,q..t 

and REFRESHMENTS -
Itl OUf I.!j)I"'" Ca.mo Lounge 
FREE PRIZES 
TR IPS TO LAKE TAHOE 
and MAMMOTH 

GI h Ceruilulft fOf' DWlMn, 
Recorcb. 5pofUIlQ Goods ,nd 
much mort 

77 
Seturdoy. F_u.V 5th 
• P.M. to 12:30 A.M. 
1e::!P~ UCSO GYM 

Bt.dc)Kk • Cr ... 
KENO 

Wheel of F Of'tUM 
Roulet1l AND Poker 

... 
eALI."_ •• '" 

SOOfI1OfiId bv UCSO PhV11Q1 Ed~11OIl o...r,_t 
NO PURCHASE NECESSARV 

• *********************~*******~ 
:Tired of Living On Campus?: 
• GO· * :Got a reat pportunlty to : 

~ * ~Move to the Beach? : 
~ * ~ Put In A Classifi~d Ad And SELL Your ,.. 

~ Con tract - ,.. 
~ ,.. 
~ Only 2Sc p~r day in the IT. ,.. 

~***********~*****************~ : ...............••... , 
• camp • 
: komaroff : 
• a jewish resident camp at lake arrowhead • 
• intervievvs will be held at san diego state for • 
• counselors, specialists , supervisors , kitchen • 
• and maintenance staff • 
• thursday feb . 3 and friday feb . 4 . • 
• go to san diego state's career • 
• planning and placement fOI"" an appointment. • 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

Revelle Seniors 
Join the 

Graduation Committee 
Feb. 2 at 5:00 at 

The Revelle Provost's Office 
Everyone Invited 

Help choose our qraduation speak.er. 

ucLA 
GRAdUATE 

MANAGEMENT 

U . C . L.A . Graduate School of 
Management will have a representative 
on campus Wednesday Februa!""y 2 in the 
Bfternoon to oisc.;uss the MBA pl""ogram. 
No particular undergl""aduBte major is 
required. 

For more information please contact 
the Career Plann ing and Placement 
Office. Student Center Building B, or 
write : U.C . l.A. Graduate School of 
Management, Student Affeil""s . Los 
Angeles. California 90024 . 

-

_rlte.ldnMOS 

Commentary 
An . Essay on Student Power 

by ADdy Scluaelder 
Studest RIP" TMk Force 

In I~ diverse student groups across the UC 
Berkeley campus coalesced to fonn the Free Speech 
movement. Radical, liberal, and conservative ac-
tivists joined to center their organization around a 
fight with the administration over the right to 
political advocacy. 

At that time, any activity faintly connected with the 
organizing, fund raising, speaking on behalf, or 
recruiting for political causes was banned from 
campus. The rule was enforced with a threat of ex-
pulsion. BatUelines for the struggle were drawn over 
a small strip of land at Bancroft and Telegraph Way 
'.hrough which hwulreds of students entered each d3y 
on their way to classes and the adjacent student 
center. 

This area was used by student leaders to hand out 
leaflets, to raise money for freedom fighters on their 
way south, and to recruit protestors for strikes aimed 
at community business interests, The administration 
called it a 'safety pressure valve ', looked the other 
way, and ordered that the property should be sold to 
the city until ... students organized a protest against 
the politics of Barry GO.ldwater and picketed the 
Republican National Convention. 

The University has a special constitutional status 
which makes its operation independent from state 
goverrunent intervention. Fearing that student 
political activity would be a threat to this relation-
ship, the University clamped down hard. I,t moved to 
shut down the efforts of activists at Bancroft and 
Telegrllph Way. 

Continual failure to meet student demands for the 
right to political advocacy resulted in a take over of 
administration buildings, creation of a 'free 
university' and a sudden stop to the operation of the 
institution. 

With the blessing of the Governor and the 
assistance of a batallion of state troopers a rmed with 
riot gear, the administration retaliated by ordering 
student removal. Violence and bloodshed cleared 
Sproul Hall, but other students acutely aware of the 
situation would rW} a boycott to effectively close the 
teaching and research function of Berkeley. 

. Administrative power and control was overthrown. 
The Academic Senate voted to honor the demands of 

~~~. . 
Why did student leaders willingly accept expulsi~ 

rather than compromise political stands? What 
caused students to fight the power of the ad-
ministration to the point of physical struggle and jail? 
And most important, why were thousands of students 
willing to protest in the classroom and boycott the 
classroom? 

The battle over the right to free speech escalated 
into a concentration of students with the strength in 
supportive numbers to freely question the social 
values which legitimized the operation of the 
University. Students condemned the tradition of 
elitist influence in University development. Students 
opposed the selling of the -University to a corporate 
and military world which determined t1Je purpose of 
academic programs by its power to fund. Students 
were torn between personal committment to moral 
values and the pressure to fit right molds for a job. 

The false innocence of existence in an academic 
sanctuary was chaUenged by the knowledge of the 
bombs, race riots, and social poverty in the real 
world. This isolation was matched with an im-
personal institution which appeared to represent a 
repressed reality and a lack of response to SOCial 
need. . 

The acts of the administration were not the cause 
but set the environment for the struggle. Bennett 
Berger's LqokiDg for America suggests that 
" ... student unrest was not invented by outside 
agitators, that Its source is in sOcial conditions 
conservatives affirm, and that it is not repressible 
short of military measure." 

Students closed the University. The demand was 
clear and it was worth bloodshed. The University was 
forced to adapt or face Wlcertain death. The Berkeley 
experience sparked similar student strikes across the 

Students were torn between 
personal committment to moral 
values and the pressure to fit right 
molds for a job . 

nation. In the wake of this movement, the University 
chose to adapt...but, on a superficial level. 

This University attempt to placate pressure 
created an orgy of relevant courses and student 
participation. Special alternative learning projects 
were recognized. Academic programs focused on 
social need. Students were appointed to advise dozens 
of acad9fllic senate and administrative committees. 

'. As the years passed the student population changed 
with a new generation, but the faculty and the ad-
ministration stayed. Student leaders burned out, 
student organizations dispersed, pnd administrators 
continued to maintain the bureaucracy . The fun-
damental gains of the Free Speech Movement slowly 
eroded. Students still sit on campus-wide committees 
in large numbers, but what do they decide? 

Not much. . . 
Students are observers, perspective-givers or 

judged unable to represent a consensus of the student 
body: They are not equal .active factors in the 
decision-making process. Experimental projects, 
alternative programs, and relevant academic a~ 
proaches to social need remain in the fonn of 
rhetoric. These purposes have been recycled and the 
remnants have been retreaded into traditional 
departmental discipline. 

Where does that leave the students of the 70's? 
Nowhere, powerless, and window dressing for 
decisions made by the University bureaucracy. What 
have we learned? The time is coming when we will 
begin again. It is absolutely crucial to build a student 
organization strong enough to socialize new students, 
pass down advancements to new generations, 
educate with past experience, and recruit fresh in-
volvement; fluid enough to avoid our own 
bureaucracy and flexible enough to allow change. 

I don't think that the answer is to overthrow power 
and take total responsibility for control. The most 

Continued on page 3 

triton times The Triton Times Is publl~ed by UCSD studants as an official student newspaper. 
Oavld Eisen· Exocutl .. editor 
Mar1< Stadler · M ... glng editor 
Gary Ghlrardl • Ad .. rtiling M .. ooer 
Alan Russell· N_ editor 
Alec Ne<·elman· Assocl.t. News editor 
Shauna Stokes · PRlduction M.".",r 
Sue Nealon· Copy editor 
Ran Anbar· OpInion editor 
Scott Sadll· Sport. editor 
Tim MacKenzie· Art. editor 
Bill Brooks· Photo editor 
Joel C. Don· AalClCle .. New. editor 
Vera Todorov· Co_11y editor 

Publication Is on Mondays . Wedne$days and Fridays during the regular school year 
(except on official holidays) . Editorial and business offices are located In the Student 
Center at the Unlvarsity of Cellfornla. San Diego. For editorial . call 452·3466; lor bu.lness 
and dlsplayadvertlslng . call452·3~. 

Leltars to the editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissions must be typed 
and dooble-spaced on a 7 .... space line. They should not exceed t·1/2 pages In length. 

Submltt"" material must bear the name end student Identification number 01 the IUthor. 
Names can be withheld from publication on requ .. t ; howe .... the nam .. will be held on file 
for public Inspection. 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions bOCause 01 space limitations or 
style requirement • • 

Entire contentHOPyrlght 1977 the Triton Times. 

WANTED 
Muir College 

Orientation Leaders 
for SUMMER and 

FALL, 1977 

Apply through Student employm~nt or 
contact the Muir [kan's OffiCI! for mor~ 
information at x 3587. 

PRECISION CUnlNG 
SKINCARE 

.lULUET MANICURING 

A complete Redken S.lon 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
Right by La .l0I1a VIII ... Inn 

455-0680 
10 ..... DISCOUNT 

Bring this ed II coupon ... i ~ WlthS!Uden~rF'CUItYID .) . .' .~~ 

MoodeY,""""" 11, 1J7'J triton times 

"Miss Janie" Author 
-

Bullins Depicts· Ghetto Life 
by Ted NavlD Barke 

stall Writer 
"I was the one in the gang who 

wrote down the words of street 
corner songs," said acclaimed 
black playwrite Ed Bullins. "Be~g 
a writer in myoid PhiladelphIa 
neighborhood was almost un-
thinkable. One either got a job that 
they'd keep the rest of their lives, 

joined the army, hustled, or went 
to jail. Writing was thought to be 
effete, and blacks who wanted to be 
writers were denigrated for trying 
to be white. " 

Bullins, the author or the drama 
~partment's upcoming produc-
tion of the award winning The 
Taldng of Miss Janie, spoke last 
Wednesday to a drama student 

Led Zeppelin and Foghat 
To Play at Sports Arena 

In case you haven't heard, Led Zeppelin will return to the Sports Arena 
for a concert on March 8. The band will also play three dates in Los 
Angeles on March 9, 12 and 13. All tickets go on sale today. 

Santana will be performing in concert at Golden Hall Wednesc;tay night 
at '7:30. The tour is in conjWlction with the ~uitarists new album •. Festival. 

The Steve Miller Band returns to the Sports Arena this Saturday. 
Special att raction is harmonicist Norton Buffalo. 

Foghat will also be at the Sports Arena wit~ a concert on Thursday, 
February 10. Foghat's latest single, " Drivin' Wheel," off of the new LP 
Nightshift, is currently. riding high on the chartS. Special guests at the 
concert will be Derringer , featuring Rick De rringer , and Ambrosia. 
. Fleetwood Mac is scheduled to play the Sports Arena on Tuesday, 
March 1. Tickets go 011 sale later this week. Their new album is entitled 
RumorS. 

Queen, featuring Freddie Mercury and Brian May, will be at the Sports 
Arena March 5. Tickets go on sale next week. Their new LP is entitled A 

At The Races. 

seminar in the Mandeville Recital 
Hall. He spoke on his development 
as a play write , black literature in 
the Sixties, and his primary con-
cerns in subject matter. 

Born in 1935, Bullins began 
writing prose pieces for small 
magazines in the 50's, doing what 
he termed " personal" writing, 
evolving to protest material, which 
he later abandoned for the theater. 

" I became, in a sense, a public 
writer with the theater," he said, 
" because theater is a community 
art. With the advent of the Sixties, 
there were other black writers like 
myself who were ready to cast 
aside the self consciousness of 
experimentation and speak 
directly of what we knew. I had, for 
years, lived with the lowest caste 
of urban life in American culture, 
and since I knew these things best, 
.I sought to use these people as full 
blown dramatic characters. 1 
wanted to write scripts from their 
point of view. 

For example, 1 wrote a story 
called The Reluctant Rapist, in 
which I sought to get inside the 
psyche of the rapist. Friends ask 
me why I've concentrated on the 
lower depths of society, and I 
answer that I have broken hread 
too many times with these folks to 
ignore them. They need a voice, a 
voice to show everyone else what 
the underbelly of American culture 
is like. These things need exposure. 
They're just as much a part of the 
American make· up as anything 
else." 

He went on to say that he had no 
idea of what direction black 
writers will take in the future. He 
said that he was glad that black 
literature is more respectable 
today than it was just a few years 
ago, but bemoaned the growing 
banality of subject matter and 
treatment, citing Alex Haley's 
Roots as an example. 

The Taking of Miss Janie, 
directed by Luther James, will be 
presented at the UCSD Theater 
beginning Feb. 3, with per-
formances on the 6, 8, and 13. Each 

Foghot to ploy at Spor ... ts_A_r..:.e_no.:.....:.T_h.:...ur_s_do....:y;....... ______ ... s ... h.;.ow.......:b_e:;:,gin_s _at_e_i.;;:g_ht_._.-;.. __ -, 

Student Power ... 
[Continued from page 2] 

viable strategy would be to use 
power to influence and to gain the 
right of mutual respect with equal 
partiCipation in decision-making. 
We should support ourselves not by 
the energy of a single strike, but 
with the strength of responsible 
participation. Administrative 
positions should be countered with 
opposing research, not rhetoric. 
Administrative proposals should 
be countered with vlable alter-
natives, not undefined accusations. 

And then student power will have 
the weight of the masseS willing to 
put the pressure of numbers behind 
plans, not cosmic statements. 
Berkeley students proved the 
University can be temporarily 
overthrown from within. Real 
change in the University can only 
be accomplished when you com-
bine internal movements with 
external pressures. Researched 
goa l oriented objectives and 
proposals can find a much larger 
influential .base in the community 
as a change agent. 

When will It happen? Maybe a 
start to build a base to grow from 
could be found in the upcoming 
refe rendum. Choose to 9articlpate. 

MISSion Transmission 
& Brakes 
~pec ialiLing in : 

Dome. tic , Automatic and 
tandard - Also complete . 

Brake Service 
SPECIAL STUDENT 

PRICES WITH AD AND 
1.0 . FROM UCSD 

6131 Mission GorgE' Rd . 
2 OIocks North of 1-5 

283-6116 

DO your test scores reflect 
what you really know? 

If not . take the 

Testing Skills Workshop 
Thrusday. February 3 at 3:00 pm 
Muir College Apartment Lounge 

Workshop run by Barbara Penn of Oasis 
sponsored by Muir College 

• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB SPEAKER SERIES 
presents 

DR. PAUL PICKOWICZ 
Asst. Professor of History. U.C.S .D. 

: "China's D~vdoEm~ntal Struggle; 
: City v~rsus C()l1ntrysid~ . " 
: ' INTERNATIONAL CENTER 
• Tuesday . F~bl""Uaryl.1977 - 8p .m . 
: Admission i Fr~e , Rdreshml!nts will b~ 
: served . 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Parking 
Students are Reminded 

"S'! Park.... Pt .... h. .. V.lid In YELLOW mlPED 
Parking s,a. Only. (s.. c.,.. MIl,) 

CihdiH ... In_ I .... p.,.lnt. Fullilriz. 'ours'" 
witII tilt Park ............. . 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223. 

Gungchi's, Inc. 
GALLERY OF ASIAN ARTS 

AND ARTIFACTS 

peciali7 i n ~ in Ori~inals: Batik ~, Oil. W ater Color~. Sand 
P ai n t in gs, T ea k Woodcllt~. Bra \\arc, 

B ro nze "-a re , LaC4UU\\ arc and JC\\ cl1"~ . 
CO llnl ri~., ClI" Ori~in: cpa l. Indi3. Thailand. Phi lippine". 

China , 1\ 0 1 ca . Ind o nc<,ia, 1\1 ala~'ta. Cambodia . 
E \dll ,i \l' l~ rl· ~tllrinl! : Th ai S ilk I lo \\ cr~ h~ like or B:ln!!~(l " 

22411 Avcnid a Dc i .t Playa 
I a Jo lla Shore\ "59- 1021 

HUCKELART 

1'9]1 ~J!UI!&"!I IM9!' 
Roast Beef Sandwich 
$1.20 with this ad 

• .. .a;··~·;a, .... .a. ... :a; .. :. ... :a;·~.~·-I,..;a,......,.r .. -w..; .. :a; • ...-. 30~;a·~r~ti~;·~f ~r;t~p;rt;d~"Beer 
over 300 types of Cheese 

If you're throwing a party. come see us 
we're the closest to campus 

2165 Avenlda De La Playa, La J olla Shore. 459-3921 



I rlllIlIlllIlI'S 

8:~:30 pm - up for Muir CoUege Advanced Writing Exam to be given Feb 7,1977. 
Infonnation at 1254 HL. ~ 

11 am - Seminar, Southwest Fisheries Aud., La Jolla Shores Drive. Dr. Tim Barnett, 
"TIme and Spa<1e Scales of the Pacific Tradewind Systems." 

12·1 pm - Conditioning, Wrestling Room 
12 pm-
6- ASIS Blo-Cbem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities Ubrary (Basement). 
2 ';' AMES F1uld Mechanics and Energy Center Seminar, room 7104 Urey HaU, 

Reve enry L. Stadler, Ford Motor Co., "Automotive Fuel Control and Fuel Economy." 
~ pm - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. . 
3:3 - SIO Department Seminar, Sumner Aud., SIO. Dr. Marko Branica, Ruder 

Bosk . lnstitute, "An Electrochemist Looks at Seawater." 
4-5 p Karate, North Balcony 
4 SoUd Mechanics and Structures Seminar, room 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. 

Willia Nachbar, "Stable Postbuckling Equilibrium Displacements of Axially-
Comp ed, Elastic Cylindrical Shells; Finite Element Analysis and Comparison with 
Expe nt. " 

4 pm - High Energy Physics Seminar, room l10G H&SS Bldg., Muir. Dr. Jeffrey Weiss, 
Stanf , "Massive Dilepton Production in Hadronic Collisions at Fermilab." 

4::m, - Sociology Colloquium Series, room 7023 H&SS Bldg., Muir. Dr. Irving Horowitz, 
Rutgers, " Policy Roles for Social Scientists." 

4 :~ :30 pm-Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
5-6 pm - Conditioning Club, Wrestling Room. 
5-6 pm - Aikido, East Conf. Room Student Center. 
7-9 pm - Aikido, Wrestling-Room. 
5-7 :30 pm - Belly Dance, North Balcony. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments . Rap Session at 

7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. call 452-2669. 
6-7 pm - Weight Lifting, Rec. Conf. Room. 1st Mtg. 
6·9 pm - Snow Ski, H&SS 1330, Sun Valley Movie & Speaker 
6:30 pm - UCSD Student Cooperative Union meeting. North Conference Room, Student 

Center. 
7 pm - Interest-Activity Group meeting: Bridge. Student interested in meeting others to 

play bridge or learn bridge are welcomed . Fourth Rec Center, 711 MC. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization - all are welcome. Argo Hall Student 

Offices. 
7 pm - UCSD Soaring Club, Ground School. Club office, bottom of Ar,go Hall. 
7-.9 pm - Developing Career Alternatives Workshop. Discover occupations related to your 

major; get career info for deciding on a major! Sign-up: career Planning or Muir 
Residence Dean. Free. 1st meeting. 

7: 15-9 pm - Fourth College Program Board meeting. Planning, carrying~ut and 
evaluating Fourth College events. All interested students welcome. Conference Roo~ 302 
MC. ' 

7 :30 pm - Interest-Activity Group Meeting: Chess (Beginning and intermediate). Persons 
seekmg to learn and play together will be meeting. Fourth Rec Center 711 MC. 

7:30 pm - Meeting - UCSD Chess Club includes continuing unrated tourney. Student 
Center. , 

7 :30 pm - Royal Shakespeare Company film of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" directed 
by Peter Hall, with Diana Rigg and David Warner. USB 2722. Free. ' 

8 pm - " Male Sexuality," North Dining Room, Revelle . A film, lecture and discussion led 
by Hugh Pates, head counselor at Revelle. Free. 

8 pm - Interest-Activity Group meeting: GoU. Individuals looking for others active in 
gol£ing at UCSD should plan to attend. Fourth Rei: Center 711 MC. 

8-10:30 pm - Israeli Fo~ Dancing - Asher will review dances from 8-9; from 9 on, dances 
by request. Come dance With us! Rec Gym Conference Room. ' 

9 : ~5 pm - " War of the Worlds," Monday Nite Films . A science fiction classic. Muir 
5&Dune. Free. 

Feb. 8 - Auditions for UCSD Talent Showcase (to be held February 26). Complete 
registration and sign-up for audition time at EDNA desk. Revelle cafeteria. 

8 : 30-4:~0 pm - Sign up for Muir College Advanced Writing Exam to be given Feb 7 1977. 
Informatlon at 1254 HL. ' 

9 aI? • Section 1; 10 .am - Section 2; 11 am - Section 3 - Effective Reading Classes. The 
Reading and Stu~y Skills ~rogr8Jll. offers groups designed to assist students who request 
help ~h developmg effective reading and study skills. Come to the OASIS office Student 
Cente eomplex, Building " B", to sign up for a group. For additional information ~hollt th" 
Reading and Study Skills Program, contact Barbara Penn at the OASIS office, 452-3760. 

NoOll- Tuesday Concerts, Mandeville Recital Hall. "Two Piano Recital" performed by 
Sharon Sanborn and Steven Baker. Free. 

12·1 pm - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12 noon- 1 pm - Brown Bag Lunch Series, "Exploring Careers and the Health Sciences," 

will focus in on the field of medical technology with Arnold Kessler, Head of the V.A. 
Hospital lab. Multi-purpose room, Building " B", Student Center Complex. 

12 n~-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Bio-Chem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities 
Library' Basement). 

1-2 pm - Study Skills Class. The Reading and Study Skills Program offers groups designed 
to ass is Iltudents who request help with developing effective reading and study skills . Come 
to the ASIS office, Student Center Complex, Building " B", to sign up for a group. For 

additio~al information about the Reading and Study Skills Program, contact Barbara Penn 
at the OASIS office, 452-3760. 

3-4 pm - Weight Management Group - To help you find ways of modifying your eating 
habits and develop support systems to help maintain weight reduction. Counseling & 
Psychological Services, 412 Matthews Campus. Call x3755 to sign up. Free. 

3:30 pm - Eeonomics Seminar, room 3216 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Eitan Muller, Northwestern 
Univ., " Diff tlSion of lnformation and Advertising Policies. " 

3:30 pm - Archery, Room 20 Rec Gym. 
4 pm - Pluma Physics Seminar, Room 1110, P&L Bldg., Muir. Dr. Torkil Jenson, General 

Atomic, "Linear Response of a Resistive Plasma to Axisymmetric Perturbations." 
4 pm - t:hemical Physics Seminar, room 2105 Bonner Hall, Revelle. Prol. William 

Klemperer, Harvard Univ., " Interstellar Molecule Formation." 
4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
4: 30.6 : 30 pm - Gymlla&ticlI, South 'lalcony . 
5-9 pm - Ulrth Control Clinic. Counseling, infonnalion, and appointments. Rap Session at 

7 pm. All wd me. Student Health. call 452-2669. 
6 pm - AC:LU meeting 10 work on projects and issues. Coffee Hut. 
6-7 :30pm-Outing. Rec. Conf. Room. 
6:30 pm - ¥eeting of Union of Jewish Students. Student Organizations Conference Room, 

Student Center. 

7:30 pm - Meeting. General meetlng· Student Production Co-op. All performing artists 
invited to attend. North Conference Room, Student Center. Free for all. 

7:30 pm- Men's volleyball,MainGym. UCSan Diego vs . SDSU. 
7:30 pm - Seminar on Christianity: " The Creedal Foundation for Faith" led by Campus 

Pastor John Huber. University·Community Church, 9595 La Jolal Shores Drive. 
7:30pm, 8 pm &8 :30 pm - Inter st Activity Group meetings: Surfing [7:30), Siding [8:00), 

and cuba and sklng diving [8:30) . Students interested in meeting other students with 
similar post-times are invited to attend . Fourth Rec Center, 711 MC. 

7 : 3~9 pm - TM Members· continuation of video tape series, refreshments. Gameroom 
Conference Room, Student Center. 

Whats 
7:30-9:30 pm - Balkan Folk Dancing· we will be reviewing dances taught at recent AMAN 

festival from 7::JO..a:30; dances by request afterwards. HSS 2305. $.25 students, $.50 nofloo 
students. 

8 pm - Regents Lecturer PbUippe Halsman, Mandeville Recital Hall. Free. 
8 pm - International Club SpeUer Series. Dr. Paul Pickowicz, Assistant Professor of 

History, UCSD. " China's Developmental Struggle: City versus Countryside." Slides will be 
shown. Refreshments. International Center. Free. 

9: 15 pm - Live entertainment with "Mark Slanifortb." Muir 5&:Dime. Free. 

Feb Auditions for UCSD Talent Sbowcase (to be held February 26). Complete 
registr and sign-up for audition time at EDNA desk. Revelle Cafete\ia. 

8 :~A' pm - Sign up for Muir College Advanced Writing Exam to be given Feb ?, 1977. 
lnfo~n at 1254 HL. 

9-10 a Motivational Workshop - For students who feel very lethargic and unmotivatecl 
acade. . Ily . The aim of the workshop will be to help the student become more successfw 
and m nthused in his or her academic persuits. Revelle Counseling Office. Call x3490 to 

ee. 
ction 1; 10 am - Section 2; 11 am - Section 3; Effective Reading Classes. 

Readin d Study Skills Program offers groups designed to assist stlldents who 
help wi~-,eveloping effective reading and study skills . Come to the OASIS office, 
Center (Jamplex, Building "B", to sign up for a group. For additional information about 
Reading Study Skills Program, contact Barbara Penn at the OASlS office, 452-3760. 

12 noo AMES 205 Film Series. Film: "F1uid Dynamics of Drag, Pari III," presented by 
the Depa ent of AMES. 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 

12-1 PJII Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12 no 4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Bio-Chem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 IIU"Uilllllles 

Library basement). 
12-4 :3 m - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Call 

26690rdio by. Student Health. 
12 :30-<2:30 pm - Sex Clinic. For students seeking information or counseling about human 

sexual f ctioning. Meets every Wed. Revelle Counselor's Office, x3490. 
1-3 pm - FOCUSING ON ········WORKSHOP. ·Fill in the occupation that most inl.,ro"I. 

Iyou. Sign-up : Career Planning. Free. 
3 pm - "Meet Your Provost," meet Ur. Jonn :stewart, provost or MUir Ulllege toran 

of informal conversation, cookies and cider. Provost's Qffice, 2134 H&ss. . 
3-5 pm - Interviewing Techniques and Practice Workshop (with video-tape playback). 

Sign-up : career Planning. Free. . 
3:30 pm - Physical Oceanography Seminar, IGPP Conf. Room, SIO. Dr. Charles 

" Intrusions and Internal Waves." 
4 pm - System Science Seminar Series, room 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. Jerry Mendel, 

USC, "State Space Models of Layered Media Applications of State-space Techniques 
Problems in Reflection Seismology and Oil Exploration." 

4 pm - Organic/Inorganic Seminar, room 2622 USC, Revelle. Dr. Morton Gibian, 
Riverside, " Mechanistic Aspects of Lipoll'ygenase and Prostaglandin Synthetase." 

4 pm - Sociology Colloquium Series, room 7023 H&SS Bldg., Muir . Dr. John Ud~"'''' , 
SUNY, "Sexual Theory and Sexual Reform." 

4 pm - Latin American Film Series, Third College Auditorium. "The Principal Enemy, 
deals with the oppression and feudal conditions in the Altiplano. Free. 

4 pm - Astrophysics-Space Physics Seminar, room 1438 H·L Bldg., Revelle. Dr .. ,no""". 
Arons, UC Berkeley , "Potential Drops Above Pulsar Polar Caps." 

4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony 
. 4:30 pm - Calpirg meeting. All welcome to come. Student Organizations f'""fopo. 
Room, Student Center. 

4: 30-6 : 30 pm - Gymnastics, South Balcony 
5 pm - Revelle Graduation Committee Meeting. Revelle Community Center. 
5-6 pm - Conditioning Clu~, Wrestling Room. 
6 pm - Surf Club meetlog. All those wishing to compete must attend or contact 

before the meeting . HSS 2305. 
6 pm & 6:30 pm -lnterest-Actlvity Group meetings: Backpacking [6pm) and tennis [ 

pm ). Get-together with others that share your post·times. Fourth Rec Center, 711 MC. 
6~ pm - Suriing, Siology Bldg. 2135 
6~ : 30pm - Jazz Dance, North Balcony 
7:30 pm - Ted Forbes from the P.E. Dept. speaks on "Physical Fitness and tbe Collegt 

Student." Fourth Rec Center, 711 MC. 
8 pm - Wednesday Evenings at the Mandeville Center Concert Series. Program to 

announced. Mandeville Auditorium. General $3.00, Students and senior citizens, $2.50. 
9 pm - Lloyd Thacker in concert at The Headkeeper, 4tb College Rec Cdter. Call 

for information and directions. Location : Headkeeper, free . 

Auditions for UCSD Talent Showcase (to be held February 26). Complete registration 
sign·up for audition time at EDNA desk. Revelle Cafeteria. 

8:30 a .m .-4 :30 p.m. - Sign up for Mulr College Advanced Writing Exam to be given Feb. 
1977. Information at 1254 HL. 

9amSootion 1; lOam Section 2; 11 am Section 3 - Effective ReadiogClasses. The 
and Study Skills Program offers groups designed to assist students who request 
developing effective reading and study skills. Come to the OASIS office, Student 
Compl, Building liB", to sign up for a group. For additional information about 
Reading and Study Skills Program contact Barbara Penn at the OASlS office, 452-3760. 

10 a.m. - Space Research and the New Astrophysics, room 3050 B USB, Revelle. Prof. 
Akasofu.Univ. of Alaska, "Magnetospheric Research at Fairbanks." 

11-12:30 p.m. - Stress and Anxiety Reduction Group. For students experiencing 
anxiety ill test taking, social, or other personal situations. The aim of the group is to rPl'luctl. 
stress and increase personal self-confidence. Revelle Counselors' Office. Call x3490 to 
up. Free 

12-1 p - Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12-4:30 p.m. - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. can 

2669 or df'ell by. Student Health. 
Noon..., "m. and-6-9 p.m. - OASIS Blo-Chem Clinic, walk in tutoring . . 410 HurnaIllitielll 

Library (basement). 
12:30 ro. - Sumner Series, Sumner Aud., SlO. Mrs. Alice K. Taylor presents " Arr''' .... 

Zoofari' ree. 
3 p.m. - Testing Workshop· run by Barbara Perm of OASIS. Ease your anxiety 

taking tests. Muir Apt. Lounge. 
4-4 :30 p .m . -Horseback Riding [MTG). Rec. Conf. Room. 
4-6 p.m. - YOGA. Adaptive Room. 
4 p.m. - Physics Department Colloquium, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. George Masel.11 

"Gamma Ray Spectroscopy with Colliding Beams and the New Particles." 
4-5 p.m. - K41rate. North Balcony. 
4: 30 p.m. - Outing. Equipment checkout. 
4:30-6 :30 p .m . - Gymnastics. South balcony. 
5-8 p.m. - Ballroom Dllllce. Rec. Conf. Room. 
6 p.m. - Junior varsity basketball, Main Gym. UC San OIegova. USIU. Free. 
7 p.m. - Lecture, North Conference Room, Student Center. Dr. Stuart Grant, San 

wHl present a discussion on " Orthokerathology : Corrective Eye Care Through ,..-.".~. 
Lenses." Free. 
. 7 p.m. - Meeting of PIIoUtic Unnltel to prepare for field trip Feb. I, '. All who wlah to 
on trip must come or send friend.eo plana can be made. Gameroom Conferenee 
Student Center. 

7 p.m. - Muy do DOt believe Qed estRa. It LI becauae they are 80 limited In their UU11-. 

IrhOIlIlIlIl'S Page 5 

• 
• 
1/31-2/6 

theY have never sincerely tried to reach HJm? If you truly wahl to feel the presence of Our 
Heavenly Father, ask in alncerity and you will receive. Come learn to be clOller to christ at 
the Book of Nonnon Institute clasa and LDS Club meeting. tittle white house across the 
street from Tioga Hall. . 

7.9 p~. - Developlq Career A1terutn;eI Worbbop. DiIcover occupations related to 
your ~jor; get career Info for deciding on a major! Sign-up: Career Planning or Muir 
Residence Dean. Free. 2nd meeting. 

7-10 p,.m. - Sympolimn - The Role of Sports in Society and In the University. Four 
prorrUqent guest speakers. All interested students welcome!! Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Free. • 

7-10 P . - Fencing. West balcony. 
7:30 . - Bible Study: Book of James, led by Campus Pastor John Huber. University-

Comm 'ty Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
7:3() p. . - Babai Fireside - All religious of the past fuUilled by one name, Bahaullah . An 

informa discussion about the Bahai Faith will be held in the Student Center Gameroom 
ConfereDce Room. 

7:3()"9 .m. -Drill Team. North balcony. 
8 p.m. - Geological Sciences Seminar, IGPP Coni. Roolll, SIO. Chris von d~r Borch, 

Flinders)Univ., " Stranded Quaternary Lagoon Barrier Sequences in Southern Australia and 
· Other Significance in Quaternary Research." 

8 p.m. - "The Taking of Miss Janie," UCSD Theatre, Matthews. The startling and 
provocative drama by black playwright Ed Bullins is directed by Dr. Luther James. All 
students: $2; general admission : $3.50. Tic.kets available at UCSD Theatre tic.ket office, 452-
4574. • 

8 p.m. - "Don Quixote," Mandeville Aud. A film directed and choreographed by Rudolph 
Nureyev. Starring Nureyev and the dancerS of the Australian Sallet. All students: $1.50; 
general admission : $2.50. Tickets available atthe UCSD box office, 452-4559. 

8 p.m . - Varsity basketball, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. USIU. Free. 
9 p.m . - Lloyd Thacker in concert at Revelle Side Door. Number 2 in a series - collect 

them a ll (452-3025 for information). Location: Side Door, free. 
8 p.m . - 4th College Commuter Board meeting. Conference Room 302 MC. 
8:30-4 :30p.m. - Sign up for Muir College Advanced Writing Exam to be given Feb. 7,1977. 

Information at 1254 HL. 
10 a .m. - Institute for Continued Learning Lecture, Swoner Aud., SlO. Dr. Jason Smith, 

Cal State Univ., Northridge, "A New Light on the Far West. " Smith headed the ar-
cheological dig last summer at Univ. House. Free. 

12 noon - Film Subcommittee meeting of Campus Program Board. Program films for 
spring and fall 1977. Arts and Lectures Office, Building "S ", Student Center. 

12-4 p.m. - OASIS Bio-Chem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Hwoanities library (basement). 
12-4 :30 p.m. - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information a"nd appointments. call 452· 

2669 or drop by. Student Health. 
12~ p.m. - Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
12 :05 p.m. - Marine Biology Seminar, room 307 Vaughan Hall , SlO. Donald Griffen, 

Rockefeller Univ., "Cognitive Ethology : The Evolutionary Constancy of Awareness." 
2 p.m. - Center for Music Experiment Colloquium Series, Bldg. 408, Matthews. David 

Tudor, "Composers Inside Electronics." 
2 p.m. - AMES-Bioengineering Seminar, room 2100 BSS, Med. School. Dr. Robert 

Livingston, "3-D Anatomy Made Eal>ier to Display and Quantize by Aid of Computers. " 
2-3 p.m. - Center for Music Experiment and Related Research Colloqulum Presentation : 

David Tudor speaks on "Composers Inside Electronics". 408 MC. Free. 
3-4:30 p.m. - Optieal Signal Processing Seminar, "Applications of Integrated Optical 

Circuits to Signal Processing", Dr. Henry Taylor, Naval Electronics Laboratory Center. 
Room 3218, Building 2A, (AP&M). 

3:30 p.m. - Ph.D. Thesis Defense, room 307 Vaughan Hall, SIO. Everett Sinnett, 
"Pulmonary Circulation of the Harbor Seal, Phoca Vitulina, including a Comparison of its 
Responsiveness to Hypoxia with that of a Dog." 

4 p.m. - Seminar, room 2100 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Alan Goldstein, Univ. of Texas, 
"Thymosin: Basic Properties and Immunotherapeutic Potential. " 

4 p.m. - Psychology Colloquium, room 1110 P&L Bldg., Muir. Wayne Wickelgren, 
"Memory Retrieval Dynamics." 

4 p.m. - Pbarmacology Seminar, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Alfred G. Gilman, 
Univ. of Virginia , "Adenylate Cyclase and the B-Receptor." 

4-5 p.m. - Karate. North balcony. 
6 p.m. - Mishaab stndy group - minyan. Conference Room A, Student Center. Free. 
6 pm-12 midnight - Meeting of the Triton Wargaming Society. USB 3050A, 3030A, 4030B. 
7 p.m . - Stuart Grant , O.D. will give a film and lecture presentation on Orthokeratology 

and the Practice of Optometry in the North Conference Room at the Student Center. The 
Program, which is sponsored by the Optometry Club, is free and aU are invited to attend. 
Orthokeratology is a technique that corrects defective vision by slowing changing the shape 
of the cornea with contact lenses. North Conference Room, Student Center, Free. 

7 p.m. - Late Vlclorian Antiques and Collecting, room 1438 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Robert 
Bartlett, UCLA, will present this extension class. Course fee : $39. For further information 
call 452-3400. 

7-10 p.m. - " Late VIctorian Antiques aDd Collecting," beginning a four-part course for 
collectors, potential collectors, students, antique dealers, and others interested in art 
history and history of the decorative arts. Offered by UC San Diego Extension. Students 
encouraged to bring objects for discussion. Room 1438, Humanities library Bldg., Revelle 
Campus, UCSD. Fee : $39. 

7:30 p.m. - Men's voUeybaU, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs Cal State Univ., Northridge. 
Free. . 

8 p.m. -"Don Quixote." See8p.m. Thursday for details. 
8 p.m. - The Taking of Mils Janie presented by UCSD Theatre. This startiing and 

provocative drama by contemporary Black playwright Ed Bullins is directed by Luther 
James. Performances in UCSD Theatre. UCSD Theatre (203 MC) . General admission $3.50. 
StUdent admission $2.00. . 

8-11 p:m. -Interna,ional Folk Ducing: Teaching from ~9 : 15. APM 2402. 25c students, SOc 
non-students. 

9 p .m. - Last night to see Uoyd Thacker. Casual concert at Muir Five and Dime. Call 452· 
4675 for information. Muir 5& Dime, free. 

9 p.m. - DIsco Dancin,at Ub.ity. Free popcorn and door prizes -dancing. Revelle South 
Dining Hall. 5Oc. 

9 p.m.-I a.m. - Sadie Hawkins Dance sponsored by Fourth College Residence Halls. 
Disco-music. The Headkeeper, 711 MC. Free. 

Leave for 2 days field trip to Mica Gem Mine and Dos CabezOll. All those wishing 
to com UST attend meeting Thursday nite. Location will be announced Thursday. 

9 a. . Late Victorian AaUques and CoUecting. See Fri. 7 p.m. for details. 
9 a . _ "Look Better, Feel Better: Aeslbetic Plastic Surgery," room 1105 BSB; Med. 

School. he facts and benefits presented by Dr. Dan S. Smith in this extension class. Course 
fee: $1 

9 a m .m. - "Look Better, Feel Better: Aesthetic Plastic Surgery," a one~y workshop 
offer UC San Diego Extension. Facts and benefits presented by members of the San 
Diego mational Plastic Surgery Association, a section of the San Diego County Medical 
Socie~ m 11~, Basic Science Building, School of Medicine, Matthews Campus, UCSD. 
Fee : Bring bag lunch. 

9 a.m p.m . - "La&e Victerlaa Antiques alld CoIlectiDl," beginning a four-part course for 
coUec potential collectors, students, antique dealers, and others interested in art 
histo '~d history of the decorative arll. Offered by UC San Diego Extension . Students 

ged to brln~ objecta for discussion. Room 1438, Hwnanities Library Bldg ., Revelle 

campus, UCSD. Fee : $39. 
10 a .m . - Shabbat minyan. Conference Room A, Student Center. 
10 a .m. - The Recombinant DNA Controversy: A Public Forum, Mandeville Center 

Auditorium . Robert Sinsheirmer from calTech and Donald Helinski from UCSD will discuss 
the potential risks and benefits of this new field of genetic research. Sponsored by Alumni 
and Friends, University Extension and Third College . Admission is free and open ttl the 
public. Tickets may be reserved in advance by contacting the Alumni .office (212 Mat-
thews) . 

10:30 a.m. - Campus Tours, Central University library. Student guides will lead this I Ih 
hour tour. Free. 

11 a .m . - Dye Arts Workshop, Craft Center, Revelle . Instruction in tie-dye and batik dye 
crafts. UCSD students : $5; general admission: $7.50. For further information call, 452-2021. 

11 :30 a.m. - Women's Rubgy , Muir Field. UC San Diegovs. Eleanors. Free. 
1 p.m. - Men's Rubgy, Muir Field. UCSan Diegovs. Crown City. Free. 
2 p.m. - " Don Quixote." See Thurs. 8 p.m. for details. All students : $1 ; general 

Admission : $2. 
5:30 p.m. - Catholic Mass. University Community Church, La Jolla Shores and Torrey 

Pines. 
8 p.m . - " Don Quixote." See Thurs . 8 p.m . for details. 
8 pm. - Casino Night '77. Free Gambling in California's largest Casino- and FABULOUS 

prizes for those who master the gaming tables of Blackjack, Craps, Roulette , KENO, and 
Poker! Also featuring "Dance of the Universe" Orchestra in our upstairs casino Lounge. 
Main Gym (til 12:30 am) 

8 p.m . - The Taking of Miss Janie presented by UCSD Theatre. This startling and 
provocative drama by contemporary Black playwright Ed Bullins is d irected by Luther 
James. PerfonTlflnces in UCSD Theatre. UCSD Theatre (203 MC). General admission $3.50. 
Student.admission $2.00. 

8 pm-12 :30 a .m . - Casino Night '77. live gambling, live entertainment. UCSD Gym. Free. 
8:30a.m . -

8:30 a.m. - Catholic Mass. University Community Church, corner of La Jolla Shores 
Drive and Torrey Pines. -

10 a.m . - " Rejoice" folk mass at Lutheran worship service (Pastor Huber ). University-
Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

10 a.m. - Karate Tournament. Main Gym - Free. 
10 a .ll). - Bicycle. Bike Sh,op. 
10-12 p.m . - Drill Team. West balcony. 
11-12 :30p.m. - Aikido. Wrestling room. 
11: 15 a.m. - " Feedback" discussion on " Catholics and Abortion," led by Father Bernie 

Campbell. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
1-2:30 p.m. - Judo. Wrestling Room. 
5 p .m~-Catholic Mass. University Community Church, La Jolla Shores Drive and Torrey 

Pines. 
6-9 p.m. - OASIS Bio-Chem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities library (basement). 
7 pm -Fourth College Symposium: "Eat Your Heart Out." Diane Evans of Counseling 

and Psych. Services will speak. Fourth Rec Center, 711 MC. Free. 
7-9 pm - Eat Your Heart Out. Diane Evans, Counseling and Psych Services will discuss 

the behavior of eating, better habits, controlling stress. 4th College Rec Center. 
7-10 pm - Audition Nile· Talent show case, the first of a series of auditions - show casing, 

local musicians and other performers. Building "C", Student Center. 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge Games. Free - open to everyone . North Dining Hall , Revelle 

Cafeteria. 
8 pm - The Taking of Miss Jane presented by UCSD Theatre. This startling and 

provocative drama by contemporary Black playwright Ed Bullins is directed by Luther 
James. Performances in UCSD Theatre. UCSD Theatre (203 MC). General admission $3.50. 
Student admission $2.00. 

What's 
Up? 

-

Dr. Littleman 
THANKS, FOR THE QUESTIONS 

Dear Doc: Why is It that the girls 
at UCSD [or anywhere else for that 
matter,] go after males ofthe older 
persuasion? U chJcks live longer 
thu guys, shouldn't they go for the 
newer mode .. ? - a F'nIstrated 
Freshman 

Dear Frustrated: I don't think 
age alone Is the necessary 
determining factor . Although 
women generally live longer than 
men, they also mature at a much 
earlier age. Therefore, for a 
woman to find a man at the same 
maturity level as she, she 
frequently will find him among the 

"older persuasion." Besides, a 
man doesn't really hit his prime 
until he is 22. If you don't get 
discouraged, and clean up your 
chauvinism, you'll stand a better 
changp. with women as time goes . 
by . 

Dear Doc: Is it true that Triton 
Times Executive Editor Dave 
Ei en sleep in the nude with his 
Teddy Bear which he named 
Darleen? If so, what are the 
psychological ramifications of 
such an action in terms of the 
ed itorial content of the Trilon 
Time? 

This is a vicious rlUDor that has 
been started by our production 
department. His Teddy Bear's 
name is Cindy, although Eisen has 
little , if any , impact upon the 
Triton Times editorial policy, the 
Teddy Bear absolutely dictates 
what we say. Isn't it obvious?' 

Dear Doc: Is it true that UCSD 
students who drive to school and 
back won't pick up other UC D 
tudenl who are bitch-biking 

because 
a ] They' re afraid tho e who are 

hitch-hiking will get 10 their 
destination fir t, thus enabling 
them to have more study time? 

b) Of their conservative up-
bringing? 

c) General batred of other UCSO 
students? 

d ) Not being able to locate the 
person who might rape them OB 
one of the campuse ? 

e l The general selfl h , 
egoti tical nature of modern 
wesk-", ",,,,," 

Ye . 
Dear Doc : Murphy wa ~Q op-

tlmi t. 

Goodhye Becky. Dr. Uttleman 



Program Board Presents 
premiere of 

,j' 
\. 

I 

Three laps down . 37 to go: Albert WIlliams en route to a lecond place fin ish 

A film 
February 3-5 800 pm 
February 5, 2 00 pm 
M;)ndeville Auditorium 
Evenings 

Students $1 50 
Generat Admission $2 50 

Matinee 
Students S I 00 
General Adm iSSion' S200 

III the men 's 1000 meIer freestyle ellent Friday . TT ...... : 11111 ..... 

For Information call452-4559------~-.. 

Alphabellcal List 
LlSI or AuthOrs I Tlllas 

ALAZRAKI, J., 
JORGE lUIS BORGES, TAURUS 
ANTIN, D., 
TALKING AT THE BOUNDARIES, 
LlPPINCOTI 
BRAUDE. A.I., 
ANTIMICROBIAL DRUG THERAPY, 
SAUNDERS 
ROSS: J.. 
MECHANISMS OF CONTRACTION OF 
THE NORMAL AND FAILlNG.HEART, 
LlTILE BROWN 
CHO DOROW, W, 
EUROPE I" THE MIDDLE AGES, 

HARCOl I~'r BRACE 
DAVIDS:JN, M., • 
THE M~,TlBILlTIES, 
SANDOI.LAR 
DOUGU,S, l , 
INVESTlGATIVE SOCIAL RESEARCH, 
SAGE 

FERGU~ ;O ,J. 
HABITS, NOT DIETS, BULL 
FOX, D,L. , 
ANIMAL BIOCHROMES AND 
STRUCTURAL COLOURS, UNIV. OF 
CALIFORNIA 
HELSTROM C,W., 
QUANTUM DETECTION AND 
ESTIMATION THEORY, ACADEMIC 

COngralulatlons 
ueu AUTHORS 
' 1977:"~ 

HUGHES, H.S., 
CONTEMPORARY EUROPE, PRENTICE 
HALL 
MANDELL, A., 
THE NIGHTMARE SEASON, RANDOM 
MCELROY. W.D., 
MODERN CELL BIOLOGY, PRENTICE 
HALL 
NYHAN, W,L. , 
THE HEREDITY FACTOR, GROSSET 
AND DUNLAP 
NYHAN, W.L. , 
GENETIC . AND MALFORMATION 
SYNDROMES, YEARBOOK 

UNIVERSITY ""BE'>E)KSTE'>RI!: 
u..'''~''h ot e,M. n .• s- 0,. 

l ' .... u. t l il l ' 2tn 
"'_ IfI' l . n lUO • 

,pu ..... 

D<>.r U SD author, 

Congra tulations on your 
r~ent publkatlon l CUHE"ntly 
on dl~play In 'he UniverSity 

RookHor~ ar~ 197&-77 
publtcat,on, by UCSD dutho" 

If you haw:. a rt-c~nt 
pubh c. at1 o n In print or 
'chrouled for publ,cat,on 
du"nij the catendar v.ar 1977 
please contact the Ceneral 
Book Dl"ptlrtment. f xlenSlon -
3844 

Thank you 

Prit!-
UC D BookSlOle 

ORR, D" 
PROPERTY, 
GOVERNMENT 

MARKET AND 

. GOODYEAR 
INTERVENTION, 

PENNER, S,S. , 
ENERGY, VOLUME 
WESLEY 
SCHILLER, H.I. , 

3, ADDISON-

COMMUNICATION AND CULTURAL 
DOMINATION, INTERNATIONAL ARTS 
AND SCIENCES 
SCHNEIDER, I., 
VIDEO ART, 
HARCOURT BRACE 
SCHOLANDER, PJ, & HAMMEL, H,P, 
OSMOSIS AND TENSILE SOLVENT, 
St,RI NGERVERLAG 

SCHWARTZ, T: 
SOCIALIZATION AS CULTURAl 
COMMUNICATION, 
UNIV. OF CALIFORNIA 
GOSNIK, B, 
DIAGNOSTIC ULTRASOUND, 
SAUNDERS 
STAVRIANOS. 
THE PROMISE OF THE COMING DARK 
AGE, FREEMAN 
TUZIN, D., 
THE ILAHITA ARAPESH, UNIVERSITY 
OF CALIFORNIA 

MeMly, J • ..., 11, 1m 

Swim Team 
Splashes 
To Victory 

by Jeff Nomura 
StaHWriter 

The UCSD swim team turned 
back a visiting squad from 
Ambassador 'College last Thursday 
afternoon with a convincing 7fr37 
victory. 

A high degree of depth and 
quality was displayed as the 
Tritons swept the 50 yard freestyle 
and 200 yard backstroke and won 
all the relays. 

A strong performance was 
turned in by Mark Allen, who 
placed in the 200 yard backstroke 
and won the 200 yard individual 
medley with 8 2:08.1, close to a 
national qualifying time. 

Guy BuCcaMan displayed his 
fine ability in the free style, win-
ning the events at both 50 and 100 
yards. 

Anchoring the 400 yard rel1ly 
team, Dave Tamura sparked his 
teammates with a 52 second effort. 

Bob Owsley cracked the one-
minute barrier in the 100 yard 
butterfly, as he placed in a fine 59,5 
clocking, 

I;We really had a good time," 
commented coach Gary Becker, 
"and overall our times have 
dropped." 

Over the weekend, the visiting 
Tritons travelled to Nevada to 
compete with the University of Las 
Vegas. 

UCSD women's basketball team 
gained another lIiclory Friday 
against Whittier , 41 ·32, In the 
main gym . 

TT PhOIO: SI.,tey Honda 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

MCAT ~fV:':'=': OAT ....... --
I ., AY Small CI_ 
LOlli Voluminou, home 
IRE lIudy mlt .. I .. . Cour_lh ... e ATGSB CDn.ently updlted 

OCAY Tape facilitl .. for ~ I reviews of cl_ 
'-n. and fo, u_ CPlY of .. pplementery II mit ...... , 

FLEX Meke-upa for ECFMI m;,.d ,"",", 
NAT'l MED BDS 

SAT-VAT 
SAN DIEGO CENTER 

B,ancMI in inajo. us cltl. 
and Swlll .. lend 

.I 

[ TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads I Niederfranks lee Cream Parlour 
Natural Ice Cream, Sandwiches, 

Hand-made Candles, [no Preservatives) 
Frozen Gourmet 'Quiches Classified Rales 

Student ads - 25 cents 
Pe,sonats - 50 cents 
Lost and Found - Iree 
Non-student ads - Sl 
Deadline at 1 pm. two 
days prior to publication, 
Ad s may be submilled 
belween 8-10 and 12-2 00 
MWF. 8-11 and 1-3 on TTh. 

fOR SALE 
Typewrite<, Underwood electric , 15 Inch , 
olflce desk model , elite type. Call Greg 453-
1868 (214J 

London Unlverslly: I !)ave been accepted at 
UCL & want to hear Irom .tumnl. etc. Ruth 
Wiener 274·9695 

Meet your provost Wed . Feb. 2 at 3:00 p,m. 
For all MuIr students tree cider and cookies 
Muir provost off . (212) 
My window Is broken t don't know what to do 
the air Is cold Oh Lole I need you - S.C. The 
lap Kid. 

BtO 77 Bodega Bay Merlne Blo; Spring; 15 
Unit: ECHtNODERMS; res 'ch; cont. Judy, 
2130 BH , ><2007 Immed , lor appllc ptus tn-
tervlew t2le) 
Mr. Lundgrew , Brtan, Ken, etc, Let's nol 
count our 10bSte<s belore Ihey're caught1 

B d t - D.D.D and etc. Ski boOts-Lange Phantoms. ran new 
Used once. Worth 5160, wtll sell for S90, CaI1 IT'S tNCOME T"X TIMEI Forms are avallabte 
755-4259 all . 6. (219) In Ihe Argo Hal1 Post office. 
Scuba gear-everything but tank, regutator, 
gauges, Worth 5350. WII1 sell tor 5200-. Call 
755-4259811 . 6 (2f9) 
Honda CB350 excellent condltton new 
ballerles and lune up. S450 or best offer 
Steve 755-7269 (2/4) 
Skis 1 B8mm head Hrp's Marker Mk IV bin-
dings. poles and telrappeur boots 10" 
Excellent condo 100.00755-&17 (1 /31) 

Honda C8400 '76 Supr cond, x tras: 114 
Fairing digital ctk; helmet , I,unk, many more 
51400 Jon 28&-4223 (2/4) 
1969 Toyota Corona Mk . 11 . S9OO, auto, very 
good condition. Call 7.55-8077. aller 6 p.m. 
(214, 
Troller hllch lor VW Van 35.00; skis head 
HRP's 188 mm boots and poles al1 tOI 
S100 . 00 

Came<. and lenses: Mamiya DTL 1000 $125 . 
28M M $70. 85-205 $tOO. 400mm $120. All 
with cases. Gary 453-8242 

Eplphone acoustic gullar with case. Brand 
new sao. Gary 453-8242 (2/ 4) 

WI crankshal1 newly rebtl. lor t500-1600 ce, 
complete with bearings and gasget set $45. 
273-4285 

"For sale : 1965 Alfa Romeo sedan . 5 speed 
best offer 296-3559 
Someone who'd rather not be prolected . 
Bargain prlcel Must show proof 01 royalty tor 
purchase. 

t972 Pinto Runaboul reg gae-good mileage 
53,000 miles - engine in good shape - tuned 
up - 51700 - make offer. Call after 7 p.m. 746-
6606 or 745-0613 

Curtains: Fits all mudhut rooms. Pastet 
muttlcolor str iped . Draperies only 520 Call 
45'i-9592. 

Haayl Double yellow headed Amazon parrot 
wlbesutllul markings, hand tame, large VOC. 
lOng lIIe l Jon 452-t857 

Honda '75 CL360 onty 1500 miles 7 ma , old 
econ, with bell hetmet call TOdd 455-9008 
(217) 
U.S. GOVT. SURPLUS DIRECTORY How and 
where to buy thousands 01 art ic les at a 
traction 01 orlginat COSI Indludlng : l.(eps , 
motorcycles, scooters, air craft , boats, 
muslcat Instrumenls , calculators. 
typewriters. clothIng, etc. Send 51 ,50 tOy 
Markscotor LabS, Box 570, Gten Cove. N 
11 542. 

Water bed , king size w/mattress, loam pad, 
4-plece wood I,ame. 535. Jan , 454-1053. 

Hang gilder, 19-11. Free-Flight , 3 color sail 
w/bag & harness. good condition. $235 must 
sell . ~1053 

PERSONAls 

The resu11s 01 the First Annual Fourth 
College Most Watchable Women are In and 
here are the WIMe<S. 1. Lori Coleman 2. 
Gayle Braun 3 . LillIan Murphy 4. Mindy 
Parker 5, Chris Chapman 6. Michele Thomas 
7. Jodie Salaman. 8, Cindy Simmons 9. Beth 
Cultem 10. Liz Wilcox HOilorable Mention to 
the Invlsibte Lady, 

TWinkle - t had the best time last weel<end . 
Drop by to say HI love, li lt Ie Lizzy . 

Holt Rockman. Acto" seeks goOd looking 
Orl e~ tat , under 4 It. lor satisfying 
relationship 481-8592 

Carol , the music you make lor me is great. 
but your system's no belter than mine. Can 
we make some m",e? Scuutes. 

To J&L Marltn: Happy 20thl Redeem this ad 
lor your birthday present , OK? Lu, ya both , 
S 

E. I missed you H. 

WANtEd 
Position now open oil Revelle comml1tee on 
College Aflalrs. Inlo and appllcaltons 
available In RevelieComm Center (2/2) 

Applications are now being accepted for Muir 
orientation aids apply Ihrough student 
emptoyment (2/2) 
Need extra cash? Paytng Top Dollar lor U,S. 
sllve< coins betore 1965, and pennies belore 
1959. Ken 755-7371 (3 /21 
Need a premie<e etap as soon as posslbte call 
Gerj 453-2763 teave message 

Have you had an ABORTtON? 11 you're wl11lng 
to discuss your experience In a laped I~. 
lelVlew call Cindy, or Mark at 741~ It ~ 
lor a documentary. 

For sate: Custom poot cue, Abalone Intay 
with case . $15. Contact John 454-1296 teave 
message. 
Ubiquity needs hetp t Barkeeps, money takers 
and bouncers . tntervlew. lor D.J . Too. 
Revelle re • . deans office Da,ld. 

Wanted chain to lock upa Lord protectorthat 
was rec"en1ty' acquired by the KnIght ot the 
realm . 
Losl: tntrOductln 10 Integ,ated Circuits, 
Tues . In APM. $5.00 Reward 435-4938 
collec!. 
.. .. Ice 

Math grad w11ltutor call Dan 753-8952 

Womancare: self-help clinic ; abortion; Pre-
natal; annual exams. 1050 Gamet . P.B. 48S-
7591 

Applications now open for UCSD /4or rch . 
Must be ellSllble. Call 463-7711. 

LO~I: Sliver Butova watch bet. Bonner & bus 
stop by church Urey tot? Please return cal/. 
453-1615 

SERViCES 
MEDICAL SCHOOL having placement 
problems lor mad school? We can help you 
lind a place now tn Italy. For Inf"'matlon call 
(213) 331 -2490 or write : MEDtCAL 
STUDENTS ABROAD 5120 Nearglen Ave . 
Covina, Calit 91724 (3t 21 ) 
Income tax preparation, Former IRS agent 
wi11 correcl1y prepare your return . Very 
reasonable rate • . Ca11 272~7 day or night. 
(1/31) 
C"MPBELL-BALLOU typist. Clalremonl Sher 
279-1418 (3121 ) 
Typing - ' Marltyn woutd /ike to lul1il1 your 
typing needs -- expert, reasonable, has an 
tBM . New .270-6728 (214) 
Asa Special ' Unisex hairstyling 112 price, 
Haircut , shampoo. btow dry. $8.00. Call 459-
8229 lor appts . The Hair Stytlst, 7563 Girard 
(3/21 ) 
l ost unwanted pounds & Inches. Healthy & 
easy way 10 tose weight & keep It 011. call 
Lynn 481-8290 (3121 ) 

2 Fem housematas needed . Own rooms in 4 
BR house, IIreptace , yard near bch. twy. 
S105/mo. 753-7057 Guy (2/ 4) 
For rent : Own bedroom in spactous, lur-
nlshed, 2 bedroom apartment dilectly above 
ocean heated poot. quiet. mel10w at-
mosphere . Student preferled but flexible 
$100. plus share ot utilities. 436-9650 (214) 
3 bedroom 2 bath house in Del Mar Terrace. 
$475 month. Walk to beach , 155·3060 eves. 

Roommaie wanted: House dlrec1ty on beach 
In Mission Beach. Only $130 . Hurry and call 
Dave ~-8227 . 

For Rent 5250 ' new 1 bdrm condo In 
Universily City wlmany was adults only n~ 
pets 453-76t7 afte< 5 p.m. (2/4) 

Need housemale (m or I) tor unlum 3 br brick 
hs. In PB wi 3 others. 575/mo l or own rm. 
276-2414 after 5 (2/2) 

. TRAVEl 
SUPER TRAVEL BARGAINS Specialists In 
the best deat lor you ... Call TMT x452-1981 
(3121) 
EUROPE ISRAEL AFRtCA .. Student charte< 
flights year round tSCA 1609 Westwood Blvd . 
.t03, L.A. calif . 90024 (213)826-5669 , 826-
0955 (312t) 
EUROPE. HAWAII end "SIA charter ftights, 
Book on campusl CIEE Studenl Travel 
Services Open M-F 1-5 pm. Call 452-0630 
(6/12) 

lOST ANd fouNd 
Lost: Gold chain bracelet - In HL or Revelle 
Campus sentimentat value Mercedes 729-
4338 
Lost: tntroductlon to integrated circuits by 
Grinlch & Jackson Tues. APM . Bldg . reward 
453-8253 (Chet) 435-4938 (Kevin) 
Lose a calculator? Call 453-9 189 

Lost: Calcutu. book Ily Bers IQ HSS 1330 
afler Fttzgerald's class Tues. Please can 
Heten 453-0383 

128 So. Acacia, Solana Beach 
(Across/rom Solana Theatre) 

Open 7 days and nights) 

Eligible: 
Any UCS D student . 

Wanted: 
Cover illustration for a 
Computer Center handbook, 
May be either a photo~raph' 
in color or B&W, a senes of 
photographs, or artwork of 
any kind. 

Theme: 
Works submitted should 
reflect something about the 
Computer Center, computers 
in general, etc. However, 
truly inspirational intries my 
waive this requirement. 

Size: 
The cover will be 5" by 8", 
but entries of all sizes will be 
considered. If appropriate, 
more than one entry may be 
used, and therefore more 
than one person may share 
!he prize , 

Deadline: 
All entries dt,le by February 
II, 1977 at 5:00 pm. Turn 
entries in at 1260 APM or 
1157 APM, 

Contact: 

Rick Stevens, Student Intern, 
t260 APM. 

Phone: 452-4050 or 452-
9868. 

Alta-Dena, 

FROZEN YOGURT 
sweetened with honey - no sugar 

flavored real fruit juices - no preservatives 
flavors .... i11 alternate between peach. strawberry, and Taspberry 

served on I natural cone made from wheat flour. vegetable 
oil, and honey no sugar or preservatives 

YOGURT 
SHA KES.. 

8~¢ 

. YOGURT 
~UNDAES 

,f 
, .... " ~ .. 4o ... 

:.I~'''''' l.~ 
, , 

( I 
\ , . ' . \ . 

, Walch lor Wed. 
I Stud,en! Sft.,. Coupon I 

1470 Gamet Ave. 
store hours : 

IO;30a.m,- 10:00p.m. 

YOGURT 
PINTS 90¢ 

YOGURT 
CONES 

4~C 

. e,.iM Ar"Ica Bela 
Posllton now open on Ihe Revelte Commili. 
on Coflege Aff .... For Info and applications 
go to Revelte Comm. Cenler (2f 2) 

CIALWORKER 
ISRAEL OFFERS 

NEW PROGRAMS 
IN SOCIAL WORK 

If you have a Hebrew 
background and would 
consider entering the Social 

\Work profession as a per-
manent resident of Israel. we 
have a program for you. 

ell <Valentine 9antaj,!:/ 
MSW DEGREE PROGRAM 
Orientation, intensive 
Hebrew study; significan't, 
mearingful employment. 
RETRAINING PROGRAM 
Retraining at Bar Ilan 
University for any college 
graduate who wishes to enter 
the field . 

Contact us immediately for 
preliminary interviews_ 

ISRAEL 
ALlYAH CENTER 

6505 Wilshire Blvd. 
'807 Los Angeles, 

ca. 90048 
[213 655-7881. 

a. ~E.mi-fO'Lmaf dinnE.'L dancE. 

12 
6:30 - eNo dlo~ Cocklai& 

9- 1 - ~ncin9 

2(ona 3(ai Club 
&.e.ftE.'l. [J~la.nd 



"I don't have to 
battle freeways 
and traffic ... 

I don't have to park in the city. 
I t's less expensive than airlines and 
lnore convenient. So I ride the train all 
the time, ~vhenever I can." " 
Carolyn Forche. San Diego 

Try the train 
to Los Angeles. 

SOUTHBOUND 
Los San Juan San 
. ~ngeles Fullerton Santa Ana Capistrano Clemente OceanSide Del Mar San Otego 

8.30am 90Sam 921am 949am 1009aln 10 29am 1105am 
10'30am 110Sam 11218m 1149am 1209pm ~29pm 105pm 

10pm 445pm 501pm 521pm 54 pm 609pm 645pm 
8;2Opm 855pm 9 11pm 931pm 959pm 10 19pm 10 55pm 

NOR' Ht1UUNu - - -
San San Juan Los 

3 Diego Del Mar Oceanside Clemente Capistrano Santa Ana Fullerton Angeles 
r7 OOam 730am 7 Slam 820.m 842am 900am 935am 
100pm 130pm 1 Slpm 212pm 242pm 300pm 335pm 
430pm S OOpm 521pm 542pm G 12pm 630pm 70Spm 
820pm 850pm 911pm 9 40pm 1002pm 1020pm 10 55pm 

ThiS service IS financed In part by the California Department of Transportation . 
No reservations reqUired For more information call 624·0171 In Los Angeles or 
800·648-3850 outSide Los Angeles. 

Contact CIEE StUd nt Travel Services 452- JO 

Dartrnouth- . 
[Coatlllued froIIlPllle 1) 

"The drinking age there is 1'. and the beer lEep flow freely." stated 
Hartmann. Each lnterviewed Dar1lJlouth student agreed there is a 
greater amooot of drinking at tbeir school. Cocktail parties often occw- at 
Dartmouth, and local student t)Ubs are popular. However, the students 
agree marijuana is much mort prevalent at UCSD. According to John 
Marshall, sophomore, "Pot is smoked behind closed doors at Dart-
mouth." 

The exchange students felt Dartmouth is more "intense" and 
scJ'lolastically competitive. The school runs on a year-round four quarter 
system, and the normal load is three 5-unit courses. "The instructors at 
Dartmouth are generally closer to the students," expressed JoaMa 
Aldrich, Linda BaMon, and Nancy Jackson, Dartmouth seniors. "The 
sections, as well as the lectures, are taught by the professors." 

Also, they said, since Dartmouth has half the student enrollment as at 
UCSD, the classes tend to be 1I1l81ler, and it is-easier to receive more 
individualized attention. Many of the Dartmouth students have found the 
UCSD bureaucracy to be very difficult to cope with at times. "The 
communication between departments is often lacklng," stated Hart-
mrum. . 

8eUer Weather Here 
The weather at UCSD is seen as a great advantage by all 'the Dart-

mouth exchange ·students. Temperatures in the wlnter often fall to 40 
degrees F. Vorys found there is much greater mobility of students· at 
UCSD where the weather is warmer. 
'sannon stated, '-'Californians seem to be In not as much of a hurry as 

JOBS ON SHIPSI American . 
Foreign. No experience 
required . . Excellent pay . 
Worldwide travel. Summer job 
or career. Send $3.00 for In-
formation. SEAFAX, Dept. 8-6 
Box 2049, Port Angeles, 
Wash ington 98362. 

f-"-"-'--'-"-';~"-'-'- ~ 
'COMMUNITY! 
iSLOODBANK( 
L 983 India " 

people at Dartmouth because they 
do not have to roo hurriedly from 
.place to place in sub-zero tem-
peratures." 

The interviewed Dartmouth 
exchange students have generally 
found UCSD to be a great ex-
perience so far. Bannon, Jackson, 
and Aldrich have fOood the courses 
at ucsb to be .to their liking and 
the students very friendly. 

Yet the strong sense of Dart-
mouth prive prevails within each 
Dartmouth student. Bannon ex-
pressed the sentiment that "when 
you are a student at Dartmouth, 
you are a student for life." 

Arms Race ... 
[Continued from page 1] 

30 kilograms of plutonium per 
year t and it only takes 10 
kilograms to produce a bomb " 
said Feld. He added that by 1980 
the developing world alone will 
have nuclear power plants that can 
produce 50 bombs per year. ( 327 F Street , 
~ PAYS DONORS' AMrtIM Alten_h, •• l for Service !. San DIeto,Pro-Uh ...... 
l Mon. - Fri. t S83·L1FE 
• 233-5481 • 1 234-4601 . ( Free couuelbl" study,..... 
........ ~ ....... ~ .. ~ ............................ ~ •• "., L-___ aad_..:I ... :.-_u_n_.;..-__ -.J 

Learn About 
Osteopathic Medicine 

Thursday February Jrd, 7:00-9:00 p.m. 
Informal Lounge, Revelle, near Book Co-op. 

Dr. Fred Exner, D.O. 
Speaker and Demonstration 

external 
affairs ••• 

... Regents run the university . Are there student problems 
and issues which should be brought to the Regents? The 
San D iego campus representative to the Student Body 
Presidents counci l (SBPC) can testify at Regent meetings 
on your behalf . 

*information and political resourses are available . 
Contact campus coordinator, Andy Schneider 462-
4450 . 

Are you concerned about'getting a student loen and the 
high cOS't of attending UC San Diego . The UC Lobby 
works for student legislative action in Sacramento. 

*Informatlon and political r •• ource. are avenable. 
Contact cempu. coordinator, Andy Schneider 4&2· 
4450. 

. 


