
"Renaissance Revisited" at Revelle 

Convocation Addresses Problem of "Real College World" 
by RaDAobar 

Assistant Managing Editor 

The noted dignitaries came out in force last weekend 
to celebrate Revelle College's first Convocation. 

Entitled "Renaissance Revisited," the self-
inspection weekend attracted such speakers as Henry 
Rosovsky, Dean of the Faculty at Harvard, David 
Saxon, President of the University of California 
and Edward Levi, former Attorney General of the 
United States. 

A major thrust of the entire program was to examine 
Revelle College's notion of the "Renaissance Man," 
and to see whether such an entity had been fulfilled. 

June Tapp, "installed" officially as Revelle Provost 
during the Convocation, said of the proceedings, "They 
are what we want." 

Tapp is concerned that many people have the wrong 
image of the University and Revelle College in par-
ticular. She said, "We shouldn't be addressing the 
question of the outside world versus college. Instead 
we have to discuss the real versus the artificial, but 
this is the real world." 

The Convocation, held in conjunction with Revelle's 

"An Important Occa Ion" 
Political Science Professor Roger Revelle called the 

Convocation "A very important occasion." He spoke 
on the topic of "education" to a group of students after 
the conclusion of the faculty directed seminars and 
said, " It was a great surprise to me to find out that 
most people don't care about learning. Revelle tries to 
bring out the latent love of learning. People like to 
learn. That's the greatest thing in life." 

Revelle concluded his remarks by saying, "Only in 
research are students and faculty at the same point, 
because neither knows the answer. This means the 
criticism of research is false." 

Many parents said that they found the six faculty led 
seminars to be the most informative feature of the 
Convocation. In the seminar directed by Dr. Stanley 
Chodorow the discussion centered around the 
suggestion that undergraduates are not motivated to 
learn. Most of the 60 people who attended the session 
remained throughout the one and a half hour seminar, 
commenting that the subject matter was indeed " food 
for thought." 

Parents' weekend, was praised by many in attendance. 
Chancellor McElroy said, " It all went beautifully. This 
Convocation has done a lot for Revelle College 
specifically by reaffirming its dedication to giving 
students a balanced education." 

TT photo: Bill Brooks 
Edward Leui. US Attorney General under Gerald Ford. spoke at the 
Reuelle College conuocation Saturday . on the topic of "The Direction of 
General Education ." 

And the success of Revelle? Henry Rosovsky, 
straight from Harvard, gave an address , 
"Undergraduate Education : Reply to Critics and 
Attempts at Reform," in which he was asked to give 
"helpful"suggestions from Harvard to Revelle. He 
commented that "After looking around Revelle 
college, I think it's Harvard that needs the help." 

ity Desk--
A Weel-\Iy Survey of 

State and Local News 
UCLA TAs Walk Out, Protest Cuts 

Teaching Assistants at UCLA's College of Letters and Sciences walked 
off their jobs Thursday and Friday, causing a cancellation of some 
classes. 

Between 25 and 50 percent of the college's TAs walked out, in protest 
of a plan to hire 723 TAs next year, which is 25 less than the 748 working 
this year. 

The action is similar to that taken by graduate students at UCSD in 
1975 when, under the auspices of the Graduate Student Union, they 
staged a series of two and three day-walkouts. 

Paramedic Measure on Fall Ballot? 
While refusing to endorse a proposed ballot measure concerning 

paramedic service in San Diego, a City Council committee has agreed 
to forward the question to the full council when it considers measures 
to be placed on the November ballot. 

Members of the public services and safety committee said they feel 
the wording of the proposition, authored by the San Diego Citizens for 
Paramedics, is " too inflexible" to work within the coWlcil's budget 
process. 

Even though voters rejected a paramedics proposal in 1975 by a two-
to-one margin, the Citizens for Paramedics group believes the issue 
can win "if it is worded right." 

"Work Together to Stop Crime" 
Citizens must work together in 

their neighborhoods to overcome 
the isolation of modem urban life 
and insure their own personal 
safety, Gov. Brown said last 
week. 

"The bottom line of this society 
is that people who live in the 
communities must assume more 
responsibility for our collective 
security," Brown said while 
describing his eight-point an-
ticrime program. 

Brown said the cornerstone of 
the program is a proposed 
revision of a program which now 
gives state funds to counties as an 
incentive to send convicted 
criminals to an intensive 
probation program instead of 
prison. 

J 

Elizabethan Faire at Balboa Park 
The greensward at the Old Globe Theatre in Balboa Park wlll be 

transformed into an Elizabethan Country Faire Saturday, wlth free 
games and entertainment for the general public. The Faire is a major 
production of the Old Globe 's Regional Occupation Program theatre 
arts classes. 

Opening ceremonies are set to begin at 10:00 am, with the arrival of 
Queen Elizabeth I and her escort Sir Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester. 
The Queen will preside Wltll the Faire closes at 4:30pm. 

Entertainment will be provided by dancers, jugglers, minstrels and 
puppeteers, as well as by student actors performing Shakespearean 
scenes. 

ti 
...... y,May!,tm 

New UC Entrance Guidelines? 
SAT Requirement Dropped, 12th Grade Reading Added 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

Suspension of the SAT 
requirement and the addition of a 
fourth year of high school English 
highlight the recommendations 
for revised admissions standards 
in the final report of the Task 
Force on Undergraduate 
Admissions released in March. 

The majority opinion, which 
"encourages the students to be 
better prepared for the Univer-
sity," according to Provost Joseph 
Watson of Third College, utilizes 
Achievement Test scores as a 
diagnostic aid for placement 
purposes. The SAT would be 
eliminated as an Wlfair estimation 
of ability, as it is "determined by 
outside education and cultural 
background," Watson said. 

He continued by saying that "no 
one makes use of the SAT," adding 
that there are no school districts 
who have set up goals for their 
students in terms of SAT scores. 
"There is no recognizable way for 
the students to prepare for it ," said 
Watson . " We feel that the 
Achievement Tests are a better 
estimation of what we are in-
terested in at the University." 

Specifically , the majority 
opinion calls for a fourth year of 
high school English, with a full 
year of composition, a minimum 
GPA of 3.0, reading ability of 12th 
grade level or above, pres ntation 
of math and English Achievement 
Test scores, and the elimination of 
the SAT requirement. 

A three-y ar transition period is 
included in the provisions, allowing 
for program changes at the high 
school level. The admission by 
special action and optional 
provision for admittance by test 
only will be retained Wlder the 
plan. 

The report emphasized that "the 
Wliversity should identify the high 
schools whose graduates have 
particular difficulty at the 
Wliversity and should intensely 
coUaborate efforts with these 
schools to improve the basic skills 
of entering students." Of this 

feedback mechanism, Watson said 
"many people don't want the 
University to play that role, either 
because it's too difficult or its too 
political. " He sees it as "an 
irresponsible point of view," ad-
ding that "as a state institution, we 
havethat obligation." 

SAT scores count heavily 
One minority opinion, formed by 

the Board of Admissions and 
Relations with Schools (BOARS) of 
the Academic Senate, relies more 
heavily on the SAT scores. 
According to the report, the plan is 
"a specific proposal incorporating 
high school grades and SAT scores 
into a weighted average which 
would be used to select the most 
able applicants for regular ad-
mission to th~ University." 

Watson reported that " two 
campuses endorse the Task Force 
report--San Diego and Santa Cruz. 
All the rest, except maybe 
Berkeley, endorse the BOARS 
proposal." But as to the in-
corporation of the plans, Watson 
said " I don't think anyone knows 
what will be implemented at this 
point. " 

Labeling it as " ridiculous and 
reactionary," Watson felt that " it 
would be disastrous if the BOARS 
recommendation is implemented." 
He stressed that the BOARS plan 
disregarded the need for com-
mWlication with the high sc"ools, 
saying " none of that was built into 
it. " 

Watson also felt that the SAT-
based admittance was 
discriminatory, as the scores are 
directly related to income and 
cultural background. He added 
that the plan ' would exclude more 
low-income white students than 
minorities," and summed up his 
feelings by saying, "As a Provost 
and an individual, I think it's a 
horrible way to go and I don't think 
it should be implemented." 

In answer to the question of 
minority enrollment levels, 
Watson said, "I don't believe it's 
advisable to increase the 
speculation pool to admit more 
minority students. You can't have 
underprepared students and ex-
pect to have a good yield of 
graduates. " 

Next Year's Triton Times 
Editorial Positions Open 

Applications for 1977-78 
Executive Board positions are 
available beginning today in the 
Triton Times office, in the south-
west corner of Student Center. 

All eight board po itions will be 
available for a one year term. 
Applications for the eight posts, 
plus one non-Board position, Office 
Manager, will be available for two 
weeks. Elec . ons, with voting don 
by curr nt board member , will 
take place May 20. 

W kly pay for th jobs range 
from $15.00 0 $45.00. Tb available 
po iUons includ : 

-Executive Editor, who holds 
ultimate responsibility and 
authority ov r the entire paper. 
Long-term budgeting and plan-

ning. and public relations are part 
of the Executive Editor's duties. 

-Managing Editor, who 
manages the day to day operations 
and tie together the editorial 
d paltment. The Managing Editor 
holds complet responsibility in 
the a b ence of the Executive 
Edit r . 

i tant Managing Editor, 
~"rC:t c: .c p .. -.ion ce-

tion, helps in the n wspaper 
production and assists in th new 
d partment. 

-New Editor, who coordinates 
th entir Triton Tim ews 
D partment including the 

igning and editing of tori . 
Other available positions include 

DUnlled on P e 3 



ton times 
UC Saa Oleao 

. UIl'iYlll!d ellitorials rl!prt~ I!llt a majority opinion of the Triton llmes 
EdiiOlial Board . which IS composed of EXlicutive editor D avid Eisen. 

Managing .ditor Mark Stadler . News editor Alan Russell . Associate News 
editor A lec Nedelman. Production manager S hauna Stokes and Assistant 
Managing editor Ran Anbar . A ll signed material and artwork represent 
the author's opinion and do not necessarily reflect the views o f the Triton 
llmes. 

Sloppy, Sloppy, Sloppy 
The operation of the first Associated Students eleeUoas bere slDee 1171 

bas been marked by poor judgement and sloppy bandllill by the tra ... 
sltlon team's Elections Suh-committee. This gnup's behavior bas led to 
an uncertainty that could prove falal to tbe fledgling government. 

The committee's bebavlor bas been sloppy from the campaign' . 
beglnnfng. It allowed only one-and-one-baU weeks to campaign. It 
provided inadequate publicity for the vote. It kept polling open for 
severely abbreviated bours and then faDed to clearly mark tbe pollI. 

Since the voting has ended the committee's operations bave not im· 
proved. There was an unnecessary thre~ay delay between the end of 
balloting and release of the results. The ballots could bave been counted 
by band In a few bours. 

Then there was furtber delay wbDe committee members questioned 
candidates wbo faDed to submit required campaign spending statements. 
Since the statements were due the last day of voUng, tbe committee 
should bave questioned lardy candidates long before last Tuesday. 

The committee's behavior bas been the most mystifyfng since it 
disqualified five candidates for faDure to submit spending reports. Two 
candidates who would bave either won or made the rUDOff for tbelr office 
were disqualified. They brought pressure on tbe committee members to 
reverse their ruling, charging capricious application of the rules. The 
committee acquiesced, and has now suspended its original judgement. 

There is no way for the committee to undo the confusion It bas caused. 
But it can make a real effort to have run-offs that are as fair as possible 
for both voters and candidate • • 

Tbe committee sbould first stick with it. latest judgement, tbat can-
didates will not be disqualified for late financial statemeots. WhIle It did 
make the campaign rules clear to aU candidates, tbe committee faDed to 
clearly deUneate the consequences for rule violatloaa. 

In addition, due to the extreme closeness of the races, !be committee 
should hold three-way nut-Olfs for President and VICe-president, ill tile 
pairwise fasblon [whereby voten are asked to .tate their preference 
between the three candidates, and !ben between iDdJvldnal paIrIDg. ~ tile 
candidates.). 

We Lose a Friend 
The void left by Vlce-cl1anceUor and Dean of student Affairs Geofle 

Murphy, due to his "resignation last Thursday, will be felt by every UCSD 
studt!nt. 

Murphy has not been accused of being a superb financial manager; It 
was disagreements with CbanceUor McElroy over his managing style 
that led to Murphy's resiJt'l8tion. The Student Affairs branch of UCSD, 
tiny and In '1eed of spiritual leadership in the late 1960s, has grown and 
become complex. 

Managing a complex group of departments was not hlsJorte. 
The smooth treatment of students was, however. 
We are convinced that every move made by Murphy was one that be 

believed to be in the best Interests of students. And it usuaUy was. 
His door was always open. A student could often walk In, without an 

appointment, and have a few minutes of tbe Vice-chancellor's time. He 
was genuinely concerned. Such concern is a scare commodity with 
university admlnistrators. 

We a re convinced that without the efforts of Murphy, UCSD would be 
without a viable, nearly Independent student newspaper. Most other 
student services can make similar claims about him. 

He deserves appreciation for 11 yea rs of effort- effort tbat on some 
occasions was so wholebearted that the man was affected pbyslcaUy. 

His departure is UCSD's loss. 
UC$O BELLY DANCE CLUB 
PRESENTS 

dmner$S 
entertai"ment 0 1'1 1 y '2 Bpm 

Friday. 
May 6, 1977 

6pm 

COme i 1\ costume 
byob 

If d..,ll'ecl. 

I l'IIulil h ... .,. 

Faults Found 
In YSA's Anti-
Zionism Letter 

About that arUele 011 ZIo .... m 
that was printed by tile TrIton 
Tunes [AprOn): 

I. Theodore Herzl, a liberal 
Ziooist, was oot the major in-
fluence on the second (1~1914) 
and third (1917-1924) waves rl 
Zionist immigrants to Palestine, 
waves of inunigraots that could 
properly be S3id to have "founded" 
Israeli society. Zionist 
theoreticians like Ber Borocbov, a 
Marxist socialist , Nachman 
Syrkin, a non·Marxist socialist, 
A.D. Gordon, a romantic socialist 
and Joseph ·Trumpeldor, an 
anarchist socialist, were the 
spokespeople for these pioneers. 

They did disown a people of its 
land , but they immigrated 
originally to colonize-to seWe as 
an autonomous Jewish, socialist 
commonwealth-·and not to 
colooialize-to conquer and exploit 
a native people. Zionism was as 
socialist and as nationalist as any 
"socialist revolution for national 
liberation" (Cuba, Viet Nam, 
Angola, China) is today, con-
sidering the communism of the 
kibbutzim, the socialism of the 
moshavim and the workers ' 
syndicalism of the Histadrut. 

Leszek Kolakowski, in " The 
Concept of the Left" says: "Social 
revolutions are a compromise 
between utopia and historical 
reality. The tool of the revolution is 
utopia, and the material is the 
social reality on which one wants to 
impose a new fonn. " !be Zionist 
utopia, of an independent Hebrew 
workers' commonwealth in a 

. binational federation alongside a 
Palestinian Arab conunonwealth, 
was compromised, not by Zionist 
" iInperialisrn" or " racism" or 
" colonialism", but by the social 
reaUUes encountered In Palestine. 

n. If you're a Gentile and you 
want to immigrate to Israel as a 
Jew, you have to convert Orthodox: 
Being a Jew is partly religious, but 
the soc ialist founders of Israel 
were atheist, and they still con-
sidered themselves Jews. For 
them being a J ew meant having 
lived and worked in a community 
of fellow Jews who shared common 
institutions and customs, definitely 
a common history. possibly a 
corrunon language, and hopefully a 
corrunon land. 

This socia l, cultural and 
historical understanding of Jewish 
peoplehood admittedly had a 
strong tribal sense to it, but it was 
not racial in the sense of taking the 
J ews to be a distinct biological 
(e.g. genetic) group different , or 

Contfnued on Page 3 

._y, May Z, 1J77 
Letters to the Editor 
Waste No~ Want Not 
The ball Is In our court now. If Industrial clvillation grinds to a stop 

in 1990 because of an energy lresource crisis it won't be President 
Carter's fault. 

We may be called OIl to make major adjustments In our lives, to move 
away from the most wasteful way of life the world has ever seen. But a 
lot of the problem can be solved in little ways that truly would not affect 
Uving patterns aU that much. 

If everyone who werj to a public restroom dried their bands by 
blotting on one paper towel instead of rubbing with many, it ~ould 
reaUy add up in both trees and ~. 'The same would !Je the case if we 
got into the European habit of bnnging clotb shopping bags to the 
market for our groceries. 

Surely putting a couple of filled jars in the tank takes very UUle time 
or effort, and would save lots of water in the long nul. And would it hurt 
so much to crush old aluminum cans and keep them behind the back 
door until there are enough to cash in? 

Right now the most important thing the average person can do, 
besides examining his own way of life to make it less wasteful, would be 
to write to his or her representative in Sacramento or Washington: . 

The state Legislature is now considering a number of vital bills, U1-
eluding one dealing with the recycling of bottles an~ ~. Just .a 
postcard from ewryone with 8lJ opinion could make a big difference In 
the vote of any assemblyman. . 

But the action is focused particularly in the Congress of the Untted 
States. Senators and Congressmen must be told that they will oot. be 
punished by the voters if they make the difficult choice of pr"ilservmg 
ourfuture. DAVE BKIN 

_11111 111111_ 

'

" cha rs to ~I europe. II A .... -..n. P.rII I land ... W~79 - Stay. to 50 weeks - EWlryone 
• 

eligible 50 days advanced booking required . 

UCSO 'n_'-'C ..... C).01' ~ CIEES,"'''' T_IS. ..... _III ii--'"1·5pM-452430 
Dote 

Tuesday. 
May3 

Tuesday. 
May to 

On-Campus Int~rvi~w ScheduJ~ 
(ChangtS/ additions) 

Em ployer Degrees/Mo jor 
requested 

Bitek Bachelors Degree 
Computer Science 
Engineering 

MIT Lincoln Masters/ Ph. O. 
Laboratory APIS. AMES 

Thursday, May 12 Teledyn&- Ayan Bachelors /Masters 
APIS. AMES, 
Computer Science 
Math. Physics 

For lurther ,"10,,",,11 ... concemlng tllM" employ ... _t"' jobl 1 .. 11111 ... . nd to .Ign up 
foran interview. eont8CI: 

CAREER PLANN ING & PLACEMENT SERVICE 
Building B-Stud~nt C~nl~r Compl~x 

WE'RE HERE TO HELP 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

Muir nlaht 

at the Padres 

PREPARE FOR : 

MCAT ~,v:':r='! Dar"ndlUCCftI 
" S .... IICI_ LSAT Vo'uminous hom. 

Thursday, May 5 
Discount tickets available in the 

Muir Dean's Office and Residence Hall 

83.25 
Free bus transportat ion!! 
Game begin at 7:00 p. m . 

For free t ra n portat ion meet in 
front of thc Mui r Re idence Hall Office 

at S:30 p. m. 

BRE study mlteri". Courlftthlt •• AlGSa eonst..,t'y upd8tMl 
OCAT T lpe f.cilil'" for II rev;.w. of c'_ 

'-n. M1d lor u_ 
..... T of .. "", ....... ,«v ~I mat.".I. 
FLEX ~.-UPI for ECFMG miJlMd l..an. 

UT'L MED 80S 
SAT-VAT 

. 

.SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2'80 G.met . l'Kific a-h 121(. 

Phone 1M. "".&81) 
=tj- -'DUCAT~"~· 

CEIllTEA ~ 
Br __ in m~ US cit. 

end Swiu .... nd 

Monday, May Z. 1J77 

TT Positions. .. 
CoatiDued from Pap 1 

Associate News Editor, Sports 
Editor, Arts Editor, Photo Editor 
and Copy Editor. Two Office 
Manager positions are also open . 

Applicants will be asked to 
provide writing samples or other 
examples of their journalistic 
experience. 

The deadline for applications is 4 
pm May 17. 
Zionism_ 

cont. from page % 

ll!lVllJil? 
-., I. 

ONEG SHABBAT 
POTLUCK DINNER 

Bring your favorite dish to an evening of 
services. singing & dancing 

LECTURE: DAVID l£HRER . WESTERN STATES COUNC il 
For S'nIIS'nlh .. II..,.. ..... lion L.-cI'" 

FrltMy Moly '. 1'" 
U JO North ConI . Rm. 

Sponeored by UJS 

superior, to other "races." Many 
Israelis are racist-European 
(Ashkenzai) Jews asainst Arabi 
and Middle Eastern (Sephardic or 
"Arab") Jews, and Sepbardlc 
Jews against Arabs. It is more 
debatable to contend that Israeli 
society is racist, and it is next to 
impossible to bold that Zionism, 
either as an ideology or as a social 
movement, equals racism, that is, 
distinctions based on biological 
factors. 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB SPEAKER SERIES 

Dr. Julie Taylor 
Dept. of Anthro_ U.C.S.D. 

Machismo and Evs Peron: Women' . 
Role In Argentinien Society 

DI. Neither ships at sea, nOl' 
ships-of.te, are "she", except 
possibly to men who desire to 
"captain" and command them . . 

Tuesday May 3 , 7 :30 
Interna t ional Cent er 

Refreshments 

JORJ MA TIASZ 

UCSD 

Dean's Cup Race 1:30pm 

Saturday, May 7th 
Starting Time: li:30pm 
Muir College Quad 

~ 

Pick up Entry Forms 
in Rec Gym Office 

IPONIORID BY RICRI!ATIONAL ATHLaTICS 

TODAY! (Monday, May 2) 
~ 

3:00 pm 

Muir Apartment Lounge 
Lower Muir Quad 

DT. Bob Kavanaugh 
humorlat and JMYChoiogiat 

presenting a workshop eDtided 

. 'Learning to Laugh and Laughing to Live" 
Heard any good jokes lately? 

Humor as a way of deali~ with 
life - what makes you laugh 1 

Sponsored by Muir College 

Free admiss ion 

PRECISION CUTIING 
SKINCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A complete Reclken Salon 

• 3251 Holiday Ct. 
Right by La JoUa Village Inn 

455-0680 

USED-FADED 
. '3.25 
LEVI S 

WISTIRN-HAWAIIAN 
SHIRTS. . 

If you are Interested In peer couns ling 
o r crisis Intervention: 

Training in Telephone Crisis Intervention 
will begin next week 

Page 3 

The t rain ing workshop will be led by profeSSionals from the 
counseling field . The purpose of t his program Is to train 
volunteers for a c risIs Intervention hotllne to be started on 
campus next fall . 

To participate In this Intense program (approximately 30 
hours) or to get more Information come by the Page One office 
below the Muir Cafeteria or call us at 452·2167. 

Career 
'Bartend;rtg 

Sehool 

Meet the PEOPLE 
Work the HOURS and 

make the MONEY you want 
JOB ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE NOW 

FOR FUU and PART TIME 
Classes 

Days - 2 wks. - 80 hrs. 
Eves. - 4 wks. - 80 hrs. 

for a free 'esson call 
29'·5530 2760 5th Ave. Suite 120 

"dorruthin9 dV E.W in. 'Uud t2lotk" 

l'esteraays 
ANTIQUIDRISSIS n,ot~ 

and ~ 
FUNKY AND FUN 

GOODIES FROM THE 
30's· 40's - 50's 

LEATH.R and SUIDE 
lACKnS 
'10to'11 

SERVING 
SDSU Ind UCSD 
5t~ Newport. Oc: .. n IIMeh 

Mon, Fri .• s.t .... 11-1 
T ..... w • • Thura., _ _ •• 1 1 .. 

224-1741 

HalIYW _ . l .A. 



Palet 

monday 
Fourth -Italian Style Beef Patties, Beef Loaf 
Muir - HamblU'gers &: Hot Dog. [aU week], Baked Cona Beef, Breaded 

Perch, Vegl Casserole 
Revelle - Mandarin Beef, LasagD8 
Art Exhibition, main entrance, Urey Hall, Revelle. Valerie Webber and 

Janice Bojarsky will exhibit their work through May 31. Free. 
9 am-3 pm - Writing Clinic, help with course papers. For appt. call 452-

2522. 1254 HL. Free. 
11 a .m. - Seminar, Southwest Fisheries Center Aud., La Jolla Shores 

Drive, La Jolla . Dr. Steinar Saelid, Univ. of Trondheim, " Modelling and 
Prediction of Barents Sea Circulation." 

Noon - The Artist's Book ExhIbition, Mandeville Art Gallery. A display of 
limited or one-of-a-kind books created by artists. Free. Through May 15. 
Hours: noon-5 p.m . Sun.-Fri. 

Noon - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - Biology/Chemistry ClInic, walk in tutoring in lower 

division classes. HL 410 Basement. Free. 
3:00 pm - Dr. Bob Kavanaugh presenting a workship entitled "Learning to 

Laugh and Laughing to Live." What's special about your sense of humor? 
Sponsored by Muir College at the Muir Apartment Lounge. FREE. 

~ - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
4 pm - Fourth College Commuter Board meeting. Provost's Office 302 MC. 
4:00 pm - Rape Task Force Meeting. Women's Center. 
4 pm - High Energy Physics Seminar, room 1148 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. 

Clemens Heusch, UC Santa Cruz, "Some Features of Vector Meson 
Production in Muon-Nucleon Scattering." 

Horseback Riding, La Jolla Farms. 
4-5 - Karate, North Balcony. 
4: 3~ : 30 - Gy mnastics, South Balcony. 
5-5 :45 - Conditioning Club, Wrestling Room. 
5-7 - Belly Dance, North Balcony. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and apPointments. 

Rap Session at 7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. Call 452-2669. 
7·9 - Aikido. Wrestling room. 
7-10-ShaoUnFu. West Balcony. 
7: 15 pm - Fourth College Program Board Meeting: details on the Gong 

Show, semi-formal at the Westgate, and "Goodbye Columbus" . 302 MC. 
7:30 pm - Discussion: Death-Dying & Care for Persons. University 

Community Church. FREE. 
7:30 pm - "Special", Bahai Fireside and Slide Show on Israel Land of 

Many Faiths. Rosemary Witt, recently returned from the Holy Land, will 
present her many slides of historical religious sites. For more info. call Dan 
or Tim, 483-2257. To be held in the Student Center North Conference Room. 

8-11- Isracli Dance, Rec. ConI. Room. 
9: 15 pm - MONDAY NIGHT MOVIES. "Oklahoma" . Location: Muir 5 and 

Dime . Free. 

tuesday 
Fourth - Braised Pork Chops, Baked Fish. 
Muir - BBQ Spare Ribs, Salisbury Steak, Vegl Baked Beans. 
Revelle - Meat Loaf, Roast Tttrkey. 
9 am - Muir Dorm Draw. 
9 am-3 pm - Writing Clinic, help with course papers. For appt. call 452-

'2522. 1254 HL. Free. 
Noon - Lunchtime Concert, alcove, Mandeville Center. Music for flute, 

recorder, harp, viola and harpsichord by Telemann and Debussy. Free. . 
12-1- Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12:00 noon to 2:00 pm - "Faces of HeaUng". Oriental Medicine : 

Acupuncture , Kiatsu & Reflexology. Demonstration & Lecture, Student 
Center, Bldg. C. 

12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - Biology/Chemistry Clinic, walk in tutoring in lower 
division classes. HL410 Basement, free. 

1 p.m. -Solid State Physics Seminar, room2313AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. C. 
Fong, UC Davis, " Electronic Structure of the Chevrel Phase Compound Pb 
M06SS." 

1-2 pm - Weight Management Group. To help you find ways of modifying 
your eating habits and develop support systems to help maintain weight 
reduction. Diane Evans, facilitator . Call Becca or Jan at x3755 to sign up. 412 
Matthews Campus. 

3-5 pm - Asian Rap Session. Individual or small-group informal rap 
sessions II r students of extraction. Broad purposes embrace : cultural ex-
change, unity , identity, individual feelings and emotions concerning 
psychosoc ai-political issues, bicultural assimilation, understanding foreign 
and Amer can-born Asians, job and racial discrimination, job and graduate 
school opportunities, sharing of common problems, and related topics of 
interest . Fot' indivitiolRI Andlor group rap sign ups, call x3755. For groups, 
please indicate whether Tuesday or WeuJlesdny-is preferred. DeMis Lee, 
facilitator 412 Matthews Campus. 

3:30-A 'c/lery, Archery Range. 
4 p.m . Ch.mlcal Physics Seminar, room 2622 US~, Revelle . PrOf. Ahmed 

Zewail , "Coherent Optical Spectroscopy." 
4:00 pm - Di cussion: Death-Dying and Care of Persons. Student Center 

East Conf ~ rence Room. 
4-5 - Karate. North Balcony. 
Horseback Riding. La Jolla Farms. 

4 : 3~:3O- Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
5 pm - Asian American Student Alliance organizational meeting. Building 

" A", Student Center Complex. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appoinbnents. 

Rap Session at 7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. Call 452-2669. 
6:00 pm - EAB Meeting, do you want to be active? Then come to the. 

meeting. All interested students and members invited. Blake Hall 4th floor. 
6-7 :3O-0uting. Rec. Conf. Room. 
6:30 pm - Me tlng of Union of Jewish Students to discuss Chabbat 

I rI'OIl II me'S 

What's On: 
Activities on Friday May 6. Student Organizations Conference Room, 
Student Center. 

7 pm -Surf Clubrream meetilll, about contest this weekend and dance. 
HSS2154. 

7-9 pm - Women's Sexuality Group. This group is for women who have 
experienced difficulty in achieving orgasmic response. Desiped after 
Lonnie Barbach's pre-orgasmic women's group at the University fi 
California, San Francisco, this group will focus on issues such as female 
sexual myths, anger, fear, and loss of control,. in addition to specific exer-
cises aimed at exploring the female sexual response. Lauren Kuhn, 
facilitator. Cau Becca or Jan at x3755 to sign up. Revelle Provost Off. 

7:30 pm - Intenaational Club. Speaker series. Dr. Julie Taylor, Dept. fi 
Anthropology, UCSD. " Machismo and Eva Peron : Women's Role in 
Argentinian Society." Refreshments will be served. International Center. 

S: 00 pm - Transcendental Meditator's Meeting. East Conference Room. 
S: 00 pm - Dr. Robert Lynch, Psychiatrist speaking on the phYSiological & 

psychological reactions to drugs. Dr. Lynch was a colleague of the late 
Aldous Huxleyand involved in early LSD research. Sponsored by the Muir 
Activities Office and Revelle Residence Hall staff. Held at the Revelle Deli. 

S p.m. - Atomic Cafe, quad, Muir. Son of Tower Music will play "Passions 
ofthe Cosmos." . 

9:15 pm - Come listen to John Mahlum play acoustic guitar and the har-
monica. Don't miss this great performance. Muir Five and Dime. FREE. 

wednesday 
Fourth-Pot Roast of Beef, Baked Lasagna. 
Muir-Roast turkey, Pork Chow MelD, Vegl Chow MelD. 
Revelle-Yankee Pot Roast, Jackpot Casserole. • 
9-10 am - Motivational Workshop. Feel unable to get on with studying? 

Feeling unable to get started when you do have projects and papers due? 
Feel overwhelmed by what you have to do? If you answer "yes" to any or all 
of the above questions, this group is for you. The aim of the workshop will be 
to help the student become more successful and more motivated in his or her 
academic pursuits. Hugh Pates and Bob Kavanaugh, facilitators. Call 
Yolanda at x3490 to sign up. Revelle Provost's Office. 

9 am-3 pm - Writing Clinic, help with course papers. For appt . call 452-
2522. 1254 HL. Free. 

Noon - Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12 noon - AMES 205, Seminar No. t , FUm Series. "The Weather Machine, 

Part 2" . 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - Biology/Chemistry Clinic, Walk in tutoring in lower 

division classes. HL410 Basement. Free. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and ap-

pointments. Call 452-2669 or drop by. Student Health. 
12:30-2 :30 pm - Sex Clinic. For individuals or couples seeking infonnatlon 

or counseling about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates, Dalynn Proffitt, and 
Lauren Kuhn, facilitators. Call Yolanda at x3490 to sign up. Revelle 
Provost's Office. . 

2-4 pm - Assertion Training. Six week structured group in learning to 
stand up for your rights without violating the rights of others. For men and 
women. John Andrews and Sharon Young, fac.ilitators. 412 Matthews 
Campus. 
3: 00 pm - Fourth College Career/Life Planning Boa rd. 302 MC. This meeting 
is weekly, same time, same place. 

3-5 pm - General Rap Sessions. Rap about any concerns in your mind, 
such as : sexuality, roommates, cafeteria food, test anxiety , parent, term 
papers, grades, job-hunting, career, drugs, etc. Dennis Lee, facilitator. CaU 
Becca or Jan at :x3755 to sign up. Please give day preferred. 412 Matthews 
Campus. 

3~-TableTennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
4 pm - UCSD New Poetry Series: Reading by Dale Herd. Revelle Formal 

Lounge. 
4 p.m. - Lecture, UCSD Theatre, Matthews. Dan Sullivan, drama critic of 

the L.A. Times, "How Influential is the Arts Critic and How .Much Power 
Does a Critic Have?" Free. 

4 p.m. - Organic/inorganic Seminar, room 107 Third College Lecture Hall. 
Dr. William Newton, C.F. Kettering Institute, " Acetylene and Diazene 
Complexes of Molybdenum. Possible Relationships to Biological and 
Chemical N2 -reducing Systems." 

4-5 - Karate. North Balcony. 
4:31H!:30- Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
5:00 to 6:30 pm - Student Active Towards Community Health will hold 

weekly meeting. Special elections will be held. Student Center North Con-
ference Room. 

7:00 pm - Meeting of Pisolitic Uranltes to plan Geology field trip jointly 
run with SDSU. Game Room Conference Room, Student Center. 

7-9 pm - Women's Sexuality Group. See Tuesday at 7 pm. Led by Julie 
Kenny at 412 MC. room 5. 

7: 15 pm - Fourth College Cabinet Meeting. 302 MC. Weekly meeting same 
time,same place. 

7-10-Scuba. Rec. Conf. Room. 
7-10- Shao Lin Fu. West Balcony. 
9 pm - Trident Christian Fellowship. Revelle Fonnal LounlZe. 
S pm - Festival of Shorts. Mandeville Recital Hall. Anthology of short, 

contemporary pieces performed by John-Charles Francois. Free. 
9:15 - Hoot Night. Come listen to some u~oming_musical performers 

andlor play in this entertaining open forum. Muir Five and Dime. FREE. 

thursday 
Fourlh-Slmmered corned beef, Roast Leg of Port. 
Muir-Spaghetti w/meat baDs, Baked Halibut, VeIl S.-gbeUf. 

Revelle-TRA. 
9 am-3 pm - WrltlD& Clinic, help papers. For appt. call 452-

2522. 1254 HL. Free. 
10 am-5 pm - MECHA de UCSD p~celel)rac~jon del Cinco De Ma)'O. 

Speakers, Chicano Art , Los Alucranes, Musica, 
Ballet Folklorico. Muir ~"" .. ",.1>:_u 

11:30 am-12:30 pm - Stress andA.lledulctic)n Worbhop. Do you feel 
anxious in social situations? Do and blocked when taking 
tests? Does your anxiety get in studying? If your answer Is 
"yes" to any of these, this group is you. Hugh Pates "nd Dalynn 
Proffitt, facilitators. call Yolanda to sign up. ReveUe Provost's 
Office. 

Noon - Graduate Student l:OQattI~. North Conference Room, 
Student Center. Free. 

Noon - Conditioning. Wr·estling Ii. 
12: 00 noon - Why settle you can experience peace of 

mind. Attend the Christian :iClI!ntillleetllltg at Argo Hall Resident 
Dean's Office. 

12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - BI~llog:y/(:bIIICllnlc, walk in tutoring in lower 
division classes. HL410 Baseme 

12-4:30 pm - Birth Control ~.n:5eling, information, and ap-
pointments. Call 452-2669 or drop ul .•• r,,~ .. lth. 

12:30 p.m . - Sumner Series, sm. The Rev. Douglas Bray 
will give an illustrated, color entitled, " Petra, Red Rose 
City of the Dead - A City Half as Free. 

1 pm - Do you want to see student newspaper at UCSD? 
Come and get involved in the Also hear the budget update. 
East Conference Room. 

4 p.m. - Physics CoUoqulum, Revelle. Dr. G. Benedek, UC 
Santa Barbara, " Biological and Applications of Optical Mixing 
Spectroscopy. " 

4:00 p.m. - Astrophysics, Space . Speaker: Dr. JudithJ. 
Perry, Max-Planck-Institut fur Topic: Problems Associated 
with Absorption-Line Spectra of . TLH 104. 

4-5 pm - 4th College Writing Lecture: A question and an-
swer session with Herbert Marcuse. . FREE. 

4-5 -Karate. North Balcony. 
441 pm - "Way-out" Oh·m~.ics··g. from texts, paP.,ers, and tests. 

Composed of coed teams, will be on fun, creative 
games, and meeting people. will include: superstar 
competition, basketball, golf, biking, baseball, 
swimming, etc. Other sample four-team volleyball 
with one partner using one leg with four downs to score a 
touchdown from the ten-yard will plan and develop 
creative events. Thereafter, on Thursdays for two hours 
in the late afternoon or early individually or with friend(s ). 
To do this, call Becca or Jan preferred two-hour time bloc 
(either 4 pm or 6 pm). Dennis Matthews Campus. 

4:30 p.m. - UCSD Women's Center, Matthews. Dr. 
Barrie Thome, UC Santa and lead a discussion on "The 
Effect of in " Free. 

4 :30 - Outing. EquliprrlentChe,c. 
4: 3~ : 30 - Gymnastics. 
Horseback Riding. La J 
5:30 pm - Women's Center 
6.a pm - Women's Sexuality 

Revelle Provost Office. 
6-9 - Ballroom Dance. Rec . 

Women's Center. 
at 7 pm. Lauren Kuhn at 

6:30-10pm- FreeChUdcare Women's Center. FREE. 
7: 00 pm - 'Mulr Night at the Tickets on sale all week at the 

Muir Dean's Office and Rp"irlf'nCl.n(~e. Discount tickets are $3.25. 
Padres vs. Phillies. Game need transportation meet in 
front of the Muir Residence pm. Bus transporlation free. 

7: 00 pm - The Lord promises read the Book of Mormon and 
study it out in your mind, having Savior Jesus Christ, and you 
sincerely ask our Father in Book is true, the Truth win be 
made manifest to you by the Holy Ghost. Come and find out 
about it at the Booke of Class and LOS meeting. At the 
little white house across Hall. 

7-10- Fencing. West naJ.con:y. 
7:30 pm - Fourth College Stul~~mentCablnet meeting. 302 MC. 
7:30 pmand9pm-FiIm:' '. USB 2722. $1.00. 
8 p.m. - Geological Sciences Conf. Room, SIO. Dr. Francis 

Shepard, " Records of Currents and Relation to Delta-
front Valleys." 

8-9 :30 pm - Bible Study 
Ecumenical Council" let by 
University-Community Church, 
Pines Road. 

friday 
Fourth-Spanlsh Beef Steak, 
Mulr.Stuffed Bated Cornish 

MeatLoaf. 
Revelle-Baked Fish, Fried 
8am- FourtbColle,e 
9 am-3 pm - Writing ClIIUc, 

Missionary Journey and 
mpus Pastor John Huber. 
Shores ~rive, at N. Torrey 

Tomato Meat Loaf, Vep 

lIleeting. 302 MC. 
papers. For appt. call 452-

2522. 1254 HL. Free. 
9-11 am - Women'. sell.JI'T.''''' group is for women who have 

experienced difficulty in response. Designed after 
Lonnie Barbach's group at the University of 
California, San Francisco, focus on issues such as female 

triton times 

-

sexual myths, anger, fear and loss of control, in addition to specific exer-
cises aimed at exploring the female sexual respome. Lauren Kuhn and Julie 
Kenny, facilitators . Call Becca or Jan at 3755 to sign up. 412 Matthews 
Campus. 

Noon - Community Medicine SemiDar, Dean's Conf. Room, Med. School. 
Dr. Ruth Heifetz, "Current Occupational Health Issues." 

12-4 pm - Bloiogy/ChemJItry Clinic, walk in tutoring in lower division 
classes. HL410Basement. Free. 

12-4:30 pm - Birth Control ClJDJc. Counseling, information and ap-
pointments. Call 452-2669 or drop by. Student Health. 

12:05 p.m. - Marine Biology SemInar, room 3111 Vaughan Hall, SID. Karen 
Van Winkle-Swift, Duke Univ., "Variability in Cytoplasmic Inheritance: 
Observations on Chlamydomonas." 

2 p.m. - Men's tennis, Muir courts. UC San Diego vs. Cal. St. Dominguez 
Hills. 

3 pm - Lecture, Dr. S. Washburn, University of California. Berkeley. 
" Perspectives on Human Behavior and the Behavior of Other Animals". 
P&LlllO. 

3 p.m. - Topics In Respiration, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Colin 
Bloor, " The Physiologic Stresses of Marathon Running. " 

3 p.m. - Biochemistry Seminar, room 104 Third College Lecture. Jeffrey 
Bolin, topic to be announced. 

3 p.m . - Geological Sciences Seminar, room 307 Vaughan Hall, SID. Dr. 
Chris Hendy, Univ. of Washington, "Global Climate and the Late Quater-
nary Glacial History of Antarctica." 
. 3~ - Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 

4 p.m. - Dissertation Defense, room 3086 H&SS Bldg., Muir. Ying-hsiung 
Chou, "The Wooden-tonqued Bell: The Uses of Literature and Poetry· 
Collecting in Han China." 

4-5 - Karate. North Balcony. 
4: 3~ : 30 - Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
6:00 pm - Oneg Shabbat Potluck Dinner (bring something to share ). 

Services, dancing, singing. Lecture:, David Lehrer, Western States Council 
for B'Nai B'rith Anti-Defamation League. Sponsored by UJS. North Con-
ference Room, Student Center. 

7 pm and 9:30 pm - Campus Program Board Movie "The Pink Panther", 
USB 2622. Free. 

7-10 pm - CINCO DE MAYO CELEBRATION. Teatro performance. TLH 
107. Free. 

7:30 pm - The Gong Show: all acts, awful and funny, risque and respec-
table, will be tolerated for no more than three minutes. Sponsored by Fourth 
College Program Board. Student Center, Bldg. C. Admission is flexible. 

8 p.m . - Song Cycle n, Mandeville Recital Hall. Works by Faure, Poulenc, 
Ravel and Chabrier will be performed under the direction of John Large. 
Free. 

9:00 to 12:00 midnight - Dance sponsored by Revelle Program Board and 
open to all the colleges. The performing band is "Clouds." Revelle Cafeteria. 
FREE. 

saturday 
FOlU'th-Hot Pizza, Spaghetti w /meat balls. 
Muir-Pot Roast of Beef, Macaroni & Cheese. 

What's 
Up? 

Dear Doc : Consider the 
following: Three wise meo sit 
facing each other with their eyes 
closed. They are told someone will 
stamp their foreheads with either 
an X or a blank stamp. They will 
then all open their eyes and raise 
their hands if they see an X on the 
forehead of either of the other men. 
As soon as they know whether or 
nol there Is an X on the.1r own 
forehead, they should stand up. 
This is done, and they all Im-
mediately raise their hands. After 
some hesitation, I man stands up 
and correctly says he has an X on 
his forehead. How did he koow? 

Answer elsewhere in this 
column. I want to think about it. 

Dear Doc : We, the undersigned, 
are curious as to tbe possibility of 
the Chancellor stuffing the ballot 
boxes, paying off students, «,Ir any 
usage of coe relon In the electiOD of 
April ZO-U. Who In tbelr right mind 
would not want to see our beloved 
Chancellor In a bunny suit on Wed. 
mornln,s?????????? No one 
outside of the elitist clast tblt 
re5lde. at tbe student ceater 
and/or tbe branches of slildeDl lD-
nuence within the unlvenlty b. 
seen tbe Chaucellor for more than 
a brief nash, aad how does ODe 

PageS 

Revelle-BBQ Spareribs, Beef Stroganof. 
ALL DAY, Both Days, High School Visitation - All students who will be 

attending as freshman next year. 3rd CoUege. Saturday and Sunday. 
9 a.m. - A Working Woman's Guide to Her Job Rights, H-L Aud., Revelle. 

An uj>-to-date workshop on legal rights related to jobs and Job seeking. 
General admission: $10. For information call 452-3400. 

9 a.m. - Dealing with Stress, Conf. room lilA, Matthews. One-day 
workshop to provide participants with new ways to understand and deal with 
the strains of daily living. Includes slides, lectures, discussions and ex-
periential activities. General admission: $20; Alumni & Friends: $15. For 
information call 452-4490. 

10:00 - Bicycle. Bike Shop. 

10 :30 a .m. - Campus Tours, Front, Central University Library. Student 
conducted tours lasting 1'h hours in duration. Free. 

12:30 pm-4 pm - Fourth Annual UCSD Tricycle Races. The craziest, 
funniest, longest-standing tradition of its kind at UCSD is back again ! The 
world's greatest trike races take on the terriIying~ ever-dangerous Muir 
College Course in a wild , fun-filled extravaganza Ot derring-do spills and 
thrills. Muir Quad. 

1:00 - Judo Seminar. Wrestling Room. 
5 :30 pm - Catholic Mass followed by short film and dis~sion. University-

Community Church. 
6-11 pm - Harem Night, catered dinner starting at 6 pm. Dancing en-

tertainment starts at 8 pm. UCSD students $5.00, general admission $5.00, 
$2.00 entertainment only. International Center . 

8 p.m. - Del Mar String Quartet Recital, Mandeville Recital HaU. Works 
by Haydn, Beethoven and Debussy will be performed. Free. 
. 9 pm-2 am - CINCO DE MAYO DANCE sponsored by MECHA. Free. 
Building " C", Student Center. 

sunday 

Fourth-Roast Leg of Lamb, Baked Beef Loaf. 
Muir-Breaded Veal Cutlet, Cbicken AdoBo, Vegl Rice Casserole. 
Revelle-Smoked Ham, Lamb ClU'ry. 
8:30 am - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
10 am - Cantate Sunday Music Festival featuring instrwnentalists and 

vocalists from UCSD, such as, Deborah Kavasch, Karen Werner, Hanelore 
Wierschin. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. , across 
the street from Revelle. 

12:03 - Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 

1 pm - The Center for Psychological Revolullon starts a Mass Movement 
for Sanity, for a scientific attitude toward your own life. Weekly presen-
tations. 1529 HornblendSt, Pacific Beach. Free. 

5 pm - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
6-9 pm - Biology/Chemistry CUnic, walk in tutoring in lower division 

classes. HL 410 Basement. Free. 
7 pm - Free Duplicate Bridge games. Open to everyone, Bridge. Side 

Door, Revelle Cafeteria. Free. 
7-9 pm - Women' Sexuality Group.See Tuesday at 7 pm. Julie Kenny, 

leader. 412MC, room 5. 

recognize him if he does not appear 
in the midst of students? There 
cannot possibly be 235 nerds in this 
school who would vote no on such a 
necessary Issue as this unless they 
were bribed In some way to come 
out of their labs for a fleeting 
moment in the hopes of a grant 
renewal!!!!!!!!!! Only the 
Chancellor could want such a 
measure to fall. Thank goodness 
1032 students saw the need and 
gravity of this measure! !!!!!!!!! 

Sincerely, Peter Rabbl~. Pres., 
Local 111180, Peter Cottontail, 
Easter Bunny, Incorp. , Playboy 
Club International, Inc., UCSD 
Coalition for Pre ervation of 
Rabbits , Edmond G. Brown, lII, 
Bunny Rabbits Union, Local Nl180. 

This hard-core group of students 
believed having the Chancellor 
wear a bunny rabbit suit would be 
an insult-to the bunnies. 

Dear Doc: In the 197 ... 11'75 
school year there was • sign to the 
left of tbe frODt entrance of Urey 
Hall [tbe entrauce to SolE library] 
that said: "ReveDe College . 
Dedicated Oct. 4, 1915" [this 11 an 
approximate gue 8]. La t year the 
Ign was gone but tbe two posta 

that held it up were still tbere. This 
year the posts are also gone. 

Question: Are they going to put 
back up the sign?? 

The removal ofthe siR,n occurred 
at the request of Allan Blackstock, 
Revelle business manager. It 
seems the campus gardeners kept 
knocking the letters off the sign. 
Blackstock apparently did not 
want his college to be called 
" Revel College" on the dedication 
sign. However, there is hope. Jim 
Burfield, who runs physical plant 
on campus, wants to see the sign 
back in place and is pushing for a 
dedication sign to be placed there 
when the rest of the. new campus 
signs go lip. The new one would 
have imprinted letters instead of 
attached wood letters. This should 
solve the problem of the klutzy 
gardeners. 
My anSWH to today 's first 
question : 

He reasoDl'<i as follows : If man 2 
has his hanG up, either man 1 or 
man 3 or bot\] have Xs. Man 1 sees 
man 3 has an X. If man 1 did not 
have one, then man 2 could deduce 
that since man 3 has his hand ttp, 
then man 2 must have the x since 
man 1 would not. However, since 
man 2 did not jump up, man 1 
correctly deduced this must not be 
the case and that he has an X. 



! 
t LOWEST PRICE EUROPEAN FLIGHTS 

W~ ar~ ~rviny the academic 
community with discount travel 

abroad. Let us make your air travel 
. arrangements. Flexibility as to 

d",1 111<11101 I iliid departure saves you $ 
CAll US LAST TOll FREE 800/ 223-1722 

MESA APARTMENTS 
The Mesa Apartments for Undergraduates is now accepting applications 
for the position of Resident Advisor. Students should apply at the 
St udent Employment Office. For more information, contact Rick Bayer at 
the Residential Apartments Offke , 452-2952. Deadline for applying is 
May 13. 

• All Seniors interested in delivering a student address at the' 
Commence ment Exercises submit your name at the Muir E>ean 's 
Office immediately. Information available there . Deadline 5-
10-77 . . 

• All Seniors cast a ballo t voting for most outstanding faculty, 
administrator and staff member of John Muir College. Ballots 
and ballot boxes located in Cluster Library, Biomedical Library, 

&E Library, Central Library and the Muir Dean's Off ice now. 
• John Muir Colleg Commencement announcements are NOW 

available in the bookstore at the pen cou nter, register 8 . 
• Caps and gowns will be in the bookstore from June 6 to June 17. 

The rental fee is $6.36. You will be fitted when you come in . See 
Cindy Beyer in the bookstore for details. 

triton times 
"""y, May I, lt77 

. TT Classifieds 
'''OUSiNG 

Visiting prolesser will need 3 txlrm furnished 
house or apt. lor 6 mo .. maybe longer. 
Slarilng July 1977. Please call Kathy Clark . 
453-7500 .3481 (5 /9) 

One F roommale needed for 4 Bdrm. LJ 
house pool & view avail Thru I Sept. $150 
459-0716 (5 /4) 
Female rmmale: Share lurn 2 bdrm near 
UCSD w /2 non-smoking girls for llUmmer. 
IOU mo. Leura/DJ 453-n47 (5/6) 

Needed room male for ne., year 10 li ve Del 
Mar. preferrable musl like animals cal"~53-
7803 ask for Meg . 

Townhouse-Seascape Shores-Sol. Beach . 
For lease·1 yr. 2 bdrrn l 'h plus balh. Beach, 
sauna. jacuzzi, pool . Walk to shops. 
reslauranl s. bus . 4S2·~0 days. 75fH>358 
evngs. wkde. 

Surfboard T4 " brand new. used onc&-,ound 
diamond lail gun in absolule cherry condition 
- 481 ·9207 Bruce (SI2) 

HIGHS AND HANGOVERS 
PRESENTS 

Dr. Robert Lynch, PsyclU.trist 

TUESDAY, MAY 3 
8:00P.M. 

REVELLE DELI 

• Early researcher In LSD 
• Colleague of Aldou. Huxley 
Film. and dlKu .. lon on the 
phYlilologlcal and .,.ychologlcal 
reaction to drugs. 
Sponsored by the Muir actlYltles 
office and Rnelle Reeldeace 
Hall.alf. 

Led Zep tickels. 25th row center sac. LA 
forum late June 452-9343 (5/4) 

Koss ESP-9 
Electrostat IC 
Headphones E. cond 
$75755-6380 (5/9) 

AL STEWART TICKETS 2nd row cenler. also 
41h row. ;)uPERTRAMP. and LEO ZEPPELIN 
call Gary 453-6253 (S/2) 
Free "Slarter Kit" with purchase of used M<>-
Ped (Molorlzed bicycle) • e.cellenl condition 
• $275 10 S350 while Ihey IaSI at Ihe Merchant 
of M<>-Peds 2226 Aven lda de la Playa La Jolla 
Shores454-9Il82T .... lhru Sunday (5/~' 

Ikelile underwaler housing lor Canon 814E 
never used 5100. ~1·9103; 452·1732 
evenings (5/4) 

Surfboard yellow Stinger 6'10" good con-
dilion $SO 481 ·9103: 452·1732 evenings (5/4) 

Componenl slereo for sale Including tape 
deck lor $11 0 Cali Carl 751)-65f 2 

Oynaco 410 power amp . 200 w/ch . IYR 
perfecl COndo wilh midlerms com ing up lrale 
your neighbors $280 755~93 (S/6, 

Green naugehyde rod<lng chair and stool S35 
481 ·9103; 45c-1732 evenings . (5/4) 

US divers _I suit . conshelf 6 regulator 
depth and pressure gauges. tank. boot . etc 
$100 453-n64 ev. 

1975 Kawasaki 400cc. four stroke. 8000 mr, 
- good cond i lion . 5700 or make offer . Ph 5e6-

~, 
AKC Cocker Spaniels 2 black /2 buff 7 wks 
old $135 or offer calt436-9058 (SIS, 

Welsuil hottest sui t In lown as new OOSI 300 
. elll40 cali fordelails 270-5719 (S/4, 

1971 Saab WE e.celient condo radials R&H 
IInanclng available economy plus 50 .00 0_ 
wholesale 1800. 270·5719 (5/4, 

Bicycle Unlvega as new *"tllul sliver blue 
wilh many exlras coot :i!OO 2 mos. ago. sell 
lor 140 27G-S719 (S/4) 

Typewrtter. Hermes portable. with ca88 like 
new- perfecl . 5100. 453-3731 . 

Fo, sale·1975 Flal 131. No backwlndow. 
Runs like a lop. Call 755·7~ . Ask lor 
Morph . 

23 Inch mens Peugeol 10 speed good cor>-
ditionS80. Debbie755-8063_. 

Siereo componenls tor sale Including 
cassel Ie lape deck: $11 0 call Cart 755-6612 
(5/9) 

Poloroid 104 land camera with flash. tlim 
(plclures in 60 seconds) call Ralph. Days: 
.4680 eve: 453-3035. 

Gibson Les Paul DLX and Les Paul Jr, $325 
each. Good condition. SIeve 454-6435 (5/1" 
Portable casselle as new aulo SlOp has all 
Ihe goodies 270-571 9 (5/4) 

WANTEd 
TUlor needed for APiS 61 . 'WIII Pay Call 
fig hi away 453·3123 leave message il I'm not 
home (512) 

Need eXira cash? Paying lop dollar for U.S. 
Silver coins belore 1965. Also buying old 
com • . Call Ken 75!>-737 1 (6/12) 
Someone 10 pull weeds once or IWlce a week. 
$2 SO /hr . al Solana Mar Ap lS .• 309 Solana 
HIlls. Solana Bch. 7S!>-4882 (6112) 
Wanted·IB calculus book calculus and Its 
applications. Please call Mike al ~53-9236. 

VoIuntMB Meded to smoke marijuana in 2 
hr. psych . experimenl. MuSI be male. age 21 -
44 . and e.perlenced user. Contact Paul 
Clopton 1294~51 (5/6' 
Wili pay $10 1.0 .ero. good siudenis noles for 
this entire quaner of Chern 1408 . Mine 1081 or 
Slolen . 56fH1071 .. k for Ginny. Leave name 
and number. 

cha,." 
OYer 7m.I_Slnce 1962 Son Doogo'. 
..... "poI_ ChotIot Co. 
EUROPE from 1327 

.......... ·n 
2.3 .• . 5,6 10 2. _. duration " g t il .... 
No dUll< 10 """. no _ ond SA~ 10 80'<0 

HAWAII from 1171 

SandalS. handcralted shoes moccaalna ..-
10 your leet 481 ·9677 James Clark shoemak. 
1342 Camino Del Mar (5/21' 

Typing IBM selectric. Theses. lerm papers. 
etc. 452·1588 everllngs . (6/6) 

MUIR STUDENTS - John Muir College Week 
is coming. May 7·may 14 (5/6) 

BABIES 
We need babies for studies of Iheir ha ... 
dadnes. and brain wave development. We 
can pay S5 for Ihelr services . Call Doug 
Ramsay. UCSD 4S2-4266 (5/3) 

Whal isa Gable.t? Ask your COps I (5/2) 
Muir sludents • Tickets for May 5 Padres 
game on sale In . Muir dean's office Iran-
sporlalion provided (5/2) 

Muir Folks - PIlolo conlest deadline e.tended 
1111 May 4 • funher Info al Muir dean or Res. 
Hall ofllce (5/2) 

FOURTH STUDENTS • You are cordially 
invil ed 10 submil works of an 10 your baloved 
Lllerary Journal . "Fourthwrile" . In Olher 
words. damnlt all you closet writers out 
there. send In those orIginals you've got 
tucked away somewhere and are afraid 10 
bflng out. We will consider anylhing 01 
reasenable lenglh (no more than 3 or 4 
pages) and lormal (pleas ... ·no more satires 
on the Quality 01 food at your local catelerla) . 
Oon 'l hesilale. drop by 508 M.C. or cali Julie 
al .3068. (5/2) 

Specie-Glad you' re paper is over? I ami Now 
you can go back to being DAFFV. Love. 
Bugsy 

Happy Birthday Banana. may you never lose 
your a· peeI ! Kat and Wabbit 
00 yoursefl a favor which will return a 
lifetime Iriendshlp r_ard. Come 10 learn 
abOu l AOPI Inis evening . Call 452-6453 

Lost several _. ago : bright green Slicker 
raincoal . Please call 452-8e66 or rvturn 
Studenl Ct. 

It's here ... lhe day you've been waiting 
lor ... Ihe firsl day of the rest of your 
life ... make it memorable by joining the 
women of AOPI at 6 :30 this _fling . Make 
your reservation now. Call 452-8453, (5/2, 
An Ley- -oId skateboarders _ die. lhey 
lusllose Iheir bearlngs-Clndy & lhe Wrvtch 

Boston Kid . thanks for being tl'ere when I 
need you and mailing Ihe bumps • lillte 
smOOlher. The Kid. 

Pop-Happy Blnhday·lllt.,O the exception to 
lhe IIIw. energy is conserved- you'll _r run 
down. Dubes 

Found: Exciting n_ group for women. To 
claim your share of Ihis remarkable e.· 
perience call now and come Ihis evening to 
get acQuainled with the nealest women at 
UCSO. AOPI calis you. Call us 452-6453. 

• SERVICE 

TYPING IBM SELECTRIC l erm papers. 
lheses. Ph 0 dlssertalions. edllings. RUSH 
JOBS · 453-0656. 560-8171, 452·1588. 286-
4936 (6 / 2) 

AHrtI .. AlteIHtiW.' 
S. ""~.·Uh LHpe 

S83-lIFE 
Free~, study,.... 

..... pealren 

MODELING .JOBS 
How to "1" withoul modeling ""hoot. Send 
Inlplhol and .... Ten-dey ...."..,-baek gUlf· 
an 111. Fal, enough? nPECA.TlNG. 80l( 
35·21. Depl. 11-31. W .. """,.. lllmo/. 8OOfI3 

. •••............................ 

for Service 

· 

· 

Mon. - Fri. 
233-5481 
234·4601 

· 
...............•................ 

VI SpItti .. to _ope, ~ 0rie1lt, ...... 1 
~ 
u 
f-

SAVE 
VI Immediate reservation. ~ Travel Factory 
II) 4238 Balboa Ave. ~ San Diego. 92117 
9 Ph . 483-4000 

Typing • Manlyn would like 10 tulfill your 
Iyplng needs. Expert . reasonable . has an 
IBM Call 270·67211 (6112) 

triton times 

Chern 1408 lulor available. E.·grad student 
who TA'ed Chern 140B last Quarter , Dave. 
45!>-1546. (5/6) 

Page 7 

FREE ADMISSION 

to pli1y BINGO at 7727 Girard Ave. MMV St", n f th l' SI'i1 
Cardg 2x per gilme . All games pay 70% ('nlll'ctl'n . PI"II 1 
25 games. . 

We're Building a New Town 
a ClI,-f,ee villale for 2500 people of sola, homH, organic gardens and 
small busine5Sft . We ire establishi", a new way of living with an 
emphasis on community life, the intel,ation of work and play , and living 
with ""ture throulh appropriate technolOlY. Join our 8 week summe, 
workshop and help create an eco-systemic and human scale town. 
Collqe c,edit. 
The Center for Creative Community Every Tuesday 7 pm . Cerro Gordo Rilnch , Dorenil Lake (ottilIe Grove, Or.97424 

Thl' 
Thurldllyl 
MayS 
USB 2722 
7:30.,9 p.m. 

51 .00 
TIcket, .t 

Sludeni C.nter 
Boo Ottlce 

1<~§lcI~lltl()1 41Xl1tru~llt ~()t~§ 
HfKtl~'~ Jul" 1, 1Clll 

Coast-studio . ......... . .. . ........ . .... . $118.00 
I -Bdrm ... . . . . .. . .... . ... 146.00 
2-Bdrm ... . ..... . . . ...... 159.00 

Mesa - 2·Bdrm ..... . 173.00 

Campus - I-Bdrm ... .. .................. 177 .00 
2-Bdrm ... . . . .............. . .... . ..... . 225.00 
3-Bdrm . . . . . . . ....... . ... . ........ . ... . 265.00 

"We can't 

U.C. San Dielo Campus 
Program Board Presents 

in Concert 

•••••••••••••••••••• 

Kenny 
Loqgins 

!ODe night only! 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• a 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

May 7, 8:00pm 
U.C.S.D. Gym 
UCSD Students $4.50, G.A. $6.00 
UCSD Box Office 452-04559 

accomodate 
all the cars 
we have on 

Parking Lots ... nobody likes them. Yet over 7,000 
staff and stud nt park on campus every day. 

Pre ntly, th re are 1.3 parking permits for every 
pace avai lable on campus. And some of those 

spaces aren 't in convenient places, nor are they 
avai lable during the ri ght times of day. A ratio of 1.2 
perm its per pace would be mor tJe irable. 

Desirable ... But to do so would require building 
about 850 more park ing spaces on campus. This 
wou ld occupy an area of about 7 acres. 

I/Parl~ing will 
destroy open 

space and will 
campus 

now ... we 

Tran portation is vital to UCSD ... people have to 
be able to get to campus to work or study here. But 
there are other ways to get here, also. Some say 
Improved transit rvice to campus and carpooling 
would o lv the parking problem. That If energy 

on ervanon lour goa l, we must start now. 

encourage 
automobile 

needmore 
spaces." 

Other feel th only rea listic alternative at this 
time is to build more spa es. 

use ... 

What do YOU think? 
o 
o 

YES, we need more parking on campus because ... 
NO, we do not need more parking on campus because ... 

" 

I am 0 Undergraduate 0 Graduate Student D Staff D Faculty 
I currently D Do D Do Not hold a valid UCSD parking permit 

.•.•.•..•......•.•...•••••............. ~ ...................•.. .••••....•...••.•.•.•..•..••..••......... 



triton times 

• 

IFYOU'RE THINKING ABOUT THE 
NUCLEAR NAVY, 

THE SHIP SAILS ON MAYIS. 

One of the best ways to get 
into engineering i to get into 
the nuclear Navy. But you'd 
better get moving fast. May 
15th is the deadline for this 
year's Navy Nuclear Propul-
ion Candidate Program. 

The Navy can give you 
th most compreh n ive 
nuclear training pos ible. 
Because w operate over half 
the nuclear reactors in 
Am rica. We start by giving 
you a year of advanced engi-
ne ring technology. This 
would cost you thuusand in 

graduate chool, but in the 
Navy, we pay you. 

Once you're commissioned 
as aNa vy Nuclear Officer, 
you'll earn a top salary. Over 
$24,000 a year after four 
years. And you'll get practical 
experience on the most 
advanced nuclear equipment 
devi ed by man. All the Navy 
asks in return is that you 
erve for 3 year on active 

duty upon completion of your 
training. 

But r m mb r, May 15th 
i the d adline for thi year's 
clas . If you are majoring in 

NAW OFFICER. . 

engineering, math or physi-
cal sciences, find out from 
your local placement office 
when a Navy recruiter will 
be on campus. Or call toll free, 
800-841-8000 (in Georgia, 
800-342-5855) for more 
information. If you're still a 
junior, ask about the 
Navy' NUPOC Collegiate 
Program, which pays you up 
to $6,000 during your nlOr 
year. And hurry. Tim and 
tide wait for no man. 

IT'S NOT JUST A IOB,IT'S AN ADVENTURE. 

Monday, May t, 1m 


