
Claims Credit for Release of Thousands 
Amnesty Group Works to Free Political Prisoners 

byM-CBrleD 
StIIIf Writer 

release, a petition signed by over 3000 citizens was sent to 
both Senator Alan Cranston and Representative Uonel Van 
Deerlin, in the hopes that they might bring governmental 
pressure to bear on the case. The response of Van Deerlin 
was termed "fantastic" while the performance of Cranston 
was seen a.s considerably less thap enthusiastic. 

"surprisingly good." "When we're alleging all over the world 
that they 're (the countries) acting in a cruel way, it em-
barrasses them," said Mark Grantham, a spokesman At this very moment, extensive paychological and physical 

torture is being applied to prisoners in over .0 countries -
prisoners who in many cases are referred to as "prisoners of 
conscience," those who have been arrested only because of 
their ethnic backgrounda, or conscientious beliefs; prisoners 
who have never used or advocated violence. 

To combat these human injustices, Amnesty International 
(A!), a 70,000 member group active in 65 countries, was 
formed in 1961 to pressure governments into releasing the 
"prisoners of conscience" and improve the overall conditions 
of prisOns in general. 

The American Embassy in Argentina has learned that 
Goldfarb is being detained in the Villa Devoto prison, but tbe 
exact reason for her arrest is still not known. As for the iail 
she is being held in, Sutherland termed it "very bad." 
Visitors have told J>f seeing horrible sanitary conditoins, 
torture, and extreme crowding. 

Curr~ntly AI ~ aski~g Congress not to give foreign aid to 
countries torturing prISOners. Sutherland noted negatively 
that ~hile Kis~inger was the Secretary of State, "any country 
considered Vital to our security received foreign aid, 
regardless of how they treated human beings." 

Sutherland hopes that US policy will change with the new 
Administration, and to further this end, Wendy Turnbull an 
AI member, will meet with Carter and his Cabinet next w'eek 
in. th.e ho~s of persuading the President and Cyrus Vance, 

K~ssmger s successor, to reverse the current policy. Turnbull 
Will relate the results of her trip in a talk at the Revelle 
FonnaILoungeat7 :30pmonFeb. IO. 

AI operates by giving out names of prisoners to various 
"Action Groups," who in tum demand the individual's 
release from the detaining government. At l1CSD, such an 
Action GroUp exists. Madeline Sutherland, coordinator of the 
group, noted the ov~rall effectiveness of AI, saying it had 
"secured the release of thousands of prisoners." 

The climate that prompted an estimated 1000 political 
deaths in Arge~tina in the two and a half months following 
Peron's coup is not seen as unusual in the current world 
situation. Thus, in such countries, the atmosphere of brutal 
torture is not surprising. The many methods of torture are 
denounced by wide AI circulation and "reminders" of the 
Universal Declaration of Hwnan Rights, a charter passed by 
the UN in 1948, which stated that "no one shall be subjected to 
torture or to ctuel, inhuman or degrading treatment or 

The UCSD extension of AI urges those interested in joining 
the organization to attend Turnbull's lecture or call 
Sutherland at 436-9680. They finnly believe that more 
prisoners can be freed by mobilizing an even greater number 
of people so that collectively more pressure might be brought 
upon the offending gover.unents. 

WorkiDI for Release Of PrIsoDera 

punishment. " . 
PresenUy the UCSD action group is working on the case of 

Dora Goldfarb, an Argentinian judge arrested shortly after 
the overthrow of Isabel Peron. In working for Goldfarb's AI's effectiveness in dealing with such situations is seen as 

In the meantime, AI in San Diego still works to free Dora 
Goldfarb. 

. 

COU nci I may / 
Advise Bike 
Shop ·Closure . 

by Joel C. Don 
Associate News Editor 

Next Wednesday the san Diego 
City Council will consider a 
resolution from its rules coni-
mittee that the city recommend 
closure of the UCSD Bike Shop. 

In a 3-2 decision, the committee 
voted for closure of the Bike Shop 
based on the arguments from local 
bicycle shop owners. . The local 
owners contend that the Bike Shop 
creates unlair comoetitioo in an 
institution supported by their state 
tax dollars. 

Local owners claim that the Bike 
Shop sells merchandise at 10 to 20 
percent discounts in an 
"aggressive" marketing ' cam-
paign, despite the fact the Bike 
Shop does not advertise. They also 
cite the disparity in taxation, In-
sisting that local businessmen 
must pay inventory and property 
taxes, with the Bike Shop being 
excluded due to its location on 
university property. 

How They Voted 
In support of the recom-

mendation were City CounCil 
members Gil Johnson and Lee 
Hubbard and Mayor Wilson. 
Council members Maureen 
O'Conner and Leon Williams voted 
against closure of the Bike Shop. 

"The purpose of the university is 
education," CouncU member ' 
Johnson said, adding that "the 
request was a reasonable one. 
They (the local bicycle shop 
owners) object to competition they 
can't meet in a shop which pays no 
salaries, rent or uUlities," he said. 

Larry Rairden, a representative 

Valentine's 
Personals! 

Valentine's personals, a fact of 
life, wiD soon be back. 

Ali next week in the 1'1' Office. 
located in the southwest corner of 
the Student Center, you can spout 
words of love, up to 100 spaces, for 
ten cents. 

The pel'lOl\8ls will be printed 
Feb. 14, Valentlne'sday. 

Clara Teyssier works on a bike wheel at the UCSD Bike Shop. City Council 
members may recommend th'at the University close down the shop. 

. ASv.Coopv.Ca~in~t In 
. Upcoming Referendum 

by Wesley Wada 
Staff Writer 

Four comprehensive questions and three student government models 
will be considered by students in the upcoming student referendum, now 
set for March 24. 

The fdur questions include a student controlled natural food restaurant, 
desks made especially for left-handed people to be installed in 
classrooms; the preference of either quarter or semester systems and a 
petition concerning'the present situation of the communications program 
on campus. 

The three student goverrunent models are the Student Cooperative 
Union, the Associated Students at UCSD (ASUCSD) and the Cabinet-
Assembly model. 

The UCSD Elections Board met Monday to discuss the upcoming 
referendum. Plans to infonn the student body of the issues presented on 
the ballot were disc~sed . Also discussed were ways to promote voter 
turnout . -

Promote Awareness 
A series of events have been tentatively planned in order to promote 

student awareness of the issues. Events include a meeting of the Student 
Cooperative, a Fourth College debate, a Muir open forum, and a Third 
College "Get Out the Vote" drive. 

Conflict within the board arose over a petition titled the Comprehensive 
Referendum Petition. This petition acquired the necessary 250 signatures 
but failed to comply with the Election Board's guidelines requiring 
submission of a pro and con statement. 

A letter protesting the board's guidelines was submitted by Victor 
Bloomberg and Mongtomery Reed. With respect to the alleged failure to 
comply with guidelines, the letter read, "Argumentation in a separate 
fonn should have no bearing on the ballot's content. A series of o~ded 
opinionS, cranked out by me or anyone else, will not make the ballot any 
better. Your action will be appropriate in one instance. Publish the ballot, 

Continued on Page 7 
from the Bike Shop, disagrees with 

. the arguments which led to the 
conunittee decision. Tickets Free at Alumni Office 

"Running the Bike Shop is an 
educational experience because we 
are learning how to run a 
business," Rairden said. "The 
local owners don't care if we 
require student IDs for pur-
chases," he added, "they just want 
to see us closed. " 

According to Rairden, the Bike 
Shop pays $120 in rent and $3.10-
$3.45 per hour in regular salaries. 

. Members of other student 
business organizations have also . 
expresSed concern over the plight 
of the Bik~ Shop. 

•• It will affect all the coops," said 
Lincoln Cushing of the Print Coop. 
"We're concerned that a ruling to 
close the Bike Shop would r)18ke it 
impossible for any other coop to 
exUlt and serve the students. " 

The committee's decision places 
the issue on the agenda of the full 
City Council and the next step will 
be a vote from the Council on Feb. 
9, and although the City Council 
has no jur"diction over the 
University of California, their final 
decision wiD be sent · to the UC 
Regents for action. 

University officials decline to 
comment on the .lwation peading 
current deHverations with City 
Council repreaentativ •. 

They did, however, expresa 
concern that a City Council 
recommendation for closure of the 
Bike Sbop and subiequeN UC 
Regent agreement could set a 
precedent for all UC cempuses and 
their respective student business 

arpnIuti~. 

DNA Research Debate Set for Saturday 
Recombinant DNA research, 

a subject of international 
controversy, will be debated 
Saturday from 10 am to 1 pm in 
·the Mandeville Auditorium. 

Titled "The Recombinant 
DNA Controversy: A Public 
Forum," the debate wiD con-
sider the potential benefits and 
hazards as well as the im-
plications of the research. 

Donald Helinski, professor of 
biology at UCSD and project 
director for DNA research will 
speak in an advocacy position, 
and Rob.ert Sinsheimer, 
chairman of the biology division 
at California Institute of 
Technology, will speak as a 
leading critic of the research. 

Helinski and Sinsheimer will 
each be given 30 minutes to 
make opening position 
statements followed by five-
minute rebuttals to the others 
statements. 

Additionally, a five-member 
response panel wlll direct 
questions to the scientists for a 
one-hour period following the 
opening statements. 
Dlstilllulliled Pallel Members 
The panel members include 

Douglas Simay, a resident at 
University Hospital and 
member of Citizens for Safe 
IWearch; (''Ufford Grobstein, 
biologist and vice ctanctllor of 

University Relations; Harold 
Simon, executive secretary of 
the Chancellor's Special 
Biohazards Committee 
(CSBC); Meredith Somero, 
protessor of biology, and Mike 
Madigan, representative from 
Mayor Wilson's office and 
member of the CSBC. 

After the formal panel 
discussion, the forum will be 
open to the public and the 
debaters will respond to 
questions from the audience. 

According to Tom Shepard, 
moderator of the debate, Sin-
sheimer and Helin~ki represent 
two points~f-view within a 
" much wider spectrum of 
opinion." 

" I think it's very important 
that they have a chance to 
challenge each others 

• assumptions," Shepard said, in 
reference to the major opening 
presentations by Helinski and 
Sinsheimer. "I also feel its 
important to present the 
audience with an accurate 
picture of the multitude 0( 
differing opinions," he said. 

Will the public forum be a real 
debate, with spontaneous 
confrontation? 

"We have decided against a 
simple debate format. " 
Shepard responded, explaining 
that it would be difficult due to 

the " wide spectrum of views on 
the recombinant DNA con-
troversy. " 

Large Public Interest 
Public interest in the con 

troversy has been " over-
whelming," said Shepard 
noting that the Alumni Office 
has already given away more 
than 900 tickets for the 800-seat 
auditorium. 

"By having a chance to hear 
the asswnptions that underlie 
each of the conflicting opinions 
about the research," Shepard 
asserted, "peop:e will be able to 
arrive at some informed 
opinions of their own." 

A similar recombinant DNA 
debate was held this past fall 
quarter at UCLA, with over 400 
people hearing Bernard Davis 
of the Harvard Medical School 
spea ing for the advancement 
of Euch research and Sin-
s~er speaking in opposition 
to the research . 

Sinsheimer argued that new 
pal dh.., Prl 
'while Davis stated that the 
chances of a hazardous bac-
terium being created and 
released into th environment 
were " infinitesimal." 

-Joel C. Doa 



................ . ....... , ...... , .. ." 

Com~'ntary . ' . 
Bakke vs. UC Regents: A Landmark Casel 

by Dr: David Sa._ possibility despite handicapped educataoo.! backgrounds. 
Wlthin &be nat leval weeki the United States Supreme And the Impact in CaUfornia can't be meuured simply in 

Court will decide whether to accept for tuM what may weD tenns of one stat~ in 50. ,California, after aD, hal 10 percent of 
be the most important cue involving edDcation since Brvn the country's population. california enrolls seven percent of 
v. BeanI .. Ethaeau. in 19M. '!be case in question Is BUb the country's ~edical and dental students, for example, and 
v. Rep .. II tile UJllvenlty of CaIIfenta. 12 percent of its law students. 

The cue concerns the conatituUonality of minority ad- Moreover, California's Supreme Court is far more in-=~ns and~prof=~ so ~ha~tegratheyte ~rc::~ fluential than simply one high tribunal in 50. Its status as the 
high court for the most populous state, its distinguished 

segmentS of society. Bakke, a caucasian, aUeges that the UC reputation, and the fact that its rulini Is the most recent on 
Davis medical school discriminated against him by denying this issue would surely exert a chIDing effect on minority 
him admisslon wblle admitting minority applicants "not 18 admissions programs throqhout the country 
qualified" as he. The University responds that a great many Some people have argued that the case Is ~t a "good" one 
applicants !"'~ fully qualified and that the University hid either because of the particular admluions program in-
the responsIbility to choose from among them those students volved or because of tbe conduct of the case by.the Resents' 
who w~ best serve the needs of the . sebool. and the ., attorneys, and that a Supreme Court review should awalt a professi~, including the important need of integration. "better" case. I must point out that the University had no 

Bakke s plea was upheld in the lower co~ and the part in selecting this case _ it waa instituted by Bakke. 
University hal !Appealed the case .to the nation s IUghest Would not minority groups have protested strongly had the c~. ThI; stage ~ Utus set for a poMIble landmark decision. . University" declined to contest the iniUaI suit? Had we not 

1111s . brief recital ~ facts only hints at the ~~plex and pursued the appeal, wouM not minority silt months or 
searching legal questio~ and the profoundly difficult issue!' a year from now protest about to admit 
of human rights and justice underlying Ute Bakke case. And 
these questions are further complicated by intense debate 
over whether ~e case should have been appealed to tbe 
Supreme Court in the first place. .-

The University's appeal was filed by tile Board of Regents. 
I urged them to do so. The Regent's case is being conducted 
by the board's General Counsel. Although I am only one 
member of the board, my responsibilities as University 
President make it appropriate that I give my views on this 
important case. 

Dav id Saxon is the President of 
the Un iversity of California . 

When the University began preparing its appeal to the 
highest court, we were immediately urged from two very 
different quarters not to proceed. One consisted of those 
persons who disapproved of our admissions program and 
were satisfied with the California court's decision. Indeed, 
some thought it was long overdue. The other came from some 
of the very minority groups who had a great stake in such 
admissions programs and who, in the minds of many, stood 
to gain most from a successful appeal. What they argued was 
that they had even more to lose If an appeal failed: an ad-
verse decision on minority admissions now confined to 
California would be extended throughout the nation. 

The Regents found the minority groups' concerns entirely 
understandable, but concluded that tlle reasons for pursuing 
the appeal were compelling. 

The Regents are established in the state Constitution as 
public trustees to govern the University of California for the 
citizens of the state. While cognizant of Ute nationwide im-
pact of their actions, they owe their first responsibilities to 
the people of California. The Regents felt they had no right to 
sacrifice the entitlement of Californians to the fuDest 
possible judicial hearing on a matter aHectlng so many 
citizens of the State. . 

If an appeal had not been filed, the University and other 
California institutions would by now have had to dismantle or 
substantiaUy revise some or most of their minority ad-
missions programs and perhaps other minority assistance 
programs as )VeU - there is an understandable lack o( con-
sensus about the full extent of the state court's ruling. This 
would have been a crushing blow to the many minority 
students now working hard in high schools and colleges in the 
hope that access to professional training is_ a realistic 

more minority students? The hard facts are that the 
case does exist, though not through the University's In-
stigation, and that its consequences will not go away while we 
wait for some ideal case. 

The Regents' highly competent legal staff has been further 
buttressed by two additional attorneys for the Supreme Court 
appeal - both of them eminenUy qualified in constitutional 
law and, moreover, experienced with minority admissions 
programs through their connection with the Berkeley 
campus School of Law. 

Some have argued that the Regents shouid add a minority 
counsel to the Bakke case staff. This approach would have 
the virtue .of providing direct mi,nority Q8rticip'ation 10 a case 
of great importance to minorities. Another alternative is for 
all groups, ethnic or otheJ;Wise, deeply concerned about the 
case to submit " fric::nd of the court" legal briefs which they 
can prepare as they believe most persuasive without the 
necessity of compromise to acconunodate views of other 
counselors on the slaffs of the principals. I have no doubt the 
Supreme Court will give these "amicus" briefs the . most 
scrupulous attention. rn the DeFWlis case, 26 amicus briefs 
were submitted by groups and institutions across the 

COIpItry, some by the nation's most distinguished legal 
scholars. ThIs alternative approach would have the virtue of 
bringing to Ugtt the full spectrum of arguments conducive to 
a SOtBId decision. 

There is one more reason why the Univenity Is ~ 
with its appeal, and that one "!8IOn can stand~: we 
beUeve our admissions poUciejl are legally and manUy 
proper. 

I TIle line. III die Case 
The debate over the terribly complex Issues surrounding 

minority admissions programs has divided tbe best lepl and 
academic minds since the advent of thae PfOII'UDIin the 
late 19808 and early 117Os. Universities are on the ftrlng line. 
However difficult the issues, decisions must be made 80 tbat 
admissions can take place. To retain a traditional admlMlOll8 
procedure of long standing Is not to relJ)8in neutnlj It Is to 
make a decision. ·To revise the procedure to try to make it 
more responsive to' current needs Is to make a d1ffereM 
decision. Admissions conunittees OIl the campuses of this 
University and indeed at institutions all over the country are 
devising and testing a variety of approaches to this difficult 
problem. In a society undergoing great change, as 01U'S Is, 
the very diversity and <;reativity of UtIs search for responsive 
and responsible admissions polleies have obvious value and 
should be hainpered as little as possible: 

The admissions problem is complicated further by the fa~ 
that there are extraordinary nmnbers of applicants for the 
available places. At the pavis Medical SchO<,)I, 2,&K ap-
plicants sought Ute 100 places in 1973 and 3,737 in Urrt, the 
years. when Mr. Sakke applied. No matter how choices are 
made, Ute same large numbers of st~nts are doomed to 
bitter disappoinbnent of career hopes and dreams, and some 
of them will believe they were unfairly treated. 

AdmiSsions committees are thus faced wiUt two tasks: 
first, to determine which of the many applicants are 
qualified, and then to determine which of those qualified 
should be selected for the relatiyely few available places. 
. A student is considered qualified who is judged likely to 
succeed in profeSSional school and in the entry testing for 
professional practice. To make this judgment, admissions 
conunittees look at past grade point averages, professional 
school entrance test scores, and evidence of motivation and 
persistence. Those applicants identified as qualified will 
naturally have a spread of grade point averages and test 
scoreSj nevertheless, all "will be considered fuDy qualified. In 
other words, no student will be admitted who is thought 
lUIlikely to succeed - the cost is too great in waste of scarce 
and costly resources and in devas~ting human impact in the 
event offailure. 

The final selection of students from among Ute qualified 
applicants is the crux of the issue. For many years, the 
selection was based primarily on the highest grade point 
averages and test scores, in the belief that this would assure 
practitioners wiUt a high degree of professional knowledge 
and teclmical skill . However, this basis of selection, judging 
from Ute reSults, has given preference to ·students with the 
best educational opportunities and the most academically 
supportive family and cultural backgrounds - in short, . 
middle- and upper-class white students. Although no one 
intended it that way, it produced in the medical field, for 
example, a generally segregated body of medical students 
and a profession with severe shortages of minority 
physicians and severe maldistribution of medical services 
favoring wealthier, largely white communities at the ex-
pense of poorer, heavily minority communities. This 

. maldistribution contributes to the. significanUy shorter life 
Conthlued OR Page 3 

················~·~·········mCleiir··avei·· 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~ ••••••••••••••• ~ •••••••• ~ 

. . coupons 
·r················~················~~~··········~ .. ····. 1 pound of cashew 1 Pound of Almonds YOGURT 29 '" :' _~~ 

StudentSpecMl pieces only only CONES • ' ~\~'~- " 
• B ring th is coupon in for a • 89 . • . ,\ w ..... , ••• \ 
• de l ici ous s o'yburger or . ~ or 1 29 • . . S-' '1"},00 ........ 'ct. A_~I~ I .~ ... c_\ 
• s unb urger a nd a l emonade • • •• ~ -...., 
• 

(for o nly) '. • IUII/ttIr4t AAAI j-.WM. ""vtt Veget Ifilln Restaurant ..".. ,_,--r 
• 47C8VoltalreSt. 99 (8l. Natural Foods-. . .147~GimetAve. · 

Oce;m.Beach. CA . IRegular pnce: St.7D.1 
Ph( rn , 224·AA:.\!)'" store hours: 

by Safeway in La Jolla 10:30 il.m.·10:oo p.m. 

• ·····M······· .~NGHl: . 
•• ~ ....... ChiJe R.Ueno 'flti 
= V Tamale Enchil4lda ' .. . 
• T~co 
• offer ~ $199 IncltHI.,. rice, 
• witII thl' lid tori .. , Mttt, 

\. 

5752 II JoIhlilYd. (Bird Roc') 
459·2575 

••••••••••••••• 

••••••••••• 
YOGURT29'" CONES • 

S- ~'".J, 
"'*r4t ~ I-JIM ,.,,. 

• • • p ...... . ' ,-

: ~~ , , 
' '!.~ I ,~ 
, ............ , 1---1 • • 

-BUENOS 
-OIAS · ~ ...... 1470 Garnet Ave. • ...... __ • 

• ••• MIXICAN DINNII 
• 8EAN & CHEESE 8URRITO .erved 

.picy or mild! 
• Our Super ~·Ib. ALL MEAT TACO 
• Cri.p Homemade TORTillA CHIPS 
• 8ueno. Oia, HOT SAUCE 

ALL FOR ONE DOLLARI 
limit ~ dinne .. per coullon. plea,e, 

store hOurs: I 2~:~ri,~Plr .. .~~;;;;;; ........ .::;~ .• ~;;;~;~;~. 

.' 

o 

Wecl8e-', reInuJ It 1m 

Saxon-
[Continued from Page 2] 

spans and higher infant mortality rates for some minorities If! this 
country. 

And so a nmnber of schools have been reconsidering their methods of 
deciding which quallfled applicants to admit. They may select some for 
their outstanding acadeJpic recorda, others for evidence of broad rapport 
with people of of commitments to public service, ~d still others for their 
expressed interest in certain medical specialties or for servic~ in certain 
geographical areas. And some may be ~hosen to redress the ~gh degree 
of segregation of Ute medical profeSSIon or because ~f. their declared 
intent to brjng medical services to people a.nd commurutles now grossly 
underserV'ed, including the ghettos and barriOS. 

The majority i~ the Slate supreme Court apparently did not gr~sp the 
essential difference bet ween qualification and selection .of appl~can~s, 
and thus concluded that the program in question admitted m100rlty 
students "not as qualified" as Mr. Bakke. In his eloquent and well-
reasoned dissent, Justice Tobriner declared: 
This is simply not th~ case. The record eslablishes that all the students 
accepted by the medical school. are fu~y .qualUied for the stud~ of 
medicine. By adopting the speCial admISSion . program, .the medic~l 
school has indicated that 10 its judgement differences In ac~e~c 
credentials among qualified applicants are not the sole nor be~t criterIOn 
for judging how qualified an applicant.is in tenos o~ his potential to make 
a contribution to the medical profeSSion or to satisfy needs of both the 
medical school and the medtcal profession that are not being met by other 
students. 

Just Tobriner added the significant observation that courts have 
always respected a coUege or professional school's ...... . : ... 

q,nUoued OR Page' 

BIG SALE· 
-

, .. 

..!!!!!!I!!II!! I . _' 
, - I 

. . .. 

Sanyo 400 
II's a best buy . There ,s noth,ng like 
11 for «hiS prIce . Min to-stereo cassette 
player. full tanp- o bal.ance . volume 
control. fast forward, elect. 

On Sale $38.89 

Listen to this oner s.nyo·1 
AM/FM Quene player with 
small chaslis. Idjust.bl. thafll. 
a Ioc:al/dillanee .witch. fait 
fo.-d, and a comple" l ·y.ar 
warra"tyl 
Mfg. 1111 _ $129. 

On Sa .. '88.8e 

Pioneer 183 
Get beautIful nch try~ t al clear sound 
from these P,oneer 163 flush mount 
speaker s. 

On Sale $8.89 

Audlovox 
Audiovox C917 AM /F M a· track 
has 6 big _II AMS per channel 
and '.atures an extremely sensitive 
FM. and a l ·y •• r parts and labor 
warranty . Styl.d 10k. a rad,o to 
prevent theft I Back by popular 
demand. MIg. lost __ , $133.95 . 

On .... S8~88 

DIKOUMT AUTO' SOUND . 
1841 c.n.t, Pac:,fIc Beach 

OPPOSITE GOODYEAR 272·9350 
INSTALLATION AND REPAIR 

............. os 

Revelle Seniors 
Join the 

Graduation Committee 
. Feb. 2 at 5:00 at 

The Revelle Provost's Office 
Everyone Invited 

Help choose our graduation speaker. 

Stuart Grant, O.D . will give a lecture and film 
presentation o n 

Orthokeratology * 
and the practice of Optometry on T hursday. Feb . 3. at 
7 p m in the N orth C onference Room at the Student 
Center . 

• • • • • • • 

• Orthokeratology: A technique thai corrects vision 
defects by slo wly changillg the shape of the cornea 
through the use of contact lenses . 

"I don't have to 
battle freeways 
. and traffic ... 

I don't have 'to park in the city. 
It's less expensive than qirlines an~ 
more convenient. So I rzde the tram all 
the time, whenever ~ can. II " 
Carolyn Forche. San Diego 

Try the train 
·to Los Angeles. 

SOUTHBOUND 
Los Sa'n Juan San 

Angeles Fullerton Santa Ana Capistrano C:emente OceanSide Del Mar San DIego 
eJCnm 90Som 9218m 94Dam 1009.m 10 290m '1051m 

10 300m II OSom 11218m " 49am 1209pm 1229pm 10Spm 
410pm 445pm 5Dlpm 52 1p." S49pm 6090m 645pm 
820prn e S5pm 91 1pm 9 3 1pm 959pm 1019pm 10SSpm 

NORTHBOUND 
San San Juan Los 

San Oiego Del Mar Ocea~side Clemente Capislrano Sanla Ana Fu"erton Angeles 
. 700lm 7 lOam 7 Slim 8 lOam 8421m 9 00 • ." 935.m 

lOOpm 130pm 151pm 2 I ?pm 242pm 300pm 335pm 
430pm SOOpm 521p'" 542pm GI2pm 630pm 70Spm 

850pm 9 II pm 940pm 100?pm 
, O2Opm 10S5pm 820prn 

ThiS servIce Is financed In part bV th California Departmenl of Transportation 
No reservallons reqUIred For more Informat,on ca1l S24-01 71 In Los Ang!ll Qr 
800-648-3850 outside Los Angeles. 

Con tact CI EE Student Travel SeNlen 052· 3\) 



... ,14 

"Netw rk" Worth the Price; 
liKing ong" Lacks Suspense 

&y RaDdy Weblter 
Staff Writer 

PIak PaDdler Strikes Apia: Pink Panther strikes out if you are at all 
farni\iar with tM Pink Panther series. If, however, you are not, the movie 
is a diverting cartoon not worth the $3.50, or so, demanded of first-run 
films. Wait until it hits the cheapies and or hit on the bargain hour. Better 
yet, wait until It is bought by television. . 

Flesh Gordob: Soft-porn Space Opera at its most offensive while 
dazzling in its occasional special effects. Socially aware women avoid at 
all costs . Anyway, the star is hamwome. I saw it twice to get a good look 
at him. 

Network: A suspicious indictment of corporate television. The script Is 
the star (Chayevsky ) sharing the billing with the superb acting. Subtle 
role-reversal should please those who split a gut at typical male/female 
sub-division relegation of roles. Well worth seeing. 

KIng Koog: Wait until it hits the Friday Night Movie on television. The 
commercials could relieve the lack of s uspense. The movie has about as 
much tension as a rubber band wrapped around your newspaper. The 
movie's outcome has aU the suspense of a laxative junkie ; you know 
what's going to ha ppen, so why bother . Sonny a nd Cher make for better 
entertainment for the bored . At least the 'beauty' of that duo is taller than 
the 'beast .' r--------------------------, I ' . 
I ;; 9 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

NEED_ MONEY? 
W.I' • JOB WITH FLElla! HOURS? 

"BE A BARTEIiDER" 
Learn anew, exciting career that pays well and can be 

used_ while going to college. Morning, arternoon and 
evening classes available to fit your schedule. 

Make a call to change your life. 
CaU"Steve" or "Dennis" Hours 9, a.m. to 10 p.m. 

American Bartenders School 
1357 • 7th Ave San Diego CA. 92101 

triton times 

John Cage Interpreted 
\ Those of you who have wondered 

what makes a "prepared" pi8l\0, 
often used in the performance of 
contemporary music, will have a 
chance to find out in a free lecture 
demonstration presented by noted 
pianist Richard Bunger, under the 
auspices of the UCSD music 
department, Thursday, at noon in 
the Mandeville Center Recital 
Hall. 

Bunger- will discuss and 
demonstrate the preparation of an 
ordinary piano in which small 
mutes; such as bolts, nllts, pieces 
of rubber or ' felt, are placed to 
trunsform it intf,l a percussion 
instrument. -

Bunger first encountered and 
performed John Cage 's "The 
Perilous ' Night ," Suite for 
Prepared Piano, in 1966. In the 
years since, his dedication to 20th-
century American music has 
steadily intensified. 

His efforts to bring new music to 
the serious listener have resulted 
in premieres of works by George 
Rochberg, Oily Wilson, Morton 
Subotn ick, Henri Lazarof, Barney 
Childs, and many others. His 
fasci na t ion with turn-of-t he-
century salon a rt has given us 
lively revivals of s uch defiant 
masterworks as Blind Tom's 
" Battle of Manassas" and "Paul 
Revere's Ride " by E.T. Paull. . 

And his continuing regard for the 
genius of Cage has led to 
publication of " The Well-Prepared 
Piano" (1973 ), ' just recently 
seFiali~ed in Japanese and 
currently in extensive revision; to 
numerous treatises on notation ; 
and even to a special music rack 
which allows the new breed of 
pianist easy access to the old. 

Notable among Bunger's 
growing list of recordlnp are "The 
Perilous Night and Other New 
Sounds in American Music" and 
his perfpnnance of OIly Wilson's 
vivid concerto "Akwan" with the 
Baltimore Symphony (Columbia 
MasterwOlb M-33434.) 

The Pennsylvanla-born, Obern. 
educated mUllclan baa "" ...... 'oti'JM 

Pia nist Richard Bunger 

from coast-to-coast on the North 
American college and university 
circuit, has recorded for the SSC, 
RIAS, Norwegian , ORTF, and 
Pacifica broadcasting facilities, 
has appeared as soloist in the 
Hollywood Bowl and Opera 
Comique , and offered new con-
certos with the " Ensemble de 
Musique Contemporaine de Paris,f 
and the Denver, National, and 
Baltimore symphonies, among 
others. 

Santana:New Man, New Band 

Carlos San'tana and his band will 
be performing in concert tonight a t 

Golden Hall. The tour is in con-
junction with the release of his 
·newe~t LP, entitled FesUval. 

Festival shows Santana's move 
back from jazz experimentation to 
a more direct music and reflects 
basic changes in his thinking over 
the past year. It's a new Santana 
who says, " The thing I really feel 
strongly about now is simplicity." 
But what Santana strives for in his 
show is not always innovation , but 
more of an energetic and exc iting 
fee ling. " It 's the duty of the 
musician to bring joy ... 

• • • 

The richest pu rveyors of heavy 
metal rendundancy, Led Zeppelin, 
sold out the Sports Arena in record 
time. 

To o~tain tickets now, begging, 
borrowmg or stealing may be in 
order. Sell your soul for rock and 
roll ! 

You ·have . CdD" . plenty of .~ .. F15 
t - - t ... - ... IIIq .. Ime 0 I ........... ...., 
study in 
college ••• 
don't you? 
Not It you re haVing trouble With some regu -
tar ly aSSi gned lexls But don 't despair Help 
IS as-close as your college bookstore In the 
to rm ot Wiley Selt· TeachIng GUides These 
are real k ys to Knowledge presented In a 
self ' lnstructoonal tormat They can teach 
you anyth ing trom genetics to how to use 
your to brary more effec tovely to oncreaslng 
your knowledge ot chemistry to sharpenIng 
your study skills 
. ' STUDY SKILLS Carman & Adams (53 95) 
• QUICK CALCULUS Kleppner (5495) 
• QUICKHAND~ Glassman (53 95) 
• STATISTICS Koosls ($4 95) 
Ju.t think wh.t JOU c.n do with the " •• dom ••. 

UNIVERSITY ~00KST~RK: 
Ut,." , __ r.d ...... .. S .... D .... 

h ..In!" , . h l NOt) 
"'- '" I 'lt1 ,"0 

I ...... -.t ot 

by Tim Maekeazle 
Arts EdItor 

The Electric Ught Orc 
concert at the Sports Arena 
night will be tough to beat 
comes time to talk of concerts of 
year. The band came through 
the consummate performance, 
visually as well as 
highlighted by the s tunning use 
laSers. 

The performance started on a 
point with Jeff Lynne 
searing guitar riffs on 
High," the opening track 
ELO's Face The Music LP. 
there the band followed with 
other tracks from Face The 
" Poker'" and "Nightrider." 
point the show had been 
yet quite predictable. It needed 
extra spark to really set it off. 

The spark came "in the form 
cellist Hugh' McDowell, who 
fonned a brilliant solo while 
bombarded by laser Ii 
McDowell's fine solo effort 
followed later in the show 
violinist Mik Kaminski's solo. 
received tremendous 
which 'they deserved. But 
importantly, they served as 

. -excellent ~hange"()f llace while at 

••••••••••• 

ue sd th • • • 
• 
• • ED BULLINS' 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
.' • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

~Iis 

.DIRECTED 

time giving a rock audience a 
I music education. 

remarked "Mik is so shy 
every time he does his solo, we 

have to egg him on to take an 
bow. The crowd will be go~ng 

and he'll say 'they didn't like it , 
they?' and we have to force him 

around the stage one more 
." Of cellist McDowell, 

Bev Bevan says " He gets 
thing of 'I'm a laser.' It took 

time to convince him that 
wear dark glasses during 

to protect his eyes. " 
off their set with a 

was eerfonned so well as 
World Record, .including 

," " Telephone Line," 
" and the hit singles 

, and "Do Ya ." The 
for two encores, " Ma 

Belle" and the ever-present 
Over Beethoven. " . 

of the few problems ELO 
to have, (it's an unusual 

was that each of the 
were perfonned so well as 

prevent a natural peak in the 
By the time they perfonned 
Over Beethoven" I was ' 
so high (of( of the music ) 

I jus t couldn ' t peak 
UU""II"lIY, that is,) despite seeing 

Melvyn Gale and Hugh McDowell 
hoist their cellos behind their heads 
while continuing to stroke away.' 

At any rate, this tour should 
confirm the Electric Light 
Orchestra as genuine superstars in 
the realm of popular music . They 
have metamorphisized from an art-
rock band to become the . best ex-
ponents of pop-rock in the world 
today. And while their new material 
is not as Dretentious as previous 
works, such as Eldorado, it is so 
damn infectious as to reduce the 
audie nce to a \;lunch of foot-
stomping, blithering idiots. 

Opening Sunday's concert was 
guitarist Steve Hillage, wl"\o turned 
in an extremely effective per-
formance. With a few good breaks, 
Hil1~ge could become one of the 
major guitarists of the la te seven-
ties. At any rate, his renditions of 
"Hurdy Gui'dy Man" and the 
Beatie's " It 's All Too Much" were 
superb . 

Also on the bill was F irefall , Jne of 
those conglomerate bands with a 
supposedly great rock n'roll history. 
They began their set with some fine . 
rockers , but soon became bogged 
down with neo-country ballads that 
took all of the luster from the set. . 
But for cowboys, they were OK. 

.rhUII.hIM'S 

"Miss Janie" 
to Open ~ 
"The Taking of Miss Janie" by 

Ed Bullins, which its director calls 
a "deeply human tragedy ... an 
admission of the failure of the 
children of the 60s to take ad-
vantage of opportunities for a more 
unified society," will open at 8 pm 
Thursday in the UCSD Theatre. 

" Janie," says director Dr 
Luther James, acting associate 
professor of drama, focuses at-
tention on a c rucial time in 
Amer ica's recent past when social 
'directions were clearly outlined in 
a manner in which they a re not 
today, 

"The 60s with their overt bat-
tles," explains James, " clarified 
American possibilities regarding 
values and directions. That clarity 
has faded since the confrontations 
have stopped. Battle lines were 
more clearly drawn then . The play 
is about tbe failure of the 
characters to overcome their own 
subjective weaknesses in order to 
work for solidarity. " . 

Appearing in t he UC San Diego 
production are: Carol Davis, 
junior , Muir College, Jame; 
Christopher Wellington, junior, 
Muir College , Monty; Marcia 
Robinson , graduate 'student, 
Peggy ; Dick Mynard, graduate 
student, Lonnie ; James Avery, 
senior. Third College, Len ; Susan 
Denaker, senior, Third College, 
Sharon ; Monica Hracks, non-
student, Flossy ; John W. Houston, . 
graduate student, Rick ; Steve 
Hagberg, graduate student, Mort 
Silberstein. 

Hey! All You 
Show-Biz 'Kids 
Audition Feb.6 

In an effort to provide a facility 
where latent showbiz talent at 
UCSD can have exposure, a Talent 
Night has been set for F ebruary 6, 
at 7 pm in building " C" of the 
Student Center. 

University programmers, local 
promote rs, and others of im-
portance will be in attendance . The 
idea is to showcase college talent. 
If the .attendance is good, the 
audience response positive and the 
performers st rong, the Talent 
Night will become a permanent 
fixture at UCSD. Students in-
terested in performing. should 
contact the organizers at the 
Student Center at 452-4022, or 452-
475-4 . 

• ••••••••••• 
• 

presents : 

UC San D~ego Campus Program Board Presents 
the San Diego premiere of 

• PROVOCATI~ DRAMA: 

• 3'Ue 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

.. 

A film 

• I'l'rt'ormances Feb & 8-13 at 8:00 pm 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•• 

Feblllary 3·:, 800 p rn 
February 5 ;1 00 p rn 
Mand VIII' AudItOrium 
EVf'nlngs 

Studcnts 51 :'0 

• 
in LJCSI) Theatre. 2.00. Genera153.50 

• 
. 'ur information. 1'1111"574 or 452-3791 

• 
••••••••••• •••••••••••• 

General Ad"'l sion S2 ~O 
Malon!'!" 

ludf'nt, 5 t LlO 
Gerw i al AdmiSSion 5200 

For Information call 452-4559--------· 

PageS 

A BARGAiN AT ANY PRicE 
EspEciAlly 2~ CENTS 

Learn About 
Osteopathic Medicine 

Thursday February Jrd, 7 :00-9:00 p.m. 
Informal Lounge, Revelle, near Book C<H>p. 

Dr. Fred Exner, D.O. 
Speaker and Demonstration 

ould you like to help 'run the University? 
STUDENT REGENT 

and nominating commission 
Appllcallons are now being lakon In lhe UCSO 
Associated Students ollice, second lloor of tho 
Norlh Studenl Cen ter. tor lhe position ot 
STUDENT REGENT. The person chosen will b. 
the third student 10 blleOme a vot ing member ot 
the UC Board ot Regents .• 

All curren tly enrolled studonls, who wlllaltend 
a UC campus n • • t year. are encouraged to 
apply. Time commitment and expert ise In 
statewide UC Issues allectlng students will be 
a major crltorlon In the selection process. 
These issu.. Include financial aids acJ. 
ministration, budgetary mailers, educa llonal 
quality. student . e,.,ic • •• affi rma tivo .ctlon. 
studontTlghts, and major toglslallon. 

, Application deadline Is February 11 , 19n, and 
all applieollons must be turned In 10 the 
Student Center oltice. Appl icants will be 
screened by two regional NOMINATING 
COMMISSIONI composed 01 one g""uot. 
from each campus . Students interested in 
so,.,lng on these commissi ons should also pick 
up applicat ions In the S.C. office . The deadline 
tor commission applicallons Is olso February 
4th. 

--~~~~L;' For further Inlormallon , contact J ell Merit. 
~ ANEX Olrector or Andy Schneider, Coordl""t ... 

452·4450. 

Lessons 
~ C.U,4ar.tin · GuIld · rendi'rJ • "Peaw'f • ~o$$tual\ 

• OvatiQl"l • "Dobro ~ AlIce,· Shur.e • 
509 So. Hwy 101 Encin itas 

753-1775 

It All 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

University City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego. CA 92122 

453-8030 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

459-9711 



/ 

..... • ........ 11IIrH 

MI:;Slurl TrClflSllJlSSIOn 
4 B'ake:; 

Saxon- Medical Student Suicide ' 
~per i liLing in : 
Dome~ti(, utomat ic and 
Standard - Iso complete 

Br ke Service 
SPECI:\lSTUDENT 

PRICES WITH AD AND 
I.D. fROM UCSD 

6131 Mi sion Gorlle Rd . 
2 Blocks North of 1-5 

283-6 116 

determination that such educational objectives as dlverslty In 8 atudelt 
body justify departure from adherence to strict objective academic 
credentials. . • 

It does seem ObviOUS that colleges and professional schools are 
generally better situated than the courts to ascertain the needs of their 
student bodies and the profeSliions. But checks are essential to prevent 
unfair treatment and invidious discrimination. 

For q_Uflcatloa, the major test Is .whether all or almost all students 
admitted do succeed. One other question remains: are there students 
with stiU lower formal academic credentials who also could succeed and 
so have a right to be in the pool of qualified applicants'! Admissions 
committees are aware of the need to take cautious risks in order to check 
on the proper cutoff points. 

by La .. Rlellkr 
Staff writer 

Richard Buckner, a second year 
UCSD Medical School student, was 
found asphyxiated of carbon 
monoxide poisonir)g in his car on 
the. morning of ,Jan, 'n . The San 
Diego coroner's office reported it 
to be a suicide. 

Buckner, who shared an apar-
tment with his girlfriend on 
Genessee Avenue, left for a class 
on campus Wednesday night, Jan. 

211. Hit girlfriend reported him 
miSSing at 7 am Thursday 
Buckner's location WBI diIcovered 
by a jogger "who became alerted 
when he 88w him lit hia car," said 
the coroner's report. Identification 
was found on his person. 

When asked to conunent on the 
development, a secretary of John 
Moxley, Dean of the UCSD medica) 
school, said " It Is not a medical 
school problem. It did not happen 
on campus." 

TIl 
TRiTOI TIMES 

IS lOOllllB FOR 
IFEW_D 

MEI.~. 

For selection from among qualified students, the test is whether 
choices are related to the current neetls of the school, the profession, and 
the public it serves, or whether they are made arbitrarily or capriciously 
without regard to those needs. 

The University's admissions programs meet both of these tests . The 
vast majority of students admitted, including minority students, are 
successfully completing their professional studies. Our methods of 
selection are addressing the important current need of the schools and 
the professions. We are convinced that our admissions programs would 
DOt meet the latter test if they were oot addressing the crucial need for' 
integration by including some qualified minority students among those 
selected. 

Coop OKs Winter Budgets' 
J 

by David Friedman obtained the necessary quorum 
Staff Writer and approved its Winter 

After a long and sometimes 
tumultuous meeting Monday night, 
the Student Cooperative Union 

or wome n to serve 
on the Triton's new Dynamic 

Sa les Force. 

Accordingly, we will pursue our case with the utmost determination, 
confident that the legitimacy of our admissions programs will be con-
finned by the nation's highest judicial authority. 

.' . 

t·trlton ID1CS 
C"II Garv between 9 :00 

and 12 at 452-3466 

I 
LIVE' ENTERTAINMENT 
and REFRESHMENTS 
in our upstairs Casino Lounge 
FREE PRIZES 
TRIPS TO LAKE TAHOE 
and MAMMOTH 

Gift Certificates fo,r Dinners, 
Records, Sporting Goods and 
much more 

$1 DONATION REOUESTEo 

• 

In case anyone decided after 
reading Monday's article on 
Dartmouth exchange students, 
that they'd like to visit that 
school, we'd like to point out an 
error in the story. Dartmouth 
College is not located ' In 
Hanover, Massachusetts, but in 
Hanover, New Hampshire. 

The Triton Times regrets the 
error. . 

Saturday,. February 5th 
8 P.M. to 12:30 A.M. 

UCSD GYM 

FREE GAMBLING 
CASINO GAMES 

Blackjack· Craps 
KENO 

Wheel of Fortune 
. 

Roulette AND Poker 
DONATIONS FROM 

AIR. 
CALIFORNIA 

, 

Sponsored by UCSD Physical Education Department 
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY 

Programming Budget, freeing 
funds for a broad spectrum of 
campus organizations. 

. The session also produced 
numerous items of interest, In-
cluding a resolution against .the 
Bakke decision, approval of 
measures aimed at instigating a 
review of the Triton Times' record 
as a student journal, information 
concerning an increase in the 
Student Center Fee and an-
nouncement of vacancies in many 
University-wide committees. 

Repeated efforts in past' 
meetings to: approve the budget 
failed for lack of the required 
quorum of 30 voting members,'lhe 
Co-op gained the bare minimum 
with a final tally showing 26 people 
in favor of the disbursement of 
funds , with four abstentions. 

Much of tile {:o-op meeting was 
devoted to a discussion and 
ultimate resolution concerning the 
Triton Times. Coop members 
charged that a petition dealing 
with pertinent University 
questions, intended for the up-
coming student body elections, was 
deliberately omitted from an issue 
of the paper. 

Further allegatiOns were made 
of the paper's inability to foUow up 
investigations completely; the 
Jan. 21 a.rticle involving. Chan-
cellor McElroy was claimed as an 
t:xample of "sulMlrficial" repor-
tmg. 

Coop members then endorsed a 
letter to the Communications 
Board calling for a review of the 
Triton Times' behavior in light of 
its aUeged pro-administration bias 
and suppression of infonnation. 

, 

Classified Rates 
Studen~ads . 25 cents 
Personals · 50 cents 
Lost and Found - free 
Non' stUdenl ads - $1 
Deadline at 1 pm . two 
days prior to pu bllcation. 
Ads may be submi tled 
be l ~een8· I Oend 12·20n 
MWF . s.t t and t·3 on TTh. 

Study In 
I Guadalajara, Mexico 
Tho GUADALAJARA SUMMER 
SCHOOL, 0 fully lCCTedlted UNIVER· 
StTY OF 'ARIZONA ,",ovr.m. will off., 
July l-.Aug .. , 12, .nthropology . WI 
economics. bit ingUlI ed_,ton 101 k : 
tori , history, poIl'icol ocilnco, s....w. 
language .nd lit.,.ture. Tuittof' ,00 
,_. 1220; _d .n<! room with 
Mot,,","n I.mlly. S280. Wrl,. '0 
GUADALAJARA SUMMER SCHOOL. 
1530 a.mme Aportmon .. , Unl .... i'y 01 
Ariz"",,, TUClOn. Arizo .. 8572t . 

.... Is" ... ,t.." triton times 
- . 

[TRiTON tiMES ClAssifiEd Ads .1 
W NT d Momma SqU irrel . l A E . Happy 2t sl bi rthday and much success in TRAVE 

Position now open on Reoelle committee on grad school. Loye. your baby Duck. EUROPE . HAW-'II and ASIA chaner flights 
COllege AII.rs. Inlo and applications VIrginity 18 a curable disease. Let's wipe It Book on campus! CtEE Student Travel 
available In Revelle Cof11m Center (2/2) ou t In your lifetime. Cal l 453-0211 or Services Open M·F 1·5 pm. Call ~52.()630 
APplications are now being aCcepted for Muir 
orlenlation alds apPly through student 
emplOyment (2/ 2) . 
Need ad .. cash? Paying Top Dollar lor U.S. 
"lver coins belOle 1966. and pennlas .belore 
1959. Ken 7&>-7371 (3 / 21 

fOR SAlE 
Typewriter. Underwood eIeoIrlc. t5 Inch. 
011 Ice desk model . ,lite type. Cell Greg 453-
1868 (2/4) 
SMI bOOt. Lange Pllantoms. ilrand newl 
Used onee. Worth $160. wWI sell for 590. Call 
755.4258 aft . 6. (2/9) 

SCuba gear-eyerylhlng but tank. regulator, 
gauges. Worth S3I5O. Will .. II for 5200. C.II 
15s-4259 aft . 6 (2 /9) , 
Honda CB350 excellent 'condltlon new 
balterias and tune up. $450 or best offer 
Steve 755·7269 (2/4) • 

Eplphone acoustic guitar with case. Brand 
new. $80. Gary 453-8242 (2~ 4 ) ' 

1969 Toyota Corona Mk. II. $900. auto. very 
good condition. Call 755-8077, after 6 p.m. 
(2/4) 
Honda CB400 '16 Supr condo xtras: n 4 
Fairing digital clk ; helmet. trunl<. many more 
11400Jon 286-4223 (214) 
Honda '75 CL360 only 1500 miles 7 mo. old 
econ with bel l helmet call Todd . 455-9008 
12/1) . • 
031sun 10 4·dr. Sedan . 510 stick 4·sp. Good 
mileage 56000 ml. St050, Evenings. wk·end 
\JIlly. 271·4984 (2/4) 
I"dnasonlc portable TV: 11' screen. battery 
(InCluded) or plug opera led . E.cellent condo 
150 27(}.8627 • 

1970 SAAB 96. Excellent condition SI600 or 
besl offer, 299-9803 or 425-t881 . 

Up"9ht p,ano . for &lIe. Good condition. 
$400 00 . Call 216·6064 (2/9) 

Stereo components at wholesale prices. all 
malar brands. all new. gUillanleed. call Todd, 
744·1548 (2/4) 

Led Zep Tickets. Floor seals. Forum Sec E. 
Sun .. March t3 . Cell 452·9343 (2/9) 

69 WI Camper wlpop·top '73 engine. Excel . 
condo Best offer 562·4462. 

PERSONAls 
BIO 77 Bodega Bay Marine Blo; Spring ; 15 
Unit; ECHINODERMS; res'ch; cont. Judy. 
2130 BH. x2007 Immed. for applic p lus In· 
terview (2/ 4) 

Meel your provost Wed. Feb. 2 at 3;00 p.m. 
For all Muir students free cider. and cookies 
MUirprovOSI off . (2/2) 

Medllation course (12 hrs.) based on Edgar 
Cayce concepts. For Information and 
brochure call 459-1423 (2/7) 

MUIr College Advanced ~rlting EKamlnation 
Wi ll be given on Mon. 211. 4·tO pm in HL 
1438 Siudents wishing to take it this Qtr. 
must sign up In HL 1254 by noon on Mon .. 
2/7 

Gel your coordlnale axes togelherl The 
lheory of relat ivity Is true. The.Cosmos Is 
merely the mass interaction between dot 
products of alternate reference frames. 
Einstein was no dummy. when are you going 
10 stop being one? Origin consciousness Is 
the only true pall! to tot. alignment 01 the 
seven splrl tuY8Ctors. Let MaharishiS Frank, 
Marc. and Mel tum you on to Ihe Inner 
se<;rets o f configurational Isomerisms. 
F,perlence the multIPle orgasms of trIple 
produCI karma cleaning (open only 10 
Ihreesomes). matrix medllatlons. regresatye 
analysis of psyCho-~OIIns. interquodrant 
communlcallof\ via . ,brat lonel Ifan· 
" ormations of your partial prMl!'_ . ,tofter 
completing ou r 27 year trlinlng you wil l have 
mastered the technlq .... 01 the .. ..,d other 
IUndament8tL theorems of lootfopic"x In free 
space. For more In lormatlon write or unci 
villeo to Foundation lor the LocatiOll of 
Helsenberga Body. Bo. 5135. La Joila92037. 

Martha G ... Cat I again . You've IlOU8ed my 
Curloslly .. JOlIn . 

·f"··"'"'~~··'··~··'·~"~· 
(COMMUNtl'Y" 

I~LOOD . , 
( 317F5aeet 
fPAYSOONOBS 
f torM~~~ 
t UJ.5411 
I 1J4.4601 

emergency service catl 453-2778. (6} 12) 
SUPER TRAVEL BARGAINS SpeclallSls In 
the best deal IQr you .•. Call TMT x452· t 981 
(3/21) 

Fourth Coilege Comm ulers: We wanl your 
addresses and suggesllons . sign up next 
week. 
Lo,t: Womans si lver Bulova watch. black 
face bel bonner hall and Urey pkg lot. Ptease 
return 453·1675. 
Position nOlll open on the Revelle Committee 
on College Affaire. For Info and applications 
go to RevelleComm . Cent. 1212) 

, SERViCES 
'MEDICAL SCHOOL having placement 
problems for mad schoot? W. c'" hetp you 
find a p'- now In Italy. For Information cal l 
(213) 33t ·2490 or wr lle : MEDtCAL 
STUDiiNTS ABROAD 5120 Nearglen Aye. 
Co.una. C.if 91724 (3/21) 

CAMPBELL.BALLOU typist. Clalremont Sher 
279-1418 (3/21 ) 
Typing • Marilyn would like to fullIlI you r 
typing needs .. expert . reasonable. has an 
IBM . New n 70-6728 (21 4) 
ASB Special : Unl .. ; halrslyling 1 /2 price . 
Haircut. shampoo. blow dry. 58.00. Ca1l 45~ 
8229 for appls. 'The Hair Stylist. 7563 Girard 
(3121) 
Losl un ... ·anted pounds & Inches. Healthy & 
easy way to lose weight & k8l>P It off . Call 
Lynn 481 ·8290 (3/21) 

WOMAN CARE: Self·Help Clinic; Abortion. 
Prllnatal. Annual E.ams. 1050 Garnel. P.B. 
488·7591 . 

LOOk carefully KW. MP. RG and NW. the 
appliCations for Monarchy are now available 

. call col lect. 

2 Fern housemates needed . Qwn rooms In 4 
BR house. fireJ/lace . yard near bch . fwy . 
S1051 mo. 753-7057 Guy (2/4) 

Fm Rent $250 new t bdrm condo In 
University City wi many xtras adults only no 
pets 453-7611 after5p,m. (2/4) 

Need housemate (m or I) for unlurn 3 br brick 
hs. In PB wi 3 others. S75/mo for own rm. 
276.2414 after 5 (2/2) 

For renl : Own bedroom In spacious. fur· 
nlshed, 2 bedroom apartment dlree11y ebove 
ocean. heated pool . quiet , mellow at· 
mosphere . .sludent preferred but fleKlble 
SI00, pluS snare of utilities. 436·9850 (214) 

Room In house at Windansea: 1/ 2 blk to 
beach; 1 10 / mnl h . 459-2018. 

1 F roornale needed lor 3 bedroom 2 bath. 
Own room close to UCSD. Avail now really 
nice, Call 453·6949 Stl3mo. 

1 F roomale. 3 bedroom. 2 balh. own room . 
Close to UCSO. Avail. Immediately. Real 
nice. call us at 453·6949 $1 t3 mo. 

Female roomate wanted lor beaul lful. 
spacious L.J. house. Own rm and oalh . Renl 
- SI00lmo. Call 454·2813. 

Own room in 3·bedroom condO, Playmor· La 
Joila. t 'h miles Irom schooi. pool nearby. 
Congenial roommates. Available April t st lor 
spring and summer $116.00 per month. Call 
Jon. 453-6471 . II not home. ieave phone no. 
(2/14) 

Solana Beach 1 or 2 male apartment mates 
needed. Appro.. S140 . mo plus share 
electric. Ocean and racetrack. valley view. 
pooi. lacuul .• ~na. tenniS courts . pool 
table. etc. Available now . Call Michael at 1'35. 
3642.1214) 

. Who wants 10 travel to find my los' Lord 
pmleclor Help! The Knighlof the Realm . 

Ballot ... 
[Continued from Page I] 

and then help the students debate." 
In response to this argument, 

Elections Board member Andy 
Schneider replied, "We've been 
talking alot about values and 
morals and whether we are not 
being bureaucratic or not. The 
most important value to me is 
something this school does not 
have, and that is community. 

"How do you build community? 
By working with each other and 
agreeing to a certain set of 

• guidelines. To me, we went a round 
in good fa ith to all ofthese d ifferent 
groups and we in a sense said, 'we 
don't care what the ground rules 
are for what we are going to do. 
Just tell us what you want and we'll 

. try to draw up something fair .' And 
wedid that. 

The Bloomberg/Reed letter 
however, was not without support 
on the board. Two members voiced 
strong opinions on the guidelines' 
ineffective handling of some of the 
petitions. From this conflict be-
tween board m embers a motion 
was proposed to accept the 
Comprehensive Referendum 
Petition ana allow it to be placed on 
the ballot. The motion was 

~econded and a vote was taken. 
The motion was defeated by a four 
to tw~ margin. 

A petition concerning a new 
recreation facility , which also 
failed to meet the guideline 
standards, was also moved to be 
placed on the referendum ballot. It 
also went down in defeat by a four 
to two vote. 

In a new development , the 
Revelle Corrunitlee on College 
Affairs' yesterday asked the 
referendum be postponed until the 
three governmental models 

. developed by the Task Force on 
Student Governance and all 
petitions signed by 250 students are 
included on the ballot. 
In an open letter, the committee 

said it is concerned that " not one of 
the three task force models was 
included on the ballot and because 
30 issues that recei ved 250 
signatures were not included.on the 
ballot. " 

(The Triton Times will run the 
text of the letter Friday). 

The next meeting of the Elec-
tions Board will be held today in 
the Student 'Organizations Con-
ference Room. The meeting is open 
to the public. 

WANTED 
~uir College 

Orientation Leaders 
for SUMMER . and 

FALL, 1977 

Apply through Studmt employment or 
contact the Muir Dean's Of(ice for more 
information at )( 3587. 

Pale 7 

I~···················I 
• can1P • 
: komaroff : 
• a j e w ish resident camp at lake a rrowhead • 
• interviews will be held at san diego state for • 
• counselors , specialists, supervisors , kitch en • 
• and maintenance staff • 
• thursday feb . 3 and friday fe~ . 4 . • 
• go to san diego state's career • 
• planning and ptacement for an appointment. • 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

The Compfete Ha,. Care Center For Men and Women 

We use and recommend 

· Precision CUlling 
· Permanent Waving 
· Nat ural Coloring 
· Luminizing 
· Henna 

4501 M,ss,on Bav Drive 272·HAIR 

Pl:1rking 
Students are Reminded 

"S" P~rking Permits are Valid in YELLOW STRIPED 
Parking Spaces Only. (S.e Campus Map) 

Citations are Inued "'.gal Parking. Familiarize Yourself 
with the Parking Regulations. 

~arking 452-~223 or x4223. 

.****************************** i WANTED i i Lilli. STUDEN'S ! 
il. Anyone knowing the whereabouts of enthusiastic, * 
il energetic people needing big bucks , flexible hours and *' 
il enjoyable work . *' 
• Contact this number immediately .. 
: 560-0331 - . _ _' ~ : 
iREWABD-MONEY -FUla 
il An Experience of a lifetime *' 
• . *' 
******************************* 

UCLA 
GRAdUATE 

MANAGEMENT 

U .C.L. A . G raduate School of 
M anagement w ill have a representative 
on campus VVednesday February 2 in the 
Bfternoon to discuss the MBA program. 
No particular und erg raduate major is 
requ ired. 

For more informat ion p lease contact 
t he C areer Plannin~ and Placement 
Office, Studem-..Center Building B, or 
write : U .C ,l.A . Gradu ate School of 
M anagement, Student A f fairs, LO!'" 
Angeles, Ca li fo rnia 90024 . 



Pale I 

SPO~S IN S~IETY 
SPORTS WITHIN· 

, 

THE UNIVERSITY 
THURSDAY 

FEIRUARY 3RD. 11117 
7:00PM· 10:00PM 

RlV£LLE FORMAL LOUNOE 

OUEST SPEAKERS: 
REETHOWELL 
Assistant Professor of 
Physical Education at San 
DIego State University 
JIM MONTRELLA 
, 976 United States 
Womens Olympic 
SwimmIng Coach. Twice 
AmerICan Swim Coaches 
ASSOCIatIon Man of the 
Year 

OUEST SPEAKERS: 
101 MOSS 
UCSD Physical Education 
Instructor expert In ··Self-
Contfdence·· 

JUDY"SWEET 
Intercollegiate AthletIC 
Oorectol at UCSO 

Sponsored by ' The Urban 
and Rural StudIes Program 
- Thord College 

triton time W~J, V __ I')' I, 1177 

Women's Basketball 
, 

'Powering into Pre-Season 
by Judy WalWD 

StaffWrHer 

With a new coach, seven new 
players, and a new philosophy, the 
UCSO women's basketball team is 
off to a fresh start for 1977. 

After dealing Whittier a con-
vincing 41-32 defeat in last Friday's 
pre-season game, the players had 
every reason to celebrate af-

Joes ON SHIPSI American. 
Foreign . No experience 
required . Excellent pay . 
Worldwide travel. Summer iob 
or career. Send $3 .00 for in-
formation . SEAFAX, Dept. 8-6 
Box 2049, Port Angeles, 
Washington 98362. 

terwarda. "We really played you're suppoaed to enjoy the &arne. 
together JiS a team," said second- - At this point we've still got • long 
year starter AM Carrington. "I way to go, but I think everyone 
was surprised, but I think a lot Of really enjoys what they're doinl." 
credit goes to the coach." · "Practices were belinning to get 

And who is the new coach? Judy a little monotonous," iaid 
Malone, a dynamic, young and Carrington, "and I waa glad when 
congenial individual who makes the games rolled around." 
playing basketball for her actually - 4 -
enjoyable. From the stands it is 
obvious that she generates a 
positive attitude among the 
players. As Carrington said, 
"She's a really fantastic coach. 
Everybody likes her." 

Last year, Malone was just a 
helper for the · team under coach 
Shirley Peterson. This year only 
five women returned, with fres& 
men making up the rest of the 12 
woman team. 

So Malone had a long way to go 
when regular practices began in 
early January. Practices, held 
every weeknight for two hours, 
usually consisted of one hour of 
drills and one hour of practice 
playing 3-00-3 or ~n-5. "My 
philosophy," says Malone, "is that 

TONIGHT! 
Talent Night 

lO~ 
B.EER 

Always Dancing 
NO COVER TONITE 

656 Hiway 101 
Encinitas 

Anne 'Carrington 
The first competition the team 
faced, the All-Cal tournament, was 
more of a progress report than 
anything. It was a favorable report 
at that as the Tritons came in 
fourth after facing some of the 
toughest schools in the league. 

Last Friday's game against 
Whittier , reinforced the team's 
hopes for a promising season. 
Malone said " I was really pieased 
with the way they played out there. 
They played together as a team, 
and they looked well-organized." 
Whittier had a record of 1 and 3 
before Friday's game. 
. For UCSO, regular season play 
does not Qegin until February 9 
when the . Tritons play Sout& 
western in a home game. 

f3r-and ()peninQ 
C()ncepci()n Ijay Cantina. 

Introductory offer 
-February 1 through March 1 

. Between 5-7 Mon.-Fri. 
Finest Mexican. Food North of the Border 

Wed.-Sat. 8:30-1 :30 

Playing this week :' Lock, Stock & Barrel 
2806 Shelter Illand Dr. 

224·3611 

, 

Childr~n under 5-1Oc 


