
Interpol Speaks Out, 
AnsY.ers Accusations 

by Laara Richter 
Staff Writer 

Claims made by a Church of Scientology organization, the National 
Conunission on Law Enforcement and Social Justice (NCLE ), involving 
Interpol intelligence activities (Triton Times, Mar. 7), have been an-
swered by US Interpol chief, Louis B. Sims. 

Sims stated that the "accusations made by the NCLE have been made 
over and over and none of their attempts have been successful." He 
referecl to NCLE's "inquiries" into Interpol's activities as "merely ap-
propriation meetings which occur annually," adding that in both years, 
they have found none of the sclentologists' claims to be valid. Sims 
remarked that "anyone can fUe suit for whatever reason they elect to do 
so," and that Interpol has "flled suit against several other agencies and 
lost. " 

In response to the NCLE warning that students in foreign countries are 
potential "set up" victims, Sims stated that Interpol "doesn't relate to 
students at all unless they're involved in crime. " He cOntinued by saying 
that " even then they're really not an interest to us, only to the police of a 
given country," because "we never initiate an investigation." 

"There have been no set ups whatsoever - unequivocally," said Sims, 
who added, "the NCLE is coming up with a set of circumstances that 
serve their own purpose." Sims felt that the NCLE efforts are a " waste of 
time" and that since they "have no basis., they must go right back to the 
newspapers. " 

UDder Several Departments 
Presently, Interpol is under dual oversight by both the US departments 

of Justice and the Treasury, where it must an$wer to the Attorney 
General as well as the Secretary of the Treasury. 

In reference to Nazi related ties, Sims called the NCLE accusations 
"almost laughable." He continued by explaining that in the past, 
Interpol's host country had always designated their police chief as 
Interpol chief, automatically. When the Nazis took over Austria during 
World War II, they made a party member head of police, and therefore 
took control of Interpol. 

Sims affirmed that there was no exchange of intelligence infonnation 
between Interpol countries and the Nazi controlled territory during the 
wartime intervention. "I can find no evidence that there has been any 
Nazi influence at all, except during World War II, and we have documents 
to back everything up." 

Sims stated Interpol's "true" function as that of a "connecting link," 
where "we provide information for police abroad for special criminal 
investigations." The "mere exchange of information" is not involved 
with prosecution. 

"EUra ScreeDlng" Provided 
Sims emphasized that an important aspect of Interpol operations, 

especially for US citizens, is the "extra screening" provided by the ex-
change process. He said that Interpol determines whether or not the 
information to be released is within the Privacy Act, and that "we make 
every effort to be sure that every bit o{ information is in accordance with 
US laws." He added that' 'the scientologists, in their efforts to prove their 
accusations, don't even consider that we provide a uniformity with these 
safegq.,.. We have no other reason for being in existence." 

Sims theorized a situation tvhere Interpol did not exist, saying that " if I 
were an international criminal, I would be delighted." He felt that " the 
persons with the most to lose are the citizens of the victimized country. " 
Without the claimed uniformity of Interpol information, " people would 
have a tough time with the police of other countries" in the pursuit of a 
criminal who has left the country. 

Accusations that Interpol is operating with its own agents were 
disclaimed by Sims, who stated that " there are no Interpol agents as 
such." He felt that " it is a better operation to have a limited number of 
people and let the agencies provide their own people." Sims noted that 
Interpol functions out of the police agency of Ute given member country, 
which in turn provides " police who are assigned to Interpol." Interpol is 
financed by the government and run by the police, a procedure which is 
"the very same way in any country," according to Sims. 

There are Thietes Out There. .. 

Rec Center Up for Perusal Again 
PIal tbv IncllIIes Mere Student Input; $3-C)aterty Fee 

by Alec NedelmaD 
Associate News Editor 

The controversial Recreation 
Center Complex will once again be 
presented to the students, although 
in a highly altered form from the 
proposal voted down in last 
quarter's referendum. ' 

The "country club" format, 
which students strongly objected 

purposes. According to Forbes, 
" the center will provide unlimited 
free recreation for students." 

SwlmmlDg and Tennis 
The proposed center facilities, 

which will be constructed in steps 
as funds become available, in-
clude: a locker and showering 
facility, 50 meter by 75 foot "L" 
shaped swimming pool, 20 tennis 

courts, 12 handbalVracquetball 
courts, 8 sand volleyball courts, 4 
squash courts, an equestrian 
center with 25 horses available 
for students to ride, a ski slope with 
an artificial surface, archery 
range, intramural and in-
tercollegiate play fields, bicycle 

Continued on Page 7 

Staff artist's conception of the revised UCSD Hecreation Center. 
to, has been eliminated, as has the 
golf course. In place of them, a new 
concept has emerged. 

Ted Jc'orbes, Physical 
Education Supervisor and Project 
Director for the proposed center, 
has been the architect of many of 
the changes in thf! recreation 
center proposal. "This will be a 
center designed for students, used 
by students, and run by students," 
commente<l.Forbes. 

The idea Forbes i.S pusbmg 
involves utilizing 200 acres of the 
land east of Interstate 5, which has 
been designated by the University 
to be utilized for recreational 

Lobby Cha~ges Irregularities 
In $l-Million Fund Program 

The UC administration has 
shortchanged the Undergraduate 
Teaching Excellence Program by 
more than $900,000 over the past 
three years, the UC Student Lobby 
charged during recent Legislative 
budget hearings. 

Jon Haber, co-director of the 
Student Lobby, made the ac-
cusations before the Senate and 
Assembly subcommittees that are 
cons idering the UC section of the 
state budget. 

require inflation compensation. He 
also pointed out that the University 
provides a matching $1 million 
which actually makes it a $2 
million program. 

"We only get (from the state) 
about 70 per cent of what we need 
to compensate for these inflation 
increases," Swain said. "There are 
some things which must be fully 
funded, like gas and electricity. We 
have to pay these first. " 

Are 4 of 5 Customers Potential Pilferers? " If undergraduate education is the top priority the University says it is," Haber asked, " then why 
haven't they put this money into 
the program?" 

But budget analysts in the 
Department of Finance say the 
University always receives 100 per 
cent of the money it needs to 
compensate for infation. byM~BrieD 

Staff Writer 
There are thieves out there. And 

according to the latest statistics, 
you don't have to look behind many 
walls to find them. They're here, 
there, everywhere. 

Eighty percent of all people, 
given the chance, will rip 
something off, at least according to 
the statistics given out at the 
CaUfornia Association of College 
Stores held last November in 
Los Angeles. 

" These statistics put the 
emphasis for reducing the ,.. 

shoplifting at the Bookstore on us," 
said Don Barnett, Operations 
Manager of the UCSD Bookstore. 
" If someone buys a notebook with 
paper hidden inside it and the 
cashier doesn't notice it, they feel 
it's our fault and that it 's not really 
stealing. " 

According to the figures, 20 
percent of the people who walk into 
university businesses will not steal 
under any circumstances, while 
another 20 percent will steal when 
they feel like it, no matter what 
security measures are taken by the 
store . The remainiJ1l( 60 percent, 

b tillS fdan mere ly one of many pote ntial thieves who dally enter stores? 

though they are not " thieves " will 
. ' occaslonally pilfer something 

given the opportunity. 
" The bookstore is doing 

everything it can to lower the 
shoplifting rate," Barnett said. 
" For the first two weeks of each 
quarter, we hire two professional 
security guards to help deter the 
shoplifters. Additionally, bookdrop 
system, which obliges students to 
leave their backpacks and books on 
shelves before they enter the main 
store, is in operation all year long. 
Further, we don't have " buy back" 
cont inuously, because it en-
courages students to sell back 
stolen books. Sometimes they steal 
books from the bookstore, and then 
they sell them back to us, so we 
lose 150 percent of the book's retail 
value." 

Employees Preve&t Thieves 
Barnett noted that " the em-

ployees play a large part in 
preventing thefts," and stated that 
he plans to organize a plainclothes 
student patrol, similar to one at Cal 
State Los Angeles, where 350 
shoplifters were arrested in three 
months. "Our employees will 
make every effort to let the 
potential shoplifter know that he is 
aware of suspicious activWes. 
Ninety percent of people caught in 
this situation will either put the 

Continued on Page 7 

Beginning in 1973-74, the state 
has allocated $1 million each year 
for the Undergraduate Teaching 
Excellence Program, also called 
the $1 Million Fund. The money is 
used to improve undergraduate 
teaching by funding such projects 
as teaching evaluation, freshman 
and transfer student seminars, and 
TA tra ining. 

Each year the state adds extra 
money to the University section of 
the budget to compensate for price 
and salary increases. The amount 
of this inflation money for 1977-78 is 
$33.8 million . 

According to Haber's 
calculat ion, the $1 Million Fund 
should have received $938,000 of 
state inflation money over the past 
three years. But the University, 
which did receive the money from 
the state , used it for other pur-
poses, he said. 

" Because of the University's 
actions, fewer programs can be 
funded out of the $1 Million Fund," 
Haber said. "Such action seriously 
questions the University's com-
mitment to undergraduate in-
struction. " 

UC Academic Vice President 
Donald Swain said the University 
has always considered the $1 
Million Fund to be a straight $1 
million program which does not 

Student 
Survey 

Nextweek the UCSD Business 
Office will mail out a Business 
Services survey to a random 
sampling of student population. 
The survey covers the campus 
Bookstore , the Student Center 
restaurant , the Day Ca re 
Center and other related er-
vices. 

The 43 questions eek 
student opinion about the 
servi es they receive at the 
variol's facilities and what 
im!X'o lements can possibly be 
made. tudents receiving the 
surv yare urged to respond and 
r tum it as soon as possible, by 
intracfampus mail or by 
drOPPini it off t Ule UWiIUi' I8Ii8 
Of{jc (MC-204) , by April 25. 
Ten-dollar gift certificates to 
th Bookstore will bt: givon to 
ix tudents picked at randOffi 

from the survey received 
l'he re ult will be 

publi hed t th nd of this 
quarter. 



man Liberation Appeciated 
by 

You can tell. lot about a person 
by the kind of car be drives. WIlen I 
first got my licellle,l was 17 years 
old and had been saving for a car 
off and on for tine yean. I had 
$1500, so that same week I went out 
and bought the most beautiful car 
I'd ever seen. 

Theref§a' 
difference!!! 
PRe~ARe FOR : 

•.. _7 av ... 3!5 yurt 
"". of experience DAT;:7~ 

LSAT Voluminous home GRE study m."e,ials 
Cou,_ Ih." .... 

. AlGSa constandy updated 
OC•7 Ta~ facilities for ". ,ev,ews of ,,1_ 
eMf lessons and for u. of suppl.mentary m.".,ials 
FLEX M~k.-uPS for ECFMG m;,.d IftIOns 

arL.EDIDS 
SAT-VAT 

. 

. SAN DIEGO CENTER 

B'lnch. in major US citi. 
and Swiu.,land 

It was a 11170 Muatana, metallic 
green with a black stripe, IDCl the 
engine itself probably weighed 
more than maat can do. I tbought I 
was pretty cool aDd drove it around 
trying to impress all the girls. 

I know I was impressed. at least 
until the power steering pump blew 
up. Once that was fixed, two 
pistons cracked, and it started to 
leak gasoline. It wasn't that I beat 
the car: I hardly raced it all, but 
nther treated Uke a fine piece of 

crystal. It's just that sporty cars 
aren't made to last. I found out the 
hard way. 

still, I was determined to keep 
that car. Now I think I saw It as a 
symbol of my muculinity. I 
couldn't grow a beard or a 
mustache then, and I needed 
something. The car's muscles 
substituted for the ones I didn't 
have. 

One day I parked the car in the 
CODtlDaed 011 Page 3 

NOWFARN 

We are increasing the div-
idend because we want you 
to transfer your savings to 
your credit union. The 
rapid growth of U .S .E . 
Credit Union allows the 
dividend to be increased . . 
When you transfer your 
savings to the credit union. 
you help insure this rapid 

PER 
ANNUM-
ON 
REGUlAR 
U.S.E. 
SAVINGS 
Yo u r Univer sity and 
State Em p loyees Cred h 
U n ion in te nds to pay 
you a fu ll 6% pe r a n · 
n um · on r gular sav-
i ngs for th e quarter 
beginning October 
/lrst! 

growth and the continua-
tion of extremely high re-
turns on your savings . .. 
HIGHER THAN YOUR 
CURRENT BANK OR SAV-
INGS AND LOAN PASS-
BOOK ACCOUNT. So, help 
yourself to the BIG 6% and 
help your University and 
State Employees Credit 
Union grow. 

.c ...... _ I .... " ....... 1 ... . " I , ... _ _ ""I.. 1 ___ ... _ .. IIW _., .......... .-."'~ ...... I ..... ,..., u., c,...... u_ 
........... ". __ ,",he ... ' .......... . h "" •• ,... 4 -I."" ~ .,.. ~ __ .... __ ..... RhI..! .............. 1 • ...,. ____ ~ u _ 

[JJJ~~ 
University & Slate Employees Credil Union 

SDSU 
5191 College Ave. 
San Diego. Call ' . 
(714) 286-4210. 

UC DAVIS 
Orchard Road 

Davis. Calif. 
(916) 752-1817. 

UCSD 
3100 Gilman Drive 

La Jolla. Calif. 
(on MaHhews Campus across 

from VA Hospital) 
(71-4) 453-5620 

18ft Diego 
5555 Mildred Street 
San Diego, Cali'ornia 

(71-4) 297-1e38. 

FrIday, "prO I, 1m 

Enter freely 
and of your own will 

Mark Stadler 

The DaDce of Sprlag 
Flat on my back in the campus bookstore. In line. A line that winds 

through the store like candy sprinkles trailing on an ice cream cone. The 
fear is visible in the eyes of my companions. Don't laugh. You'd be scared 
if you'd stood here as long as we have . 

The line isn't the only thing that floored me. Also, the cost of the books 
filling my arms. Correct me if I'm wrong, but haven't book prices gone up 
drastically in the past few years.? I probably am wrongj It's just a 
longing for the good old days that never were. 

Maybe it's just the classes I'm taking. Like the poll sci course I 
enrolled for : the books for this ten-week period of enlighterunent cost $42. 
Forty-two dollars. But I shouldn't complain. Everybody must have a 
similar horror story to tell. , 

I could, of course, try the Book Coop or off-campus stores. But those 
places are usually only good for literature classes, or maybe history. U's 
hard to find many of these arcane poli sci texts used-especlally if they're 
for classes taught by visiting professors. 

Then there's always the particularly vicious case of professors 
assigning their own books to buy. The standard argument is, "But my 
book's the best." And the royalties you pick up aren't bad either, Jack. If 
the quality's all that counts, why don't you donate the royalties to 
charity? 

The line hasn't moved in an hour. It extends back into a cavern beneath 
the books for alchemy classes. God knows how many fools are back there . 
Waiting. 

The high book prices are a sign of the times, though. Another such 
sign is the new placard in the Revelle Coffee Shop: Coffee 111 cents-No 
refills. 

Still another sign, and a welcome one, is the appearance of n&-
smoking signs in classrooms. Still, enforcement of the ban ls up to 
professors, and selfish faculty who can't give up their filthy habit aren' t 
about to enforce It_ Until an official mechanism is set up by the ad-
ministration non-smo~rs will continue to be intimidated and the pretty 

brown~igns will represent only another waste of money. 
The line moyeI. AB I recall, sometime in the diatant past, an 

elOquent y~er named Barry told me, "Only assholes get caught in 
lines like this . ~' What can I say? . 

It is, after all, the beginning of a new quarter: my favorite time of the 
year. I'm not yet behind in school work, and full of optimism. still, I've 
finally learned to quit reciting the litany before every quarter: This time 
I will npt fall behind. I'll do the reading. I'll go to class. And I'll know what 
the prof is talking about. Am I maturing, or just growing to accept 
things? Hell, what's the difference? 

For some, it's the last beginning of the quarter: the last dance. 
They're leaving the womb, and the paranoia is upon them. If you look 
hard you can see it in the way they walk. The big change is staring them 
in the eyes. It's not like elementary school to junior high, or high school to 
the BigU. No, this is more like jumping from a big wann barn Into a meat 
freezer. 

Some seniors are confident-they've earned a few more years in the 
womb, or lifetime security in some goldfish bowl, or, if they're really 
lucky, a job doing something they like. But more, I speculate, are like my 
friend Shauna, who gripped my ann the other day and said, "I don't want 
it to be over." 

The line is stalled again. The word comes back that somebody got 
caught trying to pass a bad check and they sicked the dobermans on him. 
Just ahead of me another fight is breaking out. I just hope it doesn't 
spread. A riot could easily start here and I don't want to lose my spot in 
line. 

As they jerk through the steps of their last dance, seniors should be 
Centlnued on Page 7 

r TIle Great Haircut 'lace l1as Co 
Brop iQ far a ¥R££ PER S ONJj ~~ . 

~ ~~ 
7443 LaJoiaBlvd ~ _ 
454-3031 ~ 
Men & WQI1W1- _ specIaIld in halrcutll~OIiy _ ~ PD 

,- . IN,OI,l.lIi,l.'1llSt.1OO !)N,I'IA};.~ ~,.., ~ 
ATTENTION 

· UCSD 
EMPLOYEES 

BUY AT WHOLESALE PRICE + 5% 
Emloyee~ of Ihe Universily of California, Son Diego ond their 
spouse are eligible 10 buy 01 the PRICE CLUB 01 WHOLESALE PRICE 
PLUS 5 PER CENT. Employee 10 required. 
Food. Applionces, Housewores, Hardware, Sparling Goods, Film 
ond Film Del/eloping, Cameros, Candy, Tobacco, Aulomolive, Ti,es. 
Off ice Supplies, Jon ilor iol Supplies, Gardening, Hecllh and Beauty, 
Pel Food, Stereo, UnfiniShed Furnilure, Major Appliances. 
Pri(e Club Hours: 

Mon.-Fr i. 12noon·8:30p.m. - Soturdoy9:300.m.-6p.m . 

PRICE CLUB 
4105 MOIIlNA IlVD., 1M Mao, CA 12117, (7,14) 271-1012 

Frida)', "prO I, 1m 

Uberation· ••• 
Celdlaaed from Pale ! 

lot outside Two Gays ana went in to 
buy IIOIIle recorda. A half hour later 
I came out to my machine. I looked 
but couldn't, wouldn't believe what 
I saw. Someone had dented me. 

I wanted to sue. I warUd to Idll 
the guy who did It. It was a dent in 
the left door about the size w your 
thumb. I'm almost emba1T88led 
by it now, but when I saw that dent 
1 felt as if someone bad castrated 
me. I spun out of the parking lot, 
almost hit a pedestrian, and was 
subsequently given a reckless 
driving ticket by a nearby cop. 

And all because of a dent the size 
01 your thumb. 

I evemually sold that car. 
ThInIdng back now, I don't seem to 
remember my social life im-
proving all that much after I 
bought the damned thing. At the 
time I tried to convince myself that 
1 was sexier. I guess I tbou~ that 
a pretty girl automatically came 
with a fast car, just like on TV, but 
of course it isn't true. 

I think I know why now. 
Most girls aren't impressed 

anymore with the macho image 
that a sports car symbolizes, 
despite what you see on TV. The 
hairy-chested, unsmiling, woman-
killing he-man is for the most part 
a thing of the past, thank God. Or 
rather, thank the women's 
liberation movement. Without the 
women's movement and all 
they've done to change people's 
attitudes, I'd probably still be 
driving a Mustana. Whenever I 
hear someone attack the women's 
Libben, I can only smile sar-
donically. 

And it's not only men who un-
dennine the movement either. I 
remember a few years back I was 
watching the Miss America 
Pagent. During the impromptu 
questions part of the show, Bert 
asked one young lady from Kansas 
the proverbial, "What do you think 
of women's liberation?" 

The answer was, "Well] believe 
in equal pay for equal work, but I 
still like to han men open doors for 
me," and everybody in the 
audience cheered. I never laughed 
so hard in my life. For somebody 
with a 4.0 average, MIss Kansas 
sure was pretty dwnb.Well, she 
didn't know a damned thing about 
women's liberation. 

Certainly it includes things like 
equal pay for equal work, but that 
isn't aU. AJJ I understand It, the 
whole idea behind the women's 
liberation movement is the 
breaking down of established roles 
that males and females have been 
more or less forced to accept. If a 
woman doesn't want to, she 
shouldn't have to be a wife and 
mother, or play hard to get, or be a 
helpless scalter-brained sex object 
and she should still be able to be 

triton times 
. ............••••....•..•.•..... 

considered feminine. I think that's ~COMMUN I'll Y ~ 
good. ~ • WANT TO But women's liberation is men's :oL()()D BANl(.~ 
liberation too. : . . : 

A "man" shouldn't necessarily: 983 India • 
translate as someone with twenty. 327 F Stn!et : 
Inch bleeps, or who can drink a : PAYS DONORS : 
case of beer, or who drives a sporty • • 
car. I think that's good too,: for Service : 
especially since I'm none w those : 
things. ':!::·5-48Fri. 

I guess we all know people who ~or 1 
still live with certain archaic ideas: 234-4601 
about sex roles. The macho men •••••••••••••••••••••••• , ••••••• 
and the femme-fatale type of 
women aren't all that uncommon. 
Usually they're ex-bigh school 
football players and cheerleaders 
who never grew up. Do you ever 
notice they usually hang out 
together? Maybe it's because 
nobody else can stand them. I know 
I can't. 

The Equal Rights Amendment 
lost last week in Missouri, and for 
the life of me I can't figw-e out 
why. Are people's ideas about sex 
roles still ,being threatened in the 
19701&? I debt't know. I hope that's 
not the reason. It's being voted 
down, but I can't help but think it. I 
guess ,we still have a long way to 
go . Maybe if we bribed all the state 
legislators with Mustangs and 
beers ... 

~~\\IlIlnl't . O\LO:;(' I ..... _ 
Your family and friends will enjoy 
staying at La Jolla's newest 
high-rise resort hotel. 

Phone Maria , 459-0261 for rate 
information and a color 
brochure . 

SUMMER HOUSE 
~!NN 

La Jolla Shores Drive 
at Torrey Pines Road . 

latest .fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmar1 
store 

URBAI 1110 RURAL STUDIES 
Spring course re Open 

10 All Sludenls 
The IOlIoWlnl list 01 courses Will be oll8r8d bY the 
Urban aod IlIral Studies PrOgram during the SPriOg 
Quarter 1977. II YOU have any Questions regarding 
aoy 01 the courses, Pl8as8 contactlhe URS 
411 Manhe. Campus, EXtenSion 3692 • 

URI IPRII& QUIRTER ICHEDULE 
28 COmparalive PolIlICS and DevelOpmenl (Bender) 
41 Introduction 10 Humin Clre lervlces (lgUbO) 

ornce, 

130 Metropolilin DevelOpmenllnd Inalysls (Slembleda) 
140 lIOuslng Environment (ilambleda) 
147 Inlluences on Health IYSlem (BUSh) 
148 IUlrillon-8.I.I. (Ielgren) 
1521PerSI.11 Ind SOClII DevlloPOlenl (Thomls) 
153 SOCiety. Mollvilion Ind Penonalny (Thomas) 
158 TIle Urbln .derGllSS (Blumberg) 
188 fleldn ... In urban Ind RUral Iludies (l.ubO) 
180 lenlor lemlnar . (1Ielllbl8ll1) 
188 llreeled IrOUD IIUdy (11110 
188 IndependlnlltudY (11110 

• 28: COmparallle PallUes and Development 
IISTIUCTOR: JtI,.y "'dar, Lecturer 

In InierdlSCIPllniry IPprolCh 10 lIIe Siudy 01 comparallve POIilICS. 
Till Clune will Imp.llize sellclld Ilsues 0' devlopmlnl Ind 
clillge. wi. SPICIII ImphlslS 01 caunlrles or Ihe Third WOrld. 

P.REQUIIITES: lone 
Tues.IYS I ThlrSdIYI 1:00-2:30 p.m. TLH 111 

• 1121: ParIOnal aod SOClalll8V81apm8ll1 
IIUBTOIt Charta W. ThOm8I, PrOI .. 

I tietUN .. IIClIII. _,.. a .... IIlmln II. SD.n rrom blrtll 10 
Y... .......... CIIII.I 1,.11 IIClI.I: .ersonll-I Clll SIItlS 

Page 3 

eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fitted 
repairs I •• 1.111., ...... _ IIr II'IICY I •• IIrlY CIIII. II. I:IIlldlllOd. 

~oursrnon -'" 10 30- 8'00 
WI 1 0·6 Clos.<I sundays 

arts arena blvd. 

224-2974 

I.IIII_C. I •• 'II •• I ....... . 

,. ••• 1B: PI,CII 10~-I-C or permlllion ollnl,"elDr. 
Tllldl'l I '111,..1,1 1:00- 8:20 I.m. IrM 2250 

j.' - - -- - ~-- - - - -



• riff .... h.II'S 

CagersStoIllpUSlU 
U~D's women's basketball 

team raced to a 23-0 first half lead 
en route to an easy 68-30 win over 
outmanned USIU Wednesday 

afternoon. The Tritons held the 
visiting Westerners scorelesa until 
midway through the opening half~ 

employing a tight defense and 
accurate shooting. 

by Judy WaHoa 
StdWrtter 

It was a grey day on Mission Bay as the filth 
annual San Diego Crew Classic got Wlderway 
last Saturday morning. Despite the dismal 
forecast, a record crowd ~ 13,000 showed up to 
watch athletes from an over the country 
compete In one 01 the most physically and 
mentally demanding sports ... crew. 

The mass of spectators was not disappointed 
either. AP. the sun broke through over the 2,000 
meter course, spirits were lifted. The greatest 
reward came in the grand final of the men's 

vanity eIgbt. It 
pruervinl. Tbe UDl"" 
and the University ~ 
fIgWng for the lead 
meter course. It 
race witnessed In 
Clauic. And when 
had grabbed the Vll't ..... 
length. 

"There was no 
for the line," said 
we gone another ten 
have won it. They 
finish." 

Pem also took the other top prize ~ the meet, 
the junior varsity eight. Washington, the 
leading contender In the past, had to settle for a 
victory In the Ugtaweigbt eights and three 
third place finishes. 

Orange Coast College surprised everyone by 
capturing the frosh eight title, edging out the 
Huskies from Washington. They also placed 
fourth In the JV eight and third In the open four. 

U~D was one of the participants In the 
Classic, putting forth several crews In both 
men's and women's events. And they per· 
funned quite satisfactorily. According to one 
rower, DomInic Karoly, "We could have done 

.rI'tll •• h.II'S 

much better In the Cal Cup race, but we got off 
U. a bad start which really hurt us. Also, we 
caught. couple ~ crabs during the race when 
we hit the washes." -

The frosh eight did a great job, coming in 
third In their heat and fifth in the graud final. 
The women's eight carne In fifth In their heat, 
and fourth In the petit final. Coxswain Amlta 
Dessai said, "The win over Loyola in our heat 
really meant a lot to us." 

Among other universities which participated 
were SDSU, Berkeley, Irvine, UCLA, USC, 
Princeton, Cornell, and the University of 
British Columbia. 

triton 
times 

The victory put UCSO's season 
record at 9-7,7·7 in league play for 
fourth place behind Mira Costa, 
Southwestern and Grossmont 
Colleges. Tomorrow, U~D hosts 
SG Osterfeld, a touring German 
team composed of members of 
their nation's 1976 Olympic squad 
In Montreal. Tip-off is at 7:30 pm In 
the main gymnasium. 

Against USIU, the Tritons 
consistently found holes In the 
Westerner's 2-3 zone defense, 
scoring at will from underneath the 
basket and in the key. Suiting up 
only seven women, USIU seemed 
tired and confused, not knowing 
whether to shoot, pass or turn the 
ball over to their opponents. The 
Tritons shot 47 percent from the 
floor in the first half, taking a 40-13 
lead. 

Penn Cops SportsJine 
DaYld EISen· EIKIIII .. edit ... 
Mark Stadl9l" M..,.glno editor . 
Gary Ghorardl • Achertlslno MeMO-
Alan /fussell. N .... edHor 
Alec Nedelman· AI.ocl ... New. edHor 
Shauna Stokes· Production MaNlger 
Sue Nealon· Copy editor 
Ran Anbar · Opinion editor 
Tim MacKenzie· Arts editor 
alII Brooks· Pholo editor 
Joel C Don· Associate N .... edllor 
Ron Kalo· Co-sports editor 
JOll Halperin . Co·sports editor 
Seolt S",III . Associate news editor 

Carol Hawley goes up for a layup 
dUring the Triton's runaway victory 
over USIU. 

FREE ADMISSION 

to plilY BINGO at 7727 Girard Ave . Marv Sti1r nf thl' SPrI 
Cilrn~ 2.Sc per game . All games pay 70 % collpctl'n Plrlv 1 
2S gilm('~ 

Every TlI (, day 7 pm . 

ALL ~ECORDS & TAP£S$1.98! 

DCEAN BEACH 
. ·.jC)1 H \ ;"11.111,· 

CHULA VISTA ~~~ SAN DIEGD 
37'1 .V-d 422-9131 i ,h l, F,1. 23<)·'1,.1:,{, 

ARCAU'-
AlDSII:. ~\\ 

CPB FILMS PRESENTS: 

11IE MAN WHO 
DOWN 

FRI·APRll8 '77. 
The Man Who Skied Down Everest 
Mandeville Auditorium 
$1.00 
7:00,9:30 PM. 

In the second half, USIU at-
tempted to close the 27 point gap, 
but they clicked on only 25 percent 
from the floor and continued to 
throw the ball away. UCSD was 
lead by Carol Hawley and Carole 
Kastler, who pumped in 14 points 
each, while Dani Grady added 12. 
The Triton's top scorer, AMe 
Carrington, came into the game 
averaging 15.5 points per contest, 
but managed only 4. USIU's 
Deborah Fields led all scorers with 
17, mostly from long range. 

Mter Saturday's game with the 
Germans, the Tritons have two 
more nonleague tilts before the 
playoffs begin on April 13. 

Wingo on the Mmnd or 

The game was all but wrapped up lor the sllcktown nine that day; 
The score was something like two-zip with just three more outs to play. 
I ought to know, I was pitching for the visiting team that game, 
That's right, me, glad to meet you, Ivy "Oh No It's" Wingo is the name. 

I have decided to speak up and finally reveal the truth; 
I'm sick and tired of some Bozo making out like he's Babe Ruth. 
Ever since a pack of lies were reported by some old hack, 
This guy Casey, mighty Casey, has been a monkey on my back. 

OK,listen up, here're the facts : It was the bottom of the ninth Inning; 
I struck out York and Baskowitz- It'sa piece of cake, I thought, 

When you're winning 
A few smart fans got up to leave, the die-hards hung on 'til the last ; 
Didn't those dumb Mudvillites know I was going to finish the game fast? 

But suddenly I realized why the crowd was staying so late; 
They thought their team could win the game if their man Casey 

got to the plate 
Casey! Casey! Oh great Casey! He was allI ever heard about ; 
All right, let's do it, I thought to myself, I'll enjoy snuffing five 

thousand pipe dreams out. 

YOGURT Y;j KING 
7643 Girard 459·9809 

(nut to J. Ma~njn'8) 

Rabbits n' Roses 
Special!!! 

no con.eet 10 win! no quetdon. to enlwrrl 

A Free Ea8ter Bunny 
.',I,u1oo_ I"" Bun,., .... hI£h h. yoof t~.., ('i 

.... .,.,..8rirht f'OIon· hhM'. ilrt'f'". p". or "II~I 
wilh every purchase of a ten dollar 

"Yogurt King Gift Certificate" 
• ... ,"', ~Iud I.m un,'irt" ,00'l"fIn.,. .pll'l IrtOl ••• I .. · 

r'fl'ry IlmI' yIN 1 )"" YOIlUrt KI~ 

And for Loven! lind Sweetheart8 
Itt"u'. "~,,.t.otlt • • lIt ....... kt krv". ~'I 

1M ,~,., "'I" ~ •• ,,"lhu"l 

Free Ea8ter Rose 
at Carrie's Flowers 

7765 Girard 454-3535 
IA JoIl.', , .... ow llf ... ,.ppt"d MII' • 

•• nt .... ln _,Ih (Anw', 
Wllh ,n'n ' .. 1.,.-..... vi • II", doll., ,If I ""hll .... ", '"III! Y'>JUrI KI"". 

Ten thousands hands .... c'~n·~wilrlcheerlng increased the sound; 
Noise echoed through across the ground; 
It knocked upon the upon the flat, 
For Casey, big bad Casey, ,was advancing to the bat. 

Casey was coming on real he stepped into the balter's'box; 
He was strutting like a peal~4a pretentious bag of rocks. 
He tipped his cap to the he had the gall to give me a sneer; 
Up to the plate, asshole! I you'll be lucky ifl don't 

stick a pitch in your ear. 

I started the lunk with a 
Casey was fooled and did 
Ah, too bad, I said to I1nyselfl 
'IKill the ump! the anxIOus 

they'd soon want dead 

like a 5O-watt moth it did dance; 
sland there as if in a trance . 

one," the umpire said ; 
but it was Casey 

David Youngdale got three hits, two runs batted In and a home run in 
U~D's Tuesday loss to USIU. The Tritons were beaten hy the score of 
7·3 and continued to be on the short end of the box score; they now carry a 
3-15-1 record. 

The team travels to Redlands to playa doubleheader on Friday. 
Kevin Morning leads the UCSD track team into the Riverside 

Invitational which takes place on Saturday. Morning's 48.9 second 
clocking in the 400 meters is tops in the NAJA District III. 

Morning will also compete in the 440 yard relay and the mile relay 
events in which the Tritons are ranked seventh and sixth in the District, 
respectivelv. 

Paul Metsch, Jack Broudy and Billy Hien lead the UCSD teMis team 
into All-Cal play this weekend in Santa Barbara. The Tritons are a 
favorite finish in one of the top three positions of the tourney. 

• THIS WEEKEND AT U~D: 
The Womens' Tennis Team does battle against Cal State University, 

Domingez Hills at 2:30 on Friday. The match takes place at the Muir 
courts. 

On Saturday afternoon the Mens Rugby team plays two matches. The 
first against Del Mar at 2:00 pm and the second at 4:00 pm versus Publo 
R.C. The contests take place on the Muir field. 

Saturday night, the Womens' basketball team hosts the German 
National Team, S.G. Osterfeld. This team is composed of members of the 
Gennan Olympic Team and should put on quite a show. Starting time is 
7: 30 and the game will be played in the ma in gym. 

Saturday afternoon, the men's baseball team will playa doubleheader 
against USIU. Starting time is 12 noon at the main diamond. 

The Guy wIm Pitched to Casey 

Trying to control the game, is he!? Well, I'll show the sonovabitch! 
A curveball that bent like a rainbow was the next pitch that I threw; 
Casey stood there like an empty fire hydrant, 

the umpire said, "Strike two ... 

This really pissed off the local crowd, which, of course, made me high 
asa rocket; 

Sorry to ruin your day, folks, but Casey's in my hip pocket. 
Yet still the fans would not leave ,they had visions of Casey 

getting lucky 
Yeah, sure, sure, and a duck's ass leaks, and I eat old dog puckey. 

The blood is drained from Casey's face, with dread he looks around; 
The poor boy is in a tizzy with Wingo here on the mound. 
And now yours truly holds-the ball, and now I let it go, 
And now the air ls shattered by a swing that steals my show. • 

Oh! somewhere in this favored land the sun is shining bright, 
And somewhere guys have pretty girls to sleep with them at night, 
And somewhere folks are laughing, and somewhere children shout, 
But there is no joy where I live - I've been a nobody since 

struck out. 

ACORN 
Community orlanlzers--Ac:orn. the most successful community 
orpnlutlon In the country. hIS openl"" for organizers in 6 
Southem stat.s. Issues ran .. from neighborhood deterioration to 
utility rates. taxes. redllnlnl. etc. Lonl hours, low pay. Must be mobile 
& interested In social ch.,. •. We train. Contact UCSD car.., 
Planoi", & Placement for interview Thur ~ April 7 . 

• 

Acorn 
S23 W.15th St. 
Uttle Rock, AR 

72202 

eo.: Wfr.J does history revolve 
arollld this day? 

Events and explainations of this compelling event 

will be examined. You are invited to her why the 

ressurection is histories most fantastic fact and 

why people try to dismiss it 

Winzer Commons 

Medical School (BSB) 
Friday 7:00 Campus Crussade. 

Photographic Supplies 

PageS 

Discount Darkroom 
Prices Supplies 

Expert Service Quality Equipment 

Bob Dayis Camera Shop 
':17 LI\ • I a Jlllla 15Q-7155 

When : April 22- 24 
Where : Camp Cuyamaca 

CUd' PrQsants: 
Cost : 25 .00 until April 18 30.00 afterwards 
Featuring Debbie Friedman - song leader 
Applications available at the UJS office for more info 
call Robin 452-9804 

NOW you can buy to~ quailly alhletlc shoes and get a FREE 
RESOLE . Choose from all the popular styles and makes. 
ADIDAS. NIKE. BROOKS. NEW BALANCE. K·SWISS. 
TRETORN. TIGER. 

~ RFSOl.F 

• "'-I.IB EVERY MAKE ~ _ ~ OF TENNIS ANO 
Oualitv Athletic Shoes RUNNING SHOE 

NOW PEN SUNDAYS 11 AM to 5 PM WITH FACTOR'\' 
4941 A Clli,emont Dr. 273·0773 . ORIGINALS 

(North Clairemont Squarel ONL Y $10.95 
FREE RESOLES NOT AVAILABLE ON SALE SHOES. CLEATS OR SPIKES 



Pqe' 

FORmE 
DR MAR AREA 

CAMlNODB.~ 

Music 114 
Music of the 20th Centwy 

Spring Quarter 1977 
The early part of the class will be a survey 

of 20th century music in the U.S, (popular 
and classical). 

Focus will be on periods after the two major 
wars (1917-27 and 1945-55) and the period 
now, following the third major war, especially on 
the popular music of these periods. 

The course is designed to be a working 
seminar. Students will be called upon to actively 
pursue research, to compile information and 
recordings, and to investigate the political and 
cultural context for the music. 

Prerequisites : Music llA or consent of in-
structor. 

Course code: 2316 4 Units 
Weds and Fri 2:00-3:20 
Room 8·210 Mand. Ctr. 

Irll ... llh ... 'S 

TT ClAssifiEds 
TRAVEl 

Europe, Israel, Orient, Australia, NY & Ch I. 
Complele 51 udent Iravel cenler. AIST. 291 S. 
La CI"""ga iiI. 1101 Bev.1v Hills. 2131657· 
2727 (61 12) 
Book now · book on campus I 
Europe, HawaII & Auslralia 
Charier lIighls 
CIEE sludent TraYei Services 
Open weekdays 1·5 pm 452-Q630 

EUROPE· inexpenslve camping, sludenll 
faculty flights . Write or call lor free 
brochure National Student Travet BureiIIJ 
1007 Boxlon Av Nt8. L.A.. CA 90024 
2131478·0220 (4122). 

PERSONAls 
Typing IBM seleClrlc. Theses, term papers, 
etc. 452·1588 evenings . (616) 
Come 10 the UJS conclave Aprit 22·24 JewiSh 
Folklore and Humor singing and dancing 
with rrolesslonats cost $25. 30. after April 18 
(41151 

charier' 
Over 7776ehents .. nee 1962 San 0te<,j0'. 
mosI •• pe<lenced CI\at1ef co. 

EUROPE from '327 
......... ·17 

2.3.' 5.6 10 2' w ..... dIM.lion 10 9 (;j1leS. 
HO Clubs., lOIn. no I ... and SAve 10 60% 

HAWAII from '179 
Also New Ynrk. ChlClpa. OrIent 

UndtIwl,"r e.lterElK! Huntt Priz., 0_1 
Set .. Apr. e, 10 em, Le Jo" SIIoIH 1I.eIL 
Iring cllwl 0- .1Id rel_hmlntl. Everyone _c_ 
Mike: thl. personal redeemoble for a: 
GenetiCS lecture, apple ceke, pillow, 1001 to 
Insert Inlo mouth , 2 slaters wi chapped lips, 
lunch on ItepS, 10 min . vls~ laating 3 hra., 
grluly bell, chem cl._a, The Staps, 
cooklea liter tests, llIIT1lty tree, diaa-leaa 
phaser gun, & lamlly reunion It camegla.' . 
Lo ... , • Mom, & your .weet, loving kid 
slstlra. Now, to UM up the last 55 speces w 
esoy hello, goodb 

Pink Floyd enyone In Interested In trading 
their 5-7·77 lor Fri . 5-6·n please call Debbie 
452·11804 

B72 Too bad, but I'm not moving out! DND 

METEOR 450 : (minus notable exceptions). II 
Is apparent that you ha ... no romonllc In· 
sllncts or you wouldn' t have to prove them. 
AVGINC. 

INEXPENSIVE contects: Fie.: "00-125, soft: 
S225-250. Inca. all student will refer you Iree 
297-6766 (4/15) 

fOR SAlE 
5'7" Sieve Lis Fish Kneeboard . Also Nordica 
ski bOOIS size 10 fanlastic condition Call48t · 
9207 Bruce 14181 
JETHRO TULL . April 8 . 2 excellenl lower 
loge seats. S12 . 453·1229. (4/8) 
JETHRO TULl tickets . Good seals $12. Call 
453- 1229 (4 181 
Snow chains. IIt s masl large passenger cars 
eves 431\-2822 S8 
Womens lull wetsult mad nvlon 1 used In xlnl 
cond o $30318" . Call 453-6918 PAM 

1963 Ford Falcon Sprint convert ible. 4 year 
old 289 va engine looks and runs great. 
Origlnalowner481-0839 

Classical guitar Francisco xeel condo S35 . 
453-6604 Susan or 755-5923 

Portable eassette ' tape recorder . Brand new. 
Won In con test never used . Must sell $<40. 
Rick 453-0115 . 

Whan do you say Bud.alsal.? 
D When I think about pizza. o When my wallet says I can't afford pizza. 

D When the delivery guy leaves three large pizzas 
(with everything) at my door by mistake. 

-~~fII.IllN,. anytime'. ~h. right time 10 .., Bud.e".r. 
when you do, you've ' •• "y uld II _II' 

Friday, AprIlS, 1m 

'8!1 vw camper v.. h_ MW 8I1IJ/ne but 
needa p.lnt muM eell aoon saeo. Of '-t oIf.,. 
297 -0788 (4 111) 

For sole: Book lor Blo 131, Mecglnltle , $13, 
cali Nana, e ... nlngs, ~5 

Scuba Gear · Seahawk knife $24. Weight belt 
and 24 lbe. "8. Cold water hood SH. Call 
755-4259 all. 6 (4120) 

Snow chalna, to 111 sub-compacts. $8. 270· 
2933 or x41 05 . Dave la.lker. 

Stereo receiver, Kenwood about 20 wats 3 
V- warranty Ielt must aell only $125 .00 
Chuck 452-&117 

Two Pink Floyd tickets May 6 755-6187 

SURFBOARD lor sale T2"xlg" Swallowl.II 
Conca ... tall. Good condition . $55 firm Andy 
459-8324 

Sounderaftsman Preamp-Equlll_ S325 
Sherwood digital FM tuner $300 Phillips 
GA212 wlMlcro Acouatlcs ODe IE $125 KOas 
ESP·9 heedphones $75 Megnepan MG2 
SpaakllfS $400 all In perfect cond~lon 755-
63lIl (4/15) 

See Led Zepplln , June 19 .. the S.D. Sports 
Arena. 3 seats lelt S35 each. Loge, Sec 11 
Row 3, Call 453· t847 

Electronk: teat equlp-O Scopa&-RMS·Metllfl· 
XY recordar&-Wave analzrs· ECT Motronlcs 
436-21846 PM (4111) 

SURFBOARD, T5" Excellent condhlon . Call 
270-6041 (Keep trying) . (4/1 1) 

Suzuki TS100 75' wi helmel S350 mens Sch-
winn Varsity like new $80 271..a78 Eve. 

WANTEd 
Wanted· A used wetsult , lull or summer cut. 
Five foot ten, one hundred Sixty Ibs. Call 
Stan 453-1847 (4/13) 

Wanled: Interested people 10 work on lecture 
subcommittee MTG . Tues . at 4:00 pm In Arts 
& Leculres off. 

Anyone who took Econ 150 and wants 10 sell 
their gO·II . Policy texl by OUE Please call 
Sally at 453-6160 

Need e.tra cash? Paying top dollar for U.S. 
silvereolns belore 1965. Also buying old U.S . 
coins. Ken 755·7371 (6112) 

Musicians wanted for 5Os160s band . Gullars, 
hOrns. keyboards, drums . Contact Miles 453· 
2775 

Wanled : German tn Review ay Vall. Call Will 
755-6907 alter6:00 pm 

HousiNG 
MIF housemate wanted own room, Unlv . 
City . 3 mi . to school pool, sauna , tennis 
courts aslmo & uti . Ken 453-9190 (4/11) 

Muir Apt. contract for safe to 011 campus 
female 453-6604 Susan Please leave name 
and no. If not there. 

Needed: Female to share La Jolla Village 
Apt . 1 ml. to UCSD own room call Robbin or 
Gen 453-8838 

Roommate needed to share 2 bedroom apt . 
with 2 others. Single available. In Del Mar off 
4th St . Has ocean view. pool, and great 
stereo $95 a month plus uti I ties call Im-
mediately. 481·7469 (4111) 

BOTTICELLI'S 
BEST 

HAIRcunlNCi 
TEAM 

NOW 
OPEN MON. 

TOO 
'·4 

562S La JOu. Bt.d. 
La JOu.. CA 920J7 

Phone: (714) 4S9-Gll 
helll •• hhlll 

c. .... , 

FrIday, AprIlS, 1m Irllo.II"I .. OS Pale 7 

r:----------- COUPON-------~---., 
Square Pan Pizza does it apln! I 

CoatIDaed from Pale 1 
rentals and jogging and equestrian 
trails, 

No MidDllht Games 
Lee Jobnaon, Supervisor of 

Recreational Athletics, noted that 
"approval of the plan will mean no 
more Intramural games at ~ 
nlgbt, an opportunity to play In 
more than one league, a wide 
variety rI. additional space for 
intercollegiate and recreatlooal 
activity, and much more. " 

In a letter to Chancellor 
McElroy, Forbes baa recom-
mended that the original center 

proposal, the one students voted 3 
to 1 against in last quarter's 
referehdum, was "too restrictive 
for students' use and too ex· 
pensive." In particular, Forbes 
polmed to an aspect of that plan 
which limited student use to 240 
"members" of a recreation center 
membenhlp club, each of whom 
pays a $50 membership fee. 

Further, Forbes proposes, 
"students should play an integral 
role in determining what facilities 
are built 88 well 88 how they are 
operated and maintained." Forbes 
emphasized that, "We are totally 

committed to having a student 
governing board for the recreation 
center." 

To support the debt service 
(from a $434,000 regent loan at 9 Ih 
percent,) and the operating ex-
penses associated with the facility, 
students will be asked on the 
election ballot to approve a $3 per 
quarter assessment. According to 
Johnson, this fee "is the only way 
we will have additional 
recreational facilities" that 
students want to see. 

2 cu ts of pepperoni pizza 
and salad 

With Ihls coupon only 

5 locations 
Mission Beach 
714 Ventura PI. 
48S-<4800 

Slate College 
5119 College Ave. 
583-3616 

Ocean Beech 

EI cajon 
583N. 2ndSt. 
44()'7323 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ShopIiftirw- Coatlnued from Pale 1 

article back, drop It, or JlBY for It," he pointed out. 
AItortioII AIterHti, •• 
San Dlego/Pro·Ute ....... 

La Jolla I 
912 SiI.erado 

EXP1RES 4115177 MUST BAING IN COUPON 45~3131 
All bookstore employees have been infonned of their legal rights, and 

were taught how to confront shop)ifters so that they will not " be afraid to 
get involved" when they see a shoplifter. "They've been told to beware of 
people always looking around or of those who wear wann jackets in the 
summer, for instance," Bamettsald. 

~-----------~PON-----------~ 

Noting that there "is no real profile of student shoplifters," Barnett 
said that "most have the money right in their pockets." Barnett admitted 
that in the past three years, two of the bookstore's student employees 
have been caught stealing, resulting in dismissal from their jobs. 

Barnett has no figures on how much is annually stolen from the store 
because he said, "We're (the bookstore) under university accounting 
which is not designed for retail stores. Most college stores lose from two 
to three percent of their sales to pilferage. If these figures apply to UCSD, 
then the bookstore would be losing $40,000 to $60,000 annually ." 

The Coop Book Exchange has been more fortunate than the bookstore 
this year according to Elisabeth Plyler of the Coop. Only about a dozen 
books were reported as " lost" last quarter. "Students going into the store 

CoDtinued OD Page 8 
Enter FreeIy_ 

Continued from Page Z 
required to pass on the sage knowledge which has been force-fed to them. 
I mean, it takes a while for most of us to figure out the little tricks that 
make life easier. Like when you have the prof sign a drop card for you and 
then you erase the circle around 0 and circle A. I mean, what are the 
seniors going to do with that wisdom on the outside? 

Someone near the front of the line is shouting something about the bark 
peeling off the eucalypti outside. 

But books. Books. Why books? Instead of college we should be out in 
the streets, or in the woods becoming one with nature, or something. 
Leamlng something on our own,ln3tead of the views of others no smarter 
than ourselves. Shouldn't we? That's easy enough to say, here in the 
bookstore, waiting to P'lY. 

The line moves on. 

583-LlFE 
Free mIlllHUaC, study room 

aDd.peekers 

~ 
Brush Your Troubles Aw.y 

VILLAGE 
BEAUTY 

SUPPl.V 
Carries a lull supply 01 bruShes made of : 
Nylon 
Boar 
Plastic 
Wire 
Ranging in price from 
50 cenls to $5.19 

Come in and see our lull line. 

VILLAGE BEAUTY 
SUPPLY 

737 PEARL 
Don' t be mistaken. The address 01 our 
Plaza Is on Pear l but our entrance Is 011 
our Iree park ing lot on Eeds, just south 01 
Pearl In the new building with lord 
Bryon's Cookies. Dick's Liquor and The 
Soup Exchange. 

The Kinks 
will SJlCili Glats 

HOLLYWOOD STARl 
Dnq. _ril t1It.7:1 •. 1. 
CIVIC THEATER 

202 "CH STREET 
Convention MCI Performin9 Arts Cent.r 

R ... rved Seat Tick ... 5.50, 8.50, 7.50 
• ...... 0.-_ ""15c:~"",ct\ef .. f oC-lIof'tI. __ ..- .... " _C'O-IIIII1U OIIIr: .... T""""" 
N .......... ~w., ......... IIOI' ... s..c ... $etooocft ·~ ..... 

. ....................... " 

,p::=fI!!~r ... ) _~ (EAST".. WEST) 
'IODUC liON I 

GOLDEN OUNTAIN 
APRIL -8,9,10,15,16,17 5:00Pln 
I MAGES OF CHINESE IN AMERICA 

.CHOREOGRAPHm&DlREC I ED BY 
YENWWONG 

SALK INSlllUTE RAZA 10010 N. TCmEY RNES ~AD (0JTIXm ffiRRMANCE) 
L£SO 1HEA 1RE 1lO<ET (fA(£ (FEN t/GVAY -FRlM Y 12:00·4:00 452·4574 (J 452-3793 

AIM~~$2.oo 

PRFSEN I FDBYTHE DEP.I. 
UN S.D. 

• 



Irtt4 .. lIh ... "S FrIda" AprIl I, 1m 

Concert Scene 

AGAIN Jazzy Weekend in San Diego 
PSA has moce low fare California 

flights than any other airline. Call 
Those who appreciate good jazz music will have 

something to do in San Diego. 
This Sunday, the Gary Burton Quartet with Pal, 

Methany, Steve Swallow and Danny Gottlieb will be 
appearing in concert at the La Paloma Theatre in 
Encinitas. This is their only Southern California 
appearance. Shows are aU and 10:30. 

your Campus Rep or 
PSA tp make your ';;;~t=;iiiiiii reservations. i\1 

Riverboat 

The Modem Jazz Quartet will present a concert at 
San Diego's Civic Theatre Saturday, April 30 at a 
pm under the auspices of the San Diego Symphony . 

The Quartet, which has the longest life of any 
ensemble in the history of jazz, has made a 
distinctive mark on music both in the United States 
and abroad. 

Roy Clayton 

These four artists have perfonned at the 
International Jazz Festival in Nice, the Gulbenkian 
Festival in Lisbon, the Maggio Musical in Florence 
and the Donaueschiogen Festival in Gennany. In 
the United States they have appeared at the 
Newport and Monterey Jazz Festivals, as well as 
performing with such major classical ensembles as 
the Julliard String Quartet and with more tban 30 
symphony orchestras. 

The group consists of Connie. Kay on drums, 
Percy Heath on bass, John Lewis on piano and Milt 
Jackson on vibraharp. They have played together 
for over 20 years and their style has become a 
classic, their sound a le~end. Jazzman. Gary Burton 

a rambler who 
entertains with 
original songs 
and style 

Next 
Appearance 

Muir5 
& Dime 
Saturday. April 9 
2 shows· 9:30 to 10:30 
Sponsored by Muir 5 
& Dime Board 

AS Elections: 

"SLICK 
IS 

BACK" 
CLAY BLAKER 
AND HIS TEXAS 

HONKY TONK BAND 
Friday Night at 

Shoplifting ... 
Continued from Page 7 

usually take off their backpacks, although they're not iorced to," she 
saiq. Plyer added that, " The only security we have is one employee per 

. shift," Though she noted that records were no longer traded at the Coop 
because too many of them were stolen in the past. 

The Humanities Library was not as fortunate as the Book Coop last 
year. Before its. Electronic' Book Detection System was installed, the 
Cluster Library lost over four percent of its books annually, according to 
Marc Gittelsohn, Undergraduate Librarian. He thinks that the system is 
presently helping to reduce the number of books stolen from the library, 
"although we won't find out how effective the system is until we take an 
invenjory this summer. " 

While the campus libraries and the Book Coop rarely catches thieves, 
the bookstore occasionally apprehends shoplifters, and ''those who are 
caught will face prosecution, whether they're stolen a $4SO calculator or a 
19 cent pen," Barnett said. 

uam students currenUy found guilty of shoplifting are not kicked out 
of school, because, as Barnett said, "The University feels that although 
people are thieves, they are still entitled to an education." 

Applications available: EDNA & College Deans Office 

Deadline For Filing 
April 11, 1977 4pm EDNA 

AS UCSD Offices: 

President 
Vice-President 

Commissioner of Commnications 

Commi5Sioner of Academic Affairs 

Commissioner of Student Welfare 

Commi5Sioner of External Affairs 

Commissioner of Elections 
CommiSiioner ct Appointments & Evaluations 
Program Board Chair 

Public Relations Director 

Activity Fees Board Chair 

Elections Held April 20, 21, 22. for more in/o contact EDNA or Student Orgonltatfons 


