
Construction Threatened 
III . Pay For Rec Center? 

b)'8ertLee 
StaIIWrlter 

Controversy has ~risen 
concerning the legality of 
prilnary funding sources for 
U~D's proposed Recreational 

Ron Bee 
Facility Center (Triton TiInes, 
Jan. 21). 

According to Ron Bee, 
spokesnnan for the UCSD 
Student Lobby Annex, several . 
serious problems are 
threatening to halt construction 
before it even begins. Con-
struction of the Initial phase of 
the facility had been plaMed to 
begin in the sununer and it is to 
be concluded in the fall of 1978, 

according to Ted Forbes, 
Supervisor of Physical 
Education and. Project Director 
of the center. 

Service to Students 
Bee questioned what he 

perceives to be Forbe~ asser-
tion that the rec facility will be 
used primarily by students. Bee 
added that according to the 
Center's Financial Feasibility 
Plan, prepared by 'the' Office of 
Capital Budget and Space 

~agennent, undergraduate 
students at U~D are projected 
to connprise only 10 percent of 
the dues paying nnennbership. 

Hence, Bee 'contends that the 
facility is actually plaMed to 
primarily serve alunnni, 
faculty, staff and exthension 
students and resennbles nnore of 
a "COwllry club for the elite of 
the university" than a facility 
for student recreation. 

. This would be quite per-
. rnissable, Bee pointed out, if the 

various constituencies to be 
served payed for the facility. He 
has discovered, however, that 
student fee fund sources nnay be 
serving as the primary finan-
cial resource pool. 

He stated that construction of 
the facility tuts been predicated 
upon the contingency that 
$434,800 of registration fees be 
set aside in the capital outlay 
budget by Chancellor McElroy 
in a "guarantor" capacity to 
offset a loan by the UC Regents. 
Bee pointed out that the 

Outlook for Passa e is Good 

Ted Forbes 
to private contractors for 
construction if tbey can nneet 
mortgage pa)'Illents plus in-
terest over a twenty year 
period. 

The funds to nneet these 
payments are projected to conne 
fronn nnennbership fees. In the 
event that these user fees are 
unable to nneet mortgage 
payrnent requirements, then 
r~iStration fee funds have been 
guaranteed to cover the 
payntents . . 

Continued on Page 8 

State Lawmakers Introduce Privacy Bill 
by Bqh MdntOlb 

Staff CorrellpQJldent 
(SACRAMENTO) A new right of 

privacy bill was introduced in the 
state Senate Wednesday which 
would prohibit the state govern-
ment fronn keeping secret files on 
citizens. 

It would also allow citizens a 
certain degree of control over the 
collection, accuracy aJ)d use of 
infornnation in the files that are 
kept on them. 

The prinCiple sponsors of the bill, 
known as the Infornnation Prac-
tices Act of 1m,' are Senate 

nnajority floor leader David 
Roberti, D-Los Angeles; Senate 
Republican caucus chairperson 
Dennis Carpenter, R-Newport 
Beach, and Assennblynnan Vic 

. Sazio, D-Sacramento. There are 42 
other Senators and Assembly 
nnennbers sponsoring the bill. 

Personal privacy bills have been 
introduced in the Legislature 
before, but have never become 
law. 

The Privacy Infonnation Act of 
1975, known also as the Moscone-
Carpenter Privacy Bill, passed 
both houses of the Legislature but 
was vetoed by Governor Brown. 

Last year, Roberti and Car-
penter co-sponsored another 
privacy bill. Sazio, whose own 
privacy bill has been killed in a 
Senate conunlttee, sponsored this 
new bill in the Assembly. 'lbis bill 
passed the Le~ture ,ml was 
also vetoed by Brown. 

Pe ..... for 
GovenuDellt MIl ... 

At about \he same time as he 
vetoed the aecond privacy bill, 
Brown issued an aecutlve order to 
control the misuses of information 
by some state agencies. 

"Brown's executive order does 
not give citizens judicial rennedies 
nor doe it provide for penalties for 
lovernment ennployees who 
dlsregard the right of a citizen," 
Roberti said. 

"These are essential if the right 
to privacy Ls to be meaningful." 

According to Sizto, many of the 
problema Borwn found in the first 
twa. bia...have been solved in the 
present one. 11 also expands_the 

scope of Brown's executive order 
to include "each agency main-
taining records containing per-
sonal or confidential infornnation." 

Infornnation cOllected by state 
agencies is classifioo under one of 
three headings: public, personal or 
confidential. Public information is 
found in public records and 
docunnents. It is already available 
to the public so is not covered by 
the provisions of this bill. Personal 
infonnation is not available to the 
public, but the bill would make it 
available to the person involved. 
Currently, confidential in-
formation is used in investigations 
and cannot be disclosed to the 
person involved: · it nnight 
jeopardize the sources for the 
investigation. 

The bill would require each state 
agency to file with the Secretary of 
State certain infonnation on the 
records it keeps. It would also list a 
contact person for the records. The 
Secretary of State would publish an 
aMual directory including all this 
infonnation to be nnade available 
to the public. 

DoablecbecklDl "'ende.' 
Recorda 

Using the directory, a person 
could find out what agencies have 
records on him. He can contact the 
agency and inspect the records for 
accuracy and relevance. If the 
information is not relevant to the 
purpose of the agency, or is 
inaccurate, it can be annended. If 
tile agency does not aUow th 
amendnnent, an appeal can be 
made to a review board of the 

Coatlnued OR Pag 3 

Board Extends Ballot 
Deadline to Monday 

by Mark Stadler 
Managing Editor 

The Elections Board voted 
Monday to extend the deadline for 
ballot proposals for the upconniog 
referendum to next Monday 
nnorning at 8:00. 

"Due to the high interest in the 
referendunn process and a large 
group of different - students 
requesting the opportunity to place 
itenns on the upconniog election 
ballot, the Elections Board voted in 
a special session to extend the 
deadline for all ballot proposals," 
the board said in a statement. 

The original deadline for 
proposal-subnnissions was last 
Friday afternoon. At that time, two 
govenunental models-a revannped 
Associated Student model and a 
Cabinet-Assembly model--had 
been submitted as possible new 
student governnnents. 

Comprehensive Questions 
In addition, four connprehensive 

question petitions obtained the 
necessary 250 signatures by the 
first deadline. The petitions ask 
that student opinion be solicited on 
questions of semester or quarter 
systennsj the possible depart-
mentalization of the Conn-
munications Progrann; and the 
proposed recreation facility 
center. 

The fourth petition represented 

29 questions on a wide range of 
student concerns. 

However, the board statement 
said that no model or issue has yet 
been placed on the ballot. The vote 
is still scheduled for Feb. 23 to 25, 
according to board mennber Peter 
Stone. 

All ballot proposals which did not 
meet the board's guidelines were 
returned to their authors " in the 
hopes they will ~ resubmitted," 
the statennent said. . 

The statement said that , 
although the Cabinet! Assembly 
and ASUCSD nnodels appear to 
have met the board's guidelines, 
they have, not been validated by a 
vote of the board nnennbers. 

Those guidelines, the board 
reaffirmed, are that each ballot 
proposal " must include a short, 
one-page statement that can be 
included in a voter pamphlet, a 
research paper of documentation 
and a petition of 250 students who 
indicate support," for the proposal. 

The board meetings are 
scheduled for every Monday and 
Wednesday a'nd are , it said, open to 
all students. 

The proposals nnust be submitted 
to the board's 6ffice at MC 109. 

"Any student who wants is en-
couraged during this extension 
period," the board statement 
concluded. 

Dogs~ Dogs, Dogs 

Dogs romp on the grass at UCSD . 
by Wesley Wad. 

Staff Writer 
-

The presence of " nnan's best friend" on cannpus has caused some 
;·;""~n"t .. rru>t·inn annong UCSD students. 

of the connplaints, according to George Murphy, Vice-
and Dean of Student Affairs, concerns the presence of the 

around "food service facilities, drinking fountains and 
" Murphy has also rece;v ~ complaints of dogs 

'frightening people" on the Muir cannpuS. de added that be knew ot 
'two instances of dog bites" since the begiAn.ng of th Winter quarter. 

" Ther i a campu policy that dog mllsl be on leashes or under 
control," e plained Murphy. " The difi iculty ha been with en-

th policy ." 
Enfor em nt of the policy could IJl an suspcn ion or dismissal for 

owner of th di obedient dog. 
t in conjunction ith th animal helter, is wOllili fln an 

olution to the do dilemma. Murphy propose that a llY 
hl"'on"",, dog be taken into custody and tr nsported to th aninnal 

:::stleItler . Th own r will then haV to pay a " mon tary penalty" in 
fr their pet. 



..... 

Opini~ ! 
~ . . 

Entrance Requirements: Needed and Important 
."..ta.... the system. This would elimiDate 
•• EdHIr admiuion errors in rejecting good 

stUdents as well as being a 
Why are there any entrance . fulflUment ri the democraUc 

requirements · fOr the university? principle of eIlU8l opportunity for 
nus question was poaed to me all. 
recemiy, and although lmuiUvely I am not prepared to argue with 
it seems to me that there should be this suggestion on Ideological 
requirements, perhaps they are a growl(is. I think I would even tend 
product ri our society. to agree with it imder ideal con-

Anyone who wants to, should be dltions. But the problem we are 
allowed to enter the U!liversity of confronted with Is the fact that we 
California, goes the argumen,t. If are not living under these con-

they are unfit then they will drop 
out after the first quarter or year, 
and no hann would be done. This 
way everyone who wants an' 
education in the University of 
California system would be given 
the opportunity to find out for him 
or herself whether they belong in 

Letters to the Editor 

ditlons: instead we find ourselves 
at the point where cutbacks are 
being made in financial backing of 
the University. The University of 
California could certainly not 
handle more students at this .time, 
even for a "try-out" quarter, and 
in facing stiffer cutbacks in the 

Student Center Not Complete 
In response to the article on Jan. 

21 , I would like to point out an error 
concerning one ' of ChanceJlor 
McElroy' s self-acclaimed ac-
complishments. This is the one on 
"the completion of the Student 
Center". 

This is, and will continue to be 
untrue until the restaurant opens in 
the Student Center facility . It was 
agreed, in writing, that when the 
Step II of the Student Center was 
completed, the Coffee Hut would 
close and the restaurant of the' 
Student Center would open with 
cooperation of the administration. 

Through mismanagement of 

Student Center fees and 
bureaucratic slowdown , the 
opening of the restaurant has been 
continuously delayed. There is an 
argument that another food facility 
at UCSD is infeasible. I feel that a 
stud4!nt controlled restaurant with 
lower prices and higher quality 
food is necessary on this campus. 

The Student Center Board is 
trying to put a restaurant in the 
Student Center. If we succeed (Fall 
1977 ) it will be our ac-
complishment, no one else's. 

DANALMOUR 
Studen t Center Board 

The Public Should Decide 
Affi rmative Action Policies 

I am writing to comment on s()o(!alled 'reverse discrimination' 
specifically with reference to an article by Jeff Sorensen in the 1119177 
issue of the Triton Times. Mr. Sorensen concludes his article (or should I 
say, editorial? ) with this sentence: " While justices may debate the 
constitutionality of reverse bias, no one can debate the fact that a ruling 
against affirmative action policies would at least slow down the 
movement It)ward economic and social equality." 

In fact, t~E are those who can debate that last point, and there are 
even those N feel all affirmative action policies should be scrapped. 
There i&8O w thing as an affirmative action 'law.' 

These pelk es are the braind:rildren of unelected bureaucrats faced 
with the dil .mma of cooperating with congressiooa1 committees. So the 
policies themkelves were De!iIeI' voted on by the peopAe. I say, let the 
people decicle on UWS, shlce they an the-onesaffected most directly. 

With refE1'Ejlce to the above comment · by Mr. Sorensen, economic 
equality is ly. achievable if there is some entit)' for example, a 
governmen ., hlCh can legally lake from those who have and give to 
those who hA not. . 

How mary pf those reading this would voluntarily, without any coer-
cion, gIve hall of their money and personal property to a poor family, In 
the interestJ df economic equality? 

Social equality Is another utopian principle that has, fortunately, never 
been achieved in the real world. If total social equality existed, there 
would be no individuals, just stagnant human beings, with no higher level 
to strive for and no real purpose in life. Why work hard to better yourself 
when the re is no better level to achieve? 

Mr. Sorensen infers that advancement of affirmative action policies 
will lead toward social and economic equaIJty. Why? Why should a less 
qualified individual receive a job, with the result that a more qualified 
individual rema ins unemployed? If that is equality, what is inequality? 

JOE CURIALE 

future . 
Coupled with the fact that UC Is 

filled to capacity on most cam-
puses thia year, It makes senae to 
have entrance requirements, for 
otherwise the colleges would have 
an overflow of applicants, with 
nowhere to redirect them. But 
since we are facing more 'cutbacks 
in finanCing it may pay to 
reexamine the rea!!OllS for ad-
mitting as many students to the UC 
system al we do presently. 

poorer perfonnance record by its countrY which has caused many 
graduates. . man-years ·to be wasted in the 

So instead of baaing entrance islandII we call colleges. 
requirements on the kind of Because of the recent trend of 
education UC wishes to live Ita sending everyone to college, the 
students, they have been based for job markel has been saturated 
the most part on capacity. And this with college graduates. If an 
was fine until now when we have employer wishes to hire someone 
reached the limit of our capacity, now, he will first look if they have 
and may be faced by having to had a college education . . And why 
decrease It: not? "Everyone" who could read 

ProIpectI with and write has been sent to c.olleg(!, 
railed requlremeaU . and since there is such a fierce 

Arbitrary Eatraaee Reqlllremeldl And th~ prospect !sn't all that competition for jobs he is even able 
The entrance requirements 

appear to have been set ar-
bitrarily. That is, they were set 
such that most campuses would be 
filled to capacity for the Fall 
quarter. The number of campuses 
is such that the .top 12lh% of 
California students can attend UC. 

. ..it makes sense to have entrance 
requirements, for otherwise the colleges would 
have an overflow of applicants, with nowhere 
to -redirect them. A good example of this system is 

the opening of UCSD's Fourth -
Ulllege. The students entering grim. 'Assuming entrance 
F-ourth College now, do not deduct requirements are raised for the UC 
from the total enrollment of other schools, California students would 
UC campases. Instead, more then have the option of entering the 
students are admitted in total to State system, and those thus 
UC. In other words, students who pushed out of these schools could 
would not have been admitted fall back on the Junior College 
before to the system are now system for their first two years. 
allow¢ in because of a larger Admission for third year transfer 
capacity. student is not as difficult to get as 

But this necessarily decreases gaining first year entrance.) 
the quality of the average student, This would raise the quality of 
since students who were previously students in each of the state's three 
judged to be lower in potential than educational systems, thus im-
any other UC students, are now proving the learning opportunities 
allowed into the system. And this for the students remaining in an 
begins compounding problems. educational system. But in this 
Since the university wishes to " shifting" of students we have 
retain at least some of its new forgotten the ones who would be 
students admitted under· the more pushed out of JCs and out of the 
relaxed standards as otherwise college system completely. We 
there would be no point in their would also decrease enrolhnent in 
ad.mi.sSion, grading standards are California colleges . and univer-
eased - not necessarily because the sities below the 50 per cent ,of the 
prefessors wish to do so, but California population which the 
because they ' find that their state has guaranteed to educate 

.examination curves are lower, beyond high school. . 
among other reasoQS. And this, of . Actually, I think that ex-students 

i course, towers the value of an "A" who find themselves looking for 
from a UC school, and could work without a college education 
conceivably give the university a will help reverse a trend in this 

to pay a minimum wage! 
No Job guaraDtee 

This is unfortunate. First, 
because a conege education no 
longer guarantees a job as It used 
to. Secondly, because the majority 
of the fields studied at the un-
dergraduate level rl the univer-
sities could be self-taught. These 
include psychology, philosophy, 
history, fine arts, and others which 
do ·not require continuous expert 
supervision of learning. "Hard" 
sciences such as biology and 
physics, do require this kind of 
supervision. For this reason and 
the fact the jobs in these fields 
require a lot of backgrolUld in the 
field, these are the only depart-
ments which truly need to be 
present in more than a token 
manner on most campuses of this 
country. 

For example, would you go to a 
doctor who trained himself in 
biology through the reading of 
books? It would be easier to 
respect a historian who taught 
himself by mass assimilation of 
history books. 

Continued OD Page 3 

Mandeville Room .Unfit to Use 
One day last quarter, a section 

meeting of my Visual Arts 14 class 
was moved, for that day, from its 
usual location to room 8-118, on the 
main basement level of the 
Mandeville Center . Certain 
characteristics of this room show 
how, in some respects of the ar-
chitecture and design of the 
Center, form was not made to fully 
follow function . 

This room had a bare concrete 
floor, a ceiling whose one skylight 
window admitted little light and 
constituted one of the concrete 
"teeth" sticking up out of the 
ground on the north slde of the 

Center, and small ceiling-level 
windows. There were several 
pieces of broken furniture, a bare 
porcelain sink, several chairs of 
various descriptions, and much . 
unsightly heating _ ductwork, 
thermometers, gauges, dials, 
pipes, valves, and vent screens. In 
general, the room was definitely 
UDflt for classroom use. Its use 
should have' been restricted to 
basement storage, janitors' 
storage, or some other such func-
tion. 

As the sun :eceded and began to 
set, the amount of light in the room 
declined rapidly. Because the 

room was set in a depression about 
fifteen feet below outside ground 
level, the sun was blocked from the 
room about one hour earlier than if 
tpe room had been~located at 
ground level. 

It would probably have been 
better if the Mandeville Center had 
been designed in a conventional, 
integrated manner, with all rooms 
starting at ground level, three 
stories, and no basements except 
for plumbing, healing, ventilation, 
electrical switchboard, and other 
_systems use. 

JEFF FENTON 

DAWNING OF A ' HONeYMOON ~ITH THe PREss 

Fourth . College Sympos1um 
'. 

"Searching for ~ a Miche" 
• By JOel C. DoD 

Auoelate New. Editor 

"II the world operates under pressure and you don't know what to do," 
says Fourth College Aasiatant Dean Jenni Murray, then you should 
"learn to deal with pressure." 

I rllt 1.1 ..... OS PageS 

and mau rn~ wonder ! 
oi the per~on . 

that somecia':j i'li be. I 

X 
Mind over matter, conaciousness alteration' and repression of stress-

very IUllikely subjects for colleges and tpUversities, but not so unlikely for 
Fourth College's current symposium·titled "Searching for a Niche." 

Murray Is coordinating the tour evenings of lectures and discussions 
happening this week. 

Undergrads to Benefit 

"A Vebklefor New Topics" 
AccordiM to Mortay. tile svrnoosium "orovldes a vehicle to deal with 

topiCS which normally Jet left between the cracks of the major ffelds of 

Instructional Improvement Plan 
biology and chemistry." . 

"The symposium is designed to help people look at themselves .. 
towards a goal rl human excellence," Murray said. 

Tonight's seminar deals with one of the most essential activities in 
human livlng~atinll.-Victorla Newman, a nurse at University Hospital. 
will speak on "whole food" and the detrimental effects of food a';tivities. 

"American diets have changed," Newman says, and "with the help of 
advertising au of our original choices have be~n changed." 

Newman emphasizes that Americans consume excessive amounts of 
sugar in their' diets aoo.lack sufficient amounts of fruits and vegetables. 

"It takes a certain number of chemicals, called nutrients, to provide 
optimwn health and life," Newman explained, and adds that she will talk 
about food1l that "make you feel good." 

MiDd and Body 
Paul BreMer, a physician who quit his practice in medicine, will ex-

plain the way~ that the mind can help heal your body in a seminar titled 
"Time, Space and Healing," tomorrow night. 

Brenner J;,esigned from regular medical practice because he didn't 
want to continue in traditional medicine, where the doctor is totally 
responsible for the patient's healttl. 

Accordinll to Newman. BreMer is interested in a controversial Drac-
tice of medicine which studills the effects of space and time in illness. 

Tomorrow night's seminar with Brenner concludes the series which' 
has included a study of pressure and stress Monday and a seminar titled 
"Changing Your State of Mind" last night. 

Newman says the aim of the symposium is to "bring together people 
who could talk about things we can control in our lives." 

College ... f 
[ContiDuedfromPageZ] munities: -through vocational 

Thus If we reversed the trend of . training or perhaps by setting up 
everyone going to college we might "learning centers" where people 
find that people will no~ suffer, could come and borrow books, 
since they are actually not gaining discuss problems ent:ountered in 
anything by spending four years of their readings, and perhaps 
their lives getting an education - in elaborate on thoughts. People need 
fact, they are losing their value not use up four years of their lives 
and experience on the job market! being motivated to learn these 

UC President Saxon has things. 
suggeSted that It is important for 
every citizen to study at a 
university because of the per-
spective it gives on life. I agree 
that a "college education is a part 
of life," but so is working during 
that time. As for the perspective 
given by a college education, that . 
could be Illven by local corn-

So where does all of this leave 
us? I think we can safely conclude 
that ralslDg entrance requirements 
(even though we would be doing 
this because of financial savings) 
would actually benefit our society-
not only monetarily from the UC-
supporting tax payer's point of 

. . 

The Triton Times Is publ ished by UCSD stUdents as an official student newspaper. 
Publication Is on Mondays. Wednesdays .... d Fridays during the regular school year 
(except on official holidays) . Editorial and busineSs offices are located In the Student 
Center at the University 01 Caillornla. San Diego. For edilorlal . call 452-3~; lor business 
and display advertising . call 452-3<468_ 

Letters to the editor and opin ion columns are welcomed. All submissions must be typed 
and double-spaced on a 74-space line. They should not exceed 1-1/2 pages 1n'length. 

Submitted material must be8lthe name and student iclentilicalion number 01 the author. 
Names can be withheld Irom publication on requaet ; however the names will be held on file 
tor public Inspection . 

The Triton Times reseNes the right to edit submissions because 01 space IImltationsp r 
style requirements. 

Entire contents copyright 1977 the Triton Times . . 

:. 
. 

. 

By David FriedmaD 
Staff Writer 

Tom Hull, Assistant to the Vice-
chancellor .for Student ,ufairs, 
ann(lUDCed last week that $176,000 
had become available for un-
dergraduafe inSfructional im-
provement projects in 1977-78. 
These funds are' accessible to 
faculty, students and staff upon 
approval of a proposal, which must 
be received by Hull no later than 
February 15, 1977. 
As administered by the Chan-

cellor's Advisory Committee on 
Instructional Improvement 
Projects, the program has two 
distinct aims. First, in an effort to 
evaluate teaching effectiveness on 
cllmpus, projects which provide 

. undergraduate response to in-
struction are encouraged. The 
course and professor evaluation 
procedure, CAPE, is an example of 
efforts supported by the Instruc-
tional Improvement Program. 

New Prolrams 
The second criterion in deciding 

the distribution of the funds is the 
development o( new and existing 

. 

view, but also from the students' 
angle, as they will be getting a 
college environment more suitable 
for learning, with less competition 
and distraction from students who 
do not wish to learn or do not 
belong there. (This competition 

. does not necessarily refer to the 
academic sphere o( the univer-
sity.) Finally, we have those who 
will no longer attend college, but 
will no longer waste four years of 
their lives. 

So everyone would be happier 
(possibly excepting the ones who 
will have to decide what the new 
admissions standards are to be. ) 
And what could be better than 
more good for everyone? 

Mission Transmission 
& Brakes 
~pe ialiling in : 

Domestic, Autom atic and 
Standard - Also complete 

Brake Service 
SPECIAL STUDENT 

PRICES WITH AD AND 
LD. FROM UCSD 

6131 Mission Gorge Rd . 
2 Blocks North of 1-5 

263-6116 

FOIIIIII · .. l. PlElElTI 
. 

, 

Wed .. Jan . 26 7·8 :30 
International Center 

. EAT,ORINK, AND BE WARY 
. 

Victoria Newman . M.S .. R.D . 
• . . 

Thurs . Jan . 27 7 :30·9 
Fourth College Cafeteria . Matthews Campus 

TIME, SPACE, AND HEALING 
Paul Brenner . M 0 

programs on campus. ThIs con-
sideration has gone a long way 
towards broadening course of-
ferings and quality. 

Projects which received support 
in the current school year included 
development of courseware used in 
the teaching of Apis 61, the con-
tinued growth of individual college 
writing programs, filming and 
productiqn of folk dancing 
movements. and the development 

Privacy ... 
[Continued from 1] 

agency. If the appeal is not ac-
cepted, the infonnation can be 
contested in court. 

Should a person learn that the 
information an agency has on him 
is confidential, he can seek civil 
action. A court would examine the 
record in camera and rule whether 
they contain any confidential In-
formation. , 

To insure the accuracy of its 
information. each agency would be.. 
required to collect it directly from 
the person involved " to the 
greatest extent practicable." The 

triton times 
David Elsen· Executl .. editor 
Mark Stadler · M .... glng editor 

Alan Russell · ..... EdltQl' 
Alec Nede1man · Aliloclat. N.ws editor 

Ran An~ - O~nton editor 

Gary Ghirardl· Advertising Director 

Shau.na Stokes· Production mo"'lIer 

Sue Nealon · Copy editor 

SCOII Sadil· Sports editor 

Tim MacKenzie· Arts editor 
Bill Brooks· Photo editor 

J oel C. Don· Anocl.t. N .... editor 

Vera fadoroy - Com'Nonlty editor 

BUMP Ii. 
RE-REV 

of undergraduate field work in 
anthropology . 

The Instructional Improvement 
Program is allocated funds from 
the Regent's Opportunity pool, 
which are matched by an equal 
disbursement from the State. 
General information regarding 
proposals as well as the specific 
submission format may be olr 
tained from Hull in the Academic 
Affairs complex, MC 105. 

use of information by other 
agencies would be regulateq. When 
information is given out , an ac-
count would be kept of the date, 
nature and purpose of the 
disclosure as well as the name, 
title and business of the person or 
agency to whom the infonnation is 
given. 

. Ve getarian Restaurant 
470Vol ta ire 51. 

O cean Beach. CA. 
Phone 224 ·8635 

Open Tues .·Sa l. 11·8 
a ndSun . l1 ·7 

[Close d Monday) 
••••••••••••••••••••• COUPON 

Student SpedaI 
Bring th is coupon in for a 
d elicio us so yburge r o r 
sunburger and a lemonade 

rfo r only) 
99(8lis 
(Regul.r price: $1 .70.1 

~. 
USTlE 
L 

UT_ay .... ' 
....211 

'\ .8:3a .. 
........ y. 

f.EE fa. all UC •• 
.'UDE.'. wnll 1.1l 

.,1 ......... II, UC.D ~.E ••• ,11. 



parking 
/ 

Students are ReIilinded 

''5'' '..,tl... ,.rMits .. V.lid in YEllOW SnIPED 
,.-king s,.c.. Only. (See C-,.. M.p). 

Cit8tioll ..... InNd I ...... '.rkl .... F ........... I. Yours." 
whit tIM ' ... 1 ....... II1II0... . 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223. 

£Clrn~lJ§ ~f()~rClITl I34xIrci 
()I f?Sf?1I Is 

Vincent Bu liosi 

Y. BugIie.1 II .p.akl... on 
CHARLES MANSON & i. the 
.uthor of HELTER SIELTE. 

... ...., 26, 1:00 p .... 
"'wl'" Auditorl. 
S ........ : $2.00 
Gell,. Ad .... lon: $3.00 

ticket. aw.'...... It Stud.nt 
C.nt.r Box Offlc. 

452·4559 

IFREE CHECKUtG 
no minimum balance 

University City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San DiegO, CA 92122 

453-8030 

Member 01 F 0 I C 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

459-9711 

. 

What a Difference a.Year 
by David Elsea 

ExecuUve EdItor 

Dick Satterlee Is congenial, 
candid, surprisingly honest for 
a coach. He Is also experienced-
17 successful years of high school 
coaching behind him. 

And presenUy, Satterlee is 2-15 
heading ua;o's basketball team. 

Just under one year ago, the 
Tritons were in the middle of a 
fJgtt for the NAIA playoffs, a fight 
that lasted until very late in the 
season when the team was 

eliminated. This season UCSD 
finished 2-12 in non-league play, 
has lost the first three league 
encounters, and sits in last place in 
the ~istrict 3 Southern Division. 

Though refusing to manufacture 
excuses, SaUerlee Is willing to 
explain his team's weaknesses, 
and some of reasons the Tritons 
have not won a game in over five 
weeks. J 

"It's obvious that we don't have 
an overabundance of talent," he 
said last \feet, "and many of the 
more talented players area't 
performing- up to their 
capabiliUes. " 

Meatal BreUdOW1l 
He blames part of the laUer on 

the road trip to Colorado and 
Wyoming .last month, when the 
Tritons were badly beaten in three 
straight games. "That was the 
beginning of our mental break-
down. The players weren't quite 
ready for three strong Division I 
schools." . 

The team is also without much 
experience. When veteran for-
ward's Mark Dobransky and Doug 
Skidmore left UCSO, and guard 
Bart Bardley decided to sit out the 
season, the Tritons found them-. 
selves with a young team. Melvin 
is the lone senior, and freshmen 
Tom Nicholson, Tom Omalev and 
Mark Runyan have seen a lot of 
action. 

"Another big factor in some of 
our losses is that we don't really 
have a true team leader. We lack 
the ta'ke-ch<lrge guy who gets you 

. through the tough spots." 
But what about the difference in 

coaches? Is it possible that the 
Tritons would be more successful if 
Cunningham wllre not away? 

What a difference a year makes. 
The coach last season was Barry 

Curmingham. When Cunningham 
left on sabbatical his assistant, 
SaUerlee, took over on a one-year 
basis for 1976-77. His stint has 
become something of a sentence. 

"That's very difficult to say. I 
think that he and I are basically in 
agreement about most things, so 
there hasn't been any great change 
in strategies. I put Il'Iore emphasis 
on defense, he puts more on offense 
- in fact that's the reason I came 
here in the first place - for balance. 

Junior Lee Brockett , shown here 
the few pleasant surprises this season 

UCSD Dance Drill Team "Just A F 
by Judy WaltoD 

Staff Writer 

Whoever said that the organized 
endeavor of creativity known as '!drill 
team" was a passing high school fancy, 
alien to the rarified atmosphere of 

intellectuali~m here at UCSD? 
The official UCSD Dance Drill Team 

would like to allay any suspicions that 
"drill team" was only a high school 
memory. It is, indeed, alive and 
flourishing in our very midst. 

Started last year by sophomore Sue 
Livezy, the team originally consisted of 
five women. They did not gain much 
recognition last year in the wake of all 
the other sports here at UCSD, but they 
did work on perfecting new techniques 
and routines. 

This year, all five members,are back, 

plus three new. enthusiasts. And the 
theme for this year, according to 
member Cindy Hamilton, "Is to get 

--

more_ involved. We would 
become more active in school 

So far this year, the only 

UCSD Dance Drill Team : from left to right ; Sue Lillezy, Cindy 
Susan Raub . Cathie Massey. Kerry Abbott . Linda Rampershad. 
Burback. Jeanette Acosta . 

©~~u~ 
R.eading &. Study Skills Classes 

The Reading and Study Ski lls · Program offers groups designed \0 assist students, 
ts who request help with developing effective reading and study skills. Groups will be offered 
bpginning February 1,1977. . 

Winter QUQrter, 1977 
Study Skills Class s 

, lion 1 
Se tion 2 

lffcn ivc RE'Jding lasses 
51' lion 1 
SE'ction 2 
l'( lion 3 

4Ses ions 
(2/1,2/8,2/15,2/22) 

(2/1,2/8,2/1~,t/22) 
12 ~~' ,ion 

(B('gins 2/3) 
(LWgim 2/3) 
lOt'gin 2/3) 

Tues. 1:00 pm. 
Tues . 2:00 p.m. 

Tu-Thurs. 9:00 a.m. 
Tu-Thurs 1000a.m 
Tu·Thurs . 11 :00 d.m. 

m to the OA I offi , tudent Center Complex: BUilding B, to ~ign up for a group For ad-
(Ilt lon,ll mformiltion about th R ad lng and Study kill s Program; on tact Barbara Penn at the 
OA . II) offin', 452- l760. 

Wedilesday, January %1,1177 

I 

kes: The Coach Tells Why 

against Azusa Pacific. has been one of 
Dick Sotterlee . 

ing to Do" 
activity at which they've performed is 
intercollegiate basketball. 'l'hough they 
have easily been mistaken for 
cheerleaders upon occasion, they ac-
tually do very little regular 
cheer leading, and it is not one of their 
chief objectives. "We're sort of a 
cooperative deal," said Hamilton, 
"without a leader or supervisor. We 
mainly work on new routines and it's 
mostly our own choreography. It's just 
a fWi thing to do... · . 

The team currenUy practices four 
hours a week, on Thursday and 
Saturday. All the uniforms, according 
to Hamilton, were made by blind. In an 
effort to get Inore involved, the drill 
team urges any teams . or other 
organizations who are interested in 
ha ving them perfo'rm for their games to 
get in contact with the Dance Drill 
Team through the P .E. Department. 

More Structured 
"I tend .to do things more 

structured than Barry. All of our 
practices are timed to the minute. 
When he left, he gave no specific 
instructions and I caJl!t see any big 
differences in the team that have 
occured between the two of us." 

Of this season's varsity, only Joe 
Greenstein spent muCh time on the 
junior varsIty. Though Satterlee 
sees a fallure of the JV program to 
produce varsity~uality players, he 
says that this fallure is occuring all 
across the country_ 

"The JV programs of most 
schools are failing, mainly because 
of the rule that now allows fresh-
men to play varsity. Now, most 
players who are ever going to play 
varsity do it for four years." 

Satterlee sums up his squad's 
problems saying, "We just don't 
have the degree of talent to 
compete at the level we're at this 
year, and we don't have the 
neceSsary experience. We have 
overscheduled - we definitely won't 
schedule as many Division I teams 
for next year." 

The coach, smiling, adds " It will 
be very difficult at this stage to 
tum the season Qrol1!ld. There is no 

doubt in my mind, though , that if 
we stay away from injuries, we can 
still play competitively with any 
team in the conference." 

Unless the team does turn its 
season around, however, Sat-
terlee's problems will continue. 
And in the mearitime, he is con-

Dick Satterlee 

templating whether or not to come 
back to UCSD next year a:; an 
assistant coach. . 

The grandstands at the 18th hole of Torrey Pines will be full this 
weekend during the Andy Williams San Diego Open . 

. £ctfn()lJ§ ()r()~r rn I3txlrcl 
Friday and Satwday Films 

The Night Porter 
Jan. 28 Friday 

Mandeville Aud itorium 
7 P.M. & 9:30 P.M. $1.25 

'''TIIE .an PGITBI' 
IlIGUIITIC 
POIJIIO&IIPIIY. , . 
• hedIc _ 011 • • AmOng 
......... '. v-.._ 
"'..-... it •• ttong 
...-..,..10 do onalloor 
_mool ..... .-..-
do .... ch*,_"'_ ... _ • _, tum-onI 

.-- -.-.--

Page 5 

Special Section is the celebrated film adaption of Herve 
Villere 's "The Affair of The Special Section." Special Section 
is an analysis of man and power, The French State of its 
• • . " I Irratl~nallty , of Its large scale display, and of its oppressive 
machinery. 

January 30 
730pm and 900 pm 
Stuoent Center Bldg. C 

$200 all 

AlL ,seAT,1 R!~I '7.~ • • .-'0, ~ W t.NQ.UPf.,S f'AIINHG) 
AVALAB4,.t.U AlL &lu. GAM8l.r...s Hlru STona", ALl.. MOliGOHtflV 
=~~S=:.tALL""" nwr OU~~l?v...~~ r=i4"ii~::~ 

• fI'IIIIOOUC.lGl IfY' P'Uf"I ~T'ltOH$I!It "'vtO I"OU.IT ~ 



Cl.lssifie4 btM 
Stuctent80t . 25 cents 
P'er80nal. - 50 cents . 
Lost .,., F ounG· Ir .. 
Non-liudenl.,.· $1 
Deadline al t pm. two 
days prior 10 pubNcation. 
Ads may be sUbmit ted 
bet_ a·1Oand 12-2 on 
MWF. 8-11 and 1·3'OnTIh. 

fOR SAlE 

72 Vega GT IuoIchbaci< 42.000 miles new 
l)rakes . lrans. $1200 or beSI offer Gall Dee 
153-4990 (1/:1111 

For sale supergtass 195cm skils binding 
llMhiking boots ~a powder pants books 
459-6284 RiChntghl (1/26) 

1'1. butcher block table, Sunbeam mix· 
masler mixer (new) Call 453·0797 best belore 
9 am or alter 6 pm (1/28) 

Kingsize waterbed w/mattress & htr. SI00 
firm . hOme & car 81rac plyr, 81rac tapes, 7 ft . 
couch , dresser. 19" color (t 128) • 

triton times 

Wiloon ... " Irona I .. !her grips sel 01 nine 
$100.00. (All 453·7870 ask'or Jell (1/31) 

One slightly uaed Lord Protector" 

Kawlsa~i 500. 1970 racing mach 3. Xlnl 
conditon . Low miles . s.4OO or beat oil ... MIA.t 
.... 11 . ~3-3 727. 

1969 Toyota Corona Mark Z S900 automatic 
WJry good oondlttlon: Call 7515-80n after 6 
p.m. 

Casetle decl<· Sony TCI21 ·aulo tournoff , Cal 
switch. Call Peter~2·1918 . 

Car Covers: 1 'or VW Bug $50: 1 for Porsche 
911 S60 Call 481-()843 Marts (1/28) Ski boot&-Lange Phanl&ms. B,.,..d new! 23- Gllan Touring bike 'ull 531 . Cell aller 5, Used once. Wor1h SI60, will sell 'or 590. Gall ' 753-0617 . 
Surfboards 7·2 Clinton 145, 7· 10 Turner S35 
e • . condo Gullar ex. cond o S70 Cell 48t -9832 
evs. (1/28) 

7515-4259 all . 6 . (2/9) -

Scuba gear·everything bul tank, regulBlor, 
gauges. Worth $350. Witt .... 11 'or SalO. Call 

_ 155-4<!59 "'t. 6 (2/9) ~.~ .... ~"".~ .. ' ....... ~~ !Co:a ... ~TNI.l'yl· Etectrlc Iypewriter Underwood'5 Inch olflce J . :&.YUY& U model elite $'25. Gall Greg ~3-'868. BL<X>D D A ~\ Typewriter, Underwood electric, '15 Inch, 
I - ~ ... .&~ office desk model, eli le type. Call Greg 453-
, ' 983 India f 1868 (2/4) 
f 327 F Street . . ( . 1976 Honda XL350 excellent condillon new 

~ PAYS DONORS f rear tire, chain and sproke! 5OOOml. $750 ( , t Sieve 452·9790 (1/28) 
f 

for Service ; Kabuki louring 10 speed stainless sleel Irame 
, : aluminum components Saimano Deraileur 

Mon. - Frl. , I pumt plus lock w/cable incld. Mint cond o 
, 233-5481 '. ~ $'20 or best of'er. Call Marsall 453-7450 
, 234-4601 1 i (1/ 261 
.. ~~ ............................. ~ ......................... t, 
r----~--~--------~--------, 

IEED MOIEY? 
WilT I JOB WITI FLEIIRE .. ..., 

"BE A BARTElIiR" 
Learn a new, excitina career that pays well and can be 

used while aoing to colleal!. Morni_g, afternoon and 
evenina classes available to fit your schedule. 

Make -..1 to change your life. 
Call "Steve" or "Dennis" Hours 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. 

America. Bartenders School 
; 

1357 • 7th Ave S.n Diego CA. 92101 
~---------------~---~------

UCSD THEATRE 
WINTER PRODLCflQNS: 

1he1bl<.i~ 
or: Mi5S JOJ . (proAXOti~ 

Denlll Club meeting' 127 al ,' ;OO In the old 
resident d .. ns office ICr()sa 'rom post ollice 
evry' welcome. (1/281 
Psst Pam educalethe masses lellthem you'll 
see Ihem Wed 7:30 at the Zionism lecture 
2'35 Blo love Ed (1/28) 
Beach houu needs one male roomlNlte. 
Your room ha window that looks at ocean. 
Hurry . S'30 DeYe488-8227. 

Posllion now open on Ihe Revelle Committee 
on College Affairs. For inlo and applications 
go to Revelle Comm . Center (212) 

Medicat School having placemenl protllems 
lor med school? Call (213) 331 ·2490 or write: 
MediCal Siud. 

Thanks 10 all Ihose gleat people who made 
my 20th so special. The Cookies were great. 
Love Va. Boob 

S. Drexy and I·Ching, so SOtry 10 have miSsed 
you. Do come again. We are ready for and 
eagerly awaiting your nexl vlsil . Keep In 
looch . M & K 

Sat. nlte 1/22 10· '1 : We love your moans, 
pfease identily. K·l0, K·4 , R·l1, 0-8 

Third College Senior. are inviled 10 sing up 
'or tHe Th ird College Graduation Committee 
at the Dean's Office. We will be responsible 
for planning all aspecl of Ihe commencement 
and we need yoor ideas. 

HOII Rockman , actor, seeks female for 
salislylng relationship . Phone 75HI592. 

CITIZENS FOR SAFE RESEARCH will be 
holding Its firsl open meeting on Wed . Jan. 
26 al 6:30 pm In rm . 6016 VA Hospital. "" 
those interested in helping raise communi\)! 
awareness aboot recombinant DNA research 
are Invited to attend. 

Feb.3-b 8-13 . 
8 PM I tXSo TI1eotre, 

-BUY TJCKElS ~W-
KKING,.~~~ (~~ 

!Jb..uierb $tOO FAI ~,3.50 
Oc'5J)· 'Tht.3tre.11cN4t~ 

~d~-Fr" daJj '(\00"- q.:oo 

Feb, Ib-lQ 
8PM~ 10 PM 

Feb. '8fJ19 ~h-tOOI~ 
SAlfS 8EQIN 'FEBl 

-SALES BEGIN 'fElj,Z~ 

WANTEd · 
Volunt"; lutors ~ed 'or 10w·lnoolNl 
children 0' La Jolla, I aUernoon, Mon.· Thu .. 
call 469-531' (1/131) 

Typlstl proo'reeder , night hOUri at 
newspaper prlnler. Cefl 438-37~7 . 

Position now open on Revelle comm"l" on 
College ""alrs. Info and applications 
_Ifableln ReveiteComm Cenler (212) 

Applications are now being accepted 'or Muir 
ori.ntlltion aidS appfy Ihrough student 
employment (212) 

-Prlmlere Elap'- French book. Good price. 
Calf St .. e 817515-4843. 

Need chiklcarel";" 0 month old beby Tues. & 
Thurs. morning 224-26~1 . (1128) . 

SERVicES 
TYPlJ1g • 61tarllyn would like 10 lulf lll your 
typing needs .. expert, realOnabte, h88 an 
IBM . New .27(}.67~ (214) 

. ASB Special : Unisex hairstyling' 12 price. 
Haircul. shampoo. blow dry. SS.OO. Calf 459-
8229 for appls. The Hair Slylisl , 7563 Girard 
(3 12') 
Losl unwanted pounds & Inches. Healthy & 
easy way 10 lose welghl & keep II off . Call 
Lynn 481 ·8290 13121) 

CAMPBELL· BALLOU typist. Clairemonl Sher 
279-,418 (3 / 21) 

WOMANC"RE: Self· Help Clincl , Aborlion, 
Prenatal . Annual Exams. '050 Garnel, P.B. 
488·7591 . . 

MEDtCAL :;CHOOL having platemenl 
problems for mad school? We can help you 
find a place now In Italy. For informstion call 
(2' 3) 331 · 2490 or write : MEDICAL 
STUDENTS ABROAD 5120 Nearglen Ave . 
Covina, Calif 91724 (3121) 

Attention I All sludents Inleresled In law 
school . There wilt be an Importanl meeting, 
Thursday . Jan. 27th, at noon In the Studenl 
Cenler COI'ference Room 10 organize apr&-
law Inlormatlon oollectlve. Please attend. 

Studio api , near beach-Pacific Beach area. 
Nice ~ltchen , utilities paid S115/mo. 
negotlable270-4819 (1128) 
To share spacious 3 br hoose In Del Mar with 
1 olher person. All amenities & view 755-3642 
755·7216 (1 /28) 
Roomat.. share co-ed house. Preler 
lemales. Must apprec iate clean house 
SI00/mth own!bom 753-7621 (1/28) 

Room and board In exchange 'or chlldcare 
mornings. $ lor housework· oplional. 753- . 
6062 or ext. 39018. . 

Beach house needs roomale. Olreclly on 
beach In Mission Beach. Only $95 monlh. 
Hurry for a room~ Dave 488·8227 . (1 (28) 

Room for 1f PVT BATH In Cia Ire mont house 
PVT BATH no smoking, prefer grad, PVT 
BATH , $'00, ph 27().7983. 

Wan I to give away palace 10 UCSD Monarch. 
Appl ications available soon ... walch 
ctassifiedS for info .. 

Female roommate needed . S70 a month In 
P.B. Call 270-3302. 

Need M or F roommate $1171 mo, own room , 
Pac Bch 488 4160 after 7 (1 128) 

WedDelday, "' ... ry"lI77 

EUROPE ISRAEL AFRICA .- Student charter 
fIIghls yea' round ISCA 1808 W.stwood Blvd . 
.'03, L. ... . Cetll . 9002~ (213)8:111·5889, Il28-
09515(312') 

SUPER TRAVEL BARG ... ISI Specllll.sln the 
best deaf 'or you". call TMT Travel ~2·1981 . 
EUROPE, H"W"II and ... SIA charter IItghts. 

B~ on campuI! crEE Student Travel 
SIlrvlces . ()pen M·F 1·5 pm. Gall ~52.()830 
(6112) 

SUPER TR"VE" BARG"INS Specialists In 
the best deaf 'or YQU ,,~ Cell TMT .452-1981 
(3/ 21,. 

lOsT . ' rOUNd 
Found : Racketballl*ldte, In TT offlce'ound 
Friday . 21 In HL ctaaeroom. 

, 

Lost plaid 'checl<erd I hlrtcoat on- Friday In 
H80SS '105 need PIIp8O' In pocket call Marc III 
453-8348. 

LOSI prescrlpllon mirrored lungl_ & 
Smllh ski goggles. PI .... retu/tt to Ravelle 
Resident Dean'. oIlice (no qu .. llons) Thank 
you: 

Lost : raCquelball raci<et in HL "48 bet_n 
' :50 & 3:00 on Fri. 21 st . Pteese retum 10 n 
office or call Paul 755-6192. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS' 
Calplrg's annual organlzalional meellrlQ w ill 
be lonlle al 7:30 In lhe No. Conf. ~oom In Ihe 
Student Center . Staff members will •• plaln 
wha l Calpirg is Irying 10 accompfish and will 
elaborate on the various projecls. 

Meeling Wed Jan 26 VA·Hospl1al6016 7 pm 
on recombinant DNA issue . 
4th College Whale Watching Expadllion. Sat. 
Jan. 29. Call x458' fOr Inlo. 

Motivational Workshop. For unmotivated 
studenls. Call .3490 'or info. Revelle 
Counseling Olc. 
Cit izens lor Safe Research tn'or· 
mation/o'ganlzatlon meeting on Wed , Jan . 
26 al 7 pm in VA hospflal 6016 (6th floor 
conference room) on Ihe recOmbinant DNA 
research Issue. 

Do yoo or yoo~ group have lalent ? Would you 
I ike 10 win prizes or ouarant8eO bookings? It 
you can .nswer " yes" to theae questions . 
audillon 'or Ihe UCSD Tatenl Showcase 
(open 10 'acully, Siudent and slall.) More 
info at all Dean 's Offices and EDNA. 

Volunt_s needed to assist In public 
programs al TORREY PINES STATE 
RESERVE - lead nalure wilks, presenl films 
and slide programs! 
Interesled? 
For more Informallon contact Ranger Paul 
Anderson 755-2063 or Gene Barber 745.()373. 

Biology 177, "Topics In Marine Biology", 
Spring quarler 1977 open for applicallons: 
This 15 unit research-oriented course of'ers a 
varelly 01 independent "rojecls cenlered 
abOOI the biOlog'y 0' Ihe echinoderms. 
t1\lerested sludents should obtain ap-
pllcalion form from Judy In 2'30 Bonner Hall 
(x2007) and make an appolnlment lor an 
In terview. Prerequisites: none , but coors.,. In 
invertebrate zoology or marine biology, and ' 
upper class standing recommend. Inlerview 
deadline January 28. 

Wed. Fourth <follege Outing Club Meeting 4 
p.m .. Rae Cenler (MC711) 

Sat. Fourlh College Whale Watching 
~x padilion 452·4581 . 

......... In.'S 

Phil Och's New Album 
ChordsOf Fame'Follow New Trend 

.. . 

Ted Navlr B..te 
Staff Write, 

Chorda of "11M . Phll Ochs (AI&M) 
Phil Oehl hanged hlmseH In mid-78, a fact that 

makes the second disc of this double record collection 
aU the more morbidly fascinating. At the zenith of his 
popularity, Ochs was ' a facile prote'st 
singer/songwriter during the Sixties, an able rabble 
rouser 'at peace rallies and civil rights marches who . 
could fire donnant liberal sympathies Into anger and 
shame. 

The advent of the Seventies meant a total turn 
aroWld of musical styles and political attitudes 
(today's rock audience exhibits no more social 
concern, en 1IIUIe, than the bObby soxers. who nung 
themselves at Elvis), and OeM., still the white kl!ight 

of worthy causes, was eonsidered, passe, and his' 
music became an object of Instant obsolescence, ' 

Not content to be a professional has-been, Oebs 
attempted on his last few albums (Pleasures of tile 
Harbour, Tape From CaUfonda, Pbil Ochl' Greatest 
Hits, and Rehearsals for Retirement) to follow the 
new musical trends, using rock musicians, Sgt. ' 
Pepper styled 'electronic effects, and massive or-
chestration cast in the mold of Charles Ives. The net 
result was a confused jUmble of affectations, with 
plenty of good material getting buried WIder an 
avalanche of desperate ginunickry. His later songs, 
at their best and most penetrating, were haunting 
encapsulations, sketching the displaced anomie of his 
generation finding itself In a new set of cultural 
conditions where people would rather dance than 
refonn, and eerity foreshadowing Oebs' own sense of 
self-apocalypse. 

"Tape From California", the song, is a rocking 
SOjourn tbrouib an activist 's shattered psyche, 
someone awa1:ening from a long sleep and 

~ov.mg a terrain riot covered by- commiUed 
yo~ b14 rather by hippies, drug freaks, record 
company PR men, hip magazine writers, and a dozen 
otben searching for the ultimate ill epicurian delight. 

"1be Crucifixion", Oebs' masterwork, Is a c0m-
plex, extended allegory about the way a culture 
treats its heros (Christ and Kemedy); according the 
figures the best virtues they'd like to see In them-
selves, and then watching them with necrophiliac 
glee as they are systematically destroyed. a process 
that begins once the heros encroach too close to 
where the change:; must be made. The version here 
Is, blessedly, live, free of the special effects clutter 
that ruined the studio original. Oebs' voice Is plain-
tive an~ unadorned, with an implicit, devastating 
sorrow to phrasing. 

"TheWsr Is Over", first seeming like one of the 
brillant anti-war tomes Ochs was capable of writing, 
turns out inStead to be solipsist daydream. Ochs had 
been a veteran of countless free benefits and was 
dismayed that he could sing and declare the same 
worn out polemics time after time and effect nothing, 
except perhaps eliciting a momentary surge of seU 
righteous, smug radicalism In his audiences. The 
war, meanwhile, trudged on, a fact that caused Oebs 
to throw his hands In the air and declare the war was 
over, at least as far as he was concerned. 

1be final number, "No More Songs", concludes the 
album on a thoroughly depressing note . Voice and 
melody drenched In defeatist melanchQlia, he 
enumerates the people he's known, the things he's 
believed In, the lovers he's had, and moans that all 
was In vain. With the past being meaningless, he 
moans that they're" .. . no more songs", and then his 
voice recedes into a numbing orcbestral backwash. 

Sadly, the first record, comprised of his strictly 
protest material, · Is the least interesting of the set. 
The topicality is dated and irrelevant to anyone's 
present state of mind, and the enthusiasm of Oebs' 
idealism comes off as youthfully smug and em-
barrassing,.The embarrassment has more to do with 
our own memories than with Oebs' politics, though. 
Chord of Fame scam the chronology from the way we 
were, thinking we could change the world with good 
sentiments if not concrete policies, to the way we are 
now,' with ideals sl:lattered and wearing a chic 
cynicism. One hopes we weather future changes 
~tter than Oebs managed, 

Ririe-Woodbury:More than Dance 
by San J. Lowen 

In their concert in the Man-
deville Center Audltoriwn last 
Friday, the Ririe-Woodbury Dance 
Company demonstrated that 
costwnes an~ props can be used to 
detennine the boundaries and 
qualities of a dance, rather than 
just being acCessories to it. 

The most successful example of 
thls was a dance called 
"Obliquities," In which the dan-
cers' costwnes determined their 
movements. The dancers wore 
jumpsuits with strips of fabric 
sewn to the wrists which attached 
to the dancer's,feet or the'feet of 
another dancer, allowing the 
dancer to manipulate his feet (or 
his partner's feet) by moving his 
arms. The Immedlate effect was 
that of extraterrestial creatures, 
an effect enhanced by the brightly-
colored suits and the stark lighting, 
The dancers' movements conveyed 
a sense , of man struggling to 
overcome his limitations, to break 
free from imprisonment. The score 
by John Cage added an eerie 
quality to the dance_ 

The use of prope, cOltwnes, and 

slide projection was also 
prominent In an eight piece suite 
called "Fabrik" but with less 
success than in "Obliquities." Ai; 
the name lluggests, "Fabrik" 
centered around the use of lengtbs 

of fabric, capes and gauze veils In 
the dances. At times, the props ient 
an interesting quality to the dance, 
as in "Gauze" In which the trans-
parent veils worn by tI!e dancers 

Continued on Page 8 

"Kushner Look" at Gallery: 
Satirical 'Look at Clothing 

by Debbie Schwartz 
StaHWrlter 

It has often been said that " clothes make the , man." Are fashion 
designers, tailors, and seamstresses the molders of our personalities? 

A recent performance at the Mandeville Gallery by a fonner UCSD 
student, Robert Kushner, was dedicated tothe subject of clothing and the 
symbolic morality it creates, That KOIner LGok, ODe Size Fits All, was an 
appropriate tiUe for this satirical and artistic Inquiry Into the social and 
psychological aspects of clothing. 
. The presentation was divided into three thematic sections in which 
Kushner modeled his personally-designed garments fashion-show style to 
the accompaniment of music and poetry. The first section, displaying 
winter and spring fashions, was highlighted by strategically-placed fur 
pieces. . 

Puerto Vallarto to Iran 
The section described hats to be worn on vacation In Puerto Vallarto 

and Included a cocktail beanie in "Reptile Red" and a "Zane Gray" 
travelling hat that doubles as a piece of carry~ luggage. Kushner's 
"Persian Line," influenced by his recent trip 

Coatinued oa Pale 8 

4Happy Hour 
Every day of the yea •• 
2-7 pm -- PIau,. 
br.ncIs at 15 cents • 
weekday hot and cold 
bon d'oeuvr ... Come 
soon .nll sh.re • 
sunset. 

RESERVATIONS: 
459-0541 

The Electric Light Orchestra headllrles a concert at the Sports Arena 
this Sunday with supporting actS Firefall and Steve Hillage. 

Dave Mason and the New Riders of the Purple Sage will perform 
tonight at Golden Hall. 

The Steve Miller Band is slated for a Sports Arena appearance 
February 5. Miller's Fly Ute An Eagle LP was among the top albums of 
1976. featuring the hit singles "Take The Money And Run," " Rackin' Me 
Baby" and "Fly LIke An Eagle," Opening the concert will be hannonicist 
Norton Buffalo. 

Foghat and Rick Derringer will appear at the Sports Arena on 
February 10, 

This Friday Etta James will be singing at the Back Door at the Aztec 
Center, San Diego state University. There will be two shows, at 8 and 
10:30. 

The jasslblues soWld of the Mose Allison Trio is coming to Montezuma 
Hall, SDSU, February 7, 

The the liottest family act since the Osmonds, will be 

Lessons ' Repairs 
. ~·~~~.l!Jp~·r~~n:\ · 

. M an ~~-~~~~j:e • 
. 509 So, Hwy 101 Encinitas 

753-1775 

WEDNESDAY JANUARY 26 
lin DIIGO"'. 

AU SUTS IUUYt:D: , ..,., 6. 
Tichts Av.illbl. at Sin 01'10 Civic Thllt" loa Office, 

lfd and "I " Str"t~o~II~~~r~~tio~'~~11 ~~6~5~~~ all Metro "'tncies 

Everything'~ At the Top! 
Dining - Cockt.11s - ... *. ~ live en-
tenalnlBent, An elegut eleveaclliloor oce.n-M", 
.trn_phere where ~ attire .... ~fort rua. 
Sund.y BuUet Brunch, 10-2:30 '1'4.8J- JUices. 
fruits ... lad. three hot~ . ntrees ..... br •• kf ... 
m ..... much more_ 

Dinner hom 6 p,m . !1lghtty. <;;ourmet food : prime 
rib, r.ck of I.mb. beef We tngto... _ioods, 

teak •• duckllng. many veal selecdons. 



Pal· I 

Day re Situation ' 
Up hi the Air--Again 

''The Day Care Center was an 
impoIIible situation," according to 
Laura Michetti, Manager of 
Businea Services, in describing 
condittona at the Day Care Center 
before $26,000 of refurbishing was 
completed this smnmer. Now, 
Michetti feels, "The cen~r is 
something with which the 
university would want to be 
associated." . 

Despite this praise, the center is 
not without its probletIlS. 
Education costs are high and day 
care is no exception. For the fiscal 
year 1977 the center is budgeted at 
$83,000. A significant amount of 
this money comes from outsi<Je 
sources such as the United 
Way/CHAD, fees charged to 
parents, and California Depart· 
ment of Education grants. 

An additional amount of '10,000 
is paid out of registration fees. It is 
this money and the $26,000, which 
also came out of registration fees, 
that have aroused questions 
concerning the nature of day care 
on·tbiseampus. 

Day Care • Who Cares? 
UCSD has no legal responsibility 

to provide day care, Michetti 
explained. In fact, there are county 
and state .agencies which provide 
child care services. "These 
facilities are often hard to get into. 
A student may not have access to 
transportaUoo to and from the 
facility and then to school as well. 

The situation might be different 
if a county center was located right 
across from the campus," . 
Michetti said. Josie Foulks, head 
of the Day Care Center, continues, 
"'The' center is here to meet 
student needs, especially single 
students, then to meet the needs of 

Rec F acility ~ .. 
[ConUnued from 1] 

Forbes believes that there is 
no danger that such an event 
will occur. Bee, however, 
remains uncertain. He contends 
that registration fees should not 
be a "guarantor" fund source 
since so few students will be 
served by the recreational 
facility. 
"Blatant Disregard of Policy" 
One student member of the 

Advisory Committee on Student 
Fee Programs, who asked not to 
be identified, concurs. He 
stated, "the fashion in which the 
registration fees have been used 
to cover the regental loan 
represents a blatant disregard 

university employees. " 
Last sununer the center was 

refurbished in order to comply 
with Department of Education 
regulations ~ thereby be eligible 
for state grants. Due to tbeIe 
regulations the center requires a 
greater amount of administration 
in preparlnc currlclllum and a~ 
plying for assistance. . 

It can serve fewer people 
-be.cause of space per child 
limitations, and requires more 
staff to maintain the necessary one 
to four teacher-student ratio. 
However both Michetti and Foulks 
felt that the present situetion was 
in general better than what it had 
been in the past. 

In the first six months of this 
year's operation the center has 
spent $41,000 out of its budget. The 
costs during the second six months 
are expected to be higher, since 
during three of those first six 
months the center was not in full 
operation due' to vacation. An 
additional grant of $3,000 has 
already been applied for. If the 
center should go into deficit, 
Michetti said, the needed money 
would most likely come from 
registration fees. 

Kids World 
"The two most rElliable ways of 

reducing day care cost are first, 
gifts and donations from com-
panies or private individuals, and 
second, a reliable group of 
volunteers", says Michetti. 
Although the impact 'of this first 
method is unc~rtain, it is true that 
a large portion of day care funding 
does indeed go toward payini~ 
salaries. Foulks asks students w 
"Please come and volunteer. It is 
an excellent experience and is a 
chance to get away from the hard 
world and into a world of 
children. " 

of university policy" 
"The situation is especially 

delicate" he said, "since we are 
currently in the process of 
deliberating whether or not to 
increase registration fees in the 
future. Students will not 
tolerate more increases in the 
fee level especially to pay for 
facilities not of primary student 
service." 

Bee feels that Forbes must 
find another funding source to 
guarantee the regental loan. If 
not, Forbes' dream of a golf, 
tennis, swim and ski paradise 
may indeed be in serious 
jeopardy. 

ould you liffe to help run the University? 
STUDENT REGENT 

and nominating commission 
Applications Ire now being taken In the UCSD 
Associated Students office, second lloor 01 the 
North Student Center, lor the position 01 
STUDENT REGENT. TM pertan chosen wlU be 
the third Itudent to become a voting member of 
the UC BOlrd 01 Regents . 

All currently enrolled students , who will attend 
I UC campus next year, are encouraged to 
Ipply. Time commitment end expertl .. In 
... leWlde UC IUUH Iffectlng students will be 
I major crlt.,Iu" In the selection prOCHI. 
Thesa IUUH Include flnlnclal aldl acl-
mlntstratlon , budgetlry matte ... , educational 
quility . student .ervlce., allirmative action. 
student rights, Ind major leglslltlon. 
Application de.dllne Is Febtu.lry 6, 1978. Ind 
all Ippllcatlon. must be tumed In to the A.S. 
office. Appllclnt. will be screened by two 
reglonll NOMINATING COMMISSIONA 
composed 01 one greduate and one Url-
dergraduate from eech campus. Studentl 
Interested In serving on these commlsslonl 
should slso pick up appllcltlons at the A.S. 
office. The deadline lor commission 81> 
pl lcatlons I, l lso February 6. 

- For lurther In/orl1llltlon , contact Jeff Mlr1I1 ~ ANEX Director or Andy Schneider, Coordlnater 
452.4450. 

.............. 

NEWS BRIEFS 
- . 

• collecting bOoks. "We hope there Dow ChemICal will be broad student par· 
. ticipaUon," _ said undergraduate 

Plant Construction li~~=~:~DLibrary 
. are' sponsoring the Contest, which Delayed Gittelsohn calls "bibUomania at Its 
(SACRAMENTO)~Dow Chem-

ical Company wlll not build its 
proposed ,500'million petro-
chemical plant on the Sacramento-
San Joaquin River Delta-at least 
not yet. . 

In a statement Wednesday, the 
giant international chemical 
company announced it has "in-
definitely delayed" construction of 
a petro-chemical plant near 
Antioch. The facility was to 
process oil, some of it from Alaska, 
into petro-chemical products for 
the West Coast. 

"The p18nt site was ideally 
suited for supplying this area," 
said Ray Brubaker, general 
manager for Dow's western 
operation. "Half of our products 
are sent into the San Francisco 
Bay 'area and north, and the other 
half into th&Los Angeles Area." . 

Brubaker said "The permitting 
process for new facilities has 
proved to be so involved and ex-
pensive that for the time being, at 
least, it is impractical to continue 
with this project." 

"When we build a facility the size 
of this one, we plan on staying for 
at least a 5O-year period. We want 
to locate in an area where the 
people and the government want 
us/':"he said. 

The construction of the propOsed 
plant was opposed by ecologists as 
being potentially dangerous to the 
environment; especially to the 
Suisun marsh. "We don't know 
how dangerous the plant would 
have been," said Larry Moss of the 
'Planning and Conservation 
League. "Dow never supplied the 
(environmental impact) in-
formation to the state, so no 
decision could be made on per· 
mits". That is why the Bay Area 
Air Pollution Control District 
(BAAPCD) refused to grant Dow a 
building permit, he said. 

·Hugh McIntosb 

UCSD Book 
Collection Contest 

The third annual UCSD Book 
Collection Contest, to be held in 
April, is open to all undergraduate 
students who have an interest in 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : . 

MCaT Over 35 yea,. " I of expe"ence 
OaJ end success 

" SmellCle_ LSAT Voluminous home GRE' study mltet'iels 
Cou,ses tfllt .,. ARSB conltently updlted 

OCAT Te~ feciliti" fo, ~ I ,evllWS of cl_ I_n. end fo, u. 
CIlAT of lU~plementery rR I mlte"als FLEX Make'IIps fo, ECFMG miJMd lellOns 

NAT'L MEO BOS 
. SAT-VAT 

SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2180 Garnet. Pec:ific Buch 92109 

Phone 714-210-6810 

~ 
EDUCATIONAL 

CENTER 

B,anch. in mejo, us clti" 
end Switzerlend 

highest." Collections must center 
on a speclflc subject, author, group 
of authors, printer, book binder or 
illustrator. Past entrants have 
included topics such as chesa, 
running, and Americans in World 
War I. 

Gittelsohn stresses that (he 
collections need not be. "Just 
traditional," and books may r8D8e 
from paperbacks to fll'St editions, 
as long as they are relevant to the 
topic. 

Students who submit their 
collections of 25-30 books by the 
April 11 deadline may be eUgible 
for one of the cash prizes of '150, 
'100, and $75 to be awarded to the 
top three entrants. An important 
factor in choosing the winners, said 
Gittelsohn, will be the ac· 
companying bibliographical essay 
to be written by the entrant about 
his or her collection. The seven 
leading collections will be 
displayed .in the Cluster 
Ur¥iergraduate Library. 

Judging the collections on April 
25 will be Barbara Cole of the La 
Jolla Bookseller; Robert F. Lewis, 
head of the Biomedical Library, 
Geor-gina Peyton, Collection 
Development Coordinator; and 
Donald Wesling, Associate 
Professor of literature. The judges 
will loot( for "feeling" in the en-

~ries they screen, Said Gittelsohn. 

UGSD Staff Pay 
Hikes Under Fire 
(SACRAMENTO)-Gov. Brown's 
2.2 percent pay increase for tHe 
academic staff at California State 
Universities and Colleges (~UC) . 
came under fire from ~ue 
Chancellor, Glenn Dumke, Monday 
at a meeting of the California Post 
Secondary Education Commission 
(CPEC). 

Meeting in Long Beach, the 
commission wants to consider the 
annual update to the five year plan 
for post secondary education in 
California. However, it spent about 
an hour discussing its preliminary 
report on salary increase for the 
academic staff at CSUC and UC. 
Brown used this report as the basis 

Kushner ... 
[Contdlued from 7] 

to Iran, was a selection of evening 
wear. This third section showed an 
obvious fascination for capes and 
veils. , 

Fundamental motives for 
clothing, such as protection, 
modesty, and decoration;_ were 

Dance .. ~ 
[ConUnued from 7] 

gave them an apparitional quality. 
The combination of the costumes 
and the dancers' hand and wrists 
isolations and rituaUstic gestures 
suggested an other wo.;ldly 
assemblage. "Cocoon" also made 
interesting use of gauzy fabric, in 
which ' pairs of dancers were en-
cased. The dancers' vibrato 
movements and stretches were 
suggestive of the metamorphosil 
of 8 caterpillar into 8 butterfly. 

But -the \lie of props in the 
remaining dances of the suite W88 
larly gimmicky, because it ftS not 
backed up by interesting 
choreography. The dancers fell to 
twirling around in capes, a la Loie 
Fuller, or jumping over lengths of 
fabric. The abstraCt patte~ 
projected onto the dancers' bodies 
were visually interesting but could 
not carry dances which lack t. 
teresting movement. 

for the 2.2 percent pay hike. . 
Dumke told the commission that 

the 2.2 percent increase was in 
effect a considerable decrease in 
real income for many'employees. 

CPEe is charged with 8U~ 
mitting to the Governor and the ' 
Legislature a yearly report 
recommending 88lary increases ' 
and benefits for the academic staff 
at ~ue and UC based on parity 
with comparable Institutions in I 
other states. 

In its preliminary repent to the 
governor in December, CPEe said 
that a 2.2 percent salary increase 
at csue and a '.2 perceM salary 
increase at UC woul1l bring them 
into parity with eomparable in-
stitutiODI in other states. Baled on 
this report, Gov. Brown recom-
mended the 2.2 percent increaIe at 

~UC and a 5.0yercent increase at 
UC ~e same as all ~ state 
employees.. ) 

.H .... Mc~to.b 

Women's Self 
Defense 

"WOMEN ARE STRONG." 
screamed 40 women Uned up in 
three rows. Stamp! Stamp! KICK! 
their feet jutted backwards 'into 
invisible attackers. 

The scene was the upper balcony 
of the U~D Gyn}, the activity was 
a two hour session on self~fense 
for women. 

"EYES, NOSE, THROAT, 
GROIN, KNEES," chanted in-
structor Shirley Virgil. "These are 
theTENDERs~.REMEMBER 
TIlEM!" . 

Besides kicking, other methods 
· of defense demonstrated and 
· practiced were elbow jabs, the 
"washcloth" slap, and Oipping the 
attacker if he is sitting on tbe 
woman. The women also learned 
how to give a "guttural yeU" in-
stead of an ineffective "high pit· 
ched shriek." . 

"What are you going to do when 
a guy COOles up ~hlnd you and 
says you have nice legs?" asked 
Virgil. "BEAT IT!!" roare~ the 
women. The men playing 
basketbaD' paused for a minute in 
wonder. . 

The demonstrations .were 
preceded by a frank discussion on 
attack and rape. 

The UCSD Women's Center is 
trying to arrange an eight·week 
class on self-defense for women 
taught by Virgil. 

·Dorothy Heu~n 

compared and contrasted and the 
idea of clothing production for the 
satisfaction of human needs was 
examined. 

Kushner enCied the show with a 
red, white, and blUe bicentennial 

• finale comically presented to the 
tune of "God Bless America." 

Though the special effects seem 
to be the main area in which the 
company is working, the show also 
included more traditional modem 
dances. "Forest Dreams," the 
epen1ng nuinber, wu • modem 
dance compoaWon with a primeval 
feeling in which the dancerI 
alternated between angular 
postures and flowing lyric 
movement. "Suite de Dance" was 
almost balleic in style with a 
festival mood conveyed by open 
arm gestures and wbirUng turns. 

The company's strong point, 
however, is the kind of mixed 
media presentation of 
"Oliqulties," "Gauze" and 
"Cocoorl." In these numbers, the 
4ancers demonstrated their li1gh 
level of proficiency. Phyllis 
HaskeU danced with precision and 
charm; Robia JahnIoD danced 
with power and el1ll'1)' , and DennIs 
Wright moved with fIowtDg .... ce. 


