
Nixon -Frost Interview: 
Game of High Finance 

by Vaaeua Griego 
Staff Writer 

Or. Kenneth Majer, director of Academic Support. Renney SeM, a 
UCSD graduate and the original editor of the TritoD Times. likely can-
didates for the game of high finance media? Perhaps not, but anyway 
these two genUemen are president, chairman of the board, and founders 
of Renken Associates, Inc., the company that has financed the production 
costs for the upcoming Richard Nixon-David Fr08t interviews. 

Majer explained in an interview last week that he "got involved with 
the project through (his friend) Senn," who is a director at Pacific Video 
Industries, (PVI), the company chosen by Fr08t to produce the in-
terviews. "PV1 has an excellent reputaUon," Majer noted, explaining 
that they produced the Nixon-Thieu interviews in 1972. However, he said, 
they are still a small company. Renken Associates was formed when PVI 
accepted Senn's proposal to let him raise the money for the production 
cOlts. . 

The two raised the necessary capital, according to Majer, "through 
friends, people we had invested with before, and people we knew." He 
declined to name any exact figures on the amount raised but a recent 
New York 11mel article estimated production costs to be somewhere 
around $270,000 dollars. Majer did say that about 30 percent of the total 
amoWlt was personal investment on the part of Senn and himself. 

, NIs_ Supporters? 
"OUr investors cover a pretty broad range of the political spectrum," 

said Majer. He noted that, "We were going to have a party with everyone 
on the nigta of the premie~t after looking over the list of investors, we 
decided against it. 'n1ere t be some fights." 

Personally Majer feels, "it's not a question of whether you Uke Nixon or 
not." Majer sees the program as a "historical event" as well as a prolit-
making venture and a "community service". The project began with the 
prospect of making money and rigIa now investors are at the break even 
point, continued Majer. Estimates seem to indicate that profits will reacb 
200 percent or more, "though we won't be making as mucb as some 
people have said," reported Majer. 0 

Thus far there have been no problems with the project, although c0n-
tract arrangements are extremely complex. Frost's contract with PVI is 
80 pages thick, and then there is a further contract between PVI and 
Renken. "Legal costs for Renken alone ran about $20,000 dollars," 
recalled Majer. 

"A Few Sarpriles" 
Neither Senn nor Majer have attended any of the filming sesaions that 

are taking place at a private home in Laguna Beacb. Majer said. Nixon's 
San Clemente residence could not be used because the microwave 

Coatbnled OD Page' 

---City ~esk-­
A Weekly SUNey of 

State and Local t'Jews . 
KGB Chicken Case Decided 

The infamous case of the KGB Wcken's altercation with a security 
guard at last September's Aerosmith concert has finally been settled. 

Damon Zumwalt last week was fined $400 and placed on probation 
for one year in connection with the brawl. Superior Court Judge 
Charles Froelich ordered the fine after reducing Zumwalt's conviction 
on a felony assault charge to a misdemeanor battery charge. 

"If you look at the incident objectively, if the KGB Clicken had not 
been involvA!d, it would have been unlikely that it would have been a 
felony case," Froelich said. "I think we can all agree it was a minor 
brawl." 

AcCOl"Cliftl to testimony before a jury during Zumwalt's trial, the 
security guard threw the Chicken-alias Ted Giannoulas-against a 
wall. Giannoulas was then knocked unconacious in the scuffle, wit-
nesses said. 

Protesters Fail to Halt Tennis Match 
Two black protesters, angry that the United States played South 

Africa in the Davis Cup termis competition over the weekend, ran on 
the courts during a match and attempted to spill oil on the playing 
surface. 

The incident-which was part of a protest against the apartheid 
policies of the South African govemment-came just three minutes 
before national television coverage of the event began. 

The two men were booked in Orange County jail on charges of 
malicious and trespassing, with bail set at $5000 each. Maximum 
sentence for the charge is six months in jail. 

Demonstrators outside the match disowned the two men, saying 
they wanted a peaceful and infonnational picket line. 

One of the men, when he ran on the court, was attacked by US tennis 
team coach Tony Trabert, who hit the man several glancing blows 
with his racket. Trabert was not booked by the police. 

City, Padres Attempt compromise 
The San Diego City Council has decided to work out a compromise 

with the San Diego Padres over the payment plan the base ball team 
will use to repay the $2.1 million publicity subsidy the city started 
giving it eight years ago. 

The council-by a 5-4 vote last Wednesdaf-direcled its staff to work 
with representatives of the Padres to devl8e a compromise proposal 
for the council to consider Wednesday. 

The council's action followed discusaion of a proposal to rework the 
Padres' repayment arrangement, under which the team is to repay 
the lubsidy baed on an attendance formula. (Triton Times City Desk, 
April 11). 
Jumping Frogs in Del Mar County 

Frogs trW Jump Iky bJab u their ownen exhort them to the heigIU 
this ,..end In the San Dleplto J~ Mtb annual JU1111Jin8 Frog 
Jamboree. 

The jump - let for tIUI Sunday from tam to tpm at the comer of 
Camino Del Mar and 111th St.-wUl raiIe funda for bulc cancer 
re_reb at Scrtpp. Clinic and Relearcb FouncIa1on. 

There trW be an entry fee donaUon of flO for the jump. 

Are High CAPE Evaluations a Detriment? 
A Close Look ~t th_e Tenure Process 

by Wesley Wada 
Staff Writer 

"Unfortunately, tenure has come 
to mean job security. I think this is 
obscene and distasteful," declared 
Paul Saltman, Vice-chancellor of 
Academic Affairs. "Job security 
should be based on consistent, 
quality performance. " 

Tenure has emerged as a topic of 
controversy here at UCSD. It bas 
been highlighted by cases such as 
those of Eleanor Widmer and Will 
Wright, two individuals who were 
denied security of employment as 
a lecturer and an associate 
professor tenureship, respectively. 

Teaure ProcelS 
According to Saltman, the tenure 

process originates at the depart-
ment level. Tenured departmental 

faculty evaluate a professor for 
tenure by considering his 
"creative scholarship, teaching 
ability and service to both the 
campus and the community." All 
three categories in Sallman's 
judgement, are equally weighted 
in the evaluation. 

In order to evaluate the 
professor in these categories the 
committee examines CAPE 
reports, letters of recom-
mendations from past teaching 
assistants and students, published 
material, teaching abilities and 
solicited material from external 
soJ.1rces knowledgeable in the 
nominated professors field of 
study. 

The evaluation compiled by the 
department faculty is sent to the 

Dean of Graduate Studies and to 
the Provost of the College for 
which the nominated professor 
works. These two individuals 
review the case and contribute to 
the evaluation of the professor 
under consideration. The file then 
is sent to a Budget Committee, 
consisting of a department 
representative and individuals who 
are knowledgeable in the 
nominated professor's field of 
study. The committee reviews the 
professor's qualifications per-
taining to the three categories. 

Jane Brannan, Adniinistrativp 
Analyst, denied that the committee 
considered any infonnation out-
side that of research, teaching and 
service. 

After the review and evaluations 
by the Budget Conunittee, the 
recommendations are forwarded 
to 'Vice-chancellor Sallman's of-
fice. It is his decision to grant or 
deny tenure to a professor based 
upon the recommendations by the 
faculty, provost, Dean of Graduate 
Studies and the Budget Committee. 
If tenure is refused, the denied 
professor may appeal, whereupon 
the Chancellor reviews the 
evaluations and passes the final 
judgement on tenure. 

Flaws in the System 
" Teaching plays a minimal role 

(in tenure evaluation). Research is 
the thing," stated Jonathan 

, Saville, Associate professor of 
Literature, in disputing Saltman's 
claim that teaching, research and 
service are given equal con-
sideration. Saville believes 
research is more influential 
because of the ease in evalua ing 
research and the difficulty in 
evaluating teaching. 

Saville also claimed that "high 
CAPE evaluations actually are a 
negative." He cites the Eleanor 

.. Widmer case to support his point. ~ Widmer, a lecturer here at UCSD, 
~ was considered for "security of 
iii employment." which differs f"" .... 
£ tenure in that it applies only to 
~ lecturers. Additionally, only ex-
~ cellence in teaching is required by 

• the reviewing faculty committee to 
The KGB Chicken 0 shown here at UCSD last year, won In his day In court . grant the status. In Widmer's case, 
See the City Desk column on this page . her high CAPE reports were in-

terpreted by one faculty reviewer 

Ramsey Clark to Discuss 
the Great American Dream 

Former Attorney General 
Ramsey Clark will discuss the 
future of American beliefs and 
institutions in a lecture entiUed 
" The American Dream: Dream or 
Reality" April 26 at 8:00 pm in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

Since serving as attorney 
general in the Johnson ad-
ministration, Clark has been in-
volved in teaching law and working 
to aid political prisoners in Brazil, 
Greece, Spain, Northern Ireland 
and Vietnam. He received national 
attention for his 1972 trip to North 
Vietnam to examine the effects of 
US bombing and to viait POWs. 
Last year Clark W81 defeated in his 
second campaign for the New York 
US Senate Seat. 

Clark's lecture ia the fint in a 
two-part aeries on the American 
Dream, prelellted this quarter by 
the Campua PfoIramminI Board 
and Arts and Lectures. Socialist 
organizer and author Michael 

Harrington will present a second 
view on the American Dream in a 
lecture on May 26 at 8:00 pm in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 
Harrington was chairman of the 
Socialist Party, USA from 1968 to 
1972 and was involved in the 
presidential campaigns of Robert 
Kennedy , Eugene McCarthy, 
George McGovern and Jimmy 
Carter. 

The author of several well-known 
books on the American left, in-
cluding 'The Otber America, 
Sodali m, FragmeDts of the 
Century and '!be TwIlIgbt of 
Capltalilm. Hanington has served 
as the chainpan of the Dem~ 
cratic Socialist Organizing 
Conunittee since it was created in 
1973. 

Author LUlian Hellman was 
originally invited to present the 
third lecture, but declined the 
offer. Admission to the lectures is 
free. 

as indicating " the professor 
(Widmer) could not be any good 
intellectually." Saville claims that 
he was the one dissenter to this 
opinion. 

Yet, Saville "does not see" the 
complacency to which Saltman 
refers. " We have an extremely 
intelligent and active faculty,' 
defended Saville. "Our graduate 
teaching is one of the best in the 
world. We have very few in-
competent faculty here, but tenure 
has weeded good teachers also." 

Erratum 
In wr page one picture ci the 

Night Rider shuttle bus last 
Friday. we said the bus runs 

oncI8y tN"OUIb Baltac.iay. J.ba~ 
incorrect. The bus nms Sunday 
through TtmIday. 

In addition, the bus is beglnning 
its second week of operation this 
week, notJast week. 

The Triton Times regrets ~ 
errors. 



Needs 
I aiD ~ (or Vice Preaidem of the ASUCSD; my name II Mark 

Slndler, a poUlieal aclence major and a Muir junior. 
In my four yetrl at UCSD I have been Involved III many upecta of 

Student life, ~ and IIItramural sportI, l'UIUlInI the Monday Nile flbn 
aeries, reside. baDa, College, and the ceatral student government, and 
other tbinp. I have watcbed the creation of Tblrd and Fourth Colleges, 
the student Center, the Rec. Gym, and Mandeville. We have come far, 
but with very little input from the student perspective. 

Where ball that perspective been? Well, the ASUCSD II a new govern-
ment, that we all know; what lOme do not know, Ia that It Ia the fifth 
govenunent for students In five years. If IOU wonder why thinglJ 011 and 
around the University are done with little regard for the students .... 

students here wonder what a student IClvemment does, or what it can 
do. No government at UCSD or anywhere can do anything for ita con-
stituents if it can not do anything. The ASUCSD at this University does not 
run its own bookstore, sporta station, news ,media, or food services. We 
have no vote In the Academic &!nate, we can not even control the 
financing of the Student Rec. Center or the Rec. Center once it Ia buiH, 
and to top it, the ASUCSD can not even control the fees we pay as 
students. What can we do,l just supplied a list. 

Want to add more? Yes, but do not forget it Ia a new government. We 
will have time. But what about the immediate things? There are lots of 
those too. Uke protecting the studenta stores, like the Bike Shop and the 
Print Coop, equalize this campus's TA ratio with that of the other UC 
campuses, Integrate the student fees within one under the central 
govenunent 10 they will be cel&rally coordinated and under responsible 
elected officials, worit for a broadcasting license for KSDT, prevent 
ripoffs like the Rec. Center last quarter, live a unified voice for students 
on all issues from donn fee increases to State Senate bills, Increase the 
intramural program, provide enough money to the collegiate teams 10 
they can tape their ankles and sail in real boats, and moet Importantlr, 
provide for student community meetings 10 that the ASUCSD can still 
keep in touch with the students it proports to represent. 

These are the goals that I wish to worit for. I can not accomplish this 
alone, I need your help, your vote, your continued support, and your 
participation, for together all our goals can be achieved. 

Duane Stillwell 

All Power to Students 
Education today is still a 

privilege. Those of us who do 
receive an education, of sorts, 
must take it upon ourselves to right 
to make ita right. 

students are the life and blood of 
all educational institutions, 
however, we are disorganized, 
apathetic, and have no self-
determination to decide what kind 
of education we are to receive. I 
feel that in the same way that the 
power in educational institutions 
fell from the hands of the church to 
those of the state, now it must 
effectively go to the hands of the 
students, faculty and staff, where 
it belongs. 

Ideally, all institutions of higher 
learning should be autonomous. 
Now is the time to act as one solid 
group and to lel our power be felt. 

I, Daune Stillwell, am running 
for Commissioner of Student 
Welfare on the YSA platform. Our 
stand on many important issues 
confonns closely to the outcome of 
the recent student referendum. We 

have a solid policy that bas always 
supported Affmnative Action; 
opposed the Bakke decision; 
demanded student, faculty and 
staff control of UCSD; demanded 
free gynecological services .at 
UCSD; and demanded the power 
and autonomy to sever all ties with 
racist governments, such as the 
one in South Aftica, and with all 
corporations which support the 
apartheid system finanCially . 

We also demand the right to 
know UCSD's involvement with 
such organizations as the CIA, and 
the right to decide if we want to 
sever ties with-them too. 

As Eugenes Debs, a great 
American socialist once said, " It is 
better to vote for what you want 
and not get it than to vote for what 
you don't want and get it." If you 
want a fighting student govern-
ment vote Young Socialist: 
Anthony Gonzalez for president, 
Pauline Breedin for Vice-
President, and Duane Stillwell for 
Commissioner of Student Welfare. 

PRICE EUROPEAN FLIGHTS 
We are serving the academic 

community with discount travel 
abroad . Let us make your air travel 

arrangements . Flexibility as to 
destination and departure saves you $ 

CAll US LAST TOll FREE 800/ 223-1722 
~------' 

CIEE S·lUdeni 1r .. el S,rvI" .. 
ucso IniernalioNI Clnl .. 0-018 
Opeoo \II.~. 1·5 pm .- 452·0630 

TO 

THE Smokerl' PrQ9r.m, L. Joll., Cillt. 

......... In...,. ...... ,. AprIl U, 1ITJ 

Candidates' Statements 
left Leifer 

"Preservation and Development" 
Before the recent· referendUm it was evident that 

student government had become a "politics of co~ 
frontation." My friend and I sat thinking III the back 
of a Coop meeting: "Two things bother me tbe8e 
days", he said. "One, that things may never get back 
to normal. And the other," . he added, ''that they 
already h~ve." 

Being the only candidate for President to have 
worked in bringing the AS to UCSD and co-authoring 
the new constitution Is no reason to be elected. It Is 
you, the 33 percent who dragged yourselves to the 
polls, that we must look to for .enabling UCSD to 
restore its confidence in student power; in regaining 
composure through what I tritely coined as "The New 
Beginning", in March ofthls year. 

My four phase "preservation and development" 
program resulted frem my year as the Educational 
Policy Intern. It deals with the obvious problems of 
rising registration fees, attempting the control of an 
AS Bookstore, coordinating statewide activity, as 
well as providing greater student services. But this Is 
not enough. 

To assure that we are all participants of the new 
ASUCSD, in addition to -being constituents receiving 
the benefits, requires careful planning. The President 
must know exactly what you want and feel. I have 
developed the " Executive Council", consisting of all 
groups and unrepresented students. (Adapted from 
ASUCLA). By implementing Task Forces, creating 
an Ombudsman, and lobbying in SJicramento we can 
develop a team which is responsive to all our needs-
academic, social, or political. 

Neither the authority nor the power belongs to the 
President personally; rathe both belong to the office 
he hOlds. His exercise of this power must be subject to 
critical inspection and control by the student$. It is all 
of us that will affect participation in tenure 
proceedings; deal with the health care and trans-
portation situation; plan for completion of the 
Student Center, an ampitheatre, free birth control 
services, and so forth. The ASUCSD must derive its 

Open Letters 

authority from the consent of the students, making it 
our government. 

student rights and open govemmei& must return. I 
do not believe that in 1977 we will elect soneone who 
stands still-keep an eye on the future. 

Philip Isaac 

Vote for Honor 
Regardless of political ramifications I bave 

decided to write these lines and express my feelings 
concerning the on going elections for ASUCSD 
positions; an issue yet to be addressed. As the only 
candidate in this race to actively work to reinstate the 
AS constitution I am grieved that this newly acquired 
privilege is seriously abused. 

Due to avoidance of the issues, this election has 
turned into a war of posters and a struggle for name 
recognition without a sound analysis oHhe problems 
of student at UCSD. I entered this campaign with the 
hope that issues such as .stude. control over 
facilities, equal participation In administrative aDd 
academic committees, improvement and emlllion 
of present services, autoaomy of student mODey, aDd 
off campus problems will be the essence of the 
election. I was dead wrong. 

Instead, destruction and theft of campaiin 
materials has been taking place en mass. Is this the 
way to start a studllJt government that should be 
based on honesty? I don't think so. 

In a manner as straight forward as possible I can 
only stress that what Is needed is a government that 
is competent and morally fit. I will stress that the 
Vice President's role is to remain OeJible ·and free 
from the dominating influence of the president, and to 
strive for the creation of a team to work for the 
students of UOiD. 

3rd World Students, Support YSA 
Recently, in the March 9,10, and 

11 UCSO referendum, students 
voted to change the form of 
goverrunent to the Associated 
Students, UCSD; a model in which 
council members are elected at 
large. 

The UCSD 3rd World community 
is therefore faced with a dilemma: 
The election of officers is 
scheduled for April 20, 21 and 22 yet 
there is no organized 3rd World 
slate. 

But, there is one group who is 
running on a program that ad-
dresses the needs of all 3rd World 
students. This group is the Young 
Socia list Alliance. 

Many of us have differences with 
the Young Socialist Alllance, but 
we feel compelled because of our 
agreement with their basic 
program to urge all 3rd World 
students to vote for their can-
didates. 

The YSA is running Anthony 
Gonzalez for President, Pauline 
Bteedln for Vice-President, and 
Duane Stillwell for Commissioner 
of Student Welfare. -

Their program opposes the 
Bakke Decision, calls for an end to 
UC ties with the CIA and Southern 
Africa, supports the Lumumba-
Zapata College demands, and 
supports the defense and extensiori 
of affirmative action programs. 

They support bilingual·bicultural 
education, the rjght for Black 
communities to control their 
community or to desegregate their 
schools through busing. 

They call for studenU 
staff/faculty control of the UC 
system, and support the fight for 
tenure of Tony Ngubo, Will Wright 
B/ld other professon who are 
victimized because oftbeir color or 
politics. 

They call for free chlld-care and 
. gynecological services. 

Lastiy, they demand an end to all 
deportations of llldocumentecl 
workers! 

Two of their candidates are 3rd 
World people. Anthony Gonzalez, a 
Chicano activist, and Duane 
stillwell, a Mexicano who is active 
in the Student Coalition Against 
Racism. 

LasUy, these candidates have no 
illusions about the student 
government; they realize that the 
only way for 3rd World people to 
defend and advance their interests 
is to organize and fight for their 
rights. 

We urge you to vote for these 
caadidates! 

The names of the 23 endorsers 
on fOe at the TrIton TImes. 

triton 
times 

David EI ...... I •• utl .. Edl'or 
M..t< 818111..-· ....... ldllor 
Alan Ru ... U • N_ EdIt ... 
"-' An.· Au ..... ' ......... Edl .. 
ShIU". SIoIIIIlI' ...... , ........ ..., 
Alec NedIIllNln • ___ N_1dItor 
Joel C. Don • AuocIII ....... Ed .. 
Scan Sadil • A ............ EdItor 
Tim M8CKenzi.· All. Editor 
Ron Kala . Co.tpOft. EdItor 
Jon Halperin. COo...".. Editor 
Bill Brooke· PIIoIOI4Itof 
Su. Neelon • CopJ Idltor 
Gery ONr."". AdoMIai .. Manaeer 

Monday, April'" 1111 triton times Page 3 

Letter to the Editor 

Hold Off On Rec Center Facility 
One of the ballot measures calls 

for a $9 increase in student fees. 
I'm urging you to vote against it. 
It's a slipshod reaction to the 
student rejection of the Country 
Club. It is vague, yet appealing. It 
promises the world but doesn't 
convince me it can payoff. 
Although the rhetoric calls for ' 
student involvement, the question 
itself says nothing. The Regents 
look at legal working-not campaign 
advertising. Vote NO. 

The plan is developed and eo-
dorsed by the AdmlnislratloD, and 
altbough I know the staff of PE and 
Intramurals want to do what's best 
for us, thL'! proposal is flawed. 

Traditionally Rec facilities don't 
come from state money, they come 
from Reg fees, which is allocated 
on this campus by VCSA George 
Murphy, with advice from the Reg 
fee committee. This would resolve 
them from using Reg fees to 
support Athletic facilities. I don't 
think we should let them off the 
book so easily. • 

All student fee supported 
programs, by definition, are 
controlled by Murphy. 

The AS' main task the first year 
will be to establish infrastructure 
necessary to deal with the ad-
ministration and serve student 
issues. A project as important as a 
Rec Center needs more attention 
next year than the AS can afford. 

The proposal is flaanclally u. 
souad. It doesn't cover increasing 
utility, labor, water, and con-
struction costs. The fee is almost 
guaranteed to go up in the next fee 
years and the question doesn't say 
if further increases have to come 
back to the student body. 

Any student approved fee in-
crease would be dlsasterous, right 
now. Next year fees are going up 
$60 already from $636 a year to 
$696, thanks to Saxon's Reg fee 
incyease. Reg fees will be going up 
even further in 1978 and 1979. The 
student center board has asked 
Mw-phy for $12 a year increase to 
the current $18 year Student Center 
fees. 

grads. Waittill it includes ali of us. 
The location east of Highway 5 is 

poor. It is too far away. Who's 
going to pay for the transportation 
costs to shuttle students over? 
Let's try to find a better location, 
maybe even the stable land. 

Other needs for RIc facilities are 
more pressing. Each college ex-
cept Third College has some Rec 
Facilities. They have nothing. 
Let's have equity and palrty 
among the colleges on the main 
campus before we put anything off 
campus to the East. 

I know we need more Rec 
facilities but I also know that this 

plan is too flawed to be in the 
students' best interest. Don't vote 
for it. 

Don't buy something sight un-
seen. (We did that with the Student 
Center and look what we got) . 

Don't commit future generations 
. of students to pay for your mistake. 
Wait a year. Wait until the AS is 

working. Wait until the bugs are 
cooked out. Wait until students 
have control. WAIT! ! 

ANN CARBERRY 
[editor's note: Ann Carberry has 
been on the Reg Fee committee for 
2 years, is on the Transition Team 
and the Muir College Council, aDd 
was in past years a BRG member. ] 

********************************************** ! W©'iJ~ ~US)~~c[Q)~[p)~&UJJ i 
. .. :~DAVE ~ BOB ! m!';e~:v~~g~=i~~~~~~. ; EISEN DRAPEAU; 

fee level. Students have been ? ~ 
fighting the Reg fee and other : COMMISSIONER of COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSIONER of EXTERNAL AFFAIRS ~ 
increases. A student mandated M • Seven years communications/ media ex- ..... 

Wait until students and student f · . ldin ? ~. new ee lDcrease Yle g even M perience • One year Fourth College Program Board .... 
monies are autonomous from him higher fees would politl'cally un- ? ~ 

.. • One year Executive Editor, Triton Times • One year Fourth College Cabinet Treasurer .. 
before giving him $90,000 a year dermine efforts to keep Reg fees • • Dedicated to providing· UCSO students • Dedicated to reestablishing the UCSD base .. 
more to piay with. down. Increased fee levels ex- • with media representing various . in local governmental affairs .. 

The ballot qUestl'on says nothing eludes even more of low and.. interests, which is responsive to student • Dedicated to reestablishing UCSO's role in * middle income students for which • needs the statewide UC lobby .. 
about student control, I.e •• how it financial aid Is insufficient. • • Dedicated to uniting the UCSO media for .. 
would be run, who would run it, and • complete funding, and establishing workable f2n~ f2N1cr[)'rDl f... fD)f2 /}.. n n .. 
how decisions about phasing would Too may separate fees lead to • . r · LSUt:2JLSlN ~~lrLS~~ * 
be made. The AS hasn't even been uncoordinated planning and .. on-campus printing faci Itles * 
elected yet and it refers to student inefficient use of student fee • * 
role in its management. monies. .. 

Let AS prove itself as an ef- Grad'uate students aren't votmg,- : V 0 T EWE 0 e· FRI. ~ 
fective advocate for student in- therefore they wouldn't pay. They • Ad paid for by Elsen·Drapeau * 
terests before, not after, you ap- don't pay activity fee now. Don't ******************* 
prove a fee increase. let the undergrads subsidize the *************************** 
•................................................... ~ .• 
• • 

: THE : 
• • 

: STU I lENT : 
: JOB : 
• • 

: CENTER : 
• • 
• • 
: Career Planning : 
: and : 
• • : Placement, : 
: Alumni and Friends : 
• • 
• • : UC-San Diego : 
: and : 
· \ . 
• EDNA • 
• • 
• • • PRESENT WoRK. O"o~TON't'1 W~I!." f"'~ • 
: WIl:[)., ,l-3 IN {POMlofntE ~1JomTCU6Te~ : 
• • 
• • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



triton time8 ~ .... J. AprO 11, un 

hat's On: 4. 18· 4. 24 

~..,.,. • t ~ ..A. /i!, ~ ;. .. ~ >( '~~- .... .r: ~ ... _. -., 
, • r~~ .. .;.) .,:~~ :.:\~ ~~_'v - ~, 

~ ~ -~~. .~ 

This week's photo contest winner Is Edward Martinez . 

monday 
MUIR COLLEGE RESIDENCE HALL DRAW - Student must pick up necessary 

materials and submit them by April 22, 1977. First 'priority will go to Muir students and 
students from other colleges who have lived at Muir during 1976-77. All materials are 
available at the Muir Residence Halls Office. 

All Day Art Exhibition. Paintings, drawings and photograms by Bob Rose. Urey Hall , 
8: 30 am-12 noon - Sign up for Muir Advanced Writing Exam to be given today. 1254 HL. 
9 am-3 pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appt. call 452-2522. HL 1254. 

Free. 
10 am-2 pm - Tay Sachs Disease infonDation tables will be setup in Muir and Revelle 

Plazas to answer questions concerning the Tay Sael» carrier detection clinics to be held on 
campus the week of the 25th. 

10:~2 : 3O pm - Israel Information table will be in Revelle Plaza for Israel Awareness 
Week. Sponsored by Union of Jewish students. 

11 am - Seminar, Southwest Fisheries Center, La Jolla Shores Drive, La Jolla. Albert 
Myrick, LA County Museum of Natural History, "The Biology of the Eurhinodelpbidae of 
the Calvert Fonnation." 

Noon - CoaditioDlDg. Wrestling Room. 
Noon - The Artlst's Book Exbfbltloo, Mandeville Art Gallery. A display of limited edition 

or one-of-a-kind books created by artists. Free. Through May 15. . 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - Biology /CllemJatry CItDlc - walk in tutoring in lower division classes. 

HL 410 Basement. Free. 
~ pm - Table TelIDIs· Rec. Conf. Room. 
3:30 pm - SIO Department Seminar, Sumuer Aud., SIO. Prof. Reginald Newell, MIT, 

"Interrelationships Between Atmospheric and Oceanic Circulation." 
4 pm - Theoretical SoUd State SemiDar, room 2305 H&SS Bldg., Muir. Dr. Mitchell 

Feigenbaum, Los Alamos Lab., "Behavior of Recursion Relations in the Limit of Infinite 
Bifulcation. " 

4 pm - Calblochem/UC Sao Diego Foundation Lecturer Series, room 2622 USB, Revelle. 
Nobel laureate Vladimir Prelog, Eidgenossische Technische Hochschule, Zurich, "A 
Retrospect on Fifty Years in Organic Chemistry." 

4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
4:36-6: 30 pm - Gymnastics, South Balcony 
5-5:45 pm - ConditlooJug Club, Wrestling Room 
5-7 pm - Belly Dance, North Balcony 
5-9 pm - Birth Control CllDIc. Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap Session at 

7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. Call 452-2669 
6 pm - EAB meeting - interested students and members are invited. Concrete plans for 

the quarter's events will be made. 4th Floor, Blake Hall. 
6-8 pm - Reception. Art Show· Works by Wick Alexander, Manha Boston, Michael 

Grlsak. Sponsored by the Visual Arts Dept. UCSD. Cluster Library "The Other Gallery." 
Art work will be on display Monday through Friday. 

7-9 pm":"AE' Wrestling room 
7·10 pm ·· UD Fu,West Balcony '_ 
7: 30 pm - ahal Fireside· Everyone is invited to attend the informal discussion about the 

Babai FaLh, the teachings of God for this "new" day. It will be held in the Studerj Center 
Gameroo Conference Room. For info call Dan or Tim 483-m7 

7:30 pm - Dlacuulon: HelD« WOmaD amd Catholic. Univenity-Col1lDlWlity Chureh,lI5II6 
La Jolla Shores Dr. 

7: 30 pm -- Interaatioual Club Speaker Series. .. Political Turmoil in India." FUm from 
U.C. Berkel y - followed by discussion. Refreslmentl will be served. International Center. 
Free. 

7 :~9 : 311 - A panel discussloD describing a few of the interrelation factors of hunger 
"~gricultur~, Political and Economic Factors of Hunger" with three authorities giving 
presentatiol)s. TLH 107. Free. 

8 pm - Amerlcaa Cetacean Society Meetlq, Sumner Aud., sm. Walter Schmitt, 
" Prospects for Energy from the Oceans. " 

8-10:30 pm - McCoy Tyaer - jan plllDilt. Back Door SDSU. $3.50 SDSU. $4.50 General 
Admission. 

8-11 pm - Israeli CoHee HOUle; Eutem food aad daDce enrava' .... , folk dancing 
taught by specialist Shlomo Bachar. Sponsored by UJS. Muir Cafeteria, Upper Muir 
Commons. 

8-11 pm - IsraeU DaDce, Rec. Conf. Room 
9:15 pm - MONDAY NIGHT MOVIES. "Seven Samuir." Location: Muir 5 and Dime. 

Free. 

tuesday 
Horseback Riding, La Jolla Fanns. • 

9 am-3 pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appl call 452-2522. HL 1254. 
Free. 

10 am-2 pm - Tay Sachs Disease Information tables will be setup in Muir and Revelle 
Plazas to answer questions CODcerning the Tay Sachl caiTter detection clinics to be held on 
campus the week of the 25th. 

10:30 am-2:30 pm - Israel Information table will be in Revelle Plaza for Israel Awareness 
Week, sponsored by U4S. 

Noon - Concert, Mandeville Center. Program to be announced. Free. 
12 noon - Introductory Lecture to the Transcendental Meditation Program. Student 

Center East Conference Room. 
12-1 pm - Conditioning. Wrestling Room 
12·2 pm - "Faces of HealIDg" Lecture Series. Introduction to series, Allopathic Medicine· 

Doris Howell, M.D. Bldg. "C", Student Ceater. Free. ' . 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - Biology IChemistry CIIaIc - walk: in tutoring in lower division classes. 

HL 410 Basement, free . 
1 pm - SoUd State AlYllea Semlaar, room 2313 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. Bernardo 

Hubennan, Xerox Palo Alto Research Center, "Hydrodynamic Fluctuations in Coulomb 
Fluids." 

2 pm - Faces of Healio& Lecture Series. Bldg. C, Student Center. This seven-week series 
will explore some of the concepts of healing practiced today. Dr. paris Howell will present 
the first lecture which will cover the work of allopathB. Free. 

3 pm - Baseball, field off Miramar Road. UC San Diego vs. Cal Baptist. 
3-4 pm - Weight Managemeat Group - To help you find ways of modifying your eating 

habits and develop support systems to help maintain weight reduction. Diane Evans, 
facilitator. Call Becca or Jan at x3755 to sign up. 412 Matthews Campus. 

3: 30 pm - Arcbery, Archery Range. 
4 pm - Discussion: Being Woman and CathoUc. University-Commwlity Church, 9595 La 

Jolla Shores Dr. 
4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony 
4 :3(}.Q:30 pm -Gymnastics, South Balcony 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Cilnlc . Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap Session at 

7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. Call 452-2669. 
6-7:30 pm-Outing, Rec. Conf. Room . . 
6-7: 30 pm - ACLU meeting· to finalize plans on Student Rights Workshop. Coffee Hut. 
6 :30-7 :30 pm - Students Active Towards Community Health presents "Barefoot Doctors 

of Rural China." This film is of cultural and health interest to the general public. TLH 104. 
Free. 

6:31h'1 pm - Meeting of Union of Jewisb Students. Student Organizations Conference 
Room, Student Center. 

7 pm - Surf Club meeting. HSS 2154. 
7-10 pm - A seU-defense class for women taught by instructress Shirley Virga. Main Gym, 

North Balcony. $24.00 -10 weeks. Sliding scale and barter._ 
7:30 pm - Introductory Lecture to the Transcendental Meditation Program. Student 

Center East Conference Room. 
7:30 pm - Fantasy/Imagination Workshop presented by Dr. Ron Lane of Counseling and 

Psychological Services. Muir Apt. Lounge. 
7: 30 pm - Myths and Realities of Alcohol Abuse - Dr. Ed Austin Director of the National 

Council on Alcoholism sponsored, by Muir Activity Office and Revelle Residence Hall Office. 
North Dining Room, (Revelle Deli) ofthe Revelle Cafeteria. 

7:~9pm-Surflng, Rec. Conf. Room 
7 : ~9:30 pm - A panel discussion of "Meclcal Aspects of MalnutrlUoD." one authority 

talking on effects on the fetus' mind, another talking of disease resistance and malnutrition. 
USB 2622. Free. 

8 pm - Atomic cafe, Mandeville Recital Hall. New music and muajc theater by U<E> 
composers. Free. 

8-10 pm - Lecture: Dr .. Mel Spiro, Prof. aI ~IJ, UCSD. wD1 talk .. ylbbatlam. 
Dr. Rue Blumberg, Prof. of Sociology, UCSD, will talt on Wcmen in Israel. Sponsored by 
UJS. North Conference Room, Student Center. 

9: 15 pm - Barbara GapaDGff and frleads will perform Ia tbe 5 ad DIme with an evening of 
musical entertainment. Free. 

wednesday 
~10 am - Motivatloaal Workshop-Feel unable to get on with studying? Feeling unable to 

get started when you do have projects and papers due? Feel overwhelmed by what you have 
to do? If you answer "yes" to any or all of the above questions, this group is for you. The aim 
of the workshop will be to help the student become more successful and more motivated in 
his or her academic pursuits. Hugh Pates and Bob Kavanaugh, facilitators. Call Yolanda at 
x3490 to sign up. Revelle Provost's Office. 

9am-3pm - Wrltt.uc Clinic - Help with course papen. For appt. call 452-2522. HL 1254. 
Free. 

lOam-2pm - Tay Sach. DiIease informatioD tables will be setup in Muir and Revelle 
Plazas to answer questions concerning the Tay Sachi carrier detection clinics to be held on 
campus the week of the 25th. 

10:3Oam-2:3Opm - IlraellDformatlOD table in Revelle Plaza for Israel Awareness Week, 
sponsored by UJS. I 

11 am - WOW '77 Fair, Student Center. Almnni and friends from the cormnunlty will be 
available for informal discussions concerning their work, their education and bow they view 
the future. UnW3p.m. 

llam-1pm - COIlcert/Danee: the Union of Jewish Students willsponaor a performance by 
the UJS Dance Ensemble and an Israeli Rock Group. Come learn to dance. Revelle PIua. 

12noon - AMES ZI5, SemJaar No. t, FOm Series. "Waves Across the Pacific" and "Water 
Masses of the 0ce8ll.l". 711M Urey Hall. Free. 

Noon - Coodltloalal. Wrestling Room. 
1Z-4pm and &-9pm - BIo...,/C......, CII* - walk in tutoring in lower dlviBion clMaea. 

HL 410 Basement. Free. . • 
12-4:30 pm - BIrtII Coatrei CUaIe. COWIIIIlinI, infonnation, and appoiDtine.u. Call_ 

2669 or drop by. Studerj HealVL 
12:»-2:30 pm -8ez CUalc-For incUvlduall or couple. seeking Information or coanMlog 

about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates, Dalyna Profitt, and Lauren Kuhn, facilltatora. Call 
Yolanda at :.:3490 to sign up. Revelle Provost's Office. 
2-4 pm - APert"D Tralalq-Sls week structured group in learning to stand up for your 
rights without violating the rights aI others. For men and wcmen. "om Andrews and ShIron 
Y 1lI1I1g, facilitators. 412 Matthews Campus. ~ 

3 pm - Women'. IGftball, field off MIramar Road. UC San DleIO VI. USIU. 
~ - T8b .. TeDIda, Rec. Conf. Room. 
4 pm - UCSD New Poetry SerIes: ReadinC by Larry Fagin Revelle Formal Lowlp. Free. 
4 pm - Calblocbem/UC 8M DIeIe ...... u.. Ledare. room a22 USB, HewUe. Dr. 

Vladimir Prelotl, "Chirality of Enzymic RMctiOlll." 
4 pm - CoIloqahaD, H-L Aud., Revelle. Dr. David Baldwln, Lawrence Lab., "The 

Improved Pl'08pect for a Mirror-BuedFusion Reactor." . 

• ' · ,1 r :"I . , , . 

I rl' ••• 1 i .. it'S Page 5 
4-i:30 pm - MaIe/Femaie Relaaa. ... ipl-For men and wcmen who are interested in ex-

plorlnl malelfemale roles, reiatlonlblpl, and apectations. 'Ibis group will focus on issues 
such 88 communication, estabUIbiDg and maintaining Interpersonal relationships, and 
myths and realities re: human semality. Lauren Kuhn and Brendan Collins, facilitators . 
For more infonnation they can be reached at :1:3755. 412 Matthews Campus. 

U pm - Graduate student Group-The University interacts primarily on an intellectual 
level with members of its cooununity. ThiB is especially true in its relationship with 
graduate students. Interpersonal and emotional interaction is frequently not recognized as 
necessary for graduate student survival. This group focuses on issues and difficulties in-
volved in the satisfaction of other than intellectual needa. Robert Mashman and Julie 
KeMY, facilitators. Call Becca or Jan at ~755 to sign up. 412 Matthews Campua. 

4-5 - Karate. North Balcony. 
4:30 pm - CPB - Pop Evell&s Subcommittee. Vice Chancellor Conference Room, Bldg. 

"B" , Student Center Complex. 
4: JO.3 : 30 - G)'lDlUUltlcs, South BaICOllY· 
5-5: 45 - CoacItiolllDl Clab,.Wrestling Room. 
6-7: 30 - JIlII Daace, North Balcony. 
7-9 pm - Movie: "Siege". Second in UJS film series. Tickets ,1.00 at UQm box office. USB 

2622. 
7·10--: Scuba, Rec. Conf. Room. 
7-10-SbaoLiD Fn, West Balcony. 
7:30 pm - Introductory Lecture to the Transcendental Meditation Program. Student 

Center East Conference Room. 
7:30 pm - The Mythopoelc Society will be discussing the first two books of C.S. Lewis' 

Namia chronicles "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" and "Prince Caspian" . 
Everyone Welcome!! Revelle Community Center. Free. 

7:30-9:30 pm - A panel discu .. lon of methods that the individual can help "What Can I 
00". Two authorities: one rep from World Vision (Christian relief organization), second 
Hunger Coalition rep. Humanities Auditorium. Free. 

8 pm - Composition Recital, Mandeville Recital Hall. Faculty and students will perform 
works by Rami Levin. Free. 

9:15pm-HootNIlht. Muir Sand Dime. Free. 

thursday 
Honebaell Rldlnc, La Jolla Fanns 
9am-5pm - Wrltiq ClinIc -Help with course papen. For appt. call 452-2522. HLl254. Free. 
108m-2pm - by Sach. Dilease laformaUon tables will be setup in Muir and Revelle 

Plazas to answer questions concerning the Tay Sachi carrier detection clinics to be held on 
campus the week of the 25th. . 

11am-2pm - laraeU Bazaar and nea Markel Food, dance, stuff to buy, backgammon 
tournament. Sponsored by UJS. Revelle Plaza. 

11 : 3Oam-12: 30pm - Stre .. aDd Aaxlety Redactloa Worbbep-Do you feel anxious in social 
situations? 00 you feel uptight and blocked when taking tests? Does your anxiety get in the 
way of your studying? If your answer Is "yes" to any of these, this group is designed for you. 
Hugh Pates and DalYM Proffitt, facilitators. call Yolanda at :1:3490 to sign up. Revelle 
Provost's Office. 

Noon - Coaditloalag. wrestling Room. 
12-4pm and 6-9pm - BIology/Cbemistry CllDIc • walk in tutoring in lower division classes. 

HL 410 Basement. Free. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, infonnatlon, and appointments. Call 452-

2669 or drop by. Student Hea,th. . 
12:30 pm - Swnner Series, Sumner Aud., SIO. Ullian and Bob.Adams of Oceanside will 

present a color slide show, "Western Wonderlands." Free. 
1 pm - Find out what's happeaing with the new student newspaper· get in on the budget 

and policy decisions. Now is your chance to be involved. East Conference Room, Student 
Center. 

2 pm - Center for Music ExperlmtDt Colloquium Series, Bldg. 408 Matthews. Michel 
Rodolfi, "Electronic Music from the Marseilles Studio." Free. 

2:30 pm - Plasma Physics Seminar, room 2313 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Prof. L.C. Woods, 
Oxford Univ., "The Transport of stress and Heat Through a Gas at Large Kudsen Nwnber, 
Without the Impediment of a Boltzmann Equation." 

3 pm - Feminist CoaUtion meeting to discuSs action around gynecological services on 
campus. We need your help r Women's Center. 

4 pm - Psychology CoDoquium, room 1110 P&L Bldg., Muir. Dr. Hans Wallach, 
Swarthmore College, "The Acquisition of Perceptual Cues." 

4-5 pm - 4th CoDege WriUng Program lOB Lecture: "Industrialism". Speaker: Stanley 
Aronowitz, Author of "False Promises" and Professor of Comparative Cultures at UC 
Irvine. USB 2722. 

4-5 - Karate. North Balcony 
H - Yoga, Adaptive Room. 
4:30 - Ou6ng, Equipment Check-out. 
4: 3(}.Q: 30 - G)'IDIl88t1cs, South Balcony. 
6pm - UCSD Amateur Radio Club Promotional meeting, Spring 1977. East Conference 

Room, Student Center. 
6-9 - Ballroom Daace, Rec. Conf. Room. 

6:~10 pm - Free Children's Series. For further info call the Women's Center 452-2023. 
Women's Center, Free. 

7pm and 9pm - FUm: "Blow-Up" with David Hemmings and Vanessa Redgrave. USB 
2722. '1.00. 

7·10- FenclDg, West Balcony. 
7:30 pm - Discussion with Herbert Marcuse,lnternational Center, Matthews.lnfonnaJ 

discussion about current issues in society. Free. 
7:~9:30 pm - Lecture: Infonnal question and answer on Israel led by Dr. Sanford 

Lakoff, Chainnan of UCSD Dept. of Political Science. Sponsored by UJS. North Conference 
Room. Student Center. 

8 pm - FIDe Arts Quartet, Mandeville Aud. This established chamber music ensemble will 
perform works by Mourt and Sbostakovitch. General admission: $6.50; uam students: 
$2.50. Tickets available at the UCSD box office. 

8 pm - GeoiOlical ScIeDeel SembIar, IGPP Conf. Room. Dr. Gerald Wasserburg, cal 
Tech, "Neodymium in Terrestrial Baaalts." . 

8-10 pm - "lIIIqer ........ - an experience by which people can taste the conditions Ii. 
other people's hunger; "ill be clIacussioo, speaker, and abort fibn to bring it home. $2.50, 
tickets available at Box Office, Hunger Info Table, and ChrIstIan Boot Table. Location: 
Revelle Cafeteria. 

9 pm - Womea'. c-cert featuring Connie and Laura on guitar, culcimer, bango and 
hanuner dulcimer. Sponsored by the Women's Center. Bldg. "C", Student Center. 

9: 15 pm - Game Nlte. Muir 5 and Dime. Free. 

friday 
Friday evening, Saturday and Sunday - UOID • SDSU Folklore Coaclave Ia Cuyamaca 

Mountaina. Theme: Jewish Folklore, dancing, singin8, etc. Transportation, lodging, food 
included. Sponsored by UJS. $25.00. 

8 am - Badmlnton 1oUname1d. Muir Gym. All-cal competition. All day. 
Bam Friday to 2pm Saturday - 'Fa.Ung ~rleaee' • Whereby concerned individuals can 

experience what It's like to be really hWlgry. Arrangements can be made to have meal card 
money contributed to World Vision (a ChrIstian reUef ol1anization) . Beef broth will be 
available throughout fast for mlnimwn sustenance. LocaUpn: One's stomach, sign up at 
Hunger Info table on Revelle Plaza. 

9am-3pm - EAR11I DAY. Lectures and demonstrations. North Conference Room, 
StUdent Center. 

9am-6pm - WrltlDi Clinic - Help with course papers. For appt. call 452-2522. HL 12$4. 
Free. 

9:3Oam-3:3Opm - EAR'l1I DAY. Solar Energy display; alternative energy fair, 
energy /lifestyle related presentations. Revelle Plaza. 

10am·2pm - Tay Sachs Dlseaae 1Df0rmatioD tables will be setup in Muir and Revelle 
Plazas to answer questions concerning the Tay Sachi carrier detection clinics to be held on 
campus H: week of the 25th. 

Noon - Rock Concert, Gym steps. Free. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control ClInIc. Counseling, information andappointments. Call 452-2669 

or drop by. Student Health. 
12-4 pm - Blology/ChemJatry ClInIc • walk in tutoring in lower division classes. HL 410 

Basement. Free. 
12 :05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar, room 307 Vaughan Hall, SIO, Dr. M.T. Tyree, Univ. 

of Toronto, " Ion Transport and Bicarbonate Assimilation in the Pondweed PotamogetoD 
lucell8." 

2 pm - AMES-Bloengineerlag Semlaar. Speaker: Bruce Fenton. Subject: "Morphometry 
and Stereology". Also, Speaker: JoaMa Schoon. Subject: "Morphometry and stereology". 
Room 2100 BSB. Free . 

3 pm - Topics to Respiration, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. James White, "Physical 
Fitness and Disease." 

3-6 - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
3pm-1Opm - HUDger FUm - Continual showing of various films pertaining to hunger, in-

cluding - " Hunger in America (CBS Documentary)", "When a Man Hungers", and "What 
Do You Say to a Hungry World?". HSS2154.Free. 

3:30 pm - Philosophy Department Colloquium: Professor Stanley Moore, Professor 
Emeritus, UCSD, "The Conflict between Communism and Historical Materialism in Marx's 
Economic-Philosophical Manuscripts." Revelle Informal La.unge. 

4 pm - CalbiocbemlUC San Diego Foundation Lecture. room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. 
Vladimir Prelog, "Selective Natural and Synthetic Sonophores." 

4-5 - Karate, North Balcony. 
4:J0.6:30- Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
7 pm - Touch for Health, Winzer Commons, BSB, Med. School. An extension class offering 

a new approach to restoring natural energies. Course fee : $39. Call 452-3400 for additional 
information. 

7pm and 9: 30pm - Movie : "'!be Man Who FeD to Earth." Mandeville Center. '1 .00 
8 pm - Mike Bloomfield concert, USD Theatre. '2.50 student, p .50 general. 
8 pm - Conference entitled: " African liberation and the Freedom Fight at Home." 

Lecturer : Sam Manuel, SWP candidate for Mayor of Los Angeles in 1977. Sponsored by the 
YSA. North Conference Room, Student Center. 

9:15pm and 10:15pm - Bob Duffy, a talent show award winner. will perform ragtime 
music for the audiences' pleasure in two showings. This first at 9: 15 and the second atlO: 15. 
The admission is free. Muir 5 and Dime. Free. 

saturday 
8 am - Badminton toumameDt, Muir Gym. All-Cal competition. All day. 
8:3Oam-early evening - DisDeyland Trip. An all-day event at Walt's MAGIC KINGDOM. 

Discount tickets for park entry and rides plus free bus transportation will be made 
available for a limited nwnber of students. Hurry and reserve space for another fun day at 

( the world's most popular amusement park. (8:3Oam-early evening.) Bus leave Urey Hall at 
8:30am. ) 

9am - Touch for Health. See Fri. 7 pm for details. 
10:00 - Bicycle. Bike Shop. 
10:3() am - Campus Tours. front Central University Library. Student conducted tour 

lasting I If.! hours in duration. Free. 
" 11am - Conference entitled: "Woman's Evolution". Lecturer : Jessica Star, leader of the 
.,WP and national coordinator of NAAC. Sponsored by the YSA. North Conference Room, 
Student Center. 

11-12:30 - Aikido, Wrestling Room. 
1 pm - Conference eDtitled: "Prospects for Sociallsm". Lecturer: Fred Halstead, SWP 

candidate for President in 1968, and leader of the Anti-War Movement. Sponsored by the 
YSA. North Conference Room, Student Center. 

1-2 :30-Judo, Wrestling Room. 
2pm - Discussion rally to end the Fast; discuss ways that awareness of hunger can be 

maintained and perpetrated. Revelle Plaza. Free. 
5:30pm - CathoUc Mass followed by short film and discussion. University-Comrounity 

Church. , 
6pm·lam - CAR RAILY!DANCE. Car rally initiating at Student Center with dance 

following in Bldg. "C". Free. For more details, contact Robert Drapeau 755-3034. 
7: 30 pm - Men's voUeyball, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. UC Berkeley. 
8 pm - Inner City Repertory Dance Co., Mandeville Aud. Featuring the works of Ruby 

Millsap with special guest art~t, mime Hayward Coleman. General admission: $1. Tickets 
available at the Tbeatre ticket office. 

S pm - Recorder Recital, Mandeville Recital Hall. David Klima will perform works by 
Cima, Berio and GastoldL Free. 

sunday 
9am - CathoUc Mass, breakfast, games. La Jolla Shores Kellogg Park. 
lOam - LU'I1iERAN SUNDAY MORNING WORSHIP. Contemporary Folk Mass. 

University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. Free. 
1pm - The Center for Psychological Revolution starts a Mass Movement for Sanity, for a 

scientific attitude toward your own life. Weekly presentations. 1529 Hornblend St., Pacific 
Beach. Free. 

5pm - CathoUc Mass. U niversity-Community Church. 
6-9pm - Biology/Chemistry Clinic - walk in tutoring in lower division classes. HL 410 

Basement. Free. 
8 pm - Monster Jazz Concert, Mandeville Aud. UCSD Jazz Ensemble under the direction 

of Cecil Lytle will perfonn. Free. 

Til perfect walle - another Martine, photo. 



Pap' 

A /Jmll~d num/¥r 0/ spilc~s Ilr~ avalltlbk /or nut y~ar In 
1M V.CoS.D. For~/gn Languag~ House. Local~d In &agk 
HIlU on 1M R~v~U~ Campus, Ih~ For~ign Lilnguage Hous~ is 
an all~mpl 10 simu/Ilu an int~rnaliofUlJ living ~x~rl~nc~. 
Individual suil~s ar~ availilble in French, G~rman, Russian, 
and spanish, and emphllsis wiU /¥ plac~d on languag~ 
acquisition and culturuJ understanding. This program will b~ 
especially valuable /or students pltlnning to apply to th~ 
Education Abroad Progrum. 

For in/ormation and applicatiom come to the Revelle 
Resident Dean's O/fice, &like Hall, or call 45'/-30'/5. 

Disneyland 
• ( ~ 'fr ~rlp 

i' 

SATUR1>AV. APRil 23 * 
8:30 ANt - Eo.dy tllelli.llg 

1>i.lee.llilt Hekeb o.llo.ifaUe ill 
REC GVM OffiCe. 

* f'Lee T lto.KIPSdo.Ue.K 
~U.6 eeo.llel Uuy Ho.ee 8:30 AM 

* 

Spo"lof.d by PhYliocal Educetioft D.pt. 

1""4 ... 1 lilli'S 

KSDT Schedules 
Candidate Night 
For Tonight 

Radio station KSDT-MO AM and 
99.5 FM·is hosting a candidates' 
night tonight at 7:30 for ASUCSD 
president, vice-president and 
cOmmunications commissioner 
candidates. 

Representatives of the sundry 
campus media and the general 
student public and invited to at-
·tend. 

MODELING JOBS 
How to atart without modellno aehool. Send 
anapahot and 54. Ten-day money· back gu.,-
In t •• . Fal, .nough? TY'ICAITllla, 80. 
35.2L Dept. 11-31. W.d,wotffl, /111110/. tIOO83 

AItortioII A*rHtiY •• 
s. ... /Pt •. U ......... 

583·LIFE 
Free co ...... " RH,."" 

aad lpeaken . 

cha,le" 
Ovol 7776 el .. nlS .. nee 1982 SIn Dlego'S 
mosI expenenced Chener Co 

EUROPE from '327 
........ ·77 

2.3 .... 5.6 10 24 weeKs durallon 10 9 tilin. 
No clubs 10 JOIn. no I ... and SAVE 10 60% 

HAWAII from '179 
Also Ntw 'I"'k. Ctllcapo. O"ent. 

Mo_,., AprIl 11, 1m 

A Week of Awareness: 
Hunger, Israel, Work 

In addition to HUDler Awareness Week, student. are advl8ed to be 
cognizant of Israel Awareness Week and Work Opportunity Week-all of 
which are naturally going on this week. 

. (arMl Aware_ Week 
The ucm Union of Jewish Students II sponsoring the second annual 

Israel Awareness Week nen in celebration of the 29th armiversary of 
Israel's gaining independence. 

According to statement from the UJS, "such themes u Israeli 
politics, society, culture, Arab relations, and arts will be presented." 
The organizers of the awareness week stressed their desire to em-
phasize "the diverse culture and many faceted problems and In-
stitutions of Israel." 

Alger'lbne 
Every year at this time, those student. who qualify as professional 

worriers and many others ask themselves what they will be doing after 
college. 

Next week, as part of Work Opportunity Week (WOW), students will 
be given the chance to discover their options and to talk with 
professional representatives fron such fields as arts and architecture, 
city and county government, communications, environment, health 
sciences, hotels and restaurants, marketing, media, urban renewal and 
many other areas of employment. . 

WOW is being presented by the Career Plaming and Placement 
Service, EDNA, Alumni and Friends, UC San Diego, and the Student 
Job Center. Schedules of the week's events are available in the offices of 
the Resident Deans and in the Career PlaMing Office. Also available in 
The Career Plaming Office Is a list of the week's parUcipants. 

Meetings between these representatives and interested students will 
be held from 11 : 00 am to 5: 00 pm each day next week. 

Nixon ... 
Continued from Page 1 

transmissions from the nearby Coast Guard station IDterfere with the 
recording equipment. Majer says that reports he is geWng from the 
filming crew indicate, "the interviews are turning out interesting and 
they have a few surprises in them." 

All three of the major networks have declined to carry the program. 
Their reported reason was that they considered the program to be 
"checkbook journalism", meaning they should not have to pay to in-
terview subjects relating to "hard news", explained Majer. Nixon is 
reported to be getting ~,OOO for the interviews, a cost not coverea by 
Renken , who is handling only the technical production costs. 

"Syndicast Services has been hired to distribute the program," ex· 
plained Majer. He then went on to say the program has already been 
bought by some 127 American television stations, which represent about 
90 percent of the possible viewing audience in the country. The program 
has also been sold to ten foreign countries. The Mutual Broadcasting 
System, which has 730 affiliates, will broadcast the program 

simultaneo~ly on tIw radio. 

Housing 'Information Undergraduate Dorms and Apartments 1977·78 
Room Draws are now being held for undergraduate hou sing for returning students for the academic year 1977-
78. Applications and inrormation are available at each Resident Dean/ Counselor Ofrive, and at the Residential 
Apanment Office. Dealine ror submitting applications for each loc:ation are: 

Location Deadline Person to Contact 

Revelle Res Halls 4/1 9 Autumn 452-3025 

Muir Res Halls 4/ 29 Lenore 452·4200 

Muir Apartments 4/22 Lenore 452·4200 

Third Apartments 4/26 Erni 452·4340 

Fourth Res Halls 4/ 25 Doris 452·4581 

Mesa Apartments 4/25 Pat 452·2952 

The double room, 19 meal plan rate for Revelle and Fourth Colleac nut year Is SI,817. The rate at Muir Is 
1,892. The Undergraduate Apartments at Mesa will rent for $963 and the apartments at Third Collqe and Muir 

will rent for 5973. No linen exchange will be offered at Mesa . A I.e-meal plan will be offered u an option for all 
students wilh a S33/ year reduction in rate. For more detailed Information concern Ina rates contact the 
Housing Administration, 206 Matthew Campus,452-4010. ' 

Mo_,., AprO U. 1m Page 7 

1971 ASUCSD Election SUPPlement 

DanAlmour Anthony Gonz:ales Steve Grady Jeff Leifer 
•• 

Andy Schneider 

5 Iialo be Flrsl ASUCID Prasldenlln 6 Years 
Five candidates are competing 

to become ua;D's first Aaociated 
Students government President 
since 1971. Dan Abnour, Antbony 
Gonzales, Steve Grady, Jeff Leifer, 
Andy Schneider are the bopefuls. 

News editor Alan Russell and 
Managing editor Mark Stadler 
interviewed the candidates last 
week. What follows is the result of 
those interviews. 

DIn 11_, 
Fourth CoUege Junior Dan Allan 

Almour claims a "positive" ad-
vantage from working at EDNA, 
both in meeting students and 
"learning the workings of the 
University." • 

A member of the Student Center 
Board, Almour sees his candidacy 
as one that empbasize. internal 
affairs. If elected, Almour says be 
would be more involved with UCSD 
as opposed to ~e UC system. 

"Basically, I want to make this a 
nice campus to go to," said 
Almour. "I've found people leaving 
Ua;D unhappy. Knowing the 
bureaucracy of UCSD I would be 
able to change things. You have to 
know the different channell in 
order to cut the red tape. 

Almour cited the changing of 
, campus programming as being one 

of the primary areas in whICh he 
would work for change. "We have 
about six or seven programming 
bodies," said Ahnour. "When we 
do have a lot of programming, it all 
seems to faU on the same night. In 
addition to straightening this out, 
I'd like to make the overall events 
more exciting." 

Saying he's " for the students," 
Almour stated that he'd work for 
"more student input over student 
service organizations, such as the 
bookstore and food services. " 

Almour also noted that he would 
try to bring about a "cooperative 
effort" among the elected officers 
in order to better coordinate UCSD 
affairs. "By getUng all the com-
missioners together I feel we could 
have a much more effective 
govenunent," he said. 

InlhOny 80nZ118. 
Muir Junior Anthony Gonzales II 

running with the hopes of 
publicizing the Issues facing 
students and giving them some 
knowledge on "how to fight hick." 

Gonzales states a vote for him 
equates to a vote for "a fighting 
government," which will work on 
such importam matters u the 
reversal of the Bakke decIaion; the 
dissolving of aU UC ties with the 
CIA and South Africa; forcing the 
Regents and UC admini.stration to 
open their books for public ~ 
spectlon; and making Third 
College the third world college It 
wu ortclnally planned to be. 

An active member of the YOUDI 
Socialist Alliance and the Student 
Coalition Against Racism, Gem-

wes has worked toward " total 
support" of all affirmative action 
programs. 

it's up fO the initial govenunent to 
fill in tlie lines. " 

as two of the things hlgh on his list 
of priorities, and claims he would 
work to eliminate the "duplication 
of programs in our Cluster College 
system." 

Grady feell confident he could 
properly "fill in the lines," saying 

"Winning is not the Important · he's structured his education so 
thing," said Gonzales. "Rather, I that he would have the time next' 
see the essential thing in thIa year to be a " full time officer." 
campaign u the raising of per· Many of Grady's plans for UCSD 
tinent issues and the educating of stem from his involvement with 
the students. We should demand different forms of government. He 
that UC fmance free gynecological worked as a legislative analyst for 
care and child services for women. Georgia Senator Talmadge, has 
We should also work to give abo been an intern and staff member 
solute control over the University's for the city attorney, was assistant 
operations, .lSpeCially all student campaign director in Penn-
fees, to a panel of faculty, staff, sylvania for Carter, and is 

Speaking of zero base budgeting 
in reference to student fees, Grady 
also noted that he might consider 
trying to follow Berkeley's pattern 
of the incorporation of student 
government in order to make it 
autonomous rather than an ad-
visory group to the Chancellor. 

Jen Lelfe, . 
and students. ' currenUy President of the UCSD Muir Junior Jeff Leifer cites 

Ski Club. himself not only as one of the 
Clairning to be running on the 

only slate of third world people, 
Gonzales noted the fact that only 
two third world candidates are 
seeking offices. 

"I'm not affiliated with any elite primary persons who worked to get 
factions or groups," said Grady. the ASUCSD governmental form 
"The old AS went out because they instituted, but also as the only 
developed into an elite group, candidate who fougtt for such an 
much like the Coop. I would work end. 

lien IIrId, for a government 'of the sunshine,' "Some of the other candidates one in which all student could come worked agaiI\st the AS structure," 
in and speak." said Leifer, "and now they're 

Fourth College Junior Steve 
Grady stated that ''the ASUCSD 
COIlStitution is just a framework-

Grady cited the "plight of the asking for your vote. I worked hard 
Communication department," and to gain a legiUmate government, 
the need for gynecololtical services - and will work just as hard to get 

BreedeD, IIaIC, Lehmer, MCBride, 
Slndl~r, ThlcklluD are I·P HOP81ull 
Pliline Brelllen 
Free gynecological car, Affirmative Action 

programs, and the availability of child care on this 
campus are issues that concern every woman at 
UCSD. The administration has shown itseif to be 
disinterested in securing these basic services for 
women. In the position of ASUCSD Vice-president 
I would continue to work for these programs on a 
wide basil. 

With the experience derived from work with the 
Feminist Ccalition and other women's groups, I 
can address these and other Issues that concern 
women most directly. I am the only candidate 
running for the top positions that can make this 
claim. 

All students must gain representation in this 
govenunent for it to reflect the diversity of the 
UCSD community. The BSU and MEOlA have 
asked for representing seats for the Black and 
Chicano communities. As Vice-president I can 
address the needs of the students in general, and 
provide the voice women need in student govern-
ment. 

Ilrry Lahmer 
1. The AS can be the students' vehicle to Il& 
precedented popular change. 
2. I don't believe the students have to get involved 
with their govenunent • Instead the government 
must seek to embrace the students. 
3. I want to chance the 'factory for ..... n:h' at· 
mosphere often preRDl on campus. 
4. I know where and how to put pressure to get 
thqIdone. 
5. I am not connected with any of the old factions 
or eUte groupe. 
e. I belie", the studenta want concrete results In 
the area oflmprcwed stude. life. ThIs Is what I 
will work to deUver. People don't want politics • 

they want an atmosphere in which they can better 
enjoy themselves. 

U you believe in what I do then help me get the 
vote out this week. 

scon McBride 
I believe students are more quaJilied to deter-

mine how student funds are to be spent than are 
UCSD administrators. When you consider tbat the 
$6 Student Activity Fee each of us pays every 
quarter adds up to around $150,000 in a year do 
you really think it's safe to let anyone but ele~ted 
students oversee its allocation? 

This is an issue that goes beyond the dollar 
figures . It's an issue of the right of students to 
make their own decisions. Businesses run ex-
clusivE'ty by students are by far more efficient and 
are ~tJle to serve student interests better than 
those run by the administration. Places like the 
Bike Coop and the Print Coop are perfecUy suited • 
to meet student needs simply because they are 
student operated. 

Who would believe that high salaried ad-
ministrators who oversee the operation of the food 
services can really be in toucb with student needs? 
I believe that businesses that serve students 
should be run by students. 

When a student commits some inlraction of 
University regulatiOlll, such as what happened in 
the CIA 10 incident of last year, I believe that 
student should be judged by hIa peers - not by a 
UC-paid bureaucrat. The establlslment of an aB-
I.deat Judiciary Is essential It is hardly due 
process when a student must face a tribunal wbo 
necessarily owe their allegiance to the Board of 
Regents. The issue Is the administration's in-
volvement in students' affairs. As A.s. Vice 
President I will make every effort to make student 
government work. for Il1IdeDtI. 

CoaUDaed III Pale' 

tbings done - as ASUCSD 
President. " 

Leifer's qualifications include 
being an Educational Policy 
Intern, a member of four 
Academic Senate committees, and 
working closely with career 
planning. " Through my in· 
volvement with various groups I 
have learned about local student 
needs," said Leifer. "As an 
Educational Policy Intern I found 
students basically couldn't appeal 
grades-I developed a system to 
change that. 

"Other pressing matters which I 
would deal with include greater 
student participation with the 
administration, of which I see the 
formation of an ombudsman as a 
partial solution. Additionally, in 
dealing more effectively with the 
students, I would be all for an 
"executive council" (a cross 
section 01 all stud'"t groups ), as 
well as greater participation 01 the 
colleges in the govenunent. " 

Leifer stated emphatically that, 
"$4 million dollars a year are 
collected in Reg. Fees, of which eo 
percent go to the administration. 
We must be strong in reordering 
priorities and redistributing funds 
for student benefits." 

Indy SChnll ... 
Muir College Junior Andy 

Schneider points to his " past ex· 
perience" as the overriding thing 
for students to consider when they 
vote. 

Last year Schneider was a UC 
Lobby Intern, bas been an 
Academic Affairs Intern, worked 
on the Student Rights Task Force, 
and was Coordinator of External 
Affairs this year. In working for 
these groups and others, Schneider 
has fought for such issues as Third 
College Unit Two and affirmative 
action. 

PresenUy, Schneider is actively 
opposing the library 
reorganization plan, saying, "I 
think it 's ludicrous that ad· 
ministrators say library books 
aren't being used just because they 
aren't checked out." Schneider 
also noted that, " undergraduates 
can't wait two or three weeks for 
books to shipped here. H elected, I 
will try to get all the ASUC's 
together against this Issue." 

Reg. Fees are also an important 
priority for Schneider, who says 
that, " In order to keep Reg. Fees 
ft'OlJl skyrocketing in the next few 
yeats, we should fire a few ad-
min4strators and use the money for 
student services." He advocates 
total rtudent control ov r Reg. 
Fees, saying that 110 per .. 'eIlt of the 
money goes lor • adrrun tr8uve 
costs." 

To make sure I11At there Is 
student representation in tbe new 
government, Schneider believes 
that a fonnalapperatus is needed-
perhaps something like a c0n-
tinuation of the Monday town hall 
meeting •. 



Comm. 01 Academic Allalrs 
Brad Drexler 

U.C.S.D. has lived for quite a while without an effective voice In their 
education, and nowhere Is this more apparent than In the area of academic 
affairs. The. Academic Senate has held a virtual dictatorship over this most 
important aspect of our education. Now Is the time for us to act, and ' 
legitimize student participation. Now we have the opportunity to elect 
someone who will be able to speak with the voice of the students. 

I'm proud to say that this university provides an excellent education, and I 
hope that I've helped make this tru~. But the possibility exists for much 
more. Academic excellence must be safeguarded. 

Education should be more personal. Learning should be stressed over 
grades. There should be more flexibility In the grading policy, for example 
the greater availability of PassINo Pass ; the so-called Z-gradlng system, 
where the student can drop the class up until the final. Above all, the student 
should have the choice. 

There should be expansion and encouragement of special programs - like 
the 195-199's . Students should have a voice In tenure proceedings! A student 
ombudsman (which most schools have) would be a great improvement. 
There will be openness, accessibility, and a guarantee of quality education 
for all. 

WUlIam Friedman 
William Friedman believes that many of. the changes needed on the UCSD 

campus should be Initiated by the Academic Affairs Commissioner. That is 
why he Is offering himself as a candidate for that office. 

He believes that the library hours are nothing short of absurd. His plat-
form proposes that the central library be kept open until midnight during the 
week. We all know that a few crucial points on a midterm can make a dif-
ference. Another hour or two spent on a paper can raise a grade. 

FINE ARTS QUARTET 
featuring Walter Trampler, viola 

Mozart: Quintet in 0 Major., K.593 
Shostakovitch: Quartet No.3 
Mozart: Quintet in G minor, K.516 
April21 ,8:00 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD St. $2.o0 ,G.A.$6.50 

UCSD ~X Offtce: 452-4559 

****************************** .. . 
.. ~ 
; MAN DEVILLE LECTU RES '77 ~ 

~ presents t 
~ .. ~ - .. 
.. RAMSEY CLARK .. 

~ . .. 
: fn.mer U.S. Attorney General .. 
.. : 
: "The American Dteam: Dream or Reality?': : 

************ : 
April 26, 8:00pm : 
Mandeville Auditorium : 
Admission: FREE .. 

************ 
for more information 425-4559 

***************************** 

il 
il 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 

~ 
il 
.. 

Friedman stands for greater student input Into curriculum development. 
Students know what they want to study and should determine some of the 
courses which are offered . 

William Friedman Is especially sensitive to the TA issue. This campus is 
short of TA's. 1t Is desperately short of good TA's. Friedman maintains that 
students should have complete control over the selection of TA's In the form 
of a veto power. After a period of about two quarters, students who have had 
a giyen T A should be able to decide whether he/she should be retained or 
replaced. ' 

Finally, Friedman supports the ballot question which calls for the 
Chancellor to meet with students every Wednesday. 

LauraXerl 
Academic.affairs Is an area of great concern to students, but one in which 

we've had little Input in the past. Soon, we'll have a new student govern-
ment at UCSD, but it can't accomplish anything without good leadership and 
without active student participation. If elected I 'U give the following Issues 
top priority: 

- Keeping our books at Central Library. Quick access to books is necessary 
for efficient research. Who wants to have to order books from UCLA each 
time a term paper Is due? 

- Faculty quality. UCSD's losing many good professors and having 
problems attracting others. Students can work with departments to force the 
administration to make this a top priority. 

- Improvement of TA perfonnance. Getting TA's to attend lectures, more 
T.A. training, and generally giving T .A. 's Incentive to perform well, or at 
least competently. No Incentives currently exist 

- Elimination of UCSO's second class status with respect to studenV 
faculty and studenVTA ratios. UCSO's are some of the hIghest In the U.C. 
system, and are scheduled to rise even more next year. These goals are 
important and reaUstlc, but can only be realized through your support and 
participation. It 's up to you. If these issues are importantto you, elect Laura 
Kerl Commissioner of Academic affairs. . 

lice Prasld 
CODtinued from Page 7 .Jt!LU~~" enabling those interested 

nh~:en,e their elected represen-
in actIon, and readily JOhl 'hle.Slun _ p m.un, Infonnation pertaining to 

affairs. Informed student 
is vital In resolving 
~isfiactolrily problems pertaining 

Issues as the allocation of 
fees and the establishment 
maJlag~~me.nt of the proposed 

eating facility In the 

To facilitate student UHI'lIr'M 
and to promote more 
relations between student 
ment and members of t he 
body, changes In both Strl~ctl1l l'P 
function of the govenunent 
be instituted. Although 
open to student participation, students have a rare 0p-
Iate unlamented cooperative .... 'rlnr,itv to choose a new, more 
compllshed little In the government dedicated to 
behalf because of its best Interests by electing those 
structure and confused fWlctlDn. E~ri~,~~uniqUelY qualified by ex-

and'sensitivlty to serve. 
Nevertheless, some of 

tributes should be Statements for vice-presidential 
enhanced in future Phil Isaac and Mark 
ment, .namely, open student are on page two. 

.Two Candldales lor Commissioner 01 Communi 
David Elsen 

UCSD's Communication's Board 
was set up to be the regulatory force 
regarding campus media , to provide 
some kind of consistency within 
each ' newspaper and the radio 
station. The Board has, in the past 
year , accomplished little, if 
anything. The reason for at least 
part of this, is that the members of 
the Board know little, or nothing, 
about working journalism. 

I believe that a strong journalistic 
background should be a prerequisite 
for leadership on the Board. My 
opponent has not indicated that he 
has any journalistic background at 
all. I have seven yeal"l of media 
experience, including the past year 
as E xecutive Editor of the Triton 
Times. I wish to use my experience 
to: 

-Establish a complete on-campus 
typesetting facility which will 
provide visual regularity as well as 
save money; 

-Unite the media to establish 

viability for the Board as well as 
give backing to media financial 
needs and request. 

-Revise and update the Board's 
constitution, In order to aSSW"e 
better responsiveness of the 
newspaper and radio station to 
stydent needs. 

I would like to bring up the general 
level of competence In each campus 
journal, and the radio station. I 
believe this is a common student 

DaueEisen 

request. I don't believe, ma ny campus-wide publications, In 
that it can be accomplished addition to his influence on what we 
journalistic knowledge and read in the Triton Times. This is a 
perience in the leadership of and simple conflict of tmerest; 
Conununications Board, allow one person to have 

Micbael BaIley widespread control over the 
Do you want a media mOJoolll1llc runpll8media. 

at UCSD? David Eisen, I am not Involved In any campus 
editor of the Triton publication; there would be no 
nlng for the office of nfli f if I ed I 
of Communications. If he co· ct 0 Interest ' I were e ect . 

Pl"'f'[p,rI~ he would have have dealt with people in many 
situations, thus giving me adequate 
, exnll!ri~'nl'@ In personal diplomacy. 

addition, ll ·years In Scouting and 
rwmlng an Amateur Radio club 
have given me an understanding of 
what is required to lead a group of 
people towards a common goal. 

Adequate student representation 
will not be realized if ODe person 
controls all the media , and we must 
have adequate representation for a 
responsive government. Therefore I 
ask: if you want no confUct of In· 
terest and adequate representation, 
then give me your vote for Com-
missioner of Communications. 

BOOK NOW or Pay M 
LIMITED SEATS STILL AVAILABLE TO AMS 

FLT DEPART 
553 JUNE 7 
554 JUNE 7 
506 JUNE 13 
507 JUNE 13 
555 JUNE 15 
556 JUNE 15 
509 JUNE 18 
510 JUNE 18 

5~ JUNE 20 
561 JUNE 20 
512 JUNE 20 
514 JUNE 20 
520 JUNE 22 
571 JULY 4 
574 JULY 8 
576 AUG 6 

C IEE 
......... Stud. nt 

Travel 
Services 

RETURN ROUTING AI L · AC DURATION FAR E 
AUG . 7 LA XIAMS/ LAX MP , DC l0 9 5459 
AUG. 21 LAXIAMS/LAX MP DelO 11 5469 
AUG. 23 OAK/PAR/OAK TV · DCIO 10 5469 
AUG. 28 OAK/ PAR/OAK TV · DCl0 11 5469 
AUG. 7 LAX/AMS/ LAX MP · DC10 8 5469 
AUG. 21 LAXI AMS/ LA X MP DC10 10 5469 
AUG. 28 OAK/PAR/OAK TV · DC 8 10 5469 
SEP. 3 OAK/PAR/OAK TV · DC 8 11 S4li9 
AUG. 21 LAX/ AMS/ LAX MP · DCIO 9 5479 
AUG. 25 LAX /PAR/ LAX TV · DC 8 9 5479 
AUG. 23 OAK/PAR/OAK TV , DC 8 9 5469 
SEP. 3 OAK/PA R/ OAK TV , DC 8 11 S4li9 
SEP 9 OAK/PAR/ OAK TV - DC 8 11 5469 
SEP. l1 LAX/AMS/LAX MP , OC10 10 $459 
SEP 16 LAX/PAR/LAX TV - DC 8 10 5-4 59 
SEP 16 LAX/PAR/LAX TV , DC 8 6 5-459 

NEWLY APPRO 
BOOKING CHARTERS 
FLT 
577 

. 578 

OEPART 
JUNE 19 
JUNE 19 

RETURN 
AUG. 21 
AvG. 28 

ROUTINO 
LAX/ LON/LAX 
LA X/ LON/LAX 

AND PARIS 

VANCE 
LONDON 

IIOOKING 
FARE OEADLINE 

9 $487 MAY 2 
10 $487 MA Y 2 

~--, MARK DANA or KEN lABOW£ 12-4pm 
630 Book on campus-UCSD UCSD INltRNATIONAL CENTtR 0-018 LA JOLLA, CA. 92093 

Mark Sindler John Thickstun 

Commissioner 01 Exlernal Allalrs CandldaleS 
Bob Drapeau this group has been allowed to dle a 

As Commissioner of External slow death because it was not 
Affairs, two areas of prime concern ' back,ed by those concern~ wi~ 
would be : 1. The initiation of a local se rvmg the UCSD comml:l"lty. This 
area pressure group and 2. Com- ~oup pressures sta~e l~g.l8lato r.s .on 
petent and effective state-wide Issues such as unjustified twtlon 
representation. In both areas we increases, landlord/ten~n~ rights, 
have been unable to voice a and future campus buildmgs. As 
collective decision. Commissioner of external affairs 

The local area pressure group the Lobby. Annex would be .guided 
would consist of San Diego area back to bemg a more responsive and 
students. The object would be the responsible group. 

I ability to voice a collective decision 
In matters of local student Interest, 
and be able to stand behind those 
decisions as a unified block. As has 
been seen on other UC campuses, a 
group of this nature would be of 
profound -local influence when it 
comes to dealing with the com-
munity on such issues as the Bike 
Coop or the overdevelopment In the 
immediate campus area. 

The Lobby Annex of UCSD, our 
portion of the state-wide UC lobby. 
deals with problems that effect you 
directly as a student here at UCSD. 

Mike Keeler 
What's needed f~irst and most 

importantly from this office is a 
better representation of the con-
cerns and Interests of the students to 
the Individuals and organizations 
(non-student) that we are, or may 
become, involved with. This 
especially Includes the campus and 
UC administration, and the local and 
state governments. An improved 
representation of the students' views 
to the administration will lead to 
more acknowledgement and greater 

PubliC Rel8110ns Director 
JonBekkeD 

We have a new student govenunent at UCSO. It is important that this 
government receive constant student input in order to avoid the formation of 
an elite power structure. 

I see the role of the Public Relations Director as a facilitator of com-
munications - not a buffer between the students and their government. 

How~ver, the Public Relations Director is more than a facilitator of 
communications - this officer must also participate In the decision making 
process of the ASUCSD. I feel that these decisions must be based upon 
student opinion In order to maintain a truly representative government. 

In Part B of the recent referendum students expressed their opinions and, 
if elected, I will use these opinions as a basis for action. I will support student 
Input Into all levels of the decision making process and will work to bring 
student fees and programs u~r student.control. 

Good government depends on 
continual Input. In these elections 
we , the students, must choose a 
group of officers; after the election 
we must work with them. 

Those who wish to talk with me 
about my program may find me In 
the Student Organizations Offices 
Monday, April 17, between 2 and 3. If 
this time Is inconvenient for you 
please call extension 4452 and leave 
your name and phone nwnber. 
Remember that communication is 
essential to good government. 

-------------------Fred Smith 
For the past several years I have 

worked for EDNA, the hub of 
unofficial student Input, into the 
school. I don't come from any 
politica l position, but wish to be able 
to express all views and Input, 
presented to me, to the gove nunent. 
People continue to bring their ideas 
to EDNA and as director of Public 
Relations I would be better able to 
put these ideas and criticisms into 
positive action. 

I 
BEYOND THE IVORY TOWER 

What's it really like out there beyond the borders of UCSD? How 
do you go about gett ing a job when you graduate, and what 

should you do now to make it easier? Aside from what you read 
in ca talogs, what are the day-to-<lay duties and respo nsibiliti s of 

your prospect ive job? 
The answers to these and many more questions will soon be 

ava ilable to you . The Career/ life Planning Committee in 
con ju nc tio n with the Torrey Pines Rotary Cl ub is sponsoring a 
profess ions a nd careers workshop entitled, "Beyond the Ivory 

Tower." Professiona ls representi ng a variety of fields from 
busin to commun ica tio ns will briefly describe their jobs- what 

they like and d islike a bout them, how they got to be where they 
are, openings in the field , etc ., and speak with inte rested students 

on an Individual basis answering any quest ions you might have. 
R~freshmen" will be served durina the program. 

Wednesday, April 20 
7pm Building C 
Student Center 

cooperation. Strong expressions of 
support are also necessary to 
achieve any goals, as well as to 
maintain what we already have, 
specifica lly our bike co-op (and the 
others), 

To let them know what we want, and 
to keep us informed of how and what 
they are doing, 

Nole I'd like to see a higher level of 
input from our students into local 
planning as well. The North City 
West development , coastal 
legislation, and the rapid growth of 
this a rea will have a great effect on 
our community, and I feel we should 
get our say into t he matter. Having a 
background wi th some of the 
planning organizations, I know that 
the City, County, and CPO are all 
relatively responsive to our con-
cerns, they j~t need more Input. 

Last week we asked all can-
didates, except for President, to 
bring campaign statements to our 
office for use in this supplement. In 
addition we asked the candidates 
to come by our office Thursday to 
have their picture taken. 

I will 'also strive to achieve a 
steadier now of Information into, 
and out from the statewide 
organizations we deal with, the 
student lobby and legislature, and 
the various university-wide groups. 

All the statements we receIVed, 
and all the pictures we took, are in 
this supplement; with one ex-
ception. Because of an acute 
paucity of space, we omitted the 
statements of candidates for 
Program Board Chair and Com-
missioner of Appointments and 
Evaluations ; they are running 
unopposed, anywa y. 

UNIVERSITY STUDY 
Interested in eaming university credits 
while exploring a new land in all Its 
aspects? Why not consider a summer, 
semester, year. or degree program at 
one of Israel's seven leading 
universities. Religious studies, 
humanities, the social sciences and a 
host of other courses are offered in 
either English or Hebrew with special 
emphasis on helping you get a grasp 
of Israel. Whether it be in Jerusalem, 
Haifa, Tel Aviv or the Negev, a study 

.. program at an Israeli university will 
give you a new feeling about Israel 
and yourself as well. Write for a 
brochure giving information about all 
the universities and the programs they 
offer. 
Council for Advancement 
of Study Progr.m. 
.t I.rull Unlvenltte., 
515 Park Avenue. New York. 
New York 10022, (212) 751·6070 

For Information, please send to the above address. 11 

Name ________________ ~--------~~-------
A~re" __________________________________ __ 

aty ______ ~State ___________ -'-Zlp __ __ 

University _______________ --:= 
(USDI 

TIl 
TRiTOI TI.S 

IS LOOI IIIB FOR 
A FEW 800D 

MEl •• 
or wome n to SeNt 

on the Triton 's newD r,amic 
Sales Force. 

-------------------.-----------'I I can help, II ndm,' _--!. __________ ..:oo ...... _ ......... 
I I I ~dclr~~ I 
I 1 ~I~rh"l\.. I I l,rilOiI limes I 

. , (illlI Gary betwe~ ~7; .and 12 .. t 452-3466 I 
-----------------------_ .. -----------------------------



......... I .... 'S ...... ,. AprO 11, 1m 

r' 
I' 

~~~j 
':li I 
'1'"':": 
.. 

I ~~~ ~~ ~~~ 
·fu fu;;, 

ll~i!:~ 

i 
I 

::';::e: f~~~~~~ 
~~~~* II ~~~~ ~~~-:::~ 
·:-:·;·x 

~J~ 
,··m -, : •.•... ~ 

I l:~~ 

I 

• 

-Customer 
Comment 

" ..... decided not to orde, it Pepperoni his 
llways bien 01' ta.tte.fI 

Bernie C. 
[Science FIi, Entrant] 

" ••• When is tilt nat discount exam r' 
Chartttn D. 
[Student and part-ti ... 
laam Sttrchtr] 

" ••• The kitdIIn had c ..... We didn't 
Dow that the place .... IIIIJ 

leai Y. . . 
[IeUowMd EJ.Qef IIId 
uteasioI sbldtIIt.) 

Inti 1:00 .... " 

~---··-··--··-··-C;~;;;:-~:i;O·-·--·--··--··-~ 
I • 
· ~ . ! L , ~ off any Pizza with I 
I • 

i WAl~tJIS i 
• • • • I\-. with this coupon-expires 4-10-77 OURKITCHEN·ISO.PE.NUNT:)l 

- - . 12:00 AM 10 Mldmghl 
and 1 :00 AM on Weekends 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

(calllf?~le A~44() ()IZZ() l1eall 
~I ~cai • 1{j.j·tJl1S 

rii ~ . ~~~:r.~:r.~::~~:~::z:::::;:;B:!*::::::$::::::r:t-?-~:~~:5;t.::*~{.~X:::;:~rt;j:-::::?::~:Jf::~;:::Br:<;~~~?;?:"{:-.::J_~::e~:;:~:;::~:::.~:::-il~:~~~j~;rf-:t.~::::~ ~,.;;;,· .. :·..;d~..:·:·::-~~::t~;;~~;~;;;:;i;m~w:E:t:;~·:~·..;··i·-:(,·::-IJ$.·· :~r~~~· ~:.:~z:;::*~::.~ .. ,:~ :.~~~.: .. " . 

... 

, . 

::~;:::;: 

II 
iW Ix" ~~ ~ 
if ri} 

I 
mt 

-
··m I ~9.' 

I ~$~ 
I"'~" '" ;:: •... < 

I :' '; 

Mo_,. April 11, 1J'l7 triton times 
Toreros ·Manhandle Seven Pitchers 

UCSD Trounced by USD 
by DOD Armatroq 

StaHWriter 

The Triton baseball team. 
featuring a large cast. weathered 
through an uphill struggle and 
chilly temperatures last Wed-
nesday afternoon before losing a to 
3 decision to the usn Toreros. 

Much of the cast consisted of 
pitchers. Triton coach Lyle Olsen 
sent in Andy Ciaramitaro. Steve 
Robertson, Tom Schwartz, Jeff 
Wiederholt, Tom Nicholson, Vince 

Softball .... 

Askey and Robert Homan in an 
attempt to snuff the Torero's fire. 
Welderholt. Schwartz, and 
Robertson pitched commendably. 
The story of the game. however. 
was the inability ·of the Triton 
batters to knock in runs. 

Rob Gramme. turned In a 
brilliant day at the plate in con-
necting for a double, two singles, 
while wa)king once. Granune, the 
Triton sophomore shortstop, also 
made several sparkling defensive 
plays. Unfortunately, it was his 

first inning error which took away 
much of the Tritons' hopes for 
beating the talented USD squad. 

With one out. men on first and 
third, and USD lead~ l~, an 
easy grounder rolled by the usually 
sticky glove of Gramme. Two runs 
scored and the Toreros finished 
their haH of the inning with a four 
run lead that let the air out of 
UCSO's balloon. 

UCSO was not much of a threat 
the rest of the way, in what coach 
Lyle Olsen characterized as a 
"loosely played" ballgame. There 
were a nwnber of interesting and 
lUIusual plays. 

CODtlnued from Page 15 , In the fourth, batter Joel Smith 
season opening loss to Southwestern IHI. Mary Jo Speer collected three was called for interference with 
RBI's with a fourth inning triple. The other extra-base hit came from the catcher when Granune at-
Debbie P!iyne ~h~ surprised PLC w:ith a double.. . . tempted to steal second. It took the 

The Tritons finished the game Wlth a total of mne hits and a .333 team wnpires several minutes to agree 
batting average. Their next game will be against USIU on Wednesday at 3 on the rule for such a situation. 
pm on Matthews field. They finally sent Gramme back to 

The softball team is the most recent addition to UCSO's intercollegiate first and Smith back to the bench. 
program. While women's softball is generally well-established at other In the fifth inning fiery cen-
universities, UCSDs team is in Its initial stages ~f fonnation. An atte~pt terfielder Joe Murra~ was kicked 
to fonn such a team was made last year, but failed becau,se of the ruling out of the game after a dispute over 
in which intercollegiate athletes are prohibited from playmg in the same an out call at first. 
intramural sport. Th hi hlight f the f the Since 1M coed softball is a popular activity during spring quarter, . e g ? game or 
many of last year's players were not willing to give up intramurals. Trlto~ came m t~ eighth on 
However this year's squad consists of two new and enthusiastic coaches defenSive gems. With the base 
along with 20 women on the team roster. The team is scheduled for seven loade~ and :UCS~ down by Ulree, 
games along with an invitation to the AlloCal tournament at UC Davis in substitute .n~htflelder Bob Va~ge 
Ma made a bnlliant, ground-sweepmg J~~ Harayda, a UCSD student, serves as head coach with Brian Lewis catch on the run for the first out. 
as his assistant. Harayda bas five years of experience in coaching Next, sh~rtstop ~ramme made an 
women's softball in his home state of Minnesota. He became interested in equally . unpr~ssive snatch ot a 
forming a team at UCSO after talking with Judy Sweet, the Inter- sharp line dri,,:e. He s~pped on 
collegiate Athletic Director. Harayda organized meetings to attract second, and fired to first to 
players, requested and received funding, and began practices early in the comp~e~e the double PlB:y - . 
winter quarter. .Tralling by three gomg mt? the 

Harayda says his coaching philosophy is not to "win at all costs" but he runth, Uam-was s~ck agam by 
does believe in taking the game seriously and consistenUy working hard the unusual plays. FlJ'st! an easy 
to improve. Unfortunately, this will be Harayda's first and last year out became a man at fu:st when 
coaching at UCSO because he is transferring to the University of first baseman Jeff Simmons 
Wisconsin to pursue a business education. bobbled a grounder. The next 

-ilarayda feels "the intramural ruling hurt us a lot," but he was "happy batter then hit an inside the park 
and surprised with the number of people we got. out." ~e is especially hom~ run. The ~est of the game 
happy with the improvement sbown by the more mexpenenced players. was Just a formality . 

Pagel! 

MINDSTYLES/LIFESTYLES SERIES 
Beginning Tuesday, April 19 Muir Apartment Lounge 

"IMAGERY" 
Dr. Ron Lane of Counseling and Psychological ervices 
presenting a Workshop entitled " Mindstyle/ Lifestyle 
through Imagery". This workshop will explore the role 
of fanta y and Imagination in both clarifying and 
changing unsatisfactory life patterns. Participants will 
have an opportunity to experience their own 
imagination in the process. 

U.C. San Diego Campus 
Program Board Presents 

in Concert 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • i Kenny: 
• ~Loqgins 
• • 

:one night only! : 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

May 7, 8: 00 pm 
U.C.S.D. Gym 
UCSO Students $4.50, G.A. $6.00 
UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

israel awareness week 

MONDAY, 
APRIL 18: 

10:30-2:30 -ISRAEL INFORMATION 
TABLE [Revelle Plaza]: 

Information on the politics, 
• history, and sociology of 
Israel, as well as pamphlets 
and literature for University 

and kibbutz programs, summer 
tour groups, bumming around, 

and just having a good time. 
Free posters and buttons, tool 

8:oo-11:oo-ISRAELI COFFEE HOUSE 
[Muir Cafeteria -

Upper Muir Commons] 
-Come dance to your heart's 

content and indulge your 
tastebuds with spicy Middle 
Eastern food at this informal 

dance extravaganza. 
FOLKDANCING taught by specialist 

SHLOMO BACHAR Plenty of food -
Pita, Chumus, Tachina, and Baklava . 

Backgammon, tool 
• 

FOR MORE INFO: 

482-4480 

28&-3783 
482-1133 

sponsored by UCSD Union of Jewish Students 

TUESDAY, 
APRIL· 19: 

10:30-2:30 - ISRAEL INFORMAION 
TABLE (Revella Plaza]: 
8:00-10:00 - LECTURE 

(North Conferance Room]: 
Dr. Mel Spiro, professor 
of Anthropology8t UCSD, 

and authority on Israeli 
Kibbutzim. Dr. Ral Blumber, 

professor of Sociology at UCSD, 
and expert on Women in Israel. 

WEDNESDAY, 
APRIL 20: 

10:30-2:30 - ISRAEL INFORMATION 
TABLE [Revelle Plaza]: 11 :00-1:00-
CONCERT/DANCE [Revella Plaza] : 

The Union of Jewish Students will 
sponsor a performance by the UJS 
Ensemble and an Israel Rock group. 

Corne learn to dance. 

7:00-8:00 - MOVIE: 'BIEaE'[UBa 2822, 
R.v .... Campus] 

-The tragedy of woman's 
suffering due to the 1088 of her 

husband during the Six Day War. 
ADMISSION : .1 .00 

THURSDAY, 
APRIL 21: 

11 :00-2:00 - ISRAELI BAZAAR and 
FLEA MARKET [Revelle Plaza] -f>lenty 

of food , pita,felafel, chumus , and challah. 
ENTERTAINMENT -Israeli dancers and 

folk singers . STUFF TO BUY: Israeli crafts, 
jewelry, shirts , Israeli flags, etc ... Even a 
Sheshbesh (Backgammon) tournament. 

FREE BALLONSIII 
7:30-9:30 - LECTURE [North 

Conferance Room] -Informal 
discussion and Question and Answer 

session led by Dr. Sanford LakoH, 
chairman of UCSD Political Science 

Department, who recently returned from a 
study tour of Israel. 

FRIDAY, 
APRIL 22: 

The UCSD Union of ~Iewish Students and 
the SDSU Jew;s", Student Union w ill 

sponsor a CONCLAVE in San Diego's 
Cuyamaca Mountai s , near Julian. The 
theme of the weeknnd conclave will be 

.Jewish Folklore. mong those present 
will be popular AcnerillRrl QO()'-ie,. 
D.bble Frtednwn, UCLA professor 

Janet H.dda. UCSD professor Rlctwrd 
Friedman, and dance specielist hkMno 

Bllchar. For more info call Robin 
Weisberg at 452-9804. COST: $25. 

Tr nsportation lodging, end food included 
in price. STILL TIME TO APPLYI 



triton times ...... )'. AprIl 11, 1m 
. . 

T iYON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Grad will tutor maih, caiculua, trig stats 
thee"! and problem solving clear Ul>-
derstanding Dan 753-895214/18) 

Del Mar beach house, 4 bdrm , fum, l-y .. r 
lease avail. June. $590 . Call 21~98-1~ 
14 (18) 
Third college ""t. contract for sale. Single 
room. Must be mate, Call Jell at 75!H1I25 
(4 /20) 

Muir Apt. contract for sale to off campus 
female 453.a;04 or 756-.5823 Ilk for Susan or 
f_no. 

Own room In 2 bdrm apl . In Del Mar 120 per 
month utilities Included-deposil? Available 
this month. Call 75!>-5478 no tobacco 
smokers please! 1' /20) 
Must set I immediately to an off-campus 
student l!-1 housing cont...:t for Muir apts. 
ClYlsti 453-5881 (4/20) 

Europe, IS_I, Orient, Australia, NY & ChI. 
Complete student t_et center. AIST, 291 S, 
La Clenaga BI. 1101 B..-Iy Hills. 213/657 · 
2727·1611 2) 
EUROPE-Inexpensive camping, studentl 
!acully flights. Write or call for free 
brochure. National Studenl Travel Bureau 
IOC7 Boxton Av. 118. L.A., CA 90024 
213/478-0220 14122). 
Book now - book on campus! 
Europe, Hawaii & Australia 
Charter III ghts 
CIEE student Travel Services 
Open weekdays 1-5 pm 452-0630 

Low cost trips to ports and villages In Ihe 
South Pacific. Free catalog: Goodman's 
Good Travel Tours, Dept. SO 5332 College 
Ave., Oaktand, CA904618 (4/29) 
Low cost trips to ports and villages In the 
Soulh Pacific. F188 calalog: Goodman's 
(4/29) Good TraYel Tours, Dept. SO 5332 
College Ave., Oakland, CA 94618 (4/29) 

Going to Alaska 1-4 May If you want to Share 
gas call Cpl Desoto at 22!>-3162 7-4 weekdays 
(4 / 20) 
Book Now-Book On Campusl Europe , HawaII 
& Austral ia Charter Flights. CIEE Student 
Travel ServICes. Open weekdays 12-4 pm 452-
0630. 

jobs 
WEAl - Now hiring. Need 010 students for 
part.time wor\( , earn $4OO/mo. Call between 
lOam-noon . 2112-1524 (4127) 

pERSONAls 
Typing IBM selectric. Theses, term papers, 
etc. 452-1588 evenings . (616) 
Hoi t Rockman, actor, seeks female KamikaZe 
pilot lor once shot relationShip . Inlerested? 
Call 48H1592 

As long as Ihe Indomllable human SIIlrIi 
rei uses to be crushed , there Is hope lor a 
hung,,! world . 

"Knowledge can motivate, but action Is born 
out 01 caring" Hunger awareness' sponsored 
IlyTCF week. 

Lee I've been trying to lind you lor 2 weeksl 
Where.weyoul?! Callme!1755-4&10!1 Sootl . 

Last chance to Iry OUI lor the Gong Show. 
Call Brian 453-6636 or Marty 452-4581 lor an 
audilion . (4/18) • 

MUSic students who like 10 sing madrigals, 
motets, etc. Call 296-4178 eves . Sighl-
Singing necessary 

" An exquisite IYm·one of the year's beSI. " -
Judith Crist "Blow-up" Thurs. Apr. 21 USB 
2722. 

"Blow-up· 
Grand prize winner Cannes film lesU .. 1 
Thursday. April 21 USB 27227&9 pm $1 .00 

Authorlred Tibetan Lamb Khenpo Gangha 
will be In San Diego to give meditation In-
Siruction Mon, Ap. 18 to Thu. April 21 . Mon 
10 am, 2 pm, 7 pm, al the Prophet, 4481 
Universlly. Tue, Wed , Thu·7 pm at the 
FriendS Meeting House 7380 Eads Ave., La 
Jolla. 436-1587 14120) 
In a 200 01 0_ 81housand people there mUSI 
be some decenl lun-Ioving musicians. Call 
Miles 453-2775 . 

Dear Ruth , ... Maybe you 're too old and I'm 
too young ... but it's my heart you've alreedy 
stung ... Tony 

EAB meeting : " you are Interested, come to 
our meeting , tonighl, 6:00 4th floor Blake 
Hall. 

Coming! Thurs. Apr. 21 · BIow-up" 01 1 David 
Hemmings and V ...... a Aedgra .. 7&9 pm 
use 2122 _ act nexl week. 

Palm City Princess Latin and Irish mix Well, 
creating Celtic Salsa. Tommy Sparrow 272-
1966. 

Jose Nectar tubular-H""py Birthdayl Hope 
your birthday will be memorable. say hi to 
Revelle Fountain? 

Helpl Let's develop school splril . MTG. 10 
discuss bend , ~dr, drill tm bring ideas 
Wed ;00 7 pm Rae. ConI Rm. 14120) 
Help leI 's develop school $pir" meeting to 
discuss band, cr-Idrs, drill tm bring Ideas 
Wed . 20 7 pm Rae. 

fOR SAlE 
Baby boa constrictors for sale. Make greel 
pets. require liltle space and are quite cute. 
453-9613141 t8) 
Revox tape deck A77 MKII OTR Track $1200 
new 2 years old sell lor $550 firm . Call 453-
1866(4118). 
AM Car in dash pushbutton radio from Volvo 
$15. Call 453-1866 (4118). 

1966 VW cemper. 'fill engine, jUlt luned, run. 
excellently . New tires. $1100. ~ or 
x2707. 

1\le6 Mullang w/2f!lil engine. Classic model 
$900. Call 452-0756 eve. 

'59 VW camper 1500cc rebuilt eng $1000 new 
\Ires, batl.ry brak .. etc . x4159 day 753-2228 
eves,Mlch_1 (4/22) 

Pr800lp & lune,. Dyne pas-3x ul mod, xlnt . 
$1010 Dyne FM5 also xlnt $135. 45:H1898 Tim . 

Koss pro/4aa stereo phonee-excellent 
condition $40. Call -Ellen-452-8681 . 

Tibetan Lama Khenpo Gangha wilt gl .. 
medltallon instruction Man April 18 all0, 2 & 
7 at the Prophel II 4461 Unlverslly & Tues, 
Wed & Thurs. at 7 pm . 7380 Eads A.e. LJ . 
Call 436·1587 

Suzuki ts-l00 streetldlrt bike 75', helmet , 
rain suit, all $350 or besl, 271-407!I. 

Build it In yours.HI AM-FM stereo reoeivers 
.. lout cabinets $27 .50 up. 8 track tape 
players, no cabinet $12.95 Inlegrated 
Computer Eleclronica, Suit. 1-0, 10951 
Sorrento Valley Rd. Open M·F 9-5:30 (4/al) 

Robert August suriboard 7'8" ' Beautllul Opel 67·must sell ; hand lee well- n_ start., 
condition SI00. Call Mark 81452-9404 (4/18) , radio; 87,000 m. Asking $495. Keep trying: 

755~17 (4/22) 
76 Pontiac Astre, air, PS, PB, whit_II 
radials, 5-spd manual, digital lach, eXlras, 
6500 miles, 33 mpg, below blue book , ~ 
8475 (4120) 
Pianos lor rent. Spacial student rales. Call 
276-6064I88ve message (4118) 
Classic '68 A lpha Ronl80 GTV, sharp 
throughout lor saleltrade call 452-1415 
(4/18) 
Surfboards T'" $69 6'10" $40. Call Glenn 453-
2851 14 /18) 
'72 VW bus perfect eng-body 411-1700cc 
xtras call 453-0957 2800 or offer (~/22) 

Scube gear-Sea hawk knife 124. Weight belt 
and 24 Ibs. $18. Cold water hood St4. Call 
755-4259 alt . 5 p.m. (4/27) 

Tape recorder-Panasonlc wlexl & int mlcs, 
rechargable balls, acc's-$50 . Also cass. 
Tapes $1 .50 452-1796. 

Electronic componenlS 1\ low prlats In-
cluding LEO displays 45C up; SeR's $1 , 25 
Amp bridge rectifiers $1 .86. Inlegratad 
Computer ElectroniCS, Suite 1-0, 100000l 
Sorrento Valley Rd. Open M-F 9-5:30. (4/ 20) 

_ Someone to pull weeds once or twice a week . 
$2.50/hr. al Solana Mar Apta., 309 Solana 
Hills, Solana Bch. 75!>-4882 (6112) 
Lost: Blue warm-up jacket wired & white arm 
stripes. Sun 4110 on Muir field. Please call 
Jim at 756-242514118) 
Need extra cash? Peying lop doll. lor U.S. 
sill/ercoins belorel965 . Also buying old U.S. 
coins. Ken 756-7371 (6112) 

I need several used FLOPPY DISKS Irom 
APIS 61 . Call Dave aI452-8835 . 

led Zeppelin-super seals lor a super ahow I Wanted-people lor the G-house bingo nlght 
We ha .. 2 tickets , $19.75 each. Call 453- and ice cream social on April 211. Must want 
9153. to have lun . 

Whan 
do YOD say 

Badwaisar®? 
o Now. 
o Later. 
o All of the above! 

Wanted : WllkonllOn & Reich handbOOk 01 
Aulomatlc Computation used In math 270. 
Doug 453·7500 >13251 . 

Need extra caSh? Paying top doltar lor U.S. 
Sll .... r coins boilore 1ge5. Also buying old 
coins. Cell Ken 75!>-7371 (6/12) 

• SERVICE 
I'm looklno lor people to lorm a 50s 1 60s 
good-tima band. Guitar, keyboerd, drums. 
Call MII88453-2775. 

t********~ 
(c )} 
(c )} 
(c )} 
(c New Company)} 
: Growing Fast ~ 
(t Need Help )} 
(c Make Good MoMy )} 
: Immediate Openings ~ 
{c For Furlher Info ~ 

Call If (t 270-9110 or )} 
(t 275-1081 )} 
********** 

PRECISION CUTTING 
SKINCARE 

JUlLIET MANICURING 

/It. complete Redken Salon 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
Right by La Jolla V lIIage Inn 

455-0680 

There IS a 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

I " .... Ov .. 35 years ..... Dfpper __ BAT Indsu_ 
...... SmMICI_ 
L,Gft. Vofuminoulho .... GRE Itudy m.teriah 

Cou,..th ••• A1IS8 conlt_ly upd.ed 
DCAT 
CPAT 

r .. fecilitlel for 
_,""ofel. 
'-ns end for II. 
of .. ppI-urv 
m ........ 

FLEX "'.-vps for ECFIIG m .... l_ 
un.EDBDS 

SAT-VAT 
SAN DIEGO CENTER 

2180 Oarn ... !"Kille BNCh 92109 

P~e 1M·no-68IJ 

~If 
CENTER ' ~ 

Br.ne .... in major us citMs 
and Swltzerl.net 

.FIat.I.h.II'S 

HERE'S ENGINEERING OPPORI UNITY 
YOU WON'T GET IN PRIVATE INDUS. RY. 

If you're thinking about a 
career in engineering, think 
about this. 

How many companies can 
offer you a nuclear submarine 
to operate? The answer is 
·none. Equipment like this is 
available only in one place ... 
the Navy. 

The Navy operates over 
half the nuclear reactors 
in America. So our training is 
the broadest and most com-
prehensive. We-start by 
giving you a year of advanced 
engineering technology. In 
graduate school, this would 
cost you thousands, but in 

the Navy, we pay you. 
Once you're commissioned 

as a Nuclear Propulsion 
Officer, you'll earn a top 
salary. Over $24,000 a year 
after four years. And you'll be 
responsible for the most 
advanced equipment 
developed by man_ All the 
Navy asks in return is that 
you serve for 3 years on active ' 
duty upon completion of your 
training. 

You have only until May 
15th to enroll in this year's 
Navy Nuclear Propulsion 
Candidate Program. If you 
are majoring in engineering, 
math or physical sciences, 

contact your placement office 
to find out when a Navy 
recruiter will be on campus. 
Or call toll free, 800-841-SOOO 
(in Georgia, 800-342-5855) 
for more information. And if 
you're still ajunior, ask about 
the Navy's NUPOC Collegi-
ate Program, which pays you 
up to $6,000 during your 
senior year . 

The Navy. When it comes 
to nuclear training, no 
one can give you the same 
opportunities. 

NAVYOFFICER. 
I I .. NOI JUST AJOa,. I .. AN ADVENTURE •. 



,. 
! 
: 
. '. ,. 

I I 

PUT 
VOURFEET 
ON THE STREET 
IN SOME NeW 
TREADS FROM 

"'KIdI~ ' 
This stvle-sening line-up of new treads from 
PRO-Keds is lure to put you In the winning trl-
dition for 1977. PRO-Ked. Quatit't and durability 
features include padded coll.r, fOim cushioned linino 
and arch support, terry cloth covered imole, padded 
tongue . h.aY'V dury lyestlV • ..-ld. ".iltv of specj~lly~. 
Signed skid-proof molded outsole • . Even if you don t Win 1M 
PRO.KedI- Machine. you 'll .Iways be. winner when yOU',. 
"".rlng PRO·KIds 

Your local PRO-KedI® d"'er and Uniroyal' lmen-
ufacturer of PRO-KedsllJ ) ere out to put VOU 

in the winning tradition _ To be eligible to 
win the PRO-KedsllJ Meehine. limplv fill 

in an entry form et one of the partici-
pating PRO·Keds deele" lislad 

below bV July 9. 1977. 
Contest is open to all ages. 

Winne" will be notified after 
, August 1 , 1977. See the 

officisl rul. st your 
PRO-KedsllJ deeler . 

No purch_ 
necessarv· 

REGISTER NOW AT ONE OF THESE PARTICIPATING PRO·KED~DEALERS 
C.,llbMI: J . e . ... nney EncinitM: Jerry 'l Sh_ Pow".,: 

_'. ~. SonrIce 
CI.iremont EKondido: D'A,...u~ ........ -

Sque,.. : The Shoe Pirl~ S.ubFi .. R.m", . .. Mil ..... _ 
V.J:I~ 1.,_: Ar""'rOftl Fllmily ShCMI s.nDi_: Iurrloton'l fino __ 

EI Cljon: Kim', ShoeI 0,;.", BelCh: _ -Nique 
Net_· ... _ 1Ioyo _ 

PlCifi. IhlCh: F.rontol.i ~ 
SoI_ BelCh: _._ 

Moaday, AprO 11, lt77 

IISlipper. and Rose": At 
Least it Ends Happy 

by Mlebael Keeler 
As with most fantasies, the story ~ Cinderella easily flta into the mold 

of a musical. Characters who, in the course ~ normal conversation, 
suddenly break into a song and dance hardly seem at all unusual in a 
story which contains the extraordinary doings of a Fairy Godmother, 
And, in The SUpper and the Rose the fairy tale spirit is enhanced by the 
whimsical and capricious characters. For the flbn, the director Bryan 
Forbes and the composers Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman, 
seemingly strive to Imitate, in It general atmosphere, the romance, 
wit, and lightheartedness of a Gilbert and Sullivan production. But they 
do not achieve much success, for the music, though pleasant enough, Is 
easily forgotten and does not carry It through. Perhaps the cto.est they 
get is a very silly scene, reminiscent of HMS Pbaafore, where the King 
and his esteemed Council of Advlaors get carried away in their plalUling 
of the Great Ball, and proceed to do a can-can dance on their meeting 
table. 

There are however several charming periormances, especially by 
Dame Edith Evans as the Dowager Queen, the most endearing senile old 
woman one might ever hope to meet. The other characters, t!lough rather 
shallow, are fairly well presented. The Fairy Godmother, played by 
Annette Crosby, is a most human and engaging character. Portrayed a 
little like something out of TV's Bewitched, she appears in comfortable, 
slightly drab clothing, for, as she explains to CInderella, "those star-and-
glitter gowns and shining magic wands may look rather impressive in 
children'S books, but in reality my dear, they are most impractical." 
Richard Chamberlain is indeed in his element as the Prince and performs 
accordingly, singing like a young Rex Harrison. But Gemma Cravens as 
Cinderella is not impressive or even very appealing, the youthfulness ~ 
her character bordering on adolescent immaturity. 

In the primary purpose as a musical however, the film is very weak. 
The music of Sherman and Sherman is mediocre throughout, certainly 
not much better than the background scores of most feature fUms these 
days. The lyriCS, as well, are lacking much. They are often affected to the 
point of being insipid. (The Prince, visiting the Royal Mausoleum and 
remarking . that ali of his family become entombed there, sings 
" .,. whether good, or evil and nefarious/this is where they'll bury us .. , ") 
Moreover, many musical numbers which had very little to do with the 
story itself were inserted, damaging the small sense of continuity the film 
maintained. And surprisingly, scenes which one might expect to have the 
most weight, dramatically' and musically, like the Great Ball scene in 
particular, are dealt with relatively briefly, presumably so as to move 

. on to the other, however extraneous, numbers. But it does have a happy 
ending. 

FREE ADMISSION 

to play BINGO at 7727 Girard Ave . Mary StM of thl' Sl'iI . 
Cards 25c per game. All games pay 70 % colll'rtl'r1 . Plilv , -
25 games. 

Every Tuesday 7 pm . 

FOR THE NEW 
STUDENT PHYSICAL EDUCATION 

VOTE YES 

AND RECREATION CENTER 

_ OpEN TO ALL STudENTS wid. UNliMiTEd PART_icipATioN ANd No AddiTioNAL ChARGE 

_ A RECREATiONAL COMpLEX WhERE STudENTS will hAVE A MAJOR RolE iN MANAGEMENT 

- PROjECTEd FACiliTiES iNcludE: PLAyiNG fields, OUTdOOR OLYMpic SiZE A SWiMMiNG pooL, TENNis COURTS, 
hANdbALlIRACOUETbAll COURTS, dRylANd ski AREA, JOGGiNG TRAils, EOUESTRiAN CENTER, ANd MORE 

_ AddiTiONAL PhysicAl EdUCATiON clASSES 

INCREASEd FACiliTiES FOR INTRAMURAls ANd AN OPPORTUNiTY TO pLAy iN MORE ThAN ONE lEAGUE iN 

EAch SpORT 

,_ FREE TRANSPORTATioN TO ThE RECREATiON CENTER fROM CAMpUS 

I 
VOTE YES AND SUPPORT THIS NEW FACILITY FOR YOU, THE UCSD STUDENT 

ad paid for by UCSO recr .. llon dept. 

..... " AJI'Ilu, lt77 

Freshman pitcher Nancy Nakamura shows form which carried 
their first win of the young season. 

"Higll anti Hcmgo,en" 
A symposium on the Use and Abuse of Drugs and Alcohol 
This weeks sessions: , 
Monday, April18 8:00 pm Revelle North Dining Hall 
(Revelle Deli) 

Louis'. Bolletti M.D. 
Allociate Clinical Profellor en 'sychiatry 
Dr. Bozzetti will discuss the medical and psychiatric aspects of 
the use of alcohol 
and drugs. 
Tuesday, April 19 7:30 p.m. Revelle NOTth 
Dining Hall . 
(Revelle Deli) 

Ed Austin, Director of National Council on Alcoholism 
A brief lecture on current factoral information ava~l~ble 
on the nature of alcoholism and the myths and realities. . 
A discussion will follow on the personal and psychological 
impacts of alcohol abuse. . _ . 
Symposium sponsored by the Revell~ ~~llege.Resldence 
Hall Staff and the Muir College ActIVIties office 

VE I EKlNARY CARE 
FOR THE 

DR MAR AREA 
CAMINO [)B.. MAA 

The Kinks 
, -IIIICIII CIIIII 

HOLL NO 00' STARZ 
nw ...... 21IL 7: ..... 
CIVIC THEATER 

202 "C" STREET 
Conwnllon ............ " Alta c..-

" ••• ,.,.. .... T~ .......... 1.10 
".,MeIIOrfiIf ... ........ tMIft f~ ............. c..... ... ~ .. ~ 
............ ........."w ......... --. ..... ......,.. -~ .... 

......... ....-. .... 

A Good~Beginning 
For Women's Softball 

by ~bene Froa 
staff Writer 

The U~D women's softball team overwhelmed Point Loma College 
with a 13-4 win on Tuesday, April 12. Nancy Nakamura was the winning 
pitcher, demonstrating good control by allowing only seven hits and four 
walks. 

The team displayed a strong defensive perfonnance, conunitting only 
one fielding error. The downfall for PLC proved to be its pitching, as the 
team gave up 16 baselHlO-balls. . . 

The Triton ~ensive attack showed marked unprovement over its 
Continued 00 Page 11 

~fj. 
9 900 • 

SPRING 
TENNIS 

iANCROFT 
RACQUn 
SPECTACULAR 
TheM fro..... have slight 
blemish •• that do nat effed .... quali-
ty of play .. . they .lin corry a full 
..... yeor guarantee from llancroft. 
Check ...,. our .lringing opeciol on 
...... two rocquelll 

IJOIIt IOIG PERSONAL $ 
from. only . .. ,he rocque. Bjorn Borg u ... in 1995 
competi.ion. 0. ... 129 •• 5 .............. . 

lILA lOS SPECIAL' '$1 
frame only . . '. 0 great rocQue. buyl 
0. .... 26 •• 5 ........................... . 

Buy one racquets and we 
have a .uper .tringing .peciol for you. 

~'wllt= ...... S49S ~~ ....... $7" 
tisted ot 

BANCRO" 
TENNIS BALLS 

Exira-duty .. optic yellow ... no 
limit while quantities lost. 

r:-------, t Kinko's Special t 
I Copies t 
t 21/2 ¢ t t e~h t 
t NoMinimum 
t Kinkos 
t, 

-

SIN DIIGO'I LUI. 
IN UCQUIT SIIOIIII 

rams e UCQUITIAU, 
U_NrON 

W ARM-UP SUITS $1 99 . 
liN • 

Over 700 warm-up .uits to "'00 .. Irom 
. . . a gr8O' selection of .tyl .. , colors 

GRIP·STRIP TAPE 
Non,.lip gouze tape lor rocque' 
grip .•. doesn', "'onge grip si.e 
.. • lY," by 30 f_ .,. gr"n, 
oronge or blue. 
0. 
.... 1.2 ..... 

., AND WOMIN'S 

SWEATERS 
30%OFFI 

A Iorge oeIection of brand nome 
.......... lor men and women. Checlt 
.... coIo<s. the otyIes. the brands ... 
and .... pricesl IAII Soles Finol) 

\ Prices eH.ctiw IIwoueh Sunday. April 2~. 
1917. 01 ................... 

and brand nome. for men ond women. 30" 
Were CUlling our olready low discount Off 
pr ices even ...,...1 Sol.s I 

IIr 
~ADBHDPa 



triton times Meada" AprO 11, lJ77 

What Can You Do With Your Major In 
MONDA Y, APRIL 18 

I.ARTS: DRAMATICS, MUSIC, VISUAL ARTS 
2:00 p.m. - 3:30 - p.m. - Student Center, Building C 

2. COMMU NIC ATIONS, LINGUISTICS, FOREIGN 
LANGUAGES 

4:00 p.m. - 5:30 p.m. - Muir Apartments Lounge 

3.COMPUTER SCIENCE 
11 :00 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. - Student Center, North 

Con ference Room 

4. ENGINEERING PHYSICS (AMES, APIS) 
2:30 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. - Urey Hall, Seventh Floor 

Con ference Room 

5. SOCIOLOGY, ANTHROPOLOGY 
12:00 noon - 1:30 p.m. - Muir Apartments Lounge 

? 
-..:......-------. 
FIND OUT. MEET SOME 
PRACTICING 
PROt' ESSIONALS AND 
HEAR THEIR VIEWS. 
MEETINGS ARE DESIGNED 
FOR P-ARTIC\JLAR 
ACADEMIC MAJORS. 
UNDECLARED STUDENTS 
ARE URGED TO ATTEND 
THE SESSIONS CON-
CERNING MAJORS OF 
I NTEREST TO THEM. 

Wow '77 Fair 

TUESDAY, APRIL 19 

I.BIOLOGY, CHEMISTRY 
II :30 a.m. - 1:00 p .m. - Biology Building, Room 1103 

2. ECONOMICS, POLITICAL SCIENCES, HISTOR~ 
11:00 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. - HL 3216, EconomIcs Con-

ference Room 

3. LITERATURE, PHILOSOPHY 
_ 3:00 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. - HL 3309 

4. MATHEMATICS 
!0:00a.m. - 11:30a.m. - AP& M, Room 5218 

5. PSYCHOLOGY 
2:00 p .m. - 3:30 p.m. - Muir Apartments Lounge 

Wednesday - April 20 - 11:00 A. A.M. - 3:00 P.M. 
Student Center 

Music, Food and Occupational Information 
ALUMNI AND FRIENDS 
I-ROM THE COMMUNITY 
WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR 
INt'ORMAL DISCUSSIONS 
CONCERNING THEIR 
WORK, THEIR EDUCATION 
AND HOW THEY VIEWTHE 
FUTURE. 

The Complete Graduate &hool Program 

3:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. GENERAL INFORMATION 
SESS ION 

2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. - LAW AND MANAGEMENT 

Wednesday, April 20 
Student Center 

Complex -
Building C 

4:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. - GRADUATE PROGRAMS IN 
BIOLOGICAL SCIENCES 

4:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. - PROFESSIONAL PROGRAMS IN 
SOCIAL SERVICE 

So Y OU Want To Go Into 
THURSDA Y, APRIL 21 

1. COMPUTERS & THEIR USE 
10::00 a. m. - 12:00 noon - Revelle Formal Lounge 

2. ENTERTA INMENT, RECREATION 
!' :OO p.m. - 3:00 p.m. - Student Center, Building C 

3. HEAl. H FIELDS 
. 1:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m . - Student Center Lounge 

4 .LAW 
' 1:00 a.m. 1: _ r m. - Student Center, North Con-

fcrencw Room 

5. OCI.\ R S ARCH & LIBRARY INFORMATION 
CIEr E 

3:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. - Revelle ormal Lounge 

6. TEACHING, EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION 
1 :30 p.m. - 3:30 p.m. - Third College, TEP Building (To 

be followed by Vista Unified School Di triet Slide Show) 
7. WRITING, PUBLI HING 

12:00 Noon - 2:00 p.m. - Revelle Formal Lounge 

? 
--------- . 

THERE ARE NUMEROUS 
PROFE ION AVAILABLE 
TO TUDENT WHO 

FRIDAY, APRIL 22 

1. ADMINISTRATION/MA NAGEMENT: BUSINESS 
AND GOVERNMENT 

11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. - Student Center Complex, 
Building B Multipurpose Room 

(; RA D U ATE FROM 2.SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH 
COLU.GE, AT ALL 10:OOa.m.-12:00noon-StudentCenter BuildingC 
ACADEMIC LEVEL. ' 
TIIESE MEETING WILL 3. 0 IAL WORK/COUNSELING 
PROVI D E AN OP- 10:OOa.m.-12:00noon-RevellelnformaILounge 
PORTUNITY TO LEARN 
ABOUT OME nELD , THE 4.URBAN PLANNING & EN VIRONMENTAL CONTROLS 
SKILLS NEEDED TO ENTER I :30 p .m. - 3:30 p.m. - Revelle Informal Lounge 
ANI) WHAT IT' LIKE TO 
WORK IN THE FIELD. DOE 
THE . ' IE LD HAVE A 
.. ' UTU R E? FIND OUT 
BU'ORE YOU ENTER. 


