
. Hunt NanJed Acting Dean 
Murphy Resigns, Cites "Personal Reasons" 

George Murphy 

Dog-Sitters 
Service Aid 
For Owners 

Angelika Byczkowski has a 
cause-a cause some migtt say is 
"for the dogs." 

like many other stadenta with 
dogs, Byczkowaki will be affected 
by the new UCSO dog laws going 
into effect May 2 (see April 7l) 
Triton Times). "Sure, I couldleave 
my dog home from 9 to 5," she 
said, "but what kind of life is that 
for the animal?" 

Byczkowski, in attempting to 
arrange a "better system" for the 
animals, has talked with Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs George Murphy, - and 
worked out some "possibilities." 

" Basically, we've got to 
organize," said Byczkowski. "For 
the kind of dog~itting service I'm 
thinking of, it will be necessary to 
have at least eight to 10 people. 
What has been tentatively 
arranged, pending investigation of 
laws and more definitive talks, is a 
place away from campus, 
probably around Central Library, 
where people could take their 
dogs." 

Byczkowski envisions the outside 
location being nut as "something 
like a C&-op. For every hour you 

Contioued on Pille 8 

George Murphy, Vice-ehancellor 
and Dean of Student Affairs here 
since 1967, submitted his 
resignation to Chancellor McElroy 
yesterday afternoon, the Triton 
Times has learned. The 
resignation was accepted. . 

Howard Hunt, head of the UCSD 
physical education department, 
was named by McElroy as interim 
student affairs dean, beginning 
Monday. McElroy said last night a 
nation-wide search will be con-
ducted to find a replacement for 
Murphy by this September. 

Rumors have been circulating 
through the administration for the 
past several weeks that Murphy 
would either resign or be dismissed 
by McElroy due to the results of 
two audits made on the student 

affairs department. 
. Murphy-who held his post longer 

than any other UC dean of 
students--submitted his 
resignation for personal reasons, 
McElroy said. 

When reached at his home 
yesterday, Murphy deferred all 
comment to McElroy. He did say 
he will be off campus today. 

McElroy said he did not expect 
Murphy to resign at their 2:00 pm 
meeting yesterday. However, the 
Chancellor indicated he was aware 
that Murphy was considering the 
move. 

"Pleased to Help" 
Hunt-who founded the campus 

PE department in 1965-told the 
Triton Times he received the job 

-.....- -"'-'--

because " physical education is the 
department that deals with more 
students on a non-academic basis 
than any other department. 

" If McElroy thinks I can help out 
on an interim basis then I'm 
pleased to have the opportunity," 
HlUltsaid. 

According to Hunt, he and 
McElroy established two con-
ditions before he accepted the 
interim post. The first condition 
was that HlUlt not be a candidate 
for the permanent position. The 
second was that Hunt has the 
Chancellor's 100 percent backing 
for all decisions he will have to 
make. 

McElroy said Hunt will ask 
present student affairs personnel 
to remain in their jobs. Howard Hunt 

Committee Urges $375 
Reg Fee for 1978 -79 

by Alec Nedelman 
Associate News Editor 

Amid rumors of a walkout by student committee members, the 
Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs (AO>FP) met Wednesday 
night to finalize its recommendations on future student fee levels. 

However, by an apparent silent agreement, the students decided to stay 
"and meet the administration head~n," according to one committee 
member who asked not to be identifi~. On the very first agenda item-the 
discussion of contingency bu4get items-two students accused Rick 
Whitehill, Associate Vice-chancellor of Student Affairs and the ACSFP 
administrative co-<:hair, "of trying to lead the committee by the .nose." 

Whitehill heatedly denied that he had "withheld information, or had 
manipulated or pushed the committee around." 

Budget Examples 
Students Ann Carberry, Marsha Harris, Bert Lee and student co-chair 

Oscar Moreno mentioned the Muir Dean's Office, Student Center, Student 
Health Services and Student Financial Services budgets as examples of 
what the student members wanted but could not get from Whitehill. 

The highlight of the evening's meeting was a decision by the AO>FP to 
set the 1978-79 annual registration fee level at $375. The committee had 
been in disagreement for the past four months as to what level to set. 
Under regulations from UC President Saxon's office, the minimum fee 
for that year could have been $3&0. However there was some feeling 
within the committee that this level would severely cripple campus 
programs and services. The discretionary power given to each campus 
chancellor would have allowed the fee to rise to $3M for next year. 

AccOrding to Whitehill, "there was a consensus within the committee 
that, given all student affair funding sources and the effects of raising the 
fee level, PIle could not raise the fee level any higher (than $375) witho"t 
driving students away from the University." He added "I have a lot of 
questions, however, about the wisdom of that position. " 

Whitehill said the $375 reg fee figure " will mean very stringent 
budgetting and absolutely no increase in overall programming and 
services. " Possibly," he added, ''there will be some significant decreases 
in these areas." No such program decreases have yet been specifically 
identified, he said, because they may not be needed. 

The AO>FP voted by consensus to suspend their rules and bear 
presentations on intercollegiate sports, the Day Care Center and disabled 
students from a contingent of 12 visiting students. These registration fee 
line items had previously been acted upon with respect of next year's 
budget. 

i SUe Stanfield, the spokesperson for the 12 students, asked the com-
E mittee to reconsider a $6500 travel request to maintain the women's in-
! tercollegiate sports program that she claimed the AO>FP had not in-

'7. __ ............ _~ eluded in next year's budget. However, she was infonned by the com-
~ t5 mittee that the request had indeed been included in the proposed budget. 

• .. 0 Speaking on Day Care Genter funding, Stanfield said "I understand 
~ there is no firm committment on the fWlding of day care .... Day care is a 

~ function of the university," she went on, and it is not functioning in an 
adequate way to allow single parents sufficient care for their children. 

Studying outside the VA hospital: Amid the hulla·balloo of rising registration The committee reconsidered the cutting of day care entirely and voted 
fees and ASUCSD elections, the prime concern at UCSD continues. to allocate $11,000 to the Day Care Center for next year. ' 

RlIHJff Elections Set Back One Week 
Official ASUCSD Vote Now Unofficial, P~nel Rules 
byR~Alpert 

Staff Writer 
The " official" results of last week's 

ASUCSD election, announced Tuesday 
night, suddenly became "unofficial" after a 
bitter Elections Sub-committee meeting 
Wednesday. 

In a statement released after Its Wed-
nesday night meeting, the Transition 
Team's Elections Sub-committee an-
noWlced it voted unanimously to suapend 
both Its certification of election results and 
its disqualification m six candidates for 
failure to submit financial statements by the 
official deadline. 

Sub-committee members said they will 
make a final certification ~ the election 
results and all declaions concemin~ 
disqualification m candidates by next 
Wednesday. 

The sub-committee also announced it has 
moved the date for the run-off elections 

fro~ ~ay 4-5 to May 11-12. At that time, 
votmg 15 also set for ASUCSO council seats 
and the individual college governments. 

In addition, the panel said it would require 
detailed receipts and financial statements 
from aU of last week's candidates by 3:00 
pm today. Any written allegations of 
campaign rule violations must be submitted 
to MC 109 by next Monday morning at 9:00. 
These moves grew out of accusations by 
several candidates of inconsistent and ar-
bitrary enforceme.nt of campaign rules by 
the sub-committee (Triton Times, April 1:1). 

Steve Grady, a presidential candidate 
originally disqualified for failure to ubmit a 
financial statement, submitted a letter 

Monday ' mornmg to Chancellor McElroy 
and the sub-committee detailing alleged 
inconsistencies of enforcement of campaign 
rules. The letter was sigced by five other 
candidates. 

Grady placed second in the presidential 
race behind Jeff Leifer, but because of his 
disquaWication Andy Schneider, who placed 
third, and Leifer were set to be in a run-off. 
Leifer, in the original results, received 408 
votes, Grady 301 and Schneider 285.' 

In response to the sub-eommittee's 
decision, Grady said, " I was wronged by the 
whole thing and I'm going out of my way to 
be fair." Grady said he would "lilt tothrow 
the election back to the students" in the 
fonn of a three-way run-off between him· 
self, Leifer and Sclvleider. 
Leifer Comments 

Leifer, commenting on the sub-

" The issue was d prOCedural question as 
to whether or not the sub-conunittee should 
uphold its first decision (the disqualification 
of six candidates for failure to submit 
financial statements by the deadline) ." 
committee's de inon, said, "The sub-
committee, through its decision, has 
avoided the issue a t hand. They reacted to 
pressure from ttl administration and 
certain candidates who made threats and 
have lost Cred1bt1tty WIth the students by 
extending the campaign. 

111 sub-committee also announced In !~ 
tatement that , if any allegations are 

received, there will be a bearing next 
Tuesday at 6:30 pm and that certification of 
the results will take pIa Wednesday. Uno 
all gations re re Iv d the results will be 
certified Monday. 



Pap! 

-.... --~ 

-,"" .c::::: __ _ 
-"--. ~ 

-"--- .; 

letters to the Editor 

IT Misrepresents Facts 
On Wednesday, April 20, 1977, the 

Triton Times published false and 
inaccurate statements. I demand 
corrections and retractions. The 
list: 

1) "The injunction, which 
blocked today's election ... " The 
election was not blocked. A tem-
porary restraining order was not 
issued; a hearing on an injunction 
will occur May 20, 1977. 

2) " The case was brought 
against Chancellor McElroy, Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs , George Murphy, Election 
Board Coordinator Andy Schneider 
and the UCSD Elections and 
Communications Board." Special 
Assistant to the Vice-chancellor-
Financial Mangement, David 
Ernst was named as a defendent. 

3) " Also, it was suggested that 
the Communications Board failed 
to make sure the referendum was 
covered properly _" It was charged 
that the Communications Board 
failed to investigate and correct 
the reporting of the Triton Times 
even though complaints were filed 
to the Communciations Board. 

4 ) " Defendant Schneider also 
denied that the case had any legal 
grounds." Defendant Schneider is 
wrong. Courts do not establish 
hearings on complaints without 
legal grounds. 

5) " Monty and 'Vic from the 
start attempted to prevent the 
students :r9m voting," Mr. Reed 
and mys! If have advocated a fair 
and open v(>ting process from the 
start. 

G) " He said, ' I never saw any of 
these so-< ailed ' gross election code 
violatiom ' _ if these tlliJlgs had 
happene'J, why weren't they 
reported lo the Election 's Board." 
Complair t.s were given to the 
Election Board and its Coor-
dinator_ 

7) " ThIS case is motivated by 
sheer pOlitical maneuver," 
Schneider claimed, "and not by the 
fairness of due process." This case 
was motivated by concerns over 
due process and equal protection 
under the US Constitution. 

8) " The Coop is gone." The 
Student Cooperative Union (SCU) 
is involved in a court acUon that 
wi\l d terrnine its status; the SCU 

~ontinues to be a place and form 

for organizing students; Monday 
night General Assemblies con-
tinue. 

9) " If we were to vole again, the 
students of this campus would 
mandate ASUCSD." Inasmuch as 
fraud is an issue for the Superior 
Court hearing, and since the court 
does not need to show the voting 
results are likely to change with a 
new polling, the court may order a 
new referendum and the results 
mayor may not be different. 

10) " He has not done anything 
illegal or even unethical ... The 
Triton Times urges you to vote for 
Andy Schneider for ASUCSD." In 
light of the pending court action 
determine whether Mr. Schneider 
has acted illegally and unethically, 
it is absurb and journalistically 
unjustified to state as fact that Mr. 
Schneider is not accounta ble to the 
charges and the law. 

[n light of your history of 
misrepresenting facts and issues I 
demand that the Triton Times 
publish this letter in full. Only in 
this way will the readers of your 
newspaper see the problem of your 
news coverage accurately. Fur-
thermore, I demand a retraction 
from defendant Schneider of the 
[olio wing lie which appeared in 
said issue : "Monty and Vic from 
the start attempted to prevent the 
students from voting, I never saw 
any of these so-called 'gross 
election code violations.' If these 
things had happened, why weren't 
they reported to the Election's 
Board? This case is motivated by 
sheer political maneuver, and not 

b~l the fairness of due process." 
The failure of the Triton Times to 

be responsible is serious. The 
failure of the Triton Times to 
publish this letter of corrections 
will be a serious matter. Failure of 
Mr. Schneider to retract his lies 
will be a serious matter. 

VICTOR BLOOMBERG 
Public Affairs/Community 

Access Coordinator 
KSDT·UCSD Radio 

I Editor's note: KSDT Station 
Manager Hal Ba s U has advised 
thc Triton Time ' that Bloomberg is 
speaking on behalf of Bloomberg 
ClIlIY-1I0l 011 b 'hall of KSDT.] 

triton times FrIday, AprO ZI, 1J17 

Commentary 

Can Health Care Be Guaranteed? 
by DaD St. Claire Bacoa 

StaUWrI&er 

In the past five years hospital 
fees have tripled. Doctors fees 
have risen more than 150 percent. 
Usually medical insurance only 
covers one-fourth of tlie total 
medical bill, leaving the remaining 
three-fourths to come from other 
sources. In the case of the poor that 
other source could be Medicaid, for 
the old, there's Medicare. For 
those people not eligible for either 
program it comes from personal 
income. Medical care costs have 
been known to put some people into 
bankruptcy and many into debt for 
years. This is a most serious 
problem. We need a solution. 

The question is whether the 
solution will solve part or all ol the 
problem or merely compound it. 
Worse still, will the solutioo create 
another problem? In Wednesday's 
Triton Times (April 18) there was 
an article on proposed health care 
plans. I wroCe it. While covering 
the health care symposium, I 
confronted the speakers with some 
serious questions conerning 
National Health Insurance (NHI). 
I found many of their answers to be 
quite disconcerting. 

First of all, we know there are 
definite problems with the British 
health care delivery system. For 

Glory Seekers 
Unite On 
'Library Issue 

Last week, the Graduate Student 
Council (GSC), in a reckless 
manner lashed out at the efforts 
put forth ~ Andy' Sc~ aad 
myself in seeking amendments to 
the UC Library Plan for 
Development. When Andy claimed 
that "We are the only student voice 
against it" he was not, as the GSC 
claimed, "referring to himself in 
the plural" - he was referring to 
the students of UCSD, the oaly 
campus in the UC system who has 
taken a strong stand against the 
library plan. It is the GSC itself 
who has actually done hann to our 
cause in its narrow poSition toward 
the plan. 

In the GSC's attacks on the 
library storage plan, it has failed to 
point out its detriment to the 
University of California system-
wide; it is content with singling out 
the disasterous effects the plan 
would have on UCSD alone. This 
has served only to arouse suspicion 
among students at the other 
campuses, who shrug us off 
thinking that our reasons for not 
liking the plan stem from a UCSD 
ego which wants to be the third 
major academic campus of the 
system, along with Berkeley and 
Los Angeles.. Andy and I have 
spend much time speaking with 
student representatives from other 
campuses, trying to convince them 
that the plan 's detriment extends 
beyond UCSD to their campuses as 
well. 

Don Strebel accuses Andy of 
using tricks to claim personal 
credit for the GSC's protest letter, 
when in fact there is no ambiguity 
over the authorship of the letter. 
The first line of the letter begins 
"Dear Mr. Salmon: the UCSD 
Graduate Student Council has a 
number of serious reservations .. . " 

Mr. Strebel claims that the GSC 
has provided an independent 
student voice against the storage 
plan. If our opposition to the 
library plan is to be heard ef-
fectively, cooperation is required. 
The GSC, in attempting to take all 
the " glory" away from Schnelfer, 
seems to have heaped it upon itself. 
U's time to stop playing hero and 
start working together to bring 
about the desired changes. 

GREGORVBAKER 

one thing, their waiting lists are 
inconceivably long. During 1971 
people were waiting two and three 
years for non-emergency 
operations. Yes, health care in 
Britain is a government service -
totally government fooded. But 
what kind of health care are the 
British getting for Jre.e? The 
number of people carrying private 
medical insurance has risen 
sharply since Britain instituted 
their NHI system. One-third of the 
British doctors are among these 
people. 

When I pointed this out to Dr. 
Wiener, one ol the speakers at the 

symposium, he noted that 95 
percent of the British do use the 
Nlll system. The fact remains, 
however, that there is a rising 
number of people carrying private 
medical insurance in Britain . A 
British doctor speculated that even 
more would carry private in-
surance if they could afford it. Why 
do these people feel the need to be 
doubly protected? Is it the 
inadequacies in the system they 
find when they use It? 

A DHfereDt PIan 
The Kennedy-Corman health 

care plan introduces a somewhat 
- Continued OR Page 3 

Enter freely 
and of your own will 

Mark Stadler 

America's Favorite Sport 
How to explain my love for baseball to a person who knows very litUe 

about the sport? At first, the prospect stumped me. Then I decided to 
start with the basics. 

We went to a baseball gan'le : San Diego Padres vs . CincinaW Reds, 
April 16, 1977, the big ballpark, san Diego Stadium. Watching the game, 
several things about !laseball became obvious to me. 

First of all, baseball is a three-ring CirCWl, a mixture ol team skills and 
individual skills. A team needs superstars, the players who can make 
things happen by themselves. Without competent teammateS, though, a 
star is going to be lonesome. . 

Something is always happening 00 the field-the pitcher is facing a .300 
hitter, but also must worry about the runner on first base. Meanwhile the 
second baseman and shortstop are shading toward second base, hoping 
for a doubleplay; but the former can't be too anxious, because the batter 
might hit one at him while he's heading for second.-

Baseball is the common person's sport. It requires skill, but a peculiar 
brand. Other sports are different-football means muscular monsters, 
basketball incredible height. Hockey and soccer are foreign to most 
Americans. 

But baseball, hell, everyone played baseball when they were kids. 
Anyone can play baseball. A six foot-tall slowballer like Randy Jones can 
humble giants like Wilver Stargell or Greg Luzlnskl. A 5'8" player like 
"Little" Joe Morgan can be named most valuable player two years in a 
row. A genial moron like Mark Fidryctl and a college graduate like Doug 
Rader coexist and do well. 

But the common person's sport is in trouble. The gap between fan & 
player is starting to expand. The fans are quick to berate their favorites 
this year, and Wlderstandably so. They know many players are making 
large amounts of money-more money than ever before-and expect them 
to play better than ever. 

Wayne Garland, a pitcher with one good season, signed this year with 
Cleveland for over $100,000 annually . So far he hasn't done that well and 
more than one fan has told him he's not worth 50 cents, much less 
$100,000. I must confess to a feeling of perverse delight to note that Bill 
Campbell-a relief pitcher who also signed for big money now has zero 
wins and three losses. 

But salaries for superstars probably won't wreck baseball, except 
indirectly. You see, for every player hauling down a six figure-contract 
there are at least nine who make less than half that. And it won't be long 
before those players demand a more equitable redistribution of baseball 
income. Team salaries could double and triple at that point. 

Of course, there are people-like Baseball Players Association head 
Marvin Miller-who feel baseball owners can afford those payrolls. We'll 
probably find out sooner than later. 

The sudden hike in players' salaries, combined with traditional base-
ball customS, has led to an interesting mixture, The CBS News Report 
" Baseball Business," televised Tuesday night, showed this mixture in 
film clips of the New York Yankees practicing. Players still engage in 
pranks, with things like rubber snakes and fake dog shit, and baseball-
related games they've played since childhood, such as flip and pepper. 
But now, while four players play flip, two others are talking with their 

agents and another is worrying about tax shelters. The Wall Street 
Journal is assuredly joining Sports mustrated in the locker room. 

High finance has joined high spirit in the atmosphere surrounding 
baseball. The game will never be the same, some say. 

But it is the same. In the end, the game is the thing that brings together 
players and agents and owners and fans. Dollar figures mean very little 
in the ninth inning with two outs and the winning nm on second base. And 
on April 16, 1977 in the big ballpark, that was the situation as Dave 
Roberts came to the plate , 

Roberts was a high bonus player several years apo, signing with the 
Padres out of college. But since then he has had a rough time, spending 
several seasons in the minor league. Now he has fought his way back to 
the Padres, making a fraction of the money this year's free agents 
gained. 

He stood at the plate, looking for his first hit of the season. He got It, 
capping a four-roo Padre rally to beat Cincinatti. Running around the 
bases Roberts raised his fists in the air and leaped in fierce exultation like 
any little leaguer. The fans joined him, jwnplng to their feet and 
cheering. 

That's what baseball is all about. 

Friday, AprIl ZI, 1t77 

Commentary ... 
Continued from Page Z 

different NHI program than 
Britain's. Also, as Congressman 
Connan noted, we are a richer 
nation than Great Britain. One of 
the major differences in the 
proposed plan is the financing ol 
the health care system. Under the 
Kennedy-Corman bill, Nlll would 
be partly financed by a ~lal tax 
and partly by general Federal 
revenues. These program dif· 
ferences and our nation's wealth 
supposedly will arrest many of the 
problems that plague that British 
Nlll system. 

I have to question how many 
doctors will work under this 
proposed NHI system. Will there 
be enough to meet the people's 
needs? Just how long will we have 
to wait on a list for our non-
emergency operations? And, what 
kind of health care will we be 
getting under this system that is 
compulsory and mandatory? 
There can stilI be people like Dr. 
Edwards in Washington who runs a 
lucrative Medicaid practice 
similar to a meat market 
operation. On CBS' "50 Minutes" 
broadcast, his time spent with 
Medicaid patients was broken 
down to three to four minutes per 
patient. This is out ofthe more than 
150 Medicaid patients seen daily. 
And, there are many more "Dr. 
Edwards." Congressman Connan 
eventually admitted that his 
proposal offered no way to moniter 

able to afford it? I foresee an 
inadequate health care delivery 
system under the Kennedy-
Connan health plan. Corman 
believes this plan is flexible, 
believes there's room for change. 

When questioning Dr. Wiener 
about "room for change" he said 
it's ideal to think that way but the 
realities speD things out dif-
ferently. He said, a health care 
plan should be as near perfect as 
poSSible, from the beginning. I 
don't feel the Kennedy-Corman 
health care plan is as near perfect 
as possible. Yet, I and those who 
feel like I do, must pay for it 
because it will be mandatory. And 
as long as one of itS sponsors feels 
that "only a universal system is 
the answer, one that is mandatory 
and compulsory," it will probably 
stay that way. Corman is aU for 
this special tax. He feels that 
without it, the financing of the 
health care plan wouldn't work. He 
said, "You can't make people pay 
Insurance premiums, but people 
must pay tax." Yes, people must 

.pay a mandatory tax if it's law - a 
mandatory tax that will go Into a 
health care fund to support a 
health care system that they may 
not support. 

There is something I question 
here, something that I feel has 
gotten lost somewhere. Those 
inalienable rights guaranteed to all 

th~~~~~d~~rdS~~nnedy-connan ;CO~~;;~N" "I,':J:Y· -: ~ 
proposal partially answers the. :&.Y&J.Y.& U 
health care delivery problem in lIL()()D BANK~. 
America. But we must pay for that 
part whether we like it or not. Just : . 983 Ind'. : 
how many of us will want to be : 327 F Street : 
double protected as some of the : • 
British? Only we will be paying : PAYS DONORS : 
twice for health care, once to the: tor Servi'c e : 
insurance companies and ooce to : : 
the Federal government. An even : Mon. - Fri. : 
more frightening prospect is how : 23S-5481 : 
many of us will feel the need to be : 234-4601 : 

doub~y protected and will not be •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

in the Constitution, life, liberty and 
the pursuit of happiness . .. ··e don't 
have the liberty to or not to support 
a system under a mandatory tax. 
There are many people who do 
support the NHI system under the 
Kennedy-Corman proposal. Thatis 
their choice. There are also people 
who do not. Yet, they must pay for 
it too, because It is " mandatory 
and compulsory." 

What about their freedom of 
choice? What's happened to our 
once inalienable right? 

triton 
times 

David Eisen - hecutl .. &lito< 
Mark Stadler - M-';nv EdIlDf 
Atan Russetl· N ... Edllor 
Ran Anbal- A ....... t Merwglnv Editor 
Shauna Stokes - Production "'IWgI' . 
"lee Nedelman· Auoclil. N_ Editor 
Joel C. Don - A.eoct ........ Editor 
Scott Sadll- Aaeoct.l. New. Editor 
Tim MacK..,zie· Arta Edllor 
Ron Kato -Co-~a Editor 
Jon Halperin. Co-aporia Editor 
Bill Brooks· Photo Edllor 
Sue Nealon · Copy Editor 
Gary Ghlrardi - Advertlalng Manager 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
... 

The President's Undergraduale 
Fellowship Program Competition 
for 1977-78 is now open. This 
compelition has grown i n 
popular i ty among UCSD students 
since it's incept ian in 1967 . The 
program is designed to assist 
unusually talented undergraduate 
studenls to corry our special stud ies 
and projects under faculty 
supervision during lerm time 
andl or vocation . Such projects may 
include research andlor other 
creative activities. 

Appl ications are avai lable in 
your College Student Financial 
Services Office on Matthews 
Campus . 

The deadl ine far submission af 
all required documents will be May 
16, 19n. 

LOST & fOUNd 
, 

Lo.1 a pair 01 brown tinted lighl Iramed eye 
glasse •. Broken nose pl8C<!. LOSI 3 weeks 
ago lo.t at gym or Revelle parltlng 101 or 
somewhere . If you have lound them contact 
me. I can't see Thanks Mark 453-7500 

Kim Buckley your meal card Is In the TT 
office. 

Losl keys 4-26 Revelle Reward Call 453-0240 
ask lor Dave or Kim 

Free pancake breakfast to 

kick off tradition day 
Sunday ~ 1, lQun 

Matthews Cafeteria 

Page 3 

Lost Woman's beige wallet Friday nlte 
senltmenlal value ilnd contains Impl Info . 
Rew no ques. skec. Phone 45l-8963 ask lor 
Robyn or leave name and phone number. 

Will the person who lound my williet please 
return alleasl my catds and drivers license I 
need them Mark Hayworth . 

The true 
story of 

America's 
first legal 

brothel 

••• AmerIca's first & 
bluest legal brothel! 
Starring JOE CONFORTE 
• Tile Girls of Mustanl 
® NO ONE UNDER 18 ADMITTED 

Exclusive Engagement 
2ND WEEK 

SAN DIEGO'S LARGEST SURF AND SKATEBOARD SHOP HAS NOW EXPANDED TO 
TWO LOCATIONS TO SERVE Y()UR SPORTSWEAR, SURFING AND SKATEBOARD NEEDS. 

NEW INLAND LOCATION 
5175 Baltimore Dr. 

(Fletcher Prkwj. and Baltimore Or.) 

NEWLY REMODELED OLD LOCATION 
747 Pacific Beach Dr. 

(Pacific Beach Dr. and Mission Blvd.) 
48B-5445 

COME TO EITHER 
SURFBOARDS 

LOCATION FOR TOP NAMES IN CLOTHING AND EQUIPMENT. 

eG. S 
eSING 

BEACH AND CASUAL WEAR 
eHANG 10 
e OCEAN PACIFIC 
e QUICKSILVER 

eOAFFY-
eSANDPEBSLES 

AND MUCH MORE 

SKATEBOARD EQUIPMENT 
eG&5 
e LOGAN 
e BENNETT 
e TRACKER 

e GLILL WINGS 
e ROADRIDER 
.0 . .1. 

TOP SERVICE.AND ADVICE FROM THE PEOPLE WHO KNOW 
p.a.SURFSHOP 

IRING THIS AD IN FOR A '0% DISCOUNT ON NON-SALE MERCHANDISE 



tnton times 

PhiDips Shows Dedication 
1T Ads Co RESUlTS 

DisplAy •• 4' 2-'468 
ClAssifiEd •• DRop iN ANd. SEE us 

UCSD Tennis Player Rises the Top 
by Jon HalllltriD 

Spor1a Editor 

Dedication. To & tennis player or any 
other athlete for that matter, it means 
everything. 

N«JTHE 

Ron Phillips is dedication In the 
flesh. The handsome freshman from 
San Leandro, California, is the Cin-
derella story of the-UCSD sports scene. 

When school began in September, 
Phillips was more concerned about 

Silver Ballet Band 
~ I~A~I 

__ =._~STARZ __ 
FRIDAY, APRIL 29 

Alls •• ts ..... ."ed. ".JO 
Ticket Office. 2)6.6510, All .. a .......... om.ry Ward IIIlCI 
Tlcke ... on Onlle ... 

AI • .... re._d, ".75. Son Free .... klBllIIlCI NW .... " Dbco_. 
Tlcillet Office, u ..... 76, All 8111 Gam"'.'. Men" ... ..... 
LllMny Tlck.t "leI!C"In .... "qel", Aren. TIcII •• 
"Iendes IIIlCI "rena Ticket Of lie •• 

I'rod"" ,I II, \\ 01 I ,\ 1(1",..,\111.1 ~ It ( 0,\( t . ltT" 

Mary is a loan interviewer at your 
University and State Employees Credit Union . 
Daily she comes face to face with people 
that share the same kinds of money needs 
you have. And daily she sees those problems 
solved quickly and conveniently. Mary likes 
her job, because Mary likes to make UCSD 
folks happy. 

If you or your spouse is employed 
through UCSD, then you're eligible to take 
advantage of U.S.E. Credit Union's low cost 

loan program. 
We lend money for nearly everything, 

and at among the lowest loan rates 
anywhere. People like Mary make your U.S.E. 
Credit Union stand alone in the financial 
field . And that means you can stand a loan 
from your Credit Union! 
P.S. Ask about payroll deduction . It will help 
you set aside money from your paycheck to 
payoff the loan automatically! 

[]]~[]§ o NCUA 
University & Stat. Employees 

Credit u.i .. 
"Where you can belong for a lifetIme " 

453-5620 
CaU on your U.S.E. Credit UnIon Today 

swinging his grades than 
his racquet. He was a :MILI'-1l 
high school, but did not 
at the Intercollegiate level. 

He went out for the tennis 
was promptly put on the 
ladder; his pride was hurt, 
sure, but he didn't give up. 

Phillips sought out tennis 
Yamaguchi and' asked if 
some help with his 
agreed to work 
mornings, and thus 

seven or so months of hard work and 
dedication had paid off. Ron Phillips 
was no longer just another tennis 
player, he was the N7 player on the 
ladder, and a solid member of UCSD's 
varsity tennis squad. 

"Once you get the shots, the only 
difference between two players is in 
their mental attitude," commented 
Phillips, "I always had the shots, but 
building up that winning attitude was 
the hardest part ... 

Phillips, being the 117 player, is not 

Ron Phillips shows the corlcl".at has helped him to become a solid tennis 
players . 
emergence of Ron 
tennis player. 

The process went 
had trouble getting to 
players, but as time 
confidence grew and Ron 
surprise a few people. 

By the end of the first 
moved up ten slots to 
petition was fierce but 
falter, he continued to imllrov. 

Then something 
Phillips. His game clUlmgl!(1 
good to great. The shots 
just hit the tape began to 
court. The once flat se 
hwn off his racquet. It had 
Those countless early 
workouts, the long hours 
basic boards, the pain and 

always certain he will be in team 
matches. Although he has played in 22 
of the school's 25 matches he usually 
does not find out that he will play until 
the last minute. 

Take the recent Santa Barbara 
tournament, for example. Ron was 
called at 11:00 at night and told to be 
ready by 7 the next morning, That's 
rough on any athlete, even one who is 
as dedicated as Ron Phillips. 

The bubble has not burst for Ron 
Phillips, and it probably never will. 
The amiable underclassman should be 
a steady player for the UCSD teMis 
squad for the next three years, and 
with his dedication he is sure to get 
better; look out San Diego State, here 
comes Ron Phillips. 

Suite 120 

byRonKato 
Sports Editor 

..... ~.I.hlll'S 

The baseball squad will play in their final game of the season tl:Iis 
Saturday afternoon at Matthews field, and coach Lyle Olsen will be 
retiring after five seasons of guiding the Triton crew, 

1977 has been a year of many close defeats for UCSD and Tuesday's 
game with Southern California College was no exception. TQm Nicholson 
and Jeff Wiederholt combined for eight scoreless innings but a defensive 
breakdown in the bottom of the ninth yielding one run. This unearned run 
was the only score Southern Cal needed as they edged the Tritons 1~. 

•••••• 

Despite the absence of their top two surfers, UCSD still managed a 1211-
122 win over UC Irvine last Sunday. Alex Bogdanoff and Rich Gleaves 
won their heats for the Tritons while Tom Rice followed with a second 
place finish. 

• ••••• 

The Triton golfers, tuning for the NAIA District III playoffs a week 
from Monday, finished third in the field of five teams last Friday at 
Murietta. USIU won the match followed by Pt. Loma, UCSD, USD and 
Cal State Dominguez Hills respectively. Rod Krueger tied the leaders 
with an individual low round of 75, while Dave Wernick's 78 was second 
best for the Tritons. 

The Ttrton crew team displayed several ways to win and lose when they 
encountered Loyola University and San Diego State last weekend at 
Marina Del Ray. 

The freshmen eight, stroked by Greg Baker and supported by a cast of 
seven others along with coxswain Alexander Lamb, overwhelmed their 
opponents by building a four boat length lead over Loyola enroute to a 
6:32.2 clocking. In an opposing fashion, the lightweight crew relied on a 
strong sprint finish in the final 250 meters to lay claim to a 6 :16.6. victory. 

The junior varsity and the varsity eights were less fortunate, however, 
as the jv's caught a "crab" (referred to when the rhythm is hindered on a 
stroke) and the varsity lost on a gamble with an early sprint. 

•••••• 

The women's softball team rallied for five runs in the final two innings 
of play but still fell short, as they dropped a 6-5 decision to Southwestern 
College . With two outs, runners on second and third in the bottom lialf of 
the final inning, UCSD was not able to score on this opportunity. 

Debbie Payne's triple which knocked in two runs late in the game was 
UCSD's lone extra base hit. Michelle Frost and Erin A'Hearn each 
collected two hits for the Tritons while pitcher Nancy Nakamura again 
went the entire seven inning distance. 

LOWEST PRICE EUROPEAN FLIGHTS 
We are serving the academic 

cu mmunity with discount travel 
abroad . Let us make your air travel 

. arrangements. Flexibility as to 
deslination and deparlure saves you $ 

CALL US LAST TOLL FREE 800 / 223-1722 

144Ha JoIa Blvd 
454-3038 
Men & women -- we specialize in haircutting onIy-

SAN DI EGO SYMI'HONY DRCIIESm 111'-ElelJnU, dmic Inc! utltll, 
contemporary-alecend in iU ti", •. 

The 
Modem 

Jazz Quartet 
Sat. April 30, 8:00 P.M. 

TIckets: $9.50-$8.50-$7.5o.$U().$5.50 
-A"~lble It Center IIol Office, 202 C 

StrMland II a" SUrs, MOIItlO"'1IJ 
Wlrd. Ind .11 TicUtlOll Actnclts. for 
lurthet inlef","ion, uN 23'"'510. 

MARShAl TuckER BANd 
with special guests stars 
SeaLevel 

featuring 
J.I~ 

chuck leavell·lamar williams 
01 the 

AIIm ... Brothers Band 
TU •• a M.y 10 

San Diego Civic Center 
8 pm aU seats reserved 
7:50"6:50 available at 

tickitron" center box omce 200 "C" street 
for info 714-236-6510 

PRODUCED BY PACIFIC 
PRESENTATIONS 

CO-ED Doubles 
VolleyBall 

Tournament 
Sunday May 1st 9:00AM 

sign-ups at Rec Office by Fri. April 28 
open and novice classes 

Photographic Supplies 

Discount 
Prices 

E!pert Service 

Darkroom 
Supplies 

Quality EqUipment 

Bob Davis (' anH.~ra Shop 
-; 1- ~ .,\ • 1 ,1 r""a h'l; :ii 

WAMTTO 
S~OP :~n~~~sl' :1~h~~::~7·effects . I ' Professional staff . 
SMOKING! 

Call 454-9565 ANYTIME 
THE Smokers' Program, La Jolla, Calif, 

CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD PRESENTS 

KING KONG 
The original, uncut version! 
FRIDAY April 29 ,1977 
FREE USB 2722 
7:00 PM . 

ALL f\ECORDS & TAPES $lo9S! 

OCEAN BEACH 
. -IC)(H \.Oil.lIl1.' 

al" VIST4 ~~~ S4I DIE" 
.~7 vd 422-9IJI 7'h I, h t. 2J?-"I"1.,,<, 

ARCAUYL 
JfIIU51C C 



. 

~. 

.... e. 
I -
I FREE ADMISSION 

to pIny_I INGO ilt 7727 Girilrcl Ave. MlIrv Stnr ('If thC' SPi\ 
nrd~ :~. per gilnw. All games ray 70% ('('IIIC'ctC'n PhI ' 1 

2S !.liln (' 
Every TU (>Sc!ilY 7 pm 

bonnie mitt 
plus speci~ ~ta 
san diego civic theatre 

thurs. may 28 
Spm ' 

au seats reserved 
.a6O, '7.60 

Tickets available at all Ticketran outlets, and 
Center box office, 202 C 51. 

For information call 236-6510 
Produced by Pacific Presentations 

YOUR 
CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD 

~ I 
~WO ~ 

The C AMPUS PROGRAM BOARD - the Board that brought you Kenny 
Loggins, Don McL ean, lily Tomlin, and the Friday Films, is now 
planning its activit ies for the '77 - '78 season . 
POSitions on the Board's sub·committees: Films, Pop Events, Dance 
Drama. Lect ures. and Music (Fine Arts) are open and available to 
students who would like to help in the decision making process. 
If YOU are (his person , please fill out the form below and drop by. or mail 
it to. the Arts & Lectures Office, Student Center, Building 'B'. or call 
X4090. Remember - only YOU can help us plan!! 
DEADLINE for APPLICA nON is MA Y 2 . 

~--------------------

AREA of INTEREST ________ _ 

RELATED EXPERIENCE ______ _ 

Discount Auto Sound 
Docs it Better. 

Deluxe Super Min i Casse t te Player 
6 w atts o f power · it ' s 5tTIall , buill like 
a rock ·n01hlng can match it In h s prICe 
class! reg. S54 .95 

ON SALE $34.95 

71 
("'Iu II" A Jdkwo 1( 8· t' M' ~ Stereo PI aver . 
6 walts "I ~d clean POwt:r . All shoe 
,-o ntrols, ~anual . AUlo Channel Sc'''"ct . 
dequtnr r "cr $54 .95 

IN SAl E $34.95 
1 ' r 

Delu, !:! In -dash IH)Itd state 
C8f CtW~ 1 te tape play, r Com", 
wl l h A"" f M.MP X stereo ,adtO 
baianci . tbn. ,-o n t rol, 'itst forward. 
and "e: 1. Fln ' Hllc savlngs l 
Mfg. IIH was 1'29.9 5 

ONSALE $79.95 

Car Alarm 
V,b ... ·AI...-m gives '(OU the u lt imate 
In vehtCle prOtK tion, inside as well 
as outs ide. ProlKU luggage rae" . 
t,a ,le " bike rack. T he besl one yett 
Come and check It out! 
Ins tallstlon'Vitlable . 

$34.95 

Sanvo OeluJICe 413 AM FM Stereo 
l....Isselle plaver Wi th tau fOfw,nd , ntJllua! 
..rod auto flJetl d' end of taPt! . local 
clll Ianee swuch dnd IIlUf"tL 

ON SALE $89.95 

The MEC 605 AM ·FM 8~T'lCk Steleo 
Plav. , has 6 btg wanl per channel anu 
features an Ix t lemely tens. ltV!! FM 
tuner and yood a·Track sound fOl 
top ptr formance. 1 veAr pariS and 

1._ w·'~~';~LE $74.95 
D 

1841 Garnet, Pacllk Beach 
OPPOSITE FINE ARTS THEATRE 

INSTALLATION III REPAIRS - 272·9350 

triton time8 Friday, April 21, 1m 

TT Classifieds -
housiNG 

Vis,ting professor will need 3 bdrm furnished 
house or apt. lor 6 mo., maybe longer. 
Starting July 1977. Please call Kathy Clark, 
453-7500 x3481 (519) 
One F roommate needed lor 4 Bdrm. W 
house poot & vl_ ayall Thru 1 Sept. $150 
459-0716 (514) 

Female rmmate: Share fum 2 bdrm near 
UCSD wl2 nor>-smoklng girls lor summer. 
t07lmo. lauralOJ 453-7747 (516) 

Condo with sundeck, fireplace, pool, 3 
bedrooms, on Genesee near UCSD. Rent: 
3951 month. Call Peter 452-'918 

Condo near campus 2 bedroom nearby pool 
rent tlOlmonth & utilities. Call Ernie 452-
2124 Between 11 am-8 pm 

Typing IBM !8lec1rlc . Theses, term papers, 
etc. 452-1588 evenings. (6/6) 
Sandals, handcralted shoes moccasins made 
to your feet ~8t -9677 James Clark shoemaker 
'342 Camino Del Mar (5121) 

Don't miss out on the fun lood excitemenT at 
4th college tradition day Sunday May 1 E. 
Matthews lIeld (4129) 
The girl s of Deanza know their kisses are the 
sweetest and will prove It on May t at 
Tradition Day (4129) 

Deanzas kisses maybe sweet-porto lias 
strength maybe m ighty-but nothing can 
compare to the massages that Gabri llo will 
give on Sunday at tradition day . (4129) 
MUIR STUDENTS - John Muir College Week 
is comi ng - May 7-may 14 (5 /S) 

Pam Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday 
10 you Happy Birthday Dear Pam Happy 
Birthday to you Love Tami and AP 

W~nted : Non-goy Kiny cat lor close 
retationshlp with an asexual Jew-boy. Must 
have capacity for hockey stick. Call Mile L. 
453-5823 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

come and hear 
Rev. Terry Cole-

Whittaker 
on 

"Your Intuitive 
Nature" 

This Sunday 1 0:45am; 
715'51 .... 

LeJo. 

BABIES _ 
We need babies tor S1\Jdles ot their har>-
dedness and brain wave devatopment. We 
can pay $5 tor their services . Call Doug 
Ramsay, lICSD 452-4266 (5 (3) 

What I, a Gableat? Ask your cops I (5121 
Sam, Jose & Steve - You did a GREAT Job on 
tay-sachsl Happy B-day Steve ! Love, Diane, 
Kathy and Cynthia. 

Wanted : Girt/young woman to attend Harry 
Chapin concert Wed . May 4. Call Michael 
eves 272-0987 

Refin~, educated, spirited women seek 
same to enjoy mutual Interests and 11I.lOng 
Iriendships In AOPI . Be ready to be swept off 
your leet on Monday 512. Circle your 
calendar now and be ready .r 6:30. (4129) 

S3 .00lhour lor one or two hour soclal-
cognitive psychology experiments. Sign up 
5th floor P&L. 

4th Commuten don't lorget, free pancake 
breaklast to start tradition day, Sunday May 
" 10 am to 12 noon Matthews caleterla, be 
there II 

Muir students - Tickets for May 5 Padre. 
game on sale In Muir dean's office tran-
sportation provided (512) 

Muir Folks - Photo contest deadline extended 
til l May 4 - further info at Muir dean or Res. 
Hall office (512) 

FOURTH STUDENTS • You are cord ially 
invited to submit works of art to your beloved 
Literary Journal , "Fourthwri te" . In other 
words, damnit all you closet writers oul 
there, send in those originals you've got 
tucked away somewhere and are afraid to 
bri ng out. We wi ll consider anything of 
reasonable length (no more than 3 or 4 
pages) and tormat (plea .... -no more satires 
on the Quality of food at your local cafeleria) . 
Don't hesitate, drop by 508 M.G. or call Julie 
at x3068. (512) 
Portolla dominated last years Tradition Day 
olympics and will prove their superiority 
again on Sun. (4/29) 

Doc .. Student from Germ. needs F students 
w I some knowledge in Germ. to exchange 
Germ & Eng . Call 261 -2538 Alter 6 (4129) 

Muir students - watch for the Trivia 
Questionnaire arriving in your mailboxl (516) 

TRAvEl 
Europe Israel Africa. Student charter flights 
year round. ISCA 1609 Westwood Blvd. fI1 03 
L.A. Calil. 90024. (213) 826-5669, 826-0955 
(6112) 
Low cost trips to ports and ylllages In the 
South Pacific . Free catalog : Goodman's 
(4129) Good Travet Tours, Dept. SO 5332 
College Ave. , Oakland, CA 94618 (412V) 
Book now - book on campusl 
Europe. HawaII & Australia 
Charter IIlghts 
CIEE student Travet services 
Open weekdays 1-5 pm 452-0630 

Europa, Isnael, Qrlent , Australia, NY & ChI. 
Complete student travel center. AIST, 291 S. 
La Clenaga BI . 1101 Beverly Hills. 2131657-
2727 (6112) 

U.C. San DiqoCampus 
Program Board Presents 

in Concert 

............. ~ ..... 

Kenny 
Loqqins 

!One night only! 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

May7. a:oopm 
U.C,S,D.Gym 
ucso Students 54_SO, G.A. $6.00 
UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

Led Zep tickets, 25th row center sec. LA 
forum late June 452-9343 (514) 

1972 Flat 124 sport coupa 5 spd AM-FM, 10-
ml Michelina, one owner beautiful cond 
S2500loIfer436-5406 (4129) 

Beach cottage Rosarito Bctt. Mex. S2000 Irpl. 
, '12 bdrms, kitch, turn, tand tease $30. mn. 
Sacrilice. 2'3 396-5230 (514) 

Nishiki cuslom sport frame damaged In 
accldenl . Parts salvagable, call Laurlne 453-
6822 in A.M. (512) 
Scuba gear aluminum tank, regulator and 
gauges. Excellent condition good price 583-

~27Jon 

Surfboard T4" brand new, used onc.round 
diamond tail gun In abBoIut. cherry condition 
- 48' -9207 Bruce (5121 

Koss ESP-9 
Electrostatic 
Headphones Ex. cond 

S75755~ (519) 
AL STEWART TICKETS 2nd row center, also 
4th row, SUPERTRAMP, and LED ZEPPELIN 
call Gary 453~253 (~I 2) 

Power - pro Blow dryer by Gen . Electric 1000 
watts, 6 speeds good condition. Call Debbie 
453·2763 

Olympus 35SP rangellnder w l l .7 lens auto & 
manuet exposure: also Vivltar 273 Thyristor 
lIash 452-8493 

Free "Staner Kit" wilh purchase 01 used Mo-
Ped (Motorized bicycle) - excellent condition 
- $275 to $350 while they last at the Merchant 
of Mo-Peds 2226 Avenlda de la Playa La Jolla 
Shores 454-9882 Tues. thru Sunday (51.) 

Ikellte underwater housln6 for Canon 814E 
never used $100. 481 -9103; 452-1732 
evenings (514) 

Surfboard yetlow Stinger S'10" good con-
dition $60 48, -91C13; 452-1732 evenings (514) 

Component stereo lor sale Including tapa 
deck tor $11 ° Call Cart 755-6512 

Dynaco 410 power amp. 200 wlch. lYR 
perfect condo with midterms coming up Irate 
your neighbors S280 755~93 (516) 

Green naugehyde rocking chair and stool $35 
481 ·9103; 452-'732 evenings. (514) 

WANTEd 
Anyone wishing to train for UCSD holllne -
please call 452-21S7 or leave name and phone 
no at page one (4 129) 
Someone to pull weeds once Of twice a _k. 
S2.5OIhr. at Solana Mar Apts., 309 Solana 
Hills, Solana Bch. 755-4882 (6112) 
NetrI extra caSh? Paying top dotlar lor U.S. 
Silver coin. belore 1965. Also buying old 
coins. Call Ken 755-7371 (6 /12) 
Course material (test 5) lor Psych. 1143 
emotion In return lor Psych 1186, 145, 130. 
Call 753-0490 

Tutor needed for APIS 61 . 'WIII Pay Call 
right away 453-3' 23 leave message ill'm not 
home (512) 

• SERVICE 

TYPING IBM SELECTRIC term papars, 
lheses. Ph.D. dissertations, editlngs, RUSH 
JOBS - 453-0656. 56Q.817' , 452-t588, 28& 
4936. IS(2) , . 
Typing - Marilyn would like to fultlll your 
typing needs. Expart . reasonable, has an 
IBM . Call270~726 (6112) 
rYPING-IBM SELECTRIC term papars, 
lheses, Ph.D. d issertations, edlt ings, (RuSh 
iobs) - 453-0656, 560-8171 , 

MODELING JOBS 
How 10 I t. rt without modatlng Ichoo!. Send 
." .... hot . nd $4. Tan-day monay-bock guar-
In t • • . Fllr .nough ? TY'IC.ITINO, 80. 
~-2L tnp'. 11-31, Wa,,"_. "I/no/l 8IlOI3 

charier' 
OVer 7778.1_11,.,. ,l1li2. San DIego', 
most e..,.,1fK*j Ct\a1., Co. 
EUROPE from '327 

. ..... ·n 
2.3.' .5.1 10 2. _. cIutlloon to 9 . 11iII . 
No cIubo 10 "". no len Ind SAVE 10 eo% 
HAWAII from'17Q 

__ ynrto. CIMcapo. Orionl 

.---. ........ ,...-

FrIdIIy, AprD 21, 1m (rilunlh.Ie'S Page? 

Score: 

TRUE FALSE 
TF 1. 

TF 2. 

TF 3. 

TF 4. 

The NEW Carnegie A-440 
Menu offers a fish Filet 
Sandwich. 

Frank TIliess is a UCSD 
Professor of Biology. 

The NEW Qlrnegie A-440 
Me~u offers Kellogg's 
Corn Flakes for ago. 

Bert Koooyashi of UCSD 
once played Left End for 
the Los Angeles Crimsons. 

Kitchen open until MIDNIGHT and until 1 :OOa.m. Friday and Saturday 

BRING THIS EXAM TO CARNEGIE A-440 FOR 
SCORING BY ANY WAITRESS. 
100%: 

75%: 
50%: 

1/ 3rd. off any Pizza 
1( 4th. off any Pizza 
$1.00 off any Purchase 

25%: 5()0 off any Pizza 
0: You Pay Full Price 

OPPORTUNITY EXPIRES MAY 4. 1977 

CAB.NEGIE A-440 P,UA HALL 2212 Carmel Valley Road, Del Mar 755-6778 



..... 

,.. 
leave your dog there, you'D have to 
dopit for a c ' rtain amount G 
time," she sal . 'I hope we can get 
pins in the growtd where we could 
just tie the dog's leash to." 

Better Arrangeme8ta In Future 
Emphasizing that perhaps "other 
and better" arrangements could be 
worked out, Byczkowski said. 
" We've got to first get together. 
Perhaps next year we could move 

to a more central location. " 
ByClkowski called the new IaWl 

"cruel and unusual," and said the 
"SPCA should be called in. 
NaturaDy, I'm biased," she said, 
"but I think a dog care establish-
ment is about as justified as a Child 
Care center. " 

Citing the May 2 "enforcement 
date," Byczkowski said people 
should caD her evenings at 455-0716 
"to get things going. 

"It's important," she said. "How 
is a person supposed to go to the 
bathroom if they've got a dog?" 

Pofornounl PIcture>' Orf'Wnt1 

George C. Scott 
A Franklin J. Schaffner Film 

• ........ i ....... 
ANNOUNCEMENT 

Hey all you brillianl writers oul 
Ihere, here's your chonce. The 
Spri ng issue of "Fourlhwrile", Ihe 
41h College literary Journal, is now 
being conceived. YOUR CREATIVE 
SUBMISSIONS ARE DESIRED. Writing 
material (mosl any form con-
sidered) from 4th sludents can be 
sent by moil to J. Dunn at Q -0222, 
or dropped off at 508 M .e. Also, 
anyone interested in working on 
"Fourthwrite", please attend the 
meeting nexl Wednesday at 4 :00 in 
Ihe Writing Program office 

"Islands in the Stream" 
AhoIfOntn9 A Dott/Polevsky Production 
David Hemmings Gilbert Roland and Claire Bloom 

introducing UCSD student Hart Orochner 
IIaMd Upon h _ ov Ernest HemIngway SctMnPiOY ov o.nn. 80ft '-tltdefc 
~ovPet., Dott and Max Po"vsky o-...,ov Franklin J. Schaffl_1 R I 

~ """" Jetty GoldsmIth s-c.. ov ConnouI7« "-va""" I'ar()y""",' In Colot i I . ~ 
IWod ,,.,. Oanrom ~ A Potomount """.". • '~= . 

Exclusive Engagement! 6:00, 8:30 & 10:30 
TWI-LiTE SHOW TICKETS S::JO.e :OO /$1 . 75 

291 -4404· FASHION VALLEY CENTER WEST OF PENNEY'S 

, 

FrIday, ApriIB, 1m 

Freedom is American 
Dream·-Ramsey Clark 

by Dorothy Ho_toa 
Staff Writer 

"My beat, I believe, is freedom," began Ramsey Clark, fonner at-
torney general (1967~) for the United States. Clark, the first of two 
speakers on "The American Dream: Dream or Reality," part of the 
Mandeville Lecture Series, centered his Tuesday evening talk on 
freedom by relating freedom to a wide range of social, political and 
environmental problems. 

Although Clark's talk was often bitter, he remained optimistic, 
saying, "We can solve many of our problems by measuring the things 
we do by the standard of freedom and by committing ourselves to 
principles. " 

"We need a new definition of freedom-we're at the most expanded 
concept of freedom now in our history," he continued. "I'm not sure 
we can't handle our problems, I think we can make it." 

Describing fear as a "restraint on the march to freedom," Clark 
said "The ultimate tyrant (fear) totally paraly~es you, it enlarges 
your capacity for violence, and violence is an enemy of freedom." 
"Can we justify violence on behalf of freedom?" he asked. "We have 
to be free offear." 

Clark expressed strong feelings against the death penalty and life 
imprisonment, saying "to deny life is to deny freedom, thou shalt not 
kill." He noted that he admire countries that have dropped the death 
penalty. _ 

On hwnan rights Clark stated that such rights are "an essential 
human need." He hopes that President Carter will "stick it out" on the 
human rights issue. 

Clark mentioned our "freedom to protest." As an example he cited 
how Americans are able to protest the building of nuclear power 
plants near their homes. Clark aUuded to the fight for "Proposition 
15," the California nuclear safeguards initiative on baDot last spring, 
saying that he admired the struggle and "wished that it had won." 
Clark also stressed that "in Russia they can build a nuclear plant 
under your house" and added that we are the "luckiest people who 
ever lived." 

Suggesting that we "use the things we learn here at U~D" to help 
youngsters 13 to 17 who are committing half of our crimes in America, 
Clark asked "Dare we work with them as hwnan beings, are we 
afraid?" Clark also '"Questioned the usefulness of universities. "What 
does the university teach us?" he asked. "Do we know that kids can't 
read?" 

Mission Transmission 
& Brakes 

spec lallZlng In : ~ Of( 'Ign 
Domestic, Automatic and 
Standard - Also complete 

Brake Servjce 
SPECIAL STUDENT 

PRICES WITH AD AND 
1.0. FROM UCSD 

6131 Mission Gorge Rd . 
2 Blocks North of 8 

283-6116 

~ . 
BN.h Your Troubl •• Away 

VILLAGE 
BEAUTY 

SUPPLY 
Carries a full supply cf brushes made of : 
Nylon 
Boar 
Plastic 
W ire 
Ranging in price from 
50 cents to $5.19 

Come in and see our full line . 

VILLAGE BEAUTY 
SUPPLY 

737 PEARL 

UClAeXtension in cooperation with the UCLA School of law Don't be mistaken . The address of our Plaza Is on Pearl but our entrance Is off our free partcing lot on Eads, just south of Pearl in the new building with Lord 
Bryon's Cookies, Dick's Liquor and The 

presents 

Attorney Assistant Training 
Certificate Programs in 
-Litigation 
-Corporations/Litigatiori 

' Accredited by the American Bar Association 
-: 

• Specialist certificate programs begin Fall, 1977 at UCLA 

• CcmIJ1f:ht:,1Sivc 5 man h dav and part-time evening programs 

• Fe r highly qualified applicants seeking a career in the 
pa~ legal field 

• Rf:ceive graduate level instruction from practicing 
at:orneys and attorney assistants 

• Housing and employment assistance available 
• In litigation : learn marketable skills in trial procedures 

relevant to criminal and civil law 

• In Corporations/ litigation: 
Learn marketable skills in corporate and pension and 
profit-sharing procedures; also trial procedures 

. --------------------I ~pplic~tions available : 
I Immediately . For full details I 
I write or call: I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Attorney Assistant Training • 
Programs, UCLA Extension, I 
Suite 214, P.O, Box 24902 , • 

•
• 11 Los Angeles, CA 90024 I 

(2 13)825-0741 . I 
I 
UClA~~nsioo confinuing education 

Come .. • 
Train at 4''-'" 0" ,~~ * '\ "" ~ ,l 0 , 

~ UCLA ~ ~ ~ .' < '868 
Please rush application 10 

Name 

Address 

Cily 

Slale ZIP 

--------------------

Soup Exchange . 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

) 

PRE~ARE FOR : 

II".... Over 35 yean till I of experience 
01 

... Ind __ _ 

II SmelICI_ 
LSAl Voluminou. home SRE Itudy m~eri'" 

Cour .. thtt ", ATBSI coMtently updttad 
OCAl 
CPAl 

Tape faciliti .. for 
revlftv. of cl_ 
'-n. end for u. 
of supplementary 
meteriel. 

FLEX Make-ups for ECFMG miJlld I_n. 
MATlMEDBDS 

SAT-VAT 
SAN DIEGO CENTER 

2180 Garnet, Pacific 8_h 921M i£:--
EOUCATlONAL"*t .. 

CElllTER ~ 
Branchel in malor US citiw 

and Switzerlend 


