
Former Senator E.ugene McCarthy looks on while Gou , Brown explains a 
pamphlet during the City Club luncheon in San Diego last Friday , 

Democrat Dick Clark Speaks Here 

... 

... 

In San Diego Visit last Week 

Brown Links Mobility, Freedom Loss 
by Mark Stadler 
Managing Editor 

Gov, Brown gave his San Diego 
audience a classroom lesson 
Friday, in which he linked in-
creased ease in physical mobility 
with loss of individual freedom. 

Speaking at a City Club lucheon 
at the Royal Inn at the Wharf, 
Brown spoke on topics ranging 
from school financing and property 
tax reform to governmental power 
and individual responsibility. 

The governor opened his talk 
before 450 listeners with a list of his 
accomplishments and expectations 
for the coming year. He con-
centrated on his plan to bring 
school financing into compliance 
with the state Supreme Court's 
ruling that educational spending be 
equal throughout California. 

Brown said he has readied a 
plan-to be introduced in the state 
Assembly this week--which 
provides for "substantially equal" 
spending in all school districts. 

The $1.2 billion, five-year plan 
also provides increased spending 
for disabled and bilingual student 
programs and for neighborhood 
councils to plan local educational 
strategies and profidency levels at 
each school, Brown said. 

Brown then launched into a 
rambling, philosophical talk on the 
"larger context" behind current 
developments. 

Referring to the increased 
physical mobility Americans enjoy 
today, Brown said, "As people can 
do what they want-which is the 
democratic principle--their 
obligation to others in society 
decreases. " 

When people leave their 
traditional responsibilities-such 
as to their aged parents-
government is pressured to 
assume those responsibilities, he 
asserted. 

"We're cashing out the family, 
the neighborhood, the church, and 
that ultimately costs money," the 
governor said. "So you shouldn't 
be surprised when your taxes go 

up-that's the cost of this trend .. . 
" We may not be able to change 

the trend, but maybe we can turn it 
a little, temper it humanize it." 

"Less Independence" 
Brown also warned about the 

possible results of this trend. " As 
th state takes on more respon-
sibility, it assumes more power, 
and basic human choices are 
turned over to a central 
bureaucracy, We become less 
independent. .. 

"The challenge of the next 
decade is to decentralize the power 
and revitalize the traditional and 
informal processes of the private 
sector. " 

Brown also took the opportunity 
to defend his choice of state 
agriculture secretary Rose 
Elizabeth Bird as chief justice of 
the California Supreme Court. 

Citing her experience as an 
attorney and goverrunent official, 
Brown said Bird has "the clearest 
mind I've ever seen in govern-
ment." 

In answer to the charge Bird 
should not assume the chief justice 
post because she has no prior 
judicial experience, Brown listed 
several present and former 

Continued on Page 3 

No Drought Danger in 
SO, City Official Says 

Senator Sees U·S Assist in South Africa Colorado River Strong, But Water 
Conservation Measures are Advised by Dorotby HOUlton 

StaffWrHer 
" We>d like to assist 

di:plomatically and economically 
in seeing a peaceful transfer of 
power from white minorities to 
black majorities in Souto Africa," 
said Sen. Dick Clark (D-Iowa) 
head of the senate subcommittee 
on Africa. Clark spoke to students, 
professors and military personnel 
at UCSD last Friday about past US 
relations with Africa and current 
policy toward South Africa. 

After joking about the "weather 
shock" he was experiencing, Clark 
started by saying that the de-
colonization in Africa has "not 
been a long process, and that 
" most all of the countries have 
gained independence in the list 
twenty years." He then stated that 
the US has gone through three 
periods of differing relations with 

Africa from l!l57 to the present. 
"From 1957 to 1970 we didn't take 

an enormous interest in Africa," 
said Clark. "In 1965 our interests 
waned with our involvement in the 
Vietnam war." Clark continued to 
say that during this period African 
leaders looked upon the US with 
admiration. 

Relationship Began To Pale 
"This relationship began to pale 

in 1970," said Clark. The senator 
stated that at the time of the early 
Nixon administration and when 
Kissinger was Foreign Affairs 
Advisor for the National Security 
Council, the US feeling was that 
"Whites would be in Africa for 
sure. " 

Clark explained that "policy 
became closer with the white 
regimes in South Africa, Rhodesia 
and with the POJ'tuguese in 
Mozambique." Clark stated that 

A & E Recommendations on 
Schneider go to Coop Tonight 

By Paul Watry 
Staff Writer 
~e Appointments and Evaluations (A&E) conunittee of the Coop had a 

gne.vance hearing last Thursday to detennine whether various charges 
agamst Andy Schneider, External Affairs Coordinator, could be sub-
stantiated or not. 

The charges made against Sclmeider included " non-attendance" of 
~x~e~l Affairs meetings, "conflicts of interest", the discouragement of 
lOdlvlduals coming into the Coop, the incorrect nomination of a student 
regent, and suppression of the Comprehensive Referendum Petition. 

The hearing was primarily scheduled to establish the facts presented to 
t~e Coop's General Assembly. A ruling corresponding to this information 
Will be made by the Coop tonight. A recommendation by A & E will also be 
presented. 

The most serious of these charges, conflict of interest, was leveled by 
Mon~y Reed and Pat Davis. In a letter to A & E, they accused Schneider of 
co~tmu~y "~~iling to identify himseH as a coordinator of the Coop," 
usmg hIS posltlon to run for the AS presidency and voting to reject the 
Comprehensive Referendum Petition. 

Scboelder Couaten Charges 
Schneider countered tbese charges by stating that they were instituted 
~or political redOlII. "I think what we are doing here today is a political 
ISsue. Things like the Comprehensive Referendum Petition are already 
on the ballot. Why bring it up unless it Is a poUticallssue?" 

SUPPOrting Schneider in defense were the Third, Fourth and Muir 
college councils, 88 weD as several key memben of the Coop. In a letter 
to A & E Muir college council termed the charge "ridiculous." It stated 
that "whether Mr. Schneider believed one way or the other on the issues 
we regard as irrelevant. The Council posseaea the power to bind Its 
representatives, and did 10; regardless of Mr. Schneider's personal 
beliefs, he had no choice." 
, I~ ~ reaponeetoanother majorchargetbat Schneider was discouraging 
IOd~vldua1s frem attending and participating in the Coop, Schneider 
clauned that he had always called for coop participation. 

Alway "CaDed for PartIe ..... " 
Even when I "va been critical 01 the CooP. I have always ended my 

Hd hie I 

the alignment with the Portuguese 
was justified because of the 
struggle with the Soviet Union. 

The senator said that it has now 
been realized that the closeness 
with the white minorities and the 
loosening of relations with the 
black groups was " bad." Accor-
ding to Clark this position resulted 
in an enormous loss of respect for 
the US by the Africans that to this 
day hasn't been lived down, 

Clark said "Our covert in-
volvement with Angola was the 
kiss of death. " 

Noting that "after Angola we 
needed some basic changes in our 
at.titudes and acknowledgecl that 
'the white regimes were not there to 
stay, and that it was our chance for 
a new start." 

Before discussing current US 
diplomacy toward South Africa 
and its existing problems, Clark 
explained what he meant by 
" majority rule," a term he often 
used. He explained that " It is a 
system where people have 
economic, social and political 
rights regardless oftheir race, ' and 
used this example in relation to 
South Africa, what he termed the 
most racist of the African coun-
tries. "South Africa is totally 
segregated," he said. "The people 
have no political rights and in-
creasingly unbelievably op-
pressive laws are being passed." 

"What should our policy be?" 
Clark a bit rhetorically to the 
audience. "Our position toward 
South Africa is yes this is your 
country and you decide what the 
25-26 million of you are going to do, 
but so far as we loan, trade and 
engage in diplomatic exchange, 
that's our business, 'and if you are 
not prepared to negotiate on 
peaceful terms, our policy will be 
cooler." 
Can't Give "MIllions and Mlllions" 

Clark said he "felt confident" 
that South Africa will respond 
favorably to this position. "South 
Africa has a fear of isolation. They 
can't afford to be isolated, and if 
I'm wrong, I still feel its the right 
policy." The senator also added 
that we "can't give millions and 
millions of aid to a society con-
structed like that." 

When questioned about the 
positions of US companies with 
investments in South Africa, Clark 
stated that he expects the c0m-
panies to "work In coordination 

Coatiaued oa P 3 

by Wesley Wada 
Staff Writer 

Rain dances? Mystical charmes and chants to lure rain clouds? San 
Diego doesn't need them. 

While northern California continues to experience the effects of our 
state's two-year long drought, San Diego is in no immediate danger of 
coping with a similar crisis. 

San Diego depends on the Colorado River for its fresh water. The river, 
at present, has an ample supply of water available for the areas it serves. 

, Roger Graff, Senior Design Engineer for the Water Utilities Service of 
the City of San Diego explained that "The Colorado River is in good shape 
because it has a lot of storage space, such as Lake Mead. The drought will 
have to extend a year or two more before any effect will be felt (in San 
Diego )" 

Because San Diego depends solely on the Colorado River for its water, 
the decision last Wednesday made by the Metropolitan Water District of 
Southern California (MWD) to temporarily redirect its California water 
allotment for use in Northern California does not affect the city. The 
MWD supplies Los Angeles and Orange counties with water from the 
Colorado River with a small amount of California water mixed in. 

Conservation Endorsed 
Water conservation is still endorsed by the Water Utilities Service. 

Graff recommends an "efficient use of water" by the public. 
Here are some methods he suggested to economize on water use : 
1) Fill dishwasher and clothes washer completely. 
2) Do not run water while brushing your teeth or while shaving 
3) Take short showers 
4) Save the water that is running while you are waiting for the water to 

warm. 
5) Reduce the number of toilet flushes 
According to Bob Miner, Public Relations Consultant of the San Diego 

. Courity Water Authority, 60 percent of wasted water usage occurs outside 
of the home. Miner recommends that the public not use water as a broom 
to clean sidewalks or driveways, avoid overwatering gardens and to cut 
down on car washing as means of conserving water. 

Mandatory water regulation does not appear likely to occur. Enfor-
cement of the regulation seems to be the main problem. 

According to Graff " There is practically no way of regulating water 
except to turn it off. If the water were turned off it would create a health 
hazard. It is up to the consumer's end ofthe pipeline to regulate water." 

Contestants Rlcbord Si k. lle/tl Wendy Conrad and Dauld Ro n perform 
"From thl! Beginning" ot thl! Talent how last Saturday night , 



, 

..... triton tbne8 

Commentary 
Responsibility and R~siliency 

With all the words spoken about the role of students buck cannot be thrown around without being seen by 
and of student government, one important issue has the community. 
been disregarded: responsibility. In other words, by delegating responsibilities to 

A synonym of the word government is respon- each student in the government, any failure is 
sibility-responsibility to take charge and lead in the dire~y traceable to its source. This encourages 
interest of constituents and responsibility to accept student government members to work for their 
leadership with an analytical and critical mind. So constituents: the achievements, or failures of each 
far UCSD is a failure on both accounts. individual stand before the person who created them. 

The role . of a democratic government, including In addition, corruption is discouraged from taking 
student government at UCSD, is to ascertain that the place ' by the high visibility of student government 
needs of the community are fulfilled in accordance functions. It would be absurd to claim the abolition of 
with the wishes and understanding of its members. corruption from poUtics, however, it is very sensible 

The present governance on this campus has failed to create institutions that are not conducive to im-
resoundIngly to comply with this vital requisite and propriety. By making sure that officials cannot hide 
consequently, lost any hope of becoming the behind a vague structure, Uke the Coop, the principal 
legitimized and acceptedgoverningbody. We all need "mask" of corruption is removed. 
a change. What ASUCSD means is a stable student govern-

The familiar "passing the buck" and the absence of ment that induces student-oriented results. In looking 
responsibility is perpetuated by placing respon- at the AS government that preceded the present 
sibility for actions on the mystical and formless governance, it is possible to see that the swimming 
entity called the Coop. pool on this campus, was funded by ASUCSD. 

What are the alternatives available to students Perhaps a more complete recreation center may be 
interested in seeing a responsible government added to it. 
manage the approximately 130,000 dollars gathered The second proposal on the referendum-Cabinet 
from student fees? Assembly- is philosophically different than ASUCSD. 

Two choices are in sight: the Cabinet Assembly By not allowing for a clear cut division of tasks and 
suggestion, and the Associated Students of UCSD responsibilities, the efficacy of this type of govern-
(ASUCSD) model. Which Qne of these two models can ment is diminished. It is crucial that there be 
bring a change to this campus is the real issue that someone to answer when problems develop! 
students should think of when making the voting Moreover, the Cabinet Assembly idea sticks with 
decision. the idea of a Coop-Uke body called the SCA. How will 

ASUCSD's philosophy is based on clearly dividing • such a body conquer the same problems that the Coop 
the work of the government, and placing formal is unable to answer today? Again, the difficulty with 
responsibilities on elected students. This makes having a "collective" government is that there is no 
ASUCSD transparent and visibile to all students. The Continued on Page 3 

UC SpRiNG Ski FEST March 26-April 2 
There ;s New Snow 36" 
Ski Trip guaranteed to Best Sno in the 

Rockies by the UCSD Sno~ Ski Club 
$16715 by bus or S249f5 by air 

nekets on sale now at box oHiel--Deadline March 7 
A UCSD Snow Ski Club event 

$ 9uUYctlleg 

~llv~BQARD 
David Elsen· Executl .. editor 
Gary Ghirardi • Ad .. rtlolng Manager 
Alan Russell· N_s editor 
Alec Nedelman· A.socllt. N_s edllor 
Shauna Stokes· Production Maneger 
Sue Nealon. Copy editor 
Ran Anbar. Opinion editor 
Scoll Sad Ii· Sportl edllor 
Tim MacKenzie· Arts editor 
Bill Brooks· Photo editor 
Joel C. Don· Aeooclil. N_. editor 

Mission Transmission 
& Brakes 

P g _ I .or( I/.:n 
Domestic, Automatic and 
Standard· Also complet 

Br ake Service 
SPECIAL STUDENT 

PRICES WITH AD AND 
I.D. FROM UCSD 

6131 Mi ss ion Gorge Ro . 
2 Blo ks North of 8 

283-6116 

......J. Fe......., II, 11'17 
Argo Pays i eVan 
Dear Resident 01 Arlo Hall: 

I am writing to you in hopes 01 solving a serious problem. For the past 
year and a half, Jim Widener, the Residence Han Manager, and I have 
fougta a losing battle trying to keep the door to the roof of Argo locked. 
Students have destroyed the door and at least a dozen locks on 
numerous occasions, costing the maintenance division a great deal of 
time and money to repair these damages. _ 

The money on repairs translates directly Into higher room rates for 
all students, clearly an intolerable sitJ18tion. The time spent on this 
problem also means !ellS time to respond to other maintenance needs in 
thedonns. 

The roof door must be kept locked for three reasons: 
1. Safety. There is currently no guard rail to block a fan Into the in-

terior of the building-a straight drop of about 70 feet. 
2. Uability. If anyone should get hurt on the roof, the University is 

responsible and could be held liable for damages. 
3. Damage to the roof. There is currently no deck to protect the roof 

from leaks, which could be caused by students walking across the 
gravel covering the roof. The RHB is interested in building a deck for 
sunbathing on the rool, but this would be very expensive and so far no 
definite plans have been made. At any rate, no deck can be c;onstructed 
until a guard rail has been installed surrounding the interior courtyard. 

Last night a brand new lock was broken once again. I have decided 
that this situation requires some drastic action. Therefore, beginning 
today, any damages to the roof door or lock will be deducted from the 
Argo Hall Activities Fund. The damages will be totaled, and each floor 
will pay an equal share. 

I do not like to do this, since I believe that the floor activities money 
should be used to support hall programs. I think this situation has gone 
entirely too far, however, and it is unfair to continue to penalize all the 
students for the actions of an immature few in one building. If you wish 
to discuss this decision with me, please do not hesitate to contact me. 

PHIL KIRCHNER 
Revene Resldeat Dea 

Roof Lock Payment Opposed 
Dear Phil: 

I have just read your letter regarding the damages to the locks on the 
door to the Argo roof. I cannot help but voice adamant disagreement 
with what I feel is a childish and regressive solution to an old problem. 

The reasons you presented to keep the door locked are, at best 
fabricated: • 

1. There has been a guardrail in stock for months. The money spent 
on new locks and repairs should have been spent on its installation long 
ago. 

2. Liability. If a student should get hurt in Czechoslovakia, the health 
insurance would cover it. 

3. The RHB had a workable plan to build a sundeck before last 
summer with a projected cost of $2,500. It could have been built easily 
for under $4.000 had you not squandered it on moving your office from 

go to Blake at a cost of around $12,000. 
You claim that hall money should be spent to support hall programs 

and expect us to believe you are sincere. How can we if you don't sup-
port them (the deck and railing) and even spend student money on your 
own petty comforts and self-perpetuating ends. 

As a member of the Residence Hall Board I must condemn your ac-
tion and support "the immature few in one building" who cannot live 

un~er a stagnant administration. 
HEINZ HEMXEN 

Revelle Residence Han Board 

The Triton Times Is published by UCSD students as .n official student newspaper. 
.' Publication Is on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school year 

(except on olliclal holidays). Editorial and business 011 ices are located In the Sludent 
I Center at the University ot California, San Diego. For editorial, call ~2·30466; for business 

and display advertising. call ~2·3468. 
Letters to the editor and opinion Columns are welcomed. All submissions must be Iyped 

and double-spaced on a 74-space line. They should nol exceed 1·1/2 pages In length. 
Submitted material must bear the name and student Identification number ot the author. 

Names can be withheld trom publication on raQuest; however the names w ill be held on file 
for public inspection. . 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of space limlt$tlons or 
style reqU irements. 

Entire contents copyrlghtl977 the Triton Times. 

SOME NEW 
SOME NOT ... 

Sorrento Valley 
Racquetball & Spa 

PAE~ARE FOR : 

.CAT~;::= 
OAT :::::.. 

Quality You 
Can Afford 

SIZES 3 to 221h 

• Fine Wearing Apparel 
• Exquisite Jewelry 

• China • Sliver 
• Furs 

243 N. Hwy. 101 • Solana Beach 
On The Botrdwalk 

755-0551 
Open Monday ttlN Friday 10 a.m. to. p.m. 

Open 10 Ihe public 

A great lIIay to get 
your daily exerclsell 

Courl time includes : 
·Sauna 
·Welght Room 

RegUla, Hours : 

·Jacuzzl 
·Locker 

Call for reservations 
455·1551 

6:00 am · 11:00 pm Weekdays 
7:00 am · 9:00 pm Weekends 

-----------------------------

Special For the Month 0/ Mard 

Bring this Coupon. 
lWO FOR THE PRICE OF ONE 

During the follOWing hours 
6 :00am· II :OOam Weekdays 
12:00 pm - 9.00 pm Weekends 

Expires March 31st 
455-1551 

10999 Sonento Valley Rd. 
L _____________________________ ~ 

LSAT Voluminous home GRE INdy mMeri.l. 
Cou,_tfl~_ AlGSI con __ 1v upd .... 

OCiT T~ f8cIlltl .. fo, ~I 1ft_of cl_ 
CPAI' '-M...cI fo, u. of .. pplement.,., m ....... . 
FlEX M ........ 'or ECFIIG m ..... '-I 

IIAT'L MED BDS 
SAT-VIT 

SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2110 Glmet, "-clflc ..... ~101 

Phon. 1M·m·.., 
~. 

CENTER ~ 
B' ..... ln"...r UI.I .... 

...cI ... tz ....... 

Muir-Five-and-Dime Offers 
, 

Student-Run Entertainment 
"y~BrieD 
StaftWrHer 

purpose place exist? 

Where can you see Tbe 
Graduate, drink exotic teas and 
coffees, entertain a live audience, 
play Monopoly, bet your life away 
at poker, hear "kick-ass' music 
and dance? Does such a multi-

Yes, and it's right here on 
campus. These and other similar 
activities go on every Monday 
through Saturday night from 9:15-
12:00 at the Muir Five and Dime 
located between Upper and Lowe; 

M~ .<:ommons. The wide array of 
actiVities changes each night. 

Greal ScalI the magiCian appeared 
at the Muir Five·and Dime/astFriday 
/lighl . 

The Monday Night Film Society 
shows movies such as Brlgadoon, 
Play Misty for Me and A Uon In 
Winter, every Monday night. 
Tuesday night features live en-
tertainment by auditioned per-
formers , and anyone can perform 
on Wednesday's Hootenany Night. 
Card and table games are played 
on Thursday night, and Friday and 
Saturday are special events nights. 
Last Friday, The Great Scott, a 
magician, performed at the Five 
And Dime, and a Sadie Hawkins 
dance is scheduled to take place 
~ soon. 
~ The Five and Dime Board, ad-
t' vised by Muir Activities Coor-
i dina tor Karen Kirchner, is 
iii responsible for co-oniinating each 

~ of these activities. The Board, 
~ made up of Muir Resident students 
~ Joe Coulombe, Gary Moser, Mark 

Sindler, Nancy Councelbaum, 
Barry Steiner and Leigh Green-
burg, meets weekly to organize 
activities. 

Irltolllh.II'S 

Clark. .. 
Continued from 1 

with American policy ." Clark also 
noted that "given our democratic 
system, they can raise hell about it 
Ifthey want. " 

Clark commented that lie thinks 
the new Secretary of State Cyrus 
Vance will be an ' " excellent 
Secretary of State" and that " what 
Uttle we've seen of Carter, is 
hope." 

Clark didn't discuss the recent 

,.,' "' ....... " •.•... ., 

PRECISION CUTTING 
SKINCARE 

JULLIET MANICURING 

A complete Redken Salon 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
Right by La Jolla Village Inn 

455-0680 
10% DISCOUNT 

or ~ ~ with Student or Faculty 10 -> Bring this ad as coupon .-ii-.. i) _____ . \)~~ 
Brown ... 

*,*'If.** .Y,-.;; ".* :;.)!- { !- X· *;HH~·l!-*·*·:c*i:*** ·;"* .******** ~*** '*' 

BALLET · MODERN · JAZZ INTERNATIONAL F"OlK OANCI NG 
CREATIVE ' TAp · DRAMA EVERY FRIDAY 

8PM 
230 BIRMfNGHAM 

CARDIFF·BY· THE·SEA 
436-3733 

~E. MUIR, 5~ DIME:. PR E.)[ N T~ 
IN (c)N(LlR,T 

WlTH 

J{)HH 
$CHHEID[)t~tU" 

S-,)1P.ING I)ANJO,GU\TA~,LUTL. 
TUt e~ MAfbCH t~; 

9=m5 F-M. 
roo. ANl.VE.NINC, OF &..U:C:IAA'D.RA6 TIMf...AND (LA~CAL Mw.c 

AU1IlssmON IS fREt 
• Suprem~~~~~:e~ who also ~ Computer Hobbyists! ~ 

lacked that experience before ~ HAVE YOUR OWN COMPUTER.' **:, .----------------
joining the bench. >.' ~ TR r- .,-/ H 

"Noonemadeapeepwhenthose :~ C(r;'~ PL'~T~~ ~UCJ\OcoriJPurrER !CITS';' ~ ~ , &-
people were appointed. I wonder ; :,~ 
why they're asking about Rose :;. eo2-:) J z80, 6·30oJ 6502, CC'i·1PUTER3 ~ A 
Bird?" Brown said. f. Join Tile Computer Revol(/tiofl ~ 9/.00 - OOlLAR. - #1.00 

~ the l:[JmpUter center ; Commentary ... 276-5656 .1.IS~ ~~Ni B/.., Coolinued fromPage Z 
clear allocation of responsibiUty-
creating a situation of chaos where 
everything stalls (seems like the 
Coop?) 

:;~ 82Q5 RONSON ROAD SAN DIEGO. _ (714) 292.5302 : 
w*~~*~** ~ •• *~.**.~***************.****.~* 

An infonnal government is 
confronted by a problem that is 
clearly seen in the present 
governance, i.e., that a core group 
takes over the entire structure of 
leaderShip, refusing any new 
participants truly equal par-
ticipation. 

In a fonnal government, like 
ASUCSD. the "rules of the game" 
are available to all students. 

Eo PHILIP ISAAC 
WILLIAM RAMPONI 

JOANBYER 
PHILIP GANEZER 

uc s.. Diet. C ..... ".,...,_ Board 
".. .... ,. 

The San Francisco 
Mime 
Troupe 

.~alse Promise8/Nos En9maron 
March 8, 8:00 p .m. 
Mandt!vill~ Auditorium 

Slu<knts: $2.00, G.A. $3 .SO 
Tick~ts : UC San Di~o Box Offic~ 

452-4559 

No .. I .. clu1rve for .... ",Ing 
chort .... to Europe . H_In · 

ortont · Chicago. New Yori< • 
Molt require eel dey edvonee 

booItlng 10 n_'1 1M II .... to 
INn tor spring Ind ... mm ... . 

Cnedlt cords ICC.,.ted. AI, _ft. 
lilac_lied lirtl"..,. 

4504435 

j)oUAIt ~pn/"'~ 
/. N __ M~" ".1"111., .. ~ .. ; ;/11' SMIf() 
.I. /NI'IIMMI ell'.' ",;M "'MI~ ,I,,~ ~/Jt# 
oJ. (fa) IIA'~ rlJil/>'/w' J1I"~ 4A/"* 
;. II-a""f'lf pllI~ p_t.tI>N eA,.,.. 
.s. 5 ... ..,"'" pIw. ,.IAt,. e/t,~. 
, . 5",'4> - .. ,M 1_11;. .. \ ft,IoI/IIrN,IINI.OU 

P,,,ul'IIi .1Mi .II" ~ /t*D 
o$l"',.,ltI •• ' ",iM eA.NltM eM •• e. 

FIlrU (JII PttIIl#IM~ (NIH' 
~ OM.' r, r,,"ilJ4 AV,," 
.-u ~'" ..,~r "' r,., 

The Finest Quality Selection of European and American Apparel 
Complimented by Exciting Tennis, Racketball , and Training Equipment 

UCSD STUDENT SPECIALS 
HEAD SPALDING SPALDING 

Ashe Camp Frame BALLS World Open Frame 
..-

$44 .00 $24.95 
$1 .99 

Reg . 555 .00 Reg. 534 .95 

ADIDAS BATA AI)IDAS 
COUNTRY POLYMATCH OLYMPIA 

Leather Training Canvas Tennis Shop Leatt'er Racketball Shoe Shoe 

$24 .95 Reg. 529.95 $12.99 Reg. 514.99 $22.95 Reg. 528.95 

10')(, DISCOUNT ON ALL REGULAR PRICED ITEMS, WITH THIS ADVERTISEMENT 

THE TENNIS GALLERY 
IN THE NEW flOWER HILL MALL 

MISe VIa 0. I. v .... 
Del Mar • 7H-H'7§ 



... ' . 

ReveUe - BBQ Short Ribs, Turkey Pot Pie, Macaroni & Cheese 
Muir - Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Baked Corn Beef, Breaded PerCh, Vegi Casserole 
Mattllews - Brown Beef Stew, Baked Macaroni with Cheese, Braised Beef Liver 
Art Esblbft, lobby, Central University Library. Over 60 Liberian artifacts will he on display 

through the month of Feb. in connection with Black History Month. Free. 
Moaday and every day of the week· "Pictures without Verbiage" is the title of an exhibition 

of sell-sufficient paintings, drawings and collages by Ruth Landay. The show can be seen 
everyday through March in Urey Hall. . . . 

11 am - SemiDar Southwest Fisheries Aud., La Jolla Shores DrIve. Dr. Angeles AlvarlOo, 
"The Malaspina ExPe<tition and the Fishes ofthe North American Pacific." 

12·1 pm - Conditioning, Wresting room. 
12 ooon-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Cbem CHalc, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities Library 

(Basement). ., . 
3 pm - Lecture, room 1110 P&L Bldg., Muir. Prof. DIane Owens Hughes, Prmceton Umv. , 

"The Rise ofthe Dowry and the Value of Women in Medieval Europe. " 
3-5 pm - Interviewing Techniques Workshop - learn how to be more effective in a job in-

terview and watch yoursell on videotape. Sign up at Career Planning (limited space ). Free. 
~ pm - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
3:30 pm -Space Research and the New Astrophyslcs,room 2250AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. R. W. 

Carlson, USC, "The 10 Torus." 
4 pm - High Energy Pbysics Seminar, room 1106 H&SS Bldg., Muir. Dr. Carl Bromberg, Cal 

Tech, "High P Collisions." 
4 pm - Solid Mechanics and Structures Seminar, room 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Prof. K.C. 

Valanis, Univ. of Iowa, "Some Recent Developments in the Endochronic Theory of Plasticity-
The Concept of Internal Barriers. " . 

4 pm - The Hollywood Vision. America as seen thru the movies of the 30 's and 40's. Lecture 
with film clips. By Clive Miller. H-L 1438. Free . 

4 pm - MeD's teDDis, Muir courts. UC San Diego vs. USIU. 
4 pm - Women's Center general meetiDg. All women welcome · planning for spring quarter . 

Come and express your views. Women's Center, Student Center. 
4-5 pm - CPB Pop Events Subcommittee Meeting. Vice Chancellor Conference Room, Bldg. 

B. 
4-5 pm - Karate orth Balcony. 
4:30 pm - Women's basketball, Main Gym. UC San ~iego vs. Mesa College. 

4 :~ :3Opm-Gymastics, South Balcony. 
:Hi pm - Conditioning Club, Wrestling room. 
:Hi pm - Aikido, East Conf. Room Student Center and 7-9 pm, Wrestling room. 
5-7 : 30 pm - Deny DaDce, North Balcony. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control ClInIc. Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap Session at 7 

pm. All welcome. Student Health. Call 452-2669. 
6:30 pm - UCSD Student Cooperative Union meeting. North Conference Room, Student 

Center. 
7·10 pm - Shaolin Fu, West Balcony. 
7:15-9 pm - Fourth College Program Board meetiDg. Planning, carrying-out, and evaluating 

Fourth College events. All interested students welcome. Conference Room, 302 MC. 
7: 30-10:30 pm - Chess Club meetiDgltourney. East D>nference Room, Student Center. . 
8 pm - Evening with Linda & Bert - Linda Vickerman and Bert Turetzky perfonn their own 

compositions. CME· 408 MC. Free. . . . 
8-10 pm - "Sex- It's Exciting", film (optional) lecture and disCUSSIOn. A wrap up sessIOn to h e 

in all fo W' other lectures and films. Revelle North Dining Room. Free. 
8-11 pm -Israeli Folk Dance - Debbie, Dave, and J eff will review dances from 8-9; from 9 on, 

dances by request. Rec Gym Conf. Room. . .. .. . 
9 pm - UCSD Student Filmmakers will be showmg their films tn the SIde Door. Come to enJoy 

and learn. Free popcorn. South side of Revelle Cafeteria: Free. 

Bruce Is this week's winner of the Calendar Photo Competition . ··Bring your entries to the IT 
office. A ~LIe dollar cash award will be given to the win ner. 

Revelle - Baked Ham, Baked Fish. 
Muir - Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, BBQ Spare Ribs, Irish Beef Stew, Baked Beans VegL 
Matthews - Roast Sliced Turkey, Pork Chop Suey. 
Art Exhibit, First Floor, Urey Hall, Revelle. "Pictures Without Verbiage," an exhibition of 

paintings, drawings and collages by Ruth Landay. Free. Through Ma.rch. 

.1 rll4J1Ulmc'S Pagel 

1~11 am - IlIlIel Forum meeting - participate in the founding of a responsible student 
newspaper for UCSD. East Conference room. 

- lit) 
Noon - "Seu Portndt" series. Guest speaker Is Tee Rodgers, ex·leader of the "Blackstones" 

gang and current Youth Director of Say Yes, Inc. This organization specializes in gang diver. 
sion work. Mandeville Suite. _ FriedlBroiled Chicken, Hungarian Goulash 
. Noon - Tuesday COIlcerts, alcove, Mandeville Center. Oboe Quartet will perfonn music by Hot Dogs, Roast Turkey, Pork Chow Mein , Vegi Chow Mein. 
Morz.art and Britten. Free. _ Swiss Steak, Baked Beef Loaf. . 

12· 1pm-CoDdi llCllliq,WresWng room. _ America's Road to SociaUsm. A forum sponsored by the UCSD YOWlg Socialist 
12 ooon-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Chem ClInIc, walk In tutoring. ~10 Humanities Library Mark Schneider, member of the Socialist Workers Party and an activist in the union (bf::omp:t~. PhVIIlcl SoUd Slate SemJaar, room 2113 AP"'~ bldg., Muir. Dr. W. Gilbert Clark Iovemem will discuss the possibilities for a socialist society in the US. North Conference 

J U I One DIrri I ' Student Center. UCLA. "The Magnetic and Thermal Properties of a Dison ered - ens onal Heisenberg pm _ Condltloablg, WresUing room. 
Anti-ferromagnet: Quinolinium (TCNQ)2." . d 6-9 OASIS BI -Cb CUaJ alk 

2:30 pffi-- Rape Task Force meetiDg - we need new elY.·rgy! All are welcome ! Women 's noon-4 pm an pm - 0 em c, w in tutoring. 410 Humanities Library 
Ce~epmr. _ Weight MaugemeDt Grou-To help you.find ways 6f modifying your eating habits pm - Birth Control CUaic. Counseling, infonnation, and appointments. Call 452·2669 or 

r . Student Health. 
and develop support systems to help maintain weight reduction. Counseling & Psychological pm _ Sumner Series, Sumner Aud., slo. Mrs. Alice Taylor will .present a color slide 
Services, 412 Matthews Campus. Call x3755 to sign up. Free. "South America Highlights." Free. 

3: 30 pm - Archery, Room 20 Rec. Gym. _ Fourth CoOege tradition day planning meeting. Conference Room 302 MC. 4 pm - Chemical Physics Seminar, room 2105 Bonner Hall , Revelle. Prof. Stanley Smith, 
Univ. of TIlinois, "Individualized Teaching of Chemistry with the PLATO IV Computer.Based - Meeting of the uam Chapter of the Student Coalition Against Racism. Open to anyone 

• resteo. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
Teaching System." - _ Male sexuaUty: fonn men desiring to discuss and explOre sexual problems and 

4-5 pm Karate, North Balcony. , Hugh ~ates facilitator . Call x3490 to sign up. Revelle Counselor's Office. 4:30-6: 30 pm-Gymnastics, South Balcony. . ' I M d '11 S . . 
5 pm - Art Exhibit Opening, Mandeville Art Gallery . New York artist Mary Beth Edelson will - Informa Lecture, an eVI e Ulte, TIOga Hall, Muir. Regents' Lecturer Dwight 

Present "Your 5,000 Years Are Up. Rituals and Works to Celebrate the New Time." Cln nnial will conduct a question and answer session on "Forty Years of Radical Politics-
upq; New Left, No Left." Free. _ 

opening celebration will feature rituals by the artist perfonned by her and members of the Inf IFf d' I li ' I ft 
Feminist Studio Workshop. Exhibit through March 20. Gallery hours: noon to 5 p. m. Sun pm - orma Lecture. orty years 0 ra lca po tics , 0 d Ie , new left , no left. 

: Dwight MacDonald, Regents' Lecturer. Mandeville Suite. Free. 
through Fri. Free. AMES F1uJd Mechanics Seminar, room 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Prof. Craig Bowman, 

5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap Session at 7 Univ., " Fluid Dynamic and Chemical Effects in Confined Turbulent Diffusion pm. All welcome. Student Health. Call 452-2669. 
6-7 pm - ACLU meetiDg· to discuss "Student Rights" workshop and politics. Coffee Hut. Psychology C'oUoquium, room 1110 P&L Bldg., Muir. Topic and speaker to be an-6-7 :30 pm - OutiDg, Rec. Conf. Room. 
7 pm - Sllrf Club/team meetlDg· to plan Santa Barbara trip. HSS 2154. pm _ Men's tennis, Muir courts. UC San Diego vs. Southwestern. 7~ : 3O pm - ,SurflDg, H&SS 2154. pm _ Marla Goeppert Mayer Memorial Lecture, room 2722 USB, Revelle. Murray Gell-
7-9:30 pm -Balkan Folk DanclDg • we will be teaching throughout the evening - beginner1s Robert Andrews Millikan Professor of Theoretical Physics, Cal Tech, "The Search For 

welcome! HSS 230S. 25c students, SOc non-students. Elementary Particle Theory." 
7:30 pm - Oceanography Seminar, Matthews Cafeteria. Bert Kobayashi will present a slide _ AMES F1nid Mechwcs Seminar. Craig T. Bowman, Department of Mec. Eng ., sh~~':e~~~~:~~. MeetiDg: Tape by Maharish Mahesh Yogi, Group Meditatioa, University. "Fluid Dynamic and Chemical Effects in Confined Turbulent Diffusion 

discussion and refreshments. Student Center Gameroom Conference Room. . ' 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 
7:30 pm - Sbao Ua Fu Society· Chinese sell defense art. Is it for you? Introductory.talk alii pm-HorsebackRldiDg [MTG],Rec. Conf. Room. 

- Karate, North Balcony. . discussion. Recreation Gym Conference Room. Free. _ Yoga, Adaptive Room. 
7:30 pm - Seminar: "Liturgical/Musical Foundations for Faith". -OutiDg, Equipment checkout. 

Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 30 pm _ Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
7 :30-9 pm - Female SexuaUty Group: This group will focus on Individual Sexual _ Biomedical Lecture Series. Lecture by Dr. Rene Dubos. Mandev'ille Auditorium. Free. 

ment, getting in touch with sexual feelings, and how these feelings are communicated to others. Revelle Graduation Committee. Revelle Provost Office. 
Lauren Kuhn and Julie Kenny Facilitators. Call x3755 to sign up. 412 Matthews Campus. _ Ballroom Dance, Rec. Conf. Room. 

8 pm - 1st meeting of "Casual Campers" . Get with active ,People that do what you do, aD _ Film: Bergman's "The Seventh Seal" , discussion following for the sym1?ot . conscious. 
welcome, come and see. 3rd College Lounge. 107. Free. 

8 pm - IDtemational Club Speaker Series, International Center, Matthews. Cr. _ Fourth College Student Gov't Cabinet meeting. 302 MC.conference Room. 
Schiller, "The New World Information Order." Free. pm _ Fencing, West Balcony. 

Revelle -Stuffed Cabbage Rolls, Roast Beef. 
Muir - Hamburgers, HotDogs, Beef & Bean Burritos, Chili , Veal Cutlets, Baked Halibut, 

Spaghetti Mariotta. 
Matthews - Hot Chili con Carne, Burritos, Enchiladas, Tacos. 
9-10 am - Motivational Worksb0IrFor students who feel very lethargic and unrnoti'vatal 

academically. The aim of the workshop will be to help the student hecome more successful 
more enthused in his or her academic persuits. Revelle Counseling Office. Call x3490 to sign 
Free. 

12 noon - AMES 205 FIlm Series. Film : "Turbulent Flow (An Introductory Lecture)" 
presented by the Department of AMES. 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 

12-1 pm - COIlditioning, Wrestling room. 
12 ooon-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Cbem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities 

(basement). 
12-4 :30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, infonnation, and appointments. Ca1l4aZ'Zb():~ 1 

drop by. Student Health. 
12 :3~2: 30 pm - Sex CIlDic. For students seeking infonnation or counseling about 

sexual functioning. Meets every Wed. Revelle Counselor's Office. x3490. 
3 pm - Baseball, field off Miramar Road . UC San Diegovs. USW. 

3~ pm - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
3:30 pm - Physical Oceanography Seminar, IGPP Conf. Room, 

"Oscillating Forces on Submerged Spheres." 
4 pm - New Poetry Series, Revelle Formal Lounge. David Meltzer, whose writing has 

called "a poetry of song, of the spoken word," wiU read from his works. Free. 
4 pm - Latin America FIlms Series, Third College Aud. "The Man From M allSlllCU, 

political thriller of espionage and counter·intelligence during the early years of the 
Revolution , will be shown . Free. 

4 pm - Organic·lnorganlc Seminar, room 2622 USB , Revelle. Prof. Robert Cargill , Univ. 
South Carolina, "Towards the Synthesis of Aphidicolin. " 

4 pm - Astrophyslcs-8pace Pbyslcs Seminar, room 1438 H-L Bldg., Muir. Dr. James 
Univ. of Arizona, "Strange Stars of Low Luminosity." 

4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
~: 30 pm - Develof!1Dg Career Choices Workshop -Discover those occupations related 

skills interests and major. Sign up at Career Planning or Third College Dean's Office. Free. 
4: 30-6 : 30 pm - G)'IIlII8Ities, South Balcony . . 
:Hi pm - Conditioning Clob, Wrestling Room. 
!HI : 30 pm - Jazz Dance, North Balcony. 
6: ~9 pm - Scuba, Rec. Conf. Room. 
7-10pm-SbaoUnFu, West Balcony. 
7: 30 pm - Trldeat CbrilUan FeUowlhlp. Revelle Fonnal Lounge. . 

7 : ~10 pm - Assertive TraIDta. Workshop. Muir Apt. Lounge. Sign-up at PlI8e-One on 
College. Free. 

8 pm - Wedaesday Evenlngl at the Mandeville Center Concert Series : Sonor- a MW.t.>rnOOr-. 
music ensemble from UCSD conducted by Bernard Rands. Works by Bartok, Berlo, 
London and Rands. Mandeville Auditorium. General $3.00, Students f2 .00. 

8: 30 pm - German Club meetiDg. 1st noor Beagle Hall, Revelle. 
9 pm - Acting breaks through the Side Door. 9:00 performances Include acenel from 

James' Drama class. Open to all . Side Door. Free. 

:30 pm - Graduate Student Council meeting. North Conference Room. Free. 
pm - Bahai Fireside - Anyone wishing info on the teachings of the Bahai Faith is invited 
informal discussion in the Student Center Gameroom Conference Room. For more info 
_~U""J or Tim at 222-5202. 

30 pm - Lenten House-la-House Gathering, (meet at church at 7:15 or go directly to 2641 
Lane, L. J .). University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
pm - Oceanography Symposium, Matthews Cafeteria. The film, "The Exploits of the 
Challenger·Deep Sea Drilling," will be shown. Free. 
pm - Drill Team, North Balcony. 

pm .: Discussion of implications of the Bakke case on higher education. Bldg. C, Student 
Free. 
-Side Door presents "Surprise", UCSD's chameleons of jazz. Bring your own mug fo r If.! 

Side Door. Free. 

- Lasagna, Fried Perch. 
Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Pot Roast of Beef, Macaroni & Cheese 
~ll:t1e~ys - Yankee Pot Roast, Knockwurst w lsauerkraut 

- 4th Commuter board meeting. 302 MC. 
- Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
pm - Birth Control CUnic. Counseling, infonnation and appointments. Call 452-2669 or 

by. Student Health. 
- Noon Coneert with performance by "Fanny Nook and Cranny". Sponsored by the 
Center. Gym steps. 

-OASIS Blo-Chem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities Library (basement ). 
pm - Marine Biology Seminar, room 307 Vaughan Hall , SIO. Dr. Yechuda Cophen. 
Univ., "Bacterial-Type Photosynthesis in Blue-Green Algae." 
Learning Systems Seminar, room 3545 P&L Bldg., Muir. Prof. Alfred Bork , UC Irvine, 

of Computer Use in Beginning Physics." . . 
- AMES-Bioenglaeerhlg SemiDar, room 2100 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Marcel Ntmnt, 

"Collagen Type : Their Biosynthesis by Cells in Culture . " . 
- Topics of Respiration, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. James T. Stull, "Regulations 

in Smooth Muscle." 
APIS SlgDal Procelling Seminar: "Underwater Communication using Visible Light", 
Seibert Ountley, SIO. 3218 AP&M Building. 

- H:asel,..., field off Miramar Road. UC San Diego vs. Redlands. 
- Karate, North Balcony. 
- WomeD's balketbaD, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. Point Loma. 
midnight - Meet .... of the Triton Wargamlng Society. USB 3050A, 3030A, 403OB. 

- Mishnah study .roup 0 minyan. Conference Room A, student Center. 
- Movie: "Gone with the Wind". Mandeville Auditorium. UCSD students $1.25, general 

~1.25. 
- Studies of the HIUD8Il Aan, room 1103 BioI. Bldg., Muir. Information taken from 

pnotogl:apllY, linguistics, art history and anthropology . First meeting. Free. 
- voneyball, Main Gym. UC San Diego VS. Cal State Univ. DH. 

Friday Eve ..... 1 .. Del Mar, st. Peters Church, Del Mar. UCSD Gospel Choir directed 
Lytle. All students and senior cltizeDl; f2.50j general admission: $3. Tickets available 
~~~. . 
:30 pm -lDtematloaal Folk DeDdB, • all levels (beginners, intennediates, advanced ) 

! APM 2402. 25c students, 50c non-ltudents. 
1 :30 pm - Polka DIIIIee; 8:30, Muir Cafeteria. You don't have to know how to Polka to 

., 

have a great time!! Everyone is welcome. Admission: FREE. Sponsored by Trident Christian 
Fellowship. Muir Cafeteria . 

9 pm-1 am - Blow Into March dancing! at Ubiquity. Our Disco Duck will be the D.J . Everyone 
comming before 10 :00 will getin for hall price. Revelle South Dining. SOc. 

9 pm March 5 to 9 pm March 6-- Dance Marathon. 24 hour dance marathon. Start at Revelle 
Cafeteria a t 9 pm (March 4) with open dance to 1 am then move to Student Center to continue 
until March 6, 9 am-fund raiser for Muscular Dv~trophy . 

Revelle - Hamburgers, Hot Dogs. 
Muir - Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Stuffed Baked Cornish Hens, Parmesan Tomato Meat Loaf, 

Vegi Meat Loaf. 
Matthews - Chicken ala King, Baked Fish. 
9 am - Aikido, Seminar. 
10-12pm -DrUl Team, West Balcony. 
10 am - Bicycle, Bike Shop. 
10 am - Shabbat minyan · kiddush provided. Conference Room A, ~udent Center. 
10:30 am - Campus Tours, front, Central University Library. Student conducted tours lasting 

1 If.! hours. Free . 
n am-5 pm - Society for Creative Anachronism Midieval Tournament Grassy knoll behind (south ) or H-L. Free. 
Noon - Baseball, field off Miramar Road. UC San Diego vs. Cal Lutheran. 
12 noon·l am - Almost Anything Goes. Series of Rec Games for donns (Revelle ) and prizes 

from 12 noon to 5 pm. Dance 9 pm-1 am, Rev Residence Halls only. Free. 
l-2:30pm-Judo, Wrest ling Room. 
1 pm - Track and Field, track, Matthews. UC San Diego vs. Tijuana Tech. 
1 pm-Men's Rugby, Muir field. UCSan Diegovs. UCI . 
S:3O pm -Catholic Mass. University Community Church, La Jolla Shores and Torrey Pines. 
7 pm - Saturday Night Movies, Mandeville Aud. "Sweptaway." General admission : $1.25. 

Repeated at 9 p.m. 

sUllclca, 
Revelle - Roast Turkey, Chili Relleno Casserole. 
Muir - Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Virginia Baked Ham, Pepper Steak. 
Matthews - Beef Steak, Hot Roast Pork Sand wiches. 
8: 30 am - Catholic Mass. University Community Church, corner of La Jolla Shores Drive and 

Torrey Pines. 
10 am - Lutheran Worship Service - The Rev. John Goerge Huber, Pastor. University· 

Community Church, 959S La JoUa Shores Dr. 
12:03 pm - Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community Church, 9595 La J olla Shores Dr. 
5 pm - Catholic Mass. University Community Church, La' Jolla Shores Drive and Torrey 

Pines. . 
6-9 pm - OASIS Bio-Chem CUnlc, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities Library (basement). 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge Games.·Free - open to everyone. Side Door, Revelle Cafeteria. 
8:15 pm - "American Humor: The Contribution of the Jews," a UC San Diego Extension 

program with Leo Rosten, lecturer and author of 24 books including "The Joys of Yiddish" and 
"Captain Newman, M.D." Insights illustrated with 50 of the funniest stories you ever heard . 
Temple Beth Israel, 2512 3rd Ave., San Diego. Fee ; $5. 

Dear DOC: There is a sign on Miramar 
Road just west of the intersection with 
Regents Road, right next to the " Property of 
the Regents of the University of California" 
sign, that says "Road Closed." Why is that 
sign there? CODslderlDg the amount of traffic 
on Miramar over 1-5, It bardly leems Sf'.D· 
sible for anyone to pretend the road Is closed. 

The sign is located at the northeast en· 
trance to UCSD. Miramar Road west of there 
is on university property, and only leads into 
the campus. The road stops at the point 
where the center of the campus would have 
been had uam followed its origianal master 
plan and grown to twelve colleges. Officials 
of the campus were concerned that just 
anyone might accidently turn onto Miramar 
Road and find themselves in the heart of the 
University. In order to maintain high 
standards for entrance into UCSD, various 
suggestions were made as to an appropriate 
sign to place on the road to keep un· 
su:;pecUng La Jollans out. Before the present 

was chosen, some of the other 

Trespassing-
Will Be Taught A Lesson, " 

"Danger-iteep Grades Ahead, " and "Dead 
End." 

Dear Doc: Considering the number of 
complaints about UCSD's parking situation, 
why did "they" [whoever the ubiquitous 
" they" actually Is,] put crab grass in the 
area between the Mandeville lot and the 
Eucalyptus grove, rather than expanding the 
lot as they bullt It? Nobody uses that area for 
anything other than stumbling through to the 
health center anyway, so are there any plans 
for paving it over and relle':'tng the 
congestion at Muir's back lot? 

The size of the Mandeville lot was deter-
mined by the money they had to spend on it 
and by the total nwnber of parking spaces 
designed to be available for the expected 
number of parking pennits sold. The crab 
grass is the natural residue from the con-
tractors and construction workers that 
regularly descend upon our campus. At 
present there are no plans for Mandeville 
expansion, however, this summer there are 
plans fo r expanding the P!1rking facilities for 
Revelle, the School of Medicine, and maybe 
Muir if they behave themselves. 

Dear Doc: Why are tbere so many geeks on 
campus? Why do they all sit around in the 
coffee houses talking about Marx wben none 
of them have ever even read Abbie Hoffman? 
Is It true that the Med Scbool grad students 
bold weekly feasts In tbe cadaver vault? Is It. 
true that Marcuse I actually dead and hangs 
from a book in Saul Steirs's closet? How does 
Marco U Mandri comb his balr? Does the 
University have secret tie-Ins with C&R 
clothiers& DO you want to bave a good time? 
If so, call Lance. 

This is national "Send a Geek to College" 
year ... They love Grouco ... No, they moved 
the feasts to a plac,! even more sickening-the 
Revelle cafeteria ... He's not dead ; he is just 
hanging there .. . One strand at a t ime just 
like everyone else .. . Yes ... I'll pass it on. 

Dear Doc : Wbat do you really do? 
As OPPO~M In ,u,,~ ' ? T.,11 ~'~' .,.h ... t-~~!!C;" 

your guesses along with the rest of the 
questions you would like answered to DR. 
lJTTLEMAN, in care of the Triton '1 UJlC~. B· 
016, in the Student Center .. l'll have Igor 
(pronounced eye-gore), my trusty servant 
and lackey, pick up your questions each 
Wednesday at 4:00, so gct them in by then. 



PIle' triton times 
••••••••••• • ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

! IT Classifieds- i 
• • i AlMere 25-Personals i 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

~frozen 
yogurt 

creations 
featuring 

Knudsen frozen yogurt 

coming 
March 1 

Torrey Pines Rd. 
at Herschel Ave. La Jolla 

_11_-11- __ I charters to \ 
• europe • 
I Amottt'dam & Part, S449-479 -- Stay 4 to 50 weel<s -- Everyone el igible 50 days advanced booking required CIEE Siude'" T .... I Se"".,.. a.._ UCSD Int.mall"",,1 Center 0-011 
.. Open W .... dlrol-5 pm - 452-0830 

--

Classifie.~ Rates 
Sludenl ads - 25 cents 
Pertonals - 50 cenls 
Lost and F ouM - free 
Non-studenl ads - Sl 
Deadline at I pm. two 
days prior 10 publicallon. 
Ads may be submitted 
belween 8-10 and 12-2 on 
MWF . 11-11 and 1-3 on TTh_ 

WANTEd 
Ste.eo components at whOlesale prices. all 
malor hrands . all new. guaranteed. call Tod. 

75~7548 (3/91 
Need extra cash? Paying Top Dollar lor U.S. 
silver coins before 1965. and pennies before 
1:159 Ken 75~7371 (~/2" 
Wanted: Children ages 7-10 yrs lor a 
psychology experiment. currently being 
conducted at the psychology building on 
Muir. The sludy will examine children 'S lever 
- pressing performance under various 
scheduled of reward . and will last lor a 
du.ation o f 12 mlns. Each child will be paid 
money lor lhelr participation . Please contact 
the Psych. Dept. at 452-3000. Thank-you. 
(2 / 21) 
Earn sao or more weekly at coUege in your 
spare time FOf information ruSh 25 cents 
and stamped sell-addressed envelope 10: 
BCA West Center. P.O. Bo. 2056. la Jolla. 
CA. 92038 (3 / 4) 

Tascon Producllons 
Prcsen ls 
GORDON LIGHTFOOT 
SUN .. MARCH 6.te P.M. 
Golden Hall 
T,ck'IS $7 SO. S6.5O. $5.50 
Now on Sale at Cenler Box 
Oil lee. 202 C Slreet 

~~~ S~11J, u~Q ~~,.~ 
~~ .O~ e \)~Q ~~ 

The Mesa Apartments for Undergraduates 
will have space for 200 undergraduate 
single students (50 apartments) for the 
summer at a special rate--$180. 
To qualify, you must havel·ived inUniversity 
hpusing this entire academic year. 
Applications and more information will be 
available in each Resident Dean/Counselor 
Office beginning tv1-arch 1, 1977 at 9:00 AM. 
Applications must be returned to the 
Residential Apartments Office, 9258 A 
Regents Road, no later than 4:00 PM 
on March 11, 1977. 
For further information, please call Pat 
Michaud at 452-2952. 

. .. . ... 
• •• • • It' • • t.. . .. 

Wanted I !'eolia willing to openly demon-
strate Intelligenca and foraslghl...vote A.S. 
and qualify 

Person with knowledge of Amer. Sign lang. t 
would like someone to practice wllh Cheryl 
.52-9420 (2/28) 

1/2 F roomies Sloo/mo. Del Mil 2 blks frOfT 
beach av.llable nowll call (ranclne 75~8169 
(317) 

fOR SAlE 
'67 VW Cus. Camper: propane siove . Sink; 
Icebox . new brt. yellow pl . rblt eng .. more . 
1650lor? 279-4105 eve. (312) _ 

Sl<i boots · lange Phantoms . Size 10'h-M 
Brand new. Worlh SI60 sell for S80. call 755-
4259 all 6 p m. (3 /11) 

TV - 9" BIW new. works super S50/olier skis 
K? with bindings make oller Phil 459-8049 
(3 /2) 
Scuba Qear - Farmer John wetsull . hood. belt 
& weights . knile Brand new-used Ihrice Call 
755-4259 alt . 6 (3/11) -
Brand new Bayley suite top of a line used 7' 
swallowtail & no" pinlall very cheap musl 
sell call 453·9193 (3/7 ) 

Led Zep tickets SO March 8. lower level . 3 
seals from l loor call & make offer -- 226-8166. 
(2/28 ) 

led Zeppelin HeII_ets excellent seats. Call 
453-6233 for inlo. (2128) 

Honda 350 excellenl cond new battery and 

J 
3 Led Zop lic .... t. loge sect. 23 row 6 S80 or 
best offer Ed 264-220. or Peler 583-0041 
(2/28) 

Led Zoppfln tickets for sale gOOd floor seats. 
Cheap price call ~-0878 (2/28) 

Honda 3SO .Ient cond 73 22000 ml new 
b,attery & tune up 5450 hetmet & gloves 
comes with It. 51""" 75~7269 (21.) 

PERSONAls 
BAJA' NATURAL HISTORY CRUISE 10 W. 
coast island and lagoons Mar . 27 -Apr . 2 $325 
conlacl F . Rokop X4770 225. BB (3/9) 

Wanted-Good home for yeer old F. dog. 
mixed breed. well trained. affectionate. Call 
.59-7012 by March 1 (2/28) 
Jazz gullatlsls seminar: Monday. 2/28. 7-10 
pm. Guitar Center. "C" & 7th SI. $10 I person. 
Lecture demonstration. Call Steve. 234-8731 
(2/28) 
Dear Hubby COOP--HII A.S. and I are getting 
stronger everyday. Why. just the way he's 
built makes him accessable and responsive. 
At last I can rel ax and come. wilhout 
manipulallon. to my own decisions . I hope 
you're not too lealous 10 recognize a gOod 
thing when you hear 01 it--Iove. your e.-
wlfev . Mee 
Jol A.S . and I are getting stronger everyday . 
Why. lust the way he's built makes him 
accessalble and responsive. At last f can rei .. 
and come. withoul manipulation. to my own 
decisions. I hope you're nol to jealous to 
recognize a good th I ng when you hear of it-
love. your ex-wiley. ~ 

tune up 73 22000m1. $450 or best offer. call Poelry reading Marl< Strand Mon. Mar. 7:00 
Steve 755-7269 (2/4) pmCasa Real . AztecCente!SCSU. (2128) 
.••.•• ••••.•...........•........ 
· . 

= COMMUNITY = 
· . ~LOODBANK~ 
· 
· 

· 

983 India 
327 FStreet 

PAYS DONORS 
for Service 

Mon_· Frio 
233-5481 
234-4601 

..•..................•.. ~ ...... . 

BYTE SHOP 
n..AHordaW. 
Computer Srore 
8250- 104 VICK': ... ST . 

.... N CIRGO . CA 82t H 

(71'" ses-eooe 

Challenger will kill Blake 3 In the "Anything 
Goes" - come walcl>-March ~we will be the 
CHAMPS 

00 you know your registration fee 10 being 
Increased next yeer? Where did our student 
go_nment Sland on lhla I.sue? They must 
have been in favor of 11 since I never heard 
any formal protest. I'm appalledll Where 
were you . Coop. when we needed you? 

Wi fey Mel : How could you leave me after only 
three years? We spent over $300.000 
together. Sure. we pissed It away bUl you 
said no one would """r notice. Give me one 
more year . .. OK. how about sl. months? 
Hubby-Coop (2/28) 

Just 5 miles north 20.000 used books. e. 
. lIbris Bookstore. 129 N. Hwy. 101 . Sofana 

Beach 755-7323 

Mike for lhe friends thaI we are now. and the 
friends we shall become-a warm toast to you 
xxoo Bebopper. 

UC50: FUCK YOU (2/28) 

Judy your very own peraonal. nadeemable 
exponentially . Ira been • bagel, many more 
to come. Herman (2/28) 

·Tho P_ '" K ........... E ....... ' ... I .. r 
S.D. W_. Cl. 2557 3111 10:00 Info Call feb., Donetton ..... l2IaJ 
2 hardly used Ford Pinto show IIres $40 .52-
3311 (3/2) 

ContiDued 011 Pace 8 

\ .............. ~~ ............... "' ..... ~~ ............. ~ ....................................... ~, 
t t 
l . ! ; ; i Lions of i ! La Jolla ! 
t The place ! ; ; i for i 

~ his-Neher l 
i ~air needs l 
(We're celebrating the new haircutting salon with a super hlm-N-her of- ( 
( fering . A great shampoo. the best hair cut' you ever had . iii blow dry or ( 
( curling iron sel. $15.50 value lor 7 .50 each t 
J Lion' a for the natural ~ 
, healthy headahaklng hai-:. . , ! Appol",m'"' "o"'~,. "~_ ! 
I l ( f 
I 
i 7610 GIrard Avenue ~ La Jo/la. CalifornIa 92037 L __ .. _" ___ .. _ ..... ~~~ __ .. _" ____ . 

Pltce7 
. 

Fellini's "Casanova" am 

History's Hottest Lover Cooled 
STEVE WOlF & Jilt .ISSMlillR 

IN COORDINATION WITH ICII AJlNQUNC[ ... 
4 

By Paul Watry 
Stiff Writer 

Federico- Fellini's long awaited 
movie, Cal8llova, has finally 
opened in San Diego (at the CoUege 
Theater.) It is sure to be con-
sidered the most significant 
foreign film of the year and con-
sidering Fellini's flamboyancy for 
making headlines this is not sur-
prising. An incredible publicity 
campaign launched in conjunction 
with I)mald Sutherland casted as 
Casa nova, has made it an 
Academy Award nominee after 
only one week's showing in Los 
Angeles_ 

However, despite the fanfare 
accompanying the movie. 
Casanova appears to be a disap-
pointing effort, one not worthy of 
predecessors like Sih and Amar-
cord. A 12-l!Iillion dollar budget, 
the use of the largest production 
unit in Italy, and Fellini's 
reputation has made this disap-
pointment even greater_ Still in a 
year dominated by unoriginal 
efforts and remakes, Casanova 
turns out to be at least an in-
teresting failure; one not due to an 
overworn cliche. 

Fellini has said that Casanova 
was a film which he had to get out 
of his system. "It started as a love-
hate affair three years ago when 
we first began to project. Now it's _ 
mostly just hate. Casanova was not 
a 'Latin Lover' and I set out to 
destroy him." 

And destroy him, he does. Felini 
has left nothing to the im· 
magiriation _ Casanova is not the 
Latin Lover or the romantic legend 
that we know, but a love machine : 
waxen, cold and inhwnan. 

Getting the women in bed is no 
problem; Casanova uses the same 
line ("You're the only one I have 
ever loved") over and over again_ 
Once 'in bed, the only mutual 
respect between Casanova and his 
lover comes under the category of 
perfonnance, In the ultimate 
debasement, Casanova eventually 
participates in an hour long 
"contest" to prove his sexual 

Donald Sutherland as Fel lini'scold-
bluoded "Casanova." 
superiority over other men. 

Donald Sutherland's per-
formance as Casanova is helped by 
the brilliancy of makeup man De 
Rossi, who transforms his face into 
a startling likeness of Casanova's 
single portrait. Unfortunately, a 
great deal of the effectiveness that 
Sutherland might have had as an 
actor is washed away by Fellini's 
over-dominating direction . 

Fellini is actually the star of the 
movie, not Sutherland, and he 
never lets us forget it. Sutherland 
is not so much an actor in this 
movie, as he is an extension of 
Felini's directing arm. His per-
formance as Casanova is not 
distinctive at all because he is not 
playing a person, only a vehicle for 
an idea imposed by Felini. 

And this is the flaw of Casanova. 
It elevates and oversta tes this idea 
with as much subtlety and grace as 

The film revolves around this 
revelation through a series of 
bizarre bedroom scenes, where 
Casanova demonstrates his 
originality in sexual . prowess. 
Casanova takes on all manner of 
women; countesses, mystics and 
giantesses. Finally, he "makes it" 
with a life-size mechanical doll, 
thereby completing a cycle 
wherein only the physical remains. 

Casanova's performance in bed' 
realizes the point of the movie_ To 
him, sex is an art form, something 
purely physical and he performs it 
with aU the finesse of a gymnast 
tuning up for the Olympic games. 

an elephant walking on rice-paper. 
Casanova as a lover becomes 
overtly disgusting, and it seems 
that Fellini is too preoccupied with _ 
this in itself_ After all, it can be 
remembered that Casanova was a 
philosopher, diplomat and scientist 
as well as a lover. Though this is 
briefly alluded to at the beginning 
and end to show the ironic nature of 
-'W!---~;-.International Qub Speaker Series ~~~~'Oe.""'''''' 

presents 

dr .• 1"'lrlIChllllr 
Prolillor 01 commaolcltiooi 

"The New World Information Order" 
International Center 

Tuesday,S pm. 

Fourth College announces: 

applications 
are beln. SOI18ht for 
1977.-1978, 

peer advisors 
P.A.'s live in the Fourth College Residence Halls on 
MBtthews CampuB and provide services for resident 
students. Remuneration includes credit for single room 
and full board for the acedemic year. For further details, 
Contact Mary 'Cox or Davis Jones, 452-4581 , 701 Mat-
thews Campus. 

March 1 
March 18 

March 21 

Aprtl4-8 
Aprtl12 
April 21 

Applications available, 701 Me 
Return applications and five 
evaluetlon forms by 4 :30 pm to 701 
MC 
Mandetory meeting for all ap-
plicants at 8 :00 pm, 302 MC 
Group Interviews, -
Announcement of 26 candidates 
Announcement of final .electlon. 

. 

the Casanovian legend , it is all but 
drowned out in Casanova's 
overbearing sexual athleticism_ 
One identical scene follows the 
next until it finally becomes too 
much, like an X-rated movie with 
the audience sighing "not again ... " 

• pORTRAIT ? 
SERiES" ~ 
Guest speaker: Tee Rodgers 

Ex-leader of "Blatkstones" 
gang 

EXTM ADDED ATTlACTlOH 

SILVER 
FRIDAY MAR . .ll 

.ROaw.. ... n. AI".~ 
All SII" .tUNH! $1.71 • • . 1S. S.75 (h"II,',. ,.rkin,' 

ncuu AII"'." It AU II .. ClMlttt', ...... ItDf'H 
All ...... Tic ... _,''' ""'" Arooo T1cut OItkl. 

_ 'er HlferlU1kNt Cen 224-4171 • 
......... _ .. 

MATCH POINT, INC. 
TENNIS BOUTIQUES 

E' LAOEAN HALE 
BETTY PRESS 

'. 
.;.-

current boys youth director. 
...: 

; :~: ?::: 
j!j:: : ~:~~III~e~~~:o:ado ;::: "Say Yes,lnc." 

Tuesday, March 1st 
Noon -

Mandeville Suite 
Tioga HajJ 

~:~:: 2156 Avenida de la Playa ;::: 
:{ La Jolla, Calif. 92037 (114) 459.283(:: 
:r " 10 per cent off with a school 10 card" 

li·l! 
:.:.: 

JOIN US PURIM 
• In 

CHABAD HOUSE 
Thur. Mar. 3 
&Fri. Mar.4 

6:30 p.m . 
8:00 a.m. ) (Y\E.G-\'lL~\\ 

't\E. ~ D \t~0-
Dt\NC\ N G-

) LOIT e:~ 'J OR."\J.:)\NG-
) L-' C.\H~\~ ~ }1l1rnllt-l-ff\"'"EN 6115 Mo.luuma ltd. - S. Diego, Colil. 92115 

Z86-4747 

DEpAR:rMENT 

of 
ECONOMics 

SpRiNG 
OUARTER 

CouRSE 
ANNOUNCEMENT 

During Spring Quarter 
. '977 tha Department 
of Economics will be 
offering 2 lower 
dlvlalon courses not 
previously announced, 

ECONOMics 1 B will be repeated Spring 
Quarter . Students currently taking 1 A who d id not 
tak e 18 in the Fall ca n c omplete the Economics 1 
sequence 'ilis Sprin g by taking bo th 1 B an d 1 C 
slmultaneously_ Although 1 C normally requires 18 
as prerequisite , tBking the two courses 
simultaneously w i ll be suffic ient this t ime o n ly . 
(1A rem ains a prerequisite to 1C, however .) The 
in s truc tor for 18 w ill b e Professor Ramanathan. 
and the lec tures w i ll meet Tuesday and Thurs day , 
9 :30 - 10:50a .m . 

ECONOMics 4 A new course entit led 
"Introduction to Management & Accounting" , w ill 
also be offered in the Spring . Th is course w ill treat 
the concept of · management and its functions , 
with emphasis given to accounting as the basic 
information system of organizations . Topics t.o be 
covered include : marketing. production , f inance, 
basic accounting concepts , and the construction 
and analysis of the two fundamental financ ial 
statements, the Profit -and loss Statement, and 
the 8alance Sheet . 

Economics 4 has become a lower d iv ision 
prerequisite for the management science major, 
but it is not a prerequisite for the economics 
major . 

Beginning next year, Economics 4 will become 
a prerequiste for the upper division Bccounting 
course , Economics 173. Thus, students intending 
to take 173 in the Spring Quarter of 1978 should 
take Economics 4 this coming quarter . 

Taking Economics 4 does not earn credit 
toward the upper division requirements of either 
the economics or management science majors . 

There is some talk of stabl! h1nn /'I buslne!l 
minor for Third and Fourth College students . 
The outcome of these discussions is uncertain , at 
best. But if the business minor does even '.! fB , 
Economics 4 would almost cert inly be a required 
component of such B minor. 

Economics 4 will be taught thiS Spring by Ms. 
Ellen Cook and the lectur s will meet Tuesday and 
Thursday, 2 :30 - 3 :50 p .m . 



All.".. AIttnHItI". 
s.. DIeto,PrO·Ufe Lt..-

S83·LlFE 
Free couueUDI, study room 

aad.peakera 

5 assorted sizes from 1.25 to 2.00 

6786 La Jolla Blvd. 
Ne ar Wind & Sea 

459-2277 
Open 7 days 

MORE clAssifiEds 
[Continued from 6] 

Whoever ripped off a pair 01 adldas from 
EDNA please retUIn them to EDNA "they 
don't lit-no Questions asked (3/2) 

Dear Danc&-Drill team appreciated you 
cheering lor us. Thanks much MSR. (2/28) 

Kid . Wow It wun't be statutory. Glad you're 
oId .k 

Jay- Redeem this coupon in person for 
owe Happy bday .k 

charier, 
Over 1776 clt.rUSS"'c. 1962 San Olego'S 
mOSI •• pe<If1lCed Charter Co 
EUROPE from 1327 

""'''.'77 2,3,4,56 10 24 weeks duralloo 10 9 c,lles 
No clubs 10 loin, no lees and SAVE 10 60'. 

HAWAII from 1179 
Also New Vrnk, Ch'capo. Orlenl 

In San O'ego S'nce 1929 
EQuolable Bldg . MlSs,oo Valley 

Free Park,ng 
1333 Cammo del R,o Soulh, San O'ege 

PIIOnt 291-8141 

Bongers Unite! We want all you UCSO 
bongers out for the team!! 45~t810r Inlo. 
(2/28) 
Obedient , smart hbkn . yr. otd lemale mixed 
dog. free to good home must see to believe 
459-7012 belore3/2 (3/2) 

MUIr Program Board will present relerendum 
oper, lorums (2/28) 

TRAVEl 
Europe. Israel, Orient , Australia , NY & Chi 
Complete student travel center. AIST, 291 S 
La Clenaga BI. NtOl Beverly Hills. 213/657-
2727 (6/12) 

lIousiNG 
Female roommate wanted to share two bdrm 
house in LJ $80 for spring qtr only call 454-
1618 (2 /28) 
Needed 2 or 3 people to take over lease of 
beautiful 2 bedroom 2 bath condo In Del Mar 
1/2 block from beach. Completely furnished 
with chacuzl, welghtroom , gameroom, 10 
minutes from school call 755-6203(3/2) 

2 Bedroom House Available in Del Mar on 
march 24 $270 mo. Call 755-71 30 fireplace & 
enclosed patio (2/28) 

• SERVICES 
The Young Republicans need you! If In-
terested In joining please contact Keith at 
453-0514 (2/28) 
Papers edlted/rewnttenltyped . MA In Eng . & 
exper. Fee nego. Call LoiS 295-8672, 8-9 AM 
or6-7 pm. (3/2) 

Berkeley grad will tutor French lang . I Eng . 
compo Fee nego. Call Lois 295-8672, 8-9 AM 
or6-7 pm . (3/2) • 

Save $10.00 to $59.90 if you act now. 
If you've been thinking about 

getting a programmable, . 
Texas Instruments has a 

special offer for y()U 
NOW. 

SR-56 $109.95* 
If you want an incredible slide rule calculator that's 
also programmable, then this is the one for you. 

There're 74 preprogrammed functions and opera-
tions, And it has AOS, Tl's unique algebraic operating 
system, the underlying reason an SR-56 is so power-
ful. It'll let you handle problems with as many ' as 
9 sets of parentheses, Talk about memory, An SR-56 
has 10 (11 if you count the T-register,), And you can do 
arithmetic w ith all of them, 

Chances are you'll soon discover how really easy 
it is to program, An SR-56 has 100 steps. Six logical 
decision functions. Four levels of subroutines, Dec-
rement and skip on zero, Compare a test register 
wi1h the display to make a conditional branch . And 
thi3 sjust the beginning , 

'r ink about it. Can you really afford to put off get-
ting your SR-56, now? 
r~--------------- ~~ 
I exh Instruments WHI ret.te $10 ,00 Of ynur onglnal SR-~6 purchase price when I 

: Olr. (1) return thiS completed coupon including serlai lIululillr (2) along With your I 10 pleted SR-S6 customer Information card (packed In box) and (3) a dated copy I I If roof of your purchase, verrfymg purchase between Jan . 1 and March 31 , 1977. I 
I .R<66 Rebate OHer I V, O. 8011210 I llchardson, Texas 75080 I 
I ~alne I 
I Addless I 
I City - State - Zip 

SR· 56 Senal No ___ (from back of calculator) 
I Please allow 30 days for rebate L ______ _ ________ .J 

Choose 
two 

SR-52 $249.95* (New low price) 
If you want the computer-like power of a card pro· 
grammable then choose this one. 

Techniques like optimization, iteration, data reduc-
t ion, what-if matrices, mathematical modeling, need 
not tie up your mind -or your time. 

But learning to use jt is a hassle, you say, Not true, 
Prerecorded programs are gathered into software 
libraries: Electrical Engineering , Math, Statistics, 
Finance, All you need do is load a mag card , press a 
few keys and you ' ll get answers that previously 
required a computer. 

You can make your own programs just as easily, 
In just a couple of hours you 'll begin to ~ 
prove what a powerful asset you have -
right at your fingertips, 

And there's not a better time to get an 
SR-52 than right now, 
r----------------c~ 
I Electrical Engmeerlng Statlsllcs . Math , Fmance. Choose any two and (1) return I 

thiS completed coupon including serial number along With (2) your completed I SR-52 senalized customer information card (packed in box) and (3) a dated copy I I of proof of your purchase, venfylng purchase between Jan 20 and March 31 , 1977 I 
SR·52 Free Softwlle library on" I p, O. 8011210 I 
Richardson, Telas 75080 
Name 
Address 
City Slate Zip _ 
SR-52 SerJaI No (from back of calculator) 

Math _ StatistICS __ FUlince _ EE 

I 
I 
I 

fexas Instruments reserves the Tight to substitute software IIbrarres of equal value, I 
based upon ava~ablhty Please allow 30 days for delivery L _________________ .J 

Oller void wher. pronlb.ted by ~w GOOd In Conlllllfl IUS. only 
, SuggeSled re • prICe 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
, 1977 T u In "urmMS IncofporattKI IN ORPORATEO 65582 

Mo"'y, February !I, 1IT7 

Mosrl te Electric gliitar eKlnt. cood rock-n-
roll! with ease 250 or offer call 452-9879 alk 
for Paul M. (3/2) 

Panasoolc AM/FM/8-track stereo with 
record changer and 2 speakers. 40 tapes 
Included. $120 4:;2-9853 

Skateboard--Performer Klctall w/ Bennetts & 
RR IV's almost new but must sell , am spastic 
$45 . Sarah--755-5872 (3/2) 

Tire (snow) chains , to fit compacts, slightly 
used, half-price: sa. 27Q.2933, x41OS. David 
Lesikar (2/28) 

For sale mosrite electriC guitar. Super rock-n-
roll guitar 250 dollars with case or offer 
phone 452-9679 (3/2) 

Tires 4 good steel belted radials t65 sr 13 
less than 900 mlles--make otter-·call Dave 
453-8t23 

1973 EI Camino lIB all power & air 745-3397 
after6 :30 p.m. (2/28) 
Seiling 1 HP25 calc ., 1 typewriter, 1 dig. 
clock radio. All In excel. condo must sell call 
Earl 453-7555 (2/28) 

Surfboards 7'-4" $756'-10" S45 amaze your 
friends. Call Glenn 483-2851 (2/28) 

For sale I 69 Toyota Corona 40r. Needs 
engine work $6()() or best offer. Call 755-7725 
after6:00 (2/28) 

See America's hotlest rock groups-)..ed 
Zeppelin and Boston. We'll try to beat any 
price. Ca:t 453-9153 (3/7) 
Led Zeppelin sixth row -floorll $GO I best 
offer. Also Queen great floor s. east first 10 
rows S15. 452-9823 (2/4) 

1974 Karmann Ghla. Mint condition. Must 
see AM IFM ICassetle, Porsche wheel rims , 
many extras. 453-0243 (2/28) , 

TypingSeIf correcting IBM selectric term 
papers, theses 452-1588 eves. 

Don 't blow It now! I Tutonng by pro In almost 
any math. 5 yrs experience, Call James, eves. 
481 -9967 

Typing IBM selectric. Theses, term papers, 
etc. 452-1588 evenings. (6/6 
Typing.-Marllyn would like to fulfill your 
typing needs : expert, reasonable , has an IBM 
new N: 270-6728 (3/18) 

Muir Program Board Presents 2 referendum 
open forums. Today noon MUir cafeteria and 
Monday 3/7 noon Muir Quad Gov't 
models & Issues will be discussed further 
info. Call x4675 (2/28) 

WOMANCARE : Self-Help Clinic, Abort ion, 
Prenatal, Annual Exams. 1050 Garnet. P.B. 
488-7591 

lOST It fOUNd 
Lost: Student Representation , legltamacy, & 
135,000 activity fee. Lost In N. Conf. Room 
Mon. Nlght--Stud, CIr. 

Found : Appall ing Student Mess. Kangaroo 
Cts, Manipulation & in tImidat ion. Pick up at 
N. Conf. Room--Coop Mtg . Mon Nlte 6.30 at 
Stud Center (2/28) , (3/2) 

Found: pair of wire rimmed glasses. Collect 
at TT office 

Wire rimmed glasses found on 7th floor 
tenaya hall . Pick up at T'T office 

Lost big blue text--Ramban Commentary on 
the Torah--P&L phone booth need 
desperatelyl please call 755-3805 

Found black dog with a red collar, please call 
755-8499 

Lost: Green backpack, black straps Lost In 
main gym, checkbook Inside. II found turn rn 
to ree . office or call Dan, 756-5961 

Clark ... 
Continued from Page 3 

developments of Uganda. One of 
the listeners brought up the issue 
by starting thll-t "while ten 
thousand are killed in Uganda the 
same amount are starving to death 
in Africa." Clark agreed with the 
statement. 

The senator ended by saying that 
"human rights should be applied 
everyplace equally as one stan-
dard." 

Schneider ... 
Continued from Page 1 

statement with a call for par-
ticipation. If I have been critical of 
disorganization, abuses and lack of 
commitment, I have, at the same 
time, opened myseH up for the 
same review, And I don't think you 
will find abuse or lack of com-
mitment in External Affairs," 

Recommendations submitted to 
A " E pertaining to Schneider 
included removal from office, 
resignation from the elections 
board, and additionally a catalog 
of complaints and responses about 
Schneider to be distributed 
campus-wide. 

Final recommendations will be 
presented to the Coop on Monday 
night. 


