
Vegetarians 
seek protein 
at UCSD cafes 

by _ .... BeItmd1I 
S&dWriter 
~ 

.r" In previous yean, thOle who 
chose not to eat meat, eitber for 
moral, philosopbical or even 
nutritional reUon8, bad very UttJe 
choice of what to eat wben 
mealtime came, if they were OIl the 
meal plan. n.y eGUId pick at the 
salads and sample the '1 .... bIet 
(those tbIt .-en't poIlallld wkb 
bacon bits), but protein IOUIUI 
were difficult to find. Often tbetr 
diet had to be supplemented by a 
visit to the local bealth food store 
or groc~ store. 

Some vegetarians, the very 
strict ones, still must supplement 
their diets, bat for tbo8e who 
simply abstlin from meat, eating 
safely has been made easier, 
particularly at Muir cafeteria. 
Muir Cafeteria offers vegetarian 
entrees at lunch and dinner, 
although of a rather limited sort. H 
pepperoni pizza i8 on the menu for 
the carnivore, a cheese pm will 
be served to the vegetarian. 
Si.mi1arly, a meatloaf becomes a 
''''Pel kwf," fartiW ., 
products. 

Several new improvements are 
forthcoming by way of a recipe file 
procured from the University of 
Maine, However. Plans are also 
being nurtured fOJ: the inception of 
a vegetarian theme day. For those 
who are interested in improving 
the vegetarian cuisine a cormnittee 
is being formed for the purpose of 
getting student input with regard 
to student vegetarian needs. Those 
interested should contact Willie 
Mitchell at the Muir QUeteria. 

At Revelle, the Revelle Deli 
offers submarine · sandwiches 
made on seven grain bread with no 
meat. They also offer salada and 
various vegetable juices. Future 
plans include the opening of a soup 
and salad bal' with something for 
everyone. 

And in the winter (hopefully) the 
doors of Future Foods wul be 
opening in the Student Center. The 
independenUy run sandwich deli, 
which will be located in Building 
"C", will accept no meal'cards, but 
will offer tasty sandwiches and 
smoothies. The Gnly type of meat 
used in the sandwiches (depending 
on the strictness of one's diet) is 
tuna. 

For those who still need to 
supplement their diets, the many 
health food stores ranging from 
Windmill Farms in Del Mar to the 
Windansea in La Jolla, to the New 
Seed in Pacific Beach, to JB's in 
<lairemont Mesa, may come in 
handy. 

n Photo: Rlcha(d Yokum 
Deeplte the mid-morning scumble for parking spaces. Parking 
Senleee claims that there are more spaces than cars at UCSD. 

Parking space blues 
More spaces than cars 

by Reed Alpert 
AII.istaDt News Ed1&or 

Even ~ you may flnd it 
impossible to seek out a single 
parking space at UCSD, there 
actually are more spaces than cars 
with pellllits. 

Bill Taylor, Assistant Manager 
of Parking Services, estimates that 
there are 6,500 parking spaces in 
the uam lots, five to ten percent 
more than anticipated permit 
sales. However, a problem occurs 
because most of the empty spaces 
are in the Matthews campus lots, 
while most students seek spots in 
the Revelle and Muir lots. 

During the summer, Parking 
Services added one hundred spaces 
to the Revelle lot, hoping this will 
balance the surplus that existed 
last year. In addition, a new lot 
north of the current Muir lots will 
hopefully be ready by December. 
It will be an IAhaped design, 
running west of the Muir overflow 
lot and north of the two existing 
Muir lots. 

The cost of building and main-
taining the parking facUlties is 
paid for by revenue from parking 
meters and pennit sales. '''!be 
state spends no money towards 
parking facilities," said Taylor. 
"They don't consider it to be an 
e~ntial part of education." 

The revenue from parking 
tickets goes to the City of San 
Diego. Half of it is then returned to 
the Business Office at UCSD to be 
used for alternate forms of tran-
sportation. "U<SD.has a ftry 
intensive alternate transportation 
system, encompesetnc vupoall, 
apanded bus routeI, aDd bieJde 
racU CII the baeb of '"-at" saki 
Taylor. 

Tbe iDcoIIIe that the a. ..... 

Taylor said that the alternate 
transportation system is the new 
direction. " People need an 
awareness or what happens when 
everybody drives, one person to a 
car, to work," said Taylor. If 
people would ride busses and 
bikes, the parking problem would 
solve itself, he added. 

Taylor said that off~pus 
parking is under the jurisdiction of 
the City of San Diego, but Parking 
Services has done its own coWlt 
and found an average of 2,000 cars· 
parked around the camPWJ. The 
number of cars parking in 
residential areas has led to the 
posting of two-hour parking signs 
near the campus. 

Government begins: 
Confusion rules talks 

by Eric Jaye 
Staff Writer 

Confusing . . In its first Fall Quarter 
meeting Thursday night the 
Associated Student Government 
(AS) dragged its feet on a lot of 
issues," according to ASUCSD 
President .Jeff Leifer. 

During the course of the four 
hour meeting, the AS acted on a 
number of resolutions. However, 
Leifer termed these, "not terribly 
important. " 

Leifer explained that the failure 
of the AS to deal immediately with 
important issues was not com-
pletely unexpected. He claimed, 
" Any new government needs a 
certain amount of time to develop 
internal structure." 

Thursday night's meeting was 
tenned "confusing" by several 
college representatives because of 
its internal bickering. As Lobby 
Director Phil Isacc explained, " If 
you look at it from just now you see 
a· big mess. But if you look at it as it 
was a couple of months ago, things 
are beginning to clear up." 

Failed to Act 
The AS faUed to act Thursday 

night on a proposed new charter 
for the Communications Board, 
which several experienced ob-
servers considered the most im-
portant item on the agenda. 
Tabling of the motion was due to 
the absence of its author, AS 
Conununications Commissioner 
Dave Eisen. 

In what Leifer called "The most 
important action of the night," the 
AS upheld his veto of The Com-
munications Incentive Fund. The 
Fund, originally included in 
Leifer's budget proposals, was 

called by Leifer a "big mistake on 
myaprt." 

AS Public Relations Director Jon 
Bekken stated in his resolution 
calling for the override of Leifer's 
veto that the fund was "essential in 
order to supplement the budgets of 
certain campus media." Bekken 
indicated during his defense of the 
veto override resolution that the 
budget of the campus newspaper 
The New IDdicator was especially 
inadequate. 

Wblpplag poIt 
Discussing the problem faced by 

the AS, Leifer stated Friday 
morning, "Here we are, the first 
AS in five and a half years, and we 
haven't had a chance to stand on 
our feet yet. We haven't had a 
chance to show that our campaign 
promises were not just rhetoric ." 

Leifer continued, "There is an 
attempt to create an image 
through the press that AS is not a 
functioning body. We are blamed 
for problems every government 
has had ... we are the obvious 
whipping post." 

In the last action of the evening, 
Muir College Representative 
Kevin Eckery and ProJ(ram 
CommIssioner Dan Solitare 
moved to apologize to Student 
Organizations over the recent 
Student Center Board controversy. 
AS officers will vacate office space 
that they had used over the sum-
mer, but which had not been of-
ficially allocated by the Board. 
Responding to Leifer's request, 
Revelle College Representative 
Steve McGirr added an am-
mendment which asks the colleges 
to identify the representatives who 
have the responsibility for 
resolving college objections over 
the student center charter. 

TT Illephoto 

Oftke reeeiftI from I*'IdaI 
tieketa sboald inere... after 
Jabuary 1, .. to a new law ill 
CaUfarnia wbkb pI'OItiII tile 
...... aUon of .. aatamobOl If 
there an outItaDdInC el&atiCIII • 
it. Taylor aakl the Ita .. apedI tile 
new Ie" to lenerate $11 mUliaa in 
IMIditional revenue eacb year. 

",abltcan 5 .. t. Co ....... 1011 .... "moet 1500 people here to San DIego thle weekend, 

AI ........................ . 
with each ... tl .. al .......... Gerald Ford. Ronald Reagan. Se ... tor Sam Hayakawa. and 
(featured In photo) San Diego Mayor Pete Wilson attending. For off-beat story Me page 3. 

In a foreeut for the future, 



,.1 tritOD tiIDe8 

letters to the editor 
Bookstore exploits 'captive market' 

Why is It tbat the University 
Bookstore ia constantly un-
derestimating enroUments and 
understocking tests? Since they 
are anowed to send back estra 
books they have ordered, it Is 
inexcusable that they coosisterjly 
fail to stock an adequate s~ly. 
Books for three of my claues were 
sold out early in the week, 10 I am 

stuck with the inc:oavenience of 
going to the library whenever I 
want to do some worlt. 

Also, before I came here, I a&-
tended a community coUece III 
L.A. where 50% of sellinI price waa 
returned on used boOD in 
reasonable condition, and all boob 
were In sufficient supply. When our 
bookstore offers a whopping 15% 

for books In their generous buy-
back, I have to have some doubts 
as to the objectives and/or c0m-
petency of the people nmning the 
store. U the Booltatore is allowed to 
operate on U~, it should be 
providing service to the students, 
not using them as a captive 
market. 

ANTHONY CANALES 

r----------------~ 
-t THE UCSD : MoPeds are 
: CATHOLIC COMMUNITY t m'adness 
t BIBLE PRA YER GROUP meets... t Tuesdays from DOOD to 12:~, outside at tbe Coffee 
t
t U C ~;'lRrrUALrrY DISCUSSION GROUP meets... tt 

MoDdayS, 7:15 PM - 8:30 PM at tbe Office of 
Religious Aftairs, 507 MC , t S DICE SKATING ... Friday Oct. 7, leave Oturcb at 7:38 , t PM , 

It seems liIte every year there 
are more students at UCSD, and 
this year the walltways seem really 
crowded. One reason is that a few 
bozos insist on mopedl.ng at high 
speed between classes. Well 
mopeders, prepare for the 
backlash. If you won't take to the 
,treets, you might just find a 
broomstick in your spokes ... 

Women's Center protests 
Jack, of coverage 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

lbeAgeof 
Asparagus. 
Fish and fowl and meats and vegetables and fruits 
and wines and bread. You 're going to like the Spice 
Rack. a garden restaurant! 

~ 
A GARDEN REST"UR'!If 

Mission Blvd. Near Grand. Pacific Beach 8 am·2:30 pm and 5 pm·10 pm 

We Need You! 
We need interested .and motivated people 

to work on the following committees: 

Lectures/Poetry 
Oralia/Dance _ 

Music 
Publicity 

Vi!.ual Arts (films and art exhibits) 
* Major Pop Concerts 
~ Small Concerts /Entertainment 

, . 

* Cbalrperson positions available 
Come to the meeting Thurs., Oct. 6, 5:00 PM 
Vice Chancellor's Conference Rm. 
Student Center Building B. 

If interested but unable to attend, call 452·4090 

BIPEDS FOR SANITY 

We were very surprised to see 
that Wednesday's TT front page 
lead story concerned the two 
students who refused to pay their 

times 
UC San Diego 

Voh.De 3%, Number 5 Munday, October 3, 1177 
Alan Russell 

Editor 
Ran Anbar 

Managing Editor 
Lisa Wolpe 

Assistant Managing Editor 
Kitty Robinson 

Copy Editor 

Richard Yokum 
Photo Editor 

Shauna Stokes 
Advertising Manager 

Laura Richter 
. News Editor 

Andy Schneider 
Assistant News Editor 

Reed Alpert 
Assistant News Editor 

Tim MacKenzie 
Arts Editor 

Steve Gould 
Sports Editor 

The Triton Times Is published by UCSO students as the 01ll~1.1 studeni newsPllper. 
Publ,cat,,,!, I. on Monday • • Wednesday. and Fridays during the regul .. school y.a, 
(e.cept on olli~iat holidays). E.ditorla' and business oilioes Ire loc.ed In the Student 
Center at the University of California. San Olego. For editorial. call ~2·3466; for bu.lnes. 
and display adVertising. call452--3~ • 

Letters to the edlta ana opinion columns are w-,comed. All submissions mUlt be typed 
and double-spaced on a 7 .... pace line. They should not exceed H 12 pages tn length. 

Submitted material must bear the name ar,d student Identification number of the author. 
Names can be withheld from publication on request ; ho_ver the names will be held on file 
lor public Inspection. 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of space limitations or 
style requirements. . 

Ent"e contents copyrighl t977 the Triton Times. 

Triton Times 
needs 

typesetters 
'orRen-
byllary 
1418 Camino Del Mar 
(behind L.I. Boutique), 

in Del Mar CALL: 481·0575 

Registraiton Fee. They did this 
because our Student Health 
Insurance plan paid for by Reg Fee 
dollars Includes abortion coverage. 
This should not have been the most 
important story In the paper. A 
women's orientation program took 
place during orientation week of 

. this quarter in which at least one 
hundred women participated. 
These welcome week activities 
were more recent news (the 
abortion conlroversy began late 
this sununer and the women's 
orientation program was just two 
weeks ago), and it Involved more 
students but it was Dever covered 
bytheTI. 

Last Spring Quarter when the 
Feminist Coalition collected 
signatures requesting that Reg Fee 
Include gynecological services 
under the normal health care plan 
instead of charging women an 
extra ten dollars for these services, 
over 1500 students signed petitions. 
These 1500 students never got a 
lead story In the TT. 

Since you did decide to print the 
abortion article as a lead article 
we think it would have been ap: 
propriate to consult the people In 
the Women's Center who were 
active in maintaining abortion 
rights for women last year. 

For all of the reuons stated 
above we believe the editorial 
policy of the Triton Times is not 
representative of the UCSD 
student body. 

If we had been asked about the 
abortion issue our reply would 
have been simple. Women have the 
right to control their own bodies. 
Including abortions In the nonnal 
insurance package does not force 
anyone to use that service. A small 
minority of' students and parents 
should not be anowed to regulate 
and restrict the choices of UCSD 
women. Every woman deserves 
the right to make her own decision 
of whether or not to bear a child. 
Until adequate low cost birth 
control and education about 
particular methods ia widely 
available, abortion is an option 
that mUlt be open to all women and 
their partners. 

PAT DAVIS 
V ANDI LINSTROT ' 

SUSAN KARPINSKI f .... ··~··'~ .. "·· .... ·· ..... ·· ..... · ..... ·~·l 
fCOMMUNlTY1 
,BLOOD BANKt 
, 983 IndJ. ! 
{ 327 F StrNt , 
I PAYSDONORS ) 

f 
. for Service : 

Mon. · Frl. , 
t 233-5411 ~ -
I 234·4601 i 
.................. .,...,..-.,.....~t.& ......... J 

I 

MODday, ()dober I, 1m triton times Pa,eS 

Star-Con and Republican State Convention 
Conventions in San Diego: Vader and Republicans in 78 

A tale oftwo conventions. 
And after wandering the halla of 

both I came away conv'inced there 
isn't much difference between the 
two. 

This past weekend San Diego 
hosted two conventions - the San 
Diego star-Con and the Republican 
Califomla State Convention, held 
in the EI Cortez Hotel and the Town 
and Country Hotel respectively. 

Getting involved with both was 
madness. Getting involved with 
any convention .is madness. M08t 
journa1i.sts are mad. 

• •••• 
I'll blame Stadler. He'. got ink 

print In his blood. He ia already the 
hardened reporter type. He started 
me In on the evil. He continues 
prodding me. 

RINGGGGGGGGGG! 
Yawn. "Year?" 
" Let's go to the Cons, AI." 
"I haven't gotten any sleep, 

Stadier. I've worked 50 hours on 
the paper this week. I've gone to 
one class. I need some freedom. " 

Disappointed silence. I relent. 
" I'n pick you up at noon." 

••••• 

The only thing wrong with San 
Diego Is that there's too much to 
do. Too many good things you want 
to cover. Have press card will 
travel. Have crazy reporter friends 
will travel far - like to San 
Quentin. 

Stadler Is happy, despite a slight 
hangover. His exuberance lasts 
until we arrive at the EI Cortez. 
Then he begins to remember what 
Cons are about. Black framed 
glasses/acned 15 year old Mr. 
Spocks. Portly diminutive 45 year 
old Captain Kirks . Wonder Women 
who somehow did not fill the 
costwnes. And these people run-
ning all about. It's Trick or Treat 
gone wild. Too many Tricks. 

We survey the circus, starting 
with the dealers room. That's 
where the hustling goes on. 
Memorabilia of all sorts for sale. 
The big items are Star Wars and 
Star Trek. Fonowed by Logan's 
Run, Planet of the Apes, Space 1999 
ad infinitum. Glossies, bumper 
stickers, paintings, you name it. 

Si.fting In and out of characters 
(cheap plastic Darth Vaders giving 
autographs, lissome JeMY Agutter 
look alikes, Prin~ess · Leia 
hopefuls ) we survey the rest of the 
offerings, books (some 19508 risque 
pulps complete with women with 
long educated hair and such cat-
ching titles as "The Wife Fac-
tory"), war games, souvenir 
buttons, comic books and posters. 
We ask several vendors how 
business is . "Not bad." 

We check out· some art work. A 
heavy eyes us suspiciously. He 
looks at my camera. "No pit-
chers," he said. I look around for 
some ball'9layers. "Come again?" 
I said. "No pitchers." He points to 
my camera. 

We look at the paintings. The guy 
didn't have to worry about me 
taking pictures. Pitchers. 

The rest of the eltp8ll8e of the El 
Cortez calia us. We check out the 
offerings. A "Planet of the Apes" 
movie. Stadler: ''no.'' A room \ 
where some science fiction 
notables speak. I watch from a 
high "official" booth. Even Stadler 
won't follow me. A woman, 
thinking me official, asks me to 
make an announcement. I nod 
confidently. 

Two minutes later another 

WANTED 

Blllnpal Secretary 
Preferably 

Spanish Enallsh 
for 

Immiaration Law Office. 
T et 454-0303 

woman approaches me. She ia 
wearing a TreItlde outfit with 
decoUage neckline. She shouldn't 
have been. " Are you a go-fer?" abe 
asks. 

" What'. a go-fer?" 
"U you don't know what a ~er 

is, you're certainly not one." 
"Thank God. " 
We look for more excitement. 

&adler ia disillusioned by tbis 
time. "It'. not like a Comic-Con," 
he said. '''!be class just 1111 't here. " 

We wallt the halla, our aearch not 
that of Dlogenes. I keep 1lo~1n& 
costumed people trying to 
photograph them with a Polaroid. 
Though the pictures develop In 15 
seconds I'm the world's worst 
photographer. Not one clear shot. 
Stadler surveys my efforts with 
disgust. 

"No photos for the paper." 
I 100It at the shots. " What about 

thiaone?" 
A derisive chuclt1e. 
" All right, so it isn't exacUy a 

m .. keteer. We could say it's 'nle 
Blob." 

There was more. But it didn't 
improve. You can only take 10 
much Insanity. I thought. 

••••• 

We were lost trying to get to the 
Town and Country. I spotted a 
Cadillac and followed it. It led us to 
the Republicans. 

Republicana--Russell ' s 
deflnitlon--"Stralght ties." I 
thought. But no. We arrived and I 
had to look twice to make sure we 
weren't back at the star-Con. 

You see, it was all a little 
strange. 

Booths lined the pathways to the 
Convention Center. Instead of Star 
Wars we saw Panama Canal. Ev &' 
Mildred '78 Instead of Star Trek 
lives. And Pete for Governor in-
stead of Darth Vader. 

Stadler began to get the shakes. 
The insanity had just begun . 
A man accosts stadler. "Don't 

you want , to keep the Panama 
Canal?" 

"Hen, no," said stadler. "What 
would I want with the canal?" 

"Conununiat." 

I snicker. "Did you hear what 
that man called you?" 

"No." 
"A Conununist." 
Stadler is offended. 
Aa for the atmosphere, it was 

deja vu time. stadler elucidated on 
it. "The key word for this is 
husUe." 

"Ilke the Star-Con?" 
"No. It's more devious and 

pervasive. The Star·Om was pure 
capitalism. Open. Profits pure and 
simple. This (he points to a room of 
posters and elephant key chains 
and GOP is Tops statlonairy) Is 
more insidious." 

After getting press credentials 
we wander more. We draw some 
glances. I, In worn cords, UCSD 
faded surfer shirt and beach-
wa1lters, Stadler, in Jeans, T-fihirt 
and sneakers, In an atmosphere of 
$300 suits and fancy dresses. 

Stadler is pragmatic. "Let's find 
a hospitality suite. I need a drink." 
So we searched. It wasn't like 
election night where drinIts Dowed 
freely. Instead, the hospitality 
suites featured literature of the 
candidates. Not a coke' to be found. 

"I'll never vote Republican 
again," V1)WS Stadler. 

We see a sign directing us to the 
Young Republicans hospitality 
suite. We search for an oasis and 
find some quicksand. Into suite 
1315 we go. Stadler insists I lead. 
"OIicken. " 

Inside we find the Young 
Republicans. Their dress seems 
more strange than the outfits at the 
star-con. They all resemble old 
Republicans. Suits , gestures. 
Stadler couldn't take it. "I've got to 
leave," he says. I find him 
collapsed on a stairway. 

"Young Republicans frighten me 
most of all ." 

"Why?" 
"When you're young you've got 

to be at least slightly radical. I 
can't figure out these people. I've 
tried." 

We make one more stop before 
attending a press conference with 
Senator Hayakawa. A man named 
CUrb is running for Lieutenant 

Don'~ buy anything 
in 14K Gold 

till 'you've seen 
A NEW OUTDOOR JEWE LRY STORE 
1261 Prospect Street La Jolla 

(Next to Alfonso's Restaurant) 
459·4788 

11 AM · 10 PM Every Day 

Governor. I pick up one of his 
buttons. It reads: CURB Crime. 
" Well, I guess it beats CURB Your 
Dog,"Isay. 

Stadler grunts. 
And then the press conference. 

We move Into the official press 
headquarters . A mean looking 
Republican official lackey stops 
us. He surveys our badges. 

"What is the Triton Times?" he 
asks sarcastically. 

"What is the Republican party?" 
I countered. We almost didn't get 
In. At least he didn't l8y pitchers. 

The press conference itself is 
Interesting. Hayakawa's speech is 
fwmy . The reporters ' questions are 
fwmier . And then it's over. So we 
leave. 

w'aq,ted 
Independent competent person to 
be secretary to Reg Fee Committee 
(a student group). Must be able to 
type and have work study award . 
Apply thru student employment . 
Enjoy flexible work schedule . 
$4 .18 / hr. For more info call x481O. 
Ask for Ann . 

"Should we wait for Reagan ?" 
asks Stadler. 

On cue we both left the con-
vention . 

And thinking back, I jarble the 
people. the orators, the thoughts, 
the characters, and everything 
involved with both conventions. 

Doing so is not difficult. I think 
all conventions should be one. 

The hwnan comedy. 
-Altm Russell 

XEROX 
COPIES 

2~:. 
minimum 

~~ COLO,! XEROX 
SOc Each 

160t SI.th A.onu. 35c dupl icates 
231·1618 

OPEN 1:30 I .m.· to p.m. M·F 
Saturday. & Sunaay. I~S 

T 

(formerly 

459-1331 CHOP 
MEAT 

CHARLIES 
WEST of Gr .. t Neck. N.Y.) 

If you've never had a Chop Meat 
Charlie. Burger. you've Never h.d • 
hamburger. 

Open 8 ..... '_1. Lunch Ina Dinner 
8002 Girard Ave. at PI'C)8 ct. La Jon •. C •. 92037 

HAVE 

rAE 
NAILS 

YOU'VE . 

ALWAYS 

WANTED 

43.7689 

now 
open 

ONE NAIL DONE FREE 
s .. _ dlff_nce 

511 1.t St. 1101 ) 
Encintt. •• c •. 

Office of University Events present.: 

~----------------~ 

Friday, 
October 7 
7 P.M. and 
9:30 P.M. 
Mandeville 
Auditorium 
81.25 ~~ 

~ ·1 
- .. .'b.<.O'" r rn . ..o 

Box Office · ~2-4lJ59 



..... tritOB ti.es MaMay, Odober t lt77 

G'obriel's first s'olo work Album not the best 
liNd>" to latest Yes 

CWq ..... OM· Yes 
stands out as this year's surprise 

(Atlantic) 
In their letter clays, Yes was 

one ~ thE- !DOlt o .... nding 
b.nda in the world. They 
combined squeaky clean 
cluaical tectmq.. with the 
llgbt beaned elan ~ the best 
rock and manaaed to produce 
millie that wu a refreshing 
change from the staid aound.s ~ 
the early Seventies. 

These days, Yes have become 
staid themselves. Since the 
release ~ their Oo.e to the 
Edge albwn, the first release 
where they took a chance and 
extended a single track which 
__ well paaaed the three 
minute limit, they've taken 
themselves to be artists in the 
upper ca.,e. a..e to the Edge 
was a critical and conunercial 
success, and the band, in its 

self~ongratulatory glee, took 
this to signify the road they 
must take . Their miasioo in life 
had changed. They ' must be 
serious, they must transcend 
the concerns fo the 
materialistic rock world, and 
they must make music for the 
ages. 

Following this decision, their 
music became more W18p-

proachable by degrees. Gone 
were the simple bits of melody 
they used to build up .-0 grand 
designs for their ioIInmental 
prowess. In ita place came long, 
long, long compoeiUona ~ 
pretentious v.lue, crammed 
with arbitrary time cbanies, 
jwnp cut rhythms, tone poem 
atmospherics and other clutter 
that made the material more 
work than it was worth. Yes had 
gone head first into complexity, 
or their idea of it, sacrificing 
Wlity, cohesion. substance and 
accessibility in the bargain. 

One hoped that Yes would 
realize that their art-consclous 
grandstanding was empty 
dramaturgy and return to their 
earlier style. GolDe For 'I1Ie 
ODe, their first release in two 
years, dashes such hopes . 
Though their instrwnental work 
is as good as it's ever been • 
Steve Howes' classical·jazz 
guitar styHzations, Chris 
Squire's seamless bass playing, 
Rick Wakeman's tactful 
classical over tones, Alan 
White's even-baooed percussion 
- none ~ it makes any dif-
ference . GoIDg sounds like an 
act of desperation. 

[CoaUnuedonpage 5] 

lIKrease your 

Chris Walsh, 
Engfneering 
"It's really boring to read the way 
most people are taught. This way, 
you look at a page of print-you 
see the whole page. It s greatf' 

Jenl Malam, John Futch, Jim Creighton, Rlchanl St. Laurent. 
Student Low Student Student Teacher 
'" had C's in high school. "With 60 briefs a week, the "It's easy. Once you '" was skeptical, but now I'm 
After Evelyn Wood Reading average student takes all week know how to do it, it's reading around 2300 words a 
Dynamics, I was able to prepare for class, In an super easy!" minute. Puts you that much 
to maintain an A average:' evening, I'm finished:' ahead of everyone else:' 

All it takes is one free lesson and you can zip through homework a lot faster. In fact, 
you can cut your study time almost in half! Hard to believe? Put us to the test. Come 
and discover the secrets to easy speed reading, better concentration, greater 

compreh~nsion . These copyrighted techniques, taught in over 300 cities throughout the 
U.S. No gifJ1micks. No obligation. It's easy. It's fun . It works. ' 

Get It while It's freel 
MISSION VAllEY 

HOLIDAY INN 
595 Hotel Circle South 

TM 

TODAY AND TOMORROW 
5:300R8:00PM 

LA JOLLA 
SUMMER HOUSE INN 

7955 La Jolla Shore Drive 

CHULA VISTA 
ROYAL INN 
632 EStreet 

~ EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS 
() ::ODy"Qnl '9'6 E vN.,.n Wf)()(j R .,filM Ovr\t,ml '~' Inc 

By 
Ted Ham BarR 

c.trIbadIII EdItor 
Peter Gebriel· (Atco) 

Solo albums have rarely been 
well sprinp of great muaic, 10 
Peter Gabriels' find adventure 
without his former band, Genesis, 
comes as the surprise ~ the year. 

Ai first 10Gk, Peter GMrIeI bas 
all the ear marks of being another 
stupendously grandiose and 
ultimately pointless exercise in 
vain glorious self assertion, but a 
listen to the disc quells those 
suspicions at once. Gabriel, who 
wrote most of the music, all of the 
lyrics, did the arrangements and 
handles all the vocals through 
multiple overdubvs, is an artist ~ 
considerable talent with an ab-
solute grasp on what he wants to 
do. His melodies are rich and 
inunensly singable, and at odd 
moments twist aOO tum into new 
nuances, adding an astoundtng 
dynamic range that's bealKifully 
organic. Gabriel displays an 
awesome talent for synthesizing 
myriad musical strains, from 
Boston Pops classicism, slow 
blues, barbersmp quartet hare 
monies, hard rock, to show stopper 
balladry, often fusing them in the 
course of the same song with the 
seamless touch of the best 
cosmetic surgeon. 

More amazing than the facility . 
with which Gabriel uses these 
varied approaches is his ability to 
capture the requisite mood and 
emotionalism of each. "Moribudd 
the Bergenneister", the opening 
track and the song most closely 
related to Gabriels' association 
with the art rock Genesis, is 
heavily text ... ed with synthesizer 
and other sound console 
manipul.tion with Gabriel's 
singing being suitably detached 
and aVlllt garde u the lenre 
dictates, yet tbe out sonl, 
"Solabury IUD" chances tad 
entirely. Acoustic pltus bnndiab 
a g.lloping, repeated coo-
fiCW'alion, and Gabriela' voice 
stRfts gears effortleuly, enlivening 
the lyrics iwth a luddly vivict 
reading. He does this tbrouihout 
the course ~ the album, going 
from one reference point to ~ 
next, supplying neat segues and 
transitions. The album is hard to 
categorize musically, but it's a 
mistake to call it a mixed bag. The 
songs maintain a magical 
mellifuous flow united by the 
adaptable cogency of Gabrieis' 
voice. 

[Continued on page 10] 

ThouundI ..• Of 
P..,.,bIck. 

..... d 

All 112"'" 
10c to S1.00 
or "edt 2 for 1 

CI .... 
Ben Sell.,. 
Romlnce. 

My.tlrill 
Sci.nce Fiction 
".AII 
Imported greeting cards. 
postcards. gift wrap and 
posters. 
"M.rc:e15churman" exclusIvely. 

Open until 9 PM 
737 Peart·Sultt 101 

InelCt to the Soup bch ..... ) 

triton times 

Loud and fast new punk rock 

INew Wave' Zeros No washout 
by MIkel Toembs 

The Zeros have been called 
"LA's hottest new wave band." 
They have been labelled "LA's 
answer to the Ramones" and even 
"the Mexican Ramones," neither 
of which is accurate. While they 
share the Ramones' phUosophy ~ 
a lightning~ast, straight.oead 
sound, the end product is quite 
different. The Zeros have two 
guitars to the Ramooes' one and 
unlike the New 'York band they 
actuallY have solos. And they 
aren't even from Los Angeles-
they're from San Diego, althougb 
few local residents are aware of it. 
yet. 

The Zeros are easily one of the 
cOWltl'y'S YOWlgest significad new, 
wave banda. Guitarist Robert 
Lopez, bassist Hector Penalosa 
and drummer Karton "Baba" 
Cllenelle are all still in high school, 
and the baoo's oldest member, 
guitarist and lead vocalist Javier 
"Spunk" Escovedo, is only 19. 

The Zeros play "loud and 'all 
punk rock," the soft-spoun 
Escovedo explained, "but we're 
not punks." It is indeed hard to 
think of any of the Zeros as being 
called "pWlks." They seem to have 
directed their considerable . 
energies into their music, rather 
than into pushing their cause by 
"making the scene" or trying to 
act outrageous. Nor have they felt 
it necessary to get a manager to do 
any pushing for them. "We've 
gotten pretty far without one," 
Lopez said. " If we left California it 
would help a little bit. like if we 
were to go to New York it might 
come in handy, but I don't think we 
really need it that much." 
Escovedo agreed. "They call us 

Yes.. 
Continued from Page « 

instead of us having to go out there 
and asking if we can play. So we've 
been pretty lucky." Although the 
band baa played in Los Angeles 
and San Francisco, their concert 
this Saturday at the Adams Avenue 
1beater will be their first local 
appearance, because, as Escovedo 
succinctly put it, Previously 
"nobody asked US ." . 

The Zeros' first single was 
recently released on Bomp 
Records, a small Los Angeles 
record company devoted mostly to 
new wave acts. The single consists 
of the highiy-energetic "Don't 
Push Me Around," featuring a 
menacing vocal that more than 
lives up to the song's title, backed 
with an outstanding putdown song 
called "(You're Just A) Wimp." 
Both songs were written by 
Escovedo and ably produced by the 
entire group . Their next single will 
be "Beat Your Heart Out," a Lopez 

song that was produced by Cl'llig 
Leon, noted for his avant-gard 
style of recording some · of New 
York's biggest bands. Leon has 
said that the singles by the Zeros 
and the L.A. band the Weirdos 
were the two best things he'd ever 
produced, but the Zeros obviously 
don't agree. "He did Richard Hell 
and he did Blondie and all that 
stuff," Lopez said, "and he comes 
out with this creepy stuff." 

The Zeros should have litUe 
cause to worry, though. With their 
debut single selling nearly 2,1MXl 
copies in the first week after its 
release, an upcoming mention 
in Creem magazine, and 
headlining appearances in San 
Diego on Saturday and in San 
Francisco later this month, they 
have achieved remarkable success 
so far. And for good reason-their 
name notwithstanding, the Zeros 
are really something. 

The material, again stretched 
to the breaking point, sounds 
slap-dash and rushed, with 
fragments of ideas and poin· 
tless ensemble tangents spliced 
together to give the iliusion of a 
structural whole. All this frantic 
activity results only in a traffic 
jam of contrary sOWlds and 
intentions, at times creating an 
Wlappetizing cacophony. 

The Zeros (left to right); Robert Lopez, Javier Escovedo. Hector 
Penalosa, and Saba Chenelle. 

One knows that it's within 
Yes ' power to do better. 
However, the likelihood of Yes' 
material improving is slim 
Wlless the spirit moves them to 
change their style. 

-Ted Navin Burke 

HAIRSHAPES' 
Precision cutting in a 
relaxed atmosphere 

4288 CASS STREET • 
PACIFIC BEACH 

by appointment 
488-3716 

HOW ·ABOUT SOME ART FOR THE FALL? 
Open classes: 

Vis. Arts 1070: 'Representational Sculpture T -TH 9-11:50 
Pre.req: 107 A & 1 additional UD sculpture or consent of instructor. 

Newton Harrison 's classes will work with clay modeling, plaster casting from live 
models/ often combining this with found objects, photography and drawing. 
Vis. Arts 107B: Intermediate Sculpture MW 9'-11:50 

Pre-req: ~07 A or consent of instructor 
Lloyd Hamro! will work with both very large and ve!'y small scale from environmental 
to intimate/ addressing questions of audience, content and economics. 

Vis. Arts 188: Hard Look at the Movies T -TH 4-6:50 
Jonathan Rosenbaum, Instructor. A non-clinical course on paranoia. 20 rarely seen 
films to be discussed in relationship to Thomas Pynchon's "Gravity's Rainbow." 
Vis. Arts 115R: Gothic Art in Italy MW 12-1:30 

Instructor: Darrell Davisson 

Vis. Arts 115S: Early Medieval Art MW 9·10:20 

Other lower division and upper division classes still open -
See Visual Arts office - 214 Mandeville Center to sign up. 

Moaday, October 3, lf17 

Engineers: 
Find out about 

the Nuclear Navy. 
If you think you have the abi lity and desire to 
master nuclear engineering, the Navy's Nuclear 
Propulsion Program has openings for about 
200 outstanding college graduates. There's a 
Navy Recru iti ng Officer ready to give you all the 
detai Is on how you can become someone special 
in the new Navy. 

INTERVIEWSWlll BE CONDUCTED 
ATTHE UCSDPlACEMENTOFFICE 
BYTHE NAVY INFORMATION TEAM 

OCT 11-12 9AM · 3PM 
SEE YOU R PLACEM ENT OFFI CE FOR 

FURTHER INFORMATION 
OR CAll 

LCDR JIM MUNSTERMAN 293·6444 

••••••••••••••••••• 

• JI • • ••• ~~~ § ••• 
:. &--\(:.§Tl?A '-Va I .~ 

••• &')()- \ ': U-\'t.;, ••• 
: ()~ t! : 
• Vour daytime • 
• Lunch Served Mixologist - : 
: 11:30 a.m. Wanen Higgins • 
• to 2:00 p.m. Bar open 10a.m . • 
: Try Chef Gene'. to 2 a.m. : 
• dally epeelal. Alwaya playing • 
• Dinner Served rec:ordInge of the • 
: 5 p ... to 10 p.m. ... BaDd Era. : 
• ~NmeRlb, 454-2313 • 
• Steak and Seafood. _ IJ;"c. ~ : 
•• c:/' c;.;;;> • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

WAS GLOBAL 
CATASTROPHE CAUSED BY 
EXTRATERRESTRIAL 
INTERVENTlON?--=_~ 
Immanuel Velikovsky, one 
althe greatest scientists 01 
our time , gives startling , 
geological evidence to • 
support his revolution-
ary theory that the dis-
asterous cataclysms 
which rocked our planet 
and destroyed entire civil· 
izations were brought about 
by incredible lorces outside 
the world itself. 

II IUEl 
VEUKaY 
.... or of WORLDS II COWSIOI 

$1.95 81~ 

i?oCKETBOOKs 



PIle' triton times triton times Page 7 

1110' day 
a:3Oam-4:~ Sian up for Muir Q)llege Advanced Writinl Eum to be given Qct. 10, urn. 

Information at 1254 IlL. All week. 
8am~ WRITING CIJNIC - Help with course papers:For appointment call 452-~. Held at 

1254 IlL. Free. 
12-4pn and ll-llpm OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 4010, USB. Math 

and Physics tutoriDI in room to7O, USB. For furtber information call s3760. 
11noon-Spm "Tbe Formative Years", a group graduate art show coll8i8ting fI. paintings 

drawings, pbcJtolrapby and video. By Marge Dean, Heidi Hardin, Laraine Meatman and Brad 
Stansberg. Location: The Other Gallery - HL Room 1200. Free. Monday night openini at 7pm. 
3:~m COED INNERTIJBE WATERPOLO MEETINGS. Team Sign-upe, Rec Conference Rocm 

(RecGym). 
4: ~ Theoretical Solid State Physics Seminar 

Speaker: Dr. Martin B. Fogel, UCSD 
Topic: Solitons in Quasi/One-Dimenaional Conducton 
Location: HL Uta 
4:~ OOEDVOLLEYBALL. TeamSign-ups. Rec Conference Room (RecGym). 
5: ~ Communications Student Union meeting. Nomination for chairpersons. P!annlng events 

for the year; Communicatlona Lounge, MCC 133. 
&pm First SId nub meeting. Hear 01 the year's trip and committee formation. Rec. Conference 

Room. 
7pm Women's center general meeting. We will organize staffing fI. center and plan upcoming 

events. ALL WOMEN WELCOME! Women's Center, Student Center Complex. 
7: 15-8: ~ DiscWlSion on Spirituality Today sponsored by UCSD Catholic Community. Office 01 

Religious Affairs, MC 507. 
7 :»-9:~ Women and Careers: "Where She Leads We Will Follow" lecture series beld at the 

International Center. Sponsoring organization/department Warren CollegelPsycb Services. 
&pm Associated Studetns Free Film Series. Free movies "Nosfuratu" and "Count Dracula". 

Shown in Building "C", Student Center Complex. 
g:.Upm Backgammon in the Muir 5" Dime Coffeehouse. Free. 

Flipper in Hipper, two Killer Whales get high naturally. IT tile photo 

tuesday 
B:3Oam-4:~m Sign up for Muir College Advanced Writing Exam to be given Oct. 10 1977 

Infonnation at 1254 HL. All week. . ,. 
9am-5pm WRITING CUNIC - Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. Held at 

1254 HL. Free. 
12noo~-12 : 45prn Bible Prayer Group, sponsored by UCSD Catholic Community. Coffee Hut -

outside. Free. • 
12noo~-1~ Contraceptive Education Session: Informational discUSSion; all must attend to 

receive birth cpntrol exams. No appt. necessary, located in conference room at Student Health 
Center. 452-2;6 •. 

12-4pm ~d 6-9 ;>m. O~IS Clinic Help -Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, USB. Biology and 
Cherrustry tl tormg m room 4010, USB. For further information call x3670. 

12noon:5pm "The Formative. Years", a group graduate art show consisting of paintings, 
draWIngs, pt,otography and Vl~. By Marge Dean, Heidi Hardin, Laraine Mestman and Brad 
Stansberg. L , calton : The OUIt:r Gallery -HI. Room 1200. Free. 

1 : ~2 : 5Opm 'W COURSE - Department of History. History 190A: History of Science. TIle first 
quarter COOl ems the history of physical science from megalithic astronomy to CopernicUs and 
from pre~ r"tic thought to the late medieval attack on Aristotelian physics. USB 405OA. 

2 :~m Solid :;tate PhYSics Seminar 
Speaker : Dr. Paul Allen, U~D 
Topic : Superionic Conductivity and Order-Disorder Transitions in RbAg4IS and AgI 
Location : AP&M 2250 . 

00prn Dr. Vivian Teichberg, Instltut Pasteur: Interaction of Acetylcholine Receptor with a 
Pbosphorylating-Dephosphorylatlng System. Host: Dr. Inder Verma. Small Seminar Room 
Salk Institute. . 

7pm !Ielp start a responsible non-partisan student newspaper. Come to the organizational 
meetmg of the UCSD Forwn. East Conference Room Student Center 

7 : ~m Foreign Students Organizational Meeting. Int~mational Cente~. 
9-11pm Great live entertainment in the Muir 5" DIme Colfeehouse. Tonight - Lloyd Thacker. 

Free. 

W at's 011 10/3 ,;10/9 
a weekly guid campus eveQts 

wedqesday ~ursday 
8:3Oam-4:3Opm Stgn up for Muir College Advanced Writing EDm to be given Oct. ' 3Opm Sign up for Muir College Advanced Writing Exam to be given Oct. 10, 1977. 

Information at 1254 HL. All week. at 1254 HL. All week. 
9am-5pm WRITING CLINIC - Help with course papers. For appointment call 462-2522. WRITING CLINIC - Help with course papers. For appoinbnent call 452-2522. Held at 

1254 HL. Free. Free. 
10am-2pm Fres!man Elections for Warren College Studebl Gov't. Fresbman reps Freshman Elections for Warren College Student Gov't. Freshman reps. elected to 

WCSG boards. Location outside Warren Q)llege Res. Hall oIfice and Revelle Plaza. Outside Warren College Res. Hall Office and Revelle Plaza. 
12n00n AMES 205, Seminar No.4, Film Series. Film: "Mechanics 01 Fluids: Introduction "The Formative Years", a group graduate art show consisting of paintings, 

Study of Fluid Motion" 7104 Urey Hall. Free. photography and video. By Marge Dean, Heidi Hardin, Laraine Mestman and Brad 
12n00n-lpm Contraceptive Education SessIon: Informational discuaaion' all must Location: The Other Gallery -HL Room 1200. Free. 

receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary., located in conference ~ at Sl1lldeJlt 6-9pm OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 4010, USB. Math 
Center _ 452-2889. PhysiCS tutoring in room 4070, USB. For fw1her information call x3760. 

12-4pm and 6-9pm OASIS Clinic Help _ Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, USB. :5Opm NEW COURSE, Depariment of History. History l!1OA: History of Science. The first 
<lternistry tmoring in room 4010, USB. For further information call1l37llO. ocncerns the history of physical science from megalithic astronomy to Copernicus and 

12noon-Spm "'!be Formative Years", a group graduate art show consisting fI. pre-Socratic thought to the late medieval attack on Aristotelian physiCS. USB 405OA. 
drawings, photography and video. By Marge Dean, Heidi Hardin, Laraine Meatman and Dr. Richard Thompson, Professor of Psychobiology, University of California, Irvine: The 
Stansberg. Location: The Other Gallery _ HL Rocm 1200. Free. for tbe EDgnm. Host: Dr. Floyd Bloom. Small Seminar Room. Salk Institute. 

I-I :~m NEW OOURSE History 110: I&tory m Modem Japan, 18111-1945. Tbia courae _. __ " .. Astrophysics-Space PhysiCS Seminar 
the political, social, intellectual, and economic problems 01 Japan'. modern Speaker: Dr. Taeil Bai, Goddard Space Flight Center 
rise to world power In the period from the Meijl Restoration H __ ..... World War n. Topic: Solar Hard X-Rays IlIrSS .... v.... U>cation: TLH 104 

3: ~m ~ED FLOOR H~Y MEETING. Team Slgn-upe, Rec Conference Room (Ree Is the University bringing you down? Come to the Progressive Coalition's first meeting of the 
4pm Olrlstian Science Organization Testimony meeting. Student Office, Argo Hall. . East Conference Room, Student Center Complex. 
4pm COED TEAM TENNIS MEETING. Team ~I .. ~,;ps, Rec-Q)nference Room CRee Gym). Pre-(!onference meeting for members of S.A.T.C.H. and all concerned people. Lounge 

ColI OH6'rlO Room, Student Center. 
4pmSpe oqulum A tribute to CHE GUEVARA (II). Films: "Che", "Miguel Enriquez-The Color of Blood" 

alter: Dr. William Frazer, UCSD "Tupamaros!". TLH 107. Free. 
;:~~::U~~ Real? "Our Biblical Roots: Old Testament," 2nd session of 10-week series on "Our Christian 

&pm A.A.S.A. meeting (Asian American Student Alliance). All Interested people " led by campus Pastor John Huber. University-Conunooity Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores 
discuss upcoming events. East Conference Room oUhe Student Center. Disco Night - Come dance with us to your favorite music, it's going to be GREAT! In the 

6-8pm Ouistian Fellowship Dinner - Interdenominational Supper (5Oc) followed by 5 & Dime. Free. 
discussion. University-Community Olurch, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr., west of Urey Hall. 

7prn UCSD Sea-Deucer Scuba Club - beginning of year meeting. Inc. elections of new d 
policies and spaghetti dinner. Rec. Conf. Room. • 

7pm Cars leave from University-Community Church for the Old Miasion San Diego rl ay 
ecumenical panel on the "Venice Statement". Meet for transportation at ' 
Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

7pm E.A.B. meeting. It's our introductory meeting. If you're interested in getting InVfl,lvpt!. 
social-service (and fun) organization, this is your chance. 4th Floor Lounge Blake 

7pm Women's Rap Group - All women welcome. We will choose topics at'the group. wor"ll-5om STATE CONFERENCE OF HEALTH CAREERS AND GENERAL HEALTH IN-

The Central Ubrary staircase creates. dizzying pattern as It spiral, downward. 

Center, Student Center Complex. Th' 7:30pm A tribute to CHE GUEVARA (I). Film "Bay 01 Pigs." TIB 107. Free. TION. IS event will include free screenings on Saturday, October 8,1977. For more 
afonnation call 452-3547 or 452-4170. Location: Student Center. Free. 

Bpm A UCSD-ACLU (American Ovil Uberties Union) meeting. TIle planning 01 the Sign up for Muir College Advanced Writing Exam to be given Oct. la, 1977. ~ghts ~mphlet; d~usaion on the distribution of the information inside the pamphlet. at 12M HL. All week. • L-____________________________ ___ 
disCUSSIOn 01 the movie "Clockwork Orange." East Conference Room Student Center Signal Processing Seminar, Dr. Cho, Dept. of Radiology, UCSD, "3-d Image B:~m German Club meeting featuring Alan Mitchell, UCSD Prof~r of History on Applied To Position Radionucleide Tomogrpahy." 321B, 2A. 
CUlture. Beagle Apartment. ,wRITING CLINIC ~ Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. Held at 12noon-lpm Noon Concert with "Impulse." Lower Muir Commons. Free. 

9-11pm Hoot Night _ Open to all to perfonn and listen in the Muir 5 & Dime. Free. Free. 12noon-4pm OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tut~ring in room 4010, USB. Math and 

can resist all that free liberal 
Such a weekend. ~y head 

K. Wally Koalumn not stop granulating for the fe w days. 
put on my best student disguise 
went with the AS President to the 

politics, but every king of student 
government and activist of student 
organizations was there. Even an 
unknown person or two. At least Mark 
S. was invited to this party. He got 
very plastered in honor of the 
Chancellor. 

Wouldn't you know it, K. Wally has 
gone ~ to the tippy top of the highest 
tree and refuses to come down until he 
starves. It's a regular vow of silence. 
Late last night a IT reporter fOood 
this note at the bottom of K. Wally's 
eucalyptus tree: "I hereby refuse to 
talk, not until full representation has 
been granted to my koallege on the 
student center board. Everybody's 
got an office but me. I want my own 
key, damn it! As an uncoRSulted 
defender of the rights of my koallege, 
I demand a fuil apology from the AS 
Vice President. I'm not goi.,g to leaf 
until everything is all right. 

"And another thing that ticks me off , 
Is Sonny the Bear (the one who lives in 
Muir Apt. L-4). It seems that I have 
been nominated for school mascot. 
Sonny got the Muir CoUege Council to 
put me on the ballot for their October 

p,ancE~ llor 's cocktail party in honor of 
new UCSD faculty members. 
S. and I didn't get an invitation, 
blended in just like I was a 
~embler of the crowd. I wore my grey 

tie, and white shirt. I brought 
my UCSD telephone directory 
I wouid tell who was who. H.H. 

there, but nobody rec~ 
either. He was out 01 his jogging 
peeked inside the University 

Jfa,Oll.Sle. With 80 many important 
always trooping through I 
where they keep the dirty 
When a koala hasn't cleaned 
a week or two he just moves 

a new tree. But, I guess if I had a 
election. To be a rah rall is million dollar tree I would want to 
worse than death. They just it too. 
leave a journalist alone. I when I was running out of 
bothered. I was perfectly ~lOru,a things to say, the student party 
pushing the vanpool program. to the house of Marsha H., Ann 

"Everyone spent the first two hours 
exclaiming ... Oh what a nice house ... 
(but, who would have the gall to say 
anything else) ... besides you had to 
leave 25 cents in the hat by the door. 
Anything that charges an admission 
must be worth looking at. 

"Nobody sent my any questions this 
week ... the joke is on you. I get paid 
for the koalumn, but I don't have to 
work at finding any answers. The only 
thing that came into the office was 
written by one ofthe TT editors ... And 
this dummy wants to know ... Who is 
Darth Vader and who does the voice? 
Everybody who is anybody has been 
to Star Wars at least eight or nine 
times at the bear minimum (lousy 
poo). The actor is James Earl Jones 
and the voice is that of David Prowse. 
I should know, the woolde and I are 
slightly related (third co.usins once 
removed). " Andy S. will try to drag me K., and Kim G. Such a 

college picnics, dances, and event. Ann wouldn't talk -K. Wally Bear 
boring . .. boring ... boring ... JUJr-----------------------......, 
worse than taking O-(!hem 
chern all in one quarter. 
Wally Bear P.S. Change 
before I starve. 

"Uttle does anyone know, but 
the weekend I snuck down 
tree. Over drinks at the Bnlts~:e~ 
Bob D. once told me that 
of life is "to be smarter 
average bear." 1be foois 
was starving In a tree, but I 
to party. 

"Nothing replaces e 
leaves as a vice to get you na~'PYI. 

Physics tutoring in room 4070, USB. For further infonnation callx3760. 
12noon-5pm "The Fonnative . Years", a group graduate art show consisting of paintings, 

drawings, photography and video. By Marge Dean, Heidi Hardin, Laraine Mestman and Brad 
Stansberg. Location : The Other Gallery - HL Room 1200. Free. 

I-1:50pm NEW COURSE History 180: History of Modem Japan, 1868-1945. This course examines 
the political, social , intellectual, and economic problems of Japan's modem transfonnation and 
rise to world power in the period from the Meiji Restoration Urrough World War II. Lecture 
H&SS 1106. 

3pm Anyone interested in forming a " Filipino Club" cOme to this meeting, and give your ideas 
and opinions. SAAC/ AASA office Bldg. "A", Student Center Complex. 

3pm Philosophy Department Colloquium. Professor Mark Wilson, Philosophy, UCSD, "Stuck 
With Grue?:' Revelle Fonnal Loooge. 

Bpm UCSan Diego Extension class - "Teaching Sign Language to the Chimpanzee: An Evening 
with Allen and Beatrice Gardner. Held in Room 2100, Basic Science Bldg., School of Medicine, 
Matthews CamPIIS. Fee $5, regular; $2.50 students with valid I.D. 

9-11pm Come play poker with us in the Muir 5 & Dime Coffeehouse. Free. 

saturday 
Bam-5pm STATE CONFERENCE OF HEALTH CAREERS AND GENERAL HEALTH IN-

FORMATION. This event will include free screenings. For more information cali 452-8547 or 452-
4170. Location: Student Center. Free. 

2-8pm Beach Party and Barbeque at Scripps Pier Beach for Warren College students; groups will 
form at Warren Residence Halls to jog, walk, bike, or ride in vans to the beach; mellow 
rock/folk guitar mllSic will be provided. Scripps Pier Beach. Free to Warren Students. 

5pm Catholic Mass. University-Community Church 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
l~m Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

sUl1day 
B :3Oam Catholic Mass. Universlty-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla S_lores Drive. 
lOam Lutheran Matins Service with sennon by Campus Pastor John Huber and University 

Church Choir. Universlty-Commooity Church, 9595 La JoUa Sho~ f)r 
12:03pm Episcopal Eucharist . University-Commooity Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
lpm Center for Psychological Revolution . The necessity for both a Personal and a Social 

Revolution. 1529 Hornblend Street, Pacific Beach. 273-4673. Free. 
5pm Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
6-9pm OASIS Oinlc Help - Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, USB. Biology and Chemistry 

tutoring in room 4010, USB. For further information call x3760. 



triton times 

Commentary , d ..... Low-PricMI 2:30 PREVIE - WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5 .':30 **** ************* The __ C IttIeIKdly 0_ II' 
production (,f • • • The fight: A replay of Rocky 

by JACK HEIFNER 
ltarrlng: KATHY GARVER 

LINDA KAYE HENNING 
EDA ZAHl 

OPENS OCT 6-THRU OCT 15 
Sp ...... ThNtrw. 123 8,ci-twaY. San Diego ticket info: 233-6541 

Sludlnta. seniors. IoAli l tary ' ,101_' 

............. 1 ....... 11 
M.II ••• uCl Ir.l.,. (lieN I.r " •• r) 

By Steve Gould 
9pertI EdItor 

Last Thursday night's 

Applicants must have an overall college GPA of 3.0 or better and 
good grades in Math 2A, B, C, D, or E or any upper division Math 
courses . 

heavyweight tlUe ~ between 
world I'bamoion Muhammad Ali 
and cbal1enger Ernie Sulver'Ho 
steal an adage from ''the greatest" 
• "shocked and amazed" the near 
capacity crowd at New York City's 
Madison Square Garden and a 
national television audience. 
Instead of clinching with Shavers 
long enough to resemble the last 
couple standing In a dance 
marathon (as in his "fight" last 
May with Alfredo Evangelista) or 
clowning around in his usual 
fashion, Ali finally gave the 
viewers of the 15 rounds what they 
wanted to see: an outstanding 
boxing match. 

Not to say that it was on par with 
the likes of Superfights I and II 
(between Ali and Joe Frazier), but 

Applications are available on the top floor of AP&M. Students will be 
considered on a first come first serve basis. Selected graders will be 
contacted early in the quarter. CHRISTIAN SCIENCE 

CAMPUS COUNSELORS 

srUDENTS WHO HAVE GRADED BEFORE MUST APPLY 
AGAIN AT THIS TIME. 

. help anyone seeking an un · 
derstanding of God's laws and 
how they can harmonize human 
experience. This Science is based 
on the Bible and Science and 
Health with Key to the Saiptures, 
by Mary Baker Eddy. Counselors 
at UCSD: Paul Hofflund and Anne 
Hofflund. 453·5217. 

11£ WITH THE HIOH COST OF JUS~ ABOUT EVERYTHING INCLUDING SCHOOL TUITION WE HAVE SELECTED TH ESE ITEMS WE THOUGHT WOULD BE OF INTERES TTO YOU AS you STAAT THIS NEW SEMESTER. 
TUITIOn NOW WE WANTTO INTRODUCE OURSELVES TO VOU THE • &TUDENT BODY AND FACULTY WE RE THE POTTERV BARN A GOLD MINE OF CONTEMPORARY IDEAS FOR 

, YOUR HOME OR APARTMEN T IN TODAYS LlFESTVLE 

17 

FIGHTERS THERESA FANTASTIC ARRAY 0' OLASSWARE. DINNERWARE PLASTIC METAL AND WOOD ITEMS TO CHOOSE FROM AND MOST ARE 
SPECIALLY PRICED AN INDUCEMENT FOR YOU TO DISCOVER OR RE·OISCO VER OUR STORE THE POTTERY BARN 

.. It 

t. D,nner. are . 5 PC sel C~mon Sione-Wlf' S ~ DC p6i1U Hun., ... 
OlMel salao Or.dlDuUe' eMile • . cuplsauc.., plilltf (not s hown) "tlflnO bOwl 
COVII!tcllkJ9l"&l r.,mer leg 7995 b . .. ' .... tv 2 . ~COf[lr.Ck I~ 500 . 
ba,"210t'1.tO I . PI'SI.cul.".tt, I"OIS I.g S10 Nfnl.1O • . ~eGtSh 
W.ne I.eII; h JiOS 12 boW.. .,.del II," S. Freneh ."..ty Jar '" 01 6 leg 
5 10 ..". a -" 1 •• W,I'I9 ~k "fIW 'to 215 · Mtn , ... '- ' 0 7 oc GIl .. 
DoIISlalcn" se erie: 11 bowl . I II 8 bowls · .pee'" 5 .• _ ' o8faon mIN tOff" 
IiI ftneM1 ItO 16 00 Nm 21"', COIf .. ""k" IIg eo 00 · Mm •• _ t . 
PtullC pta, ;ra~ U ' •• I "'~ Ig '!. ruvn f ig 10 is . IMtft • . " _ 10. 
e .. 'CIoItl'l'e " ...... t! illS4 H1 of 12 I~. OO Mm a ... -. 11 . PtUIIC!!' '" tr., 

" -tC'l:.ble r~ 500 · bern' . .... 12. Fr.",;h coneell en.." ,~ 2395 . .... 
1 "" .... n . SI'If\IeIl .re~ rltlwlr • • (I, RUllI(; .. DC GIIc. Hnt1'\9 leg 1000. 
1Nm .... I' tCounu't KUChen • pc pClc. ""~ I~ 10gS · !Nm 7 •• ::; 14. 

Ff~h cll()s PIC!!;. ot 12· t,.afreI1.J1 ... fl. Haworlh bee, ~ reg 1 SO · 
'-n .. .... t" PI",CDC)I. 15'11".'1 ' -.2 "191\, '19 500 · ...". .... .... tl. QI . ncs 
'olIn WN'It gl .. S, N' ot S, tq ,000 · Mm LH :: 1L a.. •• ptlche,., '. Ol or to 
01 ,ouIC"O<I. ' '9 15O·Mm." :: 1t. ,117pc Glt""lIdNt.onei bMl 
"Ults bowt. · ...... ' .. 'r' 18 pc: G6eudtn .. ,IMt e., 7 P'II''''.'Vhl 
5 DOwIS ·.,... , .• = 20 . .... sorted baSk." ., III, 

.ru!..fil -....I'~ 
ONLY AT: LA JOLLA ' tot>. , SANTA BARBARA 

La Cumbr. Piau 
.. 7·8107 

WESTWOOD VILLAGE 
101114 Klnro •• 

477-3563 
7811 Girard Ave. 

464-3133 

both fighters, especially the 
Champ, shunned the usual 
relenUea st.affUng and verbal 
mocking of his opponent to get 
down to some serious boxing. 

IDaccurate Collet ..... 
If you didn, get an opportunity 

to see ·the fight and attempted to 
draw conclusions ~ what the 
local papers printed, you got the 
wrong idea. Banner headlines 
emphasized the unanlmoll8 
decision factor. In reallty, Ali 
came close to losing his UUe, which 
he has held on and off since 1964. 

Two ring judges and the referee 
scored the flgti ~, ~ and ~1, 
all in favor of Muhammad. I 
carded it 8-7 All, with four rounds 
going·to Ali solely on the basis of 
his being the Champ. ,The final 
three rolUlds, which had the 
Garden crowd on its collective feet 
screaming, should have all gone to 
Shavers, but the 15th and the best 
three minutes were awarded to Ali 
again by proxy because he Is or 
was ''the greatest." 

Movle-Uke FIght 
Shavers had never fought more 

than ten rounds against anyone 
and had only gone over six round'! 
four times. By the 8th round, he 
seemed more concerned with going 
the distance (much like the ltallan 
Stallion vs . Apollo Creed in 
" Rocky"). Not until the 13th round 
mdthechalle~erreallirehehadto 
pour more pressure on Ali. By 
then, he had to have knocked out 
the Champ, a task which has never 
been accomplished. 

ln , Rocky-esque fashion, the 
underdog Shavers hit Ali with two 
staggering blows In round two, but 
he seemed confused on what to do 
in the next five rounds, holding off 
unW the seventh to score again. Ali 
used his "rope.-dope" and a 
geriatric version of the shuffle 
whlle Shavers walted for a com-
mand from the gods to attack. That 
conunand finally arrived in round 
13, when Shavers acted as If he was 
more concerned with survival than 
a win. 

Superb 80dDi 
But those final three rounds were 

the best I've seen in an Ali fight. 
Shavers jabbed, Ali reeled. 
Shavers land~ again, Ali slipped 
into a near knockdown. Shavers 
connected and Ali retallated. At 
the final bell, the Champ had ... look 
of relief on his yet unmarked face. 
Shavers was exhausted but raised 
his anns in a psuedo-victorious 
manner. 

Shavers had his fleeting 
moments of glory before millions 
of fight fans and curious onlookers. 
All his marbles were placed in this, 
his first and probably last shot at 
the title. Ali has plans to figtt Ken 
Norton, Jinuny Young and even 
Ron Lyle before he1l get back to 
Shavers, whom he appropriately 
dubbed the "Acorn." When and If 
the two are rematched, the now 33 
year old "Acorn" will have fallen 
from the boxing tree, lying on the 
groWld over-ripe and over the hill. 

Veteran Boulton Colburn surfs 2·3 hour. a day. He feels Some 
pressure" as the most recognized member of a nationally 
prominent team. 

Spiker season awaits women 
By Yvette Elizondo 

Staff Writer 

The Triton's women's volleyball 
team opens its 1977 season this 
Wednesday against Point Loma 
Wlder the guise of one of the most 

~\. ." 

PRECISION cunlNG 
• SKINCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

3251 HoIIde, Ct. 
RlPt .., l.IJ~. VIDate I ... 

455-0610 
I", DISCOUNT 

ON SERVICES 
Co WI," lilua.nl 0' Faculty 10 

..i... Brint 1111 .. : _coupon. ""i 

.,4 ,~ 

prolific coaches in uam athletics 
short ten year history. 

Randy Stevenson, who has 
replaced alUck Millenbah. is 
traditionally optimistic about his 
team, which tied for the league 
title last season. This year, UC San 
Diego has become an independent 
and hope to do as weD as 1976, even 
though they play. a tough lengthy 
schedule. 

Stevenson is waiting untU after 
the season opener to evaluate his 
team and said that this Saturday's 
Ali-Cal Tournament in Berkeley 
will be the acid test for his 
opinions. 

Eager to Play 
If ~e team's incentive to play Is 

CoaUaaed OD Page II 

Morel 
sports 

• on 
page 10 

Mo .... ", OetIlier 1,1117 triton times 

UCSDDay Care Needs Assessment 
This survey Is being conducted by the Day Care Center Steering Committee to assess 

the needs of the UCSD community for child care. We are asking you to take a moment to 
answer the following questions. 

EVEN IF YOU HAVE NO CHILDREN please answer those applicable to you. Your reactions 
are also important. Space has been reft at the end for comments. Thank you! 

1. Your campus status. Faculty () Staff () Graduate Student () Undergraduate 
Student ( ) 

2. a) Your sex. Male{) Female () b) Your age Under 40 ( ) Over 40 ( ) 
3. How many more years do you anticipate being with the UniverSity? -----

one year or less () two to five () five plus ( ) 
4. Do you have any children under the age of 6? Yes ( ) No ( ) 

IF NO, PLEASE PROCEED TO QUESTION 14. 
5. Are you a single parent? Yes () No ( ) 
6. How many children do you have in each age category? 

0-1 years 1-2 2-3 3-4 4-5 5-6---
7. How are your children currently cared for? (specify the number of children in each 

type of facil ity) 
Babysitting Licensed Day Care Mother----
Day Care Center (with educational program)-. ---
Other (specify) 

8. How much do you currently pay per child, per month for child care? (If you have more 
than one child, please check the average) 

$50 -/100 () $125 -150 () 
$100 -125 () Over $150 () 

9. What location do you prefer for child care? 
On Campus () Near Your Home () Near Campus () Near your Child's School ( ) 

Other { )-----------------
10. Where Is your present child care service located? 

On Campus () Near Your Home () Near Campus ( ) Near your Child's School ( ) Other ___________________ ___ 
11 . If your child is not In the UCSD Day Care Center what is the main reason? 

It's Full () Cost ($150 per month) () Location () Other ( ) 

12. Do you need child care7 Full-time () Half-time ( ) 
13. There are three basic types of child care wi·th higher costs associated with a higher 

level of service. Please rank order your preferences about the three types (begin with "I"). 
Estimate the maximum amount you would be willing to pay monthly per child for that 
service. 

RANK 
Babysitting 
Play & Exercise 
Educational (curriculum with 

play, etc) 
For Parents and Non-parents. 

RANK ORDER 

14. Whose financial responsibility is it to provide child care? 

MAXIMUM AMOUNT 

$._------
$.-------

$---------------

Statel Public agency () Parent(s) () University () Combination ( ) 
(specify by percentages)------------

15. If a subsidy is needed above parent fees, where do you feel additional funds should 
come from? , 

Administration () Fundraising () Registration Fee () State ( ) 
None () Other ( ),------..-------

For Students Only. 
16. Do you want a portion of your Registration Fees to be used for the Day Care Center? 

Yes () No () 
17. Where do you reside? On Campus ( ) Off Campus ( ) 

Please complete one survey a~ retum before Monday Oct 10, to one of the following locations: 
Centr.1 Ubnll'Y Bookstore Clfetertas CofI .. Hut Student Center SIO GrMluate Offitt 

THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND EFFORT. Please use the rest of this space for comments. 
COMMENTS: 

Page' 



triton time8 

Volleyball ••• AII·CaI cross-country meet 
Coatioued fro .... e I 

as strong as tbeiJ' Eh's interest 
in the game, Sila Il8On's squad 

While playing for PaUsadea ltigb 
School (which dominates L.A. City 
Volleyball as USC does in PAC-a 
baseball ), SteveDlOll set his sighta 
on making the Mens U.S. Olympic 
team, which he did In 1m. In 1973, 
he captianed San Diego STate to an 
NCAA tiUe and last year, he played 
for the Santa Barbara S4kers and 
Denver Comets 01 the IVA. 

Slow begi.nning for UCSD runners 
will be on par with enbah'slut 
team. According to the new coach, 
his girls are eager to learn, hard 
wOl'king and hO?ing that their 
efforts belp pay oCf; in the form 01 
a play«f bid. 

Women's volleyball 

By SCOU BenasteUa 
Staff Writer 

UC Irvine, led by Ralph Serna, 
took four of the top five places ne 
route to an easy team cham-
pionship in the All-caI cross 
country meet at UC Riveralde 
Saturday afternoon. 

30:14 and jwlior transfer Bill 
Sullivan, 39th at 31: 15. 

Team scores : Irvine 21, 
Berkeley 56, Riverside 1M, Davis 
'11, Santa Barbara 112 and San 
Diego 168. 

SDSU next in lne 

Triton Coach Andy Slteif put 
some of the blame of his team's sub 
par performance on lack of 
training time. " It's a matter 01 
conditioning," Slteif noted. "We'll 
get better with practice ." 

Oct. 5 
OCt,S 

atPoIalLoma 
AIl·Cal Toaraey 
BerRley 

Serna was Umed in 24: 'l1.a for 
the 5.3 mile COIne, followed by 
teammate Steve Scott, United 
State's premier miler, In 24:37.0. 
Irvine barriers also finJshed fourth 
and fifth In the six scbool com-
petition to total 21 points. Cal 
Berkeley, paced by Mark Schultz's 
24 :40, took second place with 58 
points. 

Kickers shut-out 
Oct. I. 
Oct.lZ 
Oct. 14 
Oct. II 
Oct.D 
Oct. Z1 
Oct. 24 
Oct. 31 
Nov. Z 
Nov. 4 
Nov. S 
Nov. lZ 
Nov. IS 

USIU 
USD 
at Groamoat JC 
Me .. JC 
PoIDtLoma 
USIU 
at Soutbweltel1l JC 
Grossmoat JC 
San Diego Slale 
atMesaJC 
at Pelot Loma 
at Occldeatal 
atSDSU 

8:31PM 

4:31PM 

7:31PM 
8:31PM 
1:31PM 
7:31PM 

UC San Diego's men's soccer 
team was sh~ o~ In its leuon 
opener by Azuza Pacific CoUece 
Saturday In Azuza . 'lbe Tritons 
trailed oo1y 1~ at halftime, but 
mental mistakes led to four 
second-balf goals by the TiRers. 

All bome games iD Rec Gym at 4: 00 PM 

UC San Diego totaled 168 points 
for sixth place in the meet. Fresh-
man Peter Dolan headed a trio of 
Tritons breaking the 30 minutes 
barrier at 27:25 for 27th place. 
Junior Doug Jacobson finished in 
30th place at 27:50 while Alan 
Bernath was 35th at 29 :10. 
Rounding out the top five for UCSD 
were freshman Dave Soule, 37th at 

The Tritons were hampered by 
heavy smog, a condition which 
Azuza works out In everyday. 
Azuza raised Its season reconno 6-
4 and bas played together 88 a 
team for nearly two months. UCSD 
held its first practice only twelve 

EARN OVER $600 A MONTH 
FOR THE REST OF JOUR 

SENIOR YEAR. 
If you are interested in math, physics or engineering, 

the Navy has a program you should know about. 
It's called the NUPOC-Collegiate Program (NUPOC 

is short for Nuclear Propulsion Officer Candidate), and if 
you qualify it can pay you as much as $611 a month for 
the remainder of your senior year. Then after 16 weeks of 
Officer Candidate School, you will receive an additional 
year of advanced technical education, education that 
would cost thousands in a civilian school, but in the 
Navy we pay you. And at the end of the year of training, 
you'll receive a $3,000 cash bonus. 

It isn't easy. Only one of every six applicants will be 
selected, and there are fewer than 300 openings. But 
those who make it find themselves in one of the most 
elite engineering training programs anywhere. With 
unequalled hands-on responsibility, a $24,000 salary in 
four years, plus travel, medical benefits and education 
opportuni ties. 

For more details on this program, ask your _ 
placement officer when a Navy representative will be on 
campus, or call the Officer Program Office listed below; 

d ' , or sen your resume to Navy Nuclear Officer Program, 
Code 312: 4015 Wilson Blvd., Arlington, Va. 22203. The 
NUPOC-Collegiate Program. It can do more than help 
you finish college; it can lead to an exciting opportunity. 

OFFICER PROGRAMS OFFICE, NAVY RECRUITING DISTRICT, 714-293 ·6444 

NAVY OFFICER. 
IT'S NOT JUST A JOB, IT'S AN ADVENTURE. 

days ago. 
UC5D hosts San Diego State 

University in their home opener 
this Wednesday on thf'-Muir Field 
at 2:30PM. 

Gabriel ... 
CootiDaed from Pa,d 

Lyrically, Gabriel reaches fOl' 
the poetic, but unlike most other 

slnger~ngwriters who use solo 
albums for outpourings from their 
malnourished imaginations, 
Gabriel handles the challenge to be 
"meaningful" with grace and 
restraint. The topics he covers 
here-impending holocaust ("Here 
Comes the Flood"( messianic 
envisionment ("Solsbury Hill") 
romance reduced to a functioning 
of the organs ("Modem Love" ), or 
suicidal eMui ("Waiting for the 
Big One") - are matters that'd 
normally be top-heavy for pop song 
strictures, yet Gabriel displays the 
knack to deal with them. He 
eschews the Impulse to speak 01 
more than he knows and maintains 
an incisive, relaist tone, which 
allows his most florid romantic 
splurges to stand on firmer ground. 
He also has a talent for good lines, 
which come one after the other, 
and reveals · a remarkable wit 
comparable to Cole Porter which 
fits his work in a more 
sophisticated context. 

Aiding him here are old Lou 
Reedl Alice Cooper cronies Steve 
Hunter and Dick Hunter on 
guitars, with able assistance from 
former King Crimson Honcho 
Robert Fripp and synthesizer 
pfogranuner Larry Fast. The 
performances are splendid and 
blessedly to the point. Peter 
Gabriel is the beginning of a career 
that 'll become, doubtlessly , a 
major foca l point in the rock world. 

VOTE. 
WIRREI COLLESE 

FIE ... ELECTIOI. 
Gel.' •••• 
1 ••• 2 •• 

.... II. PlIII 
'1 ...... CIII ... 
...... ce .. ll. 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 

ALL SUBJECTS 
Fast. protell8ional , and proven 
q uality. Choose trom our library ot 
7,000 topiCS. Send $ 1,00 tor the 
c urrent edit ion ot our 220 page 
mali order catalog. 

RESEARCH ASSISTANCE 
11322 IDAHO AVE .• No. 206-E 

LOS ANGELES . C ALIF, 90025 
(213) 477-84 74 

Our research papers are sold for 
research purposes only. 

I Please rush my calalog . C I, 
, Enclosed Is $1. , 

I Name --"------- , 
, Address I 
, City , l. S!"te Zip J 

......... ......................... -

MI*Ia)'. Oetober I. 1m I triton time8 Pqell 

TT clAssifiEds 
Found: The BMuty of true flight. You c;., 
find It tool Into . nd movl .. : 7 pm T .... Oct. , 
Rae Gym Cont. Room. UCSO SoIrlng Club. 
(1013) 
Lost Monday Blue windbreak ... with keys In 
the pocket call Ste.. HarriSon 213-5202 
(1013) 

Lost . my keys TLH107 Wed 28 I commute 
and my car doesn't start wi thout them . 753-
2729 collect (1013) 

WANTEd 
Volunteers Needed at los winos cen ter gain 
e,perlence with autistic children momlngs . 

fOR SAlE 
:aIOO Cars and Pickups at auction. c.l1 tor 
recorded message. 452-7751 . (1212) 
MGB'7:l below bluebil price. good condition 
sharp car Enid 454-6.12 

Doubte Bed 2nd dresser. Call atter 6:00 at 
481 ·0948 
22' Alan aluminum trameset·$t60 or trade tor 
20 '12 '12 " track Irame. See at casa de Oro 0( 
call 475;0527 (1015) 
Lady's Lamb skin Coat. Hnned with thick 
lambs wool. (While) perfect tor ski season 
.- 75!P164 (1015) 
Stained Glass, macra me show. Oct &-9, 11· 
SPM. Order xmas gifts. 6731 Bamhust. SO 
292-4123 Dianne (1017) 

Vo lunteers needed at Los Nlnos center gain 63 Greenbrier window van runs great $500 or 
experience wiht Autistic children call Chris best olter455.9539 
263-6111 (10110) 
I urgently need "CalculuS'" Its applications" 
by goiostein . Lay, Schneider Gall Diana 566-
4173 (eves)(10/5 

Five Fool Male Burmlse Python $70 452-
8530 , 

1975 Cellca St one clean owner low miles 
amllm 8 track make oller~l-l 31B (1015) 

REGINA CENTDN·WARREN College Junior 
Please call student altalrs 452·4378 about the 
secretarial lOb yoo applied tor, You did not 
leave a phone number('013) 
Larry Trussel : call '36-9679. Z Daniel and 
Eric. (1013) 
HIRAMThanks.o much fO( the concert really 
made my dayl C (1017) 
Rank Amateur Bridge player seeks partner 
opponents ; also. soe. anyone fight 
napoleanlc miniatures? I have an austrian 
(1805) Army and use Avant mon ent.ts Rules. 
Call Steve at 453-8264 (1013) 

Jobs on ships! American. Foreign. No .,.. 
parience required. Excellent pay. Worldwide 
trave l. Summer job or career. Send 53.00 lor 
Inlormat lon. SEAFAX, Edpt B-6 Box 2049. 
Port Angeles, Washington 96362. (10/12) 
Let the good ti mes rock and roll l The Boston 
Kid (1013) 
Want to ioln the mile high club? The UCSD 
soaring club can supply the altitude I (10130 
Watch the earth get Really Smlll UCSD 
soaring Club (10 /3) 

• SERVICES 
BOOJ( ON CAMPUS 
Europe. HawaII and New Yor!< Cnarter 
Flights. CIEE Student Travel Siudent Center 
B-023 Open MWF 12·4 Call 452-0630. (6111 ) 

Get Results with a Trllon Times Classl tled 
Ad l '5Ocents lor all student ads! come by our 
off ice (back door) m.t, 11 -3. 

DIAMOND ENGAGEMENT & WEDDING 
RINGS: Up to 50% discount to students, 
tacul ty & slaft Example. 114 ct. 595. 'h ct. 
$275. t ct 5795. by buying direct Irom 
leading diamond Importer For color catalog 
send 51 to SMA DIamond Importers. Inc., 
Box 42, Fanwood, N.J . 07023 (Indicate name 
at school) or call (2121 682-3390 tor location 
at showroom nearest you. (1013) 

" 

Colleg iate RESEARCH PAPERS. Thousands 
on ti le. All academ ic subjects. Send $1 .00 tor 
ma il order catalog . Bo. 2591&-Z, Los 
Angeles . Calif. 90025 (21 3) 477-6474. (1/ 20) 

Guitar Lessons Classlcal ,Tom St rlnl 
reasonable re&tllS master's In gultar.wor!<lng 
on Ph.d call 452.1;l47 (10/ 24) 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
The UCSD soaring Club will show 3 tree 
mOVies about soaring at lhelr membersh ip 
meet ing tues Oct 4 at 7pm In the ree gym 
eont room (1013) 
Tues . Ocl. 4 , 8 OOpm 
The Telephone Peer Counseling Group will 
have it's lirst tra ining session In the Muir 
Apt . Lounge (tOI3) 

SEASON 
OPENER 
SKI SALE Eilielent , Responsible Individual who likes 

people, to war!< In the CIEE student travel 
services office campus. Must be Junior and 
willing to stay on 10( at least two years. 
Apply belween 12·, pm.No phone calls 
please (10 13) 

For Sale Peugeot 10 speed 76-39tnd Bran \ It you were In the SPAIN program th is 
New PGE blue $110 Call 48865 Ask for summer remember the t lesla. Its now Fri Oct 

o t. 8 & 9 
Sat 8-6; Sun . 8-5 

20% · 70% off on Famous 
Maker Ski M rchandise 

George (1015) 7th There is a map available in the 
linguist ics office Hasta luego. (10 15) 

Musical Instruments - Equipment ; check our 4004 Sports Arena Blvd Tel 223-7173 price , It's lowerl Delivered to your door. Stull MonkeyMan · 1 th ink I Love You. (10 13) 
San Diego Ski Chalet Wanted : Creative artist to draw CAPE cover. 

Pen & ink . B'I2 xl1 size. Call 2951 tor more 
Into. (10 /9) 

lIousiNG 
For Mate wanted neat ... responsible own 
room In Del Mar Bear House $115 call Gall or 
Kathy atter3481-8482 (1013) 
Housing available . Preter sludlous t""ale. 
Near beach. bus stop CIOM bye In Del Mar. 
$150 permonth and utilities. No TobaccO. 
Call 755-7303 or 755-5223 and ask to( Jell 0( 
Rlck(1013) 
Del Mar Ocean Front HOuse Needs 2 people 
1.11 F to share huge room . pool . tannls court 
volleyball $1201 mo 481 -1396 (1013) 
Del Mar Apt Auallable October 15 75!;.716' 
Need 2 people to share the second room . All 
furnished. (1015) 

For Rent: Furn lshed i Unlurnlshed apt. 
overlooking Del Mar Beach. LG one bedroom, 
oceanvlew. 53251 mth . Ocean WindOWS 
Villas, 1552 Cam ino Del Mar. Del Mar. 755-
6601. (10 / 26) 
Furnished room to( rent with private balh In 
north Clalremont apertment 10 minutes trom 
UCSD. Pool . kitchen privileges. No smokers 
or pets please. $1 :lO-1501 month. Leave name 
& number at 276-7687. (1017) 

2B(}.2BA woed·n·glsss house 'h blk beach In 
LeUced la. Fple., ,..rport. dishwasher. $600. 
mo. 755-0033 or 45~374' (10/1 4) 

5125 for your own rm ... bath In furnished apt 
In Dei Mar Hts near buS'" shopping ~1-9572 
(1013) 

SophomO(es locking tOf tema le roommate to 
snare Del Mar apt Call Lisa or Cindy at 481· 
0904 alter tlve (10/3) 

Inc . (213) 884·5449 (1017) 

Bike tor sale: Men's 23" Schwinn Corl-
tlnental. Good . reflabl. COndItion. Jim 
Brannon 3104 Urey ext. 3199 (1013) 
Craig AM/ FM Cassette deck locking, test· 
twd ... rewind $160 . unit , Want $1 00 or best 
offer. 453-66« Ask tor Roland (10/10) 

Camaro '11 350 4·spd 65M ml. Xlnt cnd $2400 
Jelt 452· 21 13 I 4J6.899oI (10110) 

KINGSIZE WATERBED: Includes frwne, 
pedestal . heater. thermostat , custom sheeta 
$100. Call 452-9239 (1013) 

Foil the tUll: New long· range radar detecto( 
alerts you to police radar up to 5 miles away . 
Top 01 the line model. oetinitely not a toyl 
Call 276-7687 & leave name & number tor 
turther Informat ion betore it's too latel (1017) 

t958 Mercedes 190 rebuIlt engine, leather 
IOterror $2250 Call 481 ·9Q77 (lOll) 

pERSONAl 
Tolephone Couna.lng Is holding II'S t lrs 
training session tomorrow , tuesday Ihe 4th. 
It you enjoy people and would like to help. 
Come It's at the Malr Apt . Lounge at 8p.m 
(1013) 
Women tlrst & second year students In-
terested In a good job attend science & 
engineer cw.., workshop on Nov!! Pply by 
Oct. 10 at Student's Center or call ~460 
(1015) 
Broaden your horizons'" go larther lM1t you 
have dared to go betore apply tor .... f1e 
government pooltlons. Stop by the com· 
munlty Center to( IntO(mation. Tnert .. stili 
major paoltlons open Cl015) 
Susan Marshall ... Evan Cottleld You ere 
memtMn of RPB, Congratulations ... pl . .. 
come by the Revelle Community Center to 
arrange the IIrs! "..,Ing. (1015) 

Only students applying to medical / dental schools now who spent 
spring Quarter 1977 on another campus are eligible for a fall Health 
Sciences Aovisory committee intervi8w. Contact the Health Sciences 
Advisory program now! 
t'''11 dlldllne Oct. 7. Student Cen ter Complex, Bid!! . B x3750 

W arreq, ~olleqe . 
Beac' Party ~ Baibeque 

Satur<:lifOd. 8, 2-8 pm. Scripps 'PierBeach, 
Sports EVeQts &- live Music 
DirmerSetVed from. 4:30-5:30 . 

Studen.t s m us t · be Wa rYert C9llege Studef\t 
aQd h;lve valid ID caul. TranDportatiort will be 
ptbvrded from. WarYeQ C9llege Dotinh 

----------------....,-" 
fREE MoviES 

SOARiN C lib !> 
MEMbERsilip MEETiNG 

PlACE: REC. GYM CoNf. ROOM 
TiME: TuESdAY, OcT. 4, 7 pM 

Literate T·Shlrt : "E. chewobluscation" (5-1.1. 

L) 54 .95 (postpa id) B. Hardy Box 23703 Ft. -i~E$~;;~~:::~~::;;;~;;;:~~lj! Lauderdale, FI3330 (10/12) 
Hey you Mug, isthesongover?thopenot 'Madame Nancy 
Don't torgel who I'm alterl Love-J (1013) 

Natwal Born Psychic 

ClasSlnads: 
50 cenls 

lenonllS 
lraval 

hOUsing 
wanl .. 
for siia 
services 

I0Il1 ... 
·ClI • . II. II bOIl 

".-Fri. 
111.10.-3 laRL. 

In nOlI.' 

Indian Readinqs 
Advice and guidance given to those troubled by 
indecision and personal problems. All questions 
answered. 

Past Life Readinqs Given Also 

Phone 1I60-11718 

Back to School Special 

6.00 
By appointment only 
Expires Oct. 10 , 1977 
All major credit cards accepted 
Please bring ad 

Shampoo and cut 

The Hair Garden 
~ ....................... ~ 

Your Haircutting 
Place 
1250 Prospect 
McKellar Plaza 
La Jolla 
454-3077 
Open Sunday 

Sigflla Kappa 
A National Social Sorority 

is organizing a n ew chapter on t h is campu 

A sorority provide : • F riend h ip • Lead n,hip training 
• Scholastic ach ievement • And I: ial 1i~ 
All inte re t d women ar invit d to aU nd an 
information hour on .l. Ionda ,Octob r 3, 1977 
4-5:30pm or 7-B:30pUl in Stud nt 

~~~~~~------------~~----~~~ 



\.( 
\ 

triton times 

pus. 
Thinks college is one big time-out. 

Holds school record for most games played. 
Once managed to drop 7 passes and 3 courses In same day. 

Cal drinks lite 8eer from Miller because irs less filling. 
With his schedule he can't afford to get filled up. 

Today he has to be in two places at once. 
Insists on playing center and quarterback. 

Spend.s spare time going to class. 
Lite Beer from Miller. 

Everything you always wanted in a beer. Ancliess. 

...... y, 0eteIIer 1.1171 


