
Vo e Due Seventh Week 
Referendum Ballot Appears Set 

by Alec Nedelman 
Associate News Editor 

uam students will be voting on 
two governmental models and four 
comprehensive questions in the 
upcoming referendum, according 
to Pat Hansen, secretary for the 
UCSD Elections Board. All model 
and question petitions were 
required to have obtained the 
requisite 250 signatures by 4:30 
Friday afternoon. 

The petition calling for an 
Associated Students at uem, an 
elected form of government, 
(ASUCSD) received the greatest 
number of signatures - 444. This 
model is basically a revamping of 
the old ASUCSD , constitution, 

which existed up until five years 
ago. The drafters of the model, 
however, paid careful attention to 
preventing the power abuses that 
p4lgued the original ASUCSD. The 
draft for this model came from the 
Chancellor's Summer Task Force 
on Student Governance. 

The alternative which students 
will have to the ASUCSD on the 
referendum ballot is a Cabinet-
Assembly model for student 
government. This model, receiving 
290 signatures, was described by 
Hansen as being about half-way 
between the proposed ASUCSD and 
the present Student Cooperative 
Union. 

Although petitions for other 
governmental models were cir-

TA's ·Express Disfavor with 
Task Force Recommendations 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

A report, scheduled to be issued this week by a Chancellor's task force , 
could mean a $500-$600 decrease in Teaching Assistant (TA) salaries for 
graduate students during the 1977-78 school year. 

T AIW ork Study Task Force chairperson David Ernst was out of town 
and unavailable for comment, and Task Force members were reluctant 
to disclose the detai~ of the recommendation, which is still in draft form. 
However, task force member, Bob Thomas, called the report "long and 
complicated .. .full of ifs, aods and buts." 

Mark Runyan Iright) and Ken Melvin ['left) surround Point Lorna center Ron 
Owens . Owens 13 porntS and 13 rebounds led the Crusaders to a 95· 71 wrn 
over UCSD 's varsity . despite 22 pOints by Melvin . The Triton JV's had 

If enacted, the plan could potentially create a situation where "a 
student who needs money gets less than the student who doesn't need it," 
said Thomas. 

('arlier gained a 92·83 victory over Point Lorna . TT photo: Bill Brooks Graduate student intern Mark Mochary found the issue to be "of vital 
concern to graduate students." He said they "are being forced to take on 
the full burden of the instructional needs of the university when other pots 
of money, which are earmarked for instructional purposes, are 
available. " 

UCSD Anthro Prof Explores 
Chinese Culture~ Soc·iety Manuel Rotenburg, Dean of graduate Studies and Research, refused to comment on this development. 

by David Priedman 
StaHWriter 

Amid the cultural diversity of 
southwest Taiwan, UCSD 
Anthropology professor David 
Jordan has been conducting field 
research into varied facets of 
Chinese society. Jordan's latest 
work kept him in Taiwan for a full 
year ending last Dec. Wbile there, 
he lived in a Buddhist monastery 
while conducting outside studies. 

Thomas said he felt the final decision on "the :selection of good TA's 
traditionally hostile communities. shouldn't hinge on financial needs." He said there are no alternatives to 

Jordan hopes to identify a wide I the use of work study funding for TAs, although it was "never intended to 
spectrum of Chinese self- fund salary-type activities." Thomas labelled it "a Catch-22 situation." 
perception by observin8 the village Mochary found the general consensus of the graduate students to be one 
interactions leading otwards a of opposition. He said he resented the fact that "those least able to 
Jlaw. sacrifice are not being asked, but being told." 

The third area of investigation "J don't think it's a viable option," said Thomas, referring to the 
Jordan dealt with was the rise in possible reduction in maximum level T A-ships from 50 percent to 45 
China of a group of cults centering percent. But he added that the.actual recommendation would not come 

Continued on Page 7 
from the task force, which is composed of "technical people who are not 
capable of deciding on academic matters." 

r anizational Meeting Wednesday 

culated, none received enough 
signatures in time to be placed on 
the ballot. Included in this list of 
also-rans is a proposed monarchy 
model and the Student Cooperative 
Union model. Although it is ex-
pected that both of these groups 
will appeal to the Elections Board 
at this morning's meeting, 
representatives of the Board 
refused to comment on the possible 
outcome of the appeals. 

Questions to Consider 
Of the five comprehensive 

question petitions circulated, four 
obtained the necessary signatures. 
Students will have the opportunity 
to indicate whether they prefer the 
semester or quarter systems; 
whether the administration should 
be urged to departmentalize the 
Communications Program; and 
whether students want to see the 
proposed recreation facility built. 

One issue sure to be of concern to 
the Election's Board is a com-
prehensive question petition that 
received 370 signatures. This 
question has 29 sub-questions, 
including one that asks if the 
Student Cooperative Union should 
be the official student government 
with all of the rights and powers 
inherent therein. According to one 
Board member, the legitimacy of a 
model question on a com-
prehensive question ballot is of 
serious concern. 

Petitions concerning the radio 
license of KSDT and the funding of 
a paper to compete co-equally with 
the Triton Times did not receive 
enough signatures. 

Although the Elections Board, 
which met this morning to 
determine the legitimacy of each 
petition's signatures, has deter-
mined that 25 oercent of the 
registered students must tum out 
to legitimatize the referendum, 
Chancellor McEiroy stated in an 
interview last week that any less of 
a turnout -does not leave the 
Cooperative Union in power. 
According to McElroy, the matter 
of UCSD's student government 
would then be in his hands to do 
with as he thinks best. 

Both a sabbatical and a funded 
project by the New York-based 
Chinese Cultural Organization, 
Jordan's trip focused on three 
aspects of Chinese behavior. One 
project sought to describe the 
phenomenon of sworn brotherhood, 
which occurs when two or more 
Chinese decide to dee~n their 
friendship and attain a new level of 
responsibility. 

CalPIRG Fights Unending Consumer Battle 

Citing the fact "almost no 
literature exists" on the process 
and meaning of a sworn 
brotherhood, despite its 
prevalence in Chinese society, 
Jordan conducted an investigation 
aimed at describing this activity, 

TbeJlaw 
Jordan's second concern was a 

study of the preparation of a Jlaw, 
a Taoist festival conducted on a 
large, regional scale. The Jlaw is a 
colorful, lDlique event, during 
which dancers, parades and 
costumed people can be found 
throughout the many participating 
villages. 

This festival, which ls staged 
once every three years, presents a 
faSCinating source of research as 
its implementation requires 
cooperation between a number of 
villages, including thOle which are 
friendly with each other u wen 81 

by MC Brien 
- Staff Writer 

Many people equate CalPmG 
(California Public Interest 
Research Group) with its 
frequent food price surveys and 
are unaware that it ls also a 
group continuously struggling 
for coosumer's rights. The 
organization is currently 
Jponsoring over fourteen dif-
ferent projects, each one in-
tended to either infonn con-
sumers about various available 
services or t9 protect them from 
hazardous situations. 

In order to better acquaint the 
UCSD community with its 
Nader's Raiders-type 
organization, CalPIRG is 
holding a large organizational 
meeting Wednesdsy at 7:30 pm 
in the north conference room. 
Staff members from the 
downtown omce as wen as 
student voltmteers from the 
Ua.;o PubUc Intel'elt Relearch 
Group PlRG win be on hand to 

provide both general in-
formation about the group, and 
elaborate on the various 
projects it is currently un-
dertaking. Refreshments will 

~served. 
With ·the organization un-

dertaking a wide variety of 
projects, most volunteers are 
able to find interesting fields in 
which they can do research. 
Calpirg has need for persons 
skilled or interested in 
statistics, nutrition, econOD)ics, 
land use, gerontology, com-
puter science, journalism, and 
photography and other fields . 
While volunteering for Calpirg, 
students can gain expertise in 
the areas which interest them 
and simultaneously help the 
community. 

WorklDl Roan 
Can be MocUfled 

Working hours can be 
modified to fit student 
schedules, ' with the time 
volunteered up to the in-
divudual. Students at UCSD 

work in conjunction with the 
- main downtown office and with 

the PIRGs at the University of 
San Diego and San Diego State. 
This March, PffiGs from all 
over the United States will be 
meeting in Berkeley to ex-
change ideas and results. New 
members will be encouraged to 
go so that they can better un-
derstand Calpirg and realize its 
potential. 

CalPIRG releases its findings 
to the public in a number of 
ways. It publishes a bi-monthly 
newspaper, CaIPIRG Reports, 
prints pamphlets and reports on 
individual appreciations, sends 
out press releases, and often 
produces radio and television 
shows. 

Volunteers are needed to visit 
each of the mental institutions 
in San Diego, and collect data 
on their services. Since no 
comparative study of these 
homes exists, Calpirg will 
compile a bookl t which will 
compare the prices and 

enumerate the advantages and 
shortcomings of these facilities. 

The continued increase of 
large corporations having in-

~rests in farming has con-
tributed to decreases in the 
amount of manual labor used. 

Continued on Page 7 

-;::,: .... , •• to " ... .. , ~ , .. .... . 

. . .. 

.. . . . 

. . . . 

.. . . .. .. 

~ .... . . 



. 

Unsigned edltorlat, epresent a majority opinion of the Triton Times 
Editorial Board, whJch is composed of Executive editor David Eisen. 
Managing editor Mi!I~ Stadler. News editor Alan Russell, Associate News 
editor Alec Nedelrnan, Community editor Vera Todorov and Opinion 
editor "Ran Anbilr. AD signed material and artwork represent the author's 
opinion and do not necessarily reflect the vieWs of the Triton Times. 

Back The Bike shop 
Some 01 the bicycle It ore owaen ID the IIII'I'OUDdtq comDumJty seem 

to bave a problem with !be UCSD student Bike Shop. They feel they aft 
belDllllldenoid by tile Bike Sbop, FlIrtbermore, tbey feel tbtIls unfair 
because tIIey tbIDk they IucUrectly labskUze ~ ,bop, altt II OD state land 
and part of a state fuDded activity. 

TIle wont part of tile wbole deal Is that tile discODllted services are open 
to tbe general public, ODe t. Jolla 0WDeI' told u. 

TIle bike store owners employ IDteftstiDg logic. U ODe foUows It to Its 
inevitable coachul~ Ie" student services at UCSD would remalD ID 
business. 

The cafeterias serve food at a cut-rate. The Campus Program Board 
offers entertainment at prices that pat other community establlsbments 
to shame.. The Book Coop a ... Groundwork Collective seU boob at a 
discount. The Priat Coop offers its services at a rate far below prtut shopi 
off campus. There are other examples. 

The one tblng aU these services bold In common wltb tbe Bike Sbop Is 
that tbtly operate on state land. Some are even subsidized directly by 
state tax funds. 

Should the administration shut down all student establlsbments 
because they offer discount services that may undersell off campus 
organizations? 

After all, anyone can eat in the cafeterias or buy boob at Groundwork. 
CPB events undoubtedly draw students who would otherwise seek en-
tertainment In the community. 

Closing the Bike Shop would create a bad precedent for future action by 
off campus mercbants who feel cheated by student services tbat un-
dersell them. We are glad that tbe administration has decided to not 
buckle under to bike store owner's complaints. 

Another Use for . 
The Referendum 

The ballot for the upcoming student,refereodum appears to be set. In 
the seventh week of the quarter, students will be faced wltb a choice 
between two government models, and with making their opinion known 
on ~ree Individual issues and one set of questions'. 

The choice for new student government Is between a return t6 the 
traditional Associated Student Government of five years ago, and a 
model that combines features of both an elected government and the 
Student Cooperative Union. The Coop, It appears, will not be on tbe ballot. 

This is unfortunate. The Coop has represented the only student 
government here for the past two years. U It were on the baUpt, tbe 
general student body would have the opportunity to pass judgement on 
the performance of this governmental experiment. ' 

But, as the ballot stands now, the Coop is actually on the ballot, as part 
of the 29-question package passed by its members. A controversy is 
bound to arise because of this package. The Elections Board wUl have to 
decide whether a comprehensive question proposal can include a 
governmental model as well . The board will also have to rule whether one 
petition can be passed representing more than one question. 

We feel the board should al 0 consider another use for the ballot. Tbe 
Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs Is commited to cutting 
some programs now funded by Registration Fee monies. Tbe committee 
members should not have to make the decisions by themselves. Student 
opinion on this issue should be solicited whenever possible. 

And it is possible In this case. The advisory committee should be 
allowed to place several questions on the referendum ballot asking 
students whether their money should continue to fund certain 
organizations and activities. 

This would require that tbe Elections Board take a departure from Its 
establisbed rules. But In the case of sucb a wort by conceql-maklng sure 
the student voice is heard-the rules can always be bent. 

It's Time 
It 's time tbis school got Its collective act together. We're tired of finding 

three or four program events on one night, and theg none the next. Last 
Thursday night W..Is.just an example. Four events scheduled against each 
other. 

The cry for the central programming board has been raised before. It 
was answered eig It years ago with the formation of the Campus Program 
Board. We think it is about time CPB be allowed to live up to Its ex-
pectations, orbe I1jsbanded and replaced with a central board. 

The fault, however, do not lie with CPB. Tbey cannot force the four 
colleges, the deI artmenls, the Recreation D"jI8rtmeut, tbe Student 
Center, and the st.1~ent organizations to cooperate In tbelr programming. 
Only tbose contro 1I_g the purse strings can force such cooperation. 

The Advisory C) mlttee on Student Fee Programs can implement the 
central programlllblg board we' re calling for. It should: 

-reaffirm CPB a tbe ceDtral programming board on campus; 
-state that any SltIdent Affairs division that does not work with CPB to 

centralize tbeir programming will lose their programming money. 
We're not advocating tbat CPB decide all of the programming to ap-

pear on this campus. This would be beyo'" its scope and capabilities. We 
do, however, advocate that any group on campus doing programming 
should work wttbln tbe CPB subcommittees to coordinate calendarln. 
and the number and types of events brought to campus. Since the total 
programming dollars available on ca mpus buy less and less each year 
it's time to coordlnat how they are spent. ' 

It's tim • 

triton time8 MoDdlly, J .... ry zt,lm 

Letters to the Editor 

Dreaming of UCSD's Downfall 
r had it dream last night. Mr. 

Brown of the Schwinn Cycle Shop 
objected to the uSe of his tax money 
on the Bike Shop, which provided 
unfair competition for his business. 
So the Bike Shop was closed down 
and San Diego bicycle business 
prospered. Then, Mr. White of a 
laundrymat chain said that the 
campus laundry rooms, supported 
by his tax money, were unfair 
competition, and so the laundry 
rooms were closed. Col. Black, a 
restauranteur, cried foul on the 
Coffee Hut and so the Coffee Hut 
and all the cafeterias on . campus 
were closed down. Ms. Green of a 
realty firm pointed out that the 
donns, supported by State funds, 
drew away a lot of her potential 
customers, and so the donns were 
closed. Finally, Dr. Grey, owner of 

a loc!!1 university, objected to the ed biz. So UCSD was .... 
use of his tax money to support 
UCSD, which was really killing his LU J. SHAM 

Pro/Con: Death Penalty 
The new death penalty bill which was introduced to both houses of 

the California Legislature last week, carrie<t a threat that if Governor 
Brown vetoes the bill, as he promised, the Legislature might be a ble to 
overturn the veto. This makes the relevance of this week's Pro/Con 
even greater. • 

Should the death .penalty be reinstated? Is it moral? Is it cruel and 
unusual? Does it provide a ' deterent to crime? Does our government 
have the right to execute citizens? Should life be preserved at all 
costs? 

The Death Penalty: Pro or Coo? '. 
The Pro/Con column is written by the UCSD commWlity. Each week 

a topic will be submitted for your consideration. We ask that you 
submit your responses in writing by nen Friday at 3 p m. 
Representative samples of your opinions will be published the 
following week. 

Submissions should be typed and double-spaced, on a 74-space line. 
They should not exceed tlh pages in length . 

Audio-Visual Needs Revamping I 
As a former student employee of the UCSD Al\dio-

Visual services, let me make a few comments on the 
AV/CPB problem. The Campus Program Board has 
expressed entirely valid complaints regarding the 
condition of USB 2722. The room is in deplorable 
condition, and maintenance in the past has been 
sporadic and inefficient. The projection screen has 
been ripped for at least three years. In typical ' 
bureaucratic style, initiation of-such repairs requires 
a persistent campaign of demands and harassmen't 
by AV, faculty, CPB, and other users of the room. 
This has never been done. 

I m~st criticize the Program Board , for they are 
often mtolerant of unpreventable problems. Their 

re~rd is not lUlblemished either, yet from my ex-
perience they are prone to complain about trivial 
mistakes when A V is responsible. 

My main point concerns the competence of the 
student projectionists. Some of these people are 

exper~enced , well trained, and professionally con-
sCientious. Others, unfortunately , have not received 
thorough training, are unprepared to deal with 
unexpected malfunctions in the projection room, or 
are unconcerned with maintaining professional 
standards. This situation, of course, is not uncommon 
in ~ork situations. The blame, though, (or poor 
quality projection must lie with Audio-Visual , not the 

s~u~ent workers, for allowing less competent in-
diViduals to take on responsible, public j<lbs such as 
the Friday and Saturday night movies. The job 
allocation system at AV has been based on personal 
preference, reward and punishment, and lottery, but 

bee 
,do not 

S7!V its rite 
\ do not 
5a~ its ron~ 

never on evaluations of competence, con-
scientiousness , and experience. . 

Even the best of the projectionists are often 
helpless to prevent malfunctions, for the equipment is 
unreliable and improperly maintained. A valued 
trade secret shared between AV employees consists 
of knowing appropriate locations to stick wads of 
paper to fix faulty equipment. It js difficult (or 
projectionists to maintain professional standards 
using substandard equipment. 

Under such conditions, it is no wonder that the 
quality of AV work at UCSD is often poor. Projec-
tionists trying to maintain professional standards are 
constantly frustrated by bureaucratic indifference 
and uncooperation. Advice from s tu4ents is often 
ignored or scorned. There is no opportunity for ad-
yancement, no promise of a raise in pay to encourage 
students to foster professional attitudes and com-
petence . l'm sure this is a familiar criticism to many 
student employees. 

I find it unfortWlate that the internal organization 
of an obscure service such as A V should have a 
deleterious effect on the quality of audio-visual 
serv ices for student and faculty g roups, and classes. 
Solution of the CPB/ AV problem depends on 

r~organizati0!1 of AV policy and procedures. Anyone 
With complalllts about AV must realize that at 
present the AV bureaucratic structure is indifferent 
to such colJlplaints. 

, say \t is 
t~wa'l it \s 

ROBIN TOWNE 

bec~se 

, 

Moaday, J .. aary U, 1m Irilonlh.II'S 

Differing Views on Sexuality 
Discussed in .Fourth Seminar .~ 

by DaD st. Claift Bacon 
StaHwrtter 

Thursday's sexuality seminar, 
the last in the Fourth CoUese 
series, featured a panel discussing 
its views on sexuality and related 
topiCS. The panel consisted of a 
transsexual, a prostitute, two 
homosexuals, a priest and . a 
married couple. 

All of the peoPle on the panel 
agreed that the way people 
exercise their sexuality is their 
own business. UCSD priest, Father 
Kevin Muon emphasized that in 
exercising sexual rights people 
ought to be aware of how their 
actions will 'affect those wtth whom 
they are Involved. 

Each panel member advocated 
different 'ideas, but therewetlC no 
serious conflicts of opinion. 
According to some of the students 
approached after the seminar, 
there were some surprising 
revelations fOl' them. Some were 

The Triton Times Is published by UCSO 
sludenls as an oHlc lal slUde nt 
newspaper. Publicallon ·Is on Mondays, 
Wednesdays and Fridays during Ihe 
regular school year (excepl on official 
holidays, . Editorial and business off ices 
are located in Ihe Siudent Cenler at the 
Uni ..... rsily of California, San Diego. For 
editorial. call 452·3466 ; for bUSiness and 
display adv!,rtising, call 452-3468. 

Lellers 10 Ihe editor and opinion 
columns are welcomed , A ll submiSSions 
must be Iyped and double-spaced on a 
74-space line . They should nOI exceed I· 
112 pages In length. 

surprised at the intelligence and 
the well-groomed look ci the 
prostitute which contradicted their 
stereotype of a prostitute. Others 
were surprised at the favorable 
stand Father Muon took on the 
legalization of prostitution. 

A Sbared Desire 
Each panel member shared a 

central desire. They all wanted to 
be accepted as individuals, 
whether or not one agrees with 

what they represent or what they 
do. They are tired, they said, of 
being the victims of social stigmas 
and stereotypes. Diane, (the 
transsexual), summed up this 
feeling. She said, " I want you to 
accept me not because of what I 
did, because I did what I did to 

~eome whole. I want you to accept 
me for who I am." The audience 
responded with a burst of ap-
plause. 

Premed Student MeetingSet 
The PremedlHealth Sciences office's series of mandatory infonnation 

seminars for students interested In medical, osteopathy or dental schools 
is set to start Thursday night. 

The first session -at 7: 00 in building C of the Student Center-will offer 
Infonnation about the new MCAT, preparation courses, application time 
schedules, fees, letters of recommendation, prerequisites and peer 
counseling infonnation. 

According to PremedlHealth Sciences officer Carol Ann Merrill, the 
entire premed office procedure has changed and all committee in-
terviews will be held in the spring. File establishment materials will be 
available only at this Thursday's meeting, Merrill said. 

Parking 
Students are Reminded 

"5" Parld", Permit. are Valid in YEllOW STRIPED 
Perking s,Gce. Onl,. (Ste Call1PUI Map) 

• Citations a" Inued Illegal Parking. Familiarize Y"neH 
with tile P .... in. Regulations_ 

KPRI presents 

WEDNESDAY JANUARY 26 
san DIiGOGlB IW1 

ALL SUTS aESERVlD: , ' .50, 6. 
Tickets AVllllble at SIn DI,CO Civic: Thill" loll Off iCI, 

lrd .nd " 8" Streets, HI,hl.nder Men's Stores and I II Metro AI,ncllS 
fOf Information call 216 ·6510. 

1977 Fly Away 
New ABC OIghts to: 

Paris from 452 
London .from 449 
Amsterdam from 459 

Also flights to: 

Hawaii 
Hong Kong 

Athens 
Israel 

and much. much more 

Stay 14-350 days 
ever flying 
must book at least 

50 days ahead 

Page 3 

Submilloo malerlal must bear Ihe 
name and student idenl illcation number 
of the aUlhor. Names can be wllmeld 
from publication on reQuesl ; howe""r the 
names will be held on file for public 
Inspecllon. 

The Trllon Times reserves Ihe righl 10 
edll submissions because 01 spac .. 
limilallons or style requirements. 

Entire contents copyright 1976. the 
TriionTIm •. 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223. ~CIEE Student Travel Services Contact:' Mark Dana or Ken Labowe UCSD International Center Q-OI8 Open Weekdays 1·5 pm CaU452-0630 
University of California' Student Lobby Leqislative 'Proqram 
Andy Schneider, Campus Representative to sope. 

I tudellt Alflnn.tlve .A(tloll: Conlinued support in Ihe budgel for the University's Student Affirmative Action efforts designed 10 recruit, financially assisl. and retain sludents from disadvantaged areas of Ihe Stale. pon..,. legislation (to be reintroduced by Vic Fazio) approprialing $2 million for pilot projects 
addressing the information gap betw~n the various 
providers fo postsecondary educalion and high 
school and community college students from low 
incomt areas. 

5 
2 Sludellt Lo.III: The majority of banks have disconlinuted their sludent ' Ioan progrllm. Wells Fargo and Bank of America, the two banks remaining in the program, lend only to prior recipients .. they do not extend loans to new borrowers. Supporl legislation making the State a 

auarllntor of student loans, shifling the ad-
ministration of the program from the federal 
government to Ihe Suite. Several banks have in-
dicated they wilt re-enter the program. which sub· 
sidizes the low inleresl on loans for middle income 
studenls. if certain changes are made in the guaranlee 
operalion. Op ..... S8 25 (Greene) makinlthe Slate a 
derect lender rather than a ,uaranlor. 

Fee : The Regenls approved a regi5l ration fee in-
crease in July, 1976 Ihal will rai.., luition at the 
University from S600/ year 10 a maximum of S693 . 
nOI including addilional COSIS for tudenl aCliviles. 
parking and laboralory f~s . SludenHl opposed 
raising fees at all campuses and were supported by 
the Governor in their porposal 10 rai.., fees only 10 
levels needed to offset deficils on individual cam· 
puses. The Univer ity is now proposing a $10 million 
transfer of regislralion and educalion fee programs 
10 the gerneral fund . We have proposed control 
budgel language Ihal will force Ihe University 10 
restruclu", the fee increase, permining ludents Ihe 
option of CUlling back on services ralher Ihal in-
creasing luition 10 Ihe full amount proposed by Ihe 
adminislralion. We are also drafting a bill which 
would aive sludehlS control of their siudeni 
assoiciation r~s. 

3 Hou 1.1: OPPOM AB 2 (Cline) making local rent rqulation subiect to a statewide approval from Iht legislature. SpeI""" Iqislalion (to be reintroduced by Howard Berman) adding the classification of students 10 the Rumford Fair Housing ' Act . prohibiting discrimination against students by landlords. The University and Student Lobby will co-
spa_r legislation exempting studenl housing from 
Ihe county-assessed possessory intereslt8l1 , for which 
Sludenls have been billed for the first time in 
Alameda County. 
Colledl .. "'JI!holal: The need for studml par-
Ilcjpalion in h'gher education collective barsaining 
became a major point of cont~tion In 1975 and 1976 
as several comprehensive bill worked their way 
Ihrough Ihe legislature. An a,rtement reached 
between the California L.abor Federation, the 
Governor, the leadership of the Assembly. Ihe 
Univers ity and siudent leaders of Ihe UniversilY of 
Ca lifornia and the Slate Collcles and UnlversilY 
sy tem provides for indepc:ndml student par· 
licill«tion, without a vote, at all neaotiations between 
Ihe admini Iration and academic laff. We will work 
10 assure thai all parties honor the aarcement for any 
collect ive bargainln~ Iqislation affeClina Ihe 
Univer ity of California. 

,-

6 

8 

FlanNI 'AId: Introdu« legislation to increase 
funding for Graduale FeUowships. We "'ill al 0 
continue to work wilh Ihe IUdent Aid Commi ion 
on developing. common delivet'y sy lem of financial 
aid in Ihe Stale .. 

Con!IU1IIft' Inrormlllon:.Sponso. a resolulion on the 
need for mote informal ion in college calaloaues on 
class izes. number or small clas..,s and olher sudenl 
consumer information. potior legislalion 10 
establish regional centers for collecting and 
d;sseminating comparative infonnalion on Ihe 
academic benefit! of local colleges and universities . 

WO<km' Com~n .1I0n: ponsor legislalion (10 be 
reinlro<luced by vic Fazio) e~tending pecified 
presumption of disabOilY to 22 sludent firtfighle rs 
at Davi and Sanla Cruz. the only firefiahlers in the 
Slale thlll do not enjoy these bene fils . The Governor 
ha vel oed the bililwo years in a row. The firsl year 
he indicaled Ihal Ihe velO was inappropriato. last 
year il wa noces ary 10 velo in order 10 avoid 
chaptering out olher Ie i lation . 

The UC Student Lobby introduces, oppo es or amend propo ed law, to meet the intere t of tudent . 
Policy is determined by the Student Body President ' ouncil. The activities of the tudent obby are in 
part funded by contribution from the UCSan Diego tudent Activity Fee. Additional is ue information 
is available from the campu repre entalive to BP . all Andy chneider 452-4450. 



.1'114111 .... 'S 

'12-1 pm - ConcUtlooJog. Wrestling room. 
Noon-4 pm - OASIS BicK:hem ClloJc, walk in tutoring. 410 Hwnanities Library 

(Basement) . ' 
3-6 pm-Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
3:30 pm - Reproductive Medicine Seminar, room 2154 H&SS Bldg., Muir. Dr. Gordon H. 

Sato, "Replacement of Serum with Hormones in Cell Culture." 
3:30 pm - Space Research & tbe New Astrophysics, room 2250 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. 

Walker Fillius: "Jovian Magnetosphere. " 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 

4 pm - Meenng to re-rorm l' emlllist Coalition and plan events for International Women's 
Day. Women's Center, behind EDNA, Student Center Complex. 

4 pm -The Feminist Coalition aDd the Women's Center are meeting to make plans for this 
quarter -please come and brirw: vour ideas! Women's Center. _ 

4 'pm - "Searching for a Niche," North Conf. Room, Student Center. A ser!es _of 'gym-
po slums by Fourth College. Harvey Selverston, CPP, "Doing it Well Under Pressure." 
Free. 

4 pm - High Energy Physics seminar, room 1438 H·L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Jack Gunion, UC 
Davis, "Applications of Color to Hadronic Reactions. II 

4: 30-6: 30 pm - Gymoastlcs. South Balcony. 
5-7:30 pm- Belly liance. North Balcony. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control ClloJc. Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap Session at 7 

pm. All welcome. Student Health. call 452·2669. 
s.6 om!.. Cooditiooio2 Club. Wrestling Room. 
s.6 pm - AWdo. East Coof. Room Student Center. 
6-9 pm - OASlS Blo-Cbem (''UoIc, walk 10 tutoring. 4lU Humanities Ubrary [Basement). 
6-7 pm - Weigljt Lifting. Rec. Conf. Room. 1st meeting. 
6-9 pm - Snow Ski. H&sS 1330 Sun Valley Movie & Speaker. 
6:30 pm - UCSD Student Cooperative Uoion meeting. North Conference Room, Student 

Center. • 
7-9pm-AJkldo. Wrestling Room. 
7:30 pm - AU TM mecUtators: "get acquainted m~eting" special videotape to start new 

year. Refreshments. Game Room Conference Room Student Center. 
8-11 pm -Israeli Folk Dancing · Leslie will revi.ew dances from recent workshops 8-9; from 

9 on, dances by request. Rec. Gym Conference Room. 
8 pm - HumaD Sexuality Seminars - Topic : Women's Sexual Self Awareness with film 

"Taking Our Bodies Back". Speaker: Judy Goldfinch. Includes many topics on women's 
sexual awareness. Revelle North Dining Room. . 

9:15 pm - MondayNUe Films· "Once Upon a Time, in the West,"-a classic westl:rn sta-rring 
Henry Fonda. Muir 5&Dime. Free. 

Study Skills Class. The Reading and Study Skills Program offers groups designed to assist 
students who request help with developing effective reading and study skills. Come to the 
OASIS office, Student Center Complex, Building "B", to sign up for a group. For additional 
information about the Reading and Study Skills Program, contact Barbara Penn at the OASIS , 
office, 452-3760. 

Effective ReadJug Classes. The Reading and Study Skills Program offers groups designed 
to assist students who request help with developing effective reading and study skills. Come 
to the OASIS office, Student Center Complex, Building "B", to sign up for a group. For ad-
ditional information about the Reading and Study Skills Program, contact Barbara Penn at 
the OASIS office, 452-3760. 

12-1 pm - ConcUtlooJog. Wrestling Room. 

<What , ~ . 
12 noon·1 pm - Nooa COlleen· "Dance of the Universe", on Muir Quad. Free. 
Nooa Coacert, Mandeville Center. "Flutes of uam:" Music by Bach, Kuhlau, Debussy and 

Hindemith. Free. 
12 noon-f pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Bio-Cheni Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities Library 

(Basement). 
1:30 pm - SoUd State SemiDar, room 2113 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. Harry Suh! and Titn 

Knowles, "The sticking Coefficient of Atoms on Solid Surfaces at Low Temperatures." 
3: 30 pm - Arcbery. Room 20 Rec. Gym. . 
3:30 om - SnHilll Thenretlcal Phvslcs Seminar. room 1402 H-L Bid!! .. Revelle. Dr. E. 

Brezin, CEN Saclay, France, "High-Order Tenns in Perturbation 'Theory." 
3:30 pm - Ecooomics SeJJlinu, room a:nti H-L Hidg., Kevelle . Ur. Lawrence t;. ~lume , u~ 

Berkeley, "Rational Expectations and Stochastic Temporary Equilibrium." 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 

~ pm - HELP Program. Student Center Complex, Bldg. "C". 
4:30 pm -; Department of Neurosciences Seminar, room 2100 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Samuel 

H. Barondes, " Indigenous Cell Surface Lectins May Mediate Specific Cellular Cohesion . II 
4: 30-6: 30 pm - Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap Session at 7 

pm_All welcome. Student Health. Call 452·2669. 
6 pm - ACLU [AmericaD Civil Liberties UoIon) meeting to discuss projects anti civil rights 

issues. Coffee Hut. 
6-7 :3Opm-Outlng: Rec. Conf. Room. 
6:30 pm - Meeting, Uoion of Jewisb Students. Student Organizations Conference Room. 
7-10 pm - Rebearsal of "'Ibe Taldng of Miss Janie," UCSD Theater, Matthews. Comments 

will be offered by playwright Ed Bullins and director Luther James during rehearsal. Open 
free to the Dublic. 

7·10pm-Soariog. US82622. 
7:30 pm - "SearcbiDg for a Nicbe," East Room, Mandeville <;:4!nter. Fourth College sym-

posiwn given by Dr. Robb Mashman who will lecture on "Changing Your State of Mind." 
Free. 

7: 30 pm - Men's voUeyball, Main Gym. UC SarrDiego vs. San Diego Evening College. Free. 
8 pm -International Club Speaker Series. Dr. F.G. Bailey, UCSD, Dept. of Anthropology 

will speak on "Myth: Morality and Expendiency in Organisational Politics." International 
Center. Free. . 

8 pm - Atomic Cafe. New music an Music Theatre by UCSD Composers. Mandeville· 
Recital Hall. Free. 

9: 15 pm - Live Entertainment Night. Muir 5&Dime. Free. 

11 am - Staff Association Meeting on Affirmative Action, Small dining room, U 
Hospital. Open forum with those directly involved with affirmative action programs. 

12 noon - AMES 205 Film Series. Film: "Fluid Dynamics of Drag, Part II", presented 
the Department of AMES. 7104 Urey Hall . Free. 

12·1 pm - Conditioning. Wrestling room. 
12noon-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Bio-Chem Clinic, walk in tutormg. 410 Humanities 

[basement ). 
12-4 :30 pm - Blrtb Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Call 

or drop by. Student Hea lth. • 
12:30-2:30 pm Sex Clinic. For students seeking information or counseling about 

sexual rWl~ioning . Me~ts every Wed. Revelle Counselor's OfQce, x3490. 
1 pm - Health Science field trip to U.S.S. Ranger. Meet at Student Center Complex , Bldg. 

"8" . 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. -
4 pm - Astrophysics-Space Physics Seminar, room 1438 H·L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Hannes 

Alfven, " Electric Currents in Cosmic Plasmas." 
4 pm - ED BULLINS, noted contemporary Black playwright, will speak on the Develop' 

ment of Afro-American Literature and Drama. Mr. Bullins is in Residence at UCSD 8$ 
Regents' Lecturer the week of January 24. Mandeville Recital Hall . Free. 

4-5 : 30 pm - "Careers for Women" - informal discussion among students regarding lifestyle 
and career choice. International Center. Free. 

4:30-6:30pm -Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
s.6 pm - Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room. 

What's 
Up? 

~ 
.§ 
l! 
~ 

Dr. LUtleman 
WE'RE AS MAD AS HELL AND 

WE'RE NOT GOING TO TAKE IT 
ANYMORE!!! 

There. Now we feel better. It is 
just t~t it's not easy trying to write 

an answer column when people 
won't submit any questions. To 
make it easier for you, our reader, to 
contribute to this fast-dylng column, 
we've expanded to include in our 
space any or all campus gossip 
(well, that 's what it is,) interesting 
information bits, and any in· 
formation that needs to be leaked 
through this column to preserve 
anonymity. But, alas and alec, when 
deadline comes around each 
Wednesday at 4:00, we see no 
questions and know we've been 
forgotten again. 

As promised last week, we have 
more on the trible·like Murphy's 
Laws; they seem to be everywhere. 
According to George, the first Law·if 
anything can go wrong it will·was 
not the byproduct of the union of his 
parents. Rather, he explains, the 
original law declared that a jellJed 
piece of bread always fell jelly side 
down ( try thia for yourself and see if 
this doesn't hold true. If you Ilice of 
bread falls jelly side up, tID does not 
mean the Law has been vlelated. It 
simply means that you have put the 
jelly on the wrong side of the bread. 
Try it again.) 

As this law was past down from 
Murphy to Murphy, It lost something 
in the translation, then gained 
something in the trans"ian'. 
translation, and then ... well, you can 

6.8 pm - Surfing. Biology Bldg. 2135. 
6.8 :30 pm -Jazz Dance. North Balcony. 
7 pm - "Searcblog for a Nicbe," International Center, Matthews. Fourth College sym· 
siwn presents Vicki Newman who will discuss, "Eat, Drink and Be Wary." Free. 

P07:30 pm - Speaker Matti Meged; Dean facuity of Humanities, Haifa University, will speak 
on Zionism: As a Sociall..iberation Movement. Sponsored by the Union of Jewish Students. 
Muir Biology Building 2~35. Free, open to public. 

7:30 pm - Calpirg Quarterly Organizational meeting. North Conference Room, Student 
Center. 

7: 30-9 pm - BSU meeting. APM 2113. 
8 pm - Vincent Bugllosi Lecture, Mandeville Auditoriwn. Bugliosi, attorney and author of 

"Helter Skelter ," will give a narrative on the Manson murders. UCSD students : $2; general 
admission: $3. Tickets available at the UCSD box office, 452-4559. 

9 pm - Meeting of PisoUtlc Uraol~s to plan field trip to Jacumba. Lounge Conference 
Room, Student Center. 

9 pm - 'Hootanaooy Night - An open forum for all musicians to play and for all people to 
listen -Muir 5&Dime. Free. . 

Effective Reading Classes. The Reading and Study Skills Program offerS groups designed 
to assist students who request help with developing effective reading and study skills. Come 
to the OASIS office, Student Center Complex, Building "B", to sign up for a grQup. For ad-
ditional information about the Reading and study Skills Program, contact Barbara Penn at 
the OASIS office, 452-3760. 

10 am - Polltjouroal meetiDg. HL 2550. 
12 noon-4 pm and 6-9 pm - -OASIS Bio-Cbeql Cl1oJc, walk in tutoring. 410 Humaoitiell library 

[basement ). 
12-1 pm - Conditioning. Wrestling room. 
Noon ... Staff Auoclatioo Program on AHlrmative Action, Mandevi.lle Recital Hall. Open 
forum with those directly involved in affirmative action programs. 
12-4 : 30 pm - Birth Control ClloJc. Counseling, information, and appointments. Call 452-2669 

or drop by. Student Health. • 
12 :30 pm - Sumner Series, Sunmer Aud., SIO. Dr. Harmon Craig will present his color slide 

show, "Ethiopia: The Rift Valley, Blue Nile and Afar Depression." Free. . 
] -2 :3U pm - Lecture by Professor Bernard T. Feld, Dept. of Physics, M.LT., title of lecture : 

"Nuclear Power and Nuclear Proliferation". Pol. Sci. l05B Classroom TLH 104. Free. 
2 pm - Colloquium. Speaker: Emmon Bach (Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral 

Sciences). Title: "Classical Trans(ormational TheQrv: A Def.eos_e_arulElte.osipQ '~. PkL.3317. 
3:30 pm - Reproductive Medicine Seminar. "The Mechanochemical Properties of 

Erythro id Cell Membranes" given by Dr. S. Jonathan Singer, Professor of Biology, UCSD. 
Garren Auditoriwn, BSB, Matthews Campus, UCSD. 

4:30-6 :30 pm -Gymoastlcs. South Balcony. 
4 pm - Men's and women's swimming, UCSD pool. UCSD vs. Ambassador. Free. 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Bal~ny. 
4-4 :30pm-HorsebackRidiog [MTG] Rec. Conf. Room. 
4 pm - Physics Colloquium, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Douglas Scalapino, UC Santa 

Barbara . "Hot Superconductors." 
4-6 pm - Yoga. Adaptive Room. 
4 :30 pm - Outing. Equipment Checkout. 
5-8 pm - Ballroom Dance. Rec. Conf. Room. 
7-9 pm - Premed Information Seminar. Student Center Complex, Bldg. "B". 
7-10 pm - Fencing. West Balcony. 
7-9 pm - Fourth College'SiUdeiit Government Cabinet meeting. 302 MC Conf. Rm. 
7: 15 pm - Dr. Dorotby Donnelly, lecture/cUsc~sion - "The Meditation Connection." 

International Center. Free. . 
. 7:30-9 pm-Drill Team. North Balcony. 
7:30 pm - Baha'I Fireside· Where will mankind go from here? ! Come to our Fireside at the 

Student Center Gameroom Conference Room or call Dan or Tim at 222-5202 for more inCo. 
Gameroom-Conference Room. Student Center. 

7:30 pm - "Searcbiog for a Nicbe," Matthews Cafeteria. Fourth College presents this 
symposium by Dr. Paul Brenner who will discuss, "Time, Space and Healing." Free. 

are presently 
none of which 
with jelly or 

laws have 
11I"':IIIU~y of 

everybody, 
it. 
law of 

tha t nothing 

get into a thing 

Want to ~, you 
else first. 

sornethinll so 
can mlsun-

will. 

Times. We bear tbat someone oat you can learn something from every 
there is 10 love with us. Althougb we person you meet, you'll lead tbat 
dOn't work for the·news departmeni, much richer a life . 
we are available for tbe rigbt offer. You say you're bogged down in 
E.E. & M.E. books? Ask yourself the following 

This fOWids like it belongs in the -questions : When I leave college 
personals and not here. However, which will I be dealing with more-
we, like you two, are desperate. So . people or books? How much of what 
okay! Everyone interested in a I am learning willi always be able to 
couple of brunettes should send us a look up if I every need to know it 
picture of themselves and what again? We're not recommending 
they'd most like to do with them. that you forget about your studies. 
Hint: They are both very position They're .good for exercising the 
oriented. mind and teaching you how to think. 

Dear Doc: Do the .-Ring at· We are reconunending you get out of 
tendants work oa eommlssloa? your room and interact with people. 

No, Jllllt on campus. Join committees or clubs or ~ 
Dear. Doc: lam a freshman bere tramural teams or whatever. But 

at UCSD aad I llave 8lready foud get out and experience a time which 
myself heged down ta ae_emiea. will never come'around again. 
Isn't there more to colle. tIua. -
boob a" balldlop? 

Dear Lost In the Jungle: UCSD 
has muc" more to offer you thAn 
tests and teachers. It's just hard to 
find . You have to make the effort. 
College can be, and is for many, a 
four year experience in which a 
studem tries u many new things u 
he or she can. It is also the best time 
In a person's life to meet people. 
There's more to UCSD than the 
students in yOIU' claues. There are 
aooo undergraduates, 10,000 faculty 
and staff, and almost a thousand 
memben in the alumni uaoctatlon. 
H you go through life beUeving that 

The thought we leave you with tbis 
week we heard from Dr. John IlII8cs 
of Scripps. He was quoting Roger 
ReveUe. If any other faculty or staff 
have some words to live by tbey 
would like to pass along, send it to 
\.D. If we decide to print them, then 
you haven't wasted your time 
sending them. 11IiI week'. tboq~: 
" Mott great diaceverin are made 
by people who .are DOt quite aare 
what they are dllia,," 

Dr. UTl'LEMAN 

PageS 

." 

9: I5-midnight - Game Nigbt -Games for everybody to come down and play. Muir 5&Dime. 
Free. 

Friday 

11 am - Lecture, Southwest Fisheries Aud., La Jolla Shores Drive. Dr. Charles P.O'Oon-
nell, SWFC, " Histological Evaluation of the Starving Condition in Anchovy Larvae." 

12-4 om - OASIS Blo-Chem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities Library (basement). 
12-4:30 pm - ffirth Control Cliolc. Counseling, information and appointments. Call 452-2669 

or drop by. Student Health. 
12:05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar, room 397 Vaughn Hall, SIO. Dr. Ralph A. Lewin, 

" Prochlorophytes : Ancestral Chloroplasts? " 
12~ pm-Table Tennis. Rec. Conf . Room. 
2 pm - AMES·BloengiIteering and Surgery/Orthopedics Seminar, room 2100 BSB, Med. 

School. Prof. V.C. Mow, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, " Bio-mechanical Physiology of 
Normal and Degenerate Synovial Joints." 

. 3 pm - Topics In Respiration, room B248, BSB, Med. School. Dr. Louis Gluck, " New Aspects 
of Surfactant Metabolism: The Role of the Acidic Phospholipids as Stablizers of Lecithin. II 

3 pm - Computer Science Colloqulm. Michael Stonebreaker - UC Berkeley. Information 
Retrieval Systems: An Introduction. AP&M 2313. Free. . 

3:30 pm - Economics Semlnllr_ rnnm ~?11: H-T . RIrI" . R.pvpllP. Thomas S. Ulen, Stanford 
Univ., "Cartels, Regulation and Mergers: Nineteenth Century American Railroad Pools and 
the Interstate Commerce Commission. II 

4 pm - Seminar, Conf. Room B, VA Hospital, La Jolla Village Drive. Dr. Itzhak Binderman, 
Tel Aviv Univ., " In Vitro Studies of Hormonal Action on Bone Cells. II 

4-5 pm-Karate. North Balcony. 
4:3Opm-J.V. Basketball,MainGym. UC San Diego vs. LIFE. Free. 
6 pm - Misbnab study group - minyan. Conference Room A, Student Center. 

6 pm·12 midnight- Meetingoftbe Triton Wargaming Society. USB305OA,3030A, 403OB. 
7 pm - Friday Nlgbt Movies, Mandeville Aud. "Night Porter." General admission : $1.25. 

Repeated at 9 p.~. 
. 7: 30 pm - " Studies in the Hwnan Aura" including the works of Kuthwni and Dual Kul. Free 

to all by Alpha and Omega Alliance. 755-2333. Muir Biology Bldg. 1103. Free, 
7-10 pm - " Tbeatre Games: A Workshop in SpontaDeity," first session of a UC San Diego 

weekend program. To stimulate creativity, participants will practice such exercises as ob-
servation, relaxntion, movement, and mime. Rm. lIlA, Chancellor's Complex, Matthews 
campus, UCSD. Fee : $34, Credit; $29, non-credit. 

7 pm - " Theatre Games: A Worshop in Spontaneity," room lIlA, Matthews. Lynne 
Kaufman will present this extension class in observation, relaxation, movement and mime. 
Class fee : $34 . For information call, 452·3400. 

7: 30pm - Women's basketball, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. Whittier. Free. 
8 pm - Friday Evenings in Del Mar· Christina Rhys harp ; Bernard Batschelet, flute. 

Works by Handel, Debussy, Bach, Telemann and Contemporary Composers. St. Peter's 
Church, Del Mar. General $3.00, Students $2.5\l, Senior Citizens also $2 .50. 

8-11 pm - International Folk Dancing - come learn dances from all over the world from 8-
9: 15, after 9: 15, dances by request. APM 2402. 50 cents non-students. 25 cents students. 

9 am - "Theatre Games: A Workshop in Spontaneity." See Friday, 7 p.m. for details. 
9 am - Family Estate and Tax Planning, room 104, Third Lecture hall. Harold S. Small will 

give this one-day extension seminar to show how to minimize taxes and preserve family 
assets. Class fee : $30. 10 a .m. 

10 am - Shabbos minyan. Conference Room A, Student Center. 
10 am - Bicycle Bike Shop. 

1~12pm-Dril1Team. West Balcony. 
10 am - Juggling Workshop, Craft Center, Revelle. Bobby Rosenburg will give demon-

stration and Individual training. UCSD students : $5 ; general' admission: $7.50. For in-
formation call 452-2021. 

11·12: 30 pm - Aikido. Wrestling Room. 
11 :30 am- Women's rugby, Muir Field . UC San Diego vs. Belmont Shores. Free. 
1 pm - Men's rugby, Muir Field. UC San Diego vs. Chapman. Free. 
1-2:30pm-Judo. Wrestling room. 
5: 30 pm - Catbolic Mass. University Communitv Church. La Jolla Shores and Torrev Pines. 
6:30 pm - International Club: Indian-Pakistani Dinner. Delicious and authentic cuisine. 
~xcltmg entertamment, reservatIons necessary, call452-3731. International Center. $3.00. 

7 pm - Saturday Night Films, room 2722 USB Revelle. "Special Section. II General ad-
mission: $1. 

7 and 9:30 pm - Movie. "Special Section." USB 2722 $1.00 admission. 
8 pm - "La Vlctima," Mandeville Aud. EI Teatro de la Esperanza will perform its newest 

collective play which can be described as a reflection of Chicano life. General admission : $1. 
Tickets available at the UCSD box office. 

8:30-12:30 pm - Winter All Campus Dance. Band to be annoWlced. tJCSD Gym. Free. 

8:30 am - Catholic Mass. University Community Church, corner of La JoUa Shores Drive 
and Torrey Pines. 

5 pm - Catholic Mas •• University Community Church, La Jolla Shores Drive and Torrey 
Pines. 

6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Cbem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Hwnanities Lit rary (basement). 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge Game . Free - (lpen to everyone. North Dining Hall , Revelle 

cafeteria. 
7:30 and 9 prn·11 pm - Toad the Mime, two shows will be present d by Toad the Mime. 

Student Center Bldg. "C" . Admission $2.00 for UCSD students nnd &eneral. ' 

The C.lenda, de.dUne I Thursday at 5 pm. ubmlt all an· 
nouncement of ewen .. to Student Information at the tudent 
Center. 



fOR sAlE 71 Wi Super Beatie' Excellent condition many extras and new parts . Ask lor Glenn 
45~23. (1 12. 1 
TV. butcher block table. Sunbeam ' mix. 

For sale supergla •• 195cm sklls binding 
II Mhlklng boots parka powder pants book. 
459628>4 Rich niyht (1128) Skis: Hexcel 210. Hart I .... tyl.,90. K·Z 3S 

207. Lange boot •. Call 453·7367 (1/241 
Car Covers: 1 tor VW Bug $50; I lor Porsche 
911 SIlO. Call 481-0843 Marl<. (1/281 

master mixer (new) Call 453-0797 best belore 67 VW Bug sunrool new engine and pa int 
9 am or alter6 pm (1/28) . exc. condo runs great 51 toololler 755·3805 

For sal.: Almost new B& W TV. 12 in. $80 call 
Nancy 453.5721 (1 /2.) 

Klngslze walerbed w/rTl/Itlress & htr. $100 
lirm. home & car 8 trac plyr. 8 trae lapes . 7 It. 
couch. dresser. 19" color (1 / 28) 

--FOURTH COLLEII PIESEITS----. 
Mon . Jan . 24 4·5 :30 p.m. 

No Conference Rm . - Stue nt Center 

DOING IT WEll UNDER PRESSURE 
Ha)'veySelverston. M.S.W. 

Tues. Jan . 25 7 '309:00 p.m 
East Room. Mandeville Center 

CHANGING YOUR STATE OF MIND 
Rob Mashman . Ph .D. 

(1/24, 

Am radio aulo scan out of 2402 $20. Boys 
Schwinn Stingray bike good condo S30. 454· 

. 1971 (t 124) 
Surfboard for sale 7ft . " Dos Equls" egg bright 
orange unreal condit ion 570 call Dave after 6 
pm 436·1107 
2 14 " mags for Gen. Motors cars $30 . Plush 
recliner S60 Dynaco SCA800 stereo amp $150753-7621 (1121 ) 
Van · 1968 GMC. stereo. New paint. clutch. 
shOCks. carpet . cablnels. exlras. 51800. 278. 
3061 . evenings (1124) 
Surfboa,ds 7·2 Clinton 545. 7·10 Turner $35 
IX . condo Guitar ex. cond o 570 Call 481 ·9832 
evs. (1/26) 

. 72 Vega GT hatchback .2.000 miles new 
brakes . trans. $1200 or best oller Call Dee 
753-.990 (II 28) 
Sony TC·277 quad tape deck . Very good 
condillon. Best oller 453-7367. (1/24) 
'69 VW camper van '73 engine poptop fully 
equipped Interlor52.00 582·"62. 

Steve Millel tickets. Front row oenler.' Frl. 
Feb. 5. Call27~7988. 

Ampex stereo casselle deck. wood case. new 
head. vu meter. etc. Well cared for. orlg. $150. $70 Jim 453-7450. 
Ski bools-Lange Phantoms. Brand new I 
Used once. Worth $160. will sef l for $90. Call 
755·4259 aft. 6. (2/9) • 
Scuba gear·everythlng but tank. regu lator. 
gauges. Worth $350. Will sell fo r $200. Call 
755-4259 afl. 5 (219) 

, 

Honda CL·l0052OOIoffer. Must sef l by Feb. 2 
452-0484 0( .2796. Ask for Bruoe. 

PERSONAls 
PsSI Pam aducate the masses leil ihem you'lI 
see them Wed 7:30 at the Zionism lecture 
2135 Blo love Ed (1126) 
Tim Karns: I golla talk 10 you . Call Dave 
Elsen at 452·3466 or come to the TT office. 
(1128) 
Mike Werb Is lonely and misses hi. friends . 
Wrt him at 26W Manzenlta Pk Stanfon! 94503. 
J.C. . 

Dental Club meeting 1/27 at 1:00 in the old 
resident deans olllce across from POSI office 
evry, wefcome. (t 126) 
We need a Feminist Coalition on campus II 
inlerested. come to meeting In Women's 
Canler Mon . Jan . 244 pm . 
Jan 246 pm HSS 1330 ski flick & speaker on 
Sun Valley. Also info. on Utah ski trip on 
Feb 18·22 will be presented. 

WANTEd 
Appointment secretary pt lime eve. Salary 
plus bonus prefer junior or above call Mr. 
Clevenger 272·7\1 0 (1124, 

Volunl_ ·tuto(s needed for low.lnoome 
children of La JOlla. 1 afternoon. Mon., Thu .. 
call 45&-5281 (1 )128) 

SERViCES 
ASB Special : Unisex hairstyling 112 price. 
Haircut. shampoo. blow dry. $8.00. Call 45~ 
8229 fO( appts. The Hair Slyllsl . 7563 Girard (3/21) 
Typing . Marilyn would like to lulflll your 
typing needs .. expert. reasonable . has an 
IBM . New . 27006728 (21 4) 
Lost unwanted pounds & Inchtia. Heal thy & 
easy way 10 lose weight & keep It off. C.II 
Lynn 481-8290 (3121 ) 
Math grad will tutor. call Dan 753-8952. 

Roomates share co-ed house. Prefer · 
females .' Must appreclale clean house 
5100/mth own room 753·7621 (1 /28) 
To share spacious 3 br house In Del Mar with 
I olher person. All amenities & view 755.36.2 
755·72t5 (1126) 

, 

Hooslng contract lor sale male single rm . 
Tioga G~5 452·8670 (1/24) 
Male roommate needed to share large room 
in Del Mar. ""'·block from beach. beautiful $105. Cell Chip 75~306. 
Need 3 girls to rent 4BR·2BA unf W rei ap In 
Clmnt W 6-mo contract S88 ea. 125 1 st mo. 
Terl 277·5936. 
Female roommate wantd lor Ig. l.J . house. 
Own room and balh: SUPER house rent; 
$I 05 /mon 454-281 3. 
Fema le roommale wantd. Lg . su per L.J. 
house own room and balh. 454·2813. 

t'~"""'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''-~' ,c.o~ f~LOOD . 
{ '183 India , 
{ 327 F Street l 

~ PAYSDONORS ( 
, ! 
f for Service ',: 
I Mon. - Fri . i 233·5481 t 
j 234-4601 ' 1 

........................... --..~.-.. -...... " 

Mo .... ,., J .. ...,. 24, lJ77 

PVT BATHroom fO( If In ClaJremont house 
PVT BATH no smoking. prefer gred. $100. ph 
270·7983 PVT BATH 
Studio apt. near beach-Pacific S.ch area. 
Nice kitchen . utilltl., paid S175 lmo. 
negotiable 270·4819 (1 Ile) 

. TRAVEl 
EUROPE ISRAEt AFRICA .. Student charter 
flights year round ISCA 1609West,.,ood BlVd. 
.,03. L.A. Cali f. 9002. (213)8a!.5e69. 826-
0955 (3 /2 1) • 
Do you wanl to travel all t:Ner the world for 
free? Then run lor UCSD Monarch. More Info 
coming up. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS' 
For utlll"aI trouble on campus, dial x293O. 
Open 24 hrs. Rape T .. k Foroe enco .... ges 
you to call this number. 

Warren Meck. Reyden Howard . and car owner 
with (Icens. 72.MFG: We have aOme1hlng of 
yours althe TT. . 
Meeting to reorganize theF.mlnlst Coalillon. 
Mon .. Jan. 2. at 4 00 In theWornen', Center. 
Dr. Dorothy Donnelly of lhe Pacific SchOOl 01 
Reflglon In Berkeley will speak on Thursday. 
January 27th at 7 15 PM at lhe International 
Center. Her topic will be "Meditation and 
Prayer. " 

lOST ANd fouNd 
Found: Key on chain at Mesa Apts . bua stop. 
Call.53..8Jt8. 
Lost on Muir tennis court ...... a class ~nG with 
blue stone and Initials TAJ on Inside. Ca" 
Teresa at 452·8681 . ' 
Lost: One pair of sliver star earrings. Please 
return them to Sue al the TT. You know who 
you are!! 

Classified Rates 
Student ads · 25 cenlS 
Personals· 50 cents 
Losl and Found · Iree 
Non'Sludoot ads· $1 
Deadlineall pm. lwo 
days prior to publication. 
Ads may be submllted 
between 8·10 and 12·2 on 
MWF. 6-11 and t·3 on TTh. 

AItortIon AlterHtl". 
S. Diet./Pro-Ute ....... . 

583-l1FE 
Free eGUllleUa., study I'CIGal 

aDdlpeaken 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 
REMINDER, 

Jan. 28 deadline for applications for UCEAP for 1978· ' •• • Brazil . 
Egypt . France. Germany. Ghana. Hong Kong. Isreal. Italy. Japan . 
Kenya. Norway . Spain. Sweden" •• 

Atte ntion ; Students eligible for financial aid (ethn ic minorities and 
ot hers) · do you know that EAP participant,;; are eligible for financial 
aCid btasetd on need? EAP office. X3730 

on ac : 

Education Abroad Program . Wed .. Jan . 26 7-8 :30 International Center 
EAT,DRINK, AND BE WARY 

Victoria Newman . M.S .. R.D. 

Book wanted: Network Anatyala by M.E. 
Vanvalkenburg 3rd ed. t974. Call Bruce at 
453-6377 If you have a COPV. ill 261 . 
The Triton Times needs production people 
Ihat can write headlines and wor!< Tues Thurs 
& Sun. Colltact Becky or Shaun. In the TT 
ollloe. any ti me aiter 1 pm. 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 
UC San Diego Campus Program Board Presents 

Thurs .. Jan . 27 7:30·9 
Fourth College Cafeteria. Matthews Campus 

TIME, SPACE, AND HEALING 
Paul Brenfler. M.D. 

One Judo GI preferably a medium size. 
Contact Rlk454~1 9 . 
11 you need a ride to lhe airport during break .. 
or If you're wil ling 10 drive students lhere. 
please conlacl Shauna In the business office (MC-204) at 452·4235. Wil l form share-a-rlde 
11 demand great. 
Wanlad: women to comprise a fern lnlst 
coalition on campus meeti ng Mon . Jan . 24., 
4 pm lro Women's Cenler. 

the San Diego premiere of 

~/ 
. ;r:! 
'p". , 

. 

" 
- '. 

F bruary 3·5 800 pm 
February 5. 200 pm 
MJndev,lIe Audrto"urn 
Ev nH1gS 

Students $ t 50 
Gen ral AdmiSSIOn $250 

Matinee 
• Siudents S I OU 

Gcn ral AdmiSSion $20P 
For tn formatlon call 452-4559--------. 

Moaday, JaalW)' Z4, 1177 

WItlte W1tales 
~d 

OtlJer Memorabilia 
Last week's inspirational column started off with the murder of Wat-

59n. A glutton for punistunent, I took the place of the deceased, and thus 
came to work with the renowned Sherlock Holmes. When last we 
gathered together we found ourselves presented with the sorry sight of . 
Fourth College Dean GarY Frost, a shadow of his former self; a man 
hunted down as the suspected abductor and murderer of the Chancellor. 
Let us not tarry a moment longer. 

•••••• 

Frost sobbed violenUy while Holmes tried to comfort him. "It's ~ll 
circumstantial evidence," he moaned. "They can't hang a man on cIr-
cumstantial evidence, can they?" 

" No that's not our state's present mode of execution," said Holmes cheerf~y. "Now, come on, man, buck up! I ha~~ followed this affair 

CaIPRIG ... 
[Continued 'rr"u Page 1] 

and in the number of small far-
mers. Since these corporations 
gain from tax breaks, crop sub-
sidies and speculation, they can 
afford to lose money on their small 
harvests. Their prices are 
significanUy lower than those of 
the small farmer I often resulting in 
their being out of business . 
CaIPIRG's Agribusiness Study will 
determine who owns the farming 
land, how lending companies help 
determine who farms, and how tax 
structure affects land use 
decisions. 

closely. Tell me in your own words what happened. " 
" It was.only last Wednesclpy when I met )Vith the Chance~or, said DayCareCeater 

Frost. "God! It seems almost a year ago. Anyway, I was besIde myself Since many working parents are 
with rage. McElroy sold Fourth Colleg~ out. In order to get Third College forced to place their pre-school 
Unit Two in the Governor's budget, ~ sentenced us pennanenUy ~ children in day care centers, 
Matthews Campus. Can you imagine that? Doomed to the desolate spot In CalPlRG is investigating rrivate 
perpetuity." . day care homes in San Diego. The 

Frost covered his hand over his' face, the whole while shuddering With study will compare quality, cost 
revulsion. "Matthews Campus ..... ugh! The rabbits have even deserted it. and functions in the centers and 
The Marines didn't even want it. Can't you see it, ffi!U1! The Chancellor will point out any predominant 
sentenced us to hell!" problem. It will determine a~ 

I watched the De8n'8 face closely, and saw an ever growing flush of propriate sites for the centers and 
anger cross It. His demea~r, his character, suddenly seemed to turn hopes eventually to organize a 
viciously ugly. At that moment, I thought I understood everything. "So it group responsible for allocating 
was then that you killed the Chancellor!" I screamed. "When he laughed federal money for food programs 
at you; when he wouldn't listen «> your request! " . . in these schools. 

" No, you turkey," ~id Frost. "It was then that I .called hun a Ben~(bct 
Arnold a Judas a Quisling a Revelle College sympathizer and a pinko San Diego's current vacancy 
faggot.' Finally i slammed hls Bugs Bunny paperwei~t all over his d~sk ·rate for apartment buildings is 2.8 
and stormed out of the room, . carrying all my weighty papers whIch percent. This small percentage is 
concerned the demands of Fourth-College. " due to the continuing migration of 

" Ah " said Holmes. "That explains the overheard muffled curses, the people to San Diego and increases resoul~ling screams and the noisy poundings,.in addition to acco~nting in the number of Single people. 
for the' heavy object you were seen carrying out. Your testunony Because people are moving in 
disproves the so-called indicating evidence." faster than new buildings can be 

"It's true," said Frost. "I'm as innocent as Paul Saltman." built, landlords often take ad-
"Then by God you're as guilty as sin!" I screamed:. . vantage of tenants by charging 
"Shut up Russell" said Holmes. The great detective paused a exorbitantly high rates. In San 

moment t~n turned to Frost. " But by the way, my good man. Why didn't Diego, apartment rates have gone youexp~inallofthistotheCampus Police?". . up by 50 percent in the past five 
"Those free form fascists were looking to shoot flrst, and ask questions years. CaIPIRG is investigating 

later," exclaimed Frost. "They were out for blood, believe you me. ~t's the situation in San Diego and 
been a hellish ordeal staying one step ahead of those goose steppmg hopes to come up with a rent 
stonntroopers." control proposal suitable for all 

Holmes nodded seriously, his mind working furiously to sort out all the income level families; similar to 
sundry details of the mystery. At last he spoke. "Dr. ~rost, have you read the one in New York, where a 
the accounts of the jlisappearance and supposed murder of the Chancellor vacancy rate of 5 percent is con-
in the newspaper?" " de ed I w 

Frost's face contorted with disgust. "Yeah, I was able to grab a quick SI r very 0 • 
glance of it in that revolting reactionary rag, the Triton Times. They Programs such as the Special 
featured the story on the last page beneath the Revelle reporter, They've Supplemental Food Program for 
gottheirpriorities, I guess." Women, Infants, and Children and 

"Quite so," said Holmes. "At any rate, the other journals have played the National School Lunch 
up the ' story quite prominently. The hypotheses of the local constables Program, reimburse schools and 
have all made the front page. Naturally, their inferen!!es incriminate centers which feed needy children. 
you."· t be' 

"They' re wrong," said Frost bitterly. These programs are no mg 

for the establishment of such 
programs. 

Tracts of land off the San Diego 
Coast may be approved for oil 
drilling this spring. CaIPmG 
wants to organize a lobbying effort 
of fishing organizations, en· 
virorunentalists, and other in-
terested parties to protect this 
land, (three to nine miles offshore 

Jordan ... 
[Continued from 1] 

upon the belief in mystical 
revelation by divination. These 
sects, which he terma Baylaun, 
maintain that they can contact the 
spirit world through a medium, 
who traces Chinese characters in 
the air while irrunersed in a trance. 

Jordan regarm the fact that 
many Chinese attend this sort of 
ritual for yea~ as " fascinating" 
and believes that the mediwns 
themselves provide an opportunity 
to study Chinese cultural 
processes. 

To be successful, a medium must 
dispense advice which is con-
sistenUy beneficial for the people 
who follow it. Jordan said he 
therefore sees such people as 
having developed a sharp intuitive 
sense of the balances of Taiwanese-
life. 

By conducting interviews with a 
number of spirit mediwns, Jordan 
hopes to s imilarly identify im· 
portant facets within the Chinese 
community. 

Chinese Studies Head 
Jordan has been involved with 

Page? 

from Laguna to CarJSbad, and six 
to eighteen miles offs hore from Del 
Mar to Point Loma ) and plans a 
formal appeal that WQuld block the 
drill ing.' 

New Nursing Home Law 
AB 1600 is a recent law passed 

by the state for the benefit of 
Continued 00 Page 8 

UCSD since 1969 and currently 
heads the Chinese Studies 
program. He was previously in 
Taiwan from 1966 to 1968, receiving 
his doctorate from the University 
of Chicago soon thereafter. 

Jordan's current research 
produced around , 2,800 
photographs, and hours of taped 
conversations with Chinese in-
dividuals. In addition to his main 
areas of study, the anthropologist 
cites living within the Buddhist 
community as 'a beneficial by-
product of his visit. 

From his travels in Taiwan, 
Jordan believes the country is 
responding well to the problems of 
growth, including both industrial 
and population considerations. The 
increased demand for employment 
in the country has enabled the 
people to magnify their wealth, 
and do what they desire on a larger ' 
scale. . 

Jordan does not see much 
evidence of Americanization in 
Taiwan ; rather he maintains the 
Chinese are growing and 
responding to change "on their 
owntpnn~ . " 

DC sd theatre presents 
ED Bu..UNS· STARTLING & PROVOCATIVE DRAMA 

~e 'taking ~f 
~iss Jal\ie 

DIRECTED BY LUTI-£R J AMES 
,Performances February 3-6 & 8- J3 al 8:00 pm 

. in U D T heatre. ludents $2.00, General $3 .50 
For informa tion , call 452-4574 or 452-3791 

"I quite concur with you," answered Holmes . "In fact, at this point of fully implemented, however, and 
time it seems no 'great matter to reconstruct the crime and reveal to the Ca lPlRG , with its Federal Food 
world those culprits responsible. However, I'm afraid that right now I can Programs Study, hopes to convince 

Continuedo;n~p~8:g:e~8 ______________________ SC.h.0Q __ I.a.drrWru __ ·. ·.st.r.at.o.rs __ o.f.the __ .n.ee.d ____________________________________________________ ., 

Mission Transmission 
& Brakes COUNSELING AND PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES--WINTER QUA~TER, 1977 sp ialiling in : 
Don1€'~llc. Automatic and 

ltlndard - AI 0 complete 
(3rake Service 

SPECIAL STUDENT 
PRICES WITH AD AND 

1.0. FROM UCSD 
6 131 Miss ion Gorge·Rd. 

2 Ol ocks North of 1-5 
283·6116 

CIALWORKER 
ISRAEL OFFERS 

NEW PROGRAMS 
IN SOCIAL WORK 

If you have a Hebrew 
background and would 
consider entering the Social 
Work profession as. a per· 
manent resident of Israel , we 
have a program for you. 
MSW DEGREE PROGRAM 
Ori entation . intensive 
Hebrew study; significant . 
mea ringful employment. 
RETRAINING PROGRAM 
Retraining at Bar . lIan 
University for any college 
graduate Who wishes to enter 
the field . 

Contact us immediately for 
preliminary interviews. 

ISRAEL 
AlIYAH CENTER 

6505 Wilshire Blvd. 
"807 los Anleles, 

Ca. 90048 
[2131655-7881 . 

WEIGHT 
MANAGEMEN T 
GROUP 

Tu'e~dJY~ 1 A P III 
bpgll1ning JanlidrY 25 
41 2 Matthew; ampus 
10 help you f II,d ~ay5 of 
modify,ng your ealll1g 
hdb,t and develop 
'upport ystems to h{'l" 
main t ain welll h l 
reduction D,ane [yam. 
I aLillt,,10r ali 13" ca or 
Jan al x37SS to si lln up . 

STREES AND ANXIETY 
REDUCTION GROUP 
Thrusdays 11 ·11 10. 
.h('glnning Janudry. 27 
Rl'vt'It(' Coul1~ellng 
Off,ce lor , ludent' 
("pC' " enc lllg high 
"n"eIV In test takln!!. 

I~I . or otl1<'r p<,<,on,,1 
"tUdt Ions 1 h(' aim of 
the goup " to r('du( (' 

'tfl~l)~ and HH rp(l,,",c 
IH ' " ° n ,I I s elf · (Onf ,denle Itullh P,ltes 
,,"d l"""'n Kuhn . 
'.1C IIII.llors Ca ll Yoldnci" 
<It x 1490 to >llln up 

MOTIVATIONAL 
WORKSHOP 
Wl'dn('\day' <) 10 a 111 • 
h .. ~mn IflH h lllll tHY .lb 
Rt'v,·ltp CounQ'I,111l 
Ofhu' l or lucit'll" ~ho 
il'('I' t·ry Il'lhdr~.. ,md 
unmot,vdte d dl,} ' 
c/pm,{ ally The ,11m of 

Ih(' workshop wlil be to 
h Ip the student become 
more succe~sful and 
more enthused In hi s or 
her academic persUl15 . 
Hugh Pates and Rob rt 
Kavanaugh. Facilitator 
Cali x3490. 
HOW TO BE A HUMAN 
BEING AND A 
GRADUATE STUDENT 
AT THE SAME TIME 
'hle,days 5·7p m Thl' 
lif . of a gradu.ltf' ~tud ... nt 
f"'qut'ntly b .. conlt's on!'-
"ded. 0111 enl'rgy I ~ ~pent 
o n cl( clden11( )urvlc.tl Th(l 
fotm of th" group w,li 
bt, to rl'tu'vE' thow otht'r 
parts of our~elves that 
olll'n fJ11 out 01 
lit .HI{'IllI( hfl" 1 h("I11(' ''t 
lh"t IVIIi lw t',plort'(l w,lt 
"" Illd frl'lm"h,p . I,,\t' 
rl·I,lIlt""h,P' . Il'r,dmll 10 
lour 0" n n('('d, ,md 
hc1VIllg fun HlP'! (m 
gOIn!! Ilroup I~ 0p"n to 
n.'" membl'" for tlw 
Ilt'\t Iwo ''''<'k, Rob 
M."h",,,n ,1I1f1 Julll' 
K,·n ny. r ,l( ""alof' 
\ 17 ~~ 4 12 M.ltth('w, 
l.UlIPU\ 

MALE/fEMALE 
SOCIALIZATION 
T lI.,\dav' 3 30 S P nl • 
hf'I(II1"lnll It'hrudry 1 
411 Mdn h('~' C,lI11fJl" 

~rollP to "\plor" till' 

"·I.I1 ,on,, "\IX'( td"om 
,'nd ,1('rt'OI,p'" ,,<' hold 
flhout our "Il" )!. dl1d op 
no"ll' 'l'x. dnci hOI 
these affect behaVior. 
I3l'tty Garna·Bahn and 
I3ft'nd an oilins . 
I ac,IItalors ~J75S 

EXPLORING IDEN1ITY 
Wednesdays 2 · 10 
Pill . tx>!!lnnrng February 
2 412 Mat thew5 

.1mpu, Th roLig h ex· 
~) p r I t ' Ii C e ~ c1 n d 
di'( u"'on, w(, will 
(').pIOH· uur , pH IIll l.l~:W' 
,lnd l ht.' 
II III I t I "b"' l' n h " n ( III); 
.. 11.·( I~ th('y ha~(' on tl1l' 
\oh'Y v,,~ h \t" Iht;' prp~('nt 
tmct C OIl,lru{ t tht' tutrl' 
WI' ",II l"plorl' nl'W 
1",,,,hrl,1 It" Iro hUI11,ln 
"VII1'; th.lt '\c. h"vt' not 
.,I1"''t ·d 0' h,,.(' bet,,, 
IIW ,Ht' n t , ht'for(l 
w.,., I n.Hi My.·" .onei 
11"'"d<l" (01"",. p,,, 
til ,p"n! I "(lI, t"lo" 
. 17~'> 

PERSONAL GROWTH 
GROUPS·AT 
VARIABLE TIMES 
DURING THE 
QUARTIR. 

< II I}. ,(,(" or lal1 at 
\ 17~~ for II,fornMt,on 

EX CLINIC 
I ... h W,'ctnl',d,1y 12 10 

"m 1 10 P m R"wll(' 
(oun",ln" Of h< l' l or 
Incilvldual or coupl S 
"'I'klnll Informal Ion or 
(OUnW"nil about 'E'\ual 
COIKern> HUllh Pate, ,, 
O,ll\nn Proffit . lauren 
Kuhn. Fac,IItators x3490 

FEMALE SEX UALI TY 
GRO UP 
Monday 3 OO-S 00 P 111 
412 Matthews C.,mpus 
51M" '''''UMY 'l hI for ,IX 
,,,,ph I hl ~ 'l'S~lon will 
fOlU' on I'ld,v,dual 

~ t'\lI<11 Devl'lopment . 
!wttllll( 111 touth '\lth 
"'\1",1 11"'111'1:' . • md how 
th .. ", fl'('''nl(' df 
( 0 m III u n I ( at pdt 0 
otl1<'r' I rlurt'IlKtrhll luitl' 
I\\'run t d( .,itt"to", 1755 
COUPLES SEX AliTY 
GROU P: 
r,II',d"y I 10 0; II t1l 
411 r\\dtlh,'\\, (.lmpu, 
[,Itt- T U",dd~ . ) .'bru,,,,, 

11th group for 111",r&('d 
tlild unnlalfl(ld (olJpl(·, 
io enrICh and explor 
sexual ommunlcallon . 
1.IIlI.w" .md ,·",It hnll'nt 
()',Iynn Proffitt. Rob'rt 
M,th",,,n . I d( ,"tator, 
\170;5 

MALE EXUAlITY: 
I hu",'a~ I DO I 10 
P III ~ ·wll .. ( olln,dnr' 
nil" to C; rOll P ".HI' 

Thru,da., . ~ebruary 10th 
lor rl1t'n dp"Ilr llly' to 
dl'lU ... .., .111(..1 p \plo rp 
'('\l1,11 problelll' ,md 
(on( ('rn. Hugh Pdtl" . 
1.1< lilldtor ,l490 

PRE-O RGASM tC GROUP 
FORWOME : 
Will ,to1ft early ,n 
February For women 
who d '''E' to e'pe"eIKe 
orga s mi c respon· 
siveness For further 
Information call x3755 
Lauren Kuhn & Julie 
KenrlV. FaCIlitator 

DISCUSSION OR RAP 
GROUP: 

~tdll nwmb .. " of th .. \p\ 
(1m.. ,lrc' '" dri<lbll' to 
I(,(lei dle,( lI '''lon or rtlp 
grOlJp' tor ,)nly ~dttwrln~ 
01 \ludent\ who d " to 
dl.,( u,.., '('\lIlll "'lit ' ... 
I urth"r IIl lorl11dtlon 
db')lIt tht'\.' 1l'(ld(lPt t J.n 
lx, obt""1l'd by (allrn~ 

~Iu ,h 1',1te,. , '4'10 

I r \lr II"J,vldu.,1 or 
(Quill.·, (oun51'l,nll 
" hot.t PI'r,on,ll '()( h" . 
YO atlOl1al. ~e\ual Or 
rl{ .1I1t'mlt (llIlttlllllt' 
,.111 4~2 l7o;S 
PLE E CLIP AND SAVE 



PIlei 

Revelle Seniors 
Join the 

radu~tion Committee 
Jan. 25at 5:00at 

The Revelle Provoet'l Office 
Everyone Invited 

.Help choose our CJi~duation speaker. 

Size: 

Eligible: 
Any UCSD student. 

The cover will be 5" by 8", 
but entries of all sizes will be 
consfdered. If appropriate, 
more than one entry may be 
used, and therefore more 
than one person may share 

~he prize. 
Wanted: Deadline: 

Cover illustration for a 
Computer Center handbook, 
May be either a photograpn' 
in color or B&W, a eries of 
photograph , or anwork of 
any kind. 

All entries due by February 
II, 1977 at 5:00 pm. Turn 
entries in at 1260 APM or 
1157 APM, 

Theme: Contact : 
Works submitted should 
reflect something about the 
Computer Center, computers 
in general, etc. However, 
truly inspirational intries my 
w;tive this requirement. 

Rick Stevens, Student Intern, 
1260APM. 

Phone: 452-4050 or 452-
9868, 

The 
Very Feminine Question of 
Life Insurance 
In the e liberated times no woman need 
ettle for weak, ineffective financial 

planning. Developing financial 
independence and estate security for the 
future is a important for women a it is 
for men. ~our Fidelity Union Life Field 
A ;;sociate knows that and can help you 
a( hieve a olJegeMa ter ® or other 
program which will meet your needs now 
and in the future. 

Call lll~ rid 'lity ninn Field Associate 
in your area: 

F- · 
U · l}Y.fi nlOnLI 

-. 

• rIt •••• h •• 'S MOIIIay, J .... ry ac, lrn 

Awareness Week Ends 

Women Urged to be Aware of Rape 
by Dorotby IleuJtoD 

Staff Writer 
time they rape, and information rape. She hopes the media will go 
about their methods can be in- beyond the crime, and chronical 
valuable in apprehending them." the successful lives of women who 

"Never put your guard down, be Petenon said she had been ' have been raped. 
conscious of ' yourself," advised '''floored'' by the report in the Varia added th8t "each of us has 
policewoman Debbie Peterson to Triton Times a week ago that there sexual power - women have to be 
30 UCSD studenta who attended a had been six rapes on 'campus last discriminating about which men to 
two hour discussion on rape led by quarter. Peterson stated that one or flirt with. " 
Peterson and Third College Dean rape was reported last year. and 
Beverly Varga last Thursday none 80 far this year. 
evening. Peterson's advice Peterson advised women to 
summed up the purpose of last carry a flashUght and wear a 
week's "Rape Awareness Week," - whistle around their wrist. "There 
- making people aware that rape are really no safe spots on cam-
occurs on campus. pus," she says. So far 100 whistles 

Peterson, who works the have been sold at the WOOlen's 
"graveYlU"d" shift at UCSD, Center. 
outlined the procedures women Peterson also added "know who 
should go through if 'they are you are with because most WOOlen 
raped. After a woman -calls the are raped by men they know." She 
police, or has someone call for her, stated that "premeditated" rape is 
the police will initially be con- more common than "spontaneous" 
cemed about her condition and try rape. 
to put her at ease. Varga'sVlew8 

"Next we will ask certain , Varga discussed some of her 
questions to establish the elements feelings on rape, which are, she 
of the crime, and thirdly we want said, "still in the formative state." 
you to tell us what happened in She stated that "rape is a 
your own words," explained ' combination of a social and hostile 
Peterson. "A medical exam will act. Rape is the ultimate act of 
follow and yoUr clothes will be hostility." . 
taken for such evidence as hair or Varga discussed how in the past 
semen." the subject of rape had never been 

Peterson added that "most brought out into the open. "I'm-
boyfriends and husbands are very elated that the media has grabbed 
understanding and can be called to hold of rape and is airing it. Weare 
the station for support." on a forefront of sexual scientific 

"The woman can tSke the case research." 
as .far as she wants to, the police Although happy with recent 
won't force any questions," em- developments in the media, Varga 
phasized Peterson. She encourages is not agreeable to certain tenns 
the reporting of rape so statistics utilized by the media such as 
can be organized. "Many rapists "scarred for life," "ill," "victim" 
operate in the sam~ manner each and "problem" that dramatize 

CaIPIRG ... 
[Continued from 7] 

nursing home patients. CaIPffiG 
plans to visit the various nursing 
homes in' the county and see if the 
law is being enforced, If it is 
discovered that some homes are 
disobeying the law, CaIPIRG plaIl$ 
to appeal to the State for better 
enforcement. 

Two departments in the city and 
county are charged with regulating 
land development. CaIPffiG's 
Environmental Review Project 

White Whales. .. 
[Continued from 7] 

hopes to examine the qualifications 
and backgrounds of the responsible 
officials of the departments, and 

determin~hether any conflict of 
interest exists within these 
departments. 

Some banks and other lending 
institutions in the San Diego area ' 
refrain from lending money to 
persons living in certain neigir 
borhoods, a practic~ known as 
redlining. Because of the Home 
Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, 
these institutions are obligated to 

not give you the names of those five individuals who are responsible." 
"Why in God's name not?" clamored Frost despera~ly. 
"That I can answer," I proclaimed dramatically. "The damn 

production staff only laid out the column for 60 lines." 
"Quite so," said Holmes. 
NEXT WEEK: BY GUM, THE CONCLUSION! (otherwise entitled: the 

production staff better come through) . 

external 
affairs ••• 

, .. Regents run the university . Are there student problems 
and issues which should be brought to the Regents? The 
San Diego campus representative to the Student Body 
Presidents council (SBPC) can testify at Regent meetings 
on your behalf. 

·information and political resourses are available. 
Contact campus coordinat~r, Andy Schneider 452-
4450 , 

Ar~ you concerned about getting a student loan and the 
high cost of ttending UC San Diego . The UC Lobby 
works for student legislative action in Sacramento. 

-Information and political reaourcea are available. 
Contact campus coordinator, Andy Schneider 462-
4450. 

. More Ideas Djscaased 
,Other discq8sion topics inCluded 

an escort service for students and 
the attitudes of male students 
towards the safety of women here 
on campus. 

Some women expressed their 
feeling that while "some guys joke 
about rape, " others are seriOWI 
about the subject and are "willing 
to walk me to the library ." 

A question debated was whether 
or not "every man is a potential 
rapist." The general feeling was 
that "anyone is capable of 
anything. " 

disclose the areas in which they 
deny loans. CalPlRG's Redlining 
Project will rePQrt on the lending 
practices of such institutions, and 
will try to organize a community 
effort to _ change these present 
lendirig methods. 

Since many senior citizens are 
having difficulty meeting rising 
food MSts, CalPlRG is organizing 
a Senior Food Coop. It will buy food 
directly from the small fanner and 
deliver it to senior citizens at 
special Senior Centers. The project 
will be modeled after the San 
Francisco Food Advisory Service. 

At UCSD the PIRG is organizing 
an Aluminum Can Recycling 
Project. Volunteers will construct 
the receptacles and place them in 
strategic areas around campus, 
with cans periodically coliected 
and taken to reclamation centers. 

Several "continuous" Calplrg 
projects need a constant stream of 
volunteers. Th~ Call Cal line is a 
consumer assistance line, and the 
operators have been trained to 
either belp consumers with their 
complants, or to refer them to an 
other organization that will assist 
them. 

PRECISION CUnlNG 
SKINCARE 

JULLIET MANICURING 

A complete Redken Salon 

3251 HQllda, Ct. 
Right b, La Joli. Village Inn 

45&-0680 
101,7 DISCOUNT 

wllh Student or Facully 10 
or 

Bring thle ad as coupon 


