
f 

Strangelove 2: 
Nuclear Power 
Issues .Eyed . 

BY STEVE LEMKEN 

Coblentz Against Open 
UC Admissions Policy 

by Paul Watry 
Staff Writer 
~illiam Coblentz, Chairman of the Board of Regents, discussed the 

wldespread effects of the recent Bakke decision in a visit to UC San Diego 
last Tuesday. 

Coblentz' talk, one in a series of "question and answer" sessions that he 
has been conducting at UC campuses, was done because he believes no 
other Regent has made a significant attempt to get in touch with the 
students. Further, he feels that it is "his duty" to g~t some perspective of 
, what's on their minds." 

Bakke Decision 
"I've long felt that we need more women and minorities in the 

(CPS)- Nuclear energy is fast 
becoming the number one issue 
among this nation's en-
vironmentalists. The questions 
regarding nuclear power are 
myriad. The answers Jre often 
complex and confusing, depending 
on whether you are talking to a 
proponent or an opponent. In the 
long run though, the only question 
which may really matter could be, 
"Is nuclear power worth it?" 

. . . (n Photo: Bill Brooks) Un~versity ," said Coblentz about the Bakke decision. The Bakke decision, 
Board of Regents chairman William Coblentz fields a question during the ' which was handed d~.wn by ~~ State ~upreme Court on Sept. 16, 1976, 
question and answer period held here Tuesday . Jo Alln Ritchie, student overturned the ~pecl~ admlSSlo~.policy based on race and minority 

Is it safe? Is it clean? Is it cost-
efficient? Will we further strangle I 
and deplete spaceship Earth's 
resources? 

organizations advisor looks on status. Coblentz is agamst the declSlon and asserted that every university 
, . should do its utmost to bring in more minorities. 

Off-Campus Housing Office 
"We are trying to rectify, if we 

can, the injustices of the past," 
said Coblentz. Citing the Reagan 

NearMiael 
Although there hasn't ' been a 

major ' accident at any of the 
currenUy operaUonal atomic or 
nuclear reactors in the U.S., there 
have been some .very near misses. 
a few variations of an all-to-real 
nightmare are: 

Legal Help with . Landlord Woes administration, Coblentz said "that UC Regents should keep their poses out. They are not 
qualified to pass judgement." 

-an experimental breeder plant 
in Detroit underwent a partial core 
melt-down in 1966. 

-a full-scale meltdown was 
narrowly averted in 1975 at the 
Tennessee Valley Authority's 
Brown's Ferry nuclear plant only 
after the facility was shut down by 
hand. Seven of the eleven pressure 
relief systems failed, as well as one 
of the cooling systems for the 
reactor core when a plant worker 
accidenUy started a fire near the 
core. The fire burned for seven 
hours. Damage costs estimated at 
$100 million. 

-83,000 gallons of water co~ 
taminated with radioactive Tir-
tium was dumped into the Co~ 
necticut River by the Vermont 
Yankee plant. ~ 

CoatIDaed OD Pace 8 

by Usa Frankel 
Staff Writer 

"The place had a foul odor. 
There were dog hairs all over the 
floor. The oven didn't work. The 
plumbing was bad and the power 
and gas were slult off. And the 
landlady didn't do a thing about 
it." 

Yes. It's one more of(-campus 
housing gripe ... 

In Sept. 1976, four UCSD students 
looking for off-campus housing 
inquired aboui a house in 
UniversIty City. The house for rent 
was filthy and in poor condition, 
but the landlady agreed to repair 
damages as long as a $775.00 
deposit was given to her im-
mediately. Only a verbal contract 
was made, and the four students 
moved in on Sept. 15, finding the 
house in its· original decrepit 
condition. 

A week later the students had 
still not received word from the 

No Government Models? 
~~pty Ballot is Possibility, 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

As it stands now, UCSD students students, though, feel the Coop has 
are faced with the prospect of an realized its own impending defeat. 
empty ballot on the upcoming Says Andy Schneider, campus 
governance referendum. representative to the Student Body 
. As of Monday, the UCSD Elec- Presidents Council, "It appears to 

bons Board reports that no me that the people in the Coop have 
petitions have been turned in for seen the writing on the wall. " 
student govenunent models or The EDNA staff which has been 
comprehensfve questions for the issuing the petiti~ upon student 
referendum, currenUy set for the- request, says that several inquiries 
seventh week of this quarter. have been made into placing 

However, Fred Speck, who measures on the ballot. Yet those 
headed a task force that met last requests, staff members say, have 
SURUner to investi8ate alternative been made by people who seem to 
student government models for have had only a "vague" idea of 
UCSD, said )(onday that four whattheyplantopropoae. 

g~venunent petitions are being A Rft JI'adUty 
clrculated. Three of the petitions, It has been reported that a group 
he said, represent the models is circulatinc a measure that calla • 
devised by tbe task force: an for a student vote -on a propoaed 
electoral model, with · repreaen- recreational facility that would 
tatives from the colle8es and the provide revenue for the University. 
student body, a non-electoral Although the Coop baa macIJ no 
model and a parUamentary- move to issue ballot me ..... 
participatory model. they have reIeued a lilt of ~ 

AMIIer 481 Interutl pertaining to tbe 
The fourth petItioD, Speck I8Jd, referendum. Student academic 

Is a propoIed relnltMement rl aD freedom, UC aclmluiana polidel, 
~ ........ cw.,....t, women', ri,btl, student and 
Wltha rwIIIdCClllltitutloL community .ervlcea, and 

Wltb &be referendum petition dllclalure.1Id aev .. nee of tIC-
deadUue appI'OIICbbtc nat Jl'rlclay, aA ..... UanIbIpI .... IIIlq their 
Student CeoperaUve Union buIc concerns. 
sPOkelpenon MantJ Reed aid tile Sctmelder aaya the Coop WIll "die 
Coop doea nit plan to clrtulate ltI a quiet death. Their orllinalloala 
own petition nut ........,. Some have falled." 

landlady. Finally, the tenants 
contacted the landlady and 
demanded their money back. 
However, she only returned 
$400.00. Three of the !lngry 
students, Keith Armstrong, Kevin 
Gaffney, and Michael Brown, are 
now taking legal action against the 
landlady, Janice Hernandez, with 
the aid of the Off-Campus Housing 
Office at UCSO. 

Legal Aulstuce 
Many students are being assisted 

in handling not only unfair landlord 
practices but also in finding 
available housing through the 00-
Campus Housing Office (located in 
Building "B" at the student 
Genter). Nick Aguilar of the office 
recommends to any student con-
templating obtaining a legal 
contract for housing to come and 
see him first. 

"Most contracts are landlord-
oriented 'and ·it· is possib1e to 
negotiate with the landlord to get 
provisions deleted or revised. " 
Aguilar encourages students to 
thoroughly read contracts and not 
to sign it unless they are satisfied. 

Many landlords are able to take 
advantage of tenants, Aguilar said, 
simply because, due to shortage of 
housing in San Diego, the vacancy 
rate is very low. San Diego has a 
vacancy rate of between 1.5% -
2.5%, and available housing is 
rarely empty for more than a 
week. 

Aguilar stated, "The tenant is at 
a disadvantage and has little room 
for bargaining. The Off~pus 
Housing Office seeks to assist 
students end act as an arbitrator 
where there is a dispute between 

tenant and landlord, possibly 
before the tenant faces eviction or 
a rent increase. " 

No Student CommuniUes 
Another factor contributing to 
off~mpus housing problems is 
that there are not any large student 
communities near the UCSD 
campus in contrast to heavily 
populated student areas near urn, 
UGB, and UCSB. 

Aguilar urges students to form 
student tenant unions to influence 
landlords to change policies and 
make repairs. Heavier populated 
student areas, such as Del Mar, 

ConUnued on Page 3 

Open Admissions Pollcy 
Connected to the Bakke decision 

was the question of an open ad-
missions policy. Coblentz em-
phatically stated that he was in 
favor of the "master plan," one 
which states that there is strict 
criteria for selecting students. An 
open admissions policy, he 
claimed, would, he claimed, 
would "considerably lower the 
quality of education" in any school. 
This would, he believes, con-
sequently bring disaster to the UC 
schools. 

Coblentz is in favor of a balance. 
"You want to have as many 

Continued on Page 3 

Women's Center Sets :Rape 
Awareness Week for Monday 

by Dorothy Houston 
Staff Writer 

A Ra~ Awareness Week involving discussions, films, and 
presentatlOns on rape has been organized by the UCSD Women's 
Genter for Jan. 17-21. -

"We want to make people aware that rape happens at UCSD and to 
show women basically what they can do to protect themselves " says jun~or Vandi Linstrot, member of the UCSD Rape Task Force. ' 

J...!-nstrot ~dds that another purpose of the week is to help eliminate a 
~,ocletal. atbtude that ~ape. results from a man's strong sexual desire. 

Rape lS a man domrnatmg a woman," says Linstrot. "We want to 
make people a~:rre that rape is not a sex thing but a power thing." 

Some of the Rape Awareness Week" events include a discussion 
and presentation with leading rape authority Freada Klein a film 
presentation, and a seminar on self defense. 

. . . Women Fighting Rape . 
Additionally, Lmstrot hopes tl)8t women will emerge from the 

events of the Rape Awareness Week "more willing" to fight against 
ConUnued on Page 3 

(TT Photo B.lI Br00(3) 
Ron Bur~s. an Instructor at the at the MI ion Bay Aquatic Cent r points out the Intr:casies of th sailboat to Muir 
Junior Shirley Doell ~'e I rday afternoon on the Revelle Plaza Th Aquatic C nl r. 0 joint v nlur with an Di go 
Stole UnlV offer cour e in ailing. urflng. wat}- kung and diving . For mor Information call ·3642 



nton Defended 
By ... ~ ... 

0Dce uPon a time, an In-
dlvId .. 1 named Jeff Fenton 
wroIe & commentary ID the 
Triton nmes that startled 
U(E) studeJU to u.e poiJa that 
they emotionally attacked his 

Terry Knoepp 

person as will as his ob-
servatioos. Fenton's article 
(Triton Times Oct. 13, 1976) was 
foOowed by a backlash 01 at-
tacks that continued through 
the October 29th issue. 

After following this trail of 
events, I decided to delve into 
the facts at the situation. This 
required communicating with 
local authorities, synthesizing 
statistics and recording op-
posing views, relative to the 
proximity of the problem. I will 
not have enough space for the 
whole of my evidence. and will 
instead present a summary of 
my findings. 

Terry Knoepp, the US at-
torney for the San Diego and 
Imperial counties, was the 
obvious authority. He along 
with his staff of 35 attorneys 
represent the federal govern-
ment in calling the prosecuting 
shots against federal offenders 
involving embezzlement, ex-
tortion, fraud, conspiracy, 
. narcotics and illegal im-
• migrants. 

Knoepp, who has announced 
his resignation from his post 
due to the White House 
changeover. explained "San 
Diego's serious problem", as an 
exceedingly demanding and 
precariously situated dilemma, 
;.n that of the 900,000 illegal 
immigrants caught in the past 
year, 286,000 of them were 
apprehended in San Diego's ten 
mile radius. 

The dilemma starts with the 
reluctance of the federal 
government to legalize check 
points and other positive 
measures with the California 
state government's 

autboriIaUoD 01 tbeIe cbeck 
poilU. 1be dilemma further 
apendI wilen Knoepp is ghen 
positive comment. of 
agreement from San Die8o's 
Mexican-Americans while 
receiving different feelingI 
from middle-class consumers. 

In dilclll8lng Il\egal im-
migration, Knoepp read and 
confinned Fenton's article u 
"essentially correct." He ex-
plained that "undocumented 
workers" (illegal aliens) are in 
direct job cODteDtioD with 
almost everyone (to a certain 
degree), especially Mexican-
Americam. 

In a recent downtown San 
Diego investigation, ~7.5 per 
cent at the employees examined 
were discovered' to be un-
doctimented workers. Of these 
new openings, 80 percent were 
filled by unemployed Mexican-
Americans. Surprisingly, two-
thirds of the illegal allen 
workers rival with unemployed 
Americans in mediUm and Ught 
industry. This destroys the 
popular belief that un-
documented workers generally 
assume farming activities. 

If Mexican citizens wish to 
enjoy the positive aspects of 
American employment, they 
must also take the respon-
sibilities of a U.S. citizen, which 
entails naturalization. The 
choice is a simple one but more 
Important is the fact that there 
is a choice. 

This may sound bureaucratic, 
but without these restricting 
parameters the American 
economy would suffer quickly. 
One may contend that without 
illegal aliens certain food prices 
would go up and the cost of 
domestic care would increase, 
but if we allow undocumented 
workers to enter and leave 
freely, the standard of living 
would drop and the base of the 
economy would collapse. (For 
you Econ majors it's defmed as 
external constraiQts, for 
physics major it's called en-
trophy, and for the rest of us It 
means depression.) 

Not only would we make 
things worse for ourselves, but 
worse could be the fate of 
America's poor. 

In the final analysis, would 
you prefer to pay for the 
unemployment of two countries 
(ar the whole world if you like) 
or a few cents more for a head 
of lettuce? 

Alfonso Stance Found Vague 
What an idiotic s tand Mr. 

Alfonso takes when he claims smut 
must be condemned to survive! So 
what'! Is he for it or against it? If 
for it , he must realize that 
legalizing the stuff has certainly 
not curtailed its availability, and if 
...... 

,---_ .. '----------------, 

\It~li'ninvEBOARD 
Dav,d ::, len • Exeeull.o IOltor 
Mark :H, Ie,· M.,aglng editor 
Alan f u !Sell . N ..... editor 
Alae r,e "'I man • Assoclale N ..... adllor 
Vera l 'o<prov. Community edilor 
Ran ~nt "'· OpInion edllor 
Gar; ':in ra ,ol ' Ad .. lllaing M"'aget 
Beck: DeVinney · Production m.,.r 
Sue Nealon· Copy edhor 

$coli Sadll • Sporta adllor 
Tim Mec'Kenzie · All. edllor 
Bill Brool<s , P...,Io adltOt 
Joel C. Oon · Aa_1e N_a edllor 
Shoun. Sloke •• Production MaIW9lf 
Sara J . Lowen · Aa_1e __ edllo< 

against it, why does he bother to 
write this article? If his marks are 
facetious, they are as valueleSs as 
if he were serious. 

Please, Triton Times, you can do 
better than this! 

PATGRETTENBERGER 

1. _"...... 

SUfi WtI"',. 
Reed Alpert 
M.C . Bnen 
Ted Bun.. 
o...eeohen 
J .C. Edelberg 
John Haoerslroh 
Jon HIIlpefln 

MergnlHewey 
o."othy Hou::tOfl 
Ron Kalo 
l.ai<a RIcIIler 
KorkRoblnaon 
Sue Schallner 
WHleyWllda 
PlUlWallY 

Letters to the Editor 
, 

Appeal Made to P & L Vandals 
We have sat quietly by for the 

past year or so and watched as the 
walls of the Psychology Building 
(2C) have been defaced by all of 
you. We can no longer be silent. We 
wish to remind you that your 
"blank space asliing to be filled" is 

University 

for us a place to work, think, and 
study. Here we conduct 'research 
and entertain visitors from other 
institutions. You have made our 
building an embarrassment to us. 

We wonder at your motivation. If 
it is an attempt to show that you 
are· clever, you have faUed. Your 
work is banal at best and offel\9ive 
at worst. If you are UCSD students 
(and we assume you are), then you 
are brighter than your childish 
"humor" reveals. . 

Since the University Police seem 
unable to stop you, and since newly -
painted walls will simply provide 
you with new opportunities for 
vandalism, we appeal to your 
sensibilities. Please Rap. This 
building is where we work. and we 
have had enough. 

MICHAEL D. KUTZNER 
DIANNE SARGENT-POLLOCK 

Dept. of Plyebology 

of California, 
f .veoQ ~>-. i SS/t" 
, "JII'- ( /51: 
~K£P \5 p-, f 

. oJf.R.b .5 
'T~ 'O4-} 
ALFIE [, I 

Celebr~te Jesus With Christian Fellowship 
One thousand nine hundred and 

eighty years ago a baby boy was 
born in a crude sening in a small 
town. Thirty three yoors later he 
was executed by the Roman 
authorities . He had done no 

Pooduclion ANI._. 
Cindy Hellron 
JudyWailon 
A_Wool 
PIIoI ........... 
SIIamonAlkman 
Tom Hughes 
Cllrls~ ' 
.Iueft ... • 
DlnI.Claoil 
Jody Eurman 
MalllAobb 
SIewe SkuDinna 

wrongs, and had in fact lived a 
perfect life. After an initial period 
of three days he was seen again,. 
alive, walking throughout his hOme 
regioo. • 

This man claimed to be God. He 
said that he had come to restore to 
man a long-lost relationship with 
God. He did this by living a human 
life, and then literally rising up 
over the most feared event In that 
life, death. 

He . is still alive today, and 
promises to 'Share his eternal life 

with anyone who will believe in 
him. His name is Jesus, and we've 
just finished ~lebrating his tir· 
thday. His life and clatma are 
recorded in the Holy BIble. 

For more information. or JIIIt to 
talk, come to the IrUrVarsity 
Christian Fellowship meeting 
Wednesday night in the Revelle 
Fonnal Lounge. or come to the 
Campus ~rusade for Christ 
meeting Fridays at 7 pm at WinIer 
Commons. 

The Triton Tlmel Ie publlallad ~ UCSO Iludentl ••• n olllcllll .Iudan\ ....... . 
Public.\lon Is on loIoncIrra. WedMldeya and F~ durtng the N\lUt.f ac~ 
tlllcept on olflc'-I hoIldaY') . EIIHorItIl and bual_ oilIeR ... 1oc.I~ In the SlucMnl 
c.nt.< at lhe UnMroily 01 C.lllom'-. s.n Diego. -For .cIllorItIl. mil 452-3e1: lor ...... 
and dlllP'-"~I.Ing. <*1 452-3488. 

l"IefIIO t .. ~Hor and opinion colum ..... weIc)omed. AN auIIm_IDM._ .. .,.. 
and CICluble-8f**I on .74-......... TIwy aIIould not _eMIl t·1 /2 ..... "' ...... . 

SubmIU., _wMi _I _ the __ .I,*", ~1CIl1on numIIar GIllie ..... . 
~ ten .. WllIIIIeId 1l0III publlc:allor: on IWIII*I; ~ .... _ will ....... l1li till 
IOf putIIIc 1n8l*1I0fI. 

llIe Triton ~ _ ""110"1 10 edlI 1IIIIntIuIoM ..... 01 ~ "" ........ 01 
.IyIeNqUI_I • . 

InIqcont .. I. OOIIYr\gIII 1171. 111- Triton TI_. 

Frida)', .Ja.aryl .. 1ITJ 

Commentary 
Lectures' Outmoded 

byRanAabar 
0pIaI0a EdHor 

Some of us spend twenty hours • week wuUq our time going to lec-
tures for Iower-divlslon clauea. Wasting? Becauae It appears that for 
most lower-divlalon classes tbe lecture II Uttle more than a rehaab Ii the 
text book for the course - or a boring monologue whidl studenta doo't get 
anything out 01. 'I'beIe twemy hours could be put to better use. 
. Evidence for the unimportance Ii most lectures Is glaring at us aU from 
experiences in clasaes. How many times have you missed a class and 
made it up by a little more careful reading at the text and a quick gllmpse 
ri someone else's notes? How many times did you find that tbose notes 
contained little or no new Infonnation? And on the negative side, how is it 
that studems sometimes leave their classes more confused than they 
were when they came ID? 

Something must be terribly wrong. A lecture which reviews the book 
isn't really needed. A lecw.re which contributes to the boredom Ii the 
student, confuses him or her. or simply turns the listener lif is certainly a 
liability to the learning process. 

Add to this the fact that two popular lower-division classes, APIS 61 
(Intro to Computer Science) and Psych 14 (Social Psychology), are 
taught with D8 lectures and report more learning as compared with the 
traditional lecture-oriented classroom. You can rightfully begin to 
wonder. , 

When is the leclure'important? Can it be eliminated completely? 
I think a lecture is valuable only when it makes the student more in-

terested in the subject than before. If this can be done by the presentation 

Fourth Reporter 

. Whale. Watching Trip Planned 
by DaD SL Claire Bacon 

Staff Writer 

The whales are coming! Every 
year the California grey whales 
migrate from the Bering Sea to the 
warm waters of southern 
California. They pass San Diego 
around the last two weeks in 
Jauary, completing their 8,000 mile 
journey in the lagoons of lower 
California to breed and spend the 
winter. 

A two hour whale watching boat 
trip is being planned for Fourth 
students. The cost will be $3.00. The 

. grey whales can safely be ap-
proached by boat. These hannless 
mammals feed on shell fish, their 
most dangerous enemies being the 
killer wllale and man. 

Oceanographer AI Prenti's is 
coming to Fourth College to talk 
more about the whales. The exact 
dates of the boat trip and the 
speaker are still being arranged. 

Coblentz. . 
[Contiaued from 1) 

students as you can and still tum 
out educated and capable people." 

Conspicuously absent from the 
"question and answer" session 
were questions pertaining to the 
recent Scripps Climate Study 
funded by. the CIA. Instead, 
students seemed to concentrate on 
reexamining the role of education 
as it applied to the U.C. schools. 

For more information contact 
Marty Connley, at 452-4581. 

Fourth Program Board 
You don't have to be a member 

of the Fourth program board to 
participate in the meetings. The 
board is planning a Sierra Club 
lodge trip and a hayride amoung 
many other activities for Fourth 
students. The meetings are 
Mondays,7 pm, MC 302. 

Rape Week. • • 
[Continued from Page 1] 

"Pulling the Covers oft Sell" 
Sexuality seminars will be 

place in Matthews cafeteria 
beginning Jan. 17 thru Jan . 20, 7 to 
8:30 pm Guest speakers will talk 
about a variety of topics dealing 
with sexuality . Mondays session is 
entitled 'Pulling the Covers Off 
Sex". The guest speaker will be 
UCSD psychologist, Hugh Pates. 
For more details contact Chris 
Moore, 452-4581. 

rape. She hopes they will be more open in reporting and describing 
rapists to the police. "As long as men keep getting away with rape, 
how will it ever stop?" states Linstrot. 

Linstrot also hopes that the events of the week will help women who 
have been raped to "get away from the feeling of degradation and turn 
anger towards fighting rape instead of turning their frustrations to 
themselves." 

"I'm hoping we have good discussions and that a lot of people 
partic.ipate," says Linstrot. "Many women who have feelings about 
rape 'will show up," she said, adding that she hopes that "men who 
have feelings on rape will come to the events' of Rape Awareness 
Week." 

"Call to Women" 
Unstrot is concerned about the safety of the women living in dorms, 

especially the first year students who "have just left home and think 
they are safe on campus." She is also interested in conducting a "call 
to women" on all the campuses to discuss safety. 

Whistles for women to carry will soon be on sale at the women's 
center and bumper stickers reading "Stop Rape" and "Rape is a 
Political Act" will also be available. Additionally, The Rape Task 
Force is looking for more students to join their group. 

Housing .. 
of relevant information, fine. If it is a repetition ' of the information 
presented in the text, but informatioo which the stude~ want to see ' 
repeated, then the lecture is doing a service to the students. They should 
come away from'it clearer on the subject or at least more confident in 
their interest and thus more able to solve their own problems. 

Pro/Con: Is Rape Political? 
Next week is Rape Awareness Week at UCSD. The UCSD Rape Task 

Force suggested this week's Pro/Con ; Is Rape a political act? That is, 
is rape a statement how men feel about women in our society? . 

[ConU.nued from 1] 
could be conducive to a tenant 
union movement if enough interest 
is generated. It is easy to evict one 
person, Aguilar said, but it is ve ry 
costly to evict an entire group of 
students at once. 

It's obvious that a lecture caQ be made interesting. But this occurs too 
infrequenUy at UCSD. We hear about those professors:· Saville, Christ-
mas, Clark, and a few more each student can probably add to this list -
but unfortunately they comprise the minority. Too often do we get 
complaints that the Revelle Humanities sequence is boring, or that the 
Mathematics professor can't explain his material so many people just 
skip his class. 

So what's the solution? First. I think, we must convince the professors 
of the fact that • non-lnteresting lecture isn't going to accomplish much 
teaching. Books can take the place of teachers in this case. ~ lectures 
would then be a place where the professors could relate some of their 
personal (and more interesting) experiences to the class" -,vithout • 
worrying that there are only three more weeks left in the quarter. The 
lectures could thus become a place students will want to go rather than 
have to, or feel obligated to go. 

And even if the lecture material is not going to be tested on, students 
would probably show up anyway if it was interesting - as is already done . 
in Drama 11 (Introduction to Theatre.) 

We might even find ourselves back to the point where students attend 
classes because they .... to learn and hear more infonnaUoo-, Instead of 
being forced to listen - this after all, II the ideal concept of a university. 

A lot of thought should also be given to why the lecture-less courses 
have such a success rate -and incorporate some Ii their advantages into 
all classes. But as stated before, the first step must be to recognize that 
the present system does not work well. .' 

Rape a Political Act: Pro or Con? 
The Pro/Con column is written by the UCSD community. Each week 

a topic will be submitted for your consideration. We ask that you 
submit your responses in writing by next Monday at 3 pm. 
Representative samples of your opinions will be published at the end 
of the week. 

Submissions should be typed and double-spaced, on a 74-space line. 
They should not exceed Ilh pages in length. 

, I 

FOR 600 
Special Siudeni Oiscounl available lor mid· 
week skiing (Monday Ihrough Friday) . It~cepl December 
20 Ihrough 31 . and February 21 . . 
T.III,",lIfy. p, ... nl ,'u"'nl I.D. and dri ... , licon .. 1o our .Ii,· 
trl .... , .... Ceupenl oyoilobl. f., a nominal chorg. 01 mony 
..... pul ..... Hie ••• and from all , .. ula. lOll oulloll. 

To further help eliminate 
hous ing problems, Aguilar 
suggests, "If you are getting into a . 
roommate situation, do not rush 
into it for convenience, but con-
sider who your l'Oonunates are. 
Often roommates discover they 
can not live together and are 
required to go through the In-
convenience of moving twice, and 
many times they lose the original 
deposit. " 

Thl! ~ff-Campus Housing Office 
can be of benefit in aiding students 
to find housing. Current lists of 
available housing are posted 
throughout the year . Recent 
listings have shown Solana Beach 
and Encinitas to have the most 
reasonable rates. While La Jolla 
and Del Mar are conveniently 
located to the campus, the rents 
are usualJ,y extremely high. 

Finally, Aguilar recommends 
that students will have better luck 
finding housing for the fan if they 
check with the office in late Aug. or 
early Sept. The longer students 
wait the harder it is to find housing 
off campus. 

l· .... ·· ..... ··'· ...... ·~· ..... ··"·· ..... ·· ..... ·-··-·~ 
'COMMUNITY'~ 
fBLOOD BANIG 
( 983 India ~ 
I ~2 . r Str ~ , 

~ PAYSDONORS ( 
~ tor Service ~ i Mon. · Fri. t 
( 233-5481 (' 
i 234·4601 
... ........ ~ . .... ...... .. ~ • • __ t.~ .............. ............. 14 



...... triton times 

FolkM to be Exhibited liP-Funk Earth Show", 
• 

Over one e' nd crafta objects of historic and cootemporary 
significance e arrived at ~ Fine Arts GalJery 01 San Diego for l& T 11 t PI . t A 
cluaionlnthe uhibition: Mingei O-Folk Arts of Japan. U 0 ay a rel1a 

Scbeduled tI) Open to the public on January 22, the ellbibitioo bas been 
otpnized by the Fine Arts Gallery of San Diego in asaociation with 

~el lnter.w1ooal, a San Diego bued DO...pntit organlzatioo 
dedicated to toe preeervation and study of folk art throughout the world. 
The Asian Arts QmunlUee 01 the Fine Arts Gallery is co-sponsoring the 
eve .. with the Fine Arts Gallery. 

The list ollenden to the exhibition is international In scope, resulting In 
the Inclusion of objectS which olfer an original and significant survey of 
the folk arts of Japan. Mlnsei (a tenn referring to the "arts of the 
people"), are devoid of the usual professionalism and sophistication often 
associated with the more self-conscious art expressions. They are the 
arts 01 the pe<;lPle and for the people and not works of an elite group of 
artists or memben of an academy. 

Featured in the exhibition are creatiom by a number of artists 
designated "Living National Treasures of Japan" as well as works by a 
number of lesser-known craftspersons rarely acknowledged for their skill 
and artistry. . 

At the Museum of Contemporary Art in La Jolla through January 23 is 
an exhibition entitled "Who Is Dr. Seuss?" The exhibition includes 
paintings, papier maehe, drawings and book illustrations. by one of the 
most fertile imaginations of our time, and can be seen in the Fayman 
Gallery until January 23. Ten stepS in putting together a book are 
illustrated, as well as work not directly reiated to the books - most of it 
being shown publicly for the first time. . 

The ~useum of Contemporary Art will also have an exhibition of rope 
drawings by Patrick Ireland January 29 through March 26. Painted ropes 
made into spatial configurations and related drawings of paint on canvas 
will be on display in the Fayman and Garden Galleries. The artist's long-
standing interest in depicting ambiguous and infinitely recessive space 
places him in the forefront of contemporary artists seeking alternatives 
to "flatness" in abstract art. 

Ski Mammoth 
• TransportatIon includes 
• LodgIng [In condomInIum w/ Sauna. JacuzzI. Flrep'ace. lV. 
KI.tchen--not In dormsl] 

• Breakfallt. & DInner 

• Only 12 Spots avol/able--Flrllt come, FIrst serve 

January 21-23 Only $33.00 t:ALL 453-9370 

r----~----------~-~~-------, 

l]; 

IlEED MOIIEY 7 
WII' I JOB WITH FLEXIBLE IIOURl7 

"BE I BARTEIiDER" 
Learn a new, exciting career that pays well and can be 

used while going to college. Morning, afternoon and 
evening classes available to fit your SChedule. 

Make a call to change your life. 
CaU"Ste!o'e" or "Dennis" Hours 9 lI.m. 10 10 p.m. 

238·9333 
American Bartenders School 

1357 • 7th Ave Silln Diego CA. 92101 

~---~----------------------

• 
A P." .... OUNf PIC IIJflf· ARt INlf RTA'.; lo4l Nt 

PRfStNT~ • J[R~l' WflNI"A,II PiltOOOCIII)N 
or • AoenT . ~ TfJ.l U rlt M NASH'IlU 
():fC.U!''¥( PftOO(I'fAS lIlA'UW SUAGER AND 
J(RRY l\( ltilR'ij8 • wR:!lfN BV JOA'f leW 
J![seuRl' • J>AOOUCfO ''''0 flA'CllO 8'1' 
ftOflEA' ,l\ ' ''.l~ . "" !tl(. Af'R.NttO AND t}uPEA\H~rO By AttfAAO SASII'" . IN CCl.OA 

PII~w.. • 'A' 1 RJ I~M~' ~ o\KN '" ~ffAlU .,._~_. , 
• p,lHAMOUttr P(,.IUIH 

For mora Information 
about Friday and Saturday film. 

call 452·4559. 

. , 

January 14. 7:00 p.m. and 9 :30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium. S1 .25 
NASHVILLE. 1975, dl,ected by Robert 
Altmln • • tarrlng Henry Glbaon, Lily 
Tomlin, Karen Bilek, Ro.- Blakley. 
and Keith Clrredlne. 
In retrospect, With the U S turning 10 
country-western musIC, CB radios, the 
QOOd-oId·boy South. and J"nmv Carter. 
NASHVILLE IS noth'ng short of proPhelic. 
Altman shuffles and deals hi. twenty· four 
characters like playing cards; USing the Soutn 
and country musIC 85 8; meeting ground tor 
show buSiness and 8 southern presidential 
candidate. campatgn 
Tva never seen a movie floved In quite thIS 
way n's me funniesl epic VIsion 01 AmGflce 
ever to l each the .screen .. 

Pdullii~ Wliiet Tfte NlJw Yorke' 

One of the hottest and IDCJ8t blzarre bands in the 
world, Parliamenl-Funkadelic, will be performing at 
U.e San Diego Sports Arena January Z3 and 24. Led by 
George Clinton, tbe band is touring in conJ~OD 
with the release of part two of Clinton's funk opera 
'··The Clones of Dr. Funkenstein." 

The extravaganza, with production costa of more 
than $276,000, is supported by Bootsy'. Rubber Band 

and Hugh Masekela. The .unique "P-Funk Earth 
Show" was designed by Jules Fisher, ·the same 
person who brought us Kiss. 

"The P-Funk Earth Show" music will range from 
African to R&B to space odyssey.funk, according to 
show repreSentatives. "It's a rock-funk opera and 
we'd like to think from our past successful e.x-
periences that this show and tour will give birth to a 
new experience in rock music - Black rock n' roll. 

English supergroup Jethro Tull will appear at the 
San Diego Sports Arena February 23. Tickets for the 
show go on sale Mondav, January 24. 

,Ie thro Tull 

UC San Diego 

The Mandeuille Center · Was il worth the expense? 
students? The U.S .S . Mandeuille : Pro or Can? The 
attempt to answer some of the questions that haue 
plete without soliciting the opinion of the UCSD student 
us Just how they feel . Regardless of whether you haue 
the Triton Times office: in care of the Arts Department. 
deuille Center's design . Here's a great opportunity to air 

Mandeville: 'How 
Guitarist Cooder Here 

Guitarist Ry Cooder and folk musician 
Mike Seeger will perform in concert at 8 
p.m. Sunday, in the main gym. . 

Cooder, the composer of such current hits 
as Linda Ronstadt's "Tattler," primarily 
draws upon tradition8l music from a wide 
range of sources "(blues, gospel, Latin, Tell-. 
Mex, Hawaiian) for his own recording and 

. concert material. Though diverse in style, 
Cooder's music is always unbeat and un-
pretentious, reflecting America's popular 
music traditions. A noted bottleneck 
guitarist himself, Cooder performs with a 
band of hand-plcked musicians, 'each a 
virtuoso in his field. They were recently 
seen 011 NBC's Saturday Night Live 
program. 

Cooder's opening act, Mike Seeger, also 
brings a lively approach to his field, 
traditional folk music. Performing on . 

Campus Program Boa'rd presents 

Western 
Opere. 

Theater 
(sUbsidiory of 

Son Froncisco OperQ) 

in 
HE mARRIAGE 
OF FIGARO 

..., 15.1:00, ••. 

..... ·a .. tort. 
St ..... :$7.50 0._" a..I ..... u $5.00 

triton times 

. . 

the functions it was intended for? Does it satisfy the needs of UCSD 
be doing a feature story on the Mandeilille Center in the near future in an 
UCSD's Home of the Arts. We belieue that the story would not be com· 

we most graciously ask any and all opinionated students to tell 
or noth ing but contempt. please feel free to jot it down and bring it to 

all apinions. from concerns ouer acoustics to comments about the Man · 
publicly. 

11 Does-it Serve UCSD? 
Mozart Opera' Saturday 

of Figaro" 
Mozart's "The 

will be performed by 
Theater at 8:30 p.m. 
1"'I\II~Vlllle Auditorium. 

on a play by Pierre 
aroused France's King 

not perfonned for six 
in 1778. Louis said 

tendencies." The opera is 
its satiric overtones are 

perfectly obvious to an audience. 
In this work Mozart has created what 

many consider "the perfect opera buffa." 
Everyone can enjoy and appreciate the 
merry pranks that thwart the designs of a 
married nobleman of the intended bride of 
his servant, Figaro. 

Western Opera Theater, the touring 
educational subsidiary of San Francisco 
Opera (founded in 1967 with the assistance 
of the National Endowment for the Arts in 
Washington, D.C.) pursues the following 
objectives: to provide the talented, young 
American artist with the opportunity to 
train and perform in the United States and 
to introduce the idea that opera is en-
tertainment, not a tedious cultural exercise. 

Tickets for the UCSD performance; 
sponsored by the CPB are $2.50 for all 
students and $5 for general admission. 

Turetzky to 
Perform at 
Mandeville 

Bert Turetzky, world famous 
expo performer of the contra-bass 
and U~D music faculty member, 
will perform on the bass, guitar 
and banjo for the "Wednesday 
Evenings At The Mandeville 
'Center" concert series January 19 
at 81n the Mandeville Auditorium. 

Turetzky will be joined by other 
provocative artists of the Music 
Faculty and the community for an 
evening of musical fun, in a 
program ranging from music 
theater, jazz, early American 
music to Renaissance music. 

One of the theater pieces by 
U~D composer Pauline Oliveros 
was recently praised by the LA 
Times as "musical high camp - a 
verbal and musical put-on whose 

Bert Ture tzky 
shrewdly paced humor provided a 
marvelous excuse for brilliant 
instrumental display by Bertram 
Turetzky and Paul William 
Simons." 

Other noted performers 
scheduled to appear include Cecil 
Lytle, Ann Chase and Nancy 
Turetzky. -

, . 

HELP WANTED 
UCSDTriton 
looking for 
two dynamic 
people-oriented. 
persons for sales 
and advertising 
account supervision. 
contact GARY at 
Triton . 452-3468 

Proe'.'" ..... pt ..... 

452·4OIM) 
Jdnudry 16,8pm, UCSD 
ucsd st. S 3.50, g.d. &doorS4.50 
tickets:ucsd box office, folk arts & ticketron 

PageS 

tim mackenzie 

Station To Station 
Gary Wright -The Light of Smiles- Warner Bros. 

After years as a successful studio musician and a stint with the mildly 
successful band Spooky Tooth, Gary Wright finally made it big as a solo 
perfonner in 1976. This was due to an album called The Dream Weaver, 
which has sold nearly two million units and spawned two Top Five 
singles, " Dream Weaver" and " Love Is Alive." 

His latest LP, The Ught Of Smllel, continues the all-keyboard, no-
guitar look that manifested itself on The Dream Weaver. And while The 
Ught Of Smlles is more lOW-key and subtle in its approach when com-
pared to its predecessor, it nevertheless is a success of the same 
magnitude. 

The reasoning here is "you can't 
argue with success." The all-
keyboard attack is led by Wright 
and ably supported by Peter 
Reilich, David Foster and Steve 
Porcaro. The combination of the 
keyboard music with Wright's 
softly floating vocals creates a 
Wlique, almost spiritual effect. 

The Light Of SmUes also tells us 
of Wright's interest in Krishna , as 
evidenced by the album's design as 
well as the theme of its music. It 
seems to work here. But let 's hope 
that Gary Wright doesn't go 
overboard in this spiritual realm, 
as certain ex-Beatles have done on 
occasion. 

To hear Wright tell it, his recent 
surge to stardom has been quite 
therapeutic. "If there's one thing 
all of my experience has taught me 
- both musical and academic - it's 
that change somehow brings about Gary Wrigh t 
persistence. Having fonned, quit and refonned groups, I realized I had 
to develop myself more, develop my own individual talent. I had to prove 
to myseifl could do it all." For the time being, Wright has every reason to 
be optimistic about his career. The Ught Of SmIles should be very suc-
cessfuL 

Wings Over America, the new three-record set from Paul Mccartney 
and Wings, was almost irrunediately certified platinum by the R.I.A.A. 
for selling a million units. 

The live album, recorded during the group's 1976 concert tour, shipped 
gold on December 10 and within a few days had sold more than a million 
units or the equivalent of three million separate discs - an unprecedented 
feat for any live three-record set. 

Capitol Records seems to feel that this could be the album of the 
deca~ . Peter Frampton might feel differently. 

so 

THE UCSD CATHOLIC COMMUNITY 
31 1& BR EMERTON PL. • LA JOLLA. CA. 92037 TEL. 17141 453-18&& 

MASS SCHEDULE 

MONDAY THRU FRIDAY - 5 :30 PM 
SATURDAY - 5:30PM 

SUNDAY - 8 :30 AM IBabysitting ProuidedJ 
5;00 PM 

SCRAMENT OF PENANCE: 4:30 PM Sunday (before Ma ) or by 
appointment . 

COMMUNAL PENANCE SERVICES Seasonally, check weekly 
bullentin 

CATHOLIC STUDENT UNION meets Thursday . after 5'30· 
Milss 

OFFICE: THE OFFICE OF RELIGIOL'S AFFAIRS 
Building 507 . Matthews Carr pus 
Phone : 452-2521 

HOME: 3115 BTem rton Place. La Jolla. CA Phone. 453·1 55 
1\1.1. SERVICE ARE HELD AT THE UNlVCRSITY COMMUNITY 
CHIJR H. 9595 LA JOLLA ::>HUHt::> IJI<IVt Inero s street from 

IJr.·~' Hall Parking Lot} 
pecial Pr grams . Marriag Preparation . oun ling. ~cloi Can 

'W"'. {'('eral Eu 'ni~ . Community Council 
If thing ar tcn and you n 'd t unl ad . fr B rnl Campbell and 
Fr Kcvrn Munn are available for personal and lor religiOUS concern 
{',,1I453 1855 or 452-2521 

I' 



• rIIt·~"'II"..i ....... " "--y 11, IJ'I7 

iYONTiMEs ClAssiFiEd Ads 
. . 

1971 Chevy Vega. 7 4 engine; goOd economy 
car- seoo -caU232-8713 (1/211 

For s.le: Women's wet suit . lIP, ing suit size 
10135. Body-glow 224-1589 (1/141 

Piano Rentals: Special sludent rates . 27&-
~L_m8Ssage, (11191 

1971 Toyota CoronU'-Ot. AlCAM-FmGoood 
condition S1350 45~ 1250 or 452-2729 (11141 
FOR SALE: Gut Zu! and German laNuage 
Wotttbool< - brand new - Call Jeff 453~768 
(1117) 

Trl-Ba ... Balance, rNgnetlc.Jly dampened 
$35, 4 It . grow'",p, $10. GIIry ~3-8242. 

Vivlt.r telephoto lans. t 35mm. like new, only 
SEQ . Including ca ... Call Todd, 29~1719, 
(1117) 

AMIFM 'n-dash c. redlo wlAFC & LlDX, 
$15 or best oller. Call 75~7340. Ask for 
s, ... , 
Books for Econ 2B & l00B, Chern 3A/3B, 
HVM 11 B & 128. Cali' -460-8055, Nana, atter 
6. 

FOR SALE: Tri-Baam scale, magnetically 
dampened. S35.00 4 foo' grow lamp, SI0.00. 
GIIry 453-8242. 

Scuba Ge3/' • everything but tank , regulater 
and gaugee . All newl S3OO. worth for $200. 
Call 755-4259 aft . 6 (111 n 

22' Follis Racing Blcycte, Reynolds 531 , sew-
ups, weighs 22 Ills ., $100. Call Jay 475-0527 
evenings . (1/17) 

SALESIANS 
WORK FOR THE 
BOY OF TODAY. 

BUILD THE MAN 
OF TOMORROW. 

The a postolate of the 
SALESIANS OF ST_ JOHN 
BOSCO is with youth in boys 
clubs, technical and academic 
high schools , gu idance 
centers , summer camps, 
orphanages, hostels, etc. 
Butthe SALESIANS also 
conduct world wide missions, 
po rishes, retreats, publish ing 
houses and f ilm centers . 

51. JOHN BOSCO'S 
METHOD ... 
PREVE"", EVil 
with ' 

REASO~ r RELIGION 
and KI"'4DNESS 
_ .... --~­
For more information about the 
Catholic ~,¥i.'y ef c.tUt" ... 
Pri •• ,. anc B'rolh ... clip and Hnd 
Illi. coupan I 

father La ry Byrne, S.D.B. 
DON BeiS O·SALESIANS 
1100 Fr'QI~din Street 
San fruds 0, CA 94109 
I am interested in the Priesthood 0 

Ilrotherhood 0 
!'lAME , .............•......... 
ADDRESS .......• , ........••... 
C,ty .•. , .......... STAle .. .. 
ZIP ..., . ' PHONE .,. , . : . 
eoUCAfiON .... ,' .... ," .... 
AGE _ ............. , ... , .. 

Ski Booll • lange "" ... torna , Size lO Y, M. 
Brand newl Call 75~259 .t. II p.m. S90. 
(1 /17) 

V.S. M-U Wheel. - matching set of 4 in Xlnt 
shape. $240 V.US ... /used • moe. 1110, 
Call 453-9:!JO or 463-l18lI5. . 

Honda CL 3110 1975, Only 1500 ml, Excellent 
condo economical transportation, Gall Todd 

~5-9008 (1 / 19) 

koosiNG 
Male roommate needed for W&S quart ••. 
Pool , laundry, own room, only S95/mo, Call 
Todd, 292-1 71q (1/17) 

Roommate wanted: Hou .. ln Mission Beech. 
Oirec1lf on Ocean. S85 month. DeY. 48&-
8227. 

Wanted: Rmmate. To have 0_ room In 4 
bedrm Genes ... Highlands condo. SIlO I mo. & 
'I. ut. 455-151 B. 1'h ml. fr UCSO. 

Rm mate wanted : Del Mar Bch CI, lacuzzl , 
sauna. pool . on bell . 481"'513, 
Female roomate needed. Sh .. with 2 other • . 
Nice place! Come and _ . 27~ 1671 . Ask for 

Housing Contract for sale Immediately. Muir 
.pertment. M/ F Jamaica: ~7245 (1/14) 

Own fm in Ip. Del Mar house. 1/ 2 III Irom 
ocean female preferred . Available Im-
mediately 755-1334 (1114) 
Female student seeking studio apertment, 
(I.M, L.J. P.B. M.B. areas contact Lynne 272· 
7969 (1/141 

prol . M or F to shant small 2 bedroom house 
w/male UnlvBralty Instructor, 2 or 3 
daysl week . 130 to S40 a month. 231~720. 
(1/14) 

1 F~mal. roommate needed to share 2 Brapt, 
Own room & bath fum, 15 min. to UCSD 
SIlO/,month 272-71 48 

Roommate wan led commuter grad student or 

Roommate wanted, 4 bdr house Un Iv. City. 
Own rm. bath, Irpl , patio 134 & lI:lUti. 2968 
Fried St. M Or F, any time. 

Own bedroom and bath In two bedroom 
Clairmont apt. Non-smoker 292-1885 or X-
3006. George 

• Ru .... 1 01 M .. 1e lB, Keep g ... lng. Think 
of thou i,.pt a" ... pt. to""" 811U11d • . 

Wo ...... WllnIed lor eo-.d Balk8lbll1 t .... , 
Oon~ h_tebe a pro! Call Joe 222-3:WII, 

ANNOlINUMENTS 
Rape A __ u Weeki Janu.y 17-21 . "II 
events f_ and -rvone Is welcome. Child 
care .vellable. 

SKIERS!! Ski Mammoth J., . 21-23 . 
Inclucllls, 'tr_., lood , lodging. wleauna, 
Jacuzzi. "C , Only $33 . Call 453-11370. 

Watch lound out ... TLH 107 T ..... 1/11 at 
11 am. Pick up at TT office . 

LOST: Brown IeatII8' _IIet. Call 45~9011 or 
le_ at Triton Times ottlce. Reward . 

LOST: Round gold charm . Call ~2310 
evenint!a. 

Lost-Brown ..... i .. Important 10 I papenI 
pl_ contact o.re 222-2443 

OI;QaIoNI Mother's Heiper/SlUer per-
... nent Ihru 3-78. 1 .... mil. I,om camPUS. 
453-5644 (1 121) • 

BooIc Wanted: NETWORK ANALYSIS by 
M,E. V ... VaIk_urg , 3rd Ed .. 1074. WMI pey 
cash . Call Bruce at ~77. 

WIll pey 120 • month to penlOfl allowing my 
dag to realde' aI their home_ I _-'y lood. 
Stacey 4!!8-7823 (1 /111) 

PERSONAls' 
SpanIsh I P.M. 
Klcloec» .. on Psych Iinal . Thanks forcartng . 

T,C. - You'". ..... 11. Congr. 

Son you're .,.,...,.dl I dldn'l write It In deca 4 
lett. word like that would IMIce you climb 
lhe hal.I Bee. 

Womens' Softball Team 1otIemberw. FIJIt 
practice I_ T ... 18th .. 3 pm, MuI, liaid. Be 
theAl oreall 453-738t . 

Susan or Oonna. Female roommate own bedrm . Own bath on 
3 BR, 2 BA furn duplex 1 blk to ocean . N. - beach In Del Mar Call 756-2637 D.M, SERviCES Ames 198 diracted -*lIY and ..,... .tudles . Prolects In IIOtaI energy flJlt _Ing Frtday, 

3 pm. USII3CJI5Oj\ Pac. Bch . Excellent condition $380 mo. to 
mo. 270-19211 (1/26) 

Roommate wanted - La Jolla Village Apt • . 
Jacuul. pool . 1 mile to UCSD. 177 & utll . 
Great roommates. 453-9370. 
Own rm In peaceful OB house, $100 IncludeS 
utilities , Good environment. 222-7195 (1/19) 

Wanted: 1 F Roommate. Apt . 1 blk from 
beach. Del Mar. Near COIIst cruiser. Pool. 
$87.50, 481-0758 (1/19) 

\ 

Roommate wanted lor spring and summer. 
1977 with option to rent ne.t y.r, 3 bedroom 
condo, Playmor La Jolla 1 'h miles from 
school . Ow'; room . pool nf!llrby $115 per 
month. Call Jon. 4~71 . 

Need 1 or 2 lor large master bedrm with 0_ 
bathroom In 3 bed townhouse 5 min Irom 
UCSO, Want quiet-nonsmokers. Unfur-
nished, Washer/dryer & .tove & relrlg. 
are .. allable: Call Cheryl or Cindy 4~33 

To report a UFO pteaae cal A.P,R.O. 292· 
7207 24h ... 

Lose unwented pounds I inches. Health" & 
easy way to lose weight & k_p It 011 . Call 
Lynn 481-8290 (3/211 

• I 
II you would like to help page one provide 
Inl9 and peer coun .. llng - call Page One at 
452-2167. 

~'. now poaajble to .""Iore your Peet 1"-
(Pa" LI_ Aegntulon SemIMr) J., . 22. &-
10 pm , Jan. 23. 2-8 pm. , FREE Pat Ufe 
Regression IntlOductory Leel .... Jan. 14 & 
18, 7:30 pm. 5340 ReddIng Rd. ( ... SOSU). 

~orlnfo. call 231-0517, 58$-5113. . 

De.- Jug and Don. 
To good times. Y.·II m-'elaal 25c: lun. Let's 
hllVll another, love. Redneck . 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIfORN!A, S.D. 
N9191595 
111 ""'~ - ---

PARKING CITATION 
,/1111 

PUKING SERVICES / - [0-77- 1"t . .+'J ~ ~ 5 P...1t1._ 
IIllilCi f 

'>'4 r l .(<\ 1. .,",ouu. / 7--, . t./;.tlPE_ r M.t.1C1 eA · 
lO(l1 '!loti f 'O r4 

21113 A o...-J so~ c.. r-' OlHE R !:'OU PO 
- .-

"!.~~€~ ~N u· (8i T~f!.:~!;~" ... 'I!!!!t/l/T 1'~~/""_-
~ /111 '~PC/l.._PI4IUJ,'A/" . '''0 

I IIU All 1MOt. MllAlIf Of 'Ullin IMai "" fall""'" fS iliff .I1tt (Otl((l ..... 0 IlU i • (Oh 0' 111\ (milO. 1"\ amOIll 10 lill "m M\CIII(' W.UI " 
" (OlOa';l Wl I" ~( 411.] Of Tilt. "111m (01)1 at III \Un 0' (AUlOI'''' ' 

- -... ~!;!..t,A-'r p,.,,-Ul. ~;;;o", NO_X ~ ~ O'v vc: -, 
'au ," "(1m IIO BUIO TO 'ff'" Ift tl 'l lt11 IIUlIe,,,, (GUll Ul" . ',UI (L.lI.MO •• _\Ii It'lO u I.nu U Ulfl 
WllfIIl '11m IIDOI"r.' .. MID ~'II UO'f~ Ulbe", WNO,If\ ".ltOlIl,If\ 

YOU MAY POST UIIIITHIR PIRSONAlIY Ot n MAlliN UlU Of .!'PUt.1K1 
Ulll lKllun 11 1101 ~1I1 WlII11I1I1 u n 

'0. IAII. ''''(HUIA''OI SII 1II'lll'Sl ilK "'tllfll 10 ""'AI O' 'OSI IoIIl .,tt "\ .. ' ,. U~l ItOUfi .. ,,\ "lItn f 
I .. ll lo1nUIO 0'11(. '0' ¥lOU,1I01 01 , II( " OWl ...... , \tCTlII III .. « O .... U . 1U1 I .. PfOIt\IM\ '" SlUtOi till! If 
It!( r(IIt(U (001. Df IN( mil Of "lIfOI'" 

PARKING INFORMATION 
CiTATIONS ARE ISSUED TO ILLEGALLY PARKED VEHICLES. 

Parking permits are required on campus 7:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday. 
Parking meter fees are also required d~ring' these hours. _ 

Student ["5" permit] parking is re~trlcted to YELLOW STRIPED SPACES In campus . 
parking lots. 

Parking permits are sold at the central cashier's office, Building 401, Matthews 
Campus 8:00 AM through 3:00 PM Monday through Friday. 

You must furnish proof of vehicle ownership [vehicle registration document] at the 
time of permit purchase. 

If you have any questions or need assistance please call parking services Qn Extension 
~223 or stop by Building 400, Matthews Campus. I • 

UCSD Parking Services 

''''« .. ldnll'S 

UCSD Outmanned by Cal Poly 
..,8eeU ... 
.............. 

uan> never reaDy bad a chance. 
Ob 5ure. the Trltona were 

traillnl cal Poly San LuIa 0bUp0 
by only eight pointa, .... after 
one baJf al Tueeday nIgbt', bame 
game . 

And everyane ... bard at wort 
in the tigIa zane defeaIe ~ Coacb 
Dick Satterlee bad recently 
decided to endoY. 

And Lee BrOckett had again 
come off the bench to spark the 
team witb an aasorbnent al outside 
jwnp shots, bigb-stepping drives, 
one-Mnded tllHna. and sweeping 
rebounds. 

But. .. 
"They were bigger, stronger, 

and tougher- than WI, to said Coach 
Satterlee aft~r the game, 
describu. the Triton's opponents 
and explaining the rather bopeless 
situation his team (bad) faced. ' 
"We can't stay with that type <i 
team. They just wore us down. to 

UCSD was defeated, ft.I2. 
Cal Poly was another al the 

NCAA Division I teams tbtIt last 
year's UCSD coach Barry Cun-
ningham obligingly scbed~led for 
this season's Tritons. Althougb 
only ~7 coming into the contest, 
the Muatanp bIId already beaten 
Stanford this year. Cal Poly was 

Tritons bottle Mustangs for rebound . 
[IT photo: Howard KottlerJ 

To anyone inlerested in working 
on solar projects or energy con· 
servolion : Dr. Alan Schneider in 
Ames will be sponsoring projects in 
solar energy_ The course is listed os 
Ames 198 Directed Solor and 
Energy . Conservation Studies 
(6362). First meeting will be held 
Friday, Jon, 14 from 3-~ p.m. at 
Urey Hall 5226. -

Attention 011 Muir Seniors planning 
to graduate Winter, 19n. You must 
have 0 final degree check by no 
10ler lhan January 19, 1r:n7 in order 
10 groduate this quarter. Please 
phone for on appointment im·· 
mediately. Studenls filing after this 
lime may have to poy 0 lale filing 
fee or poslpone gradualion unlil 
Spring. 

Fourth College 
Commuter 

presents 
, a 

.OARBEQUE 
Saturday 
Jon. 15th 

at 

Scrlpp's 
Surfside 

Lounge 

3.00pm 

everything satterlee said they 
were. 

Vet, for a half. UCSD played with 
the vlaitors. Defense kept ' the 
Tritons close. Despite their op-ponem', beigbth advantage, UCSD 
was able to clole off Cal Poly's 

Triton', outside .abotI stopped 
falllng. the defense slowed down a 
step, the Cal Poly began taking 
cftarge of the boards at both ends <i 
the court. UCSD rarely got more 
than one shot each time down the 
floor, wbUe the Mustangs 

UCSD center Lee Brockett goes high for a jump shot over Cal Poly Andre 
Keys. as several players look Ort . [IT photo: Howard KottlerJ 

inside game. When UCSDswitched 
to a man-to-man defense. Lee 
Gardner did a good job of stopping 
the Mustang center, Andre Keys. 

Offensively in the ftrSt half. the 
Tritons played patienUy-. taking 
and making mid-range shots and 
keeping turnovers to a minimum. 
Ken Melvin's repertoire of drilr 
bUng skills made Cal Poly's full-
court zone press inconsequential. 

The second haH, however, was a 
Mustang romp. 

Going with only nine players. 
UCSD could not keep up with the 
constanUy . fresh group that Cal 
Poly rotated into the game. The 

\ 

repeatedly ,manBged second and 
third chances. 

Cal Poly ended the game with 14 
more rebounds than UCSD. " The 
same old story," bemoaned Sat· 
ter-lee on seeing these statistics. 

Brockett totalled seventeen 
points and nine rebounds to lead 
UCSD in both categories. Bob 
Frazier and Tom Omalev each 
added 10 points for the Tritons. 

UCSD opens their conference 
schedule at Cal Baptist this 
Saturday and returns for its 
regular se~son home opener 
against Azusa Pacific Tuesday 
night in the Main Gym. 

Rugby Tourney Begins . 
This weekend the UCSD men's 

and women's rugby teams par-
ticipate in the Seventh Annual 
OLOE Mission Bay Rugby 
Tournament. 

Thirty-two men's and eight 
women's teams will ,be playing 
both Saturday and Sunday at Robb 

Field in Ocean Beach: The Triton 
men are expected to finish in the 
top ten . . 

In other rugby news. UCSD 
coach Dpug Beanan and captain 
Dan Dworsky were named to the 
All Southern California rugby team 
last weekend. 

Photographic. Supplies 
DiIcount 
Pri Ieee 

Darkroom 
Supplies 

QuaHty Equipment 

Boh J)~l\ i .... (. :lm l'ra Shop 
t • j I I ,t 1.1 I ,iI - , 1 , 

The Creation 
of America9s 

Most Memorable 
Love Story 

Read it all in the 
only official book 
about the most ex-
citing and extrava-
gant monster mov' 
ie of the ye,.r . . . 
INCLUDES OVER 
50 PHOTOS. 
..... ~ to aM 
DIno De l.euNn. 
... ·KINOKONG. 
• Par8IftOUIIt Reo 
.............. 
.... ,... 

807961$1.15 

Swimmers Start 'Workouts, 
Individual Efforts Stressed 

by Dave Cohen 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's men's swim team is 
starting workouts in preparation 
for the coming season. The team is 
all new this year and comprised 
m08Uy of freshmen. The club is 
ha'ving personnel problems right 
now. It is in need for more 
swinuners. A lot more! 

The basic philosophy of this 
year's Triton swim team will be 
improvement of its individuals. 
Says, coach Gary Becker. "If we 
had a new facility where we could 
work out through September and 
November. we could develop a 
good. competitive team. As it is. 
we can only work out in January. 
February and March. which hurts 
tpe team competitively." 

Fortunately the club has been 
scheduled against some of the 
area's weaker teams with which it 
can compete on an equal basis. 

JV Cagers Also 
Looki ng for a 

Few Good Men 

As it is now. the main goal of the 
team will be improvement. " We 
want our guys to just swim their 
own best times and improve 
themselves through the season. We 
won't be going har(i. The stress will 
be 01\ conditioning themselves. 
imprOving their own times and 
having fun. No one would be here if 
they weren't having fun." 

JV Basketball act ion : Robert 
Peterson [30J scores a layup in 
UCSD's Junior Vars ity 's 92-50 loss 
to Camp Pendleton Marines 
Tuesday night . The Marines, who 
had already defeated UCSD's 
varsity by 20 points this season , 
totally dominated the much smaller 
Tritons . [IT photo : Bill ,BrooksJ 

Indeed. practices are conducted 
informally with no stress on the 
swinuners to swim blazing times. 
Practices are held Monday and 
Wednesday from 6 to 7: 30 pm. and 
Tuesday. Thursday and Friday at 7 
am. 'Coach Becker strongly urges 
anyone who enjoys swimming and 
can swim a reasonably com· 
petitive practice to come out for 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 

. the team even if they've never 
competed before. 

Since the club isn't swimming 
against any powerhouse this 
season. the matches will be farily 
competitive. Most of the com· 
petition will be on an individual 
basis though. with each swimmer 
striving to improve himself in 
conditioning and speed. Other than 
that. they're in itfor kicks. 

DICK RAKOW 281·458E 

BUSINESS OPPOR1 UNI Tv 

Stuff Envelopes 
$25.00 PER HUNDRED 
Immediate Earnings 

Send $1.00 To: 
Envelopes Dept. 339. 
310 Franklin Street 
Bodon, Mass. 02110 

!lZlW lJi'P 
• 

ONEG SHABBAT 
DINNER 

ISRAFJJ FOOD md POT LUCK 
1WIC.a, __ • SllYICIS 

1110". tICIV. S, ' :3' ... 1IOIl1I COIIfllltlCllOOM 
Fridav .. Jan . 146:30 PM. Revelle'sFormal & Informal 

your favorite Israeli dish or d 
.... HwtoII 

~ Casual, Modem, 
'" Unique Clothing 

Jor Men & Wo men 

. 

Jeans, 
Slacks. 
Overalls 

Airbrushed T-shirts 

Silk scre,·ned. 

by Glenn Chase , 
Cowboy shirts • 
Bikinis, 
Of (set Prints 

20 Utscounl wltn stiJdent IV 
or faculty 1D gooJ W ir>ter Quarter. 

Located next to the Cheese Shop 
2163 Aven/da de la Playa La Jolla Shores La Jolla 454-1041 

MASTERCHARGE 

I t 



" 

..... 

Wblte WiJalel , tl 'I\\Q'~ ." . 
11\,)· , 
... 

: . 0) 
. :'>,. -. 

'/I -Ot~ 
MelQ rabilla 

by <A18Q tlU88~1l 
It was a strange state of affairs that brought me to be the friend and 

confidant of the esteemed detective Sherlock Holmes. Ah, and how it 
came about was due to a great misfor\une. In short, I replaced Watson. 

..... . 

Frankly, Watson had grown tired of Holmes. Perhaps it resulted 
from an ever increasing atmosphere of emui; there had been no cases for 
many months, but more to the truth of the matter was that Watson never 
thought much of the stuffed shirt Holmes, despite descriptions tq the 
contrary which he wrote in pulp magazines. Recording Homes' ad-
ventures was Watson's bread and butter, but that didn't mean he liked it. 

" It 's like this," Watson had once written to me, "Holmes isa pompous, 
effeminate pseudo-flat foot, but let's face it, I gotta have dough, and my 
reputation as a doctor doesn't even match Frankenstein's ." 

So perhaps you can now understand why Watson and Holmes split up 
permanently. The final stroke happened one evening last March when 
Sherlock jVas entranced with a work of Shakespeare. Moaning to Watson 
he said, "Ah, shall there never again be a writer like Shakespeare? Can 
no one string together these lines of beauty? Doesn't everyone feel the 

wer, the sentiment, the beauty! Do you not revel in it, Watson?" 
Watson, in the midst of playing "pick-up sticks," looked up and said 

curtly, "I care not a fig for Shakespeare." He paused a moment and then 
added, " In fact, he's nothing more than pro1ific hack." 

Tnrtb to tell, Watson probably adored Shakespeare, but he liked 
bugging Holmes even more. However, the inscrutable detective, not 
knowing this elementary fact, looked angrily at his subordinate. "You 
fool, Watson! You insult the greatest au~or of all time. I think you must 
be nothing more than a stupid peon. If Shakespeare is not the most out-
standing writer of all time, then who is?" 

.Watson, not entirely happy with ~ names that had been nung at him, 
tbought a moment, then yelled, "Who do I think is beUer? Why almost 
anyone, even Zane Grey. Yes, by God! Especially Zane Grey. Zane Grey 
is :1J) times better! " 

Homes' mouth dropped in bewilderment. He couldn't imagirie Zane 
"you better smile wben you say that, 1IOll" Grey, known for writing more 
westerns tban Shakespeare did werds, sa being in the same class with his 
beloved WDly. 

"Watson ..... be started huskily. 
"30 Urnes better! ". screamed the now obviously temporarily insane 

Watson. 
"Hamlet ... .. " started Holmes. 
"Riders of the Purple Sage! " stormed Watson, then, trying to imitate 

The Virginian, he pulled out a six-shooter from his pocket. 
Holmes stared at the gun, then spoke quietly, citing a pass8se from 

King Richard. U And now let's talk of graves, of wonns, and epitaphs," he 
said. With that he whipped out a hidden sword, and skewered poor 
Watson. 

"Ya got me," gasped Watson. " Yasneakln' Redskin." 
"Strange epitaph," mused Holmes. 

••••• 
·:rhus I gra~uated upon the " job" of poor Watson, that of being the 

fnend and wntten recorder of Sherlock Holmes and his cases. For his 
own part, Holmes seemed to find me an adequate substitute. He was the 
same Holmes of old except for one thing-somehow, someway, he had 
become an ardent Zane Grey fan, which, in his overzealousness 
sometimes changed his nonnal circumspect character into that of ~ 
western simian , a "Blazing Saddles" refugee if you will. 

At any rate, it was a quiet Sunday on Baker Street in La Jolla. Holmes 
was carefully pursuing the morning newspaper as was his habit · I was 
contemplating my navel, as was mine. The re came a knocking' at the . 
door. 

"Be so good as to get that, Russell." said Holmes. 
I did as he asked, and there, through the door, walked so ragmuffin 0 

rharacter, such a motley clad reprehensib le looking reporbate, that I 
readied myself to slam the door in his face. 

Continued on Page 4 

~u ~r~~r rd 
J>r lit 

Vincent Bugliosi 
I 

V. Bugliosi is speaking on 
CHARLES MANSON & is the 
author of HElTER SKElTER 

January 26, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Students: $2.00 
General Admission: $3.00 . 

tickets available at Student 
Center Box OffiCI 

452·4559 

........ .,1_'" w ........ " "-' U, 1I'n 
Rape Awareness Week ... 

[CootiDued from pqe 1] 
recently required an eye witness. 
This is based on the "idea that 
women 'cry rape' or are at-
tempting to 'get back' at a man. 
When you Ulink of the police and 
hospital interrogation the rape 
Vlctunmust WlClergo .. : . 

. Media Images 
Klein further question_ed " our 

societal dynamics" through the 
film, Rape Culture. The fibn 
utilized portions from other major 
motion pictures to show that the 
" mass media promotes a climate 
fo. rape. " Examples from Gone 
With the WlDd, Butch CanAdy and 
the Suodance Kid and straw Dogs 
provided glorified rape scenes 
where the women enjoyed the 
attack and the rapist's over-
powering dominance. 

Contradicting the media image, 
Klein - who counsels rape victims -
- said rape victims generally ex-
perience three stages of emotional 
response. 

"The first is IJ stage of shock, 
fear and denial, which OCCID"S from 
the time of the rape and lasts for 
two weeks to six months. During 
this stage the outward appearance 
of the victim is normal ... 

"The second stage is reliving the 
experience. The victim ex-
periences nigltmares, a change in 
daily behavior and anger." Klein 
stresses the need to direct that 
anger into a positive channel, by 
talking, writing or organizing 
groups against rape. 

"~ ~ stage the rape victim 
undergoes is that of reaoluUon or 
corping to grips with the ex-
perience," Klein said. 

"All rape victims need support -
from friends, relatives, boyfriends 
and husbands. Often times the rape 
vicUm is regarded . as daniaged 
goods." Klein emphasized that, 
" Women should never feel that the 
rape was their 1ault. " _ 

During the discussion period that 
followed Klein's presentation, 
most questions were concerned 
with the motives behind rape, and 
its prevention. The majority of the 
questIons were asked by the men m 
the audience. 

General Awareness 
Needed 

Klein felt that the first step in 
preventing rape was a general 
awareness and an understanding 
in terms of the rigid sex roles and 
economic conditions society. has 
created. • 

"We need to redefine sexuality, 
eliminate the unhealthy part; 

Ilerhaps through early sex 
education. There needs to be a 
change in the locializfltion 
process." 
. And what about the moral issue 
involved? Klein shook her head. 
"Morality has lost its value in our 
society. Its like what they said 
about Watergate - the only thing 
wrong was that they got caught ..... 

Freada Klein 

Reverse Discrimination ... 
[Continued from ~qe 1] 

mission to the University ·of California at Davis Medical School. The 
University's quota for minority admissions was recently ruled un-
constitutional by the California Supreme Court. 

The court concluded that the program "afforded preference on the 
basis of race to persons, who, by the University's own standards, are 
not as qualified for the study of.medicine as non-minority applicants 
denied admission .... the equal protection c~use appliel to ~y person, 
and its l~y purpose is imcompatible with the premise- that some 
races be afforded a higher degree ~ protection against Wlequal 
treatment than others." 

The University of Call1omia, which would be forced to restructure 
its admissions program because of the decision, plans to appeal the 
case to the U.S. Supreme Court, according to Univeraity General 
Counsel Donald Reidhaar. Reidhaar also said that the drcumstances 
will "very likely force the (Supreme) Court to take thiS case and 
resolve the issue once and for all." 

Nevertheless, other state courts have sharply diBaaned witb the 
California verdict. In DeFuniB VI. Odegaard, the W~ SupreiJ)e 
Court ruled it was constitutional for a law school "to remedy racial 
imbalance through ita minority candidates with lower gradeI and test 
scor:es and reject other appllcaJU who would ha~ been admitted bad 
they been minorities. . 
been admitted had they been minorities. 

In another case, the New York Court ~ AppealI allowed "benign 
discrimination" whicb favored minority admiyions to a state medlcal 

~ool. "It would be ironic," said the court, "were tb&equal protection 
clause used to strike down measures desiped to acbieve real eqUality 
for persons whom it wu intended to aid. " 

In Colorado, a U.s. DiItrict Court judge ruled that • school can 
legally select which minority groups in the popuIatien merit special 
consideration on the baSis ~ put dilcrimination and under-
representaUon in the law profession. In that cue, • student denied 
admission to the University of Colorado aued on the JI'OU.Ilds that u an 
Italian-American he should be given the same sPecial treatment u 
blacks and Chicanos. . 

As decisions for both sides ~ the dispute continue to pUe up, the fate 
of many of the innovative afflnnative action programs hang in the 
balance. At the same time, statistics Ibow that, since the economic 
recession, blacks and women have been makiJIg Utt1e progress 
towards more jobs and higher income. 

While justices may debate the constitutionality of reverse bias, no 
one can debate the fact that a ruling against affirmative action 
policies would at least slow down the movement tOward economic and 
social equality . 

P .E. for Disabled ... 
[Continued from Page 7] 

established yet. some activities 
have been suggested. Indivi-
dualized exercise programs, 
wheelchair tennis, and archery are 
just a few of these. Certain track 
and field events have also been 
proposed, as well as a swinuning 
component to the class. 

" The most exciUng- thing about 
the class," said Francis, " is that 
it's new and Wltampered with. We 

will be starting from scratch." She 
emphasized that the main direc-
tive of the class will be "developing 
a more positive approach tOwards 
sports." 

The first scheduled class will 
meet today from 12 to 2 p.m. in the 
adaptive room. All students who 
are interested are urged to contact 
Jim White of the PE Department, 
ext. 4032. 

Attention 
Muir Students 

. Art Gallery ... 
[Continued from Page 5] 

Show ranged from " silly" to 
" mildly witty" to " hysterically 
fumy." . 

·Invite your folks to the annual 
. Muir Parents Weekend~ 1977-

Friday February 25 
and 

Saturday, February 26 
Schedule includes: 
Tours 

-Campus; Health . Center; UCSD Medical School; 
Mandeville Center 

Discussions 
-Faculty. students; academic advisors ; tudent service 

repre entatives 

Entertainment 
-Pi nle 
-Receptions with prize drawings 
-5 & DIme Coffeehouse 
-The Annual UCSD Talent Show on Saturday night 

. ~ 

For the curious and the prurient, 
the Playboy playmate show will 
rWl through Friday at the gallery, 
which is located at 1200 HL. The 
gallery is open 12-5 weekdays. The 
Playboy playmate show is the first 
in a series of weekly shows 
scheduled for this.. quarter. Other 
shows will featur~ film, video, 
painting and sculpture. 

I ntramural5.. 
[t.:onUOued from Page 7] 

homerun derby, blasting three in 
the SOIL's' easy 12-t win over the 
FLIES. In addltion to his HR's, 
Rand hit one out of the park -foul 
and had one pulled back in by Jeff 
Camis of the FLIES. CanniB is 
giving Rand a battle for the title IS 
he knocked two out of the park in a 
100inJl effort. 

~"~--


