
Sea Deucers 
find life 
out of water 

by Ki&&y RobiDlOD 
Copy Edl&Or 

What has 600 legs, rides 
tricycles and ba eathes canned 
air? 

No, it's not some kind of 
adolescent monster from outer 
space. It is the only club at UCSD 
whoee major undertakings take 
place underwater: the Sea 
Deucers. 

The main putpose of the 300-
member club is to go scuba 
diving, both in La Jolla and in 
more distant locations, such as 
Santa Catalina Island and ~a 
California. However, the group 
sponsors many other activities 
which are not directly related to 
diving. 

"The Sea Deucers is more than 
just a diving club," stated Bert 
Kobayashi, acting chainnan of 
the physical education depart-
ment and founder of the club. "It 
is also a social organization, Uke a 
fraternity or a sorority." 

Deep Throat 
Indeed, some of the activities 

the club has organized in the past 
few years sound like fraternity 
pranks. It held a nationally 
pubUcized undenvat.er tricycle 
race and sponsored a log-rolling 
contest in the natatorium. And the 
story hit print in the New York 
Times when the club showed 
Deep Throat OIl campus fOOl" 
years ago. (This project, 
incidently, brought the Sea 
Deucers enough money to buy a 
16-foot Zodiac diving boat.) 

Besides raising money by 
showing movies and collecting 
dues from members, the group 
gathers funds by sponsoring a 
night of dinner arid entertain-
ment each year. Last year's 
theme was Polynesian Night; this 
year, the program, which will 
take place 00 Nov. 5, is centered 
around a Caribbean theme, 
featuring a limbo contest, a 
treasure hunt and an exotic 
seafood dinner. 

Any student, faculty or staff 
member who is a certified diver 
can join the club. After paying the 
five-dollar-a-year dues, club 
members can use ·the Sea 
Deucers' diving boats and go on 
all dub-sponsored diving bips. 

Scuba diving equipment is 
expensive: a tank, regulator, 
wetsuit, mask, fins, snorkel and 
weight belt can cost upwards of 
$1000. For this reason, members 
of the Sea Deucers can rent all this 
equipment from the club for $10 
per year. 

Tropical waters 
The most popUlar club-

sponsored trips are the dives in 
the southern part of Baja 
California. where the tropical 
waters are ft1Jed with coral and 
brightly colored fish. Because 
these diving spots are 1200 miles 

(Continued on page 8) 

A new look 
A special print OIl this paper for 

Halloween? Not really. Tbe 
Triton 'l'bneI bas moved to on-
campus typeeettina in an effort to 
save money and be a "complete" 
newspaper. Look to future 
innovations in headline styles and 
print as we learn and progress 
in the issues to come. 

00 ...... 

-\\l\\tOW(t~ : . 

Monde" October 31, 1177 

Blackout 
hits UCSD 

by Ran Anbar 
Managing Editor 

Saturday evening. 6:25 to be 
exact. Suddenly the lights begin to 
rucker all over campus. Then they 
go off. Power failure: UCSD 
Blackout, Hm. And as of Sunday 
afternoon it was still unclear as to 
what ~xactly happened. 

"Oh no. I've got to study! How 
can I read with the lights off?" 
Some people are like that, you 
know. The rest of us go out to the 
balcony to look around. "Hey, 
wow! Look up there in the sky! 
You can see stars!" 

et (t),~ \ 
We hear screams and shouts 

vibrating through the donns on 
Rev·eUe. And soon a chant arises 
from within them: "U-C-S-D, 
fight, fight, fight." I grab my 
jacket and a notepad. "Gotta go 
down and look around - this is 
bigger than New York." 

Jim and Dave joiIftne as I rush 
down the stairs. Did you know 
how long it takes to walk around 
all of UCSD? Last Saturday night 
we found out. 

Re"eUe CoUege held it. Pumpkin Caning Conte.t laet Friday. Attempting to top that is Muir 
College which ie preparing for today'. fourth annual pumpkin drop off of Tioga Hall at noon. 
The 105 pound pumpkin to be ueed Wile donated by the family of Dr. Paul Shellenberger. 

We pass by the~ Re vell e 
cafeteria and glance in. The 
workers are cleaning up using 
candle light. Was there a food 
fight? "Oh yeah. As soon as the 
lights went out everyone ducked 
underneath the tables." When did 
the fight stop? "As soon as they 
realized that the !!ghts weren't 
coming back on. 

GASP distributing petitions 
Public smoking to be put out? 

by Wesley Wada 
Staff Writer 

Tobacco smokers beware! Non-
smokers are asserting their rights 
and protecting their health. 

Group Against Smoking 
Pollution (GASP) of San Diego 
County, together with Californ-
ians for Clean Indoor Air (CCIA) 
are working to collect 350,000 
signatures by Dec. in orner to 
qualify their initiative for next 
June's California election. If the 
initiative becomes California law 
it will prohibit a person from 
smoking in public, in places of 
employment and in educational 
and health facilities. The measure 
would also require restaurants to 
establish non-srnoldng sections in 

dining areas. Posted signs would 
designate an area as off-Umits to 
smoking. 

"The (California) legislature 
failed to pass any protective 
health measures because of 
pressure from the tobacco and 
restaurant associations, II 
charged James White, a PhD in 
exercise physiology and the 
Director of Research and 
Rehabilitation for the UCSD 
Pysical Education department. 

Dr. White, an ardent supporter 
of the initiative, bases his 
convictions about the dangers of 
tobacco smoke upon extensive 
research that bas been cooducted 
on the effects of tobacco smoke. 
White related three examjJles of 
the research testing. 

San Diego City. Council, District 5 

His first example involved 
Frank Vitali of the P .E . 
department. As one of the original 
subjects of a prototype exercise 
testing procedures at UCSD, 
Vitali was monitored for effects 
00 specific physical responses as 
he exercised. These responses 
included heartrate , blood 
pressure,' oxygen consumption, 
sweat leVel and work efficiency. 
As the data was being monitored, 
a person smoking a cigarette 
entered the testing room. 

"Within one minute of inhaling 
the exhausted smoke, Vitali 's 
physical data registered negative 
results," explained White. 

(Continued on page 3) 

"Then people rushed out of the 
cale. They kept stacking the trays 
on the conveyor belts until one 
tray fell." Oh. 

la's check Muir. We meet 
people on the way - there was a 
waterfight in Argo ... People were 
throwing trash cans full of water 
down the stairs. Why? 'Cause the 
elevators weren' t working. It's 
obvious, isn't it? 

Several pumpkins light our way 
It is Halloween weekend of all 
times. And the campus is in the 
dark. What a combination ... 

(Continued on page 3) 

High-expeflse campaign gives voters choice 
of candidates who disagree on .most issues 

The race for the San Diego City 
Council, District 5 seat, features a 
high-expenae contest between a 
councilmaD seeking his fourth 
term in office and a realtor in his 
first political campaign. 

F10yd Morrow, who first won 
the fifth district post in 1965, hopes 
to raise $30,000 over the primary 
and general campaigns. Fred 
Scbnaubelt says he will spend at 
least $56,000 to cover expenses for 
the Sept. 20 and Nov. 8 campaigns. 

Schnaublet, who spent $16,000 in 
the primary to MorTOW's $5200, 
won the primary by three percent 
over MolTOW and several other 
candidates. 

And Schnaubelt's campaign 
spending constitutes a major 
issue of the carnpajgn, according 
to MOITOW. 

"The real estate interests are 
pacIdng money into his campaign 
like you wouldn't believe," 
because the council makes 
dedIicm affecting the value of 
land. Morrow says. 

Schnaulbet, in reply, says the 
money he is spendinc is not his 
own, but has been contributed to 
him. 

Scbnaubelt has WJed 800le of his 
campaign funds to hire Arnold 

Steinberg, a Los Angeles poUtical Scbnaubelt says other prob-
consultant who has been lemsaremoreimportantthanthe 
connected with many cooserva- Freilicb Plan, including crime, 
tive campaigns, to direct his high property taxes and unem-
campaign. Schnaubelt plans to p1oyment. · 
spend $29,000 on television and (Continued on page 11) 
radio advertising before next 
Tue~ay. 

Morrow says he plans to spend 
$8000 on electronic media 
advertising. 

The two candidates also 
disagree on almost every major 
issue of the campaign, including 
the Freilich plan, a growtb 
manaJlement plan that calls for 
priority oeAng given to dp.velop-
ment in established neighbor-
hoods closest to the downtown 
area. 
. "The only part of the Freilich 
Plan I like is that which requires 
builders of developments in 
outIyiDg areas to pay fortheirown 
public services. That portion was 
taken almost cart.e-blanche (rom 
the Morrow Financing Plan," 
Morrow says. 



..... 

~~---------, tHE UCSD 
• 
• 
• 
• 

~n:!~~ITY i 
Masaes 7: 15 am, 12 noon, 5: ao pm • 

.u c Is D 
turday - 5 pm, 10 pm 

fteIular Sunday Mass scbedule 
1:35 am, 5 pm 

All Religious Services at: 
University Community Cburcb 

t595 La Jolla Shores Drive 

Iliasthep11118. 
The FIiI*t OIIlc8r 

calls the Shots. 

.~.-.-
Flying i one of the grea te t challenge a man can face. 
But gelling a Navy jet or multi-engine prop into the air 
and down again i only part of the job. 

That' where the Naval Flight Officer come in. He's 
the man on the team who takes over when the plane i air-
borne a nd it' time to see the mi sion through to its ulti-
mate success. 

As a Naval Flight Officer, you'll operate radar. naviga-
tion equipment, and the most advanced electronic systems 
in the kyo 

The tools you' ll work with are some of the mo I ophis-
ticated ever developed. And mOSI of them are classified . 

It's a demanding job. The qualification are high . And 
tne Iraining is lough . You'vc got 10 be a college man to 
even be considered . 

But if you're the kind of man who ean take a challenge 
like this in slride, you' ll win more th anjusl a Naval Flighl 
Officer's wing of gold. 

You'll win a position ofrespecl and re ponsibility in the 
greatest Naval air force in the world . 

Interviews will be conducted 
at tbe UCSD Placement Office 
by the Navy Information Team 

Nov. 9-10, 9 AM-3 PM 
See Your Placement Officer 

For further details 
or call 

LT John Chalker 293-6444 

-. ~ .. FIy 
Navy 

• 
• 

tritonti.n ......,. OctDMrll. 1117 

Zolt.. Ro ••• ".i, fo ..... r. of til. Pllilll.r_o.i. Ii •••• ric., will joia til. L. Joli. 
CivklUaiv.nity eyJaplloay tWe year. 

Founder of world-class ensemble 
joins La Jolla symphony in 77-78 

In light of music director 
Thomas Nee's sabbatical, the La 
Jolla Civic/University Symphony 
has been fortunate in securing the 
services of guest conductor ZoItan 
Rozsnyai to lead off the '71-'78 
season. 

In the premier concerts on 
November 12, 8 pm and 13 at 3 pn 
in the Mandeville Auditorium, 
Rozsnyai will collaborate in the 
Third Piano Concerto of Bartok 
and offer on hs onw such 
orchestral favorites as "The 
Water Music" by Handel, 
Debussy's " Afternoon of a Faun," 
and Liszt's "Les Preludes.' 

Rozsnyai is the founder of the 
Phil harmonia Hungarica , an 
orchestra that has evolved into a 

world-class ensemble. ' He has Indiana to complete his doctorate. 
formerly been conductor of the Currently he is Artist-in-
San Diego Symphony and acted Residence at UCSD. 
as assistant to Leonard Bernstein Or! March II and 19, Sidney 
at the New York Philhannonic. Harth, the concertmaster of the 

Unanim~ acclaim has greeted Los Angeles Philharmonic 
his appearances with such major Orchestra, will appear with 
orchestras as the Vienna Thomas Nee in the Beethoven 
Symphony, the Cleveland Violin Concerto. David Chase will 
OrcheStra and the New York lead the orchestra and Chorus in 
Philhannonic. three programs of choral 

Pianist Tamas Ungar studied masterpieces: The Bach "Mag-
at the Sydney Conservatory, nificat" on December 3 and 4 at 
concertized extensively there and St. James by the Sea Episocopal 
then received a fellowship to Church, Stabat Maters by 
study at Indiana University with Palestrina and PenderecJd on 
Greorgy Sebok. In 1971 he was February 26 in Mandeville Center 
appointed Assistant Music and the Brahms "Requiem" on 
Director of the Pureel School, May:!) and I, also in Mandeville 
London, and in 1975 returned to Center. 

We Are Specialists 
Dedicate .. To Qauallt~ 

OFFERING AN EXTENSIVE SELECTION OF 
THE ITEMS IN WHICH WE SPECIALIZE 

OVER 225 BULK CONTAINERS 
... HELP YOURSElF 

o FRESH BREAD 
o SEEDS FOR EATING - SPROUTING 
o GRAINS. NUTS. DRIED FRUIT 
o BULK HONEY • JUICES. ETC. 
• BASIC NATURAL FOODS ' 

JUICE BAR a TEA ROOM 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
946 GARNET AV. IZ70-76-1 
PACIFIC BCH. 92109 - -

OVER 400 HERBS • TEAS • SPICES 
OUR OWN BACKPACKING MEALS 
WE GRIND FRESH PEANUT BUTIER 
a ALMOND BUTTER 

2 BLKS. FROM THE OCEAN RETAIL" WHOLESALE 

25%-50% Off 
On all new fall & winter French design 

Sale begins Nov. 1 through Nov. 1 5 
P.S. Free T-Shirt with pu'rchase of $20 or more. 

WOMEN'S WEAR· 
7607 Girard Ave. La Jolla, CA. 92037 
Mon-Sat: 10-5:30 pm 454-3036 

Monar. OclDller 11. 1177 triton times Page 3 
,---------- --------------..:..---.- - .. _- --

G ... I Coil",1 Nlcotie. atIcIic:t. bew .... ' . 

Smoking ... 
(CODUaUed from pqe 1) 
In' a 8Ub8equeDt test, Vitali 

JKlI1XlIely inhaled two puffs from 
a clprette. All of his test results 
declined an Vitali had to 
tenninate his exercising period 15 
minutes earlier than normal. 

Another study, perfonned in 
1989, tested 7000 members of the 
UCSD campus community for 
lung capacity. 

'!be results of the testing: 
Non-smoken who had worked 

in ~filled envirorunents for 
2D years tested I percent below the 
nonnallung capacity. 

Smokers who bad consumed 20 
cigarettes for 20 years had lost II 
percent of their lung capaclly. 

NClII-8I'IlOkers- who had worlled 
in a smoke-free environment 
rated 5 percent above normal lung 
capacity. 

"It is si,nificant tbat non-
smokers subjected to tobacco 
smoke tested lower in lung 
capacity than IlOIHI1lOkers free f 
of smoke," observed White. "A 
relationship has been suggested 
which connects hmgdamage to an 
increase in the chance of heart 
disease. 

'Cobacco and bean diaeue 
"The liver produces two types 

of cholesterol:' explained White. 
"The first,low density lypoprotein 
(LDL) , attaches itself to the lining 
of ' the arteries and thus is a 
contributor to the hardening of the 
arteries. The second type, high 
density lypoprotein (HDL), 
removes the LDL from the lining 
of the arteries and takes it back to 
the liver for excretion. Obviously, 
high amounts of HDL would be 
favorable." 

Tests completed at UCSD, 
Israel and Massachu.s8ettes have 
come up with data on the amount 
of HDL, measured in rnilligrarns 
percent, in varous people's 
bloodstreams . A person who 
measures 55 mg per cent or more 
has very liWe chance of heart 
disease. A person with a count of 
40 mg per cent would have twice 
the chance of heart disease than a 
person with a. 55 mg percent 
count. A 30 mg pereent reading 
would mean a three to four rate 
increase in heart disease . 
However, a 70 mg per cent count 
would mean a near immunity to 
heart diaea8e. 

The testing produced these 
results: (in mg per cent) 

84: Distance nmners, joggers, 
swimmers 

51: Women 
52: 1bin people 
51: Men, non-smokers 
(7: Obese people 
45: Non-smokers subjected to 

tobacco smoke 
42: Smokers 
40: Cardiac heart disease 

patients 

Dr. White has concluded that "a 
person should exercise, lose 
weight and avoid tobacco 
smoke." 

"Cigarette smoke leads to the 
reduction of HDL, pulmunary 
function and leads to heart 
disease," warned White. "The 
results support our initiative 
measure. People should not have 
to work, shop or eat in an 
environment with smoke." 

Where were you when the lights went out? 
(Continued from page 1) 

The power returns at 7: 50 as we play?" I ask. "1\0. it's no fun 
head towards the Third residence now," he quips. Right. 
halls. Third College becomes a Muir is still in the dark, of 

We drop in on Bonner Hall to monster, slowly awakening as course. Do you know what it's like 
check on the biology experi- generators tum over and music to climb up eleven flights of stairs 
menta, only to encounter a blares. And in no more than ten in the dark n Halloween night? 
distraugbt student . " I was . seconds a TV was already on. Worse than going back down. At 
centrifuging my mitochondria but We confront a security guard. least on the way down you're the 
I dtdn't finish ... I'll have to do it "No, it wasn't an explosion. It was one kneeing people and frighten-
tomorrow." . a fire cracker in the lab." Now ing princesses, ghosts and things 

Some students are walking 'We're confused. that go bump in the night. 
towards Revelle. "Just wander- MIght as well see how Central U-s raining. 

ingar'oundseeingw~tot.hersare Library . looks at night time. No one was stuck in the 
doing ... · Oh. What are they doing Empty, but lighted. We tum away elevator. 
on Muir? "They're throwing fire for a moment then look back an "At least the wind is nice," 
crackers off Tioga and gallons of Central is no longer there. At offers Dave. 
water off 8th floor Tenaya." least, we can't see it. There is no I wish I had had a camera 

A Warren student stops and light. Power failure 2. This was along . "It doesn't matter," 
listens to the discussion. "We've UCSD ' s fault . The original someone says. "They can just 
got trash can fIres in the quad ... problem arose in San Diego Gas imagine how it didn't look. " 
Waterfights .. . The Halloween and Electric's network wo we're Right. And after all, tbere was 
parties are still going on ... told. This second power failure one giant advantage to the 
Nothing special. " was going to cause Muir a lot of blackout. I didn't have to set my 

"Have you seen Argo?" we' re problems. You see, the electricity clock forward 23 hours on Sunday 
asked. What have you heard? cable leading to Muir was burnt morning. Only 45 minutes. But 
"Well, it's like a big zoo ... out. So, of all the campuses. Muir then, I don't live on Muir. 
Running under it is like going was last to see the light. -:H:-:-'-a~ll:-o-w-e-e-n-.. through Damnation alley." That We hear that someone put their 
explains it Wehadstayedcloeeto laWldry into the machine betwen 
the walls. the two power shortages. Wonder Add d 

What do you think of the what he'll wear tomorrow. e a ay 
blackout? I ask a passing RA. The Health Center was OK, 
"It's a barrel of fun ... People are you'll be glad to know. Dark but (PNS) - Day of the Dead. No, 
sitting around the hall lounges OK. . it's not a new horror film, nor a 
singing, talking and playing And EDNA? How IS dear novel about terrorist assassina-
cards. Some are even studying to EDNA? ShI;'s .fine . The phones tions. It is the Mexican equivalent 
candlelight" aren't functiorung however. The of Halloween, celebrated here on 

Did you hear about the·Revelle resciuroeful information people Nov. 1 and 2. 
student who went to La Jolla to are working in the light of the But the Mexican celebration is 
find a place to study? Halloween candles . Someone not just for children. It's a family 

No, but what about the one who ~ants to check . out a ~ set. affair, and despite the doleful 
was spotted studying on the How are you gomg to play m the sound ofDay of the Dead, or Dia 
lighted tennis courts? dark?" I ask. "Shows how good Ia de los M uertos it is a joyful fiesta 

Do you know what caused the am." Figures. • involving both the living and dead 
blackout? "Yeab, some explosion Have you been getting a lot of family members. 
in a Chemistry lab." calls? " Yeab." But wait a minute. "Hernan and Maria will be 
, Oh. I thought the phones weren' t coming to visit us again " Rosa 

The camJXIS is deserted. We're working. ''They just don't ring," Garcia explains to h~r five 
slopped by a coople wanting to I'm informed. "We just pick up children in their modest home on 
know where the Mandeville the phones randomlY to see if the outskirts of Mexico City. 
Auditoriwn is. "Over there," I anyone's on the line." Clever. Heman and Maria are the two 
say. "But there's a power failure, 1be power comes back 00. '!be Garcia children who died as 
you know. Whati is at Mande- pool player has returned with the infants. 
ville?" An electronic music show, pool set. "Aren't you going to (ConUnued on page 1.1) 
they reply. Sure. • .......................................................... . 

~m~a:to~~~trb~~ : 2 For the Price of 1 :. 
Sounds like fun. We observe the t 

. Chemistry Research building in : 0 see : 
passing. Theexpiosionmusthave • . the Fantastic .. been pretty small. We see nothing .. .. 
save the red lightsofa fire alarm. • Animation Festival .. Only one of four such alarms on he • ... 
night. All false. • The greatest collection of an imated films in the world' • 

Two students are studying in a ... .. 
lighted stairwell. "no you know .. Good Oct. 31-Nov. 1 Only .. 
anything? " No. tally ." .. Shown at: 12:30. 2:50, 5:10, 7:30, 9:50 .. 

"Revelle was to eene, " ... 
relates a wandering Revelle -II .. 
student. "At fIrst it was fun but -II Mann's University Towne ... 
now it's eerie ... People are hiding .. 6 -II 
in bathrooms and scaring .. Centre Theaters -II 
people." " .. 

We hear it's worse at Muir. -II .. 
People are hiding in the pitch- .. 4525 La Jolla Village Dr. .-
black stairwells and screaming at -II 452-7766 .. 
opportune moments. ~ .......................................................... ~ 

ol.n1b1e at the 
A :VOllU' 

University B 1_ 
oOIfSlore . 

Houghton Mifflin announces with pride the 
publication of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Si/mar-
il/ion, tbe imaginative l1Iasterpiece that 
sets tbe stage for all his other major 
works of fiction. The writing ()f 1M 
Silmari/lion stretcbes back sixty 
years - long before The Hobbil-
but The Silmaril/ion grew with 
Tolklen, and so it is published last 
and posthumously, 
This great collection of tales and 
legends - considered by Tolkien 
to be his most important work -
reveals the story of the creation of 
the world and the happenings of the 
First Age. Tblsls the ancient drama to 

Phone 452·3844 

which the characters in The Lord of the Rings 
look back, and in whose events ome of 

them took part. Thi.s too i the s tory of 
Morgoth , first dark lord of Middle-

earth. Morgoth teals the three Sil-
marils - jewels created by the mo t 

gifted of the elves - and the high 
Elves make war to get them back. 
Carefully edited by the autbor's 
s on, Cbri topher, and comple-
mented by genealogical table 
and a map of tbe territory covered 
in Tire Silmari/Jion, this i the 
boQk for wbich aU Tollden reader 

have been waitiag. 



...... I triton time8 
··~·iir~~ii 

Reverse discrilllination claims 
neglect history's unfairness 

The increasing aggressiveness of affinnative 
action 'programs of this decade has led many 
members of the majority to believe that they are 
victims of reverse discrimination. They feel as 
though they are cheated wben a minority or woman 
is placed in a position through affirmative action 
that they had worked 1001 and hard for. Several 
believe that this treabnent is not poly unfair, but is a 
direct violation of the fQurteenth amendment 
(which insuref. equal protection) and the 1964 Civil 
Rights Act (which makes it illegal to discriminate n 
the basis of race, sex or religion) . 

The claim that they are unfairly held back so that 
members of minority groups and women can 
advance is unfounded when one considers the 
means by which many members of the majority 
had advanced to their present positions. They were 
able to advance at the expense of the minority 
groups and women. A good example of this is the 
experience of the Native American. White. settlers 
murdered, robbed, and cheated the Native 
Americans during their push westward. Today, 
many of the Native Americans are the victims of 
unemployment, suicide, alcoholism, and poor 
education. 

'llIis is because no one has been able to initiate a 
program that could successfully compensate for 
the past injustices which have left the Native 
Americans in their present said condition with 
almost no hope of upward mobility. If these past 
injustices had not occured, the Native Americans 
would have their land and therefore economic 
power. TIley would have been able to compete on 
the same level as the majority. 
Instead , the majority have benefitted from the 
profits of the land they stole by using the wealth of 
the land to ensure their own employment, education 
and general well-being while only token amounts 
are given back to the Native Americans. Other 
groups have suffered discrimination which has 
benefitted the majority in a similar way. Therefore, 
through past discrimination many members of the 
majority have been given an unfair advantage 
which has yet to be compensated for. Many of their 
advances have robbed minorities and women of role 
models which the young can look up to and identify 
with. Presently, many youths see blacks as 
custodians, or Chinese-Americans as cooks, or 

Editorial rebutted 

women as secretaries rather than looking up to 
them as professional people or executives. 

Those who contend that affinnative action is 
contrary to federal law should recall that these laWs 
were created to help bring about the fonnation of a 
just society. Both' the Ci'vil Rights Act and the 
fourteenth amendmer.t were intended to help 
minorities and women gaiiJ their rightful places in 
society. These laws are open to interpretation by the 
courts and cannot be taken literally. For example, 
the Constitution guarantees the right of free speech; 
however, one cannot maliciously yell "fire" in a 
crowded theater. Here the "right' of free speech is 
suspended since the law was not intended to give 
someone the right to cause -panic in a crowded 
theatre. The same could be said about the Civil 
Rights Act and the fourteenth amendment: It is 
contrary to the original intent of both laws to use . 
them against affirmative action programs when 
they are intended to help minorities and women by 
ameliorating past and present discriminatioo. Also, 
it seems rather ludicrous for some members of the 
majority to demand "equal" protection when 
minorities and women have received littJe. 

Affmnative actioo is not an ideal solution to this 
inequity in our society. However, there is no 
alternative to resolving the problem of ina~uate 
representation of minorities and women. The 
fourteenth amendment was enacted over 100 years 
ago in order to provide blacks with "equal 
protection" under the law. It was apparent that this 
was inadequate and Martin Luther King Jr. 
marched for civil rights which brought about the 
1964 Civil Rights Act. It is now apparent that this act 
helped somewhate, but minorities ,an women are 
still at a disadvantage when compared to the 
majority , Some argue that eventually an 
equilibriwn will be reached where all groups will be 
adequately represented. Annual income figures for 
blacks contradicts this belief: while the annual 
income for blacks have increased, the annual 
income for whites have also increased by the same 
degree and therefore will maintain the advantage 
that was gained from the oppression of blacks. We 
must all be willing to give a hand to all oppressed 
peop e because if we don' t, we will never have a 
society where everyone has an equal opportunity. 

LLOYD K. ITO 

Argull1ents 'downright fqolish' 
The author of "Quotas reverse 

discrimination? " makes a 
number of factual as well as what 
I . would consider judgmental 
errors in the editorial against 
affirmative action programs. 

The first of these errors is the 
statement that affirmative action 
programs are designed to 
alleviate the educational 
disadvantages for the poor. This is 
the reason for financial assistance 
programs such as the BEOG. 

Affinnative action programs 
on the other hand are for the 
express purpose of eliminating 
the discrepancies of repesenta-
tion in institutions of higher 
learning among those groups 
which have been historically 
discriminatOO against, I.e., people 
of color and women. 

Another ff ell either unknown or 
conveniently . mitted from .the 

artcle is that there were a number 
of white students admitted to U .C. 
Davis who had lower academic 
standing than Alan Bakke and 
that Bakke had a history of 
refused admission to a nwnber of 
institutions, thus his refusal of 
<1dmission to U.C. Davis was not 
soley for a lack of a place due to 
the spaces reserved for those 
admitted under affirmative 
action. 

Some of the arguments against 
the programs are downright 
foolish and dangerous. That those 
admitted under affirmative 
action programs may not do well 
enough in school to become 
proper role models has no bearing 
whatsoever on the issue, as all 
students must take the same 
examinations and meet a uniform 
set of requirements once 
Academic standIng at the onset of 

iladame Nancy 
Natural Born Psychic 

Indian Readings 
!,dvic~ . and guidance given to those troubled by 
indeCISion and personal problems. All questions 
answered. 

Past Life Readinqs Given Also 
Phone 1160--11718 

an educational career IS in no way 
determinative of capability at 
completion and the use of such as 
argument is ludicrous. The 
concept of letting those who have 
been discriminated against .. ... 
filter into the mainstream" is 
dangerous, for what is actually 
being proposed is a policy of 
Nixon-Moynihanian "benign 
neglect. ' · Such a policy will 
increase the disparity between 
the disadvantaged and the 
privileged and have an effect on 
the nation which is anything but 
benign. . 

I wonder how the editor would 
act if (s) he was in a race for h (er) 
(is) life in which (s) he was in leg 
;rons while the other runners were 
unrestrained and at the halfway 
jlOint the officials noti ced the 
shackles, halted the race with all 
the runners remaining in their 
places as the chains were 
removed. Then the race was 
resumed with officials declaring 
all was fair and equal now that the 
~tor had no irms on h(er) (is) 
legs and thus could run the same 
as everyone else. Such is the 
position if the disadvantaled 
minorities in the editor's solution 
of simply declaring ourselves 
nondiscriminatory . 

What lies at the heart of the 
Bakke/affirmative action 
program issue is the fact that the 
educational disadvantales of 
tho8e aided by afOnnative action 
programs were caused by direct 
action, and must be alleviated in 
the same manner. 

LENNIE EDWARDS 

MoneIe,. OclOber 31.1177 

"Planned scarcity' of 
doctors keys issue 

Utterly amazing are the prote8t 
marcbes, speecbes and other 
eveota 0CCUI1'in& coocernin& the 
BaJdre case. It aeems like we have 
cboesI up sides: either you are 
pro or ~, a COP.9." a robber .. a . 
"eood" guy or a "bad" guy! WhY 
do we stupidly, bHndly continue in 
this mamer that solves absoutely 
nothing anCi needlessly pits one 
group against the other? 

All businessmen know that if 
they can keep merchandise 
scarce it has greater vaue and 
results in their receiving more 
money. Physicians are no 
exceptions! There are only ll4 
medical schools in the entire 
United States, resulting in a 
"planned scarcity" of physicians 
and also resulting in physicians 
demanding and receiving highest 
price for medical care in the 
world. Our "price" system is a 
socal operatioo which the system 
itself pits one group (any group) 
working for more money against 
the common interest. Would there 
be a Bakke case if there were 

eDOU8h medical scbooIa for every 
qualified applicant? Come on 
DOW. let's stop playing games: 
"good" guys against "bad" guys 
alike must realize .that it is the 
"price" system that we must 
cbaDie in order to solve this 
problem and also the majority of 
others. 
~ Teclmocracy Inc., an educa-
tional, research organiZation's 
blueprint of social operation is 
such that there s no "planned 
scarcity" with physicians or 
anything else. And rightly so! 
Why should not every qualified 
individual who wishes to become 
a physician (or anyone choosing 
another career) be denied that 
opportunity? An unworkable pipe 
dream? Every responsible 
person should investigate 
Technocracy's Technological 
Social Design. Literature is 
available by writing to 1400 E . 
Cotati Ave., Rohnert Park, CA 
9t928. 

JOHN TAUBE 

'Concrete facts' point 
to Affirmative Action 

We need to concern ourselves with less " what if's" and more 
concrete facts . What are the actual statistics on medical students 
admitted by affirmative action? What is the factual basis for the 
claim that they are "less qualified"? 

Although Allen Bakke claims that sixteen affirmative action 
students were admitted into UCD Medical School whose GPA's 
were lower than his , there were already thirty-six non-affirmative 
action students who were admitted with lower GPA's. This brings 
us to the key. issue underlying the Bakke case: racism. Racism in 
the United States is the institutionalized perpetuation of white 
privilege over non-whites. 

Third World people have been under-represented in all 
professional careers, and in medicine particularly. Racial 
integration is especally important in medicine due to the 
significant role that doctors play in our society. To have third 
world people as. doctors goes against all of our social conditioning, 
and would prOVide role models for people who would otherwise not 
even consider the possibility of becoming doctors. I ' d like to see 
the day when a black woman doctor is not given a second glance, 
when her presence is nothing extraordinary but is quite normal. 

We have only to look at the recent Ku Klux Klan border patrols 
and the American Nazi Party activities to realize that racism is 
alive and well today , and that the true direction which 
dis~rimination is going is, as it has always been, against the non-
whites . 

It seems ironic that affirmative action, whICh was intended to 
assist racial integration and combat the injustices of racial 
discrimination , is now being questioned as a source of 
discrimination. I find it difficult to believe that we face the 
possibility of being shoved two steps backward for taking one step 
forward. 

Perhaps we third world people are expected to work harder and 
wait another two hundred years in hopes that things will 
eventually work out somehow. This is clearly not a rational nor an 
effective direction to pursue, We must continue to take charge of 
our lives and step out of the feelings of hopelessness and 
powerlessness which have bogged us down. 

Of course it won ' t be easy . As we begin to explore different 
possibilities we will flounder around and step on a lot of toes while 
attempting social reform. This is exactly what's happened with 
the ~akke case. Affirmative action is just a c1urpsy attempt to 
ameliorate two centuries of racial oppression and fear. But to 

ac~omplish this t3isk and bless us with interracial harmony neatly, 
pamlessly overmght would take a miracle. So until someone can 
come up with a better idea , we just have to give ita chance and see 
if it works . 

JO ANN~ SCHOON 

riton limes I 
UC San Olea!) 

Volume 32, Number 17 Mondar, October 31, 1Ir77 
Alan Russell 

Ran Anbar 
Managing Editor 

Editor 

LlHWolpe 
Assistant Menaglng Editor 

Kitty Robinson 
Copy Editor 

Richard Yocom 
Photo Editor 

Shauna Stokes 
Advertising Manager 

Laura Richter 
News Editor 

Andy Schneider 
AsslstaAt News Editor 

Reed Alpert 
Assistant News Editor 

Tim MacKenzie 
Arts Editor 

. Steve Gould 
Sports Editor 

,triton time8 Pege I 
~----------------~------.-------------------~--------~--------~ 
lIoneIe,. OC .... r 31, 1177 

Roger'S World by Hany .... Ing Old and thin 

"Vanities" review lacked depth 
Old news is no news. 
Did my eyes decieve me ordidl 

see a review for Vanities that 
opened at the SprecJdes Theatre 
October fifth, closed October 
fifteenth in the October twenty-
fourth issue of our (un) de-
pendable Triton Times? 

Besiaes the timeliness of this 
article, one is amaied at the 

va~uity of the writing .' A 
critical review answers : 1) 
What does the work set out to 
do? 2) How effective is the 
achievement of this goal? If I 
had not seen the play myself, I 
would now not know the 
answers to those guestions 
Reporter liewey gibly side 

L-______ --' ______________ J -F' Co-producer ~'~ 
Punk rockers narrowly 
escape whipping post 

I'm writing this for a friend who 
wouldn't lift a finger to write it 
himself (too ·mucli pride .. I think) , 
but whose opinions I find so 
peculiar that I IIUIpeCt there· may 
be some value In passing them on 
(00 the other hand, who's to say 

what's valuable, right?) . 
This person is very snide and 

sarcastic, and PCIIBES9Cci of a 
slightly Underground disposition 
- I suspect that his bostitilities 
can only be understood in this 
psychlOlicaJ context Anyway, 
he thinks mellow people are 
stupid and superficial, and has. 
great" cmt.empt for a particular 
Southern California 8IJb.cuIture 
which revolves around 1W'finI, 
getting "lucked up," Steve Miller, 
Fleetwood Mac and in general 
being "high on life." MoreoYe~~ 
seems very antagonistic to LA!IJ 

vegetarianism, "iIecaen British 
punk rock" (which he says 
embodies a .. stormtropper 
nihilism") and numerous other 
"foreign irnportatiClls" pining a 
foothold in American life . . 

Apparently it W88 this "punk 
rock" peeve which occasioned his 
latest fit of uncontrollable rage. 
Referring to a letter silned 
"White Punks on Waves," he said 
(and I quote) "creatures as 
mindless 88 these deserve at the 
very ieast to be flogged, bee bee 
bee." I finally persuaded him, 
though, that flogging might be a 
bit harsh. 

D. SCOCCIA 

PRECISION CUnlNG 
SKINCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A complete Redken Salon 

SlSt Holiday Ct. 
. Right by La Jolla Village Inn 

455-0680 
10% DISCOUNT 

ON SERVICES' 
... with ::ilu_t or Facultv 10 . 

•• 8rlnolhi"~;.Coupon -4.,' 
~~, *- Humanities & Social .~ Science Majors 

Get tuned to your career possibilities 
Meetings focus on skills or 

activities of interest to you - and how 
they can be parlayed into jobs. Recent 
UCSD alums will be there to tell how 
they made it! 

Nov. 1: I LIKE WORKING WITH 
PEOPLE. 

Nov. 2: I'M GOOD AT PLANNING & 
ORGANIZING. 

Nov. 3: I'M ARTISTIC (Applied 
work). 

Nov. 8: I DIG RESEARCH -
Nov. 10: WRITING IS MY THING 

11 am-12: 30 pm each day 
Revelle Informal Lounge 

What can your major do for you? 
Meet'with the Humanities 

& Social Sciences Career 
Advisor at YOUR college. 
CALL or DROP BY your 
College Dean's Office. 

WHEN 
~ondays 
Tuesdays 
Wednesdays 
Thursdays . 

WHERE 
Revelle College 
Muir College 
Warren College 
Third College 

CALL FOR 
INFO/AN APPT. 
452-3490 
452-3587 
452-4355 

452~ 

JJoolittJe summarized the inter1t of 
the play, as he saw it, as a 
wrtrayal of a society that fails to 
prepare women for the life they 
must face, to help women go 
beyond a one faceted personality. 
As Hewey vaguely mentions, in 
~r ~tion, the play failed by 
givIng only ' ultra-cliche ' 
characters. How and why? After 
more than two weeks POndering 
the production, couldn't a better 

written review inform the 
students f what they have 
missed? 

I would hope that even Musical 
MacKenzie, the seasoned Triton 
Times Art Editor, could see the 

fu~ty of this kind of reporting. I 
might venture to guess that the 
students of UCSD can hope for 
another balTen year of 'What's 
new from RCA! .. 

LAURIE MANSFIELD 

Physical' Enlinee ring 
Science Majors 

A Special Field Trip 
Tour HEWLETT PACKARD , 

Rancho Bernardo, with professional 
. engineers. See and hear how your 

studies can be practically applied in an 
industrial setting. 

Tuesday, November 8, 1977, 2: 30-
6:00 pm. 

Sign-up at Career Planning & 
Placement, Bldg. B, Student tenter. 
Transportation will be provided. 

What can your major do for you? 
Small group meetings with the 

Career adviser for Chemistry , 
Engineering, Computer Science Math 
and Physics majors, at YOUR c~lIege. 
Call or drop by your College Dean's 
Office. 

WHEN 
Tuesdays 
Wednesdays 
Thursdays 
Fridays 

CALL FOR 
WHERE INFO/ AN APPT. 
Third College 452"4390 
Muir College 452-3587 
Warren College 452-4355 
Revelle College 452-3490 

Peer Counselinl Prolram 
The Health Sciences Advisory 

Program announces openings for 
PEER COUNSELORS for the 1977-78 
academic year. An orientation-
information meeting will be held 
Wednesday, Nov. 2. Noon, in the 
Student Center Complex, Building B_ 

All Students 

-
SOUTH .... v 'lAZA LOIIIA IIOUIoM FAIHIOH VAlLEV 
'_WAY ~A COlLlQ( _ TOWNE ClNTIIE 
~ CENT'" "-AlA CAMINO MAl 
LOS CE"",ro. we .. _rp OUINTl,*LLI"AlL 
FOX HIlLS "AlL WIIlr COV_ OLl_L( GALLl"'A 

T1II UCSD Job Connection 
A workshop voyage of discovery 

where you can find out how your 
personal skills and enthusiasms might 
be connected to hundreds of jobs. 

Monday, November 7, 1977, 4-6: 30 
pm 

Revelle College Formal Lounge. 

Job-Huntinl Tactics 
You'll learn the funda.-nentals of 

resume writing, how ~o approach 
employers, and practice job interview. 

Thursday, November 3,:; 5 pm 
Wednesday, November 9, 10-12 noon. 
Friday, November 18, 10-12 noon. 
Vice Chancellor's Conference Room, 

Building B, Student Center. 



...... 
- --...,..---

Mo day 
Tbesis aDd Dissertation Research Grants for the academic year 1977-78 are available 

to candidates for the Ph.D. and M.F.A. Because funds are limited,granUl are being 
restricted to the soeialseiences, humanities, and the arts. Applications are available in 
the studenta' major departments and the Office of Graduate Studies and Research. 
Deadline for receipt in OGSR of all materials is Friday, November 18, 1977. 

• am ... pm - Handball/Racque~ball sign-ups in Recreation Office. 
9 am-5 pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-

2522. Held at 12M H-L. Free. . 
9 am-l pm - Women's Support Group: A free-flowing group, dealing with whatever 

participanta bring to deal with. Personal sharing about achievement, love, anger, 
hope, disappointment, more hope. Sharon Young, facilitator. Call x3987 to sign up. 
Warren College Rec. Center. 

12-1 pm - Conditioning - Wrestling Room. 
12~ pm aDd &-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, 

USB. For further infonnation call x3760. 
Wpm - Table Tennis - Rec. Conf. Room. 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 
4-8 pm - Gymnastics. South Balcony 
4: 30-6: 30 pm - Horseback Riding. La Jolla Fanns. 
7-9 pm - Aikido; Wrestling Room. 
7:30 pm - Royal Shakespeare Company film of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" 

with Diana Regg, David Warner; directed by Peter Hall. USB 2722. Free. 
7: 30-9: 30 pm - Women and Careers: "Where She Leads We Will Follow" lecture 

series held at the' International Center. Sponsoring organization/department Warren 
College/Psych Services. 

7: 30 pm-12 midnight - Third College Halloween Carnival with Haunted House, disco 
dance, cake walk, musical chairs, applebobbing, costume contest, open to everyone. 
Third College Snack Bar. Free. 

8-11 pm - Israeli Folk Dance. Rec. ConI. Room. 

Tuesday 
8: 30-10 am - Muir Freshman Workshop - " Planning Your Academic Career." Sign 

up required 2126 H&SS.Muir Apt. Lounge. . 
9 am-5 pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appomtmenlca1l452-2522. 

Held at 1254 H-L. Free. 
11-12: 30 pm - Career Prospects in the Humanities and Social Sciences. Topic: I like 

to work with people. UCSD Alumnae will be there to tell you how they made it. Revelle 
Informal Lounge. 

11 am-3 pm - Blood drive. Conference Room 111-A (In Chancellor'S Complex), 
Warren 

12 noon-12:45 pm - Bible Prayer Group, sponsored by UCSD Catholic Community. 
Coffee Hut - outside. Free. 

Noon-I pm - Contraceptive Education Session: Informational d.iscussion; all must 
attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located m conference room 
at Student Health Center. 452-2669 . 

12-1 pm - Conditioning. Wrestling Room 
12 noon-l :30 pm - Ci rcle K. Meeting. East Conference Room, Student Center. 

Perform service have fun, help yourself by helping others, thank you and 
congratulations to 'all rowers and dancers . About last week just kidding girls. 

12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, 
USB. For further information call x3760 . 

12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 
4010, USB. For further information call x3670. 

triton time8 P .. 7 

W·ho·t's On: lQ 31-116 
A Weekly Guide Co mpus Events 

ursday 
am - WCSG Commuter Board. 405-A WC. 

12: 30-2 pm - Sex Clinic. For students desiring inlonnation or counseling about am-5 pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. 
sexual concerns. Hugh Pates, Ph.D. and Beverly Battenburg, faclliUttors. Call x3755 or at 1254 H-L. Free. 
x3490 to sign up. Revelle Counseling Office. . pm - Blood drive. 

1: 30-3 pm - Women's Support Group for women ~tudents. over 25 to explore ISSues Community Center (Lower Blake Hall), Revelle. 
concerned with being women students, single, mamed, or divorced. Call x3755 for lID 30 pm - Career Prospecta In the Humanities and Social Sciences. Topic: I'm 
appointment. 412 Warren College. .u:SU\;. UCSD Alumnae will be there to tell how they made it. Revelle Fonnal Lounge. 

2-4 pm - Muir: What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences Do For You? The Dr. Edward Dratz, UCSC to speak about Studies of the Structure and 
H&SS Career Advisor will be available to discuss options. Call 452-3587. of Retinal Rod Membranes at 3405 MH. 

2 pm - Dr. George Lang, Pennsylvania State University to speak on Mossbaucr - Conditioning. Wrestling Room 
Studies of Hemoglobin, M.yoglobin and Synthetic Analogu~s at AP"M 2250. and &-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, 

3 pm - Meeting of Third College Program Board. All Third students are welcome to further infonnation call x3760. 
attend and give their ideas. Center for the People. . and &-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 

3~: 30 pm - Re-organizational meeting. Plan concerts for next quarter, electlODa. For further information call x3760. 
Help us plan how to spend money. New members being accepted. East ConferellCt - Dr. William B. Thompson, UCSD to speak about Ion Beam Fusion at AP"M 
Room, Student Center. 

4~ pm - Gymnastics. South Balcony pm - Third: What Can Your Humanities or Social Science Major Do For You? 
5-5:45 pm - Judo. North Balcony. H&SS Career Advisor w~ll be available to discuss options. Call 452-4390 for 
5: 30 pm - WCSG Cabinet. 495-A. 
6: 30-8 pm - Outing. Rec. Conf. Room. . . of Sociology - Visiting Associate Professor Gary Marx of the 
7-9 pm - Experiment in Com.munity .- for stl:'de~ts, staff. and ~aculty desmng to Institute of Technology will present a Colloquium on " Cops as Robbers, 

participate in forming a commUnity offenng contmulty f relatIOnships. Sharon Young, Facilitators, and Creators of False Records: Ironies of Social Control." Room 
Ph.D. and Rob Mashman, Ph.D. facilitators. Call x 3987 to sign up. Warren H&SS. 
Rec Center. - Dr. Yoel Rephaeli, UCSD to speak about X-Ray Emission from Clusters of 

7: 30 pm - Regular Tuesday night meeting of Trident Christian Fellowship. Note at TLH 104. 
room change: APM 2250. - Anxiety Reduction Group - For students desiring to reduce stress or 

7: 30 pm - Royal Shakespeare Company film of" A Midsummer Night'S Dream' with in test taking or social situations. Hugh Pates , facilitator. Revelle Counseling 
Diana Rigg, David Warner; directed by Peter Hall. TLH 107. Free. Call x3490 or 3755 to sign up. 

8 pm - " Atomic Cafe," grad~ate mus!c stu~ents' ?ri~inal c~mposi~ions performe?' pm - Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
This concert will be all tape musIc featurmg sCience fICtIOn, ornIthologIcal and aleaone pm - Yoga . Adaptive Room. 
subjects. Mandeville Recital Hall. Free. - Graduate Student Council meeting. East Conference Room. 

8 pm - Movie: " Car Wash" starring the Pointer Sisters, Richard Pryor, and pm - Judo. Wrestling Room. 
Franklin Ajaye. USB 2622 $1.50. - Karate. North Balcony. 

W~dnesday 
pm - Politjournal meeting; cocktails at 5: 00 pm, formal dress. HL2550, Poli Sci 

",·prp,nn .. Room. 
- Ballroom Dance. Rec. Conf. Room. 

pm - Workshop - Tenant Rights . Neighborhood House Association, 841 S. 41st. 

- Testimony meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All are welcome. 
Office Argo Hall. 

30 pm - Third College Peer Counselors training session - all those interested in 
~ULI",,,[,,ing are welcome - important planning for TGIF party. Center of the 

pm - Fencing. West Balcony. 
9 am-5 pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appointment call 30·10 pm - Movie: " Mahatma Ghandi, " USB, 2672, Free. 

Held at 1254 H-L. Free. - " What Do Women Really Want? Caroline Bird Speaks," a UC San Diego 
11-12: 30 pm -:- Career Prospects in the Humanities and Social Sciences. evening of discussion about everything from social security to comparable 

Good at Organizing. UCSD Alumnae will be there to tell how they made it. is affiliated with ' he American Sociological Association and the National 
Informal Lounge. ;""'~C1.IUII for Women. Room 107, Third Lecture Hall; Third College Campus, UCSD. 

12 noon - AMES 205, Seminar No. 4, Film Series. Film " Fluid Dynamics of Drag, $5.00 regular, $2.50 students with valid J.D. 
1. " 7104 Urey Hall . Free. - " Our Sacramental Roots: Baptism and Eucharist," by Campus Pastor John 

12-1 pm - Conditioning. Wrestling Room. University-Community Church , 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
Noon-I pm - Contraceptive Education Session: Informational discussion; all must 30 pm - Lecture - Slide Presentation - " Prospects For Peace in Ireland." 

attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, locate in conference ot .l"tll'·P and slide demonstration on present conflict in Ireland and possible solutions. 
Student Health Center - 452-2669. . Center Lounge. Free. 

Noon-I pm - •• Intimacy: Getting Your Intimacy Needs Met While Living Alone." An 
informal discussion led by Hugh Pates, Clinical Psychologist, at the Noon UCSD Single 
Parents Group. All faculty , staff, students, and interested single parents invited. Bring 
a lunch and sit in on discussion. Revelle Formal Lounge. Free. 

12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemisry tutoring in room 4010, 
USB. For further information call x3760 . 

12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinc Help -Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070 USB. 
For further information call x3760 . 

iday 
2-4 pm - Warren: What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences Do For You? The am-2 pm - Blood drive. Scripps Service Yard . , 

H&SS Career Advisor will be a v a Hable to discuss options . Ca 11 452-4355 lor am-5 pm - Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. 
appointment. at 1254 H-L. Free. 

3~ pm - Table Tennis. Rec. ConL Room. Noon - Horseback riding. Rec. ConI. Room . 
4 pm - Dr. Willam Feirbank, Stanford University to speak on Evidence for Free noon-4 pm - OASIS Clinic Help -Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070, USB. For 

Quarks? at USB 2622. information call x3760. 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. noon-4 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 4010, 
4-8 pm - Gymnastics. South Balcony. For further infonnation call x3760. 
5-8 pm - Jazz. North Balcony. 05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar. Dr. George N. Somero, Scripps Institution of 
5: 30 pm - The Clasical Music Society will meet for dinner at the Coffee Hut at 5:' .,cllluJ(raphy. "Molecular Evolution: How is the Hard Word Shared?" 307 Vaughan 

pm (outside) . This is our first meeting and will be of an organizational nature. All 
interested people welcome. Coffee Hut outside. pm - Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 

6 pm - Christian }o~ellowship Dinner (SOt) . All are welcome. University-CommunitY pm - Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. pm - Zen Meditation Center - Provides a settng for silent sitting and walking 

7 pm - What makes the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints instruction provided if desired. 1102 Tioga Hall (Muir Campus) . Free. 
" Mormons") different from all other churches? In it, the fulness of the Gospel of JeSUS - Karate. North Balcony. 
Christ has again been revealed and restored to the Earth. Though ignorance, pm - Oneg Shabbat Potluck Dinner in Revelle FonnallInformal Lounges. 
misconceptions and untruths aboard concerning this church, only if you, the individual, "The Fixer" with Alan Bate at 8: 30 pm in USB 2722. Free. Sponsored by U.J.S. 
investigate, this church can you know of the truth ofthis message. If you sincerely seek pm - "Touch for Health," a self-help program presented by UC SAN DIEGO 
or want the truth come to the Institute class and learn about Eternal marriage, tbf which offers acupuncture, touch, and massage to improve balance, leading 
Book of Mormon, the purpose of life. Little white institute building across street west Ii physical energy. Application to injury prevention, rehabilitation and 
Tioga Hall. health maintenance. Instructor John Thie, B.S., D.C., is author of "Touch 

7-9 pm - Surf. Rec. Conf. Room. ." Program held through Saturday November 5 from 9 am~ pm. Winzer 
7-9 pm - Aikido. Wrestling Room. (B , Basic Science Bldg., School of Medicine, Matthews Campus, UCSD. Fee: 
7: 30 pm - " Revolution Until Victory" - A film documenting the struggle ~ ring bag lunch to Saturday session.) 

the Palestinian people to secure a homeland. USB 2622. Free. ' 30 pm - Concert: "The Outlaws" will perform an amplified concert. " The 
8-10 pm - " Distinguished Lecturer Series: Dr. Martin Chamberlain in ConversatiOll ' a southern country-rock band, known for such hits as "There Goes Another 

with Drs. Ted Dixon, Thomas Goodman, and Leland Newcomer," a UC San Die' Song," " Green Grass and High Tides," and their latest single "Hurry Sundown." 
Extension evening of discussion on the need for education throughout life, on the futurt GYm. 
of education in San Diego, and on implementing the concept of life-long learning In Sal - Live Entertainment _ return performance of Tom Sesma and Monty 
Diego. Room L04, Third Lecture Hall , Third College Campus, UCSD. Fee: $5.00. Muir 5" Dime. Free. 

Saturday 
9 am-4 pm - "Touch for Health," UC San Diego Extension program continued from 

Friday. Winzer Commons, Basic Science Bldg., School of Medicine Matthews 
Campus,UCSD. Fee: $29. (Bring bag lunch). ' 

5 pm - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive . 
7 pm - Movies: " Casablanca" and "The Big Sleep." USB 2722. $1.00. 
8: 30 pm-ll pm. - Bulgarian Quartet - to play: Beethoven, Quartet No. 5 in A MajorJ 

Op. 18; ~urktch~sk~, Quartet NO. 1 (J960) , Brahms: Quartet No. 1 in C Minor, Op. 31. 
Mandeville Audltonum. Sponsored by Faculty Chamber Series. Admission: UCSD 
Students TBA, General $7.50, Other $24 . series. 

10 pm - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

... -

. ~- ,. 

'" .. ~ ~-

Sunday 

. 

• ... -,. 
, . 

'- . 

8: 30 am - Catholic Mass. Universi ty-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive. 

10 am - Lutheran Service of Holy Communion with trumpet solo by Edwin Haskins 
and message by John Huber. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive. 

12: 03 - Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive. 

1 pm - Center for Psychological Revolution presents audio-video accounts of 
interactions 'with individuals and groups. 1529 Hornblend St. , Pacific Beach. 273-4673. 
Free. 

5 pm - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
6-9 pm .:... OASIS Clinic Help - Math and Physics tutoring in room 4070 USB. For 

further information call x3760. 
6-9 t>m - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring in room 4010 , USB. For 

, further information call x3760. 
8 pm - Movies: " Casablanca" and " The Big Sleep." TLH 107. Admission $1.00. 

Where's K. Wally? 
That's what we'd like to know. For two weeks 

we have been bombarded with questions with 
no one to refer them to. If you encounter a bear 
masquerading as a student please contact the 
TT office Immediately. A.S . is becoming 
restless. 



'I buyanything 
14K GOld 

I-you've seen 
Ursula Oppens to lead off 
UCSD scholarship pla~o series 

A NEW OUTDOOR JEWE LRY STORE 
1261 Prospect St ... t LI Joll . 

(Next to Alfonso's Restaurant) 
459-4788 

11 AM - 10 PM Every Day 

"The religion of the piano-
forte is stiU with us," writes 
Donald Henaban of tbe New 
Vork Times, "in the person of 
Ursula Oppena." 

'Tbe Avery Fisher Prize 
winner, whom he went on to call 
unquestionably one of tbe most 
accomplisbed younger pian-
ists, will lead off the UCSD 
Scholarsbip Piano Series on 
November 30, at 8 pm In 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

. Jenkins wrote that sbe played 
al thougb she'd written it. A 
remarkable pianist." 

The evening will also feature a 
work by Frederic Rzew.ld -
"The People United Will Never 
Be Defeated" (1975). Oppens 
bas cbamploned the works of 
tbis Chilean composer to rave 
responses from the press. 
"This Is Miss Oppens' kind of 
music," wrote the New York 
Times' Harold Schonberl. 

Oppens will round off the 
recital with the Sonata in A flat 
major, Opus 110 by Beetboven. 
II As witb Rudolf Serltin," wrote 

Jenkins, "one should not go 
to bear Miss Oppena for tbe 
laughs or the pearly runs; sbe 
offers consistent mental 
.timulation. " 

Tbe otber artists in tbls 
diversified series will be Earl 
"Fatha" 'Hines on February 1. 
Anton Kuerti on Marcb 15, Duo 
Pianists Lavista and Ibarra on 
April 19. and Tamas Ungar on 
May 10. 

All proceeds will benefit 
talented students .by tbe 
establishment of scholarships. 

For further information call: 
452-3229. 

Oppens is among a truly 
select group of pianists who 
play new music and old with 
equal insight. In tbe area of the 
avant-garde, Speight Jenkins 
of tbe New York Post called her 
"virtually a ,enius." She plays 
with insigbt; her technique is 
beyond compare. Percussive 
witbout banging, she can make 
fierce dissonances into some-
thln& less tban noise." 

"Bogey's Back" here~ 
Try a Delicious 

SLIM JIM BANANA SPLlT-
The Fun of Ice Cream-The Goodness of Y09'rt 

with % the Calories and Yo the Fat 
(3 Flavors Every Day-Chocola~. Vanilla or Fruit) 
Sliced Banana. Fresh Fruit + 2 Health Toppings 25' OFF ... h .. ;;,oo~ 

~ 
Soft Frozen Yogurt of California . 

7643 Girard Ave. (next to I. Magnin'sl 459-9809 
Weekdays. 10:30 am-" pm; Weekends. 10:30 am-Midhi!;ht 

San Diego audiences will 
bear Oppens in the kind of 
repertoire tbat has earned ber 
reputation. Pierre Boulez's 
First Piano Sonata will begin 
the program. When Oppens 
played the composer's Second 
Sonata at Alice Tully Hall, 

Sea Deucer ... 
(CPD&inuecl from page 1) 

from here, the trips are taken 
during quarter breaks and in the 
summertime, , 

Other dives, taken during three 
day weekends througbout tbe 
year, go to San Quentin (in ~a 

. "";;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;~~~~~~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~~ California) and to Catalina Island: r, "The dive masters are told 

Learn a language. Discover a new culture. Find out about liCe In one 
of 60 developing countries: Theirs. YourS. Peace Corps needs what 
you know about industrial arts, business, French, home economics 
or math/science. Are you a liberal arts senior? We need you more 
than ever. 

Get to know more about us. November 8. 9 AM-3 PM in the Career 
Planning &: Placement Office. 

what to look for, bow to take 
care of a group of people who 
are about to go on a dive," he 
explained. 

Potential divers can learn 
scuba diving techniques in a 
beginning scuba diving class 

® tap " dance classes 
Beginning, Intennediate & 

Advanced 
Day & Evening Classes 

Fusion Dance Center 
For information call : 

(714) 436-3733 

An Evening with Humphrey 
Bogart, a one-man show by 
Robert Saccbi, will be per-
formed at 8: 30 pm, Nov. 11, in 
tbe Mandeville Auditorium. 

In "Bogey's Back," Sacchi 
presents not an imitation of 
Bogart. but a re-creation; not 

wbicb is offered every quarter. 
Sponsored by the San Diego 
Divers Supply and the Diving 
Locker, the class 008tB only ., 
(commercial prices usually 
range from $85 to $100) and 
rulminates in the certifICation of 
the class members . 
After becoming certified 
anyone is eligible to join the Sea 
Deucers. Besides offering 
opportunities to go diving, the club 
offers many various sea-related 
activities. 

Kobayashi neatly summed up 
the purpose of the Sea Deucers. 
"The club's business is to promote 
scuba activities. But it is aI80 a 
social club. created for people 
to get klgetber and have ftm ... 

983 India 
327 FStreet 

PAYS DONORS 
,for Service 

Mon •• Frl. 
233-5481 
234-4601 

an evening of impreSSions, but 
of theater. It's a one-man show 
in the tradition of "Give 'em 
Hell, Harry,' "Bully!' and Hal 
Halbrook's "Mark Twain." 

Saccbi, who looks, talks and 
acts like the famed movie . 
actor, brings Bogart back to 
reminisce ab!>ut bis past, to re-
create some of his ,reatest 
rl)les, and to comment on life in 
the 70s. It's a full eveniq of 
Bogart. tbe myth and tbe man 
- everything from tbe same 
charismatic command of his 

. material right down to tbe lisp, 
sneer, stooped shoulder and tbe 
disarming, dangerous smile. 

A film series featuring six 
Bogart films beginning Satur-
day will precede Sacchi's 
presentation. The mms will b 
be shown twice. tbe first 
evening in USB, 2722 and tbe 
second evening in the Third 
College Lecture Hall . 

"Casablanca" and "The Big 
Sleep" will be shown Nov. 5 and 
I: "The Maltese Falcon" and 
"To Have and Have No&" will 
be shown Nov. 7 and 8, and "The 
Caine Mutiny" and "Tbe 
African Queen" will be shown 
Nov. It BDd 10. All shows will 
belln a& 8 pm. 

Tickets (or the film series 
plus "Bogey's Back" may be 
purcbases at the UCSD box 
office (452-tS59). Tickets are $6 
for general admission and $5 
for UCSD students. Tickets for 
single film showings are $1. 

AA=~~,!::~:,c~lectronic~ . 
; COMPLETE INVENTORY OF ELECTRONICS ACCESSORIES 

~IIIIIHIIINIII"IIIIIII.""IIIIIIIII"II",II"III"N"IIINIH"IIIIIII"I1"111"' __ ..... _II1II1111 "11"1111111'11"."""'"1'111' II 
.DIAMOND NEEDLES .PORTABLE STEREO CASSETTE RECORDERS 
• SHURE CARTRIDGES • PATCH CORDS-SPEAKER WIRES 

.NEW VAC-O- REC RECORD VACUUM 

CO/v'1tNG SOON: CLARION'S NEW HIGHWAY FIDELITY, 
PIONEER STEREO COMPONENTS 

A vai I able at 452-3786 

The University Bookst~re 
. ........., 

The University Boobtore 
~"'~·s..DIoto 

Monday, October 31, 1m triton timl'8 .... 

• 
, 

+~ Advanced mpus . Electronic~= 
~.L4'! COMES TO ~L~ 

.The University Bookstore 
Now Student J Faculty & Staff Have 

A Total Elect'ronic Center On Campus. 
FEATURING: 

--------------------~----------------------­SCM & ROYAL ELECTRIC TYPEWRITER SPECIALS 
SAVE 
$21.30 

-With carrying cover 

SAVE 
$32.65 

SUG. RET. 
$319.50 

A.c.E. PRICE 
$286.85 

-Uses cartridge ribbons 

Hewlett--Packard CALCULATORS 
-Pocket-si zed 8P·29 C 

programmable scientifi 

-Pocket calculator for 
busi ness man.agement 

SOG. RET. 
$125.00 

cal culator 
SUG. RET. 

$195.00 

SUG . RET. 
$125.00 

-Scientific progranrnable calculator 

STEREO SALES 

SUG. RET. 
$179.95 

A.C.E. PRICE 
$147.95 

-AC/battery operated portable 
cassette tape recorder 
SUG. RET. 
$:';2 .95 

A.C.E. PRICE 
$28.95 

-

MODEL RT-1155 
-----

'=, 

' -

-Front loading stereo 
cassette deck W/APSS & dolby 

/ 

Texas Instruments 
electr()(ll(: slide nJe coicubtOf 

SR-40 
SUG . RET . $29 . 95 

A.C.E. PRICE 
$23.95 

'I Texas Instruments TI58 r/ Progrommoble 
( tlil\SUG. RET. $1 24 . 95 

\f!!) A.C.E. PRICE 
$99.95 

A.eE PRICE 
$28.00 

MODEL EL·203 

SINGING CALCULATOR 

I~~~I MODEL EL'5805 

MODEL 
. EL·8130 

. -Ultra-thin billfold type 
scientific calculator 
W/direct access memory 

-8 digit calculator 
W/ to ta 1 memo ry 

SUG. RET. $10.95 

IA.C.L PRICE $9.95 

• -Super-thin (5mm) 
calculator W/ "fem" 

type LCD & 4-key 
direct access memory 

MUSIC MAN 
SUG. RET. $34 .95 

I A.c.E. PRICE $31.45 

452-3786 .~~ 
The University Bookstore 

University of California. San Diego 



,...10 I triton times 
-----,-

port n 
The wom~~ I vollyeball 

team defeated~SIU 3-1, and 
lost to Soutbrw Item JC 3-2 
and Universk of San Diego 
3-41. 

UCSD Sp r essness 
questioned In survey_ 

Five weeks of this , the fall 
academic quarter have passed 
and by now, (1't:~lun"ll have 
eithc.- estahlhhecl their 
thoughts or developed some 
opinions on various aspects of 
UCSD and returning students' 
conceptions have been recon-
firmed_ 

The cross country team 
took first plal:e in a five way 
meet V~. USIU. Loyola. 
Tijuana Tech ' and tbe San 
Diego Masters Team Oct. 22. 
Peter Dolan set a school 
record for the UCSD course. 
running the 5.3 mile circuit 
in 29:47. One widespread opinion is 

The surfing team lost a UCSD is a quality educational 
dual meet to UC Irvine. institution of higher learning. 
~==========~- We have three nobel prize 
... winners. many award winners 

Presnilntf Need Help' 
Mike i decision Both You 

ilnd Your Bilby un live with. 
Free Counselinl ind Aid 
P..,.l,le L., .... " HOTLINE 58J.l.lfE 

Only 52.50 eilch! 

'-tur1ng the WOIIII 01 PIaIMo. 0.11. 
Eac:Iw. van Gogh, MontI, Geuguln. 
RtInoIr. v~, Boech, ~, 
O'egIlI , Miro, ~. w,.th, ITWIV 

-

9:OQ-!;:OO Mon-Fri 
Oct. 11-Nov. 4 
Revelle Quad 

in arts, social and physical 
sciences as well as top level 

. graduate programs in medi-
cine and biology. Many other 
colleges and universities are 
jealous of our reputation in 
certain educational fields _ 

But UCSD lags far behind 
almost every college in the 
United States in school spirit-, 
the expression of pride for one's 
campus. UCSD is especially 
stagnant in support of athle-
tics. Why? 

Spirit omiUed? 

This campus opened in 1964. 
created by the Regents of the 
University of California in the 
tradition of the other existing 
UC campuses . The phrase 
school spirit or pride must have 
been accidentally omitted from 
this school's charter because 
it's obvious that school spirit is 
absent here. 

Share. your skills 
There's a lot to be done in America. If you're a senior with 
interests in social work or community relations. there's a lot 
you can do in VISTA. And. you'll be doing a lot for yourself. 
Ask about one year assignments. November 8. 9 AM-3 PM in 
the Career Planning and Placement office. Sign-up [or an 

. interview now. Or, call 452-3750. 

Back to School Special 

6.00 
By appointment only 
Expires Noy. 7, 1977 
All major C '"di! c/lrds accepted 
Please brin ~ ad 

Shampoo and cui 
With Cindy or Arnie 
(Blow dry/styling or 
long hair slightly extra) 

The Hair Garden 
'.1 •••••••••••••••••••••• 

Y ou.r Haircutting 
Place 
1250 Prospect 
McKellar Plaza 
La Jolla 
454-3077 
Mon-Frl : 9am t08pm 
Sat : 9 am to 6 pm 
S,un : Warn t04pm 

UC Los Angeles and UC 
Berkeley are older, more 
established UC branches, but 

.they have alumni and tradi-
tions stretcblng back to their 
infant yean_ Students at UC 
Santa Barbara. Davis. Irvine 
an Riverside all express some 
form of school pride - either by 
attendance at a sporting event 
or speaking highly of their 
school (Santa Cruz has been 
omitted for obvious reasons. 
It's almost as lame as UCSD.) 

The topic of conversation 
most overheard from first or 
second year UCSD stuents is 
"When and where will I 
transfer to?" Transfer students 
at UC San Diego are looked 
upon as anomolies. Why? 

One main source of cultiva-
ting school pride comes from 
intercollegiate athletics. We 
have thirty teams here, so says 
the catalogue. A quick survey 
among students would reveal 
that at least fifty percent of the 
students here have never 
attended a UCSD intercolleg-
iate athletic event. 

This school has 7800 under-
graduates. Only once has the 
gymnasium been filled to cap-
acity for basketball. At almost 
every sporting contest. the 
participants out number the 
spectators. Why? 

Sure, a good team breed s a 
good crowd. But what school 
could recal the name of the top 
three pitchers on Lyle Olson's 
baseball team from last year or 
the school record for most 
points scored in a career 
basketball or even the name of 
the athletic director? 

UCSD has no alumni as-
sociation that students are 
aware of. no caraderie among 
students. no traditions save a 
tricycle race and pumpkin and 
watermelon drops. The per-
centage of students answering 
"UCSD" to the question" If you 
could start college over again. 
where would you go?" would be 
miniscule. Why? 

The Triton Times would like 
to know who you think is to 
blame for the blatant lack of 
school spirit. The ballot on this 
page can be filled out and 
returned to theTT office 
(located in the student center) 
or mailed to the Triton Times. 
B-016, UCSD. La Jolla. Cali-
fornia 92037. 

A majority con'sensus of 
blame on one party might be 
the beginning of curing the ails 
of UCSD spiritless problems. 

PlfWl»ck. 
E Jtcfu';.,.fy 

Thousencll .. . Of 
P • .,.rbKk. 

owned 

AJll/2 pric. 
10c to $1 .00 
or tra 2 fOf 1 

CI ... la 
Best Seller. 
Romance. 
Non-
Mysteries 
Sci,nc. Fiction 
... AII 
I mported greeting cards. 
postca.ds, gifl wrap and 
posters. 
"Marcel Schurm.n" exclusively . 

Open until 9 PM 
, 737 .... rt-SUI. 108 
(ntxt to ttIc Soup Exc:hIft9l' 

Monete" Octobe, 31,1171 

School Spirit 
Who's to blame? 

/' 
<THE COACHES OF THE INTERCOLLEGIATE TEAMS ~ o 

THE TRITON TIMES 

~ 

VICE-CHANCELLOR OF 
STUDENT AFFAIRS H. HUNT 

o 

'I 
• 

OTHER (YOUR CHOICE) 
~ _______ o 

CHOP 459-1331 
MEAT 

CHARLIES 
I. the number on, hamburaer It.taura.t 
In San 01,,0 accordln, to "Til, R,ader." 

Open .,.... .. t. LIIIIOII.nd 01_ 
8002 Girard Ave. at Pro. , La .Iolla. Ca. 92037 

Monde;, 00 .... '31, 1177 triton times 1' ... 11 

triton times classi ieds---
D ..... II 1'1lIIaI: IB .. -. tenn PO ............. Ph.D.. CoUqio .. RESEARCH PAPERS. " AOUI.""" "" .... rIoIloIIo. ocIillq.1'UIiI jollo - 463_, MHI7I . file. All ... dernl< IUbjocta. 80ad 11.00 for m.1I 

--, "") onIot •• IlI .... Bo.WI .. Z, LoIAnaeles,C_UI._ 
Sarrlmore, my paramour · BryOll "'IT)' wiDI, bul (III) m-Wt. (1/11) 
only by __ . ... youSaI. IlIcIIt .• Loot, ..... lIIIy "or n.ta '-caU ~Ind at 75WJII (IOISH 
AI." (11111) 

P_I, The PI.ytoe<tc-rlD IIItCluller LIIIn., 
..... llide/lapo .............. (I/t II" . 10lllU 
lIyl .. color for ._ .ve ..... -",. (ltISH 

Eam .WIt you Ie.". . .... IIIt .... CGrp _ you I ... 
..pa ....... No ..... _ ~ • '-no 
polttlu.1 UDllmlted. CaU 0II1Ile tlHe bom4I_ 
,"7 (11111) 

101...- lIUdoDu of UCSD • w •• 1 10 ttan a 
Fratam\1¥ 011 .......... COU Jim u.._ (lilt) 

LoIt: """ GO a rilW willi ... lollial " R" 01111 by 
Clutter COl "_y. _ •• 11 _I III ... ad. 
(1111) 

Como 10 \be nnt rneeIiaI of \be .1Molc.1 ..... Ie 
club. w ...... y No • . I "'lilt Cdf_ H.15:11 
OIIl1ide. (l1I11l . 
Happy _y on _ nIcbt'l \be ..... 1 
F . ... ver Voun. JIf' (ltlll) 

H.pefuUy you ol\lOyed y_ binhday p ...... t Iut 
.),hl" mudI •• I did! lGrby·. liller (11111) 

M ..... I · Sh.1I pon .... fo ..... r? • Pe •• UI, U0130 

To the pe ...... who found my me_l ... rd on Tuft, and 
~ .. tarri/le "'OUChto ... lur.IITHANKS! Jo U1I31) 

It hu been rumored tNit Rla lhrow. the wont 
partl .. on UCSD a ltar Friday', pony. I know It'. 
true. (10/11) 

MMW · I'm 'lillie . II you .1111 think YOlllo •• me ctv. 
me a •• lIal t52 exl. .zzI. Alk lor PR 5 (10131) 

T.the tall handaome.UJI IkHpbuml>i ... 100nthe 
5th noor at Central. You' re cute, but.mlle! (11 /2) 

rr you feel far aWIY (rom God. luess who moved? 
(10141 

Ava.l ye acurvy acum Sea Deucen caribbean niCht 
I, ,01 .. 10 be a bl.at 011 Sat. Nov. 5.17 pm (lilt ) 

Sklme .. : Cha ... thOlt blue book b1uel • way! Skle 
Utah lor Tha ...... I ..... Hey hot 11.11, ,el your 
ticktllOday. (10131) 
To III my buddie, · lhank you (or makin.mB-daylO 
.pecla .. Love \be \OotIIpIIl' kid. 
Typi .. : Marilyn would Uk. 10 lulIlII your lypiJII 
needs· ..... n ..... _.bIe. ha.IBM. OoIl.Z7N721. 
(10/31) 

Halloween ... 
(Continued from page 3) 

Reflecting Mexican tradition. 
Rosa believes that on All Saints 
Day. November 1. the souls Qf her 
two departed children will return 
to their homes. Mexicans believe 
that all children who die become 
angels. so there is no reason for 
sadness. 

Their souls are believed to 
return at night, so the Garcias will 
shoot off fircrackers outside the 
house to attract their attention. 
and to make sure they find their 
way. 

All Souls Day 

Child .... _ willi iIIIortIle wl/o w .... lallube 
b8by . E.,U," or Northweltern European 
b.d ...... nd , pref ••• bly 01 a •• r ... or .bo.e 
IntelllatllOl .ad .ttradive. ladle. 1e 1M •• ,. aDd 

~. AU ...... en .. nfidtollli. P.O. Box 
1171 La JoIII , CoUl. _. UlIII! 

Communlc.lloa·. lecture ... rIeI preaealll D •• id 
K .... I on .. v .... 1 .. edIa ill Popular UoIIY: Chile 

'1_71. Thurwday No ... I , t pm TLIIl n . n".lcprne. 
(lII lI) hOUSIng 

I bcIrm 'pI, lor real .... 11 mo . • 1111". paid . De-
poaIt Ila,1I CL'lremOllI ..... call ~. (lilt) 

Female w.nted now 10 ab .... 5 bedroom ....... 1. La 
JoIII. III It IMI monlll .... 1. U4-tt2S. 

"_10 10 ....... room w/oame . • _ 10 buell, 
beauWullIlm. home ... _.r, .011 L1na til. 
1171 (It/II) 

rw-nllllie w.nted, I bedroom ""ndo Mar UCSD 
relit 'I» .•• 00I1ble No • . S. Call1&HSl1 (lIIZ) 
4 _It BRlllAunlum bom4IZ.ar,.r.,.n ... pl.ce, 
C.rdllrNlO . ... _ (lil t ) 

2 bdnn . pllor "'DI $ZID. mo. Uillill., paid. 001>0111 
IW. C1alremOllI area. Coli Z7il-ii565 (lilt ) 

Female wanted OOW lo share 5 bedroom house in La 
Jolla. lit " .... monlll renl. 4SH42S. 

IOIIllOUnd 
I..osl: Lt bm Jwedler rlp-up front J .S . Lolita In eol-
lar. Plea ..... tum. 00114$3·1972 Jo. (10/31) 

Loal HP 21 Calrulalo' on Oct. Z7 Pl ...... 11411-
8110, R.ward. (10/31) 

Loal · 81ue wallet .1 Third Coli ••• II round .. 11 til · 
1m, 

LooI: Book. Th. W .... m Ex ... ri.""" in HL IIti on 
Tuesday. Ple .... call Bruce at ~ (CoIlec:I) 
(lOl l I) 

.01 .. ' 
Old H.rt.y. ladion, Trtumph . • nd Ariel paN.nd 
Iit.ralure on _et ....... Pre 1getH3-"... (10131) 

the visiting spirits will have 
sufficient nourishment for their 
return to the world at noon on Nov, 
2. ' 

Octavio. Paz, Mexican writer 
and philosopher. suggests that it is 
the experience and view o( life 
that determines a persons view of 
death. And where life is more 
difficult. death somehow seems 
less shocking. 

Elections ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

AddreuerlwaDWdlmmodiatety! Worht home · 110 
•• peri.nce nee .... ry - e.l.cellent PI), Write 
Arneric:1II IOrvlc:e. _ P.rt Lane, Sull' l1li, 
0.1 .... Texu 71U1 (III It ) 

Excill.. laIereIll.. Ima .... Il" CODII,DrneIII 
pIec:a W'Dted. Low lee . ........ 10. IDtervle", U/. 
'UI . (ltI'l) 

EXECUTIVt.: SIo:CRt.:T",( \ w,lI do yoor If .... 00 
IB .. E ..... U.e Iypewriter 5111"210 11111.) 

TypiooJ-oeU<orN<tiIIt [B" ldectric tenn p ...... , 
- . .... .. ~. tsJ·1IIt evninp. (lilt) 
Typiq . r;.~ .......... ble, IBM, caU 
uytImo, tlHl27 . ..... 0Id0 (II/I) 

SCHOLARSHIPS: "al~, P~y."" Ch.ml,lry. 
E1111-rilW aDd oilier _ •. FuU lullkla, '-. 
plu • • 1"/month. Summer employment ... lib 
__ Iy lor world It ..... ".r more Informalloa 
call: ENS G • ., 101 ..... (7lt) ztS+I4t (Colle<\) . 
(1111) 

TAP DANCE CLASSES Be, .. 101." Adv .... ; day " 
even. cI ...... Flglon Dance Center For Info call 
UH77I (1112) 

Review IeIllona'! For math clauet , ,roup • 
Individual rates. Anyq .... II011 ... w.red .... II b .. k. 
Ben. t$S-ISI7. (lilt ) 

For 751r wiU do sinlint telecram to anyooe n 
campti • . Any lyrics, any Ume. Call 452"14 (or 
Ide ... ( 10/31) 

Irani 
Si<k of I .... ? Dr. Feel,ood p ..... ribes Utah Ikil .. 
over Thanu,ivin,. Tlckeu now on sale (10/3 1) 

Inl.matlo .. 1 tra •• 1 low COIl m,hto 10 Europe. 
larael. Alrica rree Int. Ilucleni ID c.rd tIS W. 
V.lencta Dr. Suite I Full.rton tH32 71~~1031. 
(lIff) 

BOOK ON CAMPUS: E.rope, HawoU aDd New 
Vor1t Ch.rur FlIP", CIEESlUdenl Tr ••• ISludenl 
C.nter B-OI3 Open MWF I~ Call t52_. (1111) 

Paz notes that in North 
American and European societ-
ies. the ..... laws. customs. and 
public l)nd private ethics all tend 
to preserve buman life." butat the 
same time create a fear of death. 

In Mexico. he says. "Our songs. 
proverbs. fiestas and popular 
beliefs show very clearly the 
reason death cannot frighten us: 
because life has cured us of fear." 

1.181a 
Vi rain ,1tIs: Olin Mark VI 110 <m 11911 delperately 
in need ora 10\lln& OWAf'f Please('aIlC8Jey4S3-l3IO 
(10/31) 

H.nda Motorey", It'll . :MOT. Only 7)00 mil .. 
excellent cond it 'on. Include. two helmeu, 
....abb.r. I"".~ rack Ind ba<i<real _ . ",k .. 
all . Call 14I.J131 momin ... (El<OI1dIdo) (lIlt) 

Slulteboardi: major branda 01 Ik ... boanIJ and 
paN al di.s<oonl prices! Phone 755-_ alter I pm 
(10/31 ) 

H.athltll 10M HZ lril. Oocllloo""", IZOO. Call Mike 
.1 ".btek _ZI2Z. (111211 
Pray for powder! Head SkU. - one Muon, wann lti 
par ... , WeuuJl jadtel. lnterelled •• 11 Cr.I,4:11-5171 
(10/31) 

IIFonIRa"heroR"'[ike ... "wililrebul~enai"' _ 
_7IIII ... Di .... (HIt ) 

'75 Datlun U.UIJ HaLChbac'k. k.w nules , radio . 
radials S2600 or twit offer 272 .... ,. 

16 VW Sua ~bullttnline . rapld cool . oil filter, Reel 
radialt loldinl bed.Holly 2BBL C.rb CaU..,-07I3 

1161 Buick Skylark 8.lf condition, power brakes, 
power.teerinl. radiof750. or be.toffer lt7t OalJOD 
Iialion walon. 1I0 AI. ""ndilion. radio ,IOGO .rbell 
orl.r. Coll43lH3It .rtar S o'clock. (10111) 

Elnl .ewlne machine with ca rrY'De Clle, 
Buttonholer and extra lemplatel Call 455-1177 
(10/31) 

Mal rima and uJed tires (Goodyear Poly,lMJ) .Iu 
A70-13 MS. Call 4Moll7 (10111) 

Pentax SPSOO Mmm SLR camera 1145 O.N.D call 
after I pm Apt.. 17 2059 Bacon St., Ocun Beach 
(10111) 

Nylon lenl 7'8" .7'1" lleepo! hardly ..... MIl or 
...r orr •• Call .n.r 5 pm Apt 17 ZOI5t Sa ... SI , 
O ... n Ileaell 1t&111I 
Tbe S&eve ""&er a.nd returnilO San otecol Don' t 
miu iL ItiI row oa \be n_. Be .. oll.r t5z.tMS 
(lilt ) 

SCIENCE OF MIND 
t+o(Wi.,o~,~ C E NT E R ~rlJ 

.... "io ~. 
"'l'ot~::'~ Classes 

Mental I magery - Nov_ 2 
Maste ry of Life - Nov. 5 

Touch for Health - mid Nov. 
Pe r mission to be C reati ve - No v. 19 

Med itation - Nov. 12 
Zen and Auto Maintenance 

The Zen of Backpacking 
For More Info: 454-6105 

OIal-an-Affirmation - 454-5110 ~ov. 2, All Souls Day, is uJt: oay 
o( return for the adult souls. Early 
in the morning of this national 
holiday the Garcias Will partici-
pate in the Catholic Mass offered 
(or the dead in the cemetery 
chapel. Then the family will visit 
the gravesites of relatives, 
cleaning the headstones and 
adorning the grave with flowers. 
candles and other ornaments. 

However. he says he opposes 
any zoning of property. because it 
increases housing costs. Investors 
and builders should make 
construction decisions instead of 
the Qty Council, he says. 

MolTOw believes the way to cut 
the crime rate is to create and 
maintain stable communities. 
because the crime rate is lower in Sunday Celebration 9 & 11 
such commuDities than in 715 Silverado, La Jolla ~ientareas. ~------------------~~~ ______ -= ____ .. 

Afterwards there is a party in 
the home. often with special 
places set for the departed souls at 
the (amily dinner table. 

Throughout the country a 
special bread called 'pan de 
muertos is bak~ (or the occasion 
- some in round loaves with 
crossbones on toP. other loaves in 
the shape of skeletons and coffins. 
rt is eaten only on those two days. 

Be(ore the celebration. the 
markets are filled with candy 
skulls and numerous toys 
featunng the theme of death. 

MolTOw says although he is in 
favor of downtown redevelop-
ment. he is opposed to the way the 
City Council decided to fund the 
project. 

The council should give a tax 
abatement to the downtown area, 
so people who decie to build there 
are not penalized by heavy 
taxation. says Morrow, who 
believes in taxing land itself 
rather than improvements added 
to it 

Schnaubelt says he is against 
any publicly subsidlzcddowntown 
revitalization, because the 
downtown area no longer serves a 
vital purpose as it did in the past. 

He says the City CounciJ can 
encourage stability by creating 
harmony between commercial 
and residential users of land. and 
thus oot allow the "institution of 
ugly commercial developments 
tbat chase people out of 
residential neighborhOOds." 

Schnaubelt says the crime rate 
can be lowered by directing city 
poUce to concentrate on violent 
crimes rather than misdemean-
ors Uke parking tickets. 

He also says there should be 
an emphasis on prevention, 
with a return to the "cop on a 
beat" system and a campaign 
to educate the public on crime 
prevention methods. 

- Ma.rk Stadler 

There are tiny coffins. for ••••••••••••••••••• 
example. each with a string • JI • • 
underneath that can be pulled to ••• mm,., , ••• 
:~. the corpse sit up as the lid •• l=§T~A l () •• 

"To Americans these customs •• : &J()~ . .: fJ;\'~ : •• 
may seem unusual or even •• A\~ ~~ •• 
macabre," says Father Antonio '" ~ -
Valdivia, a Mexican-American • 
priest (rom Oakland. Ca ., " but • Your daytime • 
they reflect the Mexican's • Laac:bs.rw.cl Mlxologln- • 
mo re positive , less gloomy : 11:30 •. m. Warren HIggin. • 
view of death ." • to 1:00 p.m. Bal' opeD 10 •.•• •• 

The priest attributes much o( . ' to I 
this to Mexico's Indian as well as • Try Chef Gene • •••• • 
Christian heritage. The Aztecs , • d.lIy epedal. AIwa,. pl."" • 
believed that death was not the' . Din ..... Served ..... 4' • of the : 
~n~ of life. but one phase of an • 5 p.m. to 10 p... .... Ba .... Er.. • infinite cycle. • . _ 

On AU Souls Day. many Indians • FnhdalPrllDil_ 454-lSlS. 
in rural Mexico spend all night a" • ~k.nd SufocMl. _ 0-. ~ : 
the cemetery. The graves are • C/' c::;;:;> • 
decorated and Utwith~and •••• ••••••• • .............. . food and drink is provided 80 that 

U.s.E. Credit Union 
Plans to Include 
Graduate Students 
as Memben! 
u ...... ,. ....... I. 19791 
SoY .. r Pilot Plan Approved 

The California Department of Corporations has approved 
a request by the University and State Employees Credit Union 
to open membership to students on campus, based on the 
success of a 5-year pllot program. 

During the program's IIrst two years, grad students and 
th'elr spou ... will be eligible for credit union membership 
while enrolled at UCSO. Beginning In 1979, It 18 planned 
th.t a limited number of undergraduate students will be 
eligible for membership. In the program" fifth and IInal year, 
it Is anticipated thatall UCSD students and thelrspouses will be 
eligible to join, Student membership will offer the same high-
earning savlnga and low-cost borrowing plans now offered to 
members. 
WMt "... WUI Meen 

Credit union services are determined by the number of 
members and total assets, To Increase the q Jallty and 
variety of services-such as share drafts (ChftCking accounts), 
the availability of cash, credit cards and others-it Is 
desirable to Increase the membership bast o· the credit 
union. By increasing the number of members. the cost per 
member for these new and expanded service will be able 
to be decreased. 
For. rnoN ... 11ed I~I broctMn. contact U.S.E. 
CredltUnfon 
453-5820 
3100 OliN" Drtve [J[]~~ 
0fIIc:e Hour.: CREDIT UNION 
9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday-Friday 



..... 1. tritOD tilDe8 . lionel." Oclobe, 31,1177 
--~--~~~--~--------------------~------~~--~-------

11Urd College ie .oias ","'t? R ..... for tMir HaIIow •• a apeclal, of COtU'8e • . 
Cat StlWt, fA loIItI 

Medl-pet 
roars onto 
the scene 

(ZNS) - A Bay area organi-
zation, National Pet Care, has 
annonced the lounding of the 
first nationwide pre-paid 
medical plan for dogs and cats. 
President Paul Murray says 
that the new insurance pro-
gram fo r all anim als will cover 
everything from minor illnes-
ses to catastrophic injuries, 
"such as getting run over by a 
car. " 

ivanhoe t,avel 

presents 
Hawaii 

7 nights 
Waikiki 29900 

Roundtrip olr From Son 
Diego. All transFers. 

Club Mad 
Playa Blanca 

Mexico Fram 
301P 

land only 

Tahitian 
Escape 

10 days 
Tah it i 
Moo rea 

72WXJ 
Includ ing air From 

Los Angeles 

Mexico City 
17400 6 day ~ 5 nigr ts 

Charters 
N~w York 1 1'100 

H'~waii 17,. 
London 34,. 
F ,ankfurt3ggoo 
Zurich 44,. 

Phone 
45~0844 

78 15 Ivan hoe Ave. 

EARN OVER $600 A MONTH 
FOR THE REST OF YOUR·· 

. SENIOR YEAR. 
If you are i.nterested in math, physics or engineering, 

the Navy has a program you should know about. 
. It's called the NUPOC-Collegiate Program (NUPOC 

is short for Nuclear Propulsion Officer Candidate), and if 
you qualify it can pay you as much as $611 a month for 
the remainder of your senior year. Then after 16 weeks of 
Officer Candidate School, you will receive an additional 
year of advanced technical education, education that 
would cost thousands in a civilian school, but in the 
Navy we pay you. And at the end of the year of training, 
you'll receive a $3,000 cash bonus. 

It isn't easy. Only one of every six applicants will be 
selected, and there are fewer than 300 openings. But 
those who make it find themselves In one of the most 
elite engineering training programs anywhere. With 
unequalled hands-on responsibility, a $24,000 salary in 
four years, plus travel, medical benefits and education 
opportunities. 

For more details on this program, ask your 
placement officer when a Navy representative will be on 
campus, or call the Officer Program Office listed below; 
or send your resume to Navy Nuclear Officer Program, . 
Code 312, 4015 Wilson Blvd., Arlington, Va. 22203. The 
NUPOC-Collegiate Program. It can do more than help 
you finish college; it can lead to an exciting opportunity. 

OFFICER PROGRAMS OFFICE, NAVY RECRUITING DISTRICT, 7 14·293-6444 

NAVY OFFICER. 
IT'S NOT JUST A JOB, IT'S AN ADVENTURE. 


