
Celebrates 60th Birt~ay Tomorrow 

McElroy: A Long Look Back at the First' Five Years 
by Alan Ruaaell 

New Editor 

He is the Chancellor-make no 
mistake about it. 

Speaking with' a soft Texas 
drawl, smoking his filtered Van-
tage cigarettes, and calmly an-
swering and parrying questions, 
Dr. Wiilliam David McElroy 
seems secure in his leader's role. 

While no plaque proclaiming 
"The Buck Stops Here" adorns his 
desk, there is no doubt that 
McElroy's the boss. In con-

. versation he speaks finnly, but is 
quick to laugh and quip. Talking 
with him one seems to find a 
multitude of personalities-the 
"good 01' boy," the renowned 
biochemist and the administrator, 
just to name a few. 

After almost five years at his 
post, and with his sixtieth birthday 
this Saturday, the Triton Times felt 
it was an appropriate time to in-
terview McElroy and get his 

Chancellor McElroy 
IT Photo: Shannon Aikman feelings on a number of subjects. 

In response to a question of 

New Recreation' Ce·nter. 'Planned to Supply 
Stud'ents with Variety, Skiing to Golf 

by Wesley Wada 
Staff Writer 

Imagine yourself taking a 
practice run down a ski slope. Or 
perhaps enjoying the day by 
playing a little volleyball on a sand 
court. If you tire of volleyball there 
is always the golf course. Envision, 
if you can, having all of these 
facilities and more availabte for 
you to use practically in your own 
backyard. 

That vision may someday 
become a reality if Ted Forbes has 
his way. 

"We wanted to take an ugly area 
and transform it into the most 
beautiful thing you've ever seen," 
exclaimed Forbes. 

The area Forbes-is alluding to is 
the land east of Interstate 5, bet-
ween the Scripps Hospital and the 
Mesa ' Married Students Apart-
ments. The land is designated for 
recreational purposes but so far 
only the bBseball field and a golf 
driving range have been built on it. 

MulU-Sport Ceater 

courts (20), swimming pool (50 
meters), handball/raquetball . 
courts (12), squaSh courts (4), sand 
volleyball courts (8), ski slope 
(artificial surface), bicycle ren-
tals, golf (18 holes), archery range 
and locker and shower facilities. 

"The construction of Phase I 
should start at the beginning of the 
summer ," said Forbes. 

Funding of the project will be 
handled through a series of loans 
from the University. A minimal 
fee, charged for the use of the 
facilities, will be used to maintain 
the center and pay back the loaDS. 

"Everything ~ken in goes right 
back in ' (to the center)," stated 
Forbes. • • 

Continued on Page 8 

whether he feels "prematurely 
aged" by the pressures of the job, 
McElroy was able to laugh. 
Admitting that the workload was 
often "hectic," he said his duties 
were such as to still maintain his 
enthusiasm. 

He looks back proudly on the 
accomplishments of the last five 
years, crediting them to a "team 
effort," and specifically pointing 
out such achievements as Third 
College Unit II, the completion of 
the Student Center, the Mandeville 
Center opening, the "tremendous" 
developments in health science on 
campus and various other new 
buildings as some of the 
"highlights" of his tenure. "But 
naturally there's still a lot more to 
go," he says. 

McElroy's thoughts, constantly 
revolving around that "a lot more 
to go," include both day-to-day 
business and future visions. While 
dreaming about a conference 
center on the North Torrey Pines 
vacant spot, the kind which could 
attract "major meetings," he must 

also see to the functioning ef-
ficiency of the school-often not an 
enviable task. 

"I've Delegated Authority" 
"It 's true that I have to more or 

less keep my nose in all that goes 
on here," he said, "but then I'll be 
the first to admit I don't know all 
the answers. That's why I've 
delegated authority. In order to 
keep informed though, I meet with 
the vice-chancellors every mor-
ning at nine o'clock for generalized 
talks. " 

In assuming his role as the fourth 
chancellor of UCSD, McElroy had 
to, for the most part, give up his 
work in biochemistry. His primary 
study of luminescent systems 
brought him honors in his field, and 
he admits to "missing the fun of 
research." 

"This is not to say I haven't kept 
up with recent developments in the 
field," he said. "In adddition to the 
current periodicals I follow, my 
wife, nlsQ a scientist, and I discuss 

Continued on Page 3 

Death Penalty Gains 
Non-Partisan Support 

by Hugh McIntosh 
Staff Correspondent 

(Sacramento )-A new death penalty bill was introduced to both houses 
of the CaWornia Legislature, Wednesday. 

The authors of the bill, Senator George Deukmejian (R-LA) and 
Assemblyman Alister McAlister, (D-Santa Clara ), joined state Attorney 
General Evelle YOWlger and representatives of several state law en-
forcement associations to announce their non-partisan support for the 
bill . . 

"Democrats and Republicans feel the same way about rape, robbery 
and murder," Younger said. Californians of both parties want a death 
penalty right now, he said. 

Supreme Court Guidelines 
The bill conforms to guidelines on death penalty measures set up by 

both the US Supreme Court, and the California Supreme Court, Deuk-
mejian said. It mandates the death penalty for specified crimes and 
requires a hearing on special circumstances connected with the crime. 

To insure "swift and certain justice," the bill has provisions to expedite 
trials and appeals. Postponements and continuances would be granted 
only for "compelling reasons." Guilty verdicts by a unanimous jury 
would be sent immediately to the state Supreme Court, which would have 
150 days to act on an appeal, he said. 

Gov. Brown, in his State of the State Message earlier this month, said 
he would veto any death penalty legislation that comes before him. If the 
bill with its urgency clause passes by the required two-thirds vote in both 
houses, Brown will presumably veto it. Then another two-thirds vote in 
both houses would be needed to override the veto. 

Should the bill not pass as an urgency measure, Deukmejian said it will 
be introduced as an ordinary bill requiring only majority approval. 

If all attempts through the Legislature are unseccussful, the sponsors 
of the bill will take it directly to the people through an initative, Deuk-
mejian said. Since 67 percent of the voters in this state agreed in 1972 that 
the death penalty is not "cruel and unusual punishment" in California, 
Deukmekian said they would support a death penalty initiative. 

Ted Forbes, Supervisor of 
Physical Education and Project 
Director of this revolutionary 
recreation center, dreamed up the 
idea along with Marge Jabet, 
Administrative Assistant in the 
Academic AHairs Office. 

According to a handout con-
cerning tbe new recreation center, 
"the Regents of the University of 
California have approved plans for 
a Recreational Activity Center." 
The construction of the center is 
divided into phases. When all of the 
phases have been completed, the 
center should include: Tennis 

Audio Visual Defends .Itself 
Against Student Criticism 

Lunar Landing Rocks Campus 

by Ven M.L Todorov 
Co.qJmaaJty EdHoI' . 

"We don't enjoy doing a sloppy job," said Audio Visual Department 
(A V) manager William Vlymen in reference to a conflict between AV and 
the Campus Program Board (CPB). The conflict centers upon the con-
dition of USB 2722 and errors made by AV'during Friday and Saturday 
night movie showings. . , 

Vlymen said screening films under the conditions CPB has created has 
"made my operators not want to work." He said "they (CPB) bring films 
in late, at the last minute ... they (the films) ate rewound backwards, have 
several breaks. don't have cue marks for the pI'Ojectionist, and don't 
indicate if the fllm is cinemaacope which would require a special lens. " 

Vlymen added that it is none of his business what CPB does with the 
fi lm before his deparbnent gets it, as long as his people are able to do 
their job well. ' 

When wm Repaln Be Made? 
Another source of criticism baa been the condition rl USB 2722, the torn 

projection screen being of special concern. 1:he superintendent of the 
PhYSical Plant, Robert Waddell, promised that work would be done on 
USB 2722 over ChriItmu vacation if the needed materials were here. 

Vlymen commented that to date, none rl the repaira have been made. 
He said, "11CIIIleCIM from IICIIDeWhere caUed to find out the price of a new 
screen 10 I 18ft Idm all the figures, but I haven't the faintest idea when 
the repain wtU be made ..• .I~e been puJbina for the repain for over a 
year, maybe two ,.n." Vlymen added, "I have no control over the 
Condition of USB 2'122, the Re(llltrars OffIce controlalta use. Wadelel said 
that the work on USB 27211hould proceed durlnl the UPCOmin8 summer. 

As a relult of the proJect1an problema in USB 2721, chanllnl the 
1 tion rl some of their Friday and all of their Saturday niIht movies. 

elLl_ ...... 

Professor Brings the Moon to UCSD 
by Joel C. Don 

Associate News Editor 
'A U~D chemistry lab con-

notes a vivid picture of shelves 
of scientific journals, contorted 
arrangements of experimental 
apparatus and the pungent odor 
of burning sulphur. 

There is a claustrophobic 
feeling that a freak accident 
will topple the orderly 
arrangement of glassware and 
chemicals. 

And in one particular 
chemistry lab, a framed 
miniature American flag stands 

, out amid the scientific 
paraphernalia. An impressive 
caption explains its presence: 
"This Flag Was Carried To The 
Moon By The erew Of Apollo 
IS." 

It's the lab of chemistry 
professor James R. Arnold and 
as you may have already 
guesaed, he works with Moon 
rocks. 

Arnold is one aInOna four 
U~D scientiata workinl with 
the rock and IOil samples 
bro .. ht back from the Moon by 

the Apollo space missions. He is 
also a member of the Lunar 
Sample Analysis Planning 
Team, a group which devised 
priorities and distributed the 
lunar samples. ~ 

Moon Records 
Arnold's research centers 

around the study of the per-
manent ·record of information 
that the Moon holds due to the 
virtual lack of activity on the 
surface for the last five to ten 
million years. 

"Our group measures time 
scales," Arnold explained. "We 
have found that if you have a 
crater as big as your two han<b-
formed by impact, it will 
remain there at least a half-
million years." 'llIe footprints 
rl the astronauts could last for 
millions of years, he added. 

The Moon's cratered surface 
is a record of the past 
meteoritic bombardments and 
modern geochemists had 
speculated that the Moon could 
also be a record of hi&h energy 
particles that have been 

CeaUnued OD Pa •• 



FrIday, .laMarJll, un 

Pro: Rape Encouraged by a Violent Society 
Pro/Con: Is Rape - Politicall 

A successful Rape Awareness Week coDcludes today. The UCSD Rape 
'Task Force snggested tbis week's Pro/CoD questioD: Is Rape a poUticai 
act? That Is, Is rape 8 statemeDt about how mea feel about womeD In our 
society? 

Rape 8 PoUtical Act: Pro or Coa? 

Rape is a central issue for the 
Women's Movement. As such, the 
issue of rape is clearly political. 

Rape. is Dot a crime of property, 
although most capitalists treat it 
that way. Rape is wrong not 
because it "ruins" the male 
"possession," but because it is a 
violent, demoralizint attack by 
men on women, or frequently in 
prisons, by men on men. In 

Con: Rape-an Emotion~1 ~ssue :::::.' b~O::~=lo{~n':o; 
Rape is not a political act, or even necessarily an act of male pression of man. 

dominance. Rape is sick, and it takes a very sick person to violate In the society outside, rape is a 
someone else's body. I mean real rape, physic8Uy forced, the kind that too-frequent tool In the oppression 
can provide the rapist with thrills only through his own fantasies. of women. ItJJ Susan Brownmiller 

There is a type of pseudo-rape. This other type is just a mixture of one points out in Against Our Wm, 
(or botJo:) leading the other on and things going. too far. This is not real males who rape, are not venting 
rape, it is too mutual, even if only in the beginning. Rape is not mutual. sexual desire. The physical 
The only thing that the victim gets out of it is degradation. That's why violence connected with most 
there must be a stop put to it. Jt is disgusting and vile and has no place in rapes does far greater damage 
any society. than simply. a "sexual" assault. 

I was a victim o,f rape five years ago (aged 15) and I stiU feel skk at the These statements have been 
thought of that night. Believe · me, there were no thoughts of male confirmed by decades of studies on 
dominance, or politics running through his head. He was like an animal, rape: The rapist is seen to have a 
he wasn't thinking, just obeying his animal instincts. I never reported it "no~" personality, but an 
to the police, or even told my parents because I felt so ashamed. Now I abnormal tendency · to be 
feel outraged at the rising tide of rapes on this ca'mpus. I made a mistake aggressive and violent. 
by not telling, but if it happened now, I would report it in the hopes that Rape, then; is not a sexual act 
it might not happen to anyone else. If anyone knows ~ ___ -_____________ --, 
and can supply the police with any information 
regarding rape, please do so. Don't let my mistake be 
yours, you may be able to prevent a sick person from 
attacking someone else, and maybe even from 
committing a crime more serious than rape -
murder. 

Name Withheld by 
Request 

Pro: American Males 
. React to Oppression 

As a man, I feel obliged to speak about rape. I 
constantly hear about this women's group or that 
women's organization being concerned with rape, 
which is good. However, while the act of rape is per se 
the oppression of women, one cause of that act is the 
oppression of men. 

The oppression of men which causes rape is, in 
part, a consequence. of the nature of corporate 
America, which has great power over our behavior 
and our political system. This hypothesis sounds 
rather specious until we look at the nature of the 
relationship between women and men in this society. ' 

• 

Men and women are attracted to one another for many reasons. These 
include companionship, sex, procreation, and especially love, which are 
all perfectly natural, a necessary part of everyoae's existence, in fact. 
Essentially, every woman and man is capable of possessing the inner 
qualities needed to achieve these, and thus begin a love relationship. Only 
such spiritual qualities should be prerequisite for a healthy male-female 
relationship. 

American society, however, adds more prerequisites to this 
relationship which puts it out of reach of many men. (I can't speak for 

w~men here. ) 
Women in America - except for a minute handful of liberated women-

are carefully nutured by the corporate state to think that the most 
desirable men drive Porschll/l, wear J .. Magnin's clothes, practice law, 
and have a fat wallet. From her mother, the television set, and the 84 
issues of Seventeen magazine that the average female adolescent reads, 
the American women becomes well tuned to these concepts. 
I say nurtured by the corporate state because tne raison d'etre behind 

the creation of t e aforementioned attitude in women is a capitalist 
maximization of p of its. Corporations are intent on making the most 
money. One of t'Je;fr means to this end involves manipulating women, 

[Continued on Page 3] 
• 

Next Pro/Con: Death Penalty? 
Ten years had ssed since the last execution in tbe United States 

until Gary Gilm re was put to death this week fulfilling his death 
sentence. This . sparked the renewed debate concerning the death 
penalty as a viable alternative form of punishment. 

All the old qu ~iions are back: Is the death penaltJl constitutional? Is 
it moral? Does gOvernment have the right to take a man's life? Is the 
death penalty I deterrent to crime? 

This week's topic is, therefore 
TbeDadiaPeDaJty: Pro or COD? 
The Pre/Ca cobunn is written by the uam community. E~ch week 

a topic will be submitted for your consideration. We ask that you 
submit your responses In writing by next Friday at 3 pm. Represen-
tative samples of your opinions will be published the following week. 

Submlsslons should be typed and double-spaced. on a 74-space line. 
They should not exceed 1 ~ pages In length. 

Con:One Man 
Vs. Fem.inist 
Emasculation 

The idea that rape is political is, 
at best, laughable. The concept 
should be nominated for the most 
absurd joke of the year award. A 
strong case can be forwa~d that 
the treatment of the victims and 
perpetrators is political, but the 
act itself remains psychological. 

Rape is the act of an individual 
against women, not of society 
against women. In most cases the 
individual believes he is striking 
out against an individual woman, 
often his mother, who has, in some 
way, injured him. Extrapolating 
from this step to the statement that 
rape is a prior repression of women 
by a sexist male society is inane. 

Of a much more political nature 
is the use of psychological 
castration against men by women. 
The female ego is so paranoid and 
fragile that women find solace by 
working together in groups such as 
NOW with the sole purpose of 
emasculating male society. 

Of an equally political nature is 
the treatment of those involved in 
rape. The victim is usually treated 
as the aggressc)r, particularly if 
she is admittedly a non-virgin. The 
victim Is often the one ,on trial, not 

CoadDued 011 P.Ce I 

per se; it is more an act of 
violence, violence of men against 
women. And contrary to an ac-
cepted myth, women do not,"ask" 
for rape. The rapist's hostility is 
directed against any woman - two-
thirds of rapists choose 'their 
victims anonymously. 

In demythologizing rape, we see 
that it. is more than an individual 
act; it is a social act. There is 
evidence that the incidence of rape 
is affected by social situations and 
pressures. American soldiers in 
Vietnam raped more frequently 
than Vietnamese freedom fighters. 
The reason was that rape was 
condoned by one side, but not the 
other. It is a product of the climate 
of violence bred by this society: 
from the .napalming of Viet-
namese, to the sensationalist 
brutality depicted in movies, on 
television, in advertisements, and 
in newspapers. ~ vlctimiz8tion , 
of women, that they ·"secretly" 
want to be raped, is similar to the 
Southern slave-owner's .convenient 
belief that blacks were "lazy" and 
"didn't mind" being slaves. 

A feminist organJzation called 
WomeR Againlt Violence Against 
Women has called for a national 
boycott of certain record labels 
that use violence against women in 
tbeir ads to sell records. NOW has 
endorsed this boycott of Warner 
Brothers, Elektra, and Atlantic 
records, tapes and other products 
(e.g. T~shirt promotions of 
albums). . 

The Women's Center par-
ticipated in such action and par-
ticipated in a picket-line outside of 
Tower Recorda last month. The 
Feminist Coalition urges students 
to bring the albums and ad-
vertising to the attention m record 
store managers, and demand that 
the materials be returned to the 
company. WEA; Inc. put up the 
Rolling Stones billboard for "Black 
and Blue," which depICted a 
bound, beaten and smiling woman 
saying, "I'm black and blue from 
the Rolling Stones andI love it." 

There is a reallt):to rape beyond 
that presented by this society's 
warped media. 

-The FemUdst CoaUtiOD 

Pro: Capitalism is to Blame 
Rape is a crime against women. It is not an iJoIated, iDdividualact, nor 

is rape an aberration, a deviation from the norma of aemailDCl.-c1ll 
behavior in this country. Like murder, wife beating, and ebDd abale, 
rape is spawned by a system where violence and exploitation are the 
norms. . 

·The ,Young Socialist Alliance·views rape fundaJDentally as a violent 
attack stemming from the repression of sexuality under capitalism and 
the oppression and degradation of women. Rape is one of the most 
outrageous abuses women suffer. 

Rape, wife beating, and ~hlld abuse are crimes clearly linked to the 
oppression of women and the role of the family. It is pointless to attempt 
to weigh anyone crime against another. 

As socialists, the VSA opposes all these crimes, regardless of whether 
the crimes are committed by blacks, whites, workers, men, or women. 
We are an organization whose ultimate goal is to overturn this rotten 
system and organize a society on a socialist basis, devoid of the warped 
human relationships that exist in the present society. 

An important question is what role the issue of rape plays in the overall 
struggle for women's liberation; what feminists can do to fight rape; and 
how we can prevent backward elements in society from using tile issue of 
rape to derail the struggle. 

The ruling class often sees an opening in the issue of rape for attacks on 
Jrd World males, especially blacks. In 1973, after several on campus 
rapes, feminists at the University of PeMsylyania in Philadelphia began 
actions to halt rape. They demanded that the university provide "more 
security". The Philadelphia cops obligingly invaded the dorms and 
arrested one hundred black male students on suspicion of rape. The fact 
that most white females are raped by white males was ignored by the 
cops. Clearly, in this instance the issue m rape was \lied as an ezcuae for 
ruling class oppression. 

The YO\llli Socialist Alliance beUeves that the forging of 81DM1, 1D-
dependent feminist movement under capitalism is critical to a IOCIIll8t 
revolution and to the eventual freeing of women. Actions fOCUled clearly 
against the iDstUUtioDS that perpetuate sexism can raise, the c0n-
sciousness of masses of women about the kind of struggle needed to 
thoroughly eradicate their oppression. 

The VSA endorses Rape Awareness week. TheUCSO Rape Task Force 
has combined efforts with Tbe New IDdic:ftor and have produced an 
excellent issue on the subject of rape. Through education, feminists can 
destroy the sick fantasies and myths of rape. Only when we begin to 
understand rape can we fight it, and we must fight rape. ' 
. Y qung SociaUstAlUauce 

]1.1" '" ~e:. 
. "'3o,;V\St r"'p<: .' · if 
blo<.>i~ i+ doe5~+ 
~ L A ~ 0"((' )1X->r 

q 5so. ; Ic...,t I roo 
-r"' ro(...) \+ (At t,; WI 

Friday, .... .ary 11, lin 

McElroy· Looks -Back .. '. 
[CoDdDaedfroml) 

current happenings. " Still, he 
looks forward to the day when he'll 
"return to the laboratory," but in 
the meantime finds it "fun to be 
trying to develop a great In-
stitution." . 

"The great institution," which 
McElroy sincerely believes UCso 
has a chance of becoming, Is 
something he Is trying to build 
further working ·plans toward. 
"We've already got a high quality 
faculty," he said, "and our 
students, of which over 25 percent 

are working on 1998 and thus have 
access to modem tools of research, 
are also of a high caliber. " 

In responding to why the average 
person back east doesn't know-of 
UCSD, or at least dOesn't think of 
the .school as, lM!ing in the same 
class as a Harvard per se, McElroy 
said, " The building of our 
reputation will come with time." 
However, he was quick to add, 
"Academic people know of WI, 
especially at Harvard: . We've 

Emasculation ... ' 
[ContiDued from Z) 
tbe alleged rapist. The treatment, 
of rapists is also political, as 
.evidence by audience reaction to 
the endin8 of "Upstick." With 
feminist groups screaming for 
blood, too few juries are willlng to 
treat the rapist as the mentally 
sick penon he really ·Is. They feel 
obliged, if they find him guilty, to 
extract revenge. 

It Is groups that raise a question 

Oppression ... 
[COIItbtued rr.n Z) 

swiped some of their IJtist people to 
make them never forget." 

"Hen, We're YOUIIg! " 
McElroy sees this factor of time 

as an ilnportant and natural 
devel9Pment of UCSD's ~uture, 
speaking wi~ a kind of "Hell, 
we're YOlDlg" attitude. He sees the 
day when UCSD will have a strong 
alumni boosting school activities, 
and thinks that such things as 
uam traditions will develop 
naturally, allowing for a "well-
known heritage." . 

Essentially, McEiroy sees· a 
large part of his job as being 
"political." "It's really not that 
difficult being a politician," he 
said, adding "you've just got to 
learn to get along with people." 
Presently, he has to get "along 
with" a diverse selection of groups 
and individuals, but he received a 
lot of on the job "pressure 
training" from his three year 
directorship of the National 
Science Foundation, his ap-
pointment coming through ex-
President Nixon. 

Currently, much of his time is 

such as this, in an attempt to make 
a political act where there Is none 
that aggravate the situaUon. Until 
they quito clamoring for polltical 
justice, where none is required, 
society will never get around to 
treating rape in ita proper manner. 
If that continues, the sta~cs will 
show rape to be on the increase. 

.DaJeI Lee SblWler 

mostly through the media, In a way that caUleS them to send men on an 
endless sboppng spree. After all, women are the best pouible tool the 
corporaUOII8 have fOC' controlling male CCIDIUIDer behaviOC'. 

Many men cannot afford to partake In the spree, however. The 
resulting frustraUon gives rise to misogynjat tendencle., U the man leU 
women shafting bUn with unattainable l{oaJa. MOlt in thia lituation 
probably internalize the problem, blaming themselves for nonaJatem 
financial inadequaciea. resulting in deleteriOlll aelf-de!P'8datlon. Others, 
however, retaliate a .. 1nat society and women in particular in the fonn of 
various anU-eocial acts, rape being one of the mOlt atreme. One can 
rationalile not havqlOmetbinI by hating iL 

How many wealthy,men have ever COmmitted rape? II rape a problem 
in the IOciaUat countrieB? 

At any ra~, we see rape stema parUIIlly from wtneceaaary antagonilm 
of men towardl women, c:auaed primartly by corporate America'. control 
over our behaYior. AI poUtical action II the mUon to tIU callie of rape, 
rape Itself, for now, iI a polltlcalact. . 

-BIll Friedmu 

• rlWII_IIIMOS. 

spent serving as the Cl)ainnan of 
the Board of Directors for the 
American Association for the 
Advancement of Science, · as well 
as being a member of over jI~.ozen 
other professional and civic 
groups. 

Through all of these 
organizations, McElroy says he is 
able "to spread the word of U~ 
SO." rhis is important, he notes, 
because "only 23 percent of U~ 
SO's total budget comes from the 
state." This fact is one of the 
driving forces behind UCSO's 
cultivation of governmental. 
business and community ties. 

General OpiDloDl 
McElroy's opinions dealing with 

a number of campus concerns 
were gathered from . the overall 
interview. 

. 'IT: How do you view today's 
students as opposed to those of five 
years ago? 
~cElroy: It seems tome that there 
has bee~ a calming down since the 
Vietnam war ended. Students 
appear to be less challenging, but 
then 90 percent of the students five 
years ago were on the whole just 
like those today. We also seem to 
have resolved student problem's 
that plagued Third College. 
'IT: What do you think of the 
current college government? . 
McElroy: I think what has hap-
pened with it is predictable. The 
Coop doesn't have any built-in 
stability, resulting in chaos. I've 
been to New England town hall 
meetings before, the kind they're 
supposedly modeling themselves 
after, Hut even in those 
organizations they have elected 
officers. In principle, the Coop is a 
good idea" quite idealistic, but I 
don't think it has worked. 
'IT: What kind of government 
would you prefer? 
McElroy: I'd like representatives 
from the four colleges, and from 
that group, an elected chaitman. 
This kind of government would be 
responsive to both the colleges and 
students. 
Tl': It seems that student 
registration - fee"S will keep 
ballooning. Is there an end in 
sight? 
McElroy: l don't see the state ever 
moving away from tuition, which is 
essentially what educational and 
registration fees are. They will 
continue going up, if · only for in-
flation. It's still a bargain, though. 
With student aid we can meet 
every student's needs. 
'IT: Ra'pe Awareness Week is 
attempting to point out the poor 
lighting on campus, among other 

things. Do you agree that there is 
inadequate lighting on campus? 
McElroy: Yes. I'm aware of quite 
a few places in which ina\.lequate 
lighting exists. Hopefully we'll get 
some money out of the minor state 
capitol funding which will enable 
us to alleviate the problem, 

DNA Overreaction 
'IT: What do you · think of the 
current recombinant DNA con-
troversy? 
McElroy: I feel there 's been to 
much overreaction. Many of the so-
called dangers are hypothetical. 
We don't know whether it's 
dangerous. Many of the people who 
have been making an uproar don't 
really even know what's going on. 
We have a bio-bazards committee 
where the meetings are open, with 
which they should educate 
themselves . Additionally, we 
would not to P 4 experiments, the 
high risk type, those with virWi 
producing cancer, 

Page 3 

vestigate other things,learn how to 
use places such as the library. 
Today, lots of stud ~nts worry about 
jobs. I can only emphasize that 
things will come. Every four to five 
years, 70 percent of the United 
States population changes jobs 
anyway. One shouldn't get 
discouraged it don 't im· 

'IT: There's been some con-
troversy with the government 
demanding $250,000 back from the . ' 
university from what they call JIIt:llUClI.eIY break in the line of work 
questionable use of grants. Has In the long run you'll 
this issue been resolved? probably have the chance to do 
McElroy: No, we're still what you want. 
negotiating with the government. How long McElroy will continue 
They want the money back, but with his job even he doesn't know, 
we're trying to work things out. "though you can be sure I'll retire 
'IT: _Has the day care problem before that time (the mandatory 
been solved? . retirement age of 67 for Chan-
McElroy: Not really. It's going to cellors)." The self-tenned optimist 
continue as a problem. I thirik looks forward to the day when he 
we've got to have some kind of can have time once more for tennis 
center, if only a baby-sitting type, and golf, admitting that "five 
but funding remains a problem. years on this job is almost enough 
'IT: What do you have on your now-enough at least to make me 
agenda now as things to be done for seriously consider retiring." He 
the university? . feeis the "right time" might be at 
Mc.Elroy: Well, we need more high the completion of Third College 
rise buildings to finish the medical Unit n. before " I get too old and 
complex. Then there are those crotchety." Besides going back to 
issues we've been trying to rectify- research, he will "undoubtedly be 
-research matters, moving the consulting in a number of 
political science department up to capacities." 
the strength it needs, things of that As for the future? "I look for-
sort. ward to it," says McElroy. 
'IT: What's going on with the new Happy Birthday, Mac. 
athletics proposal, in particular 
the golf course? 

McElroy ~ We received the money 
for the teMis courts. All other 
matters are under study. The golf 
course has not really been 
riiscussed in detail. 

Message to Students 
'IT: If you could state one thing to 
the students, what would it be? 
McElroy: I think it's essential that 
they learn how to use facts and 
draw their own conclusions. This 
will enable them to educate 
themselves for the rest of their 
lives. Only so much can be learned 
in a classroom. You have to in-

I rilOil I 111M'S 

O .. td Ellen , Executive Edllcr 

Gary Ghirarlll • Advertising Mln-ver 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 
DICK RAKOW 281-4586 

The Triton Times Is publ ished by UCSD students as an official student newspaper. 
Publication Is on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays during the regutar schOol year 
(e'l.cept on official hotidays) . Editorial and business off ices are tocated in the Student 
Cenler al Ihe Universi ty of callfor~la , San. Diego. For editorial , call <152,3466; for business 
and display advertising, call <152,3468. 

Letters to the editor and opinion cotumns are welcorned. All submissions must be typed 
anddoubl&ospaced on a 74-space line. They should nolexceed ", 12 pages In length. 

Submitted material must bear Lhe name and student identification number 01 the author. 
N_eo can be withheld from publication on request ; however Ihe names will be held on file 
for pubtic inspection. 

The Trilon Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of space limitations o. 
style requirements. 

Entire contenls Copyright 1 977 the Triton Time • . · 

983 Indl. 
327 FStreet 

PAYS DONORS 
for Service 

Alpha Omega Alliance 
presents 

FUTU RE SHOCK 
Explores our pre-packaged 

society 
& 

FRESH COLORS 
- a COntrast 

Friday, Jan . 21 
USB 2622,8 p.m. 
25 cent donation 

Darkroom 
Supplies 

Quality Equipment 

Hoh J)a \ i ... ( a llu'ra Shop 
. ,. It: ' 

BonlCELLI'S 
BEST 

HAIRCUnlNG 

\ 

TEAM 
NOW 

OPEN MON. 
TOO 
'-4 

5625 La ]olla Blvd. 
La ]ou., CA. 921137 

Phone : (711) 459-1218 
Redktn Retal 

Ctmr 



Jl'rlday, Jaa_ry 11,1177 

Bugliosi to 
Appear at 
Mandeville 

Vincent Bugliosi, belt known for 
the book "Helter Skelter" 
chroniclin, his succeuful 

Sunday and Monday th!! San Diego Sports Arena will play hOst to prosecu~ion of the "Manson 
tile ·Funk Earth Tour, · 1976-77 A.D." The extravaganza, with Family," will speak at 8 pm 
pl'Olldlon costa of more than $275,000, stars ParliamentlFunkadelic, Wednesday in the MandevUle 
supported by Bootsy's Rubber Band and Hugh Masekela. The unique Auditorium. 
sbooIr wasdeaigned by JuleaFisber, who has done the same chore for such The so-called ''Tate-LaBlanca'' 
other major acts as the Rolling Stones, Elton John and Kiss. murders constituted one of the 

But the main. man with the "P-Funk Earth Tour" is 3S-year~ld George most horrifying and baffling cases 
Clinton, otherwise known as "Dr. Funkenstein," the self-described of the century. The story appeared 
"afroaaut" of his funk opera. The three-act funk opera chronicles Dr. _ to end with the conviction of 
FuDkenstein's landing of the Mothership and subsequent attempt to save Charles Manson and his. co-

t~ world from "funklessness." No easy, task, that's for sure. conspirators ..: three young women 
"I give people what they want," and a youth known .as an "AU-

Clinton has remarked. "When American Boy." Their guUt was 
people expect craziness, I give proved . but the guts of the story 
them crazinellS. A lot of people talk remained untold. 
to me and really want me to be With some members of the 
weird. So I try to come across as Manson family in the news again, . 

. weird for them." Bugliosi's research into and 
Fortunately for mySelf when I reflections on the actors in the 

talked with Clinton earli~r in the drama are especially riveting. The 
week he elicited few, if any, Mans?n case is the . most 
genuinely crazy tendencies. But he vol~ously documented ml: ~der 
still gave the impression of being case m legal ann~ .. It was the 
one of the more colorful figures on ' l~gest murder trial m American 
the music scene today. And he does history. The jury was sequestered 
know his funk. . longer than any jury before or 

"Icanrememberwhenfunkwas since. The case was an in-
a bad word," remarked Clinton. "I ternational press , radio and 
can remember not being able to television spectacular for more 
mention it in the house. But we than a year. 
knew funk was in our future. " Bugliosi, now in private practice, . 

Clinton is often quoted as calling comedian Richard Pryor the 'father' has recently been turning his at-
. of funk. He credits Pryor with breaking down many of the barriers, lention to a re-investigation of the 
allowing for his band to become popular. death of Robert F .. Kennedy. 

We talked about the elaborate staging for his funk opera, and the ex- He received his undergraduate 
pense. " I feel that black artists have been deprived in this area," Clinton degree at the Univer:sity of Miami 
stated. "But we have to play to about 6,000 people a night or 24,000 people (which he attended on· a tennis 
a week to break even. If we can break e\'en, we're satisfied." Does all of scholarship) and his law degree 
the elaborate staging and effects detract from the music itself? " Not from UCLA where he was 
really. Our music is too powerful. " presi~nt Qf his class . At the time 

One of the more interesting aspects of the tour is that this band is ac- of the Manson case he' was deputy 
tually two bands in one. Parliament and Funkadelic are with different district attorney, Los Angeles, and 
companies and have different musical styles, yet are comprised of the a professor of criminal law at the 
same musicians. Clinton very casually explained to me that this Beverly School of Law in Los 
arrangement allowed for " twice the play, twice the money, twice the Angeles. During his career as 
fame." . deputy district attorney he suc-

But with all that's been written and said about Clinton and the cessfully prosecuted 105 out of 106 
ParliamentlFunkadelic tour, he was able to sum up the attraction of the felony jury trials. 
band and the show. " It's not too often you can see a spaceship land." That Tickets are $3 for general ad-
says it all. . mission and $2 for all students. 

Glamorous Pianist to Play with Symphony 
The internationally acclaimed 

young American pianist, Carol 
Rosenberger, will be guest artist 
with the San Diego Symphony for 
two concerts at the Civic Theatre, 
Feb. 10-11. 

Rosenberger,· one of the most 
distinguished artists in the musical 
firmament , has won glowing 
praise from critics in most of the 
capitals of Europe as well as 

throughout the u.s. She has 
performed·with many of the major 
symphony orchestras both here 
and abroad. 

In her second appearance in San 
Diego, she will be heard in Ravel's 
G Major Piano Concerto at both 
performances. 

The blonde Rosenberger, as 
glamorous as she is gifted, will 
follow her engagement here with a 

Master of Arts in 
Teaching Program 

at NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY 
LIBERAL ARTS SENIORS. 

. THINKING ABOUT A CAREER? 
Consiqer the Master of Arts in' .' 
Teachlng Program at Northwestern 
Uni.versity and a career in teaching_ 

• 15 month master's degree program June '77-
Aug;JsI 7~ 

• Adva n ed study in gour field 
• Sumrnllr student teaching experience 
• SAL.\~IED INTERNSHIP ($4 ,500 to $6,500) in 

nearb school for fuJI school year 
• Com,,1 te a five quarter program for a 

threll quarter tuition fee 
• Last year , 84 percent of our graduates seeking I . 

teaching positions found employment as teachers. 
Sign up 8t the Gareer Planning and Placement Office for an appointment with 
Joan Ellsberg. Director of Teacher Education Programs at Northwestern 
University. who wilt be on campus Tuesday. January 25 from 2:30 PM . until 
4:30 P M. 

Complele a I.ve Quarter program lor a three quarter lultlon fce 

cOncert in Manila Feb. 22, a tour of 
Japan and Korea, appearances in 
Mexico and South America and an 
April 6 performance at Carnegie 
Hall in New York, when she will be 
guest artist with the American 
Symphony. 

Charles Ketcham will conduct 
the San Diego Symphony for her 
appearances here: . 

by Janet Nicoloff-Dyer 

The story line is old, as old as 
cinematography itself - falling star 
meets rising star, but nothing is archaic 
or cliche in this 3rd remake of A Star Is 
Born, a First Artists n:),ease. 

Kris Kristofferson and Barbra 
Streisand manage to come off not only 
credible, but fascinating, to watch as 
the film's paramours. streisand, for the 
first time, has melded to hermedia'and 
not become the proverbial guiding 
light, allowing Kristofferson 's con-
centrated performance to flow, without 

, becoming swallowed or bloated, as has 
been the problem with so many of her 
male c~starB in past films . . 

Kristolferson plays a hard rock 
superstar who is all but played out. 
Streisand is a young performer who is 
playing bistros and making cat food 
commerc.ials to survive. They meet, 
fall in love, marry - their trends con-
tinue, she with a fast crescendo up-
ward, due partially to her talent and 

primarily to the interest in her 
by the superstar himself; he in 
rall downwards with no amlOltlll 
energy to stop the fall, finalizing 
suicide. 

What is amazing about this 
that It manages to · portray the 
fast-buck industry of rock 
without being vulgar. The 
changers, the groupies, the 
apparent, noticed, 
finally und~ored; notl1ing 
at. you. The film is subtle in 
- the rOCk concerts are"filmed in 
verite, . giving a truly 
proportion . to thoae segments, 
turing the fantasia of lights 
feeling of spectacle rock 
recognize. Then, without notice, 

Vince 

switched back to standard for the 
scenes off stage. Technically the film is 
almost matchless in contemporary· 
musicals . 

There are bits of the bromide, with 
Rita Coolidge, Kristofferson's real 
wife, presenting the Grammy to 
Streisand; Streisand's almost 
unrelenting "Total Woman" approach 
to her marriage, and often the cuddling 
seems endless. But the flIm remains 
intact - complete with a decent, con-
temporary souildtrack, performances 
that demand attention, an.d a script that 
could have been maudlin and 
melodramatic but remains if not 
re levant, poignant. 

Last ~pects go to Gary Busey, a 
young and already ever-present 
character a.ctor and Paul Muzursky 
the director of Alex in Wonderland, wh~ 
play, respectively Krlstofferson's 
personal manager and promoter. Their 
pe rformances add nothing but realism 
and merit to this film of already 
manifold expressions. 

ugliosi 

av ..... til $hIdl" 
Center ... Ifflce 

452·4559 

Friday, Jaouary n, 1m Page S 

Ririe - Woodbury Kansas Brings "Potpourri" 
Humor Dance Combine Of Musical Styles to Arena 

I . . 

The Ririe-Woodbury Dance 
Company, which stresses 
theatrical ~staging, mixed media 
and humor in ita performances, 
will appear tonight in the Man-

Kansas, one of-Amerlca 's fastest 
the United States, Canada and rising rock bands, will be per-
Portugal. She was acting head in forming tonight at the San Diego 
the absence of Alwin Nikolais of Sports Arena. 
the Dance Divisioo, Henry Street _ 

Lef&overture is highlighted by 
Robby Steinhardt's soaring vocals 
which bear a resemblance to thos~ 
of Boston's Brad Delp. This is not 

deville Aooitorit:.m. ' 
The Ririe-Woodbury troupe was 

bom in 1957 when five "chorea-
dancers" at the University of Utah 
combined their talents to perform 
and create dances. The company 
disbanded briefly between 1966 and 
1969 to form the Repertory Dance 
Theater under a grant from the 
Rockefeller Foundation. In 1969, 
the first full-length mixed-media 

performaD(~~ was presented by the 
newly rejoined Ririe-Woodbury 
group. Since that time the troupe's 
schedule has taken it to almost all 
50 states and its tours have been 
supported by two National 
Endowment for the Arts programs. 

Co-dIrector Joan Woodbury\s 
style has been described as a 
"combination of warmth, humor 
and daring abandon in space." She 
has taugtt and danced throughout 

P1ayholLW and choreographed the 
Santa Fe Opera's American 
premiere of "Help, Help the 
Globollnks," written and directed 
by Gian Carlo Menotti. 

Shirley Ririe is a national leader 
in the field of children's dance. She 
was among the first master 
teachers chosen by the National 
Endowment for the Arts pilot 
project IMPACI'. She is a prolific 
choreographer and has completed 
more than 60 works, among them 
"PrIsms" and "Lochinvar." She is 
an author and a member of the 
National Advisory Committee for 
Young Audiences. Ririe and 
Woodbury are both professors of 
dance at the University of Utah. 

Tickets for the Ririe-Woodbury 
Dance Company perfonnance are 
$4 .50 for general admission and 
$2.50 for all students. 

Master G.u~tarist Parkering 
To Perform at Spreckels 

Guitarist Christopher Parkening will perform a recital proiam in the 
Spreckels Theatre, Broadway & Second in downtown San Diego, on 
Sunday evening . The performance, which will begin at 8 pm, is a part of 
the Sinfonia Festival Series. " 

The first half of the program will include Prelude-Allegro by 
Santiago de Murcia, Three Dances by de Visee, Passacaglia Pre\udio by 
Weiss, Les Barricades Mysterieuses by Couperin, Preambul~Allegro 
vivo by Scarlatti, and Allegro by Sor. 

The second half will include the Capricho Arabe by Tarrega, Two 
Preludes and the Gavotta-Choro by Villa-Lobos, Scherzino by Tansman 
Fandanguillo by Torroba, and Rumores de la Caleta by Albeniz. ' 

Andres Segovia, master guitarist of this century, ,has named Parkening 
one of his most important heirs and stated: "Parkening is a great artist. 
He is one of the most llrilliant guitarists in the world ... 

Now in his mid-twenties, Parkening is indeed acclaimed throughout the 
world. His recordings have further enhanced his position and have given 
him a superstar popularity. His five albums on the Angel label are best 
sellers, wiUl much of the music on them transcribed for the guitar by the 
artist himself. 

A native of Californ~, Parkening studied interpretation with 
Piatigorsky and Rejto. In July of 1964 he received a full scholarship in the 
first Master Class which Segovia conducted in this country. 

Alpha Omega Alliance 
... AND THE RACE IS ON-Candidates runn ing for 
Pres idential off ice are, 

Kathy Fraser, Steve Fi tch, Tom W altz, Ki rby 
Krakauer and Kathy Lloyd . 

CPB Presents 
, 

. 

Friday & Saturday Films 

,.. ...... 
..... 21 friMy 

USI 2722 
7 PM & ':30 PM $1.25 

'Be Maltese Falcon 

111, Treasure of 
n.. Sitrr, Madre 

11It MalteR ftIIcOil 
• 11It Tre ... of. 
Si.rrl MHr. 2 d... .lIrtctH ., J,"n H,.t.. • .. d 
St.rrin, H ..... '., 
Io,.rt. Th,'rI 
.,.NIl ...... ,. with 
.tyIt ....... ItInCI. 

..... 22 sat.nIIy 
USI 2722 

7 PM & 9 JIM $1. 00 
Tickets at tuden! Cen t r Box Office only 

4524559 

Kansas 
The band currently has a hit 

single " Carry on Wayward Son" 
off of the new Leftoverture LP, the 
best album the band has ever 
produced. It reemphasizes the 
bands fascination with different 
musical styles; especially the 
mixture of rock and classical. 

"What we play is really a pot-
pourri of many types of music," 
comments Kansas s ong-I 
writer! gu ita ri s t!keyboa rdis t 
Kerry Livgren. " If you asked what 
we're influenced by , you 'd get six 
different opinions." 

to downgrade the album's In-
strumentation, which is tight and 
sharp, as found in the extended 
" Magnum Opus" passage. 

The band members themselves 
appear very satisfied with their 
latest effort and, according to 
Livgren, feel that "musically this 
album is leaps and bound ahead of 
anything that we've done." 

Opening tonight's show at the 
Sports Arena will be R.E.O. 
Speedwagon. 

KPRI presents 

WEDNESDAY JANUARY 26 
sin 011'0 &all. 

alL SEAn us£~v£., $ ' .511, 6-
Ticket$: AYlillblt It~" Ofelo Cl .., ie Thutre 801 OffiCI, 

3rd and " 8" StrHts. Hilhlandt, Men's Stores .nd all Metro Alent-Itl 
For Information cln 236-6510. 

~jifrl\lO 
JAT eFIBRU\RY ,- a 11M 

SAN DIEGO j IDnlnll, 
sroIft AIDA. ~ -- . 



..... FrIday, J......,. !l,ltTI 
. . 

~ iTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
EILY 

Are your Cia .... POOr? T", me about II . Call 
Andy Schneider 452-4450 

Cherie Jone. 'please call P. and J . • , 453-
6454. We lost your number. Want ourdlnner. 

Car CO\Iers: I for VW Bug $50; I for Poraclle 
911 S60. Call 481.()843 Marl< (1/28) 

I i71 Chevy Vega. 7 •• ""Ine; good economy 
car· S8OO. Call 232-l1763 (1/21) 

T_I your Yldcll.hI Nelho/l'lll to a r.l 
.l4Mo ..... opertence. Minyan ~ Fri. 8 ,pm 
Sell 0..., Am. A Slu. Clr. 

Futu .. SIIocII a 111m hoSIed by Orson Well ... 
e.plOflng our prepackaged soclely. Thlf 
astonishing blend 01 technological 
achieYements end moral dllemmaa; such as 
Cloning. genetic control and humanolda . 
Ha .... you lelt the breaking do\lllnol llIIdltl"'l~ 
and our Institution. cr ..... Impermance and 
tran.clence In a world Ihat I. dllllculllO deal 
with? ConlraSI this picture with our second 
feature F ... " Colors 25 ce~IS donation. 
Come 10 Aevelle USB 2622 at 8:00 p.m . Fri . • 
Jan. 21 . Sponsored by Alpha Omega 
All iance. 

Thll'rl ('.oIIege Sen I OfS are I nvlled to sign up 
lor Ihe Third College Graduation Commill .. 
at Ihe Dean's -ollice. We will be responsible 
lor planning all aspectl 01 lhe com-
mencement and .... need YOU( Ideas. 

Sony TC-277 quad ,_ decl< . Very good 
condilion. Best oller 453-7367. (1/24) 

To BIIId Olwln In H-57: Being your bed buddy 
ill like going 10 .... _ . .... a bed buddy 
you're the best , The .. •• no competition lnom 
IItlhe mi. LO\Ie. your B.B. 

Unlv. 01 London ha ... baan 80Cepted fOf '77 at 
UniWlrslly Colleg.1 wanl 10 h.r Irom alumni 
tic. 274-9696 . 

Mon .• Jan. 2~ 4-530p m 
No Confereoci Rm . St~dent Center 

DOING IT WEll UNDER PRESSURE 
Harvey Selverslon. M.S.W 

Tub .. Jan 25 7·30 9 00 pm. 
East Room. MandeViI~ Center 

CHANGING YOUR STATE OF MIND 
Rob Ma.hman. Ph O. 

Wed .. Jan 26 7·S·3O 
InTernational Center 

EAT,DRINK . AND BE WARY 
':,k:loria Newman. M.S .. RD . 

Thurs . Jan. 27 7 30·9 
Founh Collogo Cafeleria. Motthe"" Cam"". 

TIME, SPACE, AND HEALING 
Paul Brenner , M D. 

fOR SAlE . 
Surfboard for sale 7ft. " Dos Equls" eoo brfghl 
orange unreal condilion $70 Cfll Dave after 6 
pm 4:\6·11 07 

2 14" mags lor Gen . Mo/ors cars $30 . Plush 
recliner $60. Dynaco SCA800 stereo amp 
S150753-7621 (1/21) 

Van · 1968 GMC. stereo. New paint. clulCh. 
shocks . carpet. cabinels. e.lra •. St8OO. 278-
306t . evenings (I (24) 

Surfboard. 7-2 Clinton 545, 7-10 l'urner 535 
ex . cond o G~itar ex. condo S70 Call 481 -9832 
ev • . (1 (26) 

For sale superglass 195cm skils binding 
11 Mhiking boots parka powder panls books 
45lH)284 Alch nlghl (1.128) 

67 WI Bug sunroof new engine and painl 
exc. cond o runs great S1100/01ler 755-3805 
(1124) . 

Am radio aulo scan oul 01 2402 $20. Boys 
Schwlm Stingray blk& QOod cond. 530 . • 54-
1971 t1l24) 

7/2 Vega GT hatchback ·42.000 miles new 
.brake •• Irans. $1200 or besl oller Call Dee 
753-4990 (1128) 

71 VW Super Bealle Excellenl condition 
many eolras and new perts. A.k lor G,enn 
453-0423 (1124) 

TV. butcher block lable. Sunbeam mi.· 
masler mixer (new) Call 45J..0797 be.t belore 
9 am or afler6 pm (1/28) 

Klngsize walerbed w/mal{ress & htr. SIOO 
fi'm. home & car 8 trae plyr. 8 trac lapee. 7 It. 
couch. dresser. 19" color (1128) 

. 

For sale: Almosl new B&W TV. 121n. sao call 
Nancy 453-5721 (1/24) 

Skis: Hexeel 210 . Hart Ir_tyle 190. K·Z 3S 
207. Ulnge boots . Call 453-7367 (t 124) 
King wtrbed. has everylhlng • hlr. pedestal. 
bookcase helbrd. etc. $200 eXI. 2952 or 566-
2135 AI or Dina (1/21) 

WANTEd 
Clccaslonal MOlher·. Heiper/Siller per. 
manenl thru 3-78. 1 'h miles IrorA cempus. 
453·55" (1/21) 
Appolntmenl secretary pi lime eve. Salary 
piUS bonus preler junior or above call Mr. 
Cle..nger 272-7110 (1/24) 

I need a 24mm 112.8 Nlkkor! 452-3466 dey. or 
755-6561 eves. Ask lor Bill . II I'm nolln. leave 
a messag,e. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. S.D. 
PU.ING slRVICES 

P~RKING CITATION N<?191595 
''''' j ~ /0 --J7- " ~'i~,~._ -:- 5 p-~._ 

VlHICl[ 

'VIOL 01 UO"4 

lOCATlO~ 

~1"ll • ra,t,f,.c. ~E "M ~ ()uu. 

tA · rfll17JN . rr . t.ocJPE_/ _. 
~ eve :::J SOMe SOUPO o OTHEI< 

5svr 0 fl. 1 I:IADGE N-O- --:;--r-- 01\1 -r-blL./~£.¥r PA'T..U£ P4f!e ~_l __ ~.o 
,Ol.l .fo" 1ff1U1 ttOllJtfD 10 ."Ut IUQ' I '"I IIIU "I' (DUll Uti_ Al lUI (UII,aOIlI oilS .. mo SAW IH~ U nlU 
. !l ltlll 'I OArs 1I0 1I1\'.~ 10)'" nO\lg "" VIGAH 11C1n\ A.ItOUOHS " 

YOU IItAY ~OST un EITHER PERSONAllY OR IT MAlliN lIlU Of A~PU.AN{E 
UII IIIUf. Io \H If ~DI ,om, rltt" I' Oi Y\ 

fOi un '''01.''10'' SIt IIYI.\! SIDl , .. /lUll 10 '''1'' 01 'OU IAII witt If SUH lit Utili. n oUlOl""\ .'Altn t 
fill tUil\U tI . OUII FO ' VlourrOIi 01 ' "' "O ~I It'Mfa \1(11011 111 1((0"_ I "'11t rill "OWISoiOlfC, OJ \((1101 41111 01 
16If "'11m (001_01 'Iff.. ~hll 01 ('lIfe ' I 

PARKING INFORMATION 
. CITATIONS ARE 'ISSUED TO IllEGAllY PARKED VEHICLES. 

Parking permits are required on campus 7:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday. 
Parking meter fees are also required during these hou·rs. . 

Student ["S" permit] parking Is re~trlcted to YEllOW STRIPED SPACES In campus 
parking lotS. . 

Park ng permits are sold at the central cashier's Office, Building 401, Matthews 
Campus 8:00 AM through 3:00 PM Monday through Friday. 

YOli must fumistt proof of 'lehlcle.ownershlp [vehicle registration document) al the 
time of permit purchase. . 

If you have any questions or need assistance please call parking services on Ext .. slon 
4223 or stop by Building 400, Matthews Campus. . 

.. 
UCSD Parking Services 

• 

Banjo player ~Ied to , form bluegrass 
group. Ask for Marl< 7!15-77!58 (1/21) 
Wilnted: I.x.book. "Calculus" Shanks and 
Gambll. Call .36-5317 and 1_ ..... sage 
wllh an._lng device. 

Book wan.ed: Ne'-II Analrall by M.E. 
V.nV.l<enburg 3rd ed. 11174 . call Bruce a. 
453-6377 II you ha ... copy. (1131) 

Wanted: used caiculul book by Lipman Sers. 
Plea .. phone Lisa at ~5259 anytime belo", 
11 pm. 

Teachers ., all ....... FOfelgn and Domestic 
teacher. Box 1()(13 V • ...,.,..,. W .. " 981180 
Aeceptlonisl needed Sa!uldeya • muSI be 
prolesslonal & _II woomed. BotIIcelU's 
Hair Fashions 5625 LaJoIIa Btvd . 

Wanted: UCSD Monarch '0 repl.ce Coop. 
Must be Intelligenl and Jlncorruptible. More 
Inlo coming soon . 

SERViCES 
An organization of older studenl s "-Ing 
will be held on Tuesday. Jan. 25th . 1977 at 
8 :00 pm In the Mesa Apts . .... commons 
room. All Interested sluden ..... lICOur.ged 
to allend. For more Inlormation pleese 
contact : Mike McCrawlll455-0!587 

ASB Special : Unisex hairstyling "2 PJlee. 
HairclJt. shampoo. blow dry. sa.OO. Call 45~ 
8229 lor appl' . The Hair Styll.t. 7563 GI"..d 
(3/21) 

Typing' Marilyn would like 10 lullill your 
Iyplng need. - exP8't . reasonable. h .. an 
IBM. Hew 127().6728 (2/.) 

Lo.t unwanted pounds & Inell.s. Heallhy & 
easy way 10 loee _Ight & kaap II oil . Call 
Lynn 481.a290 (3/21) 

1-2 ml rmtes wanted 10 share nleesl 3 bclrm 
condo In country $120 mo. Call IOf details 
Leuc. 753-4037 alter 3 . 

Aoom lor renl . Directly on beach In Mission 
Beach. Fireplace. large kitchen. S95 a month. 
call Dave 488-8227 

Housing conlract tor sale male Single rm . 
Tioga G45 452-8670 (1/24) 

Aoomal.. share c()-ed house. Preler 
lemales. Must appreciate clean hou ... 
SI00l mlh own room 753-7621 (1/28) 

Need 3 mature I; to renl 4 BA-2BA unf. apt . 
wlrelr.·clmnt 6 mo. contract. S88lmo. $1251 
mO .. 4 util. TerI2n-5936 

2 Aoomal. needed lor 2and2 ocean Iront 
Sauna Dishwasher Call alter 5 488-2524 Andy 
(1/21) 

2 male roommat .. wanted 1 mile 10 campus 
you will share w~h 2 olher mature Sludents 
only $66 per month. Call 452-9<461 (1121) 
To share spaclou. 3 br house In Del Mar with 
1 olher person . All annenltle. & vIew 755-3642 
755·7216 (1/26) 

Aoommate needed · M. F own room $85 mo. 
plus 'Iz utll. 2 block. Irom USD · 8 ml from 
UCSD. Nice 2 bdrm apt. Tom.298-5539 eves. 
(1121 ) 

lOST ANd fouNd 
LoSI : Brown leather billfold with all 10 
between TLH & bookslore Reward I Please 
cont act Cecil ia 453-0216 

Pound: Prescrlplion eyeglasses In physics 5 
class (TLH 107) claim In TT office. 

TRAVEl 
Inlo Irom .tudenls who have bien on 
summer sludy p'ograms In Europe Call Kathl 
eves. 295-0123 (I 121 ) 

EUAOPE ISRAEL AFAICA •• Sludent chart~ 
fllllhts year round ISCA 1609 W.slwood Blvd . 
• ,03. L.A. Calif . 90024 (213)631-5888.826-
0956 (3121) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Vital announcemenll lrom UCSD Music 
Departmenl 

The canoen I.'urlng the LOl Angeles 
Monday Evenings Chamber Eneemble on Ihe 
UCSD Wednesday _~ng. In lhe Mandeville 
Center. February. 2. 19n . has been post· 
poned. II will be replaced by a different 
program lOme time In Ihe Spring. 

"' .... walch lor an nounc:emeni . 

(I_fied R .. tes 
Sludenl ... - 25 cenl • 
""'lOnal. - 50 cent. 
Lolt.nd Found · ,_ 
Non' lIudfnl ada ·oSl 
Duda". all PIlI. IWO 

' I . day. prior to publication. 
Ad. may be .Ubmllled 
bSl_8-IOand 12·2 on 
MWF . 8-11 and ' ·3on TTh 

• 

FrIday, J.-ry Zl, IJT7 .Page7 

eoint Lorna Here Tomorrow 
offENSiVE Tritons Now· O-for-Five Weeks 

byDmdElia 
Lee Brockett and Bob FrazIer 

heroically tried to stop UCSD'a 
baSketball loalnl Itreak at .five 
weeks, but failed nae.day ~. 

- Despite exceptional games by 
the two junion, the Trito .. feU to 
Azusa-Pacific ~, before an 

Bob Frazier scores two of his 23 
points in the Tritons losing effort 
Tuesday night. [IT photo: Bill 
Brooks .] . 
enthusiastic crowd in the main 
gym. In a batUe that UC8D could 
have won, they were instead 
handed their second defeat in two 
league games. 

In an attempt to dQ something 
about an 11' game skid, coach Dick 
Satterlee had two of his top guanb, 
Ken Melvin and Tom Omalev, and 
two centers, Mark RWlyan and 
Lyle Smith, on the bench for most 
of the game. 

He was facing a tall Cougar 
team, which despite a 11-12 non-
le'igue record included three 6'8" 
centers and 6'7" forward . The 
Azusa giants hadn't been playing 
well though, according to coach 
Cliff Hamlow. "They've really 
been letting us down. " 

It was left to the 6'5" BrQ(;kett to 
make his first start at center, and 
he responded with 13 points and a 
game high 14' rebounds, Including 
nine in the pressure-packed second 
half. 

Fruier led aU acoren with 23 
points, as the 8'4" forward had his 
aecond consecutive over-»point 
game. Both Frazier and Brockett 
fouled out late in the second half, 
just as a Triton comeback tty fell 
short. 

The Tritons led for most of the 
first half, before Azusa took over: 
with seven minutes left, building a 
44-36 margin at the intennission. 

A Brockett slam dWlk mid-way 
through the second half brought 
the crowd to its feet, and cut the 
lead to rive. UCSD was down by 
just four, 67.Q, with four minutes 
left. -

The .' smooth, hot shooting 

Cougars took over after the muscle 
of Brockett and Frazier were gone, 
despite the efforts of Runyan, 
Melvin, Omalev and Tom 
Nicholson. 

UCSD hosts Point Loma 
Saturday night at 8, following the 
junior varsity game. The 
Crusaders lead the NAIA District 3 
Southern Division with a ~ 
record, including an upset of 1975-

16 champion Cal Baptist. 
A win could place the Tritons 

back in the league picture ; a loss 
could extend the losing string to 
nearly six weeks, and possibly 
make UCSD no more than spec-
tators in the upcoming league race. 

Scott Sadil 

Champion Of The World 
"LAY-DEES ANDGENTLE-MEN! !...AT LAST,DABAT-TLE TODA-

CIDE DA CHAM-PEEN OF DA WOILD! DA BEST! DA BIG-GEST! DA 
GREAT-EST! DA FIGHT OF E-TER-NI-TY! DA ONE YOU'VE ALL 
BEEN WAITING FOR! L .. KING KONG VERSUS ELTON JOHN! !!!!n 

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ! ! ! ! !" 
"Good evening sports fans . Welcome to the BigDome in America for 

tonight's incomparably important fight to determine, for now, just who 
really is ~he World Champion. I'm at ringside with the most special guest 
commentator ever, Muhammad Ali, and we'll be giving you the complete 
honest, truthful, and objective report of this war of wars between King 
Kong and Elton John. Muhammad, what do you think of the match-up?" 

Tritons 'Blitz Azusa Pacific 
JV~s Snap Losing -Streak 

"They're both lousy, good-for-nothing, asshole bwns! I'd whup 'em 
both! Atthe same time! They ain't even pretty!" 

"While the fighters are being airlifted from their respective dressing 
rooms to the ring, let's look at an interview with the two heroes taped 
earlier in the day : 

"King, why do you waht to be Number One?" 
"It's my girl. She says she won't love me unless I'm the best. All I gel,.to 

do now is blow on her and cop an occasional one-finger feel." 
The UaiD JV basketball team 

snapped an eight game losing 
streak Tuesday night by defeating 
the Azusa Pacific Cougars 82-68. 

'lbe Tritons played like a team 
on fire as they continually upset 
the bigger Azusa team with their 
scrappy tenacious defense. 

"After watching 0r:egon beat 
UCLA two weeks ago, our guys 
have tried to imitate the intense 
style of play that Oregon em-
ploys", commented Wayman. 
"These guys really want to win." 

The Tritons played well despite 
the absence of twb starten, Randy 
Mies and Todd Gabrelick. 
Newcomer Tom Polk and reserve 
Don Armstrong filled in ad-
·mirably. 

The Tritons fell behind early in 
the game, as the Cougars were 
able to score inside on the UCSD 
man-to-man defense . Coach 
Wayman then put in a sagging zone 
that forced Azusa point men to 
shoot from the outside. The Cougar 
guards were unable to score and 
the Tritons stonned back to a 37-36 
half-time advantage. 

The second half was all UCSD. 
With the score tied at 48, the 
Tritons put on a ucLA style blitz 
and outscored the Cougars 12-4 to 
put the game away. Freshman 
center Stan Hopper hit three 
baseline jwnpers in the three 
minute span to spark the Tritons. 
Hopper finished the game wi~ 22 
points as the contest's leading 
scorer. 

"CHI) ,IWS(!/lIS 

·Also playing well for the Tritons 
were freewheeling guards John 
Cox and Tom Griff tn. COlt finished 
with 13 points and recorded four 
steals. Griffin contributed 16 points 
and played a superb defensive 
game before fouling out late in the 
game. 

To~ Griffin [32) goes up for a shot 
in the JV's 82-69 win [IT photo: Bill 
Broo/csj 

_ Many of the games the Tritons 
had dropped during their streak 
were mostly a result of a lack of 
team depth. With Todd Gabrelick 
coming off an injury, the Tritons 
should be able to regain their early 
season promise and climb back to 

"Elton?" 
"The usual. Money, fame, cute boys, Island Girls, Mona Lisas, pinball 

machines, hair transplants, fame, and money. Plus, of course, the ar-
tistic integrity one gets from being lUliversally recognized as the world's 
biggest star." 

"Of course." . 
•••• 

"We're back at ringside, along with everyone you could possibly know, 
for the fight of all time. So far, the big pre-war story has been whether or 
not Elton John would be allowed to wear his specially-made-for-this-
night-only combat boots. The Kong Camp complained that the boots. 
which would eliminate their fighter's 341h foot height advantage, should 
be declared 'no fair.' The Supreme Court ruled just an hour ago that John 
could legally wear the boots because they are much like the platfonn 
shoes he always wears, so the new ones are just, as the Big Eight put it, 
'part of his act.' Plus the Court added, John needs the high shoes \0 keep 
the bottom of his new Hula-Hoop glasses from scraping on the groWld. 

"And now there's King Kong being lowered into the ring by the indoor 
Goodyear blimp! Listen, by way of television's latest greatest newest 
microphones, to the crowd's reactions : 

" ... He'salmost human! " 
" ... Ah, he don't look so mean !" 
" ... Sure not as good as the original! " 
" ... Monuny, Mommy, he doesn't have any pants on! What if he gets a 

hard-on? " 
"And look! It's John, too! Floating with is piano on a creative cushion 

of Welk-like bubbles that were added only last year to his grand entry. 
That noise you he)U' is the just-now famous "Kong's Song", Elton's latest 
release, available everywhere ! 

"Seeing the contestants together in the ring, Muhammad, what are 
your final feelings about what the fight will be like?" • 

"I think one of my greatest poems sums it up best: 
Fighting for the top ruined a man called Sick Dick, 
So it goes, because that fight sure ain't no picnic." 

, .... 

There's the hell! John and Kong are really going after each other. The 
masses of people are going berserk! And listen to those punches ! 

'(Promoter's note: Wire gloves for sound. Besides the most fantastic 
polyphonic sOlUld system ever created, add twenty-three extra ten-by-ten 
speakers that come into use only when punches land so that everyone's 

Continued on Page 8 
respectability. ,...-------------..:------__. 

Sea Deucers Scuba Club 
presents 

Screening of Erotica 
in "Censor-round" 

SEA DEUCERS 
U.C.S..D. 

Films: Confessions of a Madame 
TIle Elevator 
South of Borde r 

Mandeville Auditoriwn 
Jan. 22 

8:30'10P.M. 

GENERAL Admission: $2.00 
UCSD Students ' 1.541 Tickets at Box office 



Pqel 

Sex Se 
Ubiquit 

inar at Revelle; 
gets Face Lift 

by Nick Vaoear 
Staff W rlter 

Highlighting upc eng events at 
Revelle this quarter is a six part 
seminar on $exuallty which began 
this week on the topic of rape. and 
will discuss the topics of female 
sexuality, sexual assertiveness, 
male sexuality, homosexuality, 

Revelle Reporter 
and the joy of sex in the remaining 
sessions. 

These seminars, which are . 
sponsored by the Revelle resident 
advisonl, will meet on the next five 
Monday nights at eight o'clock in 
either the Revelle dinine hall or the 
North cafeteria. 

••• 
This Saturday, Ubiquity will 

reopen . with a slightly altered 
appearence and featuring the 
band, New Joy. 

The selection of summer 
orientation leaders will be done 
this quarter, breaking with the' 
previous tradition of making the 
selection during the Spring 
quarter. 

Next Tuesday, there will be a 
meeting of the Revelle Graduation 

Conunittee at four o'clock in the 
Revelle Provost's office. 

Conununity Center 
The remainder of upcoming 

events will be held by the Revelle 
Conununity Center, a group c:A. four 
interns and 12 to 20 volunteers, who 
are responsable for transfonning 
the ideas of the Revelle Program 
Board and other student 
organizations mto actual events. 

These ~vents Jnclude an open 
house held in the Community 
Center office in the bottom Door of 
Blake Hall next Tuesday from 
11:30 to 2 p.m. Highlighting this 
event will be a drawing at noon at 
which tickets to other events will 
be given away. 

Also sponsored by the Com-
munity Center is the upcoming 
Revelle Colloquia in which various 
professors will be asked to invite a 
group of eight to ten students into 
their homes for infonnal talks. 

Both students and professors will 
be given a list of each other's in-
terests and current activities in an 
effort to break the ice. These 
meetings will be held once a week 
at the start and then twice a week 
when interest has built up. Sign-
ups will begin next week in the 
Conununity Center office. 

TT Photo: Bill Brooks 
Proposed SIght/or future Rec Ce nter. 

Rec Center ... 
The dream was conceived 

because of the overcrowded 
condition of UCSD's existing 
recreational facilities. 

"This year 500 students were 
denied enrollment (to PE classes) 
and hundreds more will not be able 
to engage in casual recreation such 
as swimming, tennis, handball and 
squash because the facilities are 
overburdened," reads the 
recreation center handout. 

The new facility would be open 
only to the students, faculty and 
staff, their families, alumni and 
Extension class students. 

center." Forbes went on to say that 
the Center would serve a good 
purpose in that it would increase 
the interaction between the school 
and the community. 

Forbes concluded, " The 
recreation center would bring the 
community people (alumni and 
Extension students) onto campus 
and let them see what is going on 
here." 

triton times FrIday, Jaa....., 21,lt77 

Birth Control 'Seminar 
Are Women Being too Passive 

"I believe that the time has long 
been past for women to be taking 
such a passive role In sex," claims 
gynecologist Catherine Carson. 

Dr. Carson, who is a speaker to 
such groups as the National 

~ganization of Women, conducted 
a special seminar last Tuesday on 
Birth Control and Its Effects On 
Women. The talk was one in a 
series presented by Fourth, College 
to teach people more about their 
own sexuality. 

topics such as female sexuality, 
abortion and V.D. All are im-
portant concerns for w()JDen and 
their attitudes towards sex aod 
birth control. 

"If you want to have 'a baby," 
said Carson, "then have it. But If 
you don't want the baby, then an 
abortion usually would be better 
for you than pregnancy." 

dangereous, it is accepted and VD 
is not. 

Also, Carson claimed, she did not 
believe in any type of pennanent 
sterilization. "It is far better to 
work for Planned Parenthood two 
days a week than to have your 
tubes out" . 

"Since the advent of abortions," 
she said, "babies are more wanted. 
Mothers quit smoking or taking 
LSD just for the sake of the baby." . 

"It is often easier to get a woman VD Reactioa 

"In this way,. perhaps you could 
prevent 50 umrarUd babies ' and 
have your two later." .Accordingly, 
Carson recommended that it is 
much better to use contraceptives 
no .. verses steriUzation. "It · is 
better to wait" she 181d. "Why 
burn your bridges behind you?" 

to take birth control pills for a Carson described the - intense 
reason other than for sleeping with emotional reaction that people 
her boyfriend," said Carson. have when they find out that they 
"Some women seem almost · have contracted YD. "It is 
inhibited because they may feel basically over-reaction. A woman 
that for now they will have sex only or a man should not be angry at 
once. If a woman doesn't plan on anybody who gives it to her or him. 
sex, then she doesn't take any pills. If you get strep-throat from a girl 
If you plan on having sex, then the friend, you don't go Out and shoot 
problem is solved." lIer." Carson postulated that even 
. Carson tied her talk in with ~hough strep-throat is more 

As for birth control pOls, Carson 
suggested that the dangers c:A. ''the 
pill" have been confused. "'Ibere 
are so many variations of piUs," 
said carson, ''that almost any 
woman can find one that is okay for 
her. There is no evidence that it 
increases breast cancer or cancer 
of the ute reus in any way. " 

Piece of the Moon at UCSD ... 
emitted from our Sun, Arnold 
said. 

"The main part of our work 
has been in the study of these 
solar particles," Arnold said, 
and added that "we can con-
struct a record of the solar 
storms for up to five million 
YP.Brs." 

Arnold asserts that the record 
held by Moon rocks could give 
us valuable jnformation on what 
happened during an important 

. past natural phenomenon-the 
Ice Age. 

Ice Age PrediCUODS 
" IT' could have been 8 case:of 

the sun getting dimmer," 
Arnold suggested. "Our goal is 
to see whether solar particles 
give us any information and tell 
us what the Sun was like during 
this Ice Age period," he said. 

But half the excitement of 
studying the lunar samples was 
in the actual process of the 
space missions. Arnold and 
other scientists worked in-
timately with the space con-
trollers, advising the astronauf.'i 
on the collection of particular 
rock and soil samples via the 
television monitoring of the 
astronaut's work on the Moon. 

According to Arnold, each 
Apollo mission ran into serious 
difficulties. Apollo 12 was hit by 
lightning while in flight and 
Apollo 15 discovered a 
malfunction in a key electronics 
system. 

Mission Difficulties 
Although not present at the 

space control center. Arnold 

related a chilling experience 
with Apollo 11, the first Moon 
mission. There was computer 
fault, sending the Landing 
Module several miles off target 
causing a depletion of the fuel 
reserves.: 

" Armstrong was lost," 
Arnold recalled. "He just 
hovered around the area. They 
were in the process of a count-
down to abort when touchdown 
occurred. . 

"There was extreme tension 
in the control room," he con-
tinued. " Flight controller 
Eugene Krantz told me later: 'I 
couldn't talk! I 'took my hand 
and started banging it on the 
console to get myself to talk. I 
was totally frozen.'-But in the 

Offensive ... 
[Continued from 7) 

tapes of this event everything 
sounds fine," Arnold said, 
smiling. 

Arnold admits that when he 
and the other scientists 
received "pieces of the Moon," 
they were in a state of 
"euphoria." 

"The experiments we did in 
the beginning were crude, we 
were quite naive," Arnold 
commented, and said that "the 
papers we published are now of 
historical interest only. " 

And as .for the Moon rock 
itself, much to my surprise, it 
didn't just look like any other 
rock. Its deep grayish color 
speaks if its alien nature and 
challenges the skepticism and 
fantasies of all onlookers. 

awareness ofthe fierceness <*-this battle is increased.) 
"What a battle! What a fight! Who's going to win? Who's going to be 

Champion of the World? It's too close to call! 
"But wait! Someone is climbing into the rir.g! Right in between the two 

fighters! He's trying to get into the fight! Who could it be! Why it's, it's, 
it's Gilmore! Gary Gilmore! He's, he's saying something ... " 

" ... me too! Punch me too! Punch me too! I deserve it too!" 
And everyone obltgingly responds, "GIL-MORE! GIL-MORE! GIL-

MORE! !. .. " 

A/V ... 
[Continu~ from 1) 
CPB is meeting today at noon to discuss the situation, although according 
to Vlymen, he has been assured that the films will not be moved. 

Vlymen also explained that if CPB moves the films to the Gym, where 
AV would not be responsible for screening them, CPB would have to 
"invest over $5000 in capable projectors and operating equipment and 
assume a cost Gf over $40 per hour projection costs. 

efJOiImt APl'a B. According to Forbes, two student 
surveys have indicated that " over 
90 percent of the students surveyed 
support the ideas of the recreation 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The Friday Evenings on Del Mar. however. will 
present a joyful com')lnalton of harp and 
Ilule duos and solos With music of the 
claSSical perIOd and IIf t oday .•• Bernhard 
Ambros Batschelet . II Jtq, Chrystlnal Rhys, 
harp. January 28. 8 clock SI. Peter's 
Church . Del Mar Prog ' am includes works by 
Batschelet . a premier JE!rformance, Hoi liger. 
lbert , Handel and dach Following the 
concert . patrons Will I ·;we " cn~""~ to me8t 
two of Europe's most ,-fled young musicians 
dUring a reception Ir tllelf honor. TICkets 
available at the deor. 

cff <Valentine 9-anta~y 

ATTENTION PREMEDS. OSTEOPATHS. 
DE/NTS A special rrw,ctlng just for you on 
January 27 7-9 p.m .• Studenl Cen ter Com· 
plex, Bldg. C. It could ; hange your lifet 

a ~E.mi- fo'tmai dinnE. 't danCE. 

12 7:30 - 9- 1 
The Psychotogy of Sport's Officiating, a 
clus offered this quarter by the P.E. 
Departm nt. hu undergone a reschedu ling. 
It will now m Sunday evenings from 7:00 
to 9:00 In TLH tOO (Thi rd College). This 
change was made In order to accomodate the 
unexpected farge number of Interested 
studenls Class actiVities Will be ge red to 
qualify course partICipants 10 off icia te San 
Diego County Glrl's CIF Ba etbal!. Gamaa 

Clicket~: $15 pe't c.oupfL 7.50 uf19~ 
on U4Ce. at Cox of(lcz. datJ:if19:Jan.. 26 

2(ona 2(ai etub 
c:5fu:ftE.'t [J~la.nd 

gin March 7th. Pay $25.001 doubleh der 
For furth onformatlon please contac t Bob 
Moas. extension 4032. 


