
'" Attorney Bugliosi Relates the "Helter Skelter" Story 
byAlaaR .. HU 

News EdItor 

It is as Vincent Bugliosi says: "If 
someone had written a fiction 
novel before the events, it wouldn't 
have been believable." 

Bl1gUosi, is best known for his 
successful prosecution of the 
"Manson family" in the so-called 
"Tate-LaBianca" murders, and as 
co-author of the novel " Helter 
Skelter" .. The novel detaUs his 
involvement and Investigation into 
the Manson case from his then 
unique position of Los Angeles 
deputy district attorney. He 
presented the bizarre and often 
grisly st«y of Olarles Manson aDd 
his followers before an estimated 
350 people' in Mandeville 
Auditoriwn Wedneaday evening. 

Speaking with a voice sligttly 
hoarse from two previous talks in 

the day, BugiiOli was no~tbeless 
impressive in illucidating upon the 
long and involved chain of events 
surrounding the murders, and 
Manson himself. Of the case he 
said, "The murders were probably 
the most bizarre in the recorded 
annals of crime." 

Sex Orgies and Drugs 
Bugliosi immediately sketched a 

short history of the affair, stating 
that Manson was released at age 32 
from prison in 1967, promptly went 
to Haight Ashbury and other areas 
looking for "disciples." He got the 
recruits he was seeking, and, with 
his family, started touring on a 
black bus where the order of the 
day included wild sex orgies and 
marathon LSD trips. In time 
Manson convinced the group he 
was both Christ and the devil, and 
so influenced members that they 
were willing to kill for him. 

San Diego Q)ast Drilling Controversy 

A central part of the philosophy 
Manson preached to his family was 
that there was to be a race war 
between blacks and whites, in 
which ultimately the blacks would 
win because it was their "karma." 
Drawing references from 
the Book of Revelations, Manson 
told his followers that he would 
take them to the bottomless pit, 
where, many years after the race 
war, the blacks would come to him 
and ask him to rule because, in the 
words of Manson, "blackie only 
knows. what the white man tells 
him to do." 

The " strangeness" of the case 
was emphasized over and over by 
Bugliosi. "Most of the killers were 
young girls," he said, " which in 
itself is incredibly bizarre. I can't 
think of a precedent where young 

TT photo: Bill Brooks girls, dressed completely in black, 
Vincent Bugliosi entered different houses and 

murdered comple! estrangers." 
Bugliosi didn't even need to add, 

as an afterthought, the line, " You 
don't even see an~hing like that in 
horror films. " 

Murder seemed " normal" 
Noting that the man and woman 

involved in the murders were 
seemingly " normal," Bugliosi said 
they appeared .as " just average 
Americans, not quite what you'd 
expect." One female had a degree 
in history, and another had been a 
Girl Scout and Homecoming 
Princess. The male, Charles 
"Tex" Watson, was an " All-
American Boy" in every sense of 
the word-both excellent as an 
athlete and a good student. 

Manson 's " family, " which 
consisted of people that ranged in 
age from 13 to 'l:l, and a hard core 
following of about 20. was com-

Continued on Page 3 

CalPIRG Urges Anti-Offs~ore Oil Lobby 
Busted for Driving Under 
The I nfluence of ... Coffee? 

(SACRAMENTO) -If you are involved in a traffic accident and under 
the influence of caffeine, you will be technically subject to arrest if AB 62 
becomes law. by Vera M.L Todorov 

Community Editor 

"I've had a lot of contact with a 
city official who believes that San 
Diego has a great need for a strong 
lobby against offshore oil drilling," 
said U~D CalPffiG represen-
tative Susan Flick. 

Flick's statement is in reference 
to the oil and gas leasing program 
currently being undertaken on the 
Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) by 
the US Department of the Interior. 
The first lease sale occurred on 
December. 11,' 1975, 100 miles west 
of the San Diego coast. Currently a 
second lease is expected to occur 
on March, 1978, w~h a public 
hearing to be held on the sale this 
swruner. 

The County of San Diego and the 
Com prehensive Planning 
Organization (CPO) have adopted 
similar resolutions designating 
specific areas in which they 
recommend against oil drilling, a 
procedure called " negative 
nomination." San Diego County 
and CPO "negatively nominated" 
the nearshore areas based on 
concerns about air pollution and oil 
spill potential. The City of San 
Diego has also submitted negative 
nominations for the lease sale. 

Govemmeotal Coacel'lll 
Terming his "concern" over the 

proposed oU drilling, San Diego 
Mayor Pete WUson designated a 
subconunlttee from the Quality of 
Life Board, a group of citizens 
looking into San Diego problems, to 

check into the offshore oil drilling 
proposals. They met for the first 
time Wednesday, with their major 
concern being to submit an 
analysis to the city on the effects of 
the drilling to San Diego. 

Flick said that CalPlRG had 
taken it upon itself to work in-
dependently from the Quality of 
life Board subcommittee in lob-
bying against the offshore oil 
drilling, and added that " there are 
similar groups sprouting all over 
the community and it will take a 
tremendous effort to get them 
together in one large lobby 
power ." She noted that the 
CaIPIRG efforts would be cen-
tralized in their downtown office, 
and that they would attempt to 
incorporate UCSD students into 
the effort. 

Department of Interior will 
"not do a good job" 

City officials have told Flick that 
"San Diego has every reason to 
believe that the Department of the 
Interior will not do a good job on an 
environmental impact statement 
which is due to be released some 
time in April." She said that the 
Bureau of Land Management of 
the Department of the Interior has 
written unreliable environmental 
impact statements in the past, and 
because of this and the fact that 
final decisions are based on the 
reports, "citizens must call a lot of 
attention to the oil drilling to get all 
the facts out." 

Flick said, "they (the oil com-
panies) are not going to pump oil 
and let it sit there. It is invevitable 
that oil refineries will be built in 
this area and that San Diego 
Harbor will be receiving much of 
that oil." 

The bill , introduced by Assembly member Allister McAllister (D-Santa 
Clara), would make a person ' liable for arrest if involved in a traffic 
accident while under the influence of any drug. The bill was passed by the 
state Assembly yesterday by a vote of 43 to 22, and now goes to the Senate. 

Offshore oil drilling is subject to 
restrictions that the leasing oil 
companies must adhere to. 
"Special restrictions" may be 
placed on the use of specific ocean 
tracts in relation to environmental 
and economic issues that citizen's 
groups and the community deem 
important, and that the Depart-
ment of the Interior approves 
through the use of public hearings. 

According to the legislative council, George Murphy, " ... under existing 
law, a peace officer is specially authorized to arrest, without a warrant, a 
person involved in a traffic accident when the officer has reason to 
believe that such rerson had been driving under the influence of in-
toxicating liquor or under the combined influence of intoxicating liquor or 
any drug." 

"This bill would make such a provision applicable when any peace 
officer has reasonable cause to believe that a person involved in a traffic 
accident has been driving under the influence of any drug," he said. 

President Carter 

Assembly member Willy Brown (D-San Francisco) said that without a 
definition of drugs, people could be arrested for driving under the in-
fluence of aspirin or caffeine. Assembly member Leona Egeland (D-San 
Jose ) said she objected because there is no test , such as the blood alcohol 
test for intoxication to prove the level of drug influence. 

" might reconsider" 
Recently, President Carter and 

Continued on Page 3 

When a diabetic has an insulin reaction (shock) he sometimes appears 
to be drunk, according to Gordon Duffy (D-Hanford). He asked 
McAllister how these people might be protected from arrest. 

Which Mi htCreate "No~I" Organisms 

Group Asks Moratorium on DNA Research. 
by Joel C. Don 

Associate News Editor 

Citizens for Safe Research (CSR) Wednesday 
called for an • 'immediate international 
moratorium" on all recombinant DNA research 
which could result in the creation of " novel" 
genetic organisms. 

In a statement released at the meeting, CSR 
demanded a moratorium on all research " which 
would produce novel genetics combinations 
between distant organisms that have not 
demonstrated to exchange genes in nature." 

Additionally, the moratorium "should extend 
over industrial and military (biological warfare ) 
research as well as academic research, whether 
govenuneot-supported or privately funded." 

CUbe .. coaceraed witb risks 
CSR, a group of citizens concerned with the 

potential risks of the performance of recom-
binant DNA experiments. was formed last 
quarter in response to U~D' plans to con-
struct facilities for biohazardous research. 

A biohazard containment facility is currenUy 
proposed for the top floor of the new Medical 
Teaching Facililty (under construction), to be 
completed In March 1978. Genetic engineering, 
or the so-called recombinant DNA experiments, 
will be one type of biohazardous research con-
ducted in this facility . 

Simply, recombinant DNA research Involves 
the transplantation of genes from a complex 
organism into the genome, or genetic make-up, ' 

of the extensively studied E. coli bacterium. 
CSR member Doug Simay outlined the history 

of the controversy including a discussion of the 
Cambridge moratorium, the contamination at 
the Ft. Detrick biowarfare facility and the 
current meetings of the Chancellor's Special 
Biohazards Committee (CSBC), a group in 
charge of surveillance of research hazards at 
UCSD. 

Disagrees witb "Safe untO proven hazardous" 
Simay disagrees with the "safe until proven 

hazardous" philosophy of the ~BC, saying "you 
can 't always control the gene that you put into 
the organism." 

Simay also argues that there is no way to 
enforce the guidelines on the perfonnance of 
recombinant DNA research published by the 
National Institutes of Health. 

"The guidelines have no teeth," Simay said, 
" if scientists are caught, ,... t be 
withheld." He added~hat the CDCba not, Ill' 
yet, devised a method, rJ "POUctnc" campu. 

In addition, CSR IT.embers que!ttmed th 
predicted benefits tf recombinant DNA 
research, noting that much of the fmancial 
support bas . ~ h! . _ ~twj.,., roY' 
scientific industries. 

Simay emphasized the need for the par-
ticipation of students as w II as the comDlWlity 
in this issue. ~R wili hold its next public 
meeting on Feb. 10 at 7 pm. The location will be 
announced at a later date. 



Friday, J • ....." II, U7'I 

~rown Should Make Concrete Suggestions to UC 
• - I 

Since alUlling office in 
January, 1m, Gov. Brown has 
spent an appreciable amount of 
time ~ potshots at the 
University of California. 
Brown's overall message has 
been that UC, while a decent 
educational institution, is fiat on 
its ass concerning its social 
responsibilities. 

His remarks at last week's 
Board of Regents meeting in 
San Francisco continued this 
theme. Attending his first 
regental meeting in a year-and-
a-half, Brown assailed UC and 
American education in general. 

"Never before has education 
been so irrelevant for so many 
kids in this country," Brown 
told UC President Saxon and the 
Regents, who by now must be 
accustomed to the governor's 
attacks. And such an attitude 
points to the problem: 

Everytime Brown attends a 
Regents' meeting, the good 
Regents expect him to launch 
scattershot blasts at UC. It 
follows an expected pattern. 
Brown chastizes the University, 
the Regents nod and do as they 
please. The governor's affect on 
UC comes not from his ad-
monitions to the Regents, but 
from his budgetary power. 

WhIch is unfortunate, because 

most of Brown's advice is worth 
acting on_ The University 
"should be more than just a 
think tank and more than just a 
place' where you pick up a blue 
ribbon on your way to a high 
salary," as Brown said last 
week. 

Brown criticizes the priorities 
of medical schools which turn 
out more and more specialized 
doctors and less general 
practitioners willing to work in 
the poor, inner city areas 
desperately in need of adequate 
medical care. He questions the 
standards UC uses to grant 
tenure to faculty. He raises 
doubts about increased spen-
ding as a catch-all answer to 
problems. 

The University should 
become more · relevant and 
helpful to the world around it. 
All universities should link 
themselves to society, because 
it needs a lot of help to make life 
better for everyone. 

But Brown isn't going to get 
any results unless he breaks his 
comfortable pattern with the 
Regents and takes some con-
crete action. He should decide 
exactly what he wants UC to do 
and write it out on paper in a 
coherent fonn. Then he should 
call a press conference, say, 
before a Regents meeting, and 
hand out this Declaration of 
Constructive Purpose for the 

University. 
A UC job description, If you 

will. 
This would surely prove much 

more effective than Brown's 
continual sniping. The paper 
would be a' document to bold UC 
accountable to, In the ey. of 
the media and the public. It 
would be something to refer to 
at budget time, when UC asks 
for more money than the 
Governor is willing to give. 

Of course, Brown's budgetary 
treabnent of UC is part of his 
overall "era of limits" 
philosophy. 

(Incidentally, Brown had 
better watch out: President 
Carter seems intent on c0-
opting his "small is beautiful" 
rhetoric on the national level. 
The President's inaugural 
address was full of phrases like, 
"We have learned that 'more' is 
not necessarily 'better,' and 
that even our great nation has 
its recognized limits, and that 
we can neither answer all 
questions nor solve all an-
swers." 

(Sound familiar, Jerry?) 
But, while Brown's budgetary 

trea bnent may be basl;d on 
recognition of limits, his ideas 
of what UC should accomplish 
are not. He wants UC to do more 
than it ever has before. He 
wants the University to deal 
with: 

The Twilight Zone of History 
ByJobnLyaU 

An idea brainwashed into us 
since childhood is that evolution 
explains our origins. But recently, 
certain curious books have 
challenged this assumption: - The 
Genesis Flood by Doctors WhIt-
comb and Morris, I Touched the 
Ark by Fernand Navarra, and even 
a movie, " In Search of Noah's 
Ark." If these be true, what would 
become of our complacent belief in 
evolution? 

Amazingly enough, a realistic 
look at archeological evidence 
quickly dispels evolutionary 
fantasies and re-affirms th~ old 
belief in Creation. Sedimentary 
rock fonnations contain huge fossil 
"graveyards" of prehistoric 
creatures. These obviously 
resulted from . the Flood, as 
evidenced by the startling 
presence of mangled bones, 
uprooted trees, and countless signs 
of violent destruction, drowning, 
and burial in sediment-laden 
waters! Many dinosaur and human 
fossils He side-by-side in these rock 
strata, despite evolutionary 
theorizings. 

Even the Laws of Science con-
, tradict evolution: Ther-

modynamics-Energy does not 
collect itself together, but scatters; 
Genetics-Chromosone variations 
can cause diversification of 
species, but calUlot alter any 
specie's basic gene structure. 
Thus, the supposed evolution from 
ape to man, or from gas-cloud to 
solid-earth, is unscientHic - im-
possible, according to these 
"Laws." The so-called "missing 
links" and "ape-men" are simply 
hypothetical fancies concocted out 
of a few tiny fossil fragments of 
ordinary men, and apes, who once 
lived during the recent Pre-Flood 
Age. 

During that ' mysterious dawning 
age of history, a thick watery 
covering insulated the at-
mosphere ; and the entire Earth, 
even Polar regions, enjoyed an 
exotic tropical mist-like climate, in 
which dinosaurs thrived abun-
dantly. But, after the Flood, 
weather patterns changed 
drastically into our present harsh 
fluctuating climate. The.Ice Age 
began then, and we are still living 
in it! Science has exaggerated its 
extent however, misinterpreting 
Flood geology as glacier activity. 

Our great high mountains and 
volcanoes were also made at that 

Wli..--- -

time. Massive earthquakes raised 
land surfaces and widened huge 
ocean basins to accomodate the 
vast expanse of Flood waters. This 
thunderous transformation of the 
earth was accomplished suddenly 
by the great power of God, not 
"continental drift." 

The earth did not create itself 
(through evolution). The Almighty 
created it (through supernatural 
power) - just a few thousand, not 
billions, of years ago. Population 
figures show that, at the present 
growth rate, we could have begun 
{rom 2 people only 1,000 years ago. 
-From this viewpoint, even the 
Biblical outline of history, 
beginning 7,000 years ago with 
Adam and Eve, seems aimost too 
far back in time. As for radioactive 
dating, scientists admit it is an 
unrealistic technique, and would 
be rendered unvalid by any severe 
geological disturbances like the 
Flood. 

Our " scientific" minds are bent 
out of proportion . -We goggle at 
the enonnous outreaches of space 
surrounding us, and forget that 
God focuses His attention on us. 

We live in a " Dark Age" (of 
"educated ignorance") . The 
atheist "apostles" of modern 
science have buried God's Truth 
under a mountain of evolutionary 
speculation! A selfish greedy 
worm clings to this survival-of-the-
fittest philosophy that excuses it 
from responsibility to God and 
mankind. We have forgotten God's 
original "Plan of Creation" and 
monumental Judgments against 
the world of prehistoric times, and 
awesome possibility of future 
worldwide calamity and 
destruction! 

Ominous as that may sound, 
remember, the development of 
natural history is ordered and 
controlled by an intelligent, loving 
Creator, not some impersonal 
chaotic process of blind chance or 
cosmic accidents! God1s Love, and 
therefore has not left us in 
darkness about our origins, nor our 
future destiny. - He's had it all 
written down for us In His Book for 
thousands of years I 

fohn Lyall Is a tudent at 
Ottowa UnJUerslty In Canada 

"The growing cost of 
medicine, the poor distribution 
of it, the fallure rl our education 
system, the problems of the 
criminal justice system (and) 
the proliferation of litigation In 
the civil courts." 

For UC to deal effectively 
with such problems will take 

told him In a rebuttal last week 
Brown is "talking about some of 
the deepest and most difficult 
problems I know of. The 
University didn't create them, 
although It contributed. The 
University can't solve them, but 
it can contribute to a solution. " 

The PrOblems Brown has 

Gov . Jerry Brown speaking at a presidential rally at the Community Can. 
course last June : Phol0 by Nalhan Meyers 

more than a change of attitude pointed to are difficult ones 
and priority by the' regents. It which will require close 
would also take more money. cooperation between the 
Brown is asking UC to do more Governor and the University if 
with less, which is a very they are to be solved. Brown 
unrealisitic stance for him to says he "only wants to stir 
take. things up a bit," but that's 

The University is not alone taking the easy way out of the 
responsible for the problems problem. More importanUy, it 
Brown pointed out. As Saxon doesn'lsolve anything. 

An Open Letter from CSR 
To Dr. Lee Henderson 
Dear Dr. Henderson: 

Citizens for Safe Research 
(CSR) appreciates the response of 
the Chancellor's Special 
Biohazards Committee (CSBC) to 
our questions. We also wish to 
make clear that to date esBC has 
responded to public concern and 

inquiries generated by individuals 
and groups like CSR yet has done 
little to actively disseminate public 
education. In your response to our 

first quesuon concerning public 
infonnation: we hope that "time 
penults" CSBC's public education 
to become active. ' For example: 

1) Please list the libraries and 
sources where· we can now get 
Information concerning this issue. 

2) You state that you hope local 
members of the community will 
contribute to policy decisions. 
Cambridge now ' has placed a 
moratorium on recombinant DNA 
re.search until the community has 
the time 19 decide how to proceed 
in its best interest. Since plans for 
the research have progressed far 
ahead of public awareness, 
wouldn't San Diego also profit by 
calling for 8 moratorium until the 
public can debate the issue'? Why 
must we rush into this research '? 

3) You state that preca utions will 
be taken to minimize human error 
until more knowledge is available. 
00 you think that the essc's 
implementation of NIH 's 
guidelines will be any more ef-
fective in minimizing accidents 
than the controls which allowed 
more than 400 · bioaccidents to 
occur at the Ford Dietrich facility 
or the EPAIFDA standards that 
failed to stop the Kepone disaster? 

4) If no regulatory body can 
engineer out equipment failure or 
educate out human error, why 

Continued OIl Page 3 

triton times 
David Elsen - eueul ... editor 
Mark 51adler - M.n.glng "'lor 

. Gary Ghlrardi • Ad .. rtlslng M..,ogor 
Alan Russell- H_ ed"or 
Alec Nedelman - AHoclot. N_ edllor 
Shauna Stokes· PraducU ... Me .... ' 
Sue Nealon. Copy edNor 
Ran Anbar · Opinion edNo, 
S~ou Sad II - Sportudltor 
T,m MacKenzie - Artl ... tor 
B,II Brooks - Phol0 edllor 
Joel C Don - A .. ocl ... News ednor 
Vera T od 0 roy - CommunUy edUot 

St.1I Wrtte" 
Dall 51. Claire Bacon 
M·C Brien 
TedBu .... 
Dave Collen 
Lisa Frankel 
D .... eFriedman 
Vanessa Griego 
John Halperin 
Margaret Hewey 
Doro1hy Houston 
Kim Krasne 
Bert Lee 
Sera J . Lowen 
Jeff NOI'mura 
Laura Rochlllf 
Kirk Robinson 
OebOie Schwartz 
Michael Tom 
Nick Vanocur 

Wesley Wed. 
Judy Wallon 
PaulWalry 
Raney Websler 

PnKIuctlon Aaalal.ntl 
Cindy HellIon • 

Ka1h~ McMillen 
Abbe Wool 

Pholog .. phers 
snamon Aikman 
Slanley Honda 
Howwd Koller 
Chrll snerman 

OfllceM.., ... 
Dan Lanner 
Meg SChau'el. 

Letter to the Editor 

Page 3 

~ Bugliosi speaks on Manson, 
"Helter Skelter" Story ... -~ 

[Continued from 11 
p1etely subservient to him. A noted 
psychiatrist, questioned by 
Bugliosi, said that there were 
virtually "no parallels" to equate 
with Manson's getting others to kill 
for him. 

Bugliosi matter-of-factly told the 
story of what he tenned "seven of 
the most horrendous murders 
ever." On two successive nights 
Manson turned out his "robots 
tuned to kill," and they did just 
that, brutally murdering pregnant 
actress Sharon Tate and friends on 
one night, and Leno and Rosemary 
LaBianca on the next. The 
" family" is suspected of com-
mitting up to 35 murders in all. 

The murder trial lasted nine and 
one-half months, the longest of Its 
time, involving m excess of U,UUU 
pages of transcripts, and costing 
the county of Los Angeles over 
$900,000. 

Bugliosi related some of the 
amusing but strange highlights of 
the case, including Manson's 
holding before the jury a Los 
Angeles Times banner headline 
stating "Manson Guilty, Nixon 
Says" (of which Manson during the 
Watergate proceedings held up a 
paper saying "Nixon Guilty 
Manson Says") . 

Chuang Tz~ , Rides Again at UCSD 

The question that Bugliosi posed 
was, "How could this little man, 
only five foot two inches tall, who 
wouldn't step on a flower and loved 
animals, get such control over 
people's minds as to make them 
murder for him, and even believe 
that he was Jesus Christ?" 

A4mlratlon of Hitler 
Admitting that Manson did have 

the inherent ability to dominate 
people, much like the Hitler that he 
so admired, Bugliosi still thought 
there was much more to his suc-
cess, with perhaps the most in-
tegral reason behind his control 
being that he had the " raw 
material" to work with. 

Another time Manson leaped 
over the counsel table with a sharp 
pencil trying to get at the judge, 
which prompted the judge from 
that time on to carry a concealed 38 
caliber pistol under his robes. With 
the timing of the Bob Newhart he 
resembes, Bugliosi pointedly drew 
a laugh by saying, "That's not 
exactly common." 

The pervading note of 
seriousness returned, though, 
when Bugliosi spoke of the 
disappearance and death of Ronald 
Hughes, the defense attorney for 
one family member, which cause<1 
a month 's delay in trial 
proceedings. Of the incident 
Bugliosi said, " My belief is 
simply that Hughes was murdered 
by the Manson family." The event 
seemed even more disquieting 
because earlier Wednesday 
Lawrence Merrick, producer of the 
documentary "Manson," was shot 
and murdered by an unknown 
assailent. Bugliosi simply stated, 
"I am not making any 
allegations. " 

Fellow UCSD students, awake! 
There's a class now being taught 
this 'quarter through Extension 
(and more to come next quarter) 
that takes you right back into the 
spiritual heart of ancient China 
and makes its knowledge relevant 
to what we are doing right here, 
today, now. We read a lot in the 
Triton Times about academic 
irrelevance and ways of improving 
our campus and educations-well, 
here is a real beginning. 

For one, the instructor (Prof. 
Will Johnson) has chosen some 
interesting books to read-Chuang 
'l'lu's Basic Writings, filled with 
humor, Zen-like anecdotes, some 
serious nonsense and some heavy 
raps on ecstatic mind "wan-
dering," Lao Tzu's mystical poetry 
from the Tao Te Cbblg, the earliest 
collection of Confucian sayings and 
the ever-amazing I Ching or Book 
of Changes. The cl,ass has already 
thrown the coins and we are 
learning how to interpret this 
Open Letter_ 

[Continued from! ] 
carry on potentially dangerous 
research in the middle of .a 
crowded campus located in a large 
urban center'? Why not move a 
potentially hazardous lab to a more 
isolated area? Is the convenience 
of a few investigators and 
technicians more important than 
protecting an unaware public? 

5) Appreciating that the 
research will go on under the 
current assumption that it is safe 

ancient oracular voice of Chinese 
wisdom. These are books you want 
to read, they speak to you and no 
one needs to require you to read 
them. 

Are you interested in 
meditation? Well, we do that too in 
class, because this is exactly what 
these books talk about. Each 
session we do some meditation so it 
is not all talk, but we sit down and 
get right into the ecstatic spiritual 
experiences out of which these 
books came. 

What about ecstasy? As our 
teacher pointed out, ecstasy 
simply means releasing oneself 
from the body by leaving behind 
the rational mind and our physical 
limitations of time and space, and 
having fun . with the creative 
imagination. In the fist class we 
experienced astral projection by 
going mentally to our favorite 
place of- relaxation, and in the 
second we asked questions and 
received answers from Chuang 

until proven hazardous, what 
percentage of incoming recom-
binant DNA grant funds will be 
used to set up health screening for 
laboratory workers and to monitor 
the efficacy of P3 conta 'nment? In 
addition what fiscal responsibility 
will the university assume in the 
event that workers and the com-
munity suffer loss of health or life? 

cmZENSFOR 
'iAFE RESEARCH 

The TrUon Times Is published by UCSD sludenls as an official slUdenl newspapar. 
Publicalion Is on Monday • • Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school year 
(axcapl on oftlclal holidays). Edi101'lal and business o ff ices are localed In Ihe Studenl 
Cenler allhe University 01 CallfOl'nla. San Diego. For edltOl'ial . call 452-3~; lor business 
and display advertising . call 452-3466. 

Lell.rs to 100 edilO1' and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissions musl be lyped 
and double-spaced on a 74-Space line. They should nol exceed 1-t 12 pages In lenglh. 

SubmlUed malerial must bear the name and sludenl 1den1llicaHon number ollhe 8UlhOl'. 
Names can be wl1hheld trom publlcaUon on request ; howe_lhe names will be held on IIIe 
lor pUblic InspeeHon. 

The Trl10n Times reserves lhe rlghl to edl1 submissions because of space IImltallons or 
slyle requlremenls. 

Entire conlen18 copyright 1977 the Trllon Times .. 

IJ( 
IANDllliO 

WHh over 1000 flights a WHir, PIA II the mOlt convenient way 
to travel I" California. And you" like our low kINI, too. Call your 

Campus Rep., Men L Dana (714) 452-0630 or PIA. 

Tzu himself, supposedly dead now 
-for at least 2,000 years! 

This class is what we want more 
of-a part of our education that 
responds to our spiritual nature, 
things we all want to experience 
and investigate, the inner, 
universal perspectives we have 
forgotten in our curriculrn. It 
meets on Thursday night in 1110 
Psychology and Linguistics, Muir 
campus, from 7 to 10, so why not 
r-nmp. bv one evening to see what 
it's all about? Enrollment is closed 
now for this quarter, but our 
teacher will teach another like it in 
the Spring Quarter on the Buddhist 
Vision of life (also on Thursday 
nights), and with his collaborator, 
will give a special class on music 
and meditation on Wednesday 
nights. What do you think, fellow 
UCSD students? 00 we deserve a 
fuller, more rounded, diversified 
education? If so, these classes are 
open to you, and they deserve our 
support. 

Offshore Oil .. 
[Continued from 11 

the Secretary of the Interior issued 
statements saying that they might 
reconsider the current federal 
governments leasing policies in 
relation to off shore oil drilling. 

Various UCSD ' professors and 
instructors have been asked in-
formally by several grouPs to give 
technical information to help in the 
preparation of environmental 
impact reports on both the city and 
state levels. Their input might 
naturally effect the final outcome 
of the controversial oil drilling, if 
they choose to advise the~ groups. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Bumo and /lusUe revival Wlnler 01r. Oance. 
8 :30 pm Sal. Jan. 29. Main Gym. Dance to 
"SlruU!n" free w i lD. 

Royal Shakespeare Co. film of Mldlummer 
Nlghl1 D ...... . wl Dlana Rigg & David Warner 
Monday. Jan . 31. 7:30 pm USB 2722 FREE. 

"People would gravitate to his 
great magnetism," said Bugliosi, 
"but they would usually be turned 
off by his sick preaching. Those 
that stayed did so because he 
struck a chord. He was the catalyst 
that could bring forth their 
hostility." 

The "evil genius" of Manson was 
manifested by his "breaking 
down" family members through 
sexually perverse means and the 
use of drugs. With LSD he was able 
to extract " irrevocable" promises 
from individuals, in addition to 
being able to dig into, and control, 
their psyches. Perhaps the most 
important means of this control 
came ' from their secluded com-
munal site on Spahn Ranch, 25 ' 
miles from Los Angeles. There he 
would preach night and day, 
steadily bombarding everyone 
with bis rhetoric, able to be the 
source of all information in a 
setting in which he didn't have to 
compete with television, radio, or 
newspapers. 

Time was all Manson needed to 
convince certain members of his 
family that if they went out to kill 
they did so as "heroic gladiators," 
murdering not people but symbols 
of a "sick society," all done to 
bring about a " better social or-

'der. " 
The Need to Convince 

Convincing the jury that the 
defendants were completely 
subservient to Manson was 
essential for Bugliosi's success. He 
claimed that the evidence, and 
consequently the case, was 
collected "one speck at a time until 
a strong mosaic of guilt was 
made. " The inherent problem in 
putting together his /lOose was that 
Manson didn't involve himself 
personally in the murders, and was 
cryptic with tlis demands, saying 
such things as, "00 as your love 
tells you to do. " 

Parking 
Students are Reminded 

''$'' ,~.. ,....tt. .. VtIIW ill YELlOW 
,... .... s,.c.. GIlly. (See c.,. • ..,) 

at.tIM ... 1"- I ............ fl ••• In '_I. 
whII ................. U ••• 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223. 

Bugliosi detailed the "circus 
atmosphere" of the case, complete 
with Manson's followers (notably 
Lynnette "Squeaky" Fromme) 
passing out literature during the 
trial calling it the "second 
crucifixion," and imitating their 
incarcerated leader in every 
manner possible. 

The end result of the trial was 
that each defendant was convicted 
on every count, with Bugliosi 
telling the jury that if " theirs" was 
not the proper verdict for death, 
there could be none." However, the 
death sentences they received 
were ruled unconstitutional in the 
1972 Supreme Court decision, 
which automatically and 
irrevocably committed their 
sentences to life. 

At 42, Manson, the " man of a 
thousand faces," has taken on a 
passive role behind bars. Despite 
his eligibiilty for parole in 1978, 

Continued on Page 8 



I rl141111111 .. OS 

Whatever ijlappened to Good Old Days? 
State of Art: Movies in the Late 70 s 

By RaDdy Welosler 
Staff Writer 

Thesis' during t his time/moment/juncture in reality, movies (as well 
the lame~table state of the popular novel, gallery art, in fact the 'arts' 
themselves) seem frozen in stasis -either -exercises in ~xtravag~~ false 
nostalgia or pitiable pandering to an ill-<:onceived notion that If It has 
already happened then "those mU!lt have been the good old days." 

Kns KJ:istof!erson 
To an economically deprived worker during the Depression, the 

possible re-make of THE. GRAPES OF WRATII as a song and dance 
musical would have as much relevance as KING KONG to love and 
romance. I wouldn't be at all surprised if the GRAPES film isn't in the 
works. 

There is also dreadful switching from serious social documentary to the 
ludicrous, as witnessed in CARWASH, a movie that can 't quite make up 
its mind whether it is satire or slice of life, (social documentary it's not; 
brown, not quite black humor, it is.) It's a fair movie in a long list of fair 
movies all suffering from the same malaise - indecision. The movies offer 
the customer one from column A, B, C, and/or the combination plate. 

One combination plate, KING KONG, is an expensive, splashy, in-
secure movie unsure as to whether it qualifies as 1) satire, 2) a serious 
2ttempt at aping the horror film (forgive me, the pun was irresistable). 

""D IN"T1lDDV',NG ... 

~ "~"l\lO 
,AT .JI~ ,- 8PM 

SAN DIEGO II 811111111111 
SJIlQaTS AUJIA. a -- . 

IIU. 3~1.s Re:~ ' "7.~ . • so, a 50 (IN,,"U~ ,.MNf"tQ) 
AVAlLAI)l.l: AT ALL &lu.. GAMOLt.5 Mi.M) STOAU, ,A4 Mor.fC;o(Jt1fRY 
WAA,D .sT~'\ . AL.1. NlfNA. TI(Kf.T OOlL.t~, & TH£: .sfOtII:l,s M!.NA 

TI(Ke ~ o",K:( MIl. FURfHVt Irirn " 714 LB ~: ;,., 
~pvup IV ,~ f'lMK'V'.TtOf'U I A PIt. ..... P l"O'tur ~~"" 

or 3) a lame indictment of corporate greed. That is rather .a du.bious 
assumption, emerging as it does from the wo~b of the multi-national-
armed corporate goddess. ., . 

Without il focus the film blurs to dIStraction and we find ourselves . 
'wondering why 20 or so million dollars were involved in re-telling - mjnd 
you - not developing a tired concept, beauty and the be~t, the love story 
of a sixty foot gorilla and a charming if somewhat lIUl~UoUS young 
woman. I can't keep from wondering, with that enonnous outlay of 
money at least twenty ROCKY'S, BADLANDS, ALOHA BOBBY AND 
ROSE,' all reported to have cost under two million, could have been 
produced. ' 

I have not seen ROCKY so I will not evaluate it's quality as a film; but a 
·miUion dollar error in judgement seems to rest easier in the gut than a 
twenty million dollar blunder or even a piece of mediocrity. Also ROCKY 
has been purported to have chanced on here-t<rfor unknown rather than 
trotting out the £irst-string squad: Robert Redford, Steve McQueen, 
Woody Allen, Tatum O'Neal and the media queen, Barbra Strels;and. 

Now that I have delved into can of worms, the team of Stre1S8Od and 
Peters (as everyone knows, her live-in man), I will .now add f!1r .un-
necessarv two cents worth in the already crowded CirCUS of critiCISm 
surrounding these two. A veritable sea of words has obscured what other-
wise would have been seen and judged as neither a great movie nor a 
rotten one, a good piece of melodrama lacking a certain essence which 
would have marked it as opera instead of soap opera. -

Streisand is a good performer and Kris Kristofferson never fails to 
please in a performance. Somehow, despite this combination of· above 
average talent it turned out to be another re-hash, : done not. o~e, but 
twice before. This film failed to transform a claSSIC B-movle mto the large~ than life tragedy it might have been had someone decided what it 
was aiming at: a semi-documentary tracing the downward dance of a 
burning out rock and roller or an authentic rock-musical ; which perhaps 
might have show-<:ased the two stars obviously dissimilar talents to a 
better advantage. 

Granted the movie will reap an incredible profit and I do not begrudge 
the three dollars and fifty cents I shelled out to see it; but ... oh to have 
seen something vibrant, innovative. Not Garland risen from the grave in 
a male clisguise. 

And while on the subject of A STAR IS BORN I find entirely offensive 
the catty bitchiness rampant throughout the 'supposed' serious reviewers 
of the movie. To read certain articles you start wondering whatever in the 
hell happened to objective viewing. It's my belief (s~plistic as it may 
appear) the persistant, bitter acrimony heaped on S~re1S8nd and P~ters , 
(besides the movie,) is due to the driving force pushmg for the makmg of 
the movie. 

This force was a woman and her former hair-dresser boyfriend, and 
you know what kind of men they are right? Technically the movie was 
superb, even though the content was not original and som~what vacuous 
(no clidactic message here). The over-all structure o( the film was sound 
and glided in front of you in a pleasant rhytlun. . 

To demean a movie simply because the producer is a former halr-
Continued on Page 6 

Dignity, Bitterness Portrayed 
In "The Queen and the Rebels" 

By Margaret Hewey 
Staff Writer 

Winter, 1938-a revolution is 
going on and embittered, wornout 
soldiers are searching for a queen 
on the lam. A striking woman, 
proud and regal, enters a dreary 
room with other travellers for 
questioning. She holds our at-

tention inunediately-a study in 
cool elegance as she stands poised 
in a fur-trimmed cape and posh 
black hat. One might even mistake 
her for royalty. 

Ugo Betti's The Queen and the 
Rebels opens on a somber, anxious 

note. There's tension among the 
. characters, anticipation of what's 

to happen to them. Director Mack 
Owen maintains Betti's intense, 
severe tone successfully in this 
Carter Centre Stage production. 
Amid the occasional sound of 
clistant gunfire and within the 
gloom of the hall, (simply and 
effectively designed by Peggy 
Kellner ) verbal warfare is carried 
out from beginning to end. Both 
setting and characters convey a 

Continued on Page 4 

UC San Diego Campus Program Board Presents 
the San Diego premiere of 

A film 
Fr bruary 35 800 pm 
Fcbru ry 5 200 pm 

.. Jndevllle Audltollum 
[,ven,ngs 

Sludpnls Sl 50 
Gt'neral AdmISSIon S2 50 

Mdllnrf' , 
Sludr·nls S I O\J 

cnrral A miSSIOn 5200 

For Information ca ll 452 -4559-------" 

From Andrew Uoyd Webber and the people who brought you "Jesus 
Christ Superstar," comes their latest " " Evita" is an opera based on 
the life story of Eva Peron, the the late Argentine clictator, Juan 
Peron. (Eva Peron shoUld not be Peron's last wife, Isabel.) 

It is being advertised as a "Cinderelllr.'ry about the astOnishing life of a girl 
from the most mundane of the most powerful woman 
her country (and indeed Latin seen, a woman never content to 
be a mere ornament at the side of her Her death of cancer in 1952 ensured 
that she became a legend. She was just she died . 

"Evita" is a sensitive and work about the spiritual leader of 
Argentina's descamisados (shirtless Yet Webber and Rice manage to 
convey their story withoot distorting facts concerning the Peron 
regime in Argentina. Eva Peron was ' young lady who whored her 
way to the top, ("The Lady's Got Surprisingly Good For You," 
"Another Suitcase In Another class of her coW\try she was 
a saint, ("High Flying, ," "Santa Evita") despite the 
millions of dollars she and her ("And The Money Kept Rolling 
In and Out. ") 

Though politics obviously must 
Webber and Rice thankfully keep 
Throughout the entirety of the 
figure than a political one, as evildenCII 
Me Argentina," a recurring theme 

The title role is beautifully played 
some repute . Her voice has the 
"Evita." Paul Jones and C.T. 
tively , and do nothing to tarnish 

"Evita" is the first work 
Christ Superstar," which was 
record album, the success of 
cert, stage and film versions of 
reaction to the recorded version. 

in a work concerning Eva Peron, 
bogged down by political rhetoric. 

is seen as more of a romantic 
""6"lldJlLlY beautiful " Don't Cry For 

opera. 
Covington, an English songstress of 
seems so critical to the na ture of 

Juan Peron and CIte, respec-
, " 

and Rice together since " Jesus 
"Superstar" first appeared as a 

stage and mm versions. Con-
also being considered based on the 
PageS 

January 30 
730 pm and i .OO pm 
Student Conter Bldg C 

$200 I" 
.. --_~ __ .. infonnation'uI1452-4559 

I rll.1I1I h ... os PageS 

Interview IReview 

Kansas: Art-Rock from the Heartland 
Ted Navin Burke 

StaHWtller 

Five of us - three from the TT, 
and two others from the State 
college Daily Aztec - are standing 
in a self-imposed huddle backstage 
at the Sports Arena, sequestered in 
a comer like kids hJding under a 
blanket. The conversation drifts 
from one item of one upmanship to 
the other ("I once clid coke with 
Larry Coryell ... " , "I just did a 
Starship iqterview ... ") when a 
skinny, frazzled looking cat named 
Mike ushers into the bowels of the 
dressing rooms, where we'r~ to 

'have an audience with Kerry 
Uvgren, and Robbie Steinhardt, 
guitarist and violinist respectively 
from Kansas. The room we enter is 
lined with overly modern chairs 
and couches. 

Uvgren and Steinhardt are 
seated two across on a couch. 
Uvgren plays a Fender guitar and 
smiles a lot while Steinhardt lights 
a Benson and Hedges. The five of 
Us set up our tape recorders and 
begin our allotted twenty minute 
interview slot. 

When I first heard the name 
Kansas, I inunediately assumed 
that they would be a shit kicking 
country rock band. A friend of 
mine forced me to listen to one of 
their albums, though, and I was 
pleasantly surprised. Rather than 
the hated vestiges of rustic excess, 
Kansas turned out instead to be a 
progressive rock band of European 
bent, displaying snappy dynamics, 
classical allusions, and in-
vigorating chord changes that 
bespoke a musical sophistication 
most American bands have 
avoided. 

I mention this experience to 
Livgren and ask if the band's name 
and origin point (everyone Is from 
Kansas) have caused them any 
prejudicial dismissal. Uvgren, 
who writes most of their material, 
laughs and just shrugs. 

"1 can't speak for most people 
who buy records," he says, 
coaxing blues licks from his guitar, 
"but I guess so. Our name hasn't 
really presented that much of a 
problem, l!ecause once people hear 
our music, the name is really 
W1important. The main problem 
was trying to ma~e music in 
Kansas. We had a strong local 
following, but where local bands 
make the steady money is playing 
in clubs, the club owners want the 
standard covers of Top 40 stuff, 
and disco. They didn't know how to 
approach us. We've been together 

a long time, and tbose days in 
Kansas were pretty lean. But 
everybody in the band, though, 
wanted to do more with their 
musical lives than play dance 
music the rest of their lives, so we 
stuck it out. " 

Kansas records for Kirshner 
Records, run by the ignoble Don 
Kirshner, who with his Rock 
Concert television show, has 
become 'one of the most important 
power brokers in pop music. One of 
the dudes from the Aztec asks how 
the band hooked up with hiIp. 

"We had demo tapes on our own 
stuff," says Steinhardt, " and we 
sent copies to publishers and 
record companies all over the 
place. One cat we sent a tape to in 
New York played for someone else, 
who in turn turn¢ Kirshner on to 
it. We auditioned for him, and 
landed a contract on this new label 
he was starting." 

Did he ever pressure you in any 
way? 

"No" says Livgren, "he pretty 
much let us alone." 

"Carry On My Wayward Son," 
from your new album Lef-
toverature, seems to be on it's way 
to becoming a smash. Did he en-
courage you to write a hit? 

" Yeah," says Livgren, "but that 
was more a suggestion than 
anything else . I'm glad to have a 
hit. " 

Do you see Kansas as a vanguard 

In its February issue, Notional Lampoon sets OUt 
to answer a question that has been on everyone's 
mind since November 22. 1963.. , 

WHA91F1 

of a new breed of American band, a 
type concentrating on more 
musically adventurous concepts 
than just the basic boogie 
rudiments? 

Livgren shakes his head. " Not 
really. If there 's a sudden flux of 
rock bands that are more 
musically interesting, then great, I 
hope they do it based on their own 
creativity. If they do it because 
they are influenced by us, then that 
would be the ultimate in flattery. II 

"ll Kansas can act as an en-
couragement for others to make 
better music'; chimes in Robbie, 
"then great. Just so long as 
everyone feels good. Because 
under the intellectual level of our 
music, we want to make everyone 
feel good. The point of music 
shouldn't be competitive, but 
raising the level of consciousness, 
of both the audience and the 
musicians. " 

The band's four albums (Kansas, 
Masque, Song For America, and 
Leftoverature) were all released in 
fairly quick succession over a two 

year period, with most of the 
writing credit going to Livgren. I 
asked him how hard it is to write 
material for each release. 

" The first three albums were 
easy, because we just recorded a 
backlog of songs that we had been 
doing for a long time," he explains, 
" LeUoverature was harder 
because I actually had to write 

materia I for a particular release 
instead of just choosing from the 
old stuff . Most of the ideas were 
done in haste, with the 
arrangement being done more or 
less just before we went into the 
studio. It was pretty much under 
the wire. It came out pretty well, I 
thought. " 

How do you write your material? 
'.'With a cassette tape recorder. 

I'll record an idea, a chord 
progression, an arrangement when 
they come to me when I 'm prac-
ticing either on piano or guitar. It's 
gotten so I can't write a song any 
other way." 

Robbie is in the middle of ex-
plaining what violinists have in-
fluenced him when Mike, who'd 
been sitting to the side, arises and 
clears his throat, signaling the 
interview's conclusion. We pack up 
our tape recorders, exchange hand 
shakes, and file out. 

" Unpretentious guys, don't you 
think." says one of the Aztec 
writers . 

I nodded half heartedly, thinking 

that those two were working on the 
just-plain-folks-ambiance a little 
too hard to be totally palatable. No 
matter. I got in line at the box 
office call window and picked up 
my free tickets. 

It was apparent in concert that 
Kansas has no outstanding in-
strumentalists, but compensated 

Continued on Page 6 

(Ctrn~tJ§ ()r()~r rei 
Friday and Saturday Films 

"'HE MICHl POITER' 
IS IOIIMTIC 
PORIOGIAPIIY .•. 
• _1o ... H* Among 
tho tttm·, .oriout dofinitiom 
0/ --...11. strong 
pre/ ....... 10 do 00' IIoor 
_t most 0"* people would 
do on. c:Il*. able or bed ... 
lO ... t.klnlty_'" 

The Night Porter 
Jan. 28 Friday 

Mandeville Auditorium 
7 P.M. & 9:30 P.M. $1.25 

SPEL1.AL 
SELIION 

Special Section is the 
celebrated film adaption 
of Herve Vil/ere's "The 
Affair of The Special 
Section ," Special 
Section is an analysis of 
man and power, The 
fr ·~nch State, of Its 
1rr~tionality~ Its large 

sc(~ le di play, and of its 
Op,l~esslve machinery. 

~I.I s.ctlon 
J .... 29. s.turd.y 
usa 2722 
7 pm • 9.30 $1 .00 

Tick_ts: St. Cente, 100 Ollic. ONL Y 452· 7551 



• 
.. 

Pap' , ......... , .. ... FrIday, Jaaaary II, 1I'n 

·IT Ri~ON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads I ~~Z~:~ 
style c\erlvea from the hard rock 
mainstream, full of incisive' riffs 

dlell stream of lHe~r~ .. th 
dynam'cs, with some of the 
arrangements meancleriq to the 
poid where the Intricacy ItO lon8er 
Compliments the orlglnalldea, but 
rather dangles from it like a limp 
appendage. Classified RatH 

Student _ • 2' cents 
Personal s • 5() cents 
Lost and Found· free 
Non-student ad. - $1 
Deadline at I pm. two 
days prior to publicatiOn. 
Ads may be submitted 
between 8-10 and t2·2 on 
MWF. 8-11 and 1-3 on TTh. 

Car CoYers. 1 for VW Bug $50; I for Porsche 
911 $60. Call 481-()843 Mark (I 128) 

For sale supergla,s 195cm sklis binding 
11 Mhlking boots parka powder pants books 
459-6284 Rich night (1 12a) 

72 Vega GT hatchback 42.000 miles new 
brakes. trans. 51200 or best offer Call Dee 
753-4990 (I 128) 
Typewriter. Underwood etectric. 15 Inch . 
office desk modet. elite type. Call Greg 453-
1868 (214) 
1976 Honda XL350 e.cellent condition new 
rear tire . chain and sproket SOOOml. '5750 
Steve 452-9790 (I 128) 

Kabuki touring 10 speed staintess steel frame 
atumlnum component. Salmano Deraileur 
pumt plus lock wlcable incld. MinI cond o 
5120 or best offer. Call Marsalt 453-7450 
(1/28) 
Ski boots-Lange Phantoms. Brand newl 
Used once. Worth $160. will Sefl for 590. Call 
755-4259 aft. 6. (2/9) 

Scuba gear·everythlng but tank. regulator. 
gauges . Worth 5350. Will sell for 5200. Call 

75~4259aff. 6 (219) 
23' Gltan Touring bike full 531 . Call aftar 5, 
753-0617. 

Skis 188mm head Hrp's Marker Mk IV blr>-
dings , poles and letrappeur boots 10" 
Excellentcond. tOO .00755-6317 (1/31) 

Honda CB400 76 Supr cond o .tras: 114 
Fairing digital elk ; helmet, trunk, many more 

, $1400Jon 286-4223 (214) 
Honda CB350 e.cellent condition new 
batt ... ies and tune up. 5450 or best offer 
Steve 755-7269 (21 4) 

King sz wat ... bed wi mattress & htr $100 firm 
home & car 8 trac plyr 8 trac tapes 7ft couch 
dresser 453-0797. 

19" Color TV, butch ... btod< table sunbeam 
mlxmast ... mi.er new Call 453-0797 

Crown and throne cheap to next UCSD 
monarch! App licat ions for monarchy 
available on Monday. Info here 

PERSONALs 
Position now open on the Aevelle Committee 
on College Affairs , For Info and applications 
go to RevefleComm . Center (212) 
For S.W.K I'll squeeze you like I do I'm so In 
love w ith you - Bear P,S. Happy 21st FromC 
&C 

Are your clas ... POOr? Tefl me about If. Call 
Andy Schneider 452-4450 

Happy twenty-first birthday skinny from 
Fatty 

Portola Hall o f Matthews campus Is having a 
party on the 28th all Invited. Dancing , 
beverages provided 

Phil Simone; Could you come In to the n 
Ollice and talk to Ran Anbar about the 
monarchy loday at II . 

F House derelicts and veQetarlans - than. for 
the HOT B-day -- it blew me away . -··Third 
Floor IIghweighl. 

Sue l. Welcome to UCSD! We get some nice 
weather for you. I want this 9 Flu N For you . 
Love. B. 

John S. Caught your act on the Gong Show 
last week. Where did you learn to play the 
banjo like that?? 

WANTEd , 
Volunteer tutors needed for low·lncome 
children of La Jolla. 1 arternoon. Mon.-Thu .. 
call45~5281 (IJI28) 
Posit ion now open on Revelle committee on 
College Affairs. Info and applications 
available In Revelle Comm Center (212) 

Applications are now being accepted for Muir 
orientation aids apply through student 
employment (212) 
Nsed child care for 1 0 month old baby Tues: & 
Thurs . morning 224-2651 . (1128) 
Lost: Silver bracelet with orange & white 
stone on rENelle grass much sentimental 
value Reward. Call 222-301 6 

Need extra cash? Paying Top Dollar for U.S. 
sliver coins before 1965. and pennies oeIore 
1959. Ken 755-7371 (3121 

SERViCES 
MEDICAL SCHOOL having placement 
problems for med school? We can help you 
lind a place now In Italy. For information call 
(213) 331-2490 or wri te : MI;,DICAL 
STUDENTS ABROAD 5120 Nearglen Ave, 
Covina. Calif 91724 (3121) 

CAMPBELl· BALLOU typist. Clairemont Sher 
279-1418 (3121) 
Typing· Marilyn would like to lulflll your 
typing needs - expert . reasonable . has an 
IBM. New "27()..6726 (214) 

ASB Special : Unlse. hairstyling 1 12 price 
Ha ircut , shampoo. blow dry. 58,00, Call 459-
8229 for appts. The Hai r Stylist , 7563 Girard 
(3/21) 
Lost unwanted pounds & inches. Healthy & 
easy way to lose weight & kaep It off. Call 
Lynn 481-8290 (3121) 
TYPING: Experienced. dissenations. theses, 
and term papers . Editing AUSH JOBS 560-
8171 . 453-0656. 452" 588 
If you see a light ou t at night , please report It. 
Call utilities trouble 452-2930 
The Aape Task Force needs woman energy! If 
Interested call the Women's Center 452-2023 

Keno pn!SI!I1I S 

SUNDAY JANUARY 30 
•• "ID _ I,· ... 

IlU. IlATi fI[. MD, II.", 1,71, 1.75 11."'" "rN .. ) 
, _ "" ...... ot <1111111_ ... _ '. _ 
~II _ . 110l1li ~'"' .,.... __ OllIe • • 

r. IoofirNIlol CltI ..... I,.. 

and pulverizing attacks, off setting 
the band's more stately classical 
overtenea. Steinhardt's vloUn work 
wasn't of the calibre of a-Jean Luc 

tncome tax preparation. Former tRS agent 
will correctly preper8 your rsturn. Very 
reasonablo r. tas. Catl 272-()667 day or night, 
(1131 ) 

Ponty or stephen GrapeW, but his 
WOMANCARE: Sell-Help Clinic. abortion. sorties were lyrical and in-
birth, annual exams. 1050 Garnet. P.B. 488- telligently ' construct!d, and added 
7591 immeasurably to the textural 

The other chink In the Kansas 
armor was the sound system,' 
rendered much of what they had to 
offer into an Incoherent moraas of 
contrRry soWlds. I bad seen them a 
year ago in Golden Hall, where the 
sound system was cleaner, crisper, 
and presented the more appeaUng 
elements and subtWes of the music 
in a more balanced frame. Par for 
the course for the Sports Arena, 
any ·sensuallty that KaMaS had 
was converted to the level of rape . 

l ___ ._!AIr. fabric. Especially outstanding 
~ • .., were the vocals of keyboardist 

Beach house needs roomate. Directly on 
beach In Mission Beach . Only 595 month. 
Hurry for a room. Dave 488-6227, (1128) 
Roomates share co-ed house. Prefer 
females . Must approolale clean house 
5100lmth own room 753-7621 (t 128) 

2 Fem housemates needed. Own rooms In 4 
BR house, fireplace. yard near bch, fwy . 
S1051mo. 753-7057 Guy (21 4) 

Steve Walsh. Where most British 
art rock units prefer the presence 
of a lead singer wbose tones sound 
emasculated and frequently 
priggish in enunciation, Walsh 
displayed a gut level blues 
orientation that suggested Paul 
Rodgers of Bad Company, with a 
more assured mamer , with a 
farther range , clearer phrasing, 

Female needed for Del Mar apt. S1 I 51 mo. f and free of Roger 's customary grit. 
blk from beach. pool , near coast cruiser 481 - Along "ith Boston 's Brad Delp, 
0758 Walsh stands as one of the out-

Still, Kansas is a relatively 
young band, and will Jioubtlessly 
improve with age, as long as they 
avoid the snooty self -importance 
that makes listening to other prog· 
rock bands more difficult than it 
shoi11d be. I trust that they'll 
eventually hit their mark. 

For rent Own bedroom in spaclous, f u r~ 
nished. 2 bedroom apartment directly above 
ocean. healed pool, quiet, mellow at-
mosphere. Student preferred but fle.ible 
5100. plus share of utilitieS. 436-9850 (214) 

TRAVEL 
EUAOPE. HAWAII and ASIA charter flights . 
BooI< on campusl CIEE Student Travel 
Services . Open M·F 1-5 pm. Cell 452-0630 
(61.12) 

SUPER TRAVEL BARG AINS Spoolalists ih 
the best deal for you .. , Call TMT .452-1981 
(3121) 
EUROPE ISRAEL AFAICA - Student charter 
flights year round ISCA 1609 Westwood Blvd. 
.'03, L.A. Calif . 90024 (213)826-5669, 826-
0955 (3/21) 

S. Pacific on a budget. Tahiti . FIJI. & Samoa. 
21 days. $1099 -- Includes alrtare. all ae-
comodatlons, some meals sightseeing. 
SamoaQ village stay. Free catalog : Good 
Travel Tours , Dept. SO, Box 2866, Oakland. 
CA94618 

LOST ANd fouNd' 
Lost my kays In H S 1330 I 126 177 aft ... noon . 
6 colorful ~ys on ,a red chain, Return to n 
office. 

HELP! I lost an out of print copy of Intlr· 
rned4al. Ausol.n. Please call Don at 436-245S 

Misplaced? Yeflow and navy Pepperdlne 
Unlv. T-Shirt In 5th floor of laund. rm, Tioga 
Hall. Pis call 452-1822 

Lost - Rock & Roll sing ... for serious band 
planning to go pro . Please call 453-6625 for 
audition (tenor) 

Lost: Sliver bracelet with orange & white 
slone on ravelle grass much sentimental 
value. Please call 222-3016 

Lost : One yellow spiral notebook with history 
notes . Call Bart 278-9071 or 452-4636 

Found: Pen on path between USB and 
Revelle Provost Ofc. 1 t 24 collect 

standing American rock singers. 
One of the annoying facets of 

Kansas's music is their insistence 
of making each of their songs a Opening the show was Fresh, 
block buster. Though subbing for the cancelled REO . 
sophistication and complexity are Speedwagon. If you can imagine 
admirable , these must ~ tem- \ BTO without joy, you have this 
pered with some restraint. Instead band. Their perfonnance was 
of breaking up the pace of their set predictable, simple, and workman 
with more moderate numbers, the like, the epitome of the opening 
audience is besieged with an en- act. 

State of the Arts._ 
[Continued from Page 4] 

dresse r (who happens to also sleep with the executive producer and star 
of the film ) smacks of obvious sexism perpetuating typical bigoted at-
titudes pervading the Hollywood scene. Hollywood has crossed the color 
line with sympathetic treatment of blacks (CARWASH, SOUNDER) but 
women are either mothers, or tits and ass ; and God forbid a movie 
presents a lesbian or a gay male in a positive light. Fag jokes still per· 
meate modern movies, Try' to name two women stars who have had 
major roles in a movie where they weren't stabbed, raped, stripped 
naked, shown to be idiots or all of the above. , 

COrporate Hollywood is still an exclusive club, ridiculing non-
members. Right now white males have let in the blacks (too much money 
would have been lost otherw~u. Non-males are still empty-headed 
clowns and or psychopaths explaining why a movie like A ST Aft IS 
BORN has had reams of paper (mostly negative and a lot of times written 
be.fore the movie was released) wrapped around it. As ·someone ex-
pressed on a talk-show recently, " If a man had made the movie he would 
have been hailed as the new Orson Welles." 

To conclude, I believe the movie industry is suffering from creative 
sterility . Mucho money is spent on remaking fonnerly successful films of 
the past. I am not arguing against the re-make, just as I wouldn 't be in 
favor of censorship; hear me out, enough is enough! We are drowning in 
awash of Hollywood nostalgia : GABLE AND LOMBARD, w.e. FIELDS 
AND ME, on and on. Turkeys should be reserved for Thanksgiving and 
Christmas. 

O' 'Big Brothl!rt' has arrived and we are being subjected to thought 
control, let's at least make sure it's damn good and entertaining. 
Remember the fall of Madame Mao (Chaing Ching), the cultural arbiter 
of Chinese entertainment and media. The Chinese got bored watching 
TIlE RED DETACHMENT OF WOMEN two hundred times a year; so no 
more Madame Mao! 

Hollywood please clean up your act and use the untapped talent that is 
not represented by either Sue Mengers or the William Morriss Agency. 

ANNOUNCE~ENTS 
SKIERS!! Ski Mammoth Feb. 4-6. Includes: 

external 
affairs ••• 

Iransp .• food, lodging w i sauna; lacuzzl. etc. 
On)y 534 9aI1453-9370 

Speling 
... Regents run the university. Are there student problems 
and issues which should be brought to the Regents? T he 
San Diego campus representative to the Student B ody 
Pres idents council (SBPC) can testify at Regent meetings 
on your behalf . 

*informat ion and politica l res ourses are available , 
Contact campu s c oordinator , Andy Schneider 452-
4450 . 

Are you concerned about getting a student loen and the 
high cost of attending UC San Diego. The U C Lobby 
works for student legislative ection in Sacramento. 

-.nformetion end poIitIc8l ,..ourcea.,. .v .... bIe . • 
, Contact cempua coordln.tor. Andy Schneider 482-
4480. 

. . 

(C PS )--Everyone knows 
students can't read or write as well 
as they used to, but what about 
spelling? Has the often Byzantine 
art of s pelling the English 
language gone the way of 
McGuffey's Reader? 

Marygrove College in Detroit 
thinks so, and in response It has 
started a class in spelling that 
quickly became so popular it Is 
now offered as a correspondence 
course. " We get calls from all over 
the country," says Marygrove 
teacher Karen Halet. 

The Marygrove course employs 
the phoneUc method ~ leaming u 
oppoaed to the memory method, in 
which atudenta IPou& 011"'" belen 
" e" acept after "c" but fOl1et 
how to spell .. MI .... ""'," . 

PIMInet~ Itade.. look at the 
wardI and ,.,.t It. "It mMei 
them feel mare comfortable," 
Haletexplalna . 

tritoa times .. 

Tritons Downed by SDEC Volley 

RetLm m the Dunk. Thank You 
Despite the sulHniserable record of this year's UCSD basketball team, 

there has been one item of potential action, reinstated into college 
basketball this season, that has kept my attention focused on even the 
most forlorn Triton thrashing. 

It!:! as if cigarette commercials were allowed back on television and 
sitting through three hours of prime-time All In The Good Time Charlie's 
Angels Happy Day Dreck in hopes of seeing just one of those Virginia 
Slim babies come a long way once again .' 

At any moment of any UCSD game, the most impressive , the most 
seMational, the most electrifying, the most sensuous, the most 
superlative, superlative , superlative, the most demonstrative play in 
basketball can again take place. 

You see, sports fans , prohibition has been repealed . The dunk is legal in 
college basketball once more ! 

••••• 

In 1968 NCAA honchos decided to outlaloY dunking. It seems that with ' 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, then Lew Alcindor, threatening to turn college 
basketball into a one-man show, officials thought that by forbidding 
players to simply reach up and shove the ball through the basket, the 
effects of UCLA's and other school's big men might be minimized, 

"Make 'em shoot it in like everyone else," the gray-haired tradition-
bound rulesmakers cried. 

illustration by Mark Robb 

It was like saying Koufax shouldn 't be able to use his fastba ll, Nickla us 
his driver, Brando his cigarettes . 

But the new rule did little if anything to limit the effectiveness of 
Jabbar or any other good big basketball players. All it did was take away 
some of their, and the fans, fun . 

••••• 

The dunk is to basketball what the homerWl is t o baseball; the bomb is 
to football ; the one-punch knockout is to boxing. It will arouse the most 
frigid crowd, and , if rammed home in a tight game before a body-te-body 
throng of excited hometeam fans, a good dunk won't leave a d ry seat in 
the house. 

It is the Big Play. 
••••• 

The dunk, like any thing else that turns people on, has had all kinds of 
other names given to it. Some call it the "slam dunk." That has been 
shortened to the "slammer". It is called a " stuff", a " jam", "rim-
wrenching", " The Big Dip", " packing the bacon", and just plain "two! II 

The rules define a dunk as any shot that is released from a hand or 
hands inside of an imaginary cylinder that extends upwards from the rim 
oftbe basket. 

I just call it "WHOOOOSH ! II 
••••• 

It used to be that a ' dunk was just a dunk. The trick was simply to hold 
the basketball in one hand and get it high enough above the rim to throw 
or push it through the hoop, IT you were exceptionally tall, or a great 
leaper, you might use bOth hand<; to shove it through. V~ry SimDle. 

But all that has changed. Nowadays every basketball player worth his 
weight in scholarship funds or bonus money can execute a simple dunk. 
With players getting bigger and bigger and stronger and more agUe ; with 
their increaSing emphasis on style rather than mere production ; with 
minds that have been turned on to a variety of dilierent consciousness; 
with the knowledge that they are not just members of groups of athletes 
trying to outscore other tearIll7, but, instead, individual perfonners, 
entertainers, putting on .a show for the folks that contribute to their 
favo rite char ity: i.e., their scholarshlp on their paycheck; with all these 
features as a pa rt of today's basketball players, the dWlk has evolved out 
of its humble original forms and progressed Into advanced stages of 
Dunkus Maximus, or, as some see it, to the level of That One's For You. 

Coatlnued on Page 8 

DaveCoben 
StaR Writer 

UaiD's men's volleyball team 
lost the fifth and deciding game to 
drop a match against San Diego 
Evening College here at the UCSD 
Gym, Tuesday night. The final 
game was the only one that was 
close in a match which saw both 
squads take turns wiMing lopsided 
games. 
--

TT Photo: Shanno Aikman 
Rich Monroe [10] and Stan Tamaki 
block a SDEC spike . 

League play doesn't begin Wltil 
next week. "Right now we're 
trying to play the toughest tearns 
we can, gaining experience," says 
coach AI Jancsi. The Tritons play 
San Diego State here on Tuesday, 
Feb. 1. 

Tuesday's match started weD 
enough for the Tritons, as they 
jumped out to an early l~ lead. 
But SDEC came back to score 10 
Wlanswered points to win the game 
15-10. UCSD's major weakness was 
from its front blocking. They were 
continuously hurt when the EC 
men would lob rather than spike 
the ball over their outstretched 
anns. 

In the second game, the Tritons' 
front line completely controlled the 
game. Grea t sets by Steve Upp and 
Stan Tamaki, followed by powerful 
spikes from Phil Melese and Rich 
Munroe , won the game for the 

Tritons Break 
Tie to Win 
Season's Third 

If only there were more 
Ambassador Colleges ... 

The UCSD varsity basketball 
travelled to Pasadena Tuesday and 
defeated Ambassador College for 
the second straight time this 
season. It was tbe Tritons third win 
of the year, their first s ince 
December 11, whep they outscored 
the same Ambassador team . 
, The victory raised the Triton's 

season record to 3-15. 
It wasn' t easy. 
At the e nd or regulation play, the 

two tearns were tied, 73-73. But in a 
high-scoring overtime period, 
UCSD outran the home team to 
take the contest, 86-82. 

Freslunan center Mark Runyan 
led the Tritons with 20 points. Lee 
Gardner scored 19, Ken Melvin had 
17, and Bob Frazier added 16. 

The Tritons will be on the road 
this weekend, pla ying at Southern . 
California College tonight a nd then 
travelling to the Bay area where 
they will go agamst <..:a I :state 
Hayward and St. Mary's College. 

!ooMiiUNiTYI tBL()()D~ Ski Mammoth 
, ' ; 983lndl. . , 
( 327 F Street . f 
t PAYSDONOBS ( 
, tor Service i 
( Mon .• Fri . t 
, 23S-5411 ( 
, 234·4601 
............................. --.. ..................... ~ ...... .£ 

.ncludes 

• Lodg'n" [In condominium UI / Sauno, Jocuzzl, Flreploce, 1V, 
KI.'clten .. not In dorm.1] 
I BreakJa. t. " Dlnne, 

Februa ry 4-6 Only $34 ,00 CALL 4Sg-93 70 

Tritons 15-2. 
In the third game, with front 

liners Scott Burke and Melese 
rejecting spikes right and left, the 
Tritons enjoyed a 15-5 victory. 

The fourth game started with the 
Tritons tired. Melese would oc-
casionally spark things with a 
superb spike or a great save. 
However, SDEC carne out with 
their backs to the wall a nd played 
like trapped wolves. Their spikes 
were overpowering. Eventually 
they overcame the Tritons, 15-4. 

SDEC had the momentum going 
into the deciding game, They ran 
off to a 1G-3 lead. The Tritons of-
fense was tight. They were playing 
conservatively while EC wa s loose, 
With the action sagging off the net, 
the front line lost control of the 
game. Still th~ Tritons hWlg on. 
When they brought the score back 
to 11-9 it looked as if they might 
pull it out. The Tritons scored two 
more times but it wasn't enough as 
the game ended with the final 
score, 15-11. 

I~I~~()~I~S 
Ill()ll3ll 

1\111< 1<()~III§()f) 

So what if the Harlem Globetrotters are in town tonight. Why spend 
the money to see them play basketball when there are even funnier 
teams to watch in intramw-al bask~tball? The problem with the 
Globetrotters is that they win all the time. Have you eYe!' seen a team 
play to entertain but couldn't win a basketball game if their life 
depended upon it ? So, if it is entertainment yO\l want, came out on 
Wednesday nights at 9 and watch the team of N<YI' BASKETBALL 
play at the game. 

The name of the team in itself is very descriptive of the taMMs of the 
members. Watching them, you know they are better sWted te play on 
the football field, the baseball diam ond, on the temis court, the 
volleyball court, anywhere but trying to throw a ball through a hoep 10 
feet in the air. It 's not that they don't try, they do. They give 110 per' 
cent during each game, but the never get any breaks, or baskets for 
thaWnatter. 

If you take an inside look a t the individuals that make "P the team, 
you might find some clues as to why the team has been beaten twice 
already this year . 

At center is Steve S. (last names won't be used to protect the guilty ). 
Now Steve is a marvelous athlete when it comes to doing things like 
catching a football or playing shortstop. But unfortWlately he doesn't 
seem to know the difference between a free throw and a layin. But he 
is the team's leading scorer, averaging about 7.5 points per game. He 
got 13 of the team's 22 points in his first outing but managed only two 
points in his second game. 

At this point I would nonnally start looking for forwards or guards, 
but in the case of this team no one is forward enough or guards well 
enough to be called one. 

The second leading scorer on the team is Jim L. Jim is averaging 
five points a game. He got two in his first game, then eight of the 
team's 16 this last Wednesday. Jim would score more iIhe were sitting 
in an innertube playing water polo, but unfortunately for him, the gym 
can't be flooded everytime he plays. 

Then there is Charlie M_ Charlie hasn't scored this season, on or off 
the court. But the only court Charlie belongs in is traffic court for all 
the travelling he does. Charlie is a volleyball player by training and as 
of yet Charlie hasn't been able to either set a basket or spike one . 

Rick P. is another of those multi-sport stars, but one of them isn't 
Continued on Page 8 

COPIES 
311. , No '/2 M :~, mLJm 
l~O~ 1 2 Rosecrans 224 ·1323 

~188 College Ave . 287 ·6188 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES tin 

HYPNOSIS 
DICK RAKOW 281 -4586 



[CoDtiDued from 1] 
Anyone Else Who Thinks They're A Badder Basketball 

! 

••••• 

anymore to simply dWlk the basketball. You have to put 
your Self int Give It your heart and your soul. Let everyone know 
where you're eoming from, and where you are going. 

So when a layer dribbles the length of the court; begins his ascent at 
the freethrow line; pumps the ball once, twice, over his head then below 
his waist, over his head then below his waist, both hands wrapped around 
the leather sphere; at the same time his body easing slowly through a 
casual half-tum until he can no longer see the basket; then, when the 
apex of the jump has already been long since passed and it is air-time, not 
heighth or distance, that is becoming amazing, graVity only now finally 
gaining back some credibility; then just, WH()()()ooH! ! ! ; and for a split-
second the player is frozen in mici-air, defying for an instant even 
Newton's number one force, hanging on the rim just long enough to take 
in his teammates, his opponents, the coaches, the referees, the crowd, the 
crowd! and anyone else that might be looking on; when a basketball 
player does It, and you see It, you perceive It as more than just another 
two points. 

It's what the boys back home call A Good Shot. 

Everyone's B~bIe. .. ' 
[Continued from 1] 

basketball . He and Steve S. team up well on the football field , and Rick 
would be right at home in a flooded gym with Jim L. Rick is sporting a 
4.5 scoring average, but I don't know if it's for basketball. 

Steve C. is known more for his pretty girlfriend than for his talents 
on the court. Hasn 't scored all season, at least not on the basketball 
court. But he keeps on trying. He was hurt last week but came back to 
play again this week. The team wouldn't go to such lengths to have 
someone more talented to play in his place (as there can't be any 
worse) . -

And last but not least, Steve U. Without a team when the 
SCHWABBY VEES decided to play " A" League. Steve U. is definitely 
not " A" League caliber and like many of the other members of the 
team probably not of "c" League caliber either. Steve U. has ripped 
the nets for a one point per game average. 

NOT BASKETBALL, is certainly not the best 1M basketball team 
you ever saw, but it may be one of the most unique. It is a team like 
this that exemplifies what the intramural prograru is all about . 
Playing, having fun, and enjoying the game, win or lose. And being 
able to laugh about it over a beer or two afterwards. 

: .................... , 
• caRIP • 
: kOl118roff : 
• a jewish resident camp at lake arrowhead • 
• interviews will be held at san diego state for • 
• counselors , specialists , supervisors , kitchen • 
• and maintenance staff • 
• thursday feb . 3 and friday feb . 4 . • 
• go to san diego state's career • 
• planning and placement for an appointment. • 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Discount 

Photographic Supplies 

Darkrooni 
Supplies 

Expert Service Quality Equipment 

Bob Davis Canll'ra Shop 
--1- Lt\ • I d 1."la 1-, '1-7 ;-).1 

. ******************** 

Queen ... 
(Conbaeel from Pate C] 

hardness intrinsic to the play. 
There is a bitterness in the air-

the queen must die. She must be 
blamed for the poverty and suf-
fering. She must pay. And yet the 
queen is not the proud woman in 
the fine clothes, (eleganUy 
designed by Donna Couchman) but 
a being stripped of all dignity and 
power. After seven years of hiding 
from the rebels she is nothing more 
than a weak and cowering peasant 
woman, (sensitively played by 
Rozsa Julianna Horvath). And the 
other woman who behaves so 
regally? 

She is Argia, a hardened 
prostitute who seeks out her lover 
for help. Ironically it is she who 
shows true dignity, obtaining a 
respect she had never received in 
her lifetime. She finds the com-
passion to save the real queen by 
taking her place. And she also finds 
the courage to stand up for her 
rights as a hwnan being. The 
shame, the abuse and the injuries 
she has endured during her 
lifetime are 'cried out with rage to 
her captors. 

Kandis Chappell is stunning as 
Argia . The pride, the hurt, and the 
dignity are expressed poignantly-
she gives a royal performance. 
And James Ashton is dynamic as 
Amos, one of her chief captors. His 
booming, resonant voice com-
mands attention. Both Chappell 
and Ashton possess electrifying 
presence in their encounters. Their 
embittered speeches start to grate 
on the nerves as the play carries 

....... "......,11, 1177 

Ja mes Ashton portrays the leading role of a revolutionary leader in-
te rrogating a traveler. Kandls Chappell. in his search for the deposed queen 
in the Ugo Betti Italian drama "The Queen and the Rebels " now playing at 
the Carte r Centre Stage . adjacent to the Old Glove Theatre in Balboa Park. 

on, however their intensity com-
pels one to endure with rapt at-
tention. 

us." Someone had to be blamed. It 
is difficult to experience this 
drama without feeling drained in 
the end-no mercy is shown to 

As one senses from the begin- either characters or audience. And 
ning, there's no hope for Argia-her yet '!be Queen and the Rebell offer 
lover, Raim (Martin Henry) some fine performances and a 
betrays her, the queen is gone, no . gripping story that shouldn't be 
one will stand up for her. But she missed. It touches on something 
defends herseli ably and faces her everyone needs-respect. Argia 
end with pride and hope. She sums it up : "I think there comes a 
becomes a somebody and exits like time when the only thing to do is to 
a true queen. stand up and say ... Why do you 

Betti's play concerns people insult me like this? And my God, 
judging other people . And the why have I allowed you to? ... You 
victim's fate rests on the final take advantage of an immense 
verdict-guilty as charged. The mistake, a monstrous delusion! 
peasants, the travellers, and even Respect me! Show me respect! ... 
the porter turn on her. "Yes ... - Respect ... because I am ... the 
everything she did ... bumiliated Queen!" 

Bugliosi and "Helter Skelter". • • 
[Continued from 3] 

Bugliosi emphatically says there's 
"no chance of his getting out." 
Bugliosi hopes, and sees it likely, 
that "he'll never get out." 

before had lived on vegetables 
thrown out in supermarkets, and 
had bouts with diseases and rotting 
teeth. Now the women are at a 
prison Bugliosi called a " college 
campus with barbed wire," where 
they can play tennis, paint and be' 
treated to almost anything but 
freedom. Bugliosi emphatically 
said, " If you can do what those 
people did, and improve your 
standard of living, then 
something's wrong." 

members of the press, walked up to 
Gerald Ford with a gun and fired. 

As an experienced and polished 
speaker, Bugllosi was able to 
continually interest the audience, 
combining asides, quips, utter 
seriousness and the horror of the 
whole affair into a penetrating two 
hours. Currently he is working to 
reopen the investigation of the 
Robert Kennedy assasination, 
citing to the audience several facts 
which pointto a " second gun." 

Bugliosi handed out a few in-
dictments on his own, directing his 
barbs as such things as the prison 
system and some police 
procedures. He pointed out that 
Manson had been " behind bars" 
for 17 of his 32 years, and in that 
time had been interviewed only 
briefly by three psychiatrists. 
When he was released from prison 
in March of 1967, he pleaded for 
them not to let him go, "not to send 
him from home." 

Bugliosi, in private law practice 
now, no longer employs Euita 
bodyguards to protect himself. He 1J, ..... 

[Continued from 5] 
"They beat the Rap" 

More to the point, Bugliosi 
simply said, " They beat the rap." 
He pointed out that the family 

spoke of how no one could "really 
be safe," citing how Lynette 
Fromme, in broad daylight, I As with most commercial 
wearing a flaming red robe and ventures, the big question is 
cape, noticed and identified by whether or not the product will be a 

remarkable one. Will " Evita" 
stand on its own merits or will it 
fade into the oblivion of the fifty 
cent used record rack? The people 
who listen to Kiss and Aerosmith 
will undoubtedly be unimpressed, 

"Hustler" toChallenge"Time'" 
(ZNS)-Larry Flynt, the publisher of Hustler Magazine l has decided 

to challenge Newsweek and Time in the news magazine field. 
1."lynt has announced plans to publish a new magazine by this 

sununer called The Rebel. The controversial publisher says that The 
Rebel will rely on news stories written by correspondents he will hire 
away from the TV networks and the major weekly news magazines. 
The news stories, Flynt says, will be interspersed with sex stories and 
nude photos. 

Hustler has been unequalled in its publishing success. The 
magazine's profits last year were $13 million (dollars), and its cir-
culation ~rew by 457 percent to 2.5 million copies. 

but then they're too busy 
walking/talking this way and 
partying every day. 

"Evita" should be a success with 
the more sophisticated music 
listeners, (you know, the onew with 
functioning brains.) At best it is a 
timely, moving saga of a woman's 
rise from obscurity to immortality . 

tATI'ENll0N!! a -
~ 'Muir ~ 

TIE 
TRilDI liMES 

IS LOOII. FOR 
IFEW_ 

B_. t Winter ~ Quarter ~ 
Gi duates ~ 
If I OU have not had a Final Degree C heck and you 
intend to graduate at the end of Winter Quarter, 1977, 
please see Trudy Lord in the Muir Provost' s Office * * 

* . * t IMMEDIATEIJY!! a 
******************** 

or women to serve 
on the Triton 's new Dynamic 

Sales For e . 
f-i::~;·----------------------il 

name age __ 
I I I addre s I 
I ! 'Iephone I 

! triton-times ! I " .. - I I Call Gary between 9:00 and 12 at 4S2-3466 I ____________________ ________ J 


