
New Dog laws 
... -

Keep Fido 
At Bay 

By John Compton 
Staff Writer 

Attention all dog owners! 
UCSD will adopt and enforce a 
new, stricter dog control policy 
starting May 2nd, Environmental 
Health and Safety announced last 
week. All UCSD faculty, staff and 
students must comply with the 
new regulations to avoid the 
following enforcement procedures, 
it was aMounced. 

Any dog "at large" whose owner 
is not within its vicinity will be 
seized and taken to the San Diego 
County Department of Animal 
Control (1104 Azusa Street). The 
owner must pay them twenty 
dollars for his dog's return and if 
no one claims the dog after five 
days it will be put to death. 

If the owner is around he will be 
informed of the new policy and 
can be issued a citation, ' or his 
name may be taken and kept on 
record at the Vice-chancellor of 
student affairs' office. 

All dogs that do not meet the 
following regulations will be 
considered "at large": " any dog 
on campus must be under the 
direct control of a person capable 
of controlling and actually co& 
trolling ' the dog by me~ of a 
hand held leash not exceeding six 
feet" (sec. II, part A of The New 
Regulations.) . 

The new policy also states that 
the dog must have a county or city 

Continued on Page' 

Referendum Related 
Court Motion Denied 

By Paul Watry 
Staff Writer 

The State Superior Court Monday denied a motion by undergraduates 
Vic Bloomberg and Montgomery Reed to put a temporary halt to the 
student referendum. 

The injunction, which blocked today's election, was brought by 
Bloomberg and Reed because of various alleged Election Code 
violations during last quarter's referendum. Accusations included the 
~ failure of mailing to each student a referendum handbook, failure of 

~ candidates to file a financial statement and the failure of poll watchers 
~ to require identification of undergraduates. 
cD Also, it was suggested that the Communications Board failed to make 
2 sure the referendum was covered properly. ~ The case was brought against Chancellor McElroy, Vice-chancellor 
1= and Dean of Student Affairs, George Murphy, Elections Board co-

COlllpllance with the new dog control policy would've prevented this dog coor~in~tor Andy Sclmeider and the UCSD Elections and Com-
from spending lime behind bars and saved his owner $20. mUnlcations Boards. " Must Show Cause" 

ASUCSD Voting Begins Today 
Three-Day Polls Open lOam - 3pm at -Six Locations 

UCSD is girding itself for the 
first ASUCSD elections since 1971, 
with 24 candidates seeking nine 
executive positions in voting which 
begins today and extends to 
Friday. 

In addition, students are con-
fronted with eight issues on which 

For more election coverage, see 
pages 5 and 6. 

to express their opinions. The 
issues-which are non-binding on 
decisionmakers- range from the 
revised recreation center proposal 
to a question asking whether 
Chancellor McElroy should wear a 
bunny suit and present himself for 
student queries once a week. (A 

complete list of the questions was 
in the Triton Times, April 13. ) 

Dan Almour, Anthony Gonzales, 
Steve Grady, Jeff Leifer and Andy 
Schneider are the presidential 
candidates. F>auline Breeden, Phil 
Isaac, Barry Lehmer, Scott 
McBride, Mark Sindler and Jolm 
Thickstun are running for vice-
president. 

Candidates, continued 

elections commissioner posts. 
Polling places are located at the 

Revelle plaza, Muir quad, Third 
plaza, Fourth campus and at the 
Main Gym steps. The polls will be 
open at least from 10 am to 3 pm 
and be attended by volunteers 
from the college governments. 

Second Election 
If no candidate for any office 

receives 50 percent of the vote, a 
runoff between the two leading 
vote-getters is scheduled for May 3 
and 4. In addition, at that time 
students will vote for ASUCSD 
council members and new college 
council govenunents. 

Judge Levitt denied the motion, 
stating that he would not 
accept the temporary restraining 
order. But he also stated that the 
University must answer the 
allegations made by Bloomberg 
and Reed. The University must 
also show cause why the results of 
the referendum should be im-
plemented. 

Though the temporary _ 
restraining order was denied, a 
hearing will be held shortly in the 
future no sooner than Friday, May 
6th, according to David Ernst, 
Assistant to the Chancellor and co-
coordinator of the Elections 
Board. 

Ernst stated in an interview 
yesterday that the University of 
California will fight the case. "We 
will refute the points of law in the 
petition and the allegations. In 
terms of the election, we are going 
to move forward." 

SCientist Goes to ~verest; 
Finds "Nice Piece of Snow" 

Candidates for conunissioner of 
academic affairs are Brad 
Drexler, William Friedman and 
Laura Kerl. External affairs 
commissioner hopefuls are Bob 
Drapeau and Mike Keeler. Jon 
Bekken and Fred Smith are vying 
for the public relations post. 
Michael Bailey and David Eisen 
are candidates for commissioner 
of communications. 

David Solitaire is the sole 
candidate for program board 
chair and Jim Atkins is running 
alone for activity fee board chair. 
No one applied for the ap-
pointments and evaluations or 

Also on the ballot at that time 
will be candidates for com-
missioners of appointments and 
evaluations and elections. The 
deadline for applications for the 
May 3-4 election is next Monday. 

There is a $50 limit on spending 
by each candidate. Candidates 
must file complete statements of 
how they spent their campaign 
funds by Friday afternoon. 

Ernst also stressed that the 
failed motion to restrain the 
referendum will have absolutely 
no effect on today's AS election. It 
will proceed as originally planned. 
" The only thing that would 
possibly be affected would be the 
college representatives to the 
associated students." 

by Joel C. DOll 
Associate New. Editor 

When a scientific investigator 
devises an experiment, the 
actual work usually goes no 
further than the confines of a 
cramped research laboratory. 

The fastidiousness by which 
scientists maintain their 
" controlled" conditions allows 
optimal results and the 
assurance that similar data can 
be achieved in successive 
experiments. 

So when Chris Chandler, a 28-
year-old physician from 
SeaUle, decided to study 
changes in physiology at high 
altitudes, he knew that very 
few scientists would be able to 
repeat the physical conditions 
of his "laboratory" en-
vironment. 

Chandler simply decided to 
run a few physiological ex-
periments on the top of Mt. 
Everest with, of course, a little 
assistance from a group of 
fellow climbers and hundreds 
of Nepali and Sherpa pack 
carriers and guides. 

Chandler, in a UCSD School 
of Medicine lecture Friday 
titled "An A8cent of Everest," 
admitted, however, that his 
primary Interest in the trip wu 
the actual climb itself. His 
previous mourUlneering ex-
perience included climbs in the 
North and South American 
continents and an ucent of Ml 
McKinley, the tqheat peak in 
the US. He had allo pIl'-

ticipated in climbing ex-
peditions in the European Alps. 

Speaking to an audience of 
240 in a medical school lecture 
auditorium Friday, Chandler 
narrated a prepared slide 
presentation of the climb. 

A Bicentennial Event 
At an expedition cost of over 

$200,000 supported in part by 
grants from Columbia 
Broadcasting System (CBS) 
and the Associated Press (AP), 
Chandler and his party of 
climbers arrived in the East 
Asian country of Nepal in early 
1976 with the official title of 
"Bicentennial Mt. Everest 
Expedition Team." 

With ISO pounds of medical 
supplies, seven tons of 
prepackaged food and eight 
tons of equipment, Chandler 
and his team of 12 climbers, 
scientists and physicians, 
travelled in caravan style 
through the mystical city of 
Katmandu on their journey to 
the base of the Himalayan 
range. 

Their expedition included 
correspondents and 
photographers from CBS, AP 
and National Geographic 
Magallae, although only three 
members would actually climb 
to the summit of Everest. 

Through the leech-infested 
forests and lush green valleys, 
the expedition made its way to 
the main bale camp, where the 
bulk of the supplies woUld 

CeaUnaed .. Pap .1 

Continued on Page 5 

Health Care Seminar Last Week 

Partial Health Plan No Answer- Corman 
by Dait St. Claire Bacon 

Staff Writer 

Twenty-five to thirty years ago 
m~ical insurance was geared 
only for hospitalization. Now it 
includes doctor's fees, and yet 
many people still can't meet the 
cost of health care. "The role of 
the government so far has been in 
the way of assisting two groups of 
people. It leaves out big chunks of 
the population with no protection 
against high medical cost at the 
time the doctor bill arrives." 

This was part of the keynote 
address given by Congressman 
James Corman (D-Californta) at 
the health symposium held last 
Thursday at - The School of 
Medicine. Corman is co-author of 
the Kennedy-Corman health 
security bill and member of the 
House Ways and Means Com-
mittee. Among the others at the 
symposium were Stewart Altman, 
Assistant secretary of Health Care 
Planning at the Department of 
Health, Education and Welfare 
under the Ford Administration, 
and Sanford Wiener, professor at 
UC Berkeley. 

The Uree men agreed that 
sometIIinC oucIa to be done with 
the current ~ care situation in 
America. Cannan and Altman 
said it time fot the IOvern-

ment to step in. Corman stated 
that health care just didn't fit into 
the free enterprise system and 
"when you have something that 
doesn't fit we ought not to be 

hesitant to utilize government to 
provide that ~rvice." 

Ahman, however, felt that the 
government should not go 10 far as 
to provide health care as a aer-
vice, but should pa s la" 

regulating hospital budgets. He 
introduced the idea of a step by 
step change, emphasizing the first 
crucial step, a prospective budget 
for hospitals. Altman stated that, 

" we ought to take thallflep, see if 
we can digest it and tben go to t.~ 
next tep and see if we n put 
together a financing act.". lie 
added that this step will be 
debated this ton in Co~ress. 

Continued oa Paae II 

.... 



..... 

TT ~UCSD Endorsements 
~ HaIUd allDeen.t, we ........ Pre.ldent: . Be...... .... ...... t r.r WI efftee. :............. ...... ....... 
COmmlulcD.r of Academic 1. Rec Center: ,. 
AffaIN: BratI Dnlder 2. UC BerUley houIIaI: _ 
CommAuioner of Edemal 3. UC weapons~: ,. 
AffaIrs: MIte Keeler 4. Alcoholic beve ..... : ,. 
Public ReIaUons Director: _ 5. Activity Fee uses: JU 
.... ,...... 6. "z" grading polley: .. 
CommAuioner of Student 7. ASU~ constitutional con-
Welfare: _eadenemeat vention: DO . 
Commissioner of Com- 8. ChaaceUor -and bunny suit: 
munlcations: Becaule .f • 'yea ...... t be ...... , •. 

President Schneider 
Couidered .. a gnap, tbe Unt AlUCSD pruldeadal eaadlda ... 

lis yean are ..,t a wry impressive 101. Meat of tbem eHber bave .. 
grasp OIl die Importaat illaes ladDC UC or JIll eoaeeptloll of bow * 
Unlvenlty worb. KIlowledie of the laues wit ... equal eompeteDce .. 
the Ualvenlty's operatloa, or vice vena, Is nest to. worthleu. 

One candidate, thoup, combines bowledge ., &be IulleS and the 
unlvenlty bureaucracy. Audy SclmeIder h .. demoustratecl, both .. bill 
experleace in student loverament aDd in his eampatp, that he ... 
dentaDds the Important laues. He reaUze. tile aiae UC eampua mast 
band tolether to bring OPpolitloD to the UC Ubrary ReorpJdzatIDD 
Plan. He beUeves studeDt partlclpatioa In tbe ataDaIemellt of ltudeat 
financial and academic affaln should be incraleCl. He 1UIdentaDdl tH 
importaace of involvement III the statewide are .. aud ., a f1mctloDiq 
UC Student Lobby annex bere. 

But Schneider's poIitions on tbe Issues does not really dlstlDlaisb him 
from bis opponeD1s. What does set bim apart Is his experience in student 
govenunent. 

Scbnelder bas ,worked in Sacramento .. a studeDt lobby intern aDd 
was instrumental in securing funds for TbJrd CoUe,e, Step Two. He 
headed the Student Coepentlve UDiou branch that dealt with statewide 
politics. He bas served on task forces dealing with affinDatlve act .... 
and academic mallen. He knows 88 mllCb 88 any UCSD studeot about 
the areane Inner workings of the Univenlty. 

Like aU candidates for poUUcal office be bas overprolllised In his 
campaign, trying to appear as all things to all people. He bas tried to 
avoid controversial issues, preferrblg to concentrate oa matten 
favorable to him. 

But we cannot reaDy hold tbis against him. He bas DDt dODe anytbJ.ng 
Illegal or even unethical. He just waols to win. We do-not blame him for 
thal 

The Triton Times urges you to vote for Andy SchDelder for ASUo)D 
President. 

Vote. 
PoUtical scientists agree on several factors that increase voter 

turnout III an election. These facton include: IdentUlcatloo with a 
political party [which thea serves as a sbor1cDt voten ase wbeD COD-
slderlng candidates or Issues; ] election informatioD whleb Is easDy 
attainable; and easy access to tbe polls. 

Last month's student governmeDt refereDdum bere bad only the latter 
factor in its favor: there was DO vote reglstratioa reqoJred and polls 
were open for three days. But voten bad DO easy labels to apply to tile 
questions. There was, of course, no televisloa advertising, whlcb Is the 
cheapest form of poUUcal information, requiring no real eHort OIl tbe 
voter's part. 

Despite tbis, turnout for the referendum for 33 percent, an astounding 
figure when considered in this framework. Thirty-three percent is a 
higher turnout than many elections in whicb aU three factors are 
present. 

Now, the campus is confronted with aoother election, to select tbe 
executive officers of tbe new ASUCSD. Sloee any govenunent is oolyas 
good as the people who run it, a hlgb tunwut Is once again Important. . 

Talk to the candidates. Read Monday's election supplement. Think 
about tbe election. Vote. It's your governmeDt. 

UC San Diego 
Unsigned I! ilorials represent a majority opinion of the Triton Times 
Editorial Po rd. which is composed of Executive editor David Eisen . 
Managing e~itor Mark Stadler. News editor Alan Russell. Statewide 

editor Alec ' Nedelman. Production manager Shauna Stokes and 
Assistant f'.\a aging ~J lvr (tan I\nb2lr All 5Iqned lUatertal and artwork 
represent t:,e author's opinion and do not necessartly reflect the views of 
the Triton : 1 es. 

I 
The Triton TIIn86 Is published by UCSO student. as tile oUlel.1 student new.~. 

Pvbl ic:atlon IJ on Mondays, Wedneed~. "'d Friday. during Ihe l1Igul. ICtIoQl _ 
(excep1 on ollicial holidays), Editorial and business ofllces .re located In the Student 
Center lit Ihe Vnw .... lty of California, san Diego. For editotl8l . call 462·3<4(18; for bulln., 
lind display advlltllslng. call 452-3~, 

leller. to the editor and opinion columns ar.welcomed. All submlulons mUlt be typed 
and double-sPlIced on a T4-sPilCII line. They should not exceed 1·1/2 ~s In length. 

Submitted mat8flal must bear tM name and student Identification number of the author. 
Names can be withheld Irom publlcallon on requat ; how •• er the nam .. will be held on file 
for publ ic inspection. 

The Tr llon T,mes reserves the right to edit aubmlsslona because of .pacallmltatlona or 
. tyla requiremonts 

EnUre conten ts c~yright t 977 the Triton Time • . 

......... 1....,. W ...... J,A ..... lI'n 

Commentary 
Consider'Other Candidates, Too 

I worked bard in tryiDg to pin a 
non-endonement from the 
EditGrial Board fCll' &be oftlc:e ci 
ASUo)D Presided. 

CJwloualy I failed. 
'lbla commentary is DOt meant 

to ' degrade Andy Schneider. 
Rather, ita intent is to point out 
that there are four other can-
didates running for office-
candidatea to be considered 
seriously. 

/ 

Sctmelder, Judcin8 from our 
editorial, is a pantlCID of virtue. 
Not 10. He lIa poUUdan-and I \lie 
the word in a pejoraUve __ . 
Schneider can describe fire and 
have it come out ulee. 

From my position u News 
Editor I have tallred witb all the 
presidential candidates. No one 
contender has lmpreaed me as 
standing ..... and sboulden" 
above othen. I have been privy to 

Schneider; Pros & Cons 
, 

Not A~one in Fighting Issues 
At the end ci last quarter, 

Andy Schneider wrote an opinion 
column (Triton Times, March 
18) annoWicing his candidacy fCll' 
ASUo)D President. I wish to 
point out for the record that 
some of his statements were 
inaccurate. 

He made a point ci his part in 
objecting to the Library 
Reorganization Plan wbicb 
would put much of UCSD's 
collection into cold storage in 
Los Angeles. Apparently 
referring to bimself in the plural 
(tbe imperial "we",) he claimed 
" ... we are the only student voice 
against it." This is deliberate 
misrepresentation, and Andy 
knows it. 

The Graduate Student Council 
has been working actively, 
though quietly, for student in-
terests for many years. The 
Library Plan is not new, and 
students have fought it before. 
When the Plan was issued in its 
latest fonn in November, the 
GSC reviewed and promptly 
rejected it, and began actions to 
eliminate its undesirable 
features. A protest letter was 
written to University HaU, and 
Student Lobby was alerted and 
political leaders were contacted. 

Andy's voice was not heard on 
the matter until a month later, 
and then only in a letter Il'hic~ he 
and Greg Bakel' wrote to the 
ever-effective Student Body 

Presidents Council. Attached to 
their letter, interestingly enough, 
was a copy ci the Graduate 
Student Councu's protest. Even 
more interesting Is what was not 
attached· the second page of the 
GSC letter, whicb identified the 
authors. 

Perhaps in Andy's mind this 
trick allows him to claim credit 
for protesting the storage plan. 
Of course, he convenlenUy forgot 
about the Acatlemic Senate 
Library Committee. There are 
student representatives there, 
too. The strength of UCSD's 
protests was sufficient to bring 
Stephen Salmon, Executive 
Director of Systemwide Library 
Pia lUling, to San Diego for 
discussions with this conunittee. 
Neither the undergraduate 
representatives nor Andy par-
ticipated in that meeting; the 
GSC representative did. 

My point is that the 'Graduate 
Student Council has provided an 
independent student voice 
against the storage plan. The 
Council is already reviewing the 
"revised" version of the plan 
whicb has just been issued. With 
or without Andy Sctmeider, there 
has been and there wlll continue 
to be effective student protest 
about the undesirable features of 
the plan. 

DON STREBEL, Chair 
Graduate Student COBDen 

True Dedication to Students 
I've had the opportunity to watch Andy Sctmeider working In student 

govenunent over the last few months and I wanted to respond to Tse-
ling Fong's letter (1"1'- 15 Apr 7J). When Andy Schneider says he does 
not have a political ideology it means that he thinks student govern-
ment should be open to the participation of all students regardless ci 
their political ideology. 

San Diego needs a student body President wbo can act as a 
facilitator of different ideas and can represent the student body as a 
whole. Andy is the only representative I know who took effort and 
cared enough in the last year to talk with college councils, student 
organizations, students on committees, and the students in the plaza. 
Each time a major statewide poliey had to be made Andy told \18 all 
what he thought, but he never failed to listen to many different people 
on the issue. When Andy voted on the President's. Councn his actions 
represented many ideas that had come together from all over our 
cllmpus. 

Andy is not afraid to take consistent political stands. He has made an 
open commitment and is continuing to work 01\ projects which benefit 
our campus. He helped to get the buildings to complete Third CoUege, 
he 's fighting to keep our library books out of the warehouses, and he is 
working to keep reg fees from going up. We know wbat he thin1ql not b 
words, but by action. VICKIE SCHWARTZ 

. aU the unprintable slun and 
sullies of each individual can-
didate from many different 
sources. 

Even at U~D polWca stands as 
a dirty game. 

So what do the candidates stand 
for? As one said to me in an In-
terview: "Yeah, yeah, I'm for all 
the tblnp stude ... an for." 

And it's true-in talking with the 
candidates one citen finds 10 
many carbon copies, a complaint 
heard In every electiCID. Thus it 
comes down to the individual-
their accomplishments, their 
personalities. 

Every candidate has expressed 
to me their wiUingne88 to talk 
personally with students, to accept 
there caDs, to even meet with 
them on a one-to-one level U not 
going to this extreme, students 
should, at the least, seek out their 
literature, or ask around about the 
candidate. 

No one needs to be told that the 
Triton Times is often wrong in the 
assertion of their positions. Once 
again this may be true of our 
endorsements-all ci them. lIB 

ASU~D President is the most 
important office, thought should 
be given to your vote. If your 
ballot blindly follows our en-
dorsement, then both of us have 
failed. 

Sclmeider is not the only can-
didate. 

FormerComm 
Board Chair 
Backs Eisen 

The Commissioner of Com-
munications must serve on one of 
the most important and deman-
ding committees on this campus: 
the Communications Board. The 
ConunBoard oversees the spen-
ding of almost $100,000 each year, 
mosUy In the print medium. Your 
representative must have con-
siderable background in the print 
mediwn and famiUarity with 
ConunBoard operations to do the 
job well. 

-David Eisen's qualifications for 
Coriunissioner of Communications 
would stand out even in a field of 
competent candidates; in this 
election he is the only quahiied 
candidate. David Eisen has ex-
tensive experience in all phases of 
the print medium, from writing 
and editing te> layout and 
production. He bas also served 
this year as an ex-offlcio member 
of the CommBoard and is thus 
knowledgeable in Its nuances and 
operation. 

David Elsen knows bow to listen 
to people and how to get the job 
done. He is the qualified candidate 
for your representative to the 
ConunBoard. Elect David Eisen 
Commissioner of Com-
munications. 

MIKE.p£AN 
ComatBoard Chair '7-"75 

Presidential . Candidate Anthony Gonzales 

"Committed to Human Needs" 
My narqe Is Anthony Gonzales. I being ' threatened by the racist 

am a Third College sophomore Bakke declslon, and even with 
running for AIsodated Students , them Third World student 
Councll President. I am also a enrolbnent bas decreased per. 
member of the Young' Soclalist centage-wise since 1974. 1be UC 
Alliance. As a soclallst I am Regents openly coUaborate with 
committed to the building of a the racist governments in South 
society baaed on human needs; not Africa by investing in their cor-
private profits. I think DIOIt of you poratlons and by sending Assistant 
will agree that the conditions here Chancellor DaVid Reyer "to 
at U~D border on crisis: UCSD establish relations with their 
hu the highest lltudent-TA ratio in higher education system," yet in 
the UC system (over 40 to 1) and the recent student referendum, 
the OIunber of TAs is being cut students voted to end relatto .. 
beck. with South Africa and Rhodesia. 

The admJ.njstraUon has decided The child-care faciliUes at 
to raise tuition $48 per. person , U~D are .hopelessly Inadequate 
starting next year. 1be campus and upensive, and the 
Affirmatlvl! Action programs are gynecological care is among the 

most costly in all ci San Diego. 
These are only some ~ the 

problems we face at UG§D. The 
basic contradictions become 
apparent when viewing them as a 
whole. The UC system Is not 
geared to aerve basic buman 
needs and the interest of the 
campus community an clearly 
not considered in making 
decisions. . 

In my campaign, I propoee a 
number ft. solutions to theae 
problems. I fully support aU af-
flnnaUve action programs. I 
advocate the disIIoluUon of an UC 
ties with South Africa and the CIA, 
furthermore, that the UC open all 

Continued OIl p.,e 3 

WeUeada" Aprtl_, 1m .rlltI ... h.II'S 

Rec Center Issues Highlighted 
Help PE Department Gain Needed Facilities 
The Department of Physical 

Education strongly urges 
students to vote "YES" on the 
proposed new recreation facility . 
This is not a hastily planned or 
carelessly organized project. It 
has been in tbe making for six 
years. We have the plan, the 
expertise and the backing by the 
Administration to make it a first 
class facility. I am unsure as to 
where or how student fee monles 
are channeled, but I do know 
that dollar for dollar, the 
plalUled recreation center is the 
best bargain t .. t students can 
buy. 

Education. It is not vague. The 
plans caU for tennis courts, 
racquetball/handball courts, 
sand volleyball courts, squash 
courts, a locker and showering 
facility, a swimming pool, ski 
slope, archery range, playing 
fields, parcour trails and an 
equestrian centE:r. The facility 
will be built in carefully planned 
phases. 

not voting, would be subject to a 
user fee. All other campus users, 
except of - COUl'se the un-
dergraduates, would likewise 
have a fee charged for use of the 
center. The proposed facility site 
east of Interstate 5 is con-
veniently reached by a five-
minute bike' ride or a fifteen-
minute walk from the campus 
bookstore. It is also reached by 
city transit buses, running on the 
half hour, free with proper 
student identification. 

It is presently endorsed by the 
Department of PhysicaJ 

Students will have the major 
say in decision making. The 
Department of Physical 
Education will work closely witll 
the new AS representatives to 
assure good planning of an ef-
ficiently run, financially sound 
operation. Graduate students, by 

Help the -Department gain 
what is so desperately needed -
facilities. With labor and 
building costs escalating so 
rapidly, one more postponement 
could doom the plan forever. 

Ad Inaccuracies Clarified TED FORBES Department 01 PE 
I am writing this letter to inform students of numerous inaccuracies 

in Friday's (March 15) ad on the bottom of page 5. Wha~ a Ripoff 
Thursday March 14, I talked with Mr. Anton Witte of Capital, Budget 

and Space Management, about the proposed recreation facility a.nd 
was given the following data: 

So the PE department's 1-5 
country club will now deign to 
allow us students to use the land 
given to the University for 
educational purposes, if we build 
it for them by coughing up an 
extra $121year. 

A) The plans for the Recreation Center have changed only in the 
areas of funding and usage. 

B) If the Recreation Center Is not built the land will remain unused; 
it is illegal to use the land for professional centers, etc. 

C) The center could be student operated - however no plans for this 
have been drawn up or considered. Our ever-increasing fees are 

supposed to pay for educational 
facilities. This ripoff is like 
extorting extra money from the. 
Third College students to pay for 
the construction of Step II 
buildings. 

D) No plans for transportation, free or for a charge, have been 
drawn up; I was told that free transportation was infeasibly expensive. 

E) The facility is still to be built in the same distant location. 
F) If the new proposal is passed every student will pay $9 a year. 
G) No Extension, Friends of the library, etc. will be pennitted to use 

the facility • it under present plans is to be used by students and 
privilege card holders. No entrance fees are being considered. • We do not want your double-

dip ripoff, and we do not want 
your 25 polo ponies from the 

ll1is letter is not intended to argue for or against the ballot proposal; 
it is to ensure that students are properly infonned when they vote. 

farm, either. . NAME WrnfHELD 
BY REQUEST Anonymous 

Israel Awareness Week Discussed 
Celebrated Freedom 

Of Jewish State 
Israel's 29th independence day will be celebrated 

this week by the U~D Union of Jewish Students. 
Such themes as Israeli politics, society, culture, 
Arab relations, and arts will be . presented 
throughout the week 01 AprllI8-22. -

This is the second annual UCSD Israel Awareness 
Week, which seeks to widen the consciousness 01 
Israel among UCSD students. The week is centered 
arolUld activities whicb provide atudents an o~ 
portunity to evaluate Israeli society. 

Why have an Israel Awarene88 Week? Much at-
tention has recenUy been focused on the situation in 
the Middle East, and Israelis embroiled in the midst 
of the conflict. We seek to stress Illniel the Nation -
Its diverse culture and many-faceted problems and 
institutions. 

Israel Is the Jewish national homeland, created 
largely in response to centuries of persecution whicb 
resulted in a 1088 of ~ntity and hope among Jews 
dispersed throughout the world. BefCll'e the 20th 
century, Jews were not welcome in any nation of the 
world as equals, and were convenienUy used as 
scapegoats by even the most culturally-advanced of 
nations. 

In response to this historical reality, the ideal ci 
Zionism was developed in Europe by Theodore 
Hel'll, and other Jewish intellectuals, many of whom 
were assimilated into their societies, yet clearly 
realized the non-acceptabUity of the Jews by 
Europeans. The Zionist ideal meant the creation of a 
home wherein Jews would no longer be peraecuted, 
qnd wherein Jews could shape their own destinies. 

'be Holocaust ci the slaughter of 6,000,000 Jews by 

~. Gennany was a grim and bitter realizatioq of ears ~ the early 'Zionist thinkers. It wu this nane and bestial genocide which finaUy helped vate the United Nations to establish a mandate 
• e creation of the State of Israel in 1947. The 
\bsequent influx of hundreds of thousands of o~ 
'essed Jews (60 percent ft. whom came from 
!pressive Third World regimes) served to prove the 

'psity of a home for the Jews. 
~el is beset by tremendous political and 

l S8ures, because it is a non-Arab state in antly Arab Middle East. We feel it is that Israel punue a pl'OlfeSSive policy e resolution of the volatile situation in the • does include substantial sacrifices ft. 
I reaent status quo, and especially a re-E""I\ of its bard-tine policy towards the PLO. 

til" • _d to peace wiD necessarilY require Anb 
sacrifices and compromise, u weU. 

COIItinued on Paae • 

Zionism Opposed 
During this week the Union of Jewish Students has 

presented "Israel Awareness Week." The main 
ideas they have attempted to spread are twofold; 
that Zionism and Judaism are one, and that the 
"nppressed" nation of Israel is valiantly fighting for 
her right to exist. 

We socialists emphasize that we are in finn 
disagreement. Zionism is a political movement 

found~d in 1897 by Theodore HerLl, whose goal was 
the fonnation of a coloniarsettler state. This Zionist 
state, Israel, was colonized and founded at the ex-
pense of the indigenous Palestinian Arabs. From the 
beginning, Israel's policies have been racism, ex-
pansionism and aggression. She has bien the 
primary source of conflict in the Middle East, and 
unless her chauvinistic political system is replaced, 
there will be no meaningful peace in that pari of the 
world. 

The indigenous Palestinians are a people who have 
experienced a monstrous historical injustice. They 
are a nation whose nationalistic feelings can be 
traced back to post-World War I, but who have been 
brutally dispersed, and until recently, categorized as 
nonexistant, in the eyes of Israel. 

How were they displaced originally? The Zionist 
claim that "the adjacent Arab govenunertts called 
them out" has been thoroughiy discredited. All 
forms of Arab communications have been 
exhaustively examined. The evidence actually in-
dicates the Palestinians were warned not to leave 
their homeland (see John David, The Ev.lve 
Peace.] But the Zionists l)ad other plans. They first 
utilized psychological warfare techniques to induce 
emigration, and soon graduated to blatant telTorist 
tactics through such notorious groups as the Irgun 
and the Stem Gang. 

The most extreme example of their methods was 
the Deir Yasin Massacre, where aU 254 people of an 
Arab village were killed. The purpose of the tactics 
was to make room for entering Jews. 

This brings us to the next point - Zionism is a. fonn 
of racism. The Nov. 1975 United Nations (UN) 
resolution could not be more correct. Racism is 
inherent in the Zionist application of the "Jewish 
State" concept. The political and legal structure of 
Israel as weU as the social practices that stem from 
them are inherently discriminatory against non-
Jews. Palestinian entry is baMed (or very 
restricted,) but all Jews are welcome. Indigenous 
Arabs are not permitted to lease or work on state 
lands or lands " owned in the name 01 the Jewish 
people." They are not able to reside in all.Jewlsh 

Ceatinued OD Pa~ 4 

Page 3 

Enter freely 
and of your own will 

Morl~ Stadler 

It has been almost - how does my lit prof say it - hilarious (hard i, 
please) the way the bright, old/new activists here have fallen over each 
other in an attempt to bury every last vestige of the poor, experimental 
Coop. 

In the month since the ASUCSD govenunental model was approved by 
students, the college governments have rushed into the power vacuum, 
appointed a "transition team" to make decisions and scheduled both a 
nomination period and election. As pari of this herculean effort, the 
" team" has scheduled elections for over 60 offices. Not only wlll the 23 
ASUCSD positions be elected, but all the posts on the rour college 
governments will also be picked anew, despite the fact this year's 0c-
cupants of those positions were selected to serve for one year, not two-
and-one-half quarters. 

in its haste , the new Elections Board - picked by the " transition 
team" - has done some interesting things. It has shortened the time 
between filing and voting to only a week-and-one-half. It has failed to 

- assemble either a voter pamphlet or sample ballot. It has also set a $50 
spending limit on the candidates. All these actions will have the same 
effect: a lower voter turnout. 

In all, 11 offices, the executive positions of the revised ASUCSD 
government, will be elected this week. This means that once again , 
campaigning has raised its ugly head on our fair campus. 

But the campaigning has been extremely low-key; one might even 
describe it as non-existent. It seems our fledgling politicians are afraid 
to appeal' as, indeed, politicians. As one presidential candidate said, " I 
don't think the students want to be shouted at. " 

That is probably true. But the students - those who will take the time 
to vote - would probably like some infonnation. Campaigning serves 
another equally vital purpose, besides influencing a person's vote. It _ 
also raises the awareness of voters that an election is actualiy oc-
curring. A quiet campaign is yet another cause of low voter turnout. 

It's not that there aren't enough offices being contested. There are 
campaigns going on for offices ranging from president to public 
relations director. Imagine that, electing a PR flak for the new gov-
ernment. Only at UCSD. If any post should be appointed, head PR flak is 
it. 

I haven't heard either candidate for that position on the stwnp yet, but 
I can picture their speeches: 

People, if you will just elect me, I promise the new ASUCSD will have 
the best PR ever. I will churn out press releases, stage media events, 
take journalists to dinner. And by year's end, you won't know the 
government's image from the real thing : that's how good a job I'll do. 

As for my distinguished opponent - all I'll say is he stutters, so he'll be 
no good over the phone and he wouldn't know a decent press release if it 
snuck up on him and bit his ankle. 

The most controversial of the eight issues on the ballot is the revised 
Recreation Center plan. Once again the physical education people have 
placed the plan up for our perusal. But, this time, it's been revised, in n 
attempt, to meet student objections voiced in last month's referendum. 
Now, more students will be involved in the actual operation of the 
center. 

While it is definitely a plus for the PE department that it revised the 
plan to include more student involvement, many people still object to 
the plan. My own objections stem from two causes. First, I'm still upset 
that the people who originally planned the center would even consider a 
place with a small quota of student-members, even though the loan to 
build it would be backed by student fee money. 

Second, I don't like the way the PE department is trying to shove the 
new plan down our throats. The department is using emotionalism and 
scare tactics in its campaign. It is passing a flyer promising an end to 
midnight intramural games and an opportunity to play in more than one 
1M league if the center is built. It is making campaign statements to 
many PE classes. It is taking out huge TT ads, using Recreation 
Department budget money, which, if not illegal, is at least unethical. 
Should the rec department be able to use state or student money to 
campaign for something? 

If nothing else, it's a hell of a campaign that should aid the turnout. 
But all the rhetoric aside, the question students should consider is 

simply this: Do we want another fee added to our tuition costs, for the 
purpose of a new Rec Center; keeping in mind that our Reg Fee will 
probably be at least $33O-per quarter in two years, and that the Student 
Center Fee might be raised to $1~r quarter next year. 

Gonzales ... 
Continued from Page 2 

its financial books to public in-
spection. I propose free child care 
and gynecological services. 
Lastly, the Young Socialist 
Alliance believes that the majority 
should control the University in 
contrast to a small minority of 
bureaucrats and rich Regents: the 
students, staff and faculty should 
collectively decide how UCSD is 
rlUl. 

But what I 'advocate will not 
automatically come about if I or 
my running mates (Pauline 
Breeden for VP, Duane Stillwell 
for Commissioner of Student 
Welfare ) are elected . These 
changes will come about when 
students organize themselves and 
demand them in massive protes~ 

marches and rallies. The reforms 
of the 60s did not come about 
because of the goodwill of some 
admini tration but because of the 
pressure that the mass actions of 
the camp commWlity and their 
allies exerted. This is the policy 
that • !Idvocate to defend and 
extend tud nt rigbts. 

Electing myself or my running 
:.nates to office is one step in 
showing that students are ready to 
fltibl b.t~, uut u. llI~l ulIl'Ortcull 
step is when students demonstrate 
in mass. If you agr then vote 
Young Socialist, If you' re in-
terested, then come to our 
Socialist Educational Conference 
Friday at 8:00 p.m. and Saturday 
from 11-3 in the north conference 
room. 



..... 

tion-What is It? 
Many bave been posed with lhis very 8IIJDe question the put 

few days, espetially after rea~ a diatortecI Triton Ttmea article on 
the subject. The question Is bard to answer If you're a freshman or a 
senior. I haw uked ma~ people If they knew what It was and they 
answered with the same question, "wbat Is It?" To try and answer this 
question I went to good '01 Webster and found their answer to be "the act 
or result of convoking; Ie. to swnmon, to assemble." 

This still Is not an adequate definition for Revelle students, especially 
as Revelle Is planning one of these Qmvocatlons later this month. With 
bits and pieces of information, I will try to ezplain what Revelle's 
Convocation, entiUed "Renaissance Revisited," to be held on Parents 
Weekend April29-May 1,Is all about. 

The questions many Revelle students ask are: why take so much 
Humanities and why follow the Natural Science, Math or Social Science 
sequences? The reason being that when our forefathers opened the doors 
of Revelle in 1964, they wanted to develop a Renaissance man. The 
founders wanted their students to be well educated and well prepared to 
enter professional fields after college. ThIs method of study alloWli the 
students to explore many fields they might not have set foot into before. 

The Revelle general education requirements open new areas of 
learning that the student might wish to pursue as a career. What the 
Convocation has planned Is to look at all these aspects of Revelle's 
education process and evaluate them. The results of this evaluation, 
hopefully, will change the weak and improve the present curriculum to 
fully serve the student's needs, wants, and desires. 

The structure of "Renaissance Revisited" consists of talks by Edward 
Levi, Professor Emeritus at the University of Chicago and fonner U.S. 
Attorney General; Walter Rosenblith, Professor of Biophysics and 
ProV'Jst at M.I.T.; Henry R~vsky, Professor of Economics and Dean 
of Faculty of Arts and Sciences of Harvard University; and one of OlD' 
own founders of Revelle, Roger Revelle, Professor of Oceanography 
Emeritus, former Director of Scripps and Professor of Science and 
Public Policy at UCSD. Accompanying them will be seminars on variOllB 
topiCS concerning our education. These seminars will be open to all 
students, faculty, parents and friends. 

Every student should be interested in what this Convocation means, 
because it is the future of not only your own education but that of your 
sisters, brothers and your children as well. It is also important as we 
enter into our second decade as an institution of higher learning that we 
make certain that the next decade will be as great a learning experience 
as the first and future decades to come. 

Although there is even more reason for Revelle students to become 
involved in this Convocation. It is your future in life we are dealing with, 
so get with it. 

More infonnation can be obtained by watching the bulletin boards 
around campus in days to come or drop by the Revelle Provost office 
and your questions will be gladly answered. 

BRUCE HOFFMAN 

1B 1\!Ii i.agt-
. jlI(u$1r 
Lessons Repairs 

~=f.t=in=·~~. ~~.~.~~. 
~ • ~ - ~k:1i). ~re' 

509 So. Hwy 101 Encinitas 
753-1775 

The world's 
is now Ie 

est professjon 
·at Mustang! 

• A»O(. "'o4vc ... SIAN O ... tlL · l't-ohtM . 0.,.,1" ~ 
COI"P<M.AIIL.e. • THI S""'"'Nt UND/GIOAGI ... d' .... . ( . . .. 

can Theatre for Shew Time. NO ONE UNDER 18 AOMITIED@ (j1 ~ Exclusive Engagement! ~) STARTS TODAY! 

......... IIJIIIN 

Beware of Summer Job Promoters 
Perhaps you've seen them 

around campus-the posters ad-
vertising $900 per month jobs, or 
the Triton Times ads that read 
something like this: "great jobs! 
willing to relocate/fun and ad-
venture". 

The encyclopedia selling job 
campaign has descended upon us 
again, the surest sign that spring 
quarter is here. Each year this 
mysterious corporation solicits 
students to take part in its 
nationwide door to door book 
selling business. The job 
promoters, at special "in-

Zionism ... 
Continued from Page 3 

cities or settlements. There are 
many laws they don't benefit 
from. They are banned from the 
armed forces (an important 
source of employment.) Even the 
nonwhite "oriental" Jews (who 
are in the majority) are to a lesser 
degree oppressed, and have for-
med a nwnber of dissident groups. 
As for the personal attitudes of 
many of the dominant white 
Europeans, they, for instance, use 
the term "Arab work" to describe 
work that is poorly done, and the 
phrase "a Jew" is used in ap-
proximately the same sense as "a 
person." 

terviews" and "partles" lure 
prospective employees into this 
job with ta1k of travel, high pay, 
seeing America, and meeting new 
people. 

Now this may all be true for 
some people, but wbat they don't 
mention is the 12 bour days 
followed by more 12 bour days, 
long travel times, living in church 
basements, and the relenUess 
pressuring, badgering and yelling 
at people who don't meet their 
quotas. 

If someone wants to spend their 
sununer traveling across middle 

apartheid regime in 1965. By 1974, 
it had increased to $28.7 million. 
The growth is even greater in 
tenns of Soath African exports to 
Israel. They are partners in 
racism. 

Another characterisUc of the 
Zionist seWer state is that she is 
aggressively expansionistic. In 
two out of four wars the Zionists 
have widened their borders. In the 
first war of 1947-48 (the time of the 
original dispersal,) there were two 
phases. At the end of the first the 
ISraelis had defeated the in-
digenous Palestinians and started 
to muscle out past the boundaries 
assigned to them by the UN. TID 
is one factor that motivated 
several Arab governments to 

Internationally, an important invade, though unsuccessfully. By 
fact to bring out is that Israel is a the time the war was over. the 
staWlch ally with South Africa. Zionists controlled T1 percent of 
This goes back to the friendship Palestine (they were assigned 56 
between Zionist leader Chaim percent.) But the result of the Six 
Weizmann and South Africa's first Day War was much worse. Israel 
prime minister, Gen . Jan Smuts. had tripled her size; seizing huge 
Today though, Israeli military chunks of land. Her government's 
leaders regularly visit and claim that "military destruction" 
collaborate with the brass in or " genocide" was imminent, Is 
Pretoria on developing coon- dubious. There was a debate later 
terinsurgency and other warfare on within their ruling circles. 
techniques. The Israeli-<lesigned Three generals came forward. 
Uzi machine gun is standard Two claimed that there had been 
equipment in SA's Army. And absolutely no threat of destruction 
there is growing trade relaUol'IS since 1948, and one stated that the 
between the two. Israel exported . reasons given for the attacks were 
$2.7 million worth of goods to the . at least exaggerated (see 

Israel ... 
CODtiaued from Pa,e 3 

We can not live in the past, and 
the fact is not denied that terrible 
injustices have been perpetrated 
upon Jew and Arab alike since 
1948. We must, however, look 
towards the future . Istael will 

continue to exJst, and so will the 
Arab states. Given this fact, both 
sides must come to terma, and 
establish an atmosphere of peace, 
understanding, and brotherhood. 

We must learn from past 
mistakes, and we support any and 
all proposals and institutions 
which would ameliorate the 
sources of cooflict in the MIddle 

~ •••••••••••••• ~~ 
= .~. JRe ~url ~1I"foir ~ ')J II 
I t030 Toney Plnee Rd. €~~ I . ~~~ o~. 

~t • free cr.-., ,.,,1 ...... till pwiCk_-:.J" .. " .. ..-t. ••••••••••••••• 

America from small town to small 
town attempting to sell 30 dollar 
book sets, it's their choice . . They 
may even have a valuable and 
profitable experience. 

But there Is something 'sneaky, 
insidiOllB and exploitative about 
the way these people solicit 
salespeople. 

Why have they been banned 
from the StudeJt Job Center? 

Let the prospective employee be 1 
aware of all aspects of the job he 
may be accepting. 

FRED SCHINDLER 

Ha'aretz, March 13 and 20, 1972.) 
A French journalist covered the 
debates and wrote "no seriolL'l 
argument has been advanced to 
refute the thesis of tbe three 
generals." (see LeMoade, July" 
14,1972.) 

Israel has claimed (over the last 
10 years) that it bas been 
necessary to keep the captured 
lands for reasons of "security." If 
this is so, wby hasn't abe ever 
consented to bave them 
demilltarized? The answer Is 
becauae Israel's policy actually 
amoWlts to defacto annexation; 
involving numerous seWemeuts, 
industrial develClplll1eut plans 
more forced ezpulaiona of Arabs. 
It Is ironic that Israel's "security" 
actions are what caUled Syria and 
Egypt to attack in 1973. 'Ibose 
countries wanted their land back. 

The most effective peace in the 
Middle East can only come about 
by allowing the Palestinians to 
return to their homeland and by 
agreeing upon forming a 
democratic secular nation where 
all groups have basic freedoms. 
Justice for the refugees and a balt 
to Israel's expansionism are both 
crucial. A nation of Israel's nature 
is not the answer for the Jewish 
people. In fact, Israelis the most 
dangerous place in the world a 
Jew can live today. 

YOUNG SOCIALBT 
, AlLIANCE 

East, so long as the security of 
Israel Is not infrbWed upon, a 
right granted to all the naUons 
the world. 

Israel Awareness Week 
illlminate Israeli 
diverse nature, as well 
social and political prOblel:lU 
our hope that the diverse 
of the Week will facilitate 
understanding of tlia nation 
3,000,000 people. 1bia will 
studeJta a critical basis on 
to evaluate the MIddle 
general, and Israel in 

Notices of the 
have been dhmtrtllllltilwt 
campul, aod a run~1rI 
can be found III 
Triton TilDa U JOII 
about I8neI'I uNqae 
status in today's 
you thls oppol1unlty to 

UCID 
JEWIIIII 

triton times Pace 5 

Students Question Hopefuls at KSDT 
President, V-P, Communications Candidates Queried 

by Reed Alpert 
S&affWrUer 

For the only time before today's 
. ItSUo;D electiona, students bad a 

chance to questioo some of the 
candidates dlll'in8 the KSDT press 
conference Monday night. 

1be candidates for president. 
vice-president and commiuloaer 
of commuuicationa gave 
statements and fielded questions 
from the audience and people 
calling In throughout the ~ 
hour live radio show. 

Anthony Gonzales, spoke first 
among the presidential can-
didates. He stressed the 
awareness of an "impending 
crisis" at Uo;D. He spoke of a 
basic contradiction in the UC 
system where profit, not Imuan 
needs, have top priority. 

Dan Aimour talked next and 
stated "my job would be to 
coordinate tbe various com-
missioners" and improve 
programming. He sees internal 
affairs as talring precedence over 
systemwide concerns. 

Andy Schneider then cited a 
"move back to credibility" and 
the need for increased student 
participation. He also stlesaed 
cutting Administration costs to 
provide for more funda . for 
students. 

Jeff Leifer said he p1ans as 
president to "be responsive to 
student needs and create vehicles 
for student input." He also 
stressed protecting existing 
programs. . 

Steve Grady, the final 
presidential candidate, said be 
seeks to strengthen the AS because it is now "nothing more 
than an advisory group to the 
Chancellor." He sees complete 
control of Reg Fees as a top 
priority item. 

In response to a phone-in 
question about salaries tor AS 
officers there was a unifonn 

Election Suit_ 
Continued from Page 1 

Case's Legality Denied 
Defendant Andy Sctmeider also 

denied that the case had any legal 
grounds. " Monty and Vic from the 
start attempted to prevent the 
students from voting," he said " I 
never saw any of these so-called 
'gross election· code violations.' If 
these things had happened, why 
weren't they reported to the 
Election's Board? 

"This case is"motivated by sheer 
political maneuver," Schneider 
claimed, "and not by the fairness 
of due process. The Coop lost the 
referendum overwhelmingly. The 
Coop 'is gone. If we were to vote 
again, the students of pus campus 
would IRIlR!Iate ASUCSD." 

Both Ernst and Schneider 
stesaed that the new AS govern-
ment will be implemented with 
support and input of the college 
councils, student organizations 
and the student body. 

Bloomberg and Reed, the 
plaintiffs, were unavailable at 
press time for comment on the 
court deci8ion. 

0t0r111l .... -.,.. ..... ___ OWWCD. 

alIFE from '127 
--_ ... ." 

U .· .5.elO2t __ IO._ 
No _ 10 jaIn. no .... 11M IOtoII 
.. W. from '171 

.. _ ...... ~o.-. 

..... -_1. 

negative response with Grady and 
Leifer noting the need for student 
input on the matter. 

On the question of a first priority 
upon election, Gonzales said be 
would work to "get UC interests 
out of South AfriCa." Almour 
wwld gather relevant infonnation 
through the commissioners and 
coordinate this information into 
action. 

Concerning the proposed new 
rec center, Schneider wants to see-
the center only if it Is "owned and 
operated by the new ItS." 

All of the candidates cited the 
need for increased student input 
into the new government. The fact 
that 80 percent of the Reg Fees go 
to the administration and the need 
to redistribute this money with the 
studera In mind was mentioned 
by a nwnber of the candidates. 

TbeVeepe . 
After the presidential can· 

didates had finished the six vice-
presidential candidates spoke and 
answered questions. 

McBride feels that "students 
working together can run the 
University." He advocates the 
right of students to make their 
own decisions. Mark Sindler 
proposed "open community 
meeting for all studeqts." ThIs 
meeting would have the status of a 
commissioner in the ItS, he said. 

Phil Isaac said that " we need 
someone who is willing to put the 
student interests first." He would 
like to see increased student 
participation in the University 
decision making process. Pauline 
Breeden stated " the University 
must be controlled by the 

students, faculty and staff ." She 
also stressed protection of the 
minority groups on campus. 

Bakke Reaction 
On the question of the Bakke 

decision, Breeden called it I, a 
" racist reaction to the economic 
crunch that's coming now." When 
funds are short " they cut back on 
social services (affirmative ac-
tion). " Isaac sees the priority 
issue as the decision " how are the 
students affected and how are they 
reacting?" 

Next came the two candidates 
(or commissioner of com-

Reg Fee Co-Chair Applications 
Applications are now 

available for the position of 
next year's student co-chair of 
the Advisory Committee on 
Student Fee Programs. The 
position is open to any past or 
present advisory committee 
member who will be a 
registered student here next 
school year. . 

the Student Center's second 
floor. 

The committee has a student 
clK:hair and an administrative 
co-chair. It auvises the 
Chancellor on how to allocate 
student registration fee monies. 

munications. Dave Eisen spoke of 
his experience in journalism and a 
desire to raise the level of com-
petence in the various media 
around campus. Michael Bailey 
stressed his lack of ties with any 
campus publication and the need 
for a non-partisan board. On the 
question of funding for new 
campus newspapers both can-
didates said they would suppori 
the funding and .saw a need for 
such papers. 

Dog Policy ... 
Continued from Page 1 

license attached and all dogs, even 
those leashed and licensed, are not 
allowed in any classroom or 
teaching laboratory. 

Dog Complaints Rise 
This new dog policy is a result of 

many complaints of disturbances 
to the university community 
caused by the presence of un-
controlled dogs. The most frequent 
complaints are of the dogs 
barking, relieving themselves 
anywhere and e~erywhere, 
disrupting classes, health 
problems and aMoyance while 
around food areas and unfriendly 
approaches, with three dog bites 
reported this academic year. 

Barry Lehmer spoke of "giVing 
strength to the AS" and using it as 
a vebicle for change. Jobn 
Thickstun sees "the most ~ 
portant point as student input." He 
would like to see open government 
meetings to enable students to see 
their officials in action. Scott To enforce the rules of the new Continued on Page I 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ----~ 

The deadline for the ap-
plications is next Monday at 4 
pm in the committee's office on 

The election for the student 
post is set for next Wednesday 
at 1 pm in the committee's 
office. All past and present 
student members who are still 
students here are eligible to 
vote. 

Mary is a loan interviewer at your 
University and State Employees Credit Unior:l . 
Daily she comes face to face with people 
that share the same kinds of money needs 
you have. And daily she sees those problems 
solved quickly and conveniently. Mary likes 
her job, because Mary likes to make UCSD 
folks happy. . 

If you or your spouse is employed 
through UCSD, then you're eligible to take 
advantage of U.S.E. Credit Union's low cost 

loan program. 
We lend money lor nearly everything, 

and at among the lowest loan rates 
anywhere. People like Mary make your U.S.E. 
Credit Union stand alone in the financial 
field. And that means you can stand a loan 
from your Cre~it Union! 
P.S. Ask about payroll deduction . It will help 
you set aside money from your paycheck to 
payoff the loan automatically! 

DJl~~ ° NCUA U,wlnlly & Statt EmployHS 
Credit U.iII 

"Wher. you can ~Iong 'or 8 "'etlme" 

453-5620 
Call on JOUr U.S.E. Credit Union Toda, 

. .. 



..... tritoa tn.e8 w .. lIdIy. AprIl., 1m 

Alcohol Consumption, Rec Center 
Among Elections Ballot Questions 
[Edltor'l DOte- .... aUemp& .. 
make 11IIdeall aware ., die ... 
tell ..... of tboIe ..... 118ft ..... 
mlHed 1IIIIW ....... tile TrHoa 
Time. I. ,abU.Ia... tbe 
S&atelDlllfl 01 IDte. that ae-

~.b~--::.e:.: 
Ceater Complex qaesta. .... 
already beeR eumIIIetI ['IT A .... 
81. The bdeDt .f the qaeltlGa OD 
UC weapou reiearcla Is seIf-
explaaatory OD tile baDot aad 10 II 
allO DOt included bere.] 

POISe5sary Iacome Tax 

FREE CHECKING 

Students living In married 
student housing in Berkeley were 
levied a tax last July for their 
"possessary interest" in tax 
exempt property (married student 
housing is University owned, and 
therefore exempt. But one who 
lives in exempt property is not 
necessarily exempt just because 
the owner is.) no minimum balance 

University City Office 
3264 Gov~nor Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 

453-8030 

Happy Hour 
Ellery day of the year, 2·7 
pm .. Prestige brands at 
95 cents .. weekday hot 
and cold hors d'oeullres. 
Come soon and share Q 
sunset. 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanho~ 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

459-9711 

The ASUC at Berkeley, which 
has submitted the ballot question, 
feels the tax is being misapplied. 
In the past, they say, possessary 
interest taxes have been levied 
against people who used tax 
exempt property for some profit 
making, or other non-exempt 
purpose. 

The ASUC at Berkeley, which 
has submitted the ballot question, 
feels the tax is being misapplied. 
In the past. tbey sai, possessary 
interest taxes have been levied 
against people who 

Everything's At the Top! ' 
Dining • Cocktai" . liabeing to live en-
tertainment. An elegant eleventh noor oc:ean·view 
atmosphere where calual attire and comfort rules. 

Sunday Buffet Brunch, 10-2:30 54.85. Juices, 
fruits, salad, three hot entrees, eggs, breakfast 
meats, much more. 

elempt because It is an 
educational laatitution. Married 
student houalnI was built by this 
educational lnatttution, to boule 
students while they punued their 
educations. ' 

In a court case on the matter, 
the court declded 'that the students 
.ere not exempt from tbe 
possessary interest tax. The ASUC 
has decided to appeal, and is 
asking every UC campus to 
"donate whatever It can to the 
case." 

Student DoUan ud Alcohol 
At this time, no programming 

funds may be used to purchase 
alcohol for consumption at any 
student activity. Although UC 
Irvine has used progranurung 
funds for alcohol, the ballot 
question proponents claim, the 
administrators at UCSD refuse to 
allow it on this campus. The 
proponents ask: "00 the ad-

' ministrators have the right to tell 
students how they may use their 
own funds?" They advocate the 
use of student programming funds 
for the purchase of alcoholic 
beverages. 

Prohjbltion of Admlalstrators 
The Students for Democratic 

Action believe that only students 
can properly determine how 
student money is spent. Because 
student goverrunent must be free 
to be an effective representative 
for student interests, decisions 
made at the upper echelons of the 
UCSD bureaucracy should in no 
way affect the operation of student 
government. 

It boils down to an issue of self-
control, the SDA asserts. SOA 
strongly supports the notion that 
student government is for the 
students. They ask the UCSD 
administrators be categorically 
prohibited from interfer.ing in any 
way in the allocation of the $6 
student activity fee. 

UZ" Gradlag System 
This question, the proponents 

Dog Policy ... 
Coatlnued from Page 5 

claim if affinned and aC\ed upon, 
is in one sense an elaborate 
system of late drops, without 
being open to the criticism of 
allowing students to simply repeat 
a class over and over. It also frees 
the student to some extent they 
claim. from the archaic pwUIh-
ment aspects of the course which 
depends entirely for a grade on 
perbaps two testa. midterm and 
final. in four hours time. The "Z" 
grade recognizes the individual 
the proponents assertj it is ad-
mitting that intelligent, educated 
students sometimes blow a final, 
botch a midtenn, get nervous or 
have a variety of personal 
problems the present system does 
not readily admit. 

Constitutional CoaveaUoa 
The authors of this ballot 

question claim the AS constitution 
fails to clarify the duties of 
commiSSioners, thus making an 
abuse or misuse of power quite 
likely. It also fails to have the 
safeguards, they claim, to prevent 
the usurpation of power by a 
faction within the government 
since notification for emergency 
meetings, etc. is not required. 
They feel that these problems 
should be dealt with by the 
students, the proponents go on, 
rather than forcing the new 
government to arbitrarily make 
decisions in order to circumvent 
the shortcomings of the AS con-
stitution. 

WUUam CottoataD 
This question, which asks 

Chancellor McElroy to wear a 
bunny rabbit suit on Wednesdays 
and be available on Revelle Plaza 
from 10 am to 2 pm, emphasizes 
that this is a question " of great 
social importance, because who 
knows our Chancellor when we see 
him?" The proponents claim that 
Wednesday, being the high traffic 
day, would expose the Chancellor 
to the most students, not to 
mention that the rabbit suit would 
make him easily recognizable. 

Every day of the year, 
2· 7 pm .. Prestige 
brands at 85 cents -
weekday hOot and cold 
hors d'oeuvres. Come 
soon and share a 
sunset. 

Dinner from 6 p.m. nightly. Gourmet foods: prime 
rib, rack of lamb, beef Wellington, seafoods, 
steaks, duckling, many veal selections. 

dog policy are two students, David enforcement won't be unjust." 
Young and George Sloss, who will For. their assistance in problems 
use a small truck for transporting of animal control, and to respond 
loose dogs to the animal controi to any complaints, suggestion or 
center. They will be placing questions on the new policy, 
notices of the new policy and its Young and Sloss are in the En-
regulations in the Triton Times virorunental Health and Safety 
and around the campus. Accor· Building (205 Matthews) . They are 
ding to Young, "we want people to working under AI Rea, acting only 

r 
__________________________________ .;kn;;OW;...;;w;ha:t~'s;.:g;;O:;ing:.;o;;:n:., ~so:.~o:ur;. as an administrative back up. 

They operate on week days bet· 
ween 8:00 am and 4:30 pm and can 
be reached at ext. 3644. At all THURSDA Y, APRIL 21: 

11 :OD-2:00-ISRAELI BAZAAR and FLEA MARKET 
~ReveHe Plaza)- Plenty of food, pita, felafel, chumus, and challah. 
ENTERTAINMENT-Israeli dancers and folk singers. 
STUFf TO BUY: Israeli crafts, jewelry, shirts, Israeli flags, etc ... 
Even a Sheshbesh (Backgammon) tournament. 

FREE BALOONS!!! 
7:30n 9:30 -LECTURE (North Conference ROOm)-lnformal 
~iscussion and Question and Answer session led by Dr. Sanford 
Lakoff, chairman of UCSD Political Science Department, who 
recently returned from a study tour of Israel. 

. 

other times students should 
contact the campus pollee, ext. 
4357. 

Leave Fido Home 
So if you have a dog and come to 

school for classes and the library 
it is advisable that you leave It at 
home, or make sure there is 
someone who will be with it at all 
times. Seem too harsh? Well, 
Young said Vice-chancellor and 
Dean of Student Affairs George 
Murphy had to do something In 
light of all the ' complaints, and 
instead of outlawing dOllS 
altogether this new policy bas 
been developed. 

Young stated that "I feel the 
policy is reasonable and I don't 
feel badly In picking up loose 
dogs." Young also added that "at 
UC Santa Barbara the fines are 
higher and after tine ti.mes 01 
catching your dog loose they will 
not return It, and at San Diego 
State dogs are not allowed at all. " 

Murphy said "I believe almost 
all students will comply volun-
tarily with the pollcy, seeinC the 
need for dog control, and I don't 
think it is an unreasonable kind of 
restraint to ask of faculty and 
students." Murphy added that 
"those who do not comply with the 
new regulations will most likely do 
so after receiving monetary 
fines. " 

Wedilelday.AprI .. am • 

UC lobby Req uests State to 
Freeze UC Budget Until the 
Reg Fee Hike is Rescinded 

by Hugb Mac"'b 
Staff Writer 

SACRAMENTO--The UC 
Student Lobby proposed last week 
that nearly POll million of state 
support for the university be 
withheld by the legislature until 
the Regents resclDd the 

University officials said the fee 
increase is needed to help 
maintain fee-fWKIed programs. In 
the past few years inflation has 
driven program costs up while 
enrollments, which generate 
registration fees, have remained 
.relatively level. 

"After several years of at-
tempting to cover program needs 
without increasing the burden on 
students, last year we reached the 
end of the time we could achieve 
this objective merely by fund 
shifts, .. said UC Vice President 
Chester McCorkle in defense of the 
fee increase. 

At the same time as they ap-
proved the registration-fee in-
crease, the Regents also approved 
a shift in funding sources for 
programs supported by the 
student fees and the Opportunity 
Fund. The state legislature must 
approve the shift, too, but has not 
yet done so. 

Registration fees would be used 
for non-instructional student 
serVices and educational fees 

-* would be used for various types of 
..J.:.; __ ~--' !S student aid. The state would take 

~ over support of $10 million of 
ijl programs formerly funded by the 

~ student fees. 
£. The entire program shift would 
~ take place over a three-year 

Jon Haber 

registration fee \ increase 
scheduled for this fall. 

Jon Haber, co-dlrector of the 
Lobby, made the request before 
the Assembly Ways and Means 
Subcommittee on postsecondary 
education. 

"The University does not need a 
fee increase," Haber said. "They 
have $12.9 million in reserves even 
if they balance the budget. I think 
it's outrageous to raise fees with 
that kind of surplus available." 

At their meeting last July, the 
Regents approved an increase in 
the $300 aMual registration fee to 
$348. Individual campuses can 
gradually increase the fee above 
$348 to as high as $393 over the 
next three years. 

Haber said the University has a 
lot of uncommitted funds in 
various parts of the UC budget. 

He calculated there are at least 
$9.9 million in surplus funds or 
reserves from student fees 
(registration and educational 
fees) and from the Regents 
Opportunity Fund. The latter fund 
is made up of money paid to the 
University to cover the overhead 
costs related to federal contracts 
and grants. 

There is another $3 million in 
allocations for building projects 
which are included in the budget 
but which have not yet been 
committed to any project, Haber 
said. , 

"When it comes to putting up 
another building or keeping 
student fees low, I think low 
student fees should come first," he 
said. 

MODEUNO JOBS 
How 10 ..... wltflovl modeIl", ec:hooI. IIeftd 
... ~ II1II14. T-. -.p-b8cII..-
anloo, Fal, onoutlll' ""_CAlli.', 10. 
.~L""". ""' .• ....,.. ,1IIItoIa ... 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• mMMUNITY~ 

period. The first step, involving a 
$3.3 million take·over of 
laboratory costs by the state, has 
already been approved by the 
Governor. -

McCorkle presented figures to 
the subcommittee which he said 
show that, even with the state 
paying the laboratory costs, the 
University will still have to cut 
beck $3 mIIliop Ii progranis 
supported by the Opportunity 
Fund next year. 

Haber said he is not convinced 
by McCorkle's calculations that 
there is no surplus. "I think there 
are some real problems with those 
figUres," he said. 

The subconunlttee postponed 
action on the Student Lobby 
proposal at the requ~ of the 
Legislative Analyst's office. That 
office and the state Department of 
Finance will study McCorkle's 
figures before making any further · 
recommendations to the 
legislature. 

ote 

NORML Pot Data Released 
State Consumes 600 Ton's of Grass 

SACRAMENTO·The National 
Organization for the Refonn of 
Marijuana laws (NORML) 
estimates that each year nearly 
three million Californians smoke 
more than 600 tons of marijuana 
worth almost 700 million dollars. 

According to research data 
released this week by NORML, 
approximately 1 out of every 5 
people currently using 
marijuana in the US lives in 
California. And over 213 of the 
Californians who use marijuana 
are adults. 

" Consumers Union pointed out 
five years ago that marijuana is 
here to stay and no conceivable 
law enforcement policy can curb 
its availability," said Gorden 
Brownell, West Coast coor-
dinator for NORML. 

" It is time for the California 
legislature to more realistically 
address the issue of how this 

state's more than 2 million adult 
users obtain their supply," he 
said. 

The NORML estimates are 
based on surveys conducted by 
the Field Research Corp. and 

Nutritionist 
to Discuss 
Health Issues 

World renowned nutritionist Dr. 
Ann Wigmore will be speaking 
tonight on nutrition and health in 
the .Veterans Hospital multi-
purpose room ' at 8:00 pm. Dr. 
Wigmore, who has written over 
twenty books on nutrition, is in the 
middle of a five-state tour and 
headed for a world tour 01 14 
countries. 

Although she was not scheduled 
to speak in San Diego during her 
tour, Dr. Wigmore agreed to speak 
here after several solicitations 
from the School of Medicine. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
The Son Diego Youth Symph6ny 
will be performing Sundoy. April 
24. ot 7:00 pm in the Immoculoto 
on the compus of the University of 
Son Diego. Alcala Pork . rickets are 
S 1.00, for ticket info coli 299-1040. 

other agencies into the use of 
marijuana in California. 

Adults Go To Pot 
A Nov. 1976 survey found that 

35 percent of all the adults in the 
state have tried marijuana. 
Aimost half of those who have 
tried it consider themselves 
"current users." 

According to the Field survey, 
marijuana usage is clearly the 
highest among 18 to 29 yur olds. 
But the survey also showed that 
usage is spreading among 
middle aged people. Nearly lout 
01 8 people aged 50 to 59 have 
tried marijuana. 

In 1975, the state legislature 
passed a law reducing the 
penalty for possession of not 
more than an ounce of 
marijuana. The penalty had been 
a felony, which is punlshable by 
imprisonment. But the law 
reduced it to a misdemeanor 
which is punishable by a fine. 

The present law states growing 
marijuana is punishable as a 
felony, no matter how small the 
amount of marijuana being 
grown. Assemblyman Willie 
Brown, (D-San Francisco) has 
introduced legislation to reduce 
the penalty for growing small 
amounts of marijuana for per-
sonal use to a misdemeanor. 

" Assemblyman Brown's bill 
presents a logical and necessary 
alternative to the current ap-
proach which actually has a built 
in incentive f.or persons to obtain 
marijuana from personal 
dealers." Brownell said. 

Under Brown's bill, AB 367, 
cultivation of not more than 6 
plants for personal use would be, 
a misdemeanor subject to a $100 
fine. Cultivation of more than 6 
plants would be a misdemeanor 
punishable by a $500 fine and up 
to 6 months in jail. Cultivation of 
marijuana for sale would be a 
felony punishable by im-
prisonment. 

AB 367 is scheduled for its first 
legislative hearing before the 
Assembly Criminal Justice 
committee on April 25. 

Hugh MacIntosh 

r:~~~~~~~' 

t Kinko's Spedal t 
I Copies , 
I 21/2 ¢ t I each t 
t NoMinimum 
t Kinkos 
, 763 Turquoise 

Pacific Beach ~ 
L-- 09" 

A Scientific Case 
for Creation 

The 35 minute presentation will cover 3 main areas. 
1. DNA and the origin of life. 
2. Mutation-selection 
3. Rock unit sequence in the fossil record. 

The speaker will then respond to questions from the audience . 

Dr. Gary Parker 
Professor & Chainnan, 

Biological Science 
Institute for Creation Research 

R_lIe Cafeteria 8:00 pm 
Thursday. Ap.1I28 FREEf 
Sponsored by Campus Crusade 

Polls located at: 
Revelle Plaza 
Gym Steps 

Muir Commons 
Ftu1h Dormitories 
11iId Commons 
I BLoonBANKj 

913 ..... 
AppIcItiDnI for CGllge orbs wi be ICCeIDd untI12:00 Monday AprI 25. 

SI7F ...... 
PAYSDONOBS 

forServlee 
Moa.·FrI. 
233-5411 
234·4601 

......••........................ 

ApplIcations .... _ taken for Comissionei- of EIectkNIs col AppoilltllB'lls 
& Evaluations. AI applications may be hrIaI in to EDNA. '1bese elections 
wiI take ... May 3 I 4. 



FREE ADMISSION 

to p lay BINGO at 7727 Gira rd Ave . Marv Star of th p SPi'l 
Ca rds 25c p er ga me . All games pay 70% coilP('teci . Pli'lv , -
25 ga mes. 

Eve ry Tuesday 7 pm . • 

David Hemmings 
Vanessa Redgrave 

Sarah Miles 

Grand Prize -
Cannes Film Festival 
Thursday, April 21 

USB 2722 7&9 PM 
Tickets: '1.00 At Box Office 

I.C.S.D. ,. ... , GIi ..... 

FINE ARTS QUARTET 
, fealuring Waller Trampler, viola 

Mozart: Quintet in 0 Major., K593 
Shostakovitch: Quartet No.3 
Mozart: Quintet in G minor, K516 

Aprila".OO pm 
Mandeville Audilorium 
UCSD St. $2.o0 ,GA.$6.s0 

New I3ad 
Company 
Dies in Ashes 
Of lI[3urning 
Sky" 

byTed8urke 
SWfWriter 

BuraiDg Sky - Bad Company 
(Swan Song) 

Up to a point, the new Bad 
Company sounds like a fine piece 
of slovenly rock and roll that gets 
to the point without the aid of 
gimmicks,. put on, or persona 
postulations. After that, 8\111lJDg 
Sky sounds absolutely dead, a 
deployment of moves with no 
intelligence, commitment, or guts 
behind it. Singer Paul Rodgers 
seems to have basked too long in 
the praise that called him "the 
best singer 4t rock," and here 
lazily doles out a watered down 
quOtie"t of moans, rasps and our~r 
blues intonations as he sings what 
has to be the most inanely sexist 
lyrics of the year that expostulate 
nothing deeper than "Me Tarzan, 
you Jane." Guitarist Mick Ralphs 
ben¢; his strings in all the right 
places, but sounds more busy than 
inspired, with the constant ad-
dition of an echo unit on his 
playing further accentuating the 
paucity of ideas. Bad Company 
can pull out of this nose dive if 
they revamp their standing line 
up. The addition of a strong 
guitarist, Leslie West say, would 
enhance their punchiness, and the 
addition of someone who can write 
good riffs, like Felix Pappalardi 
on baSll, ~ould do them no harm. 
Otherwise, Bad Company in its 
present form is just another band 
of unfulfilled promise running the 
treadmill of formula heavy metal 
gruel. C minim. 

Mel Lewis and Friends (Horizon) 
Mel Lewis, drummer for the Mel 

Lewis-Thad Brown Big Band, has 
collected a superb batch of 
musicians here for an inspired 
jaWlt through mainstream jazz. 
Freddie Hubbard, of late a pawn 
in the cryptic fascist disCO-jazz 
movement, liberates himself here 
and spurts off a number of 
brillia nt trumpet solos. Randy 
Brecker, lately another casualty 
of disco, plays a fine saxophone 
here , mixing Coltrane, Dolphy and 
King Curtis in his sorties. 
Everyone and everything else is 
nicely played, from be-bop to 
Ellington ballad work. There is 
nothing ground breaking here, but 
there is joyful noise among those 
who know their business. A fine 
album for the non Chick Corea 
jazz fan. A minus. 

Bel 
ABORTION 

BIRTH CONTROL 

FREE PREGNANCY 
TESTING 

• Low Cost 
• Confidential 
• Financial Assistance 

Available to Those 
Who Qualify . 
BIRTH CONTROL 

INSTITUTE 

283-8351 
!'Ion-Profit pu~lIc 
service agency 

The Weight Of 
Pop On His 

by TIm MlleKeaIe 
AJ1I Editor 

Iggy Pop stormed through Southern California this past weekend with 
mentor and gate attraction, David Bowie, In tow. Initial reports indicate that 
were no fatalities. 

His Friday evening show at Santa Monica's Cfvic Auditorium waa packed 
rafters with every creep and moron imaginable, turning the concert Into 
closely resembling a circus attraction: From the opening act, Blondie, 
audience was clammering for Bowie, perhaps sensing that he mIgIj, just 
some of his own material. No such luck. They all continued to jump up and 
their seats for the entirety of the show, anyway. 

The situation became so ridiculous that some people decided to leave early. 
the Runaways, who were sitting two rows In front of me, decided to leave, I 
to exit myself. To hell with Iggy. 

Saturday's show at the San Diego Civic Theater was far more tame in couuDal. 
with the Santa Monica spectacle. But then that was to Ue expected. I didn't 
Marines with mascara. 

It was also a much more enjoyable show. After opening with "Raw Power 
and Co. delved into material from his recently released and aptly entitled 
Idiot. With Bowie at the keyboards and contributing some excellent bacltgJi 
vocals, the band roared through " Nightclubbing," "Funtime" and a sinister 
Midnight." The music was Bowie's; the lyrics Iggy's. 
Fun Fun 
hey baby we like your lips I just do what I want to do 
Fun All aboard for fun time 
hey baby we like your pants Fun 
all aboard for funtime Baby baby we like your lips 
Fun Fun 
Hey, I feel lucky tonight . Baby baby we like your pants 
Fun All aboard for funtime 
I'm gonna get stoned and run around Fun 
All aboard for fun tUne Everybody we want In 
Fun We want some we want some 
Last night I was down in the lab All aboard for funtime 
Fun Fun 
Talkin' to Dracula and his crew Baby baby we like your lips 
All aboard for Funtirne Fun 
Fun Baby baby we like your pants 
I don't need no heavy trips All aboard for funtime 

Copyright © 1977 by Bewlay Bros. MusiclFleur Music Ud. Reprinted by 
mission. All Rights Reserved. 
The reason for the shows success was the tightness of Iggy's band which 
tained a solid rock attack throughout the concert. ' 

As for Iggy himself, what can one say that hasn't been said before? His 
stage antics in the past have included pouring hot wax on himself, vomiting, 
onto a stage of broken glass etc. Rumors that he was to give a collllDl8Ilcl 
fonnance for the Queen were totally lUlfounded. 

His "new" image is much less masochistic. Appearing bare from the 
Iggy comes off as a frenetic, crazed Jagger as he charges about the 
variably crawling on the ground and falling off the front of the stage. His 
cross between Lou Reed's and the Ramones, aren't as grating as in the past. 

As for Bowie's presence, " I think David's having fun doing it,' Iggy 
certainly needed a very good piano player, and he is magnificent. He's just 
piano and string machine, btlt he's probably the only person who could do 
that he's doing." Bowie's role in ticket sales was left unmentioned. 

As the shOw came to a close at the Civic Theater, Bowie turned to the i1U~II~lll~ 
the first time and shouted "This is our last show." The audience, sensing 
might delve into "Suffragette City" or the like, responded wildlyJt was short 
however, as the bar,:t4launched into Iggy's "China Girl." 

•••• 
Opening the show for Iggy was a promising punk-rock band "Blondie." If 

else, they managed to lend a certain continuity to the concert. 

TIcket Olllce, 2)"'SIO, AU ...... N .... _,. "ud .... 
Tlcketroll OUtlets. 

WedDelday, April ZI, 1m Page' 

La Jolla Art Museum; Contemporary Spirit of 70's 
by Debbie Sclnral1z 

SWfWrlter 

The complex world of coo-
temporary art involves much 
more than the creative process 
and its resulting work of art. The 
various roles of art critics and 
historians, gaUery~rs, art 
books and magazines, advertisers 
and museum curators have 
become nearly u eueatial u the 

role of the artist in esta blist}ing 
the perception and understanding 
of modern works of art. 

Musewns, as intermediaries 
between the artist and the viewer, 
are ordinarily thought of as homes 
for fine art. They are influential in 
many ways to the development of 
our conceptions about art. It 
therefore seems advantageous to 
examine the structure behind the 
exhibition walls and showcases of 
a museum. 

The La Jolla Museum pf Con-
temporary Art, located at 700 
Prospect St. in La Jolla, is the 
nearest museum of art to the 
UCSD campus. The museum 
began in 1941 as the "Art Center In 
La Jolla." Since then, it has seen 
several changes in name and 
phUosophy and finally attained its 
current stature in 1971. 

Galleries, Ubrary, Gift Shop 
The museum contains eight 

galleries, a reference library and 
a gift .shop. Three of the galleries 
exhibit the museum's permanent 
collection, which includes works 
by such established artists as Carl 
Andre, Donald Judd, Oldenburg, 
Rauschenburg and Christo. The 
most recent addition to the 
collection is an untitled painting 
by Agnes Martin: The other 
galleries act as temporary 
residences for visiting exhibits, 
such as "The Modem Chair," 
which is currently on display at 
the museum. 

The reference library houses 
10,000 volumes, . including 
periodicals. The books, which date 
back to 1860, are primarily con-
cerned with modem and con-

temporary art. 
The gift shop stocks an im-

pressive nlDllber and variety of 
art books and magazines along 
with finely designed Jewelry and 
other small "objets d'art." It is 
also enhanced by a magnificent 
view of the ocean. 

OrglUllzatiGllal Structure 
A board of 16 trustees sets the 

overall policy for the muselDll. 
The trusteea are elected members 

of the community who are in-
terested in contemporary art. The 
trustees ratify the annual budget 
and meet with members of the 
museum staff to decide on exhibits 
and additions to the permanent 
collection. The museum staff is 
composed of director Sebastian 
Adler, two curators, secretaries, a 
librarian, the building staff, public 
relations and guards. 

The museum gains financial 
support from "Combo," a sort of 
United Way for cultural 
organizations in San Diego 
County, from invested endowment 
money and gifts and from the 
National Endowment for the Arts 
(NEAl. NEA contributes to the 
organization of evening lecture 
programs and to the purchase of 
new works of art. 

Memberships to the muselDll 
also account for part of the 
budget. A monthly fee entitles the 
member to special privileges, ' 
such as discounts on magazine 
subscriptions, reduced rates for 
museum activities and enrolhnent 
in special classes and tours. 

The museum has taken great 
security measures to assure the 
safety of its artwork. In addition to 
four full-time guards, the artwork 
is protected by an ultra-sonic 
alann system which is connected 
by computer with the police 
department. Everything possible 
has been locked under glass. 

The Curators 
It is primarily the job of the 

museum curator to decide which 
works of art are worthy of exhibit 
space in the museum. In the case 
of contemporary art, these 

decisions must be made without 
the aid of time-tested evaluations, 
which most museums reflect upon 
to classify artwork. 

The La Jolla Museum of Con-
temporary Art employs two 
curators, Richard Armstrong and 
Christopher Knight. Both 'of these 
knowledgeable young men 
studied art history in New York 
and Paris and are dedicated to 
enriching the realm of con-

temporary art as well as 
presenting to the public the new 
realities inherent in works of art. 
They are responsible fgr 
organizing and cataloguing 
exhibits and lectures and also for 
putting together a monthly 
bulletin announcing museum 
activites. 

In a recent · interview, Arm-
strong, who has worked at the 
Whitney Museum in New York, 
explained his role as curator: "We 
want to expose the widest and 
largest number of people to the 
largest 'number of works we feel 
are worth considering-to bring the 
best quality to the largest quan-
tity." Armstrong maintains closer 
contacts with artists rather than 
with art dealers in his ties with the 
art world. 

He relies on his own judgement 
and intuition in making decisions 
about artwork, but even with 
regard to contemporary work, he 
said that " things that are 10 years 
old are already fairly decided." 
He noted that the museum's 
collection is limited by financial 
restrictions and storage space as 
well as size of the work. In regard 
to contemporary American art, 
Armstrong asserted that " there 
are different antecedents for art in 
different areas of the coun~ry." He 
also complained that " publicists 
have been lazy in finding out--what 
is going on in art outside of the 
New York scene ." On a personal 
level, Armstrong described his 
work as " bringing his own self-
interests into a public fonn." 

Knight is a specialist in Modem 
and Renaissance Art and also has 

previous teaching experience in 
art history. His explanation of a 
valid contemporary work of art is 
that "it should be inclusive rather 
than exclusive .. . that is, it should 
have a relationship to social 
trends." He also considers "other 
works or ideas generated by a 
piece of artworlC' to be an im-
portant factor in his decision-
making. Knight 's interest in 
education ties in with his role as a 
museum curator. He describes 
museums as " valuable teaching 
areas." He discussed the use of 
didactic posters, which verbally 
describe works of art, in the 
following manner : "people are not 
trained in visual literacy and 
should be approached with a tool 
they already have-words." He 
stressed, however, that "although 
the didactic information should be 
made available, it should not 
intrude on the viewer-to-artwork 
relationship. " 

Knight eXI1If'I'~'<:M 

FAI, APRIL 22,1977 
7:00 &. 9:30 pm 
Mandevile Auditorium 

c..O~t. \ 
Ow ~~~\O~ 0\ 
~~ 'v\,~~ 

t)I\\I\t'CW\ ~.ac . 

modern art. " He urges the 
museum visitor "not to feel stupid 
for not understanding a work of 
art" and to "approach it from a 
familiar area." The approaches to 
art, such as " from science, 
sociolog)" math, politics and 
economIcs," are as variable as 
cach inrl iv; ~ "::\l. Part of the 
problem of understanding con-
temporary art, as Knight sees it, 
is that "art poses questions rather 
than gives answers. " 

The La Jolla Musuem of Con-
temporary Art is relatively unique 
in its concentration on con-
temporary works. This 
specialization enables it to capture 
the spirit of art and liCe in the 70's 
while, at the same time, provide 
the background necessary to its 
complete understanding and 
appreciation. 

The museum is open Tuesday 
through Sunday until 5 :00 pm and 
Wednesday evenings from 7: 00-
10:00 

THE 
MAN 
WtI) 
FELL 
TO 
EARTH 

$1.25 

I\Ht.~~Nt, EN.~", ~ ~~, 
~~,t~~~r)~u~~ 

~~t.d ~ ~~ot' ~\CU"\:~ 
M~ , n-\b\CbSt<\ bl',O 



..... 

, Muir Reporter 

Activities 'Abound at John Muir 
by Dorothy HClUtDa 

Staff Writer 

StudeaCl laterelted In attending 
Dartmouth College in New 
Hampshire this sununer should 
contact Muir academic advisor 
Maxine Henry, The exchange 
program is not restricted to Muir 
students, 

additional position created this 
quarter on the advising staff, 
Raymundo, a native of Los 
Angeles, says that the new 
poSition will create "more help In 
providing quality counseling." 

ThOle filial for summer 
graduation must do so by May 26 
and come tb the advisor's office 
for a final degree check. 

Iaterested III meeting in small 
groups with Muir faculty anc: 
members of the administration for 
~_-~ .: lunch or dinner? Contact Muir 

Tbe Muir Actlvitlel Director, 
Karen K1rchner and the Revelle 
Residence Halls Office have 
planned symposiums on alcohol 
and drug abuse to be held 
-through,out the quarter; Keep an. 
eye open for the time and place fI. 
these events or contact Kirclmer 
in the Muir Residence Halls Office 

~ intern Tim Roemer by calUng 452-
~ 3587 and leaving your phone 
~ .... ~ :ii number. He will then reach you. 

~ A DeW Muir academic advisor, 
'%. Jesse Raymundo, is fi1Ung an 
t: 

Raindrops kept falling on the heads those who hod offices below the - M nta" CI" bi 
main floor of the Human ities Library . Construct ion workers ore now in the ou In 1m ng._ 
midst of a $30,000 project to replace leaking tiles . The work is scheduled 
10 be cOnlple ted Mav 5. 

the 
CROSSROADS 

....... nta 

345 m¥Mt street 
"downtown in the pslMnp qUIrt .... 
on the corn.- of 4th & marltet 
233-7156 . 

• JaZZ Jasmine 
piefIO - bulclllKy dN_· rOMId ....... 
.... ·natNft_ 
t.om. - hall .. o-Iry III 

...,'II ... U,»t,. 

..., ........ :»t2:. 

Serving lorlb Count, Ind UCSII.H 

PREVENTIVE OPTOMETRY 
Specializing in Water Soluble 
and Flexible Contact lenses 

Orthokeratogy 
Visual Perception 

1150 Camino Del Mar Suite B Del Mor 
For on Appointm ent 755·5484 

Fourth College Program Board Presents: 

**************** ~ The ' It ~ *" t Asphalt Junqle ~ 
•. *" 
• Road RaUye *" ·**~***********l I 

• Sat~day, April 23, at 6pm 
Muir Overtlow Lot 

Entry $1 
, Cash First Prize 

PrizJs by Olympic Sporting and 
Summer House Inn 

Dance at 8:30 Student Center Builldinq C 

UC Student ID R~quiled 

ContiDued from Page 1 
remain, to be brought up daily 
to each of the succeeding 
smaUer base camps along the 
route. 

Chandler noted that one 
important piece of equipment 
was the bulky extendable 
aluminum ladder. He ex-
plained that the ladder was 
used to cross gaping crevasses 
along their main route, which 
traversed a large glacier. 

The greatest fear among 
members of the expedition was 
the constant · threat of an 
avalanche, as heat from the 
sun could drastically change 
the conditions of huge drifts of 
snow on the mountain walls. 
There also was the danger of 
hol.\Se-size rolls of ice, called 
seracs, falling on the climbers 
during their glacial mount. 

Climbers" Acclimatize" 
As the expedition reached the 

18,000 ft. ' level, body 
dehydration, a thinning at-
mosphere and rapid tem-
perature changes contributed 
to the difficulties of the ascent. 
Chandler explained that they 
had to " acclimatize;" a 
process of adapting to new 
temperatures, altitudes, 
climate and envirorunent. 

Much of the acclimatization 
involved frequent rest stops 
and the replenisiunent of lost 
body fluids . At 24,000 ft., the 
climbers began supplementing 
the thin atmosphere with 
bottled oxygen. 

Chandler described 
physiological changes including 
shortness of breath, narrower 
vision and an overaU difficulty 
in maintaining body 
equilibrium. Some members of 
the team also suffered mental 
depression as they ascended to 
higher altitudes. 

Hypoxia , or the lack of 
oxygen reaching the tissues of 
the body, contributed to the 

problems of the three who 
reached the summit, as 
Chandler, another climber and 
a Sherpa guide approached the 
28,000 ft. level. "All you wanted 
to do was lay there and not do 
anything else," Ghandler said, 
explaining that they would 
walk a few stePs, stop and gasp 
for breaths of air. 

As they approached the 
summit, 100 mile-per-hour 
winds and freezing tem-
peratures hindered the 
exhilarating experience of their 
accorilplishment. 

Below them were a string of 
support base camps, months of 
preparation and thousands of 
dollars of invesbnent, But 
Chandler was not terribly 
enthusiastic . 

A Nice Piece of SIIOW 
"The first thing we wanted to 

CoatiDued from Page 1 

Partial Plan Expeaslve 
Corman argued that a partial 

' health care plan wasn't the an-
swer, partly because It tended to 
be expensive. He supported the 
idea of a public health insurance 
system that would be universal 
and col1lpU18ory. This is the type 
of system proposed ill the Ken-
nedy-Corman bill. Corman 
elabo'rated further on his proposal 
in a later Triton Times interview. 

Under the Kennedy-Corman bill, 
he said aU medical expenses 
except adult dental wprk, lengthy 
psychiatric care and prescription 
drugs would be financed partly by 
a special tax imposed on em-
ployers, employees and the self-
employed, and partly by federal 
general revenues. It is this special 
tax that is one of main differences 
between many public health 

1096 DISCOUNT 
on any pu rch.lse w ith ,this coupon ad 

We W iJfll you 10 t ry a new dimension 
in soup & salad restaurants. 
We make our own soups and offer 
a choice of four, a thick casserole, 
salad bar, meat sandwiches or quiche. 
For dinner, after 5, we add an entree. 
We also serve beer. wine, and great 
desserts. 
Our prices are low; e)(ample : 
soup or sandwich & salad bar ... S2.59 
Salad bar or sandwich & oasserole ... $2.95 VtIaIe_ 
8 A .M . to 10 P.M. Daily 

7610 FA Y AVE . LA JOLLA. (714) 459.0504 

or contact the Revelle Residence 
Halls Office. 

AI part of abe "Mind Styles-Life 
Style" series Bob Cavanaugh will 
present a workshop titled 
"Learning to Laugh and Laughing 
to Live" on Monday May 2, at 3:00 
in the Muir apartment lounge. 

"Joba MIlIr Week" will be held 
May 7-14 and will include many 
events such as the "Annual Trike 
Race" and i trivia questionnaire 
on John Muir College. One purpose 
of "John Mllir Week" is to 
familiarize students with the 
various organizations at Muir 
designed to help them. 

"Pale Oae," a peer counseUng 
service, reminds students to take 
advantage of the help It can offer. 

do was turn around," he said, 
noting that he had nothing 
eloquent to say at the time they 
reached the top, except, 
humorously, that it was "a nice 
piece of snow. " 

"We knew that if we didn't 
get out of there, we were going 
to die," Chandler asserted, 
adding " we had to get out of the 
area, it was Just too 
inhospitable. " 

And although Chandler was 
more interested in the climb 
than in the experiments, 
electrocardiogram data . was 
coUected up until the equip-
ment would no longer function 

. past 23,000 ft . Investigators 
hope the data collected will add 
to our knowledge of the effects 
of extreme hypoxia and the 

. action of the heart at these high 
elevations. 

(.'o llgre'-S llIan Jam es Corman 
systems, notably the British and 
the Kennedy-Corman plan. 

Part of the problem that plagues 
the British public health system 
(which is totally government 
financed) is the lack of money. 
Because of this they have an 
inadequate number of hospital . 
beds, which results in long waiting 
lists. The British are also finding it 
difficult to change their c:urreAL 
health care ·system. 

Connan can't foresee these 
problema oc:curing under the 
Kennedy·Corman proposal. 
Besides the special tax to finance 
this he notes, we are a richer 
nation, and have more hospital 
beds and facilities than the 
British. He also added that people 
fear long waiting linea could stem 
from .the over utilization of the 
system. He stated .. uredly that.,. 
"Americans won't over utilize the 
I)'Item to the point where it wm 
break down, though It milia take 
some disdpUne on the part fl 
thOle who provide health care." 
Corman is also confident that 
there is enough Oexlbllity in his 
proposal for change, if It II 
warranted. 

Wed8e ... ,., AprI.,1m triton times 

Counseling ond Ps.Ychologicol SeNices--
Spring Quarter, 1977 

: ..................................... " ............................................................ .. ... .. . .. .. ... ... ... . ... .. ........ ... .. ...... .. .. .... ·0 . ................ . 
: Weiaht purposes embrace : cultural to help the student become more Collins, faci l itators. For more from 4-6 p.m. 412 Matthews: 
: Millnillpment exchan~e , unity, ident ity, in- successful and more motivated information they can be reached Campus. : 
: Group dividual feelin~s and emotions in his or her academic pursuits. at x·3755. Get away from texts, papers, and: 
: Tuesdays, 3 - 4 p.m., 412 Mat- concern i n~ psychosocial-political Hugh Pates, and Bob Kavanaugh , tests . Composed of coed teams,: 
: thews Campus. To lfelp you find issues, b icultural assimilation, facil itators. Ca ll Yolanda at x3490 GRADUATE the emphasis of thiS group w ill: 
: ways of modifying your eating understandin~ foreign and to sign up . STUDENT GROUP be on fun , creative games. and: 
• habits and develop support American-born Asians, job and Wednesdays, 4 • 6 p.m. 412 meeting people. Sports and: 
: systems to help maintain weight raci al di ~c rimination , job and SEX CLINIC Matthews Campus . The activities will include : superstars' : 
: reduction . . Diane Evans, graduate school opportun ities, Wednesd ays, 12:30 - 2:30 p.m . University interacts primarily on competition, basketball , soccer,: 
: facilitator . Call Becca or Jan at x- sharing of common problems, Revell e Counse l i ng Off ice , an Intellectual level with tenniS, gymnastics, golf , biking,: 
: 3755 to sign up. and related topics of interest. Revelle Provost's Office . "1embers of itl community . This baseball , swimming, etc . Other: 

: WOMEN'S SEXUALITY 
: GROUP 
: This group w i ll meet twice 
: weekly for five weeks : Tuesdays, 
: 7 . 9 p.m.; and Fridays. 9 - 11 
: a.m. Begins Apri l 26. 412 M at-
: thews Campus. 
: This group is for women who 
: have experienced di fficu Ity in 
: ac hl vi ng orga mic response. 
: Designed aft r Lonnie Barbac h's 
: pre-orgasmic women 's group at 
: Ihe Un iversity o f Californi a, San 
: FranCiSCO, thiS group w ill focus 
: on issues such as female sexual 
: myths, anger, fear, and loss of 
: control, in addi ti on to speci f ic 
: exercises aimed at exploring the 
: female sexua I response. Lauren 
: Ku hn and Jul ie Kenny , 
: faci litators. 

: ASIAN 
: RAP SESSION 
: Either Tuesdays, 3 - 5 p.m.; or 
: Wednesdays, 3 - 5 p.m. Begins 
: May 3. 41 2 Matthews Campus. 
: Individual, or, small-group in· 
: formal rap sessions for students 
: o f Asian extract ion . Broad ' 

Dennis Lee, facilitator. For in- For Ind ividuals or couples is espeCially ' true in Its sample events . 100~nch dash, : 
d iv ldual and / or group rap seeki ng information or coun· relationship with graduate four·team volleyball with one: 
signups: ca ll x·3755. For groups, seling about sexual concerns . student s. Interperso nal and partner using one leg only, and: 
please indicate whether Tuesday HUllh Pates, Dalynn Proffitt. and emotional interaction os footbal l With four downs to score : 
or Wednesday is preferred . LaurE-n Kuhn, facilitators. Call fr quently not recognized as a touchdown (rom the ten-yard: 

Yolanda at x-3490 to sign up. necessary for graduate student line hrst meeting will plan and: 
GENERAL RAP 
SESSIONS 
Either Tuesdays or Wednesdays , 
3 - 5 p.m . Begins Wedne day, 
May 4. 412 Matthews Campus. 
Rap about any concerns 10 your 
mind , su ch as : sexuality, 
roommates, cafeteria food, test 
anxi tv, parent s, term papers, 
grades. job-hunting, career, drugs, 
etc Dennis Lee, facilitator. Call 
.·3755 to sign up. Please give day 
preferred 

,ASSERTION 
TRAINING 
Wedne days, 2 - 4 p.m. 412 
Matthews Campus. 

Six week structured group in 
learning to stand up for your 
fights Without Violating the rights 
of others . For men and wom n. 
B t,:in April 20. Ca ll x3755 to 
,Ign up . 

MALE/ FEMALE 
RELA TlONSH IPS 
Wednesdays, 4 · 5:30 p.m. Begins 

MOTIVATIONAL WORKSHOP April 20. 412 Matthews Campus. 
Wednesdays, 9 . 10 a.m . Reve lle For men and women who are 
Provost's Office. Feel unable to Interested in exp loring 
get on w ith studying? Feeling ma le/ fema le roles, relationships, 
unable to get started when you and expecta tions. Th is group will 
have projects and papers due? focus on issues such as com· 
Feel overwhelmed by what you municat ion , establishing and 
have to do? I f you answer "yes" m ai n taining i nt e r personal 
to any or all of the above re lalionsh ips, and myths and 
questions, thi s group is for you . rea lit ies re: human sexua lity. 
The aim of the workshop will be - Lauren Ku hn and Brendan 

surVival ThiS !lroup focuses on develop c rea tive events: 
issues and dlfflcult,es involved in Thereafter, the group will meet: 
the sa tisfaction of other than on Thur days for two hour In : 
IntPllenual needs Robert Mash· the lat afternoon or early : 
man and Julie Kenny, facilitators evening Sign up Individually or : 
. ·37S5 With fri end(s) To do thiS, call : 
ST RESS AN D 
AN XIETY REDUCTION 
WORKSHOP 
Thumlays, 11 30 am . - 12'30 
P In Reve lle Provost's OffICe . 
Do you feel anxious in soci al 
si tuations? Do you feel uptIght 
and blocked when taking tests? 
Do your anx,ety get In Ih way 
of your studying? If your answer 
I "yes" to any of these. thi 
group is designed for you . Hugh 
Pates and Dalynn Proffitt • 
faci lilators. Call Yolanda at x-
3490 to si~n up. 

Becca or Jan at x·3755 and give : 
pr~f~rred Iwo-hour time bloc: 
( Ither 4 p m or 6 pm) Dennis: 
Lee, fdLllilator : 
FAMILY 
COUNSEl iNG 
For families of Judents 412 : 
M att hews Campus 

Single family or conjoint (two: 
or more family members of two: 
families) couns ling In which: 
family members meet together to : 
hare. learn, change, and grow : 
~xplore family dynamiCs in terms • 
of communication, interaction, : 
and understanding utilizing such: 
techniques as role-plaYing and : 
!loa I attainment . DenniS Lee. : 

"WAY-OUT" OLYMPKS facilitator . Call Becca or Jan at • 
Fir t meetlOg Thursday, May 5, x3755 for apPOintment. : 

.. " " .. " "" " " .. " " .... " " ...... " .. " " .. " ........ " ...... " " .......... " ...... " " " ...... " ...... .. ...... " ...................... " " ...................... " ........ " ............ " " " " .... " " .... " .. " .... " .. " .... " .. " .... " " .. " " .. " .. .. .... .. .............. .. ....................... : 

-

STUDENT PHYSICAL EDUCATION 

VOTE YES 

AND RECREATION CENTER 
fOR THE NEW 

• OPEN TO ALL STudENTS WiTIt UNUMiTEd p4RT.icip4TiON ANd No 4ddiTioN41 Clt4RGE 

• A RECRUTioN41 COMpLEX WhERE STudENTS will hA~E A MAJOR RoLE iN M4N4GEMENT 
• PROjECTEd f4CiliTiES iNcludE: P14yiNG fiElds, OUTdoOR OLYMpic siu SWiMMiNG pool, TENNis COURTS, 

h4Ndb41llR4counb4ll COURTS, dRyl4Nd ski 4RE4, jOG'iiNG Tuils, EOUESTRi4N CENTER, ANd MORE 
• AddiTioN41 Physic41 Educ4 TiON CUSSES 

• INCRE4SEd F4ciliTiES fOR INTR4MUR41s ANd 4N OPPORTUNiTY TO pby iN MORE Th4N ONE lE4GUE iN 

uch SpORT 

• FREE TUNSPORTATioN TO TItE RECR~TiON CENTER fROM C4MpUS \ 
VOTE YES AND SUPPORT THIS NEW FACILITY FOR YOU, tHE UCSD STUDENT 

T~la . as Well as p_Ious advet1laemeot. , WeAl totally paid by funds genented through the Phyatc.l Education Dept. Absolutety no studenl 
lunds were used 

Pale 11 



,-- I 
F11>or Hockey 

.Final Playoffs 
lIEN'S" A" PLA VOWS 

Semiflnala: 
WHAT THE PU(]( 2 
LITTLE GREEN BAGS t 

Finals: 

CASRILLO KILLERS 0 
MOZE AND BOZE 2 

LITTLE GREEN BAGS 2 WHAT 'mE PUCK 1 

ALL TOURNAMENT TEAM 
Goalie : Jon Turner (WHAT THE PUCK) 
Center: Joel Glover (WHAT THE PUCK) 
Forwards: Bill Bunger (lJTTLEGREEN BAGS) 

Mike Schein (lJTTLE GREEN BAGS) 
Defense: Mike Adelman (lJ'ITLEGREEN BAGS) 

Jeff Cannis (MOZE AND HOZE ) 
MVP: Bunger 

MEN'S " B" PLAYOFFS 
Semifinals: 

FLYING SNOLUI 3 
ZINGERS 1 

BBB 2 
WHARF RATS 0 (OT) 

Finals: 
FLYING SNOI...UI 2 

AU.. TOURNAMENT TEAM 
Goalie: Pat McGovern (FLYING SNOLLS) 
Center: Neil Levine (ZINGERS) 
Forwards: Ted Clark (FLYlNGSNOI...UI) 

Barry Schwartz (FLYING SNOLLS) 
Defense: Ken Ward (WHARF RATS) 

Jim Strebig (ZINGERS) 
MVP: McGovern 

COED "B" PLAYOFFS 
Semifinals: 

ZINGERS 1 (OT) 

MOBY STICKS 3 
'TIflGH STICKERS 5 

PUCKER POWER 2 (11 OT's) 
SPHYGMO) t 

Finals: 
MOBY STICKS 3 THIGH STICKERS 

ALL TOURNAMENT TEAM 
Goalie: Ron Neef (PUCKER POWER) 
Center: Craig Alhanati (MOBY STICKS) 
Forwards: Debbie Shapiro (MOBY STICKS) 

Connie Parker (,mIGH STICKERS) 
Mark DaRe (TIJIGH STICKERS) 

Defense: Martha Gage (MOBY STICKS) 
Eve Collins (TIDGH STICKERS) 
Bob Bayse (MOBY STICKS) 

MVP: Alhanati 

7443 La .IoNa Blvd 
454·3038 
Men & women •• we specialize in haircutting only .. 

NEW DOG RULES 
Dogs must be on a hand held leash. 

No dogs in classrooms 
teacling laboratories •• 

Dog ,. I not in the vicinity of their 
owner wi. be taken to the pound. 

3 

Persons ill violation are subject to citation. 

These rules apply to all 
students, staff and faculty. 

Sporting Politics 
I can ten you right now, they are going about it aU 

wrong. 
They need a president for the new AIaociated 

students UCSD government 80 they plan 011 bokUng 
the usual come-one-come-all-most-votes-.,ins 
election. 

But it won't work. It never bas and it never wllL 
Guaranteed flaking . You rely on an IIIlinformed 
uncollCemed student body vote and you can be lUre 
of getting a president with the morals of a goat, the 
leadership capabilities of a lemming and the in-
tegrity of a slot machine. 

The problem, you see, is the politicians win 
elections. So the student government ends up being 
headed by a politician, the worst type of ~n, 
history shows, to be found in politics. 

What's needed is a different process for selecting a 
chief; one tbat does not rely on the whims of the 
voting population. There must be a better method for 
judging candidates' skills in the crucial abilitlea tmt 
this job requires. Needed is a competition, a sport, to 
objectively determine the most quaUfled individual 
for the job. 

•••• 

ean it a Political Peritatblon. Five events, Ove' 
scores, bighest total wins. Simple. 

Here are the events: . 
Tongue Wagging: With a ban bung from the tip of 

their tongues, candidates see bow many times they 
can alternately touch their chins and lick the end of 
their noses in sixty seconds. The number of touch-
licks is multiplied by the degree IX difficulty 
associated with the ball being used. OOD's range 
from .2 (ping pong balls) to 3.1 (bowling balls). 

The Run Around : Each candidate sits in an office 
and meets with ten students, all of wbom have 
trawnatic problems that need irmnediate attention. 
The candidate gets the entire group out of his office 
by telling each of them a place where his problem 
can be solved. The object of the candidate is to avoid 
seeing any of the students again for as long as 
possible. Avoidance time is multiplied by 1 over the 
distance the candidate travels frem his or her 

THE EASTER TOAD IS HOPING 

starting point. 
Economic Maximlution, or DealInI: EKb ~ 

didate has twenty.four t.rs to turn a gram of 
cocaine into as much mooey as possible. AItboqb 
intermediate trades and dea1s IDIIf be made, oaIy 
cash will be accepled at the end of the pnICribed . 
time period. 

Back Stabbing: Despite the name of tbIa event, 
knives are not the only pieces of special equipment 
allowed in this competition. The candidate may UIe 
the weapon of bis or her cbok:e to destroy stuffed 
dummies represelting the two peopJe each of them 
most fear. Since this is a contelt of style, candidates' 
scores will be determined by a campI1cated formula 
relating speed of destruction, death potential of the 
weapon UBed and degree of boredom aJjblted by the 
candidate during the act of kiWDC. For eumple: a 
ten second kill usiDg a .44 Magnum wbile keeping a 
Clint Eastwood look in the face would be worth about 
90 points; a good IICOn. 

Ass-Kissing: Eacb candkllte is given a nlbber 
plunger and eighty __ miN", to unclog Itoppeckap 
toilets located at the homes of four pramlDent UCSD 
administrators. Eacb toilet wDl be wed&ed hetween 
two l2' It 12' opaque white balIoD8 in order to make 
access especiaDy clfflcult. IJesIdes speed, ~ 
didates will be awarded extra pointa if tbey are able 
to get help from the aclministraton tbernMves. 
Double points will be given to any candidate tbat is 
able to enlist the services of ODe of tbeIe Individuals 
for work on one of the toilets owned by another of the 
administrators. 

•••• 

That's it. The perfect coutest for determiJ1ing 
UCSD's new Associated Studera presldera. I know it 
sounds like a grueling test, ODe that will tax the mc.t 
aspiring candidate. BlA we are talking about a 
positiOll of enreme importance. We cannot afford 
baving political rookies lucking into control of 
student. government. 

We need a skiUed champion, a proven leader. The 
job is no tea party. Only the great must prevail. 

Hail To The Chief! ! ! 

Intramural 
Softball 
Rankings 

MEN'S "A" 
1. BOATSOIL 1~ 
2. SANDPIPERS 0.0 
3. DUDLEY SPORTS 1-41 
4. DEKAPHRENIA 1-41 
5. HOUSE OF DA YID 1-41 
6. UNKNOWN 0.0 
7. REUBEN AND TIlE JETS 1-41 
8. GROIN SHOTS 0.0 
9. APPLE 1-41 ~ 10_ SLY DEVILS 0.0 

m 
~ MEN'S "C" 
(; 1. MEN OF ACTION 1~ 
o 2. ROMANS 1~ 
; 3. DIAMOND DICKS 1-0 

t . EATS MICE 1-0 
5. BALL FOUR 1-41 
6. STRIKEOUTS 1-0 
7. COITUS INTRAMUR.ALS I-I 
8. FRUMPKINS PHUKNUTZ 1-41 

HE CAN EGG YOU IN TO SEE OUR NEWlY 
BUT NOT COMPLETELY REDECORATED 

STORE FOR All YOUR EASTER GOODIES ... 

9. ELLEVER 1-41 
10. ELECTRIC SLUGS 1-41 

COED TOP TEN 

7503 GIRARD AVENUE 
lAJOUA ' 

1. PROPHESY 1-41 
2. DEEP IN 11fE HOLE 1-41 
3. HOlES "N POLES .1-41 
t . RENOBS 1" - -=-
5. NO SOX 1-41 
6. LAGNAF 1-41 
7. KANKKUD .-41 
8. BUFFALO BUMPERS 1-41 
9. COOLBREEZERS 1-41 
10. CARTWRIGHTS 1-41 

MEN'S"B" 
1. LILIES OF 11fE FlEW 1-41 
2. DEL MAR BOYS 1-41 
3_ DREAMERS CREAMERS 1-41 
4. BONZO TRIES AGAIN 1-41 
5. CONSUMPfION FUNCTIONI-41 
6. LOBOTOMYTES 1-41 
7. BIO-HAY.ARDS 1-41 
8. PRIDE OF ITALY 1-41 
9. BRUTAL 1-41 
10. RUNS 1-41 

WOMEN'S TOP TWO 
1. NINE EASY PIECES 1-41 
2.SOFTBALLERS 1-41 

W."._y,AprI_,1m I""'., 1 h •• os 

TRiTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
housiNG 

Own room In 2 blinn l1li. In Del M ... 120 per 
month utilities Included-deposll ? Available 
this month. c.l1 ~~78 no tob.:co 
smokers pi_I (4120) 

Must sell Immediately to an oIf-campus 
studentll-I houal!'G contrac:l for Muir ."IS. 
Christi 453-WlI (4120) 
Couple needs apt. In UCSD ..... Ihls 
summer: good refs.: Gall Anlla al 75~8299 
_So (4/25) 

Roomale needed 10 shara 2 Bdrm ApI. for 
summer possibly nexl yr. In oat Mar I bIk 10 
bCh. 756-6538 (4122) 

Europe. Israel, Orient . Australia. NY & Chi . 
Comptete studenl travel center. AIST. 291 .S. 
La Clenaga Bt. "01 Beverly HIli • . 2131657. 
2727 (6/12) 
EUROPE-Inexpensive camping. studentl 
faculty IIIghts. Write or call lor free 
brochure. National Student Travel Bureau 
IOC7 Boxlon Av. '18 . L.A.. CA 90024 
213 /478·02<n (4122) . 

Book now - book on campus! 
Europe. Hawaii & Australia 
Charter IIlghts 
CIEE student Travet Services 
Open weel<days 1·5 pm 452-0630 

Low COSI trips 10 ports .... d vII leges In Ihe 
Soulh Pacific . Free catalog : Goodman's 
Good Tr8\l81 Tours. Dept. SO 5332 College 
Ave .• Oakland , CA94618 (4129) 

Low OOSI trips to ports and villages In the 
SOuth Pacific. Free catalog: Goodman's 
(4/29) Good Trevet Tours, Dept. SO 5332 
College Av • .• Oakland. CA 94618 (4129) 
Going to Alaska ," May If you want to share 
gas call Cpl Desoto at 22~3162 7-4 weekdays 
(4120) 

Book Now-Book On Campus I Europe . HawaII 
& Australia Charter Flighis. CIEE Student 
Travel services . Open weekdays t2·4 pm 452· 
0630. 

jobs 
WEAl - Now hiring . Need ~ students for 
pan·time- work. earn 5400/mo. Call between 
to am-noon. 262·1524 (4/71) 

Typing IBM selectric. Theses. lerm papers, 
etc. 462-1 WI evenings. (6/6) 

Besl Plclure. Besl Direction &aid the 
National Society of Film Cntlce " BlOW-Up" 

" A beautiful and slartling film" 
- Judith Crisl 

" Blow-Up" Thurs. Apr. 21 USB 2722 7 & 9 
p.m. 

Ton bellt IIsl said Newsweek, Saturday 
Aeview and The NY Times T1K al BOK Office 
lor " Blow-Up' 

Attention Sue Linder! Don't look now. but 
II's coming out 01 your sleevesl • 

Dear Fa t Alison. once beaullful , now 
bloated. what Is with you?? 

Flying 10 cavls on Frl. 4-22, return Mon. a 
lew seals tell. Low cost. Call Mark 7~~ 7709. 

fOR SAlE 
Scube gear-SeaIlaWk linile $24. Welghl belt 
and 24 lbe . $18. Cold waler hood $14. call 

75~259 ait . 6 p.m. (4171) 

78 Pontla~ Aslre, air, ps. PB , whitewall 
radials , ~spd manual. digital tach, extras . 
6500 mile •• 33 mpg. below blue book. 459-
8475 (4120) 

'59 VW camper 1500cc rebuilt eng $1000 new 
lires, battery brakes elc. x4151 day 753-2228 
eves Michael (4122) 
Bulla It In yourself! AM·FM siereo receivers 
'NIOUI cabinets $71 .50 up. 8 lrack tape 
players. no cabinet $12.95 Inlegraled 
Computer Electronics. Suite t ·D, 10951 
Sorrenlo Valley Rd. Open M-F 9·5:30 (4120) 

Opel 57-musl sell ; handles well· new starter, 
radio: 87.000 m . Asking 5495. Keep trying: 
755·6917 (4122) . 

Electronic components at low prices in-
cluding LED displays 45c up: SCA·. $1 . 25. 
Amp bridge rectifiers $1 .85. Integraled 
Computer Electronics. Suite 1-0, 10951 
Sorrento Valley Rd. Open M·F 9·5:30. (41 <n) 

"BLOW UP" 
Stunning-Fascinating 

TicketS on sale aLBo}( of lice 
-NY Times 

For sale complete diving equipment. Alum. 
tank regulator su,t BC and all accesories. 
$350 583-4027 Jon 

DYNACO 410 power amp. 200 wlt:hannel I 
yr. S280 755-6493 (4122) 

US Divers Thermof08m wet suit , jacket and 
panls $40 . sleeves and long·johns $25 call 
453-7184 evening. 

Have I got a skin care program lor you! Free 
consultation and gilt thru 4129. Reasonable 
cost for COmplete sels • try before you buy. 
I'm a student too - call early am or aiter 5 
p.m. Ashley 459-5467 (4122) 

Greal for business! Lg 12 dlg~ liquid crystal 
display desk calculalor $34 .95 Has memory, 
$posltion Integrated computer electronisc. 
suite t·D 10ASI Sorento Valtey Rd. Open M-
F9-5:3O (41<;'01 

Banjo - Dey • 5 string with case. Ex con-
dition paid $180 wanl $90 . Call 453-3115 

Honda 450 DOHC • 197t clean & ex. oon-
aitlon runs perfecl. $595 or best offer call 
453-3115 

WANTEd 
Need extra cash? Paying top dollar tor U.S. 
Silver COins belore 1965. Also buying Old 
coins. Call Ken 75~ 7371 (6/12) 
Someone to pull weeds once Of twice a week. 
S2.50/hr. at Solana Mar Apts .• 309 Soiana 
Hills. Solana Bch. 755-4882 (6/12) 
Student Irom Germany needs female 
students with some knowledge in German to 
exchange German and English . Cal l 269-
2538 alter 7 p.m. (4125) 

Lost blue raincape wilh red & blue plaid 
linIng & attached hOod. 1/ found please call 
271-<1326. (4122) 

• SERVICE 

Finally . a lemiOlst approach 10 skin care no 
Hyp&-four 'pecilic "p~ wtlh personal (Iree) 
consultatIon and a grll for calling before 
4129. My compleXIon IS proof that aUontion 
gets r~sults AShley 459-5467 (4122) 

Grad will tutor math. calculus , trig. 51at 
theory and prOblem solving . For clear un-
derstanding call Dan 753-8952 

Grad wi ll tutor math. calculus. trig stats 
theory and problem solving claar un-
derstanding Dan 753-8952 (4118) 

LOST at fOlJNd 
Reward: Contents (papersl of two briefcases 
lost Sunday 4117 In Mandeville tOl . call 
ooltect 213-487-2689 Of 21:h'184'()247 . No 
QuesllOns asked . 

LOSI: Texas Insl. calCUlator. (SR·56) and 
black case. Reward . No questions asked. 1/ 
found . call Kirk 271 ·9195 

What's it really like out there beyond the borders of UCSD? How 
do you go about getting a job when you graduate, and what 

shOUld you do now to make it easier? Aside from what you rei' 
in cata logs , what are the day·to.<fay duties and responsibilities 

your prospective 10' 

The an wers to these and many more questions will soon b~ 
available to you . The Career/ Life Planning Committee in 

conjunction with the Torrey Pines. Rotary Club is sponsoring a 
profeSSions and careers workshop entitled, "Beyond the IvOl'y 

Tower." ProfeSSionals representing a variety of iields from 
bu iness to communications will briefly describe their jobs-what 

they lik and dislike about them, how they got to be where they 
are, openings in the field, etc., and speak With interested students 

on an Individual basis answering any questions you might have. 
Refreshments will be served during the program. 

Wednesday, April 20 
7pm Building C 
Student Center 

"ousing 'Information Undergraduate Dorms and Apartments 1977-78 
Room Draws are now being held for undergraduate housing for returning students for the academic year 1977-
78. Applications and information are avai.lable at each Resident Dean/ Counselor Office, and at the Residential 
A'partments OfOce. Dealines for submitting applications for each location are: . 

Location Deadline Person to Contact 

Revelle Res Halls 4 / 19 Autumn 452-3025 

Muir Res Halls 4/ 29 Lenore 452-4200 
r 

Muir Apartments 4/ 22 Lenore 452-4200 

Third Apartments 4/ 26 Erni 452-4340 

Fourth Res Halls 4/ 25 Doris 452-4581 

Meso Apartments 4/ 25 Pat 452-2952 

The double room, 19 meal plan rate for Rnelle alld Fourt .. Colleae nellt year I $1,887. The rate at Muir Is 
S I ,192. The Undel1raduate Apartme.". at Mesa wlU rent for $96J and the apartment at Thlrd Colleae and Muir 
will rent for 5973. No IIntli exct.a. win be offered at Me •• A l4-meal plan will be offered as an option for.1I 
students with a SJ3/year Madl ... In rate. For more detailed Information concernln. rat ,contact the 
Hou Ing Admlnl tratlon, 106 Matthew Ca.pus, 452-4010. 

\ 



.... 11 ......... h ..... WedDe.,. AprIl_. 1171 

, I 
At Anheu r-Bu ch, we believe in brewing 
Bu ch beer ju t ne way. The natural way. ~ 

. BUSCH. 
When you belia.e in what wu're doing, 

you just naturally do it better. " 


