
Courses b Ne r 
Courses Without Classes a Hit, 

. by Joel C. Don 
Associate News Editor 

In the great struggle for 
readership, newspapers are ex-
ploring new avenues of in-
formation exchange in order to 
recapture an audience lost to 
television and other forms of the 
rapidly developing electronics 
media. . 

The New York Times and DaRy 
News have adopted new fonnats 
by increasing column sizes, ex-
tending the investigative stories 
and concentrating on the 'in-
terpretation of news. 

Newspaper magnate Helen 
Copley and San Diego Union editor 
Gerald Warren met with local 
college students in an attempt to 
understand the needs of the 
yOWlger reading audiences. 

Mini-Magazines 
Mini-magazines featuring 

personality gossip, entertainment 
calendars and "things-to-do" have 
sprouted and proven successful in 
newspapers from the prestigious 
Boston Globe to our own Los 
Angeles Times. 

Much of this activity speaks of a 
growing concern for the national 
decline in a "reading public." And 

' UCSD, without any formal jour-' 
nalism program, may have one of 

the solutions to the newspaper 
dilemma. 

University Extension has been 
combfning the resources of the 
academic community with the 
enonnous exposure potential of the 
daily . and weekly newspapers. , 
"Courses by Newspaper," a 
project of Extension, offers an 
infonnal educational experience 
through an extended series of 
articles written by some of the 
most prominent thinkers in our 
society. 

The entire program is coor-
dinated by the National Board, a 
group of nine educator~, scholars 
and authors including Ralph Waldo 
Ellison (author of The Invisible 
Man), Herbert Brucker (ret. editor 
of the Hartford Courant) and 
UCSD professors Frederick A. 
Olafson and Paul D. Saltman. 

College Participation 
Since 1975, George Colburn has 

been Project Director of "Courses 
by newspaper." He ' directs a 
project which includes the par-
ticipation of over 200 colleges and 
universities and more than 400 
newspapers including the San 
Diego Union, the Washington Post, 
the Chicago Tribune and the 
Milwaukee Journal. 

According to Colburn, over 20,000 
people have received college credit 

for reading the weekly newspaper 
articles, studying supplemental 
materials, meeting with professors 
and other students and taking 
examinations at participating 
colleges and1lJ1iversities. 

" Appealing to a non-educational 
audience helps dissolve some of the 
fears that people have of the big 
university," Colburn said, and 
suggested that the program can be 
a way to "interest people in the 
educational process." 

The program is funded by a 
grant from the National 
Endowment for the Hwnanities 
(NEH) and Colburn is proud of the 
fact that this is the only on-going 

. project with "regular funding from 
the NEH. "It's an extremely 
significant educational program 
which has no comparison to 
anything that has been done," he 
commented. 

Community Involvement 
Colburn noted that there is a 

great interest in "community 
participation" in every town. The 
program is attempting to "refine 
the concept of commumty 
discussion primarily for those 
people who want more than just 
what the newspaper articles 
themselves offer." 

Courses have included studies of 
Continued on Page 7 

Proposed State Senate Bill Would Mandate 
Refunds for A,I Th.rowaway Containers 

by Vera M.L Todorov 
Community Editor 

Momentum is building rapidly 
over a $enate bill which would 
mandate refund values on all beer 
and soft drink containers sold in 
California. 

Senator Orner L. Rains (0-
Ventura), who introduced the 
Beverage Reuse and Recycling 
Act, said "the recent passage of 
initiatives similar to my bill in the 

reminder that we cannot continue 
our " throwaway" habits since our 
resources are limited. 

Rains introduced the same 
proposal last year in the State 
Senate, but it was later killed in a 
Senate Committee by a tie vote. 
The new session's bill, SB4, is 
expected to be heard by the 
committee in early February. 

a 60 percent vote after being 
outspent ten to one, and in 
Massachusetts, where proponents 
were reportedly outspent by more 
than sixty to one, a similar 
initiative lost by only one half of 
one percent," Rains said. 

The bill is supported in 
California by the League of 
Wom'Cn's Voters, a' Retail 
Marketers Union, and numerous 
sportsmans clubi. 

~ALCHOCES 
II_I. r.r., 

.KIIIt 

Root Causes of Rape· 
Examined in Lecture 

by Kim Krasne 
Staff Writer 

Freada Klein, a leading authority on rape, will launch UCSD Rape 
Awarne~s Week with her lecture program, " Rape Culture", tonight at 
8: 00 pm m the Revell~ Cafeteria. 

"Rape Culture" deals extensively with all aspects of rape : its 
psychology, sociology, laws~ self-defense (including physical and mental 
preparedness), prevention and education. 

Klein's program utilizes a documentary film which illustrates that the 
root causes of rape are embedded within our culture are are not simply 
individual aberrations. 

Having done extensive work with women's centers rape counseling 
prisoners and criminal legal investigation, Klein is 'the co-founder of 
Alliance Against Sexual Coercion and is on the steering committee of The 
Rape Crisis Center of Washington, D.C., as well as BAWAR (Bay Area 
Women Against Rape). 

Rape Consultant 
Klein has served as a consultant to ABC television and to a nwnber of 

national organizations including the National Council of Churches for the 
National Rape Education Project. She served as consultant for the 
" rape" chapter of the best-selling book, Our Bodies, Ourselves, and is an 
edito~ial.staff member of F AAR (Feminist Alliance Against Rape). 

Kern 15 a graduate of the University of California, School of 
Continued on Page 3 

Ross Pumfrey, Senator Rains' 
press secretary, said that an 
empty seat had been filled on the 
conunittee that will probably yield 
a vote in favor of the bill. The bill, 
if it is passed by the committee, 
will be passed on t& the Senate 
Revenue and Taxation Committee. 
It is said that by making all bottles 
recyclable it will mandate a "new" 
crime that might be prosecutable. 
Pwnfrey said in Oregon where the 
bottle bill was passed three years 
880, only four indictments have 
been made. He also stated that the 
bill will not cost local governments 
much money, because very little 
enforcement will be needed. 

Sa Abortion S cialist 

1/ passed. state Senate Bill 4 will end 
the age 0/ the unreturnable bottle 
and its Inherent litter problem. IT 
Photo : Bill Brooks 

states of Michigan and Maine 
should signal to the beverage and 
container industries that their 
intense and expensive lobbying 
campaigns cannot extend forever 
to Our currently wasteful system." 

Rains stated that this proposal 
ha five principal goala: including 
a reduction in Utter, energy, raw 

. materia la, 1.'OIta to the consumers, 
and perhaps most importantly, a 

Lobby OppositioD 
The greatest problem in passing 

the bill is "not a lack of support," 
said Pumfrey. He continued that 
"If the bill doesn't pass this year it 
will be because of heavy lobby 
powers ... We can only hope that 
the public is as enthusiastically for 
it as the lobbyists are against it.' 

Senator Rains added, .. In 
Michigan, the opposition to the 
returnable container initiative 
reportedly spent nearly $2.5 
million while the proponents, 
mostly public interest groups, 
spent only $100,000. Yet the 
measure, in receiving a favorable 
63 percent vote from the people, 
was overwhelmingly passed. " 

"In Maine, proponents receiv d 

"No On.e Solution to Unwanted Pregnancy" 
by Laura Richter 

Staff Writer 

Five to six thousand abortions 
are given each year in San 
Diego County alone and most 
. are perfonned on single white 
women under the age of 25. One-
third of these women are 
teenagers. But, what the 
statistics do not reveal is that 
abortion is never an easy ex-
perience for any girl or woman. 

"There is no one solution to an 
unwanted pregnancy," says Dr. 
Cynthia D. Martin, who will 
teach an Extension course 
entitled "The Psychology of 
Abortion" on the UCSD campus 
Feb. 4~. Martin finds that, " It' 
often difficult for a young girl to 
get help where she won't be 
pushed with one alternative, 
such as abortion or adoption." 

Although she recommends 
the- weekend course for UCSD 
students, Martin expects that 

the majority of the participants 
will be counselors of pregnant 
women and girls. She stresses 
that it is important to " bring 
everything out in the open," and 
for the counselor to aid the 
pregnant woman in uncovering 
possible alternatives and 
consequences in her situation. 
Guilt, future sexuality and 
future relations with the baby's 
father are among those 
problems which must be dealt 
with. 

. Ambivalence About 
Abortion 

Those who have attended past 
seminars on "The Psychology 
of Abortion" given by Martin 
include counselors, teachers, 
social workers , ministers, 
parents and nurses. "Some of 
the nurse ," Martin aid, 
" Want to know how to deal with 
hospital patients who hav 
ambivalent f ling about an 
abortion they'v rived. Or 
'---~---------------

in some cases, the nurses or 
other participants have their 
own ambivalent feelings about 
abortion. " 

Martin considers adoption a 
viable alternative for those 
women would not otherwise be 
able to keep their babies. 
"Some pregnant girls and 
women say they don't want to 
give birth to an unwanted 
baby," she says. "They don't 
realizp. there are a tremendous 
numbtlr of people wanting to 
adopt ,'>abies. 

"If these pregnant girls or 
womer under tand this, " h 
continLed, "they may elect to 
go ahead with the pregnancy, 
and put th child up fOJ adop-
tiUH. ~ 111 ~",u~! &J:" f-:-
pregnancy counseling and 
n ver h ar about adoption, or 
about keeping their babl ." 
he said. 
Repr entativ s of 

Continu d on Page 

I 
local I 

I 



Pap I 

Gre~t Day for Campus 
At long a t, It appears Third College wDl be uaited on It. own campus. 

Gov. Brown has locluiled Ia his 1977-78 budget proposal plaonlag funds 
for compl.~ n of the Third campus. ADd It Is, Ia the words of Assistaat 
CbancellorDavld Ryer, "A great day for the campus." 

Last year, the mala obstacle to the inclusion of funding for Third, Unit 
Two, was that Brown never Indicated his support for tbe project. After 
the state Seaate Ftaaoce Subcommittee on Higher Educatioa rejected the 
funding last year, cbalrman Walter Stlern [O-Los Angeles] sald, "n the 
Governor Isn't sold oa tbe Idea, when we put It In he'll just whack It out 
with a blue pencil." - . 

This year, thougb with Brown's sanction, the chances appear good the 
Legislaturt:..wlll approve tbe funding. 

There Is only one poteatlal' sour note ia the proceedings. According to 
state finance department official Dick Cuttings, Brown Insert~d Unit Two 
IWlding in his budget only after a compromise was worked out by 
Chancellor McElroy, under wblch. Fourth College Is forced to remain on 
Mattbews Campus. 
. This Is an unfortunate development. U Fourth Is left on Matthews, It 
will always be the orphan college of UCSD, boused primarily In old, 
World War Two vintage buildings. Although the Chancellor has promised 
"some upgrading" for Matthews, funding for any Improvement must be 
approved by the Governor and Legislature. In view of the struggle to gain 
money for Unit Two, this may pr:ove difficult. 

But, for the moment, everyone should celebrate. The complet~on of 
Third campus is a rare project at UCSD, rare In that everyone m the. 
campus community can support it. And the fact that Third College will 
soon have its own home Is indeed cause for celebration. 

Don't Blow It 
It isn' t everyday that students are invited to pick their own governing 

body. Yet sucb is the case here. We will have tbe chance to pick our own 
govenunent this quarter. 

It seems, however, that DO one cares~ 
As of last week, no petitions suggesting new governmental models had 

been submitted to the Student Center. There are petitions being cir-
culated in an effort to beat the Friday submission deadline. These 
petitions, however, only represent mOdels devised by the summer Task 
Force on Student Governance. 

Apparently, no one else is interested. That's too bad. Believe it or not, 
student government has some important functions that affect all of us. It 

~presents us to local administrators and in the statewide arena. Most 
importantly, it allocates a sizeable chunk of student money. 

In addition, there is room on the referendum ballot for comprehensive 
questions. There are many Issues that could be placed on the ballot: 
issues on which we should make our opinions known-registration fee 
level and useagc, UC admissions policies and tenure standards are just 
three. 

All it takes is a petition with 250 student signatures to put a question on 
the ballot. 

This is a good opportunity for us to make our opinions known. We 
shouldn't blow it. 

Let Lights S.hine on. 
Rape Awareness Week 

Rape is a terrible crime, a violation of a woman's mind as well as her 
body, of her sense .,f seU-dignity and worth. It should be the concern of 
every member of society, female and male. But rape is made all the more 
terrible because society has always shunted its existence into a darkened 
comer, treated it in pompous textbook terms or with nervous laughter. 

AT UCSD, however, an effort is being made to take rape out of the dark, 
to hold it to the light and show everyone its ugliness. This year the Rape 
Task Force has tried to make the campus community aware that rape is 
a problem everywhere. And now the task' force has plaoned a week of 
activities, a Rape Awareness Week, to focus attention on the problem. 

The events this week Include films, lectures and informal discussions 
with authorities on the subject of rape. Two of the more late resting events 
are a lecture and film presentation with Freada Klein, a consultant at the 
Washington DC-based Rape Crisis Center, and, " Rape on Campus," with 
Third College Dean Beverly Varga and campus policewoman Debbie 
Peterson. 

This is an extremely worthwhile project about a problem that should be 
a concern to everyone in the UCSD community. Everyone should take the 
lime to check out one of the planned events. 

This is also a good time for the administra Uon to finally al\eviate a 
situation that pract!cally invites, or at least facilitates, rape on campus. 
It is time to put up adequate lighting In the darkened areas aroWld UCSD. 

Area .. that should be given decent lighting include outside the Central 
Librar; , behind the Humanities Library, the. southern path between 

buildin ~ and building B of the Student Center, the auxiliary parking lot 
at Mul . and the wooded areas around the International Center and bet-
ween Ur~y Hall and the gymnasiums. This certaInly Is not a complete 
list, bu . it should give some idea 01 the magnitude of the lighting problem. 

Brin:!, illg IighLto sbine in the dark areas of UCSD would be a very good 
way fur tfie administration to parll ipllte in Rape Awarencss Week. 

And :f ~ou think rape isn' t a problem at UCSD, there were at least six 
rapes "n ampus last quarter. 

The Trrton Times is published by UCSD students as an ofllcial student newspaper. 
PubtiCi ti't' Ig on MOndays. WedneSdays and Fridays during the regutar school year 
(excep or ofl,clal holiday.) Ed Itorial and business offices are tocated in the Student 
Center at the UnlVers,ty of Calilornla . San D'ego. For edItorial. call 452·3466; for business 
and display advertiSing . call 452·3468. 

Letters to the editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All sub:nlsslons mu.t be typed 
and double-spaced on a 74· space line. They should not exceed 1· 1 /2 pages In length. 

Submitted maieriatmusl bear the name and student Identlllc8t1on number 01 the author. 
Names can be withheld from pubhcatlon on requesl : however the names will be held on file 
fo'r publ,c ,nspectlon 

The Triton Times r eNes the "Uhl 10 ed,t submissions because of space limitations or 
stYla r8quiremenls 

Enllre con lenlS copyright t 977 the T"ton r"nes 

I rllOIll1 OM'S 

Com menta 

Bakke. Decision: 
by Marc Wutschke 

Student Coalltloa Agalast Racism 

The California' State. Supreme Court struck down 
the UC Davis special admissions program as un-
constitutional on September 16, 1976 . . This was a 
result . of a suite against the UC system by Alan 
Bakke, a 34 year old 'white engineer who after twice 
being refused admission to the UC Davis. medical 
school charged the UC with " reverse 
discrimination." 'He based this charged on the co~ 
tention that the UC has provisions for special. ad-
missions of Third World students that took Into co~ 
sideration lower criteria for these students than for 
white student:!. 

Now widely known as the Bakke decision, this 
ruling sets a dangerous precedent to invalidate all 
special admission and affirmative action programs 
state-wide and nationally. 

Affirm~tive action and ' special admission 
programs are designed to overcome previous 

discriminatio~rimination that has made the UC 
system predominately composed of those of white . 
middle class backgrounds. Because of segregatedly-
zoned inferior housing and neighborhoods, local 
financing of schools and depressed social conditions) 
oppressed national minority populations have access 
to the- most Inferior schools and learning e~ 
vironments. Thus, they certainly cannot be expected 
to achieve the same level in the white, middle class 
oriented college entrance requirements . But the 
ability and intelligence is there . 

To uphold the Bakke decision would be, in effect, to 
perpetuate this discrimination and to deny minorities 
the right to access to the same edu~ational facilities 
as whites. This is a c.onstitutional right, established 
by the United States Supreme Court in 1954. 

To maintain that the Special Admissions program 
of the UC is revelJle discrimination is at best vacuous. 
To contend that a minority segment of the population 
which is oppressed subordinately in opportunity by a 
dominant sector of the population can be in a position 
to discriminate the practice racism against the o~ 
pressor is deficient in logic and wron£ in fact . . 

On the contrary, the Bakke decision is a racISt 
attack on the rights of minorities to an equal 
education. It is only a most recent attack that has 
come in a recent context of a general attack on the 
gains and rights minorities have won since the late 
sixties. We have Seen a resurgence in many quarters 
of racist fotces . In Boston and Pasadena, as well as 
many other communities, a mass mobilization of 
racist forces and sentiment was launched against the 
rights of Blacks to gain equal access to the public 
schools. The campaign undocumented Mexican 
workers. the forced sterilization. of Chicanos and 
Puertoriquenos, the racist frame-ups of Hurricane 
Carter, Jo Annn Little, Gary Tyler, plus many others, 
and the activities of the Ku Klux Klan at Camp 
Pendleton are tantamount Incidents of a national 
racist offensive. 

Further, the Bakke decision is part of an attack on 

How t~ Fight it 
the entire educational community. St~dents and 
faculty are faced with shrinking funds and finanCial 
aid, growing class size, cutbacks in enrollment 
erosion of the Jllready tenuous job security ~ 
graduate students, etc. 

These cutbacks and the racist offensive are the 
solutions that the rulers of our contry are using in 
face of the current crisis of our capitalist economy. 
To " economize" the capitalists are exposIng their 

. priorities. In a crisis the first victims are those on the 
lower socio-economic ladder and the programs for 
health, education, and welfare. Since the oppressed 
national minorities are by necessity significant 
recipients of these programs, a climate of racism 
aids in the acceptance of these cuts by the majority 
white population. 

It is being more and more realized that these cuts 
are and will continue to increasingly affect programs 
that benefit many whites. In education, for example, 
the .American capitalists realize that they can no 
longer meet the expectations of students looking for a 
decent job, and thus are striving to decrease the 
number of college students. A revealing statement of 
this effort is contained in a report of the private 
Rockefeller' funded think tank, the Trilateral Task 
Force on the Governability of Democracies, in a 
report published last fall which boldly states the 

-designs of big business: "Educlltion should be cut 
back ~ause the democratization of education has 
raised expectations too high. A program is necessary 
to lower the job expectation of those who receive 
college education." 

This cutback campaign in limiting the number of 
college graduates is being done by such methods as 
raising entrance standards and tuition and 
eliminating special programs. All of these are in the 
works for UCSD at the present time. 

It is in this light that the Bakke decision should be 
seen; an attack on the rights of the entire student 
population. 

How can these attacks be overcome? The very 
gains that these attacks are against were made as 
concessions by frightened administrators and 
politicians in the face of mass student andThird World 
community upsurges. Logically, the way to defend 
these gains and rights is by similiar actions of 
demonstrated mass support. 

Already many actions opposing the Bakke decision 
have taken place. Major demonstrations have been 
held by the Bay Area, Santa Barbara, UCLA; a 
statewide MECHA conference was held in Riverside 
to discuss actions against the Bakke decision; a 
teach-in in the black community was held in San 
Diego, and most recently a state wide UC planning 
session was held in Berkeley Saturday, January 15, to 
plan protest strategy. 

Beca use the Bakke decision is a direct threat to the 
education and future of all students at UCSD, a teach-
in is being held on the Bakke decision at UCSD at 2 
pm in the North Conference Rrn , Student Center 
Thursday January 20. All students or any concerneJ 
individuals are encouraged to attend. • 

Letters 

Dope Story 
Clarified 

Student Sheds Light on Exam 

There is one point in your 
article on drug busts (Dope, 
Post Office: " A Consumer's 
Guide to the Law") which 
demands clarification. 

The author states that one's 
legal rights are the same in a 
private home as in a college 
dormitory . This is simply not 
true - a private residence 
requires city or state police to 
provide a legal search warrant; 
a college dorm or apartment 
may be inavded at any time by 
('ampus police without a search 
warrant. 

True, no college official has 
the right to allow the police to 
sea rch your dorm room, but this 
has little meaning to the 
over-zealous campus police. 

Such activities have hap-
pened at UCSD before, and the 
officers responsible are still on 
the job, " official reprimands" 
notwithstanding. And don 't 
think for a minute that campus 
police aren't real- they will take 
you to a real county jail and try 
you on real charges. Dorm 
dwellers bewareJ. You com-
promise your constitutional 
rights when you sign that 
residence contract. 

LINCOLN CUSHING 

During the Science 4A final exam, approximately two-thirds of the 
way through, the. lights In the Third Lecture Hall, room 107 were 
abruptly shut off. 

What ensued were 250 simultaneous groans from people who had 
been extracting from any semblance of concentration they had by that 
time managed to develop. The dim lights came on a few second later. 
The TAs instructed us that lights or no lights we had to finish the test. 
Already wearied eyes and tired brains had to struggle agailL'lt yet 
another obstacle. 

I for one, feel that because of the reduced lighting I was less inclined 
to check over my test, to the detriment of my grade. I'm sure many 
others had similar complaints. Even though I think conservation of 
energy is a worthwhile cause I suggest that adequate lighting is 
necessary and should be provided during finals when students con-
centrate fDr the better part of three hours, as well as nonnal 
c\asstimes when students not only have to see their papers but chalk· 
boards a way in the distance. 

If this entails more careful maintenance and supervision of all test 
rooms, including Third College buildings, I should like to see it 
provided. 

DANIELN. KAMIlJS 

Moaday, Jaauary 17,lr.n 

Coop Pro-Con Considered 
To Be. Decided In Referendum 

by Jeff Fenton . 
In the upcoming referendum, the student community is faced with the 

serious responsibility of choosing II fonn of student government. The 
present Coop arrangements will probably be one of 'the choices, along 
with several competing alternatives. Several shortcomings of the Coop 
should be considered. . 

The present Coop is 100 prone to control by special interest groups and 
is not representative of the campus as a whole, Since anyone can attend 
COOP meetings and cast votes, important decisions can be strongly or 
completely influenced by any organized bloc of people. and a small group 
could decide to get together on a given Monday evening and "stack'" the 
Coop. This is very easy since, due to apathy, attendance averages about 
forty per meeting, making "stacking" very easy. . 

In addition, the Coop meetings, being open to anyone who comes, result 
in unrepresentative government by a few, since many who may wish to 
attend may not be able to. In its meetings, the Coop also', from time to 
time, concerns itself with issues which are not pr~perly the concern of a 
general student government. 

At one meeting last quarter; the question of independence for Puerto 
Rico was discussed for over one half-hour. Without saying one way or the 
other whether or not Puerto Rico should be Independent, it does definitely 
appear that this question Is not related to student government business. 

The Coop 'is clearly prone to special interests and ideological biases, 
unrepresentative, and easily stacked, but there are possible alternatives. 
One would be a permanent Student Council which would guarantee 
representation to the entire campus community. Such a Council should 
have a fixed number of permanent members, apportioned proportionally 
by College. Thus, Muir, with its enrollment of about 2,900, would have. the 
largest fraction of . the members ; Revelle, with 2,300 students, would 
follow; and Third and Fourth, with about 1,400 students each, would each 
have proportionally smallest representatiolL'l. . 

If enrollment figures change, the proportiOns should be reapportioned 
accordingly. A workable number of members might be about twenty, and I 
equal representation by population would be assured, in the same way as 
our Congress and State Legislatures. 

To form this Council, elections would be held, campus-wide, for 
representatives from each of the Colleges, apportioned accordingly. 
Thus, prospective members would have to face the rigor and ac-

s.. y s ~tC. K.t. t -tt.....:... .-,s 
0, l of « ~\oo..~~ ... t 1~ 
Co-ot> , .. .eP ,J:'5 1 .... 1 .,jc.f . .. 

\ 
I 

--

countabiLity of an election each year, instead of the present Ccop system, 
which is not accountable since its voting members do not face electoral 
responsibility. In the post-Watergate era, we' want more, not less, 
governmental accounta bility. 

The Council should hold open weekly meetings, elect a chairman who 
would serve in the capacity of student bodY.president to represent UCSD 
on the Student Body presidents' Council, and have standing committees 
,to deal with such areas as budget, external affairs, academic quality, and 
quality of life. 

With permanent, popuiarly-elected members, this Council should be 
free from ideological bias, left or right, and free from stacking, packing, 
and special interests. In this way, we can truly have democracy, instead 
of a preserve for~special views and interests. 

Rape lecture ~ .. 

• rl ...... I .... 'S Page 3 

Agee Faces Espionage Charges 
(ZNS) The us justice depart-

ment is studying the possibility of 
prosecuting former CIA agent 
Philip Agee on espionage charges 
if he is deported to the United 
States from England. 

Agee 's American attorney, 
Melvin Wulf, has been notified by 
justice department officials that 
the US government will not rule out 
the possibility that Agee will be 
arrested and prosecuted upon his 
return to America. 

W ulf, the legal di rector of the 
American Civil Liberties Union, 
had written to the justice depart-
ment, asking for a clarification of 
Agee's legal status, and if it is safe 
for him to return. 

In reply, Richard Thornburgh, 
the head of the department's 
criminal division, stated that 
because the Agee matter is still 
under consideration (quote ) " the 
department is unable to give you 
the assurances you week." 

Wulf suggests that Agee, the 
author of the anti-intellIgence 
book, Inside the Company: A CIA 
Diary, might be charged under 
espionage statutes for publishing 
the names of cur~e nt CIA agents. 

In a related story, The London 
Observer quotes Agee is stating he 
is being deported from England 
Because the British government 
believes he was responsible for the 
death of two undercover agents in 
Poland in 1975. 

According to Agee, he had 
nothing to do with the deaths of the 

two men. He is quoted as saying 
that the story was based on false 
information provided to The Los 
Angeles Times by the CIA last 
year. 

external 
affairs ••• 

In The Observer interview, Agee 
alleges that the CIA has 
deliberately leaked false reports to 
bring about his deportation from 
Britain. 

.. . Regents run the university . Are there student problems 
and issues which should be brought to the Regents? The 
San Diego campus representative to the Student Body 
Presidents council (SBPC) can testify at Regent meetings 
on your behalf. 

*information and political resourses are avaiiable . 
Contact campus coordinator. Andy Schneider 452-
4450. 

Are you concerned abou t g e tting a student loan 'and the 
hig h cost of attending UC San Diego . The UC Lobby 
works fo r student legislat ive action in Sacramento . 

*information and political resources are available. 
Contact campus coordinator, Andy Schneider 452-
4450 . 

Criminology. She was awarded a 
Masters Degree from George 
Washington University for her 
thesis on "The Etiology of Rape," 
and currently teaches "Women 
and Violence" at Tufts University 
and "Feminist Theory" at God-
dard-Cambridge. . 

OISIS lEEDS A FEW MORE GOOD TUTORS 
An infonnal discussion with 

Klein will also be held today at 
11 :00 am in the North Conference 
Room of the Student Center. 

The " rape culture" program is 
being co-sponsored by the Revelle 
RAs, the UCSD Women's Center, 
Third College Program Board, 
Revelle Program Board, Campus 
Program Board and Muir College. 

C. P . B. 
Friday & 
Salurday 

FILM 
P.OSTERS 

Available 
at 

[.D.N.A. 

Junio rs or Seniors majoring in M ath or Science with a gpa above 3 .00 can 
sti li e nroll in TEP 196 for 4 c redi ts . 

Class m ts T . Thurs 9 :00-9 :50 APM 2113 

Tutors orc a'ssigned 3 student to tutor each week 

A good way to leorn nbout leaching . to help other students. and to brush LIP 
on the b sics in your f il d . 

Sign-up TODIY • DIS IS • Bldg. B. Stud ant cantar ComplaJi 



triton times 

(TT Photo Bill Brooks) 

11 am-1 pm -Informal discussion with Freada Klein, noted authority on rape. Bring your 
lunch, coffee and tea will be provided. North Conference Room', Student Center. Free. 

12-1 pm - Conditioning Wrestling Room. 
12 noon-5 pm - Selected entries to Playboy - Minolta Playmate Centerfold contest 

sponsored by UCSD Vis Art Department. The Other Gallery , Humanities Ubrary, Room 
1200. Free. . 

12 noon-4pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS BI&-Chem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities 
Library (Basement). 

3-6 pm-Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
3:30 pm - Space Research and the New Astrophysics, room 2250 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. 

Carl McIlwain, "Magnetospheric Research." 
4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony 
4 pm - High Energy Physics Seminar, room 1438 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Jay Marx, Yale 

and UC Berkeley, "Proposal for a PEP Facility Based on the Time Projection Chamber." 
4 pm - Solid Mechanics and Structures Seminar, room 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. Yuan-

Cheng Fung, " Biomechanics." 
4:30-6 :30 pm- Rec. Horseback Riding , La Jolla Farms 
4:30-6:30 pm - Gymnastics, South Balcony 
5 pm - StudeJt Center Board meeting. Lounge Conf. Room, Student Center. 
5-6 pm - Wrestling, room . 
5-6 pm - Aiki 1 East Conf. Room Student Center 
7-9 pm - Aikido, Wrestling Room 
5-7 :30 pm - I~elly Dance, North Balcony 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments, Rap Session at 

7 pm. All welccme. 8tudeni Health. CalliS -2M9 
6-9 pm - Sno ski, H&SS 1330 
6:00 pm - I:AB general meeting. All interested persons invited. Fourth floor Blake 

Revelle. ' 
6:30 pm - UCSD Student Cooperative Union meeting. North Conference Room Student 

Center. ' 
7:00 pm - .eetlng of the Christian Science Organization - all are welcome. Argo Hall 

Student Activil: ies Office. 
7~ : 3O pm - Pulling t~e Covers off Sex, an evening discussion with Hugh Pates of Coun-

sehng ~nd Psych Sel'Vlces covering a broad range of sexually related topics. Matthews 
Cafeteria . . 

8 pm - Rape Culture. An evening with Freada Klein. Lecture ~nd Film discussion - first 
in a series of seminar on Sex presented by Revelle Residence Hall Staff. Revelle Cafeteria. 
Free. 

8 pm - Israeli Folk Dance - Margo will be reviewing dances between 8 and 9. 9 and on, 
dances by request. Rec Gym Conference Room. Free 

9; 15 pm. - Monday Nile Film - " Phantom of the Opera- - (1925) starring Lon Chaney. 
MUir 5&Dune. Free. 

1/11 
12 noon - Muir Commeocement Committee. 214j.HSS. 
12-1 pm - Conditioning, Wrestling room 
12ooon-5 pm - Selected entries to Playboy - Minolta Playmate Centerfold CO!ltest spon-

sored by UCSD Vis Art Department. The Other Gallery, Hwnanities 'Library, Room 1200. 
Free. 

12noon-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS BI&-Cbem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities 
Library (basement). 

1:30 pm - Solid State Seminar, room 2113 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. Inder P . Batra, IBM 
Research Lab, San Jose, " Electronic Structure of Solids and Solid Surfaces Using Extended 
Tight Binding Method." 

2-3 pm - Rec. Horseback Riding, La Jolla Farms 
3-5 pm - Women's softball: first team practice all interested women should attend. Muir 

Field. 
4 pm - Chemical Physics Seminar, room 2105 Bonner Hall, Revelle . Prof. Arieh Warshel, 

USC, "Computer Simulation of Enzymatic Reactions." " 
4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony . 
4: 30-6: 30 pm - Gymnastics, South Balcony 
5 pm - Politjournal meeting. HL 2550. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap Session at 

7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. Call 452-2669. 
6 pm - J .. V. basketball, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs . Azusa Pacific. Free. 
6 pm - Meeting of Union of Jewish Students. Student Organizations Conference Room. 
6-7 pm - ACLU meeting. Please note different meeting day. Coffee Hut. 
6-7 :3Opm-Outlng. Rec. Conf. Room 
6-7 : 30 pm - Students Active Towards Co~unJty Healtb welcomes back all returning and 

new students. We will hold our first meeting on Tuesday Jan. 18, '77. This. meeting will 
consist of two films: Food and Maternal Deprivation, and Inner City Dweller: Health Care. 
Along with the films we will have a speaker. 

7 pm - Last ori!-lntation meetfug before January %8 deadline for students applying to the 
EAP for Europe (except UK), Middle East, Africa and Far East to see a film, answer 
questions and talk to returnees. International Center Lounge. . . 

7: 30 pm - " Not a Pretty Picture" - a film documentary on rape produced by Martha 
Coolidge. USB 2622. Free. . 

7:30 pm - "On Ecumenical Safari In East Africa," Color slide and synchronized sound 
report on the wild game, Masai tribe and Mt. Kenya scenery explored by 
Jolm Huber while at the World Council of Churches Assembly in Nairobi, 1975. lIniivP,·.ih 
Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. near N. Torrey Pines Road. 

7-8:30 pm - Pulling the Covers off Sex, a presentation and discussion of male and 
sexual roles by the Dean of Fourth College, Gary Frost and Sharon Young of Counseling 
Psych Services. Matthews Cafeteria. 

7:30-10 pm - Balkan Folk Dancing. 7 :~ : 30 instruction. HSS 2333. S.25. 
8 pm - Vars ity basketball, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. Azusa Pacific. Free. 
9: 15 p~ - Live entertainment night with Spencer Tasbima . Music by which to 

your mind. Muir 5&Dime. Free. ' 

12 noon - AMES 205 Film Series. Department of AMES presents afilm: " Fluid 
of Drag, Part I. " 7104 UreyHaIl. Free. 

1~-1 pm - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Gall 

2669 or drop by. Student Health. . ' 
12"00n-5 pm - Selected entries to Playboy - Minolta Playmate Centerfold contest 

sored by UCSD Vis Art Department. The Other Gallery , Humanities Library, Room 
Free. 

12no!)n-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS BI&-Cbem Clinic, walk in tutoring. 410 
Library (basement). 

12 :30-2:30 pm - Sex Clinic. For students seeking information or counseling about 
sexual functioning . Meets every Wed. Revelle Counselor's Office, x34!1O. 

3 pm ..., Revelle College Faculty Meeting, South Dining Hall, Revelle. Refresbments 
be served. . 

3:30 pm - SIO Department Seminar, Sumner Aud., SIO. Eckart Dissertation 
Seminar. Dr. Richard L. Salmon. " Oceanic Turbulence." 

'3:30 pm - Economics Seminar, room 3216 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Boyan Jovanovic Univ. 
Chicago, " Job Matching and the Theory of Turnover." ' 

4 pm - Cbe~ish1: Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Charles Springer, USC, ' 
Use of Hyperfme Shifts to Extend the Dynamic NMR Timescale and to Study Rin,TTlPTTlhronp 
Models." 

4 pm - Latin American FUm Series, Third College Aud. " The Other Francisco," a 
powerful account of black slavery during the 19th century. Free. 

4. om -: SvmJ)Oslwn. room 104 ~ird College Lecture Hall. Jolm . Mollenkopf, stanford 
Uolv. , Will speak on the stresses Imposed by the transition in American cities from em· 
phasis on industry to their emergence as financial centers. 

4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony . 
4:30-6:3Opm- Gymnastics,South Balco'ny 
4:30 pm - Volleyball, Rec . Gym. UC San Diegovs. USIU. 

~ pm - Conditioning Club, Wrestling room. . 
6 pm - Surf Club meeting. All members interested in team should be present. HSS 2305. 
6-7 :30 pm - Ballroom Dance, Rec . Conf. Room 
6-7 :30 pm - Belly Dance, Student Center 
6-8 pm - Surfing, Biology Bldg. 2135 
6-8 :30 pm - Jazz Dance, North Balcony 
6-9 pm - Surf Club, H&SS 2305 
6 pm - UCSD Dance Drill Team. Organizational meeting. Come! and find out about it. 

Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7-8 :30 pm - Judo, Wrestling Room 
7-8:30 pm - Pulll~ .t~e Cove~s.off Sex, a presentation by Dr. Katherine Carson, 
conc~rnmg respollSlblhty for birth control In relationships, psychologica l effects of 'p~n.le . 
phYSIOlogy (on men and women). Matthews Cafeteria. 

7 -II pm - Soaring, USB 2622 
8. pm - ~ednesday Evenings At The Mandeville Center, Mandeville Aud . Turetzky 

F fiends Will perform a broad spectrum of music from the Renaissance to music theater. 
students: $2; general admission: $3 . Tickets available at the UCSD box office, 452-4559. 

6 pm - Dance Workshop: Learn or teach the latest steps in preparation for ' 
Magic" (a semiformal dance on January 21). Sponsored by Third College Program DAft"". 
TCLH 107. Free . 

8 pm - An informal discussion with representatives from R.E.A.L. [Rape EnlerlReD~ 
League I and R.E.A.C.H. [Rape Emergency Aid and Counseling for Her). Revelle 1i'n'~. 
Lounge. 

9 pm - HOQt night. An open hootenany to all musicians . Muir 5 & Dime. Free. 

triton times Page 5 

12-1 pm-ConditiOning, Wrestling room. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Call 452-

2669 or drop by. Student Health. 
12noon-5 pm - Selected entries to Playboy - Minolta Playmate Centerfold contest spon-

sored by UCSD Vis Art Department. The Other Gallery, Hwnanities Library, Room 1200. 
Free. 

12nooll- 4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Bio-Cbem CUoic, walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities 
Library (basement). 

12:30 pm - Swnner Series, Sumner Aud., 810. Robert and Lillian Adams will present a 
slide show, "Cruising the Waters of Lake Powell." Free. 

2-3 pm - Rec. Horseback riding, La Jolla Farms. 
3:30 pm-Arcbery, Room 20 Rec. Gym. 
3:30 pm - Reproductive Medicine Seminar, room 2154 H&SS Bldg. , Muir. Dr. Gordon H. 

Sato, "Replacement of Serum with Hormones In Cell Culture." 
4 pm - Pbyslcs Colloquium, room 2622 PSB, Revelle. Dr. David Judd, UC Berkeley, 

"Fusion by Means of Heavy Ions. " 
4 pm - AMES Fluid Mechanics Seminar Series. "Management of Free-Stream, Tur-

bulence: A Balance Between Scales," given by: Hassan M. Nagib, Associate Professor, 
Mechanics and mechanical and Aerospace Eng. Dept., Illinois Institute of Technology, 
Chicago, Dllnois. 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 

4-4 : 30 pm - Horseback Riding [Mtg] , Rec . Conf. Room. 
4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony. -
4-6 pm - Yoga, Adaptive Room. 
4: 30 pm - Outing, Equipment Checkout. 
4:30-6 :3Opm- Gymnastlcs,South Balcony 
5-6 :30 pm- Ballroom Dance, beginning class. Rec . Conf. Room 
6:3D-S:3O pm - Ballroom Dance, Intermediate class. Rec Conf . Room. 
7 pm - Meeting of Pisolitic Uranites, UCSD's Geology field trjp club. Meeting will plan 

next field trip. Gameroom Conference Room, Student Center. 
7 pm - Are you a person who searches for the truth? Is "The Book of Mormon" true? 

Anyone can find out for themselves - come wthe Book of Mormon Institute class and LOS 
Club meeting. Little White House across the street from Tioga Hall, 9527 La Jolla Farms 
Road. 453-8846. 

7 pm. - " Pulling the Covers Off Sex," Matthews Cafeteria. Panel discussion including a 
priest, a young married couple, male and female homosexuals and a prostitute. Free. 

7-10 pm - Fencing, West Balcony. 
7: 30 pm - Meeting Students for Solar Energy. Infonnal Lounge. 
7:30 pm - Bihle Study: "t:plstle of James," led by Campus Pastor John Huber. University 

Community Church Lounge, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

Dr. Littleman 
This week we dedicate the 

column to UCSD's own Big Man 
On Campus - Paul Saltman. 
Next week we'll finish with 
Murphy's Laws. They seem to 
be propagating. 

Dear Doc : What · Is a 
R.M.O.C.? 

The B.M.O.C. 
(Rex Non Potest Peccare)1 

(With apologies to Richard 
Armour and his Academic ' 
Bestiary). 

The B.M.O.C. is of the genus 
Studens, but consists solely of 
males. It is perhaps the only 
member of the Academe 
referred to by its initials, an 
event'that usually occurs while 
it is an Upperclassman.2 Often 
the name given at hirth to the 
B.M.O.C. is surgically removed 
and kept in a glass jar until 
after the appearance of the 
Commencement, a 'strange 
creature which emerges only 
once a year .3 

To be a Big Man On Campus, 
one does not necessarily have to 
be 'physically large .4 The 
primary requirement is to be 
able to command Followers and 
Admirers. These are usually 
lower classpeople who don't 
know any better since they have 
not yet met the Senior Seminar, 
a creature covered with all of 
the cDmbined knowledge '01 the 
Department. 

One creature of the Academe especially at-
tracted to the B.M.O.C. is the Co-Ed. According to 
one expert on this c reature, " the Co-Ed is 
noteworthy for its curves, which have to be seen to 
be believed. Some, that is, are to be believed, 
while others are believed to have been falsified.)" 
5 

~t most schools the B.M.O.C. might be an 
Athlete. A major part of the Athlete's playing 
equipment is its supporter--the Athletic 
Schoiarsllip. Because of its large size the Athlete 
B.M.O.C. is surrounded by l?oth Phi· Betes who go 
to Class for it and take Notes, and Co-Eds who 
possess the Large Cleavages.6 These latter 
creatures will go far with the Athlete B.M.O.C. 

Here, the B.M.O.C. is more likely to be an 
Activist. The Activist tries to espouse Causes it 
believes to be right, despite what everyone else 
says. Ho.wever the Activist is usually far to the left 
of being right. The Activist constantly is urging 
Students to try and raise their Social Con-
sciousness and not just their Grades . However this 
additional weight is too much for most Students to 
bear. . 

To achieve its en&, the Activist B.M.O.C. 
means to make itself heard.7 To do this it may 
participate ·in Student Goverrunent , turn Into a 
College Newspaper Editor, sit on Campus Com-
mittees, or get a bullhorn and take over a 
Building. 

Whether it is an Atbiete or an Activist, the 
B.M.O.C. grows to love the Academe more and 
more as its senior year progresses. It realizes that 
without the Academe it is Nothing . Sometimes the 
B.M.O.C. goes to Grad School and tries to be a 
B.M.O.C. there. If it is lucky, it has made Contacts 
which will help it in seeking the Job. Wherever it 
goes, it carries with it the lesson that what counts 
in lhis World is who you know and who knows you. 

1. The King Can Do No Wrong. 
2. There is, however, no correllation between its 
~ing an Uppercla!isman, and its being uppity. It is 
Just naturally upplty. 

3. This springtime event coincides with the 
becoming of an Alum, a Dubious Distinction at 
best and a Lesser St&tus at least. 

4. It doesn't hurt , though. 
5. Since Plagiarism thrives in Academe, I ' ll not 

attribute this quote. . 
6. The Notes are free for the taking, but the 

B.M.O.C. is too busy staying a B.M.O.C. to take 
them himself. Besides, it would set a bad example. 

7. The Activist has grown hoarse, you s e, from 
shouting down Students with differing points of 
view. 

7: 30-9 pm - Drlll Team, liorth Balcony. 
8 pm - Geological Sciences Seminar, IGPP Conference, SIO. Dr. Wolfgang H. Berger 

" The De{}' ciation Event In the Deep Sea." , 
8 pm - R:ape at UCSD, a discussion with Bev Varga, Third College Dean and Debbie 

• Peterson, campus police officer, about rape on campus. Third College Lounge. 
8 pm -- Mandeville Art Gallery. A perfonnance by Robert Kushner: "That Kuslmer Look-

- One Size Fits All." Admission': FREE. In the Mandeville Art Gallery, Mandeville Center. 
8 pm - Muir 5 & Dime presents a FREE LECTURE by Michael Medved, author of " What 

Really Happened to the Class of '65." All are invited. AP&M 2133. Free. 
Doors open at 8:30 pm - Music begins shortly theresfter. Carey PI co, the Minstrel in the 

Gallery, will perform for you in the Side Door. Admission free. Bring a friend. Side Door. 
10 pm-midnight - Game Night - free for all to come and enjoy themselves playing games. 

Muir 5 & Dime. Free. 

12noon-2 pm - Seu Defense for Women. a seminar led by Shirley Virgil. Please wear loose 
clothing. Gym, North Balcony. 

12-4 pm - OASIS BI&-Chem Clinic, Walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities Ubrary (basement). 
12-4 :30 pm - Blrtb Control Clinic. Counseling, information and appointments. Call 452-2669 

or drop by. Student Health. 
12noon-5 pm - Selected entries to Playboy· Minolla Playmate Centerfold contest spon-

sored by UCSD Vis Art Department. The Other Gallery, HUlnanities Library, Room 1200. 
Free. 

12-6 pm - Table Tennis, Rec . Conf. Room. 
12 :05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar, room 307 Vaughan Hall, SIO. Dr. Gary Sharp,South-

west Fisheries Center, "Morphological, Biochemical and Genetic Comparison of the 
Family Scombridae." 

2 pm - AMES-Bioengineering Seminar, room 2100 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Walter K. 
Harrison, VA Hosp., " Modeling of Endogenous Thoracic Vibration: The Apexcardiogram." 

3 pm - Philosophy CollOquium. Professor Maurice Cranston, Visiting Professor, Pol. Sci. , 
UCSD (Professor of Political Science, London School of Economics) " Is There a Right to 
Privacy?" Revelle Formal Lounge. . 

3 pm - Topics in Respiration. room B248 BSB, Med . School. Dr. Yuan-ChengFung " Some 
New Results in Pulmonary ResearCh." ' 

4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
4-5:30 pm-Judo, Wrestling Room 
6 pm-12 midnight - Meeting of tbe Triton Wargaming Society. USB 3050A, 3030A, 4030B. 
7-10 pm - "The O.K. Family [Transactional Analysis Family Training]," first session of a 

weekend program offered by UC San Diego Extension. Presents a four-step plan to help the 
family build on its str~ngths. Room 1330, Humanities and Social Science Bldg. , Muir 
Campus, UCSD. Fee: $34 per adult. When accompanied by one or more adults, children age 
10 or older may attend at no extra charge. 

7-10 pm :... " Late Victorian Antiques and Collecting," beginning a four-part course for 
collectors, potential collectors, students, antique dealers, and others interested in art 
history and history of the decorative arts. Offered by UC San Diego Extension. Students 
encouraged to bring objects for discussion. Room 1436, Humanities Library Bldg. , Revelle 
Campus, UCSD. Fee: $39. 

7 pm ~ Friday Night Films, room 2722 USB, Revelle. "Black Bird." General admission : 
$1.25. Repeated at 9 pm. 

7-9 pm - Team Handball. Rec Gym. 
6-11 pm -International Folk Dancing. APM 2402. $.25. 
8: 30 pm - Ririe-Woodbury Dance Company, Mandeville Aud. The company emphasizes a 

varied repertory with stress on theatrical staging, media and humor. UCSD students: 
$2.50; general admission: $4.50. Tickets available at the UCSD box office. 

9 pm until 2 am - "Winter Magic:" A semiformal dance presented by the Third College 
Program Board. Music by "Chain Reaction.'" Refresbments will be served. Tickets 
available at Third College Dean's Office. Catamaran Hotel. $3.00. 

9 am-l pm - Fourth College Student Government Worksho~ Student Center Bldg. " C". 
9 am-4 pm - " The O.K. Family [Transactional Analysis Family Training]." first session 

of a weekend program offered by UC San Die~o Extension. Presents a four-step plan to help 
the family build on its strengths. Room 1330, Humanities and Social Science Bldg., Muir 
Campus, UCSD. Fee: $34 per adult. When accompanied by one or more adults, children age 
10 or older may attend at no extra charge. 

9 am-4 pm - " Late Victorian Antiques and Collecting," beginning a four-part course for 
collectors, potential collectors, students, antique dealers , and others interested in art 
history and history of the decorative arts. Offered by UC San Diego Extension. Students 
encouraged to bring objects for discussion. Room 1438, Humanities Library Bldg., Revelle 
Campus, UCSD. Fee: $39. 

10 am - Bicycle, Bike Shop. 
11-12:30 pm - Aikido, Wrestling room. 
1-2 :30 pm-Judo, Wrestling room. 
5:30 pm - Catholic Mass. University Community Church, La Jolla Shores and Torrey 

Pines. 
6 pm-J.V. basketball, Main Gym. UCSan Diegovs. Point Lorna. Free. 
7 pm - Third Annual Erotic Film Festival, Mandeville Center Auditorium. Short films or 

series of films. UCSD students: $1.50; general admission : $2. Repeated at 9 pm. 
7 pm - Saturday Night Films, room 2722 USB, Revelle. "Maltese Falcon" and " Treasure 

of Sierra Madre," General admissiOn: $1. 
8 pm - Varsity basketball ,Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. Point Lorna. Free. 
9 pm-1 am - Start the new year dancing - Grand reopening of Ubiquity with live band. 

Dance to live music. Revelle South Dining Hall. Still only $.50. 

8:30 am - Catholic Ma s. University Community Church, corner of La Jolla Shores Drive 
and Torrey Pines. 

8:30 am - Day hike In search 01 snow. 4th College new Outing Club. Car pool trans-
portation . Bring lunch, day pack and wann clothes. Meet at 302 MC. 

10 am - Lutheran Worship servlc with missionary from Nige -la, followed by color slide 
presentation on his work in west Africa. University Commun ty Church, 95!l5 La Jolla 
Shores Dr., across the street from Urey Hall parking lot. 

2-5 pm - Folk Guitar Concert given by Sam Hinton, renowned fo lk inger. " urfside" at 
Scripps Campus. Free. 

5 pm - Catholic Mass. University Community Church. La JoUa' 'hor s Drive and Torrey 
Pines. 

6 pm - Creole Dinner, InternatiQllal Center, Matthews. Dinner followed • ~I)Drano 
Kath rine Campbell and pianist Bill Hayes. Pre ented by the Friends of the InternatiOl,lll 
Center. General admission : $7.50 ; Friends members : $6.50. For information call, 452-3731 
or 453-5774. 

6-9 pm - OASIS BI&-Chcm Clini ,walk in tutoring. 410 Humanities Library (bas m nt). 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge Game . Free-open to veryone. North Dining Hall R velie 

Cafeteria. • 



.... • .... on. h.lI.,.. Monday, Ja.uary 17, 1m 
. 

UCSD Soccer Stars Honored Triton V'BaIi Victory 
Six players from u .... '$)·s playoff-

qualifying soccer tfQJ received 
alI-conference recc~lJition last 
week from the Southt!l1l California 
Inten:ollegiate Soccer Aaaociation. 

NAIA District 3 aII...tar selections. 
AI Turkin, anotht:r UCSD 

defenseman, and Jairo Marin, who 
::ombined with Gonzales to provide 

First Team Overpow~rs 'Tijuana 
Alfonso Gonzales, the Triton's 

leading scorer for the season, and 
Russ Crane, the squad's top 
defenseman, were both named to 
the first team cI. the SCISA aII-
stars. 

Besides his SCISA honor, Crane 
also made second team _in the 

~~ 
I ; & , 983 India I f 327 F Street f 

~ PAYSDONORS I , ; 
, for Service ',:. 
, ' Mon. - Frl. 
t 233-5481 t 
; 234-4601 • 
.. "'"~ ............. ~.~.~ .............. ~~ 

Alfonso Gonzales 
much of the Triton's offel,,,ivi! 
attack, were selected to the second 
team. 

Allen Cox and Carlos Ponte 
received honorable mention . 

(()13 . 
()r f?Sf?1I Is 

Vincent Bugliosi 

January 26, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Students: $2.00 
General Admission: $3.00 

by Scott SadU 
Sports Editor 

Two U~D voUeyball teams 
alternately competed against one 
team from Tijuana Tech Saturday 
night, and one cI. the Triton squads 
played well enough to give- the 

.. home school a 15-6, 12-15, 15-10, 3-
15, 15-ll win in UCSD's season 
opener in the Main Gym. 

Triton coach AI Jansen kept the 
match, the teams from both 
schools and the Saturday night 
crowd lingering by using his entire 
second team in games two and four 
of the five game match, employing 
his first team just enough to insure 
UCSD the three - game-wins 
necessary for the overall victory. 

Tijuana Tech, a small, quick 
team without much of an offensive 
attack. just a lot of hustle and high 
energy play, could not stay with 
UCSD when the Tritons' first team 
was on the floor. Tech's offense 
lacked variety and UCSD's up men 
blocked countless TT shots and hit 
winners of their own throughout 
the contest. 

Steve Upp and Stan Tamakki did 
most of the setting for UCSD as the 
Tritons relied on some variation of 
attac.k but mostly just good old 
power volleyball to score their 
points. Although only the beginning 
of the season, UCSD's offense was 
usually well-executed. 

Ri~~~~~r~r:s~r;:;,:~~~o~e~::~ 
were the other members of the 
Tritons' first team and they did 
most of the hitting. Melese, UC-
SD's hardest sp;ker , played ex-
ceptionally well, coming up with 
numberous big hits whenever 
Tijuana crept within challenging 
range of the Tritons. 

UCSD's second team never 
really got it together. Their play, 
both offensively and defensively, 
was erratic. 

The Tritons will be competing in 
the Santa Barbara Volleyball 
Tournament this upcoming 
weekend, 

Abortion Alternati,e. 
Son Diego/P.ro ·Uf. League 

583-UFE 
Free coUDsellDg, study room 

and speakers _ 

Want a Job? 
ttttttttt 

ttttttttt 
ttttttttt · 

The Triton Times needs 
ad salesppople. 

I triton times 
,.'- ........ 

Drop by and see what 
we have to offer. 

/ 

I}' J' 1'11010: C hriS Sherman] 
Two On ,One · Richard Mascolo [left] battles above th e net with two Tijuana 
Tech players in UCSD's Saturday win . . 

MissedFreethrows,Rebounds · 
Send Tritons Down! Again , 

A continued lack of rebounding 
and some poor freethrow shooting 
plagued the UCSD basketball team 
Saturday night as the Tritons were 
defeated at Cal Baptist, 108-87. 

.In the game, fast-shooting Cal 
Baptist pulled down 18 more 
rebounds than the Tritons. Without 
attempting to work the ball around 
UCSD's zone defense, Cal Baptist 
was content to let loose from the 
outside, then crashing the boards 
for second and third shots. 

Six-foot guard Ken Melvin led 
UCSD in rebounds with 10, a 
statistic that says more about the 
Triton's shortage of rebounding 
than it does about any prowess on 
Melvin's part, 

UCSD was awarded 42 free-
thorws in the game, but the Tritons 
made less than 60 percent o£ these , 
shots . Numerous times the Tritons 
missed the first shot in one-and-one 
bonus sitiJations. 

Much of this subpar freethrow 
shooting came in the first half of 
the contest, yet UCSD was still 
down only 49--40 at the end of the 
period. Bu~ in ttM: second half Cal 

Baptist's superiority on the boards 
took the game out of UCSD's reach. 
Cal Baptist's rebounding led to 
their getting 99 shots in the game. 

Bob Frazier had an outstanding. 
game for the Tritons, scoring 26 
points. Lee Brockett totalled 18 
points coming off the bench. 
Melvin added ten points and seven 
assists. 

Freslunan center Mark Runyan, 
a player who could help alleviate 
some of the TritonS rebounding 
problems, continued to be sidelined 
with the cut over his left eye that he 
suffered last week. 

UCSD meets Azusa Pacific at 
home Tuesday night in the Tritons' 
league home opener. 

OIYld 'EI .... - Ex .. utl .. editor 

GMY GhI,.rdi · Ad .. rtialng Menl\ler 

Monday, Jaauary 17,1977 IrI'un.IIIM'S 

TRiTON CLAssiFiEds 
. . -" 

fOR SAlE 
1971 Chevy Vega, 74 engine, good economy 
car . $800 - call 232-8763 (1 121 ) 

Scuba Gear - 8Yerythlng but tank , regulator 
and gauges All new! 1300. ~r1h lor 5200. 
Gall 755·4259 all 6 (11 17) 

22' Follis Racing Bic\:clo. Reynolds 531, sew-
ups, weighs 22 IbS ., $100. Call Jay 475-0527 
evenings (1117) . 
Ski BoalS - Lange Phantom • . Size lO Y, M. 
Brand new! .Call 755-4259 afl. 6 P m . $90 
(1/17) 
Honda CL 360 1975. Only 1500 mi . Excellent 
cond economical transportallon. Call Todd 
455-9008 (1/19) . 
Holubar down coat ladles large lik&new was 
565 asking $40 or best offer. 481 -7432 

Morns MInor $600 - runs well , needs paint 
and upllOlsl ery 27()'8477 or 454-8469 

woman '. goll ctubs. four irons. putter , Ihree 
woods - Wilsons - besl 0Iler481-7432 ' 

King wHbed. has everything - htr, pedesla l, 
bOokcase hdbfd , etc . 5200 ex!. 2952 Of 566-
2135 AI or Dina (1121) 

Kawasaki 500. 1970 ve<y low miles excellonl 
condilion . Only $400 or be., olfer. 453-3727 

Akai"elll to reel exce llent condition wl1apes 
and accessories 5140 call Eric 1-435-9293 
afler5 . 

Used Nordica aSlral rac ... ski bOots size 10 
new 160. Asking 135 or besl offer Bruce at 
481-9207(1119) 

For sale: Almost new B&W TV, t 2 in. sao call 
Nancy 453-5721 (1124) 

Male roommale needed for WAS quart .... . 
Pool , laundry, own room , only S95 / mo. Call 
Todd. 292-1719 (1117) 

Own rm in peaceful OB house. 5100 Includos 
utilities. Good environmen!. 222-7195 (111 9) 

Wanled: 1 F Roommale. Apl. 1 blk f rom 
beach . Del Mar. Near coast cruiser. Pool. 
sa7 SO. 481 -0758 (1119) 

2 lomale roommales needed ,n big L J 
hOuse PrIVate rooms A balhs . 5106. per mo 
Call 454-2813 . 

Beach house has room open! Directly on 
beach In Mission BeaCh 595lmonth Call 
Dave al 488 -8227 

Female roommate to share apartment one 
m,le 10 UCSD. Rent negotiable. Call Deoble 
453-8838, 

Tired of the dorm set -up? Room for 1 F In 
Clalremont house right now . No smoking . 
rent is 580 , 270-7893. 

Male roommate wanted lor own room In Del 
Mar 125 month &. uhl. 'h block from beach 
755-3361 Pele (1119) 

F or M housemate wanted. Responsible. 
qUIet nonsmoker w,th no pets 5103 & utd . 
Close to UCSD 453-8669 (1119) 

Anlmal-tovlng nonsmoking housemate 
needed for Single room In 5 bedroom house, 
Umversl!y C,IY. $1001 month plus. 453-8674 

To share spacious 3 br house In Del Mar wflh 
1 olher person . All amenilies &. view 755-3642 
755-7216 (1/26) 

Roommate needed· M, F own room $85 mo. 
plus ." utll. 2 b lOckS Irom USD - 8 ml from 
UCSD. Nice 2 bdrm apt. Tom 298-5539 eves. 
(1/21 ) 

WANTEd 
OccaSional Mother's HelperlSitter per-
manent lhru 3-78. 1'/2 miles from campus. 
453-5544 11/21 ) 

Will pay 520 a month to person allowing my 
dog to reside at their home. I supply food. 
Stacey 459-7823(1119) 

Wanted 10 buy or borrow to record : a copy of 
"Irs a beautiful day" by same. Neil 453-n80 
(1/21 ) 

Appoin tment secrelary pt time ·eve. Salary 
plus bonus pref ... jun,or or above call Mr. 
Clevenger 272-711 0 (1 124) 

Wanted ' lext for bio 149B w,1l pay fai r price 
755-7818 

Desperately needed two 2 sequence calculus 
books by B'1's Contact 453-0248 or 452-8009 

Courses by newpaper ... 
[Continued from Page 1] 

the oceans, American value 
sys tems, the future of the 
American society and the current 
publication includes a series of 
articles under the title of "Moral 
Choices in Contemporary Society." 

The innovative program ' has 
received mixed reactions from the 
newspaper media, with Colburn 
pointing out that many of the 
course issues have not escaped the 
raised eyebrows of editors and 
readers. 

" The program has really 
changed a lot of thinking in 
newspapers," Colburn said, and 
explained that " it's quite a 
departure from normal newspaper 
procedure." 

" We still get papers that turn us 
down because they cannot count on 
tHe weekly space," he added, 

Success Dae to 
Kaown Autbon 

But for the participating 
newspapers, the program has 
proven its popularity, with a figure 
as high as a 42 percent readership 
at Salt Lake City's major 
metropolitan, the Desert News. 
Colburn suggested that much cI. the 
success of the program can be 
attributed to the impressive list of 
contributing authors. 

" We use big name people to 
write the articles for the 
newspapers," Colburn boasted. 
" Very few of the people turn us 
down when we tell them that they 
will hav~ a 15 million-person 
readership." 

Past authors have included 
Robert Penn Warren, Carl Rogers, 
Paul Samuelson and Roger 
Revelle. Currently the program is 
expanding w~th plans to utilize 
television and radio. 

Desperalely need someone 10 fix my seW-lIP 
bicycle tire W,II pay reasonable fee LeeAnn 
755-321811119) 

SERVicES 
Lost unwanted pounds & Inche. Heal1ny A 
easy way to lose we'ght & keep It off Call 
Lynn 481 -8290 (3111) 

Attent,on ' Come hear SpencerTashlma Tues. 
night al 9 00 In the Muir 5 & Dime, You won·t 
want to fT\lsS him 

lost A found 

lost· Hlslory of Bonzos IDog do-dah) on 
1110 /77 somewherl!'· · reward it found tntact 
call 452-8268 

Found . If you have lost any mclney around 
12.:10 pm 1/13 please contact Bruce al 481 -
9207 Info reqUIred. 

Sentimental black lountain pen probably lost 
4th floor HSS If found re!Urn 10 lit dept. or 
call 274-9695. 

TRAVEr 
EUROPE ISRAEL AFRICA .. Student chart ... 
flights year round tSCA 1609 Westwood Blvd 
.'03, l A CallI. 90024 (1I3)826-5669 , 826-
0955 (312t) 

PERSONAls 
Happy a -day Bill . 21 and not a hai r to snow 
It! 1935 Flasher's 

All interested in surf team should aUend 
meeting aI6 :00 Wed HSS 2305 

Local Eckanl<ar Soc. presents free lecture , 
film - Tues. Jan. 187:30 San D'Bguito High 
Enc,nltas. Rm. 86 

Come to the film for rape awareness week -
" Not a pretty picture" TueSday in USB 2622 at 
7.30 free 

VAM - you are cordially invited to your bir-
thday party. First hint: lOOk on your door ... 
Capt Key 

Did the bOOkstore rip you off this q1r.? Tell 
me abOut ,I. Call f'ondY Schnetder 452-44~ 

" Television will deal with some 
_ of the major themes ot the course, 

as a visual supplement to the print 
materials," Colburn said, and 
added that radio will act as an 
" audio supplement." 

The overall concept of education 
through the newspaper media may 
boost readership, but Colburn 
views his role with an interest in 
communicating information and as 
a "service to the people." 

EXPOSE l:' OURSELF 
OUI MAGAZINE STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER JEFF 
DUMAS IS SEARCHING FOR BEAUTIFUL 
WOMEN TO BE CENTERFOLD CANDIDATES . 
PLEASE SEND A RECENT PHOTO, YOUR 
TELEPHONE NUMBER AND A SELF ADDRESSED 
ENVELOPE , 
TO "PH OTOGRAPHER," 
SUITE 301.9021 
MELROSE STREET, 
LOS ANGELES, 90069 

Page 7 



.... ........ lln .... 

Adu Educat~on Programs to be 
Revi wed · byCPEC Monday 

FrIday, .. ....., I., JI77 
Stra.ngelove: '5 Nuclear 
tlower Worth Risks ... 

by B Melll&.b such as AB 4322 would have such acce .. : etmic minorities, [Coatb .. led from 11 
Saenmea1aCerrapoadeat provided, and they are reluctant to women, the economically d.iia~ Governmeqt and industrial champlons of nuclear power are quick to 

(SACRAMENTO) --Equal ed- do it themselves, Haldeman said. vantaged, older adulta and point to. report by the former Atomic Energy Commissien that there is 
ucatiooal opportunity will be the Thus, how to implement the ser- disabled or handicapped. " There is only a billion to one Chance of a nuclear accident kUling 30,000 people and 
top priority issue but adult vices will certainly be debated at alIo a problem of .retention or causing ,17 billion worth of damage. Few noticed author Profe88Qr 
educational programa may be the the meeting, he said. accomodation, which involves Rasmussen's Massachusetts Institute of Tectmology predictions that 
most controversial ones when the Qapba. Towards Stadeldl providing an institutional en- showed the chances of a billion dollar accident, killiDg 3,000 people, were 
California Post Secondary The report is also slgnificant vironment that will help a student equal t8 the chances of drawing a royal nlab in a flve-card stud poker 
Education Cotnmision (CPEC) because of the change in priorities suCcessfully reach his or her game. 
meets in Long Beach on Monday. from the original five year plan. educational goaJa.!' Still to gain major headlines are the reports from two noted ex-RuBalan 

The Commission will revue a Whereas last year', CPEC's According to Donald McNeil, citizens; a scientist considered to be in a position to know and a professor 
staff report updatiDg the five year emphasis was on organization and Director of the Commiaslon, if the who rode through 8{1 area in the Soviet Union which had been tbe victim 
plan proposed for secondary information systems, the p~d recommendation on these and of an accidental atomic waste explosion. 
education in California that was emphasis this year is directed Qther problems covered in the lt5I Aceldeld 
Initiated last year. towards the students. update report approved by the Leo Tumennan, professor emeritus at the Weitzmann Institute in 

The section of the report on new The problem, according to the Commission, then it will form.the Israel, cfrove through an area near the Ul'JIl Mountains three years after 
educational services for adult reports, is that, "while it has been basis for CPEC's legiSlative policy the accident is reported to have occured in 1968. He said that hundreds of 
students will probably not receive State policy to provide equal ae- for the upcoming year and identify miles of terrain were turned into a "vast nothing" by the catastrophe, 
rubber stamp approval from the cess to post-secondary -education, the issues to which the commission caused by atomic wastes which overheated within a Ihallow burial 
commi.ssion, according to William thereareseveralgroupswbichare staff will direct nsearch and facility. Dr. Zhores A. Medvedev, an exiled Soviet lCientist, broke the 
Haldeman, CPEC assistant still confronted with barriers to analytical efforts. . news of the accident last November and said that hundi'eda were killed by 
directol' for planning. the explosion and resulting radiation. Ruasian officials have neither 

New Services ,... affirmed nor denled the reports. 
The services would address the ~ ( ~ , What measures are in progress to ensure against 'Such accidents here in 

areas of adult education which are .: : ,.\!~\ the U.s. and how effectlve are they? 
not now being well served," , Although environmental impact statements for proposed nuclear sites 
Haldeman said. Included are in- / ' :,: \ are required to provide information about the phyalcal conditions of a site 

. dividual assessment, counseling, and may provide some data on the possible damage to local flora and 
and career planning; in- I \; fauna, little or no projections have been made to determine the effect of 
dividualized degree-oriented an accident or people and property near a nuclear power plant. 
learning opportunities and cer- : 1 Until recentiy. This neglect moved a Minnesota Public "rest 
tification of academic and oc- Research Group (MPIRG) to prepare a report calculating health and 
cupational competence with or . _ . property damage in the event of an accident at the MonticeUo plant in 
without formal instruction. I -ll!! that state. Their basic source documents were the Reactor Safety Study 

During the 1975·76 regular P-li - f:'i: ~- (WASH-I400) of the National Regulatory Commission. The lengthy report 
session of the Legislature . , - '\.''tfJ estimates that in the event of a blow-up "immediate deaths and illnesses 
assembly member John I '-_ ~ - .~. due to radiation would likely be confined to thepopulatlon within 10mUes 
VasconceUos (0- San Jose) in- ' t:~ -·l~ I downwind of the reactor site. Assuming evacuation ... fails, the town of 
troduced AB 4322 which sought to I i /~ _- -- Monti~Uo would be hard-hit by U1ness at best and decimated at the 
establish a system that would " worst. 
supply these services, but it failed . - .:.... f'v ~.:.:;::- Evacuation, food and shelter for the uibabitants moved out and 
to pass. . decontamination costs could run into the millions of dollars. The total 

CPEC decided not to administer human and property impact of a nuclear accident to that area is 
the services itself for at least three staggering. The MPIRG report is being censidered by some as a tentative 
years because this would have prototype of a Phase II nuclear reactor impact statement. 
destroyed the objectivity of the Price ADdenoa Act 
commission, Haldeman said. Questions raised about.who is responsible should an accident occur are 

The three systems of public referred to the extended Price Anderson Act. "H a nuclear plant causes 
higher ed~cation (UC, California _ _ more ~ a haif-billion dollars damage, no one will be held responsible." 
State universities and colleges and States such as New York are attempting to enact legislation which will 
California conununity colleges) deny a power company the okay to build a nuclear plant if they do not 
oppoSe setting up a fourth system L ____ ._ •. _ _ " _ .. -- .. . _ _ _ _ ......J acceptfullliabilityforanydamagestheplantmaycause. 

'. Singles $7.00'! reg. $9.95 
Doubles S9.00! reg. $12:95 
Triples $9.oo! reg. $15.95 
Wedges S10.00! reg. $17.95 

Hu~ers S12.00! · reg. $21,95 
T·Shll~ts S4.95! reg. $7.00 

1261 Prospect Ave. #2 
ACROSS FROM THE OiARntOUSE RESTAURANT 


