
Friday, MareIIll, 1177 

Vote 846 ShoH: of 25% Turnout - One Day Left 
e Referendum: A Search for an Election New Regent 

Opposed for 
Bike Stand 

by Alan Russell 
NewsEdHor 

Off, off to the referendUIQ. 
It is 10 am, Wednesday. Out 

there, at a placed called UCSD, 
a referendum is supposed to be 
going on. It isn't. 

The ballots haven't been 
delivered yet. I watch two 
women sit forlornly at Revelle, 
waiting for their ballots. 
Trekking to the polling place in 
front of the gym steps. I find no 
ballots there, either. And I 
wanted to be the first to vote. . 
1154 people have voted III the 

govermneut referendum, 
the cioslDg of the poDs yester-

accordlDg to ElectiODl Board 
' ..... ".,.IO'IIU ... Andy Sclmelder. ThIs 

the turDout 84e sbort of the 
per cent required by the 
It;h~lnceuor to validate the retlults. 

H the turnout Is less than 25 per 
cent, the Chancellor will be open to 
interpret the results, upon advice 
from the Elections Board. 

The polls will be open tomorrow 

the election is not the throbbing, 
pulsing environment that's 
supposed to accompany voting 
day. I sit with two "old Pros" 
who commiserate about the 
"good old days." "This election 
stinks," said one. "Without Tom 
Tanana exciting everyone it's 
just not the same." The other 
old pro nods. 

filling in the boxes. A long 
hai~ed blonde surfer type starts 
complaining to the Epsilon 
Alpha Beta (EAB) person 
manning the booth. "What are 
these questions supposed to 
do?" he asks. The EAB person's 
answer doesn't placate him. 
"It's bullshit," says the surfer. 
The old pros agree. 

The first woman walks up to 
vote at the polling place in fro~t 
of the gymnasium. She's 
number eleven. Her name is 
Anne Simon. She shouts, "You 
should have a big sign that says 
VOTE." The o}d pros agree. 

I ready myself to go visit all 
five polling places. Fate directs 
a motorized Suzuki Carry truck 
to roll up. Matt O'Brien, leading 
the EAB charge, the overseer of 
the overseers of the polls, and 
Andy Schneider, MR. UCSD and 
Coordinator of the Elections 
Board, get out and survey the 
scene. "Press," I scream. They 
condescend to let me ride in 
the back of the cart. The 
journey, my quest, begins. As 
we wheel along towards the 
Revelle polling place we all 
scream " Vote." Schneider 
bellows in the wind confidently 

to Sam and me, "We'll have 
2000 votes by the end of the 
day." 

"Can I quote you, 
Schneider?" 

"Hell, yes." 
Revelle at 11: 30 is like Topeka 

at 11:30. Nothing's happening. 
Judy Lesar, poll staffer, 
complains to Schneider that 
they didn't get their ballots until 
10:30. 25 people have voted 
there . 

Schneider yells "don't 
worry," and we wheel off again, 
screaming "vote, vote ." 

We stop in front of the Student 
Continued on Page 8 

by Hugh McIntosh 
Sacramento Correspondent 

The UCSD bicycle shop coh-
.troversy is even being felt in 
Sacramento. 

Last week Sen. John Stull (R-
Escondido) led an unsuccessful 
attempt to block the confirmation 
of Vilma Martinez as a Regent of 
the University of California, 
charging that her support of 
student run businesses is evidence 
of her opposition to the free err 
terprise system. 

Martinez, president and general 
counsel for the Mexican-American 
Legal Defense and Educational 
Fund, was confirmed by the Senate 
by a vote of 26~ . The Senate also 
confirmed Gregory Bateson, an 
anthropologi3t lecturing at UC 
Santa Cruz , and Verne Orr, 
Finance Director under former 
GOY. RQnald Reagan, a s Regents 
by a 36 to 0 vote . 

At 10: 15 Samson, a noble and 
hairy dog, wishes to go sniff. We 
wait no longer for the ballots. 
The ballots arrive at 10:25. 
We're not the first to vote. 

The ballot itself is long. 
People confusedly struggle over 

TT photo: Bill Brooks 
Topeka at 11 :30 ... poll attendant Dave Gambee waits for voters at the Revelle booths yesterday afternoon a/ 
12:30. 

Stull 's opposition to Martinez 
stems from a controversy in-
volving on-campus bicycle shops 
here and at UC Santa Barbara. 
Local bicycle shop owners have 
complained that the campus shope; 
are dealing with the general public 
instead of confining their clientele 
to UC people (Triton Times, Feb. 2, 
Feb. 14, Feb. 18). This amounts to 
unfair business competition since, 
in effect, the campus shops are 
subsidized by the University, he 

Continued on Page 7 

Only 15 Turn Out for Last Highest Proportion in State, Again 
Referend~m Debate Tuesday Student-TA Ratio to Rise 8% 

by Laun Rlcbter 
SblfWrlter 

Representatives from each of the three government model support 
groups took part in a referendum debate , sponsored by Fourth College, 
Tuesday evening. 

A sparse, but interested group of about 15 students gathered to hear the 
pros and cons ofthe Associated Students ofUCSD(ASUCSD), the Cabinet-
Assembly, and the current government form, the Coop. Today is the final 
day of voting for the models and 37 comprehensive questions. 

Fred Speck, author of the modified version of the original 1971 ASUCSD 
constitution, detAiled his reasons for supporting a "structural electoral 
government on this campus." He criticized the Coop, saying it "has 
moved into a position of power where it could carry out actions without 
asking the opinion of the students." 

Speck, speaking from his close contacts with the Student Body 
Presidents Council (SBPC) and Regents' meetings, felt that "we have 
less input, power and autonomy than students on any other UC campus." 
He noted a lack of students rights, expecially in the influence of fee 
decisions. "We're losing ground," he said. "How come we're not gaining 
ground?" Continued on Page 7 

Summer Job Workshop Set 
Would you rather be looking 

forward to a job that will give you 
experience in your career or at 
most be intellectuallv stimulatinll 
than a 40 hour a week job at the 
local fast food enterprise? The 
wnmer job workshop offered by 

Career Planning and Placement 
might make this dream a reality. 

At the workshop, handouts will 
be passed to ltudents containing 
infonnaUon on what kinds ct. 

summer jobs are available and 
what kinds of jobs are likely to ~­
~ur every summer. Information 
will be given on the deadlines to 
apply for the particular kinds of 
jobs, with some deadlines being as 
early as October. 

Handouts will also give hints on 
how to approach employ~rs, in-
terviewing proceedures and 
resume writing. 

"We are being shortchanged on this campus and we option means less money for the same work. " 
don't like it a bit," exclaimed Dr. Manuel Rotenberg, Although the all-out Work Study effort generated ' 
Dean of Graduate Studies for the campus. 

Rotenberg, commenting on the Teaching Assistant additional T As, Fort cited additional staff costs of 
(TA) situation at UCSD, was reacting to planning $30,000 to continue the program. That kind of money, 
office data which shows UCSD to have the highest she intimated, was just not available. 
lower-division unde~graduatelf A ratio in the UC The all-out effort Fort explained involved all T As 
system. By companson, Berkeley has tWice as many . ' . ' 
TAs per lower-division under-graduates as does UCSD cooperatmg by applYIng for Federal Work Study 

Last November. Chancellor McElroy appointed ~ money regardless ?f whether they had a lready been 
Task Force to coordinate the Teaching Assi5- guaranteed a TAship. Now: under the plans for next 
tantlWork Study Program and to analyze the costs and year, graduate students Will ~ as~ed t~ ma~e ure 
benefits of the Program during its two years of t~ey apply for the loan and fmanclal a id their need 
operation. The Work Study Program was first dictates. 
discussed seriously, according to the Task Force 
Report. in February of 1975 to help solve the problem of 
inadequate State support for Teaching As istants. Currentl~,the re ~re 179 TA ~E, a nd a 42.66 un-

The initial effort of the Program resulted in an ad- dergraduate/l A ratio . A,.cordmg to Rotenber , 
ditional17 TA Full Time Equivalents (FTE ) _ or 34 a ~nam.g on me ae~r~e~t , th~re wlll be mcrea ed 
new TAs- for the acad mic year 1975-76. An "all-out" section SIzes, course~ mst~tu .ed ,With le~tures only, and 
effort this year will result in the augmentin of TA faculty members takmg diSC 1 s lOn.sectIons next ye~r. 
re ource', by 18 to 21 TA FTE. The 172 TA FTE for ne t vear lS broken down 1Il~0 

156.2 from tate mone , 10 0 from other academIC 
Program Too Expensive alaries and 5.8 from f der I work tud mone that 

AccorJing to Jean Fort, Associate Dean of Graduat thi campu could r · c; .. i:':'v .. t ;",-u"·::.- .. <!~;ti :;::1 
Students and a member of the Task Force, UCSD will taH costs, 
follow an option the Report provides for di continuing The stat allocation is an increa of ight from la t 
the Work Study Program, and maintaining em- year, and i primaril a result of efforts by thi cal~. us 
ployment of TAs at the 50 percent level. Because work to convinc Univer ity Administration to corree th 
study-funded Teaching As istants would only be inequity between th lower-divi ion und rgraduat If A 
funded at the 45 percent level next year, one option the ratio on thi campu and th ratio on the oth r 
report had offered WIllJ to employ all TAs atthis level. campusc . An additional ev n TA FTE is promi d 

However, Rot nberg stated that "this Is not a viabl for next y ar. Onc that i confirmed In writing, Fort 
alt rnative. Graduate stud nts work 50 perc nt. That sald," Ad mandformoreTA upportwill be made ." 



. 999 Reasons to Vote 
byR .. Aabar 

Maybe you 'vt! rown tired of hearing reasons as to why you should vote, 
but this is it. F'3r the final lime on the pages of this newspaper you will be 
reminded to vote in today's referendum. So don't look away and If you're 
stiD not sure Yihether you'll vote or not, please try to be convinced. It's 
you who make up the life on this campus. 

Reason number 49: You may have heard an awful lot of bad things 
about the student Cooperative Union government structure at UCSD and 
have grown disenchanted with student government as a whole on this 
campus. But have you reaDy examined the Coop concept? Its basis is 
very idealistic, and the concept which began it is stiD as valid today as it 
ever was. • 

In fact, this referendum offers you two choices between governments 
which embody the cooperative concept: The SCU and the 
CabineU Assembly model. Take a look at it and decide for yourself which, 
if either, is better. Ooo't let others decide for you. 

Reason number 309: What do you think about the government of the 
United states? Does it appeal to you? In this J1!ferendum you have a 
chance to vote for a government model similar to that of the US gover-
nment. In fact, you have an alternative between two choices again. 

triton times FrIda" Muellll,1I77 

The Associated Students of uam offers a government model with 
elected officials from each college and a President and Vice-President 
elected by the campus as a whole, much like each state votes for its 
senators and the US elects its President. On the other side we have the 
CabineU Assembly which offers an executive branch of government (the 
cabinet) and a legislative branch (the assembly) . Uke the US govern-
ment, the legislature is the only ooe which can initiate a law, while the 
executive branr.h sees to it that the !lecisions are carried out. 

Letters to the Editor 
"Rec Center'.' Benefits the Elite 

Reason number 743: Did you realize that some of the questions on the 
ballot include ones which will make camplL'!i media. independent of the 
Regents, will put food and housing services under the authority of the 
student government at UCSD, and will advise that San Diego Police not 
be allowed to patrol at UCSD? Do you have any feelings regarding these 
matters? 

Students at UCSD should be 
concerned with their interests. It 
follows that students should vote 
"no" on the proposed "Physical 
Education and Recreatioo Center" 
for it clearly is not in their best 
interests. 

Don't give me the reason that you just don't care. Everyone cares. 
Some people just doo't have the initiative to think about things around 
them, or are too lazy to go out and vote. If this is so, view it as an exercise 
in self~ontrol to bring yourself to the ballot box before this week is over. 

Reason number 812: The referendum gives students of this campus a 
chance to show that they can really turn out if they want to. I think that 
this is true anyway, but unfortunately some do not. So go out and make 
sure that your nJlme is at least checked off as having submitted a &lllot. 
Think of what a 75 percent turnout would mean for this campus. 

The UCSD administration has 
fluctuated in its specifications for 
who can use the proposed facilities. 
First, student participation was to 
be limited to 150 (Nov. '76,) then it 
was revised to include only 50 
students (Jan. 21, 1977,) and the 
latest revision calls for 240 par-
ticipants (Feb. 8, 1977.) The fact 
remains that less than two-and-
one-half percent of the UCSD 
student population will be allowed 

Voting and interest in elections bring people together (view the national 
elections) and a big turnout on this campus may make it an undeniable 
fact that students at UCSD can view fellow students as friends and 
members of the same community trying to improve itseU. 

Reason number 999: Why not vote? 

Satirical Look at the Elections 
My friend Jimmy has been taking night courses in 

political science at the local university. He stopped by 
after class the other evening to tell me about some of 
the things he's been learning. 

"I'm really excited about what we're doing in my 
Applied Control Theory class," he started. "It's 
really practical. You see, the university ad-
ministration uses Control Theory models to 
manipulate the students so they don't make too much 
trouble. We've been studying how weD the student 
reactions fit the model. So far it's beautiful - just like 
lemmings!" 

"Lemmings?" 
"Yes. The administrators are staging a classic 

Election-Run-Around Event. They get a few planted 
students all stirred up about some trivial issue and 
then have an election. The rest of the students work 
themselves into a frenzy and follow one or the other of 
the 'leaders.' Before they know it, they've run off of 
the cliff - that is, they've wasted the whole year on 
charges and counter~harges about meaningless 
issues, and have no time or energy left to hassle the 
administration. " 

"That does sound clever," I admitted, "but doesn't 
it take a lot of work to find a good trivial issue?" 

"Oh, not at all!" Jimmy said. "I used to think so 
when I was studying at Georgia, but the guys out here 
are way ahead of the game. About two or three years 
ago they bought off a few key campus radicals with a 
guaranteed supply of dope and free food for their 
dogs. One of them, Marco Polo I think his name is, 
was instructed to 'discover' and promote a Type CC 
student government." 

"TypeCC?" 
"Sorry. CC is for 'Chicken Coop.' So called because 

it's basically an unstructured anarchy where 
everybody rll s around like chickens, screaming 
nonsense at 'lath other. Totally non-functional, since 
there are n:> identifiable representatives to hold 
accountable 100 no clear lines of authority." 

"I see. So then everything is done by power bloc 
politics, and ideolog!cnl conflict!! hetween blocks of 
students gen'~r,te trivial non-issues automatically ." 

Jimmy glrwed. "Well, almost. You see, since Coop 
meetings an spch a waste of time, most students stay 
home and stully instead. To get the thing to work 
properly, the has to be some way to get word of 
what didn't ppen at a meeting to everybody who 
wasn't there. So, the Administration had this 
Montgomery Ward character set up an unofficial 
party newspaper for the radical block that runs the 
Chi.cken Coop." 

"But that wouldn't do any good unless the 'outs' had 
their own paper too." 

"Oh, they do. All the ·outs'· gathered around the 
official campus newspaper, the Trite Trash. Since 
neither paper reports what actually happens, all sorts 
of charges and counter~harges spring into existence 
over glorious misunderstandings. The whole thing's 
fantastic! " 

" Hmmm, sounds positively Machiavellian," ( 

mused. "Now I understand why the students outthere 
were so preoccupied with those ridiculous 'Spit 
Hearings' last year. But you said something about 
studying an election. How does all this relate to an 
election?" 

"An election, or warfare if you will, was 
inevitable," Jimmy proclaimed. " By starting with 
the radicals, the Administration assured that the 'out' 
group would always be larger than the 'in' group 
which was spending the money. Hence, according to 
the Fundamental Theorem of Control Theory, the 
'outs' would force a confrontation as soon as they 
found a suitable 'leader.' The Administration helped 
things along by SPOMOring a study of alternate 
government models last summer. Then the 'outs' 
found the Fat Kid to lead them into battle. He's 
great!" 

"The Fat Kid?" 
., Andy Something or Other. He's got a physique like 

a blimp and an ego to match. In order to compensate 
for his basic insecurity, he needs to feel wanted,so he 
tries to become as powerful as he can. A classic 
type." 

"I get it now. With this Andy character ready to 
jump on any issue that comes his way, the 'outs' have 
forced an election to dethrone Marco Polo and 
Montgomery Ward and their cronies." 

"That's right. The two groups argued all of fall 
quarter to decide on the rules for the election, and it's 
taken most of winter quarter to actually set it up. If 
the Coop loses, it will take all of spring quarter to set 
up the new government. And if there's any time left 
over that the students might try to use constructively, 
there's always the opinion poll to argue over." 

"Is an opinion poll part of the election, too?" 
"As strange as it may seem," Jimmy chuckled, "it 

is. A rhetorical, completely unscientific, super biased 
set of questions was placed on the ballot by the 
Administration stooges in the radical block. They 
figured that they could use the results of this to bind 
any new government to the same old impractical 
ideology. Thus, the battles over non-issues would be 
perpetuated for two or three. more years." 

"What did the Fat Kid do about all this?" I asked. 
"Obviously, it threatens his power grab." 

"Well, he fought its inclusion on procedural 
grounds as long as he could, and then at the last 
minute he convinced the Elections Board to let 
graduate students vote on the opinion poll questions. 
The effect is to make the results of the vote on most of 
the questions ambiguous or Illogical." 

I laughed. "Hey, that's neat! " Will he get away 
with it?" 

" If he does, the Administration will be really 
tickled. Our Control Theory model predicts that the 
graduates will then be drawn into the whole un-
dergraduate political circus. That will leave them 

IIttl~ time to worry about teaching assistant funding, 
where they've been a reAl pain to the Administration 
lately." 

Continued on Page 3 

to use the "Recreation Center" 
facilities. 

Additionally, only paying 
members can use the facilities. 
Student participation will be 
limited and those student par-
ticipants must pay an annual 
membership fee, (presently 
planned for $SO/year.) With next 
year's tuition going up, and with 
approximately 50 percent of UC-
SD's student population depending 
on some form of financial aid, the 
tightening of the student financial 
straitjacket is all too apparent. 

It follows that only a few 
students with the financial means 
will benefit from the proposed 
center. It is therefore pretentious 
to assert that the center will 
"provide much needed relief to 
existing overburdened facilities" 
(UCSD environmental impact 
report, Sept. 12, 1976) - which is 
what the UCSD administration 
asserts in support of the project. 

Furthermore, this raises the 
question of how University land 
should be used. Obviously, since 
the University theoretically serves 
to facilitate the education of its 
students, its usage of land should 

. reflect student priorities. The US 
Navy beli~ved this when they gavl! 
the land east of Highway 5 to the 

University of C8Ii.fornia on Sept. 
23,1964. In the deed to the land, the 
Navy stipulated that the land be 
used only for "educational pur-
poses.." In the event that the land 
was not used for such purposes, 
title to the land (as well as all 
improvements) would revert back 
to the US Government. Serious 
legal questions arise around the 
proposed "Recreation Center" 
plans which are to include a 
limited student participation 
tainted by financial 
discrimination. (i.e. those who 
can't afford it, can't participate.) 

To summarize, the proposed 
" PE &: Recreation Center" 
neglects student interests. It is vile 
sophistry to say that such a project 
will benefit the student population. 
There's a reason for the quotes 
around the lOPE &: Rec. Center." 
Those are the administration's 
words. More appropriately, I 
submit that this proposal is nothing 
but a plan for a country club that 
will benefit only those who can 
afford it. Let's not have the wool 
pulled over our eyes. VOTE NO on 
the proposed "Physical Education 
& Recreation Center." 

External Affairs Support Group 
of the Student Cooperative UnJon. 

Rape Task Force Encouraged 
With Administrative Response 

You may have been aware of the 
petition drive that was plaMed for ' 
this 'week to show support for the 
proposed intra-campus nighttime 
bus service in SWing 1977. You 
may also have noticed that there 
have been no petitions circulated. 
There is a good, and encouraging, 
reason for this. 

Because of the interest that the 
Business Office, the Women's 
Center and the Triton Times 
showed, George Murphy has 
responded in writing to our 
requests and will " fully support 
proceeding" with the trial run next 
quarter. Given the amount of time 

and energy it would have taken to 
successfully pass petitions at this 
point, it was decided that as long as 
the administration is aware of the 
interest in and support for the 
service and since we have been 
promised its implementation for 
the Spring, there is no longer the 
necessity for the petitions. 

It is encouraging that ad-
ministrators are being responsive 
and we hope that a nighttime 
shuttle service will be useful and 
will help this campus become a 
safer environment for everyone. 

THE RAPE TASK FORCE 

triton times 
Da.id EI,en· (.",utl .. editor 
Mark Stadler· MIII.Q1f19 ... Ic.r 
Gary Ghlf.rd •• Ad-.rtlalnv ~"Iger 
Alan Russell· N_edltor 
"Ie<: N''-lman • Auodele N_ editor 
Shauna Slokes • Praducllon Me ..... ' 
Sue Nealon· CotIJ ed!lor 
Ran Antler· Opinion _Ito, 
SCOII SalllI· Sport. editor 
T.m MacKenzie· A" ... tor 
elll Brooks· Ph"Ioedlto, 
Joel C Don · Allocl.le He".lCIltor 

S"It Writ_ 
DIll Sl . C'.'re Bacon 
M·CBrien 
Ted Burke 
0... Cohen 
Li .. Frwrkel 
Dave Friedman 
Vanessa Griego 
John Halperin 
MIIrgauI' Hewey 
Doro'"y Houston 

SaraJ Lowen 
Jell Normur. 
Laura Rtehler 
Kirk Robinson 
Oebbi. Schwam 

WesteyWad. 
Jud'j Walton 
paulWalry 
RaneyW ..... 

~"""'nI' Cindy Heffron 
Kellly McMillen 
AIlbIWool 
Suellnder 
PIIala IfIIIIIIen 
SflannonAI_ 
SIIII'.., HonOl 
Howlfd Koller 
Chri' ShehNn 
SaIe,'taff 
Ed Gille' 
Alan Kreman 
Byron Pepper 

FrIdaY, ~1111,lm 

Search for an Election ... 
They're confident at Muir. Kathy McMillen and Rick Flshbeln 

proclaim, "we're doing great." It also looks Uke they've gotten a fair 
amount of people to vote, about 50. A student walks up to turn in his 
ballot. ir'" I ask 

"WouldYOuteU mewhatprcmptedyoutovote, s . . 
"Sure, " said John Streck. "Who in theIr right mind would want the 

CooP around anymore?" 
At least the comments are gettin8lucid. Earlier I asked a bearded 

entleman how he felt after voting on the referendum questions. "I 
reel circumcised again." It was an hour before I got up the nerve to 
ask anyone a questioo again. 

Third College draws us like the proverbial moth being pulled by 
the Ught. We blitzkrieg in the cart. Top of the world. 

Sedonla Clarlot assures me everything Is go4'g "fine" at her Third 

post. '" "Does it seem like an election to you. 
"Yeah" she says. "It's dull enough." 25 people have voted so far . 
Schneid~ yells "We'D have 2000 votes by the end of the day." The 
people in the cart snicker. We roll by a Third College Lecture HaD that 
has more people in it than have voted the entire day. . 

Election Central beckons to us. Unfortunately, the Chancellorial 
Assistant, David Ernst's office doesn't. They're o~ and the same .. We 
walk inside find an office full of ballots. Schneider makes a little 
prediction t~ Ernst. "We'll have 2000 votes by the end of the day." 
Sam, Ace, and I leave the place unimpressed. . 

No more free rides. We have to walk to the last polling place. 
Matthews bookstore. Marsha Harris tells us she's just gone,?n du~. 
"Look at this, only IT votes," she says. But then she smiles: Four m 
the last two minutes though." We can understand why. She s a great 
carnival barker Comtant chatter. "Have you voted? Hey, get your 
red dogs. We ne~ the 25 percent. Don't be the last on the block." She 
snares a couple of voters. She's the best. The referendum would have a 
100 percent tum out if all poll people were as diligent as she. Well, 
maybe. 

"Have you voted yet," she yells to a passerby. 
"No?" says the mustache. 
"Are you planning on it?" 
"No." . 
We leave. Her mumbles trail in the air like Guy Lo~bardo ~USIC. 
Thursday. The signs are up. I am alone. The election contmues. So 

they tell me. Well, I check into several polling place~. Some people are 
voting but it seems like 10 times as many are rushing off to class, or 

girlfri~nds , or the surf, or anything but the referendum. 
Continued on Page 7 

Satire .. , 
ColltiDUed from Page Z 

Jimmy's statement seemed 
wistful. "You don't seem very 
confident in that," I observed. 

"To tell the truth," he said, "the 
graduate students aren't reacting 
according to the theory. Today, 
they chose to issue a statement on 
TA's instead of making a big issue 
of the election snafu." 

"Can't you change your model to 
take that into account?" 

"Yes, we had to do a homework 
problem like that. But every time I 
do the calculations for this 
situation, I get an imaginary an-
swer." 

"What does that mean?" 
" As near as I can tell," Jimmy 

sighed, "it means that the 
graduate students take over the 
University ... 

I gasped. "Did you check with 
your Control Theory professor?" 

"Can't. He doesn't have any 
office hours. When he isn't con-
sulting out of town, he's up in Del 
Mar doing secret research for the 
government at the Institute for 
Policy Analysis." 

"Isn't there anybody'?" I asked. 
"This could be important! " 

"Wait , I know!" Jimmy raced 
{or the phone in the next room. 

"But it's midnight!" I yelled. 
"That's ok, he won't mind. " 
I couldn't imagine that he, 

whoever he was, wouldn't mind. 
But maybe he didn't - I could hear 
Jimmy talking excitedly into the 
phone. A minute later he came 

back into the room and collapsed 
into the chair, his face pale. 
"Who'd you call?" I demanded. 
" What did he say?" What's 
wrong?" 

He looked at me. "My T A ... says 
that I've done the pr{)blem ... 
exactly right! ' 

NAME WITHHELD BY 
REQUEST 

LLAGE 
BEAUTY 
SUPPLY 

has 

PHYGIENE· Therapeutic SO<lP 
5ubstltute. Fantastic dry skin 
cIean_. 51.99 
MEDlCEtmCAL Rx· Profession· 
aI skin eM! for Itchy. oily scalp. 
acne, rrinor skin abrasions $1.39 
PRECIOUS PU\CEf'(l"Arich 
moisturizing creme. Made from 
pure aganlc placenta. Helps 10 
eliminate dry skin, lines Our 
PrIce $1.98 

VILLAGE BEAUTY 
SUPPLY 

737 PEARL 
Don·t be mls'aken . The address of our 
Plaza is on Pearl bu, our entrance Is off 
our free parking 101 on Eads, Jusl sou,h of 
Pearl In lhe new building willi Lord 
Bryon's Cookies. Dick's Liquor IIIld fhe 
Soup Exchange. 

I rtW" I lilli'S Page 3 

Senate Finance Panel Next Obstacle 
Bill Banning Throwaways Passed Committee 

(SACRAMENTO)-A bill to 
outlaw throw-away beer and soft-
drink containers cleared a major 
obstacle last week when it won 
approval by the State Senate 
Natural Resources and Wildlife 
Committee. 

By a five-to-four vote the 
Committee sent SB 4, better known 
as the "bottle bill", to the Senate 
Finance Committee. The bill is 
sponsored by Sen. Orner Rains (I). 
Ventura). 

Opponents of the Qill predicted 
plant shutdowns and massive 
unemployment in California's 
beer, bottle ana can industries if 
the bottle bill were to become law. 

As an example of what might 
happen, they pointed to the 
disappearance of some canned 
beverages from grocers' shelves 

curiRr' 
Over 1776 clitnl ... nce 1962 San 01000" 
mot! tlperienCed ChItte< Co. 

EUROPE from '327 
.......... 71 

2.3.4.5.6 10 24 w .... ","Iloon 10 g co'itS 
No clubs 10 JOIn. no leeslnd SA'if 10 60'1. 

HAWAII from 1179 

and the closure of a National Can 
Co. plant in Oregon where a bottle 
law has been in effect for more 
than two years. 

Gum Wrapper BaD 
"n's strange that they (o~ 

ponents of the bill) did not name 
one executive official or legislator 
(in Oregon) who opposes the law if 
it has had such a dlsasterous effect 
on the economy," Rains said. "The 
truth is, the law has so much 
support they wouldn't dare oppose 
it." 

Senator John Nejedly (R-Walnut 
Creek), chairperson of thp ('O'll-

mittee, said he approved of the 
principle behind the bottle biD, but 
said it does not go far enough. 
Nejedly said he plans to introduce 
a more compr-ehensive bill 
covering all throw-away con-
tainers, even chewing gum 
wrappers. 

lbe bottle biD would require a 
deposit of 5c on all beer and soft-
drink containers. Cans and bottles 
which can be used by more than 
one manufacturer, or which are all 
steel or aluminwn, would require 
only a 2c deposit. 

CalIfornia School of Professional Psydtology 
is pleased to announce the 
ACCREDITATION 

by the 
Western Asscxladon of Sdloois and Colleges 

. of the Los Angeles, San Diego 
and San Frandsco campuses 

and a final accreditation site visit 
of the Fresno campus. 

CSPP gratefully acknowledges the support of the profession 
and the confidence of its students and alumni. 

Office of the President 
Suite A . 2152 Union Street. San Francisco, CA 94123 

Last year, the stotyof their 
early yearS won l~ Emmys. 

Now,scethemm 
their White Houscyears. 
One of the most celebrated events on television la!;t year was 
the story of Eleanor and Franklin Roosevelt in their early 
years. Now, Jane Alexander and Edward Herrman : cont.inue 
their portrayals of the Roosevelts in "Eleanor and F ranklm : 
The White House Years ." Don't miss it. 
'Eleanor and Franklin: The White House YearsS 
Sunday, March 13,8 P.M. on KC 'T -'rV-Chm1nel3~· 

Broughlill ou \) 

IBM 



triton times 

Wom," Rumble to Rough Win 
by Dave Cohen 

Staff Writer 
UCSD women's basketball team trounced USIU, 63-

30 Wednesday at the UCSD gym. Unfortunately, the 
game was marred by ridiculously phySical play, which 
went unchecked by feeble officiating. 

The defense sparkled throughout the game. 
the defense of Lauren Colbert who, 

Jallthnl1Hlh nl,.,v;n,a only half the game, stole the ball 
constant pressure also accounted for 

'nlll"ft",·nll .. steals by teammates. Everyone displayed 
hands at the Tritons forced more than 25 tum-

offense was equally superb, except for one 
'I aISDE!Ct-·the shooting. The Tritons shot under 20 percent 

the field. But t:ley made up for it with excellent 
passing, rebounding and hustle. All in all they probably 
got off five times as many shots as USIU. 

The second half, however, was a sad show of 
basketball. Indeed it looked more like a football game. 
If the officiating was on the weak side in the first half, 
it stunk in the second. USIU got in more elbows than 
the Bay Area Bombers of roller derby fame . UCSD's 
women were instructed not to go inside for fear of 
inciting a brawl. In fact, the roughhouse brand of play 
resulted in the injury of four Triton players. "I thought 
.~ __ the game was rotten", said Shirley Peterson, the 

Triton coach. 
Violence notwithstanding, the Tritons displayed 

professional poise. They generated a fine offensive 
Physical contact prevailed as the Tritons bounced and attack and the defense was tenacious. The victory was 
bumped their way past USIU Wednesday afternoon. 63· the Tritons eighth against four defeats. The Tritons 
30. play Grossmont on Monday at 4 :30 in the gym. 

Discount 
Prices 

Photowaphic Supplies 

v ' "-', 

f 
f./ , . " j 

Darkroom 
Supplies 

Expert Service 
';.: ..... ~ 

Quality Equipment 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 

Revelle 

--,- ~ 1\ • ( .11,,113 ,-,OJ.;;-,,; 

UCSD -Lisa Kearns'n'Paul Blabac 
Talent Show Winners 

LA Comedy Store: 
Program 

Board Willie Tyler and lester 
Presents Samuels and Cohen 

March 11 8:00 pm 
Revelle Cafeteria $1 .00 admission Closely guarded Anne Carrington puts up a shot in Wednesday 's 

game. 

by Jeff Nomura 
Staff Writer 

Winning seven of their nine mat-
ches, the women's tennis team han-
dily defeated Southwestern College 
last Tuesday at the John Muir courts. 

In singles competition, UCSD's 
Avriel Shroth downed Southwestern's 
Jennifer Nelson in three sets, 6-1 , 6-7, 
7 -S in the top-seeded position. 

The team's only casualty in singles 
was Pam Gold's 6-2, 6-4 loss to Olga 
Felan in the number two spot. 

In other singles action, Abby Baker , 
crunched Cathy McCann 6-2, 6-3; Amy 
Goldel1berg trounced Elizabeth 
Torrez 1Hl, 6-1; Maria Nation toasted 
Ellen Drost 6-4, 6-1 and Debbie Fuerth 
outshot Bernie Aguilar 6-3, 7-5 to give 
the Tritons a &-1 edge. 

In doubles, Elizabeth Vandenburgh 
teamed with Kathy Weber to subdue 
Southwestern's Felan-McCarm 6-2, 6-
2. Joanie Kapusnik and Lyn Dignam 
outlasted the team of Drost-Aguilar 
for a 6-2, 5-7, 6-4 victory. Shannon Aik-
man and Linda Schlesinger were not 

Clockwise frOfT' Ie/I: AVI,.,n . 

•••• 7 
I. ••• 

SPEAKING IN PERSON ON 
"AMERICAN CULTURE 1945-
1985" AT THE 

UCSD 
GYM 

MARCH 19 
7:30 P.M. 

Plus Keith Hpmon- of the L-S 
Society speaking on "Spa e· 
based Solar Pow~r ! Near rill 
Solution to the En('rgy Crisis" 
with special space scien e 

~Iide ~how about satellite solar 
poWl:'r qa\lon, space x· 
ploration, th r alion of 
(>xtraterr(>Hrial blo ' 

(ommunit le~, ('tr !I 
Tickets on wle at the UCSD 
Box Office - 452-4559. Studen" 
Sl.SO .. ········General 53.SO 
Pmented by GRIN/L-5 Society 
ofUCSO 

as fortunate as they fell to Nelson-
Torrez 6-4,6-3. 

"Everyone felt really good! ," ex-
clainled coach Chris Mattson. The win 
was the Triton 's frrst smce pre-
season. 

What does this year's team think 
about the team? 

According to Kathy Weber, "We 
don't always come out on top, but we 
have a bright, sunny team!" 

Teammate Kathy Monroe added, 
"This year's team is really unified, 
has lots of spirit and a lot of depth." 

"Of all the teams at UCSD," 
claimed Lyn Dignam, "we're 
probably the least athletic, but the 
best-looking. " 

The Tritons will play host to the All-
Cal Invitational to be held April 1-2, 
bringing together tennis buffs from 
throughout the state. 

This afternoon, USIU's tennis team 
hopes to put an end to the Triton's 
good fortune. The match is scheduled 
to begin at 4 :00. 

With any purchase over $20 

adldas~ ,~ ... ~ .. f!iJ 
NOW you can buy top quality athlet ic shoes and get a FREE 
RESOLE. Choose from all the popular styles and makes . 
ADIDAS, NIKE, BROOKS, NEW BALANCE. K·SWISS. 
TRETORN . TIGER . 

WHILE - U - WAIT RESOLING SERVICE 

_Celll_LR 
Qualitv Athletic Shoes 

NOW OPEN SUNDAYS 11 AM 10 5 PM 
494' A CI.r,mont Dr. 273-0773 

(North Clairemont Square) 

WE RESOLE 
EVERY MAKE 

OF TENNIS AND 
RUNNING SHOE 

WITH FACTORY 
ORIGINALS 
ONLY $10.95 

FREE RESOLES NOT AVAIL.ABlE ON SALE SHOES. CL.EATS OR SPIKES. 

tritun times 

Triton Track 
Team Trounces 
TiJuana Tech 

The UCSD Track team won its 
second straight outdoor meet of the 
season on Saturday against 
Tijuana Tech. The Tritons looked 
very impressive in the early 
season encounter, as they took first 
place in every event and swept two 
others. The final score was 85-29. 

Among the winners for UCSD 
was Kevin Morning with a ten flat 
clocking in the hundred. Morning 
had run a 9 _7 hundred in the Tritons 
victory over Azusa Pacific last 
Monday to give him the best mark 
in the conference so far. 

The Tritons looked very solid in 
the field events. Lane Farmer, 
Rich Peter bridge, Robert Ricassa 
and Dan McGiveny all recorded 
victories. Farmer eased his way to 
a 6'2" leap in the high jump, and 
will be a sure bet to go higher in 
later meets . Ricassa also a winner 
in the 220 yd dash, jumped only 
20'10/.1" to win the long jwnp. A 

s~rong wind hindered Ricassa's 
effort and was responsible for 
many other sub-par performances. 

In the mile run, sophomore Tim 
Helms turned in the race of the day 
by hitting the tape with a 4:30 
clocking. Helms took the lead in 
the third lap and then put on a 
strong kick to hold off the Mexican 
runner. Triton newcomer, Mark 
Staniforth took third place. 

The three mile was won by Kevin 
Young while Alan Bernath took 
second. Young ran the race in 16 
minutes and 12 seconds but paid 
dearly for the victory. He wound up 
with severe blisters that will keep 
hin1 out of training for an indefinite 
period of time. 

In the half mile, John Sabin led a 
Triton sweep of the event. Jon 
Halperin (2nd) and Joe Starvish 
(3rd) were the other Triton Run-
ners. Sabin also took second in the 
open quarter, while Frank Longo 
took first. 

The fact that the Tritons won the 
meet w~ down played by the good 
feelings of friendship that 
prevailed the encounter. A case in 
point was hurdler Lane 
Freestone, who ran a very fast 15.2 
in the 120 yd high hurdles. 
Freestone was surrounded by a • 
large group of Mexican teenagers . 
throughout the meet and seemed to 
symbolize what the meet was 
really .about; enjoying our friends 
across the border. 

The Spikers travel to Cal 
Lutheran College for the Kingsman 
Relays on Saturday. The Tritons 
are a favorite to win the meet . 

-Jon Halperin 

BYTE 
SHDP 
rh.AHorda&'. 
Computer Store 

B2~0 . H VICKE .. S ST . 
SAN DIEGO, CA 92' 11 

(714) 565-6006 

••••••••••••••••• f •••••••••••••• 

~COMMUNITY; 
~LOODBANK~ 
. 

• 983 India 
327 F Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for Service 

Mon. - Fri . 
233-5481 
234-4601 

. 
........•................ ....... 

ALL f\ECORDS & TAPES $.;...1.....;;.. _ II 

OCEAN BBACD 

CHULA VISTA ~~~ SAN DIEGO 
V~ yd ·U2-9UI {Ih l, F,1. ~3<)-'l'l."< \ 

ARCAU'-
JfIIUSIC. c.\\ 

" 

STEVE WOLF & JIM RISSMILLER 
IN COOR O~ WITH KCBQ ANNOUNCE •.. 

NILS LOFGREN 
EXTRA ADDED ATTRACTION 

STARCASTLE 
SUNDAY MARCH 13 

sroa'I'IA· .... ... 
All SI.ts res.rved ,1.75, 5.75, 4.75 (Includes p.,tlin&) 
Tlctl,ts Aw.iI." .t All 1111 COltIIIIl,'. MtII'. Storts, 

All Ar,n. Tlelltt AatflClts, Sports ArtNI nc •• 1 Offlc • • 
for InfOrlllltlon c.1I 224-4171. 

--- _ .. 



..... Friday, Mardi 11, 1m 

~TTENTION 
\ UCSD 

IT ClAssifiEds 
EMPLOYEES 

BUY AT WHOLESALE PRICE + 5% 
Emloyees of the Unillersity of Californ ia, San Diego and their 
spousexpore eligible to buy at the PRICE CLUB at WHOLESALE PRICE 
PLUS t PER CENT. Employee 10 required . 
Food, Appl iances, Housewares, Hardware, Sporting Goods, Film 
and Film Delleloping, Cameros, Candy, Tobacco, Automotille, Tires, 
Off ice Supplies, Janitor ial Suppl ies, Gardening, Health and Beauly, 
Pel Food, Stereo, Unfinished Furniture, Major Appl iances. 
Price Club Hours: 

Mon.-Fri. 12 noon-8:30 p .m. - Saturday 9:30a.m .-6 p .m . 

PRICE CLUB 
4805I1ORlNA BLVD., SAN DIEGO. CA 92117. (7.14) 275-1012 

YOUCANGO 
HOME_AGAIN 

PSA has more low fare California 
flights than any other airline. Call 
yOW" Campus Rep or 
PSA to make your I~-;lt' ;-== reservations. IIIfi;l 
WITHPSNS 
LOW AIR FARES. 

Europe. laraet. Orient , Australia , NY , ChI. 
eomulet1J student tnwel ~ter. AIST, 291 S. 
La Cienagll BI. ItOl B.-Iy Hi lls. 213 /657-
2727 (6 /12) 
1I0oI< no .. - book on campus! 
Europe, HawaII ' AustraNa 
Charter fl ights 
CIEE student TraYe! Servlcn 
Open weekclays I -5 pm 452-0630 

Book Now On Campual 
Charter fllghta to Europe 

Hawai i and AullraUa 
CIEE Sludent T ..... Servic .. 

()pM Weel<days I 2-4 pm 452-0630 

PERSONAls 
There's over 57" of new snowl UC spring sk i 
fesl- lili s. lodg ing . trans .. & parties-$167.95 
al lhe 00' ofl lce (3/1 1) 
New definition of ASUCSO: A ll Students 
Under Control 01 A Semi- Dictalorshlp (3/1 1) 

Found-oldis tagnant , non-dynamic form of 
student go""",ment : answers to ASUCSO 
(3/1 1 ) 
Typing IBM selectric . Theses. term papers. 
etc. 452-1588 evenln05. (6 /6) 

Have )'00 -. In lhe Merchant Mari ... or on 
a crul .. Inlp .. orttlna? PI_ call Eva 4J6. 
49<l4 . (4/4) 
To the Qlrllrom IPANEMA WE WillE GOING 
TO GtVE YOU Brazilian nUls lor your Bo.y 
bUI .. m couldn~ come 

, We ~no .. you'll enjoy your binhday preeentl 
micro because It' a better to recei .. IlIIIn al ... 
right? 

RII< snorts werts . 

IS It true blonds l1li .. more wertam 

Happy 22nd birthday Llzbethl May you 
alwaya haYe lond memorie. 01 your perwrse 
roommaln. Love. Laurel and Ronnie 

RI Hood I hope I ClWl be la good a Irlend 10 
you as you Ire to me. Merry 21 at unblnhdeyl 
SeaCheryl 

Andy find Inspeclor Clou!leau In lower left 
Drake at 5:30' pm Friday Love Venus 

4th Guy walchers- C. &0. - Can You HELP 
our swetllng or .e you cau sing It . Take 2 
aspirin before bed. Dr. S. 

4th Glrla- desperale surfer .-Ia female help 
to get rid 01 swetllno- call 453-0725 

Tile GNat Haircut Place lias c. 
o 

Drop ill for a fRE£ PERSOitJj ~~ . 
~~~ 

9443 La JoIa Blvd ~ _ 
454-3038 ~ .. 
Men & women -- we specialize in haircutti~ My __ ~ CID 

IN>OIl>lll>1rlSN>OO !)N>I1!}' ~ ~~"" 

WhilelR free. 

Chris IA.blsh , 
Engineering 
"It's bor ng to read the way 
most people are taught. 
This wa!l. you look at a 
page of print- you see the 
whole p~ge . It·s great'" 

John Futch, 
Law Student 
"With 60 briefs a week. 
the average student takes 
all week to prepare for 
class. In an evening. 
I'm finished:' 

Jim Creighton, 
Student 
"It's easy. Once you 
know how to do it, it's 
super easy'" 

J eni Malara, 
Stude nt 
"I had C's in high school. After 
Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics. , 
I was able to maintain an A average:' 

Richard St. Laurent, 
Teacher 
"I was skeptical, but now I'm 
reading around 2300 words a 
minute. Puts you that much 
ahead of everyone else:' 

It' ll make homework a lot caJier this year. In fact, you can cut your study time almost 
~ n half. with the copyrighted techniques you learn in one free lesson. We'll give you the 
Incredl~le secrets to easy speed reading, better concentration and greater comprehension. 
Taught In more than 300 cities throughout the U.S. It's easy. It's fun . It works. 

Increase your readl .. speed _ .lICh as 100%1 
Mission Valle, 

Master Host Inn 
950 Hotel Circle 

North rM 

Chula Vista 
Royal Inn 

620 East St. 
Oceanside 

Bridle Motor Inn 
1103 North Hill 

~ EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS 
®Coovnoh' t 18 EvelYn Wooa A "'''<1 DvM""" 

Explore your PAST UVES with Pa .. Lives 
Regression Sem ln.r. Meditation 
Reg ... alon. Introductory talk, Friday. 
Monday lWld Frldlly. March It , 14, 18. 7:30 
pm AI 21116 Front SI. San Oleoo. Coat 52 .00 
for Info. call 23t -0517. 

Our loyal subjects: Th-. for the VG'. , 
Affecllonalely, lhe ,kook. q...., lWld her 
crummy cohort . 

Hairy l houlde .. DorI't get benld whh me yet. 
I w .. na be around long enough to _ your 

hairy bac~. "m looking torward 10 It. Your 
young and naive co-loVOIker. 

Ful"'r BruM Senllce Is no ...... ellable on 
campua. Cal, Phillip al 276-1887 for an 
appointment 

Will rent back siolen typewriter from thief . , 
don't want to chang. the type SIt olthe O.J . 

Erin Marla Francesea Diaco bud: SHAKE 
YOUR l OOTY-YOU SEXY THINOI! 

Looks a la mutual. Limelight . Pass the ball. 

To the olher LAR may I .ugge .. you adopt a 
more original code name? Initials are con-
tagiOUS from LIIIR 1 

Erin Marla !'rancasca Beat me - I love It Get 
Down Get Down Get down tonlte one hour. 

Erin Marla Franoesca-Dlsco Bull-Alwaya I ' ll 
be bli nded by your IIghl - your drea..-aver 

Would like rid ... to share "'pen .. a/drille 10 
Tennessee, leaving March 32 . Call 271-4300 
ext. 352 before March 20, thereafter send 
name and number to O. Sharp, 10455 
PomeradO Rd. S.D. 92131 

Woman / person 01 many textures. I showed 
you they ex ist. We louched them all. There 
are no frig id women , only Inconsiderate 
lovers. Left betore u had awoken, didn't need 
to say good-bye. The note. U know the 
message. Leave your window open , lonlghts 
the -nlghl Arem Con/Gypsy Moth-attracted 
to your light. 

To visllor CEK from MP - A very happy bir-
thday ! I don' t care If you are an old man-
you're heie.-Jen 

Irene - A birthday wish - may you never have 
to s1udy synta. again. Happy B-day. and 
wash the red off! -I N 

IIz- the only Ihlng Ihat Is se.ler Ihan your 
pan lies Is your body. You titllate my id. 
Happy BO LP 

Laurel - Happy B.D. 20 weeks and two days 
early Best wishes. LP P.S . You are Hot! 

To the gourmets of 0-4- we 'd love to come to 
dinner. Shall we bring a hammer and chisel? 
R-7 

Found: Old s lagnanl, non-dynamic form of 
siudeni government: anSwers 10 ASUCS D 

New definition of ASUCSO: All Siudents 
Under ContrOl of a Sem~O'ctatorshlp 

ItOUSiNG 
F grad sludent 10 share PI. Loma condo. $150 
& Vz utilities . Avalalble 4/15 /77, ca ll Pam 
270-9888 or 238-1885 8.t. 491 (3/16) 
Commulers! Mu ir Api . co ntracl avail Spring 
quarter $120lmonth incl . utilities. Call 
Lauren 453-7363. 
Female roommate needed for house In the 
country. Dogs. Garden , Pool. Horses Call 
Marty After 6. 756-3550 . 

Roommate wanted - own room. 1 m,le from 
school. S"Ocall Dirk 453-151 5, AlienO pm 

Female roommate needed to share 3 bdr", 
Cardlll duplex . Stu d ent non-smoker 
preferred , S90 / me call 4JO.341 II 

Roommate wanled to share 3 bdrm house on 
beach fronl In M.B. S95 /mo & '/.0 ullt. Call 
eve. 488-8227 - David. 

Needed : fem rmmle spg q t r share rm In lurn 2 
bdrm Del Mar apt. aero.. slreet beach 
$82.50. 755-7781 

CommulOfsl Live on-campus . Muir ap t. for 
spring Quarter avail. $1 20/ mo. utl l. Incl. Call 
Lauren 453-1 363 

CLAYBLAXER 
AND HIS TEXA8 

HONKY TONK BAND 
Opeas FrIday Nil ilt at 

FrIday, Marda 11, 1m triton times Page 7 

AtHL .. .... - U.C San lIego campus Program Board presents 

Collages Shine in "Star Time" ' 4 
By Debbie Schwartz 

StaU Wrtter 

Start with a PlaybOy magazine 
and a sex-aids catalogue_ Put them 
in a large pot! add a pinch of dildo, 
a touch of jwcy underwear and a 
sprinkle of condoms. And you come 
up with a savory gourmet stew 
that 'll tingle the sexual taste buds 
and satisfy the heartiest appetite. 
The name of this delicacy? 
"Sexpot. " 

"Sexpot" is actually one of many 
collages .on display at The Other 
Gallery this week. The exhibit is 
the work of a UCSD collage class 
taught by Alexis Smith, whose 
work was presented last quarter at 
the Mandeville Gallery in a show 
titled "Star Time_" 

Seventeen magazine for all 
adolescent females to aspire 
toward. Picture-stories of Glen 
Campbell's rise to fame are ef-
fectively organized to describe his 

piece. And, Mr . Whipple certainly 
would not a pprove of the type of 
toilet pa per that one of our fellow 
students used. 

Most of the works are humorous 

RONNIE LAWS ANd PRESSURE Many of the works are visual 
Interpretations of popular idioms. 
"Good Things Come in Small 
Packages" is composed of a 
miniature toilet in a small velvet 
box. "Habit" is spelled out In 
cigarette butts and "Headache" is 
written in aspirins. 

" You can 'l have your cake and e.al it 10 0 . " 

March 13, 8:00pm 
UCSD Gym 

UCSD 51. $3 .50 
G A. $4.50 

TICkets : UCSD Box office and 
all T .cke'ron OUllets. 452-4559 

Some of the works deal with 
images projected by people or 
things. " Portrait of a Pretty Girl" 
presents an interesti ng 
arrangement of facial features 
that should be published in 

Concert Scene 

popular image. 
other ideas are more physically 

e.Jpressed, such as a model air-
plane disguised as a bird (or vice 
versa.) The visual connection 
tietween rusted cans and decaying 
bones also makes an interesting 

merica Smiles on US Agai 
Jazz saxophonist extraordinaire Ronnie Laws and his band Pressure 

will perform this Sanday at 8 pm in the main gym. 
America returns to the San Diego Sports Arena tonight at 7:30. Their 

tour coincides with the release of their Har bor LP, which was recorded 
on the ga rden isle o( Kauai. 

A genuine rock extravaganza takes place Sunday at the Sports Arena 
with Boston and special guests Nils Lofgren and Star Castle. Boston is 
perhaps the best example o( the rags-to-riches phenomena in rock, with 
their first LP Boston having gone platinum_ The LP includes the hit 
singles " More Than A Feeling" and "Long Time." Nils Lofgren, one of 
rock's foremost guitarists, has a new release with I came To Dance. 
Showtime is 7: 30 pm. 

Phoebe Snow will be performing at the girls gym, SDSU, a t 8 pm this 
Sunday. 

Genesis will be at the Sports Arena at 7:30 pm on March 27. 
Gentle Giant with special guests Renaissance return to Golden Hall on 

March 30 at 8 pm. 
Return to Forever, featuring Chick Corea and Stanley Clarke, will 

perform at the Civic Theater on Tuesday, April 5 at 8 pm. 

EI ection BI ues._ 
Continued from Page 8 

Apathy _ Apathy. Apathy. Apathy . Apathy. Apathy. Apathy. 
Only «4 undergrads and 19 grads voted on Wednesday. Sorry, Andy. 

The votes were delivered to the computer center, no word , naturauy, 
on how things are shaping up. An informal Triton Times Old Pro 
survey showed the ASUCSD and Cabinet-Assembly going neck and 
neck. A very informal survey. 

And so I (elt a little depressed. A very little depressed. The sun was 
shining. But none the less I empathized with Diogenes and his long 
search for an honest man. No way. The light just couldn't find such a 
shape, such a person. It's the same for the UCSD referendum. Not to 
be found . My quest is over. 

Vote. Today's your last day . 

Debate ... 
Continued from Page 1 

cabinet Assembly Model 
Mark Sindler, author of the 

Cabinet-Assembly model and 
chairperson of the Muir College 
Council, spoke in bebaH of his 
proposed government. He agreed 
with Speck's criticisms of the 
present system, stating " It 's all 
true." 

Viewing the Coop as "a travesty 
of govenunent;" Slndler saw his 
own model as a combination of the 
more effective elements of both the 
Coop and ASUaiO. "I think 
they're both valid. To combine 
them, which I have done In this 
model, I think It (the government) 
would work." 

In summation of the general 
atmosphere of referendum ac-
tivities on the UCSD campus, 
Slndler stated " Yes, there is 
student apathy on this campus. We 

~1t know It by l()l'lr '-" .w md the 

room and seeing how m~ny people 
showed up tonlght_" 

Mark Fingerman, spoke last on 
behalf of the Coop. He began by 
immediately attacking Speck's 
position. "People got rid of the AS 
because it was a perversion of 
ideals, and corruption on a very 
moral level." Looking back to the 
1974-75 formation of the Coop, he 
noted that "we were trying to be a 
union of students." However, 
acceptsnce was not an easy thing 
because " the Coop Is of an Ideology 
that we are not used to In America_ 
It begins with the society as a 
whole and works toward the in-
dividual. " 

He also stressed that ," the Coop 
tries to be an umbrella group for 
those who are alr eady alert 
IX'lItically , and prompts others to 
become aware ." 

Voting closes l 81 pm today. 

and express some valid satire. 
Their charm can only be ex-
perienced by seeing them. 

And, after you've relished the 
savory stew, you may want to take 
a "Roll in the Hay" as another of 
our aspiring artists has done. 

Erickson 
In Tribute 

The UCSD Music Department 
pays tribute to composer Robert 
Erickson with a concert of his 
music on the occasion of his GOth 
birthday, Sunday, March 20, at 8 
pm in the Mandeville Recital Hall . 

Erickson has become in-
ternationally known and ac-
claimed both as a composer and 
writer about music. The engaging 
musical qualities of his creative 
work stem from a cultured and 
refined intuition allied to an im-
pressive technical skill. This has 
resulted in a musical output which 
is as varied and wide-ranging as it 
is personal and dist inctive. 
Erickson's musical ideas thus find 
and promote correspondence in all 
attentive listeners_ 

.... ______ For information call 452-4559 

---------_. 

Bananas 
Friday March 11 
USB 2722 
7:00 and 9:00 PM 
$1 .25 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Would you be'/ieve I 
Howard Cose/l Iyes 1. I 
4,000 ham on ryes land I one with mustardl , a Latin I 

I Americarl junte , and I 
I Start the ~~~~i..E/ Presidente, he 's I 
I I 
I Revolution GENE WILDER I 
I out of "The Producers" I 
I w ithout me DONALD SUTHERlAND I I fresh from "M.A.SH " I 
I and I 
I "' I 
I Tom Jones I 
I I I Saturday March 12 I 

USB 2772 I I 7:00 PM (STRWM ) and IPGI I I 9:30 PM'(TJ) I $1 . 00 T£CHNm.~ ~ byWARNER BROS. I 
. I 

1 ______ --------------_. 

Sunday's program includes the 
composer's Ricercal' for trombone 
and tape, composed for trombonist 
Stuart Dempster-5 Dempsters in 
fact, with prerecorded tape-it 
explores the variety of nuance and 
wide expressive range of the it ~* '* it* ~ 
trombone. On hand to demonstrate ···• .. ~11 oa1\C~o" at ~"~1 ~ 
hi' mre ability to pl,y ab. ,n' ~ vOut aSS .~~:£~ ~* 
contrabass trombones will be * 7 ~.DilI;:,r~ JIll 
Stuart Dempster himself. .. e..1IaQ.- . 
------.. -S~. ExplOSIon .. 

# -te OV;co ~ ~ Regent.. 
Continued from Page 1 

claimed. 
No UC Regulation 

At Martinez ' confirmation 
hearing before the Senate Rules 
Conunittee last month , Stull asked 
her about her position on the 
campus bicycle shops. $tull in-
terpreted her reply to mean she 
favors them and opposes the free 
enterprise system. 

James Mills (D-San Diego) said 
Martinez had appeared surpnsea 
by Stull's question and unaware <If 
the details of the controversy. She 
had agreed generally that on-
campus businesses for UC people 
should be permitted he said. 

(Martinez could not be reached 
for comment on Ute bicycle-shop 
controversy. ) 

COPIES 
311. C No '/2 M Ir1lrlll' rn 

I ',e,', 1 ;> R()'l'rr,1n~ ~'14 1 ]23 
,)IR8 CnllPRI' ,\ve 281 618~ 

-te .. 
.. .. 

£ i t We featur top recording artists t 
-te m di co con 'ert Monday rhru ~ 
" L in h t how .. 
.. ~ .. t Dance on 10' TV ~ t You must be twenty one or older ... 
-teLadies Free unday TJtru Thursdayt 

t Present your UC V or VSU t t ID for a Nickel Beer t 
t 1051 niversit.r ve. .. ~ cro from ear, ill Hillcrest ! 

*******************~ 



..... 

on 
"The Power 0/ 

Non-Resistance' , 

This Sunday 1 0:45am 
715 SR,.,., 

leJ,. 

PRE-
DENTS 
EVEN THE TOOTH 

FAIRY NEEDS HELPI 

BLOW 

Christ Died 
~ for You 
~You don 't really expect ma 
~o believe thoU?" 

~ Trident Christian 
Fellowship Booktable 

M-Th 11-1 
in front of Main Gym 
~ .......................................... ...... 

The D .A .T . Review Seminar offers a 
comprehensive 41/2 day cour se on 
consecutive weekends , designed to 
raise your D .A .T . score . M edian 
scores reported by our students are 
over 6 for Academic A verage and 
over 7 for PMAT . For information 
and enrollment materials for our 
courses in Los Angeles and San 
Diego call : (Q13) 886-4468, or 
write : D .A .T . Reveiw Seminar, 
9801 Balboa Blvd. Northridge, 
Calif. 91325 

YOUR MIND 
WITHOUT 
BlOVVlNG YOUR 
MONEY. 

OFFER 

1 

2 

3 

4 

'OJ ASKED FOR IT 'rOU GOf IT 5 
6 

I rIW.IIIIUI'S 

MORE ClASsifiEds 
Babyslttlnll needed by UCSD faculty 
member. On campus or at my home M, W, F 
2:30-4 , 755-2270 (3/11) 

Tenaya dorm contract for sale first floor 
mens suite single room starting spring call 
Artie 452-6587 

Phone sollcllO(s needed for company In-
volved In energy conservation. Excellent 
pay Steady work. Call Ms. Andrews 292-
0478 

Mellow female , 28. needs quiet responsible 
roommate Big house own room . TM'rs 
welcome Come by Sunday. Mar 13, 746 
Ocean I,,~t Rd . Cardiff. 12-6 pm $150 
month. Available now 

Need 1 0( 2 roommates for house on 25th In 
Del Mar. Rent $95 Prefer 2 to take doubte 
but lIe.lble. 755·0927 

Subjects over 25 wanted fO( paid EEG 
studies. Please call 452-3797. 

Would like rider to share expenses/drtve to 
Tennessee, leaving March 31 . Call 271·4300 
ext 352 before March 20 

Want to find out how healthy Is UCSD? 
Part icipate in the health attitude survey now. 

Roommate needed for house on beachfront , 
M B Serene atmosphere, 595/ V. utll per mo Reliable La JOllan w /car, familiar w/LJ . 
David eves 4:8&-8227 Fuller Brush merchandise wanted fO( 

deliveries. Refs. Regd. 276-7687. 
1 male needed to share 3 bdrm condo 2 miles 
from campus own room pool tenn is 5125, 
453-0057 

Wanted : Foxy blond man into jazz to make 
music with beautiful woman. Call Diminutive 
Wonder at 452-1467 . 

Room available In Muir apts $300 for spring 
quarter, Debbie 452·0765 

WANTEd 
Need housemate April. Huge master BDAM 
in lovely LJ apt nr UCSD or 2 can share call 
Erica 453· t 675 (3 /11) . 

I NEED A MOPED I want to buy a used 
vespa, ciao, or other moped In good condo 
Call Jeff . 459-7579. 

Volunteer sublects needed for micro reflex 
study. "you can spare about 45 minutes th is 
quarter, spring break or next quarter, your 
help will be appreciated. Call Dart; 755-6295. 
If not In, please leave phone number. Need extra cash? Paying Top Dollar lor U.S. 

silver coins before 1965, and pennies before 
1959 Ken 755-7371 (3/21) 
URS 151 , social aspects of black · 
identi'ty , is presenting a videotaped 
showing and d iscussion of Roots 
daily at 3 :30 in Student Center 
Bu ild ing B thru March 15. (3/ 11) 

Wanted : Twelve diSCiples (semites pref.) To 
be f ishers of men. Poles provided . Andy 

Christ , ext. TOR SAlE 
Preamp & tuner Dyna pas--3X clean sound, 
mint $135 . FM-5 also mint 5150 /offer. 453-
B896 Tim (3111) 

Save from $5 to $12.50 a person to the exciting Long 
Beach Grand Prix weekend. Start your Easter Vacation 
off in grand style. At the 4th leg of the World Champion-
ship of Race Car Driving. April 1, 2 and 3. 

Experience it all-the glamour, celebrities, Sights, 
sounds-with fabulous, exclusive discount offers from 
your participating Toyota dealer. 

Six different offers. Each one featuring the big 
Formula 1 event on Sunday. 
And more. Time Trial General Admission tickets. 
Good for Friday and Saturday. With any discount offer 
you choose . To see the Toyota Pro/Am Celebrity Practice 
Events. Formula 1 qualifying. Motorcycle qualifying. 
Motorcycle Grand Prix. 10,000 meter foot race. And a 

gigantic f ireworks display. 
And more. Free. 
But supplies are limited. A 17~ x 24 inch Grand 
Prix race poster. A Long Beach Grand Prix Guide. 

And a quality Toyota Grand Prix race visor. (No 
purchase necessary.) It's all at your Toyota dealer 
when you pick up your discount ticket order form . 

. And so is this. 
The Celica GT Liftback - Official Pace Car of the 

Long Beach Grand Prix. Chosen for the second 
consecutive year. An honor that speaks for itself. 

See it close-up at your Toyota dealer. You 'll find 
there 's a little bit of the Grand Prix in every Celica. 

EXCLUSIVE SAVINGS 
AT YOUR PARTICIPATING TOYOTA DEALER NOW. 

REG BOX 
YOUR COST OFFICE COST SAVE INCLUDES 

Aaceday General AdmiSSion 
$3500 $4750 $1 250 TlmeTrlals General AdmiSSion Raceday $25 Res Grandstand Seal 

Formula I GarageTour Pass 
Aaceday General Admission 

$2650 $3750 $1100 Time Trials General Admission 
Aaceday $15 Res. Grandstand Seat 
Formula I GarageTourPass 
Aaceday General Admission 

$2250 $3250 $1000 Time Trials General Admission 
Raceday $10 Res Grandstand Seat 
Formula I Garaae Tour Pass 
Aaceday General AdmiSSion 

$1800 $2750 S 950 Time Trials General AdmiSSion 
Raceday $5 Res Grandsland Seat 
Formula I Garage Tour Pass 

$1450 $2250 $BOO Aaceday General AdmiSSion Time Trials General AdmiSSion 
Formula I Garage Tour Pass 

$1 000 $1500 $ 500 Raceday General AdmiSSion Time Trials General AdmiSSion 

. 

TOYOTA For chOice seal selecllons by mall . send In your Toyota dealer's discount tlckel order form no laler than March 22 Or take the order form and pick up yourllcketsal the Long Beach Grand PriX Box Offlceatthe Long Beach Arena 

FrIday, March 11. 1177 

Ski boots· Lanqc Phantoms Size tO I,·M 
Bl.ond n('w Worth $160 sell for $80 call 755-
4;>~,q all 6 p on (3/111 
4 sale Plorteer stereo SA81()() amp. 4(JW /ch 
TX8100 tuner $350.00 call Karen evenings 
452-9263 

Jethro Tull tickets--great .seats In center loge. 
51 2. 453-1229. 

1970 VW Pop-top camper, excel , cond, 
$2550, ph. 452-1796. 

70 Opel Kadett Rally 4 speed, runs good, 
must sell. 5650, 453-9398 evenings . 

For sale. Yamaha 125 Enduro 3500 miles, 
$350 & Yamaha sleef string guitar 580 , 459-
6284 evenings. 

Snow chains. fits most large passenger cars 
$9, want chains for tire 195-14, eves 43&-
2822 

Receiver, Sherwood 7100A, 22 wtts x 2 at 8 
OHM 1 KHz PowerRMS595 . Dyana453-2114 . 

Honda 1972 CBSOO/4 excellent cond., 
rack , sissy bar, 011 cooler konl shocks, 
custom paint , $875, 453-9053 
For Sale Auto NikkO( Lenses 35mm f 2.8 Auto 
Ic & 135mm f .2.8 Auto both In excellent 
condo Call Tom 455-0253 (3/11) 

BMW 74 , 2002111 Bldstn sprts shks . Mlch 
XAS good cond o 10 mil . 55500, 27(}'3121 

Beds! exlnt. cond dbl. matt, sprg; twn sprg ; 
twin frames, wood cabinet head & foot 

boards . Janet4~ . 

Ouall ty sofa, Blue velvet , 8' x 3', fantast ic 
condit ion, must sell. Janet ,453-0383 -

Ladys while lambskin coat thickly lined with 
lambs wool . For sport or dress. After ski 
coat. Eves 755-7164 . 

Lady mise: blue suede boots size 9, ski 
sweater, formal and semf formal size 9, 
Ebonlte bolwlng ball and bag 755-7164 

• SERVICE 
To girl with brwn Hair, short-sleeve blue 
denim pantsuit in 5 and d ime on 3 /3--your 
beauty Is not unadmlred. 

ANNotJNCEMENTS 
Applications are now being faken 
for the linda Ronsfadt "That ' ll Be 
the Day" fan dub. Meetings will be 
scheduled for. the 10th of every 
monlh, in linda's Malibu home. 
Transportofion will be prOVided . 
Turn in your application now. 

Interested in becoming a eunuch? 
Open i ngs avadable now for 
positions in harems. Contact Ron 
Anbar in the Trifon Times office . 

Election Blues ..... 
Continued from Page 7 

Center. Sue Stanfield, co-chair 
of the Student Cooperative 
Union, walks over and talks to 
Sam and me in the back of the 
cart. Samson growls at her. She 
says, "I'm not jwnping in this 
goddam cart ... That's okay. I 
.find another female named Ace. 
Sam doesn't even growl. 

"Fly, fly," we say and we do. 
Through the sprinklers, over 
the river and through the woods 
to Muir.O'Brien only stalls the 
cart six times. 

Continued on Page 3 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

IICaT Over 35 yea,. " I of experience 
DaT end success "I Small Cla_s lSAT Voluminous home BRE study materials 

Courses that "e AmSB constantly updated 
DCAT 
CPAT 

rape facit ities for 
reviews of class 
feuons and for use 
of supplementary 
materials 

FLEX Make-ups for ECFMG mi)Md leuons 
MArl.EDBDS 

SAT - VAT 
SAN DIEGO CENTER 

2180 Garnet, Pacific Beech 92109 

Phone 714·270·~ 
~ . 

EDUCATIONAL 
CEIIITER 

Branch_ in major us citi .. 
and Switzerland 


