
" Rape Awareness Week Opens 

I's Rape a Boost to Manhood? 
by Kim Krasne 

Staff Writer 

"Is a society tl)at promotes 
people feeUng good at the expense 
of others a healthy one?" 

Freada Klein; noted authority on 
rape, raised this and ' other 
questions with her Rape Culture 
Program Monday n1g)a at Revelle 
Cafeteria. 

Klein's lecture opened Rape 
Awareness Week at UCSD by 
examining our social system 
tbrougb the crime of rape and 
creating the awareness that r8pe 

does occur and can involve anyone, 
female and male. . 

"A society like ours defines 
manhood as 'making it' 
economically, and then does not 
provide the means," Klein told the 
audience of 300. "After losing a job 
or a raise in pay, or after some son 
of failure, rape is the quickest "ay 
for men 'to regain their manhood. 
Man have access to women to boost 
themselves. 

"Ninety.five per cent oi men in 
prison for rape were fOWld to be 
sexually and psychologically 
_rmal," she continued. "Contrary 

Reverse Discrimination: 
Co~stitutionality Debated 

by JeflSereuea 

(CPS) -In the upcoming year it appears the u.s. Supreme Court · 
will fIDa1ly be forced to rule on the controversial issue of reverse 
discrimlDatloa - a move that could halt many affirmative action 
hiring and admIIIions practices. 

to popular myth, rape is not a 
pervert jumping from the 
bushes ... rape is more normal" 

Book Consultant 
Klein, who served as consultant 

for the "Rape" chapter of the best-
selling book, Our Bodies, Our-
selves, pointed out some startling 
statistics: . • 

"Sixty to 75 per cent of all rapes 
are premeditated; that is, the 
victim and place have been 'picked 
out.' Fifty per cent at. rapes occur 
indoors. Fifty.four ~ cent of the 
assaUants are known by the vic-
tims, and 11 per cent are actual 
acquaintances. Ninety per cent at. 
rapes are intraracial, while 10 per 
cent of the rapists are mtnied 
with regular se:t Uves. Over 60 per 
cent are men under 25. Twenty-five 
per cent of rapes are "gang rapes" 
- although· "geg rapes" are en-
tered in the booU as one case for 
rape. 
'"\'Hetween .1930 am 1970 there 

were 455 executions for rape. 405 of 
the executed were black men ... 
Rape happens to one out of twenty 
women, but only two per cent of 
rapists are convicted. 

"Rape laws require more 
evtc:tence than any other crime 
except for treason. New Yor~ Wltil 

CUDunliea on Page I 

WedDelday,.JaJnIary 11, 1JT7 

UCSD Research Funds 
Slashed by Brown 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

Gov. Brown's recently released 
budget proposal for fiscal year 
1977-78 "does not address itself to 
the improvement of the quality of 
education," according to Paul 
Saltman, Vice-chancellor of 
Academic Affairs. 

However, Chancellor McElroy 
says, " It could 1)ave been worse." 

The $703.3 m1llion UC budget 
represents a $46.5 million increase 
over this year's allocations. A 

f 

I 
Gou . Jerry Brown 

variety of physical improvements, 
totalling $1 million, were proposed 
by Brown for UCSD. FWlding for 
the. c0n:tpletion of Third College, 
Urut II is only the most publicized 
UCSD project fWlded by Brown. 

In addition, $667,000 was 
designated ' for the correction of 
"code deficiencies in connection 
with elevators and chemical 
carcinogen work areas in state 
funded facilities," according to the 
report. Another $144,000 was 
assigned to the building of an 
Wlderground fuel storage facility, 
capable of holding 100,000 gallons, 
on Matthews Campus. 

No Money for Research 
No money was designated for the 

Marine Sciences at Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, nor 
for any other type at. research in 
the University. Says Saltman, 
"The budget does not recognize our 
role as an important researcb 
source." 

In the area of health sciences, 
the University Hospital has been 
allocated $2,~18,OOO for renovation, 
construction and the relocation of 
the nuclear medicine department. 

Anton Witte, Director of Capital 
Budget and Space Management, 

ConUnued on Page It 

Revene clilcrtmination - bias against white males as a result of 
programs geared fOr miDorttiesandwomen - has been charged in over 
a dOlen suits in the put few yelll'S. With stiffer competition for jobs 
and school adm'.'ons,. some white males ~ve argued that tbeir 
constitutional rights are violated when poUcies in hiring or education 
give preference to minorities. 

It's no secret that the Supreme Court hasn't been eager to take a 
stand on the dispute. In fact, the court has decUned to hear several 
such cases, or ruled on technicalities that avoided the key points. But 
appeala to the high court appear likely on several cases this year. 

As the issue has grown more heated, the legal status of reverse 
discrimination has become even more confusing. State supreme 
courts have lined up on opposite sides of the question. 

Thesis-Anti thesis Strive for -Same Goals 
From Different Definitions of Socialism 

Some justices have maintained that the Fourteenth Amendment, 
which bars racial discrimination, applies to white males as well as 
minority. groups. Others contend that because of past discrimination, 
resulting in a shortage of blacks and women in some jobs and colleges, 
affirmative action is a just tool for promoting equality. 

Although no one can be certain about how the U.S. Supreme Court 
will act, the recent conservative trend on the bench indiCates that 
reverse discrimination may be banned. 

Last year, the court ruled, in McDonalds vs. the Santa Fe Trail 
Transportation Company, that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 "is not 
limited to discrimination against any particular race." In that Texas 
case, the court said it was unfair to discharge white employees ac-
cused of a crime when blacks were not discharged also. 

However, the case most lIkely to settle the issue of reverse 
discrimination involves a student, Allan Bakke, who was denied ad-

Pa e8 

by Michael Tom 
Staff Writer 

"The . YOWlg Socialist Alliance 
(YSA ) is a nationwide 
revolutionary socialist youth 
organization ... dedicated to the 
building of a revolutionary 
movement which can lead the 
working people to socialism." -
excerpt from the YSA Constitution. 

"The Young Conservatives (YC) 
stand basically for the promotion 
of the ideas for the free market. 
Voluntary, rather than in-
voluntary, action for the m-
dividual." --Tom Tanana, 

Strong Santa Ana wInd. brought ~cord breaking temperature and Ideal surfing condItIons Monday . Slightly 
cooler weather I. In store for Southern Call/omfo. 

Chairperson YC. 
In an effort to gain insight into 

the philosophies of two of the 
leading student political 
organizations, the Triton Times 
recently interviewed the two 
chairpersons of the above 
organizations, Anthony Gonzales 
of the Young Socialists Alliance 
and Tom Tanana of the YOWlg 
Conservatives. 

Though the political philosophies 
of the two groups are basically the 
antithesis of one another, they both 
:::laim to be striving for "a better 
world." As might be expected, 
Iheir means for achieving this end 
are radically different. 

The Young Conservatives ad-
vocate a major reduction in the 
size and scope of power for both the 
state and national government. 
They believe that the government 
should only have the ;>ower to run a 
police force, a national defense, 
and to maintain a small legislative 
body. 

In contrast to this, the YSA feels 
tbat the present government 
should be changed so that the 
bureaucracy can be eliminated, 
thus allowing the nation to be run 
on a committee-like basis. 

Activities on Campus 
Both groups have been active on 

campus for the last several years. 
One of the main focuses of the YSA 
has been to bring well-known 
speakers to campus, and they are 
currently pialUling a series of 
programs to deal with "relevant" 
issues. The future programs will 
include discussions on such con-
cerns as "Women's Right to 
Abortion" and the "Plight of the 
Steel Worker's Union." They 
presently are helping with the 
current Rape Awareness Week. 

The Young Conservatives at 
UCSD are best noted for the 

publication of the Free Triton. 
However, it is not generally known 
that they were able to raise enough 
money to send a large number of 
members to the Republican 
Convention in 1976. 

The idea of how people should be 
governed is a point at which 
Gonzales and Tanana are at odds. 
Gonzales feels that "people should 
collectively govern themselves, 
with no bias on race, sex, or 
creed," while Tanana stresses 
"individual freedom," stating. that 
with this freedom man can achieve 
greater things and produce more. 

Perhaps, the difference between 
the two groups can best be seen by 
their definitions of "socialism." 
The YSA believes in what they call 
the "classic definition," which 
calls for a classless society free 
from prejudice. However, Gon-
zales admits that this can only 

Continued on Page 4 

No Petitions 
For Student 
Referendum 

As of Tuesday at noon, no 
petition9 for the upcoming student 
referendum had been submitted to 
the Student Center. 

Accor jing to Student Organi-
zations ;lecretary Sandy Sterling, 
no petit ons repre enting gover-
runental models or comprehensive 
questiolli for the referendum have 
, t:1I uLmh' J , dlttl\,U iJ "l ~J 
he i confident several petitions 

will be turned in before the week is 
out. 

The deadline for petitions is 
Friday. The referendwn bas been 
set by the UCSD Elections Board 
for the seventh week. 



..... 

, 

Opini~~ 
Hig Hopes For Carter 

by Ru Aabel' 
Opbdoa~ 

We've just entered 1977 and as always we look toward the future with 
hope for the better. And this year we have a man at the hebn who has the 
potential to lead us towards this goal. -

President Carter has it all in his hands. Governor Carter has shown III , 
what kind of man he is, not by his campaign rhetoric, but by his actions, 
as a private citizen. • 

James Earl Carter III will be sworn in as the 39th President of the 
'United States tomorrow only three years and forty days after,hIs ap-
pearance on the TV sh~w What's My LlDe, when NBC's Gene ShaUt 
concluded that Carter was a governor of one of the states, after seven 
wrong guesses. . 

A man who is able to rise from this sort of anonymity to the Presidency 
in this short a time, must be someone special. And Jimmy Carter is. 
-How many Americans could describe themselves as having, "always 
read three or four books each week, and it was easy and natural to rev.ise 
my reading list to encompass subjects relating more toward . fore'~n 
affairs, defense, and economics." Chalk one up for Carter: He IS an ~ 
telligent man ,who has a rare dedication towa~s any. goal he choo~. 

1"" •• 1 lin..,.. ........ ,. J..-y 1I.lt1T 

And then we have his climb to power: an amazing demonstration of 
how a calculating analysis of the political mood of.a coun.try can le~d ~ 
the ultimate success. Be it whether Carter figured It out hunself, or if his 

~isors were responsible for his ascent, the fact re~ins that Carter 
was at the core of his success. And when was the last tune a dark horse 
became President?· 

And then we have a man who admits amr recognizes.his faults. It may 
be that this was part I)f the campaign strategy, but nevertheless it means 
that the man has already accomplished the first step of correcting some 

. 'WfU,Q Jf;~? I WAS JUST 'l·UN\(IHb ... ~~ 1l(ANSl'flON IS 
(;(l\tt' 'so ~ W"'1' sro\\ •. · l-r ' 'tIl'rn MY INAUWf(.ATlON ~ I 

of his failings. The United States has not seen such a President in a 1000g 
time - and there are not many Americans today who are able to claim 
recognition of their failures to the same extent as OW' 39th President. Co m men ta ry 

As final proof of Carter's traits which should make him stand. al~g _ 

~!~:~~r~:SU~~i:~d~n&~~se~ntt~~:r~~~a~~::~:. c 'e1v'e Equal O· pportunelty to' W 'omen 
as reported by Time. Other 20th century Presidents In thIS same . 
category, according to Barber, are Franklin Roosevelt, Harry Truman, • 
and John F. Kennedy. As a contrast, Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon whelmingly against her. A good 
are rated as active-negative in character according to the energy they - ByMARKGARDNER example of this discrimination is 
Put into the job (passive or active) and their feelings about their . f . the 1'ob sl'tuat,'on of the female 

. 't' ) "Equal opportunity or women IS presidential experience (negabyeor posl Ive. .. , arba faculty in our colleges and 
But Carter has shown faults which shake our confidence In him. smart business," says B ra universities. . 

Starting with his ill-fated ethnic purity remarks, which he refused to Boyle, writer for the HBrvar:d . To begm' WI'th, our le";"lature, 
d he h ed his mind tin · 'th the Review. "It's smart because this ..... retract for three days an t n c ang ,con wng WI during the past ten years, has only 

Playboy interview· a wlitical move that cost him votes, . and ~n he largest minority (40% of the wo~ passed a couple of significant acts 
ahnost did lose the election· all this adds up to a man who IS sometimes force) is an abnost untappe to' help the working woman. The 

f b· d th t' ood • resource of talent and skills." too stubborn or IS own, an e coun ry s, g . first act, in 1963, stated that women We caMot expect womeJl to 

gathered by the United States 
Department of Commerce, states 
that in 1955, women's wages for the 
same work, were 63:9% ol men's 
wages. Sixteen years later in 1971, 
women's wages had lR'eraged 
59.5%. Also in the professional and 
technical fields, where educational 
background has to be equal, 
women were oo1y earning 66.7% as 
much as men. 

In the same way women in the Another indication of this stubbornness is Carter's nomination of 
Theodore Sorensen, who dropped out of consideration Monday, to the 
head of the CentrallnteUigence Agency. Last week's nomination ap-
pointed a man who has published classified government indormation and 
then returned it for a tall: deduction, to the post of CIA Director - a choice 
which is hardly going to be accepted happily by many Americans - so why 
is Carter making waves? 

cooperate, of course, when they must be paid equaUy - but equally 
are continually discouraged to what? The Equal Pay' Act was 
because of discrimination in op- -~------.::;;;::==;;;:z;:::;;;;~;;;;;;::::::;;;;::::::::-
po,rtunity and wages. Although the 
working woman has had help from 
our legislature, the statistics of job 
prejudice are still over-

Improved Education Not Minority Quotas 
Is Solution for Employment Imbalanc~ 

by MARK BRADLEY 

H you haven't yet, you will eventually run into the 
minority quota system currently in vogue. This . 
system, designed to give "equal opportunities" to all 
races, seems to me to have been designed in 
Dreamland. 

The system makes the bland assumption that all 
job applicants have equal abilities and intellect, and 
that the rejections are made primarily on the basis of 
the applicant's race. Companies are therefore 
pressured into hiring a specified number of personnel 
from each racial group, to preserve the "ethnic 
balance" in the company. 

I faU to distinguish the fine dHference between 
Jopping an applicant solely on the basis of race, and 
hiring him on that same basis. In most cases, the 
companies concerned look over the list of applicants, 
see if the minority quotas are filled and, if they are 
not, look for the applicant with the appropriate color 
or surname. 

The painful truth of the matter Is that many 
minority ; •. pplicants simply do not have the education 
or the sk i Js' to make them a success in the jobs they 
are appl) ill: for. The company feels obligated to fill 
the quota , though, and so the minority applicant gets 
the job. I 

One of the most vexing things about the system, 
however, is the fact Lhat not C"tm 1111 minorities are 

I 

treated alike. Orientals, for example, are allowed no 
special place in the quota, theoretically because they 
are "naturally harer-working, ambitious and in-
telligent." What, though, prevents the other 
minorities from.doing the same? 

Surely the Orientals are not naturally superior, so 
that possibility is out. A better break in op-
portunities? Until 1956, Oriental inunigrants could 
not become citizens, could not legally own land, and 
were herded into ghettGs. In 1942, all Japanese - not 
only immigrants, but American born Nisei as well -
were gathered up and thrown into concentration 
camps. Most lost everything they owned and had 
worked for. 

Obviously, better opportunities were not a factor:. 
There is one more possibility - education . . The 
Orientals put a great emphasis on education - In fact, 
a major portion of their income was devoted to it -
and encouraged their Nisei children to break the 
Chinatown-Little Tokyo mentality and go into the , 
world. 

As an alternative to-the quotas, then, I suggest a 
revamping of the admittedly Inadequate educational 
system through 12th grade. I would also like to see 
more adult education classes, both to increase skills 
and to show to minorities that education is not the 
white man's tool alone. This system would do far 
more good for the nation and the individual than an 
aura of artificial superiority imposed by a quota. 

l ' 

not very -specific, although under 
. it, a million dollars ol back wages 
were awarded to female em-
ployees of a company. 

'n1e second legislation was the 
Equal Opportunities Act of 1972 
(EEOA). It also proclaimed equal 
pay, but even bett4:r, EEDAstated 
equality for everyone in all em-
ployment practlces. In their in-
vestigations, the Equal 
Employment Council found a 
policy which forbid or restricted 
the employment of married women 
for reasons related to pregnancy 
and child birth. Even more 
shocking was the fact that many 
companies followed this policy or 
policies related to it. 

Even though our legislatUre has 
done its best to help women, 
statistics show that the women's 
problems are getting worse. Data 

-----_.- -" 

~.L~ - I 
educational field provide an ex-
cellent eumple ol wage and job 
dlscriminlltion. On the average, 
colleges and universities hire 
about one third as mBI1J WOOIt!IJ as 
men. Also, on the average, men 
have a salary of $14,353 compared 
to the women's '11,165. At 
universities, the gap widens, while 
at two-year colleges it gets 
narrower. Another differeoce is 
the question of profeSSOl"lbips. 
Only 9.7% of female faculty 
members compared to 25.S% of the 
male faculty members, achieve 
this rank. 

Therefore, it is obvious that 
women are being discriminated 
against. The statistics clearly 
demonstrate the prejudice to be 
fact. The final and IIlOBt lfuportant 
question Is, what are ,a, going to 
do about this inequality? 

The T,ilon Times I. published by UCSO sludenl . IS an official .Iudent _peper 
Publica tion Is on Mondays, Wednesdays and F'ldays during Iha "'IIulll< school year 
(except on ollicial hOlidays) . Editorial and bUsiness otllces .,. located In Ihe Sludeni 
Cenle' at the Uni¥ers lty of Calltorn la , San Diego. Fo' editorial . elll 0152·3_; tor bullness 
and display advert ising, call 452·3<468. 

Lelle,s to lhe editor and opinion columns are _loomed. All .ubml .. ionl mual be 'yped 
and dOUble-spaced on a 74· s pace line. They shOuld IIOtexceed ' · t12 pagel In IaoIglh . 

Submitted melerlll mus t bell< lhe n .... and stooent Identification number oA the&llhor, 
Names can be w,'hhekllrom publication on requesl; hO_lhe n ..... will be held on II .. 
fo, public Inspeclion . 

The T,lIon Time. r ...... lhe right 10 fdlllUbmla.lon. becaIae of epee IIMIlIIon. Of 
awt. req"l_I • . 

Entire conI.,,, copyright 1917111. TrMon Time • . . 

. 

,,~y,J~II. 1m 1 ...... III .... os Pagd 

Letters to the Editor 

An Open Letter to Citizen~ for Sa~e Research 
In respondinI to queationa poeed 

by the "Citizens ' for Safe 
Rese8rch" (<SR) the ChanceDor's 

~ia1 Biobazards CommlUee 
((SBC) notes blat ita own charge II 
Dl8limal aSlurance of safe 
('eSellrch that involves known or 
conceivable blobazardous 
IIIBterials. '!be c:amrilittee Is ~ 
yjsOry to the Qumcellor at UCSD 
and fu1fUls requi,rements for the 
safe conduct ot recombinant DNA 
('eSellrch outlines by the NatiC!1'81 
Institutes of Health in its 
guidelines of July, 1976. In 
response to the spedfic questions 
raised by CSR: . 

1. Wbat It y..-eollUlliUee .... 
II the preseat tilDe to 1Df0l'lD tile 
JllbUc ablal tills eealnftnlal 
lllue? 

The CSBC is respoosive to an 
public inquiries and concerns 
about recombinant DNA researcb 
on the U<SD campus. In tIis 
.connection it has cooperated fully 
with the sub-committee on 
recombinant DNA research ol the 

. Quality of Life Board of the City ol . 
San Diego. It has responded ~ 
other inquiries from public bodies 
and is happy to respond to that 
from the <SR. The CSBC also has a 
sub-committee' on education which 
currently is placing emphasis on 
the educational needs oJ campus 
laboratory personnel but which 
intends to address public education 
as needed and, increasingly, as 
time pennits. 

~ . What role do you leel members 
01 the commllllity sbould have Ia 
reviewing the poteDtial rlsb 
associated with recomblaaat DNA 
researcb aDd iD imposlDI 
restrictioas oa the research wheD 
appropriate? . 

The CSBC includes two public 
members, i~ ~etings are open'to 

Cafeteria Food 
Unfit for 
Consumption 

Judy Walton's comment in the 
Jan. 12 'IT prompted me to remark 
about the quality of the cafeteria 
food, something I Intended to do a 
long time age. My parents were tl)e 
kind of people who taught me. to 
clean my plate • "think of all the 
poor starving children in Europe". 
To this day, I do just that. 

I had the misfortune, however, to 
partake of cafeteria food one 
evening when I was working-late, 
and the food was absolute polson. 
The students with wbom I spoke 
said it was always this ba4. 1 can't 
see why they aren't dying outright. 
I am not a fussy eater but I \mow 
some of that food was spolled. I had 
stomach pains for the rest ol the 
evening. I'm sure food is wasted 
because it just ian't edible. 

David EI .... EuaIIIIw..... . 
MatltSt8d .. _ .......... edItor • 
... lanRu .... '. ~ .... 
... I«: N_I",.n ......... ~ ... 
Vera Todorov - c:-.Ity ...... 
SOr. J . Lowen ........ _ ....... 

Joel C. Oon .................. .. 
Ran Ar,,*.~ .... 
Sooll Sedi' • ....,.. ..... 
Tim MacKenzie. ""-... tor 
aill 8 rool<. -'f'IIOtO ..... 
Sue Nealon. c.p, ....... 
Becky DeVinney . ,. dilation ......... I Shoun. S'oIIel ' ,. a dull .......... Gary Ghlrardi· ~ .. "' ....... 

members of the press and Its proposal is on behalf of those in-
minutes are available for public vestigators whose research may be 
lnspection in the UCSD Biomedical conducted more safely in such a 
Ubrary. AU sugesti6ns received facility and is in the name of the 
from {lUbUc sources are fully Conunittee Outlrman ell officio. 
consklered. 'lbe CSBC operates t. We .... enta.d tbat tbe 
under NIH guldelinel that are BIobazardll Committee, appoillted 
subject to pubUc comment and by the <llaacen., .... been 
review. It is hoped that local des.gaated as tbe overslgbt 
members of the conunUl1ity who Committee requirecl by the NUl 
have Interest in or concern about guldeliDM, Is It 1be CoJDJD1ttee's 
recombinant DNA research will respoaslblUty to decide wbether or 
coolllJllDlicate through existing DOt recomblDaDt DNA researcb 
channels or will suggest ap- .hould tQe place at UCSD? U yciur 
propriate new ones. The intention committee does Dot have tbat 
of the CS8C is to operate as openly .tborilf, who does? 
as poaible in carrying out its The' understanding is correct. 
responsibilities. Concerning the two questions, it is 

I. froID tile \IedDDIIII, ..... &1 <SBC's responsibility to assess the 
eapged la tbIt raean:b ave beeD ' degree ol safety Ii recombinant 
draItIDc tbelr OWII pIdeUDea. We DNA research proposed at UCSD 
underltud tUt you. Dr. He.. and to certify to the Chancellor and · 
denoD, were respouible for the NUl that all such research is in 
draftiaI tile very pnpoul yoa are accord with the ' published 
.,w eacaced 1II...atorIq. Do JOlI . guidelines for this type of research-
see 811)' poalble eoafllct .. ... It is not the 'responsibility of CSBC 
teRIt? to decide whether recombinant 

No conOictofinterestemts. The DNA research, judged to be safe 
<SBC consists of individuals with and in accord with the guidelines, 
varying degrees of expertise and should 'be done. Authority for this 
involvement in recombinant DNA rests with the individual in-
research. Most members of the vestigator and the University, 
Committee are not directly in- under policies and regulations 
'volved in such research. Persons provided by the Regents of the 
who are involved in the research University to ensure that research 
have an essential contribution to and scholarship are maximally 
make in terms. of knowledge and creative, which is in the public 
perspective. As individuals they interest. 
are e~ted to guard against 5: It Is possible that 1brougb 
conflict of interest and no in- bumaD-error, cODtainment of 1bese 
dividual, including the Chairman, potentlaliy daugerous orgaDisms 
can make decisions for the Com- could faD? 
mittee as a· whole. The present 
Chairman has no persolVil in-
volvement in recombinant DNA 
research. The proposal referred to 
in the questions appears to be the 

U~D application for funding of P-
3 facilities on the campus. The 

Complete contalmnent of any 
potential danger is ne,cessarily 
subject to hwnan error. The effort 
is always to reduce the frequeDCy 
of such error and the probability ol 
damaging consequences In the 

event of error. That Is what the 
National Institutes of Health 
guidelines are about. The poten-
tially most dangerous organisms, 
as defined by the National 
Institutes of Health and by the 
Center for Disease Control, will not 
be utilized at U<SD. These are 
either forbidden by the guidelines 
or require higher levels of con-
tainment than will be availa1l1e at 

U~D. Contemplated experiments 

may, indeed, prove not to be 
dangerous at all. Nonetheless, 
appropriate precautions wi]} be 
taken, including minimizing 
human error until more knowledge 
is available. 

The CSBC appreciates the 
concerns of CSR and welcomes its 
efforts to establish responsible 
community opinion. 

LEE HENDERSON, M.D. 
Chairperson 

rhirQ College Progrom Boord Presents 

WIINlrl~112 
Mt\tl3II IC 

, 

A Semiformol Affoir 

music by (:ti~l~ l?r=ACTI()~ 

• (;4.T 4.M4.I24."'" 

r=l?IV4". ...J~"'U~~~ ~1 
<;):()() V,.,. - ~:()() ~ 

Hors d' oeuvres Served 
J3.00 per person tickets avoilable ot Third College Deons Office 



tlitOD times 

Third Reporter 
Summer Weathe·r-''Winter Magic" 

by t.ara Rielder 
Staff Writer 

"Winter Magic" may prove to be' 
an incongruous title fOT the up-

. coming Third CoUege sem1-fonnal 
Dance, " considering the recent 
unseasonably mild weather of La 
Jolla. Yet thaee who have a broad 
imagination will find that the spirit 
of the festivities will still lend its 
Own "magic" to the evilI1t. 

dance, to be held this Friday !It the 
catamaran Hotel In San Diego. In . 
preparation, a special workshop 
will be held, this evening, for thole 
who wish to learn the latest dance 
steps. 

Susan Osborn '· Montrose, 
assistant dean of Third College, 
emphasizes that the event was 
planned specially for a time when 
"people still have time and 
energy." Faculty and staff 

1be music of "Chain Reaction" 
will an 'for the 

members encouraged to 
attend. an 

Save $10.00 to $59~90 if you act now. 
If Y9u've been thinking about· 

getting a programmable, .. 
'texas Instruments has a 

special offer for you 
NOW 

SR-56 $109.95* 
If you want an Incredible slide rule calculator that'. 
also programmable, then this Is the one for you. 

There're 74 preprc.grammed functions and opera-
tions. And it has AOS, Tl's unique algebraic operating 
system, the underlying reason an SR-56 is so power-
ful. It'll let you handle problems with as many a,s 
9 sets of parentheses. Talk about memory. An SA-56 
has 10 (11 if you count the T-registered.). And you can 
do arithmetic with all of tliem. 

Chances are you'll soon discover how really easy 
it is to program. An SR-56 has 100 steps. Six logical 
decision functions. Four levels of subroutines. Dec-
rement and skip on zero. Compare a test register 
with the display to make a conditional branch. And 
this is just the beginning . 
I Think about it. Can you really afford to put off get-
ting your SA-56, now? 

r-----------------~ 
I TeXll~ !ns!rurmnl'l will reball $10.00 qf your. origi~1 SR·56 purthu. pric.e when . I 

you: (1) rllUm this tompletecl CIIU~Or. Ir.CIU~"'O IIIiII number (2) IIong with your I tompleted 51\-56 customer infoflllltion card (DIc1ied In bol) and (3) I dated copy I I of proof of your purthase. verifying purchase between Jan. 1 and Marth 31. 1977. I 
I M-II R,IIIIt Ofllr I , . O . ... 121. I RIc""' .. n, TIDll_ I 
I Name I 

I 
Address ________________ _ 
C,ty ________ State' ____ Zip ____ _ 
SR·56 Serial No. _________ (1rom back of calculator) 
Please allow 30 days for rebate . L _________________ ~ 

0110' YO", wile,. pron lll<t." II'; 1110 GOOCI In C"""'."UI U 5 only 

SR-52 $299.95* 
If you want the computer-like power of a card pro-
grammable then choose this on •• 

Techniques like optimization, iteration, data reduc-
tion, what-if matrices, mathematical modeling, need 
not tie up your mind - oryour time. 

But learning to use it is a hassle, you say. Not true. 
Prerecorded programs are gathered into software 
libraries: Electrical Engineering. Math. Statistics. 
Finance. All you need do is load a mag card, press a 
few keys and you 'll get answers that previously 
required a computer. 

You can make your own programs just as easily. 
In just a couple of hours .you 'li begin to ~ 
prove what a powerful asset you have-
right at your fingertips. 

And there's not a better time to get an 
SA-52 than right now. -
r-----------------~ 
I EIec1rbl EJlg lnHring . SlIti*,. MI". FInInct. Choollll1Y two·and (1) fIlUm I 

lI!is c~ c04Jpon inCluding will number IIong willi (2) [:' CGmDIItId I SR·52...,1ztd customer information card (pICked In bol) and 3 • clat'lli copy I I 01 prool 01 your purthase. verifying purchase ~ Jan . :!O and ICh 31, 18n. I 
M-12 "'" ..... " """" oller I I ' .0 .... 1%1. 
1I1c ....... , TIDI 7I0Il I 

~m. _________________ _ 

~~ I . 
City State ~ I 
SR·S2 Serial No. . (from tllCk 01 calcuJaIOtl I Mall! __ SlItisticl __ FinlrICI __ . EE 
Texas Instruments r.-till right to substitute software IIlnrln of equal vatue, I 
based upon availbiity. ""'"afIow ~ days fordtilWly.· L _________________ J 

·5ooo"t." flUI , rc. 
TEXASI~STRUMENTS 

, 18771 .... In."U"""1I IlICOrporJlld INCORPORATED ~5I1 

portunity to meet with them "on an 
equal · basis. " The respoDSe has 
thus far been very encouraging, 
said Montrose. • 

TIckets are being sold in advance 
at the Third College dean's office 
for $3.00 per person. Hors-
d'oeuvres ·will be served at the 
dance, which will last from 9 pm 
until 2 am. Although students are 
given the opportunity to dress 
more fonnally than they would 
normally at a Third College event, 
no person will be turned away 
because of casual attire. . 

Students interested in learning 
or teaching new darice steps should 
go to Third Lecture Hall 107 
Wednesday night at eight. The 
Third College Progrrun Board has 
made this session available for 
those who wish to practice for 
Friday night. 

Socialism ... 
[Continued from 1] 

occur "when technology is so 
advanced on an international scale 
that there will be an elimination of 

. society as it exists now. " 
Tanana, on the other hand, views 

socialism as "when the collective 
dictates to the individual. It's the 
use of force, coercion, and 
collective action to limit the 
behavior and freedom of the in-
dividual. " 

Dlffereace III vlewl 
Gonzales sees one essential 

difference in the two organizations 
in that " the conservatives 
generally want a small number (of 
people) to rule over the people." 
He said the socialists radically 
differ with this view in that they 
" want the people to rule them-
selves collectively in a way that 
would be the most democratic for 

. all." 
Predictably, Tanana has a 

different view of things, saying 
"the socialists believe one man's 
gain is another's loss. Now the 
'Free Marketeers' say that this 
isn't true. By .socUlI cooperation 
both people can benefit." 

And never the twain shall meet. 

WhiteWhaIes... 
[Coatlnued fremPaCe 11 

"Come in," said Homes, loudly 
and pointedly, "Mr ..... 1" 

"Snow, Barry Snow," said the 
man. 

"Ob, come now, Dean Gary 
Frost. We know better than that," 
said Holmes. 

I did a doubletake upon my 
doubletake. Then I watched the 
questionable character break 
down. 

" I am Dean Frost," he added. "I 
don't know how you figured out 
who I am, but let me ten you, I'm 
innocent! I did not murder the 
Chancellor. " 

" I . quite believe you," said 
Holmes. 

NEXT· WEEK: SHERLOCK 
HOL~'~THOUR 

ANNOUNCEMENTS· 
Fellowships are .. allabl.'rom Stal' Farm'Of 
students In buslne .. or bu.lne ...... ted 
fields Juch as compuler science, eoonomlcs, 
mathem.tics. and pnt-Iaw. wIIo ....., 
demonstrated excepllonal I_dershlp on the 
campus or In the community and wIIo will 
,nroll lor either th'llr aenlor y.r 01 un-
dergraduale' school or first year of gr8duate 
school In Fall 19n. Appllcationl are 
available from RoaaI .. Klteen . Office of 
Graduate Siudies and ~.ch, 1~ Mat· 
thews Campus. DMdilna 'or applying Is 
Feb,.,.ry a . lin. 

The .Psychology of Sport'. Olllcl.ling. a 
class Offered this quart.r by the P.E. . 
Departmenl. has undergone a nIIIchedullng 
It Will now meel Sunday _Inga from 7:00 
to 9.00 In TLH 109 IThird Coltege). TN$ 
chanl/8 was made In ord.r to eccomoclale the 
une,peeted large number of int_ted 
Siudents Clasa .,11.111_ will be gNred to 
quality ~oursa panlclpants to officiate $80 
01.00 County Girl's elF BaulketbaU. Games 
begin M.rch 7th Pay $25.00/doub~r 
For further information pl_ cont.,t Bob 
""" ..... tenalon 4032 

Playboy Playmate Exhibit--
Art Can B,e Titillating 

by Sara J. Lowen 
The unusually high nmnber of students visiting the Undergraduate 

Student Art Gallery this week may be explained by .the topic of the 
current show: entri~ to the Playboy Playmate Photo Contest. 

The show consists of two dozen photos which explore the classic art 
form of the nude centerfold. The idea for the show originated last quarter 
when Fred Lonidier assigned the students in his photography class to 
take pictures for the contest . . 

The results, as displayed in the gallery, are proba!Jly not what Playboy 
editors had in mind. There are a few photographs In t~ Playboy style: 
gauzy shots of women longing on beds, standing on cliffs by the ocean. 
But most of the entries are tongue-in-cheek conunents on the Playboy 
vision of the ideal women. One entry features photographs. and text. on 
'Miss January' (represented by a department store manneqwn), showmg 
her in the kitchen and bedroom and revealing her aspirations to become a 
housewife. Says Miss January: "I wouldn't say I'm into women's lib. 
When I eventually get married, I'd just as soon putter arolJ!ld the house, 
while my man goes to wor.!t." 

Several entries dealt with the ' Playboy breast fetish, one 
surrealistically (a model displays four breasts); another approaches 
ironic humor, advertising for a mastectomy patient to model for a 
Playboy centerfold. One display, which commented on the penchant of 
Playboy editors for retouching photos ,show~ a photo~ra'ph of a nude 
women completely painted over and was captioned: "This gIrl's body had 
been touched up so that her slightly imperfect body will appear perfect ." 

And one photo showed the camera as a phalli~ symbol for the' male 
photographer taking pictures of the female model. . 

Student-reaction to the exhibit was generally favorable . Several men 
expressed enthusiasm for the subject matter. Other comments on the 

Continued on Page 8 

·rililiralllllllrt 
FAHRENHEIT 451 
THE MAR TIA NCHRONICL ES 
THE BEAST FROM 10.000 FA THOMS 
IT CAME FROM OUTER SPACE 

AUTHOR 

And the lin ..... on! Roy Br.dbury hos publish.d some 
500 Ahort l loriH, poems. novels, ;and pbvs in the PJst JS 
y ....... His work h ... ppe.rtd in such mopzin., .s Tho 
Nation, HQ,p~'J, Colli~r's, The 50lurdoy [v~ning Post, Tht 
New Yorlfer. ReDder's Di~st, ilInd Ellery Queen 's Mysttry 
MOgGzlne. 'Films have been made of wlected Budbury 
works and in 1964 he formed his own state ,roup to pro-
duce his pI.ys. 

, 

POINT 12t'!S:9LL," I -3800 Lomalllld Orin, San Diego, CA 92106 
(71.1222-847 ••• t.246 •• 

!, . 1 H lill I 

f H. t. ' I ill' ( lJ(h" '\: 

triton times 

Co"ncert Review 

Pickin' & Slidin' with Ry Cooder 
By Ted Navin Burke 

Staff Writer 

The more I thought about it, the 
less I wanted to attend the Nov. 16 
Ry Cooder concert in the UC gym. 
Cooder, I knew, made a name for 
himself for the slicing slide guitar 
work he did on the Rolling Stones 
Let It Bleed album, a record I 
enjoyed. But word had it that 
Cooder was a dyed-in-the-wool 
folkie, someone who does songs 
they've learned from hillbillies, 
black blues sinsers, sailors, and 
other sources. In other words, 
Cooder wasn't any Hollywood 
pretty boy stroking his Ovation 

Ry Cooder 

guitar while singing self-penned-
tomes to his own sensitivity, like 
Jackson Browne (though Browne's 
styllsticS ~rry their own rewar-

, m ). Rather, Cooder was strictly 
bucolic, with rough edges In both 
voice and guitarwork, not a vir-
tuoso but engagingly honest in 
presentation to an audience that I 
suspected picked up on folk music 
as part of a collective rejection of 
high artin general. 

But while my admittedly dour 
presuppositions could have turned 
into a self-fulfilling prophecy ("I 
don't like folk music a!ld I ain't 

gonna have a good time no matter 
how excellent the music is"), I 
found myself instead having to 
swallow my automatic contempt. 
It was a bit like culture shock in 
your own culture. Cooder, without 
the band he's been using for most 
of this tour, ambled sleepily on 
stag!! and sat in his chair and 
goaded the sound crew to "goose" . 
the volume up in the monitors, 
finally imploring them to " crank 
it. Don't be afraid." 

The height of his perfonnance 
was his guitarwork. Basing his 
styles in rural blues inflections and 
country picking techniques, 
Cooder's approach is an enticing 
hodge podge of effects that don't 
fall into any category, but rather 
rest between the boundaries. His 
picking is quick and firm, with 
vigorous pulling of the strings, and 
his chord wlll'k can mix ragtime 
jazz progressions, classical 
chording, and blues phrasings with 
an egalitarian ease that's postivelv 
organic . His slide work, his 
strongest forte, avoids the dying 
dog moans that neophyte players, 
mostly British, manage, and _ 
maintains a solid flow of incisively 
slashing riffs. 

The lact that he seemed affable 
and good natured worked in his 
favor as well. He seemed to enjoy 
the songs he dId, avoiding the sort 
of inverse snobbery I thought 
pervaded this genre and its 
audience. Cooder debunked that 
prejudicial nonsense . 

Opening the show was Mike 
Seeger, Pete's brother, who per-
fonned on banjo, fiddle, auto harp, 
harmonica, jew's harp, as well as 
guitar, set the night's mood with an 
amiable perfonnance. 

The highlight of his set was his 
jew's harp playing, which with the 
utilization of the University's super 
fine sound system, approximated 
the unearthly buzz of interstellar 
insects, a ploy Pink Floyd might 
consider next time they take their 
million dollar quad system on tour. 
It 's astounding that sometimes the 
strangest emanations come not 

froin electronic amplifier banks, 
but from t~ !lim recesses of man's 
musical past. 

Seuss Exhibit: 
Collection of 
Diverse Art 

by Debbie Schwartz 
Staff Writer 

What could be more delec-
table than green eggs and ham? 
The current exhibit at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art entitled " Who is Dr. 
Seuss?" . The well·known 
author and illustrator of 
children's books, and resident 
of La Jolla, is represented by 
paintings, drawings. and 
mixed-media sculptures dating 
back to the 1930s. His fantasy 
characters are as amusing 
hanging on walls as they are in 
his books and films. 

A particularly interesting 
display explains "How to Write 
a Little Book for Little Kids" 
from the beginning stages of 
coming up with an idea to the 
problems encountered at the 
publishing house. The exhibit 
will continue through Sunday. 

The La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art. located at 
700 Prospect Street, is the 
closest museum of art to the 
campus of UCSD. This maze of 
showrooms and display 
hallways is the home of a 
growing permanent collection 
of 20th century art as well as 
temporary exhibits. Included in 
the pennanent collection is 
Christo's Drawing for Running 
Fence , various lithos by 
Rauschenberg and Lichten-
stein, and some surrealistic 
paintings and sculptures. 

The museum also shows films 
on Sunday afternoons and 
contains an art reference 
library. 

~--~--------------------------I STUDENTS 
JUST ARRIVED from Bolivia 

[100% AXLPACA Ponchos] 

Bring Ad in for $5.00 OFF 
Casa Oel Poncho 

International Shops 
1237 Prospect St. Suite 'H' 

La Jolla 

CPB Presents 

~riday & Saturday Films 
Why is everyone after 

The Black Bird 
Jan. 21 frida, 

USB 2722 
7 PM & 9:30 PM $1.25 

The Maltese falcon 
11.. Treasure of The·Sierra 

Matlre 
Jan. 22 Saturday 

USB 2722 
7 PM & 9 PM $1.00 

Geotge 
~ 

bird? 

Th. Maltese falcon and The Treasure of The Sierra 
Madr. - 2 clalsics directed by John Huston oM 
Starring Humphr.y Bogart. They're mystery thrillers 
wItIt style ... d substnc •• 



• 

..... ......... I •• 'W We ... ..,.,.aa.r, B, 1177 

...... · .... N·TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads, MICHAEL MEDVED 
1871 Chwy.veu-. 7~ e!III''''; good 8OO1IOIft¥ 
car-"', c.l1232-8il3 (1/21) 

. Honda CL 3110 1m. I)"'y 15C1l mi. Exoat ... t 
condo economical tranepor1atlon. Call Todd 
4M-9CI08 (1 lie) 
King wtrbad, ... ~Ing • hi" pedeatal. 
bookc.a hdbrd . etc. S3)O ext. 2tI52 or !!ell-
2135 AI or Dina (1/21) 
Vied Nordica ut,al racer IIkI boota alze 10 
n_ 160. Allklng 1315 or best oller Bruce at 
481·9207 (1/ 19) 

Fo, sale: Almost new B&W TV, 121n. $80 call 
Nancy 453-5721 (1124) 

• 4 sale Econ 1 A Gwartney like nu $10 "'pls t05 
Hildebrand · N .... S10 0.1 Rob ~7 

Male roommate ... anted for own room In Del 
Mar. 125 month & utlls. Yz bloCk 'rom beach 
755-3361 Pet_(l/ll1) 

F 0' M ho ..... ate wanted. Responsible. 
quiet nonMlOk ..... lth no pets $103 &.. utll. 

Cf~toUCSD453-6669(1/19) 

To share spacious 3 br house In Del Mar ... ith 
I other pe<SOn . AII_enllies & view 755-3642 
756-7216 (1/26) 

Roommate needed • M. F own room 185 mo.· 
plus 'h utll . 2 blocks Irom USD • 8 ml Irom 
UCSD Nice 2 bdrm apt. Tom 291\·5539 eves. 
(1121) 
Own rm in peaceful 08 house. $1 00 includes 
utilities . Good envl<onment. 222·7195 (I 119) 

Wanted: I F Roomm'lte. Apt . 1 blk from 
beach. Del Mar. Near coast cruiser. Pool. 
187.50. 481"()758 (1/19) 

Muir apmt contract lor sale. Please contact 
Louis at 453-7883 (1/2.) 

Room-mate needed In specious Del Mar 
house. $140 mth II. ulll . No pets. On beach. 
Call 755·1334. Female prf. 

2 Roomates needed lor 2and2 ocean front 
Sauna Dishwasher Call ailer 5488-2524 Andy 
(1/21) 

2 male roommates wanted 1 mile to campus 
you will share with 2 other mature students 
onlv S66 per month. Call 452-946t (1/21) 

WANTEd 
Occasional MOlners HeiperlSiuer per-
manent thru )078. 1 'h miles from campus. 
453-5544 (1121) 
Will pay $20 a month to person allowing my 
dog 10 reside at their home. I supply food . 
Stacey 459·7823 (1/191 

Brown ... 
[Continued from Page 1] 

feels this University "did pretty 
well." He says the budget is ac-
ceptable " programatically, 100 per 
cent." 

The major drawback of Brown's 
budget, said Saltman, is that it 
employs the " less is more 
philosophy, whereby we must 
replace some of the money with 
our own resources." Such is the 
case with the University Bookstore 
addition, which is being con-
structed by a loan, to be paid back 
through profits from the store. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Horseback Riding Club: Meeting, 4 PM 
Thursday. January 20 , In Recreation Gym 
COnf .... nce Room-information and slgn·up 
for T~AIL RIDE or Saturday January 22; 
BEGINNING HOR9I'MANSHIP • lecture I : 
The Common Serle, 01 Horaeback RldillQ. All 
beginning riders d urged to attend. 

A nst of all calldldates for W inter Ouart .. 
graduation has _n posted on the bulletin , 
_ oulaide 01 the Re...11e Provost's Office. 
Ple_ check thililat Imrr-.diately to be sure 
that your name'S'" It. "yvu .,e r.ofl1l!~. 
pi-. contact Ulm Gillies In the Provost's 
Office. I 

~ 
. P.B. 
Iday& 

Saturday 

FILM 
POSTERS 

. Allailable 
at 

E.D.N.A. 

Wanted to buy or borro ... to raoord : a oopy of 
"IT. a beautiful day" by ...... Nail 453-n8O 
(1/2t) 

AppoInt_ aec,.,.,., pt lime _ . Salary 
plu. bon .. prel .. junior or 1Ibo .. c.l1 M,. 
CI ..... g .. 27HlIO (1/24) 
Iie_alely owed someone 10 fix my ..... ·up 
bicYcle II,.. Will pay _aonable lee. LecAnn 
756-32t8 (1119) 

Typing • Marilyn ... ould like 10 fulfill your 
typing needs - expert, _.enable. has an 
IBM. N ..... 27~728(2/4) 

' TRAv~l 
EUROPE ISRAEL AFRICA '" StucMnt chart .. 
llights yMI round ISCA 1608 We atwood Blvd . 
1103, L.A. calif . 90024 (213)821B·~. 826-
(»55 (3/21) 

Claudine Longet Fan Club accepllng III>' . 
plicallona lor vacancy left by a.ry 'MoIrI< Clndv M.: Gregarl6us greetings from your 
Gilmore. Must hay. hal no more than 1 e""r·loyal bed-buddy I 
quarter 01 French and be able 10 ana_ Andy 
Williams trivia quesllons Call45J.82~ . Old your lavorlte Pfol get Iired1lets lind out 

why: (',all AndV Sct"~der 452-4450 
Former Econ students : do you ... ant to sell 
your G ... artney? Call Prol . Mann, x3383 or 
bring booka to H·L 3412. 

Banjo player .... nted to form bluegrass 
group. Ask for Marl< 756-n56 (1/21) 

SERViCES 
Lost un ... anteo pounoa II Inches. HealthV & 
easy way to lose weight & keep II ofl. Call 
Lvnn 481-8290 (3/21) 

".1eeting of the veSD Amateur Radio Club. 
Jan. 20 (Thurs.) at 6;30 p.m. In the East 
Conference Room. 

lOST ANd fOuNd , 
Lost: med,um sized black dog . Female, looks 
like a black (red) setter. Lost last _kend In 
uni""rslty area. Please call 459-3456 
Reward 

Lost : Blue .'ny' 3·rlng folder and UCSO 
btown spiral notebook on Fri. 1/14 on 
Re",,"a fountain stllllS. Call Richard 7SS,8327 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Skiers" Ski M .... moth Jan. 21·23. Includes: 
lransp . • lood, Iodging ... ' sauna, Jacuzzi, etc. 
only $33 . Call.S)09370 

. . 

AUTHOR Of 

What Really Happened 
toth. 

Class of '651 
Thursday January 20 8:00pm AP&M 2113 

In 19'5 Ti .... tJadne .. Lected the hi9h IChOol cl ... of 
1965 at Palh.d •• Hlqh School 1n au..buban Loa Angel •••• 
an .:i .. pl. ot Meric..- Youth ·on the fringe of • 901den erl.· 

WHAT Ilr:ALLY HAPPDiEDl 

"The qu.t.t~cll of the football t ... b .. HoUywood ..... ur 
"The 9&1'9 leader of tM ·Saracen.- tu.. buUt •• 1111on dollar 
bUlin ••• -.pi r. 

"The uoubled lntdlec:tual ia .. JOhn .1rcher r'*'!'1lin9 tor con,r ... 

Coea .n4 find out what happened to th ••• and otherl-and wh4i.t 
it'. Uk. to get ,your book pubUahecll 

. • poniON.d the, Muir 5 & Dime Board 

During your Quarter Break 1 purchased the Jonathens Market In 
Del M,ar. 1 have renamed the store Windmill Farms and 1 have added 
a .complete Natural Foods store and Health Foods Department In 
addition to the regular complerraent 0/ grocery store Items, you will be 
pleased to note that the prices ho,ve been reduced to compete with 
other d'count supermarkets. _, hope you take advantage '0/ the coupon 
below to ge.t acqua'nted with my new store. 

aROCERIES 
--American Beauty Spaghetti 12 oz. pkg. 
-·Whlte Xing Detergent 49 oz. box 
--Oro wheat Sour Dough MuJfJns 6 pk. 
--Maxwell House Coffee - all grinds· 1 II can 
-- 7-Up - 12 oz. can 6 pk. 

MElTS 

32e gge 
45e 

S2.25 
99-

[We sell USDA Choice and PrIme Beef exclusluelV -
we also feature a full line of Foster Farms chemica' 
free poultTy] 
·-7-Bone Chuck Roast 
. -Ground Beef 
--Old Smoke House bulk bacon 

Ill.lCllEaEi 

BI'lb. 
6S'lb. 

11.10 lb. 

--Oscar Mayer all beef bologna 12 oz. pkg. 9.' 
- WIKo",'n Natural Monterey Jack Cheese 11.39 lb. 

DIllY ,1IIaTI 
--Alta Dena LOUl-fat,.l:fomo Mille 1/2.,1 68' 
--Spr.ntdI!!'d Low-fat Homo Milk 1/2 gal 6S' 
-·Alta Dena Raw Milk J/2-gal 79' 
·-Alta Dena Mava Yogurt 1/2 pt. 43' 
--Springfield Yogurt 1/2 pt. 2S' 

, 

Prices ~ectlue J·19-71 through J-26-77 

Stan Beney 

IITURIl fDODI 
--Frah Wheat Germ 
-·O.d Fashioned Rolled' Oats 
--',..tant Korean G'nseng 50pk.· 
·-Natura'. ~QU) Wild Honey 5 'b. can 
-Natura' FooU Mms Bak..." 

59'lb. 
25'1b. 

'4.15 
'2.9S. 

1-Gral,. Sprouted Bread 2f oz. 'oaf 
--Llue-Rlte Protein '96' J6 oz. jar 

B6' 
'1.99 

, .. ALFALFA SPROUTS (S"" Grow'ng In 
OrIglrKII Confolnerj 

7" IL 

GREEN BEANS 2.' lb. 

Pl .. : An 'mprealue Sefectlon of Bulk Oral .... 
Vltallll ... .,.., Protein 

Supple...,.,. 

~'"; -;,~-omaoN·~--~-~·~-·l~' 
~ 1/2 Pric. •• m' 

\ One Qt. of CamJf lulce 
Repl. to. Prfce n. J5 

-er· In 

Um" one". c ... to .... r : 

I" -"" ~~t~ 
_ ------------ ----. u. 

Irilulllh.lI-S Page 1 

P.E. Class Designed for Disabled 
by Jady Wal. 

Staff Writer 

As the culmination (i more than 
a year of planning and organizing 
by a U~D stude .. , the P.E. 
Department Ia offering a new cJaa 
this quarter, specially deslg~ for 
disabled students. Known 811 the 
Developmental Physical Activity 

Program, it marks the first time 
any such course had been offered 
at UCSD. The Applied 
Rehabilitation course currently 
being given differs from this new 
program in that it enrolls persons 
with both temporary Impairments 
(such as pulled muscles) and 
permanent disabilities. 

~ulette Francis, the student 

KPRI presents 

WEDNESDAY JANUARY 26 I 
~~su~.!!! III 

nekets AVillMll •• t San Di.&o Civic Thl.h. lox OffiCI, 
3rd .1Id " 8" Sl'"t~ HI ... I ..... ' _'s SI"," .nd III Melro ace.elll 

tor rnfOrrnatlon elll 23&..6510 . 

~~~ ~ , ~ 
Sfwfe.ct 

RepWeltfafive6 
There will be a Bureaucracy Conference 
for yoor benefit held on Sat. Jan. 22 in the 
East Conf. Rm. of the student Center from 
12 noon until 3 p.m. 

·cOoperatively preseated by the Appointments and 
EvaluatioD8 Committee of the UCSD Student Coop Union. 

~ ,': ~ 
·It All 
Adds 

~) 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

Member 01 F 0 I C 

La Jolla Offk:e 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla. CA 92037 . 

~.8711 

who organized the proarat •• , said 
the idea originated In the spring 
quarter of 1m, when she decided 
to create this course as a 199 
project. However, even though 
approval for 199 credit was never 
given, she still began contacting 
whoever she thought might have 
the slightest infonnatlon regarding 
classes for the physically disabled. 
" It sori of mushroomed out," said 
Francis "with one person leading 
me to another until I had made a 
'whole network of phone calls." 

Finally, this year, through the 
Student Affirmative Action 
Committee, funding for the 
program was arranged and 
Francis was given the go-ahead. 

Francis, a senior at Third 
. College and an anthropology 

major, has been actively seeking 
students to partic.ipate in this new 
class. So far, only four students are 
definitely enrolled, but Francis 
hopes to reach many more. " Right 
now," she said, "I have to select an 
experienced instructor who will be 
hired to teach the class. Many 
people have already applied for 
this position." 

The purpose of the elass will be 
twofold, according to Francis. The 
first objective is to develop good 
physical conditioning and muscle 
coordination. 

The second, and perhaps more 
important goal, is to generate an 
active interest in sports and to 
impart new skills among the 
disabled. 

While the organization of the 
course has not been pennanently 

Continued on Page 8 

Rugby: Win Some, Serum Some 
Widespread competition from teams as far away as Finland saw the 

Tritons' men's and women's rugby teams compete in the OMBAC (Old 
Mission Beach Athletic Club) Invitational held last weekend at Rood 
Field in Ocean Beach. 

Men 's rugby scored three wins and three losses in a tcmgh field of 48 
teams. Leading scorer Dan Dworsky accounted for much of the Tritons' 
offensive punch, although forwards Steve MacPhearson, AI Pinon and 
Conrad Smith and back Brian Hutchinson were also instrumental in the 
UCSD attack. 

With 80 per cent of the players new to the team, women's rugby led by 
Francine Brown, Patty Ladouceur, Amelia Rivera and Sandy Timmons 
gave, in Coach Vicky Wilford's words, " an extremely pleasing per. 
formance" in the women's division. 

Everyone's Eligible 

More Intramural News 
by Kirk Robln&oD 

Intramurals are still in the 
process of getting under way this 
week. There are still captains 
meetings to attend and tour-
naments to sign up for. And a 
couple of sports have even had the 
audadty to play opening round 
games. 

Volleyball 
Now I know volleyball isn't being 

offered as a regular intramural 
sport this quarter, but that doesn't 
mean the the Intramural Dept 
(1M) has forgotten all about 
volleyball. To the contrary. 
Instead the 1M Dept. is sponsoring 
a couple of volleyball doubles 
tournaments. 

IJ( 
There will be a men's doubles 

tournament this Saturday (Jan, 22) 
from 9 am Wltil a champion is 
determined. There is just one catcb 
to all this .... you must sign your 
team up by this Thursday (Jan. 
20). 

. IAN 01 Iii 0 

WanfaJob? 
ttttttttt 

ttttttttt 
ttttttttt 

The Triton Times needs 
ad salespeople. 

lrilon tiDies 
Drop by and see what 

we have to offer. 

The women haven't been 
forgotten either. Their tournament 
is scheduled for the following 
weekend (Saturday, Jan. 29) with 
the sign up deadline the preceding 
Thursday (Jan. 27). 

Soccer 
If you are still interested in 

playing soccer this quarter, you 
can't delar much longer. The 
captains meetings for both coed 
and men's soccer are today. The 
men's captains meeting is this 
afternoon at 3 pm. while the 
meeting for coed soccer is at 4 pm. 

Ji100r Hockey 
Last week I reported that Floor 

Hoeltey was going to have to be 
played on Saturday mornings. This 
has been changed much to the 
relief of several hungover hockey 
players. Game times have been 
shifted to Sunday evenings as weU 
as Tuesdays. Now that you are 
interested In playing again, the 
captains meeting for men's hockey 
is Thursday Jan. ?AI at 4 pm in 
Office 21 with the coed meeting 
following at S pm. 

Softball • 
"The Rites of Spring." Spring 

practice. Call it what you like. The 
softball diehards are at it already . 
Getting a jump on all other in-
tramural sports this quarter, the 
four sof\ball leagues began play 
this past weekend. 

EATS MICE gained the first win 
of the season as they outlasted 
NINE EASY PIECES, 10-5. Bryan, 
Andy and Ken paced the MICE 
attack with home runs. 

Tim Rand of NIGHTSOIL 
jumped to an early lead in the 

ConWlued on Page 8 
f .... ··~··'"'·.--........··-··-··-··" ....... 'II 
ICOMMUNITl: t 
fBI.,OOD BANlQ 
I • i 983lndla I 
\ :1 .. 1 r S J I 
l PAYSI?ONORS ~ 
, for Service i 
( Mon .. Fri. J ~ ___ ~~~l __ 

---
- --



, 

Irll •• IIII.as 

puter Shapiro' Set to Speak 
Sp'eech lays n Carter Transition 
I n Peoria· 

(ZNS) - Two speech scientists 
working with an IBM computer say 
they have perfected a meth~ to 
produce' political speeches that 
may have chilling consequences on 
future US elections. -, 

Speech experts Donald Shields of 
the University of Missouri and 
John Cragen eX Illlilois State 
University report that they devised 
their techniques during the 1976 
elections. 

The two . scientists say they 
wanted to come up with a political 
speech that would be effective in 
Middle America. In other words, 
they explain, one that would "Play . 
in Peoria." 

They took that phrase literally: 
The two went to Peoria and 
questioned a cross-section of 
residents on their views on foreign 
policy. 

The responses were then fed into 
an mM 370 computer, and the 
machine was instructed to turn out 
a seven- to nine-minute speech on 
foreign affairs. 

According to Shields, the 
machine did as instructed. He says 
he delivered the computer-written 
address to an audience that did not 
know the' technique, and that he 
received a standing ovation. 

Shields says that, with their 
technique, all you need now is an 
attractive candidate to deliver the 
lines. 

UCSD political science 
professor Martin Shapiro is 
scheduled to speak Thursday 
night on problems facing 

President~lect Jimmy Carter 
during the presidential tran-
sition period. . 

The talk on "Presidential 
Transitions is set for 8 pm - 11 
hours after Carter's 
inauguration will begin - in the 
International Center. It is the 

tenth program of the Public 
Events Series sponsored by the 
Fri~nds of the UCSD Library. 

Shapiro will outline the 
President's problems in 
recruiting skilled persons for 
government service and the 
. process of his gaining control of 
the government's bureaucratic 
apparatus. . 

The talk is free and open to 
the public. . 

MODday,J .. aaryI7,~ 

94eSPECIAL 
Ran~he'o- Lot of avoeado, tomatoetl, alfalfa ' prout , baco 
bit, topped with pip'n~. hot melted jac k and cheddar 
cheeaea •.• deliciou ! Re~ular '1.35 

Pl._bring Ihle coupontoeny location. Ooodal"~ p.m. only. bpi ... Fib . •• tl77. 

, 

La.Jolla - 621 Pearl Street. 459-5474 Del Mar · 1130CamlOo Del Mar. 481.()164 
PacIfIC Beach · 1651 GIIrnet Ave. 27(}0760 

rat ....... 
. AUTHOR 

FAHRfNHEIT 451 
THE MARTIAN CHRONICLES 
THE BEAST FROM 10.000 FA THOMS 
IT CAME FROM OUTER SPACE 

And the list ,oes on! Ray Bradbury has published some 
SOO short stories, poems, novels, and pl.ys in Ihe past 3S 
years. His work has appeared in such ma,uints a The 
No/Ion, Harper 's, CoIJier"s; The SaturdllY t. vel1l1llj Post, Tlte 
Ntw Yorker, Reoder 's DIgest, and Ellery Queen ' Mystery 
Magaline. Films have been made of selected Bradbury 
works imd in 1964 he formed his own SUSt ,roup to pro· 
duce his pl.ys. 

POINT LOMA COLL," I ..... GOLDEN GYMNASIUM 
3900 LomelMd Drive, Sen Diego, CA 92106 

(7141222·6474 ext.248 

, ( ,j If lfi" 1.11, .' 1 K Ilf' I I' 

H, I r .. , d S j (Ill f\,,(lldl ") flU "~11th It, ", d' 

Asked if the method will be 
perfected by the 1980 elections, 
Shields answered: " Yes, not to 
mention 1984." 

UNIVERSITY OF (AlIFORNIA , S.D. 
PARKING SERVICES 

PARKING CITATION N919159 5 
- -, 

·.'l 

1 - 10-77- 11r·M, - 5 P.M. 
Abortion ... ~ l.~I. ..... 01 t l l rr 

• MAI'(l t r,' , 1"-' .. f 

[Continued from Page 1) 
pregnancy-counseling agencies 
will participate in a panel 
discussion duririg the course, to 
be held in Room 124, Media 
Center/Communica tions 
Building, on the Third College 
Campus. Valuable information, 
such as " which groups these 
agencies service, the cost, and 
just what limitations there are" 
will be provided by the session. 

The course will meet 7-10 pm 
Friday, Feb. 4; 9 am-4 pm 
Saturday, Feb. 5; and 9 am-
12 :30 pm Sunday, Feb. 6. The 
fee is $36, and participants are 
asked to bring a bag lunch on 
Saturday. Enrollment in-
formation is available through 
the UCSD Extension Office at 
452-3400. 

There IS a 
difference !f! 

PREPARE FOR : 

MCaT Over 35 y .. rs ft • of .xpe".nce 
OaT and IUCCHS ft. SmeIlCI_ 

LSAl Voluminous home GRE study material. 
Courses that are ARSB O)l\Itently updated 

DCAl 
CPAl 

T.", fec:ilitits for 
r'lviltw. of c:1_ 
I"ullbns end for UM 
cllUpplementary 
""teriel. FlEX ~-tlke ·UpS for ECFMG r1iJNd lessons 

MATlM :DBDS 
SAT - ~AT 

SAN OIEG) tENTER 
2180 Glro.t , PacifIC Beech 92109 

Phone 714 -210-6810 . 

= EDUCATIONAL CENTER 
Branch .. in mljor US citi" 

end Switzerland 

-I • , -, 

21113 A x c..ve ~OMt ~OUPO OIH EH 
t • • 'lA "'A f'O'" PA;,~~t:~ . ()N l!' e. ; ~~~!r:Y" .. ~(!!t0ur I'I£f(~rr 

11\1 PIZIP~/2. PA~/A/" 4',0 Of A 'II 
I 0\(1'11 U' OIl " .. ,II 01 HlM' "" 10, 1011'01 II !lUi n o (OllHl " 0 IKAt I (0" 01 lOll (1\1" 0' .11 1""1If0 10 1111 "Ot'I\I( ~1I 0 ¥lIIIHl 1M 
UCOID' I .If~ \U 4110] Of nt, VUIIUI (001 Of 'til \ taTl 01 (A1I101 • 

....... A.U(.( "'u D,\' 
b/L.I'r£Nr PA7"~L P~P.£~ _X uc,,, 

'OU Ifl '"IIT '0 ,,1110 '0 "PI" Il l ' " '" III/IOIOlll (OU/1 HUI II 1'10 (1"110001 10110 "'0 11M 0"'0 (I "'Il 
Wl THUI 100"'\ tlOUr, I aM 10 ,,/11 (lO"O ul u rn,,~ ~UftOU\ AltO "OIIOU \ 

YOU MAY ~OST UIIIITHIR ~1.SONAllY OllaY lUll IN IIIU OF A~~IUAN{f 
Un I II'\(\ II 1I0l.lIXII0 WIf IUN It DU\ 

101 Ull 1II#01 ... 1I0N III ItVllI1 IIIL " "UII 10 m"l 01 '011 .,,' , ,11 " lUll " " ." PIQ(ftOl I ""'II 
un tI ~U( IfD OWNfI fOI vrOIU IO Ii 01 1111 .t. O\,1 .'.fO SHtI III &C(O'O".U • • ," 1111 rtOYI\IO Of StWOti 41 112 Of 
I" '''\lUI (001 01 ' "' 11 11' 01~'1110 '." 

PA~KING INFORMATION 

, 

CITATIONS ARE ISSUED TO ILLEGALLY PARKED VEHICLES. 

Parking permits are required on campus 7:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Monday .through Friday. 
Parking meter fees are also required during these hours. 

Student ["S" permit] parking is restricted to YELLOW STRIPED SPACES In campus 
parking Lots. 

Parking permits are sold at the central cashier's office, Building 401, Matthews 
Campus 8:00 AM through 3:00 PM Monday through Friday. 

You must furnish proof of vehicle ownership [vehicle registration document] at the 
time of permit purchase. 

If you have any questions or need assistance please call parking services on Extension 
4223 or stop by Building 400, Matthews Campus. 

UCSD Parking Services 


