
II 

1'.EII IEFEREIDUM SCHEDULE 
Sat., feb. 26: Coop Special Se,,'on on 
referendum, North Conference Room, noon 
to 5pm. 
Mon., feb. 28: Written ",o-con argument • . 
on _IIot I ..... due at NC J09. 
Thu,..., Mareh :I: ' .. u. and AII8IHf'8 on 
severol 0/ tile ballot "'ua, Rel1elle 
cafeteria, 7::10 pm. 
Fri., Narell 4: EDNA kickoR, concert and 

45% Reduction Called For 

referendum Information, the Student 
Center, noon. 
Sot., Mareh 5: Coop SpeCial Se •• 'on, N~rt" 
Conference Room, noon to 5 pm. 
Mon., Mareh 7: Muir Open forum on 
referendum, Muir quod, noon. 
Tue •. , March 8: fourth College referendum 
debate, MGlthe",. cafeteria, noon. 
Wed .• fr'., MGr'(;h 9-lJ: Voting. 

Dra·stic UCSD Energy Cut Asked 
by Joel C. DoD 

AlI8Gdate New. EdItor 
In the wake of a Western drought 

and depleted gas and oil reserves, 
UCSD has adopted an energy 
conservation program with a goal 
of a 45 percent reduction in gas, 
electricity and water usage by 
1980. 

special warning stickers on light 
switches, modifications in the 
heating systems, reduction in the 
number of florescent lighting 
tubes and lowering the tem-
perature of hot water, Pettus said. 
Student awareness and utilities 
modification have already resulted 
in a 10 percent energy saving. 

said, and suggested that if students 
get involved in the program, they 
might benefit financially from 
their conservation efforts. 

SubstaDUaISavtogs 
The 10 percent figure so far is a 

substantial energy budget savings 
of $15,000 and Pettus noted that any 
savings left at the end of the year 
could be applied to student in-
terests including dormitory 
revitalization, entertairunent or 
future energy conservation 
programs. Any budgetary 
reallocations with energy con-
servation savings will be 
prioritized with the advice of 
students, Pettus said. 

According to Bill Pettus, campwr 
energy conservation coordinator, 
the program is aimed at reducing 
energy consumption in both 
academic and research facilities 
and student housing. 

Although Pettus could not at-
tribute the bulk of the savings to 
student cooperation in the 
program, he hopes that students 
will take the conservation needs 
seriously. 

An effort to decrease energy use 
in the dormitories has included 

"A lot of the energy is controlled 
solely by the students," Pettus 

UNTIL TEMPER -

THIS IS I 

Pettus also stressed the need for 
total participation, by faculty and 
staff as well as students. "No one 
thing that anybody does seems like 
it saves," he insisted, and added 
that energy savings accumulate 
when "everybody" participates in 
the spirit of the program. 

In addition to his position as 
coordinator of energy con-
servation, Pettus provides support 
to the Energy Conservation 
Committee (ECC), a campuswide 
group of representatives con-
cerned with methods of reducing 
overall utilities usage. The com-
mittee also includes Kevin O'Neil, 
a student from Revelle College. 
~ Larry Barrett, director of 
e Housing and Food Services and a 
~ member of ECC, is currently 
m. working on a water usage 

~ reduction program. The project 
&. involves the installation. of 1,200 

, ~ new shower heads in all campus 

Sixty -five degrees is the new rule in all UCSD bUildings . Continued on Page 3 

29 Areas • 'Leaders" Identified 
McElroy Named San Diego Influential 

. Chancellor McElroy has become one of the 10 most 
mfluential persons in San Diego Affairs, according to 
~ . report compiled by the Western Behavioral 
Sciences Institute (WBSI). Mayor Wilson, Savings 
and Loans magnate Gordon Luke, and Copley Press 
publisher Helen Copley were the three most in-
fluential, while McElroy was named to the tenth 
position. 
. The story also identified 29 key leaders in the area, 
including nine businessmen, five politicians and two 
educators. Trends in the quality of life in San Diego 
and the changing power structure among influentials 
were also included in the report. 

Contrasting the power lineup of 1976 to 1969, WBSI 
found that only four people retained influence in the 
seven year span. Major trends in the conduct of San 

~iego affairs and its distribution of power were 
Identified as: the decline of business influence; 
educational and scientific interests becoming more 

r~cognizable in Ute face of a power void caused by 
diminishing corporate visibility and the expectation 
that future leadership will be broa~sed. 

The report made several comments concerning the 
9uality of life in San Diego, as was reflected during 
Interviews with the 29 inOuentials. I1Primary among 
~hese was the notion that nothinc much is happening 
In San Diego, a trend which started about five years 
ago. ldemlfled as the crucial causes of this stagnation 
were controlled growth, no urban redevelopment, few 
new bualneuea, a great amount 01 industrial 
management-level turnover and the lack of new 

culture in San Diego. 
Educational forces, including McElroy, were 

singled out by the WBSI as having "filled a void 
during corporate absence" but not having assumed 
more leadership, instead merely becoming 
recognizable. 

McElroy Disputes Report 
McElroy took issue with many of the report's 

claims, saying that his interacting with the Board of 
Overseers and the Chancellor'S Club (a group in-
cluding Wilson's wife, Copley and a mixture of people 
representing other San Diego interests) shows his 
desire to promote the community." Among the 
projects undertaken by the club was a review of plans 
for the La Jolla Village complex. 

McElroy sees San Diego as a "new enviorrunent, an 
all new conununity" that is still eeking the un-
derpinnings and stability necessary for a diversified 
climate. He explains that the lack -of culture in the 
region is not so much due to a shortage of effort by 
such innuentials as himself, but rather by the settling 
process San Diego is involved in. Moreover, in his 
view, the area is "much like Baltimore" in that 
people "do most of their entertaining at home." 

The WBSI re~rt also maintained that leadership in 
San Diego is I incestuous," the influentials all know 
each other. McElroy acceded to this assertation, 
stating that while he has "only been in the community 
five years, I know everyone on that list. " 

-David FrledmaD 

No Vote for Students 
On AS, Faculty Says 
Mail Vote Scheduled on Formalization 
Of Student Members on Committees 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

Students might be allowed to serve on Academic Senate (AS) com-
mittees, but they will not be able to vote on the panels as a result of action 
taken at Tuesday's AS meeting. This action amends a proposal before the 
AS Executive and Policy CoIlUlll£tee which would have granted students 
voting rights. 

The membership versus representative status of students serving on the 
committees is still under consideration br the AS. Discussion of the 
matter and a "straw vote" were initiated by Vice-chainnan John W. 
Miles. 

However, the Conunittee on Conunittees did not accept the contents of 
the proposed revision of policy that was to have been fonnally decided 
upon at the meeting. Miles spoke of a mail vote which is to take place 
after the proposal has been reconsidered by the Executive and Policy 
Committee. 

This latter Conunittee's report consisted of policy wording changes and 
a working outllne of the suggested committees on which students should 
participate and vote, plus designated graduate-undergraduate standing 
ofthose students. 

No Vote For Students 
Several points were made by AS members which led ultimately to their 

decision to omit the possibility of student voting rights. One faculty 
member said that committees rarely vote anyway, and only take a 
general concensus of opinion. Another member felt that even if 
students were given voting rights, 
they would still be excluded from 
voting on the major issues. 

Strongly stressed by all faculty 
members who spoke at the meeting 
was the difficulty of finding 
students to serve on the com-
mittees who actually represent the 
student body. Members viewed 

UC Fee Hike 
Repeal Aim of 
Assembly Bill 

student government at the UCSD (SACRAMENTO)-A resolution 
campus as an unstable and un- called on the UC Board of Regents 
defined entity, therefore rendering to rescind the increase in student 
difficult the task of accurately registration fees scheduled for this 
choosing student spokespersons fall was introduced by Assem-
who would in fact speak on behalf blymember Tom Bates (D-
of a designated student group. Oakland) last week. 

According to Avrum Stroll, AS The resolution (ACR 18), 
member, "If there was any originally sponsored by the UC 
argument for having the students Student Lobby, requests that the 
serve on the committees, it . would Regents cancel the $48 system-
be because you could not detect wide increase, and substitute in-
who they represent." Although dividual fee increases only on 
criticism of the undergraduate campuses that require them. 
situation . continued, members Speaking at a press conference 
were confident of the graduate in Berkeley on Friday, Bates said, 
student representation. " H the increase were to go into 

Graduate Student Council (GSC) effect, total attendance costs at the 
representative Mark Moehary University could exceed $4,000 per 
favored the idea of student vote, year per student (based on UC 
saying that "I can only see that the' estimates). This extremely high 
vote would strengthen the AS." He cost could well prevent low-income 
added that "I see no reason why students from attending the 

grad~te students should not be University." . 
voting here," Another GSC Stephen Arditti , UC Assistant 
representative, Kirstie Bellman, Legislative Representative in 
spoke favorably about the faculty Sacramento, said that all the 
response to graduate student campuses need an increase in 
participation on the committees. registration fees . 
" There has seldom been an oe- "Most of the money for fee-
casion when a graduate student funded activities goes to salaries," 
opinion has not been considered Arditti said. "These people get 

Continued on Page 3 Continued on Page 3 
=-~==----------------~----, 

Muir junior Steve Skubinno warily 
ey s a frozen yogurt cone. 

Frozen Yogurt 
ewChallenge 

To Ice Cream 
Baskin-Robbins would never 

The store, open since the oegmnmgj 
of the quarter, sells 
cones and sundaes near 
half the price of many other 
yogurt ouUets. 

Flavors at the bakery 
between vanilla, $traw 
lemon, raspberry and peach. 
yogurt, which is dispensed just 
soft ice cream, can be served on 
natural cone, if requested. I 
yogurt shak~s may also be 
eventually," Crone said. 

"The new ice cream and the 
cottage cheese" is 
people who cannot eat ice 
because of its high fat and 
content and those who 
foods containing 
Frozen yogurt has about 
calories per ounce, (about 1/2 
calories of ice cream) is 1 
percent fat and contains 
preservatives (though it does 
stabilizers and emulsifiers.) 

Although it has been 
priKIucej in California only 
state hlw requiring it 
processe j in a specially pnn«rnlll ...... 
dairy room was repealed on Jan. 1 
the business is attr ling 

~~;i'~~·"~hed:.~ t~ ~;~~ :sa~ 
Diego soon. Soft wirl. a loe 
di tributor, says that the pm." a 
most hops will d clin with j' 
crea e in d mand. 

·M Brien 



.... · 1 ~tte~·~ro~~~e~EdGtiro~r~--------------------~"=Lu=n=c~h="=I=ss=u=e==Ex=a=g=g=e=ra=t=ed~~ 
Blamed For Opinion letters ~ 

......... 1_..,. P'rIda" ... .....,. -,lITJ 

the Triton Times' aU8CD upon the 
, I feel that It is necessary to inlonn 

truth. 
Triton Times' attacks on the Coop 

have been t letters to the Editor, the editon 
always have the option of rebutting incorrect letters. 

The abMnce of rebuttals in this case is Inexcusable 
becaWie the Triton TImes knows the truth. 

Triton Times members were at botb the meeting m 
the 7 and that of the 14. In this lnatance, however, the 
Tr has !MIt only concealed the facts - it has endorsed 
the mislea~ and Inaccurate statements of tboee 
attempting to mislead the students. It has done this 
through the printing of the cartoon above Jeff Kanel's 
letter printed on the 11. 

At the meeting of Feb. 7, David Eisen told the Coop 
that the Triton Times would, in the future, attempt to 
be objective in Its coverage. Yet the very next week 
the Triton Times showed Its detennination to con-
tinue providing biased, irresponsible coverage. 

Jeff Kanel, in the first paragraph of his letter, 
displays his ignorance. While he has attended UCSD 
he apparently has never discovered that the purpose 
of the Coop is not to represent the students. The Coop 
is the students - not some unanswerable person 
elected at infrequent intervals to 'represent' the will 
of the students. 

He then goes on to claim that the group that he was 
with was not attempting to railroad the Coop, a 
totally absurd assertation. Andy Schneider, one of the 
instigators of the railroading attempt, admits in his 
letter to the Triton Times that he was involved in an 
attempt to railroad the Coop. 

Why were these 'leaders' attempting to railroad the 
Coop? Because they had failed in an attempt to 
override the will of the students. The Comprehensive 
Petition was signed by several hundred students in an 
amazing display of detennination to place vital 
issues before the students in the upcoming referen-
dum. 

Jeff's letter also ignores the fact that the Open 
Letter to the UCSD cormnunity does not call him an 
idiot - it merely states that he was mislead. Nowhere 

In the letter is anyone called a robot - Instead those 
who came are commended for "thinking they were 
defending democracy" and are invited to come to the 
next meeting. 

In the next paragraph Jeff again expressed the 
Incorrect belief that members of the Coop are at-
tempting to represent him. The Coop is participatory, 
not representative government. We hold that only the 
Individual is fully capable of expressing himself and 
welcome anyone to come to any meeting to fulfill that buk. . 

The Comprehenslvl! Petition contains many im-
portant issues which the students have an opportunity 
to respond to. M anyone reading the Petition can 
InstanUy tell, its purpose ts to poll the studenl8 on a 
variety of relevant issues. I am totally dlsheartened 
by Jeff's expressed bellef that the Elections Board 
might not approve of polling the students on relevant 
issues. 

In regards to Jeff's opinion that the Coop ts a dic-
tatorship I can only recommend that he make a less 
biased study - the Coop is functional only through 
student participation. I the students disapprove of 
the actions of the Coop they can attend meetings and 
have these decisions changed for the very nature of 
the Coop guarantees and necessitates student input. 

In conclusion I would like to mention that most of 
those people at the February seventh meeting also 
attended the February 14 meeting and were able to 
work within the framework of the Coop and helped 
elect a number of coordinators, along with other 
officers. A great deal of business was also dealt with 
as the Coop once again showed the value of par-
ticipatory government. 

The meeting of Feb. 7 was a test of strength for 
participatory govenunent and the Coop came 
through intact. I hope that all those who have issues 
they want acted upon and those students who wish to 
participate in student government continue to attend 
Coop meetings. Without student support the Coop can 
accomplish nothing - with it we have an invaluable 
forum and an example oftrue student democracy. 

JONBEKKEN 

Bike Shop Not Profit-Motivated Commentary 
Are Students 
Bulldozed by 
Rec Center? 

I wish to clarify two statements made in your article "Dispute Goes 
On While Bike Shop Sales Boom" (February 14,1977. ) 

1) For several days last week, our business averaged 60 per cent . 
higher than usual for this time of year. 'We attribute this to the fact that 
many students believed we would be closed shortly and with little prior 
notice, coupled with the increased exposure we have been getting 
through the news media. We soon expect to see an equal decrease ; our 
monthly sales figures should be no different from the figures over the 
past several months. 

2) The only "damage" this dispute has possibly done to local bike shop 
owners has been wrought by themselves. If the UCSD Bike Shop were 
closed, the negligible increase in their sales would not be anywhere near 
worth the time and money they have put into their fight. 

I sincerely hope that these statements were not misconstrued; we are 
in no way interested in making profits or competing with local bike 
shops. 

JEFF SMITH 
UCSD Bike Shop 

Coops Need StudentSupport 

It is absolutely amazing how 
badly the administration is willing 
to illustrate the axiom that when 
money and power are on the side of 
the initiator, action will precede 
(and eventually evade ,) 
evaluation. 

The particular case I have in 
mind is that of UCSD's so-ealled 
"Lifetime Recreation Center." 
The impression I have received 
from the administration, through 
its principle organ of 
dissemination - the Triton Times, 
is that this project lies far enough 

I reaUze that without Itudents, there wouldn't be a university. I also 
reaijze that without faculty and staff, there would not be a unfversity. 
'J)erefore, I resent your editorial cited above in which you state 
" ... departments have shown regard for student needs." Since we must 
all work together, how about our needs? 

Your statement " .. .students whose question caMot walt Wltil 
lunchtime is over, or who only have time to phone during that period" 
strains my credibility. Thirty minutes out of the day is "luncltlme" and 
I am bl my office at a am or earlier until 4 : 30 or later each working day 
attending to my job and attendHtg to the needs of the students. ' 

This whole things strikes me as a tempest in a teapot, or is there just a 
paucity of issues to protest these days? . 

Wc.'re .$ocrj (1'1IJAU.fI,l'1uA)eH), bvt 
"u""~r yov I,..v(. ~o.(.~~ ',S 
V.~ff' (Hort,,) ~""f.0"""':Y 0111 
a( sef'vl'c< (sLURP) ... -11,,':, is 
Q ~ <c,,,d: .. ~ ... (aHa) 

HIRLEY HOMEWOOD 
Secretary 

I accuse the Triton Times of a blatant distortion of facts in the 
editorial titled "Express Ourselves," in the February 14 issue. From 
that editorial- "We feel it was wrong for the Elections Board to accept 
the Student Cooperative Union's Comprehensive Questions Petitio 
after the authors failed to comply with the regulations set down by th 
Board." 

The distortion comes in the use of "re~ulations" in the place wher 
the word "guidelines" should have been. This was one of the less subtlel 
examples of a prejudice I have 'seen in the Triton Times coverage of the 
referendum. 

In light of the above, I believe that a sentence from the same editorial 
- "For our part, we will provide extensive coverage of the referendum 

. .. ." should be changed to - For our part, we will provide incorrect 
coverage regarding the referendum .. . 

SCOTT ElJSBERG 

·The San Diego City Council has recently passed a proposal that asks 
the Regents of the University to tenninate UCSD's Bike Coop as a 
bicycle retailer. This action, as well as the University administration's 
past and future response, raises a host of questions which are of vital 
interest to the University conununity. 

First, what are the public issues surrounding closure of the Bike 
Coop? Although a group of local bicycle dealers have been complaining 
for years that the Coop engages in " unfair competition," their charges 
have consistently been based on false information. 

in the future for full evaluation and ~=:~~~iJ~~~~~~::~~~~ discussion of its merits and . -
drawbacks to be undertaken. This ----~~-= --~ 
impression has been further ----::---:-~.~ .~.~ . -.~-~ ~--- :.:::- ~''''':'----~-

For example, they have claimed that the Coop has the advantage of 
cheap labor by paying below minimum wage, when in fact they pay 
above minimum wage. They also encouraged a highly distorted picture 
of the real volume of business done by the Coop, inflating their gross 
income by several times the real figure . Their refusal to seek out the 
facts is remarkable. 

Even more interesting is their solution : close down the Bike Coop 
entirely. More than a touch of greed for the stude:lt market is evident in 
their efforts, especially wben the most vocal of the bike shop retailers 
owns three shops within 10 miles of the University. 

augmented by the presence of a 
question concerning the recreation 
center on the comprehensive 
referendum ballot. 

The questions involved in this 
issue are by no means minor. 
Included in it are considerations of 
the environment (and the rapid 
disappearance of 'unimproved' 
land from the north-<:ity area), of 
priorities for education ; of conflict 

of interest (think of what will 
happen to adjoining property 
values when a country-club ap-
pears on the scene ); of real need 
(especially with two other golf 
courses so near-by), and of process 
and legality. 

In any case, it is in light of all this 
that I was so dumbstruck to see a 
horde of dirt-haulers and 

bulldozers parked on the property 
last Monday afternoon, and 
beginning operations last Wed-
nesday morning. It is a figurative, 
as well as a literal, bulldozing that 
is going on, and in the face of un-
matched student apathy I'm sure 
the worst is yet to come. 

BLAISE TOBIA, 
Vis. Arts Grad 

Second, what sort of response can the Coop expect from the Univer-
sity administration? Although the City Council has no more legal 
authority than an advisory one, the University has seemed overanxious 
to avoid making waves in the local business community. 

Remove Elitist Entrance Requirements 
Even before the City Council made its decision, Vice-chancellor of 

Studert ~ffairs George Murphy requested the Bike Coop to sell only to 
studert Although the action was later overridden 'by Chancellor 

McElro~ in a move to "wait and see ," the readiness of the University to 
force . 'compromises" in an atmosphere of artificially created options is 
notew·,rihy. 

Thil d, what ar"! the kml!-tenn effects of a restraining University 
policy on Coops? Surely the other coops, :iuch as the Print Coop, the 
Used "look Coop, the Groundwork Books are now open to administrative 
straign£acketing whenever the local business cotrununity becomes 
greed I student dollars. 

ThLe; affects more than just coop •. For example, It precludes any 
possikoltlty that the University Regents Bookstore would choose to use 
its sLrPlus capital for discoWlts rather than Its present policy of 
phYSical expansion. 

The local business people must be denied student support through 
boycott. The University administration should be persuaded not to act 
upon the Council's recommendation. And finally, the coops should be 
supported. They're here for you. 

lJNCOLN CUSHING 
JEFF SMITH 

UCSD Prlnt-Coop 

This is a late rebuttal to an ar-
ticle by Ran Anbar that appeared 
in the January 26 issue of Triton 
Times. In a rambling diatrihe 
sprawled over two pages Anbar 
endorsed entrance requirements 
as : "Needed and Important." 

Entrance requirements are not 
needed, and they are only im-
portant to those who wish to per-
petuate the eJWst structure of post-
secondary education in the U.S. 

He says that an easing of the 
entrance requirements: 
" .. . necessarlly decreases the 
quaUty of the average student, 
since students who were prevlous!y 
judged to be lower in potential than 
other UC students are now allowed 
Into the system. And ... grading 
standards are eased - not 
necessarily because the professors 

wish to do so, but because they find 
that their examination curves are 
lower." 

This is a total non sequitur. In 
fact, there is no reason why grade 
inflation couldn't be eliminated 
along with entrance requirements. 

Anbar's conclusions were based 
upon the fallacy that IQ tests, SAT 
scores and grades are accurate 
detenninants of Inteiligence or, at 
least, educatability. 

By overemphasizing high school 
transcripts, universities con-
sistently reject the molt brilliant 
and productive members of 
society. 

Thomas Edison, with a third 
grade education, probably 
"ouIdn't have done weD on a SAT 
test , Einstein wouldn't have been 
accepted to UCSD, he didn't have 

the grades. Harry Truman would 
have been laughed out of the ad-
missions office. 

Currently, a disproportionate 
number of grade sycophants, 
confonnists, Young Republicans 
for Nixon and chronic premeds are 
allowed "'n" while someone 
equally qualified - and who paid 
the same amount of taxes - is 
rejected. 

I agree with Ran that there are 
some frankly dumb students here 
who would be better off at another 
school, and that these students cit 
in fact lower the curves OIl tests. 

But the correlation between high 
school grada IIId poet4eCQllda1')' 
performance Ia not ItronI eaough 
to Insure that the8e people will be 
kept out. More llrlnIent Id-

CoD ............ . 

Friday, re ..... ry II, 1m 

Student Given Award 
For Civic 'Service 

byv ..... Grielo 
Staff Writer 

Judd Westover, a second year medical student, has been singled out 
for special recopitlon by the CIBA Pharmaceutical Company as the 
1977 recipient of ail annual award given out by CIBA. ' 

, 

',' 

• rI'ull.lnle'S 

The award is designed to recognize selected students for outstanding 
personal. contributiCIIII to the community. In Westover's case the 
communIty he is aenrlng ts that of the medical school. 
. He was chosen for his efforts with the Task Force on Student Life, 

his membership on the Sludent Affair Committee, and hIS work for the 
Recruitment and Admlss10ns Committee. 

Academic Senate ... 
[Continued from 11 

and taken into account." 
The. award ~ of a six .volume set of Netter Atlases which 

contam outstanding anatonuC/ll drawings depicting surgical 
procedures. . 

Miles stated, after some 
diSCUSSion, that "without taking 
any position on the question of 
voting rights, members of the 
Committee felt that it was not a 
major issue," although there was 
no unanimity on this point. "On the 
other hand," he said, "the students 
did not feel this way ... 

Energy Cut .. 
[Contfllued from 1] 

donnitories. 
Barrett said as much as '15,000 

could be saved in the heating of the 
water alone. 

Solar lleatlq Syltem 
Barrett also noted that an ex-

perimental solar heating system is 
being installed in one of the Third 
College residence units. , The 
project, sponsored by the AMES 
Department, is set to heat water 
systems and if successful, will be 
expanded to include other 
residence units. , 

In tenns of the energy problem, 
Barrett suggested that the student 

co~unity must learn to alter 
theIr energy consumption habits 
':We're trying to change the at: 
tit~de:' o~ a. lot m people," Barrett 
S81d, mslsting that students must 

~ made "aware" of the current 
dilemma. 

If energy conservation results in 
monetary savings, Barrett is In-
terested in seeing how students 
want their money spent. He en-
couraged "student input" or 
suggestions on energy con-
servation ideas to see "how the 
customer, who is actually footing 
the bill, would like to see their 
savings spent. " 

Ubnry Report 
Additional agenda items In-

cluded a library report by 
Statewide Library Col'lll11ittee 
Chairman Andrew Wright 
speaking for Russ DoolitUe wh~ 
was unable to attend the meeting. 
Wright reported that the proposed 
Salmon plan (Triton Times, Jan. 
10), which would relocate a 
significant portion of UCSD' 
research 't9!umes, appeared to be 

triton times 

Entrance Requirements. .. 
David Elsen - encull .. editor 
Marl< Stad ler- Monoglng editor 

Alan Russell - N .... editor 

Contil!ued from PBle Z 
missions standards would, 
however, deprive many intelligent 
people of the theoretical, grad-
school-oriented education that they 
deserve. 

Lastly, the present elitist policies 
insure that a graduate of Harvard 
will get a certain job before a 
graduate of UCSD.who is equally 
qualified; and a graduate of UCSD 

HELP 
( IOSl'-out our stock 
Entirl' Gift. kwdry 

Plant InVt:ntory 

30-700/0 
OFF 

THE DAISY PA T(H 
44 0 Pl'a rl 51. La Jolla 

(a ross from Baskin Robbins) 
No ddivl'ry please 

PHYGIENE· Therapeutic soep 
SUbslitute. Flll'lta511c dry skin 
cleanse. $1.99 
MEDlCElJIlCAL Rx· Profession· I 
al skin care lor Itchy. oily scalp, 
acne, minor skin abrasions $1.39 
PRECIOUS PIJ\CENT A·rich 
moisturizing cnme. Made &an 
~ 0IgIInIc plianta. Helps to 

will get a job before a graduate of 
San Diego State. 
. Educational McCarthyism 

cannot, and will not, last. A 
university's reputation is not based 
I1P.OD th~ quality of its applicants 
but ~. Its graduates. With open 
admissIOns, the maxim "To each 
according to his talents" will be 
realized. 

PAUL WOLF 

charier' 
Ovtr 1776 Cltents Ii,.... '962 Son DIego', most • __ Chatltf Co 

EUROPE from '327 
......... ·n 

2.3 .• • 5.6 10 24 -. dvI.11OII 10 9 CI,i., 
No clubs 10 jOin. no I ... ond SAVE 10 60'11. 
HAWAII from '179 

Also New v",~. Chicl9o. OIieflL 

Alae Nedelman · A.locl.t. N .... editor 
Gary Ghlra rdi · Ad .. rtlalng MIII..-

Shauna Stokes· Production Manoover 
Soe Nealon . Copy edllor 
Ran Anbar· OpinIon iditOl 

Tim MacKenzie · An. editor 
Sco" Sadll - Sport. iditOl 
Bill Brooks - Photoldltor 
Joel C. Oon - AssocIate New. edit"" 
Vera T QdorOl/. Community editor 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

com e and hear 
Dr. John Wight, O.D. 

on 

"Making 
Relationships 

Work" 
This Sunday 1 0 :45am; 

715 SlIYenNI, 
LoJo. 

.. *****************************t 

t LEAR abOullhal : i you're lollna on : 
.. .. i Schedule of Events a 
~ .. ! February26 CO·OP Special Session, 12~O -5:O0 North Conference ! 
• Room, Student Center ;: 
.. .. 

.. March 3 Revelle Center Issues & Answers Night 7:30 pm., .. 

.. Revelle Cafeteria .. 

.. .. 

: . Information Bazarre/ Noon Concert Student Center : 
.. M1rcf14 12:00 Noon ' .. 
.. .. 

.. .. 

.. March 5 - CO-OP Special Session, 12 :00 -5~0 North Con . .. 
iI ference Room, Student Center • 
.. * .. .. 

... ~ tbt. an. 0. 
PrIce S 1. 98 

VilLAGE 
SUPPLY 

737 PEARL 
000'1 be mist ....... . The address 01 OUr 
Plaza Is On /'Mrl but our entrlne. I. oil 
OIJr Iree partllng lot on Eads.lus\lOuth 01 
Pe rl In the new bUildIng with Lord 

SBryon's COOIIIes. Dick '. liquor ond file oup E.ehlnge . 

.. MIrcfI. - Fourth Collegp, Debates, 7:30 p.m. Fourth College * 

.. ~~~ * 

.. .. 

.. M1rcf19 .. 

iii MIrth 10 - VOTE at the Bookstore, Student Center, MUir~ , : MIrth 11 Revelle Plaza, Third Cafeteria. * ( . : 
**~*************************** 

in i~ revised form, ready for the plan," said Abel, adding that "I 
adoption by the end of Spring am looking forward to the next 
quarter. Wright viewed the report." A~~" while . considering 
reaction of the Library Council to th~ plan, saId Some kind of plan is 
the proposal as "tame" and gomg to go forward. I have been 
conunented that ua;o was the concentrating my energies toward 
onlr UC campus to register any that plan and the results will be 
defmite opposition to the plan. good for us and not bad." 

Recently appointed University The Conunittee on Rules and 
Li brarian, Penny Ahel was Jurisdiction proposed a "non-
somewhat more optimistic when substantive change in wording" to 
conunenting on the proposal. the P/NP grading policies. The 
"From my discussions with Mr. actual policy was unaltered, and 
Salmon, there will be considerable the AS passed the amendment 
modification in the next version of unanimously. 

UC Fee Hike Repeal Sought .. 
[Continued from 1] 

salary increases. 
The registration fee has not been 
~creased since 1968, and the ($48) 
I/lCrease probably won't even 
cover the cost~f-living increases." 

Arditti said that without the fee 
increase there would probably be a 
"very significant reduction in (f~ 
funded) services. " 

The Regents authorized the 
chan~Uors of the nine campuses 
to raISe their registration fees as 
needed. But the increase may be no 

more than $24 a year, and the total 
annual registration fee may not 
exceea $393. UCLA, Berkeley and 
UC San Francisco will all raise 
their. registration fees to the 
maxlmum allowed ($372) for 1977-
78. At UCSD, fees will be raised to 
$360. 

Bates' resolution also asks the 
Regents to give Student 
Registration Fee Communitees 
already in existence on each 
campus, equal decision making 
power with their Chancellor in 

the fees that are 
The Triton Times Is publi shed by UCSD students , ollielal student newspa 

Publlcatioo Is . on MO~days . Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school ::; 
(except 00 olhclal holidays'. Ed itorial and business oltlces are located In the Student 
Center at the UnIversity of Celifornla. San Diego. For editorial . call 452·3<166' for bU In 

, and display advertising , call 452-3468. • s ess 
Letters to the editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissions must be typed 

and double-spaced on a 74-space lino. They should not exceed 1-112 pages in length 
Submllled material must bear the name and student Identification number 01 the ';"thor 

Names ~~ be withheld Irom publication on request ; however the nnes will be held on ' I ~ 
lor publiC Inspection. 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submiSSions because 01 space l iml1ations or 
style requirements . 

enti~e cOOlents Copyrighl1977lho Tr"on Times. 

Tile GNat Haircut Place ~a8 
. Cru 

ilrop ill for 8. fRE<E PERSON~ ~(l 
9443uJofIaBlvd ~ '6 
454·3038 ~ ~ 
Men & women .. we specialize in haircutti~ only _ ~ ~ 

I~Il>~l>11lS~;) !)NI1Al.~ ~~'t.. 



UCSD Basketball 76-77 
BySeoUSadD 
Sporil EdHor 

Saturday. 19. a pm. Varsity Basketball. Main Gym. UC San 
Diego vs. Swtbern College. Free. . 

I put on l':1y tennis shoes and grabbed some other specl8l equlpment and 
drove my F9I"d to school for one last shot at finishing the job: Whyarelwere 
the 76-71 Tritons such a lousy basketball team? 

It was UCSD's last home game of the year. My last chance to collect new 
clues and try out old theories. (I had atn;ady ~ei!ed a notice from the City 
stating that I was being barred from Uruversaty High because of what I did 
last year to that popcorn vender who tried to overcharge me. The Tritons 
ended their dismal season Tuesday night at Uni with a big ~1 win over 
Point Loma. Rah.) •••• 

I walked iIto the half~mpty gym, worried. But not as worried as I would 
be if I had a salaried job to think about. 

Tonight the information to solve tiM: case had bette~ fall in place,l thought 
to myself. Tonight or else. Or else what? Or else nothing. 

I sat and watchetl UCSD lose again. 5IHi4. It wasn't a bad game. Close 

BALLET ' MODERN ' JAn INTERNATIONAL FOLK DANCING 
CREAnVE ' TAP ' DRAMA EVERY FRIDAY 

8PM 
230 BIRMINGHAM 

CARDIFF·BY· THE·SEA 
436-3733 

UC San Diego Campus Program Board 
presents 

The San Francisco 
Mime 
Troupe 

}'a1se Promises/Nos Enqanaron 
March 8, 8:00·p .m . 

Mandt'villt' Auditorium 
Studt'nts : $2 .00, G.A. $3 .50 

Tickt'ts: UC San Dit'go Box Offict' 
, 452-4559 

D.S.U. 
• 

right up to the end. But close Isn't any good. I!OSIJeClauy 
consecutive defeats. 

Another damn loss. Why? During the game I checked out everyone that 
might be linked to the Triton's demlse. But 1 was past caring about whose 
fault this season-long mess was. I just wanted the truth. 

• • • • A one-win league season and only four victories out of a total of twenty-
eight games. Not a good record for a basketball team. 

Last year, the Tritons came within a couple close games of making the 
playoffs. The season prior to that they did earn a spot in post-season com-
petition, only to be disqualified when a player was found out to be 
academically inelegible. So forget the line that UCSD can't be competitive 
without a big athletic program and scholarshipped ath1ets. 

But this year UCSD came about as close to a playoff berth as they did to 
Farrah Fawcett's belly button. What were the reasons? 

• • • • 
I spotted the two referees scheduled to call the game. My stomach 

jumped around like a headless chieken. Mike Baalo and Sam Mallickot. 
Referees can determine the outcome of any game, every game. Baalo is a 
short, black-haired squirrel with a face like a bucket of mud. Mallickot, old 
and tough with neat1y-combed greasy hair and questionable blowing habits, 
isn't much better. They were both wearing Banlon Blue bowling shirts, the 
new kind without buttons. I wouldn't trust them refing a game of Russian 
roulette. 

• • • • 
An informed source told me that the scoreboard-clock operator was ac-

ting sort of strange. 
"You mean Pat Patrick "I said. 
"Yeah, that Drunk," my source said with a spit. "Three times during the 

JV game he let at least a minute run off the clock while the ball was dead." 
I. looked over at the ancient, silver-lipped timer. He smelled like a 

taxidermist's handkerchief. 
Mallickott walked over to the scorer's table and asked Patrick, "How's the 

clock running?" 
"Just fine, Mr.Official," said Patrick, "just fine ." His voice seemed full of 

baked potato. 
"No problems with the clock?" _ 
"No, no problems. And if there was, we'd just have to rectify them, 

wouldn't we?" 
Patrick's not on the take. He's just-not much at pushing buttons. 
The game began. 80 th teams started well . UCSD was patient, working for 

open shots, and making them. see, led by Raopy Adams at center and Fred 
Glasier everywhere, maneuvered inside the Triton's defense for close-in 
shots. 

I watched Bob Frazier throw up a hanging, reverse, please-god, fiftee~ 
foot high, one-foot long scoop shot. It went in . Frazier showed as much 
surprise as a brick wall. UeSD ahead by one, midwly through the half. 

Frazier, I knew he had problems all year long with Ken Melvin. Leader-
ship conflict. The two got along like sunburned r.attlesnakes. Fra~ier often 
played exceptionally well for the Tritons this year, especially on offense. But 
he was inconsistent. . 

To my right, Dean Patterson, UCSD's official statistician, unofficial 
assistant coach, team friend, consultant, psychiatrist, sideline referee, 
cynic, and general basketballlmow-it-all, deJ.i vered omniptltent narration: 
"He travelled ... Pushed off ... Look at that girl...His shoe's untied ... Good 
shot. .. That guy just went up for a dunk but didn 't get high enough so he didn't 
know what to do ... Yes ... No ... " while simultaneously keeping nawless record 
of every rebound, shot, assist, and turnover in game. 
If every member of the Triton Basketball Family had done his job as 

skillfully as Patterson did his, UCSD might have been more than the tooth-
picks and toilet paper of the league. 

• • • • 
I cut to Dick Satterlee. I carefully studied the UCSD coach as Ken Stark, 

the smallest player on the court, started a drive to the basket and ended up 
on the floor with two see players. Charging. 

Satterlee yanks Stark out of the game. Tom Omalev lets fly with a shot 
from just this side of the Mandeville Center. Satterlee's face looks as if he 
swallowed a bee. 

"I don't understand it," Satterlee moans to no one in particular. He 
sounds like he gargled with clam shells. "I just pulled Stark out for that ..... 

Frazier releases a twenty-five-foot bomb. 
"Oh, Bleep!" shouts Satterlee. "Nichloson, go in for Frazier!" 
But the next time down the court Frazier drives the lane and scores a left-

go-right right-hand lay-in. Satterlee's right arm shoots out and he motions 

•• • • 
• • •• DISABLED STUDENT'S UNION 

PR'ESENTS: 

IN A FREE DANCE! 
MUSIC BY 

"TRUE DEVOTION" 
+ THE REC. GYM. U.C.S.D. 

The action starts at 7:30 P.M. with a wheelchair basketball game 
between the San Diego Silver Wheels & a special guest UCSD team. 

Then from 9-12 TRUE DEVOTION will take over for a night to end 
all nights. ~ Feb. 25 . FOR MORE INFORMATION CAll: 452-3961 It 

Dara In Revele Cafeteria 

-

The Finest 
Complimented 

UCS 
HEAD 

Ashe Camp Framl 

$44.00 

Reg. S55.00 

$24.95 

THB 
IN THE NEW 

$1 .99 

BATA 
POLYMATCH 

Canvas Tennis Shnp 

Reg. S14.99 

-

FrIday, February.,Z5, 1977 Page 5 

with a No-No look on his face for Nicholson to remain seated. Satterlee waits 
another 30 seconds before pulling Frazier. "Relaxing through another game ," he said to Patterson .Sa~erlee didn't have much to work with this year. And he dl'dn't do much "Yeah," said Dean, " this one is easy." 
With It either.. "Sur~, easy," M~llickot said, dripping like an ice cuhe in an oven. 

• • • I beb~ved the shff. He was doing the game for his 25 bucks. Nothing else. I 
34-34. Halftime. I leaned back in the bleachers wondering what SQrt of man threw him a t~wel. Toss out another possible cause of the great UCSD fiasco 

becomes a basketball coach. of 76-,77. And It looked as if I was going to be a part of it , too. That made me 
Eight short-skirted UCSD songleaders jetked my attention away from the feel like a punctured condom. 

thought. I'm a sucker for a lot of leg. They all had pretty faces, but not so Suddenly a fight broke out on the court. Or the start of a fight. Triton 
pretty that you would have to wear brass knuckles every time you took one of reserve Joe Greestein took a couple of stiff lefts to the face from an sec sub. 
them out. I had an idea that these girls could have caused a' couple Triton The punches weren't much, but no one likes knuckles rubbed on their cheek-
losses. H they had, I'd drop the case. bone. Melvin led a half-hearted UCSD charge of reinforcements. I searched 

Music sta~ed. It wa;' not stuff my grandmother would sing. "The minute the stands for the ~y t~t ha~ cussed out Melvin, just in case things got that 
you walked m the ,omt..." ~ere . was a lot of twirling scarfs, over-the- far. Bu~ ~.reensteUl decIded It would be better to discuss the problem like 
shoulder. glances,. Winks, plaYUlg With the hair, and the kind of sultry looks more Civilized folk, no one took Melvin seriously. Satterlee's c1amshel\ voice 
you feel Ul 'your hip p'ocket.. The crowd was too busy looking to do anything called back the troops, and the action stopped before anyone even had a 
morethan]ust.that . Hey big spender, spend a little dime on me ... " chance to loosen a tooth or two. 

I gave the girls what they wanted, a traditional but very succulent rasp- Something hit me -THWOPP! - like a Joe Frazier eggplant fist upside the 
berry. top of my head. I groaned. It was the piece of info I needed to wrap up the 

I looked around for the see cheerleaders. There were two males in the case. Maybe 1 had known it all along, but it took this lukewarm patty-cake 
group. Many people think that male cheerleaders are gay. Wrong. They're squabble to show me just how sweet and nice the Tritons had been all season. 
just guys that want to get laid. • • • • And playful. Whee, isn't basketball fun. A compromise and a buck-fifty will 

. The start of the second half brought my mind out from between my legs get you a sweaty jock in a gym. But not much else. 
and back to the basketball court. An instant before tip-off I realized that Lee 1 threw it in ,!ith everything else I had. I decided it was enough to go with. 
Brockett was not and had not been in the game. Twenty minutes of There were still loose ends, sure, and maybe some realities were a bit 
basketball and I hadn't noticed. Damn dope. I felt like an amputated leg. altered, but it would hold up in print. 

I spotted Broc~et on the bench. Why wasn't he playtng? My job was done. I would save questions of good and bad until I climbed 
Brockett prOVided a good deal or what little fuel the Tritons were able to into the shower. 

spark the flame with this year. He was UeSD's oniy legitimate rebounder. 
Most everyone else were missed-shot catchers. 

I checked an. informant to find out why Brockett wasn't playing. 
"Brockett's In the dog house ." 
"Bow wow," I said. 
But the Tritons were tied. Hmm. 
While l<>?king at the bench I assessed a few other UCSD reserves. 

Lyl~ Smlth: A dec~nt basketbal.1 player, until the opposition got serious. 
. Mark Runyan: Without the qUIckness or jumping ability of a really good 

big man, ~ut there's a lot more inside his warm-up jacket besides his jersey. 
Tom Nicholson : He'll be fine when he stops trying DOt to make mistakes 

and starts trying to make anything happen 
• • • • 

. ~eSD stay~ close. With just ten minutes left in the game Ken Melvin 
tWISted and Juked through the see defense and spun in a very sweet 
reverse lay·up , The ball going through the net made no more sound than a 
hand slipping into a mitten. Tritons ahead, 4241. The crowd shouted "Mel-
vin! Mel-vin!" The next time down the floor Melvin tried a double side-pump 
pass, threw the ball away, and I heard someone yell "Fucking Hot Dog!" I 
looked at the guy just in case he ever asked me for; match along an empty 
street. 

Melvin probably had more to do with everything the Tritons did this year-
some good, some bad-than anyone else on the team. It was his attitude 

Mel~ was as fickle as a drunk cop. One game he played like he had a heart 
as big as one of Mae West's hips. The I)ext game he was sending out vibes 
you could crack Brazil nuts on. 

Melvin played some outstanding basketball all season. Going one-on-one, 
or two, or three, he got a lot done all by himself. But gravy's no good unless 
you have the mashed potatoes to go with it. Melvin also led UCSD in assists. 
But when his teammates failed to catch his passes, even passes that were 
headed for B\a~ks Beach, Melvin w~uld scowl at them with disgust. Usually, 
however, MelVin was a ~tudy of cultivated coolness. The only way to possibly 
get a response out olhim after he performed one of his spectacular tricks 
was to call him "ZO!" as in "Kenzo!" as in Ken. Give us a clenched fist 

~~ , 
• • • • 

Regression, regression, regression, regression ... 
51-54. F~ur . mi.nutes remained. UCSD beh~d. I saw ex-Triton great 
~allory Mitchell In the comer of the gym, leaning against the wall, showing 
as much concern as a tombstone . I was running out of time to find answers. 

I turned and saw Lee Gardner take a pass underneath the basket jump up 
and. back a bit, collide with an see defender who had jumped up and forward 
a bit, and Gardner scored, only to have the basket nullified because of an 
offensive foul. Tough call. 

Gardner was the Triton's no-nonsense steadyman throughout the year. He 
averaged over 12 points a game, making better than 55 per cent of his shots 
and worked like a brick-layer on both the boards. Gardner was the perfect 
complimentary player, but, unfortunately, at times he was the best Triton on 
the court. 

• * • • 

There were less than two minutes left. UCSD trailed, 54-59. I wasn't con-
fident. Referee Mallickot came over to the scorer's table. 

Attention All Muir Students! 
There Will Be A 

Car Rally 
Tonight · February 25th · 6 PM 

Sl .00 per car MUIR PARKING LOT 
Prizes will be awarded to both 

the driver and navigator 
1.t prize · AM f FM DtGITAL CLOCK RADIO 
2nd prize · Tape Recorder 
3rd prize -lns1amatk: Camera 
Plus - Djnners & Gift certif icates 

Prizes from Hllvorson Co. & 
Tom Ham',lIghthouse 

Presented by D-House & Mu ir Res. Hall CounCil 

g:DlCI ~ampus Program Board Presents 
Friday and Saturday Night Rims 

Friday, February 25, 1977 
ROBIN AND MARION 
USB 2722, 7:00 and 9:30 pm 
$1.25 

AUDREY 
SEAN HEPBURN ROBERT 
CONNERY .. SHAW 

"ROBIN AND MARIAN" 
MCOI. WIlliAMSON 
, .. RICHARD HARRIS 

1I'G)cJ. ••• wtwd If\to LlftM-4 r1 

Saturday, February 26, 1977 
BUTLEY 
USB 2722, 7:00 and 9:30 pm 
S1 .00 at the Box Office 

BUTlEY is an outrageous, bitter, brilliant comedy about one 
harrowing day in the life of Ben Butley, an English lecturer at 
the Univeristy of London . 

There IS a 
difference!!! 
PRE~ARE FOR : 

MCAT ~f¥:!~~~': OAT .nd lU~ceSS 
s .... ncI_ LSlT Voluminous home GRE study m.teri.l. 
Cour_ thllt ... ARSa const.nlly updetod 

SPALDING 
World Opp.n Frame 

$24.95 

NOW you can buy top quality athletic shoes and get a FREE ' 
RESOLE . Choose from all the popular styles and makes. 
ADIDAS, NIKE , BROOKS, NEW BALANCE, K·SWISS, 
TRETORN, TIGER . 

O".T T.~f"'il iti"for .".. rw_ of cl_ 
CPAI' Je.on. one! for u. of supplement .. y m.t_i.l. 

Reg. 534 .95 FLEX M.k .... p. fOf ECFMG m i,.... IISIOns 
ADIDAS 

OL YMPIA 
Leather Racketball 

Shoe 

$22.95 Reg. S28.95 WHilE · U· WAIT RESOLING SERVICE WE RESOLE 

IIT'L MED 80S 
SAT - VAT 

SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2180 G.rnlt, Pacific Beoc:h 92109 

Phon. 114-210-6810 

~LAR PRICED ITEMS, WITH THIS ADVERTISEMENT •~_I •• LD EVERY MAKE ~. _ D OF TENNIS AND 
, Oualitv Athletic Shoes RUNNIN~ SHOE =tit 

a6SO VI. De Ie V .... 
Del Mar • 'H-U'S 

NOW OPEN SUNDAYS 11 AM to 5 PM WITH FACTORY 
4 .. 1 A Clliremont Dr. 273-0173 . ORIGINALS 

(North CI.iremont Square) ONl Y $10.95 
FREE RESOLES NOT AVAILABLE ON SALE SHOES. CLEATS OR SPIKES. 

eOUCATIONAL 
CENTER 

Br.ne .... i" mejor US eities 
end Switz_l.nd 



GU_ Spealrft'll:Rabbl.l.cob Fetter .nd 
Dr. ZIIlm.n M.gld. M.D. 

"The Right to Ole: A .Iewl.h Per.pectlve" 
TRADITIONAL SERYICE. LOTS OF SlNGINO 

FOOD WlU IE PROVIDED 
Fri. Feb. 25. ' :00. ConI. Rm. A 

SponlONCl by UJS 

DIM SUM 
ITEA CAKES) 

SERVED SAT . • SUN 

,SUN1HROUGHTHURS 
11 :00 TI LL . :00 
FRIANDSAT 

11:00 TILL 10:00 
CLOSED MONDAVS 

Lail'~i Ci"t3~111 
CNINE'E RESTAURANt 

4~e7 CONVOY $TREET 
'AN 01[00. CAL.IFORNIA 

- FUTURIHG-
Exquisite Cantonese Cuisine 

0 ..... To Go 

PHONE: 279·7151 

latest .fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses filted 
repairs 

hours mon - 110. 10.30 - 8'00 
sal 10·6 closed sundays 

ports arena blvd. 
(across t,om lhe SporIS a,enal 

224·2973 224·2974 

LOOK 
in the Course book Dept. 
I nventory reduction sale 
Feb 22·March 4, 1977 
SiEfIling overstock texts, 
L'sed paperbacks, reprints 
Old Editions, 
Pfices range from 
50% off list 

to 
. 05¢ each 

University Bookstore 
452-4557 

., 
.,' ,. 

triton times 

C lassifie.d Rales 
Sludenl ads • 25 cenls 
I'ItrlOnal.· 50 cent. 
LOSI and Found· I,ee 
Non·81udenlllds· $1 
Delldllne all pm. Iwo 
days prlo, 10 publication. 
Ads may be submltled 
bet_n 8-10 and 12·2 on 
MWF, 6-11 and 1-3 on Tlh. 
. . . 

WANTEd 
~rn $SO or more weekly al college In your 
spare time . . For Information rush 25 cenls 
and slamped sell·addressed envelope 10: 
BCA WeSI Cenler. P.O. Bo. 2056 . La Jolla , 
CA. 92008 (3/4) , 

ParI-lime lob open 41 In S.D. lor Inlo. send 
SASE 10 Dan Allen, Sierra Club. Box 486. Del 
Mar 92014 (2/25) 
Need e.lra cash? Paying Top Dollar for U.S, 
sliver coins before, 965. and pennies before 
'959. Ken 755-7371 (3121) 
Siereo components al whofesale prices. all 
major brands . all new. guaranleed , call Tod. 
755-7548 (3/9) 
Roommale: 10 share 3 bed,oom 2 bath condo 
oft easl gale mall easy bike ride April 1 at 452· 
1293 (2 /25) 

Miss Spring Valley Interesled In gett ing 
logelher wllh musicians tor tun or protil call 
4:;3-2856 

Wanled: Children ages 7-tO yrs for a 
psychology e.perimenl , currently being 
conduc led al Ihe psychology build ing on 
Mui,. The study will examine chlld,en's lever 
- pressing performance under va,lous 
scheduled of reward . and will lasl for a 
duration 01 12 mlns . Each child will be paid 
money for their participation. Please contacl 
Ihe Psych. Dept. al 452·JOOO , Thank·you. 
(2121 ) 

'67 VW Cus . Camper; propane slove, sink. 
Icebo, . new brl , yellow pl . rblt eng .. more! 
,6501 or ? 279·4105 eve_ (J 12) 

Available • vOling power. inlegrlly, 
rep,esenlallon and approachability . ASUCSD 
Is lorthe best. (2/25) 

Surfboard 7 ft . egg good condition $55 
motorcycle 76 Suzuki 400 Enduro perfect 
condo low mileage 436-1107 (2 /25) 
-

Leaving lor mld·easl muSI sell al below 
wholesale I 972 Datsun sedan automatic R&H 
good mpg 453-88116 (2/25) 

Led Zeppelin elevenlh row cenler lloor 
. sea l S! I Call Mike 225-8070 (2/23) 

Pel for sale ·· Burmese pylhon 7 fl . lemale 
she Is very docile & beaullJul animal. Call 
SCOII 453-96t 3 (2 /25) 

Ski bool s • Lange Phanloms . Size 10'1,· M 
Brand new. Worth St60 sell for $80. Call 7550 
4259 all. 6 p.m. (3/ '1 ) 

Scuba !)ear · Farmer John welsuil. hood , bell 
& weights. knife Brand new· used Ihrice Call 
755-4259 afl , 6 (3/ 11) 
1!j64 Glb~on LG2 steel SlriOQ accoustlcal 
gulla, Dyno SunburSI exclnl condo $175 Call 
272-,213 (2/23) 
TV · 9" BI W new. wor1<s super $50/offer skis 
K2 with bindings make offer Phil 459·8049 
(3/2) 

Led Zeppelin tlckels 41h and 51h row cenle,. 
also JETHRO TULL and BOSTON . Call Ralph 
453-6253 (2/25) 

64 Austin Healey JOOO MKII 64 289 Muslang 
Engine Aulo I,ans. Needs uphol. minor 
painl . Evenings 56()-'614 (2 125) 
Chevy van 1972 6 cyl cuslom throughout 
AMI FM 8 Irk Ice bo. super cond musl sell 
488-2668 keep Irying (2/25) 

LED ZEPPEUN call 452·93436 fronl row seal 
Forum. March 13th $65 each I beSI orter 
(2/25) 
Brand new Bayley suite lOP 01 a line used T 
swallowlall & 7'10" pinlall very cheap must 
sell call 453·9193 (3 (7) -
Led Zep l ickets SO March 8. Lower level . 3 
seals Irom floor call & make offe, ·· 226-8166. 
(2/ 28) 

FrIday, Jl'ebnary 11,1177 

1 
Led Zeppelin IIckelS e.cellenl seals Ca li 
453-6233 lor Inlo. (2/ 28) 

Texas Inst. SR16-11 with lIdapler. Haa log , 
e.p. memory. sqrt. won 't ,un on ballerle .... 
poly with ada pIer. $25 Slewart St,all 272. 
0532 .. ."lngs. 

10 speed: Aquila, 22" . all alloy. 28 Ibs. new 
condition $155 8·t,ack ca, slereo $20 2950 
7635(2/25) 
a .E. Slereo, twin speakers, good sound $SO 
~464 , (2/25) 

FLEETWOOD MAC xelnt tloo, and loge .... Is 
515 call 75S-0793 nlghls'or _nlngs. 

D,aft lng table adjustable homemade 
disassembles lamp Included $;16 .00 . 

Led Zeppelin tickets two . sec. 21 C asking $20 
bul will lake besl offer. Must &all now Claire 
453-4699. 

Honda 350 e.cellenl cond new ballery and 
lune up 73 22000mI . 5-450 or besl offer. Ca ll 
Sieve 755·7269 (2/ 4) 

10 Speed bicycle lor sale good condit ion 
simple." deraller S75 Marl< 756·1)473 (2/25) 
Gullar 035 acoustic good condition beautifu l 
tone case siand slrap indo S2OO.oo. 
Led Zeppelin San Diego sec. ~ _ts 1234 . 
also e.c and good loge. Call atte, 2:30 299-
2948. 

Hiking bools . size 9 used once. dldn't tit me, 
Vlbram Solea. S20 cost much more very 
stu,dy Cili. 453-3026. 

Moos 10 speed 21 " Schwinn Varsity very 
good condition S80 or best offer 452-8530 
Sieve (2/25) 
1973 Mazda perfecl _Condition only 1500 
please call 45J.7737 James (3/2) 
'89 Chevy penel truck V-8 auto. good eond. 
$1200 0' best offer must 1811 75508008 Ed 
keep Irylng. 
SIeve al the "T". Good wit. conce,n of let low 
workers and dedication are worth a lancy ass 
artist. G. 

Continued on Page 8 
,------';;...-----------------...,.._ ...... _.., .................. ' ............. . 

Photographic SuppUes 

Discount 

Expert Service 

Darkroom 
Supplies 

Quality Equipment 

Boh Da "is (. a IlH'ra Shop 
. - I I' • ! I I I ,1 ~ I' \ 

~COMMUNI·I·Y~ 
· . BLOODBANK~ 
· . 

· 
· 
· 

· 

983lndl. 
327 FStreet 

: PAYSDONORS 
· 
· for Service 

· 

Mon . • Fri. 
233-5481 
234·4601 

· ...............•................ 

original deSigns in clothing ' 
unique transfer t shirts, 

accessories 

1969 abbol I st .. ocean beach 
San Diego. Ca .• 92107 

"-' .1lIo. 'lwu $un • 11 '30 · 530 

Irllf .. uh ... 'S 
Unity in Diversity 

, 

Media Melange Displayed 
by Debbie Sebwanz 

Staff Writer 

"Aspects ba pen'ul cUffer; 
RestInI OD ''frame.''.lften! 
1be wider tile .,eeU'um ibid, 
'!be more ba~grated kbad! 

\ 
'!be more we bow 01 eaell part, 
'!be mere objective wtIdom·. 
beart! 
Unity eome. from Olver I'ty, 
WIlen bleDded unlven'ly!" 

These two verses from a poem by 
Eleanor M. Coleman describe an 
enlightening exhibit at the 
Quenzier Art Studio at 7919 Girard 
Avenue, La Jolla, better than any 
other words can. The exhibit is a 
result of the combined efforts of 
Coleman. a poet, Anne Varick. a 
sculptor and Cort Leigh Brandt, a 
painter. 

Although the artists represent a 
difference in techniques and in-
terests, these variables express 
essentially the same basic ideas. 
The paintings illustrate an interest 
in color. the sculptures. an interest 
in form and the poems, an interest 
in words. Each medium stands 
well on its own a~ far as lending 
itself to personal interpretation by 
the viewer. At the same time, the 
blending together of works into one 
exhibit intensified the expression 
of the ideas involved. 

Brandt studied at the University 
of Arizona and Columbia 
University as well as under artists 
Diego Rivera and Alexander 
Calder. His colorful paintings show 
divided spatial areas combining to 
create unified fonns. Some of his 
works seem to present a 
microscopic view of life by 
revealing the multi ceUuJar 
structure behind every earthly 
form. 

The beautiful. soft. rounded 
bronze and pewter sculptures by 
Varick seem to portray an inner 
peace and quietude . The theme of 
unity/diversity is especially 
prevalent in a rotating sculpture 
that reveals three figures 
emerging from the same mass. 
which represents a fourth figure 
formed from the unification of the 
other three. 

Coleman's poetry most 
adequately states the theme of the 
exhibit in the verses quoted above. 
Her poetry explores the inner 
landscape of the mind. heart and 
soul and she refers to her poems as 
"thoughtscapes." She is also In-
terested in the common inner unity 

BYTE SHOP 
n..AHordaW. 
Compu'er Stor. 
8250· H VICKERS ST. 

SAN DIEGO , CA 8211 1 

(714) 5e5 ·S00e 

Happy Hour 
Eva, clay of the year. 
2·7 pm •• ' Pm .... 
br .... at 85 cena • 
... .,laotudc.1d 
...... · .... wa.c ... 
eoo ••• d .... r •• 
....... 

RESERVATIONS: 
419-1141 

of all pieces ofart. "Man's ideas on 
" inner," fonn; then through outer 
we perfonn!" "Gracious patterns 
ever dance, sharing vastness in 
advance." 

Although the basic theme of the 
exhibit deals with diversity in 

fonns of self~xpression and unity 
in inner fonn of ideas, the artists 
also put forth the idea that the 
purity of a work of art is created 
through a blending of the "heart" 
and "mind." The exhibit will 
continue through this weekend. 

concert scene 
The San Diego area is 

scheduled to be inundated by 
concerts over the next two 
months. 

Fleetwood Mac returns to the 
Sports Arena. March 1 at 7:30. 
The tour coincides with the 
release of the new Rumours LP. 

Dolly Parton, the blonde 
bombshell of Nashville, will 
perfonn March 2 at Golden 
Hall . 

Grammy winning jazz 
guitarist Goerge Benson comes 
to San Diego March 5 with a 

show at Golden Hall . 
Queen and Thin Lizzy are 

scheduled to appear at the 
Sports Arena March 5at 7:30. 

Canadian balladeer. 
composer Gordon Lightfood has 
a March 6 date scheduled for 
Golden Hall. The show starts at 
8. 

America brings its special 
blend of pop music to the Sports 
Arena on March 11 at7 :30. 

On March 13, Boston and 
Starcastle will appear at the 
Sports Arena. 

STEVE WOlf & JIM R'SSMILLER 
IN COORDINATION WITH KPRI ANNOUNCE . •• 

rr.lr 
TUESDAY MARCH 1 

IIOBI ~IN¥., ,.., 
All $lIts .'II"etI: s+:,. . . ~s' (includes ,arkinl) 

nc_ ••• _ it-lin 1111 ~ •• _ ' , "'M. 
All -. Tlcillt _,.., .,.... ___ n ... , Drlkt. 

ror __ .111 ~17'. 

ALL ~ECORDS & TAPES $1.98! 

OCEAN BEACH 

CHULA VISTA SAN DIEDD 
,~7~ Vd 422-9/31 7 rh I, F 'I. 231)-'1~.~, 

ARCAUYL. 
~U51r:. U~ 

EveIYthing's At the Top! 
DIning . Cocktail. • Dancing to live en· 
tert.lnment. An elegant eleventh floor ocean· view 
atmoephen where c •• ualatUre and comfort rulell . 

Sunday Buff.t Bnanch. 10·2:30 14.85. JuIce., 
lnal... .. .. d. three hot entna. egg •• bnakfa.t 
m ..... muchmore. 

Dinner fro .. 6 p.m. nightly. Gourmet food. : prime 
rib. reck 01 "mb, beef Wellington. .eafood. • 
• ..... duddlng. m.ny ".I.electloM. 

TORREY PINES ROAD AT 
LA.IOIJ.A SHORES DRIVE 

WOLF & RISSMIUER CONCERTS 
IN ASSOCIATION WITH JOHN REjD ENTERPRISrS INC. 

I'fIU(IITIIH ' 

SATURDAY MARCH 5 
aa.1· ..... · .... All _ ....... "'75. 5.71. (1" __ 111 

TIc_ .......... All .11_ .. •• _ , .... -. All _ Tidtot _,..,.,.... _ TlcUlOIIIc • . 
For ___ <111224-417 •. 

..... iiiiiIII 

SATURDAY MARCH 5 
SAN DIEGO CIVIC THEATER 

All $tlh hsentd: '&.50 . 5. 
Tickets Av"llble at ~n Ole,o CIVIC Thut,e 

3rd and " 8" Streets. Hi,hllooer Men's Stores tnd 
For ufformallon call 236-6510 

,...- U C San lJego Campus Program Board presents 

RONNIE LAWS ANd PRES5VRE 
March 13. 8:00pm 

UC5DGym 
UCSD 51. $3 .50 

G.A. $4.50 
Tickels : UC5D Bo x office and 

all Tickelron Outlels. 452-4559 
.... ______ For information call 452·4559 

UC San Diego Faculty in cooperation with the 
Arts & Lectures Office presents 

The Faculty 
Chamber Music Series 1971 

lile 
Jullllc1rcJ 

trlll~ 
(2U()rtet 

ff?~n) ,,, 'I. , 
SaJ() ~rn 

... 

Mozart 
Di1vidovsky 
Ravel 

Quartet in J minor K,421 
Quart!t No.3, 1976 

F Major Quartet 

... flerin. A_ten .... 
UCSD S",.",. n.oo, ~ A ••• S6.50 

T,d.,.: -UC s.. Di.,o lox OHif. o.Ir 
452·4559 



• ...... lIhl.as 

MORE cLAssifiEds 
(Coatiaued from I] 

fOR SAlE ' 

250/0 Nlkonol II camerl seconlc IIghtmeter un-
derwlter viewfinder clle straps S200 or best . 
756-8001 Ed. discount 

on all ml'rc!landisl', including silks, batiks, and woml'n's and 
ml'n's Wl'ar . 

3 Led Zep tickets loge sect . 23 row 6 sao or 
~t offer Ed 264·2204 or Peter 583-0041 
(2/28) 

Led Zeppl in tickets lor sale good lIoor seets. 
Cheap pric~ call 453-~78 (2/28) 

~ ~ifi "f>cw,~ton- I Fiw mues North 
FIRe Boob ..... ' ... SoW Just P~t LorrIllB Santa Fe /]9 N. Hwy 101 SoItuM .. It 755·7J1J 

do 
inflated 

book 
., prices 

make 

Fin~ s~/ections uf Us~d History, 
/'JJ'chology, Poetry, Scienc~. ~tc., in 
hardback and paperback. at on~-half 
pric~ or I~ss. 
We have inexpensive rare Items like pre-
1900 San Diego newspapers, civil war 
newspapers, 1848 Scientific American, 
etc. 
We also hav. many collectors items 
Signed Charles Dickens, Rudyard 
Kipling, Jack London, and others. Fine 
first editions. First appearance 0/ Edgar 
AUan Poe's poem The BeUs". Original 
unique Disney animation cells. 

We AL~o Buy Books 

Before you buy another book 
SEE US 

We have hundreds of thousands of used paper and harback books at 
reduced prices, Books from fNery pericxl and on every subject, 

Art Fiction 
Black Hstory 
Business 
Economics 

History 
Uterature 
Uterary Criticism 
Philosophy 

Political Science 
Psychology 
Poetry 
Science fiction 

T~avel 
and more! 

We know you will enjoy visiting our shops crammed to the ceilings 
with hard·to·find books of fNery description, Conveniently, we areal! 
with in walking distance of each other 

fJ Calvin's Book Store 
1133 "e" St.232·4424 
The Bargain Book Store 
1053 8th, 234·5380 

~ Herweg's books 
958 5th , 233~880 

Wahrenbrock's BoOk House 
Broadway at Seventh 232{)132 

JuS1 aeven rowl Irom stage *t oller 452· 
1585. 

Honda 350 xlent cond 73 22000 ml new 
bIItery a tune up s.5O helm« a gloves 
comes with It. St_ 75So726&(2/4) 

Honda 350 excellent condition 73 22000 ml 
new battery & tune up done $"50 helmet & 

. gloves . 

PERSONAls 
Had your car stolen from UCSD? Want to 
catch thieves? Call 273-6302 eves . (2/25) 

BAJA NATURAL HISTORY CRUISE to W. 
coast island and lagoons Mar. 27 · Apr 2 S325 
contact F Rokop X4770 2254 BB (3/9) 

M(>.PEDS-NEW MOTORBIKES AT PRICES 
YOU CAN AFFORDI Seethe Men:tt.nt 01 M~ 

~s In La JoIle Shores for. really good deal. 
Come to 2226 Avenlda de " Playa (2/251 

We have 20,000 fine used books for sale Ex 
Ubrls Bookstore. 129 N. Hwy. 101 , Solana 
Beach 756-7323. 

The One I Look'at: Maybe we should spend a 
day or so together. What say? The one you 
look at . (2 / 25) 

John Walton says: eat more turkey and It will 
make your gobbler stand up belter. (2/25) 

March , you were suddenly aWlre 01 a new 
freedom. Where-are your thoughts now? The 
guy who listened (2/25) 

We appreciated... No, we loved those 
valentines!! But we don't know who 10 thank I 
(hint.) Meteor 450 (2/25) 

We. think the 4th College Guy Wathers made 
Ihe right choice, Julian's about your speed. 

4th Col. GuyWatchers. "try us you ' ll like us," 
we m ight not have the looks but we SURE 
have the skill. (2/25) 

1 gold hoop earring lost around Revelle or 
Muir, " found please call Linda at 452·9581 . 
Was a gilt . (2/25) 

Guys in the green van· thanks for making me 
smile. The girl in the w indow 
I Wlnt to catch you In lJe6.lnythlng goas at 
R_I.MarchS, 

THURSDAY LADIES NIGHT 
no cover & 30c drafts 

for gals 
tonite talent nite 

Every second beer 
a dime 

Rock dancing to 
"BREEZE" 

FrIda" Fe.....,. _, 1177 
DeIIr+4ubby coop· I think Iiound. new love. 
His MInI II Able Smith, 01 A.S. 101 Ihort . 
Already I've become men l"voI_ then YOU 
_r a.owed and he Uk. my advice too! I'll 
keep you posted ... Wlley Mel 

Muir car rally tonight (2/25) II pm MUir 
parking lot . Have some lun and win a prize. 

Bob Frazier· We Ire lit but happy· Thanks I 

DRP • why, why, why, I've Wilted lor an 
ans_r from aomewh_ and I hive yet to 
find It. PI_ help me lind It . You know how 
to lind me-Iuat one of the guys. 

Jazz guitarists seminar: Monday, 2/28, 7·10 
pm. Guitar Center, · C" & 7th St. SI0/pertOn. 

~ecture demonstration, c.l1 Steve, 234-8731 
(2/28) 

To my knight In Bllke, H~y Birthday! My 
night is yours , Iny wlY you want It . P.S. 
don't be glum cause you're 21 , I like YI cause 
you're so old end wi". 

RONGERS UNITEI Forming UCSO Bonging 
Team/Club. For Info. call 453·8018 everyone 
welcome! (2/25) 

Wanted-Good home for year old F . dog, 
mixed breed, well trained , affectionate. Call 
459·7012 by March 1 (2/28) 

Heppy Blraday Soggy Maz·doo doo doodoo u 
can have rt side 01 bed but clean 'eet love ya-
Froggy + Schniksa 

WAKE ISLANDER- Who says I never answer 
, your letters? 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY! 
live and klsses .. ME ( 2/25) 

TRAVEl 
Europe, Israel, Orient , Australia, NY & ChI. 
Complete student travel center. AIST, 291 S. 
La Cienaga BI. /1101 Beverly Hills. 213 /657. 
2727 (6 /12) 

housiNG 
Room needed : Near UCSD a must. UCSD 
Comp Eng . student , employed can pay to 
S110 /mo. Jeff 45!P579 (2/25) 

Huge mast8l' bedroom Ivailable in Del Mar 
beach house. Privlte bath, balcon ies, 
fireplaces, n ice people, lots 01 space and 
quiet. No pets $150. Barry 755·1916 Evenings 
best. (2/ 25) 

Female roommate wanted to share two bdrm 
house in LJ $80 for spring qtr only cali 454-
1618 (2/28) 

• SERVICES 
Womancare: Self·help clinic, abort ion , 
prenatal , annual exams . 1050 Garnet, PB 488-
7591 

The Young Republicans need youl If in· 
terested in joining please contact Keith at 
453-6514 (2/28) 
Papers edited/rewnttenltyped. MA in Eng . & 
exper. Fee nego. Call Lois 295-8672, 8·9 AM 
or 6-7 pm . (3/2) 

Berkeley grad will tutor French lang./ Eng 
compo Fee nego. Call Lois 295-8672, 8·9 AM 
or 6-7 pm . (3/2) 

LOST & fOUNd 
Lost $100 reward for info or recovery of black 
Great Dane puppy 6 mths female looks like 
lab uncut ears sliver chain 452·1977 
evenings or 438·1011 days . 

YOOCANGO 
HOBEAGAIN 

PSA has more low fare California 
flights than any other airline. Call 
your Campus Rep or . ' 
PSA to make your 
reservations . . 

WITHPSNS 
LOW-AIR FARES. 

-- - - - - - .":.J ....... rJ<"!:~~ 


