
UCSuDteco 
Wedaesday, Marcb 9, 1977 

-Voting Begins Today on Official Government 
Ballot Includes Choice of 3 Government 
Models, 37 Questions for Consideration 

by Mark Stadler 
Managing EcIltor 

UCSD students vote today 
through Friday on a two-part 
referendum, with the first section 
to detennine the official student 
~ government and the second section 

.. 2 consisting of 37 questions for voter-
~ consideration. 
~ 

structure and autonomy, and 
regental authority; student 
academic freedom; admissions 
policies; women's rights; 
student/community services; and 
university autonomy and social 
responsibility . 

The vote on the questions is non-
binding on UC decisions-makers. 

Polls Located 
Polling places, open from 10:00 

am to 2:00 pm, are located on 
Revelle and Third College plazas, 
the Muir quad, the Bookstore and 
in the area of the Student Center 
and Main Gym steps, according to 
the Elections Board. The booths 
will be attended by members of the 
EAB social organization. 

Laura Zweckbronner. Priscilla Walker and Connie Jeung·Mills sang to a 
cam pus audience of approximately 125, to open the activities on Inter· 
national Women 's Day , yesterday . 

Students are faced with the 
choice of three contending models 
in the government vote: The 
Student Cooperative Union, the. 

A 25 percent figure has been set, 
by the Elections Board and ap-
proved by Chancellor McElroy, as 
minimum . turnout to make 
referendwn results officially valid. 
If 25 percent-approximately 2000 
undergraduates-do not vote, the 
Chancellor will have responsibility 
to interpret the results, acting on 
recommendations from the seven-
member Elections Board. 

The campaigns promoting the 
three models have been relatively 
quiet, concentrating mainly on get-
out-the-vote drives. The largest of 
these drives is sponsored by the 
Third College Council and has been 
active for at least one week. 

Referend urn Format Faulted 
By ACLU,Graduate Students 

The constitutionality, legitimacy, and feasibility of this week's 
student government referendum is being assailed by a number of 
groups. 

current unofficial campus 
governing body; the new 
Associated Students (ASUCSD), a 
revision of the elected body which 
governed UCSD until 1972; and the 
Cabinet-Assembly, which com-
bines features of its two com-
petitors, with an elected Cabinet 
and an open student Assembly. 

Within the past week complaints have been leveled at the Elections 
Board by such diverse groups as the American Civil Liberties Union 
(ACLU), the Graduate students Council (GSC), and Epsilon Alpha 
Beta (EAB). 

San Diego's ACLU President John stephens noted his concern over 
the referendmn, saying, "I'm concerned that seriOllS questions at 
possible violations of constitutional due process and equal protection 
provisions have been raised in relation to the referendwn." 

The referenduin was attacked in a different vein by the GSC, which 
stated in a letter to the Chancellor, that "the Elections Board has 
exceeded its authority, and made a farce out of the upcoming student 
referendum, by a last minute decision to have graduate students vote 

Seven SectiODS 
students also are being asked to 

consider a series of 37 questions on 
various current issues pertinent 
both to UCSD and the University of 
California. The questions are 
divided into seven sections: 
referenda; student governmental 

A minimum vote has also been 
set for the winning government 
model. If no model receives 50 
percent of the vote, the board will 
refer to the second section of Part 
A, which asks voters to, in effect, 
rank the three proposals in order of 
preference. 

The three partisan campaigns 
have also relied heavily on making 
personal contact with students in 
donn meetings and about campus. 
Publicity has been raised mostly . 
through posters and leaflets. The 
campaigns have each been funded 
$50 by the Coop to help cover ex-
penses. 

The referendum has also been 
publicized through a series of 
debates, open fonuns and issues-
and-answer nights sponsored by 
the individual colleges. 

on the 'opinion' questions. "Contlnued on Pa e 3 . 

Feasibility of Paramedic 
Program Debated in City 

by Joel C. Don 
Associate News Editor 

Within the coming months, the San 
Diego City Council will decide whether a 
comprehensive citywide paramedic service 
can be initiated. 

An effort to establish such a service for 
the city had previously failed when the city, 
in the last electlOn, voted against the 
paramedic program attached to Proposition 
K, a property tax initiative. 

another ballot or whether the council should 
not consider paramedic service at· alL Blair 
said. 
, Blair stated that . one of the proposals, 
sponsored by Hartson's Ambulance Service, 
a private finn, could lead to difficulties if 
the city managers determined that they 
should allow bids for paramedic service 
from all private companies. 

This is the second arUcle concluding a 
two-part series on paramedic service in San 
Diego. 

In recent months, however" the Public 
Services and Safety Conunittee of the 
council has heard the argwnents of various 
proposals for paramedic service in the city. 
The committee has asked the City 
Manager's Office to study the proposals in 
order to bring the issue before the full city 
council. 

The other proposal, initiated by San Diego 
Citizens Committee for Paramedics, calls 
for a city-run program using the existing 
facilities of the city fire department. The 
committee believes that the proposal from San Dieguito paramedics Dave Weston [left] and Mike Warner finish up'some paperwork after a 
the private ambulance service cannot run Tuesday morning. The paramedic service has been stationed at the Solana Beach Fire Dept. 

According to Ray Blair, Deputy City 
Manager, two major proposals are under 
consideration by the city. Either proposal 
would, in effect, eUminate the city's cun'ent 
police ambulance service replacing it with 
paramedic service. 

Blair noted that the paramedic program 
may nm into fellibility difficulties, saying 
that "the buic ..-uon fa whether we 
should proceecl aDJ fIrtber with the 
paramedic propouJa." It ... - alIo noted 
that the city maoq .. will inveIUpte the 
differences in the fInaodal upedI of the 
two propouII to ... If eitMr 0 .. can be 
recommended for IIdaption by the eoaodl. 

OIIerP .......... c ••• _ 
Other PNIlbIe reeommendaUCIIII IDelude 

whether a puamed1c propcul IhauId be 
placed OIl the fIIcallt71 bacIIett wbetblr the 
paramedic ... ....... be pIIeed OIl 

"adequately" meet the needs ofthe city. for about two years. 
Bernard Winter, Vice-chairman of the 

committee, insists that Hartson's 
Ambulance is asking for "public money to 
subsidize private enterprise, for a service 
that we (the citizen's conunittee) feel they 
cannot deliver adequately." Winter further 
stated that "the proposal calls for 20 mobile 
intensive care units, with two paramedics 
aboard at .all times." He also noted that 
"they would respond to any emergency or 
life-threatening situation in under five 
minutes." 

The need to get to the victim quickly was 
stressed by Winter. "50 percent rI. the 
cardiac deaths occur within the first 15 
minutes, al\Cl a five-minute response time 
(to any location in the city) is the absolute 
minimum," he said. 

Vlerfeele ...... ' A.ccordlnI to Winter, the cost proposal 
would be $t.8 miUlon to initiate the service 
and not more than $1.78 per penon per year 
to maintain the ..-vice after the first two 
yean. A .. r fee of between $35 and $50 
wou1d be charled on each run to both su~ 
IkIIe the CCIIt and act as a deterrent to 
__ tltbI .~. 

Winter noted that the user fees could 
eventually pay for a majority of the cost of 
the service, possibly leaving little charge to 
taxpayers. He insists, however, that "the 
important thing is not only the question of 
money, but the saving of lives." 

Winter argued that Hartson's proposal, 
which has a lower initial starting cost, will 
rely on user fees as the main source of 
funding. 

Hartson's Ambulance may not provide 
complete citywide coverage, favoring areas 
of economic affluence, Winter added. 

Bob Spradley, Vice-president of Hartson's 
Ambulance, said that their paramedic 
service will be "whatever the city elects to 
have," noting that HartJon's Ambulance 
would take over the cone. pollce am-
bulance service. 

"We made a proposal to the City of San 
Diego to provide paramedic aervice in the 
city," Spradley said, acldin8 'that the 
number of units and their response time will 
be determined by the dty. 

A recent study by the city fire department 
detennined that in order to bave a pre-

planned maximum response time of five 
minutes, anywhere in the city, 21 paramedic 
units would be needed. 

Spradley noted his disagreement with 
these figures, saying that " we are not 
convinced that 21 units is the appropriate 
number." However, he said that lIartson's 
Ambulance would leave the decision of the 
the type of service up to the city. 

Training by U C 
If a proposal is ccepted by the city, the 

paramedics will be trained by the 
University rI. Cllifornia facility (see 
Monday's article, ) which has a federal 
training grant for aU paramedic training in 
the San Diego City and County areas. 

Andrew Rauscher, Medical Director of 
the param"dk t:..i..!.. ;:r~-r..,m:u: ... 
Assistant Clinical Profe8lOr of 
Anethesiology at the University Hospital, 
sees paramedic services as a necessary pt!rt 
of our technological advances. 

"~ paramedic issue as a whole as an 
update of the existing emergency health 
care system," Rauscher said, noting that 
"the ambulance hasn't cbanced Iince 

c. ............ 



• 

• rlI411.111.1rS Weanclay, Mardi I, lin 

IT Referendum EndoiSements 
UCs.aDlet° 

Unsigned edll')rlals represent a majority opinion of the Triton Times 
Editorial BoarJ. which is composed of Executive editor David Eisen , 
Managing editor Mark Stadler , News edllor Alan Russell. Statewide 
ed'itor All!c Nedelman. Production manager Shauna Stokes and Opinion 
editor R"n Anbar. All igncd malerial and artwork represent the author's 
opinion and do nol necessarily rellect the views of the Triton T imes. 

Student Government: 
Cabinet/Assembly 

ne TrItoa 11mH eDdonH tile Cabbaet-Aaembly model In tbis wes's 
referelllhuD to Hied aa official ..... Cft'enDDeIlL 

The by wordJ to teep In mtad wIleD e .. lde ..... tile tIlree gOvmaDeDt 
modela-tbe Cabinet-Assembly [CoA), tile SlDdeDt Cooperative UaJon and . 
tile DeW Auoeiated Stu_Is [ASUCSD-ere aeeeu IlDd responsibility. A 
,ood IOftnmellt model IDIIIt prwvlde both qaaUtles, without having 
either restrict tile other. 

TIle CoA, we feel, pnvtdes both aeeeu IlDd respoulbWty. It provides 
opea studeat aceeu tllro ..... HI Auembly. Auy _deat eo attend, 
prupoIe leglslatioa IlDd vote. AD bad,eta IlDd Iqtalatloa mast pus 
Uaroagb tile Assembly. 

But tile C-A also makes provtlloDl for respo_IbWty of action. Tbe 
Cabbaet II eompoaed of elected represetdaUves, two from each coOege 
and ODe from tile ·Assembly,. who aUlIIDe IndIvIdaaI positions cbalrlng 
ncb eollllllltteH .. Studeal Fee Programs aad tile Student Ceater. 11Iea, 
... coOee1tve body, ~ CablDet mut ad oa aD buIIleta aad leglslatloa 
from tile Assembly, 

Pw1 A -- UNDElGUDUAn 
STUDENT GOVERNANCE 

Govt. Model: CDnet/Aisembly . 

IWt B -- UNDERGIADUATE/ 
GlAD STUDENT' QUESTIONS 

4. Pr~s~nt authority to ratify SeC1l .. 6: ShlHnt Senice. 
teaching ratios to b~ revoked? no I . Recreation Center on Univ~rsi'l' 
5. Should undergrOduotes be land? ne 
allowed to vote in Academic 2. Alternativ~ food service at 
Senate? no Student C~nter? yes 
6 . Should departmental closed 3: Should th.-re be left-handed 
meetings be abol ished? no de.sks at UCSD? yes 
7. Should student members of 0 4. Should student government 
~etlon 1: Ie"rend. department participate in tenurnoe con,;ol food services? yes 

I I d h process? 5. Should student government 
I . A ter E edions Boor Aut orily to 8 Sh Id C . t' b control bookstore? yes 
rewarp bollot questions? no ' au ommunlca ,ons e 
2. Five- ear moratorium on granted departmental stetu~? yes 6 . Should . student government governme~t refer~ndo? no 9. Full auton~~y over FTf s to be control hOUSing? no 

restored todeSlrrng programs? ne'" 7. Should student government 
Section 2: Org .. ilatlons 10. Should UCSD grading system be control the Student Center? yes 
1. Should college Student Councils replaced by Passl Nat Pass? neW Section 7. Uni,erslty Aut ....... ' 
be goverrimentbranches? no I I . Should students hove option of • 
2. GSC and Med school students as teking,un/imitedPI NP courses? no 1. Severe t ies between University 
part of student government? neW 12. Should stud~nts not be required and CIA? no 
3. Comm iHees to be r~organiz~d as to petition for grades in 199s and 2. Should University pallce corry 

branch~s of? B 198s? yes firearms? yes 
4 . Reorganize UC SBPC into UC Section 4: Education PoIicie. 3. Shou ld war-related fund ing be I 
Student Un ion? no phased out if other is ovoilab/e?yes . 
5 Should Student m~dia be 1. Should UC hove a student ap- 4. Should Son Diega police be 

. t nomous from Regents? new proved co-counsel for presentetion borred from patroling at UCSD? no ~~ 0 Boord of Regents to be of Bakke cose to Supr~m~ Court? no 5. Severe ties with South Africa and 
rganized? ne'" 2. Open odmissions policy to all Rhodesia? yes , 

Se
reo

• 3 _-1 .r--.1 California H.S. grads? no 6. Should Regents exercise social I 
etion : Ae ... c " .. _om responsibility? yes 

I . Acodemic session preference? Section 5: W .... n'. IhIhts 
~rter . 

I . Free Gynecological services by 
2. Summer quarter on all nin~ UC Health Center? yes 
campuses? yes 

1

3. Curricula rotified by Acodemic 2. Should R.e9.~nt$ provide fr:: 
S.enate & studen t government? yes Day-Core fac",t,es? 

Wne - no endorsement 

These etidonemellb were made 
by the Triton nm. EdtoriaI 
Board. They reflect the opInioli 01 
a majority 01 the Board members. Access Is the prime qaaUty of the Coop. As wttb the C-.\, uy studeat 

caD eome to meetiDp aad ad. Bat tbe palt tw .... Hae-balf yean bave 
revealed probielDl wttb tile Coop structure. OrIgIaaOy p1aDDed .. an opea 
goftmmeal, tile Coop .... orten beea seized by Ideologues aad special 
laterest groaps who have dNdloeked Its mecbulsm. 

Cabinet Assembly Model Faulted 
11Ie Coop baa become Isolated oa eampas, a group foreign to mOlt This letter is not intended to 

studeata. It was a nice Ide .. It han't worked. support anyone of the three 
ReponslbWty II offered by tbe ASUCSD .. a key asset. Members are governmental models to be put 

elected aad uaame deflDed roles. Lbtea of rellpo_IbWty are delineated_ before the students in this week's 
The ASUCSD baa tile poteaUaI. to beeome aa efficient, produdlve referendum. Rather, it will serve 
govemmeat. to point out some serious flaws 

But aceeu Is mil sial. Certainly, stadeata caD propose Ideal to tbelr wiUl the Cabinet! Assembly model. 
representaUves, but that clearly Is aot tile same as tile open access af- If one consults Article 6, Section 
forded by the CoA aDd tbe Coop. A of the Cabinet! Assembly con-

TIle ASUCSD would be IDtIre effIeleat. But no one b .. ever said par- stitution, one will find that they 
Uelpatory democraey Is totally efficient. have incorporated the Advisory 

We are DOt saybag the C-" baa no poteaUaI probielDl. It Is • brand new Committee for Student Fee 
govermneat model, wltbout tile beritage beblnd the Coop and ASUCSD. It Programs into their cabinet. It 
wiD take time for studeata to grow accutomed to Its workinp_ 11Iere states that the Department of 
eould certainly be problema betweea CaWaet and Assembly, over the Student Fee Programs "shall 
roles each sbould play, execute the disbursement of the 

Bat we feel the C-A tUn tile beat qualities of botll Ita eompeUton. It Student Registration Fee and shall 
provides access aad respoasibWty, ud a series of cbecb and balances have final authority on all Student 
which sbould ward off any problems of deadloel between Ita two bodies. fees and monies." 

We urge a vote for the Cabblet-Assembly model. While thi$ would be a very nice 

R d V t r' P h I t situation for students, it is clearly ea 0 e s amp e ~u::~ ~~:r:i~~,b6.~~ 
[EdHor's DOte: De ASUCSD ... tile eo., pftl'llllellt model propo_ata . Saxon. Further, It Is not within the 
were- offered eqaaI IJIIlce tID re.p." .. oar •• nemeat of tile jurisdiction of the student 
CalDet/Aaemilly model. ~ ASUCSD deelbled the .fter.] government to execute the 

disbursement of the Registration 
The Student Cooperative Union urges UCSD students to read the Voters F , .... ,_ Is functi of th Vic&-

Pampblet carefully, and to decide for youneH what Student Gowmment ee. ~..... a on e 
you feel will best represent you. If.you have not located a Voters Pam- chanceDorof~entAffairs .. 
pblet, they are available (now) in the student Organizations Office, above Further, Article 2, Sectl~ E 
Edna in the Student Center. states that one of the ~abinet 

yet, some members of the SCU feel that UCSD students have been ~bers shall be ~ as. the 
denied due process. The Voters PampbJet was supposed to be mailed out chair of. the Advisory Corruruttee 
to every registered student at UCSD, yet the Elections Board tells us that for Student Fee ~rams. 
there is no more money left to mail the pamphiets out. This is a violatjon As any ezpenenced member of 
of a student's constitutional right to know about the referendum and what this committee will tell you, 
issues will be voted upon. especially the undersigned being a 

the Reg. Fee to choose Its own 
chair. 

The exact same situation exists 
for the student center board. 
Article 6, Sub-Article 3, Section A 
provides that the Dept. of the 
student center "shall fonnulate a 
budget each Quarter from the 
Stud~t Center Fee to be submitted 
to the Student Community 
Assembly and if passed to the 
cabinet." 

Moreover, Section B omits a 
grad rep, who, according to that 
board 's constitution, must be a 
member. Also, the SCB selects its 
own chair, and, as with the ACSFP, 
it would be ultimate chaos if an 
inexperienced member held that 
position. 

It seems clear to us that a model 
with these obvious flaws coupled 
with numerous others cannot work. 
(How can one justify no required 
quorum for the SCA, Art. 3 Sec. D) 

To begin with, both the Advisory 
Committee for Student Fee 
Programs and the Student Center 
Board may take great difference 
with this model, should it pass the 
electorate. 

If the essential purpose of this 
referendum is to clean up our 
student government, how can we 
support a government which 
contains initial flaws from the 
word "go." Above all, it is obvious 
that the origina tors of the 
Cabinet! Assembly do not fully 
understand how the University 
runs! 

How oould any responsible 
student vote for an ill~nceived 
model? Vote for the Co-op, vote for 
ASUCSD, vote for Mickey Mouse, 
but for God's sake, don't vote for 
the Cablnl'lt/ Assembly . 

JtEVIN CAHILL 
BOB SIMON 

Rec Center Idea is"No Good" 
What good will a Country Club bulit.on university land do the students 

ofUCSD? . 
the administration has proposed a "recreation facility," which includes 

an 18 hole golf course, artificial ski slope, 50 meter swimming pool and 
pro shop to be bUilt across I~ on land the Navy gave UCSD for 
educational purposes. 

The reason for the development is to "supplement inadequate existing 
campus facilities". We all know we need more facilities, but this country 
club is limited to Z40 students at a cost of $50 apiece per year. How can a 
recreation center serving only 2.4 per cent of the student population ease 
the crowded conditions? 

If 25 percent of the UCSD undergraduate students do not vote, it will be three year veteran, having an 
up to the Chancellor to decide what form of government students will inexperienced person in this 
have at UCSD, and since the Voters Pamphlets have not been distributed position would be an abysmal 
to commuter students, a 2S percent turnout seems Wllikely. John disaster and there are no 
Stephens, head of the San Diego Chapter of ACLU has presented the guarante'es provided in the con-
Student Union Cooperative a letter that describes his fears that UCSD stitution of the CabineV Assembly 
students have in fact, been denied due process. A number of students who model to assure that the chair of 
are interest~ in ~his serious issue ~e circ:ulating this letter and asking this department will have • 

Much better alternatives are open. Tell the administrators this one is 
not good. 

Vote NO on the proposed recreation center. 

students to sign It. The results will be given to Chancellor McElroy. previously served on the Reg. Fee This letter was slped by 44 students, mOlt of tbem from Blake 0 and 
Please, sign thIS letter to ensure that your constitutional rights will be Committee. Additionally, it is up to Blake m. TIle names are o. fOe at tbe TrIton 'l'bDes office. 
upheld. 

We urge a 11 ~tudents to vote and 
to encourc!?! others to ' vote 
Wednesday, 'lpursday and Friday, 
but it seems a shame that many 
students will not even be aware 
that there is a ef~nO"m -

SUESTANFlEW 
Coop Co-Chair 

-

Mission Transmission 
Ii Brakes 

spe iallLIng in : f Olt Ign 
Dom('~t l c, Automalic and 
Standard - Also complete 

Brake 5{>rvice 
SPECIAL STUDENT 

PRICES WITH AD AND 
1.0. FROM UCSD 

6131 Mls~ion' Corge Rd . 
2 Blocks North of 8 

283-6116 

•••••••••••••••• 1fi:jc:l •••••• ~ ••••••••••••• 
. ." . S 0nLsaverc: 

•••••••••••••• . ••••••••••••••• ~ •••••••• ~-
~~ ••••••••••••• ~~ 
:: .~. 46e 'IYoOurf JlHair ~")? II 
• 

1030 Toney Pines Rd . ~~ • 
• ~~a o~; 

~UII any frozen yogurt delight and get 8 seC0;;Jnltem priced the ~me or Ie s . FREE, with this coupon . . 
••••••••••••••• .... .." ..... ~ .. 

Coupons 

r ················· FIEIT~ . HBUIE 
= Two combination dinners 
• for the price of one! 
•• From 11 am -5 pm SaturdaYb and Sundays only 

4085 GOVERNOR DRIVE Coupon elCpIrft ~;i;.;~;~;~·;.~;~~m 

/ 

\ 

WedDelday, Mareb I, lin 

Paramedics ... '. 
CoaUnued from Page 1 

Napoleon." / 

between the two- paramedic 
proposals, Rauscher said the 
training program favors a city-run 
paramedic service. "Our feeling, 
and this is echoed not only by the 
training program but also by the 
County Emergency Medical 
Services Division, is that the 
paramedic system is only part of a 

IrllfiluiliNOS 

than having a group of " privates" 
in one area and the police and fire 
departments in another. "If. you 
had it in one department nke the 
fire department," Rauscher said, 
"you would have a total citywide 
communications system and a 
citywide response system ." 

"The only thing that has been 
added to ambulance care is the use 
of oxygen," he said. Rauscher also 
asserted that, "It's time to take 
specialized care out to the 
patient ," adding that "the 
justification for paramedics 
cannot be denied; the only question 
is what is it going to cost and how 

sho~d it be fWlded ." 

total emer gency response Hartson's "Could Not Provide" 
system." 

He also said that it is "more Rauscher noted that Hartson's 

In terms of the controversy 

ACLU ••• 

important to have paramedics as Ambulance could not provide all of 
part of a "planned system" rather ' the personnel and equipment 

necessary to implement a "total 
citywide program." He added that 

Continued from Page 1 
The GSU sees only two ways "to end the confusion," they being to 

both delay the referendum until next quarter, and also to appoint 
graduate student repf'P4l8nlatives to the Election Board. 

EAB's complaint is' ~ a completely different nature. The social 
organization, paid $300 to attend the voting booths, is dismayed by the 
current date of the referendum, noting that "the Elections Board on 
two different occasions changed the date of the referendum. " 

"We agreed to do it during the seventh week," said an EAB 
representative. "Rlgtt now we've been assured by legal services that 
we don't have a legal obligation to attend to the voting, but noting our 
moral obligations, we'll do the best job we can." 

"Elections Board Coordinator Andy Schneider responded to the 
various charges, saying, "I don't see any attacks." He qualified the 
statement by noting that matters have been " talked out" with the 
GSC, and things are being " worked out" with EAB. 

As for the constitutional ramifications being brought up by the 
ACLU, Schneider said they have "nothing to do with the current 
referendum." "The problem they refer to," said Schneider, " is the 
Chancellor's authorizing the 25 percent necessary turnout . This Isn't a 
San Diego question, but one for the UC system." 

--------------------------------------~ 

Get Rolled at the 
Spice Rack Restaurant! 

Present th is coupon with your meal at the 
unique Spice Rack "Garden " Restaurant in Pacitic 
Beach and you 'll get rolled. Free. Take home half a 
dozen of the tastiest home-made rolls or muffins 
you've ever met . This otter Is good on Mondays . 
through Thursdays, 5 p.m. to 10 p.m., th rou gh 
4/2Bn7 One per couple, please. 

YOU'RE GQNNA LlK~ THE~ 
A GARDEN RESTAURA'H 

MISsion Blvd. near Grand In Pac,f,c Beach 
B a.m .-2 :30 p.m and 5 p.m .·10 p .m. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

L _____________________________________ _ 

1 .., •• ...11) 1' .... ".1.. fA: .... , I r«!Jef4 ~ '1oUJ'"' 
1 
1 UCSD-lisa Kearns'n'Paul Blabac 

Revelle 1 
1 Talent Show Winners 

Program I : 
. .1 LA Comedy Store: 

Board I Willie Tyler and lester Samuels 
Presents I and. Cohen 

I I March 11 8:00 pm I Revelle Cafeteria $1.00 admission 

Hartson 's proposal for 12 Wllts 
could not serve the city's 
lifesaving needs . He did note, 
however, that the training 
program would instruct any 
group approved by the city, 
saying " we would train the 
paramedics whether they were 
private ambulances or firefighters 
and the training would be the 
same." 

He suggests, however, that fire 
department personnel have 
stronger motivations because 
ambulance people are "basically 
working for the money." 

"I've got no objection to that 
CoatiDued lKI Page 8 

LJ Village 
Input Wante~ 

Those interested in expressing 
their opinions on the La Jolla 
Village project (Triton Times 
March 2) will have an opportunity 
to speak to responsible individuals 
in EDNA from 10 am to 2 pm today, 
and in the Academic Senate Office 
Conference Room from 9 am Wltll 
noon tomorrow. 

ITS UeSD, 
2FO. 1 NIGHT, AT THE 

SPORTS ARENA! 

An architectural model of the 
project will be on display, and 
those viewing it are urged to 
complete a short questionnaire. 

$5.50 tickets only $2.75 at 
Student Center Box Office 

NOW EARN 

We are increasing the div-
idend becauSe we want you 
to transfer your savings to 
your credit union . The 
rapid growth of U .S.E . 
Credit Union allows the 
dividend to be increased. 
When you transfer your 
savings to t h e credit union, 
you help insure this rapid 

PER 
~. 
ON 
REGUlAR 
U.S.E. 
SA.VINGS 
Your University and 
SlaLe Employees CredlL ' 
Umon intends to pay 
you a full 6% per an · 
num· on regu la.r sav-
ings for the quarter 
beginning October 
first! 

growth and the continua· 
tion of extremely high re-
turns on your savings ... 
HIGHER THAN YOUR 
CURRENT BANK OR SAV-
INGS AND LOAN PASS· 
BOOK ACCOUNT. So, help 
yourself .to the BIG 6 % and 
help your University and 
State Employees Credit 

. Union grow. 

01J~[§ 
University & Stat.· Employees (,etlit Uni 
IDIU 

5191 Cottege Ave. 
San Diego, Celif. 
(71 4) 286-4210 

UC DAYI. 
Orerlarel Road 

Davis. Calil. 
(9UI) 752-1817 

UCID 
3100 Gilman Drive 

La Jolla , Calil. 
(on Matthews Campus across 

Irom VA Hosp'tat) 
(714) 453-5620 

Sen Oteto 
5555 Mildred Street 
San Diego. California 

(7t 4) 297-1838. 



..... , 

Repairs 
~.~d;.~~/~.'~a..n:) , 

, ~.iOffi· ~ • (A~d\· SIIur:e • 
509 So. Hwy 101 Encinitas 

753·1775 

9443 La Jona Blvd 
454-3038 
Men & women -- we special~ in hilircuttit1lonly --

~~ VR T10NC o~~~ GET· DOWN ~~)­
WiT It TOMI:AT 

ANd TilE BlUES DUSTERS 
SAN DiEGO's OWN kiNG AT TilE BLUES 

EVERY FRtdAY ANd SUNdAY NiGln 
OVEREASY PRodUCTiON COMPANY 
4970 VoLTAiRE ST. OCEAN Buck 

LiVE Music NiGItTly 
SAN DiEGO'S NEWEST BAR 

222-2146 OR 48~-4~~6 
-----------

1 

Bananas 
Friday March 11 
USB 2722 
7:00 and 9:00 PM 
$1.25 

• I 
• 
• • I 
• 
• Would you believe • 

Howard Cosell [yes]. I 
4.000 ham o n riles I and I one with mustard!. a Latir! I 

I American jun te, and • 
I Start the ~~~~i'.£I Presidente, he's • 
I Revol tion GEJI£ WIDER I 
I OUt Of "The PrOduCers" I 
• without me DOfWD SUT1DlMO I I fresh from "MASH" I 
I and I 
I I 
• Tom Jones I 
I I I Saturday March 12 I 

USB 2772 I I. 7:00 PM (STRWM) and' I 
9:30 PM (TJ) 

• $1 . 00 T~ ()strtu1ed brtWARNER BROS I 

1-----------------____ 1 

• rI.OII .IIIII'S WellDet!lclll, lm • rile .... i nlt·s 

ac&Queen: • Energy vs. eetwoo uttere emla 
by 11m MackeDlie 

ArtlEdltor 
Though the month of March is only into its second week, the San Diego 

area has already been graced by concerts from two of the hottest bands on 
the current music scene. 

wood Mac was tightest as a 
ending the regular set. 

With Buckingham, Nicks 
lead vocals, Fleetwood Mac 

the high energy " World Turning," 

McVie sharing the composing and 
have the opportunity to become 

last Saturday at the Sports Arena. 
Queen's performance was a combination of too much pomp and not enough 

circumstance. But then that was almost to be expected. 
Queen is,paced by the powerful vocals of Freddie Mercury and the guitar 

of Brian May, the Plant and Page of the band, if you'll excuse the com-
parison . Both Mercury and May wl!re showcased in the concert, each having 
long solo spots that enabled them to run out onto the special ramp con-
structed for the show. 

Both Fleetwood Mac and Queen have jumped into the ranks of musical 
superstardom with some impressive sales figures on their recent releases. 
The Fleetwood Mac LP has sold nearlv 4 million Wllts. while Queen's A Nllht 

the Opera went platinum also, largely because of the success of the 
1"'WIIIIllIt; "Bohemian Rhapsody" single . 

While a good act might be hard to follow, Mac and Queen have each 
produced successful albums in the wake of their previous triumphs, namely 
Rumoun and A Day At The Races , respectively. 

So, in a manner of speaking, the stage was set for the two bands upon their 
return to San Diego. . 

Fleetwood Mac's March 1 performance at the Sports Arena demonstrated 
clearly just what a professional outfit they are. Whether they were -viewed 
Lldividually or collectively in the concert made no difference; they were 
right on! . 

Focusing on the material from the Fleetwood Mac and RumOUR albums, 
the band (Mick Fleetwood, drums; John McVie, bass; Christine McVie, 
keyboards and vocals ; Lindsey Buckingham, guitars and vocals; Stevie 
Nicks, vocals) powered through a set lasting well over two hours. Beginning 
with a rather lackluster rendition of "Say You Love Me," the Mac began to 
hit stride with "Station Man," an oldie that predates most of the band's 
members. "Station Man" provided the audience with its first taste of a 
Lindsey Buckingham guitar solo, which was to continue to sparkle 
throughout the course of the set. 

Queen ; They may be pretty 
looks. 

But while Fleetwood Mac came off as being the straight ahead band that it 
is, Queen was bogged down by too much flash and gimmickry. This is un-
doubtedlya product of their albums, which have so many multi-level tracks 
and taped effects as to be impossible to reproduce in a live concert. 

After opening with one of the most infectious rockers around in "Tie Your 
Mother Down" and a medley of oldies including "You're My Best Friend" 
and' 'Killer Queen," Brian May delved into an over-indulgent solo that relied 
entirely on the electronic echo machines. Not too impressive. Mercury 
followed the same route by using the echo effects to his vocal solo. Mercury 
had a little better dfect on the audience; after all, it was his remarkable 
voice behind the electronics. 

The high and low point of the concert occurred during the " Bohemian 
Rhapsody" spot. On disc, it is one of the most innovative and exciting 
recordings ever produced by a rock band. But how does the band possibly 
perfonn this selection in a live venue? For Queen, the answer was simple. 
Mercury opened with the tender vocal opening, caressing the chords out of 
the piano. But midway through the song, the entire band left the stage while 
a tape machine boomed the sound out overthe speakers . Queen's only excuse 
for leaving the stage was for a simple costume change. ~fter the multi-
tracked chorus in "Bo Rap" finished, the band came blazmg back for the 
furious rock finish to the song, the high ,point of the concert. But why pay 
$7 .50 for a concert when you could have stayed home and listened to the 
album and heard the exact same thing? 

The concert was really launched though, with the Stevie Nicks spec-
tacular, "Rhiannon." With her flowing black gown, she looked every bit the 
mystical Welsh witch portrayed in the song. But what continues to amaze me 
is the power and range that the petite Nicks can achieve with her unique 
voice. And despite a throat ailment that has forced a postponement in the 
tour, Nicks sounded none the worse for it as she floated about the stage, 
screaming "love 's a state of mind, Rhiannon." 

The other highlights of the performance included Christine McVie's "Over 
My Head" and her haunting blues piece, "Oh Daddy," off of the Rumoun 
LP. John McVie's bass line shone on "The Chain" while Buckingham 
probably stole the show with a searing version of "I'm So Afraid." Fleet-

boring. The band is also in their musicianship, most 
notably Buckingham and Fleletwtlo probably has the best back beat 
anywhere.) Their stage partnership between the band, 

Queen did manage to redeem itself wiJh a fine finish to its show, from 
"Keep Yourself Alive" to '.'Liar" to a rousing encore featuring Mercury in 
hotpants (to the tune "Big Spender," leading into E.J .'s "Saturday Night's 
Alright For Fighting". ) 

After the final flash hombs had exploded and Queen had left the stage, the 
audience still clamored for more. Queen gave the crowd an extremely 
visual show, but could have concentrated on a little better basic musician-
ship. 

preventing the burden 's shoulders in particular. 
Fleetwood Mac gave the very good performance 
without the use of gimmicks. contrast to Queen's concert 

SD Symphony Performs With Amazing Vigor Poet Imamu. Amiri Baraka 
Bringing Down The Bourgeoisie 

by Paul Watry 
Staff Writer 

lmamu Amiri Barak.a LeRoi Jones can certainly be 
termed as one of the more intriguing contemporary 
black poets. His reputation as both a maverick and as a 
leader of the black movement contributes to his literary 
stariding of bfing one of the major poets who emerged 
from the turmoil of the early 60s. His name is always 
included in any collection of black literature. Thus, his 
poetry reading last Thursday at UCSD can be discerned 
as a major literary event; one which was impressive if 
only for its explosive impact. 

Baraka can be best described as a "hard line" marxist 
who incorporates radical politics within his poetry . A 
black militant , he foresees a political struggle against 
the bourgeois elite who, he feels, are out to crush the 
proletariat. This political stance is intrinsic to the 
content of his poetry as all his life is viewed through this 
political looking glass. Baraka shuns the private, inward 
struggle and focuses instead upon public and political 
issues. He contends that "we must all struggle to make a 
political existence and then we must address ourselves 
to it." 

Baraka's delivery emphasized this point. His poems 
were read with the same tension inherent in his per-
sonality; constantly mixing humor with bitter ac-
cusations. ("Heaven is a subsidiary of General 
Motors.") His poetry is a definite reaction to its own kind 

of pain; one that caused him to be thrown into jail 
writing that one way to change the world was to • 
the white man. 

This pain is presented subjectively In his poems 
Baraka read his subjectivity clearly. Often it came 
like a gunshot and because of its openness, it 
offended members of the audience. 

Baraka avoids what he terms as " UU!!OIl~. 
metaphysical thought...like Ginsberg corlternplatullj:! 
navel." Instead, he uses action to convey his meamn. 
without pulling any punches. Baraka explained 
audience that "the speculative white hipster" 
making his millions by selling pot pipes and MIn"in. 
commercial head shops is just as bad as the milliOitail1P. 
head of Mobil Oil Corporation . "Capitalism has 
taken a different direction, " contends Baraka. A 
"new" fonn , consequently is no better than the last. 

'For this reason, Baraka 's poetry does not rpnrp<wna 
"cultural nationalism." In his reading, he asserted 
cultural nationalism is a "petty bourgeois response to 
oppressed people. A black man can be just as corrupt 
a white man .. .look at Flip Wilson." Imltead. Bara. 
suggested revolutionary nationalism as a real'ticlO 
oppressed nation against imperialism. And by [ocuslIl. 
on revolution, Barah successfully brou~t 
audience a culmination of the theme of the black tr"nnell. 
inside a white culture. 

, 

by Julie Poteet 
Staff Writer 

In a trio of concerts last weekend, 
the San Diego Symphony perfonned 
works of Schumann, Beethoven and 
Dvo rak, conducted by Music 
Director Peter Eros. 

The program opened with the 
"Overture to Manfred" by 
Schumann, a somber and dramatic 
piece that proved an interesting 
prelude to the major works of the 
evening. It was well-received by the 
audience and, as one musician was 
overheard to say during in-
termission, " the strings never 
sounded so good." 

The audience, by then, was ap-
propriately eager {or the Beethoven 
"Violin Concerto in 0 major" wiUJ 
Edith Peinemann as guest violin~. 
Both orchestra and soloist rose 
capably and admirably to the task 
set before them by the conunanding 
and energetic Eros. Peinemann has 
a beautiful mastery of the violin and 
gave us something to cherish with 
the soaring, piercing high notes and 
difficult passages. Stroking her 
instrwnent with terrific energy at 

DITTOS. William ~spe_a 
at 

The Fitting Room 
5887 University Ave. 

287-9160 

Bananas Love Seats 

30% off Suggested Retail Prices 
.. 

Juniors & Children 
selected Imperfects 

New Arrivals: Men'. Fashions 
Come on Over. Grab 8 Pair! 
hr. Mon - Fri: 10-6 Sun 12-5 

cRgMCfO 
IF.i::~cIl~~ 

times, Peinemann issued forth an surprising vigor and taste, although 
amazingly true intonation in the the second movement was a little too 
frequent rapid series of notes in her quick-paced. The San Diego Sym-
solos. 

The orchestra had its moment to phony has come a long way under 
shine, and shine it did, in Dvorak's the direction of Maestro Eros .and it 
"Symphony No. 8 in G major." All is concerts such as these that make 
four movements were played with it worth the trek downtown. 

====== 

Giuing aduice and counsel to the young louers Juliet [left, Denise 
Donato] and Romeo [right. Chris Canaan] is [center] Gerry Edwards as 
Friar Laurence. The UCSD dra m a department 's production of William 
Shakespeare 's timeless loue story "Romeo and Juliet ", directed by Eric 
Christmas . opens this Thursday night at eight. for 11 performances In the 
UCSD Theatre. 

******************** 
tAttention Muir Students!~ 
........ * i OUTDOOR : 

~ DANCE ~ 
~ (Weather Permittinq) : 
.. * 
.. Frlday, MarchIl9:00pm-l:00am * 
.. with * ~ New Da,a Rhythm Band ".,. i Upper Muir Quad * 

. .. DaDceColltestat1I:00pm * 
it Opea to a., cea.- - willDen ".,. 

~ receive Z free rood - trip tickets ~ : ..... _"'-, ~ 
: Sponsored by Muir Program Board and * 

~ Campus Rep for PSA -Mark * ~ Dana of CIEE Student Travel Services *" 

!******************* 

UA real gem .. a glowIng 
successl" San Diego Vnlon 

SHORT EYES 
by Miguel Pinero 

A <;1\1\ DI"90 pr ' 1111~r~ . Winner of the 
Obie illll.J N Y Dr3111C1 Crit ics Circle 
Award A drama about ml!n io pri'><Jn 

PageS 

At the Balboa Park Puppet Theatre 
Thru March 27th . Thursday ·Sunday 

Curtain; 8 00 pm . 

RESERVATIONS: 448-1423 
Student rates auailable 

Produced by 
Cali/ornia ·Paci/ic Community Theatre 

1096 DISCOUNT 
on any Ilurch cl se with th is coupon ad 

We WJnt you 10 try a new dimension 
in soup & sal ad res taurants. 
We make our own soups and offer 
a choice of four, a thick casserole, 
salad bar, meat sandwiches or quiche. 
For dinner, after 5, we add an entree . 
We al so serve beer, wine, and great 
desserts. 
Our prices are low; example: 
soup or sandwich & sa lad bar .. . S2.59 
Salad bar or sandwich & c.assero le ... $2.95 

8 A.M . to 10 P.M. Daily 
7610 FA Y AVE . LA JOLL A · ( 714 1 459 0504 

~ .~ 'lJ.-4, 
~.A ~t.""'" 

v:t.s Gn OI?~O 
"E£1'1 -

Opt9metry 
Orthokeratology 
Visual Perception 

1150 Camino Del Mar 
Suite B 

Del Mar California 92014 

......- U C San lIega Campus Program'Board presents 

RONNIE LAWS ANd PRE55tJRE 
Morch 13, A'OOpm 

UCSDGym 
UCSDSI $3 50 

G A. $4 50 
TIC els: UCSO Box off,ce ond 

011 Tlel-ellon Outl ts 452-4559 
~~ .... ___ For information cal 452·4559 



..... I 1iI •• IIIIIMOS WedaHday, Mardll, 1m 

It II 
ACids 

IT ClAssifiEds 
TRAVEl 

Book now - book on campusl 
Europe, H_all & Australia 
Charter Itights 
CIEE student Travel Sefvices 
Open weekdays 1-5 pm 452-0630 
Europe, Israel, Orient , Australia , NY & Chi. 
Complete student travel center. AIST, 291 S. 
La Cienaga BI. "0' Beverly Hills. 213/657-
2121 (6/121 ' 
There's over 40" of oaw snow! UC Spring Ski 
fest 3/26 to 412-- llfts, lodging, lrans. & 
parties. $161.95 at the box office (319). 

PERSONAls 
There's over 57" of new snow! UC spring ski 
fest-lilts, todglng, trans., & partles-$161.95 
at the box office (3/11) 

. Have you been In the Merchant Marines or on 
a cruise snip worlling? Please call Eva 436-
4924 . (414) 
New d\:lfinltlon of ASUCSO: All Students 
Under Control of A Semi-Dictatorship (3/11) 

Found-oldistagnant , non-dynamic form of 
student government : answers to ASUCSO 
(3/11) 
Typing laM selectric. Theses, term papers, 
etc. 452-1588 evenings . (6/6) 

FOUND - Old stagnation-dynamic form of 
student government: answers to ASUCSD 

New definition of ASUCSD: All students 
under control of a semi-dictatorship 
Only 5 miles north, ~Ight on Hwy. 101 Ex 
Librls 

r-------~--------~--------, 

FREE CHECKING IEEDB07 no minimum balance 

University City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 

453-8030 

Chris Mob..,., 
Englnp.erlng 
" It's oori '1g to read the way 
most paqple are taught. 
This Wily, you look at a 
page of print- you see the 
whole :>age. It's greatf' 

Member of F.D I.C. 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

45~9711 

WIlT I _ W", REIIRE • ..., 

'. I· BARrEllIIR" 
Lea ... a Dew, excitinl career tbat pays well and can be 

used while 10iDI to mllele. Mominl, afternoon and 
eveainl classes available to fit your schedule. 

Make a call to chan. your life. 
CaU"Stewe" or "Dennis" Hours 9 a.m. to 10,p.m. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I American Bartenders School I 1357 • 7th Ave San Diego CA. 92101 

~--------------------------

WhIle 1ft sill lne. 

John Futda, 
Law Student 
"With 60 briefs a week, 
the average student takes 
all week to prepare for 
class. In an evening, 
I'm finished:' 

Jim Creighton, 
Student 

Jenl Malara, 
Student 
"I had C's in high school. After 
Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics, 
I was able to maintain an A average:' 

Richard St.l..cIurent, 
Teacher 

"It's easy_ Once you 
knOVJ hOVJ to do it. it's 
super easy'" 

"I was skeptical, but nOVJ I'm 
reading around 2300 words a 
minute. Puts you that much 
ahead of everyone else:' 

It'li make homework a lot easier this yea!: In fact, you can cut your study time almost 
in half with the copyrighted techniques you learn in one free lesson. We'll give you the 
incredible secrets to easy speed reading, better concentration and greater comprehension, 
Taught in more than 300 cities throughout the U.S. It's easy. It's fun . It works. 

reacIng speed _ 
-100%1 

Tm EVB.YN WOOD READING I7tNAMICS 
@Copyr hI. 76 yelyn Wood Af'odonQ Oyrwnocl InC 

Only live miles north. nght on 101 , Ex Llbois 
Bookstore 129 N. Hwy. 101 . Solana Beach 
155-1323 

We buy and sell fine used books Ex Llbrls 
Bookstore 129 N. Hwy. 101 . Soiana Beach. 
155-1323 

Just 5 miles north, 20 ,000 used books. Ex 
librls Bookstore, 129 N. Hwy. 101 , Solana 
Beach 755-1323 

Every kind of book, fine and scarce, Ex librls' 
Book Store, 129 N. Hwy 101, Solana Beach 
755-7323 

Used 'books, curiosities, and oddities, just 5 
miles north. Ex Librls Bookstore, 129 N. 
Hwy. 101 , Solana Beach , 155-1323. 

Lost turquoise necklaCe on Mar. 2 on Mat-
thews sentimental gift please call Carta, 452-
9441 Reward. 

Lost : book "The Poem 1962-1968" please 
return to n office. 

Lost - Seiko watch In main gym, Monday call 
Gary 453-2118 

Julius stays up all night -- the onfy th ing that 
gets you guys up Is a water light. 

You're not alone Scott Rledler. I and many 
others support the Bakke decision, thanks 
for having the guts to speak the truth. No 
doubt you wi ll be called racist by those 
against the decision, It's :standard procedure 
for them to consider any idea In opposition to 
their own racist - battling for Bakke. 

Kathy - thanks for the beautiful fiowera love 
& kisses you know who 

Your lack of looks is due to the distortion 
caused by sweillng of the heads ... SKILL17II 

4th "MEN" Why not let the women of 4th 
evaluate your skill - c'mon out of lhe closet! 

TEASER the name is so appropriate, you 
ferocious and forever frustrating fiend. Love 
from the FIRECAT 

Jane -- It was nice swinging with you Monday 
night. Let's do it again. Love Tarzan 

lIousiNG 
Muir apartment contract for Spring double 
wino rmt yet call for Info -- good loc'n 453-
7245 Endre -

On beach In Del Mar share 2 bdrm l/al with M 
grad 150lmo util Incl. Avail now Bruce 481 -
7467 Eves 

Roomate wanted close to. UCSO. Pool & 
Jacuzzi. $110 month . Call Pat 566-9134 
mornings 279-2300 x250 eve. (319) 

F grad student 10 share Pt. Lama condo. $150 
& 'h utilities. Avalalble 4115171, call Pam 
270-9688 or 238-1885 ext. 49t (3/16) 

Male to share 2 BRM Del Mar apt w 2 blo 
majors pool 1 bk from beach & coast hwy 
clean 85 l mo 155-6317 (319) 

WANTEd 
Needed: fem rmmle spg qtr share rm In furn 2 
bdrm Del Mar apt. across street beach S82.50 
756-7181 (319) 

Need housemate April. Huge master BDAM 
In lovely LJ apt nr UCSD or 2 can share call 
Erica 453-1675 (3/11) . 
Need exIra cash? Paying Top Dollar for U.S 
silver COins before 1965, and pennies before 
1959. Ken 755-7371 (3121) 

ConttDued on Page 8 

INVITATION TO: 

BALLROOM D~NCE: CLUB 

.w ... - waLTZ -Ta.OO. MU.TL. 
... ..,.-PO.TIIOT-II_ ... -CMA-Cll_ .... 

~~TURD.4Y, M~RCH 12 8PM 
fR£E: 

RE:CRE:ATION CONfE:RE:NCE: 
ROOM 

8 -9 RE:VIE:W ~E:~~ION 
9-10 D"NCING 

·10-11 DANCE: CONTE:n 
11-? DANCING 

PRIZE:~ fOR 1n Pl~E: IN: 
~WING - WAlTZ - fRE:E:WI~ 


