
Grady in , Schneider 
Out for ASUCSD Vote 

by Reed Alpert 
Staff Writer-

The disqualification of AS presidential candidate Steve Grady has been 
reversed by the Transition Team's Elections Sub-committee and Grady 
will now face Jeff Leifer in a run-off election May 11 and 12. 

Leifer, who placed first in the April 20-22 elections, was originally 
scheduled to face in the CWl-off, Andy Schneider, who placed third. Grady 
had placed second but was disqualified for failure to submit his financial 
statement by the official deadline. 

The sub-committee has certified the winners of the April 20-22 elections 
and the participants of the May 11-12 run-off election contingent upon 
campus-wide publication of the sub-conunittee audit findings and review 
of alleged rule violations. 

In a five hour meeting Wednesday, the sub-committee examined 
candidates' financial statements and written campaign allegations. The 
audits revealed no infractions that could be substantiated or were serious 
enough for disq ualification. 

In a five hour meeting Wed-
nesday, the sub-committee 
examined candidates' financial 
statements and written campaign 
allegations. The audits revealed no 
infractions that could be sub-
stantiated or were serious enough 
for disqualification. 

The allegations fell into three 
.... ~ categories: placing posters in 

~ illegal places, placing oversize 
~ posters and campaigning within 
t3 100 feet of the polls. According to 
o Dave Ernst, Assistant Vice-
o Chancellor of Financial 
&. Management, and staff advisor to 

~ the sub-committee, the sub-

Police Set 
Monday for 
"Time to Talk" 

by John Compton 
Staff Writer 

Jay Dyer feels "it's time to 
talk." 

When liie gets tough and you .,.each the end of your rope, just tie a knot and ... well this isn't quite what we hod In committee found that of the first 
mind. This effigy was hung from the crone being used to construct the Medical School Teaching Facility , Sunday . two types of allegations " even if 

they were true they were not 

; Dyer, a campus policeman, has 
been disturbed by the miscon-
ceptions and the "general lack of 
communication between police and 
the community." To help remedy 
the matter he has scheduled a "gab 
fest" next Monday in the north 
conference room of the Student 
Center from 7:30 to 9:30 pm. Them! is "Independencia" substantial enough to disqualify a candidate. " 

C'inco de Mayo Celebration Scheduled 
Infractions of the third type were 

unable to be substantiated. 
"Decision Fair One" 

Schneider, who was ousted from 
the run-off by the sub-committee 
ruling, said in a letter to the 
students of UCSD "I feel the 
decision of the sub-committee was 
a fair one and I respect the open 
and honest process by which the 
sub-committee reached its difficult 

While working around the 
campus, Dyer has discovered that 
students have a wide range of 
questions on many aspects of the 
law and its enforcement. Questions 
center around such subjects as 
marijuana and rape. He has 
decided to institute some ''In-
formal rap sessions" to deal with 
these questions. Dyer also hopes to 
create a better image of the police 
·oncampus. 

MEChA has planned a tbree-day 
celebration on the theme 
"lndependencia" in honor of Cincq 
de Mayo for tomorrow through 
Saturday with music, dance and 
theatre presentations, an art show 
and a free barbecue. 

The bulk of the celebr:atiQO is set 
for tomorrow, from 10 am to 5 pm 
on Muir Field. The celebration will 
open with a talk on the historical 
significance of Cinco de Mayo by 
UCSD history professor Ricardo 
Romo. 

(Cinco de Mayo, the most im-
portant national holiday in Mexico, 
conunemorates the victory of the 
Mexican people against French 
military forces on May 5, 1862. The 
Mexican victory was one of a 
series of batties with France, 
which culminated in the ouster of 
the French in May, 1867.) 

other events set for tomorrow 
include a performance by Ballet 
Folklorico, a reading by the poet 
Alurista and several speakers on 
the independencia theme. The free 
barbecue will be from noon to 1:00 
pm. 

Will Knowledge 
of Biologica I 
Clock Solve 

Mental Disease? 

"Short scenes from Chicano 
Theatre," an overview of the place 
teatro Chicano holds in recent 
history, and "Las Many Muertes 
de Richard Morales," by Carlos 
Morton, will be performed Friday 

night in room 107, Third College 
Lecture Hall. 

A dance in building "c" of the 
Student Center is set for Saturday 
night, to begin at8:00 pm. 

On your Mark; Get-Set .. 
It's the Annual Trike Races 

by Valerie Israel 
Staff Writer 

The fourth Annual UCSD Trike Races-now more challenging than 
ever-will highlight a day of fun and festivity this Saturday at the Muir 
College Quad beginning at 12: 30 pm. . 

Enthusiastic trikers from all parts of the University community are 
expected to participate in the events ofthis annual campus tradition. 

Alan Kremen, graduating senior and Trike Race Founder and Coor-
dinator, has been hard at work making his last race "the greatest yet." 
"Nothing can match the fantastic turn-out and media coverage that we 
received last year," said Kremen, "but this year's race will be my last 
one and I really want to go crazy with it." 

Kremen has arranged for Baum and Estin, highly regarded CDmedians 
who regularly perform at the Comedy House in Los Angeles, and KGB's 
sports announcer and occasional comic Larry Himmel to add to the 
intoxicating atmosphere as they emcee the race. 

Continued on Page 3 

by Joel C. Don 
Associate News Editor 

Long before the invention of 
alann clocks and the "nlne-t&-
five" daily work routine, human 
beings - and for that matter all 
living organisms - have been 
guided by an internal "organic 
clock" which rarely misses its 
regular schedule. 

It was an 18th century French 
botanist who became acutely 
aware of the regulatory cycle 
which governs an organism's 
daily active/inactive period. In 
a simple experiment, he took a 
flowering plant, kept it in 
constant darkness, and noticed 
by dim candlelight, that the 
plant maintained its continuous 
cycle of flowers opening and 
closing during the normal 24-
how: period. 

Within the past decade, a 
UCSD School of Medicine 
researcher has traced the 
location of this "biological 
clock" in animals to the 
hypothalamus, a portion of the 
brain in humans which is known 
as the center of emotions. And it 
has been suggested that many 
mental diseases such as ex-

treme depression and hyper-
tension may, in effect, be 
simply due to an individual's 
internal "clock" or 
hypothalamus gone awry. 

According to Robert Y. 
Moore, professor of or-
thopedics, the hypothalamus in 
mammals is the seat of a 
biological "clock" based on a 
regular 24-hour cycle com-
monly known as the circadian 
rhythm. The notion of a 24-hour 
period is common in nature, as 
Moore pointed out that the 
circadian rhythm is pre~ent in 
unicellular organis~, lower 
vertebrates and invertebrates, 
as well as man: 

Maintains Constant Cycle 
The distinctive nature of the 

circadian rhythm is that it will 
have a high or low point, 
corresponding to an organism's 
active or inactive state, at 
precise intervals of 24 hours. 
Moore insists that the circadian 
rhythm maintains its constant 
cycle. 

"The most important aspect 
of the circadian rhythm is that 
It is generated from within the 
organism, even though it may 
follow the environmental in-

resolution. I intend to support J'!ff 
• 4!ifer in the run-off election and 

will actively campaign for him if 
he so wishes. I am committed to 
working with the AS and encourage 
stUdents to vote and become in-
volved." 

Laura Kerl, who placed first in 
the Academic Affairs Com-
missioner race but was 
disquaJified for failure to submit a 
financial statement, has also been 
reinstated and will face Brad 
Drexler in the run-off election. 

The sub-committee also decided 
not to place the question of 
changing the official UCSO mascot 
from the Triton to the Koala on the 
run-off election ballot. Ernst said 
'The time frame for questions was 

the last ballot and the sub-
conunittee does not want to place 
questions on the ballot at this 
time." 

fluences of light and dark," he 
said, adding, however, that the 
rhythm is important in the 
adaptation of an organism to its 
environment. 

Moore noted that circadian 
rhythms prepare organisms to 
encounter various en-
vironmental situations ; as 
nocturnal mammalian 
organisms remain awake and 
active at night while diurnal 
organisms "peak" during the 
day. An example of failing to 
follow one's normal rhythm is 
the problem of "jet lag," en-
countered when crossing time 
zones. The timing mechanism, 
according to Moore, has to be 
set from the input of the ex-
ternal world, or visual 
acknowledgement of night and 
day. 

In the initial investigations, 
Moore eliminated the en-
vi ronmental .experience of night 
and day, by severing the visual 
pathways in rats which send the ' 
signals from the eye to Ute 
brain. The rats, however, still 
followed the 24-hour circadian 
rhythm. It was discovered that 
there was one last pathway 
from the eye to the 

Dyer noted that the only time 
people come in contact with the 
police is when they have violated 
the law, need their assistance or 
see them as authoritarian figures 
in film and television. 

Different Image of 
Police 

"Naturally, this give:s a 
misunderstanding of police," said 
Dyer. " Don't believe that crap 
they put on television - it simply 
isn't there. I hope to put away that 
image of associating the police 
with something bad." 

The meetings will be held 
monthly with the structure and 
content depending on "what's on 
people's minds. " Dyer stressed 
that "it will not be a lecture type 
oriented meeting, but rather an 
informal discussion, in which 

Continued on Page 3 

hypothalamus, which couldn't 
be severed without destroying 
the tiny hypothalamus of the 
rat. 

Upon l~s of a functioning 
hypothalamus, the rats not only 
lost the sense of light and dark, 
but also lost their circadian 
rhythm. This discovery led 
Moore and his fellow reo 
searchers to deem the 
hypothalamus the "master 
clock" which regulates all other 
clocks in mammalian 
organisms. 

Pathological Diseases 
Correlated 

And with this discovery, 
scientists were able to correlate 
the role of the hypothalamus in 
certain pathplogical illnes es. 

"the disturbances found in 
manic-d pressives is a problem 
with I=eriodicity .. . either the 
clocK mechani m is too slow or 
too fast. " M ore ia. H x-
plained that " in the manics, it 
appear to be too fast, that is, 
they have a 24-hour c1!A.k wruch 
may be 23 hours, wherea WIth 
the depressives it appear to be 
too low." 

Although treatment on human 
ntluued 0 Page 3 



.. 

.... el 

times 
UCSan Dieao 

Unsigned 4!ditorials represent a majority opinion of the Triton Times 
Editorial Bard. which is composed of Executive editor David Eisen. 

Managing e:litor Mark Stadler. News editor Alan Russell , Associate News 
edilbr Alec Nedelman, Production manager Shauna Stokes and Assistant 
Managing editor Ran Anbar . All signed rna/erial and artwork represent 
the author's opinion and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Triton 

Better Ballot, Please 
The TraaIlitloD Team'. ElecUoDi SaIM!ommlttee baa decided to Dot 

aUow oy issue qaestioDi OD lied week'. ASUOID ballot. Tllere wtlI alIo 
be no Spacel on the .Oot for write-iD eIIgdldl('leI. 

We leel the Saboeommittee members bave made a mistake. 
They claim to be trying to improve tile nedgUDc electoral pI'OceIS at 

UCSD. They would do well to remember the mo.t important tbJn& 
they should be doin& is opening up the electoral procell to u maay 
students u possible. These two recent decisions are antithetical to tbis 
aim. 

We understand their argument that tbe proceu for becoming a ell. 
didate or placing an issue on the "It ballot wal open to everyone. 
However, studeatl should always be able to draft candidate.. TIley 
should also be able to solicit tbe opiDlons of otber studeDti on issue 
questions at every opportunity. Next week's election is Just such an o~ 
portunlty. 

DOg Law Change Needed 
Instead of placing a leash on dots' necks, the new dog laws have strung 

a noose around the necks of some oWDers. 
Tbe ionoceot are suHerlng along with the guilty. This Is not how it 

should be. Dogs that are leashed should be allowed with their owners In 
class-those that are loose should be picked up. As the present law stands, 
however, owners may not take their dogs Into the claSsroom with them. 
This leaves the question as to where the dogs can be deposited. Some 
owners either do not have the alternative to leave their dogs at home or 
feel such an action is "cruel and unusual." 

Barring a change of the law we suggest two thing: dog racks or 
" Iookjng the other way." We've got a choice between tying dogs to racks 
like horses In tbe old west or lollowlng the current campus smoking 
policy, which, as we all know, is being lpored. 

Jobs Open Next Year 
ThInk you'll need a job ned year? U so, keep readin&. 
The Triton Times holds aanual elections for Its Executh'e Board 

posltlona-for the nine people who wID be editon lor a year. ElectioDi for 
1977-78 jobs will be held May zOaad 21. 

Information 'and appUcatloDl are available iD the 17 office, iD tbe 
southwest corner of the student ceater. SpeclflcaDy, we would appreciate 
hearing from those with some journalilUc experietlce, and wbo doD't eIIre 
If they are slightly underpaid. In order to open up tbe paper further, we 
would like applications from those In the UCSD community who bave 
never worked for the 17, and who would like to Bee some changes iD the 
paper's coverage. 

Apply , please. 

Time For A New Mascot 
A proposal has been put forth by the Alumnl & Friends, UC San Diego to 

replace the current Triton mascot with one they claim to be more a~ 
propriate lor the San Diego campus. They propose the koala bear be 
designated as the new mascot. They claim the Triton, which is a mollusk, 
is a poor representative for our campus. The koala, they say, Is an animal 
found oo1y In San Diego within the United States and so is Ideally suited to 
being the mascot lor the San Diego campus. They are asking the question 
he put before the students In next week's government elections. 

We agree the matter should be voted on by the students. After all, It was 
the students that originally voted for the TritoD8 over the Dolphins. We 
even kind of like tbe idea of the koala as our new mascot. However, we do 
have definite probll!ms with the " Koala Times". 

.......... h •• .,. w .... y, May t, JJT7 

Letters to the Editor 

Bookselling is· a Serious Business 
Perhaps it is time to get a few facts straight about 

the summer job opportunity offered by the South-
western Company. (see TT letters In April 20 and .22 
issues) The bookselling business is not an easy one. 
The hours are long (75 hours per week minimum), the 
schedule is rigorous, and one has to face a lot of 
rejection. But Fred Schialdler is wrona wben he 
claims that students who are about to do it are 
unaware of this. Students are not only told that tbe job 
requires hard work, they are not accepted for the job 
unless they agree to work 75 hours per week. I know 
of no one from UCSD who went out last summer that 
wasn't aware of this. 
It is totally absurd to believe that a publishing 

company which has worked with college students 
since the depression would still be around if their 
product was something that "people just don't buy". 
It is even more absurd to believe that they could force 
someone to live in a church basement Students are 
free to live anywhere they want (but personaOy I 
would prefer a cheap place - and If the cheapest 
place around happened to be a church basement, then 

Hallelujah.) 
The percentage of students who didn't stay out last 

sununer is around 25 percent as Steve Catton claims, 
but then again, a good number 01 entering freshmen 
drop out of UCSD before their first year is over. Does 
this make U~D an "exploitative" school? (On 
second thought, don't answer that! ) 

There are no "quotas" lor selling in this job. 
Rather, the strongest motivating is directed not 
toward selling, but toward working the hardest. I was 
lauded last summer as the HI salesman during a 
particular week, even though there were other 
students who had sold more - I bad simply put in 
more demonstrations than anyone else that week. 

Fred and Steve are doing UCSD students and the 
Southwestern Co. a service in telling people to beware 
of the job. If you are looking forward to a lay back 
sununer or an easy way to do some traveling, then 
stay clear of the booksel\ing business. The job does 
offer travel, with a catch: you have to work to get 

w~re you're going - but there is nothing dishonest 
about that. 

GREGORY BAKER 

'Onker, Roon and Scone (A Tale of Tenure) 
In the land of Ooskeedee must be 
UVed three blind men, blind steeps 
three. 

For it eats research and research 
cree! 

A tenurous beast they did flee 
While skiddling and piddling from 
hitherto thee . 

And doesn't teach philO8Ophy. 

For isn't it plain as plain can see 
That research needs philosophy? 

The first blind onker, a philosopher 
he The second blind roon came round , 
Said how strange this tenure beast aghast, 

. . 

1<~§lcI~lItlcal AJdrtrnf?lIt i2cttf?§ 
Iff«tl~f? Jul, 1! 1~1-' 

Coast-studio ............................ $118.00 
1-Bdrm ........................ . . . ..... 146.00 
2-Bdrm ........................ . ....... 159.00 

Mesa - 2-Bdrm ........................... 173.00 

Campus - I·Bdrm . . .......... .. . .. . ... . ... 177.00 
2-Bdrm ................... . .... . ....... 225.00 
3·Bdrm .................. . ............. 265.00 

It is innovation this beast does ask. 
Research alone in a flask 
caJUlot meet this creative task. 

For isn't plain, in plain contrast 
That progress has a creative past? 

The third blind scone stood his 
station. 
This beast needs a teaching ration, 
Not creative fenestration 
But some solid application. 

For isn't it plain, in this plain 
nation 
That doing gets the jobulation? 
Then past them by a dull old man 
Having a tenure well in hand, 
Stalking the beast in its native land 
Slew it there as he had planned. 

And this he says, and this said he, 
You are as right as bright can be. 
But still displaced or did you see? 
The principle of c apitalarity? 

Another word for creativity 
Is patents for the university 
Another word for teaching thee 
Is free labor and tuition fee. 

So blind men you must be wise 

"The most outrageously "The goriest and sexiest 
gruesome epic ever." -Playboy 'frankenstein' ever filmed." 

And keep these sights from your 
eyes. 
By this aggression not be stained 
For seeking wisdom we shall 
remain. 

Jlndy Warbols -Newsweek 
• 

ran ~ns ~In ® 
Thursday May 5 7: 30 & 9 p.m. 

USB 2722 Tickets $1.00 at Box Office 
'. 

Oh ! cried the blind steeps, one, 
two, three, 
[t is plain as plain can be. 
For all the blind ; for all to see 
Tenure is money, ... and hypocrisy. 

E. AkustOllY 

r:'-'~~~~~~' 
, Kinko's Special , 
, Copies , 
, .21/2 ¢ t 
, each t 
t NoMlnlmum 
t Klnkos 
t 763 Turquol Pacific Beach ~(\. ~ L ___ 0 ..... 

WedJlesday, May 4, 1m 

Letter to the Editor 

Is IT Incompetent? 

. triton times 

Police.. 
Continued from Page 1 _ 

hopefully several officers will be 
present to answer qUtdtionS and 
give their different opinions." 

As a plaintiff in a lawsuit, I still enjoin you in a libel suit. We will Pointing out that the law is in-
have the responsibility and rights see. Yellow journalism is also an . terpreted by each individual of-
to give my opinions, as a Journalist imprecise tenn, and questionable. ficer, Dyer said that "there is a 
aboutjoumallsm. However, you do have a history of wide range of legally acceptable 

I do not need to address my distortion, omission, or misuse of ways in which an officer may apply 
criticism of the Triton Times' public information, masmuch as the law." He also claimed that 
journalism to the Executive your propaganda campaigns unlike the city police, the campus 
Editor, in lieu of others. My illustrate that. Is this yellow police are more "corrununity 
criticisms are open. journalism or Incompetence? Are service oriented," and have more 

As my letter to the Triton Times you Incompetent or corrupt? I am time to talk with and understand 
of April 29 clearly shows, I cannot quite willing to ask that question in the needs of its corrununity. 
consider tbe Triton Times jour- Superior Court. One important facet that Dyer 
nallstically responsible. I inquired VIC BLOOMAERG hopes will emerge from the talks is 
with my attorneys about libel suits PubUc Allalnl " rumor control. It seems that 
against your paper. TIley agreed Community Accels Coordinator whenever there is an increase in a 
that I had reason to complain. KSOT RadIo specifiC type of crime on campus, 

However, you were reasonable in [EdItor's note: Once again It such as the recent assaults, a 
your question as to your paper's should be established that ae- strong interest is generated, and 
status as a muckracker. Your cording to KSOT station manager gives rise to rumors that 
paper does not muckrake, it throws Hal Bassett, Bloomberg Is exaggerate the actual events." 
mud. IT f can ever have the legal speaking only for himself, not for Dyer believes that if people know 
and financial resources, I may KSOT.] exactly what's going on they will 
.------------;,....--....;".--------., not have to rely on local gossip. 

CbeapFood 
Recipes by Helen Martin 

Chicken Salad 
6 chicken breasts 
1 can pineapple chwb in juice 
1 bunch of white grapes 
2 cups diced celery 
1 package slivered almonds 
1 can diced water chestnuts 
2 cups mayonnaise 
2 tablespoons soy sauce 
1 tablespoon curry powder 
Boil chicken breasts and cut Into chunks. Mix together all the ingredients. 
Chill. Serves ~. Approximate price $5. 

Lessons 

plus special guests 

Trikes... 
Continued Irom Page 1 

Challenging Course 
This year's remodeled course 

holds many devastating obstacles 
to challenge the skill and durability 
of the most proficient triker. In-
cluded in the devillsh entrapments 
and obstacles, Kremen said, Ill'e a 
sand and water trap, cardiac hill, 
and a pit stop where you must stop 
and munch down peanut butter and 
crackers, chug-a-lug a cream soda, 
and whistle Dixie before moving 
on. Participants must also pass 
though Tenaya Hurricane and the 
Three S's and Tioga Waterfall 
before reaching the Pie-Face 
Finish. 

crock... 
Continued from Page 1 

subject by chemotherapy is only in 
the early stages, Moore expresses 
hope for the potential of further 
research in this field . " Once you 
can see how the system is 
regulated, then you can look for the 

Pagd 

appropriate drugs to manipulate 
the system, so that you can ' reset 
the timing.' " 

Drugs can be administered to 
regulate the balance of the 
hypothalamus, although Moore 
takes a cautious approach in 
treating such a delicate organ. 

It 's like fine tuning a stringed 
instrument·," he noted, saying 
" you want to have each of the 
strings In the right tune." 

Is this new potential treatment 
for psychological disorders a move 
toward an organic approach to 
psychiatry? Moore seems to 
believe so, asserting that " the old 
psychoanalytic FreUdian-type 
approach is becoming less and less 
popular." He also noted that the 
physiological approach to 
psychiatry, exemplified by the 
School of Medicine's own de-
partment, is the new preference of 
medical research as institutions 
are looking for more and more 
" biological" psychiatrists. 

san diego civic theatre 

thurs. may 26 an seats reserved 
'8.60 , '7.50 

WIN A 280-Z 
FROM 1.104 FM! 

8pm 
You read right! Tickets available at 011 Ticketron outlets, and 

Center box office, 202 CSt. 
For information call 236-6510 
Pr~duced by Pacific Presentatio,:,s 

You could possibly win a beautiful new Datsum 280-Z from 
Z-104 FM. 

Serving 10rIh COUnty Ind ..... 

PREVENTIVE OPTOMETRY 
Specializing in Water Soluble 
and Flexible Contact lenses 

OrthokeratoD 
Visual Perception 

'ISO Comino Del Mar Suite 8 Del Mar 
For an Appointment 755-s.484 

How? 
By coming into your nearest Jack·In·The·Box restaurant and 

asking for details and your FREE Z-104 sticker! Simply display 
the sticker on your automobile ... that 's it! Who knows? If 
you win, you could be putting around in a brand·spanking new 

'Datsun 280-Z from Z·104! (No purchase necessary) 



Palet 

••••••••••••• ~~ 
'Be 'JIogurl c!l/foir ~ iJ II 

I I t030 Toney Pines Rd. ~~ I La Joll. 0 r • 
.~t a tree crunchy topping with the PurehalJOf 

any yogurt. 

••••••••••••••• 

ffllJltll {d-. hf)t1Ct Etxllcl ()1t?~lIt§ lilt? ltillcl 
4111'lJ()1 Sunl·fflllnd l [)I11f)t?1 Uetf)£t? II) I::t? I1dcl Ctt 

1100 tf) 1100 "'~I( 1:>,. I3lctl,. 
,». IJO u)u~lt? 
~Id)t?t§ nctllcttlt? OO~ ctl l ct1 ... ( 

l3u,. l'I)UI tld2f:h 111,.. (llJ()f)lIllf:§ ctlf: II rnltro. 

MARSHALL TUCKER BAND 
SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

SEA LEVEL 
Feptur ing : 

Jaimoe, Chuck leollell, lomor Will ioms 
of the Allman Bros. and Jimmy Nalls 

San Diego Civic Theatre 
Tues., May 10th 8:00 p.m. 

All seats reserved: $6.50, $7.50 
Tickets available at all Ticketron outlets, and 

Center box office, 202 CSt. 
For information call 236·6510 

(All previously purchased tickets will be honored) 
Produced by Pacific Presentations 

A BARGAiN AT ANY PRia 
. EspEciAlly 2~ CENTS 

Discount Auto Sound 
Docs it Better' 

_... -!:---: .. ... 
Deluxe Super Mini Cassette Player 
6 watts of powel" " S small , bu,lt like 
a rodvno'hi~ can match it .n its pr,ce 
classl reg . 554.95 

ONSALE 534.95 

(l"hHl" 1- uctavo" a -tr8Ck Stere(l Player. 
6 waifS I , ghod de.", power, All shoe 

~O'l"OI$ M,nu,l . Auto Channel ~1"Ct. 
'~eQuI8r lrlCe $54 95 

:J,,!SAIE $34.95 

DeIV .1 9000 In dash ~Oltd ~tale 
car c ..... s~tt e tilP~ playe r Com", 
WIth .eM4=M MPX ster~o radIO 
balan c" tone contrOl . hut rorwiud. 
and e ).·c l . FantastIc \3V l ngsl 
Mig. It" was 129.95 

ON SALE $79.95 

- Car Alarm 
V.bra·Alarm gives you the ultimate 
In vetucle protection, inside as well 
as ouu.de. Protects luggage rack, 
trailer, bike rack . The belt one yet ' 
Come and check It OUt l 
Installation available. 

$34.95 

Sonvo OeluKe 413 AM·FM Stereo 
!..lSH l1e plo>ter wtth tas1· torward. OI,JnuOlI 
dnd auto ~lftCI at end of taPt . local 
dIstance SWllch dnd more 

ON SALE $89.95 

The MEC 605 AM FM 8·Tree'" SUlleo 
Plaver has 6 bIg waHl per chllnn~ 1 il' d 
fedturl!s an e;l(llernely sensnlV\! FM 
tuner and yood 8 T rO(k sound tOI 
tOP performance 1 >tur pans and 
Idbu' warran' .. 

ON SALE $74.95 

'84" Garnet, Pacific Beach 
OPPOSITE FINE ARTS THEATRE 

INSTALLATION & REPAIRS. 272·9350 

triton tilDes Wecllaetillv 4, 1977 • rlloll 11 .. 1t'S 

Bob Seger • A IILive Bullet" on the to the Top 'The Former';VengeonceFlicl~ Reduced to Checl~list Violence 
by Tim Macuazle 

AI1aEditor 

Paying dues. You just can't get 
by In life without paying 'dues. It's 
slaving over a tenn paper only to 
have a near-sighted TA give you a 
C+. It's driving a Pinto for five 
years so you can save up and buy a 
real car. It's kissing asses so you 
can become powerful and kick 
asses. Ask Bob Seger about paying 
dues. Last fall he had to open in 
San Diego for Black Sabbath. Now 
that's paying dues. 

Bob Seger has come blazing out 
of obscurity (That's just east of 
Ann Arbor) to become one of 
America's hottest rock and rollers. 
His latest albums, Uve Bullet and 
Nlgbt Moves have both shattered 
the gold barrier, while his con-
certs, with him headlining, have 
sold out just about everywhere, 
except San Diego. You can't win 
'em all. 

Ticket sales aside, those who 
did show for the Bob Seger and the 
Silver Bullet show last Friday at 
the Sports Arena were treated to 
one of the finest rock and roll 
shows since the Seger show last 
year. 

Seger is a well-traveled singer 
who knows how to balance and 
pace his sets to prevent tedium and 
redundancy. With Nlgbt Moves 
material in tow, he was able to use 
ballads like " Down On Main 
Street" and the title track in ad-
dition to standards like "Turn The 
Page" and "Beautiful Loser." The 
ballads make the audience ap-
preciate the pace-changing 
rockers like "Nutbush City 
Limits" and "Katmandu" even 
more. 

Book 
REViEW 
SYMphoNY 

by 
lAWRENaW~ 

Standouts in the Silver Bullet 
Band were guitarist Drew Abbott 
and saxophonist Alto Reed. Abbott 
was able to generate as much 
energy as all three Lynyrd Skynrd 
guitarists, while Reed huffed and 
puffed on innumerable 
saxophones, climaxed by a trek to 
the top of the speaker banks, where 
he stood rather shakily for the 
encore. 

Opening the Friday concert was 
Stan, a new heavy-metal baild 
with elements of Aerosmith, Kiss, 
and countless others. And while 
they were entertaining in a sense, 
they still came on like a breath of 
stagnant air, a rock and roll band 

by Jalie Poteete 
Staff Writer 

Sympbony is a novel about an up-
and-eoming symphony orchestra'in an 
American city. Its members, its board 
of directors and its conductor are 
focused upon in an intense evening 
concert given by the symphony. 
Waddy gives his chapters titles such 
as ' ~Prelude" and "Symphony" to 
relate to the works presented that 
evening. 

Reading Symphony, one is invited to 
share in the lives and loves of 
musicians, in the fund-raising 
troubles of the symphony association 
president and in the tensions between 
musicians and the board of directors. 

U.C. San Dieco'Campus 
Procram Board Presents 

in Concert 

•.......... ~ .. ~ ..... 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Kenny 
Loqqins 

ione night only! 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

May 7, 8: 00 pm 
U.C.S.D. Gym 
UCSO Students $4.50, G.A. $6.00 
UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

with every cliche known in 
business. They have their 
Daltrey-Plant lookallke 
replete with gultar hwnping 
baae-pee utterances. Add a 
of musicians with the skill 
Runaways to back him and 
gotStarz. 

Their big production 
was "Pull The Plug," a 
written about Karen Quinlan 
featuring Michael Lee 
Daltrey-Plant fucking 
with the microphone. Pull the 
indeed. 

'Following Starz on the bill 
Sammy Hagar, making his 
ever appearance in San Diego. 

Tensions in this 'Sphere are 
concerned with money, or 
it, since patrons don't 
support American SV[nDtIODV • 
chestras and musicians, 
skilled and sometimes very 
are ridiculously underpaid. 

Although the Eagle City 
Orchestra is fictitious, 
characte'rs and situations 
striking resemblance to those 
San Diego Symphony, with 
author is very much invl~lvl~ 
adds to the enj 
eavesdropping and peE~pi~1i 
intimate details of the 
li'ves. For example, there is 
Dietz, whose lover beats her 
who, with a bruised lip, warns a 

The 

It·s here! The 
and arrows from 

ex-Montrose singer is an energetic 
and enthusiastic rocker with 
enough talent to be bigger than 
Montrose on the music scene. 

Hagar needs more balance to his 
set, before he will be ready to 
tackle the.challenge of headlining. 
He already has plenty of decent 
rockers, "Cruisin' and Boozin" , 
being one of the more noteworthy. 

He has some unusual ideas about 
rock music, including his 
fascination with the color red and 
an interest in science fiction. Now 
all he needs is to communicate his 
innovations into his music. Right 
now, however, Hagar is in the " It 's 
only rock n' roll" rut. 

woman cellist to avoid the overtures 
of this man. Two minutes later the 
man makes his move on the young 
cellist. 

One might find it hard to believe 
that during one concert, two great 
new romances have auspicious 
beginnings, two broken marriages 
are restored, a member of the or-
chestra reveals he is dying of cancer, 
a Hungarian guest pianist con-
templates defecting to the United 
States and the orchestra's financial 
problem is all but erased with a 
handsome check. There are a lot of 
people involved and it is feasible that 
all this could happen. And besides, it's 
a lot of fun to believe. 

by Scott SadU 
Associate News Editor 

If, in irrational fits of pacifistic sentimentality, students of film were 
ever to become overly concerned with the increasing amounts of violence 
found in the last decade of American movies, or, in an even more 
mawkish condition, they began to worry about how all this rough stuff 
affects people fed a steady diet of it, I would rent a theatre and give 
continuous free showings of David Berlatsky's recently-released movie 
"The Farmer" so that everyone, myself included, would see that it is the 
insipid, subliterate narratlve style of certain films from all genres, 
violent or not, that should really be bothering us . 

"The Fanner" is the latest in the growing crop of sanguine, I-don't-
want-revenge-I-just-want-~get-even, vengeance films. Instead of using 
the USI¥lI high blood per frame of film ratio as a storytelling device, 
however, Berlatsky merely turns the violence into a mediwn itself. As 
such, the only progress of the movie involves a checklist rundown of 
mildly engrossing, if rather predictable retaliatory assault tactics. The 
list includes examples from most chapters of the Movie Assailant 
Manual: acid (as eye drops), strangulation (B-fiat piano string garrote), 
fire (man as fuel), rape (how else would a character named Weasel make 
a woman?) , untimely fall (from a high window) , guns (many, of which a 
sawed-off ShotglUl blast that propels a mobster across the ground as if he 

~as on a slip-n-slide is the most impressive), and a selection from the 
miscellaneous chapter (section iix; clothes dryer). One wonders why a 
drowning was left off of this nearly complete roster. 

But despite the 'R' amounts of blood and bedlam, the filrri is exactly like 
something pulled from prime-time TV. You keep waiting for anything 
besides the ingenuity of attack to develop. Instead, we are given Gary 
Conway as a World War n Silver Star veteran returning to the family 
fann, only to discover that his father has died, the place looks like it 
failed to escape some kind of combat duty of its own, and the bank is 
clamoring for old bills to be paid. The $1,500 Conway is given for pulling 
gambler Michael Dante out of a burning car wreck is not enough to save 
the farm, so when Dante receives some painful eye drops from the local 

m~rs, Conway hires out to do the blind man's dirty work. 
Relying on the more basic narrative devices of film-making, this and 

other plotting parts of the movie are actuslly the most grating portions to 
watch. Scenes are shot in the television style of back-and-forth closeups 
that disallow any real character interaction. Some cliched, "artsy" 
camera work (Conway in a slow-motion, bleeding-heart prance on his 
way to embrace his Steppin' Fetchit friend; a poinUess, double-imaged 
love scene) is mixed in a self-justifying but fuWe attempt to make the 
film into more than a blood-and-guts collage. The banter and verbal 
sparring one expects from characters destined to fight one another 
develop no ffirther than exchanges of scatological references. A few 
times Ber~tsky incorporates a song or voice-()ver narration as though 
they were necessary to explain the plot or to give insight in Conway's 
motivating feelings, as if there is more going on than we can see. There 
isn't . 

But all of this flawed work could have been offset If the focus of the film, 
vengeful viol~, wu presented with an element of style. But neither the 
director nor the leading actorlkiller have the propelL'lity for anything but 
the most maudlin action. Berlatsky keeps the intensity of the film at the 
level of Saturday morning adventure cartoons by speeding through all 
homicidal scenes with a limited~ot, nearly-static camera, denying any 
visual graphicness or emotional empathy. Instead of some sort of 
pungent response to the killing, we just feel like making another 'X' on 
our checklists. And Conway, constantly gnawing on a cigar and wearing 
dark wire:.rimmed glasses, attempts to emulate the cold vindictiveness of 
more skilled get-even guys like Clint Eastwood and Charles Bronson, but 
fails to say the word or perform an act that is in the least bit clever or 
appealing, thus coming off with the purposefulness and elan of an Orange 
County motorcycle cop trying to fill a ticket quota. There is no seqse of a 
person fighting for some personal justice. 

The dull, uninspired p-resentation of the material around which "The 
Farmer" is constructed subverts the very notion of a film purportedly 
concerned with violent retaliation. When intended anger and blood are 
mashed into a stale phlegm, it is the flavor, not the ingredients, that 
makes the potion hard to swallow. 

Mandeville Lectures '77 presents 

MICHAEL 
HARRINGTON 

Chairman of the Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee & 
author of : The Other America, Fragments of the Century, 
and The Twllight of Capltall.m 

"The American Dream: 
The Pulitzer · __ .,nM.n'". Dream of Reality" lling political ob~;e1"lll~ 

hold name across 
topic in 

Now 
Uncle Duke to 
voy, he meet s a call. 'l inu 
and the kind of 
pecially tricky 

AN ESPIECIIICKY 

May 26 , 8 :00 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Admission: FREE 
for more information: 452-4559 

Page 5 

T~c Great Haircut Place l}an Co 
Drop iq for 8 ¥R££ PERSON~ ~(l ' 
1443 La Jolla Blvd ~ ~_ 
454-3038 ~ ... 
Men & women -- we specialize in haircuttingonly -- ~ ~ IN,OI.Ii'f),l,1llS~:) !)N,I1 i 1; ~ ~$'(, 

ll!lW)Ji17 
.. '. ONEG SHABBAT 

POTLUCK DINNER 
Bring your favorite dish to an eveningo! 

se rvices. singing & dancing 
LECTURE: DAVJD LEHRER. WESTERN STATES COUNCJL 

For B'nal B'l1th antl-delamatlon League 
FrJday May 6. 19n 

6:00 North ConI . Rm. 
Sponsored by UJS 

FREE ADMI SION 

to play BINGO at 7727 Girard Aue . Mary Star of the SPil 
Cards 25c per game. All games pay 70% rollpcipci Plil v 1· 
2Sgame . 

Euery Tuesday 7 pm . 

Get Rolled at the 
Spice Rack Restaurant! 

Present this coupon with yaur meal at the 
unique Spice Rack "Garden" Restaurant In Pacific 
Beach and you 'lI get rolled. Free. Take home hall a 
dozen 01 the tastiest home-made rolls or muffins 
you 've ever met. Thi:i offer is good on Mondays 
through ThursdaY1l. 5 p.m. to 10 p.m .. through 

4/~177 One per couple. please. 

YOU 'RE GONN' UKE TNE ~ 
A GARDEN REsrAURAtlT 

MiSSion Blvd near Grand In PaCIfic SeacJ 
8 a,m.·2:30 p m. and 5 p m · 10 p.m. 

, 
, 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• 

------------------------_ .... 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

University City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 

453-8030 

~ 
and Trust CompanV 

Membel 01 F 0 J C 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanhot 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

459-97t 1 



............ IIIOS Weaeldl,. May '.1m 

TT Classifieds 

"HE HAS ImEN" 
705 S. Highway JOJ - Solona 8.ach 

755-0962 

1096 DISCOUNT 
on any purch,lse with this coupon ad 

We w~nl you to try a new dimension 
in soup & salad restaurants. 
We make our own soups and offer 
a choice of four, a thick casserole, 
salad bar , meat sandwiches or quiche. 
For dinner, after 5, we add an entree. 
We also serve beer, wine, and great 
I lesserts. 
Our prices are low; example: 
soup or sandwich & salad bar ... S2.59 
Salad bar or sandwich & casserole ... $2.95 

8 A.M. to 10 P.M. Daily 
7610 FA Y AVE . LA JOLLA . (7141 459·0504 

- Mary is a loan interviewer at your 
University and State Employees Credit Union. 
Daily she comes face to face with people 
that share th-e same kinds of money needs 
you have. And daily She sees those problems 
solved quickly and conveniently. Mary likes 
her job, because Mary likes to make UCSD 
folks happy. 

If you or your spouse is employed 
through UCSD, then you're eligible to take 
advantage of U.S.E. Credit Union's low cost 

housiNG 
One F roommate needed for 4 Bdrm . W 
house pool & view avail ThrU I Sept. $150 
459-0716 (514) 

Female rmmate: Sh.e fum 2 bdrm near 
UCSD w /2 non-smoking girls tor IUmmef. 
107/mo. Laura/OJ .53-n47 (5/6) 
VISiting professor will need 3 belrm furniShed 
hOuse or apt . for 6 mo., maybe longer. 
Starling July 1977. PI ••• call Kathy CI~, 
453-7500 x348t 15/9) 

Fem rmate wanted for Cardiff duplex own 
room, yard , near Iwy. $105/ mo plu. Y3 utt. 
avali. May IS Guy 753-7057 (5/9) 
Need housemate June 2G-Sept 20 lor own 
huge bdrm in LJ apl near UCSD. 5135/ mo. 
Call Erica 453-1675 (5/11) 

fOR SALE 
Free ''Starter Kit " with purchase of used Mo-
Ped (Motori zed bicycle) - excellenl condition 
_ $275 to $350 while lhey last allhe Merchant 
01 Mo-Peds 2226 Avenlda de la Playa La Jolta 
Shores 454-9682 Tues . thru Sunday (5/4) 
Surfboard T4" brand new. used once-round 
diamond tail gun In absolute cherry condition 
- 481 -9207 Bruce (512) 
Led Zep tickets , 25lh row center sec. LA 
forum tate June 452-9343 (5/4) 

KosSoESP-9 
Eleclroslatic 
Headphones Ex. cond 
$75755-6380 (5/9) 

AL STEWART TICKETS 2nd row cenler, also 
4th row, SUPERTRAMP, and LED ZEPPELIN 
call Gary 453-S253 (5/2) 

loan program. 

Ikelite underWater housing lor Canon at4E 
ne_ used $100. 481-11103; .52-1732 
evenings (51.) 

SurftlO8ta yellow Stinger 6'10" good con-
dition SIlO 481-9103; 452-1732_nlng. (51.) 
Dynaco .10 power amp. 200 wid>. IVA 
perleet IlOnd. with midterms coming up Ir8Ie 
your nel>jllborS 5280 755~93 (5/8) 
Green n .... gehyde roc:l<ing chair and stool 135 
.al-9103; ~2-1732 .. enlnga. (514) 
AKC Cocker Spaniels 2 bI.:k/2 buff 7 wks 
old 5135 or offer call 436-9058 (5/8) 
Wetsult holiest suit In lown. new COlt 300 
setl 140 call lor details 27()'5719 (5/4) 

t971 Saeb 99E excellent condo radials R&H 
financing available economy plus 50.00 0" 
wholesale 1600. 270-5719 (5/4) 

Bicycle Unlveoa as new beautiful sliver blue 
with many extras cost 200 2 mos. aoo, set I 
for 140 27()'5719 15/4) 
Stereo componen ts for sale Including 
cassette tape deck : $110 call cart 755-6512 
(5 19) 
SPEAKERS -- Dynaco A-25's good cond o $45. 
453-2078 

Toyota 1972 green . AC, aulo, 4Dr looks and 
acts like new, S1650. now or besl offer In 
May . Call 481 -8708 (516) 

Brown naugahyde Earty American sofa and 
IT'8lching chair . Good condition $60 or beSt 
oller. 452-0779 

'59 VW Bug. New upholstry, nu paint, eng. 
needs II bit 01 work. Muse see, radio, runs 
good. new tires. $300. 75!H1169-Franclne. 
Portable cassette as new aulo stop has all 
the goodies 27G-5719 (514) 

We lend money for nearly everything, 
and at among the lowest loan rates 
anywhere. People like Mary make your U.S.E. 
Credit Union stand alone in the financial 
field. And that means you can stand a loan 
from your Credit Uflion! 
P.S. Ask about payroll deduction. It will help 
you set aside money from your paycheck to 
payoff the loan automatically! 

QO~[§ ~NCUA 
University & State Employees 

Credit Unio 
" Where you can belong for a lifetime" 

453-5620 
Call on your U.S_E. Credit Union Today 

- .-

Gibson Lea Paul DlX and Les Paul Jr. S325 
each Good condition. 5t_454-8435 (5111) 
69 VW Nu rbll eng nu rblt Ir." nu rbll 
compulr great cond nu brh too 1I000/best 
offer 453-7537 Kev (5/11) 

Two Pink Floyd ticket • . $11.50 ea. Frl May 6 
CalI7~-6187 

Stereo CASSETTE tape deck Panasonlc AS 
260 catalog $100. _ used. tn carton $75 or 
best oller. Also - SPEAKERS - Dynaco A-25's 
good oond. 145. 453-2078 (5/8) 

WANTEd 
Volu .... r.-cIId to smoke marlju.,a in 2 
hr. psych. experlmenl . Mual be male, age 21-
44 , and experienced u_. Contact Paul 
Clopton/294-M51 (5/6) 
Someone to pull weeds once or twice a week. 
$2 .50/hr. at Solana Mar Apls., 309 Solana 
Hills, Solana Bch. 755-4882 (6/12) 
Need exira cash? Paying top dollar for U.S. 
Sliver oolns before 1966. Also buying old 
coins. Call Ken 755-7371 16/12) 

Dally-Now Is It lime to say I Love You? 

couid this be it??? 
Bugsy 

Stereo CASSETIE tape deck. Panasonlc 
RS260 catalog $100. never used, In canon 
S75 or best offer. Also - SPEAKERS - Oynacb 
A-25's good condo 145453-2078 (516) 

Personal : 
4th lIoor asshole - lurn Ihe fucking stereo 

down II 

Sandals. handcrafled shOes moccasins made 
to your feet 481 -9677 James Clark shoemaker 
1342 camino Det MIM' (5121) 

Typing IBM selectric . Theses, lerm papers, 
etc. 452-1588 evenings. (6 IS) 

MUlA STUDENTS - John Muir College Week 
is coming - May 7-may 14 (SIS) 

• SERVICE , 

TYPING tBM SELECTRIC lerm papers, 
theses. Ph .D. dissertations, e(Jitlngs, RUSH 
JOBS · 453-0656, 560-8t71 . 452-1588, 286-
4936. (612) 

Chern 140B tulor available. Ex-grad sludent 
who TA'ed Chern 140B tast quaner. 08 ... 
455-1546. (SIS) 

Typing - Marilyn would ilke to fulfill your 
typing needs. Ex perl. (easonable. has an 
IBM. Call 270-6728 (6/ t2) 

7 UC campuses provide Iree gynecological 
services to students: WHY NOT UCSD? 

Math luto,; UCSD Math TA , up 10 & Including 
calculus, call al work 488-4IS1 . Late niles 
Sat-Tues . 

jobs 
Full time summer work back east. Make $231 
per week . For your Inlervlew phone 459-4396 

FREEDOM-Sell employment -great financia l 
opp. for ambitious person . Call Gall 436-6202 
8·9 am Thurs-Fri. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Attention Spring Graduates 

Prior to your graduotion or if you 
ore leaving UCSD at the end of the 
spring quarter, and if you have 
oulslonding NDSl, EFD, Regents or 
HPSL loons, you are required to 
hove on exit interview at the loon 
records office . Repaymen t 
provisions as well as defermenl 
and cancellation provisions will be 
discussed. Call 452-3788 or 452-
3789 for on oppointment. 

charl"r, 
OYOI' 777601_ oincIt!182 $ell DIogo;' 
most • __ CIIorIIf Co 

EUIIOPE from '327 
......... ·n 

2.3 •• . 5.6 ID 2. _. du<""'" 10 9 e,tieI. 
No clubs 10 jOin. no len ..., SA\I1: 10 eo!I 
HAWAII from 1179 

triton times 

• ? 
• 

Yes. 
You can be good at plssing tests that are meaningless to you. 

You can be good at selling encyclopedias that you know are inferior. 
Ultimately, you can even be good at a profession that you 

don't really believe m. 
You can be good. But for some people, being good just isn't 

good enough. 
For the people who brew Busch beer, it isn't 

good enough. That's why, at Anheuser-Busch, we per i t 
in brewing Busch beer just one way-the natural way. 

We frankly believe that's the best way to brew beer. 
And when you believe in what you're doing, 
you just naturally do it better. 

Try a Busch. 
We believe you'll agree. 

BUSCH. 
When you believe in what wu're doing, 

)OU just naturally do it better. 

Page 7 



Career 
'lJartendjng 

SeJaool 

Meet the PEOPLE 
Work the HOURS and 

make the MONEY you wont 
JOB ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE NOW 

FOR FULL and PART TIME 
Class.s 

Days - 2 wks. - 80 hrs. 
Eves. - 4 wks. - 80 hrs. 

for a free I.sson call 
297·553. 

2760 5th Ave. Suite 120 

triton times 

MODELING JOBS 
How 10 III" wlthoul modeling Ichool . Send 
Inlpehol IIId 14. T .... -dar money-beck gUlr-
Inll • . Fllr .nough? TYPICAITINO. 80. 
15-2L Dlpt. 11.:J', W.d._ttII, lllinol. eooa 

1 
~ntments 

and 
Ioanns Eva\Uiluv··-

I"'"'" 
Deadline for campus·wide 
committee applications has 
been extended to Frida, May 
6, 1977. Turn in at EDNA or 
student organizations. 

Tbe 
TENNIS GALLERY 

San Diego County's Most Complete Tennis Shop 
announces 

Wood Rackets Sale 

DUNLOP SLAZENGER GARCIA 
"Fort" "Challenge I" "240" 

$25.95 $22.95 $22.95 
Reg. $34.95 Reg. $29.95 Reg. $28.95 

SPALDING WILSON SPALDING 
"Gonzales" "Advantage" "World Open" 
$21.95 $39.95 $22.95 

Reg. $30.95 ~ Reg. 54.00 Reg. $32.95 

Good thru May 15 with this advertisement - while supply lasts 

TIlE TENNIS GAI·IEIlY 
lD tbe Dew nower RUI MaJI 

~ VIa .e Ja vane 
Del Mar. 7SS-U7S 

WedDelday, May 4, 1m 

UCSD 's Carol Gebhardt [left) and Danl Grady [center) uie successfully for a 
loose ball. Both were key figures in UCSD's 12-12 season record. 

Basketball Wrap-up 
by JucJy Waltoa 

Staff Writer 
scorer on the team, with a 15.1 
league average and a 15.4 overall. 
Her high game was a 35. 
Carrington put forth her best effort 
this year, with good results. 
However, next year she will be 
leaving the team. 

Carol Gebhardt, who also will be 
back down to a normal 4O-hour leaving the team next year, scored 
work week somewh~t wistfully, as a 19 point high game and a 8.0 
she recollected t~ highlights of the . league average. Gebhardt was a 
seas.on. good outside shooter this season 

As the basketball season came to 
its inevitable end last week, the 
UCSD women's basketball team 
reluctantly disbanded until next 
year. Coach Judy Malone settled 

With a league record of 8-8, and and she had an excellent drive. 
an overall record of,12-12 for the All 11 players on the team were 
season, the wome~ s ~ketball valuable for individual reasons, 
team was far fro~ disappomted. In each contributing to the team's 

fa~, they were mildly pleased. success. "As individuals," said 
We did about. as well a~, last Malone, "I think everybody 

year ... ~ybe a little better, . said learned a lot. But we flnally got 
Malone. It l!as a three-way tie for together best as a team in the last 

f~rth place. m the league, so ~hey game against Palomar. That game 
rup~d a com and UCSD got fifth, was played smoothly using good behind Mesa " . , 

During the season, Malone ~~ork. In the end we beat them 
coached the team every night for Carole Hawley, in the words of . 
two hours in addition to holding a the coach, could be said to be "the 
full-time job and playing most valuable defensive player." 
basketball herself. One wonders She ran an excellent defense and 
where all that energy could come ed 1 of f b ks th from. The answer is, if not from thwart a ot ast rea by e 
Wheaties, it probably comes from opponents. 
sheer enthusiasm and love for the Cindy Zimmerman was known 
sport. Malone is quick to mention for stepping up the pace of a game 
what a pleasure it was to be able to when the going got rough. She was 
coach the team this year, her first probably the fastest runner as well 
time ever. "The girls on the team as the highest jwnper on the team. 
were just great. We really had a lot 
of fun." 

Anne Carrington was the highest 
Other players who really hustled 

at every game were Laurine 
Colbert, Dani Grady, Mary Jo 
Speer, and Cely Bergardo. 

It is often said that the degree of 
team motivation reflects that of 
the coach. The womens basketball 
team seems to verify this. One 
thing that was never lacking at any 
game was spirit. And during 
practice, the girls picked up a 
tremendous input of new ideas and 
strategies in an amazingly short 
time. "I taught them as in mens 
basketball," said Malone. "They 
were expected to learn strategies 
and other things not normally 
expected of women's teams. I 
really learned a lot myself from 
coaching them ... it's quite a dif-
ferent thing from playing." 

The season is over for now, but 
next year looks most promising . 

.••..........••.•............... 

~cOMMUNITY~ 
. . 

~LOODBANIt~ 
983 India 

327 FStreet 
PAYS DONORS 

• . 
.. 

The University Bookstore 
for Service 

Mon.· Frl. 
233-5481 
234-4601 

............................•. 


