
Hungry? Try 
the Coffee' Hut 

by lAura A. Richter 
NewtEdJtor 

The best eating spot on campus? 
"Elementary," said Holmes. 
Holly Holmes, that is , proprietor 

of the Coffee Hut, located behind 
the Revelle Provost's office. -

Contemplating a mouthwatering 
menu (and dubious waistline), I set 
off to check the validity of Hobnes' 
claim, namely that his Coffee Hut 
had the best food on campus. 

The evidence was stacked in his 
favor-the calories in mine. I eyed 
the selection of handcarved san-

dwiches~rned beef, top rouncb, 
Virginia baked ham, hot pastrami, 
and prime rib au jus. 

And then there' was the Monday, 
Wednesday and Friday legendary 
special of beef Teriyaki. One of the many sidewalk vendor. who add flavor to the walks 

between cla .. ea. 
I looked around for a mirror to 

save me. 150 mi be affected here 

AS continues in wake 
of Sindler'.s absence 

--.J by Eric Jaye 
Staff Writer 

Mark Sindler's announcement 
Thursday night that he would 
' 'temporarily withdraw" from his 
duties as AS vice president came 
as a complete surprise but by no 
means a fatal blow to the AS 
government . , 

Sindler's decision came in the 
wake of an interview (TT, Wed-
nesday, Oct. 5) in which President 
Jeff Leifer made several critical 
statements about Sindler. 

However, according to Sindler, 
Leifer'S statements had "a~ 
solutely nothing" to do with his 
decision to withdraw. Sindler said, 
"I've done an enonnous amount of 
work for the AS and frankly , I'm 
tired. This is just until I can get my 
academics straightened out and 
get back on my feet again." 

Sindler's action is in accordance 
with the AS constitution. which 

gives him the option of indefinitely 
withdrawing from his duties 
without having to resign. In Sin-
dler's absence, Communications 
Commissioner Dave (Eisen ) will 
chair AS meetings and perfonn 
Sindler's other duties as AS vice 
president. 

Though refusing to state what 
the exa~t length of his absence will 
be, Sindler did say his return could 
come "anytime after the next few 
weeks ." 

Eisen stated after Thursday's 
announcement that he thought he 
had the respect of the AS council 
and would be an effective chair-
person. He indicated that he would 
attempt to exert more 
Parliamentary control over the 
.council in order to reduce what he 
tenned "the often aimless verbal 
wanderings of the council mem-
bers. " 

Sad 'lbing 

But it was too late. Hohnes 
started talking about Ute thick 
milkshakes-''the best in town," he 
said . (Too good, I say). 

Employees battle initiative 
According to Eisen, the loss of 

Sindler, however temporary, was a 
"sad thing" for the AS. Eisen was 
carefull to warn, though, that 
Sindler's withdrawal was not a 
sign that the AS would disin-
tegrate, as a nwnber of other 
student governments at UCSD 
have done. Expressing confidence 
in the AS to survive the minor 
crises that befall a new govern-
ment, Eisen stated, " It might take 
all year to work out the problems. 
But we 're working hard so that 
next year's government will be 
very powerful. " 

Worst of all, Hohnes mercilessly 
whispered to me about the u~ 
coming ~'gateaux"-a sweet tooth's 
delight "hich will feature ' a large 
variety of cakes and pastries. 

A ''unique'' blBtory 
The Coffee Hut, almost as old 88 

the main campus, and n9w en-
tering into its eleventh year of 
operation, is a restaurant with a 
unique UCSD history. Built in part 
by the free weekend labor of Vice-
chancellors Murphy, Saltman and 
Johnson and Assistant Vice-
chancellor Hull, it stands now as an 
establistment "with a very special 
atmosphere," according to 
Hohnes. 

The "history" continues even in 
the cuisine. ,Don't be .uprirsed if 
you discover a 8IIIIChricb special 
named after your favorite ad-
ministrator. For eumple, Herbert 
York, proleSlOl' of physics and both 
longtime faculty member and 
patron of the Coffee Hut, has been 
immortalized by a unique creation 
of turkey, bacon and, mourella 
cheese on toasted sourdouglHbe 
York special. 

Not that the Coffee Hut only 
serves administrators and faculty, 
though. Holmes polla to the fact 
that meal cards are accepted for 
up to $1 for breakfast, ,1.30 for 
lunch, and $1.56 for dinner. 

A portly man who obviously 
cares about the dining facilities, 
Holmes (the best diIh in town) 
proudly points around his 
e1tabUstment. "You can judce a 
place by its restroooms," he IIlid, 
and insisted upon givinl me a tour. 
And, yes, they Were clean. 

Open from a am ImW a pm, the 
Coffee Hut, complemented by tbe 
Winzer CommoaI fac:i11ty (Medical 
School-7:. am to 4 pm) and 
Scripps Luncbroom, cantina. to 
grow in popularity, and !s 
"discovered" by stude. eve.., 
year. The reason? Ab, uh, 
"eleme..-ary ," IBleI Holmes. 

"Try all the other cIinlrW places 
in the area, then trJ tile CotIee Hut, 
and decide for yo .... l. 

by Reed Alpert 
Associate News Editor 

A public initiative, that has half 
the signatures it needs to appear on 
tile Jane rrm ballot,- COI1Jd mate 
strikes by public employees 
illegal, while providing for the 
mandatory dismissal of any em-
ployee participating in a strike. • 

"We consider the whole initiative 
dangerous to public employees," 
said Patsy Healey, preSident of the 
American Federation of State, 
County and Municipal Employees 
(AFSCME), local 2068, which 
represents about 150 non-
administrative employees on the 
UCSDcampus. 

The initiative would also prohibit 
any funds collected from public 
employees from being used to 
sponsor a political candidate or 
support a political view. 

PubUc employee rights 
"It's going backwards in our 

society not to recognize the rights 
of pQi>lic employees," said Healey, 
"We've always been active in 
sending our support to Sacramento 
on various political issues." 

Currently the university em-
ployees have no collective 
bargaining rights and are working 
without a contract, according to 
-Healey. However, the Berman bill, 
which is currently in committee in 
the California State Senate, would 
provide for collective bargaining 
for' University of California em-
ployees. The bill will come up for a 
vote in the Senate in January. 

The relationship between the 
Bennan bill to the initiative is that, 
according to Healey, ' 'the Berman 
bill would make it possible for 
public employees to bargain on 
such matters as hours and wages, 
but the initiative would take away 
any rights you could possibly get 
under collective bargaining. It 
removes many of the kinds of labor 
pressure points that make 
collective bargaining useful." 

Ruth Johnson, San Diego C0-
ordinator for the San. Diego 
Committee for Citizen Rights 
(SDCCR), the organization 
sponsoring the initiative in this 
area, said the initiative needs to go 
on the ballot to "find out if the 

public wants a real unlOnized state 
like New York or an open state. 
Until you put it onto the ballot you 
don't know where the people are." 

Provisions are currently low 
Johnson said that all the 

provisions of the initiative are 
currently law , but that the 
initiative would provide for public 
input and, in the vent that it passes, 
would also provide for en-
forcement. 

"Many of the services provided 
by public employees are not o~ 
tainable elsewhere ," noted 
Johnson ,' pointing out that people 
can't go· elsewhere for fire or police 
protection. 

" California , statewide , has 
generally good government," said 
Johnson, " but people have to be a 
little more attuned to what the 
public can afford. " 

To get on the ballot the bill would 
need 489,000 signatures by Dec. 4. 
Howev.er, the SDCCR would like to 
get closer to 500,000 signatures to 
provide a margin for error to cover 
the signatures that are eventually 
disqualified ; they also hope to have 
the signatUf~s by Nov. 15. 

No, 2S billion haw .. not ...... Hr¥ed at the Coif .. Hut, thank God. 

Muir College representative 
Kevin Eckery shared Eisen's 
confidence. Eckery, who had 
commented during the opening 
stages of Thursday nights meeting 
that the AS had come "very close 
to making acrimony an art," 
seemed to change his mind after 
the meeting. 

[continued on page 3] 

Program shows 
career women 

Mary is just finishing her first 
year of medical school and is at the 
top of her class. Why? 

She's probably ugly, has nothing 
better to do but study and is very 
lonely. 

Or at least those werEt the 
responses of women surveyed on a 
variety of situations where a 
woman had become successful. 

"There is a serious miscon-
ception by some women that in 
order to become successful, a 
woman must give up her 
femininity and attractiveness," 
said Sharon Young, counseling 
psychologist at Warren College. 
"This just isn't true. II 

In an effort to provide an 
example for the career~riented 
college woman , Young has 
organized a lecture series entitled 
" Where She Leads We Will 
Follow ," featuring important 
women from the San Diego area. 
Her g031 is to contradict, through 

examp~e, any false ideas about 
enterinn into the competitive 
world. 

Noted Speaken 
AmoM tfwo fMtwed 12 akers, 

are publisher Helen Copley, 
sportscaster for OlaMel eight 
Laurie Singer, and Isabel 
O'Donnell, stockbroker and 

[ Cootbuled oa pap !] 



• 

.a.e. triton tiDIes .......,. Odober 1 •• 1m 
, 

I 

Comm ttee Positions Open 
• 5tudeJ Center Doard 

CALPIRG urges involement from 
UCSD community for projectS 

• Academic Senate Committee 
. • Advisory Committees 

CALPIRG, The caWornia Public 
Interest Research Group, is 
holding an Infonnational meeting 
on Tuesday at 3:30 in the North 
Conference Room of the Student 
Center. 

I nterested students or students 
who applied lost spring contact 

CALPIRG is concerned with 
issues that concern the entire 
community, such as conswner 
protection and environmental 
preservation. Its professional staff 
of researcbers, coordinators and 
lawyers work with students wbo 
wish to take an active part in 
idenllfying and resolving public 
issues. 

troversy over paramedicl, 
CALPIRG plans to report the 
findings of this Investigation before 
the Issue appears on tbe Nov. 
ballot. Interested students are 
encouraged to participate In the 
study and should attend a meeting 
on Monday at 6 in the Student 
Center Lounge. 

Another current project is the 
Redlining Project, which focuses 
on the problem of neighborhood 
deterioration as a result of current 
home lona practice. In addition 
CALPIRG is working to intiate 
Federal Scbool Breakfast 
Programs in San Diego schools by 
organizing a drive tbroU8h PT As 
and other community groups. 

, 

the Comm. of Appts. & Evol. 
Ext. 4450 or student center Several CALPIRG projects are presently in progress, including an 

indepth study of Emergency 
Health Care Services in San Diego 
county. With the current con--Deadline Wed. ,Oct. 12- CALPIRG Is·also concerned with issues at UCSD. They have become 

involved with the Women'. Center 
and will be participating In the 
Nuclear Teach-In in early Nov. We Are Specialists 

Dedicated To Quallt~ 
OFFERING AN EXTENSIVE SELECTION OF 
THE ITEMS IN WHICH WE SPECIALIZE 

OVER 225 BULK CONTAINERS 
. . . HELP YOURSELF 

o FRESH BREAD 
o SEEDS FOR EATING - SPROUTING 
o GRAINS. NUTS. DRIED FRUIT 
o BULK HONEY • JUICES. ETC. 
• BASIC NATURAL FOODS 

JUICE BAR &. TEA ROOM 
lotZlmmerm .. 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
946 GARNET AV. 1378-7'_1 
PACIFIC 8CH. 92109 - • 

OVER 400 HERBS. TEAS • SPICES 
OUR OWN BACKPACKING MEALS 
WE GRIND FRESH PEANUT BUITER 
& ALMOND BUTTER 

3216 Camlnlto Eastblulf Ml 
La Jolla. CA 92037 
7 

,r 

2 BLKS. FROM THE OCEAN 
r~" I r A ,~ l(, \'. P ..:, ~l 

RETAIL & WHOLESAU I / .... It' I j j " , 
, '. ~ 

Making your hair healthy Is our way of making your balr 
beautiful. We combine professional direction, dedicated at· 
tention and effective products to achieve remarkable resulta. 

During the past several years the simple "PH Story" has been told over 
and over. Besides preserving nature's Acld Mantle of 4.5-5.5 ph, 
shampoo must contain NUCLEOPROTEINS DNA and RNA. These 
essential building blocks in the polypeptide chain repair damaged protein 
.in the same ratio from which it is naturally depleted from the hair!! A full 
complement of amino acids, vitamins, minerals, enzymes and coen-
zymes hydrolized to the correct size· and weight penetrate the hair shaft 
and are utilized by the NUCLEOPROTEINS to reconstruct hair damage. 
Deficient moisture must be replaced yet excessive moisture must be 
repelled in maintaining proper protective balance. 

All these hair· health conscious salons In the UCSD area feature 
KMS Professional Hair Care Products. Scientific permanent 
waving, color blending and great cuts are featured at' the 
following KMS Hair Health Centers: 

CALPIRG is taking part In the 
voter reglstrJ!,tion drive and urges 
mreglstered students to pick up a 
form today at the CALPIRG office . 
Additional plans for projects of 

.particular interest to the UCSD 
community are in the making .. 

Students wanting to know more 
about these and other projects, or 
with ideas for new studies, should 
attend Tuesday's meeting In the 
North Conference Room or drop by 
the UCSD CALPIRG office located 
inKSDT. 

Time Remaining 
Short for Equal 
RightAmendment 

by Rele9 Lansky 
CoHege PresI Service 

While many people are aware of 
the anti-ERA movement 
spearheaded by the Catbolic 
Olurch and Phyllis SchaDy of the 
national organization Stop ERA, 
few are alert to the interest 
business, particularly insurance 
companies have shown through 
tbeir funding the opposition . 

Wiped out in Neva,ja and North 
Carolina only rr:cently and 
dragged down by such continued 
resistance, the Equal Rights 
Amendment just may not get to go 
the distance. Tim~ is running out 
on the March ,1979 deadline 
when 38 states . have to approve 
the 27tb arne dment to the 
US Constitution. But to date, only 
35 states have said yes. 

Elinor Langer, in a well-
documented article in MI. 
MagaziDe , points out that the 
corporate' powers-that-be are 
worried that strict enforcement of 
the ERA could raise payroll costs. 

MoDCIaY. 0c:tNer II. 1m triton times Page 3 

.Mef.amOrphosis here 
Warren college out to "explore" 

This is a 2 X 1 ad, 
For info, call 

by DaIISt. ClaIre s.e.. meet for three hours a week for 
Staff Wrher elg~ weeki. Dr. Sharon Young will 

Warren ~Uege supports the idea be present at the first meeting and 
that education should result In will continue to be avillable for 
growth and change. consultation. Although she'll 

Reeently, a aeries of programs suggest a variety of ways for 
has been organized to help that people to Met to know and grow to 
growth and change take place for • 
students. The series, called '. 
Metamorpbolia, is divided Into 
three segments; self~Jq)loration, 
career exploration and real-world 
exploration. 

Back.packing trips In California 
and Baja are part of the seIf-
exploration segment. Also, a 
community get-together is being 
planned. 'Ibis activity ia designed 
to offset some of the feeUnga of 
stress and lack of community 
atmosphere that seem to be ever-
present on this . competitive 
campus. The group of students S h • ron You n • 

Sindler ... 
[CeIldDaed inm pqe 1] 

Said by lCIIDe to be one of the 
most respected members of the 
COWlcU, Eckery spoke in opo 
tornlstic tenns late ThUl'Bday night 
of the future of the AS Govern-
ment. 

He said, "In the next few weeka I 
sense consoUdation. I think tonight 
turned things around. It was not 
Mark's withdrawal. It was that 
people were for the first time being 
honest together. We were sensing 
that we are a representative body. 
We are finally settling down and 
realizing the job ahead of us." 

MDestOlle 
The COImCil spent approldmately 

45 minutes at Thursday night's 
meeting dealing with the problems 
of lack of communication and 
infighting among its members. 
Leifer stated durlng that time, "If 
you've got problems, take them to 

eacb ather ... we don't have to sit 
around and walt for the TT to 
report it on Monday." 

Commenting later on this period 
of self-criticism and evab.lion 
during the council meeting Leifer 
stated "I think it was helpful. 
People have to step outside and 
take an overview. We had to see 
what our mistakes were .. .I think 
the AS is taking a tum for the 
better." 

Despite his statement of 
"temporary withdrawal" Mark 
Sindler was in his office Friday 
afternoon reflecting on the AS. He 
conunented, "I think the best thing 
the AS can do right now Is to get its 
own house in order ... and it's well 
on the way to doing that. .. 

"I think we've reached a 
milestone" added Sindler "We 
know now what needs to be done." 

Career women .... -------
[Continued from page 1] 

president of The Financial 
Female. 

Each woman has been asked to 
speak on a specific aspect of ber 
work about which she is excited, 
said Young. "It is my hope that 
they will expose In detail, the 
thinking, behavior and frame of 
mind required for tbeir particular 
jobs." The speakers have also been 
asked to answer such questions as 
"What Is an average day at 
work?" and "How did you get 
where you are today?" 

Young pointed out that research 
shows that the influence of role 
models of the same sex Is ex-

tremely important in detennining 
one's direction in life. " If women 
want to be successful they should 
be in contact witb other successful 
women," she explained, continuing 
that attending the lecture series 
could be helpful for those UCSD 
students who may have doubts 
about actively pursuing careers. 

The first lecture, featuring 
Miriam Polster, PhD and C0-
Director of the Gestalt Training 
Center of San Diego, will be held 
this evening at the International 
Center from 7:30 untll 9:00. The 
series will continue on a weekly 
basis each Monday evening. 

-Laura A. Richter 

Back to School Special 

6.00 
By appointment only 
Expires Oct. 10 , 1977 
All major credit cards accepted 
Please bring ad 

Shampoo and cut 

The Hair Garden 
'1.11111111111.11111 •••••. 

Your-Haircutting 
PlaCe . 
1250 Prospect 
McKellar Plaza 
La Jolla 
454-3077 
Open Sunday 

care about one another, essentially 
group activities will be left" 1I> to. 
the group. 

In the career exploration area 
students will learn bow to research 
career information and find 
compatible careers. Workshops on 
resume writing and interviewing 
Skills will be offered. In addition, 
academic advisors will be 
available to help students select 
their major/minor programs and 
to acquaint students with 
academic options at other 
universities. 

The real-world exploration 
consists of activities that prepare 
students for life after graduation 
fl'OlD this campus. A consumer 
awareness program alerts 
graduating seniors about practical 
necessities, e.g. housing loans and 
securing credit. Internships are 
available to juniors and seniors 
who want an opportunity to test 
career interests through practical 
experience and gain academic 
credit. For all students volunteer 
opportunities are available both on 
and off campus. 

Students may participate in all 
or part of Metamorphosis. For 
more infonnation contact Jenny 
Murray, MC302, x4S30. 

HaRlnl 

. 452-3468 

Pick Our 
Pockets! 

Fish and fowl and meats and vegetables and 
fruits and wines and bread. You're going to 
like the Spice Rack, a garden restaurant! 

Mission Blvd. Near Grand. Pacific Beach 8 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm 
Pboae COWIIellDg hoWDe volUll-
teen meedDg will be held OD ~~===================~ 
Tuesday Dl&bt at 8 pm 10 the Muir 
ApartmeDt Lounge. undlrgraduatls .lldla Is 

Mathamallcs Brldars (13.94 Dar hOur) 
XEROX 
COPIES Applicants must have an overall college GPA of 3.0 or better and good grades in Math 2A, B, C, D, or E or any upper division Math 

courses. 

2~" with Applications are available on the top floor of AP&M. St~dents ~ be considered on a first come first serve basis. Selected graders will be contacted early in the quarter. minimum 
~~ COLO,! XEROX SOc Each 

1601 SIKth Ay.., ... 
35c duplicates 

231·1676 

OPEN 7:30 8.m. - to p.m. M·F 

srUDENTS WHO HAVE GRADED BEFORE MUST APPLY 
AGAIN AT THIS TIME. 

Saturdllys & Sund.ys 10-5 

Filth Year or 
Graduale Siudenis 

Oasis leeds Tulors In 
Malh and Science 

II YOU haval '8 or B'S 
In Malh or Science YOU 
caD earn 8250 par QUarter 
HelP your lallow sludants 

UPTODIY 
GIll OlliS 1113180 

. Ilk lOr II8rJI 



..... trito. tilDes MGaday. Odeber 11,tm 

Letters to ttie editor 
Abortion: 
~~'''~r. 

Angry Feactions to Wednesday's letter 
In tbe Tl' ap1nIt * I reM 
tile article wttb a . 1ft of ....... 
.... , and dIsbIUef. For a 
penon auppoaedly .:ca:emed with 
morality. Doll StretleI wrote one of 
Ibe IDIIBt horribly imIDaraI articles 
I bave eftr read In 1Il111fe. 

1be author spent a lot of time 
talIdDI about the ''value of Ufe." 
He obviously did not not to mow 
wbat be wu talklDg about. 

Wbat · makel human DIe 10 
unique. 10 precioul, 10 . • 

valuable? The answer is freedom 
of cboice. Human beings have 
more freedom of choice than any 
other organism on earth. Wbat 
type ci career to pursue, and wbat 
is moral or Immoral are choJces 
only ,human belnp are capable of 
making. 'lbe value of human life 
lies in the bea\dul, magical gift of 
free c:boice. 

"Abortion is not a maUer of 
c:boice," states Strebel. In other 
words, freedom of choice, the 
value of human life, shoUld not 

UGSD 'DEPARTMENT Of DRAMA Pft.st.ntS ... 

apply to abortion. Instead, tile 
"rigbt" choice should be cUctaaed 
and enforced fnm above. SIrebel 
would make \be ''rigbt'' decIIlon 
for everyone, in -the IDIlDII8I' of 
HWer and BIc Brotber, whom be 
maatiOlllin his article. 

Whether or lICIt to have an 
abortion is a personal declaion. U a 
woman were pregnant, brake, 
scared, and fully aware she would 
be bringIag another Imnan beInc 
into an already overpopula&ed 
world and aWl dICIIe lICIt to baft an 

CHRI~TM~S IN OCTOBE:R 

ER'C CrlR\STMAS PR£SENTf> AN £XTRAORDIAARY ONE-M~N SHO~ 
AN EVENING OF THEATRE RANGING fROM 

5HAKESPEA~E 0 ENGLISH PAWTOMIME 
F~ ~. SATURDAY 

O~ OBER 1.'t • 15. 
e:oo P.M. 
MAND£V\Ll£ AUDI1DRlUM 

UGSD STUDENTS $2.00 GENERAL ADMl5510N $3.00 
(Thi!> pr~ram i~ FR£t -to UC5D Thnt.ft 5uson Sub~ ... ibe(~) 
UCSD THEATRE 11CKf.i OFFICE Mon.-~(i. NOON-'t:OO P.M. 

PHONE : ~51-if5'1~ OR '+51-31"3. 

abortion, abe would be w1tbln her 
rf&IdI. On tbe other band, If abe 
dICIIe to bave an abortion, abe 
would also be within .. rI&bta. On 
tbe oilier band,lf abe cboA to bave 
.. abortIan, abe would a1lo be 
within bel' riCbtI. However, this 
wamu does __ have the right to 

deny other women tbe same 
freedom of cboice. Freedom of 
choice, not whether abortion is 
right or wrong, II the lOain iIaue 
here. By takinC away freedom of 
choice, the value and beaut)' of 
human Ufe are destroyed. 

DEBORAH COIIAN 

******** QIce again, a man writes to the Not IIIinI birth control is in-
Triton Tlmel to teD women who dllcrlmlnate. AbortiGn IM&DI 
either have bad abortions, or would choice; a woman can ~ DOt to 
CODIider havInC one that we are bave a baby by a ra"', or a 
murderers and IdUers and deformed baby or one that will net 
forenmnen of a Nazi 1OCiet)'. be loved and cared for. TbIa means 

He writes that "tile open and the babies that are brought into the 
aceepted practice (of abortion) world are wanted and will be cared 
m.pell8 the value of Ufe. Your for. Their ' lives will be highly 
life." And wbat Is the alternative? valued. 
Ask your older sister or your Don claimes, "With sterilization 
mother. It's back to the coat a high risk of any abortion, racial 
banger, the lmiUing needle, the sterilization is well underway, as It 
filthy motel room and the is for the American Indiana." ThIs 
unqualified abortionist. Then is simply a lie, either intentional or 
whose life is being treated from m1s1nformation. Sterilization 
cheaply? Maybe not Don 8tJ'ebel's is not a high risk ci an abortion. In 
life. But any woman seeking an a ~udy published In a 1972 Issue of 
abortion In his Ideal society would Obstetrics and gynecology by 
feel that her life was not valued Olristopher 'netze, M.D., and Sara 
ftryhigbly. Lewit, the risk of sterilization is 

Don Strebel argues "But does less than one half ci one percent. 
our life have any value if others are After this obscene appeal to 
Ind1scriminately tenninated?" racial fear, be has the gall to say, 
Abortion is not "lndisctiminate." I Continued o~ page 5] 

Testlna ••• 

la .iftlla 
.Iall.·e eellfer 
Ballet - Jazz - Tap - Modem· Exercise 

Taught by 
Lydia BIcok • Virginia Wooton· Unda Parishe . Rainer 

MIchael Lebovttz 

Oirectedby 
Geneva Kepner 

7855 Fay Avenue' 

.~~~ 
~ 458-5220 

Don't bUy anything 
in 14K Gold 

till -you've seen 
A NEW OUTDOOR JEWE LRY STORE 
1261 Prospect Streit La JoDI 

(Next to Alfonso's Restaurant) 
459·4788 ~ 

11 AM . 10 PM Every Day 

Moaday. October II, 1m triton times Page 5 

Critic criticized Fee increase revisited 
In Friday's 'IT, views on the use . continuing expenses, the savings 

of $114000 extra Reg Fee relief would multiply each year. H we 
were e~changed between Bert Lee, don't spend $64,000 this year and 
(a fonner Reg Fee CommiUee we don't spend it next year 
member) Rick Whitehill, {resulting in another $64,000, the (ASsociat~ Vice-chancellor of fee in 1977-78 could be effected by 
student Affairs) and myself. at least $12 (to put $12, in per-

"Yes" fan applauds their genius 

I disagree with Whitehill's spective that's the size ci the new 
claime that banking the estra Student Center fee increase) . 
money would have only resulted In Any chance should be p!1fSuea.to 
a $6 per student savings. keep fees low, while still maUl-

He bases the .- figure on the ta1ning the basic services. 
assumption that only SIO,OOO ci the ANN CARBERRY 
extra money was bankable. yet be 'Former member, ACSFP [Reg. 
ignores the. effect on future budget Fee] 
years that the ti4,I39 bas. Any 
increase in ,spending tb1s year, ERA. 
multiplies In the year after that. -
Inflation and salary, cost of living [C.UDued from page Z] 
adjustments will Increase that ... 
to a much higher amount next 
year. Also, If that money were 
banked and not committed to 

Abortion ... 
[Continued from Page 4 ) 
"U we, as a SOCiety, accept the 
uninfonned arguments of those 
who promote abortion for the sake 
of their own pleasure and co~ 
venience, we sell out our lives." 
Let's ignore the implication that 
anyone who feels women have a 
right to have an ahortion are 
uninformed and that people who 
would deny women this rigIt are 
infonned (contrary totbe evidence 
in the preceding paragraph) . 

The wont part of his sentence is 
the implication that abortion Is 1) 
promoted by anyone, 2) pleasant 
and 3) convenient. No one wanta to 
have an abortion. Sometimes it is 
the best of many sad alternatives. 
Abortion is an emergency measure 
when other methods of birth . 
control have failed. Women do lICIt 
enjoy having abortions. Don . 
strebel seems to think that women 
are immoral monsters that need 
him to tell them what is right. 

Langer otuined figures which are 
not available from any govern-
ment or industry source : 

"U in 19'10 women who worked 
had eamed the same amount per 
hoW' as men who worked, it would 
have cost employers an additional 
$96 billion in payroll alone. Tha.t 
figure assumes that women and 
men are working at comparable 
jobs and receiving equal pay, but it 
does not include equalizing their 
hours . 

"U women had earned the same 
as men and worked the same 
number of hours, the addition to 
the payroll would have been $303 
billion . " 

[Colltiaaed o~ .. ,e 11 ) 

One aspect of human ende!lvor 
that has often left me confused and 
cold is the syndicated over-
proliferation of one man's ideas, 
these then regarded as possessing 
some degree of validity. I've never 
quite understood -what makes a 
critic, but if any sorts of qualities 
bordering upon insightfulness, 
humility or ability to perceive 
beyond the externals are 
necessary , one wonders how Ted 
Navin BW'ke has earned the job. 
His bombastic, self-indulgent 

. tirade against the more recent 
work by Yes aptly exemplifies the 
criticisms he ievelled against their 
music: "empty dramaturgy," "of 
pretentious value." His greatest 

pretension lies in his claim toward 
some type of understanding of the 
group's inclinations and poten-
tialities . His greatest delusion lies 
in his belief that their direction is 
void of any purpose beyond 
corrunercial success. His greatest 
misconception lies in his failW'e to 
see that oUier people's standards 
don't necessarily parallel his own. 

I've been aYes fan over 5 years 
and have seen them perform in 
concert 10 times. 1 know their 
musical genius well , for it has 
carried me well toward the realms 
their profound dimensions seek to 
express. Being one to judge music 
with my deepest feelings and not 
my most shallow intellectual 

constructs, I have never been so 
disturbed as he by any group of 
individuals' need to grow and 
blend, to transcend old molds. 
Their new songs flow with centered 
wisdom , graCing luminous 
spheres. 

Perhaps Mr. Burke has been so 
outspokenly incensed because 
their beautiful message persists in 
eluding him after all. 

KAREN LEVER 

Pregnitnt? Need Help? 

Milke a decision Both You 
and Your Baby citn live with. 

Free Counseling and AiJi 
Pro·llff' l .... wuf> HOTl INf §81 -l lrt 

t: ..... ,· ...... ··_·---....· ..... ·· ...... ·· ...... ·· ...... ··_··_·· ...... ·l 
lCOMMUNITYl 
~BLOODB~ 
; 983 India ; ! 327 F Street ! 
! PAYSDONORS t 
t for Service ~,~. 
l Mon.· Fri. 
; 233-5481 . ; 
t-.._._ .. _~~~:~~._._ .. _ .. _J 

I'd be a lot more impreued with 
his "moral" stand if he espressed 
some concem for the unwanted 
fetus once it was born. Somehow 
child abuse seems more horrible to 
me than abortion. Somehow 
starvation seems much , more 
horrible to me than abortion. 

WhIIeIR free. 
Why ian't Don Strebel worrying 

about all the babies bom into a life 
of misery, hate and poverty. 
Certainly these people are treated 
as if their lives are cheap. Don 
strebel doesn't tbink women have 
the right to abort a fetus that is 
known to be retarded. But is be • 
worrylng about facilities for 
retarded chlldren? 

What really cheapens the value 
of hlDDBn life? Is it abortion or lilt 
the way people are treated after 
they are born? 

Let's face the fact that some 
human lives have always been 
treated cheaply in this society. 

Let's try to change the way 
people are treated instead of 
forcing women to bring more 
unwanted chlldren intb the world. 

PAT DAVIS 

La Paloma and KPRI 
bri!"lg you the exclusive 
San Diego premiere of 

THI": 
· Gl~ATI .. :~"'Ul .. 
'U , Df;~l?'The 1;",.. Grateful Dead . .. Concert . ExperIenCe >.. . '!", a look imide 
. 1'I'f~ " ··The Deocf: .. 

. .' ::.&. 1 v,..- what they ~ 
.. \\ to~ 

and to their fans 

"IN 50 YEARS WHEN PEOPLE WANT 
TD IINDW WHAT A ROCK CONCERT WAS 
LIKE, THEY'LL REfER TO THIS MOVIE" 

T"" von'lt VO~t 
Multi-channel sound 
Showtimes: 4 : 15, 7 and 9 :40 pm 
Fri. and Sat . eldra shows at 
12:15am 
Sat. and Sun. malft1ees at 1:30 
pm La.Paloma 

.. lst & D Streets in Encinitas 
436·SHOW • 436· 7788 

• 

Jeni Malam, 
Student 

Chris I4GI.h, John Futch, 
Engineering Law Student 
"It's boring to read the way "With 60 briefs a week. 
most people are taught. the average student takes 
This way. you iook at a all week to prepare for 
page of print-you see the class. In an evening, 
whole page. It's great!" I'm finished:' 

Jim Creighton , 
Student · 
"It's easy. Once you 
know how to do it, it's 
super easy!'· 

"\ had C's in high school. After 
Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics, 
\ was able to maintain an A average:' 

. Richard St. Laurent, 
Teacher 
"I was skeptical. but now I'm 
reading around 2300 words a 
minute. Puts you that much 
ahead of evel)/One el e:' 

It'll make homework a lot easier this year. In fact ~ou can cut your stud~ tin:te almost 
in half with the copyrighted techniques you learn In one fr.ee lesson. We II gIve you the. 
incredible secrets to easy speed reading, better conce~tratJon ~nd greater comprehenSIon. 
Taught in more than 300 cities throughout the U.S. It 5 easy. It s fun . It works. 

MISSION VALLEY 
HOLIDAY INN 

595 Hotel Circle South 

speeel as much as IC)OOkl 
TODAY AND TOMORROW 

5:30 OR.:OO PM 

LA JOLLA 
SUMMER HOUSE INN 

7955 La Jolla Shore Drive 

CHULA VISTA 
ROYA INN 
632 E Street 



..... 
....." OdIIIer 11, lJ77 

Mcmday, October IO,'lm 

wrru@~u~ @rru ~ © @~~ @ff~ jJ 
Inquiries about ~be DaIortb Grad .. te Fell~ .. IIIpI, to be awarded by the 

Danforth Foundatioa of St. Louis, Missouri, in April 1978, are invited, ac-
cording to the loca. campus representative, Prof. David K. Cnnme, Dept. of 
Uterature, B-001,1i:xt. 2373. 

A Weekly Guide to C us Events 
8:3DIm-12noon - LAST DAY TO SIGN UP FOR MUIR COlLEGE AD-
=~ WRITING EXAM to be given tonigJa. Information at 1254 H-L. 
........ - WRITING CUNIC -Help with course papers. For appointment 

call 462-2522. Held at 1254 H-L. Free. . 
1. am - Revelle Community Center staff Meeting. Revelle Community 

Center" 
llam-lpm - Women's Support Group: A free-flowing group, dealing with 

whatever participants bring to deal with. Personal sharing about 
achie~ment,loye, anger, bope, disappointment, more hope . Sharon Young, 
Facilitator. Call ell. 3117 to sign up. Warren College He«: Center. 

1!-1 pm - Condttioning, Wrestling room . . 
JZ.4pm .......... - OASIS Clinic Help -.... .ad PbYlles tutoring in room 

4070, USB. For further information call x3760. 
JZ.4pm ... Wpm - OASIS Clinic Help - BIology .ad Dtemiatry tutoring in 

room 4010, USB. For further Information call x3760. 

~u* :~.Beach Party " Bar-~ near Scripps Peir. Free. Oranee L. 
Upm - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
t pm -~ Bible Study - Anyone is welcome to come, together let 's look 

at what this book has to say. Revelle Fonnal Lounge. . 
t pm - Dr. William N. Celmaster, UCSD to speak on The Upilon Particles -

So Far, So Good. Location: AF&M2402. 
t pm - Dr. W~lter Kahn, UCSD to. speak on Theory of Local Electronic 

Structure. Location : HLll48. 
t-5pm-Karate, North Balcony. 
Upm aad 1:31 to 8:31pm -Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
t:3O-t:30pm-HorseBackRiding, La Jolla Fanns. 
5pm -Handball-Racquetball, Rec. Conf. Room. 
5:38-7:DOpm- Belly Dance, North Balcony. 
Wpm -Sno.w.Ski,~ . Co"!. Room Membership, Trip Info. 
7 pm - Fenunist Co~tion first general meeting to discuss and plan action 

for the Fall. If you 're mterested in taking action on specific women's issues 
please come and join us. All women are welcome. Women's Center Student 
Center Complex. ' 

7 -9 pm - Polo, APM 2313. 
7-9 pm - Aikido, Wrestling nn. 
7-10pm-SholinFu, West Balcony. 

7 : 1~ : 30 pm - . Discussion on Spirituality Today sponsored by UCsD 
Catholic Conunuruty. Office of Religio!lS Affairs, M C 507. x::' pm - Women" Careers, International Center, Oranee L. Batiste 

7:30-9:3Opm. - Women and Careers : "Where She Leads We Will Follow" 
lectu~e .senes held at the International Center. Sponsoring 
orgamzation/d~artment Warren College/Psych Services. 

8pm. - Israeli CoHee House and Folk dancing with Sblomo Bachar Israeli fo~ dance e~rt. (Israel Action Committee and Union of Jewish St~dents) 
MUlr Cafetena. . 

8-ll pm - Israeli Folk Dance, Rec. Conf. Room. 

lZ-1 pm - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
Nooa-l pm - Orientation for On~mpus Interviews - find out how you 

could have a June Job offer In the bag if you plan to graduate next spring or 
earlier. Required for interviews. Multipurpose Room, Bldg. "B" Student 
Center Complex. ' 

Nooa-l pm - H.E.L.P. Organizational Meeting Health Experience 
Learning ProgramlUnlversity Hospital volunteers. North Conference 
Room, Student Center. 

Nooa-1 pm - Contraceptive Education Session: Informational discussion' . ~ll must attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located 
m conference room at Student Health Center. 452-21189. 

1!-t pm _d ~. pm - OASIS Clinic Help • MaD .ad Pbyliea tutoring In 
room to'lO, USB. For further Information call x3760. 

lz.tpm aad ~. pm - OASIS Clinic Help - BIology aDd Clemistry tutoring in 
room 4010, USB. For further information call x3870. 

1%:30-% p~. ST~TS OCTOBER 18,1977 (TUESDAY) Sex Clinic. For 
students desiring Information or counseling about sexual concerns. Hugh 

~tes, Ph.D. and Beverly Battenburg, facilitators . call ext. 3755 or 3490 to 
sign u.p.:. Revelle Counselin~ Office. 

lpm, Zpm, and 3pm - OASIS Study Shells Session 112 "Getting the Most Out 
of Textbooks" . This session will focus on study-reading techniques and 
textbook notetaking. OASIS, Building' 'B", Student Center. 

Zpm aDd 3pm -MUIR: What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences 
Ma,or Do For You? - the H.&8.S. Career Advisor will bellvailable to discuss 
options! Call45~ for an appointment. Muir Dean's Office. 
. 3 pm - Open Bible Study. 902 Tioga Hall. 

3:30 pm - Calplrg Informational meeting. North Conference Room 
Student Center. . ' 

4 pm -: Rape Task Force meeting open to all interested in planning events 
and action to deal with rape issues. Women's Center Student Center 
Complex. ' 

t-5 pm UCSD ~o Oubmeeting, East Conference Room, Student Center. 
Important meeting for all members. 

U pm -Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
W :t5pm-Judo, Wrestling Room. 
5-f pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
5-7 :30pm-Outing, Rec. Conf. Room. 

d ' :30. pm - Unl.on of Jewish Students planning meeting. Student 
OrganWltions meeting room above EDNA. 

• 
• 

.c • ;;Ja 
- • ::' 
- • : 

Picasso? N.,t qu ite, but paint mus t be libe rally applie d to ad · 
vertlse upco ming meeting. 

9am-5pm - WRITING CUNIC -Help with course papers. For appointment 
call 452-2522. Held at 1254 H-L. Free. 
F 12oo0n - UCSD Forum begins accepting free personal classilieds. Send to 

ree .Personals, c/o Jon Bekken, Student Organizations, B.003, UCSD 
Deadline Oct. 20. Studen~ Organizations Complex. . 

121100n-12:45 pm - Bible Prayer Group, sponsored by UCSD catholic 
ComrnUflity. Coffee Hut -outside. Free. , 

7 ~m - ATTENTION BIOLOGY MAJORS: Circle KisCO-ED. Meeting at 7 
pm m the North Conference Room, Student Center. 

7-9 pm - BEGINS OCTOBER 18, 1977 (TUESDAY) Experiment in Com-
munity - For stu~ents, staff ~d faculty desiring to participate in fonning a 
community offermg conu,o.Ulty of relationships. Sharon Young, Ph.D. and 
Rob Mashman, Ph.D. faCilitators . Call ext. 3987 to sign up. Warren College 
RecCenter. 

9 am-5 pm WRITING CUNIC - Help with course papers. For appointment 
call 452-2522. Held at 1254 H-L. Free. 

~~ ~,Dd 7:30 pm - "Transcendental Meditation and Super Nonnal 
AMities lecture . H.L. Auditorium. Free. 

1M pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Matb and Pbyllcs tutoring in 
room to'lO, USB. For further information call x3760. • 

Noon - 1 pm - Contraceptive Education Session : Informational discussion ' ~ll must attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located 
m conference room at Student Health Center - 452-2669. 
. 1M pm and 5-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - .logy and Clemlstry tutoring 
m room 4010, USB. For further infonnalion call x3760. 

12 Doon - AMES 205, Seminar No. 4, Film Series. Film " Pressure Fields 
and F1uid Acceleration". 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 
" ~?OO-1 pm - Brown Bag Lunch Series - music/dance/art therapy. Bldg. 

B Multipurpose Room, Student Center Complex . 
12-1 Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
"J,f~t!r. -Health Science Field Trip. - Woman care Clinic. Meet in Bldg. 

2-3 pm - Careers : Michael Hulfachor, Humanities, 302 W.C. 
2." 3 pm - WARREN : What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences 

Malor Do For You? The H.&8.S. Career Advisor will be available to discuss 
options. Call 452-43S5 for an appointment. Warren Dean's Office. 

3 pm - Commuter Board Meeting, 405A W.C. 
3-t pm - Carrers: Michael Hulfachor, Social Science, 302 W.C. 
3-6 pm - Table TenniS, Rec. Conf, Room. 
3:30 pm - Open Bibl Study. Downstairs Lounge Conference Room in the 

Student Center Lounge. 
4 pm - Dr: James R. Arnold, UCSD to speak on Materials : Prospects in 

Space. Location : USB 2622. 
4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
Wpm" 6: 38-8: 30 - Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
~ pm "':30 pm - THE UCSD CONNECl10N to the Career World Workshop 

- hnd out how your. personal skills and motivations are directly employed in 
hundreds of jobs. Sign-up at Career Planning or Third College Dean's Office 

5 pm - Graduate Student Council meeting. North Conference Room' 
Student Center . ' 

5 pm - In~ormal gath~ring . ~ pm Meeting begins - AASA (Asian American 
~tudent Alliance) meeting. Discuss final decisiqn on dinner and dance and 
mteresting future eve~ts. 4th floor Blake Hall. PoUuck refreshments but 
come by to get acquamted even if you can't bring anything but yourself 
Newcomers encouraged to come! . 

5-8 pm - Jazz, North Balcony. 
6 pm :- E.A .~. meeting· get involved - come to our meeting and find out 

how. Brmg a friend. Blake Hall -4th floor lounge . 

• pm - Christian Fellowship 
students. University-Community 

discussion (diMer prepared by 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

Charge: 50c for dinner. 
6:3Ipm-llpm -H.E:L.P. 
7 pm - Open Bible Study . 
7 pm - Women's Rap .. ..,n'.'. 

Women welcome. Women's Center. 
7 pm - Are you interested and why you are bere? Come 

and learn about our he.aIV~lllv plan for His ctKldren. At the 
Onlrch of ~esus Christ of Latterlllants Institute class. Whit.e house 
across the street from TI~a Hall. 

K.Wally K 

- ( 
'-------

" Wouldn't you know it. It's all this, to her 
.a cruise to Tahiti, third week of school and I havl.,useboat 

even opened a text book yet. I wiIIa'l'ODle? 
the world would but out. 
enough to make a seems to notice that 
koala scream; I may never to anyone. I seem to 
down out of my tree. I ~ with the student 
so high up that Phil Glsmet crowd. But, I'm ob-
the fire department might much better off then they 
rescue me. I sure hope they I stopped talking to 
feed me cat food like Morris . else before everyone else 
. Ugh, disgusting." .IPPI!d talking to one another." 

"Whether I exist or not makes 
difference. Professor W. drones 
and on. A koala could pass out 
eucalyptus fever right In 
middle of lecture and the 
formation would drone on and 
and on . . • I'm so far behind 
nanna!. M.M. said today In 
squad that Murphy's Scrud UCI"LJ~ " 
could be quoted as 'Be 
three weeks behind, be a biol'odl~ 
nerd and be three weeks 

"Ott what a superb martyr I 
. 1 should be so lucky to be 

nominee for school mascot. Woe 
me. Woe is me. This morning 
fur got caught in the door of the 
bus and the driver didn't stop nntil._- --J-
La JoUa Village Dr. No wond4:tr 
they think I'm strange. Did 
ever see a bear with a I' .... A~IL 
elbow?" 

"That wasn't nearly as bad 
the bookstore . Some nerve t k . de nnin b have. They have plastered grea oallage 15 te ed y 
picture all over a T-shirt. I sa'III01Wnumber of books in the library. 
some girl who had one on. 1.'lOlugJilltu'dviJdo~u they expect us to avoid 

.. if there aren't any books 
that I would die." from? I think I just might 

"Well, Vice President the eucalyptus grove 
Sindler never did come Third College over to the 
apologize. When contacted of the library. Then it's 
telephone in hill executive take a messy hearing and 
Suite, Mark claimed that be from the california Costal 
unable to find the location of to move me and the 
tree . Ukely story. There are how the University hates 
likely stories floating around publicity. Who would know 
AS these days." we have this lecret weapon. 

koala can be disturbed in his 
" I'm not talking again this wee ... nul·al habitat. There may come a 

The only thing that can bring · when every oonorable koala 
down from this tree, Just have to sit in his tree on behalf 
mind you, would be if our books. The challenge is upon 
Dave's office would take me u. 

7 pm - The SPANISH -SPEAKING CLUB invites students who want to 
improve their skills or else learn ESPANOL, to join this organization. 
Weekly meeting at Revelle Informal Lounge. Bienvenidos. 

7-9 pm - Aikido, Wrestling Room. 
7-10pm-Scuba, Rec. Conf. Room. 
7-10pm-Shaolin, West Balcony. 
8 pm - UCSI).ACLU (American Civil Liberties Union) meeting. Set-up of 

publicity of " Clockwork Orange", and to establish the Student Grievance 
Board. East Conference Room, Student Center. 

8:38 pm - Meeting of the UCSD German Club. Guest speaker will be 
James Lyon, Department of Literature. Beagle Apartment. 

9 am -5 pm - WRITING ruNIC - Help with course papers. For ap-
pointment call 452-2522. Held at 1254 H-L. Free. 

12-1 pm - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12-4 pm aDd 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and Physics tutoring in 

room 4070, USB. For further information call x3760. 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chemistry tutoring 

in room 4010, USB. For further infonnation call x3760. 
2 pm and 3 pm - THIRD COLLEGE : What Can Your Humanities or Social 

Science Major Do For You? The H.&8.S. Career Advisor will be available to 
discuss options ! Call 452-439Q for an appointment. Third College Dean's 
Office. 

2-3pm-Horseback Riding, La Jolla Farms. 
3-5 pm - STARTS OCTOBES 20, 1977 (THURSDAY) Assertion Training 

for Men and. Women-A structured way of becoming more assertive in your 
scholastic and personal lives. Counseling and Psychological Services staff. 
Call extension 375$ to sign up. 412 Warren Campus. 

3-5 pm - JOB HUNTING TACTICS --A workshop where you'll learn the 
fundamentals of the job hunt, including reume-wrlting and job interview 
practice. Vice ChanceUor Conference Room, Bldg. "B", Student Center 
Complex. 

t pm - WCSG Cabinet 405A W.C. 
4 pm - Dr. David H. Roberts, UCSD to speak on The Origin of the Absor-

ption lines in Quasi-Stellar Objects. Location : TLH 104. 
4-S pm - ST~RTS OCl'OBER 20, 1977 (THURSDAY) Anxiety Reduction 

Group - For students desiring to reduce stress or allJ(iety in test taking or 
social situations. Hugh Pates, Facilitator. Revelle Counseling Office. call 
ext. 3490 or 3755 to sign up. 

Wpm - Gymnastics, South Balcony . 
Wpm - Yoga, Adaptive Room. 
W:45pm -Judo, Wrestling Room. 
5-6pm- Karate, North Balcony. 
5:38 PI.P - Women's Center general meeting. We'll discuss general 

business plus decide a good time to meet this quarter. All women welcome! 
Women's Center, Student Center. 

6-9 pm - Balroom Dance, Bee. Conf. Room. 
7 pm - Open Bible Study. 2nd Floor Warren College Rec Center. 
7 pm - Open Coordinating Committee meeting of the San Diego 

Work/Action Groups, all members and interested people invited. Revelle 
Informal wunge. 

7-10 pm - Fencing, West Balcony. 
8 pm - Lecture on UFO's. Lecturer from the UFO Education Center of 

Valley Center will present slides and film on UFO's. Mandeville Cllnter 
Auditorium. Students : $2.00, other $3.00. 

8 pm - " Our Christian Roots" seminar, open to all. University-Community 
Church,9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

• 

9 am-5 pm - WRITING CLINIC - Help with course papers. For ap-
pointment call 452-2522. Held at 1254 H-L. Free . 

12 Doon-4 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology aDd Chemistry tutoring in room 
4010, USB. For further infonnation call x3760. 

12 1l00n-4 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math aDd Physics tutoring in room 
4070, USB. For further infonnation call x3760. 

3-4 pm - Orientation for On-Campus Interviews - find out how you could 
have a June job offer in the bag if you plan to graduate next Spring or 
earlier. Required for interviews. Multipurpose Room, Bldg. "B", Student 
Center Complex. 

Wpm - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
"pm - Gymnastics , South Balcony. 
5-4 pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
7-10 pm - UC San Diego Extension Class - " Metric Awareness". Held in 

Room 104, Third Lecture Hall, Third College Campus. Fee: $35.00. A two 
session course, second class on Saturday Oct. 15, 1977 at 9 A.M. Bring bag 
lunch on Saturday. 

7:30 pm - Studies of the Human Aura : Slides and discussion on the aura 
and higher consciousness. Alpha Omega Alliance. Room 1103 Bio. Bldg., 
Muir. Free. 

8pm - Women's Night Out - An evening for women to get together to read 
poetry , play music and sing -or whatever - in a supportive atmosphere. Very 
informal. Student Center Gameroom Conference Room. 

_ Page7 

A bare Black 's beach basks In the sun . 

8 pm - Environmental Artist Trevor Wishart in Concert! Trevor Wishart, 
environmental artist from York, England, will present two multi-media 
works. Center for Music Experiment, 408 Matthews Campus. Free. 

8:30 pm - Ms. Karol Whited, Drama Professor and Broadway Director, 
will lecture on "Comedy in the Modem Musical, with Special Attention 
Given to A Chorus Une." Mandeville Suite (Tioga Hall ). 

9 pm -2 am - Disco Dance - Come party with the soul sister of the pyramid 
ClublDelta Sigma Theta Sorority. Bldg. "C" Student Center Complex. $1.00. 

.. . 

9 am - 4 pm - UC San Diego Extension - "The Financial Woman". Room 
107, Third Lecture Hall, Third College Campus. Fee: $30. includes syllabus. 
Bring a bag lunch. 

9 am-4 pm UC San Diego Extension Class - "Metric Awareness' second 
half of the two-session course. Held in Room 104, Third Lecture Hall, Third 
College campus. Fee: $35.00. Bring bag lunch. 

9:30 am·1%:3O pm - UC San Diego Extension - "The Displaced 
Homemaker : Where Have I Been? Where Am I Going! " La Sala Room, 
Main Floor, House of Hospitality, Balboa Park, San Diego. Fee: $10 . 

5 pm - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores. 

10 pm - Catholic Mass. University-Community Chruch, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive . 

8: 30 am - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive . 

10 am - Lutheran Worship Service, with Pastor JOM Huber preaching on 
" How to Become a Uberated Person." University·Community Olruch, 9595 
La Jolla Shores Drive. 

12: 03 - Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 

1 pm - Center for Psychological Revolution presents audi<rvideo accounts 
of interactions with individuals and groups. 1529 Hornblend Street, Pacific 
Beach. 273-4673. Free. 

5 pm - Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 

S pm - Friends of the International Center lJCSD. First ethnic dinner of 
academic season, featuring Olinese cuisine. Film following on Chinese 
porcelain . International Center. Olarge : $7.50 with $1.00 discount to 
members. 

5-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Math and PhysiCS tutoring in room 4070, USB. 
For further information call x3760. 

5-9 pm - OASIS Clinic Help - Biology and Chem! try tutoring in room 4010, 
USB. For further information callx3760. 

8 pm - Concert : John McLaughlin and ShaktL Founder and lead gui tar of 
Mahavishnu Orchestra now playing with his new group Shakti. Main G~m. 
UCSD Student $3.50, other $4.50. 



hie I 

\\fIJat do J.R.R. TolkleQ, 
MartlQ Lut~er RiQg 

8Ild To~ Lasorda ~ave ill COIQIQOQ? 
Find out at one of this week's Bible Studies: 
- Monday at 4: 00, Revelle Formal Lounge 
- Tuesday at 3:00, 9021\op Hall 
- Wednesday at 4: 30, Student Center Game Room 
- Wednesday at 7: 00, Revelle Fonnal LoUD8e 
- Thursday at 7 :00, 2nd Door MC Rec Ceder 

BLUE JADE 
\ SERViNG ..... E ,fiNEST 

MANdARiN CtJisiNE 
4~9-9842 

~-10 MON.-SvN. 
~-11 FRi.-SAT. 
ClOSEd WEd. ' 

20% oFf 
ON All diNNBlS 

J771 LA JollA Blvd 
AMplE PARkiNG 

EXpiRES OCT. J1, 1911 

tritOR time8 \ Mooday. October 10, 1177 

Reetwood Noc 

Heroes aren't hard to find 
By nm Mackenzie 

ArtaEdJtor 
Fleetwood Mac is a phenomenal 

band. Few, at this period in time, 
would dispute that. We all know fl 
the remarkable success of the 
F1eetweod Mac LP and its 
awesome follow-up, Ramoun, now 
six months at the top of the 
Billboard chart. In addition, The 
Mac have establisbed themselves 
as a major concert attraction, as 
the persoN! attending two sold-oot 
smws at the ~ Arena can 
attest to. 

With the smoke still clearing 
from Fleetwood Mac's Oash.f1re 
successes of the past two years, it 
seems Uke a good opportunity to 
examine their performance and 
attempt to guage what kind of 
future the band has. If their 
smwing at last week's San Diego 
concerts is any indication at all, it 
smws that Fleetwood Mac is 
getUng better and better. The 

pacing and arrangement were far 
superior to that displayed in their 
last tour, which stopped in at the 
Sports Arena March 1. In addition, 
the band itself was a looser, more 
inspired bunch this time around, 
generating more energy on stage 
and eliciting a tumultuous 
response from the audience. 

The key could be Fleetwood 
Mac's suprisingly powerful rock 
attack, paced by Lindsey_ 
Buckingham's searing, scorching 
guitar licks. Though their alblDDS 
are obviously well-liked, it is 
almost a different Fleetwood Mac 
than you can hear on Sfage. 
edged. Uncomprisingly rocking. 
Yet the beauty of The Mac is that 
they can be all things to all people. 
Witness the foUtsiness of Stevie 
Nicks' "Landslide" or the melodic, 
ethereal qualities of Christine 
McVie's " Oh Daddy" and 
"Songbird." 

It is quite possible that fleet-
wood Mac could become the 
biggest group in the music industry 
since the Beatles. Their albums, as 

well as their live performances, 
continue to improve. The many 
musical qualities displayed by 
each individual in the band aHord 
them a wealth of good material and 
prevent the' group from stagnating. 
H anything, they probably have 
more material than they know 
what to do with. 

Fleetwood Mac has developed, 
through many changes, into the 
ultimate Seventies superstar band. 
Like a fine liquor, the Mac blends 
its components to form a well-
honed sweet~g final product. 
No other band around can mix its 
critically acclaimed work with 
such passion and instrumental fire 
to produce a conunerclally suc-
cessful masterwork (i.e. 
Rumoan) as well as Fleetwood 
Mac does. Their musical appeal 
stretches from fifteen to fifty year 
olds. And with two of the finest 
female vocalists in the business, 
Fleetwood Mac has removed the 
stigma of machoism in rock n' 
roll. This is a classy, versatile 
band. And they're only going to get 
better. 

UC San OlIVO University Events 011108 pres.., Is 

'. 

Shakti 

'. 

• In conc:er1 

loe\U~ng John McLauqbli 
Oct. 16, 8pm 

General Admission: $4.50 

Tickets: UCSD Box Office & 
Ticketron outlets 

triton times 

E~I Harry star . 
- Tritons drop Whittier, ~4-7 

CHOP 
MEAT 

CHARLIES 

459-1331 

(Iormerly 
016_1 

Neck. N.Y.' WEST 

Page 9 

by Steve Dl MeaDo 
Staff Wriler 

UC San Diego ran Its aeuon 
record in waterpolo to 5-2, winning 
two of three PD* over the 
weekend as Dan EYy, Dave Harry 
and Bob Alee again shared the 
spotliglj for the Tritons. 

If you've never had a Chop Meat 
-...~ Charlles Burger, you've Never had a 

"-mOOrger. 

WIll .... OpeDer 
There were three lmpreaaive 

aspects of UCSO'. 14-7 nod over 
Whittier in tbelr home opener: 
Coach RuII Hafferkamp, goalie 
Alee and till Triton 'a cWense in the 
second half. 

Open areak' .. , . Lunch Ind Olnner 
8002 Girard Ave. at Pros ct, La Jolla, Ca. 92037 

"We play our game every game 
whether its against UCLA or 
Whittier," Hafferkamp ~ote~ 
before the match. The Tritons 
game against the visiting Poets 
was offense as they fired in ten 
first half goals, opening up a 10-5 
lead. . -

In the second half, the defense 
took command behind Tom 
Jorgenson, freshman Dan Crane 
and Frank Ebel. The trio, along 
with Alee's superb net minding, 
held Whittier scoreless in the third 
period and allowed just two goals 
in the half. Ebel tallied four times 
for the Tritons. 

DAN EVY gets ready to score on a goal against Whittier. UC San 
Diego won their home opener. 14·7 to notch their third con· 
secutlve win . 

On Saturday moming, the. apart. We had a few injuries and 
Tritons drove up to Claremont and used three men who have never 
saw a three game win streak played waterpolo before this year. 
snapped, 15-12. Hafferkamp H you score twelve goals, you 
pointed out the defense "jtBt fell usually win." 

• Enlightenment and the TM·Shidi Program 
• Levitation and " supernormal" abilities 
• Mastery over fundamental forces of nature 

This week in sports at UCSD 

Monday- Women's Volleyball vs. USIU 
Wednesday - Men's Waterpolo at SDSU 

Men's Soccer at Cal Baptist 
Women's Volleyball vs. USD 

Friday- Women's Volleyball at Grossmont JC 
Saturday- Men's Soccer vs. Cal State LB 

Cross Country vs. CSUOH 
and Caltech at Pasadena 
Water Polo vs. UCSB and De Anza JC 
atSDSU 
Surfing vs. CoastliJre CC at Oceanside 

Madame N aney 
Natwal Born Psychic 

Indian Readinqs 

4 p.m. 
3:30p.m. 

3p.m. 
3 p.m. 

6:30p.m. 
2p.m. 

lta.m. 

2p.m. 
8a.m. 

Advjce and guidance given to those trouble~ by · 
indecision and personal problems. All questions 
answered. 

Past Life Reading8 Given Also 
1160-11718 

IS d 'l"l'. ", Our ' 'Chere .. '"erence... 91 J 
PREPARE FOR: Vear 

WJSIMe(!ULi'e ~ 
, 

GMAT .- GRE 
OCAT -- v. -SAT 

VOE • ECFMG • FLEX 
NAT'L MEDICAL BOARDS 
NATl DEllTAL BOARDS 

NURSING BOARDS 
Flexible Programs And Hours 21......... ~' 

278-1118 
Outst(le NY State Onlv 

CALL TOLL FREE 

EDUCATIONal CENTER 

'l S I PRfPARA liON 

The Tritons avenged the defeat 
by knocking off Pomona-Pitzerfor 
the third time this season, 12-9. The 
win was costly for uam as starter 
Mark Gordon brokes his nose in the 
last minute and will be sidelined 
indefinitely. Evy had five goals and 
Harry added two, giving him seven 
for the weekend. 

LECTURE 
Wed ., Oct. 12, 12Noonand7:ll p.m . 

Humanities Library Auditorium 

Speakers: 
Stuart Rothenberg M.D., (7:ll p.m. only) 
Tim Jones, Chairman S.D. TM program 

~~a W@@{YJ~lr 
SOfT fROZr;~ YOGURT 
* OI;S'St;RT * 

~ 

__ .o:-~-C> 
------

FEATURING ALTA DENA 
PRODUCTS 

sundaes • cones • shakes 
1 2 1 2 C A II I NOD E. L II A R t 

DEL liAR. CALIF. 111-4214 

800-221-9840 .... f C IAlI .. ' .. l,tN( I Ittlh .' 



..... tritoa times 1IIMaJ. oal" II, lI77 

TT cLAssifiEds' 
lit .... T-Shirt : "E, cllew OIII_tlon" (&OM-
U $4,9& (poetpaldl 8, Hardy 80. 23103 FI , 
lauderdaIIe. FI 3330 (10112) 

II ~ Ihlnk you he'le to .pend 1IlOO lor. Rudollo - I'll hIIw_ ICOIty bMm down the 
good loud .~. you hI..,,·1 '-II thl FMI ........ , You Invite F.rqh .nd Jacqueline. 
Bookahlll aarIee yet. Mlulon Bay Aydlo M_I.t BIack-8teet1(10/10) Long John - Mid S2IO e' r rounded pin. 111" 

wlda. Clean. S40 Cllfl S ... Evening. 156-
24211. (10/10) 

Naug"yde couchll. A II gnaat cond. 530. 
S25. $20. Alao. King at_ mall ... a $3&. 129-
21182 (Cartlhld) (10/1 0) 

4501 E, Minion Bay Orllle21O-935O(10/14) 

BOS. you're t .. beat BB. (10/10) 

Typing - exparlenc«l - _c:JnMle. tBM. call 
any time. '55-0121 Mil. Old •. (121 2) 

Actl .. Catholic girt daal_ P.O. 80. 6135 
(10/10) 

Get .I .. dar now 100_ wg!. I.al: No hunger. 
no drug. S.tlslactlon gu.nld loci rep call 
~u lie 453-1385 (10/1 0) 

Allentionl Oplometry club meeting north 
conl.rence Qllme room lounge ThUll . 1:00 
OcI.13all welcomel (10112) 

Ivanhoe Travel 
VACATION BARGAINS 

Chicago round trip * 5198. 00 
New York *$231.00 
Phil./Balt. 
Boston *5292.00 

European From $327.00 
Charters Depl. LOl Angel. 

• Musl be b_ 30 daYlln 8d .. nc:a. ltay al 1e.1 1 daya. no longer tIIIn 45. 
Book early so you won't be disappointed. 

Phone 459-G844 
7815 Ivanhoe Ave. 

Attention Ghouls 
and Goblins 

Alter Ego not only photographs 
your portrait while In costume. 
but this Halloween we're ren-
ting costumes as well. Reserve 
yours while the supply lasts. 80 
costumes for rent_ 
Village Fair Shops 
1302 Camino del Mar. D.N_ 
Across from the Albatross 
Closed Sun. & Mon. • 481-7272 

Could you be 
a nuclear expert? 
(H so,you could earn more than 
$600 a month your Senior ye'ar.) 

Even if you're a Junior engineering or 
phYSical science major. it's not too early to 
startthinklng about your career. And if you 
think you've got what it lakes to become 
an expert in nuclear power, thE! Navy has 
a special program you should: look Into 
right away. 

Why right away? Because if you're se-
lected, we'lI pay you more than ~OO a 
month during your Senior year. (If you are 
presently a Senior. you can still jOin the 
program.) 

What then? After graduation, you'lI get 
nuclear training trom the men who run 
more than 70% of the nuclear reactors in 
the country- Navy men. And an oppor-
tunity to apply that training in the Navy's 
nuclear-powered Heet. 

! IY about 200 men will be chosen fors program this year. So. if you're in-teres . caJl us, 
Our number is 293-6444 

Be someone special 
in the Nuclear N'avlt 

NAVY INFORMATION TEAM 
FOR OFFICER PROGRAMS 

INTERVIEWING AT UCSD PLACEMENT OFFICE 
OCT 11·12, 9 A.M. - 3 P.M. 

CONTACT YOUR PLACEMENT OFFICE 
FOR FURTHER DETAILS 

OR CALL LT JOHN CHALKER 293-6444 
, 

Typing IBM S\ectrlc term par--. 1'-. 
Ph,D. dlnen.tlone. Idltlnga. ru .. ,obe -
~. ~171. ~2-I_. 28&04838. (eft) 

Shine It wah .. wax you, car II a lime .. a 
place 01 your con ... nienc:a call ~7311 or 
43&-2011 (10114) 

II you a.. Iemale ~ 21. 51t·51t 3. Brown 
Hal r, 0- 01 Hazel eye. - pt. .. call 464-
5879 foroPpor1unl\y (10.12) 

ICE HOCKEY: Anyone Inlerellld In playing 
beg. hockey com_ 10 Mill M.a houaa 01 Ice 
10:15 p.m. Thura (10/13). No pad. neIdad. 
mUSI provlda own attck. Info _ 01 1.'Ie 
menage lor Ron or Dan el IC Hulll ... 
(10112)Feedback on bookIlore: IIlbmll In 
writing 10 provo" your oPinion 01 lailure 10 
provlda t .. lbook. (10/14) 

The organization 01 oldarloul-o!-.yno 
.tudenll Is having III first maetlng lor I .. 
1977-78 ac8damlc y.r on Wldneeday . Oct . 
121h •• 1 The Werren College recreation room. 
bldg. 711 MatI H_. campus. The meeting 
will begin at 7 :30 p.m .• Int_11d paraon. 
a",.,couraged 10 ." .. d. (10112) 

Glenda: Happy blnhday 10morrow. You'. be 
O\Ier lhe hili loon "you don'l watch out , J & 
S. (10/10) 

JONI AND ANN-I would like 10 thank you In 
person for walking me home, Corne visit me 
or PO Box 5085. Thanksl Frisbee (alias Ken) 

(10/10) 

housiNG 
Room _,allable for femlle Sludenl In 
charming, new. quiet CONDO. Claremont 
area. Pool . petio. kitchen privileges. laundry. 
Share with proluslonal woman. 
$l50 l monlh; hall ulilltles. Tel. 281-4200. Call 
belore 10 a.m. A,allable about Oct. 15. 
(10110) 

Need neat qu iet lem rmate lor Cardlll HSE. 
Own rm saol mo + 11 4 utis, 153-7051 . 
(10114) 

Married graduale sludent. Surf Motel In 
Carlsbad n&eds nlte resklenl manager - neat , 
personable, honest couple to run oH lce Irom 
6-1 I p,m, In exchange for manager's apar-
tment renl free and small bonus. Makes good 
sl udy-job combo . Not suited for small 
children. call 729-1961 

(10110) 

For Ren t: Furn lshed/ Unlurnlshed apt. 
overlooking Del Mar Beach. LG one bedroom. 
oceanvlew. $3251 mlh. Ocean Windows 
Villas, 1552 camino Del Mar. Del Mar, 155-
6601 , (1 0126) 

2BD-2BA wood-n-glass house "" blk beach In 
Leucadia. Fplc .• carport . dishwasher. $400. 
mo. 755-6633 or 459-3104 (10114) 

Aria _1I1e gul* -~ body In 
perfect condition. Sounda gNII - sm 
wl<*e. ONQ4M-OlO8(10/4) 

11 Ponllac Ventura. gDl)d oondItlon. air 
conditioning. _ linea and n_ w. ... 307 
VII. caM 422-6448(10110) 

n SA-52 card progrwnable calcuillor lor 
.. e. PPX-52 5180 or beat on.r. Llbfwy. opt. 
Call AI __ U14 (10114) 

Tlckel., Oooble Brofhen. For1h row oent .... 
279-198B. _ • . (10110) 

SP,lng _t aull S40. X-lerge. vary good 
condition 282-5922 . Ask lor Sel. WK . nlghtl 
(10110) 

15 V-P' HIO super many .-1 ... 1Il00 mi •. 
mull .. 11454-2356 clll SllIan(10110) 

P.naaonlc port. Tape recordar. perfect for 
lecta. rechargeble ball. ACC·a . CoIl 5120 
riaw. 515, 452-1196 (10110) 

66 VW bug good running condo 453-6101 ..... 
6 p,m. and _kanda(10112) 

400-lour Hond. Slack. perfecl condition 
amoolh. quiet. dependete lrenaportatlonl 
155-5351 .lter6 p.m. (lOll.) 

Spectacular ocean scenes. prize winning 
original pholos mounted for 16.20 framing 
or? S15 Jim 481 -15~ (10117) 

Craig AMI FM Casselle deck locking . la.l-
fwd & rewind $160 . unit . Wanl SI00 or beal 
offer. 453-81044 Ask lor Rol .. d (1 01 10) 

Camaro 'l1 350 4-spd 85M ml. Xlnl cnd S2«lO 
Jeff 452-211314:J6.8994 (1 0110) 

VESPA - Only 1.200 miles. 10 55 MPH. Kept 
In garage - E.cellent cond o $100 or bast. 155-
8919 [!ebb Ie 

(10112) 

Surfboard sl. foot fish shaped by Skip Rye 
call Jean Dunn 222-7932 before 6 PM (10110) 

1969 VW SQ uareback . aUlomatlC , fuel In-
jection. clean In and oul. High mileage but 
runs good. Gi,es 25 mpg avg . Besl offer over 
$1000, Call X-2027 or 488-aD21 evenings, 

(10/12) 

1· ... G&S .... 11ow fall .. cellent condftlon 
soft raila , 19 .... wlda b_r lin 575 call Ro~ 

7~ 
(1011 0) 

Comlortable single bed Incl. mallress 
bo •• prlng. Irame and ...... S25. Call 481 . 
82190e1 MarA_(10/10) 

Lost sillier kay ring with tag Initial C-J-L 
engraved. Reward I 1 __ aI TT office. For 
Charlie (10110) 

Found white ...... ., call 215-2824. (10/10) 

LOll: very ugly. red, bul loveaIII. Edna bike. 
Pl._ .. tum, No qunllone alkld. Mother 
Edna (10/10) 

K.,t Shively: Your studantlO card la II Edna. 
(10110) , 

Ell. Mlramonlu: Your lIudanl 10 card fa at 
Edan. (10/10) 

AMe Ja.elln '72 aulomatic, air. power 
sleering. brake • . Bronze colored clean car. 
$1550. 455-9514, (10/10) 

WANTEd 
Wanted: A copy of U.S. N_ & Wortd Report 
Sept. 19. 1971. Pi .... call Bob .. 452-1319. 
(10/10) 

Cash for gold rlngl . denIal gold, sterling. old 
coins. and pre 1965 all ... r colna, K .. 156-
7311 (10121) 

BabysiUers needed for Ocanld (faculty 
wl'lel) luncheon Friday. Oct. Ulh. 11 :30 a.m. 
- 2 p.m, at • n.r-campue location , Will pay 
SIB . call Dorolhy. 75~5n. (10110) 

Cottegiale RESEARCH PAPERS. Thousands 
on f i le, All academic subjects. Send S1.00 for 
mail order calalog . Box 25918-Z , Los 
Angeles . Calif . 90025 (213) 477-8<174. )1/20) 

Jobs on ships! American. Foreign, No e.· 
perlence required . Excellenl pay. Worldwide 
I rave l. Summer job or career. Send $3.00 for 
Inlormation. SEAFAX. Edpl B-6 Bo. 2049. 
Port Angeles, Washing Ion 98382. (10112) 

1966 VW faslback slrong 1600 engine sunrool 
Inl & ext la ir $500 call early mom or eve 481 · 
1672 Les(1011 4) [Continued OD page 11] 

••••••••••••••••••• 
. - . . ••• ~mnw § ••• 

•• ~l:.§Tl?4. t() .. ' 
•• : &J~" \ .: fJt\'~ : •• 
: ~y ti~ : 
• Your daytime • 
• unch Served Mixologist - • 
: 11:30 a.m. Warren Higgins : 
• to 2:00 p.m. Sa 10 • 
• r ....... a.m.. 
• Try Chef Gene'. to 2 a.lD. • 
• dan, .pedal. Alwa,. pia,... • 
• DInner Serwd rec:onIIDge 01 the • 
: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. BIg BaDd En. : 
• Fee ....... PrIme RIb. 454-2313 • 
• .Steak and Seafood. ~. 1'1. • 
. ~~ . 

• c..:.:;> • 

•••••••••• • •••••••••••••• 

FRIEDMAN & FENDElMAN 
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 
1224 Prospect Sl, Suite A, La Jolla 

(714) 454-9091 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 

ALL SUBJECTS 
Fa ... ptof-'<ln". and proven 
quality. ChOOM Irom ou, library of 
1,000 lopk::a. Send 11.0010' the 
current edllion of our 220 page 
mall ()(der (atelog. 

The follOWIng fees do not incl ude cou rt com . cosls for service of 
papers and other such COSI5 . 

Initial consultation .................. $15 
Divorce 
-Uncontested .............. $225 
-With property setdement (min.) .. ~_ .. _$350 

Drug bust (first offense, possession ) ........... $800 
Uncontested tenant eviction .......... $200 
Personal injury contingency basis 

Other lellal services avaIlable at reasonable prices 

• EKpenenced civil and crimina) trial allorney available 24 hours. 
• Re,p5lered p .. enl and I,.clema'" specialisl available 

R.HARCH A •• IITANC. 
11322 IDAHO AVE" No, 2O&-E 

LOS ANGELES. CALIF, Il0025 
~2'31 477·"74 

Our '~h paper. are aoId lor 
r_ch pur~ only. 

I PI- ruatl my C4tt8log . C I 
I EncIOHd I. II. I 
I Neme ________ I 
I I Add,_ I 
I CI~ 1 La.... Zip ___ _ 

Malia" Odeber II, 1m triton time8 

Records set 
Harriers take second 

Soccer team 
drops three 
in Berkeley 'The Triton cross country team. making its finest showmg in tw~ seasons, took second place in a 

quadrangular meet last Saturday 
~U~D. -

Peter Dolan set freshman and 
school recprds for the 5.3 mile 
course , hitting the finish tape in 
30:17. But Dolan's performance 
was overshadowed by Point Lorna 
College's Danny Esqueda, who 
established a course record of 
29: 58 to beat out Dolan for in-
div idual honors. ' 

UC San Diego totaled 42 points in 
the meet, while pt. Lema won with 
31. Chapman College was third 
with 53 and USIU had 98, finishing 
a distant fourth . . 

Doug Jacobson finished in fifth 
place overall (second best for 
UCSD), clocking 30:46; Jon 
Halperin achieved a personal best 
on the home course, taking tenth 
place in 31 :S5. 

More Classifieds •• 
Wanled ' Crealive art ist 10 draw CAPE co,er. 
Pen & Ink, 8 '/z xl1 size. Call 2951 lor more 
,nlo PO/9) 

Volunteers needed at Los Nlnos center gain 
e,parlence wlhl Au tisti c children call Chris 
263-6111 (10110) 

Women's ski clolhes sizes 10-12 jacket. 
1le51, pants, elc. reasonable, good condo call 
Margare1213-3720 (101t 0) 

Babyslt ler, facult y lamlly. Ch lklren 3&5 
Solana Beach own trans. 3-5 afternoons I 
week 481-8528 (1 0 /10) 

Slide proleclor lor a photographer w l .101 of 
sl ides and noway 10 shoe them oil. Ca ll 
Casey 453-33111 . (1011 0) 

Pholographer wanted lor Iniormai family 
pICl ures481 -1837. (10/10) 

Cash for gold rings. denial gold. old coins, 
and pre 1965 sliver coins, Ken 755-1371 

(10121 ) 

If you are lemale. over 21 , 5ft-5113. brown 
haIr, green or haZel eyes-please 0811454-5879 
or opportunity. (10112) 

TRAVEl 
Inlernatlonal tra,el lOw cosl fl ighls 10 
Eu rope. Israel. Alrlca free Inl. sludenllO card 
465 W. Valencia Dr. Suite I Fullerton 92632 
714·87().1031 . (1216) 
BOOK ON CAMPUS 
Europe. HawaII and New Yorl< Charter 
Flights. CIEE Sludent Travel.Sludenl Cenler 
B-023 0pen MWF 12-4 Call 0152-0630. (6111) 

• SERVICES 
NEED A TYPIST'? 
Speedy Service , Reasonable Rales. 
E. perlenced. IBM Correcting Machine. Call 
Kalhle After 5:00 276-9299. (10/21) 
Typlng· sellcorrectlng: IBM seleclrlc term 
papers, lhells. elc. e.parlenced. 452-1588 
evenings. (6119) 

TUTORING. OAD S-Iralned grad lulors malh, 
sciences. $31 hr. References available. Call 
Sue 453- 1413. (10110) 

~\. y , 
( 

PRECISION CUnlNG 
SKINCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A complete Redkea Salon 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
Right by La .loll. Village Inn 

455-0680 
1 0% DISCOUNT 

ON SERVICES 
c. with Sludenl o. facull) 10 

~. Irt"9l11la':. coupon : 4. 

Triton Hanler Peter Dolan 
comtemplaltl his pre-race 
strategy Just prtor to the start 
of a four way meet on Saturday. 
Dolan set freshnutn and school 
records. running the 5.3 mUe 
UCSD course In 30:17. 

... 

Stewart Hayes' Triton soccer 
squad dropped three close games 
for a last place finish in the All~al 
tournament in Berkeley last 
weekend . 

UCSD dropped a 2-1 decision in 
the first round to UC Davis and 
then tied Cal's JV team (subbing 
for UCIrvine ) in the second round 
1-1. but lost on penalty kicks. 4-3. 
UC Riverside edged the Tritons 2-1 
in the final game of the round robin 
tourney. 

UC Berkeley tied UCLA 1-1 and 
got the win on penalty kicks, 9-a, 
marking the first time in the 
history of the tournament the 
Bruins did not win the cham-
pionship . 

UC San Diego's season mark now 
stands at (}'5, having scored just 
four goals . 

E~--------------------
[Continued from page 5] What did the amendment's 

Uearly, says Langer, "the Equal opponents fear? Former Senator 
Rights Amendment and the Sam Ervin worried that the 
traditional role of women In the passage of the ERA would result in 
capitalist economy are in- a large t~ansfer of powers from 
com pat i b 1 e . .. . state legISlatures to Congress 

'The ERA had been doing fairly - while others insisted that many 
well in the early 70s. By January, other laws already adequately 

,1973 the amendment had been protected women and cited the dra~tically ratified by 22 states in Civil Rights Act , the equal 
one year alone and had the en- protection clause of the 14th 
dorsement of such unions as the Amendment, and the 5th Amen-
United Auto Workers and AFL- dment 's due process clause. These 
CIO. But suddenly on November 4, arguments were not strong 
1975 voters in New York and New enough, however, to deter the US 
Jer~y turned down the ERA and Supreme Court's recent 
wiMing was no longer something decision in . the General 

, taken . for . gr~nted: El~c vS. Gill>ert case. -

UC San Diego 
Volume 32, Number 8 Monda~, October 10, 1977 

Alan Russell 
Editor 

Ran Anbar 
Managing Editor 

LlsaWolpe 
Assistant Managing Editor 

Kitty Robinson 
Copy Editor 

Richard Yoku~ 
Photo Editor 

Shauna Stokes 
Advertising Manager 

Laura Richter 
News Editor 

Andy Schneider 
Assistant News Editor 

Reed Alpert 
Assistant News Editor 

Tim MacKenzie 
Arts Editor 
Steve Gould 
Sports Editor 

····························cou~,····················· .....•. , 

Yogurt An Naturale 
Southwest corner tJfCass lInd Grllnd 
3 blocks f10m tbe bellCh ill P.8 . 
483-12J4 

Sugar & Chemic.a1 free 
"natmaUy" 

- lIho 

Fresh FIlIit Salad 

flEE DIll TOPPING 
AlTA-DENA 

SOFT FROZEN 
YOGURT 

Wilh th is coupon until Sept 2S 

Opnr every dtly from II : 00 un. /0 10: 00 p.m. 

Swct'tened witb ' ." IICWSC &. 1101/1'."1' 

~ ••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ,COIIptNI ••• •••• , ••••••••••••••••••••• 

UC San Diego 

Mandeville Lectures 
'77 - '78 

JULIAN 
BOND 

"What's New 
for America" 

Oct. 19, 7:30pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Studen Is: $2.00 
General Admission : $3.00 

Tickets : 
UCSD Box Office 

452-4559 

ISRAELI DANCE 
AND 

COFFEE HOUSE 

Eeaturinq Shlomo Bachar, 
Israeli dancinq choreoqrapher. 
Come discuss your experiences 
in Israel. If you're interested in 
CJoinq to Israel, come listen. 

Free, everyone wdcome! 

Monday Oct. 10, 8 pm 
Muir cafeteria 



..... 

I 

triton tim" 
'. 

Our newest location ... Center court, Towne Centre. 
That same great fashion you have enjoyed for years. 

Also the convenience of tickets to most S.an Diego 
and Los Angeles sports and entertainment. 

THE TREND 
DRESSY OR DRESSED UP CASUAL! 

MENS WEAR FOR SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 
SAN OIEG ) I SOUTH BAY PLAZA LOMA SOUARE GROSSMONT CENTER PLAZA CAMINO REAL FASHION VALLEY PARKWAY PLAZA COLLEGE GROVE TOWNE CENTRE 
LOS ANGfiLES I LOS CERRITOS WESTMINSTER PUENTE HILLS MALL FOX HILLS MALL WEST COVINA GLENDALE GALLERIA 


