
Admini.trator. weren't t h e only people riding in 
wheelchain the put two day.. They were joined by 
.tud.ent who .1.0 wanted to experience the problem. of 
maneuvering UCSD in a wheelc hair. Here, Steve 
Papoclapoulu. wind. hi. way thro.~h Muir quad. 

Wheelchair admi'nistrators 
encounter difficulties 

by Andy Schneider 
Associa&e News E ditor 

There were plenty of spills and collisions as UCSD's top 
twenty administrators conducted campus business from 
wheelchairs on Wednesday. 

The Wheelchair Loan Program was sponsored by the 
' Disabled Students Union (DSU) in an effort "to make the 
administration more aware of the needs and problems which 
exist for disabled students, II said DSU Coordinator Randy 
Woodard. 
. Chancellor McElroy, who kept his regular calendar of 
meetings while working {rom a wheelchair, said, " It 's 
important to become more and more sensitive to problems 
faced by students in their every day lives. Participation in a 
program like this is a visible way to demonstrate the difficulties 
faced by our disabled students and staff." 

Usually seen jogging between the buildings for his 
appointments, Acting Vice-chancellor for Student Affairs 
Howard Hunt made the switch to a wheelchair for most of the 
afternoon. It was reported that he piloted his wheelchair much 
faster and more expertly than some of the other participants 
who kept ramming into unexpected doorways. Others involved 
included deans, pr:ovosts, vice-chancellors and staff officers. 

In a more serious note, Hunt pointed out that Student Affairs 
and the campus as a whole is "committed to making it possible 
for disabled students to participate as any other student would 
in school, to have full acceptance and opportunity. It (the 
program) makes us all aware of the energy and effort disabled 
students must utilize." (Please turn to page 4)J 

M rtin L th ring vs. Th ird Colleg.e. 

Graduate students withdraw 
from Reg Fee Committee 

by Heed Alpert 
Associat News Editor 

The Graduate Student 
Council (GSC) in an April 14 
letter to Chancellor William 
McElroy, has formally with-
drawn graduate students from 
participation in the Advisory 
Committee on Student Fee 
Programs (Reg Fee) . 

The GSC representative to 
Reg Fee, Kevin O'Conner, has 
not attended a committee 
meeting since the ehd of Fall 
quarter, 1977, but did not 
formally resign until March 16, 
1978. 

In the letter, the GSC 
reaffirmed O'Conner as the 
GSC's representative, but 
withdrew their participation, 
saying, "The Graduate Student 
Council cannot lend graduate 

'student approval to the actions 
of the ACSFP (Reg Fee) and/or 
others in allocating an d 
spending Registration Fees 
until such time as proper 
accountability to students is 
instituted and assured by the 
present administration or the 
new Vice-chancellor of Student 
Affairs. " 

Related letter on page three. 

In addition to the withdrawal, 
the letter lists six principles 
that the GSC would like to see 
incorporated into the Reg Fee 
charge. They include the 
committee having equal say as 
that of the Chancellor in setting 
Reg Fee levels, concurrence by 
a majority of the students on 
the committee with the 
Chancellor on the approval of 
the Reg Fee budget, for the 
chair of the committee to be a 
student, for the committee to be 
composed of a substantial 
majority of elected students, a 
zero-based budgeting and 
student body approval of the 
final Reg Fee budget. 

"I don ' t think they (the 
principles) are unreasonable, 
but the Chancellor might, " said 
Donald Strebel , GSC.Chair . 
Having no graduate student 
representative on the commit-

tee would not hurt graduate 
students, said Strebel, adding 
that "it doesn ' t make a whole 
hell of a lot of difference what 
the student reps on the 
committee think. " 

Strebel said the GSC is 
waiting for McElroy's response 
before acting . 

McElroy said that because 
the letter was signed only by 
Strebel and not all of the GSC 
members, he regards the letter 
as being from Strebel. " I don ' t 
respond to his (Strebel's) 
letters anymore, " said Mc-
Elroy. " If the GSC is endorsing 
the letter then they' ll have to go 
back and rethink their position 
because it 's not a satisfactory 
one." 

McElroy said, regarding the 
six principles listed in the 
letter , tha t the Reg Fee 
committee is currently using 
zero-base budgeting. He did not 
ap prove of equal decision· 

making power between the 
committee and the Chancellor 
or concurrence between 
students and the Chancellor on 
the budget. 

Marsha Harris, Re Fee 
stud nt co-chair, indicated that 
the withdrawal will not affect 
the operation of the committee, 
sayi ng , " I don 't think the 
committee will take this on a 
an is ue at this point becau e 
we' re near the end of the budget 
cycle ." 

Harris sC1id that after the 
committee finislres the Reg Fee 
budget, they will begin to revi e 
the Policy and Procedure 
Manual (PPM) , which contain 
the committee's guidelines. 
She said it is feasible that the 
principles in the letter could be 
incorporated into the PPM, but 
added, "There is no guarantee 
of exactly what effect the 
principles will have on the 
revi ion ." 

Candidates meet voters 
in first campaign week 

by Eric Jaye 
Stafr Writer 

As the first week in the AS 
election campaign draws to a 
close, the candidates are left 
scrambling for votes while the 
electlons commission i left 
scrambling after election code 
violations. 

In addition to the names on 
the posters and handbills 
plastered around campus, 
many of the candidates 
themselves could be seen in the 
Revelle plaza, the Muir quad 
and other well-traveled spots 
trying to meet the voters. 

Some of the candidates 
addressed a Third College 
general assemblv Wednesday 
night. Speaking to a crowd 
which consisted mainly of 
fellow office-seekers, many of 
the candidates emphasized as 

is<ues; teaching as a strongL. 
criteria 10 the tenure process, a 
stronger communications 
program, a better organized AS 
and a Beer Pub and other 
services and activities whic" 
would improve the quaity~tj 
student life. , 

Several candidates note 
Wednesday night that, as ther 
seemed to be general agree" 
ment on the issues, the electv, 
will be decided on the style am 
personality of the individual 
candidates. 

Violations 
The elections commission is 

currently investigating four. 
different campaign violation. 
which, according to comm 
sion officials, deal mainly 
the illegal posting of camp 
material (Please tum to pa 

College naming ballots sent 
by John Hondros 

Staff Wri&er 
Based on the results of the 

prefe rence ballot, " Martin 
Luther King College" and 
" Third College" were the 
names submitted by the Third 
College Council on the final 
ballot selection o( the official 
and permanent name of Third 
College. 

The final ballots have been 

sent to Third College students, 
faculty and staff, and are to be 
returned by April 26. The name 
-receiving a majority of the 
votes cast will be submitted to 
the UC Regents for approval. 

According to the ballot 
information submitted by the 
Third College Council , the 
proposed "Martin Luther 
King" is a name readily 
associated with principles 
similar to those of Third 

Attention AS candidates 
Attention all ASUCSD candidates. The Triton Time ,in an effort 

to meet the candidates and make b tt r judgments con erning the 
paper's endorsements, is inviting all political hopefuls to meet 
with the Executive Board. 

A.five minute presentation of the candidates is reque ted with a 
small question and an wer period to follow . Candidat for Public 
Relations are asked to be prescnt Friday at 4: 15. Those inter t d 
in the Program Board should show up at 4: 30. Appointm nts and 
Evaluations hould appear at 4: 45, Academic Affairs at 5: 05, and 
External Affairs at 5: 40. 

Candidates for the other oCCices are reque ted to appear on 
unday. Activity Fee should how up at 2: 00, Commi loner of 

Communications at 2: IS, Vice-pre ident at 2: 40 and Pr id nt at 
3:20. 

College - the struggle to help 
racial minorities and the 
concern (or all people in 
attaining human rights , 
freedom (rom poverty and · 
justice. 

The ballot information 
explains that the name "Third 
College" has come to represent 
the ideals of a multi ·~thnic 
college dedica ted to the 
alleviation and solution of 
social problems, the provision 
o( a humane and relevant 
education (or all people, and 
expanded minority participa-
tion in all aspects o( UC. 

The results of the preference 
ballot which was sent to Third 
College students, (acuity and 
tare were Frederick DougJa : 

(acuity and taU 12, students 
27; Martin Luther King : 
faculty and af( U, student 
8&; Third ollege: faculty and 
staff 44, stud nts 278 . Lum-
umba/ Zapata and Third World 
College led the writ -in n me 
sugge lions with 15 and 9 vote 
re J)ectively. 

David Bria. (left) _d D.. ho ter (right) w tc 
clair work. oat on the riaS in the di bled 

SY" tiu cia . 



f 

triton times 'rtcIer, AprtI21, 1171 

I __ --+-_~~m_.a_x_i~mum labor:walkingmiles for a buck 

Mark Stadler 
AS and' the press 

The AS this year has been moving gradually toward centralizing 
all student government functions under its wings. This movement 
is both necessary, because most government functions now rest 
with .~any different groups, most of which are appointed by 
administrators , and good , because centralization means 
increased power and effectiveness for the AS. 

Thus far, the AS has gained for itself appointments to all 
campus-wide committees. It is also working toward AS-control 
over sych things as the Student Center a nd the Advisory 
Comnuttee on Student Fee Programs. Eventually, it should try to 
gain sway over entities like the Bookstore and the campus 
programming board. 

Once the AS does become the directing boa rd for a fair amount of 
services, programs and committees that directly affect student 
life, then it will be able to effectively serve its constituency- us, 
the students. 

But, as with everything in life, a line must be drawn on this 
centralization process. It is neither necessary nor good for 
centralization to be limitless. 

The AS, for its own good and the good of all students, has to draw 
a line at the media, It won't do any good for campus newspapers to 
be under the AS ' thumb. 

And yet, there has been a dangerous trend evident in the AS' 
behavior all year, a trend toward control of campus newspapers. 
The trend has been most evident in funding. The AS has taken it 
upon itself to control all funding to the newspapers . The 
comm~nications commissioner makes money and space 
allocatIOns to newspapers, but the AS Council has a veto power 
over the a llocations. 

Th~ trend is also apparent in the major plan now being 
conSidered to revamp the Communications Board, the panel that 
would act as publisher for all newspapers. Tl e plan gives the AS 
a.ppointment power over four of five spots on the Comm Board; the 
fifth spot would belong to the communications commissioner. 

Last week, the Elections Committee issued guidelines telling all 
newspapers how to cover the upcoming AS elections. Committee 
members obviously don ' t trust newspapers to do their election 
coverage job in a fair manner, and so are trying to " help out" , in a 
way that violates all recent judicial rulings concerning freedom of 
the college press. 

All three of these recent actions are possible because all 
n~wspapers a re c?nsidered as student organizations, plain and 
SImple . No speCial treatment is afforded newspapers no 
recognition of their vital role is given. ' 

The AS should, however belatedly, now recognize the injustice of 
this situation, and make all newspapers separate from other 
student organizations. This would free the newspapers from being 
under the AS' shadow; it would keep newspapers separate from 
government control. • 

Maybe AS members this year feel such fears of government 
control .are ridiculous - after all, they , as good liberal 
progressives, would n('Ver try to tamper with the press. This leads 
to two questions: 

One: If AS member, are so progressive, why have they tried all 
year to bring newspa~ers under their control? 

Two: Even if this ye,lr's AS wouldn't mess with the press, who's 
.0 say next year's coulICi! won't try it? Or the '79- '80 council? As 
JOg as the control is IJrrSPnt , thp Ipmplation will be there also. 

I The federal courts bate consistently ruled that just because a 
j A,chool pays for a news~aper, it doesn ' t have censorship rights over 

~ne paper, as long as th~ paper has acted as a forum for student 
a pinion. " The state is not necessarily the unfettered master of all it 
creates," one federal ; udgf' ruled . 

Sadly though, such nliings have not stopped schools from trying 
to control their newspapers. The ruling would not stop th 
>\SUCSD from trying, either. 

If the AS want its rules to be constitutional , if it wants its rule to 
'be fair , it will take campus press out from under its contro\. Any 
ather course could only lead to trouble , for both the papt:rs and t h 
I\S . 

Ity Marl _kINin 
PaetfIe Newt 8ervke 

SAN FRANCISCO - "I was walkin. all nipt," said 
Ben Gain, "callie my mooey wal all.ooe." 

He talked, almost Inaudibly, 81 he walted in a dark 
warebouse before sunrile for a chance to earn DUO 
for a 12-hour day walkiDilOme more. 

His Job, dellverin. advertilin. circulars to 
suburban bomes, is typical of a new nationwide 
explosion in mal'linal work - that set of lowpayin, 
day-to-<!ay jobs that are increaaiRily the only means 
of survival for millions of the yOUR" the aged, the 
Immilrants and the lOlli-term unemployed. 

Hired from a 4: 4S am "shape-up", Ben joined ei,ht 
other men and a woman sittiRl on tied bundles of 
newsprint piled three and four feet deep inside an 
unmarked delivery van. 

After a long wait and a longer drive, Ben and a 
partner were dropped in suburban San Bruno at 
sunrise, 6 am, to be,in a day's walking. 

They would be paid $2.65 an hour, the minimum 
wage, for a 10-hour day. No time cards would be 
puncbed, and the day's travel and waitin. time -
about an hour at either end - would not be paid. 

The crew boss left Ben and bis partner with two 
bundles of advertisers each to carry door-to-door in a 
double carrier's apron with a pouch in front and a 
pouch behind - about 40 pounds each, an hour's worth 
of deli veries. 

At the end of an bour, the driver met them with fresh 
bundles for their pouches , a process repeated 
throu,hout the day. 

About noon, after six hours of work, the crew boss 
rounded up all his carriers and drove to a shopping 
center for lunch. Those who needed it could draw a 
dollar drom him against the day's earnings to buy 
sandwiches. All did except Ben's partner. They ate 
inside the truck on top oCthe remaining bundles, filling 
the truck with a smell of cheap bolo.na and mustard. 
The day's work ended a14 pm. By 5 pm they were back 
at the warehouse to draw $10 cash against the day's 
earnings, less the money for lunch, the remainder to 
be paid on Friday of the following week. Ben was left 
with $9, and he setout to find a room for the night. After 
work, even aSG-cent beer was more than he wanted to 
spend money on. 

During the course of the day, when his path c rossed 
his partner's, he would stop and figure how much he 
had earned so far. "Fifteen dollars, " he would say, 
"that's not bad money." 

He also gradually told his story. He was 45, and 
widowed, with three grown children. He had been on 
the road for 18 months working jobs such as this one 
around the country since losing a steady job repairing 
carpets in Indianapolis for $125 a week. 

The other members of the crew were settled. They 
lived alone in small rooms or, in one case, in a small 
apartment with anbther person. One man was a 
former computer operator who said he needed some 
money in a hurry. 

The others were regulars who had been doing the job 
at least six months, although they did not. work every 
day. All were hired as casual labor each day they 
showed up. They received no benefits, althoueh 
employers believe some, perhaps many, receive 
welfare or food stamps. 

Only one was a wino - an apparent change in the 
nature of the work force since operators were obliged 
to stop paying $1 an hour and begin paying $2.65 three 
years ago. One was black; three were Chicano. Most 
seemed intelJigent enough to be doing something 
better. 

A 61-year·old white woman on another crew said she 
was supporting two grandsons , aged 11 and 12, whose 
mother had run off. 

" I'm allowed to earn up to $500 a month," she said. 
"The county gives me money for the children." She 
was waiting to qualiry for low-i ncome housing , 
available to families that make less than $8,000 a year. 

" This is not a wino operation any more," said Peter 
Tangermann, president of the National Postal System 
of San Francisco, confirming the changing nature of 
the temporary work force. 

"There are a lot of disenfranchised people that need 
work, especially in California, said Merwin Kubrin of 
The Walking Man in Los Angeles. " I've ,ot transients, 
and I've got people who stay with me for years ." 

Altbouih the Industry appears to be biggest around 
LoI An.eles, with perhapl 2,000 walkin, the city's 
endless miles of suburbs every day, it is by no means 
limited to California. 

A survey of major American cities indicates that 
there are local circular distribution firms in mOlt of 
the nation's 200 lal'lelt metropolitan areas. 

Most days of the week, for example, ISO to 200 
carriers walk the streets in Fort Worth-Dallas, 300 in 
Detroit, 300 to 400 in Philadelphia and 400' to 500 in 
Denver. • 

Mapy use the crew system that is predominant in 
California, but others make use of part-time help: 
adult carriers with their own cars, carrier boys aged 
11 to 14 and housewives. Such people are paid piece 
rates and may work at their convenience, bUt earnings 
per hour generally fall below the minimum wage. 

Where the crew system is used, as in San Francisco, 
the hard core of regulars is supplemented by large 
numbers of transients. Two principal San Francisco 
firms put 200 men on the street four days a week, and 
one-truck operators add another 35. But the two main 
firms said about 2,200 different people work for them 
in the course of a year. 

The companies compete with newspapers that carry 
advertisiRl inserts and with the US Postal Service. An 
increase in postal rates has put what used to be called 
junk mail up for grabs . As a result , circular 
distributors, living on the mar.in, are doing a job once 
done by secure postal carriers earnin, $8 an bour and 
more in major cities. 

The companies will do the job for $35 per thousand 
circulars, compared to $75 per thousand at the post 
office. Many call themselves private mail delivery 
systems, although this is the only kind of mail they 
deliver. In general, firm managers said, business is 
increasinll. 

Wayne Everton runs one of San Francisco's most 
successful delivery companies, Everton Associates. 

" I drove the truck," he said. "Then onJuly 19,1976, I 
bought out Sala Advertising, a three-truck operation. 
I'm now running eight trucks . We doubled in size last 
year." 

Everton has eight drivers on salary ata wage of $220 
a week lasting up to 50 hours or more . He hires up to 64 
carriers a· day at piece rates . 

His sales grew from $200,000 in 1976 to $400,000 last 
year. He antiCipates sales of $600,000 this year and is 
buying three more trucks . 

He and Tangermann dominate the business in 
Northern California. 

Is it a profitable business? "Very," said Everton. 
" My salary was $4(/,000 last year - 10 percent ot 
my volume. Plus $35,000 to $36,000 net profit before 
taxes over and above my salary. " 

Everton believes his men spend $20 a week for a 
room, $20 a week on food , and $20 a year on clothes . 
" And that is all of their necessary expenses," he 
added. "They're happy. They're independent." 

'The industry, witli its growln. use of part·time and 
low-paid workers, appears to be an example of 
increasing marginalization in the US economy. 

This is usually described in terms of a growth in 
service industries. But what these ter:ms concealis the 
nature of the jobs being created. 

" Most of the expansio{l of the economy is in the 
service sector," said Columbia University professor 
Eli Ginzberg, chairman of the National Commission 
tor Manpower Policy. " And in general , the service 
sector tends to have less well-paying jobs. That's all." 

But figures he has compiled show that while such 
jobs were in the minority 25 years ago, they have 
become,. by a small margin , the majority: 32.4 mlllion 
poorly paid jobs compared with 32.1 mlllion well-paid jobs. 

Some economists have begun to describe the 
economy, in job terms, as divided into primary and 
secondary labor markets - separate worlds of the 
well-paid and the low-paid that never meet and have 
different roles. 

On the one hand are postmen and on the other are 
day-to·day ci rcular distributors . If those two 
occupations and Ginzberg's figures are any 
indication, the majority of jobs in the future lie with 
the circular distributors. 

F....." AprtI21, 1171 triton times Page 3 

A mellow radical 

Sindler: filling in the gaps 
Will Wright: cheap talk? 

Editor: saying that this school is producing 
technicians (read villians) . It's easy to be 
self-righteous and moral while saying how 
bad it all is .. . while you're an integral and 
salaried part of the evil. It's easy to say, 
dramatically, to a naive and politically 
inexperienced audience, that American 
society is wrong , without going through the 
stigma and hell of trying to see an alternative 
implemented. Perhaps Wright did fight for 
change once, but what is a vehement radical 
doing arguing for change while working and 
seeking tenure at one of the embodiments of 
his greatest evil? That's not altruism. 

Editor: 
I cannot claim in good conscience that 1 

was misquoted. As is often with the press 
what they feel they must leave out because of 
space can radically change the context of 
what oile said. I direct this in particular to the 
Monday edition of the Triton Times, their 
article on the AS elections. This is my 
attempt to fill the gaps. 

bring large sca le class entertainment to 
campus, build an amphitheatre a nd 
recreational facilities that students ca n use, 
a nd keep the pa rking rates low. 

All of these goals are great and I support 
them. All of them ca n be achieved. None will 
be achieved 'next year. None will ever be 
achieved with the present division of funds , 
and none will be achieved with the present 
level of support. 

I sat Monday a nd expected to hear Prof. 
Will Wright deliver a lecture to the 
Wilderness (C.1. 20) class on, "Can the 
Wilderness Survive the Wilderness Class?" 
The lecture, in fact , was more on the 
collected problems of Will Wrightaild the UC 
system . Will had a captive audience , 
applause was long and hearty , and the more 
the horrors of UCSD, contemporary society, 
and the hatefulness of the tenure system 
were discussed, the more excited students 
became . 

The ASUCSD collects about $140,000 in 
Student Fee monies every year. Out of this 
money over $105,000 is spent directly or in 
part for the support of the Student 
Organizations. Another $8,000 is shipped off 
to the Student Lobby never to be seen again . I 
question the actual return of this money that 
we pay on the quality of student life. Many of 
the SOs on this campus are worthwhile, more 

- aren 't . It is a campus· fee from and for all 
students. Many of the SOs have no intention 
of using the money for campus-wide 
entertainment or learning experiences that 
would benefit the entire or even part of the 
student body , many don ' t have the 
capability. 

This money is better spent on the ASUCSD 
in the following manner: A student research 
staff, a local San Diego student lobby, an AS 
business stafe. and office support. Why on 
these things? Students have told me that they 
want a government to solve their problems. 
The ASUCSD is to be an information center, a 
student voice in local affairs. a referral 
office, an advocate to the administration, 
interveen in academic appeals, make the 
food in the cafeterias edible. a ffect the la nd 
use policies in and around the campus, take 
over the Bookstore, put in ' a Pub, bring 
businesses to the Student Center , create a 
Commu nications Department, affect the 

The SOs cannot effect any of these 
changes. I am not advocating we cease 
funding them , just reduce the amount and 
make them more self-supporting. But an AS 
with just a handful of o({icers working, poor 

. linkages with its student support , and few if 
any intelligence gathering liasons with the 
administration and the community cannot 
effect these goals either. Without a paid staff 
to do research , who is goi!!i to gather the 
information needed to make a coge nt 
argument that can realistically be presented 
to the administration for a decision? This 
year has seen too many half-baked still 
nascent ideas presented in a half-cocked 
manner to the administration. Few have 
gone anywhere. We were lucky, they were in 
as bad a state as we were. 

I listened carefully, for I'd heard of Wright 
before , but I'd never been to one of his 
lectures. His topics included the desperate 
role of women and minorities in American 
socieity, the crisis of the indigent and the 
starving, and the need for any sort of popular 
organizing. Wright's greatest eloquence 
emerged as he di scussed UCSD as a 
technological center, carrying on corporate 
and government research, embodying the 
corporate elite, the mess that is the 
American educational system, and UCSD as 
an outstanding example of dehumanizing 
bureaucracy in action. I dislike these as 
much as Wright himself does. 

Will told me, as I walked with him up 
towards Muir after class that we had no basis 
for discussion - that we couldn't talk 
because I already knew what an organizer 
should be, and therefore , I was just ignoring 
him. That's not quite true - I do know what I 
expect an orgamzer to.~P' ...., organize, push 
for a better society. as Wright was telling the 
class it should do . Through the lecture, Will 
said, again and again (while talking around 
questions) , " get me tenure ... " - I couldn' t 
help but add the undertone, "and everything 
will be all right. " Will is going on to the U. of 
N. Carolina. 

Many issues have 'been brought up before 
the AS this year. a nd few if any have seen 
resolution . Without any staff supp.0rt the 
political officers that you elect will have little 
or no effect in the year to come. If you want 
something, you have to work and acrifice 
for it. Unless the fees are to be raised . 
something has to give , and if we are to 
achieve any of the goa ls of student activism, 
the SOs will have to play second. 

Furious, after 45 minutes, I walked out, but 
returned to talk to Wright after class to make 
sure I wasn 't being unfair. I don't think I was. 
I don't object to Wright (or any professor) 
preaching about the need for social change 
while at a university - what I do object to is 
talk without action. Talk is cheap. Very 
cheap. It's astonishingly easy to lecture on 
the need for social change without any 
intention of working the long hours door-to-
door-caucusing demands. It 's easy to be 
earning a respectable UC salary while 
employed at UCSD (the paragon of sin) aPd 

I don't expect an activist, a radical, an 
organizer to suffer - but I do expect him to 
try to obtain changes as expeditiously as 
possible, showing people the alternatives: 
change or continue the mess, and then 
forcing them to choose one or the other. It 
may be unpopular, but organizing and 
activism demands that you say "which side 
are you on? " Will doesn' t - he talks all the 
right verse, but there is no action, he's an 
armchair revolutionary . I'd never met a 
mellow radical before. I have now. 

hiring of faculty and the tenure process, 
MARK SINDLER 

ASUCSD Vice-president PAUL F. STARRS 

UCSD: paradise for science 
majors; Hades for others 

• I'VE. 00- JJSr THE GuY r()~ Tif Cl9tl CctM1ll:Eil 
'------'-----

Letter to McElroy-

Editor: 
" To walk with kings nor lose 

the common touch," said Kipling in 
his poem "IF." EvidenUy, UCSD 
only strives to walk with the royalty 
of fame and research . As for the 
common student , he has to go 
begging for a decent education. Of 
course, UCSD is almost a Paradise 
for science majors. However, for 
non-science majors , this place 
resembles more and more like that 
other, less holier part of Hades. 

All our excellent teachers are, for 
some strange reason, being denied 

Grad Rep pulled frolll Reg Fee 
Cha ncellor McElroy: 

On March 16, the graduate 
student representative to the 
Advisory Committee on Student 
Fee Programs (ACSFP) sent to the 
Graduate Student Council a 
statement (of which you received a 
copy) of the reasons behind his 
withdrawal from participation in 
the Committee, accompanied by an 
offer to resign . 

ThE: Graduate Student Council 
reaffirms its appointment of Mr. 
O'Connor as its ACSFP representa· 
tive. However, in light of his report 
and the widely known abuses of the 
student trust by the Office of the 
Vice-chancellor of Student Affairs , 
the Council formally withdraws 
graduate students from participa-
tion in the ACSFP. 

The Graduate Student Council 
ca nnot lend graduate student 
approval to the actions of the 
ACSFP and/or others in allocating 
and spendin, Re,istration Fees 
until such time as proper account· 
ability to students IS instituted and 
assured by the present administra-
tion or the new Vice-chancellor of 
Student Affairs. 

The Graduate Student Council 
specifically voices a lack of 

confidence in the ability of Howard 
Hunt , Richard Whitehill and 
Thomas Perego-Brown to manage 
the Student Affairs Division and to 
prepare a nd recommend the 1978-79 
Student Affairs budget . Their 
service, even in an interim 
capacity, lias been and continues to 
be unacceptable. 

The Graduate Student Council 
ca lls for reformation of the 
Advisory Committee on Student 
Fee Programs according to the 
following principles: 

I) The ACSFP shall have equal 
decision-making power with the 
Chancellor in setting the registra · 
tion fee levels , in accord with 
Resolution Chapter 90 of the 
Ca lifornia Statutes of 1977 
(Assembly Concurrent Resolution 
No. 18) . 

2) Concurrence of a majority of 
the student members of the 
Committee with the Chancellor or 
his designate shall be required in all 
budgetary matters. Such concur-
rence, or lack thereof, may be 
overturned only by the vote of the 
student body in a refen 'lIdum 

3) The Chair of th{' ,ommittee 
shall be a student with previous 

ACS~' P e'l(pt'rjp n (·e . <lirf' c tly 
elected by a vote 01 tile studen' 

The Triton TI"",, Is publi.hed by UCSD .tudent. a. an oHlcll l,tudent n_splper. 
Publication Is on Mondays, Wednesdays and F,lday. during the regula, school year 
(.Kcapt on onlclat holidays) . Editorial and business ofllces ... Iocated In the Student 
C..,ttf at the University 01 Calltornla, San Diego. For editorili. can 452·3.e6: lor 
butl ne .. and display advertising . call 452-3468. 

L.tters to thaedltor and opinion column'lr.welcomed. All lubml .. lolns should be 
typed Ind double'lpaced on I 89-apace line. They should not ucaed 1 'AI pages In 
lengttl. 

Submitted mattflal mUll bea, ttl, name Ind student Identification number olth' 
author. Names can be .. lttlh,ldfrom publicat ion on requelt; ho ..... r. th.namea will be 
held on ilia lor public inspection. 

The Triton Times r ... rv •• the right to edit submissions becauseol space limi tationa 
or ttyl. requlr.ment. 

Entlr. cont.nlt copyright t978 tn. Triton Times. 

members. 
4) The Committee shall be 

composed of a substantial majority 
of students, elected by the various 
student constituenci.es and 
a ppointed by their representative 
Councils. 

5) The Committee shall use the 
principles of zero-base budgeting or 
a suitable modification thereof. 

6) The annual Registration Fee 
Itudget, by suitable publications, 
shall be presented to the student 
body as a whole for advice and 
comment before any final action by 
the Committee or the Chancellor. 

The Graduate Student Council. in 
its meeting of April 12 , 1978, has 
specifically endorsed the above in 
word and substance by a ote of the 
departmental representatives, and 
has called for your immediate 
response. 

DONALD E. STREBEL, Chair 
Graduate Sludent Council 

Hosp.ital 
parking 
rip off 
Editor: 

The hospital's parking problem 
can easily be solved by having the 
users of the facilities pay for them. 
Chargin, the administrators , 
doctor and other businesspeople 
only tl / day would pay for the 
structure in ju t 20 years, a rather 
hort mortgage period. There i no 

excuse for trying to rip off th 
tudents at U SO to subsidize 

downtown busine . 
MIKE ELCAN 

Graduate Student 

tenure. In other words, they' re 
being unceremoniously kicked out. 
Caring for students is the only 
deadly, unforgiveable sin they have 
committed. Whoever decides 
tenure a pparently wants brilliant 
researchers who'll put UCSD on the 
map of the academic world. The 
ability to teach is a minor 
afterthoul!:ht. 

This policy of throwing out 
outstanding instructors is pitifully 
ridiculous . It' s also ridiculously 
pitiful. 'Of course, trying to make 
UCSD . famous is a worthy goal. 
However , to overemphasize 
research and fame over the quality 
of teaching is wrong . It is seriously 
unfair to the students who come 
here to gain knowledge and to enj oy 
four great years. Nowadays, many 
rightly choose to transfer after two 
years of bleak disillusionment. 
Good educators are not the only 
ones who are being denied tenure . 
In the words of a friend , the 
students .. are being denied tenure 
to an education! .. 

Perhaps we cannot prevent the 
unfortunate departure of profes-
sors Wright, Ngubo, Bender and 
others. We could, however, give 
them the consoling knowledge that 
UCSD students have awakened 

from complacent apathy. Let "" 'r 
thoughts and sentiments be kn~ 
Good professors need not /I 
banished from UC San Diego! ' 

Otherwise , remain silent ;".) 
watch the situation deteriorate. 
can sit back smugly and gradual 
with a relatively worthless deg~ 
Or we might join the small exod( 
to UC Berkeley, San Diego Sta 
University and elsewhere. 

This school can be an exemp1a • 
institution of higher educatioQ. 
UCSD is a good school. The 
students, faculty and the staff 
officers are all wonderful people. 
However, UC San Diego can be 
better if we kept those professors 
who teach so well. Unfortunately, 
quite a few are disappearing after 
this quarter. 

. h ' ' th / There IS not Ing wrong WI \ 
building a famous research \ 
institution so long as you also create \ 
an equally outstanding place ~ f I 
learning. The greatest profes or IS 
one who does both brilliant 
research and wonderfully inspiring 
lectures. UC San Diego should 
strive for that goal of " walking with 
king .. and yet not losing "the 
common touch." 

JOHN D. YOUNG 

Future Foods article 
ignored student struggle 
Editor: 

Last Monday a Future Food outlet opened in the Student Center. The 
Triton Times article published that same day wa interesting but rar from 
comprehensive. The article completely ignored th 1)1 tory of tudent 
struggle to open a student-owned and operated health food restaurant in 
the Student Center. 

The article ignores the March 1977 Referendum vote in favor of giving 
students ownership and/or control of student sp.rvice . The que lion asking 
whether Campus Food Services should be brought under student control 
received 1,451 votes in favor (862 were opposed) . The concept of opening a 
natural foods restaurant is a student idea, di cus ed by the Board of 
Authority (predecessor to the Student Center Board) and pushed almo t 
exclusively by tudents . Your article claims 11at the improvements and 

equipm~nt needed for the re taurant were lUnded by the university, 
ignoring the fact that tudent mu t pay bac" thi loan, with intere t, 
through the Student Center Fee, a they must pay back the costs of th 
e nti re Center. 

I do not m an to der,igrate Future Food , th yare doing a more than 
adequate job. However, t his i not whllt htrlt-.. t~" 'm :UI.t, lit 
another example of the university ' refusal to grant a b ic right to 
tudents: The right to take ontrol of lh ir Iiv . with II t ., 

respon ibilitie and con eqence that entail . The truggle open 
student operated restaurant in the Student Center i an exampl of tile 
students' dem to r ach out and grasp control of their llv (r m th, 
R g nts and oth rs . Th Triton Time ha don a di rvice in nc 
l1!porting it as uch. 

JO BKKl'\ 



triton times Frld8y.A~121.1t71 

Gay caucus meets here Classlfleds 
personals 

Walk on Down!! 
NEW W RLD RECORD CO. 

3211 Holiday Court 
La Jolla Phon&: 455-5580 

at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 
entry street to .La Jolla Village In 

CHECK OUT OUR 
$1.00 OFF SALE 

Offer good from April 10th to 30th 

Store Hours - Open 7 Days 
Mon-Fri : 10 to 9:30 pm Sat: 10 to 7 pm Sun: 11 to 5 pm 

, 

Mary Is a loan interviewer at your 
University and State Employees Credit Union. 
Daily she comes face to face with people 
that share the same kinds of money needs 
you have. And daily she sees those problems 
solved quickly and conveniently. Mary likes 
her job, because Mary likes to make UCSD 
folks happy. 

If you or your spouse is employed 
thwugh UCSO, then you're eligible to take 
&<hantage of U.S.E. Credit Union's low cost 

Thirty-eight student from the nine UC campuses will meet here 
tomQrrow for the UC Gay and Lesbian Caucus (UCGLC), at which 
they will consider topics ranging from the Briggs ballot inltiative 
to the problems of newly formed gay and lesbian organizations. 

UCSD Gay Association coordinator, Robert W. Lane, believes 
the purpose of the statewide conference is' 'to communicate ideas, 
to provide coordination and to be an effective lobbying force 
among the UC campuses." Lane will chair the caucus along with a 
new «:o-ehair to be elected at the start of the weekend's agenda. 

A major focus in the discussions for the day )Will be anti· 
discrimination issues and strategies. A lobbyist, who represents 
UCGLC in Sacramento, will be present at the caucus to provide a 
legislative update on proposed laws which impact the gay and 
lesbian community. 

The statewide conference was planned and organized by the 
UCSD Gay Students Association (GSA), a campus group which 
claims over 7S members. Although its theme this quarter is 
primarily social, the GSA provides several opportunities to get 
involved with campus, state and local political activities. 

"In particular tbe statewide caucus creates a forum for political 
discussions, but we'll get together socially as well," commented 
Lane. 

--~~~~-------------------------------Wheelchairs ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

The campus is working to remove architectural barriers for 
disabled students, but the job is far from complete according to 
Woodward. As a part of the 1973 Rehabilitation Act, UCSD is 
bound by law to prevent discrimination against disabled 
students and staff. 

"The law states that the campus has to be not only physically 
accessible, but there must be equal access to all programs and 
job opportunities," said Woodard. Working to comply with the 
law, the campus Architects and Engineers Office is currently 
installing eight electric doorways, putting in new walkways 
with curb cuts and modifying bathrooms> 

The Wheelchair Loan Program is a prelude to a major 
campus awareness week that is in the planning stages for next 
Fall quarter. Events planned by the DSU will focus on a rare 
appearance in this area by the National Theatre for the Deaf. 

loan program. . 
'We lend money for nearly everything, 

and at among the lowest loan rates 
anywhere. People like Mary make your U.S.E. 
Credit Union stand alone in the financial 
field. And that means you can stand a loan 
from your Credit. Unionl 
P.S. Ask about payroll deduction. It wi!1 help 
ypu set aside money from your paycheck to 
payoff the loan automaticallyl 

OJJ~[§ ~ NCUA 
u.iv...., & 5 .... Es,"". 

c..It ..... 
" Where you can belong lor • lifetime" 

453-5620 
CIII on your U,S.E. crectn Union Today 

\\ hu tS RJl'hl'l Cohen , .. nil 
TI~ o( pUllin. up with unlversil)' RS" We tire 
tryin.IOoraanlzean active protest group ("ii/ill Dan 
or Mike at 4$5-0M4 etnytlme 14/24, 

Whal Revelle needs Is it few lood mlemB Appl 
deadline 412:1. Info 01 Open hOUJe Tu~. 10-2 al 
Community Clr. 14/211 

To the .lrI .... lth the twinkle, lakesorne lime orr (rom 
n~rdlnc , 10 to the Sprin, Oan('f" .... ith me The Ey 
14/ 211 

RuPt and Sexual A saull victims: let 's Mellu 1M> 
lource of thl. problem . ~amu .... ill be ktopt 
t:'onfidential. Please- (.'OnlaC' Laur"'J Richter 111 1hP 
Tnlon Tim... PlIone 4$2-3446 0. 411-_ . 1$/ 3, 

The f"ormalallbe Dell. 'he f"omlalallhe Dell . only 
one more week till the Formal al the Dell (4 / 2)) 

Ideus need aclion . Run for RCCA. Appl deadline 
4/2 • . Meet incumbenls wt Revelle Open HOlI~ . / 25 
10·2 at Communit), elr. ,. / 21 ) 

IS your boyrriend/ lirlfriend shin ing you on" Wr 
unde ..... nd. Call Focul 452-44$S. 

How much does Karma cost '" Former guru rabi 
Mahar~j knuwarromexperience Wed2pm onGym 
ltepo. 14/ 211 
GandaAe. )'ou ' 'ie caat a spell on me. Vel we will 
muke merry al the dan~ on the :l9t.h ,"' robo 

Are you lired of a $OCially dull camplJI" So urc ..,..'e 
Support ,he Moser/Silva sla ,e. We' lI pick up lhe 
pieces! t4 /? 1 
Find out whal makes HeveUf; ron It Improvf' on 11 
Become 8 Revelle Intern. Application dearlline-Fri 
4/28 , Come to Revelle Open House Tuel"/~ 10-2 al 
Revelle Community Center for more info, 14/ 24) 

The form, I a' the del. lhe formulatthe del. rock 10 
the sounds o( New Joy at Uw (orma l ut tM del 

Do something nke for yourself VOle (ar Gill')' 
Moser ror preside nt on May 2 3 j 4 / 211 

What 's 50 dl1n,erOU8 about TM IJnd EoJstern 
MystiCism" Former Hindu gurutt>lIs Wed l\pnl26 l 
JIm Iym stt!P5 1412 II 

for sale' 
Davi ClaSSIC 51U>S light new sirlOgs S35 With l'tl\ l'r 
Ca ll bet ... · t'l'n 912 UI 8539 Jorge 14 , 211 

To I, ve "way t .... o luvtmblt' dog li lhut "'(' Uf'l' unCibl(' 
to keep: ('&I II MILCh or J.Jnt'. UJ 1N9 or 12-1 -9052 
(41211 

NC .\1(r(' ('olon} I~r" W",\ln III 1'-1\\ . r;f\" lun .. lift .. , 
Wcd,cU)', "H· l~M , t\c .. 41\ 1 '1-'QI ~ .. hu\h:r I" 11, 

74l he\ "'tp HalChblld, ' c ..... br .. .. c~ , .. th","l.~ .... '" Itre' 
loud cond '1.000 ml SI400 IU k\I Ulfrr 452· \KS1 (4 111 

Tbpe r ~'ul'dl'r . PUn..lMmlc: port. perf (or it.'c:'t'!\ t.'It ' 
H LI~ rel' h.,.r bUllS . l'll' .. 52 · 1796 ' '' ' 111 

1975 :l.S(k'l' ' ulukl :.trt.'el b,kl' . &000 c.:und lhun. S3OO , 
0"1I75.54 113,4IW 

6& \'oh 'o s to..ltlOn "'dgon t.' l't.' IIt'nt "mdilion ("..III 
453·Z745 dod lei,lu' ml'Ssu-ae fur n lln 1~'JI;t uHl' r 
14/211 
urlboards 6'6" Brewer ,od condo 40S 6'6" SUn« 

fair condo 3516'6" Stin, grtatcond , 7elmomore\'t 
~71 -O11'" (4124) 

14 Honda Civic 51.000 mile • . 4 speed, very Sood 
condlton 11800 Ca ll 411·7937 or 7$3·7279 (4 / 261 

VW Beetle '6i. Brand new (e:t\' lory VW engine. S925 
4$S-1462 14/261 

housing 
Luxur~' 30U , ' 11BA. ItJ"'nhouse IWar l 'CSlJ "s:.! ' 
BUT! 15/ 11 

MJf" net.'dt."dlo .sh4ln> ~~utlru' Ig, 4 bdrm 3 0th Del 
~ur hou.sl' 0 ... '" room 14' .75 &: Ulll 481 IU9 141211 
Mom lor ,r.ld mak $1 U mI). 1 Y AP9240t uOic(' I'h .. 2124 
('M,2IJ Urty , "".11 Imm~lald) n. me JunIOr ,,, 211 

Oel"" o ne Mdroum nur U(,<;D flrt p lu'(' , j"CUIi' 
SJ.\O monlh lU422t1 , .. 21, 

F'emule roomale wanledduralion6/ 17/11la'121171 
to share two bedroonl apt , CaU 571 ·1394 14/ 24, 

1-2 F roommates wanh."<i lown room) in a pt. 1 mile 
from UCSD. pool .. sauno . • yuil. May6. CaroJ4$S· 
167$ (4/ 211) 

New condo forrent - 2 br, with pool. tennts.Jacuul. 
laraa:e, Near campus S37S/ mo. Ca ll 451-461<6 14/2 1) 

Del Mar beach hou.e for rent .tart.inllale June . .. 
bedrooms. )'tar lease. ca ll 1213, _ ·1514 art.r7 pm 
ITBAI 

\ travel . 
BOOK ON CA.\l1 l "I , •• " .. ,.\ " awall and New 
"ork Churter !,'lIahU LI~f: Stude nt Tra'Ve(, 
Student Cenle. 1;.023. Open ..... ~day.12 ... C.1I4$2-
_(6/' ) 

wanted 
Ha"t' ) -UU KOI ) tttl! hl'hl Jub IInlod up (or t he liumnU.·r 
)'t'I ? If nul Cull tulU.' 'Aor k ~1\ ;J i lablt' cu ll nl-4:J91 
IfiZil 

WANTt;U. Juhn Jenkl' l. j\nn ("urbt!rl")' " ~braut 
Tl'rn"",.au \ 'otl' ;\b)' 2:. 3 sa m,.kt.os ;1 dlrr ... f"fIk.'f'. 

'~!II S81V'iclS 
PHut' ES JONAL T HEbI S •• \IANt;SCRIPT 
TYPING: E ........ nced; 'horoaahlr romllio ... 1111 
.11. form lltrlo ~lremmIo, RusII)eIM """0IMed. 
IBM C_IIII Se~'rlt II t)· ...... rI ..... Dar _ 
3311 : 0\' • • _IN!. lilt) 

Nt: t :U 1\ TVI'IS·I'·· 1":iI6MIl~b~ ritWI, ':"PI"rtvm'td , 
C,d l Ot ILt'r U : 3' · Kath,f ~7""" II I !I, 

Tl'IH" ..... pork! ... t'd. • .. U.bIe. -...!He. IS:" 
\;o .... clln. S.Ie<IIi<". C.II IIIIJ'U .... ~121. M .... 
Old • . til" 

TY' ; NG'IRM!Watc.1rK'.""'I .... ',,,, U.,,, PhO, 
di ... rtul_ .... , ..... Rt!!lIIJ( -_..M._ 
1171 . 2.....,:I!l. ~2 1l1li ,.,., 
TUlorinl - Cak'Ulu . AJa,ebn.. Tn,. AAI.II llieum}. 
Phy.lcs . Slo".llc • . Coli I.h 211 ·4151 15 / U, 

Med ica l Sc.ol .. rshlpa. SIt Irnfttedhate t -"ear 
modkal ... W_iJoo » •• ,NobIe I. -...; ... or 
e.rolled mod "'''''''''" lall :'1.') :II ... lk·.,1 Team 
ra-....... ItJ211 

( •• "'l' " ,. , U 1I1~ 1.11I. 11" , ,\ I; ,.; ,lo ll "" " . I II ~" .... " 
1'\ 11 l • .11 , 111\111111 ' t\ . 11 I I' ':1 .... I: 14 ~II 

'ttder, AprIl 21, 11" triton times 

:Hlgh school diplomas worthless? 
by Carol PoIsP'Ove 

PaeUie News Service 
High school dropouts are not 

alone at the bottom of the job 
ladder. They have the company 
of higb school graduates whodo 
not go to college. 

Social scientists at the 
University of Michigan have 
concluded from an eight-year 
study that jobs held by male 
high school gra,duates and jobs 
held by male high school 
dropouts did not differ substan-
tially in status or pay. 

Unemployment was higher 
among the dropouts in the 
sample of more than 2,000 
youths. But employed dropouts 
held jobs just as good - or bad 
- as the. graduates did. 

" While the high school 
diploma used to be a big thing a 
generation ago," said the 
study's director, Dr. Jerald 
Bachman, "now you need a 
college degree." 

But those graduates who do 
go to college are not in for 
smooth sailing either, accord--
ing to another study, issued 
earlier this year. A staff report 
to the Joint Economic Commit-
tee of Congress predicts 
continuing underemployment 
of coUege-educated workers. 
The "oversupply" of the 
college-educated "already is 
suppressing the monetary 
returns from college educa-
tion," said the JEC's January 
report . 

It predicted that the coUege-
educated would keep moving 
down the job ladder, " bump-
ing" those less educated to even 
lower positions. 

It warned of possibly serious 
social discontent stemming 
from " the implied limitation on 
education as a route to 
economic advancement. " 

Norton Grubb, a research 
economist at the University of 
California at Berkeley, said 
that to the usual complaints 
made about schools, such as 
declining test scores and 
violence, a new one has been 
added: that schooling does not 
payoff economically. 

" Since we 've always at-
tached such hope to educa-
tion," he said, "it's devastating 
to find ourselves in an economy 
in which education is not valued 
- in which, finally , it's valued 
for its economic value and it 
has no economic value. Thats 
both a bleak conception of 
education and a bleak world." 

That faith might be the 
reason that only 2 percent of the 
eligible age group (at least 16 
years old) have taken Camor-
nia 's High School ProfiCiency 
Exam, now in its third year. 
Students passing the exam get 
a certificate legally equivalent 
to the high school diploma . But 
they apparently do not believe 
the certificate is worth as much 
as the diploma in the job 
market, accordin, to Charles 
Benson, an educatIOn professor 
at the University of California 
at Berkeley. 

, 

Benson, who is working on a 
study to evaluate the exam, 
said that infonnal discussions 
with students indicate that even 
the "quasi-dropouts" - those 
with low . attendance and poor 
grades - "seem to believe that 
the employer values the high 
school diploma," not as 
evidence of learning, but as 
"evidence of their ability to go 
through the hoops." 

So strong is that belief, said 
an officer of a Retail Store 
Employees Union local , il} 
California , that job applicants 
sometimes Ii~ and say they 
have more education than they 
do. 

In general, more education 
does lead to jobs higher in pay 
and in status for white males, 
according to the Michigan 
report, which will be published 
in May. 

Other studies show that 
schooling does not payoff so 
well for women and members 
of minority groups . 

Surveying a sample of lOth 

Posters .•• 
(Continued from page 1) 

Also under investigation _ by 
the commission is the vctndal-
ism of campaign literature 
which occured Tuesday night. 

About the vandalism, which 
struck most of the candidates, 
but hit preSidential aspirant 
John Jenkel the hardest , 
Elections Commissioner Lori 
Dority said, "We have no solid 
leads yet. " 

Penalties for campaign 
violations range from a formal 
warning to suspension of 
campaign privileges for a 
number of days to disqualifica-
tion as a candidate, according 
to Dority. 

THE 
MIDAS TOUCH 

24 Carat Charms 
for your nail. 

Eaay to Apply 
- c .. be aaecl asai. aad asai. 

Pkg. of 3 oaly $~. 79 
Village Beauty Supply 

WI ,he Villogo P,." WIIh ,he Soup E.chango 
Flee Par~lng 

M·Th: 10;1»5.30 Fn 10 00 7.00 Sol: IQ:OO.5.00 

AROUND THE WORLD 
IN MANY WAYSI 

Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE. 1978 
Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 5000 
charters listed, escorted tours, air/sea 
cruises, mini vacations. -
Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. . 
Special Discounts ... F.,ee Gifts 

... Client Protection ' 
Vnited Cal· ornia TrfllJe.ine Inc. 

grade youths at intervals 
between 1966 and 1974, five 
years after high school 
gradu~tion , the Michigan 
researchers found that those 
with college degrees, even two-
year associate degrees, had a 
substantial edge over high 
school graduates. 

But the "Great Divide" is 
now the college degree, not the 
high school diploma. After all , 
80 percent of Americans finish 
high school today, compared to 
6 percent in 1900. About half of 
those who finish go on to 
college. 

f · ...-··~··-·--.. -· ·-··-··-··'.,......·~ 
I t 
-,COMMUNlTYi 
:IBLOOD BANKl 
I 98llndl. ; i 327 F Street j l PAYS DONORS i 
I ,tor Service ~ Mon. - Fri. I 
I 233-5481 ( L __ ...... _~~:~-. __ .l 

LEGAL EDUCA nON 
(LEAP) 

ADVISORY PROGRAM 
.".. 

HOW TO USE A 
LAW LIBRARY 
~ay,ApriI 24,1978 

3:00-4:00 pm 
Coanty 1M UInry 
1105 FnIftt SIrIIt 

R.S.V.P.: 
Orne L IatIsa, 45H355 

£lit WIITIII CoIIete 
Academic IntemsIIIp Propn 

PHOTO 
SUPPJ.IES 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 
ucso ... 

NuIftben AoccIp .... 

Pat 5 

Immigration 
Law 

Daniel W. Henry 
Attorney at Law 1\ 

Associated with 
Law Offices of 

Otto F. Swanson 
Los Angeles 

625 Third Ave. 
Chula Vista, CA 
(714) 425-0820 

737 Pearl no. 201 
La Jolla, CA 

(714) 454-9446 
Se Habla Espanol 

. Fala Portugues 

SPRING BARGAINS 
Now at 

M EN ""'X:--BII·'" For ~ 

All SIyI .. & Colora 
Only $9" 

"The Fit that Feels Good" 
5887 University Ave 

(nxl. door to the Cinerama The.tre) 
Phone 287-9160 

Hr.: Mon-FrI: 10-9 Sat: 1M Sun: 12-5 

Los Angeles' 
MONDAY EVENING CONCERT 
40th Anniversary Performance 

on aturday night 

Featuring the 

Monday Evening 
Concert Ensemble 

Works by: 
Bach Arrigo Ligeti, Webern end Stravinsk 

April 22, ·.turday, 8:00 p.m. 
MAndeville Auditorium 
COl. SI.OO, G.A. 53.00 

UC 0 Box Office: 452-4559 

pr~nted by the l J 0 Mu Ie Department 
and tM University vents Ornce 



WITH 

Judas Priest 

triton times 

na.B 
Skills Building Worksbop 

Saturday, April 22 10 am-3 pm 
Studeat Ceater Baildiag B 

Vice-chaacellor'. Room 
Writiag AtQ •• ct 
Peer SIdIIe Co ••• U.g 
T.tonaJ. 

Guest Speaker: Bob Moss 
Refreshmeats Served 

For info call Betty at 452-3760 

The AS wants to 
remind you to 

COME TO 
'78 THE FAIR 

Friday, April 21 
Introducing 

SUNDAY. Fanda'ngo 11 am-3 pm Student Center 
APRIL23 San Diego Civic Theafre 

. All seats reserved . $6.50.6.00. Tickets available CAREER INFO ... FOOD 
MUSIC ... FUN!!!! 

a 
• 

at Center Box Office. 202 .. c .. St .. all Select·A·Seot outlets and 
County 

Small organization has 
openings for ~ executives. 

. futGoOtJ &. I · good Ure, sFlraction. 

We're the Coa st 
Guard. 

We may be small 
(about 37,000 strong ) 
but our jobs are some 
of the m o st important ones in the country. 

As you probably know, we're in the bus iness 
of saving lives a nd property. 

But we're also charged with protecting o ur 
coastlines , our Great Lakes, our waterways. 

Reg ulatin~, the new 200-mile fishery conservation 
lone. Interce ptin g narcot ics traffick ing. Monitor-
ing the ve~sels that come and go at all of ou r 
majo r ports. 

Big jO/)S Req uiring top people. 
That's why we need good, qualitied , am b i-

tious rT1e_n 37d wo men. 
Put yog'BacheIor\ Degree towork. 

We're e~pecially intere sted if you have a 
technica l degree - in engineering , science, mathe -
matics, or computers. We've got the wo rk that 
takes your specia l talents a nd skil ls . 

Once you fin ish officer's candidate school -
18 weeks in Yorktown, Virgi nia - we' ll give you a 
job with responsi bility. You work with the mo s t 

advanced equipment 
and technology 
known. It's good 
work , good surround-
ings, with men and 

women of your talent and abilities. 
1he benefits. And the rewatds. 

A starting salary of over $10,000 that can 
increase by over 40% in your first three years with 
normal promotion and seniority raises. 

Free medical and dental care. A quarters 
a llowance. 

Tuition a ssis tance for off-duty education. 
Thirty days of paid vacation a year. 
And a generous retirement plan for those who 

make the Coast Guard a career. 
Plus the reward of performing in an organiza-

tion that is considered the very best in the nation . 
How to apply. 

See your college placement office, or call 
800-424-8883 toll free for more information. 

The Coast Guard needs officers. What other 
company will make you an officer and give you 
a job fitting your title after 18 weeks? 

Our Representative will 
be here 5/5/78 Coed <alard QC.s. 

'.," 

'rlcley. AprIl H. 11" triton times 

Arts/Entertainment 
A new top ten ... well, ·almost .. 

by Mikel Toombs Penelope's " Leader of the Pack (L.A .! pro~uct , featuring ~he so thiS single IS ID ~rr~ct a last 
Arts Writer '78 " t yrics: " Dreamt yoU hadacar lable s. tYPI<:ally ~utstandlJ~g chance to hear Devo III Its ~,1tura l 

I sometimes wonder what music crashlDead on the road with your prO<!uctlOn. ThiS one IS. remarka hle (?) sta.t~ . ~he Jagger/RIChard 
so-called "Top 40" radio stations head smashed/ Heard the news, f~r Its darkly myst~rJou.s (all '1o-t compo.sltlOn IS c~mpl.etelY worked 
might play if they were deprived of can't be/ How could you have done Violent) textu,re , hlgh.lighted b '; ove r , mfused With. bIts of reggae 
their lifeblood of disco Peter this to me? " Randy Stodola s demomc laugh. and calypso and Just a touch of 
Frampton and Fleetwood ' Mac. I ' 4) Devo - "Satisfaction" (Ruoji Kraftwerk . .Defini~~ly i,,!sp,ired. 
always reach the same conclusions 3) l ~ lIeycats - " Nothing Means Boy) . By no~ everyo!"e :whocares 5~ Blondle - D~m.ls (C~ry­
(Shaun Cassidy Debby Boone and Noth ing Anymore " (D il nger· knows that thIS group s fm~,t album salis) . Beyond nostahgla, thiS IS a 
Ted Nugent) 'but some of the hou s~) . Anoth e r Da ngerhouse is being produced by David Bowie, r~ve:ent rendition. of a song that 
possibilities are intriguing. I -have d!dn .t really ~ake It Out oftheearly 
combinedseveralofthemintoalist s lx~l es : Wh!le not comple tely 
of current ~non- hit) singles I call satisfYing , It stands head and 
the " Alternate Top Ten ", not to be shoulde rs a.bove mos t of the 
confused with a similarly-named rema~es .belng done today. A 
grouping by a critic from another potentIal hit. . ... " 
major Southern Californ i a 6) Gen~r~tlon X -:: ~Ild D~,b. 
newspaper (hint : it recently (Chrysal~s Impo~) . Wild Dub !s 
initiated a San Diego edition) ' the the most m~erestmg effort from t~IS 
. ... . ' 1970s English " Mod" ,band, takmg 

slgOlhca.nt dl!ference belOll ~y their surprisingly antiseptic punk Top Ten IS decidedly more concise .. . " . . 
- it only has seven song on it. anthem ~lldYouth a ndputtmglt 

1) Ramones - " Baby Sitter ~.hrou~h ,~he reggae process of 
(Sire) . The A-side is an excellent dubbl~g -:- heayy ~n reverb and 
version of " Do You Wanna Dance" productIOn dial spmDlng. The result 
but this instant classic is more IS a cute record from a very cute 
representative of the Ramones ' group. .. ". 
outlook on life: "She says she's ?) Poles - CN To~er (Nimbus 
baby sitting tonight/She says come 9 Impor9 . A Cana~lan (Toronto) 
over it's all right/Yeah you know , band With a poetIC story about 
we'lihavetheTVon/ Aren' tweglad climbing a ra~io transr,nissi.on 
that the folks are gone." tower, replete With great hnes hke 

2) Avengers - "Car Crash" "Alice in W0l.lderland Marquis de 
(Dangerhouse) . It 's a difficult Sade/Je dOI~ m' echapper du 
choice between this song the monde ." I like the sound -
punkish anthem " We Are the One" reminiscient of Sweden' s legendary 
and the charming , defiant " I Shocking Blue (remember " Ve-
Believe in Me " on the San nus"? ) - and I like the way 
Francisco band's debut LP, but Michaele Jordanna sings, but I 
" Car Crash" gets the nod for Greg ~on't like the way she spells her 
Scars' great guitar and singer Geoer.tio. ·X-.c.tealba ••• c.tes .... p.lldn ... her.ixoDthe first name. 

altern.te c .... rt •. 

Album Reviews 

Coryell jazzes up rock Tull rots 
. by Ted Burke 

Guitar Duos-Twin House - Larry 
Coryell and Philip Catherine 
(Electra) I . 

Larry Coryell has been known for 
years as the wildman of jazz guitar, 
which is to say that he has all the 
technique any nascent fret monger 
could want, but very little of the 
tastiness associated with George 
Benson, Herb Ellis, Barney Kes-
sell, Burrell or jmv of the other bop 
traditionalists . Coryell 's roots are 
in rock , though, not bop, and his 
fus j on of the two opposing 
approaches have occasionally been 
exhilerating , but more often 
clumsy and off-hand. (Coryell 's 
best electric guitar work can be 
found on the Offering and Spaces 
albums on Vanguard .) 

Twin House, originally released 
in Europe, has Coryell picking up 
an acoustic guitar for a set of eight 
duets with British guitarist Phil 
Catherine, former guitarist for 
Focus. The results are revalatory . 

The two musicians seemed to have 
sen se d ea ch other ' s stylistic 
nuances, and support each other 

.with n' extra-sensory sympathy. 
Coryell gives some of the best solos 
he 's recorded in years here, an 
integration of idea and techniques 
that are dazzlin¥ and frequently 
brill iant. Catherme's sorties are 
equally dexterous, cutting a wide 
swath t ha t s tra ddles Django 
Rhineha rdt a nd John McLaughlin 
with rema rkable ease. Twin House 
is a 'loose set, laid back as some 
would have it , and highlights the 
best moments of two musicians 
getting high off of each other. 
Anyone who claims to love guitar 
should own this. A plus. 
Heavy Horses - Jethro Tull 
(Chrysalis) 

This is the usual TuB set: tight 
instrumental passages that have 
baroque and Anglo folk music 
overtones , Ian Anderson 's adnoidal 
vocals, and lots of lyrics that are . 
le ss t he a rt than composer , 

Electronic composer 
J a p a nese c ompo s er Tosh i Mr. [chi ya nagi has been involved 

Ichiya nagi will a rrive April 22 for a with the organization of m a ny 
three week reside ncy at UCSD's mu sic fes tiv a ls including th e 
CenterforMusicExperiment.Also Or ch est r a l Sp a ce Festival , 
act ive as a pia ni st , writer and Institute of 20th Century Music 
lecturer , he has been instrumental Festival and t he Sapporo Contem-
in introducing America n music to porary Music Festival. 
J apan including works by John He was invited by the JDR III 
Cage, Earl Brown, Cha rles Ives a nd Fund in New York to be an artist in 

oth~e~~ . " ./f'- res idence in 1967 and as .a guest 
(=' ...l./ ("- ~ composer by the DAAD m West 

aJ:! \ t· Gennany in 1976. In that same year 
.~ f'~) '\ 5l he com pleted an extensive concert ( ~ , _~ '--.::.c",_ r;;, tou r through Europe. 
- ~,.i·.:r·· . :OJ Th compositions he has written ; . _____ ~~: : !'''\ are numerous . Principal works in 
C:li'--~""""""'" ~ :: electronic music include "Appear-- i \..; a nce", " Electronic Space", " The ; ~U i ,-P Fiel d" for shakuhachi and 
\ 

""/\;::---'---c :\. J ( orchest ra. and nine piano works r--.~ - I .-'. . I includi ng " Pia no Media ." ~/~ '.:~..----o During his residence a t CME, he 
i r: \. .. VO ~~ wIlL be involved in writing a piece 
!:II '--~ . \ ". for electronics a nd voices, utilizing 

t: . 1£._ $ the lalent of the res ident vocal 
• • :;'" - - _ i ....... O> ensemble. EVTE . A seminar is 

a ". - .. / ~- plann d for Thursday, April 27 at 
- '{ i I: 00 In building 408 W . Pre nt d 

J.p.ne.e composer Ichiy/ in CO llabo ration wilh lhe Mus ic 
anagi ha. wrillen m.ny Department. thi ev nt i free a nd 
electronic co.po.itio.. open to thc public. Phon 452-4383 
•• ch •• the o.e .bove. for fu rther informatio n. 

a rranger , lyricist and singer 
Anderson thinks them to be. In 
other words, Heavy Horses is a 
relentlessly dull product which 
belies Anderson's past claims that 
he would never stylistially repeat 
himself. At this point, one wonders 
how deep the grave must be dug 
before one buries what is obviously 
rotting in the sunlight. F . 
Please Don't Touch - Steve 
Hackett (ChrysaliS) 

Hackett , ex -guitarist and 
composer for Genesis , is a pleasant 
fellow who's music claims nothing 
grander than what it really is : an 
amusing patische of musical 
gambits. Please Don't Touch has 
none of the frantic excitement of his 
previous Voyage of the Acoloyte, 
but as is, it is a superbly crafted 
project that eventually dissipates, 
musically and conceptually. Guest 
vocals by Steve Walsh from Kansas 
and Ritchie Havens add a little 
more flavor than what wO'Jld have 
been here had Hackett gone it 

alone. Not bad, but no cigar. C. 
Meet Me at the Crux - Di rk 
Hamilton (Elektra) 

Inspirational verse : " Bla me 
your mama / Egg. a duck / I'm 
watchin ' what your doin' / And what 
your doin ' sucks / It aint ba d 
timin 'l lt aint bad luck .. . " And 
another : " .. . Stop and take a 
breather/Let me freshen up your 
drink/ Explain to me in detail/ How 
your urine hits the sink." While I'm 
attrac ted to singer-songwriters 
'who use sycophancey rather than 
the oh-so·sensitive creepiness of the 
Jackson Brownes and Paul Simons 
of the world, sycophancy alone 
won 't pay the aesthetic rent. Elvis 
Costello manages .. art" in his 
pissed·off world view because he 
has a talent for good lines, and 
creates in his material a sense of 
what he's aiming at. Hamilton just 
sounds like one of those high school 
wise guys trying to word salad his 
way to genius. It won' t work. He's a 
once and future asshole. F .minus- . 

Eros to direct symphony 
in all request program 

Music direc tor Peter Eros will conduct an all-request program when the 
San Diego Symphony performs in three Civic Theatre concerts on April 27, 
28 arid 30, reports Richard Bass , the orchestra 's general manager. 

Selections a re among the works for which the orchestra has received the 
greatest number of audience requests. They include Mozart's Symphony 
No. 36 in K. 425 ("Linz" ) ; Falla's Three Dances from the Three-Cornered 
Hat, and Tc haikovsky' s Symphony No. 5 in E minor, Op. 64. 

This program replaces a previously·announced schedule featuringTheo 
Alcantara as guest conductor. Mr. Alcantara , who is musicdirectorofthe 
Grand Rapids (Mich.) Symphony, was forced to cancel his engagement 
due to ill health. 

All three San Die80 Symphony concerts with Mr. Eros conducting will be 
held in the Civic Theatre. The Thursday and Friday night concerts will 
begin at 8 pm and the Sunday matinee starts at 2: 30 pm. This Sunday's 
concert will also be broadcast "Uve" on KFSD·Radio (94.1 on the FM dia}) . 

Tickets for all three programs are available at the Center Box Office, 202 
"C" Street, downtown, or all Ticketron and Select·A-Seat agencies 
throughout the county. Prices are $9.50, $8.90, $7.50 or $6.00 each. For 
information, call 236-6510. 

The next Sa n Diego Symphony concert will be the Cinale in its winter 
subscription eason. On May 4, 5 a nd 6, the orche tra will perform Berlioz ' 
" Da mnation of Faust" with three soloists and the combined voice of th 
San Diego Symphonic Chorale a nd th Sa n Diego State University Aztec 

on ert hoir. 

• Page 7 

SOPHOMORES JUNIORS 
FUGHT PLAN FOR YOUR FUTURE WITH A 

• • 
maJo' l [Aviation Resern Officer Candidatel A Collete Protram of the Navy ,th m, I 

Will you start out as a professional in the field of your choice riIht after collet.f N, who I 
like so many others these days, will you be forced to fi nd just any old job until r I 
one you've been educated for comes aloni? ~ntY v' , 
SUppose on the other hand you could step immediately into a gDlld-jlli{, :512,54a. TtL I 
to start and $20,500 in 4 years), elcitilll job that you betan traininr for (with pasters -l 
doone SIIIIIIIIer vacation bttwun your Junior and Senior years? in th J 
This is the way of AVROC, a .once.in.a.~ifetime opportunity waitil1( for cOllei~rn~ . 
SOPHOMORES, and JUNIORS with somethll1( on the ball. twins 
AVROC means excitement and challellle and a way to spend four to five years as , 
llaYal Aviation Officer. Travelinr, flyinr, ralnilll self·confid.nce in a world ot 
professionals. 
It's challenailll to qualify for the AVROC Pro(ram. It takes above·average health 
(you don't need 20/20 vision), intallillnce, stamina and drive to make it Because 
ftyilll modem lit aircraft is a demandil1( profession, physically, mentally and 
spirituaUy, you don't find any kids 'drivil1( NAVY plants. 

YOU au Y APPl. Y WlTlfOUT OBUGA TlOIt! 
For IIIOIt infonnatien contact: \lie Mavy Information Tum forOllicer f'roIrams at UCSD CarIel 
PI_1i1ll and PIac..tOflice. A!ri 25-2&, 108111-2 pm. Of cal lT. John Chalklral 29).6444. 

BELLA ABZUG 
speaking on: 

International Women's Year 
pril 25, TutSda,y. 8:00 p.m. UC an Dieco B Ol[ Omce: 432-4359 

Mandtville Auditorium pedal Group Rates on G.A .• 432-4102 
D t . $1.00, General Adml 1011 $1.30 

• 



tritOn times ,,., ApfI 21, 1m 

I WIS I COULD'VE 
USED I I ISS BEER. .alDAYS 

I CAllI. 21 (REIII 5.01 .a •• DS I 
_EISIVE· 

liD WEAl STROIG 

£; 1978 M,lIMlIf.w'ng Co M~w.UI:" . WII 

Matt Snell 
Former All-Pro Fullback 

FrtcIey, AprIl 21, 1171 

Above - UCSD i.fielder D.ve VoaagUie is not tryiltg to 
... n tile a.pi_ ~. "tiler, he .... j_t .cored a run in a 
recent sa- asaiast Cal Baptiet. 
Below - D.ve'. twin hl"Otller, Doag, g_ high to atop a .hot 
in a soccer ... tcla ... t ye.r. Ve .... tile athlete., hoth 
brothers play soccer aad baseball aad have lettered ia each 
.port for aU four of the ye .... they h .. ve attended UCSD. 

. \ 

FRIDAY nilE 
rL~(KJ 

No one nally Jmew. 
No orw II7IIil now. 
No 0fW IlltlilIter. 

TOI...... 1 MCI 1:30 pm usa 2722 
Centr.' Box Office, 452·4558 

""' ..... E ..... Off'" 

triton times 

Sports 
UCSD twins make opponents look 
twice; combine for 16 letters 

by Henry J. DeVries ' to play goalie at the UC Santa Cruz sponsored 
Staff Writer All-Cal tourney. It was the first gam Doug has 

Doug and Dave Youngdale are two identical ever played goalie. Theexcellentsaveshem .. lit! 
twins from La Jolla who have accomplished a that day not only led the Tritons to a victory, 
remarkable feat at UCSD. Together they have they also earned him honors as All-Cal 
earned 16 varsity collegiate letters. tournament goalie. 

The Youngdale twins have simultaneously 
lettered in soccer and baseball at UCSD for the 
past four years. Both are seniors who will 
graduate in June. 

Ironically, the Youngdale twins come from 
the twin cities of Minneapolis·St. Paul. The pair 
was born 21 years ago in Minneapolis. When 
Doug and Dave were five the Youngdale family 
moved to their current residence in La Jolla. 
Doug and Dave began playing organized 
athletics together at the age of eight at the La 
Jolla Little League. They've been teammates 
ever since. 

At La Jolla High the pair lettered in soccer for 
all three years and baseball for two. As high 
school seniors the twins helped pace La Jolla to 
an undefeated record and a elF Soccer 
Championship. That same year Doug and Dave 
also helped lead their baseball team to a league 
championship and !he CIF quarter finals . 

In 1974 the twins graduated Crom La Jolla High 
School. They chose to attend their hometown 
university, UCSD. They also chose to pursue 
identical athletic careers in soccer and 
baseball. 

Seeing double 
The Youngdales are not quite as identical as 

they once were. Dave no sports a shorter 
haircut than Doug. Recently, the big difference 
in appearance has been Doug opting Cor contact 
lenses over the round spectacles they both once 
wore. It has not always been so easy to tell them 
apart. 

Their identical appearances had been known 
to create some confusion. In their freshman 
year on the soccer squad UCSD played a match 
against USC. After the game an amazed USC 
squad came over to 'compliment Doug 
Youngdale on his play. "They all said, 'You 
played great. You were aU over the field' ," 
remembered Doug. The praise turned to 
laughter when the USC squad discovered Dave 
Youngdale standing behind his brother Dou~. 

The most memorable game for each 
Youngdale occurred at an All-Cal Soccer 
tournament. As a freshman in the 1974 AU-Cal at 
UCSB, Dave booted in a penalty kick that 
defeated UC Davis and sent UCSD into the finals 
with UCLA. The Tritons finished second that 
year as UCLA narrowly defeated UCSD 2~. 

As a sophomore in 1975 Doug was called upon 

This season Doug won honorable mention 
. from NAIA District Three for his playas goalie. 

UCSD Soccer Coach Stewart Hayes feels that 
Doug is "capable of playing anywhere" on a 
soccer field. Besides goal keeping, Doug also 
played fullback and halfback this season. 

Although Doug split his time between goalie 
and field positions, he still managed to lead the 
squad in assists and overall point total. He was 
second on the squad in goals scored with five. 
" Doug can take a zero situation and turn it into 
something," stated Hayes. 

Recurring injury 
Due to injuries, Dave has not been as effective 

as his brother on the soccer field . In a game last 
season against UCLA Dave tore the ligaments in 
his ankle. The injury forced him to sit out the 
remainder of his junior season. While playinjz 
Point Lorna this season he reinjured the ankle. 
" The last two years have been half seasons for 
me," said Dave. 

But the torn ligaments ha ve not stopped Dave 
from joining his brother on the baseball team. 
Baseball coach Lyle Olsen terms the 
Youngdales his "defensive stalwarts. " Dave 
has served as a utility infielder for the Tritons 
while Doug has become the team 's catcher. 

Both the Youngdales agree that Olsen is a 
" Cree spirited" coach who is more concerned 
with how much the team learns than with 
winning ballgames. Although baseball at CSD 
has been " frustrating" at times , the twins say 
they have enjoyed the experience. 

Graduation may not break up the team oC 
Youngdale and Youngdale . The pair are 
currently cooking up schemes and ideas that 
could possibly lead to going into business 
together. Doug is a double major in EconomicSi 
and Political Science. Dave is an AMES majo" 
interested in pursuing engineering. "With m' l 
business sense and my brother's know-hOW, wh: I 
knows?" pondered Doug. I 

If they need a work force there is plenty l. , 
labor available at their home in La Jolla. Ttl. I 
twins have five brothers and four sisters ' 
making a grand total of 11 children in th J 
Youngdale family. The pair obviously learner 
teamwork growing up in a la rge family . 
Perhaps the teamwork of the Youngdale twins 
will continue in the years to come. 

Check Out 
Our CODlplete Ne", Line 

of Vitamins 

ULTR~A 

I·x• : SUPOtI COMPlEX .....~­"''' __ ell 
........ ..., 

" ~. ~ "o~ Lower Prices! 
Ne\W ItelDs! 

. 

Vitamin 

C 
WITH 

ROSE HIPS _lOG. 

University Bookstore 
Matthews Campus 



I 

B Clinics 
Are Now Open 

------..,·· Free -tutoring In Biology, 

-

• 

Chemistry, Economics, 
Mathematics, Physics and 
Statlstlcsl 
Math/Physlcs/Stats 

4070 USB 
Biology/Chemistry 

4010 USB 
11-4 Monday-Friday 12-4 Mondlly-Friday 
6-1 Sundey-Thursday 6-1 Sundlly-Thursday 

No • Intment neceua 

Janice's 
Hair Garden Special 

Men's Haircuts - Only $8 

~ lanicr's Salom: 
~ 416] Park BI,·d. 
: 197 38C 

J ) 17 Third A vt'. 
,fhula Visra 
. 16-2833 

all hair services 
with Student ID 

and this ad 

Reg. 510 

Balh Salam op'" 

}anier's HQir Garden 
1150 h osp'" 
~r K. llor Plaza. IA Jolla 

-154-1077 
Mon-Frl. 9·8 Sat. 9-5 Sun. }0-4 9-8 Sat. !!-6 

WHATEVER TURNS YOU ON 
IS IN 

HAROLD ROBBINS' 

EM~NUEL L WOLF PltSonlS 
LAURENCE OliVIER 

ROBERT ~UVALL KATHARINE ROSS TOMMY LEE JOIIES 
JANE ALEXANDER • HAROlD ROBBINS' THE BETSY 

LESLEY-ANPlE DOWN JOS£PtI Wlstll1AN EDWAIIU ItBIIIMAIIN 
PAUL ROOO KATHLEEN BELLER 
Scr"Il)I~ by WILUAM BAST l1li WAlTER BERNSTEIII 
Music JlltN BARRY ProdIc.d by ROBERT R. WESTolI 

DlrlClld by DANIEL PETRIE 
An Allied ,.rtll ts lHaroid Robbins International Productron IR I ~ 

An Aftted Art ISts Release (II) 
C l978Altted A" .... P.:1urnl...tf"l) 

NOW PLAYING 
PLAZA FIESTA 1 
San Diego 232·050 I Chula V,Sla 422·5287 
CENTURY 1 ROMONl 1 
San Diego 582· 7690 Romona 789·3422 

PLAZA 
Escondido 
745·5087 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
*LOW COST 
·CONFI DENTIAL 

*STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
~able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

rra um 
Wednesday's issue of 

the Triton Times, members 
of the men's volleyball team 
were incorrectly identified 
because of a past-dated 
photograph . The Triton 
Times re rets this error. 

'rIMy. AprIl 21. 1171 
Sports 
i ritons can't put 
it all together 

by Mark Stadler 
It seems that every time this year'~ UCSD baseball tea.m 

receives good pitching and defense - which has been often - Its 
bats are silent. On the other hand, on those fairly rare occasions 
when Triton hitters have been on the beam, the pitching and 
defense seem to collapse. 

So it went over the past week-and-a-half, as UCSD dropped five 
of seven games by such diverse scores as 3-2, 2-4» and 4-2, against 
Southern Cal College; 8-1, against Biola College; and 9-8, against 
the University of San Diego. 

The Tritons' wins were also by diverse scores, as they topped 
Biola 5·2 last Wednesday and outslugged Pomona·Pitzer 11·10 
Tuesday. Six games left 

The Tritons, now 5-24 on the year, are winding down their 
season, with only six games left. Tomorrow they travel to 
Redlands for a twinbill. Tuesday they return home to face tough 
league rival USIU. 

Senior pitcher Craig Jahries continued on his winning ways in 
last week's victory over Biola. Jahries - who picked up UCSD's 
first complete game win two weeks ago against Cal Baptist 
stretched his record to 3-3 by hurling the last four and one-third 
innings against Biola. 

Jahries a bearded lefthander who looks something like Kansas 
City Roy~1 relief ace Al Hrabsoky, entered the Biola game with the 
bases loaded and two out in the third inning, with UCSD on top 3·1. 
He struck out Biola's third baseman Alex Bellows, and went on to 
hold Biola to four hits and one run the rest of the game. 

The Tritons picked up the three runs Jahries and starter Tom 
Nicholson needed to win in the first inning, as second baseman 
Mark Sharpe and shortstop Rob Gramme led off with singles. 
After leftfielder Bob Va age reached first on an error, scoring 
Sharpe, first baseman Pete Wilcox chipped in with an ~BI 
sacrifice fly and outfielder Pat McGovern had a run-scorlDg 
single. 

Seesaw battle 
The Pomona victory represented more of a battle for the 

Tritons, who saw a 7-1 third inning lead transformed into a 9-8 
deficit by the bottom of the eighth . In the top of the ninth , UCSD 
combined a walk to infielder Dave Youngdale, a sacrifice fly by 
first baseman Bob Allen, a Pomona error and run-scoring singles 
by outfielder Paul Eddings and pitcher Tom Schwartz to score 
three runs and take the win. 

The Tritons, who had 14 hits in the game, had, not surprisingly, 
many hitting stars. They included Vaage , three hits in five at-bats; 
AlIen, 2-3; Doug Youngdale, 2-5; and Eddings, 3-4. 

Jahries started the game for UCSD, and gave up three runs on 
six hits. After senior righthander Vince Askey pitched the sixth, 
Schwartz came on to hurl the last three frames . Schwartz 
surrendered three runs and seven hits , picking up his first win of 
the season. 

Gf their five losses, UCSD dropped three close games to league 
rival Southern Cal College, by scores of 3-2,2-4» and 4-2. In the 3-2 
loss, four Triton pitchers gave up 14 hits but only three- runs, 
including one in the ninth with the score knotted at two apiece . 
Triton hitters picked up 12 hits but could only score twice as they 
had three runners picked off and two caught stealing. 

IIV8:S88'ler'" 
BlTIUI·' 
r----------------------~------~-, 

l,~,· I @. 
I 

WITH OUR TUNE-UP 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

---------------------------------r-------------------------------I 
I . _-III I 
I I 
I S25.95 I~~~~~~) VW MII.95 (~~~~l I 
I ALL PARTS AND LABOR GUARANTEED. FOR 2 MOS. OR 2.000 MILES I 
I I 
I TUNE-UP FOR YOUR VW OR DATSUN- INCLUDES: PLUGS. POINTS. I CONDENSOR . VALVE COVER GASKETS. ADJUST VALVES. ADJUST CARBURETOR. CLEAN I DISTRIBUTOR. CHECK PLUG WIRES. SET DWELL AND TIMING. OIL CHANGE . GASKETS & FILTERS I L _______________________________ ~ 

~uto 
.. , DATSUN III VOLKSWAGEN 

INDEPENDEI'4T PARTS . REPAIR - SERVICE 
. 4887 VOLTAIRE STREET. OCEAN OEACH 225·0183 

4600 EL CAJON 8LVD .• EAST SAN DIEGO 283·2271 11M' ,.nn 

PLEASE PRESENT THE ABOVE COUPON BEFORE SERVICE. 
OFFER EXPIRES APRIL 30, 197B 

'rtdar. AprI21. 1m triton times Pege 1', 
S~~p~o~r~t~s~-------------=~~===---~~n~-~-------~~~-w-.,H-rn--i 

I ~--- I 
WELCOME 

rn , ... 'I.~' OA'lu. 

Women's tennis 
Season ends victoriously 

by Karen Hunler 
Staff Writer 

The women's tennis team ended jts dual season in smashing 
style on Wednesday afternoon as they pounded Redlands, 9-0 . The 
netters ended their season with an even 7-7 record . 

Leading the long string of Triton victories against Redlands was 
Debbie Shapiro with a 6-1 , 6-1 win at number one singles Lisa 
Winsten , Amy Goldenberg, Elizabeth Denberg and Ellen 

Glucks,!,~n all posted co~vincing singles triumphs. The most 
competitIVe match was 10 the number three position where 
Stephanie Cecere defeated her opponent 6-2, 7-5. 

Doubles victors in straight sets were TurbQw/Winsten and 
Goldenberg/Winston. The number two doubles match was stopped 
in the third set due to the late hour, however Cecere and Van 
Denberg still managed to pull out the ninth Triton victory of the 
day, 4-6, 6-1 , 3-4». 

"Everybody was tough today ," rema rked coach Chris Mattson 
obviously pleased with her team's performance. "Each and every 
player played really well ." 

Women sUde by USIU 
Tuesday was also a winning afternoon for the team as they slid 
b~ USIU, 5-4. Pacing the team once again was Shapiro, 3-6, 6-0, 6-2. 
WIDsten, Goldenberg and Glucksman added three more singles 
victories to the team effort. 

At number one doubles Shapiro/Winsten were downed 6-3, 7-5. 
The duo of Glucksman/Fletcher also was defeated, 6-4, 7-5. 'Fhe 
third doubles match was won by a forfeit. 

Coach sums up season 
Looking back at the entire season Chris Mattson viewed it as 

successful. .. Almost every player improved her tennis ~ame. Most 
importantly, I think we all enjoyed oursel ves. This team showed a 

Jot of team spirit! " 
The remaining event of the season is the Ojai Tournament the 

world 's largest tennis tournament, to be played next weeke~d in 
Ojai. Playoffs will be held next week in order to narrow it down to 
the two players that UCSD is allowed for women's singles. Shapiro 
and Winsten will compete in doubles competition. The tourney is 
scheduled to run April 27-30. 

TAKING AIM - UCSD we ••• •• t ......... ace s. ...... ' 
C.cere .......... to ret.ra a ltackINIIMI eliot ia W" •• IIIIy·. 
_tel ... b t .... ~ .. C ..... UCSO ...... tIaeir ......... 
M ••• ~ We .......... , M .... R ' ••• witIa a 7.7 
neON. 

Rugby teams muddled 
In season finales 

The UCSD men's and wo-
men's rugby teams flnlahed 
their regular season last 
weekend in the rain and mud at 
the 13th annual Santa Barbara 
Rugby Tournament. held at 
UCSB. 

The men beat Moorpark and 
Junlbr College on Saturday, 4-3 , 
on a try by forward Dave 
Ochs, but lost their other two 
games. El Pueblo College, from 
Arizona, beat UCSD4-4», andUC 
Irvine defeated the Tritona 13~. 
Two field goals were kicked by 
Mike Peckham in the Irvine 
game. 

WOIDH will alld ao.e 
The women'. first game was 

105t to UCLA, 6-0, in a closely 
matched contest. In their next 
game, playing on a field that 
was about 6 inches under water, 
the UCSD women defeated the 
Inland Women's Rugby Club 

from Riverside, 4-0 . The 
winning try was scored by 
forward Kitty Robinson. 

All games except the champ-
ionships on Sunday were 
cancelled, due to the muddy 
Cields. The final lame in the 
women's division was won by 
Ombush (a San Dielo club): 
the men's championship team 
was the Daly City Browns. 

Although the regular season 
is now over for the UCSD 
ruuera, the teams still have 
.veral lames to play. TIle 
HuntinltoD Beach Unicorns 
will travel to UCSD on April 29 
to play the Triton women. On 
the same day, the annual Old 
Men ' s/Young Men's game 
(between UCSD and Members 
oCthe Del Mar Rugby Club) will 
take place, as well as the 
traditional co-ed Three Legged 
Rugby Game, 

D .... d. 'M .J" , .. 'M. U \ h 

COMPETmVE 
PRICES! 

SAN DIEGO 
DATSUN 

.. 1&,.....· ...... 
MIllION YAWT-IAIT 

YtrIp.--.... --
........ ----

I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I ' , I 
I I 
I One Half Roasted Chicken I 
I I 
I Tourn,dol, LI Jolla I 
I 

' I Baked Boned aaby Trout-Menlere : 
I Selected a,by Calvel Liver I I 
I FII.t 01 Pori(, G.nt.lomm. I 
, All Entrees seNe<! with I 
, Rice Pllal . Vegelablas. , 
I Fresh {;om Muffins and I 
'Child'. Plate 
I Available 
I CIOHd Mon 
I 

Specially Breads & Butter I 

III: BREAKfAST ! I 10 am-2 I 
I 7612 FAY AVE., LA JOLLA i 
I 459-0504 Member Let's Dine Oul no. 46 I 
C ___ ~NC _______ ~Iected Wln!..L!!I~~er J 

r - - - - - - ~- --- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- .. -. - - - - -- - - - -_ •• 
: .JIHmtUm: '(lwIk CJU~ Sh«fm~ - : i HELP WANTED i 

The fo~lowi~g positions fo~ next year a re currently open. and NOW is the t ime to apply! All 
I vacancies Will be filled dUring April and May. Available posi tions are listed in order of their 
• approaching application deadlines. 
• 

POSITIO ' • 
• 
• REVELLE COMM . ON COL:EGE 
• AFFAIRS (RCCA). Ser~.upo1lcydedoiOfl 
• ...,. ... body lor me <OS,... _ .a- willi 
... ,....wI4o AS .... ·t. A"" perde.,.t. Ito I Currlc •••• Re.le. an" Pro"o, EIre. 
. C~ .. 
• RHULE ASSOC. STUD. GOn REP. 
• 

Sen ......... totSoeA ..... SI .... . Go.·t .SIt 
on AS C ....... K.., R ..... t_ ...... y 

.lnf ............ AS ....... 
• REVULE COLLEGE INTERNS. 'deoIdfy 
• Ia_ ........... 01 R ..... stud_ atld 

den?op pr"lJ1lml to -' t ..... -.II. Sen. I .. _Soer 01 0 ... •• staff. Full you peld 
lpooltioa. 

o. of 
Opt.nincs 

6 

3 

Appl. 
Or .dlin 

Fri. Apr. 21 

Fri, Apr. 21 

Frt. Apr. 21 

Appl's 
A'ailill 

PrOyost' s omu 
Commllftlt, C.nt .. 
Rulehn' Dun 

Provost' , omt e 
Community Cenl .. 
R. id.at Dun 

Look in& For People Who ... 

Ha .. lnttre I in toUt •• I .... es and . tDd.nt 
",lfar" Irt' connmtd .bou, tunicu m. 
o wer. f ro _d lna , and stud tn t Input on 
campu l dtdslon-m1 kinc. 

Inrtru e in campu",""ide iSlu, • • 1 the)' 
o.lfttt all l 0 students and Rndl. 
ludonllin partitular. 

PrOyost'.Om t . An rt on Ibl. and ruourt duP; wltb 
1110 n . ... Rd. SNp Id ... and . nll lY 10 imr>ro" If. a ' lh. 
from Stud . Employ. cono •• and crtllo a b.tter 1m •• of 
om .. 210 Me community a t R .. elt • . 

• .EVULE PROCRAM 10ARD. Sen, IS J '-'1, May Il 
I ............... 'or <ostea. adl~lt ... and Commutor. 

Pro voot·. om .. 
COIIIlllunlt, C.nlt r 
Resident Dran' . 
om .. 

Ha .. emwn. Intlftsl In plannin, for' 
quality .. tl~ld.. and mt.nalnlDetll . t 
R .. eII • • WUlln,lo t.am and to wor!< with a 
lJ'ovp. 

-....-. Alocat. .."......... 01 J 
• SJIII , ...... It.),,..,... "'"'ad. R.sId.ntl 
• CAMPUS 0 COMMITTEES . J~l' Fri, May Il Pro.oot·. omu 
• R.,.- "",tit OIl _......- (0.,. Rea C_m ... it, Cont.r Want 10 I.a,n 100. this t ampus roaU, run . 
• F., A ..... ) C~. ...d ha .. Id ... about Ioow to Impro .. It. 

I---------~-----------~--------------------J 
FOR THE AEROSPACE MUSEUM 

april 22 

ROCK & ROLL 
JOE MARILLO QUARTET 

TED PICOU QUARTET 
BANDlNI -T 
TAlL COTTON 
THUNDERBOLT THE 
'I.ONDERCOLT 
JAZZ 

12:00 pm. 

AT THE BALBOA 
STARLIGHT BOWL 

••• 
information 488 -9652 

.. 

tickets on sale at l1:00am at the door 
admission $ 3.25 

free parking 
no bottles or cans in the bowl 



triton tim. II,....,. AprII1. '1" 

©19n Miller BNwing Co . Milwaukee. Wis. 


