
• 

J 

The tunnels: UCSD's' 
final frontier sort of 

not by Alan Russell multi-colored pipes that are tunne!<; but that t}l<-> real reason 
and William Pegler displayed in the glassy Central students shouldn ' t be down 

Some people are not aware of Utilities, suggested Powers. there is because the tunnels 
THE TUNNELS . Here . At Yet, back to the tunnels . "are extremely dangerous. " 
UCSD. Honest. "Well, each segment of the Stating that the high voltage 

Rumors have abounded for tunnels was built at a different wires and the steam systems 
years, and to check the veracity time and is a support system of mad e for "a nun h e a It h y 
of such we contacted Campus the various colleges ," said environment," Powers also 
Architect Chuck Powers. Powers. " Within them you 'll noted that the temperature 
Wishing he could "explain find steam, telephone wires, down in the tunnels was 
away" the miles of subter- gas and basic utilities . The "unpleasant and hot, " and " for 
ranean underground, Power tunnels are there for these the life of him" he couldn' t see 
couldn't, so instead he asked, basic utilities ." why anybody would want to go 
"Why would anyone want to The tunnels themselves " down there unless they had 
publicize the tunnels? extend to all the colleges and to." 

"They're actually very the medical school, and are, Though Powers " doesn ' t 
boring." according to Powers , "well know of any penalty involved 

Yet midnight whispers are locked up." He said that even with entering the tunnels," he 
still heard, murmers of "the fewer workmen are now going assumed it would be that of, 
tunnels, the tunnels," con· into the tunnels, as "some ofthe "e n te ri n gun aut h 0 r i zed 
juringupimagesofsecretDNA work can now be done remot- property," and added that the 
labs, underground spy net- ely." Despite this, he admits . biggest penalty was " that of 
works or, for the escape finding "recent evidence of endangering one's life." 
minded, Yossarian·like people students ," the presence of ••••• 
fleeing from a catch -22 which he says, "is not really a Seven of us did not enter the 
existence - "and there ' s good thing." Stygian depths , nor did 'we 
nothing to see." Powers said that in the past experience the temperature 

If you wan t so met h i n g there had been some vandalism fluctuations and continual hum 
interesting to see, go look atthe and damage down in the (Please tum to page 9) "Abandon all hope, ye who enter here." 

v ..... 33, Number 21 
uCSan DIq. 

..• see you April 3. 

New budgets satisfy 
most campus journals 

by Eric Ja e 
taff Writer 

Despite significant cut in their budget reque t , poke m n for 
the campus media that received AS funding for pring quarter 
,indicate that they will b able to operat adequa tely within th ir 
a llocation . 

The Free Triton, L' hayim, th P opl ' Voic and Voz 
Fronteriza all will receive Ie 
from th A Council than the 

Saxon recommends changes in lab contracts 
request they had negotiated 
with Communications Com-
mi sion r Dave Eisen. Each 
new paper i planning on 
making budg t cuts. How ver, 
they a ll a that the will b 
able to operate next quarter University of California President David S . Saxon 

believes that the recommenda-
tions of the committe a p-
pointed to examine the relation-
hip b tween the University of 

California and the Lawrence 
Livermore Laboratory and th 
Lo Alamos Scientific Labora-
tory " provide a sound C:l nd 
workable framework for the 
future. " 

Saxon made the statement 
last week at a meeting of the 

C Academic Assembly in Los 
Angele , and noted that hi 
mind wa open to persuas ion to 
the contrary. 

U manages the labs under 
contract to the Department of 
Energy. It has done so ever 
since the laboratories were 
first established, through 
C'ontracts with federal agencies 
that preceded the Department 
of Energy . The committee 
report, presented to Saxon on 
February 10, unanimously 
recommends continued man· 

agement of the laboratories by 
UC, but only if "significant" 
changes are made. 

" The major change recom· 
m nded ," axon aid , " is for 
appomtment of a new manage-
m e nt entity . a Board of 
Overseers with trusteeship 
function s, to be e tabli s hed 
within one year to survey all 
a peets of the la bs ' programs 
and policies . The Board of 
Overseer is proposed to be a 
subcommittee of the Board of 
Regents," Saxon pointed out, 
"and would be compo ed of 
Regents , faculty and non-
university members. 

" A second major emphasis of 
the report is on enhancing and 
fostering contacts between the 
labs and the campuse through 
exchanges among faculty , 
students and laboratory staffs, 
cooperative research and 
development projects and 0 
forth ," Saxon noted. 

w...,.. J#MI .ay .... - !'yo_ 
of UCSO' ........... ,",l'8OtIt c.-ten. Coffee, te., food .... 
ot"'.110 lI.ow wiII ... t ...... See .... Sforw ... re .... whe •. 

He said he will "consult 
.broadly with respect to how 
best to fie h out that framework 
and to move toward implemen-
tation." He i now circulating 
th report for comment within 
tlJe UC community and has 
provided copies to individua ls 
in the U.S. Department of 
Energy and in other Washing-
ton agencies who are concerned 
with the contract between UC 
and the Depa rtment of Energy. 

Saxon said that " following 
consultation , and in due cour e, 
I will be bringing a recommen-
dation to the Board of Re-
gents." 

lor and now ha ncel lor of th 
ni ver ity of fllin oi at 
rbana-Champaign. Member 

wer arlton Bovell. pro -
fe or of microbiology , ' 
Riverside ; Louise G~eorge 
Clubb. professor of Italian and 
comparative literature , UC 
B rkel y; Edward Hammel, 
a i tant director of the Los 
Alamo Scientific Laboratory 
for energy ; Trudy Martin , 
student body president at U 
Berkeley; Robert Michael n, 

One new pap r that did not 
receive fundIng wa tne 
Forum . poke man Jon Bek-
ken aid that the Forum i 
d igned " to fill the gap " 
between the Triton Time and 
the new indicator. According to 
Bekken, th Forum would b 
primarily conce rn ed with 
inve tigative and in -depth 
reporting, but it ha ne\ i be-
fore I;> en publi hed . 

The former AS PublIC 
Relation ommi sion r 
Bekken aid that the AS did not 
grant hi request for enoug1 
mone to fund a trial i ue of 
the Forum becau e of per onal-
ity differen('p ;) nd fear on the 

profe or of religious studies. 
C Santa Barbara ; Richard 

Wagner Jr., a ociate director 
of the Lawrence Livermore 
Laboratory for nuclear testing; 
and Herbert York, profes or of 
phy ic , UC San Diego. 

The committe wa chaired 
by William Gerd e rding , 
formerly LA \ Tice-chancel- (Please turn to page 5) 

Counseling confuses student 
Revelle requirements found quite perplexing 

by Laura A. Richter 
News Editor 

Nothing is given so profusely as advice. 
And nothing can be more harmful than bad 

advice. 
Revelle sophomore Steve Powell recently 

wrote to the Triton Times . telling of 
ambiguities in the academic counseling he 
had received in the AMES Department for his 
Applied Mechanics major. His advisor, Carl 
Gibson, told him to complete the Revelle 
Natural Science sequence, " a couple of extra 
math courses" and APIS 61 , in order to 
prepare for his major courses during hi junior year. 

PowelJ went to the 1976·77 catalogue and 
found that Natural Science 2F was also a 
suggestf'd course for his major, and was later 
told that 2F was a prerequisite. Powell spoke 
with William Nachbar, another AMES 
advisor, who explained that the cour e was a 
prerequisite even though it was not II ted as 
such for the AMES courses. 

"We don't list all the prerequisite . That 
would be a wa te of time," said Nachbar, 
according to Powell . 

Gib on was contacted again by Powell, and 
aid that the extra chemistry cour e wa 

uired but that he need not take APIS 61 , 

adding that he could take AMES 10 in th Fall 
in tead . After drupping of( hi program card 
with the Regi trar, Powell notic d that th 
catalogue Ii ted API 61 a pr r qui itt for 
AMES 10. 

Confu ed? 0 was Powell , and he ay he 
still is . 

Gibson told the Triton Time that among 
other inadequacies in the advi ing y tern , 
there wa no po sible way that he , as a first 
year advisor. could confirm thi . adding that 
there had never been a request for uch a list. 
The Regi trar's office said that even if a Ii t 
wa available, it would be incomplet or 
inaccurate, a students fail to report that 
information. 

If a student doe take the initiative to con-
tact his advisor, a in the case of Powell, it 
still may not be ('Iear what cour e th tu-
dent hould be em'oll d in. According to Gib-
on and Chairman of the Undergraduat 

Studies Committ . Daniel Olfe, the problem 
arise when department requirements and 
cour e yUabae are altered. The communica· 
tion of thi information i d pendent on 
amendments to the catalogu in it lat t 
edition, or interdepartment notice . 

One point of agr ment among both th 
(PI a turn &0 INlI 4) 



2 ¢ worth of notes 
Cle IrJing out a quarter's worth of notes: false starts and very 

short ;&ents. 
• TUJI; PLA V'S THE THING: The term "the show must ~o on" 

Tbe night of tbe tralic early morning fire which IUtted San Diego's 
famou~ community theatre, actors in the Globe's neilhbor, The 
Carter Centre Stale went ahead with their scheduled play> 
Pinter's Old TbneI. 

In the lengthy shadow of over 40 years of charred theatrical 
history, in the emotional upheaval caused by the fire, the play was 
staled - and came off marvelously. Despite their often malilned 
status in our protestant work ethic society, it must be as otbers 
have said: acton are among the best of people. 

• TAKE ME OUT TO THE BALLPARK: It's March, and 
baseball is back - finally. Millions of people once again begin 
measuring time in innings and achievements in such arcane 
things as earned run averages and runs-batted-in. Many writers 
have tried defining baseball's attraction. They've attributed it to 
the game's grace and order, to socialization, to childhood 
memories. 

Yet, any reason is going to be personal and private, in the end . 
Suffice it to say, baseball- once you get past the money hassles 
and Bowie Kuhn's banalities - is damned beautiful, and it 's been 
far too long since last year's World Series. 

.... -
Letters to 
the editor 
Thad Jones: 
An appeal 
for your life 

To Thad Jooea, To the Penon Who 
11 Goiq to Kin Him/Henelf, To 
Anyone Who KIIows or Tbinb They 
Know Who Tb1a Penon 11 (teU bim 
or ber) : 

You say you're lolnl to kill 
yourself. If it's ,all a bit joke, aa too 
many people too eaaily . lay, tben 
tbil letter will make me look real 
foolish, but I 've never let it bother 
me before, 10 I won't belln DOW. IC 
it' s true, you really are planninl to 
ltill yourself, I'd like you to talk to 
me before you do. I 'd like to talk to 
you. Yes, I'm 101111 to try, softly, to 
stop you from killinl yourself. I 
really think I could convince you of 

• WHEN IS OLD NOT OLD?: One thing that always makes me 
feel a little inferior is reading the occasional reports of people, 
living in relatively unsophisticated countries, who reportedly live 
to incredibly old ages. Obviously, since most Americans only live 
to be 60 or 70, we must be decadent slob who have deserted the 
good, natural life. 

Now, though, a UC anthropologist reports that many people 
living in peasant countries, who say they live to such ripe old ages, 
are either lying or mistaken . The anthropoligists checked 
baptismal records in a country village in Ecuador, and found the 
resident-s' stated ages to be quite different from the real things . 
Maybe we're not so decadent after all... 

Who is Strebel to 
condemn abortion? 

Life's beauties and its brilliances. 
It is obvious that you are intelligent 
enough to belin to fully understand 
someone else's perspective on Life. 
I hope you 'Il l isten to mine - I love 
life, I find tremendous potential in 
it, and however much it's fucked 
me over I won 't give up on it. 
Neither will I give up on people, 
myself included. It's certainly not 
because I'm religious or because 
life's been uncommonly good to me. 
Somewhere in me, though, I feel a 
lot of love for humanity an4 

• KNOW YOUR AUDIE CE: Graduate student Albin 
Rhomberg, one of the UCSD students suing the university over 
campus abortian policies , has noticed an interesting thing about 
the Birth Control Institute ad which recently ran in both t~eTriton 
Times and the Daily Aztec . The ad in the Triton Times said, 
" STUDENT HEALTH I SURANCE ACCEPTED." In the ad 
printed in the Aztec, no such wording was used. Guess which 
university 's health insurance covers abortions? 

• MATTHEWS CAMPUS? WELL, YOU MAKE A RIGHT ... : 
One of the few things that makes me feel socially useful at UCSD is 

. (Please turn to page 4) 

Student volunteers . 
for tenure committee 
Editor: 

I strongly agree with Mike 
McDonald's (Mar. 13) letter and 
when students are called to be on 
the tenure committee, I'm your 
first volunteer. I , too, am losing 
professors through the "tenure 
system of elimination" who are 
excellent teachers while lesser 
"experts in their field " with tenure 
intact , are remaining at this 
university . These people will read 
whole lectures to their classes from 
their upcoming book, pen in hand, 
to correct errors , before publica-
tion . (1 can read as well as the next 
guy.) In fact, next year' students 

will probably be reading that same 
book experimented on us. 

I've inquired into why these 
teachers are being dismissed . The 
answer often times given me has 
been "they don ' t agree with 
department policies ." I don·t know 
what department policies are to 
them, but to me: knowledge of a 

, subject, ability to get it across and 
overall caring is enougtJ! When 
private research Cor personal gain 
becomes Coremost in a depart · 
ment's policy, I think it's time to 
change. 

CELIA KAMPS 

Th.e T~ito~ Times Is pUbll;hed by UCSD students as an oHicial student newspaper. 
Publication I S .O~ Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school year ' 
(except on offiCial holidays) . Editorial and business offices are located In the Student 
Center at the University ot Calilornia, San Diego. For editorial , call 452-3466· tor ' 
business and display advertising, call 452-3468. ' 

Letters to the editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissioinsshouid be 
typed and double-spaced on a 69-space line. They should not exceed HI pages in 
length. 

Submitted material must bear the name and sludent Identification number of the 
author. Names can bewlthheldfrom publication on request: however, the names will be 
held on IIle for pub41c inspection . 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions becauseofspace limitation. 
or style requirements. 

Entire contents copyright 1978 the Triton Times. 

Editor: 
Bunshit to you, Don Strebel. 
Who are you to condemn or 

condone abortion? Who are you to 
call adults "animals ", w~o "cannot 
control their sex drives? ' 

There are many reasons why 
abortion is considered as an 
alternative to pregnancy : HEALTH 
-Physical I Mental-oCten .pregnancy 
poses a health hazard to women. Is 
a 16 year old girl capable and 
responsible enough to have and 
raise a child? MARITAL STATUS · 
Do you have anv idea the number of 
illegitimate births in the US? 
Almost half of the births in 
Washington D.C. are illegitimate. 
This number is rising in many cities 
because poverty-striken girls are 
seeking pregnancy as the door to 
welfare payments. ECONOMIC • 
children are .an economic burden, 
especially for most newly marriec'. 
and single persons today. CAREEn 
- Unwanted or unplanned preg· 
nancies can shatter productive, 
successful careers Cor many young 
women. There are many married , 
as well as single women attending 
UCSD who have worked hard 
towards a degree. These women 
have a hell of a lot more to offer 
society than a child . They're bright 
and enthusiastic , anxiously 
aw=.,ting the chance to utilize the 
knou·!edge they've acquired here . 

Not a ll women who " can't control 
their sex drives '· become pregnant. 
Most sexually active women 
practice some method of birth 
control. Choosing thi s method isn 't 
as easy as it once was . With 
repeated health warnings and real 
phsylOlogical dangers in taking the 
birth control pill, many women are 
resorting to other methods , wh ich 
unfortunately aren't as effective. 
The decision oC what birth control 
method to use is a difficult one 
almost always reserved for the 
woman to make. 

Finally, face it Mr. Strebel , the 

tri10ntimes 
Volum. 33, Number 29 UCSuDleao 

I Alan Russell Editor 
Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor 

Laura Ricill&r 
Ne .. Editor 

Reed Alpert 
.. oelttt PM .. Editor 

Andy Schneider 
AuocIate PM .. Editor 

Tim Mackenzie 
ArtaEditor 

Ran Anbar 
Managing Editor 
Cindy Heffron 

Aliletant Mtnaglng Ecltor 
Kitty Rob inson 

Copy Editor 
Richard Yocom 

Photo Editor 

Sieve Gould 
Sporta Edttor 

Shauna Stokes 
AMt1ttina ......, 

Staff Wrtte,. 
Mike Allen 
Jill Bazeley 
Joaquin Behindu 
Ken 8eaumonde 
Ted Burke 
Marc Garren 
Bob Halsted 
John Hondros 
Karen Hunter 
Eric Jaye 
Kathy McCartney 
Debbie Schwartz 
Mikel Toombs 
Lynn Zelechowaki 

IIwtrllton 
Jody Eurman 
Charles O'Sullivan 
Stephen Skublnna 

FrIdaI~, March 17 

Photograph.,. 
Frank Guzza 
Sian Honda 

Production 
Denise Peek 
Judy Walton 
Paul Watry 

Ad s.Iea Rep 
Harry Tolen 

Office Manager 
Lynn Staffa 

Dlalrtbuton 
Tim Kama 
Michael Russo 

Trllon Tlmw .ublcrlbel 
10 Pacific Newt Service 

UCSD campus isn't the only place 
in town where women can obtain 
low cost or free abortions. There 
are many clinics in San Diego 
which provide the service, most of 
which are subsidized by tax dollars 
(yours, Strebel, if you pay) . 

Be reasonable and let this 
decision of abortion rest with the 
woman, for it is her body and mind. 
I stand by, "Let each become all 
that she is capable of becoming." 

L YNE REID-KISS 

Jumping on 
'The Balcony' 
Editor: 

Jill Bazeley's critique of the 
UCSD production of "The Balcony" 
is impossible to take seriously. She 
said in reCerence to the genetaliza-
tion of the play, "I did at least have 
something to think about when I got 
bored with Genet ." Clearlv. if 
UCSD theater had made a good 
decision in their choice of a play no 
one would be bored . No one would 
ha ve to condescend to gross , 
tasteless sexual fantasy to keep 
Crom Calling asleep with boredom. 
. When a drama department 
purposely chooses a play that is 
sexually offensive and degrading 
just to capture their audiences · 
attention, I think that it's time Cor a 
serious evaluation of the quality of 

' that department. 
DANA DUNWOODY 

Comment on 
commentary 
Editor: 

I would like to comment upon the 
commentary in Wednesday 's 
Triton Times by Chris Gray 
concerning UC investments in 
large companies that do business in 
South Africa. 

These companies couldn't care 
less whether or not the University 
oC California owns some of their 
stock . If the university sells their 
holdings, then these companies will 
just mail some of their dividend 
checks to different addresses. 

CHARLES PHELPS 

More on 1M 

individuals. That's what mouvatea 
me to write this -I care about you, 
as I care about all people. I love 
them and you . Sodon·t kill yourself. 
I mean, I know I can't do anything 
other than what I'm doing until you 
respond, but please . Life can be 
interestinJl: , I promise vou . If I've 
lied, then you can kill yourself. II 
that's the case, maybe I'll go with 
you. See? I have an open mind. I'm 
not being an obnoxious idealist. I'm 
just bein obnoxious . I love you . Call 
me - or write, or send a telegram. 
My address and phone number are 
on file at the newspaper office. I'm 
even signing my name. 

BETH RAPS 

People/talk: 
good formula 
Dear "Thad Jones": 

I am very concerned for you. Not 
because you have found life to have 
no meaning. (everyone feels like 
that from time to time), but 
because you ' re unwilling to give life 
more of a chance. 

You·re still young, Thad . UC San 
Diego is only a very small part of 
your whole life . If you a dmit to 
yourself even the smallest shadow 
of hope for fulfillment in your future 
(and you must or you wouldn't have 
bothered to write your letter in the 
first place) , isn 't it worth it to wait? 
Think of the wonderful feeling you 
would have if you had Einstein 's 
one idea! 

Before you do anything as final as 
killing yourself, try some of the 
other alternatives. People and talk 
are a wonderful formula . And 
there are so many people on 
campus who would like to help you. 
I would. 

Your Friend, 
MIKE STROUD 

455-51'71 

Will the real 'Name 
Withheld' please stand 

Editor: 
The a ttempt to dis('redit Lee Johnson and the Intramural Program by a 

writer who refu ed to disclose hislher identity was dislustina (TT. 3/8/78) . 
If one is going to make allegations of .uch proportions one should have 

the courage to sign his/her name to the charges and stand by them with 
documented proof, not just empty rhetoric . The writer sounds like a rather 
gutless individual to me. 

Everyone who is associated with UCSD and the Intramural Program 
should realize bow lucky they are. UCSD has,.in my opinion one of the 
finest 1M pro,rams in the country. A lot of the credit for buildllllsuch an 
outstanding program belongs to Lee Johnson. 

I have known Lee John on lor five years - fint as an intramural 
participant, then as a sports writer and Sports Editor of the Triton Times, 
and finally 8S an employee of the Physical Education Department. I have 
nothing but re pect for Lee Johnson and the job he has done. 

KIRK ROBINSON 

F'rIdey. March 17, 187. triton tines 

Another letter Janice's 
Mechanization letters miss facts Hair Garden Special 

Men's Haircuts -Only $8 Editor: Two interesting articles ap-peared recently in the Triton Time 
which were critical of my views on 
the Carm labor mechanization 
issue . The main feature of these 
letters was that they substituted 
emotional rhetoric for a rational 
examination oC the Cacts . Both 
letters rail against imaginary 
monopolies and advocate govern· 
control of the distribution of wealth 
as opposed to voluntary coopera· 
tion under the market system. 

The authors of these letters, Vicki 
Liffreing, Kerry Murrary , a nd Mr. 
Name Withheld by Reque st , 
blandly assert that there are 
agribusiness monopolies operating 
in the state of Ca liforni a . The 
thought that there are several 
thousa nd farmer s in the state 
probably never entered their 
minds. A quick trip to the local 
Safeway would provide evidence 
that growers from Arizona , Texas, 
Florida and Mexico are also 
engaged in the produce market. It 
is apparent that these people are in 
need of a sca pegoat. 

What is even more interesting is 
that this gr o up of armchair 
economists has Ignored the role of 
government in preventing competi-
tion . Both federal and state 
Departments of Agriculture work 
to keep farm prices high to protect 
the small farmer. The Feds pay 
direct subsidies out of tax dollars to 
sma ll farmers for not growing 
certain crops. thereby creating an 
artificial scarcity and keeping 
prices up. A large grower who 
charges lower prices ca n be 
prosecuted under the antitrust laws 
for " unfair " competition if he 
should drive those less effiCient 
operators out of business . Union 
pressure tactics and current pro-
labor legislation prevent growers 
from hiring workers who would 
voluntarily work for less . What is 
most relevant in these facts is that 
in every one of these examples , the 
interests of the va t majority of 
consumers a re completely ignored . 
Any major grower who could 
increase his s hare of the market by 
significantly lowering his prices 
could make a fortune . This most 
ba ic market mechanism i fought 
temlCiously every step of the way 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
·LOW COST 
·CONFIDENTIAl 

·STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

·FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

- by the government and the 
press ure groups of the small 
farmers and the farm labo r unions . 
These policies which work against 
the interests of the vast majority 
are deemed not enough by our 
leftwing friends; what is needed in 
their opinion is more government 
intervention. lamrt'J Saluns ' 

all ha ir services 
with Student I D 

and thisad 

Despite the vehement attacks 
and emotional appeals to jealousy 
which are leveled against the free 
market system, the coun tries 
which have substituted for it a 
··dictatorship of the proletariat"' , 
have had difficulti s living up to 

thei r promi ses. Th e utopIan 
dreams of communistic economic 
systems have turned to nightmares 
in such places as the USSR and 
China. As soon as a few men , who 
claim to represent the interes ts of 
" the People" gain the power to 
determine who gets what from an 
economic system, all remnants of 
freedom are gone. This economic 
freedom is the driving force which 
has created a standard of living in 
the West which is not dreamed of in 
the " progressive" countries of the 
communi t bloc . 

110 E. Wash,flllIOfl , /fliler .. , 
)97·8J80 

TROY CARTER 

NEW ENGlAND DIVERS 
ANNUAL RENTAL SALE 
3860 Rosecrans St. 
Saturday, March 25 8am-6pm 

JamU'J Hair GQ,d~n 
11JD PrO$",CI 

"IrK.llor Plo;o. La Jolla 
4J4-JO;7 

Mu"· Frt. 9·8 Sol. 9·J 10-4 

80 cu. ft. Aluminum Tanks 

50 cu. ft. Aluminum Tanks 
with S.c-Pac .nd Tank 800, 
pI ... FREE AIR FOR t YEAR 

AU men ' •• nd women " llzes. 
~. nvlon 2 aNte jac'-elM and 

hl.h ...... t panlJ 

S70?O 
(So"" .uJt. cannot: be .plll) 

with Rae . Pac and tank Boot 
plu. FREE AIR FOR I YEAR 

SWIMASTER 
MR-12 (( 
REGULATOR 

u.S. Divers 
AQUARIUS REGULATOR 

Includes l. P Swive.l Port for 
Keel.onu 

PRESSURE GAUGES 
SPORTSWAYS Model 1408 
Trtple chro-e p ••• ad br •• hou.lng 

S39?5 
WHITE STAG Model 51158 
S24?5 

ROCKET FINS! 
s12~ FARA-FIN I 

S39?5 
one p.'r only 

S PORTS WAYS 
OctopUS 2nd Stage 
s32?O 

49?5 

SEAQUEST Bep 
Back mounted bUO)i.nq.1 compensator 

Indudu 'lIUlomati InO.tort 

WHITE STAG B.C. V 
549?5 

SPORTSWAYS 
W600 

REGULATOR 
Top of the lint balanCtd pilton 

Is • • tage 

Aloeorted ml k . a nd nork,,1 11.0 available ., co .. Nor,,: All equipment ha. been Iol>pecred 
and •• In good .,orUn9 condlUon Manufac. urif'l'5 " gua'.nr~t': are nof tn f lferl All sales final 
No lay ••• VS M •• ercharge and V ..... ccept~ 

Reg. 510 



We've 
Movedll 

La Jolla 
Beauty Supply 

is now located 
at 

7600 Fay". 
Suit. F 

(at the comer of Fay and Kline) 

Mon-Sat. 9:00-5:00 
459-0556 

One of the 
wo~ld's g~eat 
uruversltles 

Advisor ••• 
(C_bled fnID pa&e 1) 
academic advQon for Revelle 
cOllete aDd tbe AMES advlaon 
was that the coune catalope II 
the "bible" for both the student 
and the advisor in selectiq a 
program. Wbile cbangel in 
d~partment requirements are 
not retroactive, tbosesegmenta 

are reUed on for dlleuuioa of 
advt.mc probIe ..... 

Wlille the AMES advUors say 
that there Is uWe communica-
tion between tbe Revelle 
undergraduate advisors and 
their department, Revelle 
advisors say tbat AMES 
personnel has been very helpful 
in answering their questions on 
requirements. 

,... ... "., ... 

All tbo .. advice-,ivers, 
advilOl'l and .melena allke, 
a,ree, however, that the final 
responsibility liel with be who 
receives the advice. 

Steve Powell, good luck. 

Book contest 
of the major pro,ram wbicb Hazel Alksnis, Assistant 
have not yet been completed by Provost at Revelle, says that The fourth annual " UCSD 
the student are still subject to AMES majors especially have Undergraduate Book Collec-
some ofthe changes, according a rigorous program to follow, tion Contest" is now open to 
to Gibson. and the student must make aspiring bibliophiles . 

Gibson said thafthere was a clear the particular AMES 
recent department meeting orientation that he or she wants All UCSD undergraduates 
during which the AMES faculty to follow. Often, she says, the are invited to enter, excepting 
discussed the problem of difficulty in advising students previous contest winners. 
making sure that the under- rests in the semantics of the En t r i e s (a co \I e c t ion 0 f 
g r ad u ate s are pro per I y communication. approximately 25 books) can 
advised. Several possibilities center on a particular subject, 
were discussed, said Gibson, be on a collection focusing on a Coordinator of Academic . I th f including an indentification of sIng e au or or group 0 

Advising for Revelle Nancy authors or be a collection of each maJ' or course with a , Groves said that the counselors k b . t b k chosenfacultymember, sothat wor s y a prln er , 00 
Professor could be sure that the attempt to explain wby certain designer, binder or illustrator. d requirements are imposed on 
appropriate textbook an undergradu81es, nol just that Questions pertaining as to 
syllabus are being employed to they are. She said also that a lot how one may enter the contest 
maintain a continuity. of " preventive measures" are can be answered by inquiring at 

In addition , a more lengthy taken for the students who have the Cluster Undergraduate 
syllabus may be purchased by problems with their programs, Library Reference Desk. 
the AMES department, as a such as the re-working of 
numberofotherUCSDdepart- waiting lists. Past pains incurred in 
ments have begun todo. building a library might be 

In spite of these proposed Nearly everyone at UCSD 
improvements, Olfe said that will give you advice if you ask assauged by the prizes: first 
the advisors " rarely" meet, them for it, and sometimes place gaining $175, second $125 
and that depart . .::m:.:.:e:.::n:.::t-=m.:::ee.:..::.t:.:.in:.::g::::s~e:..:v:...::e:.::n:..:i:.:.:f!!.y.:.ou:.:.:d.::.o.:.n:.::.'..;:.t .::a.:.sk:.::.th~e.:.m~fo_r_it_. __ a_n_d_t_h_ird_ p:..l_a_ce_ $_75_. ___ _ 

Stadler .•. 
(Continued from pale l=, 
giving directions to the hapless fools trying to find their way around this 
labyrinth . It takes a certain amount of skill to direct someone from the Revelle 
parking lot to the Biomed Library. It takes more skill to keep from cracking up 
when somebody approaches you on Friday night and asks where Montezuma Hall 
is located. 

HELLO, MY NAME IS JIMMY CARTER, AND I'M RUNNING ... : Forsome 
time now, the big talk in the AS offices has been of who will run for president. 
There are a lot of ambitious people in the AS, who want to be president for a lotof 
Idifferent reasons - a little power, prestige, law school transcript among them. 

The names most often bandied about recently are Muir Representative Gary 
Moser: Vice-president Mark Sindler, Registration Fee Intern Coordinator Ann 
Carberry, Student Welfare Commissioner Barry Hyman, Appointments and 
Evaluations Commissioner Jim Lofgren and Triton Times Associate News 
Editor Andy Schneider. The only sure bet,out of that group is that Schneider, a 
presidential candidate last year, won 't run. 

is just next door- Aside from that, there is a lot of manuevering going on. Sure would be a shame if a ll the action goes down the drain, if someone from outside the AS - like a non-Washingtonian from Georgia in 1976 - wins the election. 
and the 
door 
• lsopen. 

Thi June, you can go to 
o ne of the world's top 
univer itie <lnd take 
courses in ~uch fields a 
history, literature , lan-
guages, sciences, mathe-
matics, techno logy, the 
social sciences, and 
education. 

Send for ytlu r copy of 
our 1978 ummer Session 
Bulletin and an applica-
tion for admi sion by 
mai ling the coupon 
be 1",,, .\ , ." . 

I 
--~N~A~~~t~----------------------------------------1 

"PPRt"S ( ITY .,-r"'TE liP 20 I 

lune26-A~tI9 I 
StanfOrd Summer SeSSion 

"',lnt"r,IIJnlwr\"y, SIan(urJ . Cdlr(nm.3 94J05 (41 5) 497· 3109 

, 

CHECK YOUR LOCAL NEWSPAPER FOR THEATRE LISTING 

....... n.'''' ... -
Renaldo & Clara; 'Bob Dylan is "reduced from man to legend" 

by Mike Thomas 
In INS Bob Dylan told an interviewer 

that he would someday have a circus. 
Allen Ginsberg promptly offered his 
services and Dylan assured the poet 
that they'd be included. That promise 
was kept when ten years later Dylan 
launched the celebrated circus 
caravan, the Rolling Thunder Revue. It 
was populated by such 60s cohorts as 
Joan Baez, Roger McGuinn, Jack Elliot 
and Ginsberg and the film of that tour, 
Renaldo & Clara opened Wednesday at 
the College Theatre for a limited run . 

lt is continually referring back to that 
time when there was music in the cafes 
at night and revolution was in the air, 
via David Blue 's continuing monologue 
over a game of pinball about the early 
folky days in New York City. Yet it is no 
mere trip down memory lane or typical 
concert movie; this film is a portrait of 
the artist as he is confronted by his own 
myth and legend. 

The naked alienation of the self that 
Dylan has referred to is obvious . 
Throughout the film he is trapped by his 
own public persona, overwhelmed to 
the point where he can communicate 
truthfuUy with no one - not Baez, his 
lover , Sara , his wife or Renaldo , 
himself. The masque of Renaldo that 

Dylan wears throughout is used as a 
refusal ofthe artist's legend; hedoesn't 
want to be Bob Dylan anymore but he 
knows he is trapped by his own creation , 
his own mind games and that he'll b-
carrying that weight a long time. 

Like a film with liimilar strategies , 
Neil Young's Journey Thru the Past, 
Renaldo & Clara is a catalogue of the 
artists' thematic obsessions and an 
understanding of Dylan's ouevre is 
essential to the film . This is a visual 
Blood on the Tracks; instead of a new 
album he has released a movie that's a 
kaleidoscopic circus of whores and 
virgins, of drunks and tramps, of ghosts 
and madonnas, of life on the road and 
the life of a restless soul in conflict with 
itself. The film yields little easily and 
you'll only get out of it what you bring to 
it. (I brought a bottle of Wild Turkey, six 
joints and 3 tabs of window pane so I got 
a lot out of it.) 

Reduced from a man to a legend and a 
product this is a troubled troubador. 
Dylan as usual is his own best guide. 

On the liner notes ·to John Wesley 
Harding there is this fable : There were 
three kings and a jolly three too . The 
first one had a broken nose, the second a 
broken arm a nd the third was broke. 
" Faith is the key! .. said the first king . 

" No, froth is the key, " said the second. 
"You' re both wrong said the third, "the 
key is Frank." It was late in the evening 
and Frank was sweeping up, preparing 
to eat and dishing himself out when 
there came a knock on the door. " Who is 
it?" he mused . " It's us Frank," said the 
three kings in unison, "and we'd like to 
have a word with you! .. Frank opened 
the door and the three kings crawled in . 
" What seems to be the problem ?" 
Frank turned back to the three kings 
who were astonished . The first king 
cleared his throat. His shoes were too 
big and his crown was wet and lopsided 
but nevertheless, he began to speak in 
the most meaningful way, "Frank," he 
began , " Mr. Dylan has come out with a 
new record . Thi s record of course 
features none but his own songs and we 
unders tand that you're the key ." 
" That's right," said Frank, " I am." 
" Well then ,' said the king in a bit of 
excitement, "could you please open it 
up for us ?" " And just how far would you 
like to go in ?" he asked, and the three 
kings a ll looked at each other. " Not too 
far but just far enough so's we can say 
we 've been there." 

For some people this movie may be a 
journey too fa r into Dylan's psyche, just 
a little too real, which might expla in the 

Ballot info 

avalanche of critical pans it has 
received . A~ four hours it is a daring 
challenge that Mr. Zimmerman offers 
the audience; quite rightly Dylan has 
said that American audiences are 
spoiled. " They want their art to be like 
wallpaper and just hang there ." Just as 
he did in destroying the popular m~th 
that a popular song could not be over 
three minutes long, here he assails the 
popular contention that a film cannot be 
over two hours . Like Warhol a nd 
Rivette , Dylan explores a larger canvas 
so he can paint his masterpiece. 

As is the case in the Blonde on Blonde 
album, Renaldo & Clara deals with 
duality, of mirror images, of masques; 
Dylan is Renaldo, his wife Sara is Clara , 
and Joan Baez is the woman from 
Renaldo/ Dylan's past in a menage a 
trois that comes pai nfull y c lose to 
public speculation on the colJapse of 
Dylan's marriage. Not since Nicholas 
Roeg's Performance has there been 
such a mindfucker of a movie, this is a 
film in which the masks are the true 
element, more honest than any reality 
of 24 frames a second. Like an amateur 
in sea rch of a character, Dyla n is 
constantly searching, alienated from 
himself but ultimately, in tune with his 
muse. 

Walk on Down!! 
NEW WORLD RECORD CO. On the right, we have reprinted Wedneday's ballot for the first 

annual Triton Times Academy 
Award Contest. After you fill it out 
- picking the film or person you 
think should win , not who you think 
will win - bring it by our office. 

TT Oscar contest 

A=.., 
~UJJ 

3211 Holiday Court 
La Jolla Phone: 455-5580 

at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 
entry-street to La Jolla Village In 

Top 10 Hits 
On Sale!! 

Only $4.87 each 
Mfrs. $798 list 

$7.87 for Mfrs. $12.98 list 
Hits by the Bee Gees, Benson, 

Billy Joel and More! 
All our Classical Records On Sale!! 

$4.87 each 
Mfrs. $7.98 list 

$5.87 for Mfrs . . $8.98 list 
Offer expires March 31, 1978 

Store Hours - Open 7 Oays 
Mon-Fri : 10 to 9:30 pm Sat: 10 to 7 P!Tl Sun: 11 to 5 pm 

B'e sure to put your name 
somewhere on the ballot, because 
we 're going to pick fiv e ballots at 
random to win some prizes. The 
prizes will include the soundtrack 
albu ms from Star Wars , Close 
Encounters of the Third Kind and 
American Hot Wax, as well as some 
other albums. 

After that, we will compile the 
results and prin t them, along with 
names of the prize winners on 
April 3 so you can compare UCSO's 
Oscar cho ices with the actual 
results. 

AS ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
part of the AS Council that the 
Forum would become involved 
in the spring elections. Bekken 
says these claims are ground-
less . 

Bekken has sent a memo to 
Vice-c ha ncel lor of Student 
Affairs Howard Hunt a king 
him to exercis his right to ailer 

Besl plelure 
Annie Hall 
The Goodbye Grrl 
Julia 
Star Wars 
The Turning POint 
Be.t actor 
Woody Allen (Annie Hall) 
Richard Burton (Equus) 
Richard Dreyfuss (The Goodbye Girl) _______ _ 
Marcello MastrOianni (A Special Day) 
John Travolta (Saturday Night Fever) 
Best act,.ss 
Anne Bancroft (The Turning Point) 
Jane Fonda (Julia) 
Diane Keaton (Annie Hall) 
Shirley MacLaine (The Turning POint) 
Marsha Mason (The Goodbye Girl) 
Best supporting aelor 
Mikhail Baryshn ikov (The Turning Point) 
Peter Firth (Equus) 
Alec Guinness IStar Wars) 
Jason Robards (Julia) 
Maximillian Schell (Julia) 
Best supporting actr ... 
Leslie Browne (The Turning Point) 
Quinn Cummings (The Goodbye Grrl) 
Melinda Dillon (Close Encounters) 
Vanessa Redgrave (Julia) 
Tuesday Weld (Looki ng for Mr. GOOdbar) 
Best director 
Woody Allen (Annie Hall) 
George Lucas (Star Wars) 

for the Forul11 . 

Herbert Ross (The Turning Point) 
Steven Spielberg (Close Encounters) 
Fred linnemann (Julia) ff!~:::::::::::::::::~:::~~AS budgets to include funding ~~~~ KfJftllnd p.,q ProdUct-ons Inc Bnng You 

Plus Special Guest 

SEAWIND 
Fridav, March 31,8 PM 
C~jfornia Theatre, San Diego 

F_ one! C S.INt. 0 ... __ CIwIc ThNIer 

Tick"&! .. 50 n .50 

Tlckels Available al: 
Calilornia Thealre Box Office: 233-9373 and 

all Tickelron outtels: 565-9947 
in ueociallon wilh Moonllghl Production. 

fRIDAY nilE 
fl~(KI 

....................... ,... .. T ... ,.n ..... r" 

AllO playing - "The Twelve Chairs" 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Tonight! 8:30 and 9:50 pm (12 Chairs IIrsl) 
Central Box Office, 452-4559 

Unh, •• it EMllt. Ollie. 

PHOTO 
SUPPLIES 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 
UCSD~ 

Numbers Ace ...... 



Over 1000 dart enthusiasts are expected to gather at Balboa Park 
this weekend for the Greater San Diego Dart ing Association's 51. 
Pa trick's Day Dart Competition. 

The event, which is scheduled to beg in at 7:30 tonight in the park's 
Conference Building, should draw some of the world's finest dart 
shooters for a share 01 the $18,000 pr ize money. 

Anyone may enter the competition, wh ich is freeol char!je, at any 
time up unt il the t imeofthe particular event. More information is 
available at 298·3718. 

Easter is March 26th 
Order Your Happy-Nest Bouquet Now! 

10% Discount With Valid Student 10 
on Non-FTO Orders 

Two Locations to Serve You: 

Ilerrasa ll ld nori~ts 
,10601-D Tierrasanta Blvd . 

an Diego 
292- 1745 

La Jolla Uni ve rsi ty Florists 
ni ve rsity Towne entre 

Suite D-2 
(across from ears Garden Shop) 

453-5022 . 

Major Credit ards Accepted 

triton times 

r ns rop o· ... 'Heart Failure Kids' 
more close games... now 0-10 on season 

by MarkS&adler . Tomorrow the Tritons visit Dave Youngdale singled, 
Some sports terms are nick- Westmont College for a double- shortstop Rob Gramme reached 

named the f:ardia. Kids because header, then take two weeks off first on an error and leftCielder 
they are always involved in close before playing four home games Bob Vaage knocked home both 
contests which they manage to against Spring Arbor Michigan, runs with a single. 
pull out only at the last minute, on March 30 and31, and a twin bill After the fourth inning the 
thus giving their fans the risk of against Point Lorna on April 1. All Triton hitters were almost 
heart seizure. four games are set to start at completely handcuffed by 

The UCSD varsity baseball noon. Occidental pitchers who retired 
team, on the other hand, might be Yesterday, the Tritons were 15 of the last 16 hitters. 
nicknamed the Heart Failure scheduled to play Wyoming Vaage was also an instrumen-
Kids, because they inevitably are University . As of press time, the tal part of the Triton rally against 
in tight games ... which they lose. score of the game was not USD. After the Toreros took a 

The Tritons dropped their ninth available. three-run lead , Vaage started off 
and tenth straight games of the Senior righthander Vince the fourth inning with a walk . 
season over the past week, losing Askey was tagged with the After he stole second. Gramme 
to Occidental 3-2 and to the heartbreaking loss agaiJJst drove him home with a single and 
University of San Diego 4-2. Occidental, when he allowed only advanced to second on the throw 

the way to second on a throwing 
error by the Torero pitcher. 

At this point, Triton coach Lyle 
Olsen was faced with a decision: 
should he try to get the tying run 
home on a squeeze bunt? 

With the heart of his lineup 
coming up to bat, Olsen decided 
against the bunt. 

The cleanup hitter , Peter 
Wilcox, popped the first pitch up 
to the catcher. Gramme flied out 
to shallow center. McGovern , 
who went three-tor-three on the 
day, was hit by a pitch. Third-
baseman Carl Levander popped 
out to first . At least the team is finding two hits , but also the winning run , home. After designated hilter Pat 

different ways to lose. Ag~inst ; which was unearned . Hard- McGovern singled , Gra mm e Lefthander Craig Jahries .. 
Occidental last Friday , the throwing sophomore Tom scored on an error. picked up the loss for the Tritons , 
Tritons jumped off to a quick two- Schwartz also pitched well (or the The score was still 3-2 in USD's giving up two runs on as many 
run lead, only to lose on a tie- Tritons, as he surrendered (our UCSD's .;ghth ...... r ToiIrh\lval'ltz a fast- favor in the eighth, when UCSD hits in the game ' s first two 
breaking run in the eighth inning. hits and two runs - one earned- bilil "st week· against College. Schwartz, a had its best opportunity to innings. Jahries was followed by 
Against USD , UCSD dropped in the game's first five innings . sophomore in his on the team, started capture its first win oftheseason. Schwartz, Steve Robertson and 
behind 3-0 after three innings, UCSD's early lead against agaiD.t Occidental and up five hits aDd two I'IIns, Dave Youngdale ledofftheinnin~ Askey, who limited USD to one 

,.,.7 

I This week · in sports 
Even though next week is final examinations, intercollegiate 

sports continues. Here is what's going on in intercollegiates next 
week at UCSD: 
Sat Mar 25 

Sat Apr 1 

Men'. Volleyball at UC Irvine 
Men'. Tenn. vs Unlv. Nevada LV 
Women'. Rugby vs UCSB, I, II 
Men'. Rugby vs UCSB 

Hockey ... 
(Continued from page 6) 

7:30 pm 
gam 

12 pm 
11 am 

quarter. In Wednesday afternoon 's emi-final Men 's AAA action , 
Kilmanj a ro International eliminated Manchester United 2-0 as 
Seme imelane booted two goals past the Manchester goalie. 

The top seeded and previously undefeated Mighty Motlie were 
caught looking pa t their first round opponent Blu Meanie la t 
Saturday a they were upset 3-2 . The Meanies, who entered the 

playoff~ without winni ng one game (they tied twice) , are suddenly 
bringing past memories of the 1969 Miracle Mets. 

Semi-finals in all division are cheduled this weekend (except 
fo r the Men's AAA which has already been played) . 

AROUND THE WORLD 
IN MANY WA YS/ 

then fell just short in a comeback Occidental came in the first one of which WM fi\le inDiag. of work. The with a line single to riJ!ht neld and run on five hits in the last six 
l~e~f~w~rt~' .. ~ ...... u.""eM .. ~in~n~~~w~h~e~n.:se~c~o~n~d~b:a~se;m~a!n~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~3~-~2~,~~~~~~~~~ili~en~w~e~nt~to~t~hl~' r~d~a~s~V~a~a~ge~go~t~a~lI~~i=n~n~in~~~s~. ~~~~~~~~~~ , ~!!!! II!!! Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 

travel directory ever published, Over 5000 
charters listed, escorted tours, air/ sea 
cruises, mini vacations, 

Green Bags face What the Puck 
in Men's AA championship game 

Title games in intramural Men's AA and A 
division floor hockey and Hawaiian football will be 
contested today and this weekend to determine the 
respective championships in those sports . 

The Little Green Bags battle What the Puck 
tomorrow morning .at 11 : 30 am in the Recreation 
Gymnasium (or the AA floor hockey championships. 
The Bags, captained by UCSD intercollegiate 
waterpolo player Dan Crane and led by leading 
scorer Mike Schein of UCSD intercollegiate soccer 
fame, made their way into the finals by defeating 
Grover's Corners Wednesday night 3-2 in overtime 
as Bill Dwyer fired in a goal from the right side past 
four GC defenders 1: 32 into the extra period. 

Behind two goals by Joel Glover, What the Puck 
tripped the Shades in the other semi-final game. 
Puck is captained by Ron Beick and sports Glover as 
their top scorer. The Bags boast one of the top 
goalies around in Stan "Click and Shutter" Honda . 
Earlier in the season, What the Puck knocked of{ the 
Bags 4-l. 

Men's A title 
In the Men's A division floor hockey game, the 

Stick Handlers (6-0-I) face the Zingers (6-6-1) at 
10: 00 am in the Rec GY'm on Saturday. The Stick 
Handlers and the Zingers both breezed through 
regular season and playoff action, with the Handlers 
outscoring their opponents 38-4 and the Zingers 
pasting their opposition 30-2. 

The Stick Handlers are led by top scorer 
)Iander and captained by Kim Duclo 
lingers are led by captain and top scorer 
Elliot. When the two teams met earlier this 
the game ended in a 1-1 tie. According to IM 
director Mike "I am" Hipp, it won't happen 
this Saturday. 

For ticket information, contact the 1M office 
452-4037. There is no local television broadcast 
either game. 

Hula Bowl 
The much heralded and prestigious Hula 

game to ' determine the champion of flaWi:lJI. 
football will be held this afternoon at 3: 30 pm 
Muir Field. The two finalists representi 
popular Pol.vnesian sporting event are the 
cinderella winners of the pre- bowl 
Kona Koasters upset previously uncle(~~atE~d 
moralistic No Nukes 13-12 while the Zoidoides 
Kirby 's Bacon·24-12 . The Koasters will 
avenge a previous early season defeat in which 
Zolidoides koasted to an easy 31-4 win. Free 
(check the spelling, unlucky freshman guys) will 
given out to ~11 attending the game. 

Games postponed 
Due to rain and soggy field conditi 

championship games in Men's AAA and Coed 
soccer will be contested the first week of 

(Please tum to page 7) 

Holy Week at UCSD 

LUTHERAN WORSHIP SERVICES 
(The Rev. John G. Huber) 

Palm Sunday . March 19. 10:00 am at the Church 
Maundy Thursday . March 23, 6:30 pm 

Passover Meal with Communion at International Center. 
R.S.V.P. by Monday. March 20. (453-{)561 or 459-8855) 

Good Friday Tenebrae . March 24. 7:30 pm 
EASTER SUNDA V FESTIVAL. March 26. 10:00 am 

CATHOLIC SERVICES 
Palm Sunday. Mass at 9:30 am - Mandeville Courtya~d and 5:00 pm 

at the Church. (No at. 5 pm mass or Sunday 8:30 & 10:30 mas) 
Holy Thursday. Seder Supper at 6:30 pm. Std . C!r .. Bldg. C 
Good Friday . Worship Service & Soup supper, 6:30 pm. 

International Center 
EASTER . Vigil at Church. Sat. night. 10:30 pm. Morningmass. 8:)0 

am ( 0 Sat . 5:00 pm mass. no unday 10:30 or 5:00 mas) 

EPISCOPAL HOLY WEEK SERVICE 
Palm Sunday . March 19. Holy Eucharist at 12:03 pm 

ECUMENICAL GOOD FRIDA Y SERVIC 
12-3 .. even La t Words" at Church. sponsored by the Office of 

Relig'iou Affairs 

FIRST CHINESE SOUTHERN BAPTIST 
CHURCH OF SAN DIEGO 

elebration or Pal>.~over . March 19. 10:45 at hurch 32 19 
lairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Good friday Service. Mar h 24. 7:30 pm <Il Church 
lASTER SlJNDAV. March 25. 6:30 am S unri ~c Service at F.I ('. mino M . 

1M B-ball playoffs continue. 
Playoff action continues this week and through 

next week in all six divisions of intramural 
basketball. Unfortunately, most semi-final games 
were played last night and results were not 
available at press time. The Triton Times will give 
a recap of all basketball playoff contests on 
Wednesday on the first week of next quarter. 

Here is a recap of playoff action as of yesterday 
afternoon: 

5'10" and Under 
Top seeded Intercourts (8-0) defeated Mexi-

Pack Wednesday night 54-31 to earn a berth in the 
semi-finals of 5' 10 " and Under play. The 
Intercourts played Smokin Still last evening at 8 
pm, with Smokin qualifying for the semi-finals by 
defeating Hole in the WallSl-29 . In the other semi-
final game last night, the Mindless Wonders, 
seeded third with a 7-1 record, battled Wild East. 
Mindless knocked off Popcorn 50-38 while East 
pasted M~B, which was second seeded, 67-51. 

Men's A 
Last night, the Petrified Trailburgers (8-0) and 

second seeded, played the Gophers (8-0) . 
Trailburgers made it to the semis by crushing the 
Bawlers 66-24 while the Gophers qualified by 
topping the Tchichaes 66-49. In the other semi-final 
game, Input-Output (9-0) squared off against 

Climax . Climax made it by edging Ogden 36-31 
while the Inputs fogged up Smokey Mountain 48-42. 

Men's AA 
Top seeded Whiff (8-0) matched up against Med 

(8-0) in one semifinal game last night and the 
Screaming Eagles (8-0) played the Rebels in the 
other semi event. Whiff previously sneaked by the 
Intercourts 41-38 and Med mastered Mirage 'S3-44. 
In the other bracket , the Eagles rushed by 
Hooterville 43-55 and the Rebles outhustled the 
Hustlers 36-20. 

Men's AAA 
Top billed Abrewang (7-0) faced the Abusers (5-

3) in one semi-final game last night while In Yo' 
Face , unseeded prior to the playoffs , played 
Mojave Green (5-2) in the other semi-final game. 
In last week's action, the Abusers edged Foggy 
Mountain Breakdown 55-48 while In Yo' Face 
squeaked by the Superlative Scorers 59-55. 

Coed 
Come Again? (7-1) faced Basket Cases (8-0) last 

night in one semi-final coed game while Suck 
Mucks (6-2) battled Up On Top Again in the other 
game. 

Women's 
Go For It (6-0) plays the winner of last night's 

Hotshoes/Court N' Svark contest Sunday night in . 
the Rec Gym at 7 pm. 

~~ ..................•.. ~ 

• • 
• • 
· ~. • • 
• • • • • Two Slices of • 
• Pepperoni Pizza • 
• and Salad • 
• • 
I = • Take a • 
• Break from • 
• • 

Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hOUTS, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

. .. Client Protection 
Vnited California Traveline, Inc. 

PAGE ONE FINALS 
BURNOUT CENTER 
ome by and see us for coffee, tea, food or just a 
lace to sit and talk . Open 24 hours. Located next 

o the 5 and Dime. 452-2167. 

8 •••••••••••••••••••• ~ ! PRE·EASTER SALE! i 
• Now At .. 
· .. 
· .. 
· .. 

= Studying! = 
• • 
• • 

... .. 

: BEST BUYS... : 
• Womens .. 

= I 
= We' don't' cat corners. = 
• • • • I La Jolla : 
• 912 Silverado • 
• 454-3131 , • 
= Also a\lailable at our other 7 locations = 

= Expires : 
• with this March 25, 1978 • 

· ~ . •...... ~~~ ...... . 

• Dittos Tops ............ , ............ 2 for $5911 or $399 ea . .. 
• Dittos Cords & Piper ........... .................... $999 .. 
... Dittos Pants (Asst. Styles) of Coral & Green ....... ,. $]99 

Sweaters ... , ................................ Only $399 .. 
• Dittos Shorts ........ , .......... , .............. , •. $599 .. 
• Spring Dresses & Jumpers ,.,., .. ,.", .... ,." $799-$1299 .. 
... Mens .. 
... Dittos Jeans (Asst. Styles) .... _ .... , ... , ........... $999 .. 
... Kennington Long Sleeve Shirts .................... $999 .. 
... Overalls .. .. ..... . .. . .......................... , .. $999 .. 

• Much More at 80% OFF .. ! lit "'7 UnIMBI,,'.. • =. 
• (nit. door to the Cinerama The.'ra, 

Phone 217-9180 .. 
• H,.: Mon-FrI: 10-9 Sat: 10-6 Sun' 12-5 .. 
.. ••••••••••••••••••••• 



..... . 
I 

~ DOW at Muir CoJle&e 
~halk Circle "worth the ,time" 
Iy M ..... Leaalnl S&aff Writer author." particularly conducive to tbe TH aueasiaD Chalk Cirele, 

Berteslti Brecht's fable concern-
ing proprietary rigbts, which is 
being presented through 
Saturday by the John Muir 
Theatre Ensemble at HSS 2250 
is among other things, an e~ercise in theatrical disci-
pline. The Ensemble Theatre, a 
European concept in which few 
props are used and the actors 
play various roles throughout, 
effectively removes spatial and 
temporal contexts from the 
action onstage, allowing, as 
director Eric Christmas said, 
"unhindered communication of 
the ideas which moved the 

Christmas has gone even telling of such a class-oriented 
farther removingtbePrologue ·. tale. With the exception of 
whicb places the fable in the Grusha, played wonderfully 
context of post-World War Two tbrougbout by Santa Dilavore, 
Georgia (Russia), and cutting the audience is asked to discern 
the fable down to its bare bones, the characters entirely from 
as it were. The action is fast, tbe histrionics of the actors. 
perbapsaJittletoofast; forone For their pa~t, the actors 
not familiar with the play, the present the vanous characters 
production's frantic pace remarkably well, bringing ~ut 
removes some of the impact of clearly the sense of SOCIal 
Brecht's ironic humor. The class and the extrinsic distinc-
precision with which the play is tions it imposes upon uniformly 
presented, while of course a ignorant characters. 
credit to the Ensemble, seems 
at times to detract from the 
more human aspects of 
Caucasian Chalk Circle. 

The Ensemble format is 

ilully·s 
PtimeRib 

Dininq 
At its Best 

459 ·"lla 
"2768 

Del Mar 
755·1660 

Mission Valll;!Y 
291 .. 2665 

ursday Night Feve 
Hits San Diego!! 

Jerry MacCormack and 
Harold Mack 

announce the opening of 
The Max's Disco Ballroom 

Dance Studio 
featuring group and private lessons 

at low student prices 
Classes begin Thursday, March 30 at 7 pm 
Get 8 weekly lessons for only $20. 

4990 Williams Ave. (at EI 
. 697·9743 

J. KRISHNAMUR II 
Philosopher, aUlhor and leacher will speak allhe Oak Grove, 
Meiners Oaks, in Ojai, California: 
T+LKS: 
saturday-Sunday 

rill . 2,8.9.15.16 

DISCUSSIONS: 
Tuesday-Thursday 
April 4,6,11,13 

A~J OOdonatlOn IS requested to cover 
ltje many expenses o t arranging the 
l iJIks ThiS may be given at the en 
tr'llnce or senlln advance to 

t Kflshnamurtl Foundation. 
Box 2 '6. Olal CA 93023 

TAUTHAND 
tn !/lese lalks and dialOgues 
Krrshnamur11 contronts a 
theme 'hal has engrossed 
phtlosophers through the 
centurres tM relationShip 
between truth . the actual 
Ity In whICh we live as per 
celved by the senses. and reality as 
II appears to our consciousness Begins 
With a mind stretching dialOgue With 
theoretICal phy IClst Oavld Bohm 
S6958. bOOkSlores 

The Singer's parts, which 
provide essential connections 
and explanations, are chanted 
by various members of the 
cast, individually and collec-
tively, and are exceptionally 
well-rehearsed . Two minor 
flaws that I noticed occured 
when two characters, the Monk 
and Azdak the Judge , fell into 
inappropriately urban charac-
terizations. 

Burn out at center 
Twenty -four hour-a-day (Conversation, coffee and 

relief from finals hassles will be backgammon at four in the 
This is not T.V.; itis " muscle a v aila ble at two ca mpus morning can ease any all-

and nesh", and the viewer is burnout centers next week . nighter.) 
asked to take an active role in Page One, located next to the EDNA and the Student 
understanding the ac tion Muir Five & Dime, will be Center will make available 
onstage and its implications. I servi ng co ffee , tea , hot coffee, tea , fruit and donuts in 
would suggest more than one chocolate and popcorn a ll day the Student Center Lounge at 
viewing.It'sonly99centsatthe and night through the week. all hours. The conference 
door, and the production is well People to talk to and games to rooms in the building will be 
worth the time and money distract you will be offered for open for studying when the 
spent. those who need to get away. libraries close . Open from 
• ~ •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• , •• Sunday night March 19 though : N d 'd :. Saturday night, March 25, the 
. Undergraduates ee e : loungewillbeanotherplaceto 

. • relax or study. 
. as Math Graders ~ 

($3.94/hour) '78 DATSUN B·210 
• 

~ 
TOPICONOMY 

PlUI GOOD LOOKS! 

Applicants must be registered students, have ~ 
an overall college GPA of 3.0 or better (and: 
have an established UC.SD GPA) , and have: 
good grades in Math 2A, B, C, D, or E or any: 
upper division Math courses. Applications are: 
available on the top floor of AP&M. Sele"cted : 

: graders will be contacted early in the quarter. : NOW'S ntI ... TO IUY A 
NIW DATSUN ••• LAIOIST 
IwnNTOIlY IV8l ~ .STUDENTS WHO HAVE GRADED l 

: BEFORE MUST APPLY AGAIN AT: 
~ THIS TIME. 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• t ••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ' 

.. 

NITTY GRITTY GREENERY 
"15, WALL STREE T 

LA JOLLA 
Ph. 454-8560 

SHAMROCKS 
$3.50 

While they last! 
Now Open 

7 days a week! 

If You Wear Makeup •••. 
or 

If You Don·l •••• 
LUSCIOUS CREAM BLUSHERS 

To Give You A Little Color 
in 
PLUM 
MOCHA 
BRONZE 
COGNAC 

ORANGE BRICK 
CORDOVAN 
TERRACOTfA 

Village Beauty Supply 
}37 ~ - 4!Sf.07U 

" 11 .. Vi. Pt ...... h lho Soup EKe'-
FrH P"k"" 

M Th. 1000-530 Fn 10007:00 Sol 1000&00 

SAN DIEGO 
DATSUN 

Itt ... ,...· ..... 
MIllION V~~T' 
-.................. 
........... ,..--

,.' .. -.. -.--.. -.. -.. ..... .. -.. -,.,.\_~ 
I ! 

'lCOMMUNITYt 
lBLOODB~ ; . 
• 983 India I ~ 327 F Str!!!!t 
i PAYS DONORS 
. i . for Service 1 
( Mon.· Fri . , 
, 233-5481 I 
l~.~._ .. ,~~~:~!!._ ...... _ .. _.j 

"-.... 17.' .. , 

TUnnel •••• 
(C.d .......... pqel) 

of machinery. The fact is we did not experience a lot of 
things. . 

'Upon entering we did not have. to overcome 
Cerberus, simply a few barriers and pipe filled 
corridors. The imagined birth that allegedly brought 
us to the well lit tunnels left us ambivalent, as we 
hypothetically experienced suspenseful tension and 
apathy at not seeing large pipes coursing their way 
down the left side of us. 

Uur gUIde, Skulker, led us through the imaginary 
voyage creating images and factual information 
quicker than any SOlipsist in the Philosophy Dept. As 
we did not stop under Mandeville, we were told not to 
notice the expansion joints as the pipes bent around 
the corner only to disappear into concrete. So we did 
not notice this, nor the fact that the mounts for the 
pipes were rollers in case of an earthquake. All this 
went so unobserved that we even failed to notice the 
entrance to the Mandeville Center. 

We had heard tales 01 grallltl hned wailS, leaturmg 
"The Moles," "Shelob's Waiting For Frodo, " as well 
as various other graphic inscriptions and drawings 
(including an elaborately drawn shark - woe to those 
who enter to such depths) , and I'm sure if we had 
journeyed to those 20,000 Leagues Under the Mind 
Drain Factory we would have brought along armfuls 
of chalk and made a number of epithets. 

You can also be sure that if seven people had gone 
down into the tunnels a number of jokes would have 
been told, a number of bad jokes. So bad that even if 
they had been said we would not print them. And 
songs. They say that at some places the tunnels are, 
well - rather dark. One can imagine then that people 
might sing the refrain from Debby Boone's "You, you 
light up my life ... " or McCartney's "The Long and 
Winding Road (Tunnel) ." 

And so we probably would have gone. For as long as 
two hours I'm sure. That is if it weren't illegal. 

But who are we to break the law and risk the 
possibility of being cut in half by a leak suddenly 
stabbing out {rom a super-heated steam pipe? Notus. 

"Let's check out the Satellite Data Tapes that are 
under Mayer Hall, " chortled one of us from the back. 

"How did you know about them? " 
"Skulker heard it from a friend of a friend of a 

friend who did Dot go down under. Besides we don ' t 
need to go and check out the immensely long tunnel 

Polo at UCSD 

........ 

"To boldly 90 ,,"ere BO BUlB Iua. \leBt.red before." 
connecting Central Library to the Med School when 
we cannot see the tapes." 

We did neither. 
Once upon a time (and a very good time it was) 

someone told us that life was full of traps, such as 
magnetic alarms and lights that flash red on a board 
in the Campus Police Station, not to mention a person 
that hangs around Central Utilities 24 hours a day. 
Fearing the powers-that-be foreced us not to examine 
safer, yet hotter, regions, near the alleged Revelle 
College. Take that, Big Brother. 

What could one possibly see (or not see - or not not) 
other than silly bread-dispensers and other relics 
under what has been coined the Revelle Cafeteria . 
Word has it that it's particularly hot down in that area 
of the tunnels , resulting in the necessity for some 
periodjc surveillance of gauges. But there are those 
who care with a passion for this school, and you can 
imagine that if some monitoring clip-board was there, 
oh, let's be realistic, and know that those ever vigilant 
news-hounds of the Triton Times would be on hand to 
write, " Everything's ·OK. The TT." 

Hypothetically speaking, one would get damn tired 
of ceaselessly wallUng around a world of hot and cold, 
light and dark, in the bowels ofUCSD. We would have 
decided it was time to make our movement out. 

Grimy hands, but smiling, can you picture the 

~~ 
IICSII now has a POlO TEAll I' you 
are an experienced horseback 
rider and are interested in 
learning to play POlO please call 
Beth at 481-1567 or Bob 481-
1370. 

CHASSIDIC 
MASQUERADE 

PARTY 

IDUCA TIOIIUU. ClII"" TUT NlPMATIOII 
.. CIALlm IItICII ,_ 

Visit OW CtIItIf, 
AlII! ... 'er YIw1IIf 

.... We .. TIle DI""-
CIII DIys, f'" , ........ 

~O.c.n ... 
21.GItMtA ... 

...... Ie a-t. 92108 

~ (711) ue.11 

****OUTDRESS THE CHASSIDIM**** 
MASQUERADE PARTY CONTEST 

MARCH 22nd, 197~ • 
WEDNESDA Y NIGHT - 6:30 P.M. 

·"WHO HA THE LONGEST BEA RD??'??'rn* •• 

•• .. ·WHO liAS THE LONGESTSKIRTrmu*** 

****THE LONGEST PAYOT****rm 

···MA YBE THE LONGEST SLEEVES***** 

WHO'r.~ I SAN DIEGO OUTDOES A D OUTDRE ES 
T HE CHASSIDIM '!'!,? 

FOR PURIM - C HABAD IS A MUST!!! 
LOTS OF L'CHAIM 

REFRESHMENT LOTS OF PIRIT 

LIVE BAND 
DO ATEO BY IRA 1(£ I 

BE A WINNER - PURIM FUN AND FROLIC! WHERE! 
AT CHABAD 

6115 MonlKomery 
, DitKO, C.I 92115 

2a6.. .. 7 .. 7 

...... 

fictional seven emerging? Victory would be theirs . 
. ~ ... 

In an office that puts out what is not a newspaper we 
sat, triumphantly sipping our brew of Old EnglishSOO. 
In such an atmosphere of debauch, one would guess 
that stories of the drippy, evil, tortuous spy infested 
catacombs would be exagerated. 

Stories would undoubt.~dly be retold. Someone 
might remember how he pushed open a man-hole 
cover and shouted to a startled passer-by, " Hey, 
how's it going?" 

In fact, thinking about such a horrible group and 
tale one might conclude that the campus police 
station would be called , and a slightly slurred voice 
heard to say: "Hey, I've been hearing voices from 
down in the ground." 

We ask you , could anyone have been in the tunnels? 
Just ask Skulker(s) . 
We don ' t know. 

••••• 
If we had gone down into the tunnels there probably 

wouldn't have been the need to call up Tom Tribble, 
Senior Superintendent of physical plant. But then, 
there is always the possibility that if a group had 
snuck into the dark depths, the photographer's film 
might have double exposed, causing the necessity of 
getting some "legitimate" shots. 

After all, what is a fictitious story without pictures ? 
··Mr. Tribble, this is the Triton Times. We'd like to 

look at the tunnels." 
"Oh, dear," said Tribble. " ) guess we'll have to hide 

the bodies." Tribble is a funny man. 
In the course of our tour, we were disillusioned to 

find out that there had actually been legitimate tours 
of the tunnels for students. 

" Yeah," said Tribble, talking as we trudged along. 
" Res . Hall people have given some freshman 
orientation tours down here ." 

In the daylight, under offical auspices, without even 
the thrill of setting off silent alarms for the pleasure of 
the campus police ("Hi , this is Tom Tribble, I'm going 
into the tunnels") one would imagine the excitement 
would not be the same as skulking around like 
desperados at night. 

Tribble is interesting and pragmatic. Romantic -
no. "I'm kind of used to looking at valves, " he said. He 
points to the surroundings of the tunnel. " It's not very 
charming down here, but it serves a purpose." 

He cites the advantages of utility tunnels - from 
monetary savings to practicality. But knowing these 
things somehow lessens the aura of the tunllels. 

Mellow, as much as we despise the word, describes 
Tribble. He doesn' t even get upset about the idea of 
students sneaking into the tunnels, just so long as 
" nobody gets hurt and they just do the usual thing _ 
show off to their girlfriends." 

Tribble reminisces slightly, " I used to enjoy going 
into forbidden places." 

We un~erstand that feeling . All se\' ''n of us . 
HypothetIcally speaking of course. 

UNITED 
TECHNOLOGIES 

PRATT & WHITNEY 
AIRCRAFT GROUP 

WILL BE 

ON 
PUS 

March 30,1978 
to interview cand dales 

Consult your Placement Office 
for degree and field of study 

requirements 

(,w UNITED 
TECHNOLOGIES 

An Equal Opportunity Employer / Male & Female 



..... 1. 

-::';;~!sIWg:;I::;;;;;T:::!:H:::::C=O=U=P=O=N===~"£u- -;. ... - --, 
I 
I 
I O -FORO 

DINNERS 
T-'UI_ 

wat.,ing twin 'ilet, of tenderloin topped 
anichokl bOnom. beam"" .. uce and mUlhroom cap -

FANT ASTICI 
-....,~~ 

For h"erlovers everywh .... - this dilh I, Mutl'd in sherry 
Ind smothe,ed in f, ... ontonl - YOU' LL LOVE ITI 

_ ... _....,T ..... -_ 
A dolic,ou. low ",10<1. d ioh -~ Ilghtty in buntl wllh 
'-"on and para IIY. 

'_0' Poft, o.n_ 
Dellc.to '.lets 0' portI. lIuto'g In .,","Y. lowed 
With .,oc::adc. tomato and smothered in fMlting 
gruver. ch_ - FROM EUROPE WITH LOVEI 

All Int, ... served with RICI PI'af. " .. n 
"",~.bl'" and fresh corn muffin. or 

bread •. butter. 
Servt"Ot 

Br.akla.t ·1 
Available and Lunch 1 

I Pl£ITY IIf fIlE( PARDI: Wi ne 1 I. .HR£IME Sangria : 
I 7110 FAY AVE •• LA JOLLA Beer I 
i 459-0504 Member "Let's Dine I 
L ___ ~~~ ______ __ ___ O.!!.t::!:l~~J 

triton 
personals 

Thad Jones-please call JIm Beckley durlnl the d.y-
~-35t7. Al niaht·m till 

tOIl yellow wiDdbreaur-t)·pe jacket in MaJn Gym 
Jjj uyoand I Dinpoclt.t. II f""nd call Andy 453-20" 

81ll. Natur.1 Hlltory Cruise In the 50a of Corte.. I· 
days. M.r. 2jI·Apr 2 _ Conlact F Rokop ZU4 
B8.477O 

Richard G, people nee-clina oLherpeop)e. J'Just rour 
IIttieworda of a biliOq, buttlterciJonJyonepeop&e 
that ', me-.and I need you BUlthesad IUMY thine is 
how each o( us run a~ay from our needinl people 
E"tn Ullnl U 50nl about it 10 run away But it hurts 
so much-at first Aodlhin Ilfeelssocood to find that 
real is lo\'e and solo\'eilwaitlO& (or uS t'llientylimes 
.. ds)"behind.:.lltbe fUM), ra es_ W6JUStneed totake 
down our rake race and leI the be~UIY . power and 
alory out Wit can love 10 oIt~ and so .. ell that the 
minutes fly and the days are lon" Lo\lt is real and 
real" love. Good luck in school . Richard I' ll a lways 
be your friend N f . 1971 
Need ride to Sacto and back shareexps finals done 
Wed Call Rox 453-0,\79 

Mark Happy :lOth 80 Oon '( (orjel the Vitamin 
BI2 ·J . 

Bunny Manl .. ! Live on sta,e. Revelle C .. (etena . 
friday nite at 5 30. Come In your lone johns 

Wanted new Court Jflt.er (or Jon K, Julie J, Sandy 
M Preferably lu .. bumun and devoid of f-mouon . 
Musl enjoy bein,lulilhed ~l. I""ultt!d, and ment-ully 
and physically abused. Must especially like beinl 
locked out of own room any lime day or nilhl . even 
dunn, mld ·terms and hnal Apply E-QorE·51 No 
pay Absolutely no (rinle benefits Great 
f:'tperience (or aOlone study tn, to be a 
catatonic/ paranoid schizophrenic.' , .~ormer victim 
retirina because DJ·JeI supply 10'" 

Back by populardemartd l The Pajama Breakfastal 
Re\'elle Saturday momen,. Come in your paJama • . 

80010 10ft" to Revelle (Monkey Nne) . Sponsored by 
the studenlS 10 reelect Ronald Rea,an Com with 
your banana I 

Happy Birthday Denecsh. lillie bear 

Julia-I'm lelllna WOWED April 17th Tilt physical 
act J ciln', contemplate, Elvis 

Seekinl PlychololicOlUysensitiye woman lotrain as 
co-THERAPIST in Human Sexuality Proaram, Or 
Kaurman 291·'7949 141121 

Leslie or Meteor: You are the mOlt charming and 
beauuf,,1 wOOUIn I've seen on this cflmpuJ and I 'm 
lotall)' In(atuated with )'ou HOlliil.4J luelO mi amor 
Tu amirudOr Istino 

Sort Contacllens Invesli,8uon Patientl needed lor 
new lO(t contact lens investlaalion, service charee 
ror materials onl)' . 799· 5592 or 449 · 5252 . 

ti 
Nonc), June, Vou ha lie luch Chu8lpah. ll owdufc you 
leaYe and take lbe dishts with you , We' ll miss you· 
Roonues plus one ~31J 7) 

119 posltionJi are open In Ihe Department o( 
Neuroscie-M<.'t"1i ror undf'raradu8tes Interested In 
electrophys lOlo,lcal research for (urther 
in(ormaliun call Joy at 452· U:U (3 / 17 ) 

Gary 41: Murk ilappy 5l POiII Day Ha,nt lab been 
run " Drop by to see me Mxt quarter·the oon to be 
non-student P S Dana you ' \le been the ,realeSt! 
Thanks (3 / 171 

Dear £a.ter HolI .. nd. Tlu. Quaner hat oc-en touah . 
yet has shown me JUst whol kind o( D ,,'o~r(ul man 
you are , Thanks (or all the luppon , lhe kind words. 
Ilappy Easter, hlwe a ,000 rest , and I love you. 

Skiers' Experience tbethrill or conquennllclimax' 
Ski Mommothsprintbreak' .. Call Steve. tlHJ!l57 

UCSO's concreteJun,leca n be pretty isolMln, Try 
FOCUS 4$2~ til t7I 

Mon peUt Chu Chu· liove not only youreyeJ and sexy 
hair , but also your wannlh and smile Redbeard 

MOPEO-PUCH only 1100 miles. saddle baiS. wire 
basket. excellenl condition 1350, Jerry W-~I 
13/ 17) 

Fried on Finals" call FOCUS We' re students and 
we care. 452-4455 13/ 171 

Budweiser. Announces 1978 National College "Pitch In!" Week 
(April 10-16) 

" 
Get up a group and Pitch In! You can help improve the 
environment O.o"mf your college and have a shot at 
one of five $1,000 first place. five $500 second place, 
or five $250 third place educatianaJ awards, courtesy 
of Budweiser and ABC Radio. 
Any college, university, or approved organization 
(fraternities , sororities, campus groups, etc.) is 
eligible ta participate. Just return the coupon 
for rules and "Pitch In' " Week program kit. 

Compet it ion lIo id where prohlb.ted by l ow. 

r Pitch this In the mall I I To COIIC'gr Pitch In l W e k Desk c 0 A[lC Rad,o Network 1330 Aven ue a ltho Amc ncas N ew York N w York 10019 ~ I 
I I 

Please Rush College Pilc h Inl Woek proyra m k;lt 

Name-

College 

I I Organlzallon on Campus 
\.lDdiil_B _IM.I~J 

AiJOr- .. 

State 

........... 17. 1m 

classified a dvertisements 
So __ . lIke WOW ... I "'II Ilk. t.lkln. '0 "I. 
penoD .and WOW .. ,ob wow .. ,. c8n ' , la), 
.I_ .. WOW .. _1_ .. ___ .... 11 moon WOW ... It'.,ho 
mosl l.credIbIe ... oh WOW ... WOW ... April 11th 

CUl. He' ••• champa.no 1081110 alilhat "'''' aad 
.11 thaI Will ..... JlOll voy ...... SOlnl AIp/I ..... 1!1I71 

m2 GoonI~ Jbve OJ apect6:t(.,.lar quarter while I'm 
up north stayln. alive . P ,S . PODS (.1/n) 
Bew.re 01 I .... lnIonnaIloIt __ .- .1 
UCSD. WOMEN HA VI: THE RIGHT TO CHOOSE. 
_"" .... ___ -._I .... _~ 
,-, .. ---_ ... . 
A_lor loire _ .......... III .. n l noy 
It.ow '.'1 t •• ".Oa from y •• r r~1 fee.! 
IU..,al ..... Ior_ 10 fIIY lor kll .... ? ........ 
-'-Ior ,,-t. 4*.111 
0._ ..... y .. r ..... _ .... _, Wilt to 
......... tltl .. _t h? C.II IM-II7I or 4lot·n71 

travel 
BOOK ON CAMPUS: E ......... Haw.1i and New 
York Charter Fli.hU. C1EE Student Travel, 
Sludent Center B-IID. Open WftlulaYI IH. Call4S2· 
_11/1) 
Rider 10 share drlvln. aDd •• _ .. N .. hvilit. 
T.n ........ Cau Ceo,... 413_2 
ISRAEL. _ I need a tr"velln. (."Onlpunion to lour 
Israel this summer for 2-3 w~kl Cull R .. nd til · 
1534. 
Tra\l~ 1 tu ISRA EL lhis summer Student Iroup 
boJrga ln rates , S weeks. Farrun tiM IltH,,!nl . it 'IU'Il' 
best WBY to 80' Call Paul -%71 -7US eve 

Unique Tour "RT IN ITALV unlHr It) Credil 
poSliible 6 weeks $1450 C~11 Janllone Tru\-el 114 
297·3176 14 / 121 

Wa nt to go to Europe thiS 5UmOlt'r" .1795 irw:ludt.'lJ 
everYU1ina for ri ve "feiu Come !U_'t' film and iel 
rnore infoon Sunday March 19 ti t7;30pm . AP~l Z3 13 
or c.1I m ·7ti93 

N(.'(.od nde to phoenix on un SI:l6 or Sli t OIghl ,,5.'t 
7 11 3 Keith lor course s ha re exp ense I 

wanted 
SubJe<.1 /i lor brain w a ve expl! al Et::G la b in the 
Medlcol School. C.II Debbie .42ti6 or com. by 858 
3046 for oppt Males nlht handed 16-3.5 (4131 

Wpnled' I tin drum or Ciu powder Call Oskar't 27 ... 
3219 
Cate fo, parakeel for chikl' ll birthday . Ask lor 
Jane wk dliy. 4$2-2460 (3/ t7) 
C .. h p.id for coi .... clau rtncs. jewelry ...... tal 
,old . sterUna and pre IM5 U S Silver Coins. Ken 
7:16-7371 (.m 
Microcomputer procrammera, earn money by 
leninl UI market ),our prOlram • • Any type 
pro,r,m on any .y.tem ContrJlct JOM: Ivallable 
Alan 5I3-'/Ilt (3 /241 
SubjectA for paid psycholo,lcal expe,lmenu in La 
Jolla . M.n . I.e. 2' -40 . Pl •••• call 452-47&0 

R.,O firm loc.ted near UCSD needs part-limo 
pentOn lor PBX r>/IoM ",Ilef and ..... r.1 am"" 
dutie._ HouN/i and lalary ne,otiable Reply to P.O. 
Bo. 22113. San Oi ..... CA 12.22. 

for sale 
For 1.1.: $lot skaleboard. Qtlkullvor board • 
• rBc kor lrucu. UFO "' ..... Is. A d •• 1 for .... Call 
Joe:~ I 
Peuaeot Mo-P<d t50 ml .. . yr. old. $31S or beslorfer. 
How.rd 453 __ t4 / &1 

Corvette--l., conyt. w/removab~ h3lrd top, must 
.... Best offer o .. r SS.tIttI Ho ... ard 4$Hm 141&1 

1m TOYOTA Corolla; AWFM. 2 dr. & lpeed . • t .. 1 
radial • . low miles UJ75 2tS · 7413 . (4 / ttl 

Tumlable [lac Prot. base, dust covt'r. Stanton EEE 
ca nridge.IOO. 

Teklronlt ly~ 611 5toralf' di -play unit . Like new 
nooo 8ill 431-2300 t31 t 71 

~'or S.le III6ti Oldsmobile CUlla •• Sup",n", Call 
455-11698 A kfor Jac k t31171 

W~;TSl'IT • In"h lon(!john and Jacket In lood 
('ondltion Sit ' inch . 144) 1bs lappl'ox) $60, Call 452· 
!l()<1 (4/ 31 

LEARN TO FLY 

California Gliders 
Flight Training Center 

offers 
Hang Gliding Instruction 

at ail levels -
novice thru expert 

7 Days II week 

Certified USHGA Instructon 

for fUrlher Inform.lion 
CONTACT 

ALBION C0RPORATION 
8490 PRODUCTION AVE. 

SAN DIEGO. CALIFORNIA 
92121 

(714) 271·7810 

MOVING SALE! ",",Ilure-bed. dl'tllOr. IIImp. 
table . • tc. M.rch 17-1t. IH pm. 4043 Mlram.r SI_ 
110. I . 4$2·_ t31171 

For Sole. • .. Sunbeam Alpine Rebuilt en ..... 
excelaent rOllidltion. 115IO, Cell Harry at W ·MII or 
4»-5117 .nniaa', 

·u .. ert CofoDy Pari< W_ I ........ 'ull powor. 
rack , mu.l lell '71$ . •• 7·'''' eve. CSlI7) 

services 
"rhP.re are IOU open ..... 'in the Wiklemeu Cu. ..... 
,Iu 011 .\'01'10 HSS". ... d.I ... Into ... ctl ... I.I3) 
Contact Len5eo: Pa.lenll neoded for in •• ot.Iptloa 
of an oxy .. n permeable ba,d ca.lact leG!! . Acetale. 
Cellulose, Buterate. f'ee for aervlces only. m-22l1 
13117) 
PROFESSIONAL THESIS 1M ANUSCRI PT 
TYPING: Experle ..... : 1 ......... ly famlll.r with 
all 'orm' slyle ........ irtrnellll_ Ruoh joIIo accepted_ 
IBM Correctl .. Selectric II lypewriUr. O.y 515-
AtI : ev'. _,,7. "'" 

Profeilional Typla, . RealOnable Ralt • . IBM 
Cornetin.50lectric CaU for 1"_ Esllmau_ Gail 
"'·7511 (1/11 
Typinc"'pen..nced. reliabl.. r._IIIo. IBM 
CorrectiDI Selectric. Call anytime _17 ...... 

Oldl. "'" 
Typl.,-.Ucorrecti.DI IBM .. 1octrIc torm _. 
lheoa. ole. e.perieoced. 461·11 .......... (l1li 
TYPING! IBM Selectriclerm pope .... the_. Pbo· 1 
dissertations . edillna •. RUSH JOBS -4~. seo. l 
In I, .... ,,,_1* !fIt) 

" TIItOriDc - C.IaoI .... "'Ipbr •. Tri . . ..... 1 IGoom). Room·mau .a.ted. male. Spr\ai QIr. 10 shar. new Room ror rent, houM priviAelel, Includint; laundry, 
near the beach. fllO_ P ...... 755-7230 afur 5 PhYllcl . 8tall.II ... ':.11 ... 217 -471. (5/241 2 bdrm condo Own rm I. ';' bath . pool. D .. r 

campua. fll2.st mo. 41HZ1f. (415) 
Own room In Del Mar houM_ Near "'acII. biU.rd. 
.P1e ... DI I'oommares. A.allabH now. 411-1:157. 
Roommate w ........ for IBr 28. lumiohed bouse 10 

Medical Scbolar.bips, SIt Immediate 4-yt.r 
1IIOdlc.1 ~ •• 011_ 10 -"III "" 
_ med 11"""'11_ C.D N •• y .. odicaI Team 
__ . (41211 

LEARN SPANISH I
I Uol •• roily City fl5G/mooth_ Avalt.bl.1mmod 453-

ItZl_ 

1'01' rent One bedroom 10 a spacious 2 bedroom 
borne ,, /backyard and pool. " block 10 beacfl in Del 
"ar. Available from 3/ 1110l/1"'19t1 Coost Blvd 
Callanyt]me at 411-.711 fl5G/ montb 

If you reaDyw""I 10 Ie ..... SpaaiofIquldd,. -, 
... corftctIy • • ad If you have the tGM'.,. uti 
ownIna for 1Dtaai •• and diaci"'- study. come 
lor .1 leut __ .. Cltem •• ",," LaoIIU.,. i 
SdIoot. Fll'lltIIOIItIt_. F_ ... ,_ ..... _ . 
Pri .... lutor a •• liabl •• I_ forMboura. Detail. 
APDO , ... CUlr.avacl, Mexico . (Wll7l 

RESEARCH PAPERS - Thou .. "" on file. 12.71 
per PO... Orlalnal ",.ea reh abo .. alt.ble. Send 
Ilot lor c.,al", NATfONAL RESEARCH ._ 
Wlish ir. no . 214 LA tlU4 (2131 47. -Utl 

NEED A TYP.ST" R .... nable raU._ SPEEDY 
SERVICE IBN seU-correctinl. Kathi. ~_ 
afler 12, at noon. 

Typinc-".rilyn would like lo fullill your Iypin. 
_ ... pert. r .... nabl • • has 18M. Cllil 27O-e'I2I. 
Finals burnout .1 PAle OIl • . food . coffee.ad _Ie ' 
totatk to. ()pen 24 hra. LocatedLowerMuir452·21S7. 
Pa,e One also recycltl new.paper and aluminum 
COiIn.a, We are located.t Lo"'f1' Muir('.ommons"S2· 
2t87 housing 
2 people (male or female ) needed to share room in 
beautiful Del Mar house Vet) c lose to beach. Near 
bus Itnea Call 411_7 

_lor rent_ La,..eilouJOInEaaIDel"ar. 21tlft 
or I.ad April I to ? f1l$1mo. Dave. 1564104 

N .... 2 bdnn_ IIII'D. _ "" ."'_ near boadJ In P.B. 
IIf M.B. RlrtIaI J_I"",. 1. up .. ..., _ _ Aay 
liii0_ be belpf\ll. """1'.111.,.101. II'. forD .... 
Mike. V I .. c .. ad J .... CalI .. iu.t_7441. (ru'7) 

Roommate w.awd: own room In a bdrm twDbH 3 
milesh"m USDIl25moothpluauUI ..... lIableApr 
1._.5 

Roommate wallt.ed~ own room in !I bdrm twnhle 3 
miles from UCSD St25 month pi ... uUI . A • • ilable 
Apr I 4SW3ts 

ALL PREMEDS AND 
PRE DENTS applying to schools this year 
and who wish a Health Science Advisory Committee 

interview, must have complete file in the Health 
Sciences offices by Friday, March 24. 

THIS IS ABSOLUTE, NO EXCEPTIONS! ! 

Over ice or snow add lIJ2 oz. of Montezuma Tequila, the Noblest 
Tequila, to delicious Fresca.lt's a chiller! 

Over ice or snow add I ~ oz. of Montezuma Tequila. the Noblest TeqUila. to delICIOUS Fre~a _ lt's a chtller! 

t 1978_ 80 proal Monteluma Tequ~a Otstdled and boIIled by Borton Ot llile r> Import Co . """'" York. N Y 
Freseo.s 0 reg.stered IrMlllIIrk 01 the C"",,-Cola Company 




