
New approach 
to allocating 
$4.4 million 

by Reed Alpert 
Associate News Editor 

The AdvisorY Comittee on 
Student Fee Programs, which 
controls a $4 .4 million budget.is 
going to adopt a new approach 
to allocating their budget next 
year, aid Kenzie Nicoll, next 
year's student co-chair. 

"The way we ' re going about 
doing it now is really bizarre," 
said Nicoll. "It's hard to see the 
whole picture." 

Curre ntly the Advisory 
Committee looks at the budget 
requests from the units and 
considers each line item alone. 

"We would like to move it 
(the comittee) towards more of 
a policy making committee,'" 
saJd NIcoll. " We -have to get 
away from looking close up at 
the figures." 

Funds from the advisory 
committee, which derives its 
monies from student registra-
tion fees, go to various units 
arou nd campus , including 
$1.127 million to the Student 
Health Centu, $450 ,000 to 
Student Financial Aid, $359,000 
to intercollegiate and intra-
mural athletics and $360,000 to 
Coun eling and Psychological 
Services . The committee i 
compo ed of even tud t 
and five administrator . 

"W pI n to focu on th 
unit, or trends, and on 
planning, rather than doing 
point specific planning," said 
Nicoll. 

In order to facilitate this 
programmatic approach, the 
advisory committee will hire a 
budget analyst, said Nicoll. The 
bud~et analyst's job will 
requIre turning the complex 
budget into figures that are 
more accessible to the mem-
bers of the committee, he said. 

The committee also utilizes 
.he Reg Fee intern program 
that sends student interns into 
the various units.lQprepare in-
depth reports for the commit 
tee . 

Meeropolon 
an end to 
government 
secrecy & 
clearing the 
Rosenberg 
name 

UCSaoDiego WednHdlly, Mey 31, 1978 

Coach'es back more 
"exciting sports" 
TT poll of coaches, supervisors 
reveals wide-ranging disagreement 

ayde.: ........ t e r . .. t ive iDvestmeDts which would ha\le beeD 
more profita ble ... " 

Tom Hayden interview 

by Dave Eisen 
UCSD's low-key intercolle· 

giate sports program , long 
called " a model for other 
universities " by athletic 
director Judy Sweet, is th 
subject of wide-ranging 
disagreement between sports 
administrators and coaches . 

A Triton Times poll of UCSD 
physical education supervi-
sors, coaches and administra-
tors has revealed that most 
coaches would prefer a more 
exciting Rrogram, headed bX 
severaf ' very high quality ' 
teams and perhaps enhanced 
by inducements to bring better 
athletes to UCSD. 

UC loses money in S Africa 
by John Hondro put their money in a bank account - an $89 

Staff Writer million gain over the present policy . The report 
The California Public Policy Center (CPPC) shows that an investment in Federal Hou ing 

recently published a report evaluating current Administration (FHA) mortgages would have 
investment policies of the UC Board of Regents yielded the Regent 8.4 percent - a gain of $119 
which "shows that UC investment in firm doing million . 
business in South Africa has resulted in a net In addition to bringing in a high return, an 
10 ," according tQ PPC Board of Director investment in FHA mortg; ge'l which is 100 
member Tom fIayden . p rcent i~~~Il'ed , woukf benet ' the stat~', 

The CPPC >employed an independent economy In the form 0'£ large-scale JOR 
inve tm nt advi~er,. t fan Jovanovich, to make development and generatIOn of r evenu , 
an as es ment of how the Regents pend money accordIng to. the rep~rt: . . 
Hayden told the Triton Times last Wednesday . . Hayden. sald$55~ mllll?n In to?k and ~onds ! 

Jovanovich found that the Regent's Invested I~ Ame~ICan fIrms dOIng bUSIDes ID 
investments in multi-national corporations South AfrIca .. wh~ch ~mounts to .03 percent of 
which do business in the Republic of South the total unIversIty IDvestment. The Regent 
Africa suffered a net 10 s of 5.11 percent last claim that remo~al of " this money from the 
year, said Hayden . The 10 s was in common grasp of South AfrIca would someh.ow wreck th,~ 
stock investments, which comprise nearly two- proper and prudent process of IDvestment 
thirds of the Regents ' entIre investment H~~den. co~tlDued. . . . 
portfolio, accor<Jing to the Jovanovich report. .JettlsonlDg one of the fIDe~t portfolIos ID 

.. Adjusted for inflation this amounted to a eXIstence would not only be Imprudent but 
real dollar loss of nearly 12 percent" the report would be impossible to replace with investments 
states. ' of comparable quality," UC Treasurer Owsley 

"There are alternative investments which Hammond has argued. 
would have been more profitable with positive "The claim that the univer ity must either 
social results such as California housing," said invest in racism or jeopordize one of the finest 
Hayden. portfolios in existence is a lie ," Hayden 

According to a section of the rpport authored commente"d in t.he rep~rt. 
by CPPC Co-director Cary Lowe, the Regents The CPPC IS a kIng that the Regents 
could have made five percen~ if they would have (Please turn to page 8) 

The poll asked questions of 
mainly long-time UCSD 
coaches, of both men' s and 
women's teams, most of whom 
wanted to remain anonymous. 

Many questions covered in 
the poll were also the subject of 
discussion at a meeting last 
Friday which included Sweet, 
a c ting Vice -chancellor of 
Student Affairs Howard Hunt, 
acting Chairm a n of th e 
Physical Education Depart-
ment Frank Vitale and ba ket-
ball coach Ba rry Cunningham. 

The latter two officials, who 
have sought changes in the 
department in past years, were 
told to produce a proposal, to be 
presented to the PE staff in a 
meeting Friday. 

The poll questions that drew 
controversy from the ports 
officials were: " Should all 
UCSD sports be treated 
equally, or should one or more 
be given proportionally more 
resources with which t o 
produce a better team?" and 
" Should inducements be used 
to bring in better athletes?" 

Coaches also disagreed 
about: " Should the number of 
intercollegiate teams be cut?" 

nd " Should UCSD team move 
from the :ltiona l Am ateur 
I ntercollegiate Association 
( Al A) to the ational Coli 
~i_at e Athleti c Asso cia tion (NCAA) ?" 

" I don 't feel that equality and 
participation are enough in a 
program," Vitale said. " We 
can serve a broader purpose -
have a cohesive effect on the 
student body and identity and 
interest in the community. 

" We can look to the Ivy 
League as a model. Now, it 
seems, intercollegiate sports 
are just a glorified intramural 
program. 

" We need a deeper commit-
ment from both the player and 
the administration, but it has to 
start here (within the depart-

(Pleas turn to pag 3 ) 
by Jeff Beresford-Howe 

Staff Writer 
government Isn 't always ethical in Its pro ecutlOn , and thus 
" build a memorial to my parents." , 

Despite the fact that hi parents were executed by the state of 
New York for allegedly conspiring to transmit US atomic secrets 
to the Soviet Union in 1953, Robert Meeropol claimed that his five 
year tour of college campuses, continued Thursday at UCSD, is not 
for the sole purpose of exonerating Julius and Ethel Rosenberg. 

Rather, Meeropol asserted that what he really wants to do is 
bring an end to government secrecy through his organization,. the 
Fund for Open Information and Accountability, to defend the rest 
of us from government abuse, using the case of his parent as a 
conduit and rallying point for support. 

Government secrecy, Meeropol argued, was caus d by a cold 
war mentality, a paranoid reaction to "an hone tly perceived" 
communist threat. His parents were victims of that reaction, a 
were others: "All tho e oldier that died in Vietnam were~ictim 
of of the cold war .. .in many way , we are tilJ chained to that 
ideology or mind- 'et of the 1950s." 

Ju tifying Watergate 
That mind-set also caused the FBI spying on Martin Luth r King 

and led to the Watergat burglars trying to justify their br ak-ins 
on the grounds of "national curity", Me ropol aid. H claimed 
a me sage was sent in this nation quating dis ent with being a 
communist, and therefore a traitor, with a ecret polic Cor e 
needed to combat thes " traitor ." 

Meeropol argued that it is impos ible to control th lA, " How 
can you control omething that's secret? " Meeropol propo th 
abolition of the CIA. "We really don't need it to deal with the 
Russians, who have known all of our code at on time or another 
without bringing nucl ar annihilation upon u , and w c rtainly 
don't need it internally, " he aid. 

To Meeropol, the IA and the KGB exi t mer Iy to ju tify th 
, xistence of one another, with little actual practical valu . 

Meeropol' Mandevill Auditorium I tur did not, how v r, 
I ave out m ntion of hi parent . M eropol hope to cl ar their 
name , using th ir ca to h Ip " educat pot ntialj~ror " thatth 

After damning the cold war philo ophy of the 50s, which w 
caused , Meeropol believes , by a need to ju tHy American 
expansion, Meeropol challanged the integrity and veracity of the 
two major witne se again t his parents, Harry Gold and David 
Greenglas . 

At the trial , Gre ngla te tified that Juliu Rosenberg had 
recruited him into an espionage program, and provided him with 
rough sketche of the atomic bomb. 

Gold wa alleg dl uppo ed to pick up tho e ketch , and 
deliver them to other courier , prior to th ir eventual departur 
Cor th oviet union . 



P ... I triton times 

Opln on 
Day c re supporters answer charges of extravagance 

Now that somf~ mblance of 
university-operated .. parent 
and student controhed child 
care haa been ~served at 
UCSD we are \'Iltnessing the 
first nunblinp of a campaign 
to discredit the Daycare Center 
and to divide those who joined 
to,ether to prevent the 
discontinuance or downgrading 
of the service. So far this 
campaign has centered around 
i _mysterious $4100 per child" 
figure attributed to the 
Chancellor; other features 
include cheapshots like 
"extravagant", "Cadillac", 
" circus for the amusement of 
four year olds", etc., and 
suggestions that supporters 
were misled. And then there 
are Assistant Vice-chancellor 
Whitehill 's carefully planned 
doubts about the center's 
quality. 

for 10 months only; UCLA cost 
$3684 for 12 months (Day Care 
Services Report) . In this 
context, a 12 month CilUre of 
$3632 for UCSD for next year 
does not seem "extravagant", 
nor does even a $4100 figure , 
which would include things not 
counted in the other campuses' 
budgets as given above. 

Now let us look at San Diego 
and the state. The Day Care 
Services Report (page4) cites a 
1974 study done by State Budget 
Analyst Alan Post which put the 
figure for subsidized child care 
centers · at $2475-$3150 . A 
similar report on San Diego 
City Centers put the 1974 figure 
at $2750 excluding building 
costs and for 3-5 year-olds only. 
Compounding a 71h percent 
inflation rate since 1974 yields 
estimates of $3304-$3911 (1978) 
or $3552-$4204 (1979) for the 

The Committee for Decent Day Care, composed of parents and 
studeats at UCSD, was founded to prevent the downgrading of the 
day care quality on campus. 

First, let's examine the $4100 
figure. The center, although 
allowed 32 slots by the Fire 
Marshall , budgets for 34, based 
on the 1 in 12 absentee rate 
allowed by San Diego City 
Centers (s ource : l1CSD 
Daycare Service Report of the 
Chancellor's Ad Hoc Options 
Committee, December, 1977). 
The 34 figure is the official one, 
given in the Daycare Budget 
forwarded to the Reg Fee 
Committee by the Business 
Office . Dividing the total 
daycare expenses of $123,491 in 
the Business Office budget by 
34 yields $3632 . The Chancellor, 
throwing in everything includ-
ing the kitchen sink, has 
arrived at a total of $132 .500. 
and has divided by 32 get 
$4100 (the official figure would 
yield $3900) . 

The accuracy of the figure is 
important because it is 
practically the only thing 
McElroy can manage to utter 
when faced with a microphone; 
it has an inflammatory effect 
just like Prop. 13 . But seen in 
context, are any of the figures 
listed above "extravagant", or 
even out of the ordinary? Let us 
compare with other UC 
campuses and with public child 
care in the city and state. 

In the UC system, two types 
of service exist: that which 
'provides both infant care and 
preschool ; and that which 
provides only pre-schoo!. 
UCSD, UCB and UCLA are in 
the first group, which is more 
costly because of an absolute 
state ratio of 1 to 4. For the 
current year, UCB cost $4086 

statewide costs and $3672 (1978) 
or $3948 (1979) for the city. The 
San Diego Child Care Informa-
tion Network, in a response to 
an April , 1977 letter from 
Supervisor Jim Bates, put the 
figures for S.D. Children's 
Centers at $3120-$3720 per child. 
Inflation would drive this cost 
up around the $4000 figure for 
next year and, again, ildoes not 
include the more expensive 
infanl care offered at UCSD. 

In any case, it is evident that 
UCSD day care costs are not 
extravagant, when viewed in 
context. Neither is the center a 
"Cadillac." A simple visitthere 
would show lhat the center 
(which just meets State Dept. 
of Education adult-child ratios) 
is furnished with second-hand 
and don ated equi pmen t. 
University graduates working 
as aides earn about $3 .50 per 
hour and are ineligible for 
benefits because hired only 19 
hours a week. 

Especially exasperating is 
the suggestion that parents 
using-the center want to keep it 
to themselves, that their (and 
their supporters') insistence on 
" decent" care has somehow 
prevented expansion to 
accommodate the large 
waiting list. This is surely a 
classic case of blaming the 
victim. Supporters of the 
Center have always pressed for 
expansion. Direct action was 
needed to get child care here in 
the first place eight years ago 
and it's been a struggle with the 
Administration ever since. Two 
years ago, when the Fire 

Break out of your routine! Make new 
friends! Have the time of your life! 
Join us on one of our exciting, low·cost camping tours: 
COSSACK 46 d • .y camping tour through Russia/Scandinavia/E. 

Europll. Depart lOndon June 15,22,29; July 15, 22,29 $84e 
ODYSSEY 49 da I qamplng tour through central Europe & Greece. 

Depa t London June 12, 30; July16; August 2 .730 
ASIA 11 weak oumey across Asia to Kathmandu 
OVERLAND Dep81ll;OndOn June 20, July 19 and more .1210 
DON'T WASTE YC UR SUMMER! Hurry and see your campus 
travel service or ~end this coupon. t::> p-_..... -.. ----.. -~= ~ I Please send me I" formation on the trip I've checked , • 

• while there's stili tolJle! I 
I Name COSSACK 0 I I I I Address__ ODYSSEY 0 I 
I City ASIA I 
I State Zip OVERLAND 0 I 
I Phone I 
II Mail to : I D~TE'''''''TD 'I:' 5540CoIlegeAQ. I • 'y.:.n & U .. ~ Oakland, CAMe18 I 
I 'C"'U'TIi'R (415)654-1878 I 
I ~~.~~ UCSD I •.... _----_. __ .. _ .. __ .... 

Marshall limited the center to 
32 children, McElroy promised 
expansion to 60 slots. But it 
hasn't come, despite parent 
and student pressure. ThiS year 
he even discontinued United 
Way funds for the center. 

operate in church-provided 
space, etc. The profit agencies 
squeeze workers. In any case, 
the price is paid by someone. 

by testimony to its excellence 
from such groups as Head 
Start, Neighborhood House, 
S.D. County Childcare Coordi-
nating Council, Teacher 
Education Program, and 
experts such asDr. Ann Peters, 
UCSD Professor of Pediatrics, 
and UC Systemwide Childcare 
Consultant Sue Brock. Then 
there is McElroy' s statement 
that "the staff at the center has 
developed a model program 
through their personal motiva-
tion ... through years of uncer-
tain funding. " 

Instead of coming out and 
saying his administration did 
not want responsibility for child 
care, McElroy tried to say he 
was for it by franchising it and 
ignoring his own committee 
report which noted the poor 
ratios, high turnover and 
substandard wages of profit 
agencies .' He followed the 
recommendation of Richard 
Whitehill , the only member of a 
13 person committee to go for 
the franchise. The Administra-
tion made a political decillion to 
put child care into private 
hands, beyond parent and stu-
dent control. UCSD's center 
was no more costly than the 
public standard child care ave-
rage, but McElroy decided to 
go below that standard to the 
lowest common denominator. 
The Chancellor's own commit-
tee states: "University centers 
have a different motivation and 
higher standards than private-
ly operated centers ... There is 
one dominant characteristic 
(in the latter) . The teachers are 
paid a mimimum wage. This is 
the key to advantages and 
disadvantages of an outside 
agency." (UCSD DCSR p. 23) 

Some people seem to think 
four walls and a few supervi-
sors are all that's needed for 
child care. But a wealth of data 
attests that children this age 
are extraordinarily sensitive to 
environment and stimUli. A 
stable staff is needed, as is 
some kind of "educational" 
interaction. Simple supervised 
play is not enough to assure 
development in a child. In sum, the administration 

made a political decision to rid 
itself of daycare. That decision 
was confronted politically and 
the administration lost. Now it 
is trying to save face and to turn 
public sentiment against the 
Center by accusing day care 
supporters of bein'g elitists who 
oppose the masses in need of 
child care. But the only thing 
that cannot be denied is that 
only direct political action kept 
the issue in the public arena. 
Now it has gained statewide 
attention and student, parent 
and other public input into 
issues of expansion, quality 
standards and funding sources 
is assured. That is the great 
gain , and that is what the 
administration did not want. 

The contention that the 
massive support for the Day 
Care Center was ill-informed just doesn't hold water. The 
petition signed by 4000 specifi-
cally referred to a "Piaget-
Open Classroom" program and 
to Reg Fee support. Further, a 
survey done fall quarter by the 
Chancellor's Options Commit-
tee showed a 56 to 35 percent 
majority favoring a Reg Fee 
subsidy and a 61 percent 
majority favoring an "educa-
tional program" as part of the 
care. Thus, the Chancellor had 
a clear mandate to subsidize 
the center. 

McElroy's trumpeting of the 
$4000 figure has so far roused 
some backlash against the 
center; it has caused some to 
assert that "decent" care can 
be provided for much lower 
costs. It is true that some 
private centers are cheaper, 
but why? Well , the charitable 
variety receive contributions, 
vol unteer help and often 

Those who still harbor 
notions that the parents may be 
ripping off their fellow 
students ' Reg Fees might 
consider that as parents they 
have precious little time to 
enjoy the many other programs 
subsidized by their own Reg 
Fees. They might also consider 

Many arguments will be 
thrown around, many figures. 
Let us hope that demagogic and 
cheapshot sloganeering of the 
"circus" a nd "Ca dillac " 
variety will fade away and that 
the discussion will be carried 
out in context. Let all the 
figures be considered . Let 
knowledgeable people in the 
child care field be heard, and 
then let fair-minded peopl e 
judge. COMMITTEE FOR 

such Reg Fee subsidized 
programs as tile Aquatic 
Center .at Mission Bay - it has 
received a si r ampunt as 
day care and is used by at most 
40 people . 

Richard Whitehill's attempts 
to denigrate the center ' s 
program are easily countered DECENT DA YCARE 

Student body suffers 
from clap attack 

by Craig Childress 

The student body is suffering from a bad 
case of clapping inflation. Students 
nowadays will applaud anything and 
everything that moves. No longer is clal>ping 
reserved for those actions that deserve it. 
For example, just yesterday a well known 

Econ prof inadvertantly tangled himself up in 
his microphone cord and fell to the ground. 
The class burst into a long round of applause 
before the prof even hit tbe floor! 
. Applause inflation reached a climax at the 
end of last Quarter when over thirty-two 
percent of the faculty received standing 
ovations . How degrading! 

The inflated clap is ruming the university 
image: " A serious academic institution, 
based on tough competition, smooth bell 
curves, classroom apathy, and irate harried 
students. " 

Why should students receiving Cs and Ds be 
clapping? Something's happened to the 
system. Whatever happened to those good 01' 
days when you could separate the good profs 
by the bad by counting the number of tomato 
splatters on the blacltboard? With students 
b1indly clapping for every teacher they see, 
there is no way to distinguish the excellent 
prof from 'the mediocre. There is no waY .to 
fairly decide which profs should be accepted 
into the Teachers Hall of Fame. 

Can this distortion caused by inflation ever 
be brought under control? Can we put 
applause back on the normal bell curve 
where it belongs? 

Have no fear, as per usual , the faculty , 
administration and students are a lready 
hard at work in findi",! a way to stifle the 
inflation. At a recent faculty bored meeting, 
the Chancellor a nnoun ced , "Applause 
inflation has gotten as bad as grade 
lnflation . I fee l that the two may be 
directly correlated. Students are happier now 
that they're receiving better grade and 
therefore are clapping more . If we could 
force students to take classes in subjects they 
know nothing about, then grade inflation 
would decrease, which in turn would curta il 
applause inflation." 

Of course not all the proposals have been as 
reasonable as the Chancellor ' s . Bob 
Brownose, student advisor to the Chancellor, 
suggested that every student in lecture be 
asRed to wear ski glove on the last day of 
class. Fred PIa toe, adviser to the student 
adviser to the Chancellor l re ommend d that 
students adopt the practICe of clapping with 

one hand. (His proposal was dismissea on the 
grounds that no one knew "the sound of one 
hand clapping.") 

One of the more liberal profs suggested that 
instead of applauding, students should just 
throw money. Although most of the newer 
profs were excited over the idea, a few of 
the tenured profs claimed that it would be 
degrading to " pick up pennies ." The 
recommendation was then made to have the 
TAs pick up any coins (or slugs) worth less 
than a quarter. 

The most com plex proposal was a dvocaled 
by B .S . Pavlove of the Psychology 
Department. B.S. has developed tne 
Clapometer (similar to your basic five and 
dime store biofeedback machine) . The 
Clapometer can be easily attached to any 
slandard lecture hall desk and student. The 
machine accurately measures the noise level 
of the applauding student. 

If the clapping exceeds 50.2 decibels, an 
electric current is administered to the left 
frontal lobe ofthe student's brain, causing the 
student to go into a ve.;alonic but semi-
pleasurable state of conscIOusness. 

B.S . tried his Clapometer out on an 
experimental group of 30 freshman college 
students. The procedure was significantly 
effective in redUCing applause ; however, to 
the experimenter 's surprise, over 50 percent 
of the students developed a salivating 
response to the shock stimulus. Wet lecture 
notes are not conducive to good school 
performance, so the Clapometer and Pavlove 
were trashed . 

So far the only teacher who ha s 
successfully reduced applause inflation is 
Peter Shy of th Physics Department. In the 
middle of his last lecture, Shy will suddenly 
grab his notes and spring out of the door, 
leaving the cIa s stunned and applause 
de,Qrived. 

Unfortunately Shy's success was · 
dampered last quarter when one of his more 
devoted classe ; held an extra class meeting, 
video-taped 20 minutes of uninterrupted 
applause, and mailed it to hi home. 

Clap inflation is nothing to clal> about. We 
need the help or everyone to fight It. If you are 
one of these applause abusers (or know a 
friend who i ) pl~ a e remember to u e the 
clap sparingly. 

The impeccable tandard of the university 
are at stake . 

Wednesday, May 31, 1178 
----

Sports program ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
ment) . I believe we should 
restrict the total number of 
teams, and give scholarships 
on a need basis ." 

Another administrator said, 
"It would be good to pour some 
money into a few teams -
perhaps basketball, wa~er ~olo 
and volleyball. A winning 
attitude would spread from 
team to team. 

"We also need to put some of 
our' teams on a club level, and 
define the difference between 
club and intercollegiate ." 

One administrator said that 
while UCSD should stay away 
(rom football , more money 
should go to teams that could, in 
time, produce revenue through 
spectators. We seem to have 
only . the players in mind now. 
What about the other stu-
dents? " 

According to Sweet, " We are 
strongly commited to .athletes 
as students . We can Improve 
our program through promo-
tion and by getting into a 
conference with teams whose 
philosophy is the same as ours . 
We cannot do it through 
preferential treatment to 
athletes ." 

She added, " We are also 
commited to equality for all of 
the teams. We are bound by 
federal regulation (Title IX) ." 

Another coach agreed with 
Sweet and added, " We are 
proud that our program is not 
like UCLA . I think we have done 
more for athletics with our 
limited funds than any school in 
the country ." 

Cunningham, who is busily 
recruiting despite a lack of 
ava ilable scholarships, wants 
to move his team to the NCAA. 

" In (the NAJA) District 
Three, we are playing small 
schools that have low entrance 

requirements and full rides to , 
most of their pl ayers. We 
played a well against NCAA 
Divis ion Two schools (like 
USD) as schools in our own 
conference. 

"Even If we don't get 
scholarships, I think we would 
attract a better quality scholar· 
athlete if we were competing 
with bigger name schools. I 
also think student.s would then 
be more interested in watch-
ing." 

In general, most coaches and 
other administrators favored 
some type of unequal trea tment 
within the program, even if 
resources might be drawn 
away from their own teams. 
They also favored some need-
scholarships or on-campus jobs 
reserved for athletes. 

Most also favored a cut in 
teams labeled as intercolleg-
iate, moving some to club 
status, thus getting no funding . 

triton times 

wantingto remain in the NAJA 
a nd moving to the NCAA. 

Most coaches expres."ed 
interest in at least one type of 
policy change or another, :Ino 
some thought that the meeting 
last Friday was a step in the 
right direction . 

Another said, "Howard 
(Hunt) and Judy (Sweet) will 
not change their minds no 
matter what the coaches say. J 
think there is more interest 
than usual in these subjects , but 
it will just blow over." 

Both Hunt and Sweet, as well 
as Chancellor McElroy, refuse 
to consider scholarship as an 
option, and cite the last student 
vote on the ubject as proof of 
student support. They say they 
remain open to suggestions 
from any interested parties, 
whether coaches or students. 

One coach said, however, " If 
there is going to be any real 
policy c hanges, all the PE 
s upervisors will have to be 
united . Right now , they 
aren't." 

Page 3 
.........•••••.•...•.••••...•......•............•...••••......•• , 
: Expires June 7, 1978 : 

. TRANSMISSION SPECIAL ~ 
~ $1450: , 8 ~ WON MOST CARS : • . - WITH THIS COUPON reg. $24." : 

• Band Adjustment (wh .... ,pphcable~ : 
: • Change Transmission Fluid • Clean Filter • Adjust Linkage 
: • New Pan Gasket • Road Test • Check Modulator 

Mission Transmission & Brakes 
ALL OUR WORI< IS FULLY GUARANTEED 25 YEARS EXP6RIENCE • 

~ 6131 Mission Gorge Rd. 283-6118 : 
• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ! •••• , 

Call 452-2080 

HOW LONG 
since you've seen 

a DENTIST? 

UCSD DENTAL GROUP 
OPEN ALL SUMMER 

also 
SPOUSES Of STUDENTS 
may have teeth cleaned 

and examined 

Mon-Fri. 8 am-4 pm 

. STUDENT RATES 

You shouldn't have to 
change banks every time 
you change lifestyles. 
Graduation is one time you change lifestyles. But it's cer-
tainly not the only time. 

It happens when you move. It happens when you get 
married . It happens when you ha\(e children, take a new 
job, and so on. 

The point is, you shouldn't have to worry about chang-
ing banks every time it happens. 

And if your bank is Bank of America, you might not have 
to worry at all . 

ahead. And BankAmericard® Visa, and Master Charge~ 
if you qualify, to give you ready credit when you need it. 
We give you a choice of savings plans, too. From Regular 
Savings Accounts to long-term, higher-yield Investors Pass-
books and Certificates of Deposit. 

Later on, whether you need trust services or safe deposit 
service, we can help )OU there, too. In fact, chances are what-
ever changes you make, Bank of America can probably help 
you make them easier. 

For starters, with nearly twice as many locations as any 
other California bank, we're usually close by. If --~ ~~ 
you're moving within California, it's 

We even have available for you a continuing series 
of free Consumer Information Reports, helpful 

easy to transfer your account to 
whichev~r branch is most convenient for you. 

Next, we offer a wide range of checking 
plans to fit )Our changing needs, Like our All· 
in -One~ Checking Plan, with several services 
in one simple package, including Bank-
~erica Travelers Cheques, cornmission-
free when purchased at any of our California 
branches. We also offer loans for important 
needs that may crop up along the roads 

.~~ 

guides on such financial matters as "How 
To Establish Credit:' "Personal Money 

Planner:' and " Ways To Save Your 
Money~' They're available at all our branches 
to help you through some of the changes. So 
why not stop by and talk things over. 

We serve more Californians than any other 
bank. And we'd like to serve you. 



Wednesday 
RamIeY Lewis 'II I be appearing in concert, one night 

only, June 6th, Inttl e Polynesian Room of the Catamaran 
Hotel. Tickets are!, w available in the Sales and Catering 
Office of the hotel ,frl>m 9 amoS pm Mon.-Sat., and they are 
also available at ,14 Jau Shows at the Catamaran. There 
will be two shows. qne at 8: 30 pm, the other at 10: 30 pm. 
Ticket price is t6 .50 advance, $7,50 at the door. 

1-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting medltation. Free. Instruction provided,' if 
desired . Call 7555.95 for information. Location : Zen 
Meditation o{fice, Student Center. 

'am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course paper . For 
appointment call 452-2522. Free. 

10-11 am or II am·l% noon: What Can You Do With Your 
Major? An in(ormal discussion with Math, Engineering and 
Physical Sciences advisor Maxine Bailey about various 
career issues. Location: Career Planning and Placement, 
Bldg. B, Student Center Complex. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first pace to turn to for 
info and rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 &. Dime. 
Phone: 452-2167. 

Noon: UCSD Single Parents Group meets Wednesday 
from noon to 1 pm in Revelle Informal Lounge to discuss 
topics such as " 38 going on 17", sexuality, children in 
transition , letting go of the past, the dating game and single 
parenting. Bring a sack lunch and join the interaction. All 
faculty, staff, students and community single parents are 
welcome. 

12 noon: AMES 205, Seminar No. 4, Film Series. Film: 
"Waves Across the Pacific", 7104 Urey HalJ. Free. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
Noon-I pm : Contraceptive Edu catio n Session : 

Informational discussion; all must attend to receive birth 
control exams . No appt. necessary, located in conference 
room, at Student Health Center. 

12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a 
settif1: for silent sitting meditation . Free. Instruction 
Drov' ed, if desirf;d . Call 755-5995 for information. Location: 
Zen edltation office. Student Center. 

1%-2 pm, 4~ pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony . 
1%-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Cli nic - Free wal k-in 

tutoring help for lower division biology and chemistry 
courses. USB 4010 . 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What Can You Do With Your 
Major? An informal discussion with Math, Engineering and 
Physical Sciences advisor Maxine Bailey about various 
career issues. Location: Muir Apts. Lounge. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Warren: What Can Your Humanities or 
Social Sciences Major Do For You ? Michael Hulfachor the 
H&'SS Career Advisor will be available to discuss options. 
Location: Warren Provost Office. 

3-4 pm: Test Anxiety Reduction Workshop - for students 
experiencing high anxiety in test taking situations. Purpose 
of the workshop is to use stress and anxiety productively. 
Self-hypnosis will be taught during the workshop . 
Facilitators: Hu~h Pates and Mike Henry. Location: 
Revelle Counselor s Office. Free. Call Yolanda at x3490 to 
sign up. 

4 pm: UCSD New Poetry Series Reading: David Bromige 
reads his poetry. Revelle Formal Lounge. 

4-5 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room . 
4-5 pm: Karate . West Balcony. 

4~ pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Class. Contact 
Physical Education Office (or info - 452-4032. Location: 
South Balcony of the Main Gym . 

S pm: Jazz Dance. West Balcony. 
S-S: 4S pm: Conditioning Workshop. Wrestling Room . 

5~ pm: SATCH - Students Active Toward Community 
Health: General Meeting. Topic: Election of officer for Fal 
'78 and activities program. North Conference Room. Free. 

6 pm. Bicycle Maintenance Class. Free. Fix your own 
wh_l" 111''''" hr,, \c,," ptr RileI' ShOD. the Student Center. 

6-10 pm: Ballroom Dance. Rec. Conf. Room . 
S prrHl: mIdnight: ~'OCUS: StuJent Helpline - 452-4455. 

We' re " hear" to listen. Muir Commons. 
6: 30 pm·IE midnight: ASUCSD Council Meeting North I 

Conf. Room. Free a nd open to the general public. 
7 pm: Have ¥ou ever thought about the purpose to life? 

Some people thlDk it's to make money, but not it's not. It's to 
be happy. More than anything else our Heavenly Father 
wants us to be happy and to live with Him in His kingdom . 
That is why we have been given the scriptures; guideline to 
follow so we can kow what to do to bring us the greatest , 
lasting happiness . Pray to have the Holy Ghost with you so 
you will be humble and hence teachable. Exercise your faith 
and experiment on these words . Come to LDS Institute class 
at the little white house across from Tenaya Hall. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info 
ana rap. Located In Muir Commons, next to 5 &. Dime. 
Phone: 452-2167 . . 

8 pm: "Gu¥s and Dolls" directed by guest director Sabin 
Epstein. Pre¥nted in lean theatre form . John Muir Theatre 
HSS 2250 . Admission: $1.00 at the door only . 

8 pm : Speaking Engagement for Candidates for 
Superintendent of Public Schools. Revelle Cafeteria. Free . 

8 pm: Graduate Repertory Season, including the following 
production: Invitation to the Chateau, directed by Jennifer 
Parent. UCSD Theatre. Admission: Students $2 .00, General 
$3.00, available at UCSD Theatre Ticket Office, weekdays 
from noon-4 pm, and evenings of performance at 7: 15 pm. 

8-10: 15 pm: Film. The film " Don Quixote de la Mancha" a 
classic, will be shown for the benefit of the Spanish speaking 
and of the university as a whole because it has English 
subtitles. Revelle Side Door. Free. Sponsored by Spanish 
Speakjng Club. 

S pm·12 midni,bt: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable 
gathering place for students which offers nightly 
entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and activities that 
encourage interaction. Telephone: 452-3092 (evenings) for 
updated program hfllrmation . 711 Warren Campus. Free . 

8: 30 pm: Three c lmedians from " The Comedy Store" will 
perform for 90 IT i'1'Jtes Free. Sponsored by University 

rEvents Office; thal,kmg the university community for their 
support 1977-78. Ml i.I1 Cafeteria . Free. 

1~hursday 
I 

6-7 am: Meditatio," Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting medItation. Free. Instruction provided, if 
desired . Call 755· 5~95 for information. Location : Zen 
Meditation office, Btadcllt Center. 

'am-S pm: Writhg Clinic - Help with course paper . For 
appointment call 452"-2522. 1254 HL. Free. 

fO am ... pm: Annual Crafts Center Spring Ceramic Sale. 
Crafts Center. 

10-11 amorll am-1Znoon: Warren: What Can You Do With 
Your Major ? An informal discussion with Mat h , 
Engineering and Phy ical Sciences advisor Maxine Bailey 
about various career I ue . Warren Provo t Office . 

Open 10 am·S pm: Page On is the first pia to turn to for 
info and rap. Loca ed In Muir Common, next to 5 &. Dime. 
Phon : 452-2167 . 

1%: 00 noon: BioDhvsics minar. Sneaker: Dr. Robert D 

Gennis : Univ. o( illinois. Topic: Pyruvate Oxidase: A 
Membrane Enzyme. Location: MH 3405 . 

12 noon: Noon Concert - musical. Alcove, Mandeville 
Center. Free. 

12 noon-l pro: Meet UCSD Women Professors at an 
informal brown bag discussion. This week Dr. Ranjini 
Obeyesekere . Literature , will be available for 
questions/discussion. Women 's Center. 

12 noon·1 pm: Dr. Paul Saltman will discuss his current 
research interests in an informal brown bag lunch session in 
the Revelle Communitr Center. Lemonade and coffee 
provided. Part of on·gomg Faculty Noon Seminar Series 
sponsored by Revelle Program Board. 

12 noon·1 pm: MPriitatlOn Center of UCSD provide a 
setting for silent sitting meditation . Free. Instruction 
provided, if desired. Call 755-5995 for information. Location: 
Zen Meditation office, Student Center. 

12-2 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room . 
12-2 pm, 4~ {1m: Gymnastics . South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: BIOlogy-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in 

tutoring help for lower division biology and chemistry 
courses. USB 4010. 

1:00 pm: Plasma Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. David 
Book, NRL. Topic: Linear Stability of Self Similar Flow: 
Applications to Supernova and Laser Pellet Imploston. 
LOOation: MH 1205. 

What's 
On: 

May 311 
June 4 

A Weekly Guide 
to On-Campus 

Events 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: What Can Your Humanities or 

Social Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the 
H&SS Career Advisor will be available to discuss options. 
Please call 452-4390. Location: Bldg. 412, Room L3 . 

3:00 pm: Astrophysics-Space Physics Seminar. Speaker: 
Dr. H.C. Arp, Hale Observatories. TopiC: Further evidence 
tbat some quasars are not as theIr redshift distances. 
Location: TLH 104 . 

3:30-5 pm: Graduate Student Group - This group for 
graduate students will focus on interpersonal and social 
concerns. Dan Munoz and Susan Hauer, facilitators . For 
additional information and to sign up call Dan Munoz at 
x3S85. 2105 Humanities &. Social Sciences Building. 

4-5 pm: Karate . North Balcony. 
4-6 pm : Yoga. Adaptive Room. 
• pm: Advanced Bicycle Maintenance Class. For the 

sligliUy skilled bike rider/mechanic - fix your own bike. 
BiKe Shop ~he Student Center. Free. 

.-, pm: BlOlogy-ChemJstry Clinic - Free walk-in tutorin,g 
help for lowercfivision biology and chemistry courses. USB 
4010. 

S pm-lZ midnlaht: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. 
We're " hear" to listen. Muir Commons. 

7 pm: Surf Club meeting. APM 2250. 
7-9 pm: Juggling. Rec. Conf. Room . 
7-10 pm: Fencing. West Balcony. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info 

and rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 &. Dime. 
Phone: 452-2167. 

7 pm and 9:30 pm showings: Films: " Reefer Madness", 
"Sex Madness", plus shorts . A "Sex, Drugs and Violence 
Film Festival. " USB 2722. Admission: $1.25. Sponsored by 
Graphis (Friends of the Print Coop) . 

8 pm: " Guys and Dolls" - See Wednesday, May31 at8 pm 
for deta its. 

8 pm: Graduate Repertory Season including the following 
production: Dream Play , by Stundberg, directed by Peter 
Hackett . UCSD Thea.tre . Admission : Stud nts, $2 .00 , 
General $3.00 , available at UCSD Theatre Ticket Office, 
weekdays from noon-4 pm, a nd venings of performance at 
7: IS pm. 

8 pm: Concert oir - Gerry Gable director. Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

8 pm-12 midnight: Th Outback a f is a omfortable 
gat heri ng place for s tudents which offers nighU y 
ente rtainment, a varietyof refr shm nts, and activiti th 1 
encourage interaction . Phone: 452-3092 ( veni ngs) fo r 
updated program information . 711 Warren Campu . Free. 

10: 30 pm: l ce Hockey. Mira Mesa House of Ice 

Friday 
6-7 am: Meditation enter of UCSD provides a setting for 

silent sitting meditation . Free . Instruction provided , if 
desired . Call 755-5995 for information . Location : Zen 
Meditation office, Student Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with cour e papers. f'or 
appointment ca ll 452-2522 . 1254 HL. Free. 

10-1 I am or II am-12 noon: Revelle: What Can You Do With 
Your Major? An informal di sc ussion with Mat h , 
Engineering and Phy ica l Sciences advisor Maxine Ba iley 

bout variou ca reer issue . Location: Revelle Provost 
Office. 

Open 10 amoS pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for 
info and rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 &. Dime. 
Phone: 452-2167. 

10 am~ pm: Annual Crafts Center Spring Ceramics ale. 
Crafts Center. 

10: 15 am: Ice Skating. Ice Capades Cha let. 
12-1 pm: Weight Maintenance Group. Thi group will u e a 

behavior modifica tion approach toward maintai ning 
desired weight. It will include re-learning of eating patterns , 
and behavior a socia ted with food and eating will be taught . 
Sharing of solutions, group problem-solving and discussion 
will go on . 412 Warren Campus. Call x3755. Diane Evan , 
facilitator. 

1% noon-1 pm: Medita tion Center of UCSD provides a 
setting for silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction 
provided, if desired. Call 755-5995 for informa tion. Location: 
Zen Meditation office , Student Center. 

12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free wa lk-in 

tutoring help for lower division biology and chemistry 
courses. US B 4010. 

2 pm: Public Seminar by: Professor Robert Rodgers. 
Dept. of Classics UC. Berkeley . Title: The Greek Geoponica 
and the Traditions of Agricultural Literature. 5086 H&SS, 
Muir. 

4-5 pm: Ka rate . orth Ba lcony. 
4~ pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room . 
4~ pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Cia . Contact 

PhYSical Education Office for info - 452-4032 . Location: 
South Balcony of the Main Gym. 

:; pm: " ... Of Many Things" a poetry reading by Ray 
Fleming . P&'L 1110. 

5 pm·midnight: Need a quiet , supportive place to study on 
Friday nights? ·Students for Supportive Allopathic Study 
(SSAS) will open Garren Auditorium , BSB 1105 , to all UCSD 
students as a study hall on Fridays from 5 pm-12 midnight. 
All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

6 pm-l2 midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. 
We're " hear" tolisten. Muir Commons. 

7: 30-9: 30 pm: Wheelchair Basketball - UCSD varsity vs. 
Silver Wheels . Discount ticket for Friday Night Fever for 
those who attend. Half time - see the admiDlstrators play. 
Main Gym . Free. 

7:30-11:30 pm: Movies - " The Point " and " Myra 
Breckenridge". Reve lle Cafeteria. Admission: UCSD 
students: $1.00 . Sponsored by Revelle Resident Dean's 
Office. 

8 pm: " Guys and Dolls" - See Wednesday, May 31 at8 pm 
for details . 

8 pm: 201 Concert - Graduate Student Performance 
Ensemble - musical. Recital Hall , Mandeville Center. 

Friday Night Fever - California 's finest disco. Muir 5 & 
Dime. $1.00. 

Saturday 
8: 30 amoS pm: " Art and Movement Therapy for Couples", 

a UC San Di!!go Extension worksh~p providin,g a unique 
opportunity for couples to enhance rela tionships with others 
and between themselves. Techniques include relaxation , 
personal and hared imagery, use of space. University 
Extension Classroom, Bldg. 103A, Administrative Complcl 
(formerly Matthews Campus), UCSD. Fee: $40, includes 
materials. 

9 am-5 pm: "Freein~ the Voice", a UC San Diego 
Extension workshop deSigned to help partic ipa nts reduce 
tensions and experience what a free voice " feels" like . 
Method used is employed at most major residential theatres 
and professional acto r training programs in the U.S. and 
England . Drama Dept. , 409 Warren Campus (formerly 
Matthews Cam pus), UCSD. Fee : $36. 

5 pm: Ca tholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 
La Jolla Shores Drive . 

S pm-12 midnigbt: Need a quiet place to study Saturday 
niglit? Students for SUPf0rtive Allopathic Study, a student 
organization open to al UCSD students, will open Garren 
Auditorium BSB 1105 as a study hall on Saturday nights . Al 
a re welcome. BSB 1105. 

6 pm-12 midnigbt: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. 
We 're " hear" to listen. Muir Commons. 

8 pm: Graduate Repertory Season - see Thursday, June 1 
at 8 pm for details. 

8 pm: "Guys and Dolls" - See Wednesday, May31 aU pm 
for details. 

8: 3G pm· IZ mldnil ht: Polka Night - polka and other 
ethnic dances, music by a brass band . Revelle Cafeteria . 
Admission: UCSD student SOt, otber '1.00. Sponsored by 
UCSD German House. 

Sunday 
8: 30 am: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
10 am: Lay-led Lutheran Matins worship service 

University·Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. . 
10: 30 am: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
12: 03 pm: Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community 

Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
.1 pm:. Cent.er for Psychological Revolutin . Introductory 

·vldeo-dlscusslon.-programs on a new way to organize life . 
1529 Hornblend Street, Pacific Beach. 273-4673. Free. 

S pm: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church . 6-' pm: Biolop'-Chemistry Clinic· Free walk·in tutoring 
help for lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 
4010. 

6 pm-12 mldnlgbt: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. 
We 're "hear" to llsten . Muir Commons. 

OjM!D 7-10 pm: Palle One is the first place to turn to for info 
ana rap. LOcated ID Muir Commons, I1exl to 5 &. Dime. Phone: 452-2167. . 

8 pm: Jazz oncert - UCSD Jazz Ensembl Dire ted by 
Howle Smith . Recita l Hall , Mandeville Center. 

8 pm·12 mldnl.ht: Tbe Outback Cafe I a comfortable 
gathering pl ace [or tudents whi ch offers nightly 
entertai nm nt, a varietyofr rreshment ,anda Uvities that 
encourag interacUon. Telephon : 452-3092 ( venings) for 
updated program information. 711 Warl!.n.fampus. Free. 

CQmmentar~ 
TT day care editorial 
undermined student power 

May IS 's editorials showed a lack of.unde~ tanding. B: nd ~n a nti · 
tudent bia , xtreme even for th Triton Tim . Consld rlOg the 

vast amounts of literature avai lable on the Day Core s truggle, und 
the superb understa nding of th issues involved that was printed in 
the new indicator ' last issue . we ar ha rd pres ed to justify what 
appear to be a m a licious attempt to und rmine tudent power. 

The TT's proposal to increase parents ' fees is ab urd . lRO is 
OT "a good bargain for childcare ." Espe ially not forthe type of 

ca re the TT go s on to recomm nd . The editoria l uggests hiring 
"UCSD students, especially those on work study, .. . Pcrhapc; 
student volunteers could receive acastemic c redit for working at 
the center." That this would c ui costs is undeniable . It would a lso 
cut the quality of Day Ca re to the point where th center would be 
just a nother baby sitti ng operation indistinguishable from the 
franchised cente rs in the a rea. 

The Progressive Coalition is a tudent organization founded to 
implement the progressive stand taken by ludenls in la t year' 
referendum . 

This is exactly what we are fighting a ga inst. Parents do not want 
to send their children to a ba by s itting operation , they want th~ir 
children to receive qua lity day care . They want day ca re whIch 
educates their children , which lets " c hildren have the opportunity 
to discover a nd be themselves," and recognizes "that ch ildren 
need the time to interact and xplore the world in a s cure 
environment and to realize that all things are possible in that 
world ." (new indicator , May 16-29, page 4) . And 4,000 students 
signed petitions supporting the par nts ' right to that kind of · 
quality day care. 

The TT goes on to denigrate th process through which the 
decision to fund day care was made . They ex press concern 
because Reg Fee gave in to the demands of 4,000 stud~nt 
signatures, 2 si t-ins in the Cha ncellor' office, 500 students rallYlOg 
in s upport and 21 arrestees . Would the TT have preferred tha t Reg 
Fee wait for more arrests before giving in to students? 

The Reg Fee Committee was unwilling to fund day ca re on the 
trength of over 4,000 student signatures. Thus other tactics were 

necessary. Day care supporters mobilized mass student support, 
and the TT would have Reg Fee overlook that support to uphold 
some obscure bureaucratic principles . Why shouldn't the 
committee, which distributes student money, be vulnerable to 
student demands? 

In the editorial which followed the TTshowed its inability to cope 
with protest. The TT claims that, " The day ca re supporters let 
themselves become carried away by their romantic vi ions of 
Sixties-like protests ."- The TT a pparently is incapable of 
understanding that protests are not a unique phenomena of the 
Sixties but have occurred throll!Zhout much of history , and-WIll 
continue to occur so long as a s ma ll group ins ists on m aintaining 
its stranglehold over society. When we protest we are reacting to 
very real elements of society; whether they be investments in 
Sout h Africa , the Ba kke deci sion , the CIA , or day care. 

Contrary to the TT' misconception , going to jail is not fun . 
Going to jail is a major hassle. The state makes every attempt to 
make every aspect of going to jail as traumatic as possible. There 
comes a point, however , when one must be willing to .make that 
sacrific in order to convince one ' s opponents of the serIOusness of 
the i sue. The Administration was not impressed by arguments, 
they laughed at 4 ,000 signatures , but when we sa t in the 
Chancellor's office, and later went to jail , we got the money . 

The TT c laims th at parents turned down a last minute 
compromise from the Reg Fee Committee last Friday . This is 
blatantly untrue. The Reg Fee offer was unofficial , a nd far from 
reliable . In a ddition, police would not allow discussion of the offer 
to occur. 

By winning a pa rtial victory aga ins t the Administration, day 
ca re suppo rters h ave shown that the m yth of ~ tud en t 
powerles ness, whic h media like the TT strive to uphold , IS bogu~ . 
The Administration can not re ist unified mass movements, If 
those movements have the s tre ngth to persevere . We can gain 
control of this university , if we so desire , for not only is it possib.1e 
to make changes a t thi s university, but it has been, and Will 
continue, to be, done . 

THE PROGRESSIVE COALITION 

BEACHWEAR SPECIALS 

TERRYCLOTH 
HALTERS 

$1 .~ 

TERRYCLOTH 
SHORTS 

$4.49 WET Swimwear 
$5"-$1 0" 

DITTOS 
SHORTS 

$5." 

DITTOS 
SUMMERTOPS 

$1 .~-$3~ 

PLUS MEN'S BEACHWEAR $4,49_$999 

5887 Unlve r.lty Ave 
("It. door to the Cln.rama Theat,e) 

Phone 287-'180 
Hr.: Mon-Frl: 10-' Silt: 10-6 Sun' 12-5 

BankAmericard Mastercharge 

triton times 

Porting Is 
such sweet sorrow ... 

Say Good-bye or 
Good Riddance 

in the 1T 

FAREWEll 
PERSONALS 

15~ each 
adline: Tuesday, June 6, 5 pm 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
*LOW COST 
*CONFIDENTIAL 

*STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

BOBBY KELTON 
JEFF DEHART 

GAIJ .. AGHER 
at Muir Cafeteria 

Wednesday, May 31, 8:30 

University Events Office 

Pav-5 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

da~ tpJ« 1M ~ ~ 
tUt'li"f 1977-1 III 

sava S S S lOr Jour 
or 
r-------------~-----------------I 
I c.\ ' I 
1 \1.\~. ," 1 
I ~ WITH OUR TUNE-UP I 
I I 

--------~------------------------r------------------------------- I 
I TUne-lII_ : 
I 125.95 (REG. $35) vw ••• 95 (REG. $55) 1IIIIIIII 11 I ON MOST ..... ON MOST ---
I (EXCLUDING ' 72 AND LATER BUSES) 1 I ALL PARTS AND LABOR GUARANTEED FOR 2 MOS. OR 2.000 MILES I 
I TUNE·UP FOR YOUR VW OR DATSUN- INCLUDES' PLUGS, POINTS, I CONDENSOR, VALVE COVER GASKETS, ADJUSr VALVES, ADJUST CARBURETOR . CLEAN I DISTRIBUTOR . CHECK PLUG WIRES, SET DWELL AND TIMING. OIL CHANGE . GASKETS & FILTERS I L ______ ~ ________________________ ~ 

r----------ariliiSDiiif----------; 
I WE WILL : REPLACE ALL BRAKES . MACHINE A LL DRUMS, PACK I I lor FRONT BEARINGS, REPLACE FRONT SEALS. I 
I lour. @,~!~ or Datsun $,M~.!~ ! 
I . ALL PARTS & LABOR I DISC BRAKES SLIGHTL Y HIGHER - NO HYDRAULICS INCLUbED • 
~ __________ ~~~~~~~~~~~ _ ________ ~J 

~uto 
DATSUN & VOLKSWAGEN 

INDEPENDENT PARTS . REPAIR . SERVICE 
4887 VOLTAIRE STREET. OCEAN DEACH 
4600 EL CAJON BL VD., EAST SAN DIEGO 

... .. _. 

PLEASE PRESENT THE ABO V COUPON BEFORE SERVICE. 
OFFER OFFER EXPIR ESJUNE 30,1978 



...... triton times Wedneld.y. M.y 31. "78 

For the loye of It OIal of 1fiu 3}olla: 
HAIR STYLISTS 

___ ---W-"7 Championship runner aids women 

•• 43 LA JOLLA .LVD. 

Bird Rock 

Quality Hoir Styling 
For Men & Women 

w. UMend Sell 

~ a.uty Products 
454.61 17 

• • • • • • • • • • • 

by Karen Hunter After arriving in the US, 
Staff Writer Parnell formed the Spartan 

"You guys would take the Athletic Club in Brockton, 
bloody sweats off my back jf I Massachusetts in 1959. Out of 
let you ," laughed Graham this club emerged several 
Parnell as his faithful crew Olympians and internationally 
Prepared for an early morning famous runners , including members of the US Cross 
ruu' was 6 am on a Monday Country Ski team. Although he 

. t L J 11 Sh was good enough to make the 
mornlOg a a 0 a ores team, Parnell learned he was 
beach. The sun was up but! had ineligible due to cilizensllip 
my doubts as to what I was requirements. As a panacea, he 
doing out of bed at this early took up coaching. 
hour, especially on a Monday. "Coaching is my thing. It 

Through the grapevine I comes second nature to me 
. heard famous marathoner since I like to help people to do 

, r
· ... ·.·.-.-.~ .......... "ti==~ from Great Britain was at things," he admitted frankly . . 

UCSD helping out the women's As a coach, Parnell feels his 
cross country team. Being a strength is his ability to easily 
loyal fan of long distance change his students' charac-
running, I naturally wanted to ters . "I can accomplish all 
investigate further. 1 would different classes of runner _ 

I I g~:~~J~a~~ll~~a~g~o~~ see from beginning joggers all the 
I As the group of runners set off way u~ to cha~pionship ~a ter-I up the hill toward Scripps ia!. What makes a coach IS the 

Expires June 9, 1978 

Two Slices of 
Pepperoni Pizza 

and Salad I 
Institution, Parnell climbed ability to take the average person and make him into a I back into his van. runner," Parnell noted . He 

I "H h d ' t says he doesn ' t look for e says e oesn runners: " . create them." I. look for runners: 'I What made Graham Parnell 
want to help the Tritons' 

I create them'." women's team? 
" I can make the UCSD I I " Doesn't he run?" I asked to women the best team within I I a girl jogging next to me. She California in two years," I I laughed and replied, "Are you Parnell boasted, and added 

I I. kidding? He hasn't run in over a with a grin, "As long as I don't year." die." I I " Oh," I thought. This seemed "This is the best place in the 
• odd. A famous distance runner world to run. There is no I I. who hasn't run in more than pressure from the athletic 
• twelve months . SomettJing department, no pressure on I worth checking into. me, and thus, no pressure on 
II •• 'e don't cut corners. I Later on, after the torturous the girls." WW~ morning run was completed, 1 The women's program will 
I I chatted with Parnell and found offer the opportunity .lor 
I II' out he had suffered a back competition for every member. La Jolla injury 18 months ago and was "The last person on the team is • I stil convalescing. just as important to me as the 
.1 Parnell's running days first. Everyone needs some 912 Silverado • started almost 30 years ago in encouragement to find and 
I 454-3131 I Great Britain while training for recognize their own limita-

. I · a semi-professional soccer t' .. 'd P II " H 
• Also available at our other 7 locations I league . At the urging of a e~e~~aU:aa~iSO~~~:q~alto~~~ I friend, he entered a cross people who bave the desire to 
I with this • country race, finishing 13th out run. As long as they want to run, 

L ~ • of 15 entrants. Nonetheless, he 1 don't care how fast , I'll take • ~ became hooked onjogging, now anybody." ••••• l~~ ......... a widespread disease running Parnell also stressed the ~~ . . rampant througboutthe United importance at UCSD of 
GRADUATION 

SPECIAL 

12 Long-Stemmed Roses 

Now Only 

$8.95 

-~ 

States and Europe. organizing workouts according 
After quitting soccer, Parnell to academic schedules. " I know 

became the top runner in his that academics are given top 
club just two months later< The priority here . I feel that 
following year, he won the running can be arranged to 
club's mile run championship compliment the academic 
in4:37, his first attempt ever on workload. Altbough I can work 
an actual track. up a practice schedule and give 

Combining natural ability, the instruction on how to train, 
determination and hard work, it is U}/ to the girls to go out and 
Parnell was on his way to do it. 
becoming one of Britain ' s Parnell obtained his US 
premier distance runners. " I citizenship in 1972 while living 
guess racing was always in in San Diego, enabling him to 
me ," Parnell observed . " I represent the United States in 
wanted to be a race car driver, the Masters Division of the 
but runninB Wll <;~afer ':":;;:===~;;:;;;:~~ 

FR1DAY DITE 
rL~'KI 

w:xxJ( 
ALLEN 
DIME 
KEA1O'l 
lCNY 
ROBERTS 
CARa... -----:~~ ~: - Offer expires June 30 
~ cilsh and r;,rrv only 

KAI'I: 
-. ~ 

....;; SIWO'J 
Si-ELLEY 
DUVALL 
JANET 
MARGOlIN 
CHRlS'TtJPr IE r~ 
WALKEN 

L l Jolla University Florists 
University Towne Centre 

Suite D-2 
(across from the Sears Garden Shop) 

453-5022 
Major Credit Cards Accepted 

'ANNIE HALL:' 
E N 
DfWHlJ~ST 

Friday, June 2 7 .nd 9:30 pm M.ndeville Auditorium 
Central Box Office , 452-4559 

Unlverslt Events Ollie. 

International Championships 
in Germany. The US hopeful in 
the marathon, Parnell led the 
pack at 17 miles. At this point, 
two cyclists directly in front of 
him collided. Parnell became 
entangled with them and was 
forced to drop out of the 
competition. 

Soon thereafter another piece 
of bad luck struck. 

" London was another disas-
ter story," Parnell explained . 
" I was running second place in 
a cross country championship 
when the mishap occured. The 
people who were directing the 
runners pointed me down the 
wrong path . Needless to say, I 
didn 't win. Later that evening, 1 
was mugged by four guys in 
London. While running away 1 
set a new record for the 
hundred yard dash. To round 
out my weekend, the next day 1 
feel in the steeplechase event." 

Not all disaster 
Not all of Parnell's stories 

are disasters. In 1970 and 1971 
he won the Masters Marathon 
Championships. In 1972 Parnell 
knocked 32 seconds off the 
record while winning the 
Masters Steeplechase. The 
next day he set a new Masters 
record in the .Mission Bay 
Marathon. 

"To be a champion you have 
to know what you are getting 
into. It takes sacrifices . 
Running can become an 
obsession . What is most 
important is to have the ability 
to turn it off. " 

Running, however, doesn 't 
rule Parnell's life. He has 
raised two motherless children 
for the past 13 years. Besides 
ownmg a construction com-
pany, he sings in the UCSD 
Civic Ch.orus. San Die~o Opera 
Company, the Symphonic 
Chorale and serves as the AAU 
long distance running chair-
man for San Die~o . 

"My heart rate was 
down to 37 when 1 
was in training. 1 
was aiming for a 
beat a week." 

Parnell volunteers his time at 
UCSD because he loves the 
sport and the challenge it 
presents. He sees his biggest 
obstacle as being the problem 
of getting girls out for the cross 
country team. 

"Too many runners have 
been pushed too hard in high 
school by overbearing, de-
manding coaches. They are 
sick of running on teams. Worst 
of all, they don't view the coach 
as a friend they can turn to for 
advice." 

Currently, Parnell is organiz-
ing a campuswide " His and 
Her" relay to be held on 
Saturday, June 3. He is hoping 
to drum up some interest 
among the students in running 
and in the team. 

Parnell has some interesting 
views on the current running 
craze sweeping San Diego and 
the nation. 

"It is fantastic for everyone 

who wants to run as long as they 
keep running in perspective . 
Too many people try to overdo 
it. " 

Speaking as a champion who 
has stopped running, Parnell 
admits that it is hard for him 
now to believe the excellent 
phYSical condition he was in 
several years ago. " My heart 
rate was down to 37 when I was 
in training. I was aiming for a 
b at a week." 

Parnell ' s sense of humor and 
retaxed manner make him a 
very easy person to talk with 
and run for . With hi d dication 
and xpertise UCSD may oon 
have a women ' cro country 
t am that p ople will know 
about. 

w~n.ld.y. M~.2Y~3~1 .~1~9~78~ ____ ~ _________ ~ _______________ tr_it_o_n_t_im __ es _____________________________________ ~-------p~---7 

Classifieds A LECTURE ON ... 
personals 

ThOBe n u l I n th e- t.I~1 1S . h ou ld li hu t -up 

Elvi COJIt'1I0 tlckel loll l 5/23 Would upp rt"Cl...tte IL,II 
~I um by $/31 P~ase turntn ut pohce wtiun or(,0611 
J im "t 270 U13 . ,$t311 
LoI' Iliver ci ..... 1e c ... from PeilU.,. ft it of 

i.fiDl~ .... 1 ......... 1 value. PLEASE PLEASE 
RET RN . Reward offered. C.II .4514 or 43J.f717. 
1SS-772I (51311 
The Muir' Tnke Race acheduled rorJune3 hal been 
ca ncelled 11m 
To Bob Ifrom Alberta) The BLACK PARTY won 't 
be the aame next yurunlHl you decide on UCSB. -
Rhonda 1117) 

for sale 
1975 SUlukl.treet bike. 2SOcc, ,ood condltion. SlDO, 
7~1I! eves. 15/311 

'11 Ford MuslHnae MtM:h I 351...,.V, power steenn • . 
bra ke Qutomatic . radi.-I . I owner . xlnt cond 12395 
212- 92 16121 

RUI'. I %.U - S30 I 2", - $1 5. Honed ,old foa m 
Pc.d 5 ttvaildblt . Good cond ition d 047. /61:1 1 

Ya rd Sale - Silt '" un .. Jun. 3 '" 4. 10·5 Double 
bed , liinele box prints . maltres , dinJnI room 
table , 3 a rmchulrs. b iG l'a rpe l. chest or dr .. ",'ers. 
delk typewriter 2 TV , la mp, book s h Ive . cinder 
blocks. 3 MFA delrces. uod mo~ Old Me.~ ApLS .. 
3951 .8 Miramar Roud . u. J ollu (6 /2) 

Root hea\'dy " ' ith the soundsort heGr"l~(ul Dead in 
('On{'t! n by tilpe delu)' INo lie) - Dor Tmunder 
1968 Cutli:tss Olds Good ('ood For more mfo , Call 
Jane a t 4~2 - 1 432 16111 

Seed t ruruporta l lon home:' 68 Mere Wa l on 10 pa 
r&.l ck , 1111 power. AC, r UM grrat SA50 -137-9758 e\'es 
,6121 

1W77&wvus Moped <:oodl'OfMhtlOn .ll reatsummer 
Ira n portOil tion l..ed\' lnl st .. te·must sell' Cull "53-
77« 16191 
Tra ilwiM Fill2 tent lISO; TraJlwi.e DO. 73 pac k lIS, 
Northface SorTOW Parka m : NF Bilfoot Ba, 145: 
Rollei lSrS with Rollei E1SBOaah. Neverutoed , Ull on 
wa rranty I have receipu. 11 5$2'72-.3202 before 9 am 

'12 VW Ca mper54K ·m i. Great 5hape'" Hitachi IWoW 
TV 25. 10 Speed bike m Call Kerry W · 11I38 ev 
(51!1) 
ktbrd: l.oIan E. rthSkJ board . Gull Win, lruckl, It 

wheels. H. rdly ever used $55. Call Jeff, 45HtlI8 
(5/ 311 
Sale Piano uprieht excellent condition 490 or best 
o ff e r . Cali Joe eve n . n, 412 · 8961 . (5 / 31 ) 

, . " ruu divina wetsun never been u.std for 10m one 
under 5'7" '" div,nl Jackel liS .aU 452-93ee Bria. 
(St31 ) 

10- peed men s . Itoh Japanese I Icing bicycle 
Looks ne'" Ii rot II OOta ke. it J ..... 571,,)113 am 15/31) 

servjces 
T), ping - Marilyn would like 10 fulfill your typlna: 
necds- e lCpert. , reasonable, hal IBM ca ll270..f128 
16191 

'Ii EED TVPfST' Reuonable rstell experienced 
C3 11 .f ' e r I~ 30 K at h. e 2,g · 92t9 (~/ 9 I 
P rofe.§&lon,,1 T YPing Reasona bl e Ha l es Itl M 
Cor rectlnl SelectriC. Call ror I"ree Estlm"le Ga ll 
411 ·7540 16191 

PROFESSION AL T\' PING reiuondble r ll te.s 
Villaie Secreta riat . I~ Prospt"l' t 00 :.!~ . La JoUJ 
' 54-6316 (TBA ' 
Ty pina, u pe r ie nced , the' is • d isse rtallo n . 
reuonable rales, quality gua ranteed. Ca ll Candy 
270-223fi 16/ 21 

T)'plII&-4! ~rie ICed reliable. rea GOBble IBM correcll~g ele 'lnt Cull anytime 455-0.27, Mn 
Old. t6l1l1 

TVPfNG ' IBM Sol.-ctric lenn ""."ro. ,he . P hD. 
d .. sertalions . edillng • • RUSH JOB~ - 45HIIS6. 560-
1171 . :!8&-' 93(I OM· I"," "19' 

housing 
2 roomm .. te. F wa nted P laymor Condo; nen 
U D. Own room. Pool . Call Sandy 45t-7177:'.arty 
am or eve. (612) 

T wo fema le roomates wanted condo VI block beach 
Leucadia 112:1 • month call (213) .37-4121 u k for 
Connie (5131) 

t male room male needed ror "11·'7'1 school year 
oc e. n f ro n t in De ' M a r 755 · 711 77 15 / 31 ) 

TUT ",1'AllATlOII 
.... ClAU.n .1_ 1_ 

Visit Our Cent,r. 
And SIt 'Of Yourllif WIIr We .... Tilt DIff.rtftCt 

tall o.YI, Ev.s , W'Htftdl 
S.nO...,c.n .... 
2110 a .. net A .... 

Pecific auch 92101 

Phone 1711. 27"'11 

Gir1l 2 lurni.hed room.!5 mile. from ca mpw in 0 
Clalremont quiet Ule of kl l.dlen 1100 rno Bob rn· 
53M 1112) 
Are you IImg your Mesa Sum mer Cuntract" I 
want \0 bu y It rrom ) 'OU I Plea e ca ll Sut' 4.5~ 94 

Homey plu{'rln Del Mi:lr I blkbeach ror umm rand 
I('hool y ar Older i t udt-n l prer 51 50 48 H 64ge\cs 
15131) 
Summer in Berkeley" Sublel 6/~1I5. 1 bdrm , 
lum. pool . near UC ~tmth 415-14HU9 II t 51 
Summer Suble1 - I ~ June-5 nf ~ bedroom a pt . 2 
blOCH from beac " I or! wonl~ , . ,.?"smoken onl)' 
1230 418 .... 12 16/~1 

travel 
CIEE announce. new , app r uved ONE· WA .... 
CHARTERS! Confirmed ..... ca. oow be boobd to 
Paris , Am.lt'rdlm. Zurich! Price. belln at Ji2;45 
from San Francilco/Lol A~les, $1W9 from New 
York. FlYln, round· trip the price 10f" down when 
you CGmbine any two CIEE filehta that SUll your 
sche<iul f!! Select your own route ' Come Me UI at 
CIEE Silldeni Travel ~.rvic .. UCS D Student 
Center B-023 La J oll • . CAI2eI3 17 141452-0130 Ope. 
week.da y. from 11-.3 ITBA ) 

lost & found 
Found I::I\' i5 Coslfllo ueket nfiJr M")l'r Hull 
Jdentlf)' .seat numbt-r unci ro.. Ask for Rolie .. ~-
0522 

wanted 
Ear n ' -men , 21 ·50, need ed ror Pl ychol os ica l 
experimentlin La J olla Plea se call ~2"'7S0 . Leave 
name (l it) 

'JOIY Dlmen Ion Ce'.Amil Sa l ~ J unt! 3 fS~tI 10 no· 
S,OO pm J une " ISun l 12 004 00 1J0l 1733 Ad.mu 

\'t! ((.'o rner Pd rk ~ , nd AddmS ) 

z······················· : Buy Your : 
: FAREWEll E 
: PERSONAL i 
· .. : Now I! .. ~ ..................... .. 

.• ********* •••• *.**.****\ 
: Make UCSD a Fun PI~ce : 
.. .. 

.. .. 

: If you like to dance, party, or: 
: just socialize and meet new people: 
: Join the UCSD Social Club : 
: Take advanlaie of the only on-: 
! campus datill service, available: 
!to club members only. .. 
: To find out mor., com. to our: 
: meetlnl: .. 
.. .. 

.. .. 

.. ! 
: Friday. June 2 ; 
.. 3:00 pm .. 
.. .. 

: East Conference Room : 
: Student Center : 

.. 

: Join in and make UCSO .. 
: more than just a school! : 
-*********.************, 

JEWISH 
MYSTICISM 

by 
ART·HUR GREEN 
Prof. of Chassidism & Mysticism 
The University of Pennsylvania 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

"On the Nature of 
Kabbalistic Symbols" 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

4:30 p.m. 
HSS 1330 

MONDA Y, JUNE 5 
Sponsored by UCSD Judaic Studies Program 

....•....•••••..•.•....•..•.••.••••...••............... .......•.•..•......•..•••••.••••.•....• , 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

Su per man will 
definitely get-off! 
Superman beach 
towel, $13 
Almond oil shave 
cre'am, $4.50 
Sandlewood soap, 

$6.50 
Austrian back 
scrubber , $9.50 

Wonder Woman Scores . 
Wonder Woman 
beach towel, $13 
Delicate rice paper 
wallets , $2.50 
TraveJ diary, \ 

$4.75 

ImpreSSionable' 
papers that make a 
statement. 

Innovat1ve cards , 
designer stationery, 
books for memories, 
bullet in boar ds for 
fun , to $25 

Time to play. 
Jump Rope with 

directlOns. $5.45 
Marbles and 

InstI'uction man uaJ , 
$5 

Love Taps, frIendly 
comm un icators, 

$9.95 
Baseball & TenniS 

look-a· likes . $35 ea. 

This summer it's t ime for mor e trinkets and bangles . They'll 
than a break. It·s time to wrap it up for 25¢ . 
celebrate. Time to play. _ Add mailin service and 
Intrigue the class of '78 ~ gift certificates , and 
with some intriguing you have total shopping 
playthings from Great pleasure . Graduation . A 
News. Do it up right with ------------:--- time to party . Dream . 
bath and beach toys; exotic Travel. Give them a gift 
oils and scents , elegant Where people that fi ts their plans. From Great 
combs, baubles and boxes, who deserve i t . News. It's a gr ea t compliment. 

. .. get i t ! 

PacifiC Plaza · 1788 Gar n et A ven ue · 270-1582 
Mon Be Fr i. 9 :30 AM-9 :00 PM · 'fues. -Thurs. Be Sat. 9 :30 AM-B. DO PM 

Sun . 10:30 AM-6:00 PM 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• ......................................................................... ....... ................ 



O""'-.Y ! Loo~; ~ r ~ ­
"'t.r"~ ',5 -1\.,;\ Of 

spo,c.. (. ... :"" 1\01 (., ~ 
I'" ,t l.,c.( .. ;"' H 
IT 'lJ_~r ..,)~t 
\1.,( ' .// f :1I :rw:th . 

Hayden ... Rosenbergs ... 
(Continued from pale 1) . (Continued from page 1) 
Regents withdraw investments 
in c<Jmpanies which do business 
in South Africa, said Hayden. If 
companies want UC moner, 
they should change theIr 
position, he said. ti;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;= .. Stu den t act i v i t Y has 
certRinly forced the Regents to 
become more aware and to face 
this issue at each meeting, " 

The Rosenbergs' one major chance to avoid execution came 
when a table own d by the Ro enbergs, which Harry Gold had 
alleged contained a Soviet supplied spying a ppa ratus was 
uncovered in the home of Meeropol's grandmother. The table 
contained no such apparatus, and on that evidence, the Ro enberg 
defense attorney asked for a new trial , because of the discrediting 
of Gold's testimony . • Judge Kauffman refused to grant the request, 
though, arguing that the table wasn ' t relevant to the case and that 
it should have been introduced at the original trial. ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Performing Live at: 

THE OUTBACK CAFE 
711 Warren Campus 

Wednesday, May 31 Special Event: 
lhe Elisun Young Duo 

We9nesday, June 7 Sam Hinton 

Both shows are free and begin at 8:30 pm. 
Telephone: 452-4581 (days) or 452-3092 
(evenings) for more Info. 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• I I •• 

~****************************~ 
• I * .. This Friday Night * 
: FRIDA Y NIGHT FEVER : 
• Part III * 
• * : THE GREATEST DISCO DANCE in the world, : 
• in the Muir Cafeteria from 9 pm to 3 am * 

• * ~ SUPER DANCE CONTEST : 
• 1st place - $50 * 
: 2nd place - $30 : 
• 3rd place - $20 * 
: *********** : 
: ONE DOLLAR ADMISSION : 
• A Muir Program Board Event * 

~****************************~ 

* Approved by New York Division 
Substance Abuse 
* Detects as low as 1 0 parts per 
1,000,000 
* Only 1 gram needed for test 
* 3 tests per kit 
for PARAqUATTE.5r KITS send 

~2.95 (check Or Money Order) tp .. 

DO 
D~ 
~EJWJ~ 

Featuring lairemont's ONLY or,lnicllly-grown produce! 
JR's bag buy-back policy: Bring in your own II., ilnd ' t lin you. 

dicount on your groceries. 

-r---------·------------~ I RoHed : Fresh I 
II Ot.t I Squeezed 19¢/ I I . 8 oz., 
I 25¢/lb I Or.aoge rec.30« I 
: I JUice I ---------.-------------~ Open 

Every weekni,ht til 8 
Friday tU 9 

It., un 10·6 

Good thru 
June 7, 1978 

Loated dose to UCSO in OiOlne hopping Center 

said Hayden. 
Despite massive international protest, and what Meeropol 

called the " largest left·wing social movement of the early 195Os" 
in support of his parents; the Rosenbergs were executed soon 
therl!after. 
r·"··"·~·""··""··""··"··""·~·'''''·' I ( 
iCOMMUNITYf 
.1BLOOD BANK! 
; 9831ndlll . 
, 327 F Street 

,1 PAYS DONORS 
.( 

for Service 

Meeropol's appeal to the crowd of about 200 did not appear 
emotional, but was based on what he believed to be as logical as 
possible development of the facts of the Rosenberg case as he saw 
them. For at least one man, he truck home. Armstead Carter, an 
84 year old retired investment banker, a member ofthe Overseers 
and Chancellor's Clubs donated $2 ,000 to Meeropol Thursday 
night. When asked why he had contributed the sum, he told the 
Triton Times, " I feel outraged at the way the Rosenbergs were 
treated. The judge a nd the whole case s tinks . ' l Mon.· Fri . ; 233·5481 .; L __ .~ .. _~!~:~~ ..... _ .. _J 

SEX, rnJGS 
. & 

VIOLEI\CE 
FILM FESTI\AL 
~x rnodress ' 

reefer modress 
assorted shorts 

THURS, JUNE 1 USB 2722 
Tlckell II Ihe UCSD Box Ollie. 
Phone: ~2-4559 7 and 9:rJ $1.25 : 

,-.---------------------------------------, 

I 

ATTENTION! 
SUMMER SESSION '78 IS ALMOST HERE 

SESSION I: 
SESSION II: 

JUNE 26 to JUL Y 14 (3 weeks) 
JULY 17 to AUGUST 25 (6 weeks) 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Some of the many courses which will be offered this summer are: 
ee Weeks 
Anthropology 120: 
Biology 171: 
Biology 176: 
Drama 133: 
History 31S: 
Lit/General 152A: 
Lit / General 152B: 
Math 4C: 
Political Sci 109: 
Sociology 193: 
V & RS 145: 
Visual Arts 145A: 

Six Weeks 
Biology 173: 
Hi tory 117S: 
History 167B: 
History 175 : 
Ling/German 31: 
Ling/ German 32: 

atural Sci 2A 
Natural ci 2B : 
Natural ci 2 
Philosophy. 130A: 
P .. 23A: 
P.E.22A: 

& R 41 : 
& R 146: 
" RS 161 : 

Vi ual Arts 105A: 
Vi ual Arts 160: 

Buddhism & Society (4 unit) 
Biometry (4 units) 
Field Ecology of California Plants (4 units) 
Freeing the Voice (4 units) 
Environment & History (4 units) 
Ab urd & Not- o-Absurd Theater (4 units) 
James Joyce - Vly ses (2 units) 
Elementary Functions (4 units) 
The Presidency (4 units) 
Sociology of the Occult (4 units) 
Orientation to Health Care Organization (4 units) 
Representational Painting (4 units) 

Population Biology & Evolution (4 units) 
Victorian ociety & Culture (4 unit) 
U .. in the 20th Century (4 unit) 
History of Africa to 1880 (4 units) 
German Reading (4 units) 
German Reading (4 unit ) 
Physic (4 units) 
Physics (4 unit ) . 
Atomic Physics (4 units) 
Philosophy of Language (4 units) 
Beginning Ballet (0 units) 
Beginning Jazz Dance (0 units) 
Introduction to Human are ervices (4 unit) 

ase Studies in Health are Program (4 unit) 
American Criminal Justice (4 unit) 
Drawing (4 unit ) 
Photography (4 unit) 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

There are other cour e being offered too. For further information about th e course and 
other cour e we are offering or to receive II free copy of th ummer ion ca.alol, call (714) 

, 
452-4 64 or write to the ummer Session Office, Q-028, an Diego, La Jolla, A 92093. 

----------------------------------------~ 


