
Candidates gear up for May AS elections 
by Eric Jaye 
Staff Writer 

become a more effective student 
advocate " inside the administration." 

The myriad of election posters that 

his campaign platform was not yet set 
but he expressed an interest in looking 
into the Recreation Center proposal and 
securing more career guidance for 
undergraduates. 

Other issues that Sindler considered 
important include AS support for the 
communications program, a strong 
academic affairs office inside the AS, a 
reorganized student center providing 
more student services and pushing for 
more minorities on the faculty and 
encou.-aging minorities to join the AS. 

said that as AS president he would try to 
provide those things that make people 
happy. 

A jacuzzi spa, inclusion of fruit trees 
and other edible plants on university 
land, more programming, a strong 
student advocate program and a 
reorganized AS were some of the things 
Ritter thought he could implement to 
improve student life. 

tudents probably saw on their way to 
classes this morning marked today as 
the official beginning of the ASUCSD 
election campaign. 

-The student electorate will go to the 
polls May 2 and 3 to choose the 
president, vice-president, commis-
sioners and college representatives for 
the new AS. 

Behind the scenes maneuvering in 
preparation for the election has been 
going on since the beginning of the 
quarter, but no open campaigning was 
allowed until today under the campaign 
codes approved by the AS last quarter. 

Thalheimer said that the experience 
he and his vice-presidential running 
mate Daniel Amos gained in Muir 
College politics and programming 
gave them the experience they needed 
to run a government and that their lack 
of association with the current AS would 
be a benefit. "I think we will have a lotof 
appeal as new people," said Thad-
heimer. 

Sindler said he would not be doing a 
great deal of campaigning, stating, " I'll 
be running a government. I'm more 
interested in getting out the issues on a 
larger scale." 

Candidate and current Student 
Center Board chair John Jenkel said 
that he plans to run a "labor intensive" 
campaign. "Getting out and talking to 
people, " said J enkel is the way to win a 
campaign." On your mark, get set. .. AS presidential hopefuls Jenkel said that his campaign will 

With the exception of Cimarron 
Boozer, who was unavailable for 
comment, the Triton Times spoke with 
all the presidential ' candidates this 
weekend to learn the issues they will put 
forth and the planned styles of their 
campaigns. 

h emphasize academic affairs, especially C oose Issues, styles for fruitful campaigns. the tenure process. A balance between 
~~~~-.-~-~~---~-----~------=:......:::...---- research and teaching effectiveness is 

Presidential candidate and current Candidate Brian Ritter said that his what is needed, said Jenkel. 
AS Vice-president Mark Sindler said campaign would rely on getting Also important, according to Jenkel, 
that he planned to run a campaign together " like minded" groups to is the quality of student life. To improve 
based "strictly on the issues." support him. Ritter said, though, that he this quality Jenkel called for an 

Sindler said that he would like to see would also be doing some of the more amphitheatre, a recreation center and 
the AS spend less money on student traditional style campaigning. reorganIzation of the programming on 
organizations and more on staff Ritter said that he wanted to "bring campus in order to make it more 
salaries. Sindler said that with the people together. " According to Ritter effective. 

Candidate Ed Thalheimer said that 
he planned to run an "open" campaign 
that would symbolize what he called "a 
new wave." 

Saturday ni~ht Thalheimer said that 
research materials and 'support that a people come together in crises or to do In addition Jenkel said he would like 

Futu re Foods 
Restaurant 
opens -today' 

by Reed Alpert 
Associate News Editor 

Future Foods, featuring a 
variety of natural foods, and 
drinks is scheduled to open for 
lunch and dinner today in 
Building G of the Student 
Center . 

The menu will be basically 
the same as the Del Mar and 
Pacific Beach stores, but with 
the addition of a salad bar 
offering a variety of fresh 
vegetables, beans, sprouts , 
dressings and croutons. 

Building C is located behind 
the student lounge in the 
Student Center. The restaurant 
has approximately 25. tables in 
the spaciou~ building. 

The opening of Future FOOds 
is the result of a collective, two 
year effort by the Student 
Center, Business Office, Food 
Services and Architects and 
Eng ineering. All of the 
equipment and improvements 
in the restaurant were paid for 
by the university as part of the 
Student Center Step 2 plan. 

The restaurant was origi-
nally scheduled to be opened 
last Monday, but did not do so, 
for unspecified reasons. 

The hours for the restaurant 
will remain flexible until the 
tra ffic patterns have been 
established. 

The restaurant will even-
tually share Building C with a 
pub, which will serve beer to 
persons 21 years of age and 
older. The pub was scheduled to 
open this quarter, but did not, 
due to problems with licenses 
and the cost of insurance. 

Future Foods will be the 
campus' first health food -
oriented restaurant. Restau-
rant now on campu serve a 
smattering of h alth foods, but 
none are solely devoted to uch 
far. 

staff could provide, the AS could something that makes them happy. He (Please turn to page 3) 

Superior Court hears 
abortion challenge 

by Alan Russell 
Editor 

A preliminary hearing was 
held Friday in Superior Court 
addressing the challenge by 
UCSD students over the 
legality of that portion of their 

.-

abortion three." (From left to right) Saean Erzinger, Albin Rhomberg and Margaret 
Patton are three .tudents who filed suit in protest of the UM of reg fees to fund abortions. The 
anti-abortion movement has been joined by mor!! .tadents here and at Berkeley aqd Davis. 

Commentary-
Bender case raises questions 

by Laura A. Richter Angeles Times, Washington Post and the San 
News Editor Diego Union . 

On Broadway, rave reviews assure Bender delivered three lectures to the State 
success. Department on African policy , and has 

On the UCSD marquee, however, top billing testified before the Senate Foreign Relations 
may only import frustration for the actors. Committee. 

Gerald Bender, hired on a temporary basis According to Lakoff, the quantity of 
by the Political Science Department for two Bender's research was not questioned, but 
years, has been denied a permanent position the main concern of the four out of seven 
as a professor of comparative politics. One department members who voted against the 
hundred candidates were considered for the move was that his work would not 
post; no one was hired . complement that of the political science 

Denial is not unusual in the competitive department as a whole. 
"publish or perish" intellectual community. Professor David Laitin elaborated that two 
But Bender's case appears to be fraught with issues were "germane" in B nder's case: the 
questions. judgment on the quality of the work and 

Not only has he met the quantity whether or not the work would be redundant 
requirements for published research but or add to the breadth of the d partment. 
Bender has been exalted as both an "Good teaching is clearly econdary, not 
" extraordinary" and "outstanding" teacher only to our departme~,t, but to f!1~st..other 
by Department Chairman Sanford Lakoff, depa~ments. at UCSD.. stated Laltin. I say 
Third College Provost Joe Watson, CAPE that With a shght tear 10 my eye but I feel that 
ratings and by the students who are currently it' an accurate representation of hiring at 
petitioning their protest to the denial of his "One clear me sage communicated to 
permanent poSition. me," said Bender, " by the department's 

Bender teaches' a two quarter course on deci ion is that I have undoubtedly spent too 
Southern Africa, for which the enrollment much time trying to be a good teac ler. In the 
numbers between 60 and 100, and for which he future, I will have to carefully weigh whether 
presented both a Southern African theatre or not I could afford to furth r jeopardize my 
group and two US Senators as part of the career as a teacher by pending a much tim 

cU,~culum. " . . on teaching as I have at U SD:' . ~ngola Under th~ Portugese I the tOPI Lakoff tr ed th importanc of th 
of hi. recenflv Dllbhshed bo~k. B nder ha choice for perman nt po ilion in th 

pu~hshed six academic artlcle.s on So~th department, aying that thi i the la t time a 
fflca and ov r on doz n arttcle which major univ r itv will be building a political 

hav appe r din uch publication a th La (PI a tum to p g 7) 

Registration fees used to fund 
abortions. 

The lawsuit, brought against 
the Regents of the University of 
California, was filed on Dec. 12, 
1977 by Susan Erzinger, 
Margaret Patton and Albin 
Rhomberg. The three plaintiffs 
were later joined by four other 
UCSD students, with another 18 
UC students systemwide now 
requesting the status of 
plaintiffs (ee Triton Time . 
April 3). 

Superior Court Judge Ross G. 
Tharp listened to arguments by 
UC Attorney David A. Dorin-
son and Burton Shamsky , 
attorney for the students. 

Dorinson requested that the 
case " be dismissed" , as the 
university had a long standing 
right to set fees . He also said 
that the students religious 
beliefs were not being violated 
because they were not com-
pelled to participate directly in 
abortion. 

Emphasizing the "indirect-
ness" of abortion and fees , 
Dorinson said, " It is the same 
indirect effect you and I are 
forced with April 15 of each 
year when we are forced to 
participate in the activities of 
government (income tax) . " 

Abettors in murder? 
Shamsky countered this 

argument by saying, " This is 
very, very, very direct. If they 
(the students) participate in 
subsidized abortions, they feel 
they are aiders and abettors in 
murder." 

Judge Tharp systematically 
questioned the attorneys 
during the 50 minute hearing in 
a courtroom filled with 
interested spectators and 
media people. 

Tharp, who has to decide 
within the next 60 days whether 
the case should be allowed to 
continue or not , seemed to 
indicate during the attorneys' 
presentation where his pre nt 
feeling lie. 

Though viewing the students' 
suit as .. a form of religious 
cru ade", he Nondered outloud 
whether dismis ing th ca e 
would be 'mu'ZZling them." 

Tharp furth 'r commented on 
the ca e by askin defense 
attorn y Uormson, "Wh ther 
you agr or di agree, hould-
n't th y hay their day in 
court?" 

The court wa di mi d 
und r ubmi ion, with Tharp 
indicating to attorn y that h 
will probably rul earl thi 
we k on wh th r th a 
hould How to continu . 



...... I 
Opinion 
Letters tot the Editor 

You best friend 
might be a clone 

Editor: paul.., tile buck on to a hiJher up. 
It aeenu that one can't read They will say, "Sorry,butthat'snot 

anywbere tbese day. without my respoaaibiUty.' If you ever 
MeiDl IOmetbiDi on the topic of hear that comment then you know 
clOllel. In many scientific circles you are deaU.." with a clone. 
the ICbolarly men of our society sit Recently I heard of a profellOr 
in controversy on the top-ic of who was havi... problems with 
ciODell. To me it seems as If it II .ome workers In bis lab. His 
much ado about nothin,. For, as Iraeluate studente had asked this 
any ReveUe biolol)' major knows worker to ,et some chemicals for 
clone. have existed for years . them. The worker replied, "Sorry 
These days one can't walk down the but we don't c.arry that In our lab." 
Itreet without passing a clone. His graduate students responded 

Yea and e,,:en ,ood old UCSD ~as back, "Well, wby doo't you ,0 and 
clones walkin, the campus. I ve ,et somefromanotherlab?" Which 
heard several accusations re,ard- the lab worker would not do 
ina the pre-med students at this Meanwhile the professor heard thi~ 
campus but I.don't ~lieve there is argument going on and came over 
any substantial eVidence on that to see if he could settle the dispute. 
point. When he heard what the problem 

To be a clone is in itself not a bad was he ordered the worker to get 
thing, it's just that clones live in a the chemicals for his students and 
society that is not quite ready to appologized to the students fo~ the 
accept them. I mean it's okay for delay . Under his breath he · 
one to be my neighbor but I'd hate muttered that you just can't get 
to have my daughter marry one. good help these days. What he 

There are several things to look really meant to say was they just 
for in order to spot a clone. don't make clones like they used to. 
Whenever a clone is really lIDder 

pre~ure . they usualJy resort to 

The Triton Times is published by 
UCSD students as an offlci., student 
newspaper. Pub lication is on 
Mondays, Wednesd ays and F rid ays 
du r1ng the regu la r schoo I yea r 
(exc ept on off icial holi day s) . 
Edilor lal and business offices are 
located in the Student Center at the 
University of California, Sin Diego. 
For editor ial , call 452-3466; for 
busl.-a and display advertising, 
c III 452-3468. 

letters to the editor and opinion 
columns are welcomed. All submis-
sions should be typed and cIouble-
spaced on • 69-space line. They 
should not exceed 1'h pages In length. 

Submitted mlterlal must bea r the 
na me and student identif ication 
number of the autho r. Names can be 
w ithheld 'rom publicat ion on 
request; however, the names w ill be 
held on file for public inspection. 

The Triton Ti mes reserves the 
right 10 edit submissions because of 
space limitations or style require-
ments. 

Entire contents copyright 1978 the 
Triton Ti meso 

Is Chancellor McElroy a clone? 
I really don't know. 

FYODOR TWAIN 

. Fee increase 
equitable 
Editor: 

In regard to your April 10 article, 
" Parking fees may double ", 
perhaps not .everyone is aware tbat 
staff and students at University 
Hospital are as much a part of the 
UC system as their counterparts on 
the "main" UCSD campus. 

However, in contrast to campus 
parking fees of $6 per month (or an 
.. A" sticker, hospital employees 
have had to pay $13 monthly for the 
past four years; in contrast to the 
campus fee of $5 per month (or a 
" B" sticker, we have paid $11 . 

It has seemed like a two-class 
system ; perhaps the proposed 
increases are not inequitable. 

PAT JACOBY 
UCSD Medical School 

IIIftn Commune 
___ -Again! 

\ 
Here's the f"l1'8t "retrospective" 
look at the whole DOONESBURY 

scene. An 

---======::===~-----=l enlightening and ,., warm backward 

Shead Andrew~ and McMeel 
SubOlidiary or Univ~raal Pre"" Syndlute 
KanaaaCity 

glance at· the 
realistic 
beginnings of 
Walden Commune 
and the peraonal 
growth at each at 
its characters. A 
unique overview in 
~vj8h full C1Qlor, 
from the Academy-
Award-nominated 
animation special. 
Not just a collection 
of stripe, A 
OOONESBURY 
HPECIALitla 
rare look at 
OOONESBURYand 
its creator, Garry 
Trudeau_ 

NOW AVAILABLE AT 
YOUR FAVORITE BOOKSTORE 

~,~17,1'71 

Is decent daycare asking too much? 
by Victoria Browe 

I am writing on behalf of 
the Committee for Decent 
Daycare to clarify certain 
issue. involved in the 
current debate over tbe 
UCSD daycare center . 
Comments made by Chan-
cellor McElroy at the end of 
last quarter created tbe 
impression tbat we, the 
daycare parents, are asking 
for a "gold cadillac" wben 
we ask that our center be 
maintained at its current 
level. That is simply not 
true. Nor is it true, as the 
Chancellor su~gested, that 
we "don't reahze" what we 
have. 

We know exactly what we 
have and that is why we are 
struggling so desperately to 
maintain it. What we have is 
basic, quality daycare that 
makes a unique, positive 
contribution to each child's 
development. We have no 
frills ; no fancy equipment, 
no great inventory of plastic 
toys and games, no expen-
sive (plastic) food , no 
elaborate field trips. We 
have , instead , a fine , 
dedicated, professional staff 
that has the training and the 
time to know each child and 
work on each child's individ-
ual growth. 

That kind of staff has to be 
paid a living wage. Not a 
king's ransom, certainly not 
a gold cadillac. But a living 
wage. The average salary at 
the center is $7500 per year. 
Of our three full-tIme staff 
members, two are paid 
totally out of CET A funds. Of 
our five part-time staff 
members, three must work 
less than 50% time because 
our too-tight budget does not 
allow us to pay them benefits 
they would get from working 
over 50% time. We feel that 
our staff should be getting 

more money and more 
benefits, not less. Approxi-
mately ..",. of our budget 
now loes to personnel. By 
comparison, 90% of tbe 
public scbool budget goes to 
personnel and a comparably 
higb percentale of the 
university budget goes to 
personnel. 

Experience has shown 
that quality day care re-
quires this kind of expendi-
ture on staff. Experience has 
also sbown that daycare 
centers, like public schools 
and univerSities. cannot 
commit this amount of 
money to staff and still make 
a profit. Daycare centers , 

. like every other educational 
institution in this country, 
require public subsidy. The 
$ISO/month tuition which we 
as parents pay for daycare 
does not cover all center 
costs any more than the 
tuition and fees which UCSD 
students pay covers all 
university costs. 

Victoria Brown is a member 
of the Committee for Decent 
Daycare. 

It is , of course, poSsible to 
make a profit on daycare 
centers and the Chancellor 
proposes that UCSD con-
tract with a company that 
knows how to make such a 
profit. In exchange for 
profit, what do we Jet? We 
get a staff that IS paid 
$2.SO/hour, a staff that is not 
trained to deal with young 
children, a staff that can 
only stand to work at such 
centers for two or three 
months. And we get a very 
small staff at that. The 
average pupil-teacher ratio 
at profit-making daycare 
agencies is 12: 1. The ratio at 
our center is 4: I. 

In order to understand the 
•...........•.................•..............• , 
: - - . 
:. NOW T'f~Nfoocls i 
i OPEN SanDlego'.ftnc i 
• Natural Foods with • 
: in the Fast Food ServIce : 
• PACIRC BEACH: • : Student . J65J GamctA ...... 270-0760 : 
• UCSD:. 
• C t Un.DCrSI3d.tuden, Center • 
: en er JJ30Cmn'rIO~~48J-OJ64: 
•.................•.......................... , 

Janice's 
Hair Garden Special 

Men's Haircuts -Only $8 
Reg.Sl0 

)ollic" $ S%m 
~ 162 Park BI,.,J. 
297-IJJ80 

J17 Tl!ird A v,. 
Chula Vlsra 
.16·JIJJJ 
8m/r al ... m upm 

. 9·IJ !>ur . 9·~ 

all hair service 
with Student 10 

and this ad 

Jorrle-t ', Ilufr GOfc/.,n 
I ]$0 Pm", .. r 

Md"lIu, PI.: • . La Julio 
4j~·J077 

M"n-F" . 1(}'4 

necessity of a low student-
teacher ratio, we must try to 
Imagine what it would be like 
havin, one teacher to take 
care of 12 two-year olds. 
That means one, underpaid 
person is fixing meals , 
wipin, noses, cleaning up 
messes, tying shoes. Who, 
then, has time to give a bug, 
help two children with 
sharing, teach about colors, 
read a story, make' a puzzle? 
Who can take .. children for a 
walk while 4 play in the yard 
and .. paint pictures? Just 
how does a 12 to 1 ratio work 
out in real life? Badly. For 
everyone. The children are 
cheated, the parents are 
worried , the staff is ex-
ploited. 

The staff can leave - and 
it does, in rapid ·succession. 
This high turnover rate 
among staff at profit -
making daycare centers is 
just one of their more 
destructive features . Not 
only do children receive 
ina dequate care , they 
receive it from a seemingly-
endless parade of strangers. 
Research shows that child-
ren benefit from close 
relationships with more 
adults than just their 
parents , but those additiorlal 
relationships must be close 
and consistent. Assembly-
line childcare teaches 
children to not bother 
relating to adults and to 
certainly not depend on 
them. Our daycare center 
allows our children to grow 
beyond the confines of the 
small nuclear family but to 
do so in a safe, loving, stable 
environment. 

The Chancellor says that 
he is only asking that UCSD 
" provide a daycare service 
at the best standa rd the 
community has to offer ." 

(Please lurn iO page 3) 

ivanhoe travel 

CHARTERS 
$189 to 

of March. Weekly i 99 
& 3 week duration. 

$179 to 
199 

$399 to 
IIIghts 012. 3. 4. 5 & 6 weeks 449 

Starting mld·Aprll. 
IHOIlIG $499 to 

Starting May. Weekly flights 
012,3. 4. 5. & 6 weeks duratton. 

529 
$399 to 

449 
$429 to 

479 
$479 to 

499 
Fly II 0lIl city - IIItIIm hi! .... oa.. 

LONDON & PARtS 479 
l.OfIKJN & ROME 499 
PARtS & ROME 499 
Sllrtlnlllld crt AprIl. WMldy ....... 
crt 3& 4" willis durItIon. 
All Ch.-ters rOllld trip from Los 
AnpIes. 

7815 Ivanhoe 
Phon, 

459-0844 

. ~ . . .. ,. . ... 

Yonder, ~ 17, 1171 triton times Pege3 
Edit?r, who holds ulti~ate responsibility and ' ~ ........................ 2 

authOrity over the entire paper. Long-tenn • • 
budgeting and planning and public relations are I ~ .• 
among the Editor's duties; I ~ I 

Managing editor, who manages the day-t<>- I I 
Times Executive Board are now available in the dar. operations oC the paper and ties together the ~. • I 
newspaper office, in the southwest corner of the editorial department. The Managing editor 
Student Center. coordinates the individual departments and I I 

All ten board positions will be filled for one- holds complete responsibility in the Editor's I I 
year terms . The applications for Editor and -a bsence. I Ham, I 
Managing editor - the two ranking positions on Other available positions are News editor, I Sliced I 
the staff - will be available until Wednesday , Science editor, Ass.istant Managing editor, 
April 26 . Applications for the other eight Associate News editor, Sports editor, Arts I Tomatoes I 
positions will be availabl~ through the following editor, Photo editor and Copy editor. I and Cheese I 
week. Applicants will be asked to provide writing I • 

Weekly pay for the jobs ran,e from $15 to $50. samples or other examples of their journalistic I • 
The available positions include: experience and ability. I • 
Candidates... candidates $100 and so on. I • 
(Continued from page I) Nevertheless, several slates have been I • 
to see the Student Center as an "active" place, registered with UTe elections commission, I • 
responding to student needs by providing more according to Elections Commissioner Lori II • 
services. Dority. • 

Candidate and current AS Rep Gary MOser Jenkel's slate consists of himself , Ann I I Carberry for Vice-president , Margot 
said that his campaign will .. go out on a positive Tempereau for Academic Affairs Commis- I I 
edge." According to Moser his campaign sioner and Phil Ganazek for Elections 
organization "will go out and tell the people Commissioner. I I 
what we have done and what we can do ." I W d ' I 

According to Moser the major issue of the On Moser's slate is Bill Silva' for Vice- I e on t cut corners. I 
campaign is what he calls the lack of student president, Brenda Brumfield for Academic I I 
identity, which he feels IS a major cause of the Affairs , Carlos Montalvo for Public Relations, 
high UCSD transfer rate. . Marlene Peterson for Appointments and II La Jolla II 

Moser said that he wants better programming Evaluations and Charles Flores for the 
at UCSD, a student center which includes more Program Board. I I · 
student services and perhaps more fraternities Other slates are; Ed Cabrera for Vice- I 912 Silverado I 
and sororities. All of these things, Moser said , president with John Bekken for External I 454-3131 I 
will improve the quality of student life. Affairs; Jim Lofgren for External Affairs , Bill 

Moser said he has seen the AS as a clique and Topkins for Appointments and Evaluations and • Also available at our other 7 locations II 
that his campaign organization can open it up. Jim Atkins for Activity Fee; Bill Friedman for • E / . 

Included in the campaign codes is a clause Communications, Richard Ferlito for Public I with this xpires 4 31/78 I 
which restricts the amount of money a slate of Relations and Melanie Alschuler for Program I ~ • 
candidates may spend;One candidat~ is allowed Board. __ I " • 
to spend $50, two candidates $75 , three (Please lurn to page 8) .......... : ...... II!. 
Daycare... _________________ ,Cllp & s.ve--------------Cllp & Seve'--------------. 
(t:ontJDued from page 2) II APRIL 17-21 FIND TIME NOW I 
We, as parents , have I 
investigated the daycare I 1978 FOR WOW '78 I 
standards the community 
has to offer and we know that I 
the .. best" is very, very I 
poor. The fact that ours is I 
better does not mean that it I 
is a "cadillac. " It only I 
means that the others are I 
Corvairs - dangerous at any I 
cost. I 

The $18 ,000 deficit our I 
center faces is not in sur- I 

TT posts open 

mountable. We can meet it if I 
UCSD students will support I 
our effort to convince the I 
Chancellor that cam pu s 
dayca re is a necessity and I 
that quality daycare is the I 
only form acceptable to the I • 
UCSD community. . .. ~ .~ - 0 M ~ r .. -··-·~-.. -··-.. -.. -·-.. -·i .. W 0 R ._, . .. 
'1COMMUNITYf B OPPORTUNITY '. 
:t.BLOOD BANKt '- ./ • ~ ....... _--~ •• IIE II d ........ ____ / ! 983 Indl. ; - -.., n - - I ~ 327 F Street ~ I 
I PAfYSSDO~ORS i Putt.ing Your MaJ·or To Work... : 
I . or ervlce " I 
/ Mon .. Fri. Monday,17th 10 am-Noon Computer Sciences Revelle Formal Lounge I 
; 233-5481! 11 am-l pm Biolooy North Conr. Rm., Student Ctr. I ~ 234.4601 ., I 
... ___ ._ .. __ ._. 3 pm-5 pm Social Sciences HSS 1330, Muir Campus I 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
"LOW COST 
"CO NFl DENTIAL 

"STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

"FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7311 

Tuesday, 18th 10 am-Noon 
10 am-Noon 
11 am-l pm 
1 pm-3 pm 

2:30 pm-4:30 pm 

Fine Arts North Conr. Rm., Student Ctr. : 
Mathematics . Bldg. B Student Ctr. Conr. Rm. I 
Economics & Mgmt. Science Econ. Conr. Rm., H-L, Revelle : 
Humanities H-L 1438, Revelle Campus I 
Engineering Urey Room, 2102 UH : 

Telling It Like It Is ... Careers In: 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Wednesday, 19th 

Thunday, 20tb 
I . 
I 

I 
.. 

t 

10 am-Noon 
1 pm-3 pm 
2 pm-4 pm 
1 pm-4 pm 

10 am-Noon 
11 am-I pm 
2 pm-4 pm 
3 pm-5 pm-

Print & Electronic Media 
Management: Public/Business 
Social Services/Research 
A Company: Calbiochem 

The Arts 
The Law 
Community Colleges 
Public Health 

North Conr. Rm., Student Ctr. I 
Bldg. B Student Ctr. Com. Rm. : 
North Conr. Rm., Student Ctr. I 
Field trip ror chemistry and I 

biology majors. Sign up at : 
Career Planning & Placement I 

Bldg. B Student ~tr. Conr. Rm. I 
North Conr. Rm., Student Ctr. : 
Bldg. B Student Ctr. Conr. Rm. I 
North Conr. Rm., tudent Ctr. : 

• 
• Q 

WOW '78 CAREER FAIR: Get Career Inro ... Food ... Music ... Have a Good Time!!! 
FRIDA Y, 21st 11 am-3 pm Student Center (come rain or shine!) 

~ 
.. 

I 
I 
I 
I I Presented by : Career Plannina " Placement In a velation with EDNA, the A od.ted tudent , and 
I Alumni "Frl,~d of U an Dier:o 

f 
• 

• 
1- - - - - - - - Clip. III"' - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -~~'",~ ~'<Z!4.-:..' 



Monday 
Action (Peace CO" & VISTA) : Interview. For furthe r information 

and to make a n H pointment contact, Career Planning a nd 
Placement Orfice, MlClg. " B", Student Center. 

Healtb Science!. Advisory Program/Career Planning and 
Placement: Person.al Growth Group Series, beginning April 13 and 
running through M y 16, will focus on interpersonal relations, ipact 
on others and self-awareness. The meetings will be off-campus and 
ADVANCE SIGN-UP IS REQUIRED (list in Health Science Office). 

Sip-up for the Foosball Doubles Tournament. CompetUion for fun 
and trophies. Sign-up at EDNA (Student Information Desk), 
Tournaments will be held in tbe Student Center gameroom on 
Saturday April 22 from Noon-6 pm. Free. 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting Cor silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-S pm: Writing Clinic - help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. 1254 H-L. Free. 

10 am-12 noon: WOW '78 Event: Putting your major in computer 
science/ electrical engineering to work - A Career Seminar. Talk 
with a development engineer, a programmer analyst , and 
communications engineer. Revelle Formal Lounge. Free. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

11 am-I pm: Putting Your Major in Biology to Work - A Career 
Seminar. Talk with an administrator, a person connected with 
industry, and a researcher. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
Free. 

12 noon-I pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. Free, Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 tor Inlormation. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
3-5 pm: Putting Your Major in Social Sciences to Work - A Career 

Seminar. Talk with an urban planner, a political editor, a 
development consultant, an assistant director, and two graduate 
students. H&SS 1330. Muir Campus. Free. 

4:00 pm: High Energy Seminar. Speaker: Dr. F. Zachariasen, Cal 
Tech. Topic: Infrared Behavior of Gluon P ropagators in QCD. 
Location: HL 1148. 

4-S pm: Karate. West Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Con!. Room. 
5-S: 45 pm: Conditioning Workshop. Wrestling room. 
5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
5: 30-7 pm: Belly Dance. West Balcony. 
6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. Student Center, 2nd floor . 
7 pm: There will be no meeting of the Gay Students Association 

tonight. However, there is a potluck dinner next Monday at 7 pm in 
the North Conference Room, Student Center. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place If) turn for info and rap. 
Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

8-11 pm: Israeli Folk Dancing. Instruction 8-9 pm, free dancing9-11 
pm. Rec. Gym. Conference Room. Free. 

8: 30 pm: Dr. Michael Dean, world's foremost hypnotist, will 
perform his dazzling acts of hypnosis . A John Muirweek event. Muir 
Cafeteria. Free. 

Tuesday 
Technology Service Corporation : Interview . For further 

information and to make an appointment, contact Career Planning 
and Placement Office, Bldg. B. Student Center. 

Sign-up for the Foosball Doubles Tournament. Competition for 
(un and trophies. Sign-up at EDNA (Student Information Desk) . 
Tournaments will be held in the Student Center gameroom on 
Saturday April 22 from noon-6 pm. Free. 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am: Rape Task Force weekly meeting. Planning committee for 
monthly campus-wide Rape Task Force meeting. Women's Center. 

9 amoS pm: Writing Clinic - help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522 . 1254 H-L. Free. 

10 am-12 noon: Putting Your Fine Arts Major to Work - A Career 
Seminar. Talk with an artist, a fashion artist, and a graduate student. 
North Conference Room, the Student Center. 

10 am-12 noon: WOW '78 Event : Putting Your Major in 
Mathematics to Work - A Career Seminar. Talk with an industrial 
mathematician, a systems specialist, marketing research analyst. 
and an instructor of remedial math . Bldg. B, Student Center 
Conference Room . Free. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 &. Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

II am-I pm: Putting Your Major in Economics and Management 
Science to Work - A Career Seminar. Talk with an economics 
researcher . a stock broker , and a business administrator . 
Economics Confereilce Room, Humanities Library. Free. 

12 noon: Comm St ,Jqent Union meeting - will discuss: Newsletter, 
Film Festival, HiSiOrical Pamphlet and Program Status. Comm 
Lounge. 

12-1 pm: Conditio'1ing. Wrestling Room. 
12-2 pm, 4·6 pm : Gy'mnastics. South Balcony. 
12 noon-I pm: Bro·.yft Hag Lunch Serlt:l>. ncspi r tory Therapy ITim 

Koch. Student CentlmEast Conference Room . 
12 noon-I pm: Mtdltation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 

silent sitting medit" tion. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for inform.ltion. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12: 30-2 pm: Sex ~linlc . For individuals or couples seeking 
information or counseling about sexual concern . Hugh Pates. 
facilitator. Call Yolanda at x3490 for information and to sign up. 
Revelle Counseling office. at Revelle Provost's Office. 

1-3 pm: Putting Your Major in Humanities to Work - A Career 
Seminar. Talk with an advertising manager, a graduate student, an 
assistant manager, and a s tudent in public management. III 1438 , 
Revelle Campus. Free. 

2:00 pm: oJid State Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Walt rD. Knight, UC 
Berkeley . Topi C: Stern-Gerlach Deflection of Metall ic Cluster 
Beams. Location: APM 2250. 

tritDn times triton times 

hat's 'On 4/17-4/23 
A Weekly Guide to -Campus' Events 

2: 30-4: 30 pm: WOW '78 Event: Putting Y-our Major in Engineering 
to Work - A Career Seminar. Talk with engineers in the specialities 
of bioengineering, chemical, ocean systems, mechanical/electrical 
and 'quality assurance engineering. Urey Room, 2102 UH. Free. 

3-5 pm: Charlene Mitchell will speak on "Political Prisoners in 
America ." Sponsored by UCSD Chapter, National Alliance Against 
Racist and Political Repression . International Center. 

4-S pm: Karate. North Balcony. 
5 pm: Dr. Colin Pittendrigh, Director, Hopkins Marine Station. 

Lecture: Complexity of a Circadian System-Pacemaker and Slave 
Oscillation:;. 2100 BSB. 

5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
6 pm: Women's Center meeting . New members welcome! 

Women's Center, Student Center. 
6 pm: Union of Jewish Students planning meeting. All welcome to 

express ideas and suggestions. Come and sit at the round table of 
King Ralph. Student Center above EDNA . 

6: 30 pm: Outing Movie, The Limitless Journey, filmed by National 
Geographic, the movie follows an Outward Bound Patrol through a 
course in the Andes. Don Peterson, Outward Bound instructor, will be 
there to talk and answer questions. Rec. Gym_ ConL Room. Ice 
Skating: After the meeting we have a group reservation to go skating 
at Black Mountain Rick. Cost $1.50. 

7 pm: Living Together - Roommates? Lovers? Sharing a 
household or thinking about it? Bills? Kids? Financing a house or car 
together? Learn what the experts have to say. Room 514 San Diego 
City College. Free. 

7 pm: Personal Growth Group Series. Off-campus (sign-up is 
required, at Career Planning and Placement Office, Building B, 
Student Center) . 

7 pm: Dr. Robert Rappel, Dean of Academic Affairs from the new 
Osteopathic Medical College in Pomona will present slide show of 
new' school and opportunities in Osteopathic medicine. H&SS 1330. 

7-9 pm: Film: "Companeros" (Life of Victor Jara). USB 2622 . 
Sponsored by Chile Democratico. 

7-10 pm: Preventive Medicine Series: Introduction to Preventive 
Medicine. H&SS 1330. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to Cor info and rap. 
Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

7: 30 pm: Weekly meeting of Trident Christian Fellowship. Topic: 
Living Situation, Part II. Revelle Formal Lounge. 

7: 30 pm: Transcendental Meditation Advanced Meeting. East 
Conference Room, Student Center. 

7: 30 pm: " Is Death with Dignity Possible?" by UCSD Campus 
Pastor Les Atkinson, first of a series on "Meet the Experts." 
University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

8 pm: " Shivering Shakespeare" and " Hide and Shriek", starring 
The Little Rascals. A John Muir week event. Muir 5 &. Dime. Free. 

Wednesday 
Burroughs Wellcome & Co.: Interview. For further information 

and to make an appointment, contac t Career Planning and 
Placement Office, Bldg. B, Student Center. 

Sign-up for the Foosball Doubles Tournament: Competition for fun 
and trophies. Sign-up at EDNA (Student Information Desk) . 
Tournaments will be held in the Student Center game room on 
Saturday April 22 from Noon-6 pm. Free. 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
Sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired . Call 755-
5995 for information. I;ocation: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am: Progressive Coalition meeting. Finalize Platform for AS 
elections. etc. East Conference Room, Student Center. 

9 am-2pm: Give the " Gift of Life" at the bloodmobile. To make it 
more convenIent [or all volunteer donors, the bloodmobile from the 
San Diego Blood Bank will be at Warren Campus 10 front of 
Conference Room ilIA. Anyone in good health between the ages of 18 
and 65 may donate. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. 1254 H-L. Free. 

10 am-12 noon: Telling It Like It Is: Print a Electronic Media. Talk 
with an independent filmmakerlcameraperson, an assignment 
editor, a sportswriter, and a publisher. North Conference Room, 
Student Center. Free. 

Open 10 am-S pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

Noon: UCSD Single Parents Group meets Wednesday from ·noon to 
1 pm in Revelle Informal Lounge to discuss topics such as "38 gOing 
on 17," sexuality, children in transition , letting go of the past. the 
dating game and single parenting. Bring a sack lunch and join the 
interaction . All faculty , s tarr, students and community single parents 
are welcome. . 

12 noon-I pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation orfice, Student 
Center. 

12 noon: AMES 205, Seminar No.4, Film Series. Film " Energy: 
Less is More ." 7104 Urey Hall . Free. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics . South Balcony. 
1-3 pm: Telling It Like It Is: Careers in Management: Public and 

Business Sectors. Talk with a bank manager, a technical manager, 
and the manager of a resort hotel. Vice-chancellor's Conference 
Room, Building B, Student Center. . 

1-4 pm: WOW '78 Event: Telling It Like It Is: Careers In A 
Company Like albiochem. A field trip for Chemistry and Biology 
majors. Sign up at Career Pla nning and Placement, Bldg. B. Student 
Center. Will I ave from CP&P at 1 pm. Free. 

2-4 pm: Telling It Like It Is: Social Services and Research . Talk 
with a research analy t , VISTA volunt r , 41 ommunityorganizer, 
and a program eva luator. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
Free. 

4: 00 pm: Colloquium. 
Superconductors of the 

4-S pm: Karate. West Bal 
4-S pm: Health Experience 

Ethics. H&'SS 1305. . 
4-S pm: Table Tennis. Rec. 

Bernd T. Matthias. Topic: 
. Location: USB 2622. 

Program (HELP) - Medical 

5 pm: Students Active TU .. 'dr • ., rn. nity Health general meeting 
for election of co-chai discuss implementation of 
program for Spring Qua Conference Room. Student 
Center. 

5:00 pm: Ha meeting in the Rec . ConL 
Room, and will have tou rmation available. 

5 pm: Jazz Dance. West 
5-5: 45 pm: Conditioning Wrestling Room. 
6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. " lu.€~nU~ r 2nd floor . 
6 pm: Bicycle Fix your own wheels, 

gears, brakes, etc . Bike Center. 
&-10 pm: Ballroom Dance. . Room . 
7 pm: If you wish to study Testament along with L.D.S. 

young adults. come to the igion class . In the west end of 
the little house across the Tenaya Hall . 

7-10 pm: Lecture: Professor Kunzel. Lecture and slide show 
by Professor David Kunzel of USB 2622. Sponsored-by Chile 
Democratico. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is place to turn to for info and rap. 
Located in Muir Commons, & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

7: 30 pm:_ " Evil:. Cause UCSD Campus Pastor John 
Huber, second in a series on ' Believe. " University-
Community Church, 9595 La res Drive. 

8 pm: Wednesday E ndeville Center - Ibarra and 
Lavista - Mexican n Four-Hand Piano Music . 
Mandeville Auditorium . UCSD students : $3.00, General 
Admission: $5.00, Other1]C $4.00';' Sr. Cit. $3.00. Sponsored 
by Music Department. 

9 pm: Hoot Night. A chancE.u.de.nts to peform their musical 
talents . A John Muir week ir 5 <\: Dime. Free. 

K-Mart Apparel Corp. : I For further information and to 
make an appointment, ~n'n","r&''' r Planning and Placement 
Office , Bldg. B, Student 

Sign-up for tbe FoosbaU ament. Competition for fun 
and trophies. Sign-up at E udent Information Desk) . 
Tournaments will be held dent Center g~meroom on 
Saturday April 22 from nOC)n-li. lree 

6-7 pm: Meditation provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-S pm: Writing CI p with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. Free. 

10 am-12 noon: Telling It Careers in the Arts. Talkwitha 
fashion manager, a ou t about public assistance 
program in the arts. Confel·enlloOim. Bldg. B. Student Center. 
Free. 

10 am-3 pm: Student wrlPm .. loan to create awareness of 
di(ficulties involved when architectural barriers. 
Locations: Bookstore. Muir . Revelle Fountain. 

Open 10 am-5 One rst place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

K. Wall oalumn 
0_ K. W.," .,_ gun: 
A ""Ie ""'. tHt. Whal .,,'he name In lhe Ihow before h. bec:_ 

the lone RMgeI' .nd ... lUll a _"ft .~.nlller7 
little Mlu Duzle 

D •• r DUlle, o.,re ne_ ... .Io/1n he beca",. "'e l_ Ren;er bec:euH 
lOme rotten and un-nlce people comPildret. Owll ltIen donned ilia 
Lone Rane- Men .... hlle book In owlra leddle beg. 
Righi no. pI_ ar. In I.. Ranger nick nol .1"'", CI.yton : 
Moor. or Jay SIIY .... ,. I. partially perelyzacl). CI.yton . 
MOrT. 'a no. 13 end melta. ~~::~:~:lr.~'~= II rodeo •• nd In Owtr •• perellme 
owll la aulng III. Wral"r.Co. In a com .... rc,... an ecllhel_H 

,""~ .."""," o.lr. 1m • . Bul 10 do willi ilia fect ItIIt 
the Wr.ltler Co. own. ,he Lone w.nl owilio be In lhe plctur.. . 
On. fin .. nole: Th. Lone R.rIger'. died .1 the • of 2t .1 . 
con.,c:Ier.bII heertbr_k 10 CI.ylon, Tell Overture ... l1li .lIve .nd 
... ,dlng In C.IaII_. 

De., M •. Ko • ., 
I. It true "'., P.ul S.lIm." •••• 

..... rch .1 UCSD? 

D .. r Jon, ... 
D .... H.rYeY R.bltlt: 
I. It ',ue''''" Moody'. In""lor 

pen: .... , of CaNforn .. •• ouIIl.ndIng 

Ihe .dvenl of _bln .. t DNA 

J . Singer 

.uapended 1'- ,.IInge of neert, 10 
bonda? 

Loy., • lonely , .... 
D .... l_. V ... 1ht. I. true. _tThoI.~"1I13 . MOOCly'.dldeuependllar.II,.. 

of iipprOI . 10 ~. ollila h.ve been tie_Mint CelllDmle 

..... .. opmen. ~~~~=::I::E~~:~"er line. """' h_ ..... apec:utetlon IheI .he Inllllllw. might ...... ....., 
cnetlnl loa oIlundlng for 

Moody'. II _ of ilia two bond. lew c .... .-ttt ....... 
... 1cIH III1'P'lIdIng ... re..... ""-1IlId ..... " •• no« .... 
lIlY n_ rectew.lO ......... IIondIIn and Poor' ...... other IImI, heI 
Mid thet II would conllnue 10 ,... WOUld ' .. nd IIy ....... 1Ing ....... 
lor _tatendlng bondI. 

Moody'a _nc:_" ...... ,".,td".c:ceIerete lII.u ........ _1IIII 
ilia .... 01 a .... 1IIon paper .......... J..--o-
1nIIIeIIw., end lie ......uon '''' ca- ....... 81\ 
"',000 lI .... aIeItn.......... .CIIooIDIetrtot, ......... .., 
-- libeled by en ertIc:Ie In ilia CIMoft. The ..... ........ 
..... "The ......... 0' Prapaalllon 13 ... , .... __ III C .... nIIa 
' ..... 0I1IIa1llll ... Nft"*" _III doll_·......, ...... _o-
btl.., ...... ..., _ "1HOftIII .. ,t. • cerlaln" IttfIIdIe. 

11 alo-I pm: WOW '78 Event: Telling It Like It Is: Careers in the 
Law. Talk with a defense lawyer, a legal aide attorney and a probate 
and estate lawyer. North Conference Room, Student Center. Free. 

11 am-3 pm: Give the "Gift of Life" at the bloodmobile. To make it 
more convenient for all volunteer donors, the bloodmobile from the 
San Diego Blood Bank will be at Revelle Campus Blake Hall. Anyone 

, in good health between the ages of 18 and 65 may don~te . 
12 noon : Noon Conc rt. Reci t a l Hall. Sponsored by Music 

Department. 
12 noon-I pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 

silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics . South Balcony. 
2 pm: Campus-Wide Rape Task Force meeting. Special program 

given by Carmen Warner, co-author of the new book on sexual assault 
victim protocol. Chancellor's Complex ilIA. 

2-4 pm: WOW '78 Event: TeJling It Like It Is: Careers in 
Community College Teaching and Administration. Talk with a 
community college president, a deal1 of graduate services, a full-
time and part-time instructor. Bldg. B, Conference Room, Student 
Center. Free. 

3 pm: Target Study Skills - reading and notetaking. Warren 
College, Building 406. 

3-5 pm: Telling It Like It Is: Careers in Public Health . Talk with a 
health educator, and two other people from the Department of Public 
Health speaking on Public Health Nursing and Epidemiology . North 
Coriference Room, Student Center. Free. 

3: 30 pm-5 pm: ' Graduate Student Group - This group for graduate 
students will focus on interpersonal and social concerns. Dan Munoz 
and Susan Hauer, facilitators. For additional information and to sign 
up call Dan Munoz at x3585. 2105 Humanities & Social Sciences 
Building. 

4-5 pm: Weight Maintenance Group. This group will use a behavior 
modification approach toward maintaining desired weight. It will 
include re-Iearning of eating patterns, and behaviors associated with 
food and eating will be taught. Sharing of solutions. group problem-
solving and discussion will go on. 412 Warren Campus. 

4-S pm; Karate. North Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Yoga . Adaptive Room. 
4: 30 pm: A.A.S.A. (Asian American Student Alliance) meeting to 

discuss final plans for trip to Manzanar on Saturday. Special guest 
speaker. East Conference Room, Student Center. 

s pm: History ,gl'ad_ student Sandra Ogawa will speak on the 
relocC'ltion of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Everyone 
welcome to learn and share the tragedy of this experience in 
American history. Sponsored by A.A.S.A. Free. East Conference 
room, Student Center. 

6 pm: Advanced Bicycle Maintenance Class. For the slightly 
skilled bike rider/ mechanic - fix your own bike. Bike Shop, Student 
Center. Free. 

7 pm: Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All students, 
faculty and staff are cordially invited. Student Office, Argo Hall. 

7 pm: Friends of the International Center will present " An 
Evening in Y'lgosiavia" with Dr. Roza Hajdukovic, M.D., visiting 
Fulbright Scholar. There will be a demonstration of Yugoslavia, and 
an informal conversation with Dr. Roza and her husband, Dr. 
Cedomir Hajdukovic. InternatiQnal Center on Matthews Campus. 
Free . Please make reservations by Friday, April 14, at the 
International Center Office, 452-3731. 

7 pm: Surf Club meeting. APM 2250. 
7 pm and 9 pm showings: Movie; " Everything You Wa nted To 

Know About Sex." USB 2722 . Sponsored by Galathea Hall, Revelle: 
Admission: $1. 

H pm: Juggling . Rec. Conf. Room. 
7-10 pm: Fencing. West Balcony. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
7:30 pm: Film: " Scenes of the Class Struggle in Portugal" - An 

analysis of the political situation in Portugal. Sponsored by the 
Committee for World Democracy. Free. TLH 104. 

3 pm: Live entertainment. A John Muir week event. Muir 5 & Dime. 
Free. 

8 pm: Geological Sciences Seminar, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. Speaker: Glyde H. Moore, Jr., Louisiana State 
University. Subject: "Diagenetic controls over porosity distribution 
in ancient carbonate rock sequences." IGPP Conference Room. 

3 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments , and activities that encourage interaction. Phone: 452-
S092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

8: 30 pm: Improvised duets performed by Jeff Greenberg (acoustic 
and electric pianos) and Michael Dawson (electric bass, clarinet and 
misc_) in the Side Door. Free_ 

10: 30 pm: Ice Hockey. Mira Mesa House of Ice. 

Frioay 
Sign-up for the Foosball Doubles Tournament. Competition for fun 

and trophies. Sign-up at EDNA (Student Information Desk) .. 
Tournaments will be held in the Student Center gameroom on 
Saturday April 22 from Noon-6 pm. Free. 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provid d, if desir d. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - help with course papers. For 
appointment ca ll 452·2522. 1254 H-L. Fr e . 

Open 10 am-S pm: Page One is the first place to tu rn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2 167. 

10: 15 am: Ic Skating. Ice Capade Chal t . 

P95 

II am: John Muir's Birthday Party. Free ice cream and cake. Noon 
concert with "Surprise." A John Muir week event. Muir Quad. 

11 am-3 p: WOW Fair - Approximately fifteen health science 
careers will be represented. Stop by to visit with the professionals. 
Area between the gym and the Student Center. 

12-1 pm: Weight Maintenance Group. This group will use a 
behavior modification approach toward maintaining desired weight. 
It will include re-Iearning of eating patterns, and behaviors 
associated with Cood and eating will be taught. Sharing of solutjons, 
group problem-solving and discussion will go on .. 412 Warren 
Campus. . 

12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditati0l1. Free. Instruction provided. if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. . 

12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12: 05 pm: Marine Biology Seminar, Scripps Institution of 

Oceanography. Speaker: Dr. Richard Forward, visiting scientist , 
SIO. Subject: " Biology of crustacean larvae." Biology Building. 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Table Tennis . Rec. ConL room. 
5-12 pm: Need a quiet, supportive place to study on Friday night? 

Students for Suppportive Allopathic Study (SSAS) will open Garren 
Auditorium, BSB 1105, to all UCSD students as a study hall on Friday 
from 5 pm to midnj~ht. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

7-11 pm: " What's Cooking? 11" - A week~nd of performances from 
music, drama, visual arts, and literature - conference begins. 408 
Warren College. 

7 pm.and 9: 30 pm showings: Movie: "Bobby Deerfield." Sponsored 
by University Events Office. USB 2722. Admission: $1.25. 

7: 30 pm: Alpha Omega Alliance cosmic astrology and its relation 
to higher consciousness. Muir Bio Bldg_ Room 1103_ Free. 

S pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Phone: 453-
3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

8: 30-11: 30 pm: The Ridiculous Theatrical Company in "Stage 
Blood" which is a ribald, rowdy "Hamlet" with a bappy ending. 
Admission: UCSD student $3, general $4.50. Sponsored by Arts and 
Lectures. _ 

8: 30 pm-I: 30 am: Program and dance - evening of entertainment 
and a dance afterwards. Revelle Cafeteria. Sponsored by MECHA. 
Admission: $3 single; $5 couple. 

Saturday 
7: 30 am-7: 30 pm: "The Venice Art Community: A One-Day Visit to 

Artists ' Studios," presented by UC San Diego Extension, will take 
participants to studios to meet the artists and see how their work and 
lives relate. Participants to studios to meet in the Chancellor's 
Parking Lot, Administrative Complex (formerly Matthews 
Campus) , UCSD. Fee: $45, includes transportation. Bring a bag 
lunch or plan to purchase lunch. 

9 am-4 pm: " The Unmarried Couple and California Law", a UC San 
Diego Extension course. will focus on oractical. legal problems likely 
to be encountered: debts, renting, buying property, insurance, 
credit, children, more. Emphasis on "real" problems. Room 1M, 
Third Lecture Hall Bldg., Third College Campus, UCSD. Fee: $30. 
Bring a bag lunch. 

9: 30 am-4: 30 pm: "Assertiveness Trainjng for Women: A One-Day 
Workshop", will help women build a capacity for assertive behavior. 
Presented by UC San Diego Extension. North Conference Room, 
Student Center, UCSD. Fee: $25. Bring a bag lunch. 

11 :30 am-Midnight : " What's Cooking? ft ' - a weekend of 
performances continues with informal discussions and Meta Cafe 
included . 418 Warren College. 

Noon-6 pm: Student Center Foosball Doubles Tournament. 
Competition for fun and trophies. Sign-up at EDNA (Student 
Information Desk) . Tournaments will be held in the Student Center 
Gameroom. Free. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 

5-12 pm: Need a quiet place to study Saturday night? Students for 
Supportive Allopathic Study, a student organization open to all UCSD 
students. will open Garren Auditorium BSB 1105 as a study hall on 
Saturday from 5-12 pm. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

8 pm: L.A. Monday Evening COllcert Ensemble . DIrector 
Dorrance Stalvey, Selections from Stravinsky, Ligeti, others. 
Mandeville Auditorium. Sponsored by Music Dept. 

3 pm-12 millnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Phone: 452-
3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

Sunday 
8: 30 am: Catholic Mass . University-Community Church. 
10: 30 am : CathOlic Mass . University-Community Church. 
10 am: Lutheran folk mass with Pastor John Huber. University-

Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
12: 03 pm: Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community Church, 

9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
I pm: Day on the Green no. 2. Featuring eight power hour of music 

with: Celebration, Horizon , Focal Point and New Joy . A John Mujr 
week event. Muir Quad. 

I pm: Center for Psychological Revolution. Introductory video-
di cussion programs on a new way to organize life. 1529 Hornblend 
Street, Pacific Beach. 273-4673. Free. 

1: 30-11 pm: " What's Cooking?1T' , - Performance Con(erence final 
day of events. 408 Warren College. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass . University-Community Church. 
Open 7-10 pm: Pag,e One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Common , next to 5 & Dilll . Pholl . 452-;/:16-,. 
8 pm: Harpsichordist Leonhardt - Dutch Harpsichordist Gustav 

Leonhardt plays Bach, Forqueray. Admi ion: UCSD tud nt: 3.00, 
General Admission: $6.50. Mandevlll Auditorium. Sponsored by 
Music Dept. 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback afe is a comfortable gathering 
plac for tudents which off r nightly entertainm nt, a vari ty of 
refre hments , and aciivitie that encourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 ( vening ) for updat d program information. 711 Warren 

ampus. Fr e. 



,.... 

We Need 

v LUNTEERS 
to help wit the ASUCSD Elections on 
May 2nd an 3rd. For more info call the 
ASUCSD Elections Committee at Ext. 
4450. 

If you're a Senior with a major or minor in the sciences or 
engineering and you're interested in learning a language and 
travel , we're interested in you. Applications and information 

ril 17. 10 am to Noon in the Career Planning and Placement 

Vls[ A vol unteers 5e{VC in aliSO states. 
PuertO Ria>. the Virgin Islands. GJam, and 
American Sarma. Volunteers work with 
low-income groups whose major purpose 
is to increase the voice of poor people in 
the decision-making processes of a com-
munity. The problems of poor people are 
the problems of each of us. 

If you're a Senior with interests in Social Science or 
Education, add a year of Vista t o you r life. 
Applications and information April 17, 10 am to 
Noon in the Career Planning and Placement Office . 

sports. 
Badminton 
brushes Mesa 

by Karen Hunter 
Staff Writer 

.......,. AprIl 17. 117. 

I 
I 

Top quality coaching and 
healthy attitudes furnish a firm 
foundation for the UCSD co-ed 
badminton program. The team, 
coached by lint year coach and 
former San Diego State 
badminton standout, Fred 
Koch, currently holds a 2-1 
season win/loss record. 

UCSD· .... *riM.,. t ....... rfo ...... _c ..... iIII ... t weeki 
w .... tlley ..... t_ M ... C .... 17·7. wa..u.s .. tc .... .. 
...... ....... , --' ............................ ... The team caotured its second 

win against Mesa College, 
downing them 17-7. The total 
score is an accumulation of 
points from men's and women's 
singles. doubles and mixed 
matches . 

Standout performances in 
men's singles came from Hal 
Jacobs defeating Charlie 
James, 18-4, 15-17. 15-10. and 
Pablo Lucero defeating 
Howard Amster, 11-15, 15-2. 15-
4. 

Women sweep 
In women's singles, the top 

five Triton players: C. Stein-
berg, L. Fried, J . Orbuch. T. 
Nguyen and C. King, posted 
easy wins over their Mesa 
opponents. 

The men's doubles teams of 
Zoller/ Preus and Standlee/ 
Shulkin added two easy 
victories to the team's score. 
The women' s duo of Linda 
Fried and Trang Nguyen 
played a tum around match. 
finally ending with a win. 2-15. 
15-{1. 15-6. 

UCSD .OUTING CLUB 
Presents 
"Journey to 

r the Outer Limits" 
an Outward Bound moyie. 

Tuesday, April 18, at 6:30 pm 
RIC Gym Conferencl Room 

.ao. ..... . 
The best matches of the 

afternoon were found in the 
mixed doubles division . Joe 
Starvish and Carl Steinberg 
fought and won an uphill 
struggle, 8-15, 15-13. 15-10. Mark 
Zoller and Trang Nguyen 
rounded up the action with a 
match score of 15-13, 15-9. 

Fred Koch speaks highly of 
his team and is quite impressed 
with their dedication and 
efforts . In building up the 
program Koch's objective is in 
trying " to teach something 
new, a better skill or under-
standing of the game , to 
whoever comes in to be on the 
team." 

Team cut 
As is the usual occurance in 

athletics at UCSD the team size 
ha's been drastically cut down 
since the 'opening day of 
practice. Twelve men and six 
women remain on the team to 
finish up spring quarter play. 
Kock has been working with 

these dedicated team members 
on basic skills and strategies. 

" Most of the players have 
never had any individual 
coaching." Koch explained. 
" They know the basic skills but 
need polishing. I've tried to 
break the bad habits and 
smooth out any weaknesses I 
have found." Tbe team has also 
been fortunate enough to 
receive coaching help from the 
number one female player in 
the United States . Cheryl 
Carton . Ms. Carton plays with a 
San Diego badminton club and 
was a former UCSD student. 

The team's next opponent is 
San Diego State University. 
probably the strongest team in 
the nation this year. The match 
will be played at UCSD on April 
20 at 4: 00 pm. Coming up in May 
are the men 's and women's 
California State Champion-
ships to be played at the 
Federal Building in San 

Don Peterson 
Outward Bound Instructor 

will be there to contribute. WITH Judas Priest 
Introducing 

SUNDAY. Fandango 
APRIL23 San Diego Civic Theatre 

All seats reserved . $ 6.50. 6.0 O. Tickets available 
at Center Box Office , 202 "e" St. atl Select·A·Seat oultets and 

I Gornbll~'s 

SOPHOMORES JUNIORS 
FLIGHT PLAN FOR YOUR FUTURE WITH AVROC 

/Aviation Reserve Offic. Candidatel A Co!. ProIram of tile Navy 
Will you start out as a professional in the field of your cholet rilllt after coIII&e1 Or 
like so many others these days, will you lie farucllD lind just lIlY old job liliiii the 
one you've been educated for CCIIIIIS ,,1 
Suppose on the other hand you could step ifnmtd!aIIIy intD a 11JOd1llYIIII (S 12,5OOJ 
til start and $20,500 In 4 yunt .x_ job tIIat you bepn Irainln& for (with PlYI 
dIKilll summer vacation between your Juntor and Senior yun? 
This Is the WIY of AVROC, 1 once-In-a-lifltiml1IIIPOI'IIIIIIt WIitlnI for cohee 
SOPHOMORES, and JUIIORS willi ......... 11 011 the bill. 
AVROC muns ucitemlnt and chllllnp IItd 1 wlY III .... faur III 1Iv. yllfS IS 1 
Naval Avlltlon 0ffIc • . Tr ......... _, pInIIIf ...... .-.IC. In 1 world of 
professionIIs. 
It's chaI .... III qullify far the AVROC P!elrllll. It IIkIa Ibov.· ...... IIIIIth 
(you don't need 20/20 vislonl. inIIIIIpnce. stImIna and drIv. til I'IIIkIIt. IIcaust 

IIYI~ modern jet alrcrlft Is a demlndinl profession, pllysicJlly, IIIIIItIIIy and 
spiritu.lly. you don't fillll any kids drlvinl UVY planes. 

YOU MAY APPlY WlntOUT OIUGATlOIII 
For mOl.lnfOlll1ltion eontIct: "" !!Ivy Infannllion T ... fOI 0Irtcer Prop_It UCSO car .. 
PI.."",, and PIac_t Offici . AprIl 2S-28. 10 l1li-2 pm. 01 ell LT. JolIn Cllalklu t2IU444. 

MA~e I deC:Wo.· Io" You 
and Yow'" enlve wtda. 

free Cou ...... 1Id AW ' 
Pro-t ifele _ _ HOTLINE SlHlFl 

.. , 

PRECISION CumNG 
SlUNCARE 

.lULUET MANICURING 

Ac ............. s.a-

UI. Hoi..., Ct. 
. R"ht by'" .loll. Vii ........ 

451-0610 
'''' DlIICOUHT ON seRv ICES 

(. .. "" ::'Iudent or ~aa.I" 10 ~. 11<,"9 Ihll;; . coupon : 4. 

... ....,. ApfI17.1m triton times 

Classlfleds 
personals 

Lulu l.ulu. ,.,.,.I jual loryuuyou' C,", .... ", .. ,lh 
nnk-h luve JOI'1e (4117, 

BR IGHT. LOVING . CHILDl.ESS couple .... 
"". llhy d • • k·<ompluloowd lpoulbly Jowl ... 
woman" bel r the m _ c hild b y artUIt..' la l 
1_1 ... ' I0Il Plt_ ... _' ... iI_ .......... 
pho, ... 8 01 U5 14 h a Dltlo. CA 12121 W Ill 

R.wa rd'o< M um of. rilhl·""_ " lu.,.1Il llove 
Loot .. !plio m ... lh.o "'1""" A ..... ncI RecCym. 
,,'- <011 S. ... , uI4!\3 .. I42 WI7I 

,.,CIII\£L DEAN. world's lur • ..- hy"""lial wili 
"Is" t;CSD Muir C~ .. Monday . Aprol 17 in the 
lIItuir CMft!lerilt at I : a . SponIof"t.'d by ~uir Pt'Olr~m 
8011rd . FRt:E 141171 

rOOK' _the ..... , MICH ... EL DE ... N on Monduy 
Apri+-t7 . • . • pnlln the Mu.ir('oUe'f'CMf~tena ' ll'. 
1'8t:£. Spuowor..t by Muor " "".am _rd. 14/ 171 
lIuve )'OU t\'er v.'ondered " ' twl ('o~r art' MI CliAEl. 
l,.:AN ', ~)'el" We d.i.lr~ you 10 find out!! ! Monda~. 
April 17 In the Muir C.M.ri .... . pm f'R EE 
SJ,lonJJ.oreod by Muir Prt.llrUnt Board , .. ,111 

Stop urbun I prawl in ~n Die.o-help rw:eded on 
initiative drl\'{: .. t:ct ll .. S-6 .. 02 ..... (4 / IS) 

Subjed want~ for run &: I interestin, psych. t.'xp. 
Musl ~ rrt h. or soph .• non' PI\)"('h , non ·K'k-nc.~ 
mu}or. S2 OI/ hr lor OM hr. ,,~.$92 - ... sk for Jud) . 
141m 

Bender ••. 
(Continued from page 1) 
sc ience department in this 
century. 

The reputation of the depart-
ment depends primarily on the 
reputa lion of t he fac ulty . 
according to Lakoff. " The 
people we appoint mus t be able 
to be hired a nywhere." said ' 
La koff . " It helps put t he 
department on the map and it 
helps aUract good graduate 
students. " 

Watson spoke for the Third 
College community, who he 
said was prepared to give up a 
faculty position in order to keep 
Bender. "We would have done 
virtually anything to retain 
him." _ 

Referring to Bender's case. 
Watson felt that Bender was 
"critical to the development of 
the goals of Third College. This 
is the most critical appoint-
ment we've 'bad in the college 
this year." 

Bender says that he is " 99 
percent sure" that he will not 
return to UCSD for a third 

(Please tum to page 8) 
JOBSI JOBSI JoBSI 

We specialize In ass,sting students 
obtain summer employment. Many 
jobs require litlle or no experience. 
Some jobs pay S8-$10 per hour. Wrote 
lor FREE Inlormation. STUDENT 
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE . 3504 
Huntsman Sacr/lmento. CA 95826. 

~In the way of righteousness is 
li fe; and in the pathway 
thereof there is no death." 
Proverbs 
Christian Selmee Is billed on the 
Bible alMl Science and Heahh 
with Key to the Scriptures by 
Mary Baker Eddy . Campus 
Counselors at UCSD are Paul 
and Anne Homund. can "~3-
5217 for an appointment or 
lelephone v iIi!. 

LEGAL EDUCA nON 
(lW) 

ADVISORY PROGRAM 
PrIIIntI 

HOW TO USE A 
LAW LIBRARY 
~y,ApriI 24,1878 

3~:OOpm 
..., .... UIinIy 
1111 FrIIIt ShIt R.s.v.'.: 

0rInee L ....... 452~ 
EIIf W .. CoIep 

AcI'lmIc .......... Prop_ 

w • ........,. ...... ...,. . ........ 'or..-' ..... fin .. ot 
P,_ .. NpM . .. -. ... III ..... 

I ht fo,.,..I." 1M .... I'" for_l.alN den Who nt )'ou 
tII" 'ne If) '''' ronnel." dw .... f. 11) 
U.f trOdo shaY .... up • Nif IIWrr) .. dlltKW 1M 
S",tft. 11'10 .... N'lh al the HU4CI .1 0. ... 11 14 17) 

Alt lOU (_~IK. "'1I' y, MtttIfIt, ...... ilrltt,u,..;cl'l"'r':" Ir 
"" , and )011 w.0titW Ilh to ~k It .,ad~h()n. cuntalOl UW 
MUll Dun', otrMll!!! (4 It) 

" h' k h NtH dass ida IIC'III jlCh 1M0r4 IMn AU4:h '«tUidw 
Oa\ti ~ INdI ntfMN rech, ""~w:1lt wnd .yrtllv 

.~(_kt Ouch, _nft l )u ulm Htl't/cn filMkn k~ntt'l . 
MK" M r. r IY ~tf1ttfw ... mo«ht c tC:h "11 dlf Irltnd .... nn 
tint LIt_Itt: III"keA. IlJH Jr. '. 19, 

no you l. "" .. . -"'1 -C .. ry Mo.r" ~ned INd .... -.rdll" .... 
kewmpa •. Ihlnk .btMlI II! 14 17~ 

for sale 
1m Triump/l Splt'i ... . 1101 condition. low mil ... 
A fo(.I I'M c .... ~,. play.r._ . C.IIW1~ 141m 
f·orS.": Pio .... r ca_ttedeck .ndl'M7~ .... _ 
14/1" 

wanted 
W._: Subjeclilor Brain Wave Elp .. In edie.1 
Scbool II.IH 11·» . rlahl-banded. n .lO/ br Cali 
Dobbie .utI 14/ 171 

Ride nMded to SUSl' for folk felll"-MI To and/or 
rrom the e~en ln. l'ont-elU Ca ll Gary ;,( 4S3-t911 
,4117) 

Nftdutr.1Sft Ittnt ""yourc.lucut.10,. 1r. fur'CI fOl' 
thU quarlu , 'ru! C.II 0 ,.1'1 '66~411) 14 It, 
S"')Kt,tOf bt'1lin "\lcu,., in Med.ul School. M.k-1 I'" 
JO '.' hlnded Sl.XI hr, C.N Dtbbit .. 42f1O I M.5 IJ 

services 
PROl'ESSIONAL THESIS / MANUSCRIPT 
TYPING : Experl need : thoroo,hly ramill.r with 
.. II (orm ' Ityle requirements, RU!onjobi accepted . 
IBM Correctill/f Selectric If Iypewrlter Day 516-
3311: eve. 58I-2947 Hilt. 

OavllClauicsize 5li.ht new It rinllI S3S wilh t.'Over. T),pin,-experienced, reliable , reasonable. IBM 
eMil belween ' · 12 411 " ~Jt Jurce 14 /% 1 ) , Correc.1inl Seleclrk'. C..III anytime 455.(112:1, Mrs 

Old • . " /91 
To jive away two loveable do •• 1hal we are unable 
to keep. call Mitch or Jane. 223-n49 or 2249052 TYPING' IBM ~1«1nctenn p • • ,.~ theses, PhD. 
(4/ %1, dl '~n"lIO$, ~ilm¥l, HI 'SH J( 4~.510-

817 1 21R-493" H2 ~iIIB (~II) 
fltI M~rl.' Cok.wI) ~ark W. ,UII 10 pa.n . rack . rum lrelll 
1.Sf) Wed:dJy, en· l,.l . e\e, 417-97Sii Sch ... ~k:r 14 21' 

70 I O)ota Corona '" "lertO I~ or ftc)1 Uflr-f .. .sS·I91" 
14 I II ) 

74 <.:hc\ Ve .. Hllc hb.c" ~C'4 IM_kc), ihoch. aood tires. 
lood cond U .OOO ml SlotOO or tabl offe r 4.H .. )KS114 21t 

housing 
M/ Christi a n eeks roo nlma le(si s tarUn, this 
quarter, SDSC ma th senior Plan lo be Grad 
Student her e In (ull 5'3· 244 0 Jon C4117, 

... housemalf wanted. 3 miles rrom UCSD 2 blocks 
lrom beach IJ30/ monlh. Ca ll arter 6 pm 4~ 
WI7I 

Rm for ,rwj ma~ $11 ) mo. tV AP92..oc' ofrlCt Ph ,,2124 
CM ~21) Urty Au il I m~"'ld) nanc JUAU) f I" 21) 

Udu" one bedr oum nur UCSD rueplace , Jill CU"1 
SilO "",n,h 155"2211 f ' 211 

travel 
~ ISRAEL lhls Jummer . .. ·.ntMU,. opportunuy· 
student I ""'P. , w~ks . Visit Kne.et . Kibbull. " 
mere! Paul·n t -75M (41171 

BOOK ON C ... MPUS· Europe. HawaII and N.w 
~ork Cbi"er I'",hls . CIEE Stud •• t Tra.el . 
Student C""ler ~. Opel! wtelodayslH. call~. 
_CI191 

Tutorin, - C.lc,IIu . All_bra. Tn, . Anal CGeoml. 
Pbyslcs . Statio"cI . Call Ish 217 ·47~1 C5/24) 

Medic .. 1 Sc holanhlps , 500 immedia te . ·year 
medical schol arships available Lo enlering or 
enrolle<l med ,udents. c.oll Navy Medical Team 
293.- . C4/211 

car stereu. co IOstull.Jti on. n.'~ur and &lIes 10 yed"!!I 
t')(~ ('iJll Un)lullt: K<.IrJ 75516t;.\ S U C" / 21, 

E'(pf'rlenced t)'PIII the st.'~ &: d luertatlons 
reiJ5OO.Jblc Tale , Quaill)' IUOAranleed. caU Ci ndy 
270·t.!36 H!l9) 

The Book Case 
P.".,b«kI 
EXCIUIiv.ly 

lJ::sl:;'.;;; :iiiiI'i'2-,"'&:1\I 
ThouNftdl ... Of 

Paoafbeck. 
PNviouily owned 

All 1/2 price 
lOc to $1 .00 
or trlde 2 'or 1 

Cllllics 
Belt Sell." 
Romllneel 
Non_F ict ion·hL.l=;:s;It:s!!:!YiI~1 
Mystlfi.s 
Sci.nce Fiction 
. .. AIi c.tlgories 
I mported gree t ing cards. 
postcards. gi lt wra p and 
postet$. 
" Marcel Schurman" exclusively . 

Open until 9 PM 
737 ""rUuiti 108 I 

(nut to the Soup Exch'll9Il 
L, Jolt, 464·9832· 1~ 

Impl. Pl rk,"9 ,n rear ~ 

PANDA PRODUCTIONS. INC. 
IN ASSOCIATION 
WITH KSDS 
PRESENTS 

AN EVENING 
WITH 

DIRECTION 
FEATURING 

J.ek DeJohDette 
EddleGo.ez 
Joh. Aberero.ble 
Le_ter Bowie 

TUESDAY, APRIL 18TH 8 PM 
STRAITA HEAD SOUND 

7578 ELCAJON BLVD., LA MESA 
TICKETS: 15.50 ADVANCE SI.50DOOR 

TtCKETS AVAILABLE AT BOX OFFICE 4e4-118e AND 
ALL TICKETRON OUTLETS 5M-8e47 

lost & found 
Found Cash on ("~ mpul MondilY nile Tell nw 
wheR".Jnd ho .. mIlCh itnd )ou' \'e ,ot II bdCk J l' 
·n3·73Y9 It ' 14J 

I JW!ollot klktd in IN.' hlOS Who ~.~ round my $hm 
~u.JNtf un \1ulr "' K'id . pl .... r-t· !Urn Iht'Ol In .H TT 
I" 191 

" uund H.t PIn naif 'hldeftl Cen'~, . comr 10 rr 10 
dr-nhf) 
1.-, red cordum) JoKl.ct In lISB )010 1m " 14 I( found 
pte It call 'lui II 291 . ... 7. 

" aund ke )'s In APM 211)·(1"11'1 .1 rloH, ... t 

"eNM sbltboa rd call 46J..J1M c'OCn~p pk:~lIC. lO dllm 
l uttle ''') whokfl hltcak:uml,.,I"m)UrOnlhcafternoon 
of Apnll ptase: ull oII5.)..(ISJ(1 

"OYM ukylalor 1ft Tl H 107 on 4 12 ., 1.00 pm c.u 
('lwrl.e al 451.S7)J 

I.o~" II brn tcalMr " .. Utt bl .. " rturd 4: Bonner II round 
la rn In to n om" or c.11 " ~J..1 47J 

A"'''~~ 

Attention 
Muir 

Seniors: 
Would you like 
to speak at 
Graduation? 

Contact the 
Muir Dean's Office 

by April 2111 

$1.50 Studeat. 
$2 G.A. 

Ticket.: 
UCSD Box Office 

452-4559 

w ................. w"""'~ 
TUESDAY, APRIL 18 

A 
NEW 

MANDEVILLE AUD. 7 & 9:30 p m 
Sponsored by F nonds 01 ,he Pron' C<>op 

---------------' 

UCSD Theatre presents: 
April 20 - 23 ! 25-30th 

8:00 pm . 

MUSICAL BY 
WILLIAM GLOVER 

ADAPTED IN RHYME PRQM LEWIS CARROLL 's CLASSIC 
ALICE IN WONDERLAND 

Tickels: 
$2.50 STUDENTS $3.75 (Jf:JlERAL 

may be obtained at the UCSD Thea~e Ticket 
Office, Weekdays, from NtJvn - 4 : uu rm 

CALL: 452-4574 
TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW.' 

THEATI2E 



...... trIIIII-· .......... AprI17. 1171 

D THE WOIlLD Arts/Entertainment WAYSI 
CaD ToU-Fr , anytime for your FREE 1978 B B 
Travel Cat" gue, the most comprehensive e op: a 
travel direct ry ever published. Over S()()() fair exchange 
charters lis ed, escorted tours, air/sea by Steve Gould 
cruises, mini vacations. . Be Bop Deluxe's concert last 
Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) Thursday in theUCSDgymnas-
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per ~~~~r;::N!hedp:::e~~f!!a~~ 
week. band's development - they are 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts ., ~~~~~t~onne~t~t:Pqi~a":~!if~~ 

... Client Protection emphasizing showmanship and Bill Nelson is using the group 
Vnited California Traveline, Inc. more than ever as a vehicle for 
~::=::::::::=:::=====~~~~t:;=~ his guitar playing. 

__ In a crisp 75 minute set whicll 
ended after midnight (Be Bop's 
road crew experienced travel 
difficulties in Arizona, causing 
a delay in starting time of the 
show), Be Bop Deluxe shunned 
many of their old crowd 
pleasers in lieu of new material 

JOHN MUIR COLLEGE WEEK 
April 1-6-23, 1978 

In recognition of John Muir's birthday ,a"nl 21, from the band's latest Harvest l"I" I LP Drastic Plastic and songs 
18381 the week of April 16-23 has been yet to be released on a forthcoming album. devoted to all Muir College students. There 

'11 b k' Gone from the group 's WI e a s atmg party, an evening with musical agenda were " Blazing 
Michael Dean (famous hypnotist), movies, a ~re~,~le.~~~~~eM~~icthsUi~i,~ 
baby picture and trivia contest (with prizes), and "Heavenly Homes ." 
I· t rt . t t 'th k Replacing them were more Ive en e ammen, noon concer WI ca e electronically synthesized and 
and ice cream for all and an afternoon of harder rock tunes, unfamiliar 

to the crowd but still well good band music. So come have fun with us! received. Songwriterllead 
For more INFO contact PAGE ONE I'n the lower vocalist/guitarist Nelson 

offered " Love in Flames", 
Muir Commons: M-F 1~5, M-Th 7-10, Sunday 7-10 " Islands of the Dead" and 
or call 452-2167. "Panic in the World" from Drastic Plastic and a pair of 

Sponsored .by: Muir Promam Board, Muir CollAO'8 outstanding acoustical guitar 
•• ". works from the unreleased Council Muir Res. Hall Council PAGE ONE. reportoire. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~p-~ __ ~ 

Hewlett Packard 
Super Sale 

HP21 Scientific 
Performs 32 

Preprogrammed Functions 

$64.00 
SUI. Ret. ~8e.OO 

HP25 Programmable 
Scientific Programmer 

with 72 built-in 
functions with 

8 memories 

$99.00 

HP22 Business 
Has 19 Memories 
with Mathematical 

and Statistical Functions 

599.00 
UI. Ret. 5115.00 

HP27 Scientific 
Scientific Functions 
plus Statistics and 

Finance 

5140.00 
UI. Rd. 5175.00 

Available at the University Bookstore 
April 17 thru April 28 Limited quantity in tock! 

Bop DeJaxe' .... ia .... 8m Neleo., caapt here ia _ 
iIIte .... poee. 

Apparently, Be Bop Deluxe 
sees a new musical horizon 
which will surpass older 
material in critical acclaim 
and mold a new genre, one 
including emphasis on , as 
Nelson termed it "change ... the 
music will continue to evolve. ' 

The entertainer 
Showmanship had high 

priority in Be Bop's show as 
Nelson and bassist Charlie 
Tumahai shared the limelight 
in many of the group's num-
bers . Tumahai 's constant 
hopping and dancing and 
shaking his head as if trans-
fixed by his own bass playing 
and the overall intensity of the 
music proved a pleasing side 
show. He joined Nelson twice 
under the spotlight ala Mic 
Jagger / Keith Richards , 
leaning back to back as the pair 
rattled off continuous clean 
licks. 

Nelsonized 
It was Nelson, though, who 

commanded the attention of the 
half filled gym. Sporting a 
flashy silver jacket and looking 
pale, Nelson espoused an eerie 
image of David Bowie, parti-
ularly when the spotlight 

glared on him during his short 
vocal works. During a rousing 
encore of "Fair Exchange" , 
Nelson captivated the crowd 
with his singing and charis-

matic efforts. 
Nelson's guitar mastery was 

the most evident facet of the 
show. Interchanging the use of 
three guitars, he changed the 
tempo of the songs at will (a Be 
Bop trademark, as personified 
in "Ships in the Night") without 
slipping a bit. Although still a 
relative unknown (Be Bop 
Deluxe) has put out five 
albums, Nelson two solo LPs) 
in the commercial world , 
Nelson proved he has reaced 
the plateau of such masters as 
Jeff Beck, Phil Manzenera (ex 
of Roxy Music) and the late 
Tommy Bolin. 

Gonged 
Second billed Tilman Tho-

mas was gonged during th 
fourth song of their short 
punkish set. As the concert was 
well behind schedule and the 
crowd wanted to hear the main 
attraction, the San Diego-based 
Thomas band (which mistak-
enly bills themselves as a new 
star in rock) had the lights 
turned on and the mics shut off 
after 20 minutes on stage. 

Opening the show was 
Horslips, which amiably ran off 
ten songs, mostly Irish ballads 
utilizing electric violin and 
flute . Horslips' own composi-
tion "Sword of Light ", a 
searing guitar and violin piece, 
highlighted their 40 minute set. 

St.ff photogr.pher S ••• Ho .... c ••• ht Horellp.· b ••• 
gait.riat i. lIIotio., •• iD. • .hatter .peed of o ...... arter 
•• co .... 

Candidates ... 
( ontinued from page 3 

Candidates with no slate 
affiliations are: for President: 
Sindler, Boozer and Ritter. For 
Vice-president: Robin King 
and Rachel Cohen. For Aca-
demic Affairs: Rob Strom, Jon 
Osborne and John Psrobst. For 
Comlnunications: Paul Karoff, 
and James Montgomery. For 
Appointments and Evalua -
tions: Mik Russo. For Activity 
Fe : ynthla Kin y. 

( Bender case ... 1 
(Continued from pale 7) 

temporary year position that 
had been offered "out of 
respect and affection," 
according to Lakoff. Bender 

f el that he would be " aban-
doning " lh tud nt if he 
conlinu d to d velop their 
intere t a nd th n left the 
univ rsity . 


