
......... ' ....... 1171 

Congress ponders 
tuition relief bills 

by Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor 

Two bills, both designed to 
provide relief for middle-
income families caught in a 
financial pinch because of the 
rapidly spiraling cost of 
education, are currently racing 

Prog.ram, the Guaranteed 
Student Loan Program, the 
work study program and the 
Supplemental Educational 
Opportunity Program. 

. through Congress. 

The tax credit legislation 
would cost approximately $4 
billion after its first three years 
of operation, according to its 
supporters . Opponents of the 
measure say the cost would be 
higher. 

A 500-aeat til_tn, to be co-epouored by UCSD _d the SaIl Diego TII_tre _d Art. 
Foa"tioa, ie c.rNatly p ..... d to occapy the area "ceat to the Hamaaitiee Library. 

More OKs needed for theatre 
Plan needs Regental, environmental approval 

by John Hondros 
Staff Writer 

According to the agreement between the UC 
Regents and the Theatre and Arts Foundation of 
San Diego for a reperatory theatre, the theatre 
will not be a reality unless the Regents approve 
t he schematic design and associated 
Envi ronmental Impact Report and other 
environmental documents and permits required 
by law concerning the proposed site. 

the State Clearing House for approval. After the 
results of the report are received, it will be re-
written and sent off to the Regents for 
ratification, he said. Sites doesn' t anticipate any 
problems with the report, as the proposed 
location for the theatre is not in the coastal zone. 

If the planning and construction costs exceed 
$2.2 million, either the Foundation will provide 
the additional necessary funding or the theatre 
will be scaled down in size, according to 
Director of Capital Budget li nd Space 
Management Anton Witte. 

Acco rding to Assistant Chancellor of 
Facili ties Management Donald Sites.' the 
Environmental Impact Report is still in pre-
paration. Sites explained that the report will be 
put into draft form, whereupon it will be sent to 

"The predicted cost is based on past 
experience $2.2 million seems pretty 

(Continued on back pa~e ) 
Azusa's Berry says "I'm sorry" . 
Volk: no.comment on legal action 

bY'Steve Gould 
Sports Editor 

A University of California 
ge neral legal council has 
advised both injured Triton 
basketball player Peter Volk 
and UCSD Athletic Director 
Judy Sweet " not to make a 
tatement" regarding pending 

criminal charges against an 
Az usa Pacific College ball 
player . 

In a meeti'ng last Friday 
afternoon to discuss potential 

Women's Day 
activities set 

Cam pus a c't i viti e s for 
International Women's Day, 
scheduled for today, will be 
sPDns..ored by the Feminist 
Coa lition and the UCSD 
Women's Center, beginning at 
10 am. Workshops will begin 
with Assertiveness Training in 
the North Conference Room, 

uto Workshop at Revelle 
Plaza at 1: 30 pm, Self-help. 
by Woman Care at the Revelle 
Informal Lounge at 3 pm, and 
Teatro Laboral at the Interna-
tional Center at 8 pm. Women's 
music will be heard at noon on 
the gym steps, and an Interna-
tional Potluck at the Student 
Center Lounle is scheduled for 
6 pm. 

legal recourses open to Yolk (as because, " I just don't know 
a result of physical injuries much about legal stuff." 
sustained from a punch thrown 
by Azusa' s Mike Berry) , UC Berry also reiterated his 
attorneys told Sweet any previous statement regarding 
discussion of the incident could the incident, stating, " I'm real 
be damaging to Volk's case. ,sorry. I just got kind of out of 

Volk suffered a fractured 
cheekbone and possible 
permanent damage to his right 
eye after he was punched by 
Berry in an NAIA District 
Three Southern Division game 
on February·24. 

Berry not aware 
In a telephone interview , 

Berry said he was not aware of 
possible legal action by Yolk 
and declined to comment 

hand. It's a mattel' between me 
and Peter." 

Azusa head coach Cliff 
Hamlow immediately suspend-
ed Berry, the Cougar's starting 
center during the regular 
season, even though his team 
had qualified for a berth in the 
NAIA District Three playoffs. 
Without Berry in the line-up, 
Biola College defeated Azusa in 
the first round of the playoffs 
last Thursday, 64-57. 

One bill, which will provide 
"tuition tax credits " to the 
parents of college students and, 
later, to the parents of students 
enrolled in private elementary 
and secondary schools, recent-
ly passed the Senate finance 
committee. 

This bill, which has the 
support of both conservative 
and liberal senators, is chiefly 
sponsored by Sens. William 
Roth (R-Delaware) , Robert 
Packwood (R-Oregon r and 
Daniel Moynihan (D-New 
York) . 

Expansion 
The second measure. which 

would expand the existing 
financial aid programs to 
include more students from 
middle -i ncome families, 
recently gained approval from 
the Senate Human Resources 
Committee. 

This bill , which has also 
generated wide support, is 
being sponsored by Sen. 
Claiborne Pell (D-Rhode 
Island) and Rep. William Ford 
(D-Michigan) at the behest of 
the Carter Administration, 
which drew up the measure as 
an alternative to the tax credit 
plan. 

UCSD Student Financial 
Services Director Tom Rutter, 
in an interview Friday, said 
there is an acute need for some 
form of financial relief for 
middle-income students . 

In the past, Rutter salO , 
financial aids plans have 
always been directed toward 
students from low-income 
backgrounds. But, in the past 
few years, educational costs 
have gone up so quickly that the 
number of middle -i ncome 
students enrolled in college has 
decreased dramatically , he 
said. 

Both bills invo'l ve large 
amounts of money. The Carter 
Administration's version would 
pump between $1.2 and $2 
billion into the Basic Educa-
tional Opportunity Gran! 

UC officials favor the Carter 
proposal. Rutter said the 
university feels the Roth -
Packwood bill would only serve 
to create another bureaucracy 
to handle the tax credits, and so 
be a " waste of money." The 
Carter bill , on the other hand, 
would channel money into 
existing programs. 

More reasons 
Rutter outlined several other 

reasons why he supports the 
Carter bill . One reason is that 
the Administration plan 
delivers the money directly to 
students: "The reality of life is 
that most students would not 
get the money if their parents 
received it through the tax 
credit," he said. 

Another reason Rutter gave 
involved timing: "The Carter 
plan gives the money to 
students when they need it, 
when they are in school. The tax 
credit plan provides money 
after the fact, during the next 
year's tax rebates. 

Packwood . in an opinion 
piece for The Christian Science 
Monitor , gave his reasons (or 
co-sponsoring the tax credit 
plan. Packwood said his bill 
"offers a practical method for 
restoring buying and decision-
making powers to American 
educational consumers while 
preserving a pluralistic 
educational system." 

The senator said the bill 
allows Americans to make a 
choice among the many 
different options available in 
the country ' s educational 
system. The Carter plan, on the 
other hand, takes " a timeworn 
approach and a 'take it or leave 
it' attitude" toward taxpayers. 

Rutter's " unsophistlcated'~ 
prediction is that-t>oth bills will 
probably be passed by Con-
gress. The final decision will 
then lie with Carter, who is 
expected to favor his Adminis-
tration's plan. 

Crew team 
getting ready 

HOW MUCH F RTHER 
GUYS? Member of D's 
wom n's crew team tireles -
ly row aero s Mi ion Bay at 
sunrise. Although th fir t 
meet of the ea on i not until 
April 1 (the an Diego Crew 
Cia ic) , D ha been 
working out ince early 
October. The Triton wo-
men'steamha be nhurtby 
members of last e ' team 
gomg abroad but coach Jack 
Vallerga till ha high hope 
(or the team. Sec tory on 
page 6. 



UC and the CIA 

triton times 

A#o:o- e:.n~ :rlr~~ oc:t £.Grill IoJ i#!aut c.hact-s, 
X"l.nn\', h4s ysf been ~S(u~~ •• _ 

jult ~ promoteb to 
(Oftaill, Xt.onl . I ",-,tran\.: 

TO THE'EDITOR 
Doeumentl rec:eDtly relealed by 'be CeDtral Intelllaence ~---------------~------~-------IIJ!8I--" 

Aleney UDder' a Freedom of InfonnaUon Act request revealed a Meehanl· zatl· on not always freedom Ionl history of CIA con&ac:t.I with &be Universlly of CalUomla 
(Triton Times, Feb. ZZ). These ties include a coIlulioD between the 
alenc:y and favored profeuon, the use of professors u covert 
recruUlal aleDt.I and aD a"em" 10 IUDven normal cbaanels of 
SludeDt recrui&ment to avoid pouible pro&eltl from aDti-CIA 
individuals and IJ'OUPII. 

Information contained in &be documents went a Ionl way Ioward 
c:onfirmlal tbe fean of maDY people, But what could prove most 
significant about the documents is Doc. what Is contained within 
them, but wbat wu excluded. Tbe oDly requesled doc:umeDtI tbe 
aleacy withheld in Iotal, under exemptions iD the fOlA, were 
those that dealt with the oeriod 1974-1m. 

Obviously, this indicates the CIA ltill bas some secret &les with 
tbe universlly, whicb it does DOC wish 10 have revealed. 

Such secret ties are aD abomlaation to tbe worklDp of an 
InstitutioD that II supposed 10 tbrive on the free workinl of ideu. 
Nathan GardeIs, the UCLA IJ'aduate student who filed the orilinal 
FOIA request In May, 1176, hu sent "letter 10 UC President David 
Saxon sta&lal similar sentiment.l and askinl that UC pubUcly 
iDvestllfate and evaluate "tbe full extent of present CIA adivities 
at UC. "This evaluation should then result ill the establisbment of 
guidelines to regulate tbe CIA relationship with the university. 

We agree with Gardels' leuer. The revelations of the released 
CIA documents prove conculsively that a set of specific 
regulations are necessary. Tbe university has the right 10 expect a 
certain academic slandard from its employees, a standard found 
lacking in the dealings of some UC officials and professors with the 
CIA_ 

Gardels suggested that the university use guidelines drawn up 
by Harvard University as a starting point for its own regulations. 
The Harvard guidelines govern the conduct between members of 
its community and the CIA as concerns research contracts, 
consultinl arranlements and recruitinl and propaganda 
activities. They emphulze complete written disclosure of aUluch 
activities and condemn behavior inconsistent with "scholarly and 

Editor: "liberal" one for more corporate/ the labor power aDd buying power 
For some reason, critics of the state control nor a "reactfonary" of the workforce is transferred to 

new IDdlcalor have a habit of ("Luddite") one for smaabing the, the workforce itselffordemocratic, 
writinlr to the Triton Times Troy machines. It is a "revolutionary" as opposed to state or corporate ~ . one which holds that since the imposed, detennination. s:.~Jes :~=~.:.~:!s%~::c:,~ wShOOrUkeldrscoPnrodtroulceitslhs'.!rieabultht·'onthey This iI a view which, if surprising fann mechanization proves the AS W4. II in the austere technological 
eviction of t]l~ Free TrUon is that the very wealth they create enclave of UCSD, Is at least well 
reactionary (IT, Feb. 22) is one should not be uaed to cast them understood by the fannworkers 
example - WhiCh, incidentally, adrift . It is a "progressive" themselves, as well as by the misre~~nts the mechanization ar"ument in that it calls for United Mine Worken, the workers 
Issue,l believe. • of Spain, France, ltal\: etc. Technoloey ",r Ie haa not made relations of production in which the NAME WITHHELD B REQUEST 
" modern man" more affluept or _ ":.: n·!:'h:::t:.... .. ..:o::f.:.a:..:s:.:m::::al::l ~,ro=u:.!:p:...:to:..:co:.:n:.:t::ro::l ____________ --, 
secure (neutron bomb? j . The labor r 
power of mlllions of workers wbo 
produced profit and resources to 
develop technology has done so -
and even then a fair appraiaal 
would bave to note the. dispropor-
tionate distribution of affluence. 

Mechanization should, theoreti-
cally, mean lower priceS,fn a "free 
market" economy - but we don't 
have that. As the new ind1c:ator 
article claimed, one consequence is 
concentration of power among the 
monopolies, a condition that has 
YrodUCed numerous cases of price-ixi ng in industry . Without 
competition you don't have low 
prices, and in monopoly capitalism 
you have very little competition (oil 
monopolies) . 

Free market capitalism is long 
dead and advocacy of it truly 
"reactionary." The new indlcalOr 
position, as I read it, is neither a 

Smear attempt disgusting 
Editor: 

The attempt by Lee Johnson's hit squad (Chris Morrison , Michael 
Brown. Brian Finley, Douglas Lappi , and Lee himselO to smear Steve 
Gould in Wednesday's (March I ) TT was disgusting. 

It was pretty clear that Boss Lee wrote all the letters and assigned 
stooges in his recreational athletics" machine" to submit them. The 
credibility of the letters is demolished by a simple examination of the 
writers' loyalties and Johnson's history of the most sordid abu es of his 
position. • 

One of the writers was the captain of a team that could win a 
championship. as long as Johnson permits it, and the other three are 
Johnson-selected referees dependent on a payroll which he controls. We 
should remember that Johnson's favorite team (which he often puts 
together himself, and sometimes even chanJles the rules so he can play on 
it) always wins the play.offs - through suspicious Circumstances, strange 
refereeing. and just plain disqualification of significant competitors. 

professional oblilations." W' 
A little more emphasis on such things as "scbolarly and arren s name 

professional obligations" is what is neecfed in the relationship 
between the university and tbe CIA. We hope Saxon will undertake 

And don 't forget that Johnson has tried to fire studenl$who worked in the 
cage when they refused to play on his team. Or that he has refused to pay 
students for work rendered, and has arranged for their employment 
records to be altered to cover up. Or that last year he illegally used 
Recreation funds to bur TT ads trying to con us into buying him a new 
(country club) Recreation Center. 

an investigation which leads to the establishment of guidelines D~~ F~st: C II C b' t 
which will help ensure sucb an emphasis_ wouI3lik:~~~pr~ss ~~: di:a~p~ 

val of the college naming process, 
and advance our suggestions for 
improving student representation 

Bekken has lost credibility 
~dltor : 

Aller reading the latest installment of the wit and w.isdom of Jon Bekken 
(11', 2-27-78) , I cannot help but wonder what such a mind is doing at this 

o.I rtlverslty. His letters, apparently a -:veekly feature in the TT, a~e nothin, 
tldt continuous streams of name-calling, Interrupted only occasionally by 
('barges of bias, discrimination, and CIA collusion. It is clear from his 
mJnril .... ~ hlatberings that Bekken is training to become a professional 
irritant - a major which is net !lff" ... ·(L8t UCSD. 

~t is certainly not my desire to challenge Bekken's beliefs or career 
goals, but I am fast becoming numb to his regular installments of paranoia 
i" the editorial pages. His latest work, for example, sta rts by accusing the 
Tf of editorial massacre, then declares that typographical errors are 
a form of censorship, and then' concludes by demanding that the IT 
supplant Its articles with his own lenilhy pearls of wisdom. 

I cannot consider this show of arrogance to be a serious attempt to 
address the problems Bekken sees at this university. He is, in fact, so 
singularly committed to criticil:ing the TT's letlers-to-the-editor poliCy 
hat one might seriously wonder what other reason he has for writing his 

letter . I can only surmise that Bekken seeks some sort of recognition 
which eluded him while he was inside the A S. " sandbox." In that respect, 
he has succeeded - but only at the expense of his credibility . 

NATHAN MEYER 

on major college issues. 
The naming process wa~ n(lt 

representative of student opinIon In 
the followin, ways: 

1) Two students on a committee 
of seven is not representative; 

2) Committee progress was not -
publicil:ed; 

3) The name selected was kept 
secret until final approval by the 
Regents; 

4) A matter o( such magnitude 
should have been submitted to a 
vote of the college student body. 

After due consideration the 
Ca binet has decided on the 
following course of action to 
increase student representation: 

1) Insure that students on all 
major Warren College committees 
be appointed by the Cabinet, or 
elected by the students: 

2) Increase communication and 
cooperation between the Dean's 
office and the Cabinet; 

3) Strive towards a student 
majority on all major Warren 
College cqmmittees. 

The Cabinet is disappointed in the 
way this isaue was handled. We 
would appreciate your written 
commitment to these proposals a8 
soon as~ible. 

THE WARREN COu.EGE 
CABINET 

Tennis tips 
misses out 
Editor: 

In the Feb. 17 "Tennis Tips" , 
Alex Rosenthal advocate the 
dlnker's Dhilosop'hy and techniq!1e 
of tennis . 'The pblloso~hy is tbat the 
,arne's aim Is to win. Thetechni!lue 
IS to get eve!1' ball back. This 
tra:rslales in~o \llttipg '~m soft, high 
an safely wlthm the Imes. 

I cannot think of worse tennis 
advice. The goal of tennis is only 
superficially to amass a ll!rger 
number of points, games or sets 
than your opponent. The more basic 
and aatilfYlOg goal II to control the 
pace and placement of your ihots in 
the service of a stralelY. 

I would much rather miaa an 
attempt at a Itrate(lcally elegant, 
topspin, down-the-llne backhand 
than "Iuccellfully" execute a 
backapin, crosscoun blooper. 

The goal should be the process, 
Mt the rinal core. 

ELLIOT STURMAN 

Think for a minute about these things and all the other neat things Boss 
Lee has done to screw theJitlleguy and inflate his own ego and purse. Then, 
ask -yourself why he and his refs and his4favorite 1M learns want to shut up 
Steve Gould and the Triton Times. 

Indian bills 
Editor: 

In a recent talk with Ralph 
Cayedito .... Executive Assistant of 
the UCSu Indian center, I learned 
of proposed bills before the House 
whose combined effort would be to , 
in Cayedito's words, " destroy the 
Indian as a people with a cultural 
identity by (orcing them off the 
reservations and making it illegal 
for India ns to pursue their 
traditional livelihoods of hunting 
and fishing which is presently 
protected by treaties." 

Cayedito described these bills, 
and what ramifications they would 
have on the Native American 
poj)Ulace. 

House of Represenlallves (HR) 
1OS4 - It would eliminate the Indian 
Reservations as non-property 
taxed haven for Indiana and would 
divide them into private taxable 
holding to each Indian according to 
age and amount of Indian blood. 
The bill would a lao cancel all rights 
guaranteed by treaties between the 
US and all Indian nations. 

HR I7H - It would prohibit 
commercial sales of steelhead trout 
by Indians across the US. 

HR llSO - It would aboli.h all 
hunting and fishing riihU granted 
through treaties to Indians In the 
U.S. 

HR "51 - It would make the 
reservation environment unlivable 
by taking away the water that is 
essential to reservations. The bill 
would also favor agri-business a nd 
real estate developers. 

HJR J - It would create an 
Indian Treaty Rights commission 
to buyout the Indian fishing trade 
riJ(hts. 

NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 
HR 4169 andSB84Z - Would both 

serve to eXtinguisb Maine Indian 
titles to land uiider treaty. 

HJR .. - It would give all states 
power to regulate Inaian hunting 
and fishing rights. 

Sena", Bill (SB) 1437 - Which 
would Increase the number of 
different types of crimes which 
federal and state authorities (as 
opposed to Indian authorities) 
could prosecute Indians within the 
Reservations from the previous 
number of 13 to 22 with the bill 's 
passage. 

Cayedito urged everyone to write 
their Senators and Congressmen in 
(avor of the Indians and in 
0p.position to the aforementioned 
bills. ' 

MARC GARREN 

TT ignores 
school spirit 
Editor: 

For once UCSD gets a little . 
unified school spirit and what does 
the IT do about It? Ignores it! Talk 
about apathy! C'mon, get off your 
tails!! The Ipirit showed Feb. 25 
had to be reportable news. Yet our 
very own newspaper didn't even 
mention the unusual attendance at 
the basketball game. Or how about 
the fact that Warren (or Fourth to 
a lot 'of us) College unquestionably 
is the most Iplrlted college. Spirit 
night was a major event to a lot of 
people and your lack of reporting is 
very disappointing. Well , what are 
you lIoing to do about it?! ? 

THE GORILLA, 
THE CHEERLEADERS 
AND ASSORTED FANS 

. '. - ! 
The Triton Times)1 pubtllhed by UCSO Itudellli ",n 0111<:1.111114..,1 n~r .. 

PubllClllon I. on Mond.y., Wldntleday •• nd Frldlya during the regullr achool y_ 
l'.cept on olllet .. holld.y.) . Edltorl.l.nd bual_ olllc ... ,.IOCIlld In lIIe Student 
Cant., II tn. Univ.,.11y of Cllilornl., SIn Clego. For Idhorl .. , <:.1M 462-3411; for 
bUlIMIa .nd dlapllYlCNertlllng, c.1I 452-3488 

LetlnlO theldllOf r.nd opinion column. ".~c:omId. All lubmlMiOlnlIhOuId be 
Iyped IflCI dou~ced on • ~ lin • . They Ihould not •• ceed , 'h """In 
length. 

Submitted m.terial mUlt beer tile n.m • ..,d IIUClent Idenllll<:.lllOn number of tile 
.uthor. H."", <:.In bewlthlleld'rom publl<:.llion on req .... l; h~r, tllen_ will be 
h.ld on file 'or public In'Pechon. 

The Triton Tlma r_rv .. the right to Idil submlsalons beeaul. of Iptce IImil.llonl 
or 11)118 requlrem..,ls. _ 

EnUre cont.nll copyrlghl111781he T,,'on Tim ••. 

At "UCSDead" you can smile at peop-Ie Y-0U don't know 
"Bits of humanity" cause overload in Berkeley 

By D. Brooke Houslon 
Our Berkeley correspondent, 

Dorotby (Dot) Houston, a 
freshpenon at UCSD Iut year, 
and an exodus free-lancer at 
Berkeley for the fall quarter 
(and maybe longer) sent us this 
piece, saying she "fully 
expecled it WOUldn't run," but, 
"hoped It would." U's a lale of 
two worlds . Sometimes not 
pretty, but definitely worth 
running_ 

I can get into anything 
fe male , he slurred, pulling 
back his shirt and exposing a 
ripple of ribs . 

He'd been looking at me in 
Blimpie's Sandwich Shop. I 
gave him a n innocent smile. 
Then I turned away, angry, and 
left. 

So cut the smiles in Berkeley. 
They're too dangerous. Yah 
Berkeley , where everything 
goes, where you can be wild and 
c razy and radical. Mellow, 
really fine , where it 's at 
Berkeley. 

Wrong. A false impression . A 
turnaround . Because the 
radical crazies are just that, 
t rue nuts, or true destitutes. 

They're an ugly part of the 
diversity here . You can see iton 
the " avenue " (Telegraph) . 
Ha lf dead lie on benches. A 
blind man with his pants zipper 
down sits in a corner smoking. 
Small children with no shoes on 
wander a long the sidewalk. 

A s hort man with wild , 
bloodshot eyes turns circles in 
the laundromat hour after 
hour, muttering and jerking his 
head to the side. 

In a restaurant a woman 
vomits and says she can't get to 
a doctor. She vomits a lot, she 
says . Cockroaches climb the 
wall behind her and in the back 
raw meat rests in water on the 
floor of the refrigerator. 

So I skip the street people and 
turn to politics . On every 
telephone pole are announce-
ments of protests, strikes, ta lks' 
by poltiical speakers. 

In the newspaper offi ce 
p hon e memos telling of 
protests, strikes , politica l 
speakers pile up. 

So the politics are ugly too. 
It's discontent. Anger. Conflict. 
Confusion. 

Sometimes the people and the 
politics together hit you like a 
hammer. But most of the time 
the hitting is done subtly , 
c ontin uou sly , creating a 
gnawing undercurrent that 
travels along the inside of your 
body. 

Then I overload . 
I no longer want to exper-

ience Berkeley. 
I shut my eyes to the scenes . 
Now I never look at the people 

r leak my Quarters to. r 
pretend I don ' t hear the 
whisper of acid, good acid fr?m 
the doorway. 

I write only humor features 
stories for the newspaper . 
Light stuff. 

But writers have to know 
human nature! "Bits of 
humanity" used to be my 
favorite phrase and I opened 
my eyes to the bits , to learn. 

I suppose I still open them. I 
feed on it. I can't get away. A 
woman stays in my rooming 
house for two nights . She stands 
naked in the kitchen, dripping 
menstrual blood on the 
linoleum. She is about to kill 
herself. I talk to her for maybe 
rive hours. 

For relief r search out the 
good diversity . A group of 
housemates. A woman from 
Japan. A clinical psychiatrist. 
A Jesus freak whohandamelhe 
good book every time I uk her 
for a lood book to read. We all 
let loIetber with a pitar and 
Sinl· Naoko piaYI the kazoo for 

the first time and laughs at its 
sound. 

And I search out cbaracter. 
My house has peeling paint and 
45 degree holes in the mattres-
ses, but iJ bu character. It 's a 

c~k at a restaurant who says 
he 's John Steinbeck and he 
enjoyed writinK "Cannery 
Row" the best. It's people who 
come into the restauran. late 
a t night and tell you stories of 
their travels . It 's a man sitting 
on the curb playing the violin 
for whoever wants to listen. 

But there is no escape in good 
diversity or character_ When 
a ll hits bad I want to run back to 
UCSD. Ah lovely UCSD! Take 
the isolation trip! A place 
where the next person r meet 
will be 18-23 and from L.A .... 
Where politi ca l rallies just 
don ' t seem to fit - in the 
s unshin e? On a beautiful 
campus? What can there be to 
rally about? 

UCSD. Apolitical. Bl ase. 
Steady. Monotone . Where I 
don 't have to reserve my smiles 
for people I know. Where I can 
wear funny hats. 

(But how I hated the isolation 
at UCSD. The place put me to 
s leep.) 

I do my best to isola te myself 

here . I crawl onto the UC 
Berkeley campus . Safe . 
College. 

My feelings move with my 
progression onto campus. I 
walk up . Nervous. 
On 

Dorothy Ho •• to. 
transition stage, the entrance 
to UCB, Sproul Plaza . A 
mixture of students and non-
students . Protest groups . 
R e ligious groups. Skeletons 
clad in white robes screaming 
"No Materialism! No sex! No 
Killing! " 

I then enter the heart ot UCH 
a nd sit in the library . Fine, fine . 

The progression is like the 
circle of the sometimes pensive 
mind . Thoughtful. Bits of 
humanity. Emotions. Human 
muck? Why does it exist? 

The circ le turns. In the 
library Questions become 
simpler. The derivative of xy. 
Security keeps the mind from 
staggering onto strange planes. 
The mind switches to an easier 
gear on the heart. 

Everything is better on 
campus , regardless of its state. 
A man with a fierce look on his 
face and knots in his hair strolls 
the avenue, back and forth , 
selling. 

HUt sometimes he goes to the 
Pauley Ballroom Lobby on 
campus and sits on the new 
sofas in the late afternoon sun . 
It doesn 't matter what he 's got 
in his pockets, he's OK now. 

Why does Berkeley scare 
me? I grew up here. I used to 
rush to it all. Interviewed ex-
cons. Rode buses through lower 
Oakland . Hopped into the 
radical " Berkeley Barb" office 
wanting to write for that paper. 
Screamed about the perils of 
nuclear power. 

I've tasted isolation (oh 

cliche! ). Sun. Safety. No harsh 
realities (oh worse cliche! ) . J 
became used to it in nine shon 
months at UCSD. 

I tell UCSD students to relax . 
Yes relax . I was down awhile 
ago and friends lamented to me 
about the terrible amounts 01 
studying they have to do. They 
seemed miserable, 

Find someone who is really 
miserable. 

But just remember it's a 
different pressure seeing a 
hollow face and trying to deal 
with all you see, or trying notto, 
as compared to taking some 
exam. 

So UCSD don ' t cha nge. Don ' t 
let a ny of yo ur political 
movements flourish . Be 
kickback. Undynamic. 

A friend said it 's UCSDead. 
Good, good. 

Stay that way for me, I want 
to come back to the mild U in 
the sun. 

Il's asone Dartmouth student 
answered when asked if he 
minded being isolated from the 
world in the woods of New 
Hampshire. 

" Hey , what world ?" he 
smiled. 

And the thing is, he was really 
smiling. 

Do your friends know 
something you 

don't? 

Gary Gorton 
UCSD "'at.rlal Coordinator, 

Physical Plant 

" As my needs grow the credit 
unron IS also growing The 

convenrence and services they 
offer are outstanding. Everything 
I 've needed. they 've been able to -

help me With In very little time." 

Elizabeth Butler 
UCSD A .. I.tant Campu. Llbrarl8n 

'Credit Line IS one of the 
main features . borroWing money 
on my signature I can make a 
phone call In the morning and 
have a check ready at lunch .. 

Wanda Martin 
UCSD 
SIudM' Affairs 

"I'm a cautious person With 
my,money, and I want to know 
what It's dOing and why it's dOtng 
It They spent a lot of time 
explaining the whole process of 
credit . what It meant and how It 
affected me .. and how It should 
work for me . t rea lly appreciate 
that. " 

For all your financial needs, including high inleresl savings and low cost loans see your 
U.S.E. Credit Union ... take il from a friend! ' 

If you or any immediate family member receive a state or university paycheck ask us 
about a lifetime membership with U.S.E. Credit Union! ' 

O[]~~ 
University , Stat. EmploYHs 

Credit UIi .. 
'Where you can o.Iong ror B lif.time " 

~NCUA 

CALL ON YOUR U.s.£. 
CREDIT UNION TODAY 



arl Warren College should recognize its legacy 
H! 

rent) back on the past for 
futl1r generationl to build 
upon: but it can be a double-
edged sword. We can use 
bjstG!')' to see and correct our 
mistakes, but tbe untold 
injWlticeS will continue to Co 
uncbecked if tbis aspect IS 
bidden from the public. History 
is the basis from which we take 
precedence. History repeats 
ItseU and unless we remind 
ourselves of bow cruelly we 

bave treated our fellow 
man/woman, we will do it 
again; maybe not to the same 
group, but to another and 
another and another. 

Tbis is evident in the mass 
genocide of the Armenians 
from 1894-1896 by the Turks 
under tbe rule of Sultan Abdul-
Hamid II, which was later to be 
repeated to the Jews by the 
Hitler regime. l;Iut you say that 
it can ' t happen here in' 

PR ESENTING the larges t showcase of na tural living & environ-
mentally -creallve products & services ever assembled. - Effi · 
cient workable tools & ideas that EVERYONE can use NOW! 
ENERGY · FOOD· WHOLISTIC HEALTH·GARDEN-
ING . SHELTER · PERSONAL GROWTH · TRANS-
PORTATION . WILDERNESS SKJLLS . ECOLOGY 
ENTERTAINMENT rou R ac res of exhibits. lec-

tures. demonstrations& 
IiIm s will highlightthis 

combination re tail 
marketplace. edu-

c ation a l for-

A wal k- th rough model of an integral urban household com· 
ple te wit h solar water heating. greenhouse . fi sh pond. water 
saving bathroom, compost toile t, Wind [lump. chicken house, 
grey water recycling, energy -saving kitchen & more. Desi!,'lled 
by the r arallo nes Insti tute. produc~ d by ew Earth Expo,ition . 
Giant Whale Gathering: ' Flo ~ 110' Whale Balloon 
'Sandy: 40' Replica of California Grey Whale 'Pheena; 

50' Fiberglass Finback Whale. 
Continuous Workshops on Appropriate Technology & 
Natural Living by FaraJlones Institute & Alternative 

Energy Groups. 
Lectures by Steve Baer of Zomeworks, Sim Van der 
Ryn , California State Architect, Dr. Bernard Jensen, 

Noted Iridologist & Nutritionist & Many Others. 
Whole Life Systems Household from the California 

State Office of Appropriate Technology. 
Foot and Neck MassageeEnjoy a Hot TubeTry an 

Isolation Tank. 
An Environmental Musical , 'Smaze', Plus Entertain-
ment by Steven Halpern , Bunraku Theater & Many , 

Many Others. 
IS' Pyramid. Kirlian (Aura) Photography. 
A Natural Food and Drink Spectacular. 

There's Something Exciting & Educational for Young 
& Old . Bring the Whole Family & Spend 

an Enjoyable Day . 

Thu ..... y, 11 · 10 Fricby .l Saturday, 10-10 Sunday, 10-8 
Adults, S3.50 • Senior Citizen • .l Children under 12. S2.50 . 

Under 6, Free. 
Ticket. at the door A aU TICKETRON outlets. 

Corner of Santa Barbara Ave. (Harbor Freeway).l Fiaueroa St. 
© 1978, Environmental Expositions, Inc. 

't,\,,_ I.iGHTct OM 1H€ €A"'/f"" 

American (sic) ' "The Land of 
the Free . " We bave the 
Constitution and the Bill of 
Rigbts that guarantee our 
liberty, but we say it can't 
happen. 
This commenlary was wriuen 
UCSD slUdenlS Laurie Tsuma. 
Irene Garcia, Joanna Schoon 
and Gerald Oshma. 

It has happened and it will 
happen again -if we are not 
reminded of this part of our 
past. Nowhere else in the world 
has a group of people fought for 
their freedom and liberty from 
the mother country while at the 
same time denying those ri,hts 
to the originalinhabitants 0 tbe 
land that they were fighting so 
desparately for. After gaining 
their independence, an unde-
clared war was now fully 
launched against the Native 
American_ They were hunted 
down like animals, worse yet if 
they were caught. Those whose 
bodies were not dismembered 
were interned in concentration 
camps called reservations. The 
Japanese-Americans in Cali-
fornia were similarly treated 
this way, but not so brutally. 
Both groups were taken and 
isolated away from the lands 
that the white Americans 
wanted. These people were put 
into concentration campus for 
their own "good and protec-
tion." 

How could one country 
protest the German denial of 
human riJbts to the Jews wbile 
at the same time imprisoning 
their own citizens? The 
circumstances are not quite the 
same, true, but they are similar 
enough. Because they are and 
because people were not 
enraged by the~ acts, it allows 
the possibility for this to happen 
again in tbe future . 

For this reason, we as 
concerned students would like 
to protest the naming of the 
University of California San 
Diego's Fourth College as Earl 
Warren College . The name 
Earl Warren brings forth 
painful memories to those 
emotionally and physically 
affected. Warren was attorney 
general and governor of the 
state of California during this 
period. The name Warren is 
associated with concentration 
camps, if it isn't, it should be. 
This is a part of history, a part 
of history that many do not 
know or have forgotten too 
quickly. 

We are not trying to blackball 
the late Chief Justice for we 
realize that he has made great 
contributions toward civil 
rights . If it wasn't for his 
actions, some of us would not be 
where we are today . We would 
just like to caUlight to the fact 
that this name was chosen 
without a general student 

consensus. For it is we as 
students at UCSD who must be 
associated with that name for 
the rest of our lives. Have you 
taken the responsibility of 
taking into account what the 
students have to say about this 
name? What about the Fourth 
College students? What have 
they had to say about this 
name? Do they know about the 
background of this man in 
which they are named after? 

We have asked some people 
here on campus what they know 
about Earl Warren . The 
answer: He was Chief Justice, 
some even knew a little about 
his court decisions, a few even 
knew that he had been governor 
of California . It appears here 
that a part of history is being 
forgotten again . We cannot let 
this happen . Itisunfairtohonor 
a man only for his good deeds . If 
he is such a great man to be so 
honored , he should be remem-
bered for everything for both 
the good and the bad . His 
descendents and the public can 
say "We realize that Earl 
Warren has done some unfor-
givable deeds in his lifetime, 
but we still believe that he was a 
great enough man to be 
remembered for all his past 
deeds ." To honor a man only for 
his good deeds is a false 
adulation. Was he not a great 
enough man to be remembered 

(Please 'urn '0 page 10) 

Two Carl's Famous Star Hamburgers for 
the Price of One. Save 95¢ .. 

Clip this coupon and get two of our Carl's 
Famous Star Hamburgers for the price of one. 

We start with a man-sized patty of juicy 100% 
beef, charbroil it to perfection, sandwich it in a 
toasted sesame seed bun, and garnish it with lettuce, 
tomato and our own secret dressing. 

Limit one coupon to a customer, please. Offer 
good at Carl's Jr.®, Governor Dr. at 
Genesee through March 31, 1978_ 
• Carl Karcher Enterpri .... Inc .. 15178 

THE AFFIRMA T/VE ACTION AND PERSONNEL 
DEPARTMENTS OF THE 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, 
LAWRENCE BERKELEY LABORATORY 
INVITE YOU TO ATTEND: 

A PROFESSIONAL 
~ .aut 

SATURDAY, March 11, 1978 
9:00 am to 3:00 pm 
Bldg. 54 (Cafeteria) 
East End.-Hearst Avenue 
Berkeley, California 

An opportunity to meet with representatives from our departments to discuss 
employment objectives and job opportunities at the Laboratory in the engin-
eering, science, administrative and services areas. Women, minorities and the 
handicapped are strongly encouraged to attend . Transportation will be avail -
able from the Berkeley Bart Station, Shattuck and Center, on the LBL Shut-
tle. Call in advance if you will need special transportation for the handicapped 
or a translator for the deaf. 

PLEASE BRING A RESUME TO SHARE . 
For more information call (4'5) 843-2740 ext. 6585 

LAWRENCE BERKELEY LABORATORY 

Capitol Hits Home In 
. '78 

All LP's Sale Price $4.57 
Reg. List: 57.98 (Except Beatles' Love Songs) 

All Tapes $497 

THE STEVE MILLER 
BAND 

Sale Price $6.97 
Rea. Utt: 511.91 

LP and Tape 

481-1451 
158 So. Solana Hills Dr., Solana Beach • 

UTTLE RIVER BAND 
Diamantina Cocktail 

In the New Plaza West Center, 1-5 and Lomas Santa Fe Drive 



W .......... n"' •. 1m • triton .. f M playoffs be-g-;-�n----:t~o-n.----lg~h----;-t~~~~~~~~~~~~~~U~CS~D~r-u g~by 'i m p rov i ng stead i I y' 
~SeediDp and ririDp for D mtramura basketball 810ffs in all six divisions have 
~en announced by co·IM 'rector Lee Johnson . This y ar' s ,laYOffS. in which nearly 
half 0 all teams competing 
during the replar season are 
eligible. will determine the 
respective champions in the 
Men's AAA. AA and A divisions 
as well as Women's. Coed and 
5'10" and Under titles. 

Playoff action begins this 
evening with first round action. 
All semifinal action will be 
played Thursday, March 16and 
the finals will be contested 
Sunday. March 19. Most of the 
leape champions drew byes in 
the first round. 

Here are the seedings and 
some of the pairings for eligible 
teams (due to 32 teams 
qualifying for the Men's AA 
playoffs, only the seeding. are 
listed). To find out exactly what 
teams are eligible and what 
times playoff games are 
scheduled. stop by the 1M office 
or call4S2-t037. 

Men'sMA 
Top seeded Abrewang (7-0) 

draws.a bye in the Buse League 
playoffs as does second seeded 
Mojave Green (5·2) . Third 
seeded Superlative Scorers (4· 
3) play In Yo' Face Sunday 
night at 7 pm while the fourth 
seeded Abusers (4·3) battle 

Featuring: 
OMELETTES 

rouy Mountain Breakdown, round of playoff action. The by Kitty Robinson 
also Sunday at 7 pm. seedlngs: number one is Come Copy Editor 

Men'. AA Again? (6-1) of the Amy Carter The VCSD men's and wo 
Whiff (8·0) of the Lucas League. number two is Up On men's rugby teams have both 

League has earned the number Top Again (7-0) of the Anita won or tied two out of their last 
one seed in the openlnJ round Bryant League, Basket Cases three games and are, according 
while previously top rated (7-0) of the Renee Richards to co a c h Dan D w 0 r sky, 
Screaming Eagles (7-0) of the League is seeded third while .. improving steadil y every 
JuliUS Erving League received Suck Mucks (5-2) of the Amy week." 
thenumbertwoseed. Mt!d(6-0) Carter Leaguelsseededfourth. After several losses , the 
of the Rudy Washington League 5'10" and Under men's team began to turn their 
is third seeded andRun N' Gun Intercourts (7-0) of the Abdul record around by defeating VC 
(7·0) of the Tomjanovich Jabbar League are top seeded Irvine 16·9 on Feb. 19. Points in 
League is seeded fourth . and play Mexi Pack in the first that game were scored by team 

Men's A round next Wednesday night at captain Mark "Skinny" Duerst 
Glada Smekare (7-0) of the . 10 pm. MFSB (6-1) of the Artis and rookies Ashley McPhaul 

Bill Bradley League emerged Gilmore League is seeded and Miguel Rojas. 
as the top seed in the Men's A second Mindless Wonders of UCSD came from behind to 
division and will play the the Abdul Jabbar League (6-1) tie the score 16·16 on Feb. 26 
winner of the Long Lincoln· are third seeded and Smokin' against crosstown rival San 
Ogden game in the second Still (5·2) is seeded fourth . Diego State. Wing Jeff Jones 
round. Second seeded Petrified Women and forward Dave " Ox " Ochs 
Trailburgers (7-0) of the John Only four teams from the one each contributed 8 points to the 
Havlicek League also draw a Women's 1M league are eligible Tritons' efforts . . 
first round bye and play winer for the playoffs. Top 'seeded Go Women's winning streak 
of the Cherry Pickers·Bums For It (4·0) of the Debbie The women's team began its 
contest. The Gopbers (7-0) of Meyers Leaeue plays fourth winning streak at the Far 
the Earl Tatum Leaeue are seeded Driving Dribblers (2-3) t d Western Women ' s Rugby 
seeded third and play the this Sunday night at 8 pm in the C e a awn Tournament in Belmont Shore 
winner of the Short N Stumpy· Rec Gym while in the other 0 n F.e b . 18 and 19 . C h r i s 
Shoot game in the second semifinal game, second seeded Haubrich scored as the team 
round. Fourth seeded Input· Hot Shoes (4·1) faces third defeated San Francisco and 
Output (7·0) of the Kei~h seeded Court l'{' Sparks (2·3) in placed in the top half orthe 16. 
Erickson League draw a bye In the Rec Gym Sunday also at 8 SUNRISE AT MISSION BAY - Wit. the ~f th. HaMIl .tta over t ..... weeb _.Y. 
the first round and Plak the UCSD'. _.'. --~ __ a'. -- tL-lr .......... L __ .. aL_ ... ___ at ..... -10· • Ba... team competition. wl'nner of the Frump l·ns· pm. - -- .... -- ...~ -- -- .. - " The next weekend the women OJHH)n-one U .... r tile tat ...... 1 ..... coac. 65 Trito .. , 12 _ ... t ....... HaeG.·. record 
Leaping Drahos game in the The I M department is tal'llOllt, prac:tic:e _ •••• ..". &0.. (wo_)IIII4I:t t05._ (aM.). n- p.oto., defeated San Diego State, H , 
second round. _ii. ... J_ on Robb Field. Sandy Timmons Coed sponsoring a one·on · one t_ ..... rias_iat.n4I Knw=_.!I ..... ,. ••• awo_prepariaglort ... s..DiesoCrew at scrum half and Tina Taylor 

All four top seeded Coed basketball tournament slated Ciaeak o. April I. UCSD .. c .... pet. 18 .daoole. iac:".u.. Or .... Cout CoUege-. at outside center played 
teams draw byes in the first for this weekend to determine Pe_, Har\l.nI, W .. ldasto..... ..". .. h~t eight Vanity .hellui. exceptionally well . The victory 

the top individual basketball the r .. teet ev.r" bat the UCSD hurt by rowen from pr."io_ Ha80.. was especially sweet since 
player !it UCSD. Sign·ups for tra_f.rn-g to other ec:hoole. ne t __ h." ..... working out .i.ce SDSU had defeated UCSD the 
the tourney will be held until October. week before by just 2 points. 
noon this Thursay at the 1M Both teams play at home for 
office and the draw sheet will be the first time this season on 
posted Friday morning. M . F' 

According to Johnson. there ulr leld Saturday. The 
will be only one category, an women will play second·ranked 
open division , no matter how San Fernando Valley at 11 am 
tall, heavy or good a player is. and the men's team will take on 
Competition begins at 8: 30 am Cal State Dominguez Hills at 1 
Saturday morning in the Main pm. 
Gymnasium. Improvement shown 

Rules of the one day tourna· " The teams have shown a 
ment are very similar to the lot of improvement since we 
NBA's one·on·one event of twc have been playing together 
years ago. Games a re played tc more," Dworsky said. "Team 
20 points (two points pel member are beginning to get 
basket) and a game mu!>t bE used to pl ayi ng in certain 
won by four points (winner'! positions and are playing much 
out - the person making thE more as a team." FRESH FLOWERS 

CREPES ICE CREAM last basket gets the ball out 01 The two teams practi ce bounds on the next possession) . together on Tuesdays and 
BAKED GOODS 

Our Bakery Chef has prepared a varied menu featuring crepes 
and omelettes to complement our home bakery. 

421 Wat B Str .... Sa. Dieto 
At ·tIIe coraer af St.te a B St. 

Eigm Week Session-June 26 to August 18 
Open Summer Admission (no transcripts required) 
Tultlon :t200 for the first 5 units . 115 for each additional unit. 
En.loy the cool and beautiful San Francisco Bay Area while 
studying under tntj ,ancwnA(\ Berkeley faculty and 
distinguished viSitors . 
Bulletins wlll be available In early March . To receive a free 
copy, call or write: 

Summer Session 
22 Wheeler Hall 
Uruversltyof 
California 
Berkeley, CA 94720 
Telephone: 
(415) 64,2-5611 

RUM ______________________ __ 

Ad'U'O, ____________ _ 

~ool ___________ _ 

If a foul is committed. thE Thursdays at Muir Field and on 
fouled player retains posses· Wednesday nights at La Jolla 
sion but after three fouls by onE High School. Tiny Hill . ex· 
player, the opposing playel captain of the world champion 
takes a free throw and posses· All Black National team in New 
sion of the ball. Contact the 1M Zealand, coaches both teams on 
office for more info. Wednesday s. H is expert 

~NSKIN ·DANSKIN·DANSKIN 
~ 
CO 
E 
CD 
"0 
o 
c 
E 
CO () 

~ 
:st 

o 
.a 
.i '---~--.-..I 

tChere IS G difference!!! 
PREPARE FOR: 

~·WJ·~ 
GMAT· GRE 

OCAT • VAT • SAT 
VOE • ECFMG • FLEX 

NAT'L MEDICAL BOARDS 
NAT'L DENTAl BOARDS 

NURSING BOARDS 
Flexible Programs And Hours 
2~8D ....... 

27G-881. 
Out Side NY " Iale Onlv 
CAll TOU. FREE 

800-221 -9840 

~-H 
MPIAN 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

coaching of the forward section 
has led to the development of 
one of the strongest scrums 
UCSD has ever had. 

In addition to Hill and 
Dworsky. the women's team is 
coached by 'Nancy Thomas and 
Mark Duerst. 

Rugby season lasts through 
the winter months and culmi· 
nates with the Santa Barbara 
Tournament on April 15 and 16. 

This is the largest tournament 
in the western United States, 
hosting over 80 men's and 20 
women 's teams. 

Oth er upcoming games 
include a men's game against 
the Osterly Rugby Football 
Club. from London, England, 
on April 4 at3 pm and a rematch 
between the UCSD women and 
the lnland Women's Rugby 
Club on March 18. 

Rain washes out tennis 
The rain may have dampened the efforts of the men's tennis 

team at the AII·Callast Friday but it certainly hasn 't affected their 
spirits and hopes for the season. 

Pitted against the tournament hosts. UCI, in the first round of 
play the men watched their hopes for a victory get washed away as 
the match was called due to rain midway through. 

In the matches that were played. Jon Gerdsen had split sets. 7-6, 
1-6 and was ahead 4·3 when the match was called. Billy Hein , in the 
number three singles spot, also had split sets. 6-1. 3-6, as did Ron 
Philips . 5·7, 6-4. 

The ather matches that were played; number one. four and six 
singles. were losses for UCSD. 

Coach Tad Yamaguchi and the team members themselves 
expressed the feelings that " given the opportunity" they could 
have beaten vel. 

The weather has been one of the few negative factors in the 
team's progress this season, Most of the schools UCSD competes 
a2ainst have also been plagued by the weather. causing the same 

(Please tum 10 page 8) 
Fall 1978 

Join the 
Semester at See of the 

UniverSity of Colorado for an 
unparalleled international 

educational experience. Sail from 
los Angeles Sept. 9, by way of the 

South Pacific, Indian Ocean, and Ahica. 
Applications now being accepted. 

For Free Color Brochure. call or ..,.lre: Semester at Sea. TaJ Mahal Building, 
p.o. Bo.2488. LAguna Hills. CA 92654. Telephone (800) 854-0195 (toll.ln, .. 
outside California) (714) 581 ·6770 (In California). SS. Universe Is lully .Ir. 
conditioned. 18.000 tons. of Uberian registry. 

TREMENDOUS SAVINGS 
a-an·" 
-Girl's-GuJ's and Children's 

now 
at 

Sportswear 
~;;n?;:r.~;;;;;;:: Dittos Tops 

Two for Cords 

$599 __ Plus: Daly $~ .. "'!:., 
Dresses: $989-$1 J99 

Turtle-Cowlnecks: $399-$519 
And Much More!! 

SlA7 U"""'." A .. (nit. door to the Clner.m. The.lre) 
Phone 287·9160 

Hrs: Mon-Frl: 10-9 S.t: 10-6 Sun' 12~ 



ificent study of human ego 
by Jill Louise Bazeley battle. each ClaIming a greater m the aevastatmg process of 

Arts Writer share of Kale's affection. while "gettin~ his." 
HaroldPiliter's"OldTimes" she remains passive and The 'Old Times" set is a 

is a magnificent study of the enigmatic as they try to possess mas t e r w 0 r k 0 f I i g h tin g . 
demolition of the human ego. her. Deeley describes how he - upholstery and color coordina-
but it is disturbingly vague in .. picked up" - in a sense. tion. Designed by Steph Storer. 
tenns of plot and chronology. conquered Kate at a film called the converted fannhouse in 
Memory and immediate action "Odd Man Out." Later Anna which Kate and Deeley live 
mingle surrealistically and announces, in a devastating looks like a trendy furniture 
sometimes indiscernibly. In a - coup that she too was present store display - the kind of 
radio interview-the author said. at the cinema that night . decor vou could live with lust 
"My job. as I see it, is really to Deeley then realizes that Anna one day before being naus-
shape an image on stage. Let it has been. is and always will be eated but it is perfect for the 
live, but shape it in dramatic more a part of Kate than Kate-Deeley lifestyle where 
tenns and leave it at that_ I himself. and that he is indeed little pleasures consist in 
have nothing else to say. I'm the odd man out. The theme of adjusting the dimmer switch on 
only interested in the cbarac- the play is the destruction of the the space-age lighted bar. and 
len in that given situ~tion ." maie'ego and the emergence of then. ~tanding back a.nd 
Thus. once the audience the female ego.. admtrlng t~e light s~!Dlng 
recognizes and accepts the - I wOltder, tllough, If Anna and through tile hquor. Sigmfl~anf­
futility of locating the action of Kate are not parts of the same Iy l Kate and Deeley coordmate 

. "Old Times" by relating past to character: Anna being the w~th their exquistely lit . 
present , the play become former self and Kat~ . the frlghtfu!ly ci.ean. modular 
accessible even though not woman transformed Into a surroundmgs m many more 
entirely de(inable. mere shell by the instrusion of ways than just the fact that 

When the lights come up on a male ego into her liCe. their clothes match the plum 
stage Kate and her husband Despite this and some other. colored carpet and peach 
Deeleyareawaitingthevisitof aspects of the play that remain co~ch . 'rhe:y ar~ too well 
Anna. Kate's long-time friend unclear to me. I enjoyed the adjusted m thiS e~vlr~nme~t of 
whom she hasn't seen in years. production of "Old Times" at com.fortable marital Isol~tlon . 
But the. audi~nce is aware of the Carter Centre Stage. By Their very ,c~mplacenc~ IS the 
Anna lIstenmg in the dark takingadvantageofeachcomic lat~nt, tension ,that.ls the 
receses of th~ stage, as a moment and every dramatic beglDn~ng of Kate s rebirth and 
presence. while Kate and tension director Jack Bender Deeley s tragedy . 
Deeley discuss her. When she has created a truly fine piece of T I -----
"arpyes" the ~~o w~men theatre. Especially praise- enn 8 ••• 
remlnlsce alM?ut old times worthy is guest equity artist (C I ed f ) 
when. they lived_together. Denis Arndt as Deeley. Arndt ont au rom pale 7 
sometimes forgetting Deeley portrays Deeley's character 
entirely. and relivfng their transformation from witty cancellation of practices as the 

G ... t ...... .,... AnIIt (ceater) ••• ~.- • COII\I ..... tto. 
Mew ...... wife, ..... C\ .... Oeft) ......... 10 ....... 

experiences as if they were just man-of-the-world to utterly- Tritons have faced. Five 
happening. After a while it destroyed-male with .ireat matches have been rained out. 
becomes clear to the audience ex~ertise and sensitivity. Thus. far the team has been 
and to Deeley that Kate and rivlDgthecharacterafeelingof unable to playa home match . 
Anna were loven, and Deeley fragic significance throughout. Positions on the team have 
becomes increasingly ~ealous Tbough fiis image is that of bad remained fairly stable through-
and annoyed about their past guy/woman trampler. one out the season. The top four 
and present relationship. He must sympathize with this man singles positions (Metsch. 

roo-wut. ~ .... ." F ....... ..:~ ill tile HuoW Plat .. 
....... "OW n...," 4Bnct" ." .... r • ...., ....... 
tJuo.sIaAprilZ- tllec...terc..tre StlaseC .. ttotIMOW 
GIo ... n..tn ill ..... Park, S- . Cnis Noel, 
prod_dill tlirector. 
....................... , ....••............... ~ 

and _ Anna. e!1&age in verbal ~~use. he is cl.early involved Gerdsen, Hein and Brody) 
usually only vary in the event of 
an illness or injury_ 

• 

UCSD SecOnd Annual : 
• "Close Encounters" advisor 

to speak at San Diego State Ballroom Dance Club : Dinner Dance ~ 
Dote: Saturday. March 11 : 
TIme: 7 pm 
Ploce: San Diego Hilton Hotel 

The man who served as 
technical advisor on the film , 
"Close Encounters of the Third 
Kind". and contributed its title 
will speak on the UFO pheno-
menon at San Diego State 
Unwersity. 

Dr. J . Allen Hynek. professor 
of astronomy at Northwestern 
University and director of the 
Center for UFO Studies . 

liVE MUSIC & ·Evant0!l.,. Ill .~ will speak on " The uFO ~xperience, A Scientific Inquiry". at 8 pm. 

U FOIi. he is currently editor-in-
chief of The International UFO 
Reporter. a monthly journal of 
UFO news and developments 
across the globe. 

Newsweek Magazine has 
called the 67-year-old astrono-
mer " probably the world 's 
ranking expert on the science-
or art - of UFOlo~y" and the 
man most responSible for the 
" powerful sense of scientific 
know-how about 'Close Encoun-
ters· ... ENTEATAINME"~ Wednesday, March 15. at Aztec n I • Center's Montezuma Hall. 

• For more than 20 years. Tickets for the lecture . 

Cost: $9.00 per person: ~lJn;~n~~rti~tat~t~~:~ti~O~~~~ ~ru~!~~~ C~hu~~r A~:~~~~~~ 
• on their UFO studies Projects are $3 for the general public. $1 

Reservations now being token ot the : . Sign and Blue Book. The author for SDSU stu(ients and $2 for 
Recreation Gym Office : ofsev.era1textboo~.numerous faculty . staff and other 
O_,_.-..J I ON..I tl • techmcal papers 10 astrophy- students. For ticket informa-~_,ono nul e CS . J sics and three popular books on tion, call 286-6947. 

••.•••.............••.......................•.. ~~::~:;T:::::~::~~;;~;;~;:::======== .. 

FRIDAY DITE 
'L~'KI 
'~ONE OF THE YEAR'S 

10 BESTI'~~ • ..-

Frldliy. Mlrch 10 7:00 • 11:30 pm USB 2722 
Central Box Office, 452·4559 

University Evenls Of lice 

Worl"'. Fore.o.t Hy .... oti.tll 
Thar .... y, M.rch 9, 8:30 pm 

Revelle C.feterill 
UCSD Stade_t. $1.00, G.A. $1.50 

UCSD Boll Office 452-4559 

. Coach Yamaguchi is pleased 
with his team's oerlormance. 
"We have Plarea very well - a 
high caliber 0 play. Of course, 
we could always do better. " 

SilhlS on NAIA 
The team is Setting its sights 

towards one of the nalional 
championships. They have an 
outside chance of winning the 
NAIA Division III champion-
ships. In order to do this they 
must dethrone a traditionally 
strong team. Redlands. whom 
they finished second to last 
year, 

The best shot at a national 
berth comes in the NCAA 
Division III . Selections are 
based on the individual records 
of team members. Yamaguchi 
feels that his team has an 
excellent chance. Team 
membe rs wholehea rted Iy 
agree. One member expressed 

ever~body' s feelings: "We can 
win It!" 

.-'"---"-........... ~ 

Color 
Blind? 

We will pay you for plrticlpat-
ing in a psychology experi-
ment on color perception. 

For more info cen AI Negy et 
452-3924 or 452-2999 

··"ou GEr IT HErTER. r .... HE WHEREHOU81E'" 

SIZZLING SPECIALS 
ICIIIH JAIIi i i 
..... 

tvtJSI(Of 
IW M.. ~4oo,oo.lnott 

~--

FROM THE WHEREHOUSE 
THESE 

JAZZ GIANTS 
FROM 

LP 
ONLY 96 

MFRS . 
MFRS. SUG. 
LIST 5.96/4 .96 

AND THESE ROCK HITS FROM COLUMBI 
KANSAS, 

Poi", of K"OK' Ret",,, 
...-. _01""_1 __ 
~--I-.""-

MFRS. SUB. 
lIST7.11 

Paul Simoll 
Greate.ttt Hit .... Etc. 

~: 

---
1C.cMIKtw0fM150~ lou... 'four Lew« 

LOWIHMeU.A ~k 
. ... Ct..,. .... ,un.... .... 

r~~LJ~:~f~E ~~i ~RL~:;J 
.... EDda JIIlarcIa 15,197. 

6~T , .... 
TICKETED AT 
1.91 

SAVE MONEY! APPLY NOW FOR THE STUDENT I FACULTY DISCOUNT CARD APPLICATION 
FREE WHERE HOUSE STUDENT DISCOUNT I NAME CARD T ........... IIFICIMy/SIlHllIltDISCluntCirdis ' I' =;:.:..--------------- I 

FREE! It ""' ¥II 11 Iff till tictll' prIca If I", LP I 
., ..,. ~1I1" ., St "~. TIIiI IdYI.I" of I ADDRESS I 
l1li ...... 1._ Till ............ is _n_ I I 
I .............. iIcoIIlIt 1_. 1liiy 111M lick.t I CITY STATE ~ .... "lIlY LPor..,. ............... tlcllll I ZIP I ~_ I I 
Tlkllllllppllcltlln 10 your nornt .rlhou.1 I SCHOOL DATE I 
SIn, or ..... " 14100 S. KlnpIIJ 1IrM, 6InIInI I __ c-, I CA. 90249 • L - •• _., .. _- ! ------------~ ______________ J 

'=_J I .. F ",,,,"y ~'_, OoKounl ~ 
I 0012 OOD1 1514 11- 71 

_ DOl QOOO '"_ 
F 

-"'---

PrIc •• good onl,.t: The WherehOU .. , 4505 ui Jolla VI'1age Dr. at the Unlvenlty Towne Centre 



by Tim MacbIIDe 
ArUE .... 

It' my beUet tbat everyone 
kn ews someone like Mel 
Brooks. The kIDd of IUY that 
will crack you up .. much 81 he 
JI'OIlIeS you out. Wbat's more, 
8Il)'IhiD& is fair pme for his 
comedic onslaulbts. Mel 
Brooks bas taken Hollywood 
staDdardl sucb 81 westerns, 
borror films, silent films, and 
now Hitchcock films and 
ravaged them beyond repair. 
No longer can I sit and watcb a 

Warren ..• 
(Continued from pale 4) 
[or all his past? 

We see this happening right 
now to Warren College. One 
minute and nineteen seconds is 
not sufficient in acknowledging 
Warren's role in 1942. This is 
how long they spent on this 
topic at the dedication cere-
mony on January 21, 1978. The 
University is riding on the 
public ' s remembrance of 
Warren as Chief Justice and his 
liberal stand on civil rights. 

What we would like to see is 
a set of courses within and 
unique to Warren Colle,e . 
T~ere. col~ be courses'deahng 
With Its lDvolvement in the 

campfire scene ill a western. 
And after "Hilb Anxiety", 
Hitchcock's "The Birds" may 
seem Uke a lark. 

In "HIgb Anxiety", Brooks 
views America's mania for 
medical lurus wbo peddle 
inltaDt enligbtenment, draws a 
bead on man's avarice aad biB 
Inhumanity to his fellow man 
and examines bis Irowing 
preoccupation with kinky sex. 

"Mel's interested in what's 
fUDDY about the human condi-
tion, " explains his friend and 

evacuation of the Japanese-
Americans from the West 
Coast , his Supreme Court 
decisions, his role as leader of 
civil rights, his role as governor 
and how he fought the criminal 
system or the man himself. We 
have also heard that Warren 
was deeply sorry and regretted 
his role in the evacuation of the 
Japanese-Americans, but that 
he could not make a public 
apology while he was Chief 
Justice. There was a 3 year 
span from the time he left the 
bench and the time he died. He 
had ample time to make a 
public apology if he wanted to. 
U .he was sincerely sorry, we 

sometime collaborator Gene 
Wilder. " He punctures our 
greed'; our fruatrationa, our 
contradictions. He' a after 
comedy whicb will be under-
stood in 200 yeara." 

'SpinnJDI a tale of an innocent 
man trapped in web of suspense 
and fear , "Hilb Anxiety" 
parallels a Hitcbcock thriller. 
No mention is made of Hitch-
cock in the film but there are 
visual references to three of 
his suspense classics -
" Vertigo", " Psycho", and 

believe that it would be very 
noble of h i s family , the 
university and his friends to set 
up an Earl Warren Scholarship 
fund awarded to students of 
Japanese ancestry. There is 
nothing that can be done to 
compensate those who were 
affected by Warren's actions. 
We can only hope that by telling 
others about the side of history 
that we are not told in our 
history classes, that we can 
prevent anything like this from 
happening again. 

LAURIE TSUMA 
IRENE GWRIA GARCIA 

JOANNA SCHOON 
GERALD OSHIMA 

Pizza, 
Pepsi and 
cartoon 
glass! 

Get the Pepai FREE now when you buy a alice of pepperoni Square 
Pan Pizza and a Looney Tune™ cartoon character glaa.! That'. 
right, pizza, 16 oz. of Pepai and Tuffy, Barney, Spike, Tom or Jerry! 
Collect 'em alt ... while auppliea laat! 
8 locations in San Diego County: 

C.r ....... 
2S04 El Camino Real 

729-9271 
CIair .... t 

5583 Clairemont MeN Blvd. 
565-4752 

La Jolla 
912 Silverado 

545-3431 
EI ca;o. 

583 No. 2nd St. 
440-7323 

U"'enity 
TCMWI. Celltre 

4545 u Jolla Village Dr. 
453·2007 

&co .... 
1711 E. Valley Pky. 

St.t. CoIIqe 
5119 College Ave. 

5as.3616 
ac...8eac1a 
s001 Newport Ave. 

222·1m , 

"The Birds." 
Tbe story deal s with a 

promlDent Harvard profeuor 
and Plycbiatrlat (Brooks) with 
a terrifying fear of heights. 
Arrivlog in Loa Angeles to take 
over tbe Psycho-Neurotic 
Institute for the Very, Very 
Nervous, be becomes a threat 
to the asylum's bead nurse 
(Clom Leachman) and allis-
tant director (Harvey Korman) 
who are keepinc bealthy people 
prisoner and bleeding their 
families and estates out of 
fortunes. 

As you might expect, "Hilh 
Anxiety" is a typical mel 
Brooks film, though every Mel 
Brooks film is probably a 
typical Mel Brooks film . He 
uses his usual quota of cheap 

lags, visuals and old jokes. 
The most obvioua is his take-off 
on "The Birds", wbere a frantic 
Brooks ia attacked by dive-
bomblog pigeons. Perha.,. the 
moat funny scene ia ~rookI as a 
nightclub linger in the hotel 
bar, sinling the title tune 
"High Anxiety." 

Since Mel Brooks' films are 
not held in the same artistic 
reverence as say, a Truffaut or 
Bunnuel film, it's toulh to place 
some kind ofvaluejudgmenton 
it. But if you like Mel Brooks 
" High Anxiety" will give ycni 
your money's worth. I thought 
it was better than "Blazing 
Saddles" , and as good as Young 
Frankenstein, and maybe a 
little bit less funny than "Silent 
Movie. " 

Sun never shines in 
"low" coal country 

by Malt WiU nicknamed " Big' n" who barely 
Pacific News Service fits into the 21,; -foot spaces. 

Logan County, W. VA. - "When I come around the 
The roof is only 30 inches corner with that cutting 

high. The walls are wet and machine, I just have to guess 
jagged. The sun never shines. where I'm ,oing, and hope 
. This is the world of the 15,000 nobody is in the way." 
workers in the U.S. who mine According to Lester, a major 
" low" coal. They are on their safety problem is that the low 
knees, neck and back bent for conditions encourage shortcuts 
eilht hours , five or six days a in work procedures. 
week for 30 or 40 years - " In any mine you work in, 
shoveling coal, moving thick there will be foremen trying to 
timbers for roof support get you to work faster whether 
carrying 50-pound sacks of it's safe or not," he says. " But 
supplies. it's more common in low coal, 

With this winter's coal strike because it takes longer to do it 
bringing the economics of coal right if you're going to put up 
into the public eye, the human roof supports or shovel loose 
side behind the wage demands coal so there won ' t be an 
often remains obscure. explosion." 

For the nation 's 15,000 low- Federal mine safety official 
coal miners - scatte red estimate that one-third of the 
throughout the s ou t he rn· deaths from roof cave-ins, lhe 
Appalachian Mountains, Ohio, number one coal-mine killer, 
Pennsyl vania , Alab a ma , could be prevented bylhe use of 
Illinois , Utah , Colorado and steel canopies or cabs to protect 
other major coal states - each machine operators from falling 
workday is a test: a test of how rock. 
much physical and pshycholog- Bu t m i n i ng eq u i pm e n t 
leal stress they can endure. manufacturers generally have 

The miners begin their day failed to design canopies or 
by riding flat on their stomachs cabs for 3O-inch coal, according 
as many as five miles into the to mine safety experts. One 
earth. The ride is a jarring, typical cab delivered for use at 
Jerking kidney-bouncer. a West Virginia mine confined 

" I don 't (' a t bre akfas t the machine operator to a space 
anymore," says James Bragg 23 inch~s high, 25 inc~es wide, 
Jr., a 32-year-old miner who and 45 mcheslong , With a door 
works in 3O-inch coal in Logan less than 15 inches high. 
County, W. Va . " Riding in that " In 3O-inch coal, you find all 
way , laying on your belly , the health and safety problems 
anything you ate , you know it. " of the coal industry ," says 

Thecoalseam, andtherefore Rich a rd Cooper , a safety 
the work space, may narrow to inspector for the United Mine 
as low as 24 inches, and rarely Workers . " T.he people wh o 
fluctuates above 36 inches. The des ign the equipment often 
workers need knee-pads to keep have never worked in a coal 
their skin from rubbing raw as mine. There is no attempt at 
they crawl, and often use safety specia l training for low-coal 
shoes with steel pla tes on the min e r s. An d so me of t h e 
outside to keep the toes from government inspectors give the 
wea ri ng ou t. Som e ti me s companies too much leeway 
needing both hands as they just because ce rtain sa fety 
crawl to their machines, they regula tions cost m oney to 
may use their mouths to carry comply with." 
their lunch buckets. Despite the dangers, thou-

They pray the roof won't fall , sands of miners continue to 
because they can' t run or even work in 3O-inch coal because 
walk out of danger. In fact , they the re a re few other jobs 
have a special dread of any kind available in the isolated regions 
of accident, because they know in which they live. Young men 
how hard it will be for their and women often find employ-
buddies, on their knees, to mentmore easily at mines with 
carry them to transportation. low coal than at other opera-

The work is even more tions where they would 
dangerous than mining in compete for jobs with older, 
higher coal, which itself is three more experienced workers. 
times more hazardous than the " I don't like it at all , to be 
national average for industrial honest with you," says Bill 
operations . With almost no Curry, a young miner who left a 
clearance above the 20- to 30- good job in Chicago so he could 
f 00 t - I 0 ng mac hines , th e raise a family in his native West 
worke~s cannot see whe.re they Virginia . "I think it's a hazard 
are gomg much of the time. to my health, especially eating 

They have to lean out the all that (coal) dust. All the 
side, while being careful not to older men around here a re 
crush themselves, alains the dyin, from black lung (dis-
mine walls. It 's like trying to ease) after so many years of 
drive a Greyhound bus with no eating the dust. But how else 
windows through a narrow can I make enough money to 
high war tunnel in heavy live on?" 
traffic WI.th your body hangin, Durin, his flnt weeks on the 
out the Side of the bus - only job, Curry broulbt a washcloth 
harder. to work so he could wash his 

" The thing that scares me to face and hands before eating 
deathaboutlowcoalisrunning lunch . But the other men 
into somebody else on the side laughed at him, and soon be 
of the machine where I can't could see their point: after 
see them," says Blaine Lester, crawHn, through tbe dUlt , 
a 6-foot, 250-pound miner (Pleaae tum 10 page 11) 

w ...... y. Ihn:h 8, 1178 triton times P.~ 11 

triton classifieds 
travel 

-

AROUND THE WORLD 
IN MANY WA YS/ 

Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
Travel <;atalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 5000 
ch~rters Ji~ted, ~scorted tours, air/ sea 
crUIses, mlm vacations. 

CLAIIlfiED .\118: 
s....,.. nile: .. ,., Itt_. 
__ nile: " ,., 1._. 
..... ,-_:_,._ ..... -
oW .. --. _ : w_. , ... _. Tr.m. 

....... IenI<H. __ ..... ,_. 
y- .. ...,. ... ,., - ............ ... --I10 ____ .. I8 __ 11r 

, ,.. . .. __ ' ....... ' _ .. ho .. _ o-. .... ... _____ ~ 

' ... ,H-,. ....... 'rIUy. 
penonals 

. BoIja N.tu,al HltoIory Crul ... n Iho Se. 01 Corte . . .. 
doy • . 101., .. ·Apr 2 _ . Co.-ace r . Rokop Z2S4 
bB o4TII 131111 

MA \lMOTII HE:\"TAL Ski Chu le. lleel» .0 3 
Olocltllro~ lir~s 7 at II Try to phm ~our trip 3 l~ 4 
'Aeeiul aheud minimum. Skun,K s hould be ere.n lhru 
May Ca ll Doug 171 .. , S40--5222 or 11141 17O..f)511 j3/'1 

Kim C· lhil1l8 day late but 1 couldn', feti.t . HAPPY 
BIRTHDAY to the mOlt eXCfO:Uent woman on 
campus. Ie 

H~ar II WornMn', v'ew or aboruon Lec1ure/ O;'-
cusslon. USB 2122 . 7. 30 pm. Wed. M., I . 13111 

~3~:rn-tJonal Women', Day - WedneJday, March' 

Can men or lOCiety have lelltimMte inter-aU In 
~~~~~ A lawyer speaks - Wed , 7 30 pm. USB 

S Were you rererrlna: t o m e'" D nit, 

P r o(e •• ion»1 Typinl . R ... ona~le Ratfl lti M 
Correctinl Selectnc. Call (or free Ellimat.e Gail 
411·7$4t. I6It1 

Typlq."penenced . reliable. reuon .. ble IBM 
CorrecUnl Se:lectrJl' Call an)rtlOle 4.\.t;..oI' 7 .. . 
0141. 111'1' 4; ·I ~ 
NEED A TYPIST' Re ...... ble ratel. SPEEDY 
SERVICE. 'BM ~II-corrtctln, Kallll. m_ 
.... r 12 ".-t. 13/171 
Typlna· .. I1 ........... II., ..... Irk! term P'POrl. 
tile'". etc . •• portenced 45!.I~ f\oenin,. I"tt) 
TYPING'IBM SOloetrk!tenn_n . ....... PhD. 
dlJ .. rutl ..... edlll ... . RUSH JOBS . 4~ . .. 

~171 . 211_. 451.1511(611) 
Typi .. ·.larilyn ..... Id like '0 rulllll you, lyPlO, 
=""xpen . .... ..,.,.bl. , h .. IBM. Call m.tI7::.s 

Tutorinl.oCaLculul Allebra. Tn • . Anal (Geom " 
Phy,lcs . Suti 'tici Call IJ h 217 ~ .' 51 (5 / 24) 

LEA RN SPANI H 
Ir you tf'a,J ry want to learn Spanllhquackly, nuenUy 
and correeOy. and II you have lhe coun. and 
stamina lor Intensive and dillCiplined .tudy. come 
• or at least one month lO Cuernavaca Lanrulae 
School Firstmonlhl3OO Followln,'ourweehl2OO 
Private tutor available lit 1350 (or 50 hOUri Detaill 
APOO . ·610 C uer n a v 8ca . M eXICO (Wt/71 

housing 

BOOK 01'1 CAMI'IIS Eul\,>t. H .... 1i and New 
Yorl< Cha"", rrilh~ CIEE 51udeftl TrovelSludenl 
Center 8«3. Opvl "reka .. ) Ii 12.-4 Call 451 ... 

ISRAEL-I .-.1r.veII8I ..... ...- to lour 1 .... , 
this aummtr tor 1:-1 ...... CaIJ Raad 411·1116 

lost -' found 
P1_ <i.1m •• TT of' lce: 
I ..... .. c-I< AMI),'" 
T .... 10 Ale""" 

~If .... li&allo&iet ""' E41. 
A PrU., of Ope_ I ~lIooi.1 
A -. HI.., .. A' rio. 1_) 
TIle _ I w ... Ia, 1,. ..... 1 
Tlw SH rel Advettary (paJler) 
s.e .. pod 81.., ,....,1 ... 1._ 
Reel Ma" !< ._ 
Green Cllfm ftCMHook 
Or ... ~ t' oIdf:r 
WOI'ftQ '. lrH" .we.aer, "''''Ie ."'ea&er 

keo:!-.al~a~g'~:'~!: t~J~~:o ~ Marcb lSt T)'pe 
Lost·Soron l)' pin " Ith letten AOh super Impoit!d 
on each other Sentimental value Call ...... 554 

Ernestine Kerk. Pleuec10ttlm )'ourbagwlth wallet 
check book . etc at Triton Time, 
Kns O'Leary - We have your jade bracelet in lhe 
TT oUice 

Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

... Client Protection 
Vnited California Traveljne, Inc. 

cJ:lia SOourf cI/,//air 
Can ~ Man have hLS unwanted child aborted" The 2 Bdrm, delu" Condo. lor rent or iease 1500 a month 
President of the Jewlih Life lUUH Committee unfur .. in C.rlJt,ad 213·72'-4757'. 714·· .. A ...... 1131101· 
knows. Wed .• 7:31). USB 2522 . • 3111 ~.-

announcements ~~n 
15 abortion riahtor wr~" Decide afler )'Qulindout 
~~ f:~'13~.urOlDiJcu .. 1on lon.,bl. USB 2&22 . 

services 
RESEARCH PAPERS - Thousands on file 12.75 
per pa.l. OrillRal reHarch .110 Ivallable ~ 
SI.OO lor c ... tol . NATIONAL RESEARCH 1_ 
WI",h.re no 2'4 LA 90024. 1213' 479-IOM 13117' 

P ROFE SS IONAL TH ESIS J MAN USCR I PT 
TYPING . Experienced: tIIo,wlhly ramiliar wl\h 

II rorm &: .t}' l~ requirements Rush jobs accepted 
J8M Correcting Selectri c 11 lypewnter Day *" 
3311. eve 5M 2947 (1/ 91 

CQal miners .•. 
(COnllllued from page 10) 
water , grease and loose coal all 
rno.rning! how could he pretend, 
while IYlOg on his side on the 
mine floor to eat, the the grime 
could be overcome with a little 
washing? 

While young miners like 
Curry say they are forced to 
stay in low coal, some more 
experienced workers actua lly 
prefer it. 

One big reason is that the 
companies often must pay $S or . 
$10 abov~ the $50-$60 per day 
other mmers earn . With the 
cost of living soaring because of 
general inflation , the coalfield 
housing shortages and the high 
cost of transportation in rural 
area s . many miners with 
fa milies cannot turn down a 
ch,ance to increase their pay. 
. 'The company bas to pay us a 

little more; they have to treat 
us right," says Cecil Bobbit an 
older mine wo rker whose 

~pecia1ty is bandling explos-
IVes. " We've got experienced 
men that could work anywhere 
they want to. So they've got to 
get a long with us." 
· ............................. . : . 

· Classlfleds: 
· 
· 
· : 
· 
· •. 

We take classifieds 
weekdays from 11 to 3. • 

. 

50~ for students 
The Tri ton Times 

a student·run newspaper 
. 

.•..•..••....................... 

XEROX 
, 

COPIES 

2~~~ 
minimum 

~~ .. ~=~ SOc E8Cn 
1101 510111 A ...... ~Gupl_ .. 
~1-I1I711 

OPEN 7:30a.m. · '0 p.m. M·F 
Solu!\ley.' Sunday. 10-5 

Room-rrune wanted. mile . Sprina: Qtr. to share new 
% bdnn condo Own rm • 1ft bath. pool. near 
campus. II~.$II mo. 4I3~. 1411) 

Share tc rm in ta 2 br apt CJoJe to campus. Pool . 
JaCUl, lame nn . AvaUabieAprll . lOOmo x303t/4~ 
N52 131 13) 

Male roomate (or ' prin, qtr. needed Rent; fllO" 
utihties. Non-smoker. 755-7* 13/ 101 

Roomate wanted. own room. Solana Beach . Marcl'l 
Z4-June 24. Sl!5.1M1 • utilities .'1 · 1087 (3110) 

t~emale roomate needed own room and bath 1131 
a nd III util lM PB a pl Ca ll Debbie at 210-1602 or Z82. 
2'191 131101 
,. ... emale needed' Share larg! room in Del Mar 
SlOJmontb. Utilities ' gil ". ele"tlrlc a pprox 
$3/ monlh Pho~t your own. sao depolt . ca n be uJed 
for la.t month I rent Pool ..... Ik to beach . Stln 
March 21. throuah summer and ntle l year it you 
want to l1ay. Rent will Dot cr. up Call eely or Ana,t 
4I1-7t1S e\'enllll' ~Iy .52·3150 ~Re&iltra r) - 452· 
1171 ev.""",. 13110, . 
Avail 100II Room in Solana 8th apL. furn (or 
SllO/ monlh near beach/ bus roomy 0 .mokers 

C.II'~'31 11i 
Room for 1 or% people ror rent lovfly Del Marhouae 
2 bllu beO('h ..,n·smoke .. ",anted 411-4'711 IJlI) 
Townhoute to abare, completely ful'll Owe room lma."" , .• pli. Ievol. DI W. pool. J ... ui. _ ._ 
room /ootftI. will"""."" 1141 '" "til. _10111. 
J.rr HI·3411 (3110) 

" GETTII'IG HIGH NATURALLY:' an •• pertenllsl 
proara!," led by Dr Bruce Meyer. Director of 
Tralnlft, for Th e National Ce nter for the 
ExpJoralJon o! Human Potenllal Fnday. March 10 
at 7' 015 pm t nr Iftro rmabon. call .sg~271S (3/10) 

for sale 
P""Hl M .. Ped 160 m • . I y,old. 1371 o,best orr., 
lIoward 413-4Z1t 14111 
Corven.~J"7 co,wt w/ re.movable hard top, mUll 
see Bett offer over as .ooo Howard m .... 2M1 (4/ 5) 
Mara nll 2215 fee ., Pion r PLI12 0 turntable. 
Apollo 1000 spkrs Like neVI" 137l. Call Steve . .. 
1969 13111 

Chev Malibu 6$. lood drivi"1 condltaon fotOO, or 
bel. orror Call m·UI2 13113' 

wanted 
Caah paid 10' c:oIb •• cI .... r!ni'. je .. olry. den .. 1 
.old . .... una and '" lIN U.s.Silve,,,,,i ... Kon751-
7371 1417) 

Models/ Male Good pay lor the nlhl person. Se:nd 
pholo POBox 1815 La Joll a 92031 1311' 

MlcroC!ompu~ p"",om_rl. u" """"'y by 
letUn, UI market your prolum. Any type 
pro.ram on any .ylt~. Contrlct Jobs available. 
Alan 513·_ 13124) 

creations 
FREE 

Crunchy Topping 
with any serving 
of frozen yogurt 

with this ad 

w. ar~ a ltUly . 
• unique and pro-

salon. spedaHlinl In th· 
I_tric halrcuttinl. 

fM men and women. perma-
nents. and hair colorinl . We will 
cut and style your hal' to 
complement your personality. 
face . clothes. anO lifestyle and 
!hen show )'OU how to care for 
)'OUr hair In an e .. y. simple way 
)'OU'" appreciate . 

. eIiEAWIYE· 
HAIII DESIGIIS 

for 

We know 
-"" ... ~-tha most pe<l1)Ie are 

apprehensive about tryin& a 
. new ulon. And since we ' re 
aware or this hesiu tlon. we not 
only try to provide a very com· 
foru". warm and mellow at-
mosphere. (tush creen pl&nts . 
IOOth ... stereo mUlk: . a relaxlnl 
class of wine) but we take the 

. time to 'eally communicate with 
you and do. thlnl ' richt . You will 
reaNy appreciate our creati..,e 
Indivldualited approach to you; 
head or hair 

IIEII " WOIIEII 
Come ... our unique aIon. Ioca~ in a beautifully 
refurbished 'ullman raIIl'OIId car. It·, v..., comfor, 
table, very warm and friendly. relaxin. and 
mellow. You'll love It. 

LET US PUT YOUR HAIR ON THE RIGHT TRACK! 
. Make your reservation today' 

_... 481-8963 
315 SO. HWY. 101 
(NEXT TO THE IDEA .ANIQ 

NAil 

• 



..... -

l'u' ··dergraduates··Needecl" 
~ . as Math Graders 
· ($3.94/hour) New chIIl ...... n of the 

NUeroICiencee Dept. 
Applicants must be registered students, have Wigbert C. Wiederholt, MD, 

II GPA f 3 0 better (nd ilaB been named Cbainnan of an overall co ege o. or a ~lhe Department of Neuro-
have an established UCSD GPA), and have sciences at UCSD. 
good grades in Math 2A, B, C, D, ~r ~ or any The appointment was an-
upper division Math courses. Apphcatlons are nounced on Feb. 'l:1 by School of Medicine Dean John H. 
available on the top ·floor of AP&M. Selected Moxely III, MD. Wiederholt 
graders will. be contacted early in the quarter. will succeed John S. O'Brien, 

! MD, who has resigned to devote 

STUDENTS· WHO HAVE GRADED: more time to cesearch. . : The Department of Nuero-
BEFORE MUST APPLY AGAIN AT: sciences, .establ~sh~ in . 1965, ~ was the first of Its k10d 10 the THIS TIME. : country. Weiderholtfeelsitstill 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ,..,.!...t..-I.-.!..!...!..! ••••••••• : •••••••••••• ;, has the best neurosciences 
department . "We have an 
outstanding group of both basic 

DO 
D~ 
~~~ 

scientists and ciinicians here 
so there is a considerable 
amount of cross-fertilization 
from the clinical to the basic 
sciences," he said. 

Student houalng 
bill held up 

A State Assembly bill 
designed to prohibit housing 
discrimination against stu-
dents was held up in the Senate 
Finance Committee Monday. 

The bill is being amended 
and will appear again 10 the 
Finance Committee on April 3. 
The amendments, introduced 
by Senator John A. Nejedly, 
concern length of contract 
and the ability of the land-
lord to run credit checks on the 
prospective rentor. 

Marijuana cultivation 
bill killed 

An Assembly bill that would 
have reduced penalties for 
cultivation of marijuana for 
personal use from a felony to a 
misdemeanor was defeated in 
the State Assembly recently. 

The bill (AB 367) , sponsored 

W ..... ..., ....... 1171 

Llqulfled n.tur.1 g •• alte 
for C.mp Pendleton 
A site in Camp Pendleton 

may become a Liquified 
Natural Gas (LNG) facility. It 
is being considered with four 
other sites along the California 
coast by the State Coastal 
Commission. 

The site that is chosen will 
receive LNG by ship from gas 
fields in Alaska and Indonesia . 
The facility will be able to 
convert gas from a liquified to a 
gasefied state and to store the 
gas for distribution throughout 
California. 

A public information briefing 
on the proposal will be held on 
March 16 at the County 
Administration Center at 7: 30 
pm. 

Theatre ..• 
(Contined from page 1) 
reasonable," said Witte. 

Ftaturin, Clairtmont's ONLY oraanically crown produce! 
. JB's bal buy-back poUcy: Brinl in your OWfl "land we111ive you 
a discount on lour Raceries. A •••••• •••• T-•••••••••••• , •••••••••••••••••••••• , •••• 

:ne~orative Hone), : Bill Gordon s : 
: Decanters : Headth Rap : 

by San Francisco Democrat 
rc..-....... ---........ -............. -"-~ Willie L. Brown, Jr., would 
• \ [ have made the growing orthree {COMMUNITY' p~aD~ or less pun~shable. by a 
" , cltatlOn and a maximum flOe of 

Patrons of the theatre will be 
accommodated by the Revelle 
parking lot, said Witte. Witte 
doesn ' t anticipate parking 
problems , as most of the 
performances will be held on 
nights and weekends. 

The Drama Department will 
have access to the theatre 
during the nine month school 
year, while the Foundation will 
have access during the three 
summer months . Witte ex-
plained that if the Music 
Department collaborates with 
the Drama Department on a 
production, then they will also 
have access to the theatre 
during that time. 

Wild Flower .t Clover 2 Bottle Set Thurs., March 9, 7:30 pm 
Free Nectar Pie 5495- rei. S6.SO to all UCSD 

• : students present • 
, .......................•........•.................... 

Open Coupon expires March 15! 
Eyery weeknilht til 8 Now Oyer 
Friday til 9 tlO 
Sat., Sun 1~ Bulk Bins 
locilted dose to UCSD in Di.1ne Shopping Center 

:iBLOOD BANKt. $100. . 
~ 983 India ? . 
, 327 F Street ; 
• I • 

~ PAYSDONORS ( ( . ! 
( for Service !,:. 
f Mon . · Fri . 
, 233·5481 ; i 234·4601 I 
... ~ ....................... ,,_~ ....... ~ ............ C A board of selected members 

affiliated with the university 
will decide on a name for the 
theatre and final approval will 
come from the Regents, said 
Witte. . 

.•.............................................................. , 
: Expires March 15, 1978 : 

~ TRANSMISSION SPECIAL ~ : QiQ $1450 : ~' 8 i P9 ON MOST CARS : 
• . . WITH THIS COUPON reg. $24.60 : 

. 

• Band Adjustment (where Iwhcable) : 
• Change Transmission Fluid • Clean Filter • Ad/ust Linkage • 
• New Pan Gasket • Road Test • Check Modulator 

Mission Transmission & Brakes 
ALL OUR WORK IS FULLY GUARANTEED 25 YEARS EXPERIENCE 

6131 Mission Gorge "Rd. 283-6118 ; 
...........•.................................••••••.••.....•.••.. 

latest .fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes examined 
prescripllons fil!ed 
contact lenses fitted 
repairs 

hours mon - in 10 ~O - 8 00 
sal. 10·6 ClOsed sund,ys 

orts arena blvd. 

224-2974 


