
UCSanDleco 

ThalHeimer, Amos out 
Appeal pending, lawsuit threatened 

Muir Provost John Stewart planting a tree in front o( Tioga 
Han Friday in commemoration of John Muir'. birthday. 
Feativitie. celebrating Muir'. birthday went on all last week 
and included free ice cream and cake and four bands in Muir 
Quad Sunday (or the "Day on the Green." 

( 

, 1 

by Eric Jaye 
Staff Writer 

AS presidential candidate Ed 
ThalHeimer and his vice-
presidential running mate Dan 
Amos have been disqualified 

becaus~ of repeated election 
code violation s Elections 
Commissioner Lori Dority 
announced last night. 

Dority said the AS Elections 
Committee cited ThalHeimer 
and Amos for eight violations of 
ttie elections code, including: 
" exceeding their $75 spending 
limit", " willful violation of a 
direct order of the elections 
commissioner" and " falsified 
information on officia l elec-
tions forms clearly intended to 
mislead the committee." 

ThalHeimer said after 
Dority ' s announcement that 
the charges were untrue and he 
and Amos planned to appeal. 

Deliberation continues over 
UCSD 'recreation facility 

by Laura A. Richter 
News Editor 

While last year's proposed Recreation Center 
Complex was rejected by students through the 

priDa . .BaUD ddibetatio ~onti{l 0 ~ 

according to the number and quality of the 
components (pool, handball courts, etc.) and 
according to future construction costs, range 
from $5 .5 million to a minimum of $1.9 million. 

The elections committee will 
hear their appeal tomorrow at3 
pm. 

If the elections committee 
rules against them , said 
ThalHeimer, he and Amos 
would take their appeal to the 
AS Elections Judicial Board, 
which the AS set up last qua rter 
for the purpose of hearing 
elections appeals. 

If the judicial board rules 
against them, ThalHeimer said 
he would take the case to the 
courts . ThalHeimer said that if 
he and Amos were not on the 
ballot his legal case would 
challenge the validity of the 
elections to be held next 
Tuesday a nd Wednesday. 

Dority refused to elaborate 
on any of the charges last night , 
stating it would prejudice the 
case . 

She did say ThalHeimer and 
Amos had been given a formal 
warning for posting violations 
last week and that the commit-
tee had "sufficient reason" to 
disqualify the two . 

ThalHeimer and Amos plan 
to discuss the disqualification 
with Acting Vice-chancellor of 
Student Affairs Howard Hunt 
this morning. 

Hunt said last night he did not 
know the reasons for the 
disqualification and that he wa 
"operating in a vacuum." 

However , Hunt said , II I 
wouldn 't take any action unless 
there has been some illegal 
action involved. " 

After discussing the situation 
with a lawyer last night 
ThalHeimer said if anything 
that would hurt his campaign 
was printed in the Triton Times 
he would challenge the legafity 
of the election. 

ThalHeimer o;aid, " The only 
thing that is bot,", 'ring me is the 
bias. If they dr qualify us 
again and we lose Lhe election, 
we can appeal for another 
election . I know the other 
candidates know about this and 
they are obviously going to go 
around telling people were 
disqualified . " 

In other election news, Dority 
announced yesterday after-
noon that Activity Fee Board 
candidate Cynthia Kincey had 
also been disqualified because, 
according to the Campus 
Registrar, she did not meet the 
academic requirements for 
candidacy. 

need for additional sports facilities for students 
on the UCSD campus. Members of the 
Recreation and Athletic Facilities Long Range 
Development Planning Committee have 
tentatively given up the idea of locating a 
facility east of the Warren Campus, across 
Highway 5, as it was proposed last year, because 
of its isolation, its inaccesibility, and " maybe 
t he psychologically bad connotations," 
according to Anton Witte, Director of Capital 
Budget and Space Management and committee 

As an altern tive to adding the full cos~ f the ' 
project to the current s"tu ent rees~- ICon 
expressed his own feeling that Reg Fee 
management could be reevaluated. " UCSD has 
an awful lot of administration that might not be 
needed," said Nicoll, who felt that this campus 

Should AS officers be paid? 
- has a lot of " cadillac versions" of certain 

programs, including OASIS and Counseling and 
Psychological Services. 

The committee is considering various facility 
components in relation to a report, produced by 
c<1mmittee member Frank Vitale , which 
outlines current facility use and how that use 
could be economized to accommodate more 
students. 

Salary debate stalled 
pending AS election 

member. -
The committee has discussed several 

possibilities for site location, including next to 
the main gym, at Mandeville parking lot (which 
Witte aid would cost $140,000 to relocate) , and 
east of Central Library. 

After a year and a half , how'ever , the 
committee is still " in the stage of defining 
precisely what should be built," said Witte. 

" I think every student on campus wants to see 
a more convenient place for volleyball courts 
and other facilities," commented Kenzie N icoH. 
Reg Fee Com mittee representative to the 
committee. 

Nicoll admits that he's'" keptical" though , 
about the willingne s of student to pay an 
additional minimum of $4 quarterly for the new 
faci lities. 

E limated cost for the project. which v~ry 

mment ry_ 

A consensus of what committee members and 
advisors felt to be needed components was 
recorded in which the quarterly fee increase per 
student would be $8 . 

But Nicoll said that five or six students. 
serving on the committee were not present at 
that particular meeting, a nd the report 
therefore does not fairly repre ent the student 
viewpoint. 

Nicoll drew up an alternativ , plan, which 
includes a "minimum" amount of components 
and would co t approximately 6 per tudent 
each quarter . He listed handball and 
racquetball courts, a small pool, and a field as 
hi prioritie, while he feel that the co t of a 
gym is prohibitive. 

by Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor 

Should AS officers be paid for 
performing their duties? Does 
the job of president , vice-
president , commissioner or 
college representative require 
enough time or de cisio n -
making to deserve payment? 
Or is the job essentially part-
time in nature and not demand-
ing enough to warrant a salary? 

These are questions AS 
officer , and other tudents , 
have debated informall 
through this school year. Many 
officer eem to feel payment i 
a good idea, at least in an ide 1 
ituation with enough fund 

available for the salarie . 

Hospital parking garage: A bandaid? 
by Andy Schneider 

Associate New Editor 

The prestige of a modern university i based upon an ability 
to draw in research resource and to provide service for the 
community . University Hospital and the Medical Center 
downtown are an integral part ofUCSD's purpose. This facility 
conduct research into major medical problems and delivers 
health care to the low income population of the city. 

Recently th Parking Advisory Committee voted nine to two 
to turn down a proposed fee increase for UCSD faculty, students 
and staff that would have supported the construction of a $5 
million parking structure to meet the needs of the hospital 
facility. . 

Th committee did not reject the needs of the hospital , but 
took th first step in recognizing that UCSD as a whole ha a 
transit problem . Prior to making a h('avy duty capital 
inve tm nt, the committ reque ted that the admini tration 
make a careful tudy of alternativ open for th olution to the 
problem. 

At th meting, A 
th major xp n ion 

if we must build the parking garage, it's nothing more than a 
bandaid. As long as people keep driving alone in their car , by 
1981 we will be on the arne boat all over again - too many-car 
and not enough spaces. 

UCSD has been cited twice by the Environmenta l Control 
Board for creating too much pollution downtown. It' about 
time we fac up to the fact that faculty , tud nt and staff who 
drive alone in their car to and from UC facilitie are 
generating significant problems . We must a ume a 
responsibility for the damage don to the nvironment that 
surround our enterpri e. 

More parking makes it even more conv nient to drive. We 
can't go on preading parking lot over the fac of SD. 

On the other hand, we can't ignore th fact that car parked 
all over the neighborhood which urround fa ilili is ju t 
a bad. W can't chang the location of th $40 million hospital 
investment nor can we hut the ho pital down. Parking ha 
b come a con iderabl irritant to th 10 al community. 
Parking ha begun to rr t the ho pita! ' ability to m t i 
purpo e. 

What th h 11 do w do? Th probl 

Most candidates for positions 
on next year's AS feel the same 
way, although they are always 
careful to add that if the student 
body is against payment then 
they are opposed to it also. 

On other campuses 
On some UC campuses, AS 

officer are paid salaries. UC 
Berkeley President Trudy 
Lynn Martin, for instance, i 
the highe t paid officer in the 
UC sy tern at $400-per month. 

In eparate interview 
Monday two AS officer aid 
unequivocally that A officer 
here de erve payment and the 
Student Organization Advi or 
indicated cautious upport for a 
very limited payment plan. 

A few weeks ago, Commi -
sioner of Communication 
Dave Ei en was ready to place 
before t he AS Council a 
propo al for payment of an 
annual $750 tipend to each A 
officer , because he thinks 
alarie will help insur better 

work from all the officer . 
Ei en aid he backed off the 

proposal because he belie e it 
would ine" itably become 
embroiled in th i ue of th 
current campaign and, even if 
it were pa sed now, it would be 
re cind d oon as th new 
council took office. 

" Th candidate who e en-
tually won tt eir campaign 
would've f\ tho against 
paym nt, au it' popular 
to be a ain t tI hi 'ul (vl S 
members," Ei n said. 

Muir 011 ge A Representa-
tlv Kevin Eck ry . who I 
wid Iy a knowled~ed a on of 
th . inn r d 1 ion-m kin 
cir 1 . gr d with Ei n that 
pa m nt i n ary to gi 
th council om I v rag ov r 

( PI turn to p g 6) 



• UCSMDltao 
Unsigned editorials (those appearing in bold-faced type on the left side of 
the opinion ~) r-epresent a majority opinion of the Triton Tames 
.Editorial Board, which is comprised of f::i:jitOl Alan RusseU, Senior editor 
Mark Stadler, Managing editor Ran Anbar, News editor Laura Richter, 
Associate News editors Andy Schneider and Reed Alpert and Assistant 
Managing editor Cindy Heffron_ AU signed material and artwork 
represent the author's, or artist's opinion, and do not necessarily reflect 
the Iliews..of the Triton Times_ 

Triton Times 
AS endorsements 
Academic Affairs: 

Margot Tempereau 
Appointments and Evaluations: 

~. Bill Topkis 
Program Board Chair: 

Chuck Flores 
Public Relations: 

Carlos Montalvo 

Further endorsements on Friday 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs: We endorse Margot 

Tempereau. She has been involved with academic affairs, through 
such groups as CAPE (she edited the last CAPE catalog). In 
addition, she demonstrates a knowledge of the academic issues 
facing the campus, such as tenure and the quality of education, 
especially from TAs. Moreover, Tempereau has shown an ability 
to work with individuals and groups on acad emic issues, which is 
a very important part of the commissioner 's job. 

Commissioner of Appointments and Evaluations: We endorse 
Bill Topkis, Though none of tbe three candidates for this office 
have overwhelm~ us with their qualifications, Topkis does have 
some experience in the area, through working with the current 
commissioner, Jim Lofgren. He also realizes the importance of 
keeping track of the many students the commissioner appoints to 
campus-wide committees and making sure they represent student 
interests on the committees. 

Program Board Chair: We endorse Chuck Flores. He bas a large 
amount of experience in programming, especially through his 
position of Muir College House Advisor. He was one of the major 
forces behind the two successful basketball spirit nights last 
quarter and has a demonstrated concern for making the UCSD 
campus a better place to attend scbool. We also think Flores' 
opponent, Melanie Aischuler, is a good candidate and hope she will 
continue to work in campus programming. . 

Commissioner of Public Relations: We endorse Carlos 
Montalvo. He has had experience organizing and working with 
students at Revelle campus, especially with the Revelle 
Community Center. In addition, he has shown a willingness to 
learn about the governmental situation and problems involved 
with it, and understands the importance of keeping students 
informed about the AS, 

University Events 
.nd 

Aspect 
pre.enl 

FEAR AND LOATHING 
AT 

urt~er S. Thompson 
Tuesday, May 2nd 
Revelle Cafeteria 

8:30 pm 
Admission: $2.50 Students 

$3.50 General 
for Info. call 452-4559 

.... .." AprIl" 11" 

Commentary 
Passive participation is not enough 

by Daniel Roemer 
The time has come for 

students at UCSD to quit 
accepting a passive role in 
obtaining an education. The 
fact that the administration is 
denying tenure to professors 
Wright, Ngubo, Blumberg , 
Mehan and Bender indicates 
that it is not concerned with 
meeting the necessities of a 
diversified education, nor is it 
willing to listen to proposals by 
students to enhance our rapidly 
deteriorating quality of 
education. My com plaints 
include the fact that students 
are not allowed to practice an 
active role in the course of 
obtaining an education, and 
that the administration (a term 
which needs to be used since the 
increasing depersonalization 
and bureaucracy prevents 
students from defming who is 
directly responsible) plays an 
active role in preserving this 
passive,student role. 
Daniel Roemer is a UC San 
Diego student. 

Secondly, I object to the fact 
that our educations are 
suffering because of the 
maintenance of this apathy and 
administrative lack of concern 
for the qualHy of education. 
And finally , I am frightened 
and apalled by the attempt at 
censorship through the denial 
of tenure. The student response 
to these issues will largely 
determine the extent to which 
students will be a 1I0wed to 
obtain a diversified and 
relevant education. 

Let me begin by defining a 
"relevant education." A four 
year stay at any particular 
university mayor may not 
provide adequate occupational 
preparation for a desir'ed 
career. But I think we can 
agree that there are instances 
where choice in academic 
programs would facilitate a 
career. In the broader sense of 
the definition , we should 
consider the subjective factors 
of an education which promote 
the functioning of individuals 
with each other, and in their 
respective communities and in 
government. How can people 
be expected to partake in 
decision-making policies after 
graduation when they could not 
even influence the policies of 
the comparatively small 
university? Choosing which 
courses and who shall be 
allowed to instruct those 
courses is an integral part of a 
complete education. The fact 
that students may be able to 
select more accurately which 
professors are better qualified 
to teach than administrators 
who spend more time in their 
ofrices than evaluating 
professor performance is not 
the main issue . The point is, 
that in selecting and being held 
accountable for academic 
decisions students gain 
perhaps more knowledge than 
they do while being packed 
into classes taught by part-time 
professors who make their 
livelihood by research. If 
students were granted a 
significant role in the tenure 
granting and other decision-
making processes, these 
responsible attitudes would 
also carryover into our adult 
lives. Only when we are allowed 
to be articulate and account-
able for our ac tions will 
responsibility and rationality 
surface. 

Yet at UCSD students playa 
negligible role in the improve-
ment of thes conditions. We 
are here at eSD to get a n 
education in pr paration of our 
lives outside of the univ rsity . 
Yet how many d cisions are we 
allowed to influenc whi h m y 
d t rmine ou r success or 
failure in th<Jt outside world '! 
Ralph Nad r r r rs to this lack 

of influence as the "panty raid o( censorship. Forget, momen-
syndrome ." We are taken tarilythatwearelosingsomeof 
seriously only when dealing UCSD 's concerned a nd dedi-
with nonserious topics . We are cated thinkers. At what point 
allowed to make decisions are we gOing to allow ourselves 
about housing, food services to be taught arbitrary adminis-
and menus. We are given the tration-approved ideas? The 
opportunity to plan socia l function of the univerSity is to 
events, dances , parties and ex pose its students to various 
some athletics. There isn't a ny ideas , and to teach them to be 
hassle about drinking in dorms able to arrive a .t rational 
or spartments_ What it boils decisions concerning those 
down to is that we are allowed ideas . The function of the 
to drink ourselves into oblivion university should not include 
on any fiven weekend at our selecting the proper ideas to be 
choice 0 parties and dances . Is presented . We need to have 
it becoming clear what the bums around if only to ensure 
extent of our liberties are? I that we are being exposed to a 
have a proposal for the widerangeofideas . Assoonas 
admi ni strators - they can you eliminate diversity in 
decide what we eat and how we education , you s uffer t h e 
plan parties a nd dances, and I immediate consequences of 
would like to proceed with the becoming a less enlightened , 
serious business of obtaining an Nell-rounded individual. When 
e ducation. you eliminate the right to 

Size is anotherfactor which is c hoose for diversity in an 
becoming increasingly detri- education, you become a victim 
mental to the quality of of the capriciousness of your 
education here. It is not unusual oppressor . You become a 
for undergraduates to be stagnant, paralyzed conspira-
packed into classes of 300 tor to the institution which 
people . This overcrOwding created you. 
might be acceptable at UCLA UeSD has spent its first 
or UeB where the enrollment is decade establishing for itself a 
over 25 ,000 , but when the respectable academic reputa-
enrollment is under 9,000 there tion nation-w ide . The next 
isn't any excuse (or classes of stage is inevitable to the 
this size . When professors development of any higher 
attempt to rectify this situation institution of education which is 
by spending more time in truly dedicated to free thought 
preparation of lectures and and learning. We can begin to 
with students, they are labled implement the ideals nece -
" bums " and denied tenure . sary for such a transformation 
Where are our priorities at only by ensuring that there are 
UeSD? still free thinkers around to 

And finally there is the issue teach. . 

Letters to the editor 
AS: a· closed group 
Editor: 

Access - access is the key word. 
If this student government is to 
have any legitamacy at all we must 
prove to the students that they have 
access to their government. Partof 
the problem of the AS is that it has 
been a relatively closed group. We 
must find ways of recruiting the 
otherwi e disenchanted. disaf-
fected and disillusioned students 
into it. Part of the problem is a lack 
of adequate facilities and informa-
tion gathering processes. 

What this means is that the AS 
members have difficulty in gauging 
the precise needs of the student. We 
must have inform ation gathering 
processes which will inform the 
student government of the proper 
course of action . This entails 
bureaucracy. The AS must have a 
clear mandate for action. A large 
voter turnout .would ensure the AS 
of its continued students' upport. 
The issues are complex involving 
serious thought. There are no black 
and white solutions. There is only 
free inquir.v and a forum or 
discussion . These are times of 
ambiguity . We cannot be polarized 
into extreme positions. This would 
only mean control of our lives 
reverting to the administration. We 
must face the issues clearly and 
honestly . We have severe financial 
difficulties. 

We must determine once and [or 
all if t h e humanities. social 
sciences and fine arts are to 
survive . The sciences h<.lve a 
special role in our SOCiety . Clearly 
we must not abandon the pursuit of 
knowledge . However . we must 
remember that knowledge come 
in a ll forms . Knowledge of 
our Ives is just as important as 
knowledge of the uni verse. We must 
determin~ once and for all thc type 
of educatlon we want. Economic 

cannot be the sole criterion. Other. 
values such as respect for hie must 
also be a part of our educational 

he.rit~ge . Tolerance and a biding 
falth 10 the capacity of individuals 
to make their own decisions must 
also be a part of the solution. 

MIKE RUSSO 

Hindu Guru 
to speak 
Editor: 

Former Hindu Guru Rabidranath 
Maharaj will speak today . April 26, 
at 2 pm at the Revelle Informal 
Lounge (on the south side of Revelle 
Cafeteria) . 

.. Descended from a long line of 
Brahmin priests and trained as a 
Yogi, Rabidranath Maharaj 
meditated for many hours each day 
during his childhood in Trinidad. 
orten experiencing psychic 
phenomenon, and as a teenager he 
fulfilled the prediction of pundits 
and astrologers that he would be a 
great Hindu leader ." -from the 
cover of his autobiography Death of 
a Guru. 

If you are at all intere ted in 
Eastern mysticism (Zen, Yoga , 
Eckankar, Transcendental 
Meditation. etc.) . if you are 
interested in comparative religions 
or if you are just curious about why 
a Hindu Gur.lJ who people wor-
hipped would give up everything 

and turn his life over to Jesu 
Christ. you ar~ invited to hear 
Rabidranath Maharaj speak a nd 
answer your questions . He is a 
Christian who has spo ken at 
Ulllver ltles throughout Europe, 
across the US and arou nd the world . 
Don 't miss thi opporlunity to hear 
him speak! 

ROGER CONOVER 
Trident Christian Fellowship 

The Triton Times is published by UCSO students as n official Sluoenl newspaper 
Publlcallon Is on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays during the regul.r school yea; 
(except on oHlclal holidays) . Editorial end business offices are located in lhe Student 
Ce~ter at Ihe Univers ity 01 Caillornia, San Diego For eOllorlal , call 452-3466. lor 
busoness and display advertis in g. call 452-30'68 

Lellers to Ihe editor and opinion columns are welcomed All submlsslolns shOuld be 
typed and Oouble-spaced on a 69-space line They Should nOI e.cHO tl; panes In length. • 

Submitted material must bear lhe name and student Identotocalion number 01 th 
aUlhor Names can ~e withheld 1 rom publicallon on request , hOwever. the names Will be 
held on file lor public Inspect'on 

The Tro lon Times res<!Irves Ihe roghl to edit submiSSions because of space Iimlt.loons 
or style rf'quir ments 

Enloo conI nts copynghl 19181he Tliion Times 

..... III" ApftI .. 1171 triton times 

Elections for 1978-79 
ASUCSD positions 
Statements from candidates for: 
Vice-president 
Commissioner of Communications 
Commissioner of External Affairs 
Activity Fee Board Chair 

Vote next Tuesday an·d Wednesday 

Vice-president 
Daniel Amos 

In less than one week, you t~ students of UCSO can make a 
positive change inthe structure of the ASUCSO. You cando this by 
voting, ED 11iALHElMER and DANIEL FAMOUS AMOS. 
PRESIDENT and VlCE·PRESIDENT. I, FAMOUS AMOS have 
two basic goals . 

One is to work on practical issues,that will directly affect you the 
students,and not the type of bureaucratic issues my opponents 
have proposed. For example, i know I don't want to pay eight 
percent more to live on campus next year, and that I don't want to 
pay 50 percent more to park on campus. You should not have to 
pay these increases either. With my experience I plan to change 
this. 

I also feel we are paying too much for books. I also want to see 
more funding go towards athletics. Besides dealing with these 
issues and many more, I plan to create a social balance at UCSO. 
One way I plan to do this is to open a weekly disco on campus 
modled after the very successful FRIDAY NIGHT FEVERS. 

This is the type of new and creative programming we need. ED 
THALHEIMER and DANIEL FAMOUS AMOS stand for a 
balance . The "New Wave." Vote 11iALHElMER and FAMOUS 
AMOS. 

Rachel Cohen 
I am a junior at Third College and have been quite active in 

student commmitt8e$ and organizations for the past three years. I 
feel the role of the AS government is to keep students happy. As 
your vice-president I wiD &ee to it that the AS sponsors oneolarse 
event weekly merely for the students' enjoyment . Be it a party, 
dance or concert, as a Resident Advisor I have the experience and 
the know how to organize these activities_ The major 
responsibi~ty of the vice-president is the chair the AS Council. The 
main problems last year were personality confticts. I am ea5ylo get 
along with, but don't hesitate to put my fool down when necessary. I 
have the ability to run our government effectively and efficiently. 
Vote for me, Rachel Cohen. I can get things done. 

Edwin Cabrera 
As a member of the progressive coalition, the main idea behind 

my campaign is not for radical change, but rather a progressive 
movement for improvements that are needed. Sometimes, 
however I it is important to help maintain systems already present. 
This is wnat I believe to be the case for the student day care center_ 

I feel that the ASUCSD should work towards striving to keep this 
service going. The main interest of the ASUCSO is to work (or the 
benefit of all students and the needs of a large number of students 
would not be being met if the day care center were not maintained. 

To meet the needs of students, I feel that the ASUCSD needs the 
input of students. This, I feel, is not the case with the present 
ASUCSO. Unes of communication must be improved_ 

The lack of participation and interest of the student body in the 
ASUCSD is due to a lack of information being released by the AS. 
Students simply don't know what is going on in their student 
government and this situation needs to be corrected. 

Robin King 
For any student government, including the ASUCSD there are 

certain unavoidable limitations. Appropriate funding is a major 
problem. Another is an administration that is often unreceptive and 
uncooperative. Needless to say, the administration will always be 
an obstacle. However, the inflicted limitations should be realized 
and dealt with accordingly. 

As a vice'presidehtial candidate, my qualifications are 
experience, (EDNA and university committees), motivation and an 
awarelle56 of realistic ideals. My concem is to establish an effICient 
government. Presently, idle talk is backed only with more idle talk. 
Verbal concem has been excessive, but under present conditions, 
problems are un resolvable. 

I would not advocate that concem for issues be restricted. My 
point is that for many issues, effective and immediate solutions are 
attainable . The Student Center can be made more beneficial. Day 
care services can be improved. A program for student input on 
academic processes can be established and etc. However, before 
constructive action can be taken, an efficient council must be 
implemented. 

Ann Carberry 
For a Student Government to be responsive to the students new 

blood must be constantly infused. Yet to remain effective, 
consistancy and expertise must also be maintained. I'm running fOr 
Vice-president because I have the experience in working with the 
university to direct the AS Cound toward the fulfillment of their 
goals. As chair of the Council, I would devote a large portion of my 
time ·to working with Commissioners to develop game plans and 
with the College reps to build the currently missing links between 
the AS and the colleges. 

My experience includes two years as Muir Rep to the R~ Fee 
Committee dealing with $5 miOion in studenl fees membership on 
the Muir College Council, the originator and coordinator of the Reg 
Fee Intern Program, and Coordinator 01 the Budget Committee of 
the old Co-op. 

The vice-president is a crucial pivotal position. If that person does 
not have a firm grasp of the workings of the UC system the great 
ideas of a new AS will remain nothing more than campaign slogans. 
The issues being addressed by all candidates and slates hardly vary. 
The deciding point must be the ability to see things through. John 
Jenkel, Margot T empereau and myself can and wiIf. Vote for us - It 
Makes A Ditference!l!! 

Bill Silva 
The main issue in this election is not whether or not we will have 

more TGIFs or a Pub or a Communications Department. The main 
issue is whether or not we can elect a government that will be strong 
enough to institute the various projects that students have been 
asking for. 

My name is Bill Silva and I am running for the office of vi: e· 
president. VlCe'president is a crucial office because it controls tloe 
chair of the AS Council. This year we have seen a lack of student 
input to this chair and a lack of response to the students from it. 

The time is now to elect an AS that is willing to build ties with 
student organizations, is willing to solicit student input and anxious 
to provide more TGIFs, representation in the Academic Senate, 
iU\d pressure fOf' a Communications Department because students 
have asked for these things. 

In talking with students on campus the past few weeks and in 
working as a House Advisor at Muir College, I have a good feeling 
for what the students want and how they want their government to 
operate. However, the AS will never work for you unless you 
maintain communication in both directions. A vote for me is a vote 
lor such communication. 

Commissioner of Communications Commissioner of External Affairs 
Bill Friedman 

I am running for Communications Commissioner for many reasons . My first task in this position will be 
to work toward putting KSDT on the FM band. The campus station has an excellent program of news 
and prQ9ressive rock which, unfortunately, cannot be heard by a large number of students . 

Establishing a humor magazine is another of my priorities. I also have other concerns which are not 
directly related to communications, but affect all students. For olxample,l would like to conduct an audit 
of housing and lood services. 11 is amazing that a pea·sized two-bedroom Mesa apartment costs SSOO per 
month ($125 per student). Comparable apartments close to campus cost haH as much. 

UCSD needs more co·ops to cut the cost of services that students need. Specifically, a food co-op with 
a greater variety of goods, an auto repair co-op, and a "personal grooming co·op" are needed. The auto 
repair co-op would provide employment for students, as well as honest, high-quality service. The 
personal grooming co-op would offer haircuts and related services, and be another source of student 
employment. Why should we pay exorbitant prices for services that students could offer one another at 
a reasonable cost? 

Paul Karoff 
I am a Communications student with experience in the print and broadcast media at UCSD.I view the 

Commissioner of Communications to be responsible for the following general areas: 
1) To regulate student·funded media; to protect these media from censorship from the administration 

or the AS;' and generally to encourage the media's productive role in the university decision-making 
process. 

2) To serve as a student -mandated lobbying force for communications students; to provide a means for 
student access to the administrative processes which directly influence the Communications Program. 

Some of the key issues I would address if elected are: 
- journalism at UCSD - 1 would support and lobby for increased opportunities for credit from the 

Communications Program and other departments for journal.tic endeavors in campus media. 
- funding - we may all talk about equitable funding, yet there are always those who claim to be treated 

less equaly than othen. I would hope to cOl'llluh all media to deviIe acceptable criteria for less arbitrary 
funding of campus media. 

KSDT license - I support KSDTs efforts to secure an FCC non-commerical FM license. 

James Montgomery 
As a candidate for Commissioner of communicatiol'lll I can express my experience in journalism, 

media communication, and business as qualificatiol'lll for the office. 
I am experienced in the fields that are vital for the pnsition I would hold. Importantly,l am new to the 

ASUCSD Council and its associates . 
I would attempt to develop KSDT into a radio station that students can and will listen 10. KSDT could 

obtain a license to broadcast FM ,n the area from Mission Beach to Cardiff to UniverSity City If proper 
funding is available. 

As Commissioner of Communications, I would coormnate a student lobby to enlarge the 
Communication Department. Th CommUnication Department must hav d partment statu to be a 

(Plea turn to pag 8) 

Jon Bekken 
I am running on the Progressive Coalition slate for Commissioner of External Affairs. I am in total 

agreement with the Coalition's platform which calls for student control of the cafeterias, departmental 
status for communications, expansion of day care services, free gynecological services and the 
convening of a Constitutional Convention. Each of these positions has been endorsed, with decisive 

majori~s, by students in campus-wide referenda last year. 
The current AS has not acted on these, or any other, student goals during its first year in office_ Instead 

petty power plays and bureaucratic maneuverings have dominated the AS scene. The AS budget 
doubled last year, and yet there was no increase in services provided to students. 

External affairs have also suffered neglect . No action has been taken to improve UCSO's dismal 
student/faculty or TA ratio, the need to work towards autonomy of student government from the 
Regents and the Administration has been ignored. No action has been taken to requre the university to 
exercise social responsibility in research or investments. The question of the reorganization of the Board 
of Regents (approved by students 159410490) has not been touched. All of these issues need to be dealt 
with and I am willing to work on them. 

Jim Lofgren 
I am Jim Lofgren; I'm running for Commissioner of External Nfairs. I believe the best indicator of my 

future performance is my past track record as Commissioner of Appointments and Evaluations this past 
year. Unlike my opponent who resigned from his position in the AS, I was dedicated enough to complete 
my term of office. As Commissioner of External Affairs I will represent UCSD students at meetings 01 the 
Student Body Presidents'C04ncii and UC Regents. LocaDy,l will serve as the liaison between the student 
body a"d the San Diego community. In these roles I plan to fight for lower registration fees, a 10wer 
drinking age, improved bus service, oppose rent increases and housing discrimination against students. I 
believe I am best suited to accomplish these and other goals. I want to continue working with the AS in the 
best interests of the students. Vote Jim Lofgren for Commissioner 01 External AH!lirs. 

Activity Fee Board Chair \ 
(Yesterday afternoon Commissioner of Election Lori Dority nnounced one of the candidate. Cyntlua 
Kincey, has been diquabfied becau of a grade discrepancy. Incumbent Jim Atkins. running lor 
reelection. is now unopposed .) 



triton times triton times PageS 

rts 
Tritons looking forward 
to tennis championship 

1M sports 
Royal Hippodrome tops 
AAA softball rankings 

). 

by Karen Hunter 
Starr Writer 

After the completion of a 
weekend of successful tennis, 
which included three victories and 
one loss, the men's tennis team is 
looking ahead to the upcoming 
Ojai Tournament and the NCAA 
Division III national champion-
ships . Currently, the overall 
season record stands at 12 wins 
and 10 losses. 

Action began last Friday 
morning against CSU Bakersfield 
with a 5-1 Triton victory . 
Bakersfield, the tenth ranked 
team in NCAA Division II, only 
brought four team members for 
the match against UCSD. 

Playing in the top position, Paul 
Metsch scored an impressive 6-1, 
6-0 victory over Bakersfield 's 
Florida recruit, Bill Stearns. Bill 
Hein. at number three, posted a 5-
7, 6-4, 6-1 comeback win. 

The doubles team of Joe 
Starvish and Russ Carlson 
suffered a setback in a tight 
match, 7-6 , 6-4. 

A hot, smoggy Saturday 
afternoon was spent at Redlands 
in a losing effort, 1-8. The lone 
victor, Paul Metsch, played 
"exceptionally well", in the words 

The image of an adult world through a child's eyes. 

PARA -1Ol-:,,\T PICTlllliS PRESE~'TS "PRE~ BABY' 
StArTIng KI~ITH CARRADINE. SUSAN SARANDON 

and BRO() I\E SHIEL S Al!tioctll\e Producer POLLY PLAn 
Screenplu~ b)' POLLY PIATT Story by POLLY PLATT 

and WUIS MALLE ~I~d g~~~~;\g~ JERRY WEXLER 
R _"!~:=::. ... ..<t~." I Produced and DIrected by ill UIS MALLE ~ ........ . """"MII." .. 11iU : •• lUll 1111 IIAIIIAil M WOt Soundllocl . lb. m .... ~ ... ABC ft<OIcluod CRllIpn : I : 

Cl t11' filA' Hf 'tCl",,,U ~AftOf'l All "1(;"'1 IUKIl'tfO -. ~ ~ 

STARTS. FRIDA ¥l 

of his coach, Tad Yamaguchi. 
. 'P aul has been playing extremely 
well recently, following a slight 
midseason slump." Metsch flew 
by his opponent, A. Rahimi, 6-3, 6-
2. 

In the number three slot, John 
Rosenberg, freshman standout, 
lost a tough match to a highly 
ranked player, D. Char, 4-6, 6-~, 6-
4. Rahimi and Char pooled their 
efforts to beat Bill Hein and Jack 
Broudy, 6-4, 7-5, at number one 
doubles. Last year the Rahimil 
Char duo captured the district 
doubles championship. 

"The teams were fairly equal in 
ability," commented Yamaguchi. 
"However, their homecourt 
advantage on slow courts that we 
are not accustomed to, combined 
with the weather, gave Redlands 
a slight edge." 

Azusa whipped, !H) 
In the meantime, UCSD ' s 

second team played at home, 
whipping Azusa Pacific. 9-0. Joe 
Starvish , Alan Apar , Bill 
Goldenberg and Phil Kaukonen 
racked up easy si~gles victories. 
At number one , Alex Rosenthal 
defeated his opponent, 7-5, 6-0, 
while Kurt Campbell won, 7-6, 6-1. 

The best was saved for last, 
though, as the Tritons upset highly 
regarded Claremont-Harvey 
Mudd, 8-1. The team, with the 
added incentive of Coach 
Yamaguchi ' s pep talk . came 
through with flying colors on 
Sunday morning. 

" This essentially clinched the 
opportunity for us to go to the 
NCAA Di v ision III Nation a l 
Cha mpionships in Del a w a re , 
Ohio," explained Ya ma guchi , 
obviously proud of his tea m 's 
accom plishment. 

Metsch, Hein , Rosenberg a nd 
Car l o n a ll p oste d i n g l es 

POWER SHOT - UCSD' •• U~.'O 8ingle. t_nie player, Jon 
Gerd.en, give. it all he'. got shot during iI ree.nt 
practice. Gerdsen will weather pe .... itting. 
in the pre.titiou. Ojai 
victories against their Cl",r.>m,,,.t la,d Pepperdine. 
opponents . In an especial his sights toward the 
exciting match, Jon Gerdsen Is, Yamaguchi also 
number two, defeated plans to send the same 
NCAA Division III cham up players. "I think we 
Shaka, 7-6, 7-6. All three dou ght to do well , depending on the 
duos also recorded triumDhs. divi dual strengths of our 

Yamaguchi tentatively -plans We are hoping for a 
send Metsch , Gerdsen, Hein finish - at least in the top 
Broudy to the Ojai 

thi~ weekend . The " dual match remains to be 
the largest and oldest aga inst Point Lorna. The 
tennis tournament in the wo will also pa rticipate in the 
UC SD will c omp et e in th NAIA Tournam ent 
I nd e p e nd e n t M e n ' s Co ll e d t h e Al A Di s t r i c t III· 
Division a g ai n t uc h pow mpionship , both to be held in 
houses as Arizona State, C I rv 

Royal Hippodrome, Ganga Bongers and the Del Mar Coasters top the 
Men's AAA , AA and A intramural softball divsions in the first week or 
published rankings, courtesy of the press relations office in the 1M 
Department. Four 1M sports are now in full swing and each week the 
Triton Times will attempt to keep students abreast as to how their teams 
are doing. -

Here are the ratings and pertinent trivial data for 1M softball after 
two weeks of competition: 

I 

Men's AAA - Royal Hippodrome tops the AAA poll , winning their 
first two games. Hippodrome was the runner-up for the AAA title in 1976. 
Second ranked Midas leads the AAA in runs per game with 17 , followed 
by Kirby's Bacon at 12, and three teams (Including Hippodrome) each 
averaging ll .5 runs per game. The AAA ratings: 

1) Hippodrome (2-0) 
2) Midas (2-0) 
3) Kirby 's Bacon (2-0) 
4) Lobotomies (2-0) 
5) Open Minds (l -I) 
Men's AA - Ganga Bongers won their first two games a nd hold the 

number one spot this week, but they face second seeded Running on 
Empty (captained by Deke E) this Saturday. Fourth seeded Strikeouts 
lead the AA in runs per game with 16, followed by ninth Rocky Mountain 
Oysters with 15 and three teams each averaging 13.5 runs . The AA poll: 

1) Ganga Bongers (2-0) 
2) Running on Empty (2-0) 
3) TDH & SLU & Co (2-0) 
4) Strikeouts (2-0) 
5) Leftovers (2-0) 
Men's A - The Del Mar Coasters, also undefeated in two starts, top 

the A poll. Although the ninth ranked Eagles have lost one of their two 
games , they lead the A division in runs per game with 19. Eighth seeded 
Whiff is second in runs per game with 14. The A poll: 

1) Del Mar Coasters (2-0) 
2) Flying Cra b Lice (1-0) 
3) Raw-Raw-Raw (1-0) 
4) Softballers (1-0-1) 
5) PB Bombers (2-0) 
Coed - Essies Lumber Compa ny tops the Coed AA poll and also lead 

in run production with an a mazing 22 per game. Second seeded 
Renobettes (2-0) have. scored 12.5 runs per game but seem to thrive on 
defense, allowing a pa ltry 2 run s per game. The Artful Dodgers (2-0) top 
the Coed A poll , followed by F ishy Smell (2-0) , who average 19 .5 runs per 
game, Open Minds (2-0) and F ire F lags (2-0) . 

.... 

latest .fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fined 
repairs 

Mu,s mon - f" 10 ~o - 8 00 
sat 10·6 Closed sundays 

sports arena blvd. 
(iIC'05S from me sports atena l 

224-2974 
T 'an Diego t 'nh ersity E .... nts Office 

present. CHEER UP! . the 

-a strine quartet and a jazz quartet making 
beautiful music logether. 

April 30, Sunday, 8:00 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Instar Productions, Inc. 

UCSD St. 52.00, G.A. 53.00 
UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

, 

INTRODUCING 

T"~ 
6DDL 

SUNDAY MAY 7 
SAN DIEGO ROB'I'I ABIXA 

All seats reserved. Intinate Amphitheatre Style 
$6.75, 5.75. 4.75. . 

Tickets available at Sports Arena Box Office, oil Bill Gamble's Slores 
and Aref10 Ticket Agencies. Information: (714) 224-4176 

FREE PARKING AND MILITARY DISCOUNT 
f'H()!JIJCf [) flY "'IOi f & RIS~MII LEH CONCE HTS 

come to the f]]J@&5[Q) 
<?AJ[la@~0 
.... ~ .... ~-~ ~ 0: : llP : ~.a~P.J . 

FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 12 - 3PM 
Between the Gym & Student Center 

LIVE ENTERTAINMENT! 
band 
;ugglers 
dancers 

FOOD! 
pizza 
sandwiches: natural & subs 
fruits - juices 
tamales ,~ ..... ~~~.-..~, 

, DRAWING t ~:f,:~~:enfs t held promptly of 1 :45 L 
----, 

: ROUND TRIP TO SAN FRANCISCO t 
L~~~~~~~~~~~~~' 

Student Orgonizations welcome to participate. 
Contact Renee 452-4038 

PRIZES DONATED BY: 

CARNEGIE A-440 
PIZZA HALL & 
SLEAZELLO'S 
*** RECREATIONAL ATHLETlCS*** 



..... 

Classlfleds 

.. ~~ 
t 91l1ad.. t 
: 327 F Street ( 
~ PAYS DONORS ! 
~ tor Service ~. t Mon. -Fri. 
. , 233-S481 i 
I 234.4601 I L~ .......... ~_ .. _. __ ........... ~~._~ 

. s. 
cat 

dead I 
A <DMEDY IN n.O ACTS 

.. .s. YOUIt CAT IS DEAD •• ....., 
hiIIrIDua ~ ~ .... KIrIrwoad. 
........ ""--~ ........... 
V" a., _ .. V_'I he."_ 
,..... .......... _ ... ' .. 
_......,lGeIt .......... .... 
_ _. ... VhD ,.,.",.... • 
................ 

11tUIIOAV-auIDAY 
AI'IIll27 -IIA Y 21 

FOR RElEIIVATlOU: ala 
MUlA 'AlllCPIIfftT '"UTIlI 
......................... 

.1: .... CURTAIl. 

SOPHOMORES JUNIORS 
FUGHt PLAN FOR YOUR FUTURE WITH AVROC 

(Aviation Reserve Officer Candidate) A Colleee Proaram of the Navy 
Will you start out as a professional in the field of YOlR' choice riItrt after collee'? Or 
like so many others these days, will you be forced to find just any old job until the 
one you've been educated for comes alon&? 
Suppose on the other hand you could step Immediately into a ,ood-payq ($12.5001 
to start and $20,500 in 4 years). excitilll job that you be&an ainilll for (with pay) 
dlWil1l 'summer vacation between your Junior and Senior years? 
This is the way of AVROC. a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity waitiRi for collete 
SOPHOMORES, and JUNIORS with somethin, on the ball. 
AVROC means excitement and chall'llle and a way to spend four to five years as a 
Naval AviatiWl Officer. Travelilll. flyin,. '2ainin, sell-confidence in a world of 
professionals. 
n's challe"2in& to qualify for the AVROC Pr02ram. It lakes above-aver3fe health 
(you don't need 20/20 vision). intelli&ence, stamina and drive to make illlecause 
flyin2 modem jet aircraft is a demandilll profession. physically, mentally and 
spiritually, you don't find any kids drivine NAVY planes. 

YOU MAY APPLY WITHOUT 08UGATlON! 
fOI more information contact Il1e IIiIvy Information Team for Officer Proll'amsat UCSO Career 
PlanninE and Placement Office. Aplil'~26. 10 am-2 pm. or call LT. lohn Chalker at 293-6444. 

-

personals 
Ct...,. - "-__ ..,. ....,:1 a...e ... 
--_. 
Ct..-tot y_ dow_! Do ~ou want IOIneOBe 10 talk 
IO! ".cu ..... u 10 1111 •• . C.II u. 4n·4411 
_ are Jalln J_. """ ca......,. _ III .... 
Tempe .... ! I"bId .... 1.t_ ........ lllulrQuaej 
11-1 pm deily. (tiM) 
P' ... """,,"": Doble _ . tr.wellnc ulHrnaa 
f_1JW4IS 141M) T_.,..· .. ..,.my_u ... llumybNlI.SIIIII!d 
A RabblI (41M' 
carloo 111 ..... 1.0 I. IUt. P.R. In your pocket or I ... 
juat happ)' to ... e me! Love Mae (4 /2') 
De.r ........... DO dllTtmICt y ... ·d .11 It eltller 
w.y. Lov. carloo 141111 

H ....... Oriat .. Co we '- IUt y ... can dri.k 
better t .... you elUl .... 11. W.·IIIIIII __ you In 
\lie ............ TIle KImel Korpi will De •• rdle (4/261 

The lonnal at \he del. \he fonna! al\he dol . time ill 
pt!lal cI_ (or \lie .~ II \he dol . (4/261 
iIoclu' Horror (or ___ TIle euclid.." IlIaI can 
IItiofy on your __ (rom e.ery .......... y 
...,.ru .. 

R.pe .... SUu.1 ........ " victims: len ... .., \he 
lource or tllil problem. Name. will be kept 
"""I_I. P_ eoelAct Lourl Richter ot \he 
Triton TI .... , . Phone 452 __ or 4111_ 1513) 
51 ...... CCMlpleo: Enricb your .rotk liI .. tyle .nd 
(eel 11( •• boulil. WorUhop «>-Ied by Dr. Kaulma.a 
and callly Guodo ..... M.Ed. Com(oJUble pri •• 1e 
home . s.tunlay. April ""'. II : 00-4:" . AUO. 
NOIICOtt'tI ... ~ 141111 
Join the JtudentJ who care about this campus. 
Support tile lII_rISiI •• ,Ia",. We' lI pick up \be 
pieces! Will 

What do carlos Montalyo. MarieDe' PelerlOfl. 
B...,nda Brumfield . a nd Chuck Flore. 811 have In 
commoo! They're all rvnnina on the MoserlSilva 
.Iate. Vote (or tIIem on May 1-11. Tbey· .. your best 
candida\et! 141211 

LS I know Itllate but Jts taken me Lhis 100ilO have 
tbe couraae to Mlk . How abouL the spring d3nct GS 
(41141 

Too shy to tell h,mlherl lt how you I"'I~ Send a 
nower,ram. ~ orde r: April 28 " May I In \be 
Pl ..... (4/Z11 
Rocky Horror for pn!lldent' The-candidate that has 
been in and out or ev~ry iuue 

ANTHRO MAJORS and othe",. H •• r (ormer IIII'1J 
peak ... TM . YOla. eckencar. 2 pm TODAY. 

ftevelJe Formal Lounle. 

laTM. reliaion? Hear Rabi Maharaj . lormerHiodu 
tuTU tell of hi' experieoce. today 2 pm Formal 
LowIlii • . 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
*LOW COST 
*CONFIDENTIAL 

-STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

-FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

VOTE 
MIKE RUSSO 

Commissioner of Appointments & Evaluations 

*Responsiveness in student government 
*Open meetings 
*Published minutes 

Student government should be responsive to the needs of 
the student. If I am elected I promise to hold the student 
welfare as my chief aim. If I am elected I will do everything in 
my power to make student government open and responsive. 

-

p_ VI. ~ ........ .". May D. T .... 
nlIIM. AdvMOe Ikkot • .•• t _ Me uatll Illy I. 
_ ~ .. nlnnlnc lor AS v~p .... idenl .nd 
.... your~ 

S<oll$(lic!et fill me (UI me (uIUIIi .... . Y'" <",. ture 
01 \he nIIb1. Rodty Horror 

for sale 
74 H_ CI.ic 51 •• m110a 4 ......... 0' IQOCI 
c:oediIooI ..... cau UI ·m7 or 7aJ.7ZZt (41111 

VW lIHUe .... 8ro ... new (octoO' VW encillt It25 
455-1_ (41211 
F ... Sale: HP 25 calculI""'. call w._. All< lor 
Lorry. WM) 

~ lied ror .... Ma __ bolt IPrinc't"" 
.. !lrm. " can ... rk or Aan 4U·MU (4/ 211 
.. Van. 4 new U ..... new IIOller .. JUII tWlOd . • . 
call _1141 (4 /261 
Spent .... pi ... OIl your ott ... ! If you don 'l u .. a 
Soauo ""rtriqo. you· .. _ .... rinc all UItI. Son ... 
81ue .. mint _tloa. Lilt 1125. '70 .. 1_ .... 
Tim 141261 

housing 
Rm for irad ml" '113. mo·ly. AP9MeC ollke. Ph 
112124 CIII 5213 Urey. A.all immediately. Name 
Junior. 141211 
LUlCury 3SR . 2''t8A. lownhouse near UC 0 , 452· 
1077 (5111 
1-2 F roommates wanted Cown room) in apt. I mHe 
lrom UCSD. pool. sauna. avail. May6 . C.mUss. 
1675 Will 

Del Mar beach h ..... lor .. nl ,tartina late June. 4 
bedroonu, year lease. ull (213) 491·1564 after1 pm 
(T8A1 
Two UCSD under,rads lootiD, to lublet two 
beI.room apt. lor lummer. Call Jelf at 0&53-1264 
everu"". (4/ 26) 

BAJA. BEACII CABIN in pvl compound nr S.n 
FeUpe on BaJa 'jGuLCCoast 2hr,(rom border. Great 
beach. lIshinc •• Iew. Slee" .. I • . l'um. m l day (tIS) 
553·3300 a.k ror iIIajor (41Z11 
Fern roommate wanted to live in Ipacious2 bd . nn. 
hou .. in Del M.r2 bl .... to beach AvaIlSIl4l1 ·M32 
141211 
SUmmer Trade or Rental in La Jolla / Del Mar area . 
Can lrede quiet 3 btdroom flat near Berkeley UC 
ca mpu, J Greenbaum 342 Slxty·Th lrd St .. 
Oakland. CA 94611 (4 1S1 655 · 5024 . (5 / 101 

services 
PROFESSIONAL TIIESIS I MANUSCRIPT 
TYPING: Experienced: tbor .... hly ramillar with 
.11 (onn" Ityle requl .. m •• tI . RUJhjobo accepted. 
IBM Correctinc Selectric II Iypewriter. DO)' 511&-
3311: eve. 516-:1947. (1/91 

LEARN SPANISH 
II y ..... aUy want 10 learn Spani.h qulcltly. nuenlly 
and correctly. and it you have. the coura,e and 
stamina tor intenllve and disciplined atudy. come 
ror al least one monLb to Cuemavaca Lanaualt 
SctIoo1. Flnlmontll_. Followi", (our ... ..,k.A ... 
Pri.a", tutor a •• ilable.1 _lor 5Obouro. Details: 
APDO . 4.0 Cuernav aca . Me xico . (W"71 
NEED A TYPIST! R .. _ .... ro"'s. expenenced . 
Call after 12 ' 10-K J It- :t' :.:" 'Uti . ,6/t) 

Typln •• xperienced. reliable. ..... .... bIe. IBM 
Correctin, Selectric. Call anytime 455.0127. III",. 
Old • . 16111 

TVPING~ IBM ~lectrictenn PBI .... rs. lhelel. PhD. 
di_nauolII. editillP. RUSH JOB~ · 453_.,. 
1171. ZlH936. 4.~2· 15U 18m 

Pro( ....... 1 TypiOI. [8M Seleclric. Experienced 
Thnft. monuocr/pta. reportl. Solana Beach. Gall 
4I1·'/54G (MII5) 

GuUar Leuona: Folk.. modem, ria ieal on campus 
loe.U ... . call 456-M24 "'SI 

travel 
BOOK 0 CAMPI'S ( upo. lIawaii and New 
~ork Charter FIi.hll. CI EE Studenl Trave l. 

tudent Center ~. Open w .. k~y'l2-4 . Call .~. 
0630 (61" 

wanted 
W.oIed: Depoa4obleudrell __ .. U ... .. 
help (or (.mily Ii.i .. In Enclllilu. tMIo Ie ... .... 
bouaobepinc and ... po ... iaionollwo .. rdllJd ... . 
Priv'le 1Ul1e. meol • • flexible hou ... ........ . 
Ihree ........ paid vocatioft a_lIy ..... MIery. 
Send ........... nd phola 10 T 0'-. lei w _ 
Sprinll Drive . Encinltll . CA 11.14. 141111 

WANTED- John Jenkel. Ann C.,wrr)· .. MarlJO\ 
Temprreau. VOle Mo)' 2' 1 II makes ~ dure~ 
15/11 

Molle II .., 10 per hour coIlecU .. "-\U ..... 111_ 
be rq voter 10 elly. C.U 111·_ or "I-nil 

lost & found 
May lhe po...., who I ...... my blaclt shi""", .. OIl 
Muir F'teld I weeki_CO. bura·in hell or retullIlfwm 
at TT 

LoIt . blue" lold .:..,pI ...... lrom Ar,O. If round 
call f55.t5a or brinc 10 AI'JO MI 

Found : CalcutM tor. To Claim', ca ll 454 -172'. 

Found TI Calculator in TUf In 4117171. call 45S. 
taS lO claim. (4126. 
Loll blue lerry jocket at Central. s-imeallli 
value. Reward Dorortlly 4IJ~1. 

LOST: "' .. • ... 1 t<uit boUoms. fUJ\·,. blue ... ·lth ... ·hit~ 
~ Inpf.'i . Ir round .. I .. ·ust.' r eturn to nt oru ... ·t' 

AS salaries .•. 
(Continued from page I) 
the amount of work it could 

r~uire from its members, but 
disagreed with the notion that 
students are necessarily 
against the idea. 

"I have no way of knowing if 
students are against the idea or 
not," he said. 

Small stipend 
Student Organizations 

Advisor Scot Spicer, on the 
other hand, thinks AS members 
should either be paid a small 
stipend. to cover incidental 
expenses, or no salary at all. 

Any more pay than a small 
stipend of perhaps $50 per 
month would make the AS Into 

~ job. Spicer said. " I don' t think 
it should be a job. Rather it 
should be a responsibility and a 
trust, an honor and an oppor-
tunity to represent students to 
the administration. " 

Eisen said he thinks students 
are against pay for AS officers 
for two basic reasons. The first 
reason is that they agree with 
the current idea that govern-
ment in general is not a 
worthwhile enterprise. 

The second reason, he said, is 
that students might not see any 
connection between salaries for 
AS mem bers and better 
government. 

Eisen and Eckery, though, 
drew a definite connection 
between pay and the quality of 
AS work. Besides the Idea that 
pay means leverage over the 
IOdividual officers, both Eisen 

(Please turn to page 8) 

Residential Apartment Rates 
FAMILY & GRADUATES 

Effective July 1, 197$ 
'FAMILY & GRADUATES 

Coast-Studio .......... ' ....... _ ...... $125.00 
1-Bdrm .............................. 155.00 
2-Bdrm. . ............ .......... ...... 168.00 
Mesa-2-8drm ......................... 183.00 
Campus-1-Bdrm ...................... 188.00 
2-Bdrm ................... .. ......... 238.00 
3-8drm .............................. 280.00 

AROVND THE WORLD 
IN MANY WA YSI 

Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 5000 
charters listed, escorted tours, air/sea 
cruises, mini vacations. 
Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gift. 

. .. Client Protection 
Vnited California TralJe.ine, Inc. '. 

...... .." AprIl .. 11" triton times 

Mort Sahl, Pablo Cruise coming to SD 
Reknowned satirist/comedian Mort Sahl will 

be appearing next week , Monday through 
Sunday, at the Comedy Store in La Jolla. Sahl is 
readily acknowledged as a trendsetter in both 
his style ~nd delivery by major media and fellow 
comedians, while the content of his shows is 
topical and relevant. 

Head East and Angel will rock San Diego on 
Saturday, May 7 at the Sports Arena. 

Pablo Cruise will be performing in concert at 
the UCSD Gym on Saturday, May 6. Exploding 
to prominence with their Bay Area brand of rock 
and roll, Pablo Cruise hit the charts with the A 
Place In The Sun LP, featuring the single 
"Watcha Gonna Do." Tickets are available at 
the UCSD Box Office. 

John Denver, the " far-out" kid. himself, will 
perform one show at the Sports Arena on 
Sunday, May 14. The show is part of Denver's 
first tour in over a year, and will encompass 44 
cities throughout the US. 

The Patti Smith Group is scheduled for a 

concert at the California Theater in downtown 
San Diego on Monday, May 15 at 8 pm. The tour 
coincides with the release of her new LPEaster. 

For all jazz fans, Stanley Clarke, one ofthe top 
bassists the world has ever seen. will peform at 
the California Theater on Thursday May 25 at 8 
pm. Also on the bill is guitar virtuoso John 
McLaughlin and his One Truth Band. 

The Eagles and the staff of Rolling Stone 
magazine will do battle in a gala charity softball 
match at USC's Dedeaux Baseball Field on 
Sunday, May 7. 

The loser of the game will donate $5,000 to 
UNICEF's World Nutrition Program for 1978. 

• Limited free admission tickets for the public 
will be available through local radio stations. 

The Eagles and their team have signed on 
Jimmy Buffett, while the Rolling Stone team 
will include Dr. Hunter S. Thompson. Chet 
Flippo, Cameron Crowe, Jack Ford and others. 

-Tim Mackenzie 

Ed Harkins: A new notion of music 
The young. multi-talented 

Edwin Harkins of the UCSD 
music department will give a 
recital of avant-garde composi-
tions on May 4 at 8 pm in UCSD 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

The program will involve 
music of the last S years . 
written either for or by 
Harkins. Several are World 
Premiers and guaranteed to 
alter our pre-conceived notions 
of what constitutes .. music." 
According to a review from a 
similar recital in Amsterdam . 
" The joyful gentleman laid 
claim to the honorary title of 
America 's Hope in the Times of 
Anxiety." 

Harkins will be assisted by 
Philip Larson and Bonnie 
Harkms. Larson, a colleague at 
UCSD, is a vocalist as well as an 
electronic music specialist. He 
is also active in the field of 
musical theater . Bonnie 
Harkins. Ed's wife, is a pianist 
and a fine all-round musician in 
her own right. One of the pieces 
she will perform is a unique 
work by Ed Harkins requiring 
that the pianist have a working 
knowledge of the trumpet. 
" Kyrl" . the solo trumpet piece 
written for Harkins by Robeit 

, :·NEED·····$··········~~ 
SUMMER · · · 

· 
· $ INCOME?~ 

Call 222-2181 

Erickson will be given as will 
David Jones' eerie vocal solo, 
" Pastorale ... 

Harkins - composer. trum-
peter, vocalist - has been a 

. member of three Rockefeller 

SPECIAL GUEST 

funded new music organiza-
tions, most recently the Center 
for Music Experiment at 
UCSD. 

The concert · is free . For 
information call 452-3229. 

ROGER VOUDOURIS 
USCD GYM C;ENE~AL ADMISSION 6.50. 

8:00 P.M. 550 lKSI) ",,,1,",, 1/",1, I /) 
TlCKEn AVAILABLE AT THE 1I 51) /lOX OFFICE HIES · F~I 
1001116/>111 A.'~) TICKET INFO~i\IATION 452· 

p--------------------------~ : EARN $3.50/hour 
: Full or part-time work to distribute the 1978 
: Zip Code Directories in your own area. 
I *flexible hours around school schedule 
: *Work at your own pace 
: ·Summer openil1ls available now 

~-------~}n~Zlt'11Q--------. 

ED. SECRET ' 
REIEILED 

P .... 7 

Ever wonder why some people breeze through their 
courses while you struggle along with mediocre results? 
I'll tell you wh~ . They know how to study and you don't! 

Higher grades for most are an elusive dream. Now, how-
ever with the publication of my book, THE EASY WAY 
TO HIGHER GRAD~S, you too can achieve those higher 
grades. This no-nonsense, down to earth book is packed 
with astuunding new study techniques guaranteed to show 
you how to obtain the highest possible grades with 
the least amount of effort. 

Written at the urging of former students, this book 
will show you ... 
how to know in advance at least 80% of the questions 

on any exam 
how to eliminate the frustration of long hours of 

wasted study 
how to conquer the subject that always gives you trouble 
how to avoid the one grade rut 
how to cure exam nerves. 

Thousands of students have used these nove! study tech-
niques to raise their grades at least one letter within one 
semester. You can too! 

Let's face it - academic success is determined by grades_ 
And grades are determined not so much by how smart Y-
are or how much you study ... but by how smart you 
study . If you're serious about your career you owe it to 
yourself to try this book which I am offering on a money 
back guarantee. 

In today's tough job market you need every advantage. 
And a record of high grades is the best advantage you 
can have. 

Give your earning power a boost. Write for this book 
today . It could change your life. 
_____ MAILTlfISCOUPONTO ____ _ 

I ROBERT ()t.4AN PUBLICATIONS. 204 Fair Oaks Pari!. I Need'lI'rn. MA 02192 
I Please send me . copies of THE EASY WAY TO HIGHER GRADES I 
I at $1.75 each . plus 35¢ postage and handling. If I am not completely I sat isl ied I may ratum the book within 10 days lor a lu ll relund. 

I~ I 
I Address I 
I City State Zip I 
I Add 15 t for first class. I 
----------------

.................•.....•..••.•..•............................... , 
: Expires May 3. 1978 • 
. 

~ TRANSMISSION SPECIAL 
~ IaHd re ON MOSTCARS $1450 : 
: . - WITH THIS COUPON reg . $24." • 
• • Band Adjustment (WIll<. opphcob!o) : 
: • Change Transmission Fluid • Clean Filter • Adjust Linkage 
: • New Pan Gasket • Road Test • Check Modulator 

: Mission Transmission "Brakes : 
: ALL OUR WORK IS FULLY GUARANTEED 25 YEARS EXPERIENCE : 

: 6131 Mission Gorge Rd. 283-6118 : : .......•...........................•...........•.•.•........•• ~ 

UC8D ha8i a Deqjal Gdtup 
atti1.e 
8t~deq.t Bealtlt. ~qieI 

wltlt, 

8tudell.t It#ate~ 

· EXAMI~TI S 
• DE1'{fAI- Vl ~ 
• HYGIEl'ij: TS 

ate availabl Jot 
cl a1lJ.ng t tIt 

.MQ DAY THRU FRIDAY 
8:00 A.M. TO 4:00 P.M. 

Phone "'52·2080 
How long has it been since you've em a Def.'· t. 



..... 

WARREI COu.EGE STUDENT 
GOVERN CANDIDATE ELECnON 

our favorite candidate. 
and the positions are: 

c...1UfI ...... IDInI (3 positions) 
Mary "Anne" Glenday 
Eucuti¥t IoInI (2 positIcIa) 
No Candidates at this time 
"... IoInI 18 posttIons) 
Laura Petersen 
Frank Coiro 
Warren CoIIep AS RIp (3 positions) 
Nea Bisek 
Gordon Carlson 
Ross Meador 
Ross J. Schwartz 

CoInmutIr IoInI 
Laurie Ayers 
Gordon P. Carlson 
Cathy Morris 
Mark Schulze 
Ross J. Schwartz 
Dickran A. Semerdjian 
Frank Coiro 
Mlic:ial IoInI (4 positions) 
Jovanka Chenich 
Jay Monahan 

The IItction dIIt is May 2 and May 3. candidltes' Statement of Purpose avail-
able It Warren provost offiCI and at the votina tables. 

Come to the conca1lt 11 am in front of the Warren Cafeteria on Friday, April 28 
to meet the candidates. 

Also, pick up application forms for Campus-Wide Committees at 302 Me. All 
Warren CoIIep students elilibll. 

Featuring Clairemont' ON L Y organicall grown produce! 
JB's bag-buy back policy: Bring in your own bag and we' lI ghe ) ou a 

discount on your groceries. 

1-------,--------~-----· t Fruit 1 Thompson' 1 Schiff 1 
Smoothies I NUPLEX 1 Tru-Dent: 

50¢ 1 Na tura l One-a -Day I Toothpaste. 
reg. 75' 11 Mineral I 75¢. 

Choice of o range $4 50/ I 
I h ' . • 100 tablets . 4'11 oz tube app e or peac reI!. $5.9 r~ . 89c 

- n: - - - - - ... - - - - - - - - -.. - - - I!- ... 
1UWTt't'f.l1l.. pen . - -. All Offers good Now Over 

Every weekmght til 8 with this coupon 110 
Friday til 9 thru May 3. 1978 BIB' Sat., Sun 10-6 uk m 

Loated dose to UCSD in Diane Shopping Center 

Univ8rsity Ewnts and 

WEEKEND 
SERIES 

April 28 - Fri 

ZAADOZ 
Death Race 2000 

7pm 

triton times 

Salary ... 
(ConUnued from pal(e ') 
and Eckery said payment 
would allow students to seek AS 
office who could not otherwise 
afford to do, and that, in order 
to do a good job on the council, 
AS officers do enough work to 
deserve financial renumera-
tion. 

"Lots of students can't afford 
to work on the AS for (ree. They 
would need another job to meet 
their expenses, and when a 
person is doing a good job on the 

AS forum 
will meet 
Thurs. night 

AS presidential and vice-
presidential candidates will 
gather at the North Conference 
Room in the Student Center 
tomorrow night at 7: 30 to 
discuss their candidacies in arr 
election (orum. 

At the forum, which is being 
o-sponsored by CalPIRG and 

radio station KSDT, students 
will have an opportunity to talk 
with the candidates about the 
issues. 

In addition, representatives 
from the campus chapter of 
CalPIRG (California Public 
Interest Research Group) will 
be on hand to talk about their 

I 
referendum ballot measure 
that would allow students to 
pay a voluntary two-dollar 
CalPIRG fee. 

The -forum will be broadcast 
live on KSDT, which can be 
found on 540 AM in the dorms 
and 99.5 cable FM off-campus. 

Happy 8'doy 

CINDY 

$1.25 April 29 - Sat. 

BARBARELLA 
CLOCKWORK ORANGE 

Both Nights 
7pm 
$1.25 

ROCK¥ HORROR PICTURE SHOW 
11:30 pm 

$'1.00 
*COSTUME 
CONTEST* 

All shows in Mandeville Auditorium 
Central Box Office, 452-4559 

Unlversl Events Office 

AS he doesn't have time to take 
another job, " Eckery said. 

"Now, tbou,h, the only 
people who can alford to be on 
the AS are those who get enough 
support from either their 
parents or the state," he said. 

Eisen said the lack of pay has 
hindered this year's council 
operations. •• A lot of people 
haven't worked much at all, but 
that's been rational for them to 
do so. In the beginning they 
wanted to work but as time 

. went by it took more and more 
hours to do a good lob and they just didn 't think they had the 
time." 

Eisen said he believes in any 
case next year's AS Cou ncil will 
pass a payment plan, because, 
"They'll realize they need it for 
good government. 

Spicer said that while the 
paid AS officers at _ C Berkeley 

Parking garage ..• 
(Continued from page 1) 

work regular hours at their jobs, "I have to question 
whether people here are 
really putting in more than a 
few hours a week, and are 
reatly meeting with students:" 
Montgomery ... 
(Continued from pale 3, 
viable asset to the university. 

I would attempt to develop a full 
service newspaper, perhaps consolidat· 
ing the facilities and functions of several 
of the existing campus publications. 

I would explore the possibilities of 
expanding the communications facilities 
at UCSD by encompassing the 
production of movies made b~ 
students, on campus, about students 
and campus activities. 

I believe my experience In 
communications and new outlook 
towards communications at UCSD can 
~nergize and develop the communica 
tions system into a vastly superior 
system than what presently exists. 

attack the lack of parking spaces head on. Sure we need some 
immediate space, but do we need to build a five story garage in 
a canyon? . 

What would be the possibility of buying or renting flat space 
somewhere near the hospital a nd then providing a shuttle 
service? What would be the posdbility of building a much 
smaller structure in which only carpools and vanpools which 
'carried three or more persons were allowed to park? I:or every 
vanpool organized by the university. 15 people leave their cars 
at home. Ten vanpools reduces.the need for 150 parking spaces! 

The construction of immediate new parking space should be 
approved only after we have made the commitment to solve the 
long range problem. Through vanpools, carpools, mass transit, 
shuttles and other transportation alternatives, we have got to 
move people in such a way that reduces the use of cars. 

Business Manager Laura Michetti estimates that the CSD 
students, faculty and staff have the financial capability to rai f> 
the funds for investment in only one parking structure. If we 
rise to meet this parking demand with an architectural 
solution, we will have no recourse in the future . 

Many faculty , students and staff believe the environment and 
economic costs for parking are already too high . The 
Chancellor says, " UCSD is vigorously pursuing carpools and 
vanpools." I believe the parking situation on the main campus, 
at Scripps in Point Lorna. and at the hospital necessitates an 
even greater commitment. . 
The university must use its' resources to bccome the leader 10 
moving people without their cars . After all leader~hip ~n the 
community is just as much the purpose of the unIversity as 
research and service. 

• 

Extra Income 'Potential 
Forever Young 

Skin Care Products G'l with the Pro-Moist Concept 
Forever Slim Hi· Fiber Protein Factor 47 Food Supplements 

The PRO· MOIST CONCEPT is based on the premise that the best way to 
care for and protect the skin from external factors is to use substances that are 
found in healthy human skin. This is the basis on which the Forever Yo.as 
Silin Care Product. have been formulated . 

An' Intelligent Skin·Care System for Men and Women ... ./ 
DISTRIBUTORSHIPS AVAILABLE 

Contact Robin Pejsa: 459-0661 

LOW COST 
Auto 

Insurance 
for College Students 
and Youthful Drivers 

California Law now Requires all drivers to be in-
sured . Shop around - Then drop by or call us for a 
free quotation . 

118 
Offered exclusively in San Diego by 
Monte R. Kelley Insurance Agency . 
5187 College Avenue 583-9393 


