
Ne.e.cLa map1 
Its business is information 

by Ran Anbar 
Managing Editor 

Whenever UCLA en{is up in the Rose Bowl, a 
particular UCSD office is plagued by requests 
for tickets. This office is also the target of such 
questions as, " How do I convert to the metric 
system?" and " Where can I get my screen door 
fixed?" 

The problem arises from the fact that this 
office is listed in the phone book under UCSD -
Infonnation, Public. 

The Public Information Office (PIO) is 
headed by Paul West who explains that "You do 
get a lot of goofy phone calls simply because of 
the phone listing." 

Origin 
It all started when the Scripps Institute of 

Oceanography needed a science writer and 
representative, t::xplained West. Then, when 
UCSD was made into a general campus a Public 
Affairs Office was opened to handle the public 's 
questions, questions which rarely come up 

J today. " What is the 12 college system?" 
I " Do we really need to provide room for 27,000 students? " 

Now it's the PIO. "We' re supposed to be the 
office where people who are lost can get a map. 
Telephone calls are transferred to us when 
someone has a difficult question. 

"We deal with the press in recognition of the 
campus and building up support for the campus 
- trying to get the things that we do here in the 
eyes of the public," explained West. 

Gaining recognition 
"It's to the students' benefit if they graduate 

from a nationally recognized university," said 
West. To further this goal, PIO has esta blished a 
national press service, explained West. " At 
(UC) Berkeley everything they do is national 
news," he said. But UCSD, even though the 
university received the third largest amount of 
federal grants and contracts in the nation last 
year, still ha a generally unknown profile 
because of its relatively recent arrival , said 
West. 

" Our goal is to establish the campus as unique 
in the eyes of the people. I have personal contact 
with editors for this purpose," said West, adding 
that this year's Resources newsletter has helped 
in publicizing UCSD. 

Resources tells of unique personalities at 
UCSD: I " Most of the time we spent with the public 

l. taking people on tours," recalled West. " We also 
~ had to orchestrate things about graduation. Of 

UCSD ptItIk W ......... tlirector Paul We.t keep. t .... on course that was 1966, when we : ad our first 
stu"t ....... t •• t the rece.t AS-.poallOred beer be.h. Revelle graduation," he said. 

Judy Sweet, the only woman Athletic Director 
over a combined program in the nation: 

Margaret Burbridge, astronomer: 

Advocate 
Nader here 
tomorrow 

Consumer advocate Ralph 
Nader is scheduled to speak on 
" Consumer Protection and 
Corpo rate Responsibility " 
t omorow at noon in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

Nader, whose consumer-or-
iented activities have inspired 
nation-wide organizations of 
P ublic Interest Research 
Groups and the establishment 
of Nader 's Raiders , a group of 

___ •• ,UN .. $:00 PM 
(Please turn to page 5) 

Brown gives funds 
to UC Library Plan 

by Joaquin Behindu 
taU Writer 

Governor Brown began implementation of the controversial U 
Library Plan in January, with a $4 .1 million increase for librarie . 
This figure, based on provisions of the UC Library Plan , gives $2 .7 
million to increase the rate of purcha ing books, with the balance, 
$1.1 million going to automating the Card Catalog. . 

Professor Andrew Wright, representative to the UC Library 
Committee when the plan was introduced , was the only campus 
leader to object to the proposal. 

The UC Library Plan was an outgrowth of the need for revised 
growth guidelines. In the early and mid-sixties the student 
population grew rapidly and extrapolations based on these growth 
rates predicted a population of 25,000 students at UCSD by the 
early 70s. Similarly, Riverside and Irvine were to have the same 
number of students. 

The projections , however, were inaccurate , as student 
population stabilized due to various ocial factors and to a 
decrease in potential students. Despite the stabilization of the 
student population , the, libraries, said DC officials, were still 
functioning as if more students and faculty were to come. More 
books were being acquired and housed than could be ju tHi d b 
the number of students and faculty enrolled. 

Since the libraries can house only a limited volume of books and 
no new facilities were being constructed , plans were outlined to 
build warehouses in which to store tho e books tha t would not be 
used frequently . Provisions were intended to a llow accessibi li ty to 
the books upon request. 

lawyers dedicated to consumer Three goal 
law, will be sponsored by the As a result of this plan, the niversity of Ca lifornia Libra rie . A 
Mandeville Lectures '78 Series . Plan for Development (The UC Library Plan) , was created wi th 

Admission to Nader's talk is three primary goals in mind . The first wa the creation of two 
free for UCSD students, faculty warehouses to store " unneeded" books . The second goal entailed 
a nd staff, but tickets are the automation of the card catalogs in each library . A Union 
required and are available at Catalog, listing all the books in the UC system was the third 
the campus box office in the provision. 

tu dent Center. General The three goals and the plans for the warehou es are still the 
admission tickets cost $3.00. source of each controversy . The first books to go to the warehouses 

Then, at 2: 00 pm, Nader will are unprocessed collections, archives (such as the San Diego 
speak infonnally in the Main I Railroad Collection), selected duplicate periodical backgrounds, 
Gymnasium on "You Are the :I and superceded science books. Later, other books will be sent to 
Solution: Student Involvement ~ the storage facilities based on need . With a facility in No~ern 
in the Seventies." This talk will • ~ California and one in Southern California the plans theoretIcally 
be sponsored by the local ..... NIMIer •• h0w8 .ere .t .. leat UCSD .ppearuc:e. will allow any stored book to be retrieved within 24 hours to one week. 

CaIPIRGorgan,~i1~a~ti~·0~n~. _______ .~,, __ " __ a_t_tlle ___ M __ ~ _____ me ___ A_._tli_·t_o_n_·a_ ... __ t_o_mo __ ~ _____ ._t_aoo ___ ._. ____________ · ______________________________________ ~ 

by David Laitin 
As part of an ongoing effort 

by the Triton Times to present 
knowledgeable representa-
lion of current issues, the 

Ethiopia, another state 
claiming to be radically 
socialist. Although President 
Carter has set severe limits to 
U.S. aid to Somalia, the first 
shipment of food and medical 
upplies, havin~ alreadv 

defeated the Italian Imperial-
ist Army in 1896, the other 
imperial powers in Africa 
quickly recognized that they 
must accommodate them -

War in 
. IIIIWS department invites all 
UCSD faculty members to 
submit analyses of recent 

H O· rneve':lts in their fields of specialty. Professor David Laitin of 
tI,e Political Science Depart-

News analysis 

Although the ·causes of the 
conflict have little to do with 
the motives for superpower 
actions, it is best to under-
stand the local roots of the 
conflict. For in understanding 
the African realities it may be 
pos ible to find mechanism 
for resolving the ituation in 
uch a way that neither 

superpower would be able to 
xploit the conflict for it own 

strategic purpo es. 

elves to Ethiopia . The British 
did 0 in a treaty in 1897 which 
recognized Ethiopian ove r-
eignty over the Og a d e n 
d ert ; the t rritory they 
were " protec ting " for th e 
Soma li . of Africa: 

the Cold 
War lives 

ment, in the first ubmi sion 
of the series, addresses the 
Ethopian-Somalian War in the 
Horn of Africa. 

A ritual reenactment of 
Cold War politics, where th 
U.S. and the Soviet Union, 
each supporting rival factions 
in some conflict in the world' 
periphery, is in dress reher al 
on the Horn of Africa. 

The U.S. i creeping toward 
a position of support for th 
omali Democratic Republic, 

an avowed Marxist-Leninist 
stat , in its war again t 

arrived , pr 
coop ration . 

Confrontation 
Sin e the Soviet Union and 

Cuba are now giving upporl 
to Ethiopia, in the form of 
arms , technical advi er , 
troops and even pilot , the 
stage is being et for a major 
superpower onfrontation . 

Ritual reenactm nts oft n 
induc frenzy ; there i 
as urance that in thi ca a 
major war can be avoid d . 
Although ritual , it must be 
treated seriou Iv. 

The Ogaden region of 
Ethiopia , over which the 
omali <:Ind Ethiopian are 

now fighting , h long be n a 
pawn in international bar-
gaining. The Briti h igned 
variou treatie of protection 
with the omali on the Red 
ea oa t in the late 19th 

century . Th e treatie 
r ognized th d ert int rior 
a land properly belonging to 
lh omalia ; but which would 
be prote t d b the Briti h . 

But wh n th Ethiopi,iD 

Aft r the ond world wa r , 
the provi ion of th e 1897 
tr aty fir t became known to 
th omali . The Briti h wer , 
by virtu of their victory over 
th Italian (who had succe -
full y olonized Ethiopia in the 
193(s) , In control of Ethiopia 
and omalia, and had om 
vok in the di po Ition of 
the i> a rea . Even though th 

a t majority of th people in 
thO - ... J n ,q~1 v n ... r 

omaH , Britam ceded that 
ar a to a ren wed Ethiopia, in 

(PI Uln W pil e 4) 



• 

llnlliatl.t!d editorials (thole appearing in bold-faced type on the left side of 
page) represent a ~rity opinion of the Triton Tmes 

EditoriBi Board. which ill compoI8d of Editor Alan RUMeU. Senior editor 
Marl; Stadler. Managing editor Ran Anbar. News editor Laura Richter. 
Auc>ciate News editors Andy Schneider and Reed Alpert and Assistant 
Mana!jng editor Cindy Heffron_ All Ii!Jwd materiel and artwork 
represents the author'. or artist', opinion. and does not necessarily 
r.ftect the views the Triton TIITWS_ 

Intern program 

triton times W .... dl" februlry '. 1978 

DAMN IT~ IJEILL "'C:V£R 
FINt) THAT K05SlAN SATlI..'T€.' 

Wben asked why &lie admiDiltralive lntel'll_p~.Iram has not yet 
been star1ed tills year. bod! &eIiDK Vice-chancellor of Student 
Alfain Howard Hant and lUs chief deputy Rick Whitebill have 
referred to die closeneu of votes taken on funding for tbe 
procram. Hunt and WlUtebill seem to feel that because the 
AdvilOry Committee on Student Fee Programs took several voles Spa ce a' reb el e t 
before finally recommending funding for tbe program by a 6-5-1 W S a POSSI 1 I Y 
vote, their lack of action on implementing the program is justified. • 

At the beginning of this year "there didn't seem to be a major by John Markoff . consideri~g devel~pinJl parhcle-beam weapons 
thrust to have it (the Intern proll'am) implemen&ed," Hunt said. Pacific News Service mounted ID satellites. These beams would be 

The problem Is that the closeness of votes taken last year on the When Energy Secretary James Schlesinger used to knock out opposing satellites_ They could 
program has notbing to do witb wbether the program should be told a congressional committee last week that also be used as space-mounted anti-ballistic 
implemented this year. Tbe advisory committee endorsed the there was little the U.S. could do about nuclear- missile systems to jam the electronic guidance 

. program and the Student Affairs budget included funding for it. It powered Soviet spy satellites like Cosmos 954. be equipment in ICBM missiles, or even to melt the 
should have been implemented last fall. contended. "We have no way . L think, of plutonium in a nuclear warhead . 

The only reason it wasn't imple~ented was the unwillingnesss effectively monitoring what may be aboard The Defense Department is also developing 
01 Student Affairs officials to do so. these vehicles." the capability to capture satellites in space. The 

Another lactorclted by HuntandWhitehill was that, as Whitehill But the U _S. has for some time been space shuttle, scheduled to become operational 
put it. "I haven't seen any benefit for the student body at large" desperately trying to learn how - as part of an in 1980, will ~ave ."retrieval" capability. The 
from the program. arcane intelligence war being fought in space by space shuttle. IS deSigned to ferry astronauts and 

First of all. we would like to see the research Whitebill has done S(lviet and American spy agencies. space experiments back and forth between 
__________________ space and earth. 

tbat shows the intern program hasn't benefited students. Then J h M k If' I' 1 . A spokesman for the AI' r Force Space a nd 
'd l'k to - tto be f ' t l-k th od ed bon ar 0 IS a ml Itary at airs specialist for ~et I e podlDth s0':'le n~ It St'hl e e prolgrl;lmsthPr uc . y the foundation-funded Third Century America Missile System Organization in El Segundo. CA . 

m erns, an e vlewpOln ey supp y In e varIOus . said in an interview that the shuttle would 
administrative offices. project. 

experiment with the retrieval of an orbiting 
We do agree tbat the intern program in the past has not been as "Secret-sentry" satellites like Cosmos 954 _ American satellite during its first six flights .. • It 

valuable to the student body as its supporters would like to think. h ' h I '1' - II ' I d f would be nl'ce I'f you had the capabl' II'ty to run 
B r 1 h bl I· . h h I k f I d h' h w IC supp y ml Itary IDte Igence g eane rom ut we ee t e pro em les more Wit t e ac 0 ea ers IP t e h ' h d d ' f d around and pluck up all these dead thl'ngs that 
. h h d h ' fl ' h . If Ig -powere cameras, ra ar. In rare sensors 
Intern program as a t an With any au tID t e program Use . and radio " ferrets " _ have become potential might be a safety hazard or radiation hazard ." 
The interns have a knowledge 01 administrative workings that targets of anti-satellite development projects he stated. 
could be of great benefit to both student government and students ca rried out by both American and Soviet American and Russian spy satellites now 
at large. scientists. gather photo intelligence with extremely 

The program bas, however. been hampered by lackluster Both the U.S. and the USSR are spending powerful cameras capable pf resolving from 
leadership in the past. Last year's coordinator, assistant student millions of dollars each year to develop the outer space features as small as the headlines of 
affairs vice-chancellor Tom Brown, has shown an amazing lack of capability to monitor. capture and even destroy newspapers . American Big Bird photo 
entbusiasm for tbe program this year. In fact , he has not publicly enemy satellites such as the ill-fated Cosmos 954 reconnaissa nce sa te Ilites now process 
indicated any support for the program at all. which tumbled out of orbit and spread nuclear photographs on board and then transP'lit data to 

Rather, he has refused to talk with our reporters or even allow us debris over Canada's Northwest Territories on ea rth. wh ich are t hen reconstituted by 
take his picture. In addition, he has told Andy Schneider, an ardent January 24. computer. 
backer of the intern program. to give him a written apology or stay Space defense spending, according to the U.S . Other American satellites now provide early 
out of his (Brown's) office. Defense Department, will jump from million in warning of Soviet missile launches, police the 

We leel Brown 's behavior on this issue has been atrOCIOUS, fiscal 1978 to $265 million in fiscal 1979, U .S .-Soviet nuclear test-ban treaty by 
especially for a person who works in an office, Student Affairs , Last March President Carter became the monitoring for ultra-violet and X-ray radiation 
which is funded by student Registration Fee money_ Brown should first American leader to publicly discuss the and conduct electronic intelligence-gathering 
work with students, not against them . possibility of a space war. Carter told a White by pinpointing the location of Soviet air and 

We agree with Schneider when he says it is Brown who owes the House press conference he had suggested to the missile defense radar systems. 
students an apology. Soviet Union that " we forego the opportunity to The latter type of satellite, known as a 

A marvelous idea 
UCSD researchers have become involved with a truly 

marvelous idea. They are charged with the design and 
construction of a faint object spectograph for NASA's Space 
Telescope project_ We are glad UCSD is a part of a project that will 
allow scientists to study the universe in a depth and detail never 
before possible. In addition. because of the time it takes light 
waves to travel through space. the Space Telescope will also 
enable scientists to observe the history of the far reaches of the 
universe and to make determinations about the birth of the 
universe itself. . 

It is an inlicing prospect that makes us wish the telescope was 
already built so we could get immediate results from it. 

Of course. we expect some people to argue that the Space 
Telescope is a waste of money. that all national resources should 
be directed toward solving our earth-bound problems on earth. 
this argument runs. 

The problem with the argument is that it places all our hopes on 
the planet earth. which is a dubious prospect at best. Earth is 
already overworked and overcrowded. To bank everything on one 
increasingly fragile planet ~akes no sense. Space offers an 
escape. a safety valve for the future_ It is a safety valve we cannot 
safely afford to ignore. We must devote time and money to both 
eartb and space. 

'Valentine a saint? 
I~ow we understand that St. Valentine is a saint no more. 
aut this doesn't deter us from giving our enthusiastic and 

unequlvoeal !UPJNM't to the good ex-saint. 
""pich leaves us where? 
'Nell. you could write a letter to the Vatican asking the Pope to 

re instate Valentine to his hallowed position 
<Jf perhaps you could try to operate through higher channels. 

byp ss the Pope if you will . 
you can transcend the case of Valentine's sainthood by 

remembering his good name on February 14. 
How? 
The Triton Times. in its traditional magnanimous gesture, is 

offering Valentine personals for only 15 cents. Only thing is they 
have to be turned in by tomorrow at 3 pm. 

Which will leave everybody happy. 
Even the saint. Or ex-saint, as the case may be. 

arm satellite bodies and also forego the " ferret ", also locates military radi o 
opportunity to destroy observation satellites." communications. taps Soviet microwav e 

Carter's concern is based on the fact that both telephone communications, and is even able to 
America and the Soviet Union have advanced turn on a ground-based transmitter to discover 
anti-satellite warfare programs in the works. its electronic characteristics. 
"'he Soviet program is so far advanced that two The U.S. conducted successful anti-satellite 
years ago they were able to blind an American tests - using weapons known as "satellite 
spy satellite - at leas t temporarily - by killers" - beginning in 1963 and 1964. The 
" illuminating" it five times with a powerful American test projects were originally code-
lasE:r beam. named " Early Spring" and " SAINT." 

American leaders are worried about the new U .S. interest in anti-satellite warfare dropped 
Russian anti-satellite because the U.S. has corrie during the mid-60s, but picked up again when the 
to rely heavily on satellite-supplied information Russians began conducting their own satellite 
to .• verify" Soviet compliance with the Strategic killer tests . 
Arms Limitation Agreement. Hundreds of U.S. intelligence sources report that th e 
American and Soviet secret sentries send back a Soviets began conducting anti-satellite tests in 
continuous stream of intelligence information 1968 . Most of the Soviet tests have been 
about the military activities of the other side. accomplished by launching a target satellite 

Now, however, this intelligence. which and then attempting to destroy it with a satellite 
provides instant confirmation of troop killer. 
movements as well as the deployment and firing Since la te 1975. however, intelligence sources 
of ICBM missiles , is threatened by have been reporting that the Soviets are 
developments taking place in space-based laser experimenting with laser- and particle-beam 
guns and particle beams - high-energy beams satellite killers . 
of sub-atomic particles. Cosmos 954 was one of a pair of satellites used 

A classified Pentagon report made public last by the Soviets to track the movements of the 
March revealed that the Pentagon had advised American Navy with spaceborne radar. 
Congress it is working on a secret anti-satellite At the end of their missions, these Soviet 
program to develop an interceptor within the ocean surveillance satellites are designed to be 
next five years. broken Into three major segments; the nuclear 

Dr . Richard Garwin , a former Defense fission reactor that powers the satellites is then 
Department scientist, recently disclosed that supposed to be boosted into an 800 mile-high 
U .S . military thinking - which had not circular orbit to endure for centuries . A 
concentrated on anti-satellite research in recent malfunction forced Cosmos 954 to lose altitude 
years - has now shifted, and that America is and caused it to burn up in the atmosphere. 

~Mlq~ ~ 
- ", r;.;..!"""-........ 

onIcr to "'~\. ",,1+1 
Dr.,th, ~lt. LJ. Q'IIIP 
~ Aont1d A..l!tisl. ... L~_-=~_~5i~~J I..L..-_---" ___ --J ~ _ _L. __ __L...I:J=-........:::..-: ..... 

Wed......,. february " 1178 triton times 
Letters to the Editor 
Free Triton action "discriminatory" 

Editor: . 
One of the reasons forcommgtoa 

university is to be exposed to a 
smorgasbord of new ideas. But the 
free exchange of ideas is not so free 
at UCSD. 

The campus' conservative/ liber-
tarian oriented newspaper . the 
free Triton , was thrown out of their 
office last week by the student 
government. And the Free Triloa 
was edged out by an impressively 
sounding organization which calls 
itself the Pyramid ClUb. 

The UCSD Free Triton is not 
funded by the student activity fee -
all funds come from privately 
raised. voluntary donations . 

The New I.dleator . as the 
campus' journal on the left. has 
received $6.000 in student money, 

as well as an orrice three times the 
size of the Free Triton. 

While about 85% of the Free 
Triton's circulation consists of the 
UCSD community. only about a 
third of Voz FrOll&eriza's dir ' ribu-
lion is on the UCSD campus. The 
rest is delivered to the Chicano 
community in Logan Heights . Voz 
Fronleriza received $6 ,000 in 
student fees and an office roughly 
twice the size of the Free Trilon . 

Office space has been given to the 
Young Socialist Alliance. MECHA 
(part of a national organization that 
has advocated the carving away of 
the Southwest third of the U.S. to 
form an autonomous statc called 
Aztian) and numerous other 
leftward leaning groups . 

It is a diSCriminatory practice to 

Indians need support 
Editor: 

We. the Indian students on the 
UCSO campus need your spiritual 
and moral support. Your ACTION 
is needed. This week on several 
locations on campus. there will be 
tables with petitions concerning 
E leven current anti - Indian 
Legis lation Bills now in the U.S. 
Senate and House of Representa-
tives. These bills that we protest 
are the following: 

HR9054: Introduces by represen-
tative Cunningham (Rep.~Wash . ). 
seeks to cancel land and rights 
guaranteed by Treaties entered 
into by the United States and all 
Indian tribes. 

HJRI and HJR206 . 
We realize that the passage' of 

these anti-Indian Legislation Bills 
is not just a threat to Indian rights, 
it is a threat to Indian SURVIVAL! 

A protest m a rch from San 
Fra ncisco to Washington D.C. is 
planned to begin Feb. II . People 
will carava n from Alca tra z to 
Sacramento where there will be a 
rally in front of the capital building. 
From Sacramento the walk will go 
10 Washington D.C. All persons are 
welcome to join for any portion 01 
the march. In s upport of this 
Longest March. another march will 
commence in Los Angeles at II am, 
the corner of'Sunset and Figueroa. 
We will march on Sunset Blvd. to 
Echo Park Lake. There will be a 

deny space to tile Free Triton at the 
same lime radical organiztions and journals are given boO. s.,ace and 
money. 

The University 's budget hearings 
come up within the next couple 
weeks: and notice of this discri-
minatory act shall be forwarded to 
the proper committee members. 

The University of California is 
prohibited by law from advancing 
the partisan cause of any politica l 
party. group or individual. This 
become a chief concern when one 
side or the other becomes a politica I 
target. 

TOM TANANA 
Editor. Free Trilon 

CHARTERS 
APEX-SKYTRAIN 

Student Fares 
Europe-Hawaii 

DonI Take Chances 
291-8141 

DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEL. INC. 

AN EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

(Women and Minorities are encouraged to apply) 
NOW IS THE TIME TO CONSIDER 

JUNE EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES 
CAREER EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES 

WITH THE 
U.S. CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 

T he Central Intelligence Agency has 
professional opportunities for persons trained 
in the disciplines listed below. If you are a 
senior or graduate student now completing 
your studies we will be pleased to review your 
credentials. 
AERONAUTICAL ENGINEERING 
AEROSPACE ENGINEERING 
CIVIL ENGINEERING 
COMPUTER SCIENCE/ SYSTEMS 

ANALYST 
ECONOMICS/ECONOMETRICS 
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING 
ELECTRONIC ENGINEERING 
FOREIGN AREA STUDIES 

EntA,I ... 
N.ar E .. ...-n 
RUlllen 

FOREIGN LANGUAGES 
(High Proficiency Required) 
Ar8blc 
Chin ... 
Kore.n 
R,,"len 

INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS 
MATHEMATICS 
NUCLEAR ENGINEERING 
NUCLEAR PHYSICS 

HR9950: Threatens to abolish the 
hunting and fishing rights of native 
American people. and would thus 
destroy the basis for many Indian 
cultures. 

ra lly. speakers, childcare, dancers. ___ ~~~~~~~_ ...... 
drummers and singers. Contact: SUMMER JOBS 

Ent Europe PHYSICS 

NASA Indi a n Ce nter , UCS D 
HR9951: Would make an unlive-

able environment on the Reserva-
tions by taking away water that is 
essential to the land. This bill would 
only benefit the corporate interests 
of Agri-buslness and Real Estate 
developers. 

HR 9906 . HR4169 . HR9175 . 

(Student Organization) , for more We will lUi .. you in landing the 
information. While in L.A. call summe, job of your choice. Our 
(213) 388-7874 or 383-1297. in S.D. no-nonsense method is proven ef-
ca ll NIA Cultural Center 263-2153. factive. We lI'e in business strictly 
"Come, my brothers, let us see to help California students obtain 
what kind of world we make for our summer employment. However. _ 
children ... " Silting Bull. ask you to act now as summer 

RALPH P. CAVEDITO jobs are usually taken by the ear-

All initial assignments are in Washington, D.C. area. Some 
require foreign travel. U.S. citizenship required. 

Get an appl ication form from the CAREER PlANNING " 
PLACEMENT CENTER, Building B, Student Center Complex. 
MAIL IT NOW"' Qualified applicants will be contacted to 
arrangf) an off-campus interview. 

HR9736. S1497 . S81437. SBS42 . Exec. Asis_ NASA UCSD liest applicants. Please remit our 
MAIL YOUR OWN RESUME OR THE APPLICATION FORM TO: 

Consider alternatives 
Editor: 

I object to the proposition that pro-abortionists are desensitized 
intellectuals lacking moral integrity. For those who insist on maintaining 
this narrow perspective consider the following: 

Is it " moral", for a rape victim to bear ao unw,6lnted child and suffer the 
psychological and social consequences? Is it fair for her to set aside the 
future she had planned? 

One of the large medical problems today is the battered child who risks 
the probability of becoming permanently maimed. How moral is it for a 
person to bear a child that was never intended to be conceived and then 
have the child become the victim of the rage of one or both of the parents? 

How moral is it for certain members of the Right to Life group to 
demonstrate while carrying non-human fetus ' proclaiming that murder 
has been commlted? When do you believe that an individual comes into 
being? If you believe that aborting a newly fertilized egg is murder then 
you have the privilege to choose an alternative. Is it moral for you to 
Impo e your opinion upon other individuals with different situations and 
beliefs? 

Every person ha s the right to beco me educated concerning 
contraception and abortion. We have the right to decide how we will 
conduct our sexual live . We need to consider the right of an infant to be a 
wa nted child , receiving love and care from responsible parents. 

ELIZABETH F. MEEHAN 

RALPH NADER 
Con.um~r Protedion and Corporate Responsibility 
Tomorrow, 12 Noon 
MsndntIIt A'-on-. 
Gmeni Ad .... 53 •• 
FREE to UCSD .......... 'acuity and stam 
(Pkk lip free Ud ........ lNtx oIIIce. YCHI." ...... Udlt 101ft", 
U C San D6eao IIox otIke 
"51~ 

one-time charge 0153 cash, check 
or m.o. to: STUDENT EMPLOY-
MENT SERVICE. 3741 Climeliia 
Mather Drive, Sacramento. Ca. 

LL. Curran 
P.O. Box Ht 

lAIwnd81e, CA 10280 

T.L.C.lOr J8IIr 

r---
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

or 
---, 

I 
I 
I 

RS I 

I 

I 
I 
I 
I ~ .... , .... ~ ......... -.•.• ,",--",." ..•. ",,,,,,,,,,,-,,-... , ... ,,,.----
r-~I.~~·"'-·--~~~·~l~"';'-~~~''''''''''''''''''----I 
I I 
I I 
I lor I, I your @!~! 
I I 
I I 

~uto 
DATSUN IIr VOLKSWAGEN 

I NDEPENDENT PARTS . REPAIR - SERVICE 
4887 VOLTAIRE STREET. OCEAN OEACH 
4600 EL CAJON BLVD .. EAST SAN DIEGO 

PLEASE PRESE NT THE AeovE COUPONS BEFORE SEAVIC~ 
OFFER EX"'Rfi FEI. 28. 1978 



charters 
Book now for summer 
Etnpe frem $319 
1 11118 WIllIs to 11 cities 
fllwail flam $1. 
HonI KOIII frail $489 

laneholel Mar Travel 
1181S'Sorrento Valley Road (In the original Del Mar Ranch House) 

452-9414 or 755-RDMT 

4Re S'osurf cfl//air 
~ 

creations 
FREE 

Crunchy Topping 
with any Serving 
of frozen yogurt 

with this ad. 
~U".J'-' thru Feb. 15 

AN EVENING wmt .. 

rilE 
San Diego Po. Theatre 

Suad~,JIle""WU7I. 
All seats reserved . $ 7.50. 6.50 Tickets available at 

Center Box Office, 202 "C" St., all Select-A-Seot ouHels and 
Son Bill Gamble's Stores. 236-6510 

FRIDAY niT 
fL~'KI 

'riday. Feb. 10 7 end 1:30 pm MendeYtlle AudHorium 
Central Box Office, 452-4559 

Event. Oil Ice 

Cold War ... 
(Condaued from pale 1) 
dence until 1960, but once 
independent, the •• recovery' , 
of the Ogaden region (as well 
as the French territory of 
Djibouti and the Northern 
Frontier District of Kenya) 
became the predominant 
political goal of the Somali 
government. 

Support of African states 
Most African states, as 

members of the Organization 
of African Unity, supported 
Ethiopia. For one, Ethiopia 
was the home of the organiza-
tion, and Haile Selassie , 
Ethiopia's Emperor, had 
great prestige among the new 
leaders. Second, the bound-
aries of most African states 
were carved rather arbitrar-
ily by European diplomats. 
Any small adjustments of 
boundaries would promote, 
the leaders felt , unending 
demands by boundary groups 
to make further adjustments. 
"The boundaries in Africa, " 
President Nyerere of Tanzan-
ia said in response to the 
problem, "are so absurd, they 
must be considered sacro-
sanct. " 

The issue, then, on Africa 's 
Horn is one between two 
principles. The Somalis argue 
that the principle of self-
determination should prevail. 
The peoples who live in the 
Ogaden, by a vast majority , 
would prefer to be citizens of 
the Somali Republic. Because 
they identify with the Somalis, 
and because they feel they 
have been oppresed by the ' 
Ethiopians, they could most 
easily determine their own 
fate as citizens of the Somali 
Republic. 

Movement encouraged 
The Ethiopians, on the other 

hand, argue that the prin-
ciple of state sovereignty 
should prevail. Their bound-
aries were recognized by the 

United Nations and the 
Organization of African 
Unity . Somali guerrillas 
crossed the Ethiopian border 
in order to aid and abet a 
secessionist movement. To 
the extent that the Somali 
Republic is aiding these 
guerrillas, they were engaged 
in international aggression 
against the sovereignty of 
Ethiopia . 

All of America's choices, if 
it wants to avoid superpower 
confrontation, prevent Soviet 
expansionism, and aid the 
cause of justice, entail risks. 
Military support of the 
Somalis would be perceived 
as supporting international 
aggression. Support of the 
Ethiopians (to reduce Soviet 
influence) would be to 
suppress a movement for self 
determination which bases 
itself on Wilsonian principles. 
A voiding the conflict entirely 
could teach the Russians that 
they can increase their 
military presence throughout 
the world without American 
reaction. 

Neutrality 
Although there are risks 

associated with neutrality , 
it is nonetheless the wisest 
course. At this time America 
would do well to provide only 
food and medical supplies to 
both sides. This would be a 
humanitarian gesture which 
could not be interpreted as 
partisanship. The U.S. could 
then watch the Russians 
handle a most difficult 
operation. 

The Russians are in a 
position which can only hurt 
them in the long run. As allies 
of Somalia for seven years, 
and recipients of base rights 
at the Somali port of Berbera, 
the Russians betrayed the 
Somalis for the greater prize 
of potentially rich and 
populous Ethiopia. 

The Soviets made a cursory 
and embarrassing attempt to 
reconcile the two parties of 

MEN'S WEST HAIR DESIGN 
4688 Convoy (Pla::a del Sol) 

Suite 107560-0585 Call/or appointmelll 
Hairstyling - regular 59.50 

$2.00 OFF 
wllh Ihis coupon 

offer lood IhlOUlh Feb. 28 

Precision Hairstyling includes shampoo, ('ut , (·ollditiol1. bloll'-dry 

..... d.'.'...."." 1,1978 

the dispute: but when that 
failed, they quickly sided with 
the Ethiopians , The Russians 
most African eli~es deduced: 
are clearly fair weather 
friends. 

There is every reason to 
believe that the two major 
wars the Ethiopians are 
fighting - against th e 
Somalis and the Eritreans -
will be long and bloody wars of 
attrition. Both enemies are 
fighting wars for national 
liberation; and high tech-
nology aid from a superpower 
can hardly subdue a move-
ment of this sort. The 
Russians, as allies of Ethio-
pia , will not be able to avoid 
getting drawn into the 
conflict!! in a way not 
disimilar from the way the 
U.S. got drawn into Vietnam . 
"Whet the Russian appetite" 

The argument of the anti-
Soviet interventionists is that 
the Russian endeavor in 
Ethiopia will whet the 
Russian appetite for future 
aggrandizement. Perhaps 
that was the lesson of Angola . 
But if the U.S. steers clear of 
this conflict, and if th e 
Russians cannot easily bring 
peace , they may well become 
sobered by the intractable 
problems of international 
gendarmerie. 

Although the Vietnam 
co nflict was a horribl e 
experience for all involved, 
America 's po twar sobriety 
was a lesson well learned. I 
think that if America has the 
patience to remain an 
innocent but concerned 
.bystander, the Russians may 
learn that Socialists too can 
get caught in quagmires . 

One can only hope that the 
human costs of the conflict -
for Ethiopians and Somali -
are not as high as in Vietnam. 
But America 's might, if used 
to still the conflict, can only 
exacerbate it . "When two 
elephants fight," goes th~ 

(Please turn to page II ) 

Backgammon 
Tournament 

Saturday: Feb. 11 
3rd Floor Tioga 

$3 Entry Fee 
Cash Prizes 

Phone: 455-5869 

I ntroduclng the newest Intramural sport ... 

I 

The f •• t-fIRed quiz g ..... thllt tHII aluclenll' knowtedge. 
Sign up this ..... t EDNA. 

Spon~"d by ASPECT. 

w ..... ...,.. 'ebnMry I, 1171 triton times PageS 

UCSD's "The Hostage: 

"Sorrows are sung, drunk, whored, joked away" 

II 

by Jill Louise Bazeley 
Arts Writer 

Most of the shows I write 
about I see on preview night or 
press night, better known as the 
final dress rehearsal. The 
reason for this is twofold: on 
these performances theatres 
feel they are not losing money 
by giving freebies to journal-
ists and I know that the sooner I 
turn in my copy the greater the 
chance ... have of getting my 
review published before the 
particular show closes . I 
believe that engineering a 
current review is one of my 
major responsibilities . Other-
wise, what does it mater to 
most people? 

But inevitably, loyal theatre-
goers ask me if I take into 
consideration the fact that I am 
examining only the final dress 
rehearsal. My answer is. in 
general , no. H a production is 
not in good shape the night 
before it opens then I see little 
likelihood that twenty -four 
hours and the benefit of an 
audience will change it. The 
exceptions are ballets and 
musical comedy. I have seen 
amazing changes from one 
night to the next with these , 
but with straight plays . r only 
make concessions for incom-
plete costumes and tentative 
technica l effects. 

"The Hostage" was in fine 
condition Jor a debut la st 
Wednesday night , and if it is 
anything like its predecessor 
"A View From the Bridge'< 
and any number of other UCSD 
Theatre plays, it will remain 
basically unchanged through-
out its run. Thus I feel justified 
in using the dress rehearsal as a 
valid indicator of the quality of 
all the performances. 

As the title suggests , the 
Brendan Behan play is about a 
~osta~e . The action takes place 
10 a disreputable establishment 
in Dublin of 1958, but it may as 
well be Dublin of 1978 for all the 
difference twenty years has 
made. A young Irish republican 
i about to be hung in a Belfast 
jail a nd a young British soldier 
is captured and held by the IRA 
as collateral on the Irishman's 
life. The whorehouse, replete 
with prostitutes both female 
and " quare", is chosen as the 

STUDY IN 
GUADALAJARA. MEXICO 
Th. GUADALAJARA SUMMER SCHOOL 
I lully .ccrull.d UNIVERSITY OF 
ARIZONA provr.m. alltra July 3· 
AuguI' " .• nthropology.lrt. bilingual 
educltl,", IDlklor., hll'ory. poliliCiI 
"'Incl. &pinlah langu.ge .nd IIt.r.· 
lurl, int.nalve Sp.nilil. Tulllon: 1245: 
board .nil r_ with Milican I.mlly: 
1215. Fir bracllurl: GUADALAJARA 
SUMMER SCHOOL. Alumni 211. 
Unlverllty II ArIzIna. T UCIIII. AriZInI 
85721. 11IOZI184-4729. 

tBLOOD~ 
! 
'i 
! ( 
f 

983 India , 
327 F Street { 

PAYS DONOR8( , 
for Service i 

I 
t Mon.· Fri . 

, 233-5481 i 234-4601 , 
.... ...... ~.~ •. " ....................... ~ ........... ~j 

hideout because it is "so hot it's 
cold." The play is remarkable 
for its way of dealing with a 
war-game in which there are no 
winners , only losers and 
broadening that into the 
context of everyday Dublin life, 
where sorrows are sung, drunk , 
whored and j~ked away. 

I fault tnls production , 
however, for making too true 
what is only a superficial levity . 
Advertisements for it read, .. A 
boisterous comedy in the 
outrageous spirit of music hall 
and knock-about farce ." This is 
an over-simplification and is 
not true of the production as a 
whole . " The Hostage" is on one 
level a funny play , but its 
humor is only a foil to the 
wretchedness of the Irish 
" problem" that is its inner 
theme. I sensed the pathos but 
my fellow audience members 
were laughing while I cried. 
That is my basis forquestioning 
the successfulne s of bringing 
the point acro s. A man is dead 
on stage and sti ll people 
laughed . The production 
certai nl y touched me , and 
perhaps it affected them too, 
only they laughed a lot more. 

Perhaps the creation of an 
a mbival ence was Behan ' s 
intention and I was being much 
too sensitive to the sorrow of the 
si tuation. Maybe he wanted to 
show how human nature can 
laugh at its own destruction. I 
certainly don't claim to 

PIO ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

Peter and Patricia Adler, 
gr~duate students in sociology 
dom~ research in motivation ... 

ThiS information is sent to all 
types of media ranging from 60 
Minutes and Time magazine, to 
th New York Times and the 
Wa hington Post . from CBS 
Radio to National Geographic . 
In short, to anyone who might 
have the faintest interest in 

CSD and thus might give it 
some publicity. Sometimes a 
TV station will also call West 
and say " We're having a low 
day. Do you have anything for 
us? " 

PIO is getting away from 

understand. or to kn'ow, but I do 
suggest that for some people 
this production of " The 
Hostage" might lose dramatic 
impact on account of the clever 
impermeability of its comedy . 

UCSD's " The Hostage " 
reminds me very much of a 
Bertolt Brecht/ Kurt Weill play, 
while at the same time it strikes 
me as being much less dis-
agreeable . The acknowledge-
ment of the audience , the 
performance of songs and 
dances, spotlighted, are 
delightfully inviting. All these 
asides are performed well- no 
belter, no worse than would be 
realistic , and the comic timing 
is excellent. Christopher 
Schulte is exceedingly good a~ 
Pat , the obscene old IRA 
veteran and caretaker of thl: 
" lodging house." His sense 01 
comedy is exquisite, his accent 
is undeniably and consistently 
Irish , and his characterization 
of Pat embodies the comic/ 
tragic ambivalence of "The 
Hostage." In an equally adept 
way Frank Collison depicts 
Monsewer, PI's commandant 
and the owner of the house as a 
mixture of quaint foolishness 
and nationalistic pride. A 
highpoint of Collison's perfor-
mance is his singing of "The 
Captains and the Kings", one of 
the many Irish songs in "The 
Hostage." 

The accompaniest for these 
songs is a little lady called 
Mousie, portrayed by Kather-

news releases, explained West. 
By providing feature stories to 
the media PIO is allowing them 
to work at their own pace rather 
than attempting to force them 
to publish the story now, he 
a id . 

Publications 
PIO does, however. publish 

the UCSD Weekly , a newspaper 
for the UC D taff. as well a 
the newly created Alumni 
Quarterly (TT, Jan . 25) . 

The office keeps a scrap book 
of a ll UCSD storie , According 
to West , it ' s " the most 
comprehensive history of the 
campus available. 

ine Imhoff, on the piano. (I 
should say on a piano - the 
instrument is so bad .) The 
invention of the character of 
Mousie for this production is 
most brilliant and Imhoff has a 
tremendous way of making the 
world out of a non-speaking 
role . Her characte rization is 
the absolute personification of 
the character's name: Mousie 
is so mousie she practically 
steals the show. 

Catherine O'Connell as 
Teresa and Jeanne Paulson as 
Miss Gilchrist also give fine 
performances . Teresa , the 
lover of the hostage , i 
intensely serious, while Miss 
Gilchrist, fancying herself his 
mother, is just as intensely 
ridi culous . In these two 
characters there is again 
represented the blend of misery 
and humor that is a feature of 
"The Hostage ": O'Connell 's 
Teresa. serene and beautiful as 
the virgin herself , is contrasted 
with the nervous absurdity that 

Paulson brmgs to Miss Gil-
christ. The hostage himself is 
only a naiive and helpless boy, 
but he is fierce in the affirma-
tion of beliefs he can't even 
comprehend. Lawrence Paul-
sen brings to this role a strong 
feeling of childish sensitivity 
and warlike brutality. 

Gerald Burke's scenic design 
uses care and ingenuity in the 
UCSD Theatre tradition . The 
set is complicated, with finely 
woodworked , though decrepit, 
stairs , passage ways and 
balconies and is given an added 
touch of shabbiness with large 
hanging pieces of corrugated 
lin. meant to suggest, perhaps, 
roofing . In all , it is very 
impressive, as are Deborah 
Dryden ' s costumes which 
demonstrate capably her 
knack of making sleazy 
characters ' clothe s look 
crummy and lived in and 
decent characters ' clothes look 
nice but not glaringly new or 
clean. 

~'D~~n!! 
NEW WORLD RECORD CO. 

3211 Holiday Court 
La Jolla Phone 455-5580 

at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 
entry street to La Jolla Village Inn 

FINEST COLLECTIONS OF 
CLASSICAL, JAZZ and ROCK 

UCLAeXtension in cooperation with the UCLA School of Law 
presents 

Attorney Assistant Training 
Certificate Programs in 
-Litigation/General Practice 
-Corporations/Litigation 
Accredited by the American Bar Association 

• Specialist certificate programs begin Spring, 1978 at UCLA 
• Comprehensive 5-month day programs 
• For highly qualified applicants seeking a career in the 

paralegal field 

• Receive graduat~ level instruction from practicing attorneys 
and attorney assistants 

• Employment assistance available 

• In. Litigation/General Practice: Learn marketable skills in 
tnal p.rocedures; also oth~r pr~cedures relevant to serving the 
legal needs of low and middle Income individuals 

• In Corporations/Li~igation : Learn marketable skills in 
~rporate and pension and profit-sharing procedures' also 
tnal procedures ' 

.--------------------
I I Appl icat ions ava ilab le I 

I Immed iately. Fo r fu ll detjl ils I 
I write or call : . . I 
I Attorney ASSIStant Training I 
I Program, UCLA Extension I 
I Suite 214 , P.O. Box 24902 
I Los Angeles, CA 90024 ' I 
I (213) 82S.Q741 . : 
I I 
I I UCLAe~l~ conrinulng educorion I 
I C I 
: orne.. . : 
: Train at : 
: UCLA \, ... -.J : 
I I PI._ rush infor_lion end en I 
I ..,pliQtion to 
I I I Name I 
I I I Address I 
I City I 
I I 
I Slate Z IP I 
I I 
I I 
--------------_____ .1 



...... 
triton times 

'NIT Y GRIT .Y GRE NERY 
1115. WALL STREE T 

LA JOLLA 

Three in top 5 
Julius Erving League tops AA 

Ph. 454-~ 

VALENTINE'S SPECIAL 
15 .. off ALL STOCK . 

FOR UCSD STUDENTs 
' . . 

With ID CARD 
. offer expires Feb. 15 

In 48 hours you can learn to use 
your mind to do anything you 
wish. II bas been said tbat Einstein IIICd only 10% of his mind. and the 
aeneraJ public UICI only about 3% or 4%. And that's what SiI~a Mind Control 
is all about: arnin, to use more of your mind. Thet-e is no limit to how far you 
can ao; there is no limit to wbat you can do. bec:ause there is no limit to the 
power of your mind. Students report simple tllinas like IClrnin, to stop 
smokina. to fall asleep without drilp and wa{e up without clexu. to relie~ 
nervousness, to stop eXCClli~ drink-in" to memorize lon, lists and to improve 
creati~ity - to the more sophisticated things like arnin,to dewlap ESP and 
to UK dreams to sol~ problems and to get information . 

Over 1.000,000 people all o~r the world have taken Silva Mind Control. and 
so can you. To find out how. we 
invite you to a free seminar. But a 
W:lrd of caution; it .UI chanae your 
life. 

For infenDation call 297-0751 

Silva Mind 
Control® 

Moonlight Productions Presents 

TOM WAITS 
with Special Guest 

NORTON BUFFALO 
(Formerly with Steve Miller Band) 

Friday, Feb. 17,8 pm California Theatre 
Only 1800 seats/ All Reserved 56, 57 
Tickets A vailable at California Theatre 4th & C Downtown 
and all Ticketron Outlets 
Info. Call: 455-1522 or 753-1973 

Three teams from the Julius 
Erviq Lealuedominate Men's 
AA division basketball play 
after three weeks of intramural 
action. Not since the Atlantic 
Coast Conference (ACC) 
monopolized NCAA basketball 
ratiqs two years alo has one 
leaaue controlled the top spots 
in UCSD 1M ball . The Scream-
ing Ealles. after sayin~ 
exuuuuse me to the Ramblin 
Guys, 42-13 last Thursday, 
earned the number one ranking 
in AA play. Vice Squad eeked 
out a 47-39 decision over Yellow 
Rugs to rise to number three, 
while Rosy'.s Rising Again (a 
57-37 winner over hapless Beef 
By-Products) is number five in 
AA play. 

Here are this week's rank-
ings straight from the type-
writer and quick wit of 1M 
coordinator Lee Johnson: 

AAA 
While Mojave Green took 

over the top spot from Superla-
tive Scorers, second billed 
Abrewang , behind Kevin 
Douglass ' 26 point effort, edged 
In Your Face 6!'i-64. Douglass 
told the Triton Times he would 
attempt to literally shoot the 
lights out of the gym in his next 
game so he can get his name in 
type again. 

The Men's AA ratings: 
1) Mojave Green (4-O) 
2) Abrewang (3-0) 
3) Superlative Scorers (3-1) 
4) Abusers (2-1) 

AA 
In addition to the Julius 

Polo at UCSD 

~~ 
We need experienced horse· 
backriders who are able to 
jump a 3 foot course for the 
UCSD POlO TEAM. If you 're in-
terested in learning, call 
Beth at 481-1567. 

LA JOLLA SPORTING GOODS 
1051 WALL STREET - 459-3359 

ANNUAL CLEARANCE. SALE 
Feb. 9 thru 18 Biggest One Everl 

20-50% OFF 

Men's Clothing 
Fila. Izod, Hlld. 

Adldas. Fred Plrry 
Boy's Clothing 

Muns ngwllr, No. Onl un, 
Court Casual 

Men's Warm Ups 
Fila, Winning Ways. Adldll, Court ellual 

Shoes 
Min's, Ladlu , Chlldrln's 

Adldal. Pony. Puma, 
Nlkl. Trill (2) 

ClnVI,.I, Fred Plf'ry 

Racquets 
Head Pro was S5000 sail price S39.95 

Hlld Mastlr was S4000 sale price S29.95 
Dunlop Fort was S34t5 sale prici S24.95 

Davis Classic was $4905 sale price $36.95 
Yamlha YFG 30 was $45°S sale price S35.95 

Yonex 8500 was $4615 sale prici 131.95 
FREE NYLON STRING JOB 

every new rami purc all 
11000 value 

Ladles Clothing 
Fill, Hamp. COUrt. Top Slid. 

Tlm,ndra. Held 
Ladles Warmupa 

Looml ..... Cou" caUlII, TIP Seed 

AND MUCH, MUCH MOREl 

3) Court 'N Spark (2-2) 
4 D-Haus (1-3) 

BoUom Five 
Ervinl League sporting three 
or the top five teams in AA ball, 
they also have a monopoly on 
intramural's tallest players. 
Yellow Rals has 6'7" Alan 
Russell, Rosy's Rising has 6'8" 
Steve Jaye and the top ranked 
Screaming Eagles supposedly 
have a ,'10" center. You might 
see varsity coach Barry 
Cunnlnlbam scouting out this 
Thursday night league. 

The Men's AA ratings: 

Not Basketball lived up to its 
name , lost their second 
consecutive gatne and took 
over of the garbage heap. The 
remaining bottom four are 
Foggy Mountain Breakdown 
(1-3), Beef By-Products (4)-3), 
Not Enoulh (0-3) and Whiff, 
which is 3-0 but really not as 
good as their record. 

Sign-ups are now being taken 
for a basketball team to 
represent UCSD's 1M program 
in the nnual Schlitz restival. 
Turn in your roster to Lee 
Johnson at his Rec Gym Office, 
no later than Feb. 23 at 3 pm. 

1) Screaming Ealles (3-0) 
2) Run 'N Gun (4-0) 
3) Vice Squad (3-0) 
4) Hooterville Express (3-0) 
5) Rosy's Rising Again (2-0) 

A 
Glada emerged as the top 

billed A divison team as they 
scored a narrow 38-36 win over C Id W 
Dribbling Schmata, last.week's 0 ar ... 
second rated team. Fifth rated 
Tchichaes crushed hapless 
Waste 68-17. with the help of ex-
UCSD waterpolo stars Bob Alee 
and David Harry and ex-
quarterback Jeff Shapiro of the 
1M flag football team Punts. 

The Men's A rankings: 
1) Glada (4-0) 
2) Scripps (3-O) 
3) Climax (3-0) 
4) Gophers (3-0) 

(Continued from palle 4, 
African proverb, "it is the 
grass which suff-ers ." The 
Russians, once sobered by 
overseas interventionist 
experience (whichis quite 
different from marching 
troops over one's own border) 
could well become better 
partners in the dance of 
detente. 

5) Tchichaes (3-0) ... 
Coed • 

Come Alain'! overtook Suck • 
Mucks (who lost to Dribbling .. 
Fools 34-20) as the top coed .. 
basketball team Up On Top .. 
Again went from fifth to second .. 
as they knocked oU highly • 
regarded Coed 53-44. .. 

The Coed rankings: • 
1) Come Again? (4-0) • 
2) Up On Top (4-0) • 
3) Basket Cases (4-0) .. 
4) Dribbling Fools (3-1) .. 
5) Coed (3-1) .. 

5'10" and Under .. 
The intercoui1.s rt!tained the .. 

top spot by beating A Hole in the .. 
Wall , 55-35. Ditto, by sticking it .. 
to Box 86-60, also remained the .. 
same as the second ranked .. 
team. The Peewee ratings: .. 

1) Intercourts (4-0) . ' 
2) Ditto (4-0) .. 
3) Wild East Show (3-0) .. 
4) Smokin Still (2-1) .. 
5) MFSB (3-1) .. 

Women .. 
In women's play, Go For It .. 

(don't they all?) is seeded .. 
number one while the Hotshoes, .. 
by scoring a narrow one point .. 
decision over third billed Court • 
'N Spark, is number two. The .. 
women's ratings: .. 

1) Go For It (3-0) .. 

.. . . .. .. .. .. .. . '" .. '" 

Food I 
, 

Music I 
Drink I 

~1iC cfc!~o-
0"'.-
- ~ . o ." .D ~:)"'.! t).2 •• 

eU :: o~ 
vCi 
SponSONd by: ASUCSD 
& MuIr Cokge Cound 

2 Hotshoes (3·1) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. • • • ..... 

'Chere IS .. difference!!! 
PREPARE FOR: 

gnJ·WJ· ll~ 
GMAT· GRE 

OCAT • VAT • SAT 
VOE • ECFMG • FLEX' 

NAT'L MEDICAL BOARDS 
NAT'L DENTAL BOARDS 

NURSING BOARDS 
FI •• ible Progrlms And Hour. 

21111 ... 1' 
271-"1' 

OutsHle NY State OnlY 
CALL TOLL FREE 

800·221·9840 

EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

T( ~, PAl I'AIU I.IIN 
'>PI ( .At'<" '> '>'H" ", II, 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

• 
• 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

• 
.. 

• 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

wednelCl8Y. February 1.1978 triton times 

triton times classifieds 
housing 
FemOjI~ roomal .. " .. ntt.-d to "twre3 ~room ~OU)M' 
n CI ... remonlo-'nroumtlOl. ' .Utll Anlll feb 15 
270-%716 121101 

La Bdrm. in'bt"CI 2buthdUplex , Pal'8c:h S~ .. rbUJI 
IranI' 2: hltK·U lobPul'h. II~ SllKk>nl w ... \' lna s(-'hool 
... I6:11i ,Ul3' 

1 or2- femu~ nn mate. nft'ded roroetOolnfront .. "" In 
Del Mar ,I\\'ail",ble no"" Rent R~uson..tble ... 1·11-10 
lUI' 
W.lnTl .t1 ' Inl I"., j, '-"HI', .II 11I .. 1i .... · ~nl. ln I Rr u -41 
Condn III per murnh O'A n room. ~5·7tn 11/ 10, 

ROOM TO SHARE 2bdnn 1IGu ... ..... n Iide of 
Million Beach, • . ~' I . Uli! Non·smoker .... s. 
f\'t!fl . e2/1e • 
'* La Jolla Vitla,e near UCSD. New -_ .. 
unfuml M .I bill. c.rpe&a. d.--.cIbI ....... _1, 
lenni • . spa. adulli. AvaU.bIe now. U4 • .a. SUlan, 
or. (1I31 __ . ... nl_. (11 10) 

UCSD 'ludellt ' ,00 Nell noo·lmollerto .... re new 
3br .- .) •• 113 ud. m~ or W·7141 nr 
UCSD (211) 
Condo for rent - ~ , 311r. I " a.. Gen_ H'la ndo 
Ide.1 loe .. pool . • 1<' UlSlmo 4130$101 or 513_1 
evel 12:/ IOt 

lost & found 
Fuund·::! nni~ 11\ TLH voonlt'n · ... O;lIhruullI UI1 
TIII·Mi.i\ Idt'nhf~ 10 TT 41rfu.'t' 
LO T Wecsult·"indbk!\II, ofC\lulrApl ~·'B.Jll·on) 
Sott nitt" SenllOlt'nt~1 ' · ... h,wo· 1I )00 found it plea~ 
,'all-l33·93!IOi 

S Ifl'V.Urd &1\l"l110 1M J)er80n who rt"lurns .. po('kel 
(, •• mCrll tukl'n rrom 2312 ()('t'.mfront Del M.lr at ~'rl 
.... rt) 

Aook,. Ttw If dml~l ",umlni 1 ~"'J)eri 
Thl' Seert" Ad\l'rs.lr~ 11'.Jpt'rI 
Shu rt ffl ~lUr)' of Arri<' .. I P"~' I I 
Th(' MOOl'rn 1'I0PIU IduSIl~rI 
TOI'Il's In Alll'brJ 
,\ Pruner in O ..... r •• nt Conditioning 
P"YlhoIOg} 01 t:mollon4 Bob Allt'n Cil'fM'lIl' 

"" ... I)'sIS ('.11(·u lu8 ' It Applu.'.ll iuns 
' nt(>hook.~ 

(;rt."l'n nowbook ,Cht'rn nutt'l'ol 
.Int' ".Amos Poll S<'ie l \I,hl1el 
l.ul .. C:oaJltO-\I.llh 'lC I rt'flt 
, ... nC) Rimpk·r·Third World r old"'r 
Alu,' .3 S(,('\lonl v.lth TrI(C noh''I 

ClOlhefi: 
\\om ... n gr{'Cn sv.t'J It'r 
('hlld · ... hlue ""(',11,'( 
nt'\ l'lIt" hlue T·",hln ,1.JrKt· 1 
Lliht bilK' s\II,e ... tshin ISOI ... lh 
,",unMn' !'o or:tn8" S\H',Jlcr 
Ortlngt" At ,,"'en stnptod blouSt' 
\; ... \) blut' "ind bre.lkt.'r 
4!~.lrh 
\\um.m·" "" hltt· ,,""tt .. h·" \"O.d 
\11~ ·· 

\\hllt' 111",'1 
I\(')b 
1;I, .. 5Sl'''' 
f;ld:\.'C(· .. }ot· 
(·onl .... '1 It·n.'Ii ("Il't'!'o 
\ndrt'" P,J\ rldll'k·dw .. "(·kbuok 

\lu .. , 'dt:ntlr~ 10 d .. lm 

travel 
Sprina Bre-bk in Maullan·.eave March 27. 5 cbYl/ 4 
n"hu. Includes ho",1, delu •• dInner. I.,..,lal 
di count book, u.xes, ai rfare. bay CMlie Mnd loIi rport 
transferl , Call Now ........ TLC Travel 12/101 

BOOK 0101 CAM PUS; Eur_. Ha ... ail and N .... 
Vork Charter ni,hlJ CIEEStltdenl TravelSludenl 
Cenler s.o23 Open weekdays 12 .. , Call 452.0630 
1&1 111 

CLASSIt'IEIl ADs 
S ....... , raw: .. 1M'" 1M slJrIIM"I . 
Non ........ 1 ra M': Ia. .... r I .... ('ft. 
Loll 41 r ...... aft: frH for Ii", linw rvn . 
Ad (' .... ,on" arf' : Wanlf'd, For Salr. Travf'l. 

lto .. iOC. !in ....... ~nooI8I ......... , .. Found . 
Your ltd rupy an.I pa, .... n. ('lUI ... m.UN 01 

dtll\f'f'f'd •• twf'IM. hill bolll mnl tHo In lIN" offkfo~,. 
.! pm ... IfftIIII day ......... y.r .. II 10 .. ,... ... 

Off ............ for ..... d.IIi'iPd -..n",", are 
lrom II ·J .. ~nlt· 

: .... ......................... " 

: ... ; ',r ", 

~ 'Friday Night Fever" 
: A Sernl-Formill Dilncl' 
: and Contest 1 r dol" 
: Fd) " " th" Mil" " I'.. 
: DUll'· ; ~f'" rd~f~'I'---.,IC)11 

(lC)N J MJC,C, iT' 

.. 

XEROX 
COPIES 

2~~, 
minimum 

~~ ~~~~ 1 ~50CEaC~ 
1101 II ... A_ 00"'_" 
231·1171 

OPEN 7:101.111.· 10 p.III. IoII ·F 
Setu .... ,.. ,......,. 10.5 

announcements \;l'''' ('.Imvu)o·\I,ldl· n.I~' 'n'" ntlUn ' t:du('OI llon lJrngrdnl"llIlnlt'r\ lev. S1udt.:llls ror Inl~(n poSItion 
PU' k up rcft·rr .. 1 ... 1 Stdt i'. mvl\ mt I? / JU 
\·uap(,I.I.!I~ Ft·h 97Apm 10 "'l"'1o; .m Hl'l istl'r CASHrOR COMICS" J'MCRAZVt!'l lorcomics 
rirlU nl4!t:linw IIf ('I,I~'" L ..... 11111 .. Hl'('tl"Uton ('t'ntt'r but need to fill In my collection Les\'e no 
til~ Prosf)t'1..'\ , t , I .'"II.1 w/cornicnut 4U41517 (211) 

\ frt'l' .", rubl\' ,t,II"'l' d.l» _III bt, tM: ld .11 Iht' Cath paid for coin.I. ctau ri .... , jewelry. dentaJ 
Inlt'muIi(Ml;J1 ( 't'nh'r un :'olund,l} ,,'l'b :t01h ,II 5 3tI aoId. Jtetlilllaftdpt'f I_U,S SUvucolni Ken7"'· 
pm Wt.'~ru'nms ",hUl'tc .md hnIlK'! frlt'l\d, Furm,ltl· 7371 (411) 
InfurlH ullon 1, .. 11 1' .1 III ,II 126 ·1777 I::! / :ln I Need ~Spon8Ib&t! , kid. lovIRlluytobf!COft1panion to 

for sale 10 )'r old. lor 2 days/wk. La Jolla Sho .... Borbara 
6' 10" Huhnt'Surfbmmt ok \·t.ndltloo UO('ull W,lrrt.'n 
tit .. :'·7116 1111 01 

68 VW CAMPER SEW nml or. Irans. llreB. br.lkl'l 
equipped for dls'arK'~ 235 ..... dependable II SM 
12/ 1$) 

vw Cijmper-V.,n ~e'" ~:nl • electrlc;.t {'UllOm 69 
nlUit sell 1110 U bell ofrer (..11I451-54t7 1%110) 

f'or Sale : ClMent: ltereo w / AM / f'''' '100, Men ', 
coat .navy blue g"new PO Call JlmW-411IevH. 
12111 
74 Cull ... SUpreme power. airl AMII'MJ 51m ml. Cldn. ", .. ,real. 11100 coli • ter 5, Jed 755 __ 
(2110) 
GUlt ... r chulIc<l1 .. .. :l lrellu .. with new case . 
F: IlC#'llent oond 190 or beln of(er a~k for Luis 4~-63811 
1:tIlOI 

wanted 
..,lIm l re" n("t'd{.>d ror Yt'ft'k of Feb 20 Sound. 
,· .. mer ••. Ii"hl s n"So s ludt.'nt . "ilh medii.! l·ards. 
~7.l..am 11/101 

ut·l7lC) 121101 

services 
:-;~:w St; R\' ICE 1)0) ou 'honk your Phone II 
BUlIed" Would JOU Uk4! 10 know for !'!ourt!" C ... 11 .. 59· 
S497 for Info 121 / 101 

T)pina~xPt'nerl('nt reh ... ble. r ... sonable IBM 
Correcting SeIe<'trlC' C6I11 .-n)' time 455-0121 Mrs " 
Old. ,6/" 
Fly 1.4 Otegon loot I, commercial uufare Lea\'~ 

t>~eb . 10 relurn F't'b 12 Call Dun 4..",.5139 Pilot Son· 
Profll 12/11 

Tfmnis SlrinKlnl l.Ind Gripe: Sylon Itnn" $f.ISO, 
FlIti ...... } grIp S,-IOO Cull Paul 7M-1242 evenines 
12/ (0 ) 

Typ,nC' lfllfcorreeuna IBM .electric lenn papen. 
theses, etc. f'~perlpl'K'f'd 452-1511 evrninl" (6/ 19' 
'fYPING! IBM Seledrtc'erm papers , the .... PhD 
d, ... rtauono , edi,i,,", RUSH JOBS · .53 __ . 5(0. 
1111 . 2_31. 452·1111 16111 

Professional Typlna , Reil50n~./ le Rules ltiM 
Corre<'tinl Selectric. Call for Free Eslimate Gad 
411·7S4I), '6 /91 

TYPING - M ... rll>" \ll,ould like lO rulflll yourtypml 
needI - .. port "'.lOnable. h.IIBM Call27H721 
'2111, 

NEED A TVPIST' R.alOnBble ralel SPEEDY 
SERVICE IBM sell<..-",,'Iinl, Kall1,. 27&-!m9 
after 12 00 noon 13/11) 

PRon:SSIONAL THESIS / MANU CRIPT 
TVPING Expenenced. lhorouahly familiar "Ith 
wll form' iil)' I~ ""'41.urtomenlJ Rush)obl accepted 
IBM Corrr<1l nl sel~tri(' II typewnter Day S6&-
3:111. t,>\'t' 56ti-t941 Illtl 

RESF.AHCU PAPF.RS - Thousand5 on (lie- 12 75 
per pale Orilinal re8e'ilrch iItlgo ilvailable Send 
SIOf) for l·iIIU.l01 NATIUNAL RESEARCH IOMIO 
Wils hire no 214 LA too24 (2 13) 479· 1016 IJ II7) 

MEN' - WOMEN' 
JOBS ON SHIPS' America n fOte l ," No 
f''(penence I'e'QUlred EXC'ellent pay Worldwidt 
Iravel Summer Job Dr career Send $3.00 for 
Informallon EA.' AX . Dept B-4 80. 2049. Port 
Angeles . Washlnllon 11362 12/') 
Edillnl . proofread in l , reuare:b , rewrite 
Profe .. ional txpetienee, RealOllabJe rat". Mary 
• ..... , (21IS) 
EARN UO/hundm add" ... m. envelopes at home' 
fSe.,innera kit I I. Moore! Box 4121 La Jollil 92031. 
(1117) 
TutOrinl in a D), Math , III·yr .tat or PhysiCS. 
Re.Ii;)bAt , upprt • yn combined eJtP. Fully 
woned-OUl .Rlwer shee\.l provided to ~Jar 
8ludenu, fREE! One--time tellJORI avail.b~ ... 
back cuarantee Ben. ""'-1511 f2/1) 
Mediul Scholar. hip. 510 immediate 4·yur 
medical achool ICholanhips available to entennc or 
enrolledmed .t~U CaUN,vymedical t.e.m2t3· 
IW44 (41111 

personals 
Focushul been formed bYlhe sludrn~orUCSD Wp 
... r e twre to help Cilll 452·745.$ (211) 
Warren Colleae Ori.nUlloa Loador ApplicoUoIII 
wil' be .ce.pud unlll Yeb 21 . (1111) 

Wln'OG .. ,I! Trade your }'VUtIIlui oIdU . IIllit)' for 
'un • I •• m .... Experienced ... llor would -'<:orne 
..... aboard hil Eric ... U ' lloop you .. m.n who 
.".oll to ~m Or improve .. iliaC ability C.U •• 
!IlI1 for a ...... interview (111) 
SurfClubmeetina; IWwUme.ndplace Tbun. W: OO 
In APM mil. Important. 10 pte ... come' (III ) 

" you Ill.nd "'" memory IjImpooium you woo'l 
nunk ilfIY more te.u, The: .rade you Ave milY be )lour own (211) 
How do I ~ve thee'! IAt me COUDt the wly • . l fotlot 
them I'm loi"l to attend Dr Norman', memory 
talk (I I I ) 

Warren Collele Procramml1ll Board preaenlJ 
" Mind Games" Symposium PI I memory Wed II' 
7 pm lnltmatlOndl Center 12/ ' } 

Don't for,et
' 

Wed. I I ' Dr. Nonnln willipeak on 
the URI of your memory. 7 pm Im.emational 
eon"'r F.... (111) 
Muir Proaram Boilrd Presenll " F'riday Nl,ht 
Ft\ N ' a Seml·Formal Dan«: "Conte t - Friday 
February IOln1heMuir5" Dime rr~Admis.IOII 
Oon'1 MI!IIIt " 

ATTENTION SKtERSt Ski Memmotll 
Februery 11-20. Trip Includee trenoporta-
lion, lood and locIg~ In e condominium 
(willi HURl! and jac:uul). Price: $M.OO Cell 
St .... 8141Hlt57. 

The TI-57 The super slide-rule that'll 
get you into programming ... fast and easy. 

Even if you've never programmed before. 
For the student who re-

quires slide-rule functions, the 
TI-57 delivers an exceptional 
combination of advanced 
mathematical and statistical 
capabilities. From functions 
such as trig. logs, powers. roots 
and.reciprocals .. . to mean, var-
iance, standard deviation and 
much more, 

And as long as you're in 
the market for a super slide-
rule calculator, why not buy 
one that can also put the power, 
speed and convenience of pro-
gramming at your disposal? 

Programming a calculator 

simply means giving it a logical 
set of instructions for accom-
plishing what you want it to 
do. Programming enables you 
to solve lengthy and repetitive 
problems 
quickly 
by sub· 
stituting 
new vari-
ables into 
the set of 
instructions 
which you 
have al-
ready entered into the machine. 

-The end result is more effi-

cient U SE' of your time in prob-
lem-solving, 

All this and more is ex-
plained in our unique, illus-
t rated , easy-to-follow guide-
bOOK. " Making Tracks In to 
Programming." Thi 200-page 
book comes with the TI-57. It 
contains simple, step-by-step 
instructions and examples to 
help you quickly learn to use 
programllJing function.s to 
make your p roblem-solving 
faster, more ~,ccurate and fun. 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS ~ 
... INNOVATORS IN 

PERSONAL ElECTRONICS 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
I NCORPOR "TED. 



...... 

, Space is running short! .. 
Gety rValentine Personals today! ".,. 
15t Must be purchased by 3 pm tomorrow 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

<tInl of 1fiu 3Jolla 
HAIR STYLISTS 
~r----r"7 

Bird Rock 

Quality Hair Styling 
For Men & Women 

w. Ute Ind Sell 

~ BeIuty Products 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . 

RUr.wAGE & BAKE SAlE 
Friday, February 10th 

8:30 A.M. to 4 P.M. 
TORREY PINES 

CHRISTIAN CHURCH 
8320 La Jolla Scenic Dr., N. (within bike distance 

of the campus) 
FEATURING 

handmade shoulder bags 
plants of assorted sizes 

QUALITY second-hand items 

ONLY $39900 
*BATAVUS MOPEDS 
(Regularly $469 to $515) 

-Large Supply - Many Colors & Models-
All New with Full Warranty 

HUBBYIQ 
The Mercha!!t of Mopeds 

Complete Line 
of Parts & Accessories 

·whlle they last 

... "" OF .ft. . f~\, 
r"MOTOR.ZED 

-~ .CYCLES 

2226 Avenida de fa Playa 
La Jolla Shores 

454-9882 

Open: 10-5 
Tues thru Sun 

CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY, CHICO 
& SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY . 

TRAVEL·STUDY-1978 
FLOATING CLASSROOMS 

Scandinavia & USSR, 18 July - 3 August . Study geography and culture aboard a British 
P&O liner . Shore excursions included. $1.495. 
Mediterrane.n, 18 July - 10 August . V isit Greece, Italy, Israel, Egypt & Turkey on the 
Ach ille Lauro (Italian). Study history. $1,795. 

Cruise prices include some lime ill I.ondon . 
TWO & THREE WEEK PROGRAMS 

England, Wales & Eire : 18 July- 03 August . Study comparative education In London , 
Chester, Wales & Dublin . $1,150. 
Wimbledon : 26 June-11 July . See the English tennis championship and play lawn tenn is. 
Excursions included . $995. 
Singapore & Hong Kong: 1 July- 15 July . Study government administration . $1,345. 
Wine Countries: 12 July- 26 july . Study vineculture in Paris, Reims, Mosel, Strasbourg, 
Alsace, Beaune & Bordeaux . $1 ,050. 
British Isles: 16 July- 04 August . Study educational telecommunications in England , 
Wales & Scotland . $1,150. 

FOUR & FIVE WEEK PROGRAMS 
London : 10 July - 8 August . Study drama, film, and art history . ExcurSions In England & 
Wales. Optional tour to Paris. $1 ,175. 
Italy: 25 June- 06 August . Florence, With triPS to Rome. Siena , Assisl and other places . 
Study art , culture & language. $1,325. 
Rhine & Danube: 28 June- 26 July . Study the culture of the region & VISit Amsterdam, 
Cologne, Vienna , Budapest & more. 51,675 . 
France & Low Countries: 28 June- 26 July . Study art & literature In Amsterdam. 
Allt •• crp, Parj~ . limoges, N Imes & Dilon. $1,450. 
Spain: 19 June- 31 July . $tuu~ lilnguage & culture In Madrid , Santiago, Granada & 
Lisbon . $1.355 . 
Mexico: 25 June- 28 JUly . Study language & culture In Guanajuato with optional tours to 
Patzcuaro & Mex ico City . Trans not inc. $515. 
Greece: 25 June- 14 July . Tour mainland Greece, Rhodes & Crete while studYing claSSical 
elvi IIzation . $1 ,650. 
Prices include air fare from West Coast, room & full or partial board . All travel, room & 
board arrangements by the UniverSity Foundation, CSUC. 
CALL: (9 16) 895·5801 (714) 286·5821 
WRITE: International Programs College of Extended Studies 

Cal. State UniV. - or- San Diego State University 
Chico, CA 95929 San Diego, CA 92182 

White 
Whales 

by Alln RUUIII 

_ ......... , .... ." •. 1m 

At Warren College they like to think they're pra,matic. 
Read it right there in the catalog description - they describe 

themselves as "pre-professional", complete with academic 
internship programs. 

In other words, thex don't approve of shiftless reprobates like 
me. "You mean you're going to try and (gasp) write for a living, 
Alan?" You see, writing fQr a living is not practical. Especially 
poor writing. 

Gradually their conditioning got to me. A man's got to have a 
vocation, something he can fall back on. So I saw it their way. I saw 
the light. 

• •••• 
Cory Carlson, director of Warren's Academic Internship 

Program, gloated over me. 
"So, you've finally decided on an occupation. What's it going to 

be? Doctor, lawyer, Indian chief?" They're clever at Warren. 
I stared him in the eye. Then I said it. "Hit man." Two words, 

two total syllables. I should have known it was two too many. He 
didn 't seem to understand . 

"Paid assasin (uh oh , three syllables), Cory, you know, boom, 
boom, the works." 

At last he spoke. I could tell he had never been taken an 
internship in poise and public speaking. "Wh-what?" 

" It's like this, Cory. I hear the pay's good. The hours would be to 
my liking and I'd be working with my hands ." , 

Spittle now ran down Carlson's cheek as he tried to form words . I 
rose, patted him on the shoulder, and walked toward the door. ''I'll 
check with you next week, Cory. Don't trouble yourself now." 

••••• 
I could tell Carlson was a little bit nervous the next time I saw 

him. The frisking I could take. The straightjacket was a bit much . 
" I tried the Mafia first. Alan," he said. " No go. There 's a glut in 

the market. Even experienced hands are finding trouble landing 
job . 

"Next I checked with the CIA. Off the record they told me they 
were only recruiting minorities for their assasin posts . 

" I had just about given up hope when I heard that the UCSD 
administration needed a hired gun to knock off a few enemies. It 
took some doing, but I convinced them a student could fill the bill . 
The posting is now up at Student Employment. " 

I thanked Cory profusely as he let me out of my straight jacket 
and sent me over to Student Employment. I looked up the listing 
and found it under " Hit Person." Pay: $4 .18 an hour. Enough to 
keep me in shells. I fit the prerequi ites as J was neither blind nor 
had epilep y. But then J noticed something. 

The listing was for Work Study students only. You know, like 
middle class brats need not apply. 

Naturally perturbed , J went out and shot the bureaucracts 
responsible for the job posting. Work tudy - why, it's almost as 
ridiculous as gun control. 

As for my budding career, it was cut short. But working with all 
the bureaucr(lts and administrators had given me the idea for my 
future occupation. My stay here for the last four years is enough of 
an internship for anyone . 

J'd like to be a proctologist. 

"Let all those that seek thee 
rejoice and be glad in thee; 
and let such as thy salvation 
say continually, Let God be 
magnified ." Psalms 70:4 
Christian Science is based on the 

ible and Science and Health 
with Key to the Scriptures, by 
Mary Baker Eddy. Campus 
Counselors at UCSD: Paul and 
Ann Hofflund, 453-5217. 

Attention Men!!! 
SALE 

Now in Pro'gress at 
DI 

5887 Unl .. rslty Av. 
(nxt. door to the Clnerlma Th.atrt) • 

Phon. 287-1180 
Hrt: Mon-Frl: 10-1 Sat: 10-8 Sun: 12-5 


