
Parking fees will not be raised now 
by Andy Schneider · 

Associate News Editor 
,. McElroy will seek alternative plans maintaining the parking we 

already have has increased. 
Even if we opt for alternatives, 
it's going to cost some money." 

Chancellor McElroy has 
decided not to raise campus 
parking fees in order to pay for 
a par.king gar.age at University 
Hospital. 

The decision came in the 
wake of the Parking Advisory 
Committee 's (PAC) recom-
me ndation to McElroy last 
Friday that he not raise the fee 
until a number of alternatives 
to solve the parking congestion 
problem at University Hospital 
have been explored. 

alternate solutions available. 
"Since a lot of people are 

unsatisfied with the details, I 
intend to establish a new 
committee of faculty, students 
and staff that will study 
possible alternate sites and 
possible alternate modes of 
transit," said McElroy. 

medical center located in 
Hillcrest, is necessary because 
of the congested parking 
conditions in the area caused by 
patient s and staff of the 
hospit al using on-street 
pa!"king. 

Open to the committee are a 
wide range of options including 
building a garage structure, 
encouraging vanpools an d 
carpools , increasing mass 
transit and providing shuttle 
service from parking sites 
away from University Hospi-

The task force will be chaired 
by a yet to be announced faculty 
member and will submit its 
first draft to the Medical Center 
Planning Committee and to the 
Chancellor. From the report, a 
new request will be presented 
to the PAC for consideraton. 
McElroy s tres ed that he would 
wait for the " report and the 
deliberations of the advisory 
committee, then make a 
decision about fees from 
there." 

tal. ,.' 

In an exclusive interview 
Wednesday, McElroy told the 
Triton Times he will appoint an 
ll-m ember task force to 
document medical center 
parking needs and to develop a 
cost-benefit analysis for all 

The task force will b e 
charged with preparing a 
report by Sept. 18, 1978 that wl\l 
explore the financial , social, 
operational , ecological and 
political factors in the , 'arious 
parking problem solutions. 

Garage is necessary 
According to university 

spokesmen, the garage at the 

Une possi ble alternative 
suggested by McElroy is to rent 
space at San Diego Stadium 
and shuttle employees to 
University Hospital Crom there. 
AlthOugh he didn' t consider the 
stadium a real possibility , 
McElroy used it to point out 
that "we should look for and 
consider workable solutions." 

Regardless of the solutions 
and recommendations pre-
sented by the task force , 
McElroy cautioned the campus 
community to expect some 
increase in future parking fees . 
" There hasn 't been an increase 
since I've been here," he said. 
" The co t for operating and 

The Chancellor'S action was 
applauded by a variety of 
student group which had 
opposed the parking plan. 

Thalheimer, Amos 
back in the race 

by Eric Jaye 
Staff Writer 

against the candidates would 
be grounds for disqualification. 

Volu .... 34, Number 12 F~.~12'. 1171 

Reversing the Elections 
Commitee's earlier ruling, the 
AS Judicial Board voted last 
night to put presidential 
candidate Ed Thalheimer and 
his vice-presidential running 
mate Dan Amos back on the 
ballot for the AS election 
Tuesday and Wednesday, 
though forbidding the two to 

Speaking for the two, Amos 
said last night after the board 
had announced its decision that 
he was " pleased that justice 
was done." VCSaaDielo 

Abzug - ERA needed now 
by Mark Stadler 

Senior Editor 
The Equal Rights Amend-

men t (ERA) is necessary 
b cause the United States Con-
titution, as it says, "all men 

are created equal," does not 
r cognize equality for women, 
Bella Abzug said here Tuesday 
night. 

.. t's face it, our forefather 
didn't give a hoot about our 
foremo thers . We began our 
country with a flawed demo-
cracy, that did not recognize 
the rights of women or slave , .. 
Abzug tol d an enthusiastic 
audience of 300 in the Mande-
ville Auditorium. 

Wearing her characteristic 
hat, the former New York 
Congresswoman continued to 
say the women ' movement is 
important as it is " dynamic" in 
the mid t of a quiet country. 

" The women's movement is 
going on in every American I 
home, affecting every man and 
woman," he said. J 

" I ' m not advocating that. 
women act alike or look alike. l. 
But women have had to gather I:: 

(Plea e turn to page 6) 

'campaign until the fir t 
election day. 

After hearing the two 
candidates appeal their case 
yesterday afternoon and 
deliberating over dinner, board 
members announced at 8: 30 pm 
they had throwq out three of the 
alleged campaign code viola-
tions, considered the two more 
to be only minor infractions and 
that though the candidates had 
exceeded their $75 campaign 
pending limit by more than 

$16, they said this one major 
infraction d id not warrent 
disqualification. 

In their ruling, board 
members noted there was 
much discrepancy between the 
evid nce presented by the 
Elections Committee and the 
defense offered by Thalheimer 
and Amos, but tbat, according 
to their written ruling, • 'The 
court is compelled to assume 
the innocence of the candidates 
until there is enough evidence 
to prove them guilty." 

The board ' s decision was 
to penalize the two candidates 
by requiring them to take down 
all their major campaign 
banners by 9: 00 tonight and to 
refrain from any campaigning 
until 10: 00 am Tuesday. 

The board warned that any 
further certified violations 

• 'The students can now see 
that the charges that were 
brought us were unfair 

not sai.d. 

Both Thalheimer and Amos 
said last night that though they 
were happy to be back on the 
ballot, an appeal in the courts 
was being considered. 

" Right now the tudents love 
us. We know that we are a head 
in the race," Thalheimer said. 

Thalheimer said that if the 
two 10 t they " would give a lot 
of thought" about challenging 
the validity of the elections in 
court. 

Elections ommi ioner Lori 
Dority aid las night , " Of 
course I don 't agree but I think 
that the board gave the decision 
a lot of thought and were as fair 
as they could be in reaching 
their deci ion." 

ACLU charges San Diego Pol ice harrassment 
• • • . didn't know the exact address. (Wilham Kola~der) reports to the C!ty Student Jailed fo r "pu bile dru nkeness" "One officer (later identified as Rich mana~er, who 10 turn reports to the city 

by Steve Gould 
When UCSD student Frank Guzzardo 

was ·arrested early last Saturday 
morning by San Diego Police for 
violating criminal code 647F ~ public 
drunkeness - he became another 
statistic in one of thi county' most 
unpublicized yet serious law enforce-
ment problems. 

According to Fred Scholl , chairman 
of the American Civil Liberties Union's 
Police Processes Board, Guzzardo was 
one of thousands of citizens arrested by 
San Diego Police " for no apparent 
reason except to hassle people." 

Guzzardo was arrested, booked at 
County Jail , fingerprinted , photo-
graphed and given a thorough body 
sea rch . In all, he was detained ten hours 
befor being informed charges against 
him were dropped and he wa free to 
leave jail. 

Th San Diego Police Department 
now has a dossier on Guzzardo , 
information which is sent to the FBI in 
Wa hington . Guzzardo's photograph 
will appear in police mug shot books 
around the city, making him uscepti-
bl to any crime commited in San 
Di go . Any tim a victim of a rime 

gives the police a description of a 
suspect which resembles Guzzardo, he 
can be called in for a line-up. 

Peculiarities 
The arrest , which appears to be 

perfectly legal , had several peculari-
ties to it. 

At the time of his arrest, Guzzardo 
was not read his rights. He was not 
notified of the charge until at the 
booking desk several hours after the 
arrest. Even though the charge was 
public drunkeness, no breath test was 
administered to determine if Guzzar-
do's alcohol level in his blood exceeded 
.1 percent, the legal definition of being 
drunk . 

On Tuesday afternoon, Guzzardo 
gave this account of the incident to the 
Triton Times. 

" I was righ t orr Mi sion Blvd. in 
Mission Beach looking for a friend ' 
house at approximately 2: 30 am. I 
crossed the street when a police 
ambulance van pulled up. They put a 
light on me and asked me where I was 
going. 

.. After explaining to them (the 
two officer) I wa goina to a friend's 
house, they a ked m who the friend 
was and wh r he lived . I told them I 

Alvirnez; his partner was James P. co.uncll ... If they (the S}?PD) make a 
Jones) started to giv'! me bullshit and mlstake, they cover up. . 
act snotty I gave them my ID as they Scholl went on to explam how the 
request d' and told them my correct SDPD can perform these arrests. " The 
address was in La Jolla (Guzzardo 647F works without any type of breath 
moved to La Jolla last April from the test. The per on i jailed, held and 
Venice area in Los Angeles) . released. It is done to has Ie people." 

• 'One cop got out a form and asked me No te 'or rigbts 
my social security number. When I Even though a ~7r i for pu~lic 
refused to tell him. he grabbed me by dru!lkeness , Lt. WIlham Hotchkl s , 
the arm and told me I was under arre t. actIng Watch Commander at the 
I told him 1 had just had surgery on my Mission ~each. Pr .cinct , said, "l':lo 
arm but he ignored that. The called a breathallzer I given for ~ubllc 
squad car ... I was taken down to County drunkenes . Breath tests are gIVen to 
Jail ." drun~ dr iver and p 'r on "who 

Scholl said this pattern is typical of committed a robb ry or murder 
most 647F arrests. Asked why Guzza ~do , ~ ta rc 

"Attitude problem" photographer for th Ttit.)~ Tim ,or 
Scholl, a case worker with the ACLU the.oth~rarre t e w.er lIo~mfo,r;m d~f 

Cor 15 years (Scholl hold an MBA in their rIghts, Hotchki Ita ,~, Pubbc 
business and is a clinical psychologi t) drunkene s d~s not entaIl a verbal 
aid, " Police parlance calls this an exch.~~g 0 rIghts do not h v to 

attitude arrest. I have heard thou and read. . ... 
of these ca es inc I've been with th SDPD PublIc InformatIOn OffIcer Bill 
ACLU." Robin on aid in tho ca e of a 647F 

He continued to empha iz that arrest, " You at talkmg about a r on 
although the problem of 647F and . who can't walk , tand or ev n 
647Es (failure to identify) is rampant. under tand what th right are, 0 th y 
it ~oes unnoticed. " n Diego ha a don 't bother. It' a gr y area. If th 
umqu problem. There i no need for arrested per on i in thi condition , 
review (of complaint). Th police are th r d n't h to an e chang .. 
virtually autonomous. Th oolic chief (PI turn to pal' 



... 

,...2 \ 
Opinion 
TT e~dOrsements 

Vice-president 
Ann Carberry 

Comm. of External Affairs -
Jim Lofgren 

Comm. of Communications -
Bill Friedman 

Vice-president: We endorse Ann Carberry. Over tbe past four 
years. s be bas worked extensively in student government in var-
Ious capacities, and has demonstrated a strong knowledge of both 
the way tbe university works and tbe way &0 get things done within 
its structure. Tbe vice-president. as cbair of tbe AS Council, bolds 
tbe most important position as far as making the council work is 
concerned. Carberry, with her experience within tbe university 
and working with students, is the best candidate. Of tbe otber 
candidates, Bill Silva is easily the most qualified. He bas good 
experience working with students as a Muir College HA and, 
though he does not have nearly the overall experience Carberry 
has, he should work within the AS next year. 
Commissioner of External Affairs: We endorse Jim Lofgren. In 
the past year as Commissioner of Appointments and Evaluations, 
he has shown himseU to be an energetic and intelligent council 
member who should do an able job representing UCSD students on 
the statewide circuit, 

Commissioner of Communications: We endorse Bill Friedman, 
He has strongly defended the right of all campus media &0 be 
independent from control from the student government. 
Moreover, he recognizes the right of the Triton Times to be 
completely free from any form of coercion from the government, 

TT presidential endorsements will appear in Monday's paper 
along with a list of the endorsements made during this week, 

Unsigned editorials (thol>e appearing in bold-faced type on the left side of 
the opinion pa~e) represent a majority opinion of the Triton Times 
Editorial Board, which is comprised of Epito! Alan Russell, Senior editor 
Mark Stadler, Managing editor Ran Anbar, News editor Laura Richter, 
Associate News editors Andy Schneider and Reed Alpert and Assistant 
Managing editor C indy Heffron . All signed material and artwork 
.represent the author's, or artist's opinion, and do not necessarily reflect 
the lIiew~of the Triton Times. 

Mark Stadler 

triton times 'rldilr. AprIl" 1171 
Letters to the editor 

Friedman has no ulterior motives 
Editor: 

Bill Friedman, a good friend of 
ours, is running for Commissioner 
of Communications. We feel that he 
is by far the besl qualified 
candidate for many reasons. 

Unlike JrutIlY of the candidates, 
Bill has no ulterior motives. He is 
not on a power trip and is not a 
"resume robber." In other words, 
he Simply wants to serve the UCSD 
community, not pursuing any kind 
of personal gain. 

Having knbwn Bill , or Romboff, 
as we call him, for two years, we 
know that he is honest, hardwork-
ing and energetic. Best of all, Bill 
has a feeling for the Reeds of 
students. 

When he lived in the dorms , for 

Gaines Burgers, Muir meatloaf and 
the like .) 

At any rate, this is an example of 
Bill's problem solving ability . More 
importantly, this scenario argues 
for something that he will 
accomplish as Communications 
Commissioner, namely , the 
establishment of a humor maga-
zine. 

Unlike many other universities, 
UCSD has no publication tailored to 
the needs of tbe scores of George 
Carlins inhabitilli this campus. 
Everyone can use a little comic 
relief on tbis campus. 

This is evidence of Bill 's general 
attitude. He wants to make UCSD a 
more survivable campus, which is 
why we feel that he will probably 

accomplish most of his objectives 
concerning the radio station, on-
campus housing, co-ops, and the 
rest. 

So vote for BllI Friedman for 
Commissioner of Communications. 

BRIAN ZAIDMAN, 
SHERRY SINGER. 

ROBIN WEISBERG. 
ALEX BASKIN, 
RUTH JACOBS, 

LARRY HARRIS, 
BRUCE NAPELL. 

E.M, STAIRS, 
KEVIN C, ECKERV, 

PAMELA L, WERTHEIMER, 
KATE DONNELL, 

SUSAN ZNEIMER, 
TAMIA BUCHMAN 

example, he immediately recog-
nized that food served in the 
cafeterias was in direct violation of Tempereau exceptional 
several international human rights 
declarations. He focused his efforts Editor: 
to make the food edible on the We are writing to endorse the 
Fourth C9llege mess hall , the only candidacy of Margot Tempereau 
restaurant in history to receive a for Commissioner of Academic 
negative five star rating in the AAA Affairs in the upcoming ASUCSD 
tour book. elections. We are familiar with Ms . 

Bill supplemented his crusade Tempereau and her work and feel 
with bagels . When he went to Los certain of her ability to perform 
Angeles for the weekend he would exceptionally in that position. 
return with a huge sack of bagels. As co-workers, we have had the 
These bagels saved us from opportunity to cooperate eXlen-
starvation between meals. (Bagels sively with Ms. Tempereau in 
being an excellent way to settle supplying tutorial and counseling 
one's stomach after eating Alpo, support for students in the 

Lofgren endorses Topkis 
Editor: 

As .this year's Commissioner of Appointments and Evaluations, I am 
aware of the duties of my office, and of the time and experience needed to 
fulfill them . It would be impossible for anyone to walk in off the street and 
take over the job without any previous training. For this very reason, I took 
it upon myself to train anyone who was interested in running for the 
position so that he or she would be able to do an effective job once elected. 

Of those who have worked with me during the past months, only one 
stands out as being capable of handling the responsibilities. His name is 
Bill Topkis. , 

If the AS is ever going to become an effective and responsive student 
government, then it needs people like Bill Topkis who have shown that they 
can do the job. 

Neither of Bill Topkis' opponents have any experience working with 
Appointments and Evaluations. I only shudder to think of what we would be 
in for should one of them get elected instead of Bill Topkis. 

I strongly urge you to vote Bill Topkis for Commissioner of 
Appointments-and Evaluations. JIM LOFGREN 

AS Commissioner Appointments and Evaluations 

History / Third World Studies 7 
sequence. As a tutor for the series, 
sbe has worked diligently and 
skill[ully and has brought to her 
work with students a rare 
commitment that has been 
indispensable to the successes we 
have had with students in the class . 
As graduate students in history we 
have benefited additionally from 
the energy and tafent she has 
brought to her work at CAPE as 
well as to the TA Advisory 
Committee. 

As a student, Ms. Tempereau is 
brilliant , energetic , and creative. 
She is quite simply one of the 
brightest and most talented people 
we know. During her own time as a 
student ' in the HistorylTWS 7 
sequence, Mr. McEvoy found her to 
be easily one of the best students he 
had ever worked with. 

A a personal friend, Margot is 
sensitive , reliable . and great fun to 
be with . We have found her to be a 
dependable ally on many occa-
sions . She ha never let us down. We 
feel trongly that she is the 
candidate best qualified for 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
and deserves election to that post 
by a wide ma rgin . 

SUE STANFIELD, 
ARTH R F . McEVOY 
Department of Hi tory 

Bread and circuses main campaign issues 
The evidence is in, the circle interviews, the candidates are 

complete - student govern- saying that government exists 
me nt, at least here, will soon be only to do pleasing, simple 
working within a whole new things for the student body. 
framework. From the cam- For instance, one vice -
paign talk of this year's presidential candidate, Rachel 
candidates, it is apparent next Cohen, says in her campaign 
year's AS will be concerned statement that government 
with a ' whole new set of issues. exists only to keep the students 
On-campus , quality of life happy a nd so, as vice-presi-
issues. dent, she would insure the AS 

This year's candidates - for sponsors a dance, party or 
the most part - are talking concert every week. 
bread and circuses. That's it, And the most visible candi-
pure simple: Pabulum for the dates - at least until they were 
masses. Whether talking with disqualified late Tuesday -:- Ed 
students around campus, or at ThalHeimer and Daniel Amos, 
Triton Times endorsement both say student government 

should only be concerned with wouldn't surprise me . that, if 
issues "practical" to students. this year's candidates thought 
To ThalHeimer and Amos, students wanted to burn the 
practical means such things as ' Student Center, three-quarters 
disco on campus and other of the candidates wouldn't be 
social life concerns. Unprac- going around advocating it. 
tical means anything - like If it would do any good , 
students on tenure committees someone might want to inform 
- that the AS doesn't have any this year's woulst-be politicos 
direct control over. that the role of government, 

Even if ThalHeimer and even on a college campus, is 
Amos stay disqualified after more th~n providing dances 
the court action tbey will try and parties. Student govern-
there are ple~ty of othe; ment s hould intelligently and 

diligently represent its 
constituency to the administra-
tion and allocate student fees in 
an equitable manner. It bas 
more of a role than reflecting 
its own twisted ideas of student 
opinion - it should work to 
educate the students as well. 

candidates to carry tbeir 
banner of " give the people 
anything they want to hear." It 

Another trend evident from 
this year's candidates ' spe-
eches is in emphasis on issues, 
from off-campus to campus 
concerns. When they aren't 
mouthing platitudes about the 
Beer Pub, discos and party 
tapes , the candidates are 
concentrating almost com-
pletely on campus issues like 
tenure, quality of teaching and 
the status of the Communica-
tions Program . 

In years gone by , potential 
student leaders wouldn' t have 
been caught dead with com-
pl etely campus - oriented 
platforms , The important 
issues were American military 
involvements , the CIA's 
conduct and involvement with 
universities and university 
holdings in places like South 
Africa. . 

This s hift is reasonable. It 
matches the apparent shift in 
the concerns of most s tudents , 
from social activist , I-can-
save-the-world ideas to job· 
oriented, me first, me second 
and me too ideas. Students now 
concer ned primarily with 
getti ng an education that will 

lead to a job are bound to care 
more about directly education-
al issues than with "seconary" 
issues , 

Many of the formerly hot, off-
campus issues, along with not a 
few current campus issues , 
have been relegated to the pile 
known as givens. This is where 
the issues that no one can be 
against - the mom, apple pie 
and the flag issues - are 
tossed . Candidates mention 
these issues toward the end of 
their campaign literature, if at 
all, or during their talks if 
anyone brings the topic up. No 
one this year is going to base 
their campaigns on UC in South 
Africa or CIA on campus ... but 
no one is going to come out 
against such things, either. 

What the candidates are 
building their campaigns on 
this year is quality of life . This 
is an important issue - UCSD 
should be a nice place to go to 
school. Moreover, it is a good 
issue. The people who need a 
good on-campus social life are 
those who life here - the dorm 
students. And as has been noted 
in this column before, the dorm 
students are t he people who 
vote in the largest number. 

But quality of life is a broader 
topic than social life. Quality of 
life includes academics . After 
all, people don ' t come to UCSD 
primarily for the social life. 
Good teaching, a good educa-
tion, is just as important to the 
quality of life he-re as is 
partying. Maybe more so. 

The candidates this year are 
working on a too narrow scope 
of issues. Just because 
candidates for national and 
state offices can campaign on 
"essentially meaningless 
platforms and Issues doesn ' t 
m an candidate here shoulli 
be allowed to get away with 
such nonsense. Life i more 
than bread and circuses. 

'rider. AprIl 21. 1171 triton times Page 3 

Interviews with AS presidential candidates 
Interviews conducted By Triton Times staff writer Eric Jaye 

John Jenke 
TT: What is your platform? 
JENKEL: I'd say that really it's not so much my 

platform, but our platform. Margot's (Tempereau) 
and Ann's (Carberry) and mine. It weighs pretty 
heavily on academic issues, which seem to be the 
more important issues right now. The questions of 
tenure for professors and the question of the 
Communications Program and undergraduate 
research funding. There is also the quality of life 
issues. Just sort of improving the campus 
environment. A lot can be done. The Student 
Center is just starting to expand now. There are a 
lot of services that can be provided, tike a better 
box office. The Pub proposal I think needs to be 
studied a lot and put to a vote of the students. 

IT: How do you propose to have students 
represented in the tenure process? 

JENKEL: Students should sit on tenure 
committees in non-voting positions. Professors can 
make a lot of good arguments for not having 
students vote; and I can agree with them. But the 
idea is to get direct student representation, the 
direct input from students. Right now the students 
are represented by CAPE, which the tenure boards 
only glance at. If you had a student there he could 
say what students thought about a certain 
professor. 

IT: Other candidates are stressing the quality of 
life issue. Why aren't you? 

JENKEL: Weill am, but just not as much as the 
educational issues. I feel that rm here first and 
foremost for a good education. And certainly the 
quality of the campus environment contributes a lot 
to your state of mind, but still you're here for a good 
education. These education issues have waited a 
long time and I think that they should be cleared up 
first. 

IT: Anti·AS campaign rhetoric seems to be in 
vogue. As a supposed AS insider, how do you feel 
about that? 

JENKEL: I'm not sure that I am a government 
insider. The Student Center Board is pretty 
independent (Jenkel is chair of the Student Center 
Board). But frankly I don't know if I'm an insider or 
an outsider. As far as other people claiming that 
they are outsiders, I don't think that that's to their 
benefit. When you have a government that is as 
young as this one is you don't need people who are 
also training in how to run a government. 

IT: Do you see the ASgovernment as advisories 
to, or partners of, the Administration? 

JENKEL: I'd put it rdet halfway in between. 
Right now I feel what the student government needs 
to do is to learn the timits that this government has. 
Right now I think is the time to start expanding 
those limits and to see just how big this government 
can get . It means at times taking an advisory to the 
Administration, because what it means is that 
students are about ready to stand up anday what 
we want. There will be times, however, when we will 
reflect administrators policy, in which case we will 
have to cooperate. 

Mark Sindler 
IT: What is your campaign platform? 
SINDLER: It's not that it's a campaign first off. 

What I'm trying to do is insure that the other 
candidates who are running have a knowledge and 
an understanding of what the hell they are getting 
into. 

TT: What are they getting into? 
SIl'IDLER : The realities of running a 

government . Running an advocacy group, that is, 
what student government is toward the 
Administration. And being able to effectively use 

t~t . structure to implement and to voice student 
opinIOns. 

IT: What are those realities? 
SINDLER: Be specific. • 
TT: You just spoke of "the realities of running a 

government." What are those realities? 
SINDLER: More than just voicing issues and 

statements and saying that one has experience, but 
by understanding the process and mechanisms of 
student government. 

TT: Are you saying that your campaign isn't 
serious? That you don't want to be elected? 

SINDLER: My campaign is serious, at least in 
what fm trying to effect. In terms of my overall 
electability, I have made statements to the press t 
prior that have not exactly been attuned to vote 
gethng capabltity, because I want to run a very 
honest campaign, one in the sense that I'm running 
to say what I feel and not necessarily what would get 
me elected. fm reaDy not deluding myself. 

TT: So what points are you trying to get across? 

S1NDLER: Monitary basis. Without an effective 
staff structure, the AS is and can be considered, 
fairly ineffective. Without people who can do the 
research, answer telephone caDs even, route the 
mail, be there when the elected officers can not be 
there, handle information to do research, write staff 
reports and prepare the basic paper work of the 
government, very little can be done. I also feel that 
there is too much being spent in other areas such as 
student organizations. Mosl of the time those 
things that are . being put on by the student 
organizations could be done more effectively if 
money was pooled between them, if there was an 
incentive given to the organizations to raise their 
own money, and if advertising were sought in the 
ml!dia instead of relying on simple hand outs all the 
time. 

In addition, the AS shoold learn a vital lesson 
from the grad students on campus who had an 
effectIVe and legitimate government whereby they 
can use the legitimate means at its disposal and at 
the sarnz time they can use the union procedure 
whereby they can get out the massive support they 
need to effect ch.anga. 

TT: What are the priorities of the average 
student on campus? 

SINDLER: In a long term four year stretch it has 
to be the academics. That's what he's paying for. 
lhat's why he ill here. 

TT: What are your priorities? 
SINDLER: In terms 01 the government seeing 

that all the things that can be done are done. That it 
not be wasted. To see that it start on the road to 
effecting those issues that we've all been espousing 
fOf four or five years. 

Extra Income Potential 
Forever Young Skin Care Pr09ucts 

with the Pro-Moist Concept 

FOl'evel' Sli.. ~ FactoI' 47 
Hi-Fiber Pl'Oteia ~ Food S.pple __ t. 

The PRO-MOIST CONCEPT is based on the premise that the best way to 
care for and protect the skin from external factors is to ute substances that are 
found in healthy human skin. This is the haUl! on which the f_r V .... 
SId. C.n ....... ct. have bHn formulated. 

An Intelligent Skin·Care System for Men and Women ... 
DISTRIBUTORSHIPS AVAILABLE 

Contact Robin Pejsa: 459-0661 
• 

Brian Ritter 
TT: What is your platform? 
RlTJI:R: Well, basicaDy what J'm trying to do is to 

help create more of an environment here that I call a 
human environment where it encourages people to 
interact with each other. That's the main thing that 
I'm trying to do. To use the AS to get there I figure 
you have to have goals that you can attain. 

TT: What are your goals? 
RITTER: Well on my platform the number one 

plank is a jacuzzi spa, the number two plank is a no 
cost illegal substances testing service, number 
three is a weekly TG IF with the AS buying the first 
hundred bucks worth of beer, the fourth plank is to 
include fruit trees and bushes in university 
landscaping. 

TT: Are you kidding? 
RITTER: fm not kidding. The Triton limes ran a 

picture of old John Stewart planting a pine tree. 
Now why didn't he put in an orange tree that bears 
fruit twice a year? It's an evergreen tree that's just 
as pretty, if not more so, than a pine tree. 

TT: How are you going to pay for all this? 
RITTER: Well, how do they get paid for anyways? 

The bushes go up, the money comes from 
somewhere. The hundred dollars of beer works out 
to only three thousand for the year, which I 
consider is not very expensive considerin!'l that 
you're getting a weekly activity that brings people 
closer toget her. The spa can be very expensive or 
relatively cheap depending on what you go for. 

IT: Do you think the Administration would take 
you seriously? . 

RfITER: They will take me seriously because fm 
serious. This isn't a joke. I think that part of the 
experience here at UCSD is to condi~ion people to 
accept environments that de· humanize them. rm 
not saying that the administration consciously 
creates this but I think that it's an effect that they 
certainly don't try to destroy . And in subtle ways 
they encourage it . So they are going to take it 
seriously when someone trys to create an 
environment here that is sensuous, that is 
pleasurable, and that tries to break down barriers. 

TT: Why haven't you talked about academics? 
RITTER : It 's pretty obvious that the 

Administration and the faculty are not going to give 
up their poIAIer. Sure I'd like to see changes, but the 
changes have to come from a large number of 
students dead set to take some of their power. The 
AS could take a leadership role in that, but I don't 
see how we can get such a mass movement started 
without students learning to communicate first. 

TT: Any point you want to emphasize? 
RfITER: TIle main point is that I want to get 

people together to enjoy themselves. I think that's 
serious work and I think everyone is going to take 
me seriously bec.ause fm serious about it . 

Erratum 
In last Monday's paper we incorrectly headlined 

Robb Strom, candidate for Commissioner of 
Academic Affairs, as Robb Stom. TIle Triton Tmes 

ct. thil error. 

Gary Moser 

IT: What is your campaign platform? 
MOSER: What fm basically running on is 

student representation or the lack thereof. I realize 
that 70 percent of the freshman transfer before they 
graduate. I think that my team can help stop that. I 
think this high transfer rate is a result of a less than 
adequate social atmosphere. TIlere are many ways 
to combat this. Uke putting in a Pub, in the Student 
Center and perhaps a pizza place and other 
alternatives to the cafeteria food. 

TT: What about academic issues? 
MOSER: Yes. WeD, take the Communications 

Program for eKample. We know the Administration 
is against the Communications Proqr_arn. We're not 
going,o get on by fighting the Administration. We 
have to go around the Administration and go to the 
people that put the money in the program, the state 
legislature . We 've got to go through our 
representative to get what we want. 

IT: Does the AS have the resources to do this? 
MOSER: Indeed we do. There are eight thousand 

undergrads here and that means political power. In 
addition, we have the student lobby in Sacramento 
that was rated the fifth most effective III the state. 
These things have not even been attacked. TIlere is 
just so much potential here. 

TT: What else would you like to see the AS do? 
MOSER: I'd like to see the AS next year that can 

bring in a lot of people. An AS that will have a lot of 
student flow. We should go to the orientation 
programs and get people excited. Let them know 
that we have $500,000 to spend. From what rve 
seen in the last couple of weeks I think it will work. 
People want to get involved - they just don't know 
what is going on. 

IT: You said this week that you wanted to see 
2000 students in front of the Chancellor's office to 
demonstrate against the proposed parking fee 
increase. Are you advocating a return to the mass 
confrontation style of government? 

MOSER: Confrontation has not been seen in the 
last eight years here at UC San Diego. There has 
not been a cohesive student government which was 
good for the Administration, because they were 
trying to pawn off students against other students. 
Yes, l think the AS can use mass demonstrations as 
a tool of government. 

IT: You say in your campaign literature that you 
wiD "pick up the pieces." You're part ofthe AS. You 
nelped create those pieces. 

MOSER: Indeed I was part of the old AS. I was 
Gary Moser's Muir College Rep. I worked on 
several project.s, but there was no team effort. 
That's what we want to do this year. Bring in a team 
that will get things done. What I would like to see isa 
team that gets in there and confronts aD of these 
issues on a whole. I think we can confront and deal 
with the Administration and get things done, but it 
will take a team effort. 

More interviews 
Interviews with the remaining two presidential 

candidates, Ed lnalheimer and Cimarron Boozer, 
wiD be in Monday's Triton Trmes. 

Residential Apartment Rates 
FAMILY" GRADUATES 

Effective July 1, 1978 
FAMILY & GRADUATES 

Coast-Studio ..•... , .• , . , , ....• , . , .•. 5125,00 
1-Bdrm ... : .. : ... , ... ,., ....... , ... ,' 155,00 
2-Bdrm, ".,.,.,"', .,." .. , .. ,', .... 168,00 

Mesa-~Bdrm ...... , , , , , , , , . , .. , ...•. , 183,00 
Campus-1-Bdrl1l ." .•. , •. , .•. ,.,." •• , 188,00 
2-Bdrm """, .. ,.,.,.,.,.,",." .. ,' 238,00 
3-Bdrm ."." .. ".,.".,',., .... " .. , 280,00 



SPECIAL GUEST 

ROGER VOUDOURIS 
useD GYM GENERAL AOI\IISSION $6.50. 

8:00 P.M. 5.50 lIC D sllItirnh Il'i/I, I D, 
TICKETS AVAILABLE AT THE UC '0 /lOX OFFICE HIES HI 
lOa ANOTICKET N INFORAIATION 452·4559 

!78 OATSUN 
8·210 

• 

TOPICONOMY 
..... GOOD LOOK5I 
IIOW'I nil .... 10 lIlY A 
... ,,1I11III ••• lAHat 
.. wwnoay IVIIt 

---e . . . ON 01 TIle Coull",', 
'--"'" o.un F'" 

SAN DIEGO 
DATSUN 

.... & .......... 
_lIONy~~· 

UC San DielO University Events Omce 
prHCllts --.... --......... ---.... 
the 

-a string quartet and a jazz quartet making 
beautiful music together. 
Instar Productions, Inc, 

~~'iB.~tl~;-) 
PRESENTS 

THE SAN OtEGO PREMtERE OF 

A COMEDY IN TWO ACTS 

P.S. YOUR CAT IS DEAD! • wildly 
hil."o", comedy by Jomes KirkW<lOd . 
directed by Willi ..... Virch;'. Wi in New 
Yon City on Now Ye ... •• Ewe. the pi.." 
_Is the hil.iotA c:onfrontotion be-
_n .I......., Zoole •• frustrated third· 
rata actor, and Vito Antenucci, • 
bungling burp .... 

THURSDAY-SUNDAY 
- APRIL 27-IIIAY 20 

April 30, Sunday, 8:00 pm UCSD St. 52.00, G,A. 53,00 
Mandeville Auditorium UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

FOR RESERVATIONS: 234-1938 
IAl.OA 'UK PUPPfT THEATRE 

...... -.-.. .... 1 

.1:30 .1ft. CURTAIN. 

University EMnts and Aspect 

Tonlghtl 

WEEKEND 
SEAlES 

April 28 - Fri 

ZAADOZ 
DEATH RACE 2000 

1} 7pm 
$1.25 April 29 - Sat. 

BARBARELLA 
CLOCKWORK ORANGE 

Both Nights 
7pm 
$1.25 

ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW 
11:30 pm 

$1.00 
*COSTUME 
CONTEST* 

All shows in Mandeville Auditorium 
Central Box Office, 452·4559 

University Events Office 

triton times 

Arts/Entertainment. 
America's foremost satirist 

Mort Sahl: One of few angry personalities left 
by Tim Mackenzie 

Am Editor 
lack of talent and the lack of 
courage" of the majority of the 
contemporary comics, I sat in the new Old World in La 

Jolla, starin, in disbelief at the 
waitresses in black vested outfits "With Carter in the White 
and at the prices for their food . A House, the Presidency is 
hamburger and a green salad cost finally irrelevant " 
close to ten bucks! I felt outraged. / . , , 
But more than that, I was angry at "Most of the black comediaru 
myself for being angry. Then I today are lightwei,hts they really though~ of my Mort Sahl, satiri~t , are. They call them~lves new, 
comedian and all·around social but it's all the same. What's 
progessive" and realized th.at they all use rrofanity, which 
there really IS nothing wrong With can't stand." asked him about 
being angry . Ric h a r d Pry 0 r, who m 0 s t 

Sahl. who appears a!1 next week obv~ously makes use of profanity, 
at the Comedy Store In La Jolla, but IS someone I would hesitate In 
maybe one of the few angry labeling a "li,htwei,ht." 
personalities left in the world of "Pryor is obviously an angry 
show business. But at least he 
hasn't lost his sense of humor. And 
that, in itself , is Quite an 
accomplishment, considering his 
personal experiences with the 
social and political hypocrisy of 
the past two decades. Indeed, Sahl 
has often stood alone as the lone 

. wolf, using his unique brand of 
satirical humor to attempt to 
reach America ' s conscience . 
Leaning forward on his couch, he 
refers back to the, socio-political 
protests of the sixties and 
wonders , "Where did all the fury 
go?" 

The fury of the sixties may have 
disappeared, but Mort Sa hi 
continues to do what has made 
him America's top satirist. "When 
I started out. I talked about the 
news. I still talk the news," Sahl 
states emphatically . "Nobody 
works if they're not contem· 
porary." 
"Johnny Cars.on, in a 
nutshell, is everything 
that's wrong with Ameri-
ca." 

's anything wrong with that 
of humor, but Jonathon 

ters did it twenty-five years 
and did it much better, in my 
ion ." On NBC's Saturday 

crew: "That gang is all 
All they do is ridicule the 

ng class. They're dopers and 
're cruel. Imagine doing a 
about Totie Fields losing her 
What's more, they have no 

" 

ou know," Sahl said, " there's 
one comedian in Hollywood 
would knock Johnny Carson. " 
grinned, then added "except 
." " Johnny Ca rson, in a 

hell , is everything that ' s 
with America. He needs to 

Sahl has undertaken the task of 
trying to awaken the American 
public politically, fighting a battle 
against what he refers to as 
.. revisionist history. " "Television 
is a major component of revision· 
ist history and thought control. 
The same people have the same 
financial control." 

man, but he has elItist tastes that knocked." 
appeal to New York and L.A .• Dles[lite the fact that Sa hi is not 
audiences, which is very speakin~ his mind 
There's a whole audience TV's biggles, it doesn't 

Mort Sahl, as a -veteran show 
business personality, fee s 
completely at ease discussing the 
state of the art as it exists today, 
and is obviously' appalled at "the 

the costs that he's not reaching. ve affected his ability 
But Sahl did not single out black either TV jobs or good 

comedians for his attack. Quite . Many still remember his 
the contrary. On Steve Martin: es" with the crusading 
"Television is encouraging him to Putnam on local Los 
nothingness . I'm not saying programming. 

ASPECT end UEO preMftt . 

FEAR, AND LOATHING 
AT UCSD 

Dr. Hunter S. Thompson 
Tuesday, May 2nd 
Revelle Cateterla 

8:30 pm 
Adml.slon: $2.50 Student. 

$3.50 Genera. 
On .... It Bo. Offle. 
'or Info, c", 452-4559 

Rocky Horror -
Costume ContIst 

PRIZES 
Friday and SIbrdIy 

before the 11:30 ~ 
MandeYilll Audltarillll 

PHOTO 
SUPPIAIFS 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DiSCOUNT 
PRICES 
ucso IucIIIt 

NumbenAa: .... 

"George Putnam is a bankrupt 
American. Contrary to what his 
image inferred, he was not right 
wing. In fact , he doesn't have 
opinions. He was just an opportun-
ist who tried to catch a wind. When 
he left the show, it got much 
better. When we showed the 
Zapruder film (on the Kennedy 
assassination) we got the highest 
rating ever for a local program. " 
"Most of the black 
comedians today are 
lightweights. " 

Future generations will 
remember Mort Sa hi for his 
political asides and opinionated 
observations. A onetime speech-
writer for John Kennedy , he is 

adament in his belief that "the 
liberals sold-out by leaving 
Kennedy's brain splattered over 
the pavement and not finding out 
who killed him." With " Carter in 
the White House, the Presidency is 
finally irrelevant ," says Sahl, 
doing a poor job of fighting back a 
smile. 

Indeed,lalking with MortSahl is 
better and I might add more 
educational and fun than spending 
ten weeks in a political science 
class , There was only one 
statement that Sahl made that I 
might take issue with , and that 
was his remark that " I haven't 
met a young person who has been 
sexually maladjusted in ten 
years." I guess we don 't hang out 
in_ the same places. 

Pianist Ungar to perform 
'Pictures at an Exhibition' 

UCSD Music Department's tJCSD faculty ensemble SONOR. 
acclaimed Wednesday Evening In Los Angeles, he has played for 
Piano Series will come to an the famed Monday Evening 
emphatic close May 10 , 8 pm, Concert Series. Unar's interest in 
Mandeville Auditorium when establishing better University· 
Hungarian pianist Tamas Ungar community relations has led him 
plays Mussorgsky's magnificent to organize a most successful one· 
"Pictures at an Exhibition," day piano workshop for local 

In addition to that popular piano teachers . 
masterpiece, Ungar will perform The enthusiastic response of 
the "Out Doors" Suite of Bela critics and audiences h as 
Bartok, Variations for Piano by established Ungar as one of the 
Bozay and the Toccata 'by UCSD brightest and most popul ar 
composer Robert Erickson. younger pianists. In his London 

Ungar is currently completing a debut, Nicolas Soames wrote in 
term as Artist in Residence at the the Express and News: " He is no 
UCSD Music Department. He has . mere acrobat of the keyboard but 
studied extensively; in his native a musician who uses his technical 
Budapest as well as in Australia, abilities carefully ... Hopefully we 
London and at Indiana University will hear more of him. " 
where he received his Doctor of All profits from this series will 
Music Degr~. S~nce coming t go to scholarships to worthy young 
Southern Cahforma, Ungar has musicians . Tickets are $5 
perfortt:led in a !tii.ni Concert atthe General; $4 UCSD personnel; $3 
San Diego CIVlC Center and Students and Senior Citizens. For 
participated in concerts with the information call: 452-3229. 

'78 IS THE YEAR THE CHARGERS 
TURN ON THE POWER I 

... and you can be a 
part of it all as a 
CHARGETfE 

KSDO Radio and the San Diego Chargers are looking for the 
20 loveli_t girls in San Diego. 

Applications are still being taken for tryouts this Saturday, 
April 29, 9:00 A.M. in the San Diego Stadium. 

Information and applications are available at your college 
bookstore. at any: 

JACK IN THE BOX 
FOTOMAT 

SQUARE PAN PIZZA 
or at KSDO R.dio or the C ...... r. Office. 

Pllge5 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• &A •••••• , 
• • 
• • 

:' NOW ' : 
i OPEN s.no.go·.nnt i 

•

e n the NllturaiFoodswltb : Fast Food ServIce , 
Student PACIflC B£<\CH: : 1651 o-tA_nue 27(gJ760 ' 
C t VCSD:: en er Vnf __ '" Student <An. • 

DELMAR: • Hours: 11-8 M-Sat 1J30Ccrm'noDe'Mcrr48J·OI64· 
•...............•...........••............... , 

AND WOLF 6 RISSMILLER CONCERTS PRESENT 

g 3 ~im$ ..-.,-I!!II-... 1IIo..c 

INTRODUCING 

T"~ 
6DDl.. 

SUNDAY MAY 7 
SAN DIEGO SJ'OBTSABI:XA 

All seots reserved. Intinate Amphitheatre Style 
$6.75. 5.75, 4.75. 

Tickets available at Sports Arena Box Office . all Bill Gamble's Stores 
and AreflCl Ticket Agencies. Information: (714) 224-4176 

FREE PARKING AND MILITARY DISCOUNT 
PRODUCFD BY WOLF 8. RISSMILLER CONCERTS 

~"NIVERSAL STUOJOS TOUR 
.... N MCA COMPAIIY (J'{N 10 00 .. 1 LASlIOUA 3 30P'" 

STARTS TODAY' 
FIESTA TWill STATE alVARADO DRIVE-IN 
Chula Vista 422-5287 San Diego 284 · 1428 La Mesa 469·9008 

UIlIVERSITl TOWIIE CENTER San Diego 452 7766 



,.... 

~--~~ .. -------------------.---------
,,..,, AprIl .. 1171 

Police herr.ssmen •••. 
Nichols near-perfect 
for 11, T Itons fall In 12 

by Mark S&adIer 
UCSD's Tom Nicho son and USlU's Jack Sutton hooked up in 

a claasic pitchiDJ duel bere Tuesday afternoon. For 11 innings 
tbe two rigbthanders matched goose eggs on the scoreboard, 
with Sutton scattering five singles and Nicholson seven. 

Unfortunately for the Tritons, the game went 12 Innings ... and 
Nicholson's tired pitcbing ann only lasted 11. 

With Nicbolson watching from the dugout, holding ice to his 
right shoulder, the Westerners combined a single, walk and 
seeing-eye single tha t just eluded the spra wling grasp of Triton 
second baseman Dave Youngdale, to take a 1.0 victory. 

The loss, combined with a doubleheader loss Saturday at 
Redlands, dropped the UCSD season record to 5-27, with only 
three games left. Tomorrow the Tritons again play USIU, in a 
doubleheader here. Next Tuesday, they travel to Point Loma 
College, to close out the season. 

The USIU loss was especially galling to UCSD coa'ch Lyle 
Olsen and his team because twice in the early innings the 
Tritons had runners in scoring position who were picked off 
base because of baserunning mistakes. . 

Jon Fukuto picked up the loss for the Tritons, pitching the 
twelfth inning. Nicholson was almost letter-perfect in the first 
11 innings, allowing more than one USIU runner on base in only 
one of the innings. He struck out four and walked none with a 
combination of breaking baUs, fastballs and changeups which 
forced USIU into 19 groundbaU outs. 

NicholsOD was helped out on several occasions by superlative 
plays from his shortstop Rob Gramme, third baseman Carl 
Levander and first baseman Pete Wilcox . 

Of the six hits the Tritons collec ted, Gramme had three, Dave 
Youngdale two and Wilcox one. 

In the Redlands doubleheader, Nicholson picked up the loss in 
the first game, which the Tritons dropped by a 9-7 margin. 
Righthander Steve Robertson was tagged with the loss in the 
secon game, as Redlands scored three runs in the sixth inning to 
win 4-0. 

AS bash 
The AS will s ponsor its 

second Beer Bash of the year 
this afternoon starting at 3 pm 
offering free beer, soft drinks, 
live entertainment and not-so-
free pizza on the grass hump 
between the Student Center and 
the Main Gym. 

In the three hours preceding 
the bash , t he Recreational 
At hletics Department will 
sponsor the UCSD All-Campus 
Spring Carnival, also on the 
hump. 

~,.. 

Abzug ... 
(Continued from pag.e 1) 
together a s a group, because of 
centuries of exclusion, to bring 
about change," she added . 

And the movement to end 
dlscrimination against women 
must be accelerated, Abzug 
s aid . A large part of the 
impetus for acceleration came 
from the National Women' s 
Conference, held last Novem-
ber in Houston, she said. 

The conference represented 
the " first time women of 

SPE L AUTO 
Insurance Rates for 
COLLEGE STUDENTS 
INSURANCE CENTER 

276-9261 

UCSD pitc~ ... Toa Nic 
•••••• w. t ••• tr.i. 

t~rowi.s _ ........ 11 c •• 
plac. o. tlac ..... _. 
Nicltol ••• pitc~.d 11 
i •• i •••• f ••• t •• t b.n 
T ...... " qaiaet usru, t._ 
w.tc." fro_ tIM daSO.t .. 
UCSD leet 11112 ill ... , 1-0. 

d iver s e backgrounds c ame 
together to discuss their fears 
and hopes and expectations. 
Both the first ladies and, I dare 
say, the lastladies were there," 
Abzug said. 

Afte r much deb at e th e 
women a t the conferen ce 
developed a " plan of action - a 
consensus on what American 
women need and want to gain 
equal status." The platfonn 
included' planks to deal with the 
problems of almost all women, 
from all backgrounds, she said. 

Three weeks ago, representa-
tives from the conference too\l: 

The arrest report on Guz-
zardo stated, " he waa unable to 
care for hi. safety. The officers 
made the discretion that he was 
In danger to himself and 
others ." Guzzardo insiste 
vehemently he was not intoxi-
cated at the time of the arrest. 

DilCretionary power 
In every police force in the 

United States, officers are 
given a certain amount of 
discretionary power to employ 
while on thejob . HerbertJacob, 
a noted political scientist and 
researcher on the delegation of 
police authority, observed how 
the policeman makes use of this 
discretion is up to him . 

Scholl believes this power has 
been overstepped by the SDPD. 
"The police like to hassle 
blacks, Chicanos and people 
under 30 years old . The 
discretionary power is abused 
all the time, but not all officers. 
One-half are human beings, 
very conscious of human 
rights. The other half are of the 
old school of headbusting. 
These one -half are local , 
uninformed bigots . And th e 
county sheriffs are much worse 
than the SDPD." 

In tenns of what Scholl hil S 
seen , "atleast 95 percent ofthe 
people arrested for 647F or 
647E are under 30. Most are 
black and Chicano." 

Jacob also states that from 
this granted discretion , the 

their report on the status 01 
American women to PreSident 
Carter and va rious congres-
sional leaders. " And the sta te 
of women today is not good . . 
Discrimination against women 
is deep rooted ." 

Once the women met with 
Carter they told h-im , " We 
remember what you s a id 
before you came to office, when 
YOlt said you want to be 
remembered as the president 
who passed the ERA. We also · 
want you to be remembered 
that way. Possibly more than 
you do," Abzu~ said . 

p--------------------------~ : EARN $3.50/hour : 
: Full or part-time work to distribute the 1978 ~ 
~ Zip Code Directories in your own area~ I 
I ·Flexible hours around school schedule : 
: ·Work at your own pace : 
: ·Summer openings available now : 

~ ______ ~ __ Y~Z~~11Q ________ ! 

CIEE 
ANNOUNCES 
ONE-WAY CHARTERS 

TO - PARIS, AMSTERDAM, ZURICH 
$245. - From San Francisco - Los Angeles 

$199. - From New York 
• LoweSI farea to Europe! Lower than 8ud&et - StandbY! 
• Confirm your CIEE ni,hl in advance! 
• Don ' t risk lirpon stand , by! 
• Seleci (rom CIEE ' , nllionwide schedule ! 

ROUNDTRIP 
GOES 

THE FARE 
DOWN! 

• Relerve I Roundtrip with CIEE and live the mo .. t ~ 
• Combine Iny IWO CIEE n"hll 10 suh your schedule! 
• Select your own roult! 
• Fares the Slme to .11 1 European citin! 

CONTACT' C! -':E . tudi!nt T.a;cl Services 
. l: .SD StIlJ,'.lt C 'nll.T B-023 

La }l Ilia, C.llif. !Y1003 
(714) 452-0630 

Faru valid Ih,,, July 20 . 1911. E"ttfUloft pcndlftl AI approval 
20 day .dvln,c pur,h.l. required SUII LlmUtd , 

police wield power, which is 
sometimes misused. 

. 'What the police did to 
Guzzardo," Scholl explained, 
"is to exercise 24 hour justice. 
They wanted to teach him a 
lesson - to respect police 
power." 

Inlel'll.a1 jdfalrs 
SDPD has an internal affairs 

division, a review board of 
police conduct common in most 
major cities. 

While many of the alleged 
incidents of harrasement are 
reported to internal affairs , 
Scholl insists the public ' 'should 
not believe a word the San 
niego Police say." 

" Their Internal Affairs 
spends most of its time in 
justifying why the officer did 
what he did. We (the ACLU) 
don 't even deal with internal 
affairs because of this." 

In some cases, legal action 
has been brought against the 
SDPD. Scholl says, " The ACLU 
encourages reports of this 
nature to be filed . If there is a 
case, the ACLU will handle it 
free of charge. If it can't be 
litigated (due to insufficient 
evidence or merely probable 
cause to believe harrasement 
occured) , it becomes another 
statistic ." 

The statistics complied by 
ACLU are shocking. " If it is 
reported to Internal Affairs ," 
Scholl stated , " it is ignored. Out 
of every 25 cases, only two are 
ever followed through." 

Although almost SO percent of 
the cases are litigated, the 
a verage settlement is onl)L$700, 
Scholl pointed out . "We have 
just two attorneys handling 
these . A regular lawyer 
wouldn ' t touch this type of case. 
The settlement is too small ." 

, .~ ......... -.............................. .......... -' ...... ....... ' 
I ~ }COMMUNITYf 
.,BLooD BANK! 
I i i 9831ndl. : 
! 327 F Street / 
i PAYSDONORS i i 1 
, for Service I,:: 
( Mon.· Fri. 
I 233·5481 / 
: 234·4601 : L-..._ ......... _ ....... _ ......... __ .. ..t!_ •• _.C 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 

-LOW COST 
*CONFIDENTIAL 

·STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

·FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

FrId8y,A 21, 1171 triton times P8ge7 

Classifieds AROUND THE WORLD IN MANY WA YS! personals 
Rape and Sexu.' ,,"OIlU)1 victim .. I I'll" to lhe 
souree or thl. problem . Name. will be kept 
tonhdential Plealf contact Laura Richter al the 
Trllon Times. Phone t52,'MM or 411·_ \5/31 

Sln,lel . Couples: Enrich your erotic Iil00lyie and 
lee I sal. aboul lt Workshop ro-Ied by Dr. K.ulman 
a nd Cathy Cua<lqno. M Ed Comlortable private 
hOme. Sa.urday . April Hth. 1I: tf).4: 00 US.fIII. 
N • ....,"' ... 4&W103 1t/2111 

When do I let my Ernie Doll· -Farroh 

!ley Kid. Wanna Dance. Old Man 

6·1! nightly: New Help line: houra. Call FOCUI4S2-
..SS 

t'lnally someone who listens' Callf' ....... lIelp II ... 
(52-4455. 

Order Now! III Warren IInnual-ol peopte. ptaces . 
and a«lvllle • . Order May 1-10 01 7111 Warren 
Campus 11 .• (5/3) 

Who .... John Jenilel, Ann c.",1Jerry and MarlOl 
Tempereau~ Find out 01 Reyelle PI.za " MulrQuad 
12·2 pm today (4/ 11 ) 

GS I~ ve been waltin. lor you toaslt . Better late lban 
never. Who else would [ 10 with? LS ~4/2') 

NHd a friend ly ear· We would like to listen . Call 
f'OCUI al 452-4451 (4/ 21) 

Rachel Coben I. work In, 10 make .tudent 
,ovr.mment more eUecUve. (4/21) 

Billman , Happy S-.Da)l·,et your hair cut and let a 
job. Hope you Uke Oriontal' IODd. No Ma.""m .. 
14I28) 

Make a CarBatlo" Connection. Flowerlrams: 2" 
Msy I In lhe Revelle Plaza (4121) 

The lonnal 01 .he del. lhe lonn.' .t the del . 
lomorroW mahl we're lOin, to the (ormal at the del 
(4128) 

Kamel Karp hal no chance! They will bt drunk 
under by lhe hall of rame, and the human drink and 

ST 14/ 21) 

Celebrate Intemalional Wortlen Day! May t at 
Groundwork 8ookl4: 30 101:00. UV~ mUlic and run 
452-4242 

Ce lebrate InternaUonal Workers Day at 
Groundwork Boob with br(fad and roles. 100, 
lime InendS4i. 30 w •. 00. Cull4S2-4U2 ror mure inlo 

Exclush'e restaurant &ooIuna: rOt serious versatile 
female vlollnl.$lI CaJl295-l4fM (-S fSl 

For effeeth', re.ource allocation -no censor-
s ubstantive Ituden. political efficacy throUlh 

grt!~ter Journalistic and media cnllclsm-vote for 
Jamie Montaornery Commissioner of Communicli-
hun. 

Stephen . esq . Commun.Nuion aUt'nlPlS foiled . I 
retreat to B unable to reach the Root slah Emma 
8 14/28) 

!lllVING II HIIRDTIME ? For the beat de.1In lo",n 
on leepm, ba" ~ne'llt' or used) contact Zelda or 
Z.lmo (the uperta) (4/ 281 

Horny male needs loose woman. Will marry if 
necesl¥r)l . Phone 4$3-.2925 as lOOn aJ po ibll'l 

Ton)' B()()bee Oopl Say hi to banana (or me. J luv u. 
wutklns 

Lori DorilY your appl. pie don 'l lalle 100 nice 
Rocky Horror 

Due 10 the overwbelmiDI ioto .... 1 in lit the 10<1 .. 
Iocy dept. will be ollerln, • new coo ... _nee 
... Xl 1.11. ul".vlolence IOJ. Mandatory meeti", I ... 
• lIlnte .... ted I ludenll S • •. 7 pm Mandervllie Aud. 

Dear Dr. Will WrI,ht send you Iludents to Ihi. 
weru late ni.ht double feature picture show I 
promi.Je you I ' ll blow their mind • . Rocky Horror 

Seminar by Dr. RDC.'iIy HOmlr MD PhD IUD . 1\ 
Bedroom View of Phya6ca Mandavi lle Auditorium 
f'ri and Saturday II: 30 tickell al the UCSD 80. 
Ollie. 

Dear Mr Horror only H you can ca tch the M. Dr. 
Will WrI,hl 

Don Raud don 'l ,et bot and nustered .... a lIule 
mWitard. Rocky Horror 

for sale 
Double bed lor .. Ie. M.tt ..... one! box Iprinl"ODd 
.. firm. 10 c.1I Mnk or linn 483-3028 14121) 

64 Van, .. new tires, new ~tter .. Ju., tuned . ... 
CsIl21O-1246 (41t1) 

C.lolliC surfboard "8" More) Pope. Excellent noM 
rider t'OlIeClor ' •• pedal '30 Frill 75$02957 1511) 

Acoustie ,ujtar Takamlno 3IOS. OIewood. hard 
case. Beautiful co ndition. ' "O 755·2957 CS/U 
1973 G ... mlln ICyl. yery IOOd condillon 51.100 mile. 
1 .:J\IOf~7112(41 2111 

11171 Ca pri 2_ mi. AM / PM ca .... le Illyer with 
black inlerlor mini COnd. l3llO linn 452'- 14121) 

10. peed lor .. 1e.,. .. lr ...... lu r ... I. lront and 1111. 
lI,hll Need lube job lrom no ........ f45." c.1I _ 
-1511, 
14', Mualllni fl . • s pd. AMI I'M lIereo c .... tte In-
dash . .... ,. condo In " OUI. very low mil .... ~ 
453-8533 

housing 
Rm ror Irad male fl13. mo·ly. II~ office. I'h 
.t124 CM 52 IS U~y. 11,,11 Im medllllely. Name 
Junior. (4/.) 
l .. ulIury:JOR 111 H.I\ . low.nhou", fk'4Ir LTS» " 52-
I4r77 15111 
: .......•......•••.•...•..•••. ~ 

~NEED $ 
SUMMER 

$ INCOME? 
Call 222·2181 

Del Mur ""arh hOWle for renl lI.rtlna 101f June 4 
bedrooms. year I ........ 11(213) 49H~ .'ler7 pm 
(TBIII 

BAJII . BEACH CA81N In pVI compound or n 
Fell ... 011 Baj.·. Gulf Coaot2hra Irombotder. Greal 
beach , llIIIinc. view . SlHpulx. Fum. lZ/day (213) 
563-_ uIt lor MajoI' 14/211) 

Fern roommate wanted to live In .pacioul2 bel. rm . 
bou .. In Del Mar Z blu . IO beacb . 11 .. 11511411.1132 
141211 

Summe r Trade or Renlalla La Jolia/DeI tolar area . 
Can trade quiet 3 bedroom nat near Berkeley UC 
campu • . J Greenbaum!U Slaty·Thlrd St .. 
Oakland. II .HIt 1415) 155 · 5024 (5110) 

2 roommate. F wanted Pla)lmor Cond':lt near 
UCSD. Own ronm Pl'IQl Gall Saudy 45.7073 early ' 
am or eve. (5/17\ 

travel 
BOOK ON CAMPl'S J':urvpe. HawaII and ew 
\ ark Churter FllablS CIEE tudenl Travel. 
Student Crater B~ ~ weekdays 12-4. Call 452-
0S30 (lit) 
DIVERS· Channellslandl "'atlrlp Memorial Day 
wHkend. wISeaDue«rs. 51111 up al Scuba Office 
4&3-_ \4/11) 
C1EE an nouncel new. a pproved ONE· WAV 
CHARTERS' Confirmed 1t.1Ican now bebooUdto 
Pan., Amsteordam . Zurich! P riCf:1 be,m at $245 
from San rraocllco/Loi Anae1ee , '1" from New 
Vorlr.. l'Iyln& round-trip the pri ..... l ooS down wbtn 
you combine any two C1EE fiI,htl that lUit your 
schedule! Select your own roule-! COme lee us at 
CIEE Siudent Travel Services UCSD Studenl 
Cenler JI.GZ3 La Jolla. CA _ (714) 452.f1113O. Open 
weekdaYllrom 11..3 . ITBAI 

services 
Prol .. ai .... , Typi",. IBtoI Selectric. ExpeNn"",,. 
ThHet. maoullCripII. ",porta. Solana Beach, Gall 
"1 ·7S40 (MilS) 

Tyvinl-expt:neoct."d. relidblt reasollublt' IBM 
Curret-' tlng S~leclnc. C.JII anyl1me "5S-olt7. Mrs. 
Ollis 16/ 9, 

TYPINGI IBM lectrkterllll)i.I. ~ rs,lhele'l , PhD 
dlsser1aUom. edlunes. RISllJ(IH '" 45.3-0656.560 
1171 . 2"4936 '~2 · 11\8I1I1I1 

Guitar LeUOftl: Folk. modem, clauK'al on campua 
Iocallon. Call 455-,.,. (SI!) 

wanted 
Wanted Dependable aDd rtliable atudent. 81 live-In 
help lor lamily IIvl", in Enclnllas: dutle 10 Include 
houRkeepinc and aipervi ion oftwooktHehildren. 
Private ... ito, me.I •. 1Ie.lbl. houra. lelep/lone. 
three w ks paid yacallon annually and salary. 
Send rHum< and pho.o 10' T. OlllOn, ,.8 Willow 
Sprlnp Drive . Enclnllal . II 92024 . 14121) 
WA TED' John Jenkel . linn Carberry ' More;" 
Tempt'reau \tOle May 2" 3. It rrwk a dlHerence 
(Sill 

Wanted. German apeakina: rrau~n to help poor 
LIIIIO studenl. No pay bul lun. Call 411·1558 Krt. 

Free luncb to nyoDe providi"l me wflruoondJvinl. 
etc. in HawilJi . Bruce 452.0tS3 ev, p tryinl 

I W liNT VO If you need a primary or IUwlemenlal 
I""""e. TotaUy flexible hoUri with Income limited 
only by quality or.ffort upended NO .a'" work. 
San Oielo resideD'" onl),· Paladena area rr ldeot 
OK. Call P.ul lor Interv,jew 171 4) 453-11533 (5/3) 

lost & found 
LoIt dk.. rree-n Adidal Iweat jackel left at Muir N. 
Field 4/ %1 U lound pi .... ",Iurn! 45Htn Jo 

found ~'elIuIl lop. To claim call 453·724$ alk ror 
Howard 

Loot: blue .. ,old "~pinc bo,'rom ArlO Illound 
call 4»-9562 or brin, to ArlO 661 

Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
trat'el directory ever published. Over 5000 
charters listed, escorted tours, air/sea 
cruises, mini vacations. . 
Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1·(800) 
821·2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

... Client Protection 
Vnited California Traveline, Inc. 

Fabulous 
HAIR-OFF 

New to-second miracle 
removes unwanted hair 

aad roots from face, 
underarms 

No wax to heat 
Just press on, pull off. 

Village Beauty Supply 
737 ~ - 459-0722 

111 the V.Rage P'laza WIth the SouP E_c:hange 
F," P.~1f'I9 

M.Th. 10:01).5.30 Fn. 10-00 1-00 Sat· lfl:OO.S 

Small organization has 
openings tor ~ung executives. 
good futu~ sa\isfadion. 

We're the Coast 
Guard. 

We may be small 
(about 37,000 strong) 
but our jobs are some 
of the most important ones in the country. 

As you probably know, we're in the business 
of saving lives and property. . • 

But we're also charged with protecting our 
coastlines, our Great Lakes, our waterways. 
Regulating the new 2QO-mile fishery conservation 
lone. Intercepting narcotics trafficking. Monitor-
ing the vessels that come a nd go at al l of our 
major ports. 

Big jobs. Requiring top people. 
That's why we need good, qualified, ambi-

tious men and women. 
Pul,...I.ch.lor's 0. •••• work. 

We're especially interested if you have a 
technical degree- in engineering, science, mathe-
matics, or computers. We've got the work that 
takes your special talents and skills. 

Once you finish officer's candidate school -
18 weeks in Yorktown, Virginia - we'" give you a 
job with responsibility, You work with the most 

advanced equipment 
and technology 
known. It's good 
work , good surround-
ings, with men and 

women of your talent and abilities. 
1he ber.efib. And the rewards. 

A starting salary of over $1 o ,(X)() that can 
increase by over 40% in your fi rst three years with 
normal promotion and seniority raises. 

Free medical and dental care. A quarters 
allowance. 

Tuition assistance for off-duty education. 
Thirty days of paid vacation a year. 
And a generous retirement plan for those who 

make the Coast Guard a career. 
Plus the reward of performing in an organiUl-

tion that is considered the very best in the nation_ 
~ . ....,. 

See your college placement office, or call 
800-424-8883 toll free for more information. 

The Coast Guard needs officers. What other 
company will make you an officer and g ive you 
a job fitting your title after 18 weeks'? 

Oar Repn .. atative wiD C t G d Oc.s. be .ere 5/5/78 ADS ~18Ir 



...... triton times Frider. AprtI2I. 117 • 

@19n MIll r Brewing Co . Mrtwaukee. Wis 


