
BOil result of studentiniliative Volk files assauli, 
battery charges Student loan bill before Senate 

by Louis Pearl 
Staff Writer 

A student loan bill that would 
require all banks that receive 
deposits of state funds to 
maintain a college student loan 
portfolio is presently beihg 
evaluated by the California 
Senate committee on insurance 
and financial institutions. 

The banks would be required 
to have a student loan portfolio 
equal to at least four percent of 
the amount of state money on 
deposit. According to the bill 's 
sponsor, Senator Alan Robbins, 
this would generate approxi-
mately $100 million for student 
loans. 

The UC Student Lobby, in 
as ociation with the Student 
Body Presidents CounCil, has 
decided not to take a position on 

the bill . The lobby won't 
support the bill because they 
think the penalities in the bill 
make it ineffective. 

.. Attaching rules and regula-
tions such as the four percent 
student loan stipulation to state 
deposits makes the deposits 
unattractive to banks who 
would rather not take them .. 
said student lobbyist PhyliiS 
Smith. 

The lobby will not impede the 
bill 's success though, because it 
was the result of a UCLA 
student initiative and was co-
authored by a group of UCLA 
students headed by Deanne 
Kanenaka . 

The lobby came out against 
the bill for two reasons. The 
first is because of the ineffec-
tiveness of the penalties that 
would be levied against banks 

in violation of the bill . The 
second is that there are too few 
banks receiving state depo its. 
The state's largest bank Bank 
of America, receives no state 
monies at all. 

The lobby and Kanenaka 's 
group will get together before 
the April 30th Senate commit-
tee hearing date to discuss 
amendments to the bill. The 
amendments would make the 
initiative a more profitable 
'proposition to the banks 
involved. 

Berry must answer by April 28 
by Steve Gould 
Sports Editor 

Azusa Pacific College basketball player Mike Berry has until 
next Friday to appear for arraignment on misdemeanor assualt 
and battery charges filed by UCSD's Peter Volk or he will be 
formally arrested, the Triton Times has learned. 

A crim!nal complaint signed by Yolk stipulates Berry must 
present himself before a San Diego municipal court judge prior to 
April 28 on the accusation he punched Yolk in the face during a 
basketball game February 25. 

Originally, Azusa head coach Cliff Hamlow and Azusa Pacific 
College were named in the complaint but charge against Hamlow 
and the school have been dropped. 

San Diego Assistant District 
Attorney John Hulicker said if 
Berry does not appear for 
arraignment by the prescribed 

::l date, "a bench warrant for his 
1 arrest will be issued and 
i carried out by San Diego 
;;, Mar halls." 

Harder to graduate? i f Complaint delayed ! Hulicker also stated the 
complaint was II all ready to go 
on April 11 , but because of his 
injury, Volk had to take his final 
examination from last quarter 
two weeks ago," and wa 
unable to sign the complaint 
until last week. 

Berkeley tightens requirements 
UC Berkeley, in an effort to 

stem what many see as a 
decline in the quality of 
educatio n , has decided to 
tighten the graduation require-
ments (or future liberal arts 
tudent . 
Under actions voted by the 

faculty of the college of letters 
and science, students majoring 
in a number of liberal arts 
studies would be forced to take 
increased amounts of foreign 
language and mathematics . 
Liberal arts students will also 
be given fewer options in taking 
other courses to (ulfill require-
ments outside their major. 

The new requirements will go 
into effect for those freshman 
entering the university in the 
fall of 1979, and for transfer 
students entering in the fall of 
1980. 

Berkeley's action falls in line 
with a national trend to stiffen 
academic requirements that 
were relaxed during the late 
1960s and early 1970s. This 
tightening of requirements 
negates those " gains " by 
st udents who worked for 
greater freedom in choosing 
the course of their academic 
ca reers . 

Requirements necessary 
High-ranking Berkeley 

officia ls claim the recent 
moves are necessary citing a 
study of the graduating class of 
1975 which showed that the 
relaxation in requirements had 
led to a situation of students 
being " very narrowly ed-
ucated." 

Also pointed to was a study of 
the undergraduate curriculum 
at most US colleges and 
unive rsities <fone by the 

arnegie Foundation for the 
Adva ncerrpnt of Teachinll . 
whic h showed a decline in 
education through the " lessen-
ing of requirements." 

In a recent speech, Roderick 
Pa rk, UC Berkeley provost and 
dean of the college of letters 

nd science, spoke about the 
earli r relaxation of academic 
tanda rds came about, saying, 

" Many faculty were intimi-
date d by ideological and 
politica l forces and abandoned 
lh ir r pon ibility to educat 
t~ young about mankind , our 
hi tory, our institution and 
bout our per eption of th 

biologica l and physl al world 
around u ." 

Donald Swain , academic 
vice-president of the University 
of California, was quoted as 
saying that other UC campuses 
"a re considering additional 
requirements ... 

In the ca of the coB ges at 
UCSD, there doesn't seem to be 
such a move afoot, because, in 
the words of one administrator, 
" We never backed off on our 
requirements ... 

II in the future there is a move 
to strengthen requirements, 
such would have to be discussed 
and approved by the college 
faculties . 

TheM poeten were diecovered in traehcan in T enaya Hall. 
The Jenkelelate poetere were on the eeventh floor ; the Moeer 
elate poeter wae on the firet floo In addition, eeveral 
Thalheimer elate poetere were found in a traahcan outeide 
PAGE ONE. Aeked for comment, Jenkel eaid, "Pretty much 
everything we put up Sunday wae torn doWn." 

Stanfo rd trustees vote to 
oppose S. Africa expansion 

The Stanford University t~o large, American cor~ra· Afric.an g~vernment , .it · ~ 
Board of Trustees voted last tlOns , US Steel and Union agencies, or 'any corporatIOn" 
week to oppose the expansion of Carbide, in ~hich Stanfora in South Africa . 
US corporations in South Africa holds respectively 2,400 and 
until that' country abolishes its 59,000 shares of stock. 
policy of racial segregation The second action by the 

The proposal was too broad 
for the board , who instead 
moved to send a letter to th 
Bank of America opposing it~ 
loans to the South Africa n 
government. 

The board has also agreed', in boar~ involved a B~nk of 
a series of stock proxy votes to Amenca proposal opposmg any 
oppose loans by US corpo'ra- new loans or renewal of the 
tions to the South African bank 's loans to the South 
government. 

While UC has rarely made 
any gestures which protest 
South African government 
policy, many other universi-
ties, including Stanford, have 
made the limited attempt to 
send letters to corporations 
criticizing or showing concern 
over the inequitable treatment 
of the races. 

Total divestiture by US 
firm, which has long been 
demanded by students at 
Stanford and UC, is not in the 
offing from the board's move. 

Universities such a the 
University of Oregon and the 
University of Massachusetts at 
Amherst have decided on 
dive titure. These actions, 
however, have gone largely 
unnoticed because of the 
relatively small investment 
portfolios of the e univer itie . 

Stanford ' inv stments 
exceed $330 million, of which 
$125 mlllion includ s 59 US 
firms doing bu ine s in South 
Africa . 

The board's action will m n 
that th univcr ity. would 

upport har holder propo al 
whi h oppo. th cxpan ion o( 

Campaign violation cited 
by ric Jaye 
Staff Writer 

Presidential candidate Gary Moser was given a formal 
w.arni~g b~ the el~ction~ commission this week for a campaign 
VIOlatIOn mvolvmg hiS alleged connection with a letter 
endorsing his candidacy printed in the Triton Times. 

The lett~r, written by Revelle College RA Leslie de Berry 
appeared 1D last Wednesday's Triton Times before the officiai 
beginning of the campaign on Monday. ' 

l!~der the . AS election codes any campaigning before the 
offiCial startmg date of the campaign is prohibit d . 

Investigation 
After seeing the letter in the Triton Time the elections 

commission conducted an investigation to dete:nune if Mo r 
knew of the letter before de Berry submitted it to the Triton 
Times, according to Elections Commissioner Lori Dority. 

It was decided, said DOrity, " That Gary knew of the letter or 
if he didn't know he had ea y access to th information.'" 
. De Berry told th Triton Time ye terday that she had 
mformed Mos r ' vice-presidential candidate Bill i1va of th 
letter, but had ld nothing about it to Mo r. 

A cording to Mo r he had heard "som thing bout" the 

Berry told the Triton Times i Monday evening he had just 
I re eived the complaint in the 
;;, mail and he would probably 
i appear in court by next Friday. 
f He declined to comment on the 
l case and added, " I will have to 

peak with my lawyer on what 
to do," 

Berry punched Yolk in the 
face during the NAIA Di trict 
Three Southern Division 
regular ea on finale for both 
UCSD and Azusa . Volk suffered 
a fractured right cheekbone 
and received ten stitches alonl! 
his nose and right eye . 

Blood drive 
comes here 

tudents will have a chance 
to donate blood to help the 
UCSD Reserve Fund tomorrow 
in Blake Hall . 

All UCSD students, faculty 
and staff, plu ''''eir immediate 
familie , are covered by the 
fund which makes available 
blood to anyone in the UCSD 
community who needs it. 

A Blood Re erve Fund i 
imilar to a savings account. 

When a member uses blood, it's 
supplied by the an Diego Blood 
Bank. In order to replace the 
blood used, the user contacts 
the Blood Reserve Fund 
coordinator and gives her the 
statement from the Blood 
Bank, howing ho pital and 
number of redits u ed: A 
relea t" i nt to the San Diego 
Blood Bank a nd the nece ary 
credit are tran ferr d from 
th UCSD R serve Fund to th 
pati nt' ac ount. 

In order for 1 he UCSD Fund to 
hav credit: Cor u e by it 
members , c.lunt er mu t 
donate a pin T. of blood and 
d ignat th cr dit to the 

D Fund. In thi way th 
much n ' u bi . i U l) 
th communit nd tb credi 
cov r m mb rand th ir 
(mili for t 0 ar. 

Th bloodmobil ill at 
R v II fr m 11 am to 3 pm 
tomorrow . n on In ood 
h Ith b tw n th ag of 18 
and 65 m d nat . 



~ _ucs.DIniJ . _ 
lJnIigned editorials (thoee appearing in bold-faced type on the left side of 
the opiJ:Uon page} represent a ~ty opinion of , the Triton Tanea 
~oria1 Board, which is comprised of E"~OI Alan Russen, Senior editor 
Mark Stadler, Managing editor Ran Anbar, News editor laura Richter, 
Associate News editors Andy Schneider and Reed Alpert and ANistant 
Managing editor Cindy Heffron. All signed material and artwork 
represent the author's, or artist's opinion, and do not necessarily reflect 
the -views.ol the Triton Tunes. 

AS Elections 
With AS eleetions less than two weeks away, we'd like to detail 

for our readers how we plan w cover the proeeedinp. 
First of all, letters w the editor: to avoid the possible problem of 

a landslide of letters exwllinl the vlruies of this or that candidate, 
we will set a limU of two leue ..... per-candidate. TIIese letters must 
be no longer than 40 lines, typed on a 69-space line. Any letten 
lonler than that will be edited down w 40 lines. 

We also plan to run special pages m next week's editions whicb 
will highlight each of the campuswide AS election campaigns. 
Next Monday's special page will be devoted to the campaigns for 
Commissioner Of Academic Affairs, Appointments and 
Evaluations and Public Relations, and Program Board Cbair. 
Next Wednesday's page will center on candidates for Vice-
president and tbe Commissioner of Communications, External 
Affain and Activity Fee Board. 

For next Monday's and Wednesday's pages, we will print20-line 
statements for each of the candidates. We would like tbe 
candidates to bring their statements to our office no later tban 
Friday, at 5 pm. 

Next Friday, we will print interviews witb aU the presidential 
candidates, along witb pictures of tbe candidates. We will be 
taking pictures of tbe presidential candidates Friday from noon to 
% pm in our office. 

By publishing this information, and by supplementing it witb 
ongoing coverage of election events as they occur over tbe next 
two weeks, we bope to keep students informed aboutlhe eleclions. 

Next year's TT posts 
Over tbe next few weeks, the Triton Times win be selecting its 

editors for the next year. All editorial positions will be open, from 
Editor to News editor to Sports editor, and we encourage anyone 
wbo is at all interested in the paper to apply. 

Applications are available in our office. Applications for Editor 
and Managing editor - the two ranking positions on tbe paper -
are due next Tuesday. We will interview candidates for the two 
posts, and make final selections by Ibe end of lIext week. The entire 
staff voles for tbe two positions. 

Applications for tbe olher posls - News editor, Associate News 
editor, Science editor, Assistant Managing editor, Sports editor, 
Arts editor, Pboto editor and Copy editor - are due May 9. 
Interviews and selections will be made through tbe rest of tbat 
week. Tbis year's Executive Board will pick all of these ediwrs. 

, trItDn times 

Commentary-
University role: 

by Don Strebel 
There it is folks, ri~ht out front. No beating 

around the bush this time - a direct statement 
by the Chancellor's Special Assistant for Public . 
Information (i.e. Press Secretary) Ray 
RaJTIseyer (TT, Wednesday, April 12, p . 1) . The 
Educational Elite has plans for you! 

Mr. Ramseyer sbows great ignorance in 
confUSing the colloquial use of the label 
"liberal" with the term "liberal arts. " "It 
wouldn't be a university," he says, "ifit weren't 
liberal." Thereforehhe concludes, its mission is 
to " indoctrinate" t e students with the liberal 
doctrine. 

Don Strebel is chairman of the UCSD Graduate 
Student Council. 

Somthing profound lurks in that analysis. It 
reveals not Just the Chancellor'S manipulative 
mentality, but also the naked core of modern 
liberalism. A "liberal" must hold certain views, 
reflex responses inculcated by rigorous 
conditioning in the halls of Academe. 

For anyone unsure of the proper views to hold, 
rely on Webster's definition of liberal: Not 
bound by orthodox or generally accepted 
doctrines; independent or showing indepen-
dence in religious or political opinion. Of course, 
after you have been indoctrinated with the 
generally accepted liberal cant, you will no 
longer be liberal , but don't let that confuse you _ 

Instead, take advantage of the confusion by 
talking about a liberal arts education. "Liberal 

W ... .." AprIl 1', 1171 

to indoctrinate 
arts" is derived from the Latin arl.es IlberaleS , 
which referred to those subjects which freemen 
(tiberi) were permitted to pursue. Thus it is used 
in English to distinguish between technical or 
proCessional education (the unliberal arts) and 
the studies which compose the curriculum of 
academic education_ 

A liberal arts education , by developing 
independence a nd critical thought through 
exposure to a wide range of views in various 
academic subjects, can lead one to become a 
true liberal. A liberal education, on the other 
hand, is only a one-sided political indoctrination 
program. As Ray Ramseyer has so bluntly 
sfated, and as we all know from the 
overemphasis on Science and pre-professional 
educatIOn, Chancellor McElroy and Vice-
chancellor SaUman have chosen the latter 
course for UCSD. 

That is why, to cite one example, the abortion 
fee dissidents were. greeted with enrollment 
cancellations instead of tolerance last Fall . An 
indoctrination program cannot succeed if 
divergent views assail the impressionable 
minds of the trainees _ The university 
administration had to try to protect its program 
for promulgating the generally accepted 
"liberal" stance on abortion . 

Doesn 't it make you proud to be part of such a 
socially progressive institution? After only a 
few years here, you wiII be trained to espouse all 
the correct social views for the benefit of your 
liberal masters, without thinking. Heil to the 
Chancellor! 

Begin and Arafat - allies against peace 
by T.D. Allman 

Pacific News Service 
JimmyCarterandAnwarSadat 

now confront a new factor in the 
Mideast: Vasser Arafat and 
Menahem Begin have become 
allies - allies against peace. 

US peace effort. long have 
encountered the stifle.t opposi-
tion from the Israelis, and the 
bitterest opponents of President 
Sadat's peace initiative have been 
his fellow Arabs. But with recent 
events, the Israeli-Palestinian 
opposition to the Sadat-Carter 
peace efforts has assumed a 
pattern of synchronization. 

Before the PLO raid on Israel, 
Begin was on the defensive - both 
at home and in Washington _ 
Before the Jsrae ~ 1 invasion of 
south Lebanon, Ar;1 fl!t was also on 
the defensive-. Today, thanks to 
each other's actif'llJ . the prime 
minister of Israel add the leader 
of .the Palestin ~ Liberation 
Organization have regained both 
international and ropular support 
for their hardline j)Olicies. 

They have red rJced the pres: 
sures on each oth~ r for compro-
mise by deepenir g the Mideast 
conflict. The tern st nature of 
the PLO attack, fo r IIxample. was 
far more impo ·tllnt lor the 
opportunities it Dffered Begin 
than Cor what it accomplished for 
the Palestinians. Had the PLO 
attac ked a n Is raeli military 
position in the Occupied Terri-
tories , it would have been widely 
accepted as a legitimate act of 
wa r , a nd further undermined 
Be g in's posi t ion b y s howing 
Is rael's conquests as a milita rv, 
a well as dJ loma tic liability . 

Instead, the PLO chose to give 
credence to every one of Begin's 
assertions about the terrorist 
menace by attacking civilians 
inside Isreal 's pre-1967 borders. 

Prime Minister Begin qwckly 
reciprocated with a major 
political favor for Arafat. Israeli 
retaliatory air raids also might 
have been accepted as an 
understandable response to the 
PLO attack. But by invading and 
occupying parts of south Leb-
anon, Prime Minister Begin in 
turn strengthened all Arafat's 
claims that Israel opposes peace 
and is an expansionIst, militarist 
power. 

Certaint," 01 war 
Why should two leaders whose 

peoples have suffered the most 
from the Mideast conflict so 
oppose the peace plans of their 
respective allies In Cairo and 
Washington? 

Since 1967, the Palestinians 
have suffered far more at the 
hands of the Arabs than they have 
from thp Israelis. Jordan , 
Lebanon and Syria all have tried 
to emasculate the PLO. The PLO 
desperately (ears that when 
President Sadat sp'eaks o( 
"comprehensive peace ', it really 
is a code word for Arab abandon-
ment of the Palestinian cause. 
The PLO sees continuing war as 
the only way first to retain Arab 
support . and eventually regain at 
least pa rt of their homeland. 

One has only to vi s it Y ad 
Vashem . the memorial to the 
Holoca us t in J e r usale m , to 
unders ta nd Israe li fears . When 
four Mid ast wa r n<l Menahem 
Beg in ' s r elig io u fund a m e n-

talism are superimposed on that personally affronted President 
trauma, the consequence is a Carter by authorizing new Jewish 
preference for the certainities of settlements in the Occupied 
confrontation over the risks- of Territories . Since then. in 
compromise. Wash i ngton , 18m a ilia and 

The Mideast conflict, however, Jerusalem . BeRin has stone-
always has been a most under- walled every attempt to open the 
standable conflict. The test of road to peace. 
statemanship, under such Vasser Arafat has had similar 
circumstances. is not to resolve succesa uslna similar lactics. The 
enigmas, but to bteak down terrorist incident in Cyprus, 
hostrllties that are all too whichever Palestinian faction 
comprehensible. authorized It, was a calculated 

Jimmy Carter began soon after effort to humiliate the El)'ptlan 
he took office , by attempting what president before his own people. 
no other president had dared - a The PLO raid into Israel was a 
dialolue with the Palestinians. premeditated attempted to kill 
Behind the President's equivoca- Sadat's peace Initiative entirelv. 
tion over a "Palestinian home-- While Jarael and Palestinian 
land". US policy was cle"r. hardllne tactics have succeeded. 
T.D. Allman has written on Ihe Mideast for Pacific News 
Service, "New Times", Lhe Los Aneeles "Times", "The 
Guardian" and "Le Monele Diplomatique." His analysis of 
"The Palestinian Dilemma" a ppears in the current issue of 
" Harpu's Magazine", of which he is Contributing Editor. 

The Carter Administration 
would deal with the PLO and 
support Palestinian .self-deter-
mlDation within the -Occupied 
Territories if the PLO, in return , 
recognized Israei's right to. exist. 

When President Sadat flew into 
Jerusalem, he carried a similar 
offer. Egypt would deal with the 
Begin government, and support 
Israel's right to exist if Israel, in 
return . agreed to the principle of 
Palestinian self-determination. 

It now is clear t hat both the 
Is raelis and P alestinians have 
fa iled to rise to thcs unpr ce-
dented overtures. 

Menahem B gin . jus t a fter hi s 
fir s t vi s it to Wa s hin g ton . 

they amount to an awesome 
failure of responsible leadership 
on both sides , Had Prime Minister 
Begin been capable of matching 
Sadat's statesmanship, peace 
might truly be at hand in the 
Mideast today . Had Vasser 
Arafat arrived at the Cairo 
conference with a comprehensive 
peace plan of his own. rather than 
boycotting it . the worldwide 
pressures (or Palestinian self-
determination by now might be . 
irresistible , even inside Israel. 

Instead both leader now are 
riding hi«h on the untamed forces 
of divi ion a nd ho tility . The 
result i n w proof that in the 
Machia v lIian world oC Int rna-

tional power politics, there is no 
such thing as a reliable" client. " 
Today President Sadat in many 
ways is less powerful in determin-
ing questions of war and peace 
than the PLO. and Israel has the 
power - and will - to frustrate 
any US peace plan. 

The tragedy is that short-tenn 
succeSi for both Ara(at and Belin 
may spell lona·tenn disaster for 
both Israelis and Palestinians. 

Current PLO doctrine, one of 
short-term despair and lon,-tenn 
optimism. holds that. with Israel 
adamantly opposing Palestinian 
statehood of any kind . the 
stru"le must continue unlit 
Israel's own "contradictions" 
make a settlement inescapable. 
But this strategy risks both 
endless Palestinian defeats at 
Israeli hands , and the Arab 
repudiation the Palestinians fear 
so much. 

Current Israeli policy is based 
on short-term optimism , but it 
leads to an abyss. Prime Minister 
Beein correctly has decided that 
Israel now is both militarily and 
diplomatically supreme, and 
neither can be persuaded nor 
coe rced into a settlement. But 
each year without peace for Israel 
is another year in which the Arabs 
grow wealthier, more populous 
and more powerful; in which 
Israel's subject population grows 
larger and more resentful while 
Israel's own economic and oelal 
divisions deepen ; in which 
exasperated US policy makers 
grow more and more " even -
handed." 

Both Pre id nt Carter aud 
(Plea turn 10 page 3) 

WHnelday, AprIl 11, 1178 triton times Page 3 
------~~~~~~~~ Parking proposal seen as unfair 

EdilOr: 
The proposal to raise UCSD 

parking fees to pay for a new 
parking structure at l niversity 
Hospihil Is unwise and unfair. 

The plan does not take into 
account the financial situation of 
tbose it will affect, particularly 
student •. Most students cannot 
afford to pay S72 to Sl08 a year to 
pbrk a car. Cars are a necessity to 
most Sludents, many of whom must 
have transporLation to jobs which 
proVide financial assist.anc·f' for 
remalnin, in college. StUdents ' 
cars are not a frivolitv . 

Such fee boosts will force 
students to park on streets. causin( 
additiona l congestion. If other 
means or transportation are 
resorted to. the additional revenue 
expected from the hike will he 
drastically reduc'PfI. thus nullifying 
the proposal's intent. 

Assuming the fees are raised, the 
matter is still one which lacks any 
degree of fairness . University 
Hospital is in no way convenient or 
close to UCS D. The proposed 
facility will benefit only doctors~ 
hospital personnil , patients ana 
visito rs who will use it. Those 
should be the persons assessed to 
pay for the structure. 

It has been said that the proposal 
will benefit the entire community 
and CSD students will benefit as 
members of the community. 

However. most UCSD students 
a re from out-of-town or out-of-
state . Mo t parking fee monies 

Allies ... 
(Continued from page 2) 
President Sadat have made 
extraordinary efforts to make 
these dangers understandable to 
I raelis and Palestinians alike. 
But thi is not ju t that the 
proponent of confrontation now 
have the upper hand. but that 
peace now Simply may not be 
possible in the Mideast. 
If true, this is a situation filled 

with the gravest implications not 
merely for the Palestinians and 
the [sraelis , and for the politIcal 
futures of both Presidents Sadat 
and Carter , but for the United 
States and the whole Arab world. 

,. 

.. 

com from parents in tho s e rromadiscriminatoryfee_ 
communities. They arc paying for The proposal is discrimina tory in 
their children to park a car, not Cor th t it penalizes only thosestudetl{~ 
community benefits neither they, and starr who have cars . none oC 
nor their children, will ev r ee . ll whom have any reasonable 
is unreasonable and irr sponsible expectation of using the hospital 
to expect UCSD studenu and staff facility . 
to pay for a facility they will never For these reasons we students 
use. hope that further consideration will 

The rate hike proposal is actually lead to means other than penalizing 
us to bring about the desired 

a mandatory donation to a segment parking facility . 
of the population who will profit "IIAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 

:"" ·Ciassifi·eds:·····: 
... ... 

... ... We take classifieds .. 

.. 

•• 

• 
wee~days from 11 to 3 . ... ... 

: The Triton Tirnes, a student-run newspaper: 
.** ••• *.******** **************-

~Ications for 
Editor and Managing Editor 

(for '7tr'79 school year on the Trtton TImes) 
Du8 by Wed., April 26 

forms may t.. pkIoecI up In TT oIIlce 

SOPHOMORES JUNIORS 
FLIGHT PLAN FOR YOUR FUTURE WITH AVROC 

(Aviation Rese!Ve Officer Candidate) A Colle2e PrOETam of the Navy 
Will you start out as a professional in the field of your choice ript after college? Or 
like so many others these days, will you be forced to find just any old job until the 
one you've been educated for comes alOOf? 
Suppose on the other hand you could step invneciiately into a lOOd-paYInI ($12,500) 
to start and $20,500 in 4 years), excitillf job that you befan trainillf for (with pay) 
durill( summer vacation between your Junior and Senior years? 
This is the way of AVROC, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity waitillf for colleee 
SOPHOMORES, and JUNIORS with somethina on the ball. 
AYROC means excitement and chall8f1ie and a way to spend four to five years as a 
Naval Aviltion Officer. Travelillf, f1yill(, lainine self-confidence in a world of 
professionals. 
It's challenlillf ID qualify for the AVROC ProIram. It tatles above-averaae healtll 
(you don't need 20/20 vision), intellipnce, stamina and drive to make illlecause 
flyill( modem jet aircraft is a demandill( profession, physically, mentally and 
spiritually, you don't find any kids drivill( NAVY planes. 

YOU MAY APPlY WITHOUT I8UGAnOfl! 
For more infannation eontJct tile Navy ~flrmatian Tum far Officer Proll'ams Jt UCSD Career 
Plano ... and PIac_t OfficI. AprIJ 25-26, 10 am-2 pm. or ca. LT. John Chaikent29J.-6444. 

Discover the unique taste of San Miguel Cerveza Negra, 
Smoother because it's naturally brewed. Richer and 
darker because we roast the malt. 
Have a San Miguel Beer. And let it be dark. 

\ 



hge4 . 

JRe 09urf Jll/air 
~ 

aeatlons 
FREE 

biton times Wedn4tadiAorlI19,1171 

S orts 
Volleyball falls; -misses nali 

A pessimistic philosopher once 
said the best laid plans of mice 
and men often go astray. 

Just two weeks alO, UCSD's 
men's volleyball squad had been 
mvited to the NAIA National 
championships in Fairfax , 
Virginia . The intercollegiate 
athletic department allocated 
the needed $3500 for the trip and ' 
coach Randy Stevenson made 
plane and hotel reservations. 

Stevenson told his team, in 
spite of the invitation to the 
Nationals, they must finish first 
or second in the California 
Collegiate Volleyball Conference 
(CCVC) championships or the 
trip to Virginia was off. 

All the planning for the 
Nationals and hopes for UCSD to 
reclaim the NAIA volleyball title 
(the Tritons won it in J971) fell 
quietly apart last Friday as the 
Tritons took third place in the 
CCVC tournament. 

CSUN prevails 
UCSD suffered a 15-12, 15-12 

setback to host Cal State 
Northridge in a 11latch to 
determine which team played 
top seeded Cal Poly San Luis 
Obispo in the finals . Cal Poly 
SLO eventually woil the title, 
defeating CSUN in a best ofthree 
match. 

Prior to the loss to CSUN , 
UCSD knocked off UC Riverside 
and Cal Poly Pomona. But a 
tourney opening defeat at the 
hands of SLO forced the Tritons 

PIIiIip M ..... -d'H_pital (12), Erik Willie (11)_.1 DaWI Pea (.ltch 
.p • pilly for tile Tritoa "olley ..... tea •. 
into a semifinal match, eliminat- " We met the challenge but 
ing a guaranteed second place strongly enough ." 
finish . In the loss to North 

ReUectmg on the tournament, experience paid divi 
Stevenson said his team " played CSUN . which had four 
well but DOt well enough. We beat out of six starters . " , .. "nn,nn _ 
all the teams we expected to is the type of team to 
beat. We played very close to our e rrors ." Stevenson pointed 
maximum ability." " Our downfall was 

Stevenson blamed youth as a passing and incons isten 
major factor in tht: third place setting. This was a young 
finish . " Because we are a young and at one point or another 
team (UCSD has no seniors on our skills would have 
their roster) , we didn' t win the 'downs." 
close matches. But. we did nol Players cited 
choke," the coach emphasized. W h iI e th e T r i t o n . s 

cohesiveness at times became 
unglued , several players put out 
great performances in the CCVC 
tourney. " David Pekin played 
better than he had all year. Phil 
Me les e, John Lee and Bob 
Rho des had their usual (ine 
performances ." Stevenson 
added. 

In looking towards next year 
and back on the 1978 'season, 
Stevenson said •. 'The players are 
just now realizing what they 
have to do to win . We are still 
championship ca libC!r for a small 
school. ' · - Steve GoUld 

Women whip Dominguez Hills 
Men's tennis loses in Santa Bar ra tourney 

by Karen Hunter 
Staff Write Yamaguchi was also " impre sed lenging match against last year's the results " of the number one dOllJb leAlIQwertlol Claremont-Harvey Mudd. 

match. The duo of Heinl win, 6-3 
a tight three set match to 

triton times 

McGirr stars again 
To say that Eileen McGirr is the UCSD women's softball team 

this year may be a bit of an exaggeration. But there certainly must 
be some truth in the statement. . 

Last week, McGirr tossed a no-hitter and a shutout as the women 
posted back-to-back road victories over Chapman and La Verne 
colleges . McGirr' s record on the season is now 5-0. Not 
coincidentally, the Tritons' record is also 5~ . 

In last Thursday's game, McGirr no-hit Chapman, which was 
the top-ranked women's softball team in Southern CaUfor.lia, by a 
6~ score. The next day, she blanked La Verne. 9~ . 

McGirr wasn't the only star for the Tritons, who play again 
tomorrow on Muir Field against Pt. Lorna College. Third baseman 
Alma Edwards, for instance, saved McGirr's no-hitter against 
Chapman with a sterling defensive gem that coach Chuc k 
Millenbah called, " The best play I've seen all year." 

Other defensive standouts included Cindy Zimmerma n, Bridget 
Morley and Cynthia Maybee. 

In addition to playing sparkling defense. the Tritons had their 
hitting shoes on for both games. Both McGirr and Ma ry Jo Speer 
hit.homeruns against La Verne, becoming only the fourth and fifth 
persons in the history of Chapman's ballpark to do so . 

The Tritons are off to a flying start. and both Millenbah and 
various team members attribute that start to hard work and 
practice. 

"The drills and the practices pay off each time we play," 
Millenbah said. 

(Please turn to page 8) 

<tIn I of 1fiu malIn 
HAIR STYLISTS 
~",---"--r-"7 

~. 

Quality Hair Styling 
For Men & Women 

w. Ute ..... d Sell 

Plge 5 

~ B .. uty Products 
Bird Rock 

4!S4-61 17 

• • • • '. f. , '. ' fa . ' ' . ' • I. , '. • '. . . ' , 

FRIDAY nilE 
rL~'KI 

No one really knew. 
No one until now. 
No one until her. 

"Friday, APrfl 21st 7 and 9:30 pm USB 2722 
Central Box Office, 452-4559 

Unlvenily Event. Ollie. 
Missing the services of four of 

their top six players. the men 's 
tennis team travelled to the 
UCSB FourTeam Round Robin 
Tournament last weekend. The 

T~itons dropped the opening 
match to Santa Barbara on 
Frida y , 2 -7 , while getting 

streak one match further by 
downing Robert Earl. 6-2. 4-6, 6-
3, at number two singles. The 
second vi ctory came from 
badminton-tennis standout Joe 
Starvish, in the number five 
position, 6-3, 6 ... . 

Barbara's stronger players. l Yl"""""L U I 
The women, led by four singles ana Eria A'H_ ... t;' .. lIer .win" during it recent UCSD softball doubles victories . solidly defeated '" 

rained out on Saturday. 
John Rosenberg managed to 
exte~d hi s singles winning 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• 

i.e nudeor Navy. For physIo, 
~rnIsfTy. engIneoenng ond moIh mojors~ 

aulslng olOl'l9 !Nt botTom Is !Nt tOftSt way to the top. 
bdoy's Navy operor.5 ~!han holt !Nt feoclOl$ in 
~-- Amerk:o. Our nudeor rrolnlno proorom Is !Nt 

Juniors and Seniors may 
qualify for a 5650 per 
month scholarship for all 
or part of your senior 
year. 

best onvwn-. Artd nudeor otncer5 moYe 
rapidly rIYough 1M tonIu ecimIng 
exKVflveleY~ ~lOI1es (storr at $14. (00). 

So. lfyou'~ Iookino for 0 corHr 
onywhere In !Nt 
nudeorfteld. !Nt 

Navy con give VOl' 
m. booIr !hot will 
send you rIghr ro 

m.rop. 
'OfOl"'l_majOf 
_ 0 yeord <okuIus 

ondphyo;o. 

Contact: the Navy 
Information Team 
for Officer Pro-
grams at UCSD 
Career Planning 
and Placement 
Office April 25-26, 
10 am-2 pm, or call 
LT. John Chalker 
at 293-6444. 

Players absent 
Regular starters Paul 

Metsch, Alex Rosenthal and 
John Gerdsen missed the 
tournament for a c ademic 
reasons. Jack .Broudy stayed 
behind, recovering from a 
shoulder injury. 

Bedolla , 3 -6 , 6-4 , 6 -3 . Hein an d 
Rosenberg normally do not pIa 

Domi",w~z Hills . 6-3. last Friday. prilCtke. 

" The absence of four of our 
players certainly hurt our 
performance, " commented 
coach Tad Yamaguchi. " How-
ever, under the circumstances. 
we played fairly well. UCSB is 
supposed to be a strong team 
but I don't feel that they are 
much better than us." 

together and Yamaguchi was "qu At number two singles Lisa Winsten 
satisfied" by their performance. by her opponent. 6-1. 6-3. ad did 

• . !> rn"ln Turbow, 6 ... . 6·1 and Elizabeth 
In other doubles matches, Alparl 6~ , 6-1. Amy Goldenberg 

Kaukonen fell to their opponents. 6-2,3· the fourth singles victory. 6-2, 7-
6 , 6-2 . as did Carlson / Starvish at 
number two, 6~ , 7-5. The doubles team ofShapiro/ Winsten 

An important weekend of tennis ' ropped a three set bout. 1-6, 6-4, 6-3. 
coming up for the Tritons from April 2Ullec,ond and third doubles matches were 
23 . The team hosts CSU Bakersfie ld three set victories for the Tritons, 
Friday. They travel north on 6-2. 7-6. by Turbowt Goldenberg and 
taking on CSU Fullerton In the 6-4 . 6-2 by Glucksman/Fletcher. 
and Redlands in the afternoon . The roa he tea m fac es Reql a nds thi s 
trip rounds up on Sunday with at home. 

BE·LLA ~BZUG 
peaking on: 

International Women's Year 
April 25, 'fuHday, 11:00 p.m. l lC San Diego Box Omce: .. 51-4559 
Mandeville Auditorium peclal Group Rates on G.A., .. 51-4111 

CS D St. SI .OO, General Adm' Ion Sl.51 

Till Clauical SIudits l'!oIJam 
,..1IItS 

MORMAN O. BROWN. Proltssor of 
llumanltia at UC SII1ta Cruz. author of 
.'Itennes till Thief. Hesiod's T1Iqony". 
"life Arainst DuIh: til, Psychoanal~1 
Meaninl 01 llistoly" and "Lov,'s Iody." 
Silbject: The Lepnd olTanaquil: Matriarchy 
in Rome 

Date: April 20 
Time: 4:00 pm 

Place: HL Auditorium 

Wow! Montezuma $nowblasfwith Fresca: 
Cools off the gang. 

Over ice or snow add 1 Y2 oz. of Montezuma Tequila, the Noblest -
Tequila, to delicious Fresca. It's a chiller! 
C 1978. 80 proof Montezuma Tequila. Distilled and boIt~d by Barton D1st ll~rs Import Co . New York. N Y. 
OF",,,,,, Is "rrgi e.....t lro«mork r:I the Coc.-<::"" Company. 



.... I· WedMlday, April 11, 1171 
••••••••••••••••• .•..................................... 

.... April 26, 1978 

ISSION SPECIAL Arts/Entertainment 
r,-..:t~~.Jr-,.c-;;.~1J ON MOST CARS $1450 "Hamlet" satire here Friday 

WITH THIS COUPON reg. $24.10 
• B..,d Adju.tIMnl 1_' oppllcablt) 

• Chenoe TrlMnlialon Pluld • CI .. n Filter • Adjust llnk-ve : 
• New PIIn Geeket • ~ Teat • Check Modul8lOr : 

Minion Transmission "Brakes : 
All OVA WORK II FULLY GUARANTEED 25 YEARS EXPERIENCE : 

6131 Mission Gorge Rd. 283-6118 : 
. ' .................. II •• II ••••••••••• II II ••••• II ................... ' I .'::.. 

Los Anleles' 
MONDAY EVENING CONCERTS 
41th Anniversary Performance 

on Saturday night 

Featuring the 

Monday Evening 
Concert Ensemble 

Works by: 
'Bach, Arrigo, Ligeti, Webern and Stravinsky 

April 22, Saturday, 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD St. S1.00, G.A. S3.00 

UCSD Box Office: 452 .... 559 

presented by the UCSD Musk Department 
and the University Events omu 

"Stage Blood", a Ridiculous 
Theatre Company production, 
will be presented this Friday 
night at 8: 30 in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Subtitled "Hamlet with a 
Happy Ending" , "Stage Blood" 

, was described by Clive Barnes 
of the New York Times as, 
" ... an or~y o( outrageous, 
sidesplittmg nonsense " at 
which, ..... you can and 
probably will laugh until tears 
roll down your cheek." (But 
that's just one critic's opinion.) 

Even less reliable than the 
critical acclaim of "Stage 
Blood" is the Ridiculous 
Theatre Company's own claim 
that the play is ribald and 
rowdy , and that parental 
discretion is advised. (You 
really can't take anyone 
seriously these days, but if your 
parents aren't discreet , don 't 
bring them.) 

Nevertheless, . I've marked 
"Stage Blood" on my calendar ' 
not because of what Clive 
Barnes said, but on account of 
the Ridiculous Theatre Com-
pany 's marvelous poster 
depicting Shakespeare 'plug-
ging his nose - if it stinks that 
badly, it must be good. Because 
I'm a student I'll pay the $3.00 
ticket price, but for all you 
General Admissions, the cost is 
$4.00 . 

- Jill Ba.zeley 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PRlGNAN~Y 

TEStiNG 
*LOW COST 
*CONFIDENTIAL 

*STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

. *FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 

. 283-7391 

,-----------------------------------------. : Tellin It Like It Is ... Careers In: I 
I 
• Wednesday, 19th 

10 am-Noon 
1 pm-3 pm 
2 pm-4 pm 
I pm .... pm 

Print &. Electronic Media 
Man.eement: Public/Busines 
Social Services/Research 
A Company: Calbiochem 

Thur day, 20th 

10 am-Noon 
II am-I pm 
2 pm-" pm 
3 pm-5 pm 

The Arts 
The Law 
Community Colleees 
Public Health 

WOW '78 CAREER FAIR: 

North Conl. Rm., Student Ctr. 
Bide. B Student Ctr. Conf. Rm. 
North Conl. Hm., Student Ctr. 
Field trip for chemistry and 
blololY majOfS. Sien up at 
Career Plannlnl &. Placement 

Bide. B Student Ctr. Conf. Hm. 
North Conf. Rm., Student Ctr. 
Bide. B Student Ctr. Conl. Hm. 
North Conf. Rm., Student Ctr . 

Get Career Info ... Food ... Music: ... Have a Good Time!!! 

., 

• 
• 
• I '78 FRIDAY, 21st II am-3pm Student enter(comerainorshine!)'" 
: ............... Co- ponsored by the AS ............. . 

I ___ --------------------------------------~ 

, 

Alan Bates and Jill Clayburgh .tar in An Unmarried Woman. 

Mazursky's new wonder 
by Christopher Schneider 

Paul Mazursky's An Unmarried Woman , currently showing at 
the Fashion Valley IV, is a wonderful movie. Unlike the last two 
recent American films I've seen, l'he Fury and Star Wars , the film 
is not about intense adolescents whose principal claim to our 
attention is the supernatural ability to make people hemorrhage 
or spin about in the air. It isn't about the virtues of turning off your 
mind and letting the Force flow through you. 

It's actuaJly about intelligent, witty, grown·up people who have 
real emotional problems and succeed in working them through in a 
fashion reasonably recognizable to the audience . Like its 
protagonists, An Unmarried Woman is intelligent, witty and 
grown-up; and, if only for these qualities, it couldn 't be more 
welcome. 

The characters are what make An Unmarried Woman. It 
doesn't have the sort of ·strong plot that catches you up in its 
momentum and keeps you wondering until its conclusion how 
things will turn out. Its characters, who are of the same affluent, 
well-sooken. middle-class type that Mazursky portrayed so well in 
Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice and Blume in Love, provide' all the 
interest. The film is centered around Erica (JiJ) Clayburgh) , her 
sudden divorce and her readjustment to single life . The main 
questions on the audience 's mind are whether Erica will be able to 
adjust to her new life and whether she'll be able tu open herself up 
to new relationships . . 

This may make the film sound relentlessly psychoanalytic, but 
it's in terms such as these that the characters think a nd talk. 
Mazursky is on-target in his depiction of people concerned with 
what they're reeling and how they're relating with others. Erica is 
frequently seen with her "club" of three friends (read: 
consciousness:raising group) . When her husband Martin (M ichael 
Murphy) is feeling unsure about himself, she and their daughter 
(Lisa Lucas) define his anxieties for him almost before he's 
finished tel1in~ them about it. In one crucial scene Martin breaks 
down crying while talking with Erica . When she asks what's 
wrong, trying to comfort him, he replies that he's fallen in love 
with another woman and has decided to move in with her; in effect 
he's asking Erica to feel sorry for him -since he's leaving her. 

There's a nice sagacity about An Unm3Pfied Woman 's charac-
terizations. With the exception of Saul (A lan Bates) , no one 
is idealized beyond the point of recognition . Saul IS a painter with 
whom Erica becomes involved. He's the first man to overcome her 
defensiveness after the divorce. It's no wonder that she's taken 
with him, for the Saul might as well be a prescription for an ideal 
mate; h~'s sexy in a non-threatening way , sensitive, funny, 
understanding, and an artist. The film 's only unbelievable 
moments are the attempts at a fight between Erica and Saul. He 
wants to take Erica and her daughter out of the city for the 
summer and live on a farm in Vermount, but she'll have none of it. 
I suppose Mazursky preferred to leave Erica on her own, not 
wanting to imply that her independence was a stop-gap until a 
better man came along. 

The performances In An Unmarried Woman are superb. JilJ 
'Clayburgh is very much in the Jean Arthur mold of the charming, 

_ (Please turn to page 8) 

WITH 

Judas Pt;est 
Introducing 

SUNDAY. Fandango 
APRIL23 San Diego Civic Theatre 

All seats reserved. $ 6.50. 6.0 O. Tickets available 
at Center Box Office. 202 "c " 51 all Select·A·SeaI outlets ond 

WedneIdey, AprIl 1" 1'7' 

Classifieds 
personals 

BRIGHT. LOVING. CHILDLESS coo .... ...... 
Milltny darll-compl.Jlioned (poulbly Jf""l lihl 
worn~n 10 bear them a ("hUd b)' ar,Hit'lul 
InIt"mllunioD. P~ ... fIiIrlW fee. I' needed . • lOd ~nd 
pl,OIO . Box ~2114 50. 01°10. CA t212~ 141191 
AN,.... chan,",,''', "'lIy. \t,KC11ICt .. nd II \4UlI Scnlo(trI If 
~U . • 1Id )'M ... ouki like- 10 spat al anMllalmn. ("OntAl(1 Ihe 
MUir [kiln ', om.:z!!! (. 19) 

lIe,h' kh _In tt-u K"h '~ml ... h blurd tat" Auch "C'IU KtI 
dau ... h .. nch orhtn rechl un,f"rotnK'tl und . .. ,r~I\ • 

" u~ruru: OuL:h~ "'~nn llu eli U" HC'rc'/rn linden lornlhl. 
mKh eM'lIlr IU \C'r7C'Ift,rn. mot('hl t K'tI mit dlr,rttnd .. lInn 
t lnr 'UK' In Innkn. I>JH. Jr. f' I~) 
HuPL" Tusk rlJ rt..'t, " 'ill n\t."C1 ill ttw..· In ..... nallonal 
(;1Pft1l'f' ,II t ;oo un ".,ril 10th . \J1 mh'I"t'l'U'ft an' 
"t:i('Onk' 
Lb . I'll ~te sure Mttrk ",~ke!C the f,)lune. H ht' 
miues it. J'\t~ mislflf'd it IQQ. Rf'all),. (Awe, 8t,.I' 
,.'1'1 
Who 15 Ru('twl Cuhen (41th 

(.>to"" ,Bru('ey , M itz .. 1 10\' on ,\'our u('~pl:.ln,'e , 
Qunlwm do you Ihink 8erkt.'lt'y (· ... n IwDdle 11.1 SLB 
44 / 19, 

CewJlint··Tho' \toe .. rp breakmg u", f ",iRS )'our 
.. urmth " I ('ntl~ (auto'" in this c.'Old " imPfrsorwl 
world. 0 1 HI I9I 

for sale . 
for Sa ... Pio_r < ..... ~ deck and PM 75"11-6500 
WII) 
Oil vis CIaMk .siz:e5li.ht new 31rin,.$35 with t"Uver, 
Co li bel ween ' · 12 411 · '539 Jor,. 14 /2 1) 
To live away wo loveable dotl that we are unable 
10 keep; <all Milch or Jane: %23-n4g or 224-9052 
14121 ) 
&4 \ ' .:111 , ~ nt'W l in ."", ,... .... b.lIIl' l" Just 4urw.od , "'00 
('aIl 21lO· 1~"" . 
M Mu(' CokHty Pltk W-.on, 10". .. rack . run:, Ift.4. 

Witek-day.: 452-) j61: no. 4K1-97SM Schu)ll!'f (4 21, 

70 10)01. CQfo,. ..... )It:rfO 1m or be:'1 onr, 4"-19'24 
(4 19) 

74 Cht" Yep Hiltchback ~u. brtte!i. , hocks , aood lire... 
aood cond " ,000 ml 11400 or btsl offer " '2·).57 (4 211 
': lpe: recorder. Pana¥Onic port. perf. for leers. etc. 
Ha s rechttr b~tts . etc:, .. 5% - 119614 / 211 

1975 ~Ck'c SUluki Sireet bike. good COndition, S3OO. -
call 7$5-411314/24' 

61 Vol~' o stallon WOl,on. f,,' x<''ellenl cond itlun. C ... U 
4!t3 ·Z745 und leOiv(" men age for C .. m Best offl"f" 
14/ 21' 

CARTRIDGE : SOn", Blue I.bel Fines. mOYin, 
malnel available. New urn . l.iSlSlfl. ~. "I~ 
elo'eJ T im f41 It. 

housing 
Mm for ,..ad mate SIIJ mo. I. Y AP9140C offl« Ph A2U4 
C' M521) Urry . ,4\.· •• 1 immccha,el) name Junior. (4 21, 

Ilehu. ont bedro om nur UCSD hrt:place. Jacu-III. 
IlJO mon,h 7\l·IIlll! 1< 211 

l.uxu r), :t8R . 2I ,BA . tOv.'nnouse fleitr t:CSD . 452-
SOi7 I~/ " 

MI l" needt.-d 10 shure beautiful 11_ 4 bdnn 3 bth Del 
Mar house. Own room 14l .7~ II util 41.·1'" (412 1) 

travel 
BOOK ON CAMP US: "_rope. Hawaii and New 
,"ark Charter FII.htl . CrEE Student Travel. 
St ...... 1 C ....... B-tU. 0 .... weekday. lZ-I. c.1I4:1Z· 
1Je3O (1I9J 

wanted 
tl lHe lOU lot your be., Job lined up for the Iiumnu:r 
ye t" If not rutl lim,. work ~\·.ul .. bl .. - (:u ll .. 59-43_ 
141211 " 
WA~TED' John J enk.:l. Ann Curberry Ie ~Iilrtul 
TemPl're~u VOle M.JY 2 &,:1. It n, .. kes tA diUcrent'C' 

I~I I, 
Live ly. 'Nann . frie ndly youn.lud), (tulO) wllhklOk) 
sense of humor to helP with book LH expo UIlikC .. 
lnl 4!lI . und ",' ilJinKflCu 10 exp40re new lround In 
anterpr-rsonul relatlONlhlpj a I1lU~ . ;.; hr. 232· 1312 
Itl ill 
NndulrlSSS'! aml meyourca"'Ofw .rla.funeI. for 
this ,",u.rrcr Yes? C. I! D ia .. S66 -41 7J 14 19) 

services 
PROf'ESSIONAL THEbl . I MAN USCRIPT 
TYPING: ExperlelK."!d: lhor...,hly ramiliar with 
.. 1l Corm ' ll'yl~ requirftJlenll. Rulhjobi OlCCfpted. 
IBII4 Correcll .. Selectric" Iypewriler . Day $Ii-
3311 : eye. _2M7. (II" 

Typinl-experienced. reli;able. reasonable. IBM 
Corre(.'tinl SelectriC. Call anytime 455-UJ27. MI'I , 
Old s. 16191 

TYPING! IBM Selectric u:m l p: ·II!. Iheses.PhD. 
dis8ertul lom, .. editiJ\&l . Hl lSH J( 4S3-()6Se . 560-
8171 , 186-493fi 4~1 · 1~ fAIt~ 

I U'''''''O - CalcUlul. AII.bra. TrI,. Anal (;earn ). 
~hy.lci. SI8I1II1<I . Call I l h 217· 4751 151%4 ) 

Medical Scholarship • • 500 immediate . ·year 
medical scbolarahips available to eDterina: or 
enrolled mod lI_denlS. Ca ll Navy Medical Team 
:I9.'HI444. ' 4121) 

Cor N.l'reo. ca Installation f1!p.u .. and sale-s 10 years 
(·x p . Call an)lime Karl 755-:l66;i S . B. 1-1(11) 

Ex p crtt' nced typisl the ses " d issertatio ns 
rt.'~sonit bk! rules. Qu ... lhy IUarttnleed. l\1I11 Cindy 
t'/O.:!'l36 14/191 

Tl'NE·t: I~ ~! Dtoan Will tune your C'ur ror the 
asin inely low price uf 114 or IclS plus parts, 
anywhere on campus. Call him Ol I453· I:lI7 . Monday 

• Ihna Thursday, 7-10 pm. or un)'tlme . • yeurs 
experi~nce. 

lost & found 
J j u tlot kiked in the shins, Who e\'er found my.h," 
guuro on Muir F' il'ld . ple ... se tum them in at IT 
'4/ 1tl 

Lost-Small suede notebook in HSS 2305(.'6111 Tom m · 
0926. . 

Keys. Walen found MondayTLH 107 m a rked " Lil " 
pick up at Trilon Times office 

.... ound: fern. eold. relri~\'f'r near coost apts. Vtl")' r: dOl needs new/ old home or eets pound ' "52· 

AROVND THE WORLD 
IN MANY WA YSI 

Call Toll-Free, arwtime for your FREE 1978 
Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 5000 

ch~rters ~i~ted, ~scorted tours, air/sea 
crUISes, mint vacations . 
Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1.(800) 
821·2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Di.count •... Free Gifts 

. .. Client Protection 
Vnited Ca • omia TrfRJeline 'nc. 

UC8D .. ~ • De¥-I Gd..p 
att. 

8tadev Bealt, &qj~'" 
wit'" 

8tadav. Ibate8 

• EX AM Il\{/\ TIONS 
• DElU AI.. WORK 
• HYGffil'ijSTS 

ate available [oi 
cleaqjng teeth 
~QNDAY THRU FRIDAY 

8:00 A.M. TO ":00 P.M. 
Phone "52-2080 

How long hat it bem since you've teen a Dentut ~ 

triton times 

Alternative medicine 
focus of 'Iectures 

Alternate forms of medicine 
is the focus of a student 
organization, the Association of 
Medical Arts and Sciences 
which is now presenting a (our 
part lecture series in preven-
tive medicine. 

"One of the major purposes 
of the organization," said 
President Michael McDonald, 
"is to bring alternate forms of 
medicine into the education 
process and help students share 
their ideas with others ." 
McDonald said that the groups 
seeks to uni,te health and 
educatiCln in order to institute 
health responsibility. 

A monthly newsletter is 
published by the organization, 
and various public programs 

a~ presente~ . . 
"~ •• ' ....................... ~ .......... ' •• _" ....... A ...... ' 
I f 
",COMMUNITY, 

:IBLOOD~ 
'! 983 India i ~ , 

~ 327 FStr_t { 
! PAYSDONORS t ( ! ( for Service ',;. 
l Mon.· Fri . 
; 233-5481 i 
t 234.4601 ' L __ .............. ___ ~._ ................ "111.1!.~ •• _.C 

Part two of the preventative 
medicine series will be held 
Tuesday evening, from 7 to 10 
pm in HL Auditorium . Weekly 
meetings for the organization 
are held on Mondays at 7: 30 pm 
in the Student Organizations 
Conference Room. . 

Muir 
Parent's Week 

Postponed 
until 

May Sand 6 
(originally scMdu'-d 
for April 21 and 22) 

LEGAL EDUCA liON 
(lEAP) 

ADVISORY PROGRAM 
PrIsInta 

HOW TO USE A 
LAW LIBRARY 
~ay, April 24, 1978 

3:~:OO pm 
CoIIIty LIw UInry 

11~ Front Str1It 
R.S.V.P.: 

0rantI L BItistI, 452..u55 
Earl WIn'IIl CIIIIp 

Acldllllic IntInJSlllp PnIIram 

TUT """""ATION 
I"CIAUln SINCE 1'-

Visit Our Centers 

Pege7 

AmI Set For Yourself 
WIly W. MIll. Tilt Differenc. 
Cell Days, EVil' Weehllds 

&.In Diego Center 
2t80 O .. n., Aft . 

Peeific B.ach 92109 

Phone 171.1 27 .... 1. 

Streicher's La Jolla introduces 
two exciting new concepts 
in shoes and clothing ••• 
all on the second floor. 

[(tfUU®® ~@I())®?lD© & m"1.;I1~ 
Shoe DcPllrtlMnt IF .... III-B 

A great crowd to hang around with! 

Here are somf! of the 
tomous brand names 
__ eproud 

to represent : 

shoes 
MISS CAIIiIO 
FAIiItOI •• 
JACCI. COHIH 
lASS 
•• IIMSIOCk 

cIottting 
LOft '" """ HAHCl1IN 
a.wroN HALl 
GMlYI'ImIS 
_fA 
JOIIW r 
Of CAlIFOIINIA 

MAJUIM COMIOIn' 
IV ED oc-

~11tAPI 
IUSICIHS 

_ 1'IMA ' 

SIICCA 
BY CHAIM Of CAlif. 
TOP SlID 
ETA,t.AGI 
E.ClJISl 

IMPO 
~ 

Come and ~ our 
completely r~ed 
2nd ftoor-today! 

EIN MID4I IICIM5 

CAll: 454-0731 

Sbeicher'S 
upstalrs ••• 2nd floor 
La Jolla 7837 GIRARD AVE. 

fOIl HUS 
PUS da&. 
JOMAJHAH MAR11H INC. 
iItST GI.ANCI 
ClMtAMOH S1ICSCS 
JUST lOPS 
AIIDII 

~AMA 
.....s 
~OFIHDIA 

\ 



triton times 
Unmarried Woman ... 
(Continued from pale 6) 

, funny working heroine. Alan Bates, in a role imilar to hiS part in 
Women in Love, Is once again incredibly amusing and attractive. 
Michael Murphy (an Altman regular, who played the creepy 
advance man in Nashville) is sympathetic in a none-too-Iikeable 
role. There's an attractively jazzy score by Bill Conti, one of the 
few scores I've heard recently that doesn' t bully the audience and 
insult their intelligence. Arthur Ornitz's photography and Pato 
Guzman's production design work give the picture a very pretty, 
lyrical 190k and feel. 

An Unmarried Woman is a joy from beginning to end. It's 
MazurskY.'s best so far, which is saying a lot. It has none of the 
endless ideological cant of One Sings. the Other Doesn't, or the 
endless dullness of the protagonists in Scenes From a Marriage , 
two films of a similar type. It's just funny and knowing and 
delightful: Besides that, An Unmarried Woman is one of the best 
and most loving ever. It's all there in the film: Washington Square, 
left parties, Soho galleries, dog shit, ice skating at Rockefeller 
Center, Ultra Violet, everything. Who, to quote Ira Gershwin, 
could ask for anything more? 

Women's softball ... 
(Continued (rem pate 5) 

Freshman catcher Janice Yip said she likes " the attitude of the 
team - everything is always a team effort. " 

Edwards, one of last year's returnees, said, " In our first year 
out nobody had much (aith in us, but our coach has given us so 
much confidence that we really believe we can win. " 

First baseman Michelle Frost, the only senior on the team said 
"I've seen it go from only a handful of girls to an organized: first~ 
class team." 

w ...... y. April 11. 1171 

More women enrolling 
in college; fewer men 

(CPS) - The old adage that 
women go to college to " find a 
husband" can be officially laid 
to rest. Fewer men are found to 
be going to college. 

Census Bureau statistics 
show less men are enrolling in 
college while women's enroll-
ment is increasing. 

The bureau's report suggests 
that fewer men are eligible (or 
GI benefits or they no longer 
need Vietnam War draft 
deferments 

The report also speculated 
that young men now consider 
college less important. The 
report left out an important 

Moser .•• 
(Continued from page 1) 

issue however. The last few 
years saw a depression 
economy glut a decreasing job 
market with graduates. More 
people turned to trade schools 
rather than seek a dead-end 
college degree. An inflationary 
economy did its share to close 
avenues to higher education. 

Statistics on women in 
college does not attest to these 
theories at first. Larry Suter of 
the Census Bureau said women 
have exceeded male enroll-
ment (or three years but any 
gains made by women were 
caused mainly by declining 
male enrollment. 

violation and that he and his slate would decide if they will 
appeal the decision after they had received the information. 

Moser said that he was not sure an appeal would be worth the 
effort. "I'd rather spend time out talking with the students 
about the issues," said Moser. 

Good times are great times for the easy taste of 
e . 

" ING or Uf t RS, • • ANtt fU5 tR 8 US(. H I"4 C • ST lUUIS 


