
o 
e 
t 

s 
s 

UCSD Black Students Union 
to publish the People's Voice 

by John Hondros 
S&aff Wri&er 

Ten years ago, Angela Davis organized a politically-oriented 
group called the Black Students Union (BSU) at UCSD, whose 
main goal was to get Third College started. 

Today, the BSU sponsors many social activities in order to make 
UCSD students aware of the nationwide achievements of black 
people, according to BSU Chairperson Donna Annstrong. 

"We center around social events because we feel that this is a 
better way to get students involved," said Armstrong. Del Mar votes Tuesday 

Weare, Hoover, Roe vie for council seats BSU events 
Among the events sponsored by the BS U is Black History Month 

which ended Tuesday, Feb. 28, according to BSU Activities 
Coordinator Marcia Strong. Activities in Black History Month 
included the showing of "Roots", an Open Repertory Ensemble 
and Dedication Day. Strong emphasized that Dedication Day, 
which is held on Feb. 14, is a day when black men and women get 
together and dedicate poetry, prose, music and art which centers 
around the theme of love. This year's celebrity for Dedication Day 
was Whitman Mayo of "Sanford and Son", said Strong. Black 
History Week, which is a nationwide event, has been expanded to 
Black History Month for the past two years at UCSD, saId Strong. 

"We hope to extend it to a year-round event in the future, " 
Strong stated. 

Armstrong has observed an increase in student interest with the 
BSU this year. She said that there are more freshmen involved 
with the BSU this year than there has ever been. 

In two weeks, the BSU will be coming out with the first issue of its 
own newspaper - the People's Voice . The People's Voice is 
being written and edited by a subgroup of the BSU, explained 
Armstrong. The newspaper will consist of poetry, essays, articles 
and pictures of students, according to Armstrong. 

"We're trying to shoot for a monthly newspaper," said 
Armstrong. 

• At the AS' discretion' 
The primary fund raiser for the BSU has been the Zodiac dances. 

Armstrong explained that the BSU works with the AS'when fund 
raising. She said that the BSU's funds are left at the AS' discretion. 
Armstrong said that the BSU is' .rking to pay the AS off. 

(Please turn to page 8) 

American Indian 
Movement co-founder 
speaks at UCSD 

by Marc GarreD 
Staff Writer 

"These bills are the final 
termination policy for the 
Indian; they will exterminate 
the Indians as a cultural entity 
through legislative channels," _______ _ 
said Dennis Banks, co-founder 
of the American Indian 
Movement (AIM) . 

Banks was referring to 11 
bills presently in the House of 
Representatives and the Senate 
which "wiH adversely affect 
Indian people." Banks spoke 
along with several other •• ~ ..... r. 
important members of the 
American Indian Movement at 
UCSD last Friday. 

The meeting was designed to 
increase the San Diego 
community's awareness of the 
so-called "anti-Indian" 
legislation. 

Del Mar City Council incum-
bents 'John Weare and Nancy 
Hoover, and resident Richard 
Roe are in the race for two 
vacant positions on the council, 
to be voted on March 7. 

Four advisory measures, 
concerning moderate income 
housing, will also appear on the 
ballot. 

Owner of Publisher's Inc . of 
Del Mar, 41 year old Roe, was a 
council candidate four years 
ago but left the campaign 
midway . Hoover, 37 , is a 
stockbroker, and Weare, 37, 
has just completed his term as 
mayor of Del Mar, as well as 
being an associate professor of 
chemistry at UOSD. 

In a Triton Times interview, 
the candidates were questioned 
on their positions concerning 
selected issues which are 
prevalent in Del Mar politics: 

What methods do you recom-
mend &0 cope with the dense 
urbanization of the areas 
surrounding Del Mar? 

Said Roe , " I'm terribly 

Banks spoke of the "Longest 
Walk", a march presently in 
progress that will span the 
country from California to 
Washington, D.C. He said the 
walk should awaken the 
conscience of the nation and the 
world. Banks invited anyone 
who wanted to help to join them 
and said they were fortunate to 
have Robert Redford, an AIM 
supporter, joining the march in 
Utah. 

De .. ~ia .. " .. b, ~eric_ IlIdiaa MO\le_eat co-foaader, 
epo_e ere .t Friday. 

Banks reviewed how many 
treaties between the Indian 
nations and the United States 
have been neglected by the 
legislature in the past. 

A bill currently in the HOllse 
of Representatives (HR 9054) 
would eliminate Indian reser-
vations as land not subject to 
property tax and divide the 
reservations into private 
holdings subject to taxation, 
said Banks. Each Indian would 
receive land based upon the 
extent of his Indian background 
and his age. 

Banks grew up in a boarding 
school operated by the Bureau 
of Indian Affairs. He spoke of 
being seperated from his 
heritage While being given 
nothing to take its place. 

" For 20 years I strayed, 1 
went to prison. I've spent a 
great deal of time on skid row 
going from bar to bar and job to 
job. I know what alcohol has 
done to my people, I've seen my 
own friends commit suicide," 
said Banks. 

is a blood law, not a law that is 
written down but a law that 
binds every Indian together." 

Larry Leventhal, a professor 
of Native American Studies at 
the University of Minnesota, 
recounted the long history 01 
broken treaties between the 
U.S. government and the 

He apparently beat his Indian nations. He said that in 
al~o~ol addiction. thr~~gh a this latest attempt of the 
splrltua.1 awakemng. They government to abrogate itE 
(the IndIan tribes) are all the treaties with the Indians the 
same, they have the same rights of all Americans an. 

fou~dations in Mother ~arth, threatened. If the U.S. govern-· 
she .IS ~ur f~und~tion, she IS ~~r ment can go back on its word in 
religion, said Banks. I this case, he said, there is no 
always try to remember the reason to think it will not do so 
words of our people, that they again and suspend the rights 01 
are th~ same, that they e~press other Americans. 
a deslr~ for u~ders~nd1Dg.,~ Virginia Hill of the San DiegfD 
am a child of thiS hemIsphere. Indian Center announced a 
. Banks, s~eaking of his rally to be held at Balboa Park 
IDvolvement 10 the Wounded at the Organ Pavillion on 
Knee incident in 1973,. said,. "I Saturday, March 4 from 1 pm to 
have come (to CalifornIa) 5 pm. The same night there will 
seeking a life, my life. I am be a benefit for the Longest 
wanted in another state for Walk at the El Cortea Hotel in 
something that happened in the Century Ballroom. Dennis 
1973. I have come here for Banks, heavyweight contender 
sanctuary. I have the Indian Ken Norton and BuffySt. Marie 
people to thank for this. There will be there. 

concerned with this issue, " 
saying that he supports the idea 
of the "neighborhood watch", 
where neighbors get to know 
each other, and be aware of 
movement in the area. He also 
felt that lighting is an impor-
tant crime deterrant, and that 
the alley behind the commer-
cial district of the city could be 
better illuminated. 

Hoover commented that 
"This is a problem that 
everyone's facing and no one 
has been too successful with ." 
She said that in many house-
holds in which both parents 
work during the day, there is a 
problem in leaving the home 
unsupervised . She felt that the 
ci ty does not ha ve enough 
money to keep watch over the 
entire area, as in the suggestion 
of hiring a constable. 

" The best and least expen-
sive method is neighborhood 
cooperation," said Weare , 
"where peoJ;>le become aware 
of who theIr neighbors are, 
what their hours are, and 
provide friendly surveillance." 
He also suggested that an 
alann system be studied which 
could be tied into cable TV and 
would sound in the sheriff's 
office. 

What measures are available 
for generating revenue for the 
city? 

Weare felt that "The main 
thing is to balance our budget." 
He felt that this could be done 
by decreasing the costs of 
operations, as in the reduction 
of the sheriff's contract while 
maintaining the same services. 

" Del Mar doesn't need a lot of 
money," said Hoover. " We're 
pretty well of{ and I don't like to 
raise money just to have it. " 
However, she said, if the Jarvis 
tax amendment goes through, 
the city may have to raise more 
money. throu2h such means as 
parking tickets and the sales 
tax from the retail shops. 

Roe felt that increased 
revenue means more spending. 
"I am not concerned with more 
revenue for the sake of 
revenue. I am concerned with a 
balanced budget. " He said that 
for projects such as bike paths 

there are funds available on the 
state and federal levels, and 
that federal funding for major 
projects such as flood control 
and lago on management "is 
available and worth pursuing to 
help the city with technical 
problems." 

What do you feel are some of 
the specific issues in the 
Coastal Act pertinent to Del 
mar. (The act specifies basic 
goals to protect, enhance and 
preserve coastal environmen-
tal quality and resources , 
giving priority to " coastal 
dependent" development and 
maximizing public access to 
the coast.) 

Hoover said that she felt the 
entire Coastal Act was impor-
tant, not one specific element. 
" We have relied on and support 
the Coastal Commission in the 
past, for instance, when we 
haven ' t had ordinances or 
zoning pertaining to a particu-
lar project. We have used the 
Act and relied on their 
expertise for input," she said. 

" I think the central issue is 
how well the new program 
works, " said Weare . " The 
permit process, which we who 
have environmental concerns 
rely on, is going to be taken 
away to be replaced by 
enforcement by local govern-
ment a~encies." These agen-
cies, whJCh he said have a poor 
record, led to the development 
of the Coastal Initiative in the 
first place. 

Weare felt that the new act 
would not provide adequat 
protection , a nd that , "The 
ordinance provisions of the nc ' 
act are not sufficiently flexible 
to handle the possible legisla-
tive changes in land use in 
environmental areas. 

" Anything which preserves 
the beach, which I think is one 
of the most beautiful beaches in 
the world ," said Roe , " is 
crucial to Del Mar." 

Roe added that public access 
to the beach is an asset, and 
that, " Pre ervation of the San 
Dieguito lagoon and prevention 
of development in the lagoons, 
and preservation of the natural 
tidal action is an effort I 
applaud. 

Cafeteria plans menus 
a year in advance 

The creation of culinary catastrophes over the objections of 
students has long been the subject of many complaints at UCSD: 
" Moussaka and liver for dinner again! to 

The formulation of menus here is something that has annoyed 
most students at one time or another, particularly those who live in 
the dorms and must eat it every day. Tolerance for the food seems 
to decrease and one wonders how " they" could do this to "us.' 

Who makes the menus and how? 
According to members of the Food Services staff, a master list 

of recipes is created each year. These recipes are standardized 
throughout the campus. Next the variables, such as costs, student 
satisfaction and nutritional quality, are considered. The costs are 
based on the dorm fees; the student satisfaction is determined 
from verbal feedback Food Service staff members receive from 
the students; and nutrition requirements are set by the American 
Dietary Association. 

~hen j.uggli~g the three ,:ariables, pr blems will invariably 
arIse. Bnan Klippel , of HouslOg and Food Services admits that 
"There are times when we blow ilaon wp~ ,",,0 te' ... "'!inc.zed: 
Yet, when there is a concern that can be corrected, no one say 
anything." 

Many cbahges have bf:en mRde over the year to the ht!r 'it of 
th~ students. In}he past, for example, hamburgers were not Q 
dally offering. We found that certain people always w nted 
hamburgers. It's a staple in the American diet," said Klippel. 
Now, regardles of the other entrees, three to four hundred 
hamburgers are consumed daily at Revelle cafeteria alone. 



AS constitutional 
review ' a necessity 
DUrin, las flnt year of operation, the ASUCSD has run into 

several problems stemmin, directly fr'om its constitution. The 
reason for this is traceable to tbe constitution's political origin. 
The document was DUI')JOsely written in a simplified form, for use 
in last year's student lovenment referendum. 

The consmution served Its purpose at that time, as the AS 
,ovemmen&al model was cbosen by students. But the document 
lias rot served any constructive purpoae since tben. For this 
reason, the AS has ap~lDted a task force to review tbe constitution 
and make recommendations to Improye it. 

The task force members say the blUest problem with tbe 
COD.titudoD i. lIIe lack of concrete JOb descriDtioDl for tbe 
commi .. ioDen. we~a The lack of ciescri.ptions1aas b~red ~ COUncil', oper~ 9n Is year. The Indlvfdual c9mmlssroqers ave bee,. able to 'IDe eli QJf1J areas 0' resj)Onslbilitles, IIOlely rom lbelr persona teresls. Tbis bas causecr an overabUndance 

0:e~ernmentallnterest in certain areas, and a lack of lDterest in 
o . 

Anotber reform wouJd remove the commissioners 'rom tbe AS 
Council - which I. the AS'. Ieli.lative branch - and place them 
squarely in the executive brancb. Tbey would tIIen Intitlate poUcy, 
but not vote on it. Tbi. step would c1eari\separate the executive 
and lelislalive brancbes of tile AS. It mi t also serve to draw tbe 
colle,e representatives closer to tbe ,by livin, them sole 
responsiblUty for lelislative matters. 

A third pouible re'orm would be to make several commissioner 
positions appointive. We'vt" always tbou,ht It ridiculous to elect 
the public relations director - the penon wbo is cbarged with 
publiclzin, die AS sbould be appointed. Another post that should 
be appointed, or even removed, Is the elections commissioner, 
since that person has only a once-a-year 'unction. . . 

One more possibility tbe task force sbould consider is payment 
for AS members. While thi. probably won't be ItOPUlar with 
students at larle, It is still a necessary step. Effective AS 
members all'ea4Jy work enou,h hours to deserve payment; 
ineffective members could be pressured to perform up to a certain 
standard. 

One thin, the task force must make sure it does is to hold 'well-
publicized and frequent o~n hearings, to allow student input into 
the process. Any student who wishes 10 do so should have access to 
the p~es8. 

And, of course, student. will make the final decision when they 
pass judgment at the polls on whatever reforms tbe AS decides 
upon. 

CalPIRG fee would 
be a good bargain 

The campus 'cbapter of CaiPIRG - tbe California Public 
Information Research Group - is currently passin, ~'ition8 to 
allow ~acement of a question on next quarter's referendum 
ballot. The guestion would ask students to approve a tWHoliar 
refundable fee, to be added to the q!larterly student fee packet. 

We think this is an excellent idea. On a national level, the PIRGs 
bave been in the vanguard of the consumer movement. They have 
raised the consumer movement from concentrating on saving a 
few cents at the grocery store to fighting for an elevation of tbe 
quality of life for all people. 

On the state level , CalPIRG is becoming a cohesive and effective 
body . It has cbapters at UC Berkeley, Santa Clara College, San 
Diego State University, the University of San Diego as well as 
here. Another chapter is being organized at UCLA. In addition, it 
has just put together a statewide coordinatin2 organization. 

Most importantly, the PIRGs are student-run and campus-
based organizations, with proven track records. The various 
CalPIRG chapters have made and published studies on mental 
institiHons, nursing homes, used car sales, paramedic programs 
and women's health care costs. 

C ilPIRG has compiled an impressive record over the past 
sevo.!ral years. With a refundable two-dollar fee, the local CalPIRG 
cbapC'er could do even more, both on its own in this area, and by 
contributing to the statewide effort. 

We fccl that reprf'lIents quite a good bargain. 

n. Triton Time. is pubf l.hed by UCSO .tudents as an oHlclalatuCIent new.peper 
Pu ,lIfatlon Is on Mond'Ys. Wedn"days and Fridays during the regular achool y.; 
(ellcept on oHICIal nollday.). Editorial and bulln ... olflcetare located In tneStudent 
c.... .. r .t tne Unlver,lty of California. SIn Diego. For editorial. cali '52-34ee; for 
bu6lneu and display advertl,lng. call '52-34e8. 

letten to tile editor .nd opinion column •• re welCOmed. /lllsubmltalolnl .Iloukl be 
typed and doUbl .... P.Ced on •• speca line. Tney .nOuld not exceed 1 ~ pegea In I __ gtn. 

Submitted material mull bear tn. name and .tud."t Identification number of the 
autt1or. "'.m" cen bewlthheldfrompubllc.tlon on requeet;however. thenam"wilibe 
llefd on file for public Inspection. 

The Triton Tlma, r_ryes tne right to edit submission. becaus. of spaca IImltaliona 
or style requirement • . 

entire cont.nta copyright 1978\ne Triton Tim ... 

w ..... y. II..:h 1. 1171 

Triton Times' sports editor 
slam-dunked over ~ommentary 
Editor: . 

Not since the printing press 
was invented has it tieen 110 
irresponsibly abused as it was 
by the Triton Timnon Feb. 22. 
ern that date. the 11 printed an 
"1M Commentary." by Steve 
Gould. in which two student 
referees and the intramural 
sports program were criticized. 
The two of us. along With many 
of our peers. view this article 
offensive. in bad taste and as an 
example of irresponsible journalism. Hence. we must 
reply. 

Gould criticized the referees 
and the Intramural program 
because of the alleJedly poor 
officiating of a game 10 which his 
team. the Yellow Rags. made up 
of Triton Times editors and 
reporters, lost to the Screaming 
Eagles 48-25. His use of an 
official UCSD newspaper to vent 
his (and fellow TI writers') 
personal anger is irresponsible. 
This is an abuse of both Gould 's 
position as Sports Editor and his 
teammate's position as Editor. 
There are many sporting events 
that are more than worthy of the 
full page wasted on this personal 
vendetta. 

Gould's article had a number 
of inaccuracies. His comments 
that the referees are doing a 
poor job and can't be toleraled 
any further aren't supported by 
the evidence. An informal poll of 
Intramural participants 
indicated that the players are 
more .than satisified with the 
student referees. including the 
two of us mentioned by Goukl. 

To take Gould seriously would 
be a mistake. The perspective he 
and his fellow TT' plllYers write 
from is a weak one. Eacb of the 
eight referees that have worked 
their games tbis quarter have 
expressed their unanimous 
opmiQn that to ref a game with 
tfie "Rags" is a most unpleasant 
experience; they are without 
question one of the most 
unsportsmanlike teams to play 
in the basketball program. It 
was Just a matter of time before 
the poor attitude of the TT 
"Yellow Rags" was manifested 
in an article in the newsp!lJ)er. 
After a first game win. the Rags 
have lost five straight games, 
and have obviously chosen to 
vent their frustration upon the 
two referees in rarticutar and 
the Intramura program in 
general through their special 
position as TT staffers. 

It·s a shame that Gould 
allowed his pent-up frustration 
to affect his commentary on the 
1M officiating. This Intramural 
sports program is perbaps the 
most popular actfvity UCSD 
has. It IS a program for students. 
and is run with that in mind. 
Gould's unfounded crltici.ms 
are unimportant here . What 
really hutts Is the image he 
presents of the program . 
I~stead of picturing a respon-
sive. student run program. 
Gould makes Intramural sport! 
seem political and partial. On 
the contrary. the program Is run 
with as much JairneSl and 
ImpartlalHy as is humanly' 
possibly. It seems to us that If 
anyone is to be criticized for 
partiality and playing politics. it 
is the Triton Times staff. 

It would have been easy for us 
to stoop to insults and slander in 
response to Gould's commen-
tary, but. as we took notice of the 
community 's response . we 
found tha t no one was in 
agreement with the TI and that 
many were upset by it. The team 
the Rais played on the night in 
question voluntarily ap -
proached us and made a point of 
the fact that they disagreed with 
the assessment of the officiat-
ing. In fact . they have submitted 
a letter to the editor objecting to 
the poor journallsm .. Thank yOU 

Screaming Eagles ... you reas-
sured us that the majority of the 
Intramural teams have some 
class. 

CHRIS D. MORRISON 
MICHAEL K. BROWN (Edllor'llIOle: Gould'urtlcle 

represeD&ed hi. opinion only, 
aDd wallo labelled as: 1M 
Commea&ary: Sieve Gould. As 
sucll, It does DOt represent tile 
oplnionl of eltber tbe Tritoa 
Times or the rest oflbe Yellow 
Rap.) 

Intramural 
Director 
concurs 
Editor: 

I have read Mike Brown and 
Chris Morrison's letter to the 
Triton Times and totally concur 
with tbeir statements. 

It is particularly alarming 
that a student would resort to the 
disgustingly low standard 
displayed in the Feb. 22 Issue .. 
Steve. we want to encourage 
player participation and 
encourage the recruitment of 
new officials ... not destroy our 
fine Intramural Jl~Jlram . 

LEE JOHNSON 

Ref says Gould out of line 
Editor: 

I feel that S.teve Gould's commentary on reffing (TT. Feb. 22) i, 
totally out of hne. I too am one of those "novice" referees which Mr. 
Gould speaks of. 

I'd like to set Gould (and his teammates as well) straight on a few 
thin,s. 

First let me quaUfy mysetr. I have played In organized sports since 
fourth grade and have seen all kinds of offiCiatinf - good and bad. 

My tiasketball baclurround and observations 0 my fellow officials 
have led me to the conClusion that a very highpercentolge ofthe student 
officials (includin, Chris Morrison and Mike Brown) are very 
competent and dedicated . 

Surelever:Yone calls a bad game once in a while. but I have officiated 
severa of Rags games myself and seen several others in which 
members of the Rags team constantly bitch at the officials. (This is not 
the case when other teams play witfi similarly skilled officials) 

W.hat I am supestin, is that Gould and his lofty friends are used to 
havlDg everythlDg their way and are not mature enough to play 
intramurals without using referees as scapegoats for their own 
physical and emotional inadequacies. 

Give Gould the black and white stripes and he'd soon realize that the 
1M officials are doing a difficult job well. Compounded with the verbal 
abuses he would consistently receive. he might even think we deserved 
to be paid. 

BRfAN FINLEY 

Opposing captain joins force 
Editor: 

Since I was involved in the scene. I felt a responsibility to respond t S~ve Gould's article "New Twist on Reffing seen" (TI, Feb. 22) . Two 
POlDts I~ the article have prompted .me. First. the article implies the 
Screaming EaJlles were co-conspirators with Gould agalnst the 
referees. Gould's imagination has run amok. No such tbfillli' true. 
dDon t !lse us to. buttress your views. Steve. Secondt I think at it Is ownn,ht sordid to si.Dile O\lt two people &lnd cal. them belpre tile 
unJvers}ty comm\lnity Ir a haJl-R{lJ[e article for somethllUl fO trivial a, 
refereeing a baskettial game. Tfiis flies in the face orthe spirit of 
intramural basketbali and I am tired of playing teams who do not want 
to direct their energies against my team. To our future opponents· 
please. let's play balketball. We 're not the Lakers; we're not ,oint to get NBA referees. 

Let's say out loud what this article is: Gould's team lost, his ~nter 
fouled out. numerous technlcals were called on his team and Gould 
wrote a.n article personally attacking the referees. That's jUst not good journahsm. 

DOUGLAS A. LAPPI 
Cap&aln, Screamln, Eagles 

.... .-y, Merch 1, 1171 

More letters 
Student makes "expensive" error 

Editor: 
I made an expeDlive mistake this 

quarter. I purchased an official 
UCSD farldu permit. At the time, 
r felt had little choice, since I 
commute nearly twenty-five mile. 
to the campus each day. 

At fint. I found no spaces 
available to park in. 10 I started 
coming to school earlier. to arrive 
at 7: 30 am. Then. little marks 
began appeariq on each side of my 
car. These marks, It turned out. 
were the places where bits of paint 
were beiDi chipped away when 
careless students SWU/1i their door 
open into my car. I tried to solve 
this problem by parking my car at 
the end of the row; This way. r 
reasoned, only one side of the car 
would be vulnerable. Not to be 
outsmarted though. the in_enioua 
drivers began parking their cars 
outside of the designated lanes. 
creating. as it were. additional 
parkin, spaces at the end of the 
aisles. 

Surely. I thought. the parking 

Muir's 
planning 
"absurd" 
Editor: 

Friday. the 17th. the Triton Times 
ran a Muir College Writing 
advertisement from which I grab 
the following q~ote: 

" 400 currently enrolled students 
should complete Muir Writing 20 
this Spring Quarter and there are 
300 spaces available." 

400 students - 300 spaces 
available = 100 students for whom. 
no matter how much they spit. claw 
and scratch will IIOt be able to get 
into a Muir 20 Writing course this 
Spring Quarter. Tough luck. you 
sorry victims of circumstance. for 
the ad goes on to say, " If you are 
one of these students, you should 
take the course NOW or there will 
be no spaces for you in subsequent 
years. STUDENTS WHO FAIL TO 
COMPLETE THE REQUIRE-
MENT ON SCHEDULE WILL NOT 
BE GUARANTEED A PLACE 
NEXT YEAR. " 

My question is. how does the Muir 
Writing Program account for this 
absurd planning? Even more so, 
why advertise it? 

JOHN DORRANCE 

fees muat help to subsidize the 
campus police who give tickets to 

iIIegall~ parked cars. But I was 
naive. Even the most introverted 
and isolated student on campus 
knows that the campus police are 
even more withdrawn than they. 
Thus. whetherornotanautolacksa 

current validation , and regardless 
of where a car is parked (even if it 
takes up two spaces). it is equal 
treatment for one an.o1 all : None will 
receive tickets. 

Knowing this. I will save a few 
dollars next fall . 

, GEORGE JANCZYN 

Article's data doubted 
Editor: 

I would like to comment upon the Pacific News Service article by Moises 
Sandoval which appeared in the Feb. 22 Triton Times . 

In this article, sources are cited which estimate that the Hispanic 
population stands at around 16 million. and is well on its way to replacing 
blacks as the country's largest minority. I would like to point out. however, 
that this is way out of line with the 1978 Information Please Almanac. 
which. on pa~e 760. lists the white population for 1976 as 186.603.000. the 
black populatlon as 24.141 .000 and all others as 3.674,..,000. 

LHARLES PHELPS 

/Slckle Cell Symposium 
. A symposium on sickle cell anemia will be held Friday and 

Saturday at UCSD in dedication of the Chemistry Research 
Building at Third College. 

The principle speaker will be Dr. Linus Pauling, discoverer of 
the molecular basis of sickling and winner of Noble Prizes in 
Chemistry and Peace. 

Fifteen speakers are scheduled to address the symposium, 
which is to begin at 9 am both days. The March 3 schedule is 
entitled "Chemical and Clinical Studies on Sickle Cell 
Disease," to be held at Mandeville Center Recital Hall. and on 
March 4 the subject will be " Hemes and Hemoglobin 
Experimental and Theoretical Studies." at Third Lecture Hall , 
107. Third College. I 

The symposium is free and open to the public. I 

In 48 hours you can learn to use 
your mind to do anything you 
wish. It has been said that Einstein used only 10% of his mind. and the 
general public u es only about 3% or 4%. And that's what Silva M ind Conlrol 
I> a II about: learning to use more of your mind . There is no limil to how far you 
ca n go: Ihere is no limit to what you can do. because there is no limit 10 Ihe 
power of your mand. Students repon simple things like learning to SlOp 
.moklng. 10 fall asleep without d rugs and wake up without clocks. to retieve 
nervou ness. to stop excessive drinking. to memorize long IislS and to improve 
creativity - to Ihe more sophisticaled Ihings like learning to develop ESP and 
to use dreams to solve problems and 10 get information. 

Over 1.000.000 people all over the world have taken Silva Mind Control. and 
so can yo u. To find OUI how. we 
Invite you to a free seminar . But a 
word of caul ion; it .. III change: your 
life . 

Silva Mind 
Control® 

Free lectures on March 6 and 7 
8 pm 4508 Mission Bay Dr. 

For Information cIII 297-0758 

\' our Independent Tobacconist 
Serves You First 

Expert Personalized 
Service 

Featuring: 
*One of the largest selections of 

pipes and cigars available 
*Walk-in cigar humidor 
*Custom-blended tobaccos 
*Unusual gifts for smokers 

and non-smokers 
*Expert pipe repair 

"We've Got It AI' ... " 

116 So .... Hilla Dr. 
50 .. _ Beac:1t 
5o.tltweet Co ... er of 1-5 
aad 1.0_ s..t. Fe Dr. 
(Ac ...... fro. v ..... Sa,,-O.) 
(714) 755-1041 

lZ98 Pro.ped St., S.ite 2C 
La JoUa, CA 92037 
..... C .... W ... 
(714) 459-2002 

CAMPUS INTERVIEWS March 6, 1978 
ACTRON. a division of McDonnell Douglas, is involv· 
ed in the design . development. manufacture and 
marketing of information systems equipment. Appli· 
cations inClude Industrial Automation. Microcomputer. 
Based Numerical Control (MNC) Systems; Sensors 
and Communications Systems, Information Processing 
and Display Systems, ~nd Microelectronic Custom 
Circuit Development and Applications. 

COllEGE MAJORS: ' COLLEGE DEGREES: 
Electrical Engineering 
Applied Physics 
Engineering Phys ics 

BS. MS 
BS. MS 
BS, MS 

• SENIOR ENGINEER, 
ENGINEER 

Participate on development of large scale integrated 
circuits in advanced semiconductor technology. 
Assist in the application of microcomputers to hard-
ware systems and subsystems and to general logic 
and circuit design. In the logic design area. empha· 
sis Is placed on the utilization of MOs/LSI techniques 
involving the MDC developed automated design 
system. 
Contribute in the development of system support 
software for use of the microcomputer and generation 
of associated real time applications programs. 
Support senior design personnel In the application 
of microprocessors to digital avionics Involving 
design and test. 



STRING QUARTET 
Beethoven: Quartet in G Major, Op. 18, No.2 
Schumann: Quartet in F Major, Op. 41, No.2 
Debussy: Quartet in G minor, Op. JO 

Friday, March 3, 1:38 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
452-4559 

·w ....... _.ot ..... 
-n.tMa,ullltl 

UCSD St: 52.SO, G.A. 57. SO 
UC San Diqo Box OfIIce 

In a Free Society Love Can Still be a Crime 
"Whips. liberll 
audience into I 
frenzy. There's 
something in the 
movie for any 
Sine person to 
Ipplaud. II spelks 
of the fascilt 
potentill of I police 
force within a 
democrlcy; moet of 
III, it dramatiz'l I 
Nxilm 10 virulent 
it Cln kill." 
-Frank Rich . 
New York Post 

Rona Barren (ABC. TV) SaY.: 
"The audience loveCt 'The One and Only' 

-they laughed their he.ds off!" 
--_.-

HENRY WINKLER 
• 

IS 

41' W ... I 

MATINIO 
DAILY '-..... 1IiiiiiiiO 

triton times 

Tim~ke'" 
ArUEdI&or 

VaIe.1Ine, Valentine (RCA) 
Mama Stallone muat be juat burninJ 

with .,ride. Not only has son Sylve!lter 
taken Hollywood by storm, but son Frank 
has recorded this album with the band 
Valentine and even played the hallowed 
halls of the Roxy on Valentine's Day. 

continuation from Sunbu,.& Finilh and 
Modem MUlic, with the same stylized 
Bill Nelson music and guitar work. As 
usual all of the material was conceived 
and created by Nelson. And here may lie 
a potential problem for the band. Despite 

....................... _ the fact that I'm a fan of Be Bop, Nelson's 
material is beginning to sound a bit 
rehashed . Perhaps he should try 
experimenting with some other styles. Of 
course , another Single like " Fair 
Exchange" couldn' t hurt either. 

The smooth, Vegas-style crooning of 
Frank Stallone is the key to the band's 
success, for without that they would be 
just another pop-rock lounge act. Even 
more importantly for the Valentine is 
Stallone's name and mere presence, 
which undoubtedly help the band in 
getting jobs. . 

Though I don't expect to see Valentine 
ever playinL sports arenas as a rock 
attraction: this is certainly not a put-
down on their music. It is, at worst, very 
listenable. But most of the muaic is better 
than that, especially when they delve into 
their a cappella. IDcluded in this debut 
album Is the son, "Take You Back" that 
Valentine performed in the rum Rocky. 
The rest of the material is consistent with 
Philadelphia cream-cheese soul. 
Craek &lie Sky (CBS) 

What is probably responsible for 
making Crack the Sky an interesting 
band is the veritable potpourri of musical 
styles that they use. It's hard to avoid 
comparisons with bands like Kansas and 
Boston, with even some Pink Floyd 
cognitions thrown in to boot. fool you follow what you hear/Will they 

blow us apart/Or kill us with virus 
darts/Or, rise up children, life goes on 
and on . 

mUSic is .... i"f' in that it requires 
The opening track "Nuclear Apathy" 

is musically similar to say, Kansas, but 
the lyrical content appears straight out of 
a Pink Floyd daydream: "Something's 
wrong from the moon my friends/Some-
thing 's wrong from the moon/In the dark 
you cannot see/In the dark the victory is 
fear/Like a fool you follow fools/Like a 

some appreciate it while 
at the provoking thought. 

Dras&ic Plas&ic, Be Bop Deluxe (Capitol) Nothing Gun here. In brief, a 
I've always felt that Be Bop Deluxe 

would one day make it big. This thought 
was most likely a result of enjoying their 

pro~ressive - style rock music . Their 

thinking blend of rock music 
without spaciness of, say, 
Yes. 

is an interesting 
. : ~. 

To perform March 11,..l8. 
UCSD's SONOR: 'a source of pride' 
In the l2ast few years, SONO.R 

- the Taculty_ D~W musIc 
ensemble at ucsD - has 
grown in both ~rsonnel and re~rtory. 'fhe public is invit~d 
to hear thIS group make Its 
Sherwood Han debut, Satur-

da~, March 11, at 8 pm. 
For the SherwoOd appear-

ance , conductor Bernard 
Rands will be joined by the La 
Jolla Civic/University Chorl;ls 
directed bj' DaVId Chase 10 
works by Maderna ... Ericksond Gaburo , ~rown , l1.ands an 
PendereckJ. 

Robert Erickson's " Kryl".for 
solo trumpet was entlluslas-
tically received at its premiere 
last year. It is therefore being 
encored by Edwin Harkins for 
whom it was written . Another 
program highlight, the ~end­
erecki "Statiat Mater", IS one 
of the most powerful modern 

settings of a religious text. 

Bertram Turetzky (Conta-
bass} will be featured as 
solOIst . Tickets will be 
available at the door for $3 

G~{Ieral, $1 Students and Senior 
CItizens . 

On March 14, the ensemble 
which has become a sourc;e of 
pride to the UC San DIego 
Music Department , will 
present a unique program ;it 8 
o ' clock in the MandeVIlle 
Auditorium . A .g,roup 9f 
enterprising mUSlClal)S hWI.1 
display the results of t. elf 
research in the area of Afrl(~an 
drumming under the dIrectIOn 
of Paul Dresher. 

Also on the program will be 
works by Marsh , Feldman, 
Jones, Krenek and Dallapi-

TIl~ 
(j~LC()~~ 

* $,1 jean CfJenel 
"A mil'Y'ol'ed WOl''ld of 
l'evo'lution8~ bI'othe'l8 ~ and human stI'U9g'les 

fol' dorlinanoe . .. 

mal: c)·1~ aU·l~ 
Ulf€f}'qj) f!7hea1w, 8:00/t.m. 

... 

* * 

$2.50 STUDENTS $3.75 GENERAL 
TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW AT 

UCSD Theatl'e Tioket Offioe 
Houl's: Monday-Friday ~ Noon-4: 00 pm 

CALL 452-4574 
,;( 

ccola. "Von Vorn Herein", is 
one of Ernst Krenek's latest 
works. It was performed in 
January when Krenek donated 
his jlOst-Vienna papers to the 
UCSD Library's Contemporary 
Music Archive. Vocalists Ann 
Chase and Edwin Harkins will 
be the evening's soloists. G~ITI' 
Gabel will cQlIduct the UCSD 
Voca Ensemble. 

SONOR, formed early in 1976, 
has enjo),ed enthusiastic 
receptions for Rerformances in 
San Diego, Los Angeles" 
Arizona and several Ul, 
campuses. Director of the 
group, Bernard Rands, hasjust 
been accorded one of lhe 
highest honors available to a 
comllOSer _ He will be the only 
one from the United States 
represented at the summer 
festival 'Of IRCAM - Pierre 
Boulez's institution in Paris. 

Admission to the UCSD 
concert is free . For information 
call: 452-3229, 

• All ... uwn_ 
-. 

-.n ... 
II IB_ 
•• WIM 

But beneath it all lies a band that is 
fundamentally sound, with a slick 
professionalism in both their recordings 
and performances that is more enticing 
than it is sterile. The challenge for Be Bop 
Deluxe is to not become sterile. 

Mama Let Him Play , Doucette (Mushroom) _ 
From the land of sky blue water or 

thereabouts comes a new band called 
Doucette. The Vancouver-based outfit is 
led by Jerry Doucette, singer/song-
writer/guitarist of a slightly different 
sound. 

Mama Le, Him Play marks Doucette ' 
debut recording with Mushroom 
Records, the same company that 
launched Heart with Dreamboat Annie 
several seasons back. 

Mushroom appears to have a good 
thing gOing for them, as evidenced by this. 
Doucette LP, with the Pacific Northwest 
as its talent breeding grounds. 

Mama successfully blends several 
styles of pop/ rock , from more mellow 
material to the genuine rock and roller 
exhibited by the title track . The band is 
tight though unobtrusive, but provides a 
good backdrop to Jerry DouceUe's guitar 
playing. 

XEROX 
COPIES~ 

2~~ with 
minimum 

OPEN 7:30 • . 111.· 10 p. lII. 11-' 
SlIU .... '. , Sunclly. 10.5 

triton times 

LIVE 
ENTERTAINMENT 
a REFRESHMENTS 

in our upstairs 
Casino Lounge 

* FREE PRIZES * 

TRIPS TO LAKE TAHOE, 
SAN FRANCISCO, LAS 
VEGAS, LOS ANGELES & 
MAMMOTH 

Gift Certificates for 
Dinners, Records, Sport-
ing Goods and much more. 
$1 Donation Requested 

SUN VALLEY 
Spring Carnival 

Ski Trip 
March 25-April 2 

Cost: $186 Bus/Condo 

Pege5 

Includes: Round trip lranspoltJtion; fin nilhb IodtinI and five 
dlYs lift tickets. 
Events: Tequila Slalom, IIn10m 1111 - defend our world 
Championship conehuds!! 2 Danca - live bands Pee. drinkinr 
.. e: 191. 

Tickets On Sale At 
Student Center Box Office 

Until Friday, M.ch 3 
- Limited -

• 

Saturday, March 4th 
8 P.M. to 12:30 A.M. 

UCSD GYM 

FREE GAMBLING 
CASINO GAMES 

Blackjack • Craps 

KENO 

Wheel of Fortune 
Roulette AND Poker 

Donations from 

AlA. 
CALIFORNIA 

Sponacnd b, UCSD Ph,1IeaI Education ~rtment 
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY 



W .... ..,.II.n:h 1.1"1 

..... , 
11M ratln. 
s~nz wins Superstars competition Basket Cases top Coed Despite a one·week absence of intramural basketball 

rankiqs due to Iut week's three day hoUday (forcing a number 
of games to be rescheduled). 1M ratiqs for the most part 
remained the same. The Basket Cases of the Co-ed Division 
took over the number one spot as previously top rated Come 
Again? fell to fourth and the Cases won handily over Our Gang. I 
62-40. Here are this week's ratings and pairings for the 

AiC\~ by outstandiq marks 
in til 50 yard freestyle. 
weigh lifting and basketball 
aupenbot. Revelle freshman 
Kim Senz won the iDdividual 
championship in last week· 
end's Superstars competition 
sponsored by the UCSD 
Physical Education Depart· 
ment. 

Senz totaled S613 points , 
including first place in 
basketball. a second in 
weigbtlifting (bench pressing 
260 pounds) and a third in the 50 
yard freestyle (24.9 - Sem is a 
member of the varsity water· 
polo team). For the second 
consecutive year. the Sch-
wabby Vees won the team title, 
compiling 13713 points. 

Record brokeD 

The Scbwabby Vees, com· 
DOSed of Dave Schwab. Steve 
Levine. Bob Alei, Mike Lee and 

Glenda Harp, won four events, 
two each in team and individual 
competition. Lee took first in 
the 50 yard freestyle swim (23.6 
and 92G points), Schwab won 
bowling (199 and 796 points) , 
Levine and Lee teamed to take 
the volleyball doubles (910 
points) and Levine and Alei 
took first in tennis doubles (900 
points) . 

Other top marks were by 
Doug McDonald in the 60 yard 
dash (6.67 and 844 points) . Lee 
Johnson in the weightlifting 
(320 pounds and 941 points) and 
Johnson again in the softball 
hitting competition (l043 
points) . 

O&ber IlaIllten 
Other individual and team 

finishers were: 
IDClivtdual 

(Finishers were decided on 
average points per event. not 
total points). Senz 5613 (701 .6 
per event). Peter Scbmalen-
berger SS43 (692.9). Raul 
Ramos 4129 (688.2) • Eugene 
Delenia S32S (66S .6) . Dave 
Schwab 4913 (614 .1). Diane 
Ludwig 4699 ' (587.4) and Hill 
4651 (581.3) . 

Team 
Vees 13783 (689.1). Snow Job 

13131 (656.5) , Second Coming 
12184 (609.2). Srevi Sclerbus 
12127 (606.3), Goose Creek 
Ganders 12037 (601.8), Cana· 
dian Club 11846 (623.4) and Low 
Points 9838 (S17.8) . 

upcoming playoffs. 
Men'. AAA 

Behind two hot shooting nights by Kevin Douglas, number 
one rated Abrewang blasted the Abusers 72·46 and the 
Superlative Scorers 81-56. Second billed Mojave Green edged 
Shitown 58-S1 while In Yo' Face crushed the Abusers 85·55. The 
Men's AAA raUnas: 

1) Abrewang (6-0) 
2) Mojave Green (S-I) 
3) In Yo' Face (3-3) 
4) Foggy Mountain Breakdown (3-3) 

Men's AA 
Boasting a front line of 6'10". 6'4" and 6'4" . the 'Screaming 

Eagles overcame Rosy's Rising 62-37 and the Yellow Rags 48-25 
to maintain their stranglehold (sorry Ted Nugent) on the 
number one spot. Med remained the second rated team by 
easily beating the Ombudsmen 78·34. The Men's AA poll: 

1) Screaming Eagles (6-0) 
2) Med (4-0). 
3) Run_N' Gun (S-O) 

Only one individual record 
was broken duriq the four day 
event. Keith Hill won the mile 
run in 4: 51 , the first time the 
eveDt had been run. The win in 
the race gave Hill 930 points, 
which aicfed him to a seventh 
place overall finish in the 
individual competition with 
4651 points. 

Women's tennis falls 4) Whiff (5-0) 5) Hustler (S-O) Men's A For the second straight week. Glada tops the Men's A poll. 
by KareD HUDter 

Staff Writer 
.. Disappointing" would be 

the best word to describe the 
state of affairs in men's and 
women's tennis this past 
weekend at UCSD. 

Glada gave. Stumpy the short end of the stick. 58·36 while the 
second rated Petrified Trailburgers won three times since the 
last rankings. including a 54·37 decision over Scripps. The 
Men's A ratings: 

1) Glada (6-0) 
2) Petrified Trailburgers (6-0) 

Palomar College handed the 
women their third loss of the 
season in a close match. H. 
Lisa Winsten continued her 
winniq ways by posting a 6-3. 
6·7, 6-2 victory. thanks to steady 
play and a touch of patience. 

.
... ::~~~~~~::::~~;;;;:=~=~:-- Strength came once again from the fourth and fifth singles 

positions. Cathy Kozmary 
defeated her opponent 6-4. 6 ... . 
Amy Goldenberg fought her 
way to a victo!,¥. 6-0, 4-6. 6·1 . in 
the number five position. 

3) Inputs·Outputs (S-O) 
4) Gophers (5-0) 
S) Tchichaes (4-1) 

Coed 

d'Re S'osurf cl/,Ifoir 
~=n 

creations 
with this ad 

2 for the 1 price of 

TREMENDOUS SAVINGS 
now "'-BRING 
at ""-M 
Girl's-Gu~'s and Children's 

. . Sportswear 
r.;;;i'7?.r.=:;~;;.: 

Assorted Styles 
Only 

Plus: 

Cords 
Only $999 

Dresses: $"-$1391 
Turtle-Cowlnecks: $399-$599 

And Much More!! 
5887 University Ave 

(nxt. door 10 Ihe Clnerllma Thea're) 
Phone 287·9160 • 

Hr.: Mon-Frl: 10-9 Sal: 10·6 Sun' 12·5 

The fourth team win of the 
afternoon came from the 
number one doubles duo of Pam 
Gold and Lisa Winsten, 6 ... . 6-
3. The women have a short lay-
off until they meet their next 
opponent. San Diego State. on 
March 7. 

Meanwhile. the men's tennis 
team drew three blanks without 
playing a single opponent. The 
Tritons were unable to schedule 
a hoped·for match against CSU 
Fullerton so there was no 
contest on Friday. 

Saturday morning brought 
grey skies and, once asain. no 
match. Due to a locatIon mix-
UP. CSU Northridge was left 

waitin~ at their courts in 
Northridge while the UCSD 
team waited here. 

Sunday brought the third 
disappointment of the weekend 
as the team found there were no 
courts available to playa 
scri mmage matc h against 
visiting Iowa State. 

Hopefully , the men had 
better luck and a chance to play 
some matches as they took on 
San Diego State yesterday 
afternoon. 

As already mentioned. the Basket Cases replaced Come 
Again? as the top ranked team. Suck Mucks. the second rated 
team. gave the Cartwrights fits, 42·28 while the Coed's popped 
the Paper Bags 44·34 . The Coed poll: 

1) Basket Cases (6-0) 
2~ Suck Mucks (S· l ) 
3) Coeds (S·I) 
4) Come Again? (S-l) 
5) Fobo (4·2) 

S'10" and Under 
Second ranked Intercourts III. although not impressive in 

their 68-53 win over the Daily Bruin. kept pace with top rated 
Ditto. winning for the sixth consecutive week. The S'10" poll: 

1) Ditto (6-0) 
2) Intercourts III (6-0) 
3) Mindless Wonders (5-1 ) 
4) Zoning Still (4-1) 
5) Popcorn Machine (4·1) 
In the Bottom Five. undefeated Up On Top Again is just that 

- on top of the garbage heap despite a perfect 6-0 record (the 
Bottom Five is courtesy of the 1M office as are the rest of the 
ratings) . Those bad boys from TT. the Yellow Rags lostfor the 
fifth straight week even though center Alan Russell continues to 
lead the division AA in scoring with a 24.S points per game 
average. The Beef By-Products won their first game (37·29 over 
the Rags) and slipped to number five . 

Playoff Pairings: Although league play is not over. 1M Co-
Director Lee Johnson has announced the pairings for each 
division. Women's: the top four teams from the Meyers League 
are in (double elimination) . Coed: the top (our teams from the 
Carter. Richards and Bryant Leagues are in plus two potential 
wild card teams. Men's AAA: the top six teams in the Buse 
League are in. Men's AA: the top four teams from the Ratlen. 
Washington. Tomjanovich. McQinnis. Erving. Barry and 
Lucas Leagues are in plus four votential wild card teams. 
Men's A: the top four teams from the Havlicek. Bradley. 
Riordan. Tatum and Erickson Leagues are in plus four 
potential wild card teams. S'10" and Under: the top four teams 
from the Abdul Jabbar. Walton and Gilmore Leagues are in 
plus one potential wild card team. 

FaD 197. r · .... t ........ ~~ •• " . " .......... ~.~~~ 
. ~ :!~== 
. , 983 India , 
i 327 F Street i ~ PAYSDONORS f ( t ( for Service ! 
( Mon . . Fri . ( 
I 233-5481 I 
i 234.4601 \ L~--.. ....... ~ •. ~.~ ........... ~~ .. ,.c 

Join the 
Semester at Sea of the 

University of Colorado for an 
unparalleled Intematlonlll 

educational experience. Sail from 
los Angeles Sept. 9. by way of the 

South Pacific. Indian Ocean. and AfrIca. 
Application now being accepted. 

For Fro. Color Brochur • . call or ..nl.: Semester al Se •. TaJ Mahal Bu'lding. 
p. O. &x 2488. Laguna Hill • • CA 92654. T.lepholl4! (800) 854-0.95 holt·free 
outside California) (7 '4) 581-6770 (In California ). 55. Un_Is fully air· 
conditioned. 18.000 ton •• of Uberl~n regi.I'1I. 

........ .,. lIarch 1. 1.71 triton times Pille 7 

triton classifieds THE L··~···NG 
AND THE 

CLAII.,..ED AlII: 
---; .,..1 .. -lie .......... ; II ~ 1 .. _ . 

~.,.-_ -_11,. __ . houllng 
"" euoprtoo ... : W_. For 11*. r .. ool. 
.-. . ....-. ""'- ...... f"_. 
y_ ... -- .. ,.,- _ lit __ or 

I lIoIrm ...... Coado. lor ... or ..... _.,.,.111 
unllll' .. IaClrUbad. 21J.1U-t7l7: 714-__ (llloi 
-_ w_ ........ to IIIan _ 2 bdrm . 
.-. Own nn . . ... boLII . ....... .... r eomptll. 
lieU ...... -.HZIt f415J 

- .. _ ........ _ ......... ..,In~ z .... ____ '_M .... _ ... 
_ -. lor .... ~ __ ....... _ on 

I ...... ·' MooMy ...... f".....,. 

personals 

II _IC WO_ SoIou.-clo own "*II llllmo. 
CIIl Joe 715 · 7111 belwun 1·11 pm (1 / 3 ' 
Unlo. Chy-Ge_ Hlplondo a r ... Own nn Ia 
::r~u_. 3 IIdnn condo. 1145/ month. CaU 

.. n . (3/S) 

Baja Natural HlItory Cruiae In tAt s.. 01 Cortel. , _ 
cloy • . Ma r. 26-Apr. 2 1350. Contact: F. Rokop 2254 
8B x47'1V .3/101 

Studio wIthout kltch 1134/ mo . • t\ac hed •• r .... 
IIHr beach. SoI.na Beach. Bac k yard 75S-:M1I (3 /31 

services 
\I ·\\IMOTII HE~T/\L Ski l'h .. dcl .,It'l'~ 10 3 
blcx' ks Irom lifts 7". Tr.\ to plan vou r IriP 3 '0" 
'4t'l'ks dhcdd nununum SkIIng s hou ld be I recti thnl 
)'I u) Cll lI Dou, 171,1) 540-521"1 or en" no.~71 131'1 

Medical Scho larship" 500 immediate .. ·year 
medJeal.cboolacholarsbipt available IOfnterl~ or 
en rolied med .ludentJ Cal l Navymedical team2t3· 
6444. (41121 

Singers jam our wonderful Madrilal Group Ca ll 
C>n.hla :1/12·.99 13/ 11 

WORK IN JAPAN' Teach EnaUlh convtrsation_ 
No expenence, ~Iree . or Japane8e requi red . eoo 
lonl , stamped, self·addressed envelope lor details 
Japan - IN. "U W, center. Centralia. WA NSlI 
.3/61 

Roo. HIPPY Third Decade to .... bIc",ammon 
champlon 01 1M week! Watcb out ror de, d bodie. in 
• 1M! dltchn. - your tutchln,c buddy 

UCSD'I M.n 01 Il1o Weft PO. 2 _ \0 lllke N .... 
UneolDanlae , I.Mu ir) , Nice curly bllr . 'nlce 
. kaleboard , nice l.n . nice etceterl . U /l) 
We 've 101 spirit, you katw we do! ea ... WamG', 
\~lflnnerOISPltltNilCl! T ...... RAludcnlleo! 

May your iii. be IWod wllllledric choc:u ebupa 
.nple • •. nome IUt _ . _1'0 ....". .... (brriDa) : 
and welldol who call tllltmMlve •• rienda IUch u 
th .. one (5111 

For your Ifth birthday Rob R ah R.h SI. Boom 
Rah" I I' l l) , 
To the la t of the red hot )oven: Happy nineteenth 
Irom co rre • • rice ( M . J 01 MJB ) 1311 I 
Vl rlinily I. an auet wilh,featopponunltyCOlt but 
with ,realer utility, i3/H . 

Crouley Amole .. B 18 now C.J i. now V,M I. still me. 
tOOn '0 be 1ft RD . (3/ 11 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOLIVIA BOBI Simple bul 
efrective, lrom one mixed up kid to a nother. (3/ 1) 
AlexlJ: You are Aim my lite .. JUltlhewayyouare. 
Happy no. 20! Lo ... CIIIII (3/1) 
POD I' Qot d .. rtna. part o( )lant? To,etber the)' 
Irorm i whole. merlin.c Imoone "Welcome' thana 

rA .3/0 
rocus il a aludeftt run telephone help-11M. We here 
'0 h'len 4~_ (!II) 
Nancy. I have more ideas for your paper Dave 
Urom scco 'rip) 420-1'" ("I) 

Graduate Student CouncH 
anllOlllClS 

Winter Madness Party! 
"*tnr 

filii. IIrIIIIIs, IIIIIIk 

SlturdaY. IIIrcb 4 8 pm 
At SIIrfINIISaWI ....... , 

RESEARCH PAPEIlS - Thoosand on llle 12 75 
per pale. OrJllnal resedrch also aY~1I18bl~ Send 
"00 lor ca •• log. NAT/ONAL RESEAR H ._ 
Wllstllrt' no 2l .. LA 90024 11131 479-1096 13/ 171 

P~O~ESSI07' .-\L TIIESI S MA:\ l ' SC RIPT 
T\ PING Experlerw.-ed thurouihly familiar ~I th 
all ' omllc s tyle requirements Ru.h Jobl" 3Cct'pled 
IBM Corre<.'lmg ~leclrlc '1J typewn ter O~y $66-
331 I. t!ve ~-29f7 16/ 91 

P rofeSS iona l TYPing . RedSOna1jle R"le~ JHM 
Corret·tlng SeIe<.1.n(" CaU (or Free- t.;sl lmdlc G.,1I1 
481 -7540 16 /91 

Typist IBM SelectriC II . dicta phone aVillia ble 
Very reasonable r ales 4.' · 2193 13' " 

NEED A TYPIST' Reasona ble ra"'. PEEOY 
SERVICE. IBM .. 1f-<:o,....,.I11& Ka.hle 27'i-l1'l9!l 
after l2 00 noon, (31171 

Typinl-lelrcorrtcUn, J8M .eJectnc tenn papers. 
these. , etc experae~ U2· I~ e\'eningl. fil l" 
'rYPING ' IBM Selectriclennpapers tM PhD 
d .... rt.tio .... odiun,c • . RUSH JOBS : 4S3,u _ 
IITI , 2_311. 452·ISU lilt) . 
Prof TYPlnl . reports , ml.e. paper. 60f PI 
Accurate. (fist IBM carbon ribbon mCh. Call BEE ' 
753·73M. Clip ad plea~ . • 3111 • 
Tutorin,-Caiculul. Alaebra, Tria Anal (Geom.l . 
Phy.lcs . S ••• lltlCs . Call Ish 2.7 ·475. 15/24) 

Typlnl-e.per~fK'ed . relwble. reU$onable IBM 
Correctlna SelectriC CM II flnyllme fM"()127 Mrs 
Old,. 1619, 

!.EARN SP"NISH 
If you really want 10 learn Spanlah qUickly. nut'ntJ.y 
and corTeCtly. and Ir you have lhe couraae and 
.lamIna for In~nlive and dilCipJined 'hldy, come 
ror a t )ea •• one month to Cuernavaca Lanaua.c 
School. First monthUOO. Followin. (our weeu rzoo 
Pnvate tutor ayallable at 1350 ror 50 hOUri. OrLaill: 
APOO , ".0 Cuernayaca . MeXICO ( WI /?) 

for sale 
1_ VW automatic tran.miJltOn BUi u kul& Il00. 
"1 ·1040 (3/ 1) 
1f75 Honda XLI75. new 1R1I7I, $010 milH. excellent 
condition . 1525 . call Er ic 411 - 13S8 (3 / 6 ) 

1 .... Fillcon 22mpi Standard 'r," misJion RURI 
Y~ry well 1500 ...... · U97 after 5 pm (3 11) 
p .... eot 1010 Pod 1150 mI .• 1 yrold. $375 or bnl oIl.r. 
Howard tS3-421t (t / 5 ) 

Corvette· .M7 con VI,. w/ removable hard top, mUit 
lee. Be,t oUer oyer lS,otO Howard W-4_ 14/ 5) 
74 SUluki 500 .t.r'eetbtke 11M new Urf', relLlblel6SO r:,~MW RtoS low miln ...... bike SaSGO 4.lH46.'I 
Kawaskl .t72/U 150 Dunlop Kil l DencoChlmbers 
Very lood bik •. mUit •• 11 _ . Call 211_1 (3 /3) 

Su'pport: 
• Environmental concerns 

• Improved transit 
• Student services 
• Fiscal responsibility 

• Moderate income housing 

RE-ELECT 
JOHN WEARE 

Del Mar Cily Council Eleclion March 7 

travet 
BOOK ON CAMPUS: Eu,-. Haw.h and N~ 
Yo"" Charter FliplI. C1EP. S.udent Trov.1 Student 
C.nlCr B-IU. 0.- ~·~kday. IH. CaU .~ __ 
111111 

wanted 
Earn ~·I./h r' Filii or port-time .. 1e .... ...., ..... 11 
Punty Wi ler Co. '1 motllO . • a~ pm (3/31 

Jnt.erview. wanted with people who have been 
subJ~ta: in medical eJtpenmentation for mecila 
article CaU (213) 410_ (3/31 

Cash paid (or . w, clau flllIa . je-.elry. dentil l 
l'old .• terlm • • rtl PRIMS U .S SUverCOlnJ Ken7~ 
7371 (4171 

SH-·RT OF IT 
THUONG:lf you are between 17· and 32 years old 
and would like to experience Israel for 6 months. a 
semester or year . we've got the programs! Learn 
Hebrew. volunteer In a development town . dig into 
a kibbutz. live the land and the people in these 
historic ti mes. Most programs cost little more than 
airfare alone. Room and board iHe included . Col-
lege credits are available where applicable . 

, Arust'. a&li'Lanl $3/ hr 2Ohra/wk mUSl ~ ab'e to 
work last 6: proflcJently With acrylics Ph .. n -'6 
13/31 - '. 

Ylodeb M ... I .. f"vod PdY luI"' the niht ~r.son bend 
ph olo PO tio"( IfiU L .. JOI 'd 9:.!OU 13 81 

Microcomputer pr"OIrammef'l. earn money by 
leuln, us markel your prOlrams Any type 
program on any system. ContraC1 jobc available 
Ala n 5a3-7Ut (3 / 24) 

THE SHORT: If you are In high school . college. or ~ 
older you should spend this summer in Israel . There ~ 
are dozens of programs to choose from-many of-
fering college credits . Be an archaeologist . work 
on a kibbutz . learn Hebrew. dance . tour . discover 
your lewish roots . All programs offer rare 
challenges and in·depth Israeli experiences. 

Female needed to share room J bdrm boule. 
MIS Ion Beach. " .75' 1/4 util . on~lmOker 481.S366 
e\'enmJII 13/ 17) 

announcements 
Toni.ht' UCSO Concen ChoJr renorm. Bach :~~h';!~E'1;~rI~:~f!~::1/no,.. pm MandeYllir 
Utah Senat~rJake Gam 10 debate Dean, USO Law 
School on nf::t or l.ubUc employee. to ,trike Free ~~~~I~~·O ur. arch I ; • pm Salomon Leclure 
Juule Club f11fttinl W ..... Mardr I Roc Gym 
Confenmce Room 7 pm. Corne' 

lost & found 
Gone! % pane" pMtOi. painUDe of research on 
syna_ lrom w.U. APM lA ' BIG REWARD. NO 
QUESTIONS 

Found. Key. in Mayer Hall , 3rd floor. nelrPhYIiCi 
Dept orr,co 

Found: A pair of stron, eye-llasN., .ref (rames. 
Id~Uly at 'M' om"" 

Lott. Rew,rd! DaYli classic racket w/cover lr ,rip 
tape. Please return . Jorle .11 ·1539 . ile st. 

f·········FREE·········~ 
CUp of Soup 

with this coupon 
Good thru March 8 
JB'. N.twra' 

: . Foofl EMpOria. • 
• 292-A1J : 
••........•..........•......... 

So whether you 're Interested In the Ions or the short • 
of it call today or write for the free de")crlptive ~ 
booklet . 
----------------------

Amerlc ... Zionist Youth foundAtion 
IsrAel ProsrAm Center 515 Park Avenue. 
New York . N.Y. 100ZZ (21Z) 751 -6070 
Nam~ 

54 

Cily _______ S ..... ____ _ Zlp __ _ 

Age ___ T .. I .. p~on. ;--_-:--:-_________ _ 
( .... cod.) 

I am I nt~rested In • ..J long (erm l..- short t~rm progr-'ms 

'"UN ISRAEL 
••••••• 

• DON'T HOp·. 
• AROUND! • 

WE'VE GOT THE BEST DEALS • 
IN TOWN • 

Tune-up Special • 
TUNE-UP FOR YOUR VW OR DATSUN • 

- INCLUDES: PLUGS. POINTS. • 
CONDENSOR. VALVE COVER 

GASKETS. ADJUST VALVES. ADJUST • 
CARBURETOR. CLEAN DISTRIBUTOR 

CHECK PLUG WIRES. SET DWELL • 
AND TIMING. INCLUDES OIL CHANGE. • 

SpeCial 

-• 
• 
• 
• 
-

WE WILL: REPLACE ALL BRAKES. 
MACHINE ALL DRUMS, PACK FRONT 
BEARINGS. REPLACE FRONT SEALS. 
ALL PARTS & LABOR. DISC BRAKES 
SliGHTL Y HIGHER - NO 
HYDRAULICS INCLUDED 

(REGULARLY $64 ON MOST) 

$54.95 DATSUN 
(REGULARLY S74 ON MOST) 

~uto 

GASKETS & FILTERS 
GUARANTEED 6 MOSi6.000 MILES $25.95 VW • 

(REG $35) • 
ON MOST 

$44.95 DATSUN • 
(REG $55) • 
ON MOST • 

ra 1 
: .... . . f. ,' .. CI ) 

I 
• 

• 
INDEPENDENT DATSU/II • IIOlKSWAGEN 

PARTS - REPA IR. SERVICE 

• 
-• 
-• 

• 
• 
• 

4887 VOlTAIRE STREET. OCEAN BEACI-1 22So0 t83 
4600 EL CAJON Blvo . EAST SAN DIEGO 283.2271 

PLEASE PRESENT TI-1IS AO BEFORE SERVICC 

•• 
•• 

• OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 , 1978 

-. 
••••• •• 

• • • 



CAMP JCA 
nlll~llIt_ 

" ... 
........... 

White ' Whales and' 
Other Mentorabilia 

......... 1I*I,"'I111--=-TUESDAY, MARCH 7 
CII: ..... Jill CIIIIr Troubles? Complaints? Did somebody·screw you? Our 

.. II1II.1 •• pC Fraction Line staff at the Times 
C. PI 1'1 L."ul.... . ' is ready to come to bat for you. 

L_~II_".Jlr!!''''!!!!!L!JI!!!.lt_IR~._. _~ Just drop us a letter. And 1.1 II II _ _ _ _ include posta ... ~. 
Dear FraeUoa lJae: Several 

months ago I ordered a 
shipment of condoms from the 
Grapbic Propbalactic Com-
pany. I sent a money order of 
$10, but have not received the 
promised shipment. How shall I 
say it? I'm desperate!!!! P.A. 
PO Box THX 1138. 

Dear P .A.: A prompt letter to 
tbe Graphic Propbalactic 
Company got youyourrubben. 

Enjoy them if you can, 
sucker. 

You didn't know it, but our 
staff consists of a bunch of 
retired gumshoes. Frankly, we 
were a bit tired of quibbling 
over guarantees , tracking 
down errant Social Security 

by AIaa Ru .. eD 
checks and husUing cfe,enerate 
landlords. Your letter piqued 
our interest. 

First, why would any normal 
American order hi' "for 
prevention of disease. only" 
device through the mail instead 
of going to the neighborhood 
drug store? You hit us with a 
red nag, buddy. We figured you 
were either a bigh school kid, 
or ... 

Further, wby a money order? 
What happened to a good old 
fashioned check? You have 
something to hide maybe? 

And the give away was the 
post office box and initials. 
Afraid to reveal your own 
name? Didn't want even a plain 
brown package delivered to 
your place of residence? 

Well, Mr. Paul Alroy, well 
known UCSD administrator, 
civic leader, and backbone of 
the community, we figured that 
our reading public would also 

Come register now for our drawings 
on the 11th! 

Outfitted backpacking 
trip for two. 

Includes ski lessons 
and rentals at 
Sugar House West. 

Great Pacific Mountain Works are wilderness outfitters. We offer the highest quality 
equipment and apparel for back-packing, 'hiking and mountain-climbing - everything for 
roughing it! 

Top Quality Back-
packing Equipment 
from: Jansport, 
Trailwise, Raichle, 
Ascente, Coming 
Attractions, Wilder-
ness Experience, 
Sierra West, and 
others. No purchase 
necessary. 

Other grand ' opening include 

T-Shirt to 
customers with 510 
purchase or more. 
Manufacturer Re-
presentatives will be 
on hand on the 4th to 
present their mer-. 
chandise and answer 
questions. 

- Rentals - Sales - Instructional Services - Repairs-
Off 1-5 at the Del Mar racetrack exit, 

Via de la Valle, East to the Flower Hill Shopping Center. 
2670 Via de la Valle Phone: 481-SKIS 
Suite A-210 

be interested in these very 
questions also. Ob, you ask how 
we got your name? Very 
simple, bimbo. A stakeout of 
lbe post-office and a subse-
quent tail to your home did the 
Job. 

But then the real fun started. 
Frankll' for appearances 

sake, you re a boring man, Mr. 
Alroy. Our surface investiga-
tion revealed nothing of 
particular interest. Your 
typical of all UCSD administra-
tors - you bate college kids. 
Besides that, you're married, 
have three kids and a dog with a 
flea collar. 

But, Mr. Alroy, we dug a little 
more, and what did we find? 
You're right, Mr. Alroy, DIRT. 
Tons of it. A payload in fact, as 
you'll see. 

Now we would say more, and 
we could print the really juicy 
details, but Fraction Line has 
decided to dabble in another 
field . Yes, right again, Mr. 
Alroy, blackmail. 

Now, Alroy, we figure we 
went to a lot of work getting 
your crumby rubbers (and an 
economy brand at that). How 
much work? Oh, say $25,000 
worth. You can afford it . 
They've raised both Reg Fees 
and your salary. 

And if you think we're 
kidding we refer you to your 
Jan. 29 engagement with Jill 
"boom boom" Silver, your 
secretary, at the "No Tell 
Motel." What we have on tape 
will hold up better in court than 
you did. 

But now to business - you've 
bad enough pleasure . We 
expect the money by next week 
or the reporting in this column 
will suddenly start getting 
more interesting, if you get our 
drift. 

••••• 
And if you, the public, have 

any complaints, write to your 
friends at Fraction Line. You'll 
be glad you did. 

BSU ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

Strong explained that the 
reason for this is because the 
AS over-allocates. 

"The AS initially gave the 
BSU a $4,300 budget. Out of that 
budget, we were actually given 
$1,800, 80 that we were over-
written for the other $2,500. The 
AS never informed us of this at 
the time. We're suppose to 
return that $2,500 to the AS," 
said Strong. 

Strong feels that the AS 
should set up a workshop to 
explain their handling of 
budgets. 

The BSU also acts as a job 
resource for the staff as well as 
the students, said Armstrong. 
She said that the opportunities 
range from professorships to 
police work. 

"We have some job oppor-
tunities that aren't even in the 
Career Placement Office," 
said Armstrong. 


