
Winch tow propels a glider into the air in the 32nd Annual Torrey Pines Mid-Winter Championship Gliding Meet. Sunday's con~lusion of the two-day event. The in!!J. -tlqt at Torrey Pines Gliderport, drew contestants from all 
Despite Saturday's inclement weather, almost 5000 people showed up, with even greater crowds expected at over the nation, and includes such categories as distance, altitude and flight duration. 

La Jolla Vil.lage 
heb~~!llil pO~Jae~De~~dering 

Slalf Writer Gilman Drive. 
Due to opposition from Changes in the housing plans 

several community groups the include reduction of square-
City Planning Commission footage by 17 percent, changing 
hearing concerning the revised of site plans to the southwest 
plans forU6 residential units at corner of the center and 
the La Jolla Vf1lage Specialty conversion of 75 two-bedroom 
Center was postponed Thurs- units into 115 one-bedroom 
day for four weeks, according units plus a two-bedroom unit 
to UCSD Senior Planner for the manager. 
Patricia Collum. The objections shared by the 

The University Community community groups are that the 
Planning Group and the UCSD reduction in square-footage is 
Campus Community Planning too great, the site plans are 
Committee are opposed to the pooraad oDe:bedroom \,mits. are 
developers' changes in plans inappropriate_ 
for the university-oriented The City Planning Commi -
housing, which is a part of the sion hearing concerning the 
May Stores Shopping Center's revised housing plans is 
project. The center will be scheduled for May 4 at 1: 30 pm 
located west oCI-5 off of La Jolla in City Council chambers. 

"Creative activity" also Important 

Parking fees may double 
Increase would go for hospital plan 

by Mark S~dler told Moser the garages are which would cost about $5.5 
Senior Editor necessary because of pressure million for a reported 700 

The administration is from Hillcrest residents, who parking spaces would be 
considering a proposal that are upset with crowding caused completed by 1980 Johnson 
would approximately double by hospital employees's cars_ said. ' 
parking fees for UCSD stu-
dents, faculty and staff over the 
next three years, the Triton 
Times has learned. 

The proposal would use the 
increased parking fees to fund 
the construction of at least one 
parking garage at the UCSD-
operated University Hospital in 
Hillcrest, according to sources 
close to the administration. 

Vice-chancellor of Financial 
Management H.D. Johnson 
confirmed this development in 
a Friday afternoon meeting 
with Muir College AS Repre-
sentative Gary Moser. Johnson 

The hospital, which is located 
about 10 miles southeast of 
UCSD, has become increasing-
ly important in recent months, 
as university officials an-
nounced it will be the site of a 
multi-million-dollar cancer 
research center and library. 

Student or "S" parking fees 
now cost $4-per month, or about 
$36 for a school year. Faculty or 
" A" permits cost $6-per month, 
or about $54 for a school year. 
Staff, or "B" permits cost $5-
per month, or 60 annually. 

Johnson told Moser that 
while parking fees will continue 
to rise as new garages are 
planned for the ,hospital , they 
will never increase further than 

Moser said Johnson told him 
that while Parking Services 
and the campus Architects 
Offices have already com-
pleted feasibility studies on the 
garages, he has not yet finished 
putting together a comprehen-
sive proposal to be given to the 
parking Advisory Committee 
for discussion and camp" 
input. 

Research called-key to tenure UCLA's, which at $108-per school year are the highest fees in the UC system. 
Parking permit money must 

However, sources close to the 
administration said several 
proposals for fund ing the 
garages have been in the works 
for the past few weeks. The 
sources said the actual decision 
to use parking fees for the 
garages was made several 
months ago. 

The proposal Johnson re-
leases will go immediately to 
the Parking Committee for 

by Reed Alpert 
Associate News Editor 

Research and creative 
activity is considered the most 
important criterion in deter-
ming if a professor receives 
te.nure at UCSD, according to 
VICe-chancellor of Academic 
Affair Paul Saltman. 

The other three criteria that 
are used are teaching, profei-
slOnal competence and activity' 
and university and public 
service. 

" Research and creative 
activity is the most important 
thing we look at ," said 
Saltman, adding that UCSD is a 
university, not a college, and as 
such scholarly research is one 
of its prime functions. 

"I also consider teaching to 

be extremely important ,' 
Saltman said. He said this must 
be teaching at both the 
undergraduate and graduate 
level. 

Receiving tenure from the 
University of California means 
that the professor has a 
commitment from the univer-
sity stating that he has a 
position on the regular faculty 
until death or retirement, 
barring any major progra-
matic or physical supplement 
changes. It is an assurance to 
the professor that he has a 

continuing appointment. 
When a professor comes up 

for consideration of tenure the 
department of which he is a 
member oreoares a file that 

Jarvis, Kapiloff to 
debate Prop 13 here 

The co-au~h?r of PropoSition 13, the Jarvis-Gann lower 
property tax Imtiative, and a state assemblyman are scheduled 
to debate the issues behind the proposition Wednesday night at UCSD. 

Howard Jarvis, executive director of the Los Angeles County 
Apartment ASSOCiation, and Larry Kapiloff, D-San Diego, will 
peak ~t the forum, set to start at 7: 30 in the Mandeville AuditorIUm. 

~rea. US Attorney Michael Walsh will moderate the debate, 
WhlCh IS sponsored by UCSD Extension .. 

!wo staff members of the CBS-TV documentary 10 Mlnu&el 
I ~Ill be at the debate to film portions of it for an upcoming 
I .,eg~ent on the potential effects of the proposition. 

Tickets for the debate cost $2. Extension officials said child 
care will be provided for children 2 years and older. 

. be used because usual sources 
evaluates the professor in of funding such as state or 
de~th ~n t~e above criteria. federal gra~t money, cannot be 
ThiS hie IS forwarded to used for parking facilities, 
Saltman, who then reviews it Johnson said. 
and sends a copy to both the . The first parking garage 
provost of the college of which 

discussion and its recom-
mendation , because the 
proposal must be submitted to 
the UC Board of Regents by the 

(Please tum to page 8) 
the professor is a faculty 
member and to the Dean of Ap p II cat I II b I ~~:e~~:;. Students Manuel I Ion s a val a e 

The file and the recommen- to r '78 '79 ed lito r po ts dations of the provost, Roten- - S 
berg and Saltman are then 
given to the Academic Senate's Applications for positions on the 1978-79 Triton Times Executive 
Committee on Academic Board are now available in the newspaper office, in the southwest 
Personnel. The committee's comer of the Student Center. 
recommendation goes back to All ten board positions will be filled for one-year terms. The 
Saltman for his final action and ap~li.cations for Executive ~nd Manal!{ing editor- the two ranking 
scrutiny. positions on the staff - Will be avatlable until the fourth week 

If a professor disagrees with of the quarter. Applications for the other eight positions will be . 
Saltman's decision he can available until the sixth week. 
appeal it to Chancellor William The exact dates for the interviews and elections of next year's 
McElroy, UC President David editors will be written on the application form . 
Saxon, or the UCSD Faculty Weekly pay for the jobs range from $15.00 to $50.00 The available 
Committee on Privaledge and positions include: 
Tenure. Executive editor, who holds ultimate responsibility and 

The level of agreement authority over the entire paper. Long-term budgeting and 
between the department , planning and public relations are among the Executive editor' 
Rotenberg, Saltman and the duties. 
Com mit te eon A cad e m i c Managing editor, who manages the day-to-day operation of the 
Personnel is, according to paper and ties together the editorial department. The Managing 
Saltman, about 95 to 98 percent. editor coordinates the individual department and hulds complete 

"The bums are bums and responsibility in the Executive editor' ab ence. 
nobody worries about them," News editor, who coordinates the entire Triton Time new 
said Saltman, " brilliance is department, making sure the campu is adequately covered. Th 
brilliance and everybody News editor is also responsible for the development of a writina 
recognizes it. " staff and for the editing'of all new copy. 

In the UC system there is the Science editor, who will assist the News editor in providing 
eight-year-rule, which states · coverage of science new on and off campu . Thi i a newly 
that is a professor has been established editorial po ition, 
e~ployed ~y UC for ei,ht years <?ther available position are A sociate New editor, Sports 
Without bem, awarded tenure editor, Arts editor, Photo editor and Copy editor_ 
he must be let ,0. "Ilis the up or Applicants will be a ked to provid writing ampl or oth r 
out rule, " said Saltman. example of their journalistic experien nd ability, 



liliiii_ .....,. AId 10. 1171 ,.... 

Qa1n1pD! 
·Letters to the qditor 

Umr. Growth p.?l~~!~~ RE..~~l!i~D~~~ti~~~WueRDC. 
I wish to correct a minorf. rorin mentioned tbat growth manage- entering the R".,ublican iuberna-

an otherwiae excellent article by ment was not popular with the torial primary. I believe I referred 
Laura Richter on a petition drive conservative wing o( the Republi- to these people as readionaries, not 
(or growth management 1n San can Party in California, a (act Republicans. This distinction is 
Diego. In the course of my which has influenced Mayor Pete important because growth man-

Dave Pickett 
will be missed 

Editor: 

,_-= _________ ~ ___ -------~- agement is increasingly becomina 
a bi-partisan issue with substantial 
support (rom the progressive 
elements of both the Republican 
and Democratic parties. 

Though Dave Pickett and J 
were often at odds politically, 
and I didn't know him as well as] 
would bave liked to,l considered 
him a friend. He' was a nice guy, 
shared hi. cigarettes with me, 
and lent me bus fare when I 
needed It. We bad countless 
discussions in the Revelle and 
Muir coffee shops on such 
matters as art, rock and roll, 
economics and political theory 
and his awareness and intelli-
gence forced me to think about 
matters I used to think I was too 
"hip" and jaded to bother with. 
He taught me more about 

Marxism and its practical 
applications tban all the Pou. 
Sci. clasaes I've taken com-
bined, and hi. work on the IleW 
indleator was bi, in my 
intellectual development, 
supplying me with a perspecUve 
that other campus media, 
Including the paper I write for, 
was often squeamish at present-
ing. I've respected Dave, and 
appreciated the (act that he 
accepted me personally, not 
politically. His d~ath leaves a 
big hole in my life, and makes 
my reasons for attending this 
school more meaningless. I am 
going to miss him. 

tt.1 ~ eo.~ Aat iO~ OUT, ne ",,~ &0",-
IS ON ~ ~ • ANb ')(JICMD'I SI1II.4 -'1V 

E(.J)N ~. AU. I HAV£ J.6r IS MY Notwithstanding this minor 
point, the article was accurate and 
well written. I appreciate the Triton 
Times coverage of this and other 
community issues which serves to 
inform university (acuity, staff and 
students and makes possible more 
active involvement by the 
university community in problems 
facing the San Diego region. 

~fJCCC. . 

THOMAS C. SHEPARD 
TED BURKE 

Muir Senior 

Senators debate pros, cons of Canal treaty 
SeDakota's' McGovern: yes Nevada's Laxalt: no 

by Senator George McGovern 
As the final, vitally important 

Senate vote on the Panama Canal 
treaties approaches, I am still left 
wondering what the opponents of the 
treaties expect to achieve should their 
cause prevail. 
Sen. McGovern, a member of the 
Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
and Sen. LaxaU, a leader of opposition 
to the Panama Canal treaties, wrote 
these articles for Pacific News 
Service. 
A number of results have been 

implied. We are told, for example, that 
if we junk these agreements we will be 
free to negotiate with another country 
for a new sea-level canal - that we 
won't need Panama anymore. 

Then there is a new-found concern 
for human rights. Some people, while 
they may think Gen. Park 10 Korea is 
doing a fine job, tell us in the next 
breath that we should not deal with an 
authoritarian such as Gen. Torrijos. 

Or, it is said we can better defend the 
canal under the old arrangement -
that we can have more assurance that 
the canal will remain secure and 
operational if it is in American hands . 

Upon closer examination all these 
claims tend to crumble. 

Even setting aside feasibility 
problems, and the billions it would cost 
to build a new canal, there is no reason 
at all to believe that we could negotiate 
a better deal with another country -
at least not one with any durability. If 
it is the 1970s in Panama, it is not the 
turn of the century in Nicaragua, 
Colombia or anywhere else. 

" ... and Panamanians will 
suffer both the injury of 
oppression and the con-
tinued insult of a foreign 
zone dividing their nation." 

Nor is there reason to believe that 
the human rights of the Panamanians 
will improve should these treaties be 
scrapped. Most likely the opposite will 
happen, and Panamanians will suffer 
both the injury of opprt~ssion and the 
continued insult of a f reign zone 
dividing their nation. 

Similarly, any douhts about our 
ability to defen~ the canal under the 
new treaties Should h' ve been long 
since dispelled both b} the explicit 
testim ony of our t)P military 
commanders and by simple logic. The 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, the active duty 
commanders who hav ~ the current 
responsibility for our s curity, are 
firmly for ratification And so is 
common sense. It stand to reason that 
against any threat , a c ommon 
American-Panamanian motivation to 
defend the canal will be more effective 
than an American effort alone. 

What, then, will we really accom-
plish if we reject these treaties? 

After weighing all the claims, it 
seems to me we come down to only one 
undisputable advantage. We Ameri-
cans will be able to throw out our 

chests and say the Panama Canal is 
still ours. 

But what would be the cost to our 
vital national interests of such an 
exercise in national pride? 

Should the final treaty be voted 
down, Panamanian leaders would be 
hard put to restrain radical student 
and other groups who could point to 
rejection of the treaties as vindication 
of their position that violence was the 
only way to achieve Panama's 
objectives. 

But Panama is only one country. 
While we do not consider our presence 
in Panama as colonial, Latin America 
and much of the Third World frankly 
do regard our arrangements in the 
Canal Zone under the 1903 treaty as a 
colonial vestige of the past, at sharp 
odds with all we say about national 
independence and freedom from 
colonial domination. The signing of the 

"No one ever talks about the 
'right to send young Ameri-
cans to be killed'." 
treaties brought this country 
enhanced respect and support all over 
the world. They are viewed not as a 
retreat, ·but as a reaffirmation of 
American greatness. 

Opponents of the treaties too often 
forget that our own history - our own 
origins, traditions and principles of 
independence - are among America's 
greatest assets in international affairs 
and that one of the great tragedies of 
our recent history has been our 
tendency to underestimate the power 
of these values, while overestimating 
what can be accomplished by force of 
arms. 

The political cost of refusing these 
treaties ought to be reason enough to 
endorse them - indeed, to welcome 
them. But there is another cost that 
troubles me still more. During the past 
several months there has been much 
discussion over whether the United 
States has retained a right to intervene 
militarily in Panama should the canal 
be endangered or our access to it be 
limited or denied. I supported the 
amendments recommended by the 
Foreign Relations Committee, to 
incorporate the Carter-Torrijos 
understanding on this score into the 
trea ty Iangu age itself . It is my 
contention that if, after negotiating 
these guar nteea with Panama, the 
Senate rejects the treaty it would 
heighten, not diminish, the risks that 
our right 0 fIght over the canal wm 
have to be exercised. 

Opponents of the treaties operate on 
the apparent assumption that a war 
over the Panama Canal will be a nice, 
sterile sort of exercise in which we will 
show the flag and the adversary will 
fade away. The terms used are " right 
to intervene" and "right to defend." 
No one ever talks about the " right to 
end young Americans to be killed." 
The truth, a the Joint Chiefs of Staff 

have testified, i that without the 
(Please turn to page 11 ) 

. by Senator Paul LuaU 
Last September President Carter 

signed the Panama Canal treaties, 
and last month the Senate ratified the 
first of the treaties by the narrowest of 
margins. As the crucial vote on the 
second treaty, which would hand the 
canal over to Panama, draws near, the 
question of ratification remains the 
hottest political issue I've seen in all 
my years in this business. 

I opposed the first treaty, and 
hope the Senate will defeat the second 
treaty because I am strongly opposed 
to ratification on any documents that 
would surrender control of the 
Panama Canal. The agreements we 
are now studying, in their present 
form, do just that - give away US 
control of the waterway. 

From a national security perspec-
tive, as the former chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, Adm. Moorer, -
has stated, the canal is a vital 
strategic "choke-point" in the 
Western Hemisphere and one we must 
continue to operate and control. The 
current treaties would not only 
surrender this facility, but also fail to 
make clear what our rights are in 
regards to elemental considerations 
such as defending the canal and 
guaranteeing priority passage in 
times of emergency. 

On the economic front, with 70 
percent of all canal traffic either 
originating in our country or winding 
up here, the waterway is obviously an 
important asset. The Department of 
Commerce has estimated that if the 
facility were shut down the price of 
American exports would increase by 
$932 million annually. A closure would 
also raise the price of imports by $583 
million yearly. And when the Alaskan 
pipeline is operating at full capacity, 
approximately 500,000 barrels of oil 
will be shipped through the canal. 
Considering the obvious commercial . 
importance of the canal we shouldn't 
entrust its operation to any other 
nation, especially one that has 
promi,sed to raise the passage rates. 

Piled on top of this is the unpredic-
tability _of Panama 's leader, Gen. 

U ••• Panama's leader, Gen. 
Omar Torrijos, is a dictator 
with a miserable record in 
human rights ... " 
Omar Torrijos. He is a dictator with a 
miserabl.e record in human rights, 
who finds a perfect role model. 
according to him, in Cuba 's Fidel 
Castro. And the United States has good 
reason to distrust Castro's motives for 
his friendship with Torrijos . The 

Cuban leader is manipulated by the 
Soviet Union and does its bidding. 
Castro's activities in Africa may be a 
training ground for anticipated 
involvement in Central America if we 
are naive enough to surrender the 
canal. 

Because of the compelling argu-

" ... 1 seriously doubt any 
Republican who votes for the 
treaties will be able to secure 
the party's nomination for 
president in 1980." 
ments against these treaties, a 
bipartisan line-up of Democratic and 
Republican congressmen has opposed 
their passage. 

We've heard a lot - too much -
from treaty proponents accusing the 
opposition camp of being emotional 
and unthinking in our stand. This, to 
me, is essentially an insult to the 
people because public sentiment runs 
against ratification. Are the people 
then only reacting emotionally? Some 
of the most knowledgeable mail I.ve 
ever received comes from those 
across the country asking me to vote 
" no" on the treaties. And the letters 
detailing the reasons for opposition 
evidence an understanding of the 
issue. 

The Republican Party has an 
opportunity to enlist the support of 
these people . The majority of 
Americans wanting the pacts rejected 
are looking for leadership and we have 
a chance to provide it. 

I would , however, be less than 
totally candid here unless I mentioned 
that some o( the GOP Party leaders 
have disappointed many of us with 
their compromising stand on the canal 
treaties. While each person has to call 
his own shots on this particular 
question, I believe that Republican 
opposition to the canal treaties is 
consistent with our concern for 
responsible foreign policy and the 
protection of US national security. The 
Republican platform ill 1976 came out 
foursquare against relinquishing 
control and, no doubt, the platform ;n 
1980 will reflect the same sentiments. 
Therefore, I seriously doubt any 
Republican who votes for the treaties 
will be able to secure the party's 
nomination for president in 1980. 

The real political question posed by 
the upcoming vote, however, is 
whether the Senate's decision will 
represent the will of the voters. Public 
sentiment, as expressed in the 
hundreds of thousands of pieces of 

(Please turn to pale 11) 
The Triton Tim .. Is published by UCSD studentl .. In offlclll student newsplper. PubllCitlon lion 

MondlYS. WednesdlY. and Frldeys during the regular school year (except on official holidays) . Edltorlll 
and business offlcea are loclted In the Student Center It the Unlveralty 01 Celilornle. San DIego. For 
editorial. Clil ~2-:wee; lor bUll ness and dlapllY edvertlalng. cIIi 452-3488. 

Letters to the editor and opinion column. are welcomed. Alieubml .. lonl .hould be typed end double-
speced on • 59-space line. They .hould not exceed 1'h page. In length. 

Submitted mlterlal must bear the neme Ind ,tudent Identification number of the luthor. Nam .. Cln be 
withheld from publlCitlon on request; however. the nlm .. will be held on file lor public Inapectlon. 

The Triton Time. rHlrv .. the right to edit ,ubm',,'ons beeluee of eplce IImltetlone or etyle 
requirements. 

Entire contents copyright 1978 the Triton Time •. 



-
MISSING PAGES 

April 10, 1978 

Vol. 34 

No.4 

Pages 
3-4 

UCLA Reprographic Service • 



110 .... " AprIl to, tl71 

Muir week 
tournament 

A doubles tennis tournament 
for SO teams is being sponsored 
April 15, 16, 22 and 23 by A-
House of Muir College . In 
conjunction with the regular 
Muir Week activities the 
tournament is designed to 
provide plenty of playing time 
for the expected 160 entrants . 

Dave Baker, the tourna-
ment's organizer, noted that 
entry blanks for teams were 
available in the Muir Res. Hall 
Office and the Muir Cafeteria. 
All entries must be returned by 
7 pm Wednesday, April 12, to 
insure that the draws can be 
com pleted in time for the 
tournament. 

Baker expects to seed 132 
men's and women's teams, and 
16 mixed doubles teams . A 
person can compete on one 
team only . If more mixed 
doubles should be interested 
the division may be opened up 
at the expense of the other two 
divisions. 

For more information, or to 
obtain applications, Baker can 
be contacted at 452-7251, or in 
room A-Sl of Tenaya Hall. 

p.s 

The Lord brinaeth the eOUIIIeI 
the heathen to nnucht: he 

aketh the devices or the people 
I none effect." Psalm • 
I the Lord thy God will hold thy 
Iht hand, sayinl unto thee, 

Fear not; I will help thee." Isaiah. 
Christian Science is based on the 

ible and Science and Health 
with Key to the cripturea, by 
Mary Baker Eddy. Campus 
Counselors at UCSD are Paul 
and Anne Hofflund. 453-5217. 

GAY ITUDenTI 
AllOCIATIOn 

GET -TOGETHER 

MON., ApRil 10 
1'00 P.M. 

NORTIt CONfERENCE RM. 

AROUND THE WORLD 
IN MANY WAYS! 

Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 5000 
charters listed, escorted tours, air/ sea 
cruises, mini vacations. 
Call now., 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 

KICK IT, SKlNNV - UCSD'. Mark "Sldllay" Daent let. go a kick ia s.tarday'. 14-4 Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 
. . .. Client Protection 

Vnited Cali/omia Trave.ine, Inc. 
over POIDO_ CoUege. ne Trito .. compete ia tlaia weekead'. UCSB toarney ia Sulta. 
Barbara. Over 80 meD'. _d tweaty womeD'. te .... will compete in the biggat ..... IIoo .. lIIIJ 
toaney iD the Waten Statn. 

This week in sports 
Mon Apr 10 
TUH Apr 11 
Wed Apr 12 
Thurl Apr 13 

Fri Apr 14 

S.I Apr 14 

Sun Apr 15 

Men', Tennl, vs USIU 
B ... ball vs Southern Cal College 
Badminton vs Mesa College 
Women', Softball at CS Fullerton 
Women'. Tenn .. vs Kansas 
Women'. Softbell at LaVerne 
Women', Tennl. vs CS Dom. Hills 
Men', Tenn" in UCSB Tournament 
Rowing vs Newport 
B ... ball at Southern Cal (2) 
S.lUng in So. Cal Series no. 6 

4 pm 
3 pm 
4pm 

2:30 pm 
4pm 

3:15 pm 
2:30 pm 
All Day 

8am 
12 noon 

gam 

UC8D has a Dellia. Gd.up 
at tlt.e 
~tudeqt Healtlt. ~qje" 

witlt. 
~tudeqj ItItte~ 

e EXAM I l'{,A TIONS 
e DEl'{J At. WOM, 
e HYGIEl'{lSTS 

ate available JOi 
cleal\Jng teetlt 

MONDAY TURU FRIDAY 
8:00 A.M. TO ":00 P.M. 

Phone "52-2080 
How long ha. i' bem .nee you've Nen a Den';" 

Wow! Montezuma Snowblasf with Fresca: 
Even a moOse can bear it. 

. 

Over ice or snow add lV2 oz. of Mbntezuma Tequila, the 
Tequila, to delicious Fresca. It's a chiller! 
C 1918. 80 proof Montezuma Tequila. Distilled and bottled by Berton Di tiller Import Co .• New Vork. N.V. 
"f'resa Is a ~ trademark cJ the Coce-Cole C~ny. 

I , 



...... 

Mond y 
Remillder: Sign-up fOl' in the Spring Carnival by Friday. April 21 . in the 

Recreation OfClce. 
Auoueement: WOW. who are those iUYS? Find out April 17-21. 
AlulcMancement: Legal Education Advisory Program presents a session on "How to Use a Law 

Ubrary" at County Law Ubrary 1105 Front Street. R.S.V.P. Oranee L. Batiste. 452-4355, Earl 
Warren College. Academ c Internship Program. 

1-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. Free. 
Instruction provided. if desired . Call 755-5995 for information. Locatio'l: Zen Meditation office. 
Student Center. 

10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap . Located in Muir Q)mmons, 
next to 5 '" Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

11 am-%: SO pm: CALPlrg. the California Public Interest Research Group. has a staff member 
preaent to discuss projects. forums. etc. with interested students . 

1%-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
1% IICMID-I pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. Free. 

Instruction provided. if desired. Call 755-5995 for Information. Location: Zen Meditation office. 
Student Center. 

1%-% pm. 4-1 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
4-5 pm: Karate. West Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
5-5: 45 pm: Conditioning Workshop. Wrestling Room. 
s-e:so pm: Lecture: Sholmo Avineri. " Israel and Palestinian Arabs". professor of Hebrew 

University, Jerusalem. HSS 2250 . Free. Sponsored by Religious Affairs. 
5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
5: 30-7 pm: Belly Dance. West Balcony. 
6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. Student Center. 2nd floor.. .. . 
7-8 pm: Sorority Rush Party sponsored by Alpha Omicron PI and Sigma Kappa. InternatIOnal 

Center. 
7-10 pm: SeU-Hypnosis Training for Health Science students . Students should bring a cassette 

tape recorder to record their own training program. Revelle Formal Lounge. Free. 
7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 

5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. • 
8-11 pm: Israeli Dance. Rec . Copf. Room. 

Tuesday 
6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. Free. 

Instruction provided, if desired . Call 755-5995 for information . Location: Zen Meditation office, 
Student Center. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the fir t place to turn to for info a nd rap. Located in Muir 
Commons. next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

11 am-2: 30 pm: CALPirg. see Monday. April 10 ame time for details. 
oon-I pm: Health Sciences Advisory Program/Career Planning and Placement Medical 

Laboratory Technologist/Jim Peters. Student Center East Conference Room. 
12 noon-I pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for s ilent si tting meditation. Free. 

Instruction provided. if desired . Call 755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office. 
Student Center. 

12-1 pm: Condition ing. Wrestling Room. 
12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymanstics . South Balcony. 
2 pm: Linguistics Colloquium - Speaker: Orin Robin on (German Dept. . Stanford). " Rule 

Ordering and Rule Upside-Down Phonology". Location: 2148 P&L. 
2: 00 pm: Solid State Seminar. Speaker: Dr. AI Sweedler. Brookhaven ational Laboratory. 

Topic: Atomic Ordering and Irradiations Effects in Superconducting Compounds. Location: 
APM 2250. 

4-5 pm: Karate. orth Balcony. 
5-7 pm: Fencing. orth Balcony. 
6: 30 pm: Union of Jewish Students Planning meeting - all welcome to express ideas and 

suggestions. It·s the beginning of a new quarter and we need your help in planning acti vities. Dress 
is informal. Student Center above ED A. 

6: 30 pm: UCSD Outing Club big meeting. there will be slides. music and good things to eat. Come 
a nd join in. HL Auditorium. Free. 

6: 30·8: 30' pm: Sorority Rush Party sponsored by Alpha Omicron Pi and Sigma Kappa. Revelle 
Formal/Informal Lounge. 

7 pm: Muir College House AdvisorOrientation meeting. Muir Apartment Lounge. All interested 
applicants are encouraged to attend. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Muir Commons, 
next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2 167. 

8 pm: " Cosi fan tulle" - Mozart Opera , John Larg . director. Recital Hall . Sponsored by th 
Music Dept. Free. 

Wednesday 
Announcement: Ignorance is slavery . W.O. W. is reality - April 17·21. 
6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent Sitting meditation. Free. 

Instruction provided. if desired . Call 755·5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office. 
Student Center. ' 

Open 10 am·S pm: Page One is the first place to turn to (or info and rap. Located in Muir 
Commons. next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

II am·2: 30 pm: CALPirg. see Monday April 10 same time for details . 
12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room . 
12 noon-I pm: Band Concert - Concert by Phoenix College Jazz Band. Performance is Cree. 

Sponsored by niversity Events Office. 
12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center' of UCSD provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. Free. 

Instruction provided iC desired . Call 755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office. 
Student Center. 

12-2 pm. 4·6 Dm: Gymnastics . South Balcony. 
2: 00 pm: High Energy Seminar. Speaker: Dr. John Leonard, UC Irvine. Topic: Acoustic 

Radiation oC Charged Particles. Location: MH 3405. -NOTE: Change in day. time and location this 
time only. 

3 pm: Ice Hockey. Re ~. ConL Room . 
4:00 pm: ColloquiulT . fipeaker: Dr. J . Lea rned. UC Irvine. Topic: Studyi ng Neutrino 

Interaction in the DeeJ; Ocean Cor Physics and Astronomy. Location: USB 2622 . 
4-5 pm: HELP - Holbt ' Dentistry. H&SS 1305 . 
4-5 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room . 
4-5 pm: Karate . West Balcony. 
4-7 pm: Open HOUSE for all students interested in volunteer poSitions at 3rd College. 

Refreshments served. C;f you can' t attend, call dean's office a t x4390.) Location: Center for th 
People. 3rd College (aclo from munch box) . 

5 pm: Ha ndball/racql;.etball . Rec. Conf. Room. 

5 pm: J azz Dance. W"s( Balcony. . 
5 pm: Graduate Stud' nt Council meeting. East Conference Room. Student Center. 
5-5: 45 pm: Conditionillg Workshop. Wrestling Room. 
S pm: Ballet Foikloril'o, Student Center. 2nd floor. 
6-10 pm: Ballroom D. nae. -Rec. Cort[. Room. 
7 pm: Religion really makes en e. There are no contradictions contain d in the Church of Je u 

Chri t becau it is built upon the fullness of the Gospel. Don 't look beyond th mark wh nth 
mark is Christ. U e your intelligence and exercise your God-given free ag ncy to inv tigate . 
Come to Institute class . At the little white house across the street from Tioga Ha ll. 

7 pm: Scuba . A P&M :l113 . 
Op n 7-10 pm : Page One is th fir t place to turn to for info and rap. Locat d in Muir ommons. 

next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452·2167. 
7-10 pm: Jarvis 0 bat - d bat on the Jarvi tax bill. Mandeville Center Auditorium . 

Admission: $3.00. Sponsor d by niver ity Event 
7; 30 pm: "Evid nc for the God of reation", first lecture in " What Christian B li'v .. 
minar. niversity- ommunity Church . 9595 La ,]olllJ Shor s Drive . 

.0I~"'10, 1971 triton times Page 7 
1% noo!,-I pm: ~edi~tion ~enter of UCSD provides a setting for sil nt sitting medllation. Free. 

hat's On 4/10-4/16 
Instruction proVided. If deSired. Call 755-5995 fOr information. Location: Zen Meditatic;n ollice 
Student Center. . 

U-% pm, . -6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
3: 3~ pm: Astrophr~ics-Space Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Steven P . Willner. Dept. of 

PhYSICS, UCSD . TopIC: Recent Investigations of Infrared Sources. Location: TLH 104. 
4-5 p~: The Harlequin Street Theatre - two street artists with their troubadour style 
enterta~nment will perform original magic. circus tricks. vaudiville and more . Warren Courtyard 
and Third College Plaza. Sponsored b~ University Events Office. 

A Weekly Guide 
4-5 pm: Karate . North Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Yoga. Adaptive Room. 
S pm: UCSD Tennis Club meeting concerning upcoming tournament. Rec. ConI. Room. 
6 pm: Frisbee. Rec. Conf. Room. . 
7 pm: Surf Club meeting. APM 2250. 

Campus Events 
I 

7 pm: A forum on the history of UCSD will be pr~sented by the California Public Interest 
Research Group (CALPirg) . USB 2722. Free. 

7: 30 pm: An organizational meeting for students interested In tiehtlng Air Pollution in San Open 10 am-S pm: Paee One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Muir 
City. Mr. William Simmons. San Dieeo Air Pollution Control Officer will be guest speaker. HJlI~omn~onls, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

7 pm: Archery. Rec. Conf. Room. . 
~;~D~~: Film on archeology in South America . International Center. Free. Sponsored by 

1154. 11 am-2: 30 pm: CALPire. see Monday April 10 same time for details. 
8 pm: "If I Should Die" - a multimedia presentation dealing with the issue of death . Noo'" Fontraltl Concert - Tercero. Larson , KairoU (accomp,) play Monteverdi. Brahms. 7-9 pm: Juggling. Rec. Conf. Room . 

by Campus Crusade for Christ. Muir HSS 1330. Free. ~ ~ ocatlon: Backstage. Sponsored by Music Dept. _...:~ .,. Biophysics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Francisco Benzanillam, Physiology. UCLA. 
7-9: 30 pm: Test Taking Skills . H&SS 1330. Presented by Health Sciences Advisory 

Program/Career Planning and Placement. 

Thursday 
...iDe Curren&s In Squid Axon. LoC:atlon: MH 3405. 

pm: Q)nditioning. Wrestling Room. 
Dm: Facultv Noon Seminar Series - brin2 your lunch and listen to Chancellor McElroy 

his research on bioluminescense. Revelle Communications Center. bottom of Blake Hall. 
. .. '. . . . . . . . 

7-10 pm: Fencing. West Balcony. 
Open 7-)0 p~: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Muir Commons 

next to 5 '" Dime. Phone: 452-2167. . 
7: 15-9 pm: Documentary film - "To Live in Freedom". sponsored by the Committee for World 

Democracy. TLH 104. Free. 

1-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. list your activUy in the campus calendar as well as tbe Triton Times' Wbat's On, 
submit your Information to EDNA, the Student Information Center, by 5 pm on 

Chll"·''''''V. Calendar forms are available at EDNA. 

7: 30 pm; Fi!m: :'T~ Liye i~ Freedo!'l".- this unique documentary. filmed in Israel. explores the 
proble!'l of dJscrimmatlOn In the zlOmst state. Sponsored by tbe International Club a nd the 
Committee for World Democracy. TLH 104. Free. 

7: 30 pm: Squash. Rec. Conf. Room. 
Instruction provided. if desired. CaU 755-5995 for information. Locatlon~ Zen Meditation 
Student Center. 

APRIL SHOWERS MAY RING ACID STORMS 7: 30 pm: Amnesty International general meeting and letter-writing session. All are welcome please come! East Conference Room. Student Center. ' 8 pm: Concert: Be B~p De!uxe. Main Gym. Admission: UCSD students: $5 .50. other: GA/Door 
$6.50. Sponsored by Umverslty Events Office. 

by ..", Iutpor 
Pacific .......... 

...." ............ _ becomItiD __ med ilia! rain 
_laIntng acid - _ no ......... then .... ........ 
Juice - .. CMIIIng IIiIIOt' .001.11 diangee to .. ... 
__ and perIIepI , __ and agrtcuIIureI crope. 
p.rtlcul.rly In Ihe North ..... rn Unlt.d .t.t ... 
Sc:anclnavta and .... 0' ~. 

Acid precIpItatton. whldl " the •• Ie~ of IIUdIIICIdI 
.. lUIIurlc and nttrtc In _ and rain, hM ~ IInoMI 
• nd .tuelled tor yeera. It h .. been conllderM • problem 
eround cl .... ne.r ._1 .... or cl_lo fOUl-fuel power 
planta. but now .cl.ntle'l b." .... Ih. altu.llon I. 
becoming much more acute. 

Ellie Cowling, • profeIIor .1 North carolln. S .... 
Unlven"" and 1M chalrnwn of tIM North Central 
RegloNil Projecl on A~ D.-ilion. laid there 
18 no qunllon thai IIiCII ye.r rain and MOW fatttno In 
cerlaln parte of the United S .. I ... II becoming -
ICicle. 

Cornelt Unlftrtlly actentte .. haft reported thai In 1155 
• nd 11se. pH of 1_lhlln4.5-ftryaclclc-w_touncI 
only In Pen,..yl'lanlli. New Vorl! .nd certain perla of 
Ohio. Bul """ .. Id th.1 within 1M last ,.. y.,. iiCld 
p_lpll.tton 0' lew than ".5 hM been ~1vecI1n aI __ 
the .nU,. lEaeIem United ....... 

According to Gen. LIk_ •• pioneer In _rch .1 
Cornell. th.1 .rM Includea _I 0' Michigan. 1II1n0l8. 
North C.rolln •• nd .11 0' I~ Ohio. Penn."lftnl .. 
Kentuc:k". Ten ....... Virginia, Maryland. D.18w., •• 
New J.,..", N.w H.",.,... .... Vermonl. New Vorl!, 
M_achuM"" Connectlcul and Rhode I ... d. 

"W"-I th18 __ Ie thai the relethlaly -II, neturelly 
occurrtng c.rbotlc aclcla _ lound In pteelpllalion .,. 
now being dominate by much .tronger acids mainly 
C.lullCl by man-made poItuIIon," Llkena .. Id. 

"It'. not hard 10 und ...... nd," Cowling "'d, "th.1 " 10 
million Ion. 01 .ulfur .,. .mlned Inlo the .tmoaphere. 
60 million Ion. of aultur .,. going 10 ••• ntually corne 
down _where In one form or another. Including 

1cIan .... _ cItvtded. ~r. 011 tile e!tnt IIIIIC" 10' .. llndu ...... _ not ptllnown.. . 
,.In II haling on ... ..,.,.. .. _.. Indl.ldual ...... haftpraduoed........,raeuItL 

~ng 10 L ..... forMI growth ~ 1110.... • r .... rch •• Iocl.t. In Cornell 
1.70hMbeen,....lnlOUlharnlcMclannlaandtht "IIVlr,.II~' · a D.partm.nl 0' Molur.' R •• ourc ••• In 
NOI1h •• tam UnIIad ....... H_. he ...... -II II not and 1011 effacta from acid rain lor the "..t 
pOMIIIIa 10 ..... U1i .... OC.., tNt IhII dIcIIne " lound dIWMIIc en.cta In the tall .. of tIM 
~ by acid precIp/IIdon.. ~ _ ftry COIIIp/eI IIoun .. 1M In nortIIem New VOIle. From • 
ICWPt_ and acid precIpIIaIIon II only _ of _.., .t Cornall and 1M New YCHt 
.nvtronmental at-. of Environmental C-uon. Icholtelcl 

Cart 010' T.mm •• prolftaor of to'"' -'011" II ... Ih8I latI ... 1IoM 2.000 , .. t wa,. found to be 
College 0' FOrMtry In .tockholm, 'weden. reporIecI the! .Heeted by acIcI precipitation • 
" •• cepl In .,.. wheN ...... IhOW vI8tIIII potiutiOi 50 "._1 of "'- IHM __ below pH 5.0. 
aY"'PIOfM. II hM lIMn dltftcutt 10 .... bIIah thaI acid r.II • crttlcal Jewel for IUrvIY ... n hi ulel. 
or other Inc_ In ~ acidity Iftacl IhI lhan 10 percenl of th. 18kee w_ completety 
growth 0' I,... ~ ...... don not •• clude IhI II' • . "Whet WI _ ""ng 8bouI.,. _i. 
poaatbIHty thaI auch ... _ Inll_ may •• 18 .. • , I.k .. which .r. no long.r c.p.bl. 0' 
M_r. Tamm .. ldlnueportthalpertoltheacldll! rt.h 1If • • " 

or ,.In I. dullo nitric ac:kI or nitrogen 0 ...... 80 tNt... obMrwad thai In 1ft.. wtth • pH 0' 
.ffKI nitrogen h .... ferlltlnr might ~ .... I. a.o. the numller and If"""y of IIIgae bIoln 10 
.ny "-rm'ut .ffacIL AndlUlfur compouncll. another kll a.low 5.7. ... InHcI poputatloM, IiIiOIhIr 
Ingrecflenl 0' acid Nin. might actually help IoraIIi for the 1IaIi. ateo drop. ,.... 111111 and 

beca_lUlfurllanlnchp._bleplanlnulrlenlln~ to .... wIitn .... pH GOH below U . 
tore.l 1andI. the I ..... bec_ populated with only 

CowlIng. ho_r. NId thai '.perlments Indlcola th.ll tlah 1"-1 - Incepeble 0' reproducing, Whe(i 
highly .cldlc water can _ premature browning 01 or .r. coughl. the ... ~ _1I.11y 
older n •• dl ••• Incr •••• Ih. I •• chlng 01 Inoroank 
nutrlanll and organic ...... ~ frOlll IoN ...... fIacIlhI .tao obMrved kill. of .yen adult llall 
reprocIucIIon of IImple plan .. luch .. _ and .. ,..,. I.rg.eurg.of acidic w.l" entered. " • • auch .. 
.nd cIec:,._ the ...... bIHy 0' nitrogen .nd otlMl .prlng NnoH of melted _W. 
Important planl nutrlan .. fI'om lhe.... Ih.,. I. no l"du'lr" In Ih. Adlrond.ck 

"Thes. things cotllClI .. ", con cltmlnlsh '10'"' .114 Schofield uId, 1M high .... 1. 01 acid 
agricultural productivity." he uld. found ~ mu.1 be -'ng from other 

R_rchan for tha U.S. Envlron-mal proeectloli 
Agency ••• 18bor.tory In Conrallta. 0,. .• have found II ,. ... rchan ha •• found"'lln the Towlal 
p,.lIm1nary I .... ItIeI certain crope. auch .. be.n •• 114 ,oulhlm N_y. which ... one 01 IhI 
radl8h ... _ .lfac:led by acid rain. main nlmon riven, atmoet no uIm_ .... _ 

Under atmul.lecI acid rain condltlona, D.vld W.blI, 
EPA p18nl PlthoIof181, reported lhal ",.,chhn Wlft the flali .... killed II only one 0' pefh8pe 
.",.1 ..... nd lIMn planll conlalnedl ... t"-" 1M norm. qu .. llona .1111 un.n.w.r.d. Ch.rl •• 
amounl of be_." Bul. hi....,. "dell.ad In'orm.tIon 01 .~lk.r'ln.n Of the Electric Po_r R_ach Inatttute 
theM .Hec" or on thl pou ..... COl" 10 the .grlcultur' • klY apon_ 01 acid....... uld Iti_ 

8-11 pm~ Beaux Arts Trio - program to be announced. Mandeville Auditorium. Admission: 
UCSD stuoents; TBA. General $7.50. o~her : $24.00. Sponsored by Faculty Chanber Series. 

. 8 pm-~2 midDl,ht: The Outback Cafe IS a comCorta ble gathering place for students which offers 
mghUy interactIOn. Phone: 452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

How do aulfur .nd nitrogen combine with other 9 pm: " If I Should Die" - a multimedia presentation dealing with the issue of death Sponsored 
compounde when eml"ed Inlo tIM .tmoepller.? by Campus Crusade for Christ. Revelle Cafeteria. Free . 

H_f.r.Wly .... theMpollut8ntatranaported _ .few 9-10 . M It' ed' Sl'd p . . hundred mil .. or _,.Ithouund mllft1 . .. • pm. u Jm . la .. I e resentatl~n - Paragon Experience Multimedia presentation 
Ho.w s Your Love Life. ~evelle Cafeteria. Free. Sponsored by Campus Crusade for Christ. 

So I.r. ho .... r •• ery 1Itt11 mon." "-a been a.,.nl on 10.30 pm: Ice Hockey. Mira Mesa House of Ice. 
acid ...... rch - leN tMn $500.000 • " •• r. ICCOrding 10 

~:~C~~,~.nedy· al the U.S. Otological Sul'llY In MInlo F rl-day 
"So I.r." aaIcI Kennedy. "11_ only • lew aclanU.ta 

.r. aw.,. 01 thl problem .nd the public doH nol yel 
rullnw"-t l.goIngon. It· ... ryh.rdto.llruplnte,..11n Announcement: Hard cash, raw sex. power. Get W.O.W.ed and get yours . W.O.W. week-April 
_thing that rnaynol h_any ..... ertoualmpacl.for 17-21. 
.. ~ "=~~h rlghl now amounta to • bunch 01 6-7 a~: Medi~ation . Center of UCSD provides .a settin~ for silent sitting meditation. Free. 
Ind'.,du.' "'.nll.ta puraulno Ih.'r own p.rtlcul.r ~nstructlOn prOVided, If deSired. Call 755-5995 for informatIOn. Location: Zen Meditation office, 
Inte_ .. In acid ... In." Eltle Cowtlng said. ~tudent Center. 

The North Cenl ... , Regional Proieel on Atmoaphertc Open 10 am-5 pm: Pa~e One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Muir D~llIon I. bIolnnlng • projlclthla month (April) to Commons. next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
.... bll.h. natlo ... , network to m1118U,. and an.l"zelhl 10: IS am: Ice Skating. Ice Capades Chalet. 
changing compotilion 0' r.ln.nd .now Ind ...... I.. 11 am-2: 30 pm: CALPirg. see Monday April 10 same time for details 

~= ,~~:v~~,~~~:,:,:d fore.t landa and aurfacl 12 noo~·1 pm: ~edit~tion .Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent ~itting meditation. Free. 
Cowling said th."'rIICI~tlnglll""'men,,,.tlon. will ~~s~ructi~n prOVided. If deSired. Call 755-5995 for information . Location: Zen Meditation office. 

b.'oc.1ed In .bou12S .111 ...... ,n," In IhI Eat. ~ u ent enter. . 
FMeraI qencIeI we" •• III. GeoIoglcat SUrYIY. 1~-2 pm: 4-6 p~ : Gym!1asllcs. South. Balcon.y. 

Enwlro;,,_nlll Prolectlon AtItnC)'. T.nne_ V.lley 2: 00 p~. SpeCia l PhyslCs.Astrophysl.cs Seminar. Speaker: Academician Gyorgy Marx. Eotvos 
Authority, O.".rI_nt 0' Energy .nd IhI N.tlon.1 Umve.rslty. Buda pest, Hungary. TopIC: Tau Lepton. The Third eutrino and Astrophysics 
Oceanic and Almoepherlc Admln18lr.t1on wlll.llow the LocatIOn: USB 2622. . 
project to u ••• om. 0' Ihllr m.t.oro'og'c.' .nd .. pm: Muir College House Advisor application deadline. Muir Residence HaUs Office 
'orIcullur" .1.lIonl. 4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. . 

Th. proieel I. being 'unded m.'nly by III •• 1.1 •• ' 4·6 pm: Ta ble Tennis. Rec. Conf Room 
.grlcullur.I •• pt<lmlnl.l.tlon., lh.U.S. For •• IS.rvlCe 5-6 pm ' MCAT R I t ' G . S d ' 
.nd the Agricultu,.,1 R .... rch Servlc.. _. . " e .axa Ion ro~p . tu ent Center North Conference Room. 

7 10 pm. ChOOSing. to Love , a UC San Diego ExtenSIOn course with author Peter 
Koestenbaun:t .. Apphca~lons ?f the existential per onality theory to buman relationships. Room 
1330. Humamtles & SOCial SCience Bldg .• UCSD. Fee: $35. Bring bag lunch Saturday' coffee and 
tea available. ' , 

7: 30 pm: Alpha Ome.ga ~lliance - the road to higher consciousne s with the teachings of the 
ascended masters . MUIr BIO Bldg. Rm. 1103. Free. 

8 pm: Weekend of 20th Century Music Perf. - Cal Arts New Music En emble. Location _ 
ReCital HaIL Spon ored by Music Dept. x3229. 

8-1 I pm: Rev~lle Program B.oard (RPB) is sponsoring a Square Dance on Revelle Plaza with 
free (ood. d~nc~ng and profeSSional caller. Come swing your partner. Revelle Plaza . 

. 8 pm-12 mldm.ght: The Outb~ck Cafe is a comfortable. gathering place for students which offer 
nightly entertainment. a varIety of refreshment . and activities that encourage interaction 
Phone: 452-3092 .(eveni.ngs) for updated program information . 711 Warren Campu . Free. . 
. 8 pm-2 am: FrIday Night Fever Part II - the greatest disco dance ever, with more sophisticated 

light and sound effects than ever before. Including a super dance contest. Muir 5 & Dime. 

Saturday 
8: 30 am: Cars leave from Univer ity·Community Church forexcursion to ee desert blossoms in 

Anza-Borrego Desert. Call 453·0561 for details. University-Community Church. 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 

9 am-4 pm: " Choosing to Love" , last oC two sessions - see Friday April 14 at 7 pm for details . 
12: 30-4: 30 pm; Arts and Crafts Show - ome sale of " women's work". International Center. 

Sponsored by Oceanids., 
1 pm: Chess master Carl Wagner will play simultaneously agai n t first 25 players to regi ter. 

North Conference Room. Student Center. Free . 
5 pm: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 9595 La Jolla Shore Drive. 
8 pm: Weekend of 20th Century Music Perf. - Cal Arts New Music Ensemble. Location -

Auditorium . Sponsored by Music Dept. 
8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students which offers 

nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments, a nd activities that encourage interaction. 
Phone: 452-3092 (evenings) for updated progra m information. 711 Warren Campus. Free. 

9 pm-l am: 50s Dance - Costume dance . Revelle Cafete ria . Free. Spon ored byliall Program 
Advisors (Revelle). 

Sunday 
8: 30 am: Catholic Mas . University·Community Church . 
10 am: Lutheran ~orship service w!th Pastor John Huber. Unive rsi ty-Community Church 9595 

La Jolla Shores Drive. ' 
10: 30 am: Catholic Mas . North Conference Room. tud nt C nter. 
12: 03 pm: Epi copal Eucharist. Univer ity- ommuni'y Church, 9595 La Jolla ~hore Dr. 
I pm: Center for Psychological Revolution . In\rodu tory vid o-di cussion pro ram n a '>II 

way to orga nize Ufe. 1529 Hornblend tr t. Pa ific Bach. 273-4673. Free. 
5 pm: Catholic Mass. ~iversity-Community hurch , 9595 La Jolla Shore Drive. 
Open 7-10 p~: Page On I th fir t place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Muir I)mmon , 

next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
. 8 .p!,! : " Th P ychology of Eating ". a C n Di go Exten ion Da of information on how 
Inch v lduol c~ n lak char.g oC th ir eating behavior in w y both ati yin and h althful. rt 
Ga llery, Jew) ~ CommuDltv Center. 4079 54th t.. an Diego. F e : $5.00. 

.8 pm-12 mldn~lIht: The Out~ack Cafe i a comfortable gath ring pI e for tud nts which off r 
mghtly entertuIDm nt. a va riety of refreshm n • a nd a tivitie that ncour g Intera t1on . 
T I phon : 45:.!-3092 (evenings) for updat progra m inf rmation . 711 Warren ampu . Fre . 



..... 

~ Ci&vHltn? ~'iU . .. 

GINIIDI 
SATURDAY, APRil 15 

SAN DIEGO SPORD~~.I1~ 

.38s'PiWL 
Introducing 

STRIKER 
TUESDAY APRIL II 

DIEGO SPORDA_"'~.A 
Intmate Amphitheatre Style 

All seats reserved. $ 6.75, 5.75. 
Tickets available at Sports Arena Box Office all 
Bill Gamble's Stores o nd Arena Ticket AgenCies. 

Information: (714) 224-4176 
PRODUCED BY WOLF & RISSMILLER CONCERTS 

--

Moi"r, Aiwl10, 1171 

sports 
UCSD ·team finishes seventh 

Three tracksters take firsts 
took a thinS in his 800 meter 
section in 2: 00 .9. Three Triton runners took first pI8(,~ finishes in their 

individual sections to highliaht 
UCS D's performance in 
Saturday's Riverside Invita-
tional track and field meet. 

Kim Downs , Kevin Morning 
and Peter Dolan each, won 
heats as UCSD finished 
approximately seventh overall. 
The final team point totals will 
not be known until tomorrow 
due to the vast number of heats 
run. Ten schools, four clubs and 
several unattached athletes 
competed in the meet. 

In the 3000 meter steeple-
chase, Downs won his section in 
9: 54.6 with Fred Uratanian of 
Whittier second and Angelo 
Alcott of Azusa Pacific College 
third . However, Downs had to 
settle for second place overall 
as Claremont-Mudd's Paul 
Cronin won the second heat in 
9: 37.1. 

The versatile Morning won 
his 400 meter section in 49.4 but 
also took second overall as 
Edgar Orange of UC Riverside 
clocked 49.2 in another heat. 
Morning ran a 22 .3 in the 200 
meters for a second place 
overall to Riverside 'S Gary 
Ewell (22.1). 

Dolan won his 5000 meter run 
section in 15: 56 but his overall 
final standing will not be known 
until the final results are 
tabulated. 

.. *****'!r********~ 

.. Muir PrOllIl1l Board Presents .. t FRIDAY NIGHT FEVER : 
: Part II .. 
.. The arealest disco dance eyer : 
.. with the super dance contest .. 
.. Friday, April 14 .. 
.. Muir 5 , Dime .. 

Doug Jacobson was out-
dueled by Point Lorna's Danny 
Esqueda in the 1000 meters as 
Esqueda hit the tape in 31: 47.5 
to Jacobson' s 31 : 48 .6. Both 
runners, however, took a back 
seat to Chuck Assuma, a senior 
froR) San Bernardino's Eisen-
hower High School. Running 
unattached , Assuma , who 
ranks as one of Southern 
California ' s premier high 
school distance men, blazed to 
a 30: 19.4, far ahead of runners-
up Esqueda and Jacobson. 

Triton coach Andy Skief 
noted, " It was a fine battle 
between them (Jacobson and 
Esqueda) . Those two will battle 
it out in the district meet. " 

In addition to his steeple-
chase heat victory, Downs also 

Jon Halperin took a third in 
his 1500 meter section (4: 17) as 
did Tom Gnmm in his 5000 
meter heat (16: 19) . 

High jumper Chris Sando 
managed a leap of only 5'8" , but 
due to bad field conditions, 
causing all jumpers to slip near 
the q.ke-off area, Sando still 
finished second in his secti r -
Skief said, "Sando is at leas. 
6'2" jumper.;' 

Skief w'as " extremely 
pleased with all performan-
ces ." He added the meet (which 
UCR, an NCAA Division II 
school , most likely won) 
allowed "the guys to know what 
improvements they have to 
make for the district meet." 

Fellowships awarded -
Six faculty members at 

UCSD have been chosen to 
receive Guggenheim Fellow-
ship Awards for 1978. 

The awards, which are made 
on the " basis of demonstrated 
accomplishment in the past and 
strong promise for the future ," 
went to: 

S.Y. Kuroda , professor of 
linguistics, for his work on 
studies toward an integrated 
theory of language; 

Ronald W. Langacker , 
professor of linguistics, for his 
work on formulation of an 
integrated theory of language 
structure; ' . 

Robert I. Levy, professor of 
anthropology, for his work on 

society , cuiiure and mind in a 
Nepalese sacred HlD(lU city; 

Manny Farber, profesor of 
visual arts, for his work on the 
Munich school of film making, 
1967-1977; 

Gananath Obeyesekere , 
professor of anthropology, for 
his work on the sociology of 
Sinhala Buddishm; 

Melvin I. Simon, professor of 
biology , for his work on 
experimental studies in 
molecular biology. 

The awards presented by the 
John Simon Guggenheim 
Memorial Foundation this year 
totalled $4 ,569 ,500 and were 
given to 292 scholars, scientists 
and artists around the country. 

Parking fee increase ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
end of this month if a fee hike is 
to go into effect by July 1. 

at 3: 00 in McElroy 's .office, is 
open to any interested students, 
staff or faculty. 

.. One Dollar Admission .. t Don't Miss It! : Johnson told Moser he is reasonably sure the Regents 
will approve the proposaL ***************. 

~OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODODODoooaaooaoooooooc 

Just before that meeting, at 
2: 00 , Moser has set a meeting 
with various students , and a 
representative of the campus 
Staff Association, to discuss 
what course of action should be 
taken on the proposal . The 
meeting will be held in the Muir 
Commuter Lounge. 

NATIONAL SORORITY RUSH 

!\Joser asked Johnson why 
campus input has not yet been 
solicited on the proposal. The 
vice-chancellor replied that he 
wants discussion to center on 
the final proposal that is 
released, rather than on 
various individual pieces of the 
proposal. 

Among the topics Moser said 
he wants to discuss are the 
precendent set by the use of 
campus fees for off-campus 
facilities ; the cost of the 
parking garages; and alterna-
tives to construction of the 
garages. 

Parties: 
Monday April 10: International Center 7-8:15 pm 
Tuesday April 11: Revelle Informal Lounge 6:30-7:30 pm 

Revelle Formal Lounge 7:30-8:30 pm 

AOlt 

For more information call: 
Marci at 453-6075 
Rachel at 452-9546 

COME AND GET ACQUAINTED! 
All Interested Women Are Welcome To Attend 

Moser said he will meet this 
afternoon with Chancellor 
McElroy to discuss the 
proposal. He said the meeting, 

U~ S.n OlelO Universily [venls Omce prnenb 

BEAUX ARTS TRIO 
Hayden: Trio in A Major, (H. XV, No. /8) 
Ravel: Trio in A minor 
Brahm~: Trio in C Major. Op. 87 

Min a clas by it elL what chamber music is all about: 
-New York Tlmft 

April 13, Thursday, 8:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A .: 57.50, eso tudent: 52.50 bellnnlnl April 7 
ueso Box Omce 452-4559 

MondIIr, AprIl 10, 1171 tritDntimes 

Arts/Entertainment Foundation 
Eric ,Christmas to direct play . investigated 
"Loot" opens at Globe tomorrow 
The final production of the 

Old Globe Theatre's41st season 
open.s tomorrow night . The 
Enghsh farce "Loot" will be 
presented at the Carter Centre 
Stage in Balboa Park for a five 
week run. Performances will 
be bighUy except Monday at 8 
pm plus Sunday matinees at 2 
pm. 

"Loot " , by Joe Orton 
involves a pair of young bank 

robb~rs who~e imaginative 
deciSion to hide their stolen 
money in an occupied coffin 
causes unpredictable mis-

a~ventures . Their involvement 
With a murderous nurse adds to 
the comedy situation 

Director of "Loot'; is UCSD 
drama professor Eric Christ-
ma~ who has staged several 
major Old Globe Theatre 
productions in recent seasons. 
1.;1st summer for the San Diego 
National Shakespeare Festi-
val, Christmas staged " Timon 
of Athens ." For the Carter 

C~ntre Stage, he most recently 
~Irected " Play Strindberg" 
10 1976. 
Amelia White and Tom Mc-
Corry are the guest artists in 
" Loot." Miss White portrays a 
~thle~s nurse with murderous 
mtentlOns. McCorry portrays 
the principal role of a detective 
Miss White recently moved t~ 
the United States from her 
native England where she 
appeared in several produc· 
tlOns at the Embassy Theatre in 
London . 

Other principal roles will be 
Larry Ohlson and Andrew 
Tighe as the novice bank 
robbers, with Mack Owen as a 
perplexed widower and Jack 
Winans a nd Michael Cintas as 
police offi cers. 

"The Lion in Winter" is the 
current production of the Old 
Glo b e Th eat r e s in ce f i r e 
destroyed the theatre on March 
8, the fina l production previous-

scheduled for the Old Globe is 
rform ed a t th e Spreckels 

Theatre, second and Broad-

ivanhoe travel 

CHARTERS 
$189 to 

199 
$179tG 

jIOIulu or Hllo. Starting mld·Aprl,. .199 iSBON of 1& 2 weeks. $399 to 
I kly fllghh of 2. 3. 4, 5 & 6 wHks 449 
.1I0n. Stlnlng mld·Aprll. 

'ftiG KONG $499 to 

I M.y. WHk ly Itlghts 
5. & 8 WHks duration. 

529 
$399 to 

449 
$429 to 

479 
$479 to 

499 
Fly II DIll city . Return fram tilt atIIIr. 

lONDON & PARIS 479 
I.IJNOON & ROME 499 
PARIS & ROME 499 
~,lIIdofApril. Wllldy~ 

.... durIdon. 
:.::- rIUIId .. tram 1.01 

7815 Ivanhoe 
&4 

performances through April 30 
nightly except Monday at8 pm' 
plus Sunday matinees at 2 pm: 

Ticket reservations to all Old 
Globe Theatre productions are 
available at the box office in 
Balboa Park or by telephone 
239-2255 after noon. 

Be Bop Deluxe to play 
by Jean-Pierre Awshucks 
~ Bop Deluxe will playa single show at the Gym Thursday 

Aprll .)3,. 8 pm .. T~e cost is $5 .50 for students and $6.50 general: 
SlI~ce Its lDceptIon 10 1972, Be Bop Deluxe has been a vehicle for the 
gUitar-based. ma~hinations of Bill Nelson. Despite its name the 
band plays htUe II a~y bebop; their music is a rather faceiess, 
phased-~)Ut brand of tight rock and roll laced with semi-intricate 
rhythmIC changes, a suitable background for Nelson's not-so-
faceles.s, extremely clean guitar work and portentious lyrical 
excursions. The band has cranke~ out five albums, one live, since :re change of personnel follow1Og Axe Victim. As title like 

uturama. Sunburst, and Modern Music suggest the band 
(Nels?n) has .pretensions toward " art-rock. " Their l~test effort 
~rastlc ~lastlc , was praised as the best yet by Rolling Stone Th~ 

ouble hve album Live/. ln the.Air Age shows them to be tighi and 
flear onstage and, despite my Impression that the rest of the band 
acks some of Nelso.n':s forcef~lness , Thursday night's show should 

prove to be ente~tam1Og and mteresting. After all, where else can 
r~ub~elleTah four plec~ rock ban? dressed in tailored suits? Sharing 

e I ursday wJlI be Horshps and Tilman Thomas. 

ark w 
o 
w 

pportunities 
Find Time Now 

For WOW '78 
A ril 17-21 eek 

Janice's 
Hair Garden Special 

Men's Haircuts - Only 58 

J""k t 'z SlIION: 
110 £. WlUhl"l'''" ' Hlllert ZI 
~7.m{) 

Jl~ Third A w. 
Cit ... VI". 
4:M-l.JJ 
"",It SlIIoN otHII 

N .s./.w 

all hair services 
with Student ID 

and this ad 

'linin', H.ir GM ... 

R~C. $10 

IJjQ 1'toJP«' 
!IIcK"IM Pl. ••• Li. JoI"" 1:::::;;; 

·MOIt-Fri. N 5.1. 4JH077 

The us e of money from 
UCLA ' s privately endowed 
fund raising UCLA Foundation 
which has more than $10 millio~ 
in assets, is under investigation 
by the state attorney general's 
office after a year of scrutiny 
which followed a scandal 
involving the alleged misapp~ 
priation of $100,000 by founda-
tion ex -director Donald 
Bowman, according to a Friday 

a~ticle in the Los Angeles 
Times. 

New suspicions have been 
raised over funds taken from 
the founda ion to pay for the 
rental of a Newport Beach 
home, a yacht club member-
ship, and trips to Tahiti and 
Hawaii by UCLA Chancellor 
Charles Young. 

Questions investigated over 
expense account reimburse-

~ents made to Harold Wil-
hams , former dean of the 
UCLA graduate sc ho o l of 

ma~agement and currently 
chairman of the Securities and 
E~change Commission , a p-
pomted by President Carter 
The article reports that a su~ 
of $10,000 was paid to Williams 
without proper documentatio~ 
of his expenses. 

Bowman, a former assistant 
UCLA chancellor, has been 
charged with 10 counts of felony 
grand theft and face s a 
preliminary court hearing on 
the charges. 

Pregnillnff Need Helpf 
Make ill decision Both You 

and Your Baby t.1n live with. 
Free Counseling iII nd Aid 
Pro·Uf.l • • auo HOTLINE 5eHIH 

Stanley Aronowitz, 
Professor of SoCiOIOlY 
UC Irvine and 

H. Stuart Hughes 
Professor of History 
UC San 01110 

will be the guest speakers in the 
Warren College Writing lOB 
lecture series to be held Tues 
April 11, 4-5 pm in TLH 107. . 

The topic of the lecture will be 
"The 60s: A Discussion." 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
·LOW COST 
·CONFIOENTIAL 

·STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

·FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 



, 

..... 1. 

WARR N COLLEGE 
STUDENT GOVERNMENT 

........ .... CoIIIIt sIIIIIIIIIII ....... _IIIII¥. in till w.nn CoIIIIt 
..... 1IP1IMIIIIl EIIctId ~ IVIiIaIIII .. : 

• c...rur. JIIanIIiIW 80InI - 3 posItIInI 
• C ...... 80InI - 5 posItiaIIs 
• ExaIIvt IOInI - 2 posItIInI 
• IIIIIciII 80InI - 4 positions 
........ 10M - • pasitIoIs 
...... CollIe AS ....... IIIIiW .. - 3 posItIoas 

PIck up yo ... application tDday at 302 W .... campus, Room 1 - till 
de I ' ll far IIIninI in applications is Friday, AprIl 14, 1918. 

TAY -SACHS Disease Prevention Program 

Attend our only planning meetings: 
April 10: 6:30-8:30 pm USB 2622 

A~ril 11: 7:30-9:30 pm USB 2622 

GET INVOLVED! 

Volunteers needed for clinic in May 
For information call: 294-5659 

triton times Mond.y, April 10, 1178 

A new "Alice" here next week 
much twaddle ." 

" Alice", a musical 
adaptation in rhyme of 
the Lewis Carroll 
classic, will premiere 
at 8 pm Thursday , 
April 20, in the UCSD 
Theatre at the Univer-
sity of California , San 
Diego. 

What prompted the 
play ' s director, Wil-
liam Glover , to at-
tempt a version in 
verse of .. Alice In 
Wonderland" and have 
it set to music and what 
kind of story is this 
particular " Alice? " 

.. If Carroll nad written a Uelmger. Since Carroll writes 
play, he would havewrittenit in so much in verse, explained 
verse," Glover a vered . " There Glover, he decided to versify 
just isn' t any other ve rsion of the entire play. 
'Alice' as a play, except for one " I had to get away (rom 
done in New York about 18 Carroll at times to give the 
yea rs ago and we couldn't use animals more of a sense of 
that. Then, because so much of cha racter. He could explain 
the book is narra tion, the story them in non-vocal passages but 
turned out to be a bit thin so I we had to have more dramatic 
realized it needed music." conflict. For instance , one of 

Glover said his adaptation the birds is a Mrs. Malaprop 
hews qu ite c lo se ly t o the who thinks she's grand and 
o r igI na l, utili zing m a ny of . mispronounces words." 
Ca rroll's own lyr ics for songs As to th e ta les of Lewis 
which have been set to music by Carroll told with increasing 
Santa Monica com p oser, gusto in th is age of psycho-
musician and teacher Larry history , Glover called them " so 

Carroll (mathemati-
cian Charles Lutwidge 
Dodgson) , said Glover, 
was not an abnormal 
admirer of young gir ls 
but a "shy man who 
s tuttered and love d 
children." He gave and 
received love from 
children, Glover said, _ 
more easily than from 
adults . 

" He was a very 
warm man," said the 
writer/director, "very 
influenced by the 
English class system. 
His animals sound Uke 

hi s contemporarie s, upper-
middle or upper-class people in 
a society whic h pu t down 
children." 

For this reason, Glover 's 
Alice is not a Disney girl. She 's 
able and spirited and talks back 
to the animals (adults) who try 
to belittle her . 

" She says 'shan't' to the king 
and ' rubbish' to the hatter ," 
Glov e r offe red b y way of 
example. 

This " Alice" is a child Li..ke 
story, rather tha n a child 's 
story. It is, said Glover ; for the 
child in us a ll , though it is a play 
(or a du lts . And , though its 
language is a bit advanced, it is 
designed for the de lectatiOn of 
children . 

" But then , " Glov e r e x-
plained , " most people talk 
down to children , so even the 
use of words like ' ineluctab le', 
which c hildren might not 
understand, is a reflection of 
the way most o[ the world trea ts 
a child ." 

Guest director Glov e r is 
himself a vetera n actor, having 
a ppea r ed in su ch fi lms as 
" Torn Curtain", on television 
in " Kung Fu" , " Run For Your 
Life " and " Ma n F r om At-
lantis" , and on Broadway in 
" Private Lives" and " Ross" , 
as well as at the Alley Thea t re 
in Houston in "Camino Real " , 
at the Mark Taper Forum in 
" The D viis" and with both the 
Stratford , Onta rio and Strat-
ford, Connecticut , festiva ls. He 
a lso appea red in San Diego with 
the Old Globe Thea tre . 

Glove r has directed a t the 
Oregon a nd Gr ea t L a k es 
Sha kespeare Festiva ls , a t the 
Seattle and Missouri Repertory 
Theatres and at Ohio Uni ver-

UCSD Theatl'e presents : 
April 20- 23 ! 25-30th 

8:00 "(?Tl . 

__ INT.F1IIArCCIIALLY ACCI.<PlED HIKr & CLOIIN 
IR '" CT.ECHOSI.lJVAXIA --

APRIL 12th 
8:00 PM 

ity, a mong others. 
,.c.._ .. ~~!~~~~~_~_~!~~.!l ) id 
• t ~e 

A 
NEW 
MUSICAL BY 
WILLIAM GLOVER 

ADAPTED IN RHYME FRaM LEWIS CARROLL ' s CLASSIC 
ALICE I N WONDERLAND 

Tickels: 
$2 . 50 S1UDENTS $3 . 75 GENERAL 

may be obtai nec' at the UCSD Theatre Ticket 
Office , Wee~ day8 J from Noon - 4:00 pm 

CALL : 452-4574 
TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW: 

KID THEATQE 

MANDEVILLE recital hall 
UCSD THEATRE TICKET OFFIrF: 
~ ~2 . 00 S'/'UO£I/TS, 6J. 00 CEIiERAL 

e 
'iCOMMUNITYf ,; 
:(BLOOD BANK! 
! 983 India ; ucsd drama department ! 327 F Street i 

***************1i ~ PAYS DONORS ( t Pl· t U di ~ 1 for Service ! ~ a DllS ry l\.ea ng ~ l Mon. - Fri . ~ 
'?' ~, 233-5481 i 
-+c Spritupl Readings -tc l __ ._ .. _~!.~:~~ ....... _ .. _j 
t-+c Advice on all matters~ t iIif11>l' ..• . ' 
'?' Answers All Your Questions ~ 1 

~ 
-tc Love! h iC 
-+c - ~ 
-tc Marriage! .. i :.::: i 

~ h """ t 85.00 off ~. . J. ~ ~\ ~ ~ with thi8 ad _ """ 
~ V ~ 

~ Has helped many, why not you? ~ 
""" See her today, why wait? """ 
• O~7~.w~ f ~ 1261 Pro.peet 454-1324 ~ 

***************~ 

PRECISION CunlNG 
SKINCARE 

JUWET MANICURING 

A complete Hedken S"_ 

3251 Hoi .. , Ct. 
RI,hl by b JoII. VIII ... In. 

455-061. 
I 0% DlSCOI.wT 

ON SERVICES 
c w llh :>Ivden' or ~acull. 10 

~. 8rl"9 'h i.': . COUCJOn :4 

I 

( 

..".,. A,rtIl0, 1m 

personals 
SlOP ........ Iprawl Ia San Oleto-bllp aoedod 00 
iniUaliv. drivo-call_. ftlU) 
Leam the 0..,.,., 01 the Middle Eul m)'1lter\oua, 
.... u.l . Moo and Thun. E.""lIenllllltrUClOr .... 
1141 (4/ 14) NOW OPEN 
Subject. waDled lor fWl .. IDter.lilll Plyc b. u p. 
/dUll 110 lrealt. or .. pII.. _ Plycll. .......ICIert ... 
major. p .OII/b r for _ hr. ta·_ - lilt lor Judy. 
(4117) 

To: Rev.11o Gradualinl Soniors: A llot of Sprlnc 
11171 Revello ,radualel II pooled on the board 
outside the Rev.lle Provoal '. 0 111 .... Plea .. cbeck 
to ma ke l ure yoor name is on it. H you have a ny 
que . t lons , plea.e lee L iz Myer • . ( 4 / 10) 

WOMEN : Hav. you beeD u .. ul ted . ra ped or 
sexua lly app r oached wi thout your conlen t a t 
UCSD? Ha.1t been repon ed to \he police? I wanl to 
knOw . Ple .. e CCDtacl me al tho T riton Times. Call 
Laura ot 452·3* or .,1·_. (4/ 10) 
R< •• 11e J ... ln, Club. I,n up now! MWF 4: 45 
Sprin, QUlner lor more inlo call ~ (4/ 10) 

Revelle CoIlo,. Resident AeMscr a ptliicaaons are 
hein, accepted , PIck up a Job referral !rem Student 
EmplO)mfnl . 214 MC. Contact Revelle Residence 
Halls omce. Blake HaU. phone 4~-3\l26, lor mare 
mJmnauon. (4110) 

Academic . a dml nistratl\le. or lel a I hassle -: Ca ll 
UCSD Sluden l Advoca te Center Barry Hyman al 
452-4450 (4 / 1~1 

00 you w~ntf.l position'! Run for the Worren Col lele 
Student Go\'ernme nL Pick upappllcation at MC30'l 
Applicat ion. are due on Friday April I • . 1971. . 

Oradll .. : April U • pm . All Candidates for an 
ASUCSD ofhce must have a ll peti llOn! a nd fo rms 
,urned InlO Ihe E lection. Offlce by . pm Aprl l l2. For 
more. InrormatJon call Ell. 44$0. 

Expa nd ing busln~s Inte r Ytewlna students seeki ng 
excelle nt sum me r Income Opportun ity to continue 
pa rt ·tlme lhru school year. Ca ll for appointmen t. 
2:1'H II I. (411 41 

Pin, your pon, al Ihe R E~ELLE TABL E TENN IS 
TOURNAM~NT. For more in(ormallo n or to sign 
up ca il I'a roba: 4!S:.! ·9'l!S:.! or Alexl : 453-G522 (4 / 10) 

Gay Stude ll lJ ssocilltion Get~To"ethe r Mo~ay 
ApnI IO.tonigh t! 7 00 pm. orth Cont. Room (4110i 

All students now o r pr eviousl), enrolled in Geruld 
Bender's Sou the rn Africa cou rse's) . pleasel.."'On Lact 
Mdrgol a t x:l66IJ or Susan at 453-6471 or Tim a t :lI3-
0584 Immedia lel y. Urlent. , 

l 'CSD competition lot you down? StuJre your 
feeli ng' with someone. Call Focus 45:l .... ~. pm.) 
om DAILY 141101 

Work opportun Ities week ~ What do you iUppose tha i 
mea ns? 14/ 12' 

Th~y told me e \,erythinB WliS guaranteed WOW 
April 11·2 1 Don' t be lell ou l (41121 

Poll P~rson Needfll The Elect ions Committee 
needs pus on s 10 help man t he polis lo r the 
upcoming ASlJCSD EJection to be held Ma y :lnd 
• md .ird . If you would IIkr to help Contact The 
Elcttlon Commit ut their oUice in the AS OHice 
or 1.'01 11 EXl . """50. 

2206 Carmel Valley Rd . 
"lh Commu ters. Photo Date for 1st Warren Annua l. 
r\pnI13. Thur . 12 '" ~ pm Th~ Wallin front of HL on 
R .. \t'llc '''"2) 

for sale 
1m TOYOTA Corolla. AM/ t' M. 2 dr. 5 .~ed~!l~1 
r. dl . I •. low mil .. 131 15 215· 7413 . (4 11 0 ) 

Del Mar - 481-9491 
N ext door to Carnegie A -440 

11113 Chevell_ SS a ull> PS/ P B. ai r . AMII'M/C .... 
Real sharp call 454-107'1, 14/t) 

SLR eam .... ·MlI1liy.1 eker ~ DTL. 5Irnm I. ns 
f1.3. yIi,hl n ..... 800d condo fl40· Randy 4~·_ 
(41101 . 

SlIfboard 7 ... • IW.UOwtail txcell_1lI condit! on f4jO 
Ilrod 453·5942 (4112) triton classifieds 
'73 PI)moulh sebrtnc plus: 64000 rnI. loodco_on: 
AM/I'M radio: AlC BoIdn, .2000 453-7M3 (4 /7) &4 van . .iI. new tires , nev.' biJu er, jUl ted luned , $800 . p . Ca il 210. 1246 afte r 5 pm or . 4450 a l , • pm ask for art tme w ..... In peptide chemistry. Chern VoId S b" cu ed f Marl e"a. IT S A) ~ Ilude ... crequlv. lIrt. O_";bI • . Now , 175-2rn (4/ 101 u "" want or brain-wa ve e xperimenl J2.5G per hr. Call W. ndy a l xf1'17 lor a ppolntJneDI. (417) 
~OR ALE; Pa irof Boccerl! hl D guards. Br:andnew 
5100 Judy 17a·7555. 14/ 111 wanted 
1971 S. ab 96 sedan . Reil.bl Irans, good mec h 
rond . good 11",". 11100. D.n452-4555 . 4~"'932 (411 4) WANTED: A m ale mallel.d o • . wlthpape .... IOSlud 

my fema le. Will pay stud fee. 453_2 a.k for 
61 Merc Colony Park Wagon. 10 po .. rack . runs Ka thy . (417) . 

~rea t . saso . Weekdays: 452-3Sl1; eves : 487·9758 caah Schuyler (411 4, paHl for coins. ci ... rID, •. j.welry. deo"'l 

~;m~" CDr Sanyo Cassette player 12u powe r I UPP 
A I ASZA spkn Oneil SoalJohnbea ltop p rice 

neg "1"-113 14/ 14 ) 

1OId, .terillll and P'" INII U.S. Silver Com. K.n 
755-7171 (4m . 

Wkend clil--. Utehowcn mUll have ref .xper I ..... 
SII n fer2 ClilcftD live In La Jolla hClTM! prt.oateroem bath v; .. one lI ute fai rly old bul il is in playln, boord i ....... in clild dev.l0prneIlll P,yCh' verY 
con Ilion c.. 11 Gln,. r 452-8163 eveninp (411 2) h.lpful. Salary open . Cali 4$ 4· 151 4 ( 4 / 12 ) 

The canal debate ... 
McGovern.·.. Laxalt ... 

(Stories continued from page 2) 
~~ati~s , conf1jct over the canal mall that continue to flood our 
but on y W~Uld be more likely, Senate offices in Washington terro~~re eadly n~t .isolated shows. that vast numbers of 
the U . m opposed Jomtly by Americans, after months of 
but a Dl.ted States and Panama, debate, still oppose the treaties 
the i ~~nsurgency from among Politically, it would be just 

Asn Igenous population. plain wrong to ignore this 
we s:e tvote on the final treaty, expression of public opinion 

na ors should remember . t~at ou r choice will bear Wep~opon-:ntsofkeepingthe 
directly on the risk of war _ c~n~l fl~ly ID US hands came 
and that for all our talking n wlth~n a smgle vote of defeating 
benator. has to fear that he :.vil~ the first treaty. When it comes 
e r~U1red to go down and take down to voting " yes" or " no" 

part In the fighting on the bottom line question of 
We should show the world and surrendering control, I am o~rselves that we have a sense hopeful that the security risks 

o proportion. Let us declare economic uncertainties and 
that we will not squander our political problems of voting in 
values or ourcredentlals for the favor of this unpopular treaty 
ake of m isplaced national wlll produce the votes we need 

to bury the pact once and for all. 

Child care, I infanl 10 tn. per week. U .65 hoor 411 · 
1510 (4/7) . 
Larae hrn. a pt. Old Del Mar, $1%5." mo. plu. 10 In. 
Child an per wit . Walklobeach, bus . s hop . ,,1 ·1510 
T .... Inllnm ..... SR51 er SIA . CaD BaITy 211-1&25 
(4110) 

Psychol_ 101 Old exam . ... nted. Can Rick 273-
t21S, Bve mHa,e if not in . 
Pal "'" _ _ : Tbo Eleetions Ccmniaee 
_ persoo. 10 help mantho poIl.fcrtho upccmlnc 
ASUCSD Deaiono lobe held MaY2nd.nd~. lIyou 
wouldllketo help, contactTb.EIecIi .... Ctmnitlee 
al Ib ... GIIic. in the AS OIDce cr call En. 44M. 

WIln"'d:lnlp~ntmal.". MUll be c lITentlyrnarried cr 
~ n "", oo n, SIngle rela ti o ... hl p. Sox lherapy ",<WIdod 
In cO",unction wilh Vlycholol!icai Itudy . Contact 
IIIario IJIssiaben 75U160 (411 2) 

Su mmer wor k opportunities for ha rd worki 
s tuden" that would like to t ravel th is summer ~ 
per/mo. Call 459-4396. (4/ 14) 

WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO 
WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO 
APRIL 17-21 WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO'" 
OWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO .. 
WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO 
(4/ 121 

..... 11 

travsl 
. Unique Tour ART IN ITALY WIlveroily credll 

po .. lble. 6 week. 11460. call J . Mono Trav. 1 71 .. 
297·_ (4/ 12) 
BOOK ON CAMPUS: E urope. Hawaii WId N.w 

~ ork Cherler rll'~lI. CIE E Studeat Tuvel 
SIudeIII Center IHU. Open weelUla)'l 12-4. Call . sa: 
_ "It) 

services 
PROFESSIONAL TH E SIS I MANUSCRI P T 
TYPING: Experlenced: llooroqbJy famlUar willi 
Alilorm .. elyle requiremeala. Rub jol:w accepced. 
IBM CooTectJIII Solectric " typewriter. Day __ 
3311; . ... _2N7. (l it) 

Typilt ln P .B .• IBMSoIecIric. low r."' • • CoII_ .... 
21" (4110) 

Typin.~xperleoced, ",Uabl., reaaonable. IBM 
Cor....,II •• Seleclrlc. C.II anytime 45U127 M ... 
OIdJ. (118) • • 

TYPING! IBM Solectrlc tenn papen, lhues, PhD. 
diJaert.u ..... editlnc •. RUSHJOBS -~ sao-
'171 . ___ 452· 15U (111) • 

TulOrIn, - Calculu. , AI,.,bra , TrI, . Anal (Geom) , 
Phyaic., Sla tl ll lc • . Call Ish 217·4751 ( 5 / 24 ) 

Medi cal Sc bola rahip • . 500 i mmedia te .. ·year 
medJcal tcholar.hjpl available Lo Itoterinl or 
. nrolled med lIudents. C.II Navy Medical Team 
2t3-M44. (4/ 21 ) 

II thinp Just ct1 the Raek nev ... d o II,. y .... 1Iy\i.h 
bock - CaD KJote Supornostem sewlnc41110Kl (417) 

Car """eo, CB IlIItallation, reper and salel . 10 y ..... 
exp. C.II a nytime Karl 755· Z665 S .B . (4 / 2 11 

Gay SIUden'" ASSOCI . 
April 10 tonjght! 7 00 auo~ l e t·together MOnday, 

pm. ortlo Conf Room (41101 

housing 
GradUlile studenl needed to aha", 3 bedroom 

to~nho u.e with one/ two othert Slts/ montb 2 
mr esJl O min . .... lrorn Cenlral Cam 
xUS2 or 453-51l1li. (4n) pus. Peter 

Del Ma r IWO room. avallabl. in lurnill\ed 'Pl. balf 
block 10 beac h 112 a nd 113 48 1· U'" (4 /7) 

HOUSEMATES WANTED: 2 rooms a v. iI Apri l II 
and Ma y 11 clole 10 fre ewa )l . Non. m okerl . 
$ lIZ.5G/ rno. IIIlk., Mark, P . I m-1lM7. Day • . "'.rk 
or Pal 45H! 14 (4110, 
C""pl. Interested In sublelu na . partrrwnl cloit '" 
UCSD ov.r wnmer (June 17 to Sept. 25' ill us-
8264 (4110) . 

Del M:r beech condo. Tenri • • jacuni, sauna 1110-
$!40 lin" . or double call Mlchell. 756-71173 (411 0) 

Fer !I.": New W condo __ campus. 2 BR. pool , 
lemu., carage, carpet.I . npes. S40G mo ~ 
(4/10) 

l.arlr. f.." Bpt Old Del Mar 11%5 "rno pi ... \0 In 
child ..... per wk Walk 10 beacb . bus. sbopo. " I· 1510 
(417) 

MICHRISTIA Neb roemmate (.) starlina tlus 
quar1« SOSU math senior. Planuobe Grad Stude .. 
bon In taU. 513-2440 Jon (4/ 12) 

~oomte . to share:l bd rm dplx In DB Wi th mellow 
hll Grad . Rene llUO Call Dav. 452.3070 _. 

1391 (4/l2) • or._ 

~ummer Trade or Rental in La JolI~ /Del Mar area 
an trade quie1 3 bronn nat near Berkeley UC 
~~~ PUI J . Greenbaum 342 Slxty ·Thlrd 5t 

• lan d , CA 94611 1415 ) 655 ·5024 (4114; 

lost & found 
Kathl Edv. ard . )our meal card \/las fou nd OUlSJde 
U B 'lin and IS \/laltmg for )'00 al lhe TT otrice 

Lo t OK blue (ZOO IAlhgator) IIW al~r. Lou or 
sentimental value attached P1eez retu rn to TT 
oHlce RewLI rd 

Lost Great P hyrendes n ar UCSD 100 hke a polar 
bear. Name Ralph Fn endJy" Call Micheli 455·5971 

Lost ca lcu la lor Thur! 4/6 .round Thi rd Coli 
PleOise. pl .£5 cilll 454· 1'7'91 or drop by 'M' of~: 
Loot: Ladiu , <lld ID InceIetlhln plate with ··M .. t, 
........ ed. se ..... ntaJ •• Iue. 455_ 

L
U

"

I 
· Red Jippored poucb co_"nl poDland k.y • . 

ouncl pI_ call _77 ... 

Mr. TruIo wlU be al Slea>rllo·. on Satunloy aod 
Sunday In la te a ltemoon. Orop by and N y hi! 

Alice ... 
(Continued from page 10) 

UC Sa n Diego' s .. Alice" will 
t>t: performed in ensemble style 
With a cast which include 
Sandra Franklin in the title role 
and others portraying over lOO 
c h aracters . Among other 
member of the cast are Jonas 

A~ra ham , Scott Anderson , 
K IP P B a ke r and J ea nn e 
Paulsen. 

The technical staff in Iud 
t~e f~lIowing: D' vid Krieb ', 
ligh tin g ; Ra y wedenburg 
ound ; Marga ret Mar ha ll ' 

choreography; Franci ' 
Thumm , piani t ~ nd choral 
rna ter ; Robin D n "0-
t~me ; Dan Cork, technical 
director; and Tom Kamm 

" Ali<' ,. will also be' pre: 
. ented at 8 pm April 21-23 a nd 
25-30. General dmi ion i 
$3.75; U D tud nttick t ar 
$2 .50. Ticket ar a ailable at 
th . D Theatre T icke t 
Office, 203 Warren ampu , 
452 574 or 452-379l . 



..... 12 triton tllIIII Monday, April 10, 1171 

Job market looking better 
PA SOVEA Advice for women seeking jobs 
19 - 5738 If you're a woman who'll be explanation," says Liebrenz. " Why?" Because computers 

April 21 st and 22nd 
Spend Passover Seder 

with a family or a 
small group. 

receiving a college degree this "For the most part, women are are spreading into every field 
June, Gloria Liebrenz, head of still not earning bachelors now, and today ' s graduate 
the Career Planning and degrees in the 'hot' fields like must have some understanding 
Placement Center at the engineering and computer of how they work and how to use 
University of California, San science. College women still them," Llebrenz says. 
Diego, has some good news and seem to be confining them- To day's coli e g est u den t 
some bad news for you. selves to studying subjects like would also be well advised to 

First, the good news. sociology, art history, linguis- secure an internship while 
.. According to nationwide tics and anthropology - all pursuing his or her studies, 

statistics," says Liebrenz, "job fields which offer few direct job even though this might delay 
offers to women are running 37 opportunities for the person graduation fo.r a quarter or 
percent ahead of last year. Job with only a B.A. degree." more, according to Liebrenz. 
offers to men are only 29 Liebrenz pointed out that "The actual work experience 
percent ahe3d of last year." with respect to the overall job - the on-the-job training -

For further information call: Now for the bad news. market for the 1978 graduate, offered by an internship is " Job offers to women with this will be a very good year. invaluable in helping a 
bachelors degrees still make up "With the gradual recovery graduate secure a job. More 
only 19 percent of all the jobs of the economy, this looks like and more students are be~om­
offered ," according to Lie- the best year JQr.. college ing aware of thi s-, and are 
brenz. graduates to find jobs since the taking the extra time to 

Jewish Campus Centers 
of San Diego 

583-6080 What's the reason for this 1970s began," she said. complete their studies. seeming discrepancy? Liebrenz has plenty of advice " I am amazed at how many 
" There ' s a very simple for the college student facing students I see who have 

the battIe for a job. managed to go through high 

t.1UMa Navy. For phyIIcI. 
chef. 1IIfrf. ellgInHMg and moIh ~ 

CNIIIng along 1M boftom Is .... ,.... war to 1M top. 
bdoYs Mcwy 0f*0N' more than half 1M MOCJOIS In 

--- AmeIk:o. Our ~ fI'OIrinQ pogrom Is 1M 

Juniors and Seniors may 
qualify for a 5650 per 
month scholarship for all 
or part of your senior 

belt onvwheN. Nd ruMor ofIk:IMs ~ 
rapidly throuQh 1M ronhI eomg 
~ leY-' IOIartes (1IOIf« 51 • . 000). 

So. If yo.l,.1oohIng for 0 corMr 
~In"" 

RJdeor fteId. the 
NoYyCXlt'l~YOU 
the bOOIf thor will 
Mnd you rtghf to 

1M fOp" 

Contact: the Navy 
Information Team 
for Officer Pro-
grams af UCSD 
Career Planning 
and Placement 
Office April 25-26, 
10 am-2 pm, or call 
LT. John Chalker 
at 293-6444. 

First of all, she says, be sure school and four years of college 
that sometime during your and have never held a job." 
college career take some "My advice to parents is to 
courses in accounting; statis- force their children to work to 
tic and computer science. earn money for at .least some 

"Even if you are a liberal arts part of their education. That 
major, in fact, particularly if way they will at least have 
you are a liberal arts major, some work experience when 
knowledge of these subjects they graduate," says Liebrenz. 
can be very important in giving The best advice she gives to 
you saleable skills when you students, however, is to know 
graduate. the job prospects before you 

graduate. 
"There are almost no jobs in 

fields like anthropology , 
sociology, history or literature 
for people with only a bach-
elors degree," she says. "But 
your chances for employment 
increase if you can combine 
your knowledge of history with , 
an understanding of how 
computers work. 

"Students nowadays simply 
must become more aware of 
their chances for finding work 
in their field before they spend 
four or more years pursuing a 
major which, while personally 
enriching, may be useless in 
helping them compete for an 
interesting job when they 
finally leave school. " 

: ............................................ , 
• • i WE NEED YOU! i 
• • 
• • 
• • 
: The ASUCSD Elections Commit- : 
: tee NEEDS interested students to : 
: help with the upcoming ASUCSD : 
: elections (May 2nd and 3rd). If you : 
: have a few hours to spare, either on : 
: the election days or before that, : 
: contact the AS Elections Committee : 
: at their office in the Student Center : 
: or call ext. 4450 from 9 am to 4 pm : 
: daily. . : 
: ASUCSD 'ELECTIONS : 
: May 2nd and 3rd : 

__ EARN 
year. 

• • ~ ........ ~~~~~~~++ .. ++~~~~~~~~~~~ .. ~~ ........... " ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

-_ .... 

-- -- ... ... - ... " 

-- ---- ...... 
.,.- ... -

-- -... 
-- ... -

-- -... 
-- ---- -... 

-r............ OU ING FO 1978-79 .............. .. 
• • 
• • 
• DAPART E TDRA SARE OWTAKI GPL • 

•• I 
I 
• I 

ollege 
Re\'eJle 
Muir Apt . 
Muir Dorm 
Third 

rrf'n 
M 

A ATTHEMESAUi DERGRAD ATE PART 1 TSFOR • 
DE nc I~AR. PPROPRI TE DEADI I D OF}1'ICE 

Room Draw 
April 26-May 5 

pril 2 
~I) .. 

pril 24 
pril 27 

••• 

LOW: 
pplicati~ Due 

pril I 
prjl 19 

'by I 
April 14 
April 24 

pril I .. ••• 

Info ont ct 
-----utumn 

Lenore 
I.enore 
Sandie 
Vir&inia 
(;u dalupe 

Phone o. 
452- 025 
452-4200 
452-4200 
452-434 

!i2-4581 
452·2952 

"Me will be in inng out contract pril 14 an ill continue until pa i tak n. partm nt will n t I ct d until 
contract are return d. 

~~-----------------------------------------------------~ 

Subscription sales for 
the La Jolla Ught news--
paper. Work from list of 

nonsubscribers. Eam 
excellent income - ·S per 
dJsc:ription. laIe aflel1lOOi t, 
.earty evening or weekends 
- transportation neceuary. 
Apply at 7580 Fay Avenue, 

La jolla. 

,4~ 
4'" UCSD 

OUTING 
~ CLUB 


