
UCSaDDtegO Monday, II., 22,1178 

Tests try 
to review 
not teach 

Question of "social responsibility',' 
Regents reject Investment Council 

by Laura A. Richter 
ews Editor 

Certain names have become 
household words in America. 

Betty Crocker. 
Sara Lee. I 
Stanley Kaplan. 
Kaplan, it is true, derives his 

fame primarily from the 
university community, but 
unlike the Betty Crocker or 
Sara Lee facrications, Kaplan 
exists in the flesh and blood, 
residing in New York City. 

Kaplan has fathered 60 test 
preparation centers in the US, 
as well as centers in Switzer-
land, Puerto Rico and Canada. 
Locally, the Pacific Beach 
location has been in operation 
for two years. 

Of the 10 ,000 persons who 
enroll yearly to prepare for the 
various standardized tests in 
the admittance process to 
graduate programs , 5,000 
persons have their sights on the 
MCAT - a medical school 
requirement. According to the 
records of the various centers, 
the average enrolling student 
already has a GPA of3.7 or3.8 , 
and is " reasollaqlY a~ure<iof a 
good interview." Why, then, 
do the top students seem to feel 
they need Kaplan's course? 

"Nobody's a genius and can 
remember material that they 
learned five years ago," 
Kaplan explains. " People get 
involved in their own school 
work and can't organize an 
efficient way to review. Most 
students are procrastinators." 

"Sense of commitment" 
Kaplan felt that when a 

person pays for and enrolls in a 
course, a sense of commitment 
is secured. Another factor is the 
orientation of the MCAT. "The 
nature of the test is quite 
different from those at the 
uni versity," commented 
Kaplan, who finds that what 
students usually encounter are 

(Please turn to page 6) 

by Ron Duhl 
Daily Californian Staff Writer 

SAN FRANCISCO - In a 
surprise move likely to trigger 
further protests like those held 
last week, the full Board of 
University of California 
Regents Friday overturned the 
recommendation of council to 
advise the Regents on matters 
of social reponsibility in 
investments. 

The vote agaipst the pro-
posed advisory council was ten 
votes in favor, ten against. 

The vote came after state 
assembly speaker Leo Mc-
Carthy left the meeting to catch 
a plane to Los Angeles for a 
speaking engagement. His vote 
would have been the deciding 
one in favor of the proposal had 

William Coblentz 
the vote been called before he 
left. 

Regents chair William 
Coblentz openea the discussion 
on the advisory council out of 
order as the first item of 
business, hoping to be able to 
get a vote before McCarthy left. 

Despite pressure from 
Coblentz to speed the debate 
conservative Regents Dean 
Watkins and Edward Carter 
objected and proceeded with 
filibuster tactics. 

Watkis offered an ammend-

Politics or cademic cr d ntl 

ment to the proposed council 
which was at first unacceptable 
to Regent Stanley Sheinbaum 
who designed the council. After 
several minutes of discussion, 
Watkins changed his amend-
ment to make it more accept-
able to Sheinbaum. 

Carter also spent severa1 
minutes arguing against the 
proposed council, and accused 
his colleagues of trying to 
railroad the proposal through 
with the help of "the Sacra-
mento faithful", meaning Gov. 
Brown and McCarthy. 

The council would have ad-
vised the board how to vote on 
stockholder and management 

resolutions submitted to 
corporations in which the 
university invests, 

Originally intended to consist 
of 12 members with representa-
tives from students , staff, 
faculty and alumni groups, the 
am mended proposal would 
have created two committees. 
One committee would advise 
only on funds held by the 
university retirement system, 
the other on funds from 
endowments. Each committee 
would have had nine members. 

Despite the acceptance of his 
amendment. Watkins wa~ 
among those who opposed the 
propo ed council. Carter also 

argued against the plan 
because of the adverse effect he 
felt it would have on future 
donations to the university. 

Donors pledged gifts to the 
university , " Because of the 
excellent record on manage-
ment of funds by this board (of 
Regents) ," Carter said. 

Carter also questioned the 
necessity of obtaining " moral 
judgments (on matters of 
corporatel social responsibil-
ity) from people no better 
qualified than the Regents 
themselves. " 

Sheinbaum responded that 
there is a need to consult 

(Please turn to page 3) 

McElroy, Dymally meet with day 
care supporters in Berkeley 

by Reed Alpert 
Associate New Editor 

Chancellor McElroy told a 
group of UCSD day care 
supporters Thursday at the 
Regents meeting in Berkeley 
that he has a firm commitment 
to keep the day care center 
operating for one more year 
and to continue working for a 
permanent solution. 

The group of students, led by 
AS Commissioner of Student 
Welfare Barry Hyman, met 
with McElroy , Lieutenant 
Governor Mervyn Dymally and 
UC Student Lobby representa-
tive Felice Smith to dicuss the 
day care center and the fate of 
the 21 students arrested in the 
sit-in last Friday. 

McElroy reiterated the 
UQiversity will not Q.ring 
charges against the students 
and that he is opposed to any 
academic suspension for the 
arrested students. 

Although the San Diego City 
Attorney can still bring charges 
against the students, McElroy 
said the university " WOUld not 
be disturbed if the (the City 
Attorney' Office) did not press 
charges" and assured thp. 

students that he would convey 
that message to the City 
Attornev. 

.. A lot of po itive things hap-
pened in Berkeley because a 
lot of statewide connections 
were made by care care 
supporters, " said Hyman , 
" however , dealing with the 
Regents, politicans and the 

Student Lobby was disappoint-
ing. I found them very elitist 
and not personally concerned 
with the issues. 

"However, Nat Holden, the 
State Senator from Watts, wa 
the only person I found to be 
truly concerned with human 
issues, " added Hyman. 

(Please turn to page 8) 

'April 'MC'AT scores 
to be reissued June 1 

by Ran Anbar 
Managing Editor 

The Medical College Admis-
sions Test (MCAT) standard-
ized s<!ores reported to over 
29,000 students across the 
c.ountry last week.._ were 
miscalculated by the company 
that administered the test, 
according to UC San Diego 
officials. 

The American Association of 
Medical Colleges has informed 
the UCSD Admissions Office 
that the scores reported for the 
April 15 MCAT are to be 

disre~arded. accordin~ to Dr. 
Charles Spooner, Associate 

Dean of Admissions at the 
UCSD School of Medicine. 

New scores are to be reissued 
to students on June 1. Apparent-
ly the computer made a 
mistake in tabulating the 
scores, according to Spooner. 
The grades that have been 
reported are lower than the 
actual scores, be said. 

Spooner said the problem 
with grading the MCA T would 
not affect the admissions 
proces for the 1979-80 year 
because the applications for the 
Medical School will not be 
accepted until June 15. 

Tenure review: cases, questions 
"It's a econd hope," said 

Seng Kim, a tudent a sistant 
in the Career Planning and 
Placement Office. "There will 
be some change in the core. 
The change will be up, " he aid. 

Kim said that the Career 
Planning Office ha been 
advi ing tudents not to make 
any decisions yet regarding 
application to medical chools, 
pending the reis uance of the 
score . 

by Steve Gould 
Due to an increasing desire on the tudents ' behalf to prevent 

their favorite professors from being denied tenure, expanded 
media coverage and an overall greater concern for the quality 
of higher education, more attention has been placed on tenure 
r view in thi chool year than ever before at UCSD, 

Although the list of professor recently deni d tenur far 
exceeds the ones listed here, three profes ors ' case in 
parti ular will be looked at: those of Drs. Michael Real, Will 
Wright and Gerald Bender. 

Real on a wire 
Real, an assistant professor in the Communications 

Program, is on contract (appointment) through the 1978-79 
academic school year. Hi t nure review last year was 
ov~rturned on an appeal and a new review is now in progress. 

When asked to assess his chances of receiving tenure, Real 
stated, . 'On a contents basis of the file, there is every reason to 
expect tenure . I have extensive publications and good 
evaluations from ten people outside of this campu . 
Til die third in a 'br pan lies on 'he tenure review 
proc of a' UCSD. This egmen' deals witb certain 
prole. or.' c and rai es qu slion about tb ov rail 
f .f 'be proeeu. 

"However, on past experien e ba i and in the case of mo t 
Third College junior faculty, one would expect problems." 

Real feels ~lS I;>Crsonal situation .boi~s down to working with 
the Commumcatlons Program, which 1 currently in j opardy 
of being disbanded. "Any evaluation of me," RE'al aid "wa an W~ W"'ht .ad hi. o"n'crowtied "Se ••• eI Viole 
~ ______________________ ~~~(PI a 'umtopage _3_) ___ t_h. __ q_._._rl __ er_. ____ ~ ______________________________ ~ 

UCSD tudents have been 
especially disappointed in the 
low reported biology core thi 
year, said K'im . There ha 
already b en talk about going 
to the provo ts and reque tin 
that a better biology program 
be set up for next year, he aid. 

Th American A ociation of 
Medical Colleges adrnini tered 
the MCA T through th Ameri-
can I'ege Testing Program. 
Both or~anizatioD refused to 
comm nt on problem with th 
te ts, a/ing that a tatement 
will be i 'ued om tim today. 



I 

plnl n . . 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------'----~==.=;~a=ry: Jarvis-Gann 

I've. ~Ui6ed TO ao ent Pol: .5(.; term pape.r or. 1he. 
~rel1test Ameri(~r1 naval diSC\sfer i(1, 1115+0('1 

politics of self-interest 
by NaUuut Meyers 

Howard Jarvis is not an 
elected official. Nor is he an 
oppressed minority, struUling 
homeowner, impoverished 
senior citizen, or radical 
activist. Howard Jarvis is 
simply a well-to-do owner of 
several apartment complexes. 

But this election year, 
Howard Jarvis is more than a 
landlord. For some strange 
reason, he has become a 
champion of the oppressed, 
hero of the underdog, and fly in 
the political ointment. Howard 
Jarvis has become a folk hereo 
and a legend in his own mind. 

Jarvis' claim to fame, of 
course, is the hotly debated 
prope'rty tax initiative , 
Proposition 13. He has man· 
aged to gain a good deal of 
publicity and support by hitting 
people, so to speak, where they 
live. 

Nathan Meyers Is a Warren 
CoUele physi-~s major_ 

Jarvis has promised Califor-
nians that passage of his 
initiative will curb the 
unpopular property tax, force 
the state to spend less money, 
and ultimately, return govern-
ment to the people. Pretty lofty 
goals for a single initiative. 

But while there is no question 
that the property tax laws are 
ripe for revision, the argu-
ments on both sides of this 
particular initiative have 
reached various stages of the 
ridiculous. 

Opponents cry that schools 
will be hurt. ,Humbug, says 
Jarvis, the sctlools are just 
turning out illiterates anyway. 
To press their point, however, 
many school systems have 
sunk to issuing hundreds of 
teachers dismissal notices 
which are contingent upon 
passage of the bill. The debate 
has reached an insultingly low 
level. 

But, politi cs aside, it is 
worthwhile to examine the 
economics of the initiative. 

According to Jarvis, the 
lower income will force the 
state to spend less. It will teach 
our legislators to keep their 
hands off of our hard-earned 
money. 

Jarvis has not, however, 
indicated how the state is 
supposed to save all this 
money. Nor does it bother him 

that his initiative would destrOy 
California's precarious bond 
rating. These are the state's 
problems. not Howard Jarvis'. 

amounts of property. In short, 
the Initiative is blatantly self-
serving. / The problems can be easily 

alleviated. of course. It is 
simply a matter of finding 
another source of income. The 
state has several options: 
income tax, sales tax, utility 
tax, alcohol and cigarette tax, 
and licensing fees , to name a 
few. 

The California legislature 
has reacted to the Jarvis 
challenge with an initiative of 
its own, Proposition 8. Like .J 
Prop. 13, it would limit property )' ~-
taxes . Unlike Prop. 13 , its L-)..~) 
constitutionality is not ques- .J IV\ \ 

So Jarvis is clearly right 
when he asserts that, in the long 
run. the state will not be hurt by 
his initiative. The rest of us will 
make up for the drastic tax cuts 
he stands to enjoy. 

tionable - the Jarvis-Gann i 
initiative would lace immed· 
iate court challenge upon \ 
passage. 

Thanks to Howard Jarvis, the \..~ 
state of Californi~ has seen the ( ''? 
need to revamp its justifiably '-, Il iff~_ 
unpopular property tax laws. . 

And therein lies the offensive 
nature of Proposition 13. 
Jarvis. as an apartment owner, 
stands to save much more on 
property taxes than he loses on 
other tax increases . The 
balance will be provided by 
those of us who do not own large 

As voters , we have the Ab t· $ t d ? 
opportunity to effect this . or Ion 0 ay care. 
change. 

We can take this step by Chancellor McElroy: 
supporting Prop. 8. Or we can I feel that I have a viable solution to the problem pf Day Care Centers at 
support the extremist tactics of the University. Take that money which has been earmarked for abortions 
Prop. 13 and watch Howard and transfer it to the care of children. This would be the most logical 
Jarvis la~gh all the way to the financing. An eye for an eye or more precisely, a liCe for a death. 
bank Implementing this proposal would be easy . Simply take over a building, 

. hold it until demands are met, and then wait for amnesty. It seems quite Will Wright emphasizes clear tome. Thank you. ~ICHAELNADALSKY 
unification in struggle 
Editor: 

To those of you who call Will Wright the armchair radical, since when 
has one individual a lone changed the problems of SOCiety? Anyone who 
listens to the context of his ideology would realize .that he has never 
claimed to fight the university single-handed. Rather, he has emphasized 
the necessity to be unified in our struggle to protest for our rights, which 
have been "unconscionably" insulted and abused by the university. His 
objective is to raise our consciousness in order that we react in solidarity, 
as individuals, with common social and economic needs. It is this " myth of 
individualism" which the university and other institutions have 
deliberately manipulated to create such aggressive and inhuman 
competition among us . These institutions have alienated the natural 
tendencies of human relationship and have misinterpreted them as foreign 
and to some extent even radical. 

With the preceding note, we can move to the radical human tendencies 
that took place Wednesday May 10, 1978. After Will Wright's I : 00 lecture, a 
mass oC students from bis class walked to the ChanceUQr's office to jOin the 
others (parents and other students) in the fight Lo keep the Day Care 
Center open. Will Wright followed about one-half hour later with a broad 
grin on hiS face. He smiled and winked at faces he recognized. There was a 
beautiful glow of accomplishment on his face , not so much in regard to 
whether we finally do get the center, but rather, he saw his words become a 
reality - people working and striving together. We were all there for a 
reason, that is to save the Day Care Center. Our action against the 
university thus has become significant because it demonstrates our 
strength and our potential to struggle together , and that is what Will 
Wright is all about. 

NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 
The Triton Times Is published by UCSD students as ~n official stuaent newspaper. 

Publication is on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays during the ;olOular school year 
(except on official holidays). Editorial and bu'lne~s c.N lces are locatec ir the Student 
Center at the University of California. San Diego. For editorial . cali 452-346fl: lor 
busir.ess and display advertising . call 452-3468. 

Letters to the editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissioins should be 
typed and double-spaced on a 69-space hne. They should not exceed 1'h pages in 
length. 

Submitted male rial must bear the name and student identifica tion number of the 
.author. Names can bewithheldfrom publicat ion on request: however. thenameswill be 
held on file for pubMc inspection. 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of space limitations 
or style requirements. 

E!'t1re contents copyright 1978 the Triton Times. 
--------------------~ 

Bekken too expensive? 
Editor: 

It·s always a shame when village idiots like Jon Bekken prattle on ami 
clutter up perfectly good columns in the Triton Times. While Bekken has a 
right to belch out what he feelS, it should not be at our expense. Henceforth, 
all wit and wisdom uttered by "Bootsy" should be ul:rtitled by Gullible ' 
Travels. 

PETE KELLNER 

Professor fe'els squeaky 
clean over book endings 
Editor: 

As regards Mr. Esser's deploring 
in your pages (May 121 that I Jlave 
away how Joseph Conrad's The 
Secret Alent turned out: what a 
small-minded insinuation to make 
on his part that I might have 
reacted to criticism of the way I 
talked about novels in the form of 
grades I handed out. To the best of 
my knowledge I never said that Mr. 
Esser was stupid, although I may 
have said that I thought his 
objection was; as I remember I 
found the word " trivial" in my 
mouth. I was thinking of the finer 
pleasures to be got in our attending 
to the implications of what Conrad 
called the " ironical method" of the 
novel. Winnie Verloc's dispatching 
of Mr. Verloc near the end of the 
novel pays tribute to it. 

As to the assumption I make that 
students have read assigned 
novels: teachers must do their job 
whatever happens to be the state of 
student reading, and that involves 
talking about the way novels end as 

well as begin. As I recall , my 
remarks on the way D.H. Law-
rence's Women in Love ends were 
given in the context of an initial 
lecture on the differences between 
early and late modem novels, and 
were intended to point to certain 
historical changes that may have 
occurred. I was setting Women in 
Love against Jane Austen'sEmma, 
that wholly unapocalyptic work. 
Mr . Esser remarked on that 
occasion that I was " giving the end 
of the novel away." I made a mock 
apology, but didn't understand his 
evident grimness. I still don 't, and 
am unrepentant. I must also say 
that whatever intemperateness I 
was guilty of in responding to Mr. 
Esser's "criticism" was provoked 
by the curtness and grimness of his 
initial gibe, which took the form of 
his telling me that there I had gone 
and done it again. I did do it again, 
and felt (a nd feel) absolutely 
squeaky clean . 

JACK BEHAR 
Department or Lilerature 

.--------------------------~ ~r ...... · ..... ··-·~·· ....... -··-··-.. _ .. _., ..... , I [ : . EARN $3.50/hour : 
: Full or part-time work to distribute the 1978 : 
: Zip Code Directories in your own area. : 
I ·Flexible hours around school schedule I 
: ·Work at your own pace :, 
: ·Summer openings available now : 
~_____ _~JY~1§~'lZg ________ ! 

50~ 0d~Fhg/u:tu~otJ.'r>. 
on any iIlD WIC - - - ~ 

after 4:00 pm 
offer e,,,.ires May 31 

OPEN 
ON CAMPUS 
11-8 Mon-Fri 

S.n Diego'. fint 
Natar.1 Foode with 
F •• , Fooel SeRlice 

UCSD: 

Proudly Announces Our 

FIRST ANNUAL 

FOUR YEAR COLLEGE 

ESSAY COMPETITION 

SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM 

• Two Full·Tuition Paraleeal Specialist Scholar-
ships for Senior Colleee Graduates Only· 

• To Enhance The Paralecal Profession 
• 1977·1978 Topic: "COURT REFORM" 

CONTACT 
Mrs. KJJthy Htrlh 
AuociGte Dean 

for Academic Affairr '" PlGcement 

'iCOMMUNITYt 'lBLOODB~ 
I . 
i. 983 India { 
1 327 F Street , 

~ PAYSDONORS i ( 1 
, for Service !,:. 
f Mon . - Fri. 
I 233·5481 i 
, 234-4601 • ,..~ ...... _ .. , .. _ .. __ ._~-.-J 

PACIFIC BEACH: 
1651 Garnet Avenue 

270-07'" 

Student Center, .... ilding C 
DELMAR: 

10811 Wllblneton Boulevard 
Culver CIty, CA 90230 

1130 Ca"lino del Mar 
481·0164 

(213) 204-0000, ext. 23 

Mond8Y. M-r 22, 1171 

Profs reflect on 
tenure denial ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
evaluation of the Communica-
tions Program . I have suffered 
from guilt by association -
being a Third College faculty 
member in Communications. 
Both are low prestige entities at 
UCSD. 

"It did look like a severe 
restricting of the Communica-
tions Program was in the 
works ... the problem is in 
acknowledl'ing Communica-
tions as a field ... some depart-
ments felt Communications is a 
sub-division of their own field ," 
Real noted. "There is a failure 
to treat the Communications 

me said it had to do with my 
politics (Wright classi£ies 
himself as a Marxist). 

" My being denied tenure ," he 
concluded, "had nothing to do 
with my work. " 

Poli Sci's Bender 
Hired on a temporary basis 

by the Political Science 
Department, Gerald Bender 
was denied a permanent 
position as a professor of 
Comparative Politics . 

Bender, who taught a two 
quarter sequence on South 
Africa, apparently was never 
given any specific. reason why 

triton times 
he was not granted a perma-
nent position . However, Vice· 
chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Paul Saitman stated, "Bender 
was hired on a temporary baSis 
and he was told as such." 

Political Science Depart-
ment Chairman Sanford Lakoff 
and Third C::ollege Provost Joe 
Watson agreed Bender is both 
an outstanding teacher and has 
more than satisfied the 
research requirements for 
tenure . 

"One clear message com-
municated to me," Bender 
said , " is that I've spent too 
much time trying to be a good 
teacher. I will have to .:!arefully 
weigh whether or not J cannot 
afford to further jeopardj.ze my 
career as a teacher by spending 
as much time on teaching as I 
have at UCSD." 

Grant Center gets 
one year funding 

A new student grant center ha b en given funding of $7000 to be 
dispersed among undergraduates for one year by the Chancellor's 
Advisory Committee on Course and Instructional Program 
(CACCIP) . 

The grant program, which outgoing AS President Jeff Leifer has 
named the Student Center for Undergraduate Research and 
Innovation (SC RI) . will be charged with attemptjng to improve 
the quality of undergraduate education . 

Leifer said SCURI is " som thing to get excited about", but 
noted that the grants will not be given to students for regular 
research " like studying rat's eyes" , but rather to those students 
whose projects will benefit the student commuinity as a whole . 

According to Leifer. " This is a chance for the students to take the 
quality of education in their own hands." 

Originally the AS had submitted a proposal to CACCIP formore 
than $10 ,000. $6000 would have been for salaries , $3000 for the 
grants and $1000 for operating expenses. 

Regents refuse ... 
The funding received by SCURI, guaranteed for only one year by 

CACCIP, tota Is $8500 with $7000 to be used for grants and the rest 
for operating expenses . No money was given by CACCIP to salary 
the three students who will run the center. 

According to Leifer, the AS will pick up the salaries of the 
tudent directors to show its "commitment to the program." 

field with respect. And the Ad 
Hoc Committee feels free to use 
people outside of the Communi-
cations field to evaluate me ." 

Wrighting a wrong 
Will Wright , one of a trio of 

Sociology professors denied 
tenure this year (the others are 
Bud Mehan and Anthony 
Ngubo), stated that his case 
epitomizes "the incredible 
incompetence on the part of the 
administration. 

"The tenure process has 
nothing to do with teaching," 
Wright said . "This university is 
not concerned with teaching 
students. The main purpose of 
the University of California is 
to serve the Regents and the 
Regents ' business concerns." 

Wright believes a vendetta 
was created within the Socio-
logy Department against him. 
" I will not cite any individual 
but I have a lot of evidence ... 
some faculty who voted against 

(Continued from page 1) 
students and other groups not 
well represented on the Board 
of Regents about social 
responsibility, and chastized 
Carter for his attitude towards 
students. " There are irrespon-
sible students. there are 
irresponsible adults and there 
are Irresponsible heads of 
major corporations," he said, 
in appa·rent reference to 
Carter's position as chair of the 
board of a major department 
store chain. 

A representative of the UC 
Student Lobby called the vote 
against the council , "A slap in 
the face of students ... (th 
Regents) acted irresponsible 
by refusing to review the social 
impact of their investment 
decisions." 

UC President David Saxon 
expressed disappointment at 
the outcome of the vote but said 
that approval of the council is 
just "a matter of time." The 
Regents agreed after the vote 
to reconsider the item at their 
September meeting. 

The ten Regents who voted in 
favor of the resolution were: 
Gov. Brown. Coblentz, Lieuten· 
ant Governor Mervin Dymally, 
John Henning, Vilma Martinez, 
Verne Orr, Michael Salerno, 
Saxon, Sheinbaum and Yori 
Wada. 

The ten opposing votes were 
cast by Carter, DeWitt Higgs, 
John Lawrence, Joseph Moore. 
Gene Perndergast, Donald 
Reithner, Robert Reynolds, 

~pel"tOC~ 
1rheatre~ 
~ Invitation To The 

Chateau. Directed by Jennifer 
Parent (May 25. 27, 31 and June 2) 

~ Dreal n Play , Di rected by 
Peter Hackett (May 26, 28 and June 1~3) 

U'heatre 
<Jl=U)pm 

TICKETS: $2.00 students. $3.00 general. 
availab'le at UCSD Theatre Ticket 
Office. wee s. Noon - 4:00 pm. 

William Smith. Watkins and 
William Wilson. 

In other action Friday, the 
Regents again voted against 
delaying the implementation of 
the new admissions policy 
scheduled to go into effect in the 
1979-80 school year. The new 
policy. which increases the use 
of standardized tests · 

Regents 
to meet 

SAN FRANCISCO - Regents 
Chair William Coblentz 
acceded to the request of four 
members of the Board of 
Regents Friday and agreed to 
call a special Regents meeting 
for June 18 at Berkeley. 

The request for the special 
meeting was made by Regents 
Michael Salerno, Yori Wada, 
John Henning and Lieutenant 
Governor Mervyn dymally at 
the urging of statewide anti-
apartheid student groups. 

A request from four Regents 
is sufficient cause to hold a 
special Regents meeting and 
Coblentz said he would ask 
Regents secretary Marjorie 
Woolman to set the time and 
place. 

If the center proves successful there is hope that a federal grant 
can be funded to keep it operating in the future , said Leifer. 

Currently at UC Berkeley a nd Davis student run grant centers 
receive funding from the federal government. 

In addition to the $7000 SCURr has to fund projects, the center 
will also provide help for students seeking outside grants. Leifer 
said the center could eventually act as a hub of student innovation 
on campus. The center, he said , will do everything it can to 
stimulate the " innovative bias ." 

Are you tired of taxes sucking you dry to 
the last penny? 

Have you had enough? 

Then yote YES on Proposition 13 

First Time' Ever ... 
University Bookstore 

Coursebook Department 
• 

Inventory Reduction 
SALE 

May 23-May 26 8:00 am to 4:45 pm 
in the Coursebook Department 

south end of store - look for special sign 
University Bookstore 

All books 20% off list price 
Specially marked books 

50% OFF and more 

Please! All sales at these 
reduced prices are final. 



Mo .... -ay 
"Guys and 

Presented in 
Admission: 
Wednesday May 
8 pm. 

, directed by guest director Sabin Epstein. 
theatre form. John Muir Theatre HSS 2250 . 

at the door only. Performances will be held 
thru Saturday June3. All performances will be at 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditati n. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 amoS pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. HL. Free. 

Open 10 amoS pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

lZ noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation . Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

IZ-l pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12 noon-I: 30 pm: Thumb Wrasslin' Contest - open to anyone. Gym 

Steps. Free. Sponsored by Recreational Athletics. 
1%-2 pm, 4 .. pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
lZ-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Revelle: What Can Your Humanities or Social 

Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to discuss options. Please call 452-3490 . 
Revelle Provost Office. 

4 pm: High Energy Physics Seminar - Speaker: Dr. Walter 
Bacino, UCLA. Topic: Tau Heavy Lepton Data from Delco. 
Location: HL 1148. 

4 pm: Theoretical Solid State Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. John 
Quinn, Brown University and UCI. Topic: Electronic Properties of 
Semi-Conducting Surface Inversion Layers. Location: PL 1111. 

4-6 pm: Karate. West Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
4-6 pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Class. Contact Physical 

Education Office for info - 452-4032. Location: South Balcony of the 
Main Gym. 

5-5: 45 pm: Conditoning Workshop. Wrestling Room. 
5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
5:30-7 pm: Belly Dance. West Balcony. 
6 pm-12 midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. We're 

" hear" to listen. Muir Commons. 
7 pm: Gay Students Association farewell party and meeting. Meet 

outside the Women's Center or call EDNA for info. All women a nd 
men welcome. Women's Center, Student Center Complex. Free. 

7 pm: Student film and video projects will be shown. North Conf. 
Room, Student Center. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 
Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

7: 30 pm: Free Film! Casque D'Or , Jaques Becker'S masterpiece. 
A beautifully styled tragic love story set in turn of the century Paris. 
"Its Imagery is Reminicent of Renoir. " Everyone welcome. Free. 
APM 2313 . 

8-11 pm: Israeli Folk Dancing. Instruction 8-9 pm, free dancing 9-11 
pm. Rec. Gym Conference Room. Free. 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. ' 

Tuesday 
6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 

sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free. 

8 am-4 pm: AASA "Open House" - Come and get acquainted with 
us! See the resources available; a video tape, our library on Asian 
American experiences and have some refreshments. Find out about 
Asian Awareness Week May 23-26. AASA Office, Student Center 
Complex. Free. . 

10-12 noon: Job Hunting Workshop - a workshop where you'll learn 
the fundamentals of the job hunt, including resume writing and job 
interview practice. Vice-chancellor's Conference Room, Building B, 
Student Center Complex. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime, Phone: 452-2167. 

12 noon-I pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting fgr 
silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12 noon-l pm" Contraceptive Education Session: Informational 
discussion; all r 1tist attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. 
necessary , loca ~etl in conference room at Student Health Center. 

12-1 pm: Conclitioning. Wrestling Room. 
12-2 pm. 4-6 p n: Gymnastics: South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: Biolcgy-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division t ,iolog II rf f'hemistry courses . USB 4010. 
12: 30-2 pm: Sex Clinic. For indivlduais () Couples seeking 

information or dounseling about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates, 
facilitator . Call Yolanda at x3490 for information and to sign up. 
Revelle Counse i"g Office, at Revelle Provost's Office. 

2 pm: Solid S :ate Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Doug Lowndes, 
University of O'·egon. Topic: Quantum Oscillations: A New Tool Cor 
Spin Resolved :H.-Space Spectroscopy. Location: APM 2250. 

2 pm: Chemical Physics Seminar - Dr. A. Broido. 7104 Urey Hall. 
Postseminar refreshments - Urey Room. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What Can Your Humanities or Social 
ciences Major Do For You? Micha I Hulfachor the H&SS Care r 
dvi or will b availabl to discuss options. Please call 452-3587 . Muir 

Apts. Lounge. 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: What CanYouDoWithYourMajor? An 

informa l discu sion wi th Math, Engin ering and Physical Science 
advisor Maxin Bailey about various care r i ues. Call 452-4390 . 
Third Provost Office . 

bat's On 
A Weekly Guide t() Campus Events 

4 pm: Psychology Department Colloquium. Dr. David Hamilton , 
UCSD, Cognitive Organizational Processes in Impression 
Formation. Room 1110 P&L. 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 
5 pm: Neurosciences Department Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Carl 

Cotman, Department of Psychobiology , UC Irvine. Subject: 
Synaptic Plasticity in the Hippocampus. 2100 BasicScience Building. 

5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
(; pm: Women's Center general meeting. Come and meet some 

interesting people. New members always welcome. Women's 
Center, Student Center Complex. 

6 pm: Union of Jewish Students planning meeting. Everyone come, 
we'll still respect you . Student Organizations meeting room. 

6 pm: Tree Planting. Yom Ha Shoa Service. Student Center. 
6 pm-lZ midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455 . We're 

"hear" to listen. Muir Commons. 
6: 30 pm: UCSD Muir Outing Club - Sam Hinton plays guitar! HL 

Auditorium. 
6: 30 pm: Women in Medicine - group discussion with Sr. UCSD 

women who have been interviewed for medical school this year. 
Refreshments. East Conference Room, Student Center Complex. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 
Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

7: 30 pm: Weekly meeting of Trident Christian Fellowship. 
Everyone welcome. Revelle Formal Lounge. 

8 pm: " Hearts and Minds" - Award-winning film documentary on 
the Viet Nam War. Sponsored by the Asian American Student 
Alliance for Asian Awareness Week. USB 2622 . Free. 

8 pm: Atomic Cafe - Musical forum for composers and 
performers. Recital Hall, Mandeville Center. 

8 pm: Rock-Jazz Concert. The Weirz, a nine-member rock-jazz 
group will appear at the La Paloma Theatre. Admission: $3 .50 
advance, $4 .50 at the door . . 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshements and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

10: 30 pm: Rock-Jazz Concert. The Weirz, a nine-member rock-jazz 
group will appear at the La Paloma Theatre. Admission: $3 .50 
advance, $4 .50 at the door. 

Wednesday 
6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 

sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing . Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free. 

10-11 am or 11 am-12 noon: What Can You Do With Your Major? An 
informal discussion with Math , Engineering and Physical Sciences 
advisor Maxine Bailey about various career isues. Location: Career 
Planning and Placement, Bldg. B, Student Center Complex. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: P age One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

11 am-2 pm: Join in the fun at AASA's Asian Cultural Festival 
featuring singers, dancers , music and food from various Pan·Asian 
cultures; special demonstrations of acupuncture and martial arts! 
Also, informational tables, displays and free helium balloons. 
Revelle Plaza . Free. • 

Noon: UCSD Single Parents Group meets Wednesday from noon to 
1 pm in Revelle Informal Lounge to discuss topics such as "38 gOing 
on 17", sexuality, children in transition, letting go of the past, the 
dating game and single parenting. Bring a sack lunch and join the 
interaction. All faculty , staff, stud nets and community single parents 
are welcome. . 

12 noon: AMES 205 , Seminar No.4, Film Series. Film: " Deep 
Frontier" 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 

12 noon: Emergency meeting for all communication majors. 
Future of the major is at stake. Sponsored by the Communication 
Student Union. MCC 133, Communication Student Lounge. 

Noon-l pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational 
discussion; all must attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. 
necessary, located in conference room, at Student Health Center. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 

12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses . USB 4010. 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What Can You Do With Your Major? An 

informal discussion with Math, Engineering and PhYSical Sciences 
advisor Maxine Bailey about various career issues. Location: Muir 
Apts. Lounge. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Warren: What Can Your Humanities or Social 
Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to discuss options. Location: Warren 
Provost Office. 

3-4 pm: Test Anxiety Reduction Workshop - For students 
. experiencing high anxiety in te t taking situations. Purpo e of tbe 

workshop i to use stress a nd anxiety productively. Self-hypno i will 
be taught during the workshop . Facilitators: Hugh Pates and MU<e 
Henry. Location: Revelle Cou nselor's Office. Free. Call Yolanda at 
x3490 to sign up. 

4 pm: Marine hemistry eminar, Scripp In titution of 
Oc anography . Speak r: Dr . Gorge Jackson , Caltech. Subject: 
" Det rmining the Sludge Assimilation Ca pacity oftheSanla Monica-
San Pedro Basin." 307 Vaughan Aquar-Museum. 

4 pm: Maria Goeppert M 
Edwin E . Salpeter, Cornell 
Interstellar Medium. uV'. Q.,UI! 

4-5 pm: Karate. West 
4-5 pm: Table Tennis. 
4-6 pm: Disabled ", ... u~: .. 

Education Office for info -
Main Gym. 

5 pm: Jazz Dance. West 
5-S: 45 pm: Conditioning 
6 pm: Bicycle MiUIILClldllt, 

gears, brakes, etc. 
6-10 pm: Ballroom "0"".'0::: . 
6 pm-I! midniiht: 

" hear" to listen. Muir 
6: 30 pm: AS Council m .... t,1n 

first meeting of the newly 
Room. 

Lecture. Speaker: Dr. 
c: Energy Cycles in the 

Class. Contact Physical 
Iv ........ v .. . South Balcony of the 

are invited to attend the 
Council. North Conference 

7 pm: Mormons maintain record of the ancestors of the 
American Indians, a remna se of Israel. It 'S a detailed 
abridgment of ancient h •• ,t01-" sealed up and hid up onto the 
Lord to be preserved and the time when the Lord's true 
churclJ would be restored, and power of God unto the 
interpretation thereof. W . this remnant what the Lord 
has done for their fathers a ncing of Jew and Gentile 
that Jesus is the Christ, the , manifesting Himself unto 
all nations. If this is of jnt .. r,,~ _.'om .. to Institute Class . At the 
little white house across the from Tenaya Hall. 

7 pm: Final Exam Prepa Beryl Brown . HL 1330. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is to turn to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Commons, ime. Phone: 452-2167. 
7: 30 pm: "The Case For the Institutional Church." 

Seminar on "What Ch ." University-Community 
Church, 9595 La Jolla 

7: 30 pm: The M - featuring guest speaker 
Warren Furitani from member of the Manzanar 
Committee; also showing sl and video tape of the 
recent JACL prilgrimmage . Presented by AASA . 
International Center. Free. 

8 pm: Sonor - Bernard , UCSD Contemporary 
Music Ensemble. Mandeville 

8 pm: The Middle East. 
Information Minister of the 
Cafeteria. 

8 pm-12 midnight: The 0 
place for students which 0 
refreshments, and activities 
452-3092 (evenings) for upd 
Campus. Free. 

is a comfortable gathering 
entertainment, a variety of 

interaction. Telephone: 
information. 711 Warren 

8: 30-10: 30 pm: Rich 
- and he can sing, too! 
Free. 

UUC-"" acoustic and electric guitar 
k Cafe, 711 Warren College. 

Thursd 
6-7 am: Meditation Center 

sitting meditation . Free. I 
5995 for information. 
Center. 

provides a setting for silent 
nrr.v",,,n , if desired. Call 755-

Meditation office, Student 

9 am-5 pm: Writing 
appoinment call 452-2522 . 

10-11 am or 11 am-I! Can You Do With Your 
Major? An informal d ,Engineering and Physical 
Sciences advisor Maxine DilIlC,.,various career issues. Warren 
Provost Office. 

Open 10 am-S pm: Page place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir f'omrnOl 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

12 noon: NoonConcert- Hall , Mandeville Center. 
12 noon-I pm: Brown bag with UCSD women faculty . 

Today meet Dr. Suzanne Sociology/Communications. 
Women 's Center. Free. 

12 noon-l pm: Dr. Roger tmp-.. .. talk about his research and 
perspectives on Revelle in an ' rown bag lunch session in the 
Revelle Community Center. and coffee will be provided. 
Part of an on-going series Noon Seminars sponsored by 
Revelle Program Board. munity Center, lower Blake 
Hall. Free. 

UCSD provides a setting for 
provided, if desired. Call 

en Meditation office, Student 

Balcony. 
Free walk-in tutoring help for 

courses. USB 4010. 
Your Humanities or Social 

I Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
options. Please call 452-4390. 

- This group for graduate 
ocial concerns . Dan Munoz 

onal information and to ign 
umanities & Social Sciences 

r Bob Nakamuera will pre ent 
" Manzanar" on Japan 

by AASA. North Conference 

6 pm: Advanced Bicycle Maintenance Class. For the slightly 
skilled bike rider/ mechanic - fix your own bike. Bike Shop, the 
Student Center. Free. 

6-9 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for 
lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010 . 

6 pm-12 midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455 . We're 
" hear" to listen. Muir Commons. 

7 pm: Surf Club meeting. APM 2250. 
7 pm: Student film and video projects will be shown. North Conf. 

Room, Student Center. 
7-9 pm: Juggling. Rec. Conf. Room. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
7-10 pm: Fencing. West Balcony. 
8 pm: Geological Sciences Seminar, Scripps Institution of 

Oceanography . Speaker: Dr. Amos Nur, Stanford University. 
Subject: "The Lost Continent of Pacifica? A speculative on the origin 
of continental fragments in the Circum-Pacific and Western 
Pacific." IGPP Conference Room. 

8 pm: Chassidic Lag B'omer. Bon fire at La Jolla Coves- music, 
food, chassidic dancing. 

8 pm: Graduate Repertory Season, including the following 
production: Invitation to the Chateau, directed by Jennifer Parent. 
UCSD Theatre. Admission: Students $2 .00, General $3 .00, available 
at UCSD Theatre Ticket Office, weekdays from noon-4 pm and 
evenings of performance at 7: 15 pm. 

8-10 pm: Lecture: Robert Meeropol from the National Committee 
to reopen the Rosenberg case. Mandeville Center Auditorium. 
Sponsored by University Events . Admission: TBA. 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Phone: 452-
3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

10: 30 pm: Ice Hockey. Mira Mesa House of Ice. 

Friday 
6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 

sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. _ -

9 amoS pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522 . 1254 HL. Free. 

10-11 am or 11 am-12 noon: Revelle: What Can You Do With Your 
Major? An informal discussion with Math, Engineering and Physical 
Sciences advisor Maxine Bailey about various career issues . 
Location: Revelle Provost Office. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

10: 15 am: Ice Skating. Ice Capades Chalet. 
12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 

silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. . . 

12-1 pm: Weight Maintenance Group. This group will use a 
behavior modification approa'!h toward maintaining desired weight. 
It will include re-Iearning of eating patterns , and behaviors 
associated with food and eating will be taught. Sharing of solutions, 
group problem-solving and discussion will go on. 412 Warren 
Campus. Call x3755. Diane Evans, facilitator. . 

12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: GymnastiCS, South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
12: 05 pm: Marine Biology Seminar, Scripps Institution of 

Oceanography. Speaker: Joanne Matsubara, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. Subject: "How well do electric fish electrolocate 
under jamming? The jammable Eigenmannia and the non-
jammable Sternopygus. " 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
4-6 pm: Disabled Students Gymanstics Class. Contact Physical 

Education Office for info - 452-4032 . Location: South Balcony of the 
Main Gym. 

5 pm-midnight: Need a quiet, supportive place to study on FrIday 
nights? Students for Supportive Allopathic Study (SSAS) will open 
Garren Auditorium, BSB 1105, to all UCSD students as a study hall on 
Fridays from 5 pm-12 midnight. All are welcome. BSB n05. 

6 pm-12 midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. We're 
" hear" to listen. Muir Commons. 

6: 30 pm: Oneg Shabat. Potluck dinner. North Conference Room. 
7: 30 pm: Film "Sociobiology: Doing What Comes Naturally", 

followed by speakers from Science for the People on the dangers of 
sociobiology. Sponsored by Groundwork. HL Auditorium. 

7: 30 pm: Alpha Omega Alliance. Lecture on Cosmic Astrology. 
Open to all. Muir Bio Bldg. Room 1103 . Free. 

8 pm: Graduate Repertory Season, including the following 
production: Dream Play , by Stundberg, directed by Peter Hackett. 
UCSD Theatre. Admission: Students $2 .00, General $3 .00 , available 
at UCSD Theatre Ticket Office, weekdays from noon-4 pm, and 
evenings of performance at 7: 15 pm, 

Saturday 
1 pm-12 midnight: Pow Wow - inging, drummer and danc r. 

Food and drink . At th International C nter. Fr e. Spon ored by 
UCSD N tiv Ameri an Student Alliance. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass. University- ommunity Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shore Drive. 

Pee-5 

5 pm-12 midnight: Need a quie~ place to study Saturday .nig~t? 
Students for Supportive AllopathiC Study, a stude t orgaOlzatlOn 
open to a ll CSD students, will op n Garren Auditorium BSB 1105 as 
a study hall on Saturday night . All ar welcome. BSB 1105 . 

8 pm: Graduate Repertory Session - see Thursday May 25 at8 pm 
for details. . 

8-11 pm: RubyMillsar - JazzDance - formerPremiereDanseuse 
of the Inner City Repertory Dance Company . Mandeville 
Auditorium. Admission: $1.00. Sponsored by Drama/Contemporary 
Black Arts Program. 

Sunday 
8: 30 am: Catholic Mass . University-Community Church. 
10 am: Sermon Series on Ephesians continues at Lutheran 

Communion service. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 

10: 30 am: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
12: 03 pm: Episcopall Eucharist. University-Community Church, 

9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
I pm: Center for Psychological Revoluti~n . I.ntroductory video-

discussion programs on a new way to orgamze lIfe. 1529 Hornblend 
Street, Pacific Beach. 273-4673. Free. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass. University-Community C:hurch . . 
6-9 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-m tutormg help for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
6 pm-12 midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455 . We're 

" hear" to listen . Muir Commons. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first plact: to turn to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
8 pm: Gospel Choir. Mandeville Auditorium. 
8 pm: Graduate Repertory Season - see Friday May 26 at 8 pm for 

details. 
8 pm-12 midnight: The Outbac~ Cafe is a co~fortable gat~ering 

place for students which offers mghtly entertamment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

Monday - May 29 
Academic and Administrative Holiday. 
4: 30 pm: Dental Application Process Meetings will be held in the 

Student Center North Conference Room (sponsored by the Predent 
Club) . 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. ., 

6 pm-12 midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455 . We re 
" hear" to listen . Muir Commons. 

Tuesday - May 30 
6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 

sitting meditation . Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. 12~ HL. ~ree . . 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One IS the first place.to turn to for mfo and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation . Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12 noon-I pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational 
discussion; all must attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. 
necessary. located in conference room at Student Health Center. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12-2 pm. 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring belp for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
12:30-2 pm: Sex Clinic. For individuals or couples seeking 

information or counseling about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates , 
facilitator. Call Yolanda at x3490 for information and to sign up. 
Revelle Counseling Office, at Revelle Provost's Office. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What Can Your Humanities or Social 
Sciences Majo;- Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Car~r 
Advisor will be available to discuss options . Please call 452-3587. MUIr 
Apts. Lounge. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: What Can You Do With Your Major? An 
informal discussion with Math, Engineering and Physical Sciences 
advisor Maxine Bailey about various career issues . Call 452-4390, 
Third Provost Office. 

4-5 pm: Karate. orth Balcony. 
5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
4 pm: Chemical Physics Seminar - Dr. Geoffrey Bodenhausen, 

Department of Chemistry, UCSD. Topic: "Two-Dimensional FT 
NMR Spectroscopy." Room 2622 Undergraduate ciences Building. 
Postseminar refreshments Urey Room. 

6 pm-12 midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. We' re 
"hear" to listen. Muir Commons. 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe i a comfortable gathering 
place for student which offer nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evening ) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

To list your activity in the 
campus calendar as w II ~ t f' 
Triton Times' What's On, please 
submit your information to 
EDNA; the Student Information 
Center, by 5 pm on Thursday. 



22. 1171 

ntertalnment 
--------------------------------------------------Record review 

TRB has cross market appeal 

Tom Rob_o. 

News 

Tom Robinson Band (Capitol) 
Tom Robinson Band is one of 

England's hottest new groups, 
and after hearing the TRB 
album it's easy to see why. The 
key could be in the fact that 
they have a cross market 
appeal. 

Their songs are musically 
simple, Bay City Rollers type 
bouncy pop, but don' t let this 

styles . The cuts include the 
TRB ' s British hit " 2-4-6- 8 
Motorway", a lively pop-rocker 
about freeway driving, and 
unlike most Robinson songs 
this one is politically pointless. 
But like all of TRB's songs, "2-
4-6-8" has a strong stomping 
singalong hook that 's very 
simple and catchy. 

fool you because at the same ' The band's militant stance is 
time the tunes and the lyrics exemplified on "Don' t Take No 

~eem to <:o~e from a pr~letar- For An Answer" and "Right On 
lat tradition : they SlOg of Sister " the latter being a 

lib~r~ti~n with a militant powerfui pro-woman's move-
socJallst tmge. ment song. Robinson 's rejuve-

nating'rendition of Bob Dylan's 
" I Shall Be Released" is also on 
the LP. 

The album is representative 
of the group, with a cross 
selection of different musical The most memorable and 

outstanding cut IS "Sing If 
You're Glad To Be Gay. " Even 
putting the controversial 
nature of the lyrics aside, if's 
still a really good song: it's a 
musica l-social commentary 
that works . The band is 
straight, excepting Robinson 
himself who has been a 
headline-making outspoken 
advocate of homosexual rights. 

Robinson is very active 
politically and he uses his songs 
as a rallying point for his liberal 
stance for minority rights. 
Whether Robinson will or can 
continue to introduce his beliefs 
into the pop mainstream 
remains to be seen. 

- Madeline Kletzkin 

------------------------------------------------------------------------Test reviews trying to help but no easy answers ... 
(Continued from page 1) through 15 scale, is 9.62, while testin$ services, and the actual a lottery ticket, you hope you' re for affirmative action is valid 
" not goal oriented" and are those who do take the testfora test questions are not obtain- gOing to win it ," but to but that all admittances must 
compiled vis-a-vis the text- second time, having gone able by him or any Kaplan guarantee success on the test be made from a "qualified 
books . " The MCAT covers through the Kaplan prepara- center personnel. A research would be "educational quack- pool." He feels that the students 
more what you encounter in tion, average a score increase staff of 15 persons in New York, ery." who have a 3.7 and a 3.2 are 
medical school." from7.47t09.D4 . who all have performed The beginning of Kaplan " both qualified but it' s not easy 

According to Kaplan , the Those who prepare for the exceptionally well on the tests Educational Centers was to tell who will be the better 
universities are doing their job, LSAT, required for law school and who are either medical "evolution not revolution ," doctor." Interviews, he says, 
and it is their role to teach, not applications, are said to score school students presently, or in accord inJit to the f ounde r . 
to review. He emphasizes that an average of 640 on an 800 the case of the verbal and math Kaplan admits that he likes "to 
the preparation courses are not maximum scale, with second skill tests are usually law play teacher", and has tutored 
designed to teach students that time improvement averaging school students , condense in all aspects of math and 
which they have not previously 100 ~ints . review material and design 
studied. Kaplan students begin their tests . Kaplan says that they are 

The reluctance of Kaplan review period about eight those who are most familiar 
center personnel to reveal weeks before the test is given, with -the emphases of the 
statistical information can- in a three thrust program of standardized tests . 
cerning the success of course approximately 100 hours . Live 
graduates is based on the class lessons, labs for practice 
premise tha , " We can ' t · tests and tapes, and hOf!1ework 
promise anything," Kaplan assignments comprIse the 
states . Records indicate , curriculum. 
however, that an average score Questions not obtainable 
on the MCAT for those who Kaplan stresses that there is 
have reviewed through the no connection between the 
Kaplan course , on a one preparation centers and the 

~ . 

" We can' t make people do 
better than they can do," states 
Kaplan . He reiterates that 
some people have more ability 
than others and that the course 
is designed to give students 
their best chance. 

Said Kaplan, "When you buy 

Go 
FOR'J'HE GOID 

Wherever your thirst for life 
takes you, make the 

most of every day. 
Go for the Gold. 

The Golden Beer of Danish Kings .. 

science, as well as authoring 15 
review text titles for Barrens 
Educational Series. A test 

.preparation center was 
established first in New York, 
and when students began flying 
to New York fo.r the so le 
purpose of taking the course, 
Kaplan began his M.lVe to 
expansion. 

Many students qualified 
Bakkl! is a favorite subject of 

Kaplan, v. 00 feels that the basis 

ERACUO ZEPEDA 
II~ Mexican Writer, 

Actar, Director - 3 appurances 
T...-.,. Illy 23, 4l1li II. 1402: 

"(IT"'~"llca" 
w....y. IIay 24, 4 pill II. 1402: 
I'IwIIU1iIn ", "1l1li ........ " lice", ... 
===llIIy ~ Hlrldie lItfIN . ... plays lie 

• III • ., PIIidIo WII In l1li film. 
TIIIndIy. IIay 25, 4 JIll HSS 1121: 

"u UWIIIiII .... _ .. "llco· 

COME AND MEET HIM 

should be taken into account, 
and it should be considered 
where a minori ty would be 
willing to practice medicine , 
because of the need for "ghetto 
medicine. " 

"We don' t want to create an 
image where black means 
unequal, because it just isn't 
so," stated Kaplan. 

For the 10,000 test prepara-
tion stude~s each year, I\aplan 
means not only equaling, but 
surpassing " qualified" status. 
The key to test success? Kapla n 
says , " Practice, practice , 
practi ce . Review , review, 
review." 

Preplan" Need Helpl 
M.ke a dedliOll 10'" You 

and Your any ca.lve widI. 
Free Counselills and Aid ' 
Pr<H.,fe L ... "e HOTLINE 56HIfI 

Want a Worthwhile Job? 

3 part-time positions available 
at 

Student Grant/ 
Innovation Center 

• Director 
• Project Coordinator 
• Grants Developer 

One Year Positions starting Sept. 1978 
Approx. $4.80/hour 

Apply at Student Employment 
----

Monday. Mar 22. 1171 
triton times 

Classifieds 
------------------------------------------Personals travel TYPlnl - Manlyn ...... Id Ilk to fulfili your IYPonll ne .. - expert. r asonable . hal I BlII Call 2711-41721 

C IEE .announce. new , approved ONE· WA ('") 
NUDE rock dunce/ party May2. Live band. He.ltd HARTERS' Confirmed oeaUcan ..... be booked 10 
pool 223·91611 J5I%il1 Paris. Amst. rdam. Zurich' Price. belln al p~ TYPloe-e ~rie , lN"d. reh""blt· rrason Dbt ) IBM 

Correcting Seledrl(.' (' ... Ii ~n\ lime 455·(1121 Mn 
OIdo 16/91 

JAZZ AT tlCSD .. The Side Door is pleaoed La 
present Tioe Mike R .... QU&r"'lln concert for free. 
SundaY. May 21 ot 900 pm If yoo lik. ,ood mu,ic. 
don 't milS thJS evenl . 

Sludelt film a nd "Ideo proJectl will be hown Mon 
and Pri at the Student Center Conr. Room 7: 00 

SUEY C: CuUe. beauty . honey bunny. s weel. lun. 
funny. "Y , unique (love ),00 . J 

Give UI a call. we 'll give you a listen. FVCUS 
Helpline ~2-«55 6·12 pm nilhlly 
So you say lhere lln'tf!noulh todoarou~ Muir, a~ 
thot if. ull academic •. no fun. JOin the Ml.nr 
Proltam Boa rd and Ii'" yourself a }lItl 
Applications in the Muir Rtsideat Halls OftlC .. 'e to 
May 21. 

The Muir Pro,ram Board neeM you! I I Apply 
lMouCh Muir R .. ident Hall. om"" to May 2e 

for sale" 
Motorcycle 15 Honda CB 360 exc\. cond, new 
Dunlop tires. Wixom Fairilll, luu:a,e rack . box , 
must .sell $625 Diane 291-8690 l5/ 22 ) 

67 Voh'o 1225,000 cond o Rebuilt engine at <60 ,000. 
SlOG Dan Hurwitz 225-1367 (5124) 

Graldul Deud Heket UCSB June 4 Ca ll Pel.er 411· 
16 13 15/ 221 

E.cellent condluon 197& Subaru OL ~ speed, 25000 
ml .. radial • • 35 mp,. _n.,otlable Ce ll 753·1151 
Kim or Ben (5 / 22 ) 

Clean ' ''''Ieboon! OJ 's Tracers Logan Boon! 40t 
4II.QOO Geor, • . 151221 

AR turntable m?del XA . 8aseanddul tcover Shure 
.hl.lrack carlrid,e. 150 . Neil . 53·710S 15 / 261 

Campl ... l. pack 125' Good cood. padded hip. 
shCMIldor .. r.p .. ylondp ...... tlCcsTlm%7. · .. IUSS· 
0071 111241 

free: Adorable male kitten to IoYina hOme. Call 
Robin '54-_ . 

Scuba ,ear: ladies sm wet suit brand new. $20.00 ' 
c.Ii ~2.-n 

69 Saab 91 new lire., run pod. Recent valve Job 
. nd rebuilt trallllnllSlon. sm. 4.13-«122 Neil (511<1 

. .. , 

PRECISION CunlNG 
SKINCARE 

JULLIET MANICURING 

A complete 
Redken Salon 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
Right by 

La Jolla Village Inn 
455-0680 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
*LOWCOST 
*CONFIDENTIAl 

*STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

BJrth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

from San francisco/1M Anlel" , 11M from New 
York fl~lnl round·.rip the pnce IDe I down when 
you combt any two CIEE tlIehtl thOL IUIt your 
loCl\edule' Select your own route l Come e \II at TVPING I IBM lectrl(.. te nn pa. 'r". Iheses, PhD 
CI EE Studenl trovel SeN I"", llCSD Student du.,rtatlol\Jl edllinll. HUSH JOS, 453 __ S4iQ. 
Center _3 La Jolla . CAI2I193 "''' 452·\1&30 Opon '111 . 2116-4931\ 0'2.1'" 16/91 
weekday. fror- ".. ' ":;;" 

housing 
2 roommate. F wanted Playmor Condo.1 near 

CS D. Own room Pool. Cali Sandy '$9·707'J •• riy 
a m or e"e (8/ 2) 

Summer rental , sln,le and double rooms ~ Del 
Ma r , 1 block Croom the beach. " 1120·1150. Available 
June 21, possibility o( year lease. Call 75&-74fM a nd 
.. k lor Andre,. or Colin (TSA I 
Roomilte needed 197'~79 acad yr., rum duplex , I" 
blk (rom bead) in Del Mar '1$O. caH Tim xll99, 155· 
7130 151221 

Have to move out o( your beauUlul Del Mar apt this 
tiummer" Come U"'e in mine ' 15O"/ mo I bill rnn 
beach. Call Sara i,lt 4l1 .. JIO mormn, • . Keep try-Int. 

t~/ :II1 

Need someone to s ha re 2 bedroom apartment. S, 
Cla iremont - 5 min. to beach. I l2S/ mth .. utilities 
%7l· 1079 (5 /221 

wantea 
Summer Money. We buy your used colleaetexts for 
CDsh . California Book, aero .. tbeJlreet rrom SDSU 

t~/2" 
VACATION WITHOUT MONEV is • vacallon 
without run, Ha"'e lun E8m the extra money )'OU 
need by working. lew hours a day. PhoM 2t1 ·~ 
eveninls ror a ppointment. No phone interviews . 
(5/ 2e1 

Pr~grammers: Experie~ . knowled,e of C and 
UN IX pref.rred . SS.12/hr. ",pplySEO.Job ... 7111" 
762 1~1221 

I found lhe flu powder but I am sUIi lookin, lor Illn 
dNm - Call O.kar 294·3289 c . .. loday (5 /221 

Wanted: one a udience rormaeici.m show on May25 
ut a lei pm. Reve lle Cafeteria . Show will be rollowed 
by a dance ", ith rerreshmentl heine servced and if. 
all fr.e' C ompliments 01 RHPA ($ / 24 1 

services 
Typlnl . experienced. the.1I • dillenaCions, 
reasonilble rates, quality auaranteed. Call Cindy 
270·ZZ3C! (6/21 

PROF"ES IONAL TYPI NG . r ••• onab le r a les 
Villa Ie Secretariat. 1205 PrOlpe(:l no 250, La. J olla 
454-63 16 ITJI4l 
NEED A TYPIST' Reasonable rate. . experienced 
Call aller 12 30 . Kalh le 276 · U99 (8 / 91 
Proreulonal Tn.tn, Re8lonable Rates IB~ 
Corre<'t ing Select.rt~ Ca ll ror Free Estimate . G~u l 
431 ·7540 16/91 

M ... they t at war against thee 
shall be as nothing, and as a thing 
of nought. For I the Lord thy 
God will hold thy right hand , 
saying unto thee. Fear not; I will 
help thee ." Isaiah . 
Christian Science is based on the 
Bible and Science and Health 
with Key to the Scriptures by 
Mary Baku Eddy. Campus 
Counselors at UCSD art Paul 
and Anne Homund. Call 453-
5217 for an appointment or 
telephone visit. 

~* •• **** •• *.*************.*******.***.***.****.*~ 
-II . ... 
« « ! SAM HINTON ~ 
-II -II 

~ and t~e' i 
« -II 

i UCSD OUTING CLUB i 
« -II 
-II • 
-II • 
-II • 
... ... 

« ... 
... . 
-II • 
• • 
· ... 
· ... .- . 
-II • 

• -II « -II 
-II • 
« • 
« • 
« • 
« • i invite you to an evening of. i 
! musical entertainment i 
... ... 

... -II 

... ... i Tuesday, May 23, 6:30 pm i 
: HL Auditorium FREE : 
... -II 
... . 
-II ... 
'**.***** •• * •• *********.**********.*********.***~ 

Pege7 

UC San Diego University Events Office presents 8 lecture 

THE CASE OF ETHEL 
AND 

JULIUS ROSENBERG 
by Robert (Rosenberg) Meeropol 

"History will record ... that we were victims 
of the most monstrous frame-up 

of our country." 
Ethel and Julius Rosenberg, June 1953 

May 25, Thursday, 8:00 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Stu. $1.00 
G.A •. $2.00 

UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

LAST CHANCE!! 
. I 

To Enroll in the Intensive 
Summer Language 

Program in Paris, France 
through the 

UCSD Summer Session 

Here is an unusually unique opportunity to 
become proficient in French~ live an~ tra~el 
abroad, while receiving 12 umts of Umverslty 
credit. Students will study at the UCSD 
campus from June 19 to June 30 and then 
Paris, France July 8 for five weeks of study 
returning to California August 12. The total 
costs for room, breakfast, cultural activities 
and tuition for 12 units is 51,150. Charter 
flights are estimated at 5500 . 

There are a few seat still available. To 
enroll .nd register and for further 
information contact the 'ummer 'e sion 
Office im~ediately (106 Admini tr.ative 
Complex), Q-028, UC an Diego, La Jolla, 
CA 92093 (714) 452-4364. 



• 
ATTENTION 

All ience and Technology 
udents enrolled in 

Science & Technology 12AL 
This is ,\ ! unit laboratory class not a 4 unit course as 

listed in the Fall Quarter 1978, Schedule of Classes. 
AUention Third College Students: Important change 

in the Fall Quarter schedule of Science and Technology 
12A (Chemistry) . 

Time: 1: 00-1: 50, Mon., Wed. , Fri. 
Room: TLH 107 

@3;;4'00 AND WOLF. RISSMILLER CONCERTS PRESENT .. 

SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

At DiAeola 
SATURDAY MAY 27 

SAN DIEGO CIVIC THEATER 
All seats reserved, $ 6.50. 5.50. 

Tickets available at Center Box Office. 202 "C" St .. all 
Select-A-Seat outlets and Son Diego County 

Bill Gamble's Stores. 
Information: (714) 236-6510 

PRODUCED BY WOLF & RISSMILLER CONCERTS 

DeVILLI 
RICK 
LOWI 

WI!. 
BOCKPILB 

WEDNESDAY, 
MAY 31 

San Diego Civic 
Theatre 

seats reserved. $ 6.50, 5. 
Tickels available at Center 
Box Office. 202 "c" St., aU 
Select-A·Seat outlels and 

Son Diego County 
Bill Gamble's Stores. 

Information: (714) 236-6510 
f'ROUlH I U flY 

WOl' 1\. RI~<>Mlll I , .. t (IN( I H ) 

Monct.y, M8Y 22, 1171 

Day care ... 
(ConUnued from pale 1) 

Serena Layon, one of the day care supporters from UCSD, said, 
"Of course, we are not totally satisfied with the outcome of the 
meeting but we are confident on what Chancellor McElroy said 
that the charges will be dropped. The meeting was heated but 
productive. We were able to make substantial gains in our 
discussion with the Chancellor." 

The Student Lobby and Lieutenant Governor Dymally's office 
are working on a conference on child care that will include 
representatives from every UC campus, the California State 
Assembly, the Senate Budget Committee, the Assembly Human 
Resources Committee and the State Child Care Coordinating 
Council. 

"We must insure that quality child care is a permanently 
funded, viable item in UC's budget," said Peg McCormack, 
Dymally's education advisor. 

McElroy's solutions 
In an interview with the Triton Times last week, McElroy said 

the cost of th~ day care center should be funded by financial aid, 
CET A (a federal grant) and parent fees . Registration Fees should 
not be used, he added. 

McElroy indicated the costs of the center must b lowered and 
that the center should expand to be able to accommodate about 70 
children. Currently the center serves 32, the maximum number 
allowed by the Fire Marshall to occupy the building. 

Expanding the capacity to 70 children would probably require a 
new building or an addition to the existing structure, aid 
McElroy. 

To fund the construction, McElroy uggested the students could 
borrow the money and pay it back over a ten or fifteen year period. 

McElroy said be intends to keep the center open, but at a more 
reasonable price. The per child co t of $4000 that McElroy named 
was, according to him, too high . 

Rosenberg's son here 
The son of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, who were electrocuted in 

1953 for allegedly conspiring to steal the secret of the Atomic Bomb 
for the Soviet Union, will talk about the events surrounding hi 
parents' deaths here Thursday night. 

Robert Meeropol (Rosenberg) is scheduled to talk in the 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8: 00 pm, in a lecture titled, "The Ca e of 
Ethel and Julius Rosenberg." Tickets for the talk, which is 
sponsored by University Events, are $1.00 for UCSD students and 
$2.00 for general admission. 

Ever since the Rosenbergs, along with Morton Sobell, were 
convicted of the espionage charges in 1951 their case has become a 
cause celebre for American liberals , who have called it a modern 
version of the Sacco and Vanzetti case of the 1920s. 

Discover the unique taste of San Miguel Cerveza Negra. 
Smoother because it's naturally brewed. Richer and 
darker because we roast the malt. 
Have a San Miguel Beer. And let it be dark. 


