
7 
~ 

e 

VoIuIM 33, Number 13 

Free Triton 
and Tanana 
fight back 

by AIaD Ruuen 
Edi&or 

Tom Tanana is now an 
evicted tenant. 

Tanana , a UCSD senior , 
known for his conservative! 
libe rtarian activities on 
ca mpus, and founder and 
editor-in-chief of the Free 
Triton, was denied further use 
of Student Center space for his 
pu blication by the Student 
Center Board. 

uc Su Diego M0nd8y, Feb,.,.ry 8, 1171 

Third asks 
for name 
preference 

by Laura A. Richter 
News Editor 

Martin Luther King, Fred-
erick Douglass or, an old fav-
orite , Third . 

After three year 0 delibera-
tion and polling of the tudents , 
(acuity and staCf, the Third 
College Council plans to end 
out a preference ballot in two to 
three weeks to the Third 

I College community a king I their choice of the above 
a names , which have been 

expressed as popular in I surveys taken during the Fall 
I: quarter. 

This action came in the wake 
of the decision by Associated 
Students (AS) Commissioner of 
Communications David Eisen 
to not allow housing for the 
Free Triton in the media 
center. 

Tanana believes the decision 
was " politically motivated," 
sa ying that " not a single 
conservative or libertarian 
group got either funding or 
space by the AS." 

ALMOST EVERYTHING WENT ..... Sataray u Argo U entered the winner'. circle in the 
.. cond aana" Revelle CoUege'. Alm ... t Anything Goe. Day. Argo V came in second in the 
competition which included unlikely eveat •• uch a. a Banana Eating Conte t , an Olympic 
Obetacle Course and a Tug of War competition featured above. 

A final ballot will then be 
distributed for a vote on the top 
two selections. ID numbers and 
signatures will be required to 
insure that the responses are 

Not legally enforceable 
" It was all liberal or radical 

organizations that received 
s pace and money ," said 
Ta nana , citing the Young 
Socialist Allia nce, the Proges-

No Smoking directive limited 
by Bill Evans 
Stalf Writer 

classroom and left the responsi-
bility of enforcing it to the 
instructor in charge." ive Coalition, MECHA, Voz 

Fro nte r iz a a nd the New 
Indicator " as some of those in 
that category." 

According to UCSD officials, 
the " No Smoking" directive 
sent out by Chancellor McElroy 
to the Academic Instructional 

Lillie enforcement 
Commenting on the unenfor-

ceabilitiy of the directive, Al 
Rea, E Dllironmeatal lth 
and Safety Officer, said, " The 
'No Smoking' directive was 
issued on a self-policing basis. 
It was left entirely up to the 
'instructor in charge as to how 
they wanted to interpret it. " He 
continued to say that " In no 
w ay, t hough , is it legally 
enforceable . It is neither code 
nor law. There was no one 
assigned to go around policing 
the classrooms for smoking 
violations. " 

AS trying to control Media 
Tanana further charged the 

AS with " systematically trying 
to control the media," saying 
that many campus newspapers 
are having " difficulties with 
them. 

taff in December of 1976, is 
having some success, despite 
its unenforceability in eliminat-
ing in-class room smoking. 

" On a national and local scale 
the onl y t hing tha t ke eps 
government honest is a free 
press," said Tanana. " Eisen 
and t he AS are intent on 
controlling the campus press." 

Eisen views the situation in a 
di fferent light saying, " I've not 

(Please turn to page 3) 

Assistant Vice-cha ncellor 
Ha rold Temmer, in a recent 
interview, said, "The impetus 
for the 'No Smoking' di rective 
came mainly from the Muir 
College Council who, acting 
upon complaints received from 
non-smoking students, recom-
mended that some action be 
taken to end in -cl ass room 
smoking. The directive itself 
merely called for the posting of 
'No Smoking' signs in every 

In Assistant Vice-chancellor 
Temmer 's opinion, before the 
" No Smoking" directive was 

New "fai~ use" copyright law 
allows limited reproduction 

by Joaquin Behindu 
Staff Writer 

A new copyright law went into effect Jan. I , 
br inging the old law into parity with 
international standards as well as introducing 
the " fair use doctrine" for the first time. 

Three modifications were made to the old 
law that have broad applications in scholarly 
fi elds . The first alteration changes the 
duration of the copyright from a 56 year 
maximum (two 28 year terms) to the life of the 
a uthor plus 50 years. 

Instead of a dual system of protection of 
published and unpublished material, the new 
law extends the federal copyright law to cover 
unpublished material. 

The third change introduces the " fair use 
doctrine" which allows the copying of a limited 
a mount of material without permission of, or 
payment to, the copyright owner. 

" Fair use " could he ambiguous , and 
t herefore several guidelines have been 
initiated that clearly delineate its boundaries . 
Single and multiple copies may be made if the 
a mount of time avafiabie to an instructor for 
maximum teaching effectiveness prohibits 
any request for permission from the author." 
If such is the case, one may onfy extract 
POrtions of whole works. 

For poetry the copying limit is 250 words. 
For poems that are lell than 250 words, only 
two pages may be copied (If the poem covers 
more than two pages) . 

Any article, euay or story that is leu than 
2,500 words may be copied in its entirety. For 
pro.e the limit is 1,000 word. or 10 percent of 

the work, whichever is least. 
For special works - children's books, for 

example - that combine illustration or poetry 
with prose, no more than two pages may be 
reproduced. To protect those who make graphs 
and charts for a living only one chart, 
illustration or graph may be copied. 

To accommodate the new law and its uses -
as well as its abuses- the UCSD libraries have 
formulated various compliance procedures, 
accordini to librarians. Single and miltiple 
copies of materia l will be placed on reserve 
with the understanding that the copies comply 
with the new federal standards. The libraries 
will also make copies upon request with the 
same understanding and will attach a notice 
stating that the reproduced material is 
-copyrighted. 

Interlibrary loans (ILL) will be monitored 
as will reprodu c tions that ·might replace 
demaged or deteriorating material. Patrons 
requesting copies through the ILL must sign a 
notice that explains the limits and 
consequences of photocopying material. 

With respect to research , the material 
copied is not to be " used for any purpose other 
than private study, scholarship, or research . 
In the fields of teaching, photocopied material 
is not meant to replace anthologies or other 
books. Copies are meant to be employed when 
the use of the work and a reply to a request for 
permision are so timed that " maximum 
teaching effectiveness" is impaired. 

given, " peer pressure from the 
non-smoking students helped to 
curb smoking in the classroom; 
but, now that there are 'No 
Smoking' signs posted in every 
classroom, both the instructors 
and the !lOn- moking tu<lents 
have something to point to as 
levera ge i n indu cing the 
s m okers to refrai n from 
polluting the air. II 

-Dr. James White, Superin-
tendent in P .E . feltthat the " No 
Smoking" directive was " an 
appropriate health measure ." 
Having done much research in 
the field of the secondary 
effects of cigarette smoke upon 
non-smokers, Dr. White feels 
that "a non-smoking student 
has to breathe clean air; but a 
smoking student does not have 
to reduce his withdrawals in a 
classroom, by lighting up a 
ciga rette, at the expense of the 
non-smokers. " 

Said Whi te , " Tests have 
shown that 10 percent of the 
popu lation are not j u st 
annoyed, but severly affected 
by the presence of cigarette 
smoke in a room. Those with 
allergies, asthma and other 
bronchial compli ca tions a re 
not only inconven ienced by 
being in a smoke-filled room, 
but a re actually endangering 
their health." . 

Dr. White suggested that " if a 
student feels that his/ her riJht 
to breathe clean air is beIDg 
violated in a classroom and the 
instructor does nothing about 
it, (s) h e h o u l d write a 
cofnplaint to the chairperson of 
the department in which the 
class was held." He felt that 
" this kind of ac tion should 
bring suffi cient pressure to 
be a r on the instru c tor to 
enforce the " No Smoking" 
directive in the classroom." 

Mr. Rea, commenting on the 
situation as it now stands in the 
classroom regarding smoking 
said. " As far as I can see, the 
dire c tive has been very 
effective , In the last six 
months, I haven't beard of a 
single complaint as to 'Why 
weren 't we doing anything to 
stop people from smoking in the 
classrooms ?' So ," he con-
tinued, " if this is any indicator, 
the directive is having some 
succeu." 

legitimate in both upcoming 
ballots. 

A history 
" It is important that the 

name reflect the history of the 
college, " said Provost Joe 
Watson . " A large number of 
people, both minority and non-
minority, have struggled for 
the college." He felt that the 
name should repre ent a place 
where critical analysis of 
is ue ~ r he-
service to the disadvantaged is 
emphasized. 

Dean Bev Varga poke of the 
difficulty of name election. 

Beverly Varga 
" You have to think of the reper-
cu sions ." Walt Di ney Col-
lege had been ugge ted, she 
said . but they knew that it 
would lead to " Mickey Mou e" 
joke . 

Varga said that he ' 
" leaning toward Third " 
because of the meaning it has 
taken on for those per on who 
have been at Third College 
since its inception. " There i 
more trength in being together 
than being apart. That ' what 
Third i all about. " 

Selection " ina ppropriate" 
" If I think we have be n 

tremendou ly con cientiou 
(Plea e turn to page 3) 

Valentine's Day 
Personals 

'Ibto Triton Times is once 
ag" in a ccepting Va le ntine 
Penonals at a specia l rate. 
Today through Thunday of tIWI 

. will ICCeRting 
personalS trom 1 am to 3 pm. 
For only 1M, send a meuage to 
the one you love. 

Only limited . p a to i 
available, 10 get yours in early 
or you may be left out. 



rifuq~mes 
~ editoriaII (thoIe·~ in boId·faced type on the left side of 
the opinion pag.) repraent a J'NIjority opinion of the Triton Tunes 
Ecitllrial Board, which is composed of Editor Alan RuueII, Senior editor 
~k Stadler. Managing editor Ran Anbar, News editor Laura Richter, 
Aadate News editors Andy Schneider and Reed Alpert and Aaaistant 
Managing' editor ~indy Heffron. AD signed material and ~k 
repraenb the author's or artist's opinion, and does not necessarily 
reftect tIw IIiewI of tIw Trikln Tmes. 

CIA ad explained r ·rb·" ~pecu Jar equl 1 Dum Myth of female inferiority discussed 
Editor: 

Today tile TrUOD Times is I'UlUliaI an ad purcbued by ~ Humans are a peculiar species 01 
eea&raJ ID&eUlleaee Aleacy. animal. Tbey are always unpredic. 

.. tile PH' dill ae ..... per hu rehlsed 10 raa adverUlemea&s by table and yet in their unpredictabt-. 
&he CIA aad Gallo WiDe OD &be IJ'OUIICh lllat "we wanted .. avoid lity one can discern a very real 
upaeUiaI ov readen, and &he iDevi&able coDwoveny daa' woaJd sense of probability. Havine 
foUow." The editorial, repretelldJIl &he TriIOll Times' view railroaded Richard Nixon ignom· 

) pIaJ_ ....... - ... - fusaI "be Gall WI inously out of office it was not (Sprlacquar&er,lt'7t ,eI _ ..... t...."re 0 0 De surprising that the American 
ad l'eprHellted a .&ale ID an evolviDl TritoD TImes adverUslDl people would elect as his successor 
poDey. a Georgian deadbeat like Jimmy If aD ad will erea&e lu"'&88dal anler or diseomfon ID &be Carter. 
eommaal&y, we won't ruB 1&, we l&ated at &Ite dme, beeaule, "if &be Even less surprising, though, was 
value we derive from adverUIIDg Is depleted by &be effort to the fact that Carter would brandish 
defend our priDda, of 1& to an angry eommuDUy, we won't bave the crown of the American 
dOlle any lood." presidency less as a symbol of 

The mOl' important polDt, eoDcluded &be editorial, is &bat "we righteous and honorable democ· 
will endeavor to keep poIideal exchanges ID &be editorial balf of the racy and more as the stigmata of 
pafbr, Dot tbe busiDetl ball, wbere you Deed mOlleY to veDture." the perennial disgrace and 

be Triton Times bas cbanaed its -ilion. It's not a matter of hypocrisy of American politics. 
• ..... ~ Thus in the absurdity of our beiDlindecilive.BelnlastudeDt-ruDDewspaperwesufferalarge existence we attain an almost 

staff turnover eaeb year. ODly one persoD from 1976's editorial admirable degree of consistency. 
board remains OD tbe paper today. With this in mind it was not 

This year's edllOriaJ board bas reevaluated tbe question. The surprising to read that day after 
cbolce was Dot an easy ODe - we were sharply divided and the day and month after month , despite 
issue was botly contested - but the argumeDts of &bose wbo were an almost herculean expenditure of 

I b i energy by the proponents of the lor rUDniDI the advertisement inc uded sue po DlI as: passage of the ERA, no sooner had 
CENSORSHIP - By Dot running tbe ad we would be selectively they began to catch a glJmpse of the 

discrimiDating against our advertisers. Though we cannot agree, light at the end of the tunnel than 
or endorse, certain past nefarious CIA activities, we bave Dot this light was quickly extinguished 
disallowed advertisemeDts in tbe past because of their and the door was slammed shut. It 
purchaser's affiliatioDs. A case in point is the CommuDist Party is a strange predicament. It 
advertisemeDt wbicb ran last year, and eveD some of tbe more appears as if its passage will be 
"sexist" ads we have run &bis year. a long, uphill struggle. 

W h d d . pi' fn ted . Why has it met with such little e ave an 0 accept opposing 0 nlons ... ones presen In success? Has fate destined it to 
our ads and. publisb these in tbe Letters to the Editor sectiOD. simmer forever in a kind of 
Gladly. aggravated limbo? The fact is that 

DENtAL OF INFORMATION - By DOt running tbead we would no one really knows for sure. It is 
be remiss in DOt giving job opportunity information to those not even a very controversial bill . 
students who migbt be interested in working for the CIA. As a group of women have every 

OFFENSIVE AD? We still agree tbat if an ad is offensive to a thing to gain and nothing to 100 e. 
large portion of the readership it sbould not be run. But we do not Or so it appears. 
perceive tbe CIA advertisemeDt as belonging in this category. For out of this imbroglio emerges 

what is perhaps the most dangerous We are currently in tbe process of establishing advertiSing and heinous wave of activists that 
guidelines which will determine which ads should not be allowed to exist today : the ha rd . boiled , 
run in tbe Triton Times. . staunch, God-fearing American 

We would like to hear what you tbink. Tbe guidelines we come up housewife. No group has ever been 
with will influence what you'll read. 

Fourth largest maW. 

as revolting in our nlstory 81 the managed to scale the Impenetrable 
ones who take up the banner of barrier she found that. yea, thlnes 
moral inte,rity in a fllht for what had certainly changed - but had 
they call the "American Way of they improved? Had the quality of 
Life ." There is nothing more her life, taken 81 a whOle, really 
damaging to a cause than inner improved as a function of her new 
discontent and turmoil, especially status? 
when the disgruntled faction As a group men are a broody and 
becomes as well organized as are boring lot. Women are probably not 
the housewives. Whether these so- m.uch different. Concemin, status, 
called palla dins of conservatism it matters very little in the lone run 
and moral integrity have been on which side of the fence you 
instrumental in the continual roamed. For we all wallow in the 
defeat of the ERA amendment is same muck of amibition, hope and 
hard to determine. It is clear, . desire and are faced daily with the 
though, that as supposed "think- same dreary prospects for ~he I 
ing" beings we fall disasterously future. Is there any way out oHhls? 
short of our potential and our Despite the frustration over the 
history shows vividly that if we can non·passage of the ERA some 
be proud of anything it is that we women are enjoying the fruits of a 
were able to do so little harm with peculiar equilibrium which exists 
so vast a resource of idiots and today where room must he made 
morons. for them into an environment which 

It is indicative of our system of is predominantly male. We, as justice that so much trouble is males, are having a hard time of it 
created in trying to pass an trying to adapt to this curious 
amendment to the Constitution influx. We are not equipped to deal 
whichsimplydemandsthatwomen with them . Quotas are being 
be given as much of a chance to establis~andwearebeingforced 
make fools out of themselves as to make room. 
men. The fact thatit isnotpassedis But there is always more to 
probably more frustrating than it is equilibrium than meets the eye. 
shocking. Having to prove yourself Women are coming to understand 
is a degrading and an exasperating that as a minority their single most 
experience. But if the amendment powerful weapon is the precise and 
is passed, as I am confident it will, careful exploitation of their own 
what will happen then ? inferiority. As long as the myth of 

It is a curious problem. As a so· femljle inferiority is perpetuated 
called minority women must see the more drastic the need to adopt 
themselves as something less (in a measures which will dispel with 
power sense) compared to the this notion. If she can establish 
established male regime. Yet the guidelines by which she maintains 
social hierarchy hitherto has been her minority status the more she 
more akin to a high wall which forces non-minority people in 
separates male from female. Each power to pass measures which 
sex had their peculiar function and attempt to raise her status but 
specific tasks in life and these were which fail to assimilate her into the 
performed without scaling the wall hierarchy. Thus she is able to milk 
and flopping into the ranks of the the system in both arenas. Cries of 
other. Yet much to the chagrin of " I am Woman" will reverherateon 
the enterprising female who had and on, ad infinitum. 

(Please turn to page 8) 

Communications stUdents answer CEP 
Editor: 

Liberation 
discussed 
tonight The members of the Communications Student Union have reviewed the Academic Senate's Committee on Educational Policy (CEP) , subcommittee report on the Communications Program. In order to 

participate and cooperate with the evaluation and improvement of our 
program, we submit the following response to the CEP report. 

We agree with the findings of the committee regarding the strengths 
and problems of the Communications Program. As mentioned in the 
report, the energy and dedication of the faculty is "perhaps the 
program's greatest strength" (pg. 2) . We are pleased that, through 
their examination of grades and SAT scores, the committee was able to 
refute many charges of "academic flabbiness" (pg . 5) .. However, we 
feel that the problems facing the Communications Program, such as: 
the unweighted student·faculty ratio of 81 .5 to 1; • 'the loose technique" 
(pg. 10) of cross· listing Communications classes: the limited number of 
course offerings; and the program's "lack of focus" (pg. 7), all stem 
directly (rom "opposition to the program's growth by other social 
science departments and administrators" (pg. 4) . 

During the course of its investigation, the committee distributed a 
questionaire to Communications majors. The Communications Student 
Union and members of the Communications Senior Seminar, feeling the 
questionaire did not address the underlying causes of the program's 
problems, developed a unified reply. More than 80 of these signed 
responses were delivered to Dr. Parrish. We regret that the committee 
regarded this as a "plaMed lack of cooperation" (pg. 2) . 

TIle report maintains that an examination of the history of the 
Chmmunications program would not be useful in analysing current 
di fficulties. We believe that our historical experience, in addition to 
bf-irrg a very difficult struBle, does "provide a useful blueprint for 
future deci,ions about the pro,ram" (Pi. 4) .. 

~~~, p ~ 

., ••••• " •• " ••••••••••••••••••• ".1 ••• I 

We endorse the committee's recommendations for the Improvement 
and expansion of the program. The addition of three new, permanent 
FTE, two at the senior, professional level , is a first step that will relieve 
overcrowding and broaden the scope of the program. However, we feel 
that limiting these added FTE's to jOint-appointments will not achieve 
these goals. Joint-appointments have not worked well in,the past. There 
is currently one FTE position that remains in limbo due to the 
complexity of hiring joint-appointments. So, while it is an admirable 
step, realistically speaking, we do not believe that hiring joint. 
appointments whose main interests lie in the field of Communications 
would be able to devote all their energies to the Communications 
Department. 

In addition to the committee'. recommendations, we propose the 
following: the establishment of a Communications Department and full 
graduate program, the hiring of enough Communications faculty 
within the areas cited by the report to achieve a realistic student-
faculty ratio; equitable funding for the fourth largest major at UCSD; 
and. return of the co.rol of the Media Center to the Communications 
Department, so that its optimal use could be inSUred. 

My Implementing these recommendations, Communications would 
finally have the opportunity to meet its original curriculum objectives, 
and could take its place as a proper endeavor for an institution "that 
aspires to academic excellence at the uDder,raduate level" (pg. 7) . 

To endorse this unified response, pick up copies in the Comm Lounge 
(MCC 133) or the Communications Program Office (MCC 130) . Please 
sign and return. 

C.MlKE MANN 
PETER LAWLEN 

A panel discussion featuring 
four representatives of South 
African "liberation move· 
ments to the United Nations" i~ 
scheduled to take place tonight 
at 8 pm in the Rev~lle Cafeter· 
ia . 

Ben Gurirub, of the Sout.b· 
west Africa People's Organiza· 
tion, T. Kangai and CaliistuE 
N'dlovu of tbe Zimbabwe 
Patriotic FroDtk and Tbami 
Mblambiso, of the African 
National Congress are the 
announced speakers for the 
program. 

Tbe Political Education 
Group, the Working Committee 
on Southern Africa and the Nia 
Cultural Orlanilation are 
SponaoriDl the program. 

The Trilon TI .... I. pullilahed ~ UCSO "udenlla an 01flclal1t1liMftt~ . . 
f'ubllcetlon I. on ~, Wed~ .nd Frtaya elUring !fie ,...., lOlIOoI r- ' 
Ce.cept on offlcl8i IIoIldllya) . Editorial end buII_ offa. e,. IOc:IItecIln the 81udent 
Cent .... t the Unl".,.,.,. 01 c.t"oml .. Sltn Diego. For 8d11Dri8i, c8II 462-3481; lor 
bIMI_.nd dl8pl8)' ~1.lnll. c8i1 452-3418. 

lenert 10 !fie eclitor.nd oolnlon column. _ w.loomeiI. A1llUOmilllolnalhould lie 
Iypecl .nd CIouble1paoed on. ee-.pec:. II".. They a/IouId not exceed t~ pegea In 
length. 

Submitted m_I., mUll beer tne n_ end .. 1Iden1 lden~ number 01 till 
.uthor. rumeacan bewllhheldlrompubilcallononraq_;~,tIII_wlllbe 
NId on file 'or PutIIIC lnapectlon . 

TheTritonTtm._rvealllerIghIIOeclitlUbm'-lont*-eoltpllCellmlt8tlonl 
or .Iyle rwqulremenll. 

Enllr. conl.nll copyrlg"t 1178 the Triton Tim ... 

Tanana ••. 
(Cond.oed from pale 1) 
asked the Free TrIIOa to do 
anything but COD form witb 
requiremeDts established by 
the Communications Board in 
the past." 

principle among the require-
ments detailed by Elsen were 
the "demolUltrated need" of 
money and space, a staff box 
and disclaimer of the Com-
municattoDl Commiasion, and 
" proof" that UCSD students 
put the publicatioD out. 

"Tanana bas not met any of 
these stipulations," said Eilen. 
"Newspapers have to conform 
to the rules, and becauae the 
Free TrUoD b8lD't, tbe 
publication was denied space iD 
the media center." 

EileD's decisloD, compound-
ed with the recent rulinl by the 
StudeDt Center Board that all 

what be's dolnl or he "might 
have academic problems as a 
result." 

biton times 

Institute (ERr), an organiza-
tion of which Tanana is 
p'resident . Eisen asked for an 
'accounting offunds, " and was 

denied this by Tanana, who saw 
the request as an "invasion of 
privacy." Tanana said the Free 
TritoD was forced to use ERI 
funds as they were denied " any 
and all" money by the AS. 

Tanana sees UCSD students 
as the final losers, as "the Free 
TrUoD was not taking any 
student money but instead was 
just giving them a service -
and an alternative ." Eisen 
coUDtered this claim by saying 
"Tbe use of student space is the 
same as money." 

media with the exceptioD of the Artother point of conflict 

Tbough at this time the doors 
of UCSD seem to be closed to 
tbe bousing of the Free TriIOD , 
Tanana says he is going to take 
up the matter with State 
Senator John Stull and other 
legislators . . Triton Times and radio station betw,een Tanana and Eisen is 

KSDT would have to be boused the funding of the Free Triton, 
in the media center, has left the whose last issue was paid for by 
FreeTrilOn without an office. the Economics Research 

., At any rate we' re still gOing 
to try and keep publishing," 
said Tanana. 

Needlto comply witb rules Thl d 
Eisen noted that if "he r ... 

(Tanana) complies with the (Continued from pale 1) 
rules, I have nothing against 
giving him space," but TaDana 
terms the Commissioner of 
Communication's require· 
ments as "restrictive." 

Tanana said his organization 
had a "rigbt to privacy," as 
"just about aU of our members 
don't want to be known as 
conservatives or libertarialUl ." 

Citing ~s an example one 
graduate student in the 
Literature Department wbo 
works for the Free TritoD, 
Tanana, sai~ the student 
doesn't want anybody from his 
" radical" department to know 
f ..... ··_··_·_ .... ·· ... · .. _··_··_' .. -
i ! 
liCOMMUNITYf 
tBLooD BANK! 
! 983 India ! I 1 327 F Street ! 
! PAYSDONORS i ! ! 
. for Service . 

about making sure that we 
include every aspect of our 
population in the process," said 
Varga. She commented thatthe 
method that Warren College 
employed in their name 
selection would have been 
" highly inappropriate " for 
Third College because of the 
college' s aim to promote a 
community spirit. "There's no 
resemblance between what 
they did and what we' re doing," 
adding, however, that she does 
not call Warren 's procedure 
" wrong." 

Third College Council 

member Neil Caliman said that 
the Council does not want to 
" infuriate" students as Warren 
did ove-r an exclusion of 
students from their dedication 
ceremony. He feIt that Third 
had done " a good job" in 
including students. 

Commenting on the over-
whelming choice of Third in 
opinion polls , Caliman said 
" Third College would have 
merit, the other names would 
have merit .. .if the student body 
at large feels that it would be a 
good name,then so be it. " 

Attn: Third College Students 
Considering WITHDRAWAL from school? 

Are you confused? Concerned? Frustrated? 
You are invited to attend a workshop on 

.. Withdrawal from School, Is it What 
I Need and What to do?" 

Wed. Feb. 8, 7-10 pm Center for the People f Mon. - Fri. il 
, 23~S481 t ~;;:;;;;;;;;;;;;;:::::::;;:ii====::::;:~ i 234-4601 •• 
.. ~ .................... ::r.~.~~ ..... _., 

II" 
Valentine 
Personals 

Are 
Coming! 
Get them 
In early! 
~ 15~" 

Deacllilie: 
Than., Feb. 9, 

3pm 

THE BEST NEWS 
ON THE RADIO 
IS AT 6:45 P.M. 

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE BIBLE LESSONS 

Feb. 6-10 ..... Soul 
Feb. 13-17 ...•. Mind 

TURN TO XEMO 
860 ON THE AM DIAL 
6:45 TO 7:15 P.M. 
MON.-FRI. 

IntrodUCing the new •• t Intramural .port ... 

The ... t-pec:ed quiz game thet tHfa studenfa' knowledge. 
SIGn up thl. week .t EDNA. 

SponlOM by ASPECT. 

tr 
t 
t t ' Ash Wednesday t 
tu C . 
':S D 

Mass: 7: 15 am, 12 noon , 5:30 pm 
Mini retreat: 4 pm 
Ecumenical Service: 7:30 pm 

Church - 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive 

MEN'S WEST HAIR DESIGN 
4688 Convoy (Plaza del Sol) 

Suite 107560-0585 Call for appointment 
Hairstyling - relular 59.50 

$2.00 OFF 
with this coupon 

offtr ,ODd IhtouCh F tb. 28 

Precision Hairstyling includes shampoo, cur, condition, blow·dry 

Engineering Duty Officer is the Navy's name for a man 
whose specialty is ships and ship systems-running them, 
designing them, building them. An EOO's career can take 
him from sea duty to postgraduate study theq on into his 
own individual specialty-anything from hard-rore prag-
matics to pure research. 

Engineering Duty. If it sounds like your kind of job, 
speak to: 

l T John Chalker will be interviewing for this 
outstanding program Feb, 22-23 on the UCSD 
campus, Contact your placement office for an 
appointment or call 293-6444 for more 
information. 

AN EQUAL 
OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

(Women and Minorities are encouraged to apply) 
NOW IS THE TIME TO CONSIDER 

JUNE EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITI 
CAREER EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES 

WITH THE 
U.S. CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 

The Central Intelligence Agency has 
professional opportunities for persons trained 
in the disciplines listed below. If you are a 
senior or graduate student now completing 
your studies we will be pleased to review your 
credentials. 
AERONAUTICAL ENGINEERING 
AEROSPACE ENGINEERING 
CtVIL ENGINEERING 
COMPUTER ICIINCEls,snIiS 

ANALYST 
ECONOIlICIIICONOlllTAICS 
ELECTlUCAL ENGiNeERING 
ELECTRONIC ENOINEERING 
FORIIGN ARB STUDII!8 

Eat Aet.n 
NNr EaetIm 
AUIIIen 
E_t Europe 

FOREIGN LANGUAGES 
(Htgh Prollclency R_qul") 

AraIIIc: 
Chin_ 
K_ 
RuuIan 

INnRNATlONAL RELATIONS 
MA THEllAnca 
NUCLEAR ENGINEERING 
NUCLEAR PHYSICS 
PHYSICS 

All initial assignments are in Washington, D.C. area. Some 
require foreign travel. U.S. citizenship required. 

Get an application form from the CAREER PLANNING a 
PlACEMENT CENTER, Building B, Student Center Complex, 
MAIL IT NOwm Qualified appne.n"b wi:: lJe (.ur,la ed 10 
arrange an off-campus interview. 

MAIL YOUR OWN RESUME OR THE APPLICATION fOAM TO: 
LL CUrfM 

P.O. 80 .... 
UtwndMe, CA I02IO 

-



bltantlna triton times ..... 

1\1 nday 
" ReIhra: Interview -". for furtber information and to make an 
.. con.ct Career Plannlna and Placement SerVice., Student Center 

UB". 
n: I'III::~~=~ Center - providea a settiq for silent .ittinl meditation. 

........ rt.~n DI for tboae who desire It. For info call 755-5195 after 9 pm. Free. 
MalHiu: CbiDeBe folk art eXhibition: paper cutting and otbeJ'l. Central Library 

clilpJay tables, su: Library display windows. 
1 ... am·S pm: Writiq Clinic - lfelp with course papeJ'l. For appoint. call 452·2522. 
Locatioo: 12M H·L. '-ree. . 

l1:P~: Weilbt Management Group - for any .tudent who wants to modify his/her 
IifiitYte for maximum health, productivity and happiness. Group focuaea on: 1) 
chaqiq eating habits, not dletiq; and 2) developiq decision power rather than will 
power. 'acilltator: Diane Evans. 412 Warren Campus. . . 

11-11 pm: Dissertation ProlJ'ell WorUbop - For graduate .tudents who want to 
proge effectively in any phase of disaertation work. This includei greater productivity 
in definiDI and carrying out tbe project and overcoming personal and .ituational 
obstacle. to its completion. To .ign up come to one of the two organization meetings, 
today or Tuesday or call Decca on x3755. 412 Warren Campus. ' 

11-5 pm' Art Sho': 'in T~ Otber Gallery. Four women from N. County - 4 
Alternatives on Feminism - Wed. Feb. 1 at noon a sack luncb diacuaaion with the artist. 
HL l2OO. Free. sil i ling edltati 1-1 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for ent. t m on. 
Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 after 9.pm. Free. . 

4' 00 pa .. Higb Enerey Physics Seminar - Speaker: Dr. LUIS Masperi U~B. TopIC: 
Reueon Field Tbeory on a Lattice and Intercept Renormalization. Location: PleL 
1110. 

'7 pm & t pm: "Roots" second of four episodes. TLH 104. Free. 
'7 m-l1 mldDJIII&: Chinese New Year Dinner. S~nsored by A.A.S.A. Held at the In~atiOnal Center. Free. ' . . 
'7: ,pm.: Covenant Community of Lutherans, EpISCOpalians and Roman Catholics. 

Ell Conference Room, Student Center, U~D. . 
.. pm-1I mid: The Outback· Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students which 

offeJ'l nightly entertainment, a variety of refre.hments, ana activitie~ that encourage 
intetaction. Telephone 452-3092 (evenings) for updated program mformation, 711 
Warren Campus. Free. . U-'ted N ti I: 00 pm: Southern Africa: The Struggle for Liberation. The.~ a ons 
ri.:ptesentatives from liberation movements of ZANU, ZAPU, African Natural 
Congress and the Southwest Africa People's Organization will discuss the present 
~tuation in Soutbern Africa. Sponsored by the Political Education Group. Revelle 
<!afe. 

Tuesday 
Na&ional Oceanic and Aunosplleric Adminls&ra&ioa, Commlaloaed Officer Corps: 

interview. For further information and to make an appointment, contact Career 
Planniq and Placement Services, StudeDt Center Complex, Bldg. B. 
• 1-'7: 15 am: Medltatio.n Center - provides a . setting for silent slttin, meditation. 

Instruction provided for those who desire It. For info call 7S5-51195 after 9 pm. Free. 
1 t am-5 pm: Writina Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452·251.2,' 
Location: 1254 H·L. Free. 

1. am " I pm: Third Annual Cooking Cia .. Series. JuliaD CbildI guest chef. 
Mandeville Center Auditorium. S25 per class. 

11 DOOIl! Communication Students Union )ieeting. Come sign the CEP response and 
help work on ~U activities. Communication Students Lollqe (MCC 133). 

II nooa " '7: 18 pm: Lecture on "Consciousness and Field 01 All Po.lliblllties." East 
Conference Room, Student Center. -

11 800.1 pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational ~uaaion; all must 
_tend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary,located 10 conference room it Student Health Center. 
• 11 800.1: SO pm: Sex Clinic. For lndlviduais or couples aeekinJ information or ~unaeliq about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates, facilitator. Call Yolanaa at x3490 to sign 
ai>. Revelle Counaeliq Office, at Revelle Provost's Office. 

~ 11: 00 noon·Z pm: Fourth lecture in "Faces of Healing" lecture series; Holistic fediclDe: Therapies of iridology, shiatsu, acupuncture and homeopathy. Bob Kessel · h.D. will speak. TLH 107. . • 1·2 pm: Organizatiorial meetings. Dissertation Progress Workshop - For graduate tudents who. want topro,ress more effectively in any phase of dissertation work. This 
ln~ludes greater productivity in defining and carrying out the project and o.vercoming 
Personal and situational obstacles to its co.mpletion. To sign up come t? ~ne of the two 
organization meetings (listed above) or call Becca on x3755. Facllitators: John 
Andrews John Giebink, Ron Lane, Cilla Mason. 412 Warren Campus. 

"I 1·2 pm; Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

z:oo pm: Solid State Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Derryl L. Smith, CIT. Topic: 
lJound Excitons in Silicon. Location: APleM 2402. 
. ~ 3 pm: OASIS Target Series Study Skills Writing Papers. Instructor - John 
Waterhouse. Warren Bldg. 406. Free. 
I' 3-4 pm: Test Anxiety and Stress Reduction Workshop - for students experiencing 
~igh anxiety in ~st takinf or soci~l si~uations. Purpo~ of workshop is t~ ':lie stress and 

,a~iety productively. Sel ·hypnosls Will be taugh~ dunng workshop. FaCilitators: Hugh 
Pates and Mike Henry. Revelle Counselor's Office. 

S pm: Neurosciences Department Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Roger C. Guillemin, The 
Salk Institute. Topic: " Recent Studies with Endiorphins." 2100 Basic Science Bldg. 
Free. 

5-6 pm: Judo Club Workout. Wre~tlil!g Room .. . . . . . 
6: 30 pm: UCSD Outing Club meetmg, Dave Wlrt wIll talk on First Aid, tnp planrung 

as usual. Newcomers welcome. Rec. Gym. Conf. Room. 
7 pm: Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. Everyone is invited. Student 

Office Argo Hall. 
7::'0 pm: Baha 'i Fireside - If you have been wondering Who? What? Why? and 

Where Are Baha'is? now is the time to find out. All are welcome to this infonnal 
disclJssion about the Baha' i Faith at the Student Center Lounge Conference Room. 

7::fo pm: "Wpmen in Careers," Colleen Kelley, M.A. Human Relations Consultant. 
7: 30 9: 00 pm. I,ternational Center. 

7:JO.9 pm "Women in Careers." - Maureen O'Connor. International Center. 
8: 130 pm: Atomicafe presents graduate jazz musicians in an informal jam session 

featlring Hollls Gentry III, Cecil Lytl,., nennis Woodrich, and the ~en voice ensemble, 
Jan Connection. Free. Mandeville Recital Hall. 

8 pnl-l2 mid: The Outback Cafe i~ a comfortable gathering pl~c~ ~or students which 
oUe's nightly entertainment, a vanety of refreshments , and actlVltles that encourage 
intetaction. Telephone 452·3092 (evenings) for updated program infonnation. 711 
Warren Campus. Free. 

9 pm: Free Movie. The Revelle Side Door presents Rene Clair's "Le Million." 
. R~velle Side Door. 

Wednesday 
NCR - Data Processing Division: InterView. l'~or further information and to make' 

a. appointment, contact Career Planning and Placement Services, Student Center 
Complex, Bldg. " B" . 

hat's 0 2/6-2/12 
A Weekly Guide a.mpus Events 

1-'7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sittiq medit.atill Very important meeting of the pre·med student support organization (SSAS) 
Instruction provided for those woo desire it. For Info call 755-5995 after FlIIIlI;tntien.ts for Supportive Allopathic Study will be held in the East Conference Room of 

• am·5 pm: WritinJr Clinic - Help with course papers. Fo.r appoint. Center Complex. All are welcome. 
Location: 1254 H·L. F'"ree. pm: Free Symposium, "Mind Games, Improve Your Memory, Improve Your 

10 am & 7: 18 pm: Third Annual Cooking Class Series. Julian Childs guest .. Program Board. International Center. 
Mandeville Center Auditorium. S25 per clall. pm: Ash Wednesday Worship Service, sponsored by Rom~n Catholics, 

Noon: Music Committee Meeting. Help plan jazz and classical music ns -and Episcopalians . University·Community Church, 9595 La Jolla-Shores 
UCSD. If you don't do it, who will? Arts and Lectures Office. ve. 

Noon: U~D Single Parents Group invites all single parents to come join 8 pm: "Roots" third of four epidsodes. USB 2722. Free. 
interaction Wednesdays from noon to 1 pm In Revelle Informall.ouQe on topics 8 pm-I! mid: The Outback Cafe Is a comfortable gathering place for students which 
as 38 Going on 17, Sexuality, Children in Transition, Letting Go of the Past, The va •• fl'ers entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and activities that encourage 
Game and Single Parenting. Bring a sack lunch. Revelle Informal Lounge. 452·3092 (evenings~ for updated· program information. 711 

II nooa·l pm: Contraceptive Education Session: tnformational discuaaion; Campus. 
uttend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located in conference 30 pm: UCSD German and French Club meetin,. Guest: Jean Pierre Gorin, Dept. 

~\t Student Health Center. Arts. TopiC: Post War Film in Europe. Beagle Apt. , Revelle. 
I pm: OASIS Target Series Study Skills Writing Papers. Instructor: pm: Wednesday NightHootenany-an informal place for musicians toperfonn . To 

Waterhouse. Warren Bldg. 406. Free. sign up in Page One or just show up. Come and listen to UCSD talent. 5 & Dime, 
1 pm: Jazz Club meeting . Finalize plans for this quarter's concert, formulate Commons. Free. 

for Spring. East Conf. Rm. Student Center. 
I·Z pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silen! sitting mediultiol 

Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 
3·5 pm: Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs (Reg Fee) meeting, in(~ludiJ. 

Budget Analysis and Program Review of all student services and programs. 
chancellor's Conference Room, Student Center Complex, Bldg. "B" . 

4: 08 pm: Colloquium. Speaker: Dr. Lee Sloan, Austin Research Association. 
Auto-Resonant Accelerators. Location: TLH 104. .'\I aval Ocean Systems Center: Interview. For further information and tq make an 

6 pm: Christian Fellowship Dinner for all .students (7~). ntme:::. .. ~*,~t Career Planning and Placement Services, Student Center 
Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. .... 

6:00 pm: EAB meeting - that's all; just EAB meeting. Community Center, . 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a settiq for silent sitting meditation. 
Hall . truction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

6: 30 pm: ASUCSD Student Council meeting (The Greatest Sbow on Campus am·5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452.2522. 
Price) . North Conf. Room, Student Center. . .l254 H·L. Free. 

7 pm: Brothers and Sister.s, God is the Father of our spirits just as our earthly oon: AMES 205, Seminar No.4, Film Series - • 'Channel Flo.W of a Compressible 
are the fathers of our bodies. You have a spirit which animates your body just ." 7104 Uref Hall. Free. 
might aminate a glove. Please don't go througb life spiritually starved. Meeting of the Pr.ogressive Coalition. Discull petition drive, events, Ai 
Lucifer and his followers lead you down the primrose path. Counsel with our Heavellille l~ t i o.n5 . Approve "Open Letter" final draft. East Conference Room, Student Center. 
Father. Go to Him with your problems and you will be helped. Ask Him if Biopbysic. Seminar. Speaker: Dr. R. Sanadl, Boston Blo Medical 
our elder brother Jesus Christ is true. Come to LDS Institute and leam the bea Institute. Topic: The Protein Components o.f the Mitochondrial ATP.ase. 

At the Hall. on: MH 3405. -

K. Wally 
. Koalumn 

Dear K. Wally, . 
Durinl my 3'11 yean at UCSD. I bave DO&Iced several 

unusuallaadmaru on oar campus about wblcb I would 
like to know more_ Perlla,. you can live some .... 1111& 
into the followln, quesdons: 

I) At the N.E. corner of AP&M there Des a monument 
set in graai&e to an early Jewiall pioneer of San Dle,o, 
Louis Ro.e. Wby was this monument to the namesake 01 
Rose Canyon placed at this si&e, IODIe SO yean before 
ground was broken for UCSD? Was It bis bomesite? 

2) At the N. W corner of the Muir teDDIa cotu1a a&anda a 
slab of formed coacrete about 8-11 feet tall and • fee& 
wide. It seems to bave no purpose wba&soever. WIly Is It 
there? 

3) ProJec&ln, lZ feet above the roof of the Shlllen& 
Cen&er i. a plastic piPe wlllcb .wlnp wltb the wind. 
Why? . 

") Just north of the eastem en&ranee to the pedea&rian 
hrid,e over Gilmaa is an old bulldin, wblcb appean to 
have bad a corral next to i&_ WIlo bull& It and wba& is It 
possibly used for? 

5) In the rains of Old Camp Ma&theWi .&aDct. an odd 
lJillar at what II now the S. W. corner of &lie Muir 
Overflow Parkin, Loa. Wba& was It a pan of? 

6) Out on the place we all affecUonately call "TIle 
Cliff .... there Is an earthworb facing the GCeaa. WIly 
was It buil&' 

Thank you for your cODlidera&ioa of these qan&lo .... 
-Larry Harris 

Dear Larry, Whew, wbat a load. Since I have to write 
this koalumn on Thul'lday night I did not have all the 
time I would have liked to answer your questions, but I 
managed to dredge up some salient information. Josepb 
K. would be proud. 

1) The Rose Monument does not mark the ~.Ite of 
I ,ouis Rose. Long before the arrival of this campus U.S . 
tOI coursed its way through this area In what was then 
'alled La Jolla Junction. The significant point Is that 
t' .S. 101 began its descent into Rose Canyon at the point 
.I'here the monument now stands. You can thank the 
\ ppointments Ie Evaluations Office for the info on that. 

2) I struck out on this one. I could not get a ho.ld of tbe 
Campus Architect in time. 

My Pal 'Harvery Rabbit recommends puttiq Jello mix 
in the fountain on some exceptionally cold night. Wow, 
you could eat your way out of tbe fountain. Get into that! 
. Dear K. Wally, 

I read someplace t'at tile Outback Cafe is a 
cornlor&able p&llertq ,a.ee a& U~D, WUt Is 1& and 
where is 1&1 

-A Bored S&adeD& 
Dear Board,' Go to 711 Matthews Campus, east of tbe 

Warren Dorma Tuesday througb Saturday (I to 12 
midnight). It Is like the Revelle Side Door from what I 
he~rd. 

Dear Cola Koala, 
What'. W. I bear about tile tannels that honeycomb 

this campus' 
-Scalololk:al 

Dear Scat, Is there an archaeology major around for 
remnants or ruins. The last I beard was that one region 
of the Tunnels housed Top Secret Nasa Films. I am open 
to other hot rumors or ex~:nces that anyone hal to 
share. Apply now for the el Brigade. Watch for K. 
Wally Ground Hog and Harvey Ant. 

R.D. Laing once said: "If I could tum you on, if I 
could drive you out of your wretched mind, if I could tell 
you, I would let you know." 

Write us and we'll let you know. Of course you must 
reali~ that, "If I don't know I don't know, I think I 
know." 

Write or walk to K. Wally Koalumn c/o Triton Times 
B-016-Student Center. It doesn't even cost a shimp! 

12 noon·Z pm: Lecture: Ralph Nader. Mandeville Center Auditorium. Studentsg.aQCI 
General Admission $3. 

1·2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent .itting medltatfo •. 
Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755·599S after 9 pm. Free. 

2: 00 pm: Plasma Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. K. Wone, General Atomic. 
Company. Topic: Theory of the Impurity Flow Reversal Experiment. Location: AP&M 
2402. 

3-4, ' . Wei,ht Management Group - for any student who wants to modify his/her 
lifestyle for maxium health, productivity and happiness. Group focuses on: 1) 
changing eating habits, not dletin,; and 2) developing decision power rather than will 
power. Facilitator: Diane Evans. 412 Warren Campus. 

3: 30·5 pm: Graduate Student Therapy Group. This group wlll have an unstructured 
format, with the topics and issues to be determined by group members. Mixed - needs 
men . Facilitator: Dan Munoz and Susan Hauer. Those interested call Becca at x3755 for 
an appointment. 2105 HIeSS, Muir Campus. 

4: 40 pm: U~D Women's Caucus Pot Luck Dinner and Panel Discussion on the 
National Women's Conference in Houston. International Center . 

5-6 pm: Judo Club Worko.ut. Wrestling Room. 
5: 30 pm: WomeD's Center general meeting, all women welcome. Women's Center. 
5: 30 pm: Politjournal meeting, new membeJ'l welcome; papers now being acceptecl 

for publication. HL 2550, Poli Sci Conference Room. 
6 pm: A.A.S.A. - Asian American Student Alliance. There will be a general meeting 

to get into our committees. This meeting will be potluck of refrshments. Important 
meeting, please attend. 4th Fl. Blake Hall. 

6 pm: Bicycle maintenance class - taught by ace mechanic. Learn to fix your own 
wheels! and gears and brakes, etc. Bike Shop. Free. , 

7 pm: General meeting of the U~D Spanish Club. Revelle Formal Lounge. 
8 pm: "Roots" last episode. USB 2622. Free. 

8 pm: Marine Geology Seminar. Title: "Particle Surfaces as Scavengers for Metal 
Ions" . Professor Werner Stumm, Director, Swiss Federal Institute for Water 
Resources and Water Pollutio.n Control. IGPP Conference Room. Free. 

8·10 pm: Mandeville/Ciy Club Lecture "San Diego: Inside" - Media; Clayton Brace, 
Peter Kaye, Ed Self. Mandeville Auditorium. Admission: U~D student: $2.00; City 
Club: $12 series, $4 single; General admission: $16 series, $5 single. 

8 pm·12 mid: The Ouijlack Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students which 
offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and activities that encourage 
interaction. Telephone 452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 
Warren Campus. Free. 

8: 3O-11pm: "Low Key Nite" (at the Side Door) . Live music, food and drink, shop-talk 
forbidden, featuring the music of " Ron Lovelace." Free. 

Friday 
MIT - Lincoln Laboratory: Interview. For further information and to make an 
appointment, contact Career Planning and Placement Service., Student Center 
Complex. Bldg. "B". . 

6-'7: IS 1UJl: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided fo.r those who desire it. For info call 755-51195 after 9 pm. Free. 

9 am.s.pm: Writina Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452·2522. 
Location. 1254 H·L. Free. 

Noon: The West Coast Jazz Band free concert has been postponed. Check the 
Calendar for date - it will still be on a Friday at noon. 

12:05 pm: Marine BiololY Seminar - Dr. Victor Vacquier, ZoololY Department, 
UCS. "Analysis of species specific adhesion of spermatozoa to the surface of the sea 
urchin en." 4500 Marine Biology Bldg. 

1·2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a settina for silent sittine meditation. 
- mstructiCJn provided if desired. For info call7S5-5995 !lfter 9 pm. Free. 

3 pm: Marine Chemistry Seminar- "A revisitiq of the pE concept of Wally Breck." 
Professor Werner Stumm, Director, Swiss Federal Institute for Water Resources and 
Water Pollution Control. 2145 Ritter Hall. 
. HZ pm: Need a quiet, .upportlve place to study on Friday nigbt? Students for 

Supportive Allopathic Study (SSAS) will open Garren Auditorium, BSB 1105, to all 
UCSD students a. a study hall on Friday from 5 pm to midnlgbt. All are welcome. BSB 
1105. 

'7 pm: Campus Crusade for Christ - School of Christian Studies. General meetiq 
followed by .mall classes studying of Christ and Christianity. UniveJ'lity City Baptist 
Church, 43T1 Eastgate Mall. 

'7 pm & .: 30 pm Ibowlnp: Friday Ni,ht Movie - "Silver Streak." Mandeville 
Auditorium. Admission $1.25. Sponsored by University Events. 

7: 30 pm: Alpha Omega Alliance - Cosmic consciouanell and its relation to the 
spoken word. Free discussion open to all. Muir Blo Bldg. Room 1103. 

Film - "Tlbe&" by FeUx Greene, world renowned for bia flIms on Cbina. It Jives 
poignan& lnslgb&s into lives of people wbo Dve on the Roof of the World. Marston Jr. 
Hilh,.3'7It Clalremont Blvd. (near Balboa). $1.00 donation. 

Saturday 
6-'7: 15-am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent Sl . ng meditation.. 

Instruction provided for those who. desire it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 m. Free. 
9 am·1 pm: A "Symposium on' South Africa" sponSOredbY-Friend.~' ft~ 

International Center U~D, second in a series of programs on topics that hale . II 
international implications. Principal speakers will be Thami Mhlambiso on l ' .-
Nations: The Partition of South Africa" and Dr. Anthony NiUbo 00 " Education for 
Servitude." Room 2722 Undergraduate Science Bldg., Revelle College. Free. 

10 am: Bicycle ride. Twenty to fourty miles easy to medium pace - fo.reveryone who 
loves cycling. Meet at the Bike Shop at 10 am. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass - following mass wine and cheese and short film. University 
Community Church. 

5-12 pm: Need a quiet place to study Saturday night? Students for Supportive 
Allopathic Study, a student organization open to all U~D students, will open Garren 
Auditorium BSB 1105 as a study hall on Saturday from 5·12 pm. All are welcome. BSB 
1105. 

'7 pm & 9 pm showgs: Movie: " Harold and Maude." Sponsored by the Women 's 
Center. USB 2722. Admission $1.50. 

8 pm: Chinese movie: " East is Red" with English subtitles, in color. Sponsored by 
the Chinese Student Assoc ., UCSD. Chinese Refreshments. Mandeville Auditorium. 
Free. 

Sunday 
6-'7: 15am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 

Instruction provided for those who desire it . For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 
8:30 am: Catho.lIc Mall - University Community Church. 
10 am: Lutheran woJ'lbip service with Pastor John Hut18r. University·Community 

Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. . 
10: 30 im: Catholic Mall - North Conference Room, Student Center. 
lZ: 03 pm: Episcopal Eucharist Mass. University-Community Cburch, 9595 La Jolla 

Shore. Drive . 
S pm: Catholic Mass - University Community Church. 
8 pm·12 mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students which 

ollers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments , a nd activities tha t enet. 'rage 
interaction. ':'elephone 452·3092 (evenings) for updated program infonnation. 711 
Warren Campus. Free. 



/ 

..... 

PRECISION CunlNG 
SKlNCARE 

.lULUET MANICURING 

A co.plete RetIa. SaIoa 
S151 Holkley Ct. 

. R .. ht by La .IoIla VIII ... I •• 
45~O6lO 

10% OISCOUNT 
ON SERVICES 

c. .. ilh "tudent or ~ awlty 10 

~. 8nnothi.:.Coupon ~4. 

I'repanlf Need Helpl 
~lce iI dedllon 10111 You 

ilnd Your I.Iby Ciln live widl. 
Free Counselift, ilnd Met 
Poo-l .... L • ...,. HOILINE 'l8J-lIH 

Cllllia 
Belt Sell.rs 
Romancel 
Non· 
My.t.,i.1 
ScienCl Fiction 
... AII CItqoriII 
Imported greeting c.tds. 
postcards. gilt wrap and 
posters. 
"Mittel Schurman" exclusivelv · 

Q.P4tn untilftPM -
737 .... rt ·SUi .. '01 

(nellt to the Soup E _d,an ... 1 

In 48 hours you can learn to use 
your mind to do anything you 
wish. 11 has been said tha: Einstein used only 10% orhi. mind. and Ihe-
general public uses only about 3% or 4%. And th.t's what Silva Mind Control 
is all about: learning to use more of your mind . There is no Iimittohow far you 
can go; Ihere is no limit to what you can do, because there is no limit to the 
power of your mind. Students repon simple thinp like learning to stop 
s.noking, 10 raU asleep without drugs and w.ke up wilhout clocks, to relieve 
nervousness, to stop excessive drinking, to memorize long lists and to improve 
creativity - to the more sophisticated things like le.rning to develop ESP and 
to use dleams to solve problems and to get information. 

Over 1.000.000 people aU over the world have taken Silva Mind Control. and 
so can you. To find o\lt how, we 
invite you to a free seminar. But a 
word of caution; it "III change your 
life. 

For information caU 197-0751 

Silva Mind 
Control® 

bitDn tImII 110-,. ,..., .. 1171 

Pablum for the disco set ... 
by KeDne&il Beaumonde 

S&aff Wri&er 
I waited a long time for 

Saturday Night Fever: at last a 
portrayal of Pop Culture in the 
70s, produced by who else but 
that impressario of hipness, 
Robert Stigwood. Perhaps it is 
fitting that this depiction of a 
culture in which appearance is 
God should consist of a 
hopelessly jejune story line, 
dripping with sophomoric 
humor and clumsy dialogue, 
which never strays far into the 
believable. 

John Travolta shoulders his 
part with natural ease (I can 
just see him running into 
Stigwood's ofrice saying, "I've 
got this grea t idea for a 
movie' '); he even looks 
brilliant. which is not surpris-
ing as he other characters 

Gees, a must for all you Stallone. An innocent miscon-
boogien), and to transform ception, I assure you. By the 
John Travolta into a mass- way. the film is a lot of fun to 

a hero cum S vester see. ~~~~~~ 

blend helplessly into a rid-
iculous sameness. And when, 
at the climax of the film, 
Travolta cracks the mold , 
forsaking glory for love, vicious 
peSSimism for cheerful opti-
mism, transitory transcendene 
forupwardmobilitY, onecansit or a da lOng h ? 
back. sigh and say, "Bullshit." ••• ZZ 1 SOW. 

In a word, I was disappoint-
ed. I had enivisioned an electric 
romance a la Bogdanovitch; 
what I got was pablum for the 
disco set, something of a dirty 
American Graffiti. 

Technically this film is at 
worst mediocre. at best good . 
but never does it escape cliched 
predicta bili ty. The spotty 
editing and wildly swinging 
camera during the danc e 
scenes, intended I suppose to 

give the viewer a sense of the 
wildness of it all, serve only to 
distract from the movie ' s 

by Tim Mackenzie 
Ana Editor 

H YQU had told me several years ago that Robert Stigwood was 
going to produce a film about disco ,dancing" replete with John 
Travolta as the star and witlt music by the Bee Gees, I probably 
would bave scoffed at it. Though Stigwood is a bonafide multi-
media impressario, with artists such as Eric Clapton and the Bee 
Gees recording for his RSO label. his initial venture into films, 
"Tommy", was a slick but ultimately tiresome affair. So I 
approached "Saturday Night Fever" with a little apprehension. 
Though I liked some oCthe Bee Gees material. but I had never seen 
John Travolta perform. Perhaps that was a blessing in itself. not 
having my view of Travolta's performance tainted by any kind of 
comparison to television's notorious Sweathogs. 

What my initial viewing of the film hinted-at my second viewing 
confirmed: " Saturday Night Fever" is dazzling '70s style 
entertainment, replete with top-notch performances by Travolta 
and his superb dancing partner, portrayed by Karen Gorney. 

U:=========================h brightest spot. Other tech-
niques such as an irritating 

Travolta plays the part of a salesman in a paint store, who 
relieves his tedium by going out at night with his three buddies to 
the local disco. Here, Travolta is the king, with the rest of the 
people on the floor parting like the Red Sea when he arrives. At the 
disco he notices a dancer named Stephanie (Gorney) that turns 
him on. and it's off with the dancing-amourous pursuit. 

DonJ I buy anything 
in 14K Gold 

If..". till ou've seen ~.~ 
THE OUTDOOR JEWELRY STORE 

1261 PROSPECT ST. 
LA JOLLA 

(next to Alfonso's) 
11 AM til Fogged Out - 459-4788 

REMEMBER 
VALENTINE'S DAY 
I FEB. 14 '. 

Heart Rings, Heart Charms, 
Heart Bracelets \ 

blurring of Karen Gorney ' s 
face (romantic) and tIme lapse 
photography are too cheaply 
obvjous to be effective. 

I could go on, but perhaps I 
have a wrong conception of the 
film 's purpose . After all, 
maybe it wasn't intended to 
reveal any of the human (sic) 
elements of urban Ii fe in the 70s. 

Yes, that must be it. I'm such a 
dummy; I should have realized 
that the real purpose of the 
movie is to sell about a billion' 
tickets, t-shirts and copies of, 
the soundtrack (which is 
predominantly excellent Bee 

Many who have attended "Fever" have the misconception that 
there was no substance to the film. that it was merely an excuse to 
choreograph some dance sequences. Those people are. in a word, 
dumb. The interpersonal relationships are important and 
meaningful, including Travolta's family scene as well as his 
infatuation with Gorney. The streets of New York provide a good 
setting for "Fever", and act to frame the film 's central message: 
don't try to fulfill other people's wishes for what you should be. Be 
what you want to be. 

There is no denying the fact that "Saturday Nlgnt !"ever" bas 
some excellent dancing in it. But not to beoverlooked is the music 
which perfectly sets the mood for the film. Without question this i~ 
the best material the Bee Gees have ever done, with such 
standouts as "Stayin' Alive" , " How Deep Is Your Love" "Night 
Feve.r" and "More Than A Woman." Coupled with Travolta's 
danCing (he 'must have rehearsed for' a year) makes "Saturday 
Night Fever" something that will leave you with a smile and an 
urge to boogie. 

.................... 

• JI • • ••• mnwi ••• 
:. &-\f-§Tl?A l() ., 

••• &')(:; .. \ .: f.J~" ••• 
: {)~ ~t! : 
• Your daytime • 
: Lunch Served Mlllologlllt - • 
• 11:30 •. m. Warren Hlggln. • 
• to 2:00 p.m. D_ •• 

... ropealO..... . 
: Try Chef Gene'. to I.... • 
• d.lly........ AJwa,e....,... : 
: DIaDer Served NCGM" • of... • 
.. 5p .•. to lOp... ... ..... Era. • 
• F ............. -. 414-U13: 
• Stall.nd Seafood. ~ • /"). • 
.. ~~. 

c:;;.;;;> • 

•••••••••• • •••••••••••••• 

XEROX 
COPI.ES~ 

2~~~~ 
.1110151.111 -. ...... 
23",171 

OPEN 7:30 ' .m .• 10 p.m. M· F 
SalunilYla Sund'Yll0-5 

I 

.....,. ,....., .. 1171 triton times 

tt classifieds TUESDAY, housinl 
.... u JoIIo Villo .. _r UCSD. New ___ 
ua/IInIJ br. I 1IIlI. e.",,",". dro_ ................ . teMIa . ..... -.. AlI_tile ____ . s....: 
.... (JlI, __ . 1YeIIitIp. (III', 
UCSD..-•• rod ... _ ................. _ 
~r .- .131 • liS l1li. ~ or ""111 or. 
UCSD (v., 
c_'or rwt - 14. I Hr. I.,., Bo. ~ H·w... 
.deAl I .... .... 1. 01<:. -.-mo 4IU'I'II ... _I 
.vet. (1111, 
ROO'" TO SHARE. Jbdrm ....... ; ocean _ 01 
Million _ . • . 1U.·/o utll. N ... """"er. __ 
• v.n (21 1', 

for sale 
P." 11_" __ nry ._ 1$ ""DdI wiD .. o.oyWM'" _ .• ___ • witll _ mIDI 
oad WI. 11/" 

For lalo; ~ .... reo w/"'''/'''' '1 •. /olen '. 
.,..1 ... .,.111 ..... _Pl. COUJlm ... II ..... 
(VII 
T.,.... Corollo 1"411 •• miIH. Good .. 1Inp by 
ton,Ulller r.porta ,.t.5. 711 , "57 (III) 

Smi~ poJ'lltlle 1~r1wr. PiU type . ... 
11H157. (III) 
'72 V ........ IWID. E • .,.iJeDl CODd . Bor. back 
... 1 ..... 1 comllMltial blb . ...... C.II 455-lm 
.v., (21') 
74 Colli. Sup ... me _ •• lrLA""FM, Sim mi . 
CI .... ruDl peal. _ call ...... 5 J.d 7~ 
(2110' 
, ' 10" Lopel Lilhteoin. Bolt surfboard lood 
co ndilloD .10 call Brad 411 · '.32 1%161 

Guita r c.llnical " E.lrella' · with new cue. 
ExeeUe"t l'OPd ItO or belt oeftr a k 'or Luis 45.3.f311 
(JII 8) 

wanted 
I or 2 'ermle roommat.es needed tor ocellin front apt 
in Del "'.r. "'v.IIoble .arly Feb. lutther in/o 411· 
INt (JII) 

CASH FOR COIIICS!! I'll CRAZV(!!' lorcomles 
but need to fill in my collection Leave no . 
w/comleaulW·11I7 (Jill 
Ca.oII pekl lor coiDa. d ... rial •• jewolry. donlal 
.okl. NrIiDC aDd pre I .. U..s.SlIv.'coina. K.n7. 
ml(4171 • 

etd responsible. k.id·lovirUuuylObecompanlonto 
10 yr. old lor 2 daYl/wk. La Jolla Shorft. Barbara 
.54-1710 (2/10' 
Sure would love 2 ticke15 to the Kine Tut exhibn in 
LA (pre I Sa .. or SUn I call C4Jty W-lI3IO (2111 

services 
Prole slonal Typing. Heaaonable Rat.el lKM 
Correclml SeIe<.1riC call ror Free Eltimate Gall 
411·mG. (5/ '1 
Typm,· .. IICOtI'OC'tIni IBM .. IOCIric ""m pape", 
lheses. etc. uperienced 4$2-1581 even1n&!I (1/ 19) 
TV PI NG' IBM Seleeule I.rm papers. the .... PhD. 
dJ ...... ti .... edili .... RUSH JOBS · 4S3~. set-
1171. _35. 462·1511 (fit) 

TVPING - Marilyn would like 10 lullill your .ypin& 
needI - expen, reasonable, ha 18M . Call21O-67!l 
12/21, 

NEED A TVPIST' Reasonabl. ral ... SPEEDY 
SERVICE IBM ",,11"'''''''''Un8 Kall1le 21HZ. 
after 12' 00 noon (3J 17) 

PROFESS~O N ... J., THESIS / M ... NUSCRIPT 
TYPI G Experienced, loorouahly lamiliar " ilh 
all form' style r.qulremenLl. RulhJobi accepted 
f 8M CorrecuRi Selectric lJ typewriter Day_ 
"11 eve 5M-2114? (519) 

RESEARCH PAPERS - TbouJand. an m. 12 'IS 
prr pale On,inal ruearch aliG .valUabie end 
II 00 lor callilo. NATIONAL RESEARCH 1_ 
Wol h .... no. 214 LA Il0(l2' (213) 4n-IM (31171 

MEN' - WOMEN' 
.10 8S ON SHIPS' Amerlc.n Foreign No 
t.ltpenence reqUIred. Exc:.-ellel't pay WorldWide 
Ir8\fl Summer Job or career Send ., 00 ror 
.. Ioml,tion. EM' AX . Dept B.JI 80. 2049. Port 
Anl.le • . Washi ... ton 111352. (211, 
Edhln , . proofreadln •. rena reb. rewrlle . 
Pro(euiORaI experience. Ruaonable ratea. Mary 
4"''''1 (JIIS' 
Vaney Tou,. II oIlorial tran .... rt.oUon to Grammy 
Awardl ill LA on Fob. D IN'inC al 10: • am lrom 
Student CoDtr IlulIdilIC B I •• s pm _ . rood alDpI. 
Top porfonnars tobo _red lacIudIII. DoIIItY nd 

M.ri.~. c-: '17.51. F ... .-....._ coU 
Bob Snydt •• 1 Jf7_. ,J'.,- can bo - .1 
IOISI Corallo V.lley 110M. (III) 
EARN ut/ lluttdNd _ruoiaI .. ve,,-at_ 
Beli_rs kli , .. lloo ... ! 80. _ u JoIIo - . 
(2117) 

Tutorin. In .11)1 llatll. I.·yr lUll •• Pbni ..... 
R.Ulbit. upe". , yrs. cGmbUtod up. hIly 
".rUckul _r ___ to ...... ar 
studoaUi. FREE! 0 ___ •• all.ble . .. 
back ............ _. "'1117 (211) 
Medlc.1 Sd.ll .. blp,. H' Imm.di.,. 4· yea, 
medJc.lac __ ............ U.tllelo .. teri .. or 
•• roIlodmod_. conN • .,._.lteam-
_ . t4IlJ, 

personals 
LooI: 0" ... 1i black C81_c_lmlll_ pieaao caU ____ • it ... nlbty (211) 

W ..... eon. ~ ... ~ AppilealloM 
.. III b ..... pl.d .. iii r.b . n . (lIn, 
WIM 10l1li, ,..,.. _, ~ 1IUI.IllUIJ I. 

IUD.-.....~ __ _ 

.... _ ... IIIoE_.· ..... __ _ 
w"""' .. _. ~ ........ lIty. CIII_ 
.. II .................. (JII) 
T. 'nto Girl I. __ at.:. _ ..... I. _ ........ 
auil aDd -.. '-_1ft,... ...... ,.... U 
(till 

TALENT 8"OW AUDITIONSI Ii._ .PI .... 
tomorrow ','.r.aU ••• ' I:DNA . (III) 
Surfa._.: ... __ ~._I:. 
in APII _ . I...,.... . ..... _ (1111 

Pt.. ~ .... buIIIIN. m .' '$ Ita .. 
..-. 1*' III ... TN _ ,.. Jot 10M • ...,. 
w ..... baII)o (211, 
U..-. lriolld. _ reur _I lie', ( ..... ,. 
-... .......... - 'nto __ (VII 

P.O.D. P.yllll ....... ......, ~~ ... .-
bo lItcr1mt .. U.. P S 'nto ...... tlIo _nit< TIC 
(2111 

II JOU ._ the _ry l)'IIIpoIium ,.... _ 'I 
____ . 'nto .... ,.... .... _y bo 

LOll: Ladle ', lurquol.e riq I Mon t1 hi. 
.ent'mealal value . Ret.urn to TT oUice . 

JOUr .... (VI) - FOUDd: Andrew PlvelchH· Your checkbook 1I In 
How do 1 __ , Lot me <GUal tlIo .IY • . I 10....,' tlIo 1T ofllce. 
\loom . I'm ...... t •• aelld Dr. Nannaa·. memory LotI: llale collie (l.auie.tl'/Nl) ,I t. Jolla Shofft. 
lalk (VI' lIe .. ard. CoII4U.I., __ . 
Warren CoIlele PrOirammJDI Board prnent&l 
" "'llld Gamet" Sym_ium PI. I memory Wed. I" 
7 pm laternatlonal Center (JII) 

Don'l P'orpt! Wed. III Dr. Normatl wm apuk on 
tbo _ 01 your .........,.. 1 pm l ....... tIonal 
c-ter . ...... (SIll 

. travel' 
BOOK ON CAMPUS: Eu ...... "" .. ail alld New 
Vortl Chatter nilhUl. C1EE Studenl TravelSludoal 
eo-~ Opea weekday, IH. Coli W'-
(11111 

Spri.,. Breakia ' .... Ira... ... v. "'...,hl'7. Sdayll4 
.... 11. lod_ booet . de!wt • .u-. ~I dIacouaI_. Ia .... . irf .... bay crule aDd .Irport 
I .......... C&U N ___ . TLC Trovel (S1i0) 

lost & found . 
Loft tlSi ie_lid lint _ ·.lIOve ia tlIo R.., 
Gym.IT ... CaIlRkky45l-ltlSP1e .... ' REWARD! 

F......" Ja<kot will1 ealcut.to .. on _Ie parlLiDl 
101. Cali __ .1Id IdomJly. 

F......,: Co.key,l. USB_anT_., IG. Claim In 
1T oIlice. 

HELP! I loot • ... vy bl .... 111 jacket ia • ayioa .tull 
ba • . Pl .... rowm to 1T oIr.,.. OwDer' , I~. 
LoIt; Gretn DOtebook. that cont.aiaed notee ror Bio 
1M. Pie .. reblnl I. 1T 0111 .... 

~: Brown Itodtped< with -. llId note. iaoIcIe. 
1I1 ... 1Id plea .. caD __ . 

announcements 
l'IIylleal cbomlalry/dltmJeal ""yaie ... m ..... Dr. 
I.naclo TlaocoJr. Dept. 01 CbtmJIJry UC Be .... ley. 
" Wbal Co You lot .... From ... DI'IA 5equeacol" 
T_. F.b. 1, 4 pm. MH USB . 

CommunlCltlona Students 
The open letter which appears 
in this issue Is the unified 
response of the Communica-
tions Students Union to the 
CEP Report on the Communi-
cations program. 

Please endorse this res-
ponse. 

Copies available in the 
Communications Lounge 
(MCC 133) or Communica-
tions Office (MCC 130). _ 

February 7 

That's the day when repr~senta­
tives from the Convair division of 
General Dynamics will be con-
ducting on-campus interviews 
with graduating engineers. 

If you're interested in a career 
with General Dynamics, please 
contact your placement office for 
an interview appointment. 

GENERAL OYNAMICS 
An Equal Opportunity Employer MI F, 

The fact that The MBXM calculator was designed 
for business professionals is a great reason 

for buying one while you~re a studente 
We designed The MBA to 

help professionals arrive at 
fast, accurate answers to a 
broad range of business and 
financial problems. The same 
ones you'll face in your busi-
ness classes. 

Interest, annuities, ac-
counting, finance, bond analy-
sis, real estate, statistics, 
marketing, forecasting, quanti-
tative methods and many more 
coUrse applications are in your 
hands with The MBA. 

This powerful calculator 
also features preprogrammed 
functions that let you perform 

more difficult calculations at 
the touch of a key. Instantly. 
Accurately. You may also enter 
your own programs up to 32 
steps long, saving significant 
time if 
you're doing 
repetitive 
classwork 
problems . 

The 
MBA comes 
with an 
illustrated 
text, "Cal-
culator 
Analysis for Business and Fi -
nance." This new guide hows 

you how simple calculator 
analysis can be with The MBA 
calculator. It's 2 pages of 
understandable. easy-to-follow 
reading. And it's coupled to 
more than 100 real-world ex-
amples that show you step-by-
step how to make calculator 
analysis work for you as never 
before. 

If you're building a career 
in business, The MBA business 
financial calr:ulator can be one 
of your strongest cornerstones. 

TEXAS INStRUMENTS 
... INNOVATORS IN 

PERSONAJ UKTlIONICS 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
<S) 1178 T •••• Inllrumenl, Incorporated ATED 



...... bllon times 

ERA •• 
( from pace 2) 

80. II) , thla Iltualion can other poor slob who bas to buatlefor establilb dominion over men. They 
continue under its preaent a buck. a.. ____ _ 
momeatt ia anybody·s ..... But desire equal uaMU.... not equal 
.. wome;'tE more and more Womea are .. capable .. men. rIIbta. Will they someday demand 
on the 1.1 level with men the They I"eC.'OIDiH opportunity and are the riJbt to be inducted Into the 
more aDll ore they will have to exploltln, it to tbe max . Tbe service as are males? Probably' 
aaaimUate themselves into the new direction of their filbt is not not. 
blerareby wblcb does not diacri- horizontal as would be the case if What women ~rve and wbat 
mlnate aceonlinl to sex. Thua a they me~IY wanted equality with . CODlress should pass witbout 

.. wom~~an~v;!.II1IlII!!be~noll!lllbeUelllllll!l!l~r ~th.aIl!!D~t!!.me .. n ••• bu~t ,1DlIIIIII!all!lvlll!lellrti.C8_1 ~dilllr~ectI_on_tolf qui b bl e is full be D e fi t san d 
T Y GR I N E R Y responaibiUty for women in exactly the same proportion as it is ,I ven to 
.1115. WALL STREE T-

LA JOLLA 
PH. ~SI..-22Iq 

VALENTINE'S SPECIAL 
15% off ALL STOCK 

FOR UCSD STUDENTS 
With 10 CARD 

Offer e?<plres Valentine's Day 

Janice's 
Hair Garden Special 

Men's Haircuts - Only $8 

Jamu's Salons: 
110 E. Washington. HillcrtSl 
197-8380 

327 Third A vt. 
Chula Vista 
416-283J 
Both Salons optn 
Mon· Fri. 9·8 SIn. 9.-6 

all hair service 
with Student 1 D 

and this ad 

Jama's Hair <iardtn_ 
1250 PrOSptct 

McKtllar Plaza. La Jolla 
m -J017 

Reg. 510 

men. This would be the simpler, 
more lo,ical thing to do. Conse-
quently it will not bappen and we 
will be hearing about year in and 
year out. 

JONATHAN SCHMIDT 

THE TREND 
DRESSY OR DRESSED UP CASUAL 

, I 'If "ET'" 
""i/,,,,,,. til ",,. .. , 

I" .. "u:,·,,· .. ",lt l '"It H;" u.u 

.... .,.00 , 
SOUTH BAY PLAZA LOMA SOUARE FASHION VALLEY 
PARKWAY PLAZA COLLEGE GROVE TOWNE CENTRE 
GAOSSMQNT CENTEA PLAZA CAMINO REAL 
LOI ... OlLU 
LOS CERRITOS WESTMINSTER PUENTE HILLS MALL 

I FOX HILLS MALL WEST COVINA GLENDALE GALLERIA 

reque t the plea ure 0/ your company · 

I 

ot 

ine Fantasy" 
Semi Formal 

on Saturday, February 18, 1978 
at the 

EI Cortez Hotel 
7th and Ash Street 

6:30 pm 

to 1.00 om 

San Diego 

Two Sep:arate Band / 
One Rock Band 

One Ballroom Band 

01 u til Feb ary J 

..... ".........., 1,1171 

This Week In Sports 
Monday Feb. 6 

Tuesday Feb. 7 

WOlDen'. Balketball v •. 
SD City College 

Vanity Basketball at 
Chapman College 

4:30 pm 

7:30 pm 

Wednesday Feb. 8 Women's Basketball at 5 pm 
SD Mesa College 

Thursday Feb. 9 Women's Tennis at Southwestern 2: 30 pm 
Friday Feb ... 10 Men's Volleyball vs. SD Evening Coil 8 pm 

Golf VI. USD/SDSU at Murietta 12 pm 
JV Basketball vs U. of San Diego 5: 30 pm 
Women's Swimming at 3: 30 pm 
Pomona-Pitzer 

Men's Swimming at Pomona-Pitzer 2 pm 
Men's Tennis at 
Cal State Long Beach 

Women's Tennis at Scripps 
2Dm 
2pm 

Saturday Feb. 11 Women's Swimming at SDSU 11: 00 am 
Men's Tennis vs Cal State Fullerton 2 pm 
Men's Rugby vs Pomona 1/2: 30 pm 
Women's Rugby at UCLA 11: 30 am 
Fencing vs. SDSU/USC 12:00 pm 
Women's Tennis at Pomona-Pitzer 10: 00 am 
Judo Team in All-Cal Tourney in LA All Day 
Baseball vs Alumni at Olsen Field 1 pm 
Track and Field in 1 pm 
Chapman Invitational 

Varsity Basketball at Cal. Baptist 8 pm 

Women's Basketball 
Determination not enough 

by Judy Walton 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's basket-
ball team put forth a strong 
showing last Friday against Cal 
State Dominguez Hills , but 
nevertheless, the game ended 
in a 68-57 defeat for the Tritons. 

In the first few minutes of 
play. Dominguez Hills cap-
tured 4 points without much 
Triton resistance., UCSD 
managed to edge past them in 6 
minutes, with a score of6.5 . But 
from there Dominguez Hills 
recovered its lead and went on 

~ 

to widen the gap to 33-21 by half-
time. 

The Tritons were particular-
ly strong at making the free 
throw points, utilizing these 
opportunities to their advan-
tage. Lia Sandoval racked up 
four points on free throws alone 
before halftime. 

The leading scorer of the 
game was Dani Grady, who 
earned the Tritons 22 points. 
Grady played consistently and 
tenaciously throughout the game. 

Sandoval, who also put fort a 
determined effort, scored 13 
points . She was helped by 
teammates Cindie Zimmer-
man and Carol Hawley, who 
scored 8 points and 6 points 
respectively . Although the 
offense seemed to work well 
together at times, the Domin-
guez Hills defense was a 
powerful match . 

According to coach Judy 
Malone, " I think part of the 
problem was that we just 
wanted to win so badly we 
tended to push too hard without 
thinking first. We had some 
trouble holding onto the ball , as 
result of nervousness. 

" But on the whole I think 
everybody played pretty well. 
They didn 't give up at all , even 
though they were greatly 
disappointed . " 

RALPH NADER 
Consumer Protedion and Corporate KeS~[)ntllbllllt'vl 
Fe ...... " 9. 1'huncIa,. 12 Noon 
MalMlnllle Audltoriwa 
General Ad ........ 53." 
FREE to UCSD Itudents, faculty and ltaff! 
(PIck up 'ree dcket .. 1 the box ofIIce. You must have a ticket 10 aet 
UC San Diqo lox ORke 
.. 51 ... 559 


