
... 

uCSaaDlelo VoIuIM 33. ,....,., 7 

Regents expand UC 
special admissions 
Board vote will only allow 100 
more In program annually 

The UC Board of Regents voted last Friday to increase the 
number of students admitted under a special admissions program 
from the current four percent to six-and-one-half percent of each 
entering freshman class, starting in Fall Quarter, 1979. 

J However, some Regents attacked the decision, which was J approved by a 13 to 5 vote, as being " inconsequential" and " a 
• charade." ! In addition, about 100 members of the Committee to Overturn 
I
" the Bakke Decision, who attended the meeting in San Francisco, 

felt the Regents' decision, which could bring 100 more minority 
students into UC by 1979, fell far short of meeting their demands 

.. ~ for more minority admissions. 
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS - Or eo yoa lDight h.\le thoaght.t Friday aight'e \I.nity lDea'e Location change 
basketball game. At the game, which the Trito .. won in. HcOnd half comelNack o\ler Cal The committee's demonstration forced the Regents to move 
Baptiet, 80-73, ee\leral hundred \lery eathaei.etic f.ae, moetly from Mair College dorme, led their meeting to another location. 
the eheen. The special admissions program allows the enrollment of ome 

Wa r re n C 0 II e h · t· t minority students from economically or educationally 9 e C r I S e n I n g S e disadvantaged backgrounds, who, while they do not have the required high school grades or test scores, arejudged to have good academic potential. 
Justice Thorgood Marshall heads speakers list In addition , the program allows the admittance of a small number of students who do not meet the academic requirements 

but are considered gifted in areas such as athletics or art. 
by Alan Russell 

Editor 
The people at Earl Warren 

College .are not taking lightly' 
Shakespeare's query of " 
"What's in a name?" 

In fact, their answer as 
evidenced by tbe official 
dedication ceremonies of Earl 
Warren Colleee this Saturday, 
seems to indicate that they 
view a name as a very import-
ant thing - at least the name of 
Earl Warren. 

Honoring the name of Earl 
Warren, three noted figures, 
Thurgood Marshall, Supreme 
Court Justice, former Califor-
nia Governor Edmund "Pat" 
Brown and two-time Pulitzer 
prize winner Anthony Lewis, 
will be on hand to christen the 

college. 
"We were lucky to get this' 

star-studded cast," said Earl 
Warren Dean Gary Frost. 
"Each man has a unique 
perspective of Warren and will 
share with us this knowledge. 
We wanted this dedication to be 
historical as well as ceremon-
ial, and toward this end we 
couldn't have done better." 

Le)Vis, who won one of his 
Pulitzers while reporting for 
the New York Times on the 
Supreme Court in 1963, will 
speak Saturday at two at the 
Medical School's Garren 
Auditorium on the topic of 
"Impact of the Warren Court 
Decisions." The public is 
invited 

The evening ceremony will 

UC hopes to clarify 
tenure ambiguities 

by Laura A. Richter 
News Editor 

At a closed committee 
session of the UCSD Academic 
Senate Friday, Assistant Vice-
president of Academic Person-
nel for the UC system Edward 
Blakeley addressed the current 
effort to clarify the expecta-
tions associated with the 
"Iecturer" title because of its 
" ambiguous" application at 
the UC campuses. 

"You can't tell the players 
without a scorecard," said 
Blakeley, using an analogy, 
"but we have both the players 
and a scorecard and we still 
can't tell who the players are." 

Presently, personal judg-
ment and flexibility are 
tolerated in the selection of 
lecturers, accordiq to Blake-
ley. "But the decision can also 
be arbitrary, and that's what 
we're tryinl to eliminate," he 
said. 

MeeUnl die I&aDdardI 
Women and minorities are 

those who suffer most by the 
lack of understanding, said 
Blakeley. The eight year rule, 
which assures security employ-
ment a fter that allotted number 
of years, Is the goal of many 
lecturers; but they are often 
unsure as to whether or not they 

are meeting the standards of 
the post. 

The problem was submitted 
for consideration to a commit-
tee by UC President David 
Saxon, who is currently 
reviewing their report. The UC 
Academic Senate will be asked 
to evaluate the proposed 
changes and the amendments, 
if any, that Saxon made to the 
report. 

While the salary scale for the 
lecturer runs parallel to that of 
a professorship, a~cording to 
Blakeley, the lecturer works 
under a different set of 
expectations, which are yet to 
be outlined . Instead of a 
teaching-research responsibi-
lity, the lecturer should have a 
heavy teaching load, develop 
new courses and teaching 
techniques, conduct seminart 
and write textbooks - "tbings 
which are beneficial to the 
department," said Blakeley. 

Tbree claulficadoaa 
Much of the difficulty in the 

eight year rule results from the 
three classifications under 
which lecturers are hired, 
Blakeley said . Recruitees 
may: fill temporary vacan-
cies; fill a uDlque teaching 
obligation, usually associated 

(Pleue 'urn 10 pale 12) 

begin at eight in the Mandeville 
Auditorium and focus on the 
figures and speakers of Mar-
shall, who served with Chief 
Justice Warren on the Supreme 
Court, and Brown, who was 
California's Attorney General 
under Warren when he was 
Governor of this state. Tickets, 
though free, are necessary for 
the event, and may be picked up 
at 302 Warren Campus. 

"This is a dedication which 
we believe will give Earl 
Warren the proper admiration 
and respect he deserves," said 
Frost. "Though we have an 
unbelievably powerful group of 
speakers, we've worked to 
avoid making it a big circus, 
but rather an event which 
brings to focus the name of Earl 
Warren." 

"Pomp and circumstance" 
will not be devoid from the 
affair, however, as seen in the 
person of UC President David 
Saxon, who is coming down 

(Please turn to page 10) 

The increase in students admitted under the program will not be 
as great as was first indicated by the Regents' vote. While the 
number of specially-admitted students is supposed to be limited to 
four percent of each entering class, last year 5.3 percent of 
entering students admitted fell under the program. 

The Regents' action, sponsored by UC President David Saxon 
and faculty leaders, could offset another board decision, made last 
November, to revise university admissions standards. 

New standards 
The new UC admissions standards place more emphasis on 

standarized test scores in the university admissions formula . 
Opponents of the new policy say this will exclude a 
disproportionate amount of minority applicants because, they 
argue, standardized tests discriminate against minorities. 

The expansion of the admissions program is experimental and 
will be evaluated by UC faculty and administrators after fi\le 
years. 

The 13 to 5 vote on Saxon's proposal followed considerable 
debate from both liberal and conservative Regents. 

First, conservative Regents tried to shoot down Saxon's 
proPosal, but failed by a 5 to 12 vote. Then, Regent Stanley 
Sheinbaum, a recent appointee of Gov. Brown, called for an 
expansion of the special admissions program to one percent 
beyond what Saxon's plan proposed. Sheinbaum's plan was 
defeated, eight to nine. 

Student Regent Michael Salerno said Saxon's proposal only 
"opened the back door" to a few minority students. Salerno called 
for a revamping of UC's regular admissions program. 

(Please wm to pale 8) 

~~~~~~~~~,need? 
Panel discusses rec needs 
by Paul Watry 

Staff Writer 
A committee has been 

formed by the physical 
education department to look 
into the question of additional 
recreational facilities at 
UCSD. 

The voting members of the 
committee, headed by Ted 
Forbes (of the P.E. depart-
ment) are comprised of- ten 
students and four administra-
tors. The objective of the 
committee, in Forbes' opin-
ion, is to have an open, frank 
and honest discUlBion about 
the need for more athletic 
facilities on camuuI. 

In an interview, Chairman 
Forbes stressed that this 
committee would not be a re-
working of the old athletic 
proposal which students 
rejected in a campus referen-
dum last year. 

(The proposal rejected last 
year was to have been built on 
the east side of Highway 5) . 

"This committee would be, 

tee concerned with student 
needs," Forbes said . " If they 
decide not to have anything, 
then O.K., we won't have 
anything." Forbes contended 
that the balance of adminis-
trators to students confirms 
this. "The students (in this 
committee) have the majority 
of the power." 

As part of the committee, 
Forbes also submitted a brief 
proposal for discusson which, 
in his words, serves only to 
"initiate discussion. II "lPs 
all up to the students, II he 
said. "As a committee they 
are going to sit down and draw 
up a 'shopping list' as to what 
they want." 

Committee representative 
Ron Bee contended, though, 
that there is a large difference 
between what students want 
and what they need . "To 
determine what students n~ 
and what they want is part of a 
difficult task," Bee said. "I 
think, offhand, that we need to 

better swimming facilities. 
Aside from that , I'm not 
convinced, myself, that we 
need much more." 

Correspondingly , Bee-
asserted that one large 
recreational center may not 

(Please tum to pale 10) 



. 1 omen·mus 
· m 1· 11 "1,.1 have choice CIS a Ive, we ~:JanUary22,l973theSupreme ~l,ki~/v~~n you f;f1i3h 

thqt -(en<e I'K ~cSt G\ 
Co,..""iSSioller of [xterna,1 

by Joel Dreyt.... Court ruled that abortion is a 
Pacific News Serviee matter of iDdividual conscience, 

Nowtbatthevictoriesofthecivilrilhtsmovementhavebecome not to be dictated by chu~ch or 
history, there is a growing fear among blacks that racism is again state. Wo~en won the lela I nlht to 
tald h "d' Am' The . I' b control theIr own bodies. /(fq jf'56r III o. m enca. . reVlVa IS seen y many as '!lore Yesterday marked the 5th 
aubtle and elusive than In the past, and thus harder to fIght, anniversary of this momentul 
because a majority of white Americans, supported by an decision. Here at UCSD, the 
influential body of intellectuals, denies that it is real. Feminist Coalition has declared 

you to 1! 
The controversy over the Bakke case and affinnative action is today, January 23, a day for all 

partly responsible for reopening the debate on race relations that people to a;le~rate, in recopition 
had been donnant since the 19608. It has also exposed, quite of ~omens nght to freedom of clea~ly, the new s0s;»histication of racial attitudes that have c~~c:ii recently, there has been a 
continued unabated smce the 1950s. relued frame of mind among those 

Joel Dreyf ..... formerly a s&aff reponer for the New York Post and 
Wasbiagton Post. is a member of PNS' Foundation-funded task 
force 01 scholars and Journall.ts on inner cities, 

" Racism is alive and well, " says Dr. Price Cobbs, a black 
psychiatrist and co-author of the best-seller Black Rage, 

"You run into good, well-motivated people who think they are 
Cair, who Ceel they have turned around from attitudes and beliefs 
they grew up with, But they continue to view blacks in a deficit 
model: ' less than', 'not as good as', 'if we could only do such-and-
such to bring them up to speed.'" 

The notion that racism is no longer a significant force in 
America is implicit in the work of Nathan Glazer, one of the 
leading intellectual champions of neo-conservatism. In his book 
AfCirmative Discrimination , Glazer announces that racism has 

who support a womens' ri,ht to 
choose abortion. Nationally and 
even here at UCSD , a vocal 
minority has called into question 
thi3 individual right and they are 
attempting to impose their own 
morality on others. We must not let 
this happen. Our celebration must 
go hand and hand with an effort to 
remain aware of these threats to 
our rights and a willingness to act 
upon our convictions. 

One easy way to help protect 
those rights on this campus is to let 
people know you support the 
existing ~licv on abortion . Writ .. " (Please tum to pale 11) 

T ...... s..",?,e(' ~n~ 1he. ~c.f'\(.C I 0(' I 

\ 
! 

I t I J 
\1 

"u 'l. o.\\o\IQys ~oUC3M I'1c.,te Co..c-jo!'> W~("e... ~o~ <PIt", ~ II 

been deCeated and calls on the courts to withdraw from the battle M re on "snake 01°1" 
for equal opportunity so " the forces of political democracy in a O 
pluralistic society can do their proper work." At· 1 d It· 't t ' 

The concept is attractive if you believe that race isnowabenign r Ie e ea In s ereo ypes 
factor. But many blacks see signs of just the opposite: signs in 
unemploym'ent and income statistics, in surveys of white racial Editor: under an obligation. Christianity. the indwelling of 
attitudes , or in the portrayal of blacks in the popular media. In a recent commentary published in the Triton Christ in believers, has absolutely nothing to do with 

" Much of what passes for benign race relations," says Dr. Cobb, Times entitled "Religion viewed as snake oil," the religion. The belief in Christ is a prerequisite for the 
,,; d f 'I f h rt f hit h author cites two encounters with Christians and indwelling of Christ . However, after the initial 

" is some A.ln 0 socIa com ort on tepa 0 w es w 0 are attempts a determination regarding the intellectual 
d I · ' th bl k Th h 't hen be acceptance , the presence of Christ within each ea IDg WI ac s . ere are many w 1 es w 0 a capacI'tl'es of those who choose to spread the good news . 

. b h d ' h 'd f h Individual builds a unity with others and the 
comfortable with blacks SOCIally utw 0 on t aveanYI eao t e of Christ Jesus . He Quickly attributes , without en,joyment of Christ nows over to those who don't 
depth and degree of their remaining negative assumptions about considering his own condition during his discussions helieve, hence the sharing of the falth . Sharing the 
people who are different. " with Christians, certain undesirable traits such as good news of Jesus Christ does not issue out of an 

The white complacency goes back to the period following the vacant e.yed, vacant brained, wasted intelligence, obligation but out of a reality within each possessor of 
death of Dr. Martin Luther King, when the Nixonian ethic of law wasted creativity, desperate leapers, suckers, Christ. The knowledie of Christ is inteUectual as well 
and order submerged the race debate. Edward C. Banfield, a gullible jerks, zombies and those who bave frazzled as experiential. Theone who believes that Christianity 
Nixon urban affairs advisor, provided an intellectual rationale for minds to not only the Ch~sti.ans he. has met, but a,lI is a set of regulations, don't smoke, drink and in 
d · missing the race issue in his 1970 book Tbe Unbeavenly City, those wh? profe~ a belief I~ Chnst: ~he author s general be a good person, suffers from a shallow I~, . ., . . . ' stereotYPIcal notIOns concermng Chnstians appear ' i f the Ch . t ' lif I ' . I f The lower class ~n~vldual hves ,1D ~~ slum and sees little or emotionally based and lack anintellectualfoundation. OPID on 0 ns Ian e. t IS sImp y a matter 0 
no reason to complam, wrote Banfleld. Features that make the My experience with those who believe in Christ is ~lr!!~/eSiding and mingling Himself with the 
slum repellent to others actually please him." diametrically opposed to that ofthe author. Hind most I find the author of the commentary lacks 

Banfield's attitude has become widespread today, according to Christians full of Life and reful,ent in ·a refreshing intellectual and experiential knowledle sufficient to 
Stanford University sociologist Seymour Martin Lipset, another way. qualify him to make such vast and generaliJed 
neo-conservative. Whenever th~ te"!l reliK:ion is used in reference to statements as he has done in his article. The Intent of 

" ... 55 percent of white Americans 
feel blacks have 'moved too fast,' in 
their struggle for equality." 

Most whites, says Lipset, " accept the reality of at least some 
racial discrimination but see black problems as stemming 
essentially from the moral failings of individuals." In other words, 
the old stereotype of the lazy and shiftless black persists. At the 
same time, fully 55 percent of white Americans feel blacks have 
" moved too fast" in their struggle for equality, accordingtoa 1977 
Harris poll. 

Syndicated columnist Bob Greene reports that the use of the 
word " nigger" has regained prominence. " The word is popping up 
more and more in polite company as well as among people who 
used it all along," he says. " It probably means that we' re on our 
way into a new cycle of racism in America ... " 

Recently, Atlanta businessman J .B. Fuqua, chief executive of 
Fuqua Industries and a friend of President Carter, exposed a 
slight variation of the neo-conservative theology. Fuqua told New 
York magazine writer Dan Dorfman that blacks are the " least 
capable of producing in today's society, You park a certain 
percentage of them - like antiquated machinery (which you 
depreciate) - and you support them through weifare ... which 
we're doing, (Blacks) say they haven't had the opportunities, but 
that doesn ' t change things. The fact is many are not 
productive .. . they're just not as skillful as the whites ... " 

The subtle message of Fuqua's not-so-subtle words is that 
racism is no longer to blame for the condition of blac.ks . Blacks are 
poor because they are incapable of being anything else, he seems 
to say. 

The complexity of this " new racism", as some have called it , 
was ci~ed in a September 1977 report by the U.S, Civil Rights 
Comm ts ion. It noted that" , .. more subtle forms of discrimination 
contil ue to materialize requiring ever more stringent 
enforcement to ensure compliance with the law." 

One ~xample of this new subtlety may be found in sports, an area 
viewed by many Americans as the greatest example of equal 
opportuDity. 

Afte~ analyzing 12 National Football League games on the three 
major t levision networks, psychologist Raymond E . Rainville of 
the State University of New York in Oneonta found that the 
annOU .lcers subjected black athletes to more negative comments 
about :~ir talents, abilities and motivation . He concluded that the 
annOI1:lcers were "building a positive reputation for white players 
and a comparatively negative reputation for black players." 

And there are other examples . Most of the dozens of black 
studies programs that sprang up in the 1960s are gone today, the 
victims ot underfundlng and general neglect. Few books or 
articles by black authors are published today, and since the 
demise of " blaxploitation" , the film industry has reverted to the 
lily-white look of the 1950s. ( Please lurn to page 9) 

people who believe 10 Chnst, such as the author has this response is not designed to intimidate or degrade 
used, I am immediately reminded Of. the definition of the writer of "Relil.ion viewed as snake oil," only to 
the word . The word refers to a partIcular system of offer a different perspective 

~eli~fs a,~d i.s stron,ly i~nu.enced by the vt;rb sTEVEN PAUL RIDDLE 
rehgare which means to blDd 10 the sense of putting Senior, FotInb Collqe 

Christianity more than faith 
Editor: Another source for those desiring We do not contend that accep-

It is a commonly held view at to rationally investigate Christian- tance of Christianity can be made 
UCSD that Christianity has little or ity can be found in the Friday night on the basis of objectivity alone. 
no relation to objective reality. meetings of Campus Crusade for The acceptance of any world view, 
Many bold that it is nothing more Christ. Just recently, Campus be it atheistic, agnostic or 
than a palliative composed Crusade for Christ radically whatever, involves some subjec-
variously of good sayings, myths altered its meeting to a c1ass·type live elements - some faith , What 
and exaggerations and is anti - format examining issues ranging we do assert is that the faith 
thetical to a serious intellectual from practical application of involved in accpeting Christianity 
mindset. Unfortunately, while Christian principles in everyday does not necessitate anti-intellec-
claiming objectivity , many life to matters concerning rational tualism,butisgroundedinrational, 
students who hold this or similar foundations of Christianity as well historical evidence. For further 
views are in fact not basing them on as comparative analyses of informationordiscussion, callusat 
objective examination but upon Christianity with other religious 270-5854. 
subjective experience. Often the and philosophical mindsets. GEORGE CHRISTISON 

JIM VanVOOREN real basis for this view is either an 
individual's bad experience (for 
example, with proselytism or 
parochial school), or simply the 
fact that it is a prevalent opinion in 
intellectual circles, and thus must 
be valid. 

We are part of a large group of 
students who do not agree with this 
viewpoint , but contend that 
Christianity is valid and will stand 
up to the test of rational investiga-
tion . We would like to challenge 
students to not be satisfied with 
opinions based upon subjective 
evidence or uncritical acceptance 
of majority viewpoints, but to 
investigate Christianity for 
themselves. Christ is recorded to 
have made specific and exclusive 
claims about Himself and His role 
in maklDg it possible for each 
person to have an intimate 
relationship with God . If these 
claims are valid, then Christianity 
has significant implications for 
every individual. Because belief in 
Christianity is based on historical 
persona,es and events, issues such 
as tbe hi sto ricity of Biblica l 
documents and the historical 
veracity of the claims of Christ can 
be examined, An excellent work on 
this subject is Josh McDowell's 
Evidence ThaI Demands a Verdict, 
which can be checked out of the 
Christian library in the Campus 
Crusade - Trident Christian 
Fellowship oWc in the Student 
Center. 

KEVIN FERRARI 

Burke owes Jews, 
Christians apology 

Editor: 
Thank you, Ted, for letting us know you were drunk during that evening 

with your Christian friends which prompted your commentary "Religion 
viewed as snake oiL " We might have erringly thought that it was an 
accurate sober description of what went on that evenilll. Of course, no 
rational person would ta ke the testimony of someone who was pickled. But 
if perchance your being drunk wasn't reason enough to cause us to toss out 
your story, surely, the glaring discrepancy of your narration i~. 

How conveniently you " don't remember now" your own "sarcastic 
remarks" to your friends while with the same stroke of your pen you 
precisely quote your friends ' remarks verbatim and accurately describe 
their every movenent with such bombutic maudlin verbiale as; " ... sbe 
slowly turned the pales of the leather bound book, honoring her sacred text 
with the soft touch of a fop sll,loothing out a crease to his pants ... " This is 
just fantastic! You don't really expect your readers to believe thl . ... do 
you? Tell us, Ted. Did you write your commentary that same drunllen 
evening? Or maybe the next morning as your head was tbrobbina? Or 
possibly after listening to Johnny Rotten and Sid Vicious for a few hours? 

In any case, Ted. your spirit cornel throulb loud and clear. Your article 
is a diatribe of personal observations and ,eneralizatlons that relembles a 
journalistic holocaust. With the stroke of your pen you have, in your 
reader's mind, exterminated forever not only Christians and Jews, but 
also all who dare to believe in God. You have ,aued them all in your 
adjectival ovens with such appellations as: ..... vacant eyed, vacant 
brained, wastes, aberratioins, suckers, gullible jerks. siJtties leftovers, 
washouts , zombies .. ... - ad infinitum - ad nauseum. 

All this merely proves that a th"'laurus can be danlerous in the wrong 
hands. Ted, you owe the Christian and Jewish community here at UCSDan 
apology. Maybe you'd better slick to reviewing the punk·rock scene: ) 
think it is more up your llll y. 

WILLIAM M. EVANS 
. 

Mond8J. J8nU8IY 23. 1171 triton times Pege3 

The Triton Times " publi.hed by UCSD students a. an ollicinl student nllWspaper. 

Three day- finals? 
Mini-finals could relieve pressure 

by Ran Anbar happy that they get to drop a suggest that finals be given 
M~aginl t:ditor . . test, and do not dwell too ~uch over three days for every class. 

I receIved a totally Im~gl- on the fact tha.t they dId do Each segment of the final will 
nary letter today, c/o the Tnton poorly on two mIdterms... cover the same material as the 

Publication is on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays during tM regular schOol year 
(except on olliclal holid.ys) . Editori" and busine" 011 ICes are l?CIted in tile Student 
Center at the Unlverelty 01 California. San Diego. For edltor',' . call 452-3466; lor 
bu.in .... nd display advertll ing . call 452-3-468. 

Le"ers to the ed itor .ndopinion columns ere welcomed. All su~missioinsshould be 
typed and double-spaced on a 6~.paC8 line. They should not axceed t'h pages in 
length. 

Submitted matertal must bear the name and stUdent Identific.ation number 01 tile 
author. Names can bewithheld from publication on request ; howeller.the names will be 
held on file for publiC Inapection. 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submission. because 01 space limitations 
or style requirements. 

Entire contents copyright 1978 tile Tr iton Times 

Free Movies 

~~ci~,~~~~ 
Membership meeting 
Place: AP&M 2313 
Time: Tuesday, Jan. 24, 7 pm 

Times! and thoughtt~atl might " Thus . everrone is more other segments - just with 
share Its c~ntents WIth you: pleased, mcludmg the profes- different approaches. ..================;;;;;;=;;;;===~ 

" Dear SIr: sor who does not have to " Students will be able to Wl'lnvite You to Celebra/e/he 
" It has come to my attention calculate as many scores as study up on problems which WEEK OF PRA YER 

t hat s.t u den t s now a day s before. . they struggled with on the first 
complam of the pressures they "When flnals week roles segment in preparation for the FOR 
h.ave to bear during examina- around,howev.er,itisaon~shot second part, It doesn' t matter CHRISTIAN UNITY 
tlOn weeks '. 1 am ~repared to deal. UsuallyfmalscompnseSO that they did not do so before. 
offer a pa~lal s,olutl?n to these perce':lt or more of the grade, All that matters is that they January 23-15. 1978 
pressures If uDlversl.ty ,protes- and 1 tap p ea r s tom any learn a fact sometime or other. ./ Un;...,,;,,· Lulh"an Church 0/1.0 10 110 
so rs would be wllltng to students,aswellasmyseif,that "Giving a final over three (9j9jl.o l~:~I~:~:a~~::~;7;::,oUCSD) 

c~per~te . the pres~ure brought about by days will t.ake the pressure off Daily Medilalions & Speakers/rom 11 noon-ll:30 pm 
It IS already a common taking hfe-or-death tests such each segment especially if the Mon. 1/ 13 Prabytcrtu/Kcforwcl Rev. Gorden H_ 

p.ractice for .profess~rs to as finals is indeed a tremendous professor offers to drop the Tues. 1/ 14 Cg rIlly, U .......... I Rev, Gsry Lucht 
dIscard the mldtenn WIth the pressure. segment with the lowest score. Wed, 1/ 15 ['''an OrttwIQI Rn. Theodore PhilU.,. 
I?west score f~om the cal~ula- "Observe, for example, the " This system eliminates 
tlOns of the fmal grade I~ a relatively high frequency rate having a 'bad day ' or blanking 
class. This method or gradmg of suicide among students out.Itallowsstudentstoexhibit,- ----~----------'" 
'has proved a great help to during final examination their knowledge in a much THE UCSD 
anxious students who fear that times. better fashion than a single t t 
they might 'blow one: "In order to alleviate the final. And it takes off the, CATHOLIC C~UNITY , 
. "The psrchol~gical ex plana- problem I suggest the follow- pressure, , 

tlOn for thts reltef is simple. If ing: " Finally, this system will not t 7 pm Tonight I 
st~dents do badl~ on one "I can see why finals should require more studying by many , "J D S .- d th ( mldtennthentheymlght~ayto be worth a large part or the students as they will have, • • a mger an e t 
themselves that they WIll be grade. A professor can only test already prepared everything t •• Q" , a ~le to make up for t~at hisstudentsthreeorfourtimes for the first segment of the test. U C Rebglous uest , 
mldtenn score by performmg per quarter and it is in the final "In hopes that you will find t _ .. _ , 

w~!1 on the others. that he often brings the course my idea useful, I am enclosing S 0 North Conference Room, " 
If stud~nts do poorly on the together. my address and will be glad to t 

second mldtenn, !llaybe even "Butthere is no law requiring answer any questions . l Student Center j 
worsethanontheflrst,theyare finals to be given on one day. I " Best regards." - ______________ _ 

Anyone can offer you a job ••••••• 
HEWLETI-PACKARD OFFERS . YOU A CAREER 

. That's right . Hewlett·Packard . renowned for high quality and innovative technology. is offering you more 
than a JOB. We're looking for talented individuals majoring in Electrical / Mechanical/Chemical Engineering. Computer Science. 
Math , Chemistry . Physics and Business Administration, What are we offering in return? An H·P Career which mean a 
diversity of opportunity across functional. technological and geographical areas. A chance to utilize your talents AND IDEAS 
to the fullest. and handle as much responsibility as possible . At H·P. we maintain a small company entrepeneurial atmosphere 
which provides a hands-on approach and a wide exposure to individual responsibility in such areas as: 

• Computers 
• Calculators 
• Electronic Instruments 
• Medicallnstruments 
• Semiconductor Components 

~ Analyticallnstruments 

Challenging career opportunities exist in R&D, sales. 
manufacturing, service, marketing, finance and personnel. 
Hewlett-Packard offers cash profit 
sharing, stock purchase plan , along with 
plenty of responsibility , career growth 
& professional challenge. 
Interested in more than just a job? 
Then we Invite you to explore an H-P 
Career by sending a resume to our 
Corporate Manager of Professional 
Recruiting, Dept, C. 1501 Page 
Mill Road, Palo Alto. CA 94303 

HEWLETT. PACKARD 



...... 

......,1~.a..,.....A ....... _......,_ .... 
..... " . .........,...., ...... . 

praented In eoopendoll ........ eRUlpUI ~ahnI EuMnp 
WATCH FOR D __ t!!! 
CARMIN MIRANDA, SIc ShICIeaa . 
FRII COKE aM.... Sl •• FKUItJ.t StaIr 
to win FREE TICKETS!! ......... Ad 

pm 
Manclnille Auditorium 
Tiekds 51.00 Box Office 

Triton Times Arts 
Costello has good "Song Sense" 

by Wlldmaa Fmller 
S&aff Writer 

If nothing else, ODe of .the 
thiqs that the Seventies have 
liven rock and roll is the 
chance for a new artist to 
regurgitate the most glaring of . 
clicbes and be considered by 
older critics who long for their 
youthful heyday (first ciga· 
rette, fint bout with sex, fint 
visit to the free clinic) as 
something in the vanguard of 
the movement, a .. .. . fresh and 
invigorating voice that outlines 
the future of rock and roll.. .", 
and so on. Bruce Springsteen 
combines elements from Phil 
Spector records, old rhythm 
and blues tracks, and basic 
rock and roU with the lyrical 
free form -ism of Dylan , 
resulting in a pastiche of styles 
that sounds forced, histrionic 
and bone dry of motivation. 
Patti Smith wants to merge 
early Sixties rock, ala Stones 
and "Louie Louie" with the 
lelends of dead poets, sounding 
in the end merely silly. Tom 
Waits combines black jazz hep 
jive with Jack Kerouac, and 
sounds stupid . From this 
parade of pretenders, the more 
jaded among us are leary of 
anyone trying the same thing. 

My Aim is True by Elvis 
Costello, takes one by surprise. 
Like Springsteen, the backbone 
01 Costello's music is old rock 
and roll . But apart from that, 
they differ radically. Spring-
steen has a tendency to stretch 
his. material to the breaking 

Roger Reynolds ' "Voice-
space ", the composer's 
acclaimed composition explor-
ing auditory space, the voice, 
and language, will be presented 
on January 29 at 8 pm in the 
UCSD Mandeville Recital Hall. 

The work, completed in 1975 
with the aid of an award from 
the National Endowment for 
the Arts, has already received 
enthusiastic responses from 

EhIie C ........ ; "My Au. .. TftM!" 
point, pouring crescendo upon toughness, and Costello's sing· 
crescendo. verse upon verse, ing, ~imilar to Springsteen's 
trying to create an epiphany but more tactful, is full of 
that never culminates into pro- bouyancy, emotion and convic-
saic glory. Costello, though, is I' ')n, without any overkill. The 
tripped down to a vernacular (Pleue lUI'll &0 pate 5) 

performances in Mexico City, Samuel Beckett's assonances 
Tokyo, Las Vegas, Illinois, and ellipses are shattered, 
Stockholm, Holland , and compressed and ignored by the 
France. Writing in the Los flexible voices on tape. Parris 
Angeles Times, William Weber summed up his review by 
remarked : .. ... the piece praising the "absorbing 
manifested a rich creativity .. . personality" of the man who 
(it) seemed to explore the very created it. 
nature ofspeech itself, probing U C S D fa cult y me m be r 
the meaning of vocal utterance Reynolds has been the recipient 
in intimate detail. One could of awards from Guuenheim, 
feel the sounds in one's own Rockefeller, Fromm, and the 
larynx as they disintegrated National Endowment. His 
into surrealistic shapes." works have been widely 

In the first part, "Still" , recorded on such lables as 
composed to a text by Cole- Nonesuch , CRI , and Main-
ridge , Reynolds magnifies stream. Not only are his works 
words spoken in the throat frequently performed here and 
region , isolating individual abroad , but he has also 
pulses and sending them organized several important 
swirling through space. Roger contemporary music events in 
Parris of the Buffalo Evening Ann Arbor, Koln, Paris, Tokyo, 
News found it "fascinating" and Southern California. 
and "a harrowing experience." Admission is free . Fo!' 

In " A Merciful Coincidence", information call: 452·3229. 

••••••••••••••••••• 
.,..R • • .....IIID' i ••• 

I· t\t:.§T~4 t()a, ., 
••• &\(j .: ~~~ ••• 
: ~~ ti~ • 
· •• ' Your _yd •• 
: LuDCh Served Mlxologlet . • 
• 11:30..... Warren Hlggln. • 
• to 1:00 p.... .. : 
• r ..... l0 •.•. 
• T."CWGeae'. ·tol.... : 
• dally ........ AIwa,.....,... • 
: DID ..... Sened ,....... oftba • 
• 5p .•. tol0p.... ... ...... Er.. : . 
• Fee............ '54-ISIS • 
• Steak.nd Seafood. • /J. • 
•• - () #If. ,!:::IiMoJ • t7' c::..;;;> • 
•••••••••• •••••••••••••••• 

.,.-r, J...., 23, 1171 triton times , .... 5 
~C~o~.t~el~lo~.-.. ------~----------------------------------------
(ConliDued from pale 4) 
songs number twelve in all on 
the disc, unusual for a rock 
disc, and each exist as polished 
lyrical gems of a cynical , 
penetrating working class 
intelligence. 

Costello's strength, a virtue 
that Springsteen, Smith and 
Waits lack, is his ability to use 
rock cliches for their full value. 
Instead of brandishing them 
like a set of museum pieces that 
one is supposed to bow to in 
historical awe and respect, 
Costello gets the heat to the 
meat. The rockability stuff is 
done with a verve that equals 
Buddy Holly, his use of reggae 
captures the required an-
guished, sinister mood, and his 
boogie material does a lot more 
than plot the course for the 
band. His lyrics, though, are 
imbued with a seventies 
sensibility, an awareness of 
a bsurdity , works minor 
miracles with the cliches. 

Though not notable for 
originality or innovation, My 
Aim Is True is an honest piece of 
work, and Elvis Costello has an 
intelligence that can develop 
into something more complex 
and rewarding. My Aim, for 
now, suffices as an excellent 
example of rock rivisionist 
traditionalism. 

Youth talent 
auditions set 

In order to select and honor 
young, talented musicians, the 
La Jolla Civic/University 
Symphony and Chorus Associa· 
tion will hold its annual Youth 
Talent Auditions on Feb. 18 and 
19 at UCSD's Mandeville 
Center. 

Those eligible must be 
residents of San Diego County 
or a student in a school in San 
Diego County. Those who have 
been for at least three moaths, 
with a teacher who is a resident 
of San Diego may also apply . 
Contestants must at least be 
high school seniors and must 
not exceed 25 years of age. 

The prize money of $525 will 
be shared by nine winners in 
t hree categories : singers , 
pianists and other instrument· 
a lists . Furthermore , the 
co nductor of the La Joila 
Ci vic / University Orchestra 
will consider one or more of the 
winners as' prospective solo-
is t(s) to appear with the 
Symphony in a subsequent 
concert. 

All who qualify are invited to 
participate in a competition 
dedicated to aiding students in 
continuing their musical 
studies as well as advancing 
and expanding the musical 
activities and interests of 
the San Diego area. 

For complete application 
instructions and requirements 
please addres the Youth Talent 
Auditions Committee, Box 987, 
Del Mar, CA 92014; or phone 
459-5678 or 755-0921. Application 
deadline is Feb. 10. 

r'·· .... ·· .... ~ .. ~··,·· ..... ·· ... ·-·· ... ·~ 
. I 

,iCOMMUNITYf 
(BLOODBANKi 
I • 
. 983lndl. , 

ncI ••• 
FOR THE LOWEST POSSIBLE RATES IN 

CAR INSURANCE ••• 

YOUAUTOK BETTER 
(To Prove Our Point, listen in to the following conversation) 

Professor: You do h.ve car Insur.nce, 
don't you? 

Student: Uh ••• Well ••• 1 •• • 
Professor: It Is the LAW, you know; all drivers 

must be Insuredl It's a Serious M.tter! 
Student: I didn't know that, but I really can't 

. afford It .nyway. 
Professor: YOU CAN'Y AFFORD NOT TO! And 

ARENA INSURANCE will help you get 
the lowest poss.lble r.te ... Any car, 
any age, you'll get preferred r.tes 
and preferred treatment at ARENA. 

Student : But Professor, my driving record 
Isn't all that great! 

Professor: Don't worry .bout It, AREN ... 
handles problem cases everyday. 

Student: ... RENA? No h.ssle 
and I'd s.ve money too! 
I'U drive over right now and .. . 

Professor: W ... IT ... MINUTE, don 't drive 
without Insurance, ... get an " ..... today 

and call ARENA. In fact, 
thev'lI come over and see you • 

It. c::!!'0und Then Call: 565· 7 446 
J-\I ~na 7071 Convoy Ct. 
I Suit. 106 nsurance San Di.go, CA. 
~ 327 F Street i j PAYSDONORS ! Near 805. 
, tor Service I Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 
I Non . • Frt. i, "iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~~';'iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii_ii~' t 233-5411 .. . 
i ~~ ( -..~ ............. _--.. ..... ~.~ ...... ,l 



...... 

MQDday 
De_=,or appIylag is February 28. 1m: State Farm Companies Foundation 

Excepticn I Student Fellowship - Twelve fellowships are available from State Farm 
for stUdell in business or business related fields such as computer science economica 
mathematics, and pre-law who have demonstrated exceptional leade~lp on th~ 
campus or in the community and who will enroll for either their aenior year of 

und~fII'sduate school or first year of Ifaduate school In Fall 1971. Applications are 
avallable from ROI8lee Kitaen, OGSR. 101 Administrative Complex. 

1-,: 15 am: Medita.uon Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation 
lnatruction provided for those who desire It. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free.' 
1:. am-l! MOIl: Last day to sign up for Muir College Advanced Writing Exam to be 

given tonight. Information at 1254 HL. Free. 
I am-5.pm: Writiq Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452-2522. 

Location. 1254 H-L. Free. 
I! aooa: Week of Prayer for Christian Unity: Rev. Gordon Hess of La Jolla 

Presbyterian C~urch. Univenlty-Community Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
I-Z pm: Meditation CeDter - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation 

Instruction provided if desired. For Info call 755-5195 after 9 pm. Free. . 
Z pm aDd 3 pm Revelle: What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences Major Do For 

You? The HIISS Career Advisor will be available to discuss options. CaU452-3490 for 
appt. 

1-5 pm: Decision Making Seminar. Student Center Complex, Bldg. B, Multipurpose 
Room. 

.4: eo pm: Hilh Energy P~ysics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Donald Stork, UCLA. Topic: 
Pion Form Factor from Plon-Electron Collision. Location: P&L 1110. 

• pm: Student Center Board meeting. Student Center A.S. Conference Room. 
7 pm: Self Defense Awareness Program: will include 3 films on self defense a 

discussion and speaker. TLH 104. Free. ' 7-' pm: J .D. Salinger and the search for meaning. North Conference Room, Student 
Center. Free. 

I pm: Israeli Folk Dancing/Focus on Israel. Muir Cafeteria . Free. 
I pm-~Z mid: The O~tback Cafe i~ a comfortable gathering place for students which 
~ffers DI.ghtly entertamment, a vanety .of refreshments , and activities that encourage 
mteractlon. Telephone 452-3092 (evemngs) for updated program infonnation. 711 
Warren Campus. Free. 

Tuesday 
6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation . 

Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 
9 am-S pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452-2522. 

Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 
12 noon: Week of Prayer for Christian Unity: Rev. Gary Lucht "Conservative 

Evangelical." University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
Noo~: Important Communications Student Union Meeting. Help develop and 

orgaruze our response to the CEP report. Communications Students' Lounge. MCC 133. 
12 DOOD-l pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Infonnational discussion ' all must 

attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located in confer~nce roorr 
at Student Health Center. 

12-2 pm: Lecture NO. 2 in "Faces of Healing" lecture series - Love's Body/Death's 
Body: an anthropological perspective of medicine. Given by Lola Ross Ph.D. TLH 107. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instructio provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

2 pm: Presentation by Lawrence O'Keefee, Director of British Information Service 
Title of Presen~atlon : "Briti~n 's Eco!,omic Prospects ." Revelle Formal Lounge. ' 

2: 00 pm: Sohd State PhYSICS Semmar. Speaker: Dr. Shlomo Alexander Hebrew 
University of Jerusalem. Topic: Scaling in Polymers. Location: AP&M 2402. 

2 and 3 pm Muir: What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences Major Do For You? 
The H&SS Career A.dvisor will be a,:aiiab.le to disc~ss option.s. Call 452-3587 for appt. 

2 pm and 3 ~m Third CoUeg~: En~meermg, PhYSICS, Chemistry, Computer Science 
and: Ma~h maJo~s: Informal diSCUSSions regarding occupational consequences of your 
major, Job huntmg and other career related concerns with counselor. Call 452-4390 for 
appt. 

4 pm: Lecture - Robert Gottlieb, author of "Thinking Big, History of the L A 
Times." Spc;>Dsored by Co~municati~ns Program. Revelle Informal Lounge. . . 

4 pm: Jomt AMES FlUid Mechamcs/Energy Center Seminar by Professor A.L. 
Ber~ad, Department of Mechanics, State University of New York at Stony Brook. 
TopIC: "Energy Conservation Measures for the Residential Sector." Urey Hall 7104. 

4-6 pm: MCAT/DAT Review Course. TLH 104. 
6: 30 Pf!1: Ope~ meet~ng of UCSD Outing Clu~ . All people interested in backpacking, 

day hiking, skI tourmg, etc . welcome. Slides and refreshments . Humanities 
Auditorium. Free. 

6: 30 pm: Union of Jewish Students meeting. Meet at the UJS office. 
7-9: 30 pm: Personal Growth Seminar. Sign up in Career Planning, Bldg. B, Student 

Center Complex. 
7-10 PI!!: Soaring Film Showings - 3 movies " Dawn Flight", "The Joy of Soaring" 

and " Fhght a Man's World" followed by membership meeting. APM 2313. Free. 
7: 30-9: 00 pm: " Women in Careers," Geraldine Rickman, Ph .D. , Management 

Consultant. International Center. 
7: 30 pm: Trident Christian Fellowship weekly meeting. Everyone welcome. Revelle 

Informal Lounge. 
. 8.~m: Atomic Cafe - A concert of new compositions by graduate composers and 

vIsIting composers. Featured will be works by Tom Bishop Mark Gulbertson 
Lawrence Czoka, Bob Goold, Richard Zvonar, and Roger Marsh. Mandeville Recita'i 
Hall. Free . 

.8 pm: ~olloquium Presentation: Stephan von Huene. Mr. von Huene will talk about 
hiS work 10 sound s<:ulptu~e and will show slides and play tapes of his past and current 
work. Currently he IS Actmg Dean, School of Arts, Cal Arts in Valencia. 408 MC. Free. 

8 JIm: Lecture: Prospects for Peace/Focus on Israel. Bldg. C, Student Center. Free. 
8 Jtm-~2 mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students which 
~ffe_·s:m.ghtly entertainment, a variety .of refreshments, and activities that encourage 
mte"actlOn. Telephone 452-3092 (evenmgs) for updated program information. 711 
Warren Campus . Free . 

9 m: Free movie - Revelle Side Door presents "Cabinet of Dr. Caligari." 

~ ~~~~~~~~ a '.tti~ fur ,i1ent ,ltting .-~tion . 
Ins:ruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

8 00 am: WCSG Commuter Board Meeting . 405 WC. 
9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452-2522 . 

Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 
Noon: Music Committee meeting. Help plan classical and jazz music concerts at 

UCSD. We need your help. Arts and Lectures Office, Bldg. B, Student Center. 
12 noon: Israeli band/Focus on Israel. Gym steps. 
12 noon: Week of Prayer for Christian Unity: Rev . Theodore Phillips, Eastern 

Orthodox. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive . 
Noon: UCSD Single P a rents Group invites all single parents to come join the 

interaction Wednesdays from noon to 1 pm in Revelle Informal Lounge on topics such 

hat's On 
A Weekly Guide 

as 38 Going on 17, Past 
Game and Single Parentin~. BrIn, a sack lunch. Lounie. 

IZ noon-I ~: Co.ntracePtIVe Education Session: Informational discussion; aU 
attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located in conference 
at Student Health Center. 

I-! pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting mE!ditaii 
Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5915 after 9 pm. Free. 

Z pm aad 3 pm Warren: What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences Major 
You? The H&SS Career Advisor will be available to diSCUIS options. Call 
appt. 

Z pm aad 3 pm Muir Col.: Engineering, Physics, Chemistry, Computer 
and Math majors: Infonnal discussions regarding occupational COIl8eqlH!OOes 
major, job hunting and other career related concerns with counselor. 
appt. 

Z: ...... : 00 JIll: Careers: Michael Hulfachor. Humanities and Social M:lenC'H 
Warren Campus. 

H: ZO pm: Urban and Rural Studies, Third College presents Urban Affairs 
Speaker: Mrs. Virna M. Canson, Regional Director, West Coast Region, 
Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) . Humanities 
Room 1438, Revelle Campus. Reception and Press Conference immediately 
the lecture. For additional information, contact Mrs. Paulette Bell at ~.-3ti~I2. 

4: 00 pm: Colloquium. Speaker: Dr. Walter Innes, National Accelerator ..... 'unr: .. 
Topic: High Mass Muon Pair Production, the Upsilon and Quarks. Location: 

K. Wally 
Koalumn 
Wisdom of the Eu-

calyptus: Love con· 

Dear carnally 
hard man Is 

near H 
that there are 
or apocryphal? 

quers all. 
-W e 11 .. . a 1m 0 s t ~~========~!~~;~9::::~Der:ar Buns, everything. But don 't promille 

worry - penicillin will Includes: aDa 
do the rest. There are aDUas&hmatic 
drugs these day s antispasmodic. 
which can cure every- antitussive, 
thing except lame My good 'rlend Henk and anodyne 
editorial judgement. psychotherapy, and 

- Respect the comic book. alcohol and opiates. 
- A bottie in front of me is better than a frontal But restrictions 

lobotomy. present time Its only 
_ Tolerate everything except intolerance and bad the conjuncUve it 

taste. pressure), in aSI:hmla l 
Education is institutionalized enforced mediOCrity. this - it C811!1e!1 
Dear K. Wally, Is there any possible future for a the bronchiolar 

triton times Pege7 

1/23-1 / 2 9 1.0 am aDd 11 am ~arren College:. Engi.neering , ~hysicS , ;stry, Computer SCience an~ M~th maJo.rs: Informal diSCUSSion regardmg occupation:]1 consequences . of your major, Job huntmg and other career related concerns with counselor. Call 452-4355 for appt. 10-12 pm: Careers: Maxine Bailey. Math , Engineering and Physical Sciences. 302 Warren College. 
Campus Events 

Health Experience Learning Program (HELP). North Conference Room 
~~~ , 

Gra~u!lte Student Council meeting. East Conference Room. Free. 
Chnstlan Fellowship Dinner (754), followed by discussion. All are welcome. 

,ver·slt]f-l)Dmmllll.lny Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
mt;etmg - important for all members (and anyone else) to attend . 

Commumty Center, Blake Hall . 
Pro.gram on Support System for Rape Victim: will include a movie and 

With women counselors . USB 2622 . Free. 
Movie: "The Man in the Glass Booth" /Focus on Israel. Mandeville 

The Outback Cafe i~ a comfortable gathering place for students which 
nii~~~~I~:~~~;~~~:::':;~~ a v anety .of refreshments, and activities that encourage 
ct 452-3092 (evenmgs) for updated program information . 711 

Camous. Free. 

hu~~day 
15 am: M~tatlon Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation 

provl~ed for ~h~se who desl~e it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free.' 
1254 ~T~~~~mc - Help With course papers. For appoint. call 452-2522 . 

professor told me 
water. Is this true 

- A Priori 
in the past has shown 

researcher'S catalog 
topical anestheUc, 
antiepileptic and 
t and tranquilizer, 

preventive 
migraine), aid to 

ease withdrawal rom 

Il is a SUrprisingly safe with no confirmed 
poisoniD,s, but some impotency and gynacomastia has 
been observed In a small number of individuals. There is 
a rumo~, howeyer, th~t this drug possesses euphorigenic 
properties, so us use IS not recommended. 

And remember: Love means Dever running out of 
eucalyptus leaves. 
Dear K. Wally Cutie, 

Could you please tell me why there are no comics in the 
TT? I love comics. 

Yours, truly , Forlorn 
Dear Forlorn, One of our sources at the TT leaked the 

information that the absence of comics was due to the 
absence of talented artists and writers. And surely the 
TT, expansive though it may be, cannot afford to pay 
royalties to the syndicated strips that abound in the more 
recognized papers. So start your own. Show the world 
that the American Dream is more than just becoming a 
hot shot disco stud on Saturday nights. Become the new 
Trudeau. 

Please send all questions to K. Wally Koalumn c/ o 
Triton Times B-016 Student Center. And please get them 
in by Thursday. Muchas Thanks . Bye. 

12 nooa: ·Biophysics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Nguyen-Huu Xuong, UCSD. Topic: 
Structural StudIes of Membrane Bound Proteins. Location: MH 3405. 

12 noon: AMES 205, Seminar No. 4, Film Series - "The Weather Machine P art II " 
7104 Urey Hall . Free. ' . 

12 noon: Israel Bazaar/Focus on Israel. Revelle Plaza. 
1-2 Pn:': Medi~ati0t:l Ce~ter - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 

InstructIOn prOVided If deSired. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 
2 pm and 3 pm Third: What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences Major Do For 

you? The H&SS Career Advisor will be available to discuss options. Call452-4390 for 
IOfo. 

2:00 pm: Plasma Physi~~ S~minar. Speaker: Dr. C. Fred Driscoll , UCSD. Topic: 
Transport to Thermal EqUIlibrium of a Pure Electron Plasma. Location: AP&M 2402. 

2-4:30 .pm:. The UC~D Job Connection Workshop: find out how your personal skills 
and motivations are directly employed in hundreds of jobs. Sign up at Career Planning 
or Revelle College Off.ice. Location: Revelle Fonnal Lounge. 

4:00 pm: .Astrophyslcs-Space Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Richard Rothschild 
UCSD. TopIC: Cygnus X-I : The Black Hole Candidate. Location: USB 2622 . ' 

5: 30 p~: ~olitjoumal meeting, general membership. new members welcome. HL 
2550, PollScl Conference Room. 

6 pm (sharp): Bicycle Maintenance class - taught by ace mechanic. Learn to fix 
your own wheels! and gears and brakes, etc. Bike Shop. Free. 

7-10 pm: Self-Hypnosis Seminar. Revelle Infonnal Lounge. 
8-11 pm: Loan Moan Spectacular in the dramatic presentation of "EI Grande de 
Coc~-Cola . " Loan Moan Spectacular takes show business at its seediest and presents a 
glonously ratty revue in a nightclub in Honduras and then plays the whole thing for one 
enonnous laugh . Mandeville Center Auditorium. Admission: UCSD students: sa 
General: $5 . . 

8 pm- ~2 mid: The O~tback Cafe i~ a comfortable gathering place for students which 
~ffers m.ghtly entertamment, a vanety of refreshments, and activities that encourage 
mteractlOn. Telephone 452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 
Warren Campus. Free. 

Friday 
• 

6-7: 15 am: Meditation Cer.ter - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

9 amoS pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452-2522. 
Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 

~O am and 11 am Revelle College: Engineering, Physics, Chemistry, Computer 
SCience an~ Ma.th majo~s : Informal discussions regarding occupational consequences 
of your major, Job huntmg and other career related concerns with counselor. Call 452-
3490 for appt. 

12-1 ~m: .Brown Bag Lunch Series - Graduate School in Microbiology. Spea ker: 
Dontlehnskl, Ph.D. Student Center Complex, Bldg. B, Multipurpose Room. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

2-4 pm: Jcb Hunting Workshop: a workshop where you ' ll learn the funda mentals of 
the job hunt, including resume writing and job interview practice. Bldg. B, Conference 
Room, Student Center Complex. 

3 pm: Philosophy Departmeut Colloquium. Professor Anita Silvers Philo ophy San 
Francisco State, "Show and Tell ." Revelle Formal Lounge. ' , 

7 pm, 9 pm and 11 pm showings: Friday Night Movies: "Collisions." Mandeville 
Auditorium. $1.25. 

7-10 ~m: "Children of Divorce and the Classroom Teacher," a UC San Diego 
ExtenSIOn course for those who deal with the problems of divorce as they a ffect 
childre~ , includin.g id~ntif~ing clues in student behaviors, helping students and parents 
cope With a new life SituatIOn, referral sources. Course continues to Saturday, Jan. 28 
from 9 am-4 pm. Course held in Room lIlA, Administrative Complex (formerly 
Matthews Campus) , UCSD . Fee: $35. (Bring a bag lunch). 

7-10 pm: " The Future of the Oceans," second half of the two weekend sessions 
presented by UC San Diego Extension dealing with political implications oftraditional 
an~ futu re uses of the. world ocean. Emphasis on alternative management schemes for 
uSI~g ocean space. Fishery management , large scale kelp farming , marine pollution , 
fUSIOn energy, weather control, military uses included. Session continues through 
Saturday , Jan. 28 from 9 am-4 pm . Sessions held in Room 110, Third Lecture Hall , Third 
College Campus, UCSD. Fee: $45 and $6 for text. (Bring a bag lunch). 

7: 30-11 pm: Chinese Student Association sponsors Chine:;e film - VE ast is Red." 
TLH 107. Free. 

Saturday 
6-7: 15 aql: Meditation Center - provides a setting for s ilent sitting meditation. 

Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 
10 am: Meet in Urey Hall parking lot at 10 am. Tour of Mission San Diegode Acala 

with emphasis on the history of the church in San Diego. Cost: 25¢ at the Mission. 
10 am: Bicycle ride. Twenty to fourty miles easy to medium pace - for everyone who 

loves cycling. Meet at the Bike Shop at 10 am . 
5 pm: Catholic Mass - foliowing mass wine and cheese and short film . University 

Community Church. 
7:30-9 pm: Warren College Naming Ceremony - speakers: Thurgood Ma rshall, 

former Governor Pat Brown , Anthony Lewis and David Saxon . Ma nde ville 
Auditorium. Free. Sponsored by Warren College . 

Sunday 
6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation . 

Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 
8: 30 am: Catholic Mass - University Community Church. 
10 am: Contemporary Lutheran Communion Service with Rev . John Huber. 

University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
10: 30 am: Catholic Mass - North Conference Room , Student Center. 
12: 03 pm: Episocpal Eucharist Mass. University-Community Church , 9595 La Jolla 

Shores Drive. 
12: 30 pm: Leave the International Center UCSD for Seaforth Sports Fishing Landing, 

1717 Quivera Road. Boat leaves at 2 pm. Whale watch. A sea tour for foreign scholars 
and their families with Friends of the International Cellter UCSD. Transportation 
provided for those who need it (from Center, promptly at 1 ' : 30) . Re ervations must be 
made by Jan . 26 with a check made out to Friends of the International Center, Q-oI8, 
UCSD, La Jolla 92093 . Prices: $5 . Adult , $4. ages 13-16, sa age 12 and under. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass - University Community Church. 
7: 30 pm-ll pm: Chinese Student Association sponsors Chillese film - " East iRed." 

TLH 107. Free. 
8 pm-12 mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for tudent which 

offers nightly entertainment, a va riety of refreshments , and activities Ih il t ncourage 
interaction . Telephone 452-3092 (ev nings) for updated program informatinn. 711 
Warren Campus. Free. 

, 

~ 



l 

L F"zI"I'ld TrItons 
SO zone stifles Cal Baptist) 

by &eve GHId 
, Edi&or 

After fa yilll to defeat Cal 
Baptist ~ Friday evening. 
UCSD's varsity basketba:1 
team must have figured 
Saturday niJbt's DOD-COnfer-
ence game ~ainst Cal State I>orniIlJue! Hills would be an 
easy wm. But instead of putting 
together back to back victories 
for the first time this season. 
the Tritons dropped a 66-65 
overtime decision to CSUDH. 

Accurate foul shooting was 
tbe key to botb game's 
outcomes as UCSD stepped to 
the charity strip 80 time in the! 

OT'ed by Toros I two contests. I' 
Andrew Maxie's free throw 

with four seconds remaining in 

1 
the five minute extra period Coach Barry Cunnin2ham 
ga ve the visitinl Toros tbe relied on seldom used stark and 

victo~. aveDliDI a 70-68 loss to Tom Omalev to put some 
UCSD 10 December. motion into the Triton offense. 

DomilllUez Hills went into a . but UCSD went six minutes 
four corner delay with 1:.s left scorinl just one point. Stark 
in overtime and almost caused, and Omalev manaled just 2 of 
a second extra ~riod as they 10 from the field but Stark bit all 
tried unsucceufUlly to work tbe six of his charity tosses to give 
ball to , .... Stan Edmonds. the the Tritons a one to three point 
lame's bilh scorer witb 24 cushion until the final 1: 25. 
points (11 of 17 from the field). Peter Volk led UCSD in 
Maxie went up for a abort jump scoring with Z2 points and Stan 
shot but Ken Stark appeared to Hopper tossed in 14 before 
get a hand on the ball. blocking fouling out with 3: 56 left in 
the shot attempt. Referee Allen overtime. Bob Frazier pulled 
Tones saw otberwise and down 11 rebounds but the 6'4" 
whistled a foul on Stark sending forward from San Diego scored 
Maxie to the line for his game only five points. all on free 
winning heroics. throws. in playing tbe entire 

Bli Lead Evaporalel game. 
UCSD ran up a big fint balf Laneen speared 

lead (21-1) and looked as if they Bradley's clutch foul shoot-
planned on sendinl the Toros ing. a tight zone defense and a 
home on the next train to noisy home crowd allowed the 
Dominguez Hills but the lead Tritons to overcome a six point 
shrank to eisbt points at halftime deficit and down Cal 
halftime (39-31) and was just Baptist in the NAIA District 
one with 14: 09 remaining in Three opener for both teams. 

regula~on plar (40-39).. The visiting Lancers. shoot-
PlaYIDg wltbout starting ing just under 60 percent from 

guard Bart Bradley, who the field in the first half relied su~fered .a t,:"isted ankle in on the outside shooting of 5'U" 
Fnday Dlgbt s game. UCSD junior guard John Gonce as 
threw the ball aw~y often and they built a ten point lead with 
had troubles gettmg the ball 10' 31 remaining. 
through Dominguez Hills' . Frazier OD tile rebound 
pressure defense i~ th~ second UCSD closed the gap to 37-31 
~alf. ~~ G~eenstem did a good at halftime on Bob Frazier's 
Job flllmg 10 for Br~dley. but strong rebounding and Oma-
picked up four first half lev's sbooting. Frazier pulled 
personals ~nd event~ally down six of his game bigh 11 
fouled out WIth 5: 43 left 10 the rebounds over a Cal Baptist 
second ball. front line which measured 6'8" . 

B-Ball team 0-2 

UNORTHODOX BUr GOOD - ... F ....... • ••• 1..,. fne 
tlarow ......... etyIe ..u 0_ of We ............ Wet Cal 
.... tW. AIo .. ~ Ide .... poIItt •• Fnda .......... ~ .. 
reIMMI·" ....... ..".. ...... . 
6'7" and 6'5". around for the good shot. The 

In the second half. Volt Tritons ran off six straight 
scored on fllayin with 17: 20 left points as Volk and Hopper took 
to pull the Tritons even for the assists from Frazier and fired 
first time since early in the in a pair of 15 footers. 
game. Hopper gave UCSD its Cal Baptist pulled within two 
first lead two minutes later on a at 62-60 on a steal and a layin by 
ten footer from the baseline but Gonce. but then Bradley. who 
Cal Baptist rallied to regain the led UCSD with 22 points. went to 
lead 46-43 with 13: 47 left. work. Listed at 6'3' but much 

Z-3 Zoae D closer to 6'0". Bradley scored 
Cunningham employed a 2-3 on a succession of fancy layups 

zone defense which forced Cal and connected six consecutive 
Baptist to take low percentage free throws to give the Tritons 
shots and had his team run a their biggest lead of the night. 
motion offense . workinJ( 7l~ with 2:56 left. 

Women drop second close game 

Available at: 

The University Bookstore 

Don't buy anything 
~ In 14K Gold 
.". till you've seen ~ 
THE OUTDOOR JEWELRY STORE 

1261 PROSPECT ST. 
LA JOLLA 

(next to Alfonso's) 
11 AM til Fogged Out - 459-4788 

REMEMBER 
VALENTI N FS DAY 

FEB~14 
~~ Heart Rings, Heart Charms, '\, 

Heart Bracelets 

by Judy Walton 
S&aff Writer 

It was a disappointing loss for 
the UCSD women's basketball 
team last Friday against La 
Verne College. as La Verne 
squeaked by the Tritons by two 
points (or a final score of 58-56. 

According to coach Judy 
Malone. "We were somewhat 
surprised by the outcome. Our 
team seemed to be the more 
polished team. I think the 
biggest problem was a lack o( 
concentration ... we just weren't 
giving our full attention to the 
game." The Tritons atone point 
in the first half had an 8-point 
lead. but lost it before halftime. 

Carol "Calvin" Hawley. the 
leading scorer of the game (17 

-

Dreams, How to work with 
your Drum life. A Seminar 
with Hugh Lynn Cayce. Or. 
Charles T. Cayce and Or. 
Herbert Puryear. Sunday. 
Feb. 5th 2 pm-lO pm Bahia 
Motor Hotel. Mission 
Room. 998 West Mission 
Bay Dr.TIckltlavaillbil at door 
tor $10.00. Studlnts wIttIlD $5.00. 
For turthlr information call 45f. 
1423. 

points) . played extremely well 
on offense. Hawley is a return 
player from last year. and 
seems to have shown much 
improvement. 

Lia Sandoval. who is new to 
the team this vear. scored 15 

points . Said Malone. "Lia 
seems to show much promise. 
and is a tremendous asset to the 
team. We can usually count on 
her (or an extra push when 
we're down by a few ooints." 

(Please tum to pale') 

Sports Calendar 
Tues. Jan. 24 JV Basketball at USIU 7 pm 

Varsity Basketball at USIU 9 pm 
Women's Basketball at Point Lorna 6: 30 pm 

Fri. Jan. 27 Women's Basketball at Cal Poly SLO 2 pm 
JV Basketball at Point Loma 6 pm 
Varsity Basketball at Point Loma 8 pm 

Fri. Jan. 27-29 Fencing Team in All-Cal Tourney All Day 
UCSD Main Gymnasium 

Fri. Jan. 27-28 Men's Tennis vs. Arizona" Arizona TBA 
State in Phoenix and Tempe 

Sat. Jan. 28-29 Men's Volleyball in Santa Barbara All Day 
Tourney at UCSB 

Surfing Team in Western Champion- All Day 
ships in Oceanside. 

Sun. Jan. 29 Women's Rugby vs. Unicorns at 11: 30 am 
Huntin on Beach 

Regents ••. 
(Continued from page 1) 

At the same meeting last Friday, flie Regents also authorized 
Saxon to draw up an outline for proposed legislation to grant 
collective bargaining rights to UC's 100.000 employees. 

Saxon said after the meeting that. even though he will work 
toward developing a collective bargaining proposal. its'provisions 
probably would prohibit binding arbitration and employee strikes. 

In addition. conservative Regents said UC - which has 
traditionally resisted any collective bargaining rights for its 
employees - should stand firm against any unionization proposal, 
even one approved by the state Legislature . 

............. 

Robert Gottlieb 
author of 

"Thinking Big: The History 
of the Los Angeles Times" 

Casino 
Nilbt 
Dealers 
Wanted 

wlll.peak Tu .. day, Jan. 24 
nme:4pm 

Place: Reve •• e Inform" Lounge 

tIr 
_1CIQIck. PIkIr, Cr ..... KInO 

Sip .. In RIc .,.. 

••••••••• 

Monder • ........, D.1m 

Girls I-bill ... 
(COndDued from pale 8) 

Laureen Colbert. Dani Grady 
and Mary Jo Speer are also 
returnees from last year's 
team. They each scored over 
four points for the Tritons. 

Other players on the team 
include Cindie Zimmerman ( .. a 
real go-getter." according to 
Malone). Carol Kastler. Marla 
RosS (the only senior on the 
team). and Lisa Yonemoto. 
AlsO Marjika ROlleveen. who 
did not play against La Verne. 
is the newest player on the 
team. So (ar this season the win-loss 
record of the team standsatO-2. 
The other loss was to Cal State 
Dominguez Hills by a frustrat-
ing score of 54-53. The women's _ 
bas ketball team has been .. 
practicing since October, and 
they have played several ore-
season games. 

triton times 

i 
% 
}' 
c 
.I 
• CI 

i 
I: 

Spring 
Break ' 
• In 
MAZATLAN 

.' '0 

, .. , 

.~.~.'''' 

.. , 

$17100 
total 

Leave March 27 5 days/4 nights 
includes hotel, deluxe dinner, special 
discount book, taxes, airfare, bay _ 
cruise and airport transfers. 

Call Now - 566-8490 

Said Malone . " The team 
defi nitely seems to have 
improved over last year 's 
team. The girls are playing well 
toge ther and seem to be 
integrating the skills learned in . 
practice into the game situa-
tion. I think a big area that we 
should devote more time to is 
getting the mental edge. which 
is at least 50 percent of every 
game." If the team continues to 
develop and improve as it bas 
been dollll. there should be 
much promise for it in the 
coming season. 

A KNEE IN TIME - C ........ t.· o.ty WiDM .. (43) me. 
• ....cc ••• t.Iy to _ .. ucso·. Petft' Volk &0.. KO ..... _ a 
~ .... Frillity ..... t· .... 73 Triaoel will. VCSD tra". to USIU 

TLC Travel 
;11'11) MIRAMAR ROAD. SU ITE ·' 0 " 

tu...1'I'GW .. Ito.- of r .... tMir NAJA Dietrkt nNe 
s.. ...... ~ nc:or4 to 2 .. . SAN DI.EGO. CAI .HOR NIA 411H • PIIONE: (7 1~ ' 5G6 .84~O 

The next game will be an 
away game at Point Loma 
College tomorrow at 6: 30 pm. 
Last year UCSD beat them 
twice. 62-39 and 84-21. 
Racism ••. 
(Continued from page 2) 

" It appears to mean that the 
American majority is nowhere 
near ready to accept blacks as 
equals - if you see television as 
a reflection of society." 

Thus while the opponents of 
affi rmative action still point to 
the co nsiderable progress 
blacks have made in the last 
two decades , blacks are 
growing ever more concerned 
that whites have made little 
progress in their r acial 
attitudes. and that the "new 
racism" will spread and affect 
opportunities for blacks and 
other minorities. 

Dr. Faustine C. Jones of 
Harvard University studied 
changes in racial altitudes 
between 1969 and 1975 and 
concluded: "Black Americans 

f~el that a significant propor-
tIOn of the white population has 
shifted priorities from elimi-
nating the vestiges of racial 
discrimination as the major 
goal of this society to reviving 
feelings that blacks have had as 
much help as they need or 
deserve." 

She adds: "The feeling is that 
blacks cannot afford to let this 
happen again. If you under-
stand history . you don ' t sit 
around and let history repeat 
Itself. .. 

~\. ., 

PRECISION cunlNG 
SIONCARE 

JULUET MANICURING 

A COllI ..... Redkn Salon 

3151 Hoi .... , Ct. 
. Right by ......... VIII .. In. 

School at any level means reading ... lots of it. Keeping up With 
thousands of pages can take a heavy toll in time and energy. and 
grades . If you ' re typical , you read 150 to 350 words a minute. But 
how do you get ahead of the rest? 

Evelr.n Wood can triple your 
read ng rate and improve your 
comprehension and study skills. 
Hundreds of thousands of students use the Reading DynamiCs 
Method. They find reading less of a chore. Concentration and 
retention improve. which can lead to better grades. A competi-
tive edge is important . .. too important for you to delay. 

Prove It to yourself today! 
Whether you 're thinking of grad school or the job market . or if 
you want to keep up with course reading today. let Evelyn Wood 
Reading Dynamics give you a competitive edge. 
In fact Evelyn Wood guarantees that you w ill triple your reading 
rate if you follow the course correctly. or your full tuition 
refunded. That's our competitive edge. 

AHendafree 
Evelyn Wood Mini-Lesson" at: 

***{SPECIAL INVITATION TO: UCSD 
STUDENTS, FACUL TV, STAFF.)*** 

SAN DIEGO STATE .UNIVERSITY: 
A~TEC CENTER-ROOMS KAND N 
DAIL Y: January 25, 26, 27 - Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. 
TIMES: 12 noon, 2:00 pm, 7:00 pm. 

$100.00 STUDENT DISCOUNT - CAMPUS CLASS ONLY. 
PLUS ' 

RAFFLE FOR A FREE SCHOLARSHIP. 

41I-06I0 fIt'I 

-

',!,::.:' W Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics • 
~. ::~n:'~=:~:~~o :JJ '--_.....;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;._T_h_._C_0..l., m_p_e_tl_tl_v_._E_d...,;9=-._. _______ · __ ~:.~:!..:.::::.:=:=~=:.=_.....:._' 



l 

..... 10 

., .............................. ~ .............................. ,.,. 

· Un~ergraduates Needed 
. as Math Graders 
I ($3.94/hour) 

Applicants must be registered students, have 
an overall college GPA of 3.0 or better (and 
have an established UCSD GPA), and have 
good grades in Math 2A, B, C, D, or E or any 
upper division Math courses. iLpplications are 
available on the top floor of AP&M. Students • 
will be considered on a first come first serve: 
basis. Selected graders will be contacted early: 
in the quarter. : 
STUDENTS WHO HAVE GRADED ~ 
BEFORE MUST APPLY AGAIN AT: 
THIS TIME. : 

z··········· ....••••....•.•....•..••••.•.•..•••••.•..•..••..•.•• 2 

Muir Coilli' would lik. to thank the followinl 
companies:. 

-The Multi Mart 
Pacific Beach 

-San Diego Home Furnishings Mart 
San Dillo 

-Renick Bjorklund Graff, Inc. 
La Mesa 

For their .... donations to ''Clouds Rest" "Clouds Rat," 
the new Muir Commuter Student Launp, wiH have a GIWIJ 
OPEI_ CElEBRATIOfI Wed., Jan. 25th at 1:00.1111 new Iounp 
is IocitId in the Lower Muir Commons near Pap One. EYlfYOfII 
is welcomel . 

. 

Finalists chosen for Park plan 
Student Regent post bl~r=:~1 

Two IItudents from UCLA and 
one from UC Berkeley were 
picked last week by the Student 
Body Presidents ' Council 
(SBPe) as the three rfnalist 
candidates for the 1978-79 UC 
Student Regent position. 

Berkeley graduate student 
Jeff Koon and UCLA under-
graduates Glen Smith and 
Renee Turkell were selected by 
the SBPC from a file of 
candidates picked by two 
regional committees last 
month. 

The final decision for the next 
Student Regent rests with the 
full Board of Regents, which 
will make its choice at its Feb. 
i7 meeting in Los Angeles. 

Ree Center ••• 
Continued from page 1) 
be needed . " Recreational 
facilities would be better off 
being built on a college level. 
We need to look at alterna-
tives to building a 50 meter 
swimming pool which would ' 
cost over a million dollars to 
build. Ifl were a Third College 
student, I would be angry that 
there are no athletic facilities 
being developed over there." 

Bee also expressed concern 
over the funding of large 
recreational facilities. " The 
only way anything is going to 
be paid for is through student 
registration fees." 

According to the report 
submitted by Forbes. state or 
federal financing would 
probably be unavailable at 
this time to support such a 

~reational center. 

The three candidates " were 
chosen because of their in-
depth knowledge of university 
issues, their commitment to 
higher education and their 
ability to articulate their 
views ," SBPC Chairman 
Claude Ruibal said. " Each has 
extensive experience in student 
governance and academic 
decision-making. The SBPC 
has complete confidence in all 
three. " 

After the Regents make their 
decision , the student they 
choose will begin serving 
immediately as Student 
Regent-designate, until July I , 
when the student will become a 
full voting board member, for a 
one-year term. 

The person chosen by the 
Regents will become the fourth 
Student Regent selected since 
the position was established on 
the recommendation of Califor-
nia voters iu the 1974 election. 

Warren ••• 
(Continued from pale 1) 
from Sacramento for the event 
to •. officially accept the naminJ( 
of the college (which had 
the former appelation of 
'Fourth' ) ." 

Those in attendance at the 
ceremony will include some 
members of the Earl Warren 
family , including bis wife , 
Nina, daughter, Nina Warren 
Brien, and son, Sacramento 
Judge Earl Warren Jr. Chance-
llor McElroy arid other UCSD 
officials will also be on hand, as 
well as local notables. 

Frost hopes for a large 
student turnout, and said that, 
.. At the least everyone will 

The Los Penasquitos 
Regional Park development 
issue will come before the 
City Council at 2 pm tomor-
row. 

The council was formerly 
scheduled to consider the 
land use controversy last 
Dec . 20 . Although 150 
persons attended the meet-
109, the item was held at 
Mayor Wilson's request. 
Wilson was unable to attend 
the hearing due to illness. 

The Los Penasquitos 
Canyon is the last undevel-
oped coastal canyon in urban 
Southern California. Penas-
quitos Inc., owned by the 
Teamsters Union Pension 
Fund, plans to develop an 
extensive residential com-
munity in the canyon which 
is presently designated as a 
regional park in the 1973 
Open Space Element of the 
City's General Plan. 

have the opportunity to hear 
some interesting people talkin@: 
about im~rtant things." He 
admitted that some students 
aren't pleased with the name of 
Earl Warren Colle,e, but said, 
" It's not a matter of beinl pro 
or con Earl Warren, but more 
the fact that they juat didn't 
want the name changed from 
·Fourth· ... 

At any rate, Frost hilJllelf 
believes that Warren students 
should take pride in the name 
and said, "We named It (the 
college) after someone WI! 
could be proud of rather than 
somebody who could write a big 
check." 

We're all the bank 
a student needs. 

I , 

If you're looking for the bank that can do the most for you, chances 
are you'll be looking into Bank of America. 

We offer a complete range of basic student banking services: 
College Plan " Checking. Personal Choice Savings Plans, and if you 
qualify, Student BankAmericard · Visa ~ overdraft protection. 
and more. 

Induding Consumer Information Reports to provipe you with 
the kind of straight·to·the·point facts you need to know about 
banking. establishing credit, financing an education, and many 
. other subjects. 

Our Reports cover a range of topiCS. And you can pick up your 
copies free at anyone of our branches. Without obligation. 

BAN~ OF AMERICA NT&SA MEMBER FOIC 

You see, quite frankly, we want to be your bank. But we know 
it's not what we want that matters. What matters is what you want. 
And that's why we're hoping we can help you learn more 
about banking. 

We figure the more you know about it. the more you're going 
to want to bank with the bank that can do you the most good, both 
in school and after. 

Quite a few Californians think that's us. If you look into it 
thoroughly enough, we think you'll agree. 
Depend on .... More C~lifornia coUege .tudenu do . 

BANKOF AMERICA 1ft 

.. .."...., 23,1171 
-triton times P8ge11 

tt classifieds Su,U'" GT $H"~ Pnmo bik • ..",ly _ or 1>0.1 oner Mu t IlIOOtI Call Bill al 453-0144 ( 1123 1 1t12 ToyoUi orona Mark II , Automatic. A\1 / FM , Tra ilet Hitch 11700 7S5-n19 (1 / 23 ) 117. YAM""A DTI~ ENDURO Brand new. , "II under warra nLY . "10 m IIe.l ln5 or best offe r J on452 
1196% 1I1:l!i1 

1 P Ol lt JOn! Avud .. ble HuH -lime ' -S M· F ) 
I } Mec han lca I En.t neer t M a naler Tr a inee. 
SUpen'lk depll worklnlon mecb. enl proJec tt 
SSM t:: requlr 2) DI,itdl € nluJeer-work on Gel leD. 
lest or ull r~ JOnir ka n convertors Should be: 
ra miharw/di&pla YI. BS':Epref or exp Sll OOO 'yr 
3, Electncal EnlJnetr'<k- lin. tell a uto l'lrcui t ry 
IhteN N~ed be ra-mi lla r wfcom puten .. proa 
$11 OOOI'l r CaU Jlm Burl,y 43I-919Jorre, ume .155 
EI ~mlno Real Carl bad 1J'20011 (l/!31 c:1.I\SS1 FlED Abs 

SI_ r.le: ......... _ . 
Non-~ rale: II . ,.... •• ~­
Looll<f_"': ._ .... Inl_ .... 
Ad r ..... __ W'-' for s.Io. Tr ..... 

1I ... ia,. S ..... ft. _. _ t-ol< f_. 
V_ ... ..., .... _-_ .. _· 

.... lhorHia_ ... __ .. iallll'elliftby 
r pm _ ~ .. y.ron- \.r" lIl • .,.,e .... 

on.,.. -. lor .... ria_iIIr4 ~ .... 
."""U 3 .. ,"n 

personals 
AVphc.t .... lor BIoWIY In. " ProbIemo in Marine 
DlOktlY." to be liven aprina qualUr /ill Bode.a Bay 
Marine Laboratory. are now beiac 8CC'rpted T~ 
lVUI"se: lhll yt.r involves a 'ull·time quaner of 
let'tuteS and iodepeadeDt reH/ilrch Of! lhe topic or 
rredbtor pre)! relationshIps in rnanne oreani rna 
Courses In invertebrate IOOIOCY. m...rine bioloay 
.lnd NOlotY .Ire desirable backaround but are not 
euenual AddtlWftaI b1lonnahon nd apphc.uloo 
form a re I vailab6e (rom Mary Lou, 2130 Sonner 
Hall Application deadline J a nuary 27. CJl23) 
optometry Club .....,unl Wed. 7.30 pm E. t 
Confl'rence Room 

Heetv.-ood MtK' In concert at the Outback Care 
Performance on videotape. I : 00 pm to 1% midntlbt 
OutbaCk 111 Warn:n C .. mpU3 4$2-3092 (1 / 23) 

Third Encounters or the JeWish Kjnd-F~ 17- 19, 
Id),lhlt'ild }~or mo~ Inlo call Jt:fr al.t5J-u5' (1 123, 

'wil t are InteresLed in the CODLenLl o(Santana's Lotus 
.,loo m U ) 'QU r are to enlig.hlen us call Dave4S3-i761 
Hl231 

IIEH Su preme Court- Thanks for eivln' m~ ri,hll 
over m )' bod)' flnally ··· YEH L.::GALIZED 
ABORTION' I! 111231 

A~ ),OU an expenenced HORSEBACK RIDER " 
\\,nt learn 10 play POLO? C.II Beth 411 1567 by 
S:Jlurdl:lY ~ 1/271 

Jan 4!2 IS the 5th annjyersary of leeal rieh to 
aooruon-u day ror all women to CELEBRATE' 
11/231 

G~ It'S mce to IUlUW at III c.-n continu~ I('hool ill 
let P G I prrgn a nl) --- VEH LEGALIZED 
ABORTION" 111%31 

Ulah Mike how does UCSD COmpiirfW/SUSC. Wile! 
meet w/ U at O-JaJ FOiler F~Je orSOONER Oana 
B. 4174 JI /231 

Tuppy. Tupp)' You're m)' IilUe tupperwaff. (1 / 231 

housinl 
VERY CHARMING FURNISHED 1_ U 
Jollo Hilla .iew home to abare willi y_ Gennan 
,"I. 1II.1e1l ...... _ red. _ piua 1IIl1l1ieo. 
PleaJe call berore , 1m ... after. pm, Home: ... 
24 ... ... _ : _U74. J ..... (lial 

Wlnted. QYie1. Female roommate to share 2-bdrm 
&pt. IaClairmoet near bus IiDe. OWn bdrm 11115 571 -
_ . (11171 

UDlum Solana 8cb 2 br ror I'f'nt Oen, 21, blh . view. 
ReIer, __ her. dryer included Pool It tennl.l Ask 
lor Bob IUl/mo. 755-1151 flba, 

RESEARCH PAPERS - Thousand> on 1iI< S2 ~ 
per page Orilmal re arch iillO available Send 
1100 'or eatalo, NATIONAL RESEARCH 1_ 
Wilshire 00 214 LA 10024. C%J31 479-1096 13/ 171 

For advanced skat .. boarders onlyt flber- f~x 
8o~rd . power pa w -.-~I., tnu ler truclu. bfilnd 
MW , on,mal C05lM. yours for on ly 160 Al lO lOpOr 
the line , Ze nith !.lIe,ro quadls Le reo Iy' tern . 
AM / FM t--track. turntable V Allegro pea leers 
Excellent rorwhuon 1 yr new. OriClnal COlt $900 

travel 
for Spnna Break In M azaUa n or any other travel 
~ call TLC Trtlvel S6i-tf9O OI27J 

Wanted roommate' tw Mulf 1ft Del Mar own room 
I"; bll.O bch. II4%/mo CsIl4ll1-1r.18 (lIll l -

PROfESSIONAL THESIS / MAN USCRIPT 
TYPING F.llpe,..~ I"IC'f'd , thoroughly lamlha r v.Jth 
a ll rorm £I s l)'le requlremenll Ru sh jobs act"epted 
IBM COHt'Cting Selectn c II lypewnlt.'1'" Day 5&6-
3311 , eve 561-2947 16/ 91 

TVPINC - Mardyn ..... ould like to fulfill your IYPInI 
needs - expert . reasonable. has IBM . Ca ll 270-67%1 

u k,"g S* or belt W · 2 (1125) BOOK 0:-1 CA MPUS Europe. HawaII and N .... 
York Charter FhJhts CI££Stude nt T.-ave! t udent 

Women'l Calendars on sa le at the Women', Center Center 8 Q2l Open .... eekdays 12-4 Call 452..fI63O 
lor only $4 50 Ilbc reened and hand li ned by the ('111) 

Wanted. One remale to Iha re home in La Jolla (Bird 
Rot'II1 with 3 other .. oriunl Itude-DU. Own room. 
J IIZ.stl mo. Sian Feb. 13 ("'1Ol.1 C.1I4~ ·SI79. or 
see l.'1nn at 1T office (1 /38) 

services 
Typin,. edtt'n • . correct ions, re ·wrlles 8 A 
Enehsh 753-3935 8.irbara 41/ 25) 

K CNC·FU. OW rom llng classes on campus In one 
or the most popular style. C.-II Gaspar " 14'1. 1075 
11 /%71 

NEED A TYPIST- Reasonable ra tes SPEEDY 
SERVICE. IBM .. 'I.., ........ lIn& K. thle 276-9299 
a lle r J2 00 noon C3l 17 ) 

Call1ope 'J CoHee Hous~ &: Intern a tion a l lo lk 
daneln« 29'l'1 Me ade A\ e North Park F'orln'o 234-
9* ilIZS) 

LEARN SPANISII 

12ml for sale 
GUitar Ma rtm like new $900. offer bicycle Schwinn 
IO-I peed Illen $75 747·5160. 41 /%:;) 
"m an ()r"pha~ pair 01 S .. n Marcos s k.i booLS, slze7 
meG, lor $50 In ex cond Ca ll Casey .53-3310 4 ,nro 
(1/2.'11 

GQOd as new Shenk '. ra lculu co t OVe-( $22 00 sell 
for 114 .00 call 452..0926 t' vemngs 11 / 27, 

Pmto wagon 1973 65000 miles " peed roor rack ne .... 
ballery body a nd mf(h exc. rond d 187e\.'e 454·45fiO 
IIID , 

. ..... '-" ....... 1 , • .,.. rr .. n_ .... _.. • .......... • •• 

a rt l51 O/%S) 
71 Buic k Skyla rk 350 V' Air . rad iO, powu s teenna. 
d ea n inside, low miles, $2500 or best Mlles4S3--75'. 
liI%3 ) 

wanted 
Cash paid ror COinS. c las, rlnel . jewelry, denta l 
l old . te-rhn g and PI"!' J US !i;llver COUll Ken 
755-1371 12/ 1) 
Ea mS SubJecuneeded'or JJSychex pen~nt Men 
21-40 Please call 4S2-430.5 between 2-4 pm (l /Z7) 

Volunteen needed mornings at Los Nlnos Center 
Excellen t opportUnlt)' to laIR expen~n(·t! wllh 
auusuc child ren Call Ch r iS at 263~1l1 • 30-4 
(11%3) 

Lost & Found 
Found. Soh contact lens Incase a t bus~stopal Mesa 
ClaIm at 11 offi ce 

Found Tape reco rder PIe L 1110 Oescnbe at T r lwn 
T imes OUlce 
Found PaIr or Iceys and pen In women's restroom 
APM 2722 Claim 01 n ollice 

."oond ~hlnd Central Library - black " \Alhlte 
puppy with collar Pleiiil5e call " uie-nUfy 4~~149J 
1/'7171 11 1231 
Lost Jan 16 )ello .... history noleboOk taken (rom 
MUir HSS m~n s room Please return 10 TrJlon 
Times office 

(f you really want to Jearn SpaniJh quickly, rluently 
and correctly. and If ),OU have the cour311e dod 
s .... mina lor interuuve and disciplined I ludy. come-
ror al ~.a5t one month to Cuemavaca unauaae 
School. Firstmonth 1300. Followinc rour WH~ S200 
Private tutor available at $l5O ror 50 hours Details: 
A PIX) , tao Cuernavaca. Mexico ('lie ) JAN. 24 (3:00) READING and -:--"'. "":=::"-~~~~~ 
Profess toniiill T ypln, . Reii l on .. ble R .. l~ HiM 
Correcting Sf.&ectnc Cil il for Free Estimate Gai l 
4I1 ·1S4O 16191 

Typml-eeifcvrT\!CllnI IBM selrclnc term pape .... 
lhesei fie upt'ne nct"d 4Sf· I511 eveninll (6/ It) 
TYPING! IBM Selectric term papel"l.lheSCI. PhD. 
diuenationa, ediUncs RUSH JOBS · Ul.(llS6, 5060-
JJ7I. 2_. W -15II16I'1 
Abortion ... 
(Continued from page 2) 
short note to Vice-chancellor Hunt 
(mail code B-0(3) or Chancellor 
McElroy (Q-OOS) to let them know 
that there are people who believe in 
a woman's ri&ht to choose. 

THE FEMINIST COALITION 

SaftCantlct 
l_lnvlltlptlan 

Patients needed for new soft contact 
lens investigation. Service charge 
for mater"'s only. 

555112 Tuesdays & Thursdays. 

JAN. 25 (1 :00) NOTE-MAKING 
7?f1~ ~@~'i? .~ .. ; 

JAN. 31 (3:00) MID-TERM ~ ,fi3 ' 
FEB. 1 (1 :00) PREPARATION ~ ~~. 
FEB. 7 (3:00) WRITING 
FEB. 8 (1 :00) 

MakIng your hair healthy Is our way of making your hair 
beautiful. We combine professional direction, dedicated at-
tention and effective products to achieve remarkable results. 

During the past several years the simple "PH Story" has been told over 
and over . Besides preserving nature's Acid Mantle of 4 .5-5.5 ph , 
shampoo must contain NUCLEOPRO'FEINS DNA and RNA. These 
essential building blocks in the polypeptide chain repair damaged protein 
in the same ratio from which it is naturally depleted from the hair!! A full 
complement of amino acids, vitamins, minerals, enzymes andcoen-
zymes hydrolized to the correct size and weight penetrate the hair shaft 
and are utilized by the NUCLEOPROTEINS to reconstruct hair damage. 
Deficient moisture must be replaced yet excessive moisture must be 
repeUed in maintaining proper protective balance. 

All these hair-health conscious .alons In the UCSD area feature 
KMS Profesalonal Hair Care Products. Scientific permanent 
waving, color blending and great cuts are featured at the 
foUowlng KMS Hair Health Centers: 



,...11 

'Aw"eness 
weeks for 

rap~ set 
"It's always time for 

awareness," summarizes the 
Rape Task Force's philosophy 
in staging Rape Awareness 
Week, which begins today. 

In an attempt to avoid 
crowding too many activities 
into one week, the Task Force 
has spread its program over 
three weeks. 

Today the Awareness Week 
kicks off with several short 
films about self-defense, 
followed by a discussion with a 
campus police woman, reports 
a pre-Awareness Week publica-
tion. 

Plans for the week include 
movies, discussions, lectures 
and on February 3rd, a self-
defense workshop at the Gym. 

The Rape Task Force states 
its goals have been "to educate 
and to assist in prevention of 
rape, and to act as a referral 
group for those who wish 
counseling or additional 
information " 

Blakeley ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
with ethnic studies in .• a 
programatic focus"; or teach 
as a test to see if they should be 
placed on the faculty, because 
of a qualification deficiency, 
such as lack of publications. 
"Enormous confusion arises as 
to who gains permanent 
employment under the title," 
Blakeley said. 

Blakeley added that faculty 
salaries , the abolition of 
mandatory retirement and the 
consulting policy, which refers 
to faculty members who pursue 
outside paid activities on 
university time, are the other 
prominent issues facing 
academic personnel in the UC 
system. 

llRtSSY OR DRESSED UP CASUAL 

--
SOUTH aAY I'I.AZA LeMA SOUAAE FASHION VALLEY 
PAAKWAY I'I.AZA COLLEGE GAO\IE TOWNE CENTAE 
GAOSSMONT CENTEA I'I.AZA CAMINO AEAL 
Loa MQIlLU 
LOS CEAAITOS WEST.INITEA PUENTE HILLS MALL 
FOX HILLS MALL IWST COIiINA GLENDALE GALLE"IA 

Dancing will kick 
off Israeli week 
Israel Awareness Week 

begins today with Israeli 
dancing in the Muir cafeteria, 
to be followed by lectures, 
music and a bazaar later this 
week. 

"Israel Awareness Week is 
relevant not only to Jews - it's 
open to all students," explained 
Iric Fischbein, a leader of the 
Israel Action Committee which 
is sponsoring the week. "It's 
amazing how much people hear 
about a country about the size 
of New Jersey. Many think 
Israel is the size of Texas or 
Utah." 

"Israel has a lot to offer to the 

Arab states and vice-versa," he 
said. "A lot of people are afraid 
of bombs and they want to know 
about that. But the country is 
safe. People look out for each 
other." 

Highlighting the Awareness 
Week will be a Tuesday lecture 
regarding "Prospects (o~ 
Peace in the Midale "East," ap 
Israeli band to play at noon on 
Wednesday, an Israeli bazaar 
to take place on the Revelle 
Plaza on Thursday and a 
lecture on "Israel in Perspec-
tive" to conclude the week on 
Friday. 

......,.-1...-,11.117. 

A Nul war-c ....... oa trW ia larael ... tlte plot for uN. ill 
t ... G ... Boot •. " 

FOCUS 
ON 

ISRAEL 
A Week of Isra.el Awareness 

January 23-27, 1978 
MONDAY: 

ISRAELI· DANCING 
Featuring world reJ.lowned choreographer 

Schlomo Bachar 
in MUIR CAFETERIA, 8 .p.m. 

Admission FREE! Refreshments! 

TUESDAr: 
Lecture: "Prospects for 
Peace in the Middle East" 

Student Center, Bldg. C 8 .p.m. 
Refreshments 

WEDNESDAY: 
ISRAELI BANDI 

on GYM STEPS: Noon 
Movie: 
"Man in the Glass Booth" 

Mandeville Auditorium 
7:30 p.m. $1.00 

T1CUTI AVA. UU .. _I ~ 

• 

THURSDAY.· 
ISRAEL BAZAAR. 

on REVELLE PLAZA 
Falafel, Israeli food, 
and belly dancing. 
Israeli dancing, too 

Noon 

FRIDAY: 
Lecture: 

"Israel in Perspective" 
Student Center, Bldg. C 6 p.m. 

Presented by 
Union of Jewish Students 

and 
Israel Action Committee 

of UCSD 

. FOR MORE INFO CALL 412-EDNA 
or ASUCSD AT 412 4410. 

Celebrate Israel's 30th Anniversary 


