
UC"Dlelo 

rr ....... : llic:lllnlyolwm 

Volume 33, Number t 

UCSD loses grant 
for biohazardous 
research center 

by Reed Alpert 
Associate News Editor 

UCSD has lost a $403,000 grant from the National Center Cancer 
Institute (NCI) that would have gone to build a containment 
facility for biohazardou~ research in the fourth floor of the new 
Medical Teaching Facility (MIF) . 

According to Dr. Lee Henderson, the principal investigator for 
the grant, "It was a matter of the application being somewhat 
premature." 

The concept of the facility given to the National Institute of 
Health (NIH, of which the NCI is a division), according to 
Henderson, was as a " campus resource to be used by anybody who 
was doing an experiment that the Chancellor's Special Biohazards 
Committee (CSBC) felt needed containment. " 

A place to call home. The new Muir "Cloud'e Reet" Commuter Lounge • located in the Lower 

The NIH, however, wanted to know specifically how the space 
would be used, who would be conducting research there, and what 
the research would be. 

P3 level Muir Common •. 

Commuters' 
home away 
from home 

by Andy Schneider 
Associate News Editor 

" Up until now commuters 
didn 't have a place to go in 
between their classes. Thev 
had no place to call their own," 
said Muir student Jeff Rice. as 
the ribbon was cut to open the 
new Muir Commuter Lounge, 
which he helped to organize. 

In the inau~ural ceremony. 
Rice explained that the name 
"Cloud's Rest" for the lounge 
represents the concept for the 
space. "It combines a feeling of 
comfort with an aspect of John 
Muir's life. He explored the 
wilderness area of Yosemite 
and called the highest peak his 
own Cloud's Rest. 

Over the last se.veral months, 
an area once used for pinball 
machines has been converted 
into a living room, now waiting 
to be used by commuter 
students. 

There are couches in a 
conversation group, a table 
area for work or lunches, and a 
quiet room with carrels for 
study. A large mountain mural, 
painted by last year's orienta-
tion leaders, serves as a 
symbolic backdrop. 

Rice refers to the' room as a 
"c ommunity effort. The 
Col\e~e Council. Muir Business 
Office, the college maintenance 
crew and the UCSD Purchasing 
Office all donated ' their time 
and help." 

Dean Jim Beckley, who 
presented the christening 
keynote, pointed out that 
"something special has been 
done here for commuter 
tudents by other students who 

care. Students can take full 
credit for their organized 
effort. " 

He also added that the room 
had been donated ten years ago 
by the Mandeville family with 
hopes that "in time students 
Would find its most appropriate 
u e." 

Programs sponsored for 
commuters as a part of Cloud's 
Rest will be supported by Muir 
Activities Coordinator Bobbie 
Gray. Rice indicated that "all 
along the way Bobbie gave us 
her ideas and suggestions. We 
know she'll be there to help 

loud ' s Rest work to serve 
tUdents. " 

Conrad's artwork on 
display at Mandeville 

The facility would have been capable of containing P3 level 
research. P3 refers to the NIH guidelines for recombinant DNA 
research that consist of four levels of containment: PI - minimal 
containment; P2 - low level of containment; P3 - moderate 
level; and P4 - high level. There are about 60 P3 facilities in the 
country and only a few P4 facilities . 

The campus did, however, receive a $167,000 grant for two P3 
level recombinant DNA labs, one on the fourth floor of Bonner 
Hall and the other on the fifth floor of the Biology Building. Dr. 
Harold Simon, executive secretary of the CSBC, said the two labs 
should be operational by July, 1978. 

by Mikf> I\lIen 
Stall Writer 

The Mandeville Art Gallery 
has opened the winter quarter 
with a showing of original 
political drawings by Paul 
Conrad. ~ 

Conrad, whose cartoons 
appear regularly on the 
editorial pages of the Los 
Angeles Times and its syndi-
cates, donated almost four 
hundred of his originals to 
UCSD. One hundred and fifty of 
these are currently on display 
in the Gallery. 

The distinctive style and 
often controversial liberal 
stance of Conrad has made him 
one of the most renowned and 
recognized political cartoon-
ists, winning him two Pulitzer 
Prizes in the process 

Displaying works that span 
more than 10 years of political 
and social commentary, one 
sees that the Nixon era is 
Conrad's biggest target. Both 
individuals and government 
bureaucracies are satirically 
portrayed, with politicians, 
particularly Nixon, command-
ing much of Conrad's attention. 
The growth of both Nixon and 
Conrad is especially well 
presented in a separate display 
of four pieces, on loan to the 
Gallery from Conrad's own 
collection. 

Many concerns 
Conrad's art, and often 

poignantly liberal style, span 
many concerns, including the 
deterioration of the environ-
ment, energy crisis and 
women's roles. In recent years 
abortion has bec~me one of 
Conrad's primary targets, with 
his strong anti-abortion 
opinions causing considerable 
notoriety. 

Conrad's satire also comes in 
large part from society, with 
his contemporary pen putting 
popular social phenomenon 
Into an abstract context. 
Advertising campaiJ(ns and 
slogans, TV shows and movies, 
are all employed as frame-
works in which Conrad paints 
his commentaries. 

Conrad ' s work is often 
heralded as being a vanguard 
of shifting public opinion. He 
frequently takes relatively 
unpopular stances , which soon 
become ,accepted. The Gallery 

exhibit offers such glimpses, 
showing recent historical 
controversies as well as 

pictures of continuing dilem-
mas. 

At the show's conclusion,. the 
art will be processed and stored 
in the special collections 
section of Central Library, and 
open to the public by request. 

Although the $403,000 grant was lost, "some level of containment 
will be built into the space in the Medical Teaching Facility to 
permit upgrading of the facility for P31evel work. There is a need 
for P2 and P3 level containment (acHitie on campus," aid 
Henderson. 

Public opposition 
During the fall and winter of 1976, when the grant for the MIF 

facility was being considered by NIH, considerable opposition to 
recombinant DNA research was voiced by members of the San 
Diego community and scientists from around the country. The 
public clamor over recombinant DNA research died down after 
UCSD lost the grant for the MIF, but there is still a lot of 
communication between the CSBC and the San Diego Quality of 
Life Board, an arm ofthe mayor's office. " We (CSBC) are quick to 
interchange with the city on matters relating to the campus," said 
Henderson. " They can advise the university on such matters and, 
I think, in every instance the advice would be heeded." 

(Please turn to page 8 ) 
Oldest oceanographic structure in U.S. 
First Scripps building dedicated 
as National Historical Place 

by Marc Garren 
Staff Writer 

" History has a value , 
physical relics of our past are 
becoming very important to 
us in relating to our past," 
said Senator James Mills at 
the dedication of the 65 year 
old first permanent structure 
of Scripps Institution last 
Sunday. 

The Old Scripps building, 
the oldest oceanographic 
structure in the U.S., was 
formally recognized as listed 
in the National Register of 
Historical Places. 

Despite the recognition, the 
building is slated to destruc-
tion in June if sufficient 
private contributions are not 
collected before that time in 
order to earthquake proof the 
structure. 

Need for funds 
Senator Mills spoke of the 

need for funds in his speech, 
citing the interest in heritage 
generated by "Roots." 

The Old Scripps building 
was the site of much historical 
oceanographic research . 
Fred. N. Spiess of Scripps, 
who is chairman of a Scripps 
faculty committee working to 

preserve the structure , 
described how, in the 30s, 
studies of physical oceano-
graphy were cOJ)ducted in it 
by Harald Sverdrup and 
Walter Munk, which provided 
the basis for surf-prediction 
methods used during World 
War II by the allies for their 
I and i n g sin A f,r i c a and . 
Europe. 

Since its inception, many 
innovations in all aspects of 
oceanography have been 
achieved by Scripps' scien-
tists. Indeed, almost every 
U.S. and worldwide honor that 
exists for oceanographers has 
been won by scientists who 
worked in this building. said 
Spiess. 

In a Triton Times interview, 
Spiess told of the hopes of the 
Scripps faculty that the 
building be preserved as a 
facility for visiting professors 
in environmental studies as 
well as in other sciences . 
Through a program whereby 
they might gain experience in 
oceanography and then return 
to their universities to enrich 

undergraduate programs. 

Architectural significance 
In addition to its oceano-

graphic significance , the 
building is important archi-
tecturally , Spiess com-
mented, saying that it was 
designed in 1909 by the noted 
architect Irving Gill. 

Bruce Kamerling, speaking 
at the dedication, described 
the Scripps building as being 
very original and innovative 
architecturally, anticipating 
the modern style in simplicity 
of structure and functional 
design. Skylights on the roof, 
bring light to the first floor via 
glass tiles on the second floor, 
and large opening windows 
provide for more ventilation 
than OIost modern UCSD 
buildings. 

It would cost more than 
twi,... , ... " , • "<iulr"d to 
earthquake proof the building 
to build a new structure of 
similar desigrr and square 
footage, according to Kam-
merling. 



FfIdey.Jenuery27, 1171 

"They- have to want it awful bad to risk it" 
German border crossings hazardous,numerous 

y Jon Seewart have made it over here from "Especially the border guards. have been cleared ("They were the river bank. What they see 
Pa Ille News Service either East Germany or They know when they come too old and too dangerous for on the other side are barred 

Hof, West Germany Czechoslovakia, where the over that they'll never see their the guards, themselves, " says factory windows, houses 
Sgt. Joe West squinted in the border is less secure. Some new families again and their kids West), a new feature has encircled by wire mesh, and 

bright Bavarian sun and over,somecrashedthroughthe will probably end up in state appeared: automatic shotguns deadly quiet streets. Eastern 
Pointed to a stretch of highway wire mesh fence in a truck, a wards." mounted on the wire fences. Hirschberg is ringed on all 
below us. few Russian border guards Sgt. West says thatin the past They are connected to long sides by the fences; no one 

"Right down there, where ' rz:~:-----------------,?.-..:~---, tripwires near the fence and leaves or enters the town 
that block of concrete is. They are said to be effective over a without permission. 

·drove the truck through the 25-meter "kill area." "The temptation has to be 
first checkpoint about five Western intelligence ana- great," says Sgt. Charles 
kilometers back . The East lysts estimate the ever- Gaither, Sgt. West's partner on 
Germans opened fire and they mounting cost of construction the border patrol. "They can 
crashed through the second of the East German border at look over here and see the cars, 
checkpoint. They they set off a around $2.5 million per mile. the clothes, the people coming 
charge behind that block of T hat cos tin c Iud e s I and and going with no restrictions. 
concrete ..... that's eight meters clearance, 435 miles of sharp Those border guards are paid 
long and two meters thick - metal mesh fence, 138 miles of 120 East German mark s 
and blasted it out onto the double barbed wire fence and (EGM) a month, which comes 
highway. It didn't even budge another 375 miles of electronic to about $8 after the deductions. 
when the truck hit It. They had signal fence, often overlapping They get four to six hours a 
to pull them out with crow- one another to form as many as month free time when they can 
bars." three separate barriers . leave the camp." 

There are also some 350 Gaither says there's a direct 
Jon Stewart, PNS editor observation towers, most of relationship between economic 
specializing in military which are now concrete and and political conditions in-!.;ast 
politics, has just completed a steel. More than 900 guard Germany and the number of 
tour of U.S. NATO installations dogs, German sheperd and attempted border cronings. 
in Europe, Russian wolfhounds fed once "Right now there's a political 

every four days, run up and crackdown and serious food 
The incident had occured just down nearly 300 miles of dog shortages. Prices are all way 

10 days earlier, the latest in a runs. About 75 percent of the up, 17-25,000 EGMs for a car, 
long series of inter-German border is illuminated at night 2000 EGMs for a plain overcoat. 
border crossings that failed. by hundreds of observation Whenever things get bad 
The names of the East Ger- towers. there' s always more activity on 
mans were unknown . Their But the statistics tell only the border." 
ages were estimated atfrom20- part oCthe story. In Hirschberg, If life is grim on the Eastern 
26. a few miles down the border, side, it's far from pleasant (or 

To the men of the U.S. Second the stream that divities East the U.S. troops at Hof and the 
Armored Cavalry who patrol from West flows through the other five border camps 
this stretch of border , the middle of town. What was once manned by the Second Ar· 
attempt was unimaginative a rather sleepy Bavarian mored Cavalry . 
and futile. Even here at the village woke up one day to find The average border patrol 
Rudolfstein legal crossing itself two separate countries. tropper spends four months a 
point, one of the few highways even into the narrow two years he has watched Today, western Hirschberg is year on duty at a border camp, 
connecting West Germany to stream at night and swam over. important modifications of the still an active little community anotherfour months in the field 
West Berlin, the border is a Once in West Germany they 835·mile inter-German border. drawing hundreds of tourists, training and the remainder at 
formidable obstacle. Nearly are debriefed for whatever they Most of the mine fields on the mostly Germans, to gawk at the Regimental headquarters at 
200 men and women are known may know and given a sum of E a s te rn sid e h a ve been guards in the observation Nuremberg. The border camps 
to have died trying to cross it moneY, anapartmentandajob. cleared, though 218 miles of towers across the stream and are spartan, former Nazi army 
illegally. "But they have to want it mines remain, mostly up near behind the rows of fences . camps where' readiness is kept 

Yet many still try and many awful bad to risk it," says Sgt. the Fulda Gap just north of They come in Mercedes, at an extremely high level by 
make it. In 1976 alone, at least West, who has spent some 12 here. impeccably dressed in three- constant drills, morning and 
r3~2~E~a~s_t_G_e~r_m~an~s~ar_e~k~n~0_w_n __ w __ y_e_a_r_s __ o_n_b_o_r_d_e_r __ d_u_tY __ h_e_r_e_. ____ B_u_t_w __ he_r_e __ t_he __ m __ in_e __ f_ie_ld_s ___ p_ie_c_e_s_u_it_s_, a_n_d_s_t_a_n_d_s_i1_en_t_ly __ at ________ ~(P~I~e~ue~~tu~topage8) 
Mark Stadler 
Basketball fever? 
Here? Aw, come on. e e 

Would you believe it? Basketball 
fever at UCSD? 

Well , not exactly. After all, only 
about 300 fans were at the Main 
Gymnasium last Friday night when 
the Tritons took a tense 80-73 upset 
over tough Cal Baptists. But those 
fans were uncharacteristically 
crazy, as far as UCS D fans are 
concerned. And 300 fans at a school 
where attendance at sporting events 
is measured in two figures instead of 
four or five means something is 
cooking. 

The recipe, at le3st last Friday, 
appears to be a resurga nce of what is 
commonly known - with either pride 
or repugnance - as school spirit. It 
seems a few Muir College students 
got together and decided the 
basketball team needed some 
spiritual support. So last Friday they 
sponsored a competition, of sorts: 
members of different houses of the 
Muir dorms were judged on how 

m~lch noise they made at the game. 
Tt e lname of the winning house was 
in ;c,ribed on a plaque. 

rile competitiQJl was fierce , as 
residents of the various houses 
sc eamed themselves hoarse - both 
(o r the oalSkdball team lind for _ 
vk tory in the spirit competition. The 
cc.mpetition was accompanied by all 

th~ trappings usually associated with 
b~stetbal1 games that aren't held at 
U'~~D: banners, male and female 
ct'eerleaders and a sock hop after the 
game . The crowd greeted every 
Triton basket with great applause, 
and tried to intimidate Cal Baptist 
players at the every turn. 

We won . It was great. 
Yet, when I first entered the Gym, 

a few minutes be fore the game 
began, I was shocked at the crowd 's 

behavior. I had never seen a UCSD 
crowd act quite that way before, 
except maybe at political rallies. At 
first , I guess I thought UCSD 
students should be above this type of 
nonsense; I thought this even while I 
always a~ted that way. at sporting 
events myself. But not at UCSD 
games. It never seemed right. 

But why shouldn't it be right? Why 
should UCSD students be "above 
such things? " There's no reason we 
can' t be ardent fans of our own 
teams, even as we remain appropri-
ately cynical about everything else. 

Then, I thought I was turned off by 
the way the fans from the Muir 
dorms were mindlessly responding 
to commands from the cheerleaders . 
" Who are we?" a cheerleader would 
demand. "UCSD!" the crowd would 
roar . "Who's gonna win? " " WE 
ARE! " "Louder?" Et cetera . 

But then I decided, hell , what's 
wrong with collective action? I 
shouldn't let my penchant for 
individualism prejudice me against 
the fans . People occasionally need to 
lose themselves in a great, emotional 
throng. Good for the soul , as it were. 

Finally I realized it was just the 
change in behavior that upset me . 
And after I adjusted I was soon 
caught up in the action myself. 

It's very easy to like this year's 
UCSD team, for several reasons. 
First, the Tritons are underdogs in 
most of their games. They're small ; 
their tallest player is 6'5" . They' re 
scrappy; they dig and'fight for every 
loose ball. They're selfless, to the 
point of suicide. Over the past 
weekend they passed up too many 
open shots in favor of passes . 

Fina\1y, they are scholar-athletes. 
Unlike the teams they play , UCSD 

Tbe M.in Gym MI •• packed FriUy _igbt .. tile UCSD ".nity .... ket .... 1 
team be.t Cal Bapti.t. 80-73. 
does not recruit athletes or offer 
athletic scholarships. UCSD jocks 
are students first , unlike their 
counterparts across the country . Yet 
they 're still very competitive. 

The players, after the Cal Baptist 
game, acknowledged the contribu-
tion of the crowd. As one player put it, 
" Whey you do something good at 
home, and the crowd cheers, it 
pumps you up. When you do 
something good on the road, though 
nothing happens ." ' 

Friday night , a lot happened. The 
Gym was packed; after leaving I Celt 
slightly deafened , the way I felt after 
leaving a tight game at UCLA's 
famous Pauley Pavillion. Cal Baptist 
was tall and smooth, and should have 
won , especially with a six·point 
halftime lead . But the Tritons , 
spurred on by the crowd, scrambled 

back to win their league opener. 

What does all this mean for the 
future? As for the next Cew weeks'; 
Muir students have issued a 
challenge to students at the other 
three colleges, to see who can yelllhe 
loudest at the next home game. As for 
the next few years, if the freshmen 
and sophomores who participated in 
the dorm competition last Friday 
keep coming to the games in the 
future, it would mean basketball 
could be an exciting sport here alain, 
as it was a few years afo when UCSD 
challenged for the NA A District III 
championship. It would mean the . 
Tritons could have a permanent 
homecourt advantage, rather than 
an occasional one. 

It would mean everybody could 
have a good time. 

FrId8y. Jenuary 27. 117. triton times '.-3 
Letter to the Editor 
Illogical thinking colors" other side" of abortion 

Editor: Witness' use of the Bible as his 
Out of the incredibly vast and ultimate testimony to truth , Her 

multitudinous heap of garbage statement simply ca rries no 
commonly referred to as American weight . 
RhetoriC issue forth yet numerous She goes on, though. She states 
other shinin, examples of the kind that " it (a bortion) is a normal part 

ofillogicalthinking~hichhascome of health care that should be 
to be synonomous with the available." Perhaps in a few years 
Ame rican way of life . I refer thiswillbetruebutasitexistsnow 
specifically to the January 13 issue this 6tatement is purely ludicrous . 
of the TT. In a rather shoddily put The Senate and the Supreme Court 
together article the staff of the TT, are imbroiled over this same issue 
obviously in a spirit of friendship at this very moment and no real 
an d fairplay , took it upon solution is seen as being entirely 
themselves to furnish the readers satisfactory to either pro or con. 
with what can only be regarded as Until this problem is resolved in the 
the "other side" of the controver· courts I see it a bit presumptuous on 
sial issue of university funded the part of Ms. Stoltz to generalize 
abortions. to such a degree on an issue which 

On hand for this journalistic dung she seems so obviously ill · 
heaving were Pat Stoltz and Vandi informed. 
Linstrot of the Women 's Center, Yet if such verbal claptrap were 
who, dividing their time between not enough she drops like a ton of 
gutter level name calling and cheap cement the curious statement that 
antics to weed out women of " It's 1I0t like anyone is forcing 
contrasting views and ideals, sat anyone to have an abortion ." 
down one day to Cling some oftheir Whatever processes were in 
own. The result appeared last combat in the vacuity of her 
Friday and the TT lived up to its cranium they were certainly 
reputation of reporting things without any kind of rational intent, 
which have absolutely no interestto for it drifts silently off into the 
anyone. obscurity of space like a balloon at 

Some of the most forgettable the end of a string, dragging the tail 
excerpts appeared as follows: of her argument along behind . 

Ms. Stoltz noted that women have Perhaps I misunderstood . Or 
a "right to choose" in the matter of perhaps she doesn't really know 
abortion and that as such the funds what she is talking about. 
should be available. What she fails To round out this comedy of two 
to realize is that despite the recent the TT elicited the comments of 
popularity with the cause of Howard Hunt, Acting (or non · 
people's rights, there exists a small acting) Vice-chancellor of Student 
body of governing officials which Affairs . But Mr. Hunt, who in the 
make those rights available. In spirit of trial objectivity declined to 
short, inalienable rights exist only make any prejudicious statements, 
if government says they do. Our felt somehow compelled at least to 
rights as American citizens are as match the two women in the 
transitory as tbey are intangible. magnitude of their ignorance. 
Does she fail to recollect that not . He said, " Do we set the course of 
long ago in our bistory women were tbe university on the opinion of two 
first given the right to vote? To use students and ignore the other 
the banner of " rigbt" as a strong 9400? " Not only is this a moronic 
arm of any argument is as tbingtosay, but it is also a gutless 
meaningless as a Jehovah's thing to say because it totally 

whitewashes the issue and puts the 
burden of action on the pel'"ons who 
have chara cteristically had no 
success with direct action: the 
students. 

It seems that this kind of attitude 
is typical of all leaders and 
administrators who in times of 
con met or controversy see that the 
easiest solution is no solution. If the 
students want to change it let them 
change it. There is a certain 
amount of validy in this charge . Yet 
is is an obvious fact that it takes an 
enormous amou nt of student 
energy to motivate an inert body 
like UCSD. Change comes only 
nominally and everyone knows 
that. It takes higher-ups to pen in 
change and it will not come 
otherwise . 

Mr. Hunt has also confused the 
notion of consent with the act of 
compliance. The Vietnam War is a 
good example of majority dis-
co ntent yet nearly perf ect 
compliance. Numbers are mislead· 
ing and Mr. Hunt is erring when he 
assumes that because only one or 
two students have expressed 
negative opinions that the rest are 
completely satisCied. It is a banner 
of student misunderstanding . 
ignorance or disinterest behind 

all the 

which he hides. A a man entrusted 
with the responsibility of looking 
into student affairs I think it about 
time he took the initiative to Cindout 
for himself. 

Yet fault almost always falls into 
the lap of the silent and immovable 
majority. Perhaps this is the way it 
should be. It is this discarding of 
respon ibility into the hands of 
those who do not care to act which 
I nSlI r['~ t he stability of the 
institutions which are created and 
which seem to thrive even in the 
midst of wide·spread discontent. 

Student policy is such an 
institution and as it affects each 
individual he or she should be free 
to voice his or her dissatisfaction 
with it. This is not a war but a 

conflict of interests. Controversy 
arises becau e people in decision· 
making positions fail to deal 
rationally with the problem or laii 
to deal with it at all. Stoltz and 
Linstrot, as spokespersons for the 
Women 's Center. fail miserably 
when they peak of fellow women in 
terms of " them" and " us." In the 
controversy over abortion no 
normal cour e of behavious exists. 
Our only solution is to move 
forwards to a point or level of 
mutally satisfactory policies . 
There is no telling what that 
solution will be but I would hope 
that through cooperation and 
mean ingful discussion some 
agreeable solution will emerge. 

JONATHAN SCHMIDT 
The Triton Times Is published by UCSO students as an otticiel stu.:lent n_spaper. 

Publication is on Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays during the regul.r school YNr 
(except on otticial holidays). Editorial and business ottices are located In the Student 
Center at the University 01 Calilornia, San Diego. For editorial. call 452-3-466: lor 
business .nd display advertising, call .52-3-468. 

Leners to the editor and opinion columns are welcomed All submissioinsshOuld be 
typed and doubl .... p.ced on • 6&-space line They should not exceed l 'h pages in 
length. 

Submined material must be.r the name and student identification number of the 
author. N.mescan bewlthheldfrom publication on request ; ho_ver, the name. will be 
held on file for public inspection. 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of space limitations 
or style requirements. 

Entire contents copyright 1978 the Troton Times. 

a student needs. 
If you're looking for the bank that can do the most for you, chances 
are you'll be looking into Bank of-America. 

We offer a complete range of basiC student banking services: 
College Plan ' Checking, Personal Choice Savings Plans, and if you 
qualify, Student BankAmericard ' Visa ~ overdraft protection, 
and more. . 

Including Consumer lnfonnalion Reports to provide you with 
the kind of straight-to-the-point facts you need to know about 
banking. establishing credit, financing an education. and many 
other subjects. 

Our Reports cover a range of topiCS. And you can pick up your 
copies free at anyone of our branches. Without obligation. 

BANK OF AMERICA NUS .. MEMBER FOIC 

i 
~ :: ~ f ~ 
. ~ ! . 
,. :. 
. 

. ") ~ , . ~ 
f 
:: 
! 
: 
, 

You see. quite frankly. we want to be your bank But we know 
it's not what we want that matters. What matters is what you want. 
And that's why we're hoping we can help you learn more 
about banking. 

We figure the more you know about it, the more you're going 
to want to bank with the bank that can do you the most good. both 
in school and after. 

Quite a few Californians think that's us. If you look into it 
thoroughly enough. we think you'll agree. 
Depend on ua. More Califoraia colletle Hade ... do. 

BANKoF AMERICA m 



l 

...... 
tHtontimes triton times "FICIi",rY 27,117 • 

Subjective impressions of a visitor 
'Je~usalem spells a strange excitement plus an abiding pea if the stillness of an eternal Sabbath hovered over the city.' 

It Is perhaps no coincidence that of all places we should feel so 
completely at ease here. What we saw in Europe, we saw as touri~ts, but 
this is different. I really do not know where to begin . New facts and 
impressions are crowding in upon me in a never-ending stream. 

This is where the East begins. One realizes that the minute one arrives 
In Jerusalem. Jerusalem is unique. It weaves a spell around the heart. 

It is a city of God-intoxicated pea.ple where time-for~etten racial 
memories are focused back into consciousness and turned mto the tools 
to forge a reborn nationalism, integrated with the old, yet ever new, 
interpretations of a living morality. It is also a city of contrasts, an 
exciting mixture of East and West, with varying backgrounds and 
degrees of culture. . ' 

While Tel-Aviv is a typical boom-town, and Haifa a seaport~f bustling 
activity with tiers upon tiers of modem apartment houses pJled on the 
slopes of lovely Mount Carmel, whence one gets enchanting vistas ~f the 
blue waters of the Mediterranean-, Jerusalem stands apart, With a 
character conditioned by its unique history. 

From the huge stone balcony of the King David Hotel, on~ can see the 
age-old city wall encircling the old part of Jerus~lem, now 10 the h~nds 
of the Arabs. Behind this wall is forbidden temtory to the Israelis. A 
bloody battle was fought here in 1948 and in ~he ensuing ~':'1ce, 
Jerusalem was divided into the Old and the New City. The magmflcent 
Hudassah Hospial and the Hebrew University, the pride of young Israel, 
stands empty now. . 

Jerusalem's houses are built of native stone, giving the place an alrof 
rock.like permanency, softened occasionally by pines , cypresses, and 
palm trees. On starry nights the moon weaves a spell over the marble-
like buildings, creating an eerie effect. 

Altogether, Jerusalem spells a strange excitement plus an abiding 
peace, as if the stillness of an eternal Sabbath hovered ov~r the v~ry 
stones of the city . But on the streets one encounters a bnsk·movlOg 
young generation, intent and sober·eyed. 

The charm of unexpected types is around every corner, to see the 
remnants of Orthodox Jews with beards and ear-Ioc~, some hued. a 
brilliant red, is to feel an automatic amazement a~,thelr a.p~~~ance 10 
the modern Jewish state. But to be told that those Chassldlm cannot 
touch any other woman except their own wives, is to feel the thrill of an 
old yet ever new morality. 

The native-born sabras (meaning prickly pears) are a hardy lot , the 
offspring of early pioneers, sOf!1e of wh.om. came here by choi~e and 
conviction. German Jews constitute an IOdlspensable part of thiS new 
society, the German Jews together with other middle ~ur~peans 
provide the leaven and Western know-how so badly needed 10 thiS new 
land. . h One does not have to seek entertainment or IOterest elsew ere - on 
the streets in variegated array - the eyes behold immigrants from 
•~ ______________________ .. Turkistan, Kurdistan , Afghanistan, Iran, Yemen, Syria , Morocco, and other African and Asiatic communities. Some wear turbans around 

their heads but those from Northern climates still wear fur caps, 1Bully·s 
Prime Rib 

Dininq 
At its Best 

together with long kaftans, interlined with fur . Occasionally the visitor 
is surprised by the appearance of some Catholic priest with Irish-blue 
eyes and a clear, rosy complexion, or one .of the long·bearded, long-
mantled apparition of a Greek Orthodox priest. . 

Unassimilable seem the remant of beggars, some bhnd, who squat 
against the walls of business buildings, plus a smattering of vagrants 

. who evoke Omar Khay-yam with their swarthy faces and lustful black 
eyes . . h ff ' The sidewalks are (too) narrow, and still more impeded IS tetra IC 
by bootblacks earning their keep, while so~~ religious f~nati~ holds 
forth with emotional fervor some Chassidlc chant With hiS ann 
heavenward . Truly, the atmosphere is beguiling. Oddly enough, there is 
a leprosarium ten minutes' walk fr?m where we liv~ .in the mode':1l 
district of Rehavia . There is an old ohve grove partly hldlOgthe place 10 
the valley, together with an ancient' ' monastery" of the c~ss . Above, on 
stony ground only a few hundred yards away , are surprislOgly modern La Jolla Del Mar Missi~n Val~y apartment h~uses , stone structures recalling pictures of Babylon in its 
glory. . 459.2768 755·1660 291·2665 On Christmas Day we walked over to the beautiful YMCA to get a ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ll!!!l~!!!!!!I!~ reprieve from the austerity meals that we had been sharing with the 

r=- population. Here, we ~e~e in the midst of IS.rae!i Ch.ristians, Moslems, 
'There IS" difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR: 

lUJSfJJ-00/-~ 
GMAT· GRE 

OCAT - V. • SAT 
VOE • ECFMG • FLEX 

NAT'L MEDICAL BOARDS 
NAY'L DENTAL BOARDS 

NURSING BOARDS 
Flexible Programs And Hours 

2180 Blrnat 

270-1810 
Ollt~Hl(! NY State Onlv 

CALL TOLL FREE 

800-221-9840 

~·H 
MPIAN 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

1('>1 PR I f'''A~lHm 
'>PI (I AII'>I'> '>I N! [ 1 ' 1 III 

some American RabblDical students and pilgrims Just returned from 
their pious journey to Bethlehem - all hungrily devouring the festive 
roast beef. 

FRIDAY nilE 
fl~'KI 

COlllSI NS 
Starring: 

LILY 

Fri. Jen. 27 MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
7:00, 1:00 • 11:00 pm 

Central Box Office, 452-4559 
Un",.r,l, Events Offlc. 

That men do not live by meat alone assumes a special 
significance in Israel. By aCi:~.ed Western standards of material 
comfort, this country itself. Israel's dependency on 
American Jewry western powers politically , will 
remain an inc:l1sli>Utlable 

One realizes thai unless the rest of the world 
makes progress along Israel too will remain in mortal 
danger. These facts do ' detract from the overriding 
conclusion that something process of consummation here, 
and one is compelled to go partially realized dream, so 
that at least each Jew chance to defend his right for 
existence, instead of dying a trap, as they did in Germany. 
From a positive angle, the ofthe Stateo(lsrael has made 
it possible for all Diaspora in a measure the new dignity 
this new land provides . 

Del Mar resident Esther 
basis. Tbese are her imlnr .. ,a .... 
them on a 1957 sal\)b~l'ic:al 

Today concludes Israeli 

I had to pinch myself 
met on the streets, nine 
which puzzled me, for I 
But the fact remained, 
some strange fashion I 
background conditionin~ me. 

Those who have never 
understand fully the 
here , as one is; good, 
having to play up to a gen 

approval or aCIC!eJ,tallce. 
too, some Singular nc~'"h,''''' 
a new way of life 
have sought refuge here. 
inner lack of security; 
and his seemingly UIIIIIIIII<CW' 

Many who have known 
the tourist brings back to 
had known in the past. A 
grateful against a fate 
Jewry . There are those, 
and put their shoulders 
hard·won homeland. 
desperaieiy, to strengthen 
of national dreams in their 

attend UCSD on an auditing 
country of Israel as she recorded 

. tha t out of every ten people 1 
gave me a feeling of jubilation, 
above " nationlistic atavisms." 
here I felt roots under me; in 
~ithout any previous Zionist 

the skin of a Jew may not 
feeling of being accepted 
relief that comes from not 
, albeit unconsciously, for 

are noticeable in this country, 
attempts at adjustments to 

for the many people who 
Iv.",rll'<> Iy patriotic to justify an 

his freedom to come and go 

aVId forthe good things, and 
some of the comforts they 
them both rebellious and 

to accept help from Western 
visitor , to join hands with them 
theirs, to the upbuilding of their 

they need this Western infusion 
iits ana hopes ill th'e liilfillment 

All these intangibles surround the visitor and one finishes b~ feeling a 
sense of g~ilt, at not being able to fulfill their hopes, by staying with 
them, to give them moral and physical help, and to become one with 
them. 

Yet, for all one's admiration fo their creative achievements, one 
cannot shut one's eyes to the weak spots. The country is going through 
growing pains reflecting in a micro-cosm the politICal con<lltJons of the 
big powers . 

I took a ride one day into the Judean hills around Jerusalem. The bus 
was old, the driver spoke several languages, and the travelers were a 
motley collection of humanity - recent immigrants from eastern lands. 
Some of the women were swathed in bandage-like cloths around their 
faces , others wore European coats of ancient vintage. There was a cold 

. wind blowing through windows which would not be closed. Children 
were whimpering in their mothers ' arms - little noses running. The 
dark·skinned Yemenite men looked like dried prunes, like stunted trees, 
yet they are th ones who, with others from culturally backward 
countries , will bear the brunt of the pioneer work yet to be 
accomplished. 

The Middle· European immigrant , the artisan and the small 
shopkeeper (par excellence) , will constitute the eventual reservoir of 
an industrial proleteriat. Israel, aside from the Kibbutzim, has few 
toilers of the earth. Unskilled land labor will have to be moved from one 
spet to another as the country's resources permit road and land 
development . So the culturally backward people, recently arrived, fill a 
necessary gap in the rural upbuilding. As we jolted along on the bus, the 
panorama was much like the Escondido country-side in California, 
except for the faintly-edged terracing of which the hills wore an imprint, 
reminding one of the ancient custom of terraced fanning . 

Our companion on the trip, a former Vienesse, pointed with evident 
pride to the sides of the road , where hugh waterpipes were being laid . He 
urged us to look both right and left, to take in the long lines 01 the hills -
tiers upons tiers - losing themselves into horizontal lines toward the 
azure sky; his insistence bespeaking a deep love of every stone and hill , 
for which he had fought in the wa r of liberation. " This too, will some day 
be th~ land of milk and honey , as your America is," he prophetically 
acclaimed. 

One village stood out in the dista nce high upon some hillside, which 
our companion said was Ain Karem, birthplace ofSt. John the Baptist. 

The little village was like a rare print out of an ancient book. The color 
of the houses was an earthen gray-brown, a nd seemed to have grown 
right out of the ground . 

I felt transported to Biblical days as we roamed in and out of na rrow 
alleys , handing out pieces of chocolate to the local urchins and getting 
back the Hebrew equivalent for thank you, " toda raba ." The houses 
were partly a mixture of a variety of architectural designs. There is a 

chil~ren' s ~ettlement in Ain Karem, the youngsters rugged looking, 
gettmg their water from some ancient well to further their gardening 
work. 

The terraced effects gave a lovely aspect to the surrounding hills 
enclosing this little valley with its high-steepled churches. 
. We climbed up a narrow, hilly path leading to one ofthe churches built 

by the German Emperor Wilhelm. We encountered some old woman, all 
in black, who greeted us in Russian and informed us this time in 
French, .at what time the church would be opened to ~isitors . Then 
we visited the church where St. John was born . We entered the 
ancie?t church and the walls felt strangely like barriers upon the spirit 
- ~s .. f t~e eter~al d.rea.ms o~ man w~r~ trying to~urously to escape the 
Osslfl(;atlOn of mstJtulionahzed rehglOn, There IS an eighty-year-old 
American Jew at our pension. He is still hearty and agile of mind 
although half blind. To hear him praying to his God , is to experience ~ 
deep wonder at the pluck, which brought this young·old man to these 
shores . He prays for his soul, but he also prays that out of Jerusalem 
may yet come peace to all nations . 

I fear I won' t get over the strange lureofthis land. It will hauntmethe 
rest of my days, but it will give new direction and inspiration to my 
efforts in doing my own part for Israel. There is morro than one fron t 
this sacred duty. Always in the stillness of my soul , I shall hear the 
lustful, joyful singing of the children of Israel, as they march down the 
streets in groups - those singularly beautiful cherubic children's faces , 
recaptured from the furnaces of hate or remember, the echoes of 
Hebrew chants in the quiet of a Sabbath afternoon, as the po~erful rays 
of the sun disappear behind the sa~red judean hills. 

of Sin Diego In c:ooperlUon with uc s.n Diego" M ..... I .. lec:tu .... '78 pr ... nta 
I 

Roger Hedgecock 
The youngest member 
San Diego County 
Supervisors 

Jim MIlia 
Leader of the Callfo 
State Senate 

Maureen O'Connor 
The City Council 's 0 
woman member. 
January 31, 

SEAlES: 
General Admlt.lon: 

-.-N DIEGO INSIDE: 
r"Structure and How it Works 

MEDIA 

Clayton Brace 
The man who runs KGTV-l0. 

Peter Kaye 
ASsoc iate editor of the 
San Diego Union 

Ed Self 
Publ isher of 
San Diego Magazine 

MONEY 

M. Larry Lawrence 
The man who runs the 
Hotel del Coronado 

Rita McCoy 
President and Chief Executive 
of the Woman's Bank 

JUSTICE 

Hugo Fisher 
A judge of the Superior Court. 
Bill Kolender 
The city'S Chief of Police . 

Ed Miller 
Dick Silberman The District Attorney and top 
California's Secretary of law enforcement official of 
Business and Transportation the county. 

February 9, Thursday February 14, Tue.day February 21, Tue.day 

res at 8:00 pm In UC San Diego'. Mandeville Auditorium 

uc s.n lox Office, 452-ml 

SINGLES: 
G .... , .. Adml .. lon: $4.00 
AU Students $1.00 

DOES YOUR HAIR HAVE 
THE ICKIES? 

OM 01 our conditionus wiN soIv. 
you, probI.ms. 

L'OREAL Instant Mermaid · 
3.4 PH . adds body and full · 
ness to weak, limp hair 

...... . . ... .... 16 oz. 3.95 
GOLDEN PLACENTA · 2.6 
PH . re~irs weak, limp 
broken hair & brings luster 
to drab hair. .. 16 oz. 3.89 

UNICURE . 5.6 PH . for dry, 
abused, overporous & de6· 
cate hair . good for skin too! 
........ ... .... 16 oz. 2.59 
TIA ZOUN PLACENTA · for 
. dry, brittle lifeless hair 
. .............. 16 oz. 3.95 
For A Super Conditioner for 
Blow Drying that's great for 

ACV Balsam - eliminates tan· split ends & hair that is dry , 
gles and frizzies, gives body, limp, fine, brittle & dull . 

bounc~ & lustre 16 oz. 3.25 INFUSIUM 23 16 oz. 4.07 
And SO many more there's no room for here! 
~ kouty Supply 
737 .-.art - 459-0722 

SPECIAL AUTO 
Insurance Rates for 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
INSURANCE CENIER 

276-9261 



STUDENTS NEEDED •.. 
to post advertising materials on 
the bulletin boards of this andlor 
nearbY campuses. Choose your 
own hours and schedule, work 
up to 15 hours per week, pay 
based upon .nount of work done: 
our avetage rep earns 4.65Ihour. 
Write for booklet to American 
Passage, 708 Warren Avenue N, 
Seattle, WA 98109. 
PART-TIME WORK 

Birkenstock: 
n. .... , 111 till' ... 1I)4.11I\ •• ll.' h~'4rnm ... 

1i.·'I.'1 ln B,rL"'Il:,Il11'L 1~1I ·II\\'t' •• r \k. lilt, h °n. 
:"lm.'lhmJ! 

TI-K,. B,rlL'n ... u,L In"h .. d ' .. 1 .... 0; 11 ,!llli rrl." lUl' 
",,"'lbUI\,', 10 mr..~LI ht \HUr I .. -.-r .1nt.1 h ... ·un1l· 
,'nur 1lII. '4 r'f1111 

!X, \\·.11 Lln~ In 8trL~'fl''''h,,"L ,'.1 Ill'! Ill,,· w.,ILn~ 
hardtll.l( In rh..· "md. \\lIh Ol~' n,Of\ ,,' (\n\\.'UI4,.'nt 
.. lilkh"nl.:l' 

'~1t.1 (,m \\".1IL If) BlrL,'""", L .,11 \,',Ir ~1I )1! 

IIII PrOSpect. La Jolla 
454-7!77 

Tritons start· fast, 
outlast USIU, 61-52 

by Mark S&adler 
Paced by sophomore Tom Omalev's 10 first half points, the 

UCSD varsity basketball team took a 33·22 halftime lead over 
USIU Tuesday night and never looked back, coasting to a 61-52 
victory. . ff . k Shooting 53 percent in the first half, the Tntons got 0 to a qUlc 
lU lead over the Westerners. The Tritons' lead was ne~er less 
than 6 points or more than 13 for the rest of the game, which was 
played at Mira Mesa Junior-5enior High School . . 

The win makes UCSD 2-0 in NAIA District III play, tied With 
Azusa-Pacific for first place in the league. Tonight the Tritons 
travel to Point Loma College, which is 1-1, after losing to Azusa, 75-
74 Tuesday night. 

Tri&ollS now 6-10 
The Tritons are now 6-10 overall , while Point Loma is 12-5, and 

was ranked 20th in the last national NAIA rankings. . 
Omalev a 6' guard from Fullerton, came o~f the bench early I~ 

the game and immediately began penetratmg the Westemt:rs 
man-to-man defense for several layup baskets. USIU, meanWhile. 
was having trouble connecting ~ver a ~ough 2-1-2 llCSD zone 
defense shooting only 31 percent 10 the first half. 

In the'second half, the Westeners finally began getting inside the 
Tritons' defense. However, they were never able to pull closer 
than seven points, as UCSD match~ them point-for-point; 

The Tritons threw a balanced scormg attack at USIU, With Joe 
Greenstein tallying 15, Omalev 2 and Bob Frazier, Bart Bradley. 
Stan Hopper and Peter Volk all scoring 8. 

Rebounding 
UCSD was outrebounded by USIU 35-32, with Frazier gra~bing 

10 rebounds and Hopper 9. The game marked one of the fe.w tlm~s 
this season the Tritons will be able to match up evenly With their 
opponents height-wise. The tallest player who played for UCSD 
Tuesday, Stan Hopper, is 6'5", as is Stan Thomas, USlU's tallest 
player. . .. . T d 

The Tritons continued to be hampered by I~unes ues a~, as 
Volk played with a bad thigh, and Bradley With a badly bruised 
heel. After suffering a collision midway through the second half, 
Bradley limped noticeably for the rest of the ga'!le . 

Another injured player, Lemond Brocke~t, IS scheduled to 
return to action against Point Lorna, accordlOg to coach Barry 
Cunningham. Brockett was leading the team in scoring before 
being injured Cour games ago. 

_ •.••••..•••••••••..........••..•...•..•••............ ··········t 

FrIder, .. ......" 27,1178 

S11JFF ALL THAT JAZZ - Tritoa n- Mitor,'" aar 
_ket .... player, Ala ....... ( ...... here .... P ........ ff 
ho •• 2 poiat. ia the early .o_te of tH1T'. ,.... ..... t 
tu AS T • ..ay --las, _ D.". E .. _ (left) .... T ... K_ 

(ri!~t) look oa ....... Kore4 24 poi .............. Ide ...... 
oa the .... oace _ t~e1T .... ped •• til. ftoorwit~ the AS, 45-
27. 

=I 

I 
i 
I 

Casual Clothes 
for the 

Casual Man 

· 
· 4th Estate beats 1 st 2 

Small, slow AS crushed by TT 

· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 

ocean breeze 

End of month 
Clearance Sale 

40% OFF 
H.I.S., Jantzen & Off-Shore Shirts 

Faded Glory Pants 
Jantzen-" (At women tool) f1i4Ef J . 

levis Shrink to ftt Jeans Onh,' S9.9S 
: Monday-Wednesday 

10 om-6 pm Flower Hill Center 
Thursday-Saturday 2710 Via de la Volle 

10 am-9 pm 8-210 

.: 
· 

by Thaddeus Jones 
Special Writer 

In its most humilitating 
defeat since it was voted out of 
existence in 1972, the AS was 
crushed by the Triton Times in 
a basketball game Tuesday , 
45-27. 

The TT was led by 6'6" center 
Alan Russell - who played for 
the UCSD varsity until he was 
lured away by an offer of free 

: typing paper from the TT -
• who scored 24 points. 

The game 's only surprise 
came when at the end of the 

: first quarter, which found the 
• score knotted at 8 apiece. Then 

the TT's fourth and fifth 
: players showed up_ At halftime 
: the score was a more natural 

23-13, in favor of the TT. 
Small, slow 

: Sunday 0 Del Mar, CA 92014 : 
~ 12 pmoS pm 481-0788 : 

Of course, as an AS player 
noted after the game, " You 
guys (the TT) didn't beat 
much." That was true. While 
the AS players were small, they 
were also slow. While they shot ~ ........•..••••••••.•....•...........................•.•.•..... ~, 

'nv •• ti .... Upper Division and O,.du ... Stvdy on the Mon .. ,.y '_nintula 
"0 Mlift s.uth .f S.n '''ftCite. 

Monterey Institute of Foreign Studies 
An Independenl upper diVISion. graduale. and profeulon.1 school granting 
B A . M A degrees Teaching Credentials , Certificates .n Translation and 
InlerpreJ4110n Accredtled by 1he Wellern Auoclallon of Schools and Col. 
leges , California S'.'e Board of Educa110n Velerans Approved 

COM'AltATlYIINnnU1ION5 LANGUAGES 
.. NO ~IOCI5SIS 
cbM~""TIVlllTIUTUI[ 

"~lO""CY I WOllD .... AIlS "'\~ERE\, IN, 
IOUC .. liON :..Cl.' 'Sl/. 
1!ITIiNATIONAl "" @ ~ ICONOMIC6:::: ;:;;; 

I ~TlItN.TlONAL Eo- ~ 
MANAGIMINT ' . 

IIHU .... "ufIo ... , IT:tCI15 Ckj. ~~ 
TUNSlATION AND tJ/(F/G ' "~ I \: • 

INTI'PlITATION J 
WOllD AliA STUDIIS 

A,.blc · 
M.nd.,in Chin ... 

1~II'h ••• Second h,.,,, ••• 
',.rKh 
Gor",.n 
M.d, 'n Gr •• k · 
!t. Ii_n· 
J_pon ••• 
II.n" ....... . 
a ... " I'n 
Sp_"i.h 

For I"farmallon Wnre 10 
DEAN OF ADMISSIONS 

I,)rI"90U.,t., IIh rch 27·J",no 10. 1 '7' POST OFfiCE lOX 197. 
~"'"'., S .. , lon Jwn. 20-Aw,wtf 26. ,.7. MONTEIEY, CAlIFO.NIA 939"" 

Herschel Peak, Director of Cooperative 
Education, will visit UCSD Tuesday, Jan. 31 , 
from 1:00 to 4 :30 . Those interested in 
discussing MIFS Programs with Mr. Peak 
should make arrangements through the Career 
Planning & Placement office. 

poorly from in close to the 
basket, they also missed from 
outside. 

After the game was over, 
several AS players blamed 
their defeat on the fact that they 
were dwarfed by the TT front 
line of Russell, Steve Gould, 
who is 6'3" and Mark Stadler, 
who is also 6'3". What the AS 
failed to add is that they were 
also dwarfed , as Car as 
basketball talent goes . 

Gould and Stadler were 
among the TT's many stand-
outs in the game. Gould, known 
more commonly as "Crazy 
Guy," scored 8 points, includ-
ing a once- in -a-lifetime-
bankshot-prayer from the 
comer baseline. He also made 
basketball history by calling 
three·seconds-in-the-key on 
himself. 

Stadler scored 11 points, none 
of which came on shots from 
further than three feet away 
from the basket. Tim Karns 
scored two points, which, 
though pathetic, was more than 
fellow teammates Stan Honda , 
Laura Richter, Judy Walton 
and Shauna "Doctor S" Stokes 
tallied combined. 

The AS was led by President 
Jeff Leifer, who had all his 

-

Dr8ams, How to work with 
your Dream LIfe. A Seminar 
with Hugh Lynn Cayce, Dr. 
Charles T. Cayce and Dr. 
Herbert Puryear, Sunday, 
Feb. 5th 2 pm-10 pm Bahia 
Motor Hotel, Mission 
Room, 998 West Mission 
Bay Dr.TlckIll nlil.bll._ 
fir S 10.110. SIIIdInIs wtUllO $5.110. 
For lurth. InfarmItIan call 451-
1423. 

-

excuses planned one week in 
advance of the game by saying, 
"I haven't played basketball 
since high school, DO, since 
junior high, no actually, since 
elementary school." Leifer, 
however, scored 11 points, and 
so didn ' t need to use hi s 
carefully-laid excuses. 

O,her suus 
Other stars for the AS 

included Eric Rodli and Dave 
Eisen. Rodli, the new public 
relations director who was 
reportedly appointed only 
because be is 6'2" tall and so 
could reasonably pretend to 
guard Russell, scored 12 . 
Eisen, a traitor who used to 
work for the TT and so deserves 
every bruise he acquired in the 
game, tallied 5. 

After the game, TT player-
coach Doctor S said, "We 
creamed 'em. We mopped up 
the floor with 'em. They were 
never even in the same om 
with us." She then paused for 
breath , trying to remember 
some more sport-related 
cliches. 

" The force, " the Doctor 
concluded, "was with us." But 
even if it hadn't been, we 
would've bopped 'em." / 

FrIdeJ, Jenuery 27.1171 triton times Pege7 

triton classifieds XEROX COPIES Special Student Discount 
CLASSIFIED Abs 

S.wdeIIl , .... : *,er loe ...,.es. 
'10.-llIMIHl ra&e: SI . '" ... 1fIK'ft. 
IMI "F ..... - : r~"IIn1I1_ ..... . 
lid c.~ ........ " W.-, For Sa .... Tr .... I. 

1100111 ... s.rvlft. ~ ....... . ........ , •• · ... IIlI . 
V..,. M top)· .... ,.y_1 ..... mall<II .. 

.... hHl'd .. _. M' __ 1 .. 1. u..oI.1ft by 
I "" u......-"", ....... .... or M to 10 _or. 

Offit. "WI .. , lilt l'laMifiM ....-un .. '" a~ 
1_ II l '"' \1\\ I 

housing 
Wunled, One rermlle toshare home in l.a Jolla (Bird 
Rotld with 3 otber wortun. , luden". Own room, 
$112 $01 mo. Start Feb 13 I .. ,ot I Coli 454-5179 . or 
Ate Lynn at 'M' office. 11 / 301 

Wanted: Quiet Female roommate to share 2·bdrm 
apt inClalrmonl ntarbUs line. Own bdrm. 1105 571 · 
NI2. II1271 

TYPING - Maril)'n "ould II keto futn. YOUrl)·pl • • 
needs - expert. reuonotble. hilI IBM. C .. 1I27O-$72,1 
1% /271 

PRnF'PQQlnN~1 THF.~Jlli; f \1A"It'S(,RIPT 
T\ 1"1 'L r.:\Vt rlClk1:<1 IhurtlUghh hmlllt.Jr ~ Ilil 
all ro;-an& sille rtoqutr~mt"nb Ru hJObsJt"('et)h'ti 

Ill~' (orf't"('lIn~ wl",(·trl<" 11 tnk ..... nt~r lJ.n :w . 
:I i' t ,' \'" ~·N7 1 ~/4 

personals , Sinl~ room in rumished fireplaced lruitlreed Del M3r house approx $140 come by 2&4 26lh Or4ll1 ·6751 
11/271 

Rt::sEARCH PAP t~RS - Thotilldnd on h~ S2 75 
p«'r ~d,h' OI1Ktnal rt·~.,H1;.'h "IIU a\'tulable Send 
" .~ I". hH .. ,O ~ot\TIU'AL HE.SEARCH 1($9ij 

Wtl~hll'~ no 21-' I.A 90024 1213,479-1096 (3111. 

Kindergarten opemnl!! at Sandy Il ill C~op . Solana 
Bch Small c l .... ,"stir open Call 43U514 12131 

Art yOll an experienced HORSEBACK RID ER' 
w.Ant learn to play POLO? Call Beth 41'-1567 by 
Saturday (1 / 27) 
H you're intere.ted in a Europeun work ' ltudy 
prOirum• attend a slide show, Fri. " pm Bealte Apt. 
,1/171 
III Pre--Denl club met'tina Jan 30 "-30 North 
Conrerence Room of the Student Center All 

udenlS .. elcome 0 /27. 

FtliOW students ~eed extra S' llike I did· Discover 
VI ea )',part·umewuylO& IlOlTtt.Call2fi..2211 

:: .:11 send vou rulllnfo-FREE: (l / 27) 
Hedtnnaus and Riff Ran beware Caltran. " 
'" !ltchmg you· 

JOin S.HUrddY with lM Intrepid 
Travelers 

The OUlback Cafe will have a manaltr'l meellnl 
Sun Jan 29 at , pm Oulback , Past , preaenl , 
pr«nt&al mDna,tn ~easecomelodi8CU. pressin. 
t uti and ~ma, Marty. Cl /27) 

See th~ of Ch.rlie Chaplin ', fiMll films .1 the 
Outback C.re. 711 Warun C.mpus Feb. 2, Thun. ' 
• ID pm. 111211 

SIGN CP TODAY for Revelle ', AlmOft Anyllun& 
COl Letl show San Vireo State that " 'f know hO\llo' 
to ha\f~ fun. Cl/271 

ALMOST ANYTHING GOES. W ...... "vlne .ood 
and drinb and the best e:nlertainlnent in lown Be 
Ihere Feb. (l / 27) 

Monday'. TT Calendar in error: ThcChiDe8e mm'ie 
' [ail IS Red ' "Ith English subtitles ponsored by 

lhe ChIM Student Assoc .. Will be held. pm 
S.Jlurda)' F~b II In the t.bnde\'llJe Audllorium 
F'ree Chll:M':8en:>freshmenls t::vt"r')one .. tloome II 
li the Chlnt..1e New \ 'ear Week 

. . 

XEROX 
COPIES 

2~~ 
minimum 

C l R I 
XEROX 

• 'SOC Each 

1601 Sialh A, ..... 
231 · 1&7& 

5cclUpll~e. 

OPEN 7:30 •. m. · 10 p.m. M·F 
Salurdlty. & Su .... y.1D-5 

Unlum Solana Bch 2 br (or rent·Den. 21;: bth , view 
Rerer. wrulhertl! dryer included.. Pool . tenniS A k 
for Bob $450/ mo. 755--1151 lib .. ) 
O .... n room available In Wand &: Sea area .. pt hilred 
with &rad t50 yords from beach 157Imo. Jerf 452 · 
203% 12/31 

Roommate .... anted o,,'n room , own b;uhroom to 
hare 5 bedroom house ~nt SIOO II: depo it 4.$3.9'!36 

after 5. 00 (1 /271 

services 
KL!NG·FU. No .... lormlng ('18'~1II on campull.n one 
or the mosl popular slyies CaU C~lpar at .11 -1075 
01271 

NEED A T\,PIST~ R •• sonable r .. e,. SPEEDY 
SERVICE. IBM .. If..,o''''''tlne. Kalhle 276-9299 
.'ter 12 00 ooon. (3117) 

LEARN SPANISH 
II you really wanl to learn Spanilh l.4u lckly, lluenlly 
and correctly . and I( you have: the rou.raae and 
Ita'mma (or Intensive Clnd d l.lClplined •• udy . come 
(or at lellt one moDth to Cuemavaca Lanluale 
School. Fifl'tmontht300 f"ollowlnllourweekJ1200 
Private tutor available at 1350 lur se hOUri, Delalls' 
APOO, 410 Cuernavacs . Mexico. (1111) 

Proleuional Typing , Reuonuble Ral es tUM 
Correctin, Selectnc Can (or Free Eslimate. Cad 
411 ·1l\4O. 11191 

Typl., ·""lfcorrtclinl IBM selectric term papers. 
these. , etc. f''(~riefK'f'd 452 ISla evtninlJ . (Sil l) 
'rVPING! IBM Selectric tem papers. the .... PhD. 
diutl1atioM. Hhtln •• RUSH JOBS · 4S3-01St, 560-
1171. %11-4131. 4$2· 15111 (61'1 

THE UNITY DRUM CALLS TO GATHER THE 
PEOPLE Amer Indian Stude:nll Meet Thurs "' .. 
pm Siud 0 .... Bkf, 8023 Iby Stude .. Cenler) 
important to meet .erve and Involve you. C2/1) 

F" roommate wanted S97 / rno own room" shdre of 
ulillties In PB Smoker. non vtlelJriiln OK Lmda 
212· 1696 111211 

FOLKLORE AND MYTHOLOGICAL TUDIES 
journal ncedsanlcles Deadhne,'l.I I5171 GSM 1031. 
UCLA Los Ang.I ... 900'J4 1211, 

for sale 
Good as new henk ' i clillculUl COB! "'ver S22 00 sell 
for S14 .00 call 452-0926 evenlnas (1177 ) 

unith Allearo IOUnd Iyltem Incl speakers very 
load ('ODd I yr. oad . bell offer GWfn45.5-OUI2e:ves 
11 / 301 

VOlksw31on 66· n~w enllOe new lire. very loud 
cond MUII..,1I700 OOorbes,orr.r45HZ3IIalle,5·00 
111271 

Marantz !230 receiver w/ca1te 1200. best oUer. 
&>hwinn continental "5. conlact Mike 452-aota 
11 1301 

RerriieralOr, ,'dmirill 10 cubiC It Excellent condo 
190 ~-11236 aller 5: l1li 111271 

wanted 
Earn S. Subjects needed ror psych ex~rimen" Men 
%1-40 Pl • ..., <.11451-4305 betw n 2 .. pm. 111%71 

Teaching Opportunities 
Overseas! 

English-speaking schools and colleges in over 160 
foreign countries offer teaching and administrative 
opportunities to American and Canadian 
educators. Positions exist in all fields, on all levels, 
from kindergarten to the university. Some schools 
overseas do not require certification or previous 
teaching experience. Graduating seniors are 
encouraled to apply. Vacancies occur and are filled 
throughout the year . Foreign lanluage knowledge is 
not requirecl. If you are interested in an educational 
employment in a foreign country, write to: TEACH 
OVERSEAS, P.O. BOX 2748, LA JOLLA, CA. 
92038 . . 

lush PJld lor (.'010 (.· Ia's rmii jt> ..... lrl denlal 
aLlld. literling. itnd pre I l S SII\tr I'uinJl Ken 
7!'~· 7371 121 11 

\\ ,.nlt'd Judo CI ('nil Jim 11I~ '1 1'''' j I '2. ' 
Atbell'" , "an(Aollt:a nt'C<kd for p:.;)dl 11." 
r .... arch pro) Feedba k available-Dei __ 
11127' 

Wanted 83 Ie Pnn('lpln 01 O-Chem a nd Ed 
Roberti' C855enO Iludent IUpplement call Mark 
417-1772 1l / 1e' 

.. A" Tenms Player To ,*orkOUI With In momanp 
learly) Ph 4111540 or P&L 4113 Kerry ( __ 110 " A" 
player) 11 / 271 

travel 
F.,r ~pnnl tlre"k In Mazatlan or .. ny other Ira\'tl ' 
needs call TLC Travel 5M-I490 11127) 

BOOK OS CAMPUS Europe HawaII and New 
York Charter "~Ii&htl CIEEStudent TravelSludent 
Cenler 8-073 Open \4.-~kday, J2-4 Call 452·0631) 
161111 

Student needs m~ MWl\tWF' forl..lm c luss v. III spill 
v.e-ekll ,ali ('()tIll (" ... 11 571 ·1195 JJ 1 .. 1.e en'ninKJ 
11127) 
1· ~··- .. -·~ ....... ·- ,·-·'-··-·~·· ..... ·'t 
; t 

!COMMUNITY' iBLOODB~ 
; 983 India ; .~ 327 F Street ; 
t PAYSDONORS ! 
t ! l for Service ~.: 
l Mon. - Frl. 
; 233-5481 i i 234-460) : ~ ..... ~._ .. _ ....... _ ................................. _.t 

---- .-

3¢ (no miminum) 
Fast Service!!! 

Copy SLOP 
11211 Sorrenlo Valley Road "J" 

452-1805 

'78 DATSUN 
B·210 

Cl ~ ~~.-~ . 
'~'~ ~ .-

TOP ECONOMY 
PlUI GOOD LOOKSI 
• GX HATCHBACK 
• 4·0001 SEDAN (Slandord or o.tu .. ) 
• 2.oooa SEDAN 

(Slandord or o.Iu •• ) 

One Of The Country'. 
L"~t Dalaun Fac/lm. 

SAN DIEGO 
DATSUN 

.. tl ....... • .... 1 .. 

""'ALUY ,~ ........ -
..,'1" ... ----

r-------------------------------, 
I ....... I I I 
1 CONU1NSO~~~!l~fFC~Rv~~~~~E~~. ~~~~;v~~~~~~~:J$~~A~~~::;.OR , CLEAN I I DISTRIBUTOR. CHECK 'LUQ WI RI$. SET DWEll ANO liMING. Oil CHA'-'GE . GASKETS .. FILTERS J 
II2I.IIIi (REG 1351 " ••• 115 IREG ' 55' ...... - I I ON MOST ..... ON MOS' '-'1 I 
1_ ALL '''ATS AND l".aR GUARANTEEO FOR 2 MOS OR 2.000 MillS I 
---------------------------------r-------------------------------, 
I ""IUBelll I 1 wE WI Ll". R[~ACIE ALL IRAKES. MACHINE All OI'UtI4S, 'ACK I I,.. FftONT BEARINGS. RE ........ CE FRONl SEALS ! ...... @,~ or DlIIUn~~! 
I " LL '''ATS. L"'OR I DISC 8RAflCU SLlQto-nl v HIGHER- NO HVOItAULICS INCLUDEO I 1 GUARANTE ED e MO$ .IIOOO fltlLES 

~-------------------------------~ 

4881 VOl TAIAE STREET. oceAN OE .. CH 225-0183 _ 
4lIOO El CAJON BLVO .• EAST SAN DIEGO 283-2211 iiiiii 

'LIiASE '''UtNT THE ABO"E C JVPON5 .HOAl $[AVICE 
OI'RR EXPIRES I'EI. 15. 1171 



hie' 

Spring 
Break 
• In 
MAZATLAN 

-~-
___ -.-.- .. ' '"I.it. 

$17100 
total 

Leave March 27 5 days/4 nights 
incladee hotel, delaxe dinner, .peeial 
diseoant book, taxes, airfare, bay. 
cruiee and airport transfere. 

Call Now - 566-8490 

'TLC Travel 
70'10 MIRAMAR ROAD. SU ITE " D" 

SAN OIEGO. AI.HORNIA 4 2 111 . Pl-IONE (714 15b6-11490 

Mary is a loan interviewer at your 
University and State Employees Credit Union. 
Daily she comes face to face with people 
that share the same kinds of money needs 
you have. And daily she sees those problems 
solved quickly and conveniently. Mary likes 
her job, because Mary likes to make UCSD 
folks happy. 

If you or your spouse is employed 
through UCSD. then you're eligible to take 
advantage of U.S.E. Credit Union's low cost 

triton times 

TT 
Valentine 
Classlfleds 
Are Comlngl 

PHOTO 
SUPPtlFS 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 
UCSDBudpt 

Numben Accepted 

loan program. 

Friday, Jenu.ry 27, 1978 

DNA •.. 
(Condnued from pale I) 

A similar situation occurred concerning Harvard Umverslty 
and Cambridge. Massachusetts. Recombina.lt DNA research was 
beinl conducted at Harvard but was subsequently halted by an 
ordinance. passed by the Cambridge City Council. that outlawed 
recombinant DNA research. 

"The (Harvard and Cambridge) are an example of how it is done 
badly." commented Henderson. "It was a lack of interchange 
between the university and the government. It is not something 
that would realistically happen at UCSD," he continued. 

Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation (SCRF) , located north 
of the campus on North Torrey Pines Road. also has plans for a P3 
facility and should have it built in "a month or two," according to 
Dr. Jaciento Vasquez, Associate Director of Research. Currently 
SCRF has submitted no applications to NIH for doing P3 level 
work, but from the fact the building is designed for P3 level 
containment it is assumed there will be requests to do P3 level 
work in the future, said Vasquez. 

Border ... 
(Continued from page Z) 
night. There are occasional 
movies, no TV, a tiny one-room 
PX and a few pool and pin,-
pong tables. 

First Sgt. Terry Trabough's 
G-troop, now on station at Hof, 
is typical of the border patrol 
units, he claims. Of his 153 men, 
noen have gone up on drug 
charges, none have gone AWOL 
and only three have been 
assigned to the compulsory 
alcohol rehabilitation pro-
gram, figures which contrast 
sharply with infantry units 
further back of the border. 

"The 'G' in G-troop stands for 
God," says Trabough with a 
wry smile. 

The basic mission of the 
border patrol is simple 
surveillance of the border, Sgt. 

West explained. That job is 
performed by random patrols 
in wheeled and tracked 
vehicles along border roads, by 
helicopter and radar. 

But at least 18 Sheridan tanks 
and 10 armored personnel 
carriers are at Hof at all times, 
ready for deployment to 
prearranged defense positions 
within minutes of an invasion , 
an eventuality that most 
trooper consider highly 
unlikely. 

" We' re basically along thE 
front line and our mission in 
event of an attack is to delay the 
thrust . We ' re the Indian 
scouts in taks, Kill ratio-wise, 
we ' re the ones that get 
annihilated so the division can 
know what's facing them," 
says a young G-trooper. 

Book 
P..,t»clc, 
EKc'u~".'Y 

Thou .... . .. Of 
p ......... . 

Pmloully owned 

All 1/2 price 
10c to $1.00 
or trlde 2 for 1 

My.teries 
Science Fiction 
... AII Cltegori .. 
I mported greeting cerds, 
postcards, gift wrap end 
posters. 
"Marcel Schurman" exclusively. 

Open until 9 PM 
737 Pt.,t ·Suite 101 

(next to the Soup Exchafti8) 
La Jolla 

LEARN TO FLY 

We lend money for nearly every,thing, 
and at among the lowest loan rates I 
anywhere. People like Mary make your U.S.E. 
Credit Union stand alone in the finanCial 
field. And that means you can stand a loan 
from your Credit, Unionl California Gliders 

Flight Training Center 
offers 

P.S. Ask about payroll deduction. It will help 
ypu set aside money from your paycheck to 
payoff the loan automaticallyl 

Hang Gliding Instruction 
at aU levels -

novice thru expert 

I [1[]~[§ Q)NCUA 7 Days a week Certified USHGA Instructors U.ivenlty & State Ellpleyles 
, Cretllt U" 

for further Information 
" Where you can belong for • llfe'ime" CONTACT 

453-5620 
ALBION CORPORATION 
8490 PRODUCTION AVE. 

SAN DIEGO, CAUFORNIA 

Call on your U.S.E. Creel" Union Today 
92121 

(714) 271·7810 


