
, 

~ 
~ . 

care to receive Reg Fee funding 
:-""_-- -

McElroy OKs recommendation 
bv Dave Eisen 

In a move that supporters of the campus Day Care Center call " a 
big victory for us, " Chancellor McElroy Monday afternoon 
approved an Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs (Reg 
Fee) recommendation to fund the center on a one-year, $25 ,475 
basis. 

McElroy accepted the advice of the Advisory Committee which 
met in an early Monday morning meeting before nearly 200 
spectators, most of them students and day care supporters. 

The funding of the center is now considered permanent - a 
semantic difference from the "temporary" title the center has 
held in the past - though its fate will be submitted to the students 
in a referendum this fall , according to the terms of McElroy's 
approval. 

The proposal for funding passed the Advisory Committee in a 74 
vote, with co-chair Rick Whitehill , Budget Officer Bob Oakes, 
Warren College Dean Gary Frost and Third College Provost Joe 
Watson dissenting. 
~ In an earlier vote, a funding proposal by Watson of $17,000 was 
I.. defeated 5 to 6 with all the student representatives dissenting. 

While calling the $25,475 allocation "a bare minimum", orle i day care representative called the Advisory Committee vote a 
f " big victory." Barry Hyman, Commissioner of Student Welfare, 
t said "We're happy with the judgment. I think they were fair. " 

The funding makes a success of the three-day sit-in in McElroy's 
office, which ended Friday afternoon with the arrest of 21 .A UCSD poIke officer .t_tl. s-ni 'otItaide C .... ceUor McBroy'. office Monuy 

mor.i.. •• p.rt of McElroy' •• ew policy of not .lIowing .tudent. into the 
....... tr.tio. complex withotlt _ appomtmeat. 

Closed forum on tenure held 
Saltman calls for confidentiality 

by Steve Go ld decisions are rendered; Ute Vice:ch~mce116r 0 i\cademic possibility of published lists on 
Affairs Paul Sattman stressed who is up for tenu.re, who did not 
the importance of confidenti- receive it and why; confidenti-
ality regarding tenure review ality and student involvement 
Monday afternoon in a closed in the process. 

tenure ~as denieci.:' 

forum designed to generate However, the focus of the 
more student input into the forum shifted to individual 
tenure process. professors' tenure cases and 

The forum's organizer, Mike the · apparent lack of student 
McDonald, a Muir special representation in the UCSD 
projects major, originally Academic Senate as a whole. 
planned on confrontinJ, Salt- Over half of the two hour, 15 
man, Chancellor William minute session involved debate 
McElroy and Dean of Graduate on issues other than tenure. 

Saltman, considered to be the 
ultimate authority on the 
tenure process, also stated, 
"The faculty member or 
candidate (for tenure) must 
receive a summary of review 
from me ... but this is private 
informational knowledge." 

McElroy speaks 

Studies Manny Rotenberg with . SaUman says 

McElroy reiterated the basic 
criteria for tenure (described 
in full in this issue of the Triton 
Times in the first of a three-part 
series on tenure) after Mc-
Carthy's introductory -remarks . 
as scholarship, teaching ability 
and community work, with 
scholarship (research and 
publications) carrying the 
most weight in the final 
decision. 

the feasibility of a student In explaining why informa-
serving on the Ad Hoc Commit- tion on certain professors up for 
tee, a major advising force in tenure review is'withheld and 
granting tenure. why these professors are 

At the meeting 's outset, ' denied tenure, Saltman stated, 
moderator Peggy McCarthy, •• confidentiality must be 
the Coordinator of the Health maintained on who is being 
Sciences Program at UCSD, consi dered . It would be 
noted the forum would include embarrassing to the individual 
discussion on ho.w tenure profes80r to publicize why 

Complexity 
the major 
factor in 
tenure 

Rotenbe rg emphasized 
•. good teaching is necessary 
but not sufficient in tenure 

(Please turn to page 8) 
by S&eve Gould 

The tenure review process of professors at UCSD can be 
likened to the famous Watson-Crick double-helix model of ON A 
combination. Both are lengthy, extremely intricate processes 
wholly understood by very few. 

While the mystery of the double-helix took year to unfold, 
tenure review appears to be unravelling at a similar snail's 
pace. 

In order to clear up the misconceptions of tenure review, 
Vice-chancellor of Academic Affairs Paul Sattman outlined in 
detail the process for the Triton Times. 

Reasons for 
Each assistant professor, lecturer or instructor (all labeled 

as junior faculty) at UCSD is subject to review according.to the 
discretion of the individual department in which he/she works, 
with associate and full time professors exempt from the 
process. 

This is the first of a three part series on tbe &enure review 
process at UCSD. Today's segment explains tbe review process 
and includes remarks made by Vice-chancellor of Academic 
Affairs Dr. Paul Saltman. 

The department chairman can call for tenure review by 
necessity, time factor (a non-tenured faculty member mu t be 
reviewed between hi orherfourthandeighthy aratUCSD) or 
if the faculty member i deemed to have promi a a fulltime 
professor. . 

According to a reply to que tlOns asked of altman by Third 
College faculty member in February of thi year. th rea on 
for conducting a four y r apprai al of juniorfaculty i "look d 

t from two per pe tlves: that of th individual and that of th 
in titution ." 

students. _ 
A demand of the day care supporters to the Advisory Committee 

to request McElroy to drop all charges against the arrested 
students passed by a 2-1 vote with eight abstentions. There was no 
word from McElroy by late Monday. however, as to whether he 
would heed that advice. In a final vote, the committee called for a 
response from McElroy to their recommenda tions wi thin 48 hours. 

It took the Chancellor less than three hours to respond with a 
press release, saying in part, " I will approve the reco~me~dation 
f the Advisory Committee to expend $25,475 of RegIStratIOn Fee 

funds . Bid requests to possible contract operators will be 
withdrawn. " 

The statement continued, " I continue to believe that the annual 
cost per fulltime child of over $4 ,000 is excessive and that i.n the 
future we will have to evolve a new mode of day care operatIOn to 
accommodate a larger number of children. " 

The overflow North Conference Room crowd was for the most 
part quiet for the 7: 45 meeting of the Advisory Committee Monday 
morning. Some supporters held signs ("Quality, not cost-effective 
day care" ) and cheered when friendly statements were made 
during the meeting. 

Emotional speecb 
In an emotional speech that preceeded the full funding proposal, 

Muir College representative to the committee Carroll Wills said, 
" We can't ignore the 4000 signatures (on day care petitions) or the 
hundreds involved in the sit-in or the 21 who were arrested or the 
vast news coverage we received. We heard you. We're your peers 
- we felt what you felt. " • 

Wills criticized the Chancellor for " changing his mind and 
confusing the (advisory) committee." 

The ensuing vote was met by a standing ovation by most of the 
audience . 

The funding recommended by the Chancellor was thought by 
(Plea e turn to page 7) 

The individual should be made aware of his or her chances of 
success in academia. By the time of the fourth year review, this 
determination should be reasonably clear. 

"We feel it is in the best interest of the indtvidual to be given a 
clear picture of his/ her future prospects so that appropriate 
alternative plans can be made if necessary. 

"From an institutional perspective, we want our own 
assessment of how our junior faculty is progressing and 
whether a given faculty member hould be encouraged to 
continue in the profession or not. " 

Criteria listed 
Tenure, which assures a faculty member the safety of 

employment and affords him or her the opportunity of 
promotion and prestige in respective departments, is ba ed on 
three major criteria. 

1) Scholar hip and research - any creative endeavor related 
to the professor's field . 

2) Teaching ability. 
3) Service to the univer ity , to the aeademic arena, to ocial 

and governmental institution . 
Saltman noted that these three are nut weighed evenly. They 

are stressed in the above Ii ted order. Hypothetically, a faculty 
member who excells in t aching and ~; rvic but is defici nt 
lightly in re earch can be denied tenure, wherea a widely 

published earch r who t ('h ' .. ~ _ • '! i~ p:1r e n 
receive tenure. 



, -

OPln~on 
Day are-how much? 

TIle qaes&loll. feel Is DOt whe&ller or not &lie university should 
provlcle some Idad of day care .ervlce for s&udenis wllo are 
pereais. If suee .tudenis are quaUfled &0 a'teDd UCSD. aDd need a 
day care service &0 lake care of &lleAr cbUciren wbUe &lley are in 
c .......... &M IIIIlversity sIaoaId provi4e &IIat service. 

TIle qlleldoll .. - ..... , level day care should. or can. be 
provided? TIle level day care parenas demud is. we feel. Jus, &00 
ellpell8ive for &lie IUIlOIIJIt of IerVIee provided. A sm .• &o&aI 
bIIdJe' - wid! ".475 of &Iult eomia, from Rqls&radon Fees - is 
&00 IIIP for • enler dIa' can. by &lie Fire ManbaU's order, care 
for only 3! clalldrell a' ODe lime. 

S&iU. it wu IGOd &bat &lie Advisory Colllllli'&ee on Shldent Fee 
Protrams Monday revened Its earlier ..... n aDd decided &0 
live &lie Day Care Center &lie ".475 II needs &0 coa&lDue opera&lD, 
Dellt year. TIle commI'&ee's decision wu ,ood. u II will allow Day 
Care Center pareDis, aad &be campus Bus1aeu Office. &0 work 
very IIanII llellt year at fiadla, bo&b DeW fUDdinI sources aDd ways 
of nUlq eoIis from &be eea&er's cllJTent budlet. 

Tllere are leveral J»bvioas ways for &lie center &0 10 about &bese 
&asks. TIle flnt way would be &0 relaiD fUDdin,'rom &be United 
Way orpaizatloa. wbleh used &0 flUId &be center, but pulled out 
beeaue &lie AcImiais&ration rehlsed &0 10 a1on, with wbat seems &0 
be a simple, tolleal request: &bat &be day care parents be allowed 
&0 form a board &0 lovera &be center's acdvides. If Chancellor 
McElroy can be penaaded &0 10 a10D, wi&b &bis requirement. 
United Way landinl could apia beeome a reality. 

O&ber ways &lie center could pare doWll its budlet deal more wi&b 
chan"'l CurreDt procedures. PareDt fees could be raised !O 
perceDt - SIlO per mon&b is stm a good bargain for child care. 
Parents could be required &0 work direcdy with &be chUdren a 
cel1ala amount 01 time. UCSD s&udenis. especially &bose OD won 
s&ady, could be bired &0 work wi&b &be cbildreD. Perhaps student· 
volan&een could receive academic credit for working at &be 
center. 

Ba' all these proposldons are basically stopgap measures, 
which do not address tbe real problem - that the Day Care Center 
Is just too small. It only accommodates 32 children at one lime. and 
10 kids are on the waltinl Ust. Most of the parents who need the day 
care services aren't getting &bem on campus, because of the 
center's size. 

So expansion of the current facilities Is a must. While it will 
mean a greater cost - thus making money-saving efforts even 
more essential- it is a necessity, if the university is as committed 
to quality day care as it always says it is. 

Perbaps some of the bun,a1ows on Warren Campus, that are 
located near the center, could be renovated for use by the children. 

••••• 

Wbile we approve of the Advisory Committee's decision to fund 
day care witb reg fee monies. we strongly disapprove of its 
decision-making process on this issue. Two weeks ago, the 
Advisory Committee made a decision to not fund the center next 
year. Then, committee members reversed themselves, after all of 
last week's hue and cry at McElroy's office. 

This raises a vital question: Can any group which corrals 500 
supporters. chases McElroy out of his office, keeps it for tbree 
days, tben bas 21 of its numbers arrested, receive 125,000 in Reg 
Fee monies? 

We hope the answer to Oiis question is no. The Advisory 
Committee should hold well-publicized hearings on eacb group for 
wbicb it considers funding, and aHow a fair amount ottime for the 
groups affected to state tbeir cases. Then, "aving done its 
research, and baving beard from all sides, it should make a 
decision - and stand by it. 

For the commmittee &0 change its mind after being sbouted at-
for whatever cause - is a bad precedent. 

In reversing themselves, thougb, Advisory Committee 
members made up a good compromise measure. Wbile tbey gave 
tbe Day Care Center the lunding necessary for another year of 
operation, they also directed that a student referendum be held in 
the fall, to see whether students want their Reg Fees to fund day 
care. Tbis was a wise move. For too long. tbe Advisory Committee 
has made decisions about student money without knowing 
whetber it is doing what student.'i desire. 

Everyone blew it 
Tbere were no good guys last Friday aftemoon. The day care 

supporters let themselves become carried away by tbeir romantic 
visions of sixties-like protests. Chancellor McElroy said one thing 
and did another. which in the English language is known as lying. 

The protestors refused to accept a last minute Advisory 
Committee on Student Fee Programs offer Friday afternoon, that, 
even if it wasn't, equal to the offer they accepted Monday moming, 
was a concessi n by the committee and R decen t negotiating base. 
Given. the situalion was tense. but it was obvious that inside 
McElroy's offie e the cooler heads did not prevail . 

Yes,going to ~ail can be fun - we all miss People's Park and tear 
gas wafting down Telegraph Avenue. However, that paradigm of 
social protest, Ing handcuffed and led away by campus police, 
which can be 81 legitirna!~ 8vPnue of expression, should only be 
used wben othtr avenues have been exhausted. 

The proteskln' decision to be arrested, in the face of a 
legitimate conte,sion from the committee, was inappropriate. 

The ChancelJ1)t, for his part, acted dishonorably. Wednesday 
mom lng, wben the protestor first entered his office, McElroy told 
them he would join them in a meeting with tbe Advisory 
Committee to di uss day care funding. The meeting occurred 
tbat aftemoon; McElroy wasn't there. • 

McElroy tben must bear mo t of the blame for the arrests made 
Friday. Not only was it his decision to send in the polic , butit was 
in a large part his di honesty that caused the demon trators to 
distrust both the administration and the committee, thereby 
causing tbem to reject the committee's last minute offer. 

In all it m that with a liltl Ie emotion on the part of tbe 
demonstrators and a little more hon sty on th part of the 
Chancellor, there would have been day care without arr st . 

WedrMeder. NIIy 17.1171 
-------------------------=-:..--'- ---

ttJuNEM1IMT 
E'AI-lAi ..... ~N.ofIPl,..1 

HONOIlIN CIIIi.M._ 

Students must not give in 
Editor: 

So hooray for Barry Carltoo, wisest 8age and 
venerable man of experience! In his Mav 3rd article, 
he ma,nanimously enlightens us to oqr own sicltly 
feeblene8s . So. Will Wright is a vain "armchair 
revolutionist", we are told. The Administration is 
pennanently deaf and~ariDg, be say •. We 8tudents 
are all impotent bellars, he essentially concludes. We 
can rant and rave - but it won't make one damn 
difference. So what the bell, eat drink and be merry, ye 
fools. 

their past battles against the " bureaucracy." Those 
are J'elrettable incidents. However, thOle people 
should not condemn the rest of us for still trying to cure 
the ills of today. 

Insofar as Professor Wright is concerned, DO one can 
deny that he Is a popular teacher. Witness the 
bundreds of 8tudents who earnestly tried to ,et into his 
la8t UCSD-tauaht class . Do they have "weak 
analytical and critical skill.?" Most of those who got 
into Sociology 1. are juniors and seniors. Many of the 
students on the walUn. Ust are sophomore8. After two 
to four year8 of analytical university life, are all these 
people wrong about Prof. Wright? Doe8 Dr. Wright 
have some socerery spell over the students to make 
them believe he's a ,reat teacher? Do all these 
students lack powers of logical reasoning? No! The 
UCSD students must he given more credit! And even 
fre8hmen possess the same ability to correctly judge 
the quality of instructors! UCSD i8 one of the most 
analytical schools of the UC system. People here have 
to critically analyze situations. 

BaHgarbale! (Sorry, Eric.) 
The past might have been frustrating . Ba' wily Do& 

live iD UIe preteDt? WIly DOt werk for &be f.'IIre? Tbe 
Age of Miracles, some may say, ilgone. Thatdeesn 't 
mean we have to give up! That doesn' t mean we sbould 
simply lament over past failures. Merely cryint and 
pounding our fists in the air will not right iojustices. 
The past cannot be changed. But the present can he 
fought! A better future can be realized! However, just 
saying that we don' t have a damn chance is defeati8m. 

In 1940, the British people faced their blackest 
moment in English history. Hitler had mastered all of 
Europe. The massive Nazi air force swannedoverthe 
British Isles. Every day the few British pilots rose in 
their Hurricanes and Spitfires to meet the Luftwaffe. 

En~land stood alone against the shadow of an 
invlllcible foe . Defeat seemed imminent. Yel &bey cUd 
nol Jive in! The British people did not fall into abject 
apathy or defeatism. They united in the spirit of 
optimism and hope. They kept on fighting ... and they 
won! 

All right, maybe Will Wright doe8 resemble an 
"annchalr radicaL" He is angry, that's for sure. 
However. as Susan Stone points out in her May 1st 
letter, be's only a professor and not "a revolutionary 
activist." About some people complaining that he 
doesn't do anything, well, consider thi8: he's being 
fired. It's pretty hard 10 save a sinking ship when 
you're thrown overboard! 

UCSD faces a turning point in 1978. Perhaps the 
"protest" will die down during the summer. But the 
memory of this quarter 's dismissals will not. 
Hopefully, the new officers of the AS will work for real. 
substantial refonn and progress. The questions of the 
tenure process, parking fee raises-and other matters 
will confront them. Pray that they won't " blink" in the 
face of adversity. And pray that we, the students of 
UC San Diego, will not yield to apathy and disinterest. 
UCSD is a good school. ;By constructive optimism,let's 
make It even better! 

In 197B, a number of seemingly undefeatable 
problems confront us. The Administration seems 
unaware of student sentiments. Parking fees may go 
up. And popular professors are still being ousted. 
Nevertheless, these problems can be resolved . 
Constructive change can be achieved - if we only 
keep on trying! Giving up is no way to solve problems. 
Defeatism and apathy will conquer a nation before 
any battle. Unfortunately, some people may have lost JOHN D. YOUNG 

Eckery "fantasy" to increase 
activities fee: luckily illegal 

Editor: 
It ' s always a sbame when 

someone witb a lot of potential for 
helping students succumbs to the 
beguiling corruptions of managing 
more money. Fortunately, Kevin 
Eckery's fantasy about increasing 
the Campus Activity Fee without a 
student vote to support fUll-time AS 
staff is against Regent's regula-
tions. Considering the record 
established by this year's AS, I urge 
students to keep it that way. 

For anyone interested in fighting 
the Eckery Plan, and in seeing that 
Campus Activity Fee money is 
properly used, here are some facts 
worth knowing: 

1) In March of 1972 the UCSD 
Student Body, sick and tired of AS 
corruption, voted overwhemingly 
to make student government at 
UCSD voluntary. 41.2'Y. of the 
students participated inthat vote -
a larger percentage than has voted 
in any subsequent election. 

2) The AS Fee was replaced, by a 
student vote in May of 1972 , by the 
Campus Activity Fee - for the 
primary purpose of supporting 
8tadeDt or,anlzation8. Control was 
specifically taken away from the 
student government. 

3) These votes were established 
as Regents' Policy, as recorded in 
Chapter 6060 of tbe University of 
California PlaMiDg and Budget 
Manual. 

4) Last year's vote' establishing 
the current AS did not change the 
Campus Activity Fee into a 
mandatory student government 
fee . The Student Affairs OUice hal 
been violating student votes and 
Regenu' regulations all year by 
giving the AS control over the 
allocation and expenditure of these 
fees . 

5) The Campus Activity Fee is a 
voluntarily imposed fee which will 
not be changed in amount by the 
Regents without a vote of the 
student body. 

The Eckery Plan would simply 
tax students one more time, to hire 
another set of fulltime, impossible-
to-fire bureaucrats. The AS would 
undoubtedly become even more of a 
tool of " career" student affairs 
people than it already Is . Kevin has 
no excuse for uggestlng this tupid 

plan to remold the AS in the image 
of the Vice -chancellor 's Office , 
unless perhaps he's afraid that he 
won't he able to find a job when he 
graduates. 

The Campus Activity Fee is 
intended for the activities of 

students in student organizations. 

Students should demand that it be 
used for tbis purpose, a nd that the 
AS apply for funds just like any 
other student organization. 

DON STREBEL 

Eckery apologizes to 
Lofgren for remarks 
Editor: 

Last Friday, a story appeared on the front page of the Triton Times 
concerning a disDute between myself and the newly elected External 
Affairs Commissioner, Jim Lofgren, over the SI~Dln( 01 my name.on an 
endorsement letter without my pennission. The article said that I was lied 
to, that Jim is two-faced, and several other various epithets. 

I cannot say that I was misquoted. because I was not. I can, however, say 
that my words were spoken in anger, and that for my words, lowe Jim 
Lofgren an apology. 

Shortly after the May 3 election, I noticed that my name bad been signed 
to an endorsement letter for Jim Lofgren. I was surprised, and a little 
upset. I went to the Triton Times and obtained copies of the original letters, 
which I used to confront Jim as to how my name got in the Triton Times. 
Words were exchanged, but Jim and I settled our differences and PUt the 
letter aside. When approached by a reporter about printing a story about 
the incident, I said no, that Jim and I had settled the matter. 

On Monday of last week (May B) , I received word that Jim had switched 
his support in the AS Presidential race from John Jenkel to Gary Moser. 
Due to the tension8 of the campaign (1 was very strongly supporting 
Jenkel), I took Jim's action personally, and decided that somehow his 
apology about the letter had been intended to hurt the Jenkel campaign 
(for the life of me, I can't at this time figure out how) . I then lashed out, 
called the Triton Times, and asked them to print the story about the letter. 

My actions were petty and vindicative, intended solely to hurt Jim's 
reputation. T.he prol)f'r course would have been to talk to Jim and smooth 
things over in person, but I childishly avoided speaking to him. The things I 
said to Mark Stadler were said in a fit of anger, and should not be 
considered gospel. In the future , I intend voicing my complaints in person, 
and not using the public Corum of the Triton Times. 

KEVIN ECKERY 

$25,000: small sum 
Editor: 

Undoubtedly , this issue of th TT will be full of coverage of the takeover 
of the Cha ncellor's office. I am sure a lot of rhetoric will be thrown around , 
but one simple statement is in order. 

It takes $210 million to run UCSD for one year. If anyone in power reall 
was concerned about d cent day ca re. th small sum of $25,000 would be 
available without any hassle whatsoeve·r. Forget the irr sponsibllity of 
ACSFP for one moment. Th hancellor ha ultimate control ov r all 
funds . The final d ci ion lies in hi hands . and thi issuelsJust that simple. 

MI HAEL B. BERGER 

W"fadey, May 17, 117..::.1_~ ___ ~ _____ :--__ -=b.=.:::tto=n=-=ti=m.=.:::es=-________________ -i-. ____ page~_3 

Opinion 
Day care approval 
Students of UCSD: 

We, the undersigned organizations, upport the 
parents and students of UCSD in their struggle to keep 
decent and quality day care at the university . 
Regardless 01 the fact that .,000 students sielled 
peti tions reque8ting that only 83 cents per quarter Pe 
used from their reg fess for the Day Care Center 
(which in fact adds up to only Ifj of 1 percent of the 
annual reg fee budget); regardless of the fact that in 
an emergency meeting on Friday, May 12th, the 
student reg fee committee voted five to four to fund the 
Day Care Center for the requested $25,000; and 
regardless of the overwhelming support sbown by 
students at the three-da)' sit-in at the Chancellor's 
office, McElroy and the Administration decided to 
arrest 21 students who refused to vacate the office 
Friday afternoon, and denied the parents' request for 
suffiCient funds to subsidize the bay Care Center. We, 
as students at this university, cannot let this happen. 
In purposely ignoring the mandate from the student 
body and arresting 21 peacefully protesting parents 
and students, the Administration has graphically 
demonstrated its complete disregard Cor student 
welfare, anq its detennination to close the present, 
parent-controlled Day Care Center at any cost. 

It is time for the entire student body to express their 
solidarity in the face of the strone-ann tactics of the 
university . We are rapidly organizing into a powerful 
force which the administration must deal with. For 
too long we have seen the powerlessness of student 
voice concerning the investmentofUC money in racist 
South Africa . We have seen the CIA on campus. We 
have seen excellent professors denied tenure and have 
been given specious and unsatisfactory answers when 
we have tI.ared to ask why. Then we are told it's none of 
our business. We have watched the Administration 

Bekken to Hunt 

wase a campaign to liquidate the present day care 
faCility , and we have been arrested and trea'ed like 
criminals when we have dared to stand up and demand 
a say in this matter . Well, we no longer in~en~ to be 
ignored or intimidated. And we ask for your IOdlvidual 
support, as a way of winning not only this stru¥gle, but 
of securing body power and control of se rvices and 
academics at the university . Support the day care 
struggle. Attend the rallies and meetings whenever 
possible. It Is possible to make a change at this 
university. and with your help we are already over 
halfway there . 
The COMMITTEE FOR NEW AMERICAN 

DECENT DAY CARE MOVEMENT 
UCSD WOMEN'S STUDENT AFFIRMA-

CENTER TIVE ACTION COMM. 
GA Y STUDENTS ASOC. AMERICAN FEDERA-
DISABLED STUDENTS TION OF TEACHERS 

UNION COMMUNICATION 
C.A.P.E. STUDENTS UNION 

FEMINIST CHILD CARE COLLEC-
COALITION TIVE AND CLEARIN 

RAPE TASK FORCE HOUSE ORG. 
AMENESTY SOCIAL REVOLUTION 

INTERNATIONAL ANARCHIST FED. 
WOMEN CARE EASTERN EURO-

H30 SUITE - PEAN CINEMA CLUB 
TIOGA HALL VOZ FRONTERlZA 

ROADWORK LlT- KSDT RADIO 
ERARY MAGAZINE UCSD PRINT COOP 

(HELICON) GROUNDWORK 
POLITICAL BOOKS 

EDUCATION GROUP AFSCME 
THIRD COLLEGE CLAMSHELL 

PEER COUNSELORS ALLIANCE 
TEACHE~ ED. PROG. UC DAY CARE 

NEW INDICATOR CENTERS (UCLA, 
COLLECTIVE UCB. UCR, UCSB. 

NATIVE AMERICAN UCSC) 
STUDENT AU-lANCE 

.""' .. " ...................... ... _ ........ _ .. " ................ ( 

. ~ 
"COMMUNITY' 1BL(x)DB~ f .. 
! 9831ndl. ! AS election invalid 

Acting VC Student Affairs H. Hunt: 
It has been brought to our attention that several violations of the 

ASUCSD Elections Code not reported in my previous memoranda have 
taken place. The extent of these violations is truly outrageous, and merits 
immediate, and drastic, action. 

~ 327 F Street , 
t PAYS DONORS t 
C ? 
, for Service ',:: 
f Mon. · Fri . 
, 233-5481 , 
: 234·4601 : L~ ........................... _ ..................... t1. ........ _.c 

p-----~--------------------~ : EARN $3.50/hour : 
: Full or part-time work to distribute the 1978 : 
:Zip Code Directories in your own area, .: 
I ·Flexible hours around school schedule I 
: ·Work at your own pace : 
: ·Summer openings available now : 

~-------~J»~Z§~'11Q--------! 

First, Jim Lofgren, candidate for Commissioner of External Affairs, 
had letters of endorsement printed in the Triton Times which contained 
forged endorsements. Inasmuch as Lofgren was the victor in this race the 
forgery of Jeff Leifer's and Kevin Eckery's signatures could well have 
been a significant factor in the elections. 

Second, as noted by Jon Osborn, outgoing Third College Rep., posting 
regulations for Third College were not enforced. These violations were 
similar to violations occurring throUjhout the campus, but are the only 
such violations to be systematically noted and documented . Osborn is right 
in noting that these violations were major, although his conclusion that 
such violations do not justify the invalidation of the elections is in error. 

SlOP ScralChlng Around 
Third, polling did not occur on the Friday of sixth week, as rquired by the 

codes, but instead occurred on Thursday. 
Fourth, the polling location at Warren College failed to open. 
Fifth, the polling location at Third College failed to remain open for the 

announced voting hours . Jon Osborn can verify that these polls failed to 
comply with the codes in this regard. 

Sixth, the gym steps polling place opened late. Bill Friedman witnessed 
the late opening of this polling location. 

Proper identification procedures were not observed at the gym steps 
polling place by Lori Dority at the time when I voted. I have no date as to 
whetber these procedures were followed by other polling attendants, but in 
view of the results of my research from the last election. I doubt it. 

Eighth, Scot Spicer, Student Organizations Advisor, interfE!red in the 
elections (see TT, May 12. new Indicator, May 16) . 

Ninth, the AS Council has failed to approve the elections results in 
a timely fashion . Only one council member was in attendance at the 
meeting called for this purpose and, although legally (according to AS 
Bylaws, although in conflict with the AS Constitution) he could carry on 
business, he declined to take action. 

Even if the courts had not held that the results, in such cases, of the 
elections need not be different to compel that events be reconducted in 
accordance with due process and regulations the violations In this instance 
are so great that it is clear that the results were a ffected . The 12 percent 
drop in turnout may be attributa~le to the inability C)f .students to fi~d 
polling places that were open dunng the aMounced voti~ ~urs. QUI~ 
probably the percentage of Warren Coll~ge students voting .IS down, 10 
view of the fact that tbeir polls never did open. Some candl~ates have 
benefitted from illegal aid offered by Spicer, and from the failure of the 
committee to enforce its regulations . . . 

It would be incorrect to say that the legitimacy of the elections IS 10 
question. The violations are so numerous that no que&tions can remain. 
The elections clearly are not valid, a nd the Administration is obligated to 
intervene and declare them 1.0 he void. This becomes '!specially urgent 
when one considers the likelihood that the AS will never be able to convene , 
a meeting with a quorum in order to ratify the results. Prompt action on 
your part is essential. In order to safeguard the legality of your puppet you 
must hold it to its rules a nd regulations. This has not been done, and the 
responsibility is now yours. Act quickly and enjoy. 

JONBEKKEN 
• • . , • • • . , • . , • • e , . , e , I. . Ie . , • . , • . , 

{[al of 1fi~ .31 olia 
HAIR STYLISTS 

__ ----r-, 

..... :1 L" .lOLL" ILve. 

Bird Rock 

Quality Hair Str/ing 
For Men & Wome'l 

~ 

w. Ute and Sell 

~ aeauty Produc:tJ 
. . '. . '. . .' '. '. . .' .' . . 

Records are too 
t expensive to ruin! 

Come In to our Needle 
Clinic May 17 and have 

your old needle checked. 
May 17.a Pfanstiehl representative will be at the 
bookstore to inspect your old diamond needles 
under a microscope and advise you on any 
problems or questions you may have. 

lIaadla Dau SpaCial 
_ While you're in, check our full line 
of pfanstiehl electronic accessories 
including tape cleaning kits, cassette 
mailing cartons, indoor antennas, 
diamond needles, all priced to 
fit your budget. 

on All 
Diamond 
Needles 

Besides saving money on your new 
needle, you're saving your records! 

\0 
co",e 

The University B 

See you on Ma 17 



...... 

call 452·2(8) 

HOW LOIG 
since YOU'VI •• 

IDEIfIlST? 

UCSD DENTAL GROUP 
OPEN ALL SUMMER 

Il1o 
SPOUSES OF STUDEIfTS 
1lIIY lIlY. tilth cIantd 

and .umlnld 

Mon-Fri. 8 am ... pm 

STUDENT RATES 

-- - -
-

'Wi±'\8:1.'11 I ~-=-=a:a!!i!fl ~_ 
: GAME SHOW I CONTESTANTS! 
, The ~·new national game show TIC 'D\.C OOUGH will be in ! San Diego at the <;hanneI3~ studios on May 24th and June 21st 
I to conduct a S~lal ~creenmg for contestants. The people who 
I pas~ the s~nmg WlU go to HoUywood, and have the oppor-, tumty to WID thousands of doUars in prizes . 
I I CALL FOR I 

/APPOINTMENT ONLY:S70.1616j li 
&.K . 

ICST-W ' ' 

.. , ,~ .. 

Entertainment 
Brother Sun, Sister Moon: 
"Sugary smooth & edgeless" 

by Joseph Reiner . 
This movie was playing at the La Paloma but a religious group 

had advertised a free showing afUCSD for Thursday night so I 
went to that. An introductory speaker asked (or donations saying 
that the film had set his group back $50. Now I understand the 
poverty of religious groups in the US as well as the dext man so I 
decided to keep them true to their ad - besides I had to listen to a 
20 minute lecture on Saint Germaine and the Del Mar Ascendant 
Masters which counted as an admission fee in my mind. I guess, to 
paraphrase the old saying, tbere is really no such thing as a free 
movie. Brollaer Sun, SiSler Moon is quite popular, something of a 
minor cult film . One of the people I was sitting with said she had 
seen the film six times. To those members of the cult who cannot 
bear harsh words about their movie, I would suggest skippingto 
the end of this review where I have stored the few favourable 
comments I was able to scrounge up. 

The film was made by the Italian director Franco Zefferelli in 
1972. It is the story of St. Francis, a man who founded an ascetic 
order of monks based on a vow of Christ-like chastity, strict 
poverty and closeness to God and nature. His movement was a 
reaction to the rich and politically corrupt Catholic church of the 
twelfth century. 

~his movie ,has as. ":,uch the ~Iavor of a~cetic religiousity as does 
SalOt Joseph s asplTln for children. It IS too easily swallowed 
sugary smooth and edgeless. The two main characters Clare and 
Francesco (St. Francis) are both physically gorgeous: A woman 
behind me exclaimed at one point how cute Francesco was - and 
she was right, but it seems to me the movie fails if this is the 

~eaction one has to the Saint. Both these characters have a kind of 
mnocent dewy beauty that reminded me of a Romeo and Juliet 
film I had once seen. In dOing some reading I discovered Zefferelli 
had directed that film also. in 1968. 

The sound track was composed and sung by Donovan which 
went well with the sunny emptiness of the movie. The handling of 
pictorial composition was usually as predictable as the story's 
incidents (for example, the inevitable scene where the male and 
female run across an endless flowery field to embrace each other 
- which occurs towards the end of the movie) . Anytime more than 
four people appeared on the screen it looked horribly arranged. 
There )Vas also a tendency to imitate various rpligious Daintings in 
the frame , specifically, early in the film we view Francesco's 

bear~ed head through a filmy cloth 10 an ImitatIOn ot the painting 
of Christ's head on a shawl. This struck me as rather heavy handed 
and distracting. 

As for the positive comments I promised; this film contains a lot 
o( flowering Italian countryside which is very nice to look at. The 
costuming was fascinating (almost a theme of the movie) . The 
role of ~rancesco' s father, played by Lee Montague, had a very 
appropnate Boccaccian bawdiness given to it. The scene of the 
Pope's chamber was a spectacular image of gilded gold costumes 
and immensity . ' 

One might say that the film has an important message about 
nature , love and simplicity and that my criticism misses that 
point. However, this film does a lot to destroy itself and the 
worthwhile message and that is my m ajor point. Why, in a film 
concerned with these values, are the best things that one can say 
concerned mostly with it's physical appearance? 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • I 

KUZALIWA 
MALCOLM X's Birthday 

March and Rally 
in support of 

FULL EMPLOYMENT 
11 am Friday. May 19 

Assemble at SD City College 
- Also-

Workshops - Sat. May 20 
Keynote Speaker: Stanley Sheimbaum 

UC Regent 
8: 30·9: 00 
10-12: 00 
12: 45-2: 00 

Registration: $3 .00 includes lunch 
Policy Workshops 
Organizing Workshops 

South YMCA, 5040 Logan Ave. 
Co-sponsored by UR SO 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

"A cap-tionless 
'Pretty Ba 
•• I love you once, I love you 

This is the main premise of 
The story is about E .J. Bellocq, 

of 1917 New Orleans known 
Car.radine, visits the 
in order to make the IVllootr.,;ta 

Constantly hn.'oD";;~" 
Violet (Brooke ~lIIelU81 
camera....: he sees her \:IIJJUUIIIJ3' 
first venture into prostitution, 
platter to the highest bidding 
little whore captivates him, 
he tills in love with her. 

I was favorably impressed 
performance as the tender and 
his latest album - Lost and 
cottage cheese, small curd. 

Shield's enchanting portrayal 
slant of her eyebrows - ·the chi ' 
contradicts tne mnocence of her 
pubescent body. Yet it is impo 
She is at once a child and a 
venture to say that Violet is only 
crouches in lesser and greater 

Pretty Baby is a love story 
cinematic eye. Some attempt 
seem to mean anything. All we 
girl. There is no comment. The 
entirely - leaving us with a 

Pretty Baby is a captionless 
does not need to be more . 

"Paralegal Ca 
FOR COLLEGE GRA 

Friday 
June 2nd 
4-7 p.m. 

emise is love 
more than beans and rice ." Love. 

film Preuy Baby. 
living in the red-light district 

" Bellocq, played by Keith 
photographs the working women 

day be considered works of art. 
works is a twelve year old initiate, 
Violet with the steadfast eye of a 

bannisters, and he witnesses her 
in white lace, she is served on a 

Ily the piquant charm of the 
s indifferent professionalism, and 

radine's soft-spoken, yet arch 
and can alinost forgive him for 

is about as interesting as a bowl of 

to do Drimarily with the peculiar 
is streaked with a worldliness that 
the unpretentious ness of her barely 

that Violet is not another Lolita . 
a nymphet. In fact, I would 
"".~"l/u of the childlike element that 

all of us. 
the impersonal, documentary 

symbolism, but the symbols don 't 
.1 man in love with a twelve year old 

dialogue could be done away with 
h the style of a sober Chaplin. 
l,f a photographer and his love. It 

triton times 

Tom Petty: cute but good 
by Mikel Toombs 

Tom· Petty is cute and he 
knows it. He's got boyish blond 
good looks, he acts at times like 
a little kid (about nine-years-
old) and he can curl his lip a 
little like ELvis, so the minute 
he .... alked on stage Thursday 
night at Montezuma Hall he had 
the crowd on his side. But Tom 
Petty's appeal goes far beyond 
his appearance: in a short time 
he has developed into an 
unforced, unpretentious classic 
rock & roller, and he had the 
largely State University 
audience riveted to their seats. 
(That must have been it -
despite Petty's and their own 
enthusiasm they refused to 
stand up until the last song. 
Write it off as typical State 
student behavior, I guess.) 

Petty started slowly, using 
short but hard-hitting songs to 
build an atmosphere no doubt 
similar to a performance in the 
mid-sixties, mixing Beatles pop 
romanticism with the darker 
rhythm & blues - in(u:ied 
undertones of the Animals and 
the Rolling Stones . The 
influences were there but not 
blatant or overpowering; Petty 
is an extremely subtle perfor-
mer, expressing his feelings 
very directly in a single line 
such as "I don't like it" (in 
"Fooled Again") or through the 
repeated title of "You're Gonna 
Get It, Babe." The understated 
Dastiness of these songs is 
balanced by more positive (and 
almost as good) numbers like 
" Listen to Her Heart" and 
"Breakdown" , which ended 
with Pe ty repeating "it's all 
right" progressively softer 
until his voice could no longer 
be heard. 

Tom Petty & the Heart-
breakers are not a flashy band; 
the leads are short and to the 
point and the band became 
more intense as the night wore 
on. Petty featured songs from 
both his first and his upcoming 
second album, as well as a 
couple of oldies. Surprisingly 
the new material, although 
unfamiliar, seemed to come 
across best - the hooks 
asserted themselves quickly 
and before you knew it you were 
involved in the song. Perhaps 
the best selection from Petty's 
new record was the last in the 
set, the incredibly in-sistent " I 
Need to Know." 

sounds more like RO$er 
McGuinn than McGUinn 
himself does. 

The show-stopper, though, 
was the first encore, an r&b 
" Shout" that had Petty playing 
off the audience to the hilt, 
confirming Petty's depth of 
feeling and understanding -
this man knows rock & roll . 
After " Shout" his excellent 
cover of "Route 66", even with 
its Mick Jagger-styled vocal, 
was a big letdown. The totally 
won-over audience cheered for 
over ten minutes after the last 
encore, but to no avail. 

John Miles opened the show. 
He was okay. 

McClure readings 
Poet Michael McClure, for 

whom ecology is not an ideal 
but "an unalterable fact of all 
existence : it is how the 
universe breathes," will read 
from his works at .. pm 
Wednesday, May 17, in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge at the 
University of California, San 
Diego . . 

The reading is free and open 
to the public. McClure will also 
show videotapes of some of his 
recent theater events at a time 
and place to be announced. 

An eclectic writer, McClure 
is an avant-garde playwright, 
the" autobiographer ' ' of 
Hell ' s Angel "Freewheelin' 
Frank" , the author of a 
mystical book in non-English 
"beast language " and a 
luminary of the Beat move-
ment and the San Francisco 
poetry " renaissance." 

His peregrinations have 
encompassed a long Iceland-
Africa voyage, another through 
the Orient and a later trip to 
South America during which he 
wrote the Peru poems of 
Jaguar Skies . Both his life 
and his art have been entwined 
increasingly with environ-
mental issues and concerns. 

His UCSD appearance is a 
presentation of the New Poetry 
Series, a project of the Archive 
for New Poetry and is spon-
sored by the archive, the 
Department of Literature and 
Visual Arts and the University 
Events Office. 

All poetry readings are taped 
and become a part of the 
archive located on the eighth 
floor of the Central University 
Library. 

~(}J'II 60 onythin,9 ,"0, 

.A~~~"'~OiZinl/~" C;;:h'iRl"'" ' ~ 

UC San Diego University Event,. Office p'!tsenta • lecture 

Saturday 
June 3rd 
2- 5.p.m. 

THE CASE OF ETHEL 
AND 

P.~5 

FRIDAY nlTE 
rlL~'OCI 

_ DAN AlCIOYD 
.....COIIIY 

• GIlDA ItADNU 
• CMAIIUS~ 

7,9, 11 PM - May 1. MMdftlll. Auditorium 
Central Box Office, 452·4559 

Unlver.1t Ev ...... oil Ice 

@3 '4'* AND WOLF. RISSMILLER ~ONCEATS PRESENT . .. 

SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

RAINBOW 
FEATURING 

RONNIE RITCHIE COZY 
JAMES 010 BLACKMORE POWELL 

INTRODUCING 

NO DICE 
MONDAY MAY 22 

. SAN DIEGO srolTSABINA 
All S"IOts reserved. . • 
$6.75. 5.75. 4.75. Intmate Amphitheatre Style 

Tickets available at Sports Arena Box Office. all Bill Gamble's Stores 
and Arena Ticket Agencies. Information: (714) 224-4176 

FREE PARKING AND MILITARY DISCOUNT 
PRODUCED BY WOLF & RISSMILLER CONCERTS 

t. nudeor Navy. For phytk:s. 
cNmbny. ~nHI1no and moIh majm". 

OUiIIng along 1M bonorn Is 1M tasrer way 10 !he lOp. 
bdoy's Navy ~IW$ ~ Itlon holt 1M reoc:TOIS In 

"....,.-- AmeIIcXl. Our nudeor IIOInIno program Is 1M 
best~. And rudecPofI\<:Ien I1'I()W 

rapidly Itvou9h 1M ronks .amino 
ex«UItW ~ soIoIIe ( JIOIf Of 514.000). 

50, lfyc"i,.loohIng for 0 COfMf 

SCHOOL OF PARALIW.4F LHES 
University of West ..,..-.. --

10811 Wuhin2t~lO. 
JULIUS ROSENBERG ~In!he nud4tOl' field • .n. Navy CXJI'I QI-.. you 

1M boOIt!hot wi" 
J«'Id you .10 

1M POp. Culver City, 

A Comprehensive, 
Panlepl Specialist 

Pan-time Parale,al 
" Law and Law rel.ted 

COME AND BE OUR 
Retreahmenta will 

R.S.V.P. Call 
Sherry AUlrnac. 

Director of Student 

by Robert (Rosenberg) Meeropol 
"History will record ... that we were victims 

of the most monstrous frame-up 
of our country." 

Ethel and Julius Rosenberg, June 1953 

May 25, Thursday, 8:00 'Pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Stu. $1.00 
G.A. $2.00 

Also, Film: The Unquiet Death of Julius 
, and Ethel Rosenberg 

May 18, TLH 107, 7:30 pm, Free 
UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

LT John CHALKER. the 
Navy Officer Information 
Team. (714) 293-6444 or 
send resume to: NRD San 
Diego, NTC, Bldg. 335. San 
Diego, CA 92133. 

_ ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• '.'1 
• 



...... trtton times w......." Mer 17, 1171 

Sports I ••••••••••• I'''' II ....... ,. It •• 1,.,1 ••••• II ••••••• Expires May 24, 1978 : • ISSION SPECIAL: 
---''''''fC~~_--..... ..... ON MOST CARS $1410 

WITH THIS COUPON reg. $24." Renobettes lead scoring parade 
• Band Adlualment t- ~lcable) 

• • Change TranamlMion FlUid • Clean FIIW • Adjult Link. 
: • New "-' 0.11-' • Road Teet • ChecII Modulator 

: Mission Transmission & Brake. 
: ALL OUR WORK III FULL V GUARANTEED 2s YEARS EXPERIENCE 

j ... ~~.~~ .. ~!~!~~!'!.~~.~~!.~~: .. ~~~~1~.~., 

STUDYBREAK% 

This weekend catch 
our smile to the snow, 
the sun or a little 
home cooking. We're 
PSA. And we fly to 
more major airports in 
California than any 
other airline. 

The only thing atMcllng be .......... c.,.., you want at the place 
you went It -I. 1500 other people. United with oyer 200 locations 
coast to coast could help mike .... dlfteNnCe. 

can Ken 

~ 
UNITED PERSONNEL 

3511 Camino del Rio South, Suite 300 
San Diego, CA 12101 (714) 280-8803 

Deadline 
May 30 

.. n(NTIOM CMDUAI I NC SU IOU 
'PtflOUAHT "fQ«I'IATIOtI 

With 9r.d~tlon ,J lIst .rovnd the cornu, the cl'tMlCU a r c ,oM lh41l "IOU are tl'tlftldnt 
.a bCHft ,'''\lUe '~hool or work opportunill •• ounlde 0 ' ,he S.an 01_90 .r •• • K.ny 

~e"lon .r. heMIn. to IChoal" Ioc:eted owUld., 0' C.llfornia .and. con'«oulntl". new 
.robl~ CorM Into 'O<w.: ...... ,. to 'Iftd lodgIng; ~ to roo- ",It": .. ~t .rt tM 
n.19~rN)od, to stay .... '1' frOl" : Wf'Ier. t ... 900d relnut."" .. , ~ louted eNi jUH 
.. bout c.,lfy t hlng the l on. ne .. d l to ~nGIf abou t IIf . I,. II new cltv. 

'" order to _ .... IIf. J'"''' • Iini ••• ,I .r 'or '1'011, tM .tuCKI.t. ' Stuctenu of 
UCSO"', In'roduc.e4 "1. "lor lI" ..... 1hi" n_ .""rvlc. . 111 pul UCSD U\tCkntt destined 
'or the SMe s~hool or cltv ,,, touch .ltl'l o ther UCSD 'h;clen'" ~ ... 11 1 bt> tr .... ~II"1I 
fo tlW ,.e cJ"".tl"atlon . The .I~ of ,ft'S progr. " to lin .. U(SO ,~.Ior , In ordl! r 
(0 _ke Havel. hou",lnt ""d other .rrang_U j ust a little t. ll~r. If 'fO'I n.. ... c 
OIIOfIdcr.d abOut horoI INn.,. peCCllc fr~ "'SO will 1M: tol'"J to yO'olr po'ol-IIC'5D 6c",lnarlon, 
AOoo " tht tiM to f ll.(I out. A p~ Iht of 11\d 1" ' dual, ...no ar. IJOlncJ to the ,_ 
de,rlnulon ",,111 be -.de avall .ble through c.-out _,II • . for..:N'e Infor_llon COOII.CI 
!"hI I ', .. e. at a""SO . 

_lIIIoutu.._ ... u.._"' __ .............. ftby 
US _ or ~ _ ......,. .. : _ u... ASUCtO, 
_ ~.-.. A, UCIO -.oaa. Lo _'_!My 
_ be 1ofI_ ( DNA. 

---------------------------------------------------------

Nam. 
Relum no Ia~r iIIan May ~ 

Addr .. ' 
Telephone number ______ _ 
Stud.nt .0 number ______ _ 

Name of University you will be attendinl __________ _ 
Name of city .I&.e ______ _ 
What d.partment or IChool __________ _ 

if you don', pia" '0 ./ltnd gTad school. lisr only 
cily and 11(J1~ whtrt )'ou plim 10 movt 

SI_tw. 

What ever happened to the 
days of sterling defense , 
pitching duels and low scoring 
intramural softball games? 
Someone better tell 1M softball 
coordinator Mike Hipp to move 
the fences back and substitute 
toothpicks for bats before he 
needs a pocket calculator to 
add up the runs of each game. 

In the Men's AAA division, 
led again this week by Royal 
Hippodrome (14~ bashing of 
Head First) , the top eight 
ranked teams averaged over 
eleven runs per game in 
winning. The top ten Men's AA 
teams this week averaged ten 
runs per game while the Men's 
A top ten also chalked up ten 
runs per game. 

Maintaining or taking over 
the top spots in each of the five 
divisions this week are 
Hippodrome in the Men's AAA, 
TDfI & SLU & CO in the Men's 
AA. Too (;oolinthe Men'sA. the 
Renol)ettes in Coed AA and 
Ragtime Blues in the Coed A 
division . 

Men'sAAA 
Second billed Midas swept a 

pair from DH 10-0 and 12-7 to 
stay close behind Hippodrome. 
The fifth rated Biohazards 
kicked an extra point to take a 
20-19 nod over the No Name 
Squad. The rankings: 

1) Royal Hippodrome (5-0) 
2) Midas (6-0) 
3) Average White Boys (3-1) 
4) Schrooms (2-1) 
5) Biohazards (2-1) 

Men'sAA 
Minus their slugging first 

baseman Mark Stadler , 
previously top rated Running 
on Empty fell to the Meso-
morphs, 5-3. Top billed TDH et 
al. took over the top spot by 
crushing Caseous at the Bat, 11-
3. The ratings: 

1) TDH & SLU & CO (5-0) 
2) Strikeouts (5,0) 
3) Frumpkins Phuqnutz (4-0) 
4) Running on Empty (4-1) 
5) Human Capital (2-0) 

Men's A 
Too Cool cold cocked Who 

Knows, 14-4 to take over the 
number one slot from Flying 
Crab Lice, which suffered its 
first loss, a 7-0 blanking at the 
hands of the Golems . The 

PROGRESSIVE HAIRCUTIING 10$ 
7 53-5663 . hai~cut 

(tnclud 5 wash. c ui , blow dry) 

1038 Coast Highway, Encinitas 
(NEXT TO THE OLD MARKET) 

ratings: 
1) Too Cool (3-0-1) 
2) Red Sox (4-1) 
3) Del Mar Coasters (4-1) 
4) Raw-Raw-Raw (3-1) 
5) Whiff (3-1) 

Coed AA 
So what else is new? The 

Rt!Dobettes are ranked number 
one again, They lassoed Space 
Cowboys, 21-2 . Second billerl 
BUllh League was snowed out 

while third rate Dynamo Hum 
blew past Alleged. 5-l. 

Coed A 
Top ranked Ragtime Blues 

stayed on top of the heap even 
though they had the week off. 
The Ellevers moved closer the 
to the Blues with an S-O zipping 
of the Cartwrights while 
Multiple Orgasms, rated third 
this week, dominated the Red 
Coneheads, 12-0. 

Men's A 1M volleyball 
now topped by YLS 

YLS, the Mooners and the 
Deltas top the A, AA and AAA 
divisions In intramural 
volleyball this week, Due to 
space limitations, the Triton 
Times has not been able to 
devote as much space to spring 
sports other than softball. 

Curre~t1y tied for first place 
in the Andy Skief League, YLS 
sports a 7-1 record, the same as 
Agony of Defeat, is rated third 
in this week ' s volleyball 
ankings. Sunbursters sit alone 

atop the Howard Hunt League 
with a 7-1 mark and hold second 
place in the ratings. No D, tied 
for second in the Hunt League 
with a 5-3 record, rounds out the 
top four in A division voUeyb 

In the AA division , the 
Mooners and Made in SD both 
have unblemished 8-0 marks 
but the Mooners got the nod for 
the top spot. Rounding. out the 
top five in the AA division are 
Bacardi (7-1) , Soft Cells (7-1) , 
and Squeaky Rubbers (7-1) . 

The Deltas of the Randy 
Stevenson League are tied for 
first place with Great Expecta-
tion and Noogy Patrol (all at 7-

Sp-orts briefs 

1) , but the Deltas were awarded 
the number one spot , with 
Great second and NooJ.y third. 
The Rejects and Fa.'s Shys 
round out the top five AAA 
spots. 

Horowitt 
repeats as 
All-Cal 
titl ist 

Dave Horowitt won the men's 
singles title for the second time 
in three years to lead UCSD loa 
third place finish in the 
intercollegiate All-Cal handball 
tournament last weekend at 
Davis. 

Horowitt, a senior, captured 
the singles crown two yea rs ago 
and did not compete in last 
year's event. UC Berkeley won 
the team championship and 
UCLA took the runnerup spot 
ahead of the Tritons. 

Crew fares well 
The men's crew team travelled northwamto Los Gatos last 

weekend _to compete against other Pacific Coast schools 
rowing their way to a fairly imprellsive showing. Tb~ 
competition was dominated by shells from British Columbia. 

The Varsity Heavyweight Eight rowed to a second place 
finish in the first heat, qualifying them for the consolation 
brackets, which they went on to win. In the final standings the 
shell finished in fifth position. ' 

Out of eleven contenders the Varsity Lightweight Eight 
placed seventh. The crew finished second in both the first and 
consolation heats. 

Badminton 
The badminton team ended their dual match season in 

winning fonn by posting an 11-8 victory over Mesa College. 
Beth Goossens and Carol Steinberg came through with good 

performanceB in women's singles. Victors in men' s competition 
were Hal Jacobs, Mark Standlee, Pablo Lucero, Rick Adams 
Quang Bui, Mark Zoller and Carlton Gasior. ' 

The final team record stands at five wins and two losses. The 
top four men and women will compete this weekend in the All-
Cal tourney at UC Davis. 

Fellowship Program' 
Now Open 

The President's Undergraduate Fellowship Program 
Competition tor 1978-79 is now open. This competition has 
grown in popularity among UCSD students since Its Inception in 
1967. The program is designed to assist unusually talented 
undergraduate students to carry out special studies and projects 
under faculty supervision during term time andlor vacation. Such 

proj~~ts may include research andlor other creative activities. 
ThIS year. another fellowship has been added to the 

competition in the name of David Jay Gambee. David was a 
Revelle student who was killed In a traffic accident just prior to 
this academic year. The fellowsh ip, established in memory of 
David, will be awarded with preference to a student doing a 
project in an area In which David was Interested, namely. 
naturalists study in Yosemite, student government or music. For 
additional information regarding the Gambee Fellowship, 
contact Tally Wickstrom at 452-3804. 

Fellowship applications are available in your college Student 
FinanCial Services Office in the Administrative Complex. 

The deadline for submission of all required documents is May 
22, 1978. 

Pagel 

Classifieds 
. personals 

H who maket a belli' Dr him.lf ,eta rid 0( the pain 
01 belnl a man 1511T) 
Third Coliele: Eddy.lollloyed tho conv.nallon on 
5/ 5171 •• FV I would uke to cont .... It how do yCMI 
rtel about thi,· Contact Maria I3f7 Remin,ton Rd 
:131 San Ole.o "115 SOSU (5/17) 

NUDE rock dance/ pony !II ay 211 Liv. band. H.ated 
pool. 2%U180 W261 
Bakke Debato on "'PO In the Clus.er PlaybaCk 
Cent.r. H· L Bid, Ind 1I00T 1301!\ (5111) 
AllY-one " '00 knows of 3 s tolen btu Rilieiah Or.nd 
Pnl call 458-91.1 ,. my only lonno/tranl lrom PB 
(Sl 171 

Day care ••• 
(Continued from pale 1) 
some to be the same one it 
nearly voted on Friday 
afternoon, minutes before the 
arrests. 

"They never made a fonnal 
offer to us (last) Friday," 
Hyman said. 

Included in the recommenda-
tion which McElroy approved 
is a Day Care Information 
Board made up of seven 
students, to provide "unbiased 
public information" about the 
day care operation. The board 
is also expected to entertain 
ideas of expanding the current 
facilities . 

Finally, the board will draw 
up pertinent questions for a 
referendum in the fall. and 
evaluate the results of the 
referendum for possible day 
care changes. 

Warren College representa-
tive to the committee KenzIe 
Nicoll, who submitted the final 
proposal on behalf of the six 
student members, said, " The 
possible precedent of a 
committee reversal in the face 
of a student sit-in was consid-
ered, but the need for funding 
outweighed it. 

" The parents should be 
exhilarated. They spent a lot of 
time and did a lot of work - and 
it wasn' t in vain." 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
·LOW COST 
·CONFIDENTIAL 
·STUDENT HEALTH 

INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

-FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

Lydla-comt with me and 1"11 .how YOll all tho 
romance and mYIlt'ry or downlOwn queel\l·A~X 
t5111) 
NO ON PROP. 13!! II you want whelp, nenanhour 
can make a dillerence! till 4$8-17t1 mominp. 
(5/17) 

futy Arkin .. GleM Rankin will be playi. at tho 
Outback cale tonl.e •• ' .30 pm tonllfllli UCSD 
so,...) t5/17) 
DORM STUDENTS! Sick 01 cII.l2ri. lood! Tired 01 
tho .0iJe? Now'. tile time to IIIIn1t about movin,olr. 

DORM STUDENTS! Discover proolicon.ol llvl,.. 
off campua. U,t.en loexperta; landlord • •• hMienll. 

DOR M RESIDENTS! II you want 11110 on II vi", 011 
campus come to the .eminar Th. May II, 7 pm, 
NOM eonl Rm . 

for sale 
ElceUent coniIitiOIO 1171 Sublru DL 5~._ 
mi .. radJal • • 3S mPi. 21St ""I otiable. C11I753-1151 
Kim or lie. (5/22) . 
CI.an """!Hoard OJ's Trace .. LoCa. BoarG'_ 
__ Goo ..... t5/22) 

Me,., Comet 1m. VI . auto, air. villyl rool. 10. mi. 
R7OO. %74-5* (5111) 
SS<:m CoI .... o road bl ..... m .. t/y Compy IDd OU,.-
Ace; " / ollor cln Jay 47S427 evenlne' (S/ If! 

travel 
CIEE announc .. new . a pp.ov.d ONE ·WAY 
CHARTE Rs,J onllnneel IU ean now be booked '" 
P8rLt, Am.terdam. Zurich' Price, ~fI~ at IU5 
lrom San Francitco/ LOI An&ol ... .... (rom New 
York . Flyln, roond· trlp the pn ,oe. down when 
you combine any two CIEE mChll that suit your 
achtdul Select your O\lo-n route l Come see u. at 
CIEE Student Tnvel Se"'I~. <:SO Studen. 
Cent.r 8.023 La Jolla. C'A 12091 .7 1414.12·_ . Open 
weekdays from lJ-3 jTA., 

housing 
W Playmor Twfth • . J 8R. I" Illh . unlu!:" , drapes. 
ca rpet. refn,. patio. near pool Rent ;m/mo tan 
illS Tel day 281 -5755. eve en 0496 Ifl / " 

A boy IO\lel his dog but IUch I 1M)( the cale with 
landlords. I 'd a ppreciate OVY inl.oo • PO or LA 
Jolla rental which aliowl a dOl from IludenlJ who 
a re \lacalin • . Please! Alan at ~2""'. (TBA) 

Male Roommate Needed: (or7l--71 ac.demicyear. 3 
bdm. /Z bath . Z story bou ... with sun-<leck. Fully 
lurnl,bed I~ block lrom beach In DELMAR. 12 miD. 
lrom scboo!' ' ito/ monlll. 7»-7f77. A.k lor Bruce. 

(~17) 

2 roommates F wanted Playmor CoodoI near 
UCSD. Own room. Pool . Coli Sandy _7073 eany 
am or eYI. (1'2) 
Female Rmmate wanted for Summer in Del Mar 
"' /mo. Coli .. en In, 41':7415: Anaa/DeI. (5/H) 

Sum"",r ",nUll. 1i,..1. and doubl. roolTll In Del 
Mar. I block lrom tile beach. -.I •• t50 Avail b 
June 21 , pO .. lblllly 01 Y rlea ... CaU 1116·7404 and 
• k lor Andrew or Colin (T8A) 

wantea 
Male volunteers n_ (beterooelWlIl lor ma tert 
thai. research III\! hr of your lime. takJDe 
.Ulndard Plychokllical questionnaire (MMPIl 
excnanaed (or computer leored interpretation. 411~ 
H33 15/111 
(ntere.led in workln. with kid. thJ. lummer in 
Oran,. oun.y ! CIII Mtk 41t · '553 (5119) 
Summer Money We buy your uaed coUele textl for ca.... .uroml. Book. acrou lIIe .reet lrom SDSU 
15/241 

VACATION WITHOUT MONEY it a vacallon 
without (un. Have fun . Earn the extra money )'00 
need by worki,.. a lew boun a day. Pbane 291·2$11 
eveninp ror appointmr-nt. No phone Inten'iew • . 
15/211 

WANTED IMMEDIATELY' Maturt. dependable 
" Gln Friday" as live·ln aslilwlt lor lamUy In 
EnclnJtaJ. OUll .. ....,Iude Ii,bt b ..... keepilll and 
~c •• lonal lupervilion of two older childnD. 
IIenori .. Include private suite with study a!WI . 
t.lepbono. _lit. salary. flexible bours with most 
weflt-encll aDd ... nJop free , and tranaportati ... 
perdie:m. M_l have vehicle PIe.aedeUverorrnaU 
complete raume, rerel"e'nce. and photo to T .R. 
OI.OD . 34' Wlllow.prln,. Drlv •• E.cl.lt ... 
Coillomla . _ . (DeadUne lor aceeptaD<t! .. May 
H. mi.) (5/18) 

services 
Typlnl~ fA!rte,ared N!lIable, reasonable IBM 
Correeun( SelalrtC C .. J anytime 45$-&J27, M ... 
Old 18/91 

TVPING' IBM 1 ... 1n lenn pa~ .,..'he5es, PhD 
d IUtiON. eeI"ln •. RU H JOB» ~ _ . 5110 
"11. _ 4.~2 · 1_ I8IIj 
PROf'ESSIO"IAL TYPING . reuonable rat .. 
Vllla,_ r .... n.t. lZ05 Proopt<:t no 250. La Jolla 
45H311 IT8AI 
NEED A TYPIST ' R • ...,nable rates, expori<1>ced 
CIII liter lZ : 10 Kath ie n, ·utl . t ilt ) 
Pro'ellional Typin, . Reasonable Ra t •• . IBM' 
Corrtctln, Selectnc. Coli lor Free Eltlm.ate Gall 
"1 ·7S40 (lit) 

announcements 
Let·, T.lk Law TonJ.", H a.I.l2rnational Center. 
AlIne Parade. Vice-p", • . SO Bar Asooc tel'" 
about alternative law careel'l and a woman', 
perspective on law. Refresbmenu! 

SEMINAR for thOle pJ'Dninl on movln. off 
CIImpua. DllCUllion with realtor/landlord II oil 
campua atudentl Thurs. May 11, 7 pm at the NOf"ttI 
CoofereDCe Room . 

Let your feet make 
a place for themselves, 

Feet in the sand make footprints. 
Feet in Birkenstock footwear do the very same thing. 

The Birkenstock footbed is heat and pressure sensitive, to mold 
to your foot, and become your footprint. ' 

SAN DIEGO 
IIr1teM.orll F ootprtn •• 
of San Dleio 
611' EI CIIJon IlwI. 
s." ~o, CA '1115 
SlntdMf', 
1131 5111 A ¥enM 
San Dielo, CA 911 •• 

Ink ... • 
Mhiion V.HI, enler 
San Diqo, A 911 .. 
Sireicher'. 
CoIlqe Grove Shop 'r. 
1.5 The M.I. 
San Diqo, CA 91115 

So walking in Birkenstock is a lot 
like walking barefoot in the sand, 

with one very convenient difference. 
You can walk in Birkenstock all year long. 

Sinkher'. 
Towne Centre 
4415 La Jolla VU"le Dr. 
San oteao, CA 92112 

~ Portal Natural Food 
11 .. C .... worth II.d . 
San Dltlo, CA 91117 

LA JOLLA 
IlrlteMtock or La Joll. 
1111 Prospect .t Henchel 
La Jolla, CA 92137 
G.rdm or Eden 
5666 La 30 ... I .. d. 
La Jola. A 911J7 

lnidler' 
7IJ7 Gir.nI Annue 
La Jolla, AI 91037 

ESCONDIDO 
51'" Five 
265 N. Hlcllory treel 
EKon4ldo, A 92015 
trtldHr·. 

EKondkio , ' tu •• e M.II 
ndklo. 91815 

EKondklo N.rural Food 
135 Wnt Grand Annlle 
EKondtdo, CA 92t2~ 

FREE Color " LOVE YOUR FEET" Poslers 
available at all locations. 

CHULA VISTA 
treldttl '. 

551 lfOIIdw., 
Chula VLlta, CA 920 •• 

tradler's 
.~·(Kean" 

PIau C.mlno Ral .c. 
Carl Net, C 92 

tOMlT und N.lum Food 
3176 .rtsINMI Ilvd. 
.r ...... , AI 91111 



...... 

TT CLASSIFIEDS 
hat a great deall 

M· ·F: 11-3 Tu·Th: 12·2 

·Deadllnes approadunl 
Make reservations now! 

CIEE 
ANNOUNCES 

STUI)ENT FLIGHT 
REDUCTIONS 
TO EUROPE 

• Save $ 1 S 01\ any ClEE Roundtrip Charter! 
• Combine any two CIEE f1i&hts to suit your schedule! 
• Select your own route to/from Paris, Amsterdam or Zurich! 
• Return when you want! 
• Cooflnn your ClEE flight in IIdvance! 
• Don't risk airport staod-by! 
• Select from ClEE's nationwide schedule! 

, 

ASK US ABOUT CIEE's: 

* Special Children's Fares! 
* One-way Charters! 
* FREE Student Travel Catalog! 
CONTACT: CIEE Student Travel Services 

UCSD Student Center 8-023 
La Jolla, Calif, 92093 

(714) 452-0630 
Fa ... s valid thru July 20. 1978. Extensoon pendina CAB approval. 

20 day advance purchase ... quired. ~.IS Urnite<J. 

triton times 
Closed tenure •.. 
(Continued from pale 1) 
cases." He used the term 
.. bums II to describe bad 
professors. 

Barry Hyman, AS Commis-
sioner of Student Welfare and 
Manlot. Tempereau. AS Com-
missioner of Academic Affairs-
elect, briefly questioned 
Saltman about student repre-
sentation in the tenure process. 

Saltman said, "Undergrad-
uates already actively take 
part in the tenure process. 
CAPE (Course and Professor 
Evaluation) is an excellent 
means of getting feedback 
through students . Through 
CAPE and letter writing, 
stlJdents can assume a pro-
active role." 

Bender upset 
Also present at the meeting 

was Dr. Gerald Bender, a 
political science professor 
recently denied tenure . 
Bender, who discovered just 
prior to attending the forum his 
appeal for a new review had 
been denied, was noticeably 
upset at the remarks made. He 
interrupted Saltman to say, 
"I've heard a lot of buUshit. As 
far as CAPE, the chairman of 
political science (Dr. Sanford 
Lakoff) and my provost (Dr. 
Joseph Watson of Third 
College) are concerned, I'm at 
the top of their ratings. But as 
far as teaching goes, it is totally 
irrelevant in this case. 

" What it comes down to," 
Bender said, "is publishing. I , 
think mine is more than 
adequate. I am fine on teach-
ing quantity and quality of 
research, yet I am not tenured. 
I have kept my mouth shut for 
five months and I have nothing 
else to say." Bender then 
hurriedly left Saltman's office, 
the location of the forum. 

PROBLEMS STUDENTS HAVE 
WITH SUMMER OBS 

Have you ever had a 
summer job that wasn't 
too intellectually 
stimulating? 
Challenging positions 
now open! 
For appt. call 
459·4396 

Urban & Rural Studies 
Student Organization 

hosts 

".A Grantsmanship 
Workshop" 

(involving) 
• grant proposal writing. search strategies • 

• criteria used in reviewing grants 

MAVIS 
2-4:00 pm 

Thi d College 
Center for the People 

(speakers from) 
• dept. of housing. regional employment 

& urban develop. training consortium 
• other community groups 

All tudent invited to attend/ Re/re hment tool 

Complexity major factor 
In tenure decisions ..• 
(Con&inued from paJe 1) 
Saltman says, " The file is a complete personal review -
internal and external." 

3) The file goes to the provost of the respective college. 
4) The file th~ goes to the dean of graduate studies, Of. 

Manny Rotenber,. 
5) The file is forwarded to the Budget Committee, recently 

renamed the Committee on Academic Personnel (CAP) headed 
by Dr. George Reynolds. Reynolds nominates, with the 
approval of his committee, a slate of ad hoc reviewers (five), 
which Saltman emphasized, " have knowledge and expertise in 
that field." These ad hoc reviewers mayor may not be from this 
university. 

6) The ad hoc committee reviews the file and then reports 
back to Saltman. This ad hoc committee report is labeled as 
confidential. 

7) The Budget Committee or CAP reviews the ad hoc report. 
8) Saltman then makes the final decision based upon the 

recommendations of the ad hoc committee. 
At each step of the process a letter of recommendation is 

made out and added to the file. 
In a chart devised by Saltman and distributed to those in 

attendance at Monday's closed forum, he listed the numerous 
contributing factors towards the final decision. Six gr~ups 
make the following forms of evalll.~tions: 

Within the department-student evaluation (CAPE), TA's 
comments; colleagues examine the faculty member on visits, 
exams/ outlines/ syllabus, oral feedback and sequential 
courses; graduate student reports, the department chair's 
letter and longitudinal studies. . 

Within the provost office-student feedback, counselors, 
faculty comments, class schedules and cooperation in college 
programs. 

Within the graduate dean's office-direct contact with 
graduate students, faculty consultation, program 
development, " production of Ph.D.'s", quality of <linertation 
and external/internal reviews. 

Within the Committee on Educational Policy (CEP)-course 
content and quality of investigations. 

Within Saltman's office-integration of the total file and 
patterns of course/enrollments. 

His views 
Saltman describes this process " as extraordinarily fair" and· 

.. all faculty members are treated by due process. ,. However, he 
states, " Each professor must reach the threshold leyel in each 
criteria . I am a great believer in the NBA approach. I want the 
very best faculty at UCSD." 

Saltman candidly admitted he is the ultimate authority on 
tenure at UCSD. UC President David Saxon delegated the 
authority to Chancellor William McElroy, who in turn handed it 
to Saltman. Even though he has been apparently vested with 
full control over tenure deciSions. Saltman said. " I can be 
overridden ." 

The process is long and involved and appears to be as 
Saltman states " extra-ordinarily fair ." But is it really? Part 
two on Friday examines the discrepancies in tenure review and 
will look closely at crucial phases of the process. 

DO 
. D ~ 
~~~~ 

"Featurina Clair.mont', ONLY oraanlcallY-arown produce! 
JI's baa buy-back policy: Brina In your own baa and w,'l1 alve you a 

dlcount on 

NUPLEX 
atural One-a-day 

Vitamin / Mineral 
...... J'v/ 100 ,.bI." 

SS.95 

William Durty's 
No, 1 Best tiler 
Sugar Blues 

51.75 
reg. S2.2S 

Locally Grown 
Orlanlc: Navel 
Oranges 
15¢/lb. 

All Off.n Good 
with Ih coupon 

thru May 2 , 19711 


