
UC.SD now 
reaching 
for stars 

by Laura A. Richter 
News Editor 

Space: the final frontier. 
As the technological eye of 

man probes into the complex 
nature of the expanding 
universe, a vast history is also 
revealed. Galaxies, as they 
appeared lO billion years ago, 

re expected to be observed in 
what Rirhard Harms, assistant 
research physicist in the UCSD 
physics department, calls " the 
most exciting thing to hapen in 
a tronomy in the 1980s." 

Harms, the principal scienti-
fic investigator of a team of 

CSD cientists, will supervise 
the design and construction by 
the Martin Marietta Corp. of a • 
700 pound faint object specto-
gra ph under a $10 million 
contract from the National 
Aeronautics and Space Admin-
istration (NASA) as part of the 
Space Telescope Project to be 
launched in 1983. 

Space history 
Because of the time it 

req uires light to travel 
through space, scientists will 
be observing the history of 
galaxies and the universe, and 
information is expected to be 
gained about the evolution of 
each. Curiosity will a lso direct 
the telescope toward objects in 

C;;;~;i~ations chief L ~tuden.ts ~lIowed t~ enroll 
calls for researcher In continuing abortion saga 

At last week's AS Council 
budget hearings, Commis-
sioner of Communications 
Dave Eisen asked a series of 
questions concerning a new 
campus telephone counsel-
ing service. What bothered 
Eisen most about AS funding 
for the service, he said later, 
was the lack of information 
th council had about 
campus counseling services 
in general. 

gested to fellow council 
members an idea he hopes 
will help remedy the" know-
ledge gap." 

by Alan Russell It w~s learned at the press The agreement requires the 
Editor gathermg that an agreement students to pay their Student 

Eisen wants the AS Coun-
cil to hire a student to 
research legislation that 
comes before the council. 

The student hired would 
only conduct research into 
various pieces of proposed 
legislation , rather than 
analyzing it and drawing 
conclusions about it. 

A first round "victory" was had been reached between Center Fee ($6 ), Campus 
claimed at yesterday's news Burton Shamsky, attorney for Activity Fee ($6), and Educa-
conference held at Central the . students, a .nd David tionFee ($l20), but nonetheless 

Lib~ by. the two continuing Donson, representmg the UC allow s them to put their 
UCS D students who have Regents , which allows the two Regi tration F ee ($120). of 
c hall eng edt h esc h 001 ' s students, Margaret Patton and which the health fees are taken 
mandatory health fee policy Albin Rhomberg, to cotinue from in a trust with the Clerk of 
which allows for abortion. with their education at UCSD. the ~n Diego County Superior 

" We didn't know about the 
hours or services already 
offered on campus," Eisen 
said . " In other words, we 
were voting on something 
none of us knew much 

Any council member could 
request the Legislative 
Researcher to look into a 
proposal , as long as the 
request is supported by one-
third of the council, under 
Eisen's plan. 

AS continues with 
investigation - sort of 

about. . 

by Reed Alpert 
Associate News Editor 

" Whenever legislation 
comes up that doesn't come 
under the specific jurisdic-
tion of a commissioner or 
representative, no one takes 
the time to look into the 
implications behind it," 
Eisen said. 

Close the gap 
This week, Eisen sug-

The communications 
commissioner said creation 
of the new post does not have 
to be approved by the 
council, but could simply be 
posted at the Student 
Employment Office and 
filled in the same way a 
secretarial position is filled. 

AS President Jeff Leifer, 
after conducting his own 
inquiry into alleged misuse of 
student body funds by External 
Affairs Commissioner Bob 
Drapeau, said Wednesday that 
" he (Drapeau) has justified the 
expenditures to me." 

However, Mark Sindler, AS 
Vice-president and cha'irman of 
the AS finance committee, said 
the situation is "a matter of 

"Happy Hours" to happen at 
campus beginning this spring 

by Andy Schneider 
Associate News Editor 

"The Chancellor has approved the concept of 
a beer pub on campus," AS Muir Representative 
Gary Moser recently announced. 

Located in the Student Center's Building C, 
the new pub will share space with Future Foods 
Restaurant. Scheduled to open Spring Quarter, 
the new facility "will provide a gathering place 
for faculty , students and staff. It will be a social 
center that draws people together," said Moser. 

Through the campus Purchasing Office, the 
pub will be contracted out to a local business 
which in turn applies to the Alcoholic Beverage 
Control (ABC) board for the license to serve 
beer and wine. 

Objecting to possible enforcement problems 
and legal questions, similar plans had been 
routinely rejected by the Vice-chancellor of 

tudent Affairs' office during the last ten years. 
The effort to change campus policy was 

directed by an AS Task Force appointed by 
President Jeff Leifer and chaired by Moser. 
" the results of a research report showed that UC 
Irvine, UC Davis, and UC Berkeley all had set 
precedfent with successful arransements. If 
they could do it , so could we," Moser said. 

Moser continued to explain that the 
independent contractor becomes responsible 
for checking age indentification. Although the 
contract will be designed to meet UCSD's 
specifications, it probably will be closely 
patterned after Berkeley's well known Bear's 
Lair. 

"When you come down to it, students pay a lot 
.ot have the Student Center. Why not fill some of 
the space with a pub where people can meet and 
be in a relaxed atmosphere? Our primary 
concern is student community, " Moser said. 

Next Friday the AS plans a " T.G.I.F. with 
beer", on the lawn in front of the Student Center. 
Both Student Center Director Maggie Brown 
and Assistant Vice-chancellor for Program-
ming have approved a proposal for the one-day 
liquor license. If the application is accepted by 
the ABC, beer will be included with the GIber 
refreshmenu plaODed. A band for the twill 
be selected by the AS Pre.rammla. 
Comm loa. 

Now th t the pu b pro I II cleared 
adminiltratJve hurdlel, deDt C ter 
Board will meet on y to rev and 
ratify tile final plans. 

deliberation for the commit-
tee. 'I Due to the allegations that 
have been raised, Sindler feels 
that "we (the committee) have 
to clear the air" and lay the 
matter to rest. . 

The committee has not yet 
begun work on the inquiry 
because they claim they have 
been too busy. 

The allegations against 
Drapeau concern two occasions 
on which he rented car while 
on AS business attending 
Regents board meetings in San 
Francisco (Triton Times, Nov. 
30) . The money was used to pay 
the bills came from Drapeau 's 
External Affairs budget. 

The AS has not yet ct up 
guidelines for expenditures 
from AS budgets and is , 
according to Leifer, operating 
under what are popularly 
known as " Regents ' rules ." 
The Regents ' rules concerning 
travel state that the least 
expensive method of trans-
portation must be used . 

The allegations of misuses 
stem from the fact that public 
transportation was available to 
Drapeau and would have been 
less expensive. 

Cour t. 
Credit for work 

Of fu r t her im por t to the 
students was the agreement by 
the defendant (the Regent of 
the Univers ity of California) 
allowing credit for all academ-
ic work by plaintiff Patton for 
all quarter 1977, and also the 
granting of a retroactive leave 
of absence for plaintiff 
Rhomberg during fall quarter 
1977, and a refunding of all of 
his paid fees for that same 
quarter. 

Also announced at the pres 
conference was the joining of 
five additional students to the 
original three (Susan Erzinger. 
th third plaintiff, was to b an 
entering freshman to the school 
last fall ) . 

Robert Arenz, Tfe-Ling Fong 
and Eric Riedel have placed 
their fee in trust with Joan 
Patton. Don trebel has ent hi 
fee to C Pre ident axon. 
while L w Goldberg's fee wer 
given to Chancellor William 
McElroy. 

Arrangements are now being 
mad by the plaintiffs to hav 
the e fee also placed in th 
court tru t. It i expected that 
even more students will join in 
placing th ir fee in tru tat th 
beginning ofthe pring quarter. 

The Counsel for the Regent 
will respond to the complaints 
of the plaintiff on February 15. 



, 

Ab rtion lawsuit 
"good" issue 

The lawsu.lt over campus abortion policies recently brought by 
three students represents what we in the newspaper business call 
a good issue. Its implications are varied and potentially far-
reaching. It is not a simple two-sided issue on which people can 
take easily-reduced positions, but rather a complex, highly 
emotional problem that can readily set best friends at each others' 
throats. 

The lawsuit was filed by students who feel they shouldn't pay for 
the mandatory health insurance policy because it includes 
abortion coverage. The students, all Catholics, who say they are 
forced to fund abortions through the health plan, and that violates 
their religious beliefs. The university says the students can't 
enroll for classes until they pay their fees. 

There are many implications involved in the lawsuit, not all of 
them immediately apparent. A partial listing includes: 

-the effect on campus health insurance and abortion policies. 
The most visible of the implications, this portion of the lawsuit 
could mean an end to both mandatory health insurance, which now 
costs students $13 oftheir Registration Fees, and, atthe very least, 
to the inclusion of abortions in the policy. 

-an answer to the question: Why is health insurance a 
mandatory part of the reg fee? Acting Vice-chancellor of Student 
Affairs Howard Hunt says students in the past decided the policy 
should be mandatory, but students here now don't seem to know 
when such a decision was made. One apparent reason for a 
mandatory plan is that otherwise the UCSD policy would not 
include enough money to make it as far-reaching a plan as it is 
now. But students should have the right to decide. ina referendum 
this spring. 

-the effect on UC's fee structure. This implication could easily 
have the most far-reaching effects of any part ofthe lawsuit. IUhe 
judge rules that the students do not have to pay for the .health 
policy, it would open the door to the destruction of mandatory UC 
Cees. And , iUhe mandatory fee structure is shot down, no one could 
really expect the state Legislature to pick up the added tab. 

-an answer to another question: Why do so many abortions take 
place through the campus health plan? Though no one seems able 
to pinpoint the exact number, 250 is apparently a good guesstimate 
for how many abortions UCSD students helped fund last school 
year. Why . then, did the 3500 women students here need so many 
abortions? University women are supposed to be among the most 
educated people around. If they need approximately one abortion 
for every 14 women, something is wropg in the sex education 
classes around the country. 

Obviously, the abortion lawsuit is also a controversial issue. 
That point has been emphasized time and again this year for staff 
members at the Triton Times . The day after our first story about 
the anti-abortion students ran in September, two people {rom the 
Women' s Center came to our office to protest the story's 
placement. The women felt that , if the story should have been 
published at all , it should 've been placed at the bottom of the page 
or, probably, beneath the c1assifieds . The women believe the three 
students filed the suit only to bring publicity to the pro-life cause. 

UCSD administrators also have had problems with the issues 
raised by the lawsuit . Both Associate Vice-chancellor of Student 
Affairs Rick Whitehill and Hunt, are very reluctant to discuss the 
case's specifics, because they might be called as witnesses in the 
court case. 

Campus health center director Robert Allen doesn't want to 
talk about the issue at all. Soon after he explained the abortion 
process to a reporter earlier this month, he phoned back. and 
asked that he not be quoted by name. Even though he said nothing 
of substance as Car as opinions are concerned. Allen said that 
because of the lawsuit he though all attributed quotes should come 
from one source, such as the student affairs office . AI\en 
threatened to deny he had ever talked to the Triton Times if he was 
quoted by name. 

Despite all the hooplah in official circles surrounding the 
lawsuit, a vast majority of the student body is apparently still 
unaware of the case, or at least of how it could affect them. If they 
ever become aware of those implications , the campus could be 
torn in hal f. as students f actionalized over the va rious facets of the-
case. However. considering the somnolent nature of UCSD , I doubt 
that very much. 

AIen R....... Editor 
M8f1I • ......, Senior Editor 
Ran AnW Manllglng Editor 
Leu,. Rlchl., N .... Editor 
RHCI AIfMrt Associate New. Editor 
Andy ac........ Auoc. News Editor 
Cindy Hetlrofl Aut. Manllglng Editor 
Tim Meclcenzle Arts Editor 
Sten Gould Sports Editor 
Kilty Aobinton Copy Editor 
Alch.,d Yocom Photo Editor 
Sh., ... Sta.... Advertisin Mana er 

The T ·it.n Times la publ ished by UCSD studente'l an officiailludent new.plper:-
Publica'lo11 Is on Mondaya, Wednesdays and Fridays during thl rllgular school yaar 
(except or"fofflclal holidayS). Editorial and business offlcel are located in the Student 
Cent.r It ~he Unlveralty 01 California. Sen Diego. For editorial . call 452-3486; lor 
bUll".., 8nd di.play advertl. lng , call 452-3468. 

L.n .. ~ to the editor and opinion column. are welcomed. All submisaloin. ehould be 
typed and double-.paced on a 8&-apace line. They .hould not axCHd 1!h page. In 
length. 

'5ubmlned material must bear th. name and atudent identification number of the 
luthor. Name. can bewllhheldlrom publication on request;howeYlr. thenamea will be 
held on liIe for public I n~llon. 

The Triton Tim .. r.Hrves the right toedi! submiulona baCause 01 apace lim itations 
orstyla requirement, . 

Entire contents COPYright 1978 the Triton Times. 
------------------~ 

,,.., J......, .,1m 
What Pabst and Plato could never do 
Burke ignores essential experience 
Editor: 

Mr. Ted BlRe's naive and callous cClTWJlentary 
concerning Cmstians in the Triton TImes (Jan. 13, 
1978) requres an expose. After readin, the anicle a 
couple of times I sou,ht to uncover in it the natlre of 
Mr. Burke's ,rievance. That is. what really caused 
him to respond so v.ehemenUy to the ",oapel" 
presented him by some old friendJ? If his response 
had simply issued in a rejection of what they 
presented. that would have been acceptable . 
However. their presentation appeared to be the 
"breaking straw." What followed in print was an 
onslau,ht of insults decorated with philosophical 
prose hardly recognizable as meaningful 
journallsm. 

After further consideration. three things became 
obvious to me. 

First o( all. Mr. Bwice is suffering fr(J'll severe 
poverty of fundamental political understanding. He 
states that his "annoyance" canes not fr(J'll what we 
as Christians believe but in Olr act of believing . 
Specifically. that adherents of the faith feel c~npelled 
to sll'ead "the wml" and "sucker in asmany gullible jerks as possible." Does sll'eading "the w<rd" by 
speaking annoy Mr. Burke? Does using one 's mouth 
to pass on to other human beings the testimonial of 
one's consW1lT\3te human experience bother him? 

If I may quote fran the 1st AmenOnent o( the 
Constitution of the United States of America, " .. make 
no law respecting an establislwnent of religion. IX' 
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; a- alridging the 
freed<rn of speech. IX' of the press ... " Is it not ironic 
that the very Constitutionalll'ovision fa- Mr. BlRe's 
freedom to comment is that which guarantees to 
Christians the freedom to speak concerning the 
faith? It is more than embarrasing for a journalist to 
be caught in this kind of error. 

Secondly, Mr. Burke clearly possesses zero 
knowledge of what constitutes being a Cmstian. He 

sardonically throws out plrases such as ..... chronic 
lack of inalination.. .. .. .vacant eyeri and vacant 
brained ... ... . wasted thtmselve . .. .... etc. Once again 
Mr. BlRe needs s<rne basic education. Has he 
forgotten the Reformation and its consequences? Has 
he never heard of Luther, Wesley IX' Whitefield? Does 
he not realize the Jrincipal f<rce which 1I'0peiled the 
Ref CITIlIItion out of the Dark Ages was the mass 
ll'inting of the Bible and its distribution to the cClTWJlon 
people? Without the Refmnation Mr. BllIite might 
weU be today a member of an iWterate servile class of 
people . Wake up , Mr. 8urit:e, out of YOIr altnitted 
drunken stupa-! Was the Reformation and what 
followed the wa-k of "non-imaginative". "vacant 
brained" men whose lives you have categaically 
labeled as "waste?" 

These men like all ~enuine Clwistians are sinple 
hlmllns who have receIVed into thtmselves the liCe of 
God. This is regeneration a-to be " bcrnagain ." Tobe 
a Clristian is pre-eninently a matter of entering into 
this experience . 

FinaUy, Mr. BlRe has revealed his own spiritual 
misfcrtune by openly confessing his preference to 
retreat into a poetic abyss he has col\iured up fIX' 
himself fr<rn the wens of T.S. Eliot . Karl Marx and 
Friedrich Nietzche. It is reaUy pitiful that a man has to 
slllVive on such shallow experiences as canbined 
inebliation (on beer. no less) and philosophical 
nmination. Far wcrse is the juvenile mplication that 
since this is his highest experience. nobody else could 
possibly have a more meaningful one. 

In conclusion Mr. BllIite. it must be stated that we 
Clwistians refuse to have our speaking quenched by 
sloppy. rhetmcaljournalilm. The gospel will continue 
to be verbally sll'ead as it has been fIX' 20 centuries. 
The personal experience of its content brings hlmllns 
into a ream of existence that "Pabst and Plato" never I 
could! 

RON RUSSELL 
Graduate Student. Dept. or Biology 

"Snake Oil" article" short-sighted" 
Ted Burke; intelligence a nd creativity are very 

I am woting in response to the evident. B~i&;e Pas.cal W!'ote much 
opinion you expressed in last on the ChliSlJan fll!th . hiS ~ 
Friday's (Jan. 13th) paper against intere~, engaging ID mathtJTl3tical 
Clristians and believers of other purswts only as ~lX'e a- less a 
rell'"ons who you type as walking hobby. J .S. Bach s wa-ks "were 

... , d WTitten '·tothegla-yofGod. And aro~nd , .:vacanteyed. an vacant lhe w~iting s of more r ecent 
brained.. ~t may surp'lse YOll that, Clristians such as Bonhoeffer and 
as a Clwistian, I awee wholeheart- ~';;;;;::::::;:~====:::::::::::::~r::::;:::==f=:::;] 
edly with your disdain of any belief VV' v ~~ner"'~ 
that results in a " blanking out," t.... Vo.c:vOV5 Z'oMboe.:-: . On,,.,\c. ... 
either intellectuallya- <natively. ~ j." -.;)' 
But such a lack of " intellectual ~o ~- 0 
assessment" is not limited. as you _ r"leT r", r' 0 
imply. to the religious scene. It can p v 
be found anywhere. even - as your P"~ -..'\ 
ar1icle shows us - amongthe non- (f(- .' ~. 
religious. ( (' \ r~:-" 

In your article you lump I :" ~ t " 
adherents of diverse bellefs into ~ I, f-G' . 
one pile and stamp it MINDLESS. R:"'""" ) 'Z. . 
Name-calling , s<rnething in which ~ ~. I . 
your article abounds. does not 
evidence much inteiligent 
reflection . Rather , it is often 
resorted to by those who, lacking 
adequate facts . must make an 
emotional a ppeal in order to gain 
support fa-their ideas. You never 
once distinguish between the 
beliefs to which you refer. na-
within Cluistianity do you once 
mention those believers whose 

C.S . Lewis speak clearly (or 
intelligence and creativity. 

But better still , why not examine 
ClTist's teaching and example on 
the matter? He wasn't looking fa-
converts to follow him around 
mindlessly. Rather. he exhcrted 
people to "count the cost" (i.e. 
make an intelligent assessment) 
befm! becaning his disciple (Ue 
14; 28-33) . Also, his use of parables 

wa s an effective means of 
distinguishing between those who 
would follow him sinply fIX' the 
benefits they'd receive (physical 
healing, food multiplied so that 
they did not go hun&7'Y , etc.) . fr(J'll 
those who wanted to learn fr(lTl 
him. walking with him in loving 
obedience . So he spoke in 
parables. at once confounding the 
expectations o( some who left 
without understanding . while 
causing others to question him 
afterwards. The latter he patiently 
taught. knowing that they were 
serious about learning fran /lIn. 

BrieOy. I lI'TI saying that your 
article is exlnmely shortsighted. 
You attempt . in your broad 
generalizations. to skirt the hard 
wOlit of intelligent evaluation. I 
hope that I've been able to convey 
that belief in Christ is by nomeansa 
mindless act, but s(lTlething fully 
involving a person 's intelligence 
(as well as the totality of his/her 
being) . It is not blind iJTationalism . 
yet often goes beyond mere 
rationalilll1. and , in light of the 
ample evidence fa-the veracity of 
Clwist 's person and wen. is a very 
reasonable response. 

NANCY NOLAND 

Christians not represented by "Jesus freaks" 
Editor; . " .., . ". At the medical school here there are a nll1lber of 

The article . Rehgl.on .Vlewed as Snake 011. ID the Clwistiansmeeting. I doubt anyone would make it into 
~an. 13, 1978 Iss~e . mdlcates that the. author knew medical school with a "frazzled mind ." I personally 
little of the subject he was a.ttef!1ptmg to assay. knowa Christian Jrofessa- at Northwestern University 
Rather than an accurate and obJecltve com~entary . who often c(J'lles to UCSD fIX' research during the 

inv~lvlDgsomeresearc~, reader:softhea~!c1ewere treaks . Is this "opting fa- an instant relie( spiritual 
subJec~ed to a collectiO~ of biased ~plDlOnS' and foonu1a ?" Just as. having seen and experienced 

rh~tonc based on the limited expenence of the Tijuana, you cannot categaize all of Mexico as being 
wnter. . .. . such , neither can a few neaative experiences represent 

Accordmg to the article It seems th~t at the time of Clwistians in the aggregate whole . 
his encounters he was In a condition ~t would MATl'HEW SMITH 
n~iat~ any honest and accurate ~valuatlon of t1!e Full ,Ime student. UCSD 
situation. "I was drunk and had said a few sarcastic 
remarks about matters I don ' t remember E r· nce Chrl·st 
now ... Rand. Marx, Faurbach. Nietzche and others xpe Ie 
whose philosophies I vaguely recalled ... .. Recall this 
is the same author who in his LP commentary. same 
issue, wrote; " Live fast, die young, and have fun ... .. 
which is the empty and endless philosophy of a 
purposeless generation. In that same article he 
appropriated some obscene language that I was 
somewhat surprised to see in print. 

With these kinds of quali(jcations I find it hard to 
believe such a commentary could have any validity. 
We are all enti.tled to our personal opinion. but to 
make such sweeping generalizations such as: 
" Hundreds of thousands of distraught intellectuals ... 
use religion as a sedative to calm their frazzled 
minds ..... or " not surprisln, to see millions opting 
instead for countless instant relief spiritual 
formulas ... " is hardly acceptable. He may have met 
some "Jesus freaks" but those few encounters are 
not representative of ali the Christians in this city. 

I don 't defend at all the reli,ious or cultic systems 
because the real Christ is outside of that. Jesus to me 
is not the "ten commandments" of right and wrong. 
but a Iivin, person whom I experience every day. 
The basis and yardstick of the true Christian faith is 
not tradition or relilflou8 ceremony but the pure and 
unadulterated word of God. To experience this Jesus 
is not to have the mind " frazzled " but rather 

EditlX': 
In reference to the article "Religion viewed as snake 

oil " of Friday , Jan. 13, my experience doesn'tmatch 
Ted Bl8te's generalized observations. I accepted the 
La-d as my liCe 14 years ago. Fa- several years I 
wouldn't have had anything other than a doctrinal 
argll1lent against squandering .. ... whatever talent. 
intelligence IX' creativity ... " I had. 

But recently I began to experience Cmst in a 
personal. subjective. daily way. In ainking Him (I 
CIX'. 12: 13) I began to experience the renewing ofmy 
mind (R<rn . 12: 2) . found myself being able to think 
mlX'e clearly , and my III'3des went fr(J'll 2.5 to 4.0. I 
went fr(lTl being disappointed by the emptiness leftme 
in pursuing the good liCe and selfinJr<M1lentto having 
Clwist as my liCe a nd not feeling rtisa ppointed . 

A lot of people have had a . taste" of Clrlst but 
s(J'llehow they 've been conned into thinkin, you have 
to know everything doctrinal about Him and that is how 
you live the Chrilltian liCe. 

However , I'd rec<mnend not only "tastin," Clwist. 
but " swallowini" Min wholt! JS a person's meal and 
drink . This Is not doctrine to me . Thill is my 
experience. U this is not real I don 't know what is! 

GYSBERnJS GREVE 
Fullltme concurrell' enrollme.' ..... ' 

',.."......,20,11" triton times 

Muir Collep would lik. to thank the tollowinK 
panles: 
-The Multi Mart 

Pacific Beach 

P ... 3 

-San Di8lo Home Furnishings Mart 
San Diego 

-Renick Bjorklund Graff, Inc. 
La Mesa 

Abortion issued appealed to Saxon 
For their pnlt'OUl donations to "Clouds Rest." "Clouds Rest," 

Dear President Sax on : 
The University of CaIiCCI"Ilia is 

illegally coercing studeru. t1rough 
regiSlration fees, to pay fa- services 
which are neither necesary nor 
related to education . At the San 
Diego campus, the AllniniSlration 
has cancelled the enrolbnent of 
students wh 0 have refused to pay the 
mandatory fee for abortion 
inst.rance. despite the fact that such 
payments would vi olate their 
religi ous , m oral and ethical 
convictions. 

The status of the University as an 
institution which values and Jrotects 
freed(J'll of thought and conscience, 
as a first ll'indple. is at stake. In the 
public mind, the Regents' cmmit-
ment to this Jrinciple was Empha-
sized by your appointment as 
President. As one who took a 
courageous stand on prinCiple 
during the' ' Loyalty Oath " 
controversy. all look to you to take 
decisive action when their access to 
the University is denied on non-
acadEmic wounds. 

Open Letter 
Chancellor McElroy and his 

actninistrative officers at the San 
Diego campus have been unable to 
handle this JroblEm. Their decision 
to cancel the enrollment of the 
students who have Jrotested the 
mandat~y abortion fee is tanta-
mount to a public stattment that the 
University has adopted a policy jromoting abortion. The implEmen-
tation of this non-academic policy 
requires disaiminatlX'Y dosing of 
the University to religious &7'oups IX' 
individuals morally opposed to 
suyporting abortion . 

an such an individual. and I 
as ert that the University has no 
basis fa-dictati ngmym<l"3l beliefs IX' 
for tampering with my right to an 
education . I am frustrated and 
disappointed by the unwillingness 
and inability of Chancella- McElroy 
and his actninistrative officers to 
offer any substantial response to 
such a pOSition. Therefore, I am 
sulmitting my Winter Quarter, 1978 
Fee Assessnent directly to you, 
under Jrocest. 

Enclosed, please find my check 
(no. 173) to the Regents of the 
University ofCaliC<rnia in theamount 
of $250. I request that you transmit 
this letter (in its entirety) and the 
check to the Regents at th~ next 
pu blic meeting and ask thtm to hold 
the funds in trust fIX' the San Diego 

PHOTO 
SUPPLIES 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 
UCSD 8ucIiet 

Numbers Accepted 

campus until such time as the 
Univerllity establishes an acceptable 
abortion financing policy which is 
consistent with my constitutional 
rights . 

identification cardin the n<Jrnal way. the new Muir Commuter Student Lounge, win have a GRAIl) 
I lrust that you understand. fr(J'll OPEJIIG Cri rDDanftll Wed your own experience . why the ~ "" ., Jan. 25th at 1:00. The new lou. 

University must not be allowed to is located in the lower Muir Commons near Pap One. Everyone 
intenere with acadEmic pursuits on is welcome! I also request that you notify the 

UCSD's Cashier's OCCice and Regis-
trar's Office that my fees ha ve been 
fully paid to you under protest, and 
that you instruct them to process 
and validate my fee card and 

non-academic wounds. andthe need ... iiiii ____________________ .... 1 
fa- this jrotest. YOIr lI'<mpt action 
will be appreciated. 

DONALD.E.STREBEL 
Graduate Student, Applied Physics 

Comment on UCSD politics 
Editor: 

This is a response to Stadler's article in the Friday. January 13 issue. 
Were I free to choose a headline for my letter, it would read: "Senior 
Editor" Stadler: Can ' t tell his AS from a hole in the ground. But I won 't be 
surprised if another headline is used. because for years now it has been the 
frequent practice of the amateur yellow journalists running the Trite On 
Trash to attach a headline which discredits the author, rather than 
represents the content, of any letter disagreeable to the Trash world view . 
Similarly. if key words or sentences are botched or omitted, or if my 
punctuation is or syntax is altered to the point where my intended 
expression is lost, I won 't be surprised. 

A pathetically disillusioned Mr. Stadler asks, " What can we really 
expect from the AS? " A year ago. supporters of the Student Cooperative 
Union explained exactly what to expect. based upon UCSD's previous 
experience with an impotent. corrupt AS. We also based our predictions 
upon an historical analysis of student movements and of the functions and 
power structure of universities in modem monopoly capitalist countries. 
Of course, I know these subjects are way beyond Mr, Stadler's present 
intellectual development. but perhaps he may be persuaded to read at 
least aD introductory text like David Smith's Who Rules tile Universities . 

Stadler fantasizes that "During the five years since the last AS, 
administrators grew into the habit of ignoring student government when it 
made decisions." The fact is that administrators implement the 
"decisions " (read; "recommendations") of student councils or 
assemblies only when they agree with the students. The only exceptions to 
this rule: (1) outside liberation. such as a court order, or (2) when students 
are organized and united enough to apply massive pressure and protest. 

Such militance. not student governments. was responsible for the 
abolition of restricted "visitation hours ' between the sexes in the 
donnitories . Such militance won students the right to free speech on our 
campuses - rallies and information tables were, until very recently. 
punishable activities. Many of the rights , services and options students 
have today are the fruits of hard struggles waged by our predecessors. 

Stadler doesn't believe this . To him it's just a matter of " reason and 
accountability" residing or not residing in the student government. The 
administrators love this sort of distracted stupidity. As long as a 
substantial amount of student body attention is focused on criticisms of a 
relatively powerless student council or student assembly, no real progress 
(in terms of concessions from the administration) toward more 
democratization of the university can be expected. 

For years now. the TT has criticized student "government" much more 
(Continued on ~Ie 8) 

Large . 
Inventory 

Sale 
Great savings on a large 
selection of beaut", care 
products. 

La Jolla 
Beauty Supply 

for 011 your beouty needs 

Mon-Sat. 9:00-5:00 
459-0556 

705 Peart St. 
'" JoIa 

UCSD THEATRE 
PRESENTS 

THE HOSTAGE 
by BRENDAN BEHAN 

Directed by ARTHUR WAGNER 

A boisterous comedy in 
the outrageous spirit 0/ 
Mus~c Hall and Knock-
about farce. 

February 2-5 & 7-12 at 8:00 pm 
in UCSD THEA THE 

TICKETS NOW ON SALEI 
$2.50 Student. $3.75 General 

UCSD THEA THE TICKET OFFICE 
(Behind Book.tore) 

MONDA Y -FRIDAY 12:00-4:00 

Call 452-4574 Wee"daya12-4pfft 



..... 4 

• 
• 
• 

triton times 

ON CAMPUS INTERYIEWS 

• Interviews begin February 1st. Sign-ups for interviews available January 23rd. Seniors and graduate 
• students who are degree candidates should be interviewing NOW! To get more Information, attend an 

Coach Cunningham sings the blues 
Cagers reduced to nin 

by Steve 
Sports 

Rumor has it t 
basketball coach 

triton times 
PageS 

JV Basketball 

face Cal Baptist in NAIA Opener Triton season starts 
C To .comhpenshate folr the loss of players, College (8-6) , Azuza Pacific (6-11) a nd with four straight wins 

unnmg am as e eva ted junior varsity USIU (6-9) . 
• Orientation Meeting. daily beginning January 24th. Pick upscheduleat Career Planning & Placement. 
J PART-TillE EMPLOYMENTIINTERNSHIPS overheard s inging - ....... u .. "Poor, poor pitiful me" in 

forward Tom Polk to the varsity. Prior to the 8 t:m tip-off , a bon fire ann 
Run out of gas spi~it rally have been slated for 7 pm on the 
.UCS~ carried just eight men to uc MUIr quad . 

by Jon Halperin 
Siaff Writer 

UCSD 's JV basketball team 
is playing strong fundamental 
winning basketball. The team 
has won four straight games 
before losing a close encounter 
to Long Be ac h State on 
Wednesday. The Tritons, who 
have jelled since the quarter 
break, have combined a strong 
offense with a tenacious zone 
defense. 

King Wayman substituted 
freely throughout the game and 
was very pleased with the 
overall performance of his 
players. Wayman was espec-
ially high on freshman guard 
Tony Filer who fed off for six 
assists. 

., Jobs are available now and for the summer. Watch the Internship Notices in the Student Job Center. 
.. Gain work experience related to your career interests. AND if you're in need of extra funds, now's the 

i time to get a job. Jobs are available off-campus, with a great variety from which to choose. Hurry ... the time is NOW! Employers need YOU! 
• PROGRAM FOR HUMANITIES. SOCIAL SCIENCE MAJORS 
• What can your degree do for you? Meetings held at 2 pm and 3 pm at your college. See your Dean's I. office to make an appointment: 
• When When Cell tor AppoIntment 
• 

Mondays Revelle 452-3490 
T d Muir 452-3587 

• ues ays Warren 452-4355 
• Wednesdays Third 452-.a90 Thursdays 
• Also available: A program designed for Seniors - Employment after Graduation . Contact Michael 
: Hulfachoror dates. times. and locations. 

• If you're a sophomore or junior there are th ings you can do now to heighten the nature of yourfuture 
• degree (and help YOU QeI into araduateschool) . Come in and get acquainted. YOUR FUTURE IS NOWI 

________ 6 __ • ___________________________ _ 

PROGRAM FOR PHYSICAL. ENGINEERING SCIENCE MAJORS 
Career discussions to help you explore and reach your employment goals, this program is designedlorEngineering, 
Chemistry, Physics, Computer Science, Math and other physical science majors. 

When Whe,. TIme 
Tuesdays Third College 2:00 pm-3:00 pm 
Wednesdays Muir 2:00 pm-3:00 pm 
Thursdays Warren 10:00 am-11:00 am 
Fridays Revelle 10:ooam-11:00am 
Sign up in the colleges. 

Thursday 
Wednesday 
Tuesday 
Thursday 

Sign-ups are required . 

January 26 
February 1 
February 28 
March 2 

B 

2-4:30 pm 
2-4:30 pm 
2-4:30 pm 
2-4:30 pm 

To learn all the fundamentals of preparation and use of a resume, how to approach employers and 
the all important interview processes attend : 

JOB HUNTING WORKSHOP 

lJCSI)'e M8rk 1I1a.y_ ......... Mre 
.... ttliltg .lHIer til. board8, .... llad _ 
i.tere.tias b •• ketb.n hi.tory. La.t 
year. _ a freahmaa , laelettered oa the 
varsity team. This year, he waa dropped 
to JVs. Now, h. has dropped off the 
te.m. 

Reaching for stars ... 

this week. 

His squad. decimated 
lneligibilities, has been 
Dine members, 
starters . In the last 
luard Johnny Cox , 
Howard Grunloh and 
leading scorer and 
Brockett have been 
due to various ac,aOE!1I 
Brockett, who missed 
game at UC Riverside 
was reinstated 
his academic 

Trouble here 
Earlier this season, 

singing a different 
three big forwards , 
lettermen and was 
of his most successfu 
ever. Then the trouble 

Kevin Dou las , a 
guard from 
declared academical 
Brad Conyers , a 6'9 " 
Hondo Junior College 
subsequently with 
Next, 6'6" Grunloh. a 
Berkeley , devel oped 
problems and missed the 
quarter. resulting in 
ineligibility . Brian Keller 
from Eastern New 
Univer ity. became 
grades. Finally. SOI)hOmon 
Runyan, upset 
left the team. 

(Continued Crom page 1) professor o[ ph sic 
our own galaxy. such as diglc,on. 

ranus, cptune , Pluto and 
offered every week: 

Q Friday, January 27 - 2-4 pm, Student Center Building B 
.g Thursday. February 2 - 2-4 pm, Revelle Formal Lounge 

Haley's Comet when it appears in 'rne faint obj ct spectograph 
• the 1980s. a high resolution s 

~ Co-investigator Edward Beaver. being developed under a $10 
AI Wednesday, February 8 - 2-4 pm. Outback Cafe, Warren College 
(II Thursday, February 23 - 3-5 pm, Student Center Building B 

~ March 7 and 9 - 2-4 pm, locations to be announced 

en also an assistant research contract at Goddard Space F 
:; physiCist, sai d that the UCSD Center, will each be equipped 
u proposal faced "stiff competition" the digi co n detector , w 

from three other p.restigious operates under the principle 
institutions _ Harvard , the light is dispersed by the 
University of Texas a nd the graph and individual photons 
University of Colorado _ who also enter each of the 500 channels 
vied for the contract. "eyes " on the surface of t 

CD Note: If you 're planning to saek a summer job th is workshop Is a must. No sign-ups required. Just 
attend. Pick up schedule at Career Planning and Placement. 

Health Experience Learning Program . 
Meets every Wednesday. 4-5 pm in the North Conference Room of the Stu dent Center. Provides lecture 
and volunteer hospital experience for students considering future careers in the Health Sciences. 

BROWN BAG LUNCH SERIES 
Meets from noon to 1:00 pm in the Multipurpose Room of Building B of the Student Center. To focus on graduate 
school opportunities: 

January 27 - Microbiology 
February 10 - Pharmacology 
March 3 - Neurosciences 

r I n h an I arn more about raduale schools in the above fields. 
FIELD TRIPS FOR HEALTH SCIENCE STUDENTS 

Trips are from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm, Sign-ups are required. Transportation is provided. 
Q February 3 - UCLA School of Dentistry 
.g February 17 - Southern California School of Optometry E 
AI February 24 - C.R. Drew/USC Physicians Assistant Program : 

i Other programs available: FACES OF HEALING ~ 
Every Tuesday. noon-2:oo pm in TLH 107. Pick up schedule at Career Planning & Placement. Also 
available - seminars on Decision-Making, Personal Growth , etc. 

OPEN HOURS FOR HEALTH SCIENCE 
MO"1day 
T uf'sday 9-10:00 1m 

9-11 :00 1m 
We.:lnesday !HO:30am 

T~lIrsday 9-11 :00 1m 
Fn.:say . 9-11:00am 

1 :30-2:00 pm 
2:00-3:00 pm 

2-3:00 pm 
A good way to get answers to your questions! 

Is telc'~ing a careerforyoul Find ~W~c'i!~fr!~fo~y~~~!be':e?t~~"esource Room (MCC-250) at Third 
Colleg'3:1 

Wednesday - 11 :00-12:00 noon 
ThursdlY - 2:00-3:00 pm 

Intere9ted In LAW? Prepare now for Law School- Internships, use of law library, opportunity to ~islt a law school 
class ... AII 01 these available as part of the LEAP Program. A TTEND the first meeting, January 26, 3-4 pm in the North 
Conference Room at the Student Center. 

WE'RE HERE TO HELPI 
CAREER PLANNING & PLACEMENT SERVICE 

Student Center Comple •. Building B 

Digicon 
The success of the proposal is 

attributed to the .. radical new 
approach" taken by the tea m , 
whose design includes the i' nple-
mentation of a device developed by 
Beaver and Carl McIlwain, UCSD 

instrument. The process allows 
detector to produce a clear 
over a period of viewing 
extremely distant objects 
would appear faint or blurred 
other conditions of observation. 

Additionally, utilizing a 

Free Movies 

~o;;;;clubJ,-~~~ 
Membership meeting 
Place: AP&M 2313 
Time: Tuesday, Jan. 24, 7 pm 

tlully-s 
Prime Rib 

Dining 
At its Best 

La Jolla 
459·2768-

Del Mar 
755·1660 

Mission V 
291·2665 

academ ic 
to just 

of three 
sta rting 

forward 
cente r . 
er Lee 

team 

~Iverstd~ Tuesday evening and lost their 
mnth game of the season. 77-54 . Trailing 
~-30 at half-time. Cunningham noted. " We 
J~st ran out of gas . We've been playing 
tired. both at practice and in games." 

In explaining the loss. Cunningham said 
" There's a lack of execution or 'game: 
slippage.' We 're not executing in games 
like we do in practice ." No execution 
combined with a thinned out roster' 
dropped the Tritons' overall record to 4-9: 
Joe Greenstein led UCSD with 12 points 
while Peter Volk, Bart Bradley and Tom 
Omalev each chipped in 10 . Cunningham 
says he 'l run a ball control offense to 
regulate (and s low down) the tempo of the 
game. "A perfect game for us would be to 
win 38-31. " 

League opener tonight 
The Tri ton s host California Baptist 

College, the two -time defending 
conference champion, at8 pm in the NAIA 
District Three Southern Division opener 
fO.r both schools. Ca l Baptist, although 10-6, 
WIll not be the consensus choice to repeat 
as conference titlist. The Lancers lost four 
starters (Micnael Ja ckson, Rommie 
Rogers, Stanley Oldham and Clarence 
Brown) from their 76-77 team. The four 
were dismissed from school for their roles 
in numerous cam pus burglaries . 

Point Lorna looks like the class of the 
Southem Divi ion, having compiled an 11-
4 mark this year. UCSD and Cal Baptist 
will most likely fight for second and third 
place , followed by Southern California 

Forward Paul Gardener, 
center Tom Polk and forward 
AI Jacobs make up the heart of 
the Triton offense. They have 
accounted for over sixty 
percent of the scoring in the 
first six games. The addition of 
6'6" Mark Runyan on perma-
nent basis will make the Triton 
front line one of the strongest in 
the junior varsity ranks. 

The Tritons have lost their 
two games by a total of only 
three points. A few missed field 
goals and an inability to hit 
consistently from the free 
throw lire have been the road 
blocks to a perfect record. 

Following is a summary of 
the Tritons' last three contests: 

UCSD 97 
Naval Air Station 96 OT 
The Tritons played their best 

UCSD's Paul Gardener tak.a a rebound game of the young season by 
away from a Long Beach State player in beating a tough avy team in 
a JV conte.t Tuesday, which was won overtime. The JV cagers were 
by Long Beac h , 65-63. A atory on the able to overcome a six point 
game is in the ned column , deficit with two minutes left to 

11 10 astron II d "A t f th b send the game into overtime. omers ca e . ro~omy IS one 0 e etter it carries on a required observing Tom Polk hit the tying shot at 
os<: opy, da La may be Intern a tIOnal cooperative sci - program. 
as to the composition of,.n ence ," sa id Harms ... beca use The existence of the Space Shuttle the buzzer. which circled the 

ct , Its temperature, Its a.tronomerstendtosharefacilitie will enable ASA to recapture the rim five times before finally 
ng pressure, and as to the WIth people all over the world." telescope afte r five years in order to falling in . Polk also hit the 
of a magnetic field. Termed a ' ·facility instrument," upgrade the instrument , since winning shot in the wanning 
into orbit by the pace th~ te.lescope will be available to " technology is improving all the seconds of the overtime period . 

pace Telescope will be SCIentists from all countries, while time," said Harms. 48~ Crr~m h ~hte a fi~~J,P~~t~~~~ 
from Goddard 

Tom Polk had another fine 
game lor the Tritons. He led all 
scorers with 28 'points while 
pulling down six offensive 
boards. AI Jacobs (I? points), 
Paul Gardener (17 points) and 
Ron Samuels (12 points) all had 
strong offensive games. 

Long Beach State 65 UCSD 63 
UCSD lost their first game of 

the new quarter to a very strong 
Long Beach State squad. The 
contest remained close the 
entire evening as neither team 
could pull away by more than 
four points. 

With two minutes left to go in 
the game it was still anyone' s 
ballgame. The Tritons were 
down by three , 61-64 , when Ron 
Samuels went to the line for a 
one and one free throw 
situation. Although only 
shooting 60% on the year he was 
able to hit the two crucial free 
throws to put CSD back by 
one. Or. the next play, a Long 
Beach State player was called 
for charging and UCSD 
regained posses ion withjust54 
seconds left to play . The Triton 
were unable to duplicate their 
amazi ng comeback of Friday' 
game , however . as Ron 
Samuels missed an off balance 
jump hot. Coach Wayman 
tried desperately to signal his 
players for a time out but 
Samuel s s hot was history 
before it was acknowledged. 
The 4gers then ran out the clock 
to win the game 65-63 . 

Center , in order to Football ret r . - -t players scored in double 
pollution, such as water U ns In Splrl figures . AI Jacobs (30 points) The Tritons ' first real test of 

and disturbing activity that Intra mural Athletic Director 1967 was the high point man for the the season will be against 
result f.ro.m human occupa- Mike Hipp has c· ome across a pI'ece Th' T't T ' 1M b k b Tritons . He hit 14 field goals , USIV. The Westerners ~ve 

e f1 on Imes as et all mostly from the outside, to been playing very solid 
the orbltmg telescope. of UCSD memorabilia thought to squa d purchased most of the break out of a mild scoring basketb II h ' l b t ' th 

Advantages . never exist. available shirts to use asjerseys for a w I e ea 109 e 
ru. ndamental advantages of h slump. same Long Beach State team 

t e current intramural season, but and the ever tough UCLA 
ecl, according to .Beaver, While browsing at a San Diego a few of the collector items are still UCSD 102 Ambassador 73 Bruins . Coach Wayman will be 
the telescope will be above sporti ng goods shop. Hipp found a available at Snowden M' . 

. - Ize In The Tritons broke the counting on his superior front 
rth ' s atmosphere . which limited supply of authentic UCSD FashIOn Valley 

" century mark for the first time line and the improving skills of 
a su bstantial portion of ~ootba ll jerseys. The blue and gold So, .. f you see someon~ on campus this season. Every player on guards Ron Samuels and Tony 

emitted by an object . f~~s~~~~:ri~ ~~~g!:~J~ ~~~~:IS~~ ~eaf1ng a II· Cal San Diego foot~all the team was able to score, Filer to carry the Tritons on to 
e turbul a nce in the D Jersey, don t worry. Interco!leglate while four players tallied in the their best season ever. The Jay 
which degrades the iego Football" emblazened on footba ll has not been reVIved at double figures Vees take on the Marine Corps 

,will be e liminated. front. UCSD has not h a d a n UCSD. It's only a ghost of seasons UCSD opened up a 13-0 lead Reserve Depot tonight at the 
intercollegiate football team since past, eleven to be exact. . and never looked back. Coach ' f~~.r:!:. .. -.-.. -.,-.,-,.- .. -,.-,._, AIR POLLUTION '1I111I111I1I11111I111I1I"1~ I ! 

: : 'COMMUNITY' 
RESEARCH ~ ATTENTION §fBL()()DBA~TU"} : Third Collece Students : ; .c1.L .,. ~ 

Wan t to hirc two very bright undergraduates with high grade point 
average for air pollution prediction research project using advanced 
compute r equi pment . I ntelligence a n<' truly exceptional ability in 
mathematics and physical scienccs required . Computer experience 
deSIrable but not mandatory. Freshmen and sophomores preferred . S4 
per hou r, appro)(imately 12 hours per we<ic during quarter, more hours 
possible during vacations. Research funded by California Air Resources 
Board . Call 452-3289. mornings. 10 arrange inlerview with Prof. Kent 
WIlson, Chemist Dc rlmen!. 

YouCanCMt 
With D •• rgent 

But tp.JIf hoir 
oz. 

VIDAL SASSOON 8 oz.2.66 SEA KElP . . . .. 16 oz. 2.59 
VIDAL SASSOON Concen· ACV ..... .. .... 8 oz. 1.55 

trate (makes 1 gal.) . 6.65 ACV .......... 16 oz. 2.33 
TIA ZOUN with Protein and MEDI SOL V for oily hair 

Placenta 8 oz. ... . .. 1.55 and scalp ..... 8 oz. 3.75 
UNICURE 16 oz . ..... 2.69 ............. 16 oz. 6.95 
JHERI REDDING Amino PH MEDI DAN for dandruff 

· . . . . . . . . . . .. 16 oz. 2.53 .... .. ........ 8 oz. 3.59 
· ...... , . , .... 8 oz. 1.55 JHERI REDDING MIlk and 
· . ...... Concentrate 4 Q~ Honee for dry hair 

GOLDEN CAL V,tamin E ............. 16 oz. 
WIth Placenta . III Ol . ~ " ' ..• •••••••• . • 32 oz. 

\Qaga 8eauty Supply 
757 "-or! - 45f.0711 

'---AND M(1IRF'---' 
In _ht Vtlt.gt Pl.\u WIth Iht- Soup b(:~ 

Frt* P6tlllng 
M Th 1000~JO '-11 10 8 5.. 10 , 

Charters 
Book now for summer 
Europe from $399 . 
1 to 16 weeks to 11 cities 
Hawaii from $189 
Hont Kona from $499 

: Anyone interesll'd in opp~l'ingfor : ~ 983 India , 
:0 posirion on rhe A S Council : ! 327 F SHeet r 
: shouldcoml'lo rhe Dean'sofflce, : l PAYS DONORS ~ 
:412 Warren Campus x4390, rofl/l : t 
: our an app/icalion. : • for Service ! 
:_- Deadline Fri. Jan. 17, 1978 _= t ',;, l Mon . - Fri . 

. ;, : : t 233-5481 , 
." I II I III I II II I II 1111111 , II II .., ; 234.460 I : 

........ _...... ............ . ..... " ... _.t 

........... 

taCOIlla 
.- ~.....-c-

DANCE 
A'ftanchoiOel Mar Travel ..IAN1.IAKT:U ST 1It~"""1 1_ · ~t_-.. ...... . 

11815 Sorrento Valley Road (In the original Del Mar Ranch House) 
452-9414 or 155-RDMT 

*DELMAR~ 
IairgrouncIs 



...... 

··~iTE·i;·os·;ID·ON···! 
Is 

North County's No.1 Fun Spot 
Tuaday: Fashion ShoWI 
•• Wed: LadIeI N ..... (Fint DrIB .. O. U.) 
........ coa,..·· 

Thun: California Dance Co. 
Fri-Sat-Sun: Felix and his Disco Shows 

Lunch-DinM,-En'e,tllinmerl' 
1670 CCNU' Blvd., Del Mil' 

On 'M IIHch & More 'hlln II Duco! 
•.....................•.....•................................... 

STARTS TODAYI 
''ALLEGRO N~ T2OPPO"i~ not one 

of those"foreig" 'art'films'':''-It'~ an ani mated feature- .I' 
A hi1 arious parody of "fANTASIA".' 
(Some people So so far as ~o say 
it has the best. animation in 

the la5t ars n 

Bruno 8ozzetto's 

Allegro Non Troppo 
(don'tletthename!oolyou) ~ 
EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT! 

SHOWS DAlLY AT: 1:30,3:30,5:15,7:00, 8:45,10:30 

Two 0/ Cllarlie ellaplin'. 
Greatest Hits -

"MODERN TIMES" & 
"THE GREAT DICTATOR" 

'Modern TImes': 12:30, 4:30, 8:30I'Dictator': 2;10, 6:10. 10:10 

Tritoo Times Arts 
Wilder strikes again 

by JW LoalIe Bueley 
ArtsWfller 

"The World's Greatest Lover" is a lood old 
faabioned boy gets Iirl-boy loses girl-boy leta 
lirl back 88ain romance, a film made fllDDY by 
writer/directorlstar Gene Wilder's typical 
sl,-htly offbeat, slapstick-type humor, and 
sullied only by a little too much intellectualiza-
tion here and there. (Before this, the last movie I 
saw that didn't bowl me over with meuap was 
"For the Love of Benji"). 

''*W. ~." •. 1171 

The messa,e in this case has to do primarily 
with acting, but Wilder executes quite a few 
pointed attacks on the film industry and ita star-
makin, apparatus as well. Making something of 
a case for method acting, the impossibly inept 
Rudy Hickman becomes a stardom-bound Rudy 
Valentine and proves he can only act 
convincingly as the world's greatest lover when 
he is actually suffering an emotional upheaval, 
which is always conveniently occuring just 
before a screen test. The coup de grace comes 
when Rudy, awarded the title of the world's 
greatest lover by a motion picture studio that 
has tested thousands of men not ~uite so sexy as 
he, announces, " This is not real ,' and with tears 
in his eyes, rides out of the soundstage to pursue 
his estranged wife, who is traveling by train to 
Milwaukee. Naturally, the horse catches up 
with the train ... 

_ ............ 

Lover" are over-indulged and over -
intellectualized, but the pathos approaches the 
Chaplinesque in a fine and commanding way. 
This is a very funny movie, sometimes wry, not 
too terribly vulga r, and not too terribly silly . It is 
also very sad. Sad and funny at the same time. 

Rudy Valentine simply cannot act; in fact, he 
habitually sticks his tongue out whenever he 
gets nervous. The character only succeeds to 
stardom by his honest emotion, by his caring for 
another human being . It is this type of 
sentimentality that I think Wilder is 
particularly good at expressing. The slapstick 
routines and the jok~ in " The World's Greatest 

But "The World's Greatest Lover" is still 
over-indulgent, which is a common naw in films 
written, directed and acted by the same man. 
We all think ourselves a wee bIt funnier than we 
actually are . The indulgence to beat all 
indulgences , however, is that Carol Kane, who 
plays Rudy 's wife, looks like Wilder (she's 
prettier, though) and acts like Wilder. It's 
almost as if Wilder were playing all the roles , as 
well as doing everything else; in this movie, the 
world is Wild~r and he is his own greatest lover. 

'78 DATSUN 
B·210 

TOP ECONOMY 
PluiGOODLOOKSI 
• GX HATCHIACK 

.~5fDAN 
(S ........... DoIu .. ' 

• 2.DOO1 SEDAN 
(5 ........... o.Iu .. ' 

SAN DIEGO 
DATSUN 

AtI ........ ·IDIt .. 
111111l1li VALUY 

'!'!l!!' I ..... --
.. "P' ...... _--

. 

SD Symphony jazzes up 
for "cabaret" concerts 

Tickets go on sale Monday for 
the San Diego Symphony 
Orchestra's two cabaret style 
"pops" concerts to be held Feb. 
21 and March 13 in Golden Hall, 
reports Richard Bass, the 
orchestra's general manager. 

The February concert WIll 
feature noted jazz clarinetist 
Benny Goodman as guest 
soloist with the orchestra , 
conducted by Charles Ket-
cham, associate conductor . 
Populartunesfrornthejazzera 
will be performed . 

For the March program , 
Academy Award-winning 
composer Henry Mancini will 
conduct the orchestra in a 
medley of his famous hits from 
movies and television. 

Floor of Golden Hall. In place of 
the usual theatre-style seating. 
the Main Floor will have 
nightclub tables and chairs. 

Single tickets for these 
" cabaret" concerts are $9 .50 
each for Main Floor seats, $7 .50 
for Loge and Front Balcony, 
and $5.50 for Rear Balcony. Due 
to state beverage laws, Main 
Floor ticket-holders musl be 21 
years of age or older. 

Tickets are available at the 
Center Box Office , 202 "C" 
Street, downtown San Diego; at 
all Bill Gamble's Men's Stores, 
and at other Select-A-Seat 
outlets throughout the county. 
Major credit cards will be 
accepted . The Center Box 
Office is open daily , except 
Sunday, from 9 am to 5: 30 pm . 

FOCUS 
ON Celebrate Israel's 

A special feature of these new 
" cabaret" concerts will be the 
availability of wine and beer 
beverage service on the Main 

For further information 
about these "cabaret" con-
certs, call 236·6510. 

ISRAEL 
A Week of Israel Awarene .. 

January 23-27, 1978 
MONDAY: 

ISRAELI DANCING 
Featurin& world-renowned choreographer 

~:ro achar in Mu ir Cafeteria 8 pm. 
~ lalon FREEl R.frnbm",ttl 

f--

WEDNESDAY 
I ISRAELI BANOI 

On 3ym Steps: Noon 
I ......... "Man in the Glass Booth" Mandeville 

Au(!i~rium 7:30 pm $1 .00. Tickets avail. in Box 
OffIce. 

1 

FRIDAY 
.ECTURE: "Israel in Perspective" 

Student Center, Bldg. C 6 pm. 

30th Anniversary 
P ..... ntedby 

Union of Jewish Students 
and 

I.r.el Actl.n Committee 
ofUCSD 

TUESDAY 
LECTURE: "Prospects for Peace in the 
Middle East". Student Center, Bldg. C 8 pm 
Refreshments 

THU RSDAY 
ISRAEL BAZAAR 

QD REVELLE ~LAZA 
Falafel, Israeli food, & belly dancing. Israeli 
dancing, too. NOON. 

For more Into 
c.l1 452-EDNA / 

or ASUCSD .t 452-4450 

SKOWHEGAN 
SCHOOL OF PAINTING & SCULPTURE 

SKOWHEGAN, MAINE 
June 22-Auguat 26, 1878 

Faculty David Driskell 
Peter Flaccus 
Richard Kreznar 
Peter Saul 
William T. Williams 

Visiting Artists Lynda Benglis 
Marisol 
David Novros 
Philip Pearlstein 
Wayne Thiebaud 

Fresco Ray Kelly 
George Schneeman 

Cummings Lecturer Robert Rosenblum 

For Advanced Students Full 9 Week SeLslon Only 
limited Scholarships Deadline: February 24 

For Information: Joan Franzen . Director 
329 East 68th Street 
New York . N."" 10021 
212 861-9270 

frldl1, .. ..." .. 1171 triton times 

tt classifieds 
CLi\SSlt'II'D APS Room for rwnt Dol Mar <!upl.. 0 .. bl k S ...... ra"': _ .......... ,..,.. beach Call 7S5-17Ot (1 / 23) 0(' rrom Aqu.mum·20 ... 1. . metal (r~me. ln eod oondltlon l 15 

N .......... r .... : '1 . ,.., I. 1IIQI'ft. or best oUer Jlnl ""3-4)512 11 /201 • 
I ..... ' F ...... : ,,,,,,'or ,. ........... ,.. .. , 
Ad ra&flWlf"l art: " a.N. "or SaW, Trauo' 

110_1. !Ioo', fno ..... --.1. a. Leo ... , ..... . 
Y .. , ad rtIIY ... ,.~ ...... 1 ru tar ma ll ..... or 

.wlh l'1'l'<I1. _. '"" ..... h m ....... ,. ... oIffno by 
! pm tt .. ·If'('Oftd .... Wfore , .... , ad II lO al9'"". 

oml'r ..... ' ,.,r U.,. .·la.MI' .... &·,..'1"'(· ... aN' 
(rom II "II \!~\ I 

personals 
Btl Anlnw l. or Bhll,~ 2 can you eon a bannna ~nd 
.... hlstle *110 Sef' )'OLI Almost Anyth lnc GoeJ 
fl'bruary " Ill.) 

NDW ICI"HOina appUunta: (or housinr in VCSO's 
own Oldt-n Hall POSitions limil~ 10 beOtUli(ul 

~ometa between thl' ales or ISl20yenrs"'lth ~ieht 
r~ntllDl bttw~en 5 .. ·5" 10" and "e1ltll of 120plu.or 
minus 15 It. Idepmd.n, on hei8hl) Me"8Urem~nll 
should ~J5..r4·33 lorIUHicienl ) . DIrt'<.1 all Inqulrl 
10 our repr~senI311\'e ,11 455-0621. Our "\of. IIlliy bt! 
to our reprnenlaliv at 45$-0629 Our III'f'a m~tV be 
bu y to keep Iryinl 111201 
Want..-d , One female 10ihare home inLaJolla IBird 
Rock. ~'lIh 3 other "'orlon, studenu. Own room 
SUUOJmo Sian reb. 13 '''''101 ) CaU4.\9.:;m .; 
lee L)'nn AI TT Orflt'e (I nO) . 

Is Arao fam", apart, II loola like II maybe you will Wunlt"d - Roomm ates 3 bdrm condo nOO4 mokcrs 
pruH' that )our not cra<.'ked up at AAG U/ 2O) IIZ~ mo &: ulilitiet CaU Marv 7. 453"'173 U/2O) 
TraCCnile lO 2£, .. ill whoevcr picked up my flO31 
pleale send me 8 COP) Barbara Thomas Oox <&237 
0 /20. 

BI.llk's Bt-och. un inltlallve petition to create a 
slillmsuh optional lOOt' at Bb,d,'IIIS bem. prepared 
b) 1M "'Jude lJeachf'J Committee. Ir Intere ted In 
"""n, In Ihls efron 011 campu call 111< NBC.I29I. 
Tll2 or (has at :l71 ~9209 ll / 20) 

To .. (lrst {'fassscoul' hike on over to whisper In my 
'dr "nd mOil be do som .. explonng Ttndt!rfoot 
111101 

tl.lrt )f'!I ' UVlna with you will be Cheese . ,.·'ne. 
sltiJk Jnd,Jn occ;J.lIional tool~ne roll Lo\'f~ , Someone 

II I~ ) 

Joo(1 Fremont . Co had .,reat time ~t the full 
Keep the wa ter runnin. a nd the Io\lln, coming 
Much IU\ f ttnd kis5('s Stan&e), UnO) 

A B Tu me ll1anaue beaueoup. Tr.HUitic bien ~l 
pense 'u moi de temps tn ttmps - C T (1/ 20) 

Re\ t' lle ('ol1llUuters·Come and show )our sp,nt and 
"'kill J ,l,W161 the Rtwrlle dumui on Feb '4 II J!O) 

It('n'lI~ ( ommut ... r Any thin, can hdppen when 
AlnlO . ." n~thln, Grlel " t~lkes pluce on F~b .. 

11 /20, 

\1 lkl' ('.IKe 'III e ... . .IOt to set' )OU oind ) ourshould('rs.-t 
ttlt' Outb,Kk d:Jncl~ tonilhl li l lO' 

Takl' ..I C. hoinct' gel down .. nd d,Jn('e at the Outback 
('.If I' 711 " .. r""n C~lInpus ".52-3092 d.IO<'e coni est 
IlrlU"lt II l(Ij 

Apvh(:JtlOns for BiolO(Ul 177 ' Probleml to ~brme 
Ulok)1l . 10 be 'Ilyen sprl.n, quarter al Bodee" 83) 
MJnne l"':lboratory , are 00'4< twme OJCX'epc:ed. Tbe 
('OOf)f' thli )e~tr Invoh'es it (ull ·llme quarter of 
IttlU re5 ,md Independent reseal'l'h GIl the tOPI(, or 
Predator pre) relation h.ps In marine orlamSfTla 
Coones In ,",·r.rtebrate 100101)' , manne biolocy, 
;1 00 et'Olol)' .H't desirable background but are not 
euentMI Addilional InrormatlOn and appliC'Jtioo 
forms are a\'allab~ from Mary Lou 2130 Bonner 
It.dl Appil(.'lAtion deudhne Junuury 27 Itl23J 

Fn5becClu~AIJ)'00 diMk nippers. we' N.' pl.-yinl on 
thr k t veUr InOi MUir, Field Friday al 2. 00 IIrlO) 
Le.wt' your mark on UCSO' Enterthe mural contest 
and paint lhe north wall or the 5 and Dime Cash 
a\llard for "innln. desi.n Entry form, at Mwr R 
11 ,, 11 QUt« , For info 4S$-Otl' deadline feb 3, 1971 
11 /201 
ATTE ~TION SKIER' Th. Januar) %1 · 2% 

~anHl'IOth tnp has been moved to January 21·29 It 
In cl Jd es transportal Ion rood . and 10dglnll 
fcoodomlllJum ""nhluurw .. ndjacUUII Price 1,$45 
('.111 Slru' .,1-0957 t 1/2(1) 

housing 
Wa nted Oner~ma lelosha~homeinLaJolla IBird 
RtK' k) wit h 3 otber ""orkiRl 5ludenu. Dwn room, 
11I2 5OJmo Stan Feb. 13-,no.ot.) CoU4i14-Sl79. or 

, L)'nn lit 17 oHice. U/20) 

VERY CHARMING fURNISHED 2·bodroom La 
J Oll3 HIli v.ew home to stNIre with youq Gennan 
girl Maw/female conAiderat. aoo plus utilities. 

PItoJ~ call before: 9 am or a lter. pm, Home: . 59· 
2414 , or bUltne -454·,227 • . Jutla (1/ 2$1 

r. .. r.l gl' for rent in lovel¥ 0.-1 Mar home hse priVIes 
~/:~tb 2 bl to bch .reat ppl 264 26th 452·.,... 

rMl needed 10 share MIt bdr or 2 to shHre same 
100ely h .. 0.1 N~r 2 blk bch 214 2Ii 4$2-1344 ... 
il / ZO ) 

services 
SEED A QLrET 'l'PPORTIV~ PLACE TO 
STLOY N FRI AND AT. NrGIiTS' Siullen .. lor 
upportn'r olJoplHhl(' study (SSAS. will o~n 

GalTen AuditOrium BSBIOS from S-12 pm on rn 
and Sal niehU. All l:CSD tudenll are welcome 
ThlJ Bluely hall \WIll be open e\oery w~kend th 
quant'f Please jOin us I 

Typin&. editlne . corrections , re ' ''''nte 
EnlUlh 1S3·3935 Ilarb.r. 1IJ2S) 

B.A 

KUNG·FU. t-."ow (ormlng cla.ues on campus In OM 
of lhe most popul;,r styles Cijll Gaspar 01 UHO'15 
11/271 

N~EO A TYPIST" Heasonable rdl~s , PEEDY 
SERVICE IBM iell-l"Orre<'ung Kathie 776-9299 
a fter l2: 00 noon IJlI?) 

Calliope', CoUre Hou e '" Inl~rnallonal lolk 
daoclO.2927 Meade Avr Non.b Park .~or IOfo 214-
9501 1IJ2S) . 

Preclon hoiircull S6 M or 1" phi c:..11 Jun.a -459-2.u4 
"rter' pm (1 / 28) 

TUloring b) nall\e Gc.-mlJO and .... rench StUhr pi 
call459-2~ ufter I pm 11120, 

LEARN PANr ' lI 
!f )oo really wanllo learn Spanish quickly , Ouently 
and corn-etl)', and If you ha\'e the couraae and 
stamina (or IntenSlvr and dlf('lphned study «Ime 
rur at lea t one month 10 Cue-mavuc;I w~guage 
&hool Firsl month S3OO . Follo~'lnglour ~eeul2OO 
Private tutor QvsiJable61 S350 for 50 hOUri ~talls 
APOO. 4.10 Cuerna\,a<'u, MeXICO '611') 
Pro(enlOlldl Typinl , neason3bl~ Rates lHM 
Correct'"' seIN1n(.· C<:tll for Free Estimate Gull 
481 ·7$40 16I~ 1 

TYPIOK-seUcorrecuna: IBM 8t:~tnc term papers, 
these , elc t''4:p('r,,·n<'t''d ..aU· I'" eveninls, t6l191 
TVPING' IBM Selectn(' term papen. Lhelt. PhD 
dluen.liolll. edltinl' RUSH JOBS . 4:13~ ~ 
mi. 211-4938. 4.\2·1581 16111 . 
~YPIJt. IBM leclflC II . dictaphone ",\'sUable 
\ try reasonable rates 4114 2113 11 /20J 
... VERY SPECIAL datcare IlUalian that 's moat 
educational enjo)'uble ... 00 economical 453 .1216 
111m) 
ColI"I ... RESEARCH PAPERS ThouJands on 
rile AU iiCademlC subJeCt.» Send $1.00 for mail 
order ~ataIOl , Box %581I-Z. LoIAn.e~ • . Cahr toOrs 
1m) .n .... 14 111201 
HF. E HCH Pl\PERS - ThousnndJJ on file S2 7$ 
per pale. Onllnal rrse .. ,ch also availoble. Send 
"00 for colalol N TrONAL RESEARCH 1_ 
Wllshu'f' no. 214 LA 90024. 1%1:11 479 1011. f3J17) 
PROFESSIONAL THESIS J MANUS CR rPT 
TVPING Experienced, thorouehl)' familiar Ydth 
all form "" ~tylf' requlrell'W!nt., RU.!I.hjobi QC'Cepted 
IHM Correctln, 501,,,,.,,c " typewrller Day ~ 
3311 . •••. _2947. 16191 
Anyone Inttre.ted 10 ... ·urkmK as a "olwneer in ehe 
UCSDSports Inronnallon Department plt'8secome 
10 the meeting lhl.5 rriduy Jan 20, iJl noon in the 
Rec::_ Conferen~ Room Ii 1201 

for sale 
Io-,peed lUll frame w/('ampy Genlil , sewups. 
Su,ino, Cmell . etc parts 1190 ... J-t5$3 Tim (1 / 20) 

DRAPERIES'! Fit .. ny Re\'eUe Mudhul room. 
Mul Ucolor pastel Only 115. Ca ll 452 ,1011 Ask (or 
LouIR 111:101 

La JoUa Villa. 
IlII Prospeet, ~~9-3611 

CUiUlr Manin Ilkt' new S900 offer bl(,,)'('~ Sch""mn 
10· peed mon. $75. 741-5160 "1>5) 

Flult!, 8undY-~ln'K'r No case Needs n1lnot rep • .ur 
or lower re,liler ke)1 Good ~Iinner 7s.s.t041 
MI('hael 41 / 201 

Re,ulaLOI"' l,; S Divers 100 l'OndHlon overhawled 
e\,ery'month • 00 7551041 MI('hat'1 0 / :.1'01 

I'm un orphaned pair of San Mart'Ollki boot., llite 7 
n~ for S50 10 ex cond Call Cilse)' ,,53,3380 .. IOfo 
1IJ:t31 

1966 Ro\per HOO standard ne ... ' paint ne .... lires 
Eu-ellenl t'Ondltion 279-6067 call eves 11 / 20) 

Good as new Shenk'i calculus COSl o\er 122 00 sell 
ror II" 00 ("all 452.092:6 e\'~mnls t 1/ 271 

Pinto '110'3'00 19736.5000 miles u~ roof ra( k ne .. 
battery body ilnd Olechexc cond x27I7eve454 4560 
11123) 

'75 Suzuki GT 5SO Only 6000 mile. , SfiOOIbest offer 
BII at 453.(1144 Musl sel/soon 0 /23. 

SUl-uki GT $50 1975 Primo blke-only S6GO or best 
offer Musl sdl .l.oon Cull 8111 at 4$3..0144 (l J23) 

71 8uK'k Skylark 350 vR AIr, radio. po'4<t-rstcermll 
clean 'Mlde, low miles $2500 or bt" t Miles 45.,1..7591 
11123) 

wanted 
Cash paid. for COinS . class nn¥~, Jt! ... ·dry dental 
lold , lerlm_ , and pre 1 C S Silver coin K, 
7SS-7171 IVI) tn 
Earn. Subjects needed for psych tJllperimenl Men 
21040 Please call-4S2 .... J05 be1ween 2~ pm 11 /271 
Ad, .. m.oe l~ (romeirs of 3Clence-' 8reak through the 
barriers or Durkneu l SubJ~cu 'IIoaPled (or 
EleclrOencf'phalolraphic IEEG) s ludl f: or 
aUenlion Rt"ldtivel) palnlcSII but some mental 
effon reQulrf'd 1(lntt'~stedandmoll\ .. led, 51&:nup 
In room 31n Srorcrorup Hull ( 10) POI), about 
S2.SO/ hr ( 1120) 
3 Positions AHIII ;lble t fuil -llme • 5 M· f ) 
11 Mechanl c .d E "gineer / M "n ... er Tra inee 

uperv.se deplS 'IIoorkfng on me<'h tng pmJfU.s 
SSM E reqUtr 21 DII.tal Engmeer-\ltork on design & 
telt ?r uhra sonl~ scan conn' rtors Should be 

ra~lImr W/dl"v1a}5 BSEE prer or t.'lCp IllJ)ooJyr 
31 ~.I~'lrj(' .. ' i::nglneer d~.lllin &. tt'st .. uto \ !fCUII r) 
tblen \l't.-d be r .. null .l r \II h '()flIPutera &: prog 
II. 000/ ) r C oJlI Jim 8url~) 0431 9191 urrp,u me 61 55 
£1 ('.Ull' i' 1t t',JI , C,:l "I " t\.It1 ~~ 11J 23 1 

travel 
BOOK OS CAMPUS Europe. Ha.all and N .... 
Vorl< Chaner YIt&hu . lEE tUdtnt Trav., Studonl 
Center ~ Open MW F I S CaU 452.ouo IIJlII 

Dnvin,lO N.E "~eb. 1 need per-son lO sharcd"",inK 
a nd expenses Call Irwin .. 52 .... 007. ( 1120) 

XEROX 
COPIES 

2~~. 
1601 SI.lh A.en .. 
231 · 1676 

COLOR I 
• XEROX 
50c Each 

5c dIJpllcalos 

OPEN 7:30 • . m . • 10 p .m . M.F 
SalUrdllys & SundoyslO-S 

AI o.t WillWOod VIIII,t, South Co •• t Plnl, Nortbrld,e r. hlon 

1 Chnst ', convjctor 
6. Rus Ian ruler 
10. Shultle bus 
14 . Plenliful 
IS. ""m,h POt 
16 Ancient Gual. 
19. Roman Ro.ad 
20 Donkey 
21. Sna r ... 
22 Make amends 
23 Prisoner's relief 
24 Blackbird 
2S lIor ... shelters 
28 __ Jane 
30. Chaplin ', Wife 
31 San __ MeXICO 
32. Do coke 
J6 Voter 's forum 
37 Peru\ Ia n ma mmal 
3& Concemtng labbr ) 
39 Tltamc's fate 
40 P.nlCle 

41 Final G"",k leller 
42 Incitne 

~. AII 
45. Strike repealedly 
4S. Busy insects 
49 Fencin, sword. 
50 Miscalculate 
51 Woman 's name 
54 . Worm 
55 MUir reSidence 
59 . Cook'"i pol 
60 Cupid 
61 Walking ticks 
62 Marljua ml residue 
63 Stoop O\'f!r 
64 " You Only Live .. 
DOWN --
I Laugh 
2 Large birds 
3 Ename measure ment (abbr ) 
4 IIelio SpJn I .. r ) 
S ToothwlSC 
6 Sum up 

7 M.step 
8 Pub bevera,e 
9. Dorm counselors 
10 Newspaper 
II Pull aialn 
12 Prayer endmgs 
J3 Muck 
IS . Showy flower 
22 Ja c kie, ' hubb)' 
23 La Jolla shore 
24 Home 10 Ma dnd 
25 W...,p 

P...-7 

26 Joseph n.ph. ~ IBlb) 
27 Soon 
21 Window occupanl 
29 " On Ihe 
31 Hair color 
33 Unique thmC 
34 Lo" e pa n y 
35 Leaf) drink 
71 Fibber 
41 Holm It up ,2 v. ds • 
.. 3 S pd nlsh .. n,cJe 

# • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • ~ .. 

ft. 

T~IRD COLLt;Gt; 
ANNUAL SfMI-t=ffiMAL ,DANCt; 

at the 
CATA~A~AN HO!EL(Kon Tiki Room) 
3999 MISSIon - MIssion Beach 
FRIDAY, JANUARY 20.1 978 
NINE O'CLOCK UNTIL TWO O'CLOCK 
$4.50 per penon 

t 

After Five Att ire 

• 

ill 
ill 

~ 
ill 
ill 
ill 
ill 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • * 

ff-AislS-JffiE-sT1 
: (~e are testing the effectivness of our I 
I Triton ads as part of a marketing survey,) : 
: SIMPLy : 
18 I 
: ring In this Ad and with each 1f.lb. of : 
I homestyle cookies you buy you get I 
:1J.lb. FREEl ': 
I I 
I -OR- I 
I I 
:Recelve 1 FREE italian Ice with: 
:each one purchased - (don't forget: 
Ithe ad!) I 
I I 

: THAT SIMPLE : 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I 4665 Clalremonl Or, I 
: Clalremont Sq. Shopping elr. : 
I I 

----------------------------------~-~~~~~~!~~J ~-------__________ ~_-6392: 
------

Center, SUIt. Anile FuItton Pull. 



...... 

- -MONONOC-rLEOSIS 
'If you t ave Mono now, or are recovering from its 
effects. e are interested in your plasma for clinical I 
diagno') . 

FAST, SIMPLE PROCEDURE 
1M MEDIA TE CASH 

Call Mr. Bendler at 233-6553 or Mr. Oakes at 275-2151 
Southwest Biologies, Inc. 

630 Columbia St. San Diego, CA 92101 
- . .-

-

Spring 
Break 
• 1ft 

MAZA TLAN__ N'('{~h 
$171-

i ~~ 
Leave March 27 5 days/4 nights 
includes hotel, deluxe dinner, special 
discount book, taxes, airfare, bay . 
cruise and airport transfers. 

Call Now - 566-8490 

TLC Travel 
~H'10 MIRAMAR ROAD. UITE "D" 

SAN pl.EGO . CA LIfORNIA '11111 ' PH ONE (7 t4 15(,6-8490 

Letter ••• 
(Continued from pale 3) 
than it criticizes the administra-
tion. It is in fact an ideological arm 
of the administration, beholden In 
no way to the student body. 

Stadler, repent! Resign from this 
rag! Your talents would be much 
better used by Reader's Digest or 
the National Enquirer or by Radio 
Free Europe. (I don't think your 
skill at irrationality is quite up to a 
CIA caliber.) 

I say this because Mr. Stadler has 
not yet learned even a high school 
civics level distinction between 
" representatIve" democracy and 
"direct" democracy. He wants us 
to feel it is incredible that 
" Members or the Student Coopera-
tive, the last 'unofficial' govern-

LEARN TO FLY 

California Gliders 
Flight Training Center 

offers 
Hang Gliding Instruction 

at all levels -
novice thru expert 

7 Days a week 

CertifIed USHGA Instructors 

for further information 
CONTACT 

ALBION CORPORATION 
8490 PRODUCTION AVE. 

SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 
92121 

(714) 271-7810 

MedaUlon Cassette Player Bowman 20 oz. Dual Cone 

Big soundl Small price! This Cassette 
Player features life-like sound, good 
power and ali the controls one needs. 
Full tone balance and volume slide 
controls, fast forward and eject. 
Mfg. list was $59.95 

OnSale $2995 These Bowman 685 flush mount with 20 oz. 

Tenna Ranger 2005 under Dash 

Cul8tanding performance and good 
sound is what you get. Locking fast 
f( rward, Stereo/Mono switch and 
n ore. 

List was $120. On Sale: $60.00 

Mag. and Dual Cone sure sound good! USI.... .1IlE 81 ...... 
Supersmall Sanyo 407 

Look at the features this machine h ... 
Locking fast forward, Stereo/Mono 
switch, Lo/Dx and more. Max. power 6 
watts per channel. 
List $109.- On Sale: $79.15 

Over 50 Car Stereos to pick from 
DIS_AI Auto SOUnd 
,., ....... PI ••••••• ~ 

............ 0 •••• 

,...., ... ....,." 20. 1171 

menl, were fond of saying they Revelle Plaza or jn front of the Gym 
represented only themselves." and decide to prea a demand. the 

Now you see, Mr. Stadler, if all admjnjstration and the 1'1' may be 
studen t8 a re au toma tica lly in a politi on to claim the assembly 
members of the Student Coopera- is not "representative." Neverthe 
tive Union, and all members can go less. these assemblies will occur 
to the general assemblies and cast from time to time. And neverthe 
a direct vote on any polley of less, growing numbers of people 
the organization, then isn't it will see that the least representa 
logical for "members" to say they tive" decisionmakers aHecting our 
are " representing" themselves? lives are preCisely the Regents and 
The only thing more " representa- boards of directors and generals 
tive" abouttheAssociatedStudents running the country . And Mr, 
is the fact that a mere handful of Stadler, have you ever heard tha 
" representatives" do ali the voting the U.S. was not fighting for 
on the organization 's business , "democracy" in Vietnam and that 
while the thousands or " members" the University of California has 
or the Associated Students are free more to do with th.e Pentag?n and 
only to vote on the chOIce or the Bank of Amenca than It does 
"representatives" each year. with Reason? 

The next time several hundred or MONTGOMERY R~ED 
housa_nd people assemble on 

.' . 

OPENING SAT. JAN. 21st 

A NEW WORLD OF 
SOUND and SERVICE 
at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 

entry street to La Jolla Village Inn 
NEW' WORLD RECORD CO. 

FOR THE FINEST COLLECTIONS OF 
CLASSICAL, JAZZ and POP 

Com lete PHONO and TAPE de t. 
BRING THIS AD - SAVE 50C 

FF R L W PHI E I 
Store Hours - Open 7 Days 

Daily 10 to 9:30 p.m. Sunday 11 to 6 p.m. 
NEW WORLD RECORD CO. 

3211 Holiday Court 
La Jolla Phone 455-5580 

presented In cooperation wit" Interca.pus ~ultural [xc ...... 
WATCH FOR Discount!!! 
CARMEN MIRANDA, 5k Student. 
FREE COKE and a chance S ........ cuhy" Staft' 
to win FREE TICKETS!! with this Ad 

. 

• 
• 


