
s 

e 
r 

11 

e 

" 

Volume 33. Number 23 UC San Dit-go Frfday, March 3,1978 

Hunt urges end to interns 
veSA says campus program should IOS8 funding 

by Mark S&adler 
Sealer EdI&Or 

Acting Vice-cbancellor of 
Student Affairs Howard Hunt 
has recommended that the 
Administrative Intern Pro-
gram - now renamed the 
Campus Intern Program - be 
discontinued next school year. 

handbook. 
Neither Schneider, Harris 

' nor Leifer is happy with the 
proposed deletion of the intern 
program. "It just goes to show 
you that no matter how hard 
you fight, the Student Affairs 
administrators pull the strings. 
They see any attempt to build 
up the AS and student represen-
tation like the intern program 
just as a threat to the control 
they've enjoyed for a long 
time." 

Leifer said no Student Affairs 
administrator supported the 
intern program. "No adminis-
trator stood up and put 
pressure on the Vice-chancellor 
(Hunt) for this program 
because it's not a priority item 
for them . Instead it's a 
program totally for students, to 
teach them about the adminis-
trative structure." 

Schneider said Whitehill ' s 
assertion that no Student 

(Continued on page 8) 

Volk considers 
legal recourse 

UCSD basketball player badly 
Injured from punch In game 

by Steve Gould 
Sports Editor 

UCSD Athletic Director Judy Sweet will meet this afternoon 
with University of California legal counselors to decide what 
recourse Triton basketball player Peter Volk should take as a 
result of a punch thrown in last Saturday night's game, the Triton 
Times has learned. 

According to Sweet, Volk intends to file criminal charges 
against Azusa Pacific College's Mike Berry, who struck Volk in 
the face during an NAIA District Three Southern Division contest 
in the UCSD Gymnasium. "Since Peter might have permanent 
physical damage, he needs to protect himself. If he (Volk) had 
bounced back in let's say three days, the matter would have been 
dropped," stated Sweet. 

After being knocked down attempting to draw a foul , Berry, a 
6'7" senior from Costa Mesa , ran to midcourt where he 
subsequently hit Yolk just below the right eye with his fist. 

Yolk was taken to Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla via 
ambulance, treated for a fractured cheekbone and received ten 
stitches above his right eye and along his nose . Further 
examination earlier this week by Scripps doctors has revealed 
Yolk must visit a specialist for possible surgery on his cheekbone 
and nerve damage to his right eye , which is still completely 
swollen shut. 

Yolk also plans on filing a legal suit against Berry for the 

Hunt made his recommenda-
tion, through Associate V ice-
chancellor of Student Affairs 
Rick Whitehill, to the Advisory 
Committee on Student Fee 
Programs, which is hearing 
budget requests and recom-
mendations. 

physical dama sustained. 

~ Triton basketball coach Barry Cunningham said, " Both 
players were bumping each 
other and Volk was trying to 
defense Berry. We work on 
this defense (denying the 
opposing player to get at the 

The intern program sbould 
lose its funding because no one 
in Hunt's office can spare time 
to coordinate it, Whitehill told 
the advisory committee. 

, ball handler) in practice. It 
shouldn 't have led .to a fight. " 

"Won't tolerate it" 
In addition to potential 

criminal charges, Berry has 
been suspended for the 
remainder of the season by his 
coach, Cliff Hamlow. Azusa, by 
winning the game (the regular 
season finale for both schools) 
91-71, qualified for a berth in the 
NAIA District Three playoffs. 

Despite the fact Berry was 
the Cougar's starting center for 

The program, which places 
students in several administra-
tive offices, became a cause for 
some students earlier this year 
because it had not yet been 
implemented by Student 
Affairs. After fonner intern 
Andy Schneider, AS President 
Jeff Leifer and advisory 
committee student co-chair 
Marsha Harris met with Hunt 
and Chancellor McElroy, Hunt 
said the program would be 
started up (Triton Times, Feb. 
1) . OUT OF COMMISSION - UCSD ............. t. Tnt ........... ~.r Pet ... Volll most of the season, averaging 

Five inlens ...... t., ..................... t.ce.V ............. c: .. J .' ............... 01 ~.2 pointsHand l6.6 re~d '~I~inll Since then, Student Affairs tM iaeW-t. ", games. am ow sat, WI 
has announced that five interns (Please turn to page 5) 

E~:7:~t€l{~:!' Del Mar votes on low-cost housing 
Maria Del Drago will supervise A measure seeking Del Mar the general municipal election "Housing in Del Mar has Each of these plans has 
the program. residents' opinions on four on March 7. become nicer and more individually 'a potentially 

Oneinternapiecewillworkin methods by which low or The results of the vote will not expensive in recent years," smallimpact~ntheproblemof 
the physical education depart- moderate income housing be binding to the City Council; said Tom Shepard University creating low or moderate cost 
ment, student organizations, opportunities can be imple- the purpose ofthe vote is simply . Extension Programs Coordina- housing for Del Mar residents . 
the Business Office, Disabled mented in the Del Mar com- to advise the council of Del ' tor and a proponent of the ballot Only about ten lower cost units 
Student Services and on the AS munity will be on the ballot for Mar residents' preferences. measure . "Elderly people , result from each measure. 

"Roots of HumanitYJym-p-osium 
Strum: Stalking baboons-insights 

by Alan Runell -
Editor 

Dr. Shirley Strum, UCSD Anthropology 
Professor, believes that one measure of her 
success as a physical anthropologist is that, 
co People don't remember me - they 
remember my (studies 00 baboons." 

Toward this end Strum has taken pains to 
play down the romantic aspects of ber work, 
that of the comely young woman striking out 
into the wilds, and has instead concentrated 
on the field studies, and the ramifications 
thereof, themself. 

That Strum, and her work, seem to have 
been recognized by the "outside ' world", 
might be seen by her inclusion as ODe of five 
eminent speakers lecturing in tomorrow's 
one day symposium entitled "The Roots of 
Humanity." 

The symposium, beld at the Town and 
Country Convention Center, will delve into 
man'l pa.t and future, and features the 
lectures of Dr. Carl Sagan, Director of the 
Laboratory for Planetary Studle., Dr. Mary 
Leakey, wbo alona with her bUibaDd Dr. 
Louis Leakey, discovered human bone 
fragments In East Africa that hal influenced 
man'l knowledge of evolutionary hi.tory, Dr. 
Bernard Campbell, a noted anthropologist, 
well-known Plychiatrilt Dr. David Hamburg, 
and Strum. 

SPODlOred in part by UCSD ExteDlion, the 
coune COIta. (SZS for students) and carrie. 
one unit of exteDlion credit. 

Strum'l studiel of baboons, centered in the 
Central Rift Valley of Kenya, .... IJNlnned 
three yean out of tile palt five, and three 

separate periods of study. During this time 
Strum documented hunting patterns in 
baboons. 

Though predatory behavior had previously 
been witnessed in baboons, the notion - the 
very development of systematic hunting 
patters in baboons, was seen as "revolution-
ary" is many aspects. 

Strum witnessed, among other things, 
baboons "cooperating" in hunting prey. 
Graduating from a stage where individual 
males would chase a prey in any direction, 
sbe saw baboons begin to chase the prey 
toward other baboons. This development of 
hunting patterns in baboons was " very 
surprising", as it was thought that only 
chimps (who are seen as being "close" to 
humans - with all other animals "far down 
the line") and bumans displayed such traits. 

The new hunting patterns were also seen to 
develop and promote other fonns of troop 
bebavior, Including increased communica-
tion and even the sharing of food. These and 
other developments occurred over a rapid 
period - aimilar to the kind of change. some 
hypothe.ize in human development. 

Though she is an opponent of wbat she 
terms "the simple minded notion of a model" 
(.ucb as using a baboon model to completely 
explain buman behavior) t~trum nonetheless 
leeS the usefulness of lOOKIng at non-human 
primate grouPi (as welJ al other animal 
,roup.) to give inligbt. into human 
development and behavior - as long as it's 
done within what she leeS as "reasonable" 
limits. 

(Condnued on page 8) 

young families and students However, Shepard stressed 
are being squeezed out. The that, "The question is not 
community members have an whether Del Mar residents 
ethical obiligation to develop want low cost housing. We have 
housing, to retain the diversity no choice about that. The 
of people in Del Mar." question is finding the most 

NO.t only is .this ~b~ligation sensible way of doing it." 
conslde~ e.thlcal; ~t IS ~lso a Arguments against each of 
legal. obligatIOn. California law the individual plans have been 
requires that De.l Mar make an made. The first plan involves 
effo~t to provld~ . adequate an environmental impact as a 
housmg OpportuDitles f~r all result of the building it would 
segments of the comrnuDity. allow. The second plan, since it 

Four m.elbods proposed would not be a law (as would the 
A comml.ttee was created to first plan) , would require the 

fonnulat.e Ide~s on how to go constant efforts of the city to 
about domg thiS. Four methods earmark money for it . The 
have ~n proposed fo,r voters third and fourth plans may be 
to conSider. They entaIl: unfeasable if federal and state 

-changing zoning ordi - money is not available in the 
nances to allow developers or future . 
property owners to build up to Several citizens of Del Mar, 
20 percent more than the including Kaye, Shepard and 
presently allowable floor area City Council incumbents John 
to lot area ratio (this plan was Weare and Nancy Hoover, have 
developed by UCSD student organized to support all four 
Loren Ka.y~); ... s u g g est ion s, des pit e the 

-provldlDg subSidizatIon , individual weaknesses of each 
using state and federal funds , to one. 
renters and owners for the Said Shepard, " People who 
difference between tbe fair are philosophically committed 
market rent and the actual Del to moderate cost housing 
Mar rent; sbould vote yes on all four. The 

-making the city of Del Mar City Council needs as much 
into a land developer, having it flexibility as they can get to 
buy land with state and federal develop a plan that will do any 
funds and then selling the land good. " 
to developers who would Since the vote is only 
construct low or moderate advisory, public hearings will 
income bousing; and let in future-eoncerning 

-using federal and state the council's attempts to 
funds to purchase existing consolidate whatever plans are 
housing units, wbich the city approved. The filJal plan that is 
would then rent at low or approved by the COUa"lCil may 
moderate rates. then be on a future ballot. 



',*" ..... a, 1171 

M rk Stadler ~~r~----~--~~-----.~----.-----~~ H..,,,, 1: ....+o(~ ~""'''' QI.:1'~ ,t ... ,#-, 
dvice and comment -

ndIo broadcut of tile Senate's Pamama -Canal treaty 
_ ... been very iDatnJctive for me ill one reapect. While 

to It I cIiIcovered that aU the tbiql I read about in 
acleDce texts about decorum on the Senate Door II true. 

A one u.teDiq to the debate, who didn't know anything elae 
a Wublqtoa, would swear every Senator II the belt of 
bu<IdIea with ilia feUow 8OlonI. Each Senator seems to addreu his 
fellowl witb the utmost respect aDd courtesy - to the point of 
DlllIea. They are aU cIiatinpIahed and bonored, "my very ,ood 
friend from the ll'eat state of whatever." 

( .. . -
, 
l .. _ 

Commentary 

1ht. m,II'W_r 6,urno,l ~I)t,{~ .. . 

. , t .... 

Juat once, I'd like to bear IOmeone Uke Frank Church, D-Idaho, 
an ardent treaty supporter, tell Robert Dole, R-Kanaas, a treaty 
opponent, "Your assertion, frankly, is bullshit." 

Another part of the canal debate that is very interesting is the 
amount of time Individual senators spend playing to their 
constituents back bome. A debate on pne portion of the treaty 
between Mike Gravel, D-Alaska, and Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, was 
waylaid for several minutes last wee~ when both Senators started 
praising residents of their state. \Ira vel, for lOme unknown 
realOn, started talking about bow courageous, thrift bold aDd 
forthrigllt aU Alaskans were. Not to be outdone, Hatch used the 
same adjectives to describe Utahans. 

Why television talk 'is cheap 
by Ted Barke 

ContributiD, Editor 

You'd bave sworn all Alaskans and Utahans were boy scouts and 
girl scouts. 

The art of real conversation, 
that of two or more people 
engaging in a discourse in 
which ideas are exchanged, 
debated or created anew is one 
of the things missing from the ••••• 

A sanitizin, process seems to be taking place these days, not tUbe. even from the talk shows. 
unlike that which occured at the turn of the century. Just as the Talk shows as they exist are 
powerful industrialists and robber barons of the past sought to little more than vehicles in 
make themselves look socially acceptable through philanthropy, which a coterie of old hat celebs 
several minions of the contemporary pornography business are - Zsa Zsa Gabor, Van Johnaon, 
attemptin, the same thine. Alan King, Bob Hope - come 

Wbile they were making their fortunes, the American fiDincial on to keep themselves in the 
barons like Rockefeller and Carnelie didn't really care what the public eye lest members of the 
public thougbt of them. The profit msl'lln wsa all importapt to audience assume them dead. 
them. But, after they amused their huee fortunes, such men for new and patently unfunny 
turned to educatiODlI and humanitarian foundations and charity, comics to come on and share 
in an effort to launder their money, to make themselves look their unexceptional neurosis 
human. (piss poor sex lives, usually), or 

Similarly. today's porno barons don't really care what anyone tell nagrant Ues about their 
thinks of them, as long as enough people keep buying their childhoOd ("My neighborhood 
products. Just recently, though, several of these entrepreneurs was so tough, we used to play 
have started attempts to send their profits through the washing 'Spin the PoliCeman"') , or for 
machine. authors coming on to hype do 

Larry Flynt, of HusUer, has offered money to charity, bought nothing novels, medically 
the Los Angeles Free Press and is apparently planning to tum his d d' be 
raunchy magazine into a Jesus~' oumal (although I won't \)elieve unaoun lets, or tter-your-

I . Th M' h II th ki fth fIi k self-image books by quack that until .see It) . e ItC e . ro ers, ngs o. e porno .c , psychiatrists (like Duane 
have recently an~unced the,y wlll tu~ one of their S~n FranCISCo Dyer) who mouth folk know-

po~o theatr~s mto a str!llght movie house. It ~1I1 showcase ledge and truisms as though 
foreign classICS and expenmental shorts by local filmmakers . . 

Just think - in a few years starving artists may be able to apply ~ey were .the most astoundmg 
for a grant from the Flynt Foundation for the Arts. . ms~ghts smce Freud o~ R.D . 

..... Lamg. As structured 10 the 
Last Saturday night, there was a scheduling conflict on campus mass market, talk shows are no 

which serves as a good example o( a bad problem the Talent Show more than I?latforms for people 
. ' . either sellmg themselves or 

was somehow scheduled. for the same ru~~t a~ the fmal basketball their wares, which sometimes 
game of the ~ason, wblch was also SPlnt Night II. are inseparable 

~hy did this happen? Because while there is a prol~ferati~n of The role of the host is to 
offices that.progra~ entertainl1,lent on camp~s, there IS no su~gle orchestrate the topics to be 
~rrespondl~g office to _coordin.ate entertamment scheduling . discussed (a new film or book to 
Time after time, several mterestmg events, that wou~d norm~lly be plugged, banal chatter about 
attract the same crowd. have been set for the same time penod . . how Charo had difficulty telling 

"I:he boffo lAst Saturday was symptomatic of this naw. The a used car dealer what she 
Talent Show ana DasKetDaU game were attractive to Daslcally tne wanted because of her frac-
same people, a demonstrated by the number of Talent Show t d E r h b 'd 
attendants who showed up at the game after the show was over .. ure ng IS , t e. resl ent 

A central scheduling board makes so much sense it's almost Intellec.tual eX':ld~ng mo~e 
funny that it doesn't exist. It would be (unny, that is, if it weren ' t pers.onahty than mSlght while 
such a serious and easily-remedied problem. There are enough talkmg about something In the 
bureaucrats around this campus, especially in Student Affairs, realm ?f the ep~e~eral, like 
with more than enough time on their hands, who could do the job. <?ore ,vIdal explammg ~hy he 

.-,===---==--:---:,........,.....-___________ -.:-..:.._--. hves m Rome and bow It'S an 
The Triton Tim .. iapublished by UCSD ltudenlsas.n oHlclal.tt)(jeritn~per:- ironic vantage point from 

Publlcetion i. on Mondays. Wedn .. lhlys and Fridays during tt141 regular IChOol y .. r· which to watch the" American 
(except on official holidays). Editorial and bulinaa oHic ... relocated In the Student Empire" go down the tubes) 
Center It the Unlveraity of California. Sen Diego. For editOrial. call "52-34841: for and make the whole thing bu.ln .... nd dlaplay advertising. call "52-34&. 

Letters to the edltorand opinion columnurewelcomed. Alisubmlaalofna shOuld be spontaneous. In actual fact,. 
typed and double-.paced on e .space line. They should not exceed 1''; pages In there is as much s~ntaneity as 
length. . . a McDonald's waiting line . 

Submitted material mUlt bear the name and atudent Identification number of the The biggest offender in the 
author. Nam" cen bewlttlheldfrom publication on requ"t: however. tt141nameewill be defoliation of talk is Johnny 
"eld on file for pubtlc inspection. 

Tne Triton Times noserv .. tt141 rlghttoedlt submlaaions becau .. otapace limitationl Carson. Carson, seated behind 
or style requirements. . his desk like an icon that his 

) - entire eontenll copyrlght19781he Triton Tim". . eoests, whether Hope, Billy .....:. ~. Graham or Sinatra. come to 

tritonti 
Volume 33, Number 23 UCSuDleao 

Alan Russell 
Editor 

Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor 

Laura RicNfllr 
New. Editor 
Reed Alpert 

AMOCI.t. New. Editor 
I 

Andy Schneider 
"'.ocI.I. New. Editor 

Tim Mackenzie 
Art. Editor 

Ran Anbar 
M.n.glng Edllor 
Cindy Heffron 

".-'lI.nr Mln.glng Edllor 
Kitty Robinson 

Copy Editor 
Richard Yocom 

Photo Editor 
Steve Gould 
Sport. Editor 

Shauna Stokes 
Advertl.'ng M.n'Oftr 

TIle Triton Times .• UCSD .'uclent orgaOlzatlOn. "!dven olliee JpaC. by 
the Assoc .. ted Student. of UCSD. 

Frldliy. March 3. 11" 

ShiH Wrtt.,. 
Mike Allen 
Jill Bazeley 
Joaquin Behlndu 
Ken Beaumonde 
Ted Burke 
Marc Garren 
Bob Halstead 
John Hondros 
Karen Hunter 
eric Jaye 
Kathy McCartney 
Debbie Schwartz 
Mikel Toombs 
Lynn Zelochowski 

lIIultrators 
Jody Eurman 
Charles O'Sullivan 
Stephen Skubinna 

Photographers 
Frank Guzza 
Stan Honda 

Production 
Denise Peek 
Judy Walton 
Paul Watry 

Ad Satel Rep 
Harry Tolen 

Office Manager 
Lynn StaHa 

Dtltrlbulon 
Tim Kams 
Michael Russo 
Triton T,m .. luble,ib .. 
to f'acllic ~wa ServIce 

pay homa,e to, is an upti,ht, 
nervous gent who likes to keep 
his distance from those seated 
on his left, and who is at liberty 
to insert a funny story in any 
lull in the conversation. He 
prefers guests he's comfortable 
with, guests who obey all the 
sanctions of the Tonillla Sbow 
decorum: be interesting, but 
not profound; be funny, but 
don't upsta,e Johnny; and 
follow the conversational bread 
crumbs that Carson drops. 
Carson frequently refers to 
staff notes for the questions, 
asks very feneral questions 
that read I ke one of those 
II Most Asked Questions" 
government pamphlets, and 
when he knows something 
about the topic, such as 
astronomy whenever he 
interviews Carl Sagan, he'll 
rephrase an answer or delve 
into a tangent that has little to 
do with anything ("Tell us 
about black holes and quarks, 
Carl. ") The patter is very light , 
the humor obvious, being a 
little more than slicker 
variations of cocktail party 
wise guyism. 

More annoying than Carson 
is Merv Griffin, who's goal in 
life is to let the world know how 
many famous people he's 
acquainted with . Griffin 
comes on like an explosion 
waiting to happen, bobs up and 
down like a little boy who's 
watched his sister get un-
dressed through a keyhole, and 
relays jokes that lead nowhere. 
With guests, especially those 
who are telling stories of the old 
days and how they were 
involved with a Show Biz 
Legend, one can depend on 
Griffith to break in with a long 
reminiscence about how he 
came within five feet of the 
same person, including every 
pointless detail. Griffin seema 
to use hiS show in order to seU 
himself, and sadly, millions 
line up for the product thou,h 
it's obviously a rank slice of self 
gratifying bile. 

Phil Donnahue fares a little 
better inasmuch as he demons-
trates a real interest in the 
subjects, which are television's 
quintessiential method for 
handling "controversial" 
topics. He loses points however, 
because he relinquisbes the 
interviewer'S duty to ask 
questions no one else would ask 
by opening up phone lines to 
audience members who ask, 
usually, gratuitous inquiries. 
Donnahue as well seems more 
fitted to the role of peace-
maker, since the one lhing he 
seems really good at is re-
phrasing someone's potentially 
provocative point or question 
into a bland, liberal, bleeding 
heart rhetoric that defuses the 
content . This leaves his 
audience with the impression 
that the iasue at hand is really a 
matter of pOlite, palatable 
words . Hubert Humphrey 
COUldn't have done better. 

Tom Synder of the Tomorrow 
Show is admirable for his 
breaking all the talk show 
rules. He never uses notes, 
preferrin, instead to win, ' an 
interview, and he refuses to 
plu, books or films . 

Synder , however , Is an 
arro,ant aubole with more 
chubpab than lubatance. After 

... ---------__________________________ ..1 he announces who his guests 

are at the show's outset, he 
segues, or jumps rather' into a 
story of something that 
happened that day to bim, and 
like Griffin gives every IOwhat 
incident, and at the end gives a 
big bro-ha-ha laugh that the off 
camera crew Joins in like a 
chorus of unseen Ed Mc-
Mahons. Snyder, as well, is in 
his best form when he has a 
guest he can treat like a 
drinking buddy, with the two of 
them exchanging shop talk 
amid self-satisfied chuckles 
and Snyder's constant cloud of 
cigarette smoke. With more 
serious guests, Snyder is more 
tactful, but still employs his 
improvisatory leeway to the 
max. as evidenced by his 
frequent insertion of off the 
wall questions, his insensitive 
jocularity, and his obsession of 
not letting his more intelligent 
guests develop an idea so 
complex that it can't be 
sandwitched between com-
mercial breaks. In general , one 
gets the idea that Snyder is out 
to prove that a news room 
veteran can have as much 
personality as any other celeb . 

David Frost has little going 
against him. When involved ith 
a show biz extravaganza, he 
plays to the level it's aimed at, 
while still maintaining a 
dignity (he'll never take a pie in 
the face), and wifh the 
weightier matters, he rises to 
the task. His recent Nixon 
interviews prove this, in which 
he did a hard hitting session as 
penetrating as anyone could do, 
including Mike Wallace. Frost 
is the man for all seasons . 
Though not particularly 
charismatic, he does the job to 
the best of his ability . The lack 
of personal magnetism, 
perhaps is the very thing that 
makes him a bearable com-
modity. 

Finally, Dick Cavett, the 
heartthrob of those who think 
that the fine arts ou,ht to be 
subsidized by the Federal 
Government, should get kudos 
for keeping honest conversa-
tion alive in a medium geared 
towards "cool" personalities 
and "cool", easily di,estable 
tripe. His PBS show, a half hour 
five nights a week at eleven, 
has the better writers , play-
wrights , actors, artists, 
scientists and other top notch 
intellectual talent on board, 
and Cavett conducts his 
interviews with an uncommon 
intelligence and wit. 

The Cavett show, thouih, is a 
blatantly elitist affair, exuding 
an attitude of briqing "cul-
ture" to the masses, seemio, as 
though Cavett and crew were 
doing them a long overdue 
favor . While one has to admit 
that Cavett brin,s people to the 
tube who wouldn't normally be 
accorded tbe lpace, the context 
of the show - PBS, a station, as 
the stigma ,oes, watched only 
by people who koow that Henry 
.tames was a writer, oot a 
trumpet player - places the 
pro,ram 10 thin atmOlphere, a 
space accorded to the overly 
bright where they can play 
learned parlor ,ames and 
pretend the rest of the world 
does not exist. 

Though Cavett and PBS can't 
be blamed for thl. - the 
economic venue. dictate that 
the elitist attitude must be 

(Please lum lo paKe 1) 

frldlf, IIerch 3. 1171 triton times 

ETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
... 

Gov't can protect little man 
Editor. 

In reply to Troy Carter's letter in 
the Feb. 22 issue of the Triton 
Times. we wish to specifically 
address his discussion of a,ricul-
tural mechanization. He lUI,esta 
that the DeW ... tea.... calls for a 
stop to farm mechanization wben it 
actually It (sic) merely advocates a 
moratorium on further research 
until the social impact of this 
research is clear. Pro,ress for 
prOireA' aake hal never been a 
liberal Ideal. Pro,ress is only 
meaningful when the benefits can 
be reaped by all, not only the power 
elite. A moratorium on mechaniza-
tion research would do exactly this: 
guarantee that everyone'siDterelts 
at least be considered. 

Mr. Carter's claim that food 
prices will '0 down due to 
mechaniutioD is surprisin,ly 
naive. for he falls to reco,nize the 

true power of monopolies. Once 
food production is in the hands of a 
few. prices will rille as has already 
happened with tomatoes. Since this 
industry was mechanized, the price 
of a can of tomatoes shot up III 
perceDt while the price of all non-
mechanized fruita and ve,etables 
rose oniy 76 percent. 

Not only will price. ,0 uP. but 10. 
too. will unemployment, due to the 
hl'h displacement of farmworkers. 
If mechanization continues to he 
Implemented al ita prellent rate. 
unemployment iD California will 
rise 1.2 percent by INS. Conse· 
quently. the taxpayer must finance 
Increased social services, such as 
welfare and law enforcement . 
which always accompanies 
unemployment. So, even if the 
consumer could enjoy lower food 
prices as a result of mechanization. 
he or she would still be supplying 

TT .ad is "grotesque" 
Editor: 

Recently, several letters have been written protesUng certain ads as 
"offensive" becauae these ads have been placed by allegedly violent 
or,anizations (CIA and the Navy) . I (eel there is a far ,reater violence 
.bein, perpetrated; the assault upon the moral standards of the country, 
IDclucllng the prevalence of ads usine IleX as a selling point, is far more 
"offensive" In my mind. For althoueh a ,roup may kill thousands of 
people, that people can and will persist as long as they have their minds 
free of shackles. I am speaking of an assault upon our miDd., a scheme to 
bend and corrupt the true and pure morals and ideals which are natural in 
all mankind. 

~n this spirit, I feel that the Yoturt Affair ad appearln, in the 2/22/71 
Tnton Tlmea qn pale' is "offensive", beinl an ad catertne to purient 
interelt, and sa such is an Instrument of mind corruption. This "ad" 
deplcu an uprtaht partlalJy unpeeled banana. menacely hoverinl over two 
cups of YOlOrt IWirJt. Tbese mounds of yogurt are obvious symholJc 

~epicUons of a certain rqiOll of female anatomy. As if thlI JI'Otesque 
una,e were not eDOUIb, the tip of the banana points to the word "affair" . 

Now altbou&b I realise that the TT out of economic necellity must seek 
out revenues wherever It can. runnina this type of depravity i. indeed 
"offensive", aDd not only Ia It a,alnst tfie student interest. it Is against the 
nationallnterut! 

DAVID WILLIAMS 

In 48 hours you can learn to use 
your mind to do anything you 
wish. 11 has been said that Einstein uted only lD%ofhiJ mind. and the 
general public: uteS only about J% or 4%. And that', what Silva Mind Control 
"all about: larnina to use more of your mind. There is no limit to how far you 
can 10; there i. 110 limit to what you c:en do, bec:aute there it no limit to the 
power of your mind. Students report . • imple Ihin .. Ii .... learn ina to SlOp 
>mokina. to fall asleep without drup and ....... c up withoul c1ockl. to relieve 
" .. vow nest. to SlOp exeea.ive drink ina. to memorize lonllitllandlo improve 
creativily - to llIe more sophitticated Ihinlllikc Jearninlto ckvelop ESP and 
to use dreams 10 solve problem. and to Jet information. 

();oer 1.000.100 people .1I_nlle world have taken Silva Mind Control. and 
'0 can yOll. To find out how. we 
in\lte you to a free seminar. But a Silva Mind 
word of c:eution: itMll:han .. your C I® 
hfe. ontro 
Free lectures on March' and 7 

• p .... Mission B .• y Dr. 
For inforRtatlon cau 197"7~ 

agribusiness with its profit in the 
lonl-run. 

It is easy to see that those with the 
Ireatest political and economic 
power will always have their 
interests at least considered. if not 
,uaranteed, but who will protect 
those not so powerful? We argue 
that only the government can 
protect our democratic ideals. for 
the free market tends to ignore 
those who are weak. Indeed. the 
,overnment can be a positive force 
in guaranteeing "c ivic and 
economic liberties ". and not 
necessarily a stepping stone to their 
demise . 

VICKI LlFFREING 
KERRY MURRAY 

Abortion 
discussion 
Editor: 

Since it surfaced as a campus 
issue at UCSD . I have closely 
followed the letters . editorials. 
cartoons . and news coverage in the 
Triton Times surrounding the 
abortion controversy. 

Over the months I have sensed 
that th e ideal upon which a 
university should be based. that is a 
decision making process involving 
open-minded scholarship . has 
somewhere been trampled upon by 
vehement pro and anti-abortionists 
shouting invectives at one another. 
The heart of the issue, the lives of 
human beings. both father . mother 
and child is what we must focus on 
and not fashionable idealistic 
conjecture. 

The issue is of such importance 
that all of us should be fully aware 
of both sides of it. Consequently, I 
would encourage each individual to 
take advantage of a,1 information 
sources to assist them in making a 
well-founded and intelligent 
personal opinion . 

On Wednesday, March. at 7: 30 
pm in USB 2622 the UCSD Human 
Life Committee will sponsor a 
Discussion of the Medical . Legal , 
and Ethical Aspecta of Abortion 
featuring Burton Shamsky -
Attorney . Fran Schroedl - San 
Diego Pro Life Lecturer. and Joan 
Patton - Registration Fee Trustee. 

Regardless of your current 
poSition. or lack of one. plan to 
attend and listen . think. question 
and decide. . 

SUSAN J. GAGNER 

Jewish Campus Centers 
of San Diego 

Join in celebrating Ihe 
Dedicalion of our new house 

Sunday, March 5, 1978 12:30 p.m. 
Brunch and Open House 12:00-2:00 p.m. 

affilialed with: 
United Jewish Federalion of San Diego 

B'nai Brilh Hillel Foundations 
5742 Montezuma Road 583-6080 

fi Jan Kadar film 
about one family's 
joys and sorrows 
and a love all 
families will want 
to share. 

Children believe 
inmirac/es 

Grand/alhers make tJzem 
comelnle 

odllf' 
ZiC ~ StartingYossi Yadin with Len Binnan. ~ Morily, Lioh ...... ,Jo;re" Lynn 

7:30 pm ............. rI~ -JIj r .. ~.,. 
SllIItIIw. Marc. 5 

US1I2722 
Admiuio. '1.25 



biton times Pege5 

Large 
Moving 
Sale 

Beagle Bongers on top UCSD Ca 
After five weeD of play, the Deep Toe, the Holy MotUea by toug h 

plagued 
edule V-ball drops 'match to powerful SDSU once defeated Beqle BoDIe'" remained tbe number one team 

top this week', men', intra- in 1M AA play. Runner-up PBJ 
muralllOCCer ratinU. Alt.bouP On Toast closed out their 
idle last week, tM Bonce'" season in a first place tie witb 
maintained tbeir top spot fourth rated Rocky Mountain 
despite second seeded Kilman- Oysters. The Men's AA poll : jaro International FIC wiDDiDC 1) Holy Motlies (4-0) 
twice (4-0 over GGGC and 4-1 2) PBJ On Toast (4-0-1) 
alainst tbe Dlablol) . The 3) BHY (3-0) 
soccer ranltinp tbia week: . 4) Rocky Mountain Oysters 

(4-0-1) 

G."eat savings on a 
selection of beaut.., 
products. 

larg6 
care 

1M Soccer 
Men's AAA 

1) Beagle Bongers (":1) S) Open Minds (2-1) 
2) Kilmanjaro Int'I FIC (3-2) 

La Jolla 
Beauty Supply 

for all your beauty needs 

Mon-Sat. 9:~5:00 
459-0556 

705 Pearl St. 
La Jolla 

good 

We're the Coast 
Guard. 

We may be small 
(about 37,000 strong) 
but our jobs are some 
of the most important ones in the country. 

As you probably know, we're in the business 
of saving lives and property. 

But we're ~Iso charged with protecting our 
coastlines, our Great Lakes, our waterways. 
Regulating the new 200-mile fishery conservation 
lone. Intercepting narcotics trafficking. Monitor-
ing the vessels that come and go at all of our 
major ports. 

Big jobs. Requiring top people. 
That's why we need good, qualified, ambi-

tious rTlf"n-and women. 
Put,ow I.chelor's Degle. to wort. 

We're especially interested if you have a 
technical degree-in engineering, science, mathe-
matics, or computers. We've got the work that 
takes your special talents and skills. 

Once you finish officer's candidate school-
18 weeks in Yorktown, Virginia - we'll give you a 
job with responsibility. You work with the most 

3) Lucky (2-2) 
4) GGGC (2-2) 
5) Diablos (2-3) 

Men's AA 
By virtue of a 1-0 win over 

Graduate Student CoIIneU 
announces 

Winter Madness Party! 
........ 

filii, driIIIIs, IIIIISic 

SIIunIIy, .. ch 4 8 pm 
AI SIII1INII$CrWI ......... J 

Coed AAA 
In Coed AAA play, the top 

rated Hot Shots play second 
ranked Pegasus for the 
championship this Sunday . 
Contact the 1M office at 452-4037 
for time and place of the game 
in your area . There will be no 
local television broadcast. The 
AAA ratings: 

1) Hot Shots (2-0-1) 
2) Pegasus (2-1-1) 
3) Talking Heads (1-0-2) 
4) Pohono (1-1-1) 
5) Pink Steel (1-H) 
The Mighty Motlies won the 

AA Division with a 4-0 over 
Dankins and finished their 
season with a perfect 3-0 
record. 

advanced equipment 
and technology 
known. It's good 
work, good surround-
ings, with men and 

women of your talent and abilities. 
1he benefits. And the .awards. 

A starting salary of over $10,000 that can 
increase by over 40% in your first three years with 
normal promotion and seniority raises. 

Free medical and dental care. A quarters 
allowance. 

Tuition assistance for off-duty education. 
Thirty days of paid vacation a year. 
And a generous retirement plan for those who 

make the Coast Guard a career. 
Plus the reward of performing in an organiza-

tion that is considered the very best in the nation. 

Howto...." 
See your college placement office, or call 

800-424-8883 toll free for more information. 
The Coast Guard needs officers. What other 

company will make you an officer and give you 
a job fitting your title after 18 weeks? 

Our reprnentaUn will 
be here 3/17/78 Coast QC.s. 

In summiDi up his team's the Im-78 season, UCSD varsity 
basketball coach phrase from ex-Marquette coach 
AI McQuire: "Our u'"'atJ,eaIlIJDg tbe Tritons' 27 game slate 
extremely difficult, almost I!IUICIU.<l1. 

UCSD's scbedule would toughest NAIA squad fits . In late 
November, the Tritons hosted I regional host Cal Slate Northridge 

(~ in 77-78) . In December it ne of the tough PCAA , Far West 
conference champion and NCAA UC Davis and Westmont, 
ranked 18th in the preseason January, it was Texas Christian 
of the Southwest Conference, UC CCAA and conference play hadn't 
even begun. In February, UCSD (20-6 and in the NCAA Western 
Regional) and Chapman College in the NCAA Division II Mideast 
Regional) . 

The list goes on. 

Despite the tough schedule and 
play) overall record, CUlllnJingtlam 
defense. "Our execution wasn 't 
everyone was scoring 90 points 

Although the Tritons fell far short 
from the previous season. And 
Cunningham saw many of his 
vastly. 

riel Three Southern Division 
disappointed in his team 's 

rds the end of the season, almost 
was embarrassing." 

they did double their win total 
players returning next season, 

greatly and their abilities improve 

" From a coaching standpoint, Ollr IoII,Dr 
doesn 't show in the stats. He took the.entage 
boards and put out 110 percent all 
Frazier led the team in rebounding 
per game. When the team 's 1,,~,rl;r.ft"'L~ 
injury, Frazier was called on to 
play all forty minutes, someti D_ ... " ___ _ 

From a statistical :n.<lUU."'UIL, Brockett topped UCSD in 77-78. 
Bradley, a 6'0" senior from Sc()ttslbllkma " V<'rj:l ,~.,.iI 11 .3 points per game, 
shot a team high 81 percent led the team in assists, 
including a season high eight aga ngham noted , ., Bart played 
well at the end of the season, games." 

Brockett. a S'6" junior from team in scoring at 16 points per 
game, pulled down 6.1 rebounds m in various other department~ 
(shooting percentage: 53 percent, in one game: 25 vs . UC Davis, most 
rebounds 10 one game: 13 vs. LIFE shots taken: 302) . 

Others playing well in 77-78 were (S. I points per game). Stan 
Hopper (9 ppg and 4 rpg) and ppg and 3.9 rpg). Greenstein will 
graduate this June while Hopper both 6'5" juniors will return next 
season. 

"Our schedule w 
Cunningham. Next 
return. "We need 

:: i :: 

kirk," sa'id coach 
though, 9 players 
uit a bi center." 

Besides the play of Frazier, Brockett, Cunningham cited the 
Tritons' 71-64 win over UC Irvine in as the high point of the season. " It 
was the first time we've ever be.lterl. Division I school and the first time 
we ever beat Irvine (UCI II to Division I this year) . 

But the lack of execution, refers to as "game slippage _ 
executing well in practice but not in ga mes" and a lengthy road trip 
extending from late December to were the major causes behind the 
final record. UCSD played oine of games~n the road, fell t04-9 and 
never recovered . 

After winning their initial two the Tritons proceeded to drop 
eight of their last nine, including a loss to USIU. " The USIU defeat at 
home was the turning point of our r confidence fell after that loss ," 
Cunningham observed . 

For the upcoming 78-79 season , 
man and need to improve crowds 
playing in front of 30 to 40 people." 

stated, "We need to recruit a big 
games. It's very disappointing 

UPP AND AT 'EM - UCSD'. Ste"e. Upp .elld. a .pike into the 
oatetretched arm. of two Sa. Diego State opponellt. 
Wedne"'y night at the Main Gym. SDSU won the match, IS-
2, 15-6, 7-15 •• d 15-1. 

Punch ... 
Frompg. 1 
not put up with that stuff in my 
program. There is no place i!l 
athletics to throw a punch . I 
don 't condone what was done. 
His absence will hurt uS ... but 
there is no excuse for it (the 
punch) ." 

Described in the Azusa 
Pacific press guide as "tough 
on the boards (rebounding) , 
hardnosed," and " an aggres-
sive and emotional player" by 
Hamlow, Berry, in a letter to 
his coach, stated, " I would give 
anything in my life to erase the 
incident. I apologize for the 
embarrassment caused to the 
(Azusa-Pacific) team. I hope 
the incident is not the thing 
everyone remembers me by." 

Volk urged 
Sweet a nd Cunningham have 

both urged Volk to press 
criminal charges. "This type of 
incident should be pursued ," 
noted Cunningham . " I hope 
Peter will file a law suit. There 
should be compensation for the 
damage inflicted ." 

Warren Emory , Athletic 
Director at Cal Tech and 
District Chairman for the 
NAIA, told the Triton Times 
he was not aware of what 
happened . " We 've never had to 
deal with something like this 
before." 

At last Sunday's coaches' 
meeting at Biola College to 
determine the seedings for the 
upcoming playoffs (Azusa tied 
for first pJace in the division 
with Point Loma and Southern 
California College, all at 7-3) . 

by Bob Halstead 
Staff Writer 

Nationally ranked San DieJo 
State UniverSity, by far the 
toughest opponent UCSD will 
face this season, handed the 
Tritons a 15-2, 15-6, 7-15 and 15-1 
setback in a non-conference 
volleyball match Wednesday 
night at the UCSD Gym. 

Thf! loss to the Aztecs , who 
defeated national power UCLA 
last week , dropped UCSO ' s 
overall season record to 5-4 . 

Serge of momentum 
SDSU began the match by 

executing perfectly in every 
way with crisp serves, pictures-
que sets and accurate and solid 
spikes . After winning the first 
game, the visiting Aztecs ran 
out to a 10-0 lead in the second 
game and never looked back. 
UCSD rallied for six straight 
points in the second of four 
games but SOSU took the last 
five points to end the Triton 's 
threat. 

UCSD's surge of momentum 
in the second game, however, 
continued through to the third 
game as the Tritons won their 

the punch wa not discussed . 
But, Cunningham added, " The 
league needs a review board 
(for violence) . Everyone thinks 
of avoiding it. I did not want to 
overreact but several times 
this year things could have 
broken out." 

Cunningham referred spec-
ifically to an altercation 
between his starting guard 
Bart Bradley and a Cal Baptist 
player last month which could 
have developed into a serious 

only game of the match . Coach 
Randy Stevenson seemed 
disappointed as the Triton's 
intensity fell lax after the third . 
game. 

Scholarships 
Stevenson, reflecting on the 

match, said the Aztecs " are 
undoubtedly a much better 
team with six members owning 
full scholarships." He noted 
SDSU just had registered a win 
over UCLA and that luckily, 
SDSU is in a different division 
of competition than UCSD and 
the Tritons will be in the 
running for the playofCs in their 
own division. 

One of Stevenson's major 
goals is to install a high degree 
of pride in his team so as to 
create an "angry appetite for 
winning . " The hunger and 
appetite was there Wednesday 
night in the third game of the 
match. 

UCSO resumes play next 
Tuesday night with a non-
conference match against 
Grossmont College a t UCSD. 
The first game is at 7: 30 pm. 

r~*""'· ·"'--··- ··"· · ""' ·· ""'·""'·"~ 
I ! 
"COMMUNITY1 :iBLOOD BANK! , . 
.: 983 India r 
! 327 F Street I i : 
• PAYS DONORS / 
1 for Service 1 
l Mon .. Fri . 

~ 233·5481 
; 234-4601 
.. ~ ......... ~ .. -......... -.. 

TRITON NOTES: UCSD's Lee 
NAIA Distri~t Three Southern 
players. No UCSD player made 
Berl{er, GleDcIa Harp aDd Eleanor 

The incident, which ap-
parently occurred without 
provocation, is the first of its 
type in the District Three . 

Mike Berry moment. before he threw a punch at 
UCSD's Peter Volk. 

-

FIND OUT ABOUT THE 
I . J.EWISH PEACE CORPS 

SHERUT LA'AM 

TRAVEL & STUDY IN 
ISRAEL 

-Summer Programs 
- Kibbutz Experience 

-Study Abroad 

Tuesday, March 7 
7:30 p.m. 

Building "C" 
P"esented by the Israel Action Committee 
and. the Union of Jewish Students. 
Sponsored by AS UCSD. 

BABY BROOK TRO 1 "MENNIERE" 
Car<fully S.lUlc:c:d Boned 
BABY CALVES U ER 

Dehearel Se.,onro. Pan rrled ,n BUller 
and Smolhered ,n On,ons 

IRLOIN OF BEEF 
Thin Shces o f Lean Beef 

Laced W IIh 8ordel a ,~ auce 
VILLAGE KETILE ROA T CHI KE ' 

Our Chers Specaall 
Roa. led 10 a ~ep Golden Brown 

Th< Above ["(rttl. S~nhl With Chol\.~ ur 
~up or SJluJ. Bah:&.! POI .. h . Chl\'c\. Bunl"r Ii 

\ ,ur('rrtolm ur Whok Gnun RK,,( t-rt)h 
VfJ(IJhle.. f-rtsh ('orn Muffin~ and SpCtult) 

Brc .. ~ an" BUlltr 

"SOMETH ING' ALWAYS COOKI . T 
THE KETTLE" 

THE VILLAtJE KE' t 'LE 
in hingle Lane 

7610 FAY AVE. 
LA JOLLA, CA 
~------------------------



STRING QYARTET 
Beethoven: Quartet in G Major, Op. 18, No.2 
Schumann: Quartet in F Major, Op. 41, No.2 
Debussy: Quartet in G minor, Op. 10 

TOIdpt, .:31 ,. 
Mlndntlle Audltoriu. 
.5~ 

UCSD 81: Sl.51, G.A. S7.51 
UC San Dteao Boll 0fIke 

~:.J~"""'0fII0e~-':~ 
THE NEWEST. 

PANTHER OF 

Tonight! 7:00.1:30 pm usa 2722 
Centr.1 Box Office, 452-4559 

Rona Bamtt (ABC. TV) .. ,.: 
"The audience loveCt 'The One and Only' 

-they IeUOhld their hods offl" 

HENRY WINKLER 
• 

IS 

_ Co-Hil 51. Weeill 
... ...... III "£It., ....,.. UTe TI/MO -1:00, 3:00 • 4:16. ,:50 . . ..... 10:30 

r-Y" ,""" .. '!lI""-. ..... i ' :30, 10:00 'One • Only' 
' :15 

Iparkway =I call PI"'"ay c:: T".',. 'or 
................. Show Tim .. 

MATINEU 
DAilY 

Front .. , 
Co-HlI -
'TIIIMI' 

by Jill LoIIt.e Bueley 
AI1I .rUer 

The production of "West Side Story" at 
Bellville'. Dinner Theatre is a real shame 
because it features two very good perfonners in 
the lead roIea of Tony aDd Maria and .urrounds 
them with practically all the ineptitude and 
banality a professional theatre possibly could. I 
would rather see a high school production than 
this ghastly saccharin tablet of a show. There, it 
can be reasonably expected, the thought and 
money given the show is limited enough to 
preclude the kind of mushy flummery that a 
theatre like Bellville's will add to a sentimental 
musical like "West Side Story." 

I refer most specifically to the first 
"SOf11ewhere" reprise, how it is handled and 
how' it wrecks the show. "West Side Story" is 
about the antagonism between two New York 
City street gangs, the Jets, from Eastern 
European families , and the Sharks, Puerto 
Ricans . It tells the tra~ic story of Tony, a Jet, 
and Maria, a Puerto Rican girl, and how their 
love ultimately brings the two rival groups into 
accord. The most beautiful aspect of "WestSide 
Story" is the delicate way in which the 
reconciliation is stated. There are no oaths oC 
eternal friendship, there is no huuing, no 
kissiJli: Tony's dead body is carried away by 
the silent members oC both gangs - that is alL 
And that is enough. 

But in the "Somewhere" reprise, long before 
the end of the play, director Ernest Sarracino 
has the whole company, Sharks, Jets and their 
girls, stretched across the stage holding hands 
while they sing the song. Behind the actors the 
cyclorama is lit up in ugly psycadelic reds and 
oranges. In front of them are Tony and Maria. In 
this one scene sentiment is plopped on so thickly 
that the play just turns into mush. There is 
absolutely no need for insipid gestures like 
hand-holding in this play. Furthennore, the 
program doesn't even mention this scene at all. 
The only "Somewhere" listed is sung by 
Consuelo, and Consuelo, whose name signifies a 
male, is, according to the cast list, played by a 
woman, an the woman, Nanon Tygett, is a fine 
dancer, but sbe doesn't sing a solo anywhere In 
the show. 

Tbe dancinC, like the treatment of sentiment, 
is aiBo a critical iuue is "West Side Story", but 
in thil production It ia characterized by "not 
enoup" rather than "too much." Tbeprologue 
i. slouped over and turns into a farce .-it has 
no direction, no eneJ"l)' . I'm not sure how much 
reworking choreographer Pepper Clyde did, but 
certainly all the cooiness of Jerome Robbin's 
original choreography is lost. Likewise, the 
"Dance at the Gym" is unfocused and weak. 

Another distressing thing about this "West 
Side Story" is that all the Puerto Rican woman 
except Maria are made up and dressed to look 
like whores. If there's a Puerto Rican 
community in San Diego, surely it should have 
something to say about this . I do "agree that these 
particular characters might dress more 
flamboyantly than the others, but there are 
boundaries of taste, and they are crossed here. 

The good things about Bellville's "West Side 
Story" are three actors: Marc Garrett as Tony, 
Karen Hartman as Maria and an energetic 
Bruce Nielsen Winant as A-rab. Unfortunately, 
Garrett's microphone had interference in it all 
evening, but in spite· of it, he proved himself an 
excellent singer and actor, as did Hartman 
whose upper register is extremely clear and 
beautiful. Garrett and Hartman alone pull off 
this production. Whenever they are on stage, the 
tendency towards lack of focus and sickliness is 
instantly abolished . Their perfonnances are at 
once delicate and penetrating. 

Winant, in the humorous side of the play, is 
delightful in the "Officer Krupke" number. His 
rich baritone distinguishes him from the rest of 
the men, and his sense of comedy makes 
"Officer Krupke" one of the most successful 
numbers in the show. 

Finally, since Bellville's is a dinner theatre, I 
feel obliCed to say something about the dinner. I 
skipped It. I've eaten there twice before and I 
know better now. I did order a strawberry 
dacquiri at intermission but was very 
disappointed. Once, the Bellville's dacquiris 
were made from rum, vermouth, strawberries 
and lime juice. But there was something wrong 
with the dacquiri I had. I drink to fOl'let, and you 
see, I didn't forget "West Side Story" is a bad 
prodUction. 

W.alk on DownU 
NEW WORLD RECORD CO. PHOTO SUPPIJES 
... " 3211 Holiday Court 

CD La Jolla Phone: 455-5580 
"'_1 • at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 

- entry street to La Jolla Village 

Super Sale!! 
Twenty Hit Albums 

,Only $4.49 .... 
!lllnufldlnr'1 lit $7.. 

Tapes $4.79 
Hits by Rod Stewart, Queen, linda Ronstadt, 

Steely Dan and many more! 
Check store for others. 

Irtnt Ilia ad - IIV. 50t off II ItIms $4.00 
..... not covncl by .... 

Store Hours - Open 7 Days 
Mon-Fri: 10 to 9:30 pm Sat: 10 to 7 pm Sun: 11to 5 pm 

DARKROOM 
8UPPL1E8 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 
UCID ..... 

HI ~.I:i1II.k. 

,.....,. IIen:h 3. 1171 biton times 

triton c lassifi eds TV talk ... I Conl1nued from page 2) maintained in as much as the s how and these people are worth having on "for its own 
sake", and that otherwise the 
thing wouldn't exist - one must 
question the role of television as 
a communicating medium and 
wonder aloud why ideas of the 
scope discussed on Cavett's 
show can't be brought to an 
audience a lot wider than the 
smu~ intellectuals and aca -
d~mlc groupies who are happy 
wIth the narrow perimeters of 
the appeal. 

CLAlIUnED AOS: S_ .... : ........... _ . 1'1--.. ra .. ; II ,.. lie ._. 
....... r_ .. : '_' .. '1 .... _ .... 
Ad r ...... we: WIUMf!td. fer SaN. Trau!t. 

H ..... Sen ..... _ ........... rOIl"". 
v_ ... __ ...... ,_ t .. ......... 1 ...... 

doll ..... 18 _. HI Hell _ ..... ilIlW .. 'l<eb) 
z ... _ ........... y Mfon y .. r III i ........ .,. 
()ffft __ lor .... daMI_ ............. are 

f.- 11-' _.y ....... r ..... y. 
personals 

BaJ_ Natur. HI.1001'')' eru .... In the Sea of Conez •. 
d.oy •. MMr .Apr. 2 1310 Contact r . Rokop 2254 
BB urn Illl" 

l;\\I~(JTU HI-.:\T\L :-o.k, ('h~lcl I'OI"' l'~ III 3 
hlo(:11;8 (rom lirtlll 7'. Tn 10 plun .\Uur Inp 3 10" 
1o'l'Ck!. a~bd mlnllnum Sill In, shoulct bt> ,r.ut Ihru 
Mu) Call DouII7I.a , s.ao.$2:tJ. or ,71", 770·0511 13/11 
Medlul S.bolan~lp. , ,.. Immedl.le "yur 
medica' acMoI JCboI.rahipeavaU.bIe '0 enterinc or 
en,vUod mod _ .... call Navy modical!e.m m· 
_ W121 

NHdZbdrm fum houwOrapl , fM!;lr.achinP,B 
or N.B . • tani .. JWItI ·Sept. I uploS.lMlmon Any 
"'(0 would be helpful . Pre(erutll paid It I rorDave 
Mike. VlIK't!andJoIIn Call M,keatiltS-744a eF3117) 
Room-Mate wanted. ma~ . Sprjna: Qtt. to than& new 
2 bdrm . condo. Own nn, " ''; bath, POOl. near 
ram"", lli2 50 mo 453-481. 14151 
AI roomate wanted Solana condoOWD roomiU. mo 
Call Joe 7$S ·7t1. bet ... een ' · 11 pm 1113) 

. Uni" City...c..neee HIKhian arta. OWn rm in 

for .sale 
1175 Honda XLl1S new In 7111, :MIOtmdet excellent 
rondili on . t52S . e.-II Eric 4" un 1316, 
Peu,<Ol Mo-Ped 1150 ml .. . yrold. SJ75 or boal oller 
Howard U.H29I 14151 

Corveue--IM1 conyt w/removable ho.rd top. mUll 
1ft . Be.t otrer over M .• Ho .... rd W .. 2M ~41S) 
74 SuIUkI500 "reel bike I'" new Urn ...... bl .. 55D it:INW RMS low mil ... ",.1 bike altO UI-44&.'I 
~.:JumiJhed, • lidnn condo. I IGlmoalll cau 

ev ... (31') K ...... kI1t72 H2 7M DunlOji Kli. Denco Cbamben 
Studio wlthoul kltch 1134l mo. a.tacloed larace. Very lood bike, mUit lOll _ . Call 211~ '''~\ 
..ar bellCh. Sol.nl Beach. ~"y.rd. 755·3111 1.,5) ROWlnol.ki ', l55cm Solomon ... b,nd, ... Lad;". 

Reichle bootJ Size I - USf'd twlee. Sacr!r. 1t00 • 
Needed immediately' Room·male (or3 bdnn house Carole w.msq 
~,~.!:~~m lIS"",. " 113 u.lI . Unlil June IS travel 
Avail. Spnn. QIr I br In 2 br apt I bk)ck (rom 
beach/bus Fum 10rll30 Solitna8ch Very roomy 
755-14. (3131 

Nonamoiter needed ror o ..... n Bdr In II adr tondo 114 
mo • ut GentPiaymo Slart next qlr. Oitve. Doug 
.r Todd 4!12.t71O 131S, 

services 

BOOK ON CA MPUS Europe. H .... iI and New 
York Charter Flights CJEF:Sludenl Tra Ytl Student 
Center B-4W OPt'n '4 eekdaYJ 12... Call 4S2-0e30 
16/ 11) 

wanted 
Eam 5-IQl/ hr' Full or part· llme nlelperson-caJl 
Punty Water Co, at 27fJ..9J10 g am~S pm (3/3) 

TOPICONOMY 
Plus GOOD LOOI(51 
NOW'I M nMI YO.". A 
NIW ItA ... ... ~ 
IN'nNfOIY w... 

SAN DIEGO 
DATSUN 

lit ....... • .... 
MIllION y3LUY~' 
'*-.... --

WORK IN JAPAN' Teach EncUab oonveraation . 
No expenence . drtree, or Japanae required . Send 
lone •• tamped.self·addrHIItd envelope for details 
Japan - 111. 411 W. Cen",r. Centraha , WI. NSlI 
1lI61 RESEARCH PAPERS - Thousand on III. " .7$ 

per Pille. OrillOal resench aJ»o BYailHble Send 
1100 for calalog NATIONAL RESEARCH 1_ 
Wilshire no 21. LA llOO''/< 121.1479· 10911 e3117) 

rnu~rviewl '4'ant~ with people ...,hg have been 
subJectJ in medJeal experimentation for media 
aniele. Coli 12131 __ I~/ SI 

And from that point, one 
CQ,lllmences with a radical 
discussion oC what television 
should be , an issue that 
challenges the entire economic 
structure of our culture, brings 
into question the kind of choices 
given to the audience like 
carrots on a stick , and finally , 
focuses on the issue oC the ways 
people can define their lives . -......... _--

Your education COlt lhousandl ... ,..,... marlil:et It 
properly Let prolellional. wrile • ~ ... n or edit 
your re.ume. We' lI ~lIyou how to flndunadvertiled 
Jobs .. pi In!e .. lew. 100. R ....... bly pnced. 7M-
0202. lr131101 
Doria and Mard. IIlan'" 'or tbo ,ro.1 bin_yo 
(313) 

PROFESSIO At TIlESI IMANUSCR JPT 
TYPING : ElC~rienctd . lhorou.ch1y (amillar With 
all 'onn • • tyle requlrerMnu RUlhjobe a~epted 
IBM Correct In, SelectriC' II typewriter Day 566-
3311 , eve *~;tt47 . 16/ 9) 

CaJh paid lor coinl, ClaN 0 .... , Jewelry , dental 
loki , swrUna aDd pre 1115 U.S. SHYer coins Ken?5$. 
7:171 14m Complimentary Extension Classes 

Vi.iIISRAEL 11111 _r. 5 _ , .,..,ial rat.. , 
,Iudenl ,roup , lanIoIIk-",oit, .CaIl Paul: m · 
7555 r 

D. I keop 1_ .. n_ 01 _ mucb I Jov. you. 
What do I do Willi • f_tJac 10 _rful! S . 
D.nce 10 R... .... ""ny IJ\ Ille ha.- 1\ tbe 
ReveUe barbor ena . . ... rch 11 . 1"0 II Revelte 
Res 0 .... ' . (3/31 
March II·R.vell. Harbor CNioe-Be Ibo~ or be 
squ.~ Tic ...... 'Wvelle Relldtnt Ilean. 13/31 

ProleSllonul T),p lnl . Rea.onutJle RatfS 'HIM 
Correcunl Selectric. C .. II (or Free Estimate. G ... I 
411-7S4G. 16191 

Anil ....... Wl Alhr. zebralwll; mUit be a" UJ 
... rit ralt. prolicltnUy wilh ICJ')IIJco. PII. tU·7316 
ellS! 

Model"M(tle Good p.ti)' for the n,ht perICn Send 
pholo POBox 1665 t. J olla 92011 11I1 ) 

Microcomputer procr.lIU1'\f:r'I:, earn MODey by 
Typ.,,, IBM ~Iectrit II , dlctppbone available le1Un, u. market your pro,ram • . Any type 
Very reason_bit rate • . 411 . 2193 13/') procram on any .,.ltem. Contract jobl avlilable . 

NEED A TYPIST".' Reasonable rOltu, SPEEDY 
SERVICE IBM .. 1I-cor .... unK Kall"e 27&-9299 
"her 12 : 00 noon 131171 

Alln _TNt (JI241 
F'ema~ nHdM to .hare room : 2 bdnn hou.w. 
Million Beach . • . 75. 1 , util Non~.moker. 4II~S366 
evenlnas 131 t 1) 
W4NTED One SilO l ive Ju do GI Needed 

Typln"eellcorrectina IBM selectric term papers, ' desperately Ca ll Mark at 45% · 0791 (313. 

A number of complimentary enroJ/menrJ in Universitv Exteruion 
classes are available 10 regular~I' enrolled UC San Diego studenu. 
Underlraduates wishinl to enroll in E"tension counts appro"ed lor 
UC San DielO credit (numbered 1-191) may do III) becimUnl 
Wednesday, March I, .:01 a.m., in tbe ["tension Re&istration Ofli« 
(Bldl· 103, Admlnlstratin Complex). Undugradwtes wishing to take 
other Extension courses may do so beginning at 8:{)() a.m. on March 9. 
Graduate students should comaci Ihe Office of GradUilte Studies and 
Researchfor in/ormation. Please ca1/452-34oo for further in/ormation. 

Do)'ou want to pan)' hearty" Grab a da\e and run to 
lhe Revelle Harbor Cruil ... ""mJ.(ormal 3111171 
13131 

,M.e • . etc. U~ntnced 452· 1511 eveninis. j&1I9, I 9_ f 
'rVPING! IBM Selectric lenn papers, lheaeo. PhD. ost a ou nd 
dluen,uo ... edlllnl" RUSH JOBS . 4~. 540-8u~ted" Focu.lilteners c.n direct you to tela 1 ald. 

Sirlcily conliden"'!' .,. ... 53 IJlli '171. 216-4936. 452·1l1li16111 

Intemat'! Women's Day is March • 1ft ta..ndar(or 
Urnes and pla~1 01 evenu. C.tebrate womens ' 
achievemenu (3111 

Volunteer 10 lead natu~ Willi at beautiful Torrey 
PinH Slate Reserve! CaU Ranier Rou 15S.20e3 

Found: UmbreUa 2nd floor HSS. "'m"" and black 
plaid. Claim a1 TT office 

Found. navy blue down Jsckttt on MUir Field. Size 
XL Claim itl TT office 

Mindy K -See you Friday Treat me to lunch't JC 
ill . I 

TUloran,-Calculus , Alaebra. Tria. Arwl fGeom I , 
Physlt'S . StatiStiCS Cali IIh 2I7 ~47S1 (S/24) Men ', larle welluil top d.lsappearect from my 

bathroom in ArlO Please help me 10000alt II . 4.53-.1 .. 
(DWlppe,red lall week I f3111 

Swan 0 Who loves you' I love YOU! Remember " 

Jenl C 1S13) housing 
T)'plng-e~perlcnl-'t11 . ~11",ble. reasonOlble IBM 
Correcting Sdec.1nt: ('..111 ~nnihle W.(JI21 Mrs 
OIdl 16/ 91 announcements 

2 Bdrm, delux Condo. for rent or leaeeSSOO. moalh 
unlur .. In Carlabtod. 2I3-72H757: 71 ____ 13110; 

Typiq-Marllyn would like to tuUm your typin. 
1lftda·1!Xpert . .. alOnable, hal IBM. Cali rnH721 . 
13117) 

Media YIGlence illHUlSt women·a .ilde presentation 
6: Oisculiion Ma rch 13 N Conr Rm Stu Cntr 7' 30 
pm 

A SYMPOSIUM ON 
SICKLE CELL ANEMIA 

IN 'DEDICATION OF 
THE CHEMISTRY 

RESEARCH BUILDING, 
THIRD COLLEGE 

University of C.llforn'_, 
"nD ... o " 

lI.ch 3-4, 1171 

The Department of Chemistry and Third 
College, UC San Diego present a sym-
posium on sickle cell anemia in honor of the 
dedication of the Chemistry Research 
BUilding, Third College, on Friday and 
Saturday, March 3 and 4, 1978. The princi-
pal speaker will be Or. Linus Pauling, dis-
coverer of the molecular basis of sickling 
and winner of Nobel Prizes in Chemistry 
and Peace. 

The symposium is free and open to the 
public. .:.. 

Frida" March 3 

Ch.mlc.' .nd Clinic. I Studle. on 
Slckl. Cell DI ••••• 
M.nd.vlll. Cent., Recital Hall 

10:15 Dr. Philip Ross 
National Institutes of Health 
"Studies of the Effects of Added 
Molecules on the Solubility of Hemo-
globin S" 

11 :00 Dr. Ronald L Nagel 
Albert Einstein College of Medicine 
"Some Aspects of the Polymerization 
of Hemoglobin S " 

11 :45 Lunch 

1:30 Dr. Samuel Chanlche 
The Johns Hopkins University School 
of Medicine 
"Blood Flow in Sickle Cell Anemia" 

2:15 Dr. Darlene Pow.rs 
University of Southern California 
School of Medicine 
"Demographic Features of Morbidity 
in Sickle Cell Disease: Infectious Dis-
eases, Strokes, Fetal Hemoglobin Re-
lationships " 

3:00 Coffee 

3:15 Dr. Cage s. John.on 
University of Southern California Clini-
cal Laboratories 
"Demographic Features of Morbidity 
in Sickle Cell Disease: Mortality, 
Pregnancy, and Adult Medical Prob-
lems " 

"turda" March 4 

Hem •• and Hemoglobin Experimental 
.nd Theoretlc.' Studl •• 
TLH 107, Third Coli ... 
9:00 Dr. linus Paullng 

Linus Pauling Institute of Science and 
Medicine 
"Early History of Hemoglobin Struc-
ture" 

10:00 Coffee 
10:15 Dr. Winslow S. Caughey 

Colorado State University 
"Effect of Globin Structure on 02 and 
CO Binding and Oxidation in Abnor-
mal Hemoglobins " 

11 :00 Dr. Quentin H. Glb.on 
Cornell University 
"Effects of Temperature and pH on 
Hemoglobin T-State Behavior" 

11 :45 Lunch 
A no-host lunch has been arranged to 
take place in the Third College Com-
mons Building. 

1:30 Dr. Gilda H, Loew 
Stanford University Medical Center 
"Electronic Structure and Properties 
of Normal Deoxy and Oxy Heme 
Units" 

2:15 Dr. WlIll.m A. Godd.rd. III 
California Institute of Technology 
"Theoretical Studies of Binding of 02 
to Heme Proteins: Implications for 
Cooperative Binding" 

3:00 Coffee 
3:15 Dr. D.vld ca .. 

University (I california, Davis 
"Pathways in Oxygenation of Hemo-
proteins" 

4:00 Dr. Arieh W.rshel 
University of Southern California 
"Enorgj· sr, u(.lu, tI CUI reid lion in 
Metalloporphyrins and the Control of 

4:00 Panel Discussion - Dr. Helen Ligand Binding in Hemoglobin" 
Ranney 4:45 Discussion 
'.~ , ~~~~~~~~~. '~~~~~~~~~ 



iully9s 
Prime Rib 

Dinioq 
At its Best 

THE NATURAl WAY TO 
IEAUTlRIl HAIR 
HENNA 

ia Neatral for Great 8cHIy __ Slaiae 
HENNA 

ia Colon to Sea.tify yoar Nataral S ..... e 
while yo. Coaditioa. 

And it's all NA ruRAL. no chemicals of any kind. 
$2.89 

G 

attlae 

Village Beauty Supply 

A 
TOM 

a.boon •••• 
(Coa&iDued from PIlle 1) 

E 
March 4t -1 th 

G 

Come register now for our drawings 
on the 11th! Tab T' Hawaii 

Outfitted backpacking 
trip for two. 

oe rap 
Includes ski lessons 
and rentals at 
Sugar House West. 
Gre~t Pacific Mountain Works are wilderness outfitters. We offer the highest qualit equlp~en! and apparel for back-packing, hiking and mountain-climbing - everything fo~ 
roughmg It! 

Other grand opening 
g e-awa}s include: 
Top Quality Back- ' 
packing Equipment 
from: Jansport, 
Trailwise, Raichle, 
Ascente, Coming 
Attractions, Wilder-
ness Experience, 
Sierra West, and 
others. No purchase 
necessary. 

....... 

elderness 0 

Free T-Shirt to 
customers with 510 
purchase or more. 
Manufacturer Re-
presentatives will be 
on hand on the 4th to 
present their mer-
chandise and answer 
questions. 

tfitters 
- Rentals - Sales - Instructional Services - R i 

. epa rs-
Off 1-5 at the Del Mar racetracK eXIL 

. Via de la Valle, East to the Flower Hill Shoppi~g Center. 
26?O Via de la Valle Phone: 481-SKIS 
SUite A-210 

has "many years of work" 
ahead of ber to properly put 
to,ether data and various . 
analyses of tbe field studies. 
But it is no doubt dlsbeartening 
to Strum. and maay. that ~n 
there can be DO data from a 
scientific resource. a world. 
that has disappeared. 

Int.m •... 

LEARN TO FLY 

California Gliders 
Flight Training Center 

offers 
Hang Gliding Instruction 

al all levels -
novice Ihru expert 

7 Days a week 

Certified USHGA Instructors 

for further information 
CONTACT 

ALBION CORPORATION 
8490 PRODUCTION AVE. 

SAN DIEGO. CAUFORNIA 
92121 

(714,271.7810 


