
MEChA apoaeored the ... a al Cia c o de Mayo f.tivitin Friday aINI Sata ..... y ia the Third 
College PIaz • • Cinco de Ma yo ie the day co ...... emor.tiag the Mexic_ defeat over the Frea c h 
in the Battle . t P.eblo, " which occurred . t 10:30, May 5 ia 1862," .ccordiag to the atadeat 
informat ioa center. 

Solar wind project explores space 
by John Hondros 

Staff Writer 
In 1966, the Solar Wind 

Project was established at 
UCSD in order to explore space 
physics. . 

Today, UCSD's Solar Wind 
Project, which is supported by 

. the National Science Founda-
t ion is best known for its 
contribution in measuring wind 
speed above and below the 
ecliptic plane, said Dr. Barney 
Rickett, associate professor of 
Applied Physics and Informa-
tion Science. 

Solar wind is the wind in 
space produced by solar storms 
moving outward from the sun 
and "has nothing to do with 
solar energy or wind energy" 
said Rickett. 

Early experiments in mea-
uring solar wind were done by 

spacecraft, explained Rickett. 
Presently, antennas are used 
as measuring devices. 

UCSO's Solar Wind Project 
has three antenna stations, 
locate d in Carlsbad , the 
Borrego Desert and Campo. 

According to Jay Kaufman, -
a UCSO postdoctorate working 
with Rickett, the Solar Wind 
Project examines extragalac-
tic radio sources in order to 
gather information on solar 
Help for grads 

wind. Radiation from a source 
passes through the wind, and 
the project studies the modula-
tion of these waves . The 
information gathered on both 
the energy and the wind is 
correlated and used to measure 
the velocity, density and radio 
structure of the wind. 

The project attempts to 
relate properties of solar wind 
to properties of the sun, said 
Kaufman. 

" The results of the project 
are published in ientific journals, " said Rickett. He 
added that there have been five 
graduate students at UCSD who 
have written their thesi on tbe 
project. 

" There are six people 
working on the project; we are 

lookin~ for more grad stu-
dents, ' said Kaufman . A 
background in physics and 
electrical engineering is 
necessary, as radio frequencies 
are studied and a great deal of 
data processing is done within 
the project. In the past, there 
was a lot of student involve-
ment , but at present , the 
project is running out of 
students, said Kaufman. 

According to Rickett, each 
antenna station consists of a 
phased array of small antennas 
which look like TV antennas. 
These antennas are connected 

AS la.unches 'Senior Link' 
The problems of a stranger in 

a strange city are the focus of 
the ASUCSD's new program, 
.. nior Link." 

The' 'link" progra,m is 
designed to put UCSD grads 
who are moving to a new city or 
nrolling in a grad school with 

other UCSD grads in the same 
location. 

Erratum 
In Monday's Triton Time in 

the article on the naming of 
Third ollege we incorrectly 
reported the number of votes 

artin Luther King ollege 
r c iv d as 402 . Tb actu 1 
number wa 102 . 

Th Triton Tim rcgr t thi' 
error. 

According to the program's 
originator Phil Issac, the idea is 
to let UCSD grads help each 
other as they adjust to their new 
surroundings . 

Seniors should have received 
a fonn for the program last 
week in the mail. They are 
asked to fill these out and 
return them by mail to, Senior 
Link, ASUCSD, Student Center 
Building A, UCSD B-023 or to 
leave them at EDNA. 

Ba ed on the information 
received through the forms , a 
list of names, after graduation 
de tination and phon num-
bers will be printed lat r thi 
qu rter in th U D 
Bull tin . 

by an underground cable and 
are controlled from a computer 
on campus. 

Rickett explained that the 
antennas work like an optical 
telescope. An opt cal t lec pe 
has a dish-like mirror which 
reflects the light waves to a 
focus point. In order to steer the 
waves, the whole dish must be 
tilted. Instead of a dish, there 
are antennas located on 
different points on the ground, 
and the waves are steered by 
changing the cable lengths . 

Cal sexism 
investigated 

The Los Angeles Times 
reported Sunday that at least 
four of the five UC Berkeley 
academic departments which 
have been under federal 
investigation appear to have 
followed hiring practices which 
discriminate against women. 

The investigation, conducted 
by the US Office for Civil Rights 
(OCR) is not expected to be 
completed for another month 
and no official statement that 
discrimination has , in fact , 
occurred has been issued. 
Preliminary evidence, 

however, strongly suggests 
that employment criteria have 
favored the hiring of males. 

The current investigation is, 
in part, trying to determine 
whether or not the UC campus 
is complying with the affirma-
tive action program which it 
adopted in 1975, after years of 
deliberation. 

If it is determined that 
Berkeley is not complying with 
its guidelines, the university 
could lose, at least temporarily, 
$55 million in federal research 
grants and contracts with a 
variety of federal agencies. 

An example of the alleged 
favoritism is the appearance 
that the Spanish and Portugese 
department favor tho e 
applicants whose native tongue 
i either Spani h or Portuge e. 

Also i an alleged preference 
of the clas ic department for 
applicants who have train d in 
Bnti h univ rsitie . 

In both of th c tori , 
the majorit of per on ar 
mal . a ordin t th rtl I . 

Monday, Ib, 8 1878 

H ike activity fee 
to hire fulltime 
AS staff - Eckery 

by Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor 

The AS will not be able to do a 
good job serving students until 
the Student Activity Fee is 
raised , Muir College AS 
Representative Kevin Eckery 
said Friday. 

A $4 hike in the quarterly $6-
fee would allow the AS to hire 
fulltime consulting and re-
search staff and to have the 
necessary bankroll to start up a 
student-owned service, Ec-
kery , a member of the AS 
finance committee, said in an 
interview.-

$130,000 annually 
The Activity Fee, which 

amounts to about $130 ,000 
annually, is allocated by the 
AS, which uses it to cover 
operating costs and fund 
various student organizations. 
A $4 hike in the fee would bring 
an extra $70 ,000 to $90 ,000 
annually into AS coffers. 

Among the organizations 
which the AS funded heavily 
this year are MEChA, the Black 
Student Union and several 
Jewish student groups, Eckery 
said. The AS also allocated 
303 ,000 to the subsidiary journal and radio station 

KSOT. 
With the current Activity Fee 

budget, it would be impossible 
for the AS to hire needed full-
time staff members, Eckery 
said . Each full -time staffer 
would cost at least $15 ,000 
annually. he estimated. 

The fulltirne staffers could 
be used to work with student 
organizations and "direct 
student energies, " Eckery 
said. "A fulltime person could 
concentrate on one taSK -
student issues - for 40 hours a 
week. Now, he said , AS 
members work on four or five 
tasks at once, and cannot 
concentrate solely on AS 
matters. 

The fulltime staff members 
could also do research that 
would help AS members in their 
dealings with administrators, 
he said . "If you go to the 
administration on an issue, 
with only a few hours of 
research behind you , you 

deserve what you get - which 
will probably be getting shot 
out of the sky. But if you have 
good information, you can 
win." 

Another use for extra 
revenue resulting from a fee 
hike would be to fund an AS-
owned service in the Student 
Center. According to Eckery, it 

(Please turn to page 3) 

lay-Sachs 
prevention 
this week 

Testing that can prevent Tay-
Sachs disease , an inherited 
genetic disorder causing 
destruction of the nervous 
system, will be available today 
through Thursday at UCSO. 

Today and tomorrow testing 
will be available from 8 am to 5 
pm at the Revelle Side Door and 
on Wednesday and Thursday in 
the Muir Commuter's Lounge. 
The testing involves taking a 
blood sample and is free. 

An afflicted child will appear 
normal until about six months 
of age . However, once the 
disease strikes there is a rapid 
deterioration of the child ' 
nervous system that affects the 
child's physical skills . He 
ceases to crawl or turn over, to 
be able to see , to smile ; 
eventually he will die at about 
four years of age. 

The idea behind the testing is 
to let carriers of the disease 
know they are carriers and 
there is no reason they can't 
have normal children. When-
ever both the father and 
mother are carriers there is a 
one in four chance tbat each 

pr~nancy will result in a child 
affhcted with the disease. 

A recently developed test 
makes it possible to determine 
if the unborn child has T ay-
Sachs disease. This makes it 
possible for the couple to have 
only children not afflicted by 
the disease. 

The test results will be 
mailed to each person in about 
two to three weeks. 



I 
PIIIe:l I 

Opinion I 
Commentar 

Studentgovt. paradox 
by Andy Schneider 

Associate News Editor 
Regardless of the constitutional format or the people involved, 

student government at UCSD still faces fundamental paradoxes 
which stifle cohesive community growth . 

A great deal of conflict is generated from our continual inability 
to adequately define the role, purpose and authority for student 
government on this campus. 

We pay mcrealt>le Up servIce to concepts like decision , 
representation and policy making. These are empty words without 
effective meaning for students. In reality the few who care and 
the few who are out for personal gain get together in a clique to 
voice their own concensus limited by individual opinion. 

There is no identifiable constituency or accountability. The new 
Associated Students has been no different in this regard than the 
old Student Cooperative Union. Once again we have seen the 
traditional re-enactment of take the goodies and run. 

The AS pushed a lot of paper, created committees, had access to 
an incredible budget, took trips and had something to put on their 
resumes. It was a lot of fun . There is nothing more than dead 
silence when we ask - What was really accomplished for the 
student community? How much change was achieved? 

Maybe this is the way it should be. A student government 
teaches budget skills, political strategy and leadership models , 
but we must recognize that there is no control that government 
would seem to imply. It's good input into the system, but it really 
doesn't impact the factors which design our everyday life. 

lt is hard to draw the line where student government ends and 
the student affairs administrative division begins. En loco 
parentis reigns supreme at UCSD. Administrators playa key role 
as arbItrators in student <:.Iashes. That would I\Ot be so awful if 
these administrators didn't use the role as leverage to determine 
the outcome of the battle. 

Student leaders are far from faultless in the game. Using a 
system of patronage which grew up when there was no · 
government and trading on access granted only by personal ties, 
students have become skilled manipulators of their 
administrative friends. The key to saving the budget for a student 
program or altering a policy has often been to turn administrators 
against one a nother. 

Power in the system is reaped by the favors you sow and the 
alliances you build. A different viewpoint or a creative solution has 
no merit unless it supports the team you're on. There isno room to 
experiment, to fail, and then to try again . Interaction is 
smoothered by the prevailing win loose mentality. 

l 
Students are caught in a vicious cycle which stunts autonomy. 

Students won't support student government until it has effective 
meaning. Student government can't have effective meaning until 
it has support. The administration will 'not recognize student 
government until it has legitimacy. Student government can not 
have legitimacy until the administration gives it the opportunity to 
make a decision tbat counts for something. 

Some talk glowingly of a solution based upon improved 
communication and increased training. Somehow a magical 
renaissance of community consciousness is supposed to grow 
from efficient participation. We are already talking and our 
language is "screw you" warfare. What good d~s it do to train 
when the ones you t~11 in June will be gone by September in the 
annual crusade of lemmings to other institutions. We politely call 
it " low retention rate. " I call it something is very wrong, if we 
consistently lose the best. 

Many run away from here before the system controls their 
minds and messes them up. Others park their heads here, but 
withdraw {rom interaction with the people around them. And 1 
write commentaries. 

If the way we organize student government reflects upon the 
whole of our existence in this community, we better take a careful 
look at this reality we have created and begin to re-evaluate our 
values, purpose and goals. Maybe the student who scrawled, 
" Destroy what destroys you" across the wall of a campus building 

_wasn't all wrong. Stop and think - What the hell are we dOing to 
each other? 

triton times Monet.y, Mey 11171 

lrfI60~S. 

Letters to the editor 

Triton Times failed to 
publish Deli warning 

Editor: , 
Though perhaps the heading should ' read " Students '. A s.tudent 

newspaper, in its basic orientation, should functlon as a transmitter of 
actions and occurences which could effect the lives of everyday students. 
The case in point deals with the failure of the Trit(ln Time~ to publish a 
warning aboul the possible poisoning of a number of students In the Revelle 
Deli . The matter was brought to their attention in order to alert individual.s 
who may ha ve drunk either coffee or soda on the ~ornmg of M~nday, April 
23 in the Deli. Contaminated water was used In the making of these 
beverages. The consumption of the beverages.caused sev~re headaches, 
nausea dizziness and a general run down feeling. At the time the effects 
had pe~slsted for 30 to 40 hours, but as time has passed, the effects have.yet 
to completely subside. This is t~e in ~e t:ase.ofboth myself and a full tJ~e 
employee of the Deli. Had the Triton Times given any consideratIOn to thiS 
problem they woulo not onlv have informed people of possible danl[ers to 
their physical beings, but also would have found out that the problem was 
not yet cleared up. The press can be a powerful force and inform the 
people, which leads to the point of this letter; Triton Times - what's your 
problem? 

GLEN NESSEL 

UCSD education chooses 
not to provoke thoughts 
Editor: 

Barry Carlton 's letter of May 3rd !s all too indicativ.e .?f the 
indoctrinating nature of a UCSD education. I agree that It IS In.d~d 
frightening and disturbing to witness the " weak analytical and critical 
skills" that many UCSD students are frequently displaying. What is 
equally disturbing is that in four years as an undergraduate he was unable 
to recognize the correlation between these wt:ak reasoning abilities and the 
selection and teaching of faculty . He writes that he " is beginning to 
understand why the administration is so unresponsive to student input in 
the tenure process." Why hasn 't he begun to understand the relationship 
between who is chosen to teach and the inability of students to think clearly 
and analyze accordingly? If the university teaches it students to think and 
confront, then it will inevitably have to deal with those thoughts and 
confrontations. 

At UCSD this problem is avoided altogether by choosing not to provoke 
meaningful thought concerning issues which might be seriously 
questioned if they were exposed and fully evaluated. Let's not circ.umvent 
the main issue with discussions of one particular professor and hiS short-
comings or qualities as a professor. The issue which we need to address Is 
the trend away from confrontative and evaluative thought towards 
homogenuity and conformity. Ten years from now the bulk of knowledge 
learned as an undergraduate will be forgotten . Perhaps only then will we 
regret not having developed our reasoning and thinking abilities as 
students. 

DANIEL J. ROEMER 

I 

Coal-firing 
realities 
Editor: 

In view of the recent defeat of 
the Sundesert nuclear power 
project, California may begin 
construction on its first coal-fired 
plant. This step is being supported 
by conservative groups like the 
Sierra Club and the Friend! of the 
Earth who see coal as the lesserof 
two evils. I find it incredible that 
these two organizations could 
support the coal-firing process, a 
proces which involves the 
following ugly realities : 1) 
Ripping up the earth (usually our 
mountains) to acquire the coal; 2) 
Air pollution; and 3) Mining, a 
rather unhealthy occupation 
(witness : the Appalachian 
miners, black lung, and numerous 
mining accidents) . 

Contrary to .the beliefs of Gov. 
Brown and no-nuke faction , I 
support nuclear power. I don 't 
think it is anything to be taken 
lightly, but I do believe it's the 
cleanest, safest way to provide 
our energy needs. The major 
complaints against nuclear power 
concerning radioactive and 

. 'geothermal wastes, its potential 
as a weapon in the hands of 
terrorists, and the possibility of a 
nuclear accident . can all be 
handled with our technology 
providing we are aware of these 
potential dangers. 

Despite Gov. Brown's fascina-
tion with solar energy (and the 
1980 Presidency), it's not enouah 
to take care of our present energy 
needs. Robert Redford can afford 
a solar-heating unit, but a lot of us 
can ' t. 

The no-nukes have conducted a 
very efft'ctive tampaign up to this 
moment - it's easy to scare 
people by referring to "nuclear" 
popwer as something dark and 
evil (perhaps equating it with 
nuclear weaponry) . It 's an issue 
which can evoke highly emotion-
alized responses (such as this 
one?) . But the reality of having 
our first coal-fired plant is upon 
us. That scares me. 

DIRK WEISS 

We Are Specialists 
Dedleated To Quallt~ 

OFFERING AN EXTENSIVE SELECTION OF 
THE ITEMS IN WHICH WE SPECIALIZE 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
946 GARNET AV, 1~7o-76zol 
PACIFIC BCH. 92109 • -

',2 BLKS. FROM THE OCEAN 

OVER 225 BULK CONTAINERS 
... HELP YOURSElF 

o FRESH BREAD 
o SEEDS FOR EATING - SPROUTING 
o GRAINS. NUTS. DRIED FRUIT 
o BULK HONEY. JUICES. ETC . 
• BASIC NATURAL FOODS 

JUICE BAR I TEA ROOM 
OVER 400 HERBS • TEAS • SPICES 

OUR OWN BACKPACKING MEALS 
WE GRIND FRESH PEANUT BUTTER 
I ALMOND BUTTER 

RET AIL I WHOLESALE 

Mondey, Me, I, 1171 

All .. ~. SWIfitIt,. •• 711£ ri 
*NAI~,*.~_n. 
$1Nf!IiN6. SJIf/:I6 .. , 

triton times 

L-__ ~~~~~ ________ ~I~~~ __________________ ~~~ ________________ ~d~'i~nL-' 
Eckery ••• 
(Continued from pale 1) 
would cost between $20,000 and 
$30,000 to cover the expected 
losses in the first year of a new 
business. 

Another use 
A third use for the increased 

revenues Eckery pointed to, 
would be to start an AS 
Program Board, which could 
fund "more popular program-
ming - less string quartets and 
more bands." 

The current Activity Fee 
budget could not cover such a 
cost, he said. 

Currently, the AS is aided in 
its work by three secretaries 
and Student Organizations 
Advisor Scot Spicer. Two of the 
secretaries are funded with 
half Activity Fee money and 
half money from the Advisory 
Committee on Student Fee 
Programs. Spicer and the other 
secretary are paid totally out of 
advisory committee cash. 

Spicer is supposed to advise 
the AS, as well as all other. 
student groups. Is he spread too 
thin by his job, since there are 
over ISO student organizations? 

No, according to Eckery , 
"Spicer's not spread too thin. 
His problem is that he's paid 
out of state money and so 
answers more to Student 
Affairs than to the AS. He's not 
hired by the AS. We need a full -
time person to look ever our 
affairs, but we c"~rford it." 

l<'...,tI1kes . 
fees - the Regis-
and the Student 

,......, Need He." 
M.~e " deciIIoIIlodI Y_ 

ArNI Yow .... " , ..... live wltlL 
free CounseIRs And Aid ' 
Pro-lIfe l ..... HOTlINl 5IHIfl 

PRECISION CUnlNG 
SIUNCARE 

.lUWET MANICURING 

A complete RHken S .... 

Center Fee - have been raised 
in the past two yearshwould the 
AS BO ahead with a ike in the 
Actavity Fee? 

" I don't know," Eckery said. 
"It depends on who gets 
elected, what size vote they 
receive, what ideas they have 
about the AS." 

Eckery said the AS could 
approve a jump in the Activity 
Fee without approval {rom 

Ke\lia Eckery 
students in general. When 
asked if he thought students 
approve such a move, if asked 
to vote on it, he replied, "How 
many people would vote to 
raise their own taxes?" 

Marijuana 
(CPS) - Several marijuana 

advocate $roul;>s have called 
for the resIgnatIon of Dr. Peter 
Rnurne . PreRident Jimmv 
Carter's health advisor. 

The Kentucky Marijuana 
Feasibility Study, Inc . , the 
Legal Marijuana Guild, and 
Coalition A~ainst Marijuana 
Prohibition collectively called 
for Bourne's resignation after 
Bourne told a " Good Morning 
America" TV audience that the 
government shouldn' t concern 
itsel£ with paraquat content in 
marijuana . 

The Mexican government 
has been spraying marijuana 
fields with paraquat , which 
reportedly can be fatal to 
humans. Bourne said that since 
marijuana smoking is illegal, 
the government had no legiti-
mate role in attempting to 
pressure the Mexican govern-
ment to cease its spraying 
program. 

In a letter to President 
Carter Gatewood Galbriath of 
the K'entucky Marijuana 
Feasibility Study asked for 
Bourne's resignation because 
he "should be advising you on 
the health of all citizens, 
whether they be law abiding, 
misdemeanants, good guys , 
bad guys or even marijuana 
consumers. " 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Performing Live al: 

THE OUTBACK CAFE 
711 Warren Campus 

Wednesday, May 10 
Wednesday, May 17 
Wednesday, May 24 
Wednesday, May 31 

Wedn~sday, June 7 

Don Glissmeyer 
Ptay Arliln and Glenn Rankin 
Alch 86nnudez 
Special Event: 
The Ellsun Young Sand 

Sam Hinton 

All shows are free and begin at 8:30 pm. 
Telephone: 452-4581 ' (days) or 452-3092 

~yenln"J for more Info. . 
i' "'~ """""""""""'F" 

ISRAEL ACTION COMMITTEE & UNION OF JEWISH 
STUDENTS OF UCSD 

PRESENT .•• 

ISRAEL'S 30th 
INDEPENDENCE 

ANNIVERSARY 
CELEBRATION 

* Thursday, May 11, 1978 REVELLE PLAZA 
SI51 Hoi", Ct. 11:30 am-2:00 pm 

. Right by ~5~-:'~111 ... Inn ISRAELI SONG CONCERT 
10% DISCOUNT BY DEBBI PINTO 

ON SERVICES 
c ... lIh:'lu""'Qr~~Gull~IO FALAFEL, BALLOONS, T·SHIRTS ~ Of 4. ISRAELI DANCING, TRAVEL INfO .'''''11 Ihtl ad .. coupon ~NIO"ID IY "lUCID 
. . : ,~~~~~~~~~~ 

Plge3 

"Behold, what manner oflov the 
Father hath bestowed upon us, 
that we should be called the sons 
of God: ..... J John 
Christian Sdence Is bastd on the 
Bible and Science and Health 
"Ith Key to the Scriptures by 
Mary Baker Eddy. Campul 
Counselon at UCSD are Paul 
and Anne "omund. Call ' -4~3-
S217 for an appointment or 
telephone "Islt. 

IN PAPERBACK AT LAST! 

CARL SAGAN'S 
The Dragons 

of Eden 
"A history of th e human brain 
from the Big Bang, 15 billion 
years ago , to the day before 
yesterday ... . it is a delight !" 

- ew York Tim es 

, ........................................... . 

': Psychic Workshops 
: with 
i MARCELLA 
• • 
• • 
: Noted Psychic : 
• • 
: Student Center lounge : 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 

: May 10 - Wednesday 7 pm : 
· - . 
: Investigate Your Psychic Powers: 
• • 
• • 
• • : . 
: Ml:Jy 11 - Thursday 7 pm : i Your Healing Touch : 

• i Explore and Develop : 
i Your Abilities I i 
· :. 
• • 
· - . • • 
!80th days : 
i Fr •• Readings and i 
i Astrology Charts 12-2 pm i 
: : 
, ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 1. 



Mond y 
On Campus In&ervi ws: A variety of employers visit UCSD to 

Interview students for ~reer positions. Take advantage of this if 
you are expectlni your deiree soon. See your career advisor for more 
information. LO('ation: Career PlannillJ[ and Placement. 

Johnson & Jobnson: Baby Products di vision seeks Bachelor degree 
candidates, economics and management science majors and others 
with sales experience for entry level sales management training 
program for Southern California locations. Sales representatives 
receive training in product knowledge, customer service and sales 
techniques. Salaries available at time of interview. 

Padres vs, tbe Dodgers baseball game on Tuesday night, May 23. 
Advance tickets, $2.85, at Warren Provost Office until May 16. 
Sponsored by Warren Cabinet. 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UQSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. . . 

9 am-S pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free. 

Open 10 am·5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info-and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information . Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: Biology·Chemistry Clinic - Free walk·in tutoring help for 

lower division bIOlogy and chemistry courses. USB 4010 . 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Revelle: What Can Your Humanities or Social 

Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to discuss options . Please call 452-3490. 
Revelle Provost Office. 

4-5 pm: Karate. West Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
4-6 pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Class. Contact Physical 

Education Office for info - 452-4032 . Location: South Balcony of the 
Main Gym. 

5-5: 45 pm: Conditioning Workshop. Wrestling Room. 
5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
5: 30-7 pm: Belly Dance. West Balcony. 
6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. International Center. 
6-12 pm: FOCUS: Student Helpline 452-4455. Muir Commons 

Building. 
7 pm: Gay Student Association Get Together. Discussion, planning 

for next year, and conversation . Everyone welcome . North 
Conference Room. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 
Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

8: 00 pm: Associated Students Free Movies. AP&M 2113. Free. 
"Brewster McCloud. " 

8-11 pm: Israeli Folk Dancing. Instruction 8-9 pm, free dancing 9-11 
pm. Rec Gym Conference Room. Free. 

8 pm,12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information . 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

Tuesday 
Orincon Corp: Will interview Bachelors, Masters and Ph.D. degree 

candidates, undergraduate majors in computer science, math or 
engineering, with working knowledge of FORTRAN and experience 
on interactive systems for work involving preparation of computer 
codes and associated documentation in support of analytical studies 
and <Jnalysis. Also seeks Ph.D. degree canaidates for Principal 
Engineer positions which require background in KALMAN filtering , 
estimation and detection theory , signal processing , system 
identification, etc. Work includes interface with customers and 
direction of scientific programmer. Opportunities for all candidates 
include such fields as control a nd communications systems, 
operations research , computer science and electrical engineering. 
Company is located in La Jolla and seeks to be involved in work 
requiring the application and extension of state·of-the·art techniques 
from systems theory. 

Padres vs. Doo2ers baseball game on Tuesday night, May 23. 
Advance tickets, $2 .85, at Warren Provost Office until May 16. 
Sponsored by Warren Cabinet. 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755· 
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9-12: 00 pm: Recruiter from University of Utah Schools of Health 
Sci ence including Medicine, Nursing , Pharmacy , med. tech. 
Health - student and faculty positions. Please sign up in Career 
Planning and Placement. Location: Vice-chancellor's Conference 
Room, Bldg. B, Student Center. _ 

9 am-S pm: Writir g Clinic - Help With course papers. For 
appointment ca1l452-~ 522 , 1254 HL. Free . 

Open 10 am-5 pm: P age One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap . Located in Muir :;ommons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167, 

12 noon-l pm: Cont raceptive Education Session: Informational 
disc ussion; all must a ttend to receive birth control exams. No appt. 
necessary , located in conference room at Student Health Center. 

12 noon-I pm: MedItation Center of UCSD VI\didcG :>. !e ting for 
silent sitting meditatilm . Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 [or informatIOn. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12-1 pm: ConditionLlg. Wrestling Room . 
Noon·2 pm: Brown beg lunch get together for students over 30, 

Topic: Question and ,lDswer sess ion about UCSD. Revelle Informal 
Lounge. 

12-2,4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12: 30·2 pm: Sex Clini c. For individuals or couples seeking 

information or counseling about sexual concerns . Hugh Pates, 
fa cilitator. Call Yolanda at x3490 l or information and to sign up. 
Revelle Counseling Office, at Revelle Provost's Office. 

12-4 pm: Biology·Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for 
lower division biology a nd chemistry course . USB 4010 . 

1: 30 pm: Urban & Rural Studies , Third College presents Patricia 
Sa linas of the San Fra ncisco Planning Depa rtment in colloquium , 

... ,....v •. 1I7. triton times 

hat's 0 5/8-5/14 
A Weekly Guide to Campus Events 

Subject; "Urban and Regional Economics: Today's Research 
Challenges." Economics Conference Room 3216 Humanities/Lib-
rary Building. Free and open to the public. 

2: 00 pm: Colloquium. Speaker: Lily Fillmore (School of Education 
UC Berkeley) . Title: Formulaicity in Language Use and Language 
Learning. PL 2148 . 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What Can Your Humanities or Social 
Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to discuss options. Ple'ase call 452-3587 . Muir 
Apts. Lounge. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: What Can You Do With Your Major? An 
informal discussion with math, engineering and physical sciences 
advisor Maxine Bailey about various career issues. Call 452-4390. 
Third Provost Office. 

4: 00 pm: Chemical Physics Seminar, Professor M. El-Sayed of the 
Department of Chemistry, University of California, L.A. Room 2622 
Undergraduate Sciences Building. Post seminar refreshments -
Urey Room. 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. . 
4: 30 pm: Pre-Dents: Dental School Application Process. North 

Conference Room, Student Center. . 
6 pm: Women's Center general meeting. Come and meet some 

interesting people . New members always welcome. Women's 
Center, Student Center Complex. 

5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
6-12 pm: FOCUS: Student Helpline 452-4455. Muir Commons 

Building. 
6: 30 pm: Outing. Rec. Conf. Room. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is tpe first place to turn to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452·2167. 
8: 00 pm: Atomicafe - the forum for UCSD composers and 

performers will tonight debut the Atomicage Ensemble, before they 
d~part for their tour of the San Diego area, Mandeville Recital Hall . 
Free. 

8 pm,12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Eree. 

Wednesday 
Padres vs. Dodgers baseball game on Tuesday night, May 23. 

Advance tickets, $2.85 at Warren Provost Office until May 16. 
Sponsored by Warren Cabinet. 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free. 

10-11 am or 11 am-12 noon: What Can You Do With Your Major? An 
informal discussion with math, engineering and physical sciences 
advisor Maxine Bailey about various career issues. Location: Career 
Planning and Placement, Bldg. B, Student Center Complex. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One i lhe first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone 452-2167. 

Noon: UCSD Single Parents Group meets Wednesday from noon to 
1 pm in Revelle Informal Lounge to discuss topics such as "38 going 
on 17" , sexuality, children in transition, letting go of the past, the 
dating game and single parenting. Bring a sack lunch and join the 
interaction. All faculty , staff, students and community single parents 
are welcome. 

12: 00 noon: AMES 205, Seminal' No. 4, Film Series, 7104 Urey Hall. 
Film: "The Restless Earth - Earthquakes." Free. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12 noon-l pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational 

discussion; all must attend to recieve birth control exams. Noappt. 
necessary, located in conference room, at Student Health Center. 

12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: Biology·Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010 . 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Warren : What Can Your Humanities or Social 

Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor w(ll be available to discuss options. Location: Warren 
Provost Office. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What Can you Do With Your Major? An 
informal discussion with math, engineering and physical sciences 
advisor Maxine Bailey about various career issues. Location: Muir 
Apts. Lounge, 

4-5 pm: Table Tennis . Rec. Conf. Room. 
4-5 pm: Karate. West Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Class. Contact Physical 

Education Office for info - 452-4032. Location: South Balcony of the 
Main Gym. 

5 pm: Jazz Dance. West Balcony . 
5-5: 45 pm: Conditioning Workshop. Wrestling Room. 
6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. International Center. 
6 pm: Bicycle Maintenance Class . Free. Fix your own wheels , 

gears, brakes, etc. Bike Shop, the Student Center, 
6-7 pm: Law Seminar for pre-law students. Speaker: Dan Stanford, 

Attorney . Topic: Law school , law firms . Refreshments too . 
International Center. ' 

6-10 pm: Ballroom Dance. R c. ont. Room . 
6-12 pm: FOCUS: Student Helpline. 452-4455. Muir ommons 

BuHdjng. . 
7:00 pm: To know the truth about Mormonism you must ludy, 

read, ponder, then vou must sinc rely a k od , with real intent, 

having faith in Christ the 
made manifest to you. W 
Jesus Christ of Latter Day 

is not true a nd the truth will be 
lIy know about the Church of 
want to know more come to 

At the little white house the LDS Institute or as a Mo~rri 
across from Tenaya Hall. 

7-10 pm: . Lecture and W Marcella Ruble Rook. Are you 
P'sychic? History of extral-sE~nsolelrcept and through the use of 
audience-involving the opportunity to 
experience their own Center Lounge. Free. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is to turn to for info and rap. 
Located in Muir Commons, Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

7: 30 pm: "Traditions and Worship". Seminar on "What 
Christians Believe" by John Huber. University-
Community Church, Drive. 

8: 00 pm: Wednesday Mandeville Center. Hungarian 
pianist Tamas Ungar. P Bartok, Mussorgsky. In the 
Mandeville Center Audito $4 UC pers., $3 Stu/Sr. Cit. 

8 pm-12 midnigbt: The is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities rage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evenings) for upda information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free: 

8: 30 pm-IO: 30 pm: Don ""OO~.'" 
Cafe. 711 Warren Campus. 

Thursd 
AS ELECTIONSI 

performs live at the Outback 

6-7 am: Meditation Center provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Inistru. provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information . Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic 
appointment call 452-2522 . 1254 

with course papers . For 

9: 30 am: Society of Physics Important business at 9: 30. 
At 10 am presentation by Jv • ..,' ..... u;:),/U on the topic of pulsars. 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 

10-11 am or 11 am-12 noon: What Can You Do With Your 
Major? An informal discussion , engineering and physical 
sciences advisor Maxine Bailey various career issues. Warren 
Provost Office. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir '-'V' .... '"VU..~. to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

11: 00-2: 00: Israel 's 30th y: Falafel , entertainment, 
dancing. Revelle Plaza. 

12 noon-2 pm: Free by Marcella . Includes 
Celestial charts, learn your su n sign, personal 
experience of finding out ~~vw.,... Fun. Front of Crafts Center, 
Free. 

12 noon: Noon concert. """"u,,. Recital Hall. 
12 noon-1 pm: Get to know women faculty in an informal 

social setting. B your and meet Dr. Saundra 
Sturdevant, History 's Center. Free. 

12 noon-l pm: provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. 'on provided, if desired. Call 
755·5995 for information. Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12 noon-l pm: Bert nuucJ,y " oll Chair, Dept. of Phys. Ed. 
will discuss Scuba Diving at an informal brown bag 
lunch session in the Revelle Center, lower Blake Lounge. 
Lemonade and coffee will . Part of an on going Revelle 
Program Board " Faculty NO()o, •• maI Series ." Open to all. 

12-2 pm: Conditioning. 
12-2 pm, 4-6 ;vrnn:lshCS. Balcony. 
12-4 pm: - Free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division and courses . USB 4010. 
1-3 pm: Belly Dance pra I Center. 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: Your Humanities or Social 

Sciences Major Do For You? Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to options. Please call 452-4390 . 
Location: Bldg. 412, Room 13, 

2: 00 pm-4: 30 pm: Urban and Studies Student Organization 
presents An Insider's Guide to School (or anyone involved 
in early GS preparation. are related to the social 
sciences. At 2 pm work are Search Strategies , 
Application Process, and w Sessions . At '3: 30 pm a 
Fellowship workshop will be up at Urban/Rural Studies 
Office, 411 Matthews : Chancellor's Complex, Rm. 
lllA. 

3: 00: OASIS Target Study ry Search Strategies. HL 
2100 Free. 

3: 00 pm: Organizational of the UCSD Chapter of the 
American Marketing Assn . students interested in a future 
in the business area. East Student Center. 

3: 30-5 pm: Graduate - This group for graduate 
students will focus on i social concerns. Dan Munoz 
and Susan Hauer, facilitators. . I information and to sign 
up call Dan Munoz at x3585. Humanities & Social Sciences 
Building. 

4-5 pm: Karate . North Ha IICOUl. 
4-6 pm: Yoga . Adaptive 
6 pm: Advanced Bicycle nce Class. For the slightly 

skilled bike rider/ mechanic - own bike. Bike Shop, the 
Student Center. Free. 

6-9 pm: Biology-Chemi Free walk-in tutoring help for 
lower division biology and _L. •. _ -v COur e . USB 4010. 

6·12 pm: FOCUS: Student in . 452-4455. Muir Common 
Building, 

7 pm: Surf Club meeting. 
7·9 pm: Juggling . Rec. Conf. 

7-10 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info a nd rap. 

Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452·2167. 
7-10 pm: Lecture and Workshop on "Your Healing Touch" by 

Marcella. Metaphysical Aspects of Health and Self-Healing. Simple 
energy maintenance techniques . Discussion of the dynamics of 
spiritual healing. Student Center Lounge. 

7: 30 pm: Free Movie: A showing of "Brother Sun, Sister Moon" -
the life of St. Francis of Assisi. Sponsored by Alpha Omega Alliance. 
USB 2722. Free. 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments and activities that encourage interaction. Phone: 452-
3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

8: 30-11: 00 pm: Lewis Michaelson and Lee Norman return to the 
Side Door with an even better show than ever. VG Donuts, coffee, 
food anp drink will be available, so stop by and check it out. Free. 

10: 30 pm: Ice Hockey. Mira Mesa House of Ice . 

Friday 
Padres vs, the Dodgers baseball game on Tuesday night, May 23. 

Advance tickets, $2.85 , at Warren Provost Office until May 16. 
Sponsored by Warren Cabinet. 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755· 
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 amoS pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522 . 1254 HL. Fre~ . 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

10-11 am or 11 am-12 noon: Revelle: What Can You Do With Your 
Major? An informal discussion with math, engineering and physical 
sciences advisor Maxine Bailey about various career issues. 
Location: Revelle Provost Office. 

K~ Wally 
Koalumn 

Oe.r K. Wally, All contronnlal featu," of n_.paper c:arrler. Lightening 
hili twice the antagonlill In thl ... fely affort c:ould or would not perpetrate 
peder_Iy. W_ .trangllng abendoned? 

Lova, Confu .. d 
Dear ConI used, Was Abandoned, But could not or would not -the ruined 

tank and the jet luel - the strangulation and death, the only substantive 
leature belore the destroyers ... asbestos screeningl But rather than letting the 
bill die the personal managers agreed to any olthe amendments. "ljecauS8 our 
company would rebuild, that secure employment for (during overhauls) risk 
being identified as part of Miss Herstein. Opposition (personal) less than four 
returning guilty, "I t seems that lightening strikes here," officials said, and 
another show business per. 

OM' K. Wally, The only lubl"ntl.e f .. ture II that that tank that WII _ra 
ac:tually an.erlne. Mil _me that Ilghtanlnll.trlk .. hera," otflc: ...... Id, when 
tha poIHIc:aI heat rI.ke are belnilidentiftad .. p .. 01 the Navy. Anyway, my 
qu .. non I.: A phy.lc:al ex..., progrem (ours) 119 ..... to eny Imendm." .. , 
optional, phyllCIII .... d other thow bull_, penonlllU .. , and tllent agenc:lea 
bHldea. Will they 'UfYtw, will ttt., become vlc:tima of on_"lm, or I. thll lu.l 
partpttr .... ? 

-Yours truly, No one w .. ha,.., 
Dear Dsculator, Has a wide ranging effort, to reach a Ing to other tanks. 

Search to find an asbe!ttos, a provision they bitterly high water. The students 
under the same rool, Is that that tank was atmosphere. Disappeared while 
delivering an afternoon. Treat this time and try again next manpower. The 
lIames spread - have a particular high - forcing on the final day of the south, 
the same place it hit. No One was hurt. The Navy (defined as a physical exam 
program of jet fuel storage facilltiy) , "The action represented a victory." And 
the talent agencies and regulated by personalities, talent agenices and under a 
foot and unions, protect! Rope, . 

Dea, Hartey Rabbll, Thl. h .. ,.ally be«! botherlnlllM. Would tha comp .... y 
,abulld III c:ontroftral .. feetu,... In the fta"," Ipread by the antagonl ... on the 
flnal day of being .t,anded In .c:hool? 

-Slnc.,..1y YOUI'I, We'll keap our fingers c:r~ 
Dear Cross, Strangling, quelle prolonged Ortho Matress. Butspreading the 

dust into the articles to protect storage tank holding Fresno were between the 
"We'!1 keep our fingers crossed," and newspaper carriers. Sought without 
success LIGHTENING HITS TWICEI Said supporters and thus hamper Its 
performance of clothing and equipment. 

O .. r Kay, Id II lnelpugnabla, The onl, ,uHlanllY.laalu,.. of th" paper I. 
your koalumn. Why, rather th .... leHI", the bill dl., and thua hamper Ita 
performance, profeaaorl power thll aplc:adlum with thel, IIva ..... d their 
epec:lal training bec:au .. we',. .1111 burning but firemen. Wouldn't you?Whe,.. 
ARE the dlNppaartd of y .. laryear? 

Dear Snowden, The costs near a reservoir west of here moved from 
lightening struck when the political heat has (and time necesary) has for a 
thorough rolled over Arlo pace. Alabama HOllywood battle the tank again but 
special training the asbestos material is legislative attempt. Another Insulation 
two days later in brush watered down version of labor. It contained 320,000 
gallons of Compromise. Transler regulation of musician were stili burning, but 
Ilremen rear ended the state. To regulate the deliberated with a different 
design, groups waste control 01 Industrial relations against David. This safety 
effort Includes blood soaked first degree murder. Teen age were knocked out 
and was convicted to protect the rape of Janet. Verdicts I 

OMr Kay Wally, lorry to h .. r ,OU era moving. What'l becoma 01 our lit .... " 
tradltlont tocIey? 
-lowe, Loal In tha Ozone, 

Dear Irlend. and relders, Alas alack we love you ali no maner your 
political, sexual, or ethnic preferences. Please write us questions to either 
KSDT or the Triton Times, both B-016, UCSD. or cali us at 452-9335. We 
care if you do. And remember. 

10: 15 am: Ice Skating. Ice Capades Chalet. 
Noon: Colloquium: Frank Hoff, Assoc. Prof. at the University of 

Toronto (Canada) will speak on "A Private Time in Public: an 
ae'!lthetic of the audience experience." Event co-sponsored by CME 
and the Dept. of Literature. 408 WC. Free. 

12 noon-I pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation offlce, Student 
Center. . ., 

12-1 pm: Weight Maintenance Group. ThIS group WIll use a 
behavior modifica tion approach toward maintaining desired weight. 
It will include re-learning of eating patterns, and behaviors 
associated with food and eating will be taught. Sharing of solutions, 
group problem-solving anti discussion will go on. 412 Warren 
Campus. Call x3755. Diane Evans, facilitator. 

12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12-4:00 pm: T.G.I.F.: Come to the Revelle Community Center for 

pizza and snacks. Revelle Community Center. 
12-4. pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010, 
1: 00·3: 30 pm: UCSD Job Connection Workshop, A novel 3 hour 

experience that connects your skills and preferences, with what's 
available in today's job market. Sign up at CP&P or call 452-4390. 
Location: Center for the People, Third College. 

3: 00 pm: Student Faculty Get Together sponsored by Economics 
and Management Science Students Association. Revelle Formal and 
Informal Lounges. 

4-5 pm: Karate . North Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. R~m . . 
4-6 pm: Disabled Students Gymnasllcs Class. Contact PhYSIcal 

Education Office for info - 452-4032 . Location: South Balcony of the 
Main Gym. 

5 pm-midnight: Need a quiet, supportive place to study on Friday 
nights? Students for Supportive Allopathic Study (SSAS) will open 
Garren Auditorium, BSB 1105, to all UCSD students as ii study hall on 
Fridays from 5 pm·12 midnight. All are welcome. BSB 1105, 

6-12 pm: FOCUS: Student Helpline. 452-4455. Muir Commons 
Building. -

7 & 9: 30 pm: Friday Night Films presents "The Marathon Man." 
USB 2722. Admission $1.25. 

7: 30 pm: Alpha Omega Alliance lecture on Cosmic Astrology and 
its influence on Higher Consciousness. Muir Bio Bldg. Rm. 1103. 
Free. 

7:30 pm: " Harlan County, U.S.A." Academy Award - Best 
Documentary. Powerful film account of the struggle of Kentucky 
Coal Miners . TLH 107. 

8:00 pm : Bass Festival. Chamber music with contra bass. 
Mandeville Center B210. Free. 

Saturday 
9 am: " Planning a Career in Real Estate", a UC; San Diego 

Extension workshop dealing with skills and resources necessary for 
success. 9 am-4 pm Sat. Rm 107, Third Lecture Hall Bldg., Third 
College Campus, UCSD. Fee: $40. Bring a bag lunch. 

1: 00 pm: New pedagogical material and idea. Bass Festival. 
Mandeville Center B210 . Free. 

2: 00 pm: Bass Festival. Contrabass concerto. Mandeville Center 
B210. Free. 

2~00-5:00 pm: A symposium on Philosophical Issues in the Bakke 
Case, " Preferential Treatment" . Public lecture by Richard 
Wasserstrom, Professor of Law ano Philosophy, UCLA with 
discussion by Paul A, Brest, Professor of Law, Stanford, Alan D, 
Freeman, Professor of Law, University of Minnesota, and Jeffrie G. 
Murphy, Professor of Philosophy, University of Arizona. Room 1330 
HSS. 

4: 00 pm: Bass Festival. Improvised music. Mandeville Center 
B210. Free. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 

5 pm-12 midnight: Need a quiet place to study Saturday night? 
Students for Supportive Allopathic Study, a student organization 
open to all UCSD students, will open Garren Auditorium BSB 1105 as 
a'study hall on Saturday nights. All are welcome , BSB 1105. 

6-12 pm: FOCUS: Student Helpline. 452-4455. Muir Commons 
Building. 

8: 00 pm: Bass Festival. Bert Turetzky and friends. Mandeville 
Center B210. Free. 

8: 30 pm: Harem Night at the International Center. Sponsored by 
the Belly Dancing Club. Admission $3. 

8: 30 pm: The Campus Program Board presents The Moving 
Company Dance Concert at the Mandeville Auditorium. $3 Students; 
$5 GA. 

Sunday 
8: 30 am: CathoHc Mass . University-Community Church. 
10: 00 am: Guitar folk mass and ecumenical panel during the 

Lutheran worship hour. University·Community Church, 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Drive. 

10: 30 am: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
l2: 03 pm: Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community Church, 

9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
1 pm: Center for Psychological Revolution. Introductory video-

discussion programs on a new way to organize life. 1529 Hornblend 
Street, Pacific Beach. 273-4673. Free. 

1: 00 pm: Bass Festival . Contrabass sonnata. Mandeville Center 
B210. Free. 

3: 00 pm: Bass Festival. Contrabass choir . Mande . Ie Center B210. 
Free. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church, 
6-9 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk·in tutoring help for 

lower division biology and chemistry cour s . USB 4010. 
6·12 pm: FOCUS: Student Helpline. 452 5:; . tluh OIllUlOll 

Building. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One i the first place to turn to for info and ra~ 

Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & DIme. Phon : 452·2167. 
8 pm-I2 midnight: The Outback Cafe i a comfortable gath ring 

place for tud nt which offer nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refre hments, and activitie that encourag interaction. T I phon : 
452-3092 ( vening ) for updat d program information. 711 Warren 

ampu . Fr . 



WORLD 
INMANYWAYSI 

:Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
'Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 
chartE!rs listed, escorted tours, air/sea 
cruises, mini vacations. 
Call no\A!., 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
'821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours,' 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

... Client Protection 
United ia '1"; Inc. 

THE 
SWORD OF 

SHANNARA IS 
NOW WITHIN 
YOUR GRASP. 

The Fantasy 
Bestseller of the 

~ade -Nowat 
a New Low Price! 

T1?eS,",rd 
SJ,a.;.,ara 
An Epic Fantasy by TERRY BROOKS 
Every spellbinding. word. every magical illustration. 
in a new edition every fantasy-lover can alford. 

A OVER 5 MONTHS ON THE NEW 

. 

~. YORK TIMES BESTSELLER LIST ffi3:j ON LY $2.50 wherever paperbacks ;Ire SOld. 
BOOK Published by Ballantine 

THE UCSD BELlY DANCE CLUB PRESENTS 

MIDDLE EASTERN MUSIC AND DANCING 

~~~ ~\~~ 
~'J> SATURDAY, MAY 13 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER, $2.50 (includes refreshments) 

... humus, pita bread, baklava, stuffed grape leaves ... 

TICKETS ON SALE AT THE U SO BOX OFFICE 
-recreational athletics-

MoncIIy. Me, • 1171 

Sports 
Tritons dominate Pt. Lorna Tourney 

by Karen Hun&er 
Staff WrI&er 

Will the winner of the Point Loma Individual 
title be Bill Hein or Jon Gerdsen? The two UCSD 
tennis aces will find out this afternoon in the 
'final match oCthe tournament. Gerdsen will also 
be participating in the finals match of doubles 
competition as he teams up with his partner, 
Paul Metsch, to face Point Loma's Alan Care 
and Je(( Grimn. 

Both Gerdsen and Hein advanced to the finals 
by beating top players from po. int Lorna, 
Dominguez Hills, Westmont and USIU. Gerdsen 
defeated Dominguez Hills, Westmont and USIU . 
Ger<tsen defeated Dominguez Hill's number one 
player, Mark Boren, 6~, 7-5 in a third round 
match. He met Allen Care in the semifinals, 
trouncing him, 6-3, 6-2 . "Jon came throufh a 
tough field playing extremely we I ," 
commented TrIton coach, Tad Yamaguchi. 

Hein was pitted against Steve Tennis, one of 
the better players in the district and the 
tournament ' s number three seed, in the 
semifinals . Nonetheless , Hein.literally 
exhausted Tennis, 7~ , 6-7, 2-1. "Tennis was 
ready to collapse. Bill's conditioning really 
helped him," Yamaguchi remarked. 

The tournament's number one seed, Paul 

Softball sweep 

Metsch of UCSD, won his first match on Friday 
morning, 6-2, 6-2 . However, due to a midterm 
that conflicted with his second round match, 
Metsch was forced to default. 

In doubles action Hein and Jack Broudy 
paired up to make it to the semifinals, winning 
their first two matches easily, 6~, 6-3 and6-3 , 6-
2, In the semifinals match, the duo met Griffin 
and Care, lOSing 6-7 , 7-6 , 6-1. "It was almost an 
all UCSD finals ," commented Tad Yamaguchi. 
" HeiD and Broudy just didn't playas good as 
they could have." 

Metsch and Gerdsen advanced to the finals by 
defeating Tennis and HjUs of Point Loma, 6-1,1-
6, 6-1. They now face Griffin and Care for the 
doubles title. 

Coach Yamaguchi's predictions of a UCSD 
team victory have been fulfilled, no matter what 
the outcome of the doubles rna tch is ... I think ou r 
chances are better than SOl 50' to win it all," he 
added. If so, the team will bring back three 
trophies; singles, doubles, and team . 

The team now will prepare for the important 
N AlA District III ChampIOnships to be held next 
weekend at Redlands. The team is expected to 
make a strong showing and advance to the 
nationals in Delaware, Ohio. . 

McGirr allows 4 hits in 3 games 
by Kitty Robinson 

Copy Editor 
In the top of the fourth inning 

of the first UCSD women ' s 
softball game against Stanford 
Saturday, a Stanford player 
Singled against UCSD pitcher 
Eileen McGirr. McGirr pitched 
ber way out of the inning easily, 
but as the Triton team came In 
from the field they looked 
unhappy. . 

" I understand now," coach 
Chuck Millenbah said to the 
team. "Otber teams get upset 
when they ar~ losing by five 
runs. You get upset when the 
other team gets a hit against 
you ." 

Even is this is true , the 
women's softball team does not 
have much to be upset about. In 
the three games they played 
Friday and Saturday, they 
scored a total of 23 runs, and 
McGirr allowed the competi-
tion only four hits . UCS D 
defeated LaVerne College 10-1, 
and beat Stanford in both 
games of a doubleheader, 6~ 
and 7-1 . 

Six errors by LaVerne and 
good hitting by Cindy Zimmer-
man and Mary Jo Speer 
accounted for the Friday win. 
Although UCSD only amassed 
five hits, one was a homerun by 
Zimmerman in the third inning, 
on which Erin A'Hearn and 
Brigit Morley both scored. The 
same inning Speer and Mi-
chelle Frost both doubled and 

scored on an error and a wild 
pitch. 

The only run LaVerne scored 
was when Kathy McPeek hit a 

over Lori 

RECENT GRADS 
in computer related fields 

(APIS, AMES, Physics, Math, Economics) 

Sign-up at Career Planning 
& Placement for Job Interviews 

this Thursday, May 11 
with 

for entry level and trainee positions 
For appointments Sperry Rand Corporation 
contact Gareer Planning 4393 Viewridge Ave. 
and Placement San Diego, CA 92123 
452-3750 268-3600 

Goldfarb's head, and scored on 
a hit by Jackie Lewis. Against 
Stanford on Saturday, UCSD 
was faced with the toughest 

Please turn to 7) 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
*tOw COST 
*CONFI DENTIAL 

·STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute I 

28~7381 

triton timu P8-9. 7 

Classifieds 
personals 

t;"dUSI\'e restauMioRl looldRi for ,fCrlOUIJ versaul .. 
femille \ lollnl II Call %915·1494 Hi "I 

JOHS JOBS JOBS Tht' ~1ulr De.m', UIII('e und 
PJg~ On Un! IoOklna for Jnudenl uwarernu. 
"nthUSIC6SU to lippI)' for MUir De ... n Intern uoo P~Kt" 
o ne coordinatorshlp pos ition s for lhf' next 
.1I'udemlt' )'t'ur Job ~S('n~tl~1 und apphCIJUOnb 

re available III the Student Emplo) ment Offices ~OW'" iK'adline 10 reut'h the MUI r Dean ', Orfl('f' I 
f'nd,l ) . Mtl) 12th. 151111 

PuddleJ'hOpe this week i$ bettef [ven lhouah you 
haven' t Men in my bed, you 'ye been IR my thouahLl . 
TO (5/1) 

STEPHf:N DWYf:R! You ha ve won 2 tickets to the 
Movln. Company! Pick them up ~'/ln" hOUfi at the 
Sl : enter BOll ornC't~ 

DU 'CAN GURLE\'! You hs\'t" 'oIo'on 2 ticket&: to lhe 
MOVing om~ny! Pick them upw h n4ahourJat the 
St Center Box omeel 

DOUGLAS HOM ~ You have won 2 tlckelS to the 
M()\'lng Company! Piekthem upw/ in4lhoursat the 
St Cenlt' r Box Office' 

LAURIE BELL' You have won 2 tickets to ttle 
MO\lInI Company' Pickthemupw/ in41hoursnt the 
51 Center Box Ofriee' 

WAYNE KONG! You have won % tickets to the 
Moving Company' PICk them up w/ ln4' hours at the 
St. Center Box Office' 

MAUREEN LONG' You have won 2 llc~elS to the 
MOYlna Company' Pick them upw/ in4.hourJat the 
St Center Box OUiee! 

Herppy Berthder. Mrrnicer' Lerua lerve, Beeck)' 

Colle,e La supposed to be run. so why am I not haY '"1 
any" Call FOCUS Helpline 452 ..... SS 

A Day on Warren Court~ A ~nle-r for , War~n 
Campus? YesYesVtI! Dean Frot dedIcation May 
13th 1' 00 

Tradition Day! What i. It " Come and enjoy alilhe 
tun and u,citement this Saturday 

Ma), 13th Wa rren·.Tradltion Day. Sl,n up rOT team 
.. Ad Individual tames In Warren Provost Office 

CHARTERS 
NEW YORK $189 to 

199 
$179 to 

199 
$399 to 

449 fhghls o( 2, 3. 4. 5 & 6 weeks 
Slarilng mid·April 

tunaonKONG 

Slarilng May W.ekly !hghls 
df 2 3 4. 5. & 6 weeks dural lon 

$499 to 
529 

$399 to 
449 

$429 to 
419 

$479 to 
499 

fly III Dill city , htum from thl oCIItr, 

LONDON' PARIS 
LONDON' ROME 

479 
499 

PARIS' ROME 489 
Startil1l end III April. Weeldyftllhts 
of J r. 4 .I.S durllion. 
All' Charters round trip from Los 
An,ellS. 

7815 Ivanhoe 
Phone 

45f.OI44 

for sa e' 
CHEAP WI' EELS Tht! Rlul' Bomb tiS liUltk 
Wildcat . tire!. enllne, AM tiC' 'ItGorbt-IH tUtl'r b 
pm 291·1'" 15 /11 
76 Jeep super clean. 10"" miles , 6 c)'l lfl~r . stick 

met~lhc brown, roll bar. \,Inyl top 'dOOrl. lopm4l,s 
, bll wheels. Ca n ~ seen lit fllf·GO station 36Sl 
l ' nl\'erslty A\'e . OF l'all 113·7668 S4800 15111 
35mm Cilnnon G·3 Exlnt condillon \01, Ith Sunp<J k 
aUto !lash. case, and warrant) Sl00 tall John 4S3-
1200 151 11 

R ~'AnS speed reading (.'ourSE U ~1f prieto 180 Tut.'li 
m;es: al 6 pm thl qtr On (' .unpu Itll'hard .11 · 1351 
15/ 1) 

EN Df:R STRATOCASTER with c •• elallen nut 
set. Winng jwU c lea ned Call Paul at ~5.(t164 ~fM). 
151101 

Metrosound 1510 AM / FM cass W'lh auto reverse-toe 
dx. !II mono, lock ff' and RW. Used 1 month and 
complete with all orallnal packlne maleMa ls ' 100 
. 52-026& eves. (S/I OI 

10 .fial ,50 jPOru convenlble69000 mi Ene m it at 
44iOOO New baller)" murner, Beaut)' ~xltrl0r " in' 
Runs very " 'ell. dependable 4c tun. E\.'erylhma: 
works well , SkiP 273-4143, 4S3·7500 x3713 (work' 
(51101 

F'em»lt! NOn}.lh.' nt"eded for ummt'f IltOm)Onth 
O~ n rocm I, bloc:'k to be.ll'h l.wl "1ar 411 1364 
t'\enlng 15/11 

Hoom dUfine . ummer Pn. bath . Irae h\' nn and 
IlItt h , view or b .. y Nf'" S1SS/ rna Call t\'elt 212· 
7t 1115' 11 

Ntw Condo for Hent 2 SR, wllhpool. lenmti , J8culzi 
iara.~ !'tear ('umpu. $35O/ mo, C .. II 459·46'" 
LJ Pltt)nlor TlAnhs 3 SH . I', 8th , unfum. drllpt.'s 

c~rpt!'t . refria, pallO, near J,)001 Rent 396 / mQ~!itart 
IllS Tel d o,l )' 291 · 5755 eve 459 U4QS 11'69 1 

FurnIShed room nonh la Hoe.m ont area kitchen 
pn\'ileat' I , pn \'~ue entrance. nice house . 5100 m · 
5396 15/ 121 

ummer rental, sinlle and double room.s In ~J 
Mar, I block trom the beach. ",, 20·' 150. Available 
June 21 , POSSibility of year lease Call7ss.14OA and 
ask tor Andrew or o lin (TSAI 

Rooma te needed to share 3 bdnll wll other students 
ont' male and one ... ·oman in Cardifr, J%S mO.C811 436· 
:l35t 

KIS(I Tl'T tickets Mil)' 17 11 . 00 !\t."e(j de ""rdle l) 
to I((ide lor a luter dJte Call J)~ ~ ",1 298 2454 
t!\' • ,51151 

services 
T)ptnsc-e ~rJt!l\("t"d rehcable . rea.sondbll' JH\i 
( 'Qrn:4.:1mg St'lt'\.lnc C ... II am IImt.' ~'() 1 27 M~ 
Olds 16191 

TYPING' IBM St>1edrtC:tenn pa, ·' r'lt theses , PhD 
dl wrtHllon~. t·dlllfllJ HlISH JOB 453--fl656 560· 
MI11. ;!8f;-4Y;1b " fI~H ~" 11'1/ 9, 

PROrF.SSIO~AL TVPJ:-';G . reasonuble rale-8 
\ ' lilas ... St-4..'n.-t: .. trloll, It05 Prospt.."C.IIWl 250 I ...... JOUd 
.. 5-46J16 ITBA I • 

GUITAR LESSON . Fulk, modern, dauK:al. On 
campus locallon Call ~~9(24 , ($1'1 

" Palt LtV" RelreNaon Seminar" lind out ~w 
u ptonn. past lives throuah meditatIve re,rHlJOft 
can enhance your preaenl hte Gently luided by 
Ell wonh Ambrol May lIlh ud MiY Lzth , 6~mto 
II pm. f60. lruroductory Lectur .. may 8th. May 
10th. 7 30 pm 53 at Catamaran Hottl , »9t MUIi )Oft 
Blvd Sponso .. d by IIIe Un" ... »1 Corele 01 The 
Mandala Soclet)' f"or :nlonnatJon call TomLovt 
Gabriel 'l9I-17Ol. 1"1) 
TYPING f:.p. term papers. roportl . mllC !lOt PI 
IBM earb nbOOn Call Bf:E 753-7356 ICIiP Ad) 
15/11 

TYPING - Rf:ASONABLf: RATE:S Relumes. 
thesi • . ~rm pape,... manuscriptl. etc Please call 
4511·~23 lost & found 
l...Mt . Ntl( Hllh School rlna Trojan head on pearl 
gem cia of 1975 Jrutla ll GL on It return to TT 

W'omen's softball ... 
(Continued from page 6) 

21emal. roommates n""".d '" lurnished G ... ee left both when McGirr struck 
HI&hl'dl condo own room,. no smokers CaU ' 55- defensive team they 've played out the next two batters in a 
1471 15/ 11 all year. J anice Yip wen~ two 

wanteo for four in the game, hlttmg row . CSD A'Hearn I'n the second I'nnl'ng With a shaky 2-1 lead. U 7t Datsun 1200 Deptndable andecononllcal Exlnl btl' . t h 
In ll out. mechsound. 4spd ,30mpl. norepa".Low f ULLTIMEWORKfor pr.·prof.lSlonal,tudents dd bl ' ( dl terscoring at ers ca me a Ive ID e 

.- an ou 109 an a bottom of the sl'xth I'nnl'ng, WI'th blue book I I050, Askin' I II50 , Sklp27H1" . 453·7~ Earn you r ",dependence Bnd Iravol thl! summer )' h f rth F t 
.3731 I worK! . It 's. lood d eal 1511 01 Into",i ... 1 held, Ca ll 459-<1396 15/.11 on an error lD t e ou . ros a double by Frost and a pair of 

I tripled in the thi rd , and trave Id McGI' rr' ssl' nglel' nth~cleanup si ng les by A ' Hearn and I'm 100k-lO& ror ~ .. arm. wise. acl l\{' youna u ) r.;: T b 
C lf: f: an noun e •• new . a pP luv.d ONE· WA\· "'lthklnkysenseolhuOlurtohelpwithbook Mu","" spot brought in two in the. first Zimmerman. wo su sequent 
CHARTERS! Confirmed seat. e.nnow bobookod10 ",I11O,togooulSldeth."IO,'.nllonalforguOO.lOr, hi t f walks loaded the bases, and 
P.". , Amsterdam. Zurich' Pri ..... bogln at 1245 Lit . • xp. unnee $5 hr. Ir lOg. benefits. 2J2· IW to bring t e tota runs 0 SIX or McGirr, with an attitude of " ifl 
flVm San Fra ncisco/ Los Anlel ... 1199 IlVm New that game. 
York fl yinl round·trip the price 100• down when - Malhem.llclan IPhlJ or M.st .... ' .xpen wltnf , T he second game afainst can' t win it pitching, I'll win it 
you combine any two ClEf: /lights thai suit your n..-de<! for Jul)' t".1 Must be familia r 1~llh S ta n ford was eve n c ose r . with my bat," hit a triple to 
schedule: 5e1e<'t your own route! Come see UI at c~ rvt!'ntry and roor (r..tmln, Ca ll t; .... r~ ~Iose l' ut th 
ClEf: St udenl Trani Servlres UCS D Student 755-<1161 151101 Through five innnings, UCSD score ree runs . 
Center B·023 Llo J ol1 • . CA9'1093 17 141 452-D630. Opt'n scored only two runs and four UCSD's final game befo.re the 
weekIlloY. flVmlt .3, ITSA , . hl'ts . Stanfordscoredinthefifth All-Cal tourn. amen.t Will be 

Fn.-e IURl'h lO anyone p ro\ Idmc IDe Ii Imroondl\,ln& Mdt P t L 
BUOK O~ CAMPl:S' F.urope H.w. 1I und !'it'" dt. In Hawa .. Brut.., 452·0453 eve K""p trying inning when Sarah Smith got on on ay, agams OlD oma 
hrk Chart.r Flllhts CIEE Student Trov. 1. b th ' error by the College. If ther win that game 
Student Ctnter 8-c"J Opt'n weekd.)'I1H C.1I 45l· a.se on a rowmg the team WI' I be the second 
0630 16/ 91 third baseman Almiil.Edwards , .. housl'ng Wanted SubjectslorBr.IOW.v ... pts, inMedical and scored on a wiftfpitch by women steam m lDtercolle-~~~ :~~~/~'I n .ht·handed . $2.50/ hr Call McGirr. In the sixth inning giate history to go undefe.ated 
1"'1 Mar beaeh house for rent " . ning lat< Jun. ~ St f d got a hit and then got for the season. ~he game Will be 
bo.<lrooms ) • • "I<.se. cal1 12131 ~9I t5tH a fwr7 pm KIOI Tut ticket Pl .... . olltlekots 10 parent for anhor b but at Matthews Field at 3 pm. 
iTBA I k)d. e •• erto ..... hiblt.CaI1T.ri.t 755~1 15/121 anot er on ase on an error, 

**************************************************************: 
: by Marantz : 
: e'( sco\le : 
: ~~ : ~ ~ ~ . 
.. O~ • ~ . 
-; - ~ -- -~' .;"",.c, - AM / FM Stereo Receiver f 
? V 20 Watts Per Channel '?' 
.. . '-= Sugg. Retail U09.t5 .. ! r~O': ~~~:. $179.95 : 
• -J .. .. . 
.. 0' .. .. . 
• 35 Watts per Channel • 
.. n SUIII. Reteil un.ls ~ • 
:; -...J Pn~e· 239.95 : ~ ~ ACE $ 0 ~ 
: CI) Sennhei •• r Headphone. : 
.. lightweight but tough , Comes .. 
.. with 12 Month Warranty . 0 • 
il Sugg. Retail .40.25 0 • 
: 'p~~:. $31.95 p- : 
.. . .. 

... ~ 
~ . . 
• (orne in and listen for yourself. • 
.. . 

: SUPERSCOPE® : 
: BY ............... Z ® : 
.. . 
• SMS-540 • 
• Deluxe S ... Music S,.... • 
: with Cassette Recorder/Player We also stock a Complete Line : 
• 'utili· RetaB U41.IS of Recording Tape and Electronic ~ 
: ~~. $299.95 Accessories for your shopping convenience. : 
• • 
· .. .. . 
.. .. 
.. .. 

.. .. 

.. ~ 
: Available at: ~ 
.. . 
.. ~ 
.. .. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 

~ 
(Good May 8-12/78) 

............................................................... 
• I 



...... 

.,--------- ------------~---~ : EA N 53.50/hour : 
: Full or part-ul\le work to disbibute the 1978 : 
:Zlp Code DirecfDties in your own area. • 
.·Flexible hours around school schedule : 
: *Work at your uwn pace : 
: ·Summer openings available now : 

~ _______ ~}Y~ZI~'11Q ________ ! 

UCSD TENNIS CLUB 
SPRING TOURNAMENT 

SATURDA~ MAY J3 
and 

SUNDAY, MAY J4 
12:00 NOON - 7:00 PM 

UCSD TENNIS COURTS-MUIR 

~ FEE: One new con Wi/sen, Dunlop or Spaulding balls 
(bring with ~ to firs'-match) 

EVENTS: SINGLES ONLY 

DIViSIONS: 
A - INTERMEDIATE to AINANCED 
B - BEGINNING to IHTERMEDfATE 

SIGN UP IN 
~ RECREATION OFFICE 

BEGINNING MAY J 

Plan 10 att«ld the "pat/udc. - immediately 
following the fournament 

trftDn tima ... ...., .... ' •• 1.71 

Arts/Entertainment · 
Featurin three UCSD rads 

Images from the world of vision 
Currently on display in the 

Other Gallery are paintings by 
three UCSD Visual Arts 
graduate students: Elizabeth 
Guheen, Heidi Hardin and Jim 
Randall. These three artists 
have in common an interest in 
depicting images from the 
world of visual experience. In 
each case, however, the visual 
world is explored and exploited 
for different reasons and to 
serve diffe~ent ends. 

The majority of Elizabeth 
Guheen's large-sized paintings 
investigate the pattern-like 
possibilities of aerial photo-
graphs . These images are 
used as the structural and 
visual base upon which Ms. 
Guheen builds up a play of 
subdued color areas and 
chalked-in references to 
buildings, automobiles, roads 
and . other elements of man-
....................... ., 
: Happy 8-Day : 

~ * Rani * : 
...... :¥:* ......... ~ 

~." •• ' .......................... ' ..... '~A ...... , • 
I ( 

,~'COMMUNITY( 
JBLOOD~ 
.~ 983 India ! 

~ 327 F Street ; 
i PAYS DONORS t ( ! 
, for Service I,: 
I Mon . · Fri . 
; ' 233·5481 i 
,i '. 234·4601 : ~~~ ............................... ~.,..l-...... -.C 

~ - ---.. 

occupied landscapes. This is 
done is such a way that the 
various incidents in the 
paintings may be seen as 
aspects ' o'f some abstract 
decorative pattern or as 
elements which depict some 
possible geographic site . 
Similar in technique and in its 
interest in pattern is a large 
work which " portrays " 
animal-cracker creatures . 
These creatures, hover in a 
dark, unspecified region which, 
one suspects, is where such 
beasts must reside before 
enterin~ the cookie mill; or 
else, it IS that place where the 
stuff of imagination goes while 
waiting for life to be dreamed 
back into it. 

Heidi Hardin 's paintings , 
small and intimate in scale, 
present scenes from her 
childhood; specifically from 
the year 1959 when she was six 
years old. Two or three images 
from each of the four seasons of 
that year are depicted: sitting 
for a group portrait with her 
second grade class, playing in 
the snow with a friend, a swim 
in the river. a family gathering. 
Derived from family photos, 
the scenes convey a sense of the 
wonders of being young; and, in 
a marvelous way, these 
feelings are paralleled in the 
construction of the images . 
These images are dominated 
by simple shapes , vibrant 
colors, and thick globs of paint 
that may not feel so very 
different for the painter to 
handle than a good mud pie. 
The paintings convey the 
charm, and direct-

ness of experience that one 
likes to remember - with a bit 
of nostalgia in Ms. Hardin's 
case - as being the way life felt 
then. 

There also exists an autobio-
graphical aspect to the work of 
Jim Randall . The majority of 
his paintings depict figures in 
his studio; one of whom, not 
surprisingly, is himself. Thus 
the figures are surrounded by 
cans of paint, book shelves 
other paintings and the white 
plaster and grey concrete walls 
of ~is studio. The visual quality 
of these raw wall surfaces 
exists in his paintings in the 
scrubbed, arid thinness of the 
color he applies to canvas. Less 
austere and more vigorously 
executed are a series of colorful 
sketches of a woman sitting in a 
chair. In these paintings on 
paper (or ''' drawings on 
paper", for Randall seems to 
hover near the perhaps 
imaginary line which separates 
these two modes of working) 
there is both a bolder use of 
color and a greater involve· 
ment in the gestures of 
drawing. The larger success 
that these works achieve is a 
conveying of the sense of 

. vitality an artist experiences in 
the formation of images and the 
manipulation of paint. 

ThiS well arranged and 
rewarding exhibition closes on 
Friday, May 12. 

The Other Gallery is located 
. in the Humanities Library, 
Room 1200. It is open from 12 
noon to 5 pm, Monday through 
Friday. 

-d.e.l. 

Must you make light of everything? 
Discover the unique taste of San Miguel Cerveza Negra. 
Smoother because it's naturally brewed. Richer and 
darker because we roast the malt. - . 
Have a San Miguel Beer. And let it be dark . 

• JHigud Import d by San Mlguel Int rnaltonal - USA 


