
Change In philosophy planned 

G roup wants to involve all alums 
by John Hondros 

Staff Writer 
In its fifth year of existence, 

UCSD Alumni & Friends has 
recently undergone a change in 
its philosophy, which includes 
efforts to involve all UCSD 
alumni, inform the community 
abo ut the university and 
interest students in the alumni 
association, according to its 
president, Tom Shepard. 

" We want to involve all 
alumni," Shepard said in a 
recent interview. The way the 
a ociation plans to involve 
more alumni is to eliminate 
membership dues , Shepard 
aid. 

Alumni care 
" The alumni organization 

was started with the assump-
tion that the only way to get the 
alumni interested would be to 
offer them a package - tours , 
discounts and other activities, " 
hepard said. " But it's been 

di covered that the rea on the 
alumni are members is that 

W.dne.d8y, January 25,1171 

they care about this place, and 
the Alumni & Friends is their 
means of maintaining contact 
with the university ." 

According to Shepard, this 
change in policy will result in 
more support to the university, 
and will also give more alumni 
the opportunity to expre their 
views concerning UCSD. 

Alumni & Friends has just 
come out with the first issue of 
its own newspaper - the 
Alumni Quarterly . The Quart-
erly is the chief means of 
communication between the 
alumni and UCSD , explained 
Shepard. "The Quarterly is 
something more than a public 
front. It informs its readers of 
the university' weak as well as 
its strong points." 

Shepard feels the most 
important objective of Alumni 
& Ftiends is to interest current 
UCSD students in the organiza-
tion . Aside from working with 
the AS, Alumni & Friends 
members also involve them-

selves with student, by co-
sponsoring on-campus career 
planning workshops. At these 
wor;kshops , the alumni talk 
about their jobs with students. 

Another function of the 
Alumni & Friends is to inform 
the community about research 
being done at UCSD, in order to 
bring about more public 
appreciation and support for 
the university . 

Current events 
In addition , the a sociation 

tries to inform both the 
community and the students 
about current public events 
that affect their lives .. For 
example, on Feb. II, the alumni 
group, along with niversity 
Extension, will sponsor a public 
forum on the San Diego off-
shore drilling controversy. 

U.S. Interior Secretary Cecil 
Andrus, Senator Alan Cranston 
(D-CA), San Diego County 
Supervisor Roger Hcdgecock 
and UC D hi tory profe sor The first i sue of the AlumDi & FrieDd. Dew.papel', the 

(Please turn to page 8) Quarterly, wa published recently. 

times 
UCSD seeks to raise $2.3 
million for cancer center 

by Laura A. Richter 
New ' Editor 

UC' San Diego Volume 33, Number 8 
"Nearly on out of every five individual living in thi county at 

some time in his or her life suffer from cancer. II • • 
eUing forth the needs of an Diegan.. Sa,: plego Will 

officially b gin a campaign on Feb. 28 to ral ~2 . 3 ~Ilhon toward 
the construction of a cancer center and medical library at the 
UCSD Medical Center in Hillcrest. . 

UCSD's Waddy "not typical" 
Calling the proposed center " a major need for t~e San Diego 

a rea" Chancellor William McElroy listed the benefits of the plan 
as i~creasing the diagno tic capabilitie of .clinical canc~r 
program at UC D, providing a be~t~~ teachmg program In 
oncology, expanding research facllil1e for .oncology, and 
combining the diagnostic staff in a central 10catlOn. Minister teaches Latin, ~n~wers sJudents' questions 

. Mon y 
by Alan Russell 

Editor 
The Rev 'd Lawrence Waddy 

IS not your typical UCSD 
Instructor. 

But then the Rev 'd Waddy is 
not your typical mini ter , 
either. 

I n fact the word typical 
hardly describes the lecturer: in 
Latin and Greek, who. com-
plete with clerical collar, has 
taught here for nine years. Of 
his po ition Waddy is quick 
to s tate , .. I am here as a 
classic teacher rather than a 
mini ter of religion . II He notes 
\\ith a mile , though, that , 
"Students ask me things they 
wouldn't a k any other faculty 
member." 

Born in Au tralia. Waddy 
lived in Jerusalem from the 
ages of four to nine, his father 
bemg the a rmy chaplain there. 
t nde r t he tutelage of thi s 
fLit her, Waddr a dvan c ed 
himself in the study of Latin 
dnd other language . Thit 
pur uit was furthered at Oxforr 
t niver ity, where he received 
hiS B.A. and M.A. in Cia ic . 

Wo rld War II interrupted 
Waddy' seminary training at 
('ambridge, allowing him only 
12 week of study, but giving 
him Ie sons of a different type 
- often not pleasant ones. 
Serving in Britain's National 
Fire Service, Waddy remem-
bered the time his company 
wa s called to far away 
P lymouth, which had been 
subjected to a night barrage of 
bombing, and witnessed the 
" worst sight of my life." 

Ship censor 
Mo t of the war saw Waddy 

as a cipher on a ship where he 
r ceived and decoded mes-
sages. Among his other duties 
wa that of letter censor where 
he literally cut out information 
from outgoing hip letters that 
the nemy might hav found 
us ful. 

Working as a headma ter in a 
'chool in England after the 
war, Waddy left that job after a 

number of years to take on the 
position of educational liasion 
officer for the British Broad-
casting Corporation. By chance 
circumstance , Waddy' new 
job led him to further pursue 
another of his life 's great loves 
- writing. 

"cupboard full of unpublished 
plays and novels," nonetheless, 
he ha een orne of his works 
come to frutt both on the tage 
and on paper, including a 
collection of 90 of his Biblical 
plays in th book Bible a 
Drama , and another work of 
a more "current/historical" 
perspective, Pax Romana and 
the Modern World, 

And the word i symphony 
Waddy 's lifelong intere t in 

the symphony, particularly hi 
(Plea e turn to page 8) 

A federal grant from the National In titu~e of He.alth ( ~IH) will 
be u ed to complete the funding of the proJect, which wlll co t 6 
million . Th NIH contributlOn will total $3.1 million , and $956,000 
for the library ha b en contributed by the state. . 

A local family foundation has donated $500.000 to .the campaign 
a a tarter, according to McElroy The remamder will . b 
olicited from private community ource by the te.enng 

committee, of which George Gildred, pre i~ent of the Glldred 
Building Company, will erve a general chairman. 

"The proximity of orne of th world' mo t kn?wl~dgeabl 
experts to cancer patients will insure the pe dyappltcatlOnofth 
newest re earch," aid McElroy of the center. He. added that , 
among other advantage, C D will b ~ble to ob~aln. new drug 
that are only available to cancer center. AcademICal.y. the ne d 
i cle r , II he aid. 

" I've always enjoyed writ-
ing," said Waddy. " I happened 
to show one of my Biblical 
plays , "Prodigal Son" to a 
person at BBC in 1961 , which 
resulted in them taking it and 
putting it on the air . It wa a 
great success and led to other 
uch shows." 
Desiring yet another change, 

Waddy , in 1963 , accepted a 
position a t Bishop School in La 
Jolla , bringing his fami ly 
acros the sea . Hi ministerial 
duties cons quently found an 
outl t in La Jolla's St. James by 
the Sea Epi copal Church . 

This is migration season 
Students seek glimpse of whale 

Seemingly not atisfied with 
one vocation , Waddy kept 
him elf bu y on a number of 
- - t o,. Though he point to the 

by Kathy McCartney 
Staff Writer 

The whale: leek a nd grace-
ful in its unobtru ive existence . 

Approximately 80 students 
turned out for the Warren 
College- ponsored whale watch 

last Saturday. Loaded into two 
sportfishing boats, the standing 
spectator left from the 
Seaforth Sportfi hing docks on 
Mis ion Bay and went out for 
two hour in arch of the gray 
whale on it outhern migra-
tion. 

A group of four or five 
whale ,a well as everal 
individuals w re ighted . 

ea onal migration 
The purpose of a whale watch 

such a the one taken by the 
students is to observe the gray 
whale, travelling individually 
or in herds , on its seasonal 
migration from the cold waters 
of the Arctic to warm lagoons in 
Baja California . A " whale 

::l watcher" ees the periodic 
, spouting of the whale as it 

f·· breathes, and then it dives after the breathing i completed. During the peak of the 
I season, in the middle of two 

weeks in January, as many a DOD't be late to the AS party Friday aftern~D, or you may 
end up hungry and thinty, ju t like thi. poor bttle dog. 

At the INIrty, .cheduled for the gr. y al'o be~eu the 
M.in Gymna.ium a.d the StudeDt Center, free beer, pIZza and 
a Ii"e band will be pl'o"ided. 

The INIrty i eet to Ia.t from DooD until 2:00 pm. The free bee.r 
_ pro"ided "'.J CIEE Tra"el aDd the Graduate StudeDt Council 
_ will be a"ailable from nOOD until it run out. The pizza will 
co t 40 cent. per lice. 

100 whale may pa San Diego 
each day. Th group may be 
II courting group "con i ting of 
one femal with her mate and 
two or thr other m I 
nearb for prot clion of th 
m ting coupl . 

Th whal boat trav ) to a 
r gion wh r whal s hav been 

ighted on previou watche . In 
an Diego this may be any-

where from ju t beyond th 
breakers to 10 mile out to sea. 
Once at the e pots, a \\ atcher 
scan the water for either the 
foamy pout or another Ign of 
the whale 

The gray whale i a tooth I 
pecie of whale which feed by 

straining plankton and other 
mall sea animal through 

baleen plate , which are thin 
cartilaginous structure 
re embJing whi kers , whi ch 
are kept flat against the 
interior of the mouth until th 
whale tarts feeding . The 
plate are let down in order to 
strain food coming through. A 
grey whale , which full-grown 
weigh about 30 tons and i 
about 35 feet long, receives its 
name from the white barnacle 
which encrust it naturally 
black hid , and give it a mottled 
Ir yappearance. 

A year in a grey whal ' life 
n ·j t of f ding in th Artic 

ana Beri ng ea for four 
month during ummer and 

rl I 11m nths. Then, around 
U t ber, It tart a tnr month 
migration outh, pa ing an 
Diego any tim from Thank -

(PI a tum to pag 7) 



...... triton times W"II"". Januery 21.1171 

uc .. !!mes~;:;;~;:l:;~:~:;=;om coexist 
Unsigned (those appearing in boId·faced type on the left side of 
the ~ ~) represent a majority opir\ion of t~ Triton Times 
Editorial Boerd, which is comprised of Editor Alan RusseD, Senior editor 
Mark Stadler, Managing editor Ran Anbar, News editor Laura Richter 
Associate News editors Andy Schneider and Reed Alpert and Assistani 
Managing editor Cindy Heffron. All signed material and artwork 
represent the author's, or artist's opinion, and do not necessanly reflect 
the Views of the Triton Tunes. 

Regental duties 
As tbe UC Relents ponder wbicb of tbe lItree students proposed 

by &be Student Body Presidents' Council will actually join litem for 
a one-year term, It seems appropriate to recall just wby a student 
sits on the board. The reason Is simple, altbough it appears tbat 
once If student actually joins tbe board, it is also easy to forget, 

Tbe student Regent position was establisbed so students could 
bave a personal representative on tbe governing Board of 
Regents. The student Regent is supposed to represent the student 
point of view on the board. 

We realize tbat there isn't always a single student's viewpoint 
for every issue. But, occasionally, an issue is so clearcut, that the 
student position concerning it should be obvious. Vet even on such 
issues in the past, the student Regent has , on several occasions, 
failed to represent the student viewpoint, 

A case in point is tbe stand taken by the current s tudent Regent, 
Michael Salerno, during the vote on whether the Education Fee 
should be cut by $17 per quarter, Salerno a bstained from the vote 
- which ended in a tie - because, he said, he had a conflict of 
interest due to the fac t he pays the E ducation Fee. 

His logic was faulty on this point: ever y vote he has cast as 
student Regent affects his standing as a student. Yet, by using this 
excuse, Salerno failed to represent the student viewpoint - that 
fees should be cut if at all possible. 

or course, Salerno has made no bones of his belief that he 
represents himself on the board, rather than all students. He is, 
quite frankly, wrong in that assumption, He, along with future 
student Regents, must realize that they, as the only official student 
representative on the board , must represent student interests, 
rather than their own foibles . Otherwise, the s tudent Regent 
position will become only another gold star on a college transcript, 
and totally worthless to students at large, . 

A good idea 
Knowledge, a wise person must once 'have said , is power. The 

converse of that statement is equally true: ignora nce is weakness. 
After applying these adages to the governmental process, we feel 
AS Communications Commissioner Dave Eisen's proposal to hire 
an AS Council Legislative Researcher has considerable merit. 

Eisen made his suggestion because, he feels, AS Council 
members often vote on matters that they know virtually nothing 
about. He is right, but we can't find it within ourselves to blame 
council members for it. The council members are students too, 
and even the most hard-working among them cannot possibly 
have the time to learn a ll there is to know a bout each piece of 
legislation they consider , 

We feel the Legislative Researcher would be a good addition to 
the council. If council m embers use the researcher's services 
wisely, they would learn the background facts that would enable 
them to vote wisely, from knowledge and from strength, 

After all is said and done, isn't that the key to producing good 
legislation? 

A new name 
It's kind of hard to imagine a new name for a college getting off 

to a start any worse than that taken by Earl Warren College. 
Fourth College's new name was selected by a committee, which 
included few students, a nd was finali zed last summe r . This 
resulted in the interesting spectacle of students coming to classes 
in the fall and reading about their college's new name in the 
newspaper, We can't blame them for becoming upset. The 
students do have a stake in the college, and should at least have 
had a say in picking its permanent name. 

Not that we think Earl Warren is a bad name for the college. 
Opponents of the choice are quick to point out that Warren , in the 
1940s, bac ked the forced relocation of Japanese-Americans to 
literal concentration camps away from the West Coast. Even seen 
in terms of the period when the decision was made; Warren 's 
behavior was inexusable. 

But Warren went on in public life to become possibly the most 
progr'! ive and controversial Chief Justice in America's history. 
In th,! quarter<entury he pres ided over the Supreme Court, 
War!'!n stood as a n unswerving champion of human rights, in the 
face of .fierce opposition. Warren 's actions as Chief Justice were 
such .. hat today the words " Warren Court" tand was watchwords 
for progressivism and civil rights, 

We hopc W3rre" f:Rllege will li ve up to this cons idera ble legacy. 

ThE Tilion Times Is published by UCSD students as an offiCial student nitwspaper~ 
Publ l~at on '5 on Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays dunng Ihe regular school year 
(exce)t pn offi ci al hDhdays) Ed,torial and businoss offlcos aTe located in the Student 
Cantu al t"8 UnlYorsily of Cat ifornia. San Diego For ed,tonal. cali 452-3466: for 
busin 355 and d,splay adyert lslng, call 452-3468. 

Lel\ers to the editor and op'nton columns are wetcomed All submlSsloms should be 
typed and double-spa ced on a 6~space hne They should not exceed l 'h page. ,n 
length. 

Submitted material must bear the name and student Identification number of lhe 
author Names can bew'thMld from publlcat,on on requesl: however (he names Will be 
held on file for public Inspecllon 

The T"ton T,mes reserves Ihe right to ed,l subm,ssions buc8ube of space IIml tat,ons 
or style reQUirements 

Entire contents copyright 1978 the Tnton T,mes 

by Ted Burke 
Contributing Editor 

The one thing I've learned in 
the past week is that it doesn' t 
take much to rile and rally 
people around a flag of common 
belief. My " Snake oil" 
commentary (incidently, the 
title wasn't of my choosing) 
seems to have upset the UCSD 
Christian community to no end, 
and the response Crom some 
makes it sound as though I'm 
encouraging the takeover by 
the military who would 
implement my allegedly 
atheistic desires . 

Well , please calm' down all 
you true believers . Being, 
believe it or not, an armchair 
libertarian, I've no desire to re-
enact the Roman Circus, nor do 
I think, as some of the letters 
infer, that a belief in God or 
some other custom-ma d e 
Supreme Intelligence instantly 
ranks one in the army of the 
deluded. As I said, it is the act of 
belief that annoys me. If one 
happens to be Blaise Pascal , 
Mozart, C.S . Lewis, Eliot or 
Soren Kirkegaard (or even 
Norman Mailer) and treats the 
subject of God and Christ as 
either an intellectual , spiritual 
or aesthetic co ncept, and 
regards such matters private-
ly, then you've my utmost 
admiration. I've no doubts that 
most of the Christian com-
munity - and I could be wrong 
- likes to include themselves in 
this to p shelf of brill a nt , 
thoughtful men. 

But one thing that those who 
have written in response to me 
have to realize is that their 
faith , especially the act of their 
faith, isn't the same as those 
mentioned above. These are the 
rna ny who roam the streets, the 
parks and the bus stations, and 
hang out on the fringe 01 
university campuses such a1 
Berkeley, who spend their timE 
trying to cajole you into coming 
to meetings, see the light, and 
who beg for money . Unless 
someone can show me statis-
tical evidence to the contrary , 
these legions of street corner 
world savers are .. ... vacant 
eyed and vacant brained", and 
to whom religion (a nd remem-
ber "religion" doesn 't have 
anything to do with God) is a 
kind of snake oil, a cure-all that 
when taken whole changes one, 
makes things groovy and 
improves digestion . I sincerely 
doubt that the critics who 
objected to my alleged depic-
tion of them being somehow 
dumb would think that God or 
Christ promises such a rose bed 
of existence, and that the two of 
them wouldn't want their 
followers badgering people or 
begging for money in their 
name. I tend to believe that God 
is something more personal 
than that, not an excuse for free 
e nterprise. 

Two letters dem an d my 
response - the first from Ron 
Russell. Russell quoted from 
the First Amendment about the 
freedom of religion, a nd then 
accused me of wanting to deny 
the basic freedom of speech to 
those who speak of God a nd 
Christ. That ' s hardly my 
position . Ron . The ques tion , 
really , is who is threC:ltening 

In the current More maga-
zine, there are two recent 
incidents of censorship and 
coercion. Marshall Fine, music 
critic of the Jackson Clarion-
Ledger in Florida , reviewed an 
Anita Bryant concert , and 
chided her for invoking the 
power of prayer to her aud-
ience, commenting that it 
"smacked of revivalism " 
rather than the family enter-
tainment it was intended to be. 
The edito·rs of the paper 
received a flood of mail in 
protest, and summarily fired 
Fine rather than being at odds 
with the Christian community. 

Nationally , the National 
Lampoon has announced that it 
is lay ing off Jesus as a matter of 
satire, due mostly to litigation 
brought agai ns t them by one 
Andrew McCauley, president of 
the Citizens Against Sacrilege 
in the Media . Though past 
lawsuits failed . the group 
brought pressure to bear 
against Lampoon advertisers, 
t h reatening a wide sca le 
boycott of their products unless 
they dropped their accounts 
with the offending periodical. 
Many of the advertisers 
capitulated to the pressure, 
with the Lampoon losing over 
a million dollars in ad revenue 
last year. Rather than putting 
up the brave fight for their right 
to say anything they please, the 
Lampoon is curtailing its 

religious parodies . Senior 
editor Sean Kelly defended the 
decision with the comment, 
" Don' t expect us to play the 
martyrs and suffer for your 
rights of freedom of speech and 
religion ... God remains a 
sacred cow at the National 
Lampoon ... " 

Granted, these two incidents 
are isolated, and mayor may 
not indicate a conspiracy to 
silence critical voices, but they 
do, Ron, reverse the role you've 
unwisely put me in . I won' t 
rehash any of the cliches that 
say that God has a sense of 
humor, or is ma nful enough to 
appreciate a little c riticism. 
That's beside the point . 
Freedom of the press and 
freedom of religion were meant 
to co-exist a nd not trample on 
the other 's fundamental right. 
That includes your right to find 
solace in the way of your 
choice, and my right to write a 
commentary (n ot " jour-
nalism" as you again mistaken-
ly have it) , and blow my nose as 
loud as I want. 

Finally, to Matthew SmIth, 
and any others who don' t know 
me a nd want to th ink me a 
self-destructive drunk lan-
guishing if! a poetic mi re of self-
delusion: The comment you 
took from my record review of 

(Please turn to page 7) 

Inv.ltjg.de Upper Division .nd Graduate Study on the Mont.,.y Penlnsul. 
130 Milts Sou,h .f Sin "1 "fiNO 

Monterey Institute of Foreign Studies 
An ,ndepe-ndenl upper d iVISion, grad ua te , and pro fe SSional school g r~nltn9 
B A . M A degrees Teaching Credentrals; Cer dkales m Tra",lal !On a nd 
Interpreta tion Accredited by the Western AUOCIailon o f Schools and Col 
leges. California Sta le Board of Educa tion Vete rans Approved 

COM'A~ATIVE INSTITUTIONS 
AND P~OCUSES 

LANGUAGES 

COM ...... TIVE LITU ... TUlE 
. DIPlOM"'CY & WOllD ... " ... IIS ... \'1'L'REY I AI 

'DUCA TlON ~'1 1\" LU I iSh 
INTUNATIONAl '" ' @ 0 ICONOMICh;::: c~ 
INTERN ... TIONAl E-' ~ 

MANAGEMENT ~ .. . 
INTEINATIONAl STUDIES '1<. ~'? 
TRANSLATION AND JORl'IG' ~ ~'1'\:\)\ 

INTERPRET ATION r~ 1'" 0 l 
WORLD AlE ... STUDIES 

A"bic' 
M.nd. rin Chin ••• 
fng U.h u • Second 

hnV ... ·g· 
F,.nch 
G.rm," 
Mod.,n Gr •• k· 
It,ll.,,' 
J"un.t. 
'ortwIU ••• • 
1I",,,i.n 
Sp.nj,h 

For Informallon Wr lle '0; 

Spring Quar'" M.rch 27·Jun. 10, 191. 
SUMm.r Se"lon Jun, 2o.Auv~nt 26, 197' 

DEAN OF ADMISSIONS 
POST OFFICE lOX \971 
MONTEREY, CALIFORNIA 93940 

Herschel Peak , Oi rector of Cooperative 
Education, will visit UCSO Tuesday, Jan. 31, 
from 1:00 to 4 :30 . Those interested in 
discussing MIFS Programs with Mr, Peak 
should make arrangements through the Career 
Plannin & Placement office. 

w.-...,. JanuIJry 21.1171 

Abor~ion is morally wrong 
Editor: 

It seems that the fight about abortion on our campus is a confrontation 
between those who contend thai a woman has a right to unbridled control 
over her own body and those who insist that an unborn baby has a right to 
live. This contr~lVer,~y is no~ merely ~ choice between two " highly 
intelleClual poSitIOns . but a Vital moral Issue. The question is whether a 
woman's right to control her own body negates the moral (and legal) 
criminality of abortion . That is, does a woman have the right to have her 
baby (fetus, is you wish) murdered ? Either you say she does or you say 
abortion is not murder (Le. the fetus is not a living person) or you are 
against abortion. How many people (particu la rly prospective mothers) 
can honestly say they are convinced that an unborn baby is not a person? 

Furthermore, the woma n has been graced with the ability to conceive. 
nurture and carry a new life within her. This ability should be viewed as a 
gift to b(! borne responsibly. not a burden. It is not an unfortunate side-
effect of sex that can now be easily remedied through the use of abortion. 
Certainly a W?f!1~~ has a right to control her own body , but with rights 
come responSibilities. Do we not have the responsibility to protect lives, 
especially of the weak and helpless? 

The students who withheld their Reg Fees and aroused this controversy, 
refused to support a moral wrong; a wrong against themselves because 
they are foreed to compromise religious freedom by (I state institution; a 
wrong against the aborted babies since they must die a cruel and 
premature death: a wrong against the mothers who have abortions 
because these mothers cannot remain unscathed " psychologically" by 
such an immoral act. 

There are many arguments used to support the practice of abortion. 
Many sound reasonable and humane. But, when one sees a baby that has 
been torn apart alive by a glorified vacuum cleaner or the tiny pickled body 
of a perfectly formed person, then one knows that no argument can stand 
against the charge of painful murder of innocents . 

ERICH B. RIEDEL 

Spiritual needs are real ' 
Editor: 

I fully smpathize with Ted Burke 
wh en he complains about the 
att itude of some Christians -
namely, that one should turn one 's 
mind off and accept Christ as 
Saviour. To turn one's mind off 
Implies intellectual irresponsibi-
lity. I have accepted Christ as my 
personal Saviour and did not find it 
necessary to turn my mind off in the 
process. It has been said before and 
perhaps needs to be said again: 
there i ample historical evidence 
su pporting the life , death and 
resureclion of Jesus Christ - and 
Ihis makes a decision to accept Him 
(IS Saviour and Lord a responsible 
action ingeed. 

I also agree with Ted when he 

chose to follow Christ (Acts 7: 54-
8: 3, 26: 1-23) . Jesu called His 
disciples to a lifestyle which 
.demonstrated genuine concern for 
others - a lifestyle I would not 
expect Ted Burke to disagree with. 

Ted, with all due respect to you, 
th spiritual aspect of life is real , 
not imagined - and likewise 
piritual n eds are real and not 

im a ginary . Do not a llow a 
misunderstanding between you and 
the Christians you have come in 
contact with to cause you to refuse 
to consider Christ seriously. Christ 
claimed to be the only way to God . 
He has given me a relationship with 
God. He can do the same for you . 

MARK MASTHA Y 

says that many spiritual exper- D f· dl 
iences are selfish anddo no good for ance rlen y 
society. However, an analysis of the 
life of Christ Quickly shows that He Editor: 
was not mere.IY interested in pie-in- Given its tille. one might have 
the-sky things. His lifestyle was in expected Groundwork Books ' on-
great contrast with the spiritualists Sexist Dance to be filled with self-
Ted Burke criticizes. Jesus was cons~ious gays and other 'libera-
always motivated by human need tionists.' Such, however, was not 
of any form - physical or spiritual. the case last Friday night at the 
He healed a woman who had been Student Center. What took place 
afflicted with a bleeding problem wa s a friendly, albeit under-
for many years . When a corrupltax populated, gathering listening and 
collector decided to follow Christ he dancing to recorded music. When 
not only wanted to stop cheating asked to state a goa I for the dance, a 
others . he wanted to repay those Groundwork representative 
whom he had cheated (Luke 19: 1- pointed to a sign on the wall which 
10). The apostle Paul changed from read, "If I can't dance, I don't want 
being one who condoned murder to to be in your revolution." 
one who condemned it when he WILLIAM GIBSON 

SAVINGS AND loWEST EVER! 

5887 U niv8rsity 
(Next door to the 

Cinerama Theater) 

287-9160 

JUNIOR-MISSY 
MENS & CHILDREN 

(Limited to stock on hand) 

Hooded 
Knit 
Sweater 
Jackets 

$7" 
Hours: 
Mon-Fri 

10-9 
Sat. 10 6 
Sun . 12-5 

triton times 

Hear His Philosophy_and 
Make Up Your Own Mindl 

Why does so much controversy surround Rev. Moon? We 
invit7 you to experience his philosophy at our unique 2 Day 
Seminar and make up your own mind. Thurs,-Fri. or Sat.-Sun. 
Mountain workshop includes : Lectures, Group Discussions, Out-
door Recreation and Evening Entertainment. 

For Inlormation contact the Unification Church 
635 So. Olive, Los Angeles, CA 90014 (213) 623-9130 or (213) 664-8820 

Featurin2 Clairemont's ONL Y organically grown produce! 
JB's bag buy-back policy: Bring in your own bag 
and we'll give you a di count on your groceries. 

S mall 19¢ 
Fuene each 

Avocados 
while they last 

'-j{)ur regular low price 
Alta-Dena 

: Whole Raw 
Milk 

• 
• 
• 
• 

77tt/ '12 gal ; 

Now 
Servi ng 
in the 

: Hain 
_: Safflower 

NATURAL FOOD: Oil $1.85 
CAFE ' 

Fre hly Made 
SOUP 

Two yariet ies 
2St cup 
with ad 

thrukb I 1978 

Rcg. $2.69 . 

Radiance 
Protein 
Powder 

. ~ 

1 lb. can 54.99 
Reg. $5.95 

__ , ...... ..-" Open Now over Every weeknight til 8 Bill Gordon's Hellth Rap ItO 
Friday til9 Thurs. 1/ 267:30 pm 
Sat., Sun . 10-6 F REE Bulk Bins 
Located close to UCSD in Diane Shopping Center 

P .... 3 



FRIDAY nilE 
rl~'KI 

COLLISIONS 
,Starring: 

LILY TOMLIN 
Gi Ida Radner 
& Dan Akroyd 
~ )} ~ 1} 1} Jyf- {t 
San Die90~~ Premier 
'l} {c {t $1.25 ~ 1} t$ 

Fri. Jen. 21 MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
7:00, 9:00 " 11:00 pm 

Central Box Office, 452-4559 
University Events Oil Ice 

pm 
Mandeville Autiitorium 
Tickets $1.00 Box Office 

l ( ~In Dlteo t nhtr\'ly t'fnh Offic~ pr~fnts ;\ ~m.sh hit on Brvlild"". \ .ful 1(, "tan 
"rlnC'lsco. I 0"," \toan "'-p«t,cular's &Joriou ~ly wlcky rn itw . 

... Im 

pre-.ented in cooperalion ltith I ntercampu~ ( ull ural • nhlnge 

. 
. 

• 

tritcntimes 

by Sara J. Lowen 
The performance of the Jof· 

frey II Company at the Mande· 
ville Center Auditorium last 
week was a happy event, both 
because of the talent and spirit 
exhibited by the dancers and th€ 
fact that it marked the first 
ballet performance at UCSD in 
two years . Joffrey II is th€ 
stepchild of the New York based 
Joffrey ballet , designed to 
provide a training ground for 
young dancers before they join 
the main company. 

The excitement and sense oj 
adventure in the corps ' work 
comes in its commitment to us 
new works by modern choreo-
graphers. As a result it avoids 
much of the stuffiness on e 
associates with the classical 
ballet. The program Thursday 
night largely upheld this credo , 
including a melange of material 
ranging from the classica l to 
modern dance. The company 
es t a bli s he d it s t ec hni ca l 
proficiency from the opening 
piece, "Scherzo" , a brilliant, 
intricate adagio choreographed 
by Tom Pazik of the Atlanta 
Ballet. Though the piece was 
well executed by the dancers , it 
seemed too much a formalistic 
exercise to be really interesting. 
"Tzigane", a classic pas de d ux 
with an Hungarian influence, 
suffered from the same problem , 
the highly intricate ste ps 
overwhelming the dancers at 
times . 

The high point of the perform-
ance came in the more expres-
sive veins of " Continuo", and 
" Incident at Blackbriar ." 
"Continuo", choreographed by 
Antony Tudor, was an exquisite 
lyrical work set to the music of 
Johann Pachelbel Canon. Carl 
Corry was especially good in this 
pie c e , bringing gra c e and 
fluidity to the role . " Incident at 
Bl ac kbriar " appro ac h e d 
modern dance in its psycholog-
ical exploration of the tensio n 
and resentments inherent in a 

love triangle. The work was 
danced by Wesley Robinson , 
Mary Linn Durbin and Patricia 
Brown , all of whom demon· 
strated a sound dramatic sense 
which created the emotional 
intensity of the piece. Robinson 
in the pivotal role of the man who 
comes between the two women, 
was outstanding , creating a 
sense of tension and dynamics 
with his alternatingly sinuous 
grace and staccato bursts of 
energy . Patricia Brown was 
technically impressive , with 
good extension in her leaps and 
clarity of movement. Mary Linn 
Durbin excelled at the expres-
sive, lyricism which her role 
required. This fusion of ballet 
and modern dance is clearly a 
fruitful area of exploration for 
the company. 

A less productive exercise was 
the finale, entitled "Threads", in 
which the company turned to the 
kind of jazz dancing on the Carol 
Burnett show, doing va ria tions 
on jitte rbug steps to a medley of 
Glenn Mille r tunes. The r e is 
nothing inherently inappropriate 
in inco rporating popular da ne 
into ballet - such choreo-
graphers as Twyla Tharp have 
done 0 ucc ssfully - but 
"Threads" doe not rise above 
the popular mate rial it employs. 
As m y co mp a ni ons sa id , it 
seemed too easy, a ca lculated 
crowd plea se r bec a use of 
people' s nostalgia for Glenn 
Miller's music . Apart from the 
inanity of the material , the 
dancers performed the piece 
with engaging energy and spirit. 

The Joffrey II Company , 
because of its professionalism 
and refreshing approach to 
ballet is a boon to smaller cities 
like San Diego which don 't draw 
the larger ballet companies . The 
s ellout crowd at Thursday 
night 's performance should be a 
clea r s ign to the Ca mpus 
Programming Board that there 
is an audience for quality ba llet 
at C San Diego. 

W~ite \\T113 
uQd 
Ot~er 

I got the call at seven in 
been found." 

" Where?" I asked . 
"In the woods east of 
''I' ll be there in twen 

o ~,' 

, 1 

by AlaQ Russell 
. Il wa sdirect and to the point. " He's 

I didn 't bothershaving. sa cupof java. The biggest murder 
case to hit San Diego now togo with it. Now only the murdere, 
needed to be brought in . 

I drove to school case. The KGB Chicken, known in 
San Diego for his comical ways, corny jokes and 
philanthropical deeds, ha(n.l"rlerl missing on Dec. 5. A full scale 
chicken-hunt had been the end result of not even a feather 
turning up. Even big feed, cou ldn 't get the stool pigeons to 
speak. 

I was introduced to n Emma Nurd, who had stumbled 
upon the remains of the was obviously shaken up. I asked her 
to tell me the story in I translated with a calculator. 

" There 's not much to . " r was out walking in the woods, 
thinking about noticed some pieces of red plastic . I 
followed them for severa rds when I came upon the sight. 

" It was horrible! Only ined." 
I patted her on the t her off to math class. Anything to 

get rid of her. Then I lit and was deep in thought when the 
Campus Police Chief entered the scene, bringing me the 
evidence . 

In addition to the ca peeker, there were a nu mber of 
pieces with strange them. I examined the papers for 
a time, then in pira tion who the murderers were. 

After the a rre t of 300 B students I was accosted by F rench. 
" How did you figure it the peeker give it away?" 

" That was insufficient ' I aid. " It wouldn 't have tood up in 
court .. , 

" Then what, mun?" 
"It was tho e little Addl'd together, they made a whole, 

or should I say, an 
"You see , the chic egg . hut a bit of a birdbra in. Don't get 

me wrong, he had ruffled before. handing out records, 
shirts, and concert ticketsilialied or toned mob , but he didn ' t know 
what he was going up UCSD crowd. 

" Let 's face it, he having flown the coop, to offer 
what he did before 

"Somehow he got a final. Being the munificent bird 
he was , he offered a 25 xeroxed finals . That's where he 
laid an egg. The 

" Needless to say, happy. In a fitof collective anger, 
they attacked the Chi im to giblets . After that there was a 
free· for-all in trying to No one won out there. They were all 
ripped up. 

"So I put all the pieces came up with the chicken, booking 
the students on Fricasee lnat's everything ." I moved to leave . 
French detained me. 

" Don ' t count your f'hirkej" e they hatch," he said . " You ' re under 
a rrest. " 

" And the charge?" I 
"Too ma ny bad pun in 
He wa s r ight you '''"In .... 

triton times 

ith 
around ••• 

FOR THE LOWEST POSSIBLE RATES IN 
CAR INSURANCE ••• 

YOU AUTO 
(To Prove Our Point, listen in to the following conversation) 

Professor : You do have car insurance, 
don't you? 

Student: Uh . •. Wd ... I. .. 

Student: But Professor, my driving record 
isn't all that great ! 

Professor : Don't worry about it, ARENA 

PageS 

Professor: It is the LAW, you know; all drivers 
must be insured! It's a Serious Matter! 

handles problem cases everyday. 

Student: I didn't know that, but I really can't 
afford it anyway . 
Profe5~or: YOU CAN'T AFFORD NOT TO! And 

ARENA INSURANCE will help you get 
the lowest possible rate . .. Any car, 
any age, you'll get preferred rates 
and preferred treatment at ARENA. 

Student : ARENA? No hassle 
and I'd save money too ! 
I'll drive over right now and ... 

Professor: WAIT A MINUTE, don 't drive 
without insurance, •.. get an " A" today 

and call ARENA. In fact, 
they'll come over and see you. 

A C;" Around Then Call: 565· 7 446 J-\lena 7071 Convoy Ct. 
I Suite 306 nsurance SQn Diego, CA. 
A -CIQiremontN~:~:~I!:' 



...... 

OONLIGHT PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS 

tOM WAITS 
Plus 

NORTON BUFFALO 
Friday, Feb. 17,8 pm California Theatre 
All a.a .. R ... rved $7, $6. 
TIck ... on sale Friday, Jan. 27 at 
CalifornIa Theatre (no .ervlce charge) 

4th & CSt,.. .. , Downtown 
All Tlcketron Outlet. 
Info: 455-1522 or 753-1973 

c1.'R~ S'o9url Jl/fair 
~=n 

creations 
FREE 

Crunchy Topping 
with any serving 
of frozen yogurt 

with this ad. 
ood thru Feb. 1 

trIII_ 
...... d."......., .. 1171 

UCSD Sports Bda" 
Tennis takes 2nd at PL tourney 

Men's &ennis 
Coming off a second place 

finish in the Point Lorna Tip-off 
Tournament, UCSD ' s men ' s 
intercollegiate tennis team 
travels to Phoenix and Tempe 
this weekend to face Arizona 

State and Arizona University. 
Last season, the Triton net men 
handed ASU their only dual 
meet loss. 

At the Point Loma tourney, 
UCSD totaled 23 points, behind 
team champion San Diego 

State's 35. USIU was third with 
11 while host Pt. Loma College 
managed just 8 points. 

The Tritons ' Paul Metsch 
took second place in the all· 
singles event, losing to SDSU's 
Paul Rubens 6·3, 7·5, En route 
his runnerup position , Metsch Tenn I'S TI' nc: knocked off eventual consola-

t£W. lion winner Greg Bell of SDSU, 

d t k 6-2, 6-4. UCSD's Jack Broudy To win, shorten groun s ro e made it to the semifinals of the 
b ...... A "'-1 1 -onUCSO'1 consolation bracket before TIIIa ..... IlllrdIn ....... oI .... "I .. lpawrtltan Y-I ___ ,Iop,...._ . B ll6-3 6-2 

men'l "'lire a ....... laMIa ...... Any q..tlonl c_mlng ... column or on ....... 1" losmg to e , ' " 
8-' IMuId be l1li1 10 IportI o.k, TrIIon TImIe, .~I1', UCSD, Uo Jolla, CA '2013. Coach Ted YamaguchI CIted 

the play of Jon Gerdsen, who 
defeated SDSU 's Ted fhgey 6-
3, 6-4 and was edged by no. 1 
seed Pat Kearney, also of San 
Diego State, 7-5, 7-6, 

If you are like the majority of 
tennis players, the odds are you 
can ' t control those difricult 
shots you boast about during 
happy hour. It takes a lot of 
time to master those strokes 
you see the pros try to hit -
s ha rply a ngled c ross court 
drives, top s p i n lob s a nd 
underspin drop shots. Be honest 
with yourself. If you want to 
a maze the girls, go a head a nd 
try for those spectacular, low 
percentage shots. If you wa nt to 
win - concentrate on maste r-
ing the basic funda menta ls. 

, , f 

I . 
, t I 

" ' 

, I 

Would you care to know the strategy t~at will enable you t~ beat 
ninety-nine per cent of the players m the world? Youll be 
disappointed; if you can lea rn t? hit the all. deeo . do~n thp ':'llddlp. 
and keep it in play - the winner s check WIll end ull m yoU! pants 
pocket. But no, you just bough" some Bj?rn Borg shorts which 
entitle you to,.his forehand too. Guess agam l 

Many pla yers take too large a backswing when preparing fo~ a 
groundstroke. These wi ld swings often result in off c~nter hIts 
which lack power and direction. Try to shorten your swmg so y~u 
can make firm contact with the ba ll well in front of your body. ThIS 
simpler yet more controlled swing will help you hit the ba ll in the 
center of your racket producing a more powerfu l shot. 

Men's and women's swimming 
Th e men ' s swim te am 

rebounded from their season 
opening lo ss to UNLV by 
winning twice last Friday , 58·36 
over Redlands and 58-39 over 
San Bernadino Va lley College. 

Three Tritons we re t rip le 
winners as UCSD won every 
event. Lance Ha lsted won the 
200, 500 a nd 1000 yard free-
styles; Joe Hernandez the 50 
a nd 100 yard freesty le and 
anchoring the victorious 400 
yard freesty le relay; a nd Mark 
Allen the 200 yard 1M, 100 yard 
backstroke and swimming a leg 
on the winning 400 ya rd medley 
relay team. 

The Tritons , coached by Bill 
Morgan, travel to Pomona this 
weekend for the Ca l P oly 
Relays. 

Diana Dann 's women's swim 
squad tied Redlands 49-49 and 
won by forfei t over SBVC also 
last F r iday . 

Only six m e mbe rs of the 
women's team made the trip to 
Redlands but all six turned in 
outsta nd ing times . Nad ine 
Thompson's 1: 13.0 clocking in 
the 100 meter freestyle gave her 
a first place while Andria Wolfe 
doubled, winning the 100 meter 
1M in 1: 42.0 and the 100 meter 
backstroke in 1: 15.9. Shawn 
Blaisde ll won th e women 's 
diving competition a nd took 
second place in the ove rall 
(men 's and women's) divin& 
competition. 

JV basketball 
USIU downed the J V Tritons 

84-75 last Satu rday night , 
dro p pi n g UC SD 's ove r all 
recor d to 5·3. The visiti ng 
Westerners raced to a 49-35 
halftime lead a nd never looked 
ba c k . Al J a cobs a nd Ron 
Sa mue ls led UCSD with 14 
points each. 

The Tritons c ru s hed th e 
Marine Corps Reserve Depot 
94-63 Friday night a t Tony Filer 
tallied 16 points. 

, ........ "' .. "'.~ .................................. ~ .. ~., 
! 

'COMMUNITY',' 
'f iBLOOD BANK! 
! 983 India 1 
'i 327 F Street / i PAYS DONORS i I tor Service ! 
f Mon .• Frl , /, f 233-5481 i' 
, 234·4601 £ 
.......... "'" .................... ~~ .............. -.. 

Casino 
NlaM 
Dealers 
'Wanted 

for 
Blackjack, Poker, Craps, Keno 

Sip up in RIC Gym 

••••••••• 

w ... .." J....., 21,1171 

Exam No.1 

biton times 

Multiple Choice Score: ---
1. Manuel Rotenberg: 
_a, UCSD Dean of Graduate Studies & Research 
_b. UCSD Director of Apisiatic Studies 

& Research. 

2. Carnegie A-440 Pizza Hall: 
_a. Located next to SLEAZELLO's on 

Carmel Valley Rd. 
_b .. Located east of San Diego State 
3. John Leong: 
_ a. UCSD Wrestling Coach 

Pllge7 

'Hall 
__ b. UCSD Chemistry F aculty who requires 

students use slide rules - no calculators 

4. On the Carnegie A-440 Menu: 
__ a . Pepperoni Pizza with more pepperoni than any 

other restaurant in town 
__ b. The best Baked Alaska Dessert 

in the County 

Our kitchen is open until midnight 
daily and 1: 00 am on weekends. 

Bring this exam to Carnegie A-440 for 
scoring by any waitress . 

100%: 113 off a ny pizza 
75%: 1/ 4 off any pizza 
50%: 1/5 off any pizza 

Opportunity expires: 

Carnegie A·440 Pizza Hall 25%: Free CARNEGIE A-440 
Bumper Sticker 

January 30, 1978 

2212 Carmel Valley Road , Del Mar 755-6778 

triton times classifieds 
(IASS l l'l f:1l ADS 

Stud .. nl ratl': !iOt pt' r 100 spares. 
"on-s cudenl rDtt : '1 . IK" 100 Spat'H, 
1.0\1 & "~ ound ad : frt' t" 'or linllin ... run. 
\ d ralf'J(orlf RH: Wa nted. Yor ~alf':. Tra\-pl. 

lIou'i,"((, !Wf'\ i~. Penonal , and Lost &: F"ound. 
\ our ad COP) a nd pal mt"nl can be ma iled UI 

dt'lllt>rrd In person. but bo'th mu I Min tM offi ("e by 
! pm lhr Sf'fUnd da) bt-''''''' ~ou r ad 15 to a pIJPlJr . 

Offl('f' hour~ for lhf' • la 'l.~I'H'd dt>partmpnl a~ 
frum 11 1 on M\U> 

personals 
Arf' you ~n expenenced HORSEBACK RIDER '.' 
II Jm leJrn 10 play POW ' Ca ll Belh ' 8' · '567 by 
S""lurd..lY (1 / 271 
t-tt''A \tulr course Sexology ut UCSD. For more info 
<all 4S3 7618 (1 / 251 

JOim·dld Jethro reti lly buy himself a milk cow'-
Ar1t CUlllpensraultr (1 / 25) 

If )OU re Interested In a European work·study 
program . auend a shde show . f ri 4 pm 8ea lle Apt. 
11'11) 

'-'III the Revelle Commuters out tug Atla"t is Ha ll" 
Can they eat bananas in record time" Will the'" 
hurnJn pyramids sla nd loneer than Beaele Hal l',? 
Find OUt un fi'eb .. a t the " Almost AnythmK Goes" 
lames ( 1/ 25) 

All He\elle Comm uters-Form your teams ror 
"Almost An)'thin. Goes .. More mro In Commumty 
Ct'nte r ( 1125) 

Rhelle studenu I l,n up With your RA for Alm061 
AnythlngG~5, La. tday tOlian up II F'rldsy, Hurry 
11/251 

Can),oU lay a nd roll In under IO JeCOnds 5ee)'ou a t 
AlrnCHil Anything Goes Feb. 4 on Revelle f"ield 11 -5 
IltZS) 

Re\elle Is l olnl for it feb . 3 a nd 4 Come Dnd pa n y 
han) Im"lle your rr lends and rome a nd enjo), 
II 25) 

ATT J-.NT I O N S KI E R S! Th e J onu a ,y 2 1· 22 
M"mmoth Trip has been moved loJanUury 28-Z9 It 
Incl ude, transpurt l.l l.l on , food and l od,l n. 
Il'undomi nJum wlth souna and ja('uui) Prlceis S45 
C..AII Steve 411 09~7 !l /25) 

('ontl'nttl or Ar,o 261 Vou' ve a ,reat lereo It 
\I t)rdle bks orr IhPlvf'l '-'Ie at RIg ht Tired-ArlO 
Jet 11/2$1 

f nnctll\-'" Jt. ... IOijh \1 )l"tl4:'lIsm t'~b 1i'19 IctyU" lld 
\lelt> Joor mort I,\fo (oJll Jdr Mt U3 &»9 0 / 2';i1 

,ll',ln PI('rre' "hud II .. bdorr you .w.n oJX'n d{)Or 
f UflKt .. tul;Ulllns on )'our belOi2' I \1 .m\ thinK >,111 
'Il.c·(I'n I I, IIO"l'<1 to dn ht>flJlY. Ih..lt !ttl'" lot' .drt·.trl\ 
,1"lIt" y,. h('re\l" I mo.l) bt· (rom }('Jh 1X"aenll11ll tn 
t rlfJ. III .• I*.Jj" h,ne )our lit ,) ,",uu·!hJl I h ... n rJ 

Irl"ILf1 If,j~P) :!I'It bll"1hd.tj' \ blr1hd.J) jXIl'lH b~ 
Ii \~ II 1;'1 

f T \1th'l l't.I\,ulr Jj('nM-' jJ nlUl L Inh . .'Ruun (\,lIt 
,11I\!'1 ."' ,·~ hl,, .. up 1" rff\'ptwn .\PH 

BlomC' Xylophon~ You re~lIy nng my chimes' Proft:"sslonJI Typing, Reason.tble R~t('s HiM 
Lo\'e. Superchops (1 / 251 Corrt."Cling ~Iertnc Ca ll for .~rec t.;slIm.llc Gtul 

T-s hin 1I~ l e-Get T-sh iru "' llh the nallleo( yourdonn 411175-40 (l!S / 91 
a nd noor number Look org:mlzed Fo r Almost 
Anyt hinl Goes. a nd Impress everyone e lse Info, 
4M·0213 455~ge6 (1 / 25) 

I st Pre-Dent club meeting Jan 30 4 30 Nonh 
Conference Room of ,he Stu~nt Ct"nler All 
s tudents wei OI1k' (1 / 27) 

T)pmg·seif(."Orrecun, tBM sei«tnc tenn papers, 
theses, etc. expt1'1e~d 4.52 ISIB e\enlngs (61 191 
TYPING' roM Se)ertnc term papt'~ , the5e5, PhD 
dlS .. n."ons. ed,tinas. RUSII JOBS 453-0656 5m-
1171 . 2\16·4936. 4521511 (6/9) 

. TYPI NG - Manlyn would like to fulfill your typing 
Atlantis i5 Romg 10 Thoroughly SVt eel' An}'thmg needs _ e)(pert. !'1!asolldble. hCl) IBM Ca1l27tHi721 
Goes but we " '111 sell you T -shu1S wl lh the n .. meof 12/27) 
you r dorm anyway At lea.n you lOan look mce, lnfo 
4SH213 455-5ge6 (1 / 25) f'ROf"ESS IONAJ. THE IS I MAN USC RIPT 
F"ellow sludents eed extra $'s li ke I did 't Ol5co\ er TVPING , Expt-nt"~ thoroughly famlhtlr 'WIth 
a new, easy, part-time way to get some Ca ll 299-2266 a ll form &. style requirements RushJOOs accepted 
. nd 1"1I •• nd yuu full ,"f .. F REE' f1/27) IBM Cor"",ling SeleclrlC II Iypewnler Oay 5(,6-

h · 3311 , eve_ 566,2947 16/9' ouslng RE EA R H PAPERS - Thou."nd. on hie S2 75 
Wa nted: One fema le to sha re home in La J olla IBird per page Onimal research also available Send 

Rock ~ with 3 other workiPl sludcnu; Own room, 1100 lor c ::llaloc NAT IONAL RESEARCH 10990 
S1I2 SO/ mo Sta rt F eb 13 I n~loU Ca ll454-5319. or Wilshire no 21 ~ 1.A 90024 (219) 479-1096 (3117) 
see Lynn a t TT orrice (1 / 30) I' ll type anylhID' very reasonable rOles call Kathy 

411-1663 11 /251 
VE RY CHARMING f" URN(SIIED 2 bedroom Lo 
J olla Hills View home to sh a re With )'oon& German 
l irl Male/ female considered $200 plus uti hUe! 
P lease call before 9 a m or a rter. pm Home 459-
2414 , or busJness 454-2274 Jutla {I / 251 

Wa nted- QUiet Fema le roommate to s ha reJ-bdrm 
a pt. In Chunnont nea r bus line Own bdrm 1105571· 
9012 . (1/%7) 
Older s tudenl looking ror open, peacefu l house hold 
In Sola na Be:ach or OM C..-n pay Il lS 411-9553 Tim 

Room a va ilable soon in Del Mar condo , 110 plu 
dep. 4I 1·1l5S3 (1 / 25) 

Sln Rle room in rumLihed lireplftced fru.ttreed Del 
Mar house approx ' 140 come by 264 26th or 452-13+( 
( 1/ 271 
Un fum Solana 6ch % br for rcnl-Den, %1,,) blh. vie' .... 
Re fe r , washer . dryer mcluded. Pool. tenrus Asi 
fo' Bob S450/ mo '155- 1151 (lbaJ 

services 
T y p lnl ' edilina . corr~c1JonJ . re wri tes B It 
E nK II h 753·39» Ba,b.,. , 11 / 25) 

KUNG 1-' Now forming classes on campus an ant 
01 the mos t populiJ r s ty le. Cull GiJ~~Mr HI 481 · 1075 
(1/271 
\iE"~ O TYP IST" Ht:dson .. ble rales SPfo:(o;OV 
' ):';HVIC' t; IBM 1R'lr~url'\'('tlng k. ~thlC~ 27&!r. 

... fter It 00 n()(.In (:Ii 11) 

l .duqw !Ii ( ' ,,)Ht''' !Iou .. &: Intl'rniJUO"5I. rnlk 
d.ml'lng /l917 \1('..Ide Au" \urlh P.t rk For Inru 214 
954''' 1I,:l'\1 

I F H~ ~I' \'''11 
I')ou rt' ... I1\ ... Int 10 1l'~lrn SJ'anl .. n~'IH kl) , flut'ntl'll 
lind lvru:{"Hr .md )f ~ou h.t\\· th .. rour .. .:, "nol 
LlIlllf'l.1 f!lf IfIU Il l\"t' nd ch.'" IpluWi! tIIfh C:III"(' 

fUI dl h:u~t III It' n,uhth tv l'u,'rll.J\u\., l. .. n&u.lJ(t' 
~('h,)(.1 to II t lIIonth $.li)ll t oll\I¥oo'n,( fuLlr '" cl,.'k.., ll~ 
1'11\ ... 11.' tllt(), U\,JlI .. hh' .. 1 SJ.I,O fur S.huur 11.·t.tll~ 
,\put) , -'430 ("tu'rnJ\j(.t \1t-'1('U ", 161 

Tune-up Dean wllllune )lou r car for $14 or leu plus 
parts, anywhere on Cilnlpw: Call tum al "S3-IU7. 
Mon thru Thurs 7-10 pm or an)lime • )ears 
experience. HItS) 

KlOOer,3rVn openlnp al Sand)' Hill C~oP. ol:Jna 
8 (-h m a ll c last, rusUc, vpen c..U 43&-&574 (2/3) 

for sale " 
GUILar Ma n ln likt new $900 orrerbicycle SchWi nn 
Io.. pee<t mons 175 7. 7·5160 (1125) 

Good as new benk'! cswk'U lus cost over S22 OO .seIi 
for 11400 call ol'i2.e9'l6 eveninl.! (l/2'n 
Women ', 3~lpd transp. bikeS2G -llKla pay t.be phone 
bill.~(ImJ 
For adv~nced skateboarders only! flber- Fltx 
Board, pow~r pa\to' wheels, trailer trucks. brand 
new , oria:inal cost . , )'OUI'1 foronJy 160 Also top 0{ 
the li ne . Zenith Alielro quad/ .tereo Iy.tem , 
AM / f"M '~trac~ , turntable V Allelro speau l'l 
ExceltenL condltion, J y r new. OnllO .. 1 colt IMO 

lun, S500 0' besl 45H,62 ( 1/ 25) 

Burke ..• 
(Continued from page 2) 
Bob Seger' s Mongrel album 
(" .. ,live fast. die young a~d 
have fun in the proce s... ) 
isn ' t a summ atio n o f m y 
lif s t y le. R a th e r , I t is a 
um matio n of where eger 

hims Jr was a t th time 1969, 
and is a simplification 0\ the 
punk roc k et h l Whether 
y ou ' re attracted to t h at 
sentiment or Justgros cd out by 

Women 's Ca lenddn; on s~le ~t lht- Women's Center 
for on I)' " ,50 Sllkscreened and ha nd ~Igned by the 
anlst U!2.S) 
1978 YAMAHA OTIZS ENDl' RO Brand new stili 
under warrant)' , .. :;0 miles $72$ or best oHer Jon 4$2-
9962 ( 1/ 25) 

want,€l 
C~..sh paid lor cums. class nnK ' Je,.elr') , dental 
gold . ~terllng and pr(O 1965 l S SllHr coms Ken 
75S 7371 t2/11 

Earn I . Sub)ecl.l needed for P5)ch ('xpenment Men 
21-"'4 Please call -I52:-4J05 bet .. een 2 ... pm 0/27) 

Volunteers needed mor-nmgs a t Los Nmos Center 
Excellent opportunll y to lain experience '4llh 
autlstic children Ca ll Chns 3t 263"lIl I 30-4 
11 / 23) 
Wa nled Judo GI COli J,m . '1-5374 (1121) 
AtheISts • aarlOStlcs needed for psych 
research proJ f"eedback available-Del 
11 / 271 

Doc 
7659 

" A" tenOJs player Tv workout With In monunJlI 
fearl) Ph 411 ·1540 or P&L tll3 Kerry la lso " A ' 
pl. )·.rt (1127) 
6 ' 110 Ib male Dteds to borrow )'ourski clotbes thlS 
weekend" 00 for )'our trouble Jeri 270-334'_(1/251 

travel 

Found-pen In USB 2722 tt(ter O-Chem 1.08 lecture 
Please ('all ~-9116 to ldentlr), 

LOlt lone blue r~lncoal trenchC'oat Need 
desperately Plea~ ca ll 418-9l80 or le s\o' e It Page 
Ono 

Loti, 8m le3ther p!.Ir5e 3nd contents Return to IT 
or ('8 II Luc) at 4$.3-t 138 R e .. a rd oUered 

Sterling Ih'er men I bracelet inscriptIOn on back 
found by Re ... elle field call Lela 452-9409 

Found On Malthe'A J F'leld..Green Iwtr It: ",a1ch 
Cl3Im at TT DUlce 

Old you find a Wlbon tenOis racket with a blue 
toHr't It disappeared from men !oi lock.er room 452 
1344 

LOlli' Long blue raincoat trenchcoat need 
de perat.ely· Plea:se call 4U·911O or leave at Paie 
One 

announcements 
Film Not l Prell} PlcturelsTuesda)' January3Ith 
nol reb 3rd 
Tomorrow, Januan 26, ., ~presenlau'-e or tl'w 
Ca lifornia Colleae or PodJalnc Med.Jcme Will bt 
available to Interview students Inlerut.ed m the 
practice of podIatry and 10 educate thoH ",-hodKin 'l 
kno .. ' they were Intere ted Tbe reprtleotatlve .... 111 
be aVQllable In C. reer Plan",ne &. Placement, 

:- 0>1. :tpn ng H~&1t 10 Mauu lan or .ilh y other travel Buddlnl B rrom 9 00 am to noon The minimum 
needs call TLC Travel 566-1490 ( l In) requirement for admlilion issuct't'ssful completion 

of 2 years or ac .. denuc I'ludy, but studt-nUl II~ 
BOOK ON CA MPl'S Europe, Hawaii a nd New encouraaed to complete! or rna ... years pnor to 
Yo rk- Charte r n l,h l.!l CIEEStudent TravelStudent apphc8tion The educational prollram In podiatry I. 
Cenle r 8-023 Open weekday. 12-4 Call 4~.0630 ,p:..',:: ... ,;.n_led ___ '_n _3 _fU_II_C"_IO_nd_ a_'..:.y_.a_I1I ___ _ _ 
(6111) -

Lost & Found 
Loot bel, o _ "·a lle l. If found pie ... call In! 
eves 270-f3Z2 

it is unimpor tant. Such things 
ex ist in art or real life, a nd unle~s one looks at it, one is 
blind and stupid. I don' t ca re if 
you think me a drunk , drug 
a ddi ct, or think th at Ra nd , 
Marx and Nie tzche a re luna-
t ic . Ju t don 't attribute thtng 

I've never outright claimed for 
my elf to b m point of view 
You may find that I'm a fairly 
lik able guy . 

Whales ..• · 
(Continued from page 1) 
givi ng to February. In the 
warm hallow waters of Baja 
California the whale mates or 
gives birth to 15-foot calves 
weighi ng about a ton . The 
w hal -e nurses it s young , 
providing 40 to 50 gallon of 
milk fer it calf. After spending 
two mc.nths in Baja, it begins a 
northe rn migra tion. 

Whale watche are regularly 
.. 1" .. Jul J ut I .. ,v,," vf the 
portfishing dock in San 

Diego At eaforth portH hing 
in We t Mission Ba , th r(.' ar 
watches 'even day per wee~, 
with adult ttckets costing $5 , 



(ContlJlU~ from pale 1) 
involver1tent with the San Diego 
Symphony , prompted his 
recent'yj published fiction novel 
Sympbo y. The action takes 
place In Eagle City, centering 
araune the lives of 20 symphony 
members. 

Asked about some of the 
slightly " risque" scenes in the 
book, Waddy said, " It would be 
ridiculous to pretend that all 20 
people go home happily after 
the performance." He quickly 
and emphatically added, " the 
book is certainly not porno-
graphic." 

Currently on the drawing 
board is a series of books 
centering around the lives and 
developments of Eagle City, 
with Waddy at work on one of 
the books now. He also looks 
forward to the fall 1978 
publication of the " last batch" 
of his Biblical drama plays, 
entitled "Drama in Worship." 

. 

At the age of 60 Waddy has 
" retired" from the church in 
that he is not paid anymore, but 
says be, with his title of 

Soft Contact 
Lens Investigation 

Patients needed for new soft contact 
lens investigation Service charge 
for matenals only. 

299-5592 Tuesdays & Thursdays. 

- -XEROX 
-

, . 

COPIES 

2~-oo" WIth 
mInimum 

~E8~ COLOR I XERO)t; 
SOc Each 

1601 Sixth Avenue 35<: duplicates 

23'1·1676 
, 

0 1 EN 7:30 a.m. ' 10 p .m. M-F 
Satuldays & Sundays 10-5 

~ 

triton times 
...... ,. JIlftUIIIJ 25. 

Honorary Assistant at St. 
James, is doing " just as much 
work around the county as 
ever." 

As for his work on the "dead" 
languages at UCSD, he points 
proudly to the fact that when he 
started teaching here nine 
years ago he only had seven 
beginning Latin students , 
whereas this last quarter the 
course attracted 85 students. 

Alums ••• ((;ontlnued from page I) 
Michael Parrish arE' chE'duled 
to be among the particlpdnts at 
the public fotum. Tickets for 
the event are available at the 
UCSD Extension office, located 
at Warren Campus 103. Spring 

Break 
• In 
MAZATLAN 

" I th i nk student s a e 
fascinated by doing that which 
is totally different," he said. 
"The course gives you pieces of 
literature, history and philoso-
phy. Besides, where else a re 
you going to translate crazy 
little stories?" 

Or have a teac h e r lik e 
Lawrence Waddy. 

Among the traditional events 
of the Alumni & Friends are the 
Spring Fund Drive and the 
annual Alumni Budget. During 
the fund drive , alumni are 
asked to make contributions to 
the uni versity according to 
their ability. However, if people 
are unable to contribute, this 
does not exclude them as 
members, Shepa rd added . This 
year, the Alumni Banquet will 
be held in conjunction with the 
ten yea r reunion . 

$17100 
total 

$2.00 OFF on 
~~~ 

Leave March 27 5 days/4 nights 
includes hotel, deluxe dinner, 8Del:laIl 
discount book, taxes, airfare, 'bay 
cruise and airport transfers. 

FOR MEN AND WOMEN 
WITH THIS AD 

DBA PAULS COAST BARBERY 

FOR APPOINTMENT CA LL 755-4433 

1224 CAMINO DEL MAR. DEL MAR 

Co" Now - 566-8490 

TLC Travel 
;11'1 1) MIRA .'~AR ROAU. S ITE " f) " 

SAN IJII:CO. CAI.IH)R /.\ "~JlI 'PJlON E I 7 14 1 5('b . S490 

How E'!8Iyn.Wood Reading 
DynamICS gIVes you a 
competitive edge in school. 

, 

School at any level means reading ... lots of it. Keeping up with 
thousands of pages can take a heavy toll in time and energy, and 
grades. If you ' re tYPical , you read 150 to 350 words a minute. But 
hOw do you get ahead of the rest? 

Evelyn Wood can triple your 
reading rate and improve your 
comprehension and study skills. 
Hundreds of thousands of students use the Reading Dynamics 
Method They find reading less of a chore . Concentration and 
retention Improve , whi ch can lead to better grades. A competi-
tive edge IS important . . too Important for you to delay. 

Prove it to yourself today! 
Whether you ' re thinking of grad school or the job market , or If 
you want to keep up With course reading today, let Evelyn Wood 
Reading DynamiCs give you a competitive edge. 
In fact Evelyn Wood guarantees that you Will trtple your reading 
rC!te If you follow the course correctly , or your full tullton 
refunded That's our competitive edge. 

Attend a free 
Evelyn Wood Mini·LessonR at: 

***(SPECIAL INVITATION TO: UCSD 
STUDENTS, FACUL TV, STAFF.)*** 

SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY: 
AZTEC CENTER-ROOMS KAND N 
DAIL Y: January 25, 26, 27 - Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. 
TIMES: 12 noon, 2:00 pm, 7:00 pm. 

$100.00 STUDENT DISCOUNT - CAMPUS CLASS, .ONL V. 
PLUS 

RAFFLE FOR A FREE SCHOLARSHIP. 

Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics. 
The Competitive Edge. 


