
Warren dedicated with ruffles, grum61es 
"College has set Students feel 
high standards" snubbed by event 

by Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor 

With all the requisite pomp and circumstance 
Fourth College officially became Earl Warre~ 
College in a ceremony Saturday night at the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

Associate Supreme Court Justice Thurgood 
Marshall and former California governor 
Edmund G. "Pat" Brown were the featured 
speakers at the ceremony for the four-year old 
college. 

Other speakers 

While campus-wide and Warren College 
administrators appeared pleased with the 
course of Saturday night's Warren College 
dedication ceremony, students who attended the 
event in the Mandeville Auditorium were 
generally angered by the affair. 

Students interviewed by the Triton Times 
:1 before and after the dedication felt the way the 

I. 
program was planned represented a snub to 
students. 

'" Warren senior Nico Nierenberg represented 
; the feelings of most students interviewed when 
1- he said, " It was supposed to be the naming of a 
:III 

I 
In addition, UC President David Saxon, 

Chancellor McElroy, Warren provost Lea 
Rudee, Warren's daughter Nina Warren Brien 
and Warren's son James spoke at the evening 
ceremony about the man who was governor of 
California and Chief Justice of the Supreme 
Court. . (Please turn to-page 8) 

u.s. S.preme Co.rt A.eoc:i.ate Ju.tice Thurgood M .... haO 
.peake at Sat.nlay'. Wane. College detticatiou, u Warreu 
Pro,,"t Lea R.dee Iooka 0 •. 

college, and students should've been more 
involved . But there weren't any students 
anywhere near the podium. The university is 
terrible on this point - they always seem to 
forget that students are here. too." 

(Please turn to page 8) 

... .... ., .... .." •• 1171 

Free beer lures 1500 
to Student Center 

-Ttlree resign ·from advisory panel 
Students say fee committee has become a "farce" 

by Reed Alpert 
by Laura A. Richter Associate News Editor 

News Editor Three student members of 
Beer: the opiate ofthe people. What better way to smooth the the Advisory Committee on 

teeming masses than to offer free light and dark, pizza at4O¢ a Student Fee Programs have 
slice, and a jazz band to smooth the rough ed es? resigned recently due to 

In yet another amazing feat, the AS threw a ~sft Friaay·~k!QDtD·l't..with t;headmmistration 
noon in front of the Student Center for which approximately over the amount of control the 
1500 people turned out. The Graduate Student Council and Advisory Committee should 
C.I.E.E Travel contributed the Miller, while AS memQers have over the $4.4 million 
handled pizza and coke sales and paid for Dance of the Universe Student Fee budget. 
Orchestra . . 

" It's great, " said Chancellor William McElroy. " If I weren 't 
so busy I'd come back for seconds." 

Despite the discouragingly long lines, most of Friday's beer 
drinkers managed to fill, and refill , their plastic cups, which 
were distributed upon the inspection of a driver's license. 
Hands were stamped for identification. 

During the afternoon, one beer led to another and .. . there 
have never been so many people Imitating steve Martin at the 
same time . . 

"This is what college is all about," said Triton Times' Spotts 
Editor Steve Gould, in line for his fourth round. Another 
student, Dave Horan, said he was (ooking forward to the 
opening of a bar, which is in the planning stages, on campus 
next quarter, adding that "It'll relieve a lot of tension on 
campus." 

Julie Poteete was "very happy and very buzzed," while Ted 
Burke commented that "They'd have a higher turn-out for the 
elections if they had beer." 

The event was termed" a step in the right direction" by Terry 
VanArsdale, who was" amazed that UCSD would do something 
like this." Chris Warren agreed whole-heartedly, and Dan Ivie 

was" for rit. " 

lut FrMIay'. AS Beer .... WM a ........... cc ... 

Vandy Linstrot, the Third 
College representative, Kevin 
O'Connor, Graduate Students 
representative , and Jared 
Dreicer, Associated Students 
representative, are the three 
students . 

" I feel the committee is a 
rubber stamp for the vice-
chancellor (of student affairs) 
office," said Linstrot. "I don't 
like how the whole thing was 
handled by the administration 
and how manipulative a lot of 
the administration was." 

The seven student members 
of the Advisory Committee 
have been at odds with the vice-
chancellor's office since 
summer, 1977, when acting 
vice-chancellor of student 
affairs Howard Hunt allocated 
$103,000 that the Advisory 
Committee had recommended 
be banked until they could 
make recomendations on its 
use. 

During Spring quarter, 1977, 
George Murphy, then vice-
chancellor of student affairs , 
sent two memos to the Advisory 
Committee assuring them 
"prior advice" on the realloca-
tion of future savings. "Prior 
advice" means consultation 
before action. Murphy resigned 
in April, 1977, and Hunt took 
over until a permanent 
replacement could be found. 

When the Advisory Commit-
tee reconvened in Fall quarter, 
1977, the controversy over the 
$103,000 allocation by Hunt 
continued to grow (Triton 
Times, Oct. 24, 1977) . After a 
temporary withdrawal from 
the Advisory Committee by the 

student members, the adminis-

tration agreed to rewrite the 
committee ' s policy and 
procedure manual to include 
" prior advice" in the guide-
lines, 
"Rubber stamp committee" 
Dreicer echood Liftstrot 's 

feelings about the Advisory 
Committee. "The vice-chancel-
lor is not answerable to us, he 
doesn 't have to do anything the 
committee says," he said. " It's 
pretty much of a rubber stamp 
committee." 

"The committee is a farce, " 

said O'Connor. " I don ' t want to 
give legitimacy to that kind of 
process. Ostensibly it controls a 
budget of $4 million , but it 
really controls nothing." 

Chancellor William McElroy 
said the resignations were "a 
mistake. It (the conflict) is 
water over the dam. We're 
trying our best to get all the 
student input on all the campus 
committees. It will certainly 
happen again if they (the 
students) don't stay in there 
and represent the students." 

Del Mar to fill two 
council seats in March 

by Cindhi Hill 
Staff Writer 

Residents of Del Mar will choose from four candidates for two 
open positions on the City Council in the election scheduled for 
March 7. 

Included on the ballot will also be four considerations 
concerning moderate income housing, which will serve only as 
advisory measures. 

The candidat~s inclu~e incumbents John Weare al)d Nancy 
Hoover, and resldents Rlchard Roe and Robert Blevins. 

UCSD student Robert Earl Scott II also returned a complete 
appl.ication, . but his candidacy was invalidated when the County 
Reglstrar dIscovered that not all 20 signatures on his required 
petition were registered Del Mar voters . 

UCSD professor 
John Weare, 37, an associate professor of chemistry at UCSD 

has )ust completed his term ~s mayor of Del Mar. Weare, a strong 
envlronmental advocate, cItes lmplementation of the City's 

Ge~e,r~l Plan, and developm~nt of the Local Coastal Program, 
whlCh 10cludes the preservatIOn of the San Dieguito Lagoon as 
some of his central concerns. ' 

Incurnbe~t Hoover, .37, a stock broker, also cited protection of 
the lagoon 10 her candldate's statement. In addition she noted her 
desire ~o " help decide the direction we take" on the Seagrove Park 
extensIOn and the downtown commercial area as well as 
residential developments outside Del Mar that may " adversely 
impact" the city . 

Roe, 41 , owns Publisher's Inc., located in Del Mar. He was a 
ca.ndidat.e for the ci~y council four years ago, but dropped out 
mldway 10 the campalgn . .!n his candidate's statement he says that 
the future of Del Mar " should be plesant" now that the "strife that 
produced the new general plan ... seem.' to be over." Roe favors a 
council that will be responsive and will "work together for a new 
era of enjoyment and constructive coo aeration , " 

Blevins owns an automobile dealership in San Diego. He has 
withdrawn his optional candidate's sU tement and could not be 
reached for comment. 

The four housing alternatives were placed on the upcoming 
~allot ~f~er c~)Uncil members exn~ """,..m nVPr """,,iving 
htUe cltlzen mput as to the potential method of encouraging 
moderate income housing in Del Mar. 

Any persons residing in Del Mar may obtain regl tnsLic!l cards 
at Del Mar City Hall, 201 Camino Del Mar and must turn them 111 by 
Feb. 6. 



,.... trbn_ 

Letters to the Editor 
Unification church possible danger 

F .... wonl_ ..... oil? 

NO 
~HAr.E O1t 

HERE! :::I , 
I 
f 

EcUtor: 
I am writinl concel'llina the ad 

for Rev. MOOD wblcb appeared In 
Iut WedDelclay'l Triton Timel. I 
UDderlltand It Is neeeuary for you 
to accept aU adverUllna and I 
respect the ri,bt of tbe Unl · 
flcation Churcb to rell,lous 
freedom. I would like to have a 
chance to share wbat llulow about 
tbll or,anlzation . Throu,h 
perlOnal experience and readinl I 
have discovered tbat the · 
Unification Church II not quite 
what It appears to be and in fact 
can be danleroul. 

First of all . the Unification 
Church Is not Christian. Moon 
denies the deity of Christ. He also 

Sundesert plant issue raised 
Editor: 

A tremendous conflict re,ardin, the enerlY needs 
of San Die,o is presently under consideration by the 
State Ener,y Resources Conservation and 
Development Commission. The issue is whether San 
Die,o Gas and Electric (SDGE) should build a 
nuclear reactor complex near Blythe. California . 
which would supply area residents and industry with 
1900 me,awatts ofincreased power potential by 1_. 
Since the Triton Times has cbaracteristically 
ienored the issue. I would like to express a. few 
points. 

The project called " Sundesert" is presently 
outlawed by an act of the state legislature . 
Construction of all new nuclear power plants was 
banned until satisfa ctory plutonium storage 
methods were found . SDGE is appealing to the 
legislature to grant an exemption for Sundesert 
through A.B. 1852. This requires the state Energy 
Board to make a recommendation to the legislature 
on whether the exemption should be granted. This 
same board held public hearings in San Diego on 
Jan. 18 and 19. The idea of public hearings sounded so 
much like democracy. that fabled beast the stalks so 
much of American history. that I had to attend. 

Listening to the flow o( citizens expounding their 
views. I got the (ollowing impressions . 

The pro-Sundesert forces were primarily of that 
class of citizens who have power and/or wealth and 
wish to keep it. They were manufactureres. builders. 
research scientists and local business lrouPS. Many 

were heavy usen of electricity and were concerned 
about a continued supply. Others. who were 
facilitators of San Dielo's continued growth. feared 
that electrical shortales might curb the population 
potential of the area. It was euy to see the economic 
interests which guided their thoulhts. Nuclear 
scientists too. had their stake. but they were much 
more direct. makiDi statements such as. if future 
leoerations are too dumb to handle nuclear power 
and waste. then they' re too dumb to carry on the 
human race. and deserve their fate . Another spoke 
about the issue as a completely technieal one. He 
lectured the audience. not the commission. for 25 
minutes (10 minute limit) on the radioactive dangers 
o( coal burning plants. and concluded that nuclear 
power was our alternative. The Incredible arrolance 
and complete lack of rapport with the common man 
is characteristic of the elite technologist class. They 
consider themselves the only ones capable of 
deciding questions such u nuclear power. The 
average citizen is far too emotional! 

Average citizens were at the hearing in vast 
majority and they were angry. A housewife spoke 
briefly on the tremendous risks. then poured a small 
bag of flour onto the podium. This. if it were 
plutonium. could kill everyone in the United States. 
she stated. A woman from the Committee for 
Economic Democracy pointed out that SDGE's 
record had rashly sunk 80 million dollars into 
Sundesert before approval. and now desperately 

(Please turn to page 11) 

Private institution in Oakland is "first rate" 

Most of this income comes from 
his followers. selliDi items and 
asking donations. ten to fifteen 
houn a day. six days a week, 

Certainly everyone has the 
freedom to join any or,anization 
but I ur,e anyone considering one 
of Moon's twCHIay seminars to 
investij(ate the Unification 

maintains that salvation throu,h 
Cbrlst i. incomplete, that a 
complex system of obedience to 
Moon Is necessary. In no way are 
these views compatible with 
eltablilhecl Christian doctrine. 

His organization is also 
danlerou • . Many ex·followers 
have emereed mentally scarred. 
This Is a dallier only to tbose 
individual. who Join his organ· 
ilation. but Moon has more 
worldly ainbitions. Moon himself 
bas said. "I will conquer and 
subjulate the world. I am your 
brain . " Moon is a man of 
tremendous wealth. ownin, much 
property and turning over an 
eilht million dollar aMual profit. • 

Church before golnl . Moon's 
followers can exert a powerful 
psychological influence and 
things look very different when 
you know both sides of an iSlue. I 
would be gald to provide any 
information I can. 

CATHY FOX 
P.O. Box 1349 

TT can do little to 
surprise Jon Bekken 

Editor: 
Montgomery Reed's letter. printed in the TT's hallowed Pages in 

Ja"uary 2Oth·s iaue. was a pitiful effort as a "Commentary on UCSD 
Politics." However. as a rebuttal to Mark Stadler's ill conceived 
commentary. It was not only effective. it was devastating. Even in its 
edited form It clearly presented the faults of Stadler's column as well as 
destroyiq many of the myth. reiterated in said column. 

However. due to the totally inappropriate headline given to his letter, 
as well as the smaller type size in which it. as well as all letters recently 
printed in the Trash's pages . probably few people read, or even saw. 
Montlomery's letter. I have no doubt that the Trash. carrying on a 
tradition found throughout its history. will fail to print my letter. Failing 
that. it will be headlined with some totally irrelevant phrase . somewhat 
akin to the "TT blamed for Opinion Letters" placed over a letter of mine 
printed last year in your rag. (In that letter I criticized the Triton Trash 
for endoning letters it knew to be not only incorrect. but slanderous.) 

There is little the TT can do to surprise me. A precdent for almost any 
dirty trick or shoddy journalistiC practice can be found in the Trash 's 
history . In the beginning of this year I expressed my belief tha t the TT 
was improving. at that point it appeared to be approaching the finesse. 
and quality. of a high school journal. However. the TT has snatched itself 
from the jaws of mediocrity. and returned to the yellow psuedo-journalism at which it has earned its name. 

JON BEKKEN 
(Editor's neKe: Reed's letter was not edited; nor was Bekken's. We 

decided to print le'ten in a smaller poln, size so we CaD fl' as many as 
possible inlO each issue.) 

Panthers' school threatened by charges· 
by Pat Roberto 

Pacific News Service 

Oakland. CA. Jan . 26 -
A pace ·setting pr i vate 

elementary school which has 
provided first·rate educations 
to some of this city's poorest 
children - and high acclaim to 
the Black Eanther Party which 
runs it - is facing an uncertain 
future as a result of charges of 
attempted murder, extortion 
and fraud brought against 
party members. The allega· 
tion s. some believe . may 
threaten the .survival of the 
Black Panther Party itself. 

The accusations. including 
welfare fraud , extortion and 
t wo s hooting s supposedly 
connected with the murder trial 
o f Pa n t he r le a de r Huey 
Newton. have a lready created 
a breach between the school 
and public officials such as 
Oakland Mayor Lionel Wilson. 
who recently resigned from the 
school 's board. 

Pal Roberto reports for Time 
m a gaz i ne from tbe San 
Fr n isco Bay Area. 

., et . whil e off icialdom is 
maiqtaining a discreet distance 
fro m a ll Panther activities. the 
sctool 's grassroots IIUpport if! 

th i:~ predominantly non-white 
cit l of 328.000 has grown even 
mere loyal. 

. 1 go down there and I see for 
mJ s,U the love and concern 
tht;y have for the children." 
saId one mother. " Why should I 
care who runs it or what is 
being said about them? " 

" You read that the Panthers 
did this or they d id that ," said 
a no t he r mother whos e t wo 
daughters attend the school. 

"Then you turn around and see 
all the good things they do a nd 
the progress these children are 
making." 

If reading and math scores 
and a demanding curri<!ulum 
are indications, the progress of 
the Oakland Community 
School's 150 two·and·a·half to 
12-year·old students is remark· 
able. . 

Children enrolled in the 
program from the sta rt 
consistently score one to two 
yea rs beyond grade level on the 
Comprehensive Test of Basic 
Skills . which the school 
administers at the beginning 
and end of each year. Transfer 
s tudents from the Oakland 
Public Schools, where students 
score among the worst in the 
state and the na tion in reading, 
usually reach grade level in two 
years' time. 

The staff, who devised the 
curriculum and plan to market 
it. feel the achievements of 
their students are small cause 
to marvel. 

" This is o)"dinary everyday 
stuff," said Carol Granison, 
language arts director and 
former staffer for Scbolastic 
magazine. " For a child to learn 
is as inevitable as breathing. 
What is. extraordinary is the 
million s of kids who learn 
nothing sitting in public school 
classrooms. ' . 

What is also extraordinary is 
the number of services and the 
amount of attention available 
to students at the school. The 
staff consists of 16 full ·time 
teachers: 14 blacks and two 
whites. Class s izes vary from 
seven to 12 s tudent s . as 
compa red to the public school 
average of 28 . 

The school provides before· 

and ·a rter-school child care . 
three hot meals a day, complete 
medical and dental treatment 
and overnight care at a 
Panther· run dormitory when 
parents request it. 

All of this is free to parents 
who cannot afford the $25·a· 
month tuition. And most 
parents are single mothers who 
cannot. It costs the school about 
$30.000 a month to provide the 
services and pay salaries, with 
the money coming from a 
variety of grants, public food 
programs and private contri· 
butions. 

"We do everything for our 
children," said Ericka Hug-
gins . director of the school. 
" We see to it they have their 
meals . that their noses are 
wiped and that they are feeling 
okay." 

All of this adds up to an 
exceptionally heavy workload 
for the teacbers. three·quarters 
of whom are credentialed 
instructors with public school 
experience. At OCS they earn " 
flat $800 a month , or an average 
of $300 a month less than their 
public school counterparts. 
Most feel that the chance to 
work with small classes and the 

freedom from bureaucracy is 
ample compensation for the 
difference in pay. 

But even with these advant· 
ages the work is rigorous . 
Teachers work eight to ten 
hours a day . including super· 
vising children before and after 
school. They rotate breakfast, 
lunch and dinner duty. often 
serving the children and eating 
with them. They must also 
write brief weekly reports on 
every child they teach. And 
they are responsible to the 
other teachers if their home· 
room students fail to turn in 
assignments. 

At weekly faculty meetings. 
teachers and staff discuss the 
behavior and academic per· 
formance of individual children 
and plan strategies fo" 
improvement . A certain 
singularity of purpose - the 
welfare of children - per· 
vades. 

" Sure we sympathize with 
public school teachers who say 
they need more pay and better 
working conditions," said OCS 
curriculum coordinator Dr. Bill 
Moore. "But if you want those 
things, show us where your 
children are progressing and 

show us where they are not 
shooting up on drugs or 
drinking alcohol or tricking in 
the hallways. Because if you 
are a teacher, these things are 
your responsibility too ." 

There is an added dimension 
to the teaching zeal at the 
Oakland Community School: 
The majority of teachers and 
administrtors are members of 
the Black Panther Party. With 
their social , political and 
professional lives largely 
focused on the school. they 
form the core of a crucial 
alliance between faculty , 
parents and communit y 
resource people. 

"These people are vision· 
arjes without any economic 
motives." said one observer. 
" For the sake of that vision 
they have learned to fit into any 
structure that exists . They 
know how to organize. to get 
projects funded . Whatever it 
takes . " 

Non·party members at the 
school praise the party for its 
idealism but insist they see 
little influence emanating 
from a Panther ideology . 
" What binds us as a group is our 

(Please tum to pale 3) 

Panthers' school ... 
(Continued from pale Z) 
commitments to the same goal. 
not politics," said mathematics 
teacher Jackie Nado. " We are 
working together to educate 
children so they can analyze 
and make choices . There is 
nothing more exciting." 

Besides the dedication of 
teachers , Director Huggins 
says a crucial element in the 
school's success is the heavy 
involvement of parents. who 
are asked to work 12 hours a 
mo nth as classroom aides , 
ca feteria workers or office 
personnel at the school in lieu of 
tui tion . Family members are 
encouraged to participate in 
Panther-run teen projects and 
adult education courses a t the 
schOOl. In this way. the s ta (f has 
co ns ta nt contact with th e 
parents and siblings of their 
students , 

" Without prying. we try to 
know as much as we can about a 
child's home environment and 
we don ' t hesitate to make 
suggestions when we feel a 
change is needed ," Huggins 
said. 

For example. one four·year· 
old girl , labeled autistic by a 
county psychologist. had seen 
her pa rents fighting constantly, 
at times threatening each other 
with guns. 

"That situation could not be 
improved. So we explained to 
the mother how deeply her 
child was being hurt and urged 
her to move." said Huggins. 
"She did. and the girl started to 
talk and later to read much as 
any child." 

Since ghetto children rarely 
have any alternative to the 
loca l public school . parents 
whose children go to OCS 
express a mixture of enthus· 
iasm and gratitude toward the 
school. 

" I consider myself terribly 
lucky." said Marianne Keyes. 
whose nine·year-old son spent 
one year in public school 
" without learning a single 
thing . I was beside myself," she 
said . " I had to get him out 01 
there. He was going into a shell. 
Since he 's been at the commun· 
ity school I just can't believe 
the difference. He's grown up. 
He reads well a nd he has a lot of 
con ridence. " 

Pa t Dudley has three child· 
ren at OCS. A fourth daughter 
who graduated last year is an 
hono rs s tudents at one of 
Oa kla nd ' s best junior high 
schools . The school helped 
Dudley get legal help after one 
of her children was hit by a car. 
And when she went to the 
hospital this past summer. the 
school took care of the children 
at its dormitory facility . 

"For the first time in my life I 
have had time to do things with 
the peace of mind that my kids 
are be ing take,n care of." sai" 
Dudley. a single mother. " They 
love the school. r was thinking 
of leaving the state but they 
pleaded with me not to take 
them out of the school. " 

Pa rents seem unconcerned 
over the possibility that their 

~hildren might be politically 
mCl uenced by the Panthers . 
"There is no politics involyed. 

Spria. Break 
i. 

MAZATLAN 

But they do talk to the children 
about where they live and why 
they live there ." said Rita 
Means . " There is a lot of 
discussion about social 
conditions. The children 
become aware." 

The emphasis on social 
conditions rather than political 
interpretation is a distinction 
that avoids indoctrination 
Huggins says. " We do not 
impress our ideas on these 
children," she said. "But the 
education they get here is not 
just the three R's either. ltis an 
understanding that there is no 
more important purpose than 
to be obligated to other human 
beings." 

On the othe r hand , Huggins 
says th e scho ol a nd o t he r 
commun ity program s s pon· 
sored by the pa rty in no way 
s ignal c h a ng e of Pa n t her 
philosophy. 

" We are the same people we 
a lways were." she said . " We 
want a new order of things in 
this society and in the world . 
But we realize that if 'A' is 
oppressioin and 'Z' is freedom , 
youjustcan 'tjump from A toZ . 
If we want to change things thtO 
best way to begin is to educate 
our children." 

Although education students 
from nearby colleges constant· 
ly observe classes and write 
papers on the school , and state 
officials periodically commend 
it. local public school officials 
have shown little interest in 
OCS. 

" The children in that school 
are the same as you find in the 
public schools . yet their 
intellectual output is prodi· 
gious ." said Oakland City 
Councilwoman Mary Moore . 
" Unfortunately. most educa· 
tors want to ignore the school 
because it is run by the 
Panthers and also because it is 
a tremendous indictment of the 
school system." 

Vet public school teachers 
familiar with the Community 
School do not feel personally 
indiCted by its successes . On 
the contrary. they fe e l the 
school makes the very case 
teachers have been trying to 
make a ll along. 

" Smaller c lasses . a nd a n 
administration that draws in 
the pa rents and the commun-
ity , make all the difference in 
the world ." said Ron De 
George •. a teacher at Kaiser 
school in Oakland. 

Councilwoman Moore be· 
lieves the public schools could 
benefit from studying the 
community school and adapt· 
ing some of its developmental 
programs. " It would cost a 
fortune, but it could be done and 
it would save money later on. 
for welfare and prisons," she 
said . . AllegatIons 

But the school . or more 
properly . the Educational 
Opportunities Corporation that 
runs it . is being studied from a 
different angle in recent weeks. 

Since the shooting inCidents, 
newspaper articles have 
alleged that grant money 
awarded to the corporation for 
educational projects was used 

$171-'.,,,, 
LUI"e Narcla 27 5 day./4 Dight •. I.cI ••• hotel. 
del •• e di •• er ••• eei.1 di.eo •• t hook. t •• e •• 
.irf.n. hay eniee .ad Ilirport tr •• efen. 

~ C.II NOUJ - 5" 84M 

TLC Travel 
; 11'/0 I'o{I KA \ \A II IIOAU . SU llf:·' J) '· 
iiiiil~SAN "' n:o ('AI,nOIl 1. \ "JIJI 'PJl O NE I7 1~ ' 5(·(' ~4'O 

triton times Pqe3 

. Ii 
" .~.:~ oj ". / 

Small cI ••• rooma en~ble teacher. to work c1o_lywitb childr~n.t 
to pay rent fo r Panther P a rty ~----------------_, 
members . Some party memo , THE UCSD 
bers have a lso been accused of t t 
ex torting "~ontributions" fro!l1 t CATHOLIC CONMUNITY 
lo c al bu s lD esses fo r t heir t 
community projects. The ci ty is t Monday 7 pm t 
now auditing the corpora tion's JRR Tolkien and Christian F aith 
finances. a move that brought , orth Confuen(e Room. Sludenl Cenler t 
about the resignation of Mayor t' 
Wil s on from th e boa rd . U C F ·d 811 P t 
Suspects in the shootings have , n ay· m 
been identified as employees of '''S-~D· Rock Dance t 
the corporation who worked on , al Torrey Pints - Imperial Room" t 
the school premises. Ericka , Free 
Huggins is under investiga tion l_ 
for welfare fraud . 

All these problems, which 
have descended on the Pan-
thers since Huey Ne wton 's 
return from exile in Cuba last 
July . imply that necessa r y 
political and financial support 
for the school could fade . 

" People in high places forget 
to return phone calls or invite 
you to meetings . " said 
Councilwoman Moore in 
characterizing the reaction in 
city government. "You have 
to wonder what's happening." 
says Alameda County Super· 
visor John George. a Panther 
political ally. " But no one has 
tried to explain it to me . That's 
the situation with all of us from 
Jerry Brown on down." 

Summer Special Rate Program 
Mesa Apts. for Undergraduates 
Detailed application Information Is now 
available at each Resident Dean/Coun-
selor Office and at the Housing Office for 
the Summer SpeCial Rate Program at 
Me.a. The application period will begin 

,.. ................. _ ......................... _., ..... , March 15, 1978 and continue until all 
i t 
'COMMUNITY' spaces are full. The rate Is $200.00, and 
!t'BLOOD B A """n.r~ 1 only single undergraduates who have 
; ~".R.! lived the entire academic year In UCSD 
a 983 India ! I housln are ell Ible, . ~ 327 F Street ! I o...;.....;.._~ .... _....;....;... .... ____________ ...... 
, PAYSDONORS ;' ••••••••••••••••••• 
t i, · -. • • i for Service ',~ ••• ,J mm~ § ••• 
l Mon . . FrI. ..:. &--\t.§T~A tu- I •• L_ .... _~~~~._ .. _J :_~~V' .: Ut\tC;-: 

: Your daytime • 
• Lunch Served Mixologist . • 
• 11:30 •. m . Warren Higgins • 
• to 2:00 p.!p. • 
• Baropea 10 •. 1D •• 
• Try Chef Gene'. to 2 a.m. • 
• daUy.peetal. • 
• AIw.~ playtag • 
• Dinner Served record ...... of the • 
• 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. Big 88nd Er. • 

FeabatIIg ....... RIb, • • 
: Stak.ad Sul00d. 454-2313. 

• c:ft' ~ • • 'Aft • • c:.o:.:;;> • 
.... . .............. ~ 

We Are SINeiailds 
Dedicated To Quallt~ 

. Of FElt. AI EXTEISIVE IELEcn. OF 
TIl rna II WHICH WI IrEClAl1ZE 

OVER 226 IULK CONTAINERS 
• •. HELP YO~lF 

o FRESH BREAD 
o SEEDS FOR EATING - SPROUTING 
o GRAINS • NUTS. DRIED FRUIT 
o BULK HONEY • JUICES. ETC. 
• BASIC NATURAL FOODS 

JUICE BAR 6 TEA ROOM 

OPEl 7 DAYS A WEEK 
946 GARNET AV. IZ70-76-1 
PACIFIC BCH. 92101 - • 

OVEII..., HERBS • TEAS • SPICES 
OUR OWN BACKPACKING MEALS 
WE GRIND FRESH Pt:AIIU I BUll tR 
" ALMOND BUTTER 

2 BLKS. FROM THE OCEAN RET AIL 6 WHOLESALE 



.a....,. J-.." -.1171 
Cbekboy play. at Carter 

OPEN "Sea Gull" a crashing bore 
WORLD RECORD ~O. 
3211 Holiday Court 

La Jolla Phone 455-5580 

at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 
entry street to La Jolla Village Inn 

FINEST COLLECTIONS OF 
CLASSICAL, JAZZ and ROCK 

I BRI~ ~ ~;;~S~ I 
Store Hours - Open 7 Days 

Daily 10 to 9:30 p.m. Sunday 11 to 6 p.m. 

by JW LoIdIe Bueley 
AN Wriler 

Tbe Carter Center Stage's 
"Tbe Sea Gull" is a two bour 
production tbat runs four 
hours. That the pace is slow is 
beard as a familiar remark 
wben Cbekhov. that venerable 
institution. is being discussed. 
yet bad not the perfonnen 
ploughed headlong throUlb this 
production it might bave 
seemed longer still. Both 
characterization and the 
dramatic rhythms of Chekhov 
are adversely affected by the 
scramble to get to the end of 
"The Sea Gull", but credit is 
due to those brave thespians 
who finish what they start, an 
accomplishment to which the 
production as a whole proves 
unequal. • 

problem with pacln,. but 
iJltricately bound up witb that iJ 
a tendency towards uncalled 
for comedy and flippancy. A 
lively pace breeds humor. and 
there are very funny 
aed intbe 

'Chere IS • difference!!! 

Forty years San Diego has 
waited for the Old Globe 
Theatre/Carter Centre Stage to 
produce Chekhov. and from all 
appearances , it may be another 
forty years before either of the 
theatres produce Chekhov well. 
Apart from being dulling to the 
senses. this "The Sea Gull" is 
an underachiever - a good idea 
that went awry in the produc-
tion process. For some reason I 
expected it to be treated with 
the same care as are the 
summer Shakespeare plays 
(the theatre most certainly 
intended to do a good job) , but I 
was horribly disappointed with 
the resultant offering. 

PREPARE FOR: 

WM·WJ·~ The Carter's " The Sea Gull" 
has, as I already mentioned, a GMAT· GRE 

OCAT e V. e , SAT Pregn .. n!? Need Helpl M .. ke .. decision Both You 
.. nd Your Baby can live with. 

VOE • ECFMG • FLEX 
NAl'L MEDICAL BOARDS 
IAll DENTAL BOARDS 

NURSING BOARDS 
Flexible Programs And Hours 

2180 81r081 

270-8810 

~ .. H 
IrIJPlAN 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

Free Counseling .. nd Aid 
Pro llf~ lr u(' HOTliNE ~]·LlI f 

International Club presents 

"A Trip Through the Soviet Union" 

A slide show presentation 
Time: TUES. Jan. 31 at 7 pm 
Place: 1nternational Center 

Free! 

I r · · ~~t[; 
" I BEAUTIFUL KNITS DESIGNED AND IMPORTED 1"}000PO .... 1 I 

FROM AROUND THE WORLD... ~ I ~ 
t I I Regular priCes from $18.50 to $32.50 SBaCT 011. AT _GULAR PIIIC •••• I 

CHOO •• ANY .. COIID .WU...... POII.lUST It.GO 
LASTS nOM JANUA .. Y 3t TO ..... UA .. Y 7~Al 

f 

I 
I AT INTERNATIONAL MALE... 0 ~\... I I EXCITINGLY DIFFERENTI A1~ I 
I 
• , BEHIND AARON BROTHERS HOIn M-F 1~9 SII. IH Sun. 12-5 .• -.----------------~ 

,raspiq, middle-aged actress 
Arcadina, gives two servant 
girls a ruble and says. "It's for 
the three of you." One of the 
girls is fat. The audience 
laUlhs. But the reaaOD for the 
line iJ ~ show how incredibly 
avaricious Arcadin 

..... " January _, 1.71 triton times 

pianist Kuerti at Mandeville 

Critic-pleaser to play UCSD 
It says a lot about Anton 

Kuerti that he has chosen to 
play some of the most serious 
and demanding works in the 
repertoire on his reci~1 March 
15 at 8 pm in UCSD's Mande-
ville Auditorium. 

His appearance as part of the 
UCSD muisc department's 
Scholarship Piano Series will 
feature major works by 
Mendelssohn. Grieg,. Scriabin 
and Beethoven, including the 
immense "Hammerklavh,ir" 
Sonata. 

Kuerti bas made a glowing 
reputation for himself as an 
interpreter of Beethoven. He 
has already added his name to 
the select few who have 
recorded all 32 of Beetboven's 
Sonatas. Of that set, Gaynor 
Jones wrote in Fugue Maga-
zine: "Every serious record 
collector or lover of Beethoven 
should acquire these record-
ings ... because of the unique-
ness of Kuerti's musical 
gestures and the manner in 
which his magic has been 
captured on disc." 

The critics have been no less 
pleased with his concert 
appearances. From the San 
Francisco Examiner and 
Chronicle: "Kuerti plays with 
flawless technical ease, an 
always beautiful tone, and ideal 
tempos ... his phrasinll and 
sense of line are superlative. 
Ta ken as a whole, these 
performances rank beSide 
those of SctlOabel, which they 
resemble . " 

Born in Vienna, Anton Kuerti 
came to the United States at an 
early age and began his 
musical training when he was 
five years old. At age 12, he 
performed the Grieg Concerto 
with Arthur Fiedler and the 
Boston Pops Orchestra . 

By the time he was 18, he had 
already finished his formal 
education at the Curtis 
Institute with Rudolf Serkin. 
This led to engagements with 
practically every major 

conductor in the United States, 
including Szell, St ~inberg , 
Ormandy, Mehta and Ozawa. 
As if that were not enough, 
Kuerti is also an active 
composer. Among his recent 
works are a string quartet, a 
symphony and several piano 
works. 

Tickets available at the 
UCSD box office: General $5; 
UCSD personnel $4; students 
and senior citizens $3. 

TN Rrvrl/r Provost's OjJiu and th, . 
IkfHl""''''u 01 Drama, Visual Arts and Llltrature p"sent 

Director Joseph Strick 
showinc his award winning nlms 

J .... 30: "Portrait ofthe Artist.s. Young Man" 
Jan. 3': "Ulysses" 
Feb. 2: "Dubliners", "Finnegan's Wake" 
AI/films will b, sho ~ 'n at4 pm In thi' Mandel'ille Cmttr and ar"lru . Students. 
lacult .... staff and the communit ... are cordiQ/~r invited. 

, 

Februl,a 2, 1171 
7:00.8:15.1:30" 10:45 pm 

F $1 .50 8tudenta lZ.ooa.n.r .. TIdI ..... 
YOU loa Oftlaonl,. US82722 
UKE 
1-li4D. 

~'L 
t.en 

OIV Tti[?()AT 
ADULTS ONLY IN COLOR 

,.5 

••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• BrinQ !hI. coupon • 

= 99¢LUNCH = 
• Two Slices of Pepperoni = 
= Pizza and Salad • 

• • • • 
= I 
• • • • 
• • • • • • • • 
• We don't cut corners. • 
• • 
• LaJol~ • 
• 912 Silverado St. • 
• 1 ~S4-3131) • 

Clairemont Mission Beach • 
• 5583 Clairemont Mesa Blvd . 714 Ventura Pi. Sea Gull... SIGMA KAPPA. 1585·m2) I-.aeoo) ,. 

(Continued from page 4) •• 
A NATIONAL Oce .. n Beach State knowledge of himself. He is the • 5001 Newport Ave 5119 College Ave • 

anchQr of reality to a world of SORORITY • 12:l2.17n) [583.31118j . 
unfulfilled artists and lovers • • 
drifting around him , and 
Schmidt epitomizes this • EICajon Escondido. 
stolidity with the same ease as is seekiI& new -*s. • 583 North 2nd St 1711 fast Valley Pkwy • 
McKenzie internalizes Con- InllfIItId """",1nY1tid 10 IltInd InfIInnItIIn and rush parties. • 1440-7323) [741' 7718) . 
stantine ' s instability. InfInnIIIIR IIIPt: T8ItIPt 1:3H:OII1IIII .... Apt LoIIIIp. I 

Shame on Peggy Kellner for PartIes: T....ar, ... 31. 7:ON:3DjIII C .. rlsb .. d University Towne Centre' 
her ambiguous sets and c.ar ............ 11Ii1ICIIIIp • 2504EICamino Real 4S45LaJoIIaVillageOr. 
costumes. In both. the elegance f •• f. 3 (alfllflll'aj7:3D-t:30 PIlI • 1721-11271 ) 1411-1007) . 
of imperial Russia is impos- ........ lJIIIII • Offer eltpircs Feb. S. 1978 • 
sibly combined with the crudity 1k11 .... :CII1..,~ Fa ••••••••. •••••••••• ____ • -.. 
of peasantry. The shabbiness of =~~~~~ .. ~d~.~~;4U;MO~;15~~;:~;::;~:;=:;;;:~ .. ~ --- ..: thought that characterizes the 
rest of the production affects 
the design area as well, and the 
one sustained idea - that of 
using neutral tones for all the 
costumes except Arcadina's-
has only blahness as its result. 

Similarly, sound design. by 
Martha Gish, is an idea 
unrealized; Russell Redmond's 
incidental music is flaccid and 
indeed incidental. But since 
they were about it. the right 
music and careful design might 
have been used to help achieve 
the dramatic effect that is 80 
la ~!oWio~~ 

CHIISTIM $CIEICE 
CAMPUS COUfISElOIS 

help In~e seeking an WI-
derstandinl of God's laws and 
how they can harmonize hUlTlln 
e.perienc:e. This Science is based 
on the 81111e and ScIence Ind 
HuIlh wtth Ker to the Saipt ....... 
by Mary Baker Eddy. Counselors 
at UCSO: Paul Hofflund and Anne 
HotfllMld. 453·5217 . 
. . . . . . . . . . . 



trttDn times 
...... 

~~~!~ ~_. _~ a~ b~ I~ w NatioDal 
Palace M~um at Taipei, Republic of China, will be on display Monday, January 
30 throut. Saturday, February 4, in The Other Gallery, Room 1200, Humanities 
Library a g ., at UCSD. The art works have been loanect by the National Palace 
Museum alld the Chinese Consulate in Los Angeles. The exhibition is sponsored by 
the Chinese Student Association and the Department of Visual Arts. Gallery hours 
are Monday-Friday, noon-5 pm and Saturday, 9 am-3 pm. For further information 
contact: 'Barbara Ann Firger, 452-3120 or Janice Shen, 452-4152. 

1-7: 15 am: MeditatioD Center - provides a settiDg for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

I am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452-2522. 
Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 

l-! pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

3-4: ZO pm: Urban and Rural Studies, Third College presents Urban Affairs Forum-
Speaker: The Honorable Lucille V. Moore, Second District Supervisor, Chairwoman, 
County Board of Supervisors, San Diego County .. Humat,lities Library, Room 1438, 

I Revelle Campus. Reception and Press Conference Immediately followmg the lecture. 
For additional information, contact Mrs. Paulette Bell at 452-3692. 

3: 38 pm: CalPIRG Local Bard and informational meeting. CalPIRG/KSDT office. 
4:110 DIll: Hilh EnerlY Phvsics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. William R. Frazer, UCSD. 

Topic: The Two-Photons Process (gammae ) plus (gammae ) = hydrons m QeD. Loca-
tion: P&L 1110. , . ' . . . . . 

• pm: Director Joseph Stnck will speak and show hIS film "Por1ralt of the Artist as a 
Young Man." Mandeville Center. Free. 

4: 30 pm: Pre-Dents: First general meeting of the Pre-Dent club. All students 
welcome. North Conference Room, Student Center. 

6: 00 pm: Ski Club Meeting. Important: Here about trips & parties. Rec. Conf. Room. 
7-9 pm: J.R.R. Tolkien and the pilgrimage of faith . North Conference Room, 

Student Center. Free. 
8 pm-12 mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students which 

offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and activities that encourage 
interaction. Telephone\ 452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 
Warren Campus. Free. 

Tuesday 
6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 

Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 
9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452-2522 . 

Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 
12 noon-l pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational discussion; all must 

attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary,located in conference room 
at Student Health Center. 

12 noon-I: 30 pm: Sex Clinic. For individuals or couples seeking information or 
counseling about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates, facilitator. Call Yolanda at x3490 to sign 
up. Revelle Counseling Office, at Revelle Provost's Office. 

12 noon-2 pm: Third lecture in "Faces of Healing Lecture- Series" Osteopath-
Chiropractor-M.D. (a panel discussion) . Guests: Viola Fryman D.O., William Martine 
D.C. , Marshall Orloff M.D. All who are interested are welcome. TLH 107. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

2: 00 pm: Solid State PhysiCS Seminar. Speaker: Mr. David Kleinfeld, UCSD. Topic: 
Photosynthesis Under Higli Pressure. Location: AP&M 2402. 

3 pm: OASIS Target Study Skills Seminar - "Mid-term Exam Preparation." 
Warren College Bldg. 406. Free. 

4 pm: Director Joseph Strick will speak and show his award-winning film "Ulysses." 
Mandeville Center. Free. . 

S pm: Neurosciences Department Seminar - Speaker: Dr. Manfred L. Karnovsky, 
Professor, Dept. of Biological Chemistry, Harvard Medical School. Topic: " Brain 
Metabolism During Sleep." 2100 Basic Science Bldg. 

7 pm: "Images of Women in Literature" - discussion group. This week we will be 
discussing Virginia Woolf's To The Lighthouse . The group is open. Everyone is 
welcome. Women's Center. 

7 pm: Film - "Not a Pretty Picture" portrays the rape experienced by the film 
director at age 16, then deals with social implications thru discussion with the actors. 
Counseling Facilitators will be availc.lble after the film. HL 1402. Free. 

7 pm: Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All are welcome. Student 
Office, Argo Hall. 

7: 30 pm: Trident Christian Fellowship weekly meeting. Everyone welcome. Revelle 
Informal Lounge . 

7: 30 pm: " A Trip Through the Soviet Union" - A slide show presentation by V. 
Gurevich . Sponsored by: International Club. Location: The International Center. 

F~. I 
7: 30 pm: Bahai Fireside - All are invited to ask questions at this informal discussion 

to be held at the Student Center East Conference Room, next to the Women's Center. 
For info call Danny at 483-2257 or Ali at 272-9203 . East Conference Room. 

7:30-9 pm: " Women in Careers ," Isabel O'Donnell, A.A. Stockbroker. Shearson 
Hayden-Stone, President. Financial Female . International Center. 

8 pm: " Ha rold and Maude" - free film in the Fire'side Lounge. Sponsored by Third 
College Residence Hall Council. 

8 pm: Shakespeare's Macbeth , directed by Roman Polanski. HL 1438. Free . 
8-10 pm: Mandeville/City Club Lecture "San Diego: Inside" - Politics; Roger 

Hedgecock, Jim Mills, Maureen O'Connor. Mandeville Auditorium. Admission: UCSD 
student: $2 .00; City Club: $12 series, $4 single; General Admission: $16 series, $5 single. 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 'place for students 
which offers nightly entertainment, a va riety of refreshments, and activities that 
encourage interaction . Telephone 452-3092 (evenings) for updated program 
information . 711 Warren Campus. Free. 

I 

Wednesday 
6-7 ' 15 am: Meditation Center - provides -a setting for silent sitting meditation . 

Instru tion provided lor those who dl".'lire it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 
8 &"': WCSG Commuter Board Meeting . 405 WC. 
9 a1]1-S pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452-2522. 

Loclltlon: 1254 H-L. Free. 
Noop: UCSD Single Parents Group invites all single parents to come join the 

inte ·~tion Wednesdays from noon to 1 pm in Revelle Informal Lounge on topics such 
as 3& Going on 17, Sexuality, Children in Transition , Letting Go of the Past, The Dating 
Game and Single Parenting. Bring a sack lunch. Revelle Informal Lounge. Free. 

12 noon-I pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational discussion; all must 
attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located in conference room 
at Student Health Center.. . 

I pm: OASIS Target Study Skills Seminar " Mid-term Exam Preparation." Warren 
College Bldg. 406. Free. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided if desired . For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm . Free. 

h"at's-O 1/30~2/3 
A Weekly Guide to Campus Events 

•••••••••••••••••••••••• • ••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
.3-5 pm: Advisory Committee on Student Fee 

Programs (Reg Fee) meeting, including Budget 
Analysis and Program Review of all student services 
and programs. Communications Conference Room, 
Third College. 

4:00 pm: Colloquium. Speaker: Dr. Francis Chen, 
UCLA. Topic: New Ways to Control Fusion. Location: 
TLH 1M. 

5-6: 30 pm : Bi-monthly meeting. Students Active 
Towards Community Health will hold our 1st meeting 
this quarter. Nominations will be held and topics related 
to health careeers will be discussed. North Conference 
Room, Student Center. 

This has been a bad week. Not even the Wisdom of the 
Eucalyptus could overcome the Kafka-esque nature of 
this week. The mail has been rather meager to say the 
least and the assault upon this poor koala's cerebral 
tissue by nepotistic scholastic types has forced this poor 
koala to seek shelter in believing that not knowing that 
one knows is best (thank you La Tse). Nevertheless the 
Koalumn must go on ... 

Hi K. Wally ... 
I need your help with my problema. I kept a reserve 

book from tbe library an hour to (sic) long. Tbey fined 
me '2.50. Then &bey charged me '5.00 for processing. 
What a ripoff. $7.50 for one hour la&e. The Central 
Library does not even bave their stiff fines posted. If I 
don't pay up, they will not let me come back to school 
next quarter. What should I do? 

I thiDk the system is rigged. It smells like eucalyptus 
leaves. 

-Pissed Off 
Dear Pissed, Speaking of Kafka-esque .. . Sorry, but 

those aren't eucalyptus leaves you are smelling - it is 
something far more socially embarrasing. According to 
Central Library they only fine people when someontl 
requests the material that is overdue. The way that is 
done is quite easy. It costs two dollars for the first hour 
(or any portion thereof) and fifty cents more for each 
subsequent hour (or portio.ns thereof) . In regards to the 
five must have lost the stuff or held it for more 

To lIat your activity campua calendar 
.a wen .a the Times' What', On 
pl ... IUblnlt to EDNA, 
the Student I Center, by 5 pm on 
Thurad.y. Cllen''''rms available at 
EDNA. 

than twenty four hours, 
returned the stuff 
you then they goofed 
which case, good luck. 
time you go to the 
of pink sheets of 
fails do what Yo!;!;ari •• 
For further info call 

Dear K. Wally: 
Now lIIe Cbancellor 

1.0 have a head hair 
Is il true &bat Dr. 

formula for Head and 

Dear Nosey, From 
knew that Big Mac 
were looking in 

goofed again. If you 
hour and they still billed 
catch-22 is in effect - in 

of the fines , next 
for a huge stack 

r face. If all else 
It worked for him. 

at 452-3339. 

.ti .. onv .. r~'d tbe chemical 

Nosey 
find out no one even 
- are you sure you 

If Elton John can get a 

6 pm: Christian Fellowship Dinner (75¢). All are 
welcome. University-Community Church 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. ' 

7 pm: . Are you a sincere seeker of truth? If you want to 
~now With all your heart which church is right you will 
fmd t~e truth. Don't cheat " the man in the glass. " 

In~estlgate the church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day 
Samts and you can know of a surety that it is the only true 
church on the earth today. Check it out with real intent 
then "ask of God." Come to the Institute class and find 
out for yourself. At the little white house across the street 
west from Tioga Hall . 

K. Wally 

head job I don' t 
should not be any 

Asfarasweknow 
be.' But what we do 
the origins of linseed 
cow thoroughly baffle 
yet watch for him on 

Mac shouldn't. Money ( 
for sure. 
ul the answer is 'could -

show. 
Heah, Koala, 
Is it true tbat there 

phoiOChronography?" 

questions dealing with \ -______ --
number of stomachs in a 
it and find out. Or better 

of Groucho's game 

to be a new class in 

-John Cameron Timex 

Dear Keep on Tickin', How did you find out? It is being 
~ught b~ the p~ysics. dept. and it is about the study of 
time by hght With a tImepiece. 

Keep on sending those marvelous missives and 
saI?ient ~joinders to the K. Wally Koalumn, c/o the 

!n~n Times B-~16 , Student Center. You can even bring 
em m by hand If you want to. We're not picky. 

ere the gym 

bitontimes 
' .. 7 

8.pm-12 midn.ight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students 
which offers. mghtly .entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and activities that 
~ncoura~e IDteraction . Telephon e 452-3092 (evenings) Cor updated program 
mformatlOn. 711 Warren Campus. 

9 pm: Wedn~sday l;lootenanny - A. place for musicians to perform in an informal 
atmosphere. Sign up m Page One or Just show up. 5 & Dime, Muir Commons. 

Thursday 
6-7: 15 .am: M~itation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation 

InstructIOn p.rovl~e.<I for ~h?se who desi~e it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free.' 
9 ~-S pm. Wntmg ChnlC - Help With course papers. For appoint. call 452-2522 

Location: 1254 H-L. Free. . 
12 noon: AMES 205, Seminar NO. 4, Film Series - " Turbulence " 7104 Urey Hall Free. . . 

D.12:~ p~: ~iophysics Sem!nar. Speaker: Dr. Reto Strasser, UCSD. Topic: Energy IstnbutlOn 10 ~ho~osynthetlc]dembranes. Location: MH 3403. . 
1-% Po:': MedltatlOt,l Cel"!ter , provides a setting for silent sitting meditation Inst~chon .provided If deslred .1 For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. . 
3-4. 40 p~. Gradu~te Stud~nt Therapy Group. This group will have an unstructured 

format, With the tOPICS and Issues to be determined by group members Mixed 
to.women only at this time. Those interested call Becca at x3755 for a~ appoint~:~ 
Will be held at 2105 H&SS, Muir Campus. . 

4: ~ pm:. Astrophysics-Space Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Virginia Trimble UCI 
TopIC: White Dwarfs. for Fun and Profit. Location: USB 2622. . 

4 pm: ~~ES FlUid Mechanic~ Seminar - "Scale Analysis for Turbulent Jet ~~li~~~·. Speaker: Dr. E.J. LiSt, California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, 
4. pm: Director Joseph Strick will speak and show his films "Dubliners" and 

"Fmnegan's Wake." Mandeville Center. Free. S: 30 pm: W~~en's Center .general meeting, all women welcome. Women's Center 
S. 30 pm: P?ht~ournal meetmg, new members welcome; articles now being accepted ' 

HL 2550, PohScI Conf. Room. . 

C 7 pm: Women's Rap Group: Topic: Social and Sexual Relations with Men Women's enter. . 
7 pm: Bicycle Maintenance Class - taught by ace mechanic Learn to r 

wheels.! a~d ge~~s and br~kes, etc. Bike Shop. Free. . IX your own 
f 7 PWm'IFdIDlm - The Key (struggle of Palestinian People) . Sponsored by Committee or or _ e!llocra~y and Third World Studies. 2622 USB. Free. 

7-.10 pm: Fllf!1 Senes - documentary films about political and cultural situation in 
vanous countnes. USB 2622. Free. Sponsored by Committee for World Dem 

7: 30, 8: 45,9: 30 and 10: 45pm: Movie: "Deep Throat." USB 2722. Admission: S~~:~~~ 
$1.50, non-students $1.75. Four Showings. ' 

8 Po:' ~nd .10 pm: The Outback Cafe presents " The Chaplin Revue" three of Charlie 
Chaplin s fmest Cllms: " A Dog's Life", "Shoulder Arms" and "Th~ Pilgri .. Th 
Outback Cafe, 711 Warren Campus. Admission 25¢. m . e 

Friday 
6-7: 15 .am: M~ditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditaf 

InstructIOn ~rovld~~ for t~o.se who desi~e it. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Fr~~~ ' 
9 a~-s pm. Wntmg ChnlC - Help With course papers . For appoint call 452-2522 

LocatIOn: 1254 H-L. Free. '. 
Noon-t' pm: Self-Defense Workshop - wear loose clothes West balcony of Gym 
F~. ' . 

J.Z P".l: Medi~ati0':l Ce~ter - provides a setting for silent Sitting meditation 
Instruction proylded If deSired. For inCo call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. . 

5 pm-12 ~ldDlght: Ne~d a quiet supportive place to study on Friday night? Students 
Cor Supportive AllopathiC Study (SSAS) will open Garren Auditorium BSB i105 t II 
UCSD students as a study hall on Friday from 5 pm-12 midnight All are welcome' BSo aB 1105. '. 

6: ~5 ~m: Oneg ShabbatiPotiuck Dinner. Speaker: Barry Weiss (American Assn for 
EthIOpian Jews) on "Ethiopian Jewry ." Sponsored by the Action Committee' for 
Oppressed Jews and Union of Jewish Students. North Conference Room St d t Center. ' u en 

8-11 pm.: Rock Da~ce with "The Clouds" sponsored by UCSD Catholic Comm 't 
Torrey Pmes Impenal Room. Free. UDI y. 

Saturday 
6-7: IS .am: M~ditation Center - provides a setting for silent Sitti ng meditation 

InstructIOn ~rovlded ~or those who desire it . Fo~ info call 75~995 after 9 pm. Free. ' 
.9 am-5.pm. The Scnpps Aquanum-Museum Will present a special course on Marine 

Birds w,lth expe.rts f~om government, educational institutions, and conservation 
groups. $5 . ~0 regls~ratlOn fee . Contact 452-4087 for more info. Sumner Auditorium 

10 am: ~Icycle Ride. Twen~y to forty miles easy to medium pace - for everyone ~ho 
loves cycling. Meet at the Bike Shop at 10 am. 

11 am-5 pm and 9 pm-I am: Almost Anything Goes and Dance. Revelle Field a nd 
Cafe. ' 

5 pm: <;:atholic Mass - following mass wine and cheese and short film . University 
Commumty Church . 

5 pm-.12 midnight.: Need a quiet place to study Saturday night? Students for 
Supportive AllopathiC Study, a student organization open to all UCSD students will 
open Garren Auditorium BSB 1105 as a study hall on Saturday from 5-12 midnight All 
are welcome. BSB 1105. . 

7 pm: Third College Talent Show - free admis ion . Sponsored by Third College 
ReSidence Hall Council. Location TLH 107. 

8 pm: Showing" Roots" in its entirety (24 episodes) four episodes per night (2 hours) 
Show limes and places are as follow : Feb. 4: 8 pm USB 2722 , Feb. 5: 8 pm USB 2722: 
Feb. 6: 7 pm and 9 pm TLH 104 ; Feb. 8: 8 pm USB 2722: Feb. 9: 8 pm USB 2622 Free' 
Sponsored by Black Student nion . . . 

Sunda.y 
6-7: IS. am: M~italion Center - provides a setting for ilent itting med 't t' 

Instruction provld~ for those who de ire it. For info call 755-5995 aft 9 J: Ion. 
8: 30 am: Catholic Mass - University Community Church er pm. ree. 
10 am: Lutheran Communion service with UCSD Cam ' us P 

University-Community Church , 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive p astor John Huber. 
10: 30 am; Ca~holic Mass - ~orth Confe~ence Room, St Ident Center. 
12.03 p~. Episcopal Euchanst Mass. Umversity-Community Church 9595 La J II Shores Drive. ' . 0 a 
5 pm: Catholic Mass - University Community Church 
8 pm: "R~ts" first of four episodes . USB 2722. F'r~c. . 
h8.Phm-IZ mldn.lghl: The Out~ack Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for stud ts w IC offers mghtly entertamment, a variety of refreshments and ... en ~ncourage interaction . Telephone 452-3092 (evenings) for' uPda~C~vltles that 

mformatlon. 71! Warren Campus. Free. e Ploaram 



...... 

, 

ftI CIte ~ ......... III .. ,I'" .. uc ... .,...... ..... , .. LeIIIIIIi ,; ........ 

Dedication ••• 
(CoadnHd from pale 1) 

New York TimeS columnist 
Anthony Lewis, who covered 
the Supreme Court durilll the 

"Why name a collele after 
Earl Warren?" Marshall asked 
rhetorically In his talk. "That 
doesn't take too much thinkiDl, 
but It does take lOme time, to 

1IondIY • ......., •• 117, 

Warren was not Interested In 
anythlnl a • • peCific as burnan 
ri,hts or civil riPt., Manhall 

SAN· DIEGO INSIDE years Warren was Chi.ef Justice, spoke at an earlier 
event, Saturday afternoon at 
the medical school campus. 

said: "He just believed people 
were people - and he loved 

look backward and forWard. A people." 
colle,e's name has Inspiration 

The Power tructureend HowltWorU 
POLITICS 

Roger HedgecOCk 
The youngest member of the San Diego County 
Board of SupervIsors 
Jim Mil .. 
Leader of the California State Senate 
MlUreen O'Connor 
The City Cou~cll's only woman member 

JanUliry 31, Tuead8y 

Aillecturn It 8 pm In UC San Diego" 
MandeVIlle Auditorium 

SERIEI: IINGLEI: 
GenenI Admlaion $12.00 o.nerel AdmIMIon: $4.00 

Alltudentl: $1.00 

TIc:ket Intonnellon: 
uc ... Diego eoa Office 

412-4511 
-

It was Saxon who, sayilll it 
was an hOnor to name a collele 
alter Warren, officially 
designated the college Warren 
College. 

All the speakers who knew 
Warren painted a picture of 
him as a brilliant and warm 
man who cared about people, a 
family man with a total 

dedication to duty . Several 
speakers spoke of the high 
standards Warren College has 
set by naming itself after the 
(ormer Chief Justice. 

Marshall , who received a 
standing ovation from the 
audience, talked of knowing 
Warren. both before Marshall 
himself joined the court and 
then, in the mid-sixties when he 
became the first, and only, 
black Supreme Court justice in 
American history . 

value. I wouldn't want to 
graduate from a college named 
after a lot of people I know .. . 

"Warren was a great man. 
He is as near to the top of 
history as you can get without 
actually being on top - and 

some history books place him 
there. He was a great governor, 
a great chief justice and a dam 
good American." 

Warren'slelacy 
Marshall talked of the legacy 

of Warren's 25 years as Chief 
Justice. He said the Warren 
Court's decisions had an effect 

that went beyond America's 
borders, to give considerable 

impetus to the (reedom 
movements in Africa and other 
parts of the world. 

" This is something most 
people just don't understand," 
the 71-year-old justice said. 

44yOU GET IT BETTER .AT THE WHEREHOU&E
P

' 

INSTANT 
, 

DISCOUNT 
(:;::=::;:::::;:::==::::::::::::::~ 

@WHF..REHOIJSIJ . 
I : /ci1 ."" :ol~ 

F /' ullv "' t uriPnt Oosr.()lI nt Carrt 

0012000165841178 
JOHN DOE GOOD THRU 

F 
SUBJECT TO CONDITION. ON.VEtII. 

The Wherehouse Faculty/Student Discount Card is 
FREE! It saves you S 1 all the ticket price af any LP 
or tape ticketed at 54 or more . Tlke advantage of 
the savings anytime The Wherehouse is open . 
Remember the discount applies only to the licket 
price-not to any LP or tape on sate below the licket 
price . 

WHILE YOU WAIT 
USE THIS AD FOR $1 OFF THE TICKET PRICE UNTIL FEB. 28 

BRING THIS APPLICA liON 
TO YOUR LOCAL WHEREHOUSE 

OR MAIL IT TO : 

THE WHEREHOUSE 
14100 S. KINGSLEY DR. 

GARDENA. CA 90249 
ATTN: COLLEGE SALES 

STUDENT / nCULTY DISCOUNT CARD APPLICATION 

I 
I NAME I ~ --- -- -- ... - -
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

- - . "'-"'---_. 

ilP 
---- - -

CITY STATE 
------------ -

SCHOOL DATE 
PI •• se Print C illflV 

AllOw ' WHh F ()f Proc.ltt", L ___________________________ ~ 

- .... --~ 

hoondldo nil •. Weier'''''' 
Peclflc Beach 1414 Qemet Aw.. Kumey ..... 4344 Conwoy I.. lin DIeIo F ...... Weier .... , 
EI caton pert • ., Pia. E .. t ....... n V8Itey .. INIon W8IIey Cent., Ian D .... untMrIIty Towne Centre 
C"" .. VIN 415 Fifth Awe. L ...... Q~t Center .. n D .... uao C ...... nIIe 

Marshall pointed to the ideal 
represented by Warren's life, 
and held it up as something for 
Warren College students to 
attempt to emulate. "The Ideal 
that the poorest, blackest, most 
inhibited sharecropper in 
Mississippi can have a child, 
and when that baby draws its 
first breath it has the same 
rights as the child of John D. 
Rockefeller. You know that's 
not true, and you know it never 
will be - but you've got to 
strive (or it." 

Students ••• 
(ConUnued from page 1) 

The students interviewed 
pointed to several points 
of irritation , including : 

- the speakers at ~ dedic8 
tion ceremony, who mcluded 
Supreme Court Justice Thur 
good Marshall, former C~llfo~ 
nia governor Edmund G. Pat 
Brown and UC President David 
Saxon. No students spoKe at the 
ceremony . 

- the invitation process for 
the ceremony . No students, 
representing either the Warren 
College government or the AS, 
were officially invited to the 
affair. Some people did attend 
the event with special tickets 
designating them as members 
of the "Chancellor's party." 

- the two, separate recep-
tions following the dedication. 
Warren College faculty and 
staff and some administrators 
were invited to mee t t he 
speakers a t a reception at 
Warren Provost Lea Rudee's 
house. Everyone else, includ-
ing students, could go to an 
informal "Earl Warren Post-
Dedication Celebration" in 
Building C o( the Student 
Center. 

Asked about these com-
plaints, Warren Dean Gary 
Frost - who made' an appear-
ance at the "celebration" -
said Warren officials had very 
little to say about the speakers 
at the program. 

"In bindsip'" 
In addition, Fro.st said 

Warren officials hadn ' t 
intended that the ceremony 
look non-student oriented. " In 
hindsight," Frost said , " It 
would have been better to have 
more students involved." 

Contacted at his home , 
Rudee talked about the two, 
separate receptions . Th e 
speakers weren't interested in 
UCSD or in meetiDl students, 
Rudee said, but In talkinl about 
Warren, their friend. (Please '1IJ'Il 10 pale 9) 

r "' "., 

PRECISION cunlNG 
SIUNCARE 

.IULUET MANICURING 

Ac~""'.lIedk ........ 
SIll Hoi ... , Ct. 

. ...... t.., til .loll. V""" I" .. 
451-0610 

I", DISCOUNT 
ON SERVtCES 

~< wI'" lo, .... ";:' ~ acul'" to • '"",'"I • .,_~ -T" 
., -----

....., ....... " •• 1171 

Strick will 
speak here 
this week 

Academy Award winning 
director Joseph Strick, who has 
made four movies adapting the 
works of James Joyce, is 
scheduled to appear here as a 
Regents ' Lecturer for one 
week, beginning today. 

Strick ' s visit , which is 
sponsored by Revelle College. 
will center around a series o( 
lectures and film showings on 
such fields as holography and 
Strick's Joyce adaptations. 

Strick's first lecture is set for 
today at 4 pm, and will (eature a 
showing and discussion of 
Strick's version of Portrai' of 
an Artist as a Young Man. 
Tuesday at 4 pm Strick will talk 
about his version of Ulysses. 
The third lecture, Thursday at4 
pm , will center on Strick's 
adapta ion of Dubliners and 
Finnegan's Wake. 

All three lectures, which will 
be free, will be held in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

Strick. who won an Academy 
Award for his Interviews with 
My Lai Veterans , is a lso a film 
producer and the director of 
Grove Press. 

Students .•. 
(Continued from page 8 ) 

Rudee said Ma r sha ll left 
specific instructions that no 
reporters be allowed to talk 
wi th him. However , at a pre-
dedication ceremony dinner at 
Mc Elroy's house Saturd ay 
evening , a San Diego Union 
reporte r was presen t. Th e 
Triton Times had been told no 
reporters would be allowed to 
talk with Marshall or Brown. 

" If the off-campus press was 
allowed at the dinner, then the 
Triton Times should have been 
invited," Frost said. " But the 
party wasn't at my house ." 

Two students, who sat on the 
Wa rre n naming committee , 
we re allowed to attend the 
dinner at McElroy's house. 

-Mark Stadler 

'I'll ".7 .. " 
" "iI,.",,· 141 "h." , 

, "" 'U l.lt·"·" ,,,.,, "'If '.i"II" 
"IIf'"'''' -""".,.,,,i,,,,,,,,,, 

...... 

., 

arou • •• 
FOR THE LOWEST POSSIBLE RATES IN 

CAR INSURANCE ••• 

YOU AUTO KNOW BETTER 
(To Proye Our Point, listen in to the following conyersation). 

Professor: You do have car Insurance, 
don't you? 

Student: Uh ... Well ... 1.. • 
Professor: It is t~e LAW, you know; all drivers 

must be insured! It's a Serious Matter! 
Student: I didn't know that, but I really can't 

aHord It anyway. 
Professor: YOU CAN'T AFFORD NOT TOI And 

ARENA INSURANCE will help you get 
the lowest possible rate. . . Any car, 
any age, you'll get preferred rates 
and preferred treatment at ARENA. 

Student: But Professor, my driving record 
Isn't all that great! 

Professor: Don't worry about It, ARENA 
handles problem cases everyday. 

Student: ARENA.? No hassle 
and I'd save money too! 
I'll 'drive over right now and ••• 

Professor: WAIT A MINUTE, don't drive 
without insurance, ... get an " A" today 

and call ARENA. In fact, 
they'll come over and see you. 

A ~oundThencall:565.7446 
I-\I~na ' 7071 Convoy Ct. 
I Suit. 106 nsurance San Di.tOr CA. 

Near 805 • 
Clalremo"'-n-t~ 



..... 1. \ trttan times 
Crusaders win, 73-68 

CSO falls just short to PLC 
UCSD suffere d i ts first 

conference setback Friday 

night as host Point Loma held 
off a late rally to down the 
Tritons , 73-68 in an NAIA 

SoUthern Division basketball 
,arne . The loss dropped 
UCSD's conference record to 2· 
I, one ,arne beblnd frontrun-
ning Southern Californi a 
College. 

By virtue of a forfeit, the 
Tritons defeated LIFE Colle,e 
(which discontinued ita basket-
ball program) 2-0 Saturday 
Dilbt to up its season record to 
7-11 . 

BII first half lead 
At Point Lorna. the Crusad-

ers raced to a 13-2 first half lead 
but the Tritons managed to 
close within four by halftime, 
35-31. Lee Brockett, playing his 
first game in over a week since 
undergoing academic prob-
lems and suffering a leg injury, 
ha d n i ne points a nd fi ve 
rebounds in the opening ha lf. 

The four point half ti m e 
margin grew to 17 at 60-43 with 
8: 44 left when UCSD began its 
run at Point Lorna with the help 
of a zone press . 

II .... ......., _,1171 

KEEP AW~\, - . UCS~'e ~en Stark loob for a team_te to 
~e oft to .. Fnday night. SaBle.t Point Lom. Collese. The 
Tnto_loet the SaBM 73-68 •• d Stark, who eprained __ Ide, 
will Ite ont of .ctio. for ODe week. 

Fencers finish fourth 
in All-Cal tourney here 

Stan Hopper's followin of a 
missed shot pulled the Tritons 
within four points, 70-66 with 55 
seconds but a turnover and a 
three point play by PLC's Mike 
Tyson ended UCSD's comeback 
hopes. 

Tyson and Paul Robinson by Karen Hunter 
topped all scorers with 18 ea.ch • S&af. Writer 
whtle . Broc~ett led UCSD WI~ After completing the past weekend of fencing in the All-Cal 
16 pomts, Just one below hIS Tournament, the host UCSD Tritons registered fourth pia seas~n average. Hopper added showing in a field that included UCLA, UC Davis, UC Berkeley Jc 
15 WIth a 7 ~or 10 effort from the Santa Cruz and UC Santa Barbara. • 
floor . POint ~oma won the T~e Triton fencers finished in third place in the epee event 

b~t~l~ on the boards 40-34 as behmd Santa Barbara, and Santa Cruz. The foil event was won by 
6 6 center Tom Hanley Berkeley with San Diego placing fifth . The sabermen from UCSD " •••••••••••••••••••• I I I I I I I I •• I I' 
grabbed 10 rebounds. finished in fifth position , 

Performing well for the Tritons was third year foilist Dave 

SCIEIITIFIC SEIID-OFFI 
PC-1201 

Very competitively priced programmable 
Icientific c.IcuIator w/continuous memory 

caplbility, oftering computer-like featur .. ; 
programmable, up to 128 (fully-merged) Iteps 

with 12 memory registers which can be pro-
tected nearly one year w/2 dry bltteries; comes 

complete w/soft vinyl carrying case, rechargeable 
Ni-Cad batteries and AC adapter/charger, 

Suggested retai l SII .• . 

EL-S001 
10+2 digit sophisticated scient il ic cal-
culator with more than 25 basic l unct ions , 
linear and quadratic equations, integra-
tion. complex number, vector and stat is-
t ica l cal cul at io ns; comes complete 
w/soft vinyl carry ing case, rechargeable 
Ni-Cad ballerie. and AC adapterl 
charger. Suggeated retail $4'.15. 

EL-S805 
Thin pocketable S-digit scienti l ic calculator with 
FEM liquid crystal d isplay and direct access mem-
ory, conveniently pre-programmed lor 21 scien-
tilic lunctions, approximately 1,000 hours 01 
use with two silver oxide balteries; comes 
with leather grained pocket carrying case. 
Suggested retail 529.95. 

NOW HAPPENING AT: $28.10 

A.,our "Advanced eaM"" Elect"~~I" ~ ..... 
The University Booksto.e 

~~c:.wr.- "-1JioootoI 

. ' 

rfhe UniversitY Bookstore 

• Sherp bring. you a com pre· t'enslve line of calculators to 
111 every need and budget. 
• Sc/.ntlflc 

~-------------------.---: ~IIP thl. A.C.E. Coupon A. 02 I 
: FREE ! 
: II.... T-Sh.-rt II 

• Prof."'one' I I 
• Hand.He/d I With purchase of Sharp PC-1201 , EL-5001 or EL-5805 • 
• D •• k. Top Prln'.r/ DI.p/ay I Limit : One T-Shirt per coupon Cash value t /2O¢ I 

tt;;;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:;;:=O:2;:j1. Good one week only 8' bookl.ore Oa.e I 
-----------------------Hu ! This Week Only! (1/30-2/3) 

~rankvil~e, who p~a~ fifth in individual scoring for his event, and 
IS a poSSIble qualifIer for the nationals , 

UCSD's Ken Schell scored highest in the epee event with an 
overall performance record that clinched the seventh sPot. 

Philosophy of 'enda, 
The philosophy of the All-Cal Tournament is in Coach John 

Helmich's opinion, " to have good competition' in an informal 
atmosphere rather than an event where everyone is concerned 
about placings and team showinlS, The results of this competition 
do not count towards team standings and all the usuallealUe-nlles 
of eligibility do not apply for this tourney." 

Fencing, an intercollegiate sport at UCSD since 1969 is a game 
of " live chess," according to Helmich. who was a me~ber of the 
original squad. " It involves about 30 percent technique the rest 
being the strategy of preparing your opponent to be hit. You try to 
cause your opponent to make mistakes and then take advantage of 
them," he said. 

UCSD lHEA THE 
PRESENTS 

THE HOSTAGE 
by BRENDAN BEHAN 
Dire~ted by ARTHUR WAGNER 

A boisterous comedy in 
tile outrageous spirit of 
Music Hall and Knoclc-
about farce. 

February 2-5" 7-12 at 8:00 pm 
ia UCSD THEA THE 

nCKETSNOWONSALEI 
$2.50 Stade at. $3.75 General 

UCSD THEA THE TICKET OFFICE 
(Behiad Book.tore) 

MONDAY·FRlDAY 12:00-4:00 

Call 452-4574 Weelcclay. 12-4".. 

• .."......., .. 'm 

triton classifieds 
CLASSIF IED Abs 

8 ...... •• ... : ... _ t• __ . 
N ........... , •• : I t . fJtr •• .,.('ft. 
IAIl" F .... _: 1- I . ,. ... u.w ,.., 
A. C ___ : W._, ror ,,*, T . ... I, 

HoOlilll, s«vb . ... _. - !All" F_ . 
Y_ M ..., - ,., ..... , ......... 1 ....... 

dollv ....... _ . .... - ........ I.""'.Ifk#iI!' 
t pm .... ...- uy ....... . IMr " II to _ar. 

Ollie. __ ,.. "'" r ....... ""-<_ ot 0'" 

TYPING - Man lyn w..,ld like '0 fulli ll y..,r typln, noe"" _ .. .,.rt ...... n.bl. , h .. ,8M . CaIl2~. 
121271 
Klnder,arten _nl ... at Sandy Hill ~p, Solo .. 
8ch. Small cia ... ndtll' open Call 431-157. (2/S) 

NEED A TYPIST" R. IOMbie rat.. SPEEDY 
SERVICE. IBM .. tr-co<rt'don, Kathie 2"'_ 
after 12. 00 noon t3f11. 

PROF'F.SSIONAL THESIS / M "NliSCR I PT I ...... II I .. MIlt 

personals ----' TYPING Expeneoc't'd . thoroulhly familiar Yolth ~II (arm '- 5tYW requl remenu' Rush jobl accept,-'(f I1Ut ('orre<."lu,& SeIt"(.1.r'I(, II t)pe"'HItt>r. Ou)' 516-
~ III. t' \ 'f" 5Iti-2941 ""q, 

Seo " portrait 01 tile An.II " aad hear dl...,tor 
Joseph Strick lOdjoy·W.DdovIUe Center I pm RESEARCH PAPERS - Thoo and. on file S2 75 
" Uly ... e .... TomorTOW a l 4 pm. Pl"r Pile. Ort,inel f'lfIf' IH'Ch ~IIO ~vallabl~ " Se~ 

SinG for ,ca ,.I",. :-IATIU:-'AL RESEARCH 1_ 
G.G GalJttr: Alrilht . now )'ou 're bfk'hin Have a Wlllhire no 214 LA MD24 . 1213) 411-1011. (3/17) 
,oDd III' year . Love 8 8 " BS 11/3D) 
Tennl' Club meetln, Feb I 5 3. Hec Gym THE UN ITY DHUII CALLS TO GATHER THE 
Co nference Rm come-inVite rrlends 12 / 0 PEOPLE Arner. Indian StuGenu M", Tbul'l . .... 

pm Stud . Or, Bid, 11023 (by Stuclont C.n~r) 
Commuters' Show Revelle Ret.klerru what you can ImportaDt to meet II!r\'e and Involve )'ou . (2111 
do feb 4 Siln up at CC by Tue. C 1/ 30) 

FOLKLORE AND MYTHOLOGICAL STllDIES 
Commu~n: Can you lay anct roll! Come to A.lmost journal needl.artic~J. Oeadline. 2/15/11 . GSM to37. 
Mythin, GooI Fob • SI,n up In CC (1130) UCLA. Loo An~l .. Il0024 (2111 

Don't want to eat lunch alone" Come to . 'The FiK'fI 
01 Heolin, " leetureo T ues 1%-2 TL/l 107 (lI30) 

Volunteers needed mornlne' at Lo, NinOi Center Excel~nt opportunity to lain experience with 
autistic chnd~n. Call Chris at .m.-tlll . : 3O.f 
11/311 

Marantz :n3O re<.'elver w/case S2OO . best orrer, 
SchWinn fitnUnenWI 175, ront-'l(i Mik,. .52 ........ 
lllJOI 

Yamaha F'GZ60 1% Alnn& ,uilar. LowH'ed aCljon 
Look. ' touncblreat I IXI 729-2112Carl.bad Eves 
II / l1») 

70 VW Bu, lood cond h"w mllea&e J2DO dollars or 
bell oFfer evenin&1 and weekends 45.3-0252 12/3, 

One. unuled Brid,ifltont tlre·'Il , Nonnan 4$1-243.1 
day, %75-G1N eve 11 / 31) 

wanted 
Need re,pon.lble, kld·lovl.uuy lD be companion lD 
10 yr. old I or 2 dayJ/wk La JoIl. Sho ..... 8.rb.r. 
154-8710. (21101 

Creative An, Major lociHirn label. and adveni.lnl 
layout. Fruler F arml40S W. CraDd. ElCOndido. CA 
92025 745-7211 (2/3) 

Wanted·Part·time posit ion (or collelf: "udent 
Interested in sports writlna (or Del Mar ne'tVlpapeF 
Experience in phocOiraphy prelerred Phone 7$5-
t169 (213) 

Wanted Basic Prmciplt'l o( O-Chem 2nd Ed 
Robe". , CallerioStudentSupplemenl. Call Mark 
417-17'/2 (1 / 30) 

. . 

LOW COST 
Auto 

Insurance 
for College Students 
and Youthful Drivers 

Kevin Imy little ducldinc, -I've decided to ror.ive 
you ir you live up your " other wORlDn," Fifi 11 /301 

The Lillie Tramp will b4' on tM lerren al 1M 
OUlbuck Caft. 711 Warren Campus. tomorrow Oil •• 
10 pm IlI30) 

MEN' - WOMEN' 
JOB S ON SHIPS! American . Forol,n No 
experie~ requi~ . Excellent pay. Wondwade 

~ravel. ~ummtr job or career Send 13.00 for 
onlonn."on. SEAFAX, Depl. 8-6 Box 1049, Port 
An,el ... Wuhln,lDn 911362 (2111 

SJO/ hr . modelinl nude lor an Independent 
photo~rapher Send name. addre , phone no, &: 
but lime reached by ph.ne to Box 3252 San 01.,0 
CA 112103. All "'pli .. held confidentially. R.ference~ 
available 12/ 3. 

Califo rnia Law now Requ ires all drivers to be in-
sured . Shop around - Then drop by or ca ll us for a 
free quotation, 

Chdrlie Chaplin at the Outba ck Cure Three film. 
Thurs. Feb. 2 atl • I. pm 711 Warren Campus 452· 
3092 (lI30) 

AlmOSt An),lhlnl Gws on Re\'elle field 11~ pm on 
reb, " Food ,,00 Drinks Dance to Orwn Ihatnitei-I 
(11301 

DISC'Ovtr)' can lay and roll in under $ oncb und 
IhJlS aller punin. the rubber on the pole In 2 sec 
11130 ) 

housing 
lnrum Solana 8ch Z br for rent·Den , 2Ln bib. view. 
Refer . "'-asher. dryer Included. Pool" lenni, Arik 
lor Bob J4:50 l mo 755·1151 Ilbll l 
0",." room iViil llOible In \\ ind' Sea Bred IIpt .hared 
v.·llh &rad I yards (rom beach ISli mo J~(( "'!l.2-
1032 12/31 

4UR 28 hou~ on canyon park . 2 (pi , much brtck , 
ton . ... lIe wo rk , 177 .000 276·5'74 (2131 

Roomate nefdt'd In 0\.'1 ~;\r duplex I block (rom 
beach ow n roum 12n rno 7!P, 77 09 (2/ 1) 

services 
Prof~SSlon ~il T.u.IInx k\.',J"ul1.Jble Rotes HiM 
Cor re'l,tln~ l-ot+ll'(.1fl(· ('ull fur ~"' n't" ~:" tlmatt' Gall 
4.! 17540 ;6'" • , 

T)plftl·selrcorrecllnl IBM se~'ric term papen, 
tbeletI, et.c . e~PfnefK't'd . 452 1511 evenin,J. (6/ It) 
CVPING: IBII Selectric lenn pope ... , the ... , PhD. 
dl!5ertallons, ednin.li. R USH JOBS · 453-065& S&O 
1171 . %116-49311 , W ·I5N 161.) , • 

Sundesert •.. 
(Continued from page 2) 
needed to recoup. She mentioned 
SDG&.E's record profits last year, 
and With Sundesert operating, they 
stood, to make 100 million more a 

~ear m order to give (air compensa-
tion to their investors, The recent 
sc.are campaign in local media to 

WI~ community approval was also 
raised . Professor Lawrence 
Brenton o( UCSD spoke o( the 
extreme medical dangers o( the 
nuclea r re ac tor spe nt (uel 
syndrome. Nearly all o( the anti -
Sundesert people spoke of the need 
to conserve and curb our lifestyles 
to use less energy. Solar power and 
other c lean alternatives were 
brought up repeatedly. 

Sor:newhere in the course o( the 
evenmg, I thought , would I rather 

~ave a tiny nuclear reactor in my 
ackyard , or solar p,anels covering 

my roo f? Would I rather pay 
SDG&E each month, or heat my 

o~~ house? Should we invest a 
blihon dollars in something akiD to 
the atom bomb, or spend $300 (or 
every person in San Diego to attain 
their ene ~gy self sufficiency? They 
are questIOns we should all answer. 

MICHAEL DeBELL 

XEROX 
COPIES 

2~~ 
minimum 

~E~ • XEROX 
, SOc e..:n 
51: dupllC8l .. 

OPEN 7:30 ' .m, • 10 p ,m. M.F 
SoIUrMya. Sundey. 10-5 

EditlRe . proofre a dln, . research , rewrite. 
Re810naMe rate5. ProfeSiional experience Mary 
_t401. 111301 

for sale 

Cash paid tor coins. c:la51 nn& . jewelry. denla l 
,old. sterling. and pre 1 • S Silver <''Olns Ken 
755·7371 lU l l 

travel 
Zenllh Allf!e:ro sound J)'stf'm Inel spt ukt' , s \'e BOOK ON CAMPUS' Europe , HawaII and New 
1I00d cond. I yr old, be .. orr.r G".n45HIG ry YorkCII.rter FII,htl CIEEStudentTravelSluden. 

eves. '" Cenler 8.0:3. Open weekday, 12~ . Call 452·0630 

School at any level means reading , .. lots of it. Keeping up with 
thousands of ~ages can take a heavy toll in time and energy, and 
grades . If you re typica l, you read 150 to 350 words a minute. But 
how do you get ahead of the rest? 

Evelyn Wood can triple your 
reading rate and improve your 
comprehension and study skills. 
Hundreds of thousands of students use the Reading Dynamics 
Method, They find reading less of a chore. Concentrat ion and 
retention improve, which can lead to better grades. A competi-
tive edge IS Important ... too important for you to delay. 

Prove it to yourself today! 
Whether yo~ ' re thinking of grad school or the job market , or if 
you want to Kee~ up ~Ith course readingloday, let Evelyn Wood 
Reading DynamiCs give you a competitive edge. 
In fact Evelyn Wood guaran tees that you will triple your reading 
rate if you follow the course correctly, or your full tuition 
refunded. That's ou r competitive edge. 

AUendafree 
Evely~ Wood Mini-Lesson" at: 

La Jolla 
La Jolla Village Inn 
3299 Holiday Ct. 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

Offered exclusively in San Diego by 
Monte R. Kelley Insurance Agency. 
5187 College Avenue 583-9393 

Last Week 
Today and Tomorrow 

. 5:30 and 8:00 pm 

Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics. 
The Competitive Edge. 



.... 11 I trtton times MoncIIIJ, ........, M, 1171 
A DAY ON· THE GREEN 

On televieioD, in 
the 1D0viea or on 
the golf coarse, 
celebritiee always 
capture the lime-
·tight, aDei the ADely 
Willia .. s SaD Di-
ego Open was no 
exception., TritoD 
Times photogra- . 
pher StaD HODeia 
catches the Dote-
abies who partici- I. ' pated in the Pro-

TAKING FIVE - S- .... 
Padre b.npe. ace Rollie 
FiJlsen canfaIIy tak ... aip 
of coff .. , ...... _re .. t to 
••••• p hi. h •• dlebar 
... tac .... 

Am rouDd last 
WeeiDueiay at Tor- , 
rey PiDes in 80me 
candid pONS. ~~!'.!:'~~D - Even at the Aady Williame Saa Diego Ope., Bob Hope briage aIoas hie 

KING OF THE ROAD - Bob Hope joke. with the gallery before he te .. oft. 

IS THIS ONE MINE? - Two-time N.tional 
Leape MVP Joe 'Morgaa of the Ci.ci_tti 
Re'" check. to Me if hia golf ball ie ia 
.. tie'adory conditioa. 

HOST FORA DAV - T~ ...... 
meat ho.t AMY Williamalet. 
oalookera .t.dy hi. sol' 
• wi.g. 

c 3qlf was far removed from the center of attention during the Pro·Am 
rOllnd at the 1978 Andy Williams San Diego Open. Only at its isolated 
m<.,ments did golf appear to be the reason celebrities, spectators, press 
co'ps and officials gathered at the Torrey Pines Municipal Course last ~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
W !dnesday. ~ 

A combined carnival and three ring circus more appropriately I • 
d13racterized the Pru-Am. The> gllilery arrived early, almost one hour prior 
to t scheduled 8:30 am starting time, hopmg to get a good glimpse of their 
fa' iorite celebrities. On the open air tram carrying those not fortunate 
er 010lgh to get a parking space close to the clubhouse entrance, one middle· 
ased lady proudly exclaimed, "I saw Flip (Wilson) driving here. He was 
driving his sportscar with FLIP on the license plate." 

Loc ..... d yoke" 

Text by 
Steve Gould 

While a sizeable portion of the gallery consisted of San Diegans, out-of-
staters made their presence felt. Campers and RVs from British Columbia 
Arizona, Colorado, Nevada and Utah filled one section of the parking are~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
with their inhabitants constantly admiring the beauty of the sea&ide golf ~ 
course. 

At the first tee on the north course, shirts, sweaters and jackets with 
college names emblazened on them and hats with country club logos 

c\O~ked the gallery. Older members of the crowd, making use of portable 
chaIrs and golf seats, staked their viewing areas as a homesteader would 

FUPSIDE VIEW.- Clad ia refer .. •• garb, 
comediaa Flip Wil.oa .tep. oato the 
practice patting gr ••• with hie driv.r. 

claim a choice piece of land. The more aggressive people lining the tee 
elbowed for position as a tournament official holding a clipboard prepared to 
call out the names of the first fivesome (one more than a foursome). In circus 
ringmaster style, the official called out "Ladies and gentlemen, at the 8:30 
starting time, touring pro Curtis Strange." The gallery applauded less than 
enthusiastically. They came to see celebrities, not golfers. 

Oa with the par.d. 
Spaced in with three amatu('rs and one pro in eac;h fivesome was a 

celebrity. From the sports world, ex-Oakland Raider and Chicago Bear 
quarterback George Blanda, two-time National League MVP second 
baseman Joe Morgan, ex-Dodger hurler Don Drysdale and Padre reliever 
Rollie Fingers took turns at swining a golf club. 

Actors Efrem Zimbalist Jr., Fred MacMurray, Tige Andrews and Claude 
Akins drew sustained clapping, spectators remarks on how old someone 
looked or how thin someone was along with constant camera clicking. 
Eastman Kodak would have liked to have a concession stand selling film . 

1V hosts Lawrence Welk, Peter Marshall, Joey Bishop, Monty Hall and 
. Bob Hope all made appearances and as each was announced, the gallery 

buzzed, clicked and yakked like a well oiled machine. 
The hoat .. dth. I .... 

Tournament host Andy Williams made his grand entrance at 10 am on the 
south course first tee. More film exposed in Williams' direction as he chatted 
with spectators and showed off various golf swings. Two·time defending 
tournament champion Tom Watson, also a part of the Williams fivesome, 
the pro golf tour's leading money winner and 1977 MVP, went virtually 
unnoticed. 

And no festivities would be complete without pretty girls. Andy Williams 
AWSDO girls, clad in red and brown skirts, sweaters and tamoshanters, 
posed for photographers with the celebrities and later sang the official 
tournament song (which gave not even a vague reference to goiO. 

Not to be outdone, Bob Hope brought along his "caddies" (see photo on 
this page). Odds of twenty to one were made that none of Hope's glamorouS 
trio could distinguish a wood from an iron. 

0aIy o.e tI.y 
As each fivesome had been introduced and continued down the fairway to 

actually play some golf, one had to realize the Pro-Am is held to pull in big 
crowds and help the tournament's image. 

The one day affair ended much quieter than it began, as the gallery slowly 
melted away after the final fivesome departed down from the first tee at 
10:45. All the celebrities had disappeared onto the course to hit the little 
white ball in the hole. The only thing missing from the Pro-Am .' 
annual Andy Williams San Diego Open was an orchestra fo 
to conduct. 

r 


