
e 

n 
IS 

Biochemistry of 
mysticism probed 

Intern program to be resumed 
Decision made after students, McElroy, Hunt meet 

by Reed Alpert 
Associa&e News Editor 

The biochemistry of my-
stical experience. 

Some w"uld say it is 
almost a "ontradiction in 
terms. Dr. Arnold Mandell . 
professor of psychiatry at 
the UCSD Medical School, 
would say they are the same, 
separated only by the fences 
of a cultural point of view. 

Mandell is a biochemical 
psychiatrist, he wonders 
about and experiments with 
the e((ect drugs have on 
behavior. Tbese drugs can 
eitber be supplied from the 
outside or sythesized on the 
inside. His interest in 
mystical experiences came 
from bis resea·rch with 
hallucinogens. 

mechanism we think is 
related to habituation," 
explained Mandell. 

Habituation is the inhibi-
tion of response to repeated 
stimuli. (Please turn to page 3) 

by Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor 

After a meeting between 
Chancellor McElroy , Vice-
chancellor of Student ACCairs 
Howard Hunt and three student 
leaders Monday, Hunt an-
nounced that the Administra-
tive Intern program will soon 
be implemented, provided 
several conditions are met. 

Advisory Committee on 
Student Fee Programs student 
co-chair Marsha Harris, AS 
President Je(( Leifer and 
former External AHairs 
Coordinator Andy Schneider 
called for the meeting because 
the intern program, which 
places the students into several 
administrative oCCices, has not 
yet been implemented this 
year. 

supervise the student interns, 
commonly called mentors , 
inform him in writing that they 
want the program to continue; 

-the mentors guarantee 
they will both supervise and 
train the interns placed in their 
offices; 

-the mentors guarantee that 
placement of an intern in their ' 
office will benefit all UCSD 
students and not just the intern 
personally. 

Hunt said he will personally 
supervise the program, until 
"it gets moving " and he 
appoints someone else to take 
over. 

Hunt said he plans to make 
the intern program available to 
all parts of the Student Affairs 
di vision . Originally , the 
program was to place interns in 
five offices, including intercol-
legiate athletics, the Student 
Center and the Academic 
Senate, according to Harris. 

understand my position as an 
administrator. I had nothing to 
do with the decision to use the 
intern money." 

Schneider said he, Leifer and 
Harris then decided the best 
way to make sure the intern 
program was carried out was to 
work together. After several 
meetings with Hunt, Brown and 
Student Organizations Advisor 
Scot Spicer , the students 
decided to ask for the meeting 
with McElroy. 

" We were working on the \ 
mechanism of action of 
hallucinogens like LSD and 
mescaline with particular 
reference to the brain Anlold M •• deU 

Hunt said he will release the 
$8500 allocated by the advisory 
committee to fund the intern 
program for one year pro-
vided: 

- administrators who would 
The three students originally 

asked for the meeting with 
McElroy and Hunt because 
they wanted an independent 
audit made of the Student 
Affairs division to determine if 
funds eannarked for the intern 
program had been used for 
other purposes, Schneider said. 

.. 

County_group would provide funding 
Regents to rule on theatre here 

-

by John Hondros Additionally, the university proposal to build the theatre on 
UCSD property was a joint 
decision between the university 
and the foundation . 

"Pushing hard n 
" I've been pushing hard for 

the intern program for a year 
and a half now, and when I 
heard the intern funds had been 
used to hire a secretary for 
(Assistant Vice-chancellor of 
Student Affairs) Tom Brown, I 
went to see him," Schneider 
said. "Brown told me: '(As-
sociate Vice-chancellor of 
Student Affairs) Rich Whitehill 
u:;ed the intern prpgram money 
to hire my new secretary. I 
know that's bad politically .. J 
needed help . You have to 

Scaff Writer will incur utility expenses and 
Following its recent approval custodial expenses for a nine 

in Superior Court, the final month period, as well as year-
decision concerning the ro.und groundskeeping ex-
funding and construction for a penses, all of which must be 
$2.2 million theatre to be built covered by the MOP budget. 
onUCSD property will be made The foundation will be 
at a meeting of the UC Board of financially responsible for 
Regents in mid-February, utility and custodial expenses 
according to UCSD Assistant for its three month use period 
Chancellor David Ryer. and pay one-quarter of the cost 

Setbacks 
According to Anton Witte, 

Director of Capital Budget and 
Space Management , the 
scheme for a community 
theatre began in the 1950s, but 
throughout the years , the 
project suffered setbacks due 
to financial and legal reasons, 
in which the university was not 
involved. 

Aady Sch.eider 
Af~r the meeting, Harris 

said no audit will be called for 
because the money used to hire 
Brown ' s secretary can be 
replaced by funds from another 
account. 

Schneider and Harris both 
said they are fairly satisfied 
with the outcome of the 
meeting. ~"The theatre is not a reality of maintenance, repair and 

unless approved by the replacement of both moveable 
Regents,'" said Ryer . He and special bulding equipment. 
explained that if all goes well, Goodwin said that the 
the Regents' agreement with 
the Theatre and Arts Founda-
tion of San Diego County will 
provide the funding for the 
planning, design and construc-
tion of the theatre, if the land is 
allocated. 

(Please tum to page 3) 
"The meeting represents a 

(Please tum to page 6) 

The proposed tbeatre will 
hold approximately 500 
persons, while the present 
theatre, located on Matthews 
Campus, seats only 230. Its 
deSignated location is south of 
the Humanities Library 
building in a grove of trees near 
La Jolla Village Drive, said 
Ryer. 

Nine month access 
According to Ewart Good-

win, Jr., president of the 
foundation, the university-
owned tbeatre will be used 
exclusively by the foundation 
during the three summer 
months, while the university 
wi ll have access to the theatre 
during the nine montb school 
year . 

As stated in the proposal to be 
su bmitted to the Regents, 
building maintenance and 
repair will need to be covered 
through tb~ Maintenance and 
Operation of Physical Plant 
(MOP) budget of the UCSD 
campus. Such expense would 
be incurred by the university 
regardless of the foundation's 
use of the theatre. Equipment 
maintenance, repair and 
replacement expenses will be 
covered by the UCSD Drama 
Department operating budg~t. 

Oscar-winning director speaks here 
Strick: making pictures his way 

by Alan Russell make it for yourself," said Strick. 
Editor He added, though, in a tone more serious than not " If it 

Joseph Strick ha~ come a long way from being what he pleases only you and nobody else you won't be around iong." 
termed a "bad phYSICS student." Strick has complete control over his films, "one of only 10 or 

Strick, on campus this week as a Regents' Lecturer for the 20 American directors who has such." He is a man sure of what 
Literature, Visual Arts and Drama departments, is best known he wants, saying he is not out ' 'to make westerns or gangsters." 
as the film director of "Ulysses", "Portrait of the Artist as a His most notable successes have come about from " breaking 
Young Man" and "Tropic of Cancer", in addition to being the the rules of Hollywood," as he took James Joyce'~ works, 
winner of an Academy Award for his film "Interviews with My supposedly untranslatable to the screen, and made movies out 
Lai Veterans." of them. 

There i~ more to St~ck though, than his. di~ting ~bilities . "You just ~o your version," explained Strick. "Joyce is the 
Among hIS otber credits are a score of SCIentifIC deVIces and central novelIst of the twentieth century. He is masterful , he is 
innovations, including the invention of the first electronic extraordinary. Making movies out of his works makes much 
calculator. In his path Strick has founded, and sold, a number of more sense to me than pumping life into a dead script." 
scientific companies, feeling it necessary to " build something, Apparently Strick'$ notions have struck a responsive cbord, 
sell it, and go on to new things. " as his films have been monetarily successful. " Ulysses cost 

Of his successes, Strick said, "I've been very lucky," but the $500,000 to make and we made five million," he said . 
statement doesn't tell of the long work to build his route of In person Strick does not come across asa " Hollywood type," 
fortune. his appearance more that of a businessman. His clothing is 
For a review of Joseph Strick's work please tum to Ie 4 anything but flashy , hi speech businesslike , devoid of 

superfluous verbiage and name dropping. He is a ecure man, 
Strick'S "road to Hollywood" was made from a script di(- seemingly past the stage of having to prove himself, desirous 

ferent from most. "The only thing I knew was that I wanted to more to work on new innovation . 
be a director," said Strick. " I bad no connections in Hollywood. One of Strick's most pres ing projects i holography, a 
I came out of the Air Force after the war and ended up being a process employing laser (coherant) light to produce an 
copyboy for the L.A. Times for a while. In my spare time I shot a " image" that is three dimensional, enabling one to see all sides 
short picture. You could do that in those days. " of the representation, a process of which he both placed patents 

Strick's short film was a success, but subsequently his on and started a company. His hOlle of the future is to make a 
personality turned out to be the hard sell to the studios, causing hologram movie. 
him to "keep letting fired." Strick said that "caring so for the Currently Strick is working on a "space-shot movie", one of 
work" caused him the troubles with the studios, detennining which he guarantees will actually "make the audience into 
him to the point where be knew, "I had to do it my way." astronauts." Through the film , the audience will actually " trip 

Toward this end Strick entered the scientific field, with his through space." 
goal, his master plan, to earn the money necessary to allow bim Though victim of a recent coronary, Strick sbows few signs of 
to do films "his way." slowing up. The eminar at UCSD, Uke similar seminars at 

And the "way" for Strick is satisfying himself, probably the other universities, is done, as Strick says, "for f -\Aback - so I 
touJhest critic around. "When yOU make a picture, you have to can do even better on the next picture." ----~--~~~~==~~~~~~==~~~----------~ 



Vlt .... =~....;, .... ;;;, ........ '" 
the . PIAl) leptaent a maiority opPon of ,the Triton TI'nII 
-EditoriW which ia compriaed of EOitor AIIn RuRd, Senior editor 
Mark Stadler, Managii,g ecitor Ran Anbaf, News aIitor Laura Richter, 
AIIoci.lte New. eciton Andy Schneider.-xl Reed 1\Ip8rt.-xl Aatant 
Nanagng ecItor Cindy Heffron. AI .... material and artwork 
.... nt the author's, or artiIt'sopinion, and do not MCll1l1ri1y reflect 

tM~vIewa of the Jriton Tmes. 

triton times 
St_~tn~e..;#1( 'Y(4IIlkls ... 
1t!e. £r.pi,...e. 94e &;IAj~ .­

~ bui ~ ~ese ~llcibrl 
""rudvrl!S, an~ k.Ity? I .- .. .. ~ 

Vi.sr+~o tr bt: ' n~s 
outer SP"'«( r 

w ...... ,. Februery 1. 1171 

- - - - .' 9 Abortion more than slogans What about students. Editor' sticky matter of rI,hts of unborn elitist political orientation, totally 
TIle Warrea CoUep' dedlcadon ceremoay 181& Sa&arday.t The abortion Issue is not, as the children. This aspect of the i,noresthemoralimplicatiOlll.1be 

.u DO&IIbIe 'II' two reaIOIIS, Tbe' fint .as &be powerful speecb Feminist Coalition would have us controversy cannot be reso~Yed politicization of ~bortion iI more 
made - Sa-me Coart Aaoclaae Jullce Th ..... _ ManhaU, believe, purely a 1e,alquestion that easily by a patent polih~al than polemics. It.1 a cha~ade. 

"3 ..-- ..... a- ...... - is neally disposed of by the courts. formula; hence the abortion Those who oppoM abortiOn do so 
.... reeaIIed btl friend Earl Warren as a man of eonI_ wov It is not a matter to be decided advocate wisely avolCis character- on e.thlcal ,roWlds. Their pry me 
was dedicated &0 bumu righ&a. exclusively on the basil of a myopic izing theICKalled rilhtstoabortion lU~hvator is neither politIcal 

TIle o&ber reason was &be remarkably sboddy irea&ment of view of individual ri,hts, eplto- as legalized murder of the helpless philosophy nor po~lar _10,8111 but 
..... &a evtdea& lD &be bandllng 01 &be wboIe affair. mized by the eyer-popular A unborn . Too much of tbe pro- sim~ly the moral Imperative that 

To beItD wI&b. no s&udea&a were offklaUy Invited to represenl Woman's Ri,ht to Choose. Abortion abortion clamor is confined to a life IS far too preciOUS to deltroy. 
&be Itadell& body a& &be ceremony. &be dinner beforeband or the is an issue which transcends the desensitized intellectualization SCOT!' McBRIDE 
recepdon afterward. Some people were Invited to &be ceremony, mechanics of our political system which when combined with an 
as pes&I of Cbaneellor McElroy's offklal partY'. But ~ students because ultimately, it is a question 8 k· 1 . tId d 
fromeUber&beWarrenCollegegovemmentortheAS,wereasked of morality. mo Ing comp aln 0 ge 
to attend. 

In addition, foUowin, &be namlDg ceremony two separate 
receptions were beld. One, for Warren Colle,e faculty ami staff, 
aioDg witb ludry administrators, was held to allow these people 
10 meet &be speakers from &be ceremony. The o&ber reception - a 
"PoII&-bediea&ion Celebration." as il was bravely called - was 

To the extent that the proponents 
of abortion base their appeals in 
political rhetoric, they practice 
subterfuge. Blatently missilll from 
the abortionists' manifesto is the 

Editor: 
I .was under the impression that a no smoidng rule was in effect in the 

classroom. How does one go about lodginlNl complaint against a few 
smokers (including the instructor) who insist on inflicting their habit in a 
four-hour class in an enclosed, un-ventilated screening room? 

NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 
ltaged In Building C 01 &be Student Cenler. 

The wonl snub of &be ceremony was represented by tbe 
speaken schedule. Of coarse a speakers scbedule that iDcluded 
Manball, former' Governor Pat Broo ami Anthony Lewis of the 
New York Times looked more impressive to &be community al 

80 say-s economist 
large &ban a program &ballncluded a sludenl on it. Nothing fails like success 

But we were under the impression that tbe ceremony was 
conducted to name a college, an institution for bi,her learning. In 
OCher words. a place for students. At the very least. a sludent 
shonld have been on the pladorm Saturday nighl, helpin, to 
dedJcate the college. It would have been a nice way for Warren 
Colle,e to symbolize its commitment..w the ideal of greater 
studenl Involvement In &be operation of tbe university. 

Of course. that is only an ideal. But, as Marshall said. Warren 
himself represented an ideal. the ideal of total equality for all 
people. "It will never happen," Marshall said, "But you must keep 
striviDg for it." . 

For a college named after Earl Warren to ignore the ideal of 
greater student involvemenl represents a very bad slart toward 
Iivin, up to its considerable le,acy. 

Ru.bber stamp 
Three students bave resigned their positions on the Advisory 

Committee on Student Fee Programs, saying the committee bas 
become a "farce" and a "rubber stamp" for decisions made by the 

by Rasa Gustaitis 
Pacific News Service 

Why do we spend more but 
get less on aU those things that 
make up the good life? Why do 
school costs keep rising while 
student scores keep falling? 
Why do farmers have to spend 
more on pesticides that kill 
fewer pests? 

The answer, says economist 
analyst Hazel Henderson, lies 
in a basic evolutionary law: 
nothing fails like success. 
Henderson calls it "entropy," 
the tendency of all things to fall 
apart once they've reached a 
certain level of maturity and 
complexity. 

Vice~hancellor of Student Affairs. The students were upset by Rasa Gustaitis is an associate 
Vic~hancellor Howard Hunt's allocation of state funds lhat the editor of Pacific News Service 
advisory committee had recommended sbould be saved. The last and a member of the Ford 
Vice-cbancellor, George Murphy, had assured committee Foundation - ~unded ~hird 
members tbey would be consulted on any uses for the state moner. Centur~ ~me.rJca ProJect, 

This incident. however, jut served to dramatize the basic, specialiZing 10 resources. 
relalionship between &be committee and &be Vice~banceUor, The 
committee is supposed to advise the Vic~hancellor on uses of all' 
student fees. Us membersbip -- seven students and five 
administrators - represents the only formalsludent input on uses 
of those fees. 

But &be Vice-Cbancellor does not bave to take the commlttee'_ 
advice. He Is snpposed to listen to ita counseling, but in pradice 
only does so wben it Is convenient for bim. When &be commi&&ee 
reccomends something be does not want to implement. he can 
quite legally Ignore Its advice. 

The committee Is In actuality just window-drea1ng for the 
administration. Administrators can point to it and say: See 
students in on lhe decision-making process. 

Until the committee becomes a real part of &be decision-making 
process, as far as student fees are concerned, we really cannot see 
why students should waste their time on Il. Maybe a prolonged 
student boycott would be a good way to dramatize this fact. 

Recreation'al needs 
It is indeed a good sign that students dominate the committee 

that has been formed to investigate UCSD's recreational needs. 
After all, students are going to be the main users - and financiers--
of any new recreational facilities that are developed. 

We'd like to suggest a way that the commiltee could be more 
sure it Is working toward satisfying the students' needs. It should 
poll tlut students. This could be done very easily, as part of this 
Spring's AS elections. Tbe question could list several possibilities 
- te .lnis courts, say, or basketball courts - and ask whether 
studEnts think there should be more of each service available. 

Th1S way committee members wouldn't have to guess about 
what stu4enw want in recreational services. And they could 

pro(· ~ed in greater k nowledg .. when m akin g thei r 
recomrendations about what students need. __ 

Th, Triton Tim .. Is published by UCSD atudents.s an ortlclal student n .... p.per~ · 
Pub' CIIfIlon Is on Mond.ys. Wednesd.ys snd Fridays during the regul.r school year ' 
(exc..pl on official holidays'. Editorial and bualn_ ortic .. .,elocated In the Student 
Cent,r; at the University of California. San Diego. For edltori.,. call 452-~: for 

bualn~ .nd dl.pllY IdYll'tlslng. call 452-3468. 
Lllters to the editor .nd opinion columns ara welcomed. All submlaaloins should be 

typed and doubl .... p.ced on a fl9.spaca line. They should not exceed 1 ''; paves In 
length. 

Submitted m.terlal must bear 'he n.me and student Identification number of the 
.uthor. Nam .. can bew'thlleldfrom publication on requ .. l : however. thenamea will be 
"eld on tile for pubNc Inspection 

The Trolon Tom .. r ... rves'he right to edit aubmlsslons because Of ap.c.limitations 
or style requirements. 

Entire contents copyright 1978 the Triton Time • . 

Western industrialized 
nations, including the United 
States, are inexorably moving 
toward entropy, she says. The 
law of diminishing returns has 
set in. More and more needs to 
be spent for capital and 
resources, with less and less 
return. Uke an aging human 
who spends ever more time and 
effort trying to stay youthful, 
these advanced industrial 
nations are exhausting them-
selves striving to maintain 
their shape. 

In the meantime, more and 
more kinks and malfunctions 
develop: crime, unemploy-
ment, inflation, social unrest. 
The social costs begin to exceed 
the benefits of production. 

The onset of entropy is such a 
basic change that it requires 
co mpletely new frames of 
references, Henderson argues. 
But economists have failed to 
recognize that and so are left in 
the position of Bob Dylan's Mr. 
Jones, who knows something is 
happening but doesn 't know 
what it is. 

Henderson, 44, calls herself 
"a self-employed social change 
person." She is viewed as one of 
the most provocative and 
creative economic analysts 
around by many politicians, 
corporation executives and 
social activists who seek her 
out at the Princeton Center for 
Alternative Futures, Inc. ("a 
mom and pop think tank" she 
calls it) . She runs the Center 
with her hu s band Carter 
Henderson, a former London 
bureau chief for the Wall Street 

Journal and ex-corporation 
executive. 

What we need to do to prevent 
the worst effects of entropy, 
Henderson argues, is to shift 
away from our increasing 
reliance on captial and 
resources toward more effec-
tive use of human energy. 
Instead of continuing to 
subsidize industries that put 

People out of work and keep 
raising the demand for fossil 
fuels, she says, we should 
support ventures that are 
harmonious with the "econ-
omics of reciprocity and of 
sustained yield," which she 
sees emerging. 

Such ventures would be 
dece.ntralized, would degrade 
neither people nor nature , 
would use renewable energy, 
and would recogruze forms of 
exchange other than just those 
involving money, which are the 
only kind counted in current 
economics, she says. 

To nudge along the needed 
shift, Henderson concocts 
suggestions in the practical 
manner of a woman who 
creates dinner out of whatever 
she finds in her refrigerator. 

Talking with California's 
Governor Jerry Brown recent-
Iy, she suggested he encourage 
the development of a rubber 
industry based on growing the 
guayule plant, which thrives in 
deserts , uses practically no 
water and is benign toward the 
environment. 

" Part of the crisis of the 
industrial system," she 
explained, "is that we are in a 
totally mechanistic mode . 
When we think about produc-
tion we have visions of a factory 
or a machine . We haven't 
learned to see California as a 
productive system." 

The process of entropy, she 
says, is what turns autumn 
leaves into humus to nurture 
the spring's new shoots. Some 
of these new shoots are already 
noticeable, she says, in the 
growing interest in alternate 
technologies, the demand of 
workers for greater control 
over their jobs, and in people's 
inventing jobs (as she herself 
has) . 

Other signs of the coming 
change , she says, are the 
thriving market for simple 
tools and publications , the 
interest in self-health care, in 
small-scale farming, and the 
increase in cooperatives. 

PromIsing experiments in 
industries that would create 

jobs while saving the environ-
ment include the growing of 
cat-tails on wetlands as a more 
efficient substitute for coal, the 
growing of water-borne algae 
for methane, and new efforts to 
use recycled sewage for 
mariculture and fertilizer. 

Yet many of these ventures 
get littl~ or no public support, 
while the government contin-
ues to spend tax money in 
efforts to shore up resources-
and capital-intensive ventures. 
This is so in part because people 
who worry about natural 
systems clash needlessly with 
people worried mostly about 
Jobs . Facts are not made 
available to show there need be 
no conflict. 

In talking with Charles 
Warren, head of President 
Carter's Council on Environ-
mental Quality , Henderson 
suggested that job impact 
statements should be required 
as well as environmental 
impact statements, when some 
new development is proposed. 
It would unmask false job 
promises and encourage 
informed decisions. 

Production that employs 
more people is often also more 
energy efficient, she points out. 
The five largest energy-
consuming manufacturing 
industries provided only 7.3 
percent of the nation's jobs in 
1971, she has learned. Their 
energy consumption has risen 
steadily, ' but their job rolls 
remain the same. 

Construction of a high-rise 
building , with automatic 
heating and cooling systems, 
may employ the same number 
of people as building a solar-
heated structure. But in the 
long run, the solar building will 
mean more jobs as well as more 
energy savings, because it will 
require more maintenance 
workers, whose cost is offset by 
lower fuel bills. 

Many new technologies 
arrive in the name of effic-
iency. But, says Henderson, 
"the basic question in effic-
iency is efficiency for whom? If 
a supermarket chain auto-
mates checkout counters, that 
may be more efficient for the 
corporation. But, of course, it's 
not going to be more efficient 
for the customer, who won't be 
able to read the price which will 
no longer be stamped on the 
can. It's not ,oing to be efficient 
for the taxpayers, for society, 
because approximately 100,000 

(Please lum to pale 7) 

w .... d.,. Febnurry 1, 1171 

Mandell ••• 
. (continued from page 1) 

Serotonin, a quieting hor-
mone synthesized by the brain. 
is related to the habltuatJon 
process, the brake system that 
prevents runaway responses to 
stimuli. Incoming sensory 
stimuli set off the babituatlon 
mechanism that calls in the 
serotonin like a police force to 
preyent a riot of continual 
responses. 

"We have babitual ways of 
thinking," said Mandell, "the 
serotonin dampens both the 
initial response and the spread 
of the sensory information. 

"Many drugs can dampen the 

serotonin mechanism, but 
there are adaptive mechan-
isms in the brain to undo it. The 
hallucinogens also arrest the 
mechanism but the brain can't 
kick off the effect. LSD looks 
like serotonin, only more so. 
You've tricked the receptors 
into thinking there is plenty of 
the honnone, so the synthesis is 
shut down. Hence no habitua-
tion. " 

triton times 
psychopharmacological Recently , at the Winter 
bridge?" Conference on Brain Research, 

Enter the mystical exper- Mandell presented his ideas in 
ience. Mandell went to the a workshop entitled " Emer-
literature on the subject from gent Properties and Brain 
before the sixties, "before Theories ." Emer~.lt prop-
there was any media conscious- erties are those that arise in a 
ness, any Leary to tell us what context but are not predictable 
to do," he said. given a knowledge of the 

He rediscovered a book he components of the context. 
had read years before in Putting the known components 
medical school, William together in known ways w~n' t 
James' 1902 classic, Varieties yield the emergent properties . 
of Relilioul Experience, an Mandell gave as an example 
extensive account of mystical three known effects of LSD on 
and religious experience. the brain and a property that 
Further research showed that could arise from the LSD 
hallUCinogenic drugs bave been ingestion that wouldn't have 
core to the shamanic exper- been predictable given the 
ience. Mushrooms, peyote and effects. The first effect is Utat 
cannabis have been used by LSD paralyzes the compensa-
shamans for thousands of lion mechanisms for the 
years. serotonin/habituation system. 

Given the similiarity of the The second is that LSD alters 
religious/mystical experience sensory information from the 
across time , culture and primary receptors all the way 
geography Mandell saw the to the cortex. The third is that 
common ~Iement as man ' s the simplest form of learning 
brain. And the common that can be demonstrated , 
mechanism would be the habituation, is prevented ~y 
habituation/serotonin system. LSD. The emergent property IS 

I
When for any number of the religious/mystical exper-
reason's, the system shuts down ience, ~mething that.couldn't 
Mandell believes that the be predicted as resultmg from 
religioius/mystical experience the wide-spread disorganiza-
occurs . tional effects of LSD. 

Thus, when someone takes an "The core religious exper-
hallucinogen, the novelty of ience is tied to the mechanism 
familiar stimuli returns. The of unique serotonin arrest, " he 
newness that the perception said. " The arrest is the 

Although the mystical 
experience may have had some 
of its roots in the context of 
tribal survival thousands of 
years ago , the same type of 
effect can be seen in the world 
of modern physics . At the 
Winter Conference, Dr. Philip 
Anderson who won the 1977 
Nobel Prize for physics , 
proposed the idea that the 
theories of atomic physics had 
the mentality of the left brain; 

had at fir~t doeljn 't ~o a~ay : nuerological mechanism for There 18 a concept 10 biG- f . 
Chemical psychiatry called the the primary process 0 seelOg God . When the serotonin psychopharmalogical bridge. system is stressed with sleep 
The nature of the work in loss , hunger , thirst , long 
Mandell's rield is such that he periods of alcohol ingestion or 
may spend the morning seeing very high doses of ampheta-
patients and observing the min~sitcanshutdown, causing 
effect of various drug therapies the experience." 

cJ:Da S'oeurf. cfl//air 
~n 

creations 
FREE 

Crunchy Topping 
with any serving 
of frozen yogurt 

with this ad. 
Good thru Feb. 8 

Pee- 3 

• 

and the afternoon in the lab Mandell sees a reason for this 
seeing what effects the same mechanism surviving for 
drugs have on the brains of thousands of years as adaptive 
animals. Inferring that the in nature. If a tribe were being 
brain mechanisms observed in pursued by an enemy tribe and 
animals are the same for were going without sleep, food 
humans and that this is how the and water, someone in the tribe 

analytical , reductionistic , ......... ____ ..... 
whereas the nature of sub-
atomic theorizing is more right 
brain; intuitive, things seen as 
being parts of an inseparable, 
organic whole. 

drugs cause the behavorial with a low threshold for the Mandell called this " concep-
changes is the psychopharma- serotonin arrest could as a tual movement into sub-atomic 
logical bridge. result of the stress, have a physics like moving into a more 

Mandell began to wonder mystical experience, get up mystical frame of mind." He 
about the other side of the and be full of energy . It noted a recent book, Tbe Tao of 
bridge for the serotonin/habit- wouldn't be angry energy or h d t g 
uation mechanism. competitive energy , but a Pbysics , t at raws s ron 

I paralles between the world-"What is the human phenom- loving energy, a psycho og- view concepts of sub-atomic 
enology of the hallucinogenic ically contagious state that physics and mysticism. CouJda 
experience? Are there any would enable the tribe to go on b 
naturally occurring brain another few miles and perhaps response that egan as a 

survival reflex be a way of 
,:s:ta::t:es:...,::o:n:..the::.::..o:,;the:::.:.r ..:s::id::e:..,:of:..,::th.:,;e:......:fl:.::· n:.::d:.,.w;,:.a.::::.:.;te:..r_o_r_s_h_e_lte_r_. ----looking into a more fundamen-

Theatre ••• 
(Continued from page 1) 

flyer said that the flriallegal 
barrier was overcome on 
December 23, 1977, when Judge 
Hugo Fisher of the Superior 
Court issued an order giving the 
court's approval of the 
proposed agreement. If 
approved by the Regents, it is 
hoped that the theatre will be 
open in three years, said Ryer. 

The Theatre and Arts 
Foundation is a local organiza-
tion which has been in existence 
since 1950 , said Witte. He 
explained that the foundation 
has been in the process of 
attaining funds from a number 
of assets, most of which is real 
property located in San Diego 
County. 

"Underprivileged" 
Part of the proposed agree-

Dreams, How to work with 
your Dr .... Lift. A Seminar 
with Hugh Lynn Cayce, Dr. 
Charles T. Cayce and Dr. 
Herbert Puryear, Sunday, 
Feb. 5th 2 pm-l0 pm Bahia 
Motor Hotel, Mission 
Room, 998 West Mission 
Bay Dr.TIckllln ..... 1I door 
fw $10.00. StudIntI wttIIlJ $5.00. 
F. fwtt. InfImIItIon CIII .. 
1423. 

tal reality than our everyday 
t be th f d t · world? me~ tween .e oun a ~on "Yes" he answered . 

and the Regents IS that dunng , 
the three summer months , the 
theatre will be used to benefit 
underprivileged children. "The 
children will be encouraged to 
participate in plays ," said 
Witte. 

"The drama department is 
very excited about the pro-
posed theatre," said Associate 
Professor of Drama Michael 
Addison. "The theatre will be 
flexible. Its uses will range 
from a traditional to an 
experimental theatre." 

Summer Special 
Rate Program 

Mesa Apts. for Undergraduates 
Detailed application Information Is now 
available at each Resident Dean/Coun-
selor Office and at the Housing Office for 
the Summer SpeCial Rate Program at 
Mesa. The application period will begin 
March 15, 1978 and continue until all 
spaces are full. The rate Is $200.00, and 
only single undergraduates who have 
-lived the entire academic year In UCSD 
housln are ell Ibl •• 

Available at: 

The University Bookstore 
(Good Feb. I-Feb. 28) 

THE KEY 
A iiI". about the struggle 
'0/ the Palestinian people 
against Imperialism, 
Zionism and their agents. 
Thun. Feb. 2,7:00 pm USB 2622 

FREE 

Consumer Protection and Corporate RespoDnliibilUtyl 
Febru.ry '. !hund.y. 11 Noon 
M.ndnille A uclltoriull1 
Gene ... 1 Admission 53.00 
FREE to UCSD tudents, raculty and tarn 
(PIck up frft tld&ets •• rhe box office. You must un. tlebt to let 
UC San Dlqo Box Offke 
4~2""5~9 



...... triton times 

Joyce's "Portrait" suffers 
in Jtranslation to screen 

~y Ted Burke C &rib.tiIIl EdI&or One ust give credit to 
director Joseph Strick for 
trying to film the unfilmable, in 
this Cllle, converting James 
Joyces'brilliantDOvelP~t 
0I1IIe Artist as a Youal ·Man 
into -a filmic entity. Tbe novel is 
about young Stephen Dedalus, 
whose entrance into Irish 
manhood is shown as life-long 
struilies with his Catholicism 
guilt, sex, commitment to an 
artistic vision that is spiritual 
without being dogmatic, and 
his final decision that he must 
exile himself from his native 
shore in order to achieve the 
distance he needs to create. 
Although the story is dutifully 
portrayed in Strick's version, 
scene after scene, the result is a 
stiff-wristed literalism that 
achieves little of what Joyce 
intended. 

Part of the blame must De 
laid to Joyce, though, in a 
roundabout way. Like Dubli-

Den and S&epbea Hero, the 
prose of PortraIt 01 die Artist 
vividly outlines tbe self 
consciousness of its hero in an 
environment that he's trying to 
assess. Joyce was ruthless in 
his intentions, and in following 
them, revealed in Stephen a 
profound ambivilence toward 
his family, religion and culture . 
Stephen Dedalus was confront-
ed and confused by experiences 
as they unfolded,leading him to 
the opposite ends of obsession, 
from consorting with prosti-
tutes, to a kind of quiet piety 
that he hoped would lead from 
the gates C!f hell. 

Joyce, through subtle shirts 
of tones and the relaying of 
incidents that seem outwardly 
banal but which assume a 
poetiC, almost revalatory 
power, has Stephen becoming 
more philosophical, more 
questioning of his faith , 
increasingly more at odds with 
the cultural pre-determinism of 
the Irish Nationalists who are 

the bulk of his school buddies. 
Stephen puts distance between 
himself and his bis heritage, 
and through the act of solitary 
bravery moves to Paris, where 
he may "write anything I 
wish." 

Needless to say, the only 
reason this story among all 
other coming-of-age stories is a 
masterpiece is through Joyce's 
masterful prose, which mixes 
the inner tensions of Stephen's 
developing psyche with the 
harsh physicality of the real 
world with a magical, musical 
consistency that entwines the 
opposite poles with the ease of 
lacing a boot. 

Strick's J:endition captures 
little of this inner conflict. 
Scenes from the novel are 
depicted with a snapshot 
accuracy for the most part, but 
lack the psychological dimen-
sion. The young Stephen 
(played by Luke Johnson) , who 
sits at a Christmas dinner 

listenin, to his family argue 
over religion, and the later 
Stephen, who is the middle of a 
conflict between the soul saving 
comfort of the Church and the 
physical pleasures of sex, is 
portrayed, by Boscoe Hogan.as 
little more than an expression-
less, humorless manniquin who 
can only signify the sensitivity 
of the character with blank 
expressions and sombre eyes 
peering through crooked 
glasses . The only time the 
Stephen character assumes the 
dimensions of the novel is 
towards the end, when Stephen 
gradually pulls away from the 
shadow of the Church so that he 
may articulate some theories of 
his own. 

Relating to a good-natured 
but UJlcomprehending buddy, 
Stepehn voices a philosophical 
debate between religion and 
art, and, in the end, chooses art . 
Stephen here is arrogant and 
finally cold and detached in his 
decision to separate himself 
from Ireland. He must pursue 
his art, and that entails leaving 
all that he knows. 

Strick, who is a visiting 
Regents' lecturer, commented 

at the film 's conclusion 
was unable to captu 
essence of the Joyce 
certain scenes, adlnitting 
at times the prose 
in the domain of the DS1{C"' .... 
ieal that the visual 
couldn't be found. 
ately, the problem 
much farther than he 
The camel'a style was 
ally flat and uninv 
concentratin, mai 
medium close ups, 
style, and long shots 
capture frequent shots 
ruggedly hands.ome I 
landscape and which give 
cursory depiction of details 
boarding school, a "JAII"",""-
pub, an auctioil, a 
without any attempt to 
how such things af 
Stephen's eventual 
Strick's version is 
than an expanded 
sketch of a malste~rDiece 
elaborate synopsis rather 
the translation of art. 

In any case, both Strick 
Joyce suffer with Pnl .. t .. ,,1t 
the Arti.t . A good story 
cannot· be retold well in a 
medium should be cha 
preserve its essence, 
shouldn't be told at all . 

Tf 
Valentine 
Personals 

Ken Cinema presents Fellini's film 
"Casanova": seduction as 

Are 
Coming! 
Get them 
In early! 
~ 15~" 

Deadline: 
Thurs., Feb. 9, 

2pm 

UCSD THEATRE 
PRESENTS 

THE HOSTAGE 
by BRENDAN BEHAN 

Directed by ARTHUR WAGNER 

A boisterous comedy in 
tile outrageous spirit of 
Music Hall and Knock-
about farce. 

February 2-5& 7-12 at 8:00pm 
in UCSD THEATRE 

nCKETSNOWONSALEI , 
$2.50 Student. $3.75 General 

UCSD THEA THE TICKET OFFICE 
(Behind Book.tore) 

MONDA Y -FRIDAY 12:00-4:00 

Call 452-4574 WeeJu'ay.12-4pm 

by Debbie Schwartz 
Staff Writer 

The Ken Cinema is present-
ing Fellini 's "Casanova " 
tonight and tomorrow night. 

Those expecting to exper-
ience heights of eroticism 
in viewing this film may 
find themselves greatly dis-
appointed by what a friend 
of mille described as "nothing 
but a lot of dry humping." But 
those willing to put these 
expectations aside may find 

UNIVERSITY OJ SAN DIEGO 
ALCALA PARK 

SAN DIEGO , CA 92110 

~~4 
,,444/4ea1lt 

. . . A CHALLENGING NE 
CAREER FOR 

COLLEGE GRADUATES 
• 12·week Sprint Dey_Ion 

~in. Feb. 13, 1978 
·24· w .. k lprIntE .... lng_1on 

~In. Morch 21 . 1978 
-AB'" Prow.lone' Appro •• 1 
·Cllnic.llnlemol1lp 
'PRESENTATION: Sat . Jan 28, 

10 am. CImino 150. USD 
·For.f_b ......... 
CAll , (71 4,291-+180 EXT. 4325 
Write: Aulatant 

cJfal't by 
JackiE. <Wl[~on 

some humorous and sarcastic 
views about seduction as a 
sport and quantity vs. quality in 
relationships. 

Fellini is commenting in his 
film on the material ornateness 
of high-class 18th century 
society and its resulting 
objectification of the human 
spirit. This objectification is 
also evident in modern civiliza-
tion, where increaSing techno-
logical advances meet the 
rising demands of capitalism 
and, in turn, transform men 
into commodities . Erich 
Fromm deals with this trans-
formation in his book TheArlof 
Loving , where he describes 
happiness in relationships to 

. 

cJ1!l.ak£-u? by :Jimmy 
459-3361 

ness today consists in . Casanova" is one way in 
fun. ' Having fun lies in _"'hil~h this element of separate-
satisfaction of consuming developed The " out-
taking in commodities, scenes in the film are 
food, drinks, cigarettes, night shots or murky 
lectures, books, movies shots which persist in 
are consumed, swallowed. the viewer. in a fog. 
world is one great object for rs are dimly lit , 
appetite, a big breast; we scant opportunities 
the sucklers, the ete the depth of the 
expectant ones , the This constraining use of 
ones - and the ete tes a somber mood for 
disappointed ones." The and acts as a black 
expressed by Fellini which obstructs the 
., Ca sa nova " co rre la te I plane of the viewer. 
contemporary society a uch of " Casanova" is 
as to the 18th century. iously contrived . The 

There is no better lighting is pretentious 
comment about ;~~l~~~:;I:n,:d'd~C a san 0 va's m a k e -u p 

_ than to objectify the 
This is precisely what 
does with "Casanova. 
process of objectifi 
involves an element seDl,. :ene 
ateness, of existence 
and independent of 
Through his style of di 
and theatrical use of the 
medium , Fellini reminds 
that the screen as well as 
visual imagery upon it is 
.>bject separate rrom the 
of the viewer. 

The use of light, or 
appropriately lack of 

~ 

• ROBl:.HT OUVAII 
, It .. 

' .nd NICOL WILLIAMSON 
...-..' n ........ 

Casanova is another means by 
which Fellini objectifies his 
film . Donald Sutherland is 
heavily and adequately made-

up to resemble a portrait of 
Casanova. His face has become 
a mask; a sculptural form or 
object incapable of expressing 
any form of human emotion. 
And Sutherland portrays 
Casanova as an empty shell 
spiritually and morally 
impotent. Fellini 's Casanova 
exhibits no strength of char-
acter; he is a physical 
manifestation of his deficient 
inner character. He is granted 
admirable traits which are due 
him: intelligence, wit and a 
fascination for women. But his 
spiritual deficiency renders 
him incompetent at love 
despite his interest and 
intelligence. Throughout the 
film, the viewer does not 
identify with Casanova, just as 
one would not identify with a 
mannequin. And , by the end, 
the emptiness and futility of his 
life come to be understood. 

* * * 

I ntern program .. 
(c.;ontinued from page 1) 
When asked why the intern 

program has not yet been 
Implemented, McElroy refer-
red to the closeness of votes on 
the program taken by the 
advisory committee - funding 
for the program was first voted 
down in the committee and 
later approved - and said 
"There never appeared to be ~ 
major inroad for students," 
Schneider said. "McElroy and 
Hunt were willing to recognize 
student representatives as part 
of the top -level decision -

triton times 

The subject of mannequins 
brings up the idea of objectifi-
cation as spectacle. Fellini 
includes various material 
items in the film which become 
meaningful to Casanova . One 
item of obvious significance. 
introduced at the beginning, is 
a mechanical bird that accom-
panies Casanova on his 

numerable sexual escapades; a 
musical metronome that 
marks out the rhythm for his 
rendezvous. Casanova also 
encounters a life-like doll in the 
film which intrigues him to the 
point where he must seduce 
it/her. He overtly replaces a 
human being with a lifeless 
object and transforms women 
into commodities which fulfill 
his sexual appetite . Sexual 
intercourse is also turned into a 
public spectacle when Casa-
nova competes in an hour-long 

contest of endurance . The 
meaning of the sexual act is 
reduced to the level of mere 
physical exertion. 

* .* 

making process as it concerns 
student needs." 

Not totally satisfied 

Harris said she is not totally 
satisfied, becaus e ' 't he 
administration made a decision 
(to use the intern funds) , then 
notified the advisory commit-
tee about it:" 

great enthusiasm or mandate 
for the program ... So once it got 
down to the staff level (for 
implementation) I guess there 
was a lot of foot-dragging. But 
how that Howard (Hunt) has 
been alerted to this , that 
students really want the 
program, there should be no 
problem. " 

$2.00 OFF on' 
~~ 

FOR MEN AND WOMEN 
WITHTHI8AD 

DBA PAULS COAST BARBERY 
FOR APPOINTMENT CALL 755-4433 

1224 CAMINO DEL MAR, DEL MAR 

P.5 

Orchestra to play 
outer space music 

Performing music from such 
current hit movies as "Star 
Wars," the San Diego Sym-
phony Orchestra will give a 
special April 17 "pops" concert 
of " Music From Outer Space" 
in the Sports Arena , reports 
Richard Bass, general mana-
ger of the orchestra. 

"As this is our orchestra's 
first appearance in the Sports 
Arena ," explains Mr. Bass, 
"we hope itis the beginning of a 
long-time relationship . The 
huge seating capacity will give 
many more San Diego resi-
dents the opportunity to hear-
and enjoy - our city' s fine 
orchestra . " 

Co-presenter for the event 
with the Sports Arena is Wolf & 
Rissmiller Concerts of Los 
Angeles , who originated a 
similar production held last 
November in Hollywood Bowl. 
Highlighting the evening will be 
a spectacular laser beam light 
show that is coordinated with 
the concert program. 

Music Director Peter Eros 
will conduct this special 7 pm 
Monday night concert, which 
will conclude the Orchestra 
Association's annual Sym-
phony Radiothon fund-raising 

Spring Break 
in 

MAZATLAN 

weekend that starts Friday 
April 14. ' 

Program selections to be 
performed by the orchestra will 
include: the suite from "Star 
Wars " and the suite from 
" Close Encounters ", both 
composed by John Williams' 
"Music from 2001 : A Space 
Odyssey" , by Richard Strauss; 
and " The Planets" by Gustav 
Holst. 

This concert will mark the 
first time that the orchestra 's 
sound will be reinforced by a 
massive, hanging stereo sound 
system. The musical sound will 
be mixed by a 96-channel, state 
of the art , recording studio 
mixing console . In addition, the 
orchestra will perform under a 
giant lighting truss, similar to 
those used by major touring 
rock groups. 

Tickets for the San Diego 
Symphony ' s '! Music From 
Outer Space" concert, to be 
performed one night only, will 
be priced at $9.75 and $8.75 
each. They will go on sale in 
mid-March at the Sports Arena 
Box Office and all Arena 
agencies, including the Bill 
Gamble 's men's stores. 

$lll"total 
Leinle March 27 5 days/4 nights. Includes hotel 
deluxe dinner, special discount book taxes: 
airfare, bay cruise and airport transfers. ' 

Call Now - 566-8490 

TLC Travel 
ill~O MIR AMAR ROA D. UITE "D ·· iiii;;~SAN DIEC O . CAI.ItOR N IA ~1121 • PHONE 171 4' 5(.10.8490 

OPEN 

NEW WORLD RECORD CO. 
3211 Holiday Court 

La Jolla Phone 455-5580 

at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 
entry street to La Jolla Village Inn 

FINEST COLLECTIONS OF 
CLASSICAL, JAZZ and ROCK 

I BRING THIS AD - SAVE SOC I Off OUR LOW PRICES! 
. Store Hours - Open 7 Days 

Dally 10 to 9:30 p.m. Sunday 11 to 6 p.lII . 



w ..... ...,. PebruerY 1.1m 

latest .fashions 
in wire frames 

1M a.,,,,'ball ., 

dr. marvin 
weitzman 

Superlative Scorers top AAA . 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fined 
repairs 
hours rnon -!I, 1030 - 8' 00 

511 ICHi clOMCl SUfI(IIys 

Immigration 
Law 

Daniel W. Henry 
Attorney at Law 

Associated with 
Law Offices of 

Otto F. Swanson 
Los Angeles 

After just two weeu of play in intramural 
men's AM, AA, A Coed and Peewee (5'10" and 
under) basketball, playoff situationa are sWOl 
up and some teaml are ready to ahip out. 

1M baaketbal, al doel collele ball, produces 
lopsided and ridiculously low scoriOl lam~s. 
Head honcho of 1M basketball Lee Johnson, the 
klOl of the courts, the relent of the rims and the 
doctor of double dribble; bas told the Triton 
Times he will put together weekly cage rankinga 
to let the many participants have something to 
boast about (besidea how hard their Chem 120 
class is) . The rat.in&a as of week two: 

AAA 
Although only eight AAA teams exist, 

competition is tough in this top echelon of 
intramural basketball at UCSD. Number one 
ranked Superlative Scoren lived up to their 
name by flushing Shitown 73-35. Mojave Green 
(not to be confused with Fallbrook Sin Simia) 
left In Your Face deserted 65-54 despite the 
superhuman efforts of ex-all-OAL center 
Roderick Beard. The AAA ratins: 

1) Superlative Scorers (3-0) 
2) Mojave Green (3-0) 
3) Abrewang (2-0) 
4) Abusers (l -I) 

AA 
Argo Animals cracked the Rocky Mountain 

Oysters 44-41 to earn the top spot in Men's AA 
ball. Looking good against BAD was Ruben and 
the Jets 70-30 to make the Jets number two 
according to Lee Johnson , Johnson and 
Johnson' s, Masters and Johnson , Howard 
Johnson and Brothers Johnson. The Yellow 
Rags and Shy town Cats, despite being ignored in 
the polls, played one of the greatest 1M games of 
all time as Shy town prevailed in a 36-32 
protested decision . The Men 's AA ratings: 

1) Argo Animals (2-0) 
2) Ruben and the Jets (3-0) 
3) Dr. Daves AU-Stars (2-0) 
4) Vice Squad (2-0) 
5) Hustlers (2-0) 

A 
Petriried Trailburgers (sounds like a Muir 

cafeteria delicacy) rolled the Bums 68-31 to top 
the Men's A poll while number two rated 
Dribling Schmates made short work of SHORT 
57-11 . The Men's A ratings: 

1) Petrified Trailburgers (2-0) 
2) Dribbling Schmatas (2-0) 

625 Third Ave. 
ula Vista, CA 
4) 425-0820 

737 nearl no. 201 3) Scripps Beach and Tennis Club (2-0) rl 4) Input-Output (2-0) 
La Jolla, CA 5) Tchichaes (2-0) - Will this team please let 

( ) Lee Johnson know how to pronounce its name or 714 454-9446 they will be reported to immigration officials. 
Se Habla Espanol COED 

Fala Top rated Suck Mucks used a ringer from the ~;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;::;;~~~~~~~~~l~U~CS~D women's basketball team to win at the 

bUlzer, 36-34, from People's Last Chance. 
Second billed Come Again?, reclaiming its flag 
football fame, wore out HOPE 70-<0. The Coed 
top five: 

1) Suck Mucks (3-0) 
2) Come Again (3-0) 
3) Coed (3-0) - what an original name 
4) Happy Hookers (3-0) 
5) Up on Top Again (3-(1) 

In the men's 5' 10" and under league, Randy 
Newman's hit siOlle "Short People" did not 
make the top five, but the Intercourts, who 
bewildered Mindless 49-27 did become number 
one. Ditto distilled MOONSHINE 55-36 for the 
number two spot. The Peewee ratings: 

1) Intercourts (3-0) 
2) Ditto (3-0) 
3) Zoning Stin (2-0) 
40 Wild East Show (2-0) 
5) Popcorn Machine (2-0) 
In the bottom five, Ogden IV (1-1) is on top of 

the garbage heap as they were undermined by 
the Gophers 27-26. Foggy Mountain Breakdown 
(0-2) is still in a state of repair as they lost 36-33. 
Number three is Time Warp (0-2) and still lost 
(47-19) in space while number four Beef By-
Products (0-2), having been outscored 159-71 in 
two games, made it to the Muir cafeteria main 
course. Number five Los Angeles Lakers (of the 
NBA and WBC-World Boxing Council) are 0-7 on 
the road and getting worse. 

Quote of the week: 1M official Tim Roemer, 
gloating after Notre Dame won its twenty-first 
game in a row at home, finally revealed the 
words to the ND fightsong , " Cheer, cheer for old 
Notre Dame ... you take the priest, we'll take the 
dame ... " 

Men's tennis team 
swallows 8-1 loss 

Nationally ranked tennis power Arizona State 
University handed UCSD's men's team three 
loses last weekend at Tempe in the dual meet 
openers for both teams. 

ASU, which lost to the Tritons last season, 
topped UCSD Friday afternoon 8-1. The Tritons 
lone win came in the number two doubles match, 
as Bill Hein and Jack Broudy defeated ASU's 
Mike Carruthers and John Hermanson 6-1. H . 

On Saturday ' morning, ASU shut out the 
Tritons 9-(1 but several matches were close. 
Broudy lost to Carruthers in the number four 
singles match 7-5, 5-7 and ..... , while Paul Me~h 
and Russ Carlson lost to David Rybachi and 
Alan Waldman 7~, H. 

Later on Saturday, ASU again beat UCSD 8-1, 
but in the number one siqlea match, Metscb 
blasted Tim Anderson 6-2, H. ' 

, 
I , 

PAYSDONORS~ 
tor Service I I ! 

Mon. -Fri. ; 
233-5481 ! 
234·4601 . 

............. , .. , .. ~.~~ ...... ~-... j 

Reading 
i. for 

e"eryone 

visit the 
Bookwottca 

a full line bookItore 
()pen daily 10-9 

Sun. 12-6 
Flower Hill Center 

2670 Via de la Valle 
Del Mar, Ca. 

755·3755 

w .... ..",..".." 1.1871 

Henderson ... 
(Conlinued from page 2) 
checkers may end up on the 
welfare rolla . 

"So. never let an economist 
use the term 'efficiency' 
without defining it," she warns . 

Because of her accurate 
shOts at some of the concepts 
dearest to many economists' 
minds, Henderson has a 
reputation as an "econoclast." 
He r jus t-pu blished book , 
ereatin. AUernative Futures, 
has won high praise from the 
likes of historian William Irwin 
Thompson and U.S. Senator 
Edward Kennedy. 

Yet British-bOrn Henderson 
is self-taught in economics, 
having never gone to college. 
She learned what she knows in 
self-defense. 

Back in 1967, when she was 
working to clean up New York 
City's air in one of the first of 
her many social action ven-
tures, s~e was often told that 
her ideas were uneconomic. 

"It never occurred to ·me 
there was something wrong 
with those proposals, " she 
reca lled during a recent 
interview. "So I decided there 
was something wrong with 
economics because the people 
dying of air pollution were not 
counted in." 

She plunged into economics 
books ("I devoured econo-
mics," she recalled. " It was so 
experiential. I was debating 
corporation executives on the 
radio. ") and emerged with an 
array of facts , molded into new 
theories . 

Economists claim to be 
scientists of the social house-
hold's management. But they 
were more like lawyers, she 
decided, who can marshall 
arguments fit to the needs of 
their clients but never look at 
the workings of the intercon-
nected whole. They had 
entirely failed to take account 
of entropy. 

As long as resources were 
abundant, they could afford to 
ignore it. But entropy implies 
that a piece of coal , once 
burned, cannot be reconsti -
tuted to be burned again. 

Now, with each piece of coal 
costing more than the last, and 
likewise each gallon of oil and 
water, ecologists and econo-
mists have begun to talk 
together. . . 

In 1975, Henderson founded 
Environmelltalists for Full 
Employment in Washington, 
designed to encourage such 
conversation . The ,roup 
enlisted Sierra Club members 
and their kin in support of the 
Humphrey-Hawkins Full 
Employment Act. In exchange, 
some labor leaders pledged to 
see to it that jobs created would 
not be environmentally 
destructive. . 

Environmentalists need to 
recognize, Henderson pointed 
out, " thatifthe pie isn 't going to 
get any bigger it has to be 
shared better. , 

"The planet is a programmed 
learning environment," she 
added. " Sharing, honesty and 
cooperation are the operating 
principles. All of the spiritual 
tradi tions , all religions in 
history, have understood that. 
It's just that we never under-
stood the time-frame. Now it 's 
nice that the planet is nudging 
us along." 

triton times 

triton times 
classifieds 
tLAlillIFIED Abti _r ... : .. _ .. _ 
_-..,..., 11.,..-1 __ . 
1_6r ...... : I_lorn ........... 
A.tI caWoI ....... : WaMHI. r .. ~. Tran i 

.......... Sorv ..... ~,...I. ........ , .. F_. 
v_ ... ~ .... per_rube _ilN .. 

... Iv ........ _ . ........... _ .. II ....... IIN by 
I ..... __ doy wf ...... _11111 '0 _or. 

OIfln- .... n lor ......... " .... ~m ...... 
_ II 3 on ~1I\f 

personalS 
Toall Re~llrv;inter.n.dwllea: AllItofwinter 1m 
Revelle araduatesn pn t.ed on 1Mboird oUllkle the 

Revel~ ProVO&t ', oUice: . Pleuecbeell: LO make lUre 
)00" name I. on it H you hilve .. nyqunllo .... 5>lealf 
see Ul Myers. 

See " OubUnrrs" and " Firmepn', Wake" and hear 
director JOM'ph Strick Tburs.·Maadtvllle Ctr,. pm 
12111 

To the puson who Ittole the rautle-ar rrom my 
SUzuki on Muir ThLlI'I eve 0\8)' It rain Oft ,You 
forever. 421 Ii 

GIII),1 tind Dan. " 'e are sorry. II wa Ju.l lor fun . 
Lov, . Anghy . Di a nI' and Sulle t; . 1211) 

To Janel (the dell worker wllh the beautiful bhH! 
oy .. , : 'thl_kyou·,.. uea .. ·D.1.8. uhoR •• ell. Deli 
Woman WQtC'iler) . 

Thl. Thuro nit. a. The Sid. Door .•. L.wl. 
MIt ..... ...,n and LH Norman' "II . • otop by. 
12111 
Tfnni. ClUb me .. ln, reb. I 1: 141 R.c Gym 
Co nreren c e Rm co me· InVite 'rlends . (2/1) 

TY PI NG - llatil) _ would liu to f",iII YOllrtylI"II 
_ - ..... n . re..-..ble. h .. IBM . C.U~. 
12/ 21' 

Kinder •• non .ni ... at Saody Hill <»00>. Sol""" 
Belt. Sm.U cia .. : ","Iic. opt!\. caU-..sT4 12/31 

NEED A TVPIST" R ..... b .. rote. SPEEDY 
SERVICE. IBM sel'..,or,...,tin,. KaLhi. rn.t2t9 
IIrter 12: 00 noon. ,31171 

PROFF:SSIONAL THES'S I M ANUSC R I PT 
TYPING Experienced: thorOlllhly 'amillar Yollh 
all form" at)'~ rYQulrelTlftlLr RUlh Jobi a<-ffpted 
IBM Cor_'nc Selectri c lI'y.,....rller D.t SM-
Ull . ... ve 511-2947 till ') 

RESEARCH PAPERS - Thousand. on f," 12 7:1 
per pale Ori,lnal l"e'8etfn:h al., .vailable . .knd 
IloIlO for <aloiDI NATIUSAL RESEARCH 1_ 
lA',bhi", no m LA to02. ,2131 4'''0lIl 131171 
THE UNITY DR UM CALLS TO GATHER THE 
PEOPLE Arner Indl.n Stude ... M •• t Thun. H 
pm S.ud. 0'1. Bid,. IIiIZl (by Studenl c..ter' 
imporlilnl to mHl serve and lftVOIVf you. CZ/I, 

FOLKLORE AND MYTHOLOCI CAL STUDIES 
journal need article . D .... lin • . 111$1 71. GSM 1037. 
UCLA . Loa Anc.I ... _4 12111 

MEN' - WOMEN' 
JOB ON SHIPS! Ameri c an rorol,D. No 
experience ~ir.d E.~II~nl pay Worldwide 
travel. Summer job or cartfl'. St:nd $3 00 ror 
In'onna.i"". SEAFAX. Oopt. 8-4 80. _ . Pon 
Anae1eI, WilJ,uDtton II3S2 (11 ' 1 

for sale 
6' 10" LOPel Lllhten,n, Bolt su rfboard .ood 
co nciltl OD *'0 call Sr.d 411 · 1132 121&1 

61 VW Fwtbaclt. Just rebuilt. New r~dLals xlnt . 
coneS l Im/ oiler. A.k for Hart! 411-1592 (211) housing 
1m MGB, uceUenl mec~nically . IookJ lreat 

Own room available In Wu:.d " Sea Iff'S a plshared inside" out , wire wheela F'M Call morns or " 7~ 
w,Lh ,rod 'Ie y.nU 'rom beach. 'S7Imo. J.rr 412. liSt 12/3' 
2G32 '2/ S, 

taR, 2B. house on r.anyon parll. Z 'pl, mucb brat_. 
Slone. tile wort . " 77.80' . f76·5174 t2 / 31 

Roomate needed In IJeI Mar dupAeJ I block from 
bel co h own room lZOlmo 1S5 ·170 ' \211 1 

Couch, love at t coffee t.ab~ and recliner chair· 
aoocI cond onl) 1100. 411-0257 sandy a'",r ~ pm ,2/31 

READS Speed Readu\.I Coone T .. o lor one~ 
• ..,h. Six Ihr ... , .... '''' rtinllOOI1 Ridlard 41 J.IS57 
I2IU 

rOR SALE 1861 ~b automobiw Two C)·d. 
ROOM TO SHARE. 2bdnn . ....... , """an aide 01 "&ine. " mil .. to the lallo • . Goe.Uk.heU NO!) 00. 
MisJ.on Beach. 91.75' I,. uti!. Non.tmok.er . ..... ,. 15$.1879 12"1 
even. t2l10. 

lost & found 
H.lp! I lOll a .. vy blue aill Jackel In • nyloo .1uI1 bo,. Pl ..... re.ur. to ,.,. ofIico Oooaer·. f ..... n. 
Loot . ... lute klll' .... 1 rInI. (GId IOIUn, II lound 
pi .... caU levi...,., _lor 420-7112. Marie. 

FOUND: Gold hoop urln,. pl.rrod. CO.I.CI 
Borbara St..,. P .E Oopt. ._ 

Loot dark blue wlndbrukor w/ mlulnc pockel>. 
manlla me fokkr wl claa notft . .s:J-7J 13 Lee 

LoIt· 1 yellow physics notebook on Tuesda)' in the 
ladie. Iock.room. II 'ound pl._ cali 4:03.&:1311 
Found: T-Ihirt on bump-C laim In TT office . 

Loll: Na~y blueIkJJack.etln nyloa 'UlHbaa:" Plea. 
return to ~T oUice . Owner it freeain&!'" 

sniclS 

Yamaha FG3Of) 'ltoelat lUilar perf , cond 7 yr old 
Ireat tOM. , at'tion taO/ oU 'Ill /case CaLI Dan 454-
_1213, 

7tI YW SUJ Iood """" low mU.ap 1200 dolla n or 
bell oner eventnp and weekends t:i.l-ftS! (213) 

wanted 
Neeci '" J>OIIIible. kld· lovlnuuy to be compo .... 10 
IG yr. old. lorldaya/ wk La Jolla Shores. Sarbara 
4.14-1710. 12110' 

CreaLive An "~to"'J.ln labels andadvertl,iD, 
,"you •• Frnltr r.rml405W. G .. nd. Eocondldo. CA 
"125 745-1311 1213' 

WaDted-Pon·urne _1.1oc 'or <oIIf' lIudent 
interested in spona wnllna for Del Mar newspaper 

~rI.""" In pIlOl_aplly prererred. Phooe 7S5-
t7II (2131 
tIO / hr. modelln. Dude for la Independent 
p/IOIoInphtr Sucl name. addreu. phone no . • 
be. LIme .... bed by pIo_ .. Box 3252 Son Di .. o. 
CA lilt:! . AU ,..,.rl .. held ....rIcltMlaUy. Role,....,.. 
••• lIa ..... (lIl, 
c ..... paid 'or col ... c .... riap. Jewelry . ....... 1 

Pro/ ... lo •• 1 Typl ••. H ••• oaable Ra ••• 111M 1fIId. -tac .• nd pre 111M U.S. Silver <VI ... Kou c.or-u.., SeIodrl< call lor,. ... EsIImaIe. G.II 7M-m1. (2IB 
411·_ . l.lt1 

~ ................ IBM eeIeotric "'"" ........ . 
_ . * . .,..,.-. _ ............ 11I1t, 
TYPING! , ... ......., ___ • PlIO. 
._11_ ...... RUllI .1085 ·-,_ 1171 . __ • __ ...,.. 

travel _ 
lOOK ON CAIII'tJS: r: ......... HawaU .... NO'I( 
yorka.-n .... auS ...... 1II T .. veIStIlcleDI 
c-r __ Opea "-J' 12-4 cau w_ 
IIiIU 

NAVY 
NUCLEAR PROPULSION. 

THE FASTEST WAY UP 
IN NUCLEAR ENGINEERING. 

If you want to get into nucl.,. engineering. start by get-
ting into the Nuclear Navy. 

The Navy operates more than half the reactors in 
America. Our nuclear training is the most comprehensive. 
You start by.earning your commission as a Navy Officer. 
Then we give you a year of advanced nuclear training. 
During your career, }'O!JlI set practical, hands-on experi-
ence with our nudeer pow_eel fleet. 

If that sounds liII8 the kir..;J of responsibility you're 
looking for, speak to: 

JUNIORS/SENIORS 
The NBy will PlY $I4O/month for up to 13 
monthl of your .. nlor ,Hr" you can qualify for 
thll outttanc:llng program. L T John Clullker wlll -
be Interviewing for WI outstanding program 
Feb. 22-23 on the UCSD campul. Contact ,our 
plKement office for an Ippolntment or call 293-
1444 for more Information. 

Advanced facilities. 
Profasional climate. 
Exciting today. 

W~-open tomorrow. 
At NCR Engineering and Manufacturing-San Diego you have a 
chance to earn an important place-as last as your abilities 
permit-in one of the nation's most progressive digital computer 
systems lacilities. You 'lI undertake non-defense assignments 
aimed at improving business, financial, governmental and 
educational operations in more than 120 countries, and your 
benefits will include a thoroughly professional environment, an 
excellent salary, award-winning plant and laboratories, generous 
vacations, educational reimbursement, and lully paid hfe, hospital 
and medical plans. A rewardIng today, a certain tomorrow and a 
chance to claim your fair share of the computer future. To learn 
more , please reserve the date below. 

Opportunity at B.S. and M .. S. levels 
Imporumt, continuing commercial activity In: 

Hardware Design and Development 
Perform design. checkout and documentation lor slate·ol·the-art 
computing equipment : coordination from specifications 01 a logical 
sequence 01 components and circuitry for a desired computer 
output ; design of circuitry and logic for high· speed computers and 
systems. Additional opportunities to perform design 01 test 
equipment to check out computer systems. Candidates should be 
interested in logical and Circuit design. For EE graduates. 

Software Programming 
Origination, design. development and implementation of complex 
software systems: development of original functional design and 
processing technlqu.s : design and impiementattOn of state-of·the-
art data base/lile managament software and a large·scale on-line 
multiprogramming execulive design . flowcharting, coding and 
implementation of on-line executive software modules. For EE , 
Computer Science or Math graduates. 

Flnnware DeveloprMnt 
Positions requiring EE or CS degree to organize and implement 
firmware programs to emulate computing systems: creative use of 
existing compute, logic lor automatic diagnosis of hardware 
malfunctions: develop programs to automat~ manufacturing 
pfocedures, simulate electronic circuit response and simulate 
logic functions. 

Industrial Engineering 
Development method improvements in shop fabricatoon, assembly 
operat,ons and matenal handling technoques. BSIE required. 

Positions .Iso for EE's In 
Quality Engineering 
Factory liaison 

On-canpus interviews 
Wednesday. Feb. 8 
To arrange an appointment contact the Placement O"ector In the 
Occupational Placement Office now /I you cannot schedule an 
appOintment for the interview date. p /eas i3 send a rBsume to Ihe 
UmverSl/y Placement Olfector or to the aodress below 

ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING-SAN DIEGO 
16550 W. Bernardo Dr .• San Diego, Calof. 92127 
An eqIM' opportumly emplo " 



, ....... , ...... I" 
.:J~.~~. 

Come and meet Elizabeth Prophet 
fiND OUT how we can worlt together to solve personal and planetary problems 

throoCh the tnehinp of the ascended mlSten. 
fIND OUT your role in the Coming Revolution and how you cao accelerate 

God-ronsciousncu through the science of the spoken Word . 
fIND OUT who your brothm and sisten on the Path really arc . 
EXPERIENCE Liaht with songs. saued·ftre meditations , visualizations through 

three.screen multimedia slide dissolve- music attUned to your Real Sclf. 
EXPERIENCE the initiation of Jesus and Saint Germain for your soullibcration 

given by the Messenger for the Great White Brotherhood: 
... ___ ....... _ ....... _ .... _ .. __ ...... __ 0. 

Fri. Scottish Rite Cathe<kal Auditorium, Free 
Feb.3 1895 Camino Del Rio South, to 
7 pm San Die,o All 

For more iDformaUoD call 755-ZUJ Spon....d br Chun:h UnMnIIl and Tnumpban. 

Record book 
assaulted by 
swim team 

UCSD', men', ,wlmmiDl 
team broke seven school 
records aDd qualified in two 
events for tbe NAIA Nationals 
in last weekend's Cal Poly 
Pomona Relays in Pomona. 

Lance Halsted led the aSlUalt 
on the Triton record book as be 

. established new marks in the 
1650 freestyle (17: 29.95) and200 
freestyle (1: 51.24). Halsted 
also became the first UCSD 
swimmer ever to qualify for the 
nationals in an individual event 
(the 1650) . 

Other school records bet-
tered were by the 4x200 free-
style relay team (which also 
qualified for the nationals) of 
Halsted, Joe Agronick, Mark 
Allen and Joe Hernandez 
(7: 35.56), the 4x100 freestyle 
relay team of Halsted, Hernan-
dez , Agronick and Mark 
LaMattino (3: 25.80), Allen in 
the 100 backstroke (58.91) and 
Allen again in the 400 1M 
(4: 36.41) . 

UCSD totaled 91 points 
(9th place) in the 14 team meet, 
which featured defending two-
time NCAA Division II champ-
ion Cal State Northridge, 
Pepperdine and UC Santa 
Barbara. 

Wblte Wbales 
alJd 

Otber 
MelQorabilia 

The political pundits are 
already throwing out their 
prognostications on who will be 
President of the United States 
in 1980. Some say Carter will 
repeat. Others point to 
California Governor Jerry 
Brown. Republicans give the 
nod to Ronald Reagan, or the 
return of Gerald Foni. 

I can categorically tell you all 
the above names are wrong. 
And no, it won't be Edward 
Kennedy or Jim Thompson or 
Scoop Jackson or Howard 
Cosell. 

It will be Richard M. Nixon. 
Nixon, if you'll remember, 

was President of the United 
States. 

Now, let me further amaze 
you by predicting his running 
mate. Don't hold your breaths, 
yes, as you might have guessed, 
it's Spiro Agnew. 

Agnew, if you'll remember, 
was Vice-president of the 
United States. 

How E\teIYn.Wood Reading 
Dynallllpp gIVeS yqu a 
COInpetitlve edgi In school. 
SchOOl at any level means reading ... lots of It. Keeping up with 
thousands of pages can take a heavy toll in time and energy, and 
grades. If you 're typical , you read 150 to 350 words a minute But 
how do you get ahead of the rest? 

Evelyn Wood can triple your 
reading rate and improve your 
comprehension and study skills. 
f-tundreds of thousands of students Lise the Read ing Dynamics 
Method. They find reading less of a chore. Concentration and 
retention improve, which can lead to better grades. A compet i-
tive edge is important ... too important for you to delay 

Prove it to yourself today! 
Whether you ' re thinking of grad school or the job market, or if 
you want to keep up with course reading today, let Evelyn Wood 
Reading Dynamics give you a competiti ve edge. 
In fact Evelyn Wood guarantees that you will triple your reading 
rate If you follow the course correctly, or your full tuition 
refunded . That's our competiti ve edge . 

Attend a free 
Evelyn Wood Mini-Lesson" at: 

La Jolla 
La Jolla Village Inn 
3299 Holiday Ct. 
ta Jolla, CA 92037 

Last Week -
T9day and Tomorrow 

5:30 and 8:00 pm 

Evelyn Wood Aeadlng Dynamics. 
The Competitive Edge. 

• t 

by ~lalJ IUliell 

Imagine the campaign . 
Doesn't your heart flutter at the 
newcampaigncry: "Nixonwas 
the one in 1960, 1968 and 1972. 
He's an even bigger one in 
1980." 

Lest you think I'm mad, look 
around you. The country 's 
asleep these days. By 1980 we'll 
be catatonic, seven years of 
Ford and Carter enough to 
make Geritol boosters of us all . 
The simple truth of the matter 
is that we' re a people meant to 
ttate. 

Hating Gerald Ford was 
difficult. He might have been a 
little thick and clumsy, but so is 
your brother. Similarly, hating 
Jimmy Carter is difficult. He's 
Billy Carter's brother, you 
know. 

This has created unheard of 
difficulties for the Amerioan 
public. If you can't hate your 
president, who can you hate? 
Your car doesn't run - damn 
the president. Your girlfriend's 
unfaithful - damn the presi-
dent. You flunk your biology 
midterm - damn the presi-
dent. It was all so beautiful. 

But then Ford and Carter 
came along and damaged the 
collective psyches of America. 

If you think I'm wrong.about 
Nixon and Agnew in '80, then 
you haven ' t recognized two 
important factors: the media 
and nostalgia. 

Let's face it, the biggest news 
story of the Carter administra-
tion will be Amy's entering 
puberty. The media naturally is 
not thrilled about this. Rumor 
have it that Woodward and 
Bernstein are laying ground for 
Nixon's comeback with the 
whole Watergate crowd 
already on retainers . 

They yearn for the bes t-
sellers.. the movies, the glamor, 
the ... 

Which brings us to nostalgia. 
Don't we all miss the fun of 
hating the boss? Wasn't it fun 
hanging Johnson in effigy? Do 
you remember craving for 
Nixon's neck? You had the time 
of your life, right? 

Oh, play the music again. A 
little off-beat? Well- damn the 
president. Happy days will be 
here again . Won't it feel good? 

It comes down to this : 
Americans don't want a man to 
cure their irritability , they 
want a man who makes feeling 
irritable feel good. 

All is forgiven, Richard , 
Spiro. Welcome back to the oval 
office. 

And if this column isn ' t 
funny, well - damn th e 
president. 

-

XEROX 
COPIES 

2~~. 
minimum 

1101 ...... ..... 
231-1ln 

OPEN 7:30 • • nt. - 10 Ito-Salll"", au....,. ... 

XIRQX 
, '!IDe: E.cl'l 


