
-21 day ·care b ckers arrested 
White 500 watch, students taken to jail in handcuffs 

. I 

Day C.re C •• t.r par_t Mill. Gfttb ...... c .. w.lcom. Nck party for tile 21 
aRated .t .... t., wIIkh _M ...... laat Frid.y Bight. 

It W M a crowd.d aituation Friday aft.rnoon, a. the 21 .tude.nta _ere led 
through crowd into police truck. 

s 
l'«' SaD Dieg. 

Volume 34, Nuniber 11 MonM" ..., 15, 1171 

The tension built 

Guards surround 
McElroy's complex 

The arrest of 21 students 
Firday afternoon ended a 
three-day sit-in in Chancellor 
McElroy's office protesting the 
refusal of the Advisory 
Committee on Student Fee 
Programs to fund the UCSD 
Day Care Center. 

day that -he will post campus 
police officers throughout the 
Chancellor'S complex to bar 
anyone who did not have an 
appointment from entering the 
offices. 

What is was like inside 
About 100 protestors ha-d 

occupied McElroy's office 
since Wednesday morning , 
refusing to leave until ad~quate 
funding was provided for the 
center. 

Posting officers i n the 
complex is unprecedented in 
UCSD's history, McElroy said. 
He added that the officers 
would probably not be required 
for very long. 

by Eric Jaye 
Staff Writer 

It was getting hot inside the 
Chancellor's office. 

The journalists and photo-
graphers had been sticking 
their heads in the window and 
bothering the 75 demonstrators 

'all afternoon. Now, about 3 
o ' clock, there were some 
important decisions to make 
and the group decided to close 
the windows to shut out the 
press and the noise. But inside, 
even with the windows shut, it 
still wasn't that quiet. And it 
was getting hotter and harder 
to think. 

Since Wednesday morning 
when the demonstrators 
ar rived in Chancellor Mc-
Elroy ' s office to demand 
fu nding for on-campus day 
care, things had been friendly, 
even fun . Food was brought in 
and there was a TV set so the 
demonstrators could watch 
themselves on the news. During 
the day, people could come and 
go as long as they arrive back at 

• the office by five, when the 
doors were closed by the police. 

In the mornings, those who 
had spent the night would 

vacuum and clean the office. 
When a window was accidental-
ly broken, a repairman was 
called in and jt was lixed. On 
Thursday night, there ' was a 
movie and all during the three 
days the children could be seen, 
running through the office and 
enjoying themselves. Some of 
the kids painted pictures and 
everything was relaxed. 

About the police, the opinion 
seemed unanimous . "The 
police were great," said one 
demonstrator. " They did 
everything they could for us," 
said another. 

And then there was Friday 
afternoon. And things weren't 
quite so calm any more. 

About 11 o ' clock l"riday 
morning, the police had moved 
in with a little more force and 
had set guards at all the doors. 
Anyone could leave but nobody 
was allowed inside. 

Talk about arrests and who 
should go to jail started to fly 
around. The night before, ithad 
been decided that if and when 
the. police moved in , only 
twenty people would stay and 
get arrested. The rest, it was 

said, would be free to continue 
the struggle ... 

The county jail was a little 
closer now than it had been the 
night belore and some people 
weren 't quite so sure anymore. 
About thirty people, those who 

This story was written by 
A$sociate News Editor Reed 
Alpert . witb information 
compiled by bimself . Alan 
Russell and Eric Jaye. 

A crowd of supporters 
gathered outside McElroy ' s 
office, growing in size from 
about 50 at 3 pm to about 500 at 
the 5 pm deadline the adminis-
tration bad given the protestor 
to vaca te McElroy's office or be 
arrested. The crowd chan~, 

(Please turn to page 12) McElrov announced Satur- (Please turn to page 12) 

Commentar~ 
Day care now on offensive 

by Bill Pegler 
Special to tbe 'IT 

I had never been in jail before. I went last 
Friday as a result of Tex McElroy's uncaring 
attitude, as did 20 others . 

Bill Pegler, a sometime-staff writer for tbe 
Triton Times and a Revelle College senior. 
was arrested Friday as a day care protestor. 
Tbese are bis views on day care, the 
university and arrest. 

We did not go out of any sense of glory, nor 
did we go out of moral obligation. We needed 
to make a point. 

We peacefully conducted a sit-in waiting 
for our Chance.lIor to comply with previous 

obligations to us. He did not. 
He hovered about the other offices while we 

waited for him in his, yet he neither met with 
us nor with the Reg Fee Committee. We were 
told that we were trespassing on public 
property. That is how he dealt with us . That 
is how he listens to us. 

All of us. 
Be it South Africa, tenure, our libraries or 

the Day Care Center, the fact is that we are 
never listened to. In an educational system 
supposedly designed for student and public 
need, why are we never listened to? Where 
was the faculty ? Where were the 
administrators? Where was our Chancellor? 
Our campus is known as a " quiet campus" 
and this is no secret. If no opposition is made 

~ (Please turn to page 2) 

rc .. _McElroy· • • ffk . ... t W ....... ~ .. nia •. 

.. 



O~inlon 
In,1hvor of tax credits 
for private education 

by CIlarIes A. Vaaik 
Waahmaton, D.C. - Tbe ravages of inflation and spiralling 

education costs, aa every parent in America knows, bave now gone 
beyond tolerable limits. Tbe entire private educational system, 
whicb baa made a tremendous contribution to the diversity and 
intelligence of our national life, is imperilled by tbe astronomical 
tuition charges many American families, poor as well as afOuent, 
now must pay. 

Wbat can Congress do, botb to relieve the financial burden on 
bard-pressed families, and to ensure that private education 
continues to bear education burdens wbich otherwise would have 
to be passed on to the public school system? I am convinced a 
tuition tax credit is essential to assure the survival of our dual 
system of education - a system which has improved learning in 
both private and publiC'schools. 

Coneressman Vanlk represents suburban Cleveland In Conl1'es5. 
A member of the powerful Ways and Means Committee, be bas 
stronlly supported efforts to protect the environment and &0 
develop a comprehensive enerlY program. 

My proposal for a tuition tax credit would provide a $100 credit -
for up to 50 percent of tuition expenses in private elementary and 
secondary schools. It also would provide a $250 credit for up to 50 
percent of tuition expenses in private colleges. This program, 
when fully implemented, would provide middle and low-income 
families with crucial tax relief, and involve only a modest revenue 
los,oq of S1.~ billion. 

competItion is ' a unique part of the American system. The 
private school system complies with almost all of the standards 
and requirements of the public system, while also providing 
competition in educational quality and a stimulus for educational 
efficiency. In fact, the costs of the tuition tax credit would be more 
than outweighed by the benefits it would produce. A $100 tuition 
credit for each student in elementary and secondary education is 
matched with at least $1000 of supplemental private support. No 
tax incentive program in America can provide so great a benefit 
ratio in the tax credit expenditure. 

While there is uncertainty as to the Supreme Court reaction, I 
believe that tuition tax credits are firmly within our present 
tradition of using the federal tax system to encourage socially 
useful private endeavors - ranging from foundations to political 
parties - with tax relief. I see no difference between tuition 
credits for elementary and secondary schools as distinguished 
from colleges and universities. The tax code already is replete 
with different forms of tax credits, such as investment credits, 
pollution control credits) the jobs credit and the earned'income 
credit. 

As everyone knows, taxpayer support for public education is on 
the wane. I am convinced that hard-pressed families with children 
in school deserve at least equal consideration when Congress deals 

. with our tax system, if only because of the new support I believe it 
would win among taxpayers for our educational system as a 
whole. Many communities face school clOSings because of 
taxpayer resistance. As things stand now, those who pay private 
school tuition have very little incentive to support public 
education. The tuition credit, I believe, may strengthen their 
support for public education. This margin of support has now 
become critical, and it could become the deciding factor in the 
adequacy of public school support. 

America has made tremendous educational strides with a dual 
system - with both public and private education playing 
complementary, constructive and indispensible roles. The tuition 
credit should be enacted to continue the achievements of this 
system. It has my support not merely because financially-
strapped families deserve tax relief, and because private 
education is unlikely to survive in the long run without it, but also 
because a tax credit for private education will help America as a 
whole uphold educational levels at a time- when their decline 
shoulq be a cause of deep concern to us all . 

Day care offensive ... 
(Continued from page I) 
DOW to their disregard of our rights, there is little that will stop 
them later. 

Being brought up as a member of this fragmented society, I lean 
toward individualism in all of its glory and paranoia. Yet I got 

invol~d as did many others. For three days we shared 
experiences and thoughts for a common purpose. Everyone 
helped, regardless of the task. When things had to be cooked or 
cleaned or constructed or written, they were done. And the result 
is noticeable. 

Guards now patrol the Chancellor's complex. We are now on the 
offensive. 

Not bad for just students. 
And hf' ~rrested 21 of us. 
I was i'!l ~ail for six hours experiencing a system that is designed 

to strip one of everything that is human in the name of being 
innocent - before-proven-guilty - where the Law means getting a 
beating n the Rubber Room. Without people on the outside that 
can help you. you are swallowed up. Jail is nothing but paperwork 
and bein ~ 'hurtled from one cell to UI€: nex . If hey lose the papers 
they los(' ou. Who will know or care? Certainly not the police. 

Witho\ t he help of the group we may have been in jail longer 
(some of u did not get out until nearly 6 am) and frankly six hours 
was enoll . You don't know what it's like to be alone until you are 
tossed ir j 11. 

As a group we stressed non-violence and as a group we shared 
everything and learned to communicate and act for a common 
,oal. The feeling is incredible and I am glad I could help. We all 
helped. 

Look at what we are up against: 
We were in the office three times after 5 pm (trespassing, if you 

will) but it was the third time that got us arrested. The Law did not 
get us; it was our Chancellor telling the Law that we were in 
violation of it, when it suited him. 

Consider that . 
Join us. 

.. 0 ..... ', Mer 11, 1m 

Tuition tax credits: death knell 
of free public education system 

by James C.Corman 
Washington, D.C. - I oppose tuition tax 

credits not only because they could sound the 
death knell for our Anlerican system of free 
public education, and not merely because the 
tuition tax credit is inequitable, inefficient, 
complex and probably unconstitutional. 

Tuition tax credits also are a form of special 
interest legislation. They violate the three basic 
principles of sound tax policy on which the whole 
solvency of our government rests - equity, 
simplicity and effiCiency. , 

Let's take equity first. the principle that in our 
progressive tax system, taxes should be based 
on the ability to pay. Tuition tax credits are 
starkly regressive. They help the rich , while 
penalizing the middle classes and the poor for 
using public education. • 

The Congressional Budget Office estimates 
that the richest 9 percent of American families 
would recei ve nearly half the benefits ofthe $250 
tax credit. Families below the median income 
level - those hit hardest by inflation and 
unemployment - would receive only 18 percent 
of the benefits. 

Congressman Corman represents California's 
21st cODgressionai district, which includes Los 
An,eles' San Fernando Valley, as well as Nortb 
Hollywood. A member of the House Ways and 
Means Committee, be has supported federal 
financing of healtb care, and was Cbairman of 
tbe Democratic Congressional Campai,n 
Committee in the 1978 elections. 

In essence, the tuition tax credit would help only 
a special class of taxpayers - students and their 
parents . While soaring tuition are a serious 
problem the truth is that students and their 
parents already receive important tax 
preferences that cost billion every year. 
Parents of college students , for example, 
already can claim a $750 tax exemption for a 
child over the age of 18 if the child is full-time 
student and the parent provides half of the 
support. Students also mar. claim a $750 
personal exemption even whIle earning over 
$750 a year. Even beyond this double exemption 
- which already indirectly subsidizes higher 
private education - scholarships and forgiven 
portions of student loans may be excluded from 
taxable income. A business deducation also may 
be taken for education costs that are required by 
an employer. 

These tax expenditures, . along with direct 
federal aid to students, cost the Treasury $1.5 
billion in 1977 alone. Heaping tax tuition credits . 
on top of them would help a few but mean 
massive new tax problems for the country as a 
whole. 

Certainly our tax laws should encourage 
education. But if the goal of aid to education is to 
encourage more young people to go to college, 
then it is a mistake to offer the most inducement 
to upper income students. They already can 
easily afford college, with or without a ~ tax 
credit . For these fortunate , relatively few 
American families, the tuition tax credit 
becomes merely tax relief. Since families with 
children in college earn an avera,e of $4000 
more than all families with children from a,es 
18 to 24, a far better way to encourage education 
would be to lower tax rates for everyone,lnstead 
of helping just one speCial group. 

Supporters of the tuition tax credit claim that 
it Is much simpler than present grant and loan 
programs offered by the federal government. 

. Many people are under the illusion that it would 
require only an additional line on the income tax 
form . But anyone with experience in filing for 
any of the present tax credits could dispute this , 
. The child care credit, for example, requires a 
'completely separate form containing eleven 
lines in addition to an extra line on the 1040 I.R.S . 
tax statement. The retirement income credit 
was simplified in 1976 because many eligible 
taxpayers found it too complex to use, but a ten-
line form still must be completed in order to 
qualify. · 

Since most versions of the credit require 
education grants to be taken into account in 
determining net tuition costs , and since a 
certain attendance standard usually must be 
met, there is no doubt that application for the 
credit would be complex, and that the 
paperwork involved in applying for tuition tax 
credits would add monumentally to 
bureaucratic problems American taxpayers 
already face . 

Furthermore, if income limits are applied as 
some have suggested, the complexity would 
increase even more . Perhaps the greatest 
drawback lies in adding more functions to. the 
already over-burdene<l Internal Revenue 
Service. In addition to all its other duties, the 
IRS would be obliged to monitor a new and 
highly cumbersome educational program. 

Another problem with an across-the-board 
tax credit is that it is so very inefficient. While 
.helping those who need help least, tax credits 
are impossible to target in order to help 
struggling families with children in school who 
need help the most. This is because the benefits 
of the credit are available to taxpayers without 
regard to income, size of family, or costs of 
.students' education. As a Tresury witness 
recently noted before the Ways and Means 
Committee. a family with an income of $10,000 
and college expenses of $5,000 would receive the 
same amount of relief as a family with $50\000 in 
income and $500 in student costs. 

The tuition tax credit is also very expensive. A 
$250 credit for college students alone w~uld cost 
nearly $2 billion annually in lost federal 
revenues when fully effective. If elementary 
and secondary school expenses were added, the 
cost would be another $850 million. The federal 
government would wind up supplyin.g 
considerable more aid to private education that 
it gives our public schools, which now receive 
from $125 to $145 per student. The Packwood-
Moynihan bill which offers a $500 credit for 
elementary through college expenses would 
cost an additional $5.3 billion annually when 
fully effective. This is a great deal of money and 
it would either have to be made up by raising tax 
rates for everyone, or throu,h increased 
borrowing by the federal government. Thi' in 
tum would mean more inflation, even bilPf 
deficits for the whole country. 

Our federal deficit for this fiscal year will 
swell to $ILl billion, and the national debt wUl 
measure a staBering $785 billion by the end of 
this year even without tuition tax credits. New 
tax expenditures from $2 to t5 billion more 
would significantly increase the debt. What is 
more, mucb of the lost revenue would repreaent 
'a needless giveaway to many who do not need 
financial help at all .. 

All of these argumentl against tuition tax 
c redits are important, but most important of all 
is the overridmg question of constItutionality, 
especially if the credit is granted for non-DUbUc 

. (Please turn to page 3) 

MondQ, ... , 11, 117 • 
-_._-_.- triton times 

Opl~lon 
Commentar~ 

$30,000 for campus media,? 
by Dave Ellen 

If given the opportunity., would 
you vote to spend 530,000 of student 
money to to pay for campus media . 
eXCluding the Triton Times? 

I doubt it . 
In that light. it might be 

beneficial for the new AS Commis-
sioner of Communications to solicit 
a whole lot of opinion before seeking 
as much money as I sought and 
received for campus communica-
tions this year, 

It might be beneficial for him to 
find out exactly what students 
voted him in to office to do: act as 
an advocate for student media, or 
as a trustee of student money? 
Dave Eisen was the 1976-77 
Executi ve Editor of the Triton 
Ti mes and 1977-78 ASUCSD 
Commissioner of Communications. 

Among -the major accomplish-
ments of this office in 1977-78 was 
the sufficient funding for radio 
station KSDT to be heard in most of 
the dorms, and newspapers new 
in dicator, Voz Fronteriza. 
L'Chaylm, Politjournal , Helicon 
and lately, Free Triton and 
People's Voice. For the most part. 
these organizations had little to 
worry about, financially. 

But is that what most of the 
students want? 

It has been, for the most part. a 
good year for campus media. A 
modern, easy-to·use typesetter was 
purchased despite administration 
disapproval and this has been a 
progresive, money-saving step in 
the opinions of most everyone. All 
campus papers do their layout and 
pasteup in the Media Center, a 
facility which is available to all 
organizations, 
The Triton Times will complete its 
first year of financial independence 
from student funding sources , 
which contributed $25 ,000 just two 
years ago. This has made much 
more funding available to other 
organizations. 

On the other hand . a large 
drawback still exists . I found it 
more expedient to make decisions 
on my own, but it is clear that some 
kind of Communications Board is 
necessary . Late last quarter a 
Co mmunications Board Task 
Force solicited the opinions of 
many campus experts . and I will 

forward these opinions and a set of 
recommenda tions to the new 
commissioner. 

The biggest question facing the 
new commissioner is, however, 
after a full year of the most 
expansive media in the school's 
history, are the students happy? We 
assumed that students wanted to 
pay for papers with Chicano, black. 
Jewish, radical and conservative 
leanings. I now tend to think that it 
was an incorrect assumption , 

Some of my other feelings after a 
year in the AS are: 

- KSDT has broken a series of 
promises withihe AS, and should be 
investigated thoroughly before 
given more funding. About $9,000 
was put into the station , and it has 
only been in the last two weeks tllat 
the station can be heard in the 
Revelle, Warren and Muir Dorms (excluding the apartments) . Much. 
much more money will have to be 
invested in order for more 
reception. A decision must be made 
now whether the investigation 
should continue. . 

- The media must pay some of its 
own expenses . Four years of 
communications on this campus 
have proven to me that it is 
ridiculous for the papers to 
continue to expect students to foot a 
growing bill eve!"y' year. If they do 
not want to sell advertising, other 
fund raising techniques are 
available. Neither the students nor 
the student government " owe" 
campus media anything. 

- There must be a Communica-
tions Board , made up both of 
students and outside media 
experts, in order to provide the 
needed journalistic leadership and 

Tax credlt. .. 
(Continued (rom page 2) 
elementary a nd secondary 
schools. When President John 
F. Kennedy presented a 
program calling for the most 
comprehensive aid to educa-
tion in the nation's history, he 
noted that no aid for parochial 
education was contemplated 
" in accordance with the clear 
prohi bition of the Constitu-
tion. " 

p --------------------------~ : EARN $3.50/hour . 
: Full or part-time work to distribute the 1978 
: Zip Code Directories in your own area. 
I *Flexible hours around school schedule 
: *Work at your own pace 
: ·Summer openings available now 
L ________ CJ»~Z~'11Q ________ • 

training. 
- It's rather difficult to De an 

effective commissioner and 
effective AS Council member at the 
same time. I put more emphasis on 
the latter, because I (ound It more 
important and interesting, at one 
point for instance, to serve on the 
Activity Fee Board than order 
chemica ls for the typesetter. I 
would advocate that commis-
sioners be made separate from the 
council. 

SlOP ScralChing Around 
Records are too 

t expensive to ruinl 
Come in to our Needle 

Clinic May 17 and have 
your old needle checked. 

May 17 a Pfanstiehl representative will be at the 
bookstore to inspect your old diamond needles 
under a microscope and advise you on any 
problems or questions you may have. 

nladla Dau SDIClal 
While you 're in, check our full line 
of pfanstiehl electronic accessories 
including tape cleaning kits, cassette 
mailing cartons, indoor antennas, 
diamond needles, all priced to 
fit your budget. 

on All 
Diamond 
Needles 

Besides saving money on your new 
needle, you're saving your records! 

\0 (,o",e 

The University Bookstore 

See you 'on May 17 

THE NEW AS 
Now that you've elected' them, 
How 'bout supporting them! 

Applications now accepted for ALL committee positions 
• Lobby Annex Director • Activity Fee ~oard 
• Student Center Board • Reg Fee Comrnittee 
• Communications Board • Parking Advisory Committee 
• Academic Affairs • Board of Overseer 
• Advisory Committees • AND MUCH, MUCH MORE! 

Applications av'ailable at AS office in the Student Center 
DEADLINE MAY 26 

. 



• o • 

..... 

QI Invitation To The 
Chateau, Di rected by Jenni fer 
Parent (May 25. 27, 31 and June 2) 

Q Dream Play. Directed by 
Peter Hackett (May 26.28 and June. 11 31 

ruCK) ~heatre 
~:()()PID 

TICKETS: $2.00 students, $3.00 general, 
available at UCSD Theatre Ticket 
Office, weekd , Noon - 4:00 pm. 

.. .,,. ;1 ... it 
trttan times MoncMy, _ 11,1171 

Sports 
Triton netters advance 
In NCAA championships 

by Sieve Goald 
Spor1I Editor 

Five members of UCSD's 
men's tennis team advanced to 
the NCAA Division III champ-
ionshps as the Tritons finished 
second in the NAIA District III 
tournament this past weekend 
at Redlands University. 

UCSD again chased defend-
ing titlist Redlands for the team 
championship (the Tritons 
finished behind Redlands in 
last year's tourney) as the 
doubles pair of Paul Metsch 
and Jon Gerdsen captured the 
school's first ever individual 
title. 

Redlands totaled 39 points 
and UCSD had 28 for the two 
day event while the remaining 
eleven competing schools 
finished far behind. Point Lorna 
College finished third with 19, 
Cal State Dominguez Hills 13, 
Occidental 12 and Whittier 9 to 
round out the top six schools. 

Easy wins 
Metsch and Gerdsen easily 

defeated Redland 's Hadi 
Rahimi and Mark Tappan (the 
tourney's top seeded doubles 
duo) 6-1, 6-1 in the finals . The 
Triton pair also knocked off 
another Rediands ' l doubles 
team (Miller and Gonzales) 6-2, 
3-0 and 6-4 in the semifinals. In 
the quarterfinals, Metsch and Jo. G ......... t. tile ...... -
Gerdsen eliminated Tom Hills doubles title (the first time ever 
and Mark Tennis of Point Lorna a UCSD player made it to the 
7-5, 6-2 in the quarterfinals. individual finals in the District 

With the victory, Metsch and III meet), four players from the 
Gerdsen also qualified for the school are eligible for this 
NAIA championships next Wednesday's NcAA Division 

. month but the pair will III Championships in Dele-
probably not compete because ware, Ohio. 
of a conflict with final Triton coach Tad Yamaguchi 
exami.nations. will send five of his players to 

In sm.gl~s play. Gerds.en lost Ohio; two doubles teams and 
toTenD1smthequ~rter~mals4- our singles competitors . ?, 6-1 and 7-5~ndBIl1 {Iemmade ' Metsch/Gerdsen and Heinl 
It to the semis w~ere he ~ell. to Jack Broudy will compete in 
the .ev.entual Singles bUlst doubles and Metsch, Gerdsen, 
Rahlml 6-1, 7-5. Hein and Joe Rosenberg will 

On to 'he NCAAs vie in singles. 

year, Yamaguchi noted , 
Claremont Harvey -Mudd 
fintshed second in the Division 
III Championships and this 
season their team is stronger. 
UCSD handily bested Clare-
mont in a dual match earlier 
this season, 8-1. 

Yamaguchi stated the 
District III is "probably the 
toughest in the United States 
and all three of the schools (rom 
our district (UCSD, Redlands 
and Claremont) have a good 
shot at the title." 

Wow! Montezuma Snowblasf with ...... _.r-_ 
Even though he is not that 

familiar with the NCAA 
Division III schools, Yama-
guchi feels his team's "person-
nel is comparable with the 

Draws for the Division III 
meet will be held tomorrow 
morning in Ohio and Yama-
guchi will be there for the 
pairings . The five Triton 
competitors will travel to Ohio 
later tomorrow afternoon. Cools off the gang. 

Over ice or snow add 11/2 OZ. of Montezuma 
Tequila, to delicious Fresca.lt's a chiller! 

1978. 80 proof Berton Oistllle~ Import Co .• New York. N.V. 

other schools in the meet." Last 

This week i~ sports 
Wed. May 17-20 

Thurs. May 18-20 

Sat. May 20 

Ihn', Tenn', in NCAA Divison All Day 
Championships in Deleware, Ohio 

Women'. Soft.,... in All-Cal Tourna- All Day 
ment in Santa Barbara . 

Ihn', and Women" Rowing in 8 am 
Western Sprint Championships 
in Seattle 

Sat. May 20-21 Women'. Soccer In Round III 10 am 
ChamplonShip~~at Robb Field 

rr·· .... ··-·~ ....... ··-··'··-··-' .... "*-·l · 
iCOMMUNITYi 
.(BLOOD BANKl 
. ( 9831ndle i 
f 327 F Stred i 
~ PAYS DONORS f ~ .tor Service :,~ 
l IIton .. Fri . l 233-5481 / 
, 234·4601 : 
.... -....-., .. -......... -............... ~~ .. ~.,. 

"And the glory of the Lord shall 
be revealed, and all nesh shall see 
it tOJCther; fo~ the mouth of 
the Lord hath spolten it." Isaiah . 

Christian Science Is baed on the 
Bible and Selence end Hellhh 
with Key 10 the Scriptures by 
Mary aeker E ddy. Cam pus 
Coul1Mlon at UCSD are Paul 
and Anne Homund. Call 4SJ. 
Sll7 ror en appoinlment or 
telep'hone visit. 

• 

triton times 

What bve tIM rai_ wrought? avenued pet"ole ia overflow parld.g add •• _ perile 10 the 
Already diffie.1t t_k of getti.g a parki.g .pac:e. The pet"ole. t"ere for mo.t .... c:o.ti.ae. to 
grow. 

Revision of housing· plan rejected 
May Co. proposal to be appealed to City Council 

by John Hondros 
Staff Writer 

The City Planning Commis-
sion voted recently to reject an 
amendment proposed by May 
Co. Stores to make ·revisions in 
plans for student-oriented 
housing at the La Jolla Village 
Specialty Center, according to 
UCS D Campus Architect 
Charles Powers. 

May Co. plans to make an 
appeal to the City Council, said 
Powers . 

The changes May Co. pro-
posed in the housing plans 
would have included reduction 
of square footage by 17 percent, 
changing of site plans to the 
southwest corner of the center 
and conversion of 75 two-
bedroom units into 115 one-
bedroom units plus a two-
bedroom unit for the manager. 

The Planning Commission 
vote d 3-2 in favor of the 
proposed amendment, but four 
votes were needed to pass the 
amendment and it was turned 
down. 

Village Drive, bordering 
Gilman Drive. 

The residential units were 
planned originally to be sold as 
student housing , said Powers. 
He said the plans were 
obviously changed to reduce 
the cost for the developers. The 
revision of housinR olans would 

mean an increase in cost for the 
student residents , Powers 
added. 

Objections to the proposed 
amendment were that the 
reduction in square fOOtage 
would be too great, the site 
Dlans are Door and one-
bedroom unitS" are inappro-
priate. 

UCSD profs elected to AAAS 
Two UCSD faculty members are among 107 scholars from 

throughout the United States elected to membership in the 
American Academy of Arts and Sciences. 

They are Dr. Warren L. Butler, professor of biology and Dr. 
Diego Catalan, professor of Spanish literature. In addition, Dr. 
Floyd E. Bloom, research professor at trie Salk Institute for 
Biological Studies and adjunct professor of neurosciences at 
UCSD was also elected to the academy. 

UCSD currently has a total of 52 members in the American 
Academy of Art and Sciences. The Academy is a national 
honorary society of some 2,000 members including noted 
mathematicians, physical and biological scientists, members of 
the legal profession, social scientists, artists and humanists and 
those in public affairs. theology and administration. 

Butler was the recipient of the Charles F . Kettering Research 
A ward in 1963 to pursue research on photosynthesis for an 
indefinite period. He was elected to membership in the National 
Academy of Sciences in 1976 and is also a mem ber of the American 
Chemical SoCiety, \he American Society of Plant Physiologists 

ECONOMICS MAJORS-
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY 

Would you 'ike a 
business 0/ your own? 

You don't need an office to start 
. 67 . 
. ~ ~~ ~ ¢' 
~ ~ ~6--b 

. r. }, (,.;1 

Full or part time 

No obligation-
Call Mary Ann at 744-9138, 

or John at 753-0207 
COMEONOVER&TALKI 

The Warren College Commuter Board 
presents 

A Faculty-Stadent WiDe and Cheese Party 
Faculty and Administrators who will attend: 

Provost Lea Rudee Gary Marx - Sociology 
Dean Gary Frost Herbert Stern - Biology 
Susan Shirk - Political Science Doug Magde - Chemistry 
Sam Popkin - Political Science 

When: Tuesday May 16 
Time: 7:30-10:00 

Where: call Ross Schwartz: 453-9549 
Dirk Semerdjian: 270-3798 
Bill Meyer: 452-3987 

or viSIt the Warren Provost Office to find out! 
ALL OF WARREN COLLEGE IS INVITED TO ATTEND! 

Powers said the University 
Community Planning Group 
and the UCSD Campus Com-
munity Planning Committee 
were opposed to the developers ' 
changes in plans for the 
university-oriented housing , 
which is a part of the May 
Stores Shopping Center 
proj ect. The center will be 
located west of 1-5 off of La Jolla 

and the American Institute of Biological Sciences. 
Catalan, a renowned hispaniC scholar, is the fourth member of ~~~~~±!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

the UCSD Department of Literature to'be elected to the Academy. 
He joined the UCSD faculty in 1971 after serving as prpfessor of 
Spanish at UC Berkeley for two years and the University of 
Wisconsin for five years. During the 1970-71 academic year he 

Howtoftnd 
a summer job. 
Ta lk to Manpower. 

We've got summer job 
opportunities for office 
temporaries. Typists. stenos, 
receptionists. and more. 

Work as much as you 
want. Or as little. It's up 
to you. 

There's a Manpower office 
almost anywhere you' re 

~p nding th summer. Stop 
tn and we' II plan a job 
sch dule for you. 

came to the San Diego campus as a visiting professor. 
Now the IliaD 
who's ... 
done the 
lis is 
doingal the 
talkiug. 

A fascinating, panoramic 
story of his- and our- times. 
A uni';lue portrait of America 
by the author of Hard Times. 
Hfrii.lg and Diui.sUm Sin!Ri: 
A~Yl. 

"A rich crazy-quih of a 
book" 

n Francisco Chnmicle 

Now.,~from 
KETBOOK 



,.... 

Mo day 
1-, am: Center of UCSD provides a settina for silent sitting 

meditation. provided, if desired. Call 755-5995 for 
iDfonnation. Zen Meditation office, Student Center. 

'7 am: to vote for the Muir CoUeae Council and Program Board 
Chair Tuesday and Wednesday 10: 110-2: 00 in the Muir Commons. 
..... pm: WritinJ Clinic - Help with course papen. For appointment call 

452-2522. 1254 HI.. Free. 
0 ,.. 18 am-5 pm: Pale One is the fint place to turn to for info and rap. 

Located iD Muir Commons, next to 5 &. Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
11-11:. am: Progressive Coalition Office is open. We're in the Student 

Center, 2nd floor, behind the Travel Office. Come in and talk. 
12 IIOOD-l pm: Meditation CenterofUCSD provides a setting for silent sitting 

meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-5995 for 
infonnation. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student Center. 

12-1 PfI!! Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
lZ-Z pm. 4-4 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
lZ-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - free walk-in tutoring help for lower 

division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Revelle: What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences 

Major Do For You? Michael Huifachor, the H&'SS Career Advisor will be 
available to discuss options. Please call452~349O. Revelle Provost Office. 

. ' 

A Weekly Guide to 

Wednesday T.hurs 
6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting (or silent sitting 6-7 am: Meditation Center of 

meditation. Free . Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-5995 for meditation . Free. Instrll('tir>n 
information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student Center. information. Location: 

9 am·S pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appointment; I 9-11: 30 am: The UCSD CO lnnl!Ct~ 
call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free. personal skills and motivation 

10: IIO-Z: 00: Last day to vote for Program Board Chair and Muir College Sign up at Career Planning or 

. triton times 

5/15-5/21 
Campus Events -

a settiDl! for silent siltin .. 
if desired. Call 755-5995 for 
, Student Center. 

World: Find out how your 
employed in hundreds of jobs. 
. Location: The Outback Cafe, 

Friday 
6-1. am: Meditation Center .of UCSD provides a setting for silent Sitting 
~edltat~on . Free. InstructIOn provided, if desired. Call 755-5995 for 
InformatIOn. Loc.a~lOn : ~t;n Meditation office, Student Center. 

9 am-5 pm: W rltmg ~lImc - Help with course papers. For appointment call 
452-2522 . 1254 HL. Free. 

4 pm: Biochemistry Seminar, Professor Bertil Hille, Department of 
Physiology and Biophysics, University of Washington School of Medicine. 
Title: "Ionic Channels: Molecular Unit of Membrane Excitability." 1105 
Garren Auditorium BSB. Host: Jack Kyle, x3281. Preseminar refreshments 
immediately preceding the seminar. 

Council members. Vote to sellect Muir College leaders for 1978-79. Location: Warren. 
Muir Commons. 9 am-5 pm: W riling Clinic - "<~_urs:e 

. 10-11 am ~r 11 a,m-12 ~oon: Revelle:. Wh~tCan You DoWith Your Major? An 
mfor.mal d~Scusslon With. Math, Eng.IneerIng and Physical Sciences advisor 
MaXIne Bailey about vanous career ISsues. Location: Revelle ProvostOfCice. 

4-5 pm: Karate. West Balcony. 
4 .. pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Class. Contact Physical Education 

Office for info - 452-4032 . Location: South Balcony of the Main Gym. 
4 .. pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
5-5:45 pm: Conditioning Workshop in Wrestling Room. 
5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
5: 30-7 pm: Belly Dance. West Balcony. 
6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. International Center. 
Open 1-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located 

in Muir Commons, next to 5 &. Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
7:30 pm: Free Film! "Gervaise," based on Zola's novel L'Assommolr-

awarded Best Foreign Picture by N. Y. Film Critics and British Film Festival. 
Everyone welcome. APM 2313. Free. 

8-11 pm: Associated Students Free Movie - "Frankenstein." TLH 107. 
Free. 

8-11 pm: Israeli Folk Dancing. Instruction 8-9 pm, free dancil}g 9-11 pm. Rec 
Gym Conference Room. Free. 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for 
students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and 
activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 452-3092 (evenings) for 
updated program information. 711 Warren Campus. Free. 

9-11: 30 pm: Job HuntingTactics Workshop - a workshop where you' ll learn 
the fundamentals of the job hunting, including resume writing and job 
interview practice. Be there . Vice-chancellor's Conference Room, Building 
B, Student Center Complex . 

Tuesday 

Open 10 am-S pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free. 
Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 &. Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 10-11 am or 11 am-12 noon: 

10-11 am or 11 am·t! noon: What Can You Do With Your Major? An informal informal discussion with 
discussion with Math, Engineering and Physical Sciences advisor Maxine Maxine Bailey about various 
Bailey about various ca reer issues. Location: Career Planning and Open 10 am-5 pm: Page 
Placement, Bldg. B, Student Center Complex. Located in Muir Commons, 

Noon: UCSD Single Parents Group meets Wednesday from noon to 1 pm in 11 am-t pm: Help free a 
Revelle Infonnal Lounge to discuss topics such as "38 going on 17", sexuality, Stop by the Revelle Commu 
children in transition, letting go of the past, the dating game and single prisoners in South Korea, the 
parenting. Bring a sack lunch and join the interaction. All faculty, staff, everything but 5 minutes of your 
students and community single parents are welcome. UCSD. Free. 

12 noon: AMES 205, Seminar No. 4, Film Series. Film: " The Beach - A Noon: Noon Concert. Recital 
River of Sand." 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 12 noon-I pm: Meditation 

12 noon: Hugh Pates, UCSD counseling psychologist, will lead a discussion meditation . Free . Instru 
on " Effective Use and Abuse of Emotions" at the noon discussion of UCSD information. Location: Zen 
Single Parents Group in Revelle Informal Lounge on campus. Bring a sack Noon-I pm: Meet UCSD 
lunch and join the discussion from Noon-l pm. All faculty , staff, students and Sandra Drake, Literature 
community single parents are welcome. Bring a sack lunch. U1, __ ~_. 

12 noon-I pm: Meditation Center ofUCSD provides a setting for silent sitting 12 noon-I pm: .Dr. E<llm~mch-
meditation . Free. Instruction provided, if desired . Call 755-5995 for about his research 
information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student Center. Community Center. 

12 noon-l pm: Noon Concert: Revelle Plaza featuring Lioyd Thacker. Free. Faculty Noon Seminar Series 
12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. Community Center (lower BI 
12 noon-I pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informationaldiscussion: 12-2 pm. 4-6 pm: Gymna 

all must attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary , located in 12-2 pm: Conditioning. 
conference room, at Student Health Center. 12-4 pm: . . 

12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. division biology and 
12 noon-2. pm: "Choosing a Major". Attention all undeclared majors. 1: 30 pm: Special Seminars, 

facu lty adVisors from each depa rtment will be represented. Stop and talk to Professor Wen Sheng-Chang, 
advisors and pick up handouts. College Academic advisors will be there too. the Visiting Chinese Marine 
Revelle Plaza . Spectrum Derived from Its 

12-4 pm: Biology·Chemistry Clinic - Free walk·in tutoring help for lower Fa·Hsi , Amoy University, 
division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. Analysis of Mechanism of 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Warren: What Can Your Humanities or Social Science Region ." Sumner Audi 
Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor, the H&'SS Career Advisor will be 2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: T 
available to discuss options. Location: Warren Provost Office. Major Do For You? IVllcn,ael 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent sitting 2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What Can You Do With Your Major? An informal available to discuss options. 
meditation . Free. Instruction provided , if desired . Call 755-5995 for discussion with Math, Engineering and Physical Sciences advisor Maxine 13 . 
information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student Center. Bailey about about various career issues. Location: Muir Apts. Lounge. 2-4: 30 pm: Grantsmanship W 

9 am.5 pm: Writing Clinic _ Help with course papers. For appointment call 3~ pm: Test An~iety Reduction Workshop- for students experiencing high People. Urban/Rural Studies 
452.2522. 1254 HL . Free. anxiety m test takmg SituatIOns. Purpose of the workshop is to use stress and techniques used in grant 

10-2: ERA table 'at Revelle Plaza. Please come and give your support. anxiety productively. Self-hypnosis will be taught during the workshop. and obtaining funding , reso 
10: 00-2: 00: Vote for the Muir College Council and Program Board Chair Facilitators: Hugh Pates and Mike Henry . Location: Revelle Counselor's most proposals. Personnel 

today and tomorrow. A dozen 'people running for four positions. Come and Office. Free Call Yolanda at x3490 to sign up. Housing and Urban Dpvpllnnm.,nl 
vote. Muir Commons. 4 pm: Marine Chemistry Seminar, Scripps Institution ,of Oceanography. Consortium will 

Open 10 amoS pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Speaker: Dr. Richard Eppley, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. Subject: attend. Sign up Warren 
Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. " Nutrients and Phytoplankton in the Southern California Bight." 307 Refreshments will be served. 

lI-ll: 30 am: Progressive Coalition 0 !fice hour. See Monday at 11 am for Vaughan Aquar-M useum. Free. . l: 30-5 pm: Graduate 
location. Talk about the university, how to change it, student resources, 4 'pm: .Organiclln?rganic Seminar. Professor Kevin Smith, University of focus on interpersonal and 
whatever. Callforma, DaVIS. Title' " Metalloporphyrin Chemistry. " TLH 104 . Host: Al facilitators. For additional 

12 noon-l pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational discussion; Berzinis, x4865 . x3585 . 2105 Humanities & S 
all must attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located in 4 pm: UCSD New Poetry Series Reading: Michael McClure reads his 4-4: 30 pm: Progressive Coali 
conference room at Student Health Center. poetry . Revelle Formal Lounge. We can work to change it. We're 

12 noon-I pm: Meditation CenterofUCSD provides a setting for silent sitting 4-5 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. ConI. Room . Travel Office. 
meditation . Free . Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-5995 for 4-5 pm: Karate. West Balcony. 4-5 pm: Karate . North Ba 
information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student Center. 4-5 pm: Health Experience Leaming Program - National Health 4-6 pm: Yoga . Adaptive R 

12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. Insurance meeting. H&SS 1305. 6 pm: Advanced Bicycle Ma 
12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for lower 4-6 pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Class. Contact Physical Education rider/ mechanic - fix your 

division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. Office for info - 452-4032 . Location: South Balcony of the Main Gym. 6-9 pm: Biology·Chem 
12: 30-2 pm: Sex Clinic. For individuals or couples seeking information or 5 pm: Jazz Dance. West Balcony. division biology and r""mll~rr'V 

counseling about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates, facilitator . Call Yolanda at 5-5:45 pm: Conditioning Workshop. Wrestling Room. 7 pm: Surf Club 
x3490 for information and to sign up. Revelle Counseling Office, at Revelle 5~ pm: Let's talk law. Ann Parode 0 .A. talks about women 's perspective on 7-9 pm: Juggling. Rec. 
Provost's Office. law and alternative law careers. International Center. 7-10 pm: Fencing. West "~I'nM'" 

2.3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences 5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. Open 7-10 pm: Page One is 
Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&'SS Career Advisor will be 6 pm: Bicy~le Maintenance Class. Free. Fix your own wheels, gears, in Muir Commons, next to 5 &. 
available to discuss options. Please call 452-3587. Muir Apts . Lounge. brakes, etc. Bike Shop, the Student Center. 7: 15-9 pm: Documentary Films 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: What Can You Do With Your Major? An informal 6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. International Center. Rosenberg." TLH 104. Sponsored 
discussion with Math, Engineering and Physical Sciences advisor Maxine 6-10 pm: Ballroom Dance. Rec.Conf. Room. 8 pm: California·Pacific 
Bailey about various career issues. Call 452-4390. Third Provost Office. 7 pm: Movie: " Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds" for One, save 50% or$1.75 . "L~luell" 

4 pm: Chemical Physics Seminar. Professor G. La Mar. Department of USB 2622 . Admission $1.00. Sponsored by the Women 's Center. Dead!" California·Pacific T 
Chemistry , University of California, Davis. 2622 Undergraduate Sciences Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located Rush rate where 2 students clim 
Building. Postseminar refreshments _ Urey Hall . in Muir Commons, next to 5 &. Dime. Phone: 452-2167 . of $7.00. No reservations will be 

4.5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 7:.30 pm: " The Battle for the Bible," by Campus Pastor John Huber, in first served basis. Tickets go 
6 pm: Union of Jewish Students planning meeting. Come plan your serIes on " What Christians Believe." University·CommunityChurch 9595La (Students must show 1.0. cards 

activities with the remnants of the old gang, and be a new face . Student Jolla Shores Drive. ' 8 pm: Geological Sciences 
Organizatio,>s meeting room. 8 pm:12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for Speaker: Dr. Jacqueline M 

6 pm: Yom aa Shoa - tree planting. Short Service. In front of the Student students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments and Subject: .. Evidence for two fossi l 
Center. I activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 452-3092 (evenings) [or IGPP Conference Room . Free. 

6 pm: WorMn's Center general meeting. Come and meet some interesting updated program information . 711 Warren Campus. Free. 8 pm·lll midnight: The Outback 
people. Ne" members always welcome. Women's Center, Student Center 8: 30-10: 30 pm: Ray Arkin and Glenn Rankin, guitarists, singers and students which offers 
Complex. songwriters, perfor~ at the Outback Cafe. 711 Warren College. Free. activities that encourage 

6: 30 pm: MuirOuting r.lub meeting. Orienteering Games: An excellent way 8: 30-11: 00 : The Side ~oor presents Jeff Proctor playing the music of Cat program information . 711 Wa 
to learn and ;>ractice the use of maps and tlte .:ompas . Rec. Gym Conference S~evens and other folk sIngers. Coffee, donuts, camaraderie and more. At the 8: 30-11: 00 pIT': Live music 
Room. • Side Door, .Revelle. Side Door. Take a break and 

Open 7-10 lilt: Page One is the first place to turn to (or info and rap. Located ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~IO: 30 IC~~~~~~~~ in Muir Commons, next to 5 &. Dime. Phone: 452-2167. ;;; 
7: 30 pm: Weekly meeting of Trident Christian Fellowship. Everyone 

welcome. R !Velie Formal Lounge. 
7:30-10 pm: Preventive Medicine Seminar Series - Guest lectures: Dr. 

Thomas RUllk and Dr. Randolf A. Reed. HL Auditorium. Free. Sponsored by 
As ocation of Medical Arts and Sciences. 

8 pm: Scripps Institute of Oceanography lecture by Dr. Theordore H. 
Bullock, Professor of Neurosclences, UCSD Medical School. Topic: " [nsight 
into Man's Brain and Behavior from Studies of Life in the Sea ." Sherwood 
Hall, 700 Prospect, La Jolla . 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for 
students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments , and 
activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 452-3092 (eveings) for 
updated program information. 711 Warren Campus. Free. 

K. Wally Koalumn 
-K. Wally will not be printed thl, week because he 
was arrested last Friday while protesting lack of 
funding for UCSD day care. 

nYouDoWithYourMajor? An 
Physical Sciences advisor 

Provost Office. 
to turn to for info and rap. 

452-2167 . 
join our Amnesty Action . 

'write a letter concerning 
El Salvador. We supply 

by Amnesty International 

ides a setting for silent sitting 
if desired. Call 755-5995 for 
Student Center. 

an informal setting. TodaYDr. 
i1able for questionS/discussions. 

of Psychology will talk 
lunch session in the Revelle 

be provided . Part of on'going 
Program Board. Revelle 

Humanities or Social Sciences 
H&SS Career Advisor will be. 

. Location: Bldg. 412, Room 

e Third College's Center for the 
. hosts a workshop on the 
the pro~ess involve~ in 10car" 19 
and crIterIa used ID reviey .. l1g 

the Department of 
onal EmplOyment Training 
All students are invited to 

the Chancellor'S Complex. 
College's Center forthe People. 
group for graduate students will 
Dan Munoz and Susan Hauer, 
. to sign up call Dan Munoz at 

. Talk about the university . 
Center, 2nd floor, 'l>ehind the 

For the slightly skilled bike 
the Student Center. Free. 
in tutorin g help for lower 

4010 . 

turn to for info and rap. Located 
452-2167 
uiet Deiah of Julius and Ethel 

for World Democracy. 
. . Your Cat is Dead!" Two 

the fun of"P.S . YourCatis 
. a special stand·by Student 
Ice of 1. $3 .50 admitS2 instead 

wiU be sold on a first come, 
flight of the performance. 

purchase.) 
InSti.tution of Oceanography. 
Ins.tltution ofOceanograrhy. 

In the Southeast Pacific." 

Ie gathering pace for 
of refrcshmer,ts and 

(evenings) for updated 

I. 

Open I~ am.? pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 
Located m MUir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

10: 15 am: Ice Skating. Ice Capades Chalet. 
.. 12 noon: Biochemis~ry Seminar. Dr. John Griffin, Scripps Clinic. Title: 

~o!ecula~ Mechan~sms of Contact Activation of Blood Coagulation 
Flbrlno.lyslS, and KInin-Generation ." Host: Edward Dennis x3055 . 
Presemmar refreshments, .11 : 45 am. ' 

12 ~oon:1 pm: Meditation Ce~ter ofUCSD provides a setting for silent sitting 
medltatI.on . Free : Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-5995 for 
Information. L~atlOn: Zen Meditation office. Student Center. 

12'.1. p~: Weight Maintenance Group. This group will use a behavior 
modification lI'pproach toward maintaining desired weight. It will include re-
learnmg of eatl~g patterns ,. and behaviors associated with food and eating will 
be taught. SharIng of solUtions, group ~roblem-solving and discussion will go 
on. 412 Warren Campus. Call x3755. Diane Evans, facilitator . 

12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12~ pm: ~iology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for lower 
diVISIOn biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 

12: 05 pm: Marine. Biology Seminar, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
Spe~ker: " DT' D.amel Costa,. Physiological Research Laboratory, SIO . 
Subject: BiologICal and phYSIOlogical ecology of the sea otter (Enhydra ). " 
307 Vaughan Aquar·Museum. Note room change this week only. 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
4-6 pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Class. Contact Physical Education 

Office for in~o -. 452-4032 . L~cation: So~th Balcony of the Main Gym . 
5 pm-midnIght. Need a qUIet, supportive place to study on Friday nights? 
Studen~s for Supportive Allopa thic Study (SSAS) will open Garre~ 
AudltorI~m ,. BSB 1105, to all UCSD students as a study hall on Fridays from 5 
pm-12 midnIght . All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

6: ,30 pm: Oneg.Shabat - with speaker Kevin Avruch: Why US Jews do (or 
don t) make AlYlah . Pot luck dinner. International Center. 

7: 30 pm: " A Linguist Looks at Chinese Poetry" an informal lecture by 
Professor Matthew Y.C. Chen of UCSD Linguistics Dept. Sponsored by 
Chinese Student Association . Everyone welcome . Free admission . 
Refreshments. North Conference Room, Student Center. 

8 pm: " U nderstanding Shyness", a UC San Diego Extension program with 
psychologist Marvin Gerst discussing the whys and wherefores of shyness, 
what it is, what is known about its alleviation. Rm 107 Third Lecture Hall 
Bldg., Third College Campus, UCSD. Fee: $5; $2.50 3tudents with valid IDs. 

8-10 pm: " Energy Strategy: The Road Not Taken (An Evening with Amory 
Lovins) ," presented by UC San Diego Extension. Lovins, Director of British 
Friends of the Earth and recent advisor to Jimmy Carter, will explain the 
" soft path" 10 energy self-sufficiency. Rm . 2722, Undergraduate Science 
Bldg., Revelle Campus, UCSD . Fee: $5 ; UCSD students, $2. 

8 pm-I am: Dance with live music. Revelle Mud Huts (outside) . Free. 
Sponsored by Revelle Res. Halls. 

Saturday 
~ am ... pm: ."Your New Household Appliance: The Computer", a UC San 

DIego ExtenSIOn course for the first·time and prospective computer user. 
Information on computer selection and use in the home. Rm. 107, Third 
Lecture Hall Bldg .. Third College Campus, UCSD . Fee: $35 . Bring a bag 
lunch. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church 9595 La Jolla Shores D~. ' 
5 pm-12 midnight: Need a quiet place to study Saturday night? Students for 

Supportive Allopathic Study, a student organization open to all UCSD 
students, will open Garren Auditorium BSB 1105 as a study hall on Saturday 
nights. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

8 .P'!l: La Jolla Civic/Univ . Symphony plays Brahms " Requiem", 
variations on a theme by Haydn. Mandeville Auditorium. Admission $3.00 
general, $.1.00 students. 

Sunday 
8: 30 am: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
10 am: UCSD Gospel Choir with Cecil Lytle will sing during the Lutheran 

worship hour. Univ~rsity-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
10:30 am: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
12: 03 pm: Episcopal Eucharist . University·Community Church 9595 La 

Jolla Shores Dr. ' 
1 pm: Center for Psychological Revolution. Introductory video-discussion 

programs on a new way to organize life. 1529 HornblendStreet, Pacific Beach. 
273-4673 . Free. 

3 .p~: La Jolla Civic /U nlv . Symphony pl ays Brahms " Requiem ", 
.varIatlOns on a theme by Haydn . Mandeville Auditorium. Admission $3.00 
general, $1 .00 students . 

5 pm: Catholic Mass . University-Community Church. 
. 6 ~9 .pm: . Biology·Chemistry Clinic - Free walk·in tutoring help for lower 

diVISion biology and cherr istry courses. USB 4010. 
. Ope~ 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located 
In MUir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

8 pm·12 m!dnight: Th.e Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathenng place for 
stu~e.n~s which offers mghtly entertamment, a variety of refreshments, and 
actlVllIes that encourage interaction. Telephone: 452-3092 (evenings) for 
updated program information. 711 Warren Campus. Free. 



triton times MoncIey, 1Ia, 11. 1tte 

SPECTACU IR 
Spring -Sale 

Foreign Travel 
Voltage Converters 

Assorted 
Swiss 

Watches 

c[RAN~ 
C-500 

I~' '-l 
/ jill'1 f V,'.-. 

'W 

Sugg . Reta il 
$6.95 

Adapter Plug Kit 
Sel of four plugs ""ill odop. 
to nearly all electrica l wall 
outlets around the world. 

CF- ll 
50 watt converters 

Converts 2201240 foreign 
voltoge to 11 ~120 U.S. 
voltage. 

Sugg. Reloil $12.95 

1600 wQtt converter converTS 
2201240 foreign vol.oge '0 
11 01120 U.S. vol loge. 

Sugg . Reta il 

C-1 600 

Choose from a large selection of quality 
watches. Retail prices start at $17.95. 

DuraceU~ Calculator Accesso ries ~e G ENE R A L • E LEe r. R; I C Charger .::t Batteries 
9 volt 

Sugg. Retail 
$1.79 

AA·2 pack 
Sugg . Retail 

$1 .59 

AAA·2 pock 
Sugg . Reta il 

$1.59 

EL·5806 

Calculator Stand 
Sugg . Retail $2 .00 

CalCaddy 
Universal Carrying Case 

Sugg . Retail 
$3.00 

Charger sn.ps onto module 
with battenes available In "'A. 
e, 0 .nd 9 Volt sizes. GE CHARGER 

REGULAR PRICE $5.98* 
Now Only 2.98* 

Less 2.00 Rebate from GE. 
Your Cost .. . ...... 98e 
'.,1/., .. Sugg Ret ... P' Q 

GE Batteries are rechargeable 
up to 1000 timesl 

Scientific Calculator Texas Instruments electronic calculator 

Ultra·thin Bi llfold 
Scientific calculator 
with direct access 
memory (1,000 hours 
on two silver oxide 
botteries) . 

Sugg . Retail $34.95 

TI-30 
Student 
Moth Kit 

n Money Manager 
Sug . Retai l 

$21.95 

SPECtAL 
" HOW TO" 

MONEY MANAGEMENT 
BOOK 

INCLUDED . 

I 

Sugg . Retail 
$21 .95 

, our "Advanced eampus Electronics ;l Center 

The University 
Bookstore Th. nlvtr 11Y BookStor. '_ ...... , ' l ..... _ ... ~l ..... 

/ 

. ~... . , ", .... 

Monder , ..., 11, 1971 triton times p- • --~----------------------------------~~~~--------------------------~------ ~ 
Arts/Entertainment 

Lowdown on new albums 
Round the Back· Cafe Jacques 

The rock music form , though 
inundated at present by a 
plethora of mediocre art·rock 
enterprises, still manages to 
get a hold of some real talent 
now and then. England's Cafe 
Jacques appears to be one of 
the more talented groups to 
appear of late. Firmly rooted in 
the " avant·garde" tradition of 
such bands as Pink Floyd and 
Genesis. Jacques has been able 
to avoid the formulizing which 
has afflicted P.F. and Genesis 
recently. on their debut album, 
Round tbe B ac k . Clever 
manipulation of rhythmic 
structures within pleasingly 
melodic songs provides their 
closest connection with the 
aforementioned bands . The 
drummer owes a tremendous 
debt to Phil Collins of Genesis 
(who plays on one tune) . For 
the rest, there are really no 
standouts instrumentally; 
studi o techniques such as 
distant mixin~ enchance the 
feeling of the band as organic 
whole, rather than several 
competing instruments. The 
vocals are handled forcefully 
and virilly by Peter Vietch; the 
lyrics treat such " relevant" 
topics as meaninglessness , 
sexual fantasy, drug use, et 
cetera. They demonstrate an 
irritating tendency toward 
vapid platitudes and, like the 
album as a whole, are some-
what less than dynamic , 
making Round tbe Back a 
pleasant though rather forget· 
table album. 

- Dan Tena 

Pure Mania - The Vibrators 
In contrast to the soporific 

Round tbe Back, we have the 
hel!bound Vibrators, pounding 
their way through Pure Mama. 
Musically, these four have 
produced a nice set of fifteen 
eclectic rock tUDeS; 'they draw 
from ChUck Berry, The Dave 

. Clark Five, Them, and others 
too numerous to mention, 
making for an album which i 
~~lY mO"'listenable.~ 

PRECISION CunlNG 
SKINCARE 

.lUWET MANICURING 

A cOMpiet. Red ... s.-

3251 HoIItI.y Ct . 
. .... ht by a...IoII. VII""". 

4S~0610 11% DISCOUNT 
ON SERVICE.S 

( willi :.I ..... nl or ~XlII'" 10 

.i.... lIrint til,. : • COIIpOn .. i .~ .~ 

"averaJle listener" than the 
chaotic Sex Pistols. Punk-rock 
is really more a question of 
stance than melody, towantthe 
accoutrements of the modern 
world on this album . Their 
frustration at the growing 
passivity of the contemporaries 
IS evident "hi, my name's Bill 
how are you", making their 
implicit and self-directed plea 
for impudence seem rather a joke. As Nietzsche said, "Ajoke 
is an epigram on the death of a 
feeling"; in this case the feeling 
was rock and roll, and I can't 
help but think that they hold 
fiercely an indefensible 
position at the end of the road, 
and will be forced to lie in the 
grave they have dug there. 

- Dan Tena 

This Year's Model - Elvis 
Costello 

Elvis Costello is a recording 
artist whose vision is more 
perspicacious and therefore 
more complex than most. He 
counters a revolutionary 
stance with a refusal to take his 
art too seriously, with the result 
being an album that is critical 
without being didactic. Though 
none of the songs carry the 
immediate impact of "Less 
Than Zero" or "Waitin' For the 
End of the World", he bad 
admira bly avoided self-
parody , no little feat for a 
contempora ry of the Sex 
Pistols. His four· piece band is 
tighter than before, and the 
melodic content of the songs 
has been augmented by the 
a ddition of an organ . As a 
background for poetry of a sort, 
the band plays an admirably 
simple blend of rock and roll, 
reggae, and sixties·style r&b, 
driving more urgently than on 
My Aim Is True through the 
twelve songs, which consist 
lyrically of love songs inter· 
spersed with well·placed barbs 
on subjects of some social 
importance. Standouts are the 
ironic "Radio Radio" and "Lip 
Service." 

. - Dan Tena 

Head Eas' - Head East (A&M) 
Head East has long been one 

of the better Mid·west rock 'n 
roll boogie bands. Though a 
polished, veteran outfit on the 
road, they've had some trouble 
putting it together in the studio. 
The closest thing they've had to 
a bonafide hit was "Never Been 
Any Reason" off of their first 
LP (Fla' As A Pancake) . 

That's why I'm happy to hear 
their new LP, simply entitled 
Head East. It is easily the best 
LP the band has done to date, 
with the simple title symbolic of 
some kind of new beginnings 
for Head East. From the album 
cover design down to the 
recording and mixing, this new 
LP bas more style than the 

(Please turn to page 10) 

Howtoflncl 
a tnIIIlIIIeI' Job. 
Talk to Manpower. . 

We've got summer job 
opportunities for temporary 
workers. In factories, ware· 
houses., stores ... indoors 
and outdoors. 

Work as much as you 
want. Or as li ttle. It's up 
to you. 

There's a Manpower office 
almost anywhere you're 
spending the summer. Stop 
in and we' ll plan a job 
schedule for you. 

-o.~e 
An equal opportUnity employer. 

ROil 
Brand New 
ComPact 12 
• 100% solid state chassis Mod .. AC120 
• Law power consumption- 36 watts (average) 
• Fast warm-up picture tube 
• Pre·set VHF fine tuning 
• Dual·function VHF/UHF antenna 

Capital SALES-SERVICE-
Television RENTALS 

w ....... t 
mat« brMdl 7715 Fay Ave., La Jolla, CA 

459-3636 01 T........, --' II Monday-Friday 8:!»-5:3O - -. Saturday 9:!»-5:00 

VILLAGE HOTEL 
·In the Village at the Cove 

Thls uniquely d!fferent hotel offers 
complimentary breakfast In bed andJresh 
flowers and candy in every room . Wheth er it Is a 
game oj golf. a quiet walk along the shore. 

shopping or gourmel dlni ng 
you wlllftnd It here. 

1110 Prospect Street La Jolla , CA 92037 
1714) 454-0134 

Anoth~r tJm~ . Another place. And an uncommon 
family that triumphs over th~ Intergalactic forces that 
would d~stroy It . 

B N~bula award nominee Marta Randall . 

~CiETBOOKS 



Monday, ..., 11, 1178 
••••••••••••••••••••••• .***.** ••••••••• ***** •••• ** •••• ** ••• * •• * ••••••••••••••••••••• ** •••• * ••••• *** . 

Classifieds *** Classifieds : Summer ?: 
Work -**** •• ***** •••••• ** •• *.*_.*/1 •• *.***.*** ••••••••• * ••••............... *** •••• *. 

. personals . housinl !~.s.:..kl llreel bike. UO c<:.1ood condition. ,sa: 

n ....... .. Of 
""'beck. 

owned • 
• 
• 

• 
* Tips * In Wednesday's 

Triton Times 

H. who mak .. a beut 01 blmaall IOU rid ot tile palA 
01 beln, a man. ISlI7) 

To UI SLII : ,"",a ka lor the terrille cb ... _lut 
week' ! ·the Lhtle Red D. t.un or 131 GWX 

All 1/2 price 
10c to '1.00 
or trade 2 fOf 1 

, ••••••• - •• ~ ••••••••• I 

1 bird Col .... : EcIcIy. lellloyed tile _ ...... 1Ion on 
Sl5m al rv I WGIIId Uke ... COIIllDue it bow do you 
leel about lllia! eoe .. ct Man. U37 Rerniq10n Rd. 
,. San OW .. nll5 SDSU (II t7) 

Ctasica 
Belt Sell.n 
Romances 

Mysteries 
Sci.nce Fiction 
... AII Cat.gories 

Imported greeting cards. 
postcards, gift wrap and 
posters. 
" Marcel Schurman" exclusi.ely . 

Ope!, untll9 PM 
737 P .. rI·Suitt 108 

(n.xt to the Soup ~x,cnllngtl 
l. • 

If you want to get into nuclear engineering. start by get· 
ting into the Nuclear Navy. 

The Navy operates more than half the reactors in 
America. Our nuclear training is the most comprehen i\'e. 
You start by earning your commission as a Na\'y Officer. 
Then we give you a year of ad\'anced nuclear training. 
During your career. you'll get practical. hands·on experi · 
ence with our nuclear powered fleet. 

If that sounds like the kind of responsibility you're 
looking for. speak to : 
LT John CHALKER, the Navy Officer 
Information Team. (714) 293-6444 or send 
resumes to: NRD San Diego, NTC, Bldg. 
335, San Diego, CA 92133. 

ATTENTION GRADUATINC SENIORS 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 

NUDE rock dancel Par1y May 21. U .. band. He.UId 
~. zu.tl. (5121) 

Bakke Debat. Oft .. pe IA the Cluater Playback 
Center . H· L Bid, . Ind tloor xl"5 1511.) 

Twilled Madoona: Now tbat I know your codo 
name , you ' ll be hrarlDI (rom me! The 
ClnWlkerou. One. 15115) 

Happy Birthday Brad! Lov •. tho old MiI.ion Bly 
AlhletJc Club. 

AnyOne who knows of a stolen blu Raleigh Grand 
Prill: CI U45t-t117 it'li myonly ronnol traftlrrom PB 
(5117) 

Pauy E-Uappy Birthday to a sweet 'lady and a 
wonderlul lriend. LoYe. Greg 15115) 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
*LOW COST 
*CONFI DENTIAL 

*STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

Deadline 
May 30 

With graduation just around the corner, the chances are good that you are th inking abo~t graduate S~hool or work opportun;ties outside of the San ~iego area. Many 
seni ors are he~dlng to schools located outside of California and , consequently. new pr~blems come Into focus: where to find lodging; who to room with ; what are the 
neighborhoods t o stay away from; where the good restaurants are located and just 
about everything that one needs to know about life In a new city . 

In order to make life just a little easier for you. the Associated Students o f 
UCSD ha s Introduced "Senior Link". This new service will put UCSO students destined 
for t he s ame sch~1 ~r city In ~ouch with other UCSO student s who wi ll be traveling 
to the Same dest.nat~on. The aim of this program is to link UCSO seniors in order 
to make trave l, hou~lng and other arrangements just a little easier. If you have 
wonde red a bo~1 how m~ny people from UCSO will be going to your post-UCSD des t ination 
now ~s t ~e t.~e to find out. A phone list of individual~ who are going [0 the same' 

de~ l . na [IOn Will be made available through campus media. For more information contact 
Phil Isaac at X~~SO . 

PI.I" fill outth. lorm on the bottom 0' thll page. and return It by 
US Mall or Campul Mill Servlc. to: Senior Link, ASUCSD. 
Stud.nt Cent.r Building A. UCSD B-023. L. Jolla. Forml may 
allo be 1.1t with EDNA. 

-----------------------------------------------------------

Name Return no later than May 30 
Addr'·:s~~-------------------------------------
Telephone number _________ _ 
Stude 1t ID number 

-------------------

Name of University you will be attending _______________ _ 
Name of city state _________ _ 
What depanment or school ______________ _ 

If you don't plan to attend grad school, list only 

Slan.ture 
city and state where you plan to move 

Del Mar beach haute (or rent .lart..lnllate June. 4 
bedroom •. year I ..... call (213) ... · I!!&I.Iter7 pm. 
ITBA) 
U Playmor Twnbl. J BR. I'" Bib. unlum. drapoo. 
ca'1lO\. re("-. pallo. near pool. Ronl _ Imo Iwt 
611~ . Tel day 211·5155. e •• 458·04" 1f'11I) 
Roommate wanted (or .urnmer non-amoI&er quaet 
own"""" pool PI.~mor 'IZTlmlb. 4,U.'/SU (5115) 
A boy love. hj. dot but such .. not the cue with 
landlord • . I 'd appreclale a ny Inlo on • PB or LA 
Joll. rent.1 which ,Uow. a dOl lrom Itudenll wbe> 
are YilCaliq. Pleate! Alan at W...MII. (T BA) 

!t bedroom condo lor rent 137$ month. Available 
June 20 near UCSDaIG.n. HI,hlanda.Ca1l4M-OIZS 

(51 1~) 

H", ... hare In DelMar. Hot·lub. ,,~ard .... SIRlI.or 
cou ple ... call 755-7571 or Oanie at x2721 
New Condo (or Rent·2 BR. Wilh pool , tenniJ. jacuuI. 
,arare. Near campus S350/mo Call .~ 

Summer rental , . Inele and double roonu in Oel 
Mar. I block lrom lb. beach. ? l l:lf.SllIO. A.allable 
June II , poIlibHit)' or )lear leaR call 7S5·7f04 a nd 
uk lor Andrew or Colin ITBA) 

MALE' CHRISTIAN plan. to be Gr . • tudent in lall. 
aeeka place to hve stan:inl Ju.ne ~-2440. Jon (5/ 15) 
Malt Roommate Needed: (or7'·79academic year. 3 
bdm.l2 bath , 2 story house with .sun~k Fully 
lumisbed '" block lrom beac h In DEL MAR . 12 min . 
(rom achool. Sito/ month. 75S.7677. Ask for Bruce. 
15117) 

travel 
CIEE announce. new , approved ONE -WAY 
CHARTERS! ConUrmed ..... can now be booked to 
Pari • . Amsterdlm, Zurich! Prices be,in at S24S 
lrom San f'ra..,iJcoILOI ARI •• ". II" lrom New 
York. f"1),inc round-trip the price loes down when 
you combine any two CIEE lIliht.s lhal .ult your 
schedule! Select your own route' Come see UI at 
CIEE Siudonl Troyel Servi""" UCSD Siudent 
Cen",r ~ La Jolla . CA IIZOI3 (7141.52_. Open 
", .. kda~. lrom 11-3. ITBA) 

for sale 
Excellenl condition 1m SubaN DL 5 'peed. 2.!000 
ml .. radial • . !15 mpg. mo nellotlabl • . Call 753-11 51 
Kim or Ben (5122) 

Portabl. ", .. bini machine 135. Rlcbard za·7745 
(5115) 

I m Honda 550 motorcycle immaculal.e CODdition 
whh wiDdjammer Cairilll and extru. UtOO/ olter. 
45"'II1II (SIIS) 

f'lal .. Spider 1119 .xcellenl coadltJOII Inside olld 
out. Greal , .. mil .... . 755 ·~ 3ot (5/U) 

wantea 
KING TUT tlckel May 17 11 ;00. Need deaperatA<t~ 
10 trade lor I later date. COli Dee Dee '1 2M·24M 
eve •. (511.\) 

Mile volunteeD needed (hol ......... 1) !ormam .. 
.... i.I ftIOrch. l ilt hr • . of your lime. laldna 
.tandard PI~choiollca l qu .. tionnaire (ICMPI) 
excbaqed lor computer scored Interpretation,,,, 
Ia:! . (Sill) 

Project Oz .• (amlly f..''Ounselina ~nter lileekin. 
.. olunteer counselors to wor. with .dolescent.l in 
, ri.iI IA. residential 10,,1.,. SCJftnin,. will be lbe 
week 01 May 22. Call 275-34%1 lor more Inlo. 1511~) 

Responsible dnver to deliver ' 74 BMW to 
Rochester. New York by June lit. Call before J, 
pm "-;9·1 146 151151 

Interested in workinl with kids thIS summer in 
Orange Co unty" Ca ll Mike 4111 · 9553 4511.) 
Summer Money. We bu), yourused collc,e texts for 
('ash. California 8ooac . across the street from SDSU 
(5/ 24) 

VACATION WITJlOUT MONEY .. a YlcallOD 
without fun Have (un. Ea rn the exln money you 
need by working a few hOUri a day. Phone 291 -2$47 
eveninas (or appomtment. No phone interviews 

1~126) 

services 
TYPIO.I-e. ~rle,tCed reliable , reasonable IBM 
Correcting e le...' trJc. Call anytime 45.').(1127, Mrs 

, Old. (61" 

TYPING' IBM SeleClric lenn pa .,.. ... Ihe .... PhD. 
ell rtaliollll . editlO,'. RUSH JOBS - 453.0656 .1>611-
1m. 216-4136. 452· 11113 11/9) 

PROf'ESSIONAL TYPING . r.a.onable rot ... 
V,llale SeC'retariat, 1205 Proa:pecl no 250. La Jolla 
4M.jI316 (TBA) 

NEED A TYPIST? Reasonable rate • • experienced. 
Ca ll atter 12 : 30 . Kathl. 276 · .2U . Itll) 

Proleuional Typinl . Reasonable Ratel . IBM 
COrroctJn, Seie<.1ric. Call lor Free EJtJmote. GaU 
4lI1 .7S4iI 161" 

lost & found 
Found: Calculator in Central. Call and "'II me !be 
de .. U. and ~ou oan haye It baCk. Rand~ 453-4833. 

S ..... I Tuner TU_ .. Amp. AU· ... lIO wII .. per Loo!: He",lett.Packard c.lculator on May 10 
cbaJlnel. Roth IZ75 or belt oller. cau 461_ (5115) Reward ottered Call 453-10., . 
* •••••••••• * ••••••• * •• *** ••••• , 

Low down ... 
(Continued from page 9) 
band has ever shown before. 
And it's about time. 

The new producer for the 
album was Jeffrey Lesser. His 
work on Head East is quite 
sharp, with added touches like 
live concert applause mixed in 
on "Get Up and Enjoy Your-
self" being very tasty. The 
band needed that kind of 
rougher edge on the recordings. 
However. I have a feeling that 
this band should have live 
recordings for catching their 

Presn~nft Need Help, 
Ma~e iI deCwo.. loti! You 
~n4 Yourllby CAl. live with. 

Free COlIn'" an4 Aid ' 
P!<H.ife lo_HOTLIN£ SOillE 

true essence . Speaking of 
which , Head East has a live LP 
in the world . It should be 
interesting listening. 

- Tim Mackenzie 
FM - Original Motion Picture 
Soundtrack (MCA) 

Listeni ng to the soundtrack of 
FM is like listening to FM radio 
without the ads. It's a slickly 
packaged two-record set 
containing hits of the past year 
along with some new material. 
If you're into middle-of-the-
road rock, you'll love it. 
Especially for parties. 

The original theme so ng 
"FM" by Steely Dan is good; 
simple but catchy and with 
some fitting lyrics ("FM, No 
Static At All ... ). Other original 
music includes Joe Walsh 's 
cleyer " Life ' s Been Good ". 
whIch .features some good 
acoustic and electric guitar 
interplay and an amusing 
reggae-type beat to showcase 
his cute storyline. Others: Tom 
Petty 's "Breakdown ", Boz 
Scagg's "Lowdown" , two live 
Linda Ronstadt tracks ("Tum-
bling Dice" and "Poor, Poor 
Pitiful Me" ), Jimmy Buffett's 
"Livingston Saturday Night". 
Eagles ' " Life in the Fas-l 
Lane" , just to name a few. 

- Tim Mackenzie 

Student Specials 
at $uper Savings 

Sterling Silver and 
Antique Ivory Jewelry 

30% OfF 
F. David - Jewelry & luggage 

Flowerhlll Shopping Center, Upper Level 
Via de la Valle, De. Mar 

481-7742 

Monde" Mar 'te. 1178 

May 15 thru 18 
MOD-Thurs 

We will be giving away a Superscope 
SMS-540 Stereo System valued at $299.95 

Entry blanks available 

~"'11 

at the Bookstore Electronics Dept. 

( • ~4 
-_.- !-~ "''-'===--- ..... 

Drawing will be held Thursday, May 18 
Check out our super special sale 

20% off all imprinted T-Shirts & Shorts 
Big Sale on Dictionaries!!! 

Collins World Unabridged - Reg. 559.95 -
Sale Price only 519.95 - while they last. 

at 3 pm 
items! 

All other books in the General Book Dept. - 20% off reg. price 
• i 

2000 Harper & Row "hurtn paperbacks at Yz off! 

• WE'RE GIVING A WA Y A COpy OF THE NEW RANDOM 
HOUSE ENCYCLOPEDIA!!! (Reg. 569.95) 

• ALSO "TWO" AMERICAN HERITAGE DICTIONARY & 
INFORMATION BOOKS! (Reg. 534.95) 

Stationary 
Jewelry 

Special Markdowns 
50% off! 

Posters - Prints 
Pewter 

Wrought Iron 
Frames 

Plant Specials 53.95 - 6" Plants Ass't ,Varieties 
All other plants 20% off 
Records at Cheap Prices! 
Many surprise bargains!!! 

Keychains 
Andean Rugs 

. ........, 

The Univ r ity Bookstore 
"'~Soo~ 



..... 12 

Inside the office ... 
(Coadllued f m pale 1) 
had volunteered to get arrested, went off to 
another rtlOpt to decide on the procedure. But 
the talk a"'onlst the 30 drifted away from 
procedure aDd lOme people began to question if 
there shouid be arrests at all. 

After aU, it was said, members of the Advisory 
Committee on Student Fee Programs 
were meeting unofficially just then and it looked 
like they were going to offer $25,000 for one year 
and look into the possibility Qf permanent 
funding. But the more vehement demonstrators 
argued that the Reg Fee Committee didn't hold 
the real powers, the Chancellor did . And 
McElroy wasn't trusted. He had lied to them 
before, they said, and no one could think of a 
reason to trust him now. 

So the talk drifted back. Yes, it was decided, 
20 were going to jail when the police moved in. 

There were still more than 20 people who 
wanted to get arrested, so the demonstrators 
drew lots to see who would go. Those who didn't 
make it were put on a waiting list. The decision 
made, the 30 went back to join the rest of the 
group. 
Back with the others, though, the argument 

continued. What was the right strategy? they 
asked. There was this offer from Reg Fee, and 
that was a concession. Maybe they should just 
take it, and if Reg Fee or the Chancellor were 
lying, they could always come back and occupy 
the office again. Should they play their trump 
card, and send people to jail? Or should they 
wait? 

By this time, it was getting late. The decision 
had to be made. 

The smog that was bad enough to provoke a 
first stage alert Saturday was in the air, and 
most of the windows were still closed, so none of 
the cigarette smoke could escape the room. It 
was getting harder to breathe. There was a lot of 
tension in the room just then, so the shortness of 
breath didn't help calm things down. And in the 
late afternoon, it was still hot. . 

Outside, there were a lot of people chanting 
and singing. The rhythmic, "Day care, day care 
Day Care ... " and the melody of" Just like a tree 
standing by the water, we shall not be moved ..... 
drifted back into the office. They were happy, it 
seemed, and they were singing. By stretching 
out the windows, the crowd could be seen. It 
looked like there were about 250 people out 
there. Inside, the debate continued. 

"Listen," someone said, "'we've got all that 
support out there. We should let everyone know 
that we're serious." 

There was support out there. You could hear it 
coming through the balcony door. Andjust a few 
minutes before, someone had gone out and 
announced to the crowd that the Reg Fee offer 
wasn't good enough. "It's just a bandaid," it was 
said. "We want a permanent commitment to 
day care. If it is arrests they want, then it is 
arrests they shall have," it was shouted from the 
balcony to the crowd. 

N ow time was running out. Bernard Sisco, the 
Vice-chancellor for Administrative Affairs, had 
come in at three and announced that the 
demonstration was an "illegal assembly" and 
that everyone still inside at five 0 ' clock would be 
" subject to arrest." The Chancellor and the 
police were going to do it. They were going to 
send people to jail, and after Sisco's 
announcement, everyone knew it. 

It was 4: 30. There was no time left. The police 
would be there in half an.bour. "The decision 
was made last night," said someone. "We've got 
to stick by it," said another. Finally, all the 
resistance broke down. It was too late. The 20 
would stay behind and get arrested, and the rest 
would march out of the office at five to five and 
be "in solidarity." 

One guy with curly hair suggested that as the 
demonstrators march out they chant, "Busted 
but not broken ..... Everyone agreed. The 
decision was made and the tension itself broke. 
It was almost 5: 00. 

The bail arrangements had already been 
made and those who were staying behind were 
assured that they would be out of jail by 
midnight. There was going to be a party at the 
Day Care Center to greet them when they came 
back from downtown. Goodbyes were said. 

The police walked in and announced that 
everyone ,1ad to leave. Those that were going 
marched (Iut chantinJZ. a they said they would. 
The rest ,tayed and waited lor tilt: police 0 
arrest them, 

OutsidE', there was a crush of people , 
reporters , photographers . All the hundreds of 
people lint~d up and waited for the police to lead 
out those 'v 0 had remained behind. In the end 
there were 21 left inside. An extra person had 
stayed on. 

A little later, they were led out in plastic 
handcuffs . They were miling, and they 
e med to be proud of themselves . The crowd 

cheered them on. 
It wa after five and it was almost over. The 

office wa cleared. In three days, no official 
offer concerning the Day Care Center was given 
and none wa accept d, and 21 people were 
going to jail. 

Scenes from Friday 

i • 
I 

Poli(:e trud, with arruled .llIdent. dri"a awllY from admi.i.tration complex Friday. 

MoncIey, M8Y 11, 1171 

-AFr-estS ... 
(Continued from pale 1) 
"Day care, day care" as the 21 
students, their hands bound by 
plastiC wire, were led by 
university police from Mc-
Elroy's office to the paddy 
wagons. 

The mood of the crowd grew 
restive as the arrested students 
were taken away, with wild 
cheering and constant shouts of 
encouragement proliferating. 

The tense atmosphere was 
further charged when a scuffle 
occurred between campus 
police and two Channel 10 news 
people, with the police grab-
bing reporter Adrienne Al-
pert's neck and puling her from 
the paddy wagon . Alpert 
suffered a slight cut on her 
nose. During the scuffle several 
people were knocked down; 
with the situation coming to a 
head as police shoved individ-
uals away from the scene of the 
tumult. 

Shortly before the 5 pm 
deadline , the Advisory 
Committee met nearby Mc 
Elroy's office in an attempt to 
reach a compromise with the 
protestors to prevent the 
arrests. The committee voted 5 
to 4 - five student members 
for , four administrators 
against - to fund the center at a 
$25,000 level for one year, with 
the stipulat' on that a study of 
the center be prepared. 

Serena Leyon , a spokes-
person for the protestors , 
refused the one year subsidy, 
saying , " We don 't have 
anymore time, we wan t 
expansion, we want quality day 
care. " 

Leyon voiced the protestors' 
deiire that the committee give 
a continuing commitment to 
fund the center at a $25,000 
level. . 

The committee refused to 
give a continuing commitment, 
with some of the members 
indicating that they felt $25,000 
was too expensive (or the 32 
children the center is capable of 
handling. 

In an interview Friday, 
McElroy indicated he would 
accept the recommendation of 
the Advisory Committee on 
whether or not to fund the 
center. He also acknowledged 
he was worried the sit-in would 
set a precedent for other 
groups. 

The protestors had free 
access to ~cElroy' s office until 
10: 30 am Friday, at which time 
it was announced that nobody 
would be allowed to enter the 
offices , although the protestors 
inside could leave. At 3 pm 
Friday, Vice-chancellor of 
Administrative Affairs Ber-
nard Sisco set a !) pm deadline 
for the protestors to clear the 
office or be arrested under 
California Penal Code 6021B -
failure to vacate a public 
building. 

After Sisco's announcement, 
the protestors inside discussed 
whether to remain or leave. 
They decided to remain, but 
were only able to raise enough 
bail for 20 people. A lottery was 
taken and 20 students were 
chosen to remain . Another 
student was able to raise his 
own bail and stayed. 

The arrested students were 
taken to San Diego County Jail 
and all were released by 
Saturday morning. The stu-
dent arrested were Linda Rae 
Sabo, Peter K. Zelin , Elisabeth 
Anne Birchfield, Carolyn Marie 
Clark, Nancy Joy Laga, Caitlin 
Mary Sullivan, Bonnie De 
Fras r , Patricia Anne Ramos, 
Jo eph Murray Cooper, Craig 
Thomas Salling , Elizabeth . 
Anne Riley, Kim Tracy 
Dunbar. Gary Redmond Gibb, 
Dan Joseph Hughett, William 
Hermann Pegler, Jenny Lee 
Hawkin , Susan Dunphee 
Clarke , Robyn Maria Hal , 
Mark Jay Snyder, David 
Charles Carstensen and Alexis 
George Hernandez. 


