
Jarvis, Kapiloff hit hard on Prop 13 
Tax initia ive debate held here 

by Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor 

Tax crusader Howard Jarvis 
and state Assemblyman Larry 
Kapilof( were at U SD Wednes-
day night to debate Propo 'ition 
13, the Jarvis-Gann property 
tax limitation initiative - and 
both men came out swinging 
before a boisterous, tanding-
room-only a udience in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

.. Gove rnor Brown sa id 
Proposition 13 put the Legisla-
ture 's feet to the fire . I don't 
mind that, but I wanted the heat 
to be a little higher," Jarvis, the 
Los Angeles Apartment 
Association head , said of the 
initiative he co-authored with 
Paul Gann. 

Proposition 13 " turns over 
government to a small minor-
ity. It's a cheap, tawdry trick 
by a very small minority," 
Kapiloff, S-San Diego, said . 

From' left , u.s. Attor.ey Michael WeI.h, t.x cra .. der How.rd 
J.rvi. ftnd .tate A •• embly ..... Larry Kapiloff debate 
Propo.ition 13. 

Proposition 13 , which is on 
the June 7 state election ballot, 
calls for a 60 percent cut in 
property taxes, combined with 
a limit on the property tax rate 

~~""""*' )~:s,<ffl'?<~~~_,~ . .' · i8<·'~~~~:_i3S$!~8l:;:;:::';,:;:,&'~:;:=$:~~~~":~~· i Conflict leads to fed probe . - ~ I Nutritionist ,hassled by .UC I ~ Robert Bradfield's mail was intercepted. He ser've? What rights do its employees ave? And I 
~ was torbidden to leave the state, teach classes does the tradition of academic freedom, invoked I 
" meet with colleagues or do research as a by the UC administration against threatened I 
~ nutritionist. His career was wrecked for nearly legislative intrusion, apply to dissenters within i ~ a decade. and he was fired three urnes . the university? ~ f The agency responsible was not the FBI or The principals are: t! 

~ CIA. It was the AES, the University of California - Bradfield. a 49-year-old nutritionist with an i 
~ Agricultural Extension Service. international reputation. He directed projects in i 
~ The reason, Bradfield contends. is that he Latin America for Harvard and Cornell ~l 
~ wanted to study nutrition among low-income universities and the US State Department · f and minority farm workers and families . but before coming to UC in 1964. 

~~ AES serves only big corporate growers. - AES, a virtually independent branch of the 
" That's a phony issue," responds James university, established to provide farm . 

. Kendrick, UC's vice-president of agricultural research services to farmers, county programs, . 
sciences and head of AES. He said Bradfield was and the public. Much of its top staff has either 
fired for not dOing his job. current or former ag.ribusiness connection~. 

University officials do not contest, however, Although Bradfield was an associate 
that Bradfield's mail and personal files were professor in UC Berkeley's department of 
------------------ nutrition, he 13cked tenured protection against 

,'. 

. ' 

, \ . 

.. ' " 

Sare, we ...... e ... ny mail to_ e_pIoy_ 
.t • aniver.ity .ddre •• i. offici.1 

:. ba.i.e ..... S.y thi. o.e '. from IIi. 

I girifrielMll (lpened in 1976, nor that a long series of research ~ projects he prop<>sed on nutrition and minorities 
t were blocked by superiors at AES. 

Bradfield, who was fired for the last time 15 
months ago, has agreed tentatively to a $95,000 

; settlement that includes a provision against 
. public statements on all sides. 

Meanwhile. three federal agencies - the 
Postal Service and the Agriculture and Justice 

. departments - are inve ligating his complaints 
that the agricultural arm of the university 
violated hi rights and r fused to erve or hire 
minorities. 

Th case rai e que Lions that go far beyond 
vent involving Bradfi Id . 
For x.ample. whom does the university 

dismissal because AES paid his salary. 
In an interview before the restrictions against 

public statements took effect, Bradfield gave · 
this account: . 

He was fired in 1969 after proposing a study of 
nutrition among Mexican-Americans in the San • 
Joaquin Valley. 
, Bradfield proposed the project two years after 
AES got a $15 million federal contract to 
promote minorities' nutrition. He said AES 
Associate Director Albert Volz rejected the 
study, then fired him after he lined up outside 
funding and sought to do the research as a . 
Berkeley professor . 

" He said I didn't understand California i 
agriculture and the importance of the 
relationship between the Legislature and the 
university ," Bradfield said. 

"They had received complaints from Fresno 
County that my work was irritating growers, 
and they couldn' t afford to do that." 

Volz, who retired from AES six years ago, said 
recently that he could not recall the 
conversation specifically, but that Bradfield's 
account did not sound accurate. 

Bradfield was reinstated by Kendrick after 
winning a Guggenheim Fellowship for a similar 
study of minorities ' nutrition. 

- He was fired again in 1971 after complaining 
that AES, before showing its employees a film 
on Mexican-Americans, removed all references 
to the United Farm Workers and e ar Chavez. 

AES did not announce the cuts beforehand. 
and defended them after they came to light. 

" A big part of our work i with farm r who 
find Ce ar Chavez controv rial, " aid Georg 
Alcorn, then AE dire tor. "Th r I no u 
showing controv rial thing ." 

H al 0 aid Bradfield wa 
(PI a 

to one-percent of the building' 
assessed market value . A 
building's tax value would only 
be reassessed when it was sold 
or improved; a two-thirds vote 
would be needed in the state 
Legislature to raise any taxes 
besides property taxes, which 
could not be raised under the 
initiative. 
Staff members from CBS' "60 
Minutes" Wf:'re at th debate. 
Set' story, page 4. 

Wedne day night's debate, 
which was sponsored by UCSD 
Extension and moderated by 
area U.S. Attorney Michael 
Walsh, drew over 1000 people , 
as well as reporters from local 
television sta tions , radio 
stations and newspapers . 
Among the six TV cameras 
present in the auditorium was 
one belonging to the CBS show 
60 Minute , which is filming a 
documentary on the Jarvis-
Gann Initiative. 

Throughout the course of the 
debate , Jarvis tried to establish 

that hi initiative is ce sary 
b cause of the unfair nature of 
the tax ystem. and also that it 
would not cau e a reduction in 
vital governmental services 
like police and fire protection 
and education. 

Kapiloff , for his part , 
concentrated on the effect he 
said the proposition would have 
on governmentaJ services and 
on the possible legal confusion 
its wording would cause . 

The purpose of Proposition 13 
i. to "make it very hard for the 
Legislature to raise taxes ," 
Jarvis said . "Today a man has 
to work five months and fifteen 
days out of every year to pay for 
his taxes . 

" That 's an intolerable 
situation. No country has ever 
survived such a situation. It has 
always either gone bankrupt or 
turned into a dictatorship." 

Jarvis said his initiative 
recognizes the right of the 
people to vote on their own tax 
rate. He also inferred that the 
initiative will serve as a 

(Plea e turn to page 4) 

Possi ble side effects 
hold up housing bill 

by Reed Alpert 
Associate News Editor 

A bill that would prohibit 
housing discdmination against 
students has been held up in the 
Senate Finance Committee 
because of the author's concern 
for possible side effects of the 
bill on the Rumford Fair 
Housing Act. 

The bill (AB 1032) . as 
currently written, would 
amend the Rumford Act, which 
prohibits housing discrimina-
tion on the basis of race, color, 
religion, sex, ' marital status, 
national origin or ancestry, to 
include students among the 
other categories. However, the 
bill's author, Assemblyman 
Howar(i Berman (D-Beverly 
Hills) " felt that, both because 
amending the Rumford Act 
would require a financial 
allocation, and that certain 
proposed amendments to the 
bill would affect the entire 
Rumford Act, it may be better 
to seek a separate statute to 
prohibit student housing 
discrimination. 

The two proposed amend-
ments to Berman's bill 
concerned the freedom of the 
landlord to run credit checks on 
the prospective renter and the 
ability of the landlord to require 
a year-long lease. Many of the 
groups originally involved in 
supporting the Rumford Act 
felt uneasy about having these 
two amendments apply to all 
the provisions of the Act. 

In addition, some of the 
senators in the Finance 
Committee were concerned 
about the increased funding for 
the Rumford Act that would be 
required if students were added 
as another category . . All 
complaints based on the 
Rumford Act are handled 
throu,h the Fair Employment 
Practices Commission (FEPC), 
a state funded agency. Any 
complaints of housing discri-
mination against students 
would have to go through the 
FEPC and as such would 
require the FEPC to receive 
funding to handle them. 

Tony Perkins, an intern at the 
UC Student Lobby, which ha 

Inside: 

worked closely with Berman's 
office on the bill , said one of the 
major obstacles to the passage 
of the bill is the opposition 
coming from the major 
landlord associations in the 
state. The California Housing 
Council, the California Apart-
ment Association , and the 
California Association of 
Realtors are all lobbying 
against the bill. According to 
Perkins, Doug Gilies of the 
California Association of 
Realtors is one of the most 
re pecLed lobbyists in Saci a-
mento. 

Doorbells new 
security for 
Muir dorms? 

by Eric Jaye 
Staff Wri r 

That ding dong sound that 
students in the Muir dorms 
have been hearing is not A von 
calling but a new doorbell 
system installed on the suite 
doors to promote security. 

According to Resident 
Counselor Don Raub the 
doorbells were affixed after 
several students complained 
that they could not distinguish 
between the knocking on their 
suit doors and the regular dorm 
noises. Raub said that as a 
result of this situation students 
were leaving their suite doors 
open, which beginning this year 
have been locked as a security 
precaution. 

In addition to the doorbells , 
bulletin boards were also 
attached to the suite doors 0 , 
according to Raub, "students 
wouldn't have to worry about 
not getting messages from 
friends if the suite doors were 
locked," 

Some tudents have raised 
question as to why peep hole 
were also installed in the suite 
doors, as the doors already 
have windows. Raubexplained, 
"The peep holes came with the 
units Bnd those units were the 
cheapt t they (central hous-
ing) could find." 

Stadler on beer pub polltlcs-pg .. 2 
The story of Emmett A hford-pg. 8 
Recruiters on the prowl-pg. 9 



o 
MarkS 
Beer Pub politics 

The Beer Pub, which is proposed to share Building C of the 
Student Center with a Future Foods Restaurant, has become a 
focal point of the AS preSidential elections. It seems that both Muir 
AS Representative Gary Moser and Student Center Board chair 
John Jenkel- two of several expected preSidential candidates -
plan to use the Pub as an election issue. 

As such, neither Moser nor Jenkel wants anyone but himself to 
receive any credit for the installation - albeit a delayed 
installation, sometime next year - of a drinking establishment on 
campus. 

Late last quarter, the Triton Times ran an article on the Pub, 
and quoted Moser extensively. After all, he has been instrumental 
in the maneuvering behind getting the Pub here. Tlie article, 
however, upset Jenkel, who thought- rather reasonably, it must 
be added - that any story on the Pub should include coments Crom 
him, as SCB chair. Jenkel thought the story gave all the credit for 
the Pub to Moser. 

Last week, we ran an update on- the Pub , telling of various 
hassles which have delayed opening of the facility until next year. 
This story quoted Jenkel extensively . The day that story 
appeared, a couple of Moser-supporters wandered into the Triton 
Times office, to complain that the facts Jenkel gave us were 
wrong. They, obviously, thought Jenkel shouldn't get all creditfor 
the PUb. 

I can' t find it within myself to blame Jenkel or Moser for wanting 
to use the Pub as a campaign issue. (Although it would be nice to 
know the facts behind the story - that is, who's right: Moser, 
Jenkel or someone else?) After all, it appears there will be a 
definite paucity of meaty issues in the upcoming campaign. 

Sure, there are a lot of important things going on, things the 
candidates should be quizzed about. But how many students are 
going to get excited about UC investments in companies active in 
South Africa, or the Academic Senate 's academic dishonesty 
policy, or the survival of the Communications Program. A few 
hundred students, at best, will get behind .a candidate because of 
those issues. 

But beer ... now there 's an issue that will draw out the all-
important dorm vote. Who would use the Pub most of all? And who 
votes in the greatest number? Right, in both cases - the people 
who live here, the dormies. 

So I can' t blame the two candidates for wanting to claim the Pub 
as their own creation . But I can blame some other people - people 
who are criticizing the TT for being taken in by Jenkel and Moser 
in their quests for ink, for pUblicity, for name-identification. 

These people seem to feel Jenkel and Moser are using the Pub 
only as a media event, designed mainly to gain publicity. Possibly. 
But we would not ha ve run the stories quoting the two candidates if 
they were just media events, totally devoid of any news value_ 

Our stories on Moser and Jenkel have been legitimate and 
important. One story was on a hassle between Muir College 
students and the Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs. 
Two stories have been on the Pub, and two more have been on the 
parking fee raise. It hasn ' t been as if a candidate posed with an 
exotic animal, or held a $S-a -plate lunch or something like that. 

This does lead to a very important question, though: How should 
we cover candidates in events not directly related to the campaign 
(although some would say everything is related to the campaign) ? 
This is a common dilemma for all members of the media. Some 
newspapers have gone as far as to measure the amount of space 
that they devote to each candidate , and make sure the coverage 
remains exactly equal. 

Another common dilemma - in two-party politics, as opposed to 
UCSD - is the coverage given to thir -party l!andidates. Should 

. such candidates be given the same coverage as the " major" 
candidates? No? Who' s to say the " minor" candidates aren ' t as 
dese rving of coverage? They aren ' t a s popular in the polls? Maybe 
that' s just because ofthe lack of media c overage? Who 's to say for 
sure? 

E vidently, election coverage is a thorny problem. In fact , it 's a 
problem that perplexes and divides greybread journalists. And 
we' re s tudents, newtojourna lism, notthirty-year veterans. We ' re 
bound to make some mistakes. 

Just like the AS . 

Letters to th~ editor 

triton times Friday, April 14, 117' 

Job quality relates to 
U.S. unemployment picture 

by Paul Rosensliel executive director of t~e eve~y j~b cre~ted in higher 
Pacific News Service Nevada Employment Security paymg mdustrles. 13 people 

(Editor's note: This article is Department . aid , " The entered the labor force . 
the second of a two-part PNS situation in Nevada is not one of " The solu~ion . of course, is to 
series exploring so_me of the unskilled work~rs r~fusing to mak~ , the. Job~ ,:"ol"e ,;tll~ac-
hidden factors behind Amer- take low-paYing Jobs . but live. sa id Wilham Papler , 
ica's unemployment problem rather not staying with the job research chief for the Ohio 
with which the Administra- for very long. As such, high Bureau of Employment ~er-
lion's new urban policy will turnover is a contributing vices. Many other economists 
have to grapple.) factor to unemployment." and employment experts agree 

Like tens of millions of other The same is true throughout that the creation of good jobs 
Americans , 21 -year-old San the country. The South Carolina is necessary to combClt 
Franciscan Do.nald Jacob Employment Security Com- unemployment. especially 
thought he understood the mission , for example. reports among unskilled , minority . 
unemployment problem . It high turnover in the state's young and women workers . 
was,hethought, thedifCerence many low-paying sewing Much of thejobturnoveri 
between the number of jobs machine operator jobs. dictated by financial necessity . 
a vailable and the number of .. A lot of times someone wi II 
people who want to work. Paul Rosenstiel is a specialist ~ake a low paying)~~ just t? SCI! 

But in the last few years on urban unemployment for the If they can make It, explams a 
Donald Jacob's strategy for foundation-funded Third job .plac~m.ent officia! with 
finding work has demonstrated Century America Project_ C a II fornla s Employment 
that another factor - a Development Department . 
continuing sharp decline in job " High unemployment rates .. but often they don ' t last 
quality - may be offsetting the have forced some workers to because they ca~not s~pp0r.t 
recent national growth in the take jobs at a lower pay skill themselves or their fan:llh~s . 
number of jobs. level than they previously . ThegrowthoflowpaYlOgJobs 

" I once had a job paying$2 .30 held," said Raymond Thorne. I al~o central to the mush-
an hour, and I quit it for the administrator of the Employ- rooming welfare roles, ~ccord ­
simple reason that it wasjl ' t ment Division of the Oregon ' Ing to Joseph Califano . 
paying enough, " he said , Department of Human Re- secretary of the Department of 
" Eventually I fO'Jnd something sources . Health, Education and Wel-
better ," Now unemployed Another exacerbating factor fare. " We have this image of 
again, Jacob is broke and ready has been the concentration of somebody on welfare sitting 
to take any job he can get. But if new job growth in the lowest back in a rocking chair, not 
it pays poorly , he insisted , ' 'I'll paying industries. Between working," he said in a recent . 
keep looking for somethlOg 1970 and the end of 1977. interview . " Most work , but 
better at the same time ." according to US Labor Depart- they don 't earn enough to keep 

When workers such as Jacob ment figures, 89 percent of themselves above the subsis-
move constantly from one low- private sector new-job growth tence level. and so they need to 
paying, dead-end position to occurred in three industries _ supplement their income with 
another, many economists and trade: service: and rinance, welfare." 
employment counselors warn, insurance and real estate . The Job growth in the higher 
an increase in such jobs may average weekly wages in these payin~ industrieg did accele-
merely substitute bad work for areas run about 20 percent rate In 1977 but much of the 
no work. below the average foralljobsin improvement was due to a 

Lawrence McCracken , the nation . In those years , for (Please turn to page 3) 

Saltman's "solutions" mere appeasements 
Editor: 

Paul Saltma n's " solutions" tothe 
tremendous overcrowding present 
in Dr. Wright's Sxiology 157 class 
a re mere appea ·~e(llents to ,mgry 
and frustrated students concerned 
with the slaught( r bf the Sociology 
Department. Fully aware of the 
long waiting lisl lor both of Dr. 
Wright's courses, Dr. Saltman did 
nothing in advan e to lIe-v; lI ',. the 
problem. Faced w th sparse. dull 
c ours e orr e r in, s ta ught by 
baSically uncon(er;ned profe sor . 
students had no choice but to make 
standing-room -only crowds trying 
to add Dr. Wright' ~ courses. 

I fail to see wh y ,..e had to resort 
to our " demonst -ation " to prompt 
Dr. Sallman to find a lurger 
classroom. Had a room bt>en found 
when it wa. evident tha t the r lu s 
would be so popular. lh 're would 
have been no hard fl·elin",s llr 'lnger 
on the part of the stud nts. Wc 
would huve con~ r a tul il tcd ou r· 
Sl'lvesong \l ing Dr W":t.';! · S (' I 'I~ ~ 
and would not hin l' l' on (, l'rncd 
our ' lVI" with the r 'spunsiblli t.,· 01 
knowln& whu tll sJX'i1k..tu \I h"11 

situations as this one arise . We 
would have been as complacent a 
our science major counterpa rts 
who express amazement a t our 
inability to get classes. It seems 
they ha ve little trouble filling their 
schedules. 

Perhaps Dr. Saltman and the 
SOCiology Department ha ve done us 
a fa vor by shaking us out uf our 
contentment with the " system." 
We a re no longer willing to take 
wha t bones the depa rtment ('hooses 
to throws at us. The time has come 

for SOCiology and related majors 
to takea critical look atdeDartment 
poliCies . [t is time to have the 
university for us, bec,lUse without 
the students, the school would cease 
to exist. As long <IS we it back 

quietly Dr. Wright, Dr. Ngubo, Dr. 
Blumberg and Dr. Mehan will only 
be four more names on the list of 
casualties in the dying Sociology 
Department. 

ROBYN IIAU; 

What to do with. Third Snack Bar? 
Editor: 

In the past five months meeting with students at Third College have been 
proceeding smoothly. Topic: Wh<lt to do about La kluster Third College 
Snack Bar. Issues had been raised about the poor merchundising on the 
part of the nack. It was not appetising to see sandwiches display~'d in 
celophane. Prewrap1X>d sandwiches did not appeal to Ihe s tudenlR or 
faculty and starr thut were eating at thl: fucility. Now IhOSl' llrepal'kaged 
items c<ln be obt<lined down tair at the Munchbo)l wh,'n' thcrt' is a 
different need. That of gri.l bbillil a qukk bite 10 l'at betw 'I.'n clast's a lld fllr 
thost' who just don 't Muve the time to ~pt'nd WHIling [ur ;IO Ih'm llI ade 10 
order. 

t :llstirrrs il t the SIl i.l ,·k Rar Ih f\' WaS a definlll' nt'cd 10" ,I IIIl' nu and 
llIe rc::andls lng r .. l·\.d ,n . Ollinlol1 was th"t thl'n 1.I\·k,.'d i li t' unique 
char:.tl'l l'r thaI T1l1 rd n~ ' d 'd 10 .. lIrilet l'Ilt'nll'll' '" Ih, ' Siwek ShUll 
, unlt' lh ing ha(t to III' "l'l'" It'd th:.t \.\lIulo gil' " Th ird S Il. H k lI" r i t ~ 11\.\ 11 
fl al'or :'I1"ny Id" a- \\".'\., fOllnd Irlllll l ·(' I. .. ' · ~ " n.ll'k B.lr ll l)\·I •• tlllll Wh.11 

\H! ,lacked was a really good grinder sandwich shop.-One which had a 
variety of meat and cheese products along with the possibility of the 
expan ion to torpedo sandwiches. The complaints before arose from the 
fuet thut the previous merchandising techniques were ju.t not appealinl. 
~o now with the grand opt'ning April 3 a new look has emerged frym the 
Snack 

Sandwl('hc ' made-to·order. an Improved salad bar, and new peflOnnel 
hu,'e tlt'Cn "d!led. Still many improvements ran be made and the Ituclent 
f."t'lilt y ;IOd ~ Iarr IIlput is nl't'ded. Suggestion is that you give the Third 
Sn'I(·k .. I ry. I am .• ure you Will agree lh<lt the chailles made are an 
I IIlIl rfll ('lIl,l' lI1 H II ~ t hllpt'flilly. ?ur Insight will provide more improvements 
10 II wkl' 1 hll'(j Sn:ltk 'he unique Snul'k Shop that initial chan,ea huve 
h('Kun IU PrlJ\ letl ' 

PAUL A. TRfo:VINO 
Sludl'", I nlt'rn. lIou!iinK and Food dmini!ltralion 

Frld.y. April 14, 1178 triton times Page 3 
----------~,--------------------------------------------------------------------------.--------------,,------------

Opinion 
More letters 
Will Wright's_ classes are 
"worthwhile and popular" 

Editol': 
Dr. Wr ight i one of the few 

worthw hile profes ors remaining 
In th 'U S D Sociology Depa rt ment 
and it is for thi s reason th Cl I hi 
cla sses a re extrem ely popul <l r . 
Like many other professors i.l t Ihis 
univers il Y. he has be rn de ni ed 

Is UCSD 
distaff? 
Editor: 

It seem tha t we a re beginning to 
get a bit paranoid about thi equal 
opportunity business. Admittedly 
the re are compara t ivel y fe w 
fema le colleg.e president . Bul 
here, at UCSD. the great majority 
of th e a dministrati ve stCiff is 
composed of women . There a re, i.lS 
of my last count. orne ts. college 
orga ni zations devoted to and run by 
women (probubly with no nia le 
members :.I t a lii . wh p. rea I ha\'e 
been unable to di scover <I single 
cl ub or society wit h exclusi\,ely 
men as membt>rs. [s this becoming 
a di. t<l ff university' Should we 
adopt. i.lS our mascot. a cow? 

G[ANNA OSCURO 

Jobs ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
sha rp upturn in the cons truc-
tio n indu s try . where s kill 
re quir e ments a nd l a rge 
numbers of jobless union 
members barred most lesser 
skilled workers from compet-
ing for the jobs. 

Throughout the 1970s the 
need to find better paying jobs 
grew more urgent as average 
earnings in the lower paying 
industries failed to keep pace 
with inflation . From 1972 . when 
inflation began accelerating, 
u ntil the end of 1977, the 
purchasing power of wages in 
low-paying industries grew 12 
pe r c ent lower th a n the 
consumer price index , while 
wa g es in higher paying 
i ndu tries grew 5 percent 
faste r . By 1975 , 3 .9 million 
worke r in the prime working 
age of 20 to 64 worked full-time 
a nd ea rne d under 55 .000 -
b low the poverty line for a 
fa mily of four. 

Ma ny families have tried to 
bea t inflation by having 
two me mbers work while m a ny 
others s truggle on as before, 
b u t <Jga in s t greater odds . 
" The re' no question that many 
peo pl e who are working a t 
minimum wa~e jobs Clre the 
s o l wag e arners in Ihe 
filmi ly ." u id J ilc k Kil rlin . 
re ean.' h dir tor for the tr' 
Dcpurtme nt of Labor's E m-
ployme nt ~tandar(t Admin i. -
t ri.lt ion . 

t nure. and for what reason" 
tudenls cla mor into his cia ses 

every quarte r ac knowledging the 
I1w n's teaching skill s. P resently. 
hundreds of st udents are 0 11 wa iting 
li sts for Or. Wright' s fina l course 
off e rings . Ohl' io us ly te<lc hing 
abil ity a nr! studenl opinion a re of 
little \'a lue on Ih is ca mpus as buth 
a re ignored during tenure review. 

As student , we are manipula ted 
into acce pting these condit ion s 
while 10 ' ing ma ny of ou r be t 
profes ors . With a te llure board 
se lling standa rds as 10 who will 

Brilliance recognized? 
Editor: 

The statement by Paul Sallman 
in Monday ' TT regarding tenure , 
" The bums a rc bums and nobody 
bothers with them: brilliance is 
brilliance and everybody recogni-
ze s it , " is r e fl ec ti ve of th e 
dishonest, narrowminded attitudes 
generally held by tho e who make 
tenure decision on this ca mpu '. 

Brilliance of len limes goes unrec-
ognized, but an even sadder situa-
I ion is when brilliance is recognized 
but refused a place to express be-
ca lise it wants to express differing 
view from those in powe r. 

DENISE PEEK 

\ 
professor a t Columbi a nl ve r-
s it y a nd C h a irm a n of Ih e 

a tion a l C ommi ss i on f o r 
Ma npower Policy. " What m ay 
be ne w." he sai d . " i s th e 
tre mendous a mount of growth 
in the ervice sec tor with many 
small employers." This creates 
" difficulties in piecing together 
a sequence for upward mobility 
and therefore a lot of these 
people really get trapped in 
these lousy jobs." 

If, for example. there 's a 
union lI mong waiters , Ginzbe rg 
said, that places its members in 
better and better jobs on the 
basis of seniority and exper-
ience, a waiter starting out at a 
small luncheonette can even-
tually expect something better. 
But such arrangements rarely 
exist in the service industries . 

As a result the only place for 
thou ands of service worker to 
go i to the unemployment line. 

become full profes or , people of 
va rying ideas and beliefs a re fi red. 

Th is sy s t m d oes .not off e r 
students an educa tion, but , rather . 
" [i.lctory setting. A conformist 
philosophies a re sought a fter a nd 
mainta ined, originality dies . We 
a re being ha nded one-dimen 'iona l 
beliefs as people with differing 
id ea l a re exc luded from our 
system. As UCSD ·tudents , w a re 
being programmed. processed a nd 
sent out into ociely eminently 
qua li fi ed tu fi t into the sta tus quo. 

JENNY HAWKINS 

A hARpeR 
PAPER13AC1{ 

lying, despair, 
jealousy, envy, 

sex, suicide, 
drugs, and 

the good life 
LESLIE H. 
FARBER 

"'n my view . .. he is the most 
original thinker in his field 
since Freud, and his psychol-
ogy of will is a discovery on 
a par with Freud's discovery 
of the unconscious:' 

- GEOFFREY V. RAY 
TImes Literary upplement 

e N 604 $3.95 

Harper eY Row 
Papelback Dept 
10 E SJd SI . New York 10022 

TAliEA 
STITDY BREAK: 

Thi weekend catch 
our smile to the s now, 
the sun or a little 
home cooking. We're 
PSA. And we fl y to 
more major airport in 
California than any 
other airline. 

VISTA volunteers serve In all 50 states, 
Pueno Rim. the VirgIn l.Jand:" Warn. and 
AIrerican Sruroa Vol unteers work with 
low-mcome groups whose major purpose 
is to Increase the vOIce f poor people In 
the deCISion-rna long pr esses of a com-
munity. The problems of r people are 
the problems of each of us 

If you're a Senior with interests in Social cie nce o r 
Ed ucation , add a year of Vista to your life. 
Application and information April 17 10 a m to 
Noon in the Career Planning and P lacement Office. 

Go 
FOR 'I 'HE (;OLD. 

Whatever your 
aims in this life, 

make the most 
of every day. 
Go for the Gold. 

Wag s, <J Ion . seem to he only 
Pd l't of lh prohlem. " Th rl'a r 

" I\\ay~ job ' al the low!.!r l'nd of 
I hl' w a g ' s(' ale ." sa id Eli 
(; Ill l. hf" ' g . it 11 ('(' onom ics 

Ginzberg predIcted the 
problem of job quality will 
develop by 1990 into an 
important one the nation must 
address. By that time. he said, 
youth - who normally expect 
only low-paying, unskilled jobs 
- wi 11 decline as a proportion of 
the work for e bccau e of 
dec lining birth rate ' in the 
1960 and 1970 . But the 
proportion of women will 
incre(l e , and a they become 
m orc perman nt participa nt 
in the world of work . they " will 
b' se 'king good j bs a nd a 
('a reer. not just Ll ny job." he 
"" rote in a r ecent iss ue or 
Sdc'ntifi(' Amc' rican . .. If thi s 
for '('as l PI'O\ t' . to h ' (,OIT 'l' l. 
th., ,1I·" ilabilll y 01 gO(lciJ ob~ will 
hl'(,Ol1ll' " l'('nt ra l, sslII' of (Jllhl i(' 

])nli t ,~, " 

The Golden kerof Danish Kings. 



Mark Stapler . 
Beer Pub politics 

The Beer Pub, which is proposed to share Building C of the 
Student Center with a Future Foods Restaurant, has become a 
focal point of the AS presidential elections. It seems that both Muir 
AS Representative Gary Moser and Student Center Board chair 
John Jenkel- two of several expected presidential candidates -
plan to use the Pub as an election issue. 

As such, neither Moser nor Jenkel wants anyone but himself to 
receive any credit for the installation - albeit a delayed 
installation, sometime next yea r - of a drinking establishment on 
campus. 

Late last quarter, the Triton Times ran an article on the PUb, 
and quoted Moser extensively. After all , he has been instrumental 
in the maneuvering behind getting the Pub here. Tile article , 
however, upset Jenkel, who thought - rather reasonably, it must 
be added - that any story on the Pub should include coments from 
him , as SeB chair. Jenkel thought the story gave all the c redit for 
the Pub to Moser. 

Last week , we ran an update on· the Pub, telling of various 
hassles which have delayed opening of the facility until next year, 
This story quoted Jenkel extensively . The day that story 
appeared, a couple of Moser-supporters wandered into the Triton 
Times office, to complain that the facts Jenkel gave us were 
wrong. They, obviously, thought Jenkel shouldn't get all credit for 
the Pub. 

I can't find it within myself to blame J enkel or Moser for wanting 
to use the Pub as a campaign issue. (Although it would be nice to 
know the facts behind the story - that is, who's right: Moser, 
Jenkel or someone else?) After all , it appears there will be a 
definite paucity of meaty issues in the upcoming campaign. 

Sure, there are a lot of important things going on, things the 
candidates should be quizzed about. But how many students are 
going to get excited about UC investments in companies active in 
South Afrie£!, or the Academic Senate's academic dishonesty 
policy, or the survival of the Communications Program. A few 
hundred students, at best, will get behind.a candidate because of 
those issues. 

But beer ... now there's an issue that will draw out the all-
important dorm vote. Who would use the Pub mostof all? And who 
votes in the greatest number? Right, in both cases - the people 

. who live here, the dormies. 
So I can't blame the two candidates for wanting to claim the Pub 

as their own creation . But I can blame some other people- people 
who are criticizing the TT for being taken in by Jenkel and Moser 
in their quests for ink, for publicity, for name-identification. 

These people seem to feel Jenkel and Moser are using the Pub 
only as a media event, designed mainly to gain publicity. Possibly. 
But we would not have run the stories quoting the two candidates if 
they were just media events, totally devoid of any news value. 

Our stories on Moser and Jenkel have been legitimate and 
important. One story was on a hassle between Muir College 
students and the Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs. 
Two stories have been on the Pub .. and two more have been on the 
parking fee raise. It hasn ' t been as if a candidate posed with an 
exotic animal, or held a $5-a-plate lunch or something like that. 

This does lead to a very important question, though: How should 
we cover candidates in events not directly related to the campaign 
(although some would say everything is related to the campaign) ? 
This is a common dilemma for all members of the media . Some 
newspapers have gone as far as to measure the amount of space 
that they devote to each candidate, and make sure the coverage 
remains exactly equal. 

Another common dilemma - in two-party politics, as opposed to 
llCSD - is the coverage given to third-party candidates. Should 
such candidates be given the same coverage as the " major" 
candidates? No? Who's to say the " minor" candidates aren't as 
des .rving of coverage? They aren' t as popular in the polls? Maybe 
that' s just because of the lack of media coverage? Who's tosay for 
sure? 

Evidently, election coverage is a thorny problem. In fact, it's a 
problem that perplexes and divides greybread journalists. And 
we' re students, newtojournalism , notthirty-yearveterans. We' re 
bound to make some mistakes. 

Just like the AS. 

Letters to th~ editor 

triton times Fnday.Apn, 14. 117. 

Job quality relates to 
U.S. unemployment picture 

bv Paul Rosenstiel executive director of the every job c reated in higher 
Pa'cific News Service Nevada Employment Security paying industries, 13 people 

(Editor's note: This article is Department , said. " The entered the labor force . . 
the second of a two-part PNS situa.tion in Nevada is not.one of " The solu~ion, of course, IS to 
series exploring some of the unskIlled workers rcfusmg to ":lakt;, the. Job~ '!lore alt~ac­
hidden factors behind Amer- take low -paying Jobs . but tlve, said WIlham Paple~ . 
ica's unemployment problem rather not staying with the job research chief for the OhIO 
with which the Administra- (or very long . As such , high Bureau of Employment Ser-
tion's new urban policy will turnover is a contributing vices. Many other economists 
have to grapple,) factor to unemployment. " and employment experts <lgree 

Like tens of millions of other The same is true throughout that the creation of good jobs 
Americans , 21 -year-old San the country. TheSouthCarolina is necessary to combat 
Franciscan DO-nald Jacob Employment Security Com- unemployment. especially 
thought he understood the mission, for example. report amo ng unskilled, minority , 
unemployment problem . It high turnover in the state' young and women workers. 
was, he thought, the difference many low - paying sewing Much of the job turnover is 
between the number of jobs machine operator jobs. dictated by financi al necessity . 
available a nd the number of .. A lot of times someone will 
people who want to work. Paul Rosenstiel is a specialist take a low paying)~~ just t~ se' ~ 

But in the last few years on urban unemployment for the !f they can make It, ,e~p!am.s a 
Donald Jacob 's strategy for fou 'ndation - funded Third Job .place.m,ent offtcla. With 
finding work has demonstrated Century America Project, Cal I fornla s Employment 
that another factor - a Development Department. 
continuing sharp decline in job " High unemployment rates " but often they don ' t last 
quality - may be offsetting the have forced some workers to because they ca':lnot s!lPPO~,t 
recent national growth in the take jobs at a lower pay skill themselves or their fal1:lIh~s . 
number of jobs. level than they previousl y . ThegrowthoflowpaymgJob 

" I once had a job paying$2 .30 held," said Raymond Thorne, IS al~o central to the mush-
an hour, and I quit it for the administrator of the Employ- ~oomlDg welfare roles , ~ccord­
simple reason that it was.9:' t ment Division of the Oregon ' In g to J 0 s e p h C a II fan 0 . 
paying enough ," he said . Department of Human Re - secretary ofthe Department of 
" Eventually I fO'Jnd something sources. Health, Education and Wel-
better. " Now unemployed Another exacerbating factor fare . "We have this image of 
again, Jacob is broke and ready has been the 'concentration of somebody on welfare sitting 
to take any job he can get. But if new job growth in the lowest back in a rocking chair, not 
it pays poorly, he insisted, ''I'll paying industries. Between working," he said in a recent . 
keep looking for something 1970 and the end of 1977 , interview. " Most work , but 
better at the same time." according to US Labor Depart- they don 't earn enough to keep 

When workers such as Jacob ment figures , 89 percent of themselves above the subsis-
move constantly from one low- private sector new-job growth tence level , and so they need to 
paying, dead-end position to occurred in three industries _ supplement their income with 
another, many economists and trade: service: and finance , welfare," 
employment counselors warn , insurance and real estate. The Job growth in tile higher 
an increase in such jobs may average weekly wages in these paying industries did accele-
merely substitute bad work for areas run about 20 percent rate in 1977 but much of the 
no work . below the average foralljobs in improvement was due to a 

Lawrence McCrac ken , the nation. In those years, for (Please turn to page 3) 

Saltman's "solutions" mere appeasements 
Editor: 

Paul Saltman 's "solutions" to the 
tremendous overcrowding present 
in Dr. Wright's Soc ology 157 class 
are mere appeasetndnts to a ngry 
and frustrated stuceQts concerned 
with the slaughter "f the Sociology 
Department. Full) aware of the 
long waiting lists :or both of Dr. 
Wright's courses, Dr. Saltman did 
nothing in advance to alleviatt: lht: 
problem. Faced w th sparse. dull 
co u r s e 0 rr e r i nt' s tau g h t by 
basically unconcenoo prufessors. 
students had no chtiCJ! but to make 
standing-room-onl)- <frowds trying 
to add Dr. Wright'~ cOurses. 

I fail to see why 've had to resort 
to our " demonstration" to prompt 
Or . Saltman to rind a larger 
classroom. Had a room been round 
when it was evident that the d"s 
would be so popular. there wou ld 
have be n no h<l rd fl'elinl!so r a nger 
on the part of the students . We 
woulef have eong ra tula tt'd our· 
/It'lvcs un gt!tting Dr '.,.,' ,'; .':: ·s <:IiI~' 
<t nd would not h.,\ t' t'o nn'rncli 
our ' I VI' . With the rcsjXJnslollit,· 01 
knowillg whu tel spt'ak...lo ,,'hpn 

situations as this one arise . We 
would have been as complacent as 
our science major counterpa rts 
who ex press amazement at our 
inability to get classes . It eems 
they have litlle trouble rilling their 
schedules. 

Perhaps Dr. Saltma n <tnd the 
Sociology Depa rtment hilve done us 
a fa vor by shaking us out uf our 
contentment with the .. ystem:' 
We are no longer willing to take 
what bones the department chooses 
to throws at us . The time has come 

for Sociology and related majors 
to takea critical'ookatdeDartment 
policies. It is time to ha \'e the 

university for us , beca use without 
the students. the choul would ce<tse 
to exist. As long as we sit back 

quietly Dr. Wright, Dr. Ngubo, Dr. 
Blumberg and Dr. Mehan will only 
be four more names on the list of 
casualties in the dying Sociology 
Dt!partmenl. 

ROBYN IIAl.E 

What to do with Third Snack Bar? 
Editor: 

1 n the past five months meeting with students at Third College have been 
proceeding smoothly. Topic: Wh ... t to do about L ... cklusler Third College 

nack Ba r . Issues had been ra ised about the poor merehilndising on the 
part of the snack. It wa nol <tppetising to set' sandwil'hes di splaYl'd in 
celophane. Prewrapped sandwiches did not ... ppeal 10 the students ur 
raculty and staff thaI were eating a t the facility . Now thoS(.' \.lrepackaged 
items ca n be obtained down tairs <It the !'.tun 'hbux wh,'n' there is a 
diHerent need . Thilt of gr<lboillg a qukk bite tn ,';oll>l.' lwl.ocn daSl'~ and lor 
those who just don ' t t .... "e the lime 10 sl)t!nd willting r"r;on Ih'\1I Ill adc til 
order. 

t :pstLl lrs at th ' SlIa" k Bar Ih J"l' W;lS a derinllt' nPl'd r,. , 01 IIll'\lU and 
merl::;I ncilsing f<.tl'l, ltft . OllinJ(lI1 was th.,t thl'rl 1.ll'kt'(\ illl' IIll1q ue 
('hara (' tt'r lIMt TJlln! nlocli 'd til ;o llr"tt dll'ntell' III 1111' Snack Shllp 

lIlIll'l hing hol(! to 'l\' "rC<l tl't! th ;,t "1I1111i gill' ThH'ot Sn,l( k liar ils 111411 
f1 i1VM :-'I.,n~· 1(1t·;,· \\\'1\' fOllnd 11"11111 1"1'1..\ ', S l1 ,wk Bar "pt'ra l,on Wh,,' 

we ,lacked was a really gooct grinder sandwich shop. One which had a 
vartety. of meat and cheese products along with the possibility or the 
expansIon to torpedo sandwiches, The complaints before aroae from the 
f.aet that the previous merchandising techniques were Just not appealln,. 
~o nllw with the grand opt'ning April 3 a new look has emer,ed fl'9m the 
Sn~lc k 

Sundwlt'he ' lIladt!-to·ortier. an improved satad bar. and new peflOnnel 
ha"c ilLocn adefed . Still many improvements ran be made and the Itudent fa~'lIlt} and sta ff mput is needed . Suggestion i that you ,ive the Third 
Snul'k a try . I a lll slIre you 14'ilI agree that the chan,t! made are an 
IIl1l1n" l' lIIellt UIII! hopl'fully ~'our insight will provide more improvements 
tt) IIwk,' Thlnl Slwlk Ihe II1li4Ul' Snal'k Shop that initial chanle have 
hl'!(Un III pm\ lilt ' 

PAUL A. TRH'INO 
Sludt'nl I n\l'rn. lI<lullinl( and t' ooc! Admlni. trallon 

Frldlly, Apnl 14. 1178 triton times 

Opinion 
More letters 
Will Wright's_ classes are 
"worthwhile and popular" 

EditIJ r: 
Dr Wright is one of the few 

worthwhile profe 'sors remaining 
In the t.: SO Sociology Department 
lind it i ' for thi r il on that his 
dasses ;.Ire ex treme ly popul 'lr . 
Li ke many other professor at this 
unive rsily . he has b ('n deni ed 

Is UCSD 
distaff? 
Editor: 

It seems that we are beginning to 
get a bit paranoid about this equal 
opportunity business, Admittedly 
there are comparatively fe w 
fema le college presidents , But 
here, at UCSD, the great majority 
of the administrative staff is 
compo ed of women . There are. as 
of my la t count, some 15· college 
organization devoted to and run by 
women (probably with no male 
members :11 <III) . whereas [ have 
been unable to discover il ingle 
club or ociet}' with exclusively 
men as members. I this becoming 
a di. ta ff university~ Should we 
adopt. <IS our mascot. a cow~ 

GIANNA OSCURO 

Jobs ... 
(Continued from page [) 

harp upturn in the construc-
tio n industry , where skill 
require ments and large 
num bers of jobless union 
members barred most lesser 
skilled worker from compet-
ing for the jobs. 

Throughout the 1970s the 
need to find better paying jobs 
grew more urgent as average 
earnings in the lower. paying 
industries failed to keep pace 
with inflation . From 1972, when 
inflation .began accelerating, 
u ntil the end of 1977, the 
purchasing power of wages in 
low-paying industrie grew l2 
pe r ce nt slower than the 
consumer price index , while 
wa ge in higher paying 
in du s tries grew 5 perce nt 
fa ter . By 1975 , 3 .9 million 
workers in the prime working 
ages of 20 to 64 worked full -time 
nnd earned under $5 ,000 -
below lhe poverty line for a 
fami ly of four . 

Ma ny fa milies have tried to 
b 'a t inflation by having 
two members work while many 
others truggle on as before , 
but aga in · t great r odds , 
" There's no question that many 
pcopl who are working a t 
minimum wage jobs a re the 
so le wage ea rner s in Ihc 
fami ly." sai d Ja k Knrlin , 
rese;m:h dircl'tor for the liS 
D(' pa l'ltn 'nt f Labor". Em-
ployment 31andal'ds Adminis-
tra lion . 

tenure , and for what reason" 
Slud nts clamor inte his cIa ses 

every Qua rter acknowledging the 
Jll <ln's t <.Iehing kill . Prcsently, 
hundreds of st udents areon wil iting 
list for Dr. Wright"s fin,,1 cou rs 
orreri ng s . Ohvi ous ly teaching 
abi lil Y unci student opinion <Ire of 
little va lue on thiS campus as both 
are igoored during tenure review. 

A students. we a re manipula ted 
into acce pting these condition 
while los ing ma ny of our best 
profes ors. With a tenure boa rd 
se tt Ing tandards a~ \0 who will 

become fuil professor , people of 
va rying ideas and beliefs a re fired . 

Thi s y t em does ,not orrer 
students an education, but , rather. 
tl fac tory setting. A conformist 
philosophies are sought a fter and 
maintained, originali ty dies. We 
are being handed one·dimensiona l 
beliefs as people with differing 
idea ls are exc luded from our 
system. As eSD students, we are 
bei ng programmed, processed and 
sent out into society eminently 
qua lified to fit into the s ta tu quo. 

JEN Y HAWKINS 

Brilliance recognized? I A hARPER 
EdItor: 

The statement by Paul Saltman PAPERI3AC1{ 
in Monday 's TT regarding tenure, 
"The bums are bums and nobody 
bother with them : brilliance is 
brilliance and eve rybody recogni· 
zes it. " is reflectiv e of th e 
di honest, narrowminded attitudes 
genera lly held by those who ma ke 
tenure decisions on this campu . 

Brilliance of len time goes unrec-
ognized . but an even adder s itua-
tion is when brill ia nce i recognized 
but refused a place to expre be· 
call e it wants to express differing 
views from those in power. 

DENISE PEEK 

profes or at Columbia UOIver-
it y a nd ha irm a n of Ihe 
atio n a l Commiss ion for 

Manpowe r Policy. " What may 
be new," he said. " i the 
tremendolls amount of growth 
in the service sector with many 
small employers ." Thiscrea tes 
.. difficulties in piecing together 
a sequence for upward mobility 
a nd therefore a lot of the e 
people really get trapped in 
these lousy jobs." 

If, for example , there 's a 
union a mong waiters, Ginzberg 
a id , that places its members in 

better and better jobs on the 
basis of eniority and exper-
ience , a waiter starting out at a 
small luncheonette can even-
tually expect something better, 
But such arrangements ra rely 
exist in the service indu trie . 

As a result the only place for 
thou ands of service workers to 
go i to the un mployment line, 

lying~ despair~ 
jealousy, envy~ 

sex~ suicide, 
drugs, and 

the good life 
LESLIE H. 
FARBER 

"In my view ... he is the most 
Original thinker in his field 
since Freud, and his psychol-
ogy of will is a discovery on 
a par with Freud's discovery 
of the unconscious:' 

- GEOFFREY V. GRAY 
nmes Literary Supplement 

eN 604 $3.95 

Harper etJ Row 
Paperback Depl 
10 E 53d $1 . New York 10022 

Page 3 

TAIiEA 
STtJDY BREAK: 

In 
Service 
'Ib • Amenca 

Thi weekend catch 
our smile to the snow, 
the un or a Ii ttl 
home cooking. We're 
PSA, And we fly to 
more major airports in 
California than any 
other airline . 

VlST A voIunteen.!>efVe in all 50 tates, 
Pueno Rico. the Virgin l<Jands, Guam. and 
Arreric.an 1003 Voluntee~ work "'1th 
low-income groups whose major purpose 
IS (0 Increase (he voice of poor people In 
(he deCls,on-makong processes of a com-
munity. The problems of r people are 
the problems of each of us_ 

If you're a Senior wi th intere t in Social Science or 
Education , add a year of Vi ta to your life. 
Application and information April 17, 10 am to 
Noon in the Career Planning and Placement Office. 

Go 
FOR'I'HE 
GOLD-

Whatever your 
aims in this life, 

make the most 
of every day. 
Go for the Gold. 

Wagcs.a lone,:c mtoh only 
IJilrt of the problem . "Thcrl' () re 
.l 1\lays jobs a t th 'lowel' (' nd of 
thl' wag' sca l " .. sa id Eli 
(; I n I, h f' , . g . a II t ' ('o n o III 1(' s 

Ginzberg predi c ted th e 
problem of job qu a lity will 
dev e lop by 1990 into an 
important one the nation must 
address . By that time, he aid , 
youth - who normally expect 
only low-paying, un killed jobs 
- will decline as a proportion of 
the work force becau se of 
dec lining birth rate ' in the 
1960 s and' 1970 s . But the 
proportion of wom 'n will 
increase , a nd as Ih 'Y b 'come 
more permanent partici pants 
in Ihe world of work , they " will 
he seeking good jobs 'and a 
('aree r , not just tiny job." hl' 
"rotc in a re<.:ent i ' su ' or 
SC'it'ntifi<- Am('rican . ,. If this 
fUi"t,(·,, ·t pro" s lu ht' ('(1 1' 1" 'l't. 
tIll' ,,\";lil .. bilil~ of gouctjob:- Will 
h 'conH.' (I ,'('ntl'al issm' (If J)llhlk 
\><Jli l'Y .. 

The Golden 8eerof Danish Kings. 



If you're a enior with a major or minor in the ciences or 
engineering a.nd you're .interested in learning a language and 
travel. we're IOtere ted 10 you. Applications and information 
A 17, 10 am to Noon in the Career Planning and Placement 

Walk on Down!! 
NEW WORLD RECORD CO. 

.=.., 

.ca:UJ 
3211 Holiday Court 

La Jolla Phone: 455-5580 
at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 

entry street to La Jolla Village Inn 

CHECK OUT OUR 
$1.00 OFF SALE 

Offer good from April 10th to 30th 

. Store Hours - Open 7 Days 
Mon-Fn: 10 to 9:30 pm Sat: 10 to 7 pm Sun: 1110 5 pm 

SPECIAL AUTO 
Insurance Rates for 

COLL GE STUDENTS 
INSURANCE CENTER 

276·9261 

triton times Frtcllly, AprIl 1., 1171 

Jarvls-Gann to get national exposure· 
"60 Mi.nutes" covers debate 

by Laura Richter 
News Edhor 

Tempers reached the danger level 
Wednesday evening, and Mandeville 
auditorium became a human pressure cooker 
for both sides during the debate between 
Howard Jarvis and Larry Kapiloff over the 
Jarvis-Gann initiative. The controversy was 
there, and so was CBS' 60 Minutes, 

Producer Harry Moses and his three crew 
members filmed the debate as part of a feature 
on how the initiative will affect California, with 
a focus on San Jose, which was named as a 
representative city by both Jarvis and Chuck 
Winter, the central opponent of the measure. 

Morley Safer, the correspondent for the story, 
was not present at the debate. 

In a Triton Times interview, Moses said that 
the Jarvis-Gann controversy warranted the 
coverage because of its "national ramifica-
tions." Said Moses, "It could be the start of a 
nation-wide tax reyolt." 

The reason for concentrating on an individual 
city is that "$7 billion is too unwielding a figure" 
and that a more concrete approach would be to 
study the possible effects on the economy of an 

in~ividual California city, said Moses, who is 
dOlOg all of the research for the report. 

While the UCSD event is being used as an 
example of the state-wide debate over the 
Jarvis-Gann initiative, the feature will also 
include portions of a broadcast in which Jarvis 
was guest on the George Putnam show of KIEV 

. radio in Los Angeles. Janet Gray Hayes, mayor 
of San Jose, and Joe McNamara, San Jose chief 
of police, have been interviewed on tape telling 
what they believe will be the effects of the 
measure. 

McNamara said that his budget, which is 
roughly one quarter of the $116 million city 
budget, would be cut-back 20 percent, as would 
the $116 million, according to Moses. 

McNamara reportedly stated that the city 
"would not be safe," citing an increase in police 
response time, as well as a shut-down of the 
neighborhood crime unit and the rape 
prevention program. 

Moses said that Hayes felt that "the quality of 

life would diminish," but that the passage of the 
initiative would not mean "absolute disaster." 
Hayes said that all the branch libraries would 
probably have to shut down, along with the 
senior food service, meaning that "it's not going 
to be as pleasant living there." according to 
Moses. 

Correspondent handles inlervipws 
Moses said that it is the producer's job, of 

which 60 Minu&es " has 19 full-lime , to direct the 
field crew and supervise the editing . 
Occasionally, they do their own research. The 
function of the correspondent. said Moses, is to 
do the major interviews and, in this case, to 
write a list of Qu~stions with the producer. 

"With 110 news stories per year, they don't 
have time to do everything," stated Moses. 

At 32 years old , the dapperly dressed , 
personable producer has been working with 60 
~inules , ~hich has an average of 33 million 
VIewers, since 1973, and has produced such 
stories as "Why is Farrah Smiling," telling of 
the licensing industry and giving names to' 
products, " Talk to the Animals," dealing with 
experiments in communicating with apes, and 
"The _Heart You Save," which explored 
conventional treatments for heart conditions. 

Moses has also produced two programs 
dealing with cocaine trafficking: " The Castro 
Connection" and "The Cocaine Memorandum." 

Previously, Moses served as a producer of 
Metro Media TV, a producer for Drew 
ASl'ociates (during which he was responsible for 
several Bell Telephone Hours) , producer of 
documentaries for PBS, NET, BBC and Metro 
Media ,. president of Harry Moses productions, 
executlve producer for the American Program 
Bureau , executive producer for Motorola 
Teleprograms, and producer fort e Bill Moyers 
Journal through PBS. 

Of the Jarvis-Gann story, which is to be aired' 
sometime before June 4, Moses said that he has 
gathered "terri fic material," and that " [ don 't 
see how we can miss." He fel! that it will 

prob~bly be a " longish" story, and that th£ 
emotIOn and anger of those concerned with the 
initiative has generated an interesting subject. 

Jarvis-Gann ... 
JOHN MUIR COLLEGE WEEK 

April 16-23, 1978 
(Continued from page I) 

d~fender of private property 
rights: . 

"A free country is one in 
which private property i the 
basic right .. . The most impor-
tant extension of human rights 
is the right to private property. 
The rights to life, liberty and 
property were what this 
country was founded on." 

In recognition of John Muir's birthday (April 21, 
1838) the week of April 1&-23 has been 
devoted to all Muir College students. There 
wi.II be a skating party, an evening with 

Mlcha~1 Dean (famous hypnotist), movies, a 
~aby plctur~ and trivia contest (with prizes), 
live entertainment, noon concert with cake 
and ice cream for all and an afternoon of 
good band music, So come have fun with us! 
For more INFO contact PAGE ONE in the lower 
Muir Commons: M-F 10-5, M-Th 7-10, Sunday 7-10 
or call 452-2167. 

Sponsored by: Muir Proll'am Board, Muir Coll8le 
CouncilL Muir Res. Hall CouncilL PAGE 0tIE. 

Kapiloff, on the other hand 
said big business would benefit 
Crom Proposition 13 much more 
than would the people. " Bus-
iness will do well under the 
Propo ition, " said K apiloff. 
" Buildings wouldn ' t be 
a sessed except when sold or 
improved. Corporations like 

an Diego Gas and Electric and 
Ma Bell don 't u ually sell their 
property . People do . Guess 
where the shift in tax burden 
will be in about ten years?" 

According to Kapiloff , the 
Jarvis initiative will also take 
aWay any ' Iocal control of 
communities, because of the 
provision that gives sole power 
for tax collection to country 
government, which would then 
allocate the revenues. 

" Each community would 
have to rely completely on the 
country government for all its 
money," Kapiloff said . 

Kapiloff also said Passage of 
the proposition would "stifle" 
the government 's efforts to 
help people through various 
human care services. because 
its two-thirds vote provision for 
tax hi~es would give power to 
one-third of either legislative 
house. 

" This initiative would turn 
power over to 14 con ervative 
Senators or '1.7 conservati ve 

~ semblymen ... The special 
I~terests in t~is state can easily 
tIe up one-thIrd of the legis la-
tur ," Kapilofr said. 
. !n a~ w r to charges his 
InItiatIve would have di sas-
trous effects on goverum ntal 
s rvic like schools and policc 
and r.ire prote tlOn, JarvIs sa Id 
leading conomi ts hav' tole! 

(Plt'aM' turn tu pugl' ;) 1 

Frlde,.Apn, 14, 1178 

Jarvis, Kaplloff debate ... 
I {'untinupd from pal!l' ~ 
him I h i nil i a t 1\' e I C (I v e s 
:Hit'qua te funding [or such 
sc rn ces . 

:\ s for S c' h 001 s. h l' S;.11 e! . 
" What 's going to happen WIth 
~chool I<lXC, has nothing 10 do 
WIth Prol)('sitl\)IJ 13. SC'hools ;tr(' 
nol . mentioned at all in Ihl' 
proposition ... 

,lard. suie!lhestateConsLitll -
lion pro\'ides thiJt schools will 
ha v first ca ll on stule tux 
revenues 

Kupilof{ replied to this by 
sayi ng that if tax revenues are 
cut drustically. as they would 
be under Proposition 13, the 
sc hool 's first call on them 
would be cut corre pondingly 

One oC KapilofL major 

Nutrltionist. •. 
(l'ontinuf'd from pagl' I ) 
reasons. But an administrative 
heC:lring officer ruled the firing 
invalid and ordered him re-
instated. 

Soon afterward, Bradfield 
sa id, Alcorn told him, "We're 
going to make your life hell 
here." Alcorn has denied he 
ever said that. 

Since then, BrC:ldfield said. 
AES has blocked all eight 
research projects he proposed, 
including several for which he 
had already arranged outside 
funding. and kept him from 
:lttending 13 conferences, at 
some of which he had been 
scheduled to speak. 

The research proje('ts 
included a study of the health 
and nutrition of minority 
infants in Lo Angelcs . and a 
tudy of the effects of nutrition 

education on families in the San 
Joaquin Valley. 

- He was fired in January , 
1977, after AES had intercepted 
his mail. spied on him, taken 
away his litle. and ordered him 
to ·top all teaching a nd 
research on nutrition. 

Bradfield aid. AES opened 
and copied mail to him a early 
a 1967. A lawsuit he filed 
turned up an outgoing letter 
that wound up in a dean's office 
in 1976. 

AES Associate Director 
Jerom~ Siebert has said that, 
for a time in 1976 when 
Bradfield wa on sick leave for 
what doctors called work-
related stress, he ordered all 
letters from Bradfield 's office · 
routed through his offices. 

When Bradfield complained, 
AES Administrative Director 
Warren Schoonover replied in a 
February, 1976, letter. ' It is 
assumed that ny mail ad -
dressed to a university 
em ployee at a university 
address is university business, 
unless the employee indicates 
otherwise." • 

Bradfield's suit also un-
covered a memo from Siebert 
to Schoonover SayiOl!. "I'd be 

objections 10 the Propol-ilion is 
that it prohihits Wxe: on the 
sa le 01 prop'rty; 'Tnner Ihi 
initi:JlI\·(' . the legislature ('an 
raise lux'S on ood . on 
medictn '. on trip!'> 10 thl' doctor 
and on l'cnters. Bill we ran 
IIl'\'el' tax the landllJl'd~ . 1 
Iwlt('\,(, that's di ~C'I'im ill:tl()r\' 
; lrld wrong (jnd nol somel hing 
W(' wanl til put in our (;onstitu· 
tion ., 

[n rcply . . Jarvis s<Jid . " Why 
should we have to -PilY sales 
taxes on houses" [{hink thiJl's a 
trick by the legislature to . teal 
money from us so we won't gel 
any avings on taxes. Why, it 's 
unAmerican to charge -ale. t:lx 
on houses." 

On other subjects relating to 
Ilitercsted in seeing all the 
c'or rc spo nden('e the cou nty 
slilff have been sending to his 
homc." 

Insj.)cctor Jim PItkin of the 
lOS Postal Service said in an 
int('r\' iew that documt'nts 
Bradf iel d showed him con -
vinl'cd him that Bradfield 's 
mail had been interce pted 
without his permission. at least 
during 1975. although no federal 
law was violated because the 
mail had already been de-
li\'ered to the university. 

Carrie McCrae, who then was 
Bradfield ' s secreta ry . says 
AES Associate Director Ann 
Burroughs went to his office in 
August. 1976, a week before he 
was due to return , and ordered 
her to unlock an office where 
his non-AES files and mail were 
stored. 

After the papers were spread 
on a desk. Ms. McCrae said, 
" he ordered me 10 open all the 
mail and send over to her any 
mC:lil I could not deal with ." 

In mid ovember , AES 
personne l Director Kendal 
Engelund lold Ms. Burrough 
in a memo that firm treatment 
was needed becau Bradfi Id 
would not follow direcl ions. 

H e aid Bra d fi e I d was 
"cngaging in activitie ' of hi 
choosing " such as t(jking law 
clas e and editing the journal 
- which Bradfield aid were 
both officially designated as 
parI of hi job. 

~Ieven days later , Ms . 
Burroughs sent Bradfield a 
memorandum forbidding him 
to do any teaching or research 
in nutrition , meet with nutri-
tion teachers, edit the nl,ltrition 
journal during work hours, or 
leave the state. 

She also ordered him to give 
her a weekly written plan of his 
activities for eac h day , 
including evening and week-
ends, and keep a log of his 
activities hour by hour. 

The memo said Bradfield 
was to spend most of his time in 
support of home advisers and 
county-based programs - "to 
become a home economist, " as 
he de cribed it. 

We don't have John 
Muir on our staff. · · 

But we de have a let of naturalists almost as geod. 
If you'd like to spend two, three or five days in 
Yesemite studying birds, trees, reeks, glaciers, 
flewers, stars, Indians, meadows, reptiles, amphi-
bians or go on a slx·day field trip into the Clark 
Range and get UCB Extensien credit, let us know. 
We'll send you a catalog ef the field classes we're 
offerinQ this summer. 

triton times 

the ProJ)c)slllOn: 
- Kapiloff 'aid its " confusing 

and ~loPfJY languagc nwke it :l 
1.1 " Y t' r . S fJ ;1 1'<1 Ii i ~. .. 1/ e 
pl't'di( ' lcd passage of the 
Pl'oJ.losltiol1 would ('; I\I S(' year 
or l('g,11 hal t 1(-" 11 \'('1' illt(,I'J.lI'Cl<i -
lioll!'.ol It:-. l'ln~ll; l gl ' 

- Jarns :.aid he hus a new 
ilmendlllent planned if the 
I gislature rai e sales or 
property taxes to m"ke up the 
I'e\'cnue lost under it. "The 
amendnwnt would freeze sales 
and income ulxes as of .Jan. 1. 
1979 und if legislators try to 
raise tho. e laxes we ' ll be 
fJassing petitions to get it on the 
1141 1I(1I ... 

Bradfield refused, though he 
said the restriction were 
implemented anyway. 

His laboratory equi pment 
was moved to a basement in 
late 1976. On Jan. 7 Bradfield 
was having it moved back 
upstair when a file cabinet Cell 
on his back. 

He still wears neck and back 
braces, and said doctors 
describe his back injuries' as 
permanent. 

Five days later, wllile he was 
still in the hospital , he was 
fired . The official reasons were 
misuse of vacation and sick 
leave, and failure to respond to 
administrative requests . 

The tentative settlement was 
reached this March, during a 
recess in Bradfield's appeal 
hearing. 

(Court"y 01 AP a.rbl.y.) 

PHOTO 
SUPPLIES 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 
UCSOBudpt 

Numbers Accepted 

Applications fOf 

Editor and Managing Editor 
( lot ' 78-'7? sdlool lleor on the Triton nmes) 

Due by Wed., April 26 
form. may be pkked up on IT oIfIc. 

BELLA ABZUG 
speaking on: 

International Women's Year 
April 25, Tuesday. 8:00 p,m. C an Die_go Box Office: 452-4559 
Mandeville Auditorium Special Group RatH on G.A., 452-4102 

UC San Diego University Events effice presents 

New York's Obie-award winning Ridiculous 
Theatrical Company in 

STAGE BLOOD 
(Hamlet with a happy ending) 

"An orgy of outrageous, lusty, sidesplitt ing nonsense -
(you'll) laugh until tears roll down your cheeks!" 

-Clive Barnes, New York Times 

Parental discretion advised 

April 21, Friday, 8:30 p.m. UCSD Box Office 452-4559 
Mandeville Auditorium Group Rates: 452-4102 
Students: $3.00, General Admission: $4.50 

,------------------------------------------: .AHmtitm: (~Jlltk CoIk.ge Sttu:knf~ ~ : 
i . HELP WANTED i 1 ' 1 
I The following position~ for next year are currentl open. and NOW is the time to apply! 11 I 
I vacancie~ will be filled during pril and May. Available po ilion are Ii ted in order of their I 
I approaching application deadlines. I 
I I 
I 1'0:-'1 rt.,:-. , ... uf Op.nlnK' \ppt. I>tadlin~ \pp!'. VIii 81 looking For People Who... I 
I I 
I I 
I HI' I I 1 I \ II \1 \I U' (U I I I Co I III. \" ,11 ~'" Phl\,,"!''' UIII .. ..:" II ,.", Inlo.:" .... ' III ' I'"'~ , .... u, ..... rtd .. ,u,",,,,nl I 

\'1 \IM' H4 (. \ , '~'I\" . ... 1",It, \ .I~' I" "'I' (,""IIIUtlll' (,' nl~1 \O,\.II.it,· dh ,,,n\o.:,nnl'lh"U!,ijlfH.'ulum 1)\(1 ' I 
1 ,'"" ,11': ", ,I . I." 111 ..... 11 .. ,:, ,41,\1 h,,,,,,'., ",Iii 10(, .. ,,1..'111 I~',III 
I ,' ::';": ',~:::, ~~,~,'~',: .,,~ :;" , .',':::':ri":,:" :~::~~::~I",,~:~~ ",,~,n' lAPU' ,'n ,.n'pu, I 
I t .. lIolh.... I 
I WI\IIII \"H( , ,ttn t.U\ · 1 Nt'· . to" pnlDl I'lm ...... \ C)lI...... In'\'t .. I III ... l1lru .. '''' .. h ·' .... U\·\.,'he~illh,·1:I .. M I 
I '" II .. ·u,II .. I"HII" 11111 ... \ .. ", 'tlkJ (",\ ' , ' II l.IIIlIIIUIIII\ ( .. nh'l ,(,,1 .. U\J .. nl' .lfllJ kl.:\t.'rk: .. Iudt:nt In I , , .... ("Uh,.,1 ~nr Kudk "II" 1U1I1II1 \ N."' ''I~ktll Ilt;-.AII r'-'11t .. ~., I 
I ,10 ·"11\,1 .· .. \' I" .... · ' 
I WI'I .... (01" •• ' I\IIM" hhht ih 

,I,'" ,'"11 I",\.I~ .,1 W ... ,Ik. " .... t,1I1" ,.11.1 
• • , 'l'I ., .I~t III •• 'IItn .. ". It ...... I""h " I" It~ 
• '10. •• l lt· .111 .. ,.111 1 1111 . ",111,"11·,·"1",,, 

• WI \ II1I I"MCI4.H \ \1 "tt'MII ,,"\ "" 
I ." " , ,'ld ',-, .. I\~\,dl ·1 ...... ,tI.1 

• ." , \ ..... ,1. \. 'I" ".I,h'l I 't.lI:, ( ,IIIliuuh,' " , 
I II \\ .1\ I' 

1'111\,1 .. ( .. Ollk'\" 
\I"" Ik.'''' K, I "r 

1111111 'Iutl I mrkl\ 
'MIt(\., !1U \tt. 
j·Io'\I ........ Olhu 
l "nlnlunll\ \ \,.,1,·, 
M. .... !t.Io.:nll»...ln · ... (Hlln 

\n.; 1~'f'kln"lhk nd (, l'Uh ·Iul . '4,lh MJ~ .... IIM I 
.. "'fo.t l.., .• ,P" '.. r t I 
t-:ttcr .... ·mc ul ",'I1I111U",1\ IIIl K(\(lk I 

II .. ,,: ~nUIf1(. ,nl..:t" ... 1 In,,~ It\( 4,fUlhl' I 
.. ,,11\ II ... · .... A\J \.ut",I,.,nfll\.",,111I .h~\t!1 ... . !I'I\I I 
,n I .. ·.un .uk.! It, " ". L ¥tllh tj:h'Uf'I I 

I ' ,"1.: '·." I~, k \. ... ...J .. I1 ... 
I t . I\ \II·I'''II .. tl l \I'IIIII" 1( ,1' 1,1 1'11I\,I .. , .. OIl"~ \\ .lIlIh,k· rnh,,\Ii.Ihl"\.;lmry\rallhrun, .. AtJ I 

P . ,. I I Ie ~ I " , I ,':U 1 '1 "~II " l .llUm"nll ' (,' n\ I h,I\,· ~'·iI" .ht1ul hi"'" III unrf"\.l' It .. I 
: c.~.' . ~ ~ '~Clti?~ I I----------------~--------------------. 



2.1~ HW)' 10J - 19-(71 4, .. 1.0714 
Sul ;an .. Inch. C' all(urnll '20" 

~' ...... -.. 
--, .... ,,,,--', 
To, 
... ..... " ... J ......... I 
.., .... raH •• _ 

JOBSI J 
We specialize in assisllng students 
obtain summer emplOyment Many 
lobs requIre little or no e.penence. 
Some jobs pay $8-$10 per hour Write 
for FREE Information STUDENT 
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE . 3504 
I .unlsman Sacramento, CA 95826 

$1.50 Students 
$2 G.A. 

UCSDBo", 
452-4559 

_.::::.-==_ ® Spo.lOrtd by F .O .P.C. 
TUESPA Y APRIL 18 

MANDEVILLE AUD. 7 & 9:30 pm 

We've 
Moved 

La Jolla 
Beauty Supply 

is now located at 
7600 Fay Ave Suite F 

(at the (orner of Fay and Kline) 

We now have a larger selection of 
beauty supplies for your convenience II 

Men-Sat. 9:00-5:00 
459-0556 

The Mesa Apartments 
for Un~ergraduates are 
accepting applications for the 
Position of Resident Advisor. 

Student~i should apply at the 
Student mployment Office. 

information contact 
at the Resiclential 

For more 
Rick Bayer 
Apartments Office, 452-2952. 
Deadline for applying is April 26, 
1978. . 

triton times 

by Tim Mackenzie 
Warren Zevon may just be ttie 

most talented singer/songwriter to 
emerge on the musical forefront in 
quite a while , with music that is 
both accessible and ttrought 
provoking. His debut LP (Warren 
Zevon) , produced by Jackson 
Browne in 1976, contained Zevon 's 
" Hasten Down the Wind ," which 
had already been the title cut for a 
Linda Ronstadt album, and two 
songs, "Carmelita " and " Poor 
Poor Pitiful Me", which appeared 
later on herSimple Dreams album . 
And with "friends" like Browne and 
Ronstadt making his work known 
in addition to his own talents , Zevon 
seemed primed fDr success . 

The recently released Excileable 
Boy cDnfirms the initial diagnosis: 
Zevon is going to be a major star. 
His music is accessible, but too 
good to be referred to as merely 
commercial. Catchy music, a solid 
backbeat and thought provDking 
lyrica l content make Exciteable 
Boy fun, even on a first listen . 

He 's good at telling a story and 
creating the image he has into his 
music. For instance, when he says 
he sees "a WerewDIf drinking a 
Pina Colada at Trader Vics, and his 
ha ir was perfect" in " Werewolves 
of London" , the image is very clear. 
Other standouts include the Irish 
fol k song " Roland the Headless 
Thompson Gunner", "Lawyers, 
Guns and Money", "Accidentally 
Like a Martyr", j ustto name a few . 
Zevon sees violence as the meat of 
the music, but he doesn 't lose his 
sense of humor. Exciteable Boy is 
rolliking good fun . 

Ellen Mcl\waine and Patti Smith 
are indivi,dualistic performers who 
a re both presently attempting 
comebacks of sorts . Mcllwaine had 
gone several years without a 
recording contract, while Smith 
spent most of 1977 recovering from 

injuries incurred from u fall during 
one of her concerts. 
Ellen Mcllwaine (United Artists) 

McIlwaine has always been an 
eccentric performer . Frnm a 
traditional folk-oriented debut with 
a group called Fear Itself to a pair 
of solo albums featu Middle 

Warrea Zevoa 
Ea t influences , she has stood out 
because oC her agressive, some-
times explosive, sinJ!:inlZ and lZuitar 
playing. Moreover, she has shown 
herself to be a gifted songwriter, as 
well as a fine interpreter of 
m ateria l like Stevie WinwDod 's 
" Can't Find My Way Home ." 

Concert Scene 
Subscription sales for 

to the top 
he record. The only other song thn I 
and out is Jesse Winchester's 
sn't That So?" It is currently in 

I:' to CDver Winchester 's song , 
few performers have the taste 

pick a rea lly good one (i.e ., from 
of his first two albums) . If 

Jlwa ine had used her usually 
e tastes in se lecting the 

.'·""''''i nde r of the material. this 
-..,il1hl have been one of the best of 

ent deluge of comeback 
As it is , Ellen Mcllwaine is 

welcome return . M.T. 
aste r - Patti SmIth Gro up' 

(Arista) 
Patti Smith' first a lbum was the 

subject of a great deal of c ritical 
clai m/ hype (much of it de -

, while her second reGeived 
st univers a l scorn (a gain 

deserved). Her third album 
just been released to perhaps 

better critical reactiDn tha n 
first . but this time the record 
sn ' t quite mCltc h up to its 
iews. 

Patti Smith . like Ellen Mcll-
aine is delibe r ate ly cD urting 

I success. Her band has 
tremendously, a nd Smith 

to cut down on the 
exce ses of her last a lbum , 

lIy acquiring whClt Ted Burke 
s " ong sense." In other words, 

of Patti 's sDngs show well-
exteriors and a grasp of 

dynamics. The best example is 
ce rtified hit , " Beca use the 
ht ". co- written by Bru ce 
ngsteen . It ' s a n impressive 

end of Smith ' s poetry and 
R;IDeclor's classic PDP roma nticism . 

is consistently under control; EaSler fa lls short of Smith 's first 
result is very similar to Ibum, however, failing to capture 
Raitt's latest efforts (very go(,.I,e excitement of the creation of a 
The songs are mostly rkable rock/ poetry synthesis . 
th ough , and worst of all poetry here is usually just that 
them was written by not really integrated with the 
" (l Gotta) Ramble . in more than a superficial 
is not surprisingly 

the La Jolla light news-
paper, Work from list of 

nonsubscribers, Earn 
excellent income - l5 per 
subscription. Late afternoon, 
early evening or weekends 

"Music From Outer Space" 
to blast Sports Arena 

each are on sale now at the Sports 
Arena BDX Office or at a ll Arena 
ugencies including Bill Gamble 's 
Men's wear stores. In addition . 
there a re choice "Golden Circle" 
St'<I\ uvai lable to benefit the 

transportation necessary. 
Apply at 7580 Fay Avenue, 

La Jolla. 

STEREO CLEARANCE HOUSE 
HAS LOWEST STEREO 
PRICE 

Pio.,., 5)(980 
Technlcl Sl1900 

Ah •• CS102D C .... n •• 
Our Free C."Jog ~ .. m.nv mof" d •• '. on 

ml,or brandl, aWln lower pnce. on our 
monlhlw special shee r Send now and lind 
OUI how 10 buy cune", .798 h.t Ip S fOf 
.389 SlfH.O Cltll.nce House OfoD' CHJ7 
1029 J toby S. JohnOlOwn P. 15902 
Phonf!l u 

For the first time . the San Diego 
Symphony Orchestra will appear in 
the Sports Arena performing 
" Music From Outer Space" in a 
spectacular concert and light show 
Monday eve ning , April 17, report 
Richard Bass , the On:hest ra 's 
gen ral manager: 

Co-promoters for the 7 pm event 
a re the Sports Arena . KPRI-FM 
and Wolf & Ri. smill r oncert of 
Los Ange les . who huvc produced 
' imilar pace-age program s in 
other rrliJjor West Coast citit's after 
iJ Hollywood Bowl dehut last 
. ovemb'r. 

l ' sing 'quijJl1lent normally s en 
,Ii nliljor roc' k {'onCl'rts. this event 
wi ll (',HUr(' ~ 1Il'h :-; pt'C'ial dfect ' usu 

la~I'r IlI'am light ~how . massive 
:-; ll'J'I'O ~IH IJJ(I !'.\ SI I'Ill <I ncl m{'kl'llng 

explosion' - elll coordinated 
computer . 

Music Director Peter Ero 
conduct the orchestra in the 
from " StCir Wars" and the 
from " ' Iose Encou nter ". 
t'om posed by John Willia 
.. Music from ZOO I : A Sp 
Ody sey" , by Richard Strau s. 
" The Planets" by Crusta' II 

This ('()ncert . which {'ond 
anllual ymphony Hadiothon 
raiSing '\' ent ()f Arril I 
rt'qui r 'S over :;0 Ions () cqui 
a ncl a {'r ' W of ZZ tt'chnkians t 
LIp and olJl'l'ah.' It. Tlwl'l' wil l be 
St' f{'t'n jJroj '{'I()J'~ (llId :.I gi 
lighling tJ'USS \\llh O\' {'J' IZO lal11 

Tlt' k, ' \s fur I he San Di 
S~' I1lJlllOn~' S . :\lusk I'rom 
SI"H'I'" (·tlIWl'l'\ al !I 7:; Ill' 8 

Yillphony Radiothon priced a t $50 
each . These are availab le by calling 
thl' orc hestra ' offic :.It 239-9721. 

The Butch Lacy String Consort 
will perform onSunday , April30 at8 
pm in the Mandeville Auditorium . 
[n addition to pianist/cDmposer 
Lacy. the String Con ort consists of 
Peter prague on guitar. Mary 
Karo on vio lin , Jim PICink on 
per(,u sion, Joanna White Dn viDlin , 
Loui OWano on viola , Je ff Rewon 
bass and Mary Lindblom on cello. 

" The ba s ic aim in getting 
logether is the ombination of two 
!TI0st intimate mllsical setti ngs, the 
J<I.zz quu rtet and th ·trlng qua rtet , 
With the ultimate ai m being to 

sa~rific none of the musicality Dr 
Intlmu y of t'ithcr." said Lacy. 

"Loot" calls for 
out-loud laughing 

by Jill Louise Bazeley 
Arls Writer 

triton times 

" Loot". now playing ut the Carter ntre Stage is the funniest 
show the G lobe Theatre has produced in a long time. Even 1. being 
the bastion of solemnity that I am . succumbed to a n out-loud laugh 
on more than one occasion , but the rest of the audience was 
positively shrieking and whinnying witn so much enjoyment that I 
wondered if they wouldn 't go hoat'se before the end of the play . 

" Loot" is about murder. bank robbery. and most importantly , 
idiocy a nd inanity . Di rector Eri c Chri tmasdescribes it as being , 
"bitter, ick Oscar Wilde." It is indeed a macabre play , but if the 
heart ever warms to dead bodie . mis ing eyeball , a nd the fall-

,out of a fermented , embalmed stomach that explodes in its special 
casket, it does so here. From the first , when the audience sees a be-
{lowered coffin center stage, there is a tendency to snicker in anti-
cipation of some g~, juicy black humor. But when the coffin is 
opened and the body of Mrs. McLeavy , disemboweled. embalmed 
and porting green eyeshadow is revealed . it is quite an occasion 
for a giggle of evi l delight. An even greater event is when her bank-

. robbe r son Hal. wishing to hide his loot in the coffin, dumps his 
" mummy" into the sideboar~, where she lands upside down with a 
clunk, the undignified position being much to, the disgust of the 
Catholic nurse who murdered her. (Nurse Fay murders the 
terminally ill Mrs. McLeavy because euthanasia is agai nst her 
religion .) The rest of the play is a game of hide and e.ek, with 
detective Truscott of the Yard unsllccess fully posing as a 
serviceman from the water works , and coming to every conclusion 
but the right one in the investigation of the case, while the other 
cha racters frantica lly scurry about in an effort to get the money 
out of England , pair up - regardless pC gender - with each other 
und give Mrs . McLeavy a "country burial." 

This production of " Loot " is an Eric Christmas tourde force. He 
directed it, and in the actions of each performer, he is there, 
playing all the roles . nlike " The Caucasian Chalk Ci rcle", 
recently produced in the John Muir Theatre, " Loot" exhibits 
Christmas' zaniness to the full: he takes great liberties with the 
audi nce, defying modern dramatic technique , and leading the 
onl ookers si lliness by sla pstick to the very brink of credibility. The 
remarkable aspect of Chris tmas' directing is that he never goes 
over the edge - he dangles his production close to it , he toys with 
his audience, but few things ever go too far . As I sat watching his 
show , I dreamptl hea rd , beneath the incessant patter of dialogue, 
a sinister guffaw issue from the mind of the omnipresent director. 
" Loot" is Christmas' lZame - a piece of well-played lunacy of 
which he is the indisputable master. (Please turn to page 11) 

Tickets, $2 for UCSD students 
a nd $3 general admission, can 
be purchased at the Box Office. 

Page 7 

THE 
MIDAS TOUCH 

24 Carat Charms 
for your nails 

Easy to Apply 
Can be used again and again 

Pkg. of 3 only $2.79 
Village Beauty Supply 

SOPHOMORES JUNIORS 
FLIGHT PLAN FOR YOUR FUTURE WITH AVROC 

(Aviation Reserve Officer Candidate) A Colleie Pr0ilam of the Navy 
Will you start out as a professional in the field of YOUI choice riKilt after coll!ie? Or 
like so many others these days, will you be fOlced to find just any old job until the 
one you've . been educated lor comes alolll? 
SUppose on the other hand you could step immediately into a (ood-payilll ($12,500) 
to start and $20,500 in 4 years~ excitini job that you lilian trainini lor (with pay) 
d .. illi summer vacation between your Junior and Senior years? 
This is the WlIY of AYROC, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity waitilli for coll"e 
SOPHOMORES, and JUfIORS with somethilli on the ball. 
AYROC means excitement and challe.e and a way to spend lour to five years as a 
Naval Aviation Officer. Travelina, flyini, Rainini self-confidence in a world of 
professionals. 
It's challeniilll to qualify for the AVROC Protram. It takes above-averaie health 
(you don't need 20/20 vision), intelli,ence, stamina and drive to make it Because 
flyin, modem jet aircraft is a demandilli profession, physically, mentally and 
spiritually, you don't lind any kids drivi. NAVY planes. 

YOU MAY APPI. Y WlntOUT 08UGATION! 
For more information contact: lite llavy InfDrmmm ream tor Officer Prolf3llls at UCSD Caf .. 
Plamin& and Placement Office. April2S-26, 10 l1li-2 pm. or caU LT. JolIn Chalker at 293-6444. 



triton times F~y,ApriI 14, 1171 

of race and baseball 
hy KUty Robinson 

Copy Editor 
EI Paso, Texas, 1951. Fifteen policemen ushered the 

black umpire to home plate at the beginning of 
the first minor league baseball game of the season, 

He called the first pitch a strike, and immediately 
heard voices yelling angrily at him to "go back to 

CHECKING IT OUT - Emmett A.hfortl thin a for 
• momeat after checking a line-up c.rtl .t 
Tueeday'. UCSD-Southem California College 
ba.ebaD game. 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
"LOW COST 
"CONFIDENTIAL 

"STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCF 
ACCEPTEQ 

California - we don 't want you here doing a white 
man's job." Turning, he saw members of the crowd 
shakin~ fists at him. 

Emmett Ashford addressed the crowd: "Go home 
and put on some shoes - and then come back and 
we 'll talk." And he went on calling the game. 

Being the first to do anything is not easy, and 
breaking the color barrier in major league umpiring ' 
would have been a difficult, disheartening experience 
for anyone. Ashford met the challenge, however, and 
developed into one of the most flamboyant and well-
loved umpires in baseball history. 

"I was the only umpire in history that fans would 
pay to come see," he said. " And I'm proud of that." 

Speaking to a group of students' and faculty 
members Monday, Ashford discussed the problems 
he had encountered during his career as a result of his 
color. 

"Some people expected me to carry a chip on my I CALL 'EM AS I SEE 'EM - A.h'ortl inteneely 
shoulder, but I didn't," he said. "I tried to call a fair wiltche. the .ction .t Tue .... y·. game.t UCSD. 
game." Major leaSBe·. fir •• black ulIIPire conclude. hill 

Throughout his career in the minor leagues, from .tay at UCSD today. 
1951-1965, Ashford encountered resistance, not only and ·served as Umpire-In-Chief of the Pacific Coast 
from spectators, but from other umpires, to his League during his last three years in the minors, 
presence. They did "everything under the sun" - ~fore becoming the first bla.ck major league umpire 
including asking hotels to refuse to house Ashford and In 1966. He worked the American League for the next 
requesting that restaurants refuse to serve him - to _ six years, and was chosen to umpire in the 1970 World 
atte mpt to force Ashford out of professional Series games between the Baltimore Orioles and the 
umpiring. Cincinatti Reds . 

"That made it hard to do the job," Ashford Ashford brought attention to himself during the 
c:ommented about those years. "Why does a man go fourth game of that series, when Baltimore's Ty Cline 
out and take abuse like that? Only because love for the hit a line drive straight at Ashford. who was umpiring 
game is in his heart." at second base. With amazingly quick reflexes , 

Ashford worked the Pacific Coast (minor) league Ashford leaped about 21h feet into the air and jumped 
for 12 yars before he was finally promoted to the over the ball . The hit enabled the Orioles to score, an 
majors, while many white umpires who had had less they went on to win that series in five games . 
experience than he were moved up first. Is there ever such thing as a tie in baseball? " Yeli-

Nevertheless, Ashford said that the experience he but you never say that!" Ashford laughed. "Usually 
acquired in the minors taught him a lot. you say that the runner beat the throw. Lots of times it 

"You can make mistakes in the lower leagues, " he will be bang-bang, like that - but the trick is to get the 
said, "There'are so many small things you have to bangs in the right order. " 
learn before you can come up ." Alluding to the firing A panel discussion was moderated by Ashford 
of black umpire Art Williams, Ashford added that" an Thursday on the subject of using the instant replay as 
umpire should not come up too quickly . There 's no an umpiring tool. This technique will be used 
substitute for experience." experimentally for football garrles next year, and 

Ashford worked the minor leagues through the 50s, (Please turn to page 9) 

UCSD Students, faculty & friends 
try 

t::> ,~,' /~~ 
,J A __ > 

"Skating Away..... ,y ~' Y) 
Sun. April 16 5:30-7:30 pm 

We have the rink to ourselves at the Ice Capades Chalet 
(in University Towne Centre) 

$2.00, including skates & . chance for a door prize I 
Ticket. at Campus Box Office and at the door. 

Presented by Warren College Commuter Board & Page One 

FRIDAY nilE 
~-Lrl.~(K/ 

Onlyer.lly Event, Ottlce Pr ••• nt. 
Tonight! 

"FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail· 
able to those who 

/·/7 ,,-- \ {'( ~fIS .~ " 

"Monty Python. 
{{ Meets Beyond 

The Fringe" 
qualify , 

Birth C nlrol 
Institute 
283-7391 

4~~"~~~L~'j .i l"" ~~, ~ ./ 
, ~"\~. ~ Factory Prices To 

Always! 
Gals & Guys Sportswear 

5887 Unlverlity Ave 
(nxt. door to the Cinerama Theatre) 
~ Phone 287-9160 • 

.,. Hrl: Mon-Frl: 10-9 Slit' 11).1\ ~lIn ' t?_~ 
--------

~~~ 

- 7,9,11PM 
*** ffJ~25 *** 

Mandeville Auditorium 
Central Box Office, 452·4559 

Unt".r,1t E"ent, Olflce 

triton times 

Recruiting: rites of spring 
by Steve Gould 
Sports Editor 

The NCAA and NAIA crowned 
their respective team cham-
pions last month and All-
Americans have received th ... ir 
due accolades many times 
over . An end to the college 
baksetball season? Not by a 
long shot. 

College basketba II ' s most 
intense game is in high gear 
this week - the recruiting wars 
- with blue chip preps, the 
nation's most sought after high 
school stars, signing national 
letters of intent. 

Successful records in upcom-
ing years are usually guaran-
teed by a good crop of recruits . 
Coaches agree that recruiting 
is the most important phase of 
the season. 

All the best high school 
seniors will sign with NCAA 
schools oHering full athletic 
sc holarships, Universities 
unable to give full rides get 
what remains. 

UCSD Varsity basketball 
coach Barry Cunningham sat in 
his office the other day, quietly 
playing the waiting game . 
" I've made contacts (with high 
sc hool seniors)," said the 
coach . "I'm waiting for players 
wi th no scholarship offers." In 
other words, it's leftover time. 

Cunning ham can't offer 
athletic schola rships . UCSD 
does not award them . Ball 
players come to UCSD to get a 
good education and then play 
basketball. 

Recruits which Cunningham 
ays he has a chance for include 

mostly 6 '7" and 6'8" centers. 
" We're looking for 6'5" and 
over players. We need 1:1 big 
man." 

On the list of possibles is Don 
Carpener, a 6'5" forward from 
Torrey Pines, who led his team 
to the San Diego CIF title. One 
recruiting service rates 
Carpener a 3-plus on a scale of 1 
to 5, with a·S denoting the best in 
the nation . Cunningham 
admits Carpener would be a 
prize catch and the lJrep is 
attracted to UCSD because of 
its academics. Rumor has it . 
however , that Carpener is 
headed for Princeton. 

Also high on Cunningham 's 
list are San Marino 's 6'7" Mark 
Talt, 6'9" Bart Lennehan of 
Newbury Park , 6'7" Eric 
Petersen of Miramonte High in 
Northern-California , 6'9" Jeff 
Fagan from Cypress, 6 ' 8" 
Jerry Dennard from Chowchil-
la and John Carson, a 6'6" 
forward from San Clemente . 

"We won 't be hesistant about 
playing a 6'7" or 6'8" kid in his 
freshman year," Cunningham 
admitted candidly . "A player 
with those credentials will 
come here knowing he'll get 
playing time for four years." 

If the high schoolers fall 
through, the junior colleges 
offer hope. 6'7" Sam Medero 
and 6'8" John Deck of Mount 

Ashford on race, baseball .. ~ 
(Continued from page M) 
could soon become popular f01' 
ma ny sports , including base-
ball. 

Ashford is against having an 
umpi re be replaced by a 
mac hine , however. " If a n 
umpire is worried about an 
ins tant replay, he can't do his 
job ," he said . "Using the 
ins tant replay would take a lot 
of the human element out of the 
ga me. " ' 

With respect to the future of 
baseball, Ashford said that the 
group ot men who own the 
teams has become something 
of an elite, private club. The 
ti me is not too far off , he 
prophesized, when superstars 
such as Reggie J ackson will 
\\'u nt to own a percentage of the 
team as part of their yearly 
salaries. 

A ked about the possibility of 
women becoming big league 
umpires, Ashford cited the case 

-

Los Angeles' 

of a woman who is now working 
the Pacific Northwest League. 
"She's doing a crediblejob for a 
woman at this stage in her 
career," he said. " It's no tea 
party out there, but she's heard 
all the language before ." 

The main threat an umpire 
faces , according to Ashford , is 
the threat of intimidation by 
player who are attempting to 
put pressure on the umpire. 

"Yo u ca n ' t try to 'please 
oeople, because you 'll get in 
:rouble with everyone ," he 
;aid. " r called games with a 
/engeance. 

" But I never would ha ve 
nade it if I had not been right 99 
Jercent of the time." 

" There is no easy way to 
umpire, " he said. " Any fool can 
go out there and be wrong. But 
it takes guts , tru spirit and a 
lot of love to be good." 

Emmett Ashford possess a ll 
three qualities. 

MONDAY EVENING CONCERTS 
40th Anniversary Performance 

on Saturday night 

Featuring the 

Monday Evening 
Concert Ensemble 

Works by: 
Bach, Arrigo, Ligeti, Webern and Stravinsky 

April 22, Saturda), 8:UU p.m , 
'lande,lIIe ,\ udilmium 
I ( 'S!) St. . 1.011. (;.A. J .OU 

I CSI) 8o, Office: 452-4559 

pre,cnled by tbe t,(,SD 1usic Department 
11,,,1 Ihr I "".,,it) E\enl~ om .... 

San Antonio J are possible us 
arc Palomar J Cs 6'5" Anthony 
Crane and 6'3" Marcus Hays.' 

The recruiting game for 
Cunningham has not been easy. 
While teaching a full load of 
classes, he 's spent up to 20 
hours or so per week making 
contacts. Friends have helped 
out by canvassing the Los 
Angeles area, the nation 's 
hotbed for prep athletes. 

"We've got a good nucleus of 
being competitive but we need 
a big man. We'll try to have a 
bigger team on tlie floor next 
season and maybe run a one 
guard offense," Cunningham 
pointed out. 

Just like the NCAA schools, 
UCSD acti vely plays the 
basketball recruiting game 
with all the waiting ... and 
hoping the big fish will bite. But 
without scholarships, it's like 
fishing without bait. 

SCHEDULE NOTES: The 
1978-79 schedule includes three 
tournaments, among them a 
Thanksgiving tourney hosted 
by the Tritons. Highlights of 
next season are away games 
with Puget Sound , Seattle 
Pacific and a probable trip to 
Texas again. 

In Wednesday's paper, the 
Triton Times referred to the 
California Collegiate Volley-
ball Conference as the CVCC, 
when it is abreviated CCVC. 
The Triton Times regrets this 
error. 

' #C'\.-.'-"-"._~'_.'_ .. _'.~ .. _':'l 
I ! 

"COMMUNITY' :tBLOODB~ ; . 
983 India I ~ 327 F Street ! 

I PAYSDONORS I 
f for Service ~,: 
l Mon. - Frl. 
; 233-5481 I i 234-4601 : 
-.-.. ...... -.. -.. -.. -....... ...--....~.-.. -.~ 

WAITING FOR THE ONE - Barry Cunningham, shown here 
talking with I_t year'. team, plays the waiting game and 
hopu for a good crop of recruits. 

1Bullyfs 
Prime Rib 

Dining 
At its Best 

La Jolla 
459-2768 

Del Mar 
755·1660 

Mission Valley 
291·2665 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ' •• 1 •• 

1,. ~ Hovy, Forpn~a, 
cMrnisITy, enginHring and mom majon~ 

OUbIng along the bonom Is the fosrest way ro 1M rop. 
bdoYs Hovy ope!OIet more than holt the reocrors In 

....... _- AnwIcD. CM nudeor IT'OIning program Is the 

Juniors and eniors may 
qualify for a $650 per 
month scholarship for all 
or part of your enior 
year. 

bet ~. Md nudeor ofI\ceI's move 
ropIdy Itwough m. ronks eomtng 

.II«U11Ye IeY.t JOicIIes (SIQT or 514,000). 
So, If you.,.1ooktng for 0 COIMf 
~lnm. 

nudeor fteIcj, m. 
Hovy con ~ you 
m. boost thor wtn 
send you IIghr ro 

therop. 

Cortact: the Navy 
InfOi mati on Team 
for Officer Pro· 
gram:. a1 CSD 
Career Planning 

n d r 1 '- III I t 
Office' April 25-26, 
10 am-2 pm, or cMII 
LT. John haJker 
at 293-6444. 



..... 10 triton times FrttMy, Aprtt 14, 1.78 
Friday. April 14. 1978 

Classifieds 
personals 

Afler 1M .. CAT relax brlXATING AWAY .11.,. 
Capaclat ClYoIet. .. tilt ':.7:. pm. JIIIt .. 
tlc:bla .1 ~ Box 0If10t. Door ..u. . ...." 
(ti l. ) 

·'Hey. If 11 ... ·1 U. RecII . RoU ~ .. .I " - kIII&. 
f."", JuMIt." Lou ...... 
• 'T ile faaot IIIImie _____ *"tiT. 
.. 11_ fean." Lou_ 
··S.,..,..rbul. --' _.u.._ .......... _,.. 
.. bread! Ala'IIIoaI_ claim 10 '-." Lou a.d 

" I w • .it It bt liM ......... lIIP_ tile ... 0 .... 
P rel. Ken~" IAImbI H ........ "", ....... Lou 
Reed 

" t Om JUl' •• Ut to the women or lbJ. 
worldlJlel!loatlbWty IiII unl ... my .1Ioulder." 
Lou Road 

··G .-.II _lady by tile foot aDd lay bel'l.o the llreet 
and by IIWIIIIi.oC _ 'U lie . 1111· ...... ""' ... Lou a.d 
" I wo ... my_'"my ...... 10 IcouJd_upthe 
hair Ibe Dile." Lou Rood 

"While upVW. tch thai tptd C ............. _ II 
up e.ery nile 01 the weHlWhl1e He . ... Lou Reed 

" WIIeIl lhat heroin II In my b_and thatblood " in 
my he.d. thank God I·m ..... .. dead." Lou Reed 

Lou Reed Uvea a t decadent punk par t ie • . 

Babootn : H. ppy. happy. happy 2111 birtbdayl T~ 
end o( your week doeao' t mean the. eodolour love!· 
V (4/ 1.) 
Happy BlrtlIcIay Grlnly Bear! I 'll li ve y .. 110 Tiny 
Dancer KI_ for It Gliuly Grow .. duli", the 
nllhl-Hopplelt _ -Thll ad ..... for dJ_r.f your 
cholce-Luv y. mllCb. (4114) 
Admitted pervert. are stupid a nd extreme ly 
<>bnox""'. Ctl14 ) -
Rememller! Nalioeal G. y B)ue J_ Day II today 
Apri l 14. Be proud . ad wor your doalm! (tI14) 
Lulu Lulu • ....-ljUit for you you! C_rowwllh 
much loy. J .,.. (4117 ) 

YOI C\l tle .. I, • , tale of .. lad. Sulllblot OIl the 
tampl", trip. Kamel KOflIO. M .... mod (tI 14) 
Dea r BS lhanlt you .ery mudllor tile iDvltation of 
counre I' ll ,0 10 tile daact wllb • fox U'" you. TS 
14114) 
The lonnal . tlbe delllbo 1o ..... 1.11IIe cltU. tic ..... 
are ..... Ie for tile fonnal al .he doll (tI 14) 
BRIGHT. LOVING • CHILDLESS eouplt _ILl 
he. II hy d. r.·comple.I ..... 1 pollibl y J ewl. b) 
woma. I. bear th e m I cblld by a rllflela l 
Insemination. Pie ... name I ... If_. and tend 
photo. Bo. ZUI4 Sa. Ole,o . CA .2122 C. l lt) 
Rewa rd lor nlurn of a ...... I·handed blue.ki,lo.e. 
Lool aboul a moalll a.o llet_n A '10 and RecGym. 
PI" ... ca U ScotIII4N-IIG (4117) 
CamPUl'wlde and Col .... E_ May I • I . 
VOTE! 

MICHAEL DEAN. world', , .... mo .. h)'JlOlOlill will 
vilit UCSO lIu lr Col Iete onllondo.y. April 17 In the 
MuJrCaletert. I II: • . S_redby MuirP .... ram 
Board · FREE (41 17) 

Come ... the , reat MICHAEL DEAN on M.nday. 
April 17. 1:31 pm In the Muir CoIIqe Cafeter.Hr. 
FREE. Spa_ red by Mulr Procra m Board. (4117) 
Have you ever wondered what color a re N1CHAEL 
DEAN', eye,? We dan you to Und out!!! Monday , 
April 17 In lhe Muir Cafllte""" : 30 pm FREE . 
Sponlored by Mu i r Proa r. m Board. W 17) 

t.~p .. ,ndin¥ I}~incsl't Inlt.'I" IC-.'III& ailudents jlttklRi 
1..')"I..' I..'II .... nl sunUlk'r II'k.vnlt.', Op~)J;unity lot.'OnlIUUt' 
fh"'1-I11Ik' Ihlll )o(.·hool yeur, ("III (or avvuinlmt.'lIt. 
.U'!·4!IKI. j·VI .. , 
Slop urban . prawl In San Dle,o-belp _ on 
initiative drive-c:all.t.5f..f2 .... . (4/ l 5) 

Learn the Oaece of the Middle Eaot m)'IlertoUi. 
sensual. Moo . nd Thuro. Excellent IMlJ'UCU>r .. -
1641 (411. ) 
Subjecu wanted for lun II inter .. tlnI Plych. exp. 
Must be frtlh. or 8Oph., noIt--paych. ooD-lC.ifnce 
major. 12.00l hr /or one hr. 451·_ - all< for Judy. 
(4m) for sale ' 
Itome' l'ur Sun) 0 <':US&elte pl ... ,fer J2u po~'er .upp 
L· rAH IASZA 1>1<.,. 000,1 So.Woh .. './lop pnlY 
..,g ~1-6313 WI~I 

1971 ~ab 96 ~dun . Rt!li.ibl~ lrun • . lood mec:h 
COnd .. lood u ..... 11 1lN!. D.n45t-4M5 . ~t:II I4 1 14) 

6& Mere Colony I-urk Wagon , 10 PiA .. rack. ruM 
grt!al . $150, W'-~kct...> at .&S2-3561 : t"\ 'es: 411-9758 
SchUl"" (41W 

64 Vu n . .. new lirt!lII. n ew butter. jUlted tuned, SlOG. 
C»II 21IHt-lil 
Pholo .yltem·-,.. _I 1_. ..felt . ..... 
telepllot.o. -.t ....... AIl ......... ICOIId.CaUTodd. 
• $2' 1511. C.II. ) 

"Loot" review ••• 
((;ontinueo I rom page 7, 

1m TrIIImpil 1pl1IIra. aIIIt _li0ii. low mIIoo. 
AlII .... CUI . .... ""y .... '-.C.U4I7_ 14m) 
"«Sale: PIaiooorc_leclodt.DdPM 711e __ 
(4111) 

Davl,CIuoie ... 'upc ............. wltII ........ 
C.II b.t .... , ·12 " I - l UI J.r,. ( . 121 ) 
T ...... _.ytwo-.- ... tlIII ............. 
10 ..... : ceII .. 1In or .1_ ; _77. or ~ 
(4121) 
... ~ ....... I. 1l1li . • __ . RopaIr 
r ••• nI .vell.bl • . H •• tl r., . ... ·2 ... d." . 

housing 
MJChrllU a D H." roommaleC,) 'la rUn, Ibll 
qUirter. SDSU math aeDiGr. PIa .. 10 be Grtd 
Student bere I. fa ll. 5 11·1441 Jon (411 7) 
DelMar ~h ....... .. am. bdrm 1130 eadt. Allo 
Il n,le bdrm . Call Mlcb e le 755· 717 3 (41 It) 

F h ..... mate wlDtad. 3 milet from UCSD. 2 blocu 
from beach 113111lI0II111. Cau afler I pm __ 
(4117) 
SununerTruck! or Rental in La Jolla/ Del Marare:.. 
Can trade quiet 3 bedrm nat nf3r Berkeley UC 
t:a ml.U S J Greenbaum 342 Sixty ·Thlrd St. . 
O.kl.nd . CA 9UII 14151655 ·5024 . 141 14 1 

wanted 
Sev. w.men (e.p. desired bul deth .. 10 play II 
• _ &h) lor ooed waterpolo .. 11411_ ask for Joo 
(4114) 

Need ride 10 Santa Barbara or San Lula Obl.po for 
thll weelcend CaIl"I~12 or X3C/M leave me""", e 
C4/14) 
Summ~.'r ,,-ork olJ~nunitJes for ~rd ,""oridna 
$luden1i th .. lt " ould like to tra\'e lthl5 summer 110 
""rim" C~II .j,\94396 1 ~/ 141 
W. oIed: Subjecl.l for Brain W .... Elpta. ln Medical 
Scltool. Ma l_ I .... rltbl.haoded. IU O/ hr. Ca ll 
Debble . _ (4117) 
Ride _ 10 SIlSU lor !ollt feitivil. To andl or 
from lbo eve ..... CCIl>Cer1a. CaU Gary at ~. 
(tI17) 

• Hel,! f! The Elecllon Commlltee need l Poll 
P_ for the ASUCSD electlOlll l1li May 2 a Dd 3. 
AU helpappreclatad. Call or come 10 AS Olflce. t:.L 

-. travel 
BOOK ON CAloI PUS: Europe. Hawaii and New 
'to rk Cha rier FII,hl •. C IE E Studen t Trave l. 
Studenl Center s.au, Open w..,l<da)'l12-4 . Call 4S2· 
_ CIII ) 
See ISRA!:L IIdIllIIIIJIIer . ~·a.taltlc opportwuty· 
_t ,rouP. I wetU. Violl """_. Klbbull • • 
more! Palll-m-756I (tI 17) 

services 
PRO F ESSI ONAL THE SIS IMANUSCRIP T 
TYPfNG: E . pe .... acecI: lborougllly t.mlllar with 
all r.nn . I lylo requJremenll. Ruahjolllattepled. 
IBM Currect.i", Seleetrlc II typewriter. Day 51&-
:1311: eve. _ 2147. (til) 

Typl", .. xperlence<l . reliable. , euonable. IBM 
CorrtCtin, Selectric. Call a ny tim. 455-0127. Mn. 
Olclt. (III) 

TYPING! I BM Solet.tr ic IIrm p",~n . lhe_. PhD. 
d .... rt. u ona. edlU"' •. RUSHJOflS . t53-OI5e HO-
'171. -.-. 452-1511 (II ' ) • 

Tut.rIn, - Calculu •• Ataebra. Tn,. Anal (Glom). 
P hyll ... SU II .. I ... Call IIh 1t7 .. 751 (5124) 

Medlc.1 Scbollnhlp •• 500 Immediale 4·year 
medical .cOOlanillpo available to eniAlrl", or 
e.roIled med Itudenta. Cau Navy Medical Team 
.-. (4 12 1) 

Car _eo. CB ...... Uon. repair and ...... 10 y-. 
up. Ca ll a n ylime Karl 755 ·2115 S.a. (4121) 

~ Experienced Iyplll t heses'" d luertallon. 
' ..... nable ral ... Quality ' u.rant ..... .. II Cindy 
2'/9.2231 (4 119) 

P.rt/full time Jill>. PI ... to a ltend metUn, 7: 30 pm 
Friday 14. Yor dttaJl, call P.ul W_. 

lost & found 
'-= P.l r of pruc:n ptJon . ...... left In HI. till . 
Call4S2_1 • 

Found: Cub on campu. Monday Dile. TeU me 
where a nd bow modi and you 've lot It back. J .C. 
U).7)It (4114) 

I jUll,ot ltilted in the thi ns. WhoeverfouDd my .... n 
JIll .... ... Nulr Field. pluM tum lbom In .l tT 
(4I It) 

Found: ,,..... top In CommUDity Ct, -ciaim a ltT 
olf~ . 

There was one thing about the direction I did not like - the finale 
where Hal. the nurse a nd the undertaker, the lover of both Hal and 
the nurse, decide to make it a t hree-way partnership of crime. and 
while embracing, they fondle each others ' buttocks . Thisisa piece 
of broad sexual comedy and does not follow suit with the 
excrementa l and black humor that characterizes the rest of the 
production. Furthermore, the m enage a trois is meant to be taken 
seriously. To deal with it as if it were as r idiculous as everything 
e lse in the play derea ts the purpose or the wry confusion of reality 
so clevt' rly de veloped up to this point. On top of it a ll , the bottom-
ca res Ing and the subsequent curtain ca ll is accompanied by a 
rous ing refra in " r " Pomp a nd Circumstance ." Rum p a nd 

ircumsta nce '! I wondered as I lert the t heatre . 
I must br iefly mention the performance or Tom McCorry as 

T ruscott . It is brilliant . It is Christmas, bulit goes hristmas one 
fU rther, because it is a lso Ml-Corry. He remCii ns his own actor. 
With his inimitable bulging eyes that have a thousand meanings 
whit'h mean nothing in the mind or Truscott . McCorry executes 
Chri stmas ' wonderful con('cption of comedy with his own eomedlc 
fi nesse in .. ·ling. Together. Chrj ·tmas and Me orry make thi 
" Loot " a mos t memorable produ(·tion. 

triton times Page 11 

'78 OATSUN 
B·210 

AROUND THE WORLD 
I 

TOPKONOMY 
Plus GOOD LOOKSI 

SAN DIEGO 
DATSUN 

lit ......... • ..... 
. .uit' MIllION YAW\' _ 

... ............... 

........ ----

LEGAL EDUCA nON 
. (LEAP) 

ADVISORY PROGRAM 
Presents 

HOW TO USE A 
LAW LIBRARY 

Monday, April 24, 1978 
: . 3:00-4:00 pm 

County Law Ubrary 
1105 Front Street 

R.S.V.P.: 
Oran .. L Batiste, 452-4355 

Eart Warren CoUll' 
Academic Internship PrOl1'am 

IN MANY WAYSI 
Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 5000 
charters listed, escorted tours , 'air/ sea 
cruises, mini vacations . 
Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

... Client Protection 
United California Traveline, Inc. 

Janice's 
Hair Garden Special 

Men's Haircuts - Only $8 

Junu ', ',\ Sulon.~ .· 
110 E, Wu.\'h"'K(UII. lIi1k"" 
!97·8J80 

Jr Tll/rd A\'~ 
Chulo !'iSlo 
4lr,.18JJ 
Bulh Sa/on.' (lIJen 

9-8 Sal. 9-<1 

all hair services 
with Student ID 

and this ad 

Jamn~\ Hair Garden 

Mu,,-Fri. ~·IJ SQI. 

Reg. $10 

"A TANTALIZING TEASE ••• 
for adults who've done a liltle living . .. a delight in the watching :' 

JUDITH CRIST .\ •• ) .,, 4 """ 

"BUNUEl AT PEAK FORM, 
with the freshness of eternal youth 
and the wisdom of experience:' 
\\'ILI.IAM WOLF C/l, · '\I ".~II :/II'· 

Luis BuilU rs 

That 
Ofiscure 
OJ2ject 

OfUesire 
("Cel Obscur Objet du Dcis;(,) 

Nomina ted as Best 
F oreign Language Film 
of Year! 

FIRST ARTISTS plesenlS 
A SERGE SILBERMAN PlOOUC/lon 

Otrecled by LUIS BUNUEL· Screenplay by LUIS BlJjUR 

Exclu Ive 
Limited 

Engagement 

IMIh JEAN.c~ CMRIERE f.om .... .- Lo f ......... ' LI P!JIIon l>r PIRtlE LOUYS f'IAIOSI\IO Ill' lli.8IN MICMIl wtIIl !tlll-ANOO REV 
CMOlE 1l()IJ(;UT . ~l-' MOlINA-MIEN BERTHtAU · .oJIIORE WEBER · MIlfNA 'v\.Il.011C · /oi1 OtreCIOl PlERlf GUfFROY 
OtIeclor 01 PIloIOgl<JPlT1 ElJM()NO 1l1C1'AAO . PlcxiJc110n Monoger illY PICKARD · -..:.I.., SERGE SllBEqMJI,N 

., I """ """"'" UI IJ'lIdIl(tot 
.. oPt l fWi IIWI . .. _ '.* ....,... If'" III t .tIL IN ~ '* 

A f~ ~ RdelM EngltshSubtll 

COVE EVlnlnp: 7 and 9 Sundays: 1-3-5-7-9 
Theatre - La Jolla - 1730 Girard - 459-5404 



•• _ ••• _ • ________ Clip ,,8ft. _____________ • ___________________ Clip" Sa.,. _________ .. - ~ 
: APRIL · 17-21, 1978 . FIND TIME OW : 
: FOR WOW '78 I 
I I 

I . 
I 
I 
• Q 
-6' 
.. 

f WORt! OPPORTUNITY ./ 
'---....... __ ~4 IIIEE K ~J-'." 

PUTTING YOUR MAJOR TO WORK ... 

I 
I 
I 

MONDAY, 17th 10 am-Noon 

II am-I pm 
3 pm-5 pm 

Computer Sciences & 
Electrical Engineering 

Biology 
Social Sciences 

Revelle Formal Lounge 

North Conf~ Rm., Student Ctr. 
"SS 1330, Muir Campus 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

J 
.. 

.9-
o 

: TUESDAY, 18th 
I 
I 

10 am-Noon 
10 am-Noon 
II am-I pm 

Fine Arts 
Mathematics 

North -Conf. Rm., Student Ctr. 
Bldg. B, Student Ctr. Conf. Rm. I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I pm-3 pm 
2:30 pm-4:30 pm 

Economics & Mgmt. Science 
Humanities 

En~ineerin~ 
I 

Econ. Conf. Rm., H-L, Revelle : 
H-L 1438, Revelle Campus I 
Urey Room, 2102 UH I 

I 
I 

: TELLING IT LIKE IT IS ... CAREERS IN: 
I 
I 
I 
I WEDNESDAY, 19th 
I 10 am-Noon I pm-3 pm 

2 pm-4 pm 
I pm-4 pm 

Print & Electronic Media 
Management: Public/Business 
Social Services/Re rch 

North Conf. Rm., Student Ctr. 
Bldg. B, Student Ctr. Conf. Rm. 
North Conf. Rm., Student Ctr. 

I 
I 
I 

g 
if 
.. 
(I) 
< CD 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

THURSDAY, 20th 10 am-Noon 
11 am-l pm 

2 pm-4 pm 
3 pm-5 pm 

A Company: Calbiochem 

The Arts 
The Law 
Community Colleges 
Public Health 

Field trip for Chemistry and Biology 
Majors. Sign up at Career P~anning 
& Phicement 

Bldg. B, Student Ctr. Conf. Rm. 
North Conf. Rm., Student etr. 
Bldg. B, Student Ctr. Conf. Rm. 
North Conf. Rm., Student Ctr. 

WOW '78 CAREER FAIR: 
Get Career Info ... Food ... Music ... 

Have a Good Time!!!!!! 
FRIDA Y, 2~st 11 am-3 pm Student Center (Come rain or shine!) 

Pre ented by: areer Planning & Placement in association with EDNA-
The A ociated tudent and Alumni & Fri nds of U an Diego 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
-J 
II 
.9-
o 

I 
.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - • Clip & Save" - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ______________ -Clip" Save ___________ ~ 


