
. Trial set for April 14 
Abortion contro~ersy picks up 

by Alan RaueU 
Edhor 

The protest of UCSD students 
over that portion of their Reg 
Fee payments used to fund 
abortions has expanded both in 
numbers and to other Univer-
sity of California schools. 

Seventeen students, seven 
from UCSD, six from UC Davis, 
and four from UC Berkeley, 
have joined ranks with the 
seven "continuing" dissenters 
from UCSD to make a total of 24 
students who have placed, or 
have asked the university to 
place, $120 of their spring 
quarter Reg Fees in trust. 

The seven UCSD students 
who have put their fees in trust 
are James Craighead, Ray 
Gray, Cindy McCrea, Joseph 
Starvish, Amy Steadman, Lynn 
White and Terri Zinner. 

The controven.ial court case 
has become even more com-
plicated by the defense's 
refusing to accept any students 
outside of UCSD as litigants in 
the case. 

David Dorinson, UC counsel, 
was reportedly "shocked" by 
the request of the plaintiffs 
lawyer, Burton Shamsky, to 
allow all seventeen "new" 
students to be litigants in the 
case. 

Dorinson drew the line in only 
giving the status of litigants to 
all UCSD students, stating that 
the Berkeley and Davis 
students would have to pay 
their fees in full by April 28. 
Dorinson's decision has made 
further legal action imminent, 
with a court injunction 
covering the non-UCSD stu-
dents expected. 

Delay in cour1 case 
The court case itself was 

delayed from March 16 to April 
14 because of complications of 
the defense in presenting their 
case at the initial court date. 

In preparing for the court 
case of March 16, the plaintiffs 
entered their opposition to the 
defense's demurrer, reiterat-

ing that .. to subsidize the 
abortion of others violates their 
rights under the First and 
Fourteenth Amendment to the 
constitution. " 

The opposition to the demur-
rer further noted that the issue 

of the case was "whether 
legislative bodies can require 
citizens to pay for other 
people's abortions." 

In pursuing this question four 
causes of action were ad-

(Please turn to page 9) 

FlICiItt! &oat fro_ Me .... to left, ShMIeat ..... t Mie ..... s.Ierao, uc 
PweeWe.t "';vW s. __ ......... t c ....... Williul Coble.b. 

The UC Board of Regents, 
at their meeting March 17, 
approved a proposal to 
consider regulations which 
would govern academic 
.conUlcts between UC and the 
Central Intelligence Agency. 

The resolution, which was 
proposed by student Regent 
Michael Salerno, will now be 
referred to the statewide 
Academic Senate's acade-
mic freedom committee and 
to UC President David 
Saxon's office for considera-
tion. 

Saxon and the Academic 
Senate will make their 
recommendations on the 
proposal to the Regents at an 
unspecified later date. 

Salerno's proposal would 
require all members of the 
university to publicly report 
all their contacts with the 

CIA, and prohibit them from 
doing any intelligence .York 
with the agency. 

Salerno said he made the 
proposal because of infor-
mation contained in recent-
ly-released documents 
which show a long history of 
contact between UC and the 
CIA (Triton Times, Feb. 22) . 

He also said he was 
concerned that none of the 
documents made reference 
to UC's involvement with 
CIA-funded drug research, 
which, he said, "may be 
continuing today." 

Saxon, in response to 
Salerno's statements, said, 
"There is nothing that 
indicates any relationship 
with the CIA which in any 
way violates proper prac-
tices." 

Volk to file 
assault case 
by Steve Gould 
Sports Editor 

An attorney for UCSD 
basketball player Peter Volk 
says he will file criminal 
charges of assault and battery 
against an Azusa -P acHic 
College player, his coach and 
the school as a result of a punch 
thrown during a conference 
game Feb. 25 . 

The complaints will allege 
that Mike Berry , then the 
starting center for Azusa , 
punched V otk in the face in the 
first half of UCSD's season 
finale at the UCSD gymnasium. 
Volk received ten stitches 
above his right eye and along 
his nose and a fractured right 
cheekbone from the incident, 
which was witnessed by over 
500 people, the Triton's largest 
home crowd of the season. 

Marlborough Watson, Volk's 
legal counsel, said complaints 
will be issued to Azusa head 
coach Cliff Hamlow and Azusa-
Pacific College as well as Berry 
because "as coach, Hamlow 
could not control Berry ' s 
actions, but the school and 
coach are legally responsible to 
do so." 

Ala Kermit 
In explaining why he decided 

to purse assault and battery 
charges, Watson alluded to the 
case of Kermit Washington, the 
ex-Los Angeles Laker basket-
ball forward now with the 
Boston Celtics, who punched 
Rudy Tomjanovich of the 
Houston Rockets in the face 
during a mel¢e in an NBA 
contest last October. 

"Since the Federal Court 
allowed Houston to file charges 
against the Lakers," Watson 
said, "we will base our case on 
the same type of legal reason-
ing ... Azusa-P acific had 
responsibility to control his 
(Berry's) action. " 

. Berry, a 6'7" senior from 
Costa Mesa who averaged 10.2 
points and 6.6 rebounds per 
game, was suspended from the 
Azusa team for the remainder 
of the season by Hamlow, even 

though the Cougars had 
qualified for a bertn in the 
NAJA District Three playoffs . 
Without Berry, Azusa was 
eliminated in the first round of 
the playoffs by Biola College. 

Despite the uniqueness of the 
case , Watson " strongly 
believes a verdict in Volk 's 
favor is possible." However, 
due to the heavy load of cases 
piled up in San Diego, Watson 
said, " it could be over a year 
until the case comes to court. " 

According to C. Logan 
Mckechnie of the San Diego 
District Attorney 's office , 
"Volk's case has been referred 
to the City Attorney's office to 
determine felony or misde-
meanor status pending on 
medical information sub -
mitted." 

If convicted, Berry and 
Hamlow could recelve maxl-
mum sentences of one year in a 
county jail and $1000 fines . 
Pickett dies 
in Mexico 

David Pickett, 22-year-old 
UCSD student , died last 
Monday from injuries incurred 
in a traffic accident in Mexico. 

Pickett, a leading force 
behind campus newspaper the 
new indicator, was vacationing 
in Mexico with three other 
UCSD students . The tragic 
accident occurred when the car 
in which Pickett was a 
passenger swerved onto the 
shoulder of the road to avoid 
hitting an oncoming car. 

Water bottles carried in the 
car Pickett was in broke, with 
the glass splintering his liver 
and spleen. Internal bleeding 
proved to be too much, as it was 
several hours before Pickett 
could receive surgery. 

Pickett's presence at UCSD, 
and the outside world, will be 
sorely missed. He excelled at 
his work, but more impor-
tantly, as a person. The ~ntire 
staff of the Triton Tlmes 
expresses it deepest regrets. 

Nierenberg: direGting policies for tomorrow 
by Alan Russell 

Editor 
His latest appointment is to the Chairmanship 

of the Advisory Committee to NASA. 
To most people such a position would be ' a 

great feather in one's cap, but Dr. William 
Nierenberg, Director of Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography (SIO), already has a chief's 
headdress of honors, and views the appointment 
as little more than a job that has to be done, 
albeit a very important job. 

The name of Nierenberg, and even SIO itself, 
is not often recognized or connected by UCSD 
undergraduates as being part of the school, but 
both the man and the institution are viewed by 
many knowledgeable outsiders as two of the 
mOlt important components of UCSD. 

In federal grants alone, SIO usually gets 
between 50 and 60 percent of all UCSD money, 
and this includes UCSD's medical school. 
Worldwide there is an unqualified respect for 
the institution, and though SIO has been in 

~xistence almost a long as the University of 
California, much of its present position of 
eminence has come under the 13 year reign of 
Nierenberg. 

Nierenberg is an interesting character - and 
the word charact r must be emphasized. In 
interviewing him one becomes aware of a 
compolite penonality. Alternately lecturing, 
appeallq and theorizing, one Nierenberg 

as the dictating director, as the struggling and 
ambitious New York City youngster ("my 
family was about as poor as urban people can ., 
get"), and as the thoughtful nuclear physicist. 
With hands constantly moving, sometimes 
supercharged like a maestro undergoing shock 
therapy, one cannot ignore his intensity. 

Nierenberg's favorite topic of conversation is 
naturally SIO itself. In describing the far 
reaching work of the institation, Nierenberg 
acts the role of the proud father, imaginary 
cigars thrust upon you while he explains the 
various research going on. His strongest point of 
emphasis to ~ layman is the immensity, the 
far-reaching consequences, of oceanic studies, 
which can and are found by Nierenberg to have 
some relevance and relation with almost every 
hard science. 

"Some say that it is a paradox that an 
oceanographic institution is involved in so many 
diverse fields of research," said Nierenberg. 
"But the vastness of oceanic studies and their 
relation to a number of related studies ~annot be 
underplayed. Scripps has a very strong 
ecological thrust. The science of ecology was 
bom in the oceans, as well as the food chain." 

Nierenberg said that in bis years at SIO it had 
"gone the direction he expected" - namely that 
of working in the future, staying ten to 20 yea 
ahead of current world thinking. He cited 

(PleMetan Ie I) 



Oplnl 
Reflections 

UC 'versus JC 
by Sam Beedle 

Here is it. Registration Day at UCSD. Things don't appear to be 
much different from junior college. Signs and numbers on the 
buildings are hidden away in architectural folds and creases so as 
to not detract from the aesthetics of the edifice. It's nine o'clock 
and I already have a parking ticket. The faculty is totally invisible 
- but the staff is on the scene. These folks smile and nod . But, 
nobody has ever asked that question before. So you'll have to go 
over there. Where? Oh, there! I was there earlier and they said ... 

Sam ·Beedle, a Muir student, formerly attended Mesa College in 
SaD Die,o. 

I miss the bedlam at the junior college though. Here at UCSD, 
they confuse you quietly. No microphones are tapped here by stern 
deans in horn rims. No student assistant scurries into the next 
room to adjust the public address system when it squeaks. No 
indeed, UCSD does things differently than they do at junior 
college. . 

"We don't exactly know how -great the difference is because 
none of us were ever students in a junior college - you 
understand. to 

The orientation briefing goes down in a classroom instead ofthe 
gymnasium. A couple of staffers from the Muir Provost's Office 
issue folders which contain class schedules, data sheets, and of 
course, a one day parking _pass. 

For one fleeting moment I thought of sprinting down the hall and 
stairs and out to the parking lot where, amid smiles and cheers, I 
would anoint my tired old spad with a genuine UCSD parking 
permit. Then I remembered the ticket. I shrugged and sat down_ 

Welcome! " We are glad you are here, " the dean tells us. Heand 
his people go on for the next hour or so paraphrasing the contents 
of the registration packets. (Please tum to pale 3) 

Four Piece Wicker Furniture Set 

Only 

Jewelery 
Bedspreads 
Rugs 
Posters 

$29900 (was $39900) 
Imported 

Men's and Women's 
Assorted 
Clothing 

200/0 to 
400/0 OFF 

Featuring: 

" 

•
: .. ~ .. Baskets 

CandJes 
Soaps 
Household Items 

and Paraphernalia 
10% Oi 4:ounl on non-sale items wllb Ihis ad 

Orrer Rood Ihru April 20 

IIond8r,AprII3.1171 

Clonin scientist sa s he is not a clonin advocate 
Is man ready for human cloning? 

by David Rorvik 
Pacific News Service 

(Editor's Dote: Tbis article is tbe first 
extensive statement by David Rorvik, author 
of tbp. just-released book, In His Waage 
The Cloning of a Man. Since the claims 
made in the book were first publicized 
,hey have stirred a storm of debate in the 
scientific community over whether the 
allegation that a child has actually been 
created in a test tube is true or whether the 
book is a giant hoax. Here, Rorvik, for the 
first time, provides some answers to his 
critics.) I 

A human being has been cloned. I make this 
assertion in my book, " In His Image: The 
Cloning of a Man," and I stand behind that 
claim today. I am not, however, an advocate 
of human cloning. My decision to become 
involved in this project came after months of 
soul searching and careful consideration of 
the many bio-ethical issues at stake. These 
moral issues occupy the first half of my book. 

It finally became evident to me that this 
project would eventually proceed with or 
wi thout me, and so I consented to assist on the 
condition that, though I could protect the 
identities of those involved, I would be 
permitted to report some of the details of this 
work. It is my hope that the public might thus 
be encouraged to participate in the the 
decision-making process that, ideally, will 
lead to the wise regulation of all forms of 
genetic engineering. 

Preceding publication of my book, a 
number of scientific authorities took the 
position that human cloning, while perhaps 
not always to be desired, at least posed little 
threat to humanity_ An editorial in Science 

.. Magazine in 1974, for example, called the 
prospect of human cloning "hardly 
terrifying" and added that if it were finally 
prohibited by law "an occasional violation" 
of that law "would not shake the heavens ." 
Yet my claim that a genetic replication of a 
man has now been created through the 
stimulated growth of a single body cell rather 
than through the union of an egg and sperm 
cell has unleaShed a furor practically 
unprecedented in science. 

Why are some of the same scientists who 
recently seemed to view so serenely the 
prospect of human cloning so upset over the 
possibility today? Why are some other 
scientists who just in the last few years 
predicted that human cloning would soon be 
accomplished now so intent on making the 
public believe that this cannot happen for 
years or even decades? 

An answer to both these questions has been 
suggested by science writer Judith Randal. 
In a long article in the Washington Post, 
Randal submits evidence that though some 
scientists challenge the claims made in my 
book, all of the major elements needed to 
clone a human exist in laboratories today, 
and in her words ' 'have been lying around -
some of them for year~ - waiting to be 
assembled." But these facts and others, she 
adds, some scientists of tature have been 
reluctant to admit, "In fact," she says in her 
Post article, " the scientific establishment 
seems to have closed ranks - possibly 
fearing public revulsion a nd legislative 
"eaction - to deny the sugge tion that human 
cloning could occur." 

------

Randal cites as an example the recent 
statements of Nobel Prize winning molecular 
biologist James Watson, noting that he 
recently appeared on network television, •• all 
but insisting that the whole thing was out of 
the question, " Yet he thought enough of the 
possibility to have written in 1971 an article 
called "Moving Toward the Clonal Man." In 
it he called attention to "unexpectedly rapid 
progress " in cell fusion and embryo 
transplant work of a sort detailed in my book, 
anp chided these a mong his colleagues who 
believed that cloning was still only a remote 
possibility. 

If one is tempted to ask, • 'Will the real 
James Watson please stand up? " the same 
question would have to be asked of other 
scientists who have recently done similar 
about-faces. 

Many of these scientists, I believe, are not 
really so doubtful about my claim as they are 
fearful that if the public believed me, then 
their own research into far more complex, far 
more promising but also far more perilous 
areas of "recombinant DNA" will come 
4nder new public scrutiny, and as the Post 
points out, perhaps legislative control. The 
public at the present time has only the 
dimmest awareness of what recombinant 
DNA is all about. 

Human cloning is dramatic and intriguing 
but as yet it is, as the Science editorial points 
out, of little importance alongside other 
developments in genetic engineering. A new 
recombinant DNA work sees scientists 
already splicing together the genes of unlike 
species to create new life forms in the 
laboratory , The new research is widely 
expected to create a new multi-billion dollar 
industry and anything that might upset the 
public, draw attention to new research, or 
generally " rock the boat" is, of course, 
feared by those involved in the research. 

Scientific breakthroughs in molecular 
biology in the last two years have led us to the 
brink of a power more awesome than 
anything promised by discoveries of the so-
called "Atomic Age." As Scientific American 
summed it up in 1977, "Forthe first time, man 
has developed a capacity for almost absolute 
control over the material in his genes." That 
man can now begin to truly take charge of his 
own evolution and remake himself and his 
world in the image of his own desiring must 
be accounted the most revolutionary 
development in the history of the world. 

Unfortunately, many scientists working in 
this field are of the opinion that the public is 
not smart enough to be fully informed of what 
is transpiring or to participate in the life and 
death decisions that are already daily being 
made in laboratories around the world. In 
short they want to work unencumbered by 
public doubts and fears . Yet "as Science 
MqaziDe has acknowledged, there have 
already been frightful " close calls" in the 
laboratory in creation of new life forms. 

Researchers. at General Electric Research 
and Development Center in Schnectady, 
N. Y ., not long ago created an E -coli 
bacterium with a new gene using some of 
these newly recombinant DNA techniques. 
The new gene was coded for the production of 
cellulase, an enzyme that breaks down 

~, AprIl, 1.,. Ut..,.t ..... '-.3-
• Oplni~n 

Letter to the editor 
Abortion response 

Your Independent Tobacconist 
Serves You First 

Editor: 
I am writing in response to Ms. 

notion would recognize the validity children as well as women would 
of adoption as an alternative to have the right to become all that 
abortion . In this way, careers of they are capable of becoming. 
women would have a greater 

Expert Personalized 
Service 

Ly ne Reid-Kiss ' letter to TT 
(3/17178) regarding abortion. Featuring: I stand in full agreement that a 16-
year-old girl is hardly capable or 
res ponsible enough to handle 
childrearing. However, to assert 
that our hypothetical 16-year-old is 
now doomed to a life in a coal-mine 
when she could have become a 
nuclear physicist, simply because 
of her failure to abort her child is 
ludicrous. By simply employing 
adoption as an alternative, she . 
could be free from the responsi-
bility of the unwanted child, and all 
life would be spared. 

opportunity to nourish in the event FRANK GONZALES 
of an unwanted pregnancy, while 3rd College *One of the largest selections of 

Reflections ... 
(Continued from page 2) 

One of the high points was the statement of the UCSD position on 
the so-called Privacy Act. 

pipes aad cigars a"ailable 
*Walk-in cigar humidor 
*Custom-blended tobaccos 
*UdUsuai gifts for smokers 

"We recognize," says the advisor coordinator, " that today 's 
students are adults and therefore are completely responsible for 
their actions. In consequence of this, we will not release grade 
information to your parents or to other persons without your 
specific consent." 

and nOD-smokers 
*Expert pipe repair 

Ms. Reid-Kiss also cites the fact 
that ilIigitimate birth rates have 
become astounding. So too are the 
number of families who wish to 
adopt but can't because of -the 
shortages of children in adoption 
agencies. , 

"We've Got It All ... " 

She also states that children are 
economic burdens. So too are many 
senior citizens, disabled veterans, 
unemployment insurance reci-
pients and welfare recipients. I 
hardly see how being an economic 
burden constitutes grounds Cor 
extermination. 

I Cully agree that a woman has a 
right to her own body and mind. 
However, when a child is aborted, it 
is not the woman's body and mind 
that is being destroyed - chopped 
to pieces or burned to death . 
Rather, the mind and body of 
another human being is being 
destroyed, along with his right to 
life and dignity. It is thatlifeUiat no 
one shou 1d have the rightful 
authority to dictate. 

Ms. Reid-Kiss, you may say that 
you stand by the phrase " let each 
become all that she (and hopefully, 
he) is capable of becoming . I 
applaud this position all the way. 

I also feel tllat any reasonable 
individual who suscribes to such a 

You can almost feel the hook set. 
Have you ever met a student who was financially independent? 

Did you ever talk to a student who was really paying all the school 
related expenses from an earned income? Isn't everybody here in 
the same fix I am, i.e. , being financed by some person, or some 
agency to a degree? Even work-study is federally subsidized. 
Indeed, one of the more essential indulgences with which society 
favors students is the willingness to assist one who seeks higher 
learning. More often than not, this assist takes a form we can all 
smell, touch, and feel - bucks . 

We' re all joint ventures. Somewhere, for each of us there is a 
sponsor (be it the Fed, our parents, the VA, or whomever) with 
enough faith in our guts and energy to bankroll our education. That 
sp.onsor is laying down some pretty hea vy bread. I figure that mine 
must be on my side. 

Why then, would I want to deny my fiscal sponsor any 
information? How does my being an adult, and " fully responsible 
for my actions" work to inhibit the release of information? 

Why has tqe government legislated itself into the act? What is 
the real reason for granting license to federally supported schools, 
permitting them to deny requests for information from parents? 

Parents appear to be the only entities to whom data can be 
successfully denied since all other fiscal sponsors (government 
agencies and departments of the university) can gain access to 
data by contacting the appropriate school official. 

It looks like an almost subliminal inference that parents, and 
therefore families , don' t count. Now why should the Fed want us to 
think tilat? Are we easier to manage as large groups than as 
family units? 

116 Solana Hills Dr. 
Solana Beach 
So.tltwat Coner of 1·5 
.... Lo.u S-ta Fe Dr. 

~a- fro_ VOM .., Sa\I..()a, 
(714) 755-1041 

1298 Prospect St., 
Suite 2C 
La JoUa, CA 92037 
la the Co .... t Walk 
(714) 459-2002 

~----------------------------------------------.. --.--···--------------T-• • 
I . • PROGRAMS: SPRING 1978 

READING 
PROGRAM 

Individual and Small Class Programs to Help 
You Develop Essential 'Learning Skills 

TEST YOUR READING 
SKILLS ACADEMIC SKILLS WRITING TUTORIAL PROG. Speed and Comprehension Tests 

April 3 - Monday 10:00 PROGRAM PROGRAMS MATH·PHYSICS CUNIC 

April 4 - Tuesday 

I April 5 - Wednesday 

April 6 - Thursday 

11 :00 This program is intended to help Improve your writing skills for tests, (Also Economica) 
1:00 students in academic difficulty improve papers, and research. Classes begin the Location: 4070 USB 
2:00 their overall academic skills. PRIORITY second week of the quarter. ,Short.term help with Math, Physics, or 
9:00 IS GIVEN TO STUDENTS WITH WRITING ADJUNCT Economics problems. No appointment 

10:00 BELOW 2.0 GPA AND TO SPECIAL For lower divi.ioa .tadeat. cur· necessary. Use the clinics as often as 
10:00 ACTION STUDENTS. rently enrolled in a regular freshman you need. 11:00 9:00 In·depth interview and diagnostic testing writing program. One hour class, one Monday· Thursday 10-4 and 6-9 pm 
10:00 lead to an individualized program that individual conference per week. Focus Friday 10-4 pm 

can include: . on in·class writing and discussion . Sunday 6-9 pm 
Location: Warren CoIJese • • learning skills counseling Covers ... 11 writing that you do in your BIOLOGY.CHEMISTRY 
Building .. 06 (Matthews) • study skills training regular courses. CUNIC 

READING SKILLS CLASSES • reading improvement Tuesday 11-11:50 Location: 4010 USB 
Locahon: Warren College 406 • writing skills training Location: OASIS Multi·Purpose Room, Short-term help ,with Biology or 
Classes begin the week o( April 10. Each • tutorial support Student Center, Building B. Chemistry problems. No appointment 
class is 5 weeks • self-instructional modutes UPPER DIVISION ADJUNCT is necessary. Use the clinic as often as 

. I d? C ' t ct D-H t For tra •• fer stade.t • . Focus on Basic Reading Improvement ntereate ?n a DOE Y· h hod you need. 452 3760 d th fi .t two shQrt·term papers, researc met s , Monday-Thursday 12·4 and 6-9 pm Word attack skills, phonics, root words. • an.g e r composition, punctuation, and organi-
Emphasis on careful reading for under. week. of the quarter , zation. Friday 12·4 pm 
t d· EFFECTIVE Sunday 6-9 pm san Ing. Wednesday 10.10:50 

Section 1 - Tues.. & Thurs. 10:00 COMMUNICATIONS location: OASIS Multi-Purpose Room, INDIVIDUAL TUTORING 
Section 2 - Mon. & Wed. 10:00 WORKSHOP Student Center, Building B. Individual and group tutoring is available 

. (or most lower division math, science, 
Power Headins Weekly sessions for students with ASSIGNMENT and social science courses. You must 

In·depth comprehension, paragraph academic, personal , or school adjust· BRAINSTORM sign up at OASIS to request a tutor. 

Learn New I 
Skills - Im-
prove Cur-
rent Skills. 
Assistance 
is available 
on a ·Iong-
term or 
short-term 
basis. 

structure, vocabulary development , ment problems. For Revelle eta.ah enrolled in Tutors and tutees meet weekly 
main ideas, evaluation, inference. Some Sign up at OASIS April 3-7. . Humanities 11 and 12 sequences. throughout the quarter. STUDY SKILLS 
emphasis on speed. ACADEMIC SUPPORT Preparation for writing directed at BE A TUTOR Sect~n 1 - Tues. & Thurs. 11:00 WORKSHOP yoar particular assignments. PROGRAM 

• SectIOn 2 - Mon. & We~. 11:00 April 22, Sabanlay Tuesday 12·12:50 Pro\lOet.' Tatorial TARGET SERIES One Shot 
E ' St!eed Re.dlng A one-day workshop _ meet ASP staff, Location: OASIS Multi-Purpose Room, Fellowahip Progr... Semi ..... 011 Stady Skill. 

(fiCient habits, rhythmiC eye move- learn about OASIS services, pick up Student Center, Building B. Sophomores and Juniors with a 3.0 gpIl Locatio. 406 Warreu College 
ment, paragraph structure, readlllg some new skills DROP.IN CONFERENCES who have completed lower division Tune Management ..... Apr. 13Thur 3:00 
with a purpose. One hour of lab recom- . FOR ALL SlUDENTS. Get help in a mathematics requirements are eli9ble 
mended per week. Books, self-instructional materials, and p to become tutors. New tutors enroD in Reading & Note-takin) - Apr. 20 

writing crisis or emergency. repara- Th 3 00 Section 1 - Mon. & Wed. 1:00 other information will be available. Sign lion for eSSil!Y type examinations. TEP 196 tor 4 credits. Uponcompfetion Mid T P . Ap u2rs7 ' : Section 2 - Mon. & Wed. 2:00 up tor a tutor. Peer SkaJs Counselors Monday 10-H,2-3 of the tutor training course, tutors are . erm reparatIOn - t _ 
PU YBACK CENTER and OASIS Learning Skills CounMlors Wednesday 1-2 eligible for a cash stipend. APPLY AT Thurs. 3:00 

Reading comprehe~ion materials and wiI provide you with one·atop .kills Thursday 1a-l1,2-4 mE OASIS OFFICE PRIOR TO Spelling &. Gram"""r P ...... _o .. r 
workbooks, as well as placement tests improvement recommendations. APRIL 6. Thurs. 3:00 • 
and counseling are ava~able. OPEN TO All INTERESTED I 

Mon.-Thurs. 8:00 am-9:00 pm STUDENTS. SIGN UP AT OASIS I 
Friday 8'00 am-5'OO pm AFTER APRIL 3. I ~:~:y ~ :~~~:~~~~~ . QUESTIONS & INFO: Call OASIS at 452-3760: 

,------____________________________________ ~!~~~!!t~!~!~!J_~~!!~t~I_~J 



• I ...................... ;.; rUDder·····~···duates NeededT 
i as ath Graders ~ ~ (.94/hour ) ! 
· . 
· . 
· . i Applicants must be registered students .. have ~ 
: an overall College GPA of 3.0 or better (and: 
: have an established UCSD GPA), and have: 
: good grades in Math ~A, B, C, D, ~r ~ or any: 
: upper division Math courses. A~pbca~o~ a_re·: 
: available on the top floor of ~&M . . Selected : ! graders will be contacted early l~ the quarter. : 
• • 

LSTUDENTS· WHO HAVE .GRADED ~ 
: BEFORE MUST APPLY AGAIN AT: 

~ THIS TIME. ~ 
· . 
• ••••••••••••••• ~ • ..!~ .. =~.~ 

Janice's 
Hair Garden Special 

Men's Haircuts - OnIL~8· 

Janie,·, Solons: 
110 E. WMhinglon. Hillertsl 
197-8380 

J17 Third A Vf! . 
Chula VislQ 
416-1833 
80lh So/OM o{Wn 

9-B.sal. H 

all hair services 
with Student ID 

and this ad 

Janiel ', Hair G'!,ikll 

Mon-Fri. 9-B 

R~g. 510 

.0 ....... 1..,. 
Fedlilly awarene •• · being Inveltlgated 

The rhythm. method revised 
by Michael Castleman 
Pacific News Service 

Every morning. San Francisco medical 
student Anne Carlyle, 25. takes her 
temperaturt", performs a vaginal examination 
and records her findings on a chart and 
mentions them to her husband. This simple 
routine Is how Carlyle practices birth control. 
She uses the "fertility awareness" method. a 
modernized rhythm system that enables women 
to identify accurately their fertile days each 
month by examining their cervical mucus. 

"I've used pills condoms, a diaphragm - and 
prayer " says Carlyle, who has relied on 
fertility awareness for a year. ':We sti!1 use a 
condom or diaphragm when I m fertile, but 
when I'm not, there's no need to use anything. 
Every birth control method causes some hassle. 
Why use one if you don't have to?" 

Fertility awareness and traditional rthythm 
both attempt to identify a woman's fertile d~ys. 
the week to 10 days each month around the tIme 
she releases an egg, or ovulates. 

The key difference between the two methods 
is that to practice traditional rhythm, a woman 
pays attention to the calendar. T~ practice 
fertility awareness, she pays attentIOn to. her 
body. 

"Fertility awareness teaches women to 
communicate with their bodies directly," says 
Karen Faire-Hammond, a consultant to the U.S. 
Department of Health, Education and Welfare 
in California. "The body clearly announces its 
fertile time each month if a woman is trained to 
recognize the signals." 

Faire-Hammond. who has used the method 
herself for live years and has taught it for two 
years, says that calendars are unreliable 
fertility indicators. Traditional rhythm, she 
explains, assumes that women ovulate 
regularly; but very few women actually do. And 
the menstrual cycle of those women who do 
ovulate regularly can shift unexpectedly when 
they travel, get sick or suffer emotional stress. 

Studies to date indicate that fertility 
awareness works as well as other birth control 
methods, says Faire-Hammond. A five-country 
study of 2,000 couples in 1975, by Dr. Claude 
Lanctot at Fairfield University, sbowed the 
method to be up to 98 percent effective. 

And fertility awareness is "more than just a 
method for preventing conception," says 
Deborah Rogow, a health educator who teaches 
fertility awareness for the San Francisco Health 
.Department. "It can help couples who want to 
conceive a child by pinpointing the fertile days." 

The National Institutes of Health is now 

the time of ovulation. then closes, hardens and 
drops back into the vagina when the woman is no 
longer fertile. 

Rogow's course in fertility awareness meets 
three hours every other week for three sessions. 
A dozen women attend each course, and many 
bring husbands or boyfriends. Rogow says she 
explains the physiological basis for fertility 
awareness and discusses each wom~n's chart 
with her individually. She advises that a woman 
chart her mucus, temperature and cervix size 
for several months before relying on fertility 
awareness for contraception. 

"Many women say: 'This is so simple, why 
didn't anyone tell us before? '" Rog6w says. One 

. reason, she contends, is that " drug companies 
have supported most contraceptive" research. 
Their financial Interest lay in developing pills 
and IUDs. They haven't supported fertility 

. awareness research because it allows women to 
rely on themselves, instead of on a drug 
company product. When women who have had 
bad experiences with pills and IUDs realize this, 
they get very angry. " 

Rogow says men who attended her classes 
have been enthusiastic about the experience. 

"I'm really glad 1 learned it," says Carlyle's 
28-year-old husband, a graduate student at the 
University of California-Berkeley. " I used to be 
in the dark about birth control aOnd Anne's 
fertility. Now I just look at the chart. Our 
contraception is more out · in the open, more 
integrated into our lives." 

The initial impetus behind fertility awareness 
came from Roman Catholics, because rhythm is 
the only contraceptive method the Church 
allows. Drs. John and Evelyn Billings, an 
Australian Catholic husband-and-wife team, 
correlated the cervical mucus cycle with 
fertility 20 years ago, when fertiHty research 
here focused on developing the pill and IUD. 

Pope Paul VI renewed his predecessors' ban 
of all contraceptive devices in 1968 when many 
believed the Church's position should be 
modified . A 1976 survey of American Catholics 
attributed steep declines in cburch attendance 
and financial support to the ruling against birth 
control. 

Recently, Pope Paul endorsed efforts to 
improve the rhythm method. He said technical 
solutions to buman problems had achieved 
"deceptive results," an apparent reference to 
the health hazards associated with the pill and 
IUD. 

.. 

• 

_______________________ • testing the effectiveness of fertility awareness 
at Cedar-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles. Results 

Many Catholic agencies now teach the 
"Billings method" , Faire-Hammond says , 
which relies solely on mucus identification and 
stresses abstinence on fertile days. The secula • 
fertility awareness method adds temperature 
and cervix size to mucus identification and 
counsels couples to choose among abstinence. 
condoms, foam or diaphragm on fertile days, 
she says. 

THE LITERATURE DEPT. 
has made the following 

CHANGES & ADDITIONS 
to its Spring Quarter course offerings: 

NEW CO URSES; 
Lit / Eng 108 THE WANING OF THE MIDDLE AGES: 15th 
CENTURY. MWF 1:00- 1:50 US B 3060. Course Code: 8440. In tructor: 
David Crowne. 
Lit / Gen 128 DRAMA; TH E COMIC TRADITION. TU-TH 10:30-
II :50. US B 3020. Course Code: 8433. Instructor: Ron Martinez. 
Lit / Sp 190 SEMINAR: ISS E IN CHICANO L1TERAT RE. TU-
TH 9:00-10:20 HSS 2154. Instructor: Yvonne Yarbro. 

ROOM AND TIME CHANGES: 
Lit / En 117 SEV NTEENTH CENT RY. TU-TH 2:30-3:50 P&L 2523.1 Course Code: 6 123. Instructor: Staff. , 

: Lit / Fr 125 TWENTIETH CENTURY NOVEL. TU-TH 2:30-3:50 USB 
2060. Cour e Code: 6200. Instructor: Alain Cohen. 
Lit / Gen 53 FICTION IN OUR TIME. TU-TH 1:00-2:20 HSS 1330. 

,Course Code: 6228. Inst ructor: J a mes Simmons. 
• Lit / Sp 102 SPAl\ISH DRAMATIC LITER TURE : LA 
CELESTINA. TU-TP '1 :30-12:50 USB 3030B. Course Code: 6447. 
In t ructor: Maria Lacura. 

ROOM CHANGE~; 
Lit/ Gen 19C GRECO · ROMAN WORLD. MWF 1:00-1 :50 HL 1205. 

I Lit/ Gen 151 HEBREW LITERA TURE IN TRANSLA 1101 ; BIBLE 
- THE POETIC BO~)ICS. and 
LI./Heb 124 BIBLE _ . THE POETIC BOOKS. MWF 2:00-2:50. APM 
2250. I 

I 
Lit/ He J INTERMEDI~TE HEBREW. MWF 11 :00- 11 :50. TLH 109.1 
Lit/Soc 23 LlTERAT RE AND HI TORY; THIRD WORLD 
LlTERAT RE AND ULTURAL IMPERIALISM. MWF 2:00-2: 50 

I DB 2135. 
1 CANCELLED; 

Llt/ p 103 PANISH POETRY; LATIN AMERICAN POETRY. 
Lit/ Fr 190 S MI NAR B: DE CARTES 

are expected next year. 
Fertility awareness experts caution that 

women should take courses in the method before 
attempting to classify their mucus , since 
individual women have different mucus cycles. 

" It takes some time to learn," say Rogow, 
" but it becomes like second nature, like driving 
a car." 

Women can identify ovulatiQn by studying 
their tempera ture every morning. Temperature 
rises noticeably during ovulation, and the cervix 
undergoes cyclic changes as well. It opens, 
softens and lifts away from the vagina around 

HEW plans to award a one-year $100,000 
contract for a fact-finding mission to study who 
teaches fertility awareness in the United States, 
how and to whom. HEW sources said an 
unexpectedly large number of bids have been 
submitted for this contract, many by Catholic 
agencies. 

" Fertility awareness is the hottest thing 
happening in birth control," Rogow says. 

Need Money? 
Revised! 

Apply Now lor Financial Aid 
Due to full expenditure of current-year fund., the 
Student Financial Services Office staff cannot accept any 
additional requests for changes in financial aid awards for the 
remainder of this academic year. Changes which are mandated 
by regulations. for example reductions due to less than 12 units, 
will continue for the remainder of this year. 

Expanded! 
Updated! 

( o r Ih e: ilcil d c: m i c 
communl!) , New "71 
MhkNI ! 1rK'ludn bot 
P" . ClIo uf bar,illft 
nlMhl :... fll r~ lind /riC" 
("ommod.\iun~ ph •• 
raeb aboul dlll4'Ount .. 

Proce .. ing of next year'. financial aid file. b_ 
began. If you have not applied for aid and would like to apply 
for financial assistance for 1978·79, you must apply 
immediately. Students who have not re·applied for 1978-79 
will have their current financial aid checks held, a ppli t:ll li o n li . (u r I trud d oc Llmtnb. mych mOR. "or .. udtnt • 

fltculty. Itdmtnl~I""lor). CO\c:" Europe. M ia . I 
Arnc:a. I.adn Amt'nca . the US ,nd the held t .lI t. I Renewal .pplicatiO'" for Cal Grant A or B recipieat. 

were due on March 28. If you did not receive your renewal 
application prior to that deadline date, you should contact the 
Student Aid Commission directly. 
Resent.' SChol .... llip _nouacement. will be .... iled 
on April 15: On June 1, 1978-79 Offers of Financial Aid will be 
mailed to students who have completed their financial aid files 
by April 15. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I ' 

If you h.ve any quat ion. about the finnncial aiel 
proce •• or if you need application forms, please contact the 
receptionist in your college's Student Financial Services Office. 

"- - - ------- I 
", .... ----- ----'- - I 
(h, _______ ---=-oOo..-'-_ I 

I 
'----..... -------___________ .... I ~,.,. I .... ---"''- I 

--------------1 

Mel • ...,. ApfI a. 117. 

·uc seeks ·help on holdings 
Because of a March 17 vote by 

the UC Board of Regents , the 
upiversity will for the first time 
seek outside advice on its 
corporate investments, such as 
those in racially-segregated 
South Africa . 

The vote, which was lman-
nounced but reportedly close, 
allows the Regents to subscribe 
for a one-year period to the 
Investor Responsibility 
Research Center, a Washing-
ton-based service founded by 
several leading universities 
and foundations to provide 
infonnation on how money is 
spent by companies and the 
social consequences of the 
expenditures. 

The proposal to use· the 

services, which will cost about Another conservative Re-. 
$6700 for the year, was drawn gent. Verne Orr. suggested that 
up by Regent Stanley K . copies of the reports be sent 
Sheinbaum, and passed the only to the Regents who want 
Regents ' Special Committee on them. 
Socially-Responsible Invest- Sheinbaum said all the 
ments. However. it was then Regents should read the 
voted down by the Finance reports to assess their useful-
Committee. ness, "even those predisposed 

Research information pro- against them." 
vided by the service is expected The research service pro-
to be important as the Regents posal was the first of a series of 
consider controversial issues proposals which Sheinbaum 
involved in corporate proxy said he plans to offer on the 
fights. in vestme n ts issue in the 

However, not all the Regents coming months. 
will be using the infonnation. Next month, he will submit a 

" If the reports come to me, proposal to create an advisory 
they'll go promptly into the committee, comprised of 
wastebasket," said Regent students, faculty , staff and 
Edward Carter. "It's no use to alumni, to bring different 
send me the damn things." viewpoints on the Regents' 

investment portfolio . The 
resolution was brought up at 

(Continued from page 1) . . the Fin a nee Com mitt e e 
weather prediction. deep sea drilling and the carbon ~lOxlde meeting March 16, and ran into 
problem as some of the institution's areas offocus, but said that op posi ti on from severa I 
there were "innumerable" other projects both large and small R~~e~t~ j I d . 

Nierenberg •.. 

being worked on. em aum sl a sOh. rhawI~lgl 
The importance ofSIO to the " real " world was illustrated in one up a proposa w IC WI 

particular story by Nierenberg. He said that several years ago reco~mend the tranferance of 
whim Washington was debating whether or not to have gas UC.lDvestment ~un~s from 
ra tioning,it wa imperative for Congress to know whether it would bus~nesses operat1Og. 10 South 
be a cold winter in the northeast. . " . ~fnca to toose operatmg closer 

" They already had the gas ration coupons printed, said ,0 home. 
Nierenberg . " But they came to Dr. Namais at Scripps to get a long _ 
range weather forecast. He predicted a mild winter; 1 carried that f·<>· ........ ·_·· ... ··_ ....... _· ..... _, 
message tc? D~ . O~t:ns in Washington, and subsequently there was '·COll.,..,. TNITYf' 
no gas ratlOmng. ' - " D&.LUU 
Much of Nierenberg's time for the past. 30 years has been "BLOOD n A 1III..TTr! 

spent in Washington where he has bee~ an advisor on a ~umber of :( ~ ~ ~ 
scientific issues. Dealing on the cabmet level now, Nierenberg 1 9831ndl. , 
from 1976 through 1977 was the Senior Consultant of the White '! 327 F Street f 
House Office of Science and Technology Policy. Gerald Ford l PAYS DONORS t 
probably just didn't ask bim .the right question - how to beat ( ! 
Carter. Though Nierenberg said that he has been urged to pursue ( for Service ; 
political o!.lice, he believes that in his present job he has " more ( M_ . . Fri . t 
mOuence. I 233-5411 ; 

Perhaps more important, as he admitted, is t~at, .... j';1st hate i 234.4601 i 
losing." This aside, he is nonetheless adament 10 behevmg that L ___ .. _ .. _ •. __ . __ ._j 
other scientists should get involved w:ith politics , as "scientists 
can best understand some of the problems facing us now in this ~\. 
age. " 

Nierenberg. better than most. knows what it's like to usher in a 
new age, as at age 22 he was in charge of a section of 30 scientists • 
working on the Manhattan Project (development of the atom 
bomb) . Though working on the project was " the greatest teacher 
in my life," Nierenberg has some reservations about the end 
result. 

" I started a petition circulating a round that we s hould only ha ve 
a demonstration of the bomb and not put it to use. 

" I guess the higer-ups never saw it or ignored it. I'm not critical 
of their decision though. It was a damned diIficult one." 

Nierenberg 's decisions after leaving the project baven 't been as 
difficult, going from an Instructor at Columbia University to an 
Assistant Professorship at the University of Michigan, and finally 
to a Professor of Physics at Berkeley before assuming his post at 

-,., 

SIO in 1965. The years have brought changes in Nierenberg, (Please tum to page t) 

ODir8.JlypawtlErlla1i 
PRECISION CUTnNG 

SKlNCARE 
.lULUET MANICURING 

Royal Office 
Model Machines 

565 
3567 University Avenue 
San Diego S63~ 
Mastcrchargc, BankAmcricard 

OPEl 1 DAYS A WEEK 
948 GARNET AV. IZ70-7'-1 
PACIFIC BCH. 1121l1li - -

2 BLKS. FROM THE OCEAN 

A coaplet. Redllea Saloa 

U51Ho....,Ct. 
.... tbra.. ...... vm... ... 

45~0610 
' .... DI~T 

ON SERVICES 
Co ",III, Student 0' ~acu'." 10 

i... lringtni':.c:oupon. ,6~ 
•. -4 

We Are Speelalbts 
Dedlea"" To Quallt~ 

OFFERlla AI ElTEIIiVE SEucnOI OF 
THE ITEIS II WHICH WE SPECIALIZE 

OVER 225 BULK COfllTAIIERS 
..• HELP YOURSELF 

o FRESH BREAD 
o SEEDS FOR EATING· SPROUTING 
o GRAINS. NUTS • DRIED FRUIT 
o BULK HONEY. JUICES. ETC. 
• BASIC NATURAL FOODS 

JUICE BAR a TEA ROOM 
OVER. HERBS • TEAS • SPICES 

OUR OWN BACKPACKING MEALS 
WE GRIND FRESH PEANUT BUTTER 
I ALMOND BUTTER 

RETAIL I WHOLESALE 

SAT. & SUN. - April 8th & 9th 
.--_ ---' From 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. BOTH DAYS! ___ -, 
* Hundreds of FRI?E RECORDSI 
* Hundreds of FREE TICKETS 

to _ Circus V.rlllS' 

* The F.ntHtic 8 ·100 Dileo 
Machine! 

* 1 siN:. of Square Pan Pizu and 
• Pepsi for only 254 , * FRE.E POSTERS I 

* KFMS's Gary Kelly! 

olll98LP.1 
alI8-track! & 

CQlletbu 
SALe PRICeD 

ucoo 
II y . ttaSPlr4 L 

* Circus Clowns on Saturday ! 

I 
-Same entrance to La Jo lla Village 1 nn 

Villa Norte Shopping Center 
3211 Holidav Court , Ph . 455 ·5580 

Across from Germllin 's Deli 

STORE HOURS 
Mon . thru Fri. 10:00 to 9 :30 

Saturdav 10:00 to 7:00 
Sunday 11 :00 to 5 :00 

. -

LOW COST 
Auto 

Insurance 
for College Stud nts 
and Youthful Drivers 

California Law nOw Requires all rl\l~rs 0 be in-
sured . Shop around - Then drop by or call us for a 
free quotation . 

Offered exclusively in San Diego by 
Monte R. Kelley I nsu ra nee Age ney '. 
5187 College Avenue . 583-9393 

• 



..... 

. ~~ .. ~~~~ .. ~~,.~~ .. ~~ ...• 

BARGAINS 

Girl's-Guy's & Children's 
0ItIDs Tops Sportswear Dittos 

• Plus: 

.. 

.. 

.. 

... 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

• 2 for • Dittos Shorts: $599 
: or $31' ea. Spring Dresses: $]18-$121' ~ .. 

IAat StrIIsI -JiT-i Much More at 80% OFF -w!:.: 5887 Un,"""" Ave & Men's! .. 

ABORnON 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
*LOWCOST 
*CONFI DENTIAL 

*STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

. ... (nxt. door to the Cine,..,.. Theatre) . : .. 
.. Phone' 217-9180 

.. Hra: Mon-FrI: 10-9 Sat 1M Sun~ 12-5 - ' .. liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 
••••••••••••••••••••••• 

ABOUND THE WORLD 
IN'MANY WAYSl 

Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 5000 

ch~rters !i~ted, ~scorted tours, air/sea 
crUlses, mml vacatIons. 
Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

... Client Protection 
United California Traveline, Inc. 

CHARTERS 
APEX-SKYTRAIN 

Student Fares 
Europe-Hawaii 

.. " 

Don 't Take Chances 
291-8141 

DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEL, INC. 

~ ,'j' ~ .; ,. • ', ... 

Wow! Montezuma Snowblast® with Fresca: 
It brings out the animal in you. 

Over ice or snow add 1 oz. of rna 
Tequila, to delicious Fresca.lt's a chiller! 
() 1978. 80 procA Montuuma Tequila, DIstilled and bottled by Berton DIstillers Import Co .. New York, N.Y, 
"Fresea Is a registered trademark of the <:oa-<:oIa Company. 

UCSD over$hado 
by Sieve Gould 
SponsEdUor 

As expected, the nation's top 
rowing powers took most of the 
honors In last SatUrday's sixth 
annual San Diego Crew Classic at 
Mission Bay. Orange Coast 
College, Washington, Penn and 
Cal Berkeley dominated the 33 
races and heats, leaving the other 
21 schools and clubs to vie for 
runner-up spots . 

UCSD's men's and women's 
squads. feeling the pressure of 
tough competition and rowing in 
their first meet of the - season, 
mamlged only one strong showing 
as the men took third in the' Cal 
Cup, 

Choppy water conditions from 
swells produced by showers on 
Thursday and Friday slowed 

Puck wins 
AAhockey 
What the Puck and the Stick 

Handlers won the Men's AA and A 
division floor hockey champion-

times and provided noticeable 
advantages for teams rowing in 
the middle two lanes. Teams on 
the outside lanes had to Datt1e ,~ 
strong wakes left by the JlIJ'<AlI". 
two shells and judges boats . 

Close Cal Cup 
In the Triton's best showing 

the day, the Jack Valle 
coached men's 8 made a good 
at winning the 2000 meter race 

ships contested durin~ finals week ON THEIR WAY - UCSD'. 
of the I~st ac~de~lc quarter. aaoraUtg heat at S.twrclay'. SaIl 

C.h~!DPIO~shIPS ID all fo~r ia the Cal Cup rau. 
diVISions of m~ramural soccer WIll ran out of gas in the final 200 
be played thIS weekend due to meters 
inclement weather last month. UCSD challenged the eventual 

The recap of fl~or hockey, winner, Cal State Long Beach 
soccer and ~awallan football (winning time of 6: 31.3) , for the 
playoff, games. first 1000 meters and pulled 

in Crew Class c 
ra a distant fifth . 
Triton Frosh 8, rowing 

vely for the first time 
third in their heat for 

Is at 6: 34.5, behind 
on (6 : 13 .2) and UC 

Tritons f-aded to seventh, despite 
improving their time by 15 
seconds to 3: 31.9, USC won the 
1000 meter event in a swift 3: lS ,L 

In the women's eight finals, 
UCSD was only 6,9 seconds behind 
Cal ' s winning " B" shell, but 
settled for sixth place in 2: S8.9. 
USC finished fourth, just .5 
seconds ahead of t.he Triton gals. 

rowiIIS team .troka their way to a third place fiaieh ia a 
CI ... ic at MieeioD "51. The Trito •• latln took third place 

potential yet. " Oarsman 

I M basketball 

tritDn times 

UCSD's lightweight eight shell 
made it to the grand finals but it 
took a technicality to allow the 
Tritons to row with one of the 
toughest fields of the day. 

In the qualifying heat, UCSD 
was nosed out of third place (only 
the top three shells earn berths in 
the grand finals) by UCLA, with 
the Bruins clocking 6: 30,3 and 
UCSD 6: 31.2 . But the Bruins were 
disqualified when a judge ruled 
they had rowed into the Triton's 
water. 

ValJerga explained that the 
UCLA coxswain went for the 
wrong aiming point (the markings 
in the water designating each 
lane). " They were in our way the 
last 500 meters," Vallerga stated. 

In the grand finals for the 
lightweight eights , Vallerga 
candidly stated his team would 
" probably finish second to last or 
last because UC Berkeley, Penn, 
Washington and MBRA (Mission 
Bay Rowing Association) are the 
senior, squads. Our race is against 
OSU (Oregon State). " 

True to his word, the Triton shell 
did battle Oregon State for last 
place, with OSU beating UCSD by 
4,4 seconds, 3: 47.0 to 3: S1.4 . Penn 
won the race in 6: 13 .8. 

Schreiber said, "We had the 
but not the finese. We'll 

to perfect our balance and 
(for the Petit final s later in 
. Our oars kept hitting the In Yo' Face takes AAA title 
We'll have to row as Ii M~n s AA floor hockey - slightly ahead at the 1200 meter 

Behmd t}1ree goals by Joel Gloyer, mark. But CSLB maintained their 
What the Puck ~efeat~d the Little pace of 36 to 38 strokes per Petit frosh eight finals , 
Green Bags 4-1 m~hetlth:game.1t and overtook UCSD at 1500 appeared tired from the 

Doug Harrell and Mallory 
Mitchell each scored 20 points to 
lead' previously uhseeded In Yo' 
Face to a 69·60 upset victory over 
the Abusers to win the Men's AAA 
intramural division b,asketball 
champion hi., held during finals 
week of last quarter. 

AA, Inputs-Outputs won the Men's 
A, Smokin' Still took the S'10" and 
Under title, Basket Ca es copped 
the Coed title and Go For It nabbed 
the women's crown. Recaps of 
semifinal and championship 
games in each division: 

was the second time thiS season meters. heat and finished seventh. 
Puck knocked of( the B~g~ by 8'4-1 While the Tritons tried desper· Women's races 
cou.nt (the other declslOn was ately to quicken their pace, Loyola ,-",'n,, _ women's novice eight 

du~mg regular season play) . Ron sprinted past them in the final 250 third in their early morning 
BeICk sco~ed the lone goal.for t~e meters to capture the runner-up (run at 8: 30 am - the first 
Bags dun~g the champIOnshIp spot. UCSD was timed in 6: 33.8, of the day) in 3: 46.9, behind Men's AAA 
game" just one full second behind Loyola. (3: 27.7) and USC (3 : 43) , In other 1M division champion- Finishing in fifth place during 

Me~ s A floor hock.ey - Steven USC was fourth and UC Santa in the novice finals , t.h~ • ship games, Whiff won the Men's the regular season with a 3-4 
Gaddl ' s goal 1: 34 Into sudden ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~recor~lnYo' FacemadeH~the 
death overtime enabled the Stick finals by blasting Mojave Green 
Handl rs to eek out a 3-2 decision p U m mel Pt. L 0 m a 80·54, In the other semifinal game, 
over the Zingers fo r the A title. the Abusers upset top seeded 
The win was the seventh against Abrewang 61-S2. 
no losses and one tie fo r the by Mark "LllIUIt! rl In the title game, Yo' Face held 
Handler s while the Zingers Craig J ahries and Tom Nicholson. But it also lost five a slim 33-31 halftime lead and 
suffered their first setback (6·1-1) . When he was asked Saturday games, to Wyoming, on March 16, 8-1; to Westmont, pulled away at the end, MI'chael 

S to coach one more yea r with the M h 18 3 1 A P 'f' 
B f 

occer which is now 2-15 on the s arc , - ; to zusa aCI IC, last Wednesday, 20-0 Coleman added 16 for Yo' Face (6-
ecause 0 poor field conditions and 14·2; and to Point Lorna, Saturday, 3-0 , 4 final record) whl'le JI'm Babcock 

d . t t . d' th immediately replied, "No. Th A d bl h d d h an persIs en nlln urmg e e zusa ou e ea er represente t e low point of had 16, Rob Li n 14 and Dave 
tenth week of last quarter , " For abut the first IS games of~,ulI, the season, as the Cougars combined five home runs C lh 1 f h 
s eml'fl' nal an d champI'onshl' p missing some key people, for "'ccI0lIlre2IsoTIS , d 22 h't 'th I UCSD f' ld' a oun 2 or t e Abusers (6-3) . ~, an I s WI soppy Ie 109 and pitching to 
games in all four divisions of yet I was still pleased with our n ",,,"lrfnr rn<>n,',,, demolish the Tritons. 
intramura l soccer ha ve been "Firstofall, wehadn 'thadanyworkoutsforaweek- Men'sAA 
resc heduled for this comi ng and·a-half before the Azusa games, because of finals , Whiff easily defea ted the 
weekend. - They always are the dog days for us ," said Olsen, "But Screaming Eagles 58-40 for the 

In the Men's AAA division, the this year's team was the first I've had in six years when Men's AA title. In the semifinals, 
Beagle Bongers, top seeded and we had wholesale absenteeism during spring break, , the second seeded Eagles edged. 
champions of the Turquoise Four or five key players didn't show up at Azusa, and the RUllnin' Rebels 45·41 while 
League, defeated fourth seeded that hurt the spirit of the guys that did come to play. Whiff bested Med 50-43 . Top 
GGGC 2-1 in overtime to earn a " And besides that, Azusa is a damn good team . If we seeded Whiff (9-0) raced to a 29-20 
berth against second seeded would've gone up there at the top of our games, they halfti~e lead and .coas~ed from 
Kilmanjaro International Foot- still probably would've took both games," he said. there ID the champIOnship game, 
ball Club (KIFC) in the finals. Most of the gamei UCSD played over the past two Waterpol? coach Russ. Haff~r-
KIFC made it to the finals by weeks served as a showcase for the team's major kamp talhed 16 for WhIff, while 
blanking the Diablos 3-0. weakn~ss all year - lack of hitting. In the six games Je~f Mar~s add~d ~~ and Chri~ Lin 

Fifth seeded Rocky Mountain the Tntons played before beating Point Lorna , they chIpped ID 10, 6 10 Gr~g Well~nd 
Oysters beat DVRS 2-0 and play scol'ed only five runs on 24 hits. They were shut out led the Eagles (9-1) WIth 9 pomts 
the winner of the BHY / PBJ On three times in that period, once on only two hits , and Fred Evans and Barry Kress 
Toast game for the Men's A title. But Saturday against Point Lorna, the Tritons hitters each had 8. 

The Hotshoes, seeded number 
one for the playoffs, face third 
seeded Talking Heads for the Coed 
AAA championship . The Hotshoes 
made it to the finals by whitewash-
ing Pohono 4-0 and the Heads 
qualified by picking apart the 
Scoopers 3·0, 

Quicksilver, seeded only fifth 
for the playoffs , plays the winner UCSD catcu, Do .. v ...... al _I, 
of this weekend's Rocky Mountain . . 
Oysters/Sasquatch game for the saId Olsen, who retired from 
Coed AA title . Quicksilver shut out season, but returned at the request 
tITe Cosmic Rangers in the J~~y Sweet. . 
semifinals 2-0 Most of the tIme, we played ." .. ,,' ....... 

~ll places and dates of semifinal our pitching ~nd defense , Of 
a nd fin a I gam e s are still more please If. we had gotten 
undetermined so contact Mike need~ them, If we had got.the .w .... __ 
Hipp in the 1M office at 452-4037 or the Imeup every game. StIll, I 
stop by the Rec Gym Office. team, tal~nt-wise,. l've ever had 

Hula Bowl The ~ntons showed a spark of tsfIIWu 
The Kona Koasters avenged an wh~n, In the s ond half of a 

earlier defeat by crushing the POlDt Lorna Co~lege, they e.: ItPI'ooe!d 
Zoidoids 25-7 in the Hula Bowl for hits to take their second Win 
the championship of the Hawaiian B.ut the rest of the games 
football league. The Zoidoids had sprmg break weeks were rather 
clobberedtheKoasters31-4during team did capture its ,first win of 
regular season play, over Westmont, 1-0, ~hlnd 

knocked the cobwebs off their bats, especially in the Men's A 
fifth inning when the first seven hitters reached base Inputs-Outputs , seeded only 
safely en route to a six-run, eight-hit inning. fourth for the playoffs, nipped the 

Second baseman Mark Sharp, who just joined the Gophers 46-43 in the finals. Input 
team this quarter, led the UCSD attack with a perfect made it to the title game by 
five -for. five performance , Designated hitter Pat drubbing Climax 53·28 and the 
McGovern was four-for-five , while left fielder Bob Gophers knocked off Petrified 
VIiage contributed three hits. Trailburgers. 

Steve Robertson and Jahries both pitched well for F~r the ch~mpionship . Russell 
Tritons, with Robertson picking up the win on the basis R.obIns le~ Inputs-Outputs (11·0) 
of his six strong innings of work . Robertson had had WIth 23 POlDt~ and Je~se Crabrera 
trouble in his last two outtings, but virtually had 12, C. KIng (a r~nger by. any 
handcuffed the Crusaders, limiting them to just three other name would stIck out like a 
hits and chalking up five strikeouts, s~re thumb) led the Gophers (9-1) 

"I just went out there and put the last two games out WIth 15, Scott Jakes scored 14 and 
of .my mind ," the right-handed Robertson said. "My M. Melendez notched 10, 
slider was really working well; they kept on popping it 
up to the infield. And it felt good to be able to pitch with ,,, . 
a lead and not have to be fighting back from the ~ 10 and Under 
beginning." As their name implies, Smokin 

. . , . Still, seeded only fourth for the 
The Triton s,eason contlDues t~IS week, WIth a pair of playoffs , edged the Wild East 

home seven-IDning gam~s WIth Lewi.s and Clark Show 54-43 in the title game , 
College scheduled to begm at 2: 30 t~IS afternoo~ , Smokin topped the Intercourts 51-
Wednesday the team travels to Cal Baptist, which will 49 in one semifinal game and East 
then come here to play a doubleheader Saturday, 
starting at noon. (Please turn &0 pace 9) 

Page 7 

Sign-ups for Adult Special Activity Club. and 
Children's Classes, are being taken in the 
Recreation Gym Office. Clubs include: 
Ballroom Dance 
Ballet Folklorico 
Belly Dance 
Conditioning Workshop 
Horseback Riding 

. . 

Ice Skating 
Jazz Dance i 
Physical Filnes and Nutrition 
Racquetball 

Who Says There's ~ Q Such Thing As 

JUSTICE 
on this campus? 

There's still room in Law & Society 30, Justice - An Interdisciplinary 
Approllch to Justice - coordinllted by Prof. June Louin Tllpp. 

Ci3Jie AND WOLF I RISSMILLER CONCERTS PRESENT .. . 

SATURDAY, APRIL 15 
SANPIEGO SPOR7S~~.1. 

TUESDAY APRIL II 
DIEGO SPORTS~_ .... ~ 

.1tiJ.1IIte ~ Style 
All seats reseNed, $6.75, 5.75. 

Tlcl<ets available at Spons Arena Box Office oM 
BiN Gamble's Stores'ond Arena Ticket AgenCies. 

Infonnatlon: (714) 224-4176 



• 
tdIII_ lIand.,. AprIl S, ,..,. 

hat's On: 4/3-4/9 
eekly Guide to On Campus Events 

Monday 
. Mair Collete House Advllor appl~ations are now being accepted. Pick up a job 
referral from Student Employment, MC 214. 

18 am-5 pnJ: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. Located in 
Muir,Commons, next to 5 " Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

12-5 pm:' "Losing and Gaining" an installation performance on fat and the 
weight niduction business will be presented by Micki McGee from 12-5 pm daily. 
Location: Other Gallery, Humaniijes Library Building. 

.!: 00 pm: Miguel Mesa, the official representative of the Spanish National 
Confederation of Labor (CNT) will hold a news conference at the Center for 
Iberian and Latin American Studies (CILAS) located in the lower floor of the 
Humanities Library, 

7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Muir 
Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

7: 30 pm: Miguel Serrano Mesa , a representative of the Spanish Confederacion 
Nacional de Trabajo (CNT) will speak on the resurgent Spanish labor movement. 
HL 1402. 

Tuesday 
10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in 

Muir Commons, next tu 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
10 am~ pm: Crafts Center Registration for classes in ceramics, photography, 

design, natural foods cookery, glass arts, woodworking. Register at the Crafts 
Center. 

12-5 pm: "Losing and Gaining" - see Monday, April 3 from 12-5 for details. 
5 pm: Neurosciences Department Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Samuel S.C. Yen, 

Professor and Chairman, Dept. of Reproductive Medicine, UCSD. Topic: "The 
CNS and Ovarian Function." 2100 Basic Science Bldg. 

7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Muir 
Commons, next to 5 & Dime. phone: 452-2167. 

7: 30 pm: Weekly meeting of Trident Christian Fellowship. Topic: The Basics. 
North Conference ~oom, Student Center. 

Wednesday 
10 am-4: 30 pm: Crafts Center Registration for classes in ceramics, 

photography, design, natural foods cookery, glass arts, woodworking. Register at 
the Crafts Center. 

10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in 
Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

12-5 pm: " Losing and Gaining" - see Monday, April 3 from 12-5 pm fordetails . 
7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Muir 

Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
8 pm: "Cosi fan tutte" - Mozart Opera, John Large, director. Location: 

Recital Hall. Sponsored by Music Dept. 
First day to file petitions of intent to run for an ASUCSD of(ice in the elections to 

be held the fifth week of school. 
The film "Never Give Up", about the life of Imogene Cunningham will be shown 

today in 2105 Bonner Hall at 12 noon, 1 pm, 6 pm, 7 pm and 8 pm. Twenty-eight 
minute film , 50¢ (non-profit) . 

The Harvey Rabbit Koalumn 
8rnoNi gIancII maHunctloning. ApttI Fools. Aa 

- April 100110 enoIher III ..... you on the morning 
of the ..,.nd coup. 

AprIl bI the c~ month, breeding 
L1fec:8 out of the dHd lend, mixing 

~ and "rw, lilTIng 
Du. rooll with IprIng ,.n. 

- T.'. Eliot 
AprIl II not the lime 10 bring ~. nor Is It the 
hertIInger of aprIng. AprlI. KCordIng 10 TVI 
W"'IIMI, II lite bringer 01 w •• A rneforItY of the 
wen .... country "- .ngegeclln beiIM In the Jolly 
mon .. of AprIl. AprIl FooIaI 

Herbert Schller wli be goInll on ... 1ICa1 and 
10111 ... y Ihll b •• p •• ka Ih. doolll lor Ih. 
Communlclrllona ProgFIIIII. AprIl FooIsl 

I, Herwr A.bbIt, h_ flendlehly ~ ewe}' wtIh 
my IneIpId c:ounterpert In whet'- 10 be the cIoMII 
.. tng 10 • raIIgIoue .J[~' I hav. IeIt all ,.ar. 
Not _ the wIadom oIlht eucalyptue could IlIva 
him a fill on my machlnllll_. It .. limply • quntlGn 
01 biting A.D. Lalnll In 1M ",hI plea. 

And "- bI our only tWfq 10 ... P_1n1L dllem .... 
01 what th" om.-Ient C IfIIPUI .. dotng to halt lhe 
entroplc neturw 01_ beI,~ ..... __ (1_, I) 
o"er up MOther ........ ' ot lowe: 

"To prepare u. for the rti""'" oncornlnt dey when 
.... un 11_ 10 *" 1_ lin - eo Im_ 
.. at_lite .Iuden" 01 !!JOItI wIIl,lrsllutn b,cKo&. 
then crlmloft then celml f epulter .nd elute In the 
melting cN.1 of lhe Elrai ,," elongated "Itt ... _ 
UC8D I. provlclnll UI "I" aN the .upport and 
Wllmlth _ ... Irlntlc 't~dtnll. cOUld _ for. W. 
h_ • plethora of ctulla fJO 1pIn, JMeflnge 10 attend, 
end "Ien. 10 .... k • • Wh)' , Een. ".10 n __ 
end edheIIYe herw In thlt y oriented hotbed ot 
deaperatlon (_nllely II wn Inl.mdone.y .. 
La Jotle) ... 1 owN muel betl .. em off In drOVM .. 
!her au",. around owlrl Ihroelllk.lhe Ilde. UC.D 
.. lleeplnll .11 of u, IrOlll damaging ourMIfte on lhe 
"'.'11 edgee of r.allly by _rMelng ... a ... 
numbly .Iouch Irom brullily bot'Ingleclurw10 ,IMp-
Induclnll Mellon. W • .,. being held In ... crib of 
our I ..... agelnll our willi. 01 cou_ peopl. wiN 
prol .. 1 II'Id deny, her • • lhel .. ar. belnll k.pl In 
ac:hool unwillingly, and will My w. _ ,," 10 'lop 
deeplftlnll our way IhrOUllh meanlngl .. , aequencel 

.. ~ .I. t 

anyt ..... WI wlnl. TheM people don't underwland 
why _ keep coming beck h_ tor lIIorw - .... y_ 
tearfully return to .... ..- quarter.,.., qua,.., 10 
accept our lahlnge end to rMd, --'Y,-
leal wr1tIeft by _ ntpOOellc: prohwor. They 
cIon't _ Ihet w ..... 10 be here. W. lin. 10 
pNtend 10 ...... after 1t_I.dg., or to entoy. at 
..... the "college •• ~ ... our perwnII grtt 
their IMth end PSI out Ikyroc:ketlng .... end 
-*' peymen" which enaIIIe Ullo IIay here. But 
_know thai our.,..... _Id 10 much,..,., toft 
ower chunQ ot their II. MVlllfllIo lleep UI here ..., 
10 ..... to •• pI"n lo .... r ~""''''''''.nd 
nelghbora why their bI1ght chid .. not In ICMoI. 

Somewhat 0" the IUIIIKt: why Is being • virgin 
euch II'Ilf111c:t1on? I 1m not..,....ng that" 11. .. 1 epent 
lite tim 4 y_ 01 my IMNge pIIue dFMCllnIL my 
condition end .nxlOuety MarChing oula cu .... I had 
an Itch 10 ac:retch; I needed _Istanc •. But !hit can't 
be rlehL Virginity Ie • _ry ttat. which will be 
rwmedled In dut -. bullo lret about It, end lor 
lite owl .. of the world to connm "-lwe, with 
trying 10 lind. cu ... to lhelrproblem. Ie wrong.'_ 
people I know 1111. 10 be YIrgIM end don'l plan 10 
Chang. until they have 10. .. 1111 ..... _ people 
cIon't drink end 1111. not drllllllni. end don'l conelder 
........... I ............ It _. "'llhIa cNMde 10 
help vi",,", newer quite Inde the _ who wanllo 
be helped. 10.1 .... 1 nolln Ihia _. I had 10 110 out In 
_rch 01 my IInlght In Ihlnlng .rmour (rubber) eo 
that I mlghl be ..... 10 II ... 1 nlghl wIItIout racing 
from imagined orgam to aued lantley. I eoIYed 
that ~ -aueay bul '111 lifting • much 
harder tI .... with the problem 01 deapIeIng ac:hooL 
If •• trll'lge IhIII could ..... 1.1. lilY ... uel aoony, 
but clI'I'l do _.thlng 10 .Imple .. quit echool 
wlthoul Ie""'g lhe _lei repercutllone. • 

Th.,. you hav. It. Jutl .. w. c_ beck on the 
tlrwl dey of • brand new qUlrt.r rudy 10 perform 
new te.1I 01 men,,1 gymne.llcs. Welcomel AprI 
Foot,1 W •• rw. 

Whoever wrol. thaI: lhank you wllh .. oUt' Iov" 
And "11'1_ you for rnpecllnillhe u .. 01 · owN.· Write 
UI again. 

In lhe _lime while lhe r." 01 you arw wrlling 
u. qu .. tlont or .naw.,. to K: Wally ,1.-0111 Trllon 
TI"," In lhe Sludenl Cenler, pl .... lgnorw any AprI 
foolblh commenll r.g.rdlng .ny rumore Iboul the 
A.., .... Convoc.llon .... _Inll I comebeck In hope. 
01 r ... r .... w .. u.llng lhe curriculum. AI owll. _ 
bell.ve In only thaI whiCh II rtll. By • . 

Thursday 
10 am-4: 30 p";: Crafts Center Registration for classes in ceramics , 

photography, design, natural foods cookery. glass arts, woodworking, Register at 
the Crafts Center. 

10 am-S pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in 
Muir Commons, next to 5" Dime. PhQDe: 452-2167. 

10: 30 am-12: 30 pm: "California Games" - a composition by composer Elliott 
Schwartz utilizing 100 amateurs making music. Professor Elliott is a visiting · 
research professor at the Center for Music Experiment. Mandeville Recital Hall . 
Free. 

n am-3 pm: Bake Sale by AOTT - proceeds go to National Arthritis 
Foundation. Location: Revelle Plaza. 

12-5 pm: "Losing and Gaining" - see Monday, April 3 from 12-5 pm for details. 
7 pm: Groucho Marxist Caucus meeting - The Proclamation of the Burlesque 

Manifesto, Budgets , whatever. Gameroom Conference Room, Student Center. 
7-10 pm: Bage One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Muir 

Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for 

students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and 
activities that encourage interaction . Phone: 452-3092 (evenings) for updated 
program in formation . 711 Warren Campus. Free. 

Petitions of candidacy may be filed at the AS Elections Office in the Student 
Center. For information call x4450. 

Friday 
Frida Kahlo: Retrospective, April7-May 17,1978, Mandeville Art Gallery/Muir 

College University of California, La Jolla, CA 92093, (714) 452-2864. Hours: 
Sunday through Friday 12-5 pm, Wednesday 7-10 pm. 

10 am-4: 30 PI!': Crafts Center Registration for classes in ceramics, 
photography, deSIgn, natural foods cookery, glass arts, woodworking. Register at 
the Crafts Center. 

10 amoS pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in 
Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

n am-3 pm: Bake Sale by AOTT - proceeds go to the National Arthritis 
Foundation. Location: Revelle Plaza. 

12-5 pm: "Losing and Gaining" - see Monday, April 3 from 12-5 pm for details . 
8 pm: "Cosi fan tutte" - Mozart Opera, John Large, director. Location: 

Recital Hall. Sponsored by Music Dept. 
8 pm-12 midnight : The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place lor 

students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and 
activities that encourage interaction. Phone: 452-3092 (evenings) for updated 
program information. 7-11 Warren Campus. Free. 

8: 30 pm-12: 30 am: International Dance with a band and International dancers 
intermittently free soft drinks. Muir Cafeteria. Admission: 50¢ ahead oftime, 75¢ 
at the door. 

Petitions of intent to run may be filed at the Elections Board Office from 9 am to 
4 pm daily. 

Saturday 
5. pm:. Catholic Mass - followng mass: wine and cheese and short film. 

Umverslty-Community Church. 
8 pm-12 ~idnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for 
stu~e.n~s whIch offers nig~t1y entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and 
actIVItIes that encourage mteraction. Phone: 452-3092 (evenings) for updated 
program information. 711 Warren Campus. Free. • 

8( 00 pm-I: 00 am: A.A.S.A. (Asian American Student Alliance) Dance. Start the 
Spring Quarter off right by enjoying the soulful music of Seventh Wonder and 
Devotion. Come party and boogie down and help support the dance to raise money 
for A.A.S .A.'s trip to Manzanar. Tickets will be sold at the door and the box office. 
Admission $2.50 - UCSD student I.D. and $3.00 without UCSD I.D. For more 
information call Irene Garcia at 452-4667. 

Sunday 
8:30 am: Catholic Mass . University-Community Church. 
10:30 am: Catholic Mass. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
10: 30 am: Mass at Lutheran Church. Call Bernie Campbell at x2521 for more 

info. 
12:03 pm: Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 

Shores Dr. 
3 pm: " Cosi fan tutte" - Mozart Opera, John Large, director. Location: 

- Recital Hall . Sponsored by Music Dept, 
5 pm: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church . 
7-1Q pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Muir 

Common's, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for 

students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and 
activities that encourae interaction. Telephone: 452-3092 (evenings) for updated 
program information. 711 Warren Campus. Free . 
. . . .- . . . . .... . . . . . . . . . 

To list your activity in the campus calendar as well as the Triton Times' 
What's On, please submit your information to EDNA, the Student Information 
Center, by 5 pm on Thursday. Calendar forms available at EDNA. 

• • • • • • . . ." .. . . . . . . . 

...... J.~S,1171 tdIII_ , ...... 

Arts/Entertainment r·~S~·t.!!~=:W~;::'~==!.:t~' :':"::~s:':":::;':"'~~~~==============::::::::::~~Nierenberg ... 
ar ars 0 P .. (Continued from pale 5).. 
UaQa~!i!t;ook~e9.~n!~!! 
winner in the first annual track. Mark Heckman and 
Triton Times Academy Sandra Rowland were the 
Awards contest, as it was winners of the soundtrack 
picked by UCSD students as from American Hot Wax. The 
the best picture, while Alec winners can pick up their 
Guinness was chosen as best prizes at the Triton Times 
supporting actor and George office. 
Lucas as best director. 

The other winners in the 
contest - in which TT readers 
were asked to pick who they 
think should win the Oscar in 
six categories - were Woody 
Allen, of Annie Hall as best 
actor; Jane Fonda of Julia 
and Diane Keaton, of Annie 
Hall , tied for best actress; and 
Vanessa Redgrave, from 
Julia , as best supportlng 
actress. 

In the drawing of all the 
ballots, to see which entrants 
won the record album prizes, 
five winners were drawn . 
Patricia McKnight and Dave 
Eisen won the Star Wars 
soundtracks. Ed Schnaath 

Abortion ... 
(Continued from page I) 
dresaed, including the violation 
of civil and religious rights, a 
questioning of the entire 
compulsory fee structure, and 
a clarification of UCSD's 
jurisdiction over the health 
plan. 

A new element in the case 
proceedings was seen by the 
plaintiffs entering fourteen 
exhibits of aborted fetuses and 

Basketball. .. 
(Continued from page 7) 

Several interesting notes 
appeared in the balloting . 
Richard Burton, who has been 
established as a heavy betting 
favorite for best actor for his 
role in Equus, received only 
one vote from the entrants. 

Anne Bancroft and Shirley 
MacLaine , both from The 
Turning Point and both 
named as favorites by 
different critics, only re-
ceived two votes apiece. Fred 
Zinnemann, who directed the 
very popular Julia. was shut 
out in the voting , while 
Herbert Ross, who directed 
The Turning Point, received a 
si vote. 

premature babies "to drama-
tIze the significance of what 
human life is and - (show) 
what happens in abortion." 

Attorney Shamsky wrote in 
the demurrer that it was with 
"reluctance" that he submitted 
the pictures to the court, but felt 
it necessary to show "the 
magnitude of the interest of the 
plaintiffs. " 

prevailed over Mindless Won- halftime lead and held off alate 
der 39-32 in the other semifinal. charge by On Top (8-2). Mark 

TheCalexicoKidsledSmokin Aumann led the Cases with 12 
(8-2) in scoring, Alex Escobel points and Connie Parker bad 
firing in 12 and Eduardo 10. Marla Ross topped all 
Gonzales 9 while Dave Fich- scorers with 22 for On Top and 
man had 14 for East (unseeded teammate Jenny Roberts 
for the playoffs) with team- added 10. 
mates Arthur Lee scoring 9 and Women 
Paul Murata 10. Go For It (8-6) rolled to a big 

Coed halftime lead and breezed to an 
TheBasketCasesknockedoff easy 53-26 win over the 

Up On Top Again 50-42 for the Hotshoes for the women's title. 
championship. In the semifinal GFI behind Marla Ross' 17, 
action, the Cases beat off Come Jen~y Roberts' 16 and Cashie 
Again? 41-36 and Top Again Parkhill's 10 points, held a 29-8 
polished off Suck Muck 5842. In margin at the intermission. 
the title game, Basket Cases Connie Parker had 20 fot' the 
(l 0-0) spurted to a 35-26 Hotshoes (6-2) . 
. ............................................• , 
• • i'OPENING ~1I;tuHioods : i SOON s.n;"':ant - i 
• Natural Foods IMth • 
: • Fast Food SeMce : 
· ·in the • 
• PACIFIC llEAaf: • 
: Student 165J G.nd&lb:- 2704160 : 
· c UnI ..... ~c-e.r • : enter JJ30C--o:1t.,-O,M: 
...........................•................. ~ 

J. 
Philosopher, lu!hor IncllNCher will 
M.lners Oakl, In Olal. C.llfomill: 

TALKS: 

~~8,~' 
DISCUSSIONS: 
TuHdIy-ThurIcIay 
Aprll4,e. 11, 13 

A S3.00 dONltlon I. requesled 10 cover 
the many expenses 01 ananglng lhe 
lalk • . ThIS may be glv.n 811he en-
lrance or senlln advance 10: 

~"namurtl Foondation, 
~ 2111. O~I. CA gJQ23 

"""" AND "'-r.'o.Ll'T'OI 
tn these talk. and dialogues. 
Krishnamurtl conlronls. 
lheme thai h •• ngrolHd 
philosophers Ihtough lhe 
cenlurle.: the r.lallonshlp 
bel_n tMh. lheactuel· 
Ity In which we II •• as per. 
celved by the senses, end ,."ty IS 
II appelfS toourconsclousness. 8eg"'. 
with a mlnd·slretchlng dialogue wilh 
theoretical physic I" David S'ohm. 
$6.95 at booiIslores 

ow to yourse ves 10 rig teous-
ness, reap in mercy; break up 
your fallow ground: for it is time 
to seek the Lord , till he come and 
rain righteousness upon you." 
Hosea 10:12 
Christian Sdence Is bued on the 
Bible Ind Science Ind Heahh "Ith 
Key 10 the Scriptures, by Mary 
Baker Eddy. Campus Counselors It 
UCSD Ire rluland Anne Homund. 
Call 453-5217 for In appointment or 
t ne "Islt. 

CHARTERS 
YORK $189 to 

March. WHkly 199 
3 wHk duration. 

. $179 to 
Hilo. Starting mid·April , 199 

011 &2wHks. 
I~DI'" $399 to 

niGhts of 2. 3. 4. 5 & 6 w ... s 449 
Starting mid-AlM'iI. 

IHOtIG $499 to 

Mey. Wllldy fIighII 
5. & ..... duration. 

529 
$399 to 

449 
$429 to 

479 
$479 to 

488 
,., .. -.: ........... . 
u.., PARIS 419 
a.aa. , ROllE • PAIlS'" • 
.... ... " ..... ...... 
"314 ... ...... 
.. CIIIItIrs .... .., _ La 
........ 

7815 Ivanhoe 
PIIanI 

45HIM 

m a king him comment that he's 
" older and more philosophica l 
now." . 
Looking to the future , he said, 

" I'm optimistic for cynical 
reasons . The future will be 
different but I'm sure we can 
adapt. We've already given up 
an incredible amount of 
freedom, and we' ll have to give 
up more, but in doing such we'll 
gain new freedoms." 

Nierenberg's time pressures 
seem to exert the greatest 
pressure on his freedom , 
allowing him " no time" to do 
the camping and hiking he used 
to enjoy, as well as pursuing 
other such pleasurable activi-
ties, 

" Did you know that two or 
three Scripps vessels sail to 
Tahiti every year and I haven' t 
been able to go in all my years 
here? " he moaned. " And we 
also have studies going on in 
Easter I s land wh ich I' ve 
always been fascina ted with." 

Nierenberg paused and 
thought for a moment. " Maybe 
some day." he said wistfully . 

House Advisor 
Applications 

House Advisor applications for Muir 
College are now being accepted. First, pick 
up ajob referral from Student Employment, 
MC 214. Application deadline is Friday, 
April. 4, 1978. Contact the Muir Residence 
Halls Office , 452-4200 , for more 
information. 

Better t .... fazzy alippen, 
Better t .... argyle aGeb, 
Remember tile fHt of die f.lk. yo. love, 
Witla • JNlir of Birkeutocu. 

Doa't wait .atil the last minute -
ONL Y 264 SHOPPING.DA YS LEFT 

UNTIL CHRISTMA& 
10% Student DiscouDt 

Bi ... _tockS .... 
1111 Proepect 

(_t He-.:hel) 
La Jolla, CA 92037 
454-7577 



1IondQ, AprI S, 1'" 
..... 10 

. 1 AS is 
rep for 
students 

In the Winter quarter 19n, the 
student.1IOted ~ a large rnaprity to 
return to the traditional Associated 
Student. (ASUCSO) goyemrnI!JIt 
to repretent them in the university 
community and to allocate the $6 
per quarter activity fee. 

The ASUCSO is governed ~ a 
president and vice·president with a 
council of 21 elected memberI: 12 
repraentatives, 3 from each of the 4 
colleges, and 9 commissione r. 
covering the areas of Academic 
Affairs, External Affairs, Student 
W elfare, Appoi n tme n ts an d 
Evaluations, Finance, C ommunica· 
t ions, Programming and Entertain, 
ment, Elections and Public Affairs. 

To proper.ly represent t heir 
interest, student government needs 
input from all students .. ASUCSO ill: 
located upstairs in the Student 
Center. 

Health Center 
looks after. you 

4 colleges 4 governments 
Students , faculty, staff represented 

TIle Health Center is located on 
Matthews Campus and is open 24 
hours. Telephone: 452·3300. 

A student's personal and mental 
well· being are the main concerns of 
the Student Health Center. There 
are competent personnel on du ty 24 
hours each day. Students are 
eligible for diagnosis, testing, 
treatment and counseling . The 
pharmacy service provides free 
non·prescriptior. items, and fills 
prescriptions at low cost. More 
information on the SHS can be 
found in the Student Health 
Almanac which is free at the Health 
Center. 

The birth co.trol diaic 
The UCSO Contraceptive 

Counseling and Education Clink is 
a service for both men and women 
which provides contraceptive 
information/education, pregnancy 
and sexuality counseling and 

referral when appropriate . The 
CCEC is located in the Student 
Health Center and is open Monday· 
Friday, 8-4:30 on a drop·in or 
appointment basis. 

The clinic functions as an 
education center and offers 
students an opportunity to learn 
more about their sexual health 
through gynecological exams and to 
evaluate their feelings related to 
birth control and sexuality. The mao 
jor emphasis is to offer alternatives, 
thus, no one method of birth control 
is pushed nor is any alternative in 
pregnancy situations suggested as 
best. 

The CCEC is often asked to 
speak to groups of students either in 
an informal setting or as part of a 
training program and such 
invitations are encouraged. If you 
are interested in having the CCEC 
conduct such a ~sion, please 
contact the CCEC office: 452·2669. 

The college governments are 
unique in that they are not entirely 
student·run. The entire college, 
including faculty and staff is 
represented. Most are based on the 
traditional council set-up. 

Revelle 
The Revelle College government 

is called the Revelle Committee on 
College Affairs (RCCA) . It is 
composed of six students, three 
faculty members, and representa· 
tives from the Resident Dean's, 

College Dean's, and Provost's 
offices. It deals with problems of the 
college such as overcrowding and 
curriculum. It also allocates money 
for college related activities. 

Muir 
The Muir College government is 

called the Muir College Council 
(MCC).1t is composed of six faculty 

Health plan provided 
In addition to access to care at the Student Health Student Health Center . Coverage is provided fot 

Center, all students registering at UCSD and paying accidental injury care, special laboratory tests and x· 
full registration fees are automatically covered under a rays, consultations with medical specialists when 
limited supplemental insurance plan for medically referred by the Student Health Service, and surgery. 
necessary health care that cannot be provided at the 

Day Care Center 
You may find that taking care of a family can restrict 

your study hours to a critical degree, and you may need 
a day care center to help take care of your children. 

UCSO's day care center program strives to optimize 
a child's individual potential for intellectual and 
emotional growth. and to maximize physical 
development . . 

The Center accepts children from walking age to 5~ 
years but has a limited number of spaces. The center 
opens at 7:45 am and closes at 5: 15 pm. The phone 
number is 452·2768. A fee is asked of parents who send 
children to the center. 

Legal Services 
The Legal Service Office is responsible for the 

development, review and coordination of campus.wide 
legal matters. SpecificaJly, the staff renders advice to all 
UCSO students, including jail release services for any st~de~t ~ho is arrested; provides IegaJ counseting to 
mmorlty m all discrimination matters and acts as 

consulta~t to the UCSO community. 
~~ office is located in the Student Center Complex, 

BUlldmg B, and can be contacted at ext. 4374. 

If you need to be hospitalized, the insurance program, 
will pay up to $1,500 in hospital benefits. While $1,500 
may seem like a lot, it is not a great deal at today's 
soaring hospital costs. The campus has therefore made 
an additional optioaal insurance plan available to 
registered students. This doubles the hospital benefits 
you may receive up to $3 ,000 and also provides a major 
medical expense plan that pays 80 percent of additional 
covered expenses up to $2,000 after you have paid the 
first $100 of bills and 100 percent of all additional 
covered expenses up to $25,000. The premium for this 
additional protection is very low at $5 per Quarter. 

Students who previously purchased the additional 
coverage will receive renewal notices and may pay the 
additional premium by mail. Freshmen must apply for it 
during the open enroUment period, which extends up 
to 30 days into each quarter. Kathleen Mooney, 
insurance representative, is at the Student Health 
Center frOl1l 8 to 11:30 am and from 1 to 4:30 pm 
Monday through Friday to assist with insurance 
purchase and renewals. She can be reached at ext. 
2123: it is preferable to call before chopping by to see 
her. 

Students who are already weII·covered under health 
ill&Ul'ance policy from home, probably won't need the 
additional coverage. Students on Financial Aid may 
qualify for this additional policy as part of their financial 
aid packet. Check with your Financial Aid officer or 
talk to your college section in the Financial Aid Office to 
find out if you are eligible for the extra insurance 
protection. 

members, four students elected at 
large, and one freshman elected 
each fall, plus a student appointed 
by the Residence Hall Board . 
Allocates money for special 
project , majors faculty student 
relations and student programming. 

Third 
The Third College government is 

called the Third College Council 
(TCC) . It is a mechanism for 
communication between the 
Provost, student body, staff and 
faculty of Third College. The council 
is made up of six elected students 
and the faculty coordinators of the 

T" ird College. The Provost and 
[}~an are non·voting members. 

Larl WarreD CoUege 
Earl Warren College student 

government is composed of six 
boards (Career/ Life Planning, 
Commuter, Executive , Judicial , 
Program and Residence Hall) and a 
Cabinet. The Cabinet, made up of 
representatives from the Boards 
and AS, is responsible for allocating 
funds, appointing representatives to 
campus ·wide committees and 
representing Earl Warren eo:: ~ 
students on matters of student 
concern. 

Committees mean input 
-a chance to get involved 

Students are members of most 
campus committees that have 
direct input into how the campus 
operates. 

Student input has historically 
been credited with being responsi· 
ble for ~r changes in educational 
systems around the world. This is 
your chance to know the campus 
and to work with administrators and 
faculty members on topics of mutual 

interest. 
To learn more about this campus 

and the university apply for 
committee appointments on the 
college, campus or statewide level. 
See the Commissione r for 
Appointments and Evaluations, the 
External Affairs Statew ide 

Coordin~tors, or drop by your 
dean 's office and ask for 
information. 



1I'lClI\nCRJ •• ; group Isessiw 
P ych ounseling provided 

.~ J 
x 

~~~ 
Q Y ~ ~ 

Coun .. lint • Psychologic a 
Services provides a Itaff ·)f 

~ ..... .,aeI workers to 
aIIiIt studenIs with a variety of 
penonaI and eckIcationaI probIem&. 
Students are Hen individually 
and/or in ..... groups, from one 
time to rnMJ,I times, depending on 
the need. Some concerns for which 
students ... help are: personal 
problema; 101 ......... and isolation; 
homesickn ... ; parent/ family 
p{oblems; inability to study or 
concentrate; relationship/marital 
difficulties; sexual difficulties ; 
educationaVcareer questions; and 
anxiety and depression, to name a 
few. 

Over the past several years a 
number of speciaJ programs have 
been developed fot large groups of 
students who have a common goal 
and/or who have a particular 
background. These groups include: 
lifestyle counseling; the women's 

c:ounaeIing program; and ethnic 
counseling. Special interest 
workshops are also offered most 
quarters, based on student interest. 
Some of the workahop& usually 
offered include: weight control; 
ma1e/fema\e relationshipa; graduate 
student groups; assertive training; 
study motivation; human sexuality; 
stress and anxiety reduction, and 
general growth groups. 

Counseling & Psychological 
Services has offices at five campus 
locations: 

Central Office: 452·3755 
Revelle College: 452·3490 
Muir Co8ege: 452·3585 
Third Co8ege: 452·3035 
Warren College: 3987 

Students needing to be seen 
immediately usually can b e 
accommodated. To make an 
appointment, simply call one of the 
numbers above. All UCSD students 
and their spouses or living partners 
are eligible; services are free. All 
contacts are kept strictly 
confidential. 

OASIS study skills 
OASIS is located in the Student 

center , Building B. Telephone: 452· 
3760. Tutoring programs to aid 
undergraduates in lower division 
math and science course require-
ments. Tutors are assigned on a fir&t 

corne first served basis. It is best to 
apply within the first two weeks of 
the quarter. Students on academic 
probation receive preferred 
treatment. 

Aid, jobs available 
OASIS conducts the following 

workshops: 
Study Skill. Workshop - A 

quarterly program by OASIS . 
Consists of teaching "reading skills" 
for improving speed, comprehen-
sion, and reading flexibility, 
seminars in note taking and basic 
study skills, as well as on test.taking 
strategies. Available seminars. are 
announced in the Triton Times and 
posted on campus bulletin boards. 

Financial aid is a simple process. 
Go to the Financial Aids Office and 
apply. They'l supply you with the 
necessary forms (among others, an 
application, Parent's Confidential 
Statement (PCS), Basic Opportun-
ity Grant (BOG), and California 
State Scholarship (CSS) forms). Fill 
them out and return them by the 
appropriate deadline. In the Spring, 
an award committee grants the 
funds on the basis of all applicants' 
~ needs. 

The Financial Aids Office is 
divided on a college basis. When 
you get there, check for the name of 
your college and enter through that 
door. Room numbers for the 
colleges are Muir , Third: 213; 
Revelle: 214; Warren and Grads: 
210, all on Matthews Campus. 

In the first weeks of the fall 
quarter, it is advisable to visit the 
office and inquire about the 

Get a job 
The Office of Career Planning 

and Placement assists students in 
exploring their career opportunities 
for both immediate and long-term 
goals, including employment and 
graduate/ professional school 
admission. 

A special series of job· related 
workshops . and a yearly Work 
Opportunity Week featuring 
employment representatives from 
various industries and professions 
are offered through this office. This 
office also includes the Student Job 
Center to provide part-time and 
summer off-campus job opportuni· 
ties for UCSD students. Students 
should drop in and scan the Job 
Board, and make an appointment to 
discuss their career aspirations: 
Career Planning and Placement is 
located in the Student Center 
Complex, Building B, ext. 37SO. 

California State Scholarship (CSS). 
All applicants for financial aid are 
required to do so. 

Financial aid awards come in a 
variety of packages . Eligible 
students receive offers of aid which 
include loans , grants, fee 
deferments and work·study jobs 
(part·time work on campus) . 

Stade.t elDploymeat 
Jobs available to students are 

listed in the Student Employment 
Office (SEO), MC 210. There . ~so 
an office expressly for .Qff-campus 
employment located in the Student 
Affairs Facility. Some jobs which are 
not listed at SEO include serving as 
subjects for psychology experi-
ments. Besides the employment 
offices, check department offices 
and campus media. 

The procedure in the SEO office 
is this: students check the board, 
and select the job they wish to apply 
for from possibilities posted on 
cards on the office bulletin board. 
The job·seeker tells the staffer the 
code numbers for each job that's 
interesting. The applicant is handed 
a card giving all the pertinent 
information about the job (who to 
see, pay rate! etc.) . 

N.tll/Play.in, BioloSY/ 
Ch-u.by aIId APiS CU __ 
- Designed to resolve short·telT(l 
difficulties which are problem 
oriented. Run on a walk·in basis. 
Clinic locations and times vary each 
quarter, so check with OASIS. 

Ed.cetio'" Opport1l.ity 
Progra.. - EOP is located in 
Building B Student Center 
Complex, the telephone number: 
452-4250. EOP combines recruiting 
and troubleshooting. In recruiting, 
EOP tries to reach the minority and 
low income student, and then 
makes special efforts to keep those 
students in school. Provides 
counseling and works with other 
campus groups to promote and 
facilitate student success. Good 
resource for any student in trouble 
academically or socially. 

Writiag Cliaic - HL 1254, ext. 
2522 - critiques papers and tries to 
solve chronic writing problems. 

Permit - no tickets 
Parking services are located at 

400 Matthews Campus and is open 
from 7:30 am to 12:30 pm and 1:00 
pm to 4:30 pm, Monday through 
Friday. Telephone: 4524223. 

"5" or student permits are 
available at the cashier's office, 401 
MC. Vehicle registration must be 
shown to obtain a permit. Weekly 
permits are also available. You 
could have parked without a permit 
between September 19, 1977 and 
September 25. 1977. After that time 

an "s" permit is required in order to 
park ill the student lots. Failure to 
do this will cause tickets to begin 
multiplying on your windshield; fines 
will increase in size with each 
additional ticket. 

You don't need a permit to park 
along Torrey Pines Road or city 
streets. Courtesy service for permit 
holders whose battery has died is 
given free of charge by the campus 
police. 

::: 
::: 
::: 

~~~ 
::: 

il\ 
'. 

j 
j~ 
:. 

I :.: 
II. 

:::. :.: 
~ . ~ ::.: 
.:. I I ~ .. :1:1.:: I ~ 
I In .. ~oon'==~~~~ oftp:~~'!!!'-~:n ~o~~~~~L~~~~"~~~ fo,,~ ~~.I 
: ..... ::.~ .. :::.~ .. :: residence halls , a partmen ts, and fOoffiu nd ast : dO ff· CCa m

t 
pusB Hlod~ s i nBg aEaf ' ddemli~ yeaen r 'swe rhviCI' hceinclaundeds rsoomma 1'1 °bender'oobemdrsofoomr fSamfol·ll·rescoLOUnPgletSe'nutwores " ce, tu ent en er, UI lng, 00, In, . ::: 

Monday.Friday 8:00-4:30 pm. , kitchens. Prices vary according tlo on a waiting list are a pre-requisite to ~,~~ 
.'. Mesa apartments can be found at: Following is more specific Lf>lI ege and double or sing e occupancy. 

Housing Office, 206 Matthews information about different forms of ,*upancy. Mair, Tllird College - ::: 
Campus, open Monday· Friday , from on.campus housing: Apartmeat. - Mesa Apart- Combi.~ations of single and double ::: 9:fti~ ~:~ o~~ ~~u~~~~S~n:: and Ea~;:~e; C~I:::IIe~ ~~r:1s Ope~n;nfo:~~de~~~:ds~fgr~d~~~d ~~~~g ;~u~~~v:~~;:~ur~~~~~~ .: .... ::: .•... :;:, ... :~ 
Holidays. mandatory 'part icipation in food arried students with children with linen service, optional meal plan. 

If you wish to deposit money after service, otherwis.e known as FUrnished, two·bedrooms, incluoo Combines conveniences of on· 
hours there is a night depository on cafeterias. Double and single rooms I n service. Contract meal plans campus l\Vin~ with privacy of off· 

.<.3~~~~~~~f.;~ .. §.§.~~~~~~!,.".~~~,t:~.:~::~;~j~~!::::~:~:J 
Affirntative acti represented 

Student organizations representing "Student 
Affirmat ive Action" constituencies at UCSD, 
comprise a Committee advisory to the Vice· 
chancellor, Student Affairs. 

The Student Affirmat ive Action Committee 
(SAAC) functions based on policies and procedures . 
included in the campus manual under Undergraduate 
Student Matters (PPM 160-4). 

SAAC is an advocate, advisor and monitor for 
student affirmative action and works in cooperation 
with the Student Affirmative Action Officer on behalf 
of its constituencies. Weekly meetings, open to all 
interested students are held throughout the academic 
year. 

A non·academic grievance procedure is currently 
being completed, to assist students who may have 
grounds for complaints based on discrimination, 
including those pertaining to Regulation no. 504 of the 
Rehabili tation Act of 1973, dealing with the 
handicapped. 

Information on SAAC is available through any 
- member organization, or by contacting the Student 

Affirmative Action Officer: 452-4382_ 

DWabled St .... t. u.uo. 
The Disabled Students Union (DSU) is comprised 

of a group of disabled and non·disabled students 
working together as an informal advocate group, to 
bring about social and educational changes on behalf 
of disabled persons. 

DSU is responsible for initiating the office of 
. Disabled Student Services at UCSD, as well as for 

special P.E. programs for disabled students in 
cooperation with SAAC. It sponsors an annual 
Awareness Week to help sensitize the campus 
community; offers peer counseling through the office 
of Disabled Student Services, and a variety of 
services and assistance - as well as information -
useful to disabled and non-disabled students. 

Social activities sponsored by DSU include films, 
concerts, informal get·togethers, and participation in 
sports events. 

DSU has an offi e in the Student Center Complex. 

MECRA 
MECHA, the Movimiento Estudiantil Chicano de 

Aztlan, is a political and cultural organization of 

Chicanos, active in all rae of the progressive 
movement. Basically, the aimsof the organization are 
to work with progressive strlJ!Bles here at UCSD and 
in the greater Chicano c~ty with other Third 
World groups and the working class as a whole. Key 

objectives are the elimination 
MECHA sponsors the yt: 

educational films, speakers, • 
also works collectively wit 
Folklorico, Teatro Mil Caras, 
Fronteriza (newspaper), 
organizations. 

Pay you 
at the 

cism and sexism. 
Cinco de Mayo, 
ies, etc. MECHA 
ujer, the Ballet 
rmworkers, Voz 
other student 

s of the Indian 
ecruitment and 

uaents, faculty and 

is 'Iocated at 401 
--.-~.-~ 8:00 am to 3:00 

telephone is 452· 
Office processes 

s, library bills, 
decals, and it 

MlMtne~vs Campus (452· 
the Residence 

an;.rft1A1'nl:S, and university· 

are required for 

NASA sponsors an annual POW WOW of 
dancers, singers and Indian rituals . Once a month, 
the group meets for a pot·luck dinner. 

For more information, call 453-4390. 
WOIDe.'. Ceater 

Located in the Student Center Complex, the 
Women's Center is the catalyst for a variety of 
programs especially designed for and by women 
students including workshops, rap sessions and 
consciousness-raising groups. The Rape Task Force 
and the Feminist Coalition are parts of the Women's 
Center and offer an opportunity to get involved in 
special issues. 

Volunteers are always in demand at the center, to 
assist in its daily operations as well as to originate and 
coordinate programs. The Women's Center also 
serves as a resource and referral source for special 
services available to women throughout the San 
Diego area. 

For further information, stop by the Center or call 
452·2023. 

AeiaD America. Sta ... t AIIiIuIce 
The Asian American Student Alliance (AASA) is a 

social and politically oriented student group that 
strives to serve the cultural, educational and 
recreational needs of Asian and Asian·Americans on 
campus. 

Cultural activities include conferences, speakers, 
forums , films , and an annual Asian Awareness Week. 

Social and recreational activities are comprised of 
field trips, picnics, dances, films and other informal 
get-togethers. 

Special programs and services available include 
Asian Studies courses, Asian-American library; 
participation in Student Affirmative Action activities 
and recruitment activities as well as active promotion 
of cultural and political awareness. 

'AASA's office is in the Student Center Complex. 

.... ck S' __ t_ u •• 
The Black Students Union consists of black 

students, black faculty and staff working together to 
sensitize the surrounding community to their culture. 

This is done by various cultural activities 
throughout the year with Black History Month being 
the major focus for all area BSU's to get together and 
share their various programs. 

For any information about l,Ip-coming BSlJ events 
contact BSU, Student Center Complex or call 452: 
4667. ' 

Libraries 
serve 
interests 

Ce.tral Libr.." (x3339) -
located at the northwest end of 
Matthews Campus _ Contains 
UCSD's general research humani· 
ties and social s<;ience collection. 
Records and tapes with emphasis 
on classical music on fourth floor. 
Official government publications on 
sixth floor. Houses Mandeville 
Department of Special Collections 
and the Archive for new Poetry on 
the eighth floor . Open Mon·Thurs. 
8-10, Fri. 8-6; Sat. 9·6, Sun. 2-10. 

Cla.ter I Uaclersr ..... te 
Library (x3065) - located on 
Revelle College. Is primarily a "use" 
library for undergraduates . Special 
features include termpaper 
assistance (inquire at reference 
desk), Contemporary Issues SO, a 
course in using the library, pamphlet 
section on contemporary issues, 
spoken record collection, fiction 
section integrated with literary 
criticism, career section and reserve 
reading collection (which include all 
lower division reserve material 
except art and music, which is at 
Central). Open Mon.-Thurs. 8-12 
midnite, Fri. 8-5 pm, Sat. 11·5 pm, 
Sun. 11·12 midnite with some 
extended hours 'dunng finals. 

Scieace ..... Eagiaeeri.g 
(S*E) (x3275) - serves upper 
division and graduate students in 
the physical sciences and 
engineering. Also ofer CI50 (library 
use course) in th winter quarter. 
They have a computerized 
bibliographic pool for in ·depth 
papers and indep(>ndent·study 
projects. Open Mon.-Thurs. 8·11, 
Fri. 8-5, Sat. 9·6, Sun. 1·10. 

BioMedical Ubrary (x32S3) 
- serves faculty, staff, and students 
of graduate programs of biology and 
medicine. Also contains reserve 
readings. Open Mon.·Thurs. 8-12, 
Fri. 8-6, Sat. 9·5, Sun. 1·midnite. 

p ... c 

More than books at 
campus bookstore 

The bookstore is located at 201 
Matthews Campus and is open from 
8 :00 am to 4:45 pm, Monday 
through Friday with extended hours 
at the beginning of each quarter. 
Schedule of classes (15¢) and the 
general catalog ($1.50) are available 
here . Bes ides textbooks, the 

bookstore sells reference books, 
paperbooks, school supplies, 
medical books, used books, plants, 
gifts, health foods and other food 
snacks . Additional services 
available include : special book 
orders, check cashing, BankAmeri· 
card, Mastercharge, film developing 
and magazine subscription sales at 
student discount rates. Telephone: 
452-3770_ 

The bookstore will refund up to 
two weeks after purchase. Save 
your receipts for tuition until you 
receive a confirmation of your 
classes in the mail. In fact, it is a 
good policy to save any potential 
evidence -letters, receipts or 
notices. It could save hassles at a 
later date . 

Registrar 
in 2 offices 

The Registrar's Office is located 
at 10 1 & 102 Matthews Campus and 
is open from 8:00 am to 4:30 pm, 
Monday through Friday . Their 

telephone: 452·3150. 

Classes, no grades 
There are two offices of the 

registrar. The first is Registration 
and Scheduling (101 MC) which 
keeps the lists of your class 
schedules, handles add/drop cards 
and will deal with problems such as 
lost registration cards and changes 
of address. The second office, 
Academic Records (102 MC), keeps 
the grades. Petitions concerning 
incomplete grades, grade changes, 
etc. are all processed here. In 
addition, intercampus transfers, 
mailing of transcripts, verification of 
enrollment for governmental, 
insurance and loan agencies, as well 
as residence detp.rmination for 
tuition purposes are handled in this 
office. 

The P/ NP option is supposed to 
encourage students to take courses 
which they might not take for fear of 
the grade . Under regulations 
determined by each college, a 
student in good standing (2.0 GPA) 
may take up to an average of one 
course per quarter on a P/ NP basis. 
A grade of Passed will be awared 
only for work which would 
otherwise receive a grade of C or 
better. Units passed are counted in 
fulfillment of degree requirements, 
but such courses shall be 
disregarded in determining a 
student's GPA. 

Special coDege P/NP ndee 
M.ur Co ..... - Courses for 

major or prerequisites for a in3jor 
may be taken P/ NP only with the 
consent of the department 
chairman. Courses for a spcial 
project mall. be taken P/ NP only 
with the approval of the faculty 
advisor of the project and the 
Provost. 

Revelle CoDese - P/ NP can 
not be used for any lower division 

Adds, drops 
Add/Drop Cards are used to 

enroll in a class or withdraw from a 
class after registration. Add/drop 
cards are also used to enroll in a 
class on a Pass/ Not Pass basis. 

Add/drop cards can be obtained 
in the beginning of each quarter at 
EDNA or at the Registrar's Office, 
the college provosts' and ~' 
offices. Fill them out as indicated, 
then return them to the Registrar'. 
Office befor. Friday of the leCond 
week of the quarter. 

Revelle breadth requirement except 
Fine Arts. P/ NP cannot be used for 
an upper division course in a 
student's major. Exceptions must 
be approved by departmental 
advisors. 

Third College - Prerequisites 
to a department major should not be 
taken P/ NP, while all courses taken 
as electives may be taken on a P/NP 
basis. 

Earl W.rrea Collese -
Courses for a major or prerequisite 
to a departmentmajor should not be 
ti\ken on a PINP. Qasis. 

.~ - ---~---------------------. , 
Numbers you might want 
'-' ........ ,~ ........ Audem~ Support.1Id 452-37110 Par1<lng "'rml,- (CUlller) 452-3725 InatruCtionaI Senne. (OASIS) Parking S.,..Ie. 452-4223 Ambul __ (Polkle) 452-4357 PoIkle (Uniwl'lity) 452-4357 AnI .. lec:tu..n>rogr ...... Board 452-4080 Pool 452--4031 Boobto,. 452-37'70 F>o.t Office 452-2052 8oaOffice 452-4551 Pr~1I 

Ca_ Planning & P1Ke/Mnt 452-3750 Wa"on College 452-4350 
C.., .. ,-Central 452-3725 Muir 452-35110 
C.., .... -Houelng 452-4010 ~ .. 452-3580 
Rev .... Community Cen'er 452-2511 Third 452--4002 
Crafts Center 452·2021 Radio Station (KSOT. Office) 452-4225 
Day Ca,. Center 452·27l1li ReligiOUS Alral,. 452-2521 

Student AffirINtlw Action 452-4312 
o.na I W_CoIIeoe ~ 
MuIr 462-3587 
........ 4624410 Sludent Ernploymont 462-4500 
ThIrd 4U-43t1 SIUdent Fin8nclaf Servlc.a 

EDNA (Student InlonnMlon) .... DNA Wwran 4U-4Me 
Muir 
........ 452-3108 Fire (Police) 462-4367 ThIrd 462-3101 HouaIng AdnIinIIIntIon 462-4011 0,.,.. «INI07 KSOT Student Cempua AedIo 462-4225 Studont Health Center ~-3300 L ..... e.mc. 482-4374 $tudtn. Information (EONA) 462-3312 LOIIIIId Found (PolIce) ......7 ACUCSO ~-44110 =~ 462-4D7 Trilon Timel 45W4eI 411-3710 Women', Can_ 462-2Q23 

----------------------------



Places to go to get away 
The Student Center 

The Student Center is the central meeting place for 
members of the UC San Diego community. Opened in 
April of 1974, it contains the Student Information 
Center, meeting rooms, lounges, game room, and 
offices for student organizations. Also available are 
various administrative units in Student Affairs, 
including the Vice·chancellor of' Student Affairs, 
Career Planning and Placement;· EOP, OASIS, Off· 
campus Housing, Legal Services and campus events. 

Student Husiness Enterprises, including the Bike 
Shop, Student Print Co·op and Groundwork Books 
are also located in the Student Center. 

Saana 
The sauna is located in the main gym building, an ' 

has be~n referred to as a "lifesaver" in times of great 
academic stress. Hours are Mon.·Fri. 7:30 am· 10:00 

pm, Sat.·Sun. Noon·6 pm. 
Craft. Center 

The Crafts Center is organized to create an interest 
in the art of ceramics, photography, stained glass, glass 
arts, jewelry making and other media. Classes sign up 
the first week of every quarter. There is a $25 
registration fee as the Center runs on minimal funding 
from the university. 

ReveUe Side Door 
The Side Door offers nightly entertainment along 

with the sale of coffee and donuts. It is located on the 
south end of the Revelle Commons. 

Muir 5 & Dime 
The 5 & Dime features nightly entertainment from 9 

to 12. It is located in the lower Commons. 
Pool room. 

Pool rooms are located at the Ice Cream Hustler on 
Revelle, the Student Center, and the Vacant Lot, 
adjacent to Muir Commons. The Ice Cream Hustler is 

. located in Blake Hall. 

They can help: 
student services 

, mNA 
Edna is the-of&ia1 UCSD Student Information Center, and is located in 

the Student Center. By calling 452·EDNA~ you can receive a great dqI of 
. information about events happening lit UCSD and In the IUrrounding 

communities. 
Edna maintaina a current off-campus file of IOCiaI events and places to go-

in the San Diego area. -, 
Edna is openMonday through Thursday: 8am·midn9tt; Friday: 8am· l 

'am; Saturday: 9 am-l am; and &.1_: 10 am·midnight. ' 
. ... .... 51 •• t s.rw:.. 

The DS5 office is to assist disabled students in O\Iercoming academic, 
physical and eocial barriers. Services available i~lude . ~ty ~, 
readers, special equipment, peer COUIllleIing, and will ~t. Ill. ensurmg 
itudent's rights. set forth by Regulation no. 504 of the RehabilitatIOn Act of 
1973. Located in the Student Center, and staffed by a fuU-time~or 
of Disabled Student Services. Drop by or caD 452-4382. 

Etlnlic Peer ea.. '. . 
This is a new program, funded through Student Affirmative Action, 

especially designed for all minority students. Further details and information 
by contacting Diane Evans, Director, Ethnic Counseling Program .. 452· 
3755. 

S.xChk 
Run by a psychiatrist and psychologist, it offers professional sex 

counseling through private appointments with the counselors, or the 
students can attend group discussions that deal with individual problems. 
This service can be of particular help to those with severe inhibitions and is 
meant to help an individual get to the rQQt of psychological problems tt~t 
influence his or her sex life. CaU 452·3490 or 452·3755. 

, W_'.C_ter 
Regular workshops held on a weekly basis include Consciousness 

Raising, Assertiveness Training, and Sexuality. Professional and ~ 
counseling available to students. Located in the Student Center, phone IS 
452·2023. 

lateraatioaal Ceater 
The International Center is focused towards assisting foreign students in 

their adjustmen~ to the UCSD environment. Regular Friday night get· 
togethers provide an excellent environment for students to socialize and 
learn more about the campus and the community. Phone: 452·3731. 

Facilitator'. Program 
This is a Third College based 

organization working on the peer 
counseling philosophy. They keep 
information files on activities of 
interest to the student. They will 
also act as liaison to help students 
with academic problems and 
administrative hassles. 452·2554. 

Peer Skill. CouaMliag 
A new program funded by the 

Student Aff irmative Act ion 
Committee, implemented through 
the Office of Academic Support and 
Instructional Services, to assist 
student affirmative action students 
with academic problems. Call 452-
3760. 

CAPE 

CAPE is Course and Professor 
Evaluations. It is run by students 
who evaluate course material and 
quality of instruction. They are open 
to suggestions ~nd complaints. 
Contact them at 452·2668 . 

Dogs minus 
leashes -
a no, no 

1. Any dog on campus must be on 
a hand·held leash not exceeding six 
feet in length. If a dog is not 
controlled in this manner, it shall be 
classified as "at large." 

2. Any dog on campus must have 
a valid county or city license 
attached to its collar. 

3. Dogs are not permitted in any 
classroom or teaching laboratory, 
even tho\Jgh leashed and licensed, 
with the following exceptions: 

a) a seeing·eye dog serving an 
owner' 

b) ~niversity owned dogs 
undergoing research applications. 

Notice to students on privacy rights 

' -

In late 1974 (revised June, 197( 
Congress enacted the Family 
Educational Rights and Privacy Act . 
Specifically, this statute governs (]) 
access to records maintained by our 

ed~cat ional institutions; (2) the 
release of such records and (3) 
procedures for students to amend 
their individual records, request a 
hearing, and/or file complClints with 
the Depa rt ment o ' Health , 
Education, and Welfar,: egarding 
alleged violat ions of tl,e rights 
accorded them by the Federal Act. 
Educational inst itutions maintaining 
records on students are required to 
inform eligible students annually of 
the rights accorded them by Inil. 
statute. 

The follow ing info ' mation is 
provided in complianc.. with this 
statute, California Educ. r n Codes, 
and University of Californ policies 
and regulations. 

C •• todian of recorda 
ACCd. to recor'" 

The University of California at San 
Diego, is dedicated to maintaining 
the absolute integrity of all student 
records "5 well as protecting the 
students' ngh ts of access to those 

~ records. Students are accorded the nght to In pect and reV! w theIr respectivl' records dunng regular 
, . 

. 
4 •• 

offi ce nours . In addit ion, no 
personally identifiable information 

will be disclosed to unauthorized 
individuals or organizations without 
students' prior written consent 
e){cept when prior consent is not 
required by the Act (see Directory 
Information). 

Further, any authorized individual 
or organization having access to 
student information is obligated to 
use such information only for the 
purposes that access or disclosure 
was granted, and must continue to 
keep such information confidential. 

Type. 0' record. mai.tai_d 
The Registrar's Office maintains a 

folder for every undergraduate 
student who attended UCSD with 
the exception of University 
Extension. This folder contains the 
original admission's application, 
transcripts from institutions 
previously attended, the Residence 
Class ificat ion form and other 
dOcuments related to applications for 
admis ion. In "ddition, a copy of all 
pelitlOn forms students submIt to this 
o!f;ce is maintained. These records 
are held for five y ars after the last 
date of altendance at which tim they 

re purged. 

~parately from this folder, the 
Registrar's Office maintains the 
original and official copy of the 
UCSD academic record (transcript). 
This permanent record is kept 
indefinitely. A duplicate copy is 

mailed to students at the end of each 
quarter in attendance. The Student 
Affairs Department basically 
maintains records pertaining to 
student life and services. 

These records include records 
maintained by the Student Financial 
Services office relevant to financial 
aid awards and student employment, 
confidential records by the Student 
Health Service for students who use 
the health service, and placement 
records for students who use Career 
Planning and Placement. 

The deans' offices maintain 
confidential records, for a time· 
limited basis, of all disciplinary cases. 
Most of the other records maintained 
in Student Affa irs involye 
employment information for student 
workers hired in the various units' of 
the department. 
Policiee for reviewi-s recor" 

A campu policy has been 
developed concerning the Release 
and Disclosure of Information from 
Student Record . This policy 
complies with the Feder I statute nd 

has been included as Section 160.2 of 
the Policy and Procedure Manual 
provided to all academic and 
administrative offices on campus. 

In brief, this policy permits 
students to review their respective 
records maintained at UCSD and 
outlines the proce dures for 
challenging any in accurate or 
misleading information contained in 
the records. A copy of this policy and 
statement of adopted procedures are 
available fOf review in the Registrar's 
Office and the Vive·chancellor· 
Student Affairs Office. 

a..r04hK:tio. of 
.tH •• t nconl. 

Unofficial copies of any records 
included in the student's file 
maintained by the Registrar's Office 
will be provided at the cost of $1.00 
per request (if mailed) and/or l~ per 
page for each copy. Official capia of 
other than UCSD transcripts should 
be requested from the originating 
institution . The Student Affairs 
Department will charge students the 
cost of Xeroxing records which is 
usually l~ per page per copy. 

DirectOI')l or 
... bIic 1.'0 ........ 

The statute permits disclosure of 

directory or public information 
unless the st udent specifically 
requests in writing that all or any 
directory or public information be 
kept confidential. 

UCSD considers the following 
information to be a matter of public 
record, and therefore will release any 
or all of it upon legitimate request: 
student name, student address, 
telephone number, college and major 
field of study, date& of attendance, 
and degrees and honors received, 

Students are given the opportunity 
during enroUment to inform the 
university whether name, address, 
and phone number may be printed in 
a student directory. In addition, 
students who do not wish the 
university to release all or any part of 
the above directory information to 
third parties, must complete a form in 
the R~trar's Office - "Request for 
Non·ReleaIle of Public Information" 
- before the last day to register for 
classes each quclTter. 

C_taet ......... 
All UCSD students, graduate, 

Jndergraduate, and professional 
school enrollees who have questions 
concerning these policies ITl<IY either 
: ontact the Registrar's Office, 102 
MC , ext . 4586, or the Vice· 
chancellor·Student Affairs. SI udent 
Cent r, xt. 4378. 

Yonder, ApfI S. 1171 tritIn times 

triton classifieds 
personals Subject. wanled lor br.iJ>.wa,e experiment fUO per hr. Call W.ndy al xll797l .... ppolnlmenl. 11m Prole .. lon.1 Typln, R.a •• a.bl. R.t ... IDK Cometin, Selectric. C.lllor Free btlmate. Gad 

411·1140 (1/11 ~ W .. te4: Pel1lO ... nHdod to help wilb lilt 
upcom,nc ASUCSO .. Iecliofto.a>ntacl Electlo .. 

Condlolalel llIinkl .. 01 rullllina for a n ASUCSD Boord members 01 EI""tI .... Omce or call ._. 
orrlce' File your petJtiOlll of In .. aI I. run al 
Elections Ollk:e April 5· prll 12 lrom I am-4 pm (413) 
(4/ 3) 

Muir Colle .. HOUle Ad.lour .pplicatlon deadliDe II 
fri .. Apr If. Pick up 0 job relerrol /rom Stutlool 
Employmenl. MC 21f. CoDIa'" Muir Reo. Halla 
Office. 4$2_. for more lAto. (4/11 
PetitlOllll 01 inktalto ...... 1110 your pt\llJonI for AS 
office. I. May I . 3o!eetle .... 1 AS E1octlooa Olllco In 
Studenl Center fll$-4/ 11 (4Jl) 

To Ibe O .T .le. 01 0 ·1. .. 0."lIcll. Volleyball 
Rowdiea. V.·V •. Ama. R·t G .... S.F. M .M.S.T. 
K.rb Scb. CIIuek IlUten. Revelle Kid • all _ 
special -,<,!! Wllere ... bella .. · .... '" 10 ..... jllll 
wanted \0 let ,OU __ deep my love /10 ... lor 
• ..,h. _~ 01 you. lam .... II.m bac_ of 
you may you ..... calm __ • 100r.,I .... Fo","U 
XAGO Me ur a..!. (tiS) 

Denllil needo 8 pallent (or stole board exom. free 
denial caN pi ...... cult. Cau 270·:nHt . (fll) 
Subjeda 10< braiD wave eljJ\l. II EEG lAb In lilt 
Medical School . Call Debbie .... or come by IISB 
... for appt. Male. ri"'l Iuo_ I&-. (tlJ) 

C .... paid lor coinI, cIau rtap. jowwIry. -'1 
...... . lerlInc and pre INI u.s. SII ... r CoW. Ken 
1S&-m! (tn) 
Mler-.pUier ............... " ... ta m_ by 
lei II ... u. mlrltel your ' ...... 18.. ADY Iype 
-"'" .. lOY lI)'atem. c..tract joba o .. n.bIe. 
41 .. 5O-7Ia (SIM) 

travel 
Unique T ... r ART IN ITALV llllivenily credil 

Subjectl wanted lor fun • iDleI'eIIIOI payeh. up. poulble. ' weeki 114M. Coli JIIIIIOIIe Tra."· 71 .. 
MUll be r ...... or .. pII .• _yeb . ...... ocieoco 2t7.:II1t (4112) 
mojo<. P ."/hr lor _ hr. 452·_ - uk lor Judy. 
(4117) BOOK ON CAMPUS: Eu ....... Hawolt Ind New 

JOfl K. JuU. J . _y M: Would I .... to apply for 
coon jester. HI ... prev ..... experltece. Kearllh II . 
(4/3) 

York Cborler FII,ht • . CIEE Siudeni Trovel . 
SI_t C ..... r~. O_w~YI U-4. CoIIW· 
_(I") 

services 
Slop urban .prlwt )n SaD Die,o-belp .- on 
inltlAti.e drlve-coll _ . (IllS) TI.lheaeaaontobedariDl. TlrintDlwhalyou wlUbo 

Learn the D ...... of \be Middle EMI myater1oua. 
se ..... l. M .. Ind Tbun. !xoeOlllllllllnlC\Or 411· 

wearlDa. C.II KIte. Super CuaIOm SewlDa. __ 
(4/1) 

IMI (4111) Typiol IDP.B .• IBMSeIectrIc.lowrate • • Colleen ... 
21n (4fIO) 

Oppooe uaeofyour RecFeea rorabortioDa? Wenlto 

OPPOSE USE OF VOUR REG FEES FOR 
ABORTIONS' WANT TO DO SOMETHING 
AIOUT m CAU .... 1_ OR ~ (fm 

The 1-., T_. 8Mw ........... ~ave ... 
pick ..... _ ~_: ' ;yle M_ .... 
M.taIollitlt. A." ....... R1c_ .... -. 
S .... Tr-""7 ... u1So1_J.PIeaao_Marlelll 
I. lilt AS ofllce. 

for sale 
P.u,e<Jl Mo-Ped ~mJ .• I yr. old, $375 or 11011011 ... 
Howard f53-42911 (4/5) 

Corveue--IN7 convt. w/ removabte bard top, must 
see. Be.t offer over ~.IIOO Howard 453-4299 (f /5) 

1m TOVOTA Corolla. AM / FM . 2dr. S . peed ... eel 
r adIals . low mil .. $3175 2U·74U . (4110) 
WCTSU IT '10 Inch lon&John and jlckel In ,ODd 
eondlUon: 5fl. g Inch. Ito lbo. (app ... ) MO. C811452· 
9041 (t/ 3) 
IVII Oatoun 2 door 15.500 mile. Orance/ black 
interior. a i r cond itlo nlDI , radio, 4 speed 
lraurn""on. Clr pUrchued new May um. RealOO 
for .. Ie: received eornpaQ)' car. Minimum cull 
price $3.200. _I {liS. 
Mayla, Dr),er· 150 . Kenmore wI.ber · SJo.O . 
Refri&erator-$I15. Excellent condition __ • W · 
!f74 (413) 

wanted 
U"ly. w.nn. wise. lli ..... ly. y ..... (25.30) UCSD 
lady wllh kinky ...... 01 humor. H ... IUD worlti .. 
on boo • . Lil. up. unnee . • hr .• Irtoao _1111. ZlI· 
1312. (413) 

Clones ..• 
(Coniinued from pale Z) 
cellulose, a plant protein that is 
normally indigestible by 
humans. 

Apparently the G.E. people 
thought that ~heir new new bug, 
quietly nestled in the human 
gut, might enable us to eat hay 
and grass, a possibility that 
however unpalatable might 
ease some of the world food 
shortage and that might also 
make feasible a multi-millien 
dollar market in new food 
products. It begins to develop 
signs, however, that the break-
down products of cellulose 
might be imperfectly absorbed 
in the lower intestine, resulting 
in gas buildup and perpetual, 
possibly lethal, stomach upset. 
There was more to this than just breaking down cellulose. 
An E-coli that was only half-
way capable of processing 
plant protein could be a very 
dangerous bug. 

The point must be made here 
that several of the same 
scientists, who in an effort to 
quiet public concern, charac-
terize human cloning as too 
difficult or too dan.erous to be 
accomplished at this time are 
actually engaged in research 
that requires far more skill and 
danger than human cloning, 
Those who dare to question the 
.wisdom or the more dangerous 
recombinant work - and their 
number includes Nobel Prize 
winners - have been charac· 
terized by James Watson (as 
quoted in Time magazine) as 
"shits", "kooks" and "Incom-
petent." 

There are ItIII _ninp in IIIe Wildemeu CI ... · 
hike.., overloHSS 202f ond slplnlo ... ctIon (413) 

PROFESSIONAL THESIS/MANUSCRIPT 
TVPING: Experienced: tborotIIhIY Iamillar wltb 
aU form •• tyle reqUiremllltl. IIuaIt joba a<c>epI.nd. 
IBM CorrectJoc Salectric II typewriter. Day _ 
3311 ; .... _2117. (.11) 

TypillC •• perienced. "'liable. reasonable. IBM 
Corn>Clin, Selectric. C.II .nytlme 4Q.4127. K ... 
01dJ. (1"1 

TYJIIort.aoUeorrectlq IBM .. lactrlc tann ",pen, 
~ lie . • x~. _1_ ........ (&I., 
TVPING! IBM Selectnc lenn V-. ' ro. , ...... Pili>. 
cII .. natJOIII.odItInp.litlSHJc , .~._ 
'171, __ W ·I511 11/9) 

TUIori.,,, . C";"'-Wld. Alpbra, Tria. Anal (Geom) . 
Phy.lc. , Slatl.llc • . Coli Ioh ZU·US! (51%4) 

Medical Scholarshlpa. SOO Immediate f -yur 
__ I ICIIaIanIIipI ","11_ to _III or 
enrolled med _u. C&II Navy Medlcol Team 
-.-. (tJ2I) 

housinl 
Larp own room with Iireploce in Del Marb_ . .... 
block to boacb. '156. ut. Tim 411_ AvaU , NOW! 
(ttJ) 

- ...... ted: e ""'pie or one .... ponaJble 
pellOl 10 ilia ... CardUf h ...... . Call _I. (4/S. 
Room f.r ... 1. H .... pr!.IIeIl_tacludJn. Laundry 
lacilities. ne.r beach. '120.00 Incl. U~UU .. , 111$-7230 
oller five ,f/S) 

Grad.... Iludenl needed \0 ilia... 3 bedroom 
towellou •• wilt. on~/two other. .US/ month 2 
_It mla. bwo "'om ~DI .. I Cam,... Peter 
x4IU M fD.5la. 'tm 
_mate wanle<!. male. SJIriOI Ott. to ...... new 
2 bdtm .-. Own mi. • .... ...tIt. pool. near 
campu • . IIP.5t mo. 46H2II. (415) 

lost & found 
LOST: ..... _ ....... wicII rw-ll .... ear 
...... ~Jmalll ___ ..... m · 

1m .. nJ.7II,. (4IS) 

'.11 

, 

rancescos 
In Solano Beach 

italian ond American food 

FREE 
Small pizza with 
purchase of an", large 
pizza (same kind or 
comparable price) 
after 8 pm 

with this coupon 
Hours: 

Tu-1h: 5-11 
Fri.-Sot.: 5-12 

Sun.: 5-11 
Mon.: Closed 

166 Solana Hills Dr. 
Southwest comer of 1-5 
and lomas Santo Fe Dr. 

(east of Vans) 
PHONE: 481-1128 



All 
the 
news Ii s Weather: Light, fonowed by dark 

I 
Volume 1, Number 34 

The most powerful newspaper north of La Jolla, west of 
University City, south of Del Mar and ea.t of HawaU Today, April 1, 1978 

Li5rary to b 
racquetball 

come 
ourts 

Parking 
arms for 
'quarter Half of building now housing Central to be affected by reorganization plan 

In a move he said would Half of the building now housing Central Library will be 
"generate new respect for the cor.verted into racquetball courts and condominiums when the 
traffic regulations at this UC Library Reorganization Plan takes effect in 1984, Chancellor 
university," the new Parking McElroy announced yesterday. 
Services czar yesterday McElroy said the plan had been a dop te d by UCSD 
unveiled plans to purchase a administrators and the UC Board of Regents because the space 
host of weapons systems. otherwise would be unused. 

Major-General Arminius The library reorganization plan stipulates that about half the 
Phi 10M c S I aug h t e r sa i d books now in the libraries of the nine UC campuses be shipped to 
Parking Services had been two large storage halls at UCLA and Berkeley. 
allocated a $4 billion budget "After the plan takes effect, and we lose all those books, we' re 
increase to buy the weapons. . . h . th rb " M El 

"This will enhance the ability Just gomg to ave some empty space mel rary, c roy 
of our men and women in the ~~~~~~e decided to use it to best advantage - by making some 
field to seek out and destroy the The Chancellor said he had gone to an investment firm for 
potential traffic violator advice on the matter, and that the firm had told him the " two 
wherever he or she might be hottest itmes on the market right now are racquetball and condos. 
found," McSlaughter said. This was ideal for U , because Central, with its unique design and 

The parking czar said plans placement, can be easily modified for those two things." have been made to assume the 
Air Force's contracts on the B-1 McElroy explained that the Tu pp.erware 
Bomber, and that negotiations top three floors of the building 
are underway -with General will continue to h~use ~ks. tro ubi e fo r 
Dynamics and Lockheed for the Floors four and five wlll be 
acquisitions of 50 cruise converte~ to racquetball Chan'cello r 
missiles. Leary named Fifth Provost courts, whJle the bottom two 

Such acquisitions - which floors will be walled off into Disaster struck at Chancellor 
would 'make UCSD the third University of California President David Saxon proudly separate condominiums. The McElroy's Tupperware party 
ranking nuclear power in the announced the advent of "Fifth College" for UC San Diego. The cement area outside what Friday afternoon. 
world - will provide a " pre- new college will start operations fall quarter of 1978. ' would be the' third floor will Besides gross sales of only 
emptive strike counterforce Named as Provost of Fifth College was Dr. Timothy Leary, either be used for handball or $43.17, there was the knifing 
deterrant ability ," which former professor of Psychology at Harvard University, 60s acid tennis courts . deaths of two high ranking 
McSlaughter said will signifi- guru, and of late, the leading proponent for space migration. Both the Regents and the UCSD administrators. 
cantly improve the university's Le&rysaidhisfirstactionwouldbetogivetheschoolanofficial state Legislature were de- Paul " touche" Saltman, 
security 'posture with regard to name. He said he would push through the appleation of "UC OZ. " lighted with UCSD's plan. The Vice-chancellor of Academic 
" illegal parkers and the like." At a press conference Leary detailed the intended only question some legislators Affairs , and Bill " quick-hand" 

Parking Services is also " atmosphere" of the college, and its future plans. and Regents had was why no Nierenberg , Director of 
seeking arrangements with " We will have an atmosphere of learning, but one oflove," said one had thought of the idea Scripps Institution of Oceano-
General Motors for delivery of Leary. " Ours will be a sanctuary of inner space. UC OZ will stand before now. graphy, fought stilleto versus 
several prototype models of its as a place for dreams, but at the same time will be a bastion of McElroy refused to comment switchblade over a pink chiffon 
new B 0 10M ark I I I - a intellectuality. . on rumors that the administra- air-tight pie dish. Both will be 
cybernetic "supertank" which " Oh, yeah, all students who attend will be guaranteed of getting tion plans to build a luxurious buried in the latest Tupperware 
weighs 517 tons and carries a 4.0. " restaurant on the library's roof. product - plastic coffins. 
armaments reportedly equalto Leary predicted that UC OZ would really "get moving" within Asked for comment on the " It was horrible ," said 
that on a small battleship, the next five years - literally. He said that OZ College would conversion plan , UCSD's McElroy. "They ruined the pie 
according to McSlaughter. • probably be somewhere in the Milky Way" by then. representative to the statewide dish - and my party. " 

The final arm of Parking Leary was quick to add that, " You can Qe assured that won' t be U C Libra ry Com m i ttee , Witnesses ofthe incident said 
Services' new array of force is the only tripping we do. " literature professor Andy trouble started when both 
curren tly training in the The fly in Leary's high flying onitment appears to be Chancellor Wright, said it is " dreadful, Saltman and Nierenberg began 
tunnelsbeneathUCSD, theczar William McElroy, who claimed he is, " Adamently opposed to simply dreadful. However, it examining the same pie 
said. While he refused to go into many of Leary's and OZ' plans." appears to be unavoidable. I container. Name calling and a 

I detail, informed sources said Leary is confident, however, of handling what he termed, " The guess I' ll have to learn how to tug of wa r preceded the 
the trainees will " form a wicked witch of the west." play racquetball." brandishing of weapons. 
division of combat-ready Nierenberg, leading with a 

~rki~p~roloffi~~ , fur ~-N--E--W--S~-~--R--I-E--F--~~~~-N--E---------------~" ~~hlq~~ w~llie~rly 
instantaneous deployment in a • WS B R I EFS • crowd favorite . However , 
protective reaction strike in the Saltman's ability to ',parry, a 
event of mass parking viola- . . Cloned J-ocks "We figure if we change the name to something as fact already well khown by 
tions." nondescript as Revelle, people will leave us alone. students, tired the offensive 

I . . . f The UCSD Intercollegiate Athletics department Who knows, we might even start drawing more of the n answer to cntlclSms 0 the plans to spend its entire 1975-79 budget to recruit one calculator crowd, instead of the troublemakers we Nierenberg out. 
huge cost increase generated super athlete, and then create several dozen clones of have enroUed here now," Rudee said. The assemblage, a group of 
by the weapons purchases, him, the Triton Times has learned. Revelle Provost June Tapp was not immediately 40 tenured professors and big 
McSlaughter said that, in the The pianme8O$UCSDwill have to write off the 1975- available for comment on the development. wig bureaucrats, took time 
long run, money will actually 79 athletic season, because of lack offunds. "But we'll Pub to include opium from tea , crumpets , and 
be saved. "After all, after these have a hell of a good time in about 17 or IS years, " a Tupperware browsing to place 
weapons get in gear, we won't source close to the athletic department said. The AS Council last week approved a plan by bets on the bout. Nierenberg 

eed The aecretplantolpendthe ... ·OOOannualbudgeton President Jeff Leifer to expand the beer pub and n any of those obnoxious" ~, and Saltman were the bl'g one athlete was immediately den'ed b Athl ti health food restaurant in the'Student Center to include meter maids. After we get rid of lye c losers. 
them, we'll also I'mprove publl'c Director Judy Sweet, who called it "absurd. We enjoy an opium den. McEl'roy talked at great having 30 or SO teams that try hard and lose a lot. Leifer said he tbought such an action would expand 
relations with students, I'm Who'd want to use all the scientific knowledge here to student solidarity, or expand "sometbing", and bring length about the loss. "I've had 
sure." create a bunch of super jocks to let us rule the sports "a unique flavor to the campus." 16 Tupperware parties in my 

More criticism of McSlaugh- world in a couple of years? Not me." "Hey, no lie, man," Lelffer was reported to bave years here as Chancellor, and 
ter's plan centered on loss of According to informed sources, the athletic said. "You know the AS doesn't do anything but serve nothing like this has ever 
revenue. "After McSlaughter department has narrowed to four the number of the students." happened. Imagine, only $43.17 
gets going with those things of prospects for the actual recruit. However, UCSD wU\ A different picture has been drawn by members of in sales . Why thf.! tea and 
his , no one will dare park have a hard time gettin, any of those four persons, ecomcon, a subversive ASUCSD group, who say the crumt:ts alone, paid through 
'11 II f d beeause it 'won't have enough money to offer him. AS, desperate for funds, has devised upon a pl,an to R f 
I ega y or any reason, an The sources said athletic department officials plan insure a steady stream of money. eg ees 0 course, cost more 
we'll lose all that money from to explain the I08S of next year's budget by saying they An unidentified high ranking AS member who than that. 
tickets," said one official who lost in a poker game. wished to remain anonymous said, "Yeah, it's really "You call blame that gluttony 
refused to be quoted by name. Warren to be Revelle? very simple. First we plan toaddictaboutfive percent on those humanities profes-

Political analysists are of the student body, and then raise opium prices." sors." 
un sur e jus t w hat e {{ e ct ' April fool's rally McElroy naturally worried McSlaughter's plans will have Warren College Provost Lea Rudee said Saturday about th whole affair, says he 
on the next rounds of the SALT that Warren plans to change its name to Revelle In case you missed the ral1y against the Triton wants to l\:;scuss the incident Col1e~e, " in order to avoid any more hassle about TI'mes for their running two CIA ad d 't' t -tual~s; hhowever, thde

l 
Soviet nam';." your second chance to picket. s, on nussou on " with t people." 

Dlon . as reporte y made Warren, formerly Fourth Colle,e, haa received a Yea, beeaue of the bogus April Fool's issue there "And ~'lt better place than 
overtures to McSlaughter fair amount of flak Ibm year over its new name. will be. demODllration tomorrow at six am. Since a Tuppe re party?" queried 
re,ardiq pouible cooperation Several .tudent groupe ba)'e 18keD iuue with the nobody on the staff wants to let up that early, we're the Cha cellor, "You're all 
In "mutually profitable" joint name, either beeaute of what It reprnents to them or a.klq for volunteers to write up the .tory. Only invited. l.s Friday at three at 
ventures in Africa, beeaUN of the way it waa chOien. experienced maabochiau need apply. my place " 


