
ceo 
lre 
Ige 
de 

me 

~. on th , ge 

Chancellor walks out ~Lmeeting 
Day care backers occupy McElroy's office 

by And~' Schneider 
Associate Nt'ws Editor 

Chancellor McElroy 's walkout on a meeting 
with the Day Care Parents Committee Friday 
rest.llted in the occupation of his office by 35 
supporters of the current day care center for 
more than four hours late Friday afternoon . 

The sit-in action, taken by an assorted group 
of parents, students. and children resulted from 
their concern with Chancellor McElroy's letter 
to UCSD Bwsiness Manager Laura Michetti 
requesting an investigation into the possi~ility 
of bidding out the campus day care operatIOn to 
an outside private agency . 

The parents presented their objection to the 
a dministration proposal now under tudy , 

entering on the i sue of " quality " Parent Mike 
Gibbs pointed to the concern. tha~ , " In a 
franchised center, there I a .hlgh chIldren to 
teacher ratio, the taU are undereducated and 
paid at minimum wage . There i ' a high 
turnover rate and in tability ." 

Parents reported that during the meeting with 
hancellor McElroy , he requested Businc 

Manager Laura Michetti to send a " letter of 
intent" on Monday to seek State Department of 
Education funding for the center. 

If th tate approves the plan , 26 slo~s for 
children could be subsidized by the state In the 

current setup without cha n~es , This a lternalt' 
'proposa l. una mmously ;Id\·ocatt.'{f b,\' the pa r· 
ent .. would still it';\n' an annual 18 .0000penlt -
ing defiCIt. 

Chancellor refuses plras 
At the parent ·· uggestion . 11 Wi.l reported 

that the Chancello r a lso agre~d to ex plore 
funding in the s late budget for the Da~' Care 
Dire tor ' alary . However, he refu ed plea. to 
end the stud\' for outside bidder . or to extend 
the lime tabl' for lengthy discussion of options . 

The hance lJor ' urpri se departure wa 
moti va ted wh e n Gibb~ s ugg ested , "The 

ha nce llor 's com mitment fO day care IS 
hypocritICal. He has failed to take proper steps 
to ma intam qua lity." 

From a noth er office, the hancellor 
explained his actions. ·'Th.ey didn 't tr~'>t my 
integrity - there is no questIOn , I am behInd ~ay 
ca re s rvice. rve aid it a clearly as pos Ible 
and backed it with funds . But, we can 't continue 
to u e opportunity money that hould go to 
academic programs. 

" The parents have a point ." he acknow-
ledged . " They pay their regi tration fees . Why 
can't the UCSD fee committee su pport the day 
ca re center a t the sanlC prv'Jortional level as 
other campuses do? T"" 'nlv other solution is 

I Plt!a e turn 10 page :I) 

l :C Sea Dk-tco Mondey. March 13. 1178 

Protestors march to University House 
by Laura Richter 

News Editor 
eously. Several persons ca lled 
upon the c rowd to sing songs . 
mosl not a bl y " Brea d and 
Roses ." 

A group of 25 demonstrators 
as em bled at University House 
Friday evening just after seven 
0 ' clock to present a list of A total of four CSD police 
demands to Chancellor William cars were pa rked out ide the 
McElroy concerning the future main entrance of the hou~e 
of day ca re facilitie on the ' when the group topped theIr 
ucsri campus. approach outside the gates, The 

demands were read aloud by 
Serena Layona , day care 
parent, and were approved by 
the df'monstrators . They 

The move followed a four 
hour sit-in at the Chancellor's 
complex begining at 2: 30 pm 
Friday protesting McElroy 's 
disclosure last week that. a 
private organization might be 
ought t~ operate the UCSD 

child care ('enter. The group 
continually reiterated that this 
would lower the quality of the 
ca re. 

includen , among olher things, 
that " a day ca re study be made 
before any action is taken ." 

Police officer allowed the 
d mand to b given to the 
babysitter who wa told by 
representatives of the group to 
give them to McElroy . 

The gathering wa peaceful 
a nd went without incident. It 
ended b y 7 : 30 pm , with 
protestor walking out to the 
street promi ing "more 
organizing and action ." 

Unidentified "day care resident" explores the wonder of the 
walkway out ide the Chancellor's office . 

Bakke called suit 
between sweethearts 

by Doroth~' Hou ton 
If Bakke i uph ld in the upreme 'ourt ther will be rna • 

di turbances on the le\' I of th rae riot of the ixtie.. aid a 
member of th :-"ational onference of Black Lawyer at d pan I 
discu ion on the case of Allan Bakk \ .. the Regent of the 

niver ity of California la t week at the niver ityof an Diego 
Law School. 

"If there is no redre. in th court then there will b redre in 
the tre t. ." said lawyer Mi h lie Washington. who attend d th' 
oral argum nt before the court. 

The five peaker at the di cu ion were all oppo ed to a deci ion 
favoring Bakke. 

!Ian Bakke . a 37-yea r -o ld white engine r , wa denied 
admi ion to the C Davi Medical chool in 1973 and 1974. H filed 
a rever dl 'rimination ca , e again t th Regent charging that 
he had been discriminated again. t becau e of the l' Davi 
Affirmative Action Program . 

Bakke ' po ition wa upheld in the alifornia upreme ourt 
re ulting in an appeal by the R g nt to the upreme ourt 
The deci ' ion on the ca e will be handed down this pring. 

" What the ca e come down to i the right of one individua l 
versu the need of ociety ," aid Wa hington . " It' individual 
liberty v rsu rna s equality ." 

Wa hll1gton aid ther ian ed for affirmative action program~ 
becau the greate t barrier to the advancement of minoriti i~ 
getting into profe ional chool . 

"No racially blind effort will increa e the amount of minoritie 
getting into the chool ," she aid . " Race ha alwa b en a factor 
a nd a lway, will b ." 

Many of the rever e di crimination ca es now in court. 
Washington aid , are the re ult of right wing legal group 
upporting the plaintiffs . " It· a plann d attack on affi rmative 

action . " 
he warned that if Bakke i upheld . th court will b flooded 

with imilar ca e . " The di trict court will be en me hed in higher 
education . " 

The Triton Times arrived 
fi ve mintues before demonstra-
tors and UCSD police officers 
a ppeared at the university-
owned Chancellor'S residence , 
ca tching McElroy and his 
wife, Marlene , emerging from 
the house ju t a they were go-
ing to dinner. 

The McElroy' said that they 
had been forewarned of the 
protestors ' activities by the 
police , with the Chancellor 
commenting, " They ' ll take 
care of it." 

Mike Gibbs, left, and Serena Layona , right , day care Mark Ro enbaum, attorney for the ~outh Council of the LC 
committee spokespersons, seen organizing during 8it~in of . called th Ba kke ca e a law uit betw en two " weetheart in an 
ChanceUor's complex. important ca.e:" (Plea e turn to par ) 

"Yapping" 
" I don ' t know what they 're 

yapping about," said McElroy., 
" I think they ' re making a 
mountain out of molehill ." 

Combine Campus, Reg F~e interns Whitehill 
by Mark Stadler Affair , Whitehill aid . 

Senior Editor " We don't want to kill intern on thi ('ampu ," Whitehill aid 
Associate Vice-chancellor of Student Affair Rick Whitehill in r ference to the March 3 tory . " If we wanted to do that , W 

says the Student Aff.3irs division doe n' t want to " kill th wouldn 't hav re 'ommended that the r g fee intern program 
Campus Intern Program ," but rather to reva mp it 0 itcan be get 512,000 next year." . 
more effective . The ampu Intern Program h s b n th cent r of om 

The Student Affair division recently left the Int rn program controver y in recent week . b cau e, a of la t month, it had 
out of it · 1978-~9 Regi tration Fee r commendation to the not yet b en implemented for thi hool y ar. tud nt ffair 

A babysitter had been left Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs (Triton Time, i now gearing up a limited int('rn program for th re t of thi 
with the McElroy children. The March 31) . year. 
Chancellor and his wife were , Whitehill said in an interview last Friday tha tStudentAffair The rea on tudent Affair do not want to continue th 
gone before the group arrived . would like to combine the intern program with the aovi ory a mpu Intern Prograrni " be u itha n 't worked , from our 

committee's reg fee student! taff upport program into one point of view .. .It' proven relatively good for th few tud n 
By J : 15 pm the protestors group which would hopefully benefit both tudent at large a nd involved , but we don 't e th benefit for tud nt on a whole ," 

began walking from the La administrator . Whitehill aid . 
Jolla Farms road entrance Combination The problem 
along the circular driveway., The new program would combine the tudent input feature The problem, a Whitehill it, i " to figure out orne way 
The UCSD students and the day of Campu Interns , who work in individual admini trative to get good tudent input to the individual unit from tud nts 
care parents with their young units. with the analytical features of reg fee intern ,who make who a l 0 know enough a v l III ullil tv ~ I t:dllt -WI ". W 
children talked among them- budgetary evaluations of different reg fee-funded program , need om wa to get tudent involved that i n 't ymbolic, that 
selves. and decisions concern- Whitehill said. ha credibility within th unit nd that i int gr ted , not 
ing the demonstration ap- The program would be run primarily by a student who would disintegra t d ." 
peared to be madE' sJ)Ontan- .. r.c.po_rt.d.i.re.c.t.ly.t.o.t.he_a.d.".i .o.ry ... c.om_m.i.tt.e.e., .th.e.A_.an.d_St.u.d.e.n.t _______________ (.p.le. a_ f".'.ur.n_to.pa_g.e.6.> .. 



, 

lIonder, IIMCh 13, 1171 

Abortion: a ~~EBII:! ~O THE EDITOR 18$t resort - •• J .;;,. ~ 
Offensive ads 
are' mundane 
Editor: 

~~': t o bad lome otberwlae ~~~~*",;or~~~o~o ~gj~[-~=-=-=-=-=-::--'" r---:;::::===============::::::::::----i ildlenr.fot people caD't overcome f 
emotioHl aacI r=:. I refer to 5\".~ ~er, ~ '!t~i~ us ~ 

Recently several letters have 
been written ProtestiDl certain ads 
a. "offenllve" because theae ads 
have been placed by alle.edly 
violent (CIA 11& Navy) or POJ'DO-
Irapbk (YolUrt Kina) ol'laDha-
tiODl. WheDever an offenaive ad baa 
beeD .peclflcaUy cited al offensive. 
I bave dUi throuah my private 
Triton Tim .. collection and 
dred&ed up the lasue in question. 
And I bave consistently beeD 
dlaappolnted. Not ... ad hal yet 
merited pin-up statUi. I UI'Ie you to 
exerclae ,reater editorial control 
and add cUlclaimers to those letten 
wblch could be mialeadlna. 

tile furor over D at UCSD. "'rcWf.I\ ""My, u i#! nQt;~ ~rmf+~; o,..,entl 
Abort!oa la certaiDJ)' alepUy aad &., y~' ... i+ 5hco1~ be il1l"er e::5-+'"ns medkaJly accepted pncdee: tile n I '. 
0Dly questlOD II rellliGua· -n. ~u. SOITlt. lUCI in+ .c;r... i~ f rt.,4b ... 

DoubtIeu the acbooI baa forced 
DIlDY of u.a to vloWte our beUefa 
wbeae¥er we rtPater aad pay our 
feea, but nell peraoa baa a dlU..-t 
ObJecUOD. Some dlaUke paylD, 
admlDlatratora, otl.era reject 
varioua atudemaervicea. Pertla .. a 
few would rather DOt permit the 
GSC to buy beer for Ita pard ... TIle 
Wlivenlty la home to maDY~. 
It providea 8Oclal, recreatiOlll1 iuad 
medical aervicel, iD addition to 
education. 

Tbe real iSlue mUlt be the 
fUDdlu source for birth control and 
IYnecololical servlcea in ,eDeral. 
Student health doe. cover these 
rather essential areaa UIiDI rea fee 
money. I think tbla is reasonable. 
To exclude 8 valid procedure such 
as abortion II arbitrary and unfair. 

I do not particularly care for 
abortion . However , it Is a 
re880nable method of last resort, 
much like amputatiDl a lei to 
prevent death by gangrene 
poisoniDg. No matter what anYODe, 
parti~ularly 8 man, says or does, 
abortions wlll keep bappenin,. 
Even when it was considered 
illegal, many women chose it. often 
at considerable expense and risk. It 
can happen at UCSD - my cousin 
died from an meaal abortion oniy a 
few months before her collele 
IrBduation. 

Tb is is a very c omplicated 
problem. I wlsb the idealists would 
defend the lives and careers of 
college students as well as those of 
their potential buman beiDls. 

ROBERT HOnON 

Rape threat at Central 
EdItor: 

) finally called the police. 
All quarter, on the upper floors of the Central Library. a ma~ has been 

watching me througb the book shelves. Tbe las~ time) saw him I went 
downstairs to the circulation desk. I started crymg. An employee at the 
desk called the police. ) then saw the man who has been bothering me leave the library. almost 
running. , bl . Had the police come a minute earlier they would ve heen a e to question 

b~~t they took their time. They came at an idle ·walk and were j~king 
amoDlst themselves. The police station is a block away. I don' t know If the 
police a re always so slow. _ 

The employee at circulation told me that three attempted rapes occured 
in Central last yea r . The police said there were none reported . 

In the past two years three men have hasseled me in Central. The ~ay 
after I called the police a report of indecent exposure was made on the Sixth 
floor . ) ' d Why doesn't a policeman patrol Central during open hours? m scare , 
for myself. I'm angry. with the police. .. . 

I was looking forward to being safe here on campu~ after IIvlDg In the 
center of a city in the Bay Area . I was a lmost raped ID OakJand . 

(Please turn to page 7) 

Academic freedom denied 
Editor: 

I bad the pleasure of heariDi 
Eleanor Widmer speak alaln l8It 
week. It spawDed thouibts and 
questions of her and why sbe 'Was 
deDled tenure. 

Department politics, we know 
they are important. 

We can see why unity of ideas II 

necessary within the structure of 
the university. 

We realize that women faculty 
are sometimes a lillie different in 
their views and bard to " control." 

We realize tbat research and 
publisbinl are extremely impor-
tant to the name of a prestilioWi 
university like UCSD. 

'~rich, 
imJlOl1.3.nt 

novel"* 

But whoever is responsible for 
the loss of Eleanor Widmer, you 
have taken away one of your most 
inspirational "lIChera from your 
s tudents. 

It saddeflll me to think that UCSD 
gives so many strokes to their 
researchers wbo are. many· times. 
poor teachers and denies teDure.to 
the faculty wbo excell in the 
communication lind enli,btenment 
of the future heads of our society. 

Thll is a good indication of how 
much UCSD (whicb is supposed to 
be an institution of bllher leaminl) 
cares about the inspiration and 
education of students. 

"Anya is a remarkable picture of what 
has come to be known as 'modern woman.' 
Wh ile she may be more appealing -
because she knows what she is dOing-she 
is more ruth less than most fem inist 
heroines ... . Yet Mac is an admirable charac-
ter, a new kind of hero." ~" .. 

I am not sure wbat the answer to 
this problem is. But if you (the 
faculty and administration) care 
about our education, I su"est that 
the students have lOme power of 
appeal to the tenure committees. 

MIKE McDONALD 

STEVE SEROCKJ 

TT and Steve Gould have 
responsibility to student~ 
Editor: d' . .. Last Wednesday 's TT article entitled " Smear attempt Is,ustmg 
was in itself, nothing short of a smear attempt. And it was a pretty 
feeble attempt at that since " the credibility of" the anonymous writer 's 
letter " is demolished" by some research into many of his alle,ations 
concemiDi Lee Johnson and the running of one of the finest intra-mural 
programs in the state and . possibly, the nation. .. .. 

His accusations range from teams winning champIonships only as 
long as Johnson permits it" (tbrou,h " plain disqualification of 
silDificant competitors", no doubt) to Johnson altering employment 
records so as not to pay student workers for work rendered. Having 
been involved with 1M sports and reffing in my years at UCSD J know 
that bis allega tions edge on the absurd. 

In response to the writer's comment that Johnson "wants to shut 
up Steve Gould and the TT" (in reference to Gould 's editorial Feb. 22. 
and the subsequent responses . March I) I would Ilketo say that the TT 
and Gould have a responslbillty to the students at UCSD to print 
worthwhile a rticles. The paper certainly sbould not be used as a 
platform from which to launch personal attacks on individuals or to 
make excuses for losses on the 1M basketball court. Gould 'sartlcle had 
no class and didn't deserve the valuable space that it took up. 

YASHNYZNYK 

Personal attack should be 
accompanied by evidence 
Editor: 

At first blush. I felt the no-name writer's frantic. paranoid attitude in 
submitting a letter so riddled with inaccuracies would be suffiCiently 
obvious to the readersbip of the TT as to not warrant a response . Yet it 
seems to me that a personal attack of tbis nature should be 
accompanied by substantiating evlc1eJlce to back up the llrious 
accusations made. Hiding safely behind the veil of anOllymity. it'seasy 
to sling wild hearsay and other fecal matter into the fray to further a 
personal vendetta . . . 

I am not that worried about Dr. Johnaon 's profeSSional reputation . 
Having been Involved in the Recreation Department the past two years , 
I personally know most of the allegations to be a combination of half-
truths and outright falsehoods . What really concerns me here Is how 
this war-in-print will renect on the Intramural pro,ram at UCSD. Along 
with co-<iirector Mike Hipp, Lee Johnson has been instrumental in 
developing a sports program for the average student that is one of the 
finest at any university In the country. The Recreation Department has 
assertive leadersbip and is constantly striving to provide recreational 
outlets for the maximum number of students. Constructive criticism 
and sUllestions for new activities are encouraled - unfounded. 
irresponsible axe-grind!n, should be kept at the personal level. not 
brazenly displayed before the whole scbool in print. 

Finally, to set the record straigbt, Lee, as any staff member, has lull 
participation rights in Intramural sports. The fact that he hand-~Iects 
a team to win in softball is no different than wbat any other captalD of a 
AAA team does. No one denies that AAA level sports are very 
competitive. More relaxed levels of competition are provided in all 
sports and students are free to play in those lealues, as , in fact, the 
majority do. 

ROBERT A. HILKE 
Un.ula&in 

Meet Mac and Anya. J: . 
Two people who dare to f 
try for trust and love in ! · ~i"'!'iI"'O'rlI'I Parking permit; a license to hunt? 

; I 

a society that opts for 
the safety of the 
casual aHair. 

"An extraordinary 
nove l ' '- The Narional 
Observer 

L A Tm es ~""'~V0~J~~~:' 
Tne New York Tmes ,"_i.',·;y;,·.; ."·:·;,·:,,:.,,,""-_~~_ .•. 

81870 52 25 

LL PREMEDS AND 
PRE DENTS applying to schools this year 
and who wish a Health Science Advisory Committee 

interview, must have complete ' file in the Health 
Sciences offices by Friday, March 24. 

THIS IS ABSOLUTE, NO EXCEPTIONS!! 

Editor: 
On 2/23/ 71 . when I arrived at 

work , much to my surprise I found 
out that approximately 20 "B" 
parkiDa spaces bad beeD roped off 
for the parkin, convenience of the 
participantl of a conference beiDl 
held on campus. . 

HavlDl the dubious distinction of 
haviDi an " A" parkin, sticker. for 
wbicb I pay m.80 a year, I was a 
little upaet . particularly because 
lately my " A" sticker, instead of 
beiDi a parkinl permit, is now a 
license to hunt. 

I was dismayed to find out that 
the comerence we were bosUnl was 
for Affirmative Action Coordina· 
torsoft~ UCSystem. It seems that 

-

Attention 
Revelle Graduatllll 

Seniors 

-

the Affirmative Action Officen 
ba ve learned that It I. more difficult 
to take from the "baves" than to 
take from tbe " bave not· . ... It 
seems thll is the straw that brealta 

the camel's back: wben Affirma-
tive Action , Coordinators alllUffie 
the privlledle. or the miibty, II it 
then all lost? 

WILLIAM A,T. BYRD 

All of CIA is responsible 
EdJtor: 

In response to Bill Matthew'. 
letter on Feb. 17, I would Ilke to 
queltioD the naivete of peraoDilUch 
al himself who believe that there Is 
somehow an esaentisl difference 
betweeD a CIA " operative" and the 
"sedentary majority of Aaeney 
employees" whose research and 
planninl both make poulble and 

,~~.""" .,_"","_ .. _ .. _ .• "".A""" 
• c 

. tCOMMUNITYI 
:fBLOOD BANK( 
, 913 India I f 327 FStrHl i 
~ PAYSDONORS ( 
,t . for Service t 
( "_. -Frt. , 

I US-MIl ( 
..................... ~~:~ ............. -~ 

direct the operative'. work. It tlkes 
more thaD a few bired criminals to 
subvert a democratic aovemment 
such as Cblle'l before 1m. It takes 
man)' criminals with many millions 
of dollars and many " well 
educated. tecbnlcally .kllled 
people" at their di.poaal to 
intervene in the democratic 
proceaHl of countrlet throulhout 
the world and support dlctatora 
such as Pinocbet and the Shah of 
Iran. 

It II. to use Bill Matthew's words . 
a Darrow minded. romantic , 
adolelCellt. lheltered viewpoint of 
the world to Ipore the enell to 

, which tbeCiA put .. U the nice cleln 
work of their " well educated . 
tecbnicaUy sld1lec1" people or to 1m.,., that IUcb actlvltiea are the 
work of I few laolated elemeDta and 
not coordinated efforts to imple-
ment tbe pollclel of tbe CIA 
iDvolvlnl all the reeourcel of the 
Aleney, sedentary and otherwise . 

SHARON MYERS 

Monell,; 118I'Ch 13,1171 

Sit-In ••. 
(Cudnued from pale 1) 
reg fee funding, but the committee and not me 
has to set such a priority." 

After some discussion, the parents voted to 
stay in the office as a visible demonstration 
against the Chancellor's action. 

On behalf of the group, Serena Layona 
requested that the Chancellor return to hear out 
the parents' position . She said, "The Chancellor 
said he didn't have to sit here and listen to us . We 
all know the parents are going to fight to keep 
the day care center the way it Is. We 're not going 
to accept downgrading ." 

.......... &0 reaffirm 
"Our purpose is to reaffinn our position, 

Gibbs added. "It is unacceptable to franchise 
out to another agency. Only one member of the 
Day Care Ad Hoc Options Committee 
recommended a franchise . Eleven members on 
that committee voted to continue the current 
program and get Department of Education 
help." 

Otber parents expressed concerns that an 
outside agency would most likely be unable to 
provide infant care and staff hired by the center 
would make less than the UCSD work study 
students who help at the center. 

The situation intensified as supportive crowds 
gathered outside the office . All the Day Care 

tritDn times 
.. 

Center closed for the evening, many parents 
picked up t~ir children and went to the 
Chancellor's Office to learn the results of the 
meeting. 

University police under direction of Chief 
Hugh French guarded the buildjng, but took no 
action . Until 5 pm t he police allowed 
unrestricted flow of students moving in and out 
of th~ building. Once they locked the door, police 
continued to allow students to leave. Several 
students attempting to get past the police into 
the building later on in the evening were 
collared. but not arrested . 

Susan Chavez spoke of the day care services 
as an affirmative actlol\ issue . .. I am a woman, a 
minOrity. and a single-parent. It's a struggle to 
get into this university. Once we are here, it is 
the university'S responsibility to provide child 
care. Without it, I won' t have the option of 
continuing my education until my children are 
older . I will stay where the system has 
planned." 

Strategy seuion 

WHY 
SPIRITUAL 
HEALING 

? 
• 

Free Public Christian Science 
Lecture by 

Thomas A. McClain 
Thursday, March 16th at 8 p.m. 

Marston Junior High School AuditOrium 
Ute Street and Clalremont Drive 

Child care at Eighth Church of Christ, Scientist 
3410 Clalremont Drive 

Taking the chalk board, Diane Evans led the 
group in a goal setting and strategy session. The 
parents voted to stay until " the media comes." 

By 6: 30 pm, television camera crews as well ..• =====iiEiiiii5iiliiilEEE!!!I!!!!!!!!!!!i!!!I!_iI!l!!!!!!!!!!!E5" 
(Please turn to page 7) 

KING OF BEERS • ANHEUSER·BUSCH. INC • ST LOUIS 



....... 13,1171 

onday 3/13 
lac.: For further information and to make an 
ap~} tment contact Career Planning and Placement Services, hat's 0 3/13-3/22 
Bldn. B, Student Center. 

Get AbIolu&ely Wowed: April 17-21. 
... ·/: ')5 am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting 

meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

A Weekly 'Guide 
t am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. 3 pm: Test Anxiety (Hugh 

call 452-2522. Location: 1254 H-L. Free. We dn e s d ay 4063_·sFpreem •. · AdVJ'sory ~VI""II"" 18 am·S pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 3/-
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 15 meeting, including Budget 
pm. Phone 452-2167. student services and 

n Campus Events 
ISone-s~otseminar. Warren 

Fee Programs (Reg Fee) 
and Program Review of all 

Conference Room. 

7: 30-10 pm: Focus Training Meeting: we will be doing more role 
plays. Revelle Formal Lounge. 

8 pm: Anton Kuerti , pianist - piano reci t a l. Mandeviile 
Auditorium. Admission: general $5.00, students and seniors $3.00 . 
Sponsored by UCSD Music Department. 

11 am·l! noon: Weight Management Group - for any student who Student Center l;OInpl,ex, 
wants to modify his/her lifestyle for maximum health, productivity Teledyne Ryan: Interview. For further information and to make 4: 00 pm: ~u,.n .. 'tU'UIII Zirker, Sacramento Peak 
and happiness. Group focuses on: I) changing eating habits, not an appointment contact Career Planning and Placement Services, Observatory. Topic: TLH 104. 

8 pm: "The Caucasion Chalk Circle" - A play by Bertolt Brecht. 
directed by Eric Christmas. Performed by John Muir Theater 
Ensemble. HSS 2250. Admission 99¢ at door. 

dieting; and 2) developing decision power rather than will power. Bldg. B, Student Center. 4 pm: General 1"';""'"11< 'cs and Management Science 
Facilitator: Diane Evans. Call Becca at 452-3755 to sign up. Location: If flnals don', get you, Wow will, April 17-21. Students Association to m~'l:U!l.<lD events for Spring Quarter. 8 pm-l! mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 

refreshments , and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

412 Warren Campus. 6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting Check bulletin board near Economics Department for 
Noon: Rape Task Force meeting. Organization for first campus meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call location. 

wide meeting. Also, Joan Koerper of San Diego's Emer. Med. 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 4 pm: General planning 
Services will attend to discuss ra~ victim medical care. East 9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic .- Help with course papers. For appoint. Economics and ManaJgernelnt 

for next quarter's events. 
Students Association. North 

Conference Room, Student Center Complex. call 452-2522. Location: 12ft I1-L. Free. Conference Room, :stulOellt 
Noon: Biochemistry Seminar - Dr. Sydney Spector, Roche 10 am-12 noon and 2-4 p'n: What Can You Do With Your Major? 4:00-&:00 pm: Lectures Michel de Certeau. "Les 

Institute of Molecular Biology - "Presence of an Endogenous Non· Informal meetings wit Maxine Bailey, Career Advisor for Grands Navigateurs du de Jules Verne, Ou La 

9 pm: Wednesday Night Hootenany - An informal place for 
musicians to perform. To play sign up in Page One or just show up. 
Come and listen to UCSD talent. 5 & Dime, Muir Commons. Free. 

Peptide Morphine-Like Substance." 2100 BSB. Engineering and Physical Sciences. Call for an appointment to Navigation Bibliothecaire." formal Lounge. 
1-% pm: Meditation Center - proides a setting for silent sitting discuss your career related concerns, 452-4355. 5 pm: Graduate Student \:tIlmE~eting . Funding of Special 

meditation. Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 10 am-S pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Projects proposals will be representatives should Thursday 3/16 after 9 pm. Free. Located next to the Muir S and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm on attend. East Conference Center. Free. 
4: 00 pm: High ElR!rgy Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Phillippe Wednesdays. Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. 6: 30 pm! AS meeting. Conference Room, Student 

Eberhard, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory. Topic: Contradiction 11 am·! pm: CalPIRG office hours. See Tuesday March 14 same Center. 
Between Quantum Theory and Locality. Location: P&L 1110. time for details. 7 pm: Pre·Meds/Pre·Denls 

4 pm: Special Lecture sponsored by Dept. of Chemistry , Noon: UCSD Single Parents Group invites all single parents to Vice-chancellor's Conference 
with Anxiety in Interviews. 

ldg. B. 
Membrane Biology Training Program. Dr. L.L.M. Van Deenen, .come join the interaction Wednesdays from noon to 1 pm in Revelle 7-9 pm: Anxiety and 
Rijksuniversiteit Utrecht, Utrecht, The Netherlands. Informal Lounge on topics such as 38 going on 17, Sexuality, Children chancellor's Conference age in Interviews . Vice · 

4 pm: UCSD New Poetry Series Reading; Nathanial Tam. Revelle in Transition, Letting Go of the Past, The Dating Game and Single 7-9 pm: Programming La c - A clinic to provide help 
Formal Lounge. Parenting. Bring a sack lunch. Revelle Informal Lounge. Free. for students with mmi."", problems. Computer 

7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 1% noon-I pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational Classroom, room 125, Third College. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 discussion; all must attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. 7-10 pm: Page One is the . for info and rap. Open 
pm. Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. necessary, located in conference room at Student Health Center. from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 ys . Located in Muir 

7: 30 pm: Covenant Community (Catholic, Episcopal and I-! pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting Commons next to the 5 and UII •• "" .. 
Lutheran) in the church parsonage. University·Community Church, meditation. Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 7: 30 pm: Lenten Bible "LL'UY . '_ ~;HY 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. after 9 pm. Free. La Jolla Shores Drive. 

7: 30 pm: Because he is gay, James Gay lord, a Tacoma , · ~"":"'-~-------------~r-~-------=V::i-rg-i:-n-o-::I:-iv-e-o-::i:-l.-:M:-::-y-=f-=ri:-e-nd-=s-;:-;".i.i:-v;,-:-um-e-t-=-h-a:-t ::V::-ir-g-=in-s-w- e-re- a-n- ' 
Washington schoolteacher, was fired . Even though no accusations of endangered species. Now I knew why , and where they 
misconduct were made, the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear his were goine. Daily in this since it's imported oil) 
case last October. James Gaylord will be speaking tonight at 7: 30 pm K thousands of nubile you being pressed into Virgin 
at Montezuma Hall in S.D.S's Aztec Center. Admission: F.ree. • olive oil, less fortunate lowly Virgin cottonseed oil, 

8 pm-12 mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place byproducts are converted wool; nasty bits are used in 
for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of Wa lly Virgin -tobacco. This MORAL OUTRAGE AND 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone MUST STOP! 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren "Our organization has .a plan to send a massive 
Campus. Free. Koa lumn expedition of (ifty rnJllaner (I will lead) to Rome this 

d summer to implement ~laI~'erlng campaign. This , we Tues ay 3/14 hope, willprotectthese ingpressedintoservice .. . 
Woolworth's Inc.: For further information and to make an 

appointment contact Career Planning and Placement Services Bldg. 
B, Student Center. 

6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent si tUng 
meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

9 am·S pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers . For appoint. 
call 452-2522. Location: 1254 H·L. Free. 

10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open fro 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 
pm. Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. 

1'. am-2 pm: CalPIRG has office hours in its office in the KSDT 
Radio Station. A staff person is there to rap about Spring projects, the 
referendum, etc. Check it out. 

Noon: Communications Student Union meeting. Will be discussing 
Mike Real 's tenure situation and what we can do. MCC 133. 

I! noon-l pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational 
discussion; all must attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. 
necessary, located in conference room at Student Health Center. 

12 noon-I: 30 pm: Sex Clinic. For individuals or couples seeking 
information or counseling about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates, 
facilitator. Call Yolanda at x3490 to sign up. Revelle Counseling 
Office, at Revelle Provost 's Office. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting 
m4i!ditation. Instruction provided if desired . For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm. Free. 

4: 00·6: 00 pm: Lectures by Professor Michel de Certeau. " La 
Litterature de Voyage France·Amerique, Du XVIe AU XVIIle 
5iecle. Structures et Coupures." Revelle Formal Lounge. 

7 pm: Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All are 
welcome. Student Office Argo Hall. 

7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 
pm Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. 

7: 30 pm: Pre-Dents: Dc Fr~nk Howell of Scripps Clinic will 
discuss oral pathology and restoration. North Conference Room. 
Student Center. 

7: 30 pm: Trident Christian Fellowship. Come and rewrite the 
Sermon on the Mount. Revelle Formal Lounge. 

8 pm: SONOR - Contemporary Music. Sponsored by UCSD Music 
Dept. Location: Mandeville Auditorium. Free. 

Once upon a time, there lived a psychopomp whose only outlet 
was becoming a koala bear ... and a six foot invisible rabbit. Ever 
since the days of the revolution by our great and glorious leader, 
the schizophrenic mystique has impelled our heroine to journey 
the Waste Land in search of happiness, a prince, and a college 
degree . But how can owil be happy when there is so much misery 
in the world? Yes, the road to happiness is often paved with low 
grade asphalt. 

Yet along the many paths there was much to be learned. One day 
our herione spyed a 6'6" gnome beneath a basketball hoop, who 
was wondering, "Why no 'White Whales and Other Memorabilia' 
last Wednesday? I always look for it." 

Could this be her prince (or at the least her college degree) ? 
Anticipation oozing from every syllable she pontificated, "Alan 
Russell, writer of 'White Whales', claims he has lnked his last 
column because of what he terms the 'air of repression' around 
campus. Russell's Wednesday column , which never got printed, 
was an elaborate take·off on 'bust developer' advertisements. The 
column, 'White Whales and Other Memorabilia ' showed among 
other things such statements as 'I'll Make Mountains from Your 
Molehills' (eat your heart out Charles Atlas) , Russell's hands, etc. 
The satire's 'conclusion' :was two pictures at the bottom of the 
page, one of Chancellor McElroy and one of Vice-chancellor 
Saltman showing their increased 'bustlines' because of the course. 
Many members of the TT staff felt the column 'shouldn't be run 
because it 'might be offensive' to those who did not get ' the 
point(s) '. Russell, in disgust, quit the column . It will be missed .. 
The ad in question will be in the TT office as will the 
commencement of the Alan Russell Relief Fund. " 

Upon hearing the reply, without batting an eye, the Froudian 
One scurried through a manhole screaming, " The tunnels! The 
tunnels! " 

Fur bristling with agony; owil trod its way through the concrete 
jungle ignoring the policeman whispering, "Hey, you wanna buy 
some stuff?" 

Hours pass, feet swell and no happiness. April is the cruelest 
month . 

" Behold, woman, your saviour is at hand," screamed a strange 
looking. bearded, armour clad monk, springing into our now 
befuddled heroine's path. " I, Simon of Budapest, have come to 
save the day." 

" My, Simon, what a big sword you have." 

"Finally, if our ful , the foreign Virgin 
shortage will force in the good ole U.S. of A. 
We therefore recommend ladies who still are ladies 
quickly engage in sexual protecting themselves from 
the horror of the presses. freedom of the press we 
cannot allow! ! ! " 

"Parthenophiliac! " Owil 's could not cope, could not 
meet the gaze of this .IICIUU'_ 

No. Fleeing, seeking an4)nin.alla legs scooting along, owil 
finally outdistanced him . be time for visions and 
revisions. But now 'U'IJI.Hl'U':» 

"Show me the way, king! II 
With blinding speed there of the heavens the "Holy 

Grail" of her dreams - an ' Owil had been heard. 
Can this .be happiness? ... I> r,,·rl Can this light play of 

optical oSmosis be real? W ears tense, she ascended the 
spiral staircase. 

At long last, could this be 
into the clouds, forever 
displaced by anxiety, 
Happiness is unending. 

And then .. . 

The staircase climbed 
onwards. Her fear now 

end lessly . The search for 

A ray of artiCiciallight hrilla!!r path. There, at the top of 
the steps lay the final into a running ~ate, the 
koalees lumbered her way, , praying for an end to 
her knightmare. 

Slowly opening the door. nxiously to the other side, 
heart pounding, veins pouring dow her face, she 
barely made out a slim m interior. 

" Come in my child, and ," he said. 
" Jean·Paul Sartre ?" "No, this can't be 

happening! " 
" There is a vulgarity us admit anything in this 

world, but which is not to make us admit this 
world itself. Hence we s miseries even as we 
repudiate Life, let ou away by the frenzies of 
desire even as we reject n live the way the others do 
and yet conceal a 'no' world: that is melancholy's 
infinity ... 

"I have learned from within the next billion 
years our sun will grow to likely engulfing 
Mercury; Venus, and our and then collapse into 
itself. What is UCSD dol for this catastrophe?" 

This poor koala was in a there possibly be an answer 

Xerox .Corpora~ion -Information Systems Group: Interview. For 
furthe.r mformatlOn and to make an appointment contact Career 
Plannmg and Placement Services Bldg. B, Student Center. 

United California Sank: Interview. For further information and to 
mak~ an appointment contact Career Planning ' and Placement 
Services Bldg. B, Student Center. 

6-7.: 15 .am: Medita~ion Cen~er - provides a setting for si lent sitting 
medItatIOn. InstructIOn prOVided for those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

9 am·ll am: Pro~ram'f!1ing Language Clinic - A clinic to provide 
help for students WIth prog.ramming language problems. Computer 
Classroom, roo~ ~25 , ~e~la/Communications Third College. 

9 am-5 pm: Wntmg ChnlC - Help with course papers. For appoint. 
call 452-2522. Location: 1254 H·L. Free. 

.10-12 a~: Wh~t Can You Do With Your Major? Informal meeting 
wl~h Maxme Bailey, Career Advisor for Engineering and Physical 
SCiences. Call for an appointment to discuss your career related 
concerns, 452-3490. Location: Warren Provost Office. 

10 am·S pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7.10 
pit'!. Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. 

11 am·! pm: CalPIRG office hours - See Tuesday March 14 same 
time {or details. -

11: 30 am: Meeting of the Society of Physics Stude~ts . Professor 
Frank Thiess will speak. Revelle Formal Lounge. 

12 ~oon: AMES 205 , Seminar No.4, Film Series - " Low Reynolds. 
Number Flows." 7104 Urey Hall. Free. l!: 00 noon: Biophysics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. D. MacLeod, UCSD. 
TopIC: Zez Rol Mechanism in Flicker Detection. Location: MH 3405. 

1-2. p~: Meditatio~ Center - provides a setting for silent sitting 
meditatIOn. InstructIOn provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm. Free. 

3 pm; Test Anxiety (Hugh Pates) OASIS one·shot seminar. Warren 
406 . Free. 

3: 30-4: 30 pm: Weight Management Group - for any student who 
wants to .f!1odify his /her lifestyle for maximum health, productivity 
a~d . happmess. Group focuses on: I) changing eating habits, not 
dletmg; and 2) developing decision power rather than will power. 
Facilitator: Diane Evans. Call Becca at 452-3755 to sign up. 412 
Warren Campus. 

4 pm: OrganiclInorganic Seminar - Dr. Hideki Sakurai Tohoku 
University, Sendai, Japan. "Recent Program in the Chemis'try of Si· 
Si Single and Double Bonds. " HL 1402. . 

5-6 pm: Judo Club Workout. Wrestling Room. 
S: 30 pm: Women's Center general meeting, all women welcome. 

Women's Center. . 
'. 6 pm: Bicycle Maintenance Class - taught by ace mechanic. 
Learn to fix your own wheels! and gears and brakes, etc. Bike Shop. 
Free. 

6-8 pm: Surf Club meeting. APM 2250. 
7 pm: Meeting 0( the , UCSD Spanish Club. Revelle Informal 

Lounge. 
7-10 pm: Pa8e One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 

Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 
pm. Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. 

8 pm: "The Caucasian Chalk Circle" - a play by Bertolt Brecht, 
directed by Eric Christmas. Performed by John Muir Theater 
Ensemble. HSS 2250. Admission 99¢ at door. 

8 pm: "UCSD's Winter Dance Concert" will be held in the 
Mandeville Auditorium on Thursday, March 16 at 8 pm. Featuring -
" The Dance Players" a company in residence at The Dance Place, 
and a duet from the Spanish Dance Compnay " Musica e Danzas de 
Espana." Mandeville Auditorium. Price: General $3 .00, Students 
$1.50. 

8 pm·l% mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place 
for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - ).II u~jd.:a '" a"UlI.g for silent sitting 
meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. 
call 452-2522 . Location: 1254 H·L. Free. 

10 am·12 noon: What Can You Do With Your Major? Informal 
meetings with Maxine Bailey, Career Advisor for Engineering and 
Physical Sciences. Call for an appointment to discuss your career 
related concerns , 452-3490. Revelle Provost. 

10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm on 
Fridays. Phone 452-21 67. Muir Commons. 

11 am-2 pm: CalPIRG office hours. See Tuesday March 14 same 
time for deta ils. 

12: 05 pm: Marine Biology Seminar, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. Speaker: Dr. David Jewson, ew University of 
Ulster, N. Ireland. Subject: "Turbidity and net phytoplankton 
photosynthesis in well· mixed Irish lakes." 4500 Marine Biology Bldg. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting 
meditation. Instruction provided if desired . For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm. Free. 

3 pm: Marine Chemistry Seminar, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. Speaker: Dr. T.R. Tosteson, Visiting Professor, 
CALTECH. Subject: " Micro·alga l Adhesion." 2145 Ritter Hall. 

5-12 pm: Need a quiet , su pportive place to study on Friday night? 
Students for Supportive Allopathic Study (SSAS) will open Garren 
Auditorium, BSB 1105, to all UCSD students as a study hall on Friday 
from 5 pm to midnight. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

6: 30 pm and 9: 50 pm (Two Complete Shows): Friday Night Movies 
- "Silent Movie" and " Blazing Saddles." Mandeville Auditorium. 
Admission: $1.25. Sponsored by University Events . 

8 pm: "The Caucasian Chalk Circle" - see Wednesday March 15 
same time for details. 

8 pm: Bernhard Batschelet, Flutist. Mandeville Recital Hall. Free. 
8-11 pm: Forum: Eurocommunism: Dorothy Healy, long time 

activitis : Carlos Blanco, Spanish Literature, UCSD ; Stanley 
Aronowitz, Comparative Cultures, UCI; discuss Eurocommunism. 
Revelle Cafeteria . Sponsored by Political Education Group. 

Saturday 3/18 
6-7.: 15 ~m: Medita~ion Cen~er - provides a setting for silent sitting 

medItatIOn. InstructIOn prOVided for those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

10 am: Bicycle ride. Twenty to forty miles easy to medium pace -
for everyone who loves cycling. Meet at the Bike Shop at 10 am. 

2 pm: "The Caucasian Chalk Circle" - A play by BertoIt Brecht 
directed by Eric Christmas. Performed by John Muir Theate; 
Ensemble. HSS 2250. Admission: 99¢ at door. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass - following mass wine and cheese and short 
film. University Community Church. 

S-I! pI!': Need a q~iet place to study Saturday night? Students for 
Supportive ~llopathlc Study, a student organization open to all UCSD 
students, Will open Garren Auditorium BSB 1105 as a study hall on 
Saturday from 5-12 pm. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

8 pm: "The Caucasian Chalk Circle" - see Wednesday March 15 
same time for details. 

.8 pm: La Jolla Civic/ University Symphony featuring: violinist 
Sidney Harth . Mandeville Auditorium. Admission: $5 .00 general 
student $2.00. ' 

Sunday 3/19 
. 6-7.: IS am: Medita~ion Cen~er - provides a setting for silent sitting 

medItatIOn. InstructIOn prOVided for those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

8: 30 am: Catholic Mass - University Community Church. 
.10 am: Lutheran Palm Sunday Communion Service followed by 

dls?ussi?n on " Eucharistic Consensus," led by P~stor Huber. 
Umversl ty-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

10: 30 am: Catholic Mass - North Conference Room Student 
~~~ , 

12: 03 pm: Episcopal Euchari~t Mass. University.Community 
Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

.3 pm: La Jolla Civi~/University Symphony: featuring violinist 
Sldney Harth . MandeVIlle Auditorium. Admission: $5.00 General $2 .00 Students. ' 

5 pm: Catholic Mass - University Community Church . 
7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap 

Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 7-10 pm on Sundays ' 
Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. . 

8 pm·12 mid: T~e Outback ~afe is a comfortable gathering place 
for students which o.(f~~s mghtly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, .and actlvltles that encourage interaction. Telephone 
452-3092 (evemngs) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

Finals Week 
Monday March 20 

8 ~m: Scripps Institution of Oceanography 75th Anniversary 
Pubbc u;cture. Speaker: Dr. Walter H. Munk, Prof. of Geophysic 
SIO. SubJect: " Weather in the Spa." Sherwood Hall 700 Prospect 
Street. Open to students and public at no charge. ' 

Tuesday March 21 
8 pm-12 mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place 

for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments , and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

"The better to protect you from the onslaught of modem society, 
my dear." 

"Why. Simon, what a long beard you have. " 
"The better to strain my soup, my dear." 
" Wow, Simon, what a big codpiece you have!" 

to such a question? Such meant for minds more 
articulate than our own. help a poor koala and its 
schizophrenic alter e,o, . t, and relieve a tired mind? 
Please, PLEASE send this question, and other 
questions to: K. W Times, B-016. and wait for 

4 pm: Relaxing for finals . Nortb C:>nference Room, Student Center. 

3/ 17 ~:;~:;~;; Prep".tion Coun TLH ~;a ch 22 Friday 
9 pm: " Public Enemy" sta rring James Cagney and Jean Harlow. 

. Watch for the Grapefruit scene. At the Side Door. VG Donut Night. 
"lJ'he better to save you with, my dear. Recently an alarming 

situation was brought to my attention. There we were in the 
market when I saw rows of bottles filled with 

the conclusion of our P .S. All questions printed 
above are bona fide Our audience. Love one 

AMES Biomedical Supplies: Interview. For further information 
and to make an appointment contact Career Planning and Placement 
Services Bldg. B, Student Center. 

N~n.1 pm: Center for Mu ic Experiment ('olloquium: Alvin 
LUCier, compo er, will present hi recent work at "'onnecticut 
Wesleyan and UCSD. 408 Warren Campu . Free. 



lIonelll,. lIerch 13. 18" 

T~IS Week In Sports Hernandez takes a 4th in Nationals 
Joe Hernandez took fourth Allen took a twelfth place, with wblle the 400 medley relay 

lion Mar 13 lien'. T.,.. va Unlv. of K.n ... 4pm 
4pm 
3pm 

place in the 100-meter freeltyle a 2: 01.11 time in the 200 meter team took sixteentb witb a 
to bilbUpt UCSD's flnt-ever backstroke. 3: 46.57. 
appearance In the NAIA Halsted alao had a fourteenth The UCSD overall team W_·. T ..... VI Kan ... 

....... VI Unlv. of New Mexico 
Golf va USIU/SD Golf Academy at 
WhItpef'lng Palmi 

12 pm 
nationalswimJnlDt and divinJ place finish In the 1850 finished fourteenth, with 33 
championsbipa, held over the freestyle , with a 16: 51.2 time. points. Simon Fraser College, 
weekend in Portland, Oreeon. Hernandez took a seventeenth located In Canada , finisbed 

T .... Mar 14 ••• beII at Unlv. of San Diego 3pm Hernandez was clocked at In the 50 freestyle, with a 22.2, first with 351 points. 47.51 In the 100 free, while andAlienflniabedelpteenthln (MemhersoftheTritonswim 
W_ .......... tSDMeIa 

Wed Mar 15 ........ at Southwestern 
2:30 pm 

6pm 
2pm 
2pm 

Lance Halsted bad the second the 200 1M, with a 2: 02.8. team and coach Bill Morgan 
beat Triton sbowinl, with a The Triton 400 freestyle relay will dis CUll the tea m ' s 
tentb place, 4: 46.45 abowlng In team flniabed with a3: 16.2 time perfonnance in Wednesday's W_', T ....... at La Verne 

W_', Tennie .t SO Mesa the 500 f!1eter f~tyle. ~ar:k and a fourteentb place (Inish, Triton Times.) . 
ThurI Mar 16 ••• .,... VI Unlv. of Wyoming 

Women' ......... vs Unlv. of SO 
2:30 pm 

6pm 
7:30 pm 

2pm 
11 am 
1 pm 

12 pm 

student/staff program as a Onekeytoarevampingofthe DON'T ~ 

Fit Mar 17 
.. t M.r 18 

lien" VoIIey_ •• t Grossmont 
lien', Tennll va O.rtmouth 
W_', Rugby VI Inland RC 
MIn', RugbJ va Del Mar RC 
I ..... VI Westmont 

(doubleheader) 
Track end FIeld In Redlands Invltat. 1 pm 

good example of what the intern program, according to '~8~ '51tQn ooauO 
Campus Intern Program could Whitehill, is that students must 0 
have been . " The program is help design the new program. Tht ~ MoW 
well.tralned, well-coordinated, "I've been talking about this Sp6<e '",\,OpC~ 
terribly effective , and run Idea wi~ people on ~e AS .and MUSi<..: Pin" F~ 
primarily by a student - Ann the adVISOry committee smce . 
Carberry," he said. October. If students can' t get !..,.retto: ~r\"" £\\i$on 

One objection some students things together enou,h to ~~ Sf)IQqU 
have to Whitehill 's idea is that, structure the program Itself, - - • 
in their eyes, the two programs wha~ kind of interns would they -

Campus, Reg Fee Intern8 ••• are too dissimilar in function to make? 'W e ' d help them , of : ••••••• , ..................... : be merged. Whitehill said he course. That would be (un. But • • 
wasn ' t sure this is the case. if we have to do it· for them, : Classlfleds: : 

Can find students what good is it?" : (Conlin.ed from page 1) gram " would provide student 
i mpetus to the program; it Th~. Campus Intern Progra~ would allow students to become 

had ~tructural'pro.blems , more than just employees but 
" If you can get students who Whitehill s a id th a t if a . : 

can work closely with the units student brings a proposal to ' : We take classifieds 
and also understand the Student Affairs, and " we like it, : weekdays from 11 to 3. 
budgetary process, you could we' ll take it to the committee. If : according to Whitehill. " The . . . ' program was structured in ~o proVide a ~lffere~t kind of 

such a fashion that the interns ~nput to the umts, an mput that 
became much as employees to IS m~re useful th~n th!lt no~ 
the program, and it lost its received f ,~om . a~v ls <?ry 
feedba c k and evaluation committees, Whitehill said. 

combine the two programs. we think it' s lacking, we ' ll work : ' 5"-'or studentl 
Such students can be found, and on it back and forth ." In the . : 
we can train them. They can end . the decision belongs to the : 
lea rn quickly by being involved Advisory Comm i ttee and 

TIle Triton Times 
a student·run newspaper 

function." The associate vice-cbancel-
The combined intern pro- lor pointed to the reg fee 

and doinl the job," Whitehill · Acting Vice-chancellor of : •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
said . Student Affairs Howard Hunt. 

END FINANCIAL WORRIES 
A TTENTION, Students, housewives, Sr. Citizens, and all readers 

who need an EXTRA $100 to $1,000 A MONTH OR MORE-
Come to the Lee DesCombes' "SUCCESS SEMINAR!" 

IN PERSON~NE NIGHT ONLY! 

Lee DelCombes, Uhor of "B! A MILLIONAIRE." lind 
"FROM AAGI TO RICHES IN I MONTHS." 

How does one start as a sharec ropper' on bo rn duri ng the great depression in 1934 (RAGS). 
and achieve a ROLLS ROYCE lifestyle (RI CHES)? 

Tired of'·being poor," Lee DesCombes quit school at IS and set out to fi nd success. You will re-
live with Lee the next 13 years of incredible trial and error truggle. until through " INSPI RATI ON'· 
he finally achieved success by start ing a bu ine s with only a $20cash out lay which gros ed an amaz-
ing $1,570.752.880 IN LESS T HAN 6 MONTHS! 

Even more important to you. at his "SUCCESS SEMI NAR" he will te ll you exac/ ~v what you 
can do to use .his FREE step-by-step success formula during your spare time, TO END YOUR 
FINANCIAL WO RRI ES. Sound too good to be true? Listen to what oth ers are saying-

"At age 19, I am studying to be a bookkeeper. At Mr. DesCombes' "S UCCESS SEMINAR," 
I learned how I might pay my way through school in tyle. The investment ? NOT ON E CENT!" 

- Lori Wesdorf, Walnut Creek . CA 
"Thoroughly enjoyed 'Success Seminar'- We got more than we thought we would. We highly 

recommend attending." - Mr. & Mrs. Jesse Bellis, Clayton, CA 
"Many opportunities pr~ ented by Mr. DesCombes excited u : He is truly a remark able man. 

'Success Seminar' is packed wi th enthusia m and money-making opportun ities." 
- Ben & Marlha Foresighl, Walnu t Creek, CA 

"Fantastic presentation. 'Success Seminar' is a must for anyone looki ng to get out of the ra t race 
and into BIG money. Don't miss it!·' - Richard & Elsie Gorman, Daly Cily, CA 

"Mr. DesCombe i an out tanding personality. His dynamic presentation at 'Succes Seminar' 
wa worth many times the price of admission . I highly recommend attendance to all. The opportu -
nities are virtually unlimited." . - Judy A Ikinson. Pleasant Hill. CA 

LIMITED SEATI G . Mr. DesCombes' laM "s CC SS SEMINAR" was a complete sell-out 
with many people turned away. So, right now, call your friend~, get a group together. or come alone. 
BUT COME to "SUCCESS SEMI AR'· at the time and place Ii ted below. 

ADM ISSION IS ONLY $10. ingle ; $15, couple: $30 for a group of5 ; or you can bring your 
success-oriented group of 10 for only $50! (Student · over 18. and Sr. Citizens over 60, individuall y or 
in grnllp ,will be admitted for 'h price!) 

COMPLl Mt:NTA RY BONUS G IFT FROM Lee De Combe. AL L WH O AlTEN D TH E 
"SUCCESS SEMI NA R" listed below will receive a first edi tion, personally autographed copy. of 
Mr. DesCombes' new book, '·FRO M RAGS TO RI CHES IN 6 MONTHS." This highly in-
spirational book which contain many " RAGS TO RICHES" opportun ities crea ted by Mr. Des-
Combes, i now selling nationwide at $10.00 per copy. and eern destined to become a best selle r. IT 
IS YOU RS F R EE. JUST FO R ATTENDING "SUCCESS SEMI NA R" - AN D 

After the seminar, if you do not agree that Mr. De Combe' NO RI SK opportunities will help 
you, PERSONALLY. to e nd your financial worries: YOU R ADMISSION WILL BE REFUN DED 
WITH 0 Q ESTIONS ASKED ! 

, 

San Diego .rea-WedMlday, M •. 15, 1171, 7:30 P.M. • AI I.hr Temple, Hwy. 113 • Clalremont ..... 
Blvd. • San Diego, CA· tor reMtYatlons call (714) 515-1351/515-1357/515-1421/515-1452 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
*LOW COST 
*CONFIDENTIAL 

*STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Inltltute 
283-7391 

WOftl witt! boyt In Tecflnlcal 
and AC8demlc High 8ChooII. 
In aumrner campe, bOya' clue.. 
and In world-wide mIIaIonI. 

To IMm morwlllouC .. CIIhoIIc 
80cItty tor youIII ...... COUIIOftID: 

Monday,"'" 13, 1171 IrIton times 

tr-iton times classifieds 
ClASlllnED AJI8: 

~,,-: *-"-. No • • _ ... :.1 _1._. 
...... ' __ 1_ ' .. 11 ... _ ..... 
AAI ___ we' w_. rer &aM. Tr ..... 

......... 1ionIoft. "-- _1Aot , r_. 
y- - - ... ,.- •• - - ., ... _ .. _ ... _ __ "' ...... In~ 1,. ____ , _ , __ 10 __ • 

0IIIte -. for .... ~ ...... _ 1ft 
r ... 11·1-, .......... rriMy. ' 

personals 
1" po.l tlOD. I t. 0,.. 'II tM, .,. rtmeat of 
.... .-- for -..-- __ ill 
eletlrOpbr. lolo. icl ' r •••• r d ll . ,"or fu r.". , 
Inf.rmill • • c lli J., II .n·UII . 1'1171 
W .... II __ .. If UIr .. •• __ . ..... ad to II-. 
ah e u •• (' .. . . c • . Fo c" • • '2· •••• (I/ U ) 

AUI ... .-_.facull ' .... IIaIf ... ) • • I .... 
10 . _ IliA ~I Complex 1:. pm. 

There ;1 I freshman named Wendy who IIvn In 
!kI,I . . .... y oay lbe 'li celebra,e Ma . "" I • • I •• .,. 
Ipecl.1 d ay . L ••• • M.m , Dad , (3113) 

M.v ....... ' claN for PO""" , .... ,. chUdrtll ( .... 

T.kl~' Iype III ."".,. dioplay unll Like new 
- Bdl_UtII 1S117) • 
p ........ W ... ,..,. 1M mI. . I y •• Id. WSo. belt oIre • . 
Howard .~ (415) , 

up) .lIruApriI.CAII. I· I ... ,II.:II21 ..... (3115) Corvelle-III? con.t wl •• mov.ble ha.d lop, mUll 
... Belt oller over 1& ,100 Howuti t53-42M (4/ 5) 

Doar N..., 8JIcI Em IIDp IIIonb I ...... _ 01.... Fumiture: C.mo. ,rvup .. 1111 boI ..... ond t.bl • 
room ...., don·\jUII 10 •• you for you. __ ...., llood condo .... _lfIt day 431·2&22 .... t3115) 
Naac don 'l I .... ' our Cit ride _Iov. to lito IlIdi 
_Miut:lllS) 

t.o.t drum .-toni .. nttw>r perro ino f!qPmU Wed. 
I: " 011 lith floor Tllud PI~IM: murll r,'.11 W-
SMa Alber. I " II kKat lill111 T~v 5Of11~where 
oe eampul Tlw~ i'l "". .... ~l·,. tn "Teres4II" Ins.de. 
Pli cIII m--uMJ '1 n't 

travel 
BOOK ON ~I'US: £41 ..... , i!aw.Ji .nd N .... 
y.rtCbarte. nl", ... ClUStudenl TravelSludenl 
Conter 8-OU 0.,... ",eekdau ,2-4 CAli .51_ 

Turntable ELac Prof baH. dUll coytr. Sl.1lntoft EEE 
ca" ridee 1100 11117) 
Pioneer stereo I mpSAtoe.5 watu rml '1"~1" 

11 VW BUG liClIl blue. black iDllno • . su.,k .bUl 
AW IFM .... 1 • • tI ....... ,I ... . I_ . ..... ~111' 
lSi 13) 

CeAI fot ............. III .. I. beIae e ....... ... 
-.if In MI. C.U tlWl" """ Andru . (1115) 

Healbk ll AA·1t .m pllfi •• , H.lhbk h J B L 
........ .. , a •• Tan! mlllual tu ... tabIe ' 111 .• JobD 
tll_(SlI3) 

services 
RESEARCH PAPERS - Tboo .. _ OIl file. ,I.7S 
per PI,e. Orlelnal me.reb .... availabl. Send 
.1.00 10. catal", NATIONAL RESEARCH 1_ 
Wilshi.., no 214 LA _'. 12131 m ·ION. ISlI7) 

.----- ..... --. 

PROFESSIONAL THESIS / MANUSCRIPT 
TYPING Ex.,.rienctd: ,~o· .... llIy lamUia. willi 
.11 form' It1w requl .......... Rw;h I.be lI<CepIA!d 
IBM Co.reetin. Selectnc II Iypewrl.... Day *" 
3311. eve. ,...., 0..1" ( 'I '~ 

Prole"Joaal T)lIJIII" R~".oQa~le R~te; IBM 
COrrectinl Selectnc e.1I for F'ree EstimJIte Gail 
411 ·1$40 l'lt) 

Typi",~xperlencecl. reliable. reasonaliJle. rBM 
C.rrectln, Selectric C.II .nytlme 4S5-tI21 101 ... 

. Old. "It I 
NEED A TYPIST' Reaoonoble rail •• SPEEDY 
SERVICE. IBM ",II-correetin, Katili. m._ 
aIle. II: 00 noon. ISlI1) 

I need. room in a houoel bav02 e ... by April • . I am 
qulO' .nd m .. Uy lr1endly. Cill T ...... ~ 
lSi 13) 
Dol Ma.·book..,.ued ..... _I. _ .... 
bl .... call. dupe •• 1Ily _ tblrd ........... ,1». _ 
_ . IIIIS) 

Roommate ......... for 3Br 281 lurnI_ boo.1D 
Unly .... 1¥ City ' IJO/_U., Avlila .... Immed._ 
1m 11/17) 

R-. 1M IWK. La ... _1n EaoIN ...... 2."",, 
of Land. April I to ' ''.1Il10. Dnt. _ (2117) 

RoomIIIaw ... _ ........... iJI Jbdnn 1._ I 
mU .. f ...... USD . 111..-111 plua uW. A .. Uab .. Apt. 
I . tIIUIli (11171 . 

Roommote for IJoIMar_III •• oJIAprill 
755-7 .. 1 .... Ilk 10. IC.tloy o. li:area (1/11) 
TOWII_ to _ ..... c:omple<ely flint Ow. room 
(-I. opIltle\rel. D/W. pool. jacuul . ........ rec: 
room Iou_ .lflr-epio ... ' ltI . .... utll. Wove 111:11. Ca_. 1de ~T_""" .UI_ ........ 11 

10 ploD ............ Ide ...... _ .... ....... tloa 
propam. 

\'~ .. Condo dolWk· BU. lIMIo, P •• dolly 
mold IVC. YI",place .--v .nd Inf. n SO coU . 51-
:ItIS3 ISlIS) 

for sale 
It17TOYOTA Coroili. AMIFM . 2 dr. ilPHd. II..,1 
rldlall . low mile. , 317S 2"· 7413 . (4 J 10) Typl,...aellcorrtetl .. IBM _lrIc I11"III pape ... I Joff _IU. (3 / 13) 

JEAN E. POOH. pie ... como home. w. low. you , 
Happy 28th . now you· ... old tIIOIIIh lorie.n up your 

SUpo.SdIwi,., It.-s _ oIace C>H>p • ..,rIuou) 
.. cell •• 1 cODd " 3. Ma.k 413 ·1111 (I l lS) 

C"'Y. lIalibu 15. , ood dri.,,.. oondJUon. _ . or 
' ........ OIC . .. .,.ri.-d. 4S2· 15II.'.nina • . (III.) 
TYPING' fBMSeloclrlcllrm_ ... UIr_. PbD . • R th · t 
dls .. rtaUooo . ecIIUnp. RUSH JOBS . 4s:H1&51. -- • ape rea .•. 

own room. - Yr. knit tuet roomie . - oller. ClIIi 2tU7I2 ISlI3) '71 C.pri _ . f.lpoed. AM/FM . • \HI rIdLa". new '171. *-. W -JseI (II') , 
;,,,,,,,"aril,n would Uk< 10 lulflll you. Iypln, (Continued from page 2) 

••••••••••••••••••• 
. -- . . •••• ...... •• my § ••• 

I ~t\t.'T~4 l.f)fj .\ :.~~ .: ~t; .... : 
· ~ .. 
• 
•

• Luach Served Y~ur daytime •• 
Mixologist -

• 11:30.... Warren Higgins • 
• to2:00p... • 
• ' Bar..,... 10 •.•.• 
• Try Chef Gene • to 2.... • 
• d.ny.ped.l. • 

• DIDaer Serwd • • • • 5p . ., to lOp... • 
· Fwtw............. 454-1313. 
• Stull ..... Seafood. /1_ : 
•• _O~~ • 

• C/. c;:;;> • 
... ~..... . ............. . 

: ..••••......................•.. ~ ...............•.......•.. ,.,~ .. 

: Undergraduates Needed'r 
. as Math Graders ~ 

($3.94/hour) ~ 
· 

Applicants must be r.egistered students, have ~ 
: an overall college GPA of 3.0 or better (and: 
: have an established UCSD GPA), and have: 

good gr~~e~ in Math 2A, B, C, D, or E or any: 
up~r diVISIon Math courses. Applications are :. 

avaIla~le on the top floor of AP&M. Sele-cted : 
: grade!,s wil~ be contacted early in the quarter. ~ 

· 

:.STUDENTS· WHO HAVE ' GRADED ~ 
~ BEFORE MUST APPLY AGAIN AT: 
: THIS TIME, . ~ 

Janice's 
Hair Garden Special 

Men's Haircuts - Only 58 

JMIn·s SMOftS: 
110 £. W .. I11";'"", NIUcnll 
1P7-6JIO 

I 

a ll hair services 
with Student ID 

and thi. ad 

Rei. $10 

htlin 's N.I, a.,." 
11j() I'roIpHI . 

rotc K". ,.,. ... U JoIItt 1::::111_ 
m-JOfi ' 

· 
· 

murtler and drive Ihaft , re·bullt trilnl and 
alternator. MUM Nlil 1_ or but offer 21&-1$56 
ISlI5' 

wanted 
Cull pold for coIN. eiaoo -...... jewelry doDtal 
..,Id . • te.li .. and Pre I .. U.s. SHv •• col.l. Ken 7:J,5. 
ml (417) 

Mlcrocom ... _ p/"OIr.mme... ..... m .... y by 
leU in. u. market )'our pro. rams . Any type 
pr'OInm on ID), I)'ltf:m. Contrad jobl IVliI.able 
ALan 513·7Ut (3124) 

Subjecu r.r paid Pll'choloalcal •• perimen" on La 
Jolla . Men, ales 21 ..... Ple.se call 452 ... 750. (3 / 17) 

~~~~~ neede<! ro.2m old. 3 dliYllweek. ClIII.SO· 

Telephone solicitors required. Conveni4:!nl hours, 
I.p pay. ClIIi 216-4S05 (SlIS) 
rr you have an Jutnunent and lOme IChool ,pirit. 
call Stuart It 451 ·531' CO jolft pep baDd 
MIIIid ... 10. practkel jam willi .. rIoua beIlDllnl 
nUllII. Claukallj.u R .... mull .... d 7_1 
(:1113) 
Illvea rido t.EAIt LaIlJiJl&. MI. taklna 11._70-
" . Lea.iq .... "'" 2J.Z1. 151_. Yuki.. (3113) 

lost & found 
FOWId: M.n·. ria, r ... nd 317 ..... Muir playiq 
field , Ideality IG "'"1m - call M ..... 1 151_. 
}' ound: BI .. j.clletoa .... rIli .. met ... -IIUclo'"cvioc 
- claim It TT office. 

_ .... pel1 . ......... ble. ha.J IBM Call 21G.f1""..t 
.J.3! 17) . 

Tulorln.-C.lculu • • AI •• bra . Tri • . llnal 1000m.1. 
Phy.lc i . SUII"I .. Call lah 217 -4151 (S I U / 
PileI' ODe: alao recycl~s new.paper and alwnlftu"; 
caDS. We are located 11 Lower MujrCommOfti W · 
2117 13117) 

YiDIlsburDooIIlp.,.One. Yood .corr ... lnd ~ 
10 IIlk 10. Open 2. hrl. Located lAw .. Mul •• 51·2117 
131In 

HOUSE SITTER: Pomona Col .... Ituclonl w.rItinIJ 
IISIO between M.y IndSePt . IooIlin, for._to 
Cllre ror EJlperi~ w/ lelt.ers or re<.'Ommeocbltion 
II reque~ Pl .... call Tod 7l4-GHII7. (1115) 

Campus-.w!de Rape TaJt Force willl"l'\eet March It 
to plan a camJM..Ll"wide prevention and educat.ion 
p/"OI.am. All 1011..,.10<1 studenll. r&cull, and .... If 
are Invited to a ltend. U lA Chancellor' , Complex 
z·ot pm (31151 

housing 
Own room in Del Mar houle . Nur belCh, bil yard 
Plnnnl roommates . Available now •• 1·1367 
13117) 

2 f·roornmaw needed . p. quarter tor Del Mar 
.... cbhouM. Co,,.i.ol to bUI. IIIopp,,... beach. 101 
wl utJhU ... .a1·NI1 (Sl IS) 
R-.·mall w.olld , male. Sprina Qtr. to ........ new 
2 bdrm. condo. OWli "'" , .,. bath. pool. near 
camPU'. " U.5t mo. ~. (liS) 

Dol Ma. own room hall block to boadI lumilhod 
Loot lei of key in bathroom .1 low •• ~I ofllSS pool. pLano ie .partmeftt. ,,",f •• al1·muak:. E.~ 
buUdio,. CAli LcMIio _11. 1 ~217' (3113) 

Lool8 be.,. .we.a ..... in Stude", Cente • . Phone "I. 
1~IIfI_plo .... . 

Loot March 7th IlIIn ,.Id "" .... bracel'l willi ...... 11 
lnoc:riptlon plate. Rew.rd. Plea. coli m-IID 

Yor mit One becIt-.. in • IPICfouo 3 becIt-.. 
bome ./bac:ky ......... pool . .... bIodI to _ ... Dol 
lilT. A •• U.bIe frvm III. to 1111 111'11 Cout Blvd. 
C.II .. ,Um e .t tll .. 7I. U Ml m •• t b . (1111) 

THE BEST NEWS 
ON THE RADIO 
IS AT 6:45 P.M. 

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE BIBLE LESSONS 

March 13-17 
March 20-24 

TURN TO XEMO 
800 ON 11IE AM DIAL 
6:45 1'0 7:15 P.M. 
MON.-FRI. 

•••••• 

•••••• 

• Matter 
Reality 

I have a right to live my liCe 
without being bothered by men. 

Women be careful on campus. Be 
especially careful at Central. Don't 
go to the restroom alone. Don't 
study alone . If you're bothered call 
the police, t hey have a photo album 
of suspicious men you can look at 
for identification. 
NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 

Sit-In •.. 
(Continued from page 3) 
as reporters from the local 
print media arrived. Layona 
and Gibbs presented two basic 
demands : " An immediate 
meeting with a university 
official who can make a 
decision on the issue and a 
moratorium on the plan to 
franchise . " 

One last vote was taken and 
th~ parents marched out of the 
office on their way to present 

de~and~ to the Chancellor at 
Uruverslty House. There will be 
a Day Care Com mittee meeting 
for parents and Supporters of 
the c urrent operation, held 
Wednesday evening at 7: 30 at 
the Day Care Cente r. 

., 

PRECISION CUTTING 
SKlNCARE 

.lULUET MANICURING 

It c_,a.t. RMb1I s.JM 

USI Hoi.., Ct. 
. ....... .."t-e ....... Ud ....... 

455-06M 
I '" OIscour.T 0,. 3':RVICES 

(, Willi :'Iudenl OH"~ull,)O 
~ ~ -fIh, . Bring III, • .,. c:~ ~ 4. 



Bakke ..• 
(Con&lnued from page I) 

"It's ironic that the pro-
Bakke forces utilized the 
fourteenth amendment (equal 

'-_+-------:-----' protection under the law) in 
their case when that amend-
ment was established to help 
afflicted minorities stung by 
society," said Ro!'enbaum. 

It is important to get 
minorities into medical 
schools, Rosenbaum said, be-
cause black doctors go "back 
into the ghetto and Chicano 
doctors back into the Barrio." 

Associate Dean of the USD 
Law School Elwood Hain said 
that throughout history our 
judiciary has been "Johnny 
come lately " in promoting 
equality . 

Now that Nixon 's "law and 
order" appointees are on the 
court. he said , sentiments 
haven't changed. " The court 
has been upholding segregation 
and reversing desegregation." 

"I 'm pessimistic about the 
Bakke case ," Hain said . 
" Those pushing for equality are 
being pushed by those with the 
large advantage ." 

AROUND THE WORLD 
IN MANY WAYS! 

Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 5000 
charters listed, escorted tours, air /s.ea 
cruises, mini vacations. 
Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

... Client Protection 
United California Traveline, Inc. 

MoneI8" M8rch 13. 1171 

Director's first effort a failure 
Coma ... on the critical list 

by Ted .-urke 
Conlribuling Ediwr 

Michael Crichton, physician and author of 
glorified pulp thrillers (Andromeda Slrain, Five 
Palienls, Dealing), has turned hi hand to 
directing films. Coma. the fruit of his first effort. 
shows him invading a turf where he has no 
business being. 

Not that . the premise wasn't worth 
investigating, though . A resident doctor 
(Geneviveve Bujold) in a Boston hospital 
investigates the unexplained coma a friend of 
hers has fallen into after a routine abortion. In 
her haphazard hide and seek modus operandi. 
she uncovers an inordinate number of 
unexplained coma cases, and as she digs deeper 
("stumbles further" is more like it) , she 
discovers that the hospital brass is involved in a 
government financed blackmarket ring that 
takes the organs from the bodies and sells them 
orr to the highest bidding would be recipient. 

Where Crichton goes awry is his inability to 
decide what he's trying to do. Specifically, he's 
drawn between making Coma into an 
indictment of the Medical Profession as a whole, 
as Paddy Cheyevsk's monumental gasbag 
Hospital, or having Bujold be little more than a 
Gothic heroine who ' s intestinal fortitude 
surmounts the gravest encounters. Coma is still 
born in between those points, and Crichton 
hasn't the resources to make it do both. 

Had he the ruthlessness, Crichton could have 
made Coma into an interesting " inside" view of 
hospital politics. Instead. he passes up every 
opportunity to add a new layer to the sequences, 
or ignores them outright. Not much is made of 
interdepartmental jealousies (as in the head of 

Anestheology refusJOg to show BUJold hIS 
records of the coma cases). the attempts 
to make Bujold look like a paranoid to discredit 
her accusations. or in the day to day drudgery of 
health care that could have supplied a sense that 
most of the film was taking place in a hospital. 
Even the Hitchcockian heart stopper scenes. an 
obligatory must in suspense movies if they 're to 
justify themselves . are botched. such as 
Bujold's taking refuge in a medical school 
cadaver vault from a stalking killer. Rather 
than use the scene to underscore the irony of the 
hiding place , as Hitchcock or even Brian 
DePlama (Sisters, Carrie) might have done. 
Crichton's literal minded camera moves takes 
the scene at face value. 

Throughout. he shuffles impassi\'ley through 
each scene as though he were a dealer at a black 
jack table. The localities. from the hospital. the 
apartments. to the elaborate coma care center 
towards the film 's last third. are reduced to flat 
sketch book depictions. and the characters 
move through them as though added as an 
afterthought. 

Coma, of course, has its moments of thrills . 
but they don't linger. fading like the sudden 
surprise of a friend who's caught you off guard 
with an unexpected ·'hello." The immobile 
presence of Michael Douglas. who treats his role 
as though it were a fraternity skit. and the 
overbearing father image of Richard Widmark 
doesn't do much either in convincing you of 
anything. Crichton should stick to hacking out 
his formula suspense t>t:st sellers. and letting 
craftsmen do the screen conversions . As his own 
man, he only draws further attention to his bone 
bare basics. 
.-~------~--~ .. In the multitude of 

dreams and many words 
there are also divers 
vanities: but fear thou 
God." Ecclesiastes 5: 7. 

Color 
... 

Blind? 
We will pay you for partiCipat-
ing in a psychology experi-
ment on color perception . 

For more info call AI Nagy at 
452-3924 or 452-2999 

Christian Sciertce is based on the 
Bible and Science and Health 
with Key to the Scriptures by 
Mary Baker Eddy. Campus 
Counselors at UCSD are Paul 
and Anne Hofflund. Call 453-5217 
for an appointment or telephone 
visit. 

Attend UC Summer 
Session at Cambridge 

University, Englana '. 

THE .L---·--NG 
AND THE 

, 

I SH··RT OF IT 
Six weeks: June 25 - August 5, 1978 

Next summer you can attend a fully-
accredited UniverSIty of California Summer SessIon 
at an internationally renowned English University . 

Select two 4 -unit courses, taug ht by 
Cambridge dons, from a varied curriculum 
planned to take advantage of the Eng lish location, 
and supplemented with field trips. 

LIve and study at 600-year old Pembroke 
College, the home of many generations of Bntish 
scholars. 

Become totally immersed in British culture 
through mteraction with Cambridge University 
faculty, staff and students; attendance at plays and 
concerts; and VIsits to major historical sites. 

FEE: The mstructional fee is $425. The cost 
of room and board for six weeks at Pembroke 
College WIll approxImate $700. All held tnps, 
social events and recreational activities are mcluded. 

I THE LONG: If you are between I 7 • cmd 32 years old 
and would like to experience Israel for 6 months. a 
semester or yea r. we 've got the programs! Learn 
Hebrew. volunteer in a development town. dig into 
a l<ibbutz . live the land and the people in these 
historic times . Most programs cost little more than 
airfare alone . Room c'lnd board are included . Col-
lege credits are available where applicdble . 

THE SHORT: If you are in high school. college. or 
older you c;houlci spend this summer in Israel. There 
are dozenc; of programs to choose from - many of-
fering college credit!> . Be dn archaeologist . wort.: 
on a kibbutz. lecHn Hebrew. danc(:. tour . d iscover 
yo ur lewish l o otS . All r>rograms o ffer rare 
cnc'li lenge and lIl ·depth Israeli experiences. 

So whether you ' re Illtere!)ted in the lonl or the short 
of it c •• 11 today or write tor the free de'icriptlve 
boolder. 

AmeriCAn Zionist Youth foundAtion 
IsrAel ProlrAm Center 5 I 5 Park Avenue . 
New Yorl< . N.Y I OOll (2 I 2) 751 -6070 

( lIy 1 ,1' 

54 

MAIL TO: Summer Sessions Office. 148K Administra tion 
Idg , University of California, irvine, Ca . 9271 7 -I 

nQ. Plecue Nnd me material. on tbe UCI Summer S ... ion at I Cambridge UnlyersUy. 
Street Address _____________ _ 

City ___ -'-____ _ Sta te __ _ ZIP __ 
_ I ISRAEL 


