
Volume 33, Number 19 UC San Diego Wedn •• d.y, Febru.ry 22, 1978 

UCLA wo man new student Regent Papers reveal 
Renee Turkell's goal is to reduce student fees CIA ties to UC 
bu Laura A. Richler 

News Edi&or 
Re.nee Turkell , who will 

become the new Student 
Regent on July 1, was fonnally 
introduced to the UC Board of 
Regents at their Friday 
meeting at the Lost Angeles 
Convention Center. 

Turkell , who is currently a 
senior English major at UCLA, 
will succeed Michael Salerno, 
who attends UC Davis law 
school. The 21 -year-old was 
chosen by the Regents from 
three finalists named by the 
Student Body President's 
Council. 

Following her introduction to 
the board, Turkell held a press 
conference during which she 
outlined her goals for her term, 
which included an effort to 
reduce reg fees . 

Of additional concern to 
Turkell was the new emphasis 
on standardized test scores in 
the admmission of freshmen. 
She feels the university should 
rely more heavily on " subjec-
tive" standards, such as 
personal recommendations 
and community activities. 

During the Regents' half hour 
open session, Regent DeWitt 
Higgs expressed concern over 
the showing of the movie •• Deep 
Throat" by the Rugby Club on 
th UCSD campus. Higgs said 
that he- had received a phone -
call from a San Diego woman 
who complained that "It's no 
place for a showing of that type 
of film ." 

Hius told the board that he 
agreed with the caller and has 
since made inquiries as to what 
action the Regents can take 
under existing law. It was 
agreed that the advice of a 
general counsel should be 
sought to detennine what could 
be done to limit or prohibit 
such showings. "I want the 
public to put the blame where 
the blame belongs," said 
Higgs, "not on the Regents." 

In a Triton 'Times interview, 
Hius said he had not seen the 

film himself, but that he had 
made " personal inquiries of 
those that have seen it, and I 
have been advised without 
exception that it is just filthy ." 

Higgs said that he will devise 
a plan of action when he learns 
the legal limitations of the 

board, and he felt that " It 's a 
delicate problem of censorship 
and the right of free speech." 

Said Higgs , " There is and 
should be a difference between 
the standards of the community 
and the ,academic commun-
ity. " -

Chavez lectures UC 

It is time for UC to couple 
advances in agricultural 
technology with programs to 
help farm workers who are 
being displaced by the re-
search , farm labor leader 
Cesar Chavez told a UC 
Regents hearing on farm 
mechanization last week. 

While the university has done 
a " very, very good half of a 
job," in producing break-
throughs in agricultural 
technology, Chavez said, "The 
other half of the job is to 
develop programs for the 
workers being displaced. 

"Research should benefit 
everyone, workers as well as 
employers," Chavez said in the 
crowded bearing room in Los 
Angeles Thursday. 

Objec&ive assessment 
Chavez was joined by social 

activist Tom Hayden, founder 
of the Campaign for Economic 
Democracy, who said UC 
agricultural research is so tied 
with California's large agribus-
inesses that it cannot objec-
tively assess the impact of the 
research. 

For that reason, Chavez and 
Hayden called on Gov. Brown 
to appoint a high-level commit-
tee to determine how many 
farm workers have lost their 
jobs because of machinery 
developed by UC scientists. 

(On Friday, UC President 
David Saxon said he would 
probably support Chavez ' s 
proposal, as long as he was 

(Please tum &0 page 10: 

Bakke hinges on' social issue_ 
by Reed Alpert 

Associa&e News Edl&or 
In the spring of this year the Supreme Court 

will hand down its decision in the case of The 
Regents of the University of California vs. 
Allan Bakke. 

Bakke was denied admissipns to the UC 
Davis Medical School in 1973 and 1974 and 
subsequently filed a "reversediscriminatioo" 
case against the Regents charging he had been 
discriminated against because of his race, 
white . Bakke contended that the Davis 
affirmative action program was unconstitu-
tional because it set aside a certain number of 
spaces for minority students. 

Tbil i. &be lint In a series of three examining 
the Bakke cue. Pan II will examiDe &be effect 
of &he cue on UCSD aad Pan III will look at die 
effect on the UCSD Medleal School. 

The Triton Times recently talked to Dr. 
Martin Shapiro, UC Berkeley law school 
professor, about the case. 

"As far as I can tell the Supreme Court 
doesn't see the legal issue as complex," said 
Shapiro, formerly of the UCSD political 
science dept. "The real issues are not the legal 
ones. The basic issue centers upon the question 
or whether black underrepresentation is so 
severe and un resolvable in any other way that 
it justifies discrimination on the basis of race." 

"Color-blind" 
According to Shapiro, the court can take the 

point that the constitution is color-blind or it 
can take the view that color can be taken into 
account in some situations. The court has 
never taken the side that color doesn't matter 
in the past twenty years, said Shapiro. 

Shapiro pointed out that many of the lawyers 
involved in the case feel that " any kind of 
racial discrimination is very dangerous to 

Bakke's position was upheld by the incorporate into constitutional law. On the 
CaUfornia Supreme Court In September 1976. other hand they are very worried about not 
The Regents appealed the case to the US providing educational opportunities for 
Supreme Court. minorities ." (Please tum to page 1%) 

University vice-president 
had duty with agency 

The Central Intelligence Agency has had a long history of 
contacts with UC, according to agency documents released under 
the Freedom of Information Act, the Los Angeles Times reported 
Sunday. 

The documents , which consist of 800 pages covering activities 
from the late 1950s to 1977, revealed a wide range of activities 
between UC statewide administration, several UC campuses and 
the CIA. 

The UC-CIA ties included: a UC vice-president's tour of duty 
with the CIA; a series of agency-sponsored seminars for select 
professors; and the providing of agency materials on China and 
the Soviet Union to CIA-approved faculty members. 

Recruitment problems 
Also included among the documents is a recounting of the 

mounting problems the CIA had , beginning in 1970 , with 
recruitment on the UC campuses. 

The Freedom of Information Act request was originally filed in 
May, 1976 by UCLA graduate student Nathan Gardels. Since the 
CIA only released a portion of the filed requested, Gardels told the 
Triton Times a lawsuit is being filed in Washington today to force 
the CIA to release the rest of the documents . 

Gardels said yesterday CIA officials refused to release 13 to 15 
documents dealing with agency relations with UC over the past 
three years . This shows the agency is still " operating 
clandestinely on UC campuses right now," Gardels said. 

Gardels also said he has sent a letter to UC President David 
Saxon, Board of Regents chairman W illiam Co~lentz and regental 
Academic Senate representative John Galbraith, calling on them 
to make a public investigation of current CIA ties with the 
university. 

Names blanked out 
While the names were blanked out of the CIA documents 

released to Gardels, the Los Angeles Times sai'd its investigation 
showed it was former UC Administrative Vice-president Earl 
Clinton Bolton who served two weeks active duty with the agency 
during the summer of 1968 . 

Bolton's service with the CIA was confirmed by Vice Admiral 
Rufus B. Taylor, a former deputy agency director, who said Bolton 
was " brought in because of his expertise in administrative 
matters involving the knowledge of student affairs." 

Bolton, who served two weeks in 1968 at the CIA base in 
Washington, began his university connections with the agency 
With a letter to Taylor indicating he was available for an 
assignment. 

Taylor replied that the areas which CIA officials "want you to 
work upon would be the following: student unrest, contracts for 
research and development, contracts for substantive research in 
universities , collection of overt information , supplying 
. substantive material to scholars, revolutionary strategy, contacts 
with foreign scholars, academic cover and related matters." 

A memo written by a CIA official at the end of Bolton's tour with 
the agency said Bolton met with 14 high-ranking CIA officials to 
discuss student unrest, wrote a critique of an agency paper on 
international student unrest and met with CIA recru'ting and 
contract officials. 

At the end of his tour, Bolton wrote a seven-page, single-spaced 
memo on " Agency-Academic Relations" telling how the agency 
could work out cover for its on-campus activities and improve i~ 
image with students. 

(Please turn to page 11) 

---~ ........ 



.... ·1 . 
Letter to the editor 
'F ' ee Triton' eviction: 
a ~onservative victory 
~Wr. • 

It leelllt Iille an appropriate time to examine the implicatioaa of RUdent 
loverumenta' decIIion to evict the Free TrU •• from ill office aDd to deny 
them uu 01 campul publilhlnl equipment. What DO the IW'face milbt 
aeem to be a victory for Iiberaliam over coJllervatWn. iI Juat the oppoalte. 

w ..... ...,.'......., 22, 1m 
'l11li nn.a WII ert ..... , lelle ...... Ie lie ra - rrWa7. , •. 11. 

To malle my point. I ref.r you to tbe Feb. 7-21 iaauHf the New 11IIIie ...... 
one of the "liberal" newspapers whicb i.lUblicliJed by UCSD. The baDDer 
article iI a deaUDCiatioa 01 the reaearch and deveJopmeat 01 qricultural 
tedUIolOlY at UC. AcconIiDI to tbe New bdlea ..... mecbanilation will 
cau.e the ION of tbouaandl of Jobl. tbe elimination of .mall farmers. and 
the ,rowth of a,ribuslness monopolie •. It would .eem tbat tbe 
distin,uisbed economists at the lalliealor have foriotten that the 
development of technololY and ita application to production is what has 
made modem man more affiuent and secure than people before the 
industrial revolution. By advocating a stop to this development and a 
return to more primitive methods of production. the New IndlcalOr ca.l 
hardly be called "liberal." 

Short letters making their points 
Cartoon represents controversy well 
Editor: 

By claiming tbat costs go up due to mecbanization. the brain trust at the 
ladiea&or denies the reality of economics. By reducing unit costs of 
production throulh the employment of machinery. farmers are able to sell 
for less while making as much or more profit than before. The eminent 
sociolo,ists at the New Indiealor lament the fact that the consumers are 
more interested in buyin, cheaper food than preservin, a number of 

. inefficient manual laborers. They suuest that your taxes should no longer 
be used in effoN to reduce the cost of livln, if these efforts should upset the 
status quo. a view which can hardly be called "pro,resslve." 

Please compliment Triton 
Times' editorial cartoonist Jody 
Eurman for her cartoon in the 
Friday February 3. 1978 issue on pg. 
3. It presented the essence of the 
UCSD mandatory abortion pay-
menta controversy perhaps better 
than most of the previous verbiage 
all combined to,ether ~no insult to 
the authors intended! ). It was well 
drawn too. 

narrow black lines - and how just a 
fraction of a millimeter change In 
one of those narrow black lines can 
chan,e the expressions (e.g. the 
angry versus the dismayed mouths 
of tbe two Statue of Liberty 
Goddesses in the cartoon) and thus 
the mea 

I won 't hazard to lUess "whose 
side" of the controversy Jody 
Eurman may personally favor - if 
any - but her effoN to define the 
issue were ,ood and appreciated. 

ALBIN RHOMBERG 
(Edilor'. note: Tbe eartooa Is 

reprlDled below.) 

Navy ads 
offensive On the other hand. the Free TrI&OII haa consistently advocated the unhampered development of new and more efficient production methods. 

The Free Tri&Oll haa taken the approach that progress should continue 
unimpeded as long as people ~and that includes buSiness) do not resort to 
force or fraud. Tom Tanana has always favored the soveriegnty of the 
consumers in an unhampered market economy as opposed to the arbitrary 
bureaucrac;y of socialism advocated by the New ladlcalor. 

It always amazes me how much 
expression and meaning a ,ood 
cartoonist can put into ~or 
"efficient encode" into) just a few Editor: I am one person who did not like 

to see the Triton Times promote the 
activities of the CIA (one of the 
lessons of the '60's is that the press 
is Rever neutral despite contrary 
editorial claims) . But the CIA is 
recruitin, economic analysts and 
such . not assassins who will 
actually aim theaun. The two Navy 
ads are more direct. The Navy does 
want people (but not women and 
minorities) to train as long-
distance assassins. It wanll people 
to sit in nuclear submarines and 
keep them aimed anli cocked. I find 
that offensive. 

This one example. and there are ma·ny more. shows the inconeruity of 
calling the Free Trllon "conservative" and the New ladlcalOr and other 
radical newspapers "liberal. " While Tanana believes in a free and 
changing society based on civil and economic liberties. the New Ind~awr 
believes in "social responsibilities" enforced by government coercIOn. It 
would seem to me that if the government can assign "responsibilities" to 
its citizens by force. then you would have a system similar to those of 
Eastern Europe. 

From where 
is Ted Burke? 
Ted Burke . writer of "Old 
Rockers" : 

By favoring groups such as the New Indlcawr. who idealize the state and 
its "~ocia l responsibilities" while excluding the Free Triton, which 
advocates a maximum of civil and economic freedom. the AS must realize 
tbat it supports a group that can only be called "reactionary ." 

Tbat " review" was more a 
reflection of where you're coming 
from than where the Bloomfield 
,roup is at. 

TROY CARTER 

When will you be more intereated 
in reviewing a concert than 
impressing us with your "sophis-
ticated. stylistic journalism?" JOHN W. SENNER JIM SPIRA 

The "brown tide" 
America's mush'rooming culture of poverty 

San Antonio. Tel(as -
by Moi~ Sandoval 

Pacific News Servic_e 

The Hispanic "brown tide" that continues to flood the American borders is on 
the verge of making this country's Latin minority the nation 's largest. surpassing 
even the black population. 

The result. already discernable, will be a mushrooming subculture of poverty. 
spread through the United States like a great tree with itS trunk in Texas and its 
branches reaching into every city of the West. Midwest and East. 

For the one common denominator o( the thousands of illegal immigrants who 
enter the U.S. daily. is poverty. And as the numbers continue to swell . so does the 
gap between rich and poor in America. leaving in the wake a rapidly growing 
Third World nation within the U.S. 

The growth rate of the Hispanic minority has always been fairly .taBering. 
The 75.000 Hispanics who were granted citizenshg, with the annexatio.D of the 

-Southwest in 1845-46 multiplied 40 times to three million by 1!Wi, whiletbe nation's 
total population multiplied only six times to ISO million. 

By 1963 the Hispanic poptllation had topped eight million aod today, a mere 15 
years later. Hispanos are said to have doubled again. to an estimated 16 million, 
according to the U.S. Catholic Bishops Committee (or the Spanish-speaking. 
Moises Sandoval, on leave as editor of Maryknoll Mapzine Co study LatinizauOD 
in the U.S. on an Alicia Patterson Foundation fellowship, g a member of PNS' 
task force on cities. . 

In the same 15 years. Mexico's population jumped from 38 million to an 
estimated 62 million today. Present indications based on the 3.5 percent birth rate 
in Mexico suggest that country ' s population will double again to 120 million by the 
year 2000. sending ever greater waves o( Immigrants into the US.S. 

In 1975 Fernando C. de Baca. then President Ford's special assistant for 
Hispanic affairs. observed that the Spanish-speaking were well on their way to 
replacing blacks. who number 22.6 millipn . as the nation 's largest minority. 

The implications of such growth go far beyond mere numbers. For unlike 
earlier waves of European imrru,rants, the Hispanic " tide" has not been 
absorbed into the dominant Anglo culture. In large measure. it remains a culture 
apart. a proud if poor Latin culture weighing heavily on the.bottom frillies of 
American society. 

As Professor Sabine Ulibarri of the University of New Mexico wrote several 
yeHs ago. " In the international politics of today. it behooves the U.S. to think 
ab(lut Mexico. If Mexico goes to hell. it will inevitably drag down the U.S. witb 1t. " 

p n)erica's Hispanic population already exerts enormous influel1ce throughout 
the- U.S. Contrary to popular conceptions. the vast majority of Hispanics who are· 
drf wn to the U.S. by agricultural jobs do not remain long in the fields . Officials of 
·th~ Colorado State Employment Service say it takes only three years for an 
unclocumented agricultural worker to make the rural-to-urban transition . 

7he Justice lJepartnlent's Community Relations Service reports that Chicanos 
oUlnpmber Indians in Utah. that Cubans can be found in great numbers in 
El.zibeth. N.J .. and that requests for assistance are received from Hispanics 
freni such unlikely places as Burley, Idaho; Lancaster. Pa.; and Omaha. Neb. 
W"shington state has an estimated 80.000 Spanish-speaking people. 

wlat draws them. of course. is the enonnous gap they perceive between the 
sodfty they nee and the one they expect to find . A sisal plantation worker in 
Yucatan makes $15-S20 a week, while almost any worker in the U.S. can make that 
in a day. 

Once here. they find themselves relegated through a combination of poverty 
and racism to the outer (ringes of the social-economic scale. tipping it ever more 
radically out of balance by their sheer numbers. 

According to the Department of Agriculture, the typical migrant worker earns 
$3.324 a year. his life expectancy is 49 years and his children are more than twice 

as likely to die at birth as those of the general population. His family's chauces of 
catcbiH influenza. ~umonia. tuberculosis or other infectious diseases are 
three times the national avera,e. 

Of the total Hispanic population in the U.S .• one of every-four families has an 
income below the federal poverty level of $5,450. One of every five Hispanic 
children fails to complete five years of education. and nearly 40 percent never 
graduate from high school. 

The unemployment rate for persons of Spanish origin is roughly twice that of 
the total U.S. population. and three or four times greater in some areas. In a study 
of the 106 largest corporations in the Chicago area. Ptofessor Russell Barta of 
Mundelein College found Hispanics and blacks' 'virtually absent from the upper 
echelons of management. " 

Though some gains have been made in recent years. the profile remains much 
as Bisbop Patrick Flores describes it for Mexican-Americans. whom he divides 
into three classes. 

The tim, comprisinlJewer than five percent, has succeeded in education and 
business and jOined the American middle class. havi~ severed their ties with 
their..-n people . 

The second clasa. comprislDg some ten percent, include those who fought in 
V ietnam (where Hispanos were the most decorated ethnic group) . returned home 
with a renewed cultural pride. continued their education and remained in the 
barrios where they work to improve soci.l. educational and economic structures. 

But the third class consists of 85 percent of the people. those who were the 
peones of Mexico and who, though some have been in the U.S. for generations. 
have seen little or no change in their lives . 

"For years and ill every area ," say. Bisbop Flores. "they have toiled under 
conditions and haDdicaps unknown to others who have been more fortunate. Not 
only are they not catching uP. but every day they are (ailing further behind. " 

The worst 0(( of this class are the Puerto Ricans. whose median income per 
family is-8ctually falling in relation to lbe general population. According to the 
Civil Rights Commission. Puerto Rican family earnings fell from 71 percent ofthe 
Gational average in 1959 to 59 percent III 1974. 

The Puerto Ricans' median family iDC.'OlJle remains several thousand dollars a 
year less than the Mexican-American, and almost $6.000 a year less than the 
teneral population. About one i~ three Puerto Ricans live below the federal 
lM>verty Wvel. 

------------------------------The u~yiD' map shows lhe paltern oIl111Janic migration in the United States. 
Apart from the poverty they hring with them, the illegal immigrants are prone 

to tbe creation of poverty here by their willil\lDeas to accept any job at almost any 
~y. And. as more and more immigrants arrive in the cities. more and more 
urban jobs disappear to the suburbs. New York. for instance. has lost 542. 000 jobs 
"nce 1970. 

The resulting competition for jobs is fierce. Hispanic construction workers in 
the Denver area say they are losing jobs to undocumented immigrants who 
accept '2 .50 an hour for jobs that pay up to $9 an hour on the union scale. Some 
workers choose to go on welfare rather than accept such low pay. 

Consequently. the Hispanic is blamed for a host of America's economic and 
social problems. despite documented evidence showing he actually contributes 
more to the system than he takes from it. 

And in fact . to a limited extent tht! "Latinization" of American culture has 
already begun . We see it particularly in the Southwest. but everywhere there are 
little signs - in music. in food . in religion. For Hispanics do not fear closer 
harmony between cultures. so long as it is achieved through mutual reepect for 
the history. traditions. rights and contributions of each ,roup. 

The Hispanic who has rediscovered his identity and hiltOry and culture kDow. 
that. once over the hurdle of poverty. his people have sornethlnl of ,reat value to 
contribute to America. 

Wecln .. ...,. FebrUaIY 22. 187 • triton times 

Jerry B. vs. Jimmy C.: 
the battle for California 

by Mary Ellen Leary 
Pacific News Service 

Sacramento. Calif. -
The next month should prove 

critical in determining whether 
the year-old political chill 
between Jimmy Carter and 
Jerry Brown will be thawed or a 
deeper freeze will set in. 

At issue is how much bureau-
cratic and political patronage 
- including spots in the 
national Democratic organiza-
tion - Carter politics will 
bestow on California's party 
faithful. 

Although relations between 
Sacramento and Washington 
appear to have improv,:d 
slightly. many pa rty workers In 
the state feel they have been 
shut out by the Carter troops -
a result of the muted hostility 
that emerged after Brown's 
brief presidential challenge 
and his subsequent failure to 
deliver the state to Carter in 
1976. 

Mary Ellen Leary, aulhor of the 
just -published Phantom 
Politics (Public AUairs Press) 
on the 1974 California gover-
nor's race, specializes in West 
Coast reporting for the 
Economist and is a frequent 
eonlributor to the Nation and 
PNS. 

Since the election. some state 
Democratic leaders believe 
California has been virtually 
written 0(( by· the Carter forces 
as far as involvement in 
national party direction is 
concerned. 

One test of how serious the 
tension is will come later in the 
year as both state and national 
leaders scour the state for 
financial contributions. Not 
only must Brown repay a 
S120.000 debt left from his 
presidential bid. he must also 
raise money for a new guberna-
torial campaign. And he must 
compete with fundraisers 
working on national congress-
ional campaigns. 

Squabbles over money -
raising are common among 
state and national party 
leaders. in both parties. But in 
California Democratic circles 
they reached open publi c 
conflict last October when the . 
national party staged a fund-
raiser in Los Angeles starring 
President Carter on a date that 

recent tenns. He lost out in a 
bid to become national party 
chairman. but seems slated for 
the finance post. Commented 
one California pundit. "The 
locals will flip all the way out 
this time if Carter passes over 
Manatt for finance chairman." 

The restructuring of national 
party leadership - and a new 
attitude in the White House that 
somewhat mollifies irritated 
Californians - comes just as 
alarm was spilling into the 
media from several California 
sectors that the Brown-Carter 
rivalry might be hurting the 
state in tangible ways . 

For example: 
- Responding to local char· 

ges that the state has been 
short· changed. Rep . Philip 
Burton. (D-CA). has asked the 
National Democratic Commit· 
tee for a summary of all White 
House appointmellts and an 
analysis of California ' s ratio on 
that list. 

- Mayor Lionel Wilson of 
Oakland exploded two weeks 
ago in a charge that " bad 
blood " between Brown and 
Carter tras probably cost 
Oakland a $17.5 million federal 
grant for Youth Incentive 
projects that went instead to 
cities outside the state . Los 
Angeles also mis se d an 
expected award in this fund. 

- Mayor Janet Gray Hayes of 
San Jose expressed alarm that 
western cities are getting less 
federal help than eastern and 
midwestern cities. Her concern 
relates to the "tilt" favoring 
"frostbelt" cities over " sun-
belt" cities in the formula for 
distributing federal aid to 
urban areas. Such regional 
protests broke out acrim~n­
iously in the recent WhIte 
House Conference on ~alanced 

National Growth and Economic 
Development, where com-
plaints about regional fay~ri­
tism in current federal poliCIes 
- or inconsistent and " obsti-
nate" patterns of funding -
surfaced angrily. 

Already per capita gains in 
federal grants over the past 
year have been notable in the 
Atlantic seaboard and Great 
Lakes states. while the 
" sunbelt" states got a declining 
share of federal benefits. 

Brown 's administration does 
not echo this complaint. 
Despite cut-off of certain dams 
and water projects. a loss of 
funds to state mental hospitals 
bec a use they fell below 
standard. and other differences 
about federal subsidies. his 
finance department and other 
agency heads insist that "We 
have fine working relationships 
with Washington and absolute-
ly no penaltie s over the 
personal political situation." 

California' s U.S. Sen. Alan 
Cranston scoffs at the idea that 
any "coldness" exists between 
Carter and Brown . And he 
denies any suggestion Cali-
fornia has been hurt by the 
Carter administration. 

" I've had great success with 
the administration on behalf of 
this state and there is a long list 
of bills in the state's interest 
which passed by White House 
help." Cranston says. 

Bert Coffey. state party 
chairman is also sanguine . 
Low-key now and hopeful of 
hannony with Washington. his 
mood is in sharp contrast to the 
vehement outburst last October 
over the failure tn consult with 
state party officials. " There is 
a new rapprochement." he 
said. "They take us seriously 
now. I think we won that fight. " 

XEROX COPIES 
MIRAMAR COpy SHOP 

NO MINIMUM 
· ................ . 
, . 

: Student rates : 
: 3¢/ copy : 
· .. 
......•...•.••... 

CORNER OF 
BLACK MTN. & 
MIRAMAR RD. 

OPEN SIX DAYS 

9500 MIRAMAR ROAD 

M·F 8;30·5;30 
SAT 11;00·1;00 

Phone 

578-2320 

scuttled earlier plans for a state r--------------------------, 
fund-raising dinner. 

Heightening tension over the 
money question is the report 
that Charles Manatt. a res-
pected Los Angeles lawyer. 
may become national party 
finance chairman . Manatt 
headed the California Demo-
cratic organization for two 

MRejoice greatly, 0 daughler of 
Zion ; shout, 0 daughter of 
Jerusalem; behold . thy King 
cometh unto thee; he is just, and 
having salvation .. . " Zechariah 
9:9 

Christian Science is based on the a... and Sden~e .nd Hnhh "hh 
Key 10 lile Scriptures. by Mary Baker 
Eddy. Campus Counseloru! UCSD: 
Paul and Anne Hofflund. 453-5217. 

· 'There IS .. d'((erenc-e!!! 
PREPARE FOR: 

WJS[M·WJ· l l~ht 
GMAT· GRE 

OCAT • VAT • SAT 
VOE • ECFMG • FLEX 

NAT'L' MEDICAL BOARDS 
IAn DENTAL BOARDS 

NURSING BOARDS 
Flexible Programs And Hours 

2110 •• r ••• 

270-1111 
OutSide NY State Onlv 
CALL TOLL FREE 
800·221·9840 

~-H 
MPIAN 
EOUCA TlONAl CENTER 

T( ~, PAr P.IHI "ON 
"PI r ial''''''' \IN( I ""h 

P .. 3 

latest .fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fed mart 
store 
eyes examined 
prescriptIons filled 
contact lenses fitted 
repairs 

hours mon - :" 10:!O - 8 00 
~I 10~ ClOsed sundays 

ports arena blvd. 
lacross "om the spor1sl(tnll 

224-2973 224-2974 

If you want to get 'into nuclear engineering, start by get-
ting into the Nuclear Navy. . 

The Navy operates more than half the reactors. m 
America. Our nuclear training is the most comprehens!ve. 
You start by earning your commission as a Navy ~cer. 
Then we give you a year of advanced nuclear ~. 
During your career. yo~l1 get practical. hands~n expen-
ence with our nuclear powered fleet. 

If that sounds like the kirad of responsibility you're 
looking for. speak to: 

JUNIORS/SENIORS 
The Navy will pay $640/month for up to 13 
months of your senior year If you can qualify for 
this outstanding program. L T John Chalker will 
be Interviewing for this outstanding program 
Feb. 22·23 on the UCSD campus. Contact your 
placement office for an appOintment or call 293· 
6444 for more Information. 

Don't buy anything 
in 14K Gold 

till ou've seen 
THE OUTDOOR JEWELRY STORE 

1261 PROSPECT ST, 
LA JOLLA 

(next to Alfonso's) 
11 AM til Fogged Out - 459-4788 

Come and see 
Our new selection of 
Stick Pins In 14K Gold 

and Sterling 
Large selec_tlon 

of charm holders 



blbM lil_ w ....... .,. ,......., 12, 111. 

1M commentary; Ste,. Gould 
New twist on refflng seen 

,
JRANI..AIASICA EXPEDITIONS 
Yukon RIver canoe SafarIs 

awnmel' 01 '7' 
Small paIIIIII .. 1Ie po e ' __ ~_ ... """"'_tom 

.. __ In ... VI*an T..taI\I,aao_on ... .".."'W·looa.ononv 

..... 1IIe 1CIDndIIe._......,_ ..... "'AIaIIoo 10 ... 1e*Ig ..... 1IIe _ ~ ~~ _ ... _ C_,wII_1WO 
___ 110", 1. A __ "'~~1& 
~ lie CMIISaIIII. NA _.,_. _10 ..... IIe........, II¥ 
T .... ": ' : ~ __ .... cIcII*'II ancI-"GI ...... '"" 
__ " ___ ancIo~"wII 

"""""-__ ONI ~ _ pcIIIIcIponI_ 0 ~ 
gI<IIINc _ "' .. unIQue_, 1'IMR.......w .....,_. 

~wlllIe_2Idanc:l_"".Weacllpalrwll~_ 
own c...- ONIMf up ancI __ own ..... III each c ......... INI II 
NOT o .... ....,CNiIeW_an_IIIoI ... __ _ 
in ..- eonlOCf _ "'"' ..... _In Nom! _0. floNng"'lIe 

~.anc:I-.ndOnI_ ... 1Ie _ .inciUdng moooe.Deor._ , 
ecJIIIaeorl>ou anc:I _ ~ 

_lOt """"'" woIelling Is., pout ... _101 <iCing,""'" __ !he 
..... opirII 01 ocMnIUM.ooe _10 corne noIII\ WIllI uain • 11 '~IH TO 
THE FUTUIIE" 

FUIIIIet InIOfmoIIon ~on be obtolned II¥ W!111nQ 
TRAM AlASKA IXPlDInONS, 
P.O. lox 155. 
RcIIlCho Santa .. CA 92067, 
or phone: 
(714) 431· 0551. 
Meetings will be arranged in your area for thase 
sincerely interested. 

Mary is a loan interviewer at your 
University and State Employees Credit Union. 
Daily she comes face to face with people 
that share the same kinds of money needs 
you have. And daily she sees those problems 
solved quickly and conveniently. Mary likes 
her job, because Mary likes to make UCSD 
folks happy, 

If you or your spouse is employed 
through UCSD, then you're eligible to take 
advantage of U.S.E. Credit Union's low cost 

Intramural basketball at 
UCSD this quarter Merna to 
bave put a new twist into the 
sport. 

As far back a. anyone can 
remember, even to tile days 
wben Dr. Jame. Nai.mitb 
created buketball, tile object 
of the ,ame baa been for ODe 
team to acore more poiDu than 
the ()I)I)CISiq team, llence one 
team-.iDa. ilowever, if you had 
never seen a basketball lame 
and were witness to the men's 
AA contest last Thursday niJht 
between the top ranked 
Sereaminl Eagles and Yellow 
Rags, you would have left the 
Rec Gym thinking the object 
was to beat the referees. 

Reterees defiDed 
According to Webster's 

Sports Dictionary, a referee is 
defined as "a designated 
individual who umpires or 
mediates a particular sporting 
event." Nowhere in that 
defimtion does it say a referee 
controls the game as he sees fit 
nor does it connote the referee 
can win the game. Webster's 
also states "When two teams 
engage in a sporting event, only 
ope of the two participating 
teams can win ." . 

The two students who 

loan program. 

officiated tbe Eagles·Ra,s 
,ame, Chris MorrilOn and Mike 
Brown, mUit not have read 
Webster's Sports Dictionary. 
They obviously t!u»u,bt the 
wbite and black striped shirts 
they were weariDI during the 
,ame put them on a aeparate 
team and they bad a stake in the 
outcome. 

Blatant foull went unnoticed. 
ticky-tack fouls were called. 
Members of both the Ea,les 
and Ra,s were incensed at the 
officiatina or lack thereof. With 
just under one minute left, 
lIrown and Morrison blew their 
whistles and saki the ,arne was 
over because they could not 
take the criticism they had 
received during the thirty-nine 
plus minutes played. 

Gripes and .... pes 
Students who work with the 

head of 1M basketball Lee 
Johnson might think the 
complaints of the losing Rags 
(Screaming Eagles won 48-25) 
was merely sour grapes since 
the writer of this column is the 
captain of the Yellow Rags 
team. Those with that opinion 
couldn't be more wrong. 

The outcome of the game was 
never in doubt. The Screaming 
Eagles were the better team on 
the court. They are a group of 
guys who really play the game 

We lend money for nearly everything, 
and at among the lowest loan rates 
anywhere, People like Mary make your U.S .E, 
Credit Union stand alone in the finanCial 
field. And that means you can stand a loan 
from your Credit. Unionl 
P.S . Ask about payroll deduction , It will help 
ypu set aside money from your paycheck to 
payoff the loan automatically! 

[J[]~[§ Q)NCUA 
U.iYtnfty & S!tdt ~ytts 

Credit U.I .. 
. 'Where you can belong for a lifetime" 

453-5620' 
Call on your U.S.E. Credit Union Today 

Of basketball well. They 
probably will win the men's AA 
titie with no effort at all, save 
from the Ma. 

In a word, the officiatinl was 
terrible. 

a. .......... n&ood 
At the team captain's 

meeting back in early January, 
Johnaon explained to thole in 
.ttendance the referees for the 
moet part would be novices and 
bad calli can be expected (and 
should learn to be tolerated). 
Well Lee, the bad calli have 
been tolerated and tolerated 
and tolerated. 

It is understood moat of these 
referees have never officiated a 
game in their lives prior to this 
quarter. It is alao understood 
they are, just as 8000 plUl others 
are at UCSD, underaoing a 
learning experience. It is not 
understood how Brown and 
Morrison who both playa good 
game of basketball themselves, 
could have been so blind and 
unfamiliar with the rules. 

These twO individuals are 
paid for their "efforts" as are 
all other referees. Some fonn of 
review of their work should be 
conducted so poor officiating 
can be corrected. 1M officials 
might consider checking up on 
referees during games and 
evaluate their job done on a 
point scale, 

Apparently, UCSD intra -
mural basketball is no exc p-
lion 10 this anecdote : Two 
basketball players were 
discussing various aspects of 
the game. One said to the other, 
"who's got the best sex life in 

basketball? " The second 
replied, " The referees. They 
screw the players every night." 

••••• 
NO RATINGS - Because of the 
three day holiday, no 1M games 
were contested Saturday, 
Sunday or Monday, Regularly 
scheduled games continue this 
week and games played last 
Tuesday through Friday will be 
included in next week's 
rankings. 

Other 1M news 
In an effort to offer students a 

greater variety of intramural 
sports, a group of UCSD bio 
majors have started an 1M 
darts league, with all meets 
held at Ten Downing Street in 
Solana Beach. Each Tuesday 
night at 10 pm, a number of 
darts games are played , 
including the popular 301. 

Newcomers are welcomed to 
compete but they must meet 
the following requirements: be 
at least 21 years old and be able 
to consume beer while playing, 
In last week's game, Sal (who 
drove to the hockey game, 
thanks Sal) of the Punts 1M flag 
football team won two games 
while Lindy of the Hotshoes 
coed basketball team won once. 

Judo third 
in tourney 

Ron Schaefer took first place 
in the 172 pound weight class to 
lead UCSD to a third place 
finish in the All -Cal judo 
tournament held February 11 
at UCLA. The five man Triton 
team totaled 29 poinu in tbe 
meet won by UC Irvine with 51 
points. 

Alden Numa wa. second at 
209 pounds for UCSD while 
Arther Cruz was allO aecoad at 
143 pounds, Marc Bnatten tbird 
at 189 pounda and Scott Wu 
fourth at 1M pounda. 

UC Berkeley finished aeconcI 
in the team champlon.hip 
comOP,titlon with 42 poinu and 
UC Santa Barbara fourth with 
10 points . 

w ...... ,. ,....., 22. 1171 

'SunshIne' 
humor 
caustic 

by Jill Louile Bazeley 
Ar&l Writer 

--------

Album reviews ... 
(Continul'd from page 8) 
You Can't Go Home Alain - Chet Baker (Horizon/A&M) 

My level of Neil Simon 
tolerance I. low. I think scene. 
from bis play. are fine material 
for actina claaes, but after 
about fifteen minutes of that 
kind of snipin, comedy I begin 
shiftin, In my seat and 
groaninl. "The Sunshine 
BoYS" is an especial bane to me 
because It is particularly 
caustic - in my opinion the 
most unpleasant of all Simon's 
plays, 

Trumpet player Baker has a cool, lyrical, muted style not 
unsimilarto that of Miles Davis from his Kind of Blue andSketcbes 
of Spain period, and on You Can't Go Home Alain , applies himself 
more tactfully and imaginatively than a dozen other flashier 
players could, Freddie Hubbard (Liquid Love style) included. The 
music is generally lyrical and moody with heavy orchestration by 
Don Sebesky (whose career as CTI house arranger has converted 
many a talent into a white faced, mass market commodity) , but 
Baker's pensive, searching emotionalism transcends the limits, 
as well as the efforts of a superb group of sidemen, including 
drummer Tony Williams, saxist Michael Brecker, bassist Ron 
Carter, guitarist John Scofield, along with other famous names 
like Hubert Laws, Paul Desmond, and Alphonso Johnson, The 

- \ group playing is infectuous and allows for a number of sparkling 
moments, particularly in the solos of Scofield, Desmond and 

, Brecker. The lyricism here is terribly handled, without the goo of 
sentimentality: Baker's power seems to come from a deeper, 

Patrick J. K .......... AI S1dar ItOrtr.y • retb_ v_tIeviIIe f!1ore ~motiona.t source, a source that can't be drowned in the easy 
t_ rec:reatt.tl. r...4 co. • ., .ketda in tIae Neil sao. ~ lastemng marglDs. A plus. 

The play is about two former 
vaudeville partners getting 
back toaether to do a television 
show after eleven years of not 
speakinl and pretending to 
hate each other. The plot is 
essentially one of those sappy , 
boy gets girl, boy loses girl, boy 
gets girl back again after she 
develops leukemia affairs, only 
the leads are two crochety old 
men, and the leukemia is a 
heart attack. 

The central character, Willie 
Clark, has the attack because 
his sidekick Al Lewis tonnents 
him, And Willie Clark tonnents 
Al Lewis. It goes on and on like 
that almost relentlessly for two 
hours of biting one-liners. Then 
at the end there is a bashful, 
tender , reluctant reconcilia-
tion. It·s cute to see the old 
codgers try to hide the fa ct that 
they're going all mushy over 
each olher, and it's a grand 
relief the show is over. 

The withering humor of " The 
Sunshine Boys" becomes less 
tiresome only when Willie is 
pitted in verbal battle against a 
straig ht man such as his 
nephew or the private duty 
nurse. In these scenes there is a 
one·liner only every other line, 
which makes for much easier 
going than the Willie versus Al 
scenes. But it is only a brief 
respite before the gears shift 
and everything is once more so 
clever that it's not even funny 
any longer . Sinking low in my 
seat I'm in comedic overdrive 
again , and groaning, 

....... Sta_w..IIoy.". 
delicate humor to the play. like that of an earlier Globe 
Patrick J, Kearns, with his play of this season, "The Last of 
tragedy-stricken face and the Marx Brothers' Writers," 
seeming obliviou/lness makes Peggy Kellner decided a 
WHlie into an adorable similar set would be appro-
doddering coot in spfte of the priate , All dingy apartments 
precise timing of his nasty look the same anyway. Well, all 
lines , Similarly, Al Skylar is a right, but no award~ for 
prim and likeable AI. I originality. 
probably would have slept Nor am I giving prizes for 
through "The Sunshine Boys" gimmicks this week . Placing 
if Willie and Al were anywhere video monitors of AI's and 
near as tough as their jokes. Willie's television show scene 
But as it is they are channing, at the sides of the stage is an 
and thouJ{h channing, may not interesting scenic effect for a 
be in Neil Simon's vocabulary. while, but I tuned out when it 
it is a nice addition to this appeared that the audience was 
production, meant to walch the TVs during 

I suppose that since the a scene change. I'll twiddle my 
matter of this is so thumbs for myself, thank you. 

A«:oa.ti«: ~ita"'t Mike Galezlaa deec:riha hie .... ic: _ 
".«:id-folk. ' He p"y •• ill .nd twelve-.trias gait.n. He will be 
.ppeAriag .t the Mair 5" Dillie TItan., Fe". 2l from 8:30 to 11 
pm. Y!'i. free e\leat ie .poDeored by the Muir Ra. H.II 
r-----------~ Coan«:.r. 

But the Old Globe Theater's 
production of " The Sunshine 
Boys" is not all so bad. Rather 
than try to get blood out of ' 
Simon's turnip, director Jack 
Tygett makes the show into 
something of a carrot by virtue 
of very good casting. Carrots 
are sweeter than turnips. Willie 
Clark and Al Lewis are plainly 
two nice, sentimental guys 
trying like hell to act nasty,-and 
the characterizations add a 

XEROX 
, 

COPIES 

2~~ 
.. .. ,umum 

1601 SI.tll A ....... 
231·1.7. 

OPE N 7;30 I .m. · 10 p.m. M.F 
Sa lu rdlYI & SUnlllYI t~5 

r 

Let your feet make 
a place for themselves. 

Feee i. eh., ... d m.loe footprint • . 
Feet i. Birloe •• toclo footw.,.r do the very •• me thiDS. 
n., Birke •• eoclo fooebed ia heat _d pre. ure u •• iIi" • • to ...,Id 

to your foot ..... beco_ yuur footpri.t , 
I So ... alloi8S i .. Birloe ... toclo ia • 101 

iiI.., walking bar fool i. the ... d . 
with OB4r: "ery coaveaieat cliffere.ce. 

You can w •• 10 i. Birloenleoelo aI. year Ions. 

Birkenstock: 
10% Student Discount 
I III Pro.p~ct , at H~rKhd 

La Joll., CA 92037 
454-7577 

Tti~ 
IjALC()~~ 

* $11 Jean Cfjenel 
'~ mirrored world of 
revolutions~ brothels, and hunan stru~gles 

for dorlinan~e . /I 

inar: C)·1~ & U·l<) 
: OO/t.m. 

"* "* "* 

$2.50 STUDENTS $3.75 GENERAL 
TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW AT 

UCSD Theatre Ticket Office 
Houl's: Monday-Pr iday J Noon-4: 00 p 

CALL 452-4574 
. ..< / 



1. 

This weekend catch 
our smile to the snow, 
the sun or a little 
home cooking. We're 
PSA. And we fly to 
more major airports in 
California than any 
other airline. 

Attention Revelle Studentsl 
Summer Orientation Leader 

Positions Available 
************* 
Application Deadline: Fri., Feb. 24 
************ 

Pick up referral from Student Employment Office and 
application from Revelle Dean's Office. 

<!Ittl of 1fin IDalin 
HAIR STYLISTS 

Quality Hair Styling 
For Men & Women 

We u.e end Sell 

~. 8eluty Products 
•• 43 LA JOLLA BLVD. 4154·8117 

Bird Rock 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . 

LIVE 
ENTERTAINMENT 
81 REFRESHMENTS 

in our upstairs 
Casino Lounge 

* FREE PRIZES * 

I TRIPS TO LAKE TAHOE. 
SAN FRANCISCO. LAS 
VEGAS. LOS ANGELES" 
MAMMOTH 

Gifl Certificates for 

FREE GAMBLING 
CASINO GAMES 

Blackjack • Craps 

KENO 

Wheel of Fortune 
Roulette AND Poker 

Donations from 
Dinners. Records, Sport- , ~ , 
ing Goods and much more. i "':"" AIR • 

$1 Donation Requested 
~/ ... .. .... CALIFOAN.A 

Spon80red by UCSD Phytlcal Education D..,.rtrMnl 
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY 

baton tillS 
Chlvez ... 
(Coa&iD1ed from pap 1) 
aatiafied the committee' could 
be .talled with pel'llODl wbo 
would sue.. tbe laue In a 
nonpolitical and objective 
manner.) 

AI or now. DO one seems to 
know bow many fanners have 

w ....... Februerr 22. 

beendiJplaced. UCofficialuay . .0 II 
tbe dlsplac.ement of farm · by ~laQ aUlle 
workers has been slight . L-__________ .L.._,;..... ________ I 
Others, such as Chavez and 
Hayden, believe thousands of 
workers who once worked as 
tomato pickers have been 
replaced by mechanical 
harvesters . 

Representatives of state 
farmers and growers told 
Regents at the hearing that 
without UC's technological 
developments they would not 
be able to compete with 
fanners in other states. 

" Mechanization is going to 
happen whether the university 
is involved or not," said Marc 
Faye, a fanner from Knights 
Landing in Northern Califor-
nia . The Regents must decide 
whether "they are going to sit 
by and watch it happen" or 
allow UC scientists to partici-
pate. 

Private corporations will 
pick up the slack if UC drops 
farm mechanization research , 
Faye said. 

Another thing Chavez and 
Hayden called (or was that UC 
be required to make social 
impact statements about its 
agricultural research . The 
United Farmworkers Union 
supported a bill in the state 
Legislature last year that 
would have required such 
statements. 

Tbe university opposed the 
legislation. Hayden said both 
CED and the UFW would again 
push for similar legislation this 
year. 

Social impact 
J .B. Kendrick, Jr., the UC 

vice-president for alriculture, 
said the university is not 
opposed to social impact 
statements, but that. they are 
very difficult to write. 

Tbey keep telling me this is a NEWSpaper. I guess that means 
something. They tap my column with gnmy ink-stained fingers 
and ask, "What's this doing in a NEWSpaper? " 

They don't listen when 1 tell them that I tried to get it in the Bible 
but was rejected. 

So I've decided to satisfy them. I'll put in some NEWS copy. So 
what if these events haven't happened yet? 
. Have faith, will you? 

••••• 
tJgandan President Idi Amin today claimed the moon for his 

own. Early reports have it that the erratic dictator has renamed 
the moon, calling it " Idi's Amoon. " 

Some other reports say he refers to it as "UCSD." 
Key observers say Amin made his move because of the current 

food shortage in Uganda. The burly president was heard to have 
said, " We need the cheese. So what if it's green? " 

••••• 
Members of the Palestine Liberation Organization are 

breathing easier tonight upon doctor's confirmation that their 
leader Vasser Arafat, is not suffering from a brain tumor. 

An earlier medical report had linKed a growth in. Ar~fat's head 
as that of a brain tumor. However, a closer exammatlon proved 
the assumption to be totally false. 

It was discovered that though Arafat did indeed have a tumor, he 
was missing a brain. 

••••• 
Stanley Abrahms. head of the Enlightened but . Proletariat 

Marxist Thinkers Coalition, addressed a meeting of that 
organization yesterday to challenge the recent discovery of Karl 
Marx's proclivity to wearing women's clothing. 

"A man 's dress is not the concern," said Abrahms. " It is his 
mind. Do we care that Karl Marx wore women 's clothing? Notat 
all. Perhaps this will teach the bourgeoisie running laCkey dOl 
capitalists once and for all that we have minds of our own, and are 
not slaves to I.he aura of·Marx. " 

Abrahms addressed the meeting in a pink chiffon outfit with low 
decolletage. 

••••• 
History was made last night when the meeting of the UCSIl 

Associated Students went without a hitch. 
••••• 

No one showed up for last night'S meeting of the Associated 
Students. 

••••• 
President Carter, reeling from the recent congressional defeats 

of his Panama Canal treaty and energy policy, has come up with a 
new national mission he thinks the country can get behind. 

" I am all for the annexation of the Ene Canal to Canada by 
1980 " Carter declared, saying it was his " number one priority." 

Carter's reasons for this announcement come in the wake of hil 
expressing that those living around the Erie Canal were a bunchd 
"cretins and goons ." 

"They voted heavily Repu~ 
Hcan in '76." Carier further 
explained, adding that , " the 
actions of those dumm ies 
almost robbed me of NewYori 
State." 

••••• 
Recent disclosures 

sity of California ties 
CIA has caused UC PresrlOenlil 
David Saxon to make a 
statement of apology. 

"The University ofCanrn,rn",. 
will never again deal in 
mally with the CIA," decla 
Saxon. 

has a Deqtal Gdtup 
at tlt.e 

Saxon said this was 
sary because of the ' 
ciency" of the past 
Saxon did , however, mEmtlOI. 
that there would b 
formation of a new UC 

8tude.u: Healtlt. O:qteI 
wltlt. 

8tudeqi Ibate~ 

• EXAMIl'{,A TIONS 
• DENJAl... WOIU\, 
• HYGIENJSTS 

a('e available JOl 
cleaf\jng teetlt 

.MONDA Y THRU FRIDA Y 
8:00 A.M. TO ":00 P.M. 

Phone 452-2080 

has it been ';nee you've seen II Dm,"' 

to further pre-profess 
training for top echel 
governmental posts . 

The new school will be 
UClA. 

Polltlcs ... -(Continued fr~m pat(e 3) 
" There use-d to be a 

uncomfortable sense i 
California Democratic ci 
that California didn' t rate 
the Carter administration 
acknowledged June Opp 

Degnan , member of t 
national party committee 
California. No natio 
administration can ignore 
largest state and hope to 
in 1980, Mrs . Degnan .. nl...,". 
think that sense is 

now ," she says. "P 
bearings seem to be imlPnllVln. 
This was not 
KeMeth Curtis' dolDl.1t 
leneral attitude from the 
House. But I think that's 

b1ton times ..... " 

triton times I -f- d CIA .. C ass I Ie · S (C::~:~t;;~~EO~olton's memo touched on how the 
eLA&6IF1E P Abs 

S ..... "' .. : Jet ,...1 •• _ . 
No.~ raw: I •• ,er •• spKft. 
..... , ,._ .. : lroe I. II .... limo ""'. 

RESEARCH PAPERS - Thou.alldt on filo . 12 75 
per pap Ori,;ul f1!March aiM) available, Send 
II OCI lor calal",. NATIONAL RESEARCH 1_ 
Wilshire no 21f LA _f. 12131 479-10lIl 13/ 171 

. h L b I I K'--I-·'~I~M~I_~-~I~_'or agency could best recruit Geor,. Chrl.top er il p .au c aim your ..... C~ -- ... - -...~.. • d 
po...,.n alllle TT ofll.,.. . • A,.tlor M.y _ . Call d.-Tuy ... _ .v. ac ade mlC 5; e fend itself 
Lc»1.. Blue Mountain Jacket , h.a. my name on inner ie', sJde Great unUrrtenLaI value call Oou,4II· l.J7J announcements 

Ad n-", 8ft: •• -. For Sale. Tr ... l. TUloria,.c.IcuIUl. AlCebr • . Trtc. A .. I (;j!om) . 
"-_I ......... -. - L ...... f.... . PhySiC • . SI.II.lle. Call IIh 217 ·4751 151211 Jenny T. Phillip' pleaae claim your Stanrord rlnl 

al TT office. 
See Trullau", film "Smail Cha ..... Wed feb 22 01 
7. :It pm USB 2722 PREE' Sporllored by Fem Coal 
and French Club 

against attack for its· on· 
campus activities; set up 
contracts and grants with 
universities; and recruit 
students. 

V .... ~ MIll ,., .... ta .. _ IIWIfti or . 
dello ...... la_ "" __ HIa ..... f ... iIY W.rren minl ..,O<!1'1eII will be """'1 .... per 
I ..... IM~_ ..... ~ ..... Ie....... eVIDiDa (i.e " ldina,lCuballnroal WarrenProvoet 

_ -. ............... _.... Olfice (1/27) 

f..- II· •• --...... ,...,.· for sale 
LooI·Boy·. J""kelioat on Warr.n Campu. Monday 
Black with brown fu,.lInm • . P~alM! call Susan 4530-
502S 

Warren Colle,e tuden ... II you t\ave IUUnt.tolli 
(or I Guest Commenc~nt Spe.ker. lubmlt to the 
ProvOlt Ofll ... Su .... _ Bo • • 110:1 W.C. Add lWnO 
a nd telephone no ir you CM D belp cont..c t. personals 

The N.n~ . ., ...... bA .... ricans w.nu 10 form a 
compul cha .... r . In .......... • C.II Kathy ~-tSU 

(21~ ) 

The Wonwn o(Warnn',AUOC. lo EIec,ChauvlnittJ 
have cleeldod lhal all boy. 01 IlIe " W.C. Women 
w.leh," SGcIoIY" win hondo down . Go back "' IlJlh 
", 1\0011 (2/ 2%) 

Tra •• 1 "' ISRAEL Ihls .wnmer Sludonl ....... p 
tour-belt tNiriain .round Xlnt opportunity call 
Poulm-15M 121:tZ1 

Tom·H.pp~ 2111 a lillie I ... -10'. ~. Belli (21221 
They ' rt back! Low Michael ..... and Lao Nonnan 
" the Oulback Caf • . Wed_day . • : '" pm. 711 
Warrtn. (11221 
Rusted' fOCUlI1J;&e'nen can direct you to 'e ... 1 ald. 
Slrletly conlldentlal. 412_ (1/ 221 
WalCh UCSO men; we do! Min of the week Cot. La 
frank B .. .... ItaUon ""Ilion (R ••• II.I iooIIed 10 
suave -· until he lert bit Uy dOWD ' (2 / 22) 

Wan' to be Important' II you can wau upon Friday 
mornln&.nd be alllle Muireollo .. Council ITlftti .. 
.1': fit. I ..... you e.n apply 10 be IlIe AS rep. 10 IlIe 
MCC. Thi. Friday . • am. ProvCIOt'. Conle.....,., 
Room In H58, (2/2%1 

l..8lle 01 Meteor Your .mile lJ u daullnc III your 
per'lOnaJu)' and you are a ,reat dancer Now that. 
know who you Ire. I'U be watchinc. Laun Admirer. 

I Z/~ I 

To the penon (1'0 who.lo5emy ,oad/jade rin.inHL 
blhnn. don 'l cop II . I'll pay ' for ,I .. 1 __ 12122) 

Acoullic ""laritl Mike Gulnl.n .. III he appo.ri .. 
Thurs. ""bl from. : ,..11 pm IIIlIeYuirS. Olme.-
u·. Freon Come .... blm ..... y .... I , 12 'lri .. 
I\lltarl , 
BaJo N.lu",1 HIslDry Cnd .. in lite Sea of Cort ... a. 
clay • • Msr . • • Apr. 2 _ . Colllact: F. Rokop:1114 
BB .4771 131111 

War...., C ....... OrientaliOD ...... AppIic.lIo .. 
will b •• ecopl.d u.tll ,..b. U. (l / U) 
MAMMOTH RENTAL · Sill Chalel ..... p' 10, 3 
bloclu from IiIII 7 , • . Try 10 plln your lrip 3 10 < 
~ .. Iu altead minimum. SiIIl .. . hould be Irt"lthru 
M.y Ca ll Do", 171 41540-5222 or 1714, 77IHl571 13111 

A r ree aerobtc daoce cia., will be- held at the 
International Center on Monday feb . 20th al 5 30 
pm We" tennla Uorel and bon. a frMood . For more 
Infor mali9Q ~.II Pam aL 226· 1777 . 121201 
Medic.1 Itbol.,. .. I, • . Set immtdJ.te 4·Y.lr 
medIe.I ....... _nItI". ••• U.bIo lo_leri .. or 
earoUod __ .Call N.vy_l .. om_ 
...... (4J1J) 
David-Va no Hptt'ft mu. Poo bll huevOl bien en 
bondo . (21 221 
Fomale .-.. ID .... rt room: Z 1><Inn . ....... . 
Mlulon Boadl . • . ", '" util . N .... tmoIt.r .... _ 
.. e.11IP ('"7) 
Cull paid for colas. c .... rial •. jewelry. deatol 
lold. '''rIln& .ad ..... 1_ U.S. SII .. rooIOl. K .. 736-
7:r11 «17) 

Earn " I ubjeeu needed lor p.y e holo,lcil 
.,peri .... nlln La Jolla . Men 21-40. Pl .... coli W · 
mo (UM) 

housing 
I bdnn IvaU Spr. qtr SoliDO II. nonamoker 756-
_(21M) 

r . male lo.ha ... La Jolla borne with 4 otltor • . Ocean 
\lJew on MI. Sotedld. Own rm. I • • uUJ .....,.., 
12t ZtI 

travel 
BOO K ON CAMPUS. Europe . Haw.1I .nd New 
York Chaner Flllh ... CIEE Sludonl Tr ••• ISludonl 
Cenler B_. Opon weekd.y. 12-4. Call 452 __ 
1611 1) 

services 
ProlelSional Typln • . Rea.ooable Rate. IItM 
CorrectlnM Selectric, C.II lor 1' .... Etlimale Gall 
41 1·7540 "It) 

TYPING - Matllyn would like to luUiII your typin, 
needs - expert, ~alOnable, hu (8M. Ca ll27f).tnt 
(2127) 

Et: D A TYPIST? R ..... nable r ..... SPEEPY 
St: RVICE. IBM .. 1I..,..recUnl. Kallile 211-_ 
' "or 12. 00 noon. (31 17) 

T) pln.· .. If ..... mctInIf IBM _lec:trie Ierm p.po .... 
t ....... . Ie . •• porl_ . ...,. 1 ........ n ••. (1111) 
'rYPING! IBY Seiec:llic linn _ .... .... ~. PhD. 
dlslenatl_. odIliIII •. RUSH JO~ .~. _ 
1171 . Z ..... 462.1_ (II') 

HEUO.IlOLLY 
TYPING SERVICE 

Tenn po ....... cIJ_....-. _ . ..-_ •. Self. 
COITOcU .. IBM .Iectric: , You'lI lib my fi"' ..... 
C.II Dolly II 453 · " .. . 101 · ,. . It · I . (21241 

:YPlnl ... porlonced . rellabl.. felllOfl.ble. IBM 
Correct'"' Select.nc call anytime 4S5-4127 Mn, 
Old •. (lit) 

Prof ... lo .. 1 TJPIDI R ... o •• bl. Ral ••• IBM 
COrroeliq It'-otrlc. EAlMrieoced . Reliable. Call 
001l4l1·7I4t. 

LEARN SPANISH 
If you _II' ............ s-IlItqulcld;y. n~ 
. nd corne1lJ . ..... II yell ..... IIMl .......... 
'U_ lor __ ............ ,........, • .-
lor .1 Ie.., __ ID C-U .... ~ Scbool. nn( __ ... --., __ _ 
Prf· ... _.,_at_ ........... o...u.. 
APDO . ... C •• r •••• e ...... Ict . (WI17) 

PRO,.ESS IONAL TIIE.Is/MANUSCRIPT 
TYPING. = I I • .........., _r_ 
.111 ..... , r .... WI_ RtoIItJello ___ 
IBM C ........ _II ~_. 0.,_ 
UII . .... ....,. '"1 

Loot: Key. wllid boot on ch.ln. I NEED lb. lleys 
back.. Plea. tum in to TT oniee or call. US-t521 

Sacrifice : '73 C.pri. V ... I.po cleek. <MOO mi. 
.. cellonl cvnd. MUll ... 11' U .HOl helt oll.r W.II .. 
(21M) 

Lool: Blue noleboil al CP'P Office. Ha, NS 20. PS 
10. Psych 10 notes. It found ca ll Jefr, 453--0819. 

The iSlue of Rape il now bein,laktn seriously at 
UCSO The RIp" T .. k Force which II no I"",er a 
studentoraanlulion burs campu •. wide ,roup, hat 
,...,.nlly been funded by Chancellor McElroy ID lind 
new wsy. for the edut atlon a nd pre vention 01 r ppe. 
All those intere.ted in attendlnl meeon,. and 
donatio. tme and JUueltlOlll .hould contact the 
Rape Tuk Force at the Women 's Center %2023 , 
xOl2, x4470 

The released documents also 
dealt with the agency 's 
problems with on-campus 
recruitment. A 1970 recruit-
ment letter to job placement 
officers asked that the CIA be 
allowed to screen resumes on 
file at placement office and 
then to meet with individual 
students . 

Mereo AM/ to M ' - 1 ,.ack 1'" yn uld , Iood cond, be.l 
o".r. Call 452 .. m 121~1 Will Indlvklual who found filculator in H and L 

lower ~vel men', room P"iile tum In to Tnton 
Times Ortho bouprln, and mattreu fume and 

headboard 2 ),n old 150 lIulil 4S3·2t7f 12/221 wanted 
For Sal. 11111 VW E .. lne - _ mil .. on all n.w 
part • . Compld.e en,ine ready to put bolt In Jim 
X2II!7 

Microcomputer procra mmtn earn moM)' by 
lettil1l u. market you r prolraml , nay type-prot ram 
Oft any .y.tem. Contract job. availab". Alan $13-
7U9 1:tJ241 

The Third Collele Prolram Board and the Third 
Colle.e Provost '. OUlet prnen1 " The Automobile 
and Air Pollution " A panel of txperts will dlICUSI 
aU aapectJ 01 Uti. serious problem ioeludln, the 

futu~ gf the automobile a.a fann oltran.portauon 
Whe~ TLH 107 When February23 lint 7 30-"30 
pm 

fOR SALE ' I .. CItoppod VW. bart body ' Ooor 
INIn - mull lee • ..,..00 t»-OIt2 Some colleges went along 

with this plan, and others did 
not. According to Gardels , 
UCSD was one of the campuses 
that allowed the CIA to bypass 
the normal job placement 
interview process. 

73 Honda J:5OCB low milts run great , tee rrullnla in 
receipts , extras! Mike Stoke. 455· '''' 15?S/ oHer 

proorrt'ader - "'2 , M-F. North County new'paper 
Call _71f7. 121271 

(2/221 lost 8r found 
If you found the tan Sarmonlte .houlder ballost in 

Malo rmmlo needed .ppro. 2'~ miln from UCSD 
fully fum cODdo. " moIltll pi III uUlltlnz pm 0114511-
517. (212%) n.T_T_ .. _ .... _ ... _ 

M.nde.ill. Parlllni LOI. yO<! can keep money. but AniI ............ llUlbr . ........ wk mlllt be ..... ID 
pie ... m.illhe conI .... (pope". Ii ....... passpon) work loll '" proficleatly willi ocryUao . Ph. "".7311 
to Drll1Ul Oept. Q-OM, or call x3791 with any Info. (31.1) 

1~_ 10 , ,., ...., ........ ' ..... A _ 
_ .. _ .. -...... .-.. _-_ .... 
"" __ *"" __ 1_ . 

Thank yO<! , 

OVER $650 A MONTH 
RIGHT THROUGH 

If you're a junior or a senior majoring in math, physics or 
engineering, the Navy has a program you should know about. 

It's called the Nuclear Propulsion Officer Candidate-
Collegiate Program (NUPOC-C for short) and if you qualify, 
you can earn as much as $650 a month right through your 
senior year. Then after 16 weeks of Officer Candidate School, 
you'll receive an additional year of advanced technical 
education. This would cost you thousands in a civilian school, 
but in the Navy, we pay you. And at the end of the year of 
training, you'll receive a $3,000 cash bonus. 

It isn't easy. There are fewer than 400 openings and only 
one of every six applicants will be selected. But ·f you make 
it, you'll have qualified for an elite engineering training 
program. With unequaled hands-on responsibility, a $24,000 
salary in four years, and gilt-edged qualifications for jobs 
in private industry should you decide to leave the Navy 
later. (But we don't think you'll want to.) 

Ask your placement officer to set up an interview with a 
Navy represeptative when he visits the campus on February 21-23, 
or contact your Navy representative at 714-2.93-6444 ( collect). 
If you prefer, send your resume to the Navy Nuclear Officer 
Program, Code 312-B468, 4015 Wilson Blvd., Arlington, 
·Va. 22203, and a Navy representative will contact you directly. 
The NUPOC-Collegiate Program. It can do more than help 
you finishcollege: it can lead to an exciting career opportunity. 

NAVY OFFICER. 
IT'S NOT JUST A JOB, IT'S AN ADVENTURE. 



." 

:T 
o 
::I 
CD 

billa .... 

~ o~~ 
Featuring Clairemont's ONLY organically grown produce! 

JB'I ba, buy-back policy: Brlnl in your own bal 
and we II &In you a discount on your ,roceri •. 
~ .......•••••............•..... ~ ....•...............• 

: Nectar 39¢ ': no.Rais~ : 
: Pie R~ • . 49« : New Cit! : 
:The w~)fldts ~ deliCIOUS ICC cream : 89¢L b : 
'sandwlch. Contains no sugar!. . . ~·············;··········I············ .. ~ ... ! •••••• ( 
: From the Natural Food Cafe: Cashew : 
: Freshly made : Pieces : 
• SOUp· • i 2St/cup i Sl.49/lb. i 
• T b ' d il • Rea· $2.25 • 
, •••••• :~:.~I~.f.t •••••••• : ••••••••••••••••••••••••• •• 
6pen . Now over 
Every weeknighttil8 With tbis coupon 110 • 
friday til9 Good thru March I • 

Bakk •••• (CeadaMd from pap 1 ) 
. Tbe Re,entl' lawyers are 
developiJll aJ'lUlMlltl, accord-
lq to Shapiro, to show that 
special admisliODI pro .... ma 
fo not violate the fourteenth 
amendment, but Shapiro feels 
that the question" not whether 
special admillioDl pro.rams 
violate the constitution but 
whether the "social problem is 
10 serious that we should make 
a special acceptance in this 
case." 

The Supreme Court has 
upheld unconstitutional laws 
before, according to Shapiro. In 
1932 it upheld a state law that 

The Triton Timea il publlehed ~ 
UCSD Itudents .. an official Itudent 
nawlplper . Publication lion 
MondaYI, Wednacl.Y' and F ridaYI 
during the r.gular Ichool ye.r 
(.xc.pt on official holidlYlj . 
Editorial and bull".. offices are 
located in the Student Cent.r at the 
University of Cililornil, San Diego. 
Fo r .dltorili . call 452-3488; fo r 
bUli".. and diaplay Idva rtillng, 
call 452-3488. 

Lett.rs to the editor Ind opinion 
columns Ire w.lcomed. All submil-
slonl lhould be typed Ind doubl. 
apec:ed on I tllHpece line. They 
should not exceed 1'h pa"" in length. 

Submitted malerlal mUlt bear the 
name Ind stud.nt identificltion 
numberof the luthor. Names can be 
withheld from publlCltion on 
request; ho_ver, the nlmea will be 
held on file for public inapICtlon. 

_ ... al •• """ ~ 1m 

created a moratorium on 
mol1lagea for fanners due to 
the 'special conditioal of the 
depreuion. The constitution 
outlaw, state laws affecting 
contracts. 

"OpeD admlllloas" 
"Simply .ayin, black 

students may attend doesn't 
solve tbe p'roblem," said 
Shapiro. ' California has 
always had open admiSlions to 
higher education, a most 
extreme form of affirmative 
action for a 10D, time." Any 
student who .raduates. from 
high school can ,0 to a 
California community college. 
If he .raduates from there 
within the minimum require-
ments he can attend either a 
state university or the the UC 
system. "The result has not 
been the creation of a vast pool 
of minority students," said 
Shapiro. 
"I think the Supreme Court is 
capable of writing a deciSion 
that .says race could be taken 
into account among many other 
factors," said Shapiro. The 
court would say that in order 
for professional schools to 
make reasonable admissions 
decisions many factors can be 
taken into account, including 
the needs of the community, the 
qualifications of the student, 
representation, said Shapiro. 

Sat ., Sun. 10-6 Bulk Bans 
Located dose to UCSD in Diane Shopping Center 

The Triton Times r_rves the 
right to edit submissions becau .. 01 
apace limitations or style requir. J r : ~ [ 
L;_r:_I~_~_~;_Ir:'_es_t~_n_ts_oop_y_riO_h_t _19_78_ t_he..J HQ~py 2! stEI:inel 

• ~;-
I 0 

00 o~=-c::r 
...... ft 
- ... 
~ ::::r _ ICI 
:; CoIl·' 
O ~ < .. •. ;;=-= 
• • 0 ICI 

~ t') ;-~::5r~rJJ o ft .... n'" 0 
=-:Sft •• ...., 

.. ft _ ... ::=_ 
.... c:r .... t') Q. ~ ... ~"'tI::r=O=-
• • o· ~ _ 
a - ~ t!. = ::r 1 = •. 

CoIl =- .a. e •. 
.... 0 

. ~ -- . ~ o = :: _ ::r ti ft 
9 - ... -
•• ,< ~O....,OCollo 

~ 0 Colle c-_ ::rn - ::r 
.• - c _ ::' ft ::r::l ft 

I 

~t')'O 0" :: e ::r ... = .. ~ -~ ::r~~ :s CoIl 
=. Q. ~ 

= = c o •• = =~- Q. ........ 
-. CIl = _ 0 =. ~ . ::r=<-Q. ~ _ ~ c 

_. ::r ... 
_ ... ft~ft 

i a .a.::'" 
--" ~~::ift 

.... 0 I 


