
k" 
IHlt 
IUS 
es. 
ing 
)On 
1 a 
rid, 

/ 

Vote tomorrow 
from 7 am to 8_ pm 
(See page 2 for staff editorial) 

Ii 
Volume 33, Number 24 UC San Diego 

Leakey, Sagan talk at seminar 

Slate bill would ban 
student housing bia~ 

by Reed ~.pert 
Alfsociate News Editor 

A state Assembly bill that 
would prohibit housing discri-
mination against students is 
being voted upon today in the 
Senate Finance Committee. 

The bill (AB 1032) would 
amend the Rumford Fair 
Housing Act that currently 
makes it illegal to discriminate 
in housing beca use of a person 's 
race , color , religion , sex, 
marital status, national origin 
or ancestry . The Assembly 
Committee on Housing and 
Community Development has 
already passed the bill and, if 
passed by the Finanace 
Committee, it would go to the 
floor of the Senate. 

" The bill will prevent , 
Jegally, landlords or realtors 
from stopping students from 
renting because they ' re ' 
students , " explained Phil 
Issac, UCSD Student Lobby 
Annex Director . Currently , 
anyone who doesn 't want to 
rent to students may legally do 

Monct.y, M.rch 6, 1978 

so, said Issac, pointing out that 
many realtors maintain two 
lists of available places, one 
that students are shown and one 
they aren't. 

According to Jon Haber, UC 
Student Lobby Director, the bill 
came before the l3-member 
Finance Committee two years 
ago and was defeated by three 
votes. 

" We have a pretty reason-
able chance of getting it passed 
this time," said Haber. "It's 
blatant discrimination and we 
have put a tremendous amount 
of ener~y into it, more than any 
other bill this year." 

Senator John Stull, who is on 
the Finance Committee and 
whose district includes UCSD, 
has, according to his office on 

Friday, not yet had a chance to 
study the bill . 

If the bill does become law, 
there remains the aspect of 
enforcement. • 'When you get 
into housing rules and laws 
things become very compli-
cated, " said Issac. " Butthe law 
would be putting housing 
discrimination against stu-
dents under the purview of the 
law . It ' s the main step in 
solving the problem. In some 
cases you might be able to get 
legal recourse." If a realtor 
was found to be discriminating 
against students his license 
could be revoked. 

Opponents of the measure 
argue that landlords should be 
able to decide to whom they 

(Please turn to page 8) 

Future of humanity probed UCSD .bId_t. iIIteDt 0810eills tlleir re.t IDODe;" throw tile 
dice d.rillS C .... NlPt, IaehI s.tanilly i. ~ ~. 

by Laura A. Ricbler 
News Edl&or 

The origin and future of man, 
which remains uncertain, were 
the topics of a symposium 
sponsored by the L.S.B. Leakey 
Foundation entitled "Roots of 
Humanity" held Saturday in 
San Diego at which five 
internationally eminent 
authorities gathered to speak 
on their fields of speciality. 

Anthropologists Shirley 
Strum of UCSD, Mary Leakey, 
wife of the late Louis Leakey, 
and Bernard Campbell of 
UCLA, psychiatrist David 
Hamburg formerly of Stanford 
University and professor of 
astronomy and space sciences 
at Cornell University. Carl 
Sagan addressed the group at 
the San Diego Town and 
Country Conference Center 
during the 9 am to 5 pm event. 

At a Friday press conference, 
(our of the specialists (Ham-
burg was still en route to San 
Diego) cautiously responded to 
questions on homonid origins 
and the possible biological and 
environmental future for 
mankind. 

Pbysical allera&ion 
Sagan commented, "No one 

is in a position to predict a 
chance in the species, because 
we've reacbed a stage where 
we are in full cootrol oYer eor 
destiny." He laid that the 
environment is cbanging at 
such a rapid pace that a natural 
adaptation by the species will 
inevitably have to be lupple-
mented by human alteration of 
the human body, already 
visible in the phenomena of 
artificial limbs and other 
anatomical parts. 

Leakey would not commit 
herself to speculations about 
the future of the species, and 
when asked if we should expect 
a proloDied adolescence during 
human development, she, 
appearinl amused, IBid. "You 
Caft If you want to." 

LaMey, however, spoke of 
her recent fladinc. at a site In 

the Olduvai Gorge in Northern 
Tanzania, which push back the 
date of established human 

-ancestry nearly one million 
years to 3.5 or3.75 million years 
ago. The uncovering includes 
the jawbones and teeth of eight 
adults and three children, plus 
six footprints of a knuckle-
walking primate, which she 
says is larger than any fossil 
primate found before, and five 
prints which "seem to have 
been made by homonids." She 
said that there are no traces of 
stone or bone that may have 
been used by the homonid, and 
she felt that "we're dealing 
with a pre-tool making period." 

""hese creatures died at an 
early age," stated Leakey. 
"More than 50 percent of those 
we found were under seven 
years old." 

Baboon studies 
Strum spoke of her studies of 

a baboon colony in Kenya 
where she is the director of the 
Gilgil Baboon Project, saying 
that the future of primates in I . 

Africa is .. a complicated 
issue." She said that there are 
economic and political factors 
involved in the problem and 
that she is upset with the 
Westerners who go to Kenya 
trying to put an end to the 

Funding sought for 
grants proposal 

encroachment on wildlife , by Eric Jaye 
without considering the people Staff Writer 
in the area . The chance for students to 

" We' re facing a time when change their own education is 
there will no longer be wild . the p rim a r y rea son for 
animals, " commented Strum, attempting to establish the 
adding that Kenyans of the Student Center for Undergrad-
older generation view wildlife uate Research and Innovation, 
as a resource , while young according to AS President Jeff 
Kenyans are " concerned with Leifer. 
bringing their country into the If the center is funded it will 
20th century." award undergraduates grants 

Speculating about the future in order to conduct research 
of human beings, Campbell felt that will benefit the student 
that the most striking element community, and provide a 
of the environment that is library and staff that will aid 
developing is that , "We're students seeking grants (rom 
living close together and we're outside sources. 
not in touch with nature as we A request for approximatey 
used to be." He said that the $10,000 from the Chancellors' 
stress involved in living close A d v i so ry Com mit tee for 
together would become a Instructional Improvement to 

(Please tum &0 page 3) 

fund the center is currently 
being considered. Leifer said 
that the request will be acted on 
by early April. 

Approximately $6000 of the 
request would be used to salary 
a staff consisting of a director, 
resource developer and a 
projects coordinator for the 
center. The remaining $4000 
would be given out in grants. 

According to Leifer a similar 
program at UC Davis was given 
university funding its first year 
but continued by receiving 
federal grants. Leifer said he 
hopes the same things will 
happen at UCSD. 

Gray: Muir means communication 

The AS currently has $1000 
hudgeted for a grant program. 
This money will be used to 
begin an AS Mini -Grant 
Program to supplement the 
center. if the budget request is 
gran.ted. 

If the center is not funded the 
$1000 would be used to purchase 
a small research grants Ubrary 
that would aid students seeking 
grants, though this, said Leifer, 
" Would hardly be adequate. " 

by Andy Schnefder 
Anociate News Edi&or 

"I came here before there 
was a John Muir College," 
said Activities Coordinator 
Bobbie Gray. "It's hard to 
believe that from the first two 
or three hundred students who 
were on a first name balis, we 
have grown to 2,100." 

Gray holds primary respon-
sibility for social and recrea-
tional Pl'Olrams on the Muir 
campus. She believes that the 
major purpose of the Activi-
tiel Office is to bridle the gap 
between attitudes and reach 
out to as many different 
student ,roups as pouible. 

Stressing communication, 
she commented that "no 
Itudent should ever have to 
feel lost in a big system. I 
prefer to do the tbinas that 
make people bappy wltb life. 

There should be other ways to 
get involved besides classes ... 

Gray provides direct 
support and helps to coordi-
nate resources for the Muir 
Program Board, the Five and 
Dime Committees, Cloud's 
Rest Commuters and House 
Advisors. 

Stability and plalllliq has 
become the key to effective 
projects organized throUlh 
this office, pointed out AS 
Muir Representative Gary 
Moser . "Before it was 
created, student projects 
were always hit and miss. 
This way everyone gets 
involved with out overlap. We 
rely on Bobbie's expertiae to 
put the pieces together." 

He continued to explain that 
student membership on 
committees sometimes 
chan,e. from quarter to 

quarter and there is a need for 
someone who has " learned 
from consistent experience. " 

Supporting Moser , Muir 
senior Jeff Rice said, "Stu-
dents would never get 
anywhere if each time we had 
to start a project from 
scratch. We would have never 
pulled off Cloud ' s Rest if 
Bobbie ,hadn't been there to 
see us through ." Rice was 
referring to the newly opened 
commuter lounse estabUshed 
by students at Muir. 

The concept of pooling 
efforts by students, with one 
staff member who coordi-
nates the efforts , is sUU 
relatively new, said Muir 
Dean Jim Beckley. Less than 
three years ago the Muir 
Resident Dean and Assistant 
Dean were changed to 

(Pleue 'urn &0 pap J) 

Though, according to Reg 
Fee Co-chair Marsha Harris, 
the proposal has " a fairly good 
chance " of receiving its 
requests nearly intact. 

The request for the center 
was put together by Leifer 
Harris and KSDT News 
Director Bob Rubinyi. 

Commenting on the proposal, 
Leifer said, "The student who 
ba an nri ' I . fAl'PS many 
difficulties. The Grant Center 
would provide a place for the e 
students to ~o .. involving 
tudent. in the e~ucation 

process can only help the 
university. " 



Ii 
. UC".,..'·. Unli1atIIIld ecitoriala (thole appearing in bold-faced type on the left side 01 

.the oiJini9n PIIM) replaent A.m¥uitY opinion o{ .~ Triton T .... 
Utorial board, which iI ~ 01 Eititor Alan RuIeeII, Senior editor 
MIA Stadler, Manaai'9 ecItor Ran Anbar: NeWs ecItor· Laura Richter, 
AaA date News editon Andy Schneider and Reed Alpert and AIeiatanI 
Mana!jng editor Cindy Heffron. All ~ material and artwork 
repraent the author'" or artiIt', opinion, and do not nec.llriy refteet 
the Wwa 01 the Triton T ..... 

Del Mar eiec-tions' 
TIle TrUOII Times eDdones Jolla Weare aDd Naaey Hoover for 

reelec&iOllIo &lie Del Mar City COIIDeH. Bo&It Weare aDd Hoover, 
&hroaPOII& &llelr &erml of office, have lbown aD awarueM of &lie 
problems faciDl Del Mar and of &lie neeeaary lOIu&lonl. Tbey 
have emphasized &lie neceui&y for a con&iDuai baluce be&ween 
&be preserva&ion of &he commullUy's fralile environmental beauty 
and its ecOllomic needs. In addi&ion, &hey have demonstrated time 
and alain &hat &lley care about special problems of Del Mar's 
student popula&ion. 

We also endorse all four measures designed &0 increase &he 
amount of low and middle-income houstolin Del Mar. We do this 
for two main reasons. First, none of tile proposall, by Uself, wiD 
make mucb of an lmpact 011 &he problem of bilb-coK boustol. 
Second, &lie vote is only advisory 10 &lie CUy CoucH. A Yes vote on 
all four measures wUl live COUIIclI members more leeway to 
fulfUltn1 Del Mar'l leIai obU,a&ioll to tills area. In &lie Bp' of &lie 
fac& &bal tile bousinl problem bas aD acute effect on s&IIdents, we 
hope council members wiD move Quir.kly in &his retard. 

Finally, we want 10 urge all student-residents of Del Mar 10 vote 
in Iomorrow's election. Students are to a unique si&ua&ion in 
Del Mar. They comprise almost 20 percent of tbe el&y's reps&ered 
voters, and, as such, represent a sizeable and po&entially powerful 
bloc. For this reason, a student's vote really does matter in Del 
Mar. The polling places are open from 7 am to 8 pm. The few 
minutes it will take to vote will be a good investment of time. 

RECRUITING 
ON CAMPUS 

March 7th 
International Rectifier (IR) is a diversified 
manufacturer of semiconductors, pharma-
ceuticals and metalurgical producls. Our 
Semiconductor Division, which is the 
world 's largest independent manufac-
turer of power semiconductor devices , 
win be on campus recruiting for entry 
level personnel. The headquarters of 
this divis ion is located in EI Segundo, 
California, sItuated very close to the 
l.A. International Airport. The Sem.con-
ductor Division has addit ional manufac· 
turing facilit ies in India, Japan, Taiwan. 
Italy, Great Britain and Mexico. 
II you are interested, please contact 
Placement Office for appointment. If 
unable to fit appointment into schedule, 
please leave resume with Placement 
Office. 

I I\~R I 
INTERNATIONAL. RECTIFIER 
Semiconductor Division, 233 Kansas St. 

EI Segundo, California 90245 
An equal opponunity employer 

FIND OUT ABOUT THE 
JEWISH PEACE CORPS 

SHERUT LA'AM 

TRAVEL & STUDY IN 
ISRAEL 

-Summea Programs 
- Kibbutz Experience 

-Study Abroad 

Tuesday, March 7 
7:30 p.m. 

Building "e" 
P"esented by the Israel Action Committee 
and (he Union of Jewish Students. 
Sponsored by ASUCSD. 

triton times • 

Commentary 
From 'Roots' to 'King': 
black shows static 

by BiUMudel 
Pacific News Service 

The broadcast on Feb. 12, 13 and 14 of NBC's six-hour "King", a 
TV biography of the civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr:, 
came almost exactly a year after ABC's triumphant presentation 
of "Roots", based on the best-selling book by Alex Haley . 

The year between "Roots" and "King" was supposed to be a 
year of great progress ror black actors, actresses and writers of 
intelligent black-oriented stories. A glance at the facts, however, 
shows that the black TV renaissance still hasn't happened. 

BiU Mandel is &be broadcast columnis& for &lie San Francisco 
Examiner. 

Perhaps the most glaring example of the TV public's disinclina-
tion to accept serious black topics was the ratings failure of NBC's 
"King," after the network spent almost $4 million to produce it. 
The mini-series' premiere episode Sunday, February 12, was 
rated last on that night and last for the entire TV week ending on 
the 12th. The final two installments on February 13 and 14 were 
also rated in last place for their respective nights. 

Aside from considerations of competing shows on other 
networks, the TV community generally acknowledged that 
" King'''s failure was unexpected. Its rejection by the viewing 
public has been attributed to reasons ranging from racism to 
public revulsion for the national divisions of the 1960s. Whatever 
the cause, it's clear from empirical observation that something-
the production comm-unity, the networks and/or the public - is 
stopping reasonable, realistic black projects from succeeding on 
TV. 

The "Roots" phenomenon was unique. The soap-opera 
bastardization of Haley's gripping book removed color from all 
characters, black and white, and coated the whole story in the 
distorting gilt of a typical Hollywood TV tale. The series was a 
costume drama , buffered by 200 years of intervening history, and 
so didn't strike viewers as a black-white story of today. 

When " Roots" set new ratings records in January, 1977, and 
became a national obsession for one week, Hollywood seers 
predicted a flood of new work for black entertainment 
craftspeople. A·year later, the only beneficiaries of the "Roots" 
success are LeVar Burton, Leslie Uggams, Louis Gossett, Jr. and 
Ben Vereen . Sadly, many of these talented people now spend their 
professional lives constantly re-living the "Roots" saga. Ben 
Vereen's recent ABC entertainment special was subtitled, "His 
Roots", and LeVar Burton reports he's more or less become the 
young Kunte Kinte. 

" Black" TV programs that are successful are, almost without 
exception, horribly distorted stereotypes produced and written by 
white men and women . 

CBS' " Good Times", the home of Jimmy " J .J ." Walker (Mr. 
Dy-No-Mite) , suffered the loss of its female lead last fall when 
Esther Rolle quit the show, charging the producers (Norman 
Lear's Tandem Productions) were insulting black Americans by 
playing up a character who is 18-years-old, doesn't work or go to 
school and seems to survive on street hustling. Black leaders had . 
earlier complained about "Good Times" when the father 
character (John Amos) was written outofthe show, thus leaving a 
mother-headed household . Are all blacks living in fractured 
families, the leaders asked? Must all black women be depicted as 
maids? 

The most successful "black" show now on TV is ABC's "What's 
Happening! ", which is basically a white version of what life is [ike 
in a funky, funny ghetto. In this series the main character is a 
hippo-like teenager nicknamed Rerun, a living Dennis the Menace 
Jone to fat . The adultcbaracters in "What's Happening! " strive to 
Impose order and civilization on the bumptious youngsters, but the 
jungle drums or gbetto rock music and the call of the streets 
alway triumph. In "What's Happening! " the bad guys always win. 

The newest " black" show to hit the air is CBS' "Baby I'm Back", 
and if its writers ever heard about the black renaissance post-
"Roots" it doesn't show up in the series. 

"Baby I'm Back" is about a charming; hustling wastrel (played 
by Demond Wilson of the late NBC hit "Stanford" Son", another 
racist stereotype) who returns to his wife and two children seven 
years after deserting them to play the horses. His wife has become 
engaged to another man in the interim and has had the Wilson 
character declared legally dead. 

Obviously, the writers and producers think desertion or family is 
an excellent fulcrum on which to balance a "black" show. The 
firm resolve of the wife to retain her independence from the 
roughish hustler is eroding weakly on the series, which is 
climbing in the ratings after its introduction early this year. 

On all " black" shows one of the most Important humor sources 
- to judge from the hysteria of the recorded laugh track -Is the 
dialect joke. Just let one character utter "de ribber" or exclaim 
"Oh, yeah!" in minstrel-show exaggeration and the canned 
laughter erupts In torrents. 

It was only a year from the triumph of "Roots" to the 
disheartening failure of "King." The year .intervening was 
supposed to see a maturing of TV's attitudes toward black topics 
and artists. Instead, the TV audience has been given "Roots" 
retreads and two new racist situation comedies. Those waiting for 
the revolution are stili waiting. 

lIonMr, IIercII t, 1m 

Del Mar 
elections 
Editor: 

On Tuesday, residents of Del 
Mar will elect two city council 
members and express their 
opinions on lour proposed 
methods for providing moder-
ate-cost housing in the com-
munity. 

Because Del Ma r elections are 
usually close (the last council 
election was decided by four 
votes) and students make up 20 
per cent of the registered voters 
in the city, students will playa 
very important role in the 

(please tum &0 page 3) 

Muir Writing 
EdJtor: 

Correspondent John Dorrance 
is, alaB, only too correct in his 
charge of abBurdity, but levels it 
at the wrong target. 

It would be lovely if we simply 
. counted the students who want 
to take Muir 20 each quarter and 
provided sections and TAs to fit. 
But its not like that. TAs have to 
be found, found and trained a 
year in advance and for a year-
long commitment. Each winter 
we must project how many 
students we expect the following 
year. and we are lunded 
accordin, to these projections, 
present enrollments, and the 
largesse of the administration. 

The reason we have only 300 
spaces for 400 students is that 300 
were projected to take Muir 20 
this spring. The other 100 opted 
to take it last spring, faB and 
winter but didn 't show up . 
Earlier letters, advertisements, 
cajoleries and warnings failed to 
bring them in, even though Muir 
20 is 8 graduation requirement 
students are expected to 
complete by the end of their 
sophomore year. 

There are, theoretically , 
already not enou,h spaces for 
the 100 procrastinators, and if 
they delay further they'll be 
competing for spaces with next 
year's new admissions plus the 
inevitable procrastinators from 
this year ... 

But don't worry because it's a 
good bet that half of'the 400 we 
addressed won ' t enroll for 
spring anyway. Hell, lhey can'l 
really nail you for lbe requi[e-
ment till you graduate ... and If 
you IJPIOI'e it, it may 10 away ... 

When we try to picture this 
silent, faceless, and growing 
population of students. it is with 
the nasty realization that one 
day not too far away, come 
de(ree check time, they wiu 
suddenly materialize. knockilll 
on our doors and demandilll 
spaces that by then will belon, to 
future freshmen. 

But that's all in the future, 
right? So why worry now? Well 
the immediate result of their 
procruUnation is that tbls 
spring's sections will most likely 
be underenrolled. And If that 
happens our TA allocations for 
next year will almost certainly 
be cut, and that meana fewer 
spaces for next year's freabmen, 
and more students to Join the 
number of those who, whether 
they postponed willin,ly or 
unwUUngly, will be panickin, 
and scrambllDl come gradua-
tion. 

Mr. Dorrance's chargea then, 
should be leveled not at Muir 
WritiDl but at the Muir students 
who are putlinl the WritiDl p~ 
gram in the position of havllll 
too few apaces to serve the 
students held for the require-
ment and paradoxically. not 
enough students to fill the 
exlstin, spaces. 

WANDA MCCADDON 
ADELA KARUNER 

Dtrec:&on. Mldr Wrklnl 
Protnm 

~, M8f'Ch t, 117. 

EI.ctlon •••• 
(Con&inued from page Z) 
election. That is nothing new. 
The last three city council 
elections have been decided by 
the votes of students . 

Unlike some communities 
where students and town/lpeople 
view each other with suspicion, 
Del Mar has seen the creation of 
a remarkable coalition of 
students. environmentalists and 
other progrel8ive elements in 
the communlty. Together, these 
groups have made Del Mar a 
model for allofCallfomia. They 
have shown that a communlty 
can protect its physical 
environment, maintain a senae 
01 community identity and 
develop creative social and 
cultural programs despite the 
"ressures of outside lan1 
developers and the pervasive 
conservatism of southern 
Califomia. 

John Weare and Nancy 
Hoover were elected to the city 
council lour years ago by this 
coalition . They are running for 
re-election Tuesday and they 
deserve your support . They 
have guided Del Mar through 
four tumultuous years that saw 
the adoption of a new, environ-
mentally sensitive community 
plan and voter approval of an 
open space bond issue that will 
expand our coastal and canyon 
parks. 

A major problem aflecting all 
coastal communities is rapidly 
rising property costs which have 
caused rental rates to sky-
rocket. Many people in Del Mar 
value the social and cultural 
diversity created by the 
presence of students, the elderly 
and young families, all of whom 
are slowly being priced out of the 
community. 

It was for this reason that John 
and Nancy joined a number of 
other concerned citizens in 

(Please turn to page 7) 

MBPPro 
Ernie Glucksman 

Comedy 
Workshops 

Seminar ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

selective force in the survival of 
human beings. 

Strum said that while there 
are difrerent philosophies 
about how one approaches a 
primate field study , " I 
personally feel that by interact-
ing you change the interaction 
that you have come to ob-
serve." She said that those who 
work at her site in Kenya have a 
policy of non-intervention , 
where they don't try to 
communicate and don't return 
gestures. 

The appplication of the policy 
"doesn't mean I don't have 
favorites," said Strum, who 
added that the young baboons, 
who have been born since the 
inception of the project, "have 
no fear of humans at all, and it's 
hard to keep out of their way." 
She also clarified that " wild 
animals are seldom dangerous 
unless frightened orcomered." 

Pilot project 
Edwin Munger, professor of 

politica 1 geography at the 
California Institute of Techno-
logy (CIT) and president of the 
Leakey Foundation, told the 
Triton Times the foundation-
sponsored symposia were not 
the only project of the 90 
percent volunteer group, and 
that today marks the beginning 
of a pilot project of paleo-
anthropology in a group of 20 
selected Los Angeles area high 
schools . Depending on the 
success of the project, he said, 
there were hopes that it would 
be implemented throughout the 
state and then the nation. 

Presents 
For: 

Comics - Actors 
Comedy Writers 

Professional-Semi Professional Beginner 
Jackie Gleuoa: "ERNIE GLUCKSMAN, tlte guy wlto 

really 5alie _e _y .tart:" 

Classes: Every Tuesday evening 7 to 11 pm 
Harbor View Holiday Inn 
1617 First Ave., San Diego 

Age: 18 and up 
Cost: $25.00 initial registration and $25.00 per class 
Registration: March 7 from 7·11 pm 

Call for hutller wo,..tio.: 
(714) ttl 16:11 

-YUKON 
TRANs-ALASKA EXPEDITIONS 
Yukon RIver canoe Safaris 

Summer of '78 
Small pofties will be ~ guided downllle Yukon lINe< tom 

lis lOUIe. In "'" Yukon I_OOV.500miIeI on "'" ' IraiI '" ·'/t· lo DowsonCiIy 
and lhe KIondIk •. men enliretVoc,OIS"", StOle "'AIOIIta'0""'--o5eo 
rhe enlfre 22OC).mIIe ioumev.OOIIIy aOC- "'" _ Cifcle .... ""'" twa 
man"" 110m July 1 10 5epI , A 1imi1ed number 012_ PQJ1IciPa!ionl 
may be ClllClllaDie 14M equlpmen' nee_to "'" hfp wtI be.up(IIied by 
lIOnI-AIasi<a Exoedllloni •• capt for clolNng ond personal Items 1'10-
lessionol coole. will p~ •• C--" meats ond a PhotoglOpI\er wtII 
occompany each lalori Ond poa-lde each parlictpOfll wtIt1 0 pIloto-
graphic ",cord ot lI1il unique Od\lenlU'" PItvoIe camero. otlO welcome 

ParlictpOn.s WIN be .... 1 led and _. ted,bu'8OCh po ...... poddIell>ei, 
A'"'" canoe ana seT up ana sfrlf<e tneff own ,ent at eoen camp". Ihll Is 
NOlo IUlUIV CN .... bU' rother on adllenlultl thot Will tnYOIYe each member 
in ;'lItmate contoc. WJII1 "'" loll ~ont ... '" North America Fishong Will be 
superb.and abundanl Wlldhfe WI' be seen.lncludeng moose.beor,'IIWOhIeS, 
&QgtM conDOu and tesS8f anImO. 

ThoM for whom woIchong 'S 0 p(>Of .ut»lrtule 10, dOing.lhOM wtII1l11e 
true &pmt 01 adVenture are Invited fO come north wdt'I us In 78 "NORTH TO 
IHE FUIURE"' 

-
Futft'le( informatIOn con be oo'o~ bv wntlng 
TItANIoAlAlKA EXPEDITIONS. 
p.o. lox 155, 
Rancho Santa Fe CA 92067, 
or phone: 
(714) 431· 0551. 
Meetings will be arranged in your area for those 
sincerely interested. 

triton times p ... f' ' 

Munger said that a number of 
university professors, includ-
ing Campbell, are lecturing the 
secondary school teachers who 
are administering the pro-
gram, 

The foundation has allocated 
over $1,250,000 ·'0270 research 
programs in 26 countries on five 
continents, and contributions 
are primarily from private 
sources, said Munger. 

Coordinator •.• 
(Continued from page I, 
counselor status. The reduc-
tion in these salary classifica-
tions provided the base to 
support the Activities Coordi-
nator position. 

"The office developed as a 
response to the needs identi-
fied by the students over a 
long period of time," he 
stated. "Students have made 
it clear again and again that 
programming with the 
resulting activities is better at 
Muir as a result of this 
position ... 

Events each year include 
lectures and performances. 
Evening entertainment such as 
talent night and disco d~D~~.~ 

(Please turn to page 8) 

Take a Space Time 
Journey Into 
Your Future! 

UCSD Job Connection to 
the Career World Workshop 

Thursday March 9 
MUIr Apts lounge 2-4 30 pm 

Call 452·3750 for mfo 

Complimentary Extension Classes 
A number of complimentary enrollments in University Extension 
classes are available 10 regular~v enrolled UC Son Diego students. 
Underenduates wishine to tnroll in Extension courses approved for 
UC San Dieeo credit (numbered 1-198) may do so beelnnlna 
Wednrsday, March 8, 8:00 a.m., in the Extension Reaistration Office 
(Blda. 103. Administntive Complex). Undergraduates wishing to take 
other Extension courses may do so beginning at 8:()() a.m. on March 9. 
Graduate students should contact the Office of Graduate Studies and 
Research for information. PleasecaIl452-J4()()for further Information. 

In 48 hours you can learn to use 
your mind to do anything you 
wish. It ha been said that Einstein used only 10% of his mind , and the 
general public uses only about 3% or 4%. And that's what Silva Mind Control 
's all about: learning to use more of your mind. There is no limit to how far yoU' 
can go; there is no limit to what you can do. because there IS no limIt to the 
power of your mind . Students report SImple things like learning to stop 
smoking. to fall asleep without drugs and wake up without clocks. to relieve 
nervou ne s. to stop excessive drinking, to memorize long lists and to imprm 'e 
creat. vi ty - to the more sophisticated things like learning to develop ESP and 
to use dreams to solve problems and to get info rmation. 

Over 1.000.000 people all over the world have taken Silva Mind Contro l. and 
so ca n you. To find o ut how. we 
i",lIe you to a free seminar. But a 
word of cau llon; it will change your 
li fe. 

Silva Mind 
Control® 

Free lectures on March 6 and 7 
8 pm 4508 Mission Bay Dr. 

For information call 297·0758 
illlIUlIIlIlIIlUlIIllIHlIlIIlIlIHllIIlIIHlIlIlIlIIlIlIIlIIlIIlIIlIIlIlIUlIIllIIlIlIllIIlIlIlIIllIllIIlIIlIlIlIllIlII1I1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 1111111111111111111111111 111111111111111111III1I1Hlli 

_ PROF:g~~~::~:~~BLEM i 
Texas Instruments 

l,Q()Ced p-oiesSIOOCIi coiculotOl 
SR-51-][ 

•• .. ,,"Yo 

==--
Tl's Algebraic Operating System allows you to move into pro-
gramming with easy-to-understand procedures; key the 
problem as you would state it. Program memory stores up 
to 150 keystrokes. Suggested rec.i1 '79.95. 

Pr09forrvnotle'59 
Up to 960 program steps. up to 100 memories. Over 175 
functions and operations in scientific, engineering and 
statistical fields with plug-in Solid-State Software modules. 
Cen be used with PC-100A printer. Suggested 
rec.iI '299.95. 
~ 
- = ~ = 
it AVAILABLE AT: :; 

! £ .... , "Advanced ea ...... Electronics;l Center = i The University Bookstore r i : .. ' : 
1& (n;' Wee" Ortlyl 3/6-3/10) v; l ~ ' 14 e 
• Tho UnMnlIy 1IookIt_ i 
l .. n.HI.III __ Ml.' ...... nllllllM_IIII.IIIII.IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMlIIIIIIIMIIIH.UNIIIII!!1!!1Iiiiiiiiiiilllllllllllll. 

I 

/' 



triton limes triton times 

onday 
Mc:pt'.llell DoI,I .. - ACTRON Dlvillol: Interviews . For further 

1DI, .. nllallOD aDd to make 8D appoiDtment contact Qlreer Planning and 
hat's On 3/6-3/12 
P18"~IIeDt, Bldi. B, Student Center Complex. 
ap~;:~:;::~::~: Interviews. For further iDformation and to make an contact Career Planning and Placement, Bldi. B, Student 

Complex. 
~'7:15 am: Meditation CeDter - provide. a setting for silent siuing 

A Weekly Guide t n Campus Events 
. 

mecUtation. Instruction provided for those who desire It. For info call7S5-599S ------- ----- - - -:-------------------------- --.1----- -----
after 9 pm. Free. '-

• am-5 pm: WritinJ Clinic - Help with course papers . For appoint. call 452- 7: 30 pm: Find out about the Jewish Peace Corps: Travel and Study in 
2522. Location: 1254 H-L. Free. Israel. Bldg. C, Student Center. 

10 am-5 pm: Pa,e One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. Located 7: 30-10 pm: Focus Training Meeting: We will be doing role plays. Revelle 
next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 pm. Pbone 452- Informal Lounge. 
2167. Muir Commons. 7: 30 pm: "The Wilmington 10" - slide show followed by a speech and 

11 am-II nOOD: Weigbt Mana,ement Group - for any student who wants to discussion. International Center. Free . 
modify his/her lifestyle for maximum bealth, productivity , and happineSl!. 11-10 pm: Rolfing Seminar - Lecture . and film will be presented. Sponsored 
Group focuses on: 1) Changing eating bablts, not dietin,; and 2) developing by Association of Medical Arts. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
decision power rather than will power. Facilitator: Diane Evans. Call Becca 8 pm-IO pm: Friends of United Farm Workers Slide Show - to inform 
at 452-3755 to sign up. Location: 412 Warren Campus. students about the issue of agricultural mechanization and the direc t 

Noon: Rape Task Force meetln, - Development of campus-wide connection to the UC Regent sponsored mechanization research . Sponsored 
protlrams to deal with the issue of rape are under way. Open to all . East by Friends of Farmworkers. HL 1402. Free. 
Conference Room, Student Center Complex. 8 pm-IZ mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for 

1-1 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and 
Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. activities that encourage interaction . Telephone 452-3092 (evenings) for 

Z-4 pm: Humanities and Social Sciences Career Advising: An informal updated program information. 711 Warren Campus. Free. 
discussion with Michael Hulfachor, H"'SS Career Advisor, concerning 
various career issues. Call 452-3490 for an appointment Location: Revelle 
Provost. . 

S pm: Lecture - Machiavelli in Action. North Conference Room, Student 
Center. 

3: 30 pm: SIO Department Seminar, Scripps Insptution of Oceanography. 
Speaker: Dr. John Sutherland, Duke University . Subject: "Comparative 
Studies on the Dynamic of Fouling Communities." Sumner Auditorium. 

4 pm: Lecture: " The Subjective Impulse: Wordsworth , Tennyson , 
Dickens." Revelle Formal Lounge. Free. Sponsored by Department of 
Literature. 

7-10 pm: Page One is tbe first place to tum to for info and rap. Located next 
to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 pm. Phone 452-2167. 
Muir Commons. 

8 pm-IZ mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for 
students wbich offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments , and 
activities that encourage interaction . Telephone 452-3092 (evenings) for 
updated program information. 711 Warren Campus. Free. 

Tuesday · 
Burroughs Corporation - Computer Systems: Interviews. For further 

information and to make an appointment contact Career Planning and 
Placement. Bldg. B, Student Center Complex. 

International Rectifier: Interviews. For further information and ·to make 
an appointment contact Career Planning and Placement, Bldg. B, Student 
Center Complex. 

6-7: IS am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting 
meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm. Free. 

9 amoS pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appoint. call 452-
2522. Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 

10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located 
next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 pm. Phone 452-
2167. Muir Commons. 

11-2 pm: CalPIRG has office hours for the students desiring information on 
the many public: interest projects in San Diego and at UCSD. Call 452-4873 for 
any information you need. 

12 noon-I pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informationa l discussion ' 
all must attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located i~ 
conference room at Student Health Center . 

12 noon-I: 30 pm: Sex Clinic. For individuals or couples seeking information 
or counseling about sexual concerns . Hugh Pates, facilitator. Call Yolanda at 
x3490 to sign up . Revelle Counseling Office, at Revelle P rovost's Office. 

12 noon-2 pm: " Faces of Healing" final lecture - "Medicine in the Year 
2000." Speakers will be Renato Dulbecko Ph.D. of Salk Institute, a nobel 
winner; Dr. Maloney - he"d of S.D. Medical Society; and Ted Malnecheck -
Director of the Behavioral Science Institute. TLH 107. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided if desired . For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

2 pm: Good Friday Planning Committee (UCSD Campus Chaplai ns 
Campbell , Atkinson, Burke, Huber, Munn , Kung and Young) . University-
Community Church , 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

2:00 pm: Solid State Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Hans M. Bozler, 
University of Southern Cali fornia . Topic : Solitons &. Surface 
Ferromagnetism in ' He. Location : AP&M 2402. 

2-4 pm: What Can You Do With Your Major? Informal meetings with 
Maxine Bailey, Career Advisor for Engineering and Physical Sciences. Call 
for an appointment to discuss your career related concerns, 452-4390 . 
Location: Third College Provost Office. 

2-4 pm: Humanities and Social Sciences Career AdviSing: An informal 
discussion with Michael Hulfachor, H&SS Career Advisor, concerning 
various career issues. Call 452-3587 for an appointment. Location: Muir Apts . 
Lounge . 

3-4 JIm: . Tes~ Anxiety an~ Stress Reduction Workshop - for students / 
experlencmg hJ~h anxiety IR test taking or social situations. Purpose of 
workshop is to use stress and a nxiety productively. Self-hypnosis will be 
taught during workshop. Facilitators : Hugh P ates and Mike Henry. 
Location: Revelle Counselor's Office. 

3: 30 pm: Student Center Board meeting. Location: AS Conference Room , 
2nd floor Student Center. 

<I pm: Physical Chemistry/Chemical Physics Seminar, Dr. Bruno Zimm 
" Tw' ting and Bending of DNA and Depolarization of Fluorescence" Roo~ 
26~2 SB Revelle. 

4-5 pm: MCAT/ DAT Preparation Course. TLH 104 . 
4-6 pm: Lecture given by Professor Rodolphe Gasche, the John Hopkins' 

Uriversity. " Lautreamont and the Greeks." Lecture will be given in English. 
SpJllSored by the Department of Literature. In ternational Center. Free. 

f· pm: Neurosciences Department Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Gunther S. Stent, 
o p," of Molecular HIOIOgy, tJC Dcrkel". Topic: " Neuronal Generation of a 
Swimming Movemenl." 2100 Basic Science Bldg. 

~-i~m: Ca lPIRG is sponsoring a potluck dinner at the Muir Apt. Lounge. 
PI'Ja e stop by UCSD's CalPIRG office at KSDT in the Student Cente r for 
inta ation or call 452-4873. 

!~6 PlJl i Judo Club Workout. Wres tling Room. 
f: 30 pm: Union of Jewish Students Planning Meeting. Come and express 

YOJI" ideas a nd suggestions for activities and events . All welcome' Student 
Center above EDNA. 

7 pm: Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All a re welcome. 
Student Office, Argo Hall . 

7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info a nd rap . Located next 
to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-1 0 pm. Phone 452-2 167. 
Muir Commons. 

7: 30 pm: A panel discu sion of Bakke vs . Board of Regents . An educational 
panel discussion of Affirmative Action and the history of th ca e of Bakke v . 
Board of Reg nts . University of San Diego, School of Law, More Halle . 

Wednesday 
Control Data Corporation: Interviews . For further information and to make 

an appointment contact Career Planning and Placement, Bldg. B, Student 
Center Complex. 

Montgomery Ward" Co.: Interviews. For further information and to make 
an appointment contact Career Planning and Placement, Bldg. B, Student 
Center Complex . 

6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting 
meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it . For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm . Free. 

'am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers . For appoint. call 452-
2522. Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 

10 am: Assertiveness Training Workshop for Women with Diane Germain. 
Part of the International Women 's Day celebration. North Conference Room. 
Free. 

10 am-IZ noon and Z-4 pm: What Can You Do With Your Major? Informal 
Meetings with Maxine Bailey, Career Advisor for Engineering and Physica l 
Sciences. Call for an appointment to discuss your career related concerns, 
452-4355. 

10 amoS pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap . Located 
next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm on Wednesdays. Phon~ 
452-2167. Muir Commons. 

Noon: UCSDSingle Pa rents Group invites all single parents to comejoin the 
interaction Wednesdays from noon to I pm in Revelle Informal Lounge on 
topics such as 38 Going on 17, Sexuality, Children in Transition, Letting Go of 
the Past, The Dating Game and Sinllie Parenting. Bring a sack lunch . Revelle 
Informal Lounge . Free. 

12 noon: An afternoon of Women's music with Dana and Laura. Part of the 
International Women 's Day celebration. Free popcorn , too! Gym Steps. Free. 

12 noon-I pm: Contracepti ve Education Session: Informational discussion: 
all must attend to receive bIrth control exams. No appt. necessary, located in 
conference room at Student Health Center. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Cente r - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. 

1 pm: Jazz Club meeting . If you care about jazz on campus come (if you 
don' t no one will ). Replace resigning officers. The existence of the club 
depends upon this meeting . East Conferent:e Room, Student Center. 

I: 30 pm: Automotive Workshop for Women. Come learn how your car works 
from Ash and Ane~arie. Part of the International Women 's Day celebration, 
meet a t the fountam. Revelle Plaza. Free. 

2-4 pm: Humanities a nd Social Sciences Career AdviSing - an informal 
discussion with 'Michael Hulfachor, H&'SS Ca reer Advisor , concerning 
various career issues. Ca ll 452-4355 for an a ppointment. Location : Warren 
Provost. 

3 pm: Self-help workshop by Woman Care. Part of the Internationa l 
Women's Day celebration . Revelle Informal Lounge. Free . 

3-5 pm: Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs (Reg Fee) meeting; 
including Budget Analysis and Program Review of all student services and 
programs. Vice-chancellor's Conference Room , Student Center Complex , 
Bldg. B. 

4: 00 pm: Organicl-Inorganic Seminar. Professor William Pryor, Louisiana 
State University - " Radical Production from the Interactions of Closed Shell 
Molecules." Location : HL Auditorium . 

4:00 pm: Colloquium. Speaker: Dr. Willis Lamb, University of Arizona . 
Topic: Multiphoton Dissociation of Polyatomic Molecules . Location: TLH 
104. 

4 pm: Marine Chemistry Section, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
Speaker: Professor Howard Reiss : Derartment of Chemistry, UCLA . 
Subject: "Unfinished business in c1assica thermodynamics." 'Jm Vaughan 
Aq . Museum. 

4-5 pm: HELP, North Conference Room, Student Center. 
6: 00 pm: International Potluck. Bring a dish from your heritage. Part of tlte 

International Women's Day celebration. Student Center Lounge. Free. 
6: 30 pm: AS meeting. Location: North Conference Room, Student Center. 

. 7 pm: The Lor~ would like us to stu~y the scriptures more . Now is a great 
time to start . Jom us today as we begin a study of the New Testament. This 
short time spent in studying the Word of the Lord will uplift you throughout 
the week . At the white house across the street from Tioga Hall . 

7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. Open from 10 
am-5 pm and 7-10 pm on Wednesdays . Located in Muir Commons next to the 5 
and Dime. Phone 452-2167 . 

7-!I pm: Programming Language Clinic - A clinic to provide help for 
students with progra mming language problems. Computer Cia sroom, room 
125, Meida/Communica tions Third College . 

7: 30 pm: Lenten Bible study led by UCSD Campus Pastor John Huber 
(preceded by coffee and dessert) . University-Community Church, 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Drive. 

7: 30 pm: Abortion: Right or Wrong ? The UCSD Human Life Committee 
sponsors a three part discussion of the e thica l aspects of abortion. Fran 
Schroedl presents a woman's view of fetal development and abortion. Burton 
Shamsky (President of Jewish Life Issues Committee and attorney) analyzes 
the legal status. And Joan S. Patton (Registration Fee Trustee) gives her 
views and answers questions . Participants will respond to all audience 
questions. USB 2622. Free. 

I pm: UCSD New Poetry Series Reading: Kenneth Rexroth . Bldg. C, 
Student Center Complex. 

I pm: Teatro Laboral presents an International Women's Day play. 
International Center. Free. 

8 pm-I! mid; The Outbac k Cafe is comfortable gathering place for students 
which offers nightly entertai nment, a variety of refreshments , and activities 
that encourage interaction. Telephone 452-3092 (evenin,s) for updated 
program information . 711 Wa rren Campus. Free. 

!I pm: Wednesday Night Hootenany - a n informal place for musicians to 
perform. To play sign up in Page One or just how up. Come and listen to 
UCSD talent. 5 & Dime, Muir Commons . Free 

Thur ay 
Upjohn Corporation: further information and to make an 

appointment contact Career and Placement, Bldg. B, Student 
Center Complex . 

6-'7: IS am: Meditation Celll8l.rovid,es a setting for silent sitting 
meditation. Instruction prov who desire it . For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm. Free. 

t am-Il am: Programm Clinic - a clinic to provide help for 
students with programming . Computer Classroom, room 
125, /~(~;Tt~~~~~~~i~~ I ... ,eg~ . !lam-S pm: 
2522. Location: 1254 

UHZ am: What Can r Major? Informal meeting with 
Maxine Bailey, Career Aa·VISI)r ... in,~er·j n2 and Physical Sciences . Call 
for an appointment to career related concerns, 452-3490 . 
Location: Warren Provost 

10 amoS pm: Page One is to tum to for info and rap . Located 
next to the Muir 5 and Dime. 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 pm. Phone 452-
2167. Muir Commons. 

11: 30 am: Meeting of the Physics Students . Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 

12 noon: AMES 205, Series - "Surface Tension in Fluid 
Mechanics ." 7104 Urey Hall. 

Noon: Bernhard Batschelet I. Flute Music . Mandeville Alcove. 
Free. 

K. Wal 

The alloted space given Dear Koala: I thought K. 
this koalumn is rap i Iiy was an alternative 
shrinking due to the enc nsportation ambassador. 
ment of the trivialities come I still have a terrible 
remainder of this page. me finding a · ride from Del 
is little we can do but sigh Mar? What about the Van 
make priorities . Hence ... MOLor pool that I heard about 

K. Wally: This lener _,·:-tr ,,,pr this year? Show us your 
thank you deeply for Ift .... ~11I1I 
down the facts about The Helical One 
Winne, Jr. and the Dear Semi Precious Helix: 
Plaza burning. Andy Schneider, my guardian 
may argue about the and Cather figure , says that I 
for and the effectlvenss of support the petition that the AS 
Incident, It is Imperative 
we do recognize its eXlste!. 
which has been ignored for 
Ion,. This article should 
required reading for e 
UCSD student, present 
fUIure, to remind us that 
is more to life (and death) 
papers and finals, and 10 
PUI the UCSD experience ia 
proper perspective. 

Martin J. McVeigh, David 
Voth, Burton H. . 

Steven D. Simon, .... ,"I .. ~' 
Lipson, David 

. . .. .. .. 

To list your activi 
in the campus ca 
dar as well as 
Triton Times' W 
On, please subm 
your information 
EDNA, the 
Information 
bySpmon 
Calendar forms 
available at EDNA, 

........ 

12: 00 noon: Spea ker: Dr. M. Poo,'UC Irvine . Topic: Receptor Movements in 
Cetl Membranes; Electrophoresis and Diffusion. Location: MH 3405. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided if desired . For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free . 

2-3 pm: Progressive Coalition open office - come lea rn about our slate for 
the AS election (there are still some slots left) , our petition campaign, help 
shape our plaUorm , or just talk. We 're behind the CIEE Office (around the. 
corner in the Student Center) . Progressive Coalition Office. 

2-4 pm: Humanities and Social Sciences Career Advising: An informaJ 
discuss ion with Michael Hulfachor, H&SS Career Advisor, concerning 
various ca reer issues . Call 452-4390 for an appointment. Location : Third 
Provost. . 

3: 30-4: 30 pm: Weight Management Group - for any student who wants to 
modify his / her lifestyle for max imum health, productivity and happiness. 
Group focuses on: 1) changing eating habits, not dieting; and 2) developing 
deciSIOn power ra ther than will power. Facilitator; Diane Evans . Call Becca 
a t 452-3755 to sign up. 412 Warren Campus. 

4:00 pm: Astrophysics-Space PhYSICS Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Michael 
Lampton, UC Berkeley. Topic: Low Energy X-Ray Observation with HEAO 1. 
Location: USB 2622. 

4-6 pm: Lecture by Professor Timothy Reiss, University of Montreal, 
sponsored by the Department of Literature . " Tragedy and Truth ." 
Internationa l Center. 

5-6 pm: Judo Club Workout. Wrestling Room . 
5-7 pm: Reception for the painter Tom Wudl will highlight the showing of 

Wudl's decorative works which will be on di splay through Friday, March 24 in 
the Mandeville Art Gallery. 

5: 30 pm: Women 's Center general meeting , all women welcome. Women's 
Center. 

6 pm: Bicycle maintenance class - taught by ace mechanic. Learn to fix 
your own wheels! and gears a nd brakes. etc. Bike Shop. Free. 

6-8 pm: Surf Club meeting. APM 2250. 

is proposing to encourage the 
San Diego Transit system and 
the City of Del Mar to increase 
bus service during the evenings 
and weekends. It would cost. a 
meager 9000 dollars . The 
service commences the begin-
ning of the coming year and 
there will be four vans in the 
fleet. Two of the vans will be 
equipped for those who are 
phy s icall di sa dvantaged . 
There is one catch , however; 
the vans will only be for those 
who live more than twenty 
miles Crom here . Contact the AS 
should you desi re to sign the 
petition. 

Dear Kind Kola Koala : 
Where is the Mandeville Art 
Gallery , the one that even 
EDNA has a hard time finding? 
I hear they have fascinatiag 
exhibits, 

Jerry McAlister 
Dear Jerry : The Mandeville 

Art Gallery is located in the 
Western most portion of the 
ground level layer of the 
Mandeville Center. Simply find 
the western most orifice on the 
ground level and 10 k for a sign . 

Dear K. Wally: In light of the 
controversy over the renaming 
of Fourth College, I re -
commend that, when and if a 
fifth college Is established at 
UCSD, it be named "John and 

Jane Doe College." The past 
historie~ of Jane and John Doe, 
being unknown , cannot be 
objectionable. The name 
cannot be considered discrimi-
natory toward any minority 
group, since no one is actually 
named Jane or John Doc. 
Finally for obvious reasons, the 
name cannot be considered 
sexist. What is your opinion? 
-Center (or Creative Nurdism 

Dear CNN revisited : We 
prefer OWIL College , Owil 
being a n acronym for One Who 
Is Loved. Note that this 
acroynm makes an excellent 
replacement for the sexist 
pronouns (he, she, his, hers), 
extant in the English language . 
We encourage its use because it 
is far less sterile than many of 
the current attem pts at not 
uttering the sexist elements of 
the langua ge we love, honor 
a nd obey. 

Our space is s hrinking but we 
still urg e you to send us 
questions a nd comments. Send 
'em to the Triton Times c/o us 
at 8 -016 Student Center. Dear 
Sion , your parthenophiliac 
tendencies will be pic ked up 
next time , as will the other 
Questions that were .passed by 

' this week . We apologize but the 
space Corbids it. Love ya . 

' .... 

6: Jd pm: UCSD Muir Outing Club presents a lecture and slide show on 
Wilderness education with an emphasis on Baja California, beln, given by 
Kent Madin of the Boujum Institute. H.L. Auditc,rium. Free. 

7 pm: Public lecture by painter Tom Wudl about his creative life and 
philosophy. 103 Mandeville Center. 

7 pm: Meeting of the UCSD Spanish Club. Revi!lIe Informal Lounge. 
7-9 pm; Health Sciences General Orientation Mteting: Medical and Dental 

schools - Where to Apply? 1330 H&'SS . 
7-10 pm: Film Series - documentary film about political and ~ultural 

situations ill various countries. USB 2722 . Free. Sponsored by Committee for 
World Democracy. 

7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located next 
to the Muir S and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 pm. Phone 452-2167. 
Muir Commons. 

7: 30 pm and 9: 30 pm showings: Film: "Escape Under Sail:' - a feature 
length sailing film about a dream voyage to the South Seas In search of a 
ropical paradise. USB 2722, UCSD. Admission: $2.00 students; $l .5O general 
ublic. This is a benefit for the UCSD Sailing Team . 
8 pm: Debate between Consumer Federation Graduate School of Business 

- should government controls over energy be limited? Salomon Lecture Hall, 
USD. Free. 

8 pm: Geology Seminar, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. Speaker; J . 
Saleeby , University of California at Berkeley. Subject; " Ocean Floor 
Deformation and Sedimentation Along the Kings-Kaweah Ophiohte Belt, 
Sierra Nevada ." IGPP Conference Room . 

8 pm-12 mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for 
students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments and 
activities that encourage interaction. Telephone 452-3092 (evenings) for 
updated program information. 7I1 Warren Campus. Free. 

8: 30 pm: Dr. Michael Dean Ph.D., the world 's foremost hypnotist will 
return again to amaze, amuse and thoroughly astound us all! Sponsored by 
University Events and ASPECT. Tickets on sale at the box office. Prices: 
students $1.00, general admission 11.50. Location: Revelle Cafeteria. 

Friday 
The Broadway Department Stores: Interviews. For further information 

and to make an apPOintment contact Career Planning and Placement, Bldg. 
B, Student Center Complex . 

6-7: IS am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting 
meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it . For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm. Free. 

9 amoS pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers . For appoint. call 452-
2522. Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 

10 am-12 noon : What Can You Do With Your Major? Informal meetings with 
Maxine Bailey. Career Advisor for Engineering and Physical Sciences. Call 
for an appointment to discuss your career related concerns, 452-3490. Revelle 
Provost. 

10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. Located 
next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm on Fridays. Phone 452-
2167. Muir Commons. 

Noon: Biochemistry Seminar, Professor James Coward , Pharmacology 
Dept. , Yale Univ. " Methylase Models ; Steric Constraints and Modes of 
Catalysis." Location: 2100 BSB. 

12:05 pm: Marine Biology Seminar, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
Speaker : Dr. Patricia Kremer, Hancock Foundation, U.S.C. Subject: 
"Ecology of the Ctenophore Mnemipsis Leidyi in Marragansett Bay, Rhode 
Island." 4500 Marine Biology Bldg. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting meditation. 
Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

4-6 pm: Lecture by Professor Timothy Reiss, University of Montreal, 
sponsored by the Department of Literature. " The Solutions of Signing." 
International Center. 

5-12 pm: Need a quiet, supportive place to study on Friday nights? Students 
for Supportive Allopathic Study (SSAS) will open Garren Auditorium, BSB 
1105. to all UCSD students as a study hall on Friday from 5 pm to midnight. All 
are welcome. BSB llOS. 

7 pm and 9; 30 pm: Friday Night Movie - " Man Who Would Be King." USB 
2722. Admission: $1.25 . Sponsored by Univer ity Evens. Two showings. 

7: 30 pm: Alpha Omega Alliance - The Ascended Masters ' Teachings on 
higher consciousness will be discussed . Muir Bio Bldg. Room 1103. Free. 

7: 45-11 pm: "Getting High Naturally" , an experiential program sponsored 
by the National Center for the Exploration of Human Potential. Led by Dr. 
Bruce Meyer, Director of Training. Call 459-2785 for information. 6163 La Jolla 
Scenic Dr., South, La Jolla . Price 56.00. 

Saturday 
6-7: IS am : Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting 

meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm. Free. 

10 am: Bicycle ride . Twenty to {ourty miles easy to medium pace - for 
everyone who loves cycling. Meet at the Bike Shop at 10 am. 

S pm: Catholic Mass - following mass wine and cheese and hort film . 
University Community Church. 

5-12 pm: Need a quiet place to study Saturday night? Students for 
Supportive Allopathic Study, a student organization open to all UCSD 
students, will open Garren Auditorium BSB l10S as a study hall on Saturday 
from 5-12 pm. All are welcome. BSB 11OS. 

8 pm: Sonor - Contemporary Music. Sherwood Hall , La Jolla . General 
admission : $3.00, students and seniors: $1.80. 

8: 30 pm-IZ midnight: Revelle Harbor Cruise - Sponsored by HPA and for 
all students . Dance qn a boat that cruises around UJe barbor. Price $3.00 per 
person. Location: San Diego. 

9 pm-IZ midnight: Last Chance Dance- final Student Center dance rn Bldg. 
C prior to the " Restaurant Opening." Free. 

Sunday 
6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provide a ettlng for silent sitting 

meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm . Free. 

8: 30 am: Catholic Mass - University Community Church. 
10 am: Lutheran Worship Service (pa tor John Huber) . Choir will sing , 

"Surely He Has Born Our Griefs," directed by Ph.D. candidate Deborah 
Kava ch. University Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

10: 30 am: Catholic Mass - North Conference Room, Student Center. 
IZ: 03 pm: Epi copal Eucharist Ma s . Univer ity-Community Church, 9595 

La Jolla hores Drive. 
S pm: Catholic Mass - University' C)mmunity Church. 
7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. Located next 

to the Muir 5 and Dime . Open from 7-10 pm on Sundays. Phone 452-2167. Muir 
Commons. 

7: 30 aDd . : 30 pm: Feature movie "Escape Under Sail" produced by Carl 
Begrich . Sponsored by the InlercQlle&lat.e Sal Un, team. USB 2722 
Admission: 12.00 students, $3.00 general. 

8 pm: Sam Hinton sings " Song of truggle" at Revelle Cafeteria . 
8 pm-I! midnight: The Outback Cafe I a comfortable KIiL"'ering place fo. 

student which offers nighUy entertainment, a variel of refreshments ar d 
activities that encourage interaction. Telephone 452·3092 (eveningsi lor 
updated program information . 711 Warren ampus. Free. 



~ ($3.94/hour) 
~ A~licants must be registered students, have ~ 
: an overall ~ollt:ge GPA of 3.0 or better (and: 
: have an estabhshed UCSD GPA), and have: 
· guod grades in Math 2A, B, C, D, or E or any: 
: upper division Math courses. Applications are: 

~ available on tJte top floor of AP&M. Se-: ~ 
: lected graders will be contacted early in . : 
: the quarter. i 

~ .STUDENTS · WHO HAVE GRADED i 
: BEFORE MUST APPLY AGAIN AT: 
~ THIS TIME. 
· . 
.............. ! ~,u..LI....t..LI...LI 1..' ~ •••• t" t ••• ~ •• t..t..l..l, •••••••••• 

••••••••••••••••••• 
. -- . . ••• ...... •• 11D' § ••• 

•• ~£§Tl?4 '-f) •• 
.. : &l~. \ .: (;;\t~ : •• 
: ~~ ~ : 

· • Your daytiine • 
• Laach Served MIXologist . • 

. : 11:30 a.m. Warren Hlggln. : 
• to 2:00 p.m. --- 10 • 
• -opea a .•. 
• Try Chef Gene'. to 2 a.m. : 
• dally.pedal. Alwaye pia,... • 
• DIDDer SenIecI rec:ordIage 01 the • 
: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. BIg Band Era. : 
• Featudag PrIme", 454-2313. 
• Steak and Safood. - ~. 11. • 
• 1II't~ • 

• c.:;;> • 
........ ~ ........... ~ .... . 

•...............•...... ~ .....•.....•.......... ~ 

: UCSD Second Annual : 
i Ballroom Dance Club ~ 
• • 

: Dinner Dance : 
: Date: Saturday, March 11 : 
: TIme: 7 pm : 
: Place: San Diego Hilton Hotel : 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 

• • 
• • 

LIVE MUSIC & 
ENTERTAINMENT: 

: Cost: $9.00 per person : 
• • 
: Reservations now being token at the : 
: Recreation Gym OffIce : 
: Recreational Athletics. • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••• ! ••••••••••••••••••••• ~ 

Worlel's Foremost HYPlloti.tll 
ThurMay, March 9, 8:30 pm 

Revelle Cafeteria 
UCSD Student. $1.00, G.A. $1.50 

UCSD Box Office .. 52-4559 

1IoncIIr, IIarctI I, 1171 

Concert scene 
Cal Jam to feature top stars 

by Tim Mackenzie 
Arts Editor 

The foll~wing month will bring an all-star 
roster of rock concerts to the San Diego area. 
hiazhlighted by the California Jam at the Ontario 
Motor Speedway on Sunday. March 18. 

California Jam 2 features Aerosmith, Ted 
Nugent, Foreigner, Heart. Dave Mason, Bob 
Welch, Santana and Rubicon. Tickets to the 
Jam are $12.50 in advance and $17.00 the day of 
the show. 

material off of the Heroes and Low albums. His 
band will be comprised of George Murray on 
bass, Dennis Davis on drums, Stacy Heydon on 
guitar. Simon House on electric violin, Shaun 
Mayes on keyboards and Roger Powell (of 
Utopia) on synthesizer. 

War headlines a concert at the Sports Arena 
on March 15. Also on the bill is Tower of Power. 

The concert begins at 10 am and should 
continue past 10 pm. Gates will open at 3 pm on 
Saturday. Initial report indicate that over 
100.000 tickets to the Jam have already been 
sold. 

And if that is not enough, David Bowie, the 
most dynamic performer of the 70s, will begin 
his first U.S. tour in two years on March 29 at the 
San Diego Sports Arena . Tickets go on sale 
tomorrow. Bowie will also appear at the Forum 
in Los Angeles on April 3 and 4. 

Nazareth. the powerful rock band from 
Scotland, has cancelled its San Diego concert 
date. It's been a tough winter for Nazareth. 
First, they Were snowed in for five straight days 
in South Bend. Indiana. Then lead singer Dan 
McCafferty hit a slick spot onstage and went 
down with two torn Achilles tendons . He 
continues, though, with the help of crutches. 

Bowie will probably perform much of the 

The Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra , 
conducted by Zubin Mehta, will perform Music 
from Outer Space in a special concert at 
Anaheim Stadium on Saturday, April 1. The 
music will feature the Suite from Star Wars . 
Close Encounters. 2001 . and the Planets. Special 
guest star for the show is William Shatner. 

Sidney Harth: "a total 'musician" 
"Who is Sidney Harth? " 
He is a fine violinist and 

conductor. an active partici. 
f~ 'ham'" m...,i,. a~; 

soloist for the upcoming 
concert of the La Jolla 
Civic/University Symphony," 
answers Glenna Hazelton. the 
symphony's committee chair-
person. 

Harth. who will be heard on 
March 18 and 19 in the 
Beethoven Violin Concert with 
Thomas Nee, the orchestra's 
music director. is that rare 
commodity - a total musician. 
Since his appointment as 
concertmaster and associate 
conductor of the Los Angeles 
Philharmonic. Harth has been 
appreciated by critics and 
audiences as one of the city's 
most versatile performers. In 

the New Yorker. eminent critic 
Winthrop Sargent wrote : 
" Harth is in danger of becom-
ing my favorite performer in 
his field. If finer violin playing 
is being done nowadays 
anywhere, I have not heard it. 
Mr. Harth is more than a 
viOlinist; he is an artist." 

Harth has also found time in 
his busy scheduJe to make 
numerous recordings. They are 
available on the Iramac . 
London , Vanguard. and 
Musical Heritage Society 
labels. 

The remainder of the pro-
gram will be devoted to the 
ballet music to "Petroushka" 
by Stravinsky - one of the 
pivotal works of the 20th PRECISION cunlNG 

SKINCARE 
.IULUET MANICURING 

, The RIVIIII Side DDIr century. Even before " The Rite 
prIIIIIb of Spring" it was "Petroushka " 

A complete Redken Salon The Beatles that marked the beginning of the composer's maturity. 
Both performances are to be 

3151 HoI .... -Ct. in held in UCSD's Mandeville 
.... y Auditorium . The March 18 

. Right by La .Iolla Village Inn uA Hard Day's ...... " concert will begin at 8 pm; the 
45'"0610 51" M h 10% OfSCOtJNT arc 19 concert at 3 pm. 

ON SEAVICES • JIll! T .... IIIn:It 7 Each quarter. the members 
(. Wllh :'Iudenl or ~atIJlI~ 10 VG'. Donut fItI!!! of the UCSD Music Depart-~ or 4.- menl's 201 class show their Brong Ihll ad IS coupon .............. II1II wares in a public performance, i~~·~~~~~~~~: ~~.~~~;~~;~;;~-;~ this time to be held in Mande-

..... You hypOCrite, youl You t.lk .bout hum.n right. In 
the USSR. Why don't you .tart here with the human 
rights of the Wilmington 101" 

- Rep. Parren J. Mitchell 

FREE 
THE 10 

Slide show: "The Wilmington 10" 
followed by a speech and d'scu,,'on. 
Tues., March 7, 1978. 7:30 pm at the 
International Center, UCSD. Free. 
NAARPR International Cent., 

. 

ville Auditorium Thursday. 
March 9 at 8 pm. 

Monder. Merch I, 1171 triton times 

triton classifieds 
housing wanted CLAIIIFl£D~: Cull paid '''' coiJIa. c .... riIIp. jew.lry. donul ~ ..... ,... I·-I. • 28c1rm. dolu.Condo ' ....... lor ..... _alTlODth. ,old aterl '."and-I_U.s.SII •• rcoina. Ken75f. N __ ...... ; I.... _ . Iu ' .Ca~-~- . ... ~-~. r_ -= free ... __ ",.. \III r .. ~ .~d. 21~m""'7; 71f_Z34I ISIIO) nTl 1417) 

oW -- Me: W_ ..... Sale. Travel. _ .... te w_ted. ma ... Spri .. QIr. to allan DOW NodeII/Na". GOOd 1liiY ,or III. n,hl per .... . Send ......... -_ ... 1.-& ... _ . 
y_ .. ..., ... __ .. 1M _.. 2 ...... , ..-. Own rm . • ~ Nth . ....... DO... ph Olo PO Bo. 1865 I.. JoII_ 12031 !l/ l ) 

_ ....... _ ... __ ......... aIIlce" ......... , .IG.5I ..... ..-. (415) 
lIicrocomputer _..-no... ..no _ by 
letUa, u. market your prOlnm • . ADY t)'pe 
PI"OI'ram on aly .,-.em. COeUacI jobI avallab&e. Alan __ IJ/241 

Z,.. ..... -.,-,_ ...... _ .. , _te ................... Nira - . 11 .1_111 
0Ike -- ....... .-..... -.", • II1II , Own room 271-1121 (3/1) I .... II·' -., ........ r..,.. 

personals 
Baja N .... ~ C ........ lIIa Sea oICo_. I-
claYI. M .... """. I _ , CeoIact: ... Rollop 11M 
HH._CJlltI 
MAN MOTH R£:IITAI. Ski C"'''t I ...... 10. 3 
blocks lrom llao 7 •• Try 10 p\loD y ..... tnp 3 10 • 
weeki: ... eeI m ....... m Skiinclllouki be I~at Ihm 
May Call DotIc 171., 541-5222 or 171.1 TlH&71 13111 

WORK IN JAPAN! T_ EacIloII ..... rution. 
No e. periooce. dol ... or J __ requlrocI. Send 
ion,. lumped . ..,11·._ eavel_'or dotau.. 
Japan - 1M, 4" W. Center. Cenlralla . WA 9IS3l 
13161 

Intemat'! Women'. Day is Mardi I lee calenda rfor 
ume. aad places or eventl, Celebrate womena: ' 
achlevemenu. C3/6) 

90'1. of jobl are Dever advert1led. We'll tell you how 
to lind them NId write til reauIM that will ,el 
in terviews Cover JeUera, quality prinliol . 
..... "nably priced. VISA/NC. N.w Directions 
Resumel. ~. ~ '" SII) 
Take I .tudy b","k!! See " A Hlrd DaY '1 Nipt" 
T .... "'"rll pm al 11>0 R ••• II. Side Door. VG_I 
nll.e' , 

Dear Pammy alias Pameia Lynn. Maul Toy on 
your ItIII binllday! (J/Il 

services 
n ..:sEARCH PAPERS - T",,"IIIIIIII 00 fI .. 12.1$ 
per pale. OriJlllJIl reM .. rch allO avetilablv. end 
II 00 lor cau"" NATIONAL RESEARCH 1_ 
\\01 hi,.. no, 21. LA 90024. 12131 47t-10IMi. 131171 

PRO n :SS IO N A l. TH ESIS / M A N USCR I PT 
TVPI G' Experienced: tlIorou,bly .amlliar WIth 
"II fo rm I: .ty~ requlremenll Rush,ooc accepted 
IBM Correctln, Seloctrlc II Iypewrller, Day _ 
:t.111, eye. ,....2M7, (lit) 

Profe sional Typinc . Realonat.le Rate. JtJM 
Correctln, Selectric. Call (or Free Estimate Gni! 
,1I ·1S4Q "/I, 
Typlot: IBII Seloctrlc II . did_pilon .... dable. 
Ve ry rellonlble rate , _ 411 -2113 , 13/" 

NEED A TYPIST' R .... nab .. rate. SPEEDY 
SE RVJCE IBM Jelr-correctina. Kathie 2J&-.t2tt 
after 12 00 noon lSi 17. 

TYPlna-lelrcotTectl.nl IBM selectric tenn papen, t 
IheRs, etc. experienced 45%-1511 evenllll' (II It) 
TYPING I 18N s. .... ,.;c lenn po""rs. 11>0 .... PhD. 
dlu"rtauOlll. «liunp. RUSH JOBS · 453-G65A._ 
'171 , _36. 452· ISII ~1I1) 

TYPtn,-Marll)'n 'Mould lite 10 tuUiJI your I),pin, 
needs~xprrt. I"f'asonable. bdJ l 8M . Ca ll 21'O-tT.I 
(3' 17) 
Tutonni-Caiculul. Algebra, Trll Anal (Ge<Hn.L 
Phy. ics , Stalistlcs Ca ll IIh 217 -4751 (5/ 241 

TYIJInI-cxpcnenced. reliable. rea onable IBM 
Correcting Selt:<:trlt, Call a nyume 45.5-8127 M rI. 
C,d •. (6/9) 

Election .... 
(Continued from page 3) 
proposing affirmative action by 
the city to increase the amount 
of moderate-cost housing 
a vailable in the community. 

The advisory measure on the 
I Tuesday ballot will give the city 

council guidance in developing a 
moderate-cost housing plan. 

A YES vote on all rour 
alternatives will demonstrate 
your commitment to the concept 
of providing such housing. A 
YES vote will - also give the 
council the f1exl bility they will 
need to develop a plan that bas a 
meaning rul impact on the 
problem. 

I urge you to re-elect John 
Weare and Nancy Hoover and to 
vote YES on aU four methods for 
providing moderate -cost 
housing. 

Your vote on Tuesday will 
make a difference. 

. TOM SHEPARD 

'reaunft Need Help' 
Mollie a dedlion loth You 

and Your "by can he with. 
Free Coal'llelinlancl Aid 
P.".l.r.l. __ HOTUNl S8HIFE 

rC\·~"-""""""'''~·· '''··'''''''_''''''''A ...... tt 

.l COMMUNI'I' Yf 
:iBLOODBANK( 
, 983Indl. , 
; 327 FS.,nt I 

~ PAYSDONORS ( 
f for Service I_ 
f Mon. - Fri. 
1 233-5411 i '-'-_ ....... !~:~~~~~_~J 

SIlo ... II nn In II 2 br apt. C_ Ie ......... ' PeoI . 
J ...... lame rm. Aval .. bIe April , I. mo . .... , ..... 
MIl (31131 

..... _te 'or spoi .. Qtr. _ . Rent .110. 
utllltl ... N .... _ .. , 7$&._ (SIll) 
_te waalad. own ....... SoIaaa _ . /ilardi 
N-June , • . "IJI .•• utilities, 4II· ItII7, (31It1 
F ....... ..-nate _ own"""" aDd Nth '1. 
aDd ~ utli .. PH apt. call ~ at __ or 212. 
2711 (Sill) 

female needed: Sha~ la,..e room In [)el Mar 
""mouth. Utili.Je. : , ... electric approx: 
I3lmontll. PIIooe: yourown -depoR ..... beUaed 
lor lasl 1Il00111'1 ..... t. Pool , walk 10 beaCh, SUrt 
"ncb », throuth IUmmer aDd next year if )'ou 
wut tOllay. Rent will not 10 up. Cau Celyor Anaal 
4I1·74e even/ ... Coly W ·31!G ~Reli.trar) ; .~. 
1171 even/ .... ~SIIO) 

for sale 
1175 Hoada XLI1$: new in7/7t._milH •• xcollent 
.ondltlon . 1525 . cIIi Erl. fll · 135t (JII ) 

PeuetOl ... Ped .. mi.. I 'I' old, P75 or b8t oIfer . 
Howard __ ,. /5) 

~~l:le~:;r a'.;-a':W~rd"'~1:i ~u:: 

Brain W.vel Waated • • ubjecU 'Wuted for EEG 
•• P8rirne ... IIIIIIt· ... _ rna ... a .. t_, Call 
De_ "_ or come by BSB room _ tor appt 

~J") 

Eathu.ilulc people wanted to particJpate 
(lUllbr) In _ EEG 1tIIdl .. al UCSD limed 
.t uadentandln, how the bra iD proceliU 
inform.ti .... Call W ·37Y/ lor Ippointment 

lost" found 
_ ......... n .. lke: 
..... Ie Gno4Ir Aaalyllo 
Ta,lniooAlo"'" 
.......... lily ... S<tlistk. tad &I. 
A PrI-. 01 Oper .. , C_itloolo. 
A aw&1II111OrY 01 Alri<. (,. ..... ) 
ne_tWonlqC_) 
ne &..:...,.,ww .... ry (_rl 
Sloe .. ,... 81 ___ _ 

RboIMotllec_ 
GrenCIMm_ 
Oro.,., .. -.. 
W ...... •• Ir'fftIlwacer. 0 .-~ ... I_ealer 

travel 
BOOK ON CAMPUS: Eu""",. Hawa" and New 
York Cbarter Flllhta. ClEE Siudent Travel Siudenl 
Center 11-023. Open weekdays 12-4, Call '52-06311 

AROUND THE WORLD 
IN MANY WA YS/ 

Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 5000 
charters listed, escorted tours, air/sea 
cruises, mini vacations. 
Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

. .. Client Protection 
United California Traveline. Inc. 

XEROX COPIES 
MIRAMAR COPY SHOP 

NO MINIMUM 
· ............... . 

· . 

: Student rates : 
: . 3¢/copy : 
· . ' ...............•. 

CORNER OF 
BLACK MTN.' 
MIRAMAR RD. 

OPEN SIX DAYS 

Janice's 

M·F 1:30·5:30 
SAT ' :00· ':00 

Phone 

578-2320 

Hair Garden Special 
Men's Haircuts - Only S8 

_1«', s.I<>N: 
110 E. w....." ..... HIIkrrJl 
197-IJMJ , 
J17 .",,,.1 Aw, 
e",. "" .. 41&-18JJ 10,,, s.JolfJ opnt 

all hair services 
with Student ID 

and this ad 

JMw', Hei, Ge,'" 
11j() ProJ{l«'I 

!ric K". f'Ie.e. l..tI Jol. 
4J4-J()17 

Rei. 510 

Featuring: 
OMELE II ES FRESH FLOWERS 
CREPES ICE CREAM 
BAKED GOODS 

Our Bakery Chef has prepared a varied menu featuring crepes 
and omelettes to complement our home bakery. 

421 Wat B Street, Sa. Dieso 
At tile comer 01 State'" B St. 

PRE-DENTS 
Even the tooth fairy needs help! 

Get the edge on your competition on the D.A.T . with our 41h 
day D.A.T. Review Seminar. Our students average D.A.T. 
scores of over 6 academic and over 7 p .m .a . t . For 
information on our our seminars for the April D.A. T . call: 
(213) 886-4468. or write: 9801 Balboa Blvd., Northridge. Calif. 
91325. 

N.tlon.' Lawyera Guild. Third World Ln Student. Coalition. Student B., Auoc:. 
p,.Mflt. 

Bakke v. Bd. of Regents 
A Panel DllCUMlon 

MIc"' •• WMhlngton - Netlon8l Conference Bleck uwy ... 
M.rIc R_lleum - .""rIc:8n eMI LlbertM. Union iii 
Prot. Elwood H.'n - Auoc:. D •• n USD School 0' LIIw 

Tuesday. March 7 ~ 
University of San Diego S D 

More Hall 
7:30 pm 

Further Info: 291-6480 exl. 4342 

ha~ a Dellial Gd»1IP 
attlt.e 
~tudeq1: Healtlt. &ql.ef'"' 

wit It. 
8tudeqj lbate~ 

• EXAMINJ\TIONS 
• DEN:! At- WO~ 
• HYGIENJ3TS 

ate availabl fOl 
cleaI\J.ng t 'edt 

.MONDAY THRU FRIDAY 
8:00 A.M. TO 4:00 P.M. 

Phone 452·2080 
How long Iua it been nnef! You'~ wen a DmIUt 



MondIIy, M" I, 1.71 

--MUCSD~-"'~---~~ CSDH tops UCSD &7 
CATHOLICCawAuNITY I Badminton drops close match 
Weekend Mass Schedule - , 

, The UCSD badminton team took three of its four matches, Fried, the number twoplayer, 
Sat: 5 pm at Chare" t loat ita first match of the season looked the strongest (or the dropped a close match, 12-10,8-
S.: 1:31 .. at Chureb t to Cal State, Dominguez Hills Tritons. Sophomore Mark 11 and 11-6. Fried, along with 

10:30 am at No ..... Conlennee Room ~ last Thursday, by the . close Standlee, for instance, won his Harry Yen, lost another tight 
Stud ... t Ceatel t score of 1-7. siqles match by the lopsides match in mixed doubles, 10-15, 

D . 5 pili at Cb~ Accordin2 to coach Fred scores of 15~ and 15-3. 18-15 and 18-16. t S . Church - 959S La Jolla Shores Drive t Koch, men's sln,les, which In women's' Ahlng with Fried, other 
I Thl ••• eek In sports women players for UCSD _~~_~"~~~-.~~~--1. S ... include Carol Steinberg, the 

top-seeded player, Jane 
Orbuck, Trang Nguyen and 
Karen Hermans. The men team 
members include Joe Starvish, 
Pablo Lucero, Mark Zoller. 
Standlee and Yen. 

Support: 
• Student services 
• Improved transit 
• Fiscal responsibility 
• Environmental 

concerns 

• Moderate income housing 
RE-ELECT 

JOHN WEARE· 
-Endorsed by League of Conservation Vo&ers 

Del Mar CUy Council Election Tomorrow, Marcb 7 

Mon Mar 6 
Tu .. Mar 7 

Wed Mar 8 

Women'. Batk.tbeH at Palomar 
Men'. VolI.ybell VB Grossmont 
WOI1Ien'. Tenn .. at SDSU 
Women'. Softbell VB USIU 
M.n'. T.nnl. vs SO City College 
B.dmlnton.at SO Mesa College 

Thul'S Mar 9-11 Men'. Swimming in NAIA 

Frt Mar 10 

Sat Mar 11 

Sun Mar 12 

Championships at Lewis-Clark 
College 

M.n'. VolI.ybell at Cal Poly 
Pomona 

Women'. Tennl. vs Biola 
Women'. Ba.ketball v. 
Gro •• mont 

Fencing in Women's WIFe at 
Stanford 

Golf in All-Cal at Santa Barbara 
Wom.n'. Rugby vs SF Valley 
Men'. Volleybell at CS 
Northridge 

Men', Rugby vs CS Dominguez 
Hills 

Track in Kingsmen Relays at 
1000 Oaks 

Men'. Tennl. vs Claremont-
d 

4:30 pm 
7:30 pm 

Spm 
· 3 pm 
4pm 
4pm 

All Day 

7:30 pm 

2pm 
4:30 pm 

All Day 

All Day 
11 am 

7:30 pm 

1 pm 

10 am 

9am 

The Earl Warren College Residence Hall Program 
Announces 

Applications Are A vaila~le 
for 

1978-1979 Student Resident Advisor positions 
Resident Advisors perform advising, programming and administrative 
duties in the eight Warren College residence halls and receive credit for 
a single room and full boord for the academic year. Referral slips (Job 
no. 594) are llvailable throDgh- March - /5. 1978 at the Student 
Employment Office. For more information, can .. 52-.4SS1 day., or "52-
3172 eyenin . 

Wednesday, the Tritons 
travel to Mesa College. After 
that, their next match isn't until 
Grossmont College, here on 
April 5. 

Housing •.. 
(Continued from page 1) 
want to rent. In addition, the 
argument that the matter 
should be decided on a local, not 
state, basis is advanced. 

" The bill would be opposed by 
any community that , as a 
whole, doesn 't want to see low-
cost housing or the political 
changes that come with an 
influx of students," said Issac. 
"By preventing students (rom 
entering a community in any 
way you can insure given 
political benefits . Housing 
discrimination is such a way." 

Coordinator ... 
(Continued from page 3) 
have been highly attended . 
Friday Night Fever, held in 
Feburary, drew a standing 
room only crowd. 

Snow at UCSD 
Each with a different band 

and theme, Days on the Green 
have become an ongoing 
traditional activity at Muir. In 
December over 1,000 students 
turned out for a party in the 
snow with twenty five tons of 
ice trucked into lower Muir 
Commons . 
........... 

.. Hoppy8-day Pomhl-

............ 

DRESSY OR DRESSED UP CASUAL 

,---

'I'll .".: ... .. 
If "U"I,I,· f" HU ... ' 

'ft" ,,, 1l, · I, · ~ 'flul "-If IIi,'." 
.. ,HI,.,. -,-,"'·"'ff;,."" ,,,, 

iii. 

!OUTtlIlAY ~A l~ IQUAI'I. FA8HION VALUY 
p_WIIY ~II C<lU.lo. GI'IOvt T~"~ 
GI'IOSIMONT elM"'" !'loUlI CAMINO ""AL LeI_ 
LOll CEMlTQa MIT ....... T!!'" ~TIMIU..MALL 
FOX Hk.!.. IIIIIU. WIlT COV_ GLINDALE GALLE ...... 


