
Voting begins tomorrow for AS posts 
Candidates give views at campaign forum ' 

by Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor 

Five of the six candidates for AS President 
and three of the six candidates for AS Vice-
president got together last Thursday night at a 
KSDT ICalPIRG-sponsored Election Forum to 
tell their audience - both on KSDT and at the 
forum - why they shouid be elected to office. 

For the past two-and-one-half weeks, 32 
candidates for 11 AS offices have been telling 
UCSD students about their qualifications for 
office. 

Tomorrow and Wednesday the students will 
get a chance to reply to the candidates, by 
casting ballots at polling places on the Revelle, 
Muir, Third and Warren campuses, and in front 
of the Main Gym. , 

In addition to the 11 AS posts, three 
propositions will also be up for voter inspection. 
The propositions concern a voluntary two-dollar 
CalPIRG fee, conversion of UC-operated 
nuclear labs to "peaceful Durposes" and student 
opinion of a hike in campus parking fee rates. 

Presidential hopefuls Cimarron Boozer, John 
Jenkel, Gary Moser, Brian Ritter and Mark 
Sindler were present at the forum. Ed 
Thalheimer and his vice-presidential running 
mate Dan Amos could not attend the forum 
because they were at a Judicial Board hearing 

(Triton Times, April 28), but they turned in a 
statement which was read by forum master of 
ceremonies Gary Weimberg. 

V-P candidates 
Ann Carberry, Rachel Cohen and Bill Silva 

were the vice-presidential candidates at the 
gathering. Jon Bekken read a statement for 
candidate Ed Cabrera; Robin King did not 
attend. 

About 50 person were at the forum when it 
began, almost half of whom were candidates for 
other offices. By the time the presidential 
candidates gave their talks - the vice-
presidential hopefuls spoke first - the crowd 
had shrunk to 30 . 

Boozer said he is running for president as an 
apathetic student. "Since 90 percent of the 
students are apathetic as they don't vote, then I 
figure if they all vote for me I'd win, right?" he 
asked. 

Boozer said he has many ideas about 
improving the university, but has decided the 
AS is not the place to get them accomplished. 
" Most people think the government is a joke. 
I've deciden over the past few weeks of thinking 
about it that it is a joke." 

He continued to say, "If I get in there, all hell 
will probably break loose." He said he knows the 
university 's decision-making channels - " If I 

(Please turn to page 9) 

limes 
Mond.y, M.y 1, 1978 

Volume 34, Number 13 UC San Diego 

CalPRIG heads ballot measures 
Nuclear labs, parking fees also to be considered 

'by Reed Alpert 
Associate News Editor 

Nudear weapons research, 
CalP.I RG and the level of 
parking fees are the topics for 
the three referendums appear-
ing on the ballot of the AS 
electio ns tomorrow and 
Wednesday. 

The nuclear weapons re-
search resolution calls for the 
University of California to work 
to convert the Livermore and 
Los Alamos Nuclear Weapons 
design laboratories from 
developing nuclear weapons to 
non-weapons research. 

The resolution, submitted by , 
AS officials Barry Hyman and 
Jeff Leifer, requests that UC 
President David Saxon and the 
Board of Regents initiate public 
hearings into the purpose of the 
labs and to see what action the 
univers ity should take i"n 
working to stop the nuclear 
weapons research. 

Termination of the univer-
sity's operation of the labs is 
listed as a last resort if the 
university is unable to halt the 
weapons research. 

CalPlRG 
St."'t. cl'OWtl aro_. s.., tile .... k-40s praWeatW 
caJNlWate, to set W. viewe o. tile ..... Sa .. woaId ollly ...... 
"No co.eat." 

Third College to 
be named ... Third 

by John Hondros 
Staff Writer 

Based on the results of the 
final vote , " Third College" 
captured the majority of ballots 
cast to become the official and 
permanent name of the college, 
according to Third College 
Dean Beverly Varga. 

The proposed name will be 
sent with a statement to a 
campus-wide naming commit-
tee, then to Chancellor 
McElroy and the UC Regents 
for final approval , said Varga . 

... ·We had a fantastic turn-
out," said Varga . As of 
Thursday, 646 student ballots 
and 82 faculty a9d staff ballots 
had been retuJ'Iled and counted. 
the results of the final ballot 
were: Third College - students 
517, faculty and staff 57; Martin 
Luther King . - students 402, 

. faculty and staff 2l. 
Varga said that some ballots 

were voided because they 
didn 't include student numbers 
on the ballot envelopes. She 
added that the process of 
counting insured confidential 
voting. 

In March, 1969, the Black 
Student Council and Mexican 
American Youth Association 
proposed that the permanent 
name of the college be Lumum-
ba Zapata College. Because of 
the controversial character of 
the name, the question of a 
permanent name for Third 
College was not addres~ed until 
1974. 

In December, 1974, an eight 
member naming committee 
was established by the Third 
College Council to recommend 
to the council a permanent 
name for the college. After 
more than a year of solicitation 
of suggested names and poUing 
the opinions of the Third 

College community . t he 
committee proposed that the 
college be named after Dr. 
Charles Drew. 

In April , 1976, the council 
officially decided not to adopt 
the recommendation of its 
naming committee but instead 

(Please turn to page 8) 

Thompson 
at Revelle 
tomorrow 

Hunter Thompson , the 
Rolling Stone magazine 
National Affairs editor who has 
been called the father of gonzo 
journalism, is scheduled to 
speak in the Revelle Cafeteria 
tomorrow night at 8: 30. 

Thompson is famous for 
being a " man for all seasons" 
who has written about all 
manners of sports, politics and 
drugs for several leading 
periodicals, including Rolling 
Stone, Esquire and Nation. 

He has also written three 
best-selling books : Hell's 
Angels , an in-depth study of the 
famous California motorcycle 
gang; Fear and Loathing in Las 
Vegas, an hilarious look at the 
drug culture; and Fear and 
Loathing on the Campaign 
Trail. 197% , a critically-
acclaimed study of the 1972 
presidential campaign. 

Thompson will first lecture. 
then answer questions from the 
audience. Tickets for the show, 
which is sponsored by ASPECT 
and University Events, costs 
$2.50 for students and $3.50 for 
everyone else. 

The CalPIRG (the California 
Public Interest Research 
Group) referendijlll requests 
that a voluntary $2 per quarter 
fee be included in the registra-
tion fees paid by each student 
every quarter. The fee would be 
fully refundable to any student 
not wishing to support Cal-
PIRG. 

Two UCSD profs named to science academy 
Two UCSD faculty mem- academy 's 115th annual Margaret Burbidge was the He was proVOst of Revelle 

CalPIRG is a non-partisan, 
non-profit, student funded and 
student-directed organization 
established to articulate and 
pursue the concerns of students 
on i sues Of general public 
interes ts , according to the 
CalPIRG ref,erendum, 
If the resolution passes , 

tudents would have the option 
of paying the $2 at the time of 
reg! tration. Also, during the 
fir t month of cia es any 
tudent who had paid the $2 

Could g tar fund . 
(Plea turn to pag 12: 

bers ha ve been elected meeting in Washington, D.C. first woman to be named College from 1974 to 1976 when 
to membership in the National Of tho!!e elected today , 13 Astronomer Royal of England he chose to return t? full-time 
Academy of Sciences, one of were from UC campuses. In a~d served for a year as research and teaching. . 
the highest honors for any addition to the two UCSD di.rector of the R~yal Green- . ffe has held ,professorshl.ps 
American scientist. members four were elected wlch Observatory In England. 10 pharmaCOlogy and blO-

They are E. Margaret from UC Berkeley, three were She was also the first woman che.mi try at the Waehinnon 
Burbidge, 59 , professor of elected from UCLA, two were to hold the post of pre ident of ~~Iver Ity cho.ol of !ded-
astronomy in the Department elected from UC Davis and the American Astronomical 1 c ~ n e (S t . Lou IS , ~ 1 S .0 -
of ,PhYSiCS, and Morris E . one each lrom UC Irvine and SOCiety. urI) and at T~l{. UnlYf'f" tty 
Fnedkin, 60 , professor of UCSanFrancisco. Her current re earch School of Medlcme (Medford, 
biology. The two new mem- Burbidge, one of the world's involves the tudy of quasars, Ma .) . where h wa al 0 
bers bring UCSD's total most recognized astronomi- believed by some to be the cha 'rman of the departmen ' 
academy membership to 5l. cal observers, is the wife of Dr. mo t distant objects yetfound of bioch mi try and pharrna-
The ratio of members to total Geoffrey Burbidge, also an in th univ r e. ' cology. 
faculty is one of the highest, if astronomer who wa named Friedkin ha been a prof · Hi c ur r n t r e 
not the highest, in the country. last Monday as the director of or of biology and a m mber !ntere ts ar in two are 

In all, 60 new members were Kitt Peak National Obs rva- f th fa ulty of th D d cri a " parat 
plected last Tue da a t the n e r T u c son A r i z . chool of M dicin in 196 . ually im rtant. .. 



O-:=:-..... -p~ln----lo----n--+-1 ______ triton times MondIy, Me, 1, 1178 

rirobti 
----_._, 

UCS-DIeao 
lJnIigned editoriak (thoic:! appearing in bold-faced type on the left side of 
the opinion J,lIIlII) reJ)relent a ~rity opinion of the Triton Tmes 
.Editorial BoarC:. which is comprised of E(ljtOt Alan RusseU, Senior editor 
Mark Stadler, Managing editor Ran Anbar, News editor Laura Richter, 
Associate News tUtors Andy Schneider and Reed Alpert and Assistant 
Managing editor Cindy Heffron. All signed material and artwork 
repreMnt the auttK:r'., or artist's opinion, and do not necessarily reflect 
the viewLof the Tril")l\ Tma. 

President: 
For AS PreIideII&. we eDdone Gary MOler. We view Ule 

presidenl'. job as primarily concerned wlUI mobllizln,sludent 
sapport for &be AS, and wlUI IOUcl&ln, the opinions of st.dents on 
&he laan confrondn, &be ,overnmenl. NeKt year, &be AS, as it 
attempts &0 ,aln lelidmacy In &be eyes of Ule Sludent body, 
win need IOmeone accompUshed In workin, at thll task. 

Moser, in his work this year as Muir College AS Repretentative, 
bas proven blmself adroll at such work. Two notable examples of 
this are biB par&icipation In the movements to retain the Muir 
Activity Coordinator position and to must opposition &0 the plan 
to drastically ralse campus parking fees. He can also be credited 
with a larle sbare of the work In formulating plans for a campus 
Beer Pub. But perhaps Moser's greatest asset is bis enthusiasm-
someUliD, we view as necessary for the lon, baul as president. 

Of the other candidates, we ' are most impressed wltb Jobn 
Jenkel. His serious approach &0 the issues, coupled with bis 
effective work on tbe Student Center Board, make him a candidate 
worth considering. 

The propositions: 
We endorse all three propositions. We consider tbe measure tbat 

would authorize establishment of a two-dollar voluntary fee for 
CalPIRG to be the most important. As noted here before, CalPIRG 
is an or,anizatlon weU worth two dollars every quarter, because of 
tbe services It provides to students and to Ule entire community. 

Institution of a voluntary fee - whicb would be included amon, 
the fee cards in registration packet :-would serve two basic 
purposes. First, it would make it easy for students &0 contribute 
money &0 CalPIRG. Second. it would belp make students aware 
that CalPIRG is active at UCSD. 

Tbe proposition SOliciting student opinion on conversion of UC-
operated nuclear laboratories &0 more peaceful purposes is 
impor&aDt because it is part of a UC-wlde movement &0 force 
conversion of the labs. While the measure is only advisory, a 
strong vote in favor of convenioD would allow student leaders &0 
go before the UC Board of Regents with a stron, mandate from all 
students. 

The proposition concerning a bike in tbe parking fees may seem 
a mUe redundant &0 students. because Cbancellor McElroy 
decided last week to keep the fees at the current level. But it is still 
important for students to register tbeir opposition to any hike in 
tbe rates, because tbe "Stron, consideration the University 
Hospital plan received shows the administration is always ready 
to consider such a plan. 

Absention is not apathy 
Editor: 

Well, it's election time once again at UCSD. And once again I refuse to 
vote for anybody. I'm not apathetic, just disgusted with the farce tbat 
UCSD elections really are. 

And every year it's the same damn thing. Candidates speak out against 
people littering and polluting our campus, and then proceed to plaster their 
inane posters over anything tbat doesn 't move (don' t sit in one spot too 
long) . "The student voice must be heard! " these cretin candidates 
scream, but the only student voices I ever hear are theirs. 

I'm tired of seeing whole pages of the Triton Times being taken up with 
senseless ad hominem attacks and ego-licking letters that I really don't 

~derstand or care about. I'm tired of being told not to be "apathetic" and, 
Instead, to choose a school president from a bunch of loud-mouth buffoons 
who really only want a free ticket to law school. 

( Please tum &0 page 5) 

Vote yes on Prop 1 
Editor: . issues CalPIRG has ef(ectively 

With tbe AS electiOns tomorrow been involved with . These include 
an~Wednesdaylfeelcompelledto credit for some of the best 
Write ID order to urge students to testimony against Sundesert at the 
take n.o~e of and vot~ .YES o.n Eneq~y Commission hearings , 
ProposItion One. ProposltlonOnels assistmg scbools in low income 
the CalPIRG proposition , The areas implement federally funded 
California Public Interest Re- breakfast programs, investigating 
search Group has been worlting nursing homes , surveying auto-
with and for UCSD students for five mobile insurance rates , helping 
years, I want to stress that a YES sponsor Sun Day at SD State , 
vote for Prop. I in no way rveans inv~stig!lting health and safe.ty at 
that any student will have .o ~ay a UDlver Ity Labs, and endorsmg a 
two dollar fee , It is nota marlootory fair rent initiative in San Diego. 
fee and will be c ompletely I have been personally involved 
refundable. with CalPIRG since transferring to 

A CalPIRG has beensucc ~s.fully tiC D last winter, and it has been 
implemented in the same ' nanner one of the most vllluat.lc cxper-
as that proposed at UCSD , at UC iences that I've had at UCSD. Prior 
Berkeley. A similar propolii~on is to coming here I worked to organize 
on the ballot at UCLA . NO'~Js the a PIRG at Penn State a nd 
time, if not to get involv,:d with urrounding schools in Pennsyl-
CaIPIRG. to express your nlpport vania , and have visited another 
for this state-wi de , student- successful exa mple of a PIRG in 
controlled, publi9 interest group. action , NYPIRG a Syracuse 

' CaIPIRG San Diego has llecome Unive r ity (all utilizing a system 
recognized as one ~ f the leading similar to thal of Proposition One) , 
co nsumer groups ID the state . PIRGs work, and they can work for 
Students should not be misled by you too. I credit my experience with 
the term consumer. CalPIRG does PIRGs on the East Coast with 
much more than perform market getting m an eltcellent research 
surveys and ~perate a· consume r internship in Washington D. . 00 
assistance line . To list all of something posi tive for your e lf a nd 
CalPIRG 's projects would be far UCSO tomorrow or Wedn day ,., 
beyond th cope of this letter. vote YES on Propos ition One. 
However, I will mention a few to 
acquaint students with the rang of NNE KEATI NG 

! ThalheiIller: ror improvements 
Editor: 

The students of UCSD do not want a president tbat 
bas only Academic, Administrative, or social 
interests. This election campaign is confounded by 
presidential candidates that only promote 
bureaucratic Issues and not thOle issues that will 
directly affect the students. There is one candidate 
who will promote tangible improvements in this 
university. Tbis presidential candidate Is EDWARD 
THALHEIMER. 

the Academic Senate, are virtually owned by the 
Administration . The question of adequate TA 
programs has been pondered for many years, The T A 
walkout of 1975 is a prime example of how student 
input is ignored by the Administration. 

These and other academic issues are of vital 
importance to students and I appreciate that fact . 
However, lookiq at the situation realistically, I feel 
that it will take a great deal of student inpUt to 
accomplish these tasu. I am willing to make an effort 
on a larae scale to coordinate and unify student Input 
and activity. This would amount to large scale reform 
in the attitudes of most students. 

In considering all other candidates whom I feel to be 
serious, academic cOncerns have been the major 
isaues. A typical statement in summary of these views 
i. that " when it comel right down to it, people are bere 
for the academies." However, the wues that have 
been raised by these candidates seem to me to be 
unrealistic. One of the major illues concerns the 
tenure process at UCSD. 

The reason why I feel that social illues are more 
viable is that they will directly affect the students 
without the necessity of a great deal of studept input. I 
strongly believe the students of UCSD should elect a 
realistic candidate, EDWARD THALHEIMER. 

The students should be well aware at this point that 
most academic affairs. esoeciallv those concerning EDWARD THALHEIMER 

Ritter: He cares for people 
Editor: 

There's another side to Brian Ritter. 
Brian cares for people, ConSistently, along with 

doing his radio show, Brian has served as the 
conscience for KSDT, making sure that people there 
are never denied the right to their emotions and the 
right to be treated with respect and fairness and as 
human beings. 

By now everyone is well a wa re of Brian's devotion to 
the pleasurable side of life. He's made tha t clear. But 
what he's modestly and, perhaps, unwisely refrained 
from showing is the hardworlting, caring human being 
that we who work with him know. 

Brian is tbe driving force behind at least two student 
organizations. He brought Daniel Ellsberg to UCSD 
last fall and, also, author Peter Faulkner. At Brian's 
urging, Herbert Marcuse delivered a speech at the 
Mandeville Center relating humanist psychology and 
the eco-crisis. Brian himself has organized and led 
workshops on humanist psychology during the winter 

No, you won' t find out about this other side from 
bis campaign material because he's serious about his 
pleasure. Of course, you could attempt a crash course 
by dropping in on him some Wednesday night at the 5 
and Dime where he sings the songs he writes. Or visit 
him at the garden on the north side of campus where 
he's planted more than thirty fruit trees and bushes . 
Or stop him on the street some time to pick up a quick 
smile. quarter. 

He has coordinated projects with CalPIRG, 
Community Energy Action Network and other 
community groups off campus. He has been invited 
to speak at Stanford, Berkeley, Santa Cruz, Davis, San 
Luis Obispo and the San Diego Community Colleges on 
a field in which he is quickly becoming an autbority: 
nonviolence. 

Or better yet, join us in putting him in the position 
he deserves where we can all share the benefits of his 
concern and dedication . Elect Brian Ritter as 
President of the ASUCSD. 

DAN ALMOUR, EDNA 
JAZZ CLUB 

GENE HOLLAND, 
Graduate Student, Dep&. of LUeralure 

VOZ FRONTERIZA 
CHARLES HEIMLER, 

Former News Edi&or, TrtlOn Timet (1nS) 
CLAMSHELL ALLIANCE 

BOB RUBINYI 
JONATHAN OSBORN, Third Collece Rep, ASUCSD 

C. MICHAEL MANN 
F. SCOTT ELISBERG 

ANN TRIPP 
BARRY HYMAN, 

Commissioner of Sludent Welfare, ASUCSD 

He invited organizers of the UC Weapons Lab 
Conversion Project to UCSD for two workshops to help 
us understand how the university can step forward to 
Qalt what Herhert York calls the Race to Oblivion. 

Concerned with women's issues he helped the Rape 
Task Force publish their tabloid for Rape Awareness 
Week. . 

And while talting on these responsibilities and morl! 
he has refused to ever bold an office in any 
organization. AU he has wanted is to be no more and 
no less than the equal of those around him. That 's the 
attitude he' ll be taking to the AS . ~ 

Sindler: AS needs student help 
Editor: 

You have just turned 30 a few 
weeks ago and tonight you are 
spending some time witb some old 
friends from UCSD where you went 
to college between 75 and 79. What 
are you going to talk about? What 
were some of those climatic things 
that happened that will really jar 
your memory and recall to you 
something profound about your 
college days? 

Let's see .. .it was eight years ago 
a nd you can still remember, .. 
haze.,. maybe you will remember a 
course that you wish you had taken, 
but it was full . that the reason you 
stopped your daily workout was 
because the pool was too crowded, 
that there was this photo class that 
you wanted to take, but it was too 
eltpensive and a lso full, that there 
was this really good professor, had 
some interesting things to say 
about life, but he was fired , That the 
place was cold, the TAs when you 
were a sophomore were poor 
teachers and there were too few of 
them, that the food in the cafe was 
wretcbed, that you really 'had to 
hunt around to find a place to live 
that wasn' t outrageously expensive 
and allowed students. You might 
remember all of those old friends 
that left to go to Berkeley 
complaining that UCSD didn't have 
the courses or the major that they 
were loolting for . 

What did you get out of college? 
What was it for .. . did you really 
learn anything? Where was the 
academic stimulation, the growth, 
the involvement in learning, wasn 't 
that what you were supposed to get 
out of college? You remember what 
Dad told you , of his small college 
and how the profs had dinner 
parties for students and taught 
small classes and how the leading 
minds of the decade came and gave 
lectures , .. you look back at UCSD 
and wonder ... 

You may remember m a ny 
things, but what you won ' t 
remember is that you did anything 
a bou tit! What are you going to do to 
change your present view of UCSD? 
What are you going to do so that the 
next group of freshmen that enter 
this coli ge won 'tfe Ilhesame way 
that you do now? 

Thh w k th student govern-
ment will be holding elections for 
oCficer that have the responsibil ity 
for changing those things that you 

don ' t like. With your help they can 
do it, they can start on the road to 
ma king this institution more than 
concrete buildings, more than 
academic departments with sterile 
similar minds, Student government 
is the avenue to a livable academic 
and social environment; without its 
continuity and focus nothing can 
change. Withoutthe support of each 
and every one of us the student 
government; our collective voice, 
our advocate will be without the 
guidance and the support that it 
needs to be effective. Without all of 

us working together our goals are 
just the words we breathe and the 
paper we hand out. Going forward 
together we can accomplish those 
goals that have been complaints for 
too long. There is a way, and voting 
is just fart of it. All of us have to 
give, al of us have to sacrifice, all 
of us have to work together, allofus 
have to participate, and only then 
can we look back years from now 
with any satisfaction of accom-
plishment. 

MARK SINDLER 
ASUCSD Vice-president 

J enkel: Most concerned 
presidential candidate 
Editor: 

The Co-op has vanished, the 
Associated Students of UCSD has 
completed its first year and 
elections for the second year 
officers begin, I am stifled by the 
enthusiasm of the ca ndidates , 
Bright balloons and patrioti c 
ba nners have confettied the gray 
cement walls of the campus , 
Question tables have been set up 
and the candidates are walking 
freely about the campus striving 
for popularity . But neutrality has 
been my goa l during this campaign 
and I couldn 't help but listen and 
research the candidates, under-
stand t heir views , goals and 
accomplishments a nd I am certain 
that all of the ca ndidates are 
co mpetent for each of their 
respective offices . 

The fervor and spirit have 
overwhelmed me and I can no 
longer s tay neutral , It is necessary 
to have the offices filled with more 
than Just competent people. This 
next year is vital to the AS 
government and student gov rn-
m nt as a whole and it is up to us, 
th student body, to help support 
and elect people who are truly 
int rested and concerned about the 
welfare of the s tudents at UCSD, It 
is time for all of us to ope~ our ye 
and become as enthusiastic and a 
optimistic as the candidate . 

It is for thi ref! on that I fully 
upport John Jenk I for AS CSO 

pre id nl. I have known John for 

three years and he has always 
succeeded in amazing me; from 
planning a spectacular s unse t 
party during his work as a Muir 
Apartment Representati ve to 
serving the student interest while 
chairing the Student Center Board. 
He has climbed a long s low. ladder 
in student government and I feel 
that John Jenkel has matured into 
the most concerned. si ncere, 
dedicated candidate that is running 
for president. 

John Jenkel has frequently 
expressed ~is view of the ASUCSD 
as a body capable of leading and 
unifying the students of this 
ca mpus for the betterment of their 
education and their ca mpu s 
community. He has impressed me 
with his confidence and experience 
and I am convinced of hi s 
leadership and dedication . John 's 
work with projects in the student 
government has proven him to be a 
person who involves himself with 
crea tive and original ideas and who 
sees them through to their 
conclusion 

John Jenkel is an energy source 
for the AS. It would be your disaster 
to lose this prominent, qualllied 
ca ndidate . I am asking you to think 
twice before you vote a nd most 
Important, to vote. 

GEORGE GOULD 
Muir Hou Advisor 

Monda" Me, 1, 1.71 triton times 
---------------------------------, 

Letters to the editor 
. Vote Bekken, Cabrera AS presidential candidate interviews 

InH2rute",/s conducted by IT staff writer Eric Jaye 
Editor: 

Many of the candidates for vice-president c laim that their great and vast 
eltperience makes them better suited for the work at hand. An immediate 
question, however, comes to mind, Why do the problems still exist since 
these persons have been in positions where they could have done 
something about them? Clearly someone else is needed for the job. With a 
vote for Edwin Cabrera , Progressive Coalition candidate [or vice-
president, students will be assured of input into the ASUCSD. 

The situation is simila r in the campa ign for Commissioner of External 
Affairs . Jim Lofgren states that, " The best indication of my future 
performance is my past track record as Commissioner of Appoinlrnert~ 
and Evaluations this past yea r . Unlike my opponent who resigned frfJ r, hiS 
position in the AS, I was dedicated enough to complete my term of olfi, l ' , . 
We're a ll very proud of him. He fails , however, to state how i I~ 
perseverance has paid off for sludents . What material improvements I ,t.-
he made for UCSD student? Fine, he has experience; We've seen what 11, 
can do and we 're not impressed, Jon Bekken (our candidate for Lxternal 
Affairs), however, had the integrity to realize that his position in the AS 
was untenable . As Public Relations Director he lacked the authority to 
effect progressive change without support from the council , and that 
support was. not forthcoming . So he resigned and turned to more serious, 
and productive, work in campus media and student organizations. 

This year a number of progressive ca ndidates are running for office. We 
urge students to vote for them . Only through dedicated work can our 
pla tform, which follows , be iqlplemented, Most of the candidates \10 
espouse similar views but it is interesting, and instructive, to compare 
their performance, or lack thereof, with their promises. Jon Bekken and 
Edwin Cabrera have conSistently worked to gain for students control of 
their lives . By voting for them you affirm your desire to have the 
responsibilities, and benefits, to be gained. The Coalition Platform is a step 
towa rd such control : 

In this election campaign most of the candidates have expressea similar 
views on many of the problems of the AS, and UCSD in general. However, 
one major problem has not been dealt with . 

The lack of student D' rticioation and interest in the student government. 
which has been recognrzed but not dealt with, has not enabled the AS to 
work in behalf of students . The preSent council members have not 
informed students of activities, legislation, etc. , and hence students cannot 
participate. When students have expressed interest in worlting, or 
disagreed with an AS action they have been largely ignored. 

The Progressive Coalition e~sts in order to work to increase the role 
which students play within the University. The Coalition was born out of 
the March 1977 Referendum in which students took many progressive 
stands. We remain committed to working for the implementation of these 
Referendum stands, for an autonomous form of student representation. 
and for eltpanding the limitations of the Regent-administered university. 
Tbus, the following goals constitute our platform: 

DEPARTMEN:rAL STATUS FOR COMMUNICATIONS : The 
communications department has been continually beset by a shortage of 
resources, resources which are available almost automatically to 
depa·rtments. The program is a popular, and academically sound one, 
which deserves our support. 

EXPANSION OF DAY CARE SERVICES: The Chancellor'S pro.RQsal to 
" [arm out" day care is inexcusable. Day care services need to be 
expanded to fit UCSO·s unmet needs: not cut back. 

FREE GYNECOLOGICAL SERVICES FOR WOMEN: These necessary 
medical services should be provided (ree of charge to all women students. 

STUDENT CONTROL OF THE CAFETERIAS: The cafeterias , and 
other student services, are providing inadequate services at drastically 
inflated prices. Through student control these services could be run to fit 
student needs and save money. 

CONVENING OF CONS'tITUTIONAL CONVENTION: The ASUCSD 
Constitution is inadequate to meet the needs of student government. A 
Constitutional Convention, open to all students, is the most open, and 
democratic, way to adapt this document to meet student needs . 

THE PROGRESSIVE COALITION 

Karoff no Mickey Mouse 
Editor: . 
. AS elections m.ay seem Mickey Mouse, but the results can profoundly 
mfluence the environment we inhabit. One especially important AS post is 
Commissioner""f Communications, which exercises some control over the 
nature and direction of student media. Three candidates are contesting 
this office and differ significantly in their proposals, 

One wants to consolidate the several papers into one - an idea that may 
appeal to those who don' t like any of the papers , but which is basica lly 
unworkable and would destroy the diversity we enjoy. A second candidate 
wants a humor magazine and supports KSDT's FM bid, but most of his 
platform reflects little knowledge of or interest in media - e .g. a 
"personal grooming CO-ilP" in the Student Center, ' 

IT: What is your platform? 
BOOZER: I'm no! really sure at this point. I'm not running 

on any sort of promises. I'm not going to tell peOple that I am 
going to do any particular thing. 
• IT: 1ben why are you running? 
.BOOZER: Why am I running? WeD, because like 

everybody else I feel I can do a good job and I think I can put 
the energy into it. But I don't think it's up to me to make 
promises that I don't think that we can keep. At this point I 
don't think that the AS has the support ot the students. Like 
last night they were asking, "would you support a certain 
student organization and help to get them money?" and I 
said "yesWbut the person who was AS President, in order to 
get this organization some money would have to kiss the 
Chancellor's ass to do it. And then they asked, "Would you 
do it?" and I said yes I would. rd kiss his hands, feet and any 
other part of his body. ~t's the state that I think i!'s in right 
now. Honestly. 1be AS President has to play games with the 
establishment and the bureaucracy to get things done, 
because they don't have tho support of the students. So in 
order to do anything for the students at this time, at least it is 
necessary to go to the Chancellor and to t~ administration 
and work with them. You have to play with them as well , 

IT: You have done very little campaigning. 
BOOZER: Yea, I have done absolutely no campaigning 

whatsoever. 1 was not into advertising. 
IT: Are you a serious candidate? 
BOOZER: I think I'm very serious. 
IT: Do you think that you can get elected? 
BOOZER: I think that I can positively get elected. I think 

that most students can identify with my position, I am 
especially appealing to what I call the apathetic vote. I don't 
think that people are apathetic so much as they just don't 
think that it does anything for them. On thei r list of priorities, 
voting in an AS ele<:tion is real low because it just doesn'l 
have any meaning. They just don't see it doing anything for 
them. I think that the biggj!st problem that the AS has, and 
this woud be my major goal, is to get students interested in 
the AS, And the only way to do that is to do something for 
them·, The things that I have in mind would be things that 
would cost lots of money. These would be simply studies. 
Studies of things that do go on at the university and making 
students aware of them. 

IT: Do you think that studies will get students interested 
in their government? 

BOOZER: It's better than nothing. It's betteT lhan 
bickering and petty buUshit. They might as well find out what 
this campus is about, and then make students of it. I'd like to 
see a program where students can come in and get help with 
bureaucracy, 
IT: What point are you trying to get across to the students? 
BOOZER: I'm not sure what point I'm trying to get across to 
the students. 1 think that in conclusion I think that ru say as 
president I would work my butt off for irtdividual students, 
As far as the other responsibi~ties of the president, fll just 
say that I'll use my best judgment. 1be think is that 1'1 be 
honest with the students. 111 teD them what's i 

Ed Thalheimer 
IT: What is your platform? 
THALHEIMER: Our first conCeTn as presidential and 

vice· presidential (Dan Amos, his running mate) candidates 
is to promote practical ideas that will directly affect the 
students of UCSD. We've talked to many students and they 
don't want a president and a vice·president to have only 
academic, administrative or social interests. They do, on lhe 
other hand want the president and the vice· president to 
create tangible improvements at UCSD. Unlike other 
candidates we have raised issues that are very realistic and 
very practical to the students at UCSD. For example, we 
want to implement creative programming, such as a disco on 
campus . Also, we want to implement a student job training 
program that would give undergrads betteT career guidance. 
We want to implement better transportation 10 the 
University Towne Centre. Del Mar, Solana Beach, etc. We 
would like to evaluate the increasing bookstore prices, 
housing costs and the cafeterias on campus. And we want to 
look into increasing athletic funding, 

IT: You say that the students don't want a president with 
only "academic, administrative or social interests." 
Eveiything that you have mentioned can be included in one 
of these categories. 

THALHEIMER: I was speaking more about the 
bureaucratic issues, such as the tenure process, that aD the 
other candidates seem to be inteTested in . 

IT: You don't feerthat the tenure process is important? 
THALHEIMER: Not really. I think it's a good example of, 

it's important don't get me wrong, but it's a good example of 
unrealistic proposals. I think the students shouls be aware of 
the fact that most academic affairs belong to the 
administrators. 

IT: Don't you think the students want betteT teachers? 
lliALHE1MER: I'm well aware of that fact . They do want 

better teachers , But as far as the administration goes. 
teaching is not as important as other factors in the tenure 
process. 

IT: Do you think that an AS government can face the 
administration on this issue? 

liiALHEIMER: Yes, I do. But I still think that when 
looking at the situation realistically it wiU take a large scale 
student input. I myself as a presidential candidate will make a 
large effort to coordinate on a large scale this student input 
and activity. But most candidales don't realize that this 
would amount to large scale reform in the attitudes of 
students . 

IT: Do you think that "student input" will change 
administrative attitudes conceTning the tenure process? 

THALHEIMER: Large scale student input? 
IT: If you 6ke, 
THALHEIMER: Yes I do, 
IT: Would that be one of your goals? To change the 

tenure process? 
THALHEIMER: Well, not really to change the tenure 

process, because I agree with it totally. I think that as far as 
the univeTsity goes the first criteria should be research and 

. .. .. 

The candidate most qualified and 
·,I)· t motivated to develop media 

. ' l"~ i Paul Karof(. Paul has actual 
-.pe rience at the redio station and. 
I) print media . He knows tbe 

il l ublems involved in pursuing an 

Ex-coordinator points to eff.ects of Thalheimer 
n l lice nse for KSDT .... and in 
fIl proving the print media . Paul is 
Ill' only candidate commited in his 

1' i.J lform to preventing censorsbip 
" 1' 'ontrol of media by the AS or the 
Il(rIli nistration. He has studied the 
IIl~ tory of media here and knows 
1 11~ 1 we are fortunate to have 
pa pers with diverse viewpoints -
Ill· doesn 't want one monolithic 
I tHee. 

, , 

Pa ul has interesting ideas , He 
\I dllts to secure economic creditfor 
tnl'cs tigalive Journalism , which 
"o ul d provide more in-depth 
' o\'crage. He proposes issues and 

.1 11~ wers forums with various 
Illedia reps questioning people like 
I ll\' hancellor. In short, he has 
plans to increase student access to 
1I1('dia , to Increase the range and 
'1 l1 ulity of media, to give our volcel 
' omc crect in policy-making. 

Pau l i a communications major 
,'lIdur d by the Communications 
Iud nts Union . I urge a vote for 

I'd ul Karoff May 2-3. Please vote -
"Illmunications is a crucial partof 
'lir t'ummunity a nd your vote will 
. 11f~t' t the type of community we 
111 11 have . 

BARRY HYMAN 
A U SD Comml loner 

of tuclenl Welfare 

AS Judicial Board: 
As a former Elections Coordinator for the campus I would like to point 

out to you some realistic impacts of your recent Thalheimer! Amos 
decision . 

If e·xceeding the campaign limit by $16 does not constitute an infraction 
which warrants disqualification , does your decision now mean that all 
other candidates may exceed their limits in the same way without · 
disquallficati(>n? 

It itis fair for one ticket, it should be fairfor everyone else, I.e., does your 
ruling indicate Carberry, Jenkel, Tempereau may increase expenditure 
by $24 and Moser, Silva, Montalvo, Flores, Brumfield, Peterson may 
increase their spending by $48? . 

Such increases would pay for a lot of flyers and banners. If this is the 
case, you have violated the spirit of your own election code. What is the 
purpose of a campaign limit if it can be safely violated by increments? 

By malting the statement, " The court is compelled to assume the 
innocence of the candidates until there Is enough evidence to prove them 
guilty, " the court allumes the responsibility to define the term " enough 
evidence." If students are to have conlldence in the codes and tbe process , 
they must know what documentation is required to assu re a viola tlon otthe 
rules will be dealt with properly. If the law is fair for all , level of 
documentation required should not be a variable which depends on who 
happens to sit on the Judicial Board . 

By questioning the validity of the evidence presented by the Elections 
Boam, you open yourself up for legal suit, i.e .. if the Election Board as the 
prosecutor before the Judicial Board presented incorrect information 
which was used to incorrectly remove a candidate from th ballot, the 
Elections Board has cau ed tereat damage to a caDdidate and hi 
campaign. If indeed Thalheimer and Amos lose the election and they can 
tie the loss to publicity caused by Incorrect Elections Board acUon based 
on false information, )'Ou are going to be open to legal uit for damages. 

J would recommend in the future that both the Election Board and the 
Judicial Board observe legal due proce in Its deliberations, Maybe you 
should get an attorney to look at your decision prior to making 
announcements to the press. 

The letCal suit which re ulted from the election la tyear was eltpensive. I 
do not think that you can expect the university to always pick up legal cost 
for su.i ts especia lly if they are brought again t the A 0 proc 

I am disturbed at the general lack of information provided to the 
students about the election, Worse than a low turnout, students who vote 
are subject to campaigns which elttensively use rumor. There has been DO 
real attempt to bring candidates before any large group of students to 
debate issues and approaches to government. Since we rely on campaigns 
through the dorms, the Election becomes a verbal popularity contest. I feel 
the Elections Board should have the responsibility to present the students 
with a voters handbook. You can not rely on the print media which is 
subject to no editorial control to be the single source of communication on 
the elections ~ 1f past experience is true and there i no impartial getoqt the 
vote drive, the election runoer will ha ve a lower voter turnout than the 
initia l election. 

I would appreCiate a prompt response on these issues . 
ANDY CHNEIDER 

Jenkel: For integrity 
Editor: I 

John Jenkel is an unusual candidate for president - the likes of which we 
haven' t seen for quite a while at UCSD. Low-key. dependable , with 
answers to the problems of the quality of life and educatio,l here before the 
other candidates have even thought about !.hose probl~ms . 

No, John does not have his name on a bunch of ballooas. He knows that, 
just like their candidate, they're filled with hot air, And n<', John does not 
have a scarecrow singing hi praise. John doesn't need stmw men to back 
him up. John has two very abl ' and dedicated running mates - AnD 
Carberry and Margot Tempereau. 

What John does ha ve is a fifteen point program - not only questions but 
well conceived and implementable answer - addressing thedeficien' 
in the quality of IIf a nd education at UCSD . From facilitated 
undergraduate researcb to improved campu af ty to int gration of th 
campus with the surround ngcommunity, tonam af w,Johnhasgotvital 
a nd workable ideas. 

Vote for Int grity, creativity and dedication . 
Vote for an unusual candidate. 
Vote for John Jenkel. 

LOR KAY 



I I triton times lIeN .. "", 1, 1171 ~O-p~l-n~lo~r------------- ---~-w?-.n-t-go-m-e-~--: -o~u-r~m~a~n~. 
Montgom ry: 'Fantastic communications' 

And here we go a.aln. (:onfronted once more with a aeemilllly 
Interminable list of candidates names from which to choose; names of 
benevolent, idealistic, stauncbly commited, we're told, to the welfare of 
the student body masa. Ah, but one alway. wonders what really prompts 
these tawdry public displays of social concern. Is the individual sincere? 
And if so, once elected, will he/she relentlessly pursue aH of those lofty 
goals oriainally put forth? Or i. the individual motivated solely in base 
terms of self-aggrandizement. eye. transfixed on admission to prestigious 
graduate schools? 

Editor: 
For thole of you who give a damn 

about Communication and Visual 
Arts at UCSD, your chance to 
greatly iDfluence those areas for 
the better is coming this Tuesday. I 
know it's in vOiUe these days to not 
vote at aU, because "it doesn't 
make any difference anyway." I've 
said it before myself many times. 
But the reason you feel tbat way is 
because of the experiences we have' 
all bad with school politicians wbo 
are interested in two thinas. 

Batmanesque, its importance is not 
to be taken lightly. One of the three 
people on tbe ballot Thursday will 
bold the purse strings, which in a 
very real sellse will determine tbe 
direction that communications is 
takina at UCSD . AM now is tbe 
time to turn the trend around 
because at the moment "Com-
munications" here is about to be 
snuffed. 

Wbich brings me to the real point 
of this letter. There is someone who 
is running for that grand sounding 
position who is an actual Communi-
cations major (a dyi!lg"'reed?) and 

a man wbo is motivated not by self 
aggrandizement but rather by the 
desire to see COMMUNICATIONS 
at UCSD be the " fantastic thing it 
could be" if someone who wasn't 
afraid of change could help make 
decisions. 

So when you go to the polls on 
·Tuesday, do yourself a favor but. 
don't do any candidates a favor. 
and vote for someone that I know 
and truly believe in. Vote for 
JAMIE MONTGOMERY for 
COMMISSIONER OF COMMUNI-
CATIONS. You will never be sorry 
you did. 

DAVID HARTWELL 

Having witnessed these past four years at UCSD the widespread 
Incidence of political abuse, apathy and ineptitude especially with regard 
to student concerns, I've become somewhat of a jaded skeptic. Indeed the 
power of student government seems quite nominal, petty at best (hence 
13% turnouts) . There is, however, one individual running for office this 
year whose integrity I. beyond reproach. An activist individual who can 
re.tore Iegillmacy in student government while working incesaantly 
toward those ,oala w~, the students, collectively deem necesaary . 

First and foremost on their minds 
is bow good being in office wilt.look 
on their applications to law, med or 
arad school. Tbe second most 
important thing to them is 
maintaining a no. wave status quo 
level wbich will keep them out of 
trouble . That consciousness 
manifests itself as a sea of red tape 
wbicb will drown (If you will) any 
innovative ideas you miaht have. 
But just because it's been that way 
for as long as you can remember 
doesn 't mean it bas to be that way 
anymore. 

Thalheimer: For change 

I know Jamie Montgomery beat as a fiscal wizard. A surehitcombinallon 
of enterprenial acumen (in the mo.t bmovadve sense of the term) and nea r 
perfect allocation bave enabled him these past few summers to 
sin,lehandedly turn bis miniscule L.A. based fire-extinguisher 
distributorship into a veritable giant in its field . It seems to me that we 
students would be downrigbt fatuous not to employ on our side an 
individual with sucb skill and ability. We sorely need someone who can 
effecllvelv articulate those rather meager resources which presently 
comprise UCSD's student media. 

What this boils down to is that 
there are three people running for 
the pos itio n of (get tbi&!) 
Commissioner 0f.Communications. 
Granted the httt' sounds a bit 

Editor: 
This year's ASUCSD bas been 

characterized by disorganization, 
apathy, and an unwillingness to 

. direct its activities towards the 
interests of the students. My first 
concern , as a presidential 
candidate, is to promote practical 
ideas that directly affect you, the 
studenlB of UCSD. Above all else, I, 
Ed Thalheimer, want to succeed in 
changing the ASUCSD from 
indirect representation charac-
terized bY'JlOlitical rhetoric into an 

Russo: Initiatives needed· 
Editor: 

The lime approaches when the students must choose. The Triton Times 
in its role as an objective newspaper attempted to present the facts 
concerning misappropriation of funds ($107,000) . The basJc issue is can the 
Administration decide what to do with funds that are allocated for student 
organizations? Concomitant with that issue is the basic question of who is 
going to stand up the Administration? 

Can a small group of insiders really stand up to the Administration? 
Student government needs something more than ambitious undergrads 
vying for law school. Those wishing to participate must ha ve a deep rooted 
commitment to student participation. What this student government lacks 
is courage. Courage, dedication and a willingness to participate are the 
ingredients essenlia~ to a member of student government. 

What tbis student government does not need is divisiveness and 
deadlock. Deadlock is the chief word wbich characterizes the present 
student government. It deadens all constructive activity. Can you the 
student think of any piece of student legislation, program or benefit which 
has resulted from the present AS ? The present student government has 
been characterized by an ambiguity and a clear lack of direction. The 
present AS has been paralyzed by a lack of action. The reason of course is a 
lack of legitimacy. That- is, the present student government lacks a 
mandate fof action. A low voter turnout (8%) combined with cronyism is 
the Commissioner of Appointments office insures the power reverting to 
the administration. Jim Lofgren and his bunch see eye to eye with the 
Administration. They fear offending the Administration. (They may not 
get recommendations to law school.) Who is the Commissioner responsible 
to? I say the commissioner is responsible to the students, not the 
Administration. . 

Part of the problem which characterizes the lack of direction in student 
government is the initiative process. Presently 100 signatures are required 
to place an initiative on the ballot. Student initiatives are valuable in 
gauging the vital issues concerning students. Student intitiatives provide a 
valid measuring device in revealing what are the priorities facing the AS. 
Under the present structure it is difficult to get an initiative on the ballot. 
Consequently the AS does not honestly know where it should stand. If I am 
elected I will push to change the initiative pr~ss. Under my proposal 
getting an initiative on the ballot would be more democ ratic. 

MIKE RUSSO 
Candidate for Commissioner of Appointments and Evaluations 

Carberry: Genuine concern 
Editor: 

Let's face some facts : Tbere are 
a lot of important issues facing 
UCSD students. Some of them bave 
been around for a while: Depart-
ment status for Communications, 
tbe Day Care Center, and getting 
the most out of our Reg Fees. Some 
of the Issues are new: Increased 
parking fees, new federal regula-
tions regarding equal education for 
the disabled , new guidelines for 
student organization programming 
funds. 

Add o'ntothis fact that a new Vice-
chancellr of Student Affairs will be 
here shortly with a II it 's far-
reaching ramificatiolls . 

What this means , i that whoever 
we choose for the AS officers, will 
need to be sensitive to the needs of a 
broad spectrum of issues. And we 
can' t wait for these people to get 
their feet planted on :h, ground. 

Loo k at these facts : Ann 
Carberry bas the expenence alld 
sensitivity that will bE- needed in the 
AS for the co m in I ear. Her 
cred entials in cll d~ being a 
member of the Mu, r Colle g e 
Council and the Reg Fee Commit-

tee. AdditionallY, she has a strong 
history of work with various 
student organizations and has just 
finished a year as Reg Fee Intern 
Proaram Coordinator which sbe 
originated. 

Besides this strong working 
knowledge of the administration 
and tbe tactics tbey use to get 
around the students' needs, sbe has 
shown the aenuine concern and help 
for students that is a must. In 
addition to supporting the Student 
Affirmative Action Committee, my 
personal knowledae of her concern 
for students goes back to 1975. At 
that time a small group of people, 
myself included, were trying to get 
the university to make UCSD a 
place where a disabled person 
could get an education. Ann was one 
of the few people who stepped 
forward to help. 

If we are going to have a strong 
AS, one th9t will addreS$ our needs 
effectively, we need Ann Carberry 
for Vice-president. 

JAMES LEBRECHT 
Acting President of 

the DIsabled Students Union 

!he Triton Tim~s Is ~utj4lshed by UCSD students as an olliclal stUdent newspaper. 
Publication Is on Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school year ' 
(except on oHIclal holidays). Editorial and business oHicn are located In the Student 
Center at the University of California. San Diego. For editorial , call 452-3466; for 
business and di play advertising , call 452-3468. 

Letters 10 the editor and optnlon columns are welcomed. Ali submlsslomsshould be 
typed and double-spaced on a 6~,pace line. They should not exceed 1'" pages In 
length. 

Submitted materisl must bear the name and student identification number 01 the 
author. Names can be withheld Irompublicalion on request : howevar. lhanameswlli be 
held on Ii Ie for pubUc Inspection. 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of space limitations 
or style requirements. 

Entlr. content. copyright 1 7P the T-;ton Times 

ASUCSD that directly affects the 
students. I will administer a 
government at UCSD that is not 
characterized solely by bureaucra-
tic issues, as is the case with tbe 
other candidates, but one that wiJ( 
propose tangible improvements 
within tl!e college life at UCSD. I 
am the only presidential candidate 
tbat is not a member of the present 
ASUCSD and I will not be 
influenced by tbe ineffective 
activilles of this government. I 
strongly believe tbat the students of 
UCSD need new minds and new 
leadersbip to represent them . 
Many of the issues and proposals 
that we are active in ' are very 
practical and will directly affect 
the students. We will implement 
new and creative programming, a 
student job training program 
giving better career guidance, new 
forms of transit to the University 
Towne Centre , more athletic 
funding, decreasing book prices, 
and decreasing housing and 
parking costs. I, Ed Thalheimer, 
can make your government work 
for you by electing THALHEIMER 
and AMOS on May 2nd and 3rd. 

By similar token, we need an individual who will feverishly lobby for 
incremental increases in media allocations whenever they be warranted. 
Again, Jamie Montgomery is our man as time and again he bas proven 
bimself an eloquent and e(ficacious spokesman for various and sundry 
r.ampus causes witb s.pecific respect to freedom of expression. 

Jamie Montgomery: an individual of depth and experience. But most 
importantly, a concerned, energetic individual of patent, unequivocal 
intearity. 

BOGDAN R. MADUROWICZ 
STEVE LUCK 

CRAIG P. GREENE 
TERRANCE A. KILLILEA 

BOON HUGKEY . 
MARTY WEINREICH 

Beedle: owner or idiot? 
Editor: 

After reading Sam Beedle's opinion on Proposition 13 I can only 
conclude that he is either an apartment house owner or an idiot. 

B~dle. believes .that education, health care and the price of his UC 
reg~stration fees will not be affected by the Jarvis bill. How naive can you 
get. 

PETER LAURA 

ED THALHEIMER 

Will Wright's talk not cheap 
Editor: 

I'd like to make a few remarks in response to Paul 
Starrs' April 21st letter, " Will Wright: cheap talk?" 
Mr. Starrs was furious because Will Wright didn't live 
up, in one lecture, to the reputation he seems tohaveas 
an "activist", a " vehement radical." He complained 
that he was all " talk without action, was decrying 
American society without trying to see an 
':alternative implemented." Starrs conceives of Will 
as an organizer who isn't acting as an organizer 
should. Having been in several of Will 's classes, and 
feeling as if I have som~ understanding of his position 
and feelings , I resent Starrs' violent criticism of a man 
whom he admits he'd never heard before, and didn 't 
even stick around to hear his full lecture to the 
Wilderness Class. 

Will Wright is not a revolutionary activist. He is a 
professor, and his job is to teach, to lecture, to help 
students think critically for themselves, not to work 
" long hours door to door caucasing" or to attempt to 
implement social reforms in our society. He is not an 
"organizer." 

As easy as Starrs might think it is for Will to lecture 
on the brainwashing and socially stifling technical 
training which is called education at UCSD (among 
other universities) , as easy as he thinks it is to be " self 
righteous and moral while an integral and salaried 
part ofthe evil," itis notatall easy. If Will bad stuck to 
traditional politically neutral topics , he would 
probably be back next year. But although he is not an 
activist organizer, he is a troublemaker to the big 
brass scientists running the school, and as of June he 
will no longer be a " salaried part of the evil. " 

Will bas played an incredibly important role at this 
university, and I pity those students who are being 
deprived of the opportunity of hearina him, a lone 
voice of nonconformity amidst a predominantly 
scientific and technological school. Will is definitely 
biased against scientific advancement, but almost 
everyone else who is employed at UCSD is very biased 
toward scientific advancement, and I adamantly 
believe that the questions and problems that Will ' 
raises are incredibly important to an awareness of 
reality that is brought about by critical thinking. 
Without differing opinions, education becomes a 
matter of filling heads with preconceived facts , 
" truths" which become simply dogma, accepted 
without understanding, without questioning. One 
doesn' t have to agree with Will to benefit from his 
ideas. One does have to listen tb what he says and 
consider it seriously. I have personally seen nineteen 
year old Jitudents as well as sixty year old scientists 
become absolutely incensed , outraged to the point tbat 
it is almost amusing to hear them defend their sacred 
science against Will 's sometimes bizarre (and always 
intentionally so) statements. It,. amusing until one 
stops to think that these nineteen year old are so 
absolutely commited to the beliefs that have been 

.instilled in them that they will not evert listen to a 
different opinion. 

Will Wright is no " a rmchai r revolutionary." He is a 
brilliant profe sor who has had a lot of problems, 
ending in the 10 s of his position at UCSD, because he 
had the courage to question those in power, and their 
fundamental belie r . But this questioning is essential 
to an understanding or those fundamenta l beliefs. As 
John Mill said in his essay, On Liberty , " To refuse 
hea ring an opinion b cau e they are ure that it is 
false, is to assu me that lh ir certainty is th arne 
thing as absolute certainty . All ilencing of di cus ion 
is an assumption of infallability." 

No one can have absolute certa inty. I am grateful 
that I had the advantage of hearing this man, for he is 
the one professor I've encountered here who taught 
me to think critically Cor myself and not take 
everything I am taught as Absolute Truth . 

SUSAN STONE 

Prop 1 clarified 
Editor: 

In the upcoming election, ,students will be asked to 
vote on Proposition I , the issue of CalPIRG funding. To 
'minimize confusion, I would like to clarify woat 
Prop. I , entails. 

If passed, Prop. 1 would give students the choice to 
pay an additional $2.00 CalPIRG fee whicb would be 
included in the fee totaL sbown on the fee card. 

If a student wishcs to pay the CalPIRG fee, he or she 
does nothing. He simply submits his fee card as usual. 

If the student wishes not to pay the fee; then he must 
sign an additional card wbich will be included in the 
registration packet and submit the additional card 
and the regular fee card to the cashier. 

It is important to note tbat voting "yes" on Prop. 1 
doesn't obligate the student to pay any additional 
money. That choice is made at registration. 

I urge all students to vote .in the election and to 
~upport Prop. 1. 

JEFFREY EHRLICH 

Sam: For the dogs 
Editor: 

There are a few students who have overlooked a 
truly outstanding candidate for AS President in the 
pre-election hulJabaloo of posters, banners and 
balloons. . 

His name is Sam. No last name. Just Sam. 
Sam does not walk on two feet. He has two furry 

ears, a wet nose and a tail. 
Sam realizes that the student government is already 

in the dog house - that's why he wants to get inside. 
Sam will bring a dogmatic approach to student 

government. Allhe needs is YOUR vote to win. 
UCSD needs a dog. And Sam wants to be unleashed 

on UCSD! 
TOM TANANA 

Cohen stands out 
Editor: 

From the brief experience that I had at the Third 
College Assembly to the people runnins for the office, 
there appeared to be some well qualified candidates 
competing for the office of vice-president. However I 
feel the qualifications and enthusiasm of one 
candidate tands out. From past experience I feel 
qualified in stating that Rachel Cohen is a person who 
is capable of handling such a position. This year I have 
worked with her on the Third College Program Board 
and ,with everal other activities . Rachel is a 
dedi ca ted and involv~d worker, someone who 
commits herself to gelling thing done. This coupled 
with he ~ genuine e nthu s la m to get things 
accomplJshed, make her the mor des irabl 
candidate for AS Vice-president. 

INDY DAUGHERTY 

triton times Pege5 
Opinion Abstention ••. 
Moser slate thanks groups (Continued from page 2) But the joke of it is that everybody knows it's true . Evtrybody knows what these school politicians are. Do they really think they' re fOOling 

anyone? C'mon, boys, we're all on to you . Wby make a ny worse fools of 
yourselv!!s than you have to? Admit it. You' re all a bunch of power· hungry 
!go-mamacs. Editor: This past year the ASUCSD has 

failed to solicit input from anyone 
outside its office. As candidates, we 
feel that the only way the AS can 
function effectively is to use itS 
resources. tbat is , the college 
coun.cils, proaram boards , 
orgaDlzations and clubs. We see the 
AS as a catalyst where student 
needs are formulated into 
programs. We would like to thank 
the following groups for their input 
and good ideas: 

Warren Commuter Board ; 
Revelle Community Center; Sea 
Deucers. Carlos Montero; Black 

Write-in 
Potato Head 
Editor: 

People should watch out , for 
democracy may be dead at UCSD. 
From the way I understand the 
ballot system for the upcoming AS 
elections to work there will be no 
way to write in the candidate of 
your cboice, be it a potato, a dog or a 
person you feel may be more 
qualified for the job (which there 
are many) . In a move for a faster, 
computerized system of balloting, 
there is simply no space for a write 
in candidate. If one does write in 
your favorite, it will not be counted, 
or if you write it in to a name 
already on the ballot then vote for 
it , your vote will go for the person 
you have crossed off. Then the next 
person, by voting for the potato 
maybe, will vote for an unknown 
person, giving the whole process an 
uncertainty about who really won. 
Regardless of this computer, I urge 
people to write in their choice, 
hopefully for Mr. Potato Head, 
whether it be in a special box, or on 
the ballot itself. 

DAN ALMOUR 

• • • • 
--

Stud.ent. Union; MECbA; Trident 
Christian Fellowship ; Latin 
American Student Union, Rosindo 
Lugo; MuirInterns; Muir Program 
Board; Revelle, Third , Muir " 
Warren RAs. 

address these concerns as soon as 
we are elected into office. 

We have incorporated your ideas 
into our platform and plan to 

GARY MOSER 
BILL SIVA 

CHUCK FLORES 
BRENDA BRUMFIELD 
MARLENE PETERSON 

CARLOS MONTALVO 

VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE----____ _ 

Revelle College 
Elections 

Tues, May 2 Be Wed, May 3 
10-4 
~ Revelle students can vote for 
S? candidates: 
" Reven. ReDrneat.tive 
~ toASUcsD S? Vote for l 
" Br" Dreder 

Doa .... M. Satto. 
no ... Vetmaa 
Jeaalllllrie Da.oac"el 
Sam Lipeo. 
Ke. Mayer 
N.acy Joy Lag. 
Laae Stewart 

/ 

the following positio~s and ~ 

ReveUe Co •• ittee oa ;;I 
CoUege Affain (RCCA)~ 
Vote for 6 0 

JeH Siln...... ;;I 
Loretta Via 
Gregory J. Lanea 
Mark Laaba •• 
Katlalee. S ...... _ 
LieaM. Brey 
S .... Z.ei.er 
Carl Sclalouer 
Jeff Joan 
Lia" Cowc" 
KilDTho.pao. 
Eric Zim.er 
Dave Kapfer 
Br .. Bar .... 

The candidates' statements will be displayed at each poll 
Ballots at aU polls 

VOTE TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY 
VOTE VOTE 

But I don't want to be totally negative. I have a suggestion. On Herada 's 
ballot they offer them the choice of not only Democrat or Republican, but 
they have also a slot labeled, " none of the above" for voters to pick. I 
suggest that UCSD also offer this " none of the above" option on its ballot. 
Students could then vote for what we really believe in . 

The only problem is, wbat student politician would agree to put it on the 
ballot? 

ARTIE LOMBARD 

Walk on Downl! 
NEW WORLD RECORD CO. 

Al=. 
"UI 

3211 Holiday Court 
La Jolla Phone: 455-5580 

at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 
entry street to La Jolla Village In 

SALE! Top 20 Hits only $4.99 each 
(per ""' •• ', lilt 57.911 

Exceptions: Saturday Night Fever and 
Weekend in LA. $7.79 

(per ~,1iIt $12.911 

SALE ENDS MAY 13 
Brillf this ad and save 75e off all Items $4.00 or more not covered by our 
sale. 

. Store Hours - Open 7 Days 
Mon-Fn: 10 to 9:30 pm Sat: 10 to 7 P(II Sun: 11 to 5 pm 

Edison perfected the light 
San Mi9Uel perfected the dark .. 

• • 
--

• 

Discover the unique taste of San' Miguel Cerveza Negra. 
Smoother because itls naturally hrewed. Richer and 
darker because we roast the malt. 
Have a San Miguel Beer. And let it be dark. 

Imported by San MIguel Internabonai- USA 

--
. -. --. • • • . -

-
• 



~. 

onday 
~ n. .. ten buebaU lame on Tuesday nipt, May 23. 

_ Advaace tickets ,2 ,at Warren Provost Office until May 16, 
Monday tbru Friday Sponsored by Warren Cabinet. 

1-7 am: Meditatio Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
aittinJ meditation. . Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5115 for infonnatioll. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

• am-$ pm: Wr.tiq Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free. 

9Pea 18 am-l pm: Pale One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

12 800.1 pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
ailent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office. Student 
Center. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room.2 
12-2 pm, 4 ... pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division Biology and Chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
!-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Revelle: What Can Your Humanities or Social 

Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to discuss options. Please call 452-3490 . 
Revelle Provost Office. 

4-5 pm: Karate. West Balcony. 
4 ... pm: Table Tennis. Rec. ConI. Room. 
4 ... pm: Disabled Students Gymnastic Class. Contact Physical 

Education Office for info - 452-4032. Location: South Balcony of the 
Main Gym. 

4: 30-8 pm: International Workers Day Celebration - music by 
" Bread and Roses" and "Long Time Friends" and refreshments. 
Free. Location: Groundwork Books. 

3 pm: Why Eurocommunism? A slide show and discussion with 
Andrew Winnick, professor, of political economy, Marxist Studies 
Program, Antioch College. HSS 1330 - sponsored by URPE & PEG. 

5-5: 45 pm: Conditioning Workshop. Wrestling Room. 
5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
5:30-7 pm: Belly Dance. West Balcony. 
6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. International Center. 
6: 30 pm: Snow Ski. Important meeting. Election of officers. Rec. 

Conf. Room. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167 . 
7: 30 pm: Covenant Community (Lutheran, Roman Catholic, 

Episcopal) . University-Community Church, . 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive. 

7: 30 pm: Film: Sacco and Vanzetti (USA) sponsored by Committee 
for World Democracy and Third World Studies. TLH 107. Free. 

7: 30 pm: AMAS (Association of Medical Arts and Science) 
meeting. Student Organizations Conference Room, Student Center. 

8-11 pm: Israeli FolkDancing. Instruction 8-9 pm, free dancing 9-11 
pm. 

8-11 pm: Associated Students Free Movie - "A Song is Born." 
AP&M 2113. Free. 

8-11 pm: May Day General Assembly - concerned with issues of 
class solidarity and self-determination. What roles of students? 
Revelle Formal Lounge and Revelle Cafeteria . Free. Sponsored by 
Organization/Support Group of the Student Co-op Union. 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that enoourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

Tuesday 
Air Resources Board, State of California: Interview. For more 

information and to make an appointment contact Career Planning 
and Placement Office, Building B, Student Center Complex. 

Padres vs. Dodgers baseball game on Tuesday night. May 23. 
Advance tickets $2 .85, at Warren Provost Office until May 16. 
Sponsored by Warren Cabinet. 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation . Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free. 

10 am-4 pm: Campus-wide Election. 
Open 10 am-:; pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 

rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167 . 
1%-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12 noon-I pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 

silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12-2 pm and 4 ... pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
124 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
12: 30-2 pm: Sex Clinic. For individuals or couples seeking 

information or counseling about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates, 
facilitator. Call Yo:a nda at x3490 for information and to sign up. 
Revelle Counseling OHice, at Revelle Provost's Office. 

2 pm: Solid State Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. David Miller, 
UCSD. Topic: Molecular Beam Scattering from Solid Surfaces _ 
Information on Stl"' Icture, Phonons Spectra, and the Gas-Surface 
Potential. Location: APM 2250. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: WhaL Can Ycur HumAnities or Social 
Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to discuss options. Please call 452-3587 . Muir 
Apts. Lounge. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: What Can You Do With Your Major? An 
informal discussion with Math, Engineering and Physical Sciences 
advisor Maxine Ba /ley about various career issues. Call 4524390 . 
Third Provost Offic _. 

4 pm: Seminar - Chemical PhYSics. Professor P.J. Stephens, 
Department of Chemistry, University of Southern California . Room 
2622, Undergraduate Sciences Building. Postseminar refreshments 
in Urey Room. 

4 pm: Regents' Lecturer Deputy As istant Secretary of Defense 
Harold Chase will lecture on " Do We Have An Imperial Supreme 
Court?" HL 1402. 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 

triton times Pege ; 

hat's,O • 5/1-5/7 5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation Office. Student Center. 9 am-S pm: Writing Clinic - help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free . 10-11 am or 11 am-12 noon: Revelle: What Can You Do With Your Major? An informal discussion with Math, Engineering and PJlysical 
Sciences advisor Maxine Bailey about various career issues . 
Location: Revelle Provost Office. A Weekly 'Guide to Campus Events Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

10: 15 am: Ice Skating. Ice Capades Chalet. 4-$ pm: David Antin, Professor of Visual Arts, UCSD will give a 
presentation for the Warren College Writing Program lOB lecture 
series. TLH 107. Free. 

5-'7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
5: SO pm: Student Health Advocate Program. Student 

Organizations Conference Room, Student Center. 
6 pm: Women's Center general meeting. Come and meet some 

interesting people. New members always welcome. Women's 
Center, Student Center Complex. 

6 pm: Union of Jewish Students planning a meeting. Get involved 
before the quarter and Ralph sink slowly in the west. Student 
Organizations Meeting Room, Student Center. 

6: 30 pm: UCSD Muir Outing Club meeting. Presentation on the 
management of the wilderness resources in the San Diego area (in 
particular, the Anza Borrego Desert). Speakers will be James 
Whitehead, retired head of the San Diego District, Forest Service and 
Harriet Allen, representative from Desert Protective Council Inc. 
Rec. Gym Conference Room. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 
Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

7-10 pm: Experiments in preventive medicine continues. Today's 
session will be on exercise (put on by A.M.A.S.). Humanities Library 
Auditorium. 

'7: 30 pm: Weekly meeting of Trident Christian Fellowship. Michael 
Evans-Laing on " Historical Validity of Scripture: Evidence for 
Belief. " Everyone welcome. Revelle Formal Lounge. 

7: 30 pm: Organizational meeting of UCSD Backgammon and 
Cribbange Club. Come help us organize and plan events. Discovery 
Hall Lounge. Free. 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information . 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

8: 30 pm: Dr. Hunter S. Thompson lecture on Fear and Loathing at 
UCSD. Father of gonzo journalism; required attendance. Revelle 
Cafeteria . Admission: students 52.50. general $3 .50. 

Wednesday 
Teledyne Ryan Aeronautical: Interview. For more information 

and to make an appointment contact Career Planning and Placement 
Office, Bldg. B., Student Center Complex . 

PaCires vs. the Dodgers baseball game on Tuesday night, May 23 . 
Advance tickets $2.85, at Warren Provost Office until May 16. 
Sponsored by Warren Cabinet. 

6-'7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation Office, Student 
Center. . ' 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - help with course papers . For 
appointmetn call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free. 

10 am4 pm: Last day to vote in Campus-wide Elections. 
Open 10 am·5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 

rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
10-11 am or 11 am-12 noon: What Can You Do With Your Major? An 

informal discussion with Math, Engineering and Physical Sciences 
advisor Maxine Bailey about various career issues. Location: Career 
Planning and Placement, Bldg. B, Student Center Complex. 

12 noon: AMES 205, Seminar No. 4. Film Series . "Changing the 
Weather." 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 

Noon: UCSD Single Parents Group meets Wednesday from noon to 
1 pm in Revelle Informal Lounge to discuss topics such as "38 Going 
on 17", sexuality, children in transition, letting go of the past, the 
dating game and single parenting. Bring a sack lunch and join the 
interaction. All faculty, staff, students and community single parents 
are welcome. 

12-1 pm: Gonditioning. Wrestling Room . 
12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 

silent sitting meditation . Free. Instruction provided, if desired . Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation Office. Student 
Center. 

12-2 pm, 4-4i pm: Gymnastics . South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Warren: What Can Your Humanities or Social 

Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to discuss options. Location: Warren 
Provost Office. 

2-3 pm or 34 pm: Muir: What Can You Do With Your Major? An 
informal discussion with Math, Engineering and Physical Sciences 
advisor Maxine Bailey about various career issues. Location: Muir 
Apts . Lounge. • 

4 pm: Marine Chemistry Seminar, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. Speaker: Professor Edward Goldberg, SID . Subject: 
"Pollutants in the Southern California Coastal Zone." 307 Vaughan 
Hall. Free. " 

4 pm: Colloquium. Speaker: Dr. Richard Greene, IBM. Topic: 
Research at IBM . Location: USB 2622. Dr. Greene will discuss how at 
IBM basic research is used in conjunction with applied research (and 
development) to produce new technology and products. A few 
examples, such as magnetic buble storage and Josephson junction 
computers, will be reviewed. This talk is intended as part of the APS 
sponsored Visiting Physicist Program. Students may meet with Dr. 
Greene on Thursday , May 4, 10:30-12, in MH 3405, for further 
discussions. 

4-5 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
4-5 pm: Karate. West Balcony. 
41 pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Class. Contact Physical 

Education Office for info - 452-4032. Location: South Balcony of the 
Main Gym . 

5 pm: SATCH, Students Active Toward Community Health -
general meeting. Agenda: Sign up (or participation in activities -
Cinco de Mayo Booth, Women in Medicine, Bakke Panel, and 
recruitment days for USC and UCLA . North Conference Room . 

5 pm: Graduate Student Council meeting. The proposed 1978-79 
Stud nt Center Budget will be review d. East Conferenc Room , 

Student Center .. 
5 pm: Jazz Dance. West 
5-5:45 pm: Conditioning . Wres tling Room. 
6 pm: Bicycle MalJJ";IIG1"'';~ Free. Fix your own wheels , 

gears, brakes, etc. Bike Center. 
6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. lnte. on Center. 
6-10 pm: Ballroom 1.1,,11.\.:<:: . filillUlll . Room. 
7 pm: Hey! We're all here at UCSD. The Gospel of 

Jesus Christ is the only ure to be truly happy . Come tothe 
LDS Institute. At clean. little hou e acros the street from 
Tenaya Hall. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is 
Located in Muir Commons, 

7: 30 pm: "The Spirit's Pm .... l>r.1II 
" What Christians Bel 
University-Community C'"l1l:II .• ., 

8 pm·12 midnight: The 
place for students which 
refreshments, and 
452·3092 (evenings) for 
Campus . Free: 

Thu 

place to turn to for info and rap. 
& Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

Lifestyle" - Seminar on> 
mpus Pastor John Huber. 

Jolla Shores Drive. 
is a comfortab le gathering 
entertainment, a variety of 

rage interaction. Telephone: 
ram information. 711 Warren 

UC San Diego: Interview. information and to make an 
appointment contact Career and Placement Office, Bldg .• 
B, Student Center Complex. 

Padres vs. tire Dodgers DaseO;.d"I1~ on Tuesday night. May 23. 
Advance tickets $2.85 , at Provost Office until May 16. 
Sponsored by Warren Cabi 

6-7 'am: Meditation provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Loca Meditation Office, Student 
Center. 

with course papers. For 

t Can You Do With Your 
di51CU!!si~,n.f1a:tn .Engineerin" and Physical 

vanous career issues. Warren 

place to turn to for info and 
5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

faculty. Ou~ first faculty 
member is Ellen Commisso, your questions and a sack 
lunch. Women's Center. 

12 ooon-l pm: Meditation UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. _ ''''''m provided, if desired. Can 
755-5995 for information. ~:auo .. ''' ' Meditation Office, Student 
Center. 

12 ooon-l pm: Dr. Jeffrey ASSOCiate Professor (Marine 
Chemistry) Scripps Inst. will discuss his research 
with students in an i ession. Lemonade and 
coffee available. Revelle r . Sponsored by Revelle 
Program Board. Part of Noon Seminar Series." 
Open to all. 

12-2 pm: Conditioning. WreSu.'UUIlI 
12-2,41 pm: Gymnastics . leony. 
12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry free walk·in tutoring help for 

12 noon-I pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation' Office, Student 
Center. 

12-1 pm: Weight Maintenance Group. This group will use a 
behavior modification approach towa rd maintaining desired weight. 
It will include re-Iearning of eating patterns. and behaviors 
aossicated with food and eating will be taught. Sharing of solutions, 
group problem-solving and discussion will go on. 412 Warren 
Campus. Call x3755 . Diane Evans, facilitator. 

12-2.41 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - free w,alk-in tutoring help for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
12: 05 : Marine Biology Seminar , Scripps Institution of 

Oceanography. Speaker: Dr. Richard Weiss, San Diego State 
University. Subject: " Gametic cell fusion in green algae." 4500 
Marine Biology Bldg. Free. 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 
4 ... pm: Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
4-4i pm: Disabled Studerits Gymnastics Class. Contact Physical 

Education Office for info - 4524032. Location: South Balcony of the 
Main Gym. 

5 pm-midnight: Need a quiet, supportive place to study on Friday 
nights? Students for Supportive Allopathic Study (SSAS) will open 
Garren Auditorium, BSB 1105, to all UCSD students as a study hall on 
Fridays from 5 pm-12 midnight. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

6: 30 pm: UJS Oneg Shabbat - Special Program by Graduating 
Seniors - Folk dancing, singing, slide show. International Center. 
Bring dairy food . . 

6: 30 pm: Oneg Shabbat, special night featuring this year's seniors, 
and a retrospective slide presentation by Romboff. International 
Center. 

7 pm and 9: 30 pm showings: Movie - • 'Seven Beauties". Sponsored 
by University Events Office . USB 2722 . Admission $1.25 . 

"Effective College Study Techniques", a UC San Diego Extension 
intensive workshop to prepare students in such basic skills as time 
scheduling, effective reading, note taking. writing term papers, and 
test-taking strategies. 7-10 pm Fri. and 9 am-4 pm Sat. Auditorium, 
Humanities Library Bldg., Revelle Campus, UCSD. Fee: $35. 

=l "The Science Fiction Marketplace" ,a UC San Diego Extension ! seminar on writing and selling science fiction. 7-10 pm Fri . and9 am4 
;' pm Sat. Rm. 124, Media Center/Communications Bldg., Third 

College Campus, UCSD. Fee: $35. 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
r 7: 30 pm: Alpha Omega Alliance: Lecture on the ascended masters 

and their relation to astrology. Free to all . Location: Muir Bio Bldg. 
Rm. 1103 . Free. 1 pm: Regents ' Lecturer Dr. Harold Chase will discuss "Civil 

Liberties and the Problem of Terrorism . " ReveUeSouth Dining Hall. 
1 pm: Plasma Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. R.L. Miller, General 

Atomic. Topic: Transport Modelling in Doublet Tokamaks . 
Location: HL 1205. 

2·3 pm or 34 pm: Third: What Can Your Humanities or Social 
Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor tbe H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to discuss options. Please call 4524390. 
Location: Bldg. 412, Room 13. 

24: 30 pm: Job Hunting Workshop- a workshop where you' ll learn 
the fundamentals of the job hunt, including resume writing and job 
interview practice. No appointment necessary, just be there. Vice-
chancellor'S Conference Room, Bldg. B, Student Center. 

3: 30 pm: Astrophysics-Space Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. 
Richard Rudy , Univ . of Oregon. Topic: Intrinsic Polarization 
in Binary Star Systems. Location: TLH 104. 

3: 30-5 pm: Graduate Student Group - This group for graduate 
students will focus on interpersonal and social concerns. Dan Munoz 
and Susan Hauer, facilitators. For additional information and to sign 
up call Dan Munoz at x3585. 2105 Humanities and Social Sciences 
Building. 

4 pm: Psychology Department Colloquium. Dr. Daniel Stokols. 
UCI, Social and Personal Determinants oC Alienation in the Small 
Group. 1110 P&L. 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 
4 ... pm: Yoga. Adaptive Room . 
6 pm: Advanced Bicylce Maintenance Class. For the slightly 

skilled bike riuer/mechanic - fix your own bike. Bike Shop, The 
Student Genter. Free. 

6-9- pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - free walk-in tutoring help for 
lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 

7 pm: Surf Club meeting. APM 2250. 
7: 00 pm: Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All are 

welcome. Student Office Argo Hall. 
7-9 pm: Juggling. Rec. Conl. Room. 
7-10 pm: Fencing. West Balcony. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to forinfo and rap . 

Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
7: 30 pm: Film: "Ireland: One Day Free" - winner of San 

Francisco Film Festival. This film documents the Irish Freedom 
struggle to the present day Northern Ireland conflicts. TLH 107. 
Free. 

8 pm: Evening with Ed Harkins - trumpet player, vocalist, 
composer. Mandeville Auditorium. 

8 pm-I! rnidDlpt The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Phone: 452-
3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

10: 30 pm: Ice Hockey. Mira Mesa House of Ice. 

Friday 
US Coa ,Guard: Interview. For more information and to make an 

appointment contact Career Planning and Placement Office. 8ldg. 
B, Student Center Complex. 

6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
Sitting meditation . Free. Instruction provided, if desired . Call 755-

9 pm-I am: Midnight Son returns for a night of all-round dancing 
and good times. Side Door/Ubiquity. Admission: $1.00. 

Saturday 
"The Callaway Winery: Tour and Taste" , a UC San Diego 

Extension program led by lecturer/food and wine consultant Bert 
Howard . Wine will be served with box lunch from Jurgensen 's, La 
Jolla. 8: 45 am4 pm Sat. Participants meet at Fashion Valley 
Shopping Center - southwest corner between Penney's and 
Convention Center. Fee: $39, includes transportation, food and wine. 
Pre·enrollment suggested by May 1. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass. University·Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 

5 pm- 12 midnight: Need a quiet place to study Saturday night? 
Students for Supportive Allopathic Study, a student organization 
open to all UCSD students, will open Garren Auditorium BSB 1105 as 
a study hall on Saturday nights. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

7: 30-10 pm: Lecture; Willie Unsoeld - on his Mt. Everest 
Expedition. TLH 107. Free. Sponsored by Outing Club. 

8 pm-2 am: Mecha Dance - a dance with live band and 
refreshments. Revelle Cafeteria. Free. 

8: 30-12 midnight: Pablo Cruise Concert - with its recent A&M 
single " Watcha Gonna Do? ". Main Gym . Admission: UCSD 
students: $5.50, other $6.SO . 

Sunday 
8: 30 am: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
10 am: New Sermon series on " Ephesians" begins during Lutheran 

Communion Service. University·Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. 

10: 30 am: Catholic Ma s. University-Community Church. 
12: 03 pm: Episcopal Eucharist. University-Community Church, 

9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
I pm: Center for Psychological Revolution. Introductoryl video-

di cussion programs on a new way to organize life. 1529 Hornblend 
Street, Pacific Beach. 273-4673 . Free. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
6-9 pm: Biology-Chemistry Climc - free walk-in tutoring help for 

lower division biology and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Commons. next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
.. An Evening of Jewish Humor with R~b\)i Samuel Penner", 

presented by UC San Diego Extension. Emphasis on the great 

presented by UC San Diego Extension. Emphasis on the great impact 
of Jewish humor on American literature and rna culture. 8 pm Sun., 
Mandeville Center, Cluster Center, UCSD. Fee: $5, $2.50 all students 
with valid 10 . 

8 pm: Piano Recital - in honor of Brahm' birthday. Speaker: 
Peter Kairoff, 1st place winner La Jolla Civic Youth Talent Amlition 
1977 . Music by Brahms, Schubert, other . Recital Hall. 

8 pm-I! mldnlgh : Ttle Outback Cafe is a comfortable gath ring 
place for stud nt which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshment . and activitie that encourage interaction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 

ampu . Fr . 



Plf»rl»cks 
Exclu.wly 
1J:!i!~· 

All 1/2 price 
10c to $1.00 
or tr. 2 for 1 

Clauica 
Belt Sell.n 

Imparted greeting card •. 
postcards. gift wrap and 
pasters. 
"Marcel Schurman" ucluslv.IV. 

Open until 9 PM 
737 ",.ri·Suit. 108 

(next to the Soup Exchi.nClt) 
La Joll. 

CHARTERS 
YORK $189 to 

end 01 March. Weekl~ 199 
1.2 & 3 week duration $179 to 
or Hila. Slarting mid·llprli 199 

Qf 1& 2 weeks. 

Ma~ W .. kl~ fhghls 
. .5. & 6 weeks dural"" , 

$399 to 
449 

$499 to 
529 

$399 to 
. 449 

$429 to 
479 

$479 to 
499 

Fly to one city • Return T~ the otIW. 

LONDON & PARIS 479 
LONDON & ROME 499 

I PARIS l ROME 499 
Startinr end of April. NHklyfllrhts 
of 3 , 4 weeks duratton. 
All Chartlfs round trip from los 

7815 Ivanhoe 
Phone 

459-0844 

Arts/Entertainment 
"A critic's critic" 

Farber exhibit to be held soon 

TIlT I'tIII~AIIA TlOII 
I"CIALIITI IIIICI ,_ 

Vilit OUr Center. 
And Set for Yourltlf 

WIIr W ..... Tilt Diff.renee 
Call Gays, EVIl • W ... tlldl 

~n Dieoa Center 
2180 Garn.t AWl . 

Pecific Buch 92109 

Phone (71') 27H11. I 

Manny Farber, an artist who 
works in worda as wen as paint, 
will exhibit both in a dual tour 
de force at the La Jolla Museum 
of Contemporary Art next 
month where a Farber retro-
spective exhibition opens May 5 
and on Friday eveniq, May 12, 
Farber starts a four-part 
film/lecture aeries called 
"Critic'S Choice," in Sberwood 
Hall. 

For the series, the noted New 
York critic win discuss a pair of 
Hollywood movies from the 
early 30s and 40s . and two 
modem German-made films of 
the late 60s and early 70s. 

" Christmas in July" , a 
Paramount film produced in 
1940 and directed by Preston 
Sturges, will be shown May 12. 

NEED SUMMER 
INCOME? 

For appointment, call 
222·2181 

8-10 am ~7 pm 

It stars Dick Powell and Ellen 
Drew. 

On May 19 , Farber will 
discuss "Me and My Gal" , a 
1932 film produced by Fox Film 
Corp. Directed by Raoul Walsh . 
it stars Spencer Tracy and Joan 
Bennett. 

The Gennan films, "History 
Lessons" and " Katzelma-
cher". will be showh May 26 
and June 2. "Lessons", filmed 
in color in 1973, is a political 
film directed by Jean-Marie 
Straub, one of West Gennany's 
new directors. 

"Katzelmacher" , a black 
and white production filmed in 
1969, was directed by Rainer 
Werner Fassbinder and stars 
Hanna Schgulla, Fassbinder 
and Hans Herschmuller. 

Born in 1917 and reared on 
Lon Chaney movies, cowboy 
films and slapstick comedies, 
Farber "didn ' t like MGM 
movies almost from the 
beginning; it seemed in that 
period it was Warners against 
MGM, and my family went for 
Warners - but we saw every-
thing." 

After attending the Univer-

champion of American action 
movies long before many oC the 
current French or American 
Olympians of film criticism 
first came on the scene." 

According to Farber, art 
today is a whole new ball,ame, 
demandin, a new critical 
approach. '~The way a perton 
looks at either a movie or a 
painting is so diCferent from the 
way it was four years ago. ten 
years ago. So is the way a 
person makes a movie, a 
painting or a short story - the 
goals - your audience has 
changed." 

Farber now teaches film and 
paintjng here at UCSD . A 
collection of his reviews , 
reprinted from The New 
Republic, The Nalion, Arl-
forum, etc., under the title 
"Negative Space" was pub-
lished in 1971 and reprinted in 
paperback as " Movies . II A 
National Endowment for the 
Art Writer's grant will give him 
next year off to finish a new 
book. 

~----------' sity of California, Stanford and 

"Critic's Cho.ice" lectures 
begin at 8 pm. Admission for 
members and students is $3 
(series) and $1 (single); for 
others $5 (series) and $1.50 
(single) . P'"'---------------------.., the California School of Fine Arts, Farber become a film 

critic for The New Republic in 
1942, later appearing regularly 
in Time, The Nation and 
ArUorum. By the late SOs he 
was also exhibiting his 
paintings regularly in New 
York, Boston, San Francisco, 
Los Angeles and San Diego. 

ASPECT .nd UEO prnent: 

FEAR AND LOATHING 
AT UCSD 

Dr. Hunter S.-Thompson 
Tuesday, May 2nd 
Revelle Cafeteria 

8:30 pm 
Admission: $2.50 Students 

$3.50 General 
On sale at Box Office 
for Inlo. call 452-4559 

Immigration 
Law 

Daniel W. Henry 
Attorney at Law 

Associated with 
1- Law Offices of 

Otto F. Swanson 
Los Angeles 

625 Third Ave. 
Chula Vista, CA 
(714) 425-0820 

737 Pearl no. 201 
La Jolla, CA 

(714) 454-9446 
Se Hab/a Espanol 

F ala Portugues 

According to S.J . Perelman, 
film critic Farber is "a critic's 
critic whose greatest influence 
has been on other writers ." 
Jack Kroll of Newsweek calls 
Farber a half legendary 
figure , " (one) of the best film 
critics of all time." 

To Richard Loeke , oftheNew 
York Times, he is, " A Titan. a 

Third College •.. 

Following the film showings 
and discussion . the museum's 
galleries will be open to view 
Farber's paintings . More than 
60 of them, representing the 
artist 's work of the last 20 
years , are included in the 
current retrospective which 
runs concurrently with the 
film/lecture series. 

The Museum is located at 700 
Prospect Street in La Jolla. It is 
open on weekdays. 10 a m to 5 
pm, weekends. 12: 30 pm to 5 pm 
and Wednesday evenings , 7 pm 
to 10 pm. The museum is closed 
on Mondays. 

In January, 1978, the council 
reviewed the survey results 
and previous history of the 
naming process and decided to 

(Continued from page 1) submit to the college a 
to submit for a Cormal vote preference ballot containing 
" The Third College" as the the names Frederick Douglas , 
permanent name. Martin Luther King and Third 

After extensive discussion College. The two names which 
within the college. a mail ballot received the most vote on the 
was conducted In May 1976, but preference ballot , Third 
because of the close student College and Martin Luther 
vote it was decided by the King, were then submitted on 
council not to request approval the final ballot. 
by the Regents of the name The selected name will 
" The Third College" but to please a large number of 
place the matter in abeyance alumni, as they have fought 
for a year or two . long enough for the college and 

,..".--------...".----1 have grown attached to its 
"PtfOOE',1 ON STAR \JAls, " s"(s name, said Varga. 
vc.t. ........... ~p"cc __ V\ So<\C: RP~IS , Varga said on both the 

\,o,v;",~ be(':VI "'r-ou ... ~ preference and final ballots. a 
s ;""",- \0':) 1oC£o(( loyal fan submitted " Leon 

W:.~ SI<.Y..,Q! k(t" Spinks College" as a write-in 
"-Jo.~ jv-" 0, ~Ie~ vote . " This name may be a 
iVl ~;.s .(o,t'rIu)- possibility in the future . but it 

~ 'Ie I really ought to be Muhammed 
~_~'!L-___ I_. ____ • first, " Varga added. 

---" : EARN $3.50/hour : 
: Full or part-time work to distribute the 1978 : 
: Zip Code Directories in your own area. : 
,·Flexible hours around school schedule I 
: ·Work at your own pace : 
: ~Summer openings available now : 
L---____ ~}D~Z§~)11Q ________ ! 

• a...." .., 1, 1171 

Arts/Entertainment 
London To",n: 

good, 
ea.y'~:::",:.:~ 

by Tim Mackenzie 
Arts Ed'&or 

With the release of Lolfdon 
Town, Paul McCartney has 
delivered a mixed bag of goods 
with both strong and weak 
points. His first studio album 
since AI &he Speed of Sound , it 
revels in the qualities ihat 
usually make McCartney and 
Wings albums very listenable 
but ultimately forgetable. 

London Town is a collection 
of pop tunes from the pop 
master. and there are qualities 
here worth mentionmg. As 
usual, the production of the LP 
is absolutely first rate; Paul is 
one slick producer that will 
probably never mess up in the 
studio. London Town , like 
Venus and Man and Baud on 
&be RIID, has that exotic flavor 
that makes it easily accessible 
and listenable the first time out. 
And that is no easy feat for any 
album. But Paul McCartney 
undoubtedly works~ hard at it, 
and the meticulousness of that 
effort shines through. 

Being a wealthy ex-BeaUe 
and a proven platinum seller 
enables McCartney to spare no 
expense recording his albums, 
which all now are recorded a la 
BaDd OD die Ran style. His 
recordings have taken him 
from Lagos, Rigeria to New 
Orleans to London and EI Lay 
and with LoadoII Town, to a 
yacht in the Caribbean. The 
best recording and production 
that money can buy, coupled 
with the fifteen songs on the 
a lbum, make this a treat for 
McCartney's legion of fans.· 

For others who aren't easily 
impressed by slick production 
a nd exotic locales, London 

Town has shortcomings that . 
almost appear chronic in 
McCartney 's albums, namely 
the music . There are times 
when it is unfulfilling , too 
sugary, and in a word, candy-
assed. Why did he put in those 
" toot toots" on the title track? 
C'mon Paul. Linda McCartney 
sings a simple little reggae-
styled ditty called " Girl -
friend", which is probably the 
best thing I've heard her do. It's 
cute. But if her husband wasn 't 
an ex-Beatie, neither her or the 
song would qualify for any 
album anywhere. 

As for the other Wing Denny 
Laine, he continues to be at best 
adequate. His music isn't as 
good as Paul 's. nor is his vocal 
and instrumental prowess . 
Paul could save money by 
doing his own stuff. which 
would probably make the 
album sound better. . 

This is not to mean that I 
didn't like London Town, 
because I think I do. I listen to 
it, anyway. Paul has some of his 
best material on this one : 
including the flavorful "Cafe on 
the Left Bank", "Backwards 
Traveller", a tender love song 
caUed ': I'm Carryi.ng" and 
" Don't Let It Bring You 
Down." 

London Town is a well 
pl-oduced, easy listening pop 
album from the man wh9 put 
the "P" in pop, replete with 
fifteen new songs for his fans . If 
he could eliminate a few silly 
lyrics and one or two slightly 
embarrassing songs from 
London Town , McCartney 
WOuld have a stellar album. 
Believe me, Paul , it would 
make a world of difference. 

Shakespeare festival 
New dates have been announced for tbe 29th San Diego National 

Shakespeare Festival. Since fire destroyed the Old Globe Tbeatre 
on March I , alterations in the Festival schedule have been 
neceuary. 

The festival will open Thursday, June I with "King Hen!,), V" to 
be followed on Friday, June 9 with "A Midsurnnler Night's 
Dream." Both plays will be perfonned until "The Winter's Tale" 
opena on Friday, July 7. 

AU three plays wlll remain in the repertory schedule until Sept. 
17, one week after the originally announced closing date. 

Postponement from the originally announced opening date of 
May 30 is due to necessary construction oC a temporary stage for 
the 1971 Festival Season. Productions will be staged in 
amphitheatre to be constructed in a wooded glen east of the 
greenaward in the Old Globe Theatre compound in Balboa Park. 

Campaign forum ••• 
(ConlinHd from page 1) 
get elected I'd work very hard to do things that are best for the 
stUdents." 

In,answer to a question from the audience, Boozer said. "The 
reality oC the situation is that the AS has no support. To show the 
administration you have support a lot oC students have to show up 
to vote or for some event.. .untH then , we 'll have to kis the 
Chancellor' butt. " I 

AS youn, 
Jenkel, referring to the Gary Moser slate's slogan "Let's Pick 

Up the Pieces." said theslo,an impUes that "something has Callen 
apart." Jenkel disagreed with this notion, sayin, the AS is young 
and unstable and had some problems this year, but that, with 
leadership, it could come together. 

(Please tum &0 page 12) 

triton times 

PRECISION ClmlNG 
SKINCARE 

JUWET MANICURING 

A cOlllplete Hedken Salon 

3151 Holhley Ct. 
Right by La .loll. Village Ina 

45~O6l0 
I '" DISCOUNT ONSEAVICES 

~(_ witll ::'Iucien;:, ~3cull f 10 ~ Bring tll ilad .. coupon _ .. ~ . . .~ 
f ~-rnE~--------
t CATHOliC C~UNITY t Bible Prayer Group _ 
t Tuesdays 6-7 pm at Church Lounge t Run by the Catholic Students Union 
t U C Weekend Mass Sthedule -
t Sat. 5 pm at Church a S 0 Sun. 8:35 am at Church 
, 10:30 am at Church Lounge t 
l_ :.. ___ ~<>t.P.~ ~~~h _____ j 

SPECIAL GUEST 

ROGER VOUDOURIS 
useD GYM GENERAL A Di\lIS ION $6.50, 

8:00 P.M. $550 UCSD sl "d(1I1 ,,"th I D 
AVAILABLE AT THE UCSD BOX OFFICE. TUE 

U"""-Qpm. AND T/CKETR INFORAIATION 

Call 452·2080 

HOW LONG 
since you'vi seen 

a DENTIST? ~ 

UCSD DENTAl GROUP 
OPEN ALL SIIe1MER 

also 
SPOUSES Of S11IIOO'S 
may lIIYe telth cluntd 

IIId ex ... 1ned 

.on-Fri. 8 am .... pm 

STUDENT RATES 

pege • 

' ........ NHcIHeI,r 
Make a cledllotl 10 .. Y_ 

and Yow .. y C'M h. wfda. 
Free Coull .... alld Aid ' 
f'ro.t,f.l ..... HOTLINE 5I).{IF[ 

.. ... ye were sometimes darknes , 
but now are ye light in the Lord; 
walk as childi-en of light." 
Ephesians 
Christian Science is bued on the 
Bible and Science and Health 
with Key to the Scriptures by 
Mary Baker Eddy . Campus 
Counselon at UCSD Ire Paul 
and Anne Homund. Can .. 53-
5217 for an .ppointment or 
telephone ~isit . 

This is no time 
to feel insecure 

If you're going 10 make 
the most of this excit-
ing day, self-confidence 
is important. And Tampax 
tampons can really help. 

They' re uniquely comfort-
able. In fact , once a 
Tampax tampon is properly 
in place, you can' t even 
feel it. 

And you never have to 
worry about odor. Because 
when a tampon is 
in use, embarrassing odor 
doesn' t form. (Which is 
why Tampax tampons don't 
offer you a deodorant -
and the added elCpense 
that goes with it .) 

What's more, Tampax 
tampons are designed to 
conform to individual 
body contours. So 
there's less chance of 
an accident. 

Tampax tampons. Because 
there'll never be another 
day quite ;ike today. 

The In ternal j)t( te<:t,on more women trust 



triton times M.y 1,117' 

Sports 
Tritons end scoreless string 
but drop twinblll to USIU 

by Mark Stadler 
When second baseman Mark 

Sharpe hit a triple to drive in 
outfielder Joe Murray in the 
third inning of the UCSD-USIU 
baseball game Saturday, it 
broke the Tritons' scoreless 
string at 29 innings . 

However, USIU came back 
for six runs in the bottom of the 
third, and took the game, which 
was the second of a double-
header, 11-5. The Westerners 
won the first game, 1-0. 

The Tritons, now 5-29 on the 
season, travel to Pt. Lorna 
College tomorrow for the last 
game of their season. 

dependable Triton infield broke 
down and committed five 
errors. In the third inning, the 
Westerners brok~ the game 
open, with two walks, three hits 
and a hit batter, aided by two \ 
UCSD errars. 

The Tritons tallied two runs 
in the third; one in the fourth 
and two in the ninth . In the 
third, after Murray walked and 
Sharpe tripled , designated 
hitter Pat McGovern laced a 
double to score Sharpe. 

In the fourth, first baseman 
Pete Wilcox walked, outfielder 
Jim Rex singled and Murray 
·drove in Wilcox . . 

advanced him to third with a 
single , Sharpe scored on a 
basehit by s hortstop Dave 
Youngdale. . 

Sharpe, at three hits in five 
at-bats, and Dave Youngdale, 
at two-for-five , led the ll -hit 
Triton offensive attack. 

1M badminton 
For the Birds and Hairpins, 

·il re atop the Sky League and 
! aughty Gloves and Winners 
lead the Star League with 1-0 

· records after one round of 
intramural Team Badminton 
matches. 

Marc Cimolino of Hairpins 
and Mark Lautman of Naughty 
Gloves are men's leaders in 
their respective leagues. FTB's 

Tracksters 'take honors 
In SoCal championships 

The Triton streak of scoreless 
innings ~ which extended over 
all or portions of five games -
reached its low point in the 1-0. 
game Saturday, as UCSD could 
only manage one hit , a double 
by Sharpe , and two base-
runners. 

Senior righthander Vince 
Askey turned in his best effort 
of the season in the game, 
allowing only four hits, but lost 
because one of the hits was a 
homerun which barely cleared 
the fence in the fourth inning. 

In the ninth, down 11-3, the 
Tritons staged a mild rally, 
starting with Murray, who was 
hit by a pitch, then stole second. 
From there, he scored when 
Sharpe picked up his second 
RBI with a single. After third 
baseman Carl Levander 

tacy Miller and Winners ' 
Marion Curtis ·are women's 
leaders. 

Sometimes it takes a champ-
ionship meet to bring out the 
best in an athlete. In Saturday's 
SCCTF (Southern California 
College Track Federation) 
conference finals, a number of 
UCSD runners saved the best 
for last. 

In the 1500 meters, Warren 
College junior Tim Helms 
clocked a 4: 00.2 (a 4: 18.3 mile 
equivalent) in capturing all 
league honors with a third place 
finish . Helms ran a smart race, 
playing off the leaders for the 
first two laps and then finishing 
in a flurry . His last lap was 
timed in 63 seconds. Another 
Warren College junior, Jon 
Halperin, came in with all-
league honors. Halperin ran a 
4: 12.1 (4: 30 mile equivalent) in 
the 1500 meter finals to take 6th 
place. 

In the 800 meter finals, Muir 
sophomore Ron Bourret ran a 
personal best of 2: 03 . Although 
he just missed all-league with a 
seventh place finish , Bourret 
still raised his arms in joyful 
elation upon hearing his time 
over the loudspeaker. Bour-
rees splits were very even. He 
clocked a 60.8 for the first lap, 
and came back with a very 
strong 62 second finish . 

In the 5,000 meter run, three 
Tritons, Doug Jacobson, Kim 
Downs, and Peter Dolan, ran a 
race that injected some sorely 
needed team spirit into the 
UCSD contingent. The three 
runners ran as a pack for the 
whole race , as Jacobson 
(15: 31.6) finished sixth, Downs 
(15: 32) finished seventh and 
Dolan (15: 32) finished eighth. 
Downs and Dolan finished with 
personal bests, while Triton 
distance ace Doug Jacobson 
was given all-league honors. 
When asked to sum up the race, 
Revelle freshman Dolan 
remarked, "It W EIS a great 
pack, we all helped each 
other. It wasjusta g -eat pack. " 

In other competifiQJI, Triton 
Chris Sando tied for sixth place 
as he cleared six fee: ih the high jump. In the 10,000 meter run, 
sophomore Alan Be!math came 
in with a seventh plaCe finish . 

Next week, the Tr ltqns travel 
to Biola for the N AI &. [)istrict 3 
championships. The r~ce of the 
day should be the 5,,100 meters. 
Doug Jacobson will take on his 
friendly rival Danny'Edqueda 
of Point Lorna . Both will be 
shooting for a chance to go back 
to Nationals, while Esqueda 
will be trying to get revenge for 
an early season loss to the 
Triton distance star. Senior 
Kim Downs will try and finish 
his college running career on a 
hieh note. He will be running 
the steeple cha and hopes 

to run well enough to finish in 
the top five . Finally, Tim 
Helms, will try and get under 
four minutes in the 1500 meters. 
It will be the first time a Triton 
runner has done so. 

Righthander Steve Robert-
son received the loss in the 
second game, as the normally-

Golf team eyes U'SIU 
by Karen Hunter 

Staff Writer • 
As the men's golf team heads 

towards the NAIA District III 
Championships a hard task lies 
ahead of them. The challenge? 
To unseat perennial district 
superpower USIU, winner of 
the District III title for the past 
eleven·years. 

Coach Pat Patrick admits 
that the chances of his -team 
dethroning USJU are "out-
side: ; "We have to have an 
excellent day with everyone 
shooting well. On the o.ther 
hand, they have to have an off 
day." However, Patrick has a 

play~r who is a contender for 
the individual crown . Tom 
Kelly has finished in fii-st place 
in two recent tournaments 
(Torrey Pines and Warner Hot 
Springs) and is playing 
extremely well. 

Last Friday, UCSD competed 
in a seven team tourney at 
Warner Hot Springs . The 
Tritons finished in fourth 
behind USIU, San Diego State, 

and Point Lorna. The highlight 
of the afternoon was Kelly's 
"outstanding" individual first 
place finish with rounds of 69 
and 75. 

" Tom beat some awfully 
good players, " commented 
Coach Patrick. " He has an 
excellent opportunity to win 
districts. " 

Kelly also feels he has a good 
chance. He intends to "practice 
a lot during this last week 
before districts, especially on 
my putting and wedges." "I've 
beat USIU's top guy the past 
two times out so I hope I can do 
it again," Kelly remarked. _ 

The Tritons will take their top 
. four finishers from the Warner 
Tourney, as well as two more 
that are to be decided in an 

intra~team scrimmage this 
week, to the district match at 
Hesperia Country Club. The top • -
four include Kelly , John 
Cornfield (77,78), Kenzie Nicoll 
(78, 78) , and Jaimie Casso (82, 
78). 

/VOTE\ 

" 

There'. something speCial about this year'. Electlont Find out what. VOTEI 

~''''y1,1t7. triton times 

Sports 
/ 

Tritons win one, -lose one 
by Karen Hunter 

Saaff Wril!r 
Occidental Colle,e fell prey 

to the hard hitllng Triton 
badminton team last Thursday 
afternoon, 19-4, as UCSD's men 
recorded victories in every 
match. This win gives the team 
an overall season record to date 
of four wins and two losses. 

One week earlier, the Tritons 
were defeated, 17-5 by nation-
ally ranked San Diego State 
University. 

Pablo Lucero and Rick 
Adams· posted wins in men's 
singles. Doubles victories were 
recorded by Marty Preus/ 
Mark Zoller and Mark Stand-
lee/Lucero. The lone mixed 
doubles win came from David 
Steinore/Cynthia King. 

The Tritons proved their 
overall superiority with their 
second win of this season over 
Grossmont College. This time it 
was the women who won every 
match they participated in. The 
final team score was 11-5. 

Women's singles victors 
were seniors Carol Steinberg 
and Beth Goossens, Linda 
Fried and Jane Orbuch. 

This past weekend the men 

participated in the Men's 
Collegiate Nationals in the 
Federal Building in Balboa 
Park. Facing tough competi-
tion the team was eliminated in 
the early rownds of play. The 
favored teams were Arizona 
State, Long Beach State and 
San Diego State. 

Coach Fred Koch commen-
ted tha t his team " played 
better than they ever had 
before. " Joe Starvish did well , 

winning his first two roundJ but 
losing in the third. 

" I was extremely impreued 
with Hal Jacobs ' doubles play," 
Koch remarked. Jacobs aDd 
Starvish teamed up to play 
against a tough duo from UCLA 
in the third round of consola-
tions. 

Coming up next weekend are 
the California State Badminton 
Championships to be held in 
San Diego. 

This week in sports 
Tues May 2 

Fri May 5 
Fri-Sat May 5-6 

Fri-Sun May 5-7 

Sat May 6 

BaMINIII at Point Lorna College 3 pm 
Women'. Soltball at Southwestern JC 3 pm 
Women'. Soltbaill vs La Verne 3:15 pm 
TrKk and Field in District III 
Championships at Claremont 

Men'. Tennl. in Point Lorna Tourney 
Bsdmlnton in State College 

Champlons~ips in San Diego 
Men'. Rowing in Newport Beach 
Regatta 

Women'. Soccer at Robb Field 
Women'. Rowing in a to be determined 
match 

1 pm 
All Day 
All Day 

8am 

TBA 
TBA 

Classifieds 
personals 

DOUG SUTTON fOR AS REP . REVELLE 
COLLEGE' VOle y .. on Prop I. C.IPUtG needs 
upport at CSD 15111 

Surrealisl fl'Htincs to the hanSins IC'ulpt.ors, M, 
Von Oer Lubbo ISl31 

We'll move our uri ror you. Focus Helpline. 452· 
4455. (5/1) 

HerTOW and Happy B,rthday Marl! Standlee".Hey 
man, what 'alhe plyp' Enjoy 20 todaY'Dye me some 
cah. With Love? a saki it In PUBUC! ~ ) Joe Pro 
PhOlD. 

Remember \0 apply for the Muir Colle. e Coundl by 
fndaY,-May 5 in lhe MlIlr 0 ... ' Olfi«. l"3) 
(f anyone SIIW who hll my old blue Ford truck in 
Revelle lot please contac t me. 755·7'14 1$1 U 
Ordor N~w' III Warren AMual-oi people. places , 
and activities. Order MIY j · IO at 781 W,.rren 
Campus " .01 16m 

Exc1u.lve ".t.urlnt looti,.. tor terioua versatile 
female ylollolltl. Call 291_ (511) 

Lost Gold ('haln money bra~let. Sentimental 
vl:llur . If foun d ple-ase call Pilm 4$$ . 0488 

for sale 
II Volvo Itation W~IOD, RUD. excellenl. AM/ FM 

radio. radlall . best olfer. Call W ·Z745 ask for Cam 
15/ 51 
lo-.)ICed for llle, 21· · Ir ...... fur .eat, lroaland talI-
11,11". Need lube job from non-utM!. f45 .00 can He. 
34IS (5/1) 
CI ... le IUrfboard . 'S·· Morey P_. 1::.~lIent no .. 
rider colledor· •• pecial S3t Frlb 756-2t57 (5/1) 

Acouatic IUltar Takamino .s. ,,*wood. hard 
c.se . Beautiful condition. 1110 7$.$·857 (5 / 1 ~ 

. housini 
Luxur)' 3BR. 21,.,1$1\ . lv_ GbuuSt> near UCSD. 4S2· 
1077 1511} 
Two under.rads lookin. for an apt. to sublet for the 
aummer. Call Jetr .~3·12'4 even in,. (5 / 3, 

Rm lor ,rid mal. SIIS. mo'ly. APl240C office. Ph 
>2124 RM 5%13 Ur~y . A,.I I. Immediately. !Ioame 
Junior. Call btwn 4: 30.4: 30 1 ~/5) 

BOOK ON CAMPUS' Europe. Hawaii a nd ew 
"ork Chartfr FII&hlS. CIE E StUdent Tra.el . 
Student Center B·023. Open weekday. 12-4, Cau 4$2· 
_ (6It) 

services 
Typinl-expe~nced . ~Ii.ble. reuOft.1bte IBM 
CorreC'linl Selectric . Call any lime 4.U~121 . Mrs 
Old • . 161t) 
TYPING! IBM Sel«1 rklenn pa.,.. .... U ...... l'hU. 
di .... rt.tIoN. edith" • . RUSH JOB!. - 453.0&541 .540-
1171 . 2IIH93I. 452·1511 I"') 

I PROFESSIONAL TYPING . r .. lonabl. r.t ... Villa,e Secretariat. 12011 Prooptct no. %50. La Jolla 
454-&111. (TSA) wanted 
I WANT YOU Ilyou need. primlryorlUppl.mctltal 
income. Totally. rleldble houri witll income lim ited 
ooly by qualltJI of effort upended. NO .. I .. worl!. 
San Di.,o r .. I .... 1I only·Paudena are. resldeDt 
OK. Call Paul for In~rvlew (714) 453·\153S 15131 
Two Del Mar preJlcllool,lrli need li"er Tuesday. 
and Thurad,.y. (': ~·5) ; no hou.ekHpln.~ next to 
beach. pool. ICa n befuU tim.job .nerquarter end.1 
S3t /week to .. art. 755-1177, '5/'1 

DO WE HAVE AN 
IMPERIAL SUPREME COURT? 
Regents' Lecturer Dr. Harold Chase, author political cientist, and 
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Action. 

Monday, May 2nd 
4 pm 

HL 1402 
Department of Political Science and .he ScIence and Technology Program 

MBA 
FHP. a certif ied Health Maintenance Organization (HMO). has openings 
fOf four Of five growth Oflented MBA graduates In search of their first (or 
second) Job as professional business managers 
For those now completing the MBA or MSBA degree. FHP oHers an 
accelerated career path In business management including 

• Immediate CorpOfate overview of Finance, Marketing and Opera-
tionl . 

• Immediate accessibility to President. all Vice Presidents and 
Board Members. 

• Immediate application of newly acquired greduate buslne .. 
technologies at the Corporate level. 

HMO's are revoluhonlzlng the Nation's medical delivery system through 
econorTues of scale. vertical integration and the application of advanced 
management theory. 
FHP is a growth company In this growth Industry. And at FHP. our MBA·s are 
the management professionals who are putting it aU together. 
FOf details. please send resume to' 

MANAGER -- MANAGEMENT STAFFING 

FAMILY HEALTH PROGRAM. INC. 
2925 North Palo Verde Avenue 
Long Beach, California 90815 

Nt Equat Opportunity Emplo, ... MlF 

WANTED: John Jenkel. AM Ca~rry .. Margol 
Tempereau. VOle May 21t 3. It makes .. di"eren~. 
(51 1) 

Del Mar beach houae for rent .tart"" late June. 4 
bedroonu. year lease, call12!!) 411(.1564 .fter 7 pm 
ITBA) Wow! Montezuma Snowblasf with Fresca: 

CELE •• ATE INTERNATIONAL WOIlKEIlS DAY, T..". 1M GI ___ wItII .. -.-
II . R •••• " •• 41 uL ••• TI.e ,.'1 .... .. • 
Reb, n I, ... ".." I. t,_ , •. c.nn tII_ 
I ...... II{I) 
RaPt IIId Se,ual Aalault Yictlm" Ie!". tet to Il1o 
lource of tbil problem. N.mu will be kept 
COOfideDtlal . PIeaM "'*IcI Laura Richt ... II IIIe 
TrlloII Time • . ~ 4$2.- or 4111_. Ilia! 

lost & found 
Loot Gold Neff HIIII School rinc trojan h •• d on 
pearl eem clan 01 1171\. Lofit .. / 27 Relurn Jo TT 

LOll In HL 1205 one lei or car key. wilh round 
Itaa her k eychai n Please: ("9 11151 ·.2029 

Voluw •• en keys found in TLH 107. Wed , 4' 1~ . IO: 00 
am Please claim at TT orrice 

Sum_rTr.do or R .... I in Lo Jolla/ Del Mar area. 
Can trade quiet 3 bedroom nat .... r Berteley VC 

~.mpu • . J . Greenbaum '42 Sixty·Third Sl . . 
Oakla.d . C A '4111 ( t16) 1" · 5024 . (Sli t ) 
, roommate. r wanted Playmor CondoI ... r 
UCSD. Own room. Pool, Coli Sandy _7073 early 
1m or eve. t5/17) 

travel 
CIEE ,.nnounces new , a pproved ONE· WAV 
CHARTERS! Coafinned leall Con now be booked to 
Parla, Amll.rclam, Zurich! Prt«. belln at .,45 
from Sao Frandlco/ Loa A ... I ... 11111 from New 
York. rtyi .. round-trip the price ,<>e. dow. when 
you combi ... any two CIEE Oi,bll that IUlt your 
scheduJe! Select your OWJ'I route! Come lee UI .t 
CIEE Student Travel Services UCSD Student 
Center B-023 La Jolla. CA _ (7141 452_. 0 ..... 
w_y. lrom 11-3. (TBAI 

INTRODUCING 

T"~ 6DEll. 
SUNDAY MAY 7 

SAN DIEGO SfOa'I'I AI.' 
All seats reserved. 

$6 ,7~ . 5.75. 4.7~ Intmate Amphitheatre Style 
Tickets avollable ot SpoM Arena Box OIIlee. al BlU Gamble·s Stores 

ond AI8f1.CJ Ticket Agencies. Inlormatlon: (714) 224-4176 
FREE PARKING AND MIlITARY DISCOUNT 

l"iIllJlJCf IJ BY 'NOI f & I-<1"')Mlll I I-< (Oi'.li "1 '> 

Even a moose can'bear ite 

Over ice or snow oz. of Montezuma Tequila, t 
Tequila, to delicious Fresca.lt's a chiller! 
0 1918. 80 proof Montezuma Tequila Distilled and bottled by Berton DlStiller$lmport Co., Now York . N.Y 
Of'reso I I reglkered Ir..nemark 01 the Coc.-C~ Compeny. 



..... 12 triton times 

aallot ••• I Candidates give views at campaign forum ... 
(c..u._ fnm I) 

The parking fee resolution 
calls for the parkirtl fee not to 
be railed in ordef J~ pay for a 
parking garage at University 
Hospital in Hiller ~~. 

Chancellor William McElroy 
has decided not to raise the 
fees, however student response 
on this issue could be used to 
represent student views on 
future parking fee increases. 

The garage was deemed 
necessary by university 
administrators because of the 
crowded parking conditions 
around Univerity Hospital 
caused by patients and staff of 
the hospital using on-street 
parking. 

McElroy has decided to 
appoint a committee to look 
into alternate methods of 
solving the problem. 

f~'~""~"""''''' ' ''' '''''''''''''''''''''''''' 
'c _ t 
IJCOMMUNITYl 

~~BLOOD BANK1 
. , . 

I lo! 983 India { 
~ 327 F Street ~ 
I! PAYSDONORS t i / ! 
. for Service . J I, •. ( Mon . · Fri . 

" 233·5481 ; 
i_-., .. -~~~:~~~._ . ...,~~.( 

(ContiDUP.CI from page t) 
Jenke} said the major issues of the campaign were either 

academic or related to quaUty of life. The major academic iuues, 
he said are student representation on tenure committees; 
training' for T As' and funding for independent academic research. 

Among the quality of life issues Jenkel mentioned were 
centraUzation of campus programming and creation of a campus 
amphitheatre. 

In answer to a queation, Jenkel said a convention should be 
called to solicit student input on revision of the AS Constitution, 
which he said needs to be clarified to help unify the government. Mo~r said that while the AS has the potential to be effective, this 
past year it has been hampered by lack of quorums at council 
meetings, committee seats that went unfilled and personality 
conflicts between individual members. 

Moser said his campaign slate considers the solicitation of 
student opinion to be one of the AS' major functions. He'said his 
slate met with students from different campus gf?ups before t~e 
campaign began, then used that input when puttmg together Its 
platfonn. . 

He also said he would try to make the AS a more coheSIve and 
open group by holding open council forums at different college 
campuses each week. 

Jacuzzi spa 
Ritter reiterated his campaign platfonn, which is: ajacuzzi spa 

on campus; creation of a no-cost illegal substances testing 
service' weekly TGIFs; planting fruit trees and bushes on campu~' more entertainment programming in the "creative and person~l arts"; and strengthening the Student Advocate 
Pro ram . 

In answer to what he termed the campus' social life problem, he 
said the AS should encourage more and diverse entertainment 
programming by co-sponsoring events with the individual 
colleges. 

In answer to a later question, Ritter said funding for such things 
as a jacuzzi spa can come from several sources, including the 
Activity Fee and the Administration. 

He said as president he would offer "no-compromise 
leadership willing to do anything to gain students a deciding vote 
in university decision-making." 

In answer to another question, Ritter said Chancellor McElroy 
apparently said he was going to raise parking fees as a way to 
create a false issue to benefit a presidential candidate - who 
Ritter did not nalne - he felt he could " get chummy with." 

Sindler said • 'no apologies" are needed for this year's AS which, 
in its first year of existence, created a "structure and institution." 
Now, he said, students have to make the AS structure work. 

The question, Sindler said, is, " How can we transfonn the 
rhetoric into action? This will take knowledge and leadership." He 
said there are many goals for the AS to pu~sue, and that while they 
all will take time to achieve, they are just " immediate goals. We 
have to look beyond them." 

Two levels 
He said students need both a legitimate J!overnment,llke the AS, 

AROUND THE WORLD 
IN MANY WAYS! 

Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
travel directory ever published. Over 5000 
charters listed, escorted tours; air/sea 
cruises, mini vacations. 
Call now., 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

... Client Protection 
United California Traveline, Inc .. 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

REMEMBER MOM ON HER DAY 
TESTING 

*LOW COST 
*CONFIDENTJAL 

*STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth COhtrol 
Instlt, te 
283-7391 

.tt1~ 

Cunes 

• Sizes 8-18 
Factory Prices To You Alwaysl 

5887 University Ave 
(,.,xt. door to the Cinerama Theatre) 

Phone 287-9160 
Hrs: Mon-Frl: 10-9 Sat: 10-6 Sun' 12-5 

and an outside mobilizing force, like the old Graduate Student 
Union, to achieve what students need. 

In answer to a question, Sindler said a convention should be 
called "post haste" to revise the AS constitution, which he called 
"excessively poorly written. " 

In their written statement, Thalheimer and Amos said that 
while the Elections Committee may have disqualified them "on 
paper, (Triton Times, April 26) as far as the students are 
concerned, they are not disqualified. The students dig us." 

They said they have run a fair campaign, and that it is • 'sad the 
other candidates feel they can only win if we are disqualified." 

Calling themselves the "new wave," they urged students to vote 
for them to bring about a change in the AS. 

Carberry said the AS needs to gain control over more of the $Ur 
million of student fee money than the $130,000 it now controls. She 
said many servces now funded by student money, like OASIS, 
should actually be funded by the Administration. ' 

POinting to her experience on the Muir College Council, she said 
she would be able to serve as a liaison between the college councils 
and the AS, and help draw the councils into a better working 
relationship with the AS. 

Talking about the notion that students don' t care about what 
occurs on campus, she said, " Students have said a lot more than 
people have been hearing. There are 300 communications majors, 
but no one to lead them" when they want an expanded program. 

&. yew 3 CAVC1 I ..... 
Cohen, pointing to her two years experience working at Third 

College on programming and as an RA, said that experience with 
Third's "diverse population" has made her " more attuned to the 
needs of minority students. " 

She said the AS could improve the retention rate of UCSD 
freshmen by sponsoring one large event weekly or biweekly. 

She said her work as an RA and the fact that she knows all four 
resident deans could help her serve as a liaison between students 
and the Administration. 

In his statement read by Bekken, Cabrera said most of the 
candidates are talking about the same issues but that their main 
platforms deal with their governmental experience. 

" If they have this vast experience, why has so little been done 
about all the problems? If they' are experienced, then they ml!st 
not be qualified because nothing's been done about the problems," 
Cabrera said. 

He came out against salaries for AS officials, saying the money 
could better be used for inCreased student programming. 

Silva said his slate cares about the concerns of students, and why 
they transfer from UCSD in such large numbers during their first 
two years here. _ 

He said he is concentrating on a two-level campaign - with one 
level being academic issues and the other cHeenred with 
programming. Two of the academic issues he talked about were 
gaining departmental status for the Communications Program 
and expanding the social science department. 

He also said the AS could cut a lot of " waste" out of its operating 
budget, in order to giYe more funding to student organizations. 

"Changing 
Sexual 
Roles" 

Participants: 
Betty Friedan 
(founder of Women' Liberation Mvmt &: NOW) 

Harold Greenwald, Ph.D. 
(lecturer and psychotherapist) 

Tuesday, May 2 8:30 pm-lO:30 pm 
Ballroom of Cafe del Rey Moro 

Balboa Park 
Reception to follow 

Students: 52.75 
G.A.: 53.75 
Ticket at door 

Sponsored by: 
IU Doctoral Society and 

Psi Chi 


