
• 

Judy Sweet: 
no "minor" 
sports here 

by Mark Stadler 
Senior Editor 

At some universities, the 
intercollegiate sports are 
divided into "major" and 
"minor" categories, with a few 
major sports such as football 
and basketball taking prece-
dence in matters of funding and 
prestige. 

But as far as UCSD Athletic 
Director Judy Sweet is con-
cerned, there are no minor 
sports here. 

Prop 1;3 might 
mean fee hike 

by Ron Duhl 
Daily Cal Staff Writer 

SAN FRANCISCO - Speaking from a prepared statement at 
last Friday's UC Board of Regents meeting UC President David 
Saxon warned that passage of the Jarvis-Gann tax initiative next 
month could lead to increases in tuition cost. 

"It is difficult to see how we would be able to avoid reduced 
programs, reduced quality, (and) reduced access" if Prop. 13 

. . passes, he said. " A drop in 
support of this magnitude 
would certainly raise the 
question of tuition." 

The J arvis-Gann initiative 
would limit the amount of 
property taxes that could be 
collected by local governments 
to one percent of the full cash 
value of the property. 

"Serious reductions" 
Gov . Jerry Brown, also 

present at Friday's Regents' 
meeting , noted that the 
university is " probably one of 
the key candidates for serious 
reductions" in funding if Jarvis 
passes, and urged faculty and 
students to take a position 
against the controversial tax 
initiative. 

" A lot of people think Prop. 13 
refers only to local govern-
ment," Brown said, but the 
pressure it will exert on 
California ' s finances " will 
reach into the heart of the 
univeristy." 

"I don't consider any of our 
sports minor. They are all 
major to me and to the 
athletes, " said Sweet, who 
assumed her current post three 
years ago, to become one of the 
very few woman directors of a 

U'J~liI tha .. wlr ... lia' C ..... lltiol .... ip 
two thum. loc ked ia viciou. co .. bat. 

Saxon noted the s tate 
Department of Finance has 
asked all state agen c ies , 
including the university, to 
develop contigency budgets 
based on projected five t o 
fifteen percent reductions in 
state fundings , effec t i ve 
immediately if the controver-
sial initiative passes June 6. 

coed athletic program. 
"I'm very commited to 

equality in all sports. I won't 
eliminate some sports to fund a 
select few, " she said. 

Typical comment 
This comment was typical of 

statements made by Sweet 
during an interview in her 
office Monday morning. Sweet, 
dressed in a blue sweat suit, 
came across as a person 
commited to a serious yet low-
key athletic program that 
treats all its teams and athletes 

McElroy gave $20,000 for 
intercollegiates this year 

equally. 
And Sweet' s views, along 

with her still rather unique job, 
have drawn her some degree of 
national attention recently. In 
February, Ladies Home 
Journal named her one of nine 
nominees for woman sports 
personality of the year. Sweet's 
competition for the award , 
which will be announced soon, 
is s tiff - other nominees 
include tennis player Chris 
Evert and skater Dorothy 
Hamill. 

In preparing to take over 
UCSD ' $150,000 annual 
intercollegiate budget and to 
oversee its nearly 30 teams, 
Sweet did her undergraduate 
study in physical education and 

(Please turn to page 3) 

by Dave Eisen 
Chancellor McElroy gave 

$20,000 of his discretionary 
funds to augment the allocation 
of Registration Fee funds for 
intercollegiate athletics at 
UCSD for this year, and he is 
contemplating a similar m9ve 
for H~78-79, the Triton Times 
has learned, 

McElroy's funds for 1977-78 
went to Physical Education 
Department Chairman Howard 
Hunt, but were earmarked for 
intercollegiates. Hunt gave full 
discretion over the money to 
Athletic Director Judy Sweet. 

The funds were spent by 
Sweet in four general cate-
gories: expensive equipment 
that the department could not 
previously afford, travel 
expenses for national competi-
tion, recruiting and promotion 
of the intercollegiate program, 
and the renovation of the 
Warren College track facility . 

While all participants in a 
possible 1978-79 allocation have 
denied that "specifics" have 

$1.3 million for T As 
deleted from budget 

An earmarked $1.3 million to 
improve teaching assistant 
(TA ) programs in the UC 
system was deleted from the 
California state budget Monday 
by the California Senate 
Finance Committee. 

Two weeks ago the appro-
priations were approved by the 
parallel Assembly Committee. 
tee. 

A sum of $300,000 would have 
gone to the TA training 

augmentation program to help 
improve preparation of TA's 
for classes. 

One million dollars would 
have gone for the teaching 
associate program . This 
program would fund innovative 
classes taught by graduate 
students. The classes would be 
non-duplicative of current 
classes and totally under the 
control of the graduate student. 

The vote was 3-0. 

90% of M CAT scores 
to be upped next week 

The American College 
Testing Program announced in 
a press conference Monday 
that 90 percent of the Medical 
College Admissions Tests 
(MCAT) scores reported last 
week were miscalculated. 

The change in the scores will 
probably not exceed one point 
on a fifteeen point scale in any 
one ection of the MCAT , 
according to the TestinJ{ 

Program. Such a change could 
mean a difference in percentile 
ranking as large as 20 percent 
or as little as less than one 
percent, depending on the 
originally reported score. 

Almost 30,000 prospective 
medical school applicants took 
the MCAT last month. Their 
newly calculated score are to 
be reported to them in early 
June. 

been worked out, one source 
has indicated that the Chancel-
lor will "donate between $10-
20,000." 

in hopes that we would get it 
next year," Sweet said. A ten percent cut in the university budget would 

amount to about 30 percent of 
UC's staff salary budget and 
almost 25 percent of the 
academic salary budget, Saxon 
said. 

"It's much too early to think 
about exact allocations ," 
McElroy said last week. "We 
don't even have our budget for 
next ear yet: 

,. I know the Chancellor is 
very supportive of our pro-
gram," said Hunt, the acting 
Vice-chancellor of Student 
Affairs. "We have talked about 
his future financial help." Financial support 

Sweet, whose budget request 
from the Advisory Committee 
on Student Fee Programs will 
approach $150 ,000 for next 
year, said she has heard little 
about a second allocation from 
McElroy. 

"The only thing I've heard 
was at a PRC (Policy Review 
Committee) meeting two 
weeks ago. (Vice-chancellor of 
Academic Affairs) Paul 
Saltman asked me to explain 
how we used this year's money; 

McElroy has expressed 
interest in an improved , 
spectator-oriented sports 
program, A source said that he 
would like to build up everal 
sports , possible basketball , 
water polo and soccer, " to give 
the program more for students 
to get excited about. " 

The same ten pe rc ent 
reduction would equal about 
half of the general financial 
support provided to the UC 
Berkel ey ca mpu s , Sa x on 
a dded , a nd ev e n high e r 
percentages on the other UC 
campuses. 

Saxon said the alternative 
Behr bill, Proposition 8, would 
also hurt the university, but 
called it a " more reasonable 
and less disruptive response to 
the need for property tax relief 
than Jarvis-Gann." 

Sweet said, however, " I am 
commited to the equality of 
all of our sports. I will not build 
up a couple at the expense ofthe 
rest. We have an excellent, 

(Please turn to page 7) 

Professional agitator looks back 
by Laura A. Richter 

News Editor 
"From a jock to a flower child in one easy 

lesson, and back again after the flower 
children started getting their heads split 
open." 

Jim, "professional agitator" selC-described , 
wishes to remain anonymous. He showed up at 
UCSD just after the day care protestors had 
been released from jail because he'd heard 
about the "action." 

The anarchist, who has waist-long hair and a 
husky athletic build, started out at a 
midwestern college where he was admitted in 
the mid-60s on a football scholarship. At that 
time, Jim wanted to be a marine, go to 
Vietnam and "kill the gooks." 

The change was gradual, he says, spurred by 
contact with a number of people. In Berkeley, 
1966, he remembers people telling him that 
there would be a revolution and "me telling 
them they're nuts." 

At the height of the anti-war protests, Jim 
went to five or six rallies each day. speaking 
publicly and learning to live with a microphone 
ID his hand. "When there's a lot of excitement 
in the air, people put their asses on the line. " 

Jim moved from campus to campus, and 
althoulh he never witnessed a human burn 
himself with gasoline in protest, "we burned a 
lot of dolls with napalm in the quads. A couple 
of people would keep the fire marshall busy 
and all of a sudden there would be a fire and no 
one would know who started it. It was 
somethine to do. " 

Spending three years as a draft coun lor at 
a university trying to keep people out of th 
service, Jim found that while " treet peopl 
have a ba ic awareness and intuitivine • 
univ rsity peopl are ea y to wing." H aid 

that " things have always come easy for me," 
and had a draft exemption because of an 
injured knee from football . 

Most of the work that he and other protest 
leaders took on. during the movement was 
getting permits and learning when and where 
rallies were taking place . Jim has been 
arrested four or five times for " political 
things ' and another four times for " fake dope 
charges", for which he claims that drugs were 
planted on him by police officers. 

Jim stated that, "As soon as you become 
effective, you will be eliminated. They will kill 
you," referring to protest organizers and the 
action that the FBI is known to take. "I've 
walked out of my house and seen walkie-talkies 
on the days Nixon's in town." 

He says he's been in the same room with 
Reagan and 15 campus leaders . He 
remembers crying out, "Racist pig, if you 
don't let Cleaver back in the country, I don't 
want to talk to rou mother-fucker", and then 
stomping out 0 the room. At a Rockefeller-
Agnew speech in New York, he remembers 
evading police tactics to keep protestors away 
from the podium, and chanting Vietnam 
reminders. 

Jim is wary of what he calls " the placating 
factor - I'm not for anythi.1g they give you ." 
He says that another typica' move is to send a 
"number two man" to handle a group of 
demonstrators, 0 that top off i I. n 
shielded from th event. " It deteriorate th 
will of the people to occupy an empty office," 
said Jim. 

Hayakawa wa an exception to the rule, 
'according to Jim, who called him a " forcefu 
figure who goe di rectly again t th 
demon trator ." 

turn to p II 3) 



' ... 2 

o n 
ure changes 

The recent fu ' over the tenure review proces of prote sors a l 
UCSD has resulted in students and faculty raising questions as to 
the crecHbility (II the process, 

While a majolity of the students' concern centers on a select few 
professors' cast,'S, alleged unfair review seems to be a problem 
affecting almost all of tbe 3%,7 percent non-tenured junior faculty 
members (all assistant professors, lecturers and instructors) at 
this university. 

Several questions need to be answered before the fai&b of bo~h 
stude.&s and &enured and non-tenured faculty can be restored ID 
&be proeess: 
-Is the selection of Ad Hoc Committee members unfair? Based 

on wbat bas been disclosed on Ad Hoc selecUon, &be confidentiality 
clause musi be changed so &bat a professor being reviewed can feel 
be or she bas DOt been evaluated in a biased manner, 

Certain professors bave claimed that, ' depending on tbe 
individual beiDg reviewed, Vice-cbancellor of Academic Affairs 
Paul SalCman bas helped select a slate of ad boc candidates hostile 
towards tbe reviewee's department, politics or collel(e. . 

-Is research weighed too beavily? A major goal of tbe 
University of California is supposedly to teacb higher education, 
so more emphasis should be placed on teaching. While research 
indicates the professor's efforts to keep stride in his field, teacbing 
should be considered on an equal level with researcb, since 
learning is the foundation of an education. 

- Does a vendetta exist against certain departments, political 
or ideological beliefs? Although SaUman emphatically denied this 
bas occured or will ever occur, it is extremely coincidental tbat 
three sociology professors - Drs. Will Wright, Bud Mehan and 
Anthony Ngubo - were dismissed at roughly tbe same time, wbile 
all belong to similar political mainstreams. 

Third College faculty bave felt tbreatened throughout their 
college's existence due to the social motivation behi-nd its 
founding, Last February, concern again reached a pinnacle as 
exhibited by a detailed query to SaUman and Dr. George 
Reynolds, Committee on Academic Personnel chairman, on the 
tenure process' effect on Third College. 

The Communications Program, already under tbe ax for its high 
teacber-student ratios, lack of proper funding and possible 
liquidation, has one of its two fulltime professors (for over 400 
majors) away on an extended sabbatical (Dr. Herbert I. Schiller) 
a nd another currently being reviewed (Dr. Michael Real) . 

These three coincidental events tend to lead us to believe the 
review process might not be on the level. These questions also lead 
to the Ultimate question: Does the e ntire process fairly evaluate 
professors up for tenure review? 

It is apparent the process is not "extraordinarily fair" as 
Saltman insists. Like any system, improvements can always be 
made to enable it to make equitable decisions fair to aU -
decisions free of political , departmental, social or ideological bias, 

A revamping of the Ad Hoc Committee selection procedure, 
a long with elimination of alleged biases and reduced emphasis on 
confidentiality are needed so students feel they are not being 
deprived of all facets of their education and professors aren't 
unfairly denied an opportunity to teach. 

triton times 

f\crc if i~ ! 7h;s w;1I 
w;~ 0<Jt {'<opt< ~n~ 
I(" .... ~ ~:{d:~S 

Uf1tovdl4!~ 1 
• 

Wedneaday, May 24,1178 

Studen~ Reg Fee members lauded 
Editor: 

In a letter I wrote appearing in 
the TT of May 17, I called the 
Advisory Committee on Student 
Fee Programs, ACSFP, irrespon-
sible. I wish to, at this time, publicly 
retract that statement. On May 15, 
those student members who were at 
one time thought of as enemies, 
have turned out to be the most 
diligent, motivated, and respon-
sible students I have seen on any 
committee anywhere. It was only 
through their long hours of work 
from May 10-15 that the day care 
issue was able to be resolved. 

The statement read at that 
ACSFP meeting by Carroll Wills 
was extremely perceptive and 
should be required reading for 
every student at UCSD . I have 
written of the powerlessness of the 
ACSFP. Chancellor McElroy has 
told the committee that they are 
and -can be autonomous. Let us 
never forget that. 

The day care fight is not, as some 
irresponsible and misinformed 
editors think , some nostalgic grab 
for the Sixties. It was students 
lighting for their rights as students. 
If those of you who produce the TT 
really think that people were 
willing to get arrested for the hell of 
it, you are sick. We, as students, 
were willing to be arrested only if 
that was the only option available at 
the time for furthering the fight . It 
was. No guarantee was made by 
ACSFP; Rick Whitehill called the 
meeting " unofficial. " 

William Mct;lroy Is the cause of lot of shit for doing what you 
every event wblc:b tranlpired in thought was right. You have 
relation &0 die IIHn. He lied. He performed admirably under 
deceived. He arrwled. He did not intense conditions. 
deal with tbe problem except by I cannot help but be disappointed 
force. He offered nothing at all to in the actions of Richard Whitehill , 
eale tbe crlsll; he fanned its Bob Oakes, Joe Watson, Bonnie 
names. He does not care about Higley and Gary Frost. Some of 
students or tbe early education of your students thought enollgh of 
tbe young. By bls actions, be bas this cause to be arrested for it and 
mown bis racist and sex lit views. 
Tbis will never be forgotlen by tbe you have, by your continuing to 
surporters of tbe 9lrulile. play petty political games, turned 

am not sure why McElroy left your backs on them. I am not 
this decision to the ACSFP . Maybe stating that the Day Care Center 
he thought Whitehill would railroad should not be changed, but first we 
the committee into a decision he must guarantee there will be a day 
liked. Due to the work of ACSFP care center to expand. Monday 
members Marsha Harris, Kenzie morning was not the proper time 
Nicoll, Martha Mangold , Lisa for arguing, " What changes can be 
Endlich, Carroll Wills, David made? " Last September was. Next 

September will be. 
MTf:HAEL 8 . BER(;FP 

Who is Robert Meeropol? 
Editor: 

On June 19 , 1953, Robert Meeropol and hi brother Michael became 
orphans. On that day, despite worldwide protest, their parents, Julius 
and Ethel Ro nberg were electrocuted in New York'sSingSing prison. 
The Rosenbergs were charged with having been masters in a spy ring 
which passed the "secret" of the atom bomb to the oviet Union . In the 
media coverage there were no doubts, no questions - the whole affair 
unfolded before the eyes of the American public as a tribute to the 
investigative prowess of the FBI and a grim indication of th 
pervasiveness of communist subversion - while the wa r continued in 
Korea . In fact , when delivering the death sentence, Judge Irving 
Kaufman held the Rosenbergs personally responsible for the Korean 
casualties. 

Literature more than surprise endings 
Yet thousands believed that the Rosenbergs were innocent. In facl. 

the only evidence against them was the uncorroborated testimony of 
David Greengla s, Ethel Rosenberg's brother. Gn>englass, who had 
pleaded guilty to a theft of uranium, turned government witn ss and 
named the Rosenbergs as his espionage mentors. He teslifi d that at 
Juliu ' direction he had drawn ske tches of the a tom bomb and pa~ ed 
them to a Soviet courier. 

Editor: 
Professors of English literature 

are not in the business of giving 
stylized book reports which 
preSP.fVP th~ "Ruforise" of a book's 
ending, but rather in assisting 
students to understand the inter-
relationships within a novel that 
give it its beauty. In the case of a 
wor thy and lasting piece of 
literature (as are the ones that 
survive to be taught in c1assesl, 
uncovering the processes and 
interconnected events, characteri-
zations and images which a writer 
uses to tell his story and achieve its 
resolution is much more worth-
while than discovering the 
"surprise" at the end as if the book 
were nothing more than a box of 
Cracker Jacks. 

great literary work, regardless 
of its plot, deals in some way or 
another with the soul of man: its 
development and truggies with 
force within and without. Such a 
piece of Iiteratu'"e is about more 
than itself, It ch:,r,cters and their 
circumstances el.pand themselves 
to encompass ar d 'comment upon 
real -life situat 0ps ; when this 
happens, plot and the element 
which lead dorui noe-like to Its 
resolu tion are almost Irrelevan .Il 
a student's greate t thrill comes 
from d iscovering the "surprise" at 
the end I sugges _ e read Agatha 
Christie and not Jqseph Conrad or 
D.H. Lawrence. (.1a~ novelists are 
engaged in more than weaving 
elaborate plots tt a demand virgin 
readers for " urpr se" endings. 

[am amazed U at a student in an 
upper division lit. class has not 
become a ware orthis somewhere in 
the course or his reading. Have you 
Michael Esser, never reread a 
novel? eena movie twice? Heard a 
piec of music more than once? 
Was the ending spoiled or 
"adv rsely affected" in any of 
these cases? Did you simply forgel 

the ending or was it made all the 
richer hecause of some awareness 
on your part of the dance within the 
artist's mind that lednim to single 
out those details that make the 
conclusion inevitable? Virtually 
everyone who sees Hamlet knows 
beforehand that we will ... in the 
end, yet this foreknowledge seems 
to diminish no one's enjoyment, in 
[act just the reverse is true . 

This is a relatively high caliber 
university and we are given credit 
for some prior knowledge and 
sop histication of thi nk i n g; 
upposedly we don 't have to be led 

by the nose from point A. As any 
student here is well aware or, 
classes usually deal with the 
ubstance of a subject, with the 

assumption being that as the 
process of teaching moves along 
the student will be able to pick up 
relevant details and focus them into 
a coherent and useful picture . This 
process of teaching is very likely to 
entail a discussion of events out of 
their proper temporal order, which 
means th nd of a book might very 
well be m nUoned before it is 
reached . There is more to creative 
and aestheLJc logic than the linear 
order that ta rts on the first page 
nd ends on the last, and to teach 
accordill~ to rcctr1t: ions imposed 
by page numbers would be more 
than absurd . Professor Behar 
ignores these arbitrary limitations 
as do most good teachers. 

A student in one of Dr, Behar's 
classes is trealed to an insight to the 
intimate connection between life 
a nd literature ; throug h the 
drawinl! of useful Darallels betwe n 
a story and the world around, a 
student is helped to see the reason 
for reading a particular work. We 
can learn about ourselves by 
learning from literature and in Dr. 
Behar's hands English is far from a 
stale and esoteric subject fit only 
for footnoting scholnr . In ov r 

three years at two UC campuses 
Dr. Behar is one of the most adept 
teachers I have seen a t eliciting 
student response and enthusiasm in 
large lecture classes. He puts an 
energy and purposefulness into his 
teaching rarely seen by students, 
and it surprises a good number of 
them - but they respond . The one 
thing lacking in Dr . Behar's 
approach to teaching is condes-
cension - that relu c tan ce so 
freq uently seen in professors who 
must teach an introductory course. 
r think the great majority of his 
students appreciate that earnest-
nes , and in two classes with him 
(both seminar and lecture) I have 
yet to hear a complaint. 

Finally, it s trikes me thatan open 
letter in a newspaper is a highly 
improper forum for airing a 
personal disagreement whether 
between student and teacher or 
between anybody. Michael Esser's 
complaint is a subject he should 
pursue in a reasonable and mature 
manner using the Clvailable 
avenues of recour e (academic 
affairs or whatever) rather than 
sensationally pouting in the paper 
because his surpri ' s were spoiled 
and his teacher was Irritated at his 
" efCrontry ." Es er's remarks 
came across (reg<lrdless of hI 
intentions) as born entirely from 
personal animosity rather than the 
desire to give useful and objective 
critici m. In fact the tone of his 
letter was close to slanderous since 
none of his readers can tell ei ther 
the a ppropriateness of Esser' 
"suggestions" or th true context 
(or a pprop riateness) oC hi 
suppo edly being labeled "stupid" 
- particularly when his claim to a 
"ca lm and objective" stanc was 
belied by his juvenil and petty 
tirade In th Times under th gui e 
of braving "ha rsh r grading ... even 
delayetl graduation." 

STEVE HEPERD 

The government had originally listed Dr. Harold Urey as a witness 
for the prosecution to give the impression that he would confirm the 
importance of the Greenglass sketches. But ina letter to PreSIdent 
Eisen hower, Ureywrote: "Greenglass is uppo ed to have revealed to 
the Russians the secrets of the atom bomb. Though the information 
supposed to have been tra nsmitted could have been iml>ortant, a man of 
Greenglass' capacity is wholly incapable of transmitting the physi s, 
chemistry and mathematics of the atom bomb Lo anypne." Needless to 
say, the government never ca lled Harold Urey to testify. 

Dr. P hilip Morrison, the nuclea r physicist who supervi ed the actual 
assembly of the A-bomb dropped on Nagasaki, the bomb Greenglass 
supposedly sketched, labelled the sketches " caricatures" . citing 0 
many errors tba t it would be wort hless a an inst rument for 
transmitting the "secret~' of the atom bomb. 

SCOl·es of other scientists (inc lud ing Albert Einstein) were 
incredulous that a simple mechanic uch as David Greenglas with no 
scientifi training could have cho en. assimilated and memorized 
secrets of decisive atomic importance, under the directions of a 
similarly untrained Julius Rosenberg. 

President Eisenhowl'r, under the pr sure of the la rg st telegram 
campaign ever mounted (over thr milliOIl prot sts were received by 
the Whit House), told Attorn y Gcn ral Brownell that If the upreme 
Court vote to review the case wa . clo e (5-4 or 6-3) then he would grant 
clemency. Brownell a sured the President that the eviden e that hud 
come out in court was only the tip of the iceberg and that 3/4 of the 
evidenc had not been introduced. Thus, even though the Suprem' 

ourt vote was close (6-3) , Eisen hower chose not to intervene. On lI.e 
same d y, the Ros nb rgs were 'XI' uted. 

Today the Hoseuberg children (who hav tDken the nHme of their 
adoptive parents - M ernpol) are engag d in a Freedom of 
Information Act lawsuit to s cure the docum nts whi h convinced the 
FBI of the need to execu te their parent. The Justice Departm nt, 
whi h was so confid nt in its a suran 'es of the Rosenbergs' guilt to 
Eisenhower in 1953 . has been singularly uncooperative in complying 
with the FOIA requests. But even the fraction of material released thus 
far points more and more to not only a go\'ernment overup. but to a 
gov rnmcnt frumeup as ·w 11. 

In th Mc arthy era, during which th Rosenbergs were arrested and 
tri d, f w cou ld conceiv of the government engaging in crim inal , 
warlike ncts agalDst its uwn ciliz ns. And those who could were 
immediately branded communist,. Today. how ver, with the catalogue 
of reCent rev lations of gov rnm nt .corruption and coverup - ITT & 

hil , th P ' ntagon Papers, the s cr I bombing of Ca mbodia (lnd L(los, 
th My Lui milSSilcre and Watergate - more and more American are 
com ing to wonder iflhe fin<J 1 words of th Rosenb rg will not b proved 
true: " Hi:tory wlll record that We wer th victims of th most 
mon trous tra m 'up of ollr (·ountry." 

,JOAN O'CONNOR 

Wednftday, M.y 24,1178 

Sweet •.• 
(ConOnued from page I) 

mathematics 'at Wisconsin and 
her graduate study in PE at 
Arizona. She also taught PE at 
Tulane, Arizona and Kearny 
High School in San Diego, as 
well as at UCSD for two years. 

Since taking over the direc-
tor's post here, Sweet said she 
has seen a definite change, both 
in the state of intercollegiates 
and in the attitude of students 
toward sports. 

"The program is more stable 
now than it has been in several 
years," she said. "At budget 
time in past years there were 
always rumors that athletics 
were going to be cut out of 
funding entirely. (Intercolle-
giate athletics are funded from 
Registration Fee monies, by 
the Advisory Committee on 
Student Fee Programs.) 

" But I haven't heard those 
rumors in a few years." 

More sensitive 
Sweet said she thinks 

Advisory Committee members 
have beeD more agreeable 
recently toward intercollegiate 
funding because they are more 
sensitive toward the needs of 

triton times Page 3 

Liberal arts starvation 
Editor: 

" Pray don 't, Lady Ruxton," said 
Lord Henry, " Moderation is a fatal 
thing. Enough is a bad as a meal. 
More than enough is as good as a 
feast." - Oscar Wilde. 

Malnutrition at UCSD is -:aused 
not by too mu ch science (the 
periodic tab le is not a groaning 
board) but through starvation of 
the not so liberal arts. Where, at 
this school , is a graduate major in 
Greek . in Comparative Reli~ion . or 

m Comparative Li terature, for thaI 
matter, for tho e who don't wish to 
dine a lone? Oriental :\rt History 
metabolized to Berkeley a few 
years ago and so, ndersl2ndably, 
do a lot o( good students, including 
some of the children of our 
administrative cooks. 

We're forgetting that the man 
who brilliantly thought up the 
scientific main courses around 
here, a tall man n any kitchen, can 
also quote Tennyson for dessert . 

SUSAN MURPHY 

GRANT CENTER 
POSITIONS 

• 

Available NOW! 
Student Jobs: 

• Director 
(Please turn to page 4) • Project Coordinator 

• Grants Director 
Judy Sweet •• ewen queetione in hel' office MODday. 

Agitator ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

Today, Jim has "burned 
every bridge behind me", and 
is permanently banned from 
every California campus. He 
has been out of work and on 
welfare for ten years, which 
does not help his situation, he 
says, if he is ever brought to 
court . In justifying his taking 
money from the government 
welfare system, he states , 
" You can't beat the system. 
You use capitalism to beat 
capitalism. " 

His present state, said Jim, is 
partially based on the time 
when " life changed drastical· 
ly" in the 196Os. Protestors 
needed money for lawyers and 
bail and "pretty soon no one 
had cars that were running." 

" It took me years before I 
could start talking to the street 
people again, " commented 
Jim. He looked around him at 
the UCSD buildings and said, 

" This is ugly . There is no 
beauty to this . Education is I 
beautiful. " . 

Jim, "the old lady and the 
kid", just got back from "the 
back country" of Utah, where 
he says a group of Mormon 
vigilantes burned down the 100 
year old adobe house in which 
the three were living. " They 
threw in the dog for kicks." 

Jim tells stories of the people 
who he encounters on his 
travels around the country. He 
chuckles and shakes his head 
over the part-Indian woman 
married to the " John Bircher" 
Mormon man, who had waist-
long hair and was "almost 
mentally retarded . " He 
constantly beat the woman for 
"silent discontent" , and forced 
her to do all the work, including 
carrying their canvas tent from 
site to site. The woman had 
married the man, 26 years her 
senior, to escape her father who 
had been raping her since she 
was 16 "in the name of the 
Lord, " 

CHASSIDIC LAG-B'OMER BONFIRE 
at the ocean 

(La Jolla Cove) 
Thursday, May 25 8 pm 

, 
I 

LIVE BAND 
CHASSIDIC DANCING, FOLKLORE 

'Weenie roast, marshmallow 
FREE 

Sponsored by CHABAD LA JOLLA 

Summer JobS 

Have you ever had a 
summer job that didn't 
give you any experience 
that will help you later 
on in your career? 

We have a better way 
Call 459-4396 

for appointment 

• Staff Interns 
SCURI - Student Center for 

Undergraduate Re.earch and Innovation 

One Year Positions starting Sept. 1978 
Approx. $4.80/hour 

Apply at Student Employment 
Contact ASUCSD at x4450 

"If Morris the Cat 
Can Get A Job ... So Can 

You!" 

- About: 

FIND OUT HOW: 
MAY 25 

2-4:00 pm 
"LEARN" 

- How to: 
• resume writing • meow 
• contacting employers 
• taking interviews 

**************. 
third college 

Center for the People 
(located beneath Third Commons) 

"WITH" 
• current employers 

• tap dance 
• chew Cal-can 

~-,"---.... ----

• UCSD graduates. career planning 
& placement soc'al science advisors 

• refreshments & talent scouts 
Student Organizati n 



24,1178 

Metsch receives Ali-American honors 
UCSD tennis team places 5th in NCAA 

by Karen Hunter 
Staff Writer 

Paul Metsch, UCSD's number 
one singles player throughout most 
of the season, capped a fifth place 
team finish by the Tritons at the 
NCAA Division III tennis champ-
ionships by receiving All-American 
honors, Metsch made it to the 
quarter-final round before he was 
knocked out of competition. 

UCSD finished in a fifth place tie 
with NAJA District III HUist 
Redlands University with seven 
points in the meet, held at Ohio 
Weslyan College in Delaware, Ohio 
last weekend. Kalamazoo of 
Michigan won the team champion-
ship with 20 points, followed by 
Washington and Lee with 12 , 
Claremont-Mudd (a team UCSD 
beat 8-1 in a dual match earlier in 
this season) was third with 11 and 
Williams College with 8. 

Quarter-finalist 
Metsch made it to the quarter-

final round wher,e he was eHmi-

Netters take 2nd 

nated by Kalamazoo 's Dave 
Thompson, 6-3, 7-5. Jon Gerdsen, 
the Triton 's number two seed 
through most of the season, was 
knocked off in the third round 4-6, 6-
3 and 60-4. 

Bill Hein fell in the second round 
of competition, 7-6, 64 while John 
Rosenberg lost in the first round, 3-
6, 6-4 and 7-5. 

Doubles Duos 
UCSD's doubles entrants of 

Hein/Jack Broudy and Metschl 
Gerdsen were eliminated in the 
third rounds: 6-1,3-6, 7-5and6-4,6-2. 
Hein and Broudy lost to the doubles 
pair which finished runners-up. 

The national singles crown went 
to Chris Bussert of Kalamazoo as he 
defeated Lars Alexanderson of 
Claremont-Mudd, 3-6, 6·2 and 6-1. 

Bussert teamed up with Jim 
Hosner to defeat Stewart Jackson 
and Don John of Washington and 
Lee, 6-4, 6-3 , 6-3 for the nationals 
doubles title. 

All-Cal tourney poorly run 
by Karen Hunter 

Staff Writer. 
Triton badminton coach Fred Koch was unhappy as his team returned 

from the All-Cal Tournament at UC Davis. It wasn't that his team did not 
do well. In fact, the UCSD netters picked up a second place finish with 49 
points, one point behind tourney winners, UC Berkeley. Koch was upset at 
the inefficiency of the tournament director and a goof up that may have 
cost his team the title . -

"The team doesn't feel bad about their showing," Koch commented. 
"They played well and got second place. However, due to the poorly run 
tournament the matches lasted much longer than they should have. We 
were unable to finish all of our mixed doubles matches, an area where we 
could have picked up those extra few points to gi ve us the title." The team's 
plane left before the matches were played with every UCSp player aboard. 

The Davis tourney rounded out the season for the badmmton team . They 
finished with an overall dual match record of 5-2 . 

Judy Sweet: no "minor" sports ... 
(Continued frorn page 3 
ner department than in the past. 

This change in attitude has been 
reflected in the feelings of UCSD 
students in general, Sweet said: 
" There is a definite difference in 
the feelings of students today; they 
now have more of an understanding 
of the needs and values of athletics 
and are more supportive as a 
result. " 

The new attitude, as demon-

INVENTORY REDUCTION SALE 
going on in the 

Coursebook Department 
of the University Bookstore 

until May 26 

strated by events like the spirit 
nights held during the year's 
basketball season, Sweet found 
"neat." The increased involvement 
shows the teams that the rest of the 
campus supports them. And the 
games serve as entertainment for 
the students - yelling and 
screaming can be a good outlet." 

Even with the new feelings 
toward sports and sports funding, 
Sweet said the athletics program 
still needs more money. 

" Sure we can always use more 
money . You didn ' t expect me to 
answer that question any other 
way, did you?" she said with a 
quick grin . 

The added funding would go 
mainly for expanding travel 
opportunities for the teams and for 
facilities and equipment/' she said . 

The issue of expanded athletic 
facilities is scheduled to come up 

ALL.AMERICAN - ",,,,.aut 
for hi. effort. at 
championships in D4!le~ININ 
meet for the first time, 
University. 

Me:tsc:1I was named AU.American 
's NCAA Division III tennis 
The Trito.s, competing in the 

place team honors with Redla.ds 

for a vote in the student r.,f·...... Sweet said she personally hopes 
set for fall . A new the change will run in the direction 
Recreation Center - of maximizing athletic participa-
include a pool , gym tion for as many students as 
tennis and racquetball possible . . . . 
been drawn up, and Sweet " If the athletiC experience IS 
fervently hopes studen considered to be positive, then why 
approve it. not make it available to as many 

people as possible ," she asked 
rhetorically . 

She pointed to UCSD's " sane" 
" The Rec Center is rea thletic program as a good example 

I hope students will really f a maximum participat\on 
issues and realize the cenl.;~;'ngram , but warned that no 
necessary to allevia university can adopt UCSD's kind 
current overcrowding," of program without a total 

Sweet was also asked commitment from everyone 
opinion about the state involved . 
legiate sports on other Sweet also talked about the 
In response, she paused purpose of athletics at a university . 
then said, " is The major goal, she said, is to 
that comes to " provide students with the 
The direction the change opportunity to participate and to 
still am.biguous, though. reap the results of their develop-

"Certainly the ment of skills and understanding of 
Title IX (a federal strategies and to work toward a 
men 's and women 's sports common goal - seeking excel-
equally funded has ca lence." 
change. Some schools, A second goal , she sa id, is to 
Diego State, have cut involve the rest of the university 
smaller scale sports, to community in a support role as 
sports equally . spectators. 

" Otber schools 'have The first co mmitment , she-
football , since it's so emp ha sized , must be to the 
And there will be even athletes, rather than to the fans , 
in the next few years, as alumni or media , as is done at some 
even tighter." other schools . 

Foreign Language Books 20% to 50°,.{, off 
... 

'no 
o ~ \ • French ·German 

HOW LONG 
since you've seen 

a DENTIST? 
ABORTION 

BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 1!~ l II ~ ~ ~ I\ ~'- .. " 

, :£ I \ 0" , - ;tJirl{l.OP\' , ,\ 
I ~ I \ ~- ~ 
I ~ I \" '--'.)~"~I cLJ 

-J j 1&0'1 , / ~, ~r<J. --- • Russian ~ '-;: ~ t..-----c:.---
• Hebrew .Italian 

• Spanish 

Out 01 print and old edition coursebooks 
marked down 50% 

We have G lot 0/ toek we want to sell. 
COME IN AND MAKE AN OFFER. 

Purchases from the 
Coursebook Department during this sale 

are final. 

NO REFUNDS 

call 452·2080 

UCSO 'OENTAL GROUP 
OPEN ALL SUMMER 

also 
SPOUSES Of STUDENTS 
may have teeth cleaned 

and Ixamlned 

Mon.fri. 8 am ... pm 

STUDENT RATES 

TESTING 

·LOW .COST 
"CONFIDENTIAL 

"STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

·FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

Strikeouts top AA softball 
Riding a nine game win tl" ak and out to d f nd lh ;r 

championship, the StTikeouts took over the number one spotin the 
Men' s AA division of intramural softball this week by edging 
Human Capital, 54. 

The Strikeouts, composed of soon-to-be med schoolers, finished just 3-3-1 in last year 's regular season play but swept all three of 
their playoff games to cop the men' title. This year, they have 
won their first six games and can go undefeated into the playoffs 
with a win in their next game. 

Other teams holding the top spots in each division are Royal 
Hippodrome in Men's AAA, Raw-Raw-Raw in Men 's A, 
Renobettes in Coed AA and Multiple Orgasms in Coed A. 

Men's AAA 
Once again, Royal Hippodrome tops the Men's AAA division 

after they blasted Open Minds, 13-2. This week's special award 
goes to the Softballs of the Big Ego League for having lost every 
game by an extremely lopsided score. In just seven games, the 
Softballs hav~ beerl outscored 134-19, including a 30-6 shelling last 
Saturday at the hands of Kirby's Bacon. Of the Softball's 19 runs, 
11 were tallied in one game. The Men's AAA poll: 

1) Royal Hippodrome (6-0) 
2) Midas (6-0) 
3) Average White Boys (4-1) 
4) Lobotomies (4-2) 
5) Coitus Intramuralis (4-2) 

Men's AA 
The Strikeouts took over the top spot from TDH & SLU & CO, 

which suffered its first loss, a 13-6 setback toJok Jung. Frumpkins 
Phuqnutz moved closer to the number one spot by squeaking past 
Inputs-OutPl,lts, 7-6. Running on Empty's big guns returned as they 
bested Hope of Glory, 10-3 , The Men's AA poll: 

1) Strikeouts (6-0) 
2) Frumpkins Phuquntz (5-0) 
3) Running on Empty (5-l) 
4) Pepe Lopez (4-1) 
5) TDH & SLU & CO (5-1) 

Men's A 
Raw-Raw-Raw rose four notches to the top spot in this week 's 

Men 's A rankings by making a puddle out of Ice Nine, 22-2. Too 
Coo) lost its poise and its first game, 7-6 to the Rehabs, and fell 
from the number one to fourth. The third seeded Red Sox tied 
Sigma-Para 10-10 on a last second field goal. The Men's A poll: 

1) Raw-Raw-Raw (4-1) 
2) Del Mar Coasters (5-1) 
3) Red Sox (4-1-1) 
4) Too Cool (3-1-1) 
5) PBBombers (4-1) 

Coed AA 
Bush League ran its record to 5-0 with a doubleheader win last 

Sunday, 9-0 over Bye Bye Baby and 154 over the Strokers. Essies 
Lumber Company lost again and fell out of the top five . The 
ratings : 

1) Renobettes (5-0) 
2) Bush League (5-0) 
3) Dynamo Humm (S-O) 
4) Thumpers (5-0) 
5) Dr. Shawn's O.R. (3-1) 

Coed A 
Multiple Orgasms outnumbered Kazappo's 7-0 to take over the 

number one spot from Ragtime Blues, which dropped all the way 
down to seventh . Second seeded Butterfingers slithered past 
Subductors , 13-2. The Coed poll: 

1) Multiple Orgasms (5-1) 
2) Butterfingers (5-1) 
3) Fishy Smell (5-1) 
4) Open Minds (5-1) 
5) Intramural Neurons (5-1) 

Playoff status 
Although exact pairings for softball playoffs have not yet been 

announced because several post season berths are still up for 
grabs, 1M softball's main dude Mike Hipp has made a pre-playoff 
statement: 8 teams from the Men's AAA division will be eligible 
(four from each leage in double elimination) , 16 Men's AA teams 
will qualify (four from each league) , and 12 Men 's A teams will 
compete (four from two leagues and two from each Pop-up 
League) . 

No announcement has been made regarding Coed playoffs yet. 

UC San Diego University Event. Office preHnts a Iec:ture 

THE CASE OF ETHEL 
AND 

JULIUS ROSENBERG 
by Robert (Rosenberg) Meeropol 

"History will record .. ,that we were victims 
of the most monstro,",s frame-up 

of our country," 
. Ethel and Jullul ROlenberg, June 1953 

May 25, Thursday, 8:00 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

UCSD Stu. $1.00 
G.A. $2.00 ' 

UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

Page 5 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
: COLLECTOR'S ITEM : 
• • 
: $10.00 Gift Certificate : 
• Buy a pair of any of the following style shoes, : 
: and collect a fre~ $10.00 ~ift certifica~e for I 
• tennis or runnmg clothmg (sale ltems I 
: excluded). : 
• • 
• • 
• • 
: Tennis Shoes : 
• • 
• Adidas Stan Smith • 
• K·Swiss • 
• Puma Hard Court • 
• Nike Wimbledon • 
• Fred Perry (Leather) • 
• Adidas Professional • 
• Tred Z (Leather) • 
• Tretorn (Leather) • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• Running Shoes .: 
: Nike LD lOOO V • 
• Brooks Vantage •• 
• Adidas Runner • 
• Nike Waffle Trainer • 
• Brooks Villanova • 
• Nike Lady Waffle Trainer • 
• Tiger Tigress • 
• Etonic K,M • 
• Nike LD 1000 • 
• Nike Elite • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• OFFER GOOD THRU 1 JUNE 1978 • 
• • 

THE MIDDLE EAST: 
THE ISSUE IS PALESTINE 

Hear 
HASAN RAHMAN 
ACTING INFORMATION 
OFFICER OF THE P.l.O. 
MISSION T'() THE U.N. 

Tonight! 
8:00 pm 
Revelle Cafeteria 

Spon.ored by: Arab Am.rlc:.n SOCiety Ad Hoc Com mitt .. on Pal •• llni 
NatloMI Lswy.,. Guild Iranian Student. Alloclallon CASA 

BOBBY KELTON 
JEn' DEIlART 

G'IJ·AGBER 
at Muir C.f ... rl~ 

Wedne"ay, May 31, 8:30 

Unlveralty Even.. Office 
~J4 ". /H ~ .~,."t 

~ 1917- 1 III 
'''0. aa_ 



,... • I triton times w ...... ,. Me, 24. 1171 
Arts/~ntertainment 

by WilHam GI ...... 
The new Lily Tomlin film, 

ColllsioDl, finallY premiered 
last Friday nigbt at Mandeville 
Auditorium UCSD and, from 
the looks of it, won't be selling 
out any large theatres, or small 
ones for that matter. Which is 
not to say that it isn't any good: 
the plot is ratber witty, but I 
don't know bow many people 
are interested in Tomlin 's 
introspective view of modern 
life. . U The film concerns an IDte ec-
tual congress on a fictional 
planet in our solar system, 
trying to decide whether to 
blow un the ~arth in order to 
save itseU. They send one of 

their citizens down to "pos-
sess" a TV newsc.aster (Tom-
lin) and send back information 
about the earthlings. After 
making some wry observations 
about the contradictions of 
human existence. " They don' t 
know why they exist" and 
wreaking havoc on Torrllin' s 
career, the e.xtrater~est~ial 
citizen withdraws , leavmg 
Tomlin to pick up the pieces. 

Typ,ically, the substance of 
the fdm has very little to do 
with the plot; like the best 
science fiction, the film never 
really gets beyobd earthly 
considerations. Tomlin pre-
sents her views on the loneli-

Dance group to perform 
The Ruby Millsap Dance Theatre, which prides itself on an 

eclectic approach to a variety of styles and moods, will perform at 
8 pm Saturday, May 27, in the Mandeville Auditorium at the 
University of California, San Diego. 

The troupe, led by choreographer Millsap, will present a duet, 
"Spell"; "Roun' My ChaiT the Children Run", a suite of dances 
exploring the child 's world, and a new piece entitled " Crescent 
MO()n in a One-Horse Town. " The Millsap dancers will be joined by 
the Los Angeles Dance Theatre in a special guest appearance. 

In a recent interview Millsap was asked if her company 
identified with any particular technique or style. 

" In one instance there's mime, ballet, abstract movement and 
jazz in the same piece. In another work , there is simply abstract 
movement with no definitive story line. We're trying to present the 
works without necessarily labeling them . That way, it evokes from 
the person viewing it whateve r response is na tural a nd 
comfortable for that individuaL" 

The UCSD performance by the dancers is sponsored by the Mui r 
College Contemporary Black Arts Program and the Department 
of Drama. Tickets are $1 at the UCSD Box Office or a t the door . 
........•.....••....•.••••.•. ..•..•...........•.••.•...••....... , 
: Expires May 31, 1978 : 

· TRANSMISSION SPECIAL : 
~ iMH i re ON MOST C~RS $1450 ~ 
: ~ - WITH THIS COUPON reg. $24.&0 : 
· • • Sind Adjustment (""''' • ..,.,_) : 
: • Change Tr.namlUion Fluid • CI_n Filter • Adjust Linkage : 
: • New Pan G .... et • Roed Test • Check Modulator • 

· Mission Transmission & Brakes : 
· 

• All OUR WORK IS FUll Y GUARANTEED 25 YEARS E~PERIENCE 

; 6131 Mission Gorge Rd. 283-6118 ~ 
•••••••••••••••• ••• • • ••• • • •• • ••••• • ••••• • ••• •• • I II •••• •• ,· • • •• " . 

RIDAY niT 
flJ(KI 

7 .nd ~:30 pm M.y 26 Mind.vllle Auditorium 

Central Box Office, 452 - 4559 
Unl 

ness of present-day existence 
through two well -choreo-
graphed dances to J udy 
Collins-type son~s . Waxinll 
didactic, she admonishes us nol 
to worry about abstract 
theories, to believe in extra-
terrestrial beings; and not to 
get hung up in the past with its 
accompanying banal sentimen-
talities. 

Though the film is not very 
humorous , it does have 
comedic bright spots. Dan 
Ackroyd, Gilda Radner and 
Irwin Corey are as funny as 
Jane Wagner's script allows 
them to be as members of the 
unearthly congress , and 

'Tomlin's blase reaction to her 
mother's homespun reminis-
cences inspires a stifled 
chuckle of two, but as a whole 
the movie drags as a result of a 
desultorily lazy (the hip word 
would be " creative") script, 
and lackadaiscal direction and 
acting. 

Concert scene 
REO, Rainbow: earplugs at Aren 

by Tim Mackenzie 
. Arts Editor 

After enduring four hours of genuinely intense 
n' roll, REO's hit " Ridin ' the Storm Out" 
a new s ignificance for me. Only this time 

storm was decibles. 
Sometimes rock bands fe el the need to 

actually numb the heads of the audience. By the 
time Ritchie Blackmore and Rainbow had left 
the stage, my brain had been poached like an 
egg by one searing guitar lick too many. Yet 
REO , as the headliner. would not be outdone. 

show, doing a little more in the realm of 
acoustic music . His talent could hand 
Whether his rock star ego could is anmn .. ;nr 
matter . Drummer Cozy Powell ham 
away relentlessly yet ruined himself by 
drum solo to a tape of the ' ' 1812 Overture." 
tape recording was so loud that it was 
impossible to hear Powell's drums. But 
the concept was dumb, anyway. If Bl.adrmlonl 
did away with that drum solo and some 
own excessiveness, not to mention lead "JlI'5C11 
Ronnie James Schlocko, he might have a 
rate rock n' roll show Paced by the high-strung singer/guitarist 

Kevin Cronin, REO raced through a frenetic set 
at top volume encompassing most of their hits, For some softer, more soulful sounds, 
as would be expected. REO (you can add the Green returns to San Diego this Wednesday 
Speedwagon if you wish) has been atitforyears, the California Theate. Green has been 
but only recently has emerged as a rock concert from the limelight for awhile, but don' t t:}(IJt:C~1 
headliner in large venues. him to have lost any of his magic. Showtime is 

It is clear that the band is better able to reach 7: 30. 
its audience through live concerts, making full The following night, Thursday the 25th , 
utilization of Cronin's energy. That in itself Stanley Clarke and J ohn McLaughlin will be 
probably explains the high sales of their live LP. the California Theatre. Clarke, formerly with 
Yet REO seemed unfulfilling on stage Monday Chick Corea and Return to Forever, is one of the 
night.Mostofthebandlookedlike ilwas merely premier bassists in the jazz/ rock world . 
backing up Cronin and his striped outfit. The McLaughlin , with a new LP called Electric 
lead guitarist ran through some really nice runs, Guitar Player, is touring with his new One Truth 
but they just didn't appear that spectacular in Band. He plans to tour with his other band Shakti 
the w ke of Blackmore. after this tour is completed. 

Preceding REO on the bill Monday night was Jorne y and Montrose are scheduled to 
Rainbow, a band formed by ex-Deep Purple perfQrm a t the busy California Theatre May 29 
guitarist Ritchie Blackmore. Their set was, in a at 8 pm. 
word, overwhelming. Though Blackmore is Elvis Costello, Nick Lowe and Mink DeVille in 
undoubtedly a great guita rist with a good back a new wave assa ult at the Civic Theatre 
up band, Rainbow just goes in for overkill. W~dnesday, May 3l. Definitely a show not to 

Blackmore had the crowd on its feet with his miss. 
quicksilver-fast guitar licks. His solos on " Man. When it comes to disco, nobody does it better 
On The Silver Mountain" and "Still I'm Sad" than Donna Summer. The lady that brought 
we re outrageous, though he solos on every song. orgasms to albums with " Love to Love You 
He plays the frets in as many ways as humanly Baby" brings her show to the Fox Theatre on 
possible, running his hands, cord. ass and even June 16 at 7: 30 . Watch for her in the new film 
his feet in ord~r to get what might questionably Thank God U's Friday. 
be called musIc. And of course, Blackmore stdl Average White Band with it ' s soulful 
indulges himself in the ultimate expression of Scotsmen, in cQncert June'25 at Golden Hall . 
destroying his guitar by splintering it against Don't forget , if you want to get your Stones 
the floor, amps, etc. tickets for July 23 at Ana heim Stadium you'd 

Sometimes I wish that Blackmore might better hurry. I doubt they'll have any left at the 
possibly tone down the excessiveness of his live door. 

Can Do for 
You 

Here's T A 
KGB at the Mission Beach Cooed Volleyball Toun,an~er'l 

dturday. May 27th. 1:00 P.M. Reglst r Yflur Cooed team bV calling the an 
Diego Breakers at 298-0774 . 

~***************** •••• *.* •• ******** ••• * •••• *** •••••••• ··*****··**··**~*~*~*~*~·~·~·~~r~·'=·:· ,=·:·,:·=--=·=·-=.=.,=.:.,:.:.=.:.,=.=.-=.:-=.:\--~~~~~!!~~~!!~~~ 
Classifieds *** Classifieds ,~COMMUNITYt 
•••• *** ••••••• *** •• ******* •• ****** •••••••• *****.* •• ** •••• *****. *.**********- ilJ~()H()])13~~ 

Personals "'ou nd iJ btl) If 3 p ·ed hike To d.Jlnl 1,111 45.\ 5864 T~Vlnl " .... ·,1. ·1 .. let rl'll.lf)h.:: n·dl"lm~.hh· IH \l ; " 
"t ·D fo~ r(JCkd3Ih.·f"~an} Mo)l 2! LI\t"b.lnd If t'lllt.'<i 
"""I 2;jJ 9160 " :16, 

och;l)loloCY-'llm dnd dl us Ion FrldJ)' Mol)' 16. 
7 '0 pm. HL Aud F .... Child,· ... Spon .. rl'd by 
Groumh4 ork Collective .. nd Sc;lence for Ihe Pf'ople 
452-4212 (Snti) 

Lost sll~ .. r ciaarettt> ~ase from PelkJne It I of 
IMantle sentlmenlal value' PLEASE PLEASE 
R ETlJRN Rowa rd orr.rI'd call x4564 or436·97:n 753-
7229 

To the ref ... ·hl) w ... w.ke"' on Muir N. Would you 
lik.dlnner' find meS" Etop n backTH2-4 LV MES 

Wanna .ctJnvolved ? Joi n the Mulr P rolrarn Board 
and be apan o f the .ocial ~ne! Appl)' now to May 
26 In th e Mu ir R el/den1 H al l l Of lice 

[)o you leel there ilD't enou lh to 10 arou nd MUIr" 
Chanl e thinl' by joinina the MulrP rocram Do. rd. 
Apply toclllY - pick up an a pplication In the Muir 
ReSIde n t Hall. O rllce thro u llh M ay 26 . 

He)' you down in the d un,eon! Happy 'Bi rt hday . 
Lo\'e KK 

S,uden' Ad v..,. t ... We can hel p! W. h.ndle all 
types of problem • . Revell. PI ... dally 11 · 1 or452· 
44S4 15/21 ) 

No problem i. too small , 50 live UI 8 ~aU FOCUS: 
Helpline 4$2-44$5 6· 11 OI,htly. 

A refrYlhinl w.y to start. the Jummtr" T here's 
somelhlne brewlnl , and it im'olves the Gr&leful 
Oe.d 

Mike Pfed and his Jau quartet Will ,ive .it; free 
('OfIcert Sunday nile at 9' 00 at the Side Door. 

Reward 120.00 ror inl()rmalion leadJRI Lo the 
IdenlirtcaLion of the per30n who stole the tapper 
from the part)' on Cost.ebeUe Drive Ian Sal. nilf' 
Phone .sHU4 

wanteo 
Summer Mone), We buy your uled collece tfXU for 
cash COli fornia Book. across the 8ln"et frc.'TI SDSU 
151141 

VACATION WITHOUT MONEY Is • va aUon 
without fun , Have run. Earn the elltra money you 
IM!'td by world n. a few hours a day. Phone 291 ·~ 
evenina& for appointment No phone interviews. 
15/ 2111 

Wanted: one audience for mal ieinn how on May 25 
at I: 30 pm. Revelle C.aret~ria Show will be followed 
by a dan~ With refresbmentl beinlnrvl-eci and it's 
ill Cree ! Compliments of RHPA ,5 / 24. 

E arn , -men , 21-50 , needed lor psychololl ca l 
expenments In LaJoUa . P!ease call ~2""'7$O . Leave 
name (619) 
I 'm 'ranlferrinl to UCLA nexl )ear - am lookin, 
(or female roomalel . Call Andrea 455-1386 (612 ) 

Jo IJund on(' afJld hoop PJnnKou'lldt:> HL ull ~ n ( \ .11 
%74 ')3ft,'; 

Lost n,w men & 'It. lit thl' w.J111 . "" l'illl'!' h.il hlil' 
r\>d .. nd gray 1n 1\ Wa IO!<lt t""o "", ks ~"u.5.1():-:: 

travel 
(lEE a nnounces new . il Ppiuv~d ONE WAY 
CHARTER' Confirmed ... , c.nnowbebooked IO 
Parl.S Am,,~rdam. Zurich' Pnct'"5 beain at S2.~ 
Irom San Fran<.'liCO/ Lol Anct"If"I . $'99 (rom Ne'" 
'ork Flyma: round ttiP the pru.'t e I do~ n when 
)00 C()mbine any '-'0 CIEE fllahlJi Ihdt Ult your 
ICht.'(iule! Select your own rOUle' Come e us at 
CIEE S'udent Tro' e l Se"'i"'" ( 'CSO Student 
Centlfr B.m.3 La J olla CA ~\t9J 4114' -412..06.10 Open 

VII~ekdu)' ll ll r'" · '· , n 

housing 
2 roommates F wanted Playmor CondOil· neBr 
UCSO. Own room. Pool Call Sandy ~717' early 
am or ev~ (6/2t 

Summe r rental, sin,le and dc.~ bl room. In Del 
Mar, 1 b lock lrom Ihe beach. ! 111O·115O. A •• llable 
June 21. pouiblJIty 01 year lea .. Call 755·7404 and 
a,t ror And~w or Coltn IT8Al 

Have to mo,,'e 00\ of)'ourbeautiful Del Marapt th ls. 
summer? Come live in mine ' l50/ mo. 1 blk fn'll 
beach Call SMra at 411-1310 rnominl s Keep trylnlJ! 
(5 / 26 ) 
Wanted Mesa Hou Inl ~ontract for summer 
Lookln&: to pedd le yours':" 155 · '711 04 ( S / U) 

N«d 1 female roomatP share rm 82.$0 mo. Gen 
Hiland! for liummer &: / or fall . KarenW-ISI 4 (S/261 

Male Room-mate Needed for 11-71 Academic" ear 
3 bdnnt2 ba,h 1 "ory house with .u~deck. fully 

fumil~ '.I) block rrom beach In Del Mar 12 min. 
lrom JChool. I ltf/ momh 755·7177 ask rQr aNce. 
... 'roommate ror IUmmer-own room-fumished 
11042.50 belinnins July 1 call Dennece at 292-1300 
arter 5 pm 

services 
Typing , expenenced . thelHl • di lSertali ons . 
reasonable raies. quality KUaranleed. Call Cindy 
17t).2236 (812l 
Typin, _ MorUyn wouid like ,olu llill your 'yplnc 
need - expert. reasonable. hal IBM . Call f7t.f72t . 
(8/ 91 
NEED A TYPIST ' R~aJOnabte rates. experienced. 
C.II alter 12 : 39 . "a,hi. 276 ·92" . "It I 
rrofesslonal T y p ing Rea so nable Rates IBM 
Cor red.i na: Selectric Call (or Pree Estimate Gall 
4AI ·7S40 (6/91 

P ROF ESS IO:'t L TYPI~(i. reaso n able rate • . 
VIUnl e S~retanat. ItOO Pruspe('l no 250. UJ Jollu 
",54 6316 ITS ;\1 

McElroy and intercolleglates ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
participant-oriented program, 
that would be hurt by the build-
up of one or two sports." 

McEl r oy den ied t ha t he 
wants to strengthen several 
pa rti cula r sports , but sa id , 
"Sure, I'd like to see us get 
better scholar-athletes, and if I 
can help out fin ancially, I' m 
glad to do it. 

"I'd like to see students get 
more interested, but I' ll leave 
the method up to the athletic 
department. I' d like to improve 
everyone of our sports." 

As (or the fu ture use of the 
Chancellor'S funds , Sweet said, 
" The large equipm ent pur-
chases have been made. We 
bought a crew s hell , t r ack 
landing pit, scrum machine and 
swimming starting blocks. In 
the futur , we would li ke more 
travel for teams within the 
state, and t he conti-n ued 
participation in Nationals for 
all students who qualify." 

McElroy, Hunt and Sweet all 
said they believe UCSD can 
attract better scholar-athletes 
without the use of scholarships, 
tuition waivers or special jobs 
on campus for athletes. 

"UCSD has a lot to offer," 
Sweet said , with McE lroy 

echoing the op inion .• 'The 
additi on of recru it ing a nd 
travel funds make it even mote 
attractive to athletes." 

At least one coach disagreed. 
" I believed that we didn' t need 
scholarships a year ago ," he 
said . "I think I was naive We 
need a greater commitment to 
excellence. ' , 

Wh ile open to suggestions, 
Sweet said she will not a lter her 
feeli ngs as to where additional 
money s hould go . She also 
emphasized that "we haven't 
received any extra money for 
next year, anyway ." 

"Our teams are constantly 
improving ," Hunt said. "Look 
at tennis and volleyball , which 
were both invi ted to Nationals 
this year. 

"For neAt year, we are just 
investigating the needs of the 
inte rcollegiate program. We 
want to keep our options open ." 

Sources indicate, however, 
that McElroy will give at lea t 
an additional $10,000 from hi 
di cretionary fund for next 
year , a nd that the actual 
disc retion over u e of the 
money will lie with weet. 

(''''TI'I'IIIlE "\, ... .. III<' ('"II 1Il\I 'III t ' 4:i.IO.27 \ln. 1. 983 India : 
tiln h 'P . ! 327 F Street I 
1 \'1'''(;' J B\1 .... l,h·IIJI' It'rm I"". II th,'''H, Jlhll 
dlh '1, .• ,1/111"- ,·nilmj(~ III SII JO(I '1,»:1 Uti:-,., .;tiI) 
"171 !kt Il.I;I' 1·1:' IfIIlS Ifl !n 

for sale 
SterN) sYSli"m H,c!HO lumtilblt. Racel receiver. 2 
Lancer speak rs . I ),PJr old MOYIn. must sell 
E.",lIenl 1150 Elen) 453<m& (5/21) 

lt7~ SUluki streel bike. 250('(.". lood condition, SlOO . 
755-4113 eve. 15/311 

25" blr),cle - RalellhGrand Prix w/book rack. new 
tl re •. l unLour dera l l~r 175 ca ll Nick 4S2-2S70 ~$/ 26 1 

67 Volvo 1225 lood cood Rebuilt CRllne at 40,000. 
UOO D~n HUN'ill %2S-I367 (5/ 2", 

A.R turntable model XA . Base aD(i dust cover. Shu te 
hl. 'rork c. rtrid,e 150 . Ne" 453·7105 15/21) 

69 Saab 96 new tire • . runs l ood. Recent valye job 
and rebuilt tranlmiuion mo. 453-0522 Ned (5124) 

SUptflCOpe by Manntl' compact.S MS 54G AM / FM 
stereo calseltt' recordinl ay.lem. Brand new ":9-
7113 

TraUwlse rin! lent new SISO . Trallwlw no 73 pack 
165: Northl"". Scrrow Parka 175 . Nf 8i, root 8a, 
145. RolI~i 35S wllh Roll I EI58 na.h . Never used 
still on warra nty I have r~ipts . '155 272-32O'l 
berore' am 

VW Sedan 61. 6.5000 mi. encine " interior in creat 
>hape $1 000 ca ll Nick 452 · 2570 (5 / ~11 

Oymally to 
speak here 
tonight 

Lieutenant Governor Mervyn 
Dyma lly will s peak on the 
power structure within the UC 
syst em and how to work 
through it in Professor Will 
Wright' s Sex and Violence in 
America class tonight in USB 
2722 at 8: 30 pm. 

Dymally's education advi-
sor, Peg McCormick, will meet 
with students at 5 pm in the 
Coffee Hut to discuss cur rent 
teaching and student service 
needs a t UCSD. This will be an 
inform a l di scussion a nd a 
chance for an exchange of ideas 
on educational issues . 

TEST PREPARATION 
'~EC IALISTI SINCE 1131 

Visit Our Centen 
And Se. f or Yourself 

Why We Mike The Dlfferente 
Call DIYS, Eves & Weekends 

San Diego Cent. r 
2180 Garne. A.e. 

Pacif,c Seach 92109 

Phone (71.) 270-8810 

i PAYSDONORS i ~ for Service ~,;. 
/ Mon.· Frl 
i 233-5481 i i 234·460) : a.p~._ ....... _ •• _ ,._ •• _._._ •• _ •. _ .e 

CHARTERS 
APEX-SKYTRAIN 

Student Fares 
Europe-Hawaii 

Don" Take Chances 
291-8141 

DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEL, INC . 

. ' . ' .. 

AMES, BID, PHYSICS, 
MATH, CHEM, or APIS 
STUDENTS WANTED! 

The UC pu blic at i on. the 
CAUFORNIA ENGINEER, is now 
flllinR positions at UCSD. Amoni 
the spots available are: 

• AdYertisinl Manater 
• Circulation Manater 
• Publicity Director 
• Photorraph. 
• Copy Read_ 

NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED! 
Dan Tierney, the business manapr 
of the CAL ENGINEER will be at 
UCSO Friday, May 26 to speak to all 
interested students. If you're one 
of them, contact: 

CaUN HIRAYAMA 
75~7404 

''The Magician Show " 
May 25th at 8:30 pm 

Revelle Cafeteria 
a dance will follow with 

refreshments served! 
AND ITS All FREE! 

Sponsored by Revelle Hall Program Advisors 

Proudly Announces Our 

FIRST ANNUAL 

FOUR YEAR COLLEGE 

ESSAY COMPETITION 

SCHOLARsmp PROGRAM 

• Two Full-Tuition Paralegal Specialist Scholar-
ships for Senior College Graduates Only. 

• To Enhance The Paralegal Profession 
• 1977-1978 Topic: "COURT REFORM" 

CONTACT 
Mrs. Kathy Hersh 

Assocklte Dean 
for Academic Affairs & Placement 

10811 Washington Boulevard 
Culver City, CA 90230 

(213) 204-0000, ext. 23 

American Academy of Dramatic Arts 
Pasadena. California 

Smce 1884 the Ameflcan Academy of DramatIC Arts 
has en,oyed an unparalleled reputatIon m 

the rr8tntng of profeSSional acrors 

The Director of the AcademylWest wil l be In 

SAN DIEGO 
JUNE 3·4 

to conduct IntervieWS and Audition 
for study at AADAlWest in Pasadena 

The Ac d my olfers a slx·week Summer course 
oegmntng JUly 3. 1978 and a two·year Malor Day 

School begmmng September 25. 1978 
CAll NOW FOR APPOINTMENT: 

(714) 231·3866 



Assoclo ed S ents 
University of C lifornlo. San Diego 
Student Center. 8-023 
La Jolla. Colifornlo 92093 

triton times 

. 

IT TAKES MORE THAN 
VO'TES TO RUN THE 'AS 

GET INVOLVED 
Student support and participation are needed to 
make the AS an important factor here at UCSD. The 
outgoing 77-78 AS has laid the vital groundwork. . 

It is now our turn to take the ball and run. 

JOIN THE TEAM 
We need students for: , 
- Committee on Educational Policy 
- Housing and Food Services Ad Comm .. 
- Ad. Comm. on Student Health Services 
- Parking Advisory Committee 
- Program Review Committee 
- Advisory Comm. on Student Financial Service 
- Day Care 
- ASUCSD Bulletin Newspaper Staff 
--Public Relations Commission 
- Executive & Policy Committee 
- Reg Fee Committee 
'- Activity Fee Board 

These are a few' of the over 60 advisory committees 
needing student representation on campus. For a 
complete committee run down and application see 
this week's ASUCSD Bulletin. 

SHORT INFORMATION MEETING 
12:30 Wed. May 31st 

North Conference Room at Student Center 

Applications Available at: 
AS Offices 
College Dean's Offices 
EDNA 

Page One 
Revelle Community Center 
Warren Community Center 
Center for the· People 

Deadline: May 30, 1978 


