
I 

v 

~, 
~ 
a 
a 
n 

'Y 
,S 
x 

'" '-

r 
e 

It 
IS 
Is 
;e 

I, 
'Y 
.t 
l-
Ie 
n 

Ie 
17 
I 

[0 
Ir 
Ie 
.S 
e 
,s 
t. 

Burbidge on the universe 
What we're expanding into 

by Han :\"bar 
Managing Editor 

" I believ that the pi 'tur of the universe we 
have now i much too simplistic . I b Ii ve th I 
r al thing is much mor compli ated . If you talk 
about the univers you find that people find it 
hard to think of an xpandin,g univ r . The 

ay, OK, what' out ide? WhClt's it expanding 
into? That's becau w think in terms of our 
own ordinary everyday experience , and 
therefore the co molog we ' \' 'on tru ,t d is as 
impl a possible ," said Ma rgar t Burbidge, a 
CSD professor of phy ics. 
But Burbidge is also currently pre identofthe 

American A tronomical ociety , the first 
woman in it history to hold that po t. She is a 
form r director of the Royal Greenwich 
Observatory in England , and ha recently 
added an honorary degree at the Univer ityof 
Ma achu ette at Amh~r t to a growing Ii t of 
such credits . 

Burbidge ' term as pre ident of the American 
Astronomical Society will end this summer. She 
i satisfied with the progress made during the 
past year a nd is comfortable in her role as the 
fir~t WClITI<m to serve a the, 0 i tv's pre ident. 

' 'I'm vcr ' pIcas d ," sh> Sd ld . ' 'I'm ry 
interc sted In h<.lvlng more WOOl n in the ph ca l 
S 'i nc s. W have very few " 
But what d e <.In <.tstronorner do at fr , D? 

Burbldg is on i..I team headed by Richard 
Harms of th D Physics Departm nt , which 
ha b en harg d with designing a pe trograph 
for p ce tele cop , chedu l d to be put into 
orbit in 1983. Th team is one of five worldwide 
teams who i building in truments for th 96 
in h diameter telescop . 

There is a need for the pace telescope , aid 
Burbidge . " We 'll have a chance to study the 
ultraviolet region which has been cut off to us 
because of th ea rth ' atmosphere. We'll be able 
to look for faint objects in the universe which we 
al 0 can 't ee now becau e of our atmosphere," 
she aid . . 

" Ground-based people like my elf have begun 
to under tand what we could do if we could puta 
tele cope in pace . Along came the (space) 
shuttle , and here at last is a reasonable way of 
launching uch a telescope . It em the one 
scientific thing we would like to do that really 
requires the huttle," said Burbidge. 

. . (Please turn to page 3) 
< 

MSI - the Whirlpool galaxy is studied by Burbidge. Of special 
intere t i its rotation and activity in its ce"ter. 

V.' San llicgo 

Volume 34. Number %7 Monday, June 5,1978 

Candidates spar as 
election draws near 

by John Hondros 
taff Writer 

building a naval hospital in San 
Diego," stated Golden, who 
added that , if elected, he will 
fight for the retention of San 
Diego 's naval community . 

Jenkel stresses organized AS 
Eight Democratic office-

seekers last week brought their 
campaign ptiche here for a 
Student Center forum , spon-
sored by the UCSD Democrats 
and Progressives. 

Both fo' rench and Golden 
spent a good amount of 
s peaking time knocking 
incumbent Bob Wilson . With newly elected ASUCSD 

President John Jenkel already 
form ulating decisions for the 
wor k i ngs of next year's 
government, the Triton Times 
decided it would be a good time 
to see what steps are now bfing 

John Jenkel 
taken, as well as those things 
being planned. Triton Times 
reporter Eric Jaye questioned 
Jenkel in trying to ascertain 
"what's going on." 

TRITON TIMES: What:s the 
AS going to do for the remaind-
er of this year and the next? 

JOHN JENKEL: The re-
mainder of this year will be 
spent, in the cases of some 
co mmmi sio ners , in the 
beginning of projects that they 
outli ned in their election 
ca mpaigns and that they 
outlined to me. Mar lene 
(P terson) i alread~ busy with 
ApPointments and Evaluations 
:- opening up the scope of who 
I participating in the AS . 
Marg<?t . (Temperepu) is bu y 
orgamzmg som of h r projects 
Farewel l personals 
dead line tomorrow 

.. Broth r - it' getting late ." 
L ter than you think for 

ge tting in your " Good -Bye 
Personals ... 

Yes, for a measly 10 cents you 
ca n say your good-bye to 
U D. But only if you get our 
per onal in by Tuesday at {our. 

Office hours for turning in the 
per onal are Monday 11 ... and 
Tue day 11-4 . No exceptions 
will be made. A maximum or 
thre per onals is allowed. 

Act now. 

in Academic Affairs. I would 
say that the remainder of this 
year for me will be spent in 
getting things together. The 
remainder of this year will be 
spent in laying the flans for 
next year. Next year see a lot 
of action from the commi -
sioners . And the reps look like 
they're going to be very active. 
There have already been some 
bills su bmitted , some good 
ideas, and I'm really encour-
aged by them. A to what the 

TT: Do you plan to hire more 
support staff? 

JENKEL: We will b paying 
some student interns and we 
will be paying higher taff 
salaries because of inflation 
and benefit costs, but we won 't 
be making any extrordinary 
government will do specifical-
ly , I think aside from the 
projects I see the most 
important thing happening 
next year is laying a really tight 
structural organization. 
Ironing out the wrinkels that 
weren't ironed out the first 

year. 
changes in whom we a re paying 
and what we ' re paying them 
for. 

TT: Have you met Richard 
Armitage, the New Vice-
chancellor of Student Affairs? 

JENKEL: I'm having dinner 
with him tonight (Thursday 
night) . 
TT: What are you looking for in 
the relationship between the AS 
and the Vice-chancellor 's 
offi..c.e? 

JENKEL: As I see it the Vice-
chancellor should not be looked 
at as the enemy. I've heard 
nothing but good things about 
Dick Armitage. I expect a good 
working relationship. I think 
he will be someone who will 
work well with the AS and 
someone we can use as an ' 
information source .. . anct 
someone who will whip some of 
the people in the other end of the 
hall in shape. There are some 
staffing problems In the VI€e-
chancellor's office right now. 

TT: What are the problems? 
(Please turn to page 8) 

The Progressives are out 

Each vying {or office in 
tomorrow ' s election , the 
candidate speakers were: John 
French and King Golden, for 
41st congressional district 
representative ; Edward 
Skagen, for 43rd congressional 
..district repr;.esentative· Walter 
Cress and Jerry Harman {or 
State Senate , 38th district ; 
Austin Child, Larry Kapiloff 
and Stan Maki , for Assembly, 
76th district. 

Congressional candidate , 
John French said he doesn 't 
like to see "beautiful develop-
ment" in San Diego suburbs 
" without .seeing development 
in the heart of the city." 

French also expressed 
concern over the relocation of 
the Navy Hospital , attracting 
new industry to San Diego and 
creating more jobs. 

"San Diego's naval commun-
ity is too important to lose," 
said congressional candidate 
King Golden . 

Retention of community 
"One issue makes me 

extremely vulnerable -

UCB conservatives take control 
by Trapper Byrne that the Common Sense caildidates " basically 

Berkeley Correspondent came out and said 'we're rednecks, and we ' re 
Last month , for the first time since 1963, UC g()ing to retu rn your money to you' , because 

Berkeley students went to the polls and did not that's all they think there is to student 
place a party that labels itself " liberal" in government. " 
control of the student government. . . The ASUC president receives $300 a month , 

Instead, they electeo a party that portrays and in all the offic r hope to refund about 
itself as a moderate alternative, led by what the $25,000 in stipends and miscellaneous office 
liberal party's defeated presidential candidate expenses, or about 80 cents per tudent. 
calls "rednecks ." Acknowl dg d ucce 

The "redneck" party, known a the Common While acknowledging the ucce of hi 
Sense Slate, wa founded last year by two promi to return hi alary , victoriou 
independent tudent gov rnment senator ommon Sens presidential candidate Lind e 
wi hing to wrest control of th ASUC pill r b lieves that 0 h r con id ration wer 
government from th lib ral Progressiv Slate, instrum ntal in hi triumph . According to 
which had dominated th A U enate inc pill r, " In th lat 60 and arty 70s th 
1963. Progres ive P rt paid mo t of it att ntion to 

La t month ommon Sens candidate, liberal pecial int r t group , and ny int r t 
promismg to return th ir tipends and to d al group that wa n' t lib rat wa frozen out of 
" respectfully " with campu administration tudent government. A a r ult, many people 
officals on such is ue a ASU autonomy Crom topped v n tr ing to get anything done and 
the university, swept to urpri ing victories in lost l!ltere t in A U( ." 
the top five elected ASU positions - pr id nt, Spiller add that, 41 Th Progre ive Party 
executive vice-pre ident. administrative vic - thu had a very narrow ba e of upport. W (th 
president, academic affair vice-president and Common Sense candidat ) trIed to come 
student advocate. a ro a mod rate . and in that way appeal to a 

Members of both parties agree that the is u broad r ba e.". . ., 
of stipend wa instr1,Jmental in Common Anoth . r c~mp Ign proml of PIll r wa a 

nse's victory. D feated Progres ive Slate vow to m t1tut omput riz d pr - nrollm nt 
pr idential c ndidat Mark Courtn y, pro dur atU B.Lm ofahalf nhourtoon 
currentlyac d mi affair vi e-pre ident. av (Plea turn to pa 8) 

' 'I'm running because I'm 
ignorant. I want to know why 
we are in such a whale of a mess 
- I want to find out why 
Congress hasn ' t done any-

thin~ ," said congres ional 
candIdate Edward Skagen_ 

Skagen said he isn 't making 
any promises and added , 
" People who make promises 
don 't know any more than I 
do ." 

The candidates for state 
Senate and Assembly po itions 

(Please turn to page 8) , 
Prop 8, 13 
forum set 
tonight 

A discus ion of the economic 
ramifications of Propo itions 8 
and 13, featuring three UCSD 
economic professors, will be 
held tonight at seven in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge . 

Professors Walter Heller , 
Richard Attiyeh , and Rob 
Engle will t'alk about the 
economic effect each of the 
property tax relief initiatives 
will have. California voters will 
decide between the two 
tomorrow at the polls . 

Propo ition 13, the controver-
ial Jarvis-Ga nn initiative , 

would cut approximately $7 
billion annually from the state 
budget. Proposition 8, an 
alternative to 13 sponsored by 
Senator Peter Behr, would take 
$1.8 billion yearly from tate 
revenues . 

Make your 
voice heard. . 

v te 
tomorrow 

Polls open 
from 7 am 
to 8 pm 



Prop 1--~" 
Prop 2 -- " Prop3 - •• 
Prop 4 _. Y" 
PropS - no 
Prop6 - no 
Prop 7 - no 

..... Propoaltion. 
Prop 8 
Prop 9 -Y·· 

-Y·· 
Prop 10 - , •• 
Prop 11 - y •• 
Prop 12 - no 
Prop 13 - no 

City/County Propo.Won. 
Prop A - y.' 
Prop 8 - y •• 
Prop C - Y.' 

·Prop 0 - no 
Prop E - Y.' 

Prop 8 and 13 
Propositions 8 and 13, the two property tax measures on 
t~morrow' state primary election ballot, offer voters a clearcut 
cho~e as to what kind of tax relief they prefer. They also give the 
electorate a choice as to what tour e they want for the future of 
California. 

Everyone agrees that some kind of property tax relief is 
necessary. But it' equally necessary that the tax relief we finally 
agree on is the right solution to the problem. Prop 13, though, is not 
the solution. 

Prop 13 goes much too far in the cuts it proposes. According to 
noted economists, it would mean at least 20 percent cutbacks in 
public services, vital services like police protection. The Jarvis-
Gann contingency plan released by San Diego County last week, 
for instance, showed planned cutbacks in the county sheriff's 
office and in library staff. among others. 

Moreover, Prop 13 would mean problems for the school system. 
While Howard Jarvis ays the school - as they are guaranteed 
first call on state tax revenues - would not suffer, he has no 
a nswer to the charge that first call on little i little itself. 

As far as higher education is concerned, both UC and State 
University officials ay fee hikes may be unavoidable if 13 passes. 
In addition, cutback in services, such a financial aids and 
library hour, may well also occur. 

Prop 13 is just too simplistic in its wording. It just demands tax 
cuts, without worrying about the results of the cuts. Some 
observers have speculated that, if 13 passes, lawyers will never 
lack for work again_ 

Finally, 13 is misleading. It is billed as a taxpayers revolt, yet it 
would benefit bu iness more than residents_ Three UCSD 
economists estimate business will receive two-thirds of any 
benefits from 13. 

Prop 8, based on the state Legislature's 8ehr bill , is complex in 
wording and design because the problem it attacks is quite 
complex. Prop 8 would give tax relief to the people who need it -
the beleagured homeowners - not to business. 

Prop 8 will also provide tax relief for the future. It places a limit 
on future tax rates , both by providing that the property tax rate 
will go down as assessments go up and by placing for the first time 
a lid on the revenues the municipalities and state can coHect from 
property taxes. 

In addition, the Behr bill gives a better bargain to renters. While 
neither proposition guarantees renter any relief from the savings 
property owners will receive, 8 at least double the renters' $37 
state income tax credit. 

On the basis of the evidence, after comparing the possible chaos 
that could be engendered by 13 and the even handed tax relief 
available under 8, we recommend a yes vote on 8 and a no vote on 
13. 

Yes on Prop C 
In tomorrow' election, San Diego voters have the opportunity to 

save thousand of acre of unspoiled parkland throughout t he city 
by voting yes on PropoSition C. 

The provisions of C allow the city to buy approximately 10,000 
acres of open space - much of it canyons - and preserve it for the 
future no matter what course housing development takes in San 
Diego. 

Moreover, the land wiD be purchased at no a dded cost w the 
tax~ayers. R'lther it will be paid for out of the city's 
E~v~ronmental Growth Fund, which i financed with about $2 
million annually from a surcharge on monthly utility bills. 

This represellt a very good deal. It would allow the ci ty to ell 
$65 million in b(.Ods to investors, pay for the bond retirement cost 
with the growth fund and u e the 65 miJlion to buy the open pace . 

Moreover, thl! proposition makes nse righl now. The price of 
land grow hifher every day. If we are to ave San Diego's 
preciou open s pace, and help insure that an Diego never 
becomes anoth~r Los Angeles, we must s upport Prop C. 

t -ronti 
Triton Times editorials and endorsements represent the m~jority 
opinion of the Triton Times Editorial Board, which is compo:;ed of: 
Alan Russell, Editor; Mark Stadler, Senior editor; Ran Anbar, 
Manag ing editor; laura A. Richter, News editor; Reed Alpert, 
Associate News editor; and Cindy Heffron, Assistant Managing editor. 

triton times MondII" June 5, 1171 

Opinion 

Letters to the editor 
Surprise endings make for "balance 
between suspense and certainty" 
Editor: 

As a lover of literature, I .must 
open by thanking Michael Esser for 
beginning a discussion of an 
important literary question in the 
pages of the Triton Times . Despite 
Steve Sheperd 's insistence to the 
contrary. Mr. Esser's letter is more 
than a "juvenile" demand for 
surprise endings. A major part of 
the experience of reading a novel 
for the first time depends upon the 
strict following of the plot from 
beginning to end. This is true even 
for the "great literary works" we 
read in class. Novels are built 
around plot. This is not just an 
empty claim; Aristotle says, in the 
related context of tragedy. "Th€ 
incidents and the plot are the end of 
a tragedy; and the end is the chief 
thing of a ll." To say that " plot and 
the elements which lead dominoe· 
like to its re olution are almost 
irrelevant" is, to use Mr. Sheperd's 
own phrase, "more than absurd ." 
To take an example: Jane Austen 's 
Emma . which Professor Behar 
mentioned in hi s letter , is 
structured in such a way that the 
astute reader foresees the ending 
long before it occurs. However, this 
knowledge is undermined continu-
a lly by suspicion as to how the 
ending will come about; there are 
also moments when the certa in 
ending appears impossible. To be 
told the ending beforehand by a 
professor or anyone else would 
undo this delicate balance between 
suspense and certainty. For the 
first-lime reader, this is enough. 
The second· or third-time reader 
can delight. as he investigates the 
novel's implications, in the skill 
with which Austenweaves her plot. 
A novel's concern with the 
development of " the soul of Man", 
Mr. Sheperd , can occur nowhere 
but in the unfolding of the plot. 
There is no process in a novel if the 
process of plot is djsregarded. As 
faithful readers, we must submit to 
" the restrictions imposed by page 
numhcrs"; If the author wishes us 
to do otherwise, we will be told so-
the novel will be structured around 
repetition (as in Gertrude Stein's 
The Making of Americans) or 
around the dada-ist " cut-up 
method" (as in many of William S. 
Burrough's books) . 

Mr. Sh perd ' ~ .insistence that 
" we don't have to be led by the nose 
from point A" is contradicted by his 
appa rent willingness to be told all 
about a book by a professor as he 
"assists" the student's faltering 
understanding . I would much 
rather b led around by a novel! l. 
Otherwise, told by a professor what 
is important and what is not, there 
is no reason to read th book 
a sign d'h it would be sufficient to forego t e primary plea ure of 
reading in favor of 'the econdary 
pleasure (if a plea~ure at all) of 
being told about reading. nfor· 
tunately , this ort of fau lty logi is 
accept d by many students who, 
therefore unfortuna tel y. ma nuge 

to get by in their classes . prematurely discover an ending. 
Pleasurable reading and intelligent 

There must be a way of as igning discussion ca n certainly co-exist. 
novels so that there is rea onable but only if literature professor 
time for reading. Of course . allow adequat time for student 
students who fail to meet a reading. 
legitimate deadline must expect to GARY BURNETT 

Current sports program: 
strives to meet all needs 
Editor: 

We would like to express our concern about a recent article in the Triton 
Times (Wed .. May 31) in which a possible re -emphasis of the 
intercollegiate sports program at UCSD was discu sed. 

The current sports program strives to meet the needs of all the students 
at UCSD, and not ju t a select . a thletic few . Our program is non· 
pressurized and very well attended. 

We fear that putting emphasis and money into a limited number of 
intercollegiate sports programs would be detrimental to the UCSD 
student bodv as a whole . and possibly to women in particular. 

We have witnessed too often the effect of cutbacks and transferring of 
monies 10 sports departments which almost always leads to the ae-
emphasis of women's athletics. We would not like to see this happen at 
UCSD. 

The PE Department has done an excellent job in encouraging total, 
active student participation in its programs . We would like to encourage 
the department to continue it's commitment to "athletes as student." 

UC D WOMEN'S CENTER 

Warren College students: 
Reg Fee position open 
Editor: 

The Warren College Cabinet i now accepting applications for its 
representative position on the Reg Fee Committe . Th importance of this 
position warrants special attention from both the point of view of thOse 
applyin~ an~ of th~se intereste~ in selecting a qualified representative. 
The Cabmet IS offerlOg the followmg information in the hopes of gen rating 
mterest and awareness a bout thi s position. 

The Reg Fee Committee serves as ao advisory committee to the Vice-
chancellor of Student Affairs. It is responsible for allocating a $4.4 billion 
budget in the Student Affairs division which includes recreational and 
intercollegiate athletics , student health services, coun eling a nd 
psychological services, the deans' offices , etc. The committee is composed 
of five administrators and seven students (1 from each college, 1 from the 
Graduate Student Council, 1 from the AS and a student co-chair) . 

There are several basic qualifications that should be con idered when 
making a Reg Fee appointment: 

- most important is an interest in student government, the universi ty 
and the quality of services and programs at UCSD . 
-an ability and willingness to articulate one's thoughts to others. 
-a willingness to devote five-six hours a week at a minimum for 

meetings a nd research. ' 
- po sibly some previous budgetary experience . 
- preferably a sophomore or junior next year . 
The Cubinet would like to encourage any interested Warren College 

student to apply . The committee provides an opportunity for students to 
voice their opinion on how their registration fee is spent and to actively 
involved tt.emselves in university affairs. 

Applications are available in the Warren Colleg Provo t Office. 
Interviews will be h Id Wed. June7 a16: OQ in405 MC. (Stud nts who cannot 
make the scheduled interview should so indicate on their applicution and 
other a rrangements will b made .) 

THE WARREN COLLEGE C .. \BINET 
The Triton Times is publ:shed by UCSO students as ~n oltlclal.ludent new.paper: 

Publication Is on MOndRyS. Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular SC hool year 
(e~cept on oUicial holiday to) . Editor"l a,ld bu,lnoi.lS c.lticeJ are lOCI led Ir the Student 
Center .t the Universltf of C.llfornla. !san Diego. For edltoriai . call 452-3466: for 
bUl ln.s. and display advertISing . call 452-3-\68. 

LaUera to the editor and opinion columns are welcomed. Alt lubm/ssioins should be 
typed end double-spacaa on 8 59-space lina. ';'hey should not exc.ed 1". pages In 
lenglh. 

Submitted material must bear the name and student Identification number 01 the 
author. Names can bewilhheldfrom publ lcat10n on requ t, howeytr.thenames will be 
hela on Iile for public Inspeclion. 

The Triton TImes reserves Ihe light to edit submiSSIons because 01 spacellmltatloos 
or sty le requirements 

Entire cOn tents copyright 19781he Triton TImes 

Mondey, June 5, 1978 

Burbidge on the universe ... 
( onlinul'd rrom page 1) 

Iier enthU.lasm lor lhe 
telescope is unmistakable . 
" One thing we can be ure of is 
that the space telescope will 
open up new fields for astron· 
omy. The unexpect d discov-
eries that it will make is most 

excitin~ " Quasars 
nexpected discoveries have 

been the trademark of lis/ron· 

Margaret Burbidge 
omy in recent year.s , sai d 
Burbidge . " Nobody really 
expected that there would be 
strong radio sources in the sky. 
The same thing holds true for 
X-ray astronomy which we 
study from sate llites , she said . 

" Quasars and pulsars 
weren ' t predicted . They were 
discovered ," aid Burbidge. 
Quasar are the subject of her 
current research . She a nalyzes 
their light with a spectograph to 
find out what they ' re made of. 

Presently quasars are a 
mvstery question of the 

univcr c . H (jeved by some to 
bl-' I he most rUstLl nt obje('ts yet 
found in the univer e . quasa r . 
'-Ire apP<lrenlly related to radio 
galaxies : entire star systems 
like the Milky Way in which a 
violent event took place . High 
energy particles which would 
have resulted from uch an 
event. moving in a magnetic 
field would e mit radio noises , 

xplain d Burbidge. " That's 
how quasars. were discovered 
- because t h ey are radio 
sources." she said . 

Quasa rs present a mystery to 
astronomers , however, as their 
energy source ·is unide ntified . 
Opti ca ll y, they pre ent a 
redshift and appear to be at the 
edge of the detectable universe , 
explained Burbidge . Nothing 
can be ruled out for qua ars at 
prese nt , according to Bur-
bidge . Thus far approximately 
400 quasars have been studied . 
It is estimated that there are 
over 400 ,000 of them in the sky . 

Ground telescope 

The University of California 
operates Lick Observatory and 
is planning to build a new 
telescope the re. Burbidge is 
involved in the preparation for 
the new instrument which will 
be used by three UC campuses 
(Berkeley , Los Angeles , and 
Santa Cruz) as well as U SD. 

Also in the planning are the 
improvements for the Mt. 
Lemmon telescope in Arizona 
which UCSD shares with the 
U niversit y of Minnesota . 
Presently the telescope at Mt. 
Lemmon is bei!1g used for infra-
red astronomy. " There are big 
plans to make it into a good 
optical telescope as well ," said 
Burbidge. 

PKS 0424- 13 

3669 
I 
I II III ' 111 

I 
ly<X 
12' 6 

Z(lm = 2 .15 

1 

Si rl, ON] 
~4.00 

I 
eN 
154':J 

This is the epectrum of a quasar discovered due to its radio 
noise in Australia. The blac" bands are radiation bands from 
the quasar. The white band are absorbtion lines which are 
not yet understood. The sharp blac" line in the middle of the 
s pectrum comes from the city lights of Tuscon. Ari7.nna. 

A book buyer from College 
Book Co., Garden Grove, 
Calif. will be at the Universi-
ty Bookstore to buy books. 

June 14, 15 & 16 
8-4:30 

and 
June 17 
10-1:30 

A list of the books that will be bought 
for the highest percentage is 
available for your reference in the 
University Bookstore. If you have 
any questions pleasce stop at the 
Coursebook Department informa-
tion counter and ask. 

"Astronomy broadens man's conceptions of the universe," _id Margaret Burbidge. " I 
thin" that's why there's a public interest in astronomy. People lilce going to 
planetariums. It has real cultural appeal that plain physics doesn't." Pictured above is 
the planetarium show at the Ruben H. Fleet Space Theatre. 
Studying infra -red radiation harder for young people than it 

from the sky presents a special is for people in our situation ," 
problem . Such a telescope ex plained Margaret Burbidge . 
detects heat radiation a nd must " We will maintain two homes . 
therefore be constructed so that and make do ." 
it doesn 't " glow in the dark ," Looking up again 
said Burbidge. An infra-red 
telescope is also equipped with As t ro nom y f a ces so m e 
a wobbling mirror on top which intriguing issues . Margaret 
allows a computer to analyze a Burbidge shared some of her 
particular object's infra-red thoughts : 
spectrum after subtracting the 
infra-red radiation contribu-
tion from the rest of the sky. 

Back wearth 
Burbidge is involved in 

teaching a descriptive astron-
omy cou rse for non-science 
.majors at UCSD . The course is 
the final one in the sequence of 
The Oceans, The Earth and The 
Skies. She is also helping to 
reorganize the graduate 
astrophysics cour es here . 

Geoffrey Burbidge , her 
husband, is also an astronomer 
who ha recently agreed to be 
the director of Kilt Peak 
National Observatory in 
Arizona . It is a five year 
appoi ntment that will separate 
the two scientists. " It's much 

"The conditions for other life 
in the universe are there. Our 
sun is a very ordinary star and 
there are billions of other stars . 
It is likely that these other stars 
have systems of planets . We 
can actually detect dark bodies 
next to nearby stars . The space 
telescope may actually help us 
observe these kinds of objects . 

" We don ' t exactly know how 
life 's originated . There are 
~ome fairly complex molecules 
III space. We think stars are 
formed in regions of dense 
molecules so that the raw 
materials for life are there." 

" Messages to other life are 
sent out. (There is a) continu-
ous open eye for incoming 
messages. I have never, 

myself , seen any FO (or 
which there wasn't a natural 
explanation other than the 
juxtaposition of planets or a 
strange cloud formation or a 
rocket (r6m Vandenberg (Air 
Force Base) ." 

" (It would be exciting) to find 
some really new physics . (The) 
origin of matter must (have 
been ) in strong gravitational 
fields - something that can 
never be investigated in the 
laboratory. (We are) depen-
dent on what we see in these 
situations in the universe, such 
as the quasars . A modification 
to Einstein's theory of gravita-
tion - that would be exciting." 

Burbidge recalls her work at 
Cal Tech most fondly . Hermain 
study dealt with the theory of 
the origins of chemical 
elements, where she explained . 

"You can build all of them in 
interiors of tar . You and I and 
everything in this room are 
made of atom and molecules 
that were once in ide a tar. 
You could say we ' re all pieces 
of sta rdust. .. 

Tired of Rising Rents? 
~~~~~ 

Help stop unjustified ren.t 
increases in San Diego. Sign the 

RENT CONTROL 
INITIATIVE 

in front of the student boc.kstore 
tomorrow, Tues., June 6. 

Sponsored by San Diego Housing Coalition & UR 0 



trttan times 

Med . student Gary Nitti 
runs for 1980 Olympics 

. by J'lQ Halperin 
There is a growing concern among 

medical faculty that the average pre-
medical and medical student is 
devoting less and less time to the 
development of his or her physical 
education. With fierce competition for 
the comparatively few spots in the 
nation's medical schools, students are 
"hitting the books" at a rate thatleaves 
little or no time for recreation, let alone 
plain phy~.ical exercise. 

Gary Nitti, a second year medical 
student at UCSD,is an exception. A 
former All-American distance runner 
from UCLA, Nitti still lo~s 100 miles a 
week in addition to carrymg a full load 
of medical studies. 

"I have to balance my school work 
with workouts," explained Nitti of the 
grueling schedule. "You have to give up 
something. I have basically given up 
my social life." 

Nitti lives by the adage that if you 
really want to do something you can do 
it. As an example, Nitti cited the 
numerous doctors who told him that it 
would be impossible to run and compete 
while he was enrolled in medical school. 

"All but one of the doctors I talked to 
before entering medical school said 
there was no way 1 could train like I did 
at UCLA and keep up with my medical 
studies," said Nitti. " The one doctor 
said 1 would have no trouble if 1 really 
wanted to do it." 

••••• 

Gary Nitti started running competi-
tively while a freshman at Saint Monica 
High School in Santa Monica . As a 
senior, his times were impressive (9: 28 
in the two-mile and 4: 16 in the mile) yet 
he did not receive any scholarship 
offers of note. He enrolled at UCLA in 
the fall of 1972, joining the track and 
cross country teams as a walk-on. 

" I had stnip throat as a enior in high 
school , which later developed into 
mononucleosis. Consequently, I just 
barely lettered in )rack and cr.oss 
country my freshman year," he saId . 

As a sophomore, Nitti had a superb 
season that convinced UCLA 's cross 

country team and was an instrumental 
member of the Bruins undefeated 
national championship track squad. 

As a junior, Nitti had his best season 
ever. In addition to carrying sixteen 
units of science classes, a quarter and 
working 12 hours a week in a 
biochemICal laboratory, the Santa 
Monica native ran an 8: 50 two mile and 

-a 13:40 three mile. He was also second 
man on the Bruin cross country team. 

It was during his junior year that Nitti 
had his best race as a collegiar •. In one of 
the earlier meets that season, the highly 
touted Bruins faced a very strong 
Tennessee team. The outcome was a 
tossup, and many UCLA faithfuls 
feared that the Bruins would lose their 
first dual meet in over two years . 

Nitti was scheduled to run the three 
mile against Bob Addison of Tennessee, 
who finished second in the NCAA later 
that year. As the meet pro~ressed, it 
became clear that the Bruin s hopes of 
winning the meet would fall squarely on 
Nitti's shoulders. UCLA needed an 
upset victory in the three mile to offset 
an almost sure win by the Volunteers in 
the mile relay. Nitti did not disappoint 
the home crowd or the TV audience. He 
ran a personal best of 13: 40 to edge 
Addison by a foot and keep UCLA's win 
streak alive. 

" I always responded well under 
pressure," Nitti said. " There were 
about four or five meets in which I 
scored the winning points, or scored 
points when I shouldn't have scored at 
all. " 

As a senior, itti cut back on his 
academic load and concentrated more 
on running. The extra training paid off 
as Nitti was ranked second in the state 
in cross country. Nitti and teammate 
Bob Thomas were the only two 
Californians to qualify for NCAA cross 
country championships that year. 

Nitti 's final track season ended on a 
sour note as the Bruins 30-meet win 
streak was snapped by arch-rival USC. 
It was the first dual meet loss suffered 
by the Bruins 'in over five years . 

Medical school impo es time limit 
As a first year medical school student 

Summer PE classes offered 
The Recreation Office of the skiing classes to be held at Mission 

Physical Education Department will Bay Aquatic Center . 
be offering various summer 
activities for adults and children. Sign-ups are now being taken for 
The adult special activity clubs will summer intramurals (softball , sand 
consist of ba 11 room dance , belly volleyball , team tennis and golf), and 
dance, conditioning workshop, ice there will be an assortment of special 
skating, jazz dance, racquetball and events cheduled throughout the 
tennis . The noon conditioning club summer. 
will still be meeting Monday through To participate in these activities, 
Thursday, 12:1 pm in the Wrestling or simply to use the Physical 
Room , free of charge to all Education facilities , everyone 
Recreation Card holders . (including C students) must 

purchase a Recreation Privilege 
Children ' s classes will include Card . Thecardsmaybepurcha edin 

gymnastics , horseback riding , the Re c reation Office Monday 
soccer, tennis and swimming. There through Friday, 8 am to 4: 30 pm, 
will also be sailing , surfing and water starting Monday, June 12 . 

--------------~----~------------~ 

Gary Nitti, second year med st.dent 
1980 Olympic •. 

at UCSD, Nitti had a new time schedule 
to work around. With 32 hours of cla'ss 
and 25 hours of studying a week, Nitti 
still managed to run twice a day , 
approaching 100 miles a week 
consistently . In addition, he would go to 
UCLA twice a week to work with his new 
team, the Santa Monica Track Club. 

In that year, Nitti travelled more. than 
most of his professors . He made trIPS to 
Oregon , Kansas , Philadelphia and 
Houston. all to compete under the 
sponsorship of the SMTC. In fact, with 
Nitti as a pivotal member, the SMTC 
finished fifth in the AA U cross country 
championships in 1976. 

How did the medical school faculty 
look upon Nitti 's training and racing? 

" The chool has been very helpful, 
answered itti. " There ha e been 
arrangements made so that I can 
accommodate the school work to my 
schedule . 

" A good partofthefacultyi awareof 
my situation, and cons . quently feel that 
it is a good reflectIOn on UCSD's 
medical pJOgram," he added. 

This year, Nitti has continued to train 
at his usual torid pace. Three weeks 
ago, he placed third in the 5,000 meters 
at the highly touted West Coast Relays . 
Other new additions to his trophy case 
have been a first place in the Mission 
Bay half marathon, a fifth place in the 
Bay-to -Breakers race (over 6,000 
entries) and a first place in UCSD 's own 
turkey trot. 

As for the future , Nitti summed it up it 
one word - OLYMPICS. " It is going to 
be tougher now that 1 will be on rotating 
clerksbips in the hospital ," Nittik 
explained, " but I thin k the school 
(UCSD) and I can come to some kInd of 
arran ement." 

UC Davis Summer RADUATING SENIORS 

Monday, ....... I, 1.78 

at UCSD .... h •• ight. llet on the 

Nitti figures he has one and a half 
years in which to ready himself for the 
1980 Olympic Trials (to be held in Spring 
1980) . He must run a 13: 45 in the 5,000 
meters to qualify for the trials, and feels 
that if his training holds steady , he 
should be able to have off 18-20 seconds 
from his previous best 5,000 meter time. 

As for his academic future , Nitti 
. wants to go into internal medicine or 
othopedics. He stressed that he would 
like to specialize in an athletic facet of 
medica l ca re. 

When one steps back and looks at 
what Gary Nitti has accomplished in his 
23 year existence, one can only be 
impressed . In addition to competing at 
near world class level in trackand field , 
he ha ucceeded academically by 
being chosen as a medical student in a 
highfy ranked medical school. Of no 
small coincidence, itti 's class of 1980 
includes a number of exceptional 
former collegiate athletes: an All -
American water polo player from 
Stanford , a starting lineman from' 
Columbia's footbal1 team, a number of 
highly ranked tennis players and a star 
basketball player from Tennessee 
State: a\1 who continue to keep their 
physical conditioni ng in addition to 
their medical studies. 

The trend may not be c lea r cut, but is 
possible that Gary Nitti is a harbingerof 
a new wave of medical school 
applicants. There is evidence that the 
well conditioned scholar-athlete may 
have a distinct advantage over his 
book worming contemporaries - a 
stronger threshold to better handle the 
stressful , physically draining demands 
that a re put upon toda 's doctors in the 
medical profe sion. 

Wilderness Treks 
These three" 1 O-day treks, designed for teachers, 
naturalists lnd students, offer opportunities to 
experience ~he rewards of wilderness travel, 
study geolc,gy and the ecological communities 
of the area, scientifically examine the plant and 
animal po~'ul~tion and appreciate -wilderness 
living and conservation . 

The only thing standing between the career you want Itthe place 
you wlnt It -ls1500 olherpeople. Unlled with over 200 locatIons 
coa.t 10 coa.t could help make the difference. 

TRINITY ALPS WILDNERNESS AREA, 
Northwestern California; 10 days; 5 Quarter units of 
extension credit ; 225$ (includes meals and hotel 
accommodati.:>ns on last night). 
Trek I - July 8-July 18, 1978 
Trek II - July 24-Aug. 3, 1978 
QUETICO PROVINCIAL PARK, South-
western Ontario; 10 days; 5 quarter units of extension 
credit; 300$ (includes meals and hotel accommodations 
on first and last nights) 
Trek III - Aug 13-Aug 23, 1978 
For mort In'ormlllon, phon. Un, .. "II, Ell.ntlon ., 9111-152-3OQ8, Dollie GIl ••. 

Call Ken 

~ 
UNITED PERSONNEL 

3511 CamIno del RIo South, Suite 300 
San DIego, CA 92106 (714) 280-8803 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~GU==~~~ 

PRECISION CunlNG 
SKINCARE 

.IULUET MANICURING 

A complete 
Hedkea Saloa 

3251 Holiday Ct. 
Right by , 

La Jolla Village Ina 
c 455-0680 ~. __ :JJt 

Monday, June 5, 1971 triton times 

ernate TOR Ten II 
X-Ray Spex hits no. 1 spot 
bv Mikel Toombs 

Last month 's Alternate' Top 
Ten where I listed ' some note~orthY non-hits 45s of l~te , 
was so successful that I ve 
brought it back for one more 
shot. One selection last time 
("Wild Dub" by Generation X) 
graduated (so to speak! t,o a 
certain other top ten lIstIng, 
though it was no . two on that 
one and only no. 6 on mine. The 
Alternate Top Ten II, as you 
would expect from a sequel, is 
decidely inferior to the original , 
but at least it still has just seven 
songs on it. 

the word up in my roommate' . 
dictionary - it means " keenly 
discerning or understanding" 
- I see Dan's point. This song is 
not from that record, but it is 
nonetheless a fine outlet for 
Elvis' sometimes repressed 
hostility and,. yes, his perspi-
cacity. 

3) Tom Petty - "No Second 
Thoughts" (Shelter). If Tom & 
his Heartbreakers ever decide 
to become the Rolling Stones 
type band Ted Burke alluded to 
in an allusion t omething I 
was alluding to , this song would 
definitely be in their repertoire. 

" " No Second Thoughts" has its 
1) X-Ray Spex - The,?ay roots in the Stones ' Beggars 

the World Turned Day~Glo (~- Banquet , specifically " Factory 
Ray Spex) . As prom~sed, thiS Girl." (I'm cheating here , since 
one's about pl.astlc . Poly . this hasn't been released as a 
Styrene has wrItten. an~ther ingle and probably never will 
unusual but. p~rsplcaclous be . For even more questionable 
comment on lIfe m the Modern behavior see no. 6 below.) 
World . If you can get past 4) Paul Jone~ _ "Pretty 
Poly's untamed vocals (the Vacant" (RSO). Somebody 
be~t pa~t, really) , you might had to do it and somebody just 
enJoy thl.s record a lot;, , did . I was hoping for Shaun 

2) ElVIS Costello - I Don, ~ Cassidy but this Jones fellow Want to go to Chelsea . , (Radar) . In reviewing Elvis' w~1l d~ . He ~ translated the ~ex 
new album our very own Dan PIstol s strIdent anthem mto 
Tena referred to him as the truly vacant lang':lage of 
" perspicacious", which !found M 0 R , com pIe t e WIt han 
hard to accept. After looking orchestra and a perfect Tom 

. 

Scott-ish sax break (and on the 
Bee Gees ' record label , no 
less). As, a joke it ' s pretty 
funny ; as a sociomusical 
comment it' pretty, well 
perspicacious. 

5) Debby Boone - "Califor-
nia " (Curb) . Debby Boone is 
pretty vacant and she don ' t 
care. This s lice of teenpop is no 
"Y ou Light Up My Life " 
(whew!) but it has some great 
SoCal lines like "it's another 
surfing day" and " the laidback 
way of living makes you feel all 
kinds of good" - delivered in 
Debby 's ultrascrious yet 
ingratiating style. 

6a) Kristy & Jimmy Mc-
Nichol - " He ' s So Fine " 
(RCA),. More teenpop. 15-year-
old Kristy is notable because 
she's a fine actres , featured in 
Burt Reynold 's latest film 
(Burt seems to have a better 
eye for good actresses than 
good scripts . ) 1.6-year-old 
Jimmy is notable because he 
looks like his sister . Kristy 
sings on " He's So Fine ", 
proving that talent is not 
necessarily all-inclusive . Cute 
but bad. 

6b) Jane Olivor - " He 's So 

Fine " (Columbia). With yet 
another version of the Chiffons 
hit, Jane Olivor proves you 
don' t have to be a teenager to 
convey the quality of inno-
cence. Cute and good . 

7) Blondie - " I'm on E " 
(Chrysali ) . This is the flipside 

to " Denis", last month's no. 5. 
Debbie Ha rry is as old as Kristy 
& Jimmy put together but she 
si ngs this self-penned song with 
more charm than the Mc-

ichols and Jane Olivor 
combined . Beyond cute, 
beyond good, this is wonderful. 

SD Symphony plans fireworks 
The San Diego Symphony Orchestra nas scheduled special 

fireworks spectaculars at San Diego State 's Aztec Bowl before ~nd 
after its " Summer of Stars" series. On Tuesday, July 4th, flve-
time Oscar Award winner John Green will guest-conduct the 
orchestra in a holiday program highlighted by blazing fireworks , 
rockets, explosions and booming cannon and mortar! 

On August 25th, also using fireworks, famed ~ndre ~ostel~ne~ 
will conduct the orchestra in a special celebratIOn of AmerIca 10 
Finest City" Week in San Diego. 

Between these special-event fireworks spectacular~ the 
Symphony will present its " Summer of Stars" out~oors series of 
concerts at San Diego State University ' s Open Air Theatre on 
Friday nights at 8: 00 pm and on the UCSD campus on Sunday 
evenings at 5: 30 pm. , 

Under the direction of Associate Conductor Charles Ketcham, 
the symphony will present a variety of guest artists in the seven 
concert series at each location. . 

"Summer of Stars" begins the weekend of July 7-9 With the 
appearance of one of America 's leading lady of jazz a nd popular 
vocals, Sarah Vaughan . On July 14-16, Denmark's V~ctor Bor~e 
will fill your evenings with his special ~r~nd .of mIrth . SergIo 
Mendes and Brasil '77 will present the scmWlatmg sounds of the 
bossa nova beat on July 21-23 . 

John Green will return to the piano and podium July 28-3~ to 
conduct his own hits , other film favorites and even a fe~ cla~slcs. 
The incomparable jazz piano styling of George Sheanng WIll be 
featured on August 4th for one ~rfor":lance ~nly at SDS . On 
August 6th " sing-a-long" faVOrIte. MItch M~ller, along ,With 
talented pianist Paul Schenley. WIll ntertam on the UCSD 
campus. . C 11 t Songstress, actress and TV personality Dlaha~n ~rro ges s 
with the orchestra on August 11-13 and the sene~ .wlll c1o~e on 
August 18-20 with a special appearance of cele~rateo mternatlOnal 
opera stars, Louise Russell and Robert Mernll. . 

A separate guest artist series in Rancho. B,ernar~o wlll .feature: 
Sarah Vaughan, Sergio Mendes and BraZil 77 , Mitch Miller and 
Andre Ko telanetz . " 

The Queen of Disco herself, Donna Summer, will perfo~ in concert at 
in San Diego on June 15. The concert wUl be recorded bye for her new 

Tickets for the San Diego Symphony's "Summer of Stars are 
now available at special season discount prices . T.hey may ?e 
charged to major credit cards or re erved by making a pa~tal 
payment. Brochures and information can be obtained by phomng 
the Symphony Office at 239-9721. 

1776: 1~ENA-N r s DEPCS/TS RIPPED OFF' 
! T LAND1/.JflDS. Fi.ght NC~ I "1ic!V'f3,..t1>U:Wtll" diJpaeits, ct"an1.11g il 
1' .. ". arll !.sgaU!I refu>!dabtll des"ite teau 01' l.and/.ord b. e. ., t 

~MALLC[AIMS COURl. spedal RENT-WITHHOLDING tactics in thor- .t. ,. 
(;ugn lO,OOO-word bookLet "EVERYTHING CALIF. lENAlITS NEED TO " ~ 

~NOW ABOUT GETIING BACK lHE IR DEPOSITS." Send $2.00 to: 
RE:NT & RAVE: PRE:SS, 1625 Catifomia, Houlltain Vieu, CA 94041. ~ 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • I • • • • • • • • • • 

Performing Live at: 

THE OUTBACK CAFE 
711 Warren Campus 

Wednesday, May 31 Special Event: 
The Elisun Young Duo 

Wednesday, June 7 Sam Hinton 

Both shows Ire free Ind begin It 8:30 pm. 
Telephone: 452-4581 (dIYs) or 452-3092 
(evenings) for more Info. 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

Have you ever had a 
summer job that didn't 
give you an opportunity 
to earn as much money 
as you would like to 
earn? 

We can change 
thatl 

Interviews held 
Can 459-4396 
for appro 

Taxation Without Representation, Tyranny 
1976: 

Taxation With Representation, Tyranny 

Vote YES on 
Proposition 13 

ludenlS ror Proposition 13 

Summer JobS 

- ... 

SOUTHWESTERN 



ii~" June 5, 1e11 

hat's On: 6/5-6/11 
~ Weekly Guide to On Campus Events 
~M d t t issues. Location: Muir Apts . Lounge, I,..;; .... ..,; on a~ JIitI,., •• illii ~ 3-4 pm: The Classical Studies Program Presents a Symposium on Women in An ien , Greece. Froma Zeitlin, Helena Foley. Panel on "Worn n in Antiquity: Work in Progre ." 

Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Announcement: The sixth Arts Project Competition . Sponsored by the Intercampus 
ultural Exchange Committee. Entries are being accepted now, deadline i October 15, 

1978 . A competition for student compo ers open to all University of California student and 
recent graduates. Information brochures are obtainable at the Student Center (limited 
amount) or write to Travis Bogard, Chairman, for the Inte rcampus Cultural Exchange 

ommittee, Berkeley. California 94720. 
Ongoing - Collection of food , clothing, books and rummage to support service worker 

rganizing drive . Collection drive will run through June 17. Locations: Married Student 
Housing, Reve lle Community Center. 

6-7 am Monday-Friday: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for si lem sitting 
meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired . Ca ll 755-5995 for information. Location: 
,zen Meditation oCfice, Student Center. -

9 amoS pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. 1254 
HL. Fre . . 

Open 10-:; Monday-Friday: Page One is the fist place to turn to for info and rap. Located 10 
4 Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

10 am-6 pm: Photogra phic Documentary of Day Care it-in in Chancellor McElroy 's 
Office. East Conference Room, Student Center . 

12 noon-I pm Monday-Friday: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided. if desired . Call 755-5995 for information. 
Location: Zen Meditation office, Student Center. 

12-4 pm: Biology-Chemi try Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for lowerdivision biology 
and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Revelle: What Can Your Humanities or Social Sciences Major Do For 
You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career Advisor will be availab le to discu option 
Please call 452-3490. Revelle Provost Office. 

3-6 pm: The Classical StUdies Program Presents a Symposium on Women in Ancient 
Greece. Froma Zeitlin, Dept. of Classics, Princeton University: " Eros and Politics in the 

tuppliants of Aeschylus": and Helena Foley, Dept. of Classics, Stanford niversity: 
"Reverse Similes and Sex Roles in the Odyssey" . Revelle Formal Lounge. 

4-6 pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Class. Contact Physical Education Office for info 
- 452-4032. Location: South Balcony of the Main Gym . 

6-12 midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. We' re "hear';" to listen. Muir 
Commons. 

6: 30 pm: Potluck Dinner sponsored by the Predent Club in the Student Center orth 
Conference Room. 

Open 7-10 pm Sunday-Thursday: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 
Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167 . 

7: 30 pm: AMAS meeting: All health oriented individuals invited. Meeting about student 
run research, lectures Hod newsletter for next year. East Conference Room, Student 
Center. 

8 pm·IO pm: Teach In - discussion on Proposition 13 with speakers from various groups . 
LH 104. Free. Sponsored by Political Education Group. 
8 pm-12 midnight: Israeli Folk Dance Seminar - gue t lecturer and demonstrator. 

horeographer Sholmo Bach$lr. Revelle Cafeteria . Free. Sponsored by Recreational 
thletics. 
8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students which 

Hers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshment . and activi ti es that encourage 
interaction. Telephone: 452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 

ampus. Free. 

uesday+-+ 
9 amoS pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appointment call 452-2522. 1254 

HL. Free. 
10 am-3 pm: Tired of Rising Rent? Help stop unjustified rent increases in San Diego . Sign 

the Rent Control Initiative in front of the student bookstore today 6/6178 . Sponsored by San 
Diego Housing Coalition and URSSO . Location: Bookstore. 

10 am-6 pm: Photographic Documentary of Day Care sit-in in Chancellor McElroy's 
Office. East "conference Room, Student Center. . 

12 noon-I pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational discussion; all must 
attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. necessary, located in conference room at 
Student Health Center . 

12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for lower division biology 
and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: What Can Vou Do With Your Major? An informal discussion with 
Math, Engineering and Physical Sciences advisor Maxine Bailey about various career 
issues. Call 452-4390. Third Provost Office. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What Can Your HumanitiesorSocial Sciences Major Do ForYou? 
Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career Advisor will be available to discuss options. Please call 
452-3587. Muir Apts. Lounge. 

3-6 pm: The Classical Studies Program Presents a Symposium on Women in Ancient 
Greece. Ed Lee, Dept. of Philosophy, UCSD: '''The Nurse and Mother of Becoming': 
Feminine Imagery in Plato's Creation Myth"; and Froma Zeitlin, Princeton University: 
" Is Anatomy Destiny?" Revelle Formal Lounge. 

4 pm: Chemical Physics Seminar - Professor A. Pines. Topic: TBA. 2622 Undergraduate 
Sciences Building. Host: Robert Void, x4880. Postseminar refreshments - Urey Room. 

6 pm: Women's Center general meeting. Come and meet some interesting people. New 
members always welcome. Women's Center, Student Center Complex. 

6-12 midnigbt: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. We' re " hear" to listen. Muir 
Commons. 

7-9: 30 pm: Film: " War of the Monios", analysis of events ofthe government in Chile (last 
year' s) . Mandeville Auditorium. Free. Sponsored by Chile Democratico. 

8 pm: Atomic Cafe - forum for compo ers and performers. Recital Hall. 
8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students which 

Qffers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments, and activities that encourage 
interaction. Telephone: 452-3092 {evenings) for updated program information. 7LL Warren 
Campus. Free. 

8: 30 pm and 10: 30 pm: Ramsey Lewi in concert. Two shows. Ticket price is $6.50 in 
advance , $7.50 at the door . Cp,tamaran Hotel. . 

~lVednesda~ 
9 amoS pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course·papers. For appomlment call 452-2522. 1254 

HL. Free. 
10-\1 a m or 11 am-12 noon: What Can You Do With Your Major? An informal discussion 

with Math , Engln'tering c:ld Phy~irAI Sden s advisor Maxine Bailey about varius career 
issues . Location: (;areer Planning and Placement. BIoI!!. D. Student enter ComDlex . 

12 noon: AMES 2rk , Seminar NO. 4, Film Series. Film: " Research in theAtmos phere." 
7104 Urey Hall . F ·ee. 

Noon: UCSD S nile Parents Group meets Wednesday from noon to I pm in Revelle 
Informal Lounge 10 discuss topics such as " 38 going on 17", sexuality. children in tran ition , 
letting go of the pa the dating game and single parenting. Bring a sack lunch andjo!n the 
interaction. All faculty, staff, students and community ingle parents are welcome. 

1% noon: CSU meeting: will elect officers and appoi nt steering committee . All majors 
ncouraged to attend. MCC 133. ' 
12 noon-I pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational di cussion; all must 

attend to receive birth control exam . 0 appt. necessary , located jn conference room, at 
Student Health Center. 

IZ-4 pm: Biology hemistry Clinic - Free walk·in tutoring help for lowerdivi ion biology 
and ch mistry cour es . SB 4010. 

%-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Wa rren: What an Your Humaniti s or Social Sciences Major Do For 
YDU ? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career Advisor will be available to discus option . 
Location: Warren Provo t Office. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What an You Do With Your Major? An informal dis u sion with 
Math , Engin ring and Physical ci nc s dvisor Maxin Bailey about various ca reer 

.. pm: UCSD New Poetry Series Reading: Open Reading - anyone may read. Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 

4-4 pm: Disabled Students Gymnastic Class. Contact Physical Education Offic for info -
452-4032. Location: South Balcony of the Main Gym . 

6 pm: Bicycle Maintenance Class. F'ree. Fix your own wheels. gears . brakes, etc. Bike 
Shop, the Student Center. 

6-' pm: Very Important SSAS Awards meeting. All member of Students for Supportive 
Allopathic Study are welcome. Student Cent I' Lounge Conference Room . Free. 

6 pm-12 midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. We' re "h aI''' to listen. Muir 
Commons. 

7 pm: Do you like to read? If you were given a book which contains the actual account of a 
group of Jews who left Jerusalem 600 years Be. came to America. and became a gre3tan 
mighty people here on this continent. would you read it? The book is the Book of Mormon and 
you can learn more about it by coming to the LOS Institute class . Location: a t the little white 
house across from Tenaya Hall. 

7: 30 pm: Musical film from China "The Spring" which features the performances by the 
best musicians, dancers and singers in China today. It is one of the best artistic productions 
in China. Refreshments will be served. Sponsored by UCSD Chinese St4dent Associaiton . 
Mandevelle Auditorium , $1.50. Tickets available at UCSD Ticket Office. 

8 pm: Movie on Chilean Prisoners in Concentration Camps. Location: Chicano Studie . 
8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe i a comfortable gathering place for students which 

offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments . and activities that encourage 
interaction. Telephone: 452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information . 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

8: 30-)0: 30 pm: Sam Hinton live at the Outback Cafe. 711 Warren College. Free. 

~hursda 
9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appointment ca ll 452-2522. 12 

HL. Free. 
10-11 am or 11 am-12 noon Warren: What Can You Do With Your Major? An informa 

discussion with Math. Engineering and Phy ical Sciences advisor Maxine Bailey abou 
various career issues . Warren Provost Office. 

Noon : CME Colloquium: Wlodzimierz Kotonski will speak on electronic music 
compositions/ developments at the Wa rsaw Conservatory. 408 Warren College. Free. 

12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Freewalk-in tutoring help for lower division biology 
and chemistry courses. USB 4010. 

Z-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: What Can Your Humanities or Social Science Major Do F.D 
You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career Advisor will be ava ilable to discuss options . 
Please call 452-4390. Location: Bldg . 412 , Room 13. 

G pm: Asian American Student Alliance (AASA) Potluck Dinner: Final meeting and 
goodbye for the summer party. We will reminisce this last year's event and ma ke plans for 
the next. Everyone welcome (old and new members) . 4th floor Bla ke Hall Lounge. Revelle . 

6 pm: Advanced Bicycle Maintenance Class. For the slightly skilled bike rider/ mechanic 
- fix your own bike. Bike Shop, the Student Center. Free. 

6-9 pm: .Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for lower division biology 
and chemIstry courses. USB 4010. 

6 pm-1Z midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. We 're " hear" to listen. Muir 
Commons. 

7 pm: Surf Club meeting. APM 2250. 
8 pm: Chamber Music 1301131 directed by Bertram Turetzky. Recital Hall . 
8 pm: Film: " Bottle Babies" concerning estle's involvement in Third World countries. 

HL 1402. Free. Donations accepted . Spon ored by CaIPIRG. 
8-12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place for students which 

offers nightly entertainment, a variety of refreshments , and activities that encourage 
interaction. Phone: 452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information . 71 1 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

~Friday~ 
9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with cour e papers . For appointment call 45l!-l!522. 1254 

HL. Free. 
10-11 am or II am-12 noon Revelle: What Can You Do With Your Major? An informal 

discussion with Math . Engineering a nd Physiclll Sciences advisor Maxine Bailey abou 
various career issues. Location: Revelle Provost Office. 

12-4 pm: Biology-Chemistry Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring helpforlowerdivision biolog 
a nd chemistry courses. USB 4010. 

1-4 pm; " Rosie and the Screamers" at the T.G.LO. Bash (Thank God It's Over Bash) 
sponsored by University Events and the Associated Students. Pizza, popcorn and Fr 
Light and Da rk refreshments. Muir Field . 

4-6 pm: Disabled Students Gymnastics Class. Contact Physical Education Office for inf 
- 452-4032 . Location: South Balcony of the Main Gym . 

S pm-12 midnight: Need a quiet, supportive place to study on Friday nights" Students fo 
Supportive Allopathic Study (SSAS) will open Garren Auditorium, BSB 1105 , to all UCS 
students as a study hall on Fridays from 5 pm-12 midnight. All are welcome . 8SB 1105. 

6 pm-12 midnight: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455. We 're " hear" to lis ten. Mui 
Commons. 

~Saturda 
:; pm: Cat~ol~c Mass. Univer~ity- ommunity Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
S pm- I~ mldmght: Need a qUIet pl ace to study Saturday night? Students for Supportive 

Altopathlc Study . a student organization open to all CSD students , will open Garren 
AudItOrium ~S~ 1105 as a study hall on Saturday nights . All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

6 pm-12 mldmght: FOCUS: Student Helpline - 452-4455 We're "hear" to listen Muir Commons. '. 

~Sunday~~ 
8: 30 am: atholic Mass . Univer ity-Community Church . 
10 am: Lutheran ~olk Mass. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive 
10: 30 am: Catholic Mass . University-Community Church. 
12: 03 pm: Epi copal Eucharist. University-Community Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr 
I pm: Center for Psychological Revolution . Introductory video-discussion programs on 

new way to org.anite liCe. 1529 Homblend Street, Pacific Beach . 273-4673. Free. 
s pm: Ca~hohc Mass. University-Community Church. 
6-9 pm: .Blology-Ch mi try Clinic - Free walk-in tutoring help for lower division biolog 

and chemls~ry cour es . USB 4010. • 
6 pm-12 midnilht: FO US: Stud nt Helpline - 452-4455. We're " hear" to Ii ten. Mui 

Common . 
Open 7-10 pm: Page ~ne is the first place to turn to for info and rap. Located in Mui 
ommon . next to 5 & DIme. Phon : 452-2167. 
8 pm-I.2 midnight: The Outback . ~ I a comforta ble gathering place for lud('nt. whjr 

?ffer mghtly nt rtainment, a variety of rcfreshm nt . and activitit!s that encoul'lli 
IDtera tion . Tel phone: 452-3092 (evening) for updated program information. 711 Warre 

ampus . Fr e. 

*------------------------------------------~ 

Mond8" June 5,1171 triton times Peoe 7 
------------------------------------------~--

Coca,ine shortage hits US morphin , alcohol and syrup given orally to dying cancer patient s to relieve their agonizing pain. 
" For about the last six 

months there ha s been a 
significant in rease in dema nd 
Cor cocaine, both for surgical 
u e and in Brompton 's cock-
tails ," said a spokesman for 
Stepa n hemical of Maywood, 
N.J ., the only US compa ny 
licensed to extract cocai ne 
from raw, imported coca 
leaves . 

" The upward usage of 
cocaine at that time," he noted , 
" left us without a n inventory . 
We have ince added another 
manufact uring procedure 
which has increa ed our output 
30 to 40 percent. " 

by Mark Shwar~z 
Pacific News Service 

Hospitals and pharmacies 
throughout the United States 
are reporting a serious 
shortage of cocaine - one of the 
most effective pain-relievers 
known to medicine. 

While vast quantities of the 
drug are readily available on 
the black market , many 
physicians and dentists are 
having to wait weeks to obtain 
legal prescriptions of cocaine 
Cor patients who need it. 

"There has been a shortage 
over Lhe past year, " said 

• • • • • 

for sale· 
MesOj t'OnlraCl for salt' ('u lJ . Sue 452 9193 161$) 
Zeph}r liurrbo;;rd l' hco.lp O· ~l' .. 1 sprtngSUlllOO 755 
7i1J3 161 ~' 
3/8" dlvllli ~ttSUII for 5O.1Ie t ;J(ccllenl ('OnOI1l0n 

Ladll.~ nwd ormen'J mall $45 Ca IlJllna1270·2513 
t~:~e) Ie 1'A' ln bt-d'IHJlrCSS spflnp , rr~me--e"cll1 
lo nd S2 ~ CJII i7' -$0178 cdt er 6 pm (tt/7, 
Scuba I ..... d'es brand ne\\ wet "ull ne\'t'"r been worn 
$20 00 C.II 452-1879 (615) 
1970 Plymouth . PH. PS a utomatic M radiO orne 
make offer Ja'A'ad 453..52&& (615) 
Summt'r speCial· urlbwrd 7 .. &h~ booed b..t& 
leJsh 2. finS , ' 75-15. call \\- urren at 4367116 16151 
lin 8a wvus Moped Coodoond lhun,gre ... l ummer 
Ir~nsportaUon Lea\ Ini Slate - mu I sell l S2SQ . Call 
4S3·77+1 (' 19) 
1977 TOYOl3 Corolla 2 dr. 4.SOO mls - Ilk. new. S2900 
or bPslolfe r IWeureledvmg US) T ... n-4501-6726 16/ "1 

services 
SUmmermUJiI(,? "M .., Iu Il!ilnl)t UHlihtbh.' (or 
1{"s.50n (theory. (T e dl \ ' l' pr~es!li . chords ulsol-455 
1717 1619) 

IJ.on 'l have lime to type up )'our ttwse5 o r te rm 
p<:jpers" Call Betty DuboiS ' office' 560·3 139 Home 
lru:o~ . mdde rubber stamps. Personalize your 
sL.! lIOnary Mnke yourownbook platesUfor Jllilmp 
.. S2.971i11 1619\ 

TYPING' IBM ~lcC1rlc term r:. .. ' Ni thcSC1i PhU 
dl rI.,i008. ed".oxs.IU·SII JOB' .~·0656 . 560-
",71 2116-4931l 4~1· ) 'i3.! 161 • 
T) plllJl e . .,.:ru! 11"'ef1. rehuble rea~\3Dle 111M 
('urn'\.ung Sell tr . ~· t"~IJI LIn}lInlC 455-G 127. Mrs 
Ulds Ib'~fI 
• NEED A TYPIST" ReslOnuble rates. expenenced. 
Call al ler 12 ' 30 Ku hle 27, 9299 . (8 19 ' 
ProfuslOnal Typinl Reasonable Ho:.tes IBM 
orredmg Selet.1nc Call for Free Estlm,ate G .. n 

4.1 ·7540 ~"' I 
~HOrESS I ONAI. TYPING . r.a,onabl. "" •• 
\ IIIJ~" ~(.'. ~ I nltt 1:!05 l"I·~JJe(."l no 250 Lu J oll~1 
i;-+,ci.1Iti I T~AI 

Typing - Manlyn would like to fulfill you r tYPing 
need. - expon. rea llOnable. hat IBM Coli 210-'121. 
(619) 

travel 
CIEE announce. new . oJpprovtid ONE ·WAY 
CHARTERS! Conlirmedseats can ROW be booked to 
Paris . Amsterdll m. Zurich! Pri('f'S btolm at $245 
from S.!" francisco /Los Angele , $1" rr"Om New 
Yo rk Flying round· triP the price I . s down when 
you l"omblne any two CIEE rhahl.l thai luil your 
schedule' Selecl your own route' Come aet' OJ: at 
CI EE tudent Truel Services U 0 tudent 
Cen'.r 8-02.1 La JOlla. CII In093 1"/14) 45:_. Opon 
w .. kdays Irom 11-3. ITBII) 

wantea 
Ea rn S·men . 21 ·50, needed for psychol ollca l 
expermlents in La Jolla. Please call 452-475ft ' cav~ 
name (6' 9 ) 

I II' 01. un t: neeo of a Mesa Summer Contract Will 
pay extra , Call Chuck t~' 17se (6 / 9) 

Need p.J~tn&er lodrl\oe ba('k to 'hlciliO& ShiJrf 1".1 
KoJS It driVing rtcr finals Citl! US,J 45S-9678 (In) 

Wantt.>d. Mu.sLung motorscooter. Need not run 26J 
35114 1615) 

SUMMER 
JOBS 

FULL TIME 
PLENTY OF WORK 

PHONE 
714-275-2663 

Michael Stolar or the American 
Society oC Hospital Pharma-
cies , a Washington , D .C.-based 
organization that represents 
thousands of pharmacists and 
monitors drug supplies in over 
100 US hospitals . 

" Pharmacists want to know 
why. they can go to the street 
and get cocaine, but they can't 
get it from their wholesale 
distributor," Stolar said. 

The American Pharmaceuti-
cal Association in Washington 
reports similar complaints 
from around the country . 

Because cocaine is consi-

dered one of the most hea.vily 
abused drugs in th US, the 

Dru~ EnC9rc~ment ~dminis­
tratlOn mamta ms a strIct quota 
on the amount that can be 
manuCactured here . 

And although legitimate 
supplies of the white powder 
are running low , the federal 
government ha no plans to 
increase its cocaine quota for 
the coming year . 

One rea on for the drought, 
according to Stolar, is the 
sudden popularity of " Bromp-
ton 's Cocktail" - a medicinally 
prescribed mixture of cocaine, 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • Classifieds 
• • • • • • • • 

Subject (or bra in wave u pu. at Medical School 
ma lel , flght ·hunded . S2 50Ihr Debbie x4266 orOO46 
BSB 1619 . 

PRO RAMMF: RS cnlor Coder wdnted to help 
\4lth millhemotu:al moodlng duta lInalysis a l 
Scrqip S~l~ t he ~ EO bull et in buard 

housing 
Oesperate' Need .m a pt to rent ror the summer 
June 17. AuIUJ{ 2S in P B Del Mar. La Jolla or 
North ount) Call Carol)" 755· 1798 between 1·9 30 
pm 1615) 
Roommate .. anted for summer Male. own room . 
Playmor Sl271mo nlh &: ulilitlt1. Call4S2·7553 16JS) 

Co nd omlln ium OJvitllable lor li umme r lease . 
S'l80/ month; 4bcd . 2 bath . lurmshed . .... Ilh pool Near 
UCSD Call Oona . 1 452-7.71 Iweekd.ys aller 5). 
('/ 9, 

For Rent. Own room 111 SoIJna Beach condo June 9 
'0 July 20 lifO Included. II~ . Ca ll 411·1173 !6I91 
Female roomm.Jle Il~ for ummer SIlS/ rno 
Own room Convenient locallon in lairemont 270-
6453. 1619) 

Del Mc:tr house. 0"" room ()Ceiln View, extras SI 62 . 
50 deposit. 7$5-5111 IS/ 15) Sumrner Of year lease . 
11171 

t' emal roommate ,w'Hlnble lor rail . Need own 
room in North County or bedch a rea I'm a non · 
smuker. 5th )'ear Poly Sci/ E('on m aJOr. W,lhnl to 
p..Iy up 10 11351 mo (." ... 11 t\nn":;~ 9ti5lI e ... rly mom or 
night 

2 ,,- roommatett needed for 71-79 school yr. Own 
roon1.!, I., bl from btdch in Del Mar SI37 telant 
453-45$1 (6151 

Hoom rur samme r . condo near UCSD, POOl. ov.-n 
room. SilO/month "'55-0.171 (6n) 
Koom lor rfnt ummer SOIJna Beach , Own room . 
3 bit • . from beach $ l mo {"51 
Wanted fem ale to sh<Jre 3 bdnn rondo Playmor '-' 
Jollu Ownroom aJlL.lndaor Uillary4Sr3.J779 (61 71 
2 F rooomtrultes needt.od Iii II (ur2 bdr ~)'tlide house 
m MB Sue E\'emngs 4I'.194e, (6111 
ummer rental 3 bet . 1'\ bath condo In Pla)-mor 

$375/ mon,h pan furn . pool 7f 1 to 91 J,5 Peter 571·3380 
1619) 
F'enwle roommate wanted own room . near bearh 
pool. non,smoker, no peL~ A\'allab~ nowSISO&: utll 
753-11490 '61~ ) 

For Re nt. One·bedroom l..oIJolia apartment to sub-
lellse (or Junp. Jul )' dnd poss lbl), Au,utt 
S22S/ month Pool . laundry r .. ci hlle . piano. ne .. r 
s hops. Cull Usa evenings "$4-362.1 

2 roommates ,"' wanted Playmor condo. pool. o"'-n 
room Call and)' 453· II ea rly om or eve. le/9) 
llldent 5t'ekina fema s tudent to hare 2 bedrm apt . 

ru rn / unfum $120 ea La J olla .rep 453· 17U Soraya 
(619) 
Student aeekl"g rema le rlllmt e t pr~med . or 
ladl", or KH!OCf' mjr ) to share 2 br a pt in La Jolla 
- $120/ ea Call 45l·1711 Soroy • . If rKI lJ ll5 .... er. call 
ol,.r I pm - Call 24 hr. 161~ ' 
Summer In llork.l~r · Suhl.1 6/20-9/15. 2 bdrm. 
rum. pool. ... r C 2Mllmth. 415-84H435 16151 

Are you sellIni your Mesa ummer Contract? I 
wan, to bu), it rrom ),ou' Sue 455..0694 tl/s) 
New I bdrm condo In La Jolla Vllla.e ror ~l. Nr. 
UCSD Club prMleg ... $3Sflmo :Z71 -stoIlS60-1522 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING ' 
-LOW COST 
-CONFIDENTIAL 
-STUDENT HEALTH 

INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

-FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

. . . I · · · · ~~!~~nnd~k ~ood sa lad bowl senllnk"~' 
value gift of io\'ed one now dece,ased Retu rn to Day 
Care Cente r 16/9. 
'fee·s hlr ts for the North Co unty Wildlife a nd 
Treatment Ce nt ... r ava il a ble fo r S6 95 Blue 
backKrounds .... Ith bldck letle'rmg Three differenl 
animal d eS i gns C ... II .,7 ·7604 ~o n · proflt 
organization 1619) 

Biorhythms Ph),.§wal emotional dnd Intellectual 
cycles, computenled. penlonallz.OO Daily project! 
and era phs Send name . addreSi. birthdate wlthSS--
1 mo. 110-3 mos. I IW mos; S2iH 1r: poatpa id . To 
1.lorhylhm Data . Ltd 286 Euchd . SUite 210 . San 
Olelo. CA 92114 Allow 30 d.ot)' s for delivery. 16191 
To Bob (Irom Alber~ ) The BLACK PARTY won', 
be the same nextyearunl ,you decide on UCSB. -
Rhonda (5/7) 
Attention Senior ' You can have one 18st fllne 
before .raduation ' Come to Revelle' Graduation 
Celebration . a semi(onnal di nner/ dance Ci t the EI 
Cortez. Hotel on June 10 Tickeu. now on sale Ilt the 
box oHice , are sa 50 per person Last chJ.jnce to eet 
toeether With the eane l (6 /9) • 

Project Oz E scondido hd o~mngs for \'olunteer 
counselors. F or Inlo cull 1t 3·15S7 lriumn. offered 
16/9) 
Iryou and some of)our!ltuU wan' i:j nde to Palo Alto 
June 17 ca ll Kath ... nd her (ruck . .... 1-1356 ,6/ 9) 
Interest e d In spJce researrh" JOin a space 
te<"hnololY orgamz.a tlon. Membership IS fr~ "nLe 
to UrA. P.O. Box 170>9. Son Diego. 92117 !Include 
your phone number If a n), .) 
THE SL!WEHOLOERS PROTESTED: "DOS'T 

IMPOSE YOUR MOR .~LS ON US!" NOli' 
.~BOHTIONISTS CII~NT TilE S ~MI:: REf'R.~1 ! 
( 617) 
Running on emplY" Share It with FOCUS Call 452· 
44M. Open 6- 12 nllhll ~ 1615) 

.~BORTIONIST ~'ORIIIRESOII' .~D ERTr I 
THE IT! REfUSE Tllt~1 YOUR REG. fEES! 
C.UL .~-:.571 OR u z,.t"t (1/71 
To Domin iC Ferraro I hope)"ou tne best summer 
Vour mybest3ndclose Upend llo\(')'ou . Me (619) 

Jull~. Meil.5sa . TOR) Beno and Ding A Linl . lhanks 
for bemg so much run Guess who 

NOTI E: i\aORTION4ST P .~\· ME TIN· 
CLUDEO 4 CSD MMER HEAI.T H 
I S R'\NCE! REJE CT" IIEf'USE TfIESE p.HMENTS ( 617) 

Deot' Kaddibble lIopper - 1'01 gOln& 10 mlsg you 
when I'm up ar UCLA Bu, don', oorry. "II be 
baC''' .AII {he tln'lel Don ' t do a n)l hina: I wouldn ' t do 
(ha. hal Lov(l. T~eetie 

Littl~ Be~t\'er - He~' lothe er.mdesl ldd)' und be51 
rr~nd a hbenned. seU conSCIOUs ""oman l:ould 
have .. Drink up' uwe P.ile Ji .... ~ 

Prep.anlf Need Help' 
Ma~e a dedslon loth Yov 

and Your -.,. ca. lYe with. 
Free Counlelns and Aid ' 

~I~ to..,e HOTlIN( Sl.H4Ff 

THT ''''''''''''1011 
.... CIAL .. " IlNeE 1_ 

Visit Our Clnters 
AncI Set For YaurHlt 

WIIr Wi .... The Differlftcl 
tall D~I, Evil , Week""" 

S.n Doe9O C.nte, 
2110 G.,nlt Ave. 

Pacific a.ach 92109 

Phone (7111 2n.1. 

Last year, Stepan Chemical 
purchased over one million 
pounds or leaves from Peru , 
which grows 95 percent of the 
world's supply, a nd other South 
American countries - a five-
Cold increa e over the amount 
imported into the US in 1957. 

The Drug EnCorcement 
Administration told Stepan it 
could extract no more than 
3,252 pounds of cocai ne during 
fiscal year 1978. Things seemed 
to go smoothly , a Stepan 
spokt'sman aid . until last fall. 

tCio ....... - ......... ~ ... - .. - .. - .. - ....... ~~.( 
• ! 

JCOMMUNITYf 
.iBLOOD BANK! 
i 983 India i 

327 F Street i 
! PAYSDONORS i 
i. 1 
t. for Service ','.' l Mon. - Frl. 
, 233-5481 i i 234·4601 : 
-.-...'--._ .. _ ........ ~ ........... ~ ....... _ .. - .C 

Although Stepan isolates the 
cocaine alkaloid from coca 
leaves, other major pharmace-
uticals - including Merc k , Eli 
Lilly and Mall i nckrodt -
convert it into a commercially 
usabl powder known as 
cocaine hydrochloride . 

Roy Walker, spokesman Cor 
Merck's Rahway, N.J ., head-
quarters , said his company 
mailed letters to all its 
wholesalers last October 
informing them of the produc-
tion slowdown and suggesting 
they distribute their supplies 
"as equitably as possible ." 
Since then , Walker said, the 
shortage has " lessened " , 
although " security as well as 
competitive Cactors" forba de 
him from discll'6,Sing all the 
factor that led tothe shortage. 

Undecided about 
PROP. 8 

and 
PROP. 131 

Dr. Richard Attiyeh 
Dr. Rob Engle 

of the UCSD Economics Depart-
ment wi ll be fealured in a 
d iscuss ion of the econom ic 
ramifications of the two property 
tax proposals . All interested 
students are welcome. 

When: Monday 
June 5th, 7-10 pm 

Where: Revelle 
Formal Lounge 

Sponaored by the Economies 
and Manqement Science 

Student. Anoel.flon 

israeli folk dance seminar 
featuring world-renowned 
dance choreographer 

shlomo bachar 

Date: Monday, June 5 
Time: 8:00 pm 
Place: Revelle Cafeteria 

free admission 
refre hment provided 

- re reational athletic -



llIe time for leeping i. over, with fiDill week ju.t around the corner. 

Their opponents call them rednec s ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
hour are common under the existing pre- .Ca lifornian , the campus ' independent 
enrollment system, but university officials say newspaper, probably served more than 
that computerized pre-enrollment is at least anything else to diminish respect for the ASUC 
four to six years away. senate this year. Only 4100 people, or 13 percent 

Spiller admits that this" may be true", but of the student body. voted in the recent election, 
insists that ASUC senators in the past have and Spiller was elected with just 1400 votes . 
campaigned on the issue and ignored it once in Altliough Courtney concedes that " the student 
office, and claim that his goal is to make government here do n't have a lot of power," 
computerized pre-enrollment "a top priorit of he charges that Th Daily Californian 
thesenate," adding,"atleastifitdoestakesix aggravated the situation of apathy that 
years som one will have finally started on it. " pervades the campus electorate and partially 

Courtney, however, claim that the process to credits the paper with Common Sense's victory . 
implement computerized pre-enrollment has "The newspaper here destroyed the credibility 
already begun, and say that, "The fact that in student government," Courtney claims. "The 
Lindsey Spiller supported it in the campaign editors came in after the election and said, 'If 
was irrelevant, and the fact that Lindsey Spiller we'd thought this could have happened we would 
will support it in office is irrelevant. " Courtney have endorsed you (the Progressive 
also says that he doesn ' t believe Spiller candidates), ." As it was the paper endor ed 
represented the problem correctly during the neither party . 
campaign. Who's to blame? 

No tudent input Ron Duhl, as staff writer with The Daily 
One of the major themes in Spiller's campaign Californian , who helped cover the ASUC senate 

was that student support of the ASUC senate was this year, places more blame on the senate than 
at an all-time low. Spiller complains that "there on his paper for the Progressive Slate's defeat. 
has been almost no student input in the last few " On the one hand you can say we spent the last 
years. No one cares much about the senate." year trashing them," says Duhl, " but on the 

Progressive Party members admit that the other hand you can say they brought it on 
ASUC government is currently held in low themselves." 
esteem at Berkeley. Last winter the ASUC Duhl says that current ASUC president Trudy 
judicial committee tried to veto to eligibility of Martin "spent the year developing contacts in 
15 of the senate 's 30 members due to charges of Sacramento," and that Courtney " has good 
voting fraud during elections last fall. The intentions" but "the outcome of the election 
ruling was overridden by the remaining reflects his actions during the yeBr." 
senators, who feared that the senate could not Duhl also says that he may have said 
govern without half its members. "somethime friends" to the effect that he would 

Undaunted, the judicial committee again like to have endorsed the Progressive Slate's 
declared the 15 senators ineligible to hold office, candidates, but asserts that "it wouldn't have 
and once again the Senate ' s remaining 15 been fair ," explaining that "an endorsement 
members overruled the judicial committee. can mean a couple of hundred votes, and had we 
Finally, after one of the 15 senators in question made an endorsement it probably would have 
had resigned in disgust, the judicial committee changed the election 's outcome." 
voted to seat those who had been elected in the Duhl claims that of the staffs ' writers and 
fall. editors , only six showed up for an endorsement 

This incident, which was well publicized on meeting, which was the principle reason no 
the news and editorial pages of The Dailv endorsement was mad 

Summer Work 
Have you ever had a 
summer job that wasn't 
too intellectually 
stimulating? 
Don't settle for that 
robot job back home. 
Use your head and earn 
GREAT MONEY 
this summer. 
For appt. call 459-4396. 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
946 GARNET AV. 1270-76301 
PACIFIC 8CH. 92109 - -

2 BLKS. FROM THE OCEAN 

SOUTHWESTERN 

We Are SpedGllsts 
Dedleated To Quallt~ 

OFFERING AN EXTENSIVE SELECTION OF 
THE ITEMS '" WHICH WE SPECIALIZE 

OVER 225 BULK CONTAINERS 
... HELP YOURSELF 

o FRESH BREAD 
o SEEDS FOR EATING - SPROUTING 
o GRAINS . NUTS • DRIED FRUIT 
o BULK HONEY. JUICES. ETC . 
• BASIC NATURAL FOODS 

JUICE BAR & TEA ROOM 
OVER GJ HERBS. ·TEAS • SPICES 

OUR OWN BACKPACKING MEALS 
WE' GRIND FRESH PEANUT BurrER 
& ALMOND BUTTER 

RETAIL & WHOLESALE 

MondIIy, June 5, 1971 

~enkel says AS, doesn't 
need to "sellout" ... -
(Continued from pale 1, . 

JENKEL: I think there are personality problem and there are 
a lso job description conflicts. Things that need to be dealt with . 
Speaking with the Chancellor he agre and has Caith in Dick 
Armitage to olve the problems. 

TT: Could you see the AS ever taking an advisory 1'01 with the 
Administration - day care Cor exampl . If th re wer more 
problems next year cou ld you se the AS upporting th ort oC 
demonstrations that we've en thi . pring? 

JENKEL: Yes, if the time i right the AS cou ld do that. It 
depends very much on the situation. 

TT: Do you think that once you have tak nan advi ory role you 
can ever go back to the role of partner with the Administration? 

JENKEL: Certainly. It takes a c rtain maturity on the part of 
both the AS and the Administration to realize that an advi ory 
relationship does not nece . arily take the form of a 
demonstration . It means that you disagree . If the AS and the 
Administration or the AS within it elf can't di agree and then get 
back together and have a good worki ng relation hip then we might 
as well write the whole thing off right now. 

TT: Should the AS be technically an arm of th univer ity? 
JENKEL: I'm not ure that it is that way right now. 
TT: They can freeze your budget virtually at whim. 
JENKEL: No, I don 't think that 's appropriate. It should not be 

an arm of the Administration but I don 't think it i that way right 
now. I disagree with you tha t the Administration can freeze our 
budget at whim. The can freeze our budget butth y would be fool 
to do so . 

TT: How activ should AS mcmb rs b in tud nt moveO)ents? 
Are you student leader or tud nt representative to the 
Admini tration? 

JENKEL: The proQlem for the commi sioner to face is that 
sometime it would be appropriat to rally ma tuu nt upport 
while at the same time it is crucial to main LD tn a good working 
relationship with the Admin; tralioll . A good working I' lationship 
with the administration can be mainla ined and in nowaydo thi 
mean compromi ing - or eHing out, which is a ~,hra c that I h a r 
a whole lot arGund here . 

Candidates debate here ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
voiced opposition to Proposition 13 but agre d it i highl) 
probable that the propo ition will pa . 

"Proposition 13 takes away the representative form of 
government, " said A embly candidate Au tin hilds, who 
called himself the mobile home candidate since dealing with 
the problems of renters and mobile home owners i his main 
concern. 

Assembly candidate Stan Maki is concerned about '.' the 
crime rate that threatens our security. " Maki believes that in 
order to reduce political corruption "each public legislator 
should put down on a public record why he voted foror against a 
bill ." . 

" Passing Proposition 13 will be like controlling the 
government in the hands of the minority," said Maki. 

Incumbent not there 
John Ruffner spoke for incumbent Larry Kapiloff, who was 

unable to attend the forum . Kapiloff supports the idea of solar 
and geothermal energy, said Ruffner. 

Kapiloff's major concern is in the future pla nning of San 
Diego County; he believes that one city should not be affected 
by what goes on in another city, said Ruffner. 

Senatorial caIJdid'ate Jerry Harmon voiced oppo ition to 
nuclear power projects . 

" Nuclear power is not the cheap bonanza it is claimed to be," 
commented Harmon. 

" I am disturbed by the inaction of the Republica 1S in this 
(38th) district," said senatoria l candidate Walter Cress. 

Concerning Proposition 13, Cre s said, " How you vote 
reflects what you value most - property or human beings ." 

·Deadline To Clear All 
Expired lockers Is Sat. 

June 17, 6:00 pm-
FAILUAE TO AETURN LOCK AND TOWEL WILL 

RESULT IN A $5.00 FINE AND LOCKER CONTENTS 
WILL BE TURNED OVEA TO THE CAMPUS POliCE. 

All STUDENTS MUST CLEARI 
""' Cord hokMn must ct.o, IocMrs OR ru.w prM.s by frio 
JuM 16. 


