
I 
I 
e 

The ~hild Care Collecti\le held it. "Children'. Day" fete ... t Thursday in the Re\lelle Plaza in order to "cele brate the pre ent UCSD Day Care Center and 
the c hildren of the uni\lenityco ..... nity ... Theeeandother.milingface.werepre. entThanciay wheafua, food and .. usic were the order of the day. 

Volume 34. Number 10 

.L1..3IL!!W..lL-P r f p- rob a b Ie . 
Communications kept alive 

by John Hondro 
taff Writer 

Th SD Communications 
Program is alive and well and 
will be expanding next year, 
according to its acting coor-
dinator, Beryl Bellman. 

" It is very likely next year 
that we will ha e Michael Cole, 
a distinguished professor from 
Rockefeller University, as the 
new coordinator of the Com-
munications Program ," 

Bellman told ttie Triton Time 
in a recent interview. 

Cole's presence at UCSD 

would lead to positive revisions 
in the present progr am~ 
Bellman said. . 

Bellman has an optimi tic 
outlook for the future of the 
Communications Program ; 

however, he doesn't deny that 
there a re currently some 
problems within the program. 
The communications major is 
the second largest social 
science major and the fourth 
largest major overall at UCSD, 
yet there are only five part-
time faculty members within 
the program, said Bellman. 

Commentary ~~ 
.What waste this waste .~! 

by Laura A. Richter :ll 
News E ditor . ~~~ 

Icarus once soared in the free-flight Greek imagination. But ::: 
let the melted wax of rriy own experience serve as a warning ::: 
from Dedalus. ::: 

..... .'. 

The most difficult aspect of jogging is gathering together the ~l~ 
mental strength with which to begin. A willing mind can permit ::: 
any one ' of a million earth-shaking feats , which in my case :;: 
mar. three or four miles per day. ::: 

Once my reluctant legs have started out along Del Mar's ::: 
a ndy strip, I find leisure time to review the events of a ::: 

new pap r office day. Which stories have priority , will oud 
phot~graphers com through for the next is ue, which AS ::: 
candldates should I vote to endorse, wouldn ' t I rather vote to do ::: 
away with the AS completely and would anyone notice if the ::: 
Triton Times imply disappeared tomorrow? ::: 

(Please turn to page 11):~: 
::: 

, ~,A :.... " ::: 
• ~ .., ..,. ..,.,~. 1 : ,. fI ~ .. . ;~. ~ , ::: 

" ,. . ,, '.. t ... • ..... .. ~ , ' .' 
• .. • 1"" .. ~ \ :' ... f • ; ::: 

. " •. «I " ... ' ,. ," , 't I :.: 
;t".._ · ". ... . ' .. ..... ::: 
,. . .. .. ~. • t .:. 

....... ~ .'''1 '' :.: 
\,}' ~ . -. ,,~:. " : ::: 
,~~~ .. -; ~ "r .:. '~~"'~ ~~: '. 

:: 
,', ·\.:,) l 

.' 

:= 
.' 
.' 
.' 

.' 

.' 

.' 

.' 

.' 

.' 
' .' 

.' 

.... := 
.' 
.' 
.' 

.: .. :.::.:.:.: •. :.:.:.::.;.:.; .. ;.:.: ..... ; ................... :.;.; ....... ; ....................................... :.::.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:,.:.:.: .. :.: ..... : ............... : ... :.::, 

Flexibility questioned 
Communications major 

haW! tITe option of taking 
cour es in related depart-
ments , such as ociology , 

visual arts. psychology a nd 
anthropology . The Academic 
Senate's Committee on Educa-
tional Policy has recently 
questioned the flexibility of the 
communications major, as its 
members feel that the major 
should be more structured, 
explained Bellman . The 
program hasn 'l come up with a 
response yet. he added. 

One of the expansions taking 
place next fall in the program 
will be the increase in full-time 
faculty member . Bellman said 

there will be five full -ti me 
faculty in addition to those that 
Cole may bring with him from 
Rockefeller niversity . Among 
next year ' faculty will be 
sociologist Jeremy Tunstall . 
Bellman said the program will 

be retaining Suzanne Wedow, 
who is a visiting profe or thi 
year laking the pla ce of 

handra Mukerji. 
"Within the n xt few year. , 

we expect to s much more 
faculty participation in the 
program," said B lIman. 

B e llman explaied that 
bringing in a n w .coordinator 
will not lead to a change in the 
program , but rather a n 
ex pan ion of it. om of the 
revision will in 'lud king 
more extramural funding and 
xpanding th cla offeri ng in 

th program. 

Committee rejects 
parking increase 

built, it would not solve the 
parking problem in the 
Hillcrest area . 

by Eric Jaye 
Staff Writer 

The P a rking Advisory 
Comittee voted Friday to 
recommend to Chancellor 
William McElroy that he 
consider a number of alterna-
tives before raising the parking 
fee in order to construct a 
parking garage at Unversity 
Hospital in Hillcrest. 

According to uni versity 
spokesmen , the garage is 
necessary because of the 
congested parking conditions in 
the area caused by patients and 
staff of the hospital. 

Currently student pay $36 a 
year, faculty 72 and staff $60. 
Under the plan being con-
sidered by McElroy, students 
would pay $45, faculty $96 and 
staff $84. 

Included in the committee's 
recommendation to McElroy 
was the suggestion that he 
explore the possibility of using 
a mass-transit system to 
alleviate the situation and , 
failing that , to look into 
alternate means of funding the 
garage. 

McElroy now has the option 
of accepting the committee' s 
recommendation not to raise 
the parking fees or sending a 
request to the Regents , who 
must approve all fee hikes. 

McElroy told the Triton 
Times two we ks ago that unles 
he was presented with a 
"viable" alternative, he would 
approve the increa e (TT, Wed. 
April 12) . 

McElroy said at the time that 
h did not think mass transit to 
be a workable solution to the 
problem , co n ider i ng that 
mo t of th congestion wa 
caused by the patients, who 
com e from all over the cit to 
use the hospital. 

Committee members ex-
pres ed some re ervation 
Friday that ven if the $5.5 
million parking garage were 

According to projections, the 
700 additional parking spaces 
provided by the parking garage 
will not be sufficient becau e of 
planned hospital expansion . 

Vice-chancellor of Financial 
Management H . D. Johnson 
said recently that more 
garage might have to be built 
as the need arises. 

According to Johnson a 
comprehensive plan is in the 
works that might double or 
triple parking fees to pay for 
more garages . 

Controversial 
Bella Abzug 
to speak here 

Former US Representative 
Bella Abzug (D-New York , 
1971-76) will speak tomorrow 
evening at eight in the 
Mandeville Auditorium as part 
of the Mandeville Lectures 1978 
series. 

Abzug, known for her large, 
colorful hats and sharp tongue, 
will speak on the International 
Women' Year. The former 
congre swoman ha been a 
strong campaigner for wo-
men's rights a nd the ratifica-
tion of the Equal Rights 
Amendment. 

Voted by her colleague in 
1976 a the third mo t infuen-
tial m mber of the House of 
Representatives , Abzug ha 
promoted legi lation to 
encourage full employment, 
public work program , 
federalization of welfare , 
con umer and environmental 
prot tion , and aid to the citie . 

To her critics she i called 
" abra ive" , her admir r a 
" champion", with the word 
"controver ial " perhap being 
the be t de cription . 

TT editorial positions 
day . Th 
lect n xt 

or oth r 



triton times Monday,ApnI24,1'7' 

Opinio 
Jarvis- apiloff debate: An entertaining show 

• by Sam Beedle 
We attended th ~ Jarvis-

Kapilof( confrontation over 
"Proposition 13" I,hat went 
down at Mandeville Hall April 
12. I had a good seat - close 
enough to get a little on me 
every time Jarvis spoke. The 
show was entertaining. Not 
enlightening, but entertaining. 

Unfortunately, neither 
Jarvis defending the pro goal , 
nor Kapiloff, speaking against 
the proposition, brought 
anything new to the party. The 
"debate" although artfully 
managed by US Attorney, Mike 
Walsh, proved to be another 
opportunity for Howard Jarvis 
to articulate a view he has held 
for fifteen years, and for Larry 
Kapiloff to portray his best " we 
professionals have to stick 
together" role. 
Sam Beedle is a history major 
al Muir College. 

Walsh was successful in 
keeping one protagonist quiet 
while the other presented his 
remarks. However, barring 
some sixty seconds of spastic 
combative rhetoric when 
Jarvis cocked a speculative 
eyebrow at the source of some 
Kapiloff campaign money, the 
debate was pretty ho-hum. We 
certainly didn 't hear any 
definitive argument regarding 
the proposition . 

When I played the tape back 
for the second time , an 
almost incidental remark by 
Kapiloff suddenly stood out, 
loud and clear , from the 

background noise of political 
mumbo-jumbo. He had gained 
office in the early seventies, he 
was saying, because he " ... ran 
a successful campaign against 
a ten year incumbent on the 
propertr tax issue." Kapiloff 
was 0 fering this as his 
.credential. Holy smoke! Here 
was this same politician, six 
years later, lulling us to sleep 
with the same litany. 

Despite his successful 
campaign, during which he 
forecast reductions in property 
taxes because he was more able 
than his political opponent , 
California's property taxes 
went up instead. The taxes 
didn 't increase slightly. They 
increased in some cases by 
several hundred percent! How 
then, can we assign any 
credibility at all to what 
Kapiloff tells us now? 

Clearly, this man speaks with 
forked tongue. Howard Jarvis 
is loud and nJrie and abrasive 
but, this man Kapiloff is dan-
gerous. 

He tells us that the expenses 
of the government, be ana bis 
colleagues have erected for us, 
are enormous. Like a Madison 
Avenue advertiser, he reaches 
out to twang that old cultural 
conditioning. He threatens the 
sacred and valued institutions, 
schools, police protection , 
health care. He looks for the 
" hook. " 

" Are you interested in our 
children's education?" 

How deftly we are led away 
from a discussion of the subject 

- from a debate on the issue: 
property tax reduction . How 
ridiculously easy it is to 
manipulate a crowd when your 
message is an emotional c Hche. 

The facts which define the 
issue are simple ones. The 
Jarvis-Gann Initiative (now 
labeled Proposition 13) is the 
first real opportunity to cut 
taxes that voters have had in 
this decade. All the politicians 
who have been elected because 
they promised to draft and 
introduce new legislation to 
lower property taxes have 
failed . (Proposition 8 is a 
reaction to 13 rather than an 
alternative option. Its consti· 
tutionality was in question asof 
April 14, 1978) . Legislators who 
were e lected on tax reform 
platforms have not kept faith 
with their constituents . Instead 
the voters are told that 
Sacramento is continuing to 
study the problem . Your 
friendly Assemblyman tells 
you that he "knows that 
property taxes are too high." 
But. tax reform is a colossal 
undertaking - its a lot of work 
- " you know that sometimes, 
we have to get the Highway 
Patrol to collect an the 
legislators and corral 'em in the 
Statehouse for a critical vote." 

One and a half million' 
registered voters in Califomia 
have done what Assemblyman 
Kapiloff and the other elected 
and appointed types in Sacra-
mento have not been able to do . 
We Californians can cut our 
taxes in June of 1978 because of 

Hewlett Packard 
Super Sale, 

HPll Scientific 
Performs 32 

Preprocrammed Functions 

564.00 
Sug. Ret. SIIO.OO 

HP25 Programmable 
Scientific Prolrammer 

with 72 built-in 
runctions with 

8 memories 

599.00 

HP22 Business 
Has 19 Memories 

with Mathematical 
and Statistieal Functions 

599.00 
S ue. Ret. SI15.00 

HP27 Scientific 
Scientific Functions 
plus Statistics and 

Finance 

$140.00 
Sug. Ret . 5175.00 

Ava.ilable at the University Bookstore 
April 24 thru April 28 Limited quantity in stock! 

I' , , '. , , I r t, 

a n initiative created by the 
people in spite of the counter-
productive activity of our state 
government. 

The initiative isn ' t perfect, 

you understa nd , but it 's a 
beginning that puts the voter 
back in charge . That's the way 
it's supposed to work , remem· 
ber? 

Letters to the editor 
Children's'Day resisted 
by UCSD administration 
Editor: 

I have j ust re turned from the "Children 's Day " at UCSD and feel 
compelled to make a few comments . 

The participation and interest shown by the UCSD students wa 
fantastic. I couldn' t have been more pleased with lhe behavior of the 
c hildren attending from the day care centers in the community or from the 
UCSD Day Care Center. The children had fun and the s tudents got to see a 
vita l part of their community - the children . Everyone did a spectacular 
j ob. The e nlbsiasm shown by the children and the student support 
exceeded a ll expectations. 

There is one poinllhal distresses me: the resistence received from the 
Administration in sponsoring this event. One wonders why an event 
intended to givt the students an opportunity to see the children from the 
UCSD Day Care Center, a nd to gain support for pa rtial Registration Fee 
funding, would cause the Administration so much concern. What could be 
wrong with attempting to eliminate the budget deficit to insure the 
continuation of quality day ca re for our children? Yet from the early stages 
of planning this event , continuing until one hour before the event. the staff 
al the Center were repeatedly warned that if they participated in 
Children 's Day in any way they were " walking a fine line" which could 
result in their dismissal. Staff could not attend " Children 's Day" unless 
they requested and received approval to take vacation . Definition of 
Children 's Day as .a field trip was specifica lly prohibited , even for the 
c hildren of the parents who requested it. This is especially paradoxica l in 
light of the a ttendance of day care centers from Del Mar a nd Sorrento 
Valley. 

One questions the d ifference between the Day Care Center seeking 
funding a nd the other departments at UCSD going to Washington to obta in 
funding for their projects . This in turn makes one ask. " Why does the 
Chance llor a nd his staff ' really ' want to c lose the present day car 
center?" Obvious ly he has reasons other than the economic ones 
previously slated if he so opposes a ll efforts to eek alternate funding . 

SANDRA COOK 

AMAS article took 
quotes out of context 
Editor: . 

We appreciate your coverage ('IT April 19) of the AMAS (ASSOCiation of 
Medica l Arts and Science) . It was written well but in some senses my 
statements were taken out of context. Our (the AMAS') major concerns 
are making available to the UCSD a nd surrounding health oriented 
community , qualitative, humanistic and quantitative education thaI has 
not been available in lhe past. Hea lth a lternatives are but one aspect pf our 
a ttempts . Our purpose in doing so is to prepare us ( pr~senl health 
professional s, present patients, future hea lth professionals and future 
patients) for a hea lth care model that will be ve ry much different by the 
time UCSD's health science student will be practic ing . 

Sincl.' my ideas are only a pa rtofwhat the AMAS is a bout I would suggest 
to thos further intere ted in the AMAS to pic k up Balance. Balance is a 
newsletter produced by thl.' health science students of CSD. Many of our 
member a re activl.' ly involved in the production of Balance. The goa ls and 
actions of the AMAS can ~Iy be adq ualely understood by getting to know 
at least many of our members. We (the members of AMAS) a re a ll coming 

f~om different mi nd statesa nd station' of life and aredeaded toward many 
dIfferent aspects of hea lth and medicine. We have unified out of individual 
hopes of facilitllting our ow n educational und. cial needs and from our 
concern for an excellent hea lth care system 10 the future . We invite you to 
g I involved by expressing your needs . 

MIKE McDONALD 
Pre idenl, Assn. of MC'dical Arts and Sdences 

Th.e Tfllon Times Is published by UCSD students as an ollicial student newspaper. 
Publication IS on MOndays. Wednesdlys and Fridays during the regular schOol year 
(except on olllci., holidays) . Editorial and business 0 11 Ices are located In ttle Student 
Center at the University 0' California. SIln Diego For editOrial , cIIi 452·34ee. for 
bUSiness and dIsplay advertising , call 452· 3468 

Letters to the edi tor and opinion COlumns are welcomed. All s mtssiolnsshould be 
typed and double-spaced on 8 6~spac. Ii ..... They should not exceed , .... page. in 
length 

Submllled ma,enal musl bear the name and sludent identlf,callon number 0' the 
author Name. can bewithheld'rompubhcatlon on request. however. the names will be 
held on file 'or public Inspection 

The Tnton Times reserves th right toedit submissions Il cause 0' space Ilmlt.toons 
orstyle rpq~"emen t $ 

Ent". contents copyroght 19761he Triton Times 

~"ApnI24.1'7' triton times 

Elections for 1978-79 
ASUCSD positions 

Statements from candidates for: 
Comm. of Academic Affairs 
Comm. of Appts. and Eval. 
Comm. of Public Relations 
Program Board Chair 
Vote next Tuesday and Wednesday 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
Brenda Brumfield Margot T empereau Jon Pro~st 

Usually in a campaign, the 
candidates argue over the important 
issues and hope to win the voters over 
with their argumentative skills. In the 
campaign presently being run for next 
year's ASUCSD, all of the candidates 
dre in favor of the same issues: 
improved tenure procedures , 
expanded student center and 
comm un icatio ns program, and 
improving the performance of the AS 
over the inaclivity of this year. 

Robb Storn 
The ASUCSD elections are thus far 

filled with misconceptions. It almost 
seems as though we candidates are 

Jon Osborn 
My name is Jonathan Osborn, anr 

I'm running for ASUCSD Commis· 
sioner of Academic Affairs. One of my 
major concerns, if elected, wiD be to 
make students more aware of the 
University structure about us, in the 
hopes of inc reas ing student 
participation in the academic decision-
maklllg process at UCSD. 

As a candidate running for academic 
affairs commissioner, I have many 
ideas and programs I'd like to see 
implemented. It 's been said before that 
we all want pretty much the same thing 
for the students. TIle Amphitheatre, 
Pub, consistent TGIFs, no raise in the 
parkin g fees, expanding the 
Communications PrO!lTam to a Dept.. 
the strengthening of the non·science 
majors, student representation on the 
Tenure Board (UCLA has iL) I could 
make a list of promIsed possibilities for 
eons. 

The Moser Slate et al has one 
specific thing !'IOing for it that the other 
candidates can't claim. Other than the 
facl that Gary Moser has proven 
himself with a tremendous list of 
programs he, himself has implemen' 
ted; (Amphitheatre, Pub , Beer Bash, 
etc.) Gary was the one who found out 
about the parking fee hike to $96, and 
our slate got the petitiohs signed and 
the issue on the ballot. We also work 
very well together , which I can't 
honestly say the current AS does. We 
want to bring more students into the .-
involvement of what the mysterious 
AS does at their meetings. ::. 

We also want to bring more of a ' 
feeling of unity to UCSD. We proved 
that it was possible at Spirit Night 2, 
when Chuck Flores and Bill Silva got 
the gym packed full of people for our 
basket baH team. We have all proven 
ourselves and as RAs and HAs we 
KNOW what the students want. We 
talk to them every day. We care and 
want to PICK UP mE PIECES. 

Academic affairs is the single most 
critical area of student government 
simply because it affects all students -
regardless of background, major, year 
in school or whatever distinction one 
might choose to apply. The UC system 
is nationally recognized for its 
excellence, yet in the past few years, 
throughout the system, there has been 
a noticeable decline in the quality of 
education proVided to undergrad-
uates ; undergraduate research is not 
effectively encouraged , course 
materials are often unavailable at 
either the university bookstore or at 
the majOr campus libraries and some 
360 UCSD students have majors In 
Communications while that program 
lacks departmental status and thus the 
benefits that such status brings. 

I have worked with CAPE for the 
past year and hav.e gained insight into 
many of the strengths and weaknesses 
of teaching at this university . In 
addition to Ol\PE, I actively support 
John Andrew's TA Deve lopment 
program, ! tutor for History 7 and I am 
working on a campaign to reappoint 
Dr . Gerald Bender to t he Political 
Science department faculty. 

I have ideas and answers yet I need 
the support of the student body at 
large to be a truly effective student 
advocate. Elect me Commissioner of 
Academic Affairs. It will make the 
difference. 

Appointments, Evaluations 
Marlene Peterson 

Student input and cooperation is vital to an effective student government. The 
ASUCSD needs to have the student's support to accomplish its goals and 
objectives next year. I am Marlene Peterson and I'm a candidate for the office of 
Commissioner of Appointment~ and Evaluations. 

There are over 60 advisory committees on campus, dealing with all aspects of 
st udent life. These committees, all of which require active student particiJ)iltion , 
cover a wide range of student ac tivities, from food and housing to academics to 
Reg Fee to administration. AppOintments and Evaluations must deal with these 
committees and the students involved . I plan to coordinate college and AS 
appointments so as to facilitate student input into the UC system. ! would also like 
to utilize student potential to help get things done on this campus. 

In the past, students have not been effective on these committees due to lack of 
attendance. communication between the students and the AS. and the lack of 
interest by the students. All these things can and should be changed. I have many 
ideas that can be applied to this office. However,these aren't just ideas, they will 
be facts if I am elected. UCSD needs an effective, cohesive student government 
that can work together and with others to make this a better student community. 

Michael Russo 
My name IS Michael Russo. I am running for the offICe of Commissioner of 

Appointments and Evaluations. I believe it is every student's right to be heard in 
the halls of student government . I believe in a government that is r"sponsive to the 
needs of the student. I believe in a government that williislen to those students . 
Student governm nt proceeds from the students and for the studen's. not to 
them. 

At this moment this office is being run by a small group of self·seek,ng 
bureaucra ts . In the time they hav.e been in office they have proven beyond a 
shadow of a doubt that they are interested in their own welfare. 

Uo you want to know what is going on in student government? Do you want 
open meetings , published minutes? Jf so, this election IS your chance to change 
things. TAKE THIS OPPORTUNITY TO VOTE. Examine the alternatives. When 
voting please keep what I say in mind . If I am elected I promise to hold the student 
welfare as my chief aIm. If I am elected I will do everything In my power to make 
student government open and responsive . Election day vote Mike Russo 
Commissioner of Appointnlents and Evaluations. 

Bill Topkis 
The otflce of AlJpolntments and Evaluations is among the most important In Ih,s 

school. I can not impress on people enough the Significance on election day their 
decision will make to the campus . It is of the utmost importance that a person with 

xperience take this office for the coming year . 
I feel I am that person. I have worked extensively with the previous 

Commissioner of ApPOintments dnd Evaluations, Jim L:.ofgren. I have helped to 
structure Ih office for the coming year and in doing so ! hav achieved a working 
understanding of the job. I realize the effects the deci ions of this office produce 
and' I WIll ndeavor to achieve the gr atest stud nt representation on the 
committees Ihis office appoints people to (e.g. Acad mic Senate, ActiVity Fee 
Board and Reg Fee Board) . 

I will see to It thaI the office f Appointm nts and Evaluation will give th mo t 
pOS Ible IIlfluen e over: 

*Th ParkIng AdVIsory Board to prev nt prICe raises. 
°The Reg Fee Board to stop Increases in registration costs 
·Stopping the de adenc of the school's departm nts. 
°The transportation to and from campus. 
I an do the ,ob tile tud nts want and d serve. PI a r mem 

3 

being tested fo·r honesty. Many are 
railing that test. 

The first thing that raised my 
suspiCIon was the 29 page list of 
election codes. They resemble a list of 
prison regulations. All in the name of 
our own (the candidates) protection. 
Whatever happened to the days of an 
honest election? 

This IS, of course, easier said than 
done. If however, students are going to 
have a positive effect upon academic 
policy at UCSD, each of us, as 
students must know where and how to 
channel our concerns and grievances 
to the UCSD community. Without a 
thorough knowledge of the way the 
University runs, this is impossible. 

I am running for academiC affairs 
commissioner, because I know I will do 
a good Job for the students of UCSD 
My only campaign promise IS to give 
the job 100% ot my ability. I am at a 
disadvantage, because I am not as well 
known as some of the other 
candidates. 

The sa red Triton Times itself took 
part in thiS mixed up set of ideals when 
It "blew up" a story about minor 
campaign violations to the proportions 
of a front page feature . 

When the honesty tests are over we 
may even reach Election Day. On that 
day, (as some of us truely suspect), we 
can vote in a new set of bureaucratic 
ninnies to make up next years elechon 
policy. 

We can hardly effect policy If we 
don't know what the present policy is, 
how it was arrived at , and how it is 
being implemented. If a large segment 
of the student body is unaware of these 
things, no amount of work, by either 
myself or my opponents will be able to 
affect change in UCSD AcademIC 
policy. Without the support of an 
informed student body ASUCSD 
Academic policy IS doomed to failure . 

What the voters will have to decide is 
whether or not to vote in favor of those 
wno they know, or those who they 
know will do the best job. 

I say, "Take your policies and go you 
know where." But remember I'm not 
hke that. I'm perfectly different. Vote 
for a good sense of humor and 
sarcasm. Vote Robb Strom for 
Commissioner of Academic Affairs . 

To deal with this , I plan to hold a 
forum on academic issues in fall 
quarter, as well as publish a pamphlet 
on student roles in academic decision· 
ffi4king at UCSD. 

Program Board Chair 
Melanie Alschuler Charles Flores 

Working at the Student Center as an EDNA for the past 
two years has taught me a lot about the Administration and 
the entire University bureaucracy. Unfortunately the more I 
learn, the more upset and frustrated I become. 

I just hear a lot of talk and very little action. Effective 
programming is a prime example. Why are students 
continually complaining about lack of entertaining things tc 
do on campus? 

I've. got a lot 01 mnovallve ideas and I know how to 
implement them. For example c reating a casual , relaxing 
area where small entertaining events are continualy 
happening and students can gather to socialize . 

I teet we also need more ethnio-centered programs. A few. 
more ideas are for more outdoor concerts and picnics and 
regular TGIFs or OFIMs. A party information tape will help 
end the "there's nothing to do" blues! 

I'm extremely enthusiastic and hopefully through 
competence, students can achieve the uillmate 
responsibility and authority over campus ·wide 
programming. 

. . 

I see the Commissioner of Program Board responsible for 
many things besides the coordination of programs on 
campus . It is the responsibility of this position to coordinate 
all campus events and together with the commissioners of 
public relations and communications, give good publicity to 
the campus media which in tum, gives the information to the 
students. 

My main concern is the welfare, and benefit of the student 
body. As a Muir House Advisor this year I have had a close 
look at the interests and needs of the students. lnere is no 
reason why we can not improve the social aspects of this 
University. One example was tile Spirit Night which I am 
responsible for. I am presently involved in attempting to put 
together a UCSD invitational track meet which would not 
only serve as a source of entertainment, but also the funds 
that are raised could benefit the intercollesiate teams such 
as Crew and Rugby which involve a large number of people. I 
do believe intercolleqjates are one of the many ways to 
improve involvement and interest in UCSD. 

I hope to stimulate much interest from student 
organizations in order to get more input and in order to Ilelp 
those organizations with their programs. 

I have satd it before, and I will say it again , THE 
STUDENTS OF UCSD ARE THE GREATEST 
RESOURCE mls UNIVERSITY HAS TO OFFER, we 
should not lose them due to reasons such as a non-existant 
social life. 

Commissioner of Public Relations 
Richard F erlito 

The job of Public Relations starts with bridging the gap 
betw en student government, the administration and th 
students. The campus media, especially extensive use of th 
ASUCSD Bulletin, should be. the main tool to Inform th 
stude nts. How many students know what the AS is? How il 
works' The issues contemplated this year? Another area 10 
which the students are uninformed about is administrative 
a tivities and i sues . How many students know we will have 
a new Vlce·chancellor of Student Affairs? The reason for 
parkmg fee increases? Why our student center fees rose 
four dollar last fall Without student knowled~? 

But, as I said, Public Rela tions only starts With informing. 
the stud nts . To a complish task that are important to 
students, the CommiSSIOner of Pubh RelatIOns has to be 
avallabl for stud nt Input. Thl can be done in various ways: 
opinion questlonaires, a Pubh Relations Committe and of 
course , direct int raction with th stud nts. 

I Ii v With my ex peri nce I am qualifled to be 
Comml IOn r of Public Relat Ions. I founded the Discount 
BuYing Group to create an effectiv tudent rvlce, worked 
tediou Iy as Ad Manager, Staff Wrtter of the ASU SD 
Bulletin, dire ted the Be r Task Forc and org ntzed 
ASTGIF ,and ha'}e Initiated the reorganization of the San 
Dtego CollegJ t COUncil. 

Th present AS ha built a trong base Ihis last year. With 
th corr t choke, the vast pot ntsal that exi t in tudent 
can be u d to the fullest extent. Expenence and mterest are 
ma,or fa tor in a andidat 's quahh alion Be car ful of 

Carlos Montalvo 
t see the po ItlOn of Public Relations CommISSIOner as one 

of th major driving forces behind a productive ASUCSD 
Only through effechve Public Relattons can the AS hope to 
keep in tune to the ever changing desires and needs of th 
Untverslty. 

The Pubhc Relattons CommiSSioner must act as a 
coh Ive intermediary betw en all facets of the college 
community . Onc elected. my pnmary concern WlH be to 
create and mamtaln operative chal1nels of input between the 
various branches of student government 

In the past, the ASUCSD has f" iled to solICit input from 
uch representative tudent or~a.tizations as the College 

Councd ,College·wid Commit . , Residence HaDs Staff, 
Warren Commuter Board, and l1e Revelle Community 
C nt r. How can th AS po tblll Mpe to repre nt Third, 
Warren, MUir nd Rev I tud nt wh n they hav mad no 

• aCl!v effort to arch Out 11", Itt.. J.) v( {h~ ... {uJe .. 1.,:' 
Stud nt fe d k and partICipation I es ntsal to creating 
an effective t udent gov rnment. 

new ca ndidates wh mterest h"s blossom d overnight. . __ ....;;.;.;..;.~....;;...;;;;.;.;;..;..;..:..:;..;.. ______ ...... _____ -'-__ --' 



McGirr leads softball team to 9-1 win 
Women ' capture sixth straight. 

Eileen McGirr, UCSO' •• tar .oftball pitcher, let. fly with a 
high-.peed to •• against Pt. Loma last Thand.y. 

1M News 

by Kitty Robinson 

The UCSD intercollegiate 
women's softball team won its 
sixth straight game Thursday, 
9- 1. against Point Lorna 
College. Eileen McGirr pitched 
her usual near·perfect game, 
while six Triton batters chalked 
up hits in the seven innings of 
play . 

UCSD's biggest rally came in 
the fifth inning, when the first 
three batters up , McGirr, 
Michelle Frost and Janice Yip, 
were all walked to load up the 
bases. Laurie Goldfarb then 
doubled to drive in three runs, 
and Cindy Mabee singled 
Goldfarb in. Mabee then scored 
on an error to put the run total 
for that inning at five . 

Mary Jo Speer, McGirr and 
Goldfarb all singled in the third 
inning. With the help of a walk 
and an error which got Alma 
Edwards on base, the Tritons 
scored three runs that innin~ . 

Fri$bee golf tourney slated 
Sign-ups continue through 

Wednesday for the first annual 
frisbee golf tournament . 
sponsored by the UC SD 
Intramural Athletic Depart-
ment. The tourney's coordina-
tor , 1M co -director Lee 
Johnson , has designed two 18 
hole courses , which cover most 
of the Revell e and Muir 
campuses and offer challenges 
to frisbee experts and golfers 
alike . 

Rules for the tourney are 
imple : a ny size frisbee is 

"' Howed, the lowest score for 18 
hole wi ns (as in regular golO 

and most regular golf rules 
apply to the one day event, 

scheduled for Sunday, April 30 
(first tee-off is 10 am) . 

In individual competition , 
winners will be determined by 
the best (lowest) total score for 
18 holes, wi th seperate men's 
and women 's winners . In team 
play , the two person total score 
will d etermi n e winners . 
Competition is divided into 
categorie : Open , in which only 
individual and two-person best 
" ball" contests will be run , and 
Master, in which persons who 
have either played frisbe"e golf 
before or those with a reason-
able amount of frisbee talent 
can compete . 

The two 18 hole courses , 

dubbed the Ross Bott and 
Richard Collier Memorial 
courses, each offer obstacles 
similar to real golf courses. The 
Ross Bott course begins by the 
connecting overpass at the P&L 
building and continues throll~h 
to the ninth hole. which lies 
a dj ace nt to the Ce ntr a l 
Library. According to John 'on, 
the 1M d'epartment has scraped 
up enough funds to build a 
makeshift clubhouse at the 
mnth h91e , complete with a bar, 
grill and TV lounge. The Ross 
Bott course ends back at the 
connecting overpass. 

The Richard Collier course, 
(Please turn to page 8) 

The Golden Beer of Danish Kengse 

UCSD also scored one run in 
the second inning after Brigit 
Morley ~ot on on an error and 
was hit In on a single by Erin 
A'Hearn . 

McGirr was in top pitching 
form , allowing only two hits 
while striking out 12 Point 
Lorna batters. The single run 
was scored by the opposition 
when , in the sixth inning, 
pitcher Patti Patterson singled 
and scored on a sacrifice fly by 
Gigi Bradley. 

The UCSD defense was a 
great team eCfort backing up 
McGirr's fine pitching . 

Althou~h Point Lorna players 
committed five errors, the 
Tritons did not chalk up any . 
Second baseman Mabee and 
third baseman Alma Edwards 
played especially well. 

"The team is working hard 
and all are willing to learn ," 
commented UCSD women's 
softball coach Chuck M illen-
bah. " Our victories have all 
been team efforts. Everyone is 
pulling together." 

Upcoming highlights of the 
women's season include a 
double header against Stanford 
on May 7 and the All -Cal 
tournament, which will be held 
in Santa B.arbara. May 17-20. 

This week in sports 
Mon. Apr. 24 aHmlnton vs Grossmont College 
Tues. Apr. 25 a .. eball vs USIU 
Wed. Apr. 26 Men'. Tennl. at Point Lorna 
Thurs. Apr. 27 aadmlnton at Occidental 
ThurS.-Sat Apr. 27 Men'. and Women'. Tennl. at 

Ojai Tourney 
Fri. Apr. 28 Golf in Point Lorna Tourney· 
Fri.-Sat. Apr. 28 Track and Field in SCCTF 

Championships in Riverside 

4 pm 
3 pm 

12 noon 
6:30 pm 
All Day 

All Day 
1 pm 

Sat. Apr. 29 aaseball V5 USIU (2) ' 12 noon 
Men'. and Women'. Crew V5 Loyola 8 am 

Sun. Apr. 30 

at Mission Bay 
Women's Soccer V5 Soccrateers 
Sailing lis PCIYRA at Mission Bay 
Women's Crew vs UCSB at 
Mission Bay 

Campus Wide 
Elections!!! 

9am 
9am 
8am 

May 2nd and 3rd 
For more Information contact your 
college dean's office or call the Elections 
Committee at Ext. 4450. . 

SOPHOMORES JUNIORS 
FLIGHT PLAN FOR YOUR FUTURE WITH AVROC 

[Aviation Reserve Officer Candidate) A ColleRe Prolll'am of the Navy 
Will you start out as a professional in the field of your choici rillht after collete? Or 
like so many others these days, will you be forced to find just any old job until thl 
one you've been educated for comes alonR? 
Suppose On the other hand you could step Immediately into a Rood·payinR [$12,5001 
to start and S20,500 in 4 yearsl, Ixcitillll job that you blllan traininR for (with payl 

~urillll summer vacation lIetw"n YOllr Junior and Senior years? 
This is the way of AVROC, a oncI..jn·a-lifetiml opportunity waitillll for coll"I 
SOPHOMORES, and JUMORS with somethinR on the ball. 
AVROC II1NIIS excitement and chaillop and a way to spend lour to five Y.I IS a 
Naval Aviation Officer. Trawlllllll, flyillll, .ainlllll seH-confidence in a world of 
professionals. 
It's challqin( to qualify for the AVROC Proeram. It takes above·averap health 
(you don't need 20/20 visionl, intelliRence, stamina and drive to makl it. Because 
flyin. modem jet aircraft is.a demandinR profession, physically, mentally and 
spiritually, you don't find any kids drivlnR NAVY planes. 

YOU MAY APPLY WITHOUT OBUGATIONI 
For more information contact: the Navy Information Team tor Officer Plolrams at UCSD CarMr 
Plannina and PlolFement Office. ApIII 2!>-26. 10 am·2 pm. or calilT. John Chalker at 293·6444. 

Monday. AprIl 24,1'71 triton ~mes 

S'ports 
The sights of spring sports 



Mond y 
ITT Defense Co munlcation. : Interviews . For further 

iIlfonnation and to m ke an appointment, contact Career Planning 
and Placement Offic e Building B. Student Center Complex. 

1-, 1Ul: Meditatio tenter of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Frde. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for infonnatioll. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

• am-5 pm: Writin, Clinic - Help with course papers. For 
appointment call452-'~. 1254 H-L. Free. 

10 am: Special marine Chemistry Seminar, SCripps Institution of 
Oceanography. Speaker: Dr. Yukio Sugimara, Meterological 
Research Institute, Tokyo, Japan. Subject: "On the chemical forms 
of minor elements in the ocean." 2145 Ritter Hall, SIO. 

10 am .. pm: Math/Physics Clinic - drop-in help in math, physics, 
statistics and economics. No appointment necessary. 4070 USB. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

12 DOOD-I pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information . Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gynastics, South Balcony. 
12 noon-4 pm: Biology/Chemistry Clinic drop-in help in biology and 

chemistry. No appointment necessary . 4010 USB. 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Revelle: Wht Can Your Humanities or Social 

Sciences Major Do For You? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to discuss options. Please call 452-3490. 
Revelle Provost Office. 

3-4: 30 pm: Informal Seminar with Landon Gilkey, professor of 
theology, University of Chicago. "Religion and Science: Conflict or ' 
Dialog?" Student Center North Conference. 

4: 00 pm: High Energy Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Michael 
Shaevitz, Cal Tech. Topic: p,roduction of Single and Di·Muons by 
Protons at Fermilab. Location: HL 1148. 

4-5 pm: Karate. West Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Table Tennis. Rec . ConL Room. 
5-5:45: Conditioning Workshop. Wrestling Room. 
5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
5:30-7 pm: Be\1y Dance. West Balcony. 
6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. Student CEnter, 2nd floor. 
6-9 pm: Biology/Chemistry Clinic drop-in help in biology and 

chemistry. No appointment necessary. 4010 USB. 
6-9 pm: Math/Physics CHnic. Drop-in help in math, physics, 

statistics and economics. No appointment necessary. 4010 USB. 
7 pm: Gay Students Association Potluck/meeting. Music, food an 

conversation! Everyone welcome! North Conference Roo Free. 
7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
8 pm: "Religious Dilemmas of Scientific Culture: ' lecture by Dr. 

Langdon Gilkey, at 2622 USB. 
8-11 pm: Israeli Dance. Rec. ConL Room. 
8 pm-ll pm: Associated Students Free Movie - "The FirstMenon 

the Moon." Free. HSS 1305. 
8-11 pm: Israeli Folk Dancing. Instruction 8-9 pm, free dancing 9-11 

pm. Rec. Gym Conference Room. Free. 

Tuesday 
State Farm Insurance Companies: Interview. For further 

information and to make an appointment, contact Career Planning 
and Placement Office, Building B, Student Center Complex. 

Aid, International Development Intern Program: Interview. For 
further information and to make an appointment, contact Career 
Planning and Placement Office, Building B, Student Center 
Complex. 

US Navy: Interview. For further information and to make an 
appointment, contact Career Planning and Placement Office 
Building B, Student Center Complex. ' 

~7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free. 

10 am-2 pm: Revelle Open House - find out how Revelle really 
runs. Meet the students presently running the college and find out 
how you can take charge next year. P .S. They'll be munchies. Revelle 
Community Center. 

10 am-4 pm: Math/Physics Clinic - drop-in help in math , physics, 
statistics and economics. No appointment necessary. 4070 USB. 

Open 10 amoS pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons , next to S & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

12 noon·1 pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation . Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12 noon-l: 15 pm: Hot Band' Noon concert sponsored by the Student 

Center. Rock ' n roll performance by " Fluke." Between the gym and 
the Student Center 

12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: Gymnastics . South Balcony. 
12 noon-4 pm: Bio~bgy/Chemistry Clinic. Drop-in help in biology 

and chemistry. No appointment necessary. 4010 USB. 
12: 30-2 pm: S.'x Clinic. For individuals or couples seeking 

information or cOJnseling about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates , 
facilitator . Call Yolanda at x3490 for information and to sign up . 
Revelle Counselin~ OffIce, at Rev~lI Provo t ' . Office. 

2:00 pm: Solid State Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Rob rt 
Palmer, I.R .T . C rporation . Topic : Further Adventures in 
Methanation Catalysis. Location: APM 2250. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Muir: What Can Your Humanities or Social 
Sciences Major D( or You ? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be a" liable to discuss options . Muir Apts . Lounge . 
Please call 452-3587. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: What Can You Do With Your Major? 
Engineering, Math and Phy ical Science, Advisor Maxin Bailey 
will be available to discus option. Call 452-4390. Third Provo t 
Office . 

4 pm: Chemical Plysic. Semin r . Speaker: Dr. K.J . MyS I , 
General Atomic ompnay, La Jolla . Topic: " Solvent Tension or 
Solvent Dilution: Which Gives a Simpl r Explanation oC Osmoti 
Pre ure? " Location: 2622 SB. 

hat's On 4/24-4/30 
4-4: 3G pm: If the prospect of having a certain L.A. Police Chief as 

Governor doesn' t appeal to you, come and help us organize a group to 
work for Jerry Brown and other democrats this Spring and Fall. It 
can be fun and interesting. Student Center East Conference Room. 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 
H pm: National Alliance Against Racist and Political Repression. 

Meeting to organize to free the Wilmington 10. Everyone welcome. 
International Center. 

5-7 pm: Fencing. North Balcony. 
6 pm: Women's Center meeting. New members always welcome. 

Women's Center. 
6 pm: Union of Jewish Students planning meeting. Come find out 

what's going on, and partiCipate in it's planning . Student Center 
above EDNA. 

6-9 pm: Biology/Chemistry Clinic. Drop-in help in biology and 
chemistry. No appointment necessary. 4010 USB. 

6-9 pm: Math/Physics Clinic· Drop-in help in math . physics, 
statistics and economics . No appointment necessary. 4070 USB. 

6: 30 pm: Slide show and narration of the Easter Break ski trip by 
trip members. Rec . Gym Conference Room. 

6: 30 pm: Outing Club. Slide show and narration ofthe Easter Break 
ski trip by trip members. Rec. Conl. Room. 

7 pm: Students for Supportive Allopathic Study. The people who 
care, is having an important short meeting. All pre-meds are 
welcome and strongly encouraged to attend . We would love to see 
you. Student Center East Conference Room. 

7-9: 30 pm: How to Complete Applications (AMCAS, AADSAS, 
ASSCOMAS) . Meeting will take place in J-I&SS 1130. 

7 pm-9:30 pm: Personal Growth Group. Sign up in Health Science 
Office. 

7-10 pm: Preventative Medicine Series: Nutrition. H&SS 1330. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
8 pm: Atomic Cafe - forum for com posers and performers . 

Location: Recital Hall. 
8 pm: UCSD Drama Department presents Alice . a new musical by 

William Glover, adapted in rhyme from Lewis Carroll's classic 
"Atice in Wonderland." Location: UCSD Theatre. Admission : 
Students: $2.50, General: $3.75. Tickets may be purchased at the 
UCSD Theatre Ticket Office, weekdays from 12 noon-4 pm. 452-4574. 

8-10:30 pm: Bella Abzug, one time congress person, outspoken 
advocate of women's rights and a major contemporary political 
figure will lecture on the International Women's Year. Mandeville 
Auditorium . Admission: UCSD student $1.00, other $2 .50. Sponsored 
by University Events/ Mandeville Lectures . 

Wednesday . 
6-7 am: Meditation Center of UCSD prov ides a setti ng Cor silent 

sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - help with course papers. For 
appomtment call 452-2522. 1254 HL. Free . 

JO-2: 30 pm: The UCSD Job Connection Workshop - find out how 
your personal skills and motivations are directly employed in 
hundreds of jobs. Sign up at Career Planning or call 452-3490 . Revelle 
Formal Lounge. 

10 am-4 pm: Math/Physics Clinic . Drop·in help in math, physics, 
statistics and economics . No appointment necessary . 4070 USB. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone 452-2167. 

Noon: UCSD Single Parents Group meets Wednesday from noon to 
1 pm in Revelle Informal Lounge to discuss topics such as " 38 Gning 
on 17", sexuality, children in transition, letting go of the past, the 
dating game and single parenting. Bring a sack lunch and join the 
interaction . All faculty, staff, students and community single parents 
are welcome. 

12 noon: AMES 205, Seminar No. 4, Film Series. Film: "Fusion: 
The Energy Promise," Parts I and II . 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 

12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD 'provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation . Free. Instruction provied , if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information . Location : Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12 noon : Biophysics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. JOe H. Steinback, Salk. 
Topic: Function of Muscle Acetycholine Receptors. Location: MH 
3405. 

12-1 pm: Conditioning. Wrestling Room . 
12-2 pm , 4-6 pm: Gymnastics . South Balcony. 
12 noon-4 pm : Biology/Chemistry Clinic. Drop·in help in biology 

and chemistry . No appointment necessary. 4010 USB. 
1-1: 30 pm: Job Hunting Tactics: A workshop where you 'll learn the 

Cundamentals of the job hunt, including resume writing and job 
interview practice. Vice-chancellor's Conference Room , Bldg. B, 
Student Center. 

2 pm: Former Hindu Guru Rabindranith Maharaj speaks on the 
dangers of Ea tern Mysticism, TM, Yoga, Eckencar. Informal 
Lounge of Revelle College. Free. 

2: 00 pm: Special High Energy Physics Seminal' . Speaker: Dr. 
Arthur Jaffe, MIT. Topic: G uge Field and Confinement. Location: 
MH 3405. 

2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Warren : What Can Your Humanities or Social 
Science Major Do For You ? Michael Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will b available to discus options . Pleas call 452-4355. 
Warren Provost Office. 

3 pm: Planing meeting of Economic and Managem nt Science 
Students Association . Economic D pt. Lounge 3rd Floor Hall. 

4 pm : Marine Chemi try Eminar , Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography . p ake:r: Dr . Andrej Mis iolek, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography . Subject: "Single atom detection: an as e ment of 
techniques and potential a pplications ." 307 Vaughan Aquar-
Museum . 

4 pm: CSD New Poetry Serie : Jerome Mazzaro reading his 
poetry . Revelle Formal Lounge. 

4-5 pm: Karate. We t Bal ony . 
5 pm: Tabl Tenr.i . R c. onf. Room . 

4-5 pm: Health Exp ri nc Laming Program (HELP) - Home 
~irth . M >ting will t ke place in H&SS 1305. 

5 pm: Jazz Dance. West Balcony. 

5-5: 45 pm: Conditioning WCllrkl""f'~tllin~ 
5-6 pm: Let's Talk Law 

question and answer. er."eshml"."'rrlatlio. 
6 pm: Bicylce MiU(lllel~arlce 

gears, brakes, etc. Bike 
6 pm: Ballet Folklorico. 
6-9 pm: Math/Physics Clinic 

statistics and economics. No 
6-9 pm: Biology/Chemistry 

chemistry, No appointment 
6-10 pm: Ballroom Dance. n.t:'~I~UL'" 
7-8 pm: The Church of Jesus tter·Day Saints has an 

Institution of Religion building of Tenaya Hall (a ' 
little white house). This church name and is built 
upon the fullness of His Gospel. Class and study the 
New Testament. 

Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the to turn to for info and rap. 
Located in Muir Commons, "~'~' . .. .nme. Phone: 452-2167 . 

7: 30 pm: " The Uniqueness rist in a World of Religious 
Pluralism", by UCSD John Huber. University· 
Community Church, 9595 Drive. 

8 pm: UCSD Drama Alice. See Tuesday April 
25 at 8 pm for detai ls . 

Thursd 
IBM Corporation: Interview : r information and to make 

an a ppointment, contact :a r,pp. lnirll:1 and Placement Office, 
Building B, Student Center 

Linkabit Corporation: r further information and to 
make an appointment, ... v ....... , Planning and Placement 
Office, Building B. ,;)lU'Ut:1I 

6-7 am: Meditation ·des a setting for silent 
sitting meditation. if desired . Call 755-
5995 for information . Meditation office , Student 
Center. 

9 am-2 pm: Give the " Gift of the bloodmobile. To make it 
more convenient for all volu'JlLI:aI.' ", the bloodmobile from the 
San Diego Blood Bank will be Institution of Oceanography. 
Anyone in good health between of 18 and 65 may donate . 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic with course papers . For 
appointment call 452-2522 . 1254 

10-11 am or 11 am-2 pm: Can You Do With Your 
Major? Engineering, Math , Advisor Maxine 
Bailey will be available to . Ca ll 452-4355. Warren 
Provost. 

10 am-4 pm: Math /Physics rop-in help in math, physics, 
statistics and economics. No nt necessary. 4070 USB. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

11 am-2 pm: Everybody is Cultural Awareness Day! 
There will be "live" music. foods for sale; cultural 
entertainment and songs, a 10 and fun for all under the 
sun. Third (;ollege Commons. 

12 noon: Noon Concert. LU'l:dl.'''IIr-;'''''' Hall. Sponsored by Music 
Dept. 

12 noon-l pm: Meditation UCSD provides a setting for 
silent sitting meditation. Free. provided , if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information . Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

12-2 pm: Conditioning. Wrest.lom 
12-2 pm, 4-6 pm: 
12 noon-4 pm: UI()IOI~YI ;ne:m .... lIIllc. Drop-in help in biology 

and chemistry. No a ppoin ry. 4010 USB. 
2-3 pm or 3-4 pm: Third: Your Humanities or Social 

Sciences Major Do For You ? Hulfachor the H&SS Career 
Advisor will be available to options. Please call 452-3490. 
Building 412, Room 13. 

3 pm: Target Study Skills: Preparation. Warren Bldg. 
406 . 

3: 30 pm: Astrophy ics Seminar. Speaker: Mr. 
Peter Young, CIT. Topic: Su ' ve Black Holes in Galactic 
Nuclei. Location: TLH 104. 

K . Wall 

Ah, pring, wh n a yClung 
rolls in from Lo Angel s -
burning. And so the nveruge 
and their mind repressed · 

Dear Kay. Can flu hing 
any plumbing problems? 

DearKill rB . Don 'tfret , 
a flu h foilet anyway , that 
this a umptiCln) a lways 
shouldn't talk about it. anywu 
that ultu re was the result of 

turn to fancy and the smog 
so weeUy, when still it is 
sex lives are hypothetical 

ovcly . 
lac lies down the toilet cause 

3:30-5 pm: ate roup - This group for graduate 
students will focus on interpersonal and social concerns. Dan Munoz 
and Susan Hauer, facilitators . For additional information and to sign 
up call Dan Munoz at x3585. 2105 Humanities & Social Sciences 
Building. 

4-5 pm: Weight Maintenance G roup. This group will use a behavior 
modification approach toward maintaining desired weight. It will 
include re·learning of eating patterns, and behaviors associated with 
food and eating will be taught. Sharing of solutions, group problem· 
solving and discussion will go on . 412 Warren Campus. 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 
4:6 pm: Yoga. Adaptive Room. 
6 pm: Advanced Bicyle Maintenance Class . For the slightly skilled 

bike rider/mechanic - fix your own bike . BikeShop, Student Center. 
Free. 

6-9 pm: Math/ Physics Clinic. Drop-in help in math, physics, 
statistics and economics. NCo appointment necessary . 4070 USB. 

6-9 pm: Biology/Chemistry Clinic. Drop-in help in biology and 
chemistry. No appointment necessary . 4010 USB. 

6: 30-11 pm: Atomic Cafe Fund Raising Dinner - fund raising 
dinner for the Music Dept's Atomic Cafe, Composers Forum and 
Traveling Show. Entertainment will be provided by the Atomic CaCe 
Ensemble . Location: International Center . Admission: UCSD 
student $2 .50, other $3.00. 

7 pm: Surf Club meeting. APM 2250. 
7-9 pm: Juggling. Rec. Conf. Room. 
7 pm and 9: 15 pm . showings: Movie: "Shampoo." USB 2722. 

Admission: $1.25. Sponsored by F . House, Muir College. 
7-10 pm: Fencing. West Balcony. 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 

LOcated in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
7: 15-9 pm: Documentary Film: " Puerto Rico" , sponsored by 

Committee for World Democracy. TLH 104. Free. 
7: 30 pm: Film: " Puerto Rico." The lamest of President Ford's 

" Lame Duck" moves was to propose statehood for this island colony. 
Find out why. TLH 104 . Free . 

8 pm: Geological Sciences Seminar, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography .. Speaker: Richard H. Jahns, Stanford University. 
Subject: " Pegmatite genesis." IGPP Conference Room, SIO . Free. 

8 pm: UCSD Drama Department presents Alice. See Tuesday, 
April 25 at 8 pm for details. 

8 pm·12 midnight: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments , and activities that encourage interaction. Phone: 452-
3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

10: 30 pm: Ice Hockey. Mira Mesa House of Ice. 

Friday 
Sigr.·Up: Magnavox will interview Computer Science a nd M~th 

majors. Sign up at Career Planning and Placement or call 452-3750. 
Student Center Building B. 

6-7 pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting (or silent 
sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided, if desired. Call 755-
5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 
Center. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - help with course papers. For 
appointment call 452-2522 . 1254 HL. Free. 

10-11 am or 11 am-12: Revelle: What Can You Do With Your Major? 
Engineering, Math and Physical Science, Advisor Maxine Bailey will 
be avai lable to discuss options. Call 452-3490. Revelle Provost. 

10 am-4 pm: Math·/ Physics Clinic. Drop-in help in math, physics, 
statistics and economics. No appointment necessary. 4070 USB. 

Open 10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and 
rap. Located in Muir Commons, next to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 

10: 15 am: Ice Skating. Ice Capades Chalet. 
12 noon-l pm: Meditation Center of UCSD provides a setting for 

silent sitting meditation. Free. Instruction provided , if desired. Call 
755-5995 for information. Location: Zen Meditation office, Student 

C~te~ . 
12-1 pm: Weight Maintenance Group. This group will use a 

behavior modification approach toward maintaining desired wei~ht. 

seriously, just before I crushed it to its bitter death, of course. 
Anyway, what was I ju t talking about? Well, it wasn ' t important 
anyway. except that I'm constantly repeating myself. But everything 
comes out different 'cause my remembering changes. Prophylactics 
are interesting. The inventor oC latex never understod that his could 
rcully mean for t he future of mankind - pleasure without 
responsibility - the possibilities become mind boggllng. 

Roto·Rooter . wh n asked this que tion. promptly hung up the phone, 
so we never were able to get a real answe r . 

P .S. They think you're sick. 
_ Dear Mis Wally, What kind of deal i the alleged God making in 

hina? Doesn't he know that the best pros are "made in Japan? " Or 
doe h enjoy eating mandarin orange with hi pring flings? Is he 
seeking a new adventure (insert heavy sigh from Killer Bee, moaning 
in the corner facing the sun and repeating the ael while turning to the 
four corners of the rounded oval) or ha he exhausted the exten ive 
ex tent of his prodigal princely prances? Oh, where are the female of 
yesteryear? Signed, the deserted and disenheartened dish room do-
er ... 

Dear DDDD. (what a boring mime) Why do you think Paul Saltman 
went to China? We will report on this as the results come in . By the 
way . why I)a nobody answered that et rnat qu tion asked long ago, 
well a k d last quarter anyway. but quarters are only ten week long, 
of what i UCSD doing to prepare for the sun' expansion. we hear in 
about a billion years or 0 , to en ompas even our own little earth? 

Dear Harvey Rabbit, Why don ' t you shave more often? Are you a 
hippy or something worse left over from the 60s? 

- I love you always anyway, God 
Dear God . Haven 't you heard of the nibbling nubile nanny who 

disp nsed neopenthan to th not-so - oh, well, never mind , while 
ILme/you/they perche her al thi mom nt reciting hi tory, God j 
above u !!! ount 5 lin upward!!! Man/ woman/ plantimal will be 
aved! !!! Order is good . th hierarchy will prevail! !! Ari . cast your 

doubt from ye - but ala . why mu t these que tion po e a qu tiCln· 
que tion? For instance, what does China have to do with April IS?? It 
is these questions. <I lm<lUer God, not those lowly canines, mu t 
fJrevokc and 0 cu OUI' 

It will include re· learning of eating patterns, and'1le'havlOrs 
associated with food and eating will be taught. Sharing of solutions, 
group problem·solving and di cussion will go on. 4J2 Warren 
Campus. 

12: 05 pm : Marine Biology Seminar, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. Speaker: Dr. Gary McCracken, Post Doc, UcSv . 
Subject: "Social organization and genetic paternity studies in the 
polygynous bat Phyllostomus hastatus." 4500 Marine Biology Bldg. 

. 12-2 pm. 4-6 pm: Gymnastics. South Balcony . 
12 noon-4 pm: Biology/Chemistry Clinic. Drop-in help in biology 

and chemistry. No appointment necessary. 4010 USB. 
1 pm: TheSociety of Physics Students presents Dr. John Malmberg 

speaking on Electron Plasmas. Note change in location: MH 5237. 
2 pm: UCSD Department of Political Science announces a lecture 

- "Giscardism: An Interpretation" by Professor Pierre Birnbaum, 
Visiting Professor, Department of Political Science, UC Davis (on 
leave from University of Paris) . Revelle Informal Lounge. 

4-5 pm: Karate. North Balcony. 
4-6 pm: Table Tennis. Rec. ConL Room. 
5 pm-midnight: Need a quiet, supportive place to study on Friday 

nights? Students for Supportive Allopathic Study (SSAS) will open 
Garren Auditorium, BSB H05, to all UCSD students as a study hall on 
Fridays from 5 pm-12 midnight. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

7 pm: " Nutrition Update: Living Healthier", a UC San Diego 
Extension program with experts discussing nutrition in ca.ncer 
prevention and therapy, nutrition in physical fitness , diet and heart 
diesease and dieting 1978. 7-10 pm, Fri. and 9 am-4 pm, Sat. Rm. 1110. 
Psychology & Linguistics J3ldg ., Muir Campus, UCSD. Fee: $45. 
Bring bag lunch Saturday: Health drink available. 

7 pm: " The OK Family (Transactional Analysis Family Training) 
- A Weekend Cor the Whole Family", to develop listening skills, have 
fun together, and learn to solve problems in creative ways. A UC San 
Diego Extension program. 7-10 pm, Fri. and 9 am-4 pm Sat. North 
Conference Room , Student CEnter, Cluster Center. UCSD. Fee: $35 
per adult. Children age 10 and older may attend at no extra charge if 
accompanied by one or more adults. Bring bag lunch Saturday. 
Coffee and punch available. 

8 pm: UCSD Drama Department presents Alice. See Tuesday April 
25 at 8 pm for details. • 

8 pm: " Transcendental Meditation: What It Is, What It Does, and 
How It Works", a UC San Diego Extension course, will focus on latest 
findings on effects of TM on physiology, health, psychology, 
sociology and on new developments in human potential. 8 pm, Fri. 
Rm. 107, Third Lecture Hall Bldg., Third College Campus, UCSD. 
Fee: $5, $2 ,50. all students with valid IDs . 

8 pm-12 midnight: The Outback Care is a comfortable gathering 
place for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments and activities that encourage interaction. Phone: 452-
3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

Saturday 
11 am: Third College Program Board is sponsoring a picnic at La 

Jolla Shores. Free hamburgers, drinks softball volleyball - fun 
provided. Location: La Jolla Shores (gr~ssy are~) . 

Catholic. Mass. Unlversity·Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dnve. 

5 pm-12 midnight: ~eed a quiet place to study on Saturday night? 
Students for SupportIve AII?pathlC Study, a student organization 
open to all UCSD students, Will open Garren Auditorium BSB 1105 as 
a study hall on Saturday nights. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

7 pm.: " Nutrition Update: Living Healthier," a UC San Diego 
ExtenSl?n program with experts discussing nutrition in cancer 
preventIOn an~ t~eraphy, nutrition in physical fitness , diet and heart 
dIsease, and dlet~ng 1.97~. 7-10 pm Fri. and 9 am-4 pm, Sat. Rm:1.lIO 
Psychology &- LmgUlstlcs Bldg. , Muir Campus, UCSD. Fee: $45. 
Bring bag lunch Saturday. Health drink available. 

7 pm: " The OK Family (Transactional Analysis Family Training) 
- A Weekend Cor the Whole Family", to develop listening ski Us, have 
CU.n together and learn to solve problems in creative ways. A UC San 
Diego Extension program. 7-10 pm Fri. and 9 am-4 pm Sat. North 
Conference Room, Student Center, Cluster Center, UCSD. Fee; $35 
per adult. ~hildren age 10 and older may attend at no extra charge if 
accompamed by one or more adults . Bring bag lunch Saturday 
Coffee and punch available. . 

8 pm: UCSD Drama Department presents Alice. See Tuesday 
April 25 at 8 pm for details. ' 

8 pm-12 midnight: ~he Outbac~ Cafe is a co~fortable gathering 
place for students w~l~h. offers mghtly entertamment, a variety of 
refreshments and activItIes that encourage interaction . Phone: 452-
3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

Sunday 
8: 30 am: Catholic Mass. University·Community Church. 
10 am: Bach Music Festival, sponsored by Lutheran Campus 

Ministry, Ceaturing vocalists and instrumentalists from UCSD. 
University·Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

10:30 am: Catholic Mass. University-Community Church. 
12: 03 pm: Episcopal Eucharist. niversity-Community Church, 

9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
1 pm: Center for Psychological Revolution. Introductory " ideo-

discussion programs on a new way to organize life. 1529 Hornblend 
Street, Pacific Beach. 273-4673. Free. 

S pm: Catholic Mas . Univer ity-Community Church. 
6-9 pm: Biology/Chemistry Clinic. Drop-i help in biology and 

chemistry . No appointment necessary. 4010 USB. 
6-9 pm: Math / Physic Clinic. Drop-in help in math, phy ic , 

stati tic and economics. No appointment necessary . 4070 USB . 
Open 7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to tLrn to for info and rap. 

Located in Muir Common , n xt to 5 & Dime. Phone: 452-2167. 
8 pm: UCSD Drama Department pr ent Ii< e. e Tu day April 

25 at 8 pm for details. 
8-10 pm: Butch Lacy String Quartet. Man viii uditorium. 

Admis ion: UCSD tudent$2.00,oth r $3.00. pon ored by Univer ity 
Events and M"u ic Department. 

8 pm-12 midnight : Th Outback afe i a comfortabl gath ring 
plac for tud nt which off r nightly ent rtainm nt, a . tyof 
refre hments, and activiti s that encourag int raction. Telephone: 
452-3092 (evening) for updated program information. 711 Warr n 
Campu . Free. 



...... 

AROVND THE WORLD 
INM'ANY WAYSI 

Arts/Entertainment ~----~~~~~~~~~~~ 
CaD Toll-Fre.eJ anytime for your FREE 1~78 
Travel cataue, the mpst comprehensive 
travel directo y ever published. Over 5000 
charters list d, escorted tours, air/sea 
cruises, mini vacations. 
Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

... Client Protection 
Vnited California Traveline, Inc. 

UC MIn OlelO University [nnts omce 
presents 
the 

"Alic'e": An upbeat musical 

-a strin~ quartet and a jazz quartet making 
beautiful music together. 

April 30, Sunday, 8:00 pm UCSD St. 52.00, G.A. 53.00 
Mandeville Auditorium UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

by Jill Louise Bazeley 
ThOse laced-up supporters of 

the true literary faith would not 
agree with me when I say that 
the UCSD Theatre's current 
production , "Alice", is not a 
bastardization. Nor would I go 
along with the drama depart-
ment's statement that "Alice" 
is "an upbeat musical re-
creation of lewis Carroll's. 
classic." Upbeat and musical it 
is, but Carroll's unforgetable 
work is definitely not re-
created. 

Neither is "Alice" a complete 
travesty. Adapted by William 
Glover from "Alice in Wonder-
land" "Alice" is at best or 
worst: a lame love:child: it 'is a 
thoroughly enjoyable. uninter-
rupted piece of well-performed 
and well-designed fantasy 
theatre that is marred only by 
fundamental weaknesses of 
composition such as unlikely 
rhymes and simplistic mel-
odies. 

Not heinll in a very bad mood 
the night I saw" Alice " , I 
neglected to jot down some 

Wow! Montezuma Snowblasf with Fresca: 
It brings out the animal in you. 

Over ice or snow add 1 oz. of ~ontezurria 
Tequila, to delicious Fresca. It's a chiller! 
0 1978.80 prod Mont~ma T~quila . Distilled and bottI~d by Barton Disti ll~ rs Import Co .• New York. N.Y. 
"Frese. Is e registered tr.demark d the Coce-<:oIe Company. _ 

exemplary revolting rhymes, 
but I did Dote that, with one 
exception, the musical com-
plexity of the play aims no 
higher than the lowest Gilbert 
and Sullivan. The exception is 
the song "Father William " 
which is sung in lovely 
harmony and counterpoint by 
Sandra Franklin (Alice) and 
Denise Donato (Caterpillar) . 

Performance is what makes 
this "Alice" good . Glover's 
inventive three-dimensional 
playground blocking and 
Margaret Marshall's charming 
choreography are executed by 
the entire ensemble with a 
flexible skillfulness that 
overcomes both the textual 
difficulties and the musical 
simpliCities . This group of 
actors works so well together 
that it woulrl seem impossible 
to single out exceptional 
performances, yet each actor 
m his own way adds h.ighlights 
to the rest of the production . 

Alice , of course, is the 
character that remains 
foremost in my mind , yet I 
think it is not Alice that 
impressed me so much, but 
Franklin's ingenuous portrayal 
of her. Furthermore, anyone 
expecting an Alice with long 

1M golf •.• 
(Continued from page .. 

. which bares only vauge 
resemblance to Pebble Beach's 
Spyglass course, begins by the 
east sundeck of the Muir 
Apartments and ends on the 
grass area by the upper Muir 
Quad . 

Sign-ups are being conducted 
at the intramural office and 

blonde hair will be more than a 
little surprised by this young 
lady, for she is black. I don ' t 
think this casting choice 
merely resonates the idea 
behind "The Wiz" , for all the 
other members of the ensemble 
are white. Rather, Franklin's 
color serves to make a distinct 
contrast between her Alice and 
the madness of the rest of the 
characters - Madhatter , 
Humpty-Dumpty and Tweedle-
dee, to name a few . 

Jeanne Hickerson Paulsen as 
the Queen of Hearts/Red Queen 
(they are combined into one 
character) has some of the best 
lines in the play and she 
executes them with an imperial 
acuity: "Off with his head! 
Well, if you prefer, off with his 
butt - I'm flexible - different 
strokes for different folks ." 
Another memorable perfor-
mance is given by Catherine 
O'Connell in the roles of both 
Tweedledum and the Dodo . 
O'Connell is funny, and she is 
clever. In the song/mime "The 
Walrus and the Carpenter", 
she combines her natural 
comicalness with an agility of 
both vocal and bodily move-
ment , and the result is 
hilarious . 

those wlshmg to be ca<l<lIes for 
this prestigous event can stop 
by the first tee of either course 
four hours prior to the first tee-
hour. Caddies for the winning 
golfers receive no money and 
the satisfaction they carried 
around someone's frisbee for 
an entire morning . 

KFM-98 Pments 

in concert GORDON 
LIGHTFOOT 

Plus: 
Mimi Farina 

SUN., MAY 14 
6:00 & 9:30 P.M. 
Civic Theatre 

Tickets: $8.50, $7.50 

On sale at Center Box OffiCI, Bill Gambll's Men's 
Stores, all Sellct·A-Seat OuUlts. 

• Produced by Artist Consultants 

Arts/Entertainment 
X-Ray Spex: An unusual view 

by Mikel Toom .. 
X-Ray Spex - "Ob Bonda,e UP. 
Yours! "/"I'm am a Cliche' 
(Virgin twelve-incb import) . 

Tbe twelve-incb single, 
usuall)' featuring two (and 
sometimes only one) songs 
per disc, was popularized by 
AmericaD record companies 
wanting to claim a largercbunk 
of disco fana' seeminly 
limitless supply of disposable 
income, while presumably 
captializing on the discophile's 
reluctance to handle small 
objects. The singles al80 
quickly caught on in England, 
with companies there using 
limited pressings of them to 
promote various new releases. 
Fans bought the records for 
their uniqueness and their 
value as collector's items (plus 
their snob value - one 
comment: "Yippee, another 
twelve-inch single to make my 
LP collection look real thick 
and contemporary! ") How-
ever, with scattered exceptions 
(fifties freak Robert Gordon 
has a cute twelve-inch - one 
side plays at 45 rpm, the other 
at 78) the large-format single is 
a waste of buyers ' money 
(some cost up to three and even 
four dollars) and the record 
companies' vinyl. 

The seven-inch pressing of 
England's X-Ray Spex's debut 
single is next to impossible to 
find, but here is one release that , 
is worth the extra cost of a 
twelve-inch single. Released 
with virtually no fanfare , the 
record showcases a band ~ith 

an UDusual viewpoint aDd a 
just-as-unusual way of express-
ing It. 

" Ob Bondage Up Yours!" 
begins innocently enough, with 
Poly Styrene giggling, then 
saying in her best adolescent 
VOice, "Some think little 

girls should be seen and not 
heard, butl think ... Oh Bondage 
Up Yours! " and the race is on. 
The band plays very fast in the 
best punk tradition ; unfor-
tunab'ly . it is mostly lost in 
the mix . That is, all the ins-
truments but the saxophone 

EWS BRIEFS 
Policy may regulate profs' consulting 

The Universityor'Ca lifornia is considering a policy that would require all 
faculty to notify their department heads in advance of engaging in an} 
outside professional activity for which remuneration would be received . 

The policy has been distributed for comment within the UC community. 
The final decision on the policy will become effective in the fall of 1978. 
Currently faculty members are not required to report any outsidE 
professional activity. 

The proposed policy urges faculty members to be sensiti,:e to 
" potential conflicts of interest that may be involved in their professIonal 
activities outside the university. For example, in public statements, 
especially those involving academic expertise, and in their teaching, 
faculty members should disclose outside professional co~mitments w~n 
it is necessary in order to avoid significant misunderstandmg by the public 
or by their students." 

The policy would apply only during those months covered by the 
professor's academic appointment. Most faculty have nIne-month 
appointments, with three months of the year not committed to UC service. 
Others have eleven-month appointments . 

If a professor violates the policy the department head would be required 
to make a report to the dean or other appropriate higher administrative 
officer when the case cannot be resolved at the departmental level. 

Penalties that would be levied against professors include: written 
censure, demotion or dismissal from the university. 

(Please tum to page 12) 

are - the sax is not your 
everyday punk instrument and 
it's played in a basic manner 
("basic" may be putting it too 
generously) that somehow 
seems appropriate. But Poly 
Styrene is the star of the band, 
pushing her vocal chords to the 
limit while singing ("singing " 
may be even more generous) 
such lines as " Thrash me/Bash 
me/Beat me to a pulp" and 
"Tie me/Bind me/Chain me to 
the wall II wanna be a slave for 
you all ." 

"I am a Cliche " is relatively 
reserved and not at all painful 
to listen to. It's also not as 
interesting as " Bondage", but 
there's a great nonsensical 
"Vama yama yama , ya ma 
yama yama/Boredom bore-
dom , boredom boredom " 
chorus and no let -up in 
Styrene's girlish enthusiasm . 

A closer look 
Poly Styrene is not very 

talkative about her past. It is 
known that she is half-black 
and half-white, and she admits 
to being 19 years old (though 
she sounds younger and seems 
older). She never cared much 
for the hard rock that compris-
es much of punkrock' s " roots"; 
the only rock singers she liked 
were Janis Joplin and Tina 
Turner, which makes as much 
sense as anything about 
someone who has said she 
didn't see a ny assoc iation 
between herself and all-gi rl 

(Please lDrn to page 10; 

Pregnn" Need Helpl 
MAke A decision· loth You 

.nct Your any all Iiv~ with. 
Free Counseint .nd Aid ' 
.....He L.utuo HOTLINE SlJ.l.IfE 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

lI.Jonen and AaYeIIe Program 800tcI present 

TESTING 

"LOW COST 
"CONFIDENTIAL 

·STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

·FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Blrt~ Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

Warren and Revelle 
Spring Semi-Formal 

Hot8I del Coronado 
Grand Ballroom 

April 29 9 pm-l am 

Tickets on sole at Box Office 
SS.OO - couple 
$4.00 - single 
For info call Jerrv at x43SS 

Mondey, AprtI 24, 1m 

All Styles & Colors 
Only $988 

"The Fit that Feels Good" 

... 
-

5887 University Ave 
(nxl. door 10 Ihe Cinerama Thealre) 

Phone 287-9160 
Hrs: Mon-Frl: 10-9 Sat: 10-6 Sun' 12-5 

TOLKIEN 
from 
AtoZ 
A ma.ter 

key to 
middle earth 

THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO 
MIDDLE·EARTH 
FROM THE HOBBIT TO THE SllMARILLION 

By ROBERT FOSTER 
Every character and place in Tolkien's epic fa nta· 
sies- listed alphabetically and described in deta il. A 

A must for all readers of J.R .R. Tolkien. 
I!l3]I $) 0.00 at your bookstore now. 
wal Published by Ballantine Books 
BOOK 

Office 01 Religious Affairs and the Revelle Program Board 
pre •• nl 

Lan.gdon 
Gilkey 

Prof.ssor of Theology 
University of Chicago 

3-4:30 pm today Informal Seminar 
"Religion & $cience: Conflict or Dialogue?" 

North Conference Room StUdent enter 

8 pm tonight Lecture 
"Rel igious Dilemmas of Scientific Culture" 

USB 2622 



..... '0 triton times 

Classifieds 

"If ye be willing and o~dient, 
ye shall eat the good of the 
land." Isaiah 

Christian Science Is baed on the 
Bible and Science and Hnlth 
with Key to the Scriptures by 
Mary aalter Eddy. Campus 
Cotinselors at UCSD are Plul 
and AMe Homund. can .!lJ-
!l217 for an .ppointment or 
telephone visit. 

--- --

personals 
Tired of pullina up ill university 85':' We are 
tryi .. to ..... nbe .... ellv. prot .. t ,roup C.II o.n 
or Illke It 455_ •• ytime. '4/241 

Rape and Sexual ......... 11 vlctlm.: let' ... t to the 
.ouree of ,hi. problem. Name. will be kepI 
coa/ldetltlal. P\eaae _tact !.au", Ridller.t the 
TrhoG Timet. P ...... W ·_ or .. 1_. (1/31 
"""lad out .u, rn8H. Rfvelle naa • improve on it. 
a-ne. Reftile I.lern. AppUcall ... deodllne Fri . 
4/21. Come 10 Revel .. Open Hou .. Tue. 4121 10-2 at 
R.v"" Community COnler for more inro. f4/24) 
Are you _III 01 tralllferrilll nexl year bee .. u .. 
yO" leel tbU UCSD I. Ilekln, .odally and 
academlcaUy. VOle lor G.ry M_r lor pre_nt. 
You won ' t be ,oln, anywhere next year! 

What Cia you do to ImproVflll.Mtent lite on c:ampua! 
~ the 1I_"Silv. '''Ie. We'll pick up the 
pfecft! 

!felr what the e.li,htened malle .. don'l .. U their 
rollowe ... TIll. Wed. 2 pm Revel" Pormallou ..... 
(4/ 141 

What you doD't know about TN can hun )Iou! Hear 
Rlbi Maharlli . rormer I"'" thl. Wed I pm Formal 
t.oun,. (4114) 

SUppOrt .wlmsuit optional at Black ', cltculaw init 
petition avail at Student Inro Center or nl·HOt , 
Malle SS to 10 per hourcollectinl,ilnaturn must be 

-

Campus Wide 
Elections!!! 

May 2nd and 3rd 
-

---

Residential Apartment Rates 
FAMILY Ie GRADUATES 

Effective July 1, 1977 
'FAMILY & GRADUATES 

Coast-Studio .. - .................... , $125.00 
1-Bdrm .............................. 155.00 
2-Bdrm .. . '.' ...................... . ... 168.00 
Mesa-2-Bdrm ......................... 183.00 
Campus-1-Bdrm ...................... 188.00 
2-Bdrm .......................... , ... 238.00 
3-Bdrm .............................. 280.00 

C.D. Tbanlul lor llki.,", to the moyie. But ._y .a. 
IT 10 purple?! 'JlXOOO etc , T'P K (4 ' 2 •• 

T ..... _ ... 01 R ••• I ... Run lor RCCA . AS Rep. 
Appl cltadllllt 4121. II .... inro.1 Revtl" Open Houae 
4/ 21 IH.I COmmUllily Ctr. (41141 
Who I"UU Revelle! Why can' t you! WNt thoM u..t 
do It Revelle Open H ..... Tile. 1"2 II Community 
Ctr. 14114, 

o..r Eye I'm nl"ered ~ou eyed me. TIle hell with 
my boob 1'1110 with you the 21th . Twlnl" .. (4 / 241 

The 'orm.1 at the cltl , the '.rlNl It the del. ~Ier 
.. t your llcketa 'or the (onnal al the del. (f / 241 

SiDI ... . Couplea: Enrich your .rotic U(eotyl. and 
reel .. (e about II . Wortlahop co-Ied by Or. Kaufman 
and Callly Guada,no. M.Ed. Comrortable p" •• .., 
home Saturday. April 21th. 11 :01-4:00. UlI,OO. 
Noncoenive. ~70.\ (4Iltl 

Bu.ted! YCK'U' liat.eMr'I ca n direct you to Ie.a) aid. 
StricUy coclidenlill. ~-44M 

The Kamel KDRP wit die Fri nite. Human dnnk 
humoD drink •• St . Plblo Chip Tum BHD accept 
ch.U ..... t4 / 241 

A New Ale Road Sho .... is romi .... locewr. Travel . 
Health. and Entertainment is our theme al we 
trayel to New Ale communities and happeni",!! 
In.., ... rted! Call Mlebael7tt· ISI4 or 74t-ZOIO eves 
after I ' 00. 

TeaT PIIIPAllATtOll 
I,.CIALIITI "lICE ,_ 

Vi.it Our Centers 
AIId Set For Your .. lf 

WIIf W. .... The Differ.net 
e.1I o.ys, Ev., , Weektnds 

San 0 iego Cent.r 
2180 Garnet A .... 

Pacific B •• ch 92109 

for sale' 
lt15 2SOc(' SUlUkIIHf1'e1 bikt". I()(xt ('Ondilmn. tJOO. 
l·,dl75S .... 113 ,,,n.1 
Surlboanil , ., " Brewer &cd <'GIld. 4t1I "1" SII .. 
lair cond "' •.•.. SOnt Ireal t'ond ,. mom oreve $71_ (4114) 

' 74 Honda Ci.le 51 .... mile. 4 opeed . v.ry ,oot! 
oondilon ,1_ Cail 481 ·'/WI or 753·7221 '4 / 261 

VW _I '61. Brand new r .... ory vw en,lne _25 
W ·I4Q 14/211 
Por sa .. : HP IS C.tcu"lOr. Call 453-_ . .uk (.r 
Larry. (41:111 

Double bed (or .ale Maltre .. and box ~rh\l' lood 
• firm . 10 call Mark or Ann 413·3029 ,412f) 
&4 Vlln •• new tI,...~ M" hatler ,. J.1t" tuned IlOO 
ClilllO-ll. 14m . . 

housing 
Rm (or Irad ma" '113. mo·ly. AP9240C o/r,co. 111 
x2124 e M S2U Urey. Avail immediately N'.IIne 
Junior. ,4/UI 

I.uxur) 3BH 1'1 1J:\ . In"nhou~' nC.lr rcslJ 0I.'il. 
Ion '~I1' 
,.' (Omale roomale wanted duratIon 6/ 11178 to'121(7t 
to share 1"'0 bedroom Spl. Call 571 ·1394 1412."1 

1·2 F room males wanled (own room, In a pt I milt 
• 'rum I 'CSD, pool. iauoo, u\·ail . May 6 ClIrol 4Sl-

1675 (4/ 26) 

Del Mar beach house tor renl sta rtJna-l ate June .. 
bfodrooms, year lease. call {213 1 491-1564 uHer' pm 
(T8A1 

X-~ay Spex ... 
(Continued from page 9) 
bands because , " I don ' t 
especiaily see myself as being a 
girl." She formed X-Ray Spex 
at the end of 1977 as a direct 
result of the example of the Sex 
Pistols, but her first musical 
love is not punk but reggae. 

" It's simple, natural , basic 
music ." Styrene explained 
over the phone from New York, 
where the band stayed during a 
recent brief visit to this 
country. " And some of the 
words say something. " 

Phone (71') 2~11 

Styrene is interested in songs 
that say something (and she 
writes all of X-Ray Spex 's 
material) , as evidenced by "Oh 
Bondage Up Yours!" Far from 
being the saga of kinky sex that 
first might be imagined, the 
song was inspired by "punks 
going around in bondage 
clothes or handcuffed together 
as a statement of feeling ... it's 
an 'Up Yours! ' toslavery." The 
concept of "slavery" as it 
exists in " the Modern World" is 
a theme that runs through 

, much of her work. Her sOQg 
titles include : "Artificial", 
"Genetic Engineering" ·(about 
cloning??) , · "Germ Free 
Adolescence" (about " being 
clean . .. and love and sex " ), 
"Prefabricated Icons ," 

t. nudear Navy. For physlO, 
ctlemlSlTy, eogI~ng and moth mojOn~ 

ovlslng along the bottom b!he fastest way to me top. 
Today', Navy operotes more rhon holf me reo<rOlS In 

,....-.-- America. Our nuclear training program Is the 
best anywhere. And nudear officers ~ 

rapldfy rhrough me ronks earning 
execultvelevel solor1e (stOrT Of $14,000)_ 

50. If you' relOoklng for a coret!!' 
anywhere in me 

nudear field, me 
Navy con give you 
me boost rhot ..... 111 
iend you right to 

!he top. 

• Of ony lCI...c. mop 
wtm 0 y.or 01 colaAvo 

ondphl"'cs 

Perhaps Styrene's most 
interesting observations 
concern the artificialness of 
much of life today. She 
describes " The Day the World 
Turned Dayglo" as a "play on 
plastic" - and of course her 
assumed name is also a "play 

Mander, AprIl 24, 1171 

Two UCSD unHr,rad. looilln. to ublt!1 two 
bet.room apt rOl" summer. C.II Jetr "1 4$3·1214 
eve-ni"", (4/21) 

BAJA. BEACH ABIN In pvl compound nr San 
Pellpe ... Baj.'. GulfCoaal2h .. Irom border. Creat 
beach, I .... i ... view S ... .,..1x Fum USl day 11131 
~UIt aak for lI.jor 14/ ltl 
Fem roomma~ •• eLect to live in lpacioul! bd, rm 
hou .. in 0.1 M.rZbIU tobekh A •• ill" 4I1 ·1132 
14/21) 

services 
PROPESSIOI'; ,\L TH ESIS I MAN t:SCRI PT 
TYPING: Exprneoc'ed: thorouahly f~milll.lr with 
.. II rorm , style requiremenu Rush Jobs {A('('epted. 
IBM Correct ina Selec·trlt' II 1~' pe~Titt.·r, DOJY ~ 
3JJ 1: e\'t.' , 58·2941 16/'. 

NEED A T,' PIST"' R(>3sonabh' ral~5 "''(~'I'It''n(-ed 
Cull a fter 12 lO · Kdlhit' 4!76 · 1It99 11 ( 9, 

Typing-t":':Pl'rlen('t.'<1 . rebuble . I't"~uunwhlt' Unt 
Corl't'i.'lfna St.'lt'(:trtt.· (,~JI IIn.Himl' .f.l.l.fJI;l7 ~1n. 
Olds ,6/ 91 

TYPING ~ IBM St,'Je...1r1('lenll V. 'J"h Ihe ' . PhD 
diSlSt"rt4JtlOns , lodltingi. HI"':,\1f J( "~~0656, 560-
'171. :t16-0t93ti ~'i2 f ilift~ ("" I 
Tutoring - C.dc.·uIUi. A1St"br4J. TrlB Anul IGeonu . 
Phys ic • . SI .ul s t lC'li Call hh :l87 ·47SI 15/201 ' 

Pro/e .. lonal Typi .. IBM Seleclric. E.penenced. 
Theses. manuSCri pts. reports Solana Beach. Gail 
411 ·7540 (M6/S ) 

Guitar lkssons ' Folk. modem. clailicil l on rampu 
I""allon . Call 4SS·9424 'SIS) 

(Please turn to page 11) 

on plastic." 
" I don 't really like writing 

about (plastic) but I think 
writing about fantasy is bad, 
you should write about things 
around you ." 

The future view 
Poly Styrene continues to 

maintain a "what happens , 
happens" attitude, which may 
account for the group's lack of 
publicity . It may also explain 
why they have so far com-
mited only three songs to vinyl 
(eve n though they have 
recorded an album's worth of 
material): the two on the single 
and the blistering rocker" Let's 
Submerge" on the just-

. released live Hope " Anchor 
FroD' Row..Fest.ival importLI?, 
Nonetheless, reaction to their 
performances (including a two 
night stand in New York at a 
packed CBGB's) has been 
overwhelming and, if "Let's 
Submerge" is any indication, 
for good reason. 

X-Ray Spex depend on Poly 
Styrene to make keen observa-
tions on life in the Modern 
World and they should continue 
to receive more and more 
attention as long as she can find 
slightly offbeat subjects to 
scrutinize , That should ensure 
success for quite a while , 
because she seems to be 
inspired by nearly every place 
she visits . New York was no 
exception . 

" I think I ' ll develop a 
strange, almost perverse liking 
for it," she giggled . And she 
meant it. 

Juniors and eniors may 
qualify for a $650 per 
month cholarship for all 
or part of your senior 
year, 

ontact: the Navy 
Information Team 
for Officer Pro-
grams at UC ' D 

areer Planning 
and Placement 
Office April 25-26, 
10 am-2 pm,orcall 
LT. John Chalker 
at 293-6444_ 

BELLA ABZUG 
speaking on: 

International Women's Year 
April 25, Tuesdl .8:00 p.m. l,(" Sin nitgo Box Omef : 452-4559 
Mlndevill Auditorium Sptdal Group Rafn on (;.A .• 452 .• 102 

l'CSD St. 51.1)0. C;tntrll .\dml~5ion $2,50 

Monder, Aprtl 24, 1171 
F 

Classlfieds 
(Continued from pa.e 10) 

trave' 
BOOK ON CA \I I'I' 1,liI"I'1 :: .. ~' ali .md • e'lo 
\.;rlt Churter F'IIMhl" IIE"~ Slud~lIt Trav.-I. 
Student ('\.'nter a.q.t3 Open weekdQy.IZ .... . Call 4~. 
06Jft Itt 91 

wanted 
\~" 'TI':U Jhhn .Il"niit'l \nn l -urht.·rn & \l .lr1(ol 
TI·III~ 'n·~lu \ ' ul,-' \t .. \ 1 &:1 II m.lkt·~ ,Ithflt:n·nt't· 
I.'" Ii 

MoJke'" to 10 per hour coll«'tine JUln.HUret . Must 
he rei voter In ell), Call 211 -9209 or 291 -7212 

lost & found 
LOli l HL Aud A Ian te""" cloth Jack.el Reward 
.,.II.bl • • 5.').1779 Gllbon 

LoSI LehinHLAud , altbrown hortJur krt","'J lwo 
breast ~keLs Please return . lWnt , .. I 72'9·2162 

V ... Uow rOtii meuc CdSf' round In upprr MUir QuOtd 
PI sde clalln ,.H T1' olric. 

l.u~ 1 liLt to: \\ I \ T~. H \ (I \'1' t)r."I":'" 1f1"1I1\.' 
Ht' \',IIr1 HlIl'lt't1 \u tlll'·~!lltn ....... kl ·" ' ·ulll.u I U .III 
1;'1 j~!h 

~l lIlIItl ,I. UI Ih.III ~ ~h\l\\ ,;' 11. lid '· ... IIt'I .1 , '.1 11 
\1.111.ll.91.,-lIw( 

1 ...... I.llId ,"U\IIlfl 1'11,,,,1.-:-. 11\ 1'11)1'-'1" I.U!Io11I1 t ~u :lIn4t 
1.1~' F ... d.I\ nt't·tI II I .... IIn.d, .. ' ("III " :U HH II:! 

~ .I'lit" rul11 .. 'IIIIJIJI"iI·\ I':o\d\ hUllk .I ud ul.ill~" 
1)o,lt·hu"k I'II. .. ~· .... \111'11 II Illulld j.11l .f1.1 1t!f;iH 
Uu!o.I,IIl4' \lIlIn'., 

announcements 
suppon swimsuit opuonal at Slack', (,Irculut.e Inlt 
petit ion ava il wt Sludfnt Info Center or 271 -t'JOt 

Woruhop Procram. Pullin, Power Into Your 
0..i .. 5 April 25 . 1m. Islandi. Holel. ' . 00 pm. 
Iisiand 81 ~.klna RtlaUonahi.,. Wort· MIY 2. 
197' . Va,·,tion VIlIa ... . :OOpm 'M" Ion Boy South 
(onfenmc.'e Room) . Cuelt Speaker: Rod 8onvici ftO, 
for more into cuntact MI . N. MUlh1l1el ,714, .... 
8022 ~r J KI.t~r ,7141 " -3157 

CHARTERS 
$189 to 

199 
$179 to 

199 

$399 to 
lhghts 012. 3. (5 & 6 weeks 449 

Sta'ilng mid·Aprll. 

Starling May Weekly lhghls 
2,3, 4, 5 & 6 week s dural,on 

$499 to 
529 

$399 to 
449 

$429 to 
419 

$419 to 
499 

Fly to one city • R.tum from tilt atilt!. 

LONDON & PARIS 419 
lOfl)ON & ROME 499 
PARIS & ROME 499 
Stlltlnund of April. W .. llIy ftllhts 
of 3 , 4 w ••• duration. 
All Ch".,s round trip from Los 
Ana"IS. 

7815 Ivanhoe 
Phone 

4S0M4 
I • I I 

triton times 

fW:h:;i·:·;;;;i;::·:::·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:':.:.:.:.:.:.:.: ... :, ............... ' .... ' .. ~] 
CHEER UP! 

come to the 

~@ 
C?A11l1J ~3 

Page" 

~j~ (Continut>d from pagl' 1 J ~j~ 
~1: One day last week, when I found myself particularly ~ij 
::: preoccupied, I was stopped short by a white, featherly mound * 
::: on the beach :.: ~:: Dead bird: Nothing unusual about that, I thought. It 's ~i~ ::~ nature's way, you know. My intuition and curiosity, however ::: 
::: compelled me to inspect the remains. ::: 
::; The bird, tenatively identified as a loon, had strangled itself ;:; 
::; on a plastic six-pack ring. If man's purposeless imposition on ::: 

:~ another species can be called "natural", voila . ::: 
::; Sickened and further disheartened by my inescapable ::: 
::; association with the earth's most powerful intruders , I ::: 
::; mournfully ca rried the victim to Stan Honda's house for photos. ::: 
::: I spent several years as the director of a recycling center and ::: 
::: as a member of the board of directors of an influential recycling ::: 
::: and environmental group in Northern California . One of the :: 

FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 12 - 3PM '. 
84!tween the Gym & Student Center 

LIVE ENTERTAINMENT! FOODI 
::: most valuable lessons I learned from my experience is that you :: bond pizza 

\IX?"" ~f~ .. 
::: cannot tell people that they are doing something wrong and then:: ' 
::: expect them to change their ways . Kind words are the pabulum :; 

;ugg/ers sandwich.s: notural & sub. 

::: of social change. But if you could have seen that limp co rpse ;: 
::. hanging from the ring, you too would ha ve felt my own:: 
::' despondency. :: 
::' The most dangerous attitude, I feel , is " out of sight, out of;: 
::: mind." To toss one's trash into the ocean or to leave it in the .:: 
::. sand may temporarily relieve the optical strain of refuse, while :: 
::: the seriously destructive nature of non-biodegradable .:: 

dancers fruits - juices I 
~-------, ~~s J 
I DRAWING I :r.:':nents 
I fl .. (d promptly at 1:45 I 1----, 
II ROUND TRIP TO SAN FRANCISCO I 

L~=-~~::~~~?!~"!!.~' I 

,. 

::: materials persists. ':: 
::; I include myself as an offender, for " modern" society forces ':: Student Organizations welcome to participate. 
.::: us to become accessory , to some degree, to irreparable::: 
::: environmntal damage. My advice, though, is to start by::: 
::: snipping the plastic six-pack rings, if you must buy drinks in::: 
::: that form. The next step is to se~k out the nearest recycling::: 
::: center, a more constructive accul umation of "human::: 
::: productivity." :~: 
::: I am neither a preacher nor a doom's day forecaster . But I::: 
::: fear that without precaution, humankind will fly too close to the::: 
::i sun, plummet into the sea and wash onto the shore, like the~:i 

~~~ed~, $ 
1:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .:.:.:.:.:. :.:.: .:.:.:.:.:. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:':':': ':':':':':':':':':':' :':': '.':':':':':':':':':':,:.~ 

Contact Ilene. 452,4038 

PRIZES DONATED Err: 

CARNEGIE A-440 
PIZZA HALL & 
SLEAZELLO'S 
*** RECREATIONAL ATHLETICS"'" 

THE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
ANNOUNCES 

I" 

A New Typewriter Rental Service 
Featuring 

THE IBM·' CORRECTING 
"SELECTRIC" 't'YPEWRITER 

A Typewriter That Does Just About Everything 
Featuring the IBM Correcting capability 
that corrects typing errors as simply as 
striking a keyboard button for each 
incorrectly typed character. 

WITH SPECIAL FEATURES: 
- Interchangeable elements that can be easily snapped on and off. 
-Dual pitch enabling typewriter to type ten or twelve characters per inch. 
-Half backspace lever allows typist to insert left out characters without 
affecting the rest of the typed line. 
- Error correction capability is within the typewriter and is controlled by a 
conveniently located correcting key. 
-Rental includes your choice of two interchangeable elements. 

Rentals available on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis. 
Rentals are also available for just a weekend for those last 
minute rush jobs. 

RATES 
Daily 
Weekend 
Weekly 
Monthly 

. ., 

$ 7.00 
12.00 
20.00 
35.00 

For more in/ormation call: Ext. 4291. 
, I 1 " , , , I 11 · ." , ••• • t •• ,.t ,., .. .. ............ , ••• •• fI/O# •• ~ , ...... 'r t". " .. I 

• 



..... 11 

T 
DANCE 

EATRE/USA 
presents 

D malic Jazz Dance 
May 5 and 8 

8:30 
Camino Hall Theatre 

University of San Diego 

tickets $5 
student-$4 

tickets available at Tlcketron and Box Office 

PRECISION CunlNG 
SKINCARE 

.lUWET MANICURING 

A c .... pIet. Redke. Salon 

Sl51 HoUde, Ct. 
. HI,ht." La .Ia1I. VII .... Ina 

455-0680 
10% DISCOUNT 

ON SERVICES 
(. with l>tudent or t-3culty 10 

~ ()( 4,-Bring th is .s .. coupon • . . . . 
We Are Spedallsts 

Ded.eatell To Quallt~ 
OFFERING AN EXTENSIVE SELECTION OF 
THE ITEMS IN WHICH WE SPECIALIZE 

OVER 225 BULK CONTAINERS 
... HELP YOURSELF 

o FRESH BREAD 
o SEEDS FOR EATING - SPROUTING 
o GRAINS. NUTS. DRIED FRUIT 
o BULK HONEY. JUICES. ETC. 
• BASIC NATURAL FOODS 

JUICE BAR & TEA ROOM 

News Brlef8 ••. 
Lack of AS quorums 

The AS Council ha been hard pre sed to conduct a government ror the 
last two weeks because of quorum problem . 

The last two council meetinis have been adjourned because the council 
did not have the 11 members present required to conduct official bu iness. 

According to AS Vice-president, MarkSindler. the problems" probably" 
are a result of changes in meeting time and locations, and the upcoming 
AS elections. 

UCSD designated cancer research 
New and promising cancer drugs will now be readily available in San 

Diego, due to the designation of UCSD as a Specialized Cancer Center by 
the National Cancer Institute (NCI) . 

PhysiCians treating cancer patients at the UCSD School of Medicine and 
in private practice throughout San Diego and Imperial Countie will have 
access to the most pro~ising experimental cancer drugs . At present, few 
such drugs are available locally because their distribution is limited to 
selected research studies coordinated and monitored by the NCI. 

The treatment of cancer patients will be an interdisciplinary one 
involving cancer researchers from surgery, radiology and medicine. 
These physiCians and scientists will collaborate in designing the most 
effective treatment for the patient. 

Ultra-sound seanner pinpoints tumors 
A prototype body scanner that utilizes high frequency sound waves, now 

in use at University Hospital , is enabling doctors to see and diagnose a 
number of disease conditions with far gnater clarity and safety for the 
patient than formerly possible. 

Employing ultra-sound technology, a non-invasive technique that looks 
at the body structure rrom the outside, the new scanner is a ble to locate and 
picture tumors in soft tissue areas while they ar~ still too small to be ecn 
by other scanners. This early diagnosis, permitting treatment to start 
sooner, can have life-and-death significance in some kinds of cancer. 

Ultrasound pictures are made with high frequency sound waves 
translated into dots which form images on the canner' monitor cr n. 
Since no radiat ion enters the body, there are no known side-effect upon the 
patient. The new scanner is able to present picture of f~r greater detail 
and re olution than earlier models because it operates at far higher 
frequencies . 

Nude mice spur ca"cer research 
One of nature 's seemingly tragicomic mistake , a strain or hairle s mice 

born without thymus glands - and thus without immunological protection 
against disease - may yet prove one or man 's major benefactors in hi 
right against cancer. 

Chemi try profe or Nathan Kaplan says a olony or so-called "nude" 
mice at UCSD have been found to be effective recipients {or the 
transplantation of most human tumors enabling scientist to use the 
animals as vectors to study the continuous growth of human cancer cell . 

Kaplan noted that in the pa t the attempt to transplant human tumors 
into animal models such as mice has been un ucce ful because the 
animal's own immunological sy tern will reject the tumor . 

OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 
946 GARNET AV. 1270-76301 

OVER 400 HERBS. TEAS • SPICES 
OUR OWN BACKPACKING MEALS 

" Since the nude mice are born without thymus gland , and thu lack 
immunological derense , the human tumor will grow in the mice." said 
Kaplan . "This orfers clinicians and researchers the unprecedented 
opportunity to observe the continued growth of a patient's tumor arter it 
has been removed from the patient. " PACIFIC BCH. 92109 - -

', 2 BLKS. FROM THE OCEAN 

WE GRIND FRESH PEANUJ BUTIER 
& ALMOND BUTTER 

RETAIL & WHOLESALE 
A major practical advantage or the method is that the mice can be u ed 

to test reaction of the tumor to experimental drugs berore these drugs are 
administered to the patient. ometimes the e drugs have und . ireablel 
side effect in patients. 

Alfred Lord TennJlQll, Crouing the Bar. 

Discover the unique taste of San Miguel Cerveza Negra. 
Smoother because it's naturally brewed. Richer and 
darker because we roast the malt.· 
Have a San Miguel Beer. And let it be dark, 

afanJtli .. d Imported by San Miguel Int rnational - USA 


