
~ , 

I 
We dneed.y 

Volume M. Number M 

, ', I II 

Deputy Goyernor Dymally h 

"UC not run by Regent "-
by Reed Alpert 

Associate News Editor ' 
The University of alifornia i not run by the Board 

of Regents , but by a v ry sma)) group of 
administrators and the faculty . Lieutenant Governor 
Mervyn Dymally told Professor Will Wri~ht's Sex and 
Violence in America class Wednesday mght. 

The board of which Dymally is a member, only 
approve or' disapproves university policy that .is 
initiated by the administration or faculty , said 
Dymally and rarely develops policy itself. 

Dymaliy spoke and answered questions for a little 
over an hour on the UC system, its structure, tenure, 
the Bakke case and gay rights . 

Tenure is arbitrary 
The tenure system is controlled by the fa~u1ty, 

Dymally said, calling it " probably the most arbitrary 
system in tbe univer~i~y ." He ~~id t~e Califo:m,~ 
legislature has been crltlC~1 of t~e pubhsh. or perI~h 
criteria used by the university to deCide which 
professors are granted tenure. . . 

"Teaching is not a part oC the CrIterIa (for tenure) 
as far as I can observe," said Dymally, adding that 

this policy has r suIted in the loss oC a number oC 
quality professors. 

At this point in the discussion Wright gave an 
example of how the tenure process works involving 
Professor Harry Edwards, a black sociologist at UC 
Berkeley. According to Wright, Edwards had been 
involved in the protests at the 1968 Mexico Olympics 
and subsequently became a professor of sociology at 
Berkeley where he was denied tenure, -supposedly 
because his work was not good enough. Wright said 
that at this point Pravda, the Russian newspaper, 
decided Edwards' denial of tenure was a good 
example oC American racism and began to give 
publicity to the case. 

At this point, said Wright, President Carter made a 
phone call and Edwards was granted tenure. 

Structure of UC 
Dymally explained the nature of the Board oC 

Regents and the university, pointing out they are "an 
independent, autonomous public-private corporation, 
the only one oC its kind in the country. It is a 
corporation and they behave that way." 

(Please turn to pag 8) 

s 
AS backs $3 Reg Fee 
'increase for '79-'80 

The new AS Council, meeting above the $384 supported by the 
for the first time Wednesday AS , necessitating another 
night, accepted by a 14-1 vote a increase. 
recommenda tion by Lisa The Reg Fee Committee will 
Endlich, AS Advisory Commit- meet Wednesday morning to 
tee on Student Fee Pro~rams make a final decision on 1979-80 
representative, that she lobby fee levels . 
for an increase in registration In other action Wednesday 
fees to $384 annually for the night, the council: 
1979-80 academic year, up $3 a (Please turn to page 8) 
quarter from next year's Cees . D a car e 

Meeting separately Wednes- Y 
day night, the student members t t Zionism called humanity's enemy 

PLO advocate says his group not anti-Semitic of the Advisory Committee pro e S 0 r approved support for the same 
by Alan Russell 

Editor 
Acting Information Officer of 

the Palestine Liberation 
Organization (PLO) Mission to 
the United Nations , Hasan 
Rahman , spoke at Revelle 
Cafeteria Wednesday evening 
and stressed to the large crowd 
that, " Zionism is not only the 
enemy of the Pa les tinian 
people , but the enemy of 
humanity. " 

In an assemblage largely 
receptive to Rahman's mes-
sage, the PLO advocate 
emphasized, "We (the PLO) 
are not against the Jewish 
people , but we are against 
Zionism." 

Referring to the approxi-
mately 35 anti-PLO prote tor 
outside, Rahman opened hi 
talk with the hope that the 
dissidents would" come in from 
the chilly evening" and learn 
about the " Palestinian strug-
gle." 

The protesto rs , carrying 
signs expressing a number of 
a ngry sentiments that in -
cluded , .. Are Bullets the 
Answer? " and " PLO Murders 
11 Athletes at Olympic Games" 
eventually did attead his 
speech and did not attempt to 

Clarification 
In last Friday's article on day 

care we wrote that, "At over 
$4000 per child the center would 
be one of the most expensive in 
the UC system. At $2774 it would 
be on pa r wi th the other centers 
in the U ·system." 

Such a statement might be 
misleading in lieu of the fact 

. that other UC day care centers 
operate on a nine, 10 and 11 
month basis instead of UCSD's 
12 month operation. Further, 
UCSD's Day Care Center offers 
infant care as opposed to other 
centers that do not. 

Also of importance is the day 
care backers' contention that 
even with the Comprehensive 
Employment Training Act 
funds only a maximum figure 
of $3399 can be obtained based 
on 32 slots for children as 
opposed to the over $4000 figure 
administration sourc are 
u Ing. 

The Triton Time pologize 
for any onfu ion incurr d. 

disrupt the proceedings. 
In a wide-ranging talk 

Rahman attempted to give a 
history of Zionism, which he 
saw as "having aligned itself 
with every colonial power since 
the turn of the century." 

Rahman sairt, "The history of 
Zionism is a history of a series 
of crimes," and furthered this 
statement by showing a link 
between capitalistic and 
imperalistic aims which .. are 

(Plea e turn to page 8) 

increase. d 
Endlich told the council that a r res t e 

the reg fee budget, approxi-
mately $4 million, will operate by Steve Gould 
at or close to a deficit unless Day care protestor Michael 
student fees are raised. She James Gibb was arrested 
said that $384 " was the safest yesterday morning for alleged-
and the lowest we could go" Iy assaulting a UCSD police 
without endangering the . . h d . 
solvency of the committee, and officer durmg t e ay care It-
termed the increase "the in arrests earlier this month . 

UCSD police detective teve 
minimum possible." Branen said Gibb i not a 

The only alternative to UCSD tudentorstaffmember. 
raising the fees would be The Triton Times learned 
cutbacks in student programs, however that Gibb is a day 
according to Marsha Harris, . . d 
Committee student co-chair. care parent, as he IS marrIe to a UCSD tudent. He wa picked 
" Whatwehavenowisneededto up at the Day Care Center at 
keep stud.ents on campus . nine in the morning on an 
We've already cut all the pro- out tanding warrant st mming 
gram we can cut without fur- f h t f 21 t t 
ther student input," she said . rom t e arres 0 pro e ors 

on May 17 
Inflation, Harris argued, has The arre t report on Gibbs 
been cutting into the campus stated he struck U D police 
budget and with the student I . 
population achieving relative Lt. Lloyd Turner evera times in the stomach, lower back and 
stability , no increases in neckwhileTurnerattemptedto 
income are anticipated. remove a prote tor from the 

Most otherUCschools will be Chancellor ' S Complex on 
::l paying about $393 a year in Matthews Campu . 
l registration fee s in 1979-80, According to Detective ~ according to Endlich, creating Murray Penhollow of the UCSD 
r a problem for UCSD . The police department, Gibbs wa i Regents set the parameters of taken into custody yesterday 
i possible registration fee levels, and not during the day care 

LlC'D.em ie • hi tory of a eeriee of currently $375 to $393, and may protest " to ensure that the 
crimee." raise the minimum for 1980-81 (Plea e turn to page 8) 
..:;::-::;.:: ... ::&:;. ... " ';;«-::::.::;:.:.; "':X ...... - .... -:.Sj.zw.:xs::: ':~:;::;~:?M .. ~~~~"**~.x:::'$;:::$~~X;::".x;.";W:..~ ·~x •.•. ;. ·)~~~~ ..... ~5. '!$K9! .~~~' •• ':..:.. . JE 

I M ~yql qL~ e ' s s~!! ~~! !n~h~ } ~istP.n~S~~log~~~ P. aC~Ii~~depressan~. drugs ~ Associate News Editor pain "which is a good thing subjective components of that are extremely effective ?. ~ The attention medical gone wrong." Acute pain chronic pain. in the treatment of clinical ~ science has given to the serves to warn . you that " Every person realize depres ion. These drugs rai e 
jft sub~ectofpainhasblossomed something is wrong , but that,depen~ingonthe~rson , t~e patients mood level, h~lp ·' 

dunng the last ten or 15 years. chronic pain no longer fuifills the same stimulus of pam can him leep better and can ral e 
. Still, an understanding of the that function. produce different responses," his pain thre hold 0 hi ,. 

subjec.t has remained elusive. .The treatment of acute pain aid Ignelzi. "If you are going experience?f di comfort 
i "~am ~oesn:t really have a is relatively simple and to treat pain and don't pay become . I,e mten~. . 
I de fI n it 10 n, It has man Y involves removing or treating attention to factors such a In ad~ltJO~ to the tn-cyclIc , 
U definitions, which tells you we the cause of the pain. Chronic differing emotional responses the patient I couns~led by a 

~. don't know that much about pain is something else and is and interpretation of painful doctor .to help rehev the ~ it," explained Dr . Ronald the focus of the research done stimuli, you are doomed to depre ~on furth~r and to get 
~; Ignelzi, who works in the on pain today. failure." ~he patlen~ mot! ated to be i chronic pain unit at the VA Holistic lreatment In looking at the psycho- Involved 11 . th.e tr atment ~ Hospital. . . When a patient come to the logical profile of patients program. T:us I part of the 
i ~ot .only has the mterest 10 clinic at the VA Ho pital, a suffering from chron~c pain, holi tic apl;>roach of ~~e pro-

pam rIsen, but the a'ppro~ch to treatment program is worked doc tor s h a v e not Ice d a gram, gettmg the patient to 
treatment of chrOniC .pam has out by a team that attempts to syndro.meil!lilar t~ neuro i . !-ake part of to re pon ibility chang~d, reflecting the integrate both medical and ChrOnIC paIn p tl nt ar. m ,~ tr . exp~ndJng knowledge on ~he psychiatric approa hes to often depre ed and omatl- Thl i a very e(( ctlve 
myna.d of. factors affectmg cr at a holi tic program. cally preoccupied, often to th tr atm nt," aid Ign Izi , " but 
chromc pam. '" The p ychiatric component point of hypochondria . we don 't top th re." Th La ,_ 

Ignelzl makes a.dl tl~ctl(~n is a rec nt addition to the In the b ginning of th c clic and coun lin 
between acute pam which IS treatmentofpain, r flectinga tr atm nt pro'gram th on titut lh p ycholo Ical 
"probably a good thing and ~r.: ~ter int re t by P ychia- patl ~t . ar oft n giv n tri- (PI a e turn to p g ) 



A 100 at old AS; 
advice for new AS 

WI&Ia die DeW AS DOW In office, Ii mlpt be a ,ood Idea to look at 
lOme of tile tblnp tllelr predeee8llOl'S did and did not do, &be 
reasons wby, and to probe some Ideas for next year. 

ARIoa, tile obIen'en of &be old AS It was always a constant 
souret! of amazement as to wby VIce-president Mark SlDdler and 
External Affairs Commissioner Bob Drapeau chose to live in the 
same apartment. The two men quite obviously bad notbinl but 
contempt for eacb other. Yet they continued to share an apartment 
In Del Mar. The old joke went tbat if Drapeau didn't take the 
garbage out on AS meeting nigbts, the antlpatby created between 
the two would sbackle the council. 

It may not bave been altogether true, but it exemplified a major 
clog in the old AS' works. Internal friction. 

If there ever was a potential for respected leadership inside the 
AS it never developed. AS President Jeff Leifer, as "father' of the 
AS, must be given a great deal of credit. Leifer fought hard last 
year to reinstate the Associated Students form of government at 
UCSD. But the problem was once Leifer bad won his fight, once he 
had instated the AS, he was hesitant to do anything with it. 

Leifer kept saying he needed to "legitimize" the government. 
But by concentratin& on so many Issues, all the government did 
was to aggrevate the personality conflicts and ego feuds. This 
seriously cut back on tbe amount of internal business that was 
completed. The by-laws which took six weeks and endless hours of 
bickering to pass are far from adequate and the constitutional 
review, which is sorely needed, remains uDfinished. 

Despite tbe problems, wben the AS turned away from Its feuds it 
got tblngs dODe. Leifer's pet project, the Grant Center, has 
exciting potential and t7000 to speDd on improving undergraduate 
education. The AS managed to walk a thin line In dispersing money 
to tbe politically diverse campus media with few attempts at 
editorial control. And the AS Beer Bashes were overwhelming 
successes. 

Perbaps tbe greatest achievement of the old AS is that it got 33 
percent of tbe students excited enough about &be possibilities of 
studeDt government to come out and vote iD the AS elections this 
mODth. Those students who voted wUl watch the new AS to see if 
anything actually gets done. It is going to be up to the new officers 
to come throagh with some solid programs and achievements. 

Some ideas: 
-Tenure review. U's becoming an issue and students are 

becoming tired of seeing their favorite professors shipped off to 
other colleges. The AS can lead the fight in keeping professors that 
can teach. 

-Administrative relations. With a new Vice-chancellor of 
Student Affairs arriving soon, the AS can work to establish 
working and viable relations with tbe Student Affairs office. There 
can be cooperation between the AS and administration without the 
AS being co-opted. 

-Political organizing. With 10,000 students on campus, UCSD 
could be a powerful force in local politics. Getting students out to 
vote on such crucial issues as transportation and low-cost housing 
is an obvious role for a student government. 

-Quality of life. With more than 47 percent of the students who 
voted in the run-off choosing Gary Moser and his platform of an 
improved campus atmosphere, the new AS should not ignore this 
expression of student preferences. By appointing Moser chair of 
the Student Center Board he could fight for those things be has 
advocated, such as a pub aDd more student services in the Student 
Center. 

It is hearteDing that President John Jenkel and Vice-president 
Ann Carberry were running mates and should work well together 
next year. They must keep the AS so busy fighting for the students 
they have no chance to fight among themselves. 

Student input 
opportunity 
is unlimited 
Editor: 

While filling out the C'APE 
evaluations for professors Bender 
and Ngubo (Poli Sci 146B) a student 
sitting in front of me turned around 
and questioned the purpose of such 
a futile act .. . 

"Why fill that damn thing out 
when both profs are going to be 
gone next year? Anyway. CAPE 
merely serves as a guide to 

.students. Administrators and 
faculty members don't take it 
seriously." 

Well, I understood the frustration 
and apathy that this student 
expressed. I had recently discussed 
the deni al of tenure to Gerry 
Bender with a couple of political 
science.professors and developed a 
better feeling for the validity and 
manner in which they had arrived 
at the decis ion. Although this 
knowled&e influenced my convic-
tions in the matter it still will not 
compensate for the vacuum that 
these two talented people will leave 
at UCSD. Though I realize the 
rational behind the denial I also 
firmly believe that the students at 
this University should have an 
institutional instrument in which to 
voice their concerns about the 
granting of tenure. 

There is much concern and 
interest on campus in this issue as 
well as many other problems. Just 
as Day Care stirred emotions and 
anger so does the suhject of tenure. 
With the elections over and new 
officers assuming their positions 
with open minds and enthusiasm 
the opportunity to influence the 
process at UCSD is ripe. By getting 
involved in the government 
apparatus this issue of tenure (as 
well as other concerns) can be 
worked on and student input 
institutionalized. No one can station 
a guard in front of the ASUCSD 
office. By getting involved and 
staying infonned the effect is not 
merely limited to annual policy 
implementation (such as day care 
rallies) but influences the daily 
decisions and policies of the 
uni versity . The opportunity for 
student input exists with unlimited 
potential. If you are unhappy with 
the situation as it is , do something 
about it. 

TIM ROEMER 

Hey I l.J~y shO()I~ -! 
~ '(" f'~si.fiot1 
13 ~ .1 ~+ even 
O\()() pr'fec+r 1 

Oh, '-.lell, we.'ve- ~'* 
.5:>f71eii,j~ ~r you 

~l,)y5/foo ... ~(l 
~et ~ ~le.s f.)A. 
Clp to /0 ~~ f/ 

KSDT, Triton Times poor 
copies of American media 
Editor: 

College is supposedly the last place where one is free to do as one 
chooses, without the dictates of the profit motivated system at large. I had 
hoped to contribute my undiluted ideas and experiences to the campus 
media. namely KSDT and the Triton Times. However. I soon found out that 
these organizations were merely poor, microscopic copies oCthe American 
corporate media. 

KSDT. which has a very limited cable/broadcast range and an actllal 
audience at times approaching zero. would seem an ideal setup for 
experimentation and an opportunity for many to experience radio first 
hand. In reality. KSDT insists upon a "rock/jazz" fonnat and has rules 
about length and content of sets and announcements. Playlists are 
compiled and sent to record companies so that the station may continue to 
receive (ree records, and, at the time of my departure, the possibility o( 
commerical advertising for fund raising was being discussed . Anyone 
interested in being "on the air" must attend a number o( training sessions 
and must prove one's value to the station. . 

The Triton Times is a more visible exa mple of the same mass media 
mimicry. Instead of celebrating their ideological (reedom by allowing 
writers a chance to be expressive and analytical in unique ways. the Triton 
Times sticks to the vacant style o( most every American newspaper. Those 
"in" the Triton Times are rewarded with event tickets and material goods 
for giving attention to commercial products and profit making events. 
Imagination seems to be a dirty word at the Triton Times, while 
competently vacant writing is the usual. I see people reading the Triton 
Times with less interest than they would desk top and bathroom wall 
graffitti. 

What do I suggest to amend this situation? Blow up the KSDT and Triton 
Times offices? Probably not. Most people look at these media as a luxury. 
The Triton Times is good for wasting the five minutes hefore class begins, 
but is nothing logetexcited about. Maybe it's better than nothing, but since 
these media are funded by the Associated Students, students might at least 
be aware that they are their mouthpiece to use as they please. Contribute 
and criticize. 

SCOTI PALAMAR (Ed. nole: We receive no direct AS funding. We are given free office space 
and book· keeping servIce . We also were given $7SOO from l:bancellor 
McE Iroy Ihis year 10 publish the weekly campus calendar, Olher than that, 
all our budget comes from advertising revenue.) 

Mark Stadler 
Prop 13: future shock 

Who needs· ~ot real Americans 
• • like you. We can 

I'm not saying this will happen, but it 
might... 

SAN FRANCISCO, April 19, 1979 - In 
a move its chairperson said was 
directly related to voter approval oflast 
June's Proposition 13, the Board of 
Regents voted 19 to 4 yesterday to 
eliminate seven of the nine UC 
campuses and consolidate all 
university resources at the remaining 
two campuses at Los Angeles and 
Berkeley. 

Chairperson William Coblentz said 
after the Fe,ents meeting that the 
board was forded to eliminate the seven 
campuses as an economy measure 
which was n ecessary because of recent 
drastic cuts in UC's alDte budg ... t . 

" We lost 20 percent of our state 
budget this year and are facing even 
larger cuts 'lext year. Yet it's hard to 

lame the state, because it lost so much 
money after the Jarvis-Gann Initiative 
(Prop. 13) pajsed," Coblentz said. 

Propositicn 13, which was passed last 
June with !l9 percent voter approval, 
mandated a 60 percent cut in property 
taxes, combined with a limit on the 
property tax rate to one percent of a 
building's assessed market value. It 
also ordered that the state Legislature 

Feed a two-thirds vote to raise any ta.:, 
except the. property tax , which cannot 

be raised. 
Ever since the proposition's passage 

the Legislature has attempted to rais, 
other taxes to make up for the revenue 
loss caused by the property tax cut, but 
has not been able to muster the two-
thirds vote for any proposal. 

During the Regents meeting, UC 
President David Saxon tried to explain 
why he made the proposal to eliminate 
the seven campuses, and create, in 
effect, two campuses at Berkeley and 
Los Angeles. . 

"We had to cut back somewhere, and 
so, after a lot of careful research and 
study by university staff. we decided 
this v,ould be the best way. Although 
we will have to cutback student 
enrollment by 30 percent, we' ll be able 
to adequately take care of the restatLA 
and Berkeley," Saxon said . 

The Regents' vote was preceded by 
very lillie discussion among board 
members. Most of the talk centered 
around whether Saxon's proposal was 
the best way to cut university costs . 

Most of the opposition to the proposal 
came from a group of about 300 students 
who protested the decision by chanting 
and marching outside the Regents' 
meeting place . 

I 
I 
• I 
• ! 

Police care for ourselves 
• Firefighters without outside 
• Schools help. 
• And other -Pr--=o-po-s-it-io-n- 1-3- w-ill 

money allow you to stop 
wasters? bankrolling people 

__ who can't help 
~ themselves. 

It's 1996 and you are traveling by 
spacecraft 22,300 miles above the earth. 
Suddenly you come upon a vast metallic field 
brilliant with reflected sunlight. It's a 72-
square mile satellite solar power stalion 
(SS PS) constructed by 400 astronaut· 
builders. 

Unhampered by the earth's atmosphere, it 
captures unfiltered sunlight with a billion 
panels and mirrors , then converts the 
sunlight to electrici ty and beams it by 
microwave down to Earth. Below, a five-by-
seven·and·a-half mile receiving antenna 
catches the mi~rowaves (or a plant that 
converts them to electricity. 

Adam Hochschlld Is an editor of MOLher 
Jones Magazine, where this arlicle firsl 
appeared in a longer version in the May 
issue. 

SSPS backers say aluminum fuselales of 
airplanes are 100<1 shields, but cockpits have 
laminated Ilass windows. 

Even j( people and birds were kept out o( 
the beam, some radiation would spill beyond 
it to be dispersed by rain, clouds and hail. 
Even if the beam is 99.9 percent on target, 
five million stray watts of electricity will 
bombard people nearby. 

An SSPS beam which goes awry 
accidenta lly - or on purpose - is a 
potentially lethal weapon. One critic, Dr. 
Aden Meinel, professor of opUca I sciences at 
University of Arizona . compares theSSPS to 
a " giant microwave oven cooking all people, 
plants and animals caught by the wandering 
beam." 

And SSPS will devour energy. According to 
Dr. Piet Bos. an engineer who worked on the 
space shuttle and is now a top official at the 
industry·funded Electric Power Research 

On centralization, he argues that some 
delree of centralized electrical distribution 
will be needed indefinitely, even if all homes 
sprout solar panels. 

Talking to Glaser in his office at the Arthur 
D. Little think tank in Cambridge, Mass., you 
feel that if this friendly man had control over 
the whole sy.tem. something rational and 
human might rcsult. Or that he would not 
build it if it proved dangerous. But one man 
cannot control a project that in the NASA 
scenario for 112 SSPSs would cost more than 
half this year's US Gross National Product. 

Many aerospace companies are already 
involved, ranging from McDonnell Douglas 
and Martin Marietta to General Electric and 
IBM. Four firms have the biggest stakes: 
Raytheon, which makes microwave 
equipment: Grumman, which has worked On 
techniques for fastening the Solar Dam cells 

Princeton physicist Gerard O'Neill, who has 
been designing s~ace colonies that would be 
built with materials mined Crom the moon, 
and allow humans to settle beyond the Earth. 

Some years ago, ('.rOv. Brown met O'Neill 
at a Zen retreat and caught the space bug. He 
borrowed astronaut Rusty Schweickart (rom 
NASA and enlisted Stewart Brand, editor of 
the Whole Earth Catalog. 

Asked how he squared his new-found 
enthusiasm for space ventures with his 
previous "era of limits" philo ophy , Brown 
said, "Small is beautiful on Earth, but in 
space big is better." California bold half the 
country'~ NASA contracts. . 

So goes the dream of the businessmen and 
visionaries at the Boeing and Grumman 
corporations and the National Aeronautics 
and Space Administration . If they have their 
way, a prototype SSPS will be alo ft in a 
decade, and more than a hundred more will 
eventually be built to feed humankind's 
energy hunger. 

SOLAR SATELLITES -
SHINY PIE IN THE· SKY 

These lutunsts have been finding support 
with a growing number of congressmen. A 
dozen of them have introduced a bill asking 
$25 million next year for exploratory study of 
an SSPS program. Chief sponsor is Rep. 
Ronnie G. Flippo, (D-Ala.), who e district 
receives more than a half·billion dollars 
a year from NASA and the Pentagon. 

Five of the 12 initial sponsors have 
received campaign contributions from 
Rockwell International. The biggest sum 
went to Olin Teague (D-Texas) , chairman of 
the Science and Technology Committee and 
the most powerful member of the House 
high·technology lobby . 

Several hundred scientists and engineers 
have worked on the idea, the Department of 
Energy is now in the act and some $12 million 
- most of it tax money - has been spent so 
far. And Americans are about to be asked to 
ante up the biggest sum yet. 

a viewpoint by Adam Hothschild 
Pacific News Service 

The story of the SSPS involves a 
bureaucracy fighting for us life. an industry 
eyeing the best pork barrel since the arms 
race and minor characters including 
California ' Gov. Jerry Brown. Whole Earth 
Catalog creator Stewart Brand, plus some 
people who want to mine the moon. 

Critics point with alarm to signs that solar 
satellites might mean global disaster. 

• They are colossally expensive. Boeing 
guesse that development of the technology 
would cost $40 to $80 billion. After that, 
mass·produced SSPSs would cost $7.6 to $15 
billion each. according to the idea 's inventor, 
Peter Glaser. Thatcould mean UP toone·and-
a·half trillion dollars for 112 satellites 
envisioned by the year 2025 in a NASA 
scenario. 

• They could also mean environmental 
catastrophe, say critics. Microwaves have 
been linked to ('ancer. cataracts, Down's 

ynarome (monlZoli'sm l "nil nthpr 
afflictions. Birds flying through the heated 
column of air created by microwave beam 
would become heavily radiated. So might 
people in airplanes. 

Institute, it would take each satellite seven to 
10 years to pay the Earth back for the energy 
needed to build and orbit it. 

• SSPS would mean energy centralization . 
Utility monopolies would become even 
stronger than they are now. At a time when 
solar power promises decentralized energy 
ema nating from rooftops and local 
windmills , the satellites would generate 
energy that could only be distributed 
centrally. 

Inventor Peter Glaser is aware of these 
criticisms and says he has answers. 

Regarding microwave hazard , he says th 
beam can be focused so closely that any 
radiation spill would be not only below the US 
danger standard but below the Soviet one. 
which is a thousandfold lower. 

A t976 Energy Research and Development 
Administration study indicates this level of 
safety might be possible. but only by 
excluding people from microwave receIving 
areas, each of which would be half the size of 
Rhode Island . 

Glaser concedes that the problem of birds 
flying through the beam has not been solved 
and says extensi ve tests on the whole system 
are still needed. 

to catch the sun 's rays: and Boein2 and 
Roc~well , both eyeing the contract for the 
super shuttle that would have to shoot the 
satellites out into orbit. 

Many other companies are eager to get 
into the act. The Brown Foundation, which is 
funded by Brown and Root, the huge Texas 
industrial construction firm , recently 
awarded a $100,000 grant to Rice University 
in Houston to study the SSPSs. 

From another direction comes NASA. with 
30 percent ot Its employees out of work in the 
wake of the wave of government spending 
that put a man on the moon. The SSPSs would 
mean a use for the current big ASA project, 
the space shuttle which, said Bos, has been 
"a solution in search of a problem." NASA 
has already spent some $8 million looking 
into SSPSs. Dr. Alan M. Lovelace, NASA·s 
deputy administrator, has said, "The next 
decade holds a thousand policy challenges in 
the area of s pace applications, but the 
decision on wbether to exploit the sun for 
electric power may dominate them all. " -

Aside from aerospace firms and NASA, the 
olar satellite project is being promoted by a 

hevy of futurists . Foremost among them is 

Meanwnue, work on the SSPSs goes on. At 
the Raytheon plant in Waltham, Mass ., 
electrical engineer William Brown di played 
a thing that looks like an elongated spark 
plug with metal parts made of copper. He 
explained that the transmitting antenna in 
space will be made of " a million or so of 
these. " 

Brown flicked the lights orr and the movie 
projector rolled. The scene was the desert 
near Barstow, Calif., 1975. On a mountaintop 
a mile from the camera a t2·by-24·foot flat 
receiving antenna and a panel of floodlights 
were fastened to a metal tower. The camera 
panned to a large radar-like dish and the 
lights on the tower came on. Then the di h 
wa aimed away from the mountain and the 
lights went ofr. Thirty kilowatts of 
electricity, enough for 20 homes , were 
transmitted through the air, without wires. 
So it can be done. It is awesome. 

Peter Glaser. when interviewed about his 
invention, raised a relevant question. if you 
don 't like the SSPS, where are you going to 
get centrally distributed electrical energy? 

(Plea e turn to page 8) 

You shouldn't have to 
change banks every time 
you change lifestyles. 
Graduation is one time you change lifestyles. But it's cer-
tainly not the only time. 

It happens when you move. It happens when you get 
married. It happens when you have children take a new 
job, and so on. 

The point is, you shouldn't have to worry about chang-
ing banks every time it happens. 

And if your bank is Bank of America, you might not have 
to worry at all. 

For starters, with nearly twice as many locations as any 
other California bank, we're usually close by. If -------
you're moving within California, it's 
easy to transfer your account to 
whichever branch. is most convenient for you. 

Ne>tt, we offer a wide range of checking 
plans to fit your changing needs. Uke our All· 
in·One® Checking Plan, with several services 
in one simple package, including Bank-
America Travelers Cheques, commission· 
free when purchased at any of our California 
branches. We also offer loans for important 
needs that may crop up along the roads 

~ 

ahead. And BankAmericard® Visa, and Master Charge,'" 
if you qualify, to give 'you ready credit when you need it. 
We give you a choice of savings plans, too. From Regular 
Savings Accounts to long·term, higher·yield.Investors Pass· 
books and Certificates of Deposit. 

Later on, whether you need trust selVices or safe deposit 
service, we can help you there, too. In fact, chances are what· 
ever changes you make, Bank of America can probably help 
you make them easier. 

We even have available for you a continuing series 
of free Consumer Information Reports, helpful 

guides on such financial matters as "How 
To Establish Credit" "Per onal Money 

Planner;' and "Ways To Save Your 
Money~' They're available at all our branches 
to help you through some of the changes. So 
why not stop by and talk things over. 

We selVe more Californians than any other 
bank. And we'd like to selVe you. 

BANKoF AMERICA 
, 
-,,- ---.. 



A 10 k at old AS; 
advice for new AS 

Witll tile DeW AS DOW iD oltice, i& milbt be a .ood idea to look at 
lOme of tile tIliDp &heir predeeeaon did aad did DOt do, the 
reuou wby, and to probe lOme ideas for next year. AmoD. &.be observers of the old AS it was a1waYI a conltant 
IIOIII'ee of amazelDent as to wby Vice-president Mark SiDdler and 
External Affairs Commillioner Bob Drapeau chose to live in tbe 
same apartment. The two men quite obviously had nothln, but 
contempt for each other. Yet they continued to share an apartment 
in Del Mar. Tbe old joke went that i~ Drapeau didn't take the 
garbage out on AS meeting nilhts, the antipathy created between 
the two would shackle the council. 

It may not have been altogether true, but it exemplified a major 
clog in tbe old AS' works. Internal friction. 

If tbere ever was a potential for respected leadership inside the 
AS it never developed. AS President Jeff Leifer, as "father' of the 
AS, must be given a great deal of credit. Leifer fought hard last 
year to reinstate the Associated Students fonn of government at 
UCSD. But the problem was once Leifer had won his fight, once he 
bad instated the AS, he was besitant to do anything with it, 

Leifer kept saying be needed to "legitimize" the government. 
But by concentrating on so many issues, all the government did 
was to aggrevate the personality conflicts and ego feuds. Tbis 
seriously cut back on the amount of internal business that was 
completed. The by-laws wbich took six weeks and endless hours of 
bickering to pass are far from adequate and the constitutional 
review, which is sorely needed, remains unfinisbed. 

Despite the problems, when the AS turned away from its feuds it 
got tbings done. Leifer'S pet project, the Grant Center, bas 
exciting potential and 17000 to spend on improving undergraduate 
education. The AS managed to walk a thin line In dispersing money 
to tile politically diverse campus media with few attempts at 
editorial control. And the AS Beer Bashes were overwhelming 
successes. 

Perhaps the greatest achievement of the old AS Is that it got 33 
percent 01 the students excited e nough about the possibilities of 
student government to come out and vote in the AS elections tbis 
month. Those students who voted will watch the new AS to see if 
anything actually gets done. It is going to be up to the new officers 
to come through with some solid programs and achievements. 

Some ideas: 
-Tenure review. U's becoming an issue and students are 

becoming tired of seeing their favorite professors shipped off to 
other colleges. The AS can lead the fight in keeping professors that 
can teach. 

-Administrative relations. With a new Vice-chancellor of 
Student Affairs arriving soon, the AS can work to establish 
working and viable relations with the Student Affairs office. There 
can be cooperation between the AS and administration without the 
AS being co-opted, 

- Political organizing. With 10,000 students on campus, UCSD 
could be a powerful force in local politics. Getting students out to 
vote on such crucial issues as transportation and low-cost housing 
is an obvious role for a student government. 

- Quality of life. With more tban 47 percent of the students who 
voted in the run-off choosing Gary Moser and his platfonn of an 
improved campus atmosphere, the new AS should not ignore this 
expression of student preferences. By appointing Moser chair of 
the Student Center Board he could fight for those things he has 
advocated, such as a pub and more student services in the Student 
Center. 

It is heartening that President John Jenkel and Vice-president 
Ann Carberry were running mates and should work well together 
nex t year. They must keep the AS so busy fighting for the students 
they have no chance to fight among themselves. 

Student input 
opportunity 
is unlimited 
Editor: 

While filling out the C'APE 
evaluations for professors Bender 
and Ngubo (Poli Sci 146B) a student 
sitting in front of me turned around 
and questioned the purpose of such 
a fu tile act.. . 

" Why fill that damn thing out 
when both profs are going to be 
gone next year? Anyway, CAPE 
merely serves as a guide to 

.students . Administrator s and 
faculty members don ' t take it 
seriously." 

Well, I understood the frustration 
and apathy that this student 
expressed. I had recently discussed 
the denial of tenure to Gerry 
Bender with a couple of political 
science. professors and developed a 
better feeling for the validity and 
manner in which they had arrived 
at the decision . Although this 
knowledge influenced my convic-
tions in the matter it still will not 
compensate for the vacuum that 
these two talented people will leave 
at UCSD. Though I realize the 
rational behind the denial I also 
finnly believe that the students at 
this University should have an 
institutional instnnnent in which to 
voice their concerns about the 
granting of tenure. 

There is much concern and 
interest on campus in this issue as 
well as many other problems. Just 
as Day. Care stirred emotions and 
anger so does the subject of tenure. 
With the elections over and new 
officers assuming their positions 
with open minds and enthusiasm 
the opportunity to influence the 
process at UCSD is ripe. By getting 
involved in the government 
appara tus this issue of tenure (as 
well as other concerns) can be 
wo rked on a nd s tud e nt input 
institutionalized. No one can station 
a guard in front of the ASUCSD 
office. By getting involved and 
staying infonned the effect is not 
merely limited to annual policy 
implementation (such as day care 
rallies) but influences the daily 
dec isi ons a nd poli ci es of th e 
university . The opportunity for 
student input exists with unlimited 
potential. If you are unhappy with 
the situation as it is, do something 
about it. 

TIM ROEMER 

4ejl l.J~y shO(}I~ ~ 
~' -b(" PfbFSi-tior] 
13 1' ~ cbn'+ even 
own prlferil l 

"rIeIIy,lI., _, , •• 

Oh, !.Jell , we've. ~'* 
5:,17Jetl-.il1~ iOr- yeu ~\)y51 t;;;; . -' ~(l 
,ecl i4=: :Ale5 fo..>t-
vf to /0 ~.JlJ .• -d J 

I 
f.-

\L> ,~ ~ "- - .~ ;~rl '~ 
KSDT, Triton Times poor 
copies of American media 
Editor: 

College is supposedly the last place where one is free to do as one 
chooses, without the dictates of the profit motivated system at large. I had 
hoped to contribute my undiluted ideas and experiences to the campus 
media , namely KSDT and the Triton Times. However, l soon found out ~hat 
these organizations were merely poor, microscopic copiesofthe Amencan 
corporate media. 

KSDT, which has a very limited cable/broadcast range and an actual 
audience at times approaching zero, would seem an ideal setup for 
experimentation and an opportunity for many to experience radio first 
hand. In reality , KSDT insists upon a " rock/jazz" format and has rules 
about length and content of sets and announcements. Playlists are 
compiled and sent to record companies so that the sta tion may continue to 
receive free records , and, at the time of my departure, the possibility of 
commerical advertising for fund raising was being discussed. Anyone 
interested in being "on the air" must attend a number of training sessions 
and must prove one's value to the station. . 

Tbe Triton Times is a more visible example of the same mass media 
mimicry. Instead of celebrating their ideological freedom by allowing 
writers a chance to be expressive and analytical in unique ways, the Triton 
Times sticks to the vacant style of most everY American newspaper. Those 
"in" the Triton Times are rewarded with event tickets and material goods 
for giving attention to commercial products and profit making events. 
Imagination seems to be a dirty word at the Triton Times, while 
competently vacant writing is the usual. I see people reading the Triton 
Times with less interest than they would desk top and bathroom wall 
grafCitti. 

What do I suggest to amend this situation? Blow up the KSDT and Triton 
Times offices? Probably not. Most people look at these media as a luxury. 
The Triton Times is good for wasting the five minutes before class begins, 
but is nothing tQ get excited about. Maybe it's better than nothing, but since 
these media are funded by the Associated Students, students might at least 
be aware that they are their mouthpiece to use as they please. Contribute 
and criticize. 

SC017 PALAMAR 
(Ed. note: We receive no direct AS funding. We are given free office space 
and book-keeping services. We also were given S7500 from l:hancellor 
McElroy this year to publish the weekly campus calendar, Other than that, 
all our budget comes from advertising revenue.) 

Mark Stadler 
Prop 13: 

Who needs· ~ot real Americans 
• like you. We can future shock 

I'm not saying this will ha ppen, but it 
m ight ... 

SAN FRANCISCO, April 19, 1979 - In 
a move i t s c hai rpe rson said was 
directly related to voter approval oC last 
June's Proposition 13, the Board of 
Regents voted 19 to 4 yesterday to 
e lim i n a t e seven o f the nine UC 
c ampu s e s a nd c on s olidate all 
university resources a t the remaining 
two campusp.s a t Los Angeles and 
Berkeley. 

Chairperso William Coble ntz said 
a fter the R egents meeting that the 
boa rd was for !ed to eliminate the seven 
c ampuses a I' an economy measure 
which was ne.-:essary because of recent 
drastic cuts ill UC's state budget. 

" We lost ~O percent of QUI s ta t e 
budget this Yi!ar and are facing even 
larger cuts n.!,{t year. Yet it's hard to 

lame the s ta e, because it lost so much 
m oney a fter the Jarvis-Gann Initiative 
(Prop. 13) pa >sed," Coblentz said. 

P roposition It which was passed las t 
J une with 59 percent voter a pprova l, 
manda ted a 60 percent cut in property 
taxes, com bined with a lim it on the 
property tax rate to one percent of a 
building's assessed market va lue. It 
also ordered that the state Legislature 
~needs a two-thirds vote to raise any taM: , 

except the. property tax, which cannot 

be raised. 
Ever since the proposition 's passage 

the Legislature has attempted to rais. 
other taxes to make up for the revenue 
loss caused by the property tax cut, but 
has not been a ble to muster the two-
thirds vote for any proposal. 

During the Regents meeting, UC 
President David Saxon tried to explain 
why he made the proposal to eliminate 
the seven campuses, and create, in 
effect. two campuses at Berkeley and 
Los Angeles. . 

" We had to cut back somewhere, and 
so, after a lot of careful research and 
study by university staff, we decided 
this would be the best way . Although 
we w i ll have to cutback student 
enrollment by 30 percent, we' ll be able 
to adequately take care of the rest at LA 
and Berkeley," Saxon said . 

The Regents ' vote was preceded by 
very little discus sion among board 
members. Most of the talk centered 
a round whether Saxon 's proposal was 
the best way to cut university costs. 

Most of the OPPOSition to the proposal 
came from a group of a bout 300 students 
who protested the decision by chanting 
and marching outside the Regents ' 
meeting place. 

I 
i 
. 

I 
.. 

t 

• Police care for ourselves, 
• Firefighters without outside 
• Schools help. 
• And other -Pr--";'o-po-s-it-io-n- 1-3- w- ill 

money allow you to stop 
wasters? bankrolling people 

who can't help ~ r If:~ 
themselves. 

Vote YES on 
Proposition 13 

It's 1996 and you are traveling by 
spacecraft 22,300 miles above the earth. 
Suddenly you come upon a vast metallic field 
brilliant with reflected sunlight. It's a 72-
square mile satellite solar power station (SSPS) constructed by 400 astronaut-
builders. 

Unhampered by the earth 's atmosphere, it 
captures unfiltered sunlight with a billion 
panel s and mirrors, then converts the 
s unllght to electrici ty a nd bea ms it by 
microwave down to Earth. Below. a fi ve-by-
seven-and-a-haJr mile receiving antenna 
catches the mi~rowaves for a plant that 
converts them to electricity. 

Adam Hochschlld Is an editor of Mother 
Jones Magazine, where this article first 
appeared in a longer version in the May 
issue. 

SSPS backers say aluminum fuselages of 
airplanes are good shields, but cockpits have 
laminated glass windows. 

Even if people and birds were kert out of 
the beam, some radiation would spiJ beyond 
it to be dispersed by rain, clouds and hail. 
Even if the beam is 99.9 percent on target, 
five million stray watts of electricity will 
bombard people nearby. 

An SSPS bea m whi c h goes a wry 
accidenta lly - or on purpose - is a 
potentially lethal weapon. One critic, Dr. 
Aden Meinel . professor of optica l sciences at 
University of Arizona , compares the SSPS to 
a "giant microwave oven cooking all people, 
plants and animals caught by the wandering 
beam." 

And SSPS will devour energy . According to 
Dr. Piet Bos, an engineer who worked on the 
space shuttle and is now a top official at the 
industry-funded Electric Power Research 

On centralization, he argues that some 
degree of centralized electrical distribution 
will be needed indefinitely, even if a ll homes 
sprout solar panels. 

Talking to Glaser in his officeatthe Arthur 
D. Little think tank in Cambridge, Mass .. you 
feel that iPltis friendly man had control over 
the whole system, someth ing rational and 
human might result. Or that he would not 
build it if it proved dangerous. But one man 
cannot control a project that in the NASA 
scenario for 112 SSPSs would cost more than 
half this year 's US Gross National Product. 

Many aerospace companies are already 
involved, ranging from McDonnell Douglas 
and Martin Marietta to General Electric and 
IBM. Four firms have the biggest stakes: 
Ra yth eo n, wh ic h ma kes m ic rowave 
equipment; Grumman, which has worked on 
techniques for fastening the Solar Dam cells 

Princeton physicist Gerar~ O'Neill. who has 
been designing space colonies that would be 
built with materia ls mined from the moon . 
and allow humans to settle beyond the Earth. 

Some years ago, Gov. Brown met O'Neill 
at a Zen retreat and caught the space bug. He 
borrowed astronaut Rusty Schweickart from 
NASA and enlisted Stewart Brand. editor of 
the Whole Earth Catalog. 

As ked how he squ ar d his new-found 
enthusiasm for space ventures with his 
previous "era of limits" philosophy, Brown 
sa id, "Small is beautiful on Earth, but in 
space big is better." California holds half the 
country' ~ NASA contracts . 

So goes the dream of the businessmen and 
visionaries at the Boeing and Grumman 
corporations and the National Aeronautics 
and Space Administration. If they have their 
way, a prototype SSPS will be aloft in a 
decade, and more than a hundred more will 
eventually be built to feed humankind's 
energy hunger. 

SOLAR SATELLITES-
SHINY PIE IN THE· SKY 

These lutUfiStS have been finding support 
with a growing number of congressmen. A 
dozen of them have introduced a bill asking 
$25 million next year for exploratorY studyof 
an SSPS program. Chief sponsor is Rep. 
Ronnie G. Flippo, (D-Ala .), whose district 
receives more than a half-billion dollars 
a year from NASA and the Pentagon . 

Five of the 12 initial sponsors h ave 
received campaign co ntri butions from 
Rockwell International. The biggest sum 
went to Olin Teague (D-Texas), chainnan of 
the Science and Technology Committee and 
the most powerful member of the House 
high-technology lobby. 

Several hundred scientists and engineer" 
have worked on the idea, the Department of 
Energy is now in the act andsomeSl2 million 
- most of it tax money - has been spent so 
fa r. And Americans are about to be asked to 
ante up the biggest sum yet. 

a viewpoint by Adam Hothschild 
Pacific News Service 

The s t ory of th e SSPS in vo lves a 
bureaucracy fighting for U.s life, an industrY 
eyeing the best pork barrel since the arms 
race a nd mino r cha rac ters inc luding 
California 's Gov. Jerry Brown. Whole Earth 
Catalog creator Stewart Brand , plus some 
people who want to mine the moon. 

Critics point wi th alarm to signs that solar 
satellites might mean globa l disaster. 

• They are colossa lly expensive. Boeing 
guesses tha t development of the technology 
would cost $40 to 580 billion. After thllt, 
mass-produced SSPSs would cost $7.6to$15 
billion each. according to the idea's inventor, 
Peter Glaser. Thatcould meanuotoone-and-
a-ha lf trillio n dollar for 112 . atellites 
envisioncd by the year 2025 in a NASA 
scenario. 

• They could also mean environmental 
catastrophe. say critics. Microwaves have 
been linked to cancer. cataracts, Down's 
s.v narom e ( mo n llOlj :~ m l " nr! n t hp r 
afflictions. Birds flyi ng through the heated 
column of air created by microwave beam 
would become heavily radiated. So might 
people in airplanes. 

Institute, it would take each satellite seven to 
10 years to pay the Ea rth back for the energy 
needed to build and orbit it. 

• SSPS would mean energy centralization. 
Utility monopolies would become even 
stronger than they are now. At a lime when 
solar power promises decentralized energy 
ema nating from r'Ooftops a nd loc a l 
windmills, the satellites wou ld generate 
ene rgy that coul d onl y be distributed 
centrally . 

Inventor Peter Glaser is aware of the e 
criticisms and says he has answers. 

Rega rding microwave hazard, he says the 
beam can be focused so closely that any 
radiation spill would be not only below the US 
danger standard but below the Soviet one. 
which is a thousandfold lower. 

A 1976 Energy Research and Development 
Administration study indicates this level of 
sa fety mi gh t be possible , but only by 
excluding people from microwave receiving 
areas, each of which would be half the size of 
Rhode I land. 

Glaser concedes that the problem of birds 
fly ing through the beam has not been solved 
and says extensive tests on the whole system 
are still needed. 

to catch the sun's rays: and Boeinj;! and 
Rockwell , both eyeing the contract for the 
super shuttle that would have to shoot the 
satellites out into orbit. 

Many other companies are eager to gel 
into the act. The Brown Foundation, which is 
fu nded by Brown and Root, the huge Texas 
industri a l constru ction firm , rece nt ly 
awarded a $100,000 grant to Rice University 
in Houston to study the SSPSs. 

From another direction comes NASA, with 
30 percent 01 Its employees out of work in the 
wake of the wave of government spending 
that put a man on the moon. The SSPSs would 
mean a use for the current big NASA project, 
the space shuttle which, said Bos, has been 
" a solution in search of a problem." NASA 
has already spent some $8 million looking 
into SSPSs. Dr. Alan M. Lovelace, NASA's 
deputy administrator, has said , "The next 
decade holds a thousand policy challenges in 
the area of space a pplicat ions , but the 
decision on wbether to exploit the sun for 
electric power may dominate them all. " 

Aside from aerospace fi rms and ASA, the 
olar satellite project is being promoted by a 

bevy of futurists . Foremost among them is 

Meanwnlle, work on the SSPSs goes on. At 
the Raytheon plant in Waltham, Mass., 
electrica l engineer William Brown displayed 
a th ing that looks like a n elongated spark 
plug with metal parts made of copper . He 
explained that the transmitting antenna in 
space will be made of .. a mill ion or so of 
these." 

Brown flic ked the lights off and the movie 
projector rolled. The scene was the desert 
near Barstow, Calif.. 1975. On a mountaintop 
a mile from the camera a 12-by-24-foot flat 
receiving antenna and a panel of floodlights 
were fastened to a metal tower. The camera 
panned to a large radar-like dish and the 
lights on the tower came on. Then the dish 
was aimed away ffom the mountain and the 
li ght s we nt off. Thirty kilowatts of 
elect ricity , enough for 20 homes , were 
transmitted through the air, without wires. 
So it can be done. It is awesome. 

Peter Glaser, when interviewed about his 
invention . rai ed a relevant question. if you 
don ' t like the SSPS, where are you gOlDg to 
get centrally distributed electrical energy? 

(Plea e turn to page 8) 

You shouldn't have to 
change banks every time 
you change lifestyles. 
Graduation is o ne time you change lifestyles. But it's cer-
tainly not the o nly time . 

[t happens when you move. It happens when you get 
married . It happens whe n you have children, take a new 
job, and so on. 

The point is, you sho uldn't have to worry about chang-
ing banks eve ry time it happens. 

And if your bank is Ba nk of America, you might not have 
to worry at all. 

For starters, with nearly twice as many locations as any 
other California bank, we're usua lly close by. [f ---~ 
you're moving within California, it's 
easy to transfer your account to 
whichever branch. is most convenient for you. 

Next, we o ffe r a wide range of checki ng 
plans to fit your changing needs. Uke our Al[-
in-One® Checking Plan, with several services 
in one simple package , including Bank-
America Travelers Cheques, commission-
free when purchased at any of our Califomia 
branches. We also offer loans fo r important 
needs that may crop up along the roads 

ahead. And BankArn,ericard® Visa, and Master Charge,1V 
if you qualify, to give you ready credit when you need it. 
We give you a choice of savings plans, too. From Regular 
Savings Accounts to long-term , higher-yield.Investors Pass-
books and Ce rtificates of Deposit. 

Later on, whether you need trust services or safe deposit 
service, we can help you there, too. [n fact, chances are what-
ever changes you make, Bank of America can probably help 
you m~ke them easier. 

We eve n have available fo r you a co ntinuing series 
of free Consumer Information Reports, helpful 

guides on such financial matters as "How 
To Establish Credit;' "Personal Money 

Planner:' and "Ways To S ave You r 
Money:' They're available at all our branches 
to help you through some of the changes. So 
why not stop by and talk things over. 

We serve more Californians than any other 
bank. And we'd like to serve you. 



,rtdey, M81 21 1~ 

f 
t 

--_I_~ ____ ------, Arts/Entertainment 
~EUCD t----~------~------~~----~~-Q\THOlIC CONtAAUNITY t Commentary 

w=~::!~~'!c~hedUle- , We are all closet Hitlers 
\ Sun: 1:35 am at Church t 

t 
t 
t 

, 10:30 am at Church Lounle t by Ted Burke 
5 pm at Church Contributinl Editor 

t In one of my more recent t U C t S D Weekday Mass Schedule - t scaborous dreams, I'm sitting • Mon-Fri: 5:30 pm at Church in a North County disco, my 
l Church - 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. J aJ'!1ls resti~g on the bar while I _ _~ ___ .. _________ mlJk what s left of an over-pnced, watered-down rum and 

\I\tOULDN'T YOU 

REALLY 
RATHER HAVE 

THIS 
YEAR'S IVIODEL? 

ELVIS 
COSTELLO 
THE SECOND 
ALBUM ON COLUMBIA 
RECORDS AND TAPES. 
PRODUCED BY NICK LO\NE. 

Appearing at the Civic Center 
with Nick Lowe on May 31, 1978 

coke. There's a dance floor the his grin fades and his jaw 
size of the average high school becomes slack. Another song 
gymnasium, bathed in multi- comes over the house PA, and 
colored lights, the sole purpose the sound infiltrates my entire 
of which is to disorient the central nervous system, 
dancers and render them into causing it to jangle like a wall 
something they're already not full of alarm clocks. I wrap my 
far from, a gaggle of robotized hands around the creeD's neck 
lemmings choreographing and slowly tighten my grip. His 
their way to oblivion. head phones came off and got 

The dancers, a well-dressed tangled in my arms. As the 
geek fest of middle aRed vahoos record ends and the needle 
frying to look ten years younger tracks on the label, the dancers 
- elder stud executives in $30 cease their S1. Vitous gyrations 
haircuts that are plastered over and take notice of what's going 
their ears like an ill kept lawn on in the booth, drawn to it, I 
creeping over the concrete; think, by the gagging and 
woman wearing jeans so tight gasping of the DJ. A moment 
that they have to undo their top later,' they begin to applaud. A 
buttons, and which advertise victory against mind control! ! 
the dimensions of their sexual Such things, though, usually 

How .. any 0/ us are fantasy Hitlers, 
Gandhis, Klans .. en, presidential 
candidates, poets, war heroes or Sons 
0/ Sa .. ? 
organs to those brave enough to 
gawk - are all out on the floor 
in force, shuffling aimlessly 
through a series of half-hearted 
two-steps and pelvic thrusts. 
The dance floor is too crow(led 
as it is to allow the svelte 
gymnastics of recent celluloid 
memory. Off in the corner, 
above the bar in a ply-wood 
panelled booth, is the disc jockey: tall, skinny and ugly, 
having a nose that looks as 
though it'd been mistaken for a 
doorbell more than once. He 
wears head phones, plays the 
records one after the other, and 
mumbles incomprehensible 
slogans through his micro-
phone, his words lost amid the 
munchkin choruses of Bee Gees 
songs. The dancers look like 
they're on the verge of some 
hideous death , their bodies 
sagging under their own weight 
like bags of garbage left in the 
sun too long. Their faces are 
pallid, looking drained of blood 
under the lights. I down the 
remains of my drink in one 
angry gulp and slam my fists on 
the bar. The bartender looks at 
me with his mouth agape. 

"I've had enough," I yell, 
" and I'm gonna put an end to 
this torture." The barkeep is 
frozen in his tracks. A woman 
screams. I jump over the bar, 
climb into the booth, and tap the 
DJ on the shoulder. At first he 
smiles as though he were Santa 
Claus flashing a benign grin at 
some sniveling creep kid with a 
list of things wanted as gifts, 
but upon seeing my expression, 

happen only in . the realm or 
nocturnal bliss. In real life, I 
harbor my hate for disco and 
all that I think it stands for -
sterility, mediocrity , the 
victory of machine over 
humankind, the transforma-
tion of people from free 
thinking consumers to com-
moditized non-entities who'll 
buy and consume anything 
under the excuse of the 
pleasure principle - in the 
privacy of my own discontented 
value system. We are, after all, 
rational beings committed to 
something promiscuously 
called a libertarian ethic , 
granting others the right to 
gravitate to things they want 
without the fear of censorship, 
reprisal, or punishment. For all 
the "right" issues, it seems the 
best philosophical stance . 
Addicts deserve their dope, 
intellectuals deserve their 
books, women who desire them 
should have abortions, workers 
deserve pride in their labors 
and should reap the highest 
economic rewards and artists 
deserve the maximum freedom 
for self, or social expression. 

But in my gut, far below my 
powers of reason and my 
limited capacity to make sense 
out of the universe, there lurks 
another impulse, a totalitarian 
urge, a wanting to destroy 
something not {or reasons of 
self-defense, but out of pure , 
mindless, self vindicating rage . 
In a state of mind not dissimi lar 
to the psvchotic newscaster in 

(Please turn to page 5) 

~==========~ FRIDAY nilE 
rL~'KI 

• Un/ftrlity E .... 1a Ottlc. Pr-'-

7 and 9:30 pm Tonight! Mandeville Auditorium 
Central Box Office, 452·4559 

Unlver.1I Evenl. Olllu 

• ,," , 1 
FrtI'IIIy, M81 21, 1.71 

Arts/Entertainment 
Something for everyone 

On June 2, 3 and 4, the UCSD Music Department will offer three 
different concerts - something for everyone. 

On the 2nd, 8 pm, Mandeville Recital Hall, the members of "201" 
- the graduate new music performance class - will give its 
concert for the quarter. The reception of th African Drumming 
Ensemble led by Paul Dresher was so enthusiastic that it will 
appear again, this time augmented with dancing . 

On June 3, the UCSD Gospel Choir under Cecil Lytle will be 
joined by the Jazz/Rock Vocal Ensemble of Palomar College 
directed by David Chase. 

This series of three concerts will conclude on June 4 8 pm 
Recital Hall, with an appearance by the UCSD Jazz Band: Howi~ 
Smith director. 

All three concerts are free . For information call 452-3229. 

We are all closet Hitlers ... 
(Continued from page 4) 
Network, I want to wipe disco 
off the face of the earth. 

The why of all this hate, you 
ask? Bluntly, there aren' t any 
good reasons. Rather, I think 
my reactions are symptomatic 
of an underlying paranoia, 
something that I've tried to 
deny having , something I 
believe most of us share but 
don' t want to cop to. Personal-
ly, my contempt for disco may 
in fact be a sublimation of 
suppressed aggression, s~em­
ming from a life of having to 
back down from fights, having 
to put up with a lot of pettiness 
and mockery at the hands of the 
nabobs I attended Catholic 
school with (because J read 
books, had acne, and was 
nearly half dead at the time), 
misguided relationships with 
women, and other so-what 
skeletons from my closet. In all 
these cases, I forced my reason 
to overtake my gut reactions. 
Through the years I've walked 
around "knowing better" 
(taking solitude in the fact that 
I was smarter than most 
people), while the darker side 
of my character chewed at my 
stomach lining like a peptic 
ulcer. I'd even con.vince myself 
I was beyond racism, when 
until recently, I realized that I 
was a xenophobic as everyone 
else . Disco , far beyond the 
obvious complaints one could 
make about it, became my 
_duck-in-the-barrell, an easy, 
indefensible target that could 
be speared relentlessly and 
without mercy. It was an easy 

target upon which to empty my 
stores of rage and anger. My 
ranting - at parties, night-
clubs, concerts, record stores 
- went beyond responsible 
pop cultural criticism. The 
subject was , and is, my 
platform from which to tell 
people what they ought to think, 
and how they ought to behave. 

Of course, that' last tirade 
could be totally fallacious , and . 
could be just an easy excuse for 
me to sling together some 
flashy sentences. (Newspaper 
columnists, egotists of the first 

orde~ have a marked tendency 
to drop bombshells with rio 
further investigation, a habit 
coming from falling in love with 
your own voice.) But the kernel 
of truth remains, I think. All of 
us bright and talented students 
who ' ve developed abstract 
ways of dealing with the world 
(a world that could care less 
about our erudition) have a 
boogieman under the skin who 
wants out. Most people I know 
are walking contradictions . 
How many of us are fantasy 
Hitlers, Gandhis, Klansmen, 
presidential candidates, poets, 
war heroes, Vista volunteers, 
rev.olutionaries or Sons of Sam? 
How many of us can truthfully 
maintain , after the most 
probing introspection, that they 
are the lump sum of every good 
intention they 've ever es-
poused? How many of us would 
like to conquer the world and 
put a stop to all the non-sense 
we perceive? More than you'd 
imagine, I'd wager. 

BOBBY KELTON 
JED DEHART 

GAI.LAGHER 
at Muir Cafeteria 

Wedne.sday, May 31, 8:30 

University Events OHlce 
thcd4 ,. pn ~ -flfMnt 

~ 1977-1111 

. ·trftbn times 

~there aren't 
70 songs on the 
Rick Lowe album. 

Nick Lowe sta.rted 70 
songs before he wound 
up with what has now 
emerged 8B h1B first solo 
album. But only 12 made 
it on to "Pure Pop for 
Now People~' 

To understand why 
N1ck Lowe would record 
a.bout 6 times more mate-
rial than he needed to, 
you have to undemta.nd 
Nick Lowe. Which 18n't 
easy. 

Until h1B solo album, 
most people knew of 
Nick Lowe 8B a producer. 
He produced both Elvis 
Costello albums, Graham 
Parker's "Howlin' Wind;' 
a.nd a whole bunoh of 
stuff for Stifl'Records in 
England. 

But Nick Lowe 18 a 
certlfled musician too. 

And he's got his par 
pers 8B a songwriter. 

And there's detlnits 
evidence that he ca.nslng. 

As a member of 
BrinBley Schwarz, Nick 

did all those things. He 
sJso toured with Dave 
Edmunds and played on 
the Stltr'Ibur. Nick Lowe 
has done it all . And he's 
developed very defIn1te 
feel!ngS about how pop 
musIC should be made. 
MJIAlIG l'1' DOWJr ABD 
Ulft' l'1'UP." That's how 
NICk Lowe deecr1bes his 
CWTent phllosophy on 
recording. He likes to 
work quickly, capture 
the energy whlle it's still 
fresh. You can hear it on 
the albums he produced. 
And you can hear it on 
his own album. There 
are lots of "take one's " 
on a Nick Lowe album. 
Because If th1ngs aren't 
falling together, Nick 
w1ll move on to som&-
thing else (for the time 
being, at least). That's 
why his albums with 
Elvis and Graham have 
a power that seems to 
elude most recordingS. 
Nick Lowe won't waste 
b1S time. Or~. 

And that s a prtmary 
reason why you'll ProO-
ably never hear the 58 
songs he chose not to 
put on h1B a.lbum. 

AB ABSOLUor. 
XDJ,wB . N1ck Lowe's 
solo album has been a 
long time cOming. In an 
interview N1ck gave in 
October, he prom1sed his 
English followers , " I 
won't release the album 
until I am sa.t.lBtled that 
it's an a.bSOlute killer. 
And I don't care how long 
that ta.kes~' Unlike other 
art18ts wbo spend their 
studlotime la.bor1ng over 
each t.ra.ck, cree.tlng "art:' 
N1ckspent b1S time bash-
lng out songs, one a.ft.er 
another, until he had a 
ckmm with the quality 
and the energy tha.t he 
was strtvlng for. "I think 
of everyth1ng in terms 
of two-and-a-half, t.hreEr 
minute pictureS. Every 
s pare bit, every bit you 
don't need, dump it~' 
orODAY ' S KUSIC 
'1'ODAY_ It's obvious that 
N1ck Lowe has his own 
very strong 1dea.s about 
what rock (,! roll records 
should be like. 

And it's obvious from 
l18ten1ngto his Columbia. 
album, " Pure Pop for 
Now People~ that N1ck 
Lowe 18 right. 

"PURE pop FOB. NOW PBOPLE~ 
THE lUCK LOWE ALBUM, on 
Columbia B.ecords and. Tapes. 

Appearing at the Civic Center 
with Elvis Costello 

on May 31, 1978 

, .. 5 



Deadlines .pproecblna 
I Make reservatlonlnow! 
, 

r 

... ~ CIEE , 
ANNOUNCES 

STUDENT ·PLIGHT 
REDUCTIONS 
TO EUROPE 

• Save SI5 on any CIEE Roundtrip Chaner! 
• Combine any two CIEE flights to suit your schedule! 
• Select your own route to/from Paris, Amsterdam or Zurich! 
• Return when you wlnt! 
• Conl'lrm your CIEE Oisht in advance! 
• Don', risk airport stand-by! 
• Select frona CIEE's nationwide schedule! 

ASK US ABOUT CIEE's: 

* Special Children's Fares! 
* One-way Charters! 
* FREE Student Travel Catalog! 
CONT ACT: CIEE Student Trani Services 

CSO Student Center B·023 
La Jolla. Calif. 92093 

, (714) 452·0630 
Facts valtd thru July 20. 1978. ExtenSion pendin& CAB appro"'a l 

20 day adlf. OCC purchue required . SealS LimIted. 

(j 3 i141j$ ANp WOLF & RISSMILLER CONCERTS PRESENT .. 

SPECiAl GUEST STAR 

1\1 Dif\eola 
SATURDAY MAY 27 

SAN DIEGO CIVIC THEATER 
All seats reserved. $ 6.50. 5.50. 

Tickets available at Center Box Office, 202 "C " St. . all 
Select·A·Seat outlets and Son Diego County 

Bill Gamble's Stores. 
Information: (714) 23~6510 

PRODUCED BY WOLF &. RISSMILLER CONCERTS 

SPECIAL AUTO 
Insurance Rates for 
COLLEGE STUDENTS 
INSURANCE CENTER 

276·9261 

s orts 
JM basketball ranking. 
Poontangers struggle in AAA 
When the intramural three-

on-three basketball season 
began eight weeks ago, Tri~n 
varsity eager Joe Greenstem 
boasted that he and his 
teammates, Howard, "I can 
slamdunk my mo-ped" Grun-
loh and Tom Polk, would waltz 
through their league and 
tapdance on the windpipes of 
their playoff opposition all the 
way to the AAA championship. 

A note of overconfidence was 
detected in Greenstein's words. 

With just two weeks left in the 
season, Jumpin' Joe, Howard 
arid Tom are only in a first 
place tie in the Pacers League 
with B-Ball Clinic and just a 
mere game away from slipping 
into fifth place (Certain Death 
is 8-3, right behind Greenstein's 
squad Poon Tangers (8-2) 
followed by Funky Dunk at 8-4) . 
So much for pre · season 
thoughts. ' 

Topping the three men's 
divisions this week are B·Ball 
in the AAA, Hustler in the AA 
and Filidious in the A 

Wa&erpolo 
The Wet Dreams, Deep Float 

and the Quacks hold the 
number one rankings in this 
week's 1M AAA, AA and A 
waterpolo divisions. 

The top five in each division 
with season records and points 
are: 

AAA - Wet Dreams (5-0), 
first place in the Banana 
League 103 points ; Eager 
Beavers (4-{), first place in the 
Orange League with 71 points; 
Flotilla (3·1), second place in 
the Banana League with 42 
points; Hot Tuna (2-1), second 
place in the Orange League 
with 43 points and Turnios (2· 
1), third place in the Orange 
League with 35 points. 

AA - Deep Float (5-0), first 
place in the Apple League with 
71 points; Groove Tubers (4-0), 
first place in the Berry League 
with 97 points; Strokers (4-0), 
second pla-ce in the Apple 
League with 56 points; Tubed 
(3-1), second place in the Berry 
League with 64 points and Mann 

the Orrs (3·2), third place in the 
Apple League with 83 points. 

A - Quacks (5-{). first place 
in the Prune League with 67 
points; Wet Dreams (5-0), first 
place in the Plum League with 
36 points; Dankins (4-0), first 
place in the Pear League with 
89 points; Fallopian Tubes (4-
0), first place in the Peach 
League with 35 points and Come 
Again (4-{)) , second place in the 
Pear League with 77 points. 

Indoor Soccer 
??????? won again to 

strengthen its first place 
stranglehold in the Catfish A 
League of indoor intramural 
soccer. In the only other game 
played last week, the Kickers 
beat the Phreds. The standings 
in the Catfish Lea~ue: 

1) ??????? (4-0) 29 pts . 
2) Gonzos (5· 1) 36 pts. 
3) Kickers (3·1) 20 pts. 
4) Paragon (2-3) 15 pts. 
5) Wallban2ers (2-3\ 24 pts. 
6) Phreds (1-4) 16 pts. 
7) Werewolves (0-4) 7 pts . 

Pain: holistic approach sweeps field ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
treatment, he said, but the 
pain is still there and can be 
treated medically. 

Classical approach 
" In the past the classic 

medical aDO roach has been in 
the hands of the neurosurge· 
ons ," said Ignelzi. "The 
procedure was to destroy by 
one means or another the 
nerve center that would 
receive the pain messages 
from the rest of the body." 

There are a number of 
disadvantages to this method. 
One is that the patient is left 
with a neurological defect. 
For instance, i the pain had 
originated in the hand and 
surgery was performed that 
stopped the pain coming from 
the hand it would also leave 
the hand numb. I£ the patient 
were to place the numb hand 
on a hot stove he wouldn' t be 
able to feel it and could be 
burned badly. 

Futhermore, the pain 
sometimes returns in six to 18 
months. Why it returns is not 
really known. It may have to 

do with regeneration o( the 
destroyed nerve center, the 
brain may have stored the 
memory and is reproducing it, 
or other nerves may grow into 
the destroyed region. 

This entire approach of 
treating chronic pain, des· 
truction of nervous tissue, was 
radically altered in 1965 with 
the advent of a theory of pain 
that suggested stimulation of 
the nervous system , not 
destruction, was the proper 
approach. 

The gate theory of Melzack 
and Wall said information is 
carried from the body to the 
spinal cord by a number of 
different types of nerves , 
some transmitting informa· 
tion quickly, others slowly. 
The quickly transmitting 
nerves travel from propriore' 
ceptors that inform the brain 
about the body's position in 
space and how it is moving. 
Some of the slow nerves carry 
pain impulses. 

The essence of the theory 
states that. if propriorecep· 
tor information is brought 

SEX, rnJGS 
& 
VIOLE~ 

FILM FESTI\AL 
sex rrad'ess 

reefer rradress 
assorted shorts 

THURS, JUNE l USB 2722 
Tick. ,. at !he ucso 80" 011 Ice 
_no ' 52· 4SS9 7 om 9:2{J $1.25 

quickly to the spinal cord, it can 
shut a gate at the spinal cord 
that doesn't allow the slower 
moving pain impulses to get by. 

When you stub your toe, for 
example, you are aware of it 
immediately by virtue of the 
proprioreceptors and quickly 
transmitting nerves. The pain 
soon follows , but can be 
relieved by rubbing the toe, 
which stimulates the propriore-
ceptors again, acting to shut the 
gate at the spinal cord. 

The theory is not widely 
accepted today, but it did serve 
to stimulate a tremendous 
amount of research in the area 
of using stimulation for pain 
relief. 

Body'! own opiates 
Currently, research is 

directed towards the notion 
that the body synthesizes its 
own opiates to control pain . 
Five to six years ago these 
chemicals were isolated and 
given the name enkephalins. 
These enkephalins are the basis 
for the action of pain-killers 
such as morphine. It is 
precisely because of mor· 
phine's chemical resemblance 
to the enkephalins that it can 
mimic the action of the enkep-
halins and use the body's own 
pain control system to relieve 
the agony. 

"The central nervous system 
has a way of inhibiting pain by 
releasing these compounds 
(enkephalins) to stimulate a 
descending pathway that goes 
to the spinal cord and shuts off 
the pain," explained Ignelzi. 

In various chronic pain 
treatment centers around the 
country electrodes are being 

(Please turn to page 8) 

'78 DATSUN 
B·210 

• 

'OPKONOMY 
Plus GOOD LOOKII 
NOW'I nil t.-1O IUT .. 
NIW NftUN ••• &AHaT 
IWnNmtT IYIII 

SAN DIEGO 
DATSUN 

.t .......... · ... 
MIllION y~~' 
-............ -.. .., ..... _--

personals 
NUDErockdance/ pa"yMoy2a U.tb..nd H •• te<! 
pool ,,"I" '5/ :16' 

ocloblo!OU· rilm and diM-u.uion .... riday May ~. 
7. 311 pm. HL Aud t" .... Ch,ldclre. SponlQred by 
Groundwork C04lect.ve and Science lor the Peopl 
45204241 It/HI 

Siudent Adwoc.'H. We can help! We bandle ull 
,ypes of problema Revette Piau dally IH or4$l· 
~151.1 

Jutereittd In bein,'lIatr writer (or Tritoo Times" 
Contact Jolin at TT orne< in Studenl c..nter. 

tr one prob~m it not bay.nt lOI'I\tOIIe 10 talk 10, 
.. Ive II. Call FOCUS Helpline 45:1-44511 6-1% pm 

Muir Procram Board poIitionl are tailored made. 
There'. ODe to ru you.! Awlieatlonl in Re.ldenl 
lIali. OICIce - laol day' 

LaJtday lO apply for MUlrProeram Boardpoeilions 
_ applicalionl in MUir Re.ident HIIII OfCice. 

To Bob ,Crom Albertal Tho BLACK PARTY won' l 
be the umenextyearunlessyou decide on UCSB -
Rhondallnl 

LoIt silver el,srette case from Peikinl· It 1I of 
infinite sentimental \·olue. PLEA E PLEA E 
RETURN R .... ard oCCered Cell x4564 or 431·9731. 
7SS·71%I 1$/31) 
6 da)'. after the Dead play Santa Barbara , I da)' 
aCter cia ses end. 3 days before final. s tan ..• tS /26J 

.-

The Mike Reed Quartet playa free jan concen 
unday nite 9: 00 at the Side Door don 't miss this 

(51%61 
I (you atttaldn, O-Chem lhi5 aummer and livin, sl 
Mea. ApU Pleau contact Diane 4S3 · 1377 

wanted 
VACATION WITHOUT MONEY ia a vacaUon 
w ithout fun Have (un. Earn the extra money ),OU 
need by worluna: a few hours a day , Phone 291 ·2517 
e veninl' for appointment. No phone interview. 
151261 
Earn I· men , 21 ·$0 , needed for plycholollcal 
experlnlem. in LaJolla. Please call 4$2-4750. Leave 
name .. It I 

I'm transltrnnl to UCLA next year - 8m Jookin, 
'or female roomale.J . Call Andrea 45S·t.W 1612) 
Help W'.led; Salel cl.rIll. d""otor • . CaIlW-4t55 
'6121 for sale 
t.ereo sy.ttm: Bic", tumLlible , ROlel receiver, 2: 

Lancer . peakers. 1 year okl. Movlne, must sell. 
ExceileDl 1150 Eleny "H'716 t51.) 

19'15 SUlukl street bike. 2SOcc. _DOd condition. S3OO. 
75Ht 13 tv ... 15 /31) 
25 " bic)"cle - RaieilhGrand Prix w/boolr rack. new 
tiree, IUntour deralier 175 call Nick 452·2510 (~ / 26' 

AR turntable model XA . B.Ie.nd dutt cover. Shure 
hl.trock cartrld,e. ' 50 . Nell 453 ·7105 15116) 

VW Sedun 61 IlOOO ml. enllRe , IMtrlor In lreal 
• hope SlOO O ,'111 "I"k 452 257015 111 1 

housing 
'I roommate. ,,~ "';, ., • ...,. "''''')l oor Condos rli:!II r 
UCSD. Own room POOl \,.... • mdy 4$94107' e~rI )' 
~m or tile 16/ 21 

Summer rental. . inele .nd douhle room In Del 
Mitr. J block lrom the beac h . "SI20·' 150. AVliJllab~ 
Juno 21 . poUlblHlY or year I .... CoIl 7l15-7404 and 
uk (or Andrew or Cohn (TBM 

HaY(' to ftlove out o(yourbeaulllul Drl Mar apt IhlS 
ummer+ Come Ii"'e 1ft mine Sise/ mo I bill frm 

beach. Call Sara " t 4II-alIO momina. Keep u'y,nf 
tSIIli. 

Wanted Mesa HGUS,n. contrart (or summer , 
Lookln, to pedd le yours ! 1157114 151 21 1 

Nted I 'emale roomate share rm 12M m o Cen 
U.lands for summerlt / or rai L Karf'll otl5 '3 14 j~ '26 ' 

Tv.'o femille roomates wanted condo ...... btock be&eh 
Leucaella ,t:lS • monlh • • 11 (2131 13704131 ask Cor 
COMJe «SJ31) 

I male roommate needed for ,,,·'79 school yea r 
oceln (ront in Del M a r 75 $· 76 7 7 1$ / 31) 
GlrlJ21urnlahed rooms S mile. from campus In No. 
Cla lremonl qulel u .. oC kitchen $lOCI mo. 80b 272· 
53111. 16121 

2 remale roommates wanted 11=. a month . I blcx:k 
from beach In Leucadia - call (213) 131-4121 aak for 
COMie 

Student and!pou want sub-Iel, I or 2 bdrm .. 
approx " I to I l l, dateJ nea. Eve. (4151 327·3941. 

servi.ces 
Typlne - Manlyn would like 10 fulfill your typinl 
noedI - .xpert. rea"",able. has 18M . Ca1l 2'1H721. 
1611) • 

EED A TYPIST· Reasonable rJl;t!S. upe:rienced 
Cali o Cur I ~ ; SO . Ka,h le Z1I · Ut9 1f"1 
ProfeSSIOnal TYPln, Realonabl~ Rat es . IBM 
Correcun, Sel«'lric all tor free Estimate. Gail 
411·7541) 16 /9. 
I' ROfESSIONAt. TYPING. reasonable r,' rI . 
Villace Secret .. ri nl. 12Q5 Prospe<:1 no 250, Lu Jolla 
4501 ·6)16 ITBAI 
Typin • . experienC'ed . thel ..... dlIJtrtations. 
reasonable ratn. "fuality auaranlftd. Call Cindy 
21O-Z23I (612 ) 

T ' tn,-e ~riellced . reliable. rea:tonable IBM c~~rt"Ctl~& Sele-:tn .. · CiiU an><t.ime 455 ... . 27. M ~. 
Okt • . tS/ t ) 
TYPING! IBM St'iectrlcterm tla L. " t'S. : hc5c2t. PhD , 
di r1atJoru:. editinRs. H SH JOlt:-o 4$3·06,.. 560-
1171 ..... 936 4"j· lf>13 161111 
Tho Service Work .... aupport .... up ia holdin, III 
Wtlal motUne Tuesday , May :10, 1m In lb. North 
ConC ....... Room at 7 pm. Stud .. 11 Caculty and 
atarr are invited 10 attend, 1'be meetlq wit proyide 
.tu<Wnta with the opportunity of leam!nr aboUt tbe 
conditions (aced by aervloe workers and otber low· 
paid workera iu San Die-co Count)' . and the wa)'1 
lbal Kudenu can support I'" .Crotll o' 1_ 
workers to ora.nile, 

.. 1.1. 
.... 

Surnm« positions 
available. Earn $8.00 
to $8.00 or more per 

hour; fun or pert time; 
wartl near home. 

Want to learn men? 

Int.est meeting to be held: 
June I 

Padre Trail Inn 
4200 (Old Town) 

2pmor7pm 
Sltm Room 

No phone all please 
Fuller Bru h 

. triton- times 

Trailwile flU 21e.t tl50: Trailwl .. no, n .... k .. : 
North'.ce Sorrow Parka m : Nt" BIIfOOl Sa, M5: . 
Rollel :I&S wllh Rollel E 158 nUll. Never"ltd.tili on 
warranty. J have recelpU. 11$5%72'320Z bt'or:e'am. 
'72 VW Camper 54K·ml Gre.uMpe ' HI~hl a.W 
TV 25 . 10 Speed btke 13.1 CIII Kerry 46S-11U ev .. 
(5131) 
Sktbtd' Lo,an Earth Ski board, GIlII WinelruciU. ' 
whee". Hardly ever UIed W call J.ff, W4 .. 
15131) 

Sale' Piano upriah' en-ellent condition •• or bat 
oller , C.II Joe ewenin •• 452·.", U / Jl) 
lit " (ull divin. wetHil never been used for IOII"IeOnt 
under 5'7" • eIl.ln, Jactet "5 .all .IIZ-NM 8r1an 
151311 

Ic..apeed men'l C. ttoh Japanese racine bicycle: , 
LoolunewUnUIOOtt' ~ ,. -, · J ~ r.t· ·~ll3am (Sill) 

travel 
C IEE announ cu new . a ppruvt>d ONE . WAY 
CHARTERS' Confirmed leal! ca n now be booked to 
Pan . Am terdam. Zurich' Prff'e' be In at 1215 
(rom San .... rancl$CO/ Loi Anc I . 1199 l rom New 
York FI) 1n1 round· tnp thr pnce lot' down when 
)'00 combine any two ClEf n 'lhLl Ihm suit tour 
schedule· Select you r own route' Com IH' UI a t 
CIEE tudent Travel Serv lCf:J CCS D SludPn( 
Center B m La Joll .. C 92093 171 4) 4~2 OJ)HI 
weekday rrom 113 IT8A ) 
LookinJ for adventure thiJ weekend· 2 I tuderiLl 
(up. aailors i sailin, . Ioop tD LA. look1n& for 2 
people to book passa.e. leave 0 Sat. dawn. arrive 
Moo noon. a irfare. caravada ble: caIlJlm4l.· 1546 
by 1 pm '5128) 

-

lost & found 
I 10lt my e heckbook In APM or therea bou ts 
Monday, II yoo Coond It pl .... c.1I m • . t:ellie 459· 
mo. 

Elvl. Coot.ll0 tickell'" 5123 Woold appreciate III 
return by 5/ 31. Please tum in at police mdon or 
call Jim at 2'1'O-25t3 

GRANT CENTER 
POSITIONS 
Available NOW! 

Student Jobs: 
• Director 
• Project Coordinator 
• Grants Director 
• Staff Interns 
SCURI - Stud.nt C.nt.r for 

Undergraduate R •••• rch .nd Innovation 

One Year Positions starting Sept. 1978 
Approx. $4.80/hour 

983 India ! 
327 F Street i 

PAYSDONORS i i for 'Service i 
Mon . . Frl. ; 
233-5481 .; 
234·4601 : 

.. ... ,..~~"u_ ........ _ ....... """"'-"'.~._ .. _.t 

Apply at Student Employment 
Contact ASUCSD at x4450 

LICUADOS LTD. 
Grand Opening Today! 

Where: La Jolla Blvd. at Pearl 

What is a Iicuado? From Mexico, 

... an ingenious combination of fresh fruit. water. and ice capable of 
quenching the most powerful thirst known to mankind . We add no 
sugar. but provide natural sugar 0 that you can weeten yours the 
way you like it. 

For only $1.00, you get 32 ounces of pure refreshment... 

j 

'. 

DRINK IT HERE OR TAKE T TO THE BEACH! 

, 

.-/ ~ .../"--­

inee our fruit i Crt h, we mll t offer election 
on a sea onal ba i - for pener we have 
lime , oranges , grapefru i ' , watermelon . 
trawberrie . pineapple. mang , and papaya . 

just to name a few. 

Hour: II am-II pm. 7 DAY A W EK 
Phone: 4 4·39)0 

. 



triton 

. ts don't run UC~ Dymally says ..• 
(CoBb from pale 1) in the day care sit-in, Dymally initiative would make it Dymall.y warned that the 

Tbe Relents wE,iven their said he would phone McElroy P.,Ossible to fire school teachers move agamst gays could result 
power by an am ent to the Thursday morniDJ and urge If they admitted to being gay or in harr~8~en~ of other groups. 
California Consti ution thatlets him to contl'ct t"e San Die"o supported gay rights. He saId It IS a question ?f 
them operatE s a private City Attorney in reference to "Our children are threatened w~ether any group o~ people In 
corporation, a ' Dymally. the matter. not by gays b~t by incompetent thiS state can remam free of 

"The Regent. uld initiate teachers, " said Dymally. harrasment. 
tuition without he approval Dymally also said he would 
of) the legislRture," said try to get the day care issue on 
Dymally, "all they need is a the Regents agenda for 
majority vote. " Tuition would September. 
probably result if the Jarvis- Dymally said the Bakke case 

,Gann tax initiative passes in is "part of the withdrawal of 
June, he added, pointing out commitment. .. that is coming 
that the result of tuition would from a very select group of 
be to keep low-income students intellectuals who invented the 
from attending the university term reverse discrimination." 
and putting a bur4en on the He identified Ivy League 
state and community colleges intellectuals as paradigmatic 
where these students would of the select group. 
tum to. An underlying problem in the 

Bakke case is the small number 
of spots available in medical 

Pain: new approach •.. 
(Continued from page 1) Rese a rch is a I so be i ng 
surgically implanted into the directed towards synthesizing 
brains of patients. The patients in the laboratory the enkepha-
have control over the elec- lins. These could be adminis-
trodes through transmitters tered to relieve pain much as 
and can trigger them at will, morp.hin«:, but without the 
stimulating the enkephalin negative SIde-effects. 
system in the brain. With a 15 "The whole idea is instead of 
minute use the patient can destroying, you stimulate the 
relieve the pain for six to 12 body to control pain," said 
hours , depending upon the Ignelzi. "You use the body's 
individual. own mechanisms." Dymally termed the Regents 

"a very elitist group", noting 
there have been few minorities 
serving on the board in its 100 
year history. 

schools that are being sought Arrest 
after by enormous numbers of ••• Fee hike ..• 
highly qualified applicants , (Continued from page I) 
said Dymally. 

(Continued from page 1) 
-Announced, under the 

auspices of Elections Commis-
sioner Phil Ganazer, that a 
referendum to determine the 
extent of student support for 
Day Care, as directed by 
Chancellor McElroy will be 
held during fall quarter. 

Arrested students 
Reiterating his intention to 

encourage Chancellor McElroy 
not to pursue the charges 
against the 21 students arrested 

" I intend to make it (gay 
rights) a part of my campaign. 
The Briggs initiative is a 
classic example of the demogo-
gery we have seen surfacing in 
politics now ." The Briggs 

Zionism called enemy ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
the expressions and partners of 
Zionism." 

In viewing the present day 
struggle of the' Palestinians, 
Rahman sees an "Israeli warof 
genocide," but quickly con-
cluded to an applauding 
audience that "the Palestinian 
cannot be defeated." 

"Weare a movement of the 
people," said Rahman. " We 
are struggling for our national 
existence. We will not fail." 

Pointing to the current Prime 
Minister of Israel, Menachem 
Begin, Rahman detailed his 
1948 involveme nt in the 
massacre of "254 Palestinian 
women and children", and 
questioned the leadership of the 
kind of man who saw, and 
continues to see, such an action 
being necessary in establishing 
the nation of Israel. 

Working out a philosophical 
argument against "the occu-
piers" , Rahman said, "If you 
are the oppressors you cannot 
be free yourself." Of the 
current "Fascist" Israeli 
regime, Rahman cited syste-
matic torture, various mas-
sacres and a state "that is 
worse than the Nazis in their 
dealings with the Palestinian 
people ." 

No flowers 
Rahman asserted, .. After 

what has been done to us, I don't 
think anyone can expect us to 
throw flowers on the Israelis." 

It was the question and 

answer period that drew a 
number of retorts and chal-
lenges to Rahman's rhetoric. 
One person asked Rahman's 
rationale for " the people of the 
PLO going into Israel and 
killing people?" After clarify-
ing the question to his own 
semantics, Rahman answered, 
"We do not go into Israel to kill 
people. We go into an occupied 
Palestine to try to liberate it." 

A seasoned speaker, Rahman 
attempted to turn the chal-
lenges to his own advantage. 
One questioner decried the 
PLO "state" as irresponsible in 
not being able to control its own 
people's acts of terrorism, to 
which Rahman replied, "The 
US government cannot even 
control guns in New York 
City." In another instance, 
when a member of the audience 
was attempting to explain the 
Israeli mentality and outlook 
on Middle East territory 
through Biblical interpreta-
tions, Rahman countered, "I 
didn't know that God was a real 
estate broker." 

At the end of the proceeding 
many members of the audience 
stood and clapped, "Long live 
Palestine " , while others 
walked silently and tight-lipped 
to the doors . The explosi e 
Middle East situation, geo-
graphically distanced from 
UCSD by thousands of miles, 
seemingly worlds apart , 
suddenly didn 't seem so far 
away. 

Graduation 
Special 

For 
Students 

at Janice's 

Haircuts - Only $8 
reg. 512 

Jam e's a/ons 
4MJ Po,4 Bltd 
J97'8J {f 

J]l rh"d A .. 
( hula -- " ta 
4J~·UJI 

&"h ,%n\ t-'~n 
Mun· l " 9~8 .\UI Ii""' .. 

(includes shampoo. cut, blow dry) 

Janice 's Hair Garden 
I!' O PtlH,""" 

.\1 Arllor Plo:o I Q 10110 
4.' 4-Jfl17 

ood thru June 26, 1978 

district attorney would agree 
with the arrest." 

Witnesses of the incident 
stated Gibbs remarked to them 
he was trying to help a 
protestor who fell down during 
the mass arrest. 

There were children present 
a t the time of the arrest , 
however, Branen wanted to 
make it known that Gibbs' son 
was not present. 

Gibbs is being held at San 
Diego County jail in lieu of$2000 
bail. 

-Formed an Ad Hoc Com-
mittee to compose letters to 
both McElroy and John Witt, 
San Diego City Attorney, 
requesting that charges 
against the 21 students arrested 
in the day care sit -in be 
dropped. 

Solar satellites ... 
(Continuett' from page 1) 

Pressed, he conceded that decentralized solar energy has great 
potential, but said he believes that the problem is getting people to use 
it. "It's not a technology problem, it's a people problem," he said. 

SSPS critics argue that no single technology can replace the 
potentially disastrous ways we generate energy now. But the last few 
years have seen an increasingly defined consensus on major 
alternatives: conservation, photovoltaic cells, biomass conversion, 
solar Heat and other decentralized techniques . 

Better insulated buildings, slower-accelerating and lighter cars, 
better mass transit and the u e of waste industrial heat can cut down 
significantly on energy use . 

The same cells needed for a satellite power station could convert 
unlight to electricity on rooftops. With proper government support, 

these photovoltaic eels can become economic on a wide scale. 
Biomass conversion is what happens when you burn a log in your 

fireplace , convert frostbitten crop into alcohol to power engines or 
generate energy with sawmill wastes. 

Solar heat could upply one-third of California'S spa e and hot water 
heating requirements, according to a study by the NASA-funded Jet 
Propulsion Laboratory. Its potential varies regionally , depending on 
climate. 

However, the Carter admini tration is cutting back by om $10 
million thi country's small budget for earth-bound solar research. 
Already , ten time ' as much f deral money goes for nuclear r search as 
for olar. The Energy D partment is firmly under the control of men 
who e careers have been built on nuclear power. 

In what is probably the most compreh nsiv stud yet done on 
renf'wable energy, Denis Hayes of the World Watch In tilute calculates 
that by the year 2000, 40 percent of the world' energy budget could be 
met from renewable ources. By 2025 humankind could get 75 percent of 
it en rgy needs from solar re our ('s, without satellites. 

Such a transition involves profound tructural change. Rooftop solar 
cells would undermine the utilities . Conservation means mailer and 
lighter car . Alcohol fuel can be made in a decentralized way from a 
varity of crops and would everely threaten the oil industry. 

The energy problem i neither a t chnical nor a people problem. It is 
olitical. 

PHOTO 
SUPPLIES 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 
UCSDBudpt 

Numben Accepted 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 

*LOW COST 
*CONFIDENTIAL 

*S:rUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTEO 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 

,rIMy, • ., ft, 1m 

CHARTERS 
APEX·SKYTRAIN 

Student Fares 
Europe-Hawaii 

Don " Take Chances 
291-8141 

DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEL. INC. 

DeVlLLB 
RICK 
LOWI 

WID 
IlOCKPlLI 

WEDNESDAY, 
MAY 31 

San Diego Civic 
Theatre 

seats reserved. $6,50, 
Tickets available at Center 
Box Office. 202 "e" St .. all 
Select·A·Seat outlets and 

Son Diego County 
Bill Gamble's Stores. 

Information: (714) 236-6510 
PRO[)l)CI [) III 

WOlf I. RI<; <, MIL Lf f< ( m~( L HI'> 

TEIT P"IPAInITION 
'PICIALIITI IINCI ,,_ 

Visit Our Ctnten 
And Set For Yourself 

WIly W ...... The Differ.nce 
Call Days, Eves .. Wee •• ncli 

San 0' go Cent ... 
2180 Garnet Aft . 

PlciflC Beach 92109 

Phone (71.) 27 ... 1. 


