
-
MISSING PAGES 
. . 

February 27, 1978 

Vol. 33 

No. 21 

Pages 
3-4 

UCLA Reprographic Service • 



Special Med School admissions explored 
by Reed Alpert admissions subcomittee (SAS~ , 

Associate News Editor and Leydon (Skip) Jones, a 
"'I think we have another fourth year medical student 

decade to go before we see who was admitted through the 
disadvantaged students SAS. 

~ompeting on an equal basis," The SAS, according to 
said Dr . Charles Spooner, Spooner, uses the criteria of 
Associate Dean of admissions disadvantaged in determining 
at the UCSD Medical School. which applicants are admis-

"The basic philosophy of the sible through the SAS. "We look 
special admissions program is at the applicants in terms of 
to provide opportunity of their opportunity to reach their 
access to all levels of society in full, academic potential," said 
the state of California," he Spooner. If any social, econo-
continued. mic , or educational factors 

The Medical School admis- have kept them from attaining 
sions program , potentially this then they are considered 
sensitive to the Bakke case, disadvantaged. 
was explored by the Triton Disadvantaged vs. ethnic 
Times in interviews with The SAS recruits and enrolls 
Spooner, Dr. Percy Russell, disadvantaged students, as 
chairman of the special opposed to any particular 

ti 
Volume 33, Number 21 UC San Diego 

Both sides confident 

ethnic group, said Spooner. If 
properly utilized, the criteria of 
disadvantaged will include a 
sufficient number of minority 
students, he continued. 

" The committee (SAS) feels 
that low-income is less of a 
handicap than social isolation 
and poor schooling," he added. 

Spooner noted that the 
Medical School faculty is 
• 'becoming much more conser-
vative" in terms of looking at 
the criteria for admissions . 
Factors such as G.P.A. and 
standardized test scores are 
being more heavily relied upon, 
said Spooner. 

This reliance is turning the 
focus away from the abilities 
needed to be a quality doctor, 
said Spooner. "The students 

s 
Monday, Febru.ry 27, 1978 

need interpersonal skills, they 
need to be able to relate to their 
peers , faculty and patients. 
Medicine is a series of brief 
encounters and requires the 
ability to establish rapport 
easily and quickly," he said. 

Dr. Percy Russell expressed 
the feeling that ethnic back-
ground must be taken into 
account in choosing medical 
students. "If you are born into 
certain ethnic groups you are 
disadvantaged ," he said . 
"Once students get past high 
school, economics has little to 

do with it," he continued, 
referri ng to studies tha t 
indicate that a student's ethnic 
background , providing he 
graduates from high school, 
has little effect on academic 
performance. 

Health care crisis 
Russell also emphasized that 

there is a " health care crisis in 
this country. We are fifteenth 
in the world in deaths due to 
birth ; if you don 't include 
minorities the figure is fourth . 
That's the rationale for trying 

(Continued on back page ) 

Lawyers set for abortion trial 
by Laura A. Richter 

News Editor 
While the attorneys on both 

sides of the abortion case 
express confidence that they 
will prevail in the court's final 
decision , Burton Shamsky , 
representing the three student 
plaintiffs, feels that regardless 
of the outcome, the health 
insurance contract will be re-
written upon its renewal at the 
end of the year to include an 
abortion-optional clause. 

Shamsky did not offer a basis 
for his assertion, but he 
reiterated that the motive of the 
students in filing suit against 
the university (scheduled to be 
heard by the San Diego County 
Superior Court on March 16) is 
" to establish a precedent that 
anybody does not have to 
suP.port the murder of innocent 
children. " 

David Dorinson, one of four 
attorneys who are defending 
the university , said that 
"university policy does not 
infrinJle upon the p , 

religious rights and beliefs," 
and that "yes," the policy will 
be upheld in the court's 
decision. 

It was Dorinson's opinion 
that the plaintiffs' case is not 
well presented, but when asked 
if their chances would be 
improved through a change in 
their presentation, he stated 
"No comment," adding that 
. 'the plaintiffs are free to 
present their case anyway they 
wish to," and that the case is 
still in the early stages of 

litigation. 
In reference to Dorinson's 

estimation of the plaintiffs ' 
case, Shamsky commented 
" That 's his opinion . He 's 
entitled to it." 

Dorinson said that "There 
are not too many disputes over 
the facts of the case" and that 
the main i sue is simply 
whether or not the university 
infringed upon the 
constitutional rights of the 
three students. "I think 'no' is 
the answer," stated Dorinson. 

Chairma. of the Medical School apedal admi •• io •• 
.abcommittee Dr. Percy RaaeeU. 

(Directory neglected~ 
No phone book this year 

Grad teaching program 
not being fully utilized 

by Eric Jaye 
Staff Writer 

It appears that there will be no student phone direct~ry t~is 
year, though the possibility of producing one for next year IS bemg 
explored. 

The directory did not come out this year because, according to 
Student Center Program Coordinator Michael O'Halloran, there 
was no financial support for it. 

by Mary O'Connor 
Staff Writer 

In most departments at 
UCSD , graduate students 
receive little or no teacher's 
training before they begin work 
as teachin assistants, accord-

ing to staff members. Said one O'Halloran said Friday that last year's directory was funded by 
secretary in the math depart- Penn Mutual Insurance Company in exchange for advertising and 
ment, " If they're grad stu- the use of the names and phone numbers to solicit insurance 
dents, it's just understood that policies. This year, said O 'Hallo~an , the company withd~ew its 
they know what to do ." support and he and his Supervisor, Student Center Director 

That is not necessarily the Maggie Brown, decided it would " not be worth the return" to eek 
case, according to Dave out other advertisers. 
Dobrin, assistant director of Though it states in O'Halloran's job description that he is 
the TA Development Program responsible for producing a student directory, neither Brown nor 
at UCSD. " A lot of TAs just O'Halloran was certain of this fact. 
don't realize a lot of elementary O'Halloran said that he had not looked at his job description for 
things about teaching," he "a while" and that he was not " quite certain" what was included in 
says. it. 

The TA Development Pro- Currently, Michael Keeler of the Print Co-op i~ exploring the 
g ra m be g a nat U CS Din options available in producing a directory. AccordmgtoKeeler.he 
January of 1975, after Governor is investigating The Directory Company of Lubbock Texas, WhlCh 
Brown set aside funds for he understands will produce a directory at no cost to the students. 
instructional improvement for Keeler said that this company takes a listing of students and their 
undergraduates at . the UC phone number, and then after selling advertising in the area , 
campuses . Part of thiS money compiles a directory. 
goes for facult~ devel?pment" This is the company used by the Associated Students ~f U 
the re~t toward Improvmg l' As Berkeley to compile their directory and Keeler i current! 10 the 
teachmg'(PleaSe turn to page 5) (Plea turn to page 11 ) 

Genetic research concerns shift 
by Kurt Campbell national meeting of the American Association 

Special to the Triton Times for the Advancement tlf Science. The ession 
It appears that the emphasis in tht~ participants discussed the necessity for and the 

controversy concerning genetic engineering, character of sound regulation involving 
or recombinant DNA, has shifted. recombinant DNA research . 

More concern is now being expressed about One conference In particular dealt with a 
such issues as commercial development of t is recent proposal now ire- II tin &.hr h thf' 
technology as well as public input and House of Representatives to regulate and 
participation in scientific decision-making . oversee the conduct of genetic re earch both 
Subsequently, marked less concern ha been publicly and privately . Clifford GH,bstein , 
voiced about the possible hazards regarding profe or of biological ci nce and public poh\: .. 
gene manipulation, and the moral aspe' ts t CSD pr sided over the e sion. 
involving thi field of scientific research. Th . Hous u~ommittee on Health and .th 

The shift was clear as both supporter and En Ironm nt I pre ntly con Id ring 
skeptics of this controversial biology gathered ' legislation that would extend National In titut 
inWashington,D.C. twoweeksago(orth 144th (Plea turntopag 11 ) 



..... 

REPENT: a eeIiIauI dedlea&ed &8 &lie &aU 01 IeekiDl ou& aDd 
ba-.. '" aU evO fnm die world. 

by Lura A. IUelller 
ImqiDe a newl editor bW1linJ in Hell. complete with fire aDd 

brimstone. 
Better yet. envision a DeWS editor lulferiDg Promethean-style. 

cbaiDed to a boulder. doomed etemally to have birds of prey feed 
upon her guts. 

The gory sceDe evokes a vengeful glow in the eyes of those who 
bave wished me silenced in the past: outgoing student Regent 
Michael Salerno; AS Vice-president Mark Sindler; and. 
undoubtedly. Vice-chancellor of Academic Affairs Paul 
Saltman. who remains vividly quotable to this day. 

Counties others seek final retribution, and for these very 
special people, I feel obligated to reveal an "amazing but true" 
story. 

Picture a news editor cruising along at 85 mph, hoping to 
shatter the time record from San Francisco to San Diego on 
Highway 5. The freeway sretches in geometric perfection before 
her, ending in an elusive point on the horizon. Nobody but the 
desert, the road and me. (The only passenger, my 17 year old 
brother, sleeps in "innocence" during this episode.) You laugh. 
Not because you are the former record holder, but because you 
have spotted the CHP hidden behind that tumbleweed, and I 
haven't. 

He's o~ my tail in a split second, but I don't pull over. After all , 
he could Just want to p,ass me. He lights his cherry briefly, as if to 
ask "Is she serious? ' I pull over. 

You scream, "No mercy! No mercy!" and the kindly, yet 
insightful officer feels inclined to agree with you. What had I done 
to deserve this? This news editor has never slandered an officer 
of the law, but she is now seriously considering it. 

I look at the ticket. Holy shit. (Even the Little Match Girl was 
allotted her quota of obscenities .) 

I am to appear in court in Firebaugh . " Firebaugh 
Firebaugh ... where in hell is Firebaugh?" To this day, I have no 
idea where Firebaugh is. But I have a good idea of what it looks 
like. Main Street consists of a gas station and one highly 
profitable highway patrol station. 

Reflecting upon the " unfortunate" incident, I am ready to 
strangle Hunter (Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas) Thompson 
who makes civil disobedience look so easy. Thompson is a one: 
Irian d~struction unit, who is reputed to have been successfully 
black-lIsted everywhere, save Firebaugh, after leaving a trail of 
stolen and demolished ca rs , hysterical hitchhikers 
astronomical unpaid bills and hotel room carpets soaked with 
ether. 

What have I got that he hasn' t got? 
. Guilt. 
Getting your first ticket isn't exactly like having your Holy 

First Communion, so naturally the unpleasant parental 
confrontations are a significant part of one's consideration. At 
age 19 I have not yet Deen weanea trom the family insurance 
policy. 

I know that am not alone in my misery. Hundreds, Perhaps 
thousands of UCSD students have committed heinous crimes 
which equal or surpass my own. Be prepared to answer to YOU; 
maker, oh sinful ones! Know that mercy is bestowed only upon 
those who denounce the ways of the damned! Humble yourself 
before your divine judge, oh weak and lowely creatures! 
REPENT! 

............. _ .. 
•. _ .... ,.~(.1 .. , .. 1 trItDn "'I~. ' 
~""!'----~I~~~~~~r---~==~~~~--I 

Letters to the editor 
Ambiguities cloud fetal definition 

Editor: 
It is difficult to reply to E. Reidel'S letter (Jan. 25) 

not only because he fails to separate emotional outcry 
from logical arguments, but also because it is 
impossible to generate logical arguments since he 
fails to define his terminology clearly. He implies that 
he is opposed to the killing of innocents, yet nowhere in 
his letter is there a clear definition of life, killing or 
innocence. One cannot responsibly argue complex 
moral questions which drastically a((ect our rights to 
a self-determined existence in the absence of clear and 
meaningful terms. 

Reidel's personal definition equates fetal existence 
with pelWonhood, however, several anthropologists 
define humanity as the ability of an organism to 
produce meaningful comm~n~~a~ion an~ '!lost 
medical practitioners equate " life WIth the abIlity of 
an organism to . independ~ntl~ maintai~ ~~rdi?­
respiratory functIon (I.e. a live-bIrth, by deflmtlOn, IS 
one where the fetus is capable of respiration) . 

The ambiguities implicit in Reidel 's statements are 
vast. If human life is to be defin,.ed as all states of 
existence prior to birth (potential life states), then 
monthly ovulation without conception and any kind of 
birth control (including papal sanctioned rhythm) are 
forms of murder. There are fetuses formed without 
heads (anencephaly) that develop successfully in the 
uterus until birth. Pro-life physicians have refused to 
terminate these pregnancies (although they are often 
discovered prior to birth) even though there is no 
possibility of their survival. It is sheer il(lny, but, the 
fetus is alive until it is born, and then , when it can no 
longer survive, it is dead. 

There are degrees of homocide which refer to Intent 
and there is justifiable homocide. However, all acts of 
the termination of human life are not murder. When 

the state was in the business of capital punishment, 
was the executioner a justifiable bomocidal maniac? 
Are policemen who kill in the line of duty murdering 
innocents? (They are still innocent until proven 
guilty.) No. The termination of human life (once it is 
started) is not, in all instances, murder. There is one 
prerequisite to murder . There must be the 
termination of a human life, not the prevention of a 
potentially human life. If the latter were the case then 
any form of contraception would be preventing life 
and male masturbation - the spilling of the seed -
would not only grow hair on your palms, it would make 
the man a murderer. 

The "psychological trauma" which Reidel claims to 
be the inevitable fate of all those who choose to have an 
abortion, is not implicit in the surgical procedure 
performed. Mr. Reidel seems "graced with the 
ability" to misconceive the origin of this guilt. He and 
his fellow misconceivors, victims and perpetrators of 
this religiOUS, irrational and pseudoscientific thought, 
give birth to this trauma and insist that we all adopt it 
as our own. Indeed, this trauma is inevitable only in 
that there exist people who feel it is their evangelistic 
duty to enforce it upon others. 

Ultimately, what is obvious even to the most casual 
observer, is that anti-abortion groups establish the 
morality of their arguments predicated upon religious 
belief. To require poor people to embrace their (anti-
abortion groups') beliefs (i.e. the Hyde amendment) 
·as well as to threaten the legal right of all who desire to 
have a safe and legal alternative to an unwanted 
pregnancy, is to deny the constitutionality of the First 
Amendment and thus potentially threatens all our 
constitutional rights. 

L.R. NEVAREZ 

Reg Fee "package deal" contested 
Editor: 

It certainly is imp-resting to be 
labeled a " pro-life con:.crvative" 
by someone as steeped in J:o'l\f.~ist 
Thought as Psyc he Pastual 
(" Registration Fees are a Package 
Deal", Triton Times, Feb. 17, p. 3) . 
Judging from her numerous errors 
of fact , though, Ms . Pascual 
habitually distorts reality to make 
the wcrld fit her preconceptions. 

Only a per on fanatically intent 

on running other people's lives 
would tell us that we must pay 
Registration Fees because they are 
a " package deal. " In the real 
w(lrld, if you want recreation , or 
psy c hological counseling, or 
abortion insurance, you obtain and 
pay for that paniculai" service. You 
are not forceU to buy all to get one 
by Student A((airs OHice dictators 
or Big Sisters like Ms. Pascual. 

would make better grades (and 
need less counseling or health-
service Valium, etc.) if they didn't 
have to work the 200 (or more) 
hours it takes to earn that $700. 

TT letters policy found inadequate 
Why then shouldn ' t these same 

services, which are not related to 
education, be on a fee-for-service 
basis at the University of 
California? Why should we, as the 
price for being expoJZe!! to Cf Dc 
educati~n , De forced to subsidize 
the degenerate sexual athletics of 
the abortion-minded men and 
women Ms. Pascual represents? 
Why should we subsidize the mind-
numbing antics of the Counseling 
and Psychological corps? 

But Big Sister would rather they 
pay for her abortions and flunk out. 
She's real liberal , she is! She is 
blinded by the demands of her sel(-
serving cause, living the selfish life 
the Psycho-babblers have taught 
her. It doesn't matter to her that a 
human being dies in every abortion 
- that's just part of the "package 
deal. " 

Unlike Ms . Pascual or the 
abortion profiteers, I have nothing 
to gain by my stand on abortion. 
The right of others to live should be 
protected simply because being 
human demands it . The trans-
parent arguments of the pro-
abortioJ) forces cannot change the 
fact that they are only seeking 
approbation for acting like rutting 
animals which cannot control 
heir sex drives and which counter 

Editor: 
I noticed, in the TT's editorial of 

Wednesday, February 15, your new 
policy on Letters to the Editor. So 
you ' re finally admitting to 
" amitrarily deciding which letters 
to edit", and, although you don't 

quite come out and say this , 
habitually massacreing (Sic) Ute 
letters of certain UCSD students. 

However, I fail to see how your new virtually impossible to provide 
policy of automaticall~ butchering anything more than the broadest 
everyone's letters will help the generalities under such limitations. 
situation. 

Often it is impossible to clearly 
expound positions, point out errors 
in the TT ' s coverage , counter 
malicious lies printed by the TT, 
etc ., without exceeding the TT's 
arbitrary page and a half limit. It is 

The TT's magnaminous (sic) 
oreer to consider presenting letters 
exceeding their limits as commen-
taries is meaningless . The editors 
have total control over 'commen-
taries ' appearing within the TT's 
pages. In addition, the TT will 

SHE LovE5 ME.·· r. ~ ' A' 
SI1E JUST w"N,S n 

doubtless continue to burden letters 
they find disagreeable with 
typographical " errors", poor or 
confusing layout, and derogatory 
headlines. 5\i£ LOVES ME .. · 

I see little improvement on the 
TT's change of policy. There are no 
advantages to discriminating 
against a select few. In either case 
discrimination is being practiced. 

Ms. Pascual, it is clear, has been 
to one Psycho-babbler too many. 
She has been brainwashed into 
accepting their insidious fascist 
idea that an "enlightened" elite (in 
their minds, them) should decide 
what is good for society and push it 
on us as part of a .. package deal." 

BULLSHIT! Let .&uden&s vote 
with their money for what they 
want. If a service or program is 
worthwhile, they will pay for it. And 
if they don't - if their purpose in 
being at the University of 
California is education - then they 
will be $700 per year (soon to go up 
again) better 0((. Manv people 

overpopulation by eating their 
young. 

Unborn children are the poorest 
among us. They are weak and 
unable to fight for their rilllts. They 
cannot speak for themsefves. They 
are innocent, they are not even 
accused in court, and yet they are 
subject to the death penalty at the 
whim of their mothers. And our 
Registration Fee, our wonderful 
"package deal"', is paying for their 
slaughter. 

Dare we call ourselves civilized? 
DON STREBEL 

I suggest that the TT print letters 
in full , using suggested headline No health career adVI-sl-ng 
when supplied . Admittedly this 
would increase the amount of copy, 

thus meanIng that some Ie s 
important stories, such as the story 
on the CI wilderness class (front 
page material , that) , might have to 

be cut. However, I believe that few 
students would miss such sterling 
examples of.. .journalism (?) . 
While the editors of the TT, and 
many students , may find this 
suggestion unpleasant it would 
provide an equitable solution to the 
issue. 

JON BEKKEN 

Editor: 
In Friday 's issue of the Triton Times, it was noted in a front-page article 

that the funding for a substantial portion of the Career Planning and 
Placement's pre-dental and pre-medical advising Pl'Olram I. In danger of 
being drastically cut. I am convinced that these services .peak to a Vital 
need for those of us preparing for careers in the health field, and I ul'le aU 
other students who feel this way to make their opinions known to the Reg-
Fee Committee, in wbose handa the decision for allotment of funds Iies. 
Write, speak or otherwise communicate tbeR tbOUChta to: Mr. Rick 
Whitehill , Staff Co-chairPerson or M.. Manb. Harril, Student Co-
ChaIrperson, Student Allain HUlldlDl, UCSD. Please act on thAI quickly 
since the Reg Fee Committee begin. Ita deciaion-maldng today andODly by 
adequate input will a favorable decision be reacbed. 

BRUCE R. aARK 



· . . ." ,l',".~ ~,.'\~~ "'\ 
-...,. ,......, 27. 1171 triton times 
Tdtonl lOll 10 AzUla 
Fighting mars b-ball contest r· .. Ciassifi*eds: * * * * *~ 

: w~ take ¥laSSifieds : by Sieve Gould 
Spor1I EdI&or 

forward from Costa Mesa, had 
been knocked down attempting 
to draw a foul on Tom Omalev's 
layin. Volk was taken to Scripps 
Memorial Emergency Room, 
where he received at least ten 
stitches. Volk returned to the 
gym late in the second half, 
sedated and his left eye almost 
swollen shut. Berry was ejected 
but remained on the Azusa 
bench. 

UCSD C!~~!~~~~~a in the • wee days rom 11 to 3, : 
opening half but st~1I trailed by : 50~ for students • 
three, 38-35, mamly on the. • ~tengthoftheCougarsrebc?und- . The Triton Times, a student-run newspaper· 
tng advantage. The Trttons .. * * * * * * * * * .. * * * * * .. * * * ........ * .... * .... ~ 
took a 16-13 lead with 10: as 
remaining but Azusa, after a r---------------~----..... 
twenty-five minute delay to Spring Break 
remove Volk from the court, in (Please turn to page 11) 

In a game marred by a 
senseless fight which sent 
UCSD forward Peter Volk to 
the hospital , Azusa Pacific 
College claimed the NAIA 
District Three Southern 
Division with a 91-71 triumph 
over the host Tritons. The win 
gave the Cougars a 7-3 mark in 
conference play, sending them 
to the NAIA playoffs this week 
while the lou ended UCSD's 
season, lowering their District 
Three record to 3-7 and 1-19 
overall. 

JVs lose to Azusa .100 MAZATLAN Last Chance! 
With I : 50 left in the first half, 

Azusa's Mike Berry sent Yolk 
to the floor a la Kermit 
Washington with a roundhouse 
right after Berry, a 6'7" 

by John Halstead 
Staff Writer 

The loss to Azusa Pacific 
College by the Triton JV 
basketball team was a capsu-
Hzed of the entire 

.1 
............. da 

This week in spqrls 
Mond8y F .... 27 Women' ........... n. Pl lome 4:30 pm 

T ..... '. F .... . Men'. VoIIeJb8Il n. C8I Pol, Pomon8 7:30 pm 
Women'. So ...... va. South_tern 3 pm 
......... va. Un ... of 8M Diego 3 pm 
Men'. T ......... 8M DIego ..... 2:30 pm 
Golf In BIng CI'OIby TourMJ It All DIY 

GUId ....... . 

w-...." IIIrch 1 Men'. VoI",U n .• D.U 7:30 pm 

Thuradl" Mlrch 2 Women' •• wlmmlng va. PIIomIr 3 pm 

FrtdIJ, Mlrch 3 Men'. Von.,bIII n. CII poe, .lO. 7:30 pm 
8 ........ n. PomonI-PttIer 1:30 pm 

Slturdl" Mlrch 4 Women'. Rugby va. Inllnd RC IIlmne 11 1m 
8IlIIng In So. Cli SIrteI no. 2 Ind no. 3 t 1m 

In.OeMn'" 
........ 1 n .• I0Il (doublehelder) . 2:30 pm 

TAs •.. 
(Contined from page 1) 

Drrected by psychologist John Andrews, the program is 
designed to help T As improve their classroom interaction. It is 
non-subject specific, and concentrated more on how to 
communicate to a class than on "how to plan the course, how to 
write tests, and that sort of thing." 

Workshops and questionnaires are utilized in the program, as 
well as videotape equipment which enables T As to see their 
teaching more obJectively. Says Dorbin, "The process is not at all 
time-consumillJ." In addition, the program has published a 
handbook called "Tips for T As", and each quarter sends out a 
newsletter to TAs. . 

No one requires TAs to go to the program for help with their 
teaching. Says Dobrin, "We send outletters every quarter to every 
professor announcing that we're here, and some professors, not 
very many, encourage their TAs to come to us. The departments 
have no policy about that. They usually don't even inform the T A 
when the TA begins teaching that E-uch a service is available." 

Dobrin cites the Berkeley and Davis campuses as having the 
strongest TA Development Programs in the UC system . • 'There, 
the TAs are behind it. They commit themselves for a 10 week 
course in teaching. At UCSD, TAs worry about time. Everything 
here is more high-pressured." 

Twenty i. a low 
Nevertheless, some TAs do come in for help. "We had 20 peoplt: 

last quarter, which was low. Thirty-five to 40 people is really 
high." Dobrin notes that of the TAs that participate in the (Continued on back pale) 

season viewed by the larger 
than average crowd Saturday 
night. UCSD ' s loss , 79-71 , 
revealed inconsistence clut-
tered with mental mistakes 
which plagued the JVs all 
season. Thus, the game was 
appropriately the last of the 
year leaving the Tritons with 8 
wins and 10 losses. 

The first half was an enter-
taining one , providing the 

$171"'01.' 
Leave March 27 5 day./f nights. Includee hotel 
deluxe dinner, Ipecial dilcount book, taxe.: 
airfare, bay cl'1liee and airport tran.fer • . 

Can NoUJ - 566-8490 

·TLC Travel 
spectators with excitement .... ______ ..;.. ____________ ~ 
that was unmatched in pre- ·R~~~~~~~~~~~~~~=~~~~~ 
vious JV games. Both teams 
were executing plays superbly, 
driving well and hitting the 
longer shots from all areas of 
the court . Todd Gabrelick 
decided he'd provide even more 
offensive magic as he neaved 
the ball some 80 feet as time ran 
out in the opening half. The 
audience followed the ball 3/4 
the length across the court, the 
ball reached its destination 
practically ripping the netting 
off the hoop , consequently 
sending the crowd into a frenzy . 
JV coach , King Wayman , 
smiled saying it was one of the 
" luckier basketball shots he's 
ever seen. " The first half ended 
Azusa, 48; UCSD, 47 . 

The second half was the 
opposite of the first in every 
aspect, offensively lIow with 
lousy ball handling and poor 
shooting. It all began when the 
APC Cougars employed a delay 
game offense that, Triton coach 
King Wayman explained, was 
done to " take us out of our 
matched-up zone defense." 

Leading scorers for the 
Tritons were Tom Polk with 27 
points, and Tony Filer with 19 
points. The whole team must be 
commended for their dedica-
tion and hustle they exempli-
fied throughout the year. 

Immigration 
Law 

Daniel W. Henry 
Attorney at Law 

Associated with 
Law Offices of 

Otto F. Swanson 
Los Angeles 

625 Third Ave. 
Chula Vista, CA 
(714) 425-0820 

737 Pearl no. 201 
La Jolla, CA 

(714) 454-9446 
Se Habla Espanol 

Fala Portugues 

ATTENTION: 
Revelle Students & Faculty 
What would you like to see at Revelle? 
Are there activities, programs, or projects that 

you would like to propose for Reyelle College? 
The R.C.C.A., Reyelle Committee on College 

Affairs, and the R.P.B., Revelle Program Board, 
want to hear from you! 

Funds are ayailable. What we need are your 
ideas. Please submit your ideas for activitiea, 
events, or projects to the R.C.C.A. 01' R.P.B. at 
the Reyelle Provost's Office or the Reyelle 
Community Center. If you would like to submit 
your ideas in person, you can attead R.C.CA. 
meetings any Tuesday at 10:00 am in the ReyeUe 
Provost's Office, or R.P .B. meetings .any 
Wednesday at 1:00 pm in the Reyelle Community 
Center. 



~y 
1-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a setti~g f?r silen.t sitting 

meditation. I nsttuction provided for those who desIre It. For mfo call 
755-5995 after 9 ,m. Free. . 

9 am-S pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. For appomt. 
call 452-2522. Location: 1254 H-L. Free. . 

10 am-S pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for mfo and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 
pm. Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. 

11 am-I! Doon: Weight Management G~ouP - for any student.w.ho 
wants to modify his/her lifestyle for maxlmua:n heal~, prod~cbvlty 
and happiness. Group focuses on: 1) Changmg eating h~blts, not 
dieting; and 2) developing decision power rather ~an will po~e~. 
Facilitator: Diane Evans. Call Decca at 452-3755 to sign up. Local1on. 
412 Warren Campus. . ' 

Noon: Rape Task Force meeting planrung for S~nng quary.er , 
establishing priorities. Di8CU88ion of consensus decIsion making . 
Open - all welcome. Women's Center, Student. Center ~ompl~x: 

1-% pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting. for sllent slttmg 
meditation. Instruction provided if desired. For mfo call 755-5995 
after 9 pm. Free. . . A 

Z-4 pm: Humanities and Social Sciences Career Advlsmg:. n 
infonnal discussion with Michael Hulfachor, H-'eSS Career ~dvlsor, 
concerning various career issues. Call 452-3490 (or an apPOIntment. 
Location: Revelle Provost. 

4:00 pm: High Energy Physics Semin~r . Spea.ker: Dr. Stanley 
Brodsky, SLAC. Topic: Quarks an~ NucleI. LocatIon: P&L 111~. 

4-6 pm: Series of three lectures given by Pr~fess~r Charles qnvel, 
Chainnan of the French Department, Umverslty of Gromngen, 

. entitled respectively: (2127178) "Theorie du fond stereotype" ; 
(3/1/78) " Les cheveux d ' Alexandre Dumas"; (3/3/78) "Calcul de la 
difference stereotype." All three will be held at the Revelle Formal 
Lounge. Free. 

4: 30 pm: Pre-Dental Club meeting: TopiC "What Schools Should I 
Apply To? " North Conference Room, Stud~nt Ct;~ter . . 

7 pm and 8: 30 pm Two Showings: Free FII~ -:- The First Days ~f 
Life" is a vibrant French film about the begmmng?f every perso!, s 
journey through life . Through a visual contact With the ':Infoldl~g 
mystery of human development, you feel and see the reality of l~fe 
taking shape before your eyes. Sponsored by the Human Life 
Committee . USB 2722. Free. . 

7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for mfo and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open £rom 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 
pm. Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. 

7: 30 pm: Fr. Eugene Burke speaks on " Authority in the Church." 
East Conference Room , UCSD Student Center. . 

8 pm-12 mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfoa:table gathenn~ place 
for students which offers nightly entertamment, a variety 01 
refreshments and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

Tuesday 
Ford Aerospace and Communications Corp. - Interviews. For 

further information and to make an appointment, contact Career 
Plannjng and Placement Services, Student Cente~ Compl~x , B1~g : B. 

6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a settmg for silentslttmg 
meditation . Instruction provided [or those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. . 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers . For appomt . 
call 452-2522. Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 

10-11 am: Sophomores and Juniors : More Than a Degree at UCSD . 
A survey o[ involvements and their practi.ca~ usefulness to see~ing 
employment or professional school admiSSIOns after graduation . 
North Conference Room, Student Center Complex. 

10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to tum to [or info and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 
pm. Phone 452-2167 . Muir Commons. 

12 noon-l pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational 
dfscusslon; an-must anenll 'to receive bIrth control exams. No appt. 

Ah, such dedication! 

triton times triton times 

hat's On 2/27-3/5 
A Weekly Guide Campus Events 

necessary, located in conference room at Student He~lth Center. 
12 noon-l pm: Seniors: Employment After Graduation? A where 

and what to do next job guide. Covers job preparation strategies and 
useful trends that might benefit you . North Conference Room , 
Student Center. 

12 noon-l pm: Sex Clinic. For individuals or couples seeking 
information or counseling about sexual concerns. Hugh Pates , 
facilitator. Call Yolanda at x3490 to sign up . Revelle Counseling 
Office, at Revelle Provost's Office. ,,' . . 

12 noon-2 pm: Faces of Healing lecture no. 7: NutritIon, ExerCise 
and Stress" - Paul Sallman, Ph.D., Howant Hunt, Ph .D. and 
Harvey Selverston M.S.W. will spea~. TLH 107.. . .. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - prOVides a settmg for silent slttmg 
meditation. Instruction provided if desired. For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm. Free. . 

2:00 pm: Solid State PhysicS Seminar. Speaker: Dr. OndreJ 
Krivanek, UCB. Topic: High Resolution Electron Microscopy and Its 
Application to the Study of Solids. Location: AP6:M 2402. 

2-4 pm: What Can You Do With Your Maj~r: In!ormal meeli!'gs 
with Maxine Bailey, Career Advisor for Engmeenng and PhYSical 
Sciences. Call for an appointment to discuss your career related 
concerns, 452-4390. Location Third College Provost Office: . 

2-4 pm: Humanities and Social Sciences Career Advlsmg:. An 
informal djscussion with Michael Hulfachor, H6:SS Career AdVIsor, 
concerning various career issues. Call 452-3587 for an appointment. 
Location: Muir Apts. Lounge. 

2-4: 30 pm: UCSD Job Correction Workshop: Find out how your 
personal skills and motivations are directly employed in h~ndred~ of 
jobs. Sign up at Career Planning or call 452-4390. LocatIon: ThIrd 
coliege. 

3 pm: Library Search - OASIS One-Shot Seminar. HL 2100. Free. 
3-4 pm: Text Anxiety and Stress Reduction Wor~sho'p -. For 

students experiencing high anxiety in test taking or SOCial situations. 
Purpose of workshop is to use stress and anxiety productively. Self-
hypnosis will be taught during workshop. Facilitators: Hugh Pates 
and Mike Henry. Location: Revelle Counselor's Orfice. 

3: 30 pm: Student Center Board meeting. Location: AS Conference 
Room, 2nd floor Student Center. 

5-6 pm: Judo Club workout. Wrestling Room . 
6 pm: WCSG Cabinet Meeting. 405 Warren College. 
6:30 pm: Union of Jewish Students Planning meeting. Come and 

express your ideas for programs and actitivies . All welcome! 
Student Center above EDNA . 

7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dirlle . Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 
pm. Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. 

7: 30 pm: Presentation: Takehisa Kosugi, Japanese composer, will 
play tapes or his recent works. 408 Warren. l'·ree. 

7: 30-10 pm: Focus Training meeting. We'll be doing role plays. 
North Conrerence Room, Student Center. 

8 pm: Special Geology Seminar - AAPG Distinguished Lecture 
Series. Speaker: J .M. Coleman, Coastal Studies Institute , LSU. 
Subject: " Submarine-Slope Failures and Downslope Mass 
Movement of Sediment. " IGPP Conference Room. 

8 pm-12 mid: The Outback Care is a comforta ble gathering place 
for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments , and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone. 
452-3092 (evenings) for updated program information . 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

Wednesday 
Raytheon , Electromagnetic Systems Division : Interviews. For 

further information and to make an appointment, contact Career 
Planning and Placement Services, Stu~ent Cente~Compl~x, Bl~g : B. 

6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - prOVides a settmg for Silent slttmg 
meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 arter 9 pm . Free . 

8 am: WCSG Commuter Board meeting. 405 Warren College. 
9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers . For appoint. 

ca ll 452-2522 . Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 
10 am-12 noon and 2-4 pm: What Can You Do With Your Major? 

Informal meetings with Maxine Bailey , Career Advisor for 
Engineering and Physical Sciences. Call for an appointment to 
discuss your career related concerns, 4524355. 

10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm on 
Wednesdays. Phone 452-2167 . Muir Commons. 

Noon: Center for Music Experiment Colloquium: Giuseppe 
Englert, French com poser of computer music will talk about his 
recent work and current project at CME. 408 Warren Campus. 

Noon: UCSD Single Parents Group invites all sin~le parents tn . 
come join the interaction Wednesdays from noon to 1 pm in Revelle 
Informal Lounge on tOPICS such as38 Going on 17, Sexuality, Children 
in Transition, Letting Go of the Past, The Dating Game and Single 
Parenting. Bring a sack lunch . Revelle Informal Lounge. Free . 

12 noon-I pm: Contraceptive Education Session: Informational 
discussion; all must attend to receive birth control exams. No appt. 
necessary, located in conference room at Student Hea lth Center. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent s itting 
.meditation . Instruction provided if desired . For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm . Free. 

2-4 pm: Humanities and Social Sciences Career Advising -:- an 
informal discussion with Michael Hulfachor, H6:SS Career AdVisor, 
concerning various career issues. Call 452-4355 for an appointment. 
Location: Warren Provost. 

3-5 pm: Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs (Reg Fee) 
meeting, including Budget Analysis and Program Review of all 
student services and programs. Vice-chancellor's Conference Room , 
Student Center Complex, Bldg. B. 

4 pm: Marine Chemistry Section , Scripps In stitution of 
Oceanography. Speaker: Stephen E . Crane, Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography . Subject: "Chemistry and biology of marine 

-I 
'--------... 

Dear DeparteO M8lTSuipial ,lII 

. Some say vitamin E. 
Darla~.JYlI . Whipples toilet paper. Let 

ofthe works of the Ma rquis 
have a little something 

vinegar and raw eggs. As 
on ... Come on ... Get a hang 

manganese phylloxides." 0lil '15'1<'" Aquarium-Museum. 
4 pm; Organic/ Technion - Israel , Institute of 

Technology - Title to HL Auditorium. 
4 pm: UCSD New Michael Holzman. Revelle 

Formal Lounge. 
4: 00 pm: Colloquium. Mr. John Nuckolls, Lawrence 

Livermore Lab. Topic: Inel.nlfinement. Location: TLH 104. 
4-6 pm: Second of a lectures given by Professor 

Charles Grivel. See 27, 4-6 pm for information . 
4: 45 pm: UCSD - Professor Kristin 

Luker will discuss nees. The book is an analysis 
of the relationship ptive use and abortion . 
Everyone is welcome Informal Lounge (Southwest 
corner of Revelle 

6 pm: EAB me!etin~ . the wine and cheese party again . 
My place , your wine v and kisses , O.B. Ranger. 

6: 30 pm: AS meeting. orth Conference Room, Student 
Center. 

7-9 pm: Programming Clinic - A clinic to provide help 
for students with problems. Computer 
Classroom, room Third College. 

7-10 pm: Page One is to tum for info and rap. Open 
from 10 am-5 pm and Wednesdays . Located in Muir 
Commons next to the 5 Phone 452-2167 . 

7: 30 pm: Lenten B on " The Passion of Christ." 
University-Community La Jolla Shores Drive. 

7: 30-10 pm: Mandatory ining meeting. Everyone be 
there. Muir Apt. lAIl~IIK,C . 

K pm-12 mid: The VU1W <1'.·O a comfortable gatherine place 
for students which entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and actiti rage interaction. Telephone 
452-3092 (evenings) for information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free . 

9 pm: Wednesday 
musicians to perform. To 
Come and listen to UCSD 

Thurs 
ny - an informal place for 

up in Page One or just show up. 
& Dime, Muir Commons. Free. 

PCC Financial Selivi(~es". Mutual Life Co,: Interviews. For 
further information and appointment, contact Career 
Planning and Placement Center Complex , Bldg. B. 

6-7: 15 am: Meditation a setting for silent sitting 
meditation. Instruction those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 after 9 

9 am-H am: Pr'na,ro Clinic - a clinic to provide 
help for students problems. Computer 
Classroom, room 125, Third College. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing course papers. For appoint. 
call 452-2522 . Location: 

10-12 am: What Can Your Major? Informal meeting 
with Maxine Bailey, for Engineering and Physical 
Sciences. Call for an to discuss your career related 
concerns, 452-3490. Loca Provost Office. 

10 amoS pm: Page One ' place to tum to for info and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 

pm . Phone 452-2167 . Muir Commons. 
11: 30 am: Meeting of the Society of Physics Students . Professor 

Frankel will speak on Differential Geometry as applied to General 
Relativity. Revelle Formal Lounge . 

12 noon: AMES 205, Seminar No.4, Film Series - " Stl"atified 
Flow ." 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 

12:00 noon: Biophysics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. P . Taylor, 
Pharmacology, UCSD. Topic: Pharmacologic Characterization of 
the Nicotinic Receptor. Location: MH 3405. 

Noon: Film Committee meeting (University Events). Open to 
everyone. Select Friday and Saturday Night Films for Spring 
Quarter. East Conference Room, Student Center, UCSD, USA. 

1%:30-2 pm: Weight Control Group - for Third College students, 
faculty and staff who are struggling with their weight. Call the 
Dean's Office 4524390 for more information. Location: Center for the 
People. 

1 pm: Library Search OASIS One-Shot Seminar. H-L. 2100 Free. 
1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting 

meditation. Instruction provided if desired . For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm. Free . 

2-4 pm: Humanities and Social Sciences Career Advising: An 
informal discussion with Michael Hulfachor, H&SS Career Advisor, 
concerning various career issues. Call 452-4390 for an appointment. 
Ldtation: Third Provost. 

3: 30-4: 30 pm: Weight Management Group - for any student who 
wants to modify his/her lifestyle for maximum health, productivity 
and happiness . Group focuses on: 1) changing eating habits, not 
dieting; and 2) developing decision power rather than will power. 
Facilitator: Diane Evans . Call Becca at 452-3755 to sign up. 412 
Warren Campus. 

4: 00 pm: Astrophysics-Space Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. 
George Miley, Leiden and Lick Observations. Topic: Radio Gal-
axies and Quasars: Morphology and Spectra. Location: USB 2622. 

5-6 pm: Judo Club Workout. Wrestling Room. 
5: 38 pm: Women's Center general meeting, all women welcome. 

Women's Center. 
6 pm: Bicycle Maintenance class - taught by ace mechanic. Learn 

to fix your own wheels! gears and brakes, etc . Bike Shop. Free. 
7 pm: General meeting of the UCSD Spanish Club. Revelle 

Informal Lounge. 
7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap. 

Located next to the Muir 5 & Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm and 7-10 
pm. Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. 

7-10 pm: Film Series - documentary films about political and 
cultural situations in various countries. USB 2622. Free. Sponsored 
by Committee for World Democracy. 

8 pm: Movie: " Godspell" presented by Catholic Student Union. 
USB 2722. Admission ~. 

8 pm: Geology Seminar, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
Speaker: A. Engle, SIO. Subject: " Geological Evolutiono[ Northeast 
Africa. " IGPP Conference Room . 

8 pm-12 mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place 
for students which offers nightly entertainment, a variety of 
refreshments, and activities that encourage interaction. Telephone 
452-3092 (eveni ngs) for updated program information. 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

Friday 
McDonnell-Douglas Aviation: Interviews. For further information 

and to make an appointment , contact Career Planning and 
Placement Services, Student Center Complex, Bldg. B. 

McDonnell Douglas Astronautics Company: Interviews, For 
further information and to make an appointment, contact Career 
Planning and Placement Services, Student Center Complex, Bldg. B 

6-7: 15 am: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sittint 
meditation. Instruction provided for those who desire it. For info cal 
7S5-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

9 am-5 pm: Writing Clinic - Help with course papers. FOI 
appoint. call 452-2522 . Location: 1254 H-L. Free. 

10 am-12 noon: What Can You Do With Your Major? Informa. 
meetings with Maxine Bailey, Career Advisor for Engineering anc 
Physical Sciences. Call for an appointment to djscuss your career 
related concerns, 452-3490. Revelle Provost. 

10 am-5 pm: Page One is the first place to tum to for info and rap. 
Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 10 am-5 pm on 
Fridays . Phone 452-2167 . Muir Commons. 

12: 05 pm: Marine Biology Seminar , Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. Soeaker: Dr. Sylvia Earle, California Academy of 
Sciences, San Francisco. Subject: "Deep-water seaweeds and 
herbivores in the tropics." 4500 Marine Biology Bldg. 

1-2 pm: Meditation Center - provides a setting for silent sitting 
meditatIOn. Instruction provided if oesired. For info call 755-5995 
after 9 pm . Free. 

4-6 pm: Last of a series of three lectures given by Professor 
Charles Grivel. See Monday, February 27, 4-6 pm for information. 

5-12 pm: Need a quiet, supportive placeto study on Friday nights? 
Students for Supportive Allopathic Study (SSAS) will open Garren 
Auditorium . BSB 1105, to all UCSD students as a study hall on Friday 
from 5 pm to midnight. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

7 pm and 9: 30 pm: Friday Night Movie - "Pink Panther Strikes 
Again ." USB 2722. Admission: $1.25. Sponsored by University 
Events. Two showings. 

7: 30 pm: Alpha Omega Alliance - Higher Consciousness and the 
Spoken Word. Open discussion . Muir Bio Bldg. Room 1103. Free. 

8 pm: Friends of the UCSD Library Public Events Serie - Dr. 
Michael Davidson , Department of Literature, guest speaker on 
"Ahead of Time: Contemporary Poetry and Collections Develop-
ment." Location: Main Lobby, Library. Free. 

8: 30 pm: Madam Moustaches Cabaret. The Disabled Students 
Union proudly presents Madam Moustaches Cabaret , a unique and 
festive entertainment group, featuring student talent. Come and 
enjoy music from Chorus Line. Fiddler on the Roof, Tom Lehrer and 

P.7 

m~c:h, much more. Get t~er~ early for good seats and bring good 
SPlTlts. Student Center BUlldlDg C. Admission: $1.(J0. 

8: 30-11 pm: Gua~ner~ String Quartet - Program to be announced. 
MandeVille Auditorium. Admission : UCSD students to be 
announced; General $7 .50; other $24 series. 

Saturday 
6-7: 15 ~m: Medita~ion Cen~er - provides a setting for silent sitting 

medItation. Instruction prOVided for those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

9 am-5 pm: " The Roots of Humanity," a day-long series of lectures 
on the nature of the human organism, its long evolutionary 
development, and way~ new worl~ conditions impact upon it. 
Presented by UC San Diego ExtenSIOn, the San Diego Museum of 
Natural History, the San Diego Zoological SOCiety, the San Diego 
Museum of Man, and the L.S.B. Leakey Foundation. Town and 

Cou~tqr Convention ~al1l , San Diego. Fee: $55, credit; $35, general 
admlsslon (non-credit) . $10 discount on fees to full-time students with 
valid I.D.' s. 

10 am: Bicycle ride. Twenty to (ourty miles easy to medjum pace. 
For everyone who loves cycling. Meet at the Bike Shop at 10 am. 
1-5 pm: Pro-Indian Railey. Organ Pavillion, Balboa Park. 

5 pm: Catholic Mass - following mass wine and cheese and short 
film. University Community Church . 

H2 pm: Need a quiet place to study Saturday night? Students for 
Supportive Allopathic Study, a student organization open to all UCSD 
students, will open Garren Auditorium BSB 1105 as a study hall on 
Saturday from 5-12 pm. All are welcome. BSB 1105. 

8 pm: Film' 'The Lost Honor of Katarina Blum," German/English 
subtitles. USB 2722. Admission $1.00, tickets at UCSD Box Office . 
Sponsored bv.Revelle ForeiJim Language Dorm. 

8 pm-12: 30 pm: Casino Night '78. The event of the year - as the 
main gym takes on the look of a real Las Vegas casino! An 
opportunity for all to take part in exciting games of chance. Prizes 
galore for those who master the gaming tables of blackjack, craps, 
poker and keno. Also, live entertainment and refreshments in our 
upstairs casino lounge . Location: Main Gym . $1.00 donation 

req~~s~~~ . 

Sunday 
6-7.: 15 .am: Medita~ion Cen~er - provides a setting for silent sitting 

meditation. Instruction prOVided for those who desire it. For info call 
755-5995 after 9 pm. Free. 

8: 30 am: Catholic Mass - University Community Church. 
10 am: Lutheran Folk Mass. University-Community Church 9595 

La Jolla Shores Drive. ' ' 
10 am-2 pm: Bagel .B~nch . Finances involving only payment for 

food , not general admiSSIOn charge . International Center. Sponsored 
by Union of Jewish Students. 

10: 30 am: Catholic Mass - North Conference Room , Student 
Center. 

12:03 pm: Episcopal Eucharist Ma s. niversity-Community 
Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive . 

5 pm: Catholic Ma - University Commur.ity Church. 
7-10 pm: Page One is the first place to turn to for info and rap . 

Located next to the Muir 5 and Dime. Open from 7-10 pm on Sundays . 
Phone 452-2167. Muir Commons. 

8 pm: " Psychic Healers and Holistic Medjcine: An Evening with 
Stanley Krippner," author and coordinator of the Humamstic 

Psycho~ogy Institute, Sa~ Francisco. Presented by UC San Diego 
ExtenSIOn. Room 107, Third Lecture Hall , Third College Campus, 
UCSD. Fee: $5, general admission; $2.50, students with valid LD.'s . 

8 pm-12 mid: The Outback Cafe is a comfortable gathering place 
for students which ~{{~~s nightly enterta~nment, a variety of 
refreshments, .and activIties that encourage mteraction. Telephone 
452-3092 (evemngs) for updated program information . 711 Warren 
Campus. Free. 

... Well, for some. 



FaD 197. 

Join the 
Semester at Ma'of the 

University of Colorado for an 
unparalleled mtematlonal 

educational experience. Sail from 
Los Angeles Sept. 9. by way of the 

South Pacific, Indian Ocean, and Mica. 
Applications now being accepted. 

For F_ Colo, Brochure. call or llIfite: Mmester at Sea. Taj Mahal Building, 
p.o. Box 2488. Laguna Hills, CA 92654. Te~hone (800) 854-0195 (toll.!rft 
outsido California) (714) 581-6770 (In California), 55. Unhiene is fu lly a l'-
conditioned. 18.000 IOns. 01 Uberian registry. 

ATTENTION 
,MUIR STUDENTS!! 
Can y ou imagine your gradua-
tion held up because you can't 
get the Muir writing course you 
need? 
400 currently enrolled students should 
complete Muir Writing 20 this Spring Quarter 
and there are 300 spaces available. 132 
currently enrolled students should complete 
Muir 10 Spring Quarter. 

If you are one of these students, you should 
~ake 'the course NOW or there will be no 

, spaces for you in subsequent years. 

STUDENTS WHO FAIL TO COMPLETE 
THE REQUIREMENT ON SCHEDULE 
WILL NOT BE GUARANTEED A PLACE 
NEXT YEAR. 

lfyou entered Muir Fall 1976 or after you are 
held for the writing requirement. To enroll 
you.must get a department stamp. 

trItin times 1IoncMJ. ,......., U. 1171 

by Mikel Toombs producer Richard Gottehrer is a seasoned P9P 
AnI Wrller music veteran (he bad a no, 1 bit in '83 with the 

Angels' " My Boyfriend's Back") , Hil updated 
Plude Leuen - Blondie (Chrysalis), the WallofSoundilnotasdensebutJustaseffective 

When your everyday rock band gets toge r, (someone termed it a "Fence of Sound" ) . 
it standa to reason that its members have some Second the band now plays as a cohesive unit, 
common musical interests. But ~londie ~ n~t propelied by Clem Burke's speed-of-sound 
your everyday rock band. Guitanlt Chris tem drulnmini. Third, they bave Debbie Harry, who 
often seems stuck In the psychedeUa o~ the late is not only singer but a vocal actress as well . 
sixties, keyboardis~ Jimmy Destrl in ~he Performers such as Linda Ronstadt and Shaun 
Farfisa-filled early Ilxties or the prog~lve Cassidy are currently using " oldies" to show off rocki~ss of ~. seventies, drummer '!~ their talent (or lack of it) but Harry sings ~':'l 
Burke m the .Bntish Invasion po~ of the rc;ld f like she is really experiencing them. "Derus IS 
sixties, and smger Debbie HarryG n e i or ti 0 almost too easy for her - an uncomplicated 
her own. And former baSS,ilt ary a en "De, teenage-crush tooe (" When we walk/It always 
since departed over "mU8l~al differences -:- feels 80 nicel And when we talk/It seems like 
quite an accomplishment :'11th this ghrou~ .. ~ , paradise'" it came out when Harry was in her 
into Dylan, Jonathan Richman, tee ve teens herself (and in many ways she still is) :-
Underground. ted but she puts the same enel"lY she expends m th:~=~~sv:~!;J'l~eau=: ':l~umtfer:::e~Pt portraying herself into the various other roles 

I 

-not 
rock band 

at i that . 80 ; and snipers she has to play. 
well is a credit both to their inspired,80ngwriting IODdie featured 11 excellent songs and 
and to their dedication to makinllt work. The PlasUe Lellers offers 13 more , A ~uple are 
music is above all meant to be fun, but surely no playfully romantic, but with interesting twists: 

h . f th does " (I ' m always touched by your) Presence, group works harder at avmg un an Dear" brilliantly mixes love and ESP ("W~n 
Blponl~!&el:e Le"-rs is Blondie' s second record, we play at cards/You use an extra sense (it s 

_ .. 0:; really not cheating) IYoucan read my handlt've 
less original than the first but in some ways got no defense") and "Love at the Pier," based 
much better. Blondie wants this album to be a loosely on "Palilades Park", is openly (and 
best-seller (one reason: they went a repo~ proudly) gay. The feeling of magic convey~ by 
half-million dollars in debt to ~uy ou~ their "Presence, Dear" is car~ied ov~r lOtO 
previous recording contract) so t1iey decided to " Bermuda Triangle Blues (Fhght 45) , w!llch 
construct it around what they hope will be .a moves easily from the m~daDe .to the mystical, 
commercially-viable concept: PlasUe Le&lers.IS with a perfect up-in-the-alr ending. 
the result of 15 years of listening ~~ the radio. Up to now the most essential quality of 
Bits and pieces may seem very familiar because Blondie's work has been their ability to put their 
of this orientation, but the overall mixtu~ of own experiences into their music . PI.sUe 
ideas and musical styles is uniquely Blondie. Letlers is less successful than their first album 

The starting point is 1963 and Phil Spector's in this regard, but it's not surprising that ~ 
Wan of Soood. The song Blondie has selectee! most crucial song here deals with a real-life 
from the Spector era (Randy" the Rainbow~ (and -death) situation . "Youth Nabbed 
hit " Denis" - not a Spector song, but clo~~ 1S - lum 

Beethoven: Quartet in G Major. Op. 18, No, 2 
Schumann: Quartet in F Major, Op. 41 , No.2 
Debussy: Quartet in G minor, Op. 10 

Frid.y, M.rch J, 8:30 pm 
M.ndnille AudJtorlum 
451-"559 

-w.,. ..... _ .. 01 duI_' 
- TI_ MatII'm .. , 

UCSD St: S1.50. G.A. S7.~ 
UC San DlelO lox Ofllce 

Pres"n" Need Helpl 
Make a decision Both You 

and Your Baby can live with. 
Free Counseling and Aid 

"Ye are my Witnesses, 
saith the Lord, that I 
am God." Isaiah 
43:12 
Christian Science is based on 
the Bible and Science and 
Health with Key 10 the 
Scripturft. by Mary Baker 
Eddy. Campus Counselors a t 
UCSD : Paul and Anne 
Hofflund,453-5217. 

.. ...,. 'eINwry 27. 117. triton times Pege. 
Santana shines 

_ They're not merely sidemen . BirkenstocK. 
by Tim Mackenzie 

Arts Editor 
It's a shame that high caliber bands such a s 

Santana usually choose to shine on the smaller 
venues such as the Fox Theater. But rather than 
dwell on generalities, I should rejoice Santana's 
stellar performance at the intimate downtown 
theater. 

What impressed me most about the 
performance was the strength of Santana as a 
band. It isn't just Carlos and a booch of sidemen, 
Indeed, Santana may well have the best rhythm 
section in music today. And make no mistake 

thank God. You don ' t have to be an egomaniac to 
be a musician of Santana's ability. 

1 wish Santana would have made better use of 
his lead vocalist Greg Walker . Wa lker 
interprets the music very well , and can even 
sing the older Sa ntana materia l (i.e. " Black 
Magic Woman") a nd make it sound real good, 
- Thougll Santana could have played a longer 
set, I suppose they can justify it by the fact they 
had to do two shows that night. Still, it was nice 
to see Santana in small confines as opposed to 
say, Ontario Motor Speedway, 

Feet in the and make C tprint . 
Feet in Birkenstock footwear do the very 
same thing. 

The Birken rock footbed i heat and pressure 
ensitive, to mold to your C t, and become 

your {; tprint. 
So walking in Birkenstock is a lor like walking 

barefoot in the sand, with one very convenient 
difference. 

about it, Santana's sound is completely built Blondle 
around the drummers and conga Plarers that ••• You can walk in Birken tock all year long. 
dominated stage right . It was one 0 the few 
shows I've ever seen in which I didn't mind Sniper" is a serious attempt to look behind the 
watching drum solos . At leas t congas are se!'sationalist headlines at the lie of a tee~a~e 
somewhat of a novelty in rock muic. Oh DO, Dot smper. Rather than embark upon a qUickie 
anotller John Bonham haH-hour super deluxe psychological discourse (as Paul Simon did on 
ex&ravaganza! his similar " Save the Life of My Child") Blondie 

tries to evoke the world as seen throug h the 

Let your feet make 
a place for themselves. 

Peering out l'rom behind a pair of sunglasses 
for most of the show, Carlos Santana appeared 
to be enjoying his craft as much as the band did 
theirs. He played as well as I thought he WOUld, 
addressing his guitar perfectly to t he mood of 
the music, Santana appears responsive to the 
music from in his band , and as such is not 
completely overwhelming and dominating on 
stage. N~ Ritchie Blackmore"'s Rainbow here, 

"'Balcony" 
Jean Genet' s ' 'The Balcony", 

a play about lies , secrets , 
illusion , subterfuge and t he 
sexual and ritualistic symbo-
lism of dressing and disrobing, 
will sizzle across the sta ge of 
t he UCSD Theatre beginning at 
8 pm, March 9. 

The setting is Ma dame 
Irma 's brothel , The Grand 
Balcony, a house of illusions 
where games of lust and 
dominance are played out in 
" studios" by the town's leading 
c itizens while , outside , a 
revolution rages. 

Genet was himself a thief and 
criminal and spent most of his 

. adolescence and adult life in 
reformatories and prisons. He 
spent his first 30 years prowling 
the European underworld. His 
first novel , recreating this 
world of brutality, betrayal and 
perversity. was written in 
prison in 1940. 

" Genet became deeply 
committed to the idea that a ll 
life is a masquerade," says 
Michael Addison, chairman of 
th e UCSD Department of 
Drama and director of " The 
B a l c ony ." Ac c ord i ng to 
Addison, Genet felt that a ll 
fo rms of v irtue and soc ial 
morality are merely games 
people play to achieve mastery 
over others and veil the fact 
that their lives are empty. 

After March 9, the play will ' 
be performed at 8 pm March 10-
12 and 14-19. Tickets are $3 .75 
for general admissi~n and $2 .50 
for UCSD students and may be 
purchased at the UCSD Theatre 
Ticket Office , Building 203 , 
Warren Campus. 

~\. !., 

PRECISION CUTTING 
SKINCARE 

.. uwn MANICURING 

A complete Hedken Sa. 
SISI HoII4II, Ct. 

, ~ht by La .loll. Villa. Ina 
455-0610 

10% OISCOtJNT 
ONSEAVICES 

( "" " :.I ..... n' 0 - ~3' .. '" 10 

youth 's eyes. " Sniper" has an experimental feel 
to it, from Chris Stein's E-bow guitar to Debbie 
Harry's haunting rendition of the romanticized 
but compelling lyrics: " City streets don 't make 
me lonely/ Come to me and be m ine only/ l hide 
us far from sight/But you must wait and 1 must 
fight/ This nothingness ." The song's validity 
must be open to question, but that's a chance 
Blondie is willing to take. Blondie is not your 
everyday rock band. 

10% Student Di.couDt 
1111 Pr_pecl, at Hencllel 

La JoU., CA 92037 
454-7577 

eaper 
to see 

e · 

tstoen 
2 months, unlimited Secorid Class train travel, 15 countries, $250. 

Check it out. A Eurail Youthpass is a super deal; the best and cheapest way to see 
a lot of the Continent. Trains are fast , comfortable, frequent. And they speed you to the heart of cities, 

Stations are like small towns with everything a traveler needs. You meet fellow 
backpackers (Europeans, too). You can sleep on board; couchettes are bargains. Your Eurail Youthpass 
- even covers some ferry, steamer and motorcoach rides, Best of all with the Pass you can stay loose, 

park where you like, move on at whim, There's always another train you can catch, 
To get a Eurail Youthpass you have to be under 26. Both Eu rail Youthpass and 

Eurailpass are sold here through your Travel Agent. You can 't buy them in Europe, 
If you've less than or more than two months, get a Eurailpass. Same idea but you ride First Class. 

Available in two or three-week Passes, or one, two, or three-month Passes, 
If you're not about to enlist why not plan to see Europe with a Eurail Youthpass, 

No, you won't have to pass a physical. 

r-----~----~ I Eurai Youthpass. Box OC-8 I Staten Islai'd, N.Y. 10305 Please send me free Information on Europe's blQgest travel bargain. 
I Eurad Youthpass al'd Eurallpass, I Name, __________________________________ __ I AQjress I I Cijy, State ZtP __ I 
• My Travel Agent is 

.... -----___ :.J 
OENMAR:~::.~BElGICM , ~l~ 
F"ANCE GE""'''",V 

GRUCE IIOCLANO /TAL. 

LUXEMeoullG NeA"" • .. !lI!~~ ... --.. - ...... ~IIiII ................ IiiII .. -iiiiiijii •• PORTlIGAL SMIN SWEo1", SWlrZf NO 

i.... '.lntllll.:.c_ . .Ai ~. ·~ ...................................................................................... ~II 



..... 1 • .. 

;801 si.th A ...... 
231·1878 

OPEN 7:3Ii a.m .. 10p.m. M· F 
Salurdays' Sund.Yll0-5 

- . - ~ 

XOCHICALCO 
MEDICAL SCHOOL 
• Recognlz~ by the World Health Organlzltlon 
• Approved by the U.S. Department H.E.W. for 

lOin purpo ... 
• $tudenll eUglbie for COTRANS Ind 

ECFMG eXlm. 
• Optional U.S. Clinical Extern.hlp Progrlm 
• Located In CuernavlIC8, Mexico - 1 hr. 

from Mexico City 
• For Information and application write: 

Xochlcllico UnIv.rsIty 
U.S. Rea-tr. Ottlce 

114 HUlwood ..... 
Plainview. New York 11803 

rVPEWRITER BALE TYPEWRITER BALE TYPEWRITER .A~ 

~ TYPEWRITER CLEARANCE ~ 
... _ m 

~ SALE ~ 
: If you've been puHlng off buying a poriable ; 
w electric typewriter, NOW'S THE TIME TO BUY! • 
t ) 

~ r ~ -::-ROYAL CENTURION ~ 
D. Total portable electric performance and all -< 

the professional features of the finest 11 
>... office electrics . Fastest typing action of m 
W 

any electric portable- up to 160 words C 
per minute. Com •• with carrying C; 

... case. Suggested R.tall. '309.95. :II 
c( -
: ~~r'y S225.00 ; 
w • 
t ) ~ -::-SCM 2200 r ~ Dependable 12" portable . electri~ type~riter ~ 
D. featuring the Coronamatlc Cartridge Ribbon -< System. This system takes the mess out of 11 
>... making corrections or changing type- m 
W 

writer ribbons. Comes with carrying C 
clle. Suggested Relall '330.00. C; 

~ ~~~y $286.85 ~ ~ ; 
~ Come To: • 
~ b4.'IOur 'Advanced eaMpus E~~~~i~~:~_~ 
W ros Clip this A C.E. Coupon I 

~ The U niversity J,:~th ~~~;Ch~!~f~h~~O~!1 
W B k t Centurion. two nylon ribbons. Sugg . ~ 00 sore Retail 13.00 each . 
'" SAVE '6.001 
• £ . 
ffi TId. Wee" Only I \ .: ~: tr . 
... (2/21-3/3) ". ,; "-i l ' _ l j ___ 
IE Thl UniveTsitw Bookstore 

~ "Selection of colors and type s~;;;"fu;;ji.d to 

Free with the purchase of the SCM 
2200. two re-rite correction ribbons. 
Sugg. Retail 12.75 each. 
SAVE 15.501 
Limit. 2 ribbons per coupon 
Cash Value 1/204 
Good one week only at the Bookstore 

II stock on hand. 
A ~~D:at!e~:;:;:;:;;:;:::::::~~ 
)0 os Clip this A.C.E. Coupon ~.ALIE TYPIiWRITER .ALE TYPIilAA. _______________ .J 

Outing Club performs 
a vital function 

by Jady Wallon 
Slalf Wriler 

Inspired by a noble purpose a'nd claiming an impressive history, 
the UCSD Outint Club performs a vital function at a university 
which subscribes to the ideal of a well-rounded education for all. 
As one of the first recognized student organizations on campus 
(founded in 1965), the Outing Club was originally created through 
the joint efforts of both students and faculty who shared a common 
outdoors perspective. 

The club provided opportunities for students and teachers to 
participate together in such weekend activities as sailing, picnics, 
barbecues, day hikes and beach parties. In addition, skiing, 
back~acking, and rockclimbing trips were organized at weekly 
meetmgs. Programs and lectures were also scheduled at the 
meetings to inform members about wilderness values and basic 
mountaineering techniques. I 

Conservation 
Even the original name of the club, the "John Muir" Outing 

Club, portrayed its dedication to the ideals of a conservation- • 
minded individual who realized the vast potential of the 
wilderness as a place to find inner peace and full self-awareness, 
away from the turmoil of daily life. 

Over the years, the Outing Club maintained its high ideals, 
although campus-wide interest seemed to slack off. This year, the 
club dropped' the " Muir" in its original name, in an effort not to 
discourage students who thought it referred to Muir College 
exclusi vely. 

At present, Ross Beveridge, an engineering major at Revelle, is 
the president of the Outing Club. He would like to see a return to the 
functions and involvement the club had when it was founded. " I 
would like to see professors once again become active participants 
in the many activities we plan. I 'm sure the interest is out 
there .. .it's just a matter of reaching and motivating people," said 
Beveridge. . 

"We had a major meeting a couple weeks back to which we 
invited as many people as we could reach through publicity around 
campus. A lot of new members signed up, and this will give the 
club a boost in the upcoming quarter," Beveridge explained. 

While only current UCSD students or (acuity are eligible (or 
membership, the club has had the invaluable assistance of several 
outside consultants. Among these are John Stewart (Muir College 
Provost) , John Pinto and Marc Zola. Stewart is the faculty advisor 
to the Outing Club. 

Pinto, a past president of the club, and now head of public 
relations for Salk Institute, has attended meetings regularly and 
provided his advice and support in successfully organizing various 
ski trips and rock climbing ventures. 

Zola and his partner are opening a new and unique 
mountaineering store in Del Mar next month, which will offer 
special rates to Outing Club members who purchase equipment 
there . According to Beveridge, " This will be a fantastic 
opportunity for club members." The store, called The Great 
Pacific Mountain Works , will specialize in rock-climbing, 
backpacking and skiing equipment. 

Music in European Society, 1700-1900 
HISTORY 131 
Tuts.,Thurs. 12-1:20 pm APM 5880 

Coune Code: 1436 
Professor: William Weber 

This course will concern the vast social trans/ormation which 
musical life underwent in the eighteenth and nineteenth 
centuries. It will deal primarily with the urban musical activities 
if the aristocracy and the middle classes. 
Prerequisite: Upper·Dlvlsion "andln, or permission or the inltruc:tor 

. Janice's 
Hair Garden Special 

Men's Haircuts -Only $8 

Jam( ~ 's Salons 
110 £. WaJhlnRIUN, /lil/.·" SI 
197-&380 

3J7 n"rd A I',. 
Chu/Q ViJI. 
416.J83/ 
8<J1h S.IIlNJ apM 

SOl . 9.-0 

all hair services 
with tudent ID 

and this ad 

Jami'l'! Hair L 
1 J50 ProSP'" 

A,I<K,I/or Pla:lI. LA JolIlI 
454-30:17 

Mo,,·F,I. 9-8 SiI'. 9·5 

Reg. 510 

....... ,.'*'-YU, 1171 

Outing Club ••• 
(COD&inued from page 10) 

The club hal organized 
several trips this year - to 
Yosemite, Anza Borrego, Mt. 
San Jacinto, and even the local 
mountains. According to 
member Jan Dooley, who bas 
gone on sevel'al trips, "It's a 
fun way to get away from 
school, maintain a proper 
perspective, and learn to be a 
peace with yourself . It ' s 
great'" 

Dave Wirt, a discussion 
leader in the Wildeme8~ Class, 
delivered an excellent lecture 
to the club on ·the topic of first 
aid in tbe wilderness. Demons· 
tration of first aid techniques on 
a " live" victim highlighted the 
evening. John West, a leading 
pulmonary expert, addressed 
t he club last week on his 
experiences in the Himalayas. 
West accompanied Sir Edmund 
Hillary on hls expedition up the 
24,500 foot high Mt. Makalu, 
east of Mt. Everest. Upcoming 
lectures include an impressive 
array of experts in various 
fields . 

Kent Madin of the Boojum 
Institute will speak on March 9 
on the topic of "Innovative 
Wilderness Education," with 
special reference to such 
orga nizations as Outward 
Bound and the Boojum Insti· 
tute_ Regions of Baja are 
Madin 's specialty. Madin is 
scheduled to speak at 6: 30 pm in 
HL Auditorium. 

Directory ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
process of co ntacting the 
co mpany and the AS at 
Berkeley to learn the details, 

Keeler began working on the 
directory because he thought it 
would be a "good project. " 
Keeler says that he has also 
introduced Q' Halloran to the 
idea . 

tritan' limn· I 

1. Revelle College 
_ A. UCSD's 3rd College 
__ B. Roger Revelle 

2. Allen Chadwick 
_ A. Physiology Prof 

B. A-440 Doorman 
3. Paul West 

__ A. Public Information 
atUCSD 

--B. Student Lawyer 

4. Open Late 
__ A. Carnegie A-440 
__ B. Lou's Surf & Jump 

SCORE 

100% 1/3rd off pizza 
75% l/4th off pizza 
50% l/5th off pizza 
25% l/Sth off pizza 

Opportunity expires March 5, 1977 
O'Halloran said he does not 

remember ha ving heard about 
the idea . Regardless , said 
Q'Hallaron , it would be " too 
early" for him to start working 
on the proj~ct for next year. 2212 Carmel Valley Road Del Mar 755-6778 Open Late 

triton times 'classifieds 
CLASSIFIED ADS: Dear Barb. Do tile words " cle.ainC depoll" ri.. . Molu", Grad Itudent l. , .bare hom. clo .. SIO. for sala 

S,-*.OI ra .. : * ,... '" _ . bell~ rEo I WOll' my loort)' ""eta. y. know! BCNU belch, bu • . ..- H pm (2127) 
N_ .... : II ,... I .... _ _ 500fI VW (21271 services -For Sale' Finch', Am .. "" Parrot .. illl ca •• and 
Loet. F_ •• : ,..., r.. n,.,1lnw .... .. .""euo __ .l1li. For moro In' o. call Jun at 455-A~ •• ..- _ : W._. " ... Sale. Tr.v". HaPPl' H-,,1IlOIIII in tIIO chimney coa ... Jill .... 1474 (1117' 

HoeoIaeI. SorvIceo. P..- ........ t .. f"_. M ille. H_",.caDjoiD,oolOOD. Wanlalriplepennl to'!(, ofJob .. ,.. ..... radv.rtaed. W. ·ll1eijyoo how 
y..,. .. ~ .... "mn. ru 1iIIe.......uN. (21 2'7) to find them and write a resume Outl will eel Ten, Rae: HeadArtAJh Comp 24'1t LMw.tOlb. new 

dettvft"etl .......................... ti.&MoIfkot-,. intery ie wi . Coye, lellen , quality priftt in. , Vic: Imp Gut mw:t play to I pp. a superdul at $50. 
I pm ....... _.., ~,_ "., .. _or. Deep Il001 is he,..! 11/271 reaaooably priced. VISA / MC. New Di,....tio.. ..1-W17 (2121) 

orr ... -. for .. .-* __ , .... R.aume'.756_. 1M SlI' 
I ...... 11 -3 _, ...... " ..... , . Do you quallfy ... doepllooler1V .. now lhereo ... 

Parsonals lilree poallJono Iv.ilable. (1/171 W_: TIl .... etl(ibIe upe_ Innenuhe 
•• terpolo r.mlle. to belp roul eaperienced 80/. N.turall\ioOory c.- ...... s.. '" Conn. .. 

lIoy •. lIIar. "Apr. I _ _ Cootact: Y . RoUp 11$4 
8B • ..,.,. lSI II, 
\ 1 \\I"'U111 Ht.::\TAL Siu l:h.l1d :!ike .. u~. 3 
bkx>u rrom lifts 7 ,. Tr) to phln your trip 3 to 4 
"HU ahe.d minimum SkJtn,lbouki be ,rtM' tnN 
MOtY_ C~JI Doua 17141 s.~5Z'nor 1714) 77O-II5711lJl) 
MtcU~.1 SC'llolarablp • . 5N immediate .".Ir 
_.,_ ................. llabletoeat.eri ..... 
.nrollodmod_. C.UN'VJI'-.' •• mJIII. 
_ . (4/ IJ) 

SI"",,,, join OUr wonderful Madri •• 1 G roup. Call 
CYDlhl.2tI_ 13111 

~ORK IN JAPAN! Teach El1Iliah converaallGo. 
No eJl~rience. dqree-. or JapeMlt required. Send 
lonl .• tamped . .. 1I·.dd_oed ...... 1_ for detalb. 
Japan - 1M. 411 W. Cenler. C..lraUa. WA 11511 
'31t' 
Loal: Reward' T~nl. rlK'qutt Dilv. Clauic'L 
wl cover Y.b. 17 T...,.,y PI .......... tabln . G ..... 
tape ., lriP fmotJonal value. Reward Jorp 411· 
I.I3t 1212'71 

A~,c-Se.~"'-_._, 
~r' -""''''''''''''_''''''''Le<I_,C'''' 
."er ... , .e •••. Tillie •• ,l.II., I. llie'lli I •• 
... ,...-,.;v ... -... ......... __ ... _ 
"" __ ",oIvk __ : __ .. w, 
IlIera.,. &H1I."ee8 ; ......... lie'.'. MJ: .. I 
llI ... ,1ft; ... WI _ ........... _ . AIle< 
,_,: ,..,: ...... ,..: T __ ~. 
Ne ......... S.L_ ..... T ............. 
Itl ·' •••• Prh ••• aea ••••• e ••• a.a"altl, . 
........ -_ .......... _ ... 
,..... _"~ 1kI, _. MINlIl1 •• I •• ~ .. I' h .. 'no ___ -_ .. .... 
... ..,_11. ... _ .... ..,.. ........... .. 
.... -......... ......-..... -'-
-_ .. ....,-.(111' 
M_' AIIl_ot..., ....... Ala __ ..,.. 
.-_ .......... t .. (2111) 
T ... ..... . at TLII I'" '""" 11-1 • _n .. N ........ Iboftloo ..... _.~ ____ 
(lilfl 

_nullo WlJorpolo _lei .et llIeir bolla wet. II 
__ c.lI_ (2127, 

w .. t to do II In Jbo water? Girta willl l .... rtUbe 
w."'r polo •• pelioa<e joiD DEEP FLOAT. C.U_ 
It'll 111271 

W ...... : T ..... PIa wi .. n...,;-e IJII_rtUbe 
w''''rpelo. Object wlna~p. eau.-
(1127, 

MGLB-H_ - r. Wlab I wu ~iq my B-
elay 10 SD IOO! DriDk II or.'ormNlm PS.,rry lu 
la.., (1/271 

NeuropllyaloJoly Lab IIUL, - Spri"l Quarter. All 
onJerWted .....- ...... ld can or He ".ry Lou In 
Iia _r H.ll (..-!' for mo ... inlormatlon .... 
10 lip up for •• 1ntervie1Y .llIIer 1121 or 3/ t . (1/271 

~ UCSD _m I .... a (Keck.rbo. P.Ia.,.? C.1l 
FOCUI, We' ,.. _IA • we "",... 111_ (1/11) 

To .... Dice lIlY' In room aN AllaDU • ... KHII 
s.nU~"! I - your teeret Mmirerw. B. and 8. 
XltXXOOOOOXXXXOOOOOXX (1m, 

traval 
BOOK ON CAMPUS: Eur_. Hawaii . nd New 
Vorl< Chaner f1llh ... C1EESludenl Travel Studenl 
Center B-tt.!. O .... n w .. kday. IH. c.n w.-
l"H) 
SprI", B",." in M ... tlan . ... ve Mlrcb27. 5 daytl4 
nl,htl Inrludts hOlel . deluxe dlane r •• pedal 
6coun1 ....... ....... irf ..... bay cruloe aCd .'rport 
1..-.... c.n N .... : _ . TLC Tn •• 1 111171 

housing 
llIdnn . ...... Condo. I ...... lor_ .......... III, 
IIIIM .• leCa _ _ IIJ._7. 71..-- (J ilt) 

N_ I.., _ ... ltar1iB.IIIrilII..-r. On 
.-n I.,.. _ IRIo St. 0.111 ... CaD KIm .. I· 
M I1 11117' 

0- nn III J bdrm 1\0 beUI .......... FIlII ....... 
N..,. 11111 ....... _ for _ ,._. D... J-." _ Cell _ ....."lArI _I. 
1"-_EO Itlpl __ ClIJI) (1I1?J 

Professional T),piol . ReAloa able Rates H'M 
Correctinl Solectric. Call 'or Free Estimale . Gall 
"'.7MO. 16111 

TYPING - Marilyn woolcllik. 10 fulfill your !)'Pin, 
-... _ •• pen. ,..aaonable. hal IBM. Call f1O.4'72I_ 
(11:/71 

NEED A TYPIST? Reuonable ,..tel. SPEEDY 
SERVICE. IBM IOlf-correctinl Kalllie m._ 
.rter 12: 00 1IOOtI. (31t7, 

Ladie, 3-apeed Schwinn bike won.. Uk. a lop S5I 
mUit leU! CaU Kilby 452 .... or leave your 00. 
121171 

Jill VW automatic tral'lamiuioA Sua a.una tIOO 
" 1-_ (3111 
Womeo·, kJ piDU Worn once. New. cc.t ~ Now 
~. c.n 274-$211 .v....... (1It7) 

wanted 
USED lIIicroocope. C.U ~ H pm. Luci. 
(2127' 

TyplDl-.. lfcorrectiall IBIII .. \octric term p.pe .... t_. etc . •• perieIIced. ut· l5llew-"UDli • . (III" Wooled: Two ....... men ttlllelp do It you .... U ... 
move (rom apartmenl to hou .. S25 .ach_ Can 4SS-

TYPING! IBM SeIoclric lerm _ .... lIIe_, PW. .7 11127) 
_rtaUona. edltiap. RUSH JOBS · 413'-. He-
l m . __ • 412-1l1li (III) Lead vocaU.l in need or ealhu.iaetic lUillln.t(.) , 
Warren miai-counel will be Laupt once per pia~. aDd ~.r 10 form ,roup. Intenllltd in 
even'nc (i .t ., skUnc. lCuba) inro.t Warren Prova.t plIyl.ftC Eivil PrnIey and otber SOl: and early'" 
orrlce. 121271 rock. Andy W-Nte 111271 
Tu.ori .. .calc\llua. AIIObrl , Trill. ADaI lGeom.' . Ea", Sol. / bl'! .... 11 or pan·Ume .. lHpe....,....,.ll 
Pby.ic • • S,atl.tlc • . Call IIh 217 ·47 51 (5124, Pvrily Waler Co. II Z7MUI. , .m.a pm (3/3, 

Typin.l~llperienced . reliable, reaaonable. IBM l aten'I ... wanted with people who blYf' been 
Cor_Un. Selectnc Call anytl"", 45H117 Mrs IUbjf(ll In medlc.1 uperimeDtaUon 'or med(1 
aIds "It I artiCle Call (lIS' __ 13/S) 

PROFESSIONAL THE~;A~US~ RI~T Proo/,.. .... r - l-2, M·F. NortbCountynow.paper 
TYPING. E.pennced: lhorou.hly fom,lI.r wiUl Call .-.n47. 12121) 
In form '1t)'1e rtIIIIl ......... u. R ..... joIII.....,.... 
IBM CorrtctI,. SelectrIc II Iy_riter D.y.. CNh paid lor colM. clu ........ jew.lry. dental 
5311. ev • . _1147. "ltl 1Ol4. lUOrll ........... ltlS U S. SUVt!rcolna. Ken756-

ml (417) RESEARCH PAPERS - Tbouaaada on lilt. SZ.75 
per pa ... Or\linol ,.. ... rch a llO Iv.llable. Send 
II .. 'or calal.. NATIONAL RESEARCH 1_ Anlat· ........... II/br. IIIIn/wk ..-. be ... to 
W,1IIIi,.. /10, 2141.A _4 1113) . 79-1'" (Slt7I woril r ••• proIJcleMI.J widl....,lIaI. PII. _?lit 

Hypnoeil can Improve mtmory . CODCentr.tJon. 
read In,., a ad your tul talin, a bility Cell 
Lawmoce W. Geed! R H. 217'-. Groulll .,.. 
formlD. now. PrI .... __ A •• llabIe. (1It7) 

Prof . Typ ... ... portl. ml.c. PIpe ... '" P • . 
A..,.... .... fa. IB .. carl>oa ri-. mell. Call lEE. 
756-7111. Clip", ....... \SI l l 
!Illy Dlv", It '. bile..... rm 0..-.... 1""'111 
_'or _ all..,. lutrwIIooI 0.. 411-
... 1111'7' 
Tniot: lUI IleIoeUie II . ....... __ . 
V.r)' r ......... r ••••. • 1'-I1t1 . IJ/ I ) 

(IIJ) 
Modell/Mal. GOOd pay tor ,be riIIh' pe ..... Send 
phOIO P . O Box 1"$ L. Joll. UUI (11 1) 

__ ................ .. ra_br 
letll., \I. rn''''*t y.ur prOl,.ml. Aay type 

~ OD • .,. IJIIAIm C-- je\JI •• _ Ale. __ (JIM, 
Y_ -.loci 10 ..... room: I blinn _ . 
l1li .......... _. ,,. . IltII.N_.-'-
-... (JIm 

Basketball ••. 
(Continued from page 5) 
came back to take a 36-29 lead . 
The Tritons managed to close 
the deficit at halftime on a layin 
by Omalev and a 20 footer from 
the corner by Bob Frazier. 

A tipin by Frazier two and 
one half minutes into the second 
half pulled UCSD with in 42-41 
but Azusa , behind Jeff Golden 
and Steve Severs, padded the 
margin to 59-49. After starting 
forward Stan Hopper left the 
game with an injury (he banged 
heads with Severs going for a 
loose ball) , Azusa made use of 
their height advantage to 
control the boards and widen 
their lead to 69-53 with just over 
eight minutes left. 

Azusa maintained an 18 to 20 
point lead until the final buzzer 
as Levi Richards and Severs 
matched UCSD basket for 
basket. Richards played only 23 
minutes but scored 17 points 
(five of seven from the Ooor) 
and pulled down a game high 10 
rebounds. 

Golden led all scorers with 20 
points while Severs and Mike 
Street of Azusa chipped in 16 
each . Frazier paced the Tritons 
with 16 points and nine 
rebounds while Lee Brockett 
had 15 . 

DNA ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
of Health guidelines for DNA 
recombinant research to all 
public ly and privately sup-
ported work in this field . At 
pre sent , universities and 
research labs engaged in DNA 
experimentation with NIH 
funding must adhere to 
specified guidelines. Most of 
these guidelines were inacted 
almost two years ago to help 
preclude the possibilitY,of any 
dangerous mocroorgamsm or 
toxic materials escaping from 
the laboratories, and possibly 
posing a hazard to people or the 
environment. There are no 
guidelines or controls govern-
ing the operation of compar-
able recombi nan t experi-
ments in private industry or 
private research centers. 

LeJ(al measures 
PreciselY beause so much 

concern has been expressed 
about the absence of controls in 
private research institutions, 
Congress last year examined 
many bills which sought to 
initiate legal jurisdiction over 
DNA research done by these 
groups. None were passed. 

Presently. the House sub-
committee is drawing up 
legislation that would be in 
force for two years and would 
give inspection authority 

Assassinations •. 
(Continued from page 3) 
advertised. 

In a related story, the AiB is 
distressed over an upcoming 
television documentary " Ruby 
and Oswald" to be presented by 
the Columbia Broadcasting 
System next month. 

" It's the Warren Report put 
to music," said Goldberg_ It 
concerns the four da ys in 
Dallas and the AlB claims that 
the movie is not good history. 

" CBS used a discredited 
source_ We offered to act as 
consul tar. t to CBS but were 
turned do Nn," Goldberg added . 

Meanwhile , the AlB has 
learned tbal the mQSt recent 

fil~ trom the }I'HIlDdicate that 
the FBI and the Warren 
Committee were c rf'fully 
watch.ing each other. The }I' m 
also scrutinized critics oC the 
Warren Report, by attendiDI 
lectures by Warren Committee 
critic, Mark Lane. 



..... 11 

·TA •••• 
(CondDued from pale 5) 
program "~ost are undergraduates, although according to the universit~, liearning to teach is part of the graduate student's 
education" .l . ti 11 th I Although Qle T A Development Program IS essen a, y ~ ~n y 
place on campus where graduate T As receive teacher s tramml, 
there are several required training programs for undergraduate 
TAs and tutors. . th I ti David Smith of the biology department descnbes e se ec on 
and training of undergraduate genetics TAs. "At the end of each. 
quarter, we pull out the top students in the class and ask then:t If 
they would like to T A the c~urse the sa~e quarte~ of the follow!ng 
year. We then train them m both subject matenal and teaching 
skills for a full year. We've polled students a~d foun~ that .these 
TAs are most effective." Genetics T~s. receive no ~ma.~clal. or 
academic credit for over 60 hours of trammg. Says Smith, T A-lOg 
genetics is the hardest job on campus." 

The undergraduate tutors for the Muir 10 Writing Program are 
also required to undergo traini~g . Thef . must take Gen~ral 
Literature 194, a class in the teachmg ofwntmg. The tutor-tram~ 
is required to attend three ~ours of ~hat class every week, 10 
addition to sitting in on a MUIr 10 section. 

OASIS tutors (predominantly undergradu~te) must t~ke 
Teacher Education Program 196, a clas . which ~mpha~lzes 
probing and communication skills, and which reqUires ~rltten 
assignments as well as six hours a week spent tutormg or 
attending that class for which the person plans to tutor. 

UCSD not alone 
Commenting upon the lack of required training for gradua~e 

TAs, Beryl Brown, Tutor~al Coordi.nator for OASIS, says that ~h~s 
situation " is far from bemg peculiar to UCSp. Everywhere It IS 
assumed that if a person has mastery of a subject, he or she k~ow,~ 
how to teach it. In my opinion, an extremely false assumption. 
Brown adds that graduate students, and hence professors, are 
trained to become experts on subject matter, wh~l~ , " ~rofess~rs , 
and not just at UCSD, may never have had any tramlDg m teach~ng 
at all. I think a bigger questin than 'why aren't o';lr T As bemg 
taught to teach?' is 'why aren't our professors bemg taught to 
teach?'" 

---'- -

triton times MOItfMy, February 27,1871 
DNA •.. 

(Continued from page 11) 
over all DNA research centers to the Secretary 
of Health, Education and Welfare . The 
Secretary would enforce the established NIH 
guidelines through suspension of grant funds, 
levying of fines, or court injunctions. 

The technology of gene manipulation has 
developed out of the major public investment in 
biomedical research over the past 30 years. 
Thus the context in which the controversies over 
the hazards and benefits are best examined is 
that of national health and research policy. To 
best determine the fate of genetic research it is 
preferable to have responsible public 
participation in the scientific decision-making 
process, it was aJreed upon by the session 
members, as this kind of research will affect our 
lives, and the lives of our children. 

The science consultant to the House 
subcomittee on health and the environment. Dr. 
Burke Zimmerman commented during the 
session: "This is a safety bill and does not 
address itself to the moral aspects of this field of 
scientific research." . 

Essentially, by extending NIH guidelines to 
all individuals and organizations engaged in 
recombinant research , said partiCipants , 
Congress would be effectively buying time in 
which to evaluate and develop whatever new or 
supplemental legislation is needed. 

(I was able to attend the Am~rica.n 
Association for the Advancement of SCience 10 
Washington, D.C. through the assistance of 
Dean Beckley, the Muir Academic Senate, and 
in addition, David Ryer at the office of the 
Chancellor. It was a tremendous learning 
experience and I'm grateful for the 
opportunity.) 

Admissions ... 
(Contined from page 1) 
to get black students into 
medical school. " There are 
very few black doctors, he said, 
pOinting out that the only 
medical school graduates who 
go into the black ghettos to 
practice medicine are black. 

In reference to the Bakke 
case Russell said, "There are 
always people who don't want 
special admissions programs; 
this gives them ammo. " The 
Bakke case is reflective of the 
general erosion of attitudes 
toward uplifting the poorer 
sections of society, he con-
tinued. 

Russell pointed out that the 

U.S. Supreme Court has ruled 
in the past that quota system 
hiring of minorities is ronsti-
tutional if the org. 11ion 
doing the hiring shows ~ "ldence 
of past discrimination. He said 
the UC system has discrimi-
nated against minorities, using 
as an example that the UCLA 
Medical School graduated its 
first black student in 1970. 

Russell does not feel that the 
SAS can ignore the ethnic 
background of a student and 
look predominantly at whether 
he is disadvantaged or not. A 
problem occurs when you do 
this, he said, in that a large 
percentage of white students 
are admitted through the SAS. 

" By not calling a spade a 

O~l-V al!ns 

spade you run into that kind of 
problem," Russell said. 

Overall benefit 
In reference to the special 

admissions program Russell 
said, "There is no way to do 
something to improve the 
status of a minority student 
without it benefitting every-
one." As an example, Russell 
pointed out that the tutorial 
system at the medical school, 
which was originally designed 
to aid inadequately prepared 
special admissions studen.ts, is 
now used as often by those not 
admitted through the SAS as by 
those who are. 

SI)lS-~8~ :auo4d alieA el ap e!A OL9l 
'JaIUa~ 6u!ddo4S II!H JaMol,:j a4J ollse3 calieA el ap B!A 

Leydon (Skip) Jones, who 
works with the special admis-
sions program , said , " You 
can't ignore race as a criteria 
for letting people into profes-
sional schools when in the past 
race was a criteria for not 
letting them in - either 
directly or indirectly." 

cl!xa >toeJlaOeJ Je~ laG a41 Ie g-I UO 
. - sJ!eda~ - aO!AJas - sales - slelua~ -

SJ3llYlDO SS3UJ3PI!M. 
, i SS!W Ol lUUM l,UOM 

nOA UOHulq 3 13J 
U S,H ·S')(lO M U!Ul 
-unow J!Jpud lU3l~ 
3q.l lU ' 11 qJlUW 

q~nolql " qJlUW ~U! 
-lJ8lS ~u!u3dO pU1U~ 
3ql Ol 3,)(!H U 3')(8.1 OS 

°SUOHS3nb 
l3MSUU pUU as!puuqJ 
-law l!3ql lU3S3ld 
Ol ql" 3ql uo puuq UO 
3q IHM S3A!lUlu3sald 
- 311 l3lnlJUjnuuw 

°aJOW lO S3suqJlnd 
·015 ql!M SJ3WOlSnJ 
OJ sJJ!qS-l AUMU 

~U!A!~ 3Q OSIU 11,3 M 

° AlUSSaJ3U . 
3suqJlnd 0 N ·Sl3qJO 
pUU 'lS3 M Ull3!S 
'3JU31J3dx3. SS3U 

. 

-l3PHM 'suOHJUlnV 
~U!WO:J 'alU3JS V 
'alqJ!UH 'as!MI!Ul.l 
'JlodsUUf :WOlJ lU3W 
-d,nb3. ~U!l(lud')(JU8 
AJ!lunl) dOL 3pnpU! 
S3Z!ld IUUO!J!PPV 

• J3lU3:J !,)(S lS3 M 3snoH l8~ns 3ql 
lU Juawd!nba pU8 Uo!pnJJSU! !')(S AllUnOJ-SSOJJ 33Jj S3pnpU! UOHUJUA 30qul 3q.1 °:.IOHV.1 

Ol OMJ JOj dIll 8 jO l3UU!M 3ql aq AUW nOA JO d!ll NVIIV M VH ~U!lPX3 UO nOA PU3S 
pU8 i Ulno IHM S')(JO M U!UlUnOW lUp8d lB3l~ 3ql 'p3')(J!d S! aWBU JnOA jl O~U!MUlP Jno lOj 
Jal~!~3" 3WOJ ·flOA lOj 3JOlS U! S,lUqM S,3Jaq 'lU3Wd!nb3 pUU 13Juddu lOOPlno JO UO!P313S 
Al! lUnb lS3q~!q 3qJ S3P!S38 is,)(JOM U!8Junow l!JPUd lUaJ~ 3qJ JU UOHUJQ313:J ~U!U3dO 

pUlU~ ~UOI ,)(a3M U jO JlUJS JUlnlUpads 3qJ S! " qJlUW iSlSU!SnqJull00Plno UOHuanv 

JJ8J\1 
8J 

Jones said he feels the SAS 
has been successful "in terms 
of the quality of the students 
that have come out of the 
program." There is too much of 
an emphasis on numbers as a 
criteria for admissions, he said. 
When everybody has high 
scores it's time to start looking 
at other things like participa-
tion in socially oriented 
activities and intention of 
where to practice medicine. 

4-++++++ ... 
.fI Happy 8-doy Aandi I : 
i'd!t++++++++t!i1 

THE TREND 
DRESSY O R DRESSED UP CASUAL 

I .u , ", &t ,·I, t, ,,,,,' .... ,,,, Ui , 'ufl 

SAN_GO 
SOUTH BAV PlAZA LOMA SOVARE FASHION VALL[Y 
PARKWAY PLAZA COLLEGE GROVE TOWNE CENTR! 
GROSSMONT CENTER "LAlA CAMINO REAL 
LOI ANGellS 
LOli CERRITOS WESTMINSTER PUENTE HILLS MALL 
FOX HILLS MALL WEST COVINA GI E ND~LE GALLERI~ 


