
l Volume 33, Numbe' 17 UC an Diego Wednesday, February 15,1978 
SYlllPosium set tonight 
Should saccharin ban · remain? 

by Alan Nilsson 
Staff Wri&er 

Third College and the 
Department of Community 
Medicine will co-sponsor a 
symposium, titled "Saccharin, 
Delaney and the FDA" tonight 
at 8 pm in the Mandeville Aud-
itorium. 

The symposium , an out-
growth of the cooperative effort 
of Community Medicine and 
Third College to educate 
undergraduates about medical 
and health policy issues, will 

These groups question the 
validity of using animal tests to 
predict cancer in man. More-
over, they criticize the absolu-
tism of the Delaney clause, 
claiming that benefits as well 
as risks should be considered. 

Supporters of the clause 
argue that it removes dis-
cretion from FDA , thus 
insulating the regulatory 
agency from those who have 
economic stakes in regulatory 
decisions. The clause only 
applies to materials deliber-

"Both proponents and crlUcs have sclentlflcally-
based argumentl. To evaluate the Delaney clau .. , 
one mUlt take a clo .. r look at the underlying Illuel. 

concentrate on a discussion of 
the controversial regulations 
governing food additive safety. 

The Food and Drug Adminis-
tration's (FDA) policies came 
under fire due to its recent 
decisions about the safety of 
saccharin, a noncaloric sugar 
substitute. 

A much disputed Canadian 
test on rats revealed that 
sacc harin induced bladder 
ca ncer to a statistically 
significant degree in male rats. 
These results were SLlbmitted 
to FDA, which then proposed 
that saccharin be banned as a 
food additive. The ban was 
mandated by the Delaney 
clause, a 1958 amendment to 
the Food, Drug and Cosmetic 
Act that forbids the addition to 
food of any substance found 
carcinogenic in man or animal. 

The FDA's proposal to ban 
saccharin met stiff opposition 
from dietary food firms, many 
consumers and some sectors of 
the scientific community . 

ately added to food. Proponents 
ask, why allow the addition of 
potential carcinogens if they 
are not essential? 

Both proponents and critics 
have scientifically-based 
arguments. To evaluate the 
Delaney clause, one must take 
a closer look at the underlying 
issues. 

At the base of the controversy 
is the practice of using tests on 
animals to predict cancer 
dangers for man. Dr. William 
Ljjinski. DJrec.tQr of th..e 
Chemical Carcinogensls 
Program at the National 
Cancer Institute's Frederick 
Cancer Research Center, 
discussed the validity of such 
tests in a recent article. 

When a substance induces a 
statistically significant 
number of tumors in test 
animals, it is assumed to be a 
carcinogen for man. It should 
be noted that nearly all known 
carcinogens for man induce 
cancer in some suitable test 

V-P, senior push more 
Del Mar bus service 

by Andy Schneider university community, Hod-
Associa&e News Editor skins pointed out that "They 

"The bus doesn' t run to Del (Del Mar City Council) figure 
Mar on the weekends or late in everybody's got a car. Students 
the evening. It's unfair to leave need the bus just as much as we 
students sttanded," com- (elderly) do. You can't get up to 
mented AS Vice-president the library for studying and you 
Mark Sindler. can't go to weekend pro-

Sindler met yesterday with grams." . 
Burt Hodakins, a North County Sindler agrees and intends to 
senior citizen who has organ- ask for an AS Council RelOlu-
ized a petition drive to push for tion he hopes "will draw 
the extended service. together a coalition based upon 

Reque.ting help from the (Pleue tum &0 page 8 

animals. 
Many people are quick to 

point out that test animals 
receive extremely high doses of 
substances, so the tests seem 
unrealistic . Lijinski replies 
that high doses are adminis-
tered for three reasons: that 
the doses must compensate for 
the low sensitivity of 'animal 
tests to weak carcinogens or 
low doses of strong carcino-
gens, the short life span of the 
test animals, and the neces-
sarily small number of animals 
that can be used in any test. 

Skeptics often say, .. Any-
thing can cause cancer if 
administered in large enough 
doses." Not so, replies Lijinski. 
Recently , 120 chemicals 
suspected of causing cancer 
were tested on animals. The 
chemicals were fef! daily to 
mice in the highest doses the 
mice could tolerate. Only 11 of 
the 120 compounds induced 
more tumors in the test animals 
than in a control group. Put 
simply, high doses may bloat or 
kill animals, but most subs-
tances do not cause cancer. 

Students hit TT's 
CIA recruitment ad 

A second major issue in the 
controversy hinges on the 
concept of a " no effect level." 
The FDA determines tolerable 
IeV81ii .of . unavoidable ~~ 
such as DDT and aflatoxin, a 
potent carcinogen produced by 
mold on peanuts . Why does 
FDA not determine tolerable 
levels for substances such as 
saccharin? Critics of the 
Delaney clause believe that 
some allowable minimum can 
be determined. The difficulty 
lies in developing an acceptable 
criterion for making such a 
decision. Lijinski, for one, does 
not believe that a " no effect 

A group of about 40 persons gathered outside the Triton Times 
office yesterday to protest both the newspaper's printing of a 
CIA recruitment ad and the fact that the agency is again openly 
recruiting students. 

The three speakers who addressed the rally emphasized that 
they were not protesting the Triton Times ad as much as they 
were demonstrating against the CIA's past covert actions. 

The protestors then marched to the Career Planning and 
Placement Office. where the CIA applications are available. 
The protestors marched into the office in single file , ~ach taking 
a CIA application. They then walked out of the office; tore the 
applications in half and threw them away. 

Career Planning director Gloria Liebrenz said a number of 
students have picked up CIA applications. 

The CIA ad , which was published in last Monday and 
Wednesday's Triton Times, lists a number of " professional 
opportunities" that are available through the agency. The ad 
says, " Women and Minorities are encouraged to apply." 

At the rally, Emily Hicks said, "The Triton Times' ad has 
.served to remind us that UC is once again being used to recruit 
people for the CIA. We don't really care about the TT. But it is 

(Please turn to page 4) (Please turn to page 8) 

Wildernes~class: more than trees 
-Course a~alyzes -contemporary environmental issues 

Wilderness. 

by Kitty Robinson 
Copy Editor 

The word brings to mind images of alpine 
meadows, mountain streams and wild animals. 
But to the group of students who are designing 
and planning a class called "Wilderness and 
Human Values", the concept of wilderness 
means a lreat deal more. 

Through the medium of the wilderness, the 
class attempts to analyze the environn'lental 
problems that face society today . Many 
different subjects are encompassed in the 
lectures and discussion sections, including 
literature, biology, bistory, anthropology and 
vi.ual arts. 

And, incidentally, class members also go 
backpacking, rock ·climbing, scuba diving, 
sailing, canoeiDi and cross country skiing. 

"We want to explore contemporary human 
values, where they come from, how they're 
fonned," explained Muir Provost John Stewart, 
who is leading the class this year. "We are using 
the wilderness a. the subject on wbich to test 
these values." 

Started six years alo, the class is part of the 
Contemporary Issues proaram of John Muir 
College. Tbe Contemporary Il8ues department 
offers a variety of classes each quarter, each of 
which deals with .ome important modern 
problem. 

The wilderneaa course is divided into three 
paru: philOIOphical iasues and cultural values; 
realities and practical issues; and acting on 
issue •. In the larle class lectures, guest 

wilderness-related subjects. The speaker -
"top-flight intellectuals", according to Stewart 
- were chosen by a core group of students who 
are going to be discussion leaders for the class 
sections. These speakers include: . 

- Herber t Marcuse , UCSD Professor 
eQleritus of philosophy, on A Critique of the 
Ideas and Values of our Technological-
Mercantile Society; 

- Willie Unsoeld, member of the U.S. Everest 
Expedition, on Positive Values of Wilderness 
Experiences; 

-Roger Revelle, DirectoremeritusofScripps 
Institute of Oceanography, on The Oceans and 
the Threats They Face; 

- Philip Schultz, M.D., on Rehabilitation of 
Birds of Prey; 

-Frank Riseley. M.D., on Mountaineering 
Medicine; 

- Hamilton Hess, USF Doctor of Theology, on 
The Wilderness in a Religious Perspective; and 

- Will Wright, UCSD Professor of Sociology. 
on Wilderness Reflected in the Images and 
Attitudes of Modern America. 

In short, accotd ng to discussion leader Jean 
Thomson, "The sp!akers will cover all aspects 
of the :*ilderness - philosophical, practical, 
aesthetiC - to show how their fields relate to it ... 

~~~~!!!.!!!:..!~~~~!!!.~~~!..!~~~~==~ s.,ea kers will gi ve presenta lions abou t 

Texts to be used for tbe class were also chosen 
by the IJ'OUV ur dilK.'UI810n leaders. Novell by 
William Faulkner and Joseph Conrad, as well a 
a historical textboCSk, Wilder '" aDd tbe 
American MIJId , will be discussed and IInalyzed 

(Pleue l1II'Il to .... e 4) 



,.... iii" times ......... r. FeINuIIy 11,1171 

Dun ~:n;~kers; the thrill is gone 
·uca...... '. by Ted BurU sound check, a mwidane chore 

Ni<l!h..t ~- .... (thole . in bold faced .. - the left Iide f The reconstituted Electric in which the band checkl to see '1*rIiIon"~) ~. -.. '0(11'''-'~Trit' Ti 0 F 1 a, 0 n e 0 f Am e ric a's if the hoWle sound system will 
aged, a paunch of a stomach 
that drooped like a sick blimp 
over his belt buckle. Mr . 
Straight, I mused. His tweed 
jacket with Ivy League patches 
on the elbows, balding pate, and 
stylishly framed glaues made 
him look like a business man 
dressed in a ClcR version of 
casual hip threads. The other 
was the approximation of every 
hippie you've ever seen; hair 
that dr.ooped down to his ass , 
tight jeans that looked as 
though he had to be melted 
down and poured into them, 
sunglasses to hide marijuana 
red eyes. 

"I I)IAe repraent a ~ opII"IlOIl !'.. on met ' ba-"'. bel ffi f th Di,ht's concert which iI ax:npriaed of ECfitor Alan RuAen, Senior editor fo~most ~k ..... ore su ce or. ~ . 
l"fc:it'lIt1ai ecitorRanAnbarNewuditorLauraRichter ' thelrdemisem19ll,were,oing After arrlvlD" eager a.nd 
AIIociat News edit Andy Schneider ~ Reed Alpert and Allistarrt to give a comeback concert at breathing bard - ~e .busnde 
Man . e editor C OI'Iindy Heffron AI _'_-' terial and artwork UCSD's gym and I, brasb was. short and hadn t glV.en me 
.. , . , ' .. --.. me . journalist that I am thou,ht sufficient time to re,am my ~t the aut~ I, or artist I opInIOn, and do not neceuariIy ren..ct it'd be interesting ~ get an breath from chasin, It two 

thLlIWWI of the Inton Tunes. interview with these pys usiDi blocks - I paused and surve¥ed 
the perspective of them beiDg the scene. Pure chaos. Roadies, 
golden oldie anachronisms the ~haracters who .after 
from the sixties trying to make hangmg a~und ~e penphery 
a significant dent in a music of a band's lOner Circle manage 
scene that has progressed light to integrate th.emsel~es by 'CIA ad rally 

TIle rally beld yesler'day &0 pro&est our pubUealion of a CIA 
reenJuneDt ad was aD effecUve preteDtaUO. of lhe arpmeau 
ataiDs& 1'1IDIliD'lueh u ad. Radler diu 1'eIOI1iD, &0 liolueerin, 
or lUUIlt!-CaIIbIl. the people pnKesliD, poiDled 10 tae lIeue bellind 
&he ad - &hat die CIA flacll UIlivenlty-educated ltudeDlI valuable 
as po&eDtJai acealS-

The aatJ-CIA ad proletlon seem 10 be zeroia, iD OD several 
major poiDlI of objeclion 10 our publieatloa of the ad. AmODllhote 
poiDlI are lbal pubUealion of die ad coDdolleS CIA acdvUIes ud 
&hat die ad II iDdeed olfeDlive &0 the campul commUDity. We laid 
iD dill lpace lut week we would not priDt aD ad we thou",t wu 
offeaiJve &0 a majority of studeall. 

FInt of all, the idea &hat we eODCloae CIA adivitles by l"IIDIlia, 
their ad is paaeady absurd. WE aeidler CODdoae aor condema uy 
of die ads we prlDt. Radler, we pubUsb &hem u a tw.way service: 
for tile advertiser. who has boupt the space 10 publicize a service 
or product, aad &0 our readen. who CaD ~e advantage of the 
advertised object if they desire. 

Regardless of our personal views we priDt the ads neutrally. For 
the record, though, none of us condone the CIA's put actions as 
pertaining to the overthrow of democratically-elected 
,overnments or assuination of foreign leaders_ Rather, we 
condemn them, both the CIA and the politicians who ordered the 
alency's adivities. 

We also take issue with the protestors' assertion that last year's 
referendum vote - when some 1300 students v~ted to cut all UC 
ties with the CIA - proves the student body finds the CIA ad 
offensive. Only aboul17 percent of the sludent body voted last year 
to sever CIA connectioDs with the university. We hardly find such a 
vote conclusive proof of campus opposition to CIA ties witb UC. 

And, even If a majority of students find tbe CIA itself offensive, 
can that fact be carried over &0 prove our publication of the ad is 
also offensive? We don't think so, Publication of an ad is a mat~r 
of freedom where we print information we feel is relevant to our 
readership. 

We respect the people who pro&elJted the publication of the ad 
yesaerday, aad we will defend their right to do so. However, we do 
not ap-ee with their point of view, 

New letter policy 
In tbe past, our policy on tbe length of letters-to-the-edltor has 

been that we reserve tbe right to edit letters longer than a 
pale aDd a half. This has left us open (perhaps deservedly) to the 
charle of arbitrarily deciding which letters to edit and which to 
run wbole. 

To avoid such an appearance in the future. we have decided that 
uy letter lon,er tban a page and a haH will be edited down &0 that 
Umit. If any people feel tbey can't make tbeir point in tbat space, 
we Invite them 10 come talk witb us about writing a commentary 
for our opinion page. We'll try &0 make some arrangement to botb 
&heir satisfaction and ours. 

In addition, we'd like 10 reaffirm our policy of not printinl uy 
letter that is not accompanied by both tbe writer' name and 
identification number. This policy includes letters from groups, 
We will print letters slped by a IJ'OUP, or Itnliped if the wriaer 
requests it. but we will keep the name of the wriaer on file for public 
inspection, 

Compromise 
AS communications commissioner Dave Eisen bu two main 

objections to providing student funds for Tom Tanana's 
conservative journal. the Free Triton. First. Tanana hu to print a 
disclaimer in his staff box and masthead, sayin, that the paper is 
prinla by UCSD students_ Second, Tanana has to prove the Free 
Trite,n needs funds and is staffed primarily by UCSD students. 

W" 'ave no quarrel with the first requirement. U tbe paper is 
funded by student money ,the fact should be acknowledged_ Nor do 
we dIsagree with Eisen's edict that Tanana prove the paper needs 
funds, although we're not sure how best to ascertain this 
kDowledge. 

W~ do, however, feel Tanana has 8 I8Iitimaae case concerning 
public disclosure of the names of his staff members. Several years 
a,o, e New Indicator had a similar problem. when the adm~stratlon froze its budlet because it refused to priDt iD ill 
ltaft Hex the names of people who worked on the paper, At tbe 
dine, • compromise was worked out, with the paper agreeing to 
piacl! the Dames of four responsible individuall on file. 

TIre New Indicator compromise was an equitable oae, w,deb 
met the objections of both the paper and tbe adminiltralion. We 
feel Eisen should use lIIe same formula with tbe Free Triton. ne 
joarnaI represents a lelitimate campus viewpoint wbleb is not 
DOW represented by any of the otber campus media and lhould be 
faded If at aU poulble. 

years beyond tbeir hey-day. getting jobs movmg eqUIpment 
Whew!! justto (in the words of a laborer · 
I'd formulated that intro for Rod Stewart I talked to 

sentence a full week in advance once) "be near the band", were 
of the event mentally compos- all moving things about, and 
ing this script with imagined judging from the epitaths flying 
dialogues, gestures, notation of through the air, to the wrong 

Enough of the appraisal. The 
straight type was the road 
manager, the other a roadie. I 
zeroed in on my kill . The two of 
them had begun to walk away, 
so I quickened my step, but 
clumsily so . One foot tripped 
over the next, causing me to 
almost fall in their path. 

mannerisms and all the other places. 
details that make an interest-
ing story. Little did I expect 
that I would get exactly what I 
was looking for, if not in the 
desired sequence. 

In '87-'68, the Flag, aloDi with 
Jefferson Airplane, Spirit and 
the Dead, was the premier 
American band, trail blazing 
the then alien territories (for 
rock) of blues, jazz , and 
country music, synthesizing 
them into a vital, invigorating, 
eclectic mix . Then , due to 
reasons of herion addiction and 
other nullifying substances that 
tend to freeze creativity and 
relegate all of one's concentra-
tion toward feeling a man sized 
habit, the Flag broke up. The 
music scene was then left up to 
grabs . 

The idea was irresistable. 
Leader and guitarist Mike 
Bloomfield (first American 
musician to be hailed by rock 
critics as a " genius" in the 
wake of Dylan, an indication of 
how cheaply the term is 
diSpensed) hasn't done any-
thing substantial in years , 
making his money primarily 
from writing musical scores for 
porno films shot in San 
Francisco. The man must be 
bitter about the new legion of 
fretboard technoids who ' ve 
outclassed him in every respect 
in recent years. In the depths of 
a caffine bOggled imagination , 
I concocted a few hypothetical 
quotes I wanted to hear pour 
from Bloomfield ' s acerbic 
tongue. " Steve Howe (ofVes) is 
a wimp man, too electronical , 
no soul. When I played with 
Butterfield ... " "Ritchie 
Blackmore (of Deep Purple) is 
a first class creep, a power mad 
asshole. When I played with 
Dylan ... " "Dic.k Wagner's a 
nice guy, but his licks are stale. 
When the Flag played at 
Monterey ... " 

The antiCipation was too 
much. I packed a tape recorder 
with low batteries and ran for a 
bus to to the UC gym, where, 

the band was to 

"Shit head" 'cried an aged, 
grey lined tie dyer , "these 
spotlights go over bere, not 
there. Va want Bloomfield to 
chew me out for blinding him?" 

I assumed the best noncha-
lant cool I · could muster and 
approached a roadie who 
appeared in a position of 
authority, spitting out orders 

Ii~e a drill sergeant drunk on 
his limited power of life and 
death, a closed system Hitler. 
The phrases stuck in my throat 
and had to be forced out, but I 
managed to say who I was and 
what it was I wanted . He 
huffed , unimpressed and 
pointed a stubby finger to two 
men standing in the center of 
the floor . 

" Talk ta him ," he said , "he's 
the band's road manager." He 
walked off and waved his arms 
at some minions in the process 
of screwing up a microphone 
arrangement. Hadn't indicated 
who was who. ' 

One man was short, middle 

" Uhhhhhhhh, excuse me sir, 
could you help me?" I babbled , 
straightening up rapidly , 
pretending I'd been getting 
something out of my shoe . 
Tension. Words trailed out of 
my mouth in an uninflected 
sentence and fell hastily on the 
floor. Fingers of nausea poked 
at my stomach lining. The room 
seemed suddenly very warm, 
and the light shone in my eyes 
like those lamps in the faces of 
thugs in police station inter-
rogation rooms . The two , 
meantime , gawked at me 
suspiciously. I turned to Mr. 
Straight, "Could you help me? 
I'm trying to get an interview 
with members ·of the Electric 
Flag, Mike Bloomfield specifi-
cally, and I was told that I had 
to tal~ .to you about setting it up, 
and ... 

(please turn to page 3) 

Letter to the Editor 
1M coverage limited 
Editor: 

UCSD prides itself on the variety of intramural sports played here, as 
well as the number of students engaged in friendly competition. I agree 
that this full-scale participation is far preferable to the natJonal sports 
mania which encourages only one sport per season. However, the Triton 
Times is somewhat short-sighted. as it only reports on one team activity 
per quarter. 

This quarter many students are playing basketball. Their cleverly 
named teams and tbeir respective standings are regularly reported in the 
TT. There is, however, another sport played in league competition at 
UCSD thi. winter, namely soccer. There are five leagues (or men' teams 
and six leagues for coed teams. Each league is composed of at least five 
teams; each team has at least eight players. A quick check with a pocket 
calculator will reveal that some four hundred and forty students are 
running merrily up and down Muir and Matthews fields , trying to head a 
polka-dotted ball into the yellow-netted goal. 

These games are as quick-moving and exciting as basketball, although 
the scores are not as bigh. The players are as skilled and enthusiastic -as 
those found in any other team sport. Why can't the TT be as open-minded as 
the Recreation Department and report on all the team sporta played at 
UCSD? 

/ 

• 

w ......... ,. FebruIrY 11. 1m 

Letter to the Editor 
Student participation 

Editor: 
I was very disappointed to read 

Mark Stadler's article (1130171) 
concerning student gripes about 
Warren College ' s namlngcere-
mony. The first two "points of 
irritation" seem especially 
ungrounded. 

The fact tha t no students spoke at 
the ceremony is perhaps because 
none expressed any Interest in 
doing 10. If one wishes to see things 
done a certain way, one must let his 
or her ideas and opinionl known. 
Why not contact a staff member 
and offer your services in planning 
such an event, or at leut voice your 
feeling.? Student participation and 
constructive input would be 
welcomed by faculty and .taff. If it 
isn't. it should be; and only be 
students showing interest will more 
student involvement come about. (I 
agree that there should have been 
more student input during the 
process of choosing a name, but the 
ceremony was a different matter. 
Any students who thought they had 
something to add to the dedication 
should have let someone know 
beforehand.) 

If not being "officially invited" 
kept anyone away from the 
evening 's ceremony', they should 
think again. Why should Warren 
Co llege government or AS 
members be singled out to receive 

W~ite W~ales 
alJd 

Otber 
M elQorab ilia 

special invitations above any other 
students? Free tickets were 
available for anyone while they 
lasted and tbis was announced in a 
Triton Times article, Jan. 23 , as 
well as in the Warren College 
newsletter. Even though tickets ran 
out, apparently not everyone used 
theirs, because there were many 
empty seats . 

If we want to see student 
involvement, we , as students. must 
be the ones to provide it! We won't 
be recruited, so it takes a litlle 
personal effort, but it's well worth 
It. 

As for the recent refusal by the AS 
to recognize the Dame of Earl 
Waren College, I find it appalling. I 
had thought that the Associated 
Students government was to be 
receptive to the needs and wishes of 
students , but apparently I was 
mistaken. If there were strong 
objections to the new name. or to 
" the procedures followed in the 
renaming" (TT, Feb. 3) , that the 
AS wanted to do something about, it 
seems that they shouid have taken a 
more constructive action long ago, 
rather than aller the official 
dedication had taken place . I 
question whether this resolution 
proposed by the student welfare 
commissioner will have any 
positive effect on the welfare of this 
campus. 

LAURIE AYERS 

. \. 

by ~lalJ 'Russell 

ACT NOW! 
JOIN 'THE 

KGB 
(SOYIet Intelligence Services) 

1} 
1} 
1} 
1} 

AMAZE YOUR FRIENDSI 
(lear. the hell out of your enemies) 

Just call our MOICOW offlca today, collect, .nd we'ltHndyou 
Informilion on how you CIIn enter our Russi.n spy program 
while we pay for your education at UCSOI And there's absolute-
ly no obligation to enllstl But, if you CllII right now, we'll send 
you, abSOlutely free, graphic footage of a well known running 
dog lackey caplt.lllt (and thus, neceeaarily, underendowed) 
diplomat with one of our undercover (and we mean undercover) 
agent. In the lateat aerI .. of blackmeil films. RUII8I1 of the 
TImet called In "Inlpyred" eroticism, but we see it u IUlt one 
more fun feature of our cruuzy organization. 

I 
.. 

f 

REBELLION, REVOLUTION, ! 
GOOD TIMES f 

v .. , and even more. Cen Y, million comrades in the field be 
wrong? Nyet. Thrill to fomenting rebellion In the weat, be part of 
a lyatem trying to overthrow the United States and midterml, 
knock off lOme enemies for the people. But don't delay. That', 
an order. 

AN EQUAL Spy EMPLOYER 

biton times 

Old rockers ... 
(Continued from page 2) 

Mr. Straight's face became 
very sad. He stepped back a 
foot as Superfreak came to the 
rescue. 

"I'm the manager, man," he 
said, "what can I do for you?" 
Dazed, I repeated the words 
without thinking about them. 
Mr. Straight's jaw sank almost 
as low as his belly, a defeated 
mass of blubber. Suddenly he 
1000ked very familiar. 

It hit me. 
Nick Gravenites! If one was 

hip on their rock history since 
1967 (accomplished by having 
every Rolling Stone ever pub-
lished) the irony, minor as it 
IS, takes focus . Nick Gravenites 
was the Flag's lead singer but 
more than that, he was close as 
a pair of gloves to the rock 
legends of the period , an in and 
c ontributing member of a 
larger than life scene that we 
could only read about. 

When I was a pube (anyone 
between 13 and 17 years old) , 
p imple faced a nd pea c hed 
fuzzed (a lways trying to grow a 
mustache like Dennis Hopper's 
in Easy Rider), Gravenites was 
the epitome of the successful 
hanger on. HeJI sang with , 
drank with and screwed with 
Janis Joplin, gigged around 
Chicago and Greenwich Village 
during the lean days with the 

Paul Butterfield Blues Band, 
wrote songs for Taj Mahal , and 
had managed to get a date on 
seemingly every other album 
made by an American rock 
band . He virtually made a 
lifestyle from being in the right 
place at the right time, and 
from the number of times his 
name was mentioned in record 
reviews, feature stories and 
general news circulated in the 
rock press he seemed the 
archetype rock and roll man. 

But in 1975, seven years after 
his prime, his star faded along 
with memories of him, some 
rock writer who should know 
his stuff mistakes him for the 
most desp ica ble of ro ck 
leeches , the road manager. 
Nick Gravenites!! , the man 
whose been through the oft 
talked about pay-your-dues 
mill several times, mistook for 
a man rootless in rock culture, 
whose primary concern is to 
skim off the top dollar whHe 

P ... 3 

shuffling drug dazed musicians 
from one city to the next. He 
had cause to be sad , even 
angered. Insult to injury. What 
a fuckin ' punk that writer was. 

The irony scarcely bothered 
me. It was amusing to see 
someone you used to be in awe 
of looking every inch of his 
thirty six years . The road 
manager never got back to me, 
probably as a favor to Graveni-
tes in an exercise of long 
distance revenge. Screw those 
burned out cretins. They were 
lost in their own yellowed press 
clippings and hopelessly out of 
touch with reality . Fifteen 
minutes of undelivered put-
downs later, I hid myself under 
some bleachers and waited for 
the show to commence. A 
morbid curiosity made me 
want to see if these guys were 
as frazzeled as I imagined. 

I wasn 't disappointed . So 
much for self-fulfilling 
prophecy. 

PRE-DENTS 
Even the tooth fairy needs help ! 

Get the edge on your competition on the D.A.T. with our 41h 
day D.A.T. Review Seminar. Our students average D.A.T. 
scores of over 6 academic and over 7 p .m .a .t. For 
information on our our seminars for the April D.A.T. call: 
(213) 886-4468, or write: 9801 Balboa Blvd ., Northridge, CaUf. 
91325 . 

INVITES YOU TO OUR 
FIRST ANNUAL 

PRIC~ 
aas 

SAVE UP TO 

50% 
ON STEREO COMPONENTS - HEADPHONES -

CARTRIDGES 
RECORD CLEANING EQUIPMENT 
From Such Quality Manufacturers. - . 

Teac • Rotel e Cerwin Vega e Toshiba • Scott • Technics 
U1traUnear • Shure • ADC • Grado And many others 

NO LOWER PRICES WILL BE FOUND 
ANY WHERE III' 

THRU FEB. 25, 1978 
Come In And Register For Our FREE Drawing 

For A Pair Of Koss 4AAA Head~hones 
Look For Our SHURE Cartridge CliniC Sat. Feb. 25 

481-1451 



RIDAY BIT 
rLICKI 

America's 
Most IWikely Hero. 

"HEIISCHIEL BERNARDI 

fun & Atness 
Aerobic Donee 

free Classes 
Mon. Feb. 20 & Wed. feb. 22 
*£X/W,ielta tuuiM *Sp«iIJJ/y dni6rwdfo, 
with a Imllt tht nolf-dtutCtr 

S].()() fHr cum 
]]6-8777 (call Pam Ki/marlin) 

2 forI S1lndae 
AN ()U) 'ASIIIONtD orrEll! TWO Fo.11IE PIUCE or ONE 

All Super Sundaes!" 
Feb. 16, 1978 Only 
1860 Garnet An., P.cific Beach 

bltan tlnilS w ....... r. ,...., 1 •• '''' 

Wlld.me .. cl ...... 
(Coa&iHed from pap 1) 

by the cl888 members in their aectiona. 
In contraat to the somewbat formal clau 

lecture., the Individual aectiona will be small 
aDd informal - hopefully to Jive studenta a 
chance to di8CUSI iasues with one another and, 
more importantly, to work together as a group 
on a project concerning some specialized 
subject. 

SectiOns usually take Beveral backpacking, 
rock climbinl, canoeing and cross country 
.kiing trips durin& the course of the quarter. The 
only required trip is a five-day excursion into the 
wildemeu, whicb takes place the week after 
spring quarter finals. This trip, .aid Harbinger, 
ia "desiJned" for the clau members to get 
outdoor experience to compliment the academic 
learning." 

"Section members work together in a group, 
and they learn how to cooperate in intense 
situations," said Lynn Harbinger, discussion 
leader and staff organizer. "We want people to 
understand that most environmental problems 
are due to the way we relate - or don't relate -
to each other." 

Tbe class - lectures, readings, discUSSion, 
proj,ecta, trips - demands a lot of time. Stewart 
stressed that it is not just a "Mickey Mouse" 
class, but that "it is an intellectually 
challenging course." 

It also demands' a lot of thought and value 
clarification. Said Thomson, "Each person 
must decide for him/herself what wilderness is 
and what it means to him or her. It's a time to 
think' and define yourself and your relationship 
to society." Subject empbases in sections are quite 

diverse. Wilderness photography, ecological 
problems, the desert, the coastline and the sea, 
mountaineering medicine and first aid, 
overcoming fear, sailing and diving are some of 
the special interest topics to be covered. 

A pre-registration orientation meeting for 
Wilderness and Human Values will be held on 
Thursday, Feb. 23 in USB 2722 at 7 pm. 

Symposium ••• 
(Continued from page 1) 
level" can be practically 
determined. 

When FDA proposed the ban 
on saccharin, many people 
argued that the benefits of 
saccharin as a noncaloric sugar 
substitute outweigh the 
possible risks. The American 
Cancer Society, the American 

Diabetic Association and the 
American Heart Association 
agreed, proving just how 
controversial the saccharin 
ruling is. 

What should become of the 
Delaney clause? Is it needless-
ly restrictive, or does it provide 
the only reasonable means of 
protecting consumers from 
carcinogenic food additives? 

MEN'S WEST HAIR DESIGN 
4688 Convoy (Plaza del Sol) 

Suite 107 560-0585 Call Jor appointment 
HairsayllnC - recul.r 59.50 

52.00 OFF 
with this coupon 

o"et' lood throu!h Feb. 28 
Precision Hairs/yling includes shampoo. cui. condition. blow·dry 

CREATION 
by the Power of the Spoken Word 
Learn to use the fiats of creation which formed the universe. 
Learn the lost art of invocation which was practiced on 

Atlantis and Lemuria. 
Learn thes~ vital techniques for self·mastering and the 

overcommg of every negative condition. 
Unlock the full potential - the energy, intelligence and 

power - of your Real Self. 
Friday, February 17 at 7:00 pm 
Humanities Library Auditorium 

Join us for an evening as we learn and experience together the 
creative and energizing power of the spoken Word. 

Free to All 
For more information call (71.) .s1~534 evenings 

Sponsored by Alpha Omep Alliance 

uc San Diego Un'" .... " Events Office pnsents 

the 
JUILLIARD STRING QUARTET 
All Beethoven Program: ~ 

. Quarrel in Eflat Major. r> ... " ).. Harp" 
Quarret in B flat -0 0 \.J .. ,n Grosse Fuge 

O~ ,V, ..... d.y. 8:30 pm S I V ... cvllle Auditorium L _ ... "enas Sl,~. Gener.1 Admission 57.~ 
UC San DielO Box omce 451-4559 

Congressman James Martin 
(R·N.C.) believes that the 
clause is an inconsistent 
anachronism. Dr. Lijinski 
believes tbat we can well do 
without any less·than·vital 
substance that has been proved 
carcinogenic. 

As consumers we will all be 
affected by any decisions ahout 
the Delaney clause. The 
upcoming symposium will 
provide a forum for informed 
public discussion of this 
important policy issue. Joseph 

, Watson, Provost of Third 
College, will chair the sym· 
posium. 

Dr. Arnold Brown of the 
Mayo Clinic and the University 
of Minnesota Medical School 
will give the first presentation. 
Other principal participants 
will be Dr. Charles Edwards, 
Dr. Michael Shimkin and Dr. 
John Moxley, III. Dr. Edwards, 
former Commissioner of FDA, 
is presently the Medical 
Director of the Scripps Medical 
Institutions in La Jolla. Dr. 
Shimkin has been involved in 
cancer research at many 
institutions and is a professor of 
community medicine and 
oncology at the UCSD School of 
Medicine. Dr. Moxley is the 
Dean of the UCSD School of 
Medicine and the Vice· 
chancellor for Health Sciences. 

. classifieds 
(Continued from page 7) 

lor sala 
• m TO)'OUI Corollll ... pood I_r . • k m ..... Good 
'r .... fIM.4304 or 2tHW (11.51 
Stereo: Car ,Irk: ,Irk _ . cb .... r: revr. 
..... : Ulpes : all cheap. I) ... 41'~ • __ . 
(VI5) 

1m Muda RX·2 ._ m1'" 011 ,.. "" ... Iood 
condltl ...... tlreIucI ... aerymlllt..,U ... __ 
oller tI •• 7 (11151 
II vw CAMPER NEW motor, trani, tires, brakes 
equ,pped lor dis .. nce m_ dependable llSoo 

( Z/l~) 

S8Crtll<e: '73 Capri. V ... tapo deck. tI,_ ml. 
exce .... t condo MUlt .. 1II " ... 1_ oller ..... Iif 
(ViMl 

.m ToyoUi Corona Mark II AM· FM, "door. l7K, 

.railer hltcll . • tilOO. 7115-121. (1/17) 

lost & found 
LOST: SolO/keYlonl/ l • . P ...... blylnTLH. ur ... 
pIeaoe .111 __ . ",..101. 

Goae! 2 po.ten, lI, n •• r •• 11, AP ... SA I I 
IrrepllC'uble r."lr~b v.lu •• bAI rewlrd , .0 

q"~Jtioi1' , Lh hilton (.4121, 11 -1 pm . 
Loot lOt of IIeya In ...... _ 01 HIS I .... ...... , 
p_ caU LouIe w-n41. 
LOIIT: !.iplbl'OWll Ntla C..ral Ubnry,CtIIIJay 
II ..... ,.. or I .... II Trlto. Tim" office, 

Innoun.mlnla 
Wlrr. Col,- S_: If _ ........ Il00. 

lora~Com_""""._""" 
P,.,.,OII OfIke S_1lioa .... _ W,C. W_ 
Ind telepllon. no If ,OU tan ... Ip c .... ct 

AU _ .. Inle_ I. lila Wu..- CIua 
_UlIIon _ .... TIl ....... , Feb U 7 .... USB 
I'm (11171 

w .... ..,. p.."." 1 •• 1171 triton times p ... s 

Rock music mid-term?: Play & win an Elvis a,lbum 
There's anomer Elvis on the music front today, but 
doesn't sing "Suspicious Minds" close his shows 

"Can't Help Falling In Love ." He's Elvis 
It;OIne.'u, an awkward looking 22 year old Englishman 

debut on the music scene includes his My Aim 

M 
Y 

True LP. 

With the release of his LP, Costello has been the 
Isull>Je,ct of a minor media blitz, including inevitable 
1I'",mnIAriIJlOrlll with other established artists, including 

A 
I 
M " 

Bruce Springsteen. But Costello has 
Ire!lpolnde!d in tum. "This innuence stuff is really 

'cos people are always trying to pin you 
to sounding like somebody else." 

if nothing else, Costello doesn't sound like 
musicians. And in the interest of objectivity 

we won't tell you whether or not My Aim Is 
landmark LP. But we'Ulet you find out for 

'vn''' .......... To the fint five winners of the foUowing rock 
id·term, we'll award a copy of Elvis 
ICoste~llo's My Aim Is True. Bring in your answers to 

TT office as soon as your train get's a rollin'. By 
way, we give partial credit. 

. Hoffman b) Sylvester Stallone c) John 
l'I'r'.VI1,ItA d) Ted Nugent 

a) at Boone b) Keith Richard c) Sun Myung Moon 
Ted Nugent 

New wave rock 

It's more than "just noise" 
by G. Argyle Stanislaus 

How to review a concert like 
Ramones/Runaways at SDSU 
Montezuma Hall? A difficult 
question, in itself a testament to 
the validity of such a show. How 
about: 

The scene on the floor was 
urban/sweaty . The rising 
steam provided a medium for 
constant sonic redefinition of 
space by two entirely dedicated 
rock and roll bands . First 
Runaways in sleeky neo· 
leather riding the pathways of 
frustration; coruscating lead 
guitar and double enten/drum, 
Joan Jett .. . gotta get out 
tonight . . wanna be like the 
boys .. . you're too possessive ... 
the crowd 'Iocked together in 
kinetic oneness. Then the New 
Yorky Ramones, black slasb, 
Joey's desperate vocals 
drowned by Dee·Dee's savage 
bass, backed by pumping 
guitar and steady thunder of 
drums ... Rockaway Beach .. . 
Surfer Bird ... Good Boy .. . 
Pinheads' frenzied assault on 
passive Southern California, 
constancy of action and 
purpose in the shifty swirl of 
today's tidal consciousness. Or 
perhaps: 

The drama of 1970s urban 

frustration was played out last is rock and roll just a novelty? 
Wednesday night by Runaways Is the technology that makes it 
and Ramones, two Rock and possible just a novelty? Or is it 
Roll bands from L.A. and New more, this contorted offering, is 
York respectively. Their it perhaps a valid expression, 
themes come from the heart of sans pretension, of an intrinsic 
the youtb cult: disdain for human drive, the id, if you will . 
school, sexual desire, rebellion Did I perceive correctly love 
against what they see as an amidst the chaos, or is this 
overly· cerebral 1978 . The merely eight greedy people out 
bands' desire to express was for monetary gain? 
sincere, and much of the crowd The only argument that I find 
responded in kind, though for intolerable is that this is "just 
most the release was vicarious noise"; it sounds too much like 
rather than involving. The my parents ten years ago. Ir 
music itself was deafening, the one finds this sort of music 
instruments were incredibly , faddish, I can only remind 
loud and nearly indistinguish· him/her that humans are 
able in the melee of sound. faddish creatures, and suggest 
Faddish posturing seemed that he/she take a closer look at 
secondary to the apparent main him/herself. For that , I 
objective of the evening - to believe, is the salient goal of 
have fun. this relentless music: to force 

I suppose the essential people to look a bit closer at 
question for most observers of themselves, and see if they 
New Wave (stupid categoriza· can't find an essential same· 
tion) rock and roll is: is this ness, an identity of spirit, 
merely a novelty? I don't know. underlying all our path~tic r:-._ .. _.-----:-.. _ .. _ .. _.;-,.-.. -.c-'t aUem pts a t individuality . 
J.COMMUNITYi ··IBLOODB~ 
'i i 
:1 983 Indl. ,1 
l 327 F Street 
: I 

~ PAYSDONORS f 
( for Service ' 
( Mon •• Frt. ~I 
( 233·5481 : I) 234.4601 f :..~~., .. ~ •. ~ •. ~_.~ .......... _.6 

SEA OF CORTEZ 
EXPEDITION 

Explore the Midriff Islands of eaja California In the Sea of 
Cortez with Ita myriad of terrestrial and marine life. ~Dey crul .. 
from San Felipe aboard th ..... MonIca. 

HIKINO· EXPLOUnON • DIVINO. FISHINO • 
$350 Includes everything 

MARCH 21 - APRIL 2 
(SprIng YIC8tIon) 

Contact: Dr. Fr.nk Rokop x.770 
2254BB 

3) Wbat Paul McCartney album contained tbe SOD, 
.. Juniors Farm?" 
4) True or Falae: Glen Campbell once toured as a 
member of &he Beacb Boys? 

S) Name a Rolling Stones song recorded by David 
Bowie. 

6) At its peak. Fleetwood Mac's Rumours was selling 

a) 50,000 copies per month b) 25,000 copies per week 
c) 2oo,ooo.copies per month d) 200,000 copies per week 

7) While introducinll tbe band members at 'be 
Concert for Bangladesh, Georgcl Harrison exclaims 
"We've forgotten ..... 

a) Bob Dylan b) Billy Preston c) Elvis Costello d) 
Ted Nugent 

8) Wbich of tbe following bands performed at tbe 
original California Jam? 

a) Earth , Wind & Fire b) Foghat c) 
Tennille d) Grand Funk 
9) Who bills themselves as "tbe 
army?" 

a) Kiss b) Olivia Newton·John c) Charlie 1.14111"''1 
Band d) the Outlaws 

AN EVENING WrTH. .• 

rll' San Die., Poz Theatre 
... .... .",Ji1e .... uaI71. 

I f you want to get into nuclear engineering. start by get· 
ting into the Nuclear Navy. I 

The Navy operates more than half the reactors in 
America. Our nuclear training is the most comprehensive. 
You start by earning your commission as a Navy Officer. 
Then we give you a year of advanced nuclear training. 
During your career, you'll get practical, hands-on experi· 
ence with our nuclear pOwered fleet. 

If that sounds like the kirad of responsibility you're 
looking for, speak to: ' 

JUNIORS/~ENIOAS 
The Navy will pay $840.'month for up to 13 
months of your senior yu, If you can qualify for 
this outsblndlng program. L T John Cttancer will 
be Interviewing for this outstanding program 
Feb. 22-23 on the UCSD campus. Contact your 
placement office for an appointment or call 293-
8444 for more Information. 



SDEC downs spikers 
Utilizing their advantages in size, strength, experience and 

over-all consistency, San Diego Evening College overpowered the 
UCSD Tritons 15-7, 15-1, 15-9, in an intensely fought men's 
volleyball match Friday night at the UCSD gym. 

The Triton's main problem occurred in the initial and latter 
stages of each set as all three games followed a similar format. 
Jumping out to a 6-0 lead, SDEC comfortably lead the Tritons until 
the final point, dominating the first game, 15-7. The second and 
third sets seemed to be carbon copies of each other. SDEC spurted 
to ~ and 5-0 leads, respectively, only to have the Tritons fight 
back the gap to 9-8 in each game. Taking advantage of the tiring 
Tritons, SDEC, behind 5-0 runs in each set, coasted to the match 
victory, winning the final two, 15-8 and 15-9. 

Sutton hun 
Perhaps the Tritons should have known what would be in store 

(or them via a bad omen which occurred in the pre-game 
warmups. Terry Sutton, a vastly improved player, dislocated high 
right knee in a freak accident, thus setting the stage for the match 
to come. 

San Diego Evening College was led by former San Diego State 
All-Americans Mike Floyd, Mark Warner and Kurt Donaldson, 
besides a well rounded team of other talented players. The overall 
strength of these players was the tell-tale factor, as time and time 
again they sent powerful spikes hurling at the Tritons. Bob 
Rhodes, Phil Melese and David Pekin faired well for UCSD. 

Coach disappointed 
Coach Randy Stevenson, himself a former three-time AIl-

American from SDSU, of course was disappointed by the loss, 
citing the "inconsistent play" of the Tritons as the main cause of 
the defeat. He added " we would play well for a few points, and then 
we would slack off again," also noting the fact that the team was 
hurt by the loss of Sutton. 

Tbe Tritons begin league play again Saturday evening against 
Cal State Northridge in the UCSD gym. CSUN is the defending co-
champion of the CCV A but the Tritons are expected to put up a 
tough fight. 

-Gary O'Hara 
. 

Immigration 
Law 

Daniel W. Henry 
il Attorney at Law 

Associated with 
Law Offices of 

Otto F. Swanson 
Los Angeles 

625 Third Aue. 
Chula Vista, CA 
(714) 425-0820 

737 Pearl no. 201 
La Jolla, CA 

(714) 454-9446 
Se Habla Espanol 

F ala Portugues 

blton tines ........... ,. ,..." 11. 1171 • 

1M RATINGS 
DJTTO tops tbe men's 5'10' and under 

intramural basketball ranldn,s devised, 
according to 1M co-director Lee JObDlOD, "by a 
guelt raer who will remain unknown." Ditto 
replaced Iaat week's number one team, the 
Intercourts, because of a bye in the 
Intercourta'scbedule. 

In this week's bate mail to the Triton Times, 
members of the Intercourt squad complained 
that the TT IliIbted them by using the term 
"peewee" when de8cribing Ute 5'10" league. 
Sorry Intercourta, but the ~rm "peewee" has 
been used for several intramural seasons and 
waa in no way intended to offend our little 
friends. 

Tbe ratiDp after week five: 
Mea'iAM 

Abrewang replaced Mojave Green as the top 
billed AAA team by virtue of an 10-36 shelling 
of Sbitown, while the boys from MojaYe were 
baDded their first loss at the hands of Foggy 
Mountain Breakdown 55-51. In Yo' Face 
returned to the rankings as they intimidated 
the Outlaws behind another superlative 
performance by Rod Beard. The Men's AAA 
ratings: 

1) Abrewang (4-0) 
2) Mojave Green (4-1) 
3) In Yo' Face (3-2) 
4) Abusers (3-1) 

Men's AA 
Screaming Eagles remained undefeated and 

the number one team in AA play by downing 
Vice Squad 52-34. Vice Squad had been ranked 
third in last week's poll. Med, composed of 
obviously, members of the UCSD Medical 
School, emerged as the second billed team 
while Whiff made its first appearance in the 
ratings, cruising past Hooterville 66-50 . The 
Men's AA poll : 

1) Screaming Eagles (4-0) 
2) Med (4-0) 
3) Whiff (4-0) 
4) Rosy's Rising Again (4-0) 
5) Sahara Blues (3-l) 

Men's A 
Once again, Glada is the top men's A 

intramural basketball team as they, in the not 
so clever words or the guest rater, • 'came alive 
to beat the DEAD." Inputs Outputs shocked 
Tchichaes 37-35 to take over the third spot in 
the rankings. The Men's A poll: 

1) Glada (5-0) 
2) Scripps (4-0) 
3) Inputs Outputs (4-0) 
4) Gopher (4-0) 

5) Leapin, and Draboa (3-1) 
5'10" aad UDder 

Because the Intercourts had a bye, Ditto 
replaced them as the top 5'10" and under (are 
yoo satiafied Intercourts or would you rather 
have us extoll the virtues of being short 
enough to get into movies passing for 12 yrs. 
old?) team. Coming on strong is MFSB, which 
tanned Sunshine 52-48. The Men's 5'10" and 
under ratings: 

1) Ditto (5-0) 
2) Intercourts (4-0) 
3) Wild East Show (4-0) 
4) MFSB (4-1) 
5) Zoning Still (3-1) 

Coed 
Come Again? handed the Dribbling Fools 

their second loss to repeat as the top team in 
the Coed ratings. Basket Cases went from 
number three to number two with a 35-30 win 
over Gravity. The Coed ratings: 

1) Come Again? (5-0) 
2) Basket Cases (5-0) 
3) Suck Mucks (4-1) 
4) Coed's (4-1) 
5) Fobo (3-2) 

Women 
Go For It drilled Court N' Spark 44-28 to 

remain the top Women's 1M team. Although 
they've won just one game, O-Haus (another 
real clever play on words) stayed in the 
number four position in the ratings . The 
Women's top four: 

1) Go For It (4-0) 
2) Hotshoes (3-1) 
3) Court N' Spark (2-3) 
4) D-Haus (1-3) 

BoUom Five 
Believe it or not...Not Basketball won their 

first game in three years and was dethroned by 
What A Pooper, the victims of Not's victory. 
Two teams from the highly touted Julius 
Erving League, Yellow Rags and Beef By-
Products, occupy spots in the garbage heap of 
1M basketball. Little does the guest rater know 
that the Rags and By-Products have lost their 
games to ranked teams in the Men's AA poll . 
The guest rater must have his head where the 
sun don' t shine. The Bottom Five: 

1) What A Pooper (1-3) 
2) Space Grammarians (1-4) 
3) Yellow Rags (1-3) 
4) Beef By-Products (0-4) 
5) Not Basketball (1-3) 

Morning places 
In All-Comers 

Kevin Morning took fifth 
place in the 100 meter run in his 
first race ever at that distance 
to highlight UCSD competition 
in last Saturday's All-Comers 
Meet at Grossmont College. 
Morning clocked 2: 03.9 in the 
metric half mile in the meet, 
which served as a substitute 
competition for the Tritons. 

Originally, UCSD had plan-
ned on enterin, 25 men in the 
Chapman Invitational but rain 
and poor track conditions 

1. cancelled the meet and Triton 
l' coach Andy Skief opted to enter 

his team in the All-Comers. 
Kim Downs was the only 

other UCSD entrant to place, as 
~ he finished sixth in the two mile 
,

run (9: 31) . 
This weekend, the men's 

track team officially opeU its 
1978 season as they are 

and Chapman in 8 three way I scheduled a,ainst Point Lorna 
- ....... ill betwea two meet this Saturday. UCSD' 

UlliYenity of S- .,.... .-ven to .. t _ • ..".. ill {.~ women's squad wUl send three 
.upt' ........ NI ..... Polk KO'" • poiIata....... , competitors to thia weekend's 

~ to ..... tile Trit_ to •• -.y 73-59 will over'" women's AU-Cal Meet at UC 
..w!las Ton ..... , Santa nall'Dllra. 

w ........ ,. ,...., 11, 1m 

Feet in the "and make footprint . tt classifieds Birkenstock: 
CLASSItU: O litIS 

S"'*M roo.: *,.. , .. _ . 
N ......... ' r.&P: t •. ,.r .... ,.... 
LOI4 ,. r ....... : fl'M , ... flnl Ome rw. 
Ad tltellriH _ : W._. "or Sale. Trav". 

1101IIi.1. S .... ...,. ""'-I . .......... , FONd. 
Vour ad Np)' .... ,ayme •• tae tN> m.iled 

".Uv ..... Io_.I""_m ... wl.oIIo.U ... '" 

Two people need ride to San P'ra,DCiICO ,.ri. Feb. 17 Typinl-experienced rella bl~ . r~uJonlJble IBM 
at 12 or ~ pm. Will abate "drivulI4It_12 or 4.1· Corret..'llng Selectrtc Call anytiqw ~HI27 Mn 
1370 (21 t.. ) Old~ ''' ' III , 
Tu'or needed for math .freshmanl. S3 ool hr Call PR OF ESS 10NA L T H ESIS I M AN USCRI PT 
:-Oi .. 27Hl5t .r,ert:oo pm. 121151 TYPING Experien<ed . !horouably familiar ",th 

travel all fonn'"ylo roqulremenu Ru,hjoboa<ttpted IBM ('orrectlne Selectrl(, II typtwriter Day ~ 
3111 t'v" 56i 2947 16, 91 

Feet in Birken tock footwear do the very 
same thing. 

.% ,... 0li0'''- day 1Itf_ ~._ ... 10 .. _or. BOOK ON CAMPUS ' Europe. H .... iI and New 
Offke ....... 'or ON' tl ........ .,.,...,.."....... Yorll Charter Yllahu CI EE Student Travel Student RESEARCK PAPERS - TIIou .. nds on fllo. 12 r.I 

per pale Ort,lnal r'eM:,arch alto ava'18~ Stnd 
1100 for e.~I ... NATIONAL RESEARCH 1_ 

Wil~h,re no 214 LA to024. 12 131 479~IOM. (3/ 17) 

The Birken t k footbed i heat and pressure 
sen itive. to mold to your foot. and become 
your footprint. 

o walking in Birken tock i a lot like walking 
barefCXJt in the.sand . with one very convenient 
difference. 

lrom 11·3 .. MIU·. ___ oJ C.nt.r 8~3. Open weekday, 12. C.1I 452-0130 

personals 
Baja N.,ul1Il Killory Crui .. in olio 50a of Corl ... , . 
day • . Mlr. " ·Apr 2 _ . Comacl: F. Rokop 22M 
BS .4771 13110' 
Brin, your copiel of Dr Key. boo" (or 
l utoc rap/l.., follo .. in, "'n""t·, talk. USB H22 7 
pm IU I51 

And you Utouaht you knew everythin, about SEX' 
Would you b .... rprillOd 'onilblallend Dr. Key7 pm. 
USB 2622 (2115) 
Tonilhl' Or Key will . peak and ahow .1i0t. on 
. ublimlnal seduction 7 pm US82U2 tickell,1 at the 
door 12/ 151 

Why WSile your I on playbo)'wheDyocan find.lln 
VOlue'" ,he5o .... RoebuckelUllocue. TOIIIIht 7 pm 
111151 

If you'" nOlkillin, yo,,, ... 11 by drinki., liquor why 
do adve.rt . put Quill In their adJ:~ Find out 7 pm 
lUIS) 
Are you aware of the IUblimiDfI adtyou.relubject 
to' Dr. Key ......... lonlllli 7"'" USB aIZZ 121151 

SkI Ar,entlna t his ummer" 'We. a re oreanil in, a 
monlh lona kl lrlp to Areenllna. People familiar 
with couniry \Io' iII make all arrrullemenli and ski 
" ,ttl you Plea~ call 274-1330 eve Philip 12/17. 

Warren Cot"'~ OmnUltion Leader Applleallono 
will be .cce pted until Feb 22 ( t / 22) 
Medical Scholarships $GO Immediate . ~)'ur 
mecilcal lt'hoollCholarJhiPi available 10 eneerinl or 
enrolled mftI.tudenti. Call Navymedir.al&eam 293-
14M (4/' " 

llAMMOTH RENTAL · S" Cha'e. s leep. 10 3 • 
blocks (rom II fU 7 &: t . Try to plan }o our l rip 3 ttl 4 
weeks Qhead minimum SkJin& s hould be great thru 
\la) ("alilloug /714 1 540-5222 or .7W 770-4571 13111 
.\ free aerobic danct d ass Will be held a t the 
In({' rnallonal eenler on Monda~' Feb 20Ih al S 30 
pm. ~e",rlennlsshoesandbnn" a friend Formore 
Inro rmat ion c u ll P a m ~I 226 -1777 (21 20 ) 

"Vol .. ll .. Pe.--l f .. Jooio - HI S_l A tIoy 
la le . It •• J •• I lor Y ••• V •• n .1.1,., Mit". 
The reaululre In rrom the Warren Coll~e '.Second 
Annual Women W.tet .. n. Society mHUn,. The 
moot ... ",lIabie ilSllirlySlopor. 2) Tanla Miunon3) 
Sandrl Kri.toff 4) Lbo Shame") Jane McI.'y~" 
Carrie ROripo",b 7) WHlyn Martln7) Jane M .. d7) 
Jodi. Salaman 10) Callly Trowbridle 101 Lynnttte 
Curtice V.ry honorable mention ION to Jeauene 
Przybly.kl ... Adele Kenyoo. Tbux Ladlel' ISII5) 

"52-4151 .Iw.,. haa an ear wotb bendi,.. (ftlldent 
help linel fl lf$1 

Ca rter Enercy-ener,{eril'" forum Foil. II?:" pm 
Rfvelle Inlormal · Formal LOUD, •• (2/15) 

To SUe . R ....... ry. Di. EI. TJ: ·· And '" the bind of 
IYpiul c.U fri ...... ... ho ..... aIt., •• ~fuUylof their 
rriend with a IUe eo unlike: OMir own and IU .trlDltl 
compieltitiell.-bo have the patience of. IIJn' wben 
I·v. boon don for a IptUII wioh 11 .... re. wholol« 
easier to rind the wonll '0 wIth them well" , More 
than thlnll ... muth love · ".r ( 2 / 15 ) 
i)r. K.y will belle ... on Wed . 1"011. 15. at 7pmin USB 
2Q2. A re<eptlon .nd lutOC"'p/II", .. Ill follow. 
(2115) 

To". Jim InLefHled. Art you .UU· H 10 CIII or 
1 ••• 0 me ..... 46t-M4.I Curl .... ! DAN E . (2111) 

housing 
Roomma te Wa nted for pleasant Cardm house .... Ith 
\ Iew. yard I nd carpet. Non·.moker. temale 
preferred. Split first and II.!It month a rent, after 
tha ' I. per month. Furniture lind pc,", ok. Call 
days · """'9571: eveni",s · .. ".7 Dianne . (2/17) 
Femate roomma .. to share 2 bedroom apt. Cro,," 
P .T. Own room IIn.utlliliot. Non._er __ 
E." 121151 
I or 2 f ..... ,. rm . matA!l _ for oeunr.- 0.1 
Mar .pt, A .. JUibie DOW .... 1 rea .......... 411 ·1141 
(2115) 
F • .,.10 _ to abo ... room: 2 bdrm. _ . 
Miuloollloacil . • . 711'" '10 util . N ........... r. __ 
.v.nlnp 1.117) 

wanted 

Ea rn • • •• bJ.eu n.ed.d for p.ycholollell 
• • periment In La Jolla . Mea zr.~. Plo_ coli W · 
47:10 121M) 

16111) 
services 

Editin" proofre.d in • • ruelrch , rewrit~ . 
Pro/_I"""I uperlence R •• lOOIIblo rat ... Mary. 
4»-1M01 1211$) 

EARN Pl/ huodred addreall1l.nvolopeoot home' 
8e,innert IlIlt II. Moore! Box 4121 La Jolla t2037. 
121 11) 
Proreilional Typ i". Reuonabl" Ratel , IBM 
Correctin. Selectric, Experienced, Relia ble Call 

' Gall .. 1·754G. 

You can walk in Birken tock all year long. 
Rro'eilional Typin • • Reilona tJl e Rates UiM 
Correctinl Selectric. Call ror Free Estimate Gail 
411 ·7540 161t) 
TYPING - Marilyn would Uileto fulfill your typinl 
needI - expert, re~50nab", has 18M. CIil1l27O-t731 
(2m) 

NEED A TYPIST? Reasonable rate, SPEEDY 
SERVICE. IBM self-correcll n, Kathie 27e·9299 
arter 12 ' 00 noon. (3117) 
Typln.· .. llcorrecu., IBM aelectrie lA!rm papers. 
thHH. et~ experienced 452· 1581 e\'enlna: • . 'lilt) 
'rVPING! IBM Selectric lerm pope .... lho_. PI.D. 
dl .. e ... a,lons, editin" . RIlSH JOBS · 4SS-Ol56. 510-
.tTI. ZI~"UII. oW·I'" Jelt) 

KELLO . DOLLY 
TYPING SERVICE 

Tenn papers. diuertatJoRl. lheIeI. reaume • . Self· 
cornetl., IBM MI""lrie. You' lI lib my Ii'u .... 
Co )] Dolly at 453 ·.,10 M· .' . 10 · • . 12 / U I 

TUNE·UFf" Dean Will tune your car (or 114 or leu 
plus palU. anywhere on campul. Ca ll him al .53-
1217, Mondaythu r Thunday. 7 IOpm. or anytime • 
ytars experience 

LEA RN SPANISII 
If you really wanl to team Spani,bquickJy. fluently 
a nd correctly , and It you have the CQUrllt and 
.lam ina ror intensive and diJclpbned Mudy, come 
(or at least one month to Cuema vaca Lan,lUII' 
School. Fint month UOO Followtn,lour wHksCOO. 
Private tutor available all.UO for 5It hours. Detail • . 
APOe ..... ( u~rnavlca . Me,. ,co (1116) 

(Classifieds continued on 
Pile 8) 

10% Stadent Di.couat 
1111 Proepect •• t HcnclM. 

u JoB., CA 92e37 
454-7517 

OVER $650 A MONTH 
RlGlII YOUR 

. If y~u're a junior or a senior majoring in math, physics or 
engIneering, the Navy has a program you should know about. 

I t's called the Nuclear Propulsion Officer Candidate-
Collegiate Program (NUPOC-C for short) and if you qualify, 
yo~ can earn as much as $650 a month right through your 
seruor year. Then after 16 weeks of Officer Candidate School 
you'll 'receive an additional year of advanced technical ' 
education. This would cost you thousands in a civilian school 
but in the Navy, we pay you. And at the end of the year of ' 
training, you'll receive a $~,OOO cash bonus. 

It isn't easy. There are fewer than 400 openings and only 
one of every six applicants will be selected. But if you make 
it, you'll ha,,:e qualified for an elite engineering training 

progr~. With unequaled hands-on responsibility, a $24,000 
~arr m f~ur years, and gilt-edged qualifications for jobs 
In pnvate Industry should you decide to leave the Navy 
later. (But we don't think you'll want to.) 

Ask your placement officer to set up an interview with a 
N~vy representative when he visits the campus on February 21-23, 
or contact your Navy representative at 7 I 4-2.93-6444 (collect). 
If you prefer, send your resume to the Navy Nuclear Officer 
Program, Code 312-B468, 4015 Wilson Blvd., Arlington, 
.Va. 22203, and a Navy representative will contact you directly. 
The ~l!POC-Coll~giate Program. It can do more than help 
you flrushcollege: It can lead to an exciting career opportunity. 

NAVY OFFICER. 
IT'S NOT JUST A JOB, IT'S AN ADVENTURE. 

• 



Attention Men!!! 
SALE 

ow in Progress at 

~ 4'~ I/~ ~. I", 
.-: ~ ~/~ 

5887 Untvenlty AYe •• . 
(nxt. door to the Cinerama The ..... ) 

Phone 2I7-11tsO 
H,.: Mon-Frt: 10-1 s.t: 10-8 Sun: 12·5 

bllDn times 
D •• Mar bu •••••• 
(CondDuecI frOm pale 1) 
common need." Student 
ol'lanizatioDl, local bu.ina.es 
and senior citizen group' would 
belp to circulate petitions. 
Hodskins believes it will take 
"1000 sipatures and then tbey 
(city council) willliateQ." 

Del Mar does not come under 
tbe jurisdiction of either the 
North County or the San Diego 
Transit District. Any bus 
services provided by these 
companies must be subsidized 
by the city. 

City Manager J. Wayne 
Demetz indicates tbat the City 
Council has agreed to provide 
$32,800 during fiscal year 1977-
78 for the current five day a 
week stops and transfer to 
North County. He estimates 
that weekend service would 
cost $9400, less the fares which 
are collected in tbe city. 

San Diego Transit reports 
that 11,730 passengers bave 
boarded or gotten off the bus in 
Del Mar during 1977. "I believe 
the ridership in itself indicates 
support for expanded route 
times," said Sindler. 

The city will negotiate a new 
contract with the bus com-

paDies for .' lly 1. . 
AS Pre, .dent Jeff Leifer 

foresees a ·'two levelltrate8Y 
that eatabUabel a core II'OUP to 
do tbe petition field work 
amoDl the faculty, .tudenta 
and .taff woo live in Del Mar. I 
bope AS External Affairs and 
tbe Student Lobby Annex would 
then prepare letters and 
testimony for the city council." 

Associate Chemistry Profes-
sor John Weare, former Del 
Mar Mayor and current council 
member, strongly supports the 
concept of the I'Jgbt bus. He 
called the current situation 
"immoral not to have to safe 
way home fof students at 
night." 

Speaking for himself and not 

. CIA ad rally ••. 
(ConUnued from page 1) 

..... ,.,. ,..., 1" 1171 

for the council, be remains 
uncertain about the demaDel for 
weekend aervice. Wea re 
explalDed that Del Mar baa to 
"pick up the extra COIl per 
mile" not covered by fares. 

"It's not a question of having 
extra money layilll around, it is 
always one program judged 
against the other." Weare 
mentioned road iJ1ll)rovements 
as an example of where the 

,money milbt go if weekend 
service is not started. 

Weare encouraged students 
to contact the city council. He 
thinks tbe most effective input 
will be for "a lot of people to 
show up" when the council 
makes it decision. 

significant that the CIA is using UCSD to make its 
reappearance on college campuses." 

New Indicator staff member David Pickett said that with the 
appearance of the CIA ad in the Triton Times, the issue has been 
"placed in a different mode - that offreedom ofthe press. Does 
the TT have the freedom to run anything or do anything they 
want? This fundamentally, though not consciously, draws the 
issue away from its real significance - that the CIA is 
recruiting on our campus." 

Grand Opening 
March 4 

Pickett said the TT editorial 
board gave two reasons for 
printing the CIA ad - a desire 
not to censor tbe ad and to allow 
freedom of information. He 
caHed both those reason "gross 
myths. I don't believe tbe TT is 
made up of bad individuals out 
to promote the CIA, but they 
are limited by a certain 
structural mechanism. 

"There's just a lot of 
information that will never get 
into the TT - not because the 
staff members don't want it to 
appear - but because it's 
impossible to fit it all into the 
limited space available , " 
Pickett said. Information that 
isn't part of the business 
mechanism "that channels 
information into the TT" will 
never get into the paper , 
Pickett said. 

Wilderness Outfitters 
2670 Via de la Valle 
Suite A-210 

- Rentals - Sales - Service -
Off 1-5 at the Del Mar racetrack exit, 

Via de la Valle, East to the Flower Hili Shopping Center. 
Phone: 481-SKIS 

Referring to the statement in 
the TT editorial about the 
offensive quality of the ad 
(Triton Times, Feb. 6) , Pickett 
said, "Maybe we can' use this 
rally to explain to the TT that 
we find the CIA offensive." 
Pickett also referred to last 
year's student referendum, at 
which over 1300 students voted 
to have UC disclose and sever 
all ties with the CIA. 

After the rally, Triton Times 
editor Alan Russell said, "I 
think they presented their 
viewpoint in a dignified and 
informative manner ... 1 still 
think the majority of students 
would rather have the right to 
choose, in relation to the CIA 
ad." 

Several other California 
university student newspaperS 
have also printed the CIA ad, 
including the UCLA Dally 

. Bruin, the Stanford Daily and 
the San Diego State Dally 
Aztec. According to represen-
tatives of those papers 
contacted by the Triton Times, 
none of them received any 
reaction or feedback from the 
ad. 

Attend 
Regents 
meeting 

Come to the UC Relents 
hearinl on alricultural 
mechanization! Learn bow the 
Regents are .pendinl our 
money to initiate tbe l'elearcb 
and development of farm 
machinery and bow tbi. is 
burtiq you tbe consumer and 
taxpayer and II co.t.iDI the 
farmworker. their Job •. Be 
part of tbe UCSD deleealion to 
help crush the Re,enu' efforts 
to mechanize farm labor. For 
more info call 453-... The 
bearilll is Thunday at 1: • pm . 
at the LA Convention Center. 


