
,...2 , I 
n 

Hun a good job 
Howard Haa' was called UPOD a& a difficult lime to assume a 

dlllle,'" poe&. 
nII1eeII moa'" aao Hu' .=~~baacellor McElroy &0 &lib over &lie )JOIIdH as V of S&aden' Allain, 

vee.1ed by &lie aIInp& depar1IIre of Georte Murpity. 
Hu" * ........ ia from ........ , .. &lie CliairmaD of &lie Pbysical 

Edtlea&loa Depar1Iaeel, faced • S&IIdeII, Allain office tII.,.as m 
...... paIr bo&Ia fIaaDdaIIy aDd ......... &loDaIIy. 

To H .. ,'s credil, ShIdeat Allain ... pat oa aD eva keel 0Dee 
...... no. ... =., ftn& to "tee, &rut" wItb &lie Ret Fee 
CommIttee 6y I over f101,. prevIouIy eannarked for 
.. vlap, Hu', ia comia. to a beUer udel'lWldln. 01 tile Job, 
es&abIisIIed • &nisi and rapport wltII tile stade., memben of tile 
eommittee. 

Tills &nIs' was also evidenced in Iar.e part &0 aU .'udents wbo 
bad dealiDp witll Hun'. Tile former Vice-cbaneellor of SlUdent 
Affaln, DOW replaeed by Rieban! Armitage, deserves kudos for a 
dimcuU job well done. 

Letters to the editor 
Are we ready for this? 

By midnight last night, those of us in the working press could ( .y 
forecast the results of the election from the data posted on the big boo J 10 
political headquarters at the EI Cortez HoteL We had listened to Pete 
Wilson throw in the towel- .and explain how he could make Proposition 13 
work. We had watched Jerry Brown tell us via the tube that he was finally 
convinced that the voters were serious. He was going to do something 
about those high property taxes. He was glad the voters of California had 
brought the isllue to his attention. He was going to focus his considerable 
managerial expertise on the problem of implementing Prop 13. He was 
goin' to make to perform. We were not to believe all that garbage about the 
economic chaos that the Jarvis-Gann Inititive would create, because we 
were in good hands. 

Are you ready for that? 
Remember who those people are? These are the folks that projected 

civll disaster on a saturation basis over the past weekend. The schools 
were going to close! The firemen and the police were going to hang it up, 
We were teetering on the hairy edge of the stone age. 

~ know, there is just a bare chance that we misunderstood our 
esteemed representatives. We thought they were recommending tha~ we 
not vote for Proposition 13. Obviously, we must have dozed off sometime 
during the campaign because all the former opponents have disappeared, 
All that remains is a group of experts that plans to run the state of 
California on a sharply reduced budget, "To show the rest of the nation how 
efficiently a large government can be operated," 

You can almost write the script for the upcoming presidential campaign. 
Zooming in on a close-up of California's governor, we bear him saying, 
" ... so we re-arranged tbe priorities , putting the security of personal 
property high on the list - and backing off on services, Now,let me ; 'low 
you all how I can apply the lessons learned in implementing Propositi. i 13 
in California, to the national scene ... " 

You can't help feelin' sorry Cor all those high-powered economists 10 
lined up behind the poliUcians to explain the evils of the J <;. is 
amendment and define the scope of its adverse impact. They mu~ 'e 
lonely, nowtbat the politicians have gone, Must be a little like being leL 1t 
the church. 

One of the educators on the scene, there in the El Cortez, was wagging his 
head in despair. 

"We'll have to terminate the summer program planned for several 
neighborhood scbools." 

"What courses will have to go?" I asked. 
" Probably both the belly dancing and the water color painting." 
" Now that is a damned shame," I said. 

SAM BEEDLE 

, Thanks to those who helppd 
Editor: 

During the past nine years participation in intramural sports has gr" ,yn 
nearly tenCold while tbe campus population has not quite doubled. 

There are many reasons Cor this growth and success. One was the 
continued support Crom the Triton Times; another was the willingness oC 
the participants to attempt new games and activities. However, the m. Jt 
important reason was the students who have directly worked with the ' 
program, People like Mark Aumann, Kirk Robinson, Rick Petherbridge, 
Scott Harkness. Yasb Nyznyk. Charlie Mann and Mitch Kobara , to name just a few , have put an enomous amount oC time and effort into intramural 
sports. ' 

I am leaving UCSD to accept a position in pri vate industry and would like 
to take this opportunity to thank the many students who helped to make 
tbese past years pleasurable and who helped to make the program what it 
is today. I wish you and intra murals the best of luck. 

Alan Russell 
Edllor 

Mark Stalller Ran Anbar 

l$E JOHNSON 

Staff Writ .... 
Jill Bazeley 

triton times 

.. ~~.~ 
.... . --

CommentarY-

.,;- ~ - - ..... 
~ 
o-'=-- --~ ' 

'-

Triton Times Editor Alan Russell 
tells it like it is - one last time 

by Alan Russell 
Editor 

Call me editor, 
Say it quickly, for as you whisper the word the 
ap~lation vanishes, my job, my responsibility, 
fimshed. 

With mixed feelings I face this end, knowing 
there have been times, countless the number 
seemed yesterday, not enough in tomorrow' s 
retrospect, when I wish the title had been 
bestowed on another, 

But now such thoughts are moot , past 
pressures and joys memories to reminisce ov~r, 
their collage-like presence of 10 months floodmg 
my mind at this moment like a Joycean stream 
of consciousness noveL Yes, everything's there 
- the deadlines, the threatened lawsuits, the 
stories, the financial sword of Damacles that 
constantly hung over our heads, the 
disappointments and the thrills, and the tales, 
oh, the tales. If I started to tell you about the 4: 30 
mornings at the printers, then I'd have to infonn 
you about the ... 

But I'll save you from any tales, Which leaves 
us where? Perhaps at an opened and closed 
statement: the Triton Times is a college 
newspaper. Sometimes people believe it should 
be something more, sometimes they claim it's 
something less, but the fact is that few people 
understand it. Take for example Phil Isaac's 
distorted and simplified editorial that graeed 
the front page of Monday's ASUCSD Bulletia. In 
essence, Isaac managed to put all the blame of 
UCSD's "deadness" on the Triton Times. 

U,nderstandably, Isaac is at odds with the 
Triton Times, As a one-time staff writer for the 
paper, he has attempted, more than once, to 
gam an editor's post, but has always been 
repulsed by an Executive Board which judged 
him " not qualified," In the same manner I must 
now reject Isaac's dogmatic verdict, and in 
doing so will try to clarify some common 
misconceptions that people hold concerning the 
paper. 

Black and white J)roof, 89 issues worth, stand 
up finnly to Isaac's biased remarks. Roughly 40 
concerned students have worked day in and day 
out in the context and on the content of the paper 
to inform, enlighten and generate concern and 
involvement over campus affairs. We have gone 
out and done, rather than feebly pointing to the 
student government, to the administration, to 
the penneating apathy on campus and in the 
country, or to any other current catchword that 
attends to why things remain 'as they are. 

No, the Triton Times has not rolled over and 
played dead . If we had pursued such a course, 
countless fewer headaches would have been 
ours . Crippling worries would hav~ been 
alleviated. And the entire campus would have 
lost out. 

You see, we burned our bridges behind us s~ 
that we mIght put out a better newspaper. We 
stand not subservient to the funding the AS or 
the Administration might give us so that we can 
call the shots in such a manner as to not be afraid 
of stepping on toes. Our editorials have 
ostracized, and will continue to ostracize, those 
groups or institutions we feel should be taken to 
task. This is a free press in every sense of the 
word - free in that it costs you the students 
nothing, and free in that we are not beholding to 
some constricting ideology, or various stands 
that are forced because "they look right. " 

In fact, it is not erroneous to say that the 
Triton times is the best thing ~oing for this 
campus - not by a long shot. Because of our 
initiative, no student money is spent on the 
paper, Advertisem e nts pay for everything 
(excluding the $7500 in Opportunity Funds 
which pays for the "What's On" calendar every , 
Monday) , Unlike the ASUCSD BulledD (which 
cost &be studeDts $4500 this year for six issues 
of unchecked government rhetoric), and other 
campus media whose monetary expenses are 
even more, the Triton Times goes, by choice, the 
hard road alone, and inherent in such a situation 
is a set of responsibilities and worries. 

Three years ago the paper received $25,000 in 
Reg Fee fundiDi (and two years ago $23,500). 
Making up that kind of cash flow has naturally 
been difficult , with stringent measures 
necessary. Matters reached such a critical 
stage in the recent past that one onlf has to look 
back to last October to hear assIstant Vice-
chancellor of Student Affairs Tom Perego-
Brown express his opinion that he thou-,ht it 
"would be the last quarter for the Triton 
Times." 

Despite this, emphasis has been placed on 
continual improvement of the paper (now in its 
eleventh year of publication). Sometimes the 
transitions have been difficult, as evidenced this 
year by our doing all the paper' s la)'out on 
campus, but our efforts have not dimimshed as 
we try to make the Triton Times an even better 
newspaper, 

Not that we will ever be out to win a P9Pularity 
contest. Our goal of objective reporting of the 
naws will always leave us with detractors, those 
who feel "if' you' re not with us, you' re against 
us." But nonetheless, three times a week, 30 
weeD a year we, a student organization , 
provide a product for public inspection . 
Criticism of such is easy, any fool being able to 
provide that capacity, but our doors are always 
open for those who can help - not just talk. 

The pay won ' t make you rich, but the 
experiences might. If you have some writing 
talent, or overall desire, the paper, and thus the 
school, could use you . I could relate all of the 

(Please tUrD &0 pale 2) 

The gay .rights 
movement: it 
affects us all 

Photogr..,., .... Editor: 
Frank Guuardo 

Senior Editor M8n-o!ng Editor Joaquin Behindu Stan Honda 
We wish to expreSs our thanks and deep respect to Lucia Botennana for 

her courageous and sensitive letter to the Triton Times (Wednesday, June 
7) concerning the controversial Issue of gay rI,hts. One or the major 
failures of the Gay Liberation movement in thll country hal been it's 
apparent inability to elicit Itrong support from the heterolexual 
community In its struole for equal ri,hts. MI,lJotermana' letter glv .. UI 
hope. As she has so acutely perceived, the Itruole of ,ay people for equal 
rights affects not!IY gay people, but aU people. Lieutenant Governor 
MervlD Uymally al CleQ to thIS 10 hIS recent V1Slt to UU;U, stress In, the 
historical pbf!ftOn non that once the human and civil rights of one 
oppressed minorit)! are denied, the loss of thole same rigbla of other 

L~ RiC'lter Cindy Heffron 
Edllor Aalllt8n1 MIIrwglng Editor 

" ~~IPert Kitty Robinson A •• ,_ ..... EdItof' Copy EdItor 
, . 

f.' 
'. I . ~ • .stoI< .. Tim aMle 

~"ldttOr A ....... "'M~ 
"", 

Ken Beaumonde 
Ted Burke 
John Hondr'os 
Karen Hunfer 
Eric Jaye 

Debbie Schwartz 
MIkel Toombs 

... t,lIto,. 

Jody Eurman 
Cha rles O'Sullivan 
Stephen Skubinna 

Productlqn 
Denise Peek 
Judy Walton 
Paul Watry 

OffIce M..,ager 
Lynn Staffa 

Ad Sa ... Rep 
Harry Tolen 

DIstributor' 
Tim Karns 

minorities follow r~pidIY. . 
As MI. Botel'l11a~hal shOwn one doel not have to be ,ay to be concerned 

with the pfOt)Jems t numan ngnu, ana aware of tile conlequencea that 
inevitably follow If ey are denied, We would like to add our voice to hers 
of the necessity for ncern of the general public about the Brlos Initiative 
and other human rl"ts issues. The opprellSion of gay rights I. symbolic of 
the oppreSSion of lIuman rights in our society - rights which we are 
guaranteed in the Constitution, It affects all our future. , and we are all 
equally responsible for the outcome. 

UCSD GAY STUDENTS ASSOCIATION 

,.....,. ,,-,,'171 
Opinion 
Thoughts 
from an 
alumni-to-be 
Editor: 

As a iraduaUn, senior, it would 
not be realistic for me to paint a 
colorful picture depictini only the 
positive sides of our education at 
UCSD . Thoufh tbe ,raduation 
speeches tb s June may say 
otherwise, the university Is not a 
place where sagacious unicorns 
prance about 1n educational 
gardens where flowers never fade. 
It would be, however, equally as 
unfair to only spout off a litany of 
negativisms germaine to this 
institution. At hest, what I can 
describe is my own impression of 
what has happened and what 
foreseeably can happen after this 
year's graduating class turns in its 
caps and gowns that will cost them 
seven bucks each. Each graduate 
has 'his or her own version, I'm 
sure. 

For many of us, graduation is a 
time of relief. Requirements have 
been fulfilled , work has been 
completed, add/drop cards no 
longer concern us, and we can 
foriet our computer coded stUdent 
ID numbers (U0426553I, well 
almost). We will be confronted 
howeve' r , with familiar petty 
tyrannies through graduate school, 
law school, med school, Horton 
plaza, or whatever road we choose. 
We will move from one burea-
ucracy to the next where someone 
will take us for granted, if we let 
them. 

On the other hand, we have met 
people who will be our life-long 
friends , we bave encountered 
situations that have made us 
reassess who we are and who we 
sho uld be, and we have been 
exposed to knowledge of diverse 
disciplines that mayor may not be 
used in our futures , depending on 
our ow n inclinations . And not 
su rprisingly, this knowledge has 
often created more questions than 
answers . 

At UCSD such exposure has been 
good, yet hardly adequate. It could 
be a hell of a lot better. Speci{jc 
9areers in the sciences , in 
medicine and in law are well-
tended to here for those who wish to 
pursue such careers. As such, the 
sacred Ame ri ca n bastion of 
individualism is fed and nutured. 
F.or if we must tend solely to the 
construction of our own personal 
empires. namely our careers, the 
tenements of others will muster 
little concern in our daily priorities. 

What this points to is that UCSD 
lacks personal development within 
a social context. If our registrar 

was inflltrated by Cubans posing as 
maintenance men who ruthlessly 
shredded our transcripts , what 
would our identity be? Could we 
point to anything concrete that 
resulted from our stay at the 
University of Concrete, San Diego? 
A few could. Most could not. Most 
would not even bother asking the 
question. In effect, most of us who 
have done our time in a "socially 
acceptable institutign" will go on to 
another "socially acceptable 
institution " filli ng slots as 
transitory beings with unquestion-
ing attitudes . As such , our 
awareness will remain confined to 
ourselves, if we let it. 

Institutions like UCSD form role 
models for future generations. Yet 
UCSD apparently doesn 't want to 
develop future teachers as it has 
refused tenure to effectiv·e 
educators, preferring to grant it to 
researchers. Recent examples can 
be Cound in socio logy, Ilolitica I 
science and communicatIOns. We 
learn from our friends better than 
we do from "superiors", yet we are 
lOSing friends in the Caculty. And 
funny how those leaving all seem to 
share a feeling of responsibility 
that extends beyond the research 
and development of their own 
Mercedes benzene. 

In a world that is becoming 

IritDn times 

Mark Stadler 
Activist spirit lives 
Four years is the length of one presidential term. It is the 

amount of time the United States was involved in World War II, 
and the approximate age at which a child gains enough knowledge 
of himself to become self-centered. 

Four years is how long it' s supposed to' take to graduate from 
college ,with a bacnelor's degree, It's also about how long it takes 
for new trends to take root and develop. 

When I started going to UCSD in fall , 1974, there were no 
fraternities or sororities here , There wasn't any growing 
movement dedicated to improving the " quality of life" here, 
whatever that may be. There were no spirit nights, 

In the past school year, a new trend has become apparent, a 
trend concerned with social life issues, rather than with 
social/political issues. 

To begin with, UCSD's lone fraternity , EAB, was joined by 
several more frats , and also sororities, These new groups were 
quite unabashed as they made their premier appearances, 
advertising fellowship , friendship and memberships rushes -
qualities one might have thought almost nonexistent here, 

Then came Spirit Nights, One and Two. Some Muir dorm 
residents decided the basketball team had labored in relative 
solitude for long enough and selected a specific night to descend on 
the gym in large numbers to cheer on the Tritons, 

Spirit Night was a large success, as the team won and everyone 
had a good time. A second Spirit Night was held, but it seemed a 
little more forced than the first. 

increasingly interdependent, we Sp~ing ,quarte~ brought t.~e AS. electi0!ls ,~l'!d two presidential 
cannot afford to make the same candIdaCIes dedICated to quahty of life Issues. One of the 
mistakes as our predece sors. Our candidates, Gary Moser, almost won the election by promising to 
fate C!ln be as easily decided as the make the social life here better. Moser's themes were echoed by 

pres~lI~g or ~ button, yet our own many other office-seekers passIvity remforces the chances . 
that history ' s mistakes will 
reoccur. Accordingly, one doesn 't 
become socially aware by dodging Yet the biggest change - the strongest indication of a change in 
the cataracs in cadillacs on the attitude - came quite recently with the advent of UCSD's Social 
streets of La Jolla. . Club. The major service offered by the Social Club is a dating 

I do n~t wl!nt to see a generat.lOn service for unfortunate souls who can't find companionship - or graduatmg mto lazy bOy chairs, '. . 
holding up a Budweiser and whatever- Without the aId of a computer. . 
burping the banalities oC suburban All these changes would probably surprise an observer who was 
existence, Our po~ential is much suddenly moved in time from 1974 to the present. Certainly, such 

gr~ater than .thls - o~ly our things as sororities and social clubs wouldn't have stood a chance 
attitudes can direct our lives and . , 
subsequently the lives of others, 10 the atmosphere of four or five years ago - much less 10 years 
Potential, like learning, often can ago. 
only be achieved by taking risks. Yet, along with the trend toward social life involvement and 
Consequently, w,: should search concern the concern with social/political issues has continued at beyond the mopnngs of unquest- '. . . . 
ioned " security" thataremiredin a UCSD to th1s day. In fact , 1t might even be stronger now than 10 
sea of social stagnation. recent years past. 

Perhaps we should look first at After all it Was this year that veritallle hordes of tudents turned 
ourselves, for most of our lives we out to prot~st fund cutbacks for the Day Care Center. Twenty-one have been asked, "What do you . . 
want to be when you grow up?" students were Willing to be arrested to support the center. 
Much too often this has me~nt Tn addition, students continue to show ('oncern for such issues as 
happiness canned in a future event, tenure , health services , CIA recruItment tactics and UC 
which has increasingly been tied to investments. 
material we.1 Care. A comfortable Clearly, we have two trends going on at once here - one r.ew, one 
home, car, Job, etc. Rather than t " b th .. tl 't d' t' lookng at what we want to be, we con lOumg, 0 progressmg 10 apparen y OppOSI e Irec IOns. 
should first look at who we are. 

RON BEE 

Tenure meeting information 
appreciated but -incomplete . 
Editor: . Sac.ramento to refule our. earlier important to no te that these 

But are the directions so opposite? Both trends have a common 
denominator: they both stem from an activist attitude. 

Both the social life and socia\!political activist wants to change 
the world, to make it better. They &imply have different ideas 
about what's important, about what needs to be changed. 

You might say the social/political activist has a wider scope of 
interest. After all, he cares abut national and international events, 
while h'is social life counterpart is more concerned with things that 
directly affect him, like food and entertainment. We appreclat~ your ,announ~e- testimony. However, they aid not, bearings are not only about tenure. 

ment of the Leglslat~re s declsl~n ~nd Vaconcello's committee is still but also abon t promotions and 
. to have tenure hearmgs here thiS !ntending to hold hearings at UCSD general university procedures. 

~all. Howe.ver , there was .some In the fall. After our testimony THE COMMITTEE FOR 
!nrormatJ{~n that was either before the Senate Subcommittee. QUALITY EDUCATION 
Inco,rrl"ct or rncomplete. • they too decided to hold similar 

Firs tly , the " several -UCS D hearings, or, to join the Assembly 
students" were representatives oC hearings. 
the Co mmittee Cor Quality 
Education, which is a group oC over 

. 100 students. We were invited to 
testify before the Ways and Means 
Subcom~ittee op Post Secondary 
Education c h a ired by John 
Vasconcellos. This testimony tooK 
place May 24 , 1978. 

We were then invited to testify 
before the members of the Senate 
Finance Subcommittee, chaired by 
Walter W. Stiern. Paul Saltman, 
Joe Watson and Tom Hull were in 

Representatives of this commit-
tee will be attending the Board of 
Regents meeting in Los Angeles on 
June 15 and 16. We have also been 
invited to the Ad Hoc Committee on 
Postsecondary Education Special 
Meeting on June 24th, 

Our committee will be working 
over the summer, and is attempting 
to contact any and all persons who 
would be willing to help us , or would 
like to testify themselves. It is 

UCSD has model PE program 
Editor: 

A recent article in the TT (May 
31) reported on a conflict within the 
PE Department about the present 
intercollegiate sports program at 
UCSD. The statements of some of 
the coaches interviewed seemed to 
indicate that the best course for 
athletics at UCSD would be to tum 
intercollegiate sports here Into a 
s pect ator program in which 
students would he "I nvolved" 
mainly as spectators, rather than 
as participants. 

too, feel that we can " look to the Ivy 
League schools as a model" - a 
model to be avoided. UCSD already 
haa a model program. and we would 
like to support those members of 
the PE Department makin, an 
effort to maintain an intercollegi-
ate pro,ram which aids and 
encouraies students who are also 
athletes, and not just athletes who 
happen to be students. 

RENEE RICHE1TS. badmJn&oa 
SANDY CLEGG, fOftball, badmlnl. 

Aside from that, they really don ' t really differ that much. They 
are both confident, optimistic persons who think they can make 
things change, 

Typical college students. 

It Is unfortunate that we cannot 
all be super-jock players of the " BI, 
Three" sports. We can, however, 
all he active partiCipants In the 
program a. it currently exists, We, 

JAMES MITAO, badmln&oa 
CONNIE PARKER, I'1Im. fOflball 
waaerpolo. bubtb.~vo1leyb" lootb 

AMY Mr;RRIT soecer 
DEBRA L. PENDARRIS, vb: fOftb. 

PAULINE BREEDEN, teDnls. 
Intercollellate Iwlmmln" .. mnl 

"IT APPfA.s -mAT Ti-l[ CUB NS MAY Sf. \ J\VI.cV£D I 
AndeAN MOff ,1[ T' VEe T ANOTHE.R 



llrou'bout Texas and other ~rts of the United States, American rpora-tion a ha v ~ been 
busily showjn, their~ res to 
buyers from what pro iaes to 
be a profitable new . nology 
market - China. 

Lured by US exp,rtiae in 
petroleum development and 
related induatriea, the poten-
tially oU-rlch Chinese have 
unleashed what one well-
informed busine .. source 
termed "a major buying 
spree " of US petroleum 
technology and equipment. The 
sophisticated US technology -
much of which is available 
nowhere else - will playa key 
role in helping China achieve its 

In addition, McDonnell 
DouIlu aircraft has represen-
tatives in Pekinl now, and 
Lockheed representatives are 
1011111000. 

Last year, nearly a dozen 
Chinese dele.ationa visited the 
United State Under sponaonhij) 
of the National Council for US-
China Trade. A dele,ation of 
petroleum equipment special-
ists toured 41 US drillin. 
equipment firms and an 
American deleladon of oil 
equipment manufacturers 
visited China last fall. In 
January , a high-ranking 
Chinese petroleum delegation 
visited the United States at the 
invitation of Energy Secretary 
James Schlesinger, the first to 
be invited and paid for by the 
gove~ent. 

trlpa to China Increasin,ly 
report hearln, the Mao,.t 
slo,an "use foreip thiDis to 
serve China," 

China's new modemlzation 
plans, presided over by Senior 
Vice-Premier Ten, Hsia~pin" 
wu ratified by the People s 
C09,re.s in March and is 
embodied in China's IO-year 
economic plan for 1976-85. It 
calla for 10 percent industrial 
growth annuallv for bulldlDl or 
completing 120 large-scale 
projects, including 10 oil and 
steel complexes, nine nonfer-
rous metal complexes, eight 
coal mines and 10 oil and gas 
fields , 30 power stations, six 
new trunk railways and five 
key harbors. 

To accomplish this, China 
will need major inputs of 

ign te v and k 

US companies ca~h in on 
Chinese shopping spree 

amibitious goal of becoming a 
modern industrial state by the ' 
year 2000. 
In the last few months China 
bas made major purchases of 
offshore technology from US 
companies and subsidiaries. A 
$46 million deal was signed in 
Houston May 11 for purchase of 
two jack-up offshore drilling 
rigs to be built in Singapore by 
Marathon Le Touneau, a firm 
This article wu wri&aen by 
Bannin, Garret, founding 
editor 0 the weekly Interna-
tional Bulletin and an expert In 
US-Sino-Soviet relations, 
with US interests. That deal 
followed the signin~ in Peking 
April 10 of an eshmated $25 
million deal with Bethlehem 
Singapore, a 70 percent-owned 
subisi.1UalY of Bethlehem Steel, 
for purchase of a drilling rig for 
operation in 250 feet of water. 

Last December , National 
Supply Co., a division of Armco 
Steel, sold China two offshore 
production rigs for about $30 
million . Nine Chinese oil 
experts are currently in 
Houston at the invitation of 
National Supply. 

There is also a Chinese 
synthetic fibers - petrochemi-
cals - delegation in the United 
States, and several US com-
panies are negotiating in 
Pekin~ to sell synthetic fiber 
factones to China. 

in developing other key 
industries, such as steel. Two 
iron mining delegations are 
coming to the United States 
soon to investigate US mining 
equipment and technology . 

As a result of the numerous 
" window shopping" excursions 
over the past several years in 
the United State~~, Western 
Europe and Japan, westerners 
wbo have negotiated with tbe 
Chinese say they have acquired 
a detailed knowledge of what's 
available and know precisely 
what they want. 

Period of recovery 
The current interest in 

Western technology began soon 
after the death of Mao Tae-tung 
and the purge of the "Gang of 
Four" radical leaders in the fall 
of 1976. There followed what the 
Chinese le a ders termed a 
period of recovery from the 
disruption of the economy 
atttributed to the "Gang of 
Four", who were blamed with 
" opposing all things foreign " 
and advocating a policy of 
strict self-reliance. 

The traditional adherence to 
self-reliance is now being re-
defined . Po Shusen , vice-
secretary of last year's Canton 
Trade Fair, said, " We consider 
that by importing foreign 
technology, we will fortify our 
self-reliance and help increase 
the economy." 

Visitors on recent business 

Reyelle Graduation Celebration 
June 10th 

Dinner I Dance 
Get your tickets today 

at the Box Office 
EI Cortez Hotel 7:30 pm-2 am 

Walk on Down!! 
NEW WORLD RECORD CO. 

An=..,. 
"UI 

3211 Holiday Court 
La Jolla Phone: 455-5580 

at the VILLA NORTE CENTER 
entry street to La Jolla Village Inn 

! 

Bring this ad and get $1.00 off 
EVERY item you buy with a ticket 
price of $4.00 or more. 
*This does not apply to items 
already on sale. 
Expires June 30, 1978 

Sto. e Hours - Open 7 Days 
Mon-Fri : 10 to 9:30 pm Sat: 10to 7 P!Tl Sun: 11 to 5pm 

how. China has already signed 
two major trade pacts this year 
to obtain some of the necessary 
technology . An eight-year, $20 
billion agreement was signed 
with Japan in mid-February 
and a trade agreement was 
signed with the Common 
Market April 3. That agree-
ment does not set a specific 
amount on sales but gives 
China "most favored nation" 
trade status in exchange for 
" favorable consideration" by 
China of Western European 
goods. 

(Please turn to page 16) 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONJ"ROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 

*LOW COST 
·CONFIDENTIAL · 

·STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

PHOTO 
SUPPtIFS 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES UCSO.,. 

........ A«I' ... 

,....., ........... 

Graduatl" 
Special 

For 
Students 

at Janice's 

Haircuts - Only 58 
reg. 512 

Janice's Salons: 
4/~1 Park BI,·d. 
197-1J80 

J/7 Third A IY. 
Chula VUIII 
416·18JJ. 

(includes shampoo, cut, blow dry) 

Janice 's Hair Garden 
J 1'0 ProlJH~t 

MrK,HlJr PlluD, 1..11 JOlkl 
fH·J077 

Man-FrI: 9-1 SIll 9·' Sun 1fJ..4 
40tlt »Io/u opnr ~"".f,d., $at:9-6 Good thru June 26, 1978 

Wr us. only IIw 
fin .. , p,oduCIS 

DWliW,. 

_ ..........•.................................... 

iWE'RE NOT KIDDING! ~ 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

COMPLETE STEREO CLOSEOUT _. 
• Technics, Panasonic, Pioneer, Dynaco : 

• : Amps, Receivers, Turntables, Clocks, : 
: Calculators & More! : 
• • 
: La Jolla Music : 
• • 
: 1128 Wan st. : 
: La Jolla 459-3375 : , ............................................. ~ 

GRADUATION 
SPECIAL 

12 Long-Stemmed Roses 

Now Only 

$8.95 

La Jolla Village Florists 
University Towne Gentre 

Suite 0 -2 
(across from the Sears Garden Shop) 

453-5022 
Major Credit Card. Accepted 

FttIIIIr ....... I. 1171 

EAT, "II~ & 
IE __ UILI 

24 Hltl AllAY 
FIIALI AT ITI. 

biton times Plige 5 

Opinion 
, 'Absurd statements" 
Open letter to the ASUCSD Bulletin 
-Editor: 

This letter is prompted by the 
absurd statements made in the 
recent Bulle&in, I am the last person 
to bold up the Triton Times as a 
model of journalistic excellence. 
however, I find your claims to 
prese nt importa nt info rma tion 
unavailable in otber m e d ia 
ridiculous . Your claim tbat 
students had "no other source of 
communications to turn to" is 
pitiful. Juat what do you consider 
the DeW iDdicaaor, if not a media 
eOJaged in communications? 

The n_ IndIca&ar was covering 
the day care struale before it 
became an illUe, has consistently 
done solid reporting on tenure 
decisions, bas eOJaged in solid 
research and reporting on Reg Fee, 
the Communications Program, 
etc. And the Bulletin, what has the 
BuUedn done? 

In ODe issue the BuUedn reported 
that students were against lower 
fees, a totally ridiculous claim. In 

their latest issue the Bulletin has ' 
come out with an article supporting 
the plan to demolish the UC library 
system, a plan which even the 
Tr iton Times had the sense to 
oppose. Perhaps the staff of the 
Bulletin goes into a library knowing 
what books they desire, well in 
advance. The average student does 
not do this. For most students it is 
essential to he able to leaf through 
books before deciding which ones to 
investigate further , and often 
students do not have a week to wait 
for the materials to arrive. 

Page six of the recent issue is far 
from an example of sterling, or 
otherwise, journalism. There is not 
ODe item of relevant data on the 
page. The proud claim that the 
BuUedn has " no paid advertlBe-
ments" is asinine. If the Bulletin is 
going to run a full page of 
advertising they might as well get 
paid for it. After all, the ads aJ;e no 
more pleasant to look at just 
becaUBe student money is beiOJ 

spent to print them, just more 
expensive. 

I, and most students to whom I 
have talked . am far from im-
pressed with the AS Bulletin . Its 
second-rate, and oCten incorrect, 
copy is combined with one of the 
worst typesetting and layout jobs 
ever seen on the face orthis earth to 
prDvide a piece of total garbage. 
Personally, I resent seeing student 
fees Joing to such junk, and I 
espeCially resent beini told what a 
favor is being done for me 
afterwards. 

JONBEKKEN 

Abortion 
controversy 
not first 
Editor: 

AFSCME expresses its 
concern over day care 

The issue Df university sponsDr-
ship of abortion services has raised 
a fundamental issue oC first 
amendment rights by UCSD. This 
however is not the first confronta-
tion of its kind. 

Over a year ago Vice-chancellor 
Paul Saltman was confronted Dn 
the pr actice of Ms . Peg~y 
McCarthy of the Pre-Med off.ce 
questioning students about their 
views on abortion as a part of 
recDmmendation interviews. Vice-
chancellor Saltman envDked the 
blinding dD~rtla Df the autonomy of 
the univerSity to defend such action just as the university uses thiB 
defense in the matter of abortion 
funding. 

Editor: 
Our organization would like to 

express the great concern we felt 
over the Administration's recent 
attempt to close down the present 
Day Care Genter and put in its place 
a private franchise . Not only would 
such a move have done away with 
Duality day care on this campus, it 
would have down-graded the jobs of 
people working at the center to a 
minimum -wage status. We 
therefore a' . .:;o want to express our 
solidarity with the parents and 
students who rallied around the 
Day Care Center. We applaud them 
for taking decisive action to 
successfully repulse the Adminis· 
tration's attack this time around. 

We fully recognize that a great 
need exists for quality day care on 
this campus (that is, day care with 
an educational program, not just a 
kiddy Cann where pa rents dump 
their children in the charge oC 
poorly paid, harried baby·sitters) . 
We envision a time when UCSD can 

provide decent day ca re not Dnly to 
students but also to all staff 
members who need it. But we fear 
the trend is going in the opposite 
direction. 

The attempt to cut back the Day 
Care Center is jus t another 
example of how services at UCSD 
are being cut back in general; the 
result is that people Df lower socio-
economic backgrounds are more 
and more being shoved out oC the 
university. By trying to. save on 
expenses through this means, the 
Administration is setting us all up 
(es pec ially because all such 
saving inevitably comes out of cut-
backs on human services rather 
than from administrative waste 
and research of dubious nature) . 
Nothing in the end is really saved. 
Society - all of us - 10 e . 

The Administration may very 
well have been conducting a test 
case to see how difficult it would be 
to set a very dangerous precedent 
at UCSD - the franchising oC jobs. 
This move threatens the rights of 
every UC employee. The target this 
time was the day care staff. ext 
time it might be clerical workers, 
custodians or cafeteria workers. 
Franchising of jobs means that 
working conditions, job security 
and wages are lowered to the least 
common denominator. Everything 
we as workers have fought Cor for 
years could go down the drain if the 
Administration actually does go 
this route. 

The battle (or the Day Care 
Center strengthens our convictiDn 
that the Administration is clearly 
unconcerned about employee and 
student interests a nd is not about to 
"give" us anything. We have also 
learned that individual emplDyees 
or students can't fight the 
Administration alone - only by 
building a strong, united organiza-
tion can we protect our rights and 
further Dur interests. 

AFSCME Local zoa 

Secretary of HEW Joseph 
Califano under congressional 
mandate has begun an investi~a­
tiDn Df medical schools for violation 
of fundamental first amendment 
rights through discrimination and 
or violation of conscience guaran-
teed under the 1964 Civil Rights Act. 

Vice-chancellor Saltman's view 
of third trimester abortion as a 
matter of " just meat" is quite 
remarkable . Third trimester 
abortion, such as that success-
fully perlonned by Dr. Wadill of 
Santa Ana, may be a matter oC just 
meat to some members of the 
academic community, however, 
should the Administration of thp 
academia Corce upon students the 
obligation to finance such action? 

The courts are asked to affinn 
first amendment rights oC students 
attending public un iversities . 
Whatever the result, it is clear that 
the university is not autonomous 
from judicial review. 

A statement by Mr. Hull which 
suggested to students who object t!l 
abortiDn fees that they attend the 
University of San Diego or some 
other university where such fees 
are not required should be 
examined. That Mr. Hull should 
make such a statement before the 
court should rule not only is 
presumptuDus but some may find in 
his remark a subtle note Df Anti-
Catholicism which many thought 
ended in this country with the 
election of John Kennedy to the 
presidency. 

The Hull suggestion makes a 
moo :. proposal in order. If Mr. 
Hu ll and ather administration 
officials such as Mr. Richard 

(Please turn to page 7) 
Why has food tragedy 
on campus been ignored? 
Editor: 

We just came back from Revelle Cafeteria, where we were presented 
with the most ickening, inedible garbage imaginable. With all the 
controversy in the pages of the Triton Time , why has this tragedy been 
ignored? The question of the quality of food erved to students hould 
certainly tran cend mo tof the is ue in the paper; after all, we' re dealing 
with our only real po ses iDn, our health. The food served at Revelle is not 
Dnly inedible but can physically icken a person. The food service ignore 
student needs in three ways: the prices wepay areoutrageou , the food we 
eat is inhuman and the service we receive is unforgivable. 

How doe the FSA ju tiCy spending $330 per student per quarter on 
diseased garbage? For a supposedly non-profit en.erprise, we seldom 
receive our money 's wDrth. The Food Service Administration, in their 
infinite generosity, only make us pay for only 70% of our 19-meal plan. For 
this reason, w cannot tran fer our meal cards . OK. 7( % of the meal plan is 
13.3 meals per week. That still means that we are payillg$2.2S per meal for 
a plate of mass-produced lop, something that Ma alld Pa Kettle would 
refuse to feed their pigs for fear of a revolt. In a normal ca e, on could 
simply an wer, "If you don' t like it, don't at it"; blot not here, for the 
univer ity, ever w' in it foresight and con£ident of its culinary 
capabilities, wrings a full year's contr t OUt 01 very mgl re Ident 
befDre the first ta tele s mor el touche their gum . Of cours , the Corr 
Hut I a tasty alternative, but Food S rvic deni that well. Our meal 
cards ar good forup to 52% I atth CoCf Hut than at Revelle, m anin 
that in order not to PQison our elve we mu t slarv to death. 

God knows this is an outrage, but it mi htlJe tolerable if the food was 
gOOd. We don't hay to remind R veil patron ofthe ef( cts of a thr e-day 
str ak of Rigatoni, Eggplant a rol and M xic n D light. L 1 Iy, we 
havebeen rv d£i hlhr daysout ffiv , 01 kin C r om vari t . Who 
can (orget thal first appealing bite o( Ter! aki steak a la natural (with 

(Plea e turn to p e 7) 



Electi ' D night 
antics: at the 
EI Co tez Hotel 

'I 

' .......... ...,. 

Photos by Stan Honda 
and Nathan Meyers 

. I 
I BELIEVE I'M ON A WINNING STIIEAJ(-Y. _ 13 ....... _tid& .. t.wI~ 
weir'" plac_, _ JIInI~_. -....-t .. IK' .. .., ............. et1lfl. 

J 

THE REAL CENT.ER OF ATTENTION- O.ce e"ery 20 min.tee to one·half hour, three women 
would take chalk In hand and taDy t.e lateet election naulte, _ epect.ton crowded Ho.nd the 
board to lee how their favoritee were f.iring. 

THE SECOND CENTER OF ATTENTION- At 1:10_ W •• ~. 0.1y 1 .... rc ••• of 
the vot .. were co •• ted. n. Hr, tll_p. w.e dl'\l .." I:I:H_. 

' ............. 1171 

Opinion 
.open letter 
Review of Communications 
Editor: 

Communications students have long been and continue to be deeply 
concerned over the condition of the Communications Program at UCSD. 
Many times in the past we have called for adequate funding to broaden the 
scope of the program. We are, therefore, to a certain extent elated that the 
CEP has recognized the field of Communications as "8 valid form of 
intellectual inquiry" which they " would gladly support on this campus." 
We do not disagree with the committee in its determination that the 
program needs reorganizing depending less on cross listings and more on 
program controlled counes, and furthermore that current faculty 
resources are not adequate. 

biton times 

Abortion 
controversy ... 
(Continued from page 5) 
Whitehill feel so strongly about 
abortion services funded through 
student fees then they should seek 
employment at a private university 
where they need not impose their 
private views on the public at large. 

The drama of God and man at 
UCSD like William F. Buckley's at 
Yale is indicative of the decay of 
a liberal institution even to the 
depths of cancellation of enroll-
ment of students objecting to 
paying for the destruction of human 
Itfe in university abortion services. 

JIMSWOBEN 

However, it is deeply disturbing to us that the CEP has called for the 
potential dismantling of the Communications Program at UCSD just when 
it appears the program will finally be getting the resources it needs to 
broaden its scope and reorganize itself academically. The CEP has in fact 
di8regarded several important recommendations of its own subcommittee .. ************H (in a comprebensive report) in favor of setting an unnecessary and . -i' . -i' 
unrealistic deadline for the program to complete the reorganization (the iC -i' 
end of Fall quarter 1978) . -i' 

We feel that the CEP has not fully recognized tire work of its .. -i' 
subcommittee, specifically its recommendation (no. 4, page' 8) tbat the -i' • 
program be strengthened through the addition of a new coordinator and il 
three FTE's to create a fully developed Communications Program. This .. • 
recommendation is already being implemented successfully with the iC -i' 
addition of Dr. Michael Cole and other new faculty . The subcommittee il -i' 
report does not call for freezing or dismantling the major but instead for il • 
strengthening the program. il. 

Michael Cole, the program's new coordinator, has alreadf'lbegun the il 
process of restructuring the Communications Program through his efforts il 
to obtain the vitally needed cooperation of faculty in the social science 
departments along with key administrators. As recommended by the il TOP ECONOMY 
subcommittee, offerings in other departments credited for the ~ Plus GOOD LOOKSf 
Communications major have been sharply reduced for Fall '78 leaving ~ 

Food tragedy ignored ... 
(Continued from page 5) 
ligaments and veins pressed between two pieces of dIseased meaU . And 
what about the lucky customer who was served moldy green scrambled 
eggs? The hit parade goes on and on. It's sad to see people in the prime of 
life struck down by a food service either incapable or unwilling to lulfill 
their professional , or even humane, obligations. We' re not expecting 
Mom's home cooking when 800 people are being served; we realile that 
their are realistic limits to the quality of mass·cooked food . But the simple 
fact remains that someone, somewhere made the decisilln to buy and cook 
substandard, low·quality food for students for the sake of economy. 

Now that we're paying outrageously to be poisoned and grossed out, as if 
that weren't enough, Food Service deliver the coup d'grace: the long line. 
This is like waiting in line for your own execution; it 's the demoralizer, the 
last straw. They'll go far to insure this effect; they' ll close one side of the 
kitchen when the line is ' nearly to a reasonable length, slow down the 
service to a crawl, and use other delaying tactics. 

The university is exercising a kind of monopolistic power over us here. 
We are forced to eat inferior food, or to barely subsist on what we can buy at 
the Coffee Hut, or utilize orc-campus service (which is inaccessible to 
many) . We feel that Food Services at Revelle are unendurable and must be 
improved. Students should not be subjected to this kind of abuse. 

MARY BETH CRAYNE JOHN CHILTON 
VIRGINIA HALL MARK MILLER 

KEVIN SMITH MARK WILLIAMS 
ALEX MECONI BRIAN MAYE R 

KElT, WOODARD 
Illiilllllllll 111111'1111"""11 

Attention Students 
Are You Moving? 

Help other students by listing your apartments 
with the Off-campus Housing Office, x3670 or 
Bldg. B, Student Center complex. 

I I I I I I I I • • I I I I • • • I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 
only those courses that are directly applicable. Communications courses il NOW'I nil ftMI!O IUT A 
have been reorganized for next year to conform to the Macro, Micro and il NIW DA1IUN • .• LAaOIR 
Media divisions including a required new upper division sequence: il .... ntnOII, IYIII 
Communications 10M, l00B and 100C. -i' J . 

Communications students support the effort of Michael Cole to il OanDe: 
majorswillbeparticipatinginCommunicationsl94, aseniorseminarwitb il . ,~ .. ~.~..3,;:. Scotland will ne · e the same! reorganize the program. During Fall quarter many Communications .. • ~ 
Dr. Cole titled " The Communications Program." Outof this seminar a new - ..... --, 
plan for the major will emerge. With the reorganization of the major and :t: ::M t . :-:4. · t the addJtion of new faculty, Communications should be able to be rightfully '?' '?' • 
recognized in the near Cuture with the granting of departmental status and 
the implementation of a full graduate program. But none of this will 
happen without goodwill on the part of faculty and administrators. lit ... ,... ....... 

We, therefore, urge you to eliminate the harmful and destructive MIlliON y~~ 
deadline the CEP has set for the program and urge the CEP to cooperate 
with Michael Cole and the current faculty and students of the program in il .:=...-::.-==-.:-.::. . ~ You'll be hearing from 
our joint effort to create a strengthened Communications Program at t :t 
UCSD. As students we stand united behind the future of the program. ~ '?' 

COMMUNICATIONS STUDENT UNION .*************il -H. 

"'11." taste of San 'Miguel Cerveza Negra, 
•• .,,,, ...... tt's naturally brewed. Richer and 

darter _:aUt. we rout the malt . 
.,. ..... San Miguel Beer, And let it be dark. 

me ... 



...... 

An in June, the time of goodbyes 
.... PlllIIeta Ita,... or IlOl I'0Il v 1liII .... lot 10 
IN .... _TT~ Iua J( Je~ dlc:kIlII. Sian. 
P ..... __ lImep. tJIiIIC or hrO. SIIIdy. _., 
pertJ CiBdJ'. J(11I7. Joba.Erlc ~ __ . ""'. ADd 
.... 17bod1-. ~bye! AIIII 

~ T ..... , ....... ilia __ 01 "'1 tile ' 
f ..... r . v ... ·u .. y ID my .... It. I ..... y .... EddIe 
_lcaalaaylOmy _ UCSDI_ •• _l'm 
_ milo YOIII aD • __ aDd I'U .ap 
remem ber til. lime. w. III . .. . r.d .. . from 
Low_au _ to IlautlAn. )( . .-.e. c._ . 
NI .. F ....... CIIiDa Pal, Pablo aDd Doe 1:quIa. Sal 
NI .. U • • to tile iii W to er .... OIl ..... ! Bye you 
1UJI • ... wi .. aU my love. Qori 
F. CImlIIe: TIle ~ ara _1iIIIl ... time 01 
year. WJ . .. we were tbe re! Love, ·Secky . 
Dave N. TIaaab lor tile f ..... yeara of omile •. I'U 
alway. be Dull over you too . Love. JL B 
J .. ; AUu NN. 'l'IIaaU for IIIa_DI rill,. aD 
~ lIBIIonIaDdIIII. aDd tile -.. lOme. Love. 
SeI".a...". Keep lD _ from T .... ecula. I reluae 10 
CO 0lIl tbe tbrow up ridu witbout you! Etc, etc. JLB 
Ro'. II wiD ceruiDly be. very 10llC1WIImOr. I'm 
.Iad you'lI be tbere. Your reDow but driver. 
To our luIppy bouoebold IJId freq ..... 1 .-11. my 
..... for you ,row. ruter \ball yelltlea mIaa you. 
.proul 
Ralpb. JOOd luck ID D.C. W.·II mill you eveo ora .. 
tar away . Love Julie, Mlcbele aDd Linda 
Suite E' •• W •• ure ~ COrrupIJOIl lAB wllb 
nyiDi colors! Have mau quI.titie. 01 fun atwl)'l. 
Arlene 
Katie .. Maureen. Can 'l .111 to Jet my banda on 
2_! Party bearty l!Jio aumrner but keep In lOuch. 
Arlene 
ANJ·Tbeae 4 yearawilbyoululve_n,reILTbaaa 
for .Iw.y. bela ..... r . V ... ·ll.I •• y. be opecIat V 
Lori ., Jodie than.: tor the .oad t.imn; rot ' next 
year' U be too weird ; lUte we have to have aome 
more deep (lImecoDoumiq) 1IIb; K.rI,ood luck 
wherever you Hd up; Douc may you a1W8Y1 bave a 
brew In luInd; Wendy It miIbt luIve worked - 100 
bad il didn'~ everyooeetae P .... ha .. iothereJel 
Buowalebe ... Alrbeado and .U 10th noo ......... 
much love and a toa.t to nonnality Wooo and HUlla 
LN 
To G.D .. E.D .. D.B .. B.B .• C.M .• T .M .. the F.F.F ~ 
W.M .• B.L.T .• B.D. the C.D.'WllummerM.O. and 
V.I. 
To Jen-My any and belt friend . Lov •• Kathy 
To my roomiel , love from Kath)' 
To the whole lanl: Thil il ooly the be&innina. 
VIVA! Ciao. Re. 
Hi Rhonda! WeU. here'a your very own eoodbye 
personal, Aren't you excited! Anyway, I'm rQlIy 
,onna m .. syouand yoursrumy nOlle: . BUT, I'm lUre 
e' ll see each other a,aio . Have a lreat IUmmer. 
Love . Don 

Daryl: '"""'" lor lIoe A ID _! Good hoek wi" tile 
IWI 01 your Ula. GoooIo,-.",u ..... Alway •• Lynn 
Tammy (liod IIoor T ... y.) : I luId • creal lime 
--. you. keop .mlll .... Erik 
Sborrl)(. ()(_ ApI) : I daD'l waDI '" _ you 
lNv,,", UCSD. but II you muol I'U probabl¥ milo y •• 
Erik 
Wead)o (III yr. _.-): W. ·ve_udlolber 
.. m ..... Il0l. yr but b ... DIver ..... ReDo. 10 HI. 
Erik 
To ll ...... Nutmo. or jllll)(ec: You · • • _1UdI 
• _ I .-.male you'" • real ...,war .. I. Love 
lrom 0)( 
Good luck 10 my UI' buddy VI_ ..... ·. 10 ilia 
_ yearol fllalJld Mer and pIaa. Love6 laraWell. 
KBII 
To.U tile p pla DeI)(ar 01 milhly tit ba ...... p ... 

~. It·. '- I . ... 1 yNr. Love to aU. Kerry. 
iIIMIIb' Bear 6 N .. uneuer. To tile mo.l ........ 
.... I _ . Tbau for your IOltraace and lov • . 
VI_ 
lIilbly Tit: Thanx I.r beine,,"1 __ drinkiq 
_ . but lei'. nnI quit now! Love 10 you .II· ... C. 
p __ r ._ Ilnlobln, 2 quartora with you I .m 
lully coav_ ""I you .re the moot intelUpnI.nd 
baDdIome prot.-r thia: clmpul baa ever 1HIl. 
TIwIII you for. ,..01 2 quarte .. of help . palieace. 
IJId WlderaIlDdi ... M.y you and your I"",,Jy h.ve 
lhe _ Iud< .nd beallb Ibl. world ha. 10 offer. Idx 
Joe " The Bud&e\" R.lnwaler: Beat 10 ya 01 USD. 
Enjoy your .ummer-C.rl aDd the Derelicta , 
Kalle. you NId·luIlred bNuly! It may be a Utile 1.1e. 
bul I'm madly In love wi .. )'OIHbe Mad Skater 
Don'l amon. Utlle •• mob • lot! Fo ..... ll_ cill. 
omou pot! Bye 10 all Ibe broI. D. Spa"" Cadet 
F ..... McConnlc: Keep ID loueMi.e to full .. l· 
e,nJoy mod ",h·keep pe..-aalily omUe-a1 •• y. Jared 
D. Heru • .arTy .... 111 118 • . FUlu ...... _, 01 I~. 
EDjoy med. IdI. J .D. <c_mlnded no mor.) 
Mike. G.ry. Erlr. Ron. 6 SIe •• ·• _I of luck 
alw.y •• fIIloy Uf • . keep In toucb. and adioa. Friend. 
Jared 
Pltrick " Wild and Ct'IIY" : You will alwaya remaln 
In my heart. The VG·. Girl 
Dawnee Renee "Aw ma, 1 can eat two wieoera" : 
Have In exceptionllaummer, )' 11 mis. you~ Love, 
SJB 
Karen 8.1 : H.v.fun playl", f .... 1 ra .. er. Bioand 
moth we", lruly different! Good luck .1 Berteley . 
SJB 
To my incredible but incredible .. ""bor: Lootl", 
lorward 10 • ' .... 1 .\IJ1UIler! Love. The Gullible 
One! 
To the Flip: Coul:ln·lbave .. kedforbellerrooml ... 
Here '. to I c razy , It.hlul summer! Loye. ! 
Clrol. I'll mi .. you nexl year but I know you IV)'I 
will love II al Humboldt. Jeanie 

TOft)'. wW we ever kaow who would lui ... bumed oul 
II,," 
CbucII. I'U ... _ I ..... v. you for "'" C!IIIIlinc 10 the 
party <_ you ....... _ ualllil .. mmer) . Vour 
ClIO 
Unda: I lbIIIIt I love you! SIeve 
J(IaA 6 .... other fine membera of our FINE_: 
I ruUyload. bia. Ibio quarter. HaataLumbqo 6 
CMw 
"'y M.te: I ' ...... Oy allloyael your """'IM' Y IJId 
your pacIdliaJ Ia , real. Hope 10 ... yalbla ownmer. 
CAPTAIN 
Sk tiD , • Ca aoeiD , we re e. lYo with tb e 
_bronc. _ . llural hiltoria ... Thana 10 .il· 
Colon! 
Merenda DNV: Thaw for kilo,.., m.on lhe •• rt.lI 
IJId for koepI", mo. I ' •• beard lbe rnuale. b ••• you 
_ ilia .. ra? A \out 10 the .... 10 IIlcbt. 10 tile 
nab. I na Ie ua 10 L.S. aDd E. ·A '51 J ...... 
Clod)': Vou· .. leaviq- llliff. onlIl! We'lI mill you. 
.. ~ In _ . Love. V ... r Seeret AdmIrerl.) . 

_ CH: TIaaab lor the lriandabip. TbrouIh \be Ioc*Inc 
GloM. Don'1 """ I"IIIIIIiDc or wnU ... 1l bappeaa. 01 
T.mmy L: H_ yoululytilliee lWIUIIet. (bope.o 
... you Ibla 'ummer! Cbuck 
Jelf G. Beln, lhe hell I. wlull you do me ... bet.., 
lrue to youraelll Good luck next y •• r! J .J .·Lew 
Hey Bra: You're a nelt pencm bro . I'm counUIli 
o. y ... tom.te .InceI didn·l. Vou reIIJyde .. rveU. 
Keep me Inform_ay? Th.u 10r.1I '1Ie popcorn 
•• d ftt . Study " e.)oy. Good Lu.k . SI. 
Ell' in your beer, quit it out , you dol, I'll v8ccum: 
Tbe R-" rloweril.preaclln.& iq' 8Hd Qvertl'w!! world. 
AU I cln .. y i. lhiI will be the vear that future ODei 
will luIv. to Uve up to. TluIllIIa for conv.naUoa. 
humor and memoria. Uve 10", .. proaper (lilbal 
another quote'!' ~ Love, David 
Tothe ...... I~eofG-H ..... : Vouhav.m_tbll 
the .reatell year 01 my life! Loye Chuck 
Good I~ to Pete SebDeider .1 John HopIr.ln. ne.1 
year! KI!n 6; Compcmy In tb~ bua. Orrice will mlu 
yool 
Jell "P\llWa.b" Lelfer1 We'lI ml .. you nexl year! 
Good luck and keep ill touch, Your bu.lneu o((lce 
friendl 
TIlE BUSINESS OFFICE LOVES SnJDt:NTS! 
ESPECIALL V ANDV. PETE. JEFF, KEVIN. ANN 
AND KATHY. GOOD LUCK TO ALL!! 
Bed< A JIoo.Have f .. n in Scotland. Be sure to aly HI 
to tbe Iocb .... mo.,ler.Dd don'l ror.et to write. 
Reddy 
ItS II you ~QW. worda don 't come e .. lly. Vou've 
made lhll time extra'lpeclal for me-liven me 10 
mud!. I come " OUI" with.ood fteli ..... hope Y'" 
do too. n 's JUre ni« to have apeciaJ frlendl.iln ·tlt? 
Thank, lor all--e.p. you, your muaic-ItIOUOO.10 
,GOd. Alway., Critter. P.S. H you're ever In Ohio .. , 

Jose (WilBe)-Eat my shorts. tie! Loye-Juer. 

Delta Law requires y ou t Q read this 
message be/ore y ou leave town. 

O.K. , this is goodbye! Go out and get drunk! 
Live it up] Have fun! The summer is yours! 
But some time this summer, like around August 4th , 
you'd better be ready to see the funniest college 
movie ever created. Don't blow it! 

This summer the mov ie to see w ill be 
JI&ft . .... 

1,& •••••• 

A comedy from Universal Pictures 
THE MAnY SINMONS . IVAN REITMAN PRODUOlON 

NAnONA. LAMPOON S ANIt'v\AJ... HOUSE" \<0<""9 JOHN [lELUSHI ' TIM MATHESON 
JOHN VERNON . VERNA OLOOM THOMAS HULCE and 

DONALD SUTHEr\LAND as JENNINGS Produced by MAnY SWMONS and 
IVAN REITMAN MuSIC by ElMER [lERNSTEIN Wntten by HMOLD RAMIS 

[X)UGLAS KENNEY & CHRIS MILLER · DireCTed by JOHN LANDIS 
!00 -- ~ ~. ~'_~~.A 1.<1/ • .. ~ r( ,. R RESTRICTED/lG!l 

Yo u 'll be talking a bout it all winter! 

To my frlMdl 10 wblcll f·v.bad lbabeollime •• keep 
.. haviDIlII . .. I wW_u In fulureyea". )(arIt R. 
10 tile partyt.., clam bumaa dri .... IJId driMial 
-. keep oadrlokinl " partyt.., •• v ... ElI)'. 
IIarIt R. 
DeIIbie B.: TIle wedell .. wu fIIa . Dd ~fully our 
=.::: ~U .,...,.. In yea .. to come. ElIIoy. Love. 
SJB: Have. creal lime lD AIpea <or II II )(laml?l 
Tblo, . will be b.ner n .. 1 ye.r! Love . AKS 
VilA N_r: Gol .. 10 mill you ~ .loIOwn 
...... " you cood doG'l f .. , w'l'. you',. I".~ 
Love. E .... 
J oy"" you wild IJId t ruy • • 1: Glad y ... ·re 1I.ln. 1o 
Del Mar M l.t year! Give me a calli .....u, Anne 
Slur Rode ot: X&riminaton 10 wild in .umr ! 
Crld<eII R b. nl2 .Ileb <DOle rarlly) c:ollectri llmll 

Crt~1 
Gre,: Y ouwilcUJcral7carpetdunerl Wehuryour 

aped.lll~r"bonp"'lDI.luIvewe.~or 
you! A........,oyce 
To l.be Dice8t office manacer I ever worked with: 
I'm ,.ad we· .. o warun, 1OJeIber! Love . Harry 
DIve: H.velunpl.yl .. lil ..... rdinyo .. rlilllebath tub 
InO.C.w ...... y ... llbelOOdatmou .. lomouth! 
An .. loJoyee 
WHhoul f .. lbers-IO lhe bell of the boltom: V ou · re 
III ca ... ' 0- 14 ain ' t bad at aU! Joyce • Ane 
Anne My God! Umeant.here'dolua-your" case" i. 
readyftheNutFarm! Here'atanlnebriouNummer 
and Del Mar ecyoj 
Monte F: I hopewetr""tdidn·l.iveueold leel ! RBln 
makes for lood txercile . Love , Joyce 
J71: The ... l luIlf you '", a ,ood roomy I'll mill my 
actelmine prar.qity lenon. and I' ll mill )'OU have 
fun tbla: IUmmer aAd in the .pta. Donlt IDiwer too 
many al.nn docka. Sloppy H. If. 
Mary " Jolin: lean bardly wall unUi J .. Jy 22 ",ben I 
let my new baby b(otber . Loye, Jeanie 
AdiOi M .... : H.ve fun In IIUooi • . Wbo boWl 
maybe you' ll lea.rn where tomboy coma from. 
Neal·boy. PoU Sci Major. We wUl ... rely mi. you. 
Ba Dum Ba Dum B. Dum Ba Dum Ba Dum Sa Dum 
I Lov.the 
LC I ' m In • New Vork .111. 01 mind . D 
Joe: I heard polka le.aons aren 't offered at 

~:=-rd. Tate care of youraelf. MI .. ya . Love. 
Te ....... J.rry Bon Voya.e. Don't for,et your 
FrenthlEnllisil <licU ... n ... kit .... STAMPS. 
Lov • • Eileen 
Richard Mucolo; Vou wild" crazy auy. I 'm lonna 
mila you lo.t oC luck in Irad achool. Love alway. 
Eileen . 

KC. Rick, Tom, Pitta, Jrnnie, Drano. Vic, Lina , Sue, 
Jim. Ron. Maren. Dave. Ab. PJ . J.ff. Bunllle. 
Karla , Colleen, Marion . Phil, Sharon, OL'., AS 
people . Stern Tubes , Mann tbe Orr. , UEO. 
ReveUe-( will mig you all. Thanks (or a lreat 
year. Good luck . Love always, D,ye 
Dainty Buns: Many thanks mon confidant. The 
.gony of Ellen and thelhrill of Linda. Much.r •• s-
Pattheral r 
Tuo. Tease: You lemptrell. Movein - (want )'ou, 
r need you, I love you . But (' II behave. Patter 
1exaa Tease: Thanb ror payin, 0(( your bet. Let'l 
play aomemore. This . ummer'! Europe? TeJ:u 
" Liquor" I 
Dr: Fe" oh Dr. Fe .. I think I see ala • . that 1\ w.s 
qUite a BIG MlSTAKE to sien up tor your cia .. !!! 
Dr. Ftll 'l seminar on punk cookery will meet this 
~~k only in lb. Oraanic Cbem Lab. rourth noor 

Thank you Jon . Chria. Hick. SI.ve " Alan ..... you 
~!~e~y spirit rose mto the sky .. wlth Love 
To- everyone I eyer met at UCSO: You 're very 
stranae creatures, Goodbye, die ,oung. Dennta 
Pokey, loon classes will be over and the summer 
Will be tor you and 1 to share . Time will be our. to 
enjo)' loaether: to joe a lonj the beach , to let 
sunburnt tOlether, to hUI you 10 lllhtthal we me lt 
Into one. l'm not ready (olay ,oodbye when I've Just 
berun to lay hello [love you . Your Hun 
Fa ir queen Kerry. I am bonored to attend your 

p~rty . ex·LP 
Hey Dawn! Sunshine i. beautiful! 
To the experienced ladies of the J ' 201 , you 
.1Imulated even our excllin,lives, Mere! y adieu 
To lhaoe in lbe J2O • • I al"'. experience does rtftIke 
a difference , an d I lug,ut YOIJ ,0 for It ! 
Renee, thank you for all of the fun times. I ' ll be 
lookJnl for you in Budapest. Ken. 
RedOower you and H. are IOmelhina else. Have a 
.reat.ummer! Maybe we can catch some rays thil 
lum, 
TT copy producers: You au)'. are killing me - 2G 
P .... Jeo .. ChriaU 
To all those praent and former J20en you Ilr •• are 
the bellest have I terrific .ummer, lee yany MBS 
Valerie, hope you have a Irtatsummer, maybe I'll 
let! you nexl year at Stanford, lee ya cute.! 
Strawberry fieldl (orever:. have a lreatlummer 
and I will lee )IOU next year. Love 1 . .... Ellinaton 
Ha(ley. Jim. Carl. Kerry . .. onti. Steve. Kurt. 
Robert , Brian: Have a Ireal summer! DeniM 
Mlrk: S . - Cheeu on my pilla - I'll md. our .lOOy 
lellions. But you can still liY8 me " how to be 
811l'e111ive" 1euo1ll, KaJ!:10 - we were ,real Paul 
W. - I ' ll mi. yo .. r Ii tt l. vloill . C .CAT. 
TJ- Two years I.s not to lone-we can mike it! Me 
)'OU in our victorian houle on the beach tUl.ummer 
Ind our weeUnda t.otetlwr, I love you, c.rinu 
Eyeleen: ohcutle! you 've been 10 mucll fUn I 'Uml. 
Y'" nexlyear. Keep thole pipen .. clean! Lov • • MB 
ReM. CIM7. Eric:. R_: I U" W-.. 
" A01'" _ .... ,.. ..... '" .et efIlt1eoo1." .1 
_11 ....... __ "'-.-.""' 1111 May," 
......... all "'Y ..... plliIIIII' I realll'''' OY'' II 
ud _ .. ...-., • • 1 ",-'Y. - 1" tile 
_r _ I _ '" 1Ia, Jut • lillie I ..... . ... 
10_ ..... maybe I ,.11 .. v.r cot .. flcl< . ..... 1101-
ever tile ",_.. tile ilelay. ud ....... p _m 
""I_I _ . I'n m" Y" al l • I ... I .... 
• lanl .. '" feel. parI . f 1111 ..... Ie _atloa ... 
kl .... hie 10 _1I.nd. Beal of I .. k IOYOli II. Lov •• 
De .... . 
Baaan e-Le sei settimane tH.re lira ' presto 
rlnlta Grazl< per I"Intrnd ... ion • oormalllo ·. t;· 
atato rantaatko. Abbi una Irande estate e una 
mjl liore vila le nont l vedo di nuovo AmOrt!. Dillvlde 
Stdonla, Jose - Ahm lonna mLu y ' all! 
[)ear Kale, Third.loa I. Eilht'l.alq' Will mil you 
mu ho next )'e. f CR 
Ran- I'm .. ,lad you 'll b.lt k on the TT - have a 
.rea t . ummt r dOn ' t rortet Jun 2& Love , 
Shan.hal 
OeM hara . thdn for t~ V": RVTIIlN(; Ran 
Bye Cindy Will mi. ),a \tolcfule Ma n 

hoo e J II mill ,)oou' B)e UreAl , Cam Bnan 
DavfI, D.H·. rilia Mille. Stan, Todd ndre • . 
~u Ie. Hober1d. Nomld, PMt , Crt. Nark'y Keith 
r.re • . John. Jim Reed , 8ern ... r'do. H"ollhl. Kyle , 
Mill lJec.ky Kllr c'1 LeslJe ue, LIN, Mary , Donna , 
lie . lof)n . MM1C1 RubIO Teo ftOmf , Ra)' Ed. 

HII"Ulhi neill , Jay, Jon Hr. n, t~rlr. IJt!bi Karen, 
Lenna. Alle,r .. T-.mmy. Mindy , Ho . Kl l1!:n , Kim, 
O"~t' . Osvr, rhrj., Bob. John Tom FrHl. J y.oo 
.,11 the MUIr H1. •• Your . Kilt 

RocIIy III. Oyllera: Dou • • Don. KIn. AU .... , 
B..-•• HeIeae. Guy. S.I. Craie. J et!. B. Jer(t 
Rlcb. G_. lI.n. Troy. Govfa " me ~1"Itt, 
• _ I year! Sw". malte. III IDtemolioDa\l. 
I ' ll mJao you - CD 
Tbe time for farewella have come. bul l1li. II notllt 
_ . 1 muaI IIY ,....",. to .11 wlJo .ft my f"'" 
~by II.B . • u.. T.B. 
De .... .., 1 .... l w .. _ IO _'" 
1M __ II,.. '" wi .. . ... ., ... ' . 1· • ...,1 
_ ·1 ..... 1&_.1 ... ·1_1_-. 
_ .. ,...III .... ___ "' UfItt 
_ .. ..., willi _ II1II ~ 1-. Y .. II 
.....-,_.,...-,. ... ........ 
11· • ......-. .... _ .. l' ...- ..... . ~I 
ea. .., I, ...... ,_ f.r ."ra' • •• ' •• 1I} I_ .... ~'-"· ....... ,... ... I 
_l'lItIIe _ .,_ ,. aD _ YII _ .. 
__ ,....-taUal'lIl.- ..... V .... , 
_ ..,. - I'D alway • ...- YOI. 
_1 ...... '-._. 
To DidI. Tim. JT. Joe. Roll. HD. AIIioIanla III 
"pecllOy my c:hotolale c:hlp .-re. _ yoo '-
.. m.ny beautl lul memori ... lei' •• lay In ~ 
P. ba 
To K.lby. Steve. Jeff. and Rltlulrd-Tbo Wnp" 
have .luIred I-"'er IDd .luIred with G·D II! 
sweeter Ulan honey .Dd more predouslo me u.a. 
IoId or . lIv.,. Thank you .U for lhl. ye.r . .... 
alw.y •. Robby 
SlIrluIby-1 .... Id not have liked lor a betl<r 
penon .a a Usm. Have a beautiful life, yoU alt 
loved. K.1e 
To Lower Rlchl Cabrlllo-ll bao been ... Uy .OlI! 
Uvine wllb .11 yoo koou. U ke A ..... mlth • ..., 
Kite DO. 1 
Shl......,. 8-Hope ... 1 Y." II .. f .. n II il ...... 
even If you will be alnle nerd. OhShlrley. whalt,,,' 
K 
So lon, "0)00. Keep yourwlv .. 10 workinl order 
Mr. Dlpiotro-fwould liketo~ow moreabout"" 
chemi.lry. Show me bow to ,),ntheaite. ok' 
TopoIl .. 
Erlt the Red-I'll mill you See you In Seprem"" 
Lov. and klue • . ee • . 
T. my ._aru- Ca"y. D.ol. Michell< IiIII 
Michelle-We i •• l way. aJo)' torme IUrrounded br 
the warmth ot your lovinl and carin. hean •. 1'D 
really mlu you thl •• ummer . l..oY e , ROI 
Fiorello-I want you to lake it all olr and theDlta.i 
in the Revf'lIe Fountain for a p~ture . Cal)1't 
Prof Weare-lbe", will .lwl)" be \be lew will 
,reltly appreciate what the hasty m ajorit. 
overlookl. 
I've len the cold "rlneIlnl I!'iuly bear )aws. SlJ<I 
around thta summer and tee me chance. -OIIlid 
To Gir .. who knew me-Fore!ve me DOW that l am 
lOne: away The silent lire hal taken ill toll -0 
Eric- Sueh 8 eentleman- I wlab you mLicb 
happineu" .ucceSl- Keep smilinr. Love, ShaUIII 
8yebue to lome "pecial friends-Anna Jell BflJ1 
Mareland Br.d S. S.houl wa •• 101 beller wlth)'Ol· 
GL 
Pally- We helped each other survive a lOulh year 
Thanks lor .11 the good II",.. . Love a lw.y •. GI!j 
Clndy·l love you like a slll ler-),ou're such a beautiful 
lady II a dear fnend-J will nus. you-Love. your 
roomieS. , 
Harry,..Give ' em Hell. t know you ' ll do a super.ktl 
ne..1 y!arl Love. SS lhe Ex AM 
To Brad the world', IJ'&II'" future A. I A. I'm to 
bappy to have aotten to know you and I do hope ),ou 
ktep i~ lou.h. Don't forlet 10 smell the moth ballllt 
S.L,O. Calpoly. From someone who IO\'e5 ru,b)" 
wine, dancinl, part yin,. )'OU, baseball , waterpolo, 
Renoir, and molt of all runnln& on empty &olnl 15 111 
my HoDd. In Del M.r 
Martin Olin . I'm on m) way., thank you (or being 
such a beautitul part of my arowlh. Keep dOR 
Oearua Hall ... each or you has touched me You are 
a ll very very s pecial I Wish ),ou health &£ JO\t! 
Ca th · J( wild horses ran t divide what ' a (eft' 
bundred mUes·1 wil l Ilow long aCler and will lo~'t 
even lonaer' Llkt lht: ea I hdve raled . my hearU 
ulUeen, and l 'U 8 I\1o'.1YII bfo near-3 chefors fet 
Campanilh- T 
We U J gueM EDNA will KO to pot without Inf I 
Beeble - Atler this summer "'e will Join the AA 
Vennln • 
Farewell Poll 5<1 m.Jors-Thereareno Jobo here-
quick chanae your major 
Sue of Yosemil LHe keep on SOini even thou", 
our friends may change , Keep onenjoYl lllyou llitlf 
Amy 
John es. Thanks for perkin, up all thole: bonnt 
lectul"'e ' inmath orl never would have made it Amr 
AKS- Welllt·. 2 down and 3 to.o. Thanks ror bellll 
m)' Criend- I hope you ca lch a Jeff lOOn' See 11 
Amy 
Ron and BoI.n- Good luck and 3 d'te" for Mol 
School overleas Ron. Love, Doris 

ell Nelaon- AU8Iup at.al n Neil . Good luc k ingrH 
acbool and wind, snow. s leet or rain Love DodO 
Tom M .-Pooh. Ralledy Ann .nd Tiger ...J 
alway. be with you in spirit H nOI in ralS and hit 
love Dori. 
He), Bill! Here It I.J! There It went! Hive a good 
.ummer, 

Barb Flannery·.fler , ye.ro 01 cafeteria. III 
dancel , dorm Intrlcuel , Mol BIO, Cell BiG, Paul 
Price, Blochem, deYelopmental , hunatr proje(i. 
apart IU4J and "younser men ." You can't reaJl~ 
mean to leave UI for Phoenix , Arizona or Monta'" 
- expecUna you here in San [Jle,onexl year. Lo\·f . 
Dodo 

Plul-no more acll to ~ildJ I will mi .. you-havel 
,ra nd ti me In Jolly En,land- Luv , ShaUl' 
To the GB: Would you like 10 .. out? From the WI 

Frtd8f, June I, 1m PULLOUT SECTION triton times PULLOUT .SECTION 

1977-78: a look back at the year 
FALL QUARTER 

The 1977-78 year was. as most of Its predecessors, a lively one 
for UCSD. Yet. for several reasons. the school year just past may 
have been a bit more exciting than others. 

First of all , a new government, the reincarnation of the AS. was 
just getting underway. In addition. over 20 students were arrested 
for refusing to leave Chancellor McElroy's office in a protest over 
Day Care Center funding . 

Then. of cou rae. there wu the usual array of weird. controversial 
and important events affttcting the lives of students. 

The Issues started flying before classes even met for the first 
time. as on Sept. 16. 1977. the UC Board of Regents voted 
overwhelmingly to reject a proposal that the university sell its 
stock Investments in companies active in aparthled South Africa. 

The Regents made their decision in a packed meeting room in 
Los Angeles, while about 1 00 students marched outside protesting 
UC's investment policies. 

As cluses start~ meeting in the last wee1< in September. 
campus attention was focused on two major issues: the challenge 
to UCSD abortion policies brought by three students in the 
summer. and the first meetings of the newly formed AS 
government • 

AbortIon chel ..... 
The abortion challenge was brought by Albin Rhomberg. Peggy 

Patton and Sussn Erzinger. who withheld their Registration FtU 
because part of the fees are used to fund abortions for UCSD 
students. 

The three students - all catholics who said the use of student 
money to fund abortions violated their religious beliefs - were 
refused admittance into UCSD until they paid their registration 
fees. 

In reaction . the three students brought suit in San Diego 
Superior Court. challenging the use of student fees for abortions. 
As of this month. the suit is still pending In court. 

The AS council held its first meeting of the new school year on 
Sept. 29. and confusion dogged the new government's actions. 
President Jeff Leifer said the govern ment just needed some time to 
establish itself and complained that the AS was being used as a 
"whipping post." 

During the AS's second meeting of 1977-78, AS Vice-president 
Mark Sindier emporarily resigned his post. saying school 
pressures made it Impossible to continue at his duties at that time. 

Meanwhile. a controversy over uses of reg fee funds made life 
interesting for both acting Vice-chancellor of Sfudent AHairs 
Howard Hunt and the Advisory Committee on Student Fee 
Programs. Former committee member Bert Lee charged Hunt with 
spending $107.000 of state funds that the committee had 
earmarked for ssvings. 

Ne.ded money 
Committee co-chair Rick Whitehill: the associate vice-

chancellor. replied to Lee's charges by saying Hunt's alloc8tions of 
the funds were "qui te appropriate." and were used to share up 
programs and services that needed th~ money. 

All through the Fall quarter. a handful of selected students. 
administrators and faculty members were meeting to recommend 
a person to take over for Hunt. who would wind up serving as 
acting Vice-chancellor for over one year. 

The Vice-chancellor of Student Affairs Search Committee. 
eventually recommended to Chancellor McElroy four candidates 
for the posit ion. with its highest marks going to an Ohio State vlce-
oresident named Richard Armitage. 

Saturday evening. Oct. 29. became a night for histOry. as a 
blackout hit the campus. The lights remained out for several hours 
and all forms of merriness and madness overtook students as thel( 
coped together. 

The feud over Hunt's allocation of the $1 07.000 exploded Nov. 3, 
as the student members of the adviSOry committee walked out of a 
committee meeting. to protest Hunt's actions. 

The students returned to the committee a week-and-a-half later. 
after requesting that Hunt refund $103.000 of the funds he 
allocated. The money was not refunded . 

(PI •••• lum to pag. B) 

text: 
Mark Stadler 

photos: 
Frank Guzzardo 
Stan Honda 
Richard Yokum 

'-t .. , Penon (left, and Albin "hom",,: two of "'e"',.. .tucMnll who ... MeI the challenge to 
UCID ebortlon poIlc .... 

Fell querter NW bettl. don •• t A.".II. campu •• 

BaaIIelbell pI.,.r Lee Brock." .. Ie. high for • • '.m dunk 19a1n.t 
..r1y ... eon oppoMnt. • 



WIN ER QUARTER 

Wln .. r ahowe,. kept .tuden .. ducking for cover. 

Winter: Rain, rain ... 
(Continued from page B) 

Several AS officials, including Leifer and Muir representative 
Kevin Eckery, did battle with the statewide UC administration for 
several weeks during Fall Quarter, as they tried to gain a reversal of 
a ruling that religious groups could no longer receive student 
funding. 

The battle was successful as, in early November, UC General 
Counsel reversed its original ruling. 

On Nov. 30, the Triton Times published a report documenting 
the misuses of student funds by AS external affairs commissioner 
Bob Drapeau, who used the money to rent expensive cars for 
transportation at Regents meetings. 

Drapeau did not deny the charges. A Finance Committee 
investigation promised by Sindler has not yet released any 
findings in the matter. 

McElroy accept. recommendation 
During the break between Fall and Winter quarters, McElroy 

announced he had accepted the recommendation of his Vice-
chancellor Search Committee and named Richard Armitage as the 
new Vice-chancellor of Student Affairs . 

At the beginning of Winter quarter, the attorney for the three 
students challenging campus abortion policies made an 
agreement with the university, allowing the students to enroll at 
UCSD. The students placed their Reg Fees in a trust, pending the 
result of the court case. 

On Jan. 20, the Regents voted to expand UC's special 
admissions program. The decision did not carry much magnitude, 
however, as the expansion only allowed 100 more students into the 
program. 

In late January and early February, a controversy involving the 
campus intern program gained public attention, as Hunt and 
McElroy met with three student leaders then decided to resume the 
program, which had been non-existent during Fall quarter. 

Hunt blamed the program's late start on lack of interest. The 
students blamed it on foot dragging by several Student Affairs 
officials, notably Assistant Vice-chancellor Tom Perago-Brown. 

CIA 
Also in February, the Triton Times came under some fire for 

printing two CIA recruitment ads. A group of 40 persons held a 
rally outside the newspaper office Feb. 14, protesting both the ads 
and CIA presence on college campuses. 

CIA involvement with universities gained additional attention in 
February, when the agency under the Freedom of Information Act 
released 800 pages of documents concerning its activities on UC 
campuses. 

The documents showed several close ties between the CIA and 
UC, including an agency tour of duty by one university vice-
president and the providing of classified information to scholars 
who did favors for the agency. 

The controversy over the Day Care Center started to surface 
March 10, when Chancellor McElroy released a letter authorizing 
an investigation nto the possibility of cutting day care costs by 
hiring a private company to run the campus center. 

In reaction, "00 persons occupied McElroy's office for several 
hours on March 10, in protest of the proposed plan. Twenty-five of 
the protestors hen marched to McElroy's house. The Chancellor 
was not at home. 

During Wint( r quarter, 11\1 a .ti -abortion movemenJ was picking 
up steam, and support, on other UC campuses. In addition to 
gaining 11 supporters at UCSD, 10 students at UC Davis and 
Berkeley jOinec, the movement by placing their reg fees in trusts in 
protest of their campuses' abortion pOlicies. 

No beer 
In April , the dreaded news came down for campus beer fans; the 

proposed campus Beer Pub would not be opened until next year. 
The snags involved building contracts and insurance. Howevor, 
several beer bashes helped assuage matters. 

Also in April , the great parking fee price scare came into being. 
The administration floated a proposal to double campus parking 
fees to fund construction of parking garages at UCSD-operated 
University Hospital. 

McElroy told enraged students there was no viable alternative to 
th is plan. Yet, by the end of April , McElroy reversed his stand, and 
fees remained the same. (Plea.e turn to page D) 

RIIlph Nllder came 10 campus and apoke to a a .. ndlng room only 
crowd In Uandevllie audltortum. 

Revelle .tuden .. did .Imoat anythlng on one winter day. 

Ba.ketball player Peler Volk wa. flattened by • punch ' rom." Azu .. Pacific pIIyer, during SpIrit 
Night II In the Main Gym. 

'SPRING QUARTER 

Gonzo writer Hunter Thompson .. Iked on campu •• 

Emotion I'IIn high when the Day eel'll Cen .... pined I'IIg fee funding. 

Chancellor McElroy met' with dey cal'll beckers, Ed Thelhelmer w.. off ageln, on again the AS 
than left, _wing hla office to them for 3 deya. election MIlot. 

Student. turned out In relative', la~ numbers to yo", 30 percent to be enct. 
) 

Pitcher Eile_ McGirt' rqularly mowed down opponent. of all 
t he UCSD women' oftball team. 



Spri g: all hell broke loose ... 
(COnlIn ..... fnNn A), 

!1ecUona 
Elections f~ nex y,,"s AS ~Itlons got under way In 

I, with cont eralel over violations of the AS 
E Ions Coct.. 

Two candldatea who ran a frank anti-AS campaign, 
prealdentlal hopt'lful Ed Thalheimer and his runnfng 
mate Dan Amos, were remove<: from the ballot for what 
election. commlsalonr Lori Dority termed repeated 
violation. of the code. 
, Thalheimer and Amos appealed the ruling to the AS 
Judicial Board, which reduced Dority'S penalty to 
suspenalon of campaigning privileges for several days. 

At the same time, Thlrd College students, faculty and 
staff were voting on what name they wanted for their 
college. In the final balloting, the name Third won by an 
overwhelming margin over the second choice, Martin 
Luther King. 

In the flrat round of AS elections, 30 percent of the 
students turned out to vote and expresaed almoat equal 
support for ' presidential candidates Gary Moser and 
John Jenkel. 

As students were voting, the Advisory Committee 
on Student Fee Programs voted to reject a request to 
continue a $25,000 subsidy for the Day Care Center. 

I n the next week after the fi rat AS elections, 18 percent 
of the students went to the polls again and elected 

enkel, b a53 rcentt047percentmar in. In addition, 

Jenkel's vice-presidential running mate Ann Carberry 
was elected with 80 percent of the vote. D., cere aupporterI 
The same day students elected Jenkel, 100 persons 

took over McElroy's office after the Chancellor walked 
out of a day care discu .. lon with them and did not 
return. 'Also tha' afternoon, the adviSOry committee 
refused to reconsider their rejection of the day care 
funding requeat. 

After three days and two nights In McElroy's office, the 
demonstrators were given a warning - vacate the office 
or face arrea... Twenty-one of the protestora, all 
students, stayed In the office and were arrested by 
campus police and taken to county Jail in handcuffs, 
while 500 persons watched at lhe administration 
complex. ' 

The 21 students were processed through the jail and 
released on ball by the next morning. 

Three days after ihe arrests too place, the protestors 
got their wishes 88 the advisory committee voted to 
again give a $25,000 reg fee subsidy to the Day Care 
Center. 

Just last week, students received some bad .news as 
the advisory committee recommended to McElroy that 
students pay a $3&4 annual reg fee next year. This fee is 

FrtcIey, June I, 11" 

up from $380 thla year and 5375 next year. } 
Finally, as of this week, the United States Supreme 

Court atlll had not ruled on the case that la probably of 
most Interest to studenta, and the nation at large - the 
Bakke chllilenge to speelal admlulona pol icies. 

. ,.. ................ .,. 
As for entertainment and enllgfttenment, the lIat of 

apeakers on campua this year WII Impi_lve. 
Polltlcla"s came In the form of California's Lieutenant-
governor Mervyn Dymally, former Congresswoman 
Bella Abzug, former California "Pat" Brown, "anti-
politician" Howard Jarvis and former Congressman 
Julian Bond. , 

There were alao those "cause" apeakers, which , 
Included among others Daniel Elisberg for the "no-
nukes", Robert Rosenberg-Meeropol for the "reopening 
of Justice" for the death penalty sentence for hla parents, 
Dennis Banks on the plight of the Native Americans and 
Mr. Consumer Advocate Ralph Nader promoting 
CaIPIRG. 

Emmett Ashford related his trials as being the flrat 
black umpire In the major leagues, Hollywood director 
and Regenta' lecturer Joseph Strick said he'd "rather do 
It my way", Pulitzer cartoonist Paul Conrad showed his 
wares in Mandeville and L!nus Pauling, Nobel award 
winning scientlat, did his thing at a science conference. 

Thurgood Marshall keynoted Warren College's 
christening, and a gonzo artist named Hunter 
Thom son ranted and raved in Revelle's cefeterla.· 

A Year's Headlines e A ~ r's Headlines 
Shelter from the stQrm? Not here 'lIee 
Volk consider$Research _ott ne~' teS~cafb8r~ 
legal reCOllrO & 'lI\\\ ' run , eS 'If\\h\n '1~n~~ ~/o '4o\e 
CS" .. - _. \ "Aose~__ ' o'Cand\d~tca\\'\RG 'If ' 

• 

r.Jen\(e , ~~~ .. "time 1'1f 'Of '1\" 1 
, _~.L.e 10 the making'! $\\'4 a I", " ne\\etS lons" 

Abortion co-:-troversy on cam~t'\o~~ c"atn~ader 
"I must deCide now th· g n tl CitYCou";'s turn back nude b! I~ " warren daal~ate v~t~ tlllor jy, , Ohio State VP ~kncl/ O/( hSollege has set 'Th,rd ask Day 'al~-'lt eke/ 19h standards" ·fo .. 

St ' , Care bac/CO{meet(1}9 ' qUits; c-;:" 95 can 'he 
IAUdents hit TT' ers OCCU - ~t~~"nd\ng flc 

reCr.':A_- S pY NlcEI -Clndb()y 
The UC library plan: 9U5 '.~ e p.- :roy'~ Of~' 
Books to depart in 8~ ca~ tece'" B.lackout ' . IC!-
Proposal has become lJC policy " "" nO ~\e hits UCSD . ' al 
will be used to obtain funds from sb.L~ dO\)\6 Papers reve C 
lawsuit 'teeS tl\CI"'osp\\a\ plan CIA ties t,Il ~~, pa(\{\n~ou\d go tot kers arre!'Q~~"'!. 
\ncrease . . aC . ' . o . ~ ,to -
~fr~e beer lures 1500 \-\btar1 \ba\\ COU~!\ '\~, ~ 
-S' 0 uaent Center tacQu:nol EXtr._lf\O~,,~an ~ ~'. f, 

axon Wat"AIft ,," "a\,o';~ed,~m· ab~get~~ ~ 9--~ \ob8 8 f ISUsed, •• ,\ ~Q • 
ASUCSD ~eep replies t'! cnarges Whitet,ill di ,ChargeS ~ •• : 
No usurptlon of povIer Intended boisterf!d k~ SitJs ~'iP ~,' 

Sindler gives II tem~rary resignation" Zionism rwces iIIJd ~'l$ 
.. . ... . ,. .. , ., .. 

triton times p .... 

ame again: Goodbye Personals 
, Laura-With lO ch an up. down year, I'm 
you two made It tJuu topIJIer1 Hl ppiae • 

I Lov •• Shauna 
b ,arNa,·k- ·MI,y ... r friendabip never.ad! Vou.re 

penon- peace 6: love, The She 

81 58 HI Chevelle M.a: I .IU be •• w., 
• •• Il.nUy to one day ,... with u oa rte 1. Love" 

my brolbon ...... len: may tile lord _ 
keep you thru the •• mmer. A, apo. Gr.ot 

II~~~~:::: Sweellel- Great roomie. Clbear , • GI. hear. wlU mba y ... aU. Love. 
. (; ... ~bye-I~.v J C J_ H.rn. SedoNa, Robyn, 

O. Cindy H. Doom. Shanll!. Sbarie. Shari. 
Shirley S. MV IIv. oIIIen J .. irl quiet .torm 

Dian., Porter. Elmo. Jot'Ie. M.rt.I. 
Lov • • J.dl 

G • Ralph G - So 10.., my fifte frielldol 
and Love-Shauna 

th e TT . ta !!: Tb a nk. for a ,ood job! 
CulVe rinl K.~nl 'T.... been ... al !Un. 

.i"'we ."M8..-e~_"" 
1.'IIC~oG.,,,,, ..... Mve ....., lallJeoJI_II_ , 

f ... lllel4*. ll ...... _1_ . 10101 .... 11 
100II 0'. I 'U be .. ...,.,iII,1IIe _ I .... 
-Whe ... the _I bocne. boop. _ .. 
m ixed and will neve r be bonered-Klrt 

Macho, Pee aod Ape-man. Hope y~ 
lillY' ihav,e a ,reat . ummer. Stay weil and bocool. E I 

we appreciate you a1l your work and 
_ 'lne,,,n. You' re an In.ap lraUon! Th a nx your 

10 all my Commrade. in c rime at UCSD 
. 'YO ,.nM to 1001: (or more crimeal UCSB.Sue. Krla , 

Coc k and ro ll , J love yo u , S kye 
~avl 'd-·Vou, · v. belped make thll yr a . poelal one In 

You 're lomeone.pec1a I [ 'U a lway. care (or . 
you" be with you always . See yOU neltl 

Love Arleta 
Hall - thankl! I'll always remember the 
th.11 made this year so I reaL. J wlah only the 
life tor all of )'ou . God Bless you alway • . 

haveD't been w ri lten to exprell!l 
(or you' Take care II bave a fun , ummer. 
my (riends I love you • always will. Love 

he left in the ulumn there came over the 
deep despair. It IHLed (or a moment in mid 
and wal di spersed forever by the J une su n 
I always wanted a freak for a roommate . J1 
! BUena Suerte In New Hampshiret Arlene 
know It ', a bit late, but would you like to 10 

r a wild and cr a zy time ? Patrick 
':""no_'r,,"a nerd on the surlace , l 'mlladyou'rea 

he .. rt . Can you flcceptlht" See Y8 In LA-

4t Ally you' re the ire8lelt! Thanx (or 
roomies . Hope loodbye la not 'orever- I' II 

: I will miss your bionic wane . So that 
Jaim le Summn. Let's ael tOile ther 

"a,'o"ear"" for an Dray. Doctor DemenlO and 
Linda will 10iR us, Music will be !lun. by 
Modal Rounden. Thenx, for a vel")' 

school year at UCSD Love you- Mesa 

. Than. for makin. my yea r .0 lpecial. I'm 
It had to end but at lealt It ended at a time 
v.e can both move on. I'll a lway. love yoo 

differentl y now). S... yoo a round LS 
i. far a way , doinllhinas to sheep, He' ll 

and do aomethlne to you, If you don'l.lo to 

Hoppy .. mmer to my Bea,le B.nny Buddies: I 'U 
milo y ... lota!! I 'll mil. y ... too Krilti. Lon LeI>. 
NC 
Good Ba .... to ... r friendul Bea,le Hall. W.'II ... 
yo u next bit. Love Ly nn e aad Ern ie !!! ! 
To our lnleDlie CUM German achoaara: thanx. for 
helpln, .. throup 00' fre.hma n year It dld Ibo IriI 
Con,rata to Stad ler, Armaa , Charlot , Grady , 
R..-U. N .... DPOt, .nd .11 my otber .... dwotm, f __ Harris 
Deeplloll f_er! Bru ... . Mike, Rlcbard. N.dl"". 
AadrIa, Laur!. Thaw fo, a . ..... t waterpolo_ ...... 
4M ... : Hore ·. the final 'hi . _ . y ... ·U .. e r pt. 
Sniff. Hawe fUft at Hayward. You wen a l reat ra! 
Karl. J eff, . nd ... D .... (_ cou ld I for"lyOll) : Ed, 
DIIlt. alienee. You lUYlOr ..... Ini--AnducIy! !!I 
Cbrliliae. Do I clare oay lIIank you lora boauUf.115 
weeki? I I.hln..k I will (don't ~l mad) . Love Dive 
Denloe - .lthoui/Iy ... ofall~e_howtrym, 
we aU can be you have been al tolerent 8. poasibte 
with a ll of WI, el pecially me. thank·you for all of 
yoor help. Look I ty_t thll my.eU with on ly one 
error. Love me. And al.c everyone e lH. 
To all my frleada: I wlilmlaayoudearly.nd •• ·U.1l 
be totether .,.In someday. I love you-C. rln 
Prat What am 1 ..,1 .. 10 do wllbout y ... ? V ... · re 
certainly one in • 1D1IIioIa! Don't we mate a cute 
couple? 11lIt"e lhlnkao. Tban. for a ll- I'msul"eYou 
undentand. I'U mba you mucho - FrI .... alwa y. 
- Lov • • MB 
UCSD iI 100ID, Ig , re.teat auet - me! Give up . U 
hope a nd leave white you JliII can. 
Marcoe-Porque I. vac.baba? III a IpeWnc Nie. 
Mervy.'. forever. Con Amor Sr. G.ry. Poco y 
JUI. ar Meldar, 

M~rtha-Uke aU ,ood Ibm,. tIIi . one bep. and 
e nded with. loa • . Te ree uerdo . Fran k 
A.ylum-you ",y. made Ibo ye. r ..... t-ev.n If 
you all a re crazy e~h lor Africa , YkoriJ Knare. 
Twilted Madonna : I'll lee you in LA! AIao, look 
eLlewbere In t.hiJ paper for a more impres.ive 
fa rewel l-H. 
To my alma.t.suite mate., Rajc, K, K have a a rea t 
aummer . Sere you back. in the m.p: month of 
Seplembor. 
Pam HenIOn! Happy Gradua tio n! I am Jazzed for 
yOU! LotI 01 love! " Thew " 
Comm, IOOII! The . nnual BOlimemouth m.rdera 
fall'! Spa..-ed by Ibo Royal Feu Society. brlnl 
your axea! 
Siboliu. I • •• prem.ly hoTh .. . hll m • • 1c 1UCka. he 
really bite. the bl, one. by one who koow. Ibo 
tNth! ! 
Joe: What will I doil you' re DOt in any 01 my clauet 
i n Sep t. I ' ll be heartbro ke n . Lo v e , Le8 ' 
TT: Youve been a harsh mialrell these patl three 
yea n . A. of tod ay I 'm free a t laat, free at last. 
Trllon Tim .. SUlff: be pro.d of th. job you dld thia 
y • • r . You should bo. lflbo lChooidoes. ·tth ank you. 
J wiU. Your boa (and now U~boal) . 
Ma rl&: : You brou.ht me into the foldtbreeyearaa, o. 
J don't know now whether to thank you or curw you , 
I ,uea. tbo belt thin, I can l.1y Is , ood luck . There 
ba ve been lo t s of meani n,ful tlmea . Let ' a 
remember them . Alan 
Laura: You were there in those da rt days of 
September, a nd you made them li&ht The year, 
wi th all II lea mlnc , has proved one thine - it ', 
e.Ued love . 
Babe no. I: For aU the houn spent 011 Calculus. 
10lie, proofreadlne and carine for Ule li ttle e"irl inT· 
shirt and IYm aoorts who couldn'l '0 to the beach- I 
tha n k you . My love alwaY I , Babe no . 2 
.Mark-what will the paper ever do without you? I 'm 
not urt~·· but I'm lookina fo·rward to Hndine ouL 
Really we 'll all miss you, Take ca re-my beAt 
alway.·Lynn. 
Strawberry kid, bLueberries a re the best. But I . tlil 
love you , want "'00 , need you .. PKK Bye love GTO 
BaIlY Pants· I will never know whatI 'msearchjn& 
fo,. Will you? REB 
Shauna: WE will never foraet those 4;30 mominal 
81 the prlnten even I( everybody elae doe . Thank 
God it 's all over Don't blame me too much (or 
h.irin, you , A Ian 
Ly and friendJ:: I'm for real , J cant even belfeve how 
stoned J am. and happy . havlng J ' II millyoul KOW 
To the celhlll players Arsenio Sue Tyler and Sarah 
thanks: for a ll the fun. frien da hip 10vealway.S har 
Woy: Th. RP. " W.WahMopafA·. may erode. but 
t hrust 1081'1 from here J carT)' your aupport al I 
bave throulh snow 4r bel ch Wherever yoo play 
f'rlab006:1 pou t , you 're nowen are there. As J 
retrace the s tepa tD Exeter. you Increase the pace 
paJltSSW. BO aays lua price l h. v.lO pay. Alvy .1 
are jUlt .. ilears away, Milt J , 
U ltle Vic: Throlllh hlah tim .. " low IImes. lood" 
bad Ume. , partl ... day. a t Blacks . bus ride. to 
yOlUrt affair . you ·vo been my cl ..... t friend . Enjoy 
UCSB and may your day. be filled with ,ClOd ruc .... 
Kit ty 
To . specl.1 P . ... manl • • : Tha llJl for aetina me thru 
th ree yeara love you a lw a y.! Tiny Da ncer 
Brook:ie, Itll a ll in t be water. J loll" you. Nav 
Cindy. S.brIna: I. yean from now w.1I meet for a 
reunion .1 Sheldolll and ... member dlnaer pertl ... 
ba ·. , spinach . oat . • " htllv., the ... cbwonn .... llab. 
ruaby team. _ .. n . queueIlU ••• ponc:ake. " 
candy. E.lu. burned bUIll. the amell, Marty'. 
yellow . tuf(. trick or trut. tequilla. and a photooU. 
0 ' 1. You are the belt roommate. and frienda one 
could hav • . Much love. KO Sperlde. 
Michele, _hat can J N Y? You' re the woman of a 
uteUme. I'm . oI nc to mia. you more than t can aay 
P .s . 1 . .. ·tmlu yooatall lf you letmemov.lnlltxi 
year , bint , hJnt. Palrtcio 
A.M. B .. Good luck In law ocbool. Don't let three 
ye l rl fade a way . k eep i n tou c h. S . L . C. 
Kevin and Steve T.: To a coup" 01 lreat IUYI a nd. 
enat roommate •. Thanks for . load year. Steve C. 
Ron-we made it for . yea n . You ' re I .reat 
r o ommate . Good lu c k nex t ye. r . Sp i k e 
Mr. Science (S. k.bo) , loti of fun th ll yT! Hv f.n In 
dnru. Remember fear and loath in, I t 151 - Oak. 
CJM - G ..... 10 have yo. back when I need y .... 
Stay cl_ by. Love Maoayukl 
Tri ton F&opa, to a w:am with a lot. of piril, bave a 
,reat aummel'. Love, coach 
8eachwalker , don't be l urpriled If you her from me. 
you r a l reat buddy, See you AP 
eM (the Pirate): Backaammon , kahlua , widlOm , 
son, s, fun , l ucce. F or everylhln&. Tha nx , 
Alway •• AP 
kevin Nunan-Remembe.rwhat Mlchelesald What 
I he aai d II true , an d .an under talemen\ 
Kevi n Nu nan - You practice your admitted 
pervenlon 10 openly. You really lhould control 
yourself 
Karen W - H ave a.ood ummer and kPep pI BYIrl8 
your oboe 8rian 

A.ylum~.u rvlved a nother )'ear' Su k m upforne.t 
ye ar Take c8re~ Iuchers oac h enoj f'feJ 
Richard ~ R nie. I hate to Set . uch ,rent rrifond 
tei;lvehere Dankin'swillbe hurtm. w/o you ·Jdfrer 
In-Once I In y ... ·ve made thl. )'ea r what ,n 

been I hope ,,'e ha!;t 1Omf. free thne to ether 
J.((re~ 
l"lIrol- ltc)' Kid ' I'm to Illid)'Ola 'II' re at th 8 1, U 
thl yr Bul don 'trome hon\elhl ummpr Ilda hve 
to de n Lhe bathroom I love you' your I tfr 
RomH h ... ka for a wopderful ye , See you durl .. 
the l ummer Lo\'e you - Tom 

RookJe , mmelH me W I IUJ'T\lne r. We ' vetot • lot to 
lee and do In thI. world. I'm aU youn. VobeNtan 
G-,. to Ibo __ , brown . yed be • •• y I've 
... , kmw • . Let ' •• tudy ... ethor .,a" (Wlllkl. 
Love J .C. 
RCC: Have f.n with Ibo peacbel thla . ummer. I' ll 
mlu yoo mucha. Love )la Hon, SJB 
Goodby. to th. A.yl.m (J.ff D.v. Carl Pa. 1 Bob 
Yn nk J.mea BrookJ and Joe. Thanu for a , ,,,at 
y •• r-<; 
PhlI- I 'm not upoet anymore-CoI.mbll ia ,.,tUnc 
a fine i nd i v i du al! Lov t · the TT ad penon 
Lynn-the TT 1I10rtunate to bave you on the.t.af(-
I know you will do well next year- Love, Shauna 
To Ibo 1T- Vou'", not .. tun, older. you· ... ,.,U1nc 
better! I will mila W . pI,ace-SS 
ByeA,..02lO/ 1C1 Suite Adioo 1IonI" . Squeeur. Blow 
Dry Bob Relal Hoa . Lot Slalll .... Moo Larry. Skip 
Woltman 
Sibyl CY Puker 5aoM IID't alii!'. whipped up to be 
blooclllUta than'" for baunt.ecl H. Roclly HOlTor 
Wolfman 
Ernie: lhan ... phone ' mas. no 5aoM WHP. CbaD 
Bye Pal O. mond BNCe The Aikido Se,.. Nan fun In 
A .... nWoIfman 
RZOZ: Deaire. 1O hili yoo aearcb the 1181'1 _ me 
c.U me f do maintenance love 10 Upt f ..... 
Wolfman 
Robyn: it hUN. Want to come home lull m oon 
auide. em~acement oflUn , moon • • tart. Feel my 
tllolJlbu JJ 
Teoa Bill lOrry you saw SI..M Rocky Horror. Gay .. 
UCSO better nex t Ume bee r! Play IraOlpooiUooal 
Wol[man 
Alan-I bid an .nth .. I • • Uc adieu to a ll .trlke . nd 
. U ..... lon and a Iovl", hello 10 a ll Ibo qll8 UUea 
which bind my hea rt tDyou. To my lover, the Futu re 
Melville, Happy Gradua tion. 
To Eleny. Corazonde Bruli. I wlU mi. you I reaUy . 
May your dreamt never eDd. Love Anne Marie 
Jason: A nother yr , a nothtrSl .OI aeeya nut [all a nd 
remember your " brn IUit" Oak lSJ 
Mary Jo: Hot lluff a t DMO hav. fun at SB· ... me.p 
wI lOme FoUl , et tubed. Oak 
EK and ·Meron'. Tbanx for tho bat UmeIBt 'Bacardl 
bouse" tee ya back at the ranch. Sayonara Oat 
Dear Cbildl. h. I h_ you enjoy your lint job this 
summer. Have youuelf a aood vacation. Set you, 
8 ... r 
Dear B.W.: Heppy 13 and Happy 20. Than'" fo r a 
areat yer. Boy do you dea:prve: conar"tulaUona! 
Love, PL 
Pam . Ha ppl"". II bavl", 8 friend IIk.y .... l'lIml .. 
you. Linda 
Goodby. Judy Beth-I 'm I lad to have been friends 
t hese 2 yean have a &ood time eearchin& the far 
reaches of the world U wi.h I could 10 too) keep In 
toucb- Maybe we ca n 8tt toaether In the future-
Redely 
BBB'.-Alwaya rem ember a bia buttatbat il worth 
two hummer. at home aood luck can. . Love, 
Schwubs 
Rainy. (( I had 10 do It all over a,aln. I'd do II witll 
you ... bu t with marearlt as not lucklea! Lo v e . 
Schwubl 
Jane " Aim Than for 8 (reat y.ar . ,ood time. · 
beach bbqa , VI I , ou r pa rtlea , their parties, 
maulla n. Ibo wall . eaUna. PPB . AM C • • UTC! 
We' ll misl you next year. Have a Ireat Europe 71. 
Love Deb " Cindi. 
Cindy: You 're up &: down emotionally (but you ' ve 
alway. ~n a 100<1 friend. Hope to Jee you 
sometime. Love, Ma rk 
Steve G: I'm Jealous as hell. Have run in San 
Clemente, as Star City Hall hack reporter Ma rk 
Pa.1 W: Good luck in Jolly old Enlland. Send me 
lOme pretty po.tcardJ, please, Your ,DOd buddy, 
M 'k 

Sha una: A, aln. not eondbye. bul _ you in Ibo 
fut ure. From one alum to anotMr Love, Mart. 
To tile , ood prol • . Andy Wrlpt, Steve Cox . Sam 
PopkID: Why .re Ibore .. fe",olyou ' Mork Stadler 
Alan: You made I~ We made IU See you In PB. 
M. rt 
To the'M': you've bHn lood tomefor4yura. Carry 
00. Ma rk. 
Peter V.- Ny man for aU ......... 

Deke E: Knocll . m dead atSC, DE tile EE. And let' 
have a few pre-partie.", Ibo luI.re. loiS the MUSE 
n' ItaU: Goodbye. 800d luck. r.,...!he-well .. you 
li ke t he TT to e ven g reater he lahtl. Ma rk . 
My aweetie Marlene: You're a round whea I want 
you, you' ~around when I need you, you're my belt 
friend . Vou 've helped me .. t throu,h the nlpt 
(a"cn day. Wha.t more can [ &8Y' AU my love, and 
. nylblnc .1Ie y ... mI' hI wa. l, M.rt. 
Hey Edl..al, no Mmea! Hope you have your maUrell 
chained to you r bed. It wa. much fun. Love, 
Fro,I ... 
J ohn, It wal l reat fun thi' yer. Hope to lee you in 
F ri.eo th ll summer , Love you much , T ina 
To my Mouae Man In 303: You' re luch •• pec:lal 
penon. I 'll ml .. Y'" " your aboulder (. ) m.cho 
K .. p In touch. Love, MB 
To Anne W: what doe. P.ri. have that UCSD 
doean 't? Jt just won' , be tM same w l O you ILU! 
Chuck 
Tuty~It.em: I'm ,oin, to mJ ... you thil lummer. 
Do .hat yoor , randma tell. alld I'll ... yoo ·in 
A . .... t 
Good-bye Li Dda Feirahob.! It'. been a ,-reat year-
H,ave fun in Israet We lovlYoul AI, Linda , . Kathy 
Dave-two ye •. n AI roommates and we haven't 
.... cked yet. Wonder what wlU happen 10 .. in D.C.! 
Good luell. Your Friend-Larry 
RocIdi. Robin, yoo 're a blue eyed beauty. Hold me 
back! Good luck (In holdl .. me back) Lov • • 
P.trlck 
My O.rll .. Roomies: It II only fitt1a& that I .. y 
loodbYe thiI way . You will be misoed IOIII! Lo'., 
Carin 
Groov. Tubel'l: Ken, Stan. Tert, Tom, K.J ., Jobn, 
Collette, thank.a for the trip to Davia. 8ennucd'l 
Forever 
Wanted-Two male e unch'lO oWdate at the Tom 
Roborn M. morill Clamha t. • . Inq.lre .t Me .. _ 
C 
To IlIe HaIr and the J.w.l : My blood bro and SI.-
from Y ... rth CoII., e: yoo Uabl .p my life! ' S 
Brad: Thanks ror a l re.t year. And for Rocky aDd 
my birthday. P .S. Wa nt some rool.beer? Lovt. Me 
To Ibo Hair and the Jew.t My blood people. I love 
you both-your the belt, , reatHt two people J know 
S 

MS Sawyer I'm ",aUy ,bd I , 01 to know you tbia 
year I' ll alway. remember you. • It.J:·wrUt maybe 
Il0l102 but YH you-Good friend. a ... al .... _ 
to glk 10' T.ke care of youraeU • Ou. Keep in 
touc1J.M.rybeIII 
JJ--5cr.1ch oIf one more yeaI'! Couldn 'thavemade 
1I. wl o you. Point re)'L ia I mUll! Love alwlyl, 
ClndyLoo 
Reen. AI, . LaiJl-(;ood luck nut ye .. klddoeI f'm 
10M. mIaa y ... aU Be aure 10 vll~ lOU. Love yo. 
Cyn 
Mike W·We may never pa .. thia w.y .. ala, bul If "" 
do, II _ '1 malter If Ibo tnip i who rode away 
InlO the . ....... ret ........ We're • chocolate meu 
anyway. Love alway • . yoor AUSGEZEfCHNET 
lemon drop 1tId. 
Sotooa to you I lOy hello. not IOOdby • . I'm 10 , lad 
you' re here. f ' Ye wal~d lOloDl I.e. 'l have woaderfuJ 
time. uwealwayahavebad " MYlunl.here" J love 
you 10 Vtry much. AlIklin, 
D.vld-YOll ' re auch •• weethean-It'. beea a fun S 
y • • n , with aoIlbaU, bball. 1T -etc. Mucb Lov~ 
Sbauna 
Karen. Can you believe it? It'. over' Love, your 
Carty Bear. 
lam , olna 10 rnJuyou Shirley. Keepworklnaoe tho 
IONES I willaurely lee you alaiD. Much Iove, PAR 
Helneken helped but I .... rwould haVtll8yed .ane 
wltboul your help. Tban ... Mac, Gall, J o, 8eciIY. 
Kille 
Chria Rep Parkeratein j Ult you. me . nd clauic.a· 
arter Granola, cl.ltlcal ,n J hope you'll be happy 
nexl yea,·I·U mil. yoo. I 'U think of runlOn that 
m"ht have been ObooxloUi Demo. 
Karin, ancy, OeM- beware of cktned roomieJ. 
LoU of luet and love Turt~ Dun, to thole wlto 
don ' t write 
Rick- Try DOt 10 ltan.la Internat ionallCanclal with 
lhe qu .. n. Be .. 01 luck in Ibo UK. Love y .... _y 
Puddlea-Iloved Friday Nll ht F ..... lbo Valencia 
Hotel and you. I 'm lOrry it had to hurt . Tiny Dancer 
Alex , Bob, Jim: To three of the mo.t suav" 
-.Jr. lortloou.. • friendly (11)'1 .t UCSD. 
You're 80 much fun , have a lreat ti.rnt DHt yur· 
don' t JWdy too much·it' • .DOl eood for you! ! Taft 
Ca .... M arybeth 
Shauna: You're the best! Don't be a Itran~r neJlt 
year- we ca.n have lunch on my expeDH account. 
Cheen. Harry! 
Shilluna : Tbanx (or ill lI the help , s m ile I aad 
evtryUUnl you 've l iven me over the put year It', 
.oinI to tat.. bolb Harry and 110 take yoor pia .... I 
hope we mate it ! Talle ca re·,ood lu c k ·and 
remember u. li tt le p~ o p le Al wa Yl , Ly nn 
Goodb~. Will: some will I'I\ISS yOll Most will ..... 
Goon Platooa, Ufe at%722 bas been ,reat Let ' l do It 
alain someume The little: Red Finl. 
KriIIi-QQ Babes thanks fo, makinl UCSD moll! 
bearable ,oina to m l you next yea r I n NY . Love, 
BKS 

......... ~ ....... ~ •........... ~ ............. ~ 

Senior Link Results 
The following is a rellised list of Senior Link respondents. If you are planning to attend any of the 
institutions named below, co~tact those indillidua/s listed. Questions? Call 452·4450. 

Tom Stelmach - 583-87119 
Los Angeles (UCLA) 

Reddy Blgo, - 452-3031 
Dallas (ll of Texas Med) 

Chl'lltoph ... Oauger - 27':'3218 
Ch icago (John Marshall Law) 

"ark Sted .... - 274-3459 
San Diego 

DenIM C .. rtt - 214-1348 
San Diego 

OM'" Kamhla - 453-15117 
Columbus (Ohio State) 

AM Krieg - 270-5481 
Cupertino, CA 

S .... ThomIon - 455-0125 
Cleveland (Case) 

Rarmand Kong - 411-1. 
San Jose (San Jose St'te) 

Fmtk "cConnedI - 481-1101 
aalv .. ton (U of Tex .. 'Med) 

Merton Curttl - 27~32U 
Baltimore (Johns Hopkins U) 

Brian lolow - 755-1207 
Valhalla (New York Mad) 

Tert loIodMcII - 270-_ 
Terre Haute (Indiana State) 

Warren 1hcIl- 412-3821 
Providence (Brown U) 

Stewen Simon - 455-8219 
Irv lne~ 

.... Inda Itt - 448-87111 
San' Dlego (UC) 

L .... limon - 411-11172 
San Francisco 

Wendy Prleet - 753-1099 
Hood River (Oregon) 

SuHft Cohen - 753-eOH 
Boston 

Relph Orun_ .. d - 453-111118 
Washington D.C. (G.W.U.) 

Oln-V_ Chu - 2n-3774 
Los Angeles (UCLA) 

DIft EINn - 411 -1040 
LOl Angel .. (USC) 

Annemart. 0_, - 277-3340 
,Missoula (U of Montana) 

.. lchaal Hertzberg - 481-0872 
Durham, N. Carolina (Drake) 

Chert .. Hyde - 455-0371 
Boston (MIT) 

Edward .. ay - 222-7112 
San Diego (SO State) 

Solomon Fl1edberg - 272-11376 
Chicago (U of Chicago) 

Judy Vamaga.. - 452-8546 
Berkeley (UC) 

Philip Ferrart - 481-1383 
Barcelona (U of Barcelona) 

Robin Towne - 1122-"73 
Chariottsville (U of Virginia) 

Bill Rampone - 452-0321 
Galveston (U of Texas Med) 

Thalia An .... 01 - 481-1373 
Stanford U 

Richard KaufmaM - x4723 
Portland 

D8YId Hom - 211-13211 
Rochester. NY 

Larry R .. d - 411-11751 
Los Angeles (UCLA) 

DMI.:. Hertz - 411-1554 
LOl Angeles (UCLA) 

Ellen F ..... - 753-1310 
Cardiff, CA 

PhIlp II8IIC - 411-1017 
New York, NY (Columbia) 

S .... McGirr - 222-5015 
Houston (Baylor Med) 

Dorta Jonee - 272-115' 
Santa Barbara (UCSB) 

John F,.rtcb - 453-7013 
Los Angeles (U CLA) 

Don Edberg - 453-77. 
Stanford (Stanford U) 

Lynn SIIY ... - 452·0415 
Los Angeles (USC or UCLA) 

L .. ,.I Sherlden - 5H-132e 
San Francisco (SF State) 

H...., SeIz - 453-407S 
Davis (UC) 

Dick HUlln8 - 45 .. 1125 
Sf Louis (Washlngtl)n U Dental) 

Anne Ellube Simon - 453-"078 
Bloomington (Indiana U) 

Gary Halma - ".1-8750 
San Diego (UC Med) 

Dawtd A. Sch"aldl - 271 -7a2 .. 
Eugene (U of Oregon) 

Aprtl " 'chell.Hogue - 171-1348 
Arlington. Virginia 

JiIff,.y D. Shapiro - 453-5257 
Chicago (Chicago Med) 

Elaine ... Adachi - 453·1523 

Sara Lowen - 453-8009 
Berkeley, CA 

John A.. Hlldebrllnd - .. 53-1522 
Palo Alto (Stanford U) 

John Hemllton - 5111-51120 
San Francisco (UC) 

Robin Rone! - 273-182. 
San Diego 

Brian 0 .... - 453-2103 
Berkeley (UC) 

Andy"OOI'e - 755-7725 
San Francisco 

Sa" y ....... - 431-1013 
Davis (UC) or 
Los Angeles (UCLA) 

Barbara Thornburgh - 452-0183 
San Francisco 

- (Stanford U or UC Berkeley) 
PIlUI Kobrin - .. 53-7101 

Berkeley (UC) 
I~ Reinecke - 453-3710 

San Diego (SDSU) 
, .... canon - .... 2072 

Berkeley (UC) 
Ronald L.aecoe - 780-58M 

Philadelph ia (U of Penn Dental 
8uAn Joh_ - "'1 -2247 

Evanston (Northwestern) 
Rob Com - 453-1_ 

Berkeley (UC) 
Larry Harrl' - 453-65 .. 8 

Chicago (U of Chicago) 
LMry Lamden - .. 5 ..... 1 .. 

Boston (Harvard) 
Jerry MI .... - 452-8031 

Berk"!ley (UC) 
Paul Kllz - 452-18111 

Bo tc'n (Boston U) 
... re J . Lefbf - 453-9238 

Stock 'on (U of Pacific) 
Nell Nel""" - .. 53-7105 

Madison (U of Wisconsin) 
a'ev_ "'., "unon - 2 /4-1431 

San Francisco 
(Cal College of Podiatric Mad) 

Sue Linzey - 4111 -1381 
Palo Allo (Stan lord) 

Barry C.rtton - ...... 002 .. 
Los Angeles (UC) 

Julie Coakley - 4I1-08S3 
Los Angeles (Loyola Law) 

"obeft Hout - 4A-11t3 
Irvine UC 

. ...................... ~ ..................... ~ 



Kevin Morning 
by KaTeD Hunter 

S&a.ff Writer 
"I love to run. If I didn't do it I would 

go nuta here." Thne are the words of 
the Triton Times UCSD Athlete of the 
Year. Kevin Morninl. This is Quite a 
different picture from the day Morning 
arrived on campus three- years ago. 

As a freshman from Pasadena High 
School, where he long jumped and ran 
relays, Mo~ had no intention of 
running competitively at UCSD. " I had 
three scholarsbip offers before I came 
here. I wanted to take a rest after high 
school. However, I soon found that I 
really missed running." 

Morning came back in winoin, style. 
In his three years of competitlon for 
UCSD he made fine showings in dual, as 
well as district, meets. For lhe past two 
seasons MornlD. has won the NAJA 
District III title 10 his events. Last year 
he went to the nationals for the 400 
meter event, this year it was for the 200. 
He qualified by runnin, a 21 .3 against a 
tough field at the distnct meet. 

The Triton Times UCSD Athlete of tbe 
Year Award is awarded to tbe atblete 
who bas most contributed to tbe 
excellence of UCSD athletics, as 
determined by tbe sports department of 
the Triton Times on the basis of season 
performances and records. 

Although he never placed highly in 
nationals, Morning was satisfied with 
his performances. "I felt that I did well 
for myself. This year there were 54 
entrants in the 200 meters. It was a real 
tough field but I ranked about 22nd." 

I fbas been said tbat Kevin Morning is 
the UCSD track team. Mornir.~ agrees. 
" I do many events but I don t have a 
favorite . I'm not spectacular in anyone 
event. Instead, I'm good at a couple." 

Morning says he hasn't worked out 
with the UCSD track team all year. " I 
usually workout for two-to three hours a 
day. Arnie Robinson (the Olympic long 
Jumper) is helping me with my long 
Jumpin,:' 

haven' t peaked yet. I've always been a 
late bloomer." 

For next season. Morning has set 
some goals that he hopes to achieve. 
" I'd like to jump 2S feet in the long 
jump. I realize that is a bit difficult but I 
think I can do it. " Morning feels he'll 
have no problem attaining his goals of 
47 seconds for 400 meters, 21.3 for 200 
meters and 10.5 for the 100. 

Besides running, Morning maintains 
a 3.6 GPA, works ten to 15 hours per 
week as a counselor in the prison's 
Releasee-Aid Program, and holiIB down 
a job at the Torrey Club. "I don't 
understand the people who come to 
colle,e and spend the whole time 
studylDg. I need to get involved in 
activities. Running helps to clear out 
my brain." 

One of the highlighs of Morning's 
running career was his trip to China and 
Japan last summer. " I filled out the 
application form and told the NAIA why 
I should be selected to go. I knew that 
they couldn't refuse me. " remarked the 
confident Morning. " It was the greatest 
experience. I won quite a few races and 
even lived through a typhoon." Morning 
and the rest of the N AlA representa-
tives would compete on weekends and 
tour through the countries for the 
remainder of the week. 

At present Morning does not have 
plans to pursue his competitive running 
any further than college. " I'll probably 
stop running and then really miss it. 
You never know, I may come back, II he 
grinned. 

Morning admitted that one reason he 
likes to run is because of the attention he 
receives. " I'm an exhibitionist. I like to 
be seen and recognized." 

At the moment, Morning's biggest 
problem is finding his clothes. 
Somewhere between Lindbergh Field, 
San Diego and Texas, the site of the 
national champiOnships, his luggage 
was lost. " Now I don't have any clothes 
left. All I own is what I'm wearing," 
Morning joked. as he pointed to his 
running shorts and t-shirt. 

MornlDg, a Muir senior majoring in 
URS , has one year of eligibility 
remaining at the collegiate level. 
. 'There are some bigger meets and good 
C9mpetiton coming up for me next 
spring," Morning explained. " I know I 

That seems to be one of the hazards of 
being a national class athlete. To Kevin, 
it is the price he has to pay. Apparently, 
with the trios. recolmition. comoetition 
and the enjoyment of running, Kevin MOVING IT OUT -UCSD b·.ell at ... Kevia Mo ...... altowa off tile atyle .... t 
Morning does not mind. ...de him Trito. Tima Atlalete of alae Yur. 

The·Ten • 
SUMMER CELEBRATION 

SHOE 
SALE 

WIMBLEDON 1995 
ALL COURT 1295 

CANVAS 
RACQUETTE 1995 
RACQUETTE II 1095 

I CANVAS 
CORTEZ 1995 

(. ubject to Itode on hand) 

THRU JULY 1st 
,--... I , 

I FREE \ 
IRACKET STRIN<;INGI 51000 VALUE 
I LEO INA 66 I \ ~~~~~ I 
\, p.~h . .. " 

SALE 
lery 

adidas 
WARM-UP ~A~ 
SUIT SALE 

--.. -EUROPEAN OR AMERICAN 
FULL SELECTION 
OF A- IS'S ALL 

COLORS AND SIZES 
WHILE THEY LAST 

20% 
OFF 

FREE DEMONSTRATORS ALL MODELS STOCKED 
THE TENNIS GALLERY 
2650 VIA DE LA VALLE 
DEL MAR, CA. 91436 

FLOWER HILL CENTER 
755-2575 

STORE 
HOURS: 

MON-SAT 10-6 
SUNDAY 11-5 

,rider • .1 .... '.1171 

UC Davis Summer 
Wilderness Treks 

These three, 1 D-day treks, designed for teachers, 
naturalists and students, offer opportunities to 
experience the rewards of wilderness travel, 
study geology and the ecological communities 
of the area, scientifically examine the plant and 
animal population and appreciate wilderness 
living and conservation. 
TRINITY ALPS WILDNERNESS AREA, 
Northwestern California; 10 days; 5 quarter units of 
extension credit ; 225$ (includes meals and hotel 
accommodations on last night). 
Trek I - July 8-July 18. 1978 
Trek II - July 24-Aug. 3. 1978 
QUETICO PROVINCIAL PARK, South-
western Ontario; 10 days; 5 quarter units of extension 
credit; 300$ (includes meals and hotel accommodations 
on first and last nights) 
Trek III - Aug 13-Aug 23, 1978 
For roorelnformatlon. ""_ Un'-lty Ex_ilion" 111-752-3018, Do .... Gat ... 

Grand 
Opening 

of 
La Jolla 

Beauty Supply 
7660 Fa ... Ave 

(at cornet of Fa ... & Kline) 
Saturday, June 17 

We will be having a drawing to celebrate the 
opening of the Village Corner. Come on down 
and Join In the festivities. 

New Hours: 
Mon-Sot: 10 am-5:30 pm 

- 459-0556 ' 

.. 

SPECIAL AUTO 
Insurance Rates for 

COLLEGE STUDENT, 
INSURANCE CENTER 

276·9261 

triton times 

orts 

EiI __ McGirr 

In one year of pitching for 
UCSD, women's softball ace, 
Eileen McGirr. has compiled 
an unbelievable record. In ten 
regular season games McGirr 
pitched three no hitters, struck 
out 91 batters in 71 innings. 
allowed only ten hits, had four 
runs scored against her, and 
comllHed a 0.43 ERA in leading 
the Tritons to a perfect 10-0 
regular season. 

McGirr , who hails from 
Valhalla High School in La 
Mesa, is a freshman. interested 
in computer science. She is 
looking for scholarship offers 
for the next three years from 
"any school that offers m e 
one." 

McGirr's talents don't stop 
with pitching. Batting in the 
clean-up position, her average 
:It the end of the season was 
.417. 

Surf contest 
set tomorrow 
at Black', 

The 1978 Blac~'1 Beach 
Surfing Invitaticmal will be held 
this Saturday at 7: 00 am. Entry 
fee is $2. Slgn.Ua- are in the 
intercollegiate Athletic Office. 
Spaces TImited . Deadline 
today. 

*************. .. .. i U~-T'" : 
.. TAPESTRY : 
.. their 4Ih annual .. 
.. Tap and Jazz 'production * 
.. 7 pm SUnday * 
: Mandeville Auditorium : 
.. tIc:Uts It tile door $1.50 * 
.. .. 

~*************~ 

Athlete of year 
runners-up: 
Joe Hernandez 
Dave Horwltt 
Eileen McGirr 
Paul Metsch 

P •• I Maach 

Paul Metsch, the number one 
player on UCSD ' s national 
caliber tennis team, earned All-
American status by getting to 
the quarterfinals round or tbe 
NCAA Division III National 
Championlbips , defeatin, 
Michael Jackson of WaslliD8-
ton-Lee, 1-0, 6-0. 

Teaming up with doubles 
partner JOIl Gerdsen, Metscb 
also won the NAIA District III 
doubles championship. The duo 
had the opportunity to compete 
in the N AlA nationals also, but 
opted to 'remain at UCSD and 
catch up on studies. 

Metsch, a sophomore biology 
major , finds that he ha.~ 
" improved from last year. 
Last year's transition from a 
junior player -to the college 
level was "tough." This season 
Mets c h c ompiled a very 
respe c table 25 -15 ove r all 
record , playing pr i m a r il~ 
against Div ision I and II 
competition. 

Joe HerDaDclez 

Swimmer Joe Hernandez, a 
Revelle freshman majoring in 
biology, was an integral part of 
the Triton 1977-78 swimteam. 
Not only was he the mainstay of 
the fre estylers, Herna ndez 
was an All-American in three 
events. 

Hernandez 's strongest 
showing at the nationals came 
in the 100 meter freestyle where 
he placed fourth in the finals , 
only one second off the national 
record . In the 200 meter 
freesty le event he picked up a 

seventh . Rounding out his 
national performance was a 
tenth place showing in the 800 
meter freestyle . By reaching 
the finals in each of these 
events Hernandez earned the 
All-American honors. 

Dave Horwitt 
Senior Dave Horwitt finished 

a four year UCSD handball 
career with his second All-Cal 
c hampionship early this 
quarter. 

Horwitt was runner up as a 
freshman and won the title as a 
so phomore before breezing 
through the tournament this 
year. He did not compete in 
1977. 

"He is the be t handball 
player in the school's history," 
said UCSD coach John Cates. 
" Horwitt is best known for hi 
ability with either hand and his 
a ll around court sense." 

MMER 
__ JOBS 

FULL TIME 
PLENTY OF WOH 

PHONE 
714-275-2663 

..... ·U ... "'U' ................ U,L., .... I.' ... . . , ...... , ••••• , ••••••• , ••••••••••••• ••• 



P .. 12 I triton times FrtcIey ............ 
f --~L~"----------1 Arts/Entertainment 
• mE UCSD . t -----~--~....;;;..:...;=--------:...----------
, cATHOliC cc:>.VMUNITY t M L hI" d Cl k b' " b" I F 8y -June 9th _ ,pm: . I c aug m an ar e Ite Ig one 
, Lut Day of Cia Picnic • I ' ve held out longer 

• U C
at La Jolla Shores : than most of my 

(meet .t Church if you need ,ide) ,friends in my enthu-

'

Saturday _ June t 7th _ 5 pm: • siasm Jor jazz rock, 
S D " but like them, I've t Graduation Mus at Church • been wonderini . Recepdoa foUowlnl 'what all the noise is l_ _~ ___ ......... __ ----,-_J about. In its best moments, the 

fusion hybrid combines the best 
of rock and roll and the 

an artist, musician, writer, or 
whatever someone is, has the 
duty to supply a middle ground 
within which he ,ives the 
audience 80m~thing they want 
and at the same time incorpor: 
ating some of their own ideas. 
An artist who's intent on 
elitist and avant 

technique of jazz in an 
overpowering, occasionally ...... ~ .. rr 

Don't buy anything 
in 14K Gold 

till you've seen 
THE OUTDOOR JEWELRY STORE 

1261 PROSPECT ST. 

ingenious blend. But after the 
ground breaking releases ofthe 
Mahavishnu Orchestra's 
Inner Moun&in, Flame, and 
Return to Forever's HyOlD &0 
tbe Seventb Galaxy, the efforts 
of those musicians urin, to 
make quick cash wlth the 
nascent form sound formula-
matic, predigested and empty 
of sp'>ntaneity. My alienation 
over Jazz rock deepens when I 
talk to musicians who explain, 
with superb articulation, about 
why they've veered their 
energies towards a simpler 
rock orientation. 

..... 

... . 

from Scientology about 
communication, I wouldn't 
have gone on the tours with 
him, and I would have beea 
robbed of a beauillul ellper-
ience." 

Towards his own end., 
Garson hal plans to lign a 1010 
artist with an a. et 

LA JOlLA 
(next to Alfonso's) 

Open till LATE - 459-4788 

"The loss of older, more 
traditional minded fans is 
mostly negligible," says Mike 
Garson, keyboardist for 
Stanley Clarke in a pre-concert 
interview . Garson, who's 
played for an impressive array 
of New York area jazz talents, 
and who is best known to rock 
and roll fans for his work with 
David Bowie (Aladdin Sane. 
David Llve) , exudes an attitude 

T_ "rile -1towiIIs tile world tUt M doa ....... Iaav. _ .... 
f .. liI. nu. pliloto w .. take. tile -raias .ftel' a T_ N .... t 
coacert. witIa "I'lle polatial to It. 0_ ...... i.i .. faactioaal 
ear. Reat .... retI tlaili •••• er. tIIoalh, fol' Ted "rile will 
I'eon aext Fan _ tile .ew Tritoa T __ An. Editor. Beet of 

Don't forget ... 
Graduation and 

Father's Day Gifts 
Thank you UCSD students for 

patronizing us . See you next year! 

I.cllto Itim. 

that he thinks he's doing the makes demands on the aud-
rock audience a favor. ience to come up to his terms is 

" I mean, you have to look at missing the point. The beauty of 
audience reactions in perspec- art is communication, and it's 
tive," he continues, "I mean, at its most beautiful when there 
someone like Stanley, Herbie a~e a~ many people as possible 
(Hancock), or Chick (Corea) g!~:.!,ng the message you 
may lose 12 to 20 older fans for Gars 0 n . t' . h . thO h Isapraclclng 
c angmg elr approac and Scientologist , and he's ada-
attitudes, but think of the h d d d h d ment in saying that the 

un re s an t ousan s we "religion" has supplied him 
reach because we have. Art , I think, is the highest form of with certain tools and tech-
communication and I think that niques with which he can make r--------------------:::.--.-:=~~:::::=!!~~;;~ his musical ideas more clear to peo~le, as well as in dealings m hiS every day life. 

"Scientology isn't what a lot 
of people thinldtis, y'know," he 
says laughingly, ,. it's not one of 
these nut cults with people 

wearin~ black sheets and all 
that. It .s, a philosophy basical-
ly, and It s an applicable one in 
everyday life. It gives you tools 
that you can carry around in 
your mind and use when you 
have to. Basically, as far as my 
music goes, it's helped to learn 
an awful lot, it's helped to get 
out of my classical and jazz 
snobbishness and allow me to 
learn about other kinds of 
music. 

"Like when I went on tour 
with Bowie . I got the offer 
through a producer I used to do 
session work for . At the same 
time, I had offers to tour with 
Thad Jones , Mel Lewis big 
band, but I opted for Bowie 
instead. I didn' t know anything 
about rock and roll, especially 
British rock and roll. and I went 

on lour Lu it:lU '1I Wili1L Ii wa~ i1li 
about. 

Appearing at the Sports Arena 
on July 9, 1978 

':Bowie ~nded up showing me 
things, like demonstrating 

~ertain chords and giving me 
Ideas a bout the kind of 
rhythmic emphasis he wanted. 
After a while, he came to me for 
ideas. It was great. I realized 
that Bowie had a certain 
mus!cal brilliance like Miles 
DaVIS, though in a different 
way, the ability to create an 
absolutely beautiful piece of 
music by fusing different ideas 
in way no one else thought of. 
The world lours I did wilh him I 
learned what kind Of commurli-
eating power a rock band can 
have to an audience of veral 
lhousand. It was beautiful and I 
wouldn't have traded the 
experience for lh world. But 
without the things I learned 

-'T_ MM:keazie 
unnamed record company, and 
has designs to construct a 
multi-media . stage presenta-
tion. His long range aim is to 
have his own weekly television 
show with which he can 
communicate with an audience 
far vaster than what clubs and 
concert halls could allow. 

"It'll probably have to be on 
Public Broadcasting, but that's 
fine . I ' d like to combine 
entertainment, education, the 
whole shot. I'd like to communi-
cate my ideas to the biggest 
audience in the world." 

••••• 
Mike Garson is a personable 

guy in the flesh, and I don't 
doubt his sincerity in what he 
says about "communication" 
(however vague the use of the 
word was). But I've the feeling 
that he wasn't copping to the 
real reason why a lot of jazz 
talent hiwe gone rock or pop. 
Plainly, the returns from the 
gate of a rock concert are a bit 
more substantial than Ule 
comparative pittance paid to 
straight jazz players. One 
cannot argue that George 
Benson isn't more comfortable 
these dars with a few million-
selling smgles under his belt. 
Corea, Clarke, Hancock and 
others are also better off these 
days, doing long tours in larger 
halls, releasing albums that 
these days sell a few hundred 
thousand more copies than the 
.. art" they used to record for 
anyone who'd listen, and 

becoming something of super-
man idols to audiences that 
used to worship Eric Clapton. 
This is a long way from the 
racist stereotype of a 'blaok be-
bop genius blowing his guts out 
through a cracked saxophone 
reed in a dank cellar club forDO 
pay save for beer and smack 
money. Understood in tile 
context that jazz musician. 
have for long reaped the loweR 
rewards, one's angerovertbelr 
voluntary commercialization 
must be muted . 

But still, that doesn't 
. mitigate the fact that mo tjazz-

rock is trivial and borin,. It 1& 
fundamentally a form that has 
great instrumental talent 
playing down to an audience 
they think is too dumb to 
understand their work unle 

I ( onlllluI'd l(ll'ugf' U) 

F,.." ..... ·.1171 tritDn times 

run, to wake. 
both and the audience get more annoying was violin show, however, was reserved 
the short shrift. work of L. Sbankar, whose for the horn section, when two 

The evidence of this was sorties sounded at best like sax players took the spot light 
amply apparent at the May 25 simulated air-raid sirens . and took excursions that were 
Stanley Clark-John McLaugh- McLaughlin appeared more stretched to the breaking point, 
lin concert at the California than happy to revel in this mess With watery tones and three 
Pacific Theatre . of contrary sounds. note trills wafting painfully 

M t . k' t" I db' I ' against a lethargic backbeat OS Jazz-roc IS rzula an orzng_ tIS, . that shuffled dead in its tracks. 
fun dam e n t a II y , a for m t hat has g rea t Th t gl' f 
. I I I' . ere were wo Impses 0 
mstrumenta ta ent p aymg down to an audIence ho~e f~r the show, though . 
they think is too dumb to understand their work GUltar:lst Ray Gomez, ~ho looks hke a Ramones reJect, 
unless it's vulgarized. played a fiery blend of, Jeff Beck and Co.ryell stylings, 

McLaughlin was the bigger 
disappointment of the two. 
Though the guitarist, along 
with Larry Coryell (a wasted 
talent) , created the entire jazz-
rock vein with the Mahavishnu 
Orchestra, he has had the 
courage to break away from 
what was commercially viable 
and pla~e himself in a diversity 
of playmg contexts. The fact 
that for this concert, he 
preferred to retrench himself in 
ground all ready broken was 
disheartening. . 

The set, in short, was 
atrocious. McLaughlins fingers 
were as fast as their legend to 
be, but the speed was all flash 
and no backbone, orgiastic note 
flurries set out to amaze and not 
much else. (How quickly we've 
forgotten the lessons of Alvin 
Lee.) The band, in tum, did its 
best to pull matters down. 
Bassist TC Stevens, whose best 
moves were done with his jiving 
feet and not with his fingers 
supplied a loud funk thud that 
kept the rhythms hopelessly 
nailed to the ground . . A 
drummer whose n,ame I didn't 
catch looked as though he were 
havmg trouble maintaining a 
straight percussive line 
throwing in off-beats and flashy 
rolls when needed the least, and 
at one point took a solo that was 
well within John Bonham's 

In a more charitable mood, 
I'll probably write off Mc-
Laughlin's set as a bad night 
and nothing more , but for 
Clarke, the case was inargu-
able. Bluntly, Clarke is a young 
man with brilliant bass 
technique (at his best, he can 
smoke anybody) who's been 
prematurely elevated to 
superstar and band leader. As a 
composer, Clarke's strengths 
are in writing catchy ditties. 
But since being leader these 
days allows you to waHow in the 

adding an exciting rock edge to 
the otherwise dormant music. 
Mike Garson took two unac-
companied acoustic piano 

~olos, and.plared. a rumbling, 
ImpreSSionistic style of 
improvisation that at times 
hinted at Keith Jarrett laced 

with Bud Powell. These spots 
were too short and far between 
though, and Clarke managed to 
defuse any momentum the two 
of them might of mou~ted. 

McLaughlin's fingers were as fast as their legend 
to be, but the speed was all flash and no 
backbone ... (How quickly we've forgotten the 
lessons of Alvin Lee.) 
murk of " genius ", Clarke 
dashes off tons of compositions 
that are no more than tricky 
riffs and accelerated harmon-
ies struns together in the most 

gas-~agg~sh (Ji~lay of musical 
hubrIS smce Emerson, Lake 
and Palmer. 

In performance, Clarke 
extends the dramaturgy 
further by taking one spee(ly 
solo after the other, wowing the 
crowd, but leaving a stage floor 
full of meaningless notes in the 

So what is one to gather from 
this concert? For McLaughlin, 
the evidence isn't in . He's 
pulled out of slumps before, and 
there's no reason to think that 
he can't do it again. ForClarke, 
expectations are less high. My 
hope is that he shucks his solo 
adventures and rejoins as a 
group that operates on a 
democratic basis . That would 
be one way to keep a talented 
young man from falling on. his 
face. Ted Burke 

******************** 

FRIDAY nlTE 
fl~'KJ 

Unlv.rllly Even .. Office Pr_nta 
Recapture .. lhe&T .... Ci bper1enc:e" 9 
1K,.',., .......... O'-O*-iIUTlnrn.bl UMt. II 

IP.J:1Uo. m.OlllEJU[ 
1Em.c.~ ff'!.JJ.:D~i'oi:.lA:tJ 

",·:r.!J:E~i; WUJ'~ 
• 'l'HE S.,..'NG 

.... ......,.. C8IIIdy • TIM IunclelIOI lOcI" 

TonIgIdt 7:00 pm Mande¥HIe Auditorium 
Central Box Office, 452·455G 

Un,..,,/I Inn', Office 

r: -

Walking in Birkenstock is a lot 
like walking in the sand. 

Our footwear molds to your feet 
and softens the concrete world. 

REMEMBER DAD 
Father's Day is June 18 

We have: 
* One of the largest selections of pipes 

and cigars available. 
* Walk-in cigar humidor. 
* Custom-blended tobaccos. 
* Unusual gifts for smokers and non·smokers. 
* Expert pipe repair. 

Something for everyone... . 

116 Solana Hills Dr. 
Solana Beach 
Southwest corner of 1·5 
and lomas Santa Fe Dr. 
(Across from Von's & Sav·On) 
(714) 755-1041 

1298 Prospect St., 
Suite 2C 
La Jolla, CA 92037 
In the Coast Walk 
(714) 459-2002 



.... M 

A na ive Californian looks 
at fo malness of Dartmouth 

The beat way avoid heiDi 
bothered at a Dartlhouth fratel'Dity 
part)', I've diIcoYe~ DOt to 
carry my moonliilbt f or wear 
a bat. 

They ,et stolen and I bave to rurt 
around to tet them back. 

So I ,ave up both. 
But I can'tlive up my blonde hair 

and It's ·a liveawa}' that I'm on 
exchante from Callfomia and sucb 
p'rovides for that wonderful line: 
'You mUit be from California!" 

Dartmouth CoUe,e (pronouoced 
"Dathmuth Colle,e" by easter-
ners) is fraternfties , drinkin" 
sports, ,reen (scbool color), tree., 
old buildiDis and academia and not 
always in that order. 

The place is a fairy tale - it's 
completely isolated out in the sticks 
of New Hampshire, it's seeped in 
traditions of early America 
(founded 1769 - I feel like sewing 
American fiaJs in the libraries) 
and is crawbn~ with 4000 fresh-
faced affluent Jock students and 
wonderful stereotypical tweed jacketed Ivy professors. 

I've fallen in perfectly. I avoid 
newsp a pers . When I cover 
speakers of world woes for "The 
Dartmouth" I do it mechanically, 
getting down the quotes without 
thinking about them. I tall of going 
to Europe. I've joined the track 
team. I go to the Hanover Inn for 
drinks. It's a wonderful time. 

Except something is missing. 
Life? Liberty? Pursuit of (oh no 
I 've been ruined) . Diversity of 
students. Even though Dartmouth 
pulls its students from all over the 
United States its student body is 

Ie .. dlvene than California UCSD. 
No I~in! No freau! Junior 
Iawyen play lacroue and drink 
beer. 
. -~ccompanylDJ this indlvenity Is 
a wall of eastern fonnalnell. Any 
80rt of bl.zarrenell or absurdity Is 
blocked here. U,b. Sterile. Tbeonly 
accepted state of beiDi for beilll 
crazy Is drunken aickne .. at a h'at 
party. 

So It turns out that it is very easy 
to freak ~ple out here. A very 
eartbv. california POem (I 'd never 
tbou,bt of it as such before) I 
submlttea In my wrlun, class 
brou,ht comments of "sub -
buman" and " unreal. " 

I went to just chatter with my 
,ovemment professor (always in a 
three piece suit and has a crewcut 
marines would marvel at) : 

"You don't have any problems 
with the work?" he asked. 

"No, just came in to introduce 
myself and talk ." 

Sbock. "Uh ... oh ... ub ... oh . .I see ... 
ub what class are you? " 

I've become so aware of my 
California ness here ! I'm more 
careful of my use of eXDressions. 
such liS " weird head space" or 
"bizarred out " 

I've started using Dartmouth 
terms. A ','weenie" (verb from 
weenyin,) is a nerd who "tools" or 
" books" all the time. To " boot" is to 
vomit after drinking too much (a 
goal) . I 've heard persons referred 
fo as " relevant types" and haven 't 
figured out what is meant by it and 
hope I'm not referred to as such, it 
sounds boring. 

One must have fun though by 

lettiq the Californianell out and 
takinI advantalle of the naivete of 
easterners about westernen. I tell 
tbem tbat yes! all California 
womeD are blonde and tanned and 
that westerners SPend all their time 
"mellowln, out" (thank you Garry 
Trudeau) on jacuzzi, and Jerry 
Brown. 

But It's bard to let ,0 and bave fun 
if you're female beeaule you 're 
)Watched all the time re,ardles. of 
how mucb you confomt. 

Tile malelfemale ratio is 3 to 1. 
The ratio doesn't bother me much,l 
don 't notice men under my nose 
anyway (uh-oh, dare she return to 
UCSD?) 

I don't like being stared at (I can 
only hope they are lookinll at me for 
reasons other than my bill breasts) 
beause it limits me - I can't pick 
my nose or . make funny facial 
expressions. Attackingpeople with 
my squirt gun is out of the question. 

Even with the admission of 
women I feel the maleness at every 
crevice of this place and sometimes 
(dare I say it1) I wish Dartmouth 
were still all male . The wish stems 
from some conservative, romantic 
streak running in me - the idea of 
the all male institution. 

But when I catch onto my wits I'm 
more likely to mutter, " How selfish 
of Dartmouth to keep this lovely 
island all to men all those years" or 
I'll feel like running out to the 
Dartmouth green (Revelle plaza 
only lawn) and sreaming "Thank 
you Dartmouth for all the jerks you 
produce that uphold our lovely 
status quo! " - Dorothy Housl.OD 

OUR HERO 

Meet Colonel Larson E. Licuado, famed South 
American explorer and discoverer of the beverage which 
bears his name. Here he inspects a new load of the fruit 
which will be used to produce yet another batch of those 
powerful thirst -quenching delights known as 

LICUADOS 
Come oft down and give one a try ... We're at the corner of La Jolla 
Blvd. al1d Pearl - just waiting to serue you! 

$1.50 
$1.00' 

L,etter for Maria 
EdItor: 

To .. y I won't mIaI her" buUablt. 
She bas provided me hope and 
Itren,th tbat tbere are lome 
adminlstraton wbo will come out 
for ltudenta. She riaked her job 
when "DO ODe" wal around to help 
me and other students. Db God wIlY 
her! Flnt Dave (PJckett) , now 
Maria (Del Dr.,o) . Do the lood 
alwaYI bave to die. Oh, If I could 
only ,Ive a aecond, minute, day, 
anythlni to keep ber alive. 

It's a shame too that sbe should 
die 10 soon. At a time when Richard 
(Armlta,e) could have liven ber 
breadth to do the shit for students to 
make our lives of more quality . I 
am depressed and miserable over 
ber death and I cannot understand. 

With tears in my eyes and anller 
in my heart, it is hard for me to 

Russell ... 
(Continued from page 2) 
pos.itive ~hings that can be 
gamed In workin~ on a 
newspaper, especiafly this 
newspaper, then my time's up. 

My year's over. 
And if it's blame you want to 

levy, I'll accept it. But for those 
who have a word of praise for 
this year's paper, thank the 
faceless staff. Underneath all 
of this printer's ink you'll find a 
group of hard-working, under-
paid people - students like you. 
r thank them for this year and 
wish them, and the paper, luck 
in the future. 

And I thank you for listening 
- this last time. 
', ......... _.""-.......... _ .. _ .... _ .. _' ...... A_.' 
• I 

iCOMMUNITYf 
:,BLOOD BANK! 
., .. i 983 India ~ 

write too much more. Only to .. y 
that I wanted and needed )'ou, 
Marla. Your spirit wlll continue 
wltbln me . I wlll Include your 
strenatbinl dreama and lenaltivlty 
to f"lit bureaucratic bastards wbo 
come In the way of students. 

BARRY HYMAN 

Third thanks 
Editor: 

. The Third Colle,e Council would 
Uke to exprea our app,reciation of 
the 1'riton Time. stan this year. 
For the fint time In its history 
Third Colle,e was fairly, accurate-
ly aDd frequently reprelllnted on 
the, pa,es of our campus news-
paper. . 

We noticed and we thank )'OU. 
THIRD COlLEGE COUNCIL \l,,,l INFO 

45'1.- 4636 -
FREE 

TAPED INFORMATION. 
.-........ . 

Call Us For Tape 
Ustinp 9-5:30 

IIDIt-frt .. 

80 Tapes in all 
Medlcal-Legal-Meall-and-

General Campus 

NEW TAPES i 327 F Street ! 
~ PAYS DONORS / 50 UnlYer.lty 1_" Calender 
'( , 220 CMlpue catertng 
j. for Service I:, == ~==.:,."!:trso I M on . • Frl. 250 Check ca.hlng 
,• 233.5481 ,' 2118 M .... on Bay Aquatic C .... I ... Summer SchMuIe 

l_._._ .. _~~~:~~~._."'~._ .. _J _ 1.. __ =========~~ .. .&, 
TENAN TS DEPCS/TS RIPPED OFF! 
r ... o are u.gaLl~ Nfl/NJrJbLe desl,i t£ Lease 01' landl.o1'd b. IJ. 'I $ 
H1ALL CLAIMS COURT, special R[~T -WITHHOLDING taatica in thol'- C. ;. 
t Y LAIWWRDS. Fight back! ·1i<m:rcf'.D~te· tkpoaitB, cLean .. "" II 
,ugh 10, OOO- wol'd bookLet "[VERYTHl~G CALIF. TENANTS NEED TO· ~ ., ~ ' NOW ABOUT GEllING BACK THEIR DEPOSITS," Send 62 . 00 1:0: ... 
li 'E'NTIRAVE PRESS, 1626 CaLifo1'ttia, M, untain View, CA 94041. _ ~ __ 

IF PRESSURE'S ON, 
SOUND OFF 

CALL 
FOCUS HELPLINE 

452-4455 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
a 

• 
• 
• 6-12 nightly ..... 

Remember June 18th 
Bargains Galore For 

Graduatio..n & Father's Day 
at ,....w; 

Young Edwardian 
Sundresses 

529" 
Peasant Skirts 

55"-51499 

5887 University Ave. 
Ph,: 287-9160 

Sailor Jeans . 
51599 

Hours: 
Mon-Fri: 10-9 

Sat: 10-6 
Sun:· 12-5 

Ivlastercharge 

BankAmerlcard 

Dittos Jeans For Men 
59" 

Kennington Terrycloth Shirts 
513" 

Swim Trunks 
$4.9.$6" 

, 

,rfdIIr.Junel.1171 

Classifieds 
for sale~ 

zephyr _Iboard cheap, O·N •• I.pri .... ulllOO. 7$$· 
7%33 (II') 
3/1" dlvl" wellUlI loc sal • . t:.ceIJenl <GlldlllOn, 
Lldie. me<! orm.n·. small, MS. Call Jlm,I""!!)' 
(6111 

117'1 a.tavu. "oped. GoocIcoaditioo ....... 1 IUJlU'lM!r 
l.........,utloD. Lelvllll Nil . mutt .. II! eat, Call 
usm ... (II" 
I'" ~~; ........ , .... y JocaI. pod 
............. cau J.,. .,...., .a.r I pm (III) 
14 o.t.o II" V .... I ~I,IJ .. mi .. often 411_. 
(61" 
" Opel GT . ...... mi .•• rron 411_. III.) 
1 .......- 111 .... , iooIdopoabn .... II la, 
_Of'. I ID. ....._, 10 III. 1_. d"",,1 
...... ktt'..--' "year .... _ . tIIIIpr, CaU 
IIIb .1411_. 
I'" De_ III. All/ni _. 1_ .. ~ . -
mUeo. C ...... taM .... 1eMe, C ...... 411·_ 

W_· •• MaIt_uir.lamwJoloDa.LSI.-. 
modium. plrf8<t .-_ . ... DooIpWIIoeb -
-. 
1 ...... 1ldon lor .... : ClIa_IieR ........ ,_, 
Dr • ......,. lI.rk JC . /bI.... Dolph --, 

Top 01 the IIDe PI_r KP _ AMIni e_te ill 
dalh eor deck, BrI .... _ . _.r UNd. and ..... -
have pepen, PIG. retail , "'Id .. _ . 411_. 

I'" Dallun alO .... on. E.cellenl tra""poJUIion 
mUll s.1I belor. June 14, SMO, -- ... ry 

For •• ie: a block pearl . I rnm. IIIOWIIII yountlf. 
Good .hape. Bool .lIer, Call Diana II 4S1·Ult. 

30 ,al . lank·U.btl ... pump. beater. ,ravol. U,G. 
(il1.r, Call Judy 4112_1 or Chuck 453-ZIIt 115 
10 ,al Atlas lid wllb IIII,allllter . .. prome ..... Ier 
nour .. ceol Iilht . ... avel • IIIOre. Cb",,~ 413-_ 
For ... " : V_moped. perfectcoDd .. UQOml.peo , 
Price Inc 122. lock. IZ2 c.rri.r. PleaM caliA ... 
U3-407I 
11113 Old. Villi Cruu.er W.,OOI. Radio. power 
' IUrin, and power bralteo. Super condition! 456-
1407, 

Double bed. mattre .. and box Iprilll. AI new 150 or 
belt oller. 4520778. 

Sale on .11 book • . record. and POllen at 
Groundwork Boob In the UCSO Sludeni Cenl.r. 
452-4242 now th'" linalo. 

Double bed. link; SI5 .ach, Call Jon 4II·'/04t. 

services 
Summerm .. k; Grd Stu. pianJsl .",ailablt for 
iHlOnl (theory . creative process. chords alsol 4ss. 
1717 (1/9) 
ClLStom·made rubber stamPi. Pel"$ONlfiJe your 
.tationary Make your owftbook platH S5 for.tamp. 
"U.I76& lA/A' 
TYPING' IBM s..lcctnc lenn p:. ~R , he ..... PhD. 
dllSertallona,edilln ••. RUSIiJIII" '4~,_ 
1171 , 286-4936 • .'~2 · 1~ (II" I • 
Typinl-e. ~rie eced. rell:lble. "'ft~(ln8b1e. 1I:J.M 
Correcl;n, Sde tfiC Call anyUm 455-0.%7. Mrs. 
01<11 (1/'1 
. NEED II. TY PIST~ R.,...,nablt r.lOO. u,._. 
'Call .It.r II : ' • . K .lhl.171 ·.2I1. lilt) 

Profession •• Typinl _ Reason.bl. Rate • . 18,. 
Corr'OCtin. Soledric. can for free EotltM~, Gall 
4IH540 (1/'1 

P tlOFF.SS1 0!'lAL TYPING , r ... unable r.leI 
Villid':~ serrC\unal. 1205 PrOllp«l no. ZMI . LM Jolla 
4 .. -o:J16 ITHAI 
TjpI.., - ", .. llyn " ""Id like 10 ... IIIU , ... r lYPi .. 
_ _ .. ,ort. rea_able . .... IBII, Callr1W'7J1. 
1611) 

G~"""1n I'" UCSDS_IC_1a 
.,.... .u ............ -r--sal .• 11 pmoI ptII. S\09 lit' lor 
coIlee or I ... __ , 

travel • 
CIEE announces new • • pprov ~d ONE·WAY 
CHARTERS! Conlinned ... llcon _ bo i>oGU<I I<> 
Pons . Amlltrdam. Zurich! Pr\ceO beCID .11!I45 
lrom Saa FnndleO/~ A ...... SIll ,.- New 
York. Flyi.,. round·trip tile prI<e _ ........ hoD 
you combino .ny 1"0 CIEE 0;.,.11 _I lUll your 
ICbedule! Sefect your own route'! Come lee" at 
CIEE Sludent Trovf!1 Servkel VCSD 51_1 
Cfllttr JI.aZ3 Y Jolla . CA _ ("1141 4~_. Optll 
weekdaYI from Il~ (TIIA, 

housing 
Summer roornate wanted for Del Mar houIt own 
room 11311: cIoublf .. /pri . both 11111", •• oIIer/dryer. 
IUndeck. I bIo<k from beacb, 7.HI.I Roo 11, or 4!6-
1791 Carlot. AlI.r 5 pm (II" 
W.nt.ed: One .urnmer Neu COIltract. Pte.. c.1I 

• mo, c.. lml n Pno. In day: ._; nilhl: 411..." 
(61') 
RoomforruIIJO/mo~HiCbJa .... c:oodo""U 
D.v. Frow111e or Ka Sdoell 'ISI-'" f6l.1 
Summer m\tal !I bet lin bath condo in PI,),mor. 
lS75Jmonth part. lurn. pooI7111D1I1~PeltrI7l'_ 
(II') 
Female roomrnate wanted own room, near beach 
pool. non· moiler. no peu: Av.llable now 11501< uUI. 
753~to (811) 
Condom iml um Ivallable (or lummer lease : 
I4IO/ mnnth, 4 bed. 2 batb. lurnl.lIed. will> oooi.Nur 
UCSD , Call Don. I 452-747& Iweekday. 1ft« a) . 
161'1 

Po ... RenL Own room in SolaNa Beac.h condo. June' 
10 July ZO. H2O Included. 1115. C. 1i 1I1 ·1n3 (61" 
Female roommate needed for aummer. ')!5Imo. 
Owo room . Convenient locaUon In Clatremont . m-
&45.1 . (61'1 
.... ,-"mate ... 81<1 71-71. SU .... I bclrm. Dtlllar 
..... '. bUt from _ . Shero rm • • Tom __ 

W.nted '-Ie __ ,. 4 ..", .......... 
Ge_ HIPi ..... Juael. lOt ! ,11'. utilltieo._ : 
1711 
Jevoudn ......... yoc __ Ir .... _ 
une I_Ill. ,_ 1'._ 1I'It __ am 
r ..... _._..,~ __ ... 
room, b ••• IlI/ mo. A •• lbbt •• 0 . . ... :.,,. 
P.u .... Leunl 

Room for.-lIImolortllt_ •• '..,,1Ic 
-.-. N_ 11_ 1IaJ, Call CJatMa m_ 
Small "."'ue ho .... 4 .... l lm ...... '.'.I'- D. 
..........,-. 1 """" 11m. Ie •• _7N-4*)1111 
on17, EIICItUtaa . 

Stlyl"l for lum,..r . or I •••• r ! Frl •• d.,. 
~bIe 1I.1e "-'I ...... _ 1m ....... ..., 
- u,.lIln 1fIIrIm- OIl ..- B...,h II_I ntO. 
Incluclte utli. I< ......... Coil J ... __ ... 

I ""'"'. 2 both '-- II! W . 110 ... 111 from D f.':::.n"':' I< 10111 A •• II , 111"/ 1' •• iI _J ... 
M.MER RENTAL I bib from be • .,.. OWl .-n 

""mo 411·_ 

New I bdrm condo in loa Joll~ Villa,e for renl. Nr. 
UCSD Club prlvlle, . I35O/ mo 271 ~/&eO.IIZ2 
(III) 
z F rooommatel needod r.lller1 belr baYlide bouse 
In MB. SUe. Evenln .. , 411·7Mt. III., 

,. .. Rmmate _1111 lor awn, or I ..... r , CIoae 
to UCIID • Unlv. To ..... C. Shane la .... bedrm 
'1111Il10, ~ (III, 
_II _ "- _r boacb II! Dol War for 
_ ..... ..,1IcoI YOlr. Older «ude.1 prof. SII • . 
411· ... (11.) 
I roomm.te'!" wanlod Playmor condo . pool. ow. 
..-n, ~u sandy US·NII .. rly .m ... • v., 16/') 
SlUdf.I_.u.. lem.lludenllD ........ Z bedrm aPl. 
"' ...... uorunl.12O tl. y Jol" ..... _1711 S ..... y. 

t{:~.Dl leekiD, female rmmte t,re., • .• r 
_or..-mJr)I<> .... ne1 br.ptlnLaJol .. 
_ 11., .. , Cell tIIH7I1 Sor01. , II no ... w.r. o.u 
alter I pm!.. can It Ii .. 11/ 8\ 

wantea 
I •• nl I<> buy. P .......... ph. ~heap. Notb .... I.ney. 
only the ha.lcs. Barry. I7SoZl ... 

Earn ' -men, 21-50, needed for plycllolo,ieal 
uperimenll in L.Jolia. PC. ... call45H750 . ...... 
... me (II') 
l 'm <iD dire need or a Men Summer Contr8Cc. WiJI 
pay extra, c..11 Chuek 456-1754 16191 
Wanted ' Mustang motorscooter. Need nol ron 263-
3504 lilt) 
Pald ,otlilon d=lalDn wanlod. Pollin, .nd 
c.n .... ,n. uperience preler""'. Fl •• lbl. boon. 
Must be SD city realdfllt. Call Nude Beach .. 
Committee at 211 ·1212 for Interylew tlmn . 

Intere.ted i n I pace rese.reb ! Join a , pace 
~""'iolll' orlonlzatlon. Membenhlp iI Ir ... Wrilf 
to Uf .... P O. 80. 17011 • • San DIeI • . • 117. (Include 
your plio ... DUmber I' any,) 

Ac:flVI TS 
Employmenl oHerod fo, peopl. conc.rned aboul 
lho ... vironmenllnd lOCial <hanp , Join staff of our 
new office. Callfornia .. A,ainll Waitt , Ma,l. OWl 

avil. - personals 
YOUR EDVCATION COSTS THOUSANDS· 
Man.ted properly. O.er _ 01 lobo are nevor 
,dvert1led or lialed at placement. We're relUme 
and lob seareb .pecialilli. NEW DIREc:fIONS. 
7~(1/') 
LOll at Sh-in, dark v.'GOd salad bowl Jenttmcu~. 
velue ,Uto' loved one nowdeceaJed. Return to Day 
Ca", Cente r (6/91 
Tee-.hirt. (or the North CouDly Wlldll(e and 
Trealment Center available (or " .IS . Blue 
hack,rounM wllb blac~ 1.IJerlni. Three dlff .... nl 
onlm.1 dOlI,ns . Call : 117 · 7104 . Non · profit 
or .. ni.allon, (619, 

Biorhythms. Physical. emotional and Intelleclual 
cycles . computerized. penonalir.ed . Daily projects 
and ,raptls.Send: name. acid ... . birt~t.wlthS5-
I mo: 111).3 moo : SI51 mo.; S20·1 yr; poslpold, To: 
Biorhythm Data. Ltd, 211 Euclid. SuIte ZIO. San 
Dit,o. CA 112111. Allow 30 days for dellve,y , 161') 
Project O. Escondido bal . penl_ for volunlter 
cou ... lon. For Inl •• all 7~·75S7 lralDI .. of'.red , 
181'1 
Attention Se:nion! You can have OM l .. t nina 
belore .... duaUon~ !;orne I<> ReveUe·. Gndoalion 
Ctlebrauoa, a eemHor-m.1 cliAller/ danet .tlM' El 
Cone. Hotel on June 10. Tick<1l. now 00 llie II the 
box office . .... " .111 per penon. YII ch.nce 10 .el 
I.,eth.r wllb lbe ,.nl! (lit) 
DoII '1 mill the ... .-......... locIa1 11 _ . 
II ' . blppenln •• 1 Vr.,. Hil I. B. Ihra . 

Totbo_~I ....... _ofl.l,."ofSD. 
_oID ....... oIHawan.I ...... lortllt ..... 1 
..... I." to, liar tile poll .. _. nIoIour 
oIfloa for _ . IIIId m.y tilt IDIt ..... ....,., ....... 
yOllr _ . GeM luck oU. Your _ (.nd 
brllll .. ., pllololup".r - 51 .. Y .... ba 

Tho al fint herd lOt _ . IlIoN' , mo .... ID lifo lila. 
flo. I. , Expl.re 11.11. ,.OCUS 4U· 1451 

CbrlIty. DeIlIoie. JucIJ: 
T iI lor .11 tile TIME ..... spoilt 
E illor an tlJe ENERGY w_ 
N iI lor an KNOWLEDGE •• aeewnulalod 
U 10 lor the UNDERCOVER iIIv_,atIna 
R illor tile ROWNG of 111m 
E illor EV!:RYTHING ... I .. ~ 
Well .e made It - I ,U ... - Ib.D. Lynn 

Loot: ...,_bocl< book, U_rwaler C.llf. LeIl In 
Rev, PI ... 1/5. Imponanl , cau Da 7IJ.7IR 

P ....... tol rocktall...,rty , TONIGHT - Friday 4 pm 
II ItsII Coall. ill "lID)' Del liar. W. will mlA. you 
brill, brew 
Surf __ 7 am .1 BIacIt.I. T ........ a! 
Sr.,...p al InlOtrcoile(i.1e ALIliet1C1 omce bel ... 1 
pm. 

r ..... 11 10 100 eblldr ••• 1 UCSD IludenU. 

rAUWELL TO "' CHILDaEN or VCSD 
mJlI&l'ft'S. CONCEfVED AND IAClllFICSD IN 
'UalUIT 0,. " THE NEW "ORALITY . " 

OPPOII! YOVII UG FEU P ... YING II.IIOR-
nONIITI' WANT TO DO IOME'nIING A.xJT 
m CAlL ..... OR.,_ 

NOTICE : A.ORTIONIST PAYMENTS IN· 
CLUDED IN UCSD SVMMER HEALTH 
lNsuaANCEI REJECT. aErUIE THESE 
'A YMEN'I1I. 
1HI ILAVEHOI.DI:RI PROTI:8T£DI " ooN7 
IMPOIE YOUR MORALI ON VSI" NOW 

~srs ClIII.NT THE ./\.ME URAIN. 
~11ONIftII FOR H1U NOW AD\'EIITlII: IN 
na: TTl IlEnJII: THEM YOUR REG PEEl! 
CALL _1i1l or .,..,. 

WOllEN! NOW IS THE TillE TO STAND UP FOR 
YOUR RIGHTS! SUN 1/ 11 I" • LAUREL. 
BALBOA PARX. PRo.cHOlCE RALLY FOil 
AIORTlON RlGII'tlI - ENDORSED IIY UCSD 
WOllEN .. CDlTD, FOR TRANSPORTATION 
CALL,..'I" 

..... _ .... ID...,_ .... _._ 

........ rk _Mk:aI ~1. P_, _II .. 
_TEH 
, __ """Mt iIIIl. ill _ .... PIau. Call -
....u!7 . ...... I • . 
Lost..- ~.I ...... P ..... I .......... 
,.r ..... valu • . Pl •••• c.11 Le,II. til· ..... 
To Dominic F .......... I hope you I'" boll 111m"'" 
Your my ...... nd r1_llrielld. I love you. Me (III, 
II ~O\I nd..,me .1 you, "utl.anla fide to Palo All<> 
Ju .. 17 • II Kltb a nd ... r tnlck . 411 ·IUI (II'. 
You (: n NVe t belly rlt. rrom tour of 1»8', 1_. Cau Z7'1-_. (II') 

T. 1 __ ft TTltall - I'm '0 .... mlN you III I 
hoc~oIolot Tho. for •• ",.1 yel'" Lo ••• Hoffer 

triton times P.15 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

HOW TO GET INTO THE MEDIA 
(IT'S NOT TOO LATE!) 
CAREER SUMMER 

A preeentMIon end dIecu,"on of ....... .., ........ lind how to get Into jobe In the media. 

PERFORMING ARTS 
ADVERTISING 

TELEVISION 
PRODUCTION 

WRITING 
When: Wednesday, June 14th 

11 :00 am-1 :00 p.rn 
Where: North' Conference Room 

Student Center 
MIKI EDGERTON, • repr .. entetlv. from GOODSON-TOOMAN PRODUCTIONS will be here. 
Drop by to meet her and hear whet the field h. tor yout 

** Another C ..... PI.nnlng • Placement Productton ** 
• a a • • • • • • a a • • • • • • • • • • • • • a • a a a • • • • • • a • • • • a a • • a • • • • • • 

1M 881 lor,.. 
IIITSUlorVOllS EI 
-------------~-----------------, 

! ,t.\~ ~. rilanaa l 
I @. WITH OUR TUNE· UP I 
,. SPECIAL I 

-----------~ .... ---------------.. ~--~ r----~--------------------------I 
I _-III I 
I I 
II 125 85 (REG, $35 ) VW ••• 85 (REG . $551 __ 'I 

• ON MOST .... " ON MOST --

I 
(EXCLUDING ' 72 AND LATER BUSESI I 

ALL PARTS AND LABOR GUARANTEED FOR 2 MOS , OR 2.000 MILES 
I I 
I 

TUNE-UP FOR YOUR VW OR DATSUN-INCLUDES: PLUGS. POINTS. I 
CONDENSOR, VALVE COvER GASKETS. ADJUST VALVES, ADJUST CARBURETOR, CLEAN 

IDISTRIBUTOR, CHEC~ PLUG WIRES. SET DWELL AND TIMING, CHANGE OIL. GASKETS It OIL FILTER I L __________________________ ~ ____ J 

ra----------Brllii-SiiL1if----------1 
I I WE WILL . REPLACE ALL BRAKES. MACHINE ALL DRUMS, PACK I 
I or FRONT BEARINGS. REPLACE FRONT SEALS. I 
! uour UUI ~!~~~~TS" ! DailUn ',!!.~!~! 
I DISC BRAKES SLIGHTLY HIGHER - NO HYDRAULICS INCLUDED I 
-----------~~~~~~~~~~~----------~ 

~o 
INDEPENDENT ~:..':~~ A~PvA~~~~~~e~c~ 

f88., VOt:T,t,IRE RIfT, OfiA ~ACH 1."" iiCiI El CAJON BlVD .. fAST SA" l)16Gp H3·:l271 
PlEASE MENTION THE ABOVE SPeCIAl. BEfORE SERVtCE 

OfFER !FIReS 12J~1I78 



....... .,. 

Counci$Ot~b;:siea:ugh get Phi Beta Kappa ho.nors 58 students 
by Jeff Beralord-Howe 

S&aff lYft.r 
At a meetiD, Wednesday 

nilbt, the AS Cauncil postponed 
conSideration of the JS~,ooo 
Activity Fee budlet unw an 
emeraency meetin, Monday 
moming, and approved their 
own $180,000 budJet. 

The Activity -Vee budget, 
ptesented by Activity Fee 
Board Chair Jim Atkins, ran 
into trouble before the council. 
Several council members 
complained that Atkins had not 

Jim Atkill. 

Chinese 
technology ... 
(Continued from page 4) 

Chinese leaders hope to 
rapidly increase oil production 
to provide both the energy for 
further industrialization and 
growing domestic needs and to 
export oil to earn the foreign 
exchange to finance importa-
tion of more Western techno-
logy. 

China has vast reserves of 
oil both on and off shore. 
Western estimates vary 
widely, from 20 billion barrels 
to well over 100 billion barrels, 
which would give China about 
three times the reserves of the 
United States. China's oil 
product io n - which rose 
sixfold between 1966 and 1976-
is estimated at 1.8 to 1.9 million 
barrels a day for last year, 
making China about the .tenth 
largest producer, comparable 
to Indonesia. 

China's goal reportedly is to 
boost production to 8 _ million 
barrels a day by 1990. But even 
at that rate, experts do not 
expect China to become a 
major oil exporter because of 
its growing domestic needs. 

Communist Party Chairman 
and Premier Hua Kuo-feng has 
called for creath u of 10 new oil 
fields as large as Taching, by 
far China's biggest field. But 
the most efficient reserves to be 
exploited are those offshore 
from the Po Hai Gulf to the Gulf 
of Tonkin. 

But offshore oil can be 
exploited soon only with 
Western help. 

-Pacific New. Service 

students and or.antlations Appointments and Evaluations 
before makiq final decisions Commissioner Marlene Peter-
on which student or.anizations son, but decided to hold off on 
would recieve fundin. and how mOlt of the important positions, 
much they would be allocated. includiD,l AS rel>reaentatives to 

In addition, several .roups the Advlsory Committee on 
received no bud,et request Student Fee Pro,rams, the 
fonns due to lack of status as 
"official" student organiza-
tions. Groups tncludeCI were 
Chile Democratico, the Cham-
shell Alliance, the Political 
Education Group, the Vietna-
mese Students Association and 
the World Affairs Club. 

A strictly allocated AS 
budget was also ap'proved by 
the council. AccoriHDI to AS 
Vice-president Ann carberry, 
the bud,et is desilned to be 
more comprehensive and 
detailed. ,/ 

"It's specifically line itemed 
and quantumly more fiscally 
responsible," Carberry told the 
Triton Times. Line iteming is a 
budgeting process by which 
funds are allocated for 
explicitly stated purposes , 
rather than simply being 
placed in a general fund. 

The AS will become more 
ac.tively involved in program-
mmg 10 the upcommg year, 
Carberry emphasized. 

In other action Wednesday, 
the council: 

-approved over forty 
appointments submitted by 

Aa.Carbeny 
Committee on Educational 
Policy (CEP) and the Policy 
Review Committee; -

-passed a resolution con-
demning the CEP report 
requiring reorganization of the 
Communications Program. 

Fifty-eight UCSD seniors were welcomed yesterday into Phi 
Beta Kappa, an honorary society founded in 1716. Harold Urey, 
Professor Emeritus of Chemistry, received an honorary 
membership as part of the initiation ceremonies. 

About one third of Phi Betta Kappa's initial members had 
fou,ht in the revolutionary war. As the society expanded, a 
senes of standards of scbolastic excellence was set up for 
welcomin, new members. By 1875 membership in Phi Beta 
Kappa had become a recognition of scholastic achievement in 
the humanities and sciences. Also in 1875, the society first 
admitted women. 

UCSD received its Phi Betta Kappa chapter last year, a result 
of the efforts by Roy Harvey Pearce, UCSD Professor of 
Literature. Pearce coordinated the multiyear process whicb 

i included tracking down the Phi Beta Kappa members 8DlOq 
the faculty and submitting a request to the national ch . of 
Phi Betta Kappa to have UCSD named as a chapter m . ' 
Less than 230 universities nationwide are members of Phi Beta 
Kappa. A university is accepted as a member of the society asa 
function of the quality of students, faculty and education which 
it provides. 

The UCSD seniors selecte(f as members this year were in the 
top 12 percent of their class. They were judaed as having a 
-broad educational background including training in 
mathematics and foreign languages as well as hi'h scholastic 
achievements. 

These students are: Robert Alei, Ran Anbar, Ethan Bier, 
Robert Bookstein, Ann Bowles, Barry Carlton, Robert Com, 
Brian Davis, Fredi Diamond, John Doemeny, Irving Edelrn?!1.: 
Julie Erwin, Solomon Friedberg, Maren Fristrup, Blytllc 
Garrie, Mary Giammona, Lawrence Harris and Jeffrey 
Harrison; 

Erica Heikoff, Danice Hertz, Susan Hudson, Charles Hyde, 
. Arlene Isenstein, Susan Johnson, Marc Katz, Laura Kerl, 
David Kiehl, Lisa Korst, Ellen Kramer, Lawrence Lamden, 
Susan Livezey, Joseph Lothringer, Joel McCormack, Michele 
Mietus, Lorraine Mills-Durran, Robin Molsberry and Hylton 
Murphy; 

Paul Nichols, Alan Nilsson, William Rampone, Mark Ritter, 
Eric Rodli, Marla Ross, Teresa Ryan, Martine Safran, Car 
Schulze, Steven Simon, Eric Sjorgren, Sandra Smith, Caro 
Steinberg, Linda Taylor, Judith Teltscher, Barbara 
Thornburgh, Vera Torp, Mark Van Schilfgaarde, Clifford 
Williams, Wendelin Woolf and Brian Zaidman. 

Day ca speakers •.. 
(Continued fr~m page 1) 
which students will demand 
concurrence on all relevant 
decisions. 

Terri McDarvy of the Decent 
Day Care Committee reported 
to the assembly that while 
Lieutenant Governor Mer"yn 
Dymally had pressured univer-
sity officials to drop the 
charges against the 22 arrested 
day care protestors, Chancellor 
McElroy had turned over the 

opposed to th historically 
condoned "more and bigger" 
quantitative change. 

The turniDg point 
"Today may be the turning 

point in western ciVilization," 

I case to the city attorney. •. The ha rra smen t con-
! tinues, she said, and told the 

~ crowd that police officers had 
f been photographing license 
t: plates of cars parked at the Day 

ulated Marcuse, "where 
men and women can finally 
enjoy the social wealth that 
been accumulated through the 
generations of civilization." He 
spoke of a reduction in the labor 
load a nd the formation of 
human solidarity and equality, 
because " finally we have the 
time and the good conscience." 

The ubiquitou. wu at the EI Cortez Tuellday Care- Center. McDarvy stated 
night for the vote-counting. For more election night picturea, that the city attorney intends to 
.ee page. 6 and 16. prosecute the protestors " to the 

full extent of the law", and that 
the group plans a forceful legal 
defense . 

While Marcuse sees quality 
day care as essential to the 
generation of children "that 
can work on the final improve-
ment of society," he reported to 
the crowd that "to the best of 
my knowledge, there are no 
small children of my own out 
there. " 

"Free Triton" 
charges ... 
(Continued from page 1-) 
according to a letter written by 
Scherr and YSA chairperson 
Gary Balsalm. 

Scherr believes , " The 
mysterious delivery of these 
private documents to the Free 
TrUon office reeks of FBI 
involvement. " 

Police 
harassment ... 
(Continued froni page 1) 
ing) have always been obser-
ved by at least two police cars," 
said Sullivan. 

Sullivan identified officers 
Joseph Thornell, Pamela 
Moes and Billy Mott as among 
those watching the day care 
center. Reed Alpert 

Marcuse 's oration focused on 
qualitative social change, as 

Watermelon drop set 
The 13th annual Revelle Watermelon Drop will take place i 

noon today at Urey Hall. The Watermelon Queen, Argo's Cor 
Clone, will preside. 

One pound of free watermelon and a live band will follow. 

Arc aeological dating method sparks controversy ... 
level low eno gh for the land bridge 
formation to o~cur ~rhaps 70,000 years 
before the pI e ent, ' in which case man 
might have migrated to the New World 
at that time. 

chief who thanked him for confirming the negative process of anion-exchange 
the belief that the Hopi history extends chromatography is employed. 
back into the hundreds of thousands of A reaction IS set up with the resulting 
year~; " I'd be ve~. surprised at that rel~tively pure sample of aspartic acid 
date, .. said Bada, but not at 100,000 which separates the right and left h{lnd 

datable by amino acid racemization, 
but just barely." 

Technician Dorothy Darling finds 
excitement in her job. ··It's a sort of 
pioneering effort. I mean, what's 

anthropolo~y without any kind of dates 
to ~o with It? That's one of the areas 
we ' re working for, to determine 
accurate dates. The knowledge of such 
is a great tool in term of rebuilding 
man's ancient history ." 

Bada's art de reports that the ages uf 
several Ccdifornia Paleo-Indian 
skeletons hllv been determined by 
amino acid racemization , which 
suggest th;It North America was 
inhabited b:' human beings at least 
50,000 years a,o. 

Bada speculated that the reason for 
the insistence that man was long 
established everywhere else in the 
world be ides North America is that it 
provides justification for the Europeans 
who settI d in the New World. If they 
figured that the " pagans" had only 
inhabited the land for a short tim , they 
then could as ume that they had equal 
right to the territorr' said Bada. 

" Hopi I gend tel of a great, long 
history, " and Bada mile ov r the HopI 

ye-~~Rcfa explained the lab process forms oCthe acid. Said Bada, " Thet"atio 
involved. A sample must first be . caluclated between the two sides is 
obtained and cleaned of all dirt. "You proportionate to the age. The higher the 
want the amino acids in the sample, a ratio, the older the sample." 
sizable fraction of which are tied up in The discovery of the technique, 
proteins,"saidBada. Theprotein must remembers Bada , " just sort of 
be b k happen d." He attended San Diego 

ro en up, accomplished by boiling State University a an undergraduate, 
the sample 10 acid for 24 hours, which and while doing graduate work at UCSD 
turns the proteins into amino acids. became intere ted in the pure organic 

After the acid ha been evaporated h from the ample, the flask is left with 10 c emistry of the amino acid racemiza-
tion r action . He wa curiou il to grams of inorganic aJt and one one- whether th process occured in n ture, 

millionth gram of amino acids, 
according to Bada . The alt ar andwh theritmightbeau fuldatin~ 
remov d through a posltiv pro es pro e . " It mu hroom 'd out of lhat.' 
called kation -exchang c hromato· arbon-14 and ammo acid raccmiza-
graphy , which I av a pur mixture of lion dating i.lr> vi w d a complim n-
about 20 ami no acid . To i olat the tary by Bada .. arbon·14 i inh r nUy 
a partic acid in whi h on i int re t d, mor a urat in a region whi hi i.l1 0 

In his adamance over the archaeo-
logical possibihti s on th campus. 
Bada pomted to I t ye r ' excavation 
of McElroy' ba(' }ard, aying thalthe 
full ext nt of the finding uld not be 
r vealed, but th,)t it W<l I arned that 
th inhabitants of the ar a, 18,500 y ars 
c.lgo wer proce ~ing I ,10 t. , and using 
th m u part of th >ir rcguli.ll di t, which 
i,' in dir ct ontr<lolction to previou 
thought. whIch wa pr 0 '('upi d with 
big-gam huntin . . I 

I i 


