
Volume 34, Number 3 UCSanDiego Friday, April 7,1978 

Land use 
initiative 
drive on 

Student freedom 
poliCies revised 

by Laura A. Kichler 
News Editor 

The day could be approach-
ing when San Diego children 
made friends with Los Angeles 
children . In the same neighbor-

uc Policy Review panel asks 
changes in-campus rules 

hood. 
Erratic urban sprawl con-

tinues to close the 99 mile gap 
between the two urban areas . 
A massive freeway network 
acts as an umbilical lifeline. A 
gro up of concerned San 
Diegans is dedkated to halting 
the unchecked spread of 
deve lopment, which they 
attribute to the construction 
industry and the mismanage-
ment of the city's land. 

Tom Shepard, former Del 
Mar City Council member and 
may or , current ly a UCSD 
employee, is part of a move-
ment to place an initiative on 
the November ballot which 
wou ld halt condominium 
conversions and land subdivi-
sions until a growth manage-
ment plan is adopted by the 
voters within a maximum time 
of 13 months, and says that 

by John Hondros 
Staff Writer 

A statwide UC Policy Review 
Committee has recently made 
revisions to the proposed UC 
Policies Applying to Campus 
Activities, Organizations, and 
Students , because of its 
threatening implications to 
students' freedom of expres 
sion, assembly and worsh"ip. 

Acording to ASUC Davis 
Vice-president Paul Rogers, a 
committee member, the major 
proposed policies concern non-
discrimination, use of univer-
sity properties and campus 
regulations. 

In 1975, a UC Policy Task 
Force was organized in order to 
provide new amendments to 
the 1973 version of the docu-
ment as there was a possibility 

VER OUT 0' THERE - Emmett Aahford, m.jor league of it being considered illegal, 
b •• eball'a firet bl.ck umpire, will "iait UCSD aa • gueat explained Rogers. 
lecturer April 10 to April 14. Highlight. ofhia at.y in San Diego After two years in the 
Nill include Aahford umpiring a UCSD b.aebaU g.me "a. working, the report was sent to 

..::.SO=u::t.:;:h:.=e=.rn=-=C:.; .. =-C=o.:;:lI:..=eg.::!!e.:..;....M.::...::..:.e....; • ....;to;;:..ry:.::.......;o_n...,p'-.c..::g"-e--,-9_. _______ President Saxon, whereupon he 

May or Peter Wilson was SI d t C t · · 
committed to the rechanneling U en e n e. r 0 rg a n I, Z 1 n 9 
of growth into the downtown 
area until last November, when by Eric Jaye . ' Brown \\!as asked to comment on the 
he had to mollify his conserva- Staff Writer elimination of O'Halloran's position and the 
tive backer . A significant element in the Student Center Student Center budget as a whole, but she 

" Growth management is not Board (SCB) budget approved by the AS Council refused stating that she feared being misquoted . 
an is ue which appeals to Wednesday night was the elimination of the Another reason for the elimination of the 
Republicans," said Shepard. Program Coordinator position, which, po ition was, according to Eckery, " to get the 

According to Shepard, the according to Student Center Board Chairman Student Center out of the business of 
ballot measure, which requires John Jenkel , will free money to be used for programming." Eckery said that most of the 
36,000 signatures during the greater student benefit. progamming put on by the Student Center will 
period from April 6 to April 30 , Jenkel said that the board looked for be shifted to the AS Activitie Commis ioner's 
will force the city to face the "flexible" money as it reviewed the Student Office and to University Events. 
fact that the downtown area Center budget and it decided that the duties of Eckery said that this was an attempt to 
" will die" without funds for the full time program coordinator could be centralize programming which, he said was, 
redevelopment and that state divided between the existing staff and a part- "spread out all over campus." 
allocations are not made to time student. According to Jenkel , the exclusion of the 
a reas which do not have a The position is held by Michael O'Halloran Program Coordinator and the inclusion of such 
growth management plan in who said, " It was the board's decision and I'm items as a half time maintanance person in the 
u e . not at odds with it. " Student Center budget will help the center 

Sh'epard feels that public O'Halloran's job as program coordinator "serve students better." 
services are suffering and will includes makina room reservations for the A current high 'priority issue for the Student 
decline in quality as residential Student Center as well as facilitating Center Board is how to handle its reserve. The 
communities expand to rural programming . According to SCB member Student Center has now a combined contingency 
areas where " land is less Kevin Eckery , O'Halloran's position was and unallocated reserve totalling $48,770. This is 
expensive" for the developers, created by Student Center Director Maggie due in part to the increase in the Student Center 
he said. . Brown last year before the creation of the fee over last year and the rent to be paid by 

Carl Ludlow, who is the Student Center Board because she thought "a Future Foods restaurant, CIEE Travel and 
former administrative assis- need had been demonstrated for it." Groundwork Books. 
ta nt for Supervisor Roger Jenkelsaidthatattimesthereseemedtobea Jenkel said that setting up a " mall area" 
Hedgecock, now heads the need for a full time person in the position but due which would attract other businesses to 
initiative effort but says that he to the " nature of the work load it was complement the restaurant and the proposed 

sent copies to review commit-
tees on each campus in order to 
receive feedback Rogers said. 

The proposed policy on non-
discrimination is the major 
issue being dealt with, said 
Rogers . Presently, the docu-
ments state that " the univer-
sity is committed to a policy 
against discriminatory prac-
tices based upon race, religion, 
national origin or sex." 

The Policy Review Commit-
tee has recommended that 
" sexual or affectional pre-
ference" be added, according 
to Rogers , who added that there 
has been a lot of dispute over 
this policy recommendation. 

Another major policy being 
discuss d concerns the use of 
university properties (or 
religious or political activities. 
It was originally proposed the 
use of university resources and 
facilities not be used by 
religious or political purposes 
or activities_ In contrast, the 
Committee recommended that 
the university cultivate 
existence of such groups by 
providing them with equal 

·access to resources and 
facilities , as the e activities are 
a vital part of the academic 
community. 

" However, this eliminates 
the activity oC partisan political 
campaigning," said Rogers. 
The dispute over this recom-
mendation concerned the usage 
of university facilities for 
political campaigning pur-
poses. Rogers said the usage of 
facilities for such purposes will 
be dependent upon the flexi-
bility of individual campuses' 
policies. 

At first, the student commit-
tees were only allowed two 
weeks to give their input on the 
revisions , which wasn't 
enough time , according to 
Rogers . After a two-month 
delay, the revisions were sent 
to Saxon, he added. (Please ,urn &0 pale 6 belt by students. pub is being considered. 

----. Few women administrators 

~pprolld .... tely 60 at.de.t. proteate4 WeeI • ..-" _ora .. i. front of Vice-c .... ceDor of 
c.~emic AH.ire P •• I Sah .... '. office 0\IeJ' tile lack of bniWias .pace for Wil W"'ht'a 

SoCiology 157 c ..... W .... ht'. IMt ••• rter.t UCSD .... ca •• tre .... ., •• pop.larity in ... 
cour e , ra.hi •• i. o"ercrowd" •• d tile i_WHty of .... y ahltle.t. to get i.to II. clunea 

Itman • id, "V.riotI. eoI.tioae are Wnslookeel i.to." He ..... ed that, "We'd be deJ~hted 
to fi~d.. tune a.d ..... ce for a HcOad lecture." Saltm •• aIeo IIOteei th.t t"ere ",a the 
po Ibdlty th.t ct. dio " ••• 1 ... ipme.t misht be ...... " 

found at US universities 
(CPS) - " If you are a woman and you want to become a college 

president, become a nun." 
Marjorie Wagner, former pre ident of Sonoma State olleg in 

California, didn 't have to take that route. But ata recent peech at 
Stanford Univer ity , he back d her ad i with a tartling 
tatistic - of the 110 worn n college pre id nt in th toda , 87 

, 

I , 



triton times F~"ApnI7,1'71 

Indira makes comeback on polItICS of depression 
by GaUO~edt 

Pacific News Service 
(EdUor's DOte: JUlt a year alO, India -
and lite resa 01 &lie ..odd - celebrate ahe 
reblnh oldie world's !Jllles& llemocracy. 
ladla'. au&oc:ra&ic: leader, IDdlra Gandhi, 
had bee8 deleated ill a drama&ic: &rIumpil of 
democracy. Ba& &aday Iadlra Gandhi once 
apiJI Is a aaUoaal lorce In IDCIla. Her 
s&rlklnl polUlcal comeback reveals 
problems Indla Is sdll unable &0 ave. TIle 
loIIowiDlls an exc:Jusive aDd altdiort&a&lve 
repon OIl IDCllra Gaadlll aDd die poU&lc:s of 
desperaUon, keyed &0 die Iln& anDivenary 
of die rebir&b of ladlan democracy on 
Marcb U, 

Pune, India - Scorned as a fallen 
dictator 12 months ago, Indira Gandhi 
today is a woman riding the forces of 
history in this vast, often desperately poor 
n.ation of more than 630 million people. The 
mobs cheering Gandhi revere her as a 
returned Messiah. Her opponents fear she 
is subverting Indian democracy, which she 
harshly suppressed during her " Emer-
gency" rule from 1975 to 19n. 

What no one disputes is that, just a year 
after her massive election defeat was 
celebrated as a day of national liberation, 
Indira Gandhi once again is remaking the 
face of Indiall politics. 

What is going on? Elections, prime 
ministers, governments come and go in 
India. But whether the political prisons are 
full or empty, whether the press is censored 
or not, the poor remain with India always. 

Gandhi , whose supporters swept 
important state elections in south India 
only last month, has turned the politics of 
desperation into the most impressive 
political comehack in Indian history. 

In the year since she lost an empress ' 
crown, Gandhi - the autocratic heiress of 
India ' most powerful political dynasty -
has garbed her politics in a homespun sari 
and turned herself into the sell-proclaimed 
saviorofthe poor, the hungry, theoutcaste, 
the dispossessed. 

And in a land where the majority is poor, 
where hundreds of millions are always 
hungry , such tactics can translate 
themselves from electoral repudia tion into 
millions of votes between one monsoon and 
the next. The result: almost singlehand-
edly, Gandhi has built her splinter political 

.' Mark Stadler 

party into a major force in South India. She 
now clearly is aiming to recapture her 
power hase in the crucial heartland of north 
India . 

There are differences from the days 
when Indira Gandhi ruled India and had 
millions brought to her rallies in state· 
owned buses and trucks. There are no 
official helicopters now. She campaigns by 
car, travelinB -the arduous miles of India 's 
endless rural areas, stopping for speeches, 
or simply appearing before those who 
throng the roads. The crowds are massive, 
often waiting five or six hours for her 
appearance. Their frequent silence makes 
many skeptics believe they are coming not 
out of enthusiasm, but mere curiosity to see 
a fallen queen. 
. But in economically backward areas and' 
in rural India, Gandhi f.inds spontaneous 
enthusiasm. Mobs flood the ra lly fields, 
applauding Wildly. 

Gail Omvedt, former professor of sociology 
at the University of California. San Diego, 
is an India specialist now living in India. 
She is author of Cultural Revolt in a 
Colonial Society, a study of India under 
British rule and a contributor to the Far 
Eastern Economic Review. 

Here in Pune, an old cultural center and 
growing industriai city. Indira has no 
political machine. The middle class is 
hostile , the trade unions cynical. But she 
appears alone before the crowd of 50,000, 
with no retinue, no police guard. The 
hundreds of young men who surround her 
are slum boys, " Dailits", the militant 
untouchables of the area . 

In her quest [or a new . political base. 
Gandhi now is using a harsh , almost 
Marxist rhetoric of class conflict a nd 
oppression. She claims that India 's ruling 
J a nata Party - the coa lition of non-
Communist democrates that defeated her 
last year - is the party o[ casteism, 
capitalism and communalism," with no 
economic program at all . She accuses the 
government of backing landlords who 
murder Harijan agricultural laborers, of 
ordering police to fire on striking workers. 
Gandhi assets an incident last December in 
the industrial city of Kanpur in north India 
left hundreds of textile workers dead. 

"The official count is only 11 . " she 
declares, "but workers themselves told me 
that between two and three hundred were 
killed. " 

The crowd cheers , forBetting th a t 
Gandhi's own brutal suppression of a 
railroad strike in 1975 was the beginning of 
the end of democracy .during her Drime 
ministership. 

While dismissing as oppressors both her 
Janata opponents and her former 
colleagues of the Congress Party, who also 
have repudiated her, Gandhi is barely 
penitent about her own acts of oppression. 
which included millions of forced 
sterilizations and the mass imprisonment 
of rural reformers and labor leaders. She 
describes her "Emergency" dictatorship 
as a program of progressive economic 
poliCies. 

The Emergency, Gandhi tells the waiting 
throngs, was a "shock tactic" that will not 
be repeated for "a thousand years." There 
were a few excesses. she concedes, but it 
was designed to do a job, to bring discipline 
to the country and progress for the poorest. 
Now, she declares, the poor them elves 
mu t help her to finish the job. 

While casting herself a the champion of 
the " backward masse " . Gandhi also 
borrows anti-democ ratic , even revolu-
tloary themes from her most bi tter 
opponents. Election verdict hardly count, 
she has said, because the landlords and rich 
peasants who dominate rura l society 
preve nt the common people from 
.expressing their will. " In a semi-feudal 
society," Gandhi declares. "elections are a 
sham." 

This was exactly the theme once used by 
her Naxalite opponents - revolutionaries 
who sought to organize poor peasants for 
the violent capture of state power, and were 
killed and tortured in Gandhi's jails. 
Gandhi now also vows to " lead a class 
struggle" against the present, free ly 
elected government - which is what her 
one-time socialist opponent Jayaprakash 
Narayan ("J .P .") vowed agai nst Gandhi 's 
dictatorship. 

But there are differences. In contrast to 
J .P ., who built the n lional movement that 
overthrew her by appeals to youth and the 
discontented middle clas es, Indira has 
been making her ' politIC!;" ajJpebl' to the 

very lowest sections of ociety. Here in the 
Maharashtra state, Gandhi has won 
support in the backward eastern region of 
Vidarbha. and from representatives of the 
Ha rijans. In contrast. her opponents are 
considered the representatives of the 
dominant caste Mara thas, and of rich 
farmers who control the rural councils 
and cooperati ve sugar factories in lhe more 
affluent regions near Bombay. 

In Karnataka state just to the south, 
Gandhi has allied herself with Devaraj Urs, 
the Emergency-period state chief minister 
who built his power among the "backward 
classes" in opposition to the dominant-
caste rich peasants and landlords who 
support the J anata Party. Gandhi also 
ca refully ha s cultivated support by 
appealing to regio nal discontents In 
Tamilnadu - the far southern sta te that 
has for decades nursed grievance aga inst 
the "Brahman" and " Aryan" domination 
of the north . 

The equation of Ganhdi's comeback is 
clear: She appeals to the unorganized poor 
resenting the organizations of the rich , to 
Muslims who fea r Hindu-chauvanistic 
tendencies within the J anata Party. to 
southern Indi a ns fe a ring northern 
domination: to the low castes who have 
been rising up with increased aggressive-
ne s again t upper-caste landowners. 

It is no wonder that Gandhi's opponents 
are accusing her of using every " divisive" 
tendency in India. 

But Mrs. Gandhi is al 0 clearly different 
from the Indian Ma rxists and othe r 
radicals she suppressed in the past. Forone 
thing, she has no intention of leading a 
communist revolution. As she stres d in 
private ta lks with Willy Brandt, she is the 
one who has been the best able to hold bark 
communism in India. Indeed , Gandhi 
accu es the Janata government of " letting 
in communism from the ea t " - a 
reference to Marxi t electoral victories in 
free elections in West Bengal and Tripura 
states . . 

However limited Gandhi 's real 
revolutionary intentions are. her renewed 
appeal to the Indian masses is causing 
inte nse unhappines among India ns 
committed to constitutional democracy. 

• (Please turn ~ page 3t 

New replaces old at .Oscars as politics flourish 
Th is y e a r ' s A ca d e my 

Award s offe red c onc lusi ve 
proof - if any more proof is 
ne cessary - that the old 
Hollywood, of big studio films 
and sta r s , is being gradua lly 
replaced by the new Holly-
wood, of individua l e ffor ts a nd 
i nd e pend ent sta r s . J ust a 
glance at the winners ,in the 
most prestigious categories-
best film, actor, actress a nd 
director - show how t h e 
replacement process is taki ng 
place. 

Richard Dreyfus, arrogant , 
young and talented , was voted 
best actor over R ic ha rd 

Burton , who has been nomi-
nated for the a wa rd severa l 
ti m es over th e past two 
decades. Diane Keaton, also 
young and talented , a s well as 
some what eccentric , w as 
picked best actress, over such 
long tim e regulars as Shirley 
MacLaine and Anne Ba ncroft. 

Woody Allen , the pe rpetua l 
neurotic lone r , was na m ed 
best di rector, over nota bles 
like Herbert Ross and F red 
Zinnemann (althoug h the two 
youngest director-candidates, 
George Lucas and Steven 
Spie lberg, a lso lost out to 
Allen.) 

Yet the strongest indicator 
of the new trend was the best 
film selection. Annie Hall , the 
offbeat , autobiographical love 
story , the " nervous romance" 
was selected over films like 
Julia a nd The Turning Point , 
which were expected to have a 
better shot a t the a wa rd. 

Still , th e Holl y wood old 
guard was present in la rge 
numbers at th e O sca r s 
pre e nt a t ion . As always , 
many old timers were hauled 
out for adulation. Bob Hope-
complete with his s ta ble of 
gag write rs - was master of 
cerm o nies fo r t h e entire 
eve ning , a jo b he ha s n ' t 
performed since 1968. Others, 
like Sa mmy Dav is, Jr., Bette 
Da vis a nd Cha rlton Heston, 
a lso appeared, either to sing, 
pres ent a n a ward or be 
honored. 

The gaudy gla mour which is 
always associated with the 
Old Hollywood was also 
present, in abundance. This 
year was the 50th a nniversary 
of the Academy Awards, and 
so a 50-foot high replica of the 
Oscar statuette was placed on 
the awards stage. In addition, 
there were the usual vast and 
opulent dances to ·go with 
versions of the nominated 
songs. 

Those two elements - the 
old and the new, the glamour 
and the lack of pretense -
mixed together in the peculiar 
brew at Monday 's awards 
ceremony . The brew the n 
received further sea oning 
from omnipresent pOlitics . 
Hope was more right than he 
m ay have realized when he 
said in his opening mono-
logue, " Welcom to the real 

.. 

Rkhard Dreyfa •• , .hown here in "Clo.e Eneo.ote ... of the 
Third Kiod." 
The cause ot all the prob-

lems was the running feud 
between the Jewish Defense 
League and actress Vanessa 
Redgrave, who recently made 
a documentary about the 
Palestinian Liberation 
Organization . The JDL 
believes Redgrave is an anti -
semite, and so picketed the 
ceremony to protest her 
nomination as best supporting 
actress for her role in Julia . 

When Redgrave received 
the award in that category, 
she took the opportunity to 
thank her fellow actors for 
" tanding up to a small bunch 
of Zionist hoodlums whose 
behavior is a n insult to Jews 
a ll over the world." 

r durin the ceremon , 

screenwriter Paddy C hay-
evsky, while presenting the 
writers awards, replied to 
Redgrave, saying, " ('m sick 
and tired of people exploiting 
the occasion of the Academy 
Awards to propogate their 
own views ... (the award to 
Redgrave) was not a pivotal 
point in history - a simple 
' thank you' would have 
sufficed." 

Chayevsky received much 
stronger applause than did 
Redgrave , as t he people 
present obviously wanted to 
keep the bad feelings outside 
with the pickets on the streets . 
But Redgrave had a point. She 
ha an opinion about the 
iss ups in the Middle East. and 

(Please turn to page 14) 

FrIday, April 7, 1.71 

..Qpinion 
Indira's comeback ... 
(Continued from page 2) 

" Don't people realize that the Emergency did nothing for them?" ask 
anguished middle class ?~servers . " It was Indi r~ who de~~royed hu~an 

right~ and unleashed a VICIOUS attack on the working class. charge uDlon 
activists she once jailed. Accusations of hypocri y abound. But they have 
had little effect. The more Gandhi is condemned as the source of all 
politiwl evils , the more it seem to help her. 

In fact, the masses of the Indian poor have not been completely irrationa l 
in re ponding to the appeals of the " new Indira ." Take, for example, the 
issue of Gandhi's dictatorial excesses. The only Emergency program that 
touch d huge numbe rs of Indians in a negat ive way was forced 
sterilization, carried out under the dictates of Indira 's son ·Sanjay. 
According to demagra pher Ashish Bose, .. About 7 million people were 
victims of lhe Sanjay Effect," and forcibly sterilized during Gandhi 's 
Emergency years. , 

But such figures must be compared to other Emergency mea ures, 
notably Gandhi's "Twenty Point Program" designed to help, or ({lleast 
impress the poor. Millions of people got a few barren acres of land, a lany 
inadequate house, a few utensils back from moneylenders. Under 
Gandhi 's rule, others were freed from debt-slavery in a much publicized 
program. It is irrelevant that these measures were temporary a nd 
ineffective . For those who had had nothing before, they seemed Iik~ 
something - and they wt!re identified with the name of Indira Gandhi. 

As for India's organized workers. it is true that Gandhi deprived them of 
bonuses and the freedom to strike. That was a chief reason for the 
widespread support for. the Emergency from businessmen. 

But today workers are getting little more from democracy and the 
Janata government. Their new freedom to strike has led to further 
clampdowns on union meetings. to numerous cases of police firings , and to 
a news blackout on industrial unrest reminiscent of Gandhi's own. 

Most important, Gandhi 's rhetoric about class exploitation and "sham 
elections" touches a bitter reality in many Indians ' lives. Take Vidarbha , 
for example. the eastern region of Maharashtra state where Indira Gandhi 
began her recent national campaign. . 

Maharashtl'a is India 's most industrialized state. Its western region, 
centered around Bombay, is full of irriga ted fields, sugar cane, crowded 
roads , motorcycles, a 11 the signs of agricultural growth. But Vida rbha , and 
the other regions to the east, are sleepy, dry, dust-ridden backwa rd areas, 
touched little by either industrial or a,gricultural growth . 

Here the attempts at social reform an economic development have had 
little impact. The forces of Hindu orthodoxy and communal prejudice 
remain strong. Conservative Brahmans stm dominate the schools, the 
bureaucracy and the professions, which in turn are identified now with 
Gandhi's opponents. 

During Gandhi 's Emergency there was little forced sterilization in this 
remote area. But in the village of Wasi , about 35 miles from Nagpur. 
untouchables who previously had been forbidden to take water from the 
same we ll as caste Hindus were encouraged to assert their rights. Low-
caste women. [acing the backbreaking job of fetching water every day, 
began to draw water from the public well in December 1976. 

As a result, landowners refused to give work to their husbands, mostly 
landless agricultural laborers. Village craCtsmen stopped providing 
services. Merchants refused to sell them goods. Police barred them from 
taking funeral processions through villa" roads. Newspapers denounced 
the campaign fer the right of untouchables to take water fro!fl a public well 
- (Please tUm to page 5) 

triton times 

Letter to the editor 

... CHECK, EN6LI$H PII~/l. 
'THAT Is lXJE 1tI04Y ••• '''CCI(! 

No valid representation at Reg Fee 
Editor: 

If anyone thinks that there is 
valid student representation on this 
campus, they had only to be at the 
Mareti 15 meeting of the Reg Fee 
Committee to have their hubble 
burst. 

What we saw was the intimida-
tion of the committee by Associate 
Vice-chancellor Rick Whitehill, the 
committee'sca-chair. In addition to 
his usual one-sided dealings with 
the committee to push his views. he 
made a mockery of its advisory 
status by outright refusing to abide 
by a proposed recommendation. 
The recommendation was that the 
committee advise the 'Vice -
chancellor of Student Affairs to 
appoint a student to join Whitehill 
and the Muir College Dean'sstafCin 
a study that Whitehill perpetuated 
to " look at" the Dean's Office. 

Whitehill and Vice-chancellor 
Hunt both refused to partake of the 
agreement prior to the vote. The 
vote predictably fa iled. 

This all brings us to the basic 
issue of who should decide how to 
use our fees and how to structure 
our system . We appreCiate 
Whitehill's fiscal expertise but feel 
that his personal interests impede 
the process of the committee. 
. We feel that the AS should act 
strongly, NOW , to restructure the 

committee and its function. 
We urge the AS to bring about a 

Reg Fee Committee that reports 
directly to the Vice-chancellor, 
with binding funding responsibility 
through a 213 vote. The commit-
tee's representation could remain 
the same with the exc ~ption that the 
chair must be held by one student, 
and that the Vice-cbancellor ' s 
office would not have a voting 
member on the committee. 

The Vice-chancellor's appointee 
(i.e. Whitehill) could continue to act 
in an advisory capacity_ The point 
is , why s hourd Whitehill , who 
basica lly coordinates the final 
b~~get with_ the Vice-chancellor, be 

able to use the committee to make It 
seem like he has student support? 

Whitehill has made a mockery of 
the committee one time too many. 
Hunt does not seem to accept the 
committee's validity. 

It is time that the AS show its 
strength and move for a restruc· 
turing of the committee. If the AS 
did nothing else this year, this 

. restructuring could prove our 
government's strength and validity 
to both the students a nd the 
administration. 
(Editor's nole: This letter was 
signed by over 100 Muir students. 
Tbeir names are on file at the Triton 
Times' office, available for public 
inspection. ) 

The Triton Times is publ ished by UCSO students as an olficialstutlent newspaper .. 
f>ublication Is on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school year 
(except on official holidays). Editorial and bUSiness offices are located In the Student 
Center at the University of California. San ~iego. For editorial, call .52-3466; for 
business and display advertising, call ~2-3468. 

Letters to the editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submisaJoins should be 
typed and double-spaced on a 6&-space line. They should not exceed t IS pages in 
length. 

Submitted material must bear the name and student Identification number tlf the 
author. N.mee can bewithheld from publication on request; however, then.mas will be 
held on lIIe for public Inspection. 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of space limitations 
or IIyIe requirements. • 

Entire contents copyright 1918 the Triton Times. 

NATIONAL SORORITY RUSH 

. ' 

Parties: 
Monday April 10: International Center 7-8:15 pm 
Tuesday April 11: Revelle Informal Lounge 6:30-7:30 pm 

Revelle Formal Lounge 7:30;'8:30 pm 

AOlT 

For information call: 
Marci at 453-6075 
Rachel at 452-9546 

COME AND GET ACQUAINTED! 
All Interested Women Are Welcome ,To Attend 



F,..y, AprIl 7, 1171 

GET IT BETFIER • F THE ""HERIEHOUSIE·· 

TI ED OF THE S E OLD THI 87 
Brighten your day with ... 

NEW MUS/Cl ••• NEW ARTIS,TSl ••• trom CBS RECORDS i I I' ANDTAPES • • • 

JE 35074 last _ . Rolli". S_ 
Wled Ru .... 1 D.sIIleli In ... lUi-
tlriat, Thl. year . ..... rKOrded hi. 
IIrst solo album-"EIitvwtor," lI_ 
Ind find out why, 

WALTER EGAN 
NOT SHY 

including: 
S_t SoutII ...... /MegMI1iItd s'"' 

FiNlly Find A GIrtfriend 
s...I!1ThODuo'~_ 

JC 35077 This is the second album 
Irom one of the briahtest new stars 
of 1977. It is another spectacullr 
collection 01 lun rock tunes and per· 
sonll lyrics. 

BRAINSTORM 
Journey To The l ight 

including: 
w.·r.OnOutW.yHome(P .... ,& 21 

l""..., Jus. Y"" IBr_ Ne .. o.y 
EverW' Tim40 I s.. You-I Go Wltd! 

Journey To The Llgh' 

JZ 35327 Brand new from arain· 
storm-an e.plosive hiah·powered 
storm of soul Ind dl$Oo excit.ment. 
A must for panyin' or just plain 
eroovin'. 

MFRS SUO. LIST 7.98 
TICKETED AT 5.87 

YOUR CHOICE!. .. ALBUM OR TAPES! 

HDUNDS 
UNLEASHED 

incauchn ... : 
~_.ndIJ.., ..... T."9II'''' 

n Be '(ou( MIIg.c Man 
When The Boppers Turn To Ro<:ken 

The Ale" Of Loye 

JC 35085 Blistering music I rom 
Chicago' s premier rock and roll ba nd 
In thei r long' IIW3lted powerhouse 
debut. 

Ttl NIELSEN PEARSON BAND 
induIIInII: 

_t_To .. 
_lTllolThtl_I_IIIt __ _ 

,_ ASOtotI/_~ 

JE 34984 Reed Ni.ls.n and Mark 
Penson hllve put together a collec· 
tion of 10 are.t songs and some of 
their .lready·famoul> musiCian friends 
to give you one of the finest albums 
of the year. Take I listen. 

NICK LOWE 
PURE POP FOR NOW 

PEOPLE 
rnc:1uding: 

So H <;.,.o/H .. " Of The CHylThtv ~ "Rock 
"l .... ThO SO<Ind OIl Br .... ing GI ... 

Nu~od By Rellily 

JC 35329 The producer of Elvis 
Costello strikes out with his own 
sones, " .. . so preCISely crafted that 
il often seems he hiS a direct line 
to h •• v.n's immaculale juk.·bo . ... 
(Melody Ma~.r) 

The 11 .. 1 
Up Sen ICe 

JC 35331 Elvis Costello'S incredi· 
bl. second .Ibum lollows hot on tile 
h.els 01 hi. hit album. " My Aim Is 
Tru . ... Elvis is the most talked .bout, 
wriHen .bout new anist 01 197B. 

WET WILLIE 
MANORlSMS 

Includtng; 
Ralnman Stre.t CCMner Serenade 

M ••• You F"llO~~~~~~' Turn Me Awav 

J E 34983 Record.d in the rural 
countrys id. 01 Engllnd. Wet W,II,. 
brings I whole new accent to their 
music with ··Manonsms." 

~~ 
S~7iu 

onc~: 
On And enfOaydre.",., /f<lng Tut 

RenegMte/R.,,,,bowWlngs 

JC 35298 Vibrant, soulful .uo· 
phonist Mark COlby makes an impor· 
t.nt debut a, some 01 the WOrld 's 
top muslcilns assISt hIS ,nterpr.ta· 
tions 01 melodic pieces and progreso 
sive inventions. 

1'li9d (){u~ 
'""1ucIrn9: 

Rain, Oa,/5..y Goodb,.lo Hollywood 
You Know fli AlwlIYs lowtl '1bu /PIeaM Oon'1 Ta .... 

CasHY 8k.te 

JC 35048 Nigel Olsson, one 01 the 
world ' s premier rock ' n' roll drum-
mers, shows that he is also a Blfted 
voca list and songwriter With thiS 
albulll of powerful song5. 

DRAGON 
incIuIIIftF 

1!1n."",,_ 
GelTlIeI~OtoI_ 

--,.....- --

JR 35068 Alter two pl.tinum .1· 
bum. In Australil, Dr.aon h •• final· 
Iy ... ~eCI the shor •• of America . 
Thl. I. tlla album that meCIo th.m 
the #1 arouP on that conllnent. 

' 1IKE FI:\:\IGA:\ 
81.:\("1, & WI liTE 

Inckxhng 
juS! One Minute MOle E.ptesswa~ To YOUt' Hean 

Salilish The Words I Coutd ,,"ver leave You 

JC 3 ::2511 W'lh a background that 
reads It"''! a Who 's Who of rock and 
ro'i. Mike Ftnmgan steps Into the 
spotlight With a stuflmng debut 
album. 

PraakMut.o 

,\1WI&.UIH7 
( LIVE ) 

' Indodng: 
__ /Dr--"" 

_"_I"' ____ ITht_ 

JC 35257 Witll this " Live" LP, 
Frank, Paul . and Jimmy give us • 
present 01 III their 1I0ttest tunes, 
recorded wllere you like tllem best-
on the concert staee. 

MEATI.OAf 
lot Out Of Hell 

including: 
_.en c.., W.",FOtCrying Ou'loud 

... Out 01 Hefl/Porad ... ByTlMl O .. hboord lighl 
lWoOuIOtT_Ain'llIad 

. - ,.,r'··· 

PE 34974 Brilliant voc~ls by Meat 
l~I. (;jassic songs by Jim Stein· 
man. Spectacular productIOn and 
guitars by Todd Rundg' en. " Bat Out 
01 Hell" is the album where rock & 

. roll dreams come true. 

JC 35294 This e.citlne new band 
from Scotland has been picked by 
both RKord World (U .S.) and M.I· 
ody Maker (U .K.) IS New Anists To 
Witch For In ' 78. 

JC 35293 A ricll recordinJ of ten 
new or'lina' selectioM written by 
lain and Gavin Sutherland. It I •• · 
tures the diStinctive vocal harmonies 
that make their muaic impossible to 
resist. 

HURRY!. •• THIS SALE POSITIVELY ENDS WEDNESDAY, APRIL 5, 1978! 

1414 G.met Avenue - Peclfle Seech 4344 Convoy St'Ht - Kearney M ... 6335 EI Cajon Blvd, - San Diego 
31th . University - s .... Diego 
Plaza EI Camino Real - Ca~.bad 

1702 Eat Vafley P.way - EacondIdo 
FaahIon Valle, Mall - San Diego Parkway Plaza Ent - EI Caton Million Valley Center - MI .. lon Valley 

485 Fifth Avenue - Chula Vllta Grollmont Center - La M .. a Un .. .,.lty Towne Cent,e - L. Jolla 
Aztec Center - San SI"e 

Friday, Ap~17, 1 '7' triton times 
----------------.------~-----------

Pages 

New Indira uses depression to a.ppeal to masses ... 
(ConUnued from pale 3) 
for "creating troubles and tensions 
in a peaceful situation." 

When one considers that what 
happened in Wasi is mild compared 
to some other parts of India -
where untouchables have been 
burned to death for seeking social 
and economic rights - it is clear 
that even thouah democracy has 
bee n restored in India , there 
remain overwhelming grievances 
[or a politician like Gandhi to 
exploit. 

In fact Gandhi - more success-
fu lly than any other Indian 
politician - has been winning votes 
for decades by appealing to such 
grievances . It is a sign of how 
massive India's problems are, of 
how little dictatorship and 
democracy alike can do to solve 
them, that such a campaign 
strategy is still winning elections 
for her today .. 

As early as 1969, Gandhi used 
si milar tactics to turn mass 
desperation into a s harp·edged 
political sword (or her own ends. 
Initia lly made prime minister 
because she was the daughter of 
thei r revered independence leader 
Jawaharial Nehru, Gandhi was 
presumed to be a pliable figurehead 
for senior Congress Pa rty leaders. 
Moraji Desai, now prime minister, 
called her a " mere slip of a girl." 
George Ferna ndez, a labor leader 
who is now a minister in Desai 's 
government, dismi sed her as a 
" dumb doll." 

Indira responded with the same 
tac tics she is using now . She 
announced a program to nation· 
alize banks. sing the slogan of 
gari bi hatao - " remove poverty" 
- she forced opponents like Desai 
out of the party. 

It was the beginning of a spiraling 
political career. By 1970 people 
began to talk of the " Indira wave." 
Then, following her victory over 
Paidstan during the Bangladesh 
war, she swept the 1971 and 1972 
elections with maje tic force\ By 
1973 journalists and the opposition 
politicians were talking of the 
" Empress of India ," By 1975, with 
the Emergency, she seemed to 
have become in reality what her 
opponents had called her in scorn, 
the "Queen of Delhi. " 

Then the spiral took a plunge. A 
rna sive turnout by disenchanted 
voters led to Gandhi's unexpected 
and overwhelming rejection at the 
polls in March 1977 . Janata 
activists euphorica lly called it 
" India's second l iberation . " 
American commentators spoke of 
the , " restoration of democracy." 
Battere d a nd sile nt Indira 

announced that she accepted the 
verdict of the people ' 'unreservedly 
and in a spirit of humility." 

A wave of post· Emergency books 
appeard with titles like The Rise 
and rail of Indira GancI .. 1. Political 
obscurity and even jail seemed to 
loom ahead. 

But the political obituaries 
ignored the fact that een the most 
massive election victories cannot 
fill empty stomachs, or dispel 
cas te , religious and regional 
hositilities built up over centuries. 

Once the first flush of enthusiasm 
with the new Janata government 
began to subside and despair 
settled againon India 's half-hungry 

settled again on India 's hall -
hungry, unemployed and bullied 
masses, Indira Gandhi began to 
make small forays, exploratorY 
public speeches. She blamed the 
government for "a trocities " 
against the poor, and for a do· 
nothing economic policy. A badly 
bungled arrest early in October 
1977 gave her an opening. When the 
presiding judge found the evidence 
inadequate to hold her on corrup-
tion charges, Gandhi made an 
immediate visit to Prime Minister 
Desai's home state of Gujarat. The 
fallen empress was greeted with 
massive public applause. 

Taking this as her cue for a 
poli tica l offensive, Indira at· 
tempted to recapture the leader· 
ship of her own Congress party, 
demanding that Party President 
Brahamananda Redd~ resign. The 
party leaders re isted, and when 
she toured the southern states that 
were practica lly the only region of 
India to support the Congress party 
in last elections, Gandhi 

s<!;n . ..RCl.t\'( 
BA.9-ES 

nc:t.Dt5.80 ........ SUO ...... PIdC-
nr:.. ...... II .. UC&Ilbal aMce. n IITkMIICWI ~ 
For ,.,... ~ibilililb . ..... . 

t:,I,a added ."ractlon 
Honllps 

~~taac~ 

fa ced violent demonst rations , 
Police used tea r gas and fired into 
hostil e, stone·throwing crowds . 
Demonstrators were killed. 

The violence stiffened resistance 
to Gandhi within her own Congress 
Party. Party leaders announced a 
return to the ideals of Ma hatma 
Gandhi, to the d emocratic 
traditions of Nehru. They lamented 
that " for 11 years we h ave 
mortgaged our sou l to Mrs. 
Gandhi. " And when, failing to take 
over the party machine, Indi ra 
tried to split it by calling a separate 
convention of her followers in 
Delhi , she seemed to have li ttle 
chance of succes. Unlike in the 
earlier Congress split she provoked 
in 1969 , the entire Co ngress 
organization seemed against her. 
Gandhi herself was expelled by 
majority vote from the party she 
had once run with an iron fist. It 
seemed the final end. 

But it was not , The state elections 
last month - in which Gandhi' 
personal faction (the " Ind ira 
Congress") bested both the old 
Congress Party and the Janata 
Party in south and west India -
demonstrated that as long as India 
remains so poor and so diVIded the 
votes of the poor a nd the outcasle 
will remain a mighty force in 
Indian politics. 

Voting against poverty , of 
course, does not'eradicate it . 
Indeed, the chief effect of Gandhi 's 
comeback has been to introduce a 
new chaos, a new fluidity in Indian 
politics . Indira has Rroved her 
continuing ability to arouse the 

masses. She remains one of the few 
genuine "national" leaders in the 
country. 

But what she has so far is mass 
backing without an organization. 
The Congress Party machine that 
has so laboriously evolved and 
spread its tentacles into so many 
Indian villages from the time of the 
freedom struggle through the 
patronage of post-colonial rule is no 
longer hers. It itself is (ailing apart, 
and the men who were supporting 

, her have, by a nd large, IiUle real 
power of their own. 

Whether Indira herself can build 
up a n organizational base to realize 
the potential of her mass support is 
an open question. She could use her 
growing power to build a new 
dictatorship , built on populist 
demogoguery. But for the present, 
Gandhi may simply be trying to 
establish herself as the inevitable 
leader, in order to win back control 
of the old Congress. 

But one thing is certain. While 
Gandhi once won support because 
her repressive Emergency did 
bring temporary stability to a 
chaos·threatened country, today 
the situation is very different. 
Gandhi herself has become a major 
source of chaos, a growing factor in 
the destabilization of Indian 
political life. 

What is behind Indira Gandhi? 
Psychologica I interpretations 
abound. Indians constantly refer to 
her arrogant, almost neu roticdrive 
for power . American political 
scientist Henry Hart believes 
Gandhi's tactics derive from a 

personal " identity crisis" anslOg 
from a politically tumultuous and 
Insecure childhood. 

Feminists can very well argue a 
case. While being a woman has not 
hurt Gandhi's image among the 
Indian masses - who are accus· 
tomed to hardworking wives and 
who see her as a kind of mother· 
figure - anti·feminism has been a 
factor among the Indian political 
elite, whose surface cosmopoli· 
tanism conceals a deeper tendency 
to push their women into the 
background. 

Whatever the underlying 
psychological factors , Indira 
Gandhi always has been at odds 
temperamenlall y with bureau· 
crats, politicians and intellectuals, 
and the dominant figures of India 's 
political _class. 

Indira Gandhi 's emotional 
appeal to this poorest of society 
always have been based on old 
pragmatism and rejection of 
Marxist theory. Her disdain for 
bureaucrats and intellectuals 
always has been coupled with 
impatience with India's parliamen· 
tary framework itself. 

"Sometimes [ feel that even our 
parliamentary system is mori· 
bund," she told writer Ved Mehta. 
"The inertia o( our civil service is 
incredible ... Sometimes I wish we 
had had a real revolution - like 
France or Russia ." Itali an 
journalist Oriana Fallaci remem· 
bers how upon eeing a beggar, 
Gandhi remarked. " What can I do? 
J'm surrounded by a bunch of idiots. 
And democracy ..... 

Great rabbit movies you have known and loved: 

6:30, 8 ;15. 10:00 

PAWS 

AND NOW! 
JOAN RIVERS' 

The story of the world's 
first pregnant m a n ... 

...........--5:48, I:SS 
fIIWIIIII CIIIIIII 

001 Mar R.cetrack U,11·5 
2~70/7~5611 

I 
I 
\ 



... --

. , 

...... 
triton times Friday. April 7. 1971 

Instrument stolen at Muir 
Candidat s Filing Period $2500 microscrope ripped off 

JUST ~ MORE DAYS I by Reed Alpert Associate News Editor 

There are just four more days left to register your 
Petitions of Intent to Run for any ASUCSD office. 
,All forms may be picked up and returned to any 
Elections Committee member from 9 am to 4 pm 
daily at their office in the Student Center. 

A microscope valued at 
approximately $2500 was stolen 
from the Diology Building on 
the Muir campus over spring 
break. 

The microscope was re -
moved from the laboratory of 
Dr. Frank Rokop, who noticed 
that the microscope was 
mIssing when he returned from 
the week-long break, but 
thought that someone in the 
department must have bor-
rowed it. He inquired of his 
colleagues and found that none 
had seen it and subsequently 
reported the theft to the police. 

For more information call x4450. 

***************w iC ~ t Palmistry Reading ~ 
iC Spritup.l Reading! ~ 
~ Advice on all matters ~ 
iC An8wers All Your Question8 iC 

~ 2.), ! ~ Love! \-\ ~ ~ M ' ~ iC arriage! iiC 
~ Health! I ~ 
~ Busi .... ! !o ,I~ 
~ ~ ~ 85.00off ~ 
~ with this ad ~ 
~ I ~ 
~ ~ ~ Has helped many, why not you? ~ ~ See her today, why wait? ~ 

~ OpeD 7 daye a week ~ ~ 1261 Prospect 454-1324 ic 
**************** 

Rokop said the microscope 
was particularly suited to the 
work he was doing because of 
the high quality of its optics. To 

.. **************~ 
-tl Muir PrDITam BaanI Presents -tl 
: FRIDAY NIGHT FEVER : 
-tl Part II il 

~ The greatest disco, dance ever : 
-tl with the super dance contest -tl 
-tl Friday, April 14 -tl 
-tl Muir 5 , Dime -tl 
-tl One Dollar Admission -tl 
: Don't Miss It! : 

it************** 
POLO CLUB 

*~ 
Learn to play POLO. If you are an 
experienced horseback rider 
and are interested in learning, 
please call Beth at 481-1567 or 
Bob at 481-1370. 

purchase another one would 
require procurement of a 
grant, which would take about a 
year. "All of the work that I've 
done in the last six or eight 
months is down the drain," he 
said. 

Rokop said that people with 
keys to the room that contained 
the microscope included 
faculty, graduate students , 

secretaries and students doing 
199s. According to Rokop, the 
police officer that took the 
report estimated there may be 
as many as 1200 keys to the 
room. 

Although the value of the 
microscope new ten years ago 
was about $2500, Rokop said 
that to replace the microscope 
today would cost close to $5000. 

Job shortage plagues cities 
by Paul Rosenstiel 

Pacific News Service 
(Editor's note: This article is 
Lhe first of a two-part PNS 
series exploring some of the 
hidden factors behind Amer-
ica's unemployment problem 
with which the Administra-
tion's new urban policy will 
have to grapple.) • 

The high unemployment that, 
despite a recent dip, continues 
t,o p I a g u e the A mer i can 
economy is often blamed by 
economists on workers who are 
able but unwilling to accept 
menia l, low-paying jobs. But a 
Pacific News Service survey of 
state employment ag.encies 

Housing ... 
(Continued from page 1) 
IS not seeking press. " There is 
formidible opposition of 
millions of dollars in the 
building industry," and he feels 
that thei r counter~campaign 
would be detrimental to their 
own. 

The " beautifully worded " 
initiative, according to Ludlow, 
will give the voters a chance to 
express their own needs and 

. will lead to the acquisition of 
supportive aid for the low-cost 

. . 

throughout the country reveals 
just the opposite may be the 
case: The economy today is 
unable to generate enough jobs 
for the tens of thou ands of 
unskilled workers eager for 
employment, no matter what 
the job or pay. 

Typical of the view of 
employment officials is that of 
Joe Wooddall, chief of Labor 
Information Systems for the 
Georgia Employment Security 
Agency. Because of.a "chronic 
shortage of jobs for the 
unskilled," he said, '''unskilled 
workers generally take any job 
they can get."· 

(Please turn to pag~ 14) 

housing, which is now scarce. 
"They' re only building $100,000 
houses , a nd the tudent 
population is paying through 
the nose," he said . 

" We a re not against develop-
ment, " said Ludlow, but the 
group is opposed to the type of 
" unruly , outlandish" growth 
which can be seen in both the 
plan for Penasquito and the 
North City West proposition. 

Shepa rd said that petitions 
will be distributed on the UCSD 
campus throughout the nort~ . 

For e xo,mrle , YO\) 
<.o..n mak,e PQper 

Q.',r p\qfl~5, I; f7e. a. 
b '\~ C.G.<jt., swo.t 

0.. 6Q~ l.0i th i+ ... 

iiullY~!l 
Prime Rib " 

Dining 
At its Best 

La Jolla 
459-2768 

Del Mar 
755-1660 

Mission Vallll'Y 
291-2665 

House Advisor 
Applications 

. House Advisor applications for Muir 
College are now b~ing accepted: First, pick 
up ajob referral from Student Employment, 
MC 214. Application deadline is Friday, 
April 14,1978. ontact the Muir Re idence 
Hall ffice , 45 2- 4200 , for more 
informati n. 



-
MISSING PAGES 
, 

April 7, 1978 

. Vol. 34 

No. 3 

Pages 
7-10 

UCLA Reprographic Service • 



Fridey,~17, 1978 biton times 

Sports 
Grand Prix madness in L.B. 

While at last weekend's Long Beach Grand Prix, 
Triton Times photographer Stan Honda's camera 
took in some of the sights. From top to bottom: 

Eventual winner Car/os Reutemann from 
Argentina speeds down Linden Avenue at 180 plus 
miles per hour. Reutemann was not cited for 
exceeding the speed limit. 

Race fans take advantage of apartment building 
balconies on Ocean Blvd. to watch the Grand Prix. 
Even from the top floors , the noise from the cars was 
deafening. 

Englishman James Hunt blurrs by a near empty 
bleacher section in Saturday's time trials. It was the 
fl'rst day in Long Beach history t he police did not have 
to warn pedestrians about the evils of jaywalking. 

A female spectator decides the only way to cross 
the street without being run down by a Ferrari is on 
roller skates. Missed it by that much. 

~_EARN 
Subscription sales for 
the La Jolla light news-
paper. Work from list of 

nonsubscribers. Eam 
excellent income • '5 per 
subscripdon. l.aIe aftemoor l, 
early evening or weekends 
. transportation necessary. 
Apply at 7580 Fay Avenue, 

La Jolla. 

, . .~"""'~~""""""''''''''' I~A'''~ 
. ( 

'iCOMMUNITY,. 
:(BLOOD BANK! 
, 983 India ; 
; 327 F Street ( 
l PAYS DONORS t ( ! 
, for Service . 
( Mon.· Fri . ~ 
, 233-5481 i 
) 234·4601 ' : 
.. ................................... ~.~ ......... 4 

r-------' From 10 am on BOTH DAYS! 
* Hundreds of FREE RECORDSI * The Fantastic B ·100 Disco 

* Hundreds of FREE TICKETS 
to see Circus Varllll.1 

Machinel 

* 1 slice of Square Pan Pizza and 
a Pepsi for onlv 25 t I * FREE POSTERS! 

* KFMB's Garv Kellv l * Circus Clowns on Saturdavl 

alll98LP.1 
all8-trackl & 

CQllCttCI 
SALE PRICED 

I 
e 

ucso 
. VA HOSPITAL 

Same entrance to La Jolla Village Inn 
Villa Norte Shopping Center 

3211 Holidav Court, Ph . 455 · 5580 
Across from Germain's Deli 

STORE HOURS 
Mon. thru Fri. 10:00 to 9 :30 

Saturdav 10:00 to 7 :00 
Sunday 11 :00 to 5 :00 

o AND WOLF. RISSMILLER CONCERTS PRESENT ... (f3jijnM 

SATURDAY, APRIL 15 
SAN DIEGO SPORTSJI, ..... __ ~ 

All seats reserved. $7.75, 6.75. 
Free Par"'., ar14 ","ltary DlsCN" 

. TUESD.~Y APRIL II 
SAN DIEGO SPORTS 

Inti Illite Amphitheatre Styte 
All seots reserved. $ 6.75, 5.75. 

Tickets CNO\lobie ot Sports Arena Box Office, all 
Bill Gamble's Stores and Arena Ticket Agencies. 

Information: (714) 224-4176 
PRO[HJCF [) BY 1h0l f & RISSMJI U R CONCF R1S 

I 
t 

\ 



..... 12 

Arts/E,tertalnment 
Rock's D\onysus, Apollo thrill crowds 

by Thor DecL'o, 
Slalf Writer 

Last week provided quite a 
thri 11 for rock and roll 
aficianados in Southern 
California, with shows by both 
Lou Reed and David Bowie, the 
Dionysus and Apollo of the rock 
tribe . It was particularly 
interesting for me to observe 
the similarities and differences 
in their 'stage shows. 

Lou Reed has, throu~hout his 
career thus far, been a most 
enigmatic rock performer, 
hiding his thoughts behind a 
barrage of street rhetoric when 
interviewed, generally reveal-
ing nothing of "the man behind 
the music "; and what a 
disparity of songs he nas 
written. His themes run the 
gamut from homosexuality to 
macho survival anthems, 

UC San Dielil University Event 

hopeless love of heroin to 
disgust with "stupid faggot 
junkies", profound hate of 
urban life to sentimental 
affection for its electricity. 
Reed has proved the master of 
such contradictions, a poet who 
depicts the helpless rage of the 
street, the transitory ecstasies 
of drugs and their effects on a 
hopeless romantic against the 
background of psychic de-
rangement induced by techno-
logy, primarily television -
witness Satellite of Love . 

Bowie, .on the other hand, is 
alternately visionary, prophet 
of doom and, most importantly, 
the archetypal Rock Star. His 
poetic talent lies largely in 
brilliant use of solecistic 
images to depict such things as 
adolescence, parties, the 
perfect Sensuous Woman , 

BEAUX ARTS TRIO 
Hayden: Trio in A Major, (H. XV, No. 18) 
Ravel: Trio in A minor 
Brahms: Trio in _~. Major, Op. 87 

"In a class by itse lf" .what chamber music is all about." 
-New York Times 

April 13, Thursday, 8:30 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 

G.A.: 57.50, UCSD Students: 52.50 beginning April 7 
UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

I "T © .~ @ 

revolutionaries and the 
Nietzschean superman, to 
name a few. Both poets have 
found in rock and roll 'a vehicle 
by which to capture the 
imaginations of a generation. 
They were and are, in the words 
of William Wordsworth, .. ready 
to follow the steps of the man of 
science ... carrying sensation 
into the midst of the objects of 
science itself." 

Having never seen Lou Reed 
before, I was extremely unsure 
of what to expect; would he be 
whacked out on smack, too 
loaded to care what he was 
saying (and in that sense 
capturing the spirit of the 
crowd) , or would he be an aging 
rock star, maundering over his 
lost youth? When Lou and his 
band took the stage at the Roxy 
last Monday, I found him to be 
neither a jaded, bestudded rock 
and roll animal nor a dandy, 
prissy Coney Island baby but 
Lou Reed, a person much like 
you and me, who has dropped 
most of his pretension in order 
to communicate with his 
audience. It was in this aspect 
of the Reed and Bow'ie shows 
that I found their greatest 
similarities. Though he sti 11 
dresses outrageously, Bowie 
has quit dressing as s symbol, 
Ziggy Stardust or whatever, in 
favor of a more accessible 
David Bowie. 

Presentationally the shows 
were quite different: Reed 
played guitar and was in 
constant communication with 
his band rpembers cueing 
breaks and song beginnings 
and endings , while Bowie 
preferred to let his tremen-
dously competent band hold up 
the musical end; as he has on 
previous occasions. They both 
played a good mixture of old 
and new material, Bowie giving 
as much of the definitive Ziggy 
Stardust and Reed rocking 
through most of the infamous 
Rock and Roll Animal for the 
old stuff, with generous 
helpings of Bowie 's Heroes, 

(Please turn to page 15) 

~. 
.' 

% P60UIJJ.Y PII/S/NT$' £YERY 

o J IS ~ .. •• \.....I 
@ 
@ THANK GOD IT'S FRIDAY 
@ 
~ ~ 
(:\ ~~ ~~~\)~ CHEESE FAaORY c BEER For FREE CHEESE and MUNCHIES .50 ~~~E 

II,.." AprIl 7, 1178 

by Ted Burke 
Don Juan's Reckless Dau"hter - Joni Mitchell (Asylum) 

Listeners have taken joy in Joni Mitchell 's continual insistence 
on changing her musical approach, so it wasn't unusual that the 
release of Hissing of Summer Lawns was hailed, for-the most part, 

a bold step towards personal and artistic growth. But while 
Hissing, and her subsequent and less successfulHejira, did indeed 
show Mitchell expanding herself to more adventurous motifs -
broader song structures, an increasingly impressionistic lyric 
scan, jazz textures - the trend toward a more personalized voice 
has virtually walled her off from the majority of her fans . Don 
Ju~n'. Reckless , her now double record erfort, takes the ground 
galDed from the last two albums and converts it into a 
meandering, amorphous culmination of half-formed concepts. 
The primary emphasis, musically, is towards jazz modernism, 
with a number of songs exceeding ten minutes in length as they , 
ramble over Mitchell 's vaguely comprehensible piano chords. She 
reveals a tendency to hit a strident chord and to let the notes 
resonate and fade as she vocally ruminates over the lyrics - while 
her side hen, Jaco Pastorious and Wayne Shorter from Weather 
Report, and guitarist John Guerin, do their best to add definition. 
The lyrics, following. suit, are an impressionistic hodgepodge, a 
string of images , indecipherable references, and gutless 
epiphanies that should have been edited with a blue pencil. 

Album Reviews 
While the more hard nosed 

defenders may defend lat· 
est with the excuse hat a poet 
may express his or her self in 
anyway they see fit, one still 
has to question the worth of any 
effort to dissect Reckless 
Daughter the way one used to 
mull over Dylan albums . 
Though any number of matters 
that Mitchell choses to deal 
with may ha ve value to her 
audience - spiritual lassitude, 
the responsibilities of freedom , 
sexuality into middle ages -
she doesn 't s upply anything 
resembling hooks , catch 
phrases or accessible points, of ' 
reference for them to latch 
onto. Instead, she gives them 
art, whether they like it or not. 
The paradox in Mitchell's 
stance is that she has thrown 
craft well outside the window 
while trying to measure up to 
" Art" in the upper case. She 
has gone from being an artful , 
songwriter to being merely 
arty, which is a state of mind 
that takes hold of many of 
public personalities who think 
they know ita 11 a nd who 
conceive themselves as no 
longer being bound by confor· 
mity . In her own way, Mitchell 
has joined the ranks of John 
Lennon , Yes and other bright 
talents who've OD'd on their JONI"~ I 
own importance. D. IYH'~ 
One Eyed Jack - Garla nd 'Jeffreys (A&M) 

I~ tht:ir ha ste to discover new rock autuers to supply grist for 
thel~ mills , some of the better known rock critics (though not the 
armies of college paper record reviewers) have latched onto 

Ga~land Jerfre~s, an unknown quantity to most people's ears. As 
pral~ed by the VIll~ge Voice 's Robert Christgau, Garland brings to 
th~ s~nger! songwrIter craft a persona and perspective that's been 
mlssID;i sl~ce Chuck .Berry. Jeffreys, you see, is a mulatto born 
and raised m th~ stree~ of New Yorl<, and his multi·racial identity 
(black a~d white, With rumoured traces of Hispanic blood) 
enables him to straddle a number of pop musical styles that most 

o~her performers have trouble coping with, as well as alJowing 
him to express a profound ~mbivilance towards life in the United 

Stat~s. L,lke Ber~, Jeffreys is able to mix third world musical 
motifs With t\m.encan Dream thematics. But where Berry was 

mo~e t~an WillIng to '?e bought off and incorporated into the 
caplt~list money machme (as Marxist pop culture critics would 
have It, though I suspect that Berry could enlighten them about 
mat~ers of self-determination), Jeffreys posits himself on the 
outsIde of the System and views it from a skeptical distance. 

(Please turn to page 15) 
••• 

Election Helpers 
Th(» :\S I I C Sf) nt>{' ion., ( . om In i If e(~ 
nvpds in. eres' vd pprson6oJ \\ ho \\ ish 
to help with flu' up~' ()min~j ,\SU(,SO 
U(>( tinns (Mel\, 2 ,IUd :J) . I\nu)fl(> \\ith 
" fl'\\ hour ., '0 ",hlr{> , (·iHu· 1 o n the 
('I(>~ tion d.u . .. ur tH·forp .h"c .. hould 
(ont,l( t th,·;\~ 11(>{'inn .. ('omltli.fl>(> d' .hpir offi{(> in the.' SCud(>n' ('('nter 
or (dll x4450 frum 9 am to ·l IJm d .. ih .. . 

• 

We Need Your Support! • 
• • •• 

frlcbly, .April 7, 1971 triton times 

Arts/Entertainment 
"Lion in Winter" misplayed as tragedy 

by Jill Louise Bazeley 
Arts Wriler 

prlsoned Eleanor of Aquitaine 
(or sixteen years - the Henry 
and Eleanor of this play are the 
wittiest, nastiest snipers that · 
ever aimed a tongue at each 
other. 

But unfortunately, the 
caustic spirit that is cultivated 

nas allowed comic moments to 
be thrown away all over the 
place , and piercingly funny 
lines are moaned or bellowed so 
low they just sink into the lower 
regions of mediocrity. One 
important exception is Sean 
Sullivan'S amusing monkey-

Theatre is , needless to say, an 
exuberant expression of " the 
show must go on" on the part of 
both the Globe and the Sprec-
kels producers, but for me, and 
I'm sure for many other Old 
Globe regulars, It was a bit of a 
culture shock to be in a str.ange 
theatre, and to see a show at a 
distance that might otherwise 
have been seen much closer up. 
The Old Globe Theatre-that-
was was designed without 
regard to fire and handicap 
regulations and consequently a 
lot of people could be crammed 
into a very small space. It was 
intimate to say the least. The 
Spreckels, on the other hand , 
though no t an enormous 
theater, ha s a feeling of 
expansiveness. For me, it was 
more like desolation - there 

The Old Globe Theatre's 
current production of "The 
Lion in Winter" suffered two 
major . setbacks while it was 
being mounted: first of all , as 
everyone probably knows, the 
thea tre meant to house the 
show burnt down in a tragic 
reenactment of the Aerospace 
Museum fiasco; and secondly, 
the leading lady, guest equity 
artist Virigina Baker, injured 
herself four days before 
opening night and had to be 
replaced . Ironically (and I do 
not mean to disparage Ms. 
Baker) the second mishap 
works to the advantage of this 
"The Lion in Winter", for Helen 
Marquardt, the Eleanoroffour 
days rehearsal. proves to be 
one of the best features of the 
show . I was especially im-
pressed by Ms. Marquardt's 
regal posturing - cheating out 
towards the audience as if it 
were one of Eleanor's looking-
glasses, or perhaps, the eyes of 
the world ... always conscious 
of her Eleanor as being herself 
a n actress unabashedly 
concerned with her image and 
her next one-liner, Along with 
Martin Gerrish , who plays 
Henry II (the lion in winter) , 
Ms . Marquardt exhibits a 
perceptive understanding of 
the comedy of "The Lion in 
Winter" that most of-the other 
actors, intent on developing the 
supposed tragic undertones 
a nd deep psychologi c;al 
implications of the play, miss. 
Though the historical facts are 
indeed sad - Henry II im-

..J « 

was no one breathing down my 
neck but the air conditioners. 
And the Globe actors strain to 
have Spreckels voices - the 
bigness of vocal production not 
being at all unusual in a large 
house, but an anomaly in the 
misplaced mind of a Globeite, 
and a difficulty for Globe-
accustomed actors who are 
suddenly faced with more 
space to fill up than they. have 
voices with which to do so. This 
process of shouting to the back 
wall , which is actually much 
further back than the last row 
of the audience , probably in the interplay of King Henry and Queen Eleanor is not 

carried on in the whiny 
portrayals of the other 
characters, and this misunder-
standing of the play does much 
to make the Globe's "The Lion 
in Winter" a sniveling sob of a 
production: director Ken Ruta 

like depiction of Prince John -
but on the whole, the supporting 
cast drags its feet when -it 
s\lould be tripping lightly, even 
though its path is through the 
mire of the ghastly political 
situation of the 1180s, 

The removal of the Globe 
operations to the Spreckels 

accounts for some of the loss of 
sprightliness in the dialogue, 
but the rest of the loss, and it is 
indeed a loss , comes from 
trying to turn a quipping 
comedy into a monumental , 
woe-is-me tragedy . 

Mexican artist's ~'tortued visions'" here 
life . She I~ved fiestas , excursions and politica l demonstrations .. . 
Kahlo 's friends even now recall her marvelous "alegria", her 
passion for life." 

An exhibition of paintings by Mexican artist Frida Kahlo, whose 
tortured visions proclaimed her " own reality", will be on display 
today through May 17 in the Mandeville Art Gallery. 

The first retrospective showing since 1938 of Kahlo's works will 
be seen in only six· cities in the United States and the Mandeville 
Gallery is the only gallery in California selected for the tour. 

Kahlo has been categorized as a Surrealist and as a primitive 
artist. She is neither. The persistence and strength of her images 
amid the physical and emotional torment of her life have inspired 
contemporary feminists though her very personal chronicle defies 
those who think they can define her. 

What has been called the "essence of her reality" was 
determined swiftly and brutally one September day in 1925 when, 
as a IS-year-old returning from school, she was injure in a bus 
crash in Mexico City. Her life thereafter, until her death in 1954, 
was a relentless repetition of pain, hospitalization and invalidism, 
much of it due to her dogged determination to become a mother. 
She could not because of her injuries and suffered a series of 
miscarriages and theraPeutic abortions , 

She herself , however, was far from a melancholy invalid. 
According to Hayden Herrera , writing in the Kahlo exhibition 
publication, " Much of the time (the artist) led a normal . active 

UC S8n Diego Unlv .... 1ty Eventa ?ftlce prnentl 

New York's Oble-award winning Ridiculous 
Theatrical Company In 

STAGE BLOOD 
(Hamlet with a happy ending) 

"An orgy of outrageous, lusty, sidesplitting nonsense -
(you'll) laugh until tears roll down your cheeks!" 

-Clive elrnes. New York Tim •• 

Parental discretion advised 
AprIl 21, Friday, 8:30 p.m. UCSD Box OHlce 452-4551 
Manct.vlH. Auditorium Group Aet .. : 452-4102 
Students: $3.00, Generll Admission: $4.50 

As for her style, says Herrera , " (The artist) is no simple and 
unpretentious that many people have termed her a primitive. But 
they are mistaken. She is a mock·primitive. Her naive style and 
fantasy were chosen for sophisiticated reasons. And her imagery. 
though straightforward, is so hallucinatory that the Surrealists 
claimed her as one of their own. And they were wrong, too. 
Although Kahlo's art after 1937 does reflect a knowledge of 
Surrealism, her fantasy comes strajght from her own experience 
and from her absorption in Mexican culture - what she called 'my 
own reality '. " 

While Kahlo's subject matter was almost preeminently her own 
life - herself as daughter , mother, wife, lover l invalid - she drew 
richly and generously upon traditional Mexican themes, symbols, 
images and stories both religious and secular. Kahlo the artist was 
also Kahlo the troubled though romanticized !pate of muralist 
Diego Rivera with whom she maintained a relationship fraught 
with upheava l, separation, divorce, reconciliation , scandal and 
public exposition of private passions . (Please turn to page 15) 

PANDA PRODUCTIONS, INC. 
IN ASSOCIATION 
WITH KSDS 
PRESENTS 

AN EVENING 
WITH 

DIRECTION 
FEATURING 

Jaek OeJohnette 
Eddie GODlez 
John AbereroDlbie 
Lester Bowie 

TUESDAY, APRIL 18TH 8 PM 
STRAITA HEAD SOUND 
7571 EL CAJON BLVD., LA MESA 

TICKETS: 15.50 ADVANCE $1.50 DOOR 
TICKETS AVAILABLE AT BOX OFFICE 484-1198 AND 

ALL nCKETRON OUTLETS 586-*7 

Pe~13 

PHOTO 
SUPPIJIES 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 
DISCOUNT 

PRICES 
UC:SOBudpt 

Numbers Actepted 

The most 
effective' 
tampon 

is the most 
economical, 

too 
Tampax tampons are 

made with a special, 
highly com pre ed 
material to give you 
maximum absorbency. 
What's more, unlike 
most other brands, 
they expand in all three 
directions -length, 
breadth and width - to 
conform to individual 
body contour . Which 
means there's far less 
chance of leakage or 
bypass. 

And here's ome-
thing el e you'll like 
about Tampax 
tampons: the price . 
The economy-size 
package of 40 costs 
less - tampon for 
tampon - than any 
other brand. 

So if you want a lot 
of protection at very 
little cost, open a 
package of Tampax 
tampons. We promi e 
you, it's there. 

The Inlerna' 1H'01e<:llon ........ women lruat 

TAM PAX 
~ 

WoO( 0'" 8'11 ......... INCOAI'OAAlto MER. MASS 

I 
,I 
\ 



/ 

Stadler ••• 
(COD~.ed from pale! 
a right to expre ~ s that , 
viewpoint. DOORMAN 

SPECIAL 
The JDL was more than 

unreasonable in demanding 
that Redgrave never be hired 
again, or saying that her role 
in JIIIia - as a ri h anti-
fascist in World War II - was 
hypocritical. Only a person 
who knows nothing abut the 
nature of acting would sayan 
actor should only play roles he 
finds compatible with his own 
beliefs. Many of the great 
performances of history -
like Marlon Brando's in The 
Godfather or Jane Fonda's in 
Klute - would have been lost 
if such a rule were followed. 

Still, was this visible 
injection of politics a bad 
thing for the awards? Many 
commentators have said just 
that - one newspaper report 
said the ceremony "was 
somewhat marred" by the 
politics involved. But politics 
have always been present in 
the Oscars, and yet, in most 
cases, the actual awards went 
unaffected. 

Redgrave, despite the ' 
JDL's protestations, won this 
year. Brando , Fond~ and ~ 
George C. Scott have all won 
in the past, even though their 
politics were certainly at odds 
with many of their fellow 
actors'. Politics are life itself 
- the two cannot be separ-
ated . So how can they be 
avoided? 

But the question of politics 
affecting the awards begs a 
larger question - Why give 
awards in the first place? 
Why, especially, for some-
thing as subjective as acting? 
Who, for instance, can really 
say Keaton's daffy perfor-
mance in Annie Hall was 
better than Fonda's serious 
role in Julia? What the Oscar 
awards really do is promote 
the industry, and provide an 
occasion for the members of 
the acting community to come 
together for one day. 

Woody Allen probably had 
the best idea of how to react to 
Oscar . Since he doesn't 
believe in competition in 
a r tis t ic things, he s pen t 
Monday night playing jazz 
cla rinet in a ba nd in a pub in 
New York. 

personals 
Muir Coll.g. Houat Advilor applicaUon deadline II 
Fri .. Apr. 14. Pick up • job ...,f ...... 1 from Student 
Employment. MC 214 . Contact Muir Res. Hall. 
Orrico. 4~. lor mo .... in lo. (4n) 
Stop urban sprawl in San Dieltrhelp needed on 
initiative drive-call.54-0244 . (4/ 15) 

Learn the Dance of the Middle East my'lerious, 
sensual. Mon and Thurs. Excellenllnstructor 48&. 
1641 14Il4) 

ubJectl wanted for fun .\ interesuna: ps)'ch expo 
Must be fre h. or aoph. , non-psych, non·science 
major. S2 .00/ hr for one hr. 452·2992 - ask for Judy. 
14/ 17) 
To Revelle Graduating Semon: A lill of Spring 
1971 Revelle graduates IS posted on the board 
outside the Revelle Provost's Office . Please check 
to make sure your name is on it . It you ha\'e 3ny 
questions , please lee LIZ. Myers . ( 4 / 10 ) 
WOMEN . Have you been assaulted , raped or 
sexually approac hed without your consen l at 
UCSO" Has it been reported to the police" l want to 
kno~' Please contact me at th Tmon Tlmel, all 
Laura at 452'3466 or 411·1040 (4/ 101 
Re\ielle JOlllng Club. SiS" up now' MWF 4 45 
Sprinl Quarter (or more info cal xJ025 (. / 10) 
Whal " U I ShotJld Di.~" (4/ 17) 

AlJ1leloc. loodiookinl guy JUII can'l . """ , .. ne I. 
lhere. IxIddy 01 sinilar aee 119-:/8) & 0 oullhere 
who can reach back tome and notbea raId of"feetings 
between IUYS" Am I aJone in what l 'rl deaU na with" 
John , Box 15114 , San Dielo 2115 . ( 4 17) 

JO<ie-iet d own at The Outback lorutt: Yljo,l oo,t-.:.!:: 
be havin lun 7 WOIT'en Coli.,. 9: 00 pn .n.:wmaloha. 

What',at Warren CoUe,e" The Diaco ·"Iarke, tome a t 
t : 00 pn in The OUlbock CAl. Dance cOllesl/ pri ... 

Start olf Util quarterright,et down & bot ... tonight 
Outback I : 0 pn dance cot'll.,.. .. I.., be there 

~PI'l'_Yloyou . 
Ha ppy Ilinhday 10 you . 
I moy he. IIUy mbbl!. 
But you play lilt. one 100' OS 

Meta., wi! can bock '0 you I nd maybe mo) 

Rev .. CoIle,_ Ruldenl AdvIs,.. a ppl,,,,,don are 
beln,scc.pted Pkk up a lob roferral fm" Studenl 
Eh1p1o)UI Ill . 214 M . ontact R",el/e Re dcnee 
""ill 010, ... . Blake fIllIJ . phone 452 J016. fer m .... 
Informadon (41101 

Present this ad to our Doorman on Thursday, 
. . 

Friday or Saturday nights ... He'll 
initial it for a 15% DISCOUNT on 

any menu item of your choice ... 

Open till midnight 
weekdays 

1:00 a.m. Fri. & 
2212 Carmel Valley Road, 

Del M<U' 155-6718 

tr-iton classifieds 
0._ • ..: April I! 4 pn . All Candidales IIr an 
ASUCSD office must have a U petitions a nd tams 
t .... ned into the Elections Office by 41111 AiJ'U12, fCl" 
m .... lnfannad on ca ll EX!. 4450. 

for sale 
1m TOYOTA CoroUa . AM II'M . 2 dr . 5 "l"'ed, 51..,1 
radial • . low mil •• ' 3175 215 · 7413 . (411 0) 

61 Volvo walon very ,ood condition 'I SSO Or bt:st 
offer. Ca ll 453--2145 and le3vemessage fDr eam 14/ 7) 

1m Triumph Splllire xln, con Low mile • . AMIFM 
c ... . lape pl aye r $4900 487 · 0539 ( 4 / 7) 

197.1 Che,,·elle SS auto f'S / PB, air, AM / PM /Cass, 
Real harp call 454-1079. (4 /9) 

71 vw bug fine condition, slick AM/F'M radio, light 
blue black ,"Icrlor 1500 411·_ 10 .. owner) (4171 
SLR Cam .... ·Mamiy. / Sek ... 500 OTL. 5()rm le ns 
fl. 3. skylight fllU!' . eood condo '''O-Randy • • '~ 11059 
141101 

SUZUKI Motcrc)lde 6Tlts new ehgine an J rear tire . 
Low mil Good cond '75 S550 Marie 282-7340 (417) 

SlribOBrd 7'. " swaUowtail excelle.nt condition 1&0 
Brad 455·51142 (4112) 

'73 PI)Ulouth Sebrln, pi .. ; 64000mi. goodconditJon . 
AMII'M radio; AlC askin, $2000 453-7663 1417) 

wanted 
WANTED: A male maltese do,. wllh Pdpen, lOSlud 
my renude. Will pay .tud fee. 4»-6382, ask (or 
Kathy . 1417) 
Coot p ,~ . .... """' • • 01_ riou. jew.lf)'. dental 
loId , nertina and pre 1N5 u .~ . O)U ... , Colnl. ken 
~7311 (417) 
Supjects wanted for brain.wave experiment $2 ,50 
per hr Call Wendy at xt7t7 tor a ppointment. (4/'; ' 
W1t.nd c hildatre IMhawak mull ..... rof .xper low 
lor2 0hillhn liv. ln La Jolla htme prtvalerotlTl . bolh 
board Interest In child developnentlpsych V\ 'f ,\ 
he)pful. Salary open Ca ll 4$4 · 151 4 14 1l l ) 

Psych oiOfY 106 Old exams wanted . Call Rick 273-
.. .tIS, leave mesage if not in. 
POU PWI Ofl !l e~: The Elections CO'TITIJuee 
needs penonuo helpmanthe polJ, forlhe UpComing 
ASUCSO Elections to be held May2ndand:Jrd. Uyou 
wOIJld Uk. to belp . c onlact The Elections Cmmil1ee 
at their olrice in the AS OCl'ice Q'" caU En. 44SO. 

Wanted-Impotent males. Must be ClITenU)Imanied (I" 
in ongoinlil single relationship, Sex therapy Jra.-ided 
i n cOI'Qunction .... ith ps)'chological ~1udy Conla<.1 
Marl< La .... ben 71)3~160 14112) 

travel 
Unique Tour ART IN ITALY university cre(Ut 
possible 6 weeks S145O. Call J aM one Travel : 714-
297·3176 14/ 12) 
BOOK ON CA MPUS: Europe, Hawa ii and New 
York Charter Flilhl l . CrEE Stu de nt Travel , 
Student Center 8 -023. Open weekday. 12 ..... . Ca Ut S2· 
0630 (6/ 9) 

services 
P RO FESS IONAL T H ES I S I MANUS C R I PT 
TYPING : Experienced : lhoroug hly lamiliar with 
ali lorm ok I lyle requirem.nu. RUlh joblacceple,t 
IBM Correctin, Selectric II Iypewriter. Day __ 
3311 ; 0\', . 5611-2H7. (6/1) 

Typist in P B .• IBM Selectric, low rate , Colleen 4U · 
2193 (41 10) 

Professionul TYP1nl Reuon .. ble n 'Hes IBM 
Correcting Scle(.1ric .1111 (or Free F...slimate . Gail 
411 -7510 16/91 

Typln ..... perl.nced. rellabl. . ...,asona bl. . IBM 
CorrecUn, S.Iec(rlc. Call anytime 455-t127 . M .... 
Oldl . (1/91 

TVPING! IBM Selectr ic term pa,,,ro. III ..... PhD. 
d111e" aUono. ldl tlllCJ. RUSH JOB;, -453-M51. 5IO-
1171 . 211-49:111. 452-1511 1111) 

TutQJin. - .I<:ulu •• A)ret>rl . Tn, . Anal (Geom ). 
P bYllel . Stlllilici . CI Ii li b 21 7· 4751 (5 / 24 ) 

p,... ..... w<rlt in peptide cbflT1illry. Chan,,-ad Med ica l choionhipl . seo imm.dla le 4·1 .. r 
.. ud ..... or "'lUW Hn n.xible Now nHa751411 0) medical schol ... hlpo ... lIable 10 enterln, or 

enrolled med lIuden ... Can Navy Medical Te m 
hIld c ..... I infa .. 10 Jrs per k IU5 how .11- 2t3-M44. (4/211 

ISIO 1. 171 If Utinll Jull oU lhe Rack nev ... d o f" Y ..... "'yUsh 
Lar,e ftrn aPl Old Del Mar $1 2lI ."mo pi 10 tn. bodt - CaD KoleSoper Cu ... <m win 411-8443 14/7) 
Childcnreperwk WillkI O~~.('h . bu .shopi .. al - I~O 
Texa. Inllrum nlO S R51 or 51A. u.U &I1'y 2116· 11I2lI Car It ... o. CB lnswllati on. rtWtr .nd ' Ie . 10 yo .... 
141101 " p. all o nylim e Karl 755 ·U65 S .D ( 4 /2 1) 

. housing 
Graduate ludenl needed to share 3 bedroom 
town house with onel two othe r s $US/ month 2 
mllallO min. bus from Centra l Campus, Peter 
, ' 1152 or ' 1)3·5103 , 1417) 
Del Mar two room. available In rurnished o:. pt. ha lf 
block to bea ch 112 a nd ll3 41 1· 9888 (4/7) 

HOUSEM ATt:S WANTED: 2 rooms •• ail Apri l II 
and M ay II close to f r eew ay. No ns mokers . 
S1l2.SO/ rno Mike. Mark . Pat 272-0937. Day.: Ma rk 
or POl 452-4114 141 10) 
Couple interested In subleLline apartment close Lo 
UCSD over summer (June Ii to Sept 25) Ut, 45l-
3264 (41l01 
Del M .... beach condo. Te nnis , jaCUZD, sauna $lIU· 
$140 .. ngle or double call Michelle 755-7673 14/ 101 

For Rent: New W condo near campu , 1 BR, pool, 
tennis, garage, carpets, o-apes. 1400 mo. 4S~ 
141 10) 

Lar,. flrn . apl. Old Del Mar. '12.1." mo. plus 10 Jr • . 
child care pEl" wk. Walk to bea ch, bus, shops. 48 1 - 1 ~1O 
1417) 

MICHRISTIAN oceu roanmatels) Slarting this 
q_. SDSU math senior P1aDllobeGrad Studelll 
here in lall . 583·2440 Jon (4/ 12) 

lost & found 
~0Sl: u uli •• • old ID tra""lct thin plate wilh " Mark " 
encraved , Sene.mental va lue , 455-.$641 

Lost·Red zi ppered pOUch c ontaining pens a nd k.ys. 
If lound pi .... cull 41)3· '7744 . 
Mr. Tr",": will be ill Sleaalto'. on Sa turday 1.1 00 
Sunday In la l •• rlernoon. Drop by and lOy hi! 

'te.:s 
,..eU 

~"£R EY€W t(~ .. O 
~ T/1E 11U",101 ",.,~ 

FrIM" April 7, 1178 

Job shortages ••• 
(Con'inued from pale I) 
Colleen Shearer, director 01 the 
Iowa Department of Job 
Service, agreed. "In Iowa," she 
said, "there exists a shortage of 
unskilled jobs and a demand for 
skilled workers." 

Raymond Thorne, adminis-
trator of the Employment 
Division of the Oregon Depart-
ment of Human Resources, 
said, " I don't feel that 
applicants who refuse to accept 
work, especially in the 
unskilled ranks, are a signifi-
cant cause of unemployment." 

Althoug!J, according to the 
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, 
the economy has generated a 
large number of new jobs -
more than four million in 1977 -
competition for those jobs has 
grown nearly as fast. 

According to Eli Ginzberg, 
chairJTIan of the National 
Commission for Manpower 
Policy and an economics 
professor at Columbia Univer-
sity, the new positions were an 
attraction for many. "A lot of 
people who've been out of the 
labor market or who've never 
been in have come in;" he said. 

The three million new 
jobseekers who entered the 
labor market in 1977 nearly 
offset the increase in employ-
ment. AS a result, unemploy-
ment declined by only about 
one million. 

Also ,- according to U.S. 
Employment Service figures , 
the fastest job growth was 
concentrated in highly skilled 
occupations. In the first eleven 
months of 1977 job listings at 
Employment Service offices 
rose fastest for such occupa-

. tions as engineering, computer 
programming, carpentry, 
concrete finishing and plumb-
ing. In contrast, low growth or 
declines characterized such 
low-skill occupations as 
cashiering, sales, food proces-
sing, stenography, garment 
pressing and machine sewing. 

Fred Barrett, administrator 
of the Employment Security 
Di vision of the Montana 
Department of Labor and 
Industry, said, "Generally 
those jobs which require a high 
degree of education or skill are 
most difficult to fill. II 

The mountains of data 
churned out by the U.S . 
Employment Service tend to 
confirm this. In a sample of 
their offices around the country 
in February 1977, only 14 
percent of the available service 
jobs - such as dishwasher, 
janitor and waitress - had 
been unfilled thirty days or 
longer, compared to 19 percent 
for all jobs. This lower rate of 
unfilled listings in the servce 
category occurred despite the 
$2 .76 an hour average wage -
the lowest of any category of 
jobs. 

And low pay doesn ' t appear 
to be the reason, even those 14 
percent went unfilled . A new 
series of statistics published by 
the federal service shows that 
almost without exception jobs 
of all types open 30 days or 
longer pay better than the ones 
that were filled . Last Septem-
be'" for example, the average 
paJ for service jobs available In 
California was $3.03 an hour. 
But for the 11 percent of those 
jobs that had remained unfilled 
at least a month the average 
pay was $3.40 an hour. 

"That surprised us," said 
U.S . Department of Labor 
economist Alan Moss , who 
handles those statistics. "The 
assumption has always been 
that those jobs are staying open 
because they ' re lousy jobs, but 
these figures sort of destroy 
that assumption." 

William O'Toole, of-the New 
York Department of Labor, 
likewise , concluded that "low 
pay, in and of itself, has not 
been a major obstacle to fillIng 
jobs. II he ,quoted New York 
Employment Service records 

(Please turn '0 page II) 

Page 15 triton times ' ~ __ rl~ __ ~_Ap_n_I _7'~1~1~78~ __ ~~ .. ~ ______________________________ ---------------;~~================::::::::::::::::+=::~ 
Arts/Entertainm 

Bowie ... 
(Continued from page 12) 
Low, Station to Station a nd 
Reed 's Street Hassle for the 
new. Bowie's show was longer 
at almost two hours , but Reed 's 
show was after all at a club, and 
a one and a half hour show was 
as much as was to be expected: 

Both men looked and sounded 
healthy and vital, especially 

. Bowie; his protean beauty 
never ceases to amaze me. 
More, they both appeared to be 
interested in and happy with 
what they were dOing, which is 

Dupina (Linda works her spell on Fiortiligi 
(Kathryn E"ans) and Dorabella (Nancy Jones) in Mozart's 
"Cosi Fan Tutte" playing at Mande"iIIe through Sunday. 

certainly a change from recent 
tours . This is hea rtening, as 
both men a re poe ts of no little 
ability (Reed IHIS rece ived 
awa rds from the New York 
Litera ry Society, for exa m ple) 

Album reviews .•. 
(Continued from page 12 ) 
Point of Know Return 
Kansas (Kirshner) 

Int e lle c tu a lly , Kan sa 
rema ins a bunch of cosmic 
nea ndertha Is whose ly ri cs 
espouse a poplist version of the 
meta phYSica l clap trap that 
Ye ha profeered for years. 
Th is s tra in is e s pecially 
virulent in their new hit single, 
taken from this album, " Dust in 
the Wind", in which whatmi~ht 

have otherwise been a pleasant 
bit o( folkie fluff is turned into a 
bit of spiritual propaganda . 
" We a re all just dust in the 
wind" they sing with soulful 
ea rnesty , relieving their 
audience's troubled minds with 
assura nces that nothing really 
matters , least of all any action 
on our part , to do something 

about the way we~live . r don ' t 
think it would be stretching the 
point to suggest that if Kansas 
had written the Constitution , 
America would have been a 
conquered province long ago. 
Conceptually , Kansas ' problem 

to be mea ns ac ting within it , not 
withdraw ing into a qu asi-
religious cla m shell. 

Their philosophy aside. the 
music of Kansas has become 
stronger. They've thrown out 
muc h of the quasi -clas sica l 
lugubriou s ne ss a nd hav e 
compressed their materirll into 
denser, more exciting pack-
ages. The orientation is now 
closer to ha rd rock in the Deep 

who e poetry, wh ile differi ng of 
course in subject matter, is 
pa r t icu lar ly re leva nt to t he 
experience of the members of a 
fu ture-shocked generation . 

Purple-Capta in Beyond vain, 
with enticing riffs, snappy time 
s igna tures and ima ginative 
a rra ngements abounding with 
more unity th a n anything 
Ka nsas has done since " Carry 
On My Wayward Son. " Ad-
ditionally , the vocals of 
keybpardJst Steve Walsh have 

bec ome more assured and 
stronger, free now of the Paul 

~odgeJ;~ (Bad Company) ". 
mannerisms , a nd Kerry 
Livgre n 's guita rwork has 
become more terse, more to the 
point. [f they could develop 

bra in equa l to their musical 
growth, I'd ha ve no trouble in 
liking the band. Presently, I' m 
willing to take it one step at a 
time. B minus. 

WELCOME 
'0 'N' '11i1T DAllUM 

OIALlDINIP •• 'HI U , A 

:. '78 DATSUN 
PICK· UPS 

COMPETITIVE 
, PRICESI 

NOW ...... ' FRONT DISC 
IIWCIIrrANDMDI 
One Of The Coun,,)". 

, ~_JItIIWI Fe", . 

SAN DIEGO 
DATSUN 

1I111._·.a1M 
MISSION YAWl-IAST 

TIIIIp· ................ 

......... ----

i tha t they, like many other 
rock sta rs who utter before they ' 
thi nk , m is ta ke pa cif ism (or "-IJ!I~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!'-!!!-~ __ ~" 
passivi t y. I ' m s ure th at AROUND THE WORLD 
Ga ndhi , Martin Luther King, 1'~1 M' ANY •• , A Y.SI 
and the non-viole nt orga nizers l-' n ..... n 
of t he Ant i-War move ment 
would be shocked at the band 's Call Toll-Free, anytime for your FREE 1978 
supposition . Even though they Travel Catalogue, the most comprehensive 
repud iated v iol e nce, th ey 
applied their philosophies to the travel directory ever published. Over 5000 
real wo r ld , know ing that c harters listed, escorted tours , air/sea 
making the world a better place cruises, mini vacations. 
Kahlo .•. 

(Continued (rom page 13) 
The Man d ev i lle Ga ll e r y 

exhibi tion wi ll co incide with a 
three-day Cin c o de Mayo 
ce leb r a tion during whi c h 
specia l events to supplement 
and highlight the Kahlo show 
will be scheduled . Events a nd 

Call now, 30 operators standing by: 1-(800) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free Gifts 

... Client Protection 
Unitecl California Trave'ine, Inc. 

times will be announced a t a ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~: •••••••••••••••••••••••• , ••••• 
late r da te . The c lebration will: U d g duo "ates Ne-ede'd r be held May 5, 6 a nd 7. • n er ra : 

The film , " The Life a nd: . . : 
Death of Frida Kahlo" , will be : as Math Graders : 
shown Thursdays at noon and : • 
Sundays at 2 pm in room 103 of : ($3 94/hour) : 
the Ma ndeville Center through-:. : 
out the exhibition period . The : : 
film is free and open to the : : 
public. : Applicants must be registered students, have: 

The Kahlo show is supported : . I GPA f 3 0 bett ( d . in part through grants from the: an overall col ege o. or er an : 
National Endowment for the: have an established UCSD GPA) , and have: 
Arts , the California Arts: good grades in Math 2A, B, C, D, or E or any: 
Council , Chancellor William D. : upper division Math courses. Applications are: McElroy, the UC San Diego 
University Events Office and available on the top floor of AP&M. Selected: 
the Student Affirmative Action graders will be contacted early iQ the quarter. : 
Committee. . : 

ex~:~def~~I~heG!~~rngh~~~~,_ STUDENTS' WHO HAVE .GRADED ; 
monie April6,arenoont05pm BEFORE MUST APPLY AGAIN AT: Sunday through Friday and 7 to • 
10 pm , Wednesdays. THIS TIME. ~ 

. . 
•...•...••.•.•..•..•....•.•...••..•......•••••..•.•••.........•. 

I 

We don't have John 
Muir on our stafr. · · 

But we do have a lot of naturalists almost as good. 
If you'd like to spend two, three or f ive day.s in 
Yosemite studying birds, trees, rocks, glaCiers, 
flowers, stars, Indians, meadows, reptiles, amphi· 
bians or go on a six·day f ield trip into the Clark 
Range and get UCB Extension cred it , let us know. 
We'll send you a catalog of the field classes we're 
offerinQ th is summer. 

Yo~emlte ~DlurDI III",tory i\.",~o"IDtlo .. 
110": 545. Yu",.mlile ~utlo"DII-llrk . ( : i\. 
95:lS9 I-bom: (!t09) :J7!t. 45:lt 

I.ra.l Action CommlH" 
.,' and 

UnJon of J-.wl.h Student. 
p nt: 

ISRAEL: 
BETWEEN 
THE 
LINES. 

Lecture/D ISCU'.iI0I1'1 
featuring Ruth Snvri •• rl 

and 
Ehud Yonel from 

Lo. Angel •• CommlH" on 
Media Awarene •• (COMA) 
and other noled apeakere. 

'Sunday, April 9 
1 :00-5:30 p.m. 
North Conf. Rm. 
Student Center 
UCSD 
Refreshments 

Workshops 
American ForeIgn Polley In 

the Middle Eat 
ConfrontatIon Technlqu •• 

AIlYlh 
I. rae. Programs 

i·······················~ I • 
I • 
• • I • 
I • 
I • 
I Two Slices of • 
I Pepperoni Pizza • 
I and Salad • 
I • 
I • 
'I Take a • 

.1 : 
I Break from • 
II • Studying! I .• 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
.= We don't cut comers. • 
I • 

= La Jolla = I • 

( 
I 
\ 

I 912 Silverado • 
I ' 454-3131 . ,. __ _ 
I Also .\I.ilable at our other 7 locations •• I j r 
= Expires 4-16-78 = 
= with this = 
. ....•. ~ ....... , 



11 Frlday.ADrlI7. 1171 

~per dan ' les cash In front of writers, sources 
"Nati nal Enquirer" moves inon San Diego 

by Alan RUJSe I ::YThe~h:"AI S . f h "Her," What the hell, they were giving there's a moral to this story. I 
EdUor IS IS an ffilth rom t e "Ask her." me dinner. know I woke up a little ill the 

The ca~ came during final's N~~ODai Enqu1~r." " I di~. She thought it might be And what a dinner. Shrimp next moming. 
week. I ~ remember. And for o~ce fun. We went. and avocado salad. Veal cutlet, It was probably the rich food. 

Nonnally I'm antipathetic .1 did. He had been noslDg ••••• seafood, potato and vegetable. Sometimes it's hard to ato-
towards Bell's invention. around the TT.offlce a fe:~'days The La Valencia Hotel. A kind of strawberry parfait. mach. I guess 'it gets easier 

. bef~re"looklDg f~r good Where cream comes with a All with bubbly. I waited for the once you're used to it. 

During final's week my dislike 
grows into a passionate hate, 
any disturbance to my catching 
up on a hiatus of ten weeks 
schoolwork a target for my ire. 

"Hell,~' I said. "0." 
"Hello, I'd like to speak with 

Alan Russell please." Clipped 
British voice. Requesting. Like 
the secretary/treasurer of 
some civic organization who 
has taken up the quest of 
convincing me that their egg 
throw for charity held in 
southwest Chula Vista deserves 
a front pag.e story. 

" Is this Alan? " 
No, not deserves a front page 

story, merits one. 

stones. I had been mtroduced pedigree. We walked up to the inevitable like the bum who's an~ ~hen went back to looking front desk. I spoke in a voice gotten the free meal at a 
offiCIOUS. There had been no reminiscent of a little kid mission 
desire on .m.y p~rt to ~ncrease asking where the dirty maga- The sPeech, the word, came 
my ~amll1ar1ty With ~he zines are. in the fonn of a handsome 
E~qulrer, a. weekly sens~tlOn- "We're looking for the young Australian editor. He 
a.hst . rag With a. c~rculatlOn of National Enquirer group." The convincingly told the story of 

Sl~. and a half I!l1l~on ~ple.. desk clerk gave us directions to the Enquirer's attempt to gain 
Yes, ~y editor s comm~ 10 the "special" room. The route greater respectability, and an 

from Flond '~' I was wondermg w~n't hard to follow, and we even larger audience. The 
whether y~u d want to c0n:te to were greeted at the end of the settling of a good dinner made 
a s~all d~nner party t~mght. rainbow by a waitress who the speech palatable. It was 
We r~ gomg to eXl?lam}he wanted our drink orders . I collective avarice that made 
workmgs of the Enquirer. surveyed the assemblage of the rest of the talk interesting, 

The idea thrilled me about as natty suits, looked down at my causing pens to click, eyelids to 
much as an AS story. dusty cords, tried to rearrange raise, stomachs to stop purring. 

• • U h , t hat sou n d s Ii k e the lint on my sweater, then did Simply said, we were told 
something the News editor the logical: ordered a double . that a " lead" story in the 
should attend." Introductions gave me a Enquirer would pay around 

"So ask him to go with you ." mental hernia but that wasn't $750 (what they are looking for 
anything new. I did notice there is a "major" science story). All 

We've 
Moved 

was a reporter from the Union , quotes would ha ve to be 
from the Tribune, a public validated with recordirigs on 
information officer, several tape (pleasant surprise) . 
free lance writers and a House by-lines would be given 
collection of scientists. on request (though in the 

It was not your dirty jokes interview you must identify 
crowd. yourself as being from the 

I had come prepared for Enquirer) . 
conversation by buying and There was a lively question 
reading a Na&ional Enquirer and answer period, and then 

La Jolla 
Beauty Supply 

is now located at 
7600 Fay Ave Suite F 

(at the corner of Fay and Kline) 

before the dinner. It hadn't there came the time when all of 
taken a way my appetite us filled out IittIe cards with our 
luckily . Cornering reporter -home addresses so that we 
Smith, I asked him about a could "receive more informa-
story I had seen his by-line tion." 
under. It detailed a wife's sob I understand that full time 
story about how Patty Hearst reporters for the Enquirer are 
had stolen her husband away. the best paid in the world -
Real Pulitzer Prize material. starting out at $25,000. I also 

Smith detailed his clever understand you can make an 
detective work with R~ndolph awful lot of money as a 
Hearst. I gave him that much. stringer. What I don't know is if 

Stanley Aronowitz, 
Professor of Sociology 
UC Irvine and 

We've just received a new 
shipment of decorative. 

hair combs!! 

H. Stuart Hughes 
Professor of Histo'l 
UC San Diego J 

will be the guest speakers in the 
Warren College Writing 108 
Lecture series to be held Tues. 
April 11,4-5 pm in TLH 107. 

Mon-Sat 9:00-5:00 
459-0556 

-_ .... 
_- -ilia 

-- --
_- -ilia 

-- --

__ 1IIa_ 
__ 1IIa _ 

_ - -ilia 

The topic of the lecture will be 
"The 60s: A Discussion." 

--- --

....................... HOUSI G FOR 1978-79 ...................... .. 
I • • 
: ROOOi\1 DR;\ 's A l I I) APART IEI'T DRA \-\'S ARE 'OW T KI G PLACE AT LL : 
I f l R COLI. (,ES A '0, T THE l\1E ... ·A 1I. ~ DERGR lATE P RTME FOR I 
: THE 1978-7" AC DE 11(' YEAR. PPI~OPRIATE DEI\DLI ES 0 OL"~ ICE : 
I (01 'T ( 'T,' , R I .' IISTL r r I . c.,. l'JD 8EI..0\\' : 
• I 

I 
I 
1 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Revell 
Muir \pl,. 
Muir Dorm, 
lhird 
Warren 
!\1 a 

R om Draw 
pril 26- '\1a} ~ 
pril2 

;\1a} 4 
\pri124 
\pril 27 
••• 

April 10 
April 19 
1\1a) I 

pril 14 
.\priI24 
April 14" 

Due Info { ontact 
\ulumn 
I enort' 
I enllfe 
~IHldie 
\ irginia 
(.u dalup 

Phone 
452-3025 
4 2-4200 
452-420 

~52·4J40 
~52·4581 

Ci2· 2952 

o. 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

..... ~1 '3 "ill h~ ein J:h in!! nul {'unlrac" \r)ril 14 nd ~iII continu' until pact' i, tal..("lI. Apa rlm nt .. "ill IInl b ,Ieel d UnIJ', I 
(fmlral'h an' refurn ·d. I 

I ,________________________________________ I 

-------------_ ... 

City Jobl ... 
(tOlltinued from page 14) 
that over a recent 12-month 
period in New York City 36 
percent of all jobs filled paid 
less than $3 an hour and such 
jobs were more easily filled 
than better paying jobs. 

Moss and others suggest thai 
jobs remain open for such 
reasons as high skill and 
experience requirements. 
"There's a lot of demand in the 
Sun Belt and suburban areas 
but a lot of the unemployed ar~ 
in the inner cities or in the 
Northeast," said Moss. Robert 
David, executive director of the 
South Carolina Employment 
Security Commission, said, ' 
" Most hard-to-fill openings go 
unfilled because of a lack of 
qualified applicants. " 

If anything, the refusal of 
people to take jobs is less a 
factor contributing to unem-
ployment now when unemploy-
ment is high than in times of 
lower employment. 

The fiercer competition for 
jobs deprives jobseekers of the 
luxury of being picky. " It 
appears that as the unemploy-
ment rate edges up, the 
percentage of jobs unfilled 

. edges down," said Moss. " In 
other words, people are 
accepting jobs that they might 
not normally accept." 

Instead, it is employers who 
can be picky. "Sometimes it 
feels like when you Cill out an 
application, as soon as you walk 
out they throw it in the garbage 
can ," said Rudy Del Sol , 34, a 
San Francisco job eeker. 

Mario Martinez, 39, another 
San Franciscan, aid h vi it 
the local employment office 
every day in an unsuccessful 
search Cor a job. Several times 
a week, he said, official th re 
direct him to an interview for a 
low-skilled, low-paying job of 
the type for which he ' s 
qualified. But eath time he 
arrives, Martine7. said, he finds 
at least 20 other jobseekers sent 
by the same agency because 
they, too, desperately need and 
want work. 

The problem, he said , is not 
that too many people don 't want 
to work. It's that too many 
people do want to work . 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
*LOW COST 
*CONFIDENTIAL 

*STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify , 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7311 


