
Yolume M. Number 14 

AS· voting continues today More· minorities at 
. . . UC under state law 

All a rouad ODe caa He die balloo_, the leaflet., tile polliag placee, tile baaaen aud the 
caadidate • . Ve •• "o.peeeed .ht.lt'. aa eleclioa. - The "otiaS .tarted ye.terday aad will 
fiIdeII today .. the .tade.t. chooee betwee. tile .... y calldidatee that will COlDpriae t.e 
aew AS _d college lO"el'lllDe.t •. - The five poIIiag .tatie .. arouad camp .. , whida were 
reate. at a cuet ~f ~pprox~te'" $2500, are ''worlda.J out j •• t great", accordiag to 
Electio •• COlDmie. ioaer Lori Dority. - Dority .. id late ye. terday . he dlought "aearly"· 
1,000 people had voted aad that .he expected aa evea greater turaout todillY. 

Dorm ' fee increase stalled · 
Bill will prevent $100 possessory interest tax 

Legislation was unanimously 
passed by the Assembly 
Revenue and Taxation commit-
tee last week which could save 
dorm and married student 
housing residents up to $100 a 
year. 

The bill, AB 2986, which was 
introduced by Assemblyman 
Tom Bates (D-Berkeley) , 
proposes that students residing 
on university owned land be 
exempted from a "possessory 
interest" tax . 

similar taxes," said Hewitt, District Appellate Court. 
"In fact, on-campus rent could Hewitt claimed that tax 
increase $100 or more." assessors throughout the state 

grotlp of students In ' willbewatchlngtheoutcontel>f 
Alameda county filed a lawsuit the Alameda case "with tax 
challenging the legality of the bills in haud." Yolo and Santa 
possessory interest tax when it - Barbara counties are currently 
was first leVIed against them in considering possessory income 
1976. The case was lost in -the taxes for students living in 
Alameda Superior Court and is university housing on those 
currently on appeal to the First (Please turn to page 8) 

API grad is UCSO's gadfly 

Gov. Brown last week signed 
into law legislation aimed at 
boosting minority and dis -
advantaged students ' ambi-
tions to attend four-year 
colleges . 

Introduced by Assemblyman 
Vic Fazio and unanimously 
supported by the higher 
education community, AB 407 
sets up a series of pilot projects 
on individual campuses 
designed to provide informa-
tion to low income and minority 
students which will increase 
their awareness of opportuni-
ties in higher education. 

The projects will also help 
disa~vantaged community 
college students transfer into 
four-year institutions through 
the use of peer counselors and 
improved " consumer" infor-
mation about higher education. 

UC Student Lobby Co -
director Phylise Smith stated 
that, " This legislation is a 
necessary step towards 
equalizing access to higher 
education . The pilot projects 
will be geared to intercampus 
cooperation and coordination 
which is essential if we are to 
increase enrollment of under-
represented groups in post-
secondary education." 

Fazio explained that capable 
students need to be informed of 
their options early in the 
educational procesi.SO they can 
set realistic goals. 

AB 407 will provide $307,000 in 
state money to fund the 
projects and requires equal 
matching f·unds from the 
institutions participating in the 

projects. According to Smith, 
"Matching contributions will 
increase the university ' s 
commitment to the programs." 

" Gov . Brown has finally 
substantiated his commitment 
to higher education in the state 
of California ," said Smith , 
" and we can now seek to give 
disadvantaged students the 
educational opportunities they 
deserve." 

Berry given 
two-week 
continuance 

Azusa Pacific College 
basketball player Mike Berry 
was granted a two week 
continuance last Thursday 
afternoon to locate an attorney 
before he is arraigned on 
assault and battery charges 
filed by Peter Volk. 

A criminal complaint served 
to Berry stated he was to 
appear in San Diego Municipal 
Court by April 27 or a warrant 
for his arrest would be issued. 
However, since Berry had not 
yet contacted legal counsel, he 
was given the continuance. 

Berry faces misdemeanor 
assault and battery charges 
stemming from a punch he 
threw at Volk dur i ng a 
basketball game on February 
25 at UCSI) . Volk suffered a 
fractured right cheekbone and 
ten stitches along his right eye 
and nose from the blow. 

Under existing law, colleges, 
universities and all public 
education institutions are 
automatically exempt from 
property taxation. 

Strebel: The key question is "why?" 
County assessors in San 

Francisco and Alameda have, 
however, been taxing certain 
students for their use of the tax-
exempt university owned 
housing. AB 2986 seeks to 
abolish that tax by extending 
the university's exemption to 
cover all student residents of 
university owned housing. 

.. All public college and 
university students could 
potentially be affected by this 
legislation," according to UC 
Student Lobby Co-director Bret 
Hewitt. "If the possessory 
interest tax in Alameda and 
San Francisco counties is not 
repealed , students at other 
campuses will soon be payirrg 

Holocaust 
documentary 
tomorrow . 

The Union of Jewish Students 
and the I~rael Action Comm it-
tee will co-sponsor the showing 
of the documentary "Night and 
Fog" Thursday at 7: 30 pm in 
the North Conference Room in 
the Student Center. 

The showing of the film is 
part of the Yom HaShoa holiday 
in remembrance of the millions 
of Jews who died during the 
Nazi reign of terror. 

The documentary is com-
po ed of actual footage taken 
by the Nazis of the Jewish 
holocau t in the concentration 
campu . 

dmi ion to th film i fre . 

One would think that Don 
Strebel , after writing a 
voluminous amount of letters 
over the past three years to the 
Triton Times concerning a 
number of issues, would be 
eager to sit down to an 
interview. 

Not so (as was emphasized 
several times - "My intent is 
to focus inte!'est on the iSsues, 
not the person"). 

Strebel, a 28-year-old Applied 
Physics Information Science 
graduate student, has spent 

. much of his last six years 
(come Sept.) at UCSD simply 
askinJ{ the Question "why?" 

Why is this professor doing a 
poor job teaching? Why is the 

Doa St ... bel 

administra tion spending 
money on that? Why is the 
student government acting in 
such a way? Why? .. . ad infini-
tum. 

Trying to label Strebel is a 
difficult task. He refuses to 
accept the term " activist" , 
with his short hair and horn rim 
glasses seeming to be in 
compliance with his argument. 
Strebel does a dmit to being a 
"catalyst of sorts - but I'm not 
comparing myself to Nadar 
exc.ept in that I point out those 
things I feel are wrong with the 
system. People now often come 
to me and ask how to deal with 
the system a nd I try and advise 
them ." 

Strebel's current role is as 
the Chair of the Graduate 
Student Council - a position 

whic~ involves him in many 
university interactions , and 
certainly gives him a vantage 
point for philosophizing. 

" It's not just a university 
anymore," said Strebel. " It's 
become a welfare agency, an 
educational institution, and a 
large corporate business . 
Often, all pull in different dir-
ections." 

Strebel' s role as a " gadfly" 
here occurred when, • ' I came to 
this university and found that 
the system was rotten so I 
decided to try and change it. " 

Asked whether he has made a 
lot of enemies through his letter 
writing campaigns, Strebel 
laughed and said that he 
believes many people think, 
"Oh, it's just Strebel writing 
another letter." 

Strebel's "activist" ways 
began three years ago when he 
attacked the "non-teaching" of 
physics professor Keith 
Brueckner. The quality of 
teaching has always concerned 
Strebel, who noted, "A lot of 
people come out of here 
knowing just how to read 
bioloty books. Somethiog is 
lacking." 

No& unlvenity eddcalioa 
Even more to the point 

according to Strebel is that, 
"Pre-profe sional ~ucation is 
not necessarily upiversity 
education ... 

Strebel ee a " threefold 
downfall" in students not 
getting a "compl t unive ity 

education" - those being 
Chancellor McElroy , Vice-
chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Saltman, and the faculty . He 
believes that McElroy has 

. abandoned academic leader-
ship for corporate interests, 
while Saltman has a " strong 
but narrow interest in the 
sciences ." The problem is 
further compounded in Stre-
bel's eyes by a faculty that for 
the most part is only concerned 
with themselves , " one that 
can' t even get a quorum for 
Academic Senate meetings ." 

The obvious question is , 
" What makes Don Strebel 
run? " Why does he involve 
himself in so many affairs 
related to the university ? 
Strebel adm'itted that his 
activities " take up a certain 
amount of time," but that they 
"are so different from other 
things they're almost recrea-
tional. 

"You can' t work 50 hour a 
week on graduate studie ," 
said Strebel. " Other frad 
students go to the beach. end 
up writing ~ o the Triton 
Times." 

But it's not only the thrill of 
risinl to the challenge of 
"various injustices" which 
spurs Strebel on ~ " Yeah. I 

dmit it." he WO. "sometune 
I've done things just to see what 
the reaction would be." 

And what is the most pressing 
issue facing the tudent 
today? "Student f are being 
used for ocial ervi ," aid 
Strebel . "Th tudent commun-

(PI turn to pag 7) 



Lette 
Lofgren 
Commis 

A hard-working 
ioner of A &E 

Editor: 
I am writiq in behalf of a bard-worldl1l AS Commiuioner, for wbom I 

have creat ..... pect. Jim Lofgren haa benefited Ilia fellow .tudents thl'OUJh 
Ilia aervlce 81 Commluioner of Appointments and Evalualiona. 

TIlia baa been a trylJ1I year for the AS. AI with any new form of 
govemmeat, a atrol1l foundation must be -.tabllahed before visible 
PJ'Oll'anlI can get off the IJ"OUDd. This requires many bours of internal 
atructuriDl. Although it I. glamorous 'to be In tbe limelight, there are 
plenty of not-so-glamorous jobs that need to be done first. Jim Lofgren is a 
responaible, behind-the-scenes worker who I could always count on. It is 
very disturbing to see people get their name in the paper, not through 
accomplishments, but rather by spewing off slanderous and false 
accusaliona againat someone who is very concerned with the feelings and 
needs of his fellow students. 

I am "impressed" with Jim Lofgren's performance, as are countless 
others who have come in contact with him . As Commissioner of 
Appointmenu and Evaluations, he has made student appointments on 
committees an effective mechanism for voicing student opinion and 
tuming decisions around In the students favor. By serving on the Student 
Regent Selection Committee he bas set the iTOundwor!t for appointments 
of students to state-wide positions such as Student Regent so that UCSD 
opinions can be heard throughout the state. 

His opponent claims that the AS does not communica~e witb the student 
body. If he feels so strongly about communication why did he resign from 
his position as Commissioner of Public Relations where he would be in the 
best position to inform students of AS activities? 

Jim Lofgren also feels strongly about keeping students informed. That's 
why be supported a campus radio station while serving on the KSDT Task 
Force. He also wrote informative articles for the AS Bulletin. 

Jim Lofgren's perserverance has paid off for the students of UCSD. The 
Appointments and Evaluations Office is now efficient and effective. I know 
that Jim will do the same with External Affairs. 

I strongly endorse JIM LOFGREN for COMMISSIONER OF 
EXTERNAL AFFAIRS. 

JEFF LEIFER 
AS Presidenl 

Good for External Affairs 
Editor: 

The office of External Affairs needs to be in the hands of a competent 
person . The importance of External Affairs lies in the statewide 
representation of UCSD students before the Student Body President's 
Council, UC Regents and other AS governments throughout the UC 
system. Key issues affecting housing discrimination, and gynecological 
services (to name a few) , require the attention of a dynamic and dedicated 
person who can effectively accomplisb wbat he sets out to do. In order for 
tbe Commissioner of External Affairs to fulfill these and other duties with 
quality, it is imperative that the office be held by someone with experience 
and understanding of the complex workings of the UC system, UC Regents, 
local government and the interaction of students with these bodies. 

Jim Lofgren is THE person who can get the job done well and benefit 
UCSD students. Lofgren bas served as Commissionerof Appointments and 
Evaluations this past year, coordinating the selection for campus and 
statewide committees, as well as participating in the UC Student Regent 
selection process. He has been a key pe .... on in the AS, working in the 
budget and decision-making processes to mold a strong foulldation for an 
effective student government. . _ 

WE STRONGLY URGE YOU TO VOTE JIM LOFGREN FOR 
COMMISSIONER OF EXTERNAL AFFAIRS. 

PETER VANDERWAL 
BARRY HYMAN, Commissioner of Student Welfare 

RICK FERLITO 
KEVIN ECKERY, Muir Rep, 

Letter incorrectly printed 
(Editor's note: A major ponion of the Progressive Coalition's letter 
whicb appeared In Monday's Triton Times was printed Incorrectly. We 
hereby reprint most of its original text. The Triton Times regrets tbis 
error.) 

This year a number of progressive candidates So re running for office. We 
urge students to vote for them. Only through dedicated work can our 
platform, which follows , be implemented. Most of the candidates do 
espouse similar views but it is interesting, and instructive, to compare 
their performance, or lack thereof, with their promises. Jon Bekken ~nd 
Edwin Cabrera have consistently worked to gain for students control of 
their lives. By voting for them you affirm your desire to have the 
responsibilities, and bene(its, to be gained. The Coalition Platform is a step 
toward such control: 

Platform 
The Progressive Coalition exists in order to work to increase the role 

which students play within the university . The Coalition was born out of the 
March 1977 Referendum in which students took many progressive stands. 
We remain commited to working for the implementation of these 
Referendum stands, for an autonomous form of student representation, 
and for expanding the limitations of the Regent-administered university. 
Thus, the following goals constitute our platform: . 

DEPARTMENTAL STATUS FOR COMMUNICATIONS : The 
Communications Department has been continually beset by a sbortage of 
resources , resources which are available almost automatically to 
Departments . The Program is a popular, and Academically sound, one 
which deserves our support. 

EXPANSION OF DA Y CARE SERVICES: The Chancellor's proposal to 
" farm out" Day Care is inexuseable. Day Care services. need to be 
expanded to (it ucsr>'s unmet needs, not cut back. 

FREE GYNECOLOG1CALSERVICES FOR WOMEN: Thesenecessary 
medical services shol ,ld be provided free of charge to all women students. 

STUDENT CONTFOL OF THE CAFETERIAS: The Cafeterias, and 
other student services, are providing inadequate services at drastically 
inflated prices. Throl,gb student control these services could be run to fit 
student needs and sa Ie money. 

CONVENING OF " ONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION: The ASUCSD 
Constitution is inade]t.ilte to meet lhe ut:ws of lit ,,,,,"t Il()vernment. A 
Constitutional Conve1t!on, open to all students, is the most open, and 
democratic, way to ad pt this document to meet student needs. 

THE PROGRESSIVE COALITION 
- --- -:-.- -

• . Th •• T~iton Tim~s il-pub~Shed by UCSD studentt.a an official stude"i newspaper .. 
Pubhcat,on is on MOnd~ys', wednesdays and Fridays during the regutar 1(;0001 year ' 
(e"cept on official holidIlY'), Editorial and business offices are IOQted in the Student • 
Center at the Unlver"t, of California, San Diego. For editorial . call 452-3466; for ' 
business and dlsptay advertISing , call 452-3468. 

Letters to tne editor and op,nion cotumns are welcomed. All aubmissioonuhould be ' 
typed and double-spaced on a 69-space hne. They snould not e.c.ed 1'~ pages in 
iength. 

Subm,tted materoal must bear the name and student Identification number of the 
author. Names can bewltnheld from publication on request. however. thenames w,lI be 
held on f"e for public inspaellon . 

The Troton T,mes relerves the roght to eO I! subm iaslons becauseot space I'm,tations 
or Ityte rell " "ements 

ntire contents copyrogM 1978 th Triton T'mes 

Commentary 
On Will Wright and tenure 

by Barry Carlton 
In my four years here as an 

undergraduate 1 have become 
used to the annual wave of 
complaints about the tenure 
process. Someone' s favorite 
professor gets canned every 
Spring, a number of people get 
upset, letters are written to the 
Triton Times and occasionally 
to various members of the 
administration. The summer 
break comes, and things are 
pretty quiet until CAPE comes 
out with a loving review of the 
now-departed professor and a 
second, similar wave of protest 
fonns . Some of the people who 
still remember the preceding 
spring find in the review the 
proof that the administration 
has ignored them. 

Barry Carlton is a UCSD 
student. 

good, too different, Loooriginal, 
or too concerned about his 
stlJdents. He is being driven 
away so that all the students 
can be converted by the 
education factory into confonn· 
ists with one-dimensional 
beliefs, ioeminenUy qualified to 
fit into the status qUQ." (Jenny 
Hawkins, 4/14178) , 

Bullshit. 

1 have heard the man speak. I 
have questioned people in his 
classes. As far as 1 can tell, he 
only has one lecture in that 
brilliant mind of his . The title of 
the lecture is "How the 
Administration is Screwing 
You (But Don' t You Expect Me 
to Do Anything About It)." I 
have heard reports of this 
lecture being delivered in a film 
class and in a metaphysics 
class; I have heard him give it 
in his current Sex and Violence 
class, and Paul F . Starrs (TT, 
4/21) reports hearing it in the 
Wilderness class. It's a great 
speech; it tells students exactly 
what they wish to hear - that 
they are oppressed, that 
nobody loves them - and it 
makes them feel wann all over 
because they are such good 
martyrs. It is long on feelings 
and short on details . Like 
certain music it is "easy 
listening." It is not teaching, of 
course; it is not even new, just 
the same old stuff you hear 
every day around this !llace. 

And that is my point: Will 
Wright, for all his emotional 
appeal , really has very little to 
say. What disturbs me; what 
frl,bteDs me , is how the 
students here seem to eat it up. 
Can there be that many people 
at a university like UCSD with 
such weak analytical and 
critical skills ? I certainly didn't 
think so before, but I am 
belinnin, to wonder ... and I am 
also beglnn~ to understand 
why the admmistration is so 
unresponsive to student input in 
the tenure process. People who 
cannot detect any difference in 
teaching quality between 
Eleanor Widmer and Will 
Wright; between a teacher and 
a demagogue, are not very 
useful guides for someone who 
is trying to establish a high-
quality faculty . 

I already know the adminis-
tration doesn 't care about us; 
I'm not defending them at all . 
I'm not accusing them either -
I wasn't looking for foster 
parents when I came here . 
What people don 't seem to 
realize is that Will Wright 
doesn ' t care either. A~ Paul 
Starrs says, " He talks all the 
right verse, but there is no 
ac tion , he ' s an armchair 
revolutionary." It is time for 
the students . here , who really 
deserve much more, to get off 
the Wright bandwagon and onto 
something worthwhile . 

And they are right. The 
administration has ignored 
them, and it will continue to 
ignore them. Two years ago, 
the powers-that-be decided it 
was time to get rid of Eleanor 
Widmer, one of the two most 
gifted instructors I had come 
across at the time. I entered in· 
to what I thought would be a 
battle to save her job. I tal~ed to 
Chancellor McElroy; I wrote a 
letter to Paul Saltman. I got my 
friends mad as hell. Then we all 
went home for the summer and 
that was that . We were 
ignored; Eleanor Widmer was 
no longer here when we came 
back. 

I mention the Widmer case 
because what we were saying 
about her then sounded much 

Standard Oil 'to build 
refinement plant here? 
Editor: 

Will Wright , various pub- I recently read to my surprise an 
lished statements claim, is article in the San Dieao Gazelle 

" . concerning a proposal by Standard 
belDg driven away from thiS 011 to build a refinement plant here 
campus because he is far too on campus. 

Administration/ student 
rapport poor and static 

Editor: pays attention to the important 
A friend and I were at the Day on student i .. ues, 

the Green last week: our conversa- It is our observation that for 
tion inevitably turned to the state of every two steps the administration 
the administration / student takes in this direction, a step Is 
rapport. We couldn't help but notice taken backwards. They siinply do 
the lack of respect harbored by not realize that the reputation of a 
each against the other. It was my campus can be mared by those who 
point, beina the undyina cynic, that bave fint hand knowledge of it. The 
the , administration would never va.t majority of tranafer studentl 
release its Itranlle-hold on the and alumni that this university pull 
student related af~airs on this out are of two types, those who doo' t 
campus . Such things as the care anyway, and those who are 
bookstore ripoff, Rea Fee usa,e, dIsgusted. We wlah to ask, what 
the dismissal of competent effect this will have in 15 to 20 
proCessors who ' s excellence in years? 
teaching was not positively 
considered during tenure evalua-

KENDALL C. BEED 
KEVIN GOVEA 

tions, the Day Care Center ... My 
friend, being somewhat more 
optimistic , believed that the 
administration could be convinced 
to consider students interests, but 
that due to the present state of 
student apathy they WOUld, for the 
most part, continue unchallenged. 

This point aside . we notic d that 
the administration had expended 
no small amount of time and effort 
to bett r the reputation of this 
campus: they Insisted on ignoring, 
so metimes quietly , somet imes 
blatently, the student. The on ly 
t hing they accomplish by thi 
(besld always g tting their own 
way) i to infuriate nyon who 

Erratum 
In Monda y 's letter by Barry 

Hyman regarding Paul Karol( 
the statement was made, " He 
wants to secure economic 
credit for investigative 
journali sm ... " The sentence 

hould have read, " He wants to 
s ecure academic credit for 
i n ve tigative journalism .. . " 
The Triton Times regrets this 
error. 

The news came as quite a shock. 
Standard Oil seems to feel that our 
campus would be Ideal for such a 
plant. The proposed location for the 
refinement plant is the area now 
occupied by Central Library, with 
most of the plant beln, housed in 
the library itself. 

.. Hell , why not ?" quer fe d1 
Standard Oil President Stanley 
Burns, "the damn bulldln, will be 
empty in a couple of yean anyhow. 
Besides," he continued, "you can 
get books on allY campus, but how 
many campuses have thousands of 
barrell of oil on the shelves? Think 
of all that 011." 

I immediately tried to reach the 
Regents for a reaction to this 
propoaal. Unfortunately I was out 
of luck. Apparently they were all 
takina a short vacation in South 
Africa. 

When reached for comment, Paul 
Zultman, administrative official, 
replied, "Usten It's not often you 
see such brilliant bum. a. Standard 
011 . And I'll tell you, when I see a 
brilliant bum I'm the flnt to 
recoanize the brilliance In the bum. 
I mean their plan i. pure brilliance, 
and It'. in keeping with the areat 
tradition of this areat univenlty . I 
say to myself, Paul baby - just 
think of all that oil. I'll be rich! I 
mean the campus will be rich," he 
quickly added. Paul realized he had 
a n uraent appointment and he 
drove away in his bra nd new 
Mercedes. 

Well UCSD'ers it seems as Ifdark 
days will soon be upon us . It 's hard 
to imaalne living with an oil plant In 
one's own backyard . But then with 
a degree (rom UCSD I mlaht have 

nded up pumping a anyhow . 
FYDOR TWAIN 

....... 11 ••• _ J. 1171 triton times 

Opinion 
< , 

ACLU clarifys police 
harrassment -article 
Editor: 

I read with interell your article by Steve Gould 
entitled, .. ACLU Cbarges San Diego Police 
Harrassment." I'm writing this letter to clarify 
several poinll In that article. 

First the arrest of Frank Guzzardo by the San Die,o 
Police Department (S.D.P.D .' officers, a. it was 
described to me, was quite typical of the 647f arrests 
that take place on a far too recular basis In San Diego 
by the SDPD. When I made the statement that tbe 
Sheriff's Department is worse thar. the SDPD, I didn't 
mean in terms of abuse of 647f arrests. My experience 
in monitoring law enforcement misconduct caaes is 
that the officers of the San Diego County Sheriff's 
Department are more apt to resort to violence than to 
utilize the 647f arrest as a means of "teaching someone 
a lesson." 

My feelina that nothing is gained by filing a 
complaint with SDPD's Internal Affairs is based on 
exten.ive experience in observing them operate. They 
tend to believe that the complainant i. lying. It also 
appears that their goal is to justify the behavior of the 
officer charged with misconduct rather tban to 
conduct an impartial 'inveatlcatloo and render an 
impartial opinion. For that realOn the ACLU-8an 
Diego does not work with SDPD Internal Affairs but 
rather litiaates all those cases where the factslupport 
liliaation. The reasoning beblnd this approach is that 
as these cases are Iitiaated, the results become public 
record , something which does not take place with an 
Internal Affairs ·investigation. Wi.th enough of these 
cases becomil1l public record and the tax payers of 
San Diego seeing how mucb these cases are costing 
them, maybe enough pressure wiU be broUCht on our 
City Council to force them to start taking 
responsibility conduct of officers in tbe SDPD. Their 
history. UP to now, has been to be derelict in that area. 

The tiWr arrest is used by a number of SDPD officers 

Thanks to all for 
UCSD Blood D'rive 
Editor: 

Thanks to all the participants on April 19 and 20th, 
the UCSD Blood Drive was very successful and thanks 
to the Triton Times for the publicity. The UCSD Blood 
Reserve Fund now bas 151 additional pints of blood for 
use by students, staff and faculty and their famjJjes . 

If the need arises, or il you need information about 
the Fund, call me on x2811 in the Staff PersoMel 
Office. . 

NANCY HAMMON,DS 
BlOod Drive C ___ lnalor 

to hassle people they do not like. My experience is that 
most of ,the people so hassled are blacks, CIUe_, 
lays, tile poor and most of these people are under 30 
yean of a,e. It is also used heavily against people who 
have the audacity to question the behavior of a SDPD 
officer. I pe .. the reasonin, must be that anyone 
"crazy" enou,h to do that must be either "drunk" c:>r a 
"danger to himself." 

In ~rms of statements made by officlals of the 
SDPD, my experience has taught me not to believe 
anythina they say. I have experienced far too often 
gross mlsstatements of facts and out and out lying. 

One Ii rea of Mr. Gould's article where he apparently 
became confused in reading his notes are the statistics 
on the .tatements he quoted (rom me about Internal 
Affairs and the number of cases followed through. As 
far as I know, Internal Affairs doesn' t ignore any case 
brought to their attention. On the contrary, they seem 
to do all they can to justify an officer's behavior in 
every case that comes to their attention. It is tile 
ACLU-San Diego that ignores Internal Affairs as our 
experience has been that to report a case of police 
misconduct to them is, at this time and for the last 2 
years or more, an exercise in futility . The statistic on 
only 2 out of every 25 cases of police misconduct 
having any follow through refers to my experience 
with people calling in and reporting cases of police 
misconduct. Only aboul2 out of 25 callers are willing to 
follow through with their complaint. Of those 2, about 
10% are litigated. 

Tbose cases that are litigated are referred to private 
attorneys by the ACLU who will handle these cases 
and have track records of expertise In these cases. As 
most persons who are victims of police misconduct 
cannot afford an attorney, the ACLU-San Diego pays 
the necessary court costs of litigation which are 
reimbursed if there is a judgment it. favor of the 
victim. The attorney also receives some 
compenaation out of the judament if the case is 
decided in favor of the victim. That compensation is 
agreed upon between the victim and the attorney prior 
to litigation. If there is no judgment in favor of the 

. victim, then no costs are incurred by the victim. 
I would encourage everyone who becomes a victim 

of law enforcement misconduct to liIe a complaint 
with the Police Practices Committee of the ACLU-San 
Dielo, 1546 5th Avenue, San Diego, CA 92101 , (714) 232· 
2121. 

I would also encourage everyone who is interested in 
fighting fo:, human rights, Constitutional Rights and 
civil liberties Cor all to join the ACLU . 

FRED SCHOLL 
• Vlce-presl!ten~ 

Chairperson - Police Practices Commlt&ee 

Fellowship 
Program . 
now open 

Applications for Triton Times 
Editorial positions will be accepted 
through Friday. 

The President' s Undergrad-
uate Fellowship Program 
Competition for 1978-79 is now 
ope n . This . competition has 
grown in popularity among UC 
San , Diego students since its 
inception in 1967. The program 
is designed to assist unusually 
ta lented undergraduate 
students to carry out special 
s tudies and projects under 
fac ulty supervision during 
term time and/or vacation. 
Suc h projects may include 
research and/or other creative 
activities . 

This year, another fellowship 
has been added to the competi-
tion in the name of David Jay 
Gambee. David was a Revelle 
student who was killed in a 
traffic accident just prior to 
this academic year. The 
fe llowship, established in 
memory of David, will be 
awarded with preference to a 
stUdent doing a project in an 
are a in which David was 
interested, namely, naturalists 
study in Yosemite , student 
government or music. For 
additional infonnatioD regard-
ing the Gambee Fellowship, 
contact Tally Wickstrom, at 
452-3804. 

Fellowship applications are 
av ailable in your college 
Student Financial Services 
Qffice in the Administrative 
Complex . 

The deadline for submission 
of all required documents Is 
May 22, 1971. 

VILLAGE HOTEL 
In the Village at the Cove 

This uniquely d!Uerenl hotel qfJers 
complimentary brealifast in bed andJresh 
]lowers and candy In every room. Whether U Is a 
game oj golf. a quiet walk along the shore, 

shopping or gourmel dining 
you wllLflnd It here. 

1110 Prospect Street La Jolla. CA 92037 
(714) 454-0134 

SP£CIAl GUEST 
RICHIE LECEA 

USCD GYM (,EN~I?AL ADAI/'\/ I 
8:00 P.M. 5 ')0 lJ( \/) II"'/mll 11',1/, / /) 

rJ KEy<. AI/AILAIILE li T THE L1l \1) /lOX OFFI« H/E rRI 
IO,,,,,6p,,, J\N/) rlCKI-TI?Oi': 'NFORMATION 17/4 .j 2·4 59 
PRODUCFD BY WOI F & RISSMILLER CONCERTS 

CIEE 
ANNOUNCES 
ONE - WAY CHARTERS 

TO - PARIS, AMSTERDAM, ZURICH 
$245. From San Francisco - Los Angeles 

$199. - From New York 
• Lowest (ares to Europe! Lower thin Bud,tl - Sllndb)'~ 
• Confirm your CIEE ni,ht in .dv.nce ~ 
• Don"t risk airpon stlnd-by! 
.. Select rrom CIEE's nationwide schedule! 

ROUNDTRIP 
GOES 

THE FARE 
DOWN! 

• Reserve I Roundtrip with CrEE and save the most! 
• Combine any two CIEE nights to suit your schedule! 
• Select your own route! 
• Fires the same to III 3 European Cities! 

CIEE Student Travel Services CONT ACT: UCSD Student Center 8-023 
La Jolla, Calif. 92093 

(71 4) 452-0630 
Fares yalid thru Jul y 20. 1918. E Iunsion pc:ndin, CA B appro"al 

20 da y advlnt e purchase re.quired. Suu Limited 

SOPHOMORES JUNIORS 
'FUGHT PLAN FOR YOUR FUTURE WITH AVROC 

IAvt.tial! ResIM Officer CandIdItII A CoIItp Prapn of till IIaYy 
WI" you mit -' IS a PI 0 ... 111 in till fiIId of yow choict rIaIIt after col .... ? Or 
like so IMIIY oIhII1 these dip, will you be forced to find just lIlY old job until the 
_ y*!'yt bela IducaItId for coma ",1 
SIIIIIIDII 011 the otMr hIIId you could step imnIIdiatIty Inta a tOGd1IaYinI ($12.~ 
to stilt ... S20.5OO in 4 yu1J, .xcltlnl job thIt you btpn InIininI for (wIttI PlY! 
....... __ vacltlon bItwItn yow Juniaf II1II Senior yuls? 
TIlls is .... way of A VROC, • CIIICHI+lIfItIm 0IIfI0f1JInItr I¥aItinI for coIItp 
...... s, IIItII JIIIIIRS will someCIIiIlI on tilt ball. 
A VIIOC ,.... .xcltlmtnt IIItII cIIIIItnp II1II. way to JIIIIICI tour to fly, years IS I 
lIIvai AYiIIIGR 0ftIcIr. TIMIiIII. fIytna, ..... teIf-cGllfidlr.et In I world " 
"' .... uloMb.. I 
It's cWa"lI II""" tilt AVROC PropII. 1t 
(yIII .'t .... 20/20 YIsIonI. Intallla-lIet, stanIIna and drIYt to make illlecause 
flJiW modIm jet aircraft Is a demancIinI profIssion, pltysic.l/y, fIIIIItIIly IIId 
spIrituaIfy, you dIn'l find any kids 1IrlvIII( NAVY pllIII$. 

YOtJ.MAY APPlY WllltOUT 08U6ATlOI! 
CoIItIct LT .. CMUIDI. IIIIII¥y OIIMrlnflnullell [1 141 2IH444 .... -
. : ., SIll 1m, J35, s. CA 12133 



'CaII Ton-Fr~~ for your FREE 1978 
'Travel the most . 
travel ever published. 
charters listed, escorted tours, air/sea 
cruises, mini vacations. 
Call now., 30 .operatc;>rs standins.. by: 1-(~) 
821-2270 EXT. 510, 24 hours, 7 days per 
week. 
Special Discounts ... Free 

... Client Protection 
" .. .-

Inc. 

ciRe S'oourf eIl//air 
~n 

creations 
with this ad 

2 forlhe 1 pnce of 
after (J pm 

and all day Sun. 

Good thru May 9 

DANCE 
THEATRE/USA 

presents 

Dramatic Jazz Dance 
May Sand 8 

8:30 
Camino Hall Theatre 

University of San Diego 

tickets $5 
student - $4 

tickets available at Ticke tron and Box Office 

triton tines ......... 1.1171 

Arts ntertalnmen·t 
"FM" is out of tune· no ·r~ ............. 

, I 

Lia ... Ro_t~ appea.n ia coacert ia Uaivenai'. "FM." 

by Tim Mackenzie 
Arts Editor 

When music afficianados of the present and future look back in 
retrospect at the best of the " rock n' roll movies, " you can rest assured 
that Universal's new FM will not be among those memories. 

Rivaling Paramount's American Hot Wax as worst rock movie of this 
(or any other) year, FM j§ another concerted effort by the movie 
industry to super-saturate the rock movie market and grab Y9ung 
people's dollars as welL And it really is too bad. The premise for making 
FM seemed legitimate enough: a behind the scenes look at FM radio 
and the forces that conflict within it. 

The story centers around Q-SKY radio, a progressive station that airs 
almost all music and very few ads. With this format and under the 
guidance ·of Jeff Dugan (Michael Brandon) , Q-SKY becomes the 
number one rated FM station in Los Mt~eles. However, the parent 
company Billings decides it needs more revenues and orders Dugan to 
air more ads, which is where the conflict begins. Dugan quits under fire 
for refusing to air some Army spots, prompting his loyal band of DJs to 
go on strike and create a large demonstration in support of Q-SKY's ad-
light format . 

FM is lacking is so many areas that it is difficult to pinpoint any 
specifics. But I'll try. First of all, the film just doesn' t have any realism. 
It isn't an accurate portrayal of the radio industry, but since this is just a 
movie it doesn't have to be. After all, James Bond or Clint Eastwood 
films aren't real either. 

But the conflict over ads seems out of place, especially when no other 
alternatives are explored in the film. The street scenes are totally 
unrealistic, unlike any real-life demonstration I've ever seen. That 
closing crowd scene in FM looks more like' a church social in Oklahoma 
than a demonstration. And for a film with the budget thatFM must have 
had ($$$$$) , you would think that they would shoot those demonstration 
scenes somewhere besides the back·lot of the Univerisal Studio's tour. I 
was waiting for the tour bus to go right through the mob. . 

The conflict between advertising revenues and music programming 
is a real one. But I've never heard of one· instance where advertising, 
especiaJly a large contract, would be shucked in fa vor of more music. In 
this case, Q·SKY, as the top radio station in EI Lay, could simply have 
increased the cost of their ad spots to increase revenues, as opposed to 

more ad spots. As the most station in town could ask 

UCSD Muir Outing Club 
presents 

Adventure on Everest 
featuring ' 

DR. WILLI UNSOELD 
Mountaineer and Professor of Philosophy at 

Evergreen State College 
Saturday, May 6 

1:30 pm in TLH 107 
(Third College Lecture Hall) 

Dr. Unsoeld is one of the most experienced 
mountaineers of our time. Apart from his successful 
Everest expedition he has done extensive 
mountaineering in the Himalayas and made 
attempts on Ni/kantha (21,640 ft .), Makalu (27,790 
ft.), and completed first ascents on Mashenbrum 
(25,660 ft .), Toshain·1I (20,000 ft.) and the north ridge 
of Nanda Devi. Dr. Unsoeld has also done extensive 
climbing in the Tetons, Yosemite Valley, the 
Cascades and Swiss Alps. 

Dr. Unsoeld has taught Philosophy at Oregon 
State and at Evergreen State College. He has served 

. in the Peace Corps, worked with Outward Bound 
and taught various mountain-climbing classe~. 

h.ded .." tlte AS .M Recnatio'" AtWetic. 

for increased prices from lnel r"" pr~ since they have the largest 
audience. The point is, there than those explored 
in FM. HI were the owner of have told Dugan that due to 
inflation, etc., and his unwil Xiore ads, his salary would 
not be increased. In pta stop to his coke and 
champagne parties at the ompany. After all radio is a 
business and should be 

Early in the film, that this ad pressure will 
probably come about in the ads He advises his DJs that 
under no circumsfances w its position about 
advertiSing. Yetlater in the perfectly willing to make a 
compromise with his ad ng the Army spots with his DJs 
doing the narration. A hip smooth delivery. 

With no major star to cente attention~n, FM is reduced to 
portraying six DJs , seve sta ff and assorted other 
personalities . The trouble of the film, there is simply 
not enough time to of the characters. Hip, cool· 
man Dugan and shallow beyond belief. The 
sultry, sexy rock and roll and quits the 
station briefly during the doesn 't know why. 
The biggest character failure iday, who's supposed to be 
a has been; he scratches air, and is obviously a 
troubled man. Why? The don 't tell us. Add to this 
something about a past ugan and a f~male DJ, and 
you've got meaningless t::U::'Jllt'' '' 

Michael Brandon is given the extreme 
shallowness of the role. Fernwood & Night) 
steals the ' show as a DJ engaging in sexual 
escapades in the the sexy "Mother" and 
Cleavon -Little as "The ' don 't get a chance to do 
anything with their roles, Karras is left with the 
sorrowful task of doing Doc Holiday role . It ·s 
probably enough to drive Night Football . 

I'd heard that several in FM, including music 
coordinator Irv Azoff. to be associated with the 
film. Now I know why. The as not to be believed. But the 
message it leaves was even . it would never happen. the 
filmmakers could have turned ' a parody of radio, a first-rate 
comedy, especially with the supplied by Martin Mull's 
performance. The music is Steely Dan's original theme 
song. After the theme song, is totally out of tune. 

't~· ..... ··-·~ ...... ·· ..... ·· .... ··-··" ...... - .... ·, 
j I 
,,·COMMUNITYf 
:iBLOOD BANK! 
., . 
, 983 India , i 327 F Street { 

~ PAYS DONORS ( 
t for Service ;,:. 
f Mon . · F,I . 
t 233-5481 ; 
L· 234·4601 : ....... ~_ •. _ •• _ •• _ •.• _._ ..... _ •.• _.C 

ABORTION 
BIRTH CONTROL 
FREE PREGNANCY 

TESTING 
'LOW COST 
*CONFIDENTIAL 

*STUDENT HEALTH 
INSURANCE 
ACCEPTED 

*FINANCIAL 
ASSISTANCE avail-
able to those who 
qualify 

Birth Control 
Institute 
283-7391 

ne UCSD ""_k Depart-
.. eat'. Schol.r.hip Pi •• o 
eerie. will co_ to • briOia.t 
clo.e with Muzzors.ky'. 
popul.r "Picture •• t aD 
Exllibitioa" oa M.y 10, 8 pm, 
Maade\.oiIIe Auditorium. ne 
piaa~t for tbie fi ... eveat wiD 
be the youaS H.as.ri •• 
T ..... Uas.r , pictured 

.~~e. 

Thursday Concerts 
In another one of its efforts to 

bridge the gap between the 
University and the Community, 
the UCSD Music Department 
invites the public to join us for a 
concert every Thursday noon. 
The affairs are infonnal, so 
bring along your lunch and be 
entertained. 

Each week a new kind of 
concert is offered. On May 4, 
Turetzky will feature his 
innovative Contrabass Choir. 

Vocalist Karen Haigh and 
flutist Ann Erwin will share the 
platfonn on May 11. Among the 
works on the occasion will be 
the Flute Sonata in B-flat by 
C.P.E. Bach and the Walter 
Piston Sonata. 

On May 18, visiting artists 
Margaret Rose, pianist and 
Marcia Zeavin, cellist will offer 
a duo-recital on May 25 and the. 
season will conclude the 
following week with chamber 
RlUsic by Copland, Kodaly, and 
Mozart . 

triton times 

These events are free and all 
are cordially invited. 

Contrabass Choir 
A Contrabass Choir? UCSD 

'has one under the direction of 
world-reknowned contra bas-
sist Bert Turetzky . The 
innovative ensemble will be 
making its second appearance 
of the year on the weekend of 
May 12·14 as part of a Contra-
bass Festival. The weekend 
will also feature solo recitals 
and lectures on the topic of this 
most unjustly neglected of solo 
instruments. For information 
on all events call 452·3229. 

"Finishing Touches" 
Final perfonnances of Jean 

Kerr's Broadway comedy hitof 
1973, " Finishing Touches" , will' 
be presented this weekend by 
San Dieguito Little Theatre at 
the Exposition grounds at Del 
Mar. Shows Thursday through 
Saturday will start at 8: 30 pm. 

The play will also bring down 
the curfain on the Little 
Theatre's current season. 

"Finishing Touches" reo 
volves a round a college 
professor and his wife who 
approach the middl~ age cris!s 
traditional to marriages. He IS 
turned on by a not-to-bright but 
beautiful student while his wife 
is romanced by a thrice 
divorced law professor next 
door. 

The crisis develops further 
when their son who is stud) ing 
at Harvard arrives home with a 
female classmate who also is 
his roommate. 

Adult admission to the spoof 
is $3.75. Students and senior 
citizens are admitted for $2.25. 

Group Sales Chainnan Dan 
Oliver said " Early Bird" 
memberships for the 1979 now 
are available . They are $11 for 
adults, and $7.50 for students 
and senior citizens. 

Plays under consideration 
include California Suite , if 
available, On Borrowed Time, 
The Remarkable Mr. penny 
Packer, Flea in His Ear, Toys 
in the Attic, and Arsenic and 
Old Lace. Four will be pre-
sented during the season, said 
Oliver. 

FRIDAY · nilE 
rL~(KI 

NOMINATED FOR 4 
ACADEMY AWARDS 

t ...i ~--. 

Lina Wertmuller's • 

Saul BeautIeS 

FrtdI" ... , 5 7 and 9:30 pm USB 2722 
Central Box Office, 452-4559 

Unl .. ,,11 Evenll Ollie. 

TERRORISM! 
Regent's Lecturer Dr. Harold Chase will 
discuss "Civil Liberties and the Problem of 
Terrorism." 

THURSDAY, MAY 4th 
I pm at the Revelle South Dining Hall 

Sponsored by the Revelle Provost's Office, the Department of Political Science, 
and tbe Science and Technology Program. 

DO 
D~ 
~~~frn 

SPRING FLING! 
Cashew · Monterey Jack Alta-Dena 
Pieces Cheese Frozen Yogurt 
5149 lIb S135 jlb Cones 2Se 
res. S 1.95/1b reg. S1.75J1b reg. 50e 

Open All Orren Good PLUS 
[nry weeknilht til 8 from M.y .13, 1978 II othe, 
Friday til 9 
SlIt., Sun 10-6 
Loc~ted dose to UCSD in [Nne Shopping Center 

INTRODUCING 

T"~ 
6DDl.... 

SUNDAY MAY 7 
SAN DIEGO UOM'S 'BIICA 

All seals reserved. IntflIate Amphitheatre Style 
$6.75. 5.75 05. , 

Tickets avalloble a1 Sports Arena Box Office. all BHI Gamble's Stores 
and Areno Ticket Agencies. Inforrnotion: (7141224.4176 

FREE' PARKING AND MILITARY DISCOUNT 



~. t 
Sport I 
1M rlnkln. 
Run ing on Empty tops 

RUDJlin& on Empty staked 5) Lilies of the Field (2-0) 3) Ellever (3-0) 
themselves to a 10.0 second Men'. A 
innina lead and then held on to The Del Mar Coasters stayed 4) Suck Mucks (2-0) 
defeat tbe previously top atop the Men's A ranldnas as 5) Multi~:'P1::ns (2-1) 
ranked GaOla Bongers, IHO in they upped their season record AAA _ Thr! teams tied for 
last Saturday's featured to 3-0. Last week's second billed first place in tbe Randy 
intramural soft~lI ,ame. The cl~b, the Flying Crab Lice Stevenson 1M volleyball league 
~ Ufted Running on E.mpty .(wlnners of the most nauseat- occupy the top three spots in 
IOto the number one spot 10 the 109 name of the week award) tho k' . 
Meo's AA poll wbile the loss had a bye an.d fell to the third ax:lt wee s AAA rankings. The 
dl'O~ped the Bongers to number spot. The ratlngs: 1) Deltas (4-0) 
ten. 1) Del Mar Coasters (3-0) • 

In the Men's AAA diviSion, 2) Raw Raw Raw (2-0) 2) Great Expectations (4-0) 
Royal Hippodrome remained 3) Flying Crab Lice (1-0) 3) N~gy Patrol (~) 
the top ranked club and the Del 4) PB Bombers (2-0) 4) Re~~ts (2-2) 
Mar Coaster stayed in the top 5) Too Cool (1-0-1) 5) Fal s Whys (2-2) . 
spot in the Men's A division: Coed A AA - teams from ~he Jlm~. 
The rankings for softball and Return of the Butts shocked Tho~ Leagu~ domlD~te this 
1M volleyball : - last week' be t week s rankmgs, With the 

Men's AAA_ 
Hippodrome repeated as 

number one, while Midas 
stayed in the number two spot. 
Kirby's Bacon, rated third last 
week, lost and fell to sixth. The 
ratings: 

1) Royal Hippodrome (3-0) 
2) Midas (3-0) 
3) Open Minds (2-1) 
4) Biohazards (1-0) 
5) Schroorns (1-1) 

Men's AA 

Running on Empty took over 
as the number one team with 
their . win over the Bongers. 
Last year's championship 
squad, the Strikeouts (led by 
JD Shap, Sal and Alan Ze-
brach) moved up a notch to 
third as they won their 
consecutive game. The rat-
ings: 

1) Running on Empty (3-0) 
2) TDH &: SLU &: Co (3-0) 
3) Strikeouts (3-0) 
4) Inputs-Outputs (2-0) 

., s num r one e.am, number one , four and five 
ESSie s Lu":lber Co. (capta.aned ra nked AA squads. The 
by ~CSD Sid H~nry DeVries) , ratings: 
9-7 10 last week s feature coed 1) Barcardi (4-0) 
softball ga.me . Th.e Butts 2) Squeaky Rubbers (4-0) 
backed tbelT way I~to the 3) Soft Cells (4-0) 
nU'!lber th~ spot thiS week 4) Mooners (4-0) 
while ESSie s fell to tenth . 5) Free Balls (3-1) 
Dynamo Hum set some ~ort of A _ three teams from the 
record as ~hey crusbed Liahona Andy Skief League hold the top 
41-4 (th!lt s forty-one to four). three spota in this week's A 
The ratings: division volleyball rankings: 

1) Renobettes (3-0) 1) YLS (4-0) 
2) Bush League (3-0) 2) Agony of Defeat (4-0) 
3) Return of the Butts (3-0) 3) Kahuna (4-0) 
4) Dynamo Hum (3-0) 4) Dishpossesses (3-1) 
5) Thumpers (3-0) 5) No D (3-1) 

Coed A 
All three of last week's top 

ranked Coed A squads suffered 
losses and fell out of the ratings. 
Fire Flags divoted ·the Turf 
Turds, 14-6 to take over the 
number one ranking. The . ~ •• '". 
Ragtime Blues went from fifth 
to second ith a 9-8 win over LSD-
23 and Ellever rose from eighth 
to third as they soaked the ' 
Tinkle Squad, 16-3. The ratings: 

1) Fire Flags (3-0) 
2) Ragtime Blues (3-0) 

Hauser wins 1M 
Frisbee Tournament 

Mark Hausercardeda36hole 
total of 124 to win the first 
annual frisbee gold tournament 
sponsored by the UCSD 
intramural department last 
Sunday afternoon. Hauser had 
rounds of 67 and 57 to put him 20 
under par for the day, six 
strokes ahe~d of runner-up 
RosS' Bott who finished at 130 (6H3) . 

Winners of the Masters and 
open division competition: 
Individual - Hauser (67-57) 
124, Bott (67-63) 130, Comstock 
(69-63) 132, Olds (66-67) 133. 
Team - Bott/Olds (130-133) 
263, Comstock/Galloway (132-
138) 270, Hauser/Kerry Keeler 
(124-149 ) 273 . Best Ball -
Hauser/Keeler (65-56) 121 , 
Bott/Olds (63/60) 123, Com-
stock/Galloway (63-61) 124. 

... 11111,.'" 1.1 

Oja-i Tourney prov·es 
tough for netters 

by Karen Hunier 
The men's tennis team returned from the Ojai Tournament 

with a IitUe more experience under their belts in preparation 
for their upcoming district and national tourneys. Paul Metsch 
made a fine showing in the Indepeodent Men's College Division, 
advancing to the third round. 

Jon Gerdsen represented UCSD in the men's singles division, 
getting eliminated in the first round. Gerdsen was pitted 
against UCSB's number one player, Jacques Mansett. The final 

·match score was 6-2, 6-2. 
In .the first round Metscb played against Mike Bree, a top 

player from Cal State Dominguez Hills, defeating him 6-3, 6-3. 
He then advilnced to the next round against Whittier's top man, 
Charles Larkham. Metsch eased by Larkham, 6-4, 6-2. Corning 
to the third round Metsch drew a tough opponent, Sauvignot 
Suresch from Pepperdine University's highly regarded NCAA 
Division I team. Suresh, an "outstanding player", in the words 
of Triton coach, Tad Yamaguchi, beat Metsch, 7-6, 7-5. " The 

mat~h really could have gone either way, it was very close," 
Yamaguchi remarked. "Paul had his chances to win a number 
of times." 

UCSD's doubles ~mtry of Bill Hein and Jack Broudy was 
forced to default from the tournament due to Broudy's illness. 
Yamaguchi was unable to contact a player to replace Broudy in 
time for Thursday's match. 

Pt. Loma tourney 
~he men ~mpete this. weekend in an independent tourney at 

Pomt Loma 10 preparation for the upcommg N/U'A DIstnCt 111 
finals in Redlands on May 11, 12 and 13. 

The women's tennis team also rounded out their season at the 
Djai Tournament last weekend. The team took four girls, one 
doubles team and two singles players, but unfortunately none 

(Pleue turD 10 pale 8) 

Hauser also teamed with Bob 
Olds to take the team best 
" ball" title, as the duo scored 
rounds of 65 and 56 for a 121 
total, 23 under par. In the team 
competition, Bott paired up 
with Olds to win by seven 
strokes over Dave Comstock 
and Phil Galloway. 

Open Divison Individual -
Vince Zurzolo (69-62) 131. Team 
- Zurzolo/Tim Valentine (131-
149) 280. Best Ball - Zurzolo/ 
Valentine (55-59) 124. 

hone ...... " •• ,dd •• it. 
proper polo etiquette at Ie.t Fridey'e eprhls canhlal at the SbHleat <:e.t.... the 
tlltelage of Dr. Charlie MON,. sro.p of et.de ....... tryi .. to fo .... a polo t_ at UCSD. 
Moe., who h_ pleyed polo aU hie life, .... challeased both SDSU _d USIU toetart t ..... aad 
hopefully, org •• ize a college polo leap. i. s... Diego. . 

Competition took plac~ two 
eighteen hole courses designed 
by Bott and Richard Collier 
(the Triton Times erroneously 
stated last week the courses 
were created by Lee Johnson) 
which covered the Mui r , 
Matthews and Revelle camp-
uses. 

Due to the response of frisbee 
golf in the form of totar students 
participating in the tourna -
ment, informal team competi-
tion will be contested during the 
next few weeks. Dates and 
times of the competi'jons will 
be posted at the. RI!creation 
Gym office. Two person teams 
anLencouraged to Sigl op. 

TUITIONI 
INCREASES .r 

causing you to look for 
higher paying work for 
the summer? Talk to 
Southwestern . Call for 
interview: 

459-4396 

/VOTE\ 
There's something special 

about this year's Election! 

La.t Chance 
to find out todayl 

VOTE! 

!I *, .. _., • .., a. .!'" 
Standarlzed tests, shortcomings 
to be explored upon passage of bill 

"Every high school, college and ,radyate Furthermore, ~B 2005 -req~lres standardized 
student in California is virtually at the mercy of testing compames to prOVide students and 
standardized tests " stated UC Student Lobby college admissions committees with reports on 
Co-director Jon Haber. "Our hope is thatSB2005 the tests' limitations. 
will help both students and the public to Haberemphasizedtbat, "SB2005Isnotmeant 
understand the shortcomings of these tests." to be an anti-tesiing bill; it Is a pro-student bill." 

Introduced by Senator John Dunlap (D- Few students can obtain a college education 
Napa), SB 2005 will be hear~ tod~y at 8 am - its without submitting to some type of standardized 
first and most importantle,lslatlVe test. Dunlap test . 
is chairman of that committee. ·Standardized tests lJre used to help determine 

'which colleges and graduate schools students 
As the first bill of its kind to be introduced in are admitted to, whether or not they receive 

California, SB 2005 requires standardized test financial aid, and ultimately, whether they can 
producers to disclose a detailed financial practice the profession for which they were 
statement as well as one copy of questions and trained . 
answers for each type of test. " The public is sceptical of standardized 

" We need this information (questions and testing ," said Haber , " so releasing both 
answers) ," said Haber, "so that independent fi~nc!al and tru~h-in-testlDg I!llormation will 
researchers can monitor and challenge the !)eneflt the testang companies as w.ell as 
vagueness and biases in standardized tests." students." 

,*** ••••• *** ••••. **** ... ****.* .• ******.**** •••. ******.**************.****.*., ~I@.!~j!j!sll****.***~::*! ••.... *C.lill§.i.f.t!dl •. 
I Cram Tau ao e""m you -.11 that IIvln,! TYPING. Exp. lenn piOpero. report. . mll< ... PI· _ persona s ~~. It wllb Focu. Helpline : H2 · UU ~:/~ cart>. ribbon. Call BEE. 76S-1358 ICUp Ad) 

Surrealist ,reetJnas to the han,ln, .lC.u.lplOr&. M. 
Va. Oer Lubbe (~/31 

Remember to apply for the Muir Cotleee CouncIl by 
Friday. May 5 In the Muir Dean' . Olli"". \513) 

OMlor Now! lot Warrell A-..I-ol people. placeo. 
and activltie • . Order May 1·10 at 701 Warren 
Cam.,... p .II 15131 

Exchlilve NtUuraat lookiRi for lIt1'ioua versaUI 
lemale vlolmilta. Call 216_ (5111 
Rope and Soxual MIa.lt .1ctI..,., let'. lOt io the 
.ource of tltl. proble:n . NimH .. il1 be kept 
CQnlldenliol. Plea .. contact Laura Richter ot the 
Triton Timtl. PhoDe UZ_ or 4t1-_ . 15/'1 

Volunteer ToniPt! Jola Focu. Student Helpliae. 
Meet at 7; _ . IIlIlr Apt. t.ounp. 

travel 
CIEE announce •• ew • • ppro+ed ONE·WAY 
-CIIARTERS! Coalirmedotallcan _ be boNed to 
Palio. AonIterdam. Zurldl! PrIc:ft belli at _ 
lrom Sa_ ..... ""'"""' ..... 10..1 ... II" lrom N ... 
York. Fly"" _trip tba pric:e -" _. whon 
vou combIlIo AllY two CIEE m ..... lhatlUit your 
~hedule! Se'ect your OWD route! Come Me ~ It 
CIEE Studol/t Tr.,..1 SeMllcea UCSD SI_I 
CenlerJHaLlJoIla.CA_ (7141 452_. 0JlO!ll 
weekday. lrom I H . (T8Al 

, 
BOOK ON CAMPUS; Eu~. Hawaii and New 
'ork Charter FU.hu. CIEE Student Travel . 

SWdIal~.IHU..""""·n.u CAll 452· 
06l:0 (elt) 

lost & found 
Loet lilver liDk bracelet. nt...rne .Dl!metItal value 
contoc t TT ollice or c.1I 41S·517S II lound 

(Conunued from pale 1) 
ity doesn't decide whether they 
should be taxed or not. I think 
students should, and are, going 
to start asking why they are 
being taxed for a number of 
things." 

-Alan Russel' 

For Sale: Complete __ Ii .. waleriJed unit Sloe 0< 
belt off.r call t52 · t~5I keep trylnl (5/51 
The Outback Cale I. UCSD· . Inlormal 
eetertainmeat center on WarreD Campu.See Jacll J_ tooke. Jack J_ perla"", live .t tho 
Outbado C.'e tonltel:31. 711 WalTOll Campu._· 
_(5/S1 
KFC - I 1 .. 1 lOrry 10< y .... 

for sale-
61 Volvo .atlon walon. Runs e.ceUeoL AM/ FM 

radio. radial •. best oHer. Call4S3·274S .ak for Ca m 
1~/5) . 

Con,lI ,ood cond o Call .... 45S·"" (5/31 
SONUS Bluo lobel ~ cartrid,.. AlI)'IIIlna elM 
_ Inlerior. MllIt ..... Uat '125. tTt . .. I·-
e. ... \5ISj 
I ador_ I "eeIl old klttena are up lor adop\lon . " 
y .. C8lI provide a comlonable borne lor one 01 
them. PIt .. call RoI>ln_. 

housing 
T .... uncler,uds lookln,lor an apt. to .ubi" lor tho 
l ummer . Cell Jetr 453 ·12 ... evenin,. (5/3) 

Rm. for ,rad male '113. mo·ly. APt'l4GC ollice. Ph 
.:l12t RM 5213 Urey . Avail. Imrn<dlately Name 
Junior. can !>twn 4: _ :31 ISIS) 

Del Mar be""h boule [or .... nt stal'linJ late J .... e . t 
_ •. row-.., <.1112131 --"""".-(TBM • 

services 
Typina· .. ""ri'ncotd. reUable. r_ble. IBM 
Correctin, Selectric. Call anyUme W.oI27. M ... 
Olds. (619) 

TYPING! IBM Soie<:trlc term "".,., .... tho ... . PhD. 
di_rtatl_. editi ..... RUSH J085 . _0S56. 510-
1111 • .-. 4>2·1 511 16/t) 

PROf'ESSIONAL TYPING . reasonable rattl . 
V,Uille Secretariat, 1.205 PrOlpect rID. 250, U Jolla 
_I'. (TBA) 

GUITAR LEII&ONS: Folk. m_nl. da .. lc.1. On 
cam .... Iocatlall . Call _ . 11111 

Oon'i: buy anything 
in 14K Gold 

till you've seen 
, 

THE OUTDOOR JEWELRY STORE 

1281 PROSPECT ST. 
LA JOLlA 

(next to Alfonso's) 
11 AM til Fogged Out - 45~.788 

Special for Mother's Day! 
14K Gold Floating Hearts 

Tiny Hearts $2.50 
Medium $5.00 
Large $10.00 

"Put Uv .. RelruaIoD Seminar" - IiDd ... t bow 
uplorllll put u ... thl'OUlb meditative re..-JoD 
can enhao<:e your pr_Dl uro. Gently lIdded by 
Ellaworth Amb ...... May 11th .... May l2tII. 'pmto 
II pm. fIG. Introductory Lectu .... may ab &Dol I(a, 
11th. 7: . pm. P.t Catamaran HoIeI. _ !oIluloa 
Blvd: ~ by tile Uolvenal Circle 01 Tbe 
lIandala Sodet)'. For Information .all TonILove 
Gabriel _1M. (5111 

wanted 
I WANT YOU if you need a prlmaryoraupplemotltal 
Income. TolaUy " .. Ible boW'. with Income Umlted 
..,Iy by quality of effort •• ponded. NO ..... work. 
San Die .. reaidltnta ODI~ ·Paaaden.a .rea rea6dent 
OK. Call Paul lor interview (7141 t5U5S3 1511) 
Two Del Mar preschoolliril _ slUer Tueoday. 
and Thundaya (1: 31).5) : no _pine: .. xt to 
boa.b. pool. (Can be luU time job arter quarter.nd.1 
PO/week to .. ort. ~Im. ISI3I 
SItlIIoId typiau wanted lor u""rtmeat. P lor .... 
t ..... an _ . 11l1li type mi. 7e wpm. Crail dMl. 
PLl53$ (5 / 51 
FUlL TIME WOJU( lor pre-pro/OIIIoIIallWdeDU. 
Ea.,. yGUr iIIIIoPtn*- &Dol tr.vel W._. 
[.ten-I .... bold. Call __ (~"I 

Page 7 
•• __ MM __ we_ •••• ' •••• ···, 

OInl of 1filt malIn 
HAIR STYUSTS 

Qua/ity Hair Styling 
For Men & Women 

We Use and Sell 

SilAS LA JOLLA aLve. 4154-6117 

Bird Rock 
• • • • • • • • • ' . . ' • • • . ' • • '. ' e I. ' I. I 

"'y 13, leturdly, 1:30 pm 
....,... ... AudHortum 
Students $3.00, GoA. $5.00 

-modern dance 
that will dazzle 
you 

..... a sense of 
the miraculous 
Q.uite wonder-
ful to exper-
ience!" -Lewis 
Segal, Los An-
geles Times 

**FecuIty/St8ff/Stucient DlscounU 
SCM on with this edle • 

UCSO Boll Otnc. 452-4551 



• 

Getting'high on Everest: 
free lec ure Saturday 

"M.ke ,...",.11001 now" 
. . 

Summer flights ~ooklng fast 
Altitude: 29,028 t. They 

ascended the Evere ,highest 
mountain in the world. The 
route had never been done 
before , but the y made it. 
Unfortunately, the party that 
was to JNide them down to the 
base camp on the other side 
had not made it. They were 
forced to bivoac at 28,000 feet. 
No one had ever survived a 
bivoac at this elevation before. 
Would they make it alive? 

The UCSD Outing Club will be 
sponsoring a free lecture given 
by Dr. Willi Unsoeld Saturday 
at 7: 30 pm. Unsoeld will be 
telling the story of his ascent of 
Mt. Everest, the highest peak in 

Tennis ... 
(Continued from page 5) 
got to the second round of play. 

the world, by John Hondros 
Unsoeld is one of the most . Stalf Writer 

experienced mountaineers of Planning a summer trip to 
our time. Apart from his Paris? Tel Aviv ? Kuala ' 
successful Everest expedition Lumpur? ' 
he has done extensive mount- "Now is the time to find out 
aineering in the Himalayas and a bou t oJ)tions and make 
made attempts on Nilkantha, reservations, as flights are 
Makalu and completed first booking fast," said Eric 
ascents on Mashenbrum, Bloland from the UCSD office 
Toshain II and the north ridge of the Council on International 
of Nanda Devi. Unsoeld has Educational ExchanJe (CIEE) 
also done extensive climbing in Student Travel Service. 
the Tetons, Yosemite Valley, Th~ CIEE. Student Tra~el 
the Cascades and the Swiss Service proVides students With 
Alps. information . on money-saving 

The event is to funded by the travel ~ptlons and makes 
AS and sponsored by rec rea- reservations as well. 
tiona I athletics. Europe and Israel . are the 

most popular chOices by 
students for summer travel this 
year, according to Bloland. 

Blol a nd explained that 
students have three economical 

In a tough draw, the team of Debbie Shapiro and Lisa Winsten 
was pitted against the number one doubles team from Stanford. 
Needless to say, the competition was a bit o!.!t f VCSD's league. 

flight options when planning 
travel to Europe. The first is by 
budget fare ,. in which the 
student must make flight 
reservations and purchase 
tickets 21 days ahead of time 
because of limited seating. 
When making reservations, the 
student must specify the week 
he/ she plans to leave. The 
airline contacts the student in 
seven to ten days, informing 
himl her of the exact day of 

"It was really a shame to get such a ha rd first round match,'" 
commented Triton coach Chris Mattson. " Debbie and Lisa a re 
a good doubles team, but Vtey just a ren 't up to the level of 
Stanford's play. They really appreciated the caliber of tennis, 
though." 

Elizabeth VanDenberg lost in her singles match against a 
tough player from CSU Bakersfield. Amy Goldenberg fell to an 
Occidental opponent, 6-4, 6-3. 

Dorm savings ... 
(Continued from pale 1) 
campuses. 

In his testimony before the 
Assembl y sub comm ittees , 
Hewitt described the posses-
sory interest tax as "discrim-
inatory and contrary to public 
policy." There are no statewide 
guidelines on the tax so its 
assessment and rate could vary 
greatly ~tween coun!!e~._. 

departure. 
The second option is by 

standby fare , in which no 
reservations are made. This is 
a cheap but risky option, as the 
student is not guaranteed a seat 

"The possessory interest tax unless there are empty seats at 
clearly discriminates against the last minute or a flight 
students at public colleges a nd cancellation comes up. 
universities," stated Hewitt. Bloland said there has been a 
•• A speci al cons t itutional few instances with the standby ' 
provision exempts private option where students have had 
school student housing tenants to wait foilr to five days before 
and only UC students are being getting a seat on a flight. 
burdened with this tax; it is Bloland explained that a good 
.both arbitrary and unfair ." alternative are the charter 
. ................................ -;;; ... ' ........ ;-;; . ~-......• 

Expires May 10, 1978 ' : 

TRANSMISSION SPECIAL ~ 
f;a $1450: . . 8 Ii P9 ON MOST CARS : . WITH THIS COUPON reg. $24.10 

• Band Adjustment (wh .... e appllc.bIe) 
• Change Transmission Fluid • Clean Filter • Adjust Linkage 
• New Pan Gasket • Road Test • Check Modulator 

Mission Transmission & Brakes 
ALL OUR WORK IS FULLY GUARANTEED 25 YEARS EXPERIENCE 

6131 Mission Gorge Rd. 283-6118 
.---- ................•....•..••...•.....•..........•...•••••••.. ~ .... , 

If you could teach 
people who would listen, 

would you teach? 
The Navy's Nuclear Power 

program is looking for a limited command, operate and maintain our 
number of highly qualified more than 140 nuclear reactors 

have to be the best. instructors. People who have 
recently earned degrees in But it's more than just a "teaching job", because you'd be a 
mathematics, physics. nuclear commissioned Officer in the U.S. 
physics, engineering - or have Navy. The benefits are excellent _ 
practical knowlE!dge of nuclear including good pay, housing and 
propulsion systofTIs - and would available medical care. Your four 
like the opportunity to share that years would be spent at Orlando, 
knowledge with others. Florida. 

Th~ young people you'd be So if you've ever said to yourself, 
teaching would be top 3tudent . ''I'd really like to try my hand at . 
They have to bE'l. The. Navy has over teaching" now's your opport 't 
20 years' experience In the nuclear Contact.' Un! y. 
field. The men we choose to . 

........ 

The Nucl~ar Navy 
Last Chance 

to find out todayl 
Contact LT John.CHALKER, the Navy Officer InformaUon Teem, (714) 213-6444 or lend 
rnUnMl to: NRD Sen Diego, NTC Bldg. 335, San Diego, CA 12133 

flights , which are Dot only 
limited to stUdents. Charters 
are a little more expensive than 
budget and standby, but this 
fare guarantees a confirmed, 
round-trip ,eat. 

In addition to offering 
economical fli2hts to foreign 
countries, CIEE also Pl'Clvides 
dollar-saving means of travel 
when the student arrives in the 
country. Bloland said that in 
Europe, the most popular and 
economical means of transpor-
tation is through Eurail Youth 
Passes. 

According to the CIEE 
Travel Catalog. the passport to 
low-cost travel is the Interna-
tional Student Identity Card. 
Bloland said the card c~n Qe 
purchased at the CIEE office at 
UCSD for only..,. 

"The only requirement (for 
the card) is to be a full-time 
student with at least 12 units of 
classes," be said. The card is 
good until Dec. 31 of the year 
purchased. 

" If a person is age 25 or 
younger , $250 allows two 
months of unlimited second-
class rail travel in 15 coun-
tries," said Bloland. 

For :.1urther questions con-
cerning flight options, special 
rates, flight schedules or about 
"ideas on different places," 
contact Eric Bloland or Denise 
Kelton at the CIEE office 
located on the second floor of 
Building A in the Student 
Center. 

M.D.lD.V.M. Dearee-&'rope/U.s.A. 
IT IS NOT TOO LA"tE for you to enroll In the 
programs of the INSTITUTE OF INTERNA-
TIONAL MEDICAL EDUCATION which oHer. 
1 Enrollment lor Fall 1978 In meolcal schools In Europe 
2 M S In cooperation w ith recognized colleges and Uni-

verSities In the United States. leading to advanced place· 
ment In medical schools In Spain Italy . and other 
European countries 

3 Whi le you are In altendance at the medi(;a~ school. the 
Inslltute prOVides a supplemental BaSIC Medical SCiences 
Curriculum which prepares students lor transler Into an 
Amencan medical school (COTRANS) 

4 For those students who do not transfer. the Institute 
prOVides accredIted. superVised clin ical c)erkshlps at 
cooperating United Stales ledchlng hospi tals • 

5 DUring the final year of foreign medical schOOl. the Insh· 
tute prOVides a supplemental and comprehenSive clinical 
medical curnculum WhiCh prepares you to take the 
ECFMG examlnallon 

The Inltitule h.. been r.sponsible lor procesllng mOl'e 
American sludentl Inlo lorelgn medical schools than any 
olher organlutlon. 
For lurther Inlormatlon and application, con"cl· 

INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL MEgICAL EDUCATION 
Chartered by the RegenlS of the University of the Slate of New York 

3 East 54lh Street New York NY 10022. (212) 832·2089 

p-----------------~--~-----~ : EARN $3.50/hour : 
: Full or part-time work to distribute the 1978 : 
.: Zip Code Directories in your own area. I 
I ·Flexible hours around school schedule : 
: ·Work at your own pace : 
: ·Summer openings available now I 

I ~-----_-~JY~1~'11Q--------! 


