
The. "Dailx Guardian 
Volume 38, Number 2 Univenity of California, San Diego Monday, September 24, 1979 

Stables-See Story Page 5 

Approval for North City 
West Expected Thursday 

By Kathy Huffer 
Auociate News 'Editor 

Final approval of North City West 
may be just days away despite 
community and governmental efforts to 
a t least suspend action on the 
development. 

This Thursday the San Diego City 
Council is scheduled to vote on the first 
phase of North City West, and if the vote 
passes, more than 40,000 new residents 
will eventually fill now·empty land just 
north of Del Mar Heights. 

While past attempts to "ban or scale 
down the development have been loud 
but eneffective, opponents to North City 
West are now preparing plans to 
persuade the San Diego council to at 
least modify current development 
proposals. 

Several reports were released over the 
summer predicting negative 
environmental and economic impacts on 
the San Diego area as a direct result of 
the development of North City West. 
According to Del M~r City Manager 
Robert Nelson, the San Diego council 
has investigated these reports, and he is 
"confident they will take action" to 
mitigate the impacts. . 

Nelson says a recent report prepared 
by Del Mar consultants indicates that 
Del Mar will experience negative 
economic impacts due to the 
development. In particular, traffic, 
beach use and traffic accidents wal 

increase substantially if North City West 
is built, the report says. 

H the council does not adequately 
address the impacts, the city of Del Mar 
will take malters into its own hands, 
according to Nelson. 

The City of Del Mar, on~ of the 
strongest opponents to the development 
and the area'~ expected to be most 
aHected by North City West, is prepared 
to seek a court injunction to stop council· 
approved development, according to 
City Manager Robert Nelson. 

A separate report recently drstributed 
by San Diego County also indicates that 
North C.ity West could have negative, 
although not severe, impacts on the 
county area. While the county has nol 
taken a formal stance on the issue, their 
report was sent to the San' Diego council 
along with the Del ' Mar report. 

In addition to governmental concern, 
public opposition to the development has 
mounted (or several months. The 
Coalition for Responsible Planning, a 
Del Mar·based group which has 
attracted more than 500 members 
throughoul the area , is "proceeding full . 
speed ahead" on plans for a law suit, 
according to Tom Shepard, co· 
chairman of the group. 

Convinced that the San Diego council 
will approve . North City West this 
Thursday, the coalition is raising funds 
to file suit as a contingency plan to their 

Pleaee turn to page 6 

. 

Regents Compromise 
On Minor Social 
Responsibility Question 

By Trapper Byrne the service provided by the Invesbnent 
Special to the Guardian and Responsibilit~ Research Council, 

San Francisco - Pt:Qponents of which advises the Regents on4he "social 
"socially responsible" UC investments responsibility" of its investmenta. . 
won one minor vole and lost another Stanley Scheinbaum, a Drown 
here last week as the UC Board of appointee who led the move to the 
Regents gathered for their most service a year ago, wanted to 
uneventful meeting in recent months. resubscribe to it indefinitely. But an 

Absent from this meeting were the amendment by Dean Watkins, who 
dozens of anti-nuclear protestors, the called the service. "a waste of maney," 
hordes of television and print reporters proposed that the Regents examine the 
present at the spring and summer issue a year from now. 1he amendment 
meetings, as well as the Regents' major carried 9·8, and the full motion then 
celebrity, Gov. Jerry Brown. In their passed 11·6. 
place were six placid foes- of nudear The Reg~ts also acted Friday to 
power, led by perennial protestor change the voting procedure on 
Charles Schwartz, and a few bored stockholder resolutions to enable 
college reporters. Rejlents to register votes by telephone. 

(Brown was in town Thursday, the The issue arose last spring over '. 
first day of the two-day meeting, but General Motors shareholder', 
failed to put in an appearance at the UC resolution to prohibit GM and its 
Extension Center, site of San Francisco subsidiaries from selling automobile 
Regents' meetings.) replacement parts to the South African 

Absent also were the spectacular police or military. 
issues that had drawn attention to. the A majority of the Regents voting had 
Regents: control over two UC·managed cast their ballots for the resolution, but 
nuclear we apons development unreturned ballots outnumbered the 
laboratories, and divestment of stock in combined yes and no votes. Unreturned 
companies doing bu iness in the ballots automatically count for 
Republic of South Africa. management, so the Regents voted their 

The Regents did, however, take shares against the resolution. 
action on matters indireci.ly connected to Scheinbaum brought the matter to a 
the South Africa queation. vole before the. fuB board at ita May 

Friday, despite objections by meeting. The resolution passed , 
conservative Regents, the Board voted marking the first time UC had voted for a 

. ~;he for at least one more year to Pleaee turn to pale 19 

UC'S ~xon Highest Paid; 
Makes More Than GOvernor 

UC Preaident David Saxon is now the 
tqhe.t paid state einpIoyee, making 
nearly $30,000 more than Governor 
Jerry Brown, the La. Ang.I •• TImes 
reported ye.terday. 

Saxon, who now make. $78,750 a 
y~, ws (liven a 20 percent raise by the 
UC Regents at their meeting last week in 
San Francisco. . 

Other top uc officiaIa who received a 
substantial salary ' increase include 
General Counsel Donald Reidhaar, 
whose eaIary increased 17 percent to 
$62,000, \JC Treasurer Herbert 
Gordan, whose salary jumped 24 

Ex-Lea er of ·Co-op Gets UCSD Job 
a, Eric Ja18 

Unlike other former campus activi.ts, 
whose aocieI Coftcems often. yeDow 
aIq with their cIipIomu, former UCSD 
activilt Marco u Mandri continues to 
act on hit iduIa. 

U Mandri is back at UCSD as 
secretary in the Student Cen .. , the 
same complex that he frequented a few yeart_. u a ...... of the Student C0-
op, UCSD'. ,ehart-liwd and often 
radical student p_nment. . 

And he is one 01 the founders of the 
"~ for Ubor" coalition. 

~ Ptaanu for Labor in the 
bro.deet ...... , U MMdri sava the 
orpNzation is fiahtinc for 14 __ 
iuaIice," which he trInaIaeee .. • 

~ that better 'Ipnnnta Ihe 
cone ... 01 the "woe... cIau 
1MiaritJ," • f"eII..-t d..t "pa~ 
people to work ..... ad of to lit .."..-.d, ~ 
and • that a 

"decent wap for a dar~ work." 
Definintr the working class as 

"anyone who hu to sel their labor day 
to clal, ~ u Mandri .. ys hia OIlJanization. 
will fi8ht to make ,overnmental and 
private inltitutiona represent their 
.interests, not the intereata 01 ""'en 
and induatrialiatt." 

The UC Reaents, U Mandri .. y. by 
way 01 example, ~ be elected, not 
......... , to enaure that they better 
....-rat the needs of the "workint dau 

"'".t:t.~ Mondri....... ;!i.. ohoWd 
UC work. develop tomato' that 
incrM. ptOIitI for 11'0'"*1 while 
"'OW .. farmwadcen out 01 work? 

The coMIiaa, which wu formed 
about nine months .., and now has 
~40 .......... ,wlbe. 
pcpaliliclllic· .... = I lora tID be NCkoned with in 
.......... c..a.m. wiIhin the next 1M 
,.an. accunIw. to u M.n.Iri. 

No "leU out" 
Going back to work for the university 

that once disciplined him for protesting 
Central Intelligence Agenc), 
involvement on campus is not a "sell 
out" u Mandri says. -

Thou,h he deacribea his reJationahip 
with his new employe ... as ",ood," and 
thoutrh he .. y. workint conmlion8 and 
beneIits in the UC system are what 
brotht him back to campua, Li Mandri 
.. y. he hasn't Io.t az:'the due 
CGnKiouaneu that he veIoped while 
worIantr at an UIOI1ment 01 job. ........ 
from ReveIe Cafeteria cIiahwuher to 
cIockworIc. . 

In fact, Li ~ he u.s a few 
of the Ieaeona he _ .. achi8I.t 
UCSD to help hit COIIIiIion atr.: and 
cq .... " the ¥Olen of S- . 

Plea .......... 6 



2 ____________ ~ ____________ ~------------------~Th~e~n.~ily~G==wu~m=·an~-. --------------------__________ ~M~oo~d~a~y~.~Se~p~t~.~24_.~19_7 __ 9 

The Daily Guardian 
Irlc ... Jell a.r.tord-~ 

EdItor News Editor 

Kalhy Huhr John Hondros 
Associate News Editor Associate News Editor 

l.ruIgned cponions r_~ "'" v_ 01 the _member _Oflol bead oI l11e DaIIy~. 
IIw DaIIr ...... is publflhedMJncJav ttvoognfrldov Ourlng lro& regular lC'>OOIvoor by .tudonl. 

oIlhe ~ 01 Cotrler"": Son 0te00 Fot _ooaI. colt 452·3466. tor bu..-..... call ~2 3468 

Marcuse Memorial 
Herbert MarcUie was a significant penon, and we think it 

lisnificant that he worked here. 
After he retired al a full-time profeslOr in 1970, Marcuae, who 

died of a stroke thi. summer in Germany, planned occasional 
lectures and seminars and wrote in his small office on the third floor 
of the Hwnanitiea Library_ Lalt spring, before he left for Europe, 
the 80-:rear-old philosopher worked five or six hours a day ill his 
office. Sometimes he would spend the lunch hour sitting in a folding 
chair in the sun on HL', weat plaza. 

Marcuse was one of UCSD. most eminent Icholars. He has 
aiways enjoyed the loving respect 01 his colleagues; an 
overwhelming majority of the Academic Senate voted to support 
him when red-baiters tried in the late '60s to oust him from the 
university . 

Life was not easy for Marcuse then. As a rallying spirit lor 
student activiata allover the world, Marcuse endured intense 
criticilm from those seeking to restrict the academic autonomy of 
the Univenity. His opponents included the governor, Ronald 
Rea&an, governor at the time, and conservative members 01 the 
UC Resenll. . 

His fjnal yea,. were more peaceful, but np less busy. His last 
book was published in 1978; "he was working until the very end," 
accorcing to an alliltant. Hil work continued to draw praise from 
other acholarl, and his occasional speeches at campus teach-ins 
and rallies d"w large crowds. 

Marcuse deserves a lasting memorial at UCSD. And we have a 
1U~1ion. 

"Hwnanities Library" hal never been an adequate name for 
.Revelle'l busiest building. III library is not confined to the 
humanities, nor are the department offices it houses. We IUggest 
the faculty and the adminiltration consider changing the name to 
the Herbert Marcuse Library, in honor ofthe rnan who was its most 
celebrated and respected tenant. 

Picking a Chancellor 
The job 01 recommending a IUcceslOr for Chancellor Mc fJroy , 

who resigned last lunvner effective next July, will be handled 
throush a traditional Univerlity of California proces •. A search 
committee, appointed by President Saxon, willlOlicit applications 
and report back to Saxon with a recommendation. 

The committee will include five members of the Board of 
Resents, five profellon, one UCSD alumnus, a UCSD graduate 
stuCient and a UCSD Wldergraduate. Studenll' impact on the 
leIection of a chancellor will be predictably small, butr that il not as 
disturbing as the dilution of the campus's impact. At least two of the 
faculty members will not be from UCSD; only one regent. DeWitt 
HigSI, il from the San Diego area. 

1be search js clearly aimed at finding a chancellor who will start 
work more familiar with, and probably more interested in, what the 
central UC administration want; instead of what UCSD needs. 
Saxon and the regent. will undoubtedly receive the names of 
qualified candidates, but the UCSD community's skimpy 
representation on the committee also allures that we will have no 
way of knowing whether the new chancellor will be an advocate of 
University Hall in San Diego or a UCSD representative to the 
budget and policy makers in Berkeley. . 

A candidate lor undergraduate representative on the search 
commillee will be recommended to Saxon by Associated Students 
President Carlos Montalvo. We urge Montalvo not to appoint 
himself or one of his AS colleagues. 

Student and UCSD participation will be limited enough; 
Montalvo should be sure to recommend a student who is not so 
involved in student government that he neglects his duties on the 
search .committee. 

As for the committee itsell. increasing the number 01 UCSD 
faculty members would help make sure local issues receive the 
allenlion they deserve. . 

AS Deceit 
As officials, opposed · to Chancellor McEJroy's announced 

intention to turn the Coffee Hut' into a facully dub. assured Hut 
manager Holly Holmes last spring that they would do their best to 
"keep the hut open." . 

At the lIame time, these officials wen~ dillCuuinl-l among 
themselves whilt lhey would do with the Hut om:e it was turned over 
to the g<lvernment and they could evict Holmell. 

Since then the AS and administration have reuched II 
compromise: the laculty dub will be elsewhere, und the I lut will be 
turned over to the AS in December. Holmell. whu hUll lor yean run 
the moat pleagant eating plflce on tampus . but who hall done 110 in 
the nod - will be out in the c:old. 

The AS plan II to ulle the Hut illl IItudent Clclivity space ilOd. 
eventually. <Il1l1tudent oflicell. We're Illnd the space will be IIt't illlide 
for IItudentll inlltead uf proft's50rll. hut thl' AS Willi dt-t'eitlul in 
Ieadi"t( HoInll'll and sluck-ntl! to bditovl' that Ih,· Ilut wuuld rt'main 
open WI a rt'litiluranl. 

A Trial Run for 
Dwane Powell 

Since Oliphant, our regular Iyndicated political cartoonist, 
il on vacation, we're running the work of Dwane Powell, a 
Raleigh, N.C. cartoonist carried--'~y the Loa Angeles Times 
Syndicate, for a week or so. Whom do you like better, 
Oliphant or PoweD? Let .. know. 

John Tay}or 
Extension 'Would Appall Thurber 

In a series 01 essays in the 
1930s, James Thurber made 
light-hearted fun of back·to-
seifers and academics who 
wrote books on topics such as 
"Are Your Glands on Friendly 
Terms?" and "Your Compul-
sions and Errors Are Calls for 
Help." Thurber, who thought 
there were no replacements for 
common sense and the ability to 
home in on life's simple ironies, 
politely suggested that the 
chapter headings were all that 
you needed to read. He believed 
"that man will be better off if he 
quill monkeying with his mind 
and just lets it alone." 

ment class and the White House 
staff. 

"Friendship: How to Have a 
Friend and Be a Friend." I have 
been unable to obtain a 
syllabus, but I assume the first 
four hours will be spent on 

Selfism, another '60s 
leftover, is popular in corporate 
executive incentive programs. 
With the help of the idea that 
you can teach a class in The Daily Guardian 
anything, it has also found a 
niche in college, or at least 
college extension programs. 
This would undoubtedly dismay 
Thurber. 

I don't want to blame the 

Opinion 
UCSD Extension, which has Monday, Sept 24, 1979 
gotten enough ribbing for its 
past classes on bar-hopping and learning to be generous, 
going to the beach. Extenlion sensitive and compassionate; 
receives no state funding, and optional subjects will ' be letting 
no one forces people to take and your friend choose the movie 

The principle irony of the pay for dumb classes. But it's and restaurant sometimes and 
1960s was Vietnam_ It was not still fun to ponder the state of not telling your friend at an 
10 simple, and it became the recreational education, and the outdoor party that she looks 
adhesive that a'lIowed fall Extension catalogue is a uncomfortably hot in her 
sometimes conflicting ' move- great place to start. inexpensive polyester dress. 
menll - ranging from drug UIe For instance, it wUI take You call allO take a class in 

·to environmentalism to the Adelaide J. Bry, a perpetrator how to have a relationship with 
rights blacks and women - to of est, the program for deciding a member .of the opposite sex. 
exist side by side- . Recently it whatever you want to do il OK, - This class wUI take an hour 
has become clear that all these from te- 4 pm one day in more than "How to Have a 
m 0 v e men II are a I way. October to teach a course called Please tum to page 3 ' 
consistent with ~ another. lAtter to the Editor 
The rhetoric of environmental-
ism is now used by wealthy Bekken Says Try His History 
bedroom communities like Del 
Mar to keep shopping centers Editor: to read the Disorientation 

Manual (pp 24-27 and 10-15) 
published last week J,y the new 
indicator collective for a more 
accurate presentation. 

and high density, low-income I noticed in your "Orientation 
houling out of town. Drug use Issue" a rather cwioua fantasy 
has gone from being politically on the history of "student 
menaingful back to the streets government" here. I urge all 
and into the middle manage- studenll interested in 'the subject Jon Bekken 
,.......,------- Who Needs 'Lemonade-like'? ------, 

It's Not Time for 'Country Time' 
Think about Country Time, 

a powdered lemonade-like 
product. The coming forward 
of Country Time has centered 
on a certain old man and 
hordel of eager children_ 

your' thirst, blah, blah, blah, available on Mars. It was a 
and what you want is powder and became pbpular. 
IOmething real that will satisfy In the meantime, life on Earth 
your thirst like good old- contracted. Now, in these 
falhioned lemonade. That's recent days, adventurers from 
right -- the idea behind the Mars, sensing our need, have 
Country TIme powder-product. travelled to earth with the 

Titi. article is reprinted commercial is that lemonade powder. When the powder is 
with l'errnission from the itaelf is a thing of the pal" No given to certain of our 
Notes 'and Comment section one can Bet lemonade remaining Old Ones, they are 
of The New Yorker. anymore. Only some rich made happy and remember 

people. MOlt people don't lemonade. The idea is 
Children starved for newl of , even remember femonade persuasive. It causes you to 
the past. For yearl, they anymore. Only Grandpa, who forget that you can make 
ignored Grandpa. Tied him up hal been bound and gagged lemonade any time you want 
in the bam. Laughid at hil and dishonored all these years by squeezing lOme lemonl in 
silly ways. But now, after out in the desert, like the lOme water and adding ~ar. 
reading Foxfire One through decrepit warrior in "Star People don't know. They 
Five in their public elementary Wan," only Grandpa even reaDy don't know that you can 
school, they crowd around, remembers what it taltes like. make lemonade any time y~u 
hoping he'l tell them how to The rundown iI like thil: want. That's rilht. Lemonade 
make butter with a ltick. Lemonade died out when the is still available_ Right now. 
1here is a IOIl8.!. "Comdry Old One. Ioat out to the Any time you want. Lemonl 
Tnne, Country Time," etc. Invaders. But aome people are everywhere_ You can 
With this idea: Sometimes with the knowledp 01 the Old make lemonade ",ht now if 
you're realtrurlty, blah, blah, Ones escaped to Man, where you want to. It 'I greal. 
blah, and nothing seems to do they made a lUnd 01 synthetic Lemonade is .till totally within 
what ou need to ::ha::.v.:..:e:..:d::.:one=;..::to=--~Ie::.:m=o..:."a::.d::..:.!,~u;.:;:aan::.· ;JI1t-...:.m~a::.t;.;;e.:..:ri;.:;:a.:..:II;........_our.::..:;;_c.:..:a;;J;pa=cl;.;;· tiea;.:..:;.;" ________ --JI 

Monday. Sept. 24. 1979 The Daily Guardian 3 

Fromson's Work: A Last . Minute Paper 
By Jeff Beresford ·Howe 
Murray Fromson was , for 

over 20 years, a distinguished 
CBS radio and television 
journal is t. 

Beresford-Howe is news 
editor of The Daily Gf:( lrriiCl n. 

He was the first reporter 10 
reveal that Lyndon Johnson 's 
planes were bombing North 
Vietnam frOIll bases in 
" neutral" Thailand, and 
covered Watergate for CBS 
radio. 

He was the kind of journalist I 
looked up to. 

Until August. 
That was when Murray 

F romson descended to my Ie vel. 
He became like a college 

student on the make, trying to 
write a term paper to impress his ' 
professor. The technique is to 
confront a complex problem by 
providing simplistic and 
unrealistic solutions. 

But there were three crucial 
differences between what 
Fromson's term paper was like 

and something I turn in to the 
political science department. 

He was paid over $20,000 
for his late August effort. His 
"professor" was UC President 
David Saxon, and he got over 
six months to produce twelve 
pages of wide-margined, 
double-spaced wisdom and to 
provide Saxon with day-to-day 
"counsel." 

It started last year when 
Saxon apparently decided that 
the University of California was 
too beleaguered. It had, as Bob 

Haldeman has said, "a PR 
problem." 

So Saxon asked Fromson, 
who left CBS to become a 
"media consultant," to spend a 
few months trying to put his 
finger on why so many people 
believe that UC is oot as good or 
as valuable as UC says it is. 

their meetings), but talking in 
generalities picked up from that 
great I500k you read la,t 
quarter, or the T A who know. 
what the professor wants 
(ha ving told that professor just 
yesterday). 

Cable televi.ion, which is 
now the fashionable media 
growth industry, i. pushed as a 
possible UC venture. A 24-hour 
cable news service, Fromson 
says, would be a grand idea. 

Extension Would Appall Thurber 

The general aim, of course, is 
to improve school's public 
image, or "PR posture," thus 
making it easier to convince 
reluctant legislators that they 
should spend the state's money 
on UC instead of a ten-lane Los 
Angeles freeway. 

Fromson, like me, begins his 
term paper well, with promises 
to the professor that his report is 
so important that "careers may 
be affected, egos bruised and 
structural changes required, but 
these should not be allowed to 
discourage necessary improve-
ments." 

F romson also reveals the 
heretofore closely held secret 
that the UC system is unwieldy 
and overbureaucratized, with 
too many people doing the same 
thing on each campus in the 
same way, with little active 
assistance from univerlity 
headquarters in Berkeley_ 

Cootinued from page 2 
Friend and Be a Friend." That's 
understandable, considering the 
thorny complications that 
emerge in romantic situations, 
among them who has to water 
the houseplants and whose 
stories and anecdotes are more 
boring. 

If your most engagmg 
relationship is with yourself, or if 
you are tired of having a friend 
and being a friend, Dr. Maurice 
S. Friedman's course, 
"Searching lor Meaning: The 
Journey out of the Self," may be 
for you. I can't figure out from 
the course description whether 
this is about finding your self or 
getting away from your self. It 
says that if you try to (ocus on 
your self, you might miss it, but 
if you sneak up on it and 
surprise it , you might luck out. 
The· true journey to the self is 
really "the long journey oul of 
the self." Anyway, you ' ll 
probably learn a lot, because 

Dr. Friedman has written-over 
150 essays and many books. 
Don't forget to take your self 
and $7 .50; if you have an 
invisible friend; he gets in free. 

"Introduction to Self-
Psyching: The First Three 
Hours of the Rest of Your Life" 
promises to teach you how to 
avoid habits (blowing 
raspberries at policemen?) and 
people (Park muggers? 
Republicans?) that "psych you 
out" through "simple, 
cookbook-like step-by-step 
instructions." This course is not 
availablejn any store. You can 
send the Extension $7.50, 
along with an application from 
the back of a matchbook cover, 
or send the dough to K-Tel for 
the complete course on eight-
track tapes. 

I'm not saying none of these 
courses is uselul. For just plain 
fun there's "Laying on 01 
Hands," to be taught by Alan 
T . Levin, B.A., Instructor of 

Actualism and Laying on of 
Haoos at Valley Center. Levin 
w~1 make you aware of your 
body and help clear out 
"obstructions to energy flow." 
These include dangerous blood 
dots and undercooked chicken 
dumplings. If you wait too long 
befor sending in your $55, 
Levin will have to call Roto-
Rooter and charge more. 
W ARNINC: Do not try laying 
on of hands in your own home. 
You must pay a qualified 
instructor. 

Then there's "How to 
Develop Your Own Handicap-
ping Theory," taught by Gerald 
G. Eaton, a sociology professor 
al San Diego State. This is one 
01 the few courses this quarter 
that can actually make you 
money. Some risk is involved, 
because it costs $70 and the 
odds are only three to one that 
Dr. Eaton will show up. Dr. 
Eaton asks that you know some 

Please tum to page 19 

Then, also like me, he begins 
to talk very vaguely about the 
problem, never really targeting 
any specific problems (he does 
suggest that the Regent. use 
plaques in front of their chairs at 

Finally, Fromson says, the 
university should be honelt with 
the pre.. and the public to 
defuse criticism that often ltarta 
with iuues, then degeneralel 
into public accusationl of UC 
perfidy. 

I agree with almost 
everything in the report (except 

Please tum to pAle 19 

We Want to Hear from You 
The Daily Guardian encourages students, faculty members . 

and staff members to use opinion pages. We accept Letterl to 
the Editor about our 'coverage or about the iSluel we cover, or 
opinion pieces about anything you're interested in. 

Please type whatever you write on a 72-lpace line. Double or 
triple space, too. Letter .. should be no longer than a page and Ii 
hall; opinion pieces can be three pages long. 

Bring your submissions by The Daily Guardian's student 
center office, or use this address: Editor, The Daily Guardian, 
UC San Diego (8-013), La Jolla, CA., 92093. 

GET AWAY FROM IT ALL ... ' 

Live alone· in quiet 
downtown La Jolla. 

Your own studio ~partment. 
$250-$275/month. 

Utilities included. ' 
Close to bus and ,shopping. 

Call 481-267 4 for apple 

'.' 



4 The [)ajly Guardian Monday, Sept. 24, 1979 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
..... R ............................ ~ ........................... U ...... I.!I~. 1.U.I..! .. @~ .... j ................................ RR .... EE5Er~· .. t.·.f.· .. ~fi •• 

I INTERNATIONAL II 
Bokassa Depose~ 

NATIONAL __ J I STATE I 
Kennedy OK'd BI~zes Expensive 

BANGUI, Central African Republic (AP) - Jubilant 
('TOWell toppled a gigantic statue 01 depoaed Emperor 
Hokuaa I yesterday all heavily armed French aoldieu 
guarded key roada and weapon.leu local troops swept up 
debris from a looting .binge that followed &kana s 
bloodless ouster. 

A Ial'Je crowd marched to army headquarters and, as 
unarmed Central African soldiers watched, hauled down lhe 
tIIatue, bringing it crashing to the pavement. 

Boka.aa, who IM!ized power in 1966 from David Dockso 
and later anointed himself emperor, was toppled late 
Thuracbiy night in a French·bucked coup led by Dacko. At 
the time, Bokasaa was in Libya attemptinM to oJ,tain 
financinl( for his reMme in exchanMe for IIrantinM Libya a 
military base in the northern part of his nalion. 

1he (lUIted emperor later new to Paris on his pt!r5onal jel, 
but failed to win aaylum and was looking' for rduge in 
another country. 

Sino-Soviet Talks 
MOSCOW (AP» - A Chinese ddegatioin arrived 

yeslerday to open reconcilialion talks after two decades 01 
chiny relatioN between Moscow and Peking, but lhe 
.esaiona heMin against a background 01 propal!anda blasts 
between the two t:Ommunist giant .. 

The Chinese delegation leader. Deputy Foreign Minister 
Wang You~, was greeted at the airport by his Soviet 
counterpart, China ipeCiali.1 Leonid F. /lyichov. The two 
men shook hand. warmly and disappeared into a meeting 
room for about five minutes. Then Wang', delegation drove 
to downtown Mo.cow. 

1he oIficiai. Chinele new. agency Xinhua Hsinhua 
expreaaed doubt aboul Soviet llincerity in Irying lop settle 
the two countries' deep-seated disputes. It accused the 
Soviet. 01 trying to "create suspicions over the motives of ' 
the Chineae side," citing Soviet .talementll lhat China had 
become "a hotbed of war d,mMer." 

On the eve of Wanl('s arrival, the Soviet new Cl!(ency 
Tan carried Vietnamese char!!. of Chinese bad faith in 
fle\(otiutiona with Hanoi. 

Irs stili summer .. , 
but we're thinking winter 

All summer-related Items 
30 .... 01 

Waterskis by Connelly & Maherajah 
Ladleswear by Bolt. Island Wear 

Brown Sugar. Stevie Brooks and more 
Rollerskates. Dominion. Turbos. Makoha 

LEUCADIA 
Surf. Sport 

97. tMY 101 
LeucadIa. CA 92024 

(714) 71S· .112 

WASHINGTON (AP) - Moat membeu of Ihe 
Democratic National Commitlee responding to a survey 
indicated they believe Sen. Edward M. Kennedy already 
has majorily committee liUpport over Presidenl Carter for 
the party's 1980 presidential nomination, U.S. News ancl 
World Refl<lri said yesterday. 
There are 363 members of the DNC. Of the 105 
responding, the magazine said, 53 believed Kennedy would 
carry their slate if the party's convention were held today. 
Carter was supported by 30 percenl, while 17 percenl il was 
too dose 10 call . . • 

The magazine said Kennedy was far ahead in Ihe 
Northeast and comfortably ahead in the Midwesl. The Iwo 
were dose in the West. and Carter was favored by party 
leaders in the South il said. 

Nukes Protested 
NEW YORK (AP) - Thousands of anti·nuclear 

prbtesters gathered yesterday in Manhallan 10 ht!ar big. 
name rock stars and activists such as Jane Fonda and 
Ralph Nader in what wa billed as one 01 the largesl such 
demon.trations in the nation's history. 

Police were expecting a crowd of about 100,000 atlhe 
six·hour rally spoknlOred by the Sept. 23 RallyCommittee 
of the Musicians United for Safe Energy. 

Others on the agenda included former Congresswoman 
Bella Abzug, and performers Pele Seeger, Graham Nash, . 
Tom Paxton, Bonnie Raitt , and JacktlOn Browne. 

Demonslrators from three New England states convrged 
on Vernon in southeastern Vermonllo attempllo block the 
enlrance of the Vermont Yankee nuclear pwer plant. 

On the weat coall Saturday, a duster of balloons was 
released in Bremerton, Wash. ,to show which way the wind 
would blow radiation if there were an accidenl at a proposed 
wasl.e storage site at the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard. 

Rally leaders at news conferences earlier in the week had 
called on President Carter to begin an immediale phaseoul 
of nuclear power, replacing it wilh strict conservatiion and 
increased use of alternative energy tIOurces . 

SAN DIEGO (AP) - Firefighlers were moppin~ up 
yesterday c.flt"r the las I of Ihe major brush fire" which raced 
Ihroul-(h Soulhern California durinl-( Ihe past week, but \ 
officials say the infernoli have cost fire agencit"s millions of 
dollms in unblKlgeled, emer~ency funds. 

The cosl of balllinll !he 27 fires !hat roared across 
Ihousands of acres last week has now climbed to $28 million 
in errergency funds from the !hree major i1gt!ncies involved 
- Ihe U.S. Forest Service, the slale Deparlmenl of Foreslry 
and Ihe federal Bureau of Land Managemenl, said Ilank 
Weslon of Ihe slate agency. 

lhe acrealle destroyed in Ihe siege also sels a record , 
triplinl-( the lolal number 01 ~cres deslroyed in 19,78, wilh 
4fi9,()OO acres hlackened throyghoullhe slale since the fire 
season began in April. -

The only major hrush fire slill going' yesterday was in Ihis 
cOllnly, where an arsonisl's blaze has deslroyed 6,000 
acres near !he Mexican border al Olay Mesa . 

Gas "On Schedule" 
LOS ANGELES - The proposed $ 700 million PI. 

Conception liquid nalural j.(8S terminal is "back on 
sdlt"dule" this week after Ihe contracting company and Ihe 
Air Force ironed oul a three.point safety agreement. 

Progress on the project was slalled when the Air Force 
queslioned the safely of building Ihe planl near Vandenberg 
Air Force Base. 

McKinney 'aid his company signed an a1{reemenl with 
the military that calls in part for Weslern LNG to assume all 
financial risks in Ihe evenl of a missle·relaled accidenl at Ihe 
plant. 

The agreement also pledges Western LNG support of 
any Air Force efforts 10 oppose non· LNG industrial 
development wilhin four miles of the lerminal. Bolh sides 
will Iry 10 restricl to 300 the total number of non·LNG 
workers in the area. 

A shelter and evacuation plan will also be developed 
during missile launcht!s lhal could reliull in windblown debris 
reachifll{ the LNG facility, McKinney said . 

.---------------------~----------
HOUSE OF HAMOKS & FINE CRAFTS I 

the gentle swing west 
1250 Prospect. Suite 8-20 

Exclusive dea.lers in f1ne 
woven furniture from 

129.96 

Qual1w indoor and 
outdoor Hamoks 

from: 
Nicaragua 

Yucatan 
Puerto Rico 

Colombia 
Pawley's Island 
and other areas 

10% DISCOUNT TO UCSD 
with Ihls ad. good thru 7 October, 1979 

Hours: 
Mon-Wed. 10-5 
Thurs-Bat 10-6,7-11 
Sun 12-5 459-1279 

~-------------------------------~ 

Monda)', Sept. 24, 197~ 

Sale of Stables Set, 
Tax Value Is Reason 
) La Jolla Farms Residents Fight 
Over Value of Nearby Horse~ 

By John Ii ondros 
Associalc News Editor 

If University officials have 
Iheir way, La Jolla's only horse 
stables will be developed into a 
comml;!n.:ial or rl;!sidenlial area. 

Chancellor M cE lroy 
reques led Ihis summer thai the 
Campus/Community Planning 
COllllllillee seek a lterna tives 
"bollt "how best 10 develop Ihe 
La Jolla Farms s lables," 
an:ordin !j to Campus Pla nner _ 
Pal Collum. 

board Iheir horses at La Jolla 
Farms wanl 10 see Ihe stables 
mainl a ined , while property 
owners in Ihat area would like 10 
have more expensive housing 
de veloped , Collum said . 

Claiming Ihul " it is ridiculous 
10 helve stables in Ihe middie of 
La Jolla," Collum said Ihe 
campus planners will seek 

c~ternalives which wi ll bene/il 
the universily. 

The campus requcsi 10 place 
the universily . owned knoll 
pro perly (also locu led in the La 

The Daily Guardian 5 

Mcl::lroy 's requesl was based 
on the int en ti o n of Ih e 
Universi ty of Ce:diforni a 
legislature 10 use Ihe university· 
o wned prope rl y, lo ca l e d 
immediately wesl of Muir 
College, 10 generate tax income 
for Ihe stale. 

Jolla Farms area) in Ihe Na tural - '~~~!!'III" 
La nd a nd Waler Reserve r; 

"Since Universily land is tax 
e xempl, w e h ave be e n 
pressured by the legislature to 
sell il (the stables property) in 
order to get it ba<.:k on the lax 
rolls," said Collum. 

Last October, Ihe ·Chancel. 
lor's Board of Overseers, which 
is composed of eminent 
members of the comrnunily, 
unanimously recommended 
Ihat the stables property be 
leased for development of a 
mixed residenlial and 
{:ommer cial center. 

However , the board's 
recom'mendalion caused heat 
from both horse owners and 
local residents . The people who 

SSST 
e;tair C'rgu/S 
e;tennaJ 
8!JetmJ 
e;tif! Iii it!! III J 

10% ofj~ 
U);t!l 
sluf)enl 
it) 

Syslem was delayed by the 
Regents last pring pending 
disposition of the siables. Thus, 
the two decisions have been 
linked. 

The slabies area is part oi the 
.132.5 acres between the main 
ca mpus and Scripps Inslitution 
of O ceanography purchased by 
the university for $368,000 in 
1967. 

"The university dearly had 
flO academic purpose in mind 
whpnlhe land-was bought (from 
Willi ,lIl! p, ." I ~did ~·o llum. 

She ;,1" IIIIIIU,· I ; .. ('Iy alter 
the plirch. lsl' Ihe uili versity was 
"attacked" by John Siull , a state 
senalor al the time. " He (Slull) 
said the university had no 
reason to have the land, and 
that we should sell it to get il 
ba<.:k on the tax rolls, " she said. 

The total ·acreage included 
35 one·acre 10ls,Ihe stables,lhe 

I 

... epace 

La Jolla Farms Stables-Possibly to be Develop.ed Soon 

knoll a nd Ihe Chancellor's 
residence . While Ihe smaller lois 
have sin<.:e been sold by the 
univ ersi ty, the Board of 
Overseers recommended tha t 
Ihe knoll be preserved and the 
stables dev e loped into a 
comme rcial and residential 
center, said Collum. 

But, because of the local 
opposition, Chancellor McElroy 
reques ted last August thai Ihe 
campus planners "e xamine all 
reasonable ways 10 use Ihe 
stable property to benefit Ihe 
campus ." The committee must 
submit its final recommendation 
regarding proposed develop· 
ment of the slables properly by 
December 1. 

• C-Gime zn 

Local horse owners such as 
Kurt T oneys, have expressed 
disappointment in the 
university's decision to do away 
wilh the stables . In fact, Ihe PI. 
Loma College marketing major 
recenlly began a "Don'l LA U" 
campaign to save the La Jolla 
landmark. 

" II would be a shame to see 
Ihe horses Iraded for a Speedy 
Mart, " commenled Toneys. 
"La Jolla Farms slables is a 
beautifullandmark-il's Ihe last 
01 its kind in the area," he said. 

However, local property 
owners are <.:on<.:erned with the 
sanilary condi tions surrounding 
the stables . It' s not very sanitary 
10 have piles of manure near 

people 's ha<.:kyards," said 
Donald Cole, president of the 
La Jolla Farms Property 
Owners Associalion . 

Accordin!-C 10 Cole, local 
homeowners are oppolied to 
UCSD's suggestion thai the 
land be leased to develop 
studenl housing and a small 
shopping center. 

"We (homeowners) don't 
want our hackyards screwed 
wilh a commercial center and 
low cost housing, " Cole said. 

The homeowners wanlto see 
a "low density" (one house per 
half acre) residential area 
developed on ' the stables 
properly, said Cole. 

is fjivin.fj ete9C@@ ~@§ 
con()itionet:s with evet:!! 

hail 
cut 

54-9549 
1124 ®itveuUJo 

e£a @PoLLa 

NucleoProtein Hair Care Products 



6 

LiMaodri's Job 
Ccmtinued fram pafe 1 

He wiI not make the same 
miItake he made at UCSD, he 
.. ,., and wait for peop~e to 
come to his orpnization. "You 
..... to 10 out and pt people 
where they &ve," he .. ya. 

IfOUP .of about forty .tudents 
learned how to keep ogether 
"one of the IIIMt innovative 
.tudent governments, anytime, 

an~~: days of the Co-op 

The Daily Guardian 

Do.eso't 
Montgomery Reed, who i..i 
Mandri accuaed of "Gorilla like 
tactic .... 

Li Mandri, normally 
peraonable ~ soft apoken, 
Ieterved hi •• trongest word. for 
Reed, who is often associated 
with Li Mandri in lists of Co-op 
leaderahip. 

". hate beilll( aasoc:iated with 

Monday, Sept. 24, 1979 

Imply Sellout 
him," Li Mandri .aid, 
condemning Reed'. "undem· 
ocratic politic. of intimidation." 

It i. important to note that the 
Coop was alway. intended a. 
an experiment, u Mandri say •. 

"We failed because we could 
not develop re.po~ble new 
leadership,' Li Mandri say., a 
le.son he feel. other .tudent 

government. can profit by. 
Because of his probationary 

.tatus as a Student Center 
employee, u Mandri is vague 
when he talk. about the current 
AS. He say. that he know • 
many hardworking and decent 
individual. in thegovemment, 
but many AS official. .uffer 
from a "di.tortion of priorities." 

Li Mandri, who is a native 
s.n Diepn, and whole parents 
operate what he deacribes as a 
"1maI" inIuranc:e office in the 
...-..n part of the city, says he 
picbd up his .... of social 
~ from one ~ hia sicilian 

were not marred by the 
ideoIo8ical exb'emiml that ha, 
become associa~ with the 
experimental government, Li 
Mandri say •• 

'The Co-op, he admits, was 
alway. left·leaning, but was 
composed mainly of people who 
were just' trying to "get thing. 
done,' he say.. 

North City West Faces Vote 
..Jrc~ radical, you 

"'ve seen tbia guy. He 
... ..., something,"" Li 
Mandri .. ,.. 
..... p't 1nDoft ...... 

Whatewr akiI he has for 
.. pollical rnovernenll ~ .. ys he picked up on 

what UIIId to be a very 
politically active UCSD 

~ he tint came to UCSD 
.. the Fal of 1972, Li Mandri 
.. ,. there were few student 
8diviIies due to the recent 
...... 01 the lint AS-type 
.... ' ........ which had been 
.... out 01 aiatence ... it 
.. aeported the preIidena had 
been UIinc IIudent funds to hire 
.. plfaiend. 

Li Mandri became involved 
in the .. rie. of atudent 
.... ,.... IIiucbftI which 

~became the Co-op. The dowed an who meetinp to 1:: 
wIiaI member of the student 
.... ,., .... 

In it. fint few quarters, the 
Co-cIp ... a heady elql eNnce, 
1J MInIri ,emembeR, .. a core 

u Mandri !Pted a. one of the 
victorie. of the early Co-op a. 
the reduction of the planned 
University Towne Center from 
3.3 nULm to 1.1 miIion IqU8I'e 
feet alter the Co-op organized 
and led a coalition of many of 
the local town cOWlCils in 
onnoAition to the development. 

-rf~·~ partial victory," Li 
Mandri say., "but it showed our 

_zing ability." ortn: disintegration of the Co-
op came while many of ita 
leaders were tied up in 

~~~ 
President David Saxon and 
.tudents protestin, CIA 
involvement on campus, where 
Saxon was spat upon by 

~ and had to be 
'reac:ued" from them, according 
to UC police tepOrtI. 

Whiie the Co-op leaden were 
attending the hearing., the 
,overnment was taken over be 
a group of ultra-leftists, Li 
Mandri say •. 

The ultra.leftiats were led, 
accordinl 10 Li Mandri, by 

Continued (rom page 1 
original efforts to prevent 
development, Shepard says . 

A(;co rding to Shepard, 
"there's no way" the (;ouncil will 
hold off approval of North City 
Weill. A lawsuit could for(;e the 
coun(;il to address impact 
issues whl(;h have not been 
adequately discussed, he says. 

Of primary concern to the 
coalition are North City West's 
effl::Cts on San Diego's sewage 
system, water availability and 
loss of inv\!lltment money for 
downtown development , 
Shepard says, 

By placing tPc first phase of 
the development up for counci l 
approval. the council has 
"diffused some fo the criticism" 
over these issues, according to 
Shepard, 

Groups opposed to North 
City West are supported by at 
least one member of the San 
Diego council. ' Bill Mitchell, 
councilman for UCSD's district. 
announced his opposition to the 
development two weeks ago . 

While Mitchell "is ready for 
present development" of the 
North City West re~ion. h .e 

DD 
_"'.-V"'CIB,UBY ULE 

believes prese t plans pcrnllt 
" too mu(;h density and 
environmental impad. " 

a(;(;ordin~ to a spokesman for 
Mitchell . 

Not all bdieve the San Diego 
muncil will ta ke action on North 
City West this Thursday. 

A(;(;oY(lin~ to Shepard , a final 
vott' on tltt! development may 
be. postpo~d "mllater settled 

at an undelt!rmined date if iI 
lar~e turnout appcms for tht' 

hearin~s set prior tn the 
Thursday vote. . 

The hearings. shreduled to 
hegin at ~::3() am. will he held in 
th .. rount'ilrhamhers IO(;clte<1 in 
th e City Administration 

Huildin~ downtown at 202 C 
Street. 

PIRG Funding Attacked 
Camden, N.J. - The New 

Jeney Public Interest Research 
Group, founded , tike CaJPIRG, 
by Ralph Nader, is coming 
under fire from a group that 
wants to cut its fund·raising ties 
with Rutgers Univt'l'sity. 

The Mid·Atlantic Legal 
Foundation has filrd a U.S. 
District Court suit asking that a 
Rutgers gee supporting 
NJPIRG be discontinued 
because, the foundation claims, 
it puts the state in the position of 
acting "as a fund raising agent 
for a private lobbying 
organization ... 

Three students are fronting 

for the foundation as plaintiffs, 
and a class action suit against 
university offi(;ials has also been 
filed. 

Myrna Field , president of the 
foundation, said Rutgers was 
sele<:ted for the (;Ourt challenge 
because of its practice ' of 
requiring students to pay the fee 
ea(;h semester "whether or not 
they want to support the 
adivities of the New Jersey 
PIRG." 

Rutgers students pay the fee 
as part of their registra tion fees, 
but GII1 ask for and re(;eive a 
refund on the $2.50 fee after the 
first four wet!ks of class, 

FREE 
TICKETS"! 

COLORING 
CONTEST!!! BOLLO SUt-1I ".95 .IIID UP 
~SJD>~RZB 

Deadline: Friday. Oct. 5 
For more info: 452-4090 

I (ATAVISM lIVES_) --
u: ~ ~ ~P, fl:ow;~ C7£f(&V, ~I, 

~ AQ:), ~ UUJI'? ~ '£.KATJa'S 

------------------~,.o~~AL!! 
--.an WC-YAL coaro. -

1.. ~~ ~ .I.Z~ ~I'nf 1ft..., axJfUJ . 
EX~I~ ~ U> . q:L:JrJ /~-~ dJL..l( . 

Pick up a Fall Events Balloon Poster at EDNA & 
other locations all over campus. 

COLOR IT - Any way you want -
1st PRIZE: 2 tickets to UEO-sponsored events this 

1st PRIZE: 2 ticket~ to UEO 
sponsored events this fall 

Turn posters in with your Name & Phone No. 
To The Daily Guardian (Sludent Center) 

Welcomes Students 

"Have a prosperous academic year!" 

Casually 
Sophisticated 

"World's Most Unique Pizza" 
Lunch • Dinner 

Takeout; too! 

Directions: 1-5 or Coast Highway to Carmel 
Valley Road then west 112 mile. 

OPEN 
lATE 
• Steaks · 
• Spaghetti 
• Pizza 
-. Bountiful 

Sandwiches 
• Beer 

Wine 

2212 Carmel Valley Road. Del Mar • .755-6778 



The Daily Guardian Monday, Sept. 24, 1979 

Youth Opposition Kills Registration 
By Dail St. Claire Bacon 

Staff Writer 
Because the draft Ulsue is 

"politically unpopular with younl{ 
~eople, " the House ,,( 
Kepresentatives voted down the 
lelective service registration of all 
18 year old males for pouible 
military service, Congrelliwoman 
Ma-..!iorie Holt aaya. 

The Houae action buries the 
iuue until at leaat after the 1980 
election. 

After the House decision, the 
Senate decided to .suspend the 
proposition from their calendar 
unt~ 1981 . 

Under the measure, students 
would not have been exempt Irom 
registering and it is possible that 
women would have beern required 
to registration and how the armed 
forces MeuId meet their manpower 
need.. ' 

1ne House 'recommended that 
President Carter study and report 
to Congress on whether 
regi.tration should be resumed, 
whether women should be subject 
to registration and how the armed 
forces should meet their manpower 
needs. 

"The President really hal the 
. authority to do it (implement 

registration) right now", said Holt 
in a Washington interview, 
commenting that "the administra-

tion fCt'I_ it would l>e politicCilly 01 deception " in promotinl{ the 
unpopular, so tht'y' re not doil)g it. " sucU'ss 01 the all .voluntt.'e r Army . 

UCSD AssociCited Students "'Ihey have classified every 
launched a lobhying cCimpHilln 10 sin!(le reporl Ih.ll dearly sholVs 
defeal the Selective Service today's Army is in serious trouhle 
Registration bill. "We ca~ to the from a manpower and readiness 
conclusion that it would not be in standpoint," he said, .ldding that 
the best interest of the country to many t louse members are still 
support thi, bill," .Hid Nancy Laga , unaw<tre of the dClssified materials. 
Associated Students Vice· Bemd predicted that a lack of 
President. awareness by most conllressional 

Seei"ll the selective Service members 01 the Army's true 
Regilltration as the next step to the manpower situation would result in 
reinstitution of the dfaft, Laga said, "almost certain ddeat" of th4! draft 
"W4! did not advocate the proposal unlt..ss it could be better 
implementation 01 the Selective reviewed and more extensively 
servicel from a budgetary or debated . 
philosophical point 01 view." When questioned ahout the 

Congresswoman Holt ernpha- reported dassified mClt4!r ials, 
sized that registration has nothing Penta!{on spoki:sman John Bekren 
to do with the draft, explclining all it would not "omment, instead 
means is "telling people where you ma in t a i n i n g the 0 e fe n s e 
are. It's designed to set up the Department 's position that the all. 
machinery so that if we ever had to volunteer Army is working. 
mobilize", she continued , "we'd The Defense 'Departm 4!n t 
have the cCipability 01 doing it. " r ecen tly issued ' it report 

Holt, a member of the ilcknowledging- lag in recruiting in 
House Armed Services Committee June. their peak month becuase 01 
who proposed the Selective Service high school graduations. In 
Rellistration, said the committee contrast with last year's 11,000 
constantly he heard "horror recruits, only 5 ,300 people were 
st ories" on the coun tr y' s recruited this year. 
weakening military system. At pr4!sent there are over 100 

Fellow committee member _ volunteers in the Sel4!ctive 
Congrenman Robin Beard Servic4!s. and we now have the 
charged that the Administration smallest standing Army th4! 
and Defense Department have country has had since 1950. 
conducted a "masterful campaign according to Holt. 

This coupon g09d for any 
DAY PACK, BOOK PACK, DUFFLE BAG-

-------------cut along dotted line-------------II 

755-7662 (nexfto Belly Up 

459-2400 
By Appl. 

Monday, Sept. 24 , 1979 The Daily Guardian 9 

Coach Asked to TurnAround V -Ball 
By Ray Seva 

Can one man lead a team to a 
winning season, despite taking 
the . helm less than a month 
before the season opener? 

The women on the volleyball 
team hope the answer is "yes." 
The man they are relying on is 
their new coach, Doug 
Dannevik. . 

Dannevik received the 
position this month, left vacant 
after the resignation of last 
year's coac~ Grace Greenberg. 
He took over the same post on 
the men's team last season, 

Mloting them to a third·place 
leallue finish in his rookie yel;lr. An energetic and enthusiastic 
coach, he could be the person to 
turn the team around after last 
year's 7 · 13 season record. 

Tomorrow night in the main 
gym, the team gets its first shot 
at a winning season when they 
face Cal Lutheran college at 6 
pm. Dannevik has not yet 
completed the starting lineup for 
the game, but five of the six 
starting positions are set. 

Sherre Lilley, Cheryl Wright, 
and Elaine Birdman ' return 

from the 1978 seallon to 
starting jobs. Two new 
freshmen, Arlene Jenners and 
Lori Melvin will also begin the 
game for the Tritons. 

D,mnevik thinks the team i. 
mentally and physically able to 
compete with the top teams 
around. "Personally, I think 
we're a good team. Very good 
in lact," he said, 

"These girls have mad~ the 
decision to play athletics here at 
UCSD, which is hard to do, 
considerinll the academic. 

Please tum to pace 14 

Win Supports Soccer Hopes 
By Tun Liotta 

The UCSD IOCcer team 
captured ita fint · league win 
Saturday by edging LA Bapti.t 
College 2-1, evening the club'. 
leasue record at 1·1. 

The Tritona took control of 
the play early in the first half 
using ahort, crisp pauea to set 
lIP their 1C0ring opportunities. 
Their constant barrage paid oft 
17 minute. into the first half 
when Bill Bullock sent Jon Gold 
deep into LABC territory With a 
perfect lead pall. Gold faked 
one defender and rifled in the 
Triton's first goal. 

The T ritona ret4ined their 1·0 
lead al baH lime. 

They had beaten LABC to 
the baD on aLnOit every 
occasion in the first period, and 

Interested .in being ~e 
"next Bob Woodward or 
Seymor Hers~? 

lIt/Gen 127 
11lIOII RC1ION: 

outshot them 8-2_ 
The second haU started out 

just as well as the first had ended 
with most of the play goi"i deep 
in LABC's end. Fan'ani. Jon 
Gold and Tobin Soanick forced 
the LABC- goalie to come up 
with one save after another, 'The 
Triton'. second goal came eight 
minute. into the second half 
when midfielder Greg Manton 
knocked in a direcl free kick, 

"Th~y didn't set up the wall 
too well," said Muraton, "10 I 
just chipped the baD riPl over 
them." 

LA Baptist carne up with 
their only goal with 18 minutes 
left in the game, but a Itrong 
Triton defense held oft a late 
LABC .urge. Midfieldera Greg 
Manton and Rafael BouHara 

lII/Gen 157 
YIDDIIM UlIMn.I 
.. TlA*lATION 
M-W-/, 2:00-2:50 USB 3070 
Course Code 9089 
Inslructor: Jonalhon Saville 

A Siudy of some Important WfltlngS -
Slof/es poorTla ~ays hom tho Vld(bSh 

THE __ MYS'I'IB 

language Jcw.Sh r,aditlon HISIO'!CII, 
cul'ur al InlcUcctuai BOd reitg10us ISSues 
Will be ()$cuueci . and the hlCfety lei" 
wtlt be analyzed Some IOOCI mystICism 
ChaSlfdlsm shletl life ZIOnism 

rUrTh 9:30-10:50 P&.L 1110 
COUrse Code 6788 
Instruclor. SaUl SIeler 

SOCIahim M leadings wlil be If! Engllih 
Ir~ 1 

came up with key play. to stifle 
the Ba~list attack. 

UCSD played a confident, 
patient game throuahout mo.I 
01 the conies, thougI1 they were 
plagued by a few mentallalMU 
In die second baH and appeared 
content to ait on their lead, 

The win left coach Stewart 
~~es - confident 01 his team's 
ability. 

"This team look. stronger 
than an: team I've eeen here at 
UCSD, , said Hayes, 

Hayes- baa developed a 
auffocalig defenae using a lineup 
01 ~ fnanls, with four 
rnidfia and four defenden. 
Extra prellUle to score wiD be 
put on forwards Jon Gold, 
Tobin So.nick and Ray Gomez_ 

PIe,ae tum 10 page 14 

lII/Sp 135 
..xJC,toN UlIM'NB 
M-W-f HXH50 use 3060 
Course Code 9106 
InSlruclor: A'lu1O Ramirez 
Study 01 rnovemtnIS IfedlltOnl, key 
iwhOrl Of milO!' !fend, Ifl MeNCan 
kler.lurD such .. the romanltC 
movefllent. moOeftllll poelfY. the novel of 
the MOktcan Revo/Olfon populAr 
11181'111)1'"8 post Revolu'~fY poetry 
IUlnotS sucn U'Pll RullO Fuentes 

lit/Gao 152 
Un.AlUBMD !DIAl: 
ICIMCI PICTION 
M-W-f 12:00-1 :20 HL 1148 
Course Code 9362 
Inslruclor: David Clayton 

ThIS course Will ortet • tN'lI!It survey 01 
SCI~ 1!C1l()1"1llter81ure rrom IhO meddle 
al tha ntneceefllh cenlOlY Q:)wn to lecent 
l.mel Ftlft"S on IOencO 'lcltOn w~1 be 
ihO""'. In cOfl/UndtOn With the COUfse 
Thc50 a,o not inlendod merOiy IS • 
supplcmenl 10 lhe clase but '81hot' '0 
sho'N how ftlm-makofs have 811emptod 10 
IranslalO lhe concepts 01 sc~e heltOn 
.mo tcrme pecultI, 10 thef, medtum F~ms 
10 be shOwn ere Dr Je/!. yll and M, HydtJ 
While Zombie A/DIlaw/lf1 THX "38 'fie 

You probably ' won't do that if you write for the 
Daily Guardian, but Ernest Hemmingway DID work 
for his colleQe journal. 

ducstlOnl 'lWhtch Will be addressed 
M"ICfudc tho totloMng retahonshtp 
between VICtim and elmlfllll batwoen 
CfrTllnal .nd cop The OOlOCI'YC ptymahc 
and cymcal ~UlO SUpe!'1()1 lOgICian. 
marginal he,o 01 OV$'WOftl.e(t Clyll 
8(!fvant7 Tne criminal IOCI,' acllYlSl: or 
oYl! OOlng' InfluenCe 01 Froud (Iho 
dClocltvo oI lho unconSCIOUS) and thO 
mOdt..'fn IClCnhSl upon the genre Do we 
dCnlrly w'lh tho el' Of IhO lnouso? Wh~? 
Do the.,. Pl.1Y by !he sam(! luies' How 
tIot.'ftOtlS 1$ thiS now &CflOU$ genre" 
What s 50 spec ... abOut USl>Cf\sc? 
Clue:"'" MOllvOS'" 

.~~~~-:.rhlflg and O,phmJs 

The Daily Guardian will be holding writer's 
meetings tomorrow at 1 p.m., and next week from 11 
a.m. to noon Monday1hrough Wednesday and 2 p.m. 
to 3 p.m Thursday and Friday. 

Stop by .any time between those hours, and we'll ' 
talk to you about working f~r the paper, and th~ 
social, monetary and techntcal skills you can pick up 
by doing so. 

Our office is in the Student Center, right next to 
EDNA. Sportswriters, photographers, arts writers and 
news writers are all needed. 

---

LiI/Sp 154 
CHICANO ntlAlB 
M W-F 12:00-12'50 usa 4050A 
Course Code 9107 
InshuctOl' Muro Ramirez 

Tn., ('00''''' PI(Mdns SflJd(>nlS wtln a 
rtw';}n"1OlllI 11ChnrlIOn or Chcano theatre 
Ihfllugn thO (IrSCIASIOO .net Mltl.l(ptctatJon 
ot lIta"" dtamall(;. WOf~S both paS! and 
prnS4,.>cl( 

lIt/Eng 143 
THE ....... NOVII: 
IIGH1IINIM CIN1Uft 
M-W-/, 10.00-10,50 HI. 1148 
Course Code 6673 
tnslructor' David Cloylon 
A ,lu.'Y ,I Of" oIlflc t" I 1113" nuvct 
., f ·MoI' ,h., 1t"'''Q1UC'nwt:JI HI"'. 
I., ... " ) ilJn.;tI"rr1 Wfd and 1, '.1'" 
"""'" 

Lil/Gen 4A 
I'IC'IION AI#IJ AIM IN 
1WINIIIlI+CIN1U 
IOCIOIIS: FMNCI 
T u-Th 1:00-2: 50 
HL 1438 
Course Code 6774 
Instructor. 
rnchord T erdimon 
A Sludy DI modo' n cultwe 
and 01 Ihc way d IS 
mprcssoo ano undefSlOOO 
.n IlOIIOI!tor and tunt 
The ~.e UItn5 II an 
undofatandtt"lg ~ '0411I0I'l 
It'oIpS IlCtwoen the ner,.l!ve 
'H ili iIIld SOClotv In lhe 
IMWI(.1h cenlury F~ms 10 
be 'Iho'M"l .nctuoo Or_yet 
P.I ~ 'j' JOttlf 01 A,e 

p~ A.i tltlUS VIQO 
L Alil/,"H, RontOf Ol..nct 
IllullClf1 II~ PtlllI 'hefltle 
Ot: Jt:.tn Ret'JU'1 and 'he 
I fllrl , ooa/. ~ Jean 
Ii.,.". raft /"illf'''''' 
GOGiln W (>ntf 



10' The Daily Guardi_·-=.:.n~ __ -=----___ -----,-~M=onda~y. =Sep!:.::...t • .::....:.24.:-..:.. 1~979 

Saturday. unolymp'c egg toss 

... -- ..... ---

-- AT LA JOLLA'S ONLY 
INDOOR-OUTDOOR. . 

BOOKSTORE/COFFEEHOUSEI -. 

D.· .WILL 
7527 LA JOLLA BLVD. 

456-1800 
BUY. SELL, AND TRADE-NEW AND USED BOOKS 

HALF PRICE PAPERBACKSI 

OPEN 10AM TO 10PM EVERVDA V! 

• c. r 

CIIILI 
lONIC.III' .. 

Tecate Trio Bravo can put out the fire. An icy 
red can of Tecate Beer imported from Mexico. 

topped with lemon and salt. Now you're c.90kin·! _ ~-

-~---fEtATE :~~;~~. I~~2~f4: 

UCSDhas & 
DENTAL GBDUP 

&tthe 
Stu~nt HeaJth Center 

with. 

• EXAMINATIONS 
• DENTAL WORK 
• HYGIENISTS 

are available for 
cleaning teeth 

We can do spouses. too! 

Student Rates 

MONDAY Ihru FRIDAY 
8:00 am 10 4:00 pm 
phone: 452:2080 

How long has it been since you've 
seen a dentist? 

The Daily Guardian 1 I 

, 

DWICHES 
DESSERTS. SAl AI,S 



12 The 

Services/ 
Monday Workshops 

OASIS Reading Program. Test 
your reading .kill.. Speed and 
comprehenaion tests. You can be 
tested the fint of the quarter, no 
appointment nece.sary. Call of come 
by for more information - 4010 USB, 
452·2284. 

OASIS Writing Center offers .mall 
group c1alle. and indiv,dual 
conference •. Call or come by for more 
information or an appoinbnent - USB 
4070, 452·2284. 

Tuesday 
OASIS Reading Program. Test 

your reading skill.. Speed and 
comprehe~sion te.ts. You can be 
te.ted lhe first of the quarter, no 
appoinbnent neceuary. Call or come 
by for more information - 4010 USB, 
452..2284. 

OASIS Writing Center offers small 
group c1alles and individual 
conferences. Call or come by for more 
information or an appointment - USB 
4070, 452·2284. 
Wednesday 

OASIS Reading Program. Teat 
your reading .kill.. Speed and 
comprehenlion tests. You can be 
tested the fint of the quarter, no 
,ppoinbnent nece .... y. Call or come 
by §or mor~ information - 4010 USB, 
452·2284. 

OASIS Writing Center, offen .mall 
group c1as~e. and individual 
conference •. Call or come by for more 
information or an appointment - USB 
4070, 452·2284. 

Thursday 
OASIS Reading Program. Teat 

your reading .kills. Speed and 
comprehenaion telts. You can be 
tested the first of the quarter, no 
appointment necellary. Call or come 
by for more information - 4010 USB, 
452·2284. 
. . OASIS Writing Center offers small 
group e1anes and individual 
conferences. Call or come by for more 
information or an appointment - USB 
4070, 452·2284. 

Friday 
OASIS Reading Program. Test 

your reading skills. Speed and 
comprehension tests. You can be 
tested the first of the quarter, no 
appoinlinent necellary. Call or come 

.I by for more information - 4010 USB, 
452·2284. 

OASIS Writing Center offers small 
group clanes and individual 
conferences. Call or come by for more 
information or an appoinbnent - USB 
4070, 452·2284. 

Meetings 

, -

Guardian 

Tuesday . " 
2 :30 pm - Meeting for perspective 

Bio 190 students. 2150 Bonner Hall, 
free. 

6:30 pm - "Shalom Chaverim -
Hello Friends." Come meet new people 
and lind out about the many programs 
offered by the Union of Jewish 
Students. Munch on Free pizza. For 

4·6 pm - First organizational 
meeting for UCSD's Asian American 
Student Alliance, slide show. North 
Conference Room, Student Center, 
free . 

. info call UJS at 452·3616 or EDNA at 
452·EDNA. Revdle Formal and 
Informal Lounges. 

Wednesday 

3:30·5 pm - Medical School 
Reapplicant Meeting - Given by the • 
Health Science. Advisory Program. 
Topics: 1. How to reapply. 2. Who 
should reapply . 3. Foreign Medical 
Schools. Student Affairs Conf. Rm. 

Thursday 
The Jazz Club is holding a meeting 

to plan concerts and other events for 
tbe year, and to conclude elections . 
The Gameroom Conference Room i. 
on the second floor of the Student 
Center. Jon Bekken, x2016. 

Friday 
7 ·8:3Q pm - Alpha Gamma Delta 

women's fraternity will hold an 
informatio'nal open house in the N. 
Conference Room in the Student 
Center from ~8:30 pm. Come meet 
the "New Girls in Town" and see what 
it's " II about. Free. 

Wednesday 
7 pm - Free showing of 

"Coconuts" spon.ored by the Groucho 
Marxist Caucus. TLH 107, free. 
thurs 

Friday 
8pm-

- A concert 
performer 
processing sys 
Ca,:"pus, free. Noon, work.hop, 8 pm, concert 

- Leigh Stevens, renowned marimba 
virtuoso presents work.hop 12·2 pm ' 
room 8210 Mandeville Center. 
Concert of mus~ by Back, Miki, 
T schaikowsky, Penn and Maslanka, 8 
pm, Recital Hall. Admillion $3 to 
workshop and $10 to concert. Ticket. 
available at door. 

Saturday 
8 pm -

Civic/Univers ' 
Chorus, 
Chase di'irectors 
Beethoven; 
Sitwell; Phili 

, 

Tuesday 
Noon "Portraits of Faith" 

features Campus Pastor Lea Atkinson 
speaking on 'I Reinhold Niebuhr." 
Revdle Formal Lounge. 

7:30 pm - Intervarsity Christian 
Fdlowship. North Conference Room . 

7:30 pm - Introduction to the 
Chriltian F aith,led by Campul Pastors 
John Huber (Lutheran) and Bernie 
Campbell (Catholic). University 
Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dr. acrou the street from 
Revelle College. 

Thursday 
6:30 pm - Faith, Science and the 

Future, a student/faculty discus.ion, 
beginning with Vice Chancellor Paul 
Sallman and physics graduate student 

Jolla 
and 

David 
music by 
Walton. 

, Carol 

Plantamura, reciters. Mandeville Aud. 
General Admission $4.00, Students 
$2.00 . 

Sunday 
3 pm The La Jolla 

Civic/University Symphony and 
Chorus, Thomas Nee and David 
Chase directors. Concert of music by 
Beethoven; Monteverdi; Walton· 
Sitwellj Philip Larson , ' Carol 
Plantamura, reciters. Mandeville Aud. 
General Admission $4.00, Students 
$2.00. 

Smith. Begins with dessert at 
then presentations and group 
until 7:45 pm on the tbeme, 

bt and Values in Science." 
Luthern Church, 9595 La 

Dr. across the street from 
College. 

Lutheran Communion 
followed by Welcomin'g 

for all studenll at 11 am. 
Pa.tor John Huber will 

On "Galatians." University 
n Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Dr.. acron the street from 
College. 

Pm - Episcopal Eucharist 
University Lutheran 

La Jolla Shores Drive. 

.. 

." . 

Tuesday 

Sports 
. . 

Tuesday 
6 pm - Women'. Intercollegiate 

VoUeyball team vs. Cal Lutheran 
College. Main Gym, free. 

7 pm - AU men and women 
interested in competing on UCSD's 
Intercollegiate Crollll Country or Track' 
teams should attend this first team 
meeting. Rec Gym C""ference Room 
# 1. free. 
Wednesday . 

3::JU pm - Men's Soccer team vs. 
San Diego Stale. Muir Field, free. 

5 pm - All men & women 
interested in competing on UCSD's 
Intercollegiate coed cyding team 
should attend this first team meeting. 
Bike Shop, free. 

6 pm - All men interested in 
playing varsity or club soccer should 
attend this first team meeting. Rec 
Gym Conference Room # 1, free. 

7 pm - AU men and women 
interested in surfing on UCSD'. 
intercollegiate team should attend this 
first team meeting. Rec Gym 
Conference Room # 1, free. 

7 :30 pm - All men & women 
interelted in rowing on the crew teams 
should attend this first team meeting. 
Movies will be shown and question. 
waJ be answered. HL 1438, free. 

8 pm - AU men interested in 
playing on the jv or varsity 
intercolleg.iate basketball team. 
should attend this first team meeting. 
Rec Gym COnference Room # 1, free. 

Thursday 
5 pm - All women interested in 
p1ayi~ intercollegiate softball should 
attend this first team meeting. Rec 
Gym Conference Room # 3, free. 

6 pm - All women interested in 
playing on the women's intercollegiate 
basketball team should attend this first 
team meeting. Rec Gym Conference 
Room # 1 t free. 

7 pm - Men's Intercollegiate 
Water Polo Team ys. Grossmont 
College, UCSD Natatorium, free . 

7:30 pm - All men or women 
interested in rowing on the 
intercollegiate crew teams should 
attend this meeting. Movies will be 
shown and questions will be answered. 
HL 1438, free. 

Saturday 
7 am '- Third Annual UCSD 

Surfing Contest. Black's Beach, free to 
spectators. 

Miscellaneous 
8 am - UCSD Undergraduates 

may enroll in University Extension 
courses which are approved for UCSD 
credit (X I·X 198) on a complimentary 
ba.is. Limited number of spaces 
available. Sign. ups begin at 8:00 am at 
the Extension Registration Office 
(North of the Muir parking lot). No 
registration by proxy allowed. 

5 pm - UCSD School of Medicine, 
Neurosciences Department Seminar. 
Topic: "Progress in the Biochemical 
Understanding of Ballen's Disease." 
Speaker: Leonhard S. Wolfe, M.D. , 
Ph.D. Prof. of Neurology, 
Neurosurgery, and Biochemistry, 
MeGa! Univ. and Head of the Donner 
Laboratory of Experimental 
Neurochemistry. Room 2100 BSB. 

Office (North of Muir parking lot). No 
registration by proxy allowed, 

Lectures 
Tuesday 

1'2.1 pm - Contraceptive 
Education Session: Informal 
discussionj all must attend to receive 
birth control services and men are 
encouraged to attend as wdl. No appt. 
necessary, located in the conference 
room. at the UCSD Student Health 
Center. 

Wednesday 
Wednesday 12·1 pm ~ Contraceptive Education Session: Informal 

discUl.ion; all must attend to receive 
birth control services and men are 
encouraged to attend a. wdl. No appt. 
necessary, located in the conference 
room at the UCSD Student Health 
Center. 

8 am - UCSD Undergraduates 
may enroll in courses which have not 
been approved for UCSD credit, on a 
complimentary basil. Limited number 
of spaces available. Sign.u~ begin at 8 
am at the Exten.ion Regi.tration 

13 

• 

'" ." 

\ 



14 The Daily Cuarwall .Monday, Sept. 24. 1979 

Baptists' ,Feet Washed 
ConIinUlSd fram pap 9 
but Iut Wednaday'.';1IIIIi 
indicated ..... del.. was 

.eC:ond half, felipe aeemed to perfOrmancell against Weat· 

.111 and the Tritonl began to mont and LA Bapti.t, and i. 
lOok a little ragged. now getting ready for a game 

Bike-A-Thon 
Would Pay 
Bike Lane 

for 
...... -

1M ...... ........., 
WOIb wei. The TritoM were 
able to hold MIioMIIy ranked 
WetImont CoIeae to juIt two 
pi. while .... .,. riton oIfenae 
............ many attacks, SliD, 

~ to ICCft and Ioet 2-0. 
the lcey to a potent 

olfenae wiI be the men diS' the 
moat " midfieIden Manton' BuIock, RaIeig Bouffard. Sam Tam and 
GIem Calla. . 

"Our midfielden wiI dictate 
the direction, ~e and atyIe 01 
our play." Mid Hayea. 

ApinIt L.ABC the mid· 
fieIden pntved Ha,.. correct. 
wt.n the)' hutded from end to 
end. the ........ pia)' WAlIIroIW 
end wei NIancecI. In the 

As the IUIOn move. along, againll San Diego 51. at 3 p~m. 
the midfielclen should adjuat to this Wednesday on the Muir 
each other'. Ityle of play and Field. 

~y .of the entire team . 

The Wt of the Triton'. V B II ~Y performance ~~ I been .. - a their defense. Led Jy new 
aoaItencier. Pat RobinIon and 
Otadie FleUl'f:t, the defense hal Continued from page 9 
been extremely tough to 
penetrate. 

The defense i.geared around 
the play of sweeper Steve lug 
and defender Peter Matz. These 
two are re.pOMibIe for the 
center of the field while Mark 
T '. Maiood Badri, Mike ~y and Adam King will 
be marking the oppoailiona' 
winI. 
The team it opIimiatic after their 

Bank of 

workload ht!rt~. Yet tht!y ' vt! 
done everythin !-( I'vt' a",ked 
them to do in pract in' , 1~L1 S 
more ," bait! Da nnevik . 

Th e wOlli e n fat:t' an 
additional l: hall e n !-(t! this 
season, a s they nlovt! to a n 
a ffili a tion with the NC AA 
OivisiOll III. Th e te anl 
t:Cllllpt!le<1 as an independent in 
HHH. 

AI. Bank of America, we 
study student banking needs. 
And we've designed our 
Money Convenience Systeml1ll 
to help meet them. 

WIaat .... ......., 
Ca_.R' .... St •••• ? 

While ridint her bicycle on 
V .. Ia Valle in Solana Beach 
May 10, Rita Dave waa .truck 
from behind by a truck and 
1ciIIed. 

'Thia weekend a bike .. ·thon 
will be held in her memory to 
raise fund. for bike fane on that. 
road . to prevent further 
accidents there. 

The bike·a.thon, organized 
by co·worken of Da"e and co· 
.. :.on.ored by the DailIJ 
( ,:larai''" , wiD run through 
mOltly-level sections of Cardiff. ' 
by-the-Sea, Encinita., and Del 
Mar Saturday at 8 a .m. Riders 
can travel the entire 15-mi1e 
courle laid out on Highway 101 
and neighborhood road., or quit 
after 10 miles. 

free at any Bank of 
America branch. 

Its ~to-get·to 
banking. Our Money 
Convenience System 
helps fit banking into 
~ schedule. With 
early and late waIk·up/ 
drive-up windONS 
available at most 
branches~just in ~ 

Its eo&!.' services. For 
example, our free Money Transfer 
Service is great if ~'re getting 
money from home. With it funds 
can be automatically transferred 
on a ~3r basis from one Bank 
of Ameri:.a checking or savings 
account to another. aryNhere 

$1.00 a month for the nine·month 
school year. And no service charge 
at aD for June, Ju~ or August. 

We also offer Instant Cash to 
help ~ estZIbIish credit while you're 
stiD in school. It's available to 
students of sophomore standing or 
higher IAho qualify 

!,-OU have classes during our regular 
hours. And. since Bank of America 
has more branches in California 
than any other bank. we're prOODbly 
nearby. 

in CalIfornia. 
hi eo&!.' SClJings. checking 

and credit. We have a wide variety oi 
plans to fit most needs. Including 
College P1an~ checking. which 9ves 
you unbmited checkwrtting for just 

It's free and easy /lnonciol 
injorrncrtkJn. Our Consumer 
Information Reports cover a variety 
of financial subjects and they're 

So come in and get to kl»Al 
The Finance Major. And ~ 'U get 
to kno.v easier student banking. 

1ft BANKOFAMERICA 

Unlike moat bike ... thona, 
riden will not have to IOlicit 
contribution. from friend. and 
relatives to enter. Inatead, a $2 
entry fee will be collected from 
each participant, with additional 
incentive. to .ign up . 

'The fee automaticaUy enters 
the rider in a donation raffle to 
be held after the ride. 

Over 100 prizes have been 
donated to support the bike·a· 
thon, including an ocean cruise, 
dinners from 30 Local 
re.taurants, album. and gift 
certificates. 

Refreshrr.ent wiD be provided 
after the bike ... thon, and 
medical attention will be 
provided along the route for 
riden. 

'HELP 
WANTED!!! 

The 
University 

Events 
Office 

Pop Events 
Com m IH .. 

I 

Help plan 
major concerts _ 

on campus! 
We need 
your help 

on all a~ts 
.ofconcert 

planning and 
production. 

If 'you're 
interested, 

give us 
a call 

at 452-4090. 

Monday. Sept. 24, 1979 

Bruford Demonstrates 
Fusion Still Powerful · 

By Ted Burke perfectly blended with the 
Arb Editor trou'pea' improvisational 

One 01 a KinJ Bill Bruford capabilities. 
(E.G./Polydor) E.pecially outstanding 

BiD Brulord'. One of a Kind among Bruford.' cohorts it 
is one 01 thoae rare recorda I'd guitari.t Allan Holdawarth, who 
like to play for anyone who as evinced through palt efforts 
claims that the jazz.rock genre with Soft Machine.. Tony 
has spent itself of an~ . 
creative or inspiring. Brulord, a TIle ~ Guardian 
commanding lJriti.h rock 
drummer who'. di.tinguithed 
himaelf in .tints with Ye., 
Gene.i. , U.K . and the 
legendary King Crimson, 
assembled a group of 
superlative musicians for this 

Arts 
session and proceed. through Monday, SepJ 24, 1919 
two side. of ingenioul, no -
nonsense fulion. William., Jean-Luc Ponty, 

Where any half-dozen of the Gong and U.K., i. rapidly 
mo.t popular jazz.rock arti.ts becoming the standard bearer 
gear their lOund to what they of fulion guitar, usurping John 
think the audience expects - MacLaughlin and Larry 
ornate bombasts of Stanley CoryeD. . 
Clarke, ' Chick Corea's tinsel· Unlike the endle •• hordes of 
covered orchestrations, Chuck fretboard technoids who favor 
Mangione'. week ·knee'd . choppy phrasing and abrupt 
Ellingtoni.m., AI DiMeolas' note explolions, Hold.worth 
regimented riff.mongering, the proffer. an uncommonly fluid , 
f1y.weight funk of too many almost saxophone-like style 
others - the Bruford ensemble that's sensitive to ensemble 
never sacrifices its integrity or n u a n c ea and com bin e • 
guts for an easy round of moments of sublime lyricism 
applause. withunds to my ear. to be the 

'The compositions, which fastest electric guitar work ever 
make use of modes and motifs recorded. During hi. be.t 
from every angle (Miles Davis moment., Holdworth'. playing 
polytonali.m, revved up rhythm charts rleW vistas for jazz.rock 
and blues, c1allically inclined guitari.t. to reach and to build 
interlude., heavy.metal chord on. 
augmentations, and more) are The other player. are no 

The Daily Guardian 

slouche., either. Keyboardi.t 
Dave Stewart, at time. 
lOunding like a subtle mixture of 
Van Cliburn and Mc~oy Tyner, 
providing a wide palate of 
color., chords, fill. and hi. 
own well.placed 1010 f1ourishe • . 
Banist Jeff Berlin., like 
Hold.worth, is a riling star on 
his instrument. Hi. playing and 
occaaional ·lOlos are relOurceful 
and bouncy, rlever busy, and hi. 
tone i. clear and articulate, 
having the resonance of the be.t 
acoustic jaz bau player •. 

Bruford himaelf has loosened 
up considerably. His playing 
haa been 'noted and praised for 

15 

2 ..... 2A 
its formidable technique, but to 
me he was u.ually a bit too 
Ichooled, too .tiff to be exciting. 

No more. While maintaining 
his precilion to get all the odd 
beats, Bruford take. more 
chances here, at time. taking 
command of an extencJea 
improvisational .pace and 
guiding the band through 
various rhythmic ideas that 
might have remained 
unexplored had he chosen to be 
more reatrained. Bruford's 
c:leci.ioin to foDow his instincts i. 
Orle of thekey facton that have 
livened up One of a Kind. A 
plus. 

Nic. Gay8 - The Art 
Enaemble of Oaic:qo (ECM) 

The Art En.emble of 
. Oticago hal been one 01 the 
mo.t con.i.tently creative 
trope. in the free.jazz area, and 
Orle of the moat eaoteric and 
seemingly inacceuible a. well. 

Mau audience. - including 
many who call thernaelVei jazz 
fan. - have never quite 
cottened to music thia radical, 
preferring instead the safe 
terrain. of be.bop or anythina 
else having melodies' and 
recognizable chord pro· 
greruiona. 

. Please turn to page 1 7 

WALK'S 
-- PL-ACE 

featuring Pizza 
Beer 
Wine 
Broiled 

HaDlburgers 
Sandwiches ' 

OPEN 
NOW!!! 

I Supday thru Thursday, 11 alll-11 pm. - .... - .. Friday and Saturday, 11 alll-1 am 



16 

Li ttl 
By William Hamilton 

The following reporta make 
up a partial list of little-known 
facts about UCSO which have 
been accumulated· by Daily 
Guardian staff write,. and 
which will appear periodically 
thoughout the courle of the 
year. 

Plans are underway' to begin 
constfUction on the remaining 
three 01 UCSO'. projected 
leven campulel. College 5 is to 
be named David Saxon 
College, predicated on the belief 
that this may hasten the current 
UC president's retirement. 
College 6, or Emmett Kelley 
College, will concentrate on 
preparin g students for 
administrative positions by 
allowing them to cruile through 
their rour years without doin'g a 
lick 01 work. College 7, Gerald 
Ford College, has no 
educational philosophy. 

The second law 01 
thermodynamics may have 
been violated this summer, 
according to astrophysicists at 
UCSD, when a temperature 
increase of three degrees 
Centigrade was measured in the 
known universe. Theologians 
have suggested that the 
phenomenon is only tem~rary, 
and apeculate that the Creator 
may .be having a nocturnal 
emiUlOn. 

Dr. Gerhardt Schrauzer 
announced that Americans are 
not setting enough carcinogens 
in their daily diet, and warns 
that our entire system of 

medical care could collapse as a 
direct result 01 this paucity . 
Schrauzer, was indicted last 
month by a grand jury for 
falsifying medical evidence 
which substantiated vitamin C 
as being of therapeutic value in 
effectively treating a variety 01 
ailments when consumed in 
megadosages, did add, on the 
bright Ilide. that the scarcity of 
selenibm. a trace,mineralshown 
to diminish statistical 
probabilities 01 developing 
tumors when present in the diet, 
may Ilomewhat offset the 
shortage 01 carcinogens, and 
further urges that the FDA 
ilJlprove as food additives 
TRIS . Agent Orange, and di· 
butyl'lCopamine (now under 
consideration). 

The Associated Students 01 
UCSD recently decided to open 
a beer and wine bar on campus 
when it was discovered that St. 
Germaine's is too lar to walk lor 
a six·pack. Conveniently 
located in the student center ,the 
pub is within staggering 
distance 01 campus dormitories. 
The ASUCSO additionally 
plans to operate a flop·house 
up.tairs and a soup kitchen 
during the day replete with 
sermons delivered by Salvation 
Army representatives. To 
insure that student dereliction 
rates are not augmented all a 
result of the facility's presence 
on campus, the University has 

hir~ a nightwatchman, code· 
named "the Slasher", w~ will 

PIe~se tum to pIlge 2 t 

Th~ Daily Guardian Monday, Sept. 24, 1979 

Around Town 
The new season of 

Wednesday Nights At the, 
Mandeville Center opens 
October 10 with the Sequoia 
Quartet. Recipient of the 
prestigious Naumburg 
Chamber Music award in 1976, 
The Sequoia Quartet has 
established .itself as one 01 
today's important chamber 

ensembles. busy with 
transcontinental tours, 
recording sessions and 
performances of works written 
lor it by noted composers. Of 
them. the music critic for the 
Boston Globe has written 
" ... their playing is finely aware 
01 all those rhythmic and 
harmonic nuances that delight 

the mind and pierce the heart." 
'lhe quartet will perform works 
by Bartok, Dvorak and Haydn . 
~lts members are Y 00 Matsuda 
and Miwako Watanable 
(violins); James Dunham 
(viola) and Robert Martin 
(cello). 

The October 24 concert 
. Please tum to page 19 

------------------------------------------------------------------. 

WELCOME!!!! 
STUDENT 

ORGANIZATIONS 
-

. , 

Time for Re-registering that 
organization. Deadline for re-
registration: October 8, 1979. 

Forms for re-registration and 
registering a student organization can 

be picked up in the Student 
Organization Office, Student Center, 

2nd floor, Monday thru Friday, 8-4:30. 

For information regarding Student 
Orgs. call 452-4083. Marietta 

Williams; Adm. Asst. Randy Woodard; 
Advisor 

NEED MONEY 
FOR YOUR 

ORGANIZATION??? 
. 

Now is the time to apply for annual 
funding for your Organization. 

Hearings will be held October 1 -1 2; 
Mon.-Fri. 2 pm-4 pm 

Budgetary request forms can -be 
picked up in the Student 

Organizations Office. Sign up for 
hearing when returning forms . 

THIS IS YOUR ONLY CHANCE TO 
APPLY!!! NO EXCEPTIONS MADE 

_For information re: applying for funds : 
Student Organizations Office x4083 

For assistance in financial matters: 
Josie Hollinger, Adm. Asst. 

Bookkeeper Nora Aust, Financial 
Advisor Extension 4399, Student 

Center 2nd floor. 

. " L ______ ~ ____ ~ ______________________________________ • _______________ • 

Monday,·Sept. 24,1979 The Daily Guardian 17 

BARE WIRES/Ted Burke 

Talking La Jolla Parking Lot Blues 
It was twilight. 1be sky was a 

pencil-lead grey. , The traffic, 
which was choking off the 
intersection only a haH an ~our 
ago as drivers allvied for the 
right tum lane to get home from 
work, had thinned out a little. 

Bob, re~ home from the 
Cove where he d been sittiung 
with friends under a jag-faced 
cliff smoking pale green 
homegrown, cut . acroll the 
Safeway parking lot while 
singing the guitar solo to 
" Whole Lotta Love." 
"BOMP-BOMP!! DAdwiddle-
dalotta-wrooiiinnnggg." He was 
cut off before he could make his 
tongue do another fast run by a 
pair of brakes that screeched 
into position just right behind 
him. Bob stopped 'and turned 
slowly to see what happened. 

"Why don't you take off your 
sunglasses?" carne a voice, a 
woman's, and utterly pissed off. 
Fully turned, he saw a woman in 
a roofless MG that was pulled 
half.way out of a parkina space. 
Bob removed his shades and 
wedged them on his head. 

"Cood way to get killed," she 
went on, "wearing glasses at 
night." &b haJf listened and 
gave what he could see of her a 
thorough once-over. Not bad, 
he surmised, breaking into a 
closed mouth grin that made his 
lips a thin line stretched ear to 
ear. Blonde. slim, cute face, 
about twenty-two. What the 
heU? 

"It's not night yet," he offered 
lamely. He didn't move when 
she re...wd her engine to a 
usele .. , fuming roar. 

"Close enough," she spat 
back, "dark enough to keep you 
from seeing things you oUSht to 
watch out for. Dumb. Please 
move 10 I can leave." &b 
relinquished when she turned 
around to adjust her gear shift 
and .teering wheel and walked 
over to the passenger side of the 
car. He leaned over the door as 
though he were lying on his own 
bed. In the back, he saw a bag 
of grocerie. with a six pack of 
diet<oIa on top of the other 
purchases. She was looking in 
the rear-view mirror on her aide 
nad began to move the car 

further out of the apace, 
carrying &b, slumped haJf-
and-baU over the passenger 
door like a broken coat hanger 
balanced on a clOlet rail. 

She had already straightened 
the car out and aimed it for the 
exit when she saw Bob out of the 
corner of her eye. She slammed 
on the brake, turning &b over 
on hia side. His hands gripped 
for door for balance, and in 
seconds he was leaned over in 
the same position. 

"What do you want?" she 
said, more of a demand than a 
request. Her tone was as hard 
as a brick. 

"Y'know," he said, affecting 
the flat drawl of his surfer pala, 
"you almost kiUed me ... " He 
paused to let her relish what he 
thought was a twinkle in his 
eyes, but her eyes were 
squinted, as though taking aim 
at a bulIs-eye. " ... you can make 
up for that, rou know ... " He let 
is voice trai off. 

She patted the steering wheel 
impatiently.- "What are you 
talking about? Killed you? It 
was your fault. Make up for it? 
Whal.. ... 

Bob took a deep breath and 
lowered hia head . His 
sunglasses sHpped and f~1I on 
his nose, crooked. "Baby, you 
sure are fine," he said in a loud 
mock whisper. "Why don't we 
got to my place and get down ?" 
He rolled himself off the door 
and landed 01'1 his feet and 
stretched his hands out. "How 
'bout it?" 

At first her face showed 
shock, but then she' reached 
behind her seat and grabbed 
one of the cans of diet<ola from 
the six pack with a strong tug. 
As Bob watched, his neck 
craned like a question mark, she 
shook the can rapidly for a few 
seconds, and then aimed it at 
him as she grabl)ed the ring-tab. 
"Cool off, creep," she said, and 
pulled the tab. A white jettison 
of soapy foam sprayed &b's 
clothes with a carbonated hi ... 
He jumped back. She dropped 
the can, put her car in gear, and 
shot off for the exit, leaving in a 
wake of gas fumes. 

He just wtched her vanish 

Since 1975 

IEIT I. SERVICE 
(formerly Mohile VW Service) 

IIII' ',., 10")' /lull we art' IIOW Iimiti"K seI'Vlce calls to cars tlll1t .... iII not 
Slt"t; IIO_per, ..... 're happy /hot we.N' I/O'" obiI' to offer YOll a much 
"''TIer .orlet), 01 Un/ice fo, YOII' VII'. You kno~' from our pre.ious ad. tho/ 
our prlcr, .r~ 10 .... but more l"'porttUOt tho" that Is our slnerr~ de,lrr /0 
rtrtvr for thr IIbro/uu perfectioll th.t I d~mllfld Irom myself olld my 
m«honics. Our "ew /oCt/tion in Million Valley i, equipped ... ith 'h< /ine" 
facllitir.,o .enln your V .... Mlln), VIII o ... ncrr 80 from 0"" shop to . 
IIl1Ot"er wolld"i'W if thr)' wll/ ep" lind olle tl.llt Is hOliest , symflllthet'c. 
Cl/ptlblr lind Irlendly. 

11 you lrinte brrll di_tllfied with your fIIIst urvicr. ,hell you ho.e IIOt 
trlt!d our rhop yrt. We try to I¥ CQmpetith!~ 011 p'ic~', but, well"'.'t!tI,lIy 
more colICtrrttd ... i,,, ""trw s.ri DirlO ~ hwhest qUIIIJ,y MOP tlu", ." 
chU/pen. • 

l.et·,I.ce It, _lIer cnlt"""" do IIOt work chNply. My m~chonkr 
tIr •• /ItOIW ,he ".,lrnt ".Id lI"ywIr"r, but thry /In "",If ~rtll ,he COli. 
We hope 110 t",iMel. I do IIOt toI_te Mort cun or ;"/rrror ".ns. On 'lit 
cont,.", _ _ 1pt!dtII ,«I/Illtprr ort OUT erwiM reblllld. wlrlclt 110 ot."" 
lira". " •.• rtJ _ II" tire 0lIl, IItop ."ywlrrrr 'M' ,.,_"ten 0'" rfl/f",r. 
11110". a you, 0"",, your __ 'YOIIItnr my perro"'" ,.,.,..tee ,1M, YO" will 
IH camp/e,r/; IIItllflnl with' OIU serYicr. b"t!Y1 CUllOtM' Is i"'pon.rtt to '"~ 
Imd our reput.tion is spotlers. PfrtlU .:./1 lor defallr. 

SI"ctnly, 

~4/~ 
OPEN 7 DAYS 7:30 • . m.- 7:30 p.m. 2804232 

coins under eve!'ything else, a 
pack of , Zig-Zag cigarette 
papers, a Cricket lighter, and a 
bit of folded foil cokntaining a 
black lump of what he was told 
was Lebanese hash_ As he 
fumbled through .the debria, he 

could tell with his fingertips that 
the coina were only pennia. He 
.traightened his ahades 10 they 
hUSged his face, unzipped hi. 
jacket, a~ walked into the 
.tore ' ,- .. 

. Pleaae tum to page 21 

around a comer as he stood' 
there shaking his hands to get 
the abused soda off his 
fingertips. He looked down on 
himself. Stains aU over the 
pants, dark spots centered 
around the crotch. "People 
gonna think I pissed on myseU ," 
he thought. He heard people 
laughing in a van parked aero .. 

Some Nice GuyS . 
the way. Someone said "What Continued from pagelS 
an asshole." &b gave them the Still, the Ensemble, aJong 
cleverest hand gesture he could . with other free-jazz groups like 
think of and tried to mop up Old and New Dreams and Air, 
some of the soda with his coat, are capable of great beauty, 
an old khaki Marine field jacket emotionaJ expressiveness, and 
that drooped to his knees . excitement if one would, to use a 

His mind wandered over tired adage, "suspend their 
several things he had no disbelief" and investigate the 
intention of investigating--why music on its own term •. What 
did he look like the smell of they would find on Nice GUliS, 
exhaust; why did things seem to the latest from the Ensemble, is 
move when you look at themt the spirit of muaicaJ adventure. 
hrough one eye and then the That s not nearly as off-putting 
other--until he noticed his as they might have imqined. 
hunger. He raised his head and 1be musicians, Lester &wie 
looked through the large (trumpet, celester, bass drum, 
Safeway windows and let hi. Malichi favor. (baas), Joseph 
eyes roam over the aisles until Jarman (saxophones, flute,' 
he came on a sign that read f i v es , va rio u s r h y t h m 
"Bakery." 1ben he smiled, in.truments), Roscoe Mitchell 
showing no one the green (saxophones, flute, oboe, 
particles of marijuana on his clarinet, gongs), and famoudou 
teeth, green flecks on the yellow Don Moye (drums) don't play 
enamel. what's been typified as the 

He searched his pocket. for aimless screeching of dueling 
money, ~nowing ~ . had .some saxophones and jams by 

drwnmen and bassists who 
can't keep time, but rather, they 
attack a wide spectrum of ideas, 
ransms on the borderline aV,ant. 
rartie band.-~ of 0utrIie Ca, stone blus, reggae, and 

harmonic tone-poems, and the 
rushing, spiraling, crescendo 
glutted Pharoe Saunder •. The 
performance. are breathtaking, 
exhibiting a fabuloua sense of 
instrumental dialogue between 
the laxophonea, trumpet, bus 
and drum •. At one moment the 
music can be icy and abstract, 
with Bowie and Jarman 
exchanging the abstract tones 
and atonal phrases, and in 
another can shift into a cool 
West Coast blues. 

In short, the Art Ensemble oi 
Chicago are a phenomenal jazz 
unit in any category, and Nice 
GUll' i. one of the moat 
consistently satisfying releases 
of thi. IOrt I've heard in lOme 
time. A plus. 

BBC Import Unimpressive 
By Lynette Tom 

Senior Staff Writer 
f'or years, British tel eviSIOn 

has had the upper hand in 
producing situation comedies 
later imitated by its American 
counterpart Til Death Do Us 
Part and (All In The Family) 
and Robin 's Nest (Three's 
Company) are the two most 
visible examples 01 series 
copycatting. The lat est 
example. Fawlty Towers, has a 
new twist. By way 01 Britain, it 
traces its origins to starrir g Paul 
Lynde, which was teievised 
seyeral summers ago .on ABC. 

Basil and Polly Fciwlty are 
Jjrother and sister proprietors of 
a rundown hotel in the 

countryside. Equally as scruffy 
are Manuel, a waiter/bellhop 
who can neither speak nor 
understand English, much less 
comply with Basil's orders; Miss 
Tibbs. a waitress/maid who is 
the most sensible and sane 01 
the group; Sybil , Basil's 
persnickity wile; and Major 
Gowen, Fawlty Towers' 
resident gues t and lunatic. The 
comedy is predictable, and 

. produces lew guffaws and 
chortles. 

John Cleese 01 Monty Python 
proves that he can stand on his 
own two leet without the 
assistence of his zany cohorts. 
His performance of Basil is 
perfect, right down' to his 
ravin!{s and other curious' 

. \ 

quirks . '1 he rest of the cast. 
composed 01 Andrew Sachs 
(Manuel), Gilly Flower (Miss 
Tibbs), Prunella Scales (Sybil), 
and Ballard Berkeley (Major 
Gowen), is hardly worth 
mentioning, although Cleese's 
real wile, Connie Booth, has her 
good moments as the snappish 
Polly Fawlty. 

The ABC summer pilot with 
Paul Lynde. failed to capture 
viewing attention. Its British 
version lared much better with a 
six episode trial run at 11 :00 pm 
on Tuesday nights. However. 
most viewers, whether 
American or English. can agree 
that Fawlty Towers is 
somewhat of a disappointment. 

inCAj:DAT.LSAT.GRlA;~~. 
ORE. ORE PSYCH. ORE BID o~ 
PCAT.DCAT.VAT.RlAT.SAT ~~~ 
nRlB Lltm. ECFRlG. FLEX. VOE ~~ 
NDB I,n.NPB I·NLE Join our classes now • 
Flexible Programs & Hours to prepare for Fall '79 
call for details 

270-8810 
Days, Evenings, or Weekends 

For Information about other centers in mor~ 
than 80 malor U,S. cities and abroad. 

Call toll . free: 
800-223-1782. 

'------ exams. - __ ....J 

~ 
EDUCATIONAL CENTER 

TEST PR(PARATION 
SPECIALISTS SINCE 1938 

2180 Garnet, Pacific Beach 

• 

-



,. 

18 The Daily Guardian Monday, Sept. 24, 1979 

Elusive Gluon May Have Left Tracks 
By Peter Mortensen 

Albert Einstein's dream of 
one day discovering a unifying 
force in all of nliture has come a 
step closer to realization. 
Teams of international 
physicists believe they have 
found evidence of the force 
bonding quarks, the most basic 
building blocks of matter 
known, into such elementary 
particles as protons and 
neutrons. And this discovery 
would be em important step 
toward Einlitein'lI I(oal. 

only energy at the point of 
impact. 

As this energy begins to 
dissipate, a quark and its 
antimatter counterpart , the 
antiquark, shoot out from the 
impact point in two "je ts," even· 
tually to form pairs a nd triple ts 
of quarks and assemble into 
Ioubatomic particles such as 
mesons and protons. 

A major breakthrough 
Occurred when a third jet was 
detected after the collision, 

pn.-dichons and tt'llt alt· jd s 
whi c h a cco m pa ni e d th e 
particles led physicists to bdievt· 
they had TTiilcle a significa nt 
discov .... v. 

These mos t recent a nd 
encouraging find ings in the 
searc h for g i1Jon s we re 
announced earlier this month a t 
a ga thering of 600 physicists 
from 38 countries at the Fermi 
National Accelerator Labora· 
tory in Bata via , III ., near 
Chicago . 

slated to work on the S tanlord 
I"EP (Pro ton Eledron Project) 

I .. . . ... 1 W 1t' \-Is achvat= . 
Act • .• ing to Frazer, the 

P EP should yield some da ta 
" highly rdevant" to gluon 
stu(lics. 

If gluons exist', it would he the 
first supportive proof for a 
re la tively ne w a nd very 
complica ted physical theory 
known as quantum chromo· 
dynamics . or QC D. Confir· 
mation of the QCD theory 

Movers 
Drink 

o.hkOlh, Wile. (AP) -
Men who drink 5quor are more 
than twice allikely to try to . Ie 
up women in bars, say C 
graduate students at the 
University of Wisconain-
Oshkoah. 

'rht- force dept:nds on the 
"l(luun ,. (prolloulwed glue·on), 
a massless, rhargeless bit of 
Il\IIUer predicted during the past 
five years. 

Until August, however, 
sufficient facilities to 
demonstrate the existence of the 
elusive gluon did not exist. 

Gluon Physics is Where Many 
Scientists Hope for Breaks 

The students - T ami Kohls, 
Gary Schuch and Michelle 
F ueger - said their research 
project at area discoa disclosed 
that 42 of 48 liquor drinkers 
tried to pick up women during 
the period of observation. 
However, only 17 of 53 male 
beer drinkers made any mov.ea, 
they said. 

-------------------------

It was the PETR A project in 
Hamburg, West Germany, last 
month that first detected 
evidence of gluons. Using a 1.5· 
mile circular ele c tron 
accelerator capable of 
delivering 15 billion electron 
volts of power, electrons and 
positrons(anti electrons ), were 
forced to collide. 

The terrific head·on collision 
in the PETRA accelerator 
caused the two particles to 
amihilate one another, leaving 

which physicists belie ve was a 
highl~ energized gluon . Before 
PETRA, no accelerator in the 
world could suply enou gh 
energy to "e xcite" a gluon. 

Caltech Physicist Da vid 
Politzer pointed out that the 
Hamburg experiment t oncen· 
trated on an area less than one· 
trillionth of an inch in diameter 
and occurs in less than 10 
malionths of a billionth of a 
billionth of a second. Because of 
the infinitesimal time·spa<.oe 
dimenllions. only the protons 
and other particlt"s of like size 
were detected. but theoretical 

UCSD physics professor 
Willia m R. Frazer said the 
research is "impressive , but it is 
hy no means conclusive." He 
felt that perhaps there was a 
"ba ndwagon effect" occurring 
among physicists involved with 
gluon experiment a tion. 

A similar accelerator to the 
West German divice is being 
constru c t e d at Stanford 
University , but la bor disputes 
and production problems ha ve 
slowed its implementation. 

UCS I.) physics professor 
George E. Masek and associate 
professor Wayne Vernon are 

WANT IT ALL NOW? 
SCURI announces deadlines for the following grant 

programs available to undergraduates: 

SCURI Student Research Grant (October 8) 
NSF Student Originated Stucies (October 19) 

NEH Youthgrants (October 30) 
National Space Club (November 1) 

Third College Research Program 

SCURI will be conducting grantwriting workshops for 
these programs on September 25 and 27, and October 3. 

.Student Cente r for Undergraduale Researc h and Innovation 
Building A. Student Center (452·391 7) 

mRPORamn 

~ Good ~d.nI Discount 
~ ForeIgn IIL-de,n 

~ Out of ItaIe Ucence 
~ No OM refused 

ONE STOP SHOPPING WITH OVER 
25 MAJOR COMPANIES 

THE HARTFORD 

CSE 
INSURANCE 

AUTO INSURANCE 
STUDENTS 

Married or Single, Ages 18 and Over. 
DrIver Training Oed It. 

Credit for Prior Insurance on Parents' Policies. 
Terms Available. 

• 

.1- 2423 CAMINO DEL RIO SOUTH, S.D. SUITE 112 1-8 AT TEXAS STREET CALl ANYTIME I 293-3763\ 

would be the lirst all ·importc\nt 
s t e p lea din g to miln ' s 
understanding of the basic 
rel a tionsh ips between nature's 
four prim ary forces: the weak 
a nd strong nuclear (lIrcps. 
g ravitiltion and elec trolllag · 
nitism. 

QCD derives its nan ,t' In'" 1 
the fact that eight "colo.,, ' 
(frequenci es ) of gluons a re 
thought to exist. The term 
"color" has nothing to do with 
the colors we see. but ~ 
epresents a convention adopted 
to differentia te the uluons . 

(UCSD has just opened an on 
campus pub, but it doe. not 
serve mixed drinks, the pub 
mllnlliler say.) 

The three, who reported QA.. 
their project at a recent MIdwest 
P.ychology Association 
convention, said they noticed 
that ads in men's magazines 
gave the imprellion that liquor 
drinkers got the girl, while ada 
for ' beer raiely had women in 
them. and tended to portray a 
more macho image. 

Soft Contact Lenses $118 
Dr 0 A. R.·.rbal,,.,r 
I'. ASSOCiates. 
Opto m etrists ... 011 (iJ".lC~ If"", (,.I':'l;.l.l'.{'n .-'Inn 

r'V(.llJ,i!'cn 1I r':~ ~-,Jlql' 

272 2211 

GRAND 
'OPENING 

Middle 

o f 
MUir 

Free ice cream social 
25 September 

12-1 

Hours: 
8-11 Monday-Friday 

12-11 Saturday-Sunday 

Monday, Sept. 24, 1979 
. The Daily Guardian 

Braxton Around Town 
Continued from page 16 Wednesda~ Night series will 

include T he Monday Evening 
Ensemble. (Ja nua ry 23), New 
York S tring Qua rtet (April 2 ), 
Sonor (April 23) and TH E 
(May 21). All concerts are in the 
Mandeville Center Auditorium, 
and begin a t 8 pm. Single 
admissions are $4 .50 for the 
genera l public, $2.50 fo r senior 
ci tizens. a nd $ 1.50 for students. 
T icke ts may be bought ai the 
UCSI.) Hox o ff ice, in the 
Student Center . S ubsniptions 
to the series are avai lable for 
$20. pa tron posi tions for $50 
and sponsor s ta tus for $75. 
Checks for these distin~ ti o ns 
should be made payable to the 

UC Rege nts a nd ma iled to Irene 
S ol o mon , UCSD Mu s ic 
Department, B·026, La Jolla, 
Califo rnia, 92093, wi th a 
s t a mp e d , se lf ·a ddressed 
envelope. For more informa· 
tion . call 452·3229. 

Leigh H oward S tevens, 
America's foremos t marimba 
vir tuoso, wi ll demonstrate his 
new technique (allowing for a 
performance on the instrument 
formally thought impossible) in 
a wor ks ho p a nd co ncert 
sponsored by the UC Sa n Diego 
Music I.)epartment. thursday, 
Septemher '27 a t the Ma ndeville 
Center. 

brings us a rare Sa n Diego 
a ppeara nce by saxophonist and 
composer Anthony Braxton. 
Braxton is one of the most 
inventiv e and a dventurous 
pioneers in modern-jazz, hav ing 
been acclai med by ever y 
influentia l jazz journal as 
perhaps the central figure in 
wha t 's b ee n t e rm ed th e 
"improvisational a va nt·ga rde. ' · 
Jhe Washington Sta r has said 
.. .. . the universe of Anthony 
Braxton covers a g re at deal o f 
mus ical territory , from the 
lowes t register 01 the contrabas~ 
sax (some six leet and 95 
pounds of horn) to the highest 
overblown harmonic o( the: 
so pranino, from the mosl 
baffling slow tempo to dazzlin !< 
cascades of melody ." Anothel 
c r iti c d e s c ribed him a ~ 
.. .. . ce rt a inly th e mO Sl 
provocative of jazz players, ' 
and the Boulder Jazz Revie w 
said that " ... it is not so great a 
step as you would think from 
Bartok and Berg to Braxton." 
Braxton in concert is nothing 

'Iess than an eXl:iting short·order 
course in the history o f musical 
ideas. His albums include New 
York 1974 , Five Pieces 1975. 
Creative Music Orc hestra, and 
scads of others. 

Extension Courses 
Monkey With Mind 

Futur e concerts in the 

Continued from page 3 
math, and that you leave your 
$70 in the unlocked trunk of his 
white Eldorado, which will 
parked outside the Del Mar 
racetrack from 1 to 6 pm daily 
except Tuesdays. (Tuesdays 
try Hollywood Park.) Don't 
touch the rest of the money in 
the trunk if you like your face, 
Dr. Eaton suggests. 

Also don't miss " Understand· 
ing Our Relationships with Our 
Mothers" and " Coping with 

Rent your Fumlture from 

Furniture Rental 
I FAST - 24~8 HOur Delivery I 

complete one bedroom apartment 
for as little as $36.00 per month. 

100% option to buy. courtesy to students 

.San Diego 
6195 Univelsi1y Ave. 

Oceanside 
1-5 at Oceanside Blvd. 

583·2981 439-G711 

The 

STUDENT SPECIAL 

KeameyMesa 
4646 ConvCty Street 

292~57 

$5 off on haircuts w ith this ad 
expires 

October 18. 
1979 

We do hair relaxing. 
Free skin analysis, featuring 

full skin cqre. 

RETAIL CENTER FOR THE 
BEST IN HAIR & SKIN CARE PRODUCTS. 

open 7 days by apPOintment only. 

- - --- 459·0852-----.1 
Val looted parl<lng 

in lhe Lo Jolla 
Flnanclo l Bulldang 

1250 Prospect, La Jolla 
( in McKellar Plaza) 

Difficult People." Next year, 
Extension sources tell me, 
offerings will include " Choosing 
a Hair Conditioner," "How to 
Avoid Drawing Attention to 
Yourself with Those Funny 
Clothes You Usually Wear," 
"Gelling Straight: Learning to 
Skip Dangerous Jaywalking 
Situations," and " Remembering 
the Names of Second Cousins 
and Great Aunts." And finally: 
" Pla n Your Own Extension 
Program lor Big Bucks." 

~e~ ~~;c~ 
~~~0 ~\ ~o~~ ~\..Jo 

'" ~ ~ \.~ ~~ 1~~ ~~ 
0-.30 \~o~~1 . 

drop in for a free 
personalized styling I consul~atlon . 

.our styles create 
irresistable men 
fascinating women 
obedient children. 

454-3038 

PHOTO 
SUPPLIES 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

___ ----l DISCOUNT 
PRICES 

UC SI ') 
Budgel Numbers 

accepll;..>U 

BOB DAVIS 

I 1 l it 1 
, "J" / jl . 

19 

F rODlSOn' s T erDl 
Paper Inadequate 
Continued from paRe 3 
the cable TV news service, 
which is a little too farfe tched to 
imagine at CBS, let alone the 
University of California), but I 
think I could have told Dr. 
Saxon all of it in about a week of 
loose moming study before 
hilling the beflch in the 
afternoon. 

Sure the system is too big and 
uncoordinated. A glance at the 
Berkeley phone book would ' 
have told me that. 

Yes, UC officers should be 
more honest. But Murray 
Fromson isn't needed to tdl UC 
workers that. Anyway, what 
can Saxon, of all people, do 
about it? Would it improve UC's 
image if the Los Angeles TImes 
got hold of an intrasystem 
memo telling all UC personne.l 
not to lie , distort or conceal? . 

The report i. a disappoint. 
ment, a very short, superficial, 
obvious glanCe at what the UC 
system thinks it i. doing wrong. 

It is just like something I 
would start writing at midnight, 
due at 8 am. And I wouldn't get 
all that money. 

Maybe projects like 
Fromson'. are what contributes 
to the low UC image. Or maybe 
people are beginning to catch on 
that UC PhOs and systems 
analysts sometimes don't do 
anything more imprell5ive than 
what their sons and daughters 
do at Chico St., UC San Diego 
and Stanford. 

Regents 
Continued from pAle 1 
shareholders resolution and 
against management. 

The resolution was 
subsequently defeated by a wide 
marwin in the full GM vote. 

Under a compromise struck 
by Scheinbaum and Edward 
Carter , regents may now cast 
votes on shareholder resolutions 
by telephone. Unreturned 
ballots will .till count as 
management votes, however. 
Scheinbaum's original motion 
would have counted them as 
abstentions. 

The Regents will meet again 
Oct. 18 and 19. 

UNIVERSITY LUTHERAN CHURCH 
Worship with Us 

.. .. Sundays, 10:00 A.M., 
together with Students and 

.l..\" _.6.. Townspeopte 
9595 La Jolla Shores Dr .. near North Torrey Pinea Rd. 
(on the western edge of Reyelle College) 
UCSD Campus Pastor John G. Huber 
Telephone 453-0561 or 459-8855 

Iwap.a·.,.,. 
Pacific Beach/La Jolla 

939 Turquoise St. 
(1 block eMf of Mission Btvd.1 

PlICific BelICh 272·6234 

Thousands of used 

L.P.I...., 11'.00 
Tap.. ...., 12.49 

S$ Open 7 d • .,. a w.... ss 
CASH PAID FOR L.P. 's 

RESEARCH PAPERS 
10,250 on File - All Academic Subjects 

Send $1 .00 for your up-to-date, 308-page ma" order catalog. 
ACADEMIC RESEARCH 

P.o. Box 24873 
LOS ANGELES, CA 90024 

1-----------------------------------'------------------., 1 I 
: NAME _____ : 

I : 1 ADDRess ------ • I CITY ---" i 
I STATE _ ZIP I 
1 ______ --------------------------- --------------------___ , 

t ' 



20 

. , 

The Daily Guardian Monday. Sept. 24. 1979 
-------------------------------------------------

UC . CRAFTS CEN'TER 

OFFERS CLASSES & WORKSHOPS IN 
CERAMICS 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
WOODWORKING 

STITCHERY 
QUILTMAKING 
STAINED GLASS 

DRAWING 

and much more. 

REGISTRATION WEEK IS 
SEPTEMBER 24-28. 

.' ~ 

CLASSES BEGIN OCTOBER 1 FOR 9 WEEKS. 

The Crafts Center is open to the 
entire UCSD Community and is located 

between the Student Center and Bonner Hall. 

Call 452-2021 for more information. 

The Daily Guardian 21 

:..------ MO.re Little Kno~n Fa.cts to Know--
Continued from page 16 being approved to begin cloning 
pulrol the grounds late at night th ese eff icien t learnin g· 
to dispose of inebriated students humanoids la te in the 19805 to 
in undisclosed manner. alleviate projected UCsystem 

Dr. Richard Swanson of the budgetary difficulties . 
Physics Department believes Researchers foresee a new 
that the metric system is merely breed of student possessillg 
a passing fad and foresees the photographic memory a nd 
day when furlongs, cubits, and instant recall able to di~est, 
olares will make a comeback. assimilate, and most important. 

been isolated from the blood of a 
female test subject. Long the 
s(;Qurge of male elementary 
school children in the United 
States who el(perienced trauma 
and developed a phobia of 
association with schoolgirls 
(sometimes lingering until the 

second year of junior high tolerance develops to the 
school .) 'cooties' have been 'cooties' virus with the onset of 
:;hown to exhibit an ability to adolescence. it is hoped that a 
thrive not only in and on the vaccine can be developed to be 
human female body, but on administered to schoolboys on a 
toil et sca ts and drinkin g nation·wide scale just to be on 
fountains as well. Although in lhe safe side. 
human males a blood·serum -------------------_=_ 

Football, America's most Iy survive exclusively on 
---More BARE WIRES ---

popular spectator sport, has campu~ food service meals, Continued from page . 17 pick up a hoax or a loaf and 
been reinstituted as a varsity conducting itself in a quiet and He Will thinking of junk food ltare at the ingrediants. he shot 
ath letic activ ity at UCSD. orderly manner con:;onanl with _ Twinkiea, Inowballl, fake aglanceatthecashegistersand 
Athldes are encouraged to Jry University regulations. exuding chocolate fudge, fruit · pie. _ noticed a box boy walking by 
oul for the team. although the no objectionable odors. and and Iwore softly when he saw with a feather dUlter. Then he 
P.E. department warns that able to survive an academic th · k the nd 1 looked over to the meat~ti'on, elr rac I at e 0 a very ---
budgetary limit a tions will year limited to a budgel of $600 long aisle. At the same end wal where he saw the woman place 
Prohibit them from being issued for personal expenses. th t ti' h a package 01 t::' · ........ e ;-to e mea sec on, w ere a -__ ... 
Pads. helmets or insurance. and . During orientation week, bend" th her balket be 0- rolling out of woman WI Ing over mto e ... 
Players wi ll have to provide their pranksters from the Young d' If' h SJ·ght. Bob put a . loaf of bread A f F I h Id lip ay reezer to welg own transporta tion to the mericans or ' reec om e a d'ff h b k back on the shelf and took a I ereDt am urfbr pacl ''''''es season opener at UC Davis. contest to sec how many .... 'I th He nfide 

Are UCSD students fact!d members of tht! Young' Socialist with her hands. e aisle was Ileep brea. wu co nt. the . Ie empt He walked down the aiale in an 
with obsolescence? Recombi. Alliance they could stuff into a 0 rWi y. d hi I Ie 
nanl DNA researchers from the phone booth. Bob strolled down the aisle in exaggerated lUi e, '1 ong gl 

T h U C S D B I mealured Itepl, pretending to resembling a pair of scillOrs 
Biochemistry Department claim e i 0 0 g.y be interelted in loavel of cutting construction paper. 
to have successfully restruc· Department announced that a At the junk food rack, he 
tured human embryonic cells to fifteen· year a ttempt to isol\l te bread, hot dog bunl and aIcuiated wha he 

brining his 1hacIe" notinJ ~t 
the store', lighta were bri&ht 
enouah to have bpt him at bay 
had lie IOtten atoned without 

~. He ~uaed to aurvey the 
tituation. The check~t stand, 
were aD busy, with men and 
women and a gaale of 
teenagers lined witJ. their 
baskets waiting t:ce procet*l 

,out. An army of box boy, in 
white shirta, black bow tie. and 
red aprom scurried through the 
aille. carrying boxel. TIle air 
wu fuB 01 the clanging of 
overworked cash register •• -

(Part II later thil week) 
create what the scientists term the virus responsible for the hamburger bunl and breakfalt inltantly c t 
"the perfect student." Plans are __ tr..;.a_n..:..sm..:.....:is..;.si..;.o_n..:.....:o_f ..:.....:·c_o..:..ot_ie_s_· _h_a_s ___ c_er_e_al_,_e_v_e_n_g_OI_'OS ___ IO __ fa_r_a_l_t_o ____ Bob _____ th_a_nk_ ed __ him_· __ se_If __ fo_r ________________ _ 

le BEDOUIN 
Restaurant ------

Authentic Moroccan Cuisine 

Served In on Intimate atmosphere 
of a colorful tent. Featuring 
the trodlt'lonal cous-cous, 
squab with rosins, robit 
with olives. and chicken with 
prunes. and lomb kebob. 
We also hove an extensive 
wine list. 

For Reservations call 

459-5111 

OASIS WRITING CENTER 

Class A. Tuesdays 11 · 12noon 
Class B, Wednesdays 9-1 Oam 
Focus on in·class writing, discussion, and subsequent 
redrafting and self·editing. For lower division students. 

Four Revelle' Assignment BrainSlorms: 
Humanities llA 

(Anagnostopoulous adjunct) Tues. 9-10 am 
(Crowne adjunct) Thurs, 9·10 am 

Humanities 12A 
(Allison adjunct) Mondays 9·10 am 
(Cal( adjunct) Wednesdays 9·10 am 

One Upper Division Writing Adjunct: Wednesdays 2·3 pm 
For transfer students. Focus on short term papers, 
research methods. composition, punctuation 
and organization. 

One Writing English as a Second Language TBA 

One Res~nse Class lor Bridge Students Fridays 9·11 am 
Sign· ups lor any of these classes and for regularly 
SCheduled one·on·one conferences will be Monday, 
September 24 to Friday. September 28 at 4070 USB. 
OAStS ~r~l!'9 Center ' 

• 

• - - - - - - - -We'll pay you- - - - - - - - -., 

: $-12 ! 
I 

: (1 st visit only) : 
I with this coupOn I 
L _____________ ~ __________ _ 

Weekly drawing for $25 
PLUS ... earn up to S100/mo. In your spore tfme. After 
your first visit earn an ~xtra S5 for every friend you 

. bring fnl 

Your blood plasma Is vitally needed for the manu-
facture of Iife..sovlng medication. Your plasma does 
make a difference. It pays to Help. Give Life. Give 

W ... Mar EI Cajon 
Plasma C.nter 

110 South Magnolia 
442·9671 

Blood Plasma. 

NOWOf'EN W.' Mar Ocean lleac:h 
Plasma C • ...., 

4878 Newport Ave 
224·2794 

SOullwes' Blotoglcs 
Plosmo Cenier 

Downtown. San Diego 
630 Columbia 

233-6553 

There II no automatic Inlurance coverage. 

"Cover 
Your 
Bod" 

Enroll now 
for 

health insurance. 

Available from il')surance representative 
at Student Health Services. 

Monday thru Thursday. 9 am to 2 pm. 

All registered students .-.d post doca are eligible. 

POSTAL M1lWT.PRESS 

STUDENT 
RATES 
Instant Printing 
Photocopies 
Flyers for 

Student Organizations 
Resumes 
Typing 

7527 La Jolla Blvd. 
At the corner of . 
Pearl and La Jolla Blvd. 

LOS 
Students 

I 
YESI 
THERE IS 
ANLDS 

~ 
Located across from 
Tioga Hall . in the 
"Whitehouse" at 9527 
La Jolla Farms Rd. Call 
453-8846 for info. 

(~,. " , ~f' ," enS whats ti happeqjng! '., ' . . , 
¢ SHAPE UP 

WITH A FRIEND 
INTRODUCTORY OFFER 

BRIDGET AND TRACY. THE 
NEWEST ADDITIONS TO 
OUR GROWING STAFF. 
OFFER TWO PRECISION 
STYLE CUTS FOR THE 
PRICE OF ONE! CALL 
TODAY TO MAKE AN 
APPOINTMENT FOR 

YOURSELF AND A FRIEND, 

HUNTRlDGI HAlIITYUI 
454-0781 

LOCATED IN THE 
SUMMER HOUSE INN 

LA JOLLA SHORES 



22 The Daily Guardian 

one stop shop at Hobie's 
-for the men & boys: 

Ocean Pacific Sunwear 
Slxf Live 
Off Shore 
Sundek 

.-----------------------. : Free aeach & Game aag : 
• (check.,., backgammon, .chess) I 
: with a purchase of over : 
: $10 and this coupon : 
------------------------

4320 Mission Blvd. 
Pacific Beach 

488-0689 

We carry rugs, 
posters, paraphernalia 
and gifts from qround 

the world! 

-and toys 
HobieCats 

Australian Shore Wave Ski 
Churchill tins 

Handguns. boogie boards 

Expires September 30 

I 

Monday. Sept. 24. 1979 

-for the women 
Sunshine of Hawaii 

Bolt for gals 
Beachtwine 

~-----------------. I I 
I I 
: Buy any ladles' shorts : 
I or tops - I 
: 2 for the price of 1 : 
------------------~ 

Help our staff 
celebrate the beginning 

of a new quarter. 

lassifieds 
NNOUNCEMENTS 

Muir Outing Club meets Tuesday at 
6.30 pm in the Rec Gym Conference 
Room. Welcome back everybody! 

I ntto do research? Need money for 
it? Come see SCURI for all of your 
funding needs. Call 452 -3917. 
10/25) 

Wanted - Friendly inlelligenl neat 
achievers to be chaner members of 
National Panhellenlc Conference 
women's Fralernity. Alpha Gamma 
Delta is looking for you. Call Michelle 
at 543-2588. (10/25) 
Gene Wilder returns to UCSD. Oct 4, 
11 . 18 and 25. Tickets on sale at UEO 
80x Office. $t.50 / show or $5.00 for 
the series. Limited sealing. Buy now. 
(24.26.28) • 
Springtime for Hiller & Germany. 
Gene Wilder of course! See the 
producers & start the revolution w lout 
me. Thurs. Oct. 4. Two shows, one tow 
price $1.50 at UEO Box Office. USE\ 
2722. 'I pm. 

More than il1st a movie series. a movie 
classic Gene Wilder at his funniest. 
$5.00 for the series or $1 .50/show. 
Oct. 4. 11. j 8. 25. Tickets at UE 0 Box. 
The Producersl 16 inches of pure 
entertainment. .. or Is that 16 
millimelers? Gene Wilder film fest. 
Starts Thurs. Oct 4. USB 2722. 8 pm. 

• SERVICES 
Improve your grades! Send $1 .00 for 
your 306-page catalog of collegiate 
research. 10,250 10pics listed. Box 
25097G. Los Angeles, California 
90025 (213) 477-8226. 
Speed reading? Why spend 
hundreds? We've got University 
Programs right here starting at $19.95. 
R.EAD.S. (toll free) 800-327-9009. 
ext. 397. 
TYPING / EDITING: 5 yrs spec liled 
expo theses dis .. mss IBM Sele.:tric. 
Prof. excellence-competitive prices. 
Pac. Bch.! Bernice 274 -1078 
day l eve. (T I Th, 10/18) 

Professional IBM typing service. Term 
papers . theses , dissertations, 
resumes. Rapid. accurate service. 
566-9894. M(10 / 15) 

The Dai Guardian 

Baby Grand Piano for rent S45/ month. 
Call 459-1929. (9/25) 

PERSONAls 
Welcome back and good luck to our 
favorite old man. (Even if you'll never 
be home anymore) Yrs. Dooley & 
Sluggo. 

To the kid from Santa Monica - When 
will you stop wearing those cut-oils? 
Welcome to UCSO. Hope you have a 
great year. See ya around. Joni. 

SOAP! Students on Academic 
Probation? Close but no cigars. 
Another year. another crone welcome 
back' The Mystery Magloy. 

KH - Well no more Guava Girl butI'm 
sure we can manage to survive 
somehow! Looking forward to a great 
" last" year at UCSO. Many DWP-
WHtPS etc. Love ya, JM. 

UG I have a feeling that th ings will be 
great from now on - as long as you 
stay away from Revelle! Love you lois. 
JM 

ltoUSiNG 
Own room in Card ill. Nice place. 
$1 t 9/ mo. Smoking OK.' Call John. 
Pam. or Clark at 942-3236. 

Female to share nicely furnished 3 
Brm home, N. Cia iremont, 6 miles from 
campus. Quiet neighborhood. yard. 
patio, all conveniences. $125.00 per 
month. 272-5396 Bob. (18 & 24) 
Female 10 share beautiful home In 
North Clairemont. Six miles from 
campus, quiet neighborhood. yard. 
patio. washer. dryer. etc. $125.oo/mo. 
272-5396, BOb. 

Mis.,ion Beach - Ocean and bay 
fronl units $240-$475, studio 1 and 2 
bedrooms. furnished. utilities paid 
parking. no pets. 9 month lease, 488-
1395, 281-2645, 466-9316. 3333 
Bayside and 3443 Ooean Front Walk. 
(9/28) 

FOR SAlE 
5 " Sanyo refrigerator. Excellent 
condition w/ warranty. Will deliver 
452-1898. $100. 

68 Firebird. 350. 4 spd. ps. lOOK mi. 8 
track. runs well. 755-6456. ask for 
Randy. $750/080. (9/25) 
63 Falcon Wagon reliable. gOOd mpg 
on regular gas. Runs well. Slanl 6 
cylinder engine. New battery. 
alternator plus regulator , Also 
registration is valid until Aug. t 980. 
Call Lou 234-5804. $575. (9/24) 

23 
73 Dodge Van, excellent condo AIC, 
PS, PBV. Custom Int. Lowmi!. $3195or 
offer. 583-,,506. (9/28) 

2 Refrigerators 
:) cubic ft . Like new. $95.00 each. 442-
0136. (25 Sap) 

WANTEd 
Excellent part time job opportunity. 
Must have good knowledge of rock 
musJc. Will work around class 
schedule. Personable extrovert willing 
to be a buyer of used LP's for music 
shop. Call Larry at Swap-A· Tape. 272-
6234 11 -6 pm. 

Wanted: Delivery driver. 4 hrs/day. 
. 5 :30-9 :30 am . 5 days/week . 

$3.25/hr. Call 453-7314. ask for 
Michele. 

Photo Assistan\ in sales $6.00 per 
hour full or part time 4-6 pm. Will tra in 
275-2404. (10/5) 
Experienced youth worker sought by 
La Jolla synagogue to sarve as 
adviser to a group of Junior High 
students in their youlh program. Must 
be familiar with Jewish educational 
and cunurat programming as well as 
recreation acliv~ies. P an-time. Send 
resume. Congregalion Beth EI. 8745 
La Jolla Scenic Dr .. La Jolla 92037, 
452-1734 for more informallOn. 

Positions open for qualified applicants: 
cook. busperson • server 

--.. ------Seeks to 

2206 Carmel Valley Road 
Del Mar 

employ 
Qualified UCSD Students 

in positions as 
drivers and cooks. 

Sta.rt $3.2B/hr. 
Apply in persOn. 

-w ....... _ ......... _. I, 
'-" • Dionn ~ 

T_IWII. eaoI • :.z:Ii-
Pick up application at 
2212 Carmel Valley Roa~ • Del Mar 

~--------------------------------------------------------------------I 
I 
I 
I 

PARKING/TRANSIT 
INFORMATION 

I~- FREE BUS PASSES-...... 
Free bus passes are available at the 
Parking & 1ransit Systems Office. This 
bus pass is good for free bus 
transportation within the boundaries of 
the UCSD campus ONLY Mesa 
Apartments to Scripps. 

.. 



24 The Daily Guardian 

Decorate with 
B cAccents 

Great Dorm and . 
Apartment Decor 

• Blinds 
. • Spreads 
• Hampers 
• Shelving 
• Pillows 

. • Prints 
• Posters 
• Frames 
• Mugs 
• Glassware 
• Candles 
, Tables 
• Chairs 
· .Rugs · 

.c-{i¥~~ _ 

Monday . Sept.. 24 . 1.9 

�----------------~-------------I I Pier 1 I 
I I I 
I ~ I 
: . Student Off : 
I Bonus All, .. ,.wlJ I 
I Irtoed hi. I 
I Redeem this certificate with your purchase at your local Pier 1 I 
I Imports. Discount not applicable to sale items. Customer I 
I must pay any sales tax. Coupon void where prohibited, taxed • 
I or restricted by law. SKU: 059901 I Limit ODe CcnaPOD per C1l8~mer. Offer expire. "",ember 80, 187 •. 
I fiel I 
I I 

.-------------------~----------. ' - , 
----

SAN DIEGO Take Hwy. 5 to Washington St. Turn off at 1735 Hancock St. 291 -9520 
SAN DIEGO 3220 Sports Arena Blvd. 222-0487 LA MESA CENTER - Jackson, 
Grossmont Center 460-6760 La Jolla 1152 Prospect St. 459-3671 CARLSBAD in 

The Mall at 2535 EI Camino Real 729-4286. 


