
The Dai·ll!: · Guardian 
Volume 38, Number 37 Univenity of California, San Diego Monday, November 12, 1979 

Saxon Asks $123 Reg Fee' Increase 
Compiled by the Auociated Pres. 

and The Daily Guardian 
UC President David Saxon will propose a 

registration fee increase amounting to $123 at 
UCSD, at this week's Regents meeting, the UC 

1981-82, $468 ($156 per quarter); and 1982-83, 
$510 ($170 per quarter). next three years, according to AS Preadient Carlos Montalvo. . 

Student Lobby said Friday. 

Reg fees are now $384 a quarter here. 
However, Shontz said the Student Lobby wants to 

limit the increase to a single year. 

"The SBPC feels that instead of having a nine 
percent increase over a three-year period, the 
university should set that limit for one year; the 
additional two years should not tie in until the 
guidelines can be made more specific," said 
Montalvo. 

However, the Student Body Presidents Council . 
plans to speak out against Saxon's three-year fee 
increase plan, David Shontz, a Student Lobby 
spokesman told the Daily Guardian yesterday. 

Eight of the nine University of California campuses . 
have indicated to Saxon that they want student 
registration fee increases ranging from $ 72 to $147 

"We (the Student Lobby) think these fee 
assumptions aren't totally favorable and that a better 
revision (to the fee plan) could be m-ade .. . This is not 
the best way to increase fees ," said Shontz. 

He said he would like to see the guidelines 
"tillhtened up" on the appropriate uses for reg fees . 

The Student Lobby is making thi. request because 
of " the blatant abuse of off-floating other campus 
budgets to reg fees," said AS President Carlos 
Montalvo. One chancellor, he said, used reg fees to 
p,ay for the ~raduation ceremonies, an example of 
'off-floating. 

However, he continued, university official. "abot 
this idea down because they said it i. too hard to plan 
budgets in less than three yean." 

According to Shontz, UC San Francisco, a 
medical school, was the only campua where the 
administration did not propose an increase in its reg 
fee, which is currently $393 per year. 

over the next three years. 
Saxon wiIJ propose the fee increases to the Regents 

Thursday. 
According to Saxon's item, the proposed fee 

increases would be phased in over a three-year period 
as follows : 1980·81 , $429 ($143 per quarter); 

The nine percent increase in the systemwide reg 
fee "ceiling" was propo~ to cover inflation for the 

The largest increase proposed was at UC Davi., 
which now charges $372 a year and has requested 
an increased fee of $519, Shontz said. 

Please turn to "age 16 

Deportation Delayed 
F or Iranian Violators 

WASHINGTON (AP)-
Deportation of Iranian 
students who are in the United 
States illegally will not begin 
until December at the earliest, 
a Justice Department official 
said yesterday. 

"We are certainly not going 
to see any actual deportations 
within the month," said the 
official, wh'o reque.'ted 
anonymity. "It will take a little 
longer than that." 

Apparently hoping to 
dampen Ira nian student 
demostrations out of fear for 
the safety of 60 American 
hostages in Iran, President 
Carter order. the Justice 
De partme.nt • Saturday to 
deport Iranian students who 
have violated the terms of their 
entry visas. 

The Justice Department 
official said the 50,000 
Iranian students in the United 
States will be asked to register 
either in immigration offices or 
on college campuses. 

The official said there were 
several ways a student could 
violate terms of his or her entry 
visa and thus be here illegally: 

- If a person is no longer in 
school; 

- If a visa has expired; 

- If a . student is working 
without permission; 

- If a student is not taking 
a full course load or is not in 
good academic standing; 

- If a student has been 
convicted of a crime of 
violence and has been 
sentenced to a prison term of 
at least a year. ' 

(UCSD has over 50 Iranian 
students registered on 
cam~us.) 

(The Iranian Mo. lem 
Students Association, which 
represents most of them, has 
made no formal plans for any 
campus protest or demon-
stration, though it did play a 
part in last week's aborted 
downtown anti-shah rally.) 

(Beginning ·Iast spring, 
UCSD is required to examine 
the status of each 'Iranian 
student to determine eligibility 
for continued residence in the 
US.) . 

If there is no appeal, the 
immigration judge will set a 
date by which the student must 
leave the country - usually 
between a few hours and 30 
days. The United States pays 
for the deportation if the 
student does not have the 
money to leave. 

c...... __ ." 1IIic'-1 LicIIIer 

The need to show better alternatives 
was stresled at the anti-nude .. rally held 
north of the San Onofre power plant 
Saturday. Dr. Barry Commoner and Tom 
Hayden spoke to 2,500. See story p.S. 

Funds Raised for 
Lawsuit Against 
North City West 

Close to 500 of San Diego'. wealthie.t North 
City Welt opponents attended a Saturday night 
invitation-only gambling party. Held by the Del 
Mar baaed Coalition for Relponaible Plaming, 
the fund·rai.er contributed approximately 
$15,000 toward the group'. law luit against 
North City West. 

The party was held at the "Del Mar Castle," 
where leveral decadel ago city officiall were 
arrested for illegal gambling. Saturday, however, 
participants played for chipa ~, along with the 
COlt of drinkl and $20 per penon entrance COlts, 
boosted the coalition'. budget. 

At right, Bill Mitchell, this di.trict'. city 
councilmal'l and a North City Welt opponent, and 
La Jolla Rev. Terry Cole Whittaker. . 

I 

Helicopter Landed by Uni Hospital 
University HOIptial officials secured backing 

for their proposed helicopter ambulance from 
state health planning representatives here last 
Friday. 

Originally doubtful of getting state support, 
Associate Director of Univeraity HOSpital Mike 
Stringer .aid yesterday that "Friday s meeting 

was positive for all concerned." 
The outcome of the meeting was crucial to 

hospital officials because state support of the 
plan will considerably strengthen its chances of 
endorsement at tomorrow's final hearing in San 
Diero, Stringer said. 

I proponents of the plan meet with succelS at 
tomorrow's hearing, the ambulatory service wiD 
begin an "18 month trial period," a stipulation 
made by the state when they granted their 
app'rovaJ. 

'Since the project is so new, we agree with the 
state that its ultimate fealibility and cost-
effectiveness must be evaluated," Stringer said. 
Check. will be made at quarterly pointa during 
the trial period to "alsure us we're meeting our 
mileatones ," he concluded. 

Please rum to poge 7 

) 



2 

Letters to the Editor 

Prop A Not Just Words 
Editor: 

In your article you 
described the sole accomplish. 
ment of San Diego ' s 
P':oposition A all being the 
chan~e of the word 
"counobnan" to the worda 
"council member." This was 
not the key iuue. 

contribute'! His can happen 
and has happened in another 
county. the cmployee was 
fired , went to court and won. 
Let ' s hope San Diego 
employee. will have the 
courage to fil(ht off any 
unwanted solicitations and 
then have the meanll to do 
something about it if the 
neceasity arises. 

I am Saddened at the votera' 
ignorance and apathy and 
hope you will print this letter so 
they can see what their votes 
really accompli.hed. 

CAROL BURCHARD 

The Daily Guardian lIoDday, November 18, 1879 

Please realize that by the 
passage of this proposition the 
voters have given a veritable 
rubberstamp of approval to 
the mayor to appoint any 
person he wants to fill a 
vacancy on the City Council. 
By defeating thi. proposition 
the voters would have voic;d 
their desire to elect a penon of 
their choice to the council. 

The passage of proposition 
. C permit. any person in the 

admini.trative service of the 
city to give, solicit and receive 

. contributions for any political 
plIrpOSt! from any other city 
offiCer, employee or person. 

Callous Guardian Should Get No AS Ads 

What happena when a city 
employee refuse. to 

Editor:_ 
This letter is in response to 

your Nov. 8 article concerning 
the Nov. 7 Associated 
Students · meeting. That 
article, concerning the AS 

vote to establish an advertising 
account of $10,000 with your 
paper should certain 
conditions be met, was 
severely rniareported. 

Carter Is Pro-Nuke 
Contrary to the consistent 

statement. printed in your 
paper, few council members 
wished to discontinue 
advertising in ' your paper 
because of your editorial 
policy and coverage of the AS. 
Rather, debate centered on the 
effectiveneu of Daily 
Guardian advertising , the 
paper's responsiveness to the 
student body and related 
ilSUel. 

Editor: 
To M.N. Plano ("Carter 

Getting a Bum Rap," Nov. 7): 
Yes, the no-nuke people can 
be the onet who hate President 
Carter. I advise you to look at 
Carter'l entire record on an 
ilSUe before you state a Carter 
accompliahment on it. 

You lay Carter killed the 
Clinch River breeder reactor. 
1be lalt I heard, the House 
had thrown it into a 1980 
appropriations bill. True, 
Carter wants to kill it, but so 
does much of the pro.breeder 
faction. Other and better 
breeder technolo.£ies have 
been developed. The Carter 
administration supports these 
technologies. The anti·nuke 
people, at least the lobbyists in 
Washington, feel betrayed. 

You also imply that anti· 
nuke people should be happy 
with Carter's break.up of the 
old Atomic Energy Commis· 
sion. Yet now we have a very 
. pro-nuclear Department of 
Energy. 

And many Washington 
solar enthusiasts aren't 
looking for much from the 
Solar Development Bank you 
so proudly mentioned. 

You attempted two tasks in 
your opinion piece: to argue 
against wishes for a romance 
figure as president and to tell 
us of Carter accomplishments. 
If I did not already agree with 
yOur reasons for the former 
task, I may have looked at it 
more closely because of the 
lack of credibility in your 
discUl'sion of Carter actions. 

DOROTHY HOUSTON 

This' year your paper has 
showed a flagrant lack of 
responsibility in advertising by 
carrying ads for the Marines, 
Coors and other military 
organizations as well a. your 

Student Barred; Now 
Faculty Lounge Empty 
Editor: 

Many times throughout the fall quarter I've frequented the 
faculty lounge on the fifth floor of the HSS building. The room 
abounds in comfortable seating and, with the afternoon sunlight 
filtering through the windows, offers an ideal atmosphere for 
study. Every time I've visited the room. I've been the sole ' 
utilizer. It was nice having my own domain where nobody 
disrupted my concentration. But it seems my kingdom has fallen 
because on Nov. 6 jUdgement feU. Three women, presumably 
secretaries or some other "authority", felt it their duty to expel 
me because my name wasn't "Professor John Doe". I thought 
this university prided itself in having good student· teacher 
relationships. I found it quite disturbing that I was ousted from 
the area when I was no disturbance to anyone. I also don't 
understand why university money was spent on a room that 
never seems to be used. 

TONY ROSSI 

sexist D~ Equis centerfold . In 
addition, your coverage of 
such events as the "Miss San 
Diego" contest and similar 
articles certainJy do little to 
dispel the sexism that is all too 
prevalent in our society. 

Over this year, indeed, over 
the entire history of your 
paper, you have shown a 
callousneu to student. and 
others working toward. 
meaningful social change, ' a 
refusal to cover the 
substantive. issues that 
aonfront our society, a 
commitment to the coverage 
of triviality over substance, a 
refusal to exercise any social 
responsibility ' that indeed 
sickens me. 

In view of this it is indeed 
sad that the AS voted to ignore 
these realities · and fund your 

paper the $10,000. Justasitis 
a political decision to take ads 
from the CIA, from Coors, 
from the Marines and from 
sexist advertisers, so it is a 
highly political decision to 
choose to support, through 
advertising dollars, a 
publication that chooses to use 
its pages in this way. 

I am proud to have voted 
against this. allocation. I only 
wish that the reasons (stated at 
)ength in council meetings and 
to your reporter) that I, and 
others, opposed this bill could 
ha ve been reported and that 
your paper would engage in 
more responsible activities in 
the future. 

JON BEKKEN 
Commissioner of Student 

Affairs 

The Daily- Guardian 

Eric Ja,e 
t.dtlut'" 

Jeff a. ... ofonl-Ito_ 
Nnrl [dllor 

KoIhy Huff .. 
John Ito ........ 

John Klock 
up, ".Alll" 

John H. Tay .... 
0p0 .... 1::.do'" 

JonCaob 
~. tAlof .. 

Hon-y Tolen 
<N .. 'f"," Milrutttt"" 

L-.. .. c:....-. _ __ 

'fhl! /)ni/y Guardian is 
publilihed Mo nday through 
Frida y during the regula r 
s(;hool year by studentli at the 
University of California, San 
Diego. Offices are lo(;a ted on 
the first floor of the student 
cent e r. Ma ilin g add ress : 
Stude nt Ce nter (B026). 
UCSD UI Jolla, CA ., 92093. 
Th e IJ /1 if y Guo r cI i (/ n 
subscribes to the AsSOt:iated 
Press, the Lo~ Angeles Times 
Syndicate and Pa(;ific News 
Service. 

For new", call 452-3466. 

CaIPIRG: Sale. Technique •• Parlll 

Obligating You Keeps You From Backing (Jut 
By Nina Mac:UJnne1 

Once 8' salesperson has gotten you to sign on the 
dolled line he feel( that your ';ommiuion can be 
counted on arxt, )Vants to make sure you don't COl'114:! 
back and c~ange r our mind. Here ar~ some ways 
salespeople keep you frOm back·'18 out. 

This is the second of tw 'parts. Nina MacConnel, 
who wrote this article (or Cal PIRG, compiled her 
information on sales rechniques from "Big League 
Sales Closing Techniques" by Less Dane and 
"EffectiVe Selling rhrough Psychology" by 
Buzzotta. 

First, they are advised to complete all the paper 
work foUowing a sale as lOOn aa possible, deliver the 
goods and collect payment. Before the money ia paid 
and the goods delivered, they know con.umer. may 
sometimes try to back out. If you seem at all hesitant 
when you sign the line, however, they might make a 
point of cashing your check immediatdy to prevent 

you from stopping payment. 
If they cannot immediately deliver whatever you 

bought they might try to give you a "dummy" 
delivery. For example, they could loan you the 
comrany car while you are waiting for yours to 
arrive. The key, explains one book, is to obligate the 
prospective buyer. "he more the customer tries to 
resist the offer, the harder the salesperson is likely to 
inlli.t, fearing your hesitancy to be a sign of a future 

·backout. 
Obligating you il the goal. Anothel way to 

obligate.. you is to "go with you." For example, if a 
salespersQn has sold you life insurance. he miRht 
oUer to take you to the doctor's office, a necessary 
reqUirement to complete the deal. 

Once a major sale is made or agreed ,n, it i. 
typical for a salesperson to inform the secretary that 
he is out of the office if you call any time in the next 
couple of days. If you are more aggressive and leave 
a measqe saying theat he .hould hold aD the paperl, 

or that you cannot go through with the sale, most 
likely the salesperson wiD claim he never received 
your message. 

If you actually reach him and say that you have 
changed your mind, he won't make it eaay for you; he 
knowl you are going to be une8ay. about saine aspect 
of backing out. ("Is it legal?" '"WillI get my money 
back?") 

A contract should be entered into with the idea that 
it is legal and binding, but in certain instances it can 
be broken. On door-to-door aaIea, hearing aids, 
medi-care supplemental ' insurance policies and 
contracts where your home is used as collateral, there 
are cooling-off perioas that allow you to.break the 
contract within a certain period 01 time. Other times 
contracts may be broken are cues of illegal contracts 
- if fraud or miirepresentation _a involved -
insanity, intoxication, aicImeu or senility, a minor 
who sigN a contract for lu,xury items, threats or 

Monday, November 12,1979 The Daily Guardian 3 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
[iNTERNATIONAL I I NATIONAL II STATE 
Beirut Embassy Mob More Anti-Khomeini Medi-Cal Scam Trial 

BEIRUT - Iranian students chanting "Death to 
the Americans!" scaled a fence and poured into the 
US Embassy garden in Beirut, Lebanon yesterday in 
support of the 8-day·old . embassy takeover in 
Tehran. Iran's new foreign affairs chief declared 
there would be "no compromise, no negotiation" to 
free the Tehran hostages. 

It was believed that behind·the·scenes talks 
continued in the Iranian capital, however, with the 
Palestine Liberation Organization and Moslem 
diplomats as mediators. One Arab report said 
hostages might be freed by today, though an Iranian 
official said he saw no "omen" that this would 
happen. 

The anti·American fervor in Tehran was 
unabated. 

Some 200 uniformed air force men joined the 
thousands of Iranian protesters yesterday who have 
flocked to the US Embassy each day since a mob of 
student militants seized it and about 100 American 
and other hostages Nov. 4. The airmen demanded 
that all ties with the United States be cut and all 
foreign capital be expropriated. 

About 40 Iranians invaded the Beirut embassy 
garden, burned an American flag and chanted 
slogans for about two hours until Syrian 
peacekeeping troops, swinging clubs, routed them in . 
a bloody melee. 

Arab Mayor Jailed 
JERUSALEM - The Israeli army _ yesterday 

jailed without charge the Arab mayor of Nablus, an 
influential Palestinian leader opposed to Israel's 
settlement policy and limited autonomy plans in the 
West Bank of the Jordan River . 

the arrest of Mayor Bassam Shakaa, pending 
legal procedures to deport him, touched off angry 
protests in the We.t Bank. 

In another development likely to heighten tension 
in the occupied territories, the Illraelie Cabinet 
adopted a seneral policy decision calling for more 
Jewish settlements and the enlargement of existing 
outposts in the West Bank, Gaza Strip and the Syrian 
Golan Heights. A Cabinet committee was left to 
work out details and no number was set for new 
settlements. 

WASHINGTON - Despite pleas for calm from 
President Carter and other officials and prohibitions 
against parades, the seizure of the US Embassy in 
Iran sparked more demonstrations yesterday in the 
United States. 

In Washington, between 150 and 200 people, 
mostly young and apparently students from capital. 
area coUeges, gathered in a steady, chilly rain outside 
the Islamic Center and marched near the Iranian 
Embassy. 

One group of protesters across the street from the 
center set fire to an Iranian flag. That broughteheers 
and chants of "Down with Khomeini" as passing 
motorists honked horns in support. 

"Deport, deport, deport," apparently a reference 
to Iranian students in the US, while a sign held by 
some demonstrators read: " Free Americans or Face 
the Consequences." 

Jordan Fox, pre.ident of the University of 
Maryland student association, said the 
demonstrations was "a student·to·student effort" to 
express American student concern for the 60 
Americans being held hostage by the Iranians. 

Brown: 'Walk, Pray' 
WASHINGTON - Gov. Edmund Brown Jr. 

urged Americans yesterday to walk and pray today 
to show the strength and unity of the American 
people behind our American citizens in Iran. " 

Brown, a candidate for the Democratic 
nomination for president, also said the United States 
should be prepared to live without Iranian oil . And he 
predicted it will be "very difficult" to continue 
diplomatic relations with Iran after the present 
hostage situation is resolved. 

Answering question. on the NBC tdevision 
program, Meet the Press, Brown said the Iranian 
cri.is could be "an opportunity to wake up this nation, 
to recreate in oursdves a spirit of strength and unity." 

Brown refused to criticize President Carter's 
handling of the Iranian situation or to suggest any 
alternatives except his call, which he repeated three 
times in the interview, for a national day of prayer 
and walking. 

SANTA ANA - An attorney for a reputed 
organized crime figure, a Cypress city councilman, 
and a man who claims to be a consultant to State 
Sen. Paul Carpenter are expected to be called before 
a grand iury investigating Dr. Edward Rubin, The 
Orange County Register reported yesterday. 

Dr. Rubin is alleged to have billed taxpayers out of 
$8 million in a Medi·CaI reimbursement scheme 
through a number of medical facilities in Loa Angeles 
and Orange counties. He allegedly operated under 
the corporate baMer of Spectra Health Services, Inc. 

The newspaper said attorney Nicholas Angelo 
Micem; Cyprells city councilman Otto Joseph 
Lacayo; and John Lawrence Kennedy, who says he 
is a consultant on labor mailers for Sen. Carpenter, 
D.Cypress, are expected to be called before the Loa 
Angeles County grand jury conducting the probe. 

The panel is examining allegation. by the Medi· 
Cal fraud unit of the state attorney general'. office 
that clinics and hospitals with purported ties toRubin 
made fraudulent medical reimbursement claim. 
totalling about $8 million from 1975 through March 
21 of this year. 

The alleged fraudulent reimbursement scheme 
involved kickback. to administrators and doctors, 
administering unnecessary medical treatment to 
unsuspecting patients, and paying "bounties" for 
people brought in off the street to be admitted as 
patients. 

Fight Halts Concert 
LOS ANGELES - Police shut down a rock 

concert attended by 15,000 persons in McArthur 
Park this weekend after fighting broke out among 
some black and Hispanic youths. 

Two of the 65 police officers who moved in to ltop 
the fighting were injured Saturday after the crowd 
began throwing bottles, said police Sgt. Ken Espiau. 

One youth was arrested for inveltigation of 
kidnapping a I5-year·old girl, he said. She was 
reportedly stripped of her clothing a. a group of 
young men tried to take her from the rark. 

Two other girls, ages 13 and 16, told police at 
the concert they had jUlt e.caped from a man 
who had kidnapped them T ueaday from a bus 
depot. 

COTJ.EGE STUDENT SPECIAL EYE GLASSES/CONTACT LENSES Apartment or House Cleaned - Lowest Prices in Town l 
APARTMENT: 

Studio .. ... . ........ .. . .. .......... .. .. . $1 2.50 
1 Bedroom ...... . ..... ... ..... . .... .. ... $1 5.50 
2 Bedroom .... . .. . •. . ... .. .... . . ... .. ... $20.50 

REGULAR HOUSES ..... . ... . . ... .. . .. .. .. $26.50 
This ?ISO includes a FREE carpet shampoo 

CALL: J . Saks Cleaners at 273-1 066. 
COLLEGE ID REQUIRED 

Been running from 

STATISTICS? 
OASIS 

. CAN 
HELP I 

Come learn how to 
suooeed in Btat1at1os. 

TuAf1dE\y, November 13 
7-10 pm, USB 3010 

This workshop is espeo1&1ly 
ft)r Social Soienoe and 
Huma.n1tles ~ora who 
dread dMl1ng with numbers. 

Student Special 
Helena Rublnsteln 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
$99 pair or 2 pair $139 

or PIerre Cardin 
Glasses 

Regular S89.95 list 
plus 'free' slylish Jlmless designed sunglasses 

$39.95 value included frfle with your contael purchase 

~5O'I.1o ~ 
$49.95 complete ~ 

PIo!8SIIonor services not Included. 
Dr. Alan H. leventtlal. 0 .0. 

A pro(eSIionoI corp. . 

:B'ACKJ?'J(CKINQ IN OH'E 

San GorgonW WilJerness 
8EGII~lERS WELCOME 

(Open to ,11 students, facultY t suff) 

$20 
lM:lwdes tf."s~rtatlon, Sit. l unch, SIlPPef'. 

sUn. b"" UU l . l""ch. tfllU .~ cookt ... "",r. 
SI", up in tho Ree G,.. OffiCI 

Otpt~~ ~~p:.c.tton [!.RIP #4 

NORTH COUNTY 
Medical Denial Center 

9855 Erma Rood. Suite 107 
1·15 & Miro Meso Rood Exit 566-9900 ___ 

SPECIAL 
INTRODUCTORY 
OFFER-------' 

TT£IC], the newest addition to 
our growing sto.{f, offers two 
precision sryle cuts for the 
price of one! 
Call today [0 make an 
appointment for 1OU'rSelf and 
a friend! 

Huntridge---. 
Hairstyles 
Located in the 
Summc House Inn 
alIA }oll4 Shores 
- jMst minuces !rom campus/ 
454-0785----' 



4 

. NUClEAR !hI. 
rvrrER 

Hayden, Commoner 
Tell Dangers of 
Anti-Nuke Victory 

By Mark Stadler "to initiate a proceeding ... for 
Special to the Guardian the purpose of suspending or 
The American anti-nuclear revoking the operating license 

movement is on the "verge of for the 5an Onofre" Unit One 
victory," Dr. Barry plant. 
Commoner told a cheering The NRC should take this 
crowd Saturday at a rally Gction, the petition reads, 

~Jainst the San Onofre because Unit One may not be 
Nuclear Genefll~ Station. safe in an earthquake. In 

And, because of this addition, the San Ono&e 
impending victory in the battle evacuation plan in the event of 
qainst nuclear power, ~ an accident is inadequate, 
anti-nuclear movement must petition backers say. 
now start preparing for the The Stop San Onofre 
futUre, Commoner said. coalition hopei to have 

"We've got to start thinking 10,000 people send the NRC 
about the retpOnJibility of a signed copies 01 the petition 
winner," Conmoller told the , requests, according to San 
crowd gathered at Doheny ( Diego attorney Corky 
State Beach, 10 miles north of I Wharton. 
the San Onofre plant_ "If you're serious about the 

''We have to show the nuclear movement, this il one 
people there are better ways of thing you can do," Wharton 
powering this country than said. 
nuclear power_ We've got to While coalition members 
introduce forms of energy that hope to pressure the NRC into 
won't ,. destroy the . environ- shuttinll down 5an Onofre 
ment," ' the noted ecologist Unit One, the regulatory 
said. commiuion itself has at least 

Commoner and social temporarily postponed 
activist Tom Hayden were the licensing hea rings for 
featured speakers at the rally, ~roposed Units Two and 

~nlOred by the Coalition to Three. 
Stop San Onofre. The The postponement carne 
coalition includes such groups last week when the NRC 
as the Community Energy announced it is extending at 
Action NetWork, Greenpeace least until spring its freeze on 
and CalPIRG. new nuclear power plants. The 

Representatives of more ban was originally instituted in 
than 10 anti-nuclear and the wake of the March 28 
environmentalist groupalpOke accident at Three Mae Island. 
at the three-hour rally, which The embattled nuclear 
also featured music by several indUitry is alao under fire from 
bands. . both the government!. Three 

The crowd of 2,500 w" Mae Island Commiuion and 
considerably amaIIi!r than the the financial establishment, 
7 to 10 thouaandexpected. Commoner told his listener •. 

The PUrpole behind the The Three Mile Island 
gathering was to launch a Report said "nuclear power is 
petition drive desiQneC! to force in her e n t I y d a '!B e ro us, " 
the Nuclear Regulatory Commoner said. "The present 
Commiuion to recOOlider the Iystem to control it i. 
San Onofre operating license_ dangerous and they know of 

Speakers asked the people no way to control it." 
in the crowd to sign the In addition, Commoner 
petitions, which uk the NRC said, the nuclear industry's 

The Daily Guardian MoDeley, November 12,1979 

BaITY Commoner (above) and 
Tom Hayden (addrelling crowd 
below) highlighted Saturday'. anti-
nuclear power rally at Doheney State 
Beach, seven mile. from the San 
Onofre Power Plant. Guardian 
photos by Michael Lichter and Stan 
Honda. 

"own show that 
nuclear planb on the average 
produc:e electricity 20 percent 
mOre coltly thah coal-powered 
plants. In other "'~; -it 
doesn't work." 

The nation's finanical 
establishment is finding it to be 
"economic insanity" to invest 
in nuclear plants, he said. 

Hayden, founder 01 the 
Campaign for Economic 

Dem~cracy, was lI)ore 
pellimistic than Commoner. 

While agreeing with 
Commoner that victory in the 

anti-nuclear movement may 
be imminent, Hay&n warned 
that southern ,aJifomians 
cannot -continue 10 wute 
energy- thiey have in the 
past_ 

"We have to change our 
Standard of !ivinJ.," Hayden 
said. ''This doesn t mean that 
things wiD get wane, they'l get 
better ... because we wiD be 
living in a culture we control." 

California is "living on the 
edge of a serious energy 
problem," he said_ While the 
Brown Administration hu not 

i5roVed any new tsinrecentyears,nos~ ve been taken to devdb; 
replacement energy sources, 
he Aid. . 

If California .uffers .... 
energy crisia in the near fu~ 
antj-nucIear activists will beat 
the brunt of the blame for it. 
Har.Jen said. 

'It would be a rOistake to 
think that we can relax for • 
moment," he said. "We are in 
a very dangerous situation 
now, much like the lituation in 

P __ 111m ID ,.,. 16 

ANNOUNCING ... 
Carnegie A-440/ UCSD 

HAPPY HOVRS 

12" Cheese Pizza 
PLUS 

60 oz. pitcher 
0/ draft beer 

* or Coca-Cola 

$5 95 (reg $8.15) 
Mon-Fri · 4:30 p .. -7:tIfI p .. 

·Plenty for four! 

UCSD Student ID 
Required 

"world's most 
unique pizza" 

2212 Carmel Valley Road. Del Mar. 755-6778 



Chancellor Search 
Committee Questionnaire 

Please return questionnaire to: 
Intercampus mail-&o23, Student Center 

E.D.N.A. 
A.S. Office or individual college Provost Offices 

r---------------------------------------, I WHA T WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE IN A CHANCELLOR? I 
: The undergraduate student chancellor search committee is in the process of I 
I reviewing applications for the position of Chancellor at the University of I 
I California San Diego. Input from the undergraduate student population is vital : 
I with regards to specific qualifications and needs that they would like the new I 
I Chancellor to address. The following is a questionnaire that the Chancellor 
I Search Committee has developed for assistance in rrtaking sure that the student 
I concerns are dealt with. It is important that you express your concerns. Please fill 

out this questionnaire and drop it off at any of the designated areas. 
01. In what orckr or prioritization would you place the following qualities for the 
new VCSD' Chancellor? 

Academic qualifications 
Administrative qualities 
Affirmative Action Commilment 
Convnunity Leadership 
Concern for Student Undergraduate Education 
Funding source expertise 

• Research orientation 
Concern for reputation of UCSD as a superior academic institution. Other __________________ ~ __________________ __ 

02. At this time, undergraduate and graduate student represenratives are ex-
officio members 0/ the President's Joint Search Committee (which includes 
Regents and Faculty members). Therefore, they have no voting privileges, and 
have only an advisory role. Should students have a formal vote in the chancellor 
selection process? 

YES NO 
Please state reasons why or why not ___ '--__ --,.--________________ ~ 

03. What student services would you like to see the new Chancellor support at 
VCSD? 
(Please prioritize) 

Academic credit for student internships 
Commitment to m-ing students closer to the community 
Better transportation and bus sert/ice 
Improved Health Insurance 
Interdisciplinary studies 
Low-cost housing around the University 
More child care 
Student participation in the tenure process 
Support of the Central University System I 
Support of the College System 
Other ______________________________ ~ __________ ___ 

04. What current or future problems must the new Chancellor be able to deal 
with? ____________________________________________ _ 

05. Do you have any suggestions for the students on the Chancellor Search Committee? ________________________ _ 

.. 

CHANCELLOR SEARCH COMMITTEE 
Carlos Montalvo-AS President 
David Bisbee-SAAC Representative 
Vince deBaca-Third College Representative 
Cheryl Dunnett-Muir College Representative 
Ed Lazarus-Revelle College Representative 
Dick Semerdjian-Warren College Representative 

Thank you tor your input. You can be assured that the Chancellor Search 
Committee wit use all valuable comments in order to represent the undergraduate 
students of VCSD. If you have any questions, or would like to discuss specific 
qualifications, feel free to contact the members of the Chancellor Search 
Committee anytime. Meetings are on Monday at 4:00 pm in the North Conference 

Room of the Student Center Complex. 
You can contact individual members of the committee through the A.S. Office 

at 452-4450, or the individual college Provost's Offices. 

GET INVOLVED! L. ______________________________________ ~ 

put the worry about 
exams behind you-

come find out 

'" ) I HOW TO STUDY ~ FOR FINALS 
Wednesday, November 14 
7 pm-B pm, H&SS 1330 

LOCAL FILM ART 
JIOV.18 lWV.19 NOV.a6 

A Ihowcale oI .......... 1Ia1 Cinema 
at .. 

~.....-n:~ 
~ eo. St .. F\acIIIc Bloch. 48&-3303 

$2.00 
"---"'--' Opening Beoept1on 

KondaN, November 12 
7:00pm 
__ •• v · 

_TY AllTI. ~. AM COIICIII1: .. ,n 

___ II ~ ""'.... CI" ...... .." c..-. .. .... 
........ II'C. ............. = .............. ... 

""' ........ 
....... 1 ...... 1 
7 ..... 

.......1OodIr 
~1'IIIIIIc:II*. 
~ 
L.-.a~ 
-- ""*. 

!edl"""" 
""..,oag-

~-DIMI __ 
...... Mari'O 0 waop 
II1"'II ...... 

U'IdoHINY 
." I .lIlr 

~ .. ~. 

JaMo.rw.hr 
.,.,.",~ 

~IW' 
.uan .......... -., 

~,... 

NII~ 
-....-"'. 

PANEL DEMONSTRATION 
Tuesda~. Nooember 13th, 7 :)0 pm 

Mary Sun 0/ rfw, Sea Catholic Church, PARISH 
HALL 
77~7 Girard Awnue, La Jolla 
Non.pro/ir--Non Sectarian 

HOW TO COPE 

Rec:cwery, Inc. is a national, non·PTo/it ()f,l(anitation 
dedicated /0 helping poople, "., teaching tlwm /O ·heip 
therrueltleS. The concept 0/ self-help is basic to its 
sln4Clure. Rerowry group meetings dcnorutrate methodJ 
fur handling s!ms, Imsion, depression, remper, 
resenllTU.'IIU, nerWlls symplOTIlS m.::h a5 free {loalin,l( 
anxieties, /WTS, ob5<ssions and the tritlialities of 
etIt..,.,day II/e. A Rl'l.'Ot't!ry panel "'ill PTOtiidea piclureof 
Ihe " 'ay the method "oorks. 

Brin/! II friend and sec iullJ.' one can control-
"THOUGHTS, IMPULSES, AND MUSCLES." 

One hour /JTcseTllcllion 
Dis.:ussion ... ·ill f .. llou, 

NO FEES 

JIondQ. Ncwember 11. 1..,. 

Causes, Treatments of 
Head Injuries Studied 

By Steve Walsh 
Dr. Lawrence Marshall, a 

neurosurgeon at the UCSD 
School of Medicine, has 
received $1.7 million in grants 
from the federal government 
to lead a study of caU5ell and 
treatments of head injury. 

Marshall, along with 
Assistant Professor of Surgery 
Randall Smith and Senior 
Nurse Coordinator Sharon ' 

Bow~rs, will establish a 
national data bank on 
traumatic coma, and direct the 
development of procedures to 
'improve head injury care in 
San Diego and Imperial 
Counties. 

Marshall noted that there 
are 70,000 head fatalities per 
year in this COWltry. One 
million Americans undergo 
hospitalization for head injury 
each year, accOWlting for 8 
percent of total hospital 
admissions and one·fifth of 
total national health spending. 

In order to improve these 
statistics, the National 
Institute of Neurological and 
Communicative Disorders and 
Stroke has awarded the UCSD 
researchers a $400,000 grant 
for a period of three yean for 
the establishment and 
operation of the data bank on 
trawnatic coma. 

This data bank, says 
Marshall, will be a repository 
01 infonnation on about 1000 
head injury patients 
throughout the coyntry, along 
with ~,. infQl'Jl1Cltion on 

patients from three other areas 
of the country: Richmond, Va; 
Charlottesville, NC; and 
Houston, T eXai. 

Though officially begun 
June 1, the project is still being 
organized, says Marshall, who 
expects it to be operating by ' 
Jan. 1, 1980. 

Neurologists participating 
in the program will use the 
terminals in their own medical' 
facilities to teletype the data 
for each case to Stanford 
University, where it will be 
analyzed at the computer 
center. 

Marshall says by 1983 the 
data bank will be a 
"computerized textbook" 
which neurosurgeon. can 
consult when needing help in 
deciding diagnosis and 
treabnenl. Another goal of the 
project, _he says, will be to aid 
in prognosis. 

Marshall pinpoints motor 
vehicle accidents as the 
number one cause .. 
accounting for 70 percent·· of 
traumatic coma. 

. The second project, 
development of improved 
head injury care in San Diego 
and Imperial Counties, will 
operate on a $1.3 million 
budget for the next three 
years, Marshall says. 

This project will organize 
lOme of the hospitals in the 
community which have 
advanced or specialized 
neurosurgical capabilities into 
a network of head injury 

treatment centers. That, he 
says, will insure aU head injury 
victims are admitted to the 
hospital most capable of 
handling their injuries. 

However, Marshall says the 
local hospitals oppose the 
project; they do not want 
restrictions on their doctors. 
Also, he says, they fear this 
differentiation C9uld spread to 
other types of surgery. 

Marshall hopes to "identify 
the leading causes of head 
injuries in this community, and 
then take the necessary steps .. 
through education and 
legislation .. to prevent them 
from occurring." If the project 
is successful here, he says, it 

. can then be adapted for 
implementation in other areas 
of the country. 

A large part of the project 
will involve the use of a 
barbiturate therapy developed 
by Marshall and Dr. Harvey 
Shapiro, also of UCSD, for 
coma victims. 

This lessens his need for 
blood and decreases the 
pressure on the brain, 
according to Marshall. 

Marshall noted that one· 
half of all non· instantaneous 
head injury fatalities are the 
result of "uncontrolled 
pressure of the brain." The 
more brain activity there is, he 
explains, the more blood a 
person's brain needs which 
means more pressure . 

WE'VE CUT 
THE PRICE OF 

CORDSI 

SIIE UP TO $3.00 
Top ArtIsts! Malor Labels! 

11_,., .... ,. lI.rel CI .... cs lacladedl 
eo .... Earl,. for Beat Selectl ••• 

7 

Uni Hospital Lands 
Helicopter Ambulance 

('on/inul'd from Pcrlll' I 
Figures indicate that the helicopter service, which would 

serve San Diego and Imperial counties with fint aid and life· 
saving care, could save more than 30 lives in ill first year of 
operation. Responding to calls within three minutes, the 
emergency care service would also transport patients to the 
nearest hospital with landing facilities. 

Those who back the proposed service cite difficult road 
access to outlying rural areas, forcing lOme patients to wait 
up to two hours for an ambulance, as demonstrative of San 
Diego's need for the helicopter. 

By Jenifer Warren 

MOM Ripped Off 
Ninety five dollars 

disappeared from "Middle of 
Muir" sometime this weekend, 
a desk assistant there reported 
yesterday. 

Steve Hoisch reported that 

a cash box was gone when he 
came into work Saturday at 
noon. Left untouched, he said, 
were a color television, an 
IBM typewriter and other cash 
boxes. 

Discovery Hall Residents 
Bum Iranian Flag Friday 

Several students from Discovery Hall gathered on ReveUe 
Plaza Friday afternoon to bum an Iranian flag made from a 
pillowcase. 

There were no protests 8jlainst the burning, and a 
spokesman for the seven or eight people who put it together 
said some people clapped as they went by. 

John Beckley said that he and his suitemates "were 
concerned about what's happening ... we thought we'd show 
our disapproval by burning the flag," 

Though Beckley puts forth no particular solution to the 
Iranian problem - "At first I thought we should have gone in 
and used military force. Now I gue .. sending diplomats is the 
best idea" - he says what's happening in Iran is obviously a 
"touchy situation." 

Campus police say flag burning is legal as long as it doesn't 
endanger university property. 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Begins November 12 

Get Yoar Favorlt .. !It ... ,Dlseoaats! 



8 

Services/W orkshops 

MONDAY PRE-INTERVIEW MEETINGS. Inllide information and 
tips on Humanities & Soc.ial Sciences recruiterli, led by the Hwnanities & 
Social Sciences Career adviaer, 3:00 - 4:00pm each Monda~ of recruiting 
season, at Career Planning & Placement, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

9 :00-4:30 pm - On Campus Interview with Magnovox Research Labs. 
Sign up in Career Planning, Student Center,Bldg. B_ 

1:00 -4:00 pm - "Job Market Review".Greatopportunites for students 
getting degrees in Chemistry or Biology. North Conference Room. 
TIJESDAY 

9 :00 - 10:00 am - Graduate/Professional School Advising Sessions. 
Informal advising meetings, Bldg. B,Student Center Career Planning & 
Placement. 

9:00 - 12:00 am - On-campus Interviews with UCLA Environmental 
Sciences and Engineering Program. Sign up in Career Planning, Student 
Center, Bldg_ B. 

9:00 - 4:30 pm - On-Campus Interviews with Clorox. Sign up in Career 
Plaming, Student Center, Bldi-_ B. 

10:00 - 11:00 am - RESUME CRITIQUE & JOB SEARCH 
ADVISING SESSIONS for Humanities & Social Sciences majors. 
Review, brainstorm and develop your personal job strategies. Bldg. B, 
Student Center. 

10:00 - noon - Cru:eer Hours for Physical and Engineering Sciences 
majorl are available on a drop-in basis to help with your career and job-
hunting concerns. Come by al any time convenient to you. 6205 Urey Hall. 

12:00 - 1:00 pm - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings for Hwnanities and Social 
Sciences Students 10 explore occupational possibilities. Muir College Conf. 
Room (Old Fishbowl). 

1:00 - 3:00 pm - Career Hours for Physical and Engineering Sciences 
majors are available on a drop-in basis to help with your career and job-
hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to you. 2132 Urey Hall. 

7:30 pm - San Diego Mediliation Club sponsors guesl lecturer Dr. 
Frederick Lenz, author of Lifetimes: True Accounts of Reincarnation . 
Actual meditation emphasized, higher experiences guaranteed! HL 1205 
WEDNESDAY 

9:00 - 10:30 am - Do you need help in preparing lor job interviews? 
Some tips on the belt ways to present your qualifications and what kind of 
interview questions to expect. Attend the Job Interviewing Workshop, in 
Student Center, Bldg. B, Career Planning and Placement. NO SIGN-UPS 
NECESSARY. North Conference Room. 

9:00 • 4:30 pm - UC Berkeley Graduate School of Business, On-
Campul. Sign up in Career Planning, Bldg. B, Student Center. 

9:00 - 4:30 j)IT1 - On-Campus Interview with McDonnell Douglas. Sign 
up in Career Plannin([. Student Center, Bldg. B. 

9 :00 - 4:30 pm - On-Campus Interview with GTE Sylvania . Sign up in 
Career Planning, Student Center, BId~ B. 

10:00 - 11:00 am - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal adviaing meetings for Hwnanitie. and Social 
Sciences student. to explore occupational possibi~Iie •. 302 WC, Warren 
Colege. 

1:00 - 4:00 pm - UCSD Carcer Connection Workshop, "Discover 
Your Hidden SkiD, and Connect Them to Possible Occupations." Sign-up 
in the Career Planning & Placement Office, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

The Daily Guardian Monday, November 

2:00 - 3:00 pm - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings for Humanities and Social 
Sciences Studenta to explore occupational possiblilies. Revelle College 
Provotit's Office. 

5:00 pm - WANTED: Asian students to define Asian identity. Who 
are we, why are we here, and where are we going? The an~wer is within us. 
Let us discuss it. .. at the Center for the People , 5:00 pm. Facilitated by Dr. 
Phil RaphaeL 
THURSDAY 

9 :00 - 10:00 am - TEACHER PLACEMENT AND 
EDUCA TIONAL CAREER ADVISING PROGRAM. Educational 
career counseling and advice concerning career objectives, alternative 
careers, supply and demand of educational positions, job-hunting strategies 
and professional problems. Assistance in establishing and maintaining 
placement files to be forwarded to educational institutions. Sponsored by 
Career Planning & Placement, Educational Career Services , Student 
Center. Bldg. B. 

9:00 . 4:30 pm - On-Campus Interviews with Shell Development 
company. Sign up in Physics Department. Student C enter. Bldg. B. 

9:00 - 4:30 pm - On-Campus Interview with Pacific Telephone. Sign 
up in Ca reer Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

On-Campus Interview with Renaissance S ys tems has been 
CANCELLED. 

10:00 - 11:00 am - Attend the JOB STRATEGIES WORKSHOP. It 
will cover the fundamentals of the job search, from identifying employers to 
salary negotiation. Place: International Center. Produced by Career 
Planning & Placement. 

10:00 - 11 :00 am - RESUME CRITIQUING AND JOB HUNTING 
SESSIONS FOR ENGINEERING AND PHYSICAL SCIENCES 
MAJORS. Sponsored by Career Planning & Placement , Engine~ring & 
Physical Sciences Advisor. Bldg . B, Student Center. 

12:00 - 1:00 pm - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings for Humanities and Social 
Sciences Students to explore occupational possibilities_ 412 Third College. 

2:00 - 3:00 - Graduate/Professional School Advising Sessions. 
Informal advising meetings, Bldg . B, Student Center. 

2:00 - 4:00 pm - Career Hours for Physical and Engineering Scie~ces 
majors are available on a drop-in basis to help with your career and j()/)-
hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to y ou. 7431 AP&M. 

3:00 - 4:00 pm - RESUME CRITIQUE & JOB SEARCH 
ADVISING SESSIONS for Humanities & Social Sciences majors. 
Review, brainstorm and develop your personal job strategiesl Bldg. B, 
Student Center. . 

4:00 pm - Come to a free workshop on Advanced Meditation this 
Thursday afternoon and change your life! Sponsored by the San Diego 
Meditation Club of UCSD. workshop conducted by Atma nanda/Dr. 
Frederick Lenz, noted author a nd teacher of Eastern Philosophy. North 
Conference Room, Student center complex. 
FRIDAY 

9:00 - 4:30 pm - On-Campus Interviews with ITT/ Federal Electric 
Corp_ Sign up in Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

9:00 - 4:30 pm - On-Campus Interview with Ford Aero Space Corp. 
Sign up in Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

9 :00 - 4:30 pm - On-Campus Interview with Monteray Institute of 
International Studies. Sign up in career Planning. Student Center, Bldg. B. 

9:00 - 4:30 pm - On-Campus Interview with Linkabit. Sign up in 
Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

10:00 - 11:00 am - GRADUATE/PROFESSIONAL SCHOOL 
ADVISING SESSIONS. Infonnal advising meetings_ Bldg. B, Student 
Center. 

11 :00 - noon - RESUME CRITIQUE & JOB SEARCH ADVISING 
SESSIONS for Humanities & Social Sciences maiors. Review, brainstorm 
and develop your personal job strategies. Bldg. B, Student Center_ 

Sports 

MONDAY 
4:00 - 6:00 pm - Table Tennis Club meeta today. Pleaae join us for 

open play. Starts at 4 pm. Rec . Conference Room, Rec. Gym. 
4:00 - 6:00 pm - Gymnastics Club meets in the South Balcony, Main 

Gym. Ope" Gymnastics. 
5:00 pm - Korean Karate Club meets 4 - 5 pm in the North Balcony, 

Main Gym. Welcomes new members. . 
5:00 - 6:00 pm - Karate Club meets daily, 5 - 6 pm in the North 

Balcony, Main Gym. Duel. 
5 :00 - 7:00 pm - Yoga Club Meeting_ Adaptive Room, Main Gym. 

Dues. 
6:30 -8:00 pm - Aikido Club Practice ae.sion, Wreltling Room, Main 

Gym, 6:30 - 8 pm! 
8:00 fm - Israeli Folk Dance Club meets for dancing ... everyone 

welcome. Rec_ Conference Room, Rec. Gym. 
nJESDAY 

3:30 pm - Women's Field Hockey VI. CSU Fullerton at Fullerton. 
4:30 - 6 :00 pm - Uhimate Fri.bee Oub practices on Revelle Field. 
5 :00 pm - Judo Club meets today in the Wresding Room. 
7:00 pm - Women's Volleyball vs. Chapman College at Chapman 

CoOege. 
7 :00 pm - Tuesday'. Potpourri hOlts a Cooking Workshop (Bread-

making) from 7 -10 pm. This i, weekly workshop for the UCSD community 
CD-llponsored by Warren CoOege_ and Campus Recreation. At New 
Warren Apt. Recreation Center. Sign up at Warren Apt. Mailbox, or call x 
4581. 
WEDNESDAY 

4:00 pm - Lacrosse Club practice today from 4-6 pm, MondaYI, 
Wednesday, Friday •. Meets in front of the Campul Ret. Office. 

4:00 - 5:00 pm - Korean Karate Club meets in the North Balcony, 
Main Gym. New member .. welcome. 

4:00 - 6:00 - Gymnastic, Club meets today, South Balcony, Main 

G~Oo pm _ A Belly DancinB Club is now forming . Please join us for an 
organizational meeting al the Rec. Office. 

7:00 - 8:00 pm - Hawaiian Dance W orkehop. Join us for this lhort 
workshop. Includes background and discussion of modern hula and ba.ic 

Iteps to simple Hawaiian dancing. Location, Weat Balcony. 
7:30 pm - Sailing Club Meeting: Leam about Nov. 17 Sailing Club 

Orientation and upcoming Sailing events. HL 1148. 

THURSDAY . 
4:00 pm - Racquetball Meeting. Thurs_ at 4 pm in Rec . ConI. Room. 

Also , every Thursday night is Club Night at Black Mountain Racquetball 
Club, 9 -11 pm. $2.00. Meet at Urey Hall Mailbox at 8:30 pm for 
carpooling. 

5:00 pm - Ballet Folklorico Club il now forming. If you are interested, 
please come to an organizational meeting at Center for the People, Third 
CoOege. 

8:00 - 10:00 pm - Juggling Oub meets in the Wrestling Room, Main 
Gym. 

FRIDAY 
ALLDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY - Men'a Water PoIo- UC 

Riverside Invitational, at UC River.icle. 
2:00 - 3:00 - Synchronized Swimming Club practice, UCSD pool. 
4:00 - 5:00 pm - Korean Karate Club meets in the North Balcony, 

Main Gym_ New members welcome. 
4:00 - 6 :00 pm - Gymnastics Club, South Balcony. 
4:00 - 6 :00 pm - Table Tennis Club practice, Rec_ Coni. Room. 

SATURDAY 
TBA. Women's Cross Country AlA W National. at Florida State . 
7:00 am - Surfing VI. Golden West College and CSU Long Beach at 

Huntington Beach. 
9:00 am - Women'. Swim All Cal, at UCSD Natatorium. 
10:00 am - 4:00 pm - Sailing Club Orientation to Mission Bay 

Aquatic Center, $5.00, includes basic instructional overview and testing, 
which will then enab~ P.Brticipants to participate in recreational sailing_ Pay 
in advance at Rec. Office. Location, MBAC. 

11:00 am - Men's Cross Country National NAIA Championship at 
Univerlity of Wisconsin. 

1:00 pm - Men's and Women', Fencing VI. SDSU at UCSD Main 
Gym. 

1:00 . 4:00 pm - Karate Workshop with guest lecturer, Hidetaka 
Nilhiyama, in the Main Gym. Cost, $3.00. Sign up in advance at CornPU' 
Ret. Office or at the door. Main Gym. 

SUNDAY 
10:00 am - noon - Synchronized Swimming Club meets today al the 

pool. New memberl welcome. 

Entertainment 
SUNDAY THRU THURSDAY 

8:30 - 11 :00 pm - WHY NOT HERE? Revelle 's own coffee house_ 
Sunday and Thrusday are V.G.'s Nights. Tuesda y is Backgammon 
Tournament Night. Wednesday is Live Entertainment Night featuring 
Multi-talented Nick Pyzow. Every night we offer assorted teas and coffees 
by Pannikan, Jarrows fruit juices, bagles with cream cheese and sub 
sandwiches . Revelle South Dining Hall. 
MONDAY 

5: 30 pm - Interested in a debate on-campu s among 
Kennedy/Carter/Brown representatives? We may invite Gov. Brown to 
~peak. Help us pla n these and other information services for people and the 
nation. UCSD Democrats a nd Progressives; at Wa lk 's Pub, "far from the 
bar". (Near rear door) Location: Walk's Place. 

7:00, 9 :00 & 11 :00 pm - Movie - Barbarella and short titles, Jimmy 
'hI' C, Vicious Cycles. See Jane Fonda in what is destined to be a classic 
BU film. Showtimes are 7:00, 9:00 a nd 11 :00 pm. Admission $1.75_ 

. "·:_ ' ... 1. available at box office or at door. Will be shown in USB 2622. 
EDNESDAY 
8:00 pm - Renaissance vocal and Instrumental Music: Carol 

.111,.,1,.'''"1''' , soprano, Miriam Farrell , Treble viol, Genette Foster, tenor 
, Peter Farrell , bass viol. At the Auditorium . No admission. 

8:00 & 9:30 pm - Kentucky Fried Movie - Finger Licking Good. A 
of numerous comedy sketches. This iilm is a winner - don't 

Guaranteed to make you laugh. Sponsored by Galathea, Meteor, 
_ 1J":"'Ii. '" and Argo, 5th floor, as a fund raiser. Revelle Cafeteria, $ 1.50 . 

y 
4:00 pm - T . .G.I.F. a t URS Dept. Conference Room. 411 Me. 
7:30 pm - Free film: Cha rlie Chaplin in The Gold Rush, and free 

. lOpcom at University Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
- 12:00 pm - Nights Out, sponsored by WHY NOT HERE? 

a night club atmosphere with excellent live entertainment. 
-' ... , v rna complimentary drinks. A fun-filled night in store, so make plans to 

Tickets may be purchased in ad vince from the Resident Dean's 
ffi ce. Revelle South Dining Hall , $3.50. 
8:30 - midnight - Boat Dance: Fantastic voyage aboard the Marietta. 

band: Metro - Refreshme nts - Tickets: $2 .50 per person. For 
tra nsporta tion info. and maps, contact Third College Dean's Office 
or Third College Res_ Hall . Sponsored by Third College Program 

Resident Hall Council. 

The music department presents an a ll Australian 
:omlpo:siti'l>ns concert, directed by Thomas Nee a t the Mandeville Aud . 

Lectures 

MONDAY 
4:00 pm - Calbiochem Seminar: "Evolutionary Games and the Theory 

of Darwinian Sr_tems". Speaker, Dr. Manfred Eigen, Max Planck Institute 
for Biophysica Chemistry, Goltingen, Germany. Also here Tuesday and 
Friday. See that Calendar information. Location 104 Third College Lecture 
Hall . 
TUESDAY 

UCSD School of Medicine, Neurosciences Department Seminar. 
Speaker, William B. Stallcup, Assistant Research Professor, 
Developmental Biology Laboratory, The Salk Institute. Topic: "Substance 
P Modulated Acetylcholine Receptor Function in a Nerve Cell Line". Rm_ 
2100 , BSB. 

10:00 am - Society of Phy.ics Students, featuring guest lpeaker, Dr. 
Piccioni. Open to all interested in coming. Topic of discussion will range 
from PhYlic.lo Life (Thanks to Schrodinser). Info, Ext. 3290. Located al 
the Old Page One, across from five and dime, on Muir. 
. 12:00. 1:00 pm - CONTRACEPTIVE EDUCATION SESSION: 
Informal discusaion. AU must attend to receive birth control aervices and 
men are encouraged to attend 81 well. No appointment necessary,located 
In the conference room at the UCSD Student Health Center. 

2:00 pm - Chemical.Physicl Seminar: "Dynamic. of Gas Surface 
. .'-OUlIII·onl". Speaker, Dr. John Tully, Bell Laboratories, Inc., Murray HiD, 

2105 Bonner Hall. 
- Calbiochem Seminar: "Catalytic Hrpercylea". Speaker, Dr. 

Eigen, Max Planck Institute for Biophy.ical Chemistry, 
UUl1mg~!n. Germany. At USB 2622. 

EDNIE.~IlIAY 
12:00 - 1:00 pm - CONTRACEPTIVE EDUCATION SESSION: 

Informal discUSllion. All must attend to receive birth controlaervice., and 
men are encouraged to attend 81 well. No appointment necelsary. Located 

the conference room at the UCSD Health Center. 
Iv .. ...,u"'y 
4:00 pm - Special Organic Seminar: "Electronic Structures or Where 

the Electrons Reali), Are". Speaker, Dr. AndrewStreitweiaer, Derrtment 
of Chemiatry, UC Berkeley, Berkeley, Ca. Location, 2622 US . 

4:00 pm - Cosmochemistry Seminar: "Spacecraft Mea.urements of 
the I'?topic Composition of Solar and Galactic Counic RaYI". Speaker, 
DUr. RIChard A. Mewaldl, Calif. Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA_ 

rey Room 2102, Urey Hall. 
4:00 pm - ProfeslOr Cyrul Hamlin, ProfeslOr of En,rIilh and 

Comparative Literature, University of Toronto, will apeak on ''Tradition 
Interpretation: the Negativity of Reading". ReveDe Formal Lounge. 

FRIDAY 
4:00 pm - Calbiochern Seminar: "Can We Reconstruct Early Genetic 

. ""eSllalJ ... from Present Biopolymen?" Speaker: Dr. Manfred Eigen, Max 
Institute for BioDhyaical Chemiatry, Gottingen, Germany. 104 

College Lecture Jfall. 

The Daily Guardian 9 

Religious 
MONDAY 

8:00 pm - "Baptism, Eucharist and Other Sacraments", Introduction 
to the Christian Faith , with Fr. Bernie Campbell and Pastor John Huber at 
the University Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
TUESDAY 

12:00 noon - "William Pollard", Portraits 0 Faith, by Fr. Joaeph 
Young, Episcopal Chaplain at UCSD at Revelle Formal Lounge. 

3:00 pm - (Tuesday & Thursday) LDSSA Old Testament Class, IDS 
Institute , across from Muir. 

7:30 pm - Inter-Varsity Trident Christian Fellowship meeting, Formal 
Lounge. 
THURSDAY 

4:00 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All student., 
faculty and staff are welcome. Game Room, Conference, Studenl Center. 

6 :30 pm - "The Role of Science and Technology in the Quality of Life", 
Fa ith, Science and the Future, featuring bioengineering student Patricia 
Haas and a nthropology professor Joyce Justus at Univenity Lutheran 
Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. Program begins with a desaert and i. 
preceeded by a potluck supper at 5 :30 pm. 
FRIDAY 

12 noon - Calvary Chapel Home Fellow.hip. A hmdamental, but noe 
the less intense, Bible Study. Everyone's welcome, Game Room Coni. 
Room, Student Center. 
SATURDAY 

5:00 pm - Catholic Mass, at University Lutheran Church. 
7:30 pm - Dennis Genpo Marzel, aenior monk, and Dharma Holder 

from the Zen Center of Los Angeles (T aizan Maezuni, Roshi) will give an 
introductory talk entitled: On Zen Practice. The talk will be followed by an 
open discussion period. Location - Garren Auditorium, UCSD Medical 
School. Voluntary donation of $1.00 welcomed. 
SUNDAY 

8:30 am - Catholic Mass, University Lutheran Church. 
10:00 am - Lutheran worship service with Pastor John Huber at 

. University Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
10:30 am - Catholic Mass , University Lutheran Church_ 
12 noon - Episcopal Eucharists, University Lutheran Church. 
5 :00 pm - Catholic Mass, University Lutheran Church_ 

What's On: 
11/12-11/18 

Meetings 
MONDAY 

5 :30 pm - What a place for a meeting! The venerable UCSD 
DEMOCRA TS AND PROGRESSIVES are out of the woodwork again! 
Donkeys and ~ke beasts all gather at Walk's Place near the rear exit (what a 
place for a meeting! ) to plan democracy in action next year. 
TUESDAY 

11 :00 am - Third College Commuter board Meeting. All Third 
Commuters welcome. Center for the People. 

6:30 pm - Outing Club Meeting. Two films on conoeing and kayaking, 
and speaker Flash Connors (rom the Aquatic Center. Location - Rec. 
Gym Conf. Room. 
WEDNESDAY 

4:00 pm - URSSO meeting. All students are welcome and invited to 
attend . Meet other students and have lOme input in campus activities. SEe 
you there! 

5 :00 pm - Wanter: A.ians to define A.ian identity. Who are we, why 
are we here, where are we going? 1'!le answer is within us. Let's discuss. 
it. .. at the Center for the People. Facilitated by Dr. Phil Raphael. 

6:00 pm - Organizational meeting for UCSD Ski Team, USB 3030 B 
6:30 pm - Associated Students Council Meeting, North Conference 

Room. 
lliURSDAY 

3:30 pm - Meeting of the University events Dance-Drama Committee. 
Everyone welcome! University Events Office. 

7:00 pm - Surfing Club and Team meeting. Mandatory for team 
members. AttentiOn all Surf Club officen - meet at 6:30 to discuss Club 
events. HSS 2150. 

7:00 pm - D.A.R.K. S.T.A.R. , UCSD's Science-Fiction Club, meets 
this Thursday in the Revelle Informal Lounge. As usual, topic. of 
discus.ion will include books, movies, and our own projects. All are 
welcome. 
FRIDAY 

3:}0 pm - Organizational meeting for Ballet Folklorico Club at the 
Center for the People, Third College. 

4:00 pm - URS Mlajon meeting, Conf. Room 411 MC. 
SUNDAY 

7:00 pm - SCRABBLE Players Club#76 Ga~ Session: Come match 
your word skill against other Ioven of America's favorite word game. No 
experience necessary! Refreshments will be served_ Try to win the lpecial 
prize of the night! lrionnallFormai Lounge, 25~ donation. 



10 The Daily OuU'diaD Mond.,., Nov ....... r 11, 1879 

Hay" Want. Full Time Job 
" 

Calm Coach Follows Soccer Fever North 
By J. ftW,y S1ittat 

Staff Writer 
After three year. as the 

UCSD 'OCCel' coach, Stewert 
Hayh has decided to leave 
San Diego in hope. of 
obtaining a full time coaching 

po.ition In Northern during practice . More 
California. important, however, was the 

1l1e players praiae him a. a fact that he had a genuine 
quiet, ea.ygoing coach. He interest in the players. 
was calm on the sidelines. He During his last week, when 
was also a participant, often most people would have been 
taking part in his own drill. packing, Hayes was putting ' 

-----"., 

The ...... excitement came in the aber matches .. UCSD'. fencer. faced Cal State !...on, Beach and Cal 
State Fullerton Sahwday • . 

Improved Fencers Manage Tie 
By Cretr&-'-~U8hlin 

Stall Wnter 
Triton Fencer. ho.ted their 

fint home meet 01 the season 
Saturday againll the fir.t-and 
third- place team. in their 
league, and escaped with a tie 

and a 10 ... 
Cal State Long Beach came 

into the meet having won their 
last 18, and proceeded 10 
increaae their string 01 win. to 
20, with lopsided win. over 
both UCSD and Cal State 

ATTENTION 
MOVIEGOERS: 

Fullerton. The Tritons fell 26-
10 to Long Beach, but tied 
Fullerton with 18 wins. 

I The underdog Tritons 
appeared to have improved 
con.iderably since last week's 

Pfl'u~", 111m II) f'''}'!l' 16 

BARBAREllA--

together a .crapbook of 
pholo. and articles fOl' two 
players who are also Jeaving. 

He admitted that leaving 
the University will be difficult 
after his long aHachment to 
UCSD. He nearly quit after 
the 1978 season, and finally 
decided that now is the time to 
go. 

"I'm not leaving for the lack 
of novelty. Every day has been 
a feast. It's just your hunger 
that changes. I'm leaving 
because soccer is growing 
faater elsewhere." 

Hayes is an alumni of 
UCSD, and a member of the 
T rilons lirst soccer team in the 
late 60s. He became UCSD'i 
soccer coach in 1974. 

"I believe the team we had 
in '74 was probably the best 
team this university ever had. 
We were runner-up~in the AU-
Cal tournament to UCLA, and 
UCLA went to compete in the 
NCAA playoffs." 

He went to Stanford to 
finish his education, but came 
back 10 UCSD as the head 
soccer coach in 1977. Since 
then the Triton's have put 
together records of 3-10-1 in 
1977,5-10-1 in 1978, and 7-
8-1 this year. . 

Hayes haa a feeling of 
helpleunell about the 
Ouctuation of records 01 his 
teams. "It has been a matter of 
chance a. to what happens. 
UCSD mull rely entirely on 
walk-on talent. One year we 
will get a few good player. and 
have a decent year, and the 

next year we will not be so 
luck ." lfe has .pent his free time 
looking for athletes, but his 
aHempts have mo.tly been 
frustrating. 

" We made efforts in 
recruiting. Unfortunatdy there 
are two major problems with 
recruiting at UCSD. One is the 
fact that we do not offer any 
scholarships. AU four teams 
(Azusa, Biola, Fresno Pacific, 
and Westmont) that made it 
into the playoffs in our division 
this year offer scholarships. " 

"The second problem is our 
academic requirements . 
Soccer is different from water 
polo or badminton because the 
players we have been dealing 
with come from a different 
socio-economic claN. When 
we recruit we draw upon a 
different group of people." 

Coach Hayes went on, 
however, to say the future of 
intercollegiate soccer at 
UCSD looks bright. 

"This year" the team 
practiced more. We started 
practicing three weeks before 
the school year began. We 
practiced every day. We were 
a team playing together . 
Almost the entire defense will 
be digible to come back next 
year. If I have any 
disappointments it's the fact 
that no one is indispensable. 
Soccer will probably grow and 
thrive without me.' 

1he general problems with 
I'I.·(/s ... Illm III flU}.!'" 16 

plus extra added attractions 
VICIOUS CYCLES and 

Ie" aN" aR Irfl'RODUCTORY LECTURE ~ ~. WEDNESDAY NOV 14th 
JIMMY THE C 

Jane Fonda as a 
$J:x:lce-Age Sex Kitten 

Monday, November 12th 
Showings 7:00, 9:00, 11:00 pm 
USB 2622 
Tickets available at UEO Box Office $1.75 

A Sacred Way of life at 7:30 P.I.i. 
on UCSD Campus in the Conference Room, up-
stairs next to the Game Room in the Student 
Center. For ~more information: 459-0364 

BERKELEY MBA 

This Wednesday, Nov. J4 
A re/>Taenuuive will be coming to 

campus 

He is 
Fr(]rrt the Berkete, School of 
Bwsine.u AdmiRimation, and he 
will be here CO discuss the MBA 
program of rhot irurirMtion with 

interested staulenrJ. 

Tlaere is 
No particular undergTaduare 

major required. 

r--------------------~ : Appointltlent. ca. lie ... de : 
I TIlTONgh campus Career Planning • 
I f1 Building B, ScuJenr • 

Monday. November 12, 1979 The Daily Guardian 11 

Bergman Named MVP 

Women Win WestDlont Volleyball Tourney 
By Jon Goetz 
Sports Editor 

Three UCSD athletes 
caught the spotlight Saturday 
when the women's volleyball 
team won six straight games 
and the Westmont tourna-
ment. 

Elaine Bergman hit and 
spiked her way to the title of 
tourney "most valuable 
player". Her hitting was "just 
overpOwering" , according to 
coach Doug Dannevik, and 
her improving passing to 
teammates made her the 
complete player in the eyes of 
the other coaches. 

Ann Ishihara and Cheryl 
Wright earned a place on the 
all· tournament team also. 
Ishihara, Wright , Cara 
Churchill and Beth Prather all 
tied for the honor on the first 
balloting for the six·person 

team, but only the first two 
survived a second vote. 

The Tritons didn't only 
dominate the all-toumament 
picks, though. After a first 
round bye, they ripped 
through Redlands 15-11, 15-
12, and Cal Lutheran 15-7, 
15-13. Cal Lutheran dropped 
to the loser's bracket of the 
tourney after that, won the 
bracket, and returned for ' 
another match with UCSD in 
the finals. This time they were 
handily defeated by the 
Tritons 15· 7 and 15·5. 

UCSD entered the 
tournament as the top·ranked 
team, and started the first few 
games playing lackadaisical-
ly, according to Dannevik. 

"We were never even 
tested," he said. 

UCSD had played Cal 
Lutheran twice before , and 

NFL Results 
San Diego 26 
Buffalo 14 
Pitbburgh 30 
Houston 31 
Waahington 30 
Miami 19 
Tampa Bay 16 
Seattle 29 
Chicago 27 
Green Bay 19 
New Orleans 31 
New York Giant. 24 
Denver 45 

Cincinnati 24 
New York Jets 1 Q 

Kansas City 3 
Oakland 17 
St. Louis 28 
Baltimore 0 

Detroit 14 
Cleveland 24 

Los Angeles 23 
Minnesota 7 

San Francisco 20 
Atlanta 3 

New England 10 
Monday's Game Philadelphia at Dallas 

..... HOW: 
TRADE .. 
l'OU' 1IIIrI·.goId HIgh School ring (limit one per .... ,. 
CHOOSE 
My SllMlIufne ring. 
(SI'-dIum •• fine ~11\y jeweIerw' 
III~ guar8ntled for • Nfwllrne., lAVE. 
on • new gold College ,Ing 
with thet,ede-in 01. min'. 
gold High School ,Ing . 
ORDER NOW 
Nowmber 12-13 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

Redlands once. Neither school 
has even won a single game, 
let alone a match, from the 
Tritons this season. 

The night bel ore the 
tournament UCSD wrapped 
up second place in their league 
by beating Westmont in their 
final league match. Now the 
team is 11·3 on the season, 

and 8·2 in league play. 
The weekend matches 

bolstered the Triton's chances 
of receiving an invitation to the 
AlA W regional playoffs. A 
los II might have killed any 
hopes of being selected lor 
post-season play. Now, with 
only one match remaining in 
their schedule, the team's 

record is probably good 
enough to go to the 
Thanksgiving.weekend tour· 
nament, held in Sacramento. 

UCSD travel. to Chapman 
Tuesday night to Jllay that 
final game. Then Dannevik 
will suspend practice until he 
finds out Sunday night if they 
receive .a playoff berth. 

Play in Friday'. Midnight Volleyball Clawc .tretched until 4:45 on Saturday mornint. Hal Jacobs 
and Eva Ljungwe emerged a. the vido" of the tournament. The nine hour toumey produced a lot of 
sore muacle. the next moming, for the.loten a. well a. the winners. 

CA REEIlI'lANNINll &' PLAC.EMENTS 

monday 
Job board 

CARIIR 

TAis " a J''''1/>lin~ or 
opporrwnllW:s lukli ,lAth 

Ca,c~, Plunnln.( & 
Pla~~ml.'nr as o{ hut 
Wednesday mUTfun,(. VUlt 
w.s aI E~ SluJ ... 'TV Ccnlt .. T, 
&ildlnK B. WE ARE 

HERE TO HELP! 

PROPERTY CAST BOOKKEEPER: $ • . 7l/h, .. BA In AL'L'OUntlng (68J6). 
ELECTRICAL ENGINEER: Sa"''' opm ,,',h I>m<jlu. BS or MS d.!1C'''' in Euuronia (68.,). 
PROGRAMMERS: ~ op""i"K' $ .... 1.000/""". OS in eom,"'M 5.;",""" (670' J. 

PARr-Tl. 
""'tram""", Sa"", ""lCorlabl. roOE) S.,"ior or Grad. BS Compu.., .'ieim.: •.. 70 /m/ .. ,k (10-0377 ) •• 
r)fl"': S) .,.,. • .• ,/., (OOE) .,·,o .. pm on call ""'is (A-O.l7JJ. 
T,/JIIS"',,,,, S,.OO/IOO .. mcu ,,,,..,. Gcnn.." sjxtJ.illJ( (j-0374). 
Saln CIe<Ic SJ.OO/.', ........ i"1[ ",*", F,i/ Sal/So.. (D-Oj7j). 
E ... and DeIiOJn) Pmcm; S .•. ,o/h,. 00-., hu/ .. '" Mon,F,i. own "a",pmtation (H-Oj7fl).-
lif<pard/s..,imm,,.,, /"',",L'<'., $j.,,/h, (0 opcnIn.,j, WSR/CPR (F-oJ77). 

~I" 
STAFF ENGINEER; $, .oo/h, (DOE) 00 hn/"ok, EE/Comp .'ie. )'IS, (Z-J\lOO). 
STUDENT ENGINEER, $6.00/.' min 10 hn/ .. *, EE or I'h"io),/S, (Z-j'MJ,). 
ENGINEERING ADMINISTRATOR, $'.94'7.0,/ ." EE ),/Sr/Grad (Z-ooc)J). 

CURIINr IEVINYI. ANNOUNCIMINTI 
BIOLOGICAL. HEALTH SCIENCE "lui> Marlc.! R""",,,," 
Com. ..... ,I.e ,.",. ..... ""iOle.l />om ,lot lolto..; •• companies ro fnd "''' ... /wt and ,,'her. Ih. jobs a .. " 
S. ...... 1(1u Well.:"", •. Calbitx/u,m. Modo. UCSDSlIJifP""'on •• . M""'"',. Noc'"","" '0. "00-4'00 pm. 
Norl. Coni""'""'" Roo .. , Sru.kn, c... ... 
CAREER CONNECTIONS WORKSHOP 
Wtdn<'S<la,. NrK''IIIM I •• 1\)7\). "00- . ;00 pm. Thi,d Colle~", C<nr<r far ,IotPoopk. 
JOB INTERVIEWING WORKSHOP 
Wtdn....Ja' . N"""",brr ' •. 1979. 9;OO-IO:Jo am. NII',h ConI"' ..... Room. S,w:kn, c...",. 
JOB STRA TEG/£S WORKSHOP 
Th,nsda), NOt'\..",bt .. ". '979. ICXOO-,, :OO am, 'nLc.TMt,unal Cnllet'. 

AUF RNIA SIiNATE FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM 
FCIf ,(T""l4auon Jf.TlI(YU/ "f/ maprl-a/JphcauonJ 61 In/ormation a .. ",iltJHc 'u fM Cdtt'tT PlannlnK {/ 
Pt&'t'Wk.'"' ullkl,'-tnwlu! J4!sk. 

CALIFORNIA AS 'EMBLY FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM 
Fm KTadwulUJTI S4.TlIVUj UU JfWJIJu-applk:'(JuOfU {I ",(mmaillm ' .... dllable '" (he CaraT PtannlnJ( 8 
P","'!IIml uff,""-mralc.: de k. 
GRE'. (! GM A T', 
A,,,,,fahtc tH ("'..,n.\'T PlunnlR,l( & Pu...'lmt.'"" 

GTE SYLVANIA & FORD AEROSPACE 
Tn..:.: firm., heJW II )(ffm,l( n\.'\.u It" ~'''1nbt'T lCf(JdJ ,n l'Ul'n/,wr .. .,. 1!..1\.~'t! & ~k"ff~"" L'f\RIn.."'CIR,I(- J'gn wp In 

..an....,. P'unnln/( f!I rlUt..l'm4.'TU 

MONTEREY INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL ~,UDIES 
Th..."'t huw lit" the Ihln,l( It" rhu!k: ,nh.Tl"Stc.oJ In ,"1c.,.nuCI{M,,1 man"J:t.'m'-'N, sruJlt~s. LWMmk:S , W"RUdRd-
,,.'X" Nt) ", C'.u.T\.'I.T Pld"n,nH & PUa:l'fnt'fH . 



12 The Dail), Guardian Monday, November 12. 1979 

Johansen and Jeffreys Not Sympathetic 
New York the Subject, But Not the Hero 

Barry AIfOlllO 
Contributint Editor 

'The recent celebration of New York and ill 
inhabitanll in the arts ian't confined to films like 
MonhaHan •• pop muac baa reflected the cunent 
Gotham Mystique as well. Bruce Springsteen is the 
best known rocker to center his songs around the 
New York area, but there are many others today who 
depict the region in their music. Two of the more 
notable albums by Big Apple perfonners releued 

recently, David Johansen's In Style (Blue Sky) and 
Garland Jeffrey's American Boy & Girl (A&M), 
evoke the city's special mixture of sophistication and 
grittiness. 

about·town, tackling every style from 60s to diaco 
and proving himself amazingly capable. 

There's so much to like on thia album: the lush 
Molownesque strings on "Melody," the sensuous 
saxophone during "Big City," the early Bealles.style 
harmonica and back·up vocals on "You Touched 
Me Too." Johansen's clever lyrics, steeped in the 
glamour and craziness of New Y ark living, &regiven 
added impact I)y sympa'thetic instrumentation. While 
his range is not . great, Johansen's semi.sung 
declamations are effective, sounding sincere and 
ironic at once. 

In Style haa garnered mixed reviews so far, but to 
my mind it's a triumph. Richly arranged and 
produced, ill intelligence and subtlety is surprising 
considering Johansen's past association with the 
musically primitive New York Dolls band. Here the 
gruff. voiced sing~ steps out as a cosmopolitan man· 

David Johansen is clevutaq in "Flaminco Road" on his lP In Style. 

UTIIN 159 
CONIEMPORARY AMERICAN 
LlTlRA1VII: rao.IIy 
InstrucIor: M. DavIdIon 
MWF 9:00-9:10, ... 3070 
In the inilial staRes of Ih. /armalion of 
Latin Amerkan nalions. romantici.sm 
",ovid....l the fc.s .... r~c.s """eJ5ary for Ihe ' 
LTlI<Ilion of a trul, au,hentlC lit.Tatur". 
Writers like! Smrnwrlto, &",,"-'fYia, 
Munrol.", and rulma ....... e aJ,k to achi.'\'C 
a #lata .... '" ",,",'Mt lhe pruN~'ftVJlic and 
Li"""ry mOOT"'" 0/ romaruiLism, 

UT/Ma 124 
11111: the PoetIc looks 
InstNctor: R. friedman 
11Th 12:30 10 1:50, HIS 2154 
Course Code: 3036 

Inr'TI)!'.'tm~ rhe BihLe in Ihe T uUlIi<.h, 
Q.,.lury. Staub 0/ Ihc t..:hni</ueJ 0/ dninl( 
hones< in .. T/>rL'IllUOn of Ihe B,/'k through 
tJario l.4 s perspc(' ri ,·{!s; ' u erary. 
hiswrk aJ / arclweoLoRical. IhroloRk::a l and 
l>sycho/""iCll I. AIJo <Y><~TL'd " '111 he the 
U/>/>licaJ ion 0/ m..., t<chnitlues to II.e "ud] 
of spc.:ific corucel>u and im"", in tl .. BihLc, 
indMding' "'hies and tau'. jwti.:" .~ .•. meY9. 
u",r and /Jj!tJCe, and man and " omun. 
N"",, l/tiS L'OOI'", is cross' /isttd u'ith 
UT/ GEN '51. 

UT/IP1U 
SPANISH AI_CAN 
LlTlRATUB: the XIX CenIury-
1omanIIc ..... 
InIIIucIar: A. PIIeIo 
MWF 12~12:1O, HI. 1116 
CourIe Code 1111 
This ...... "". u·ill offer a X"""TaL sun"" 0/ 
poerry ... i(lcrIJinc" '9-45 . W eu'il/ stud, Ih" 
cont'rWwtioru mtc<k by ..ariows ,,:hools and 
moo.','m,"nlJ. incl..Ji"R t"",", a,Uociatcd " 'i,h 
Black Mountain Colkg", 'he Beau, the 
N."" York SdlOol, Ihe D<'<.1> Image Or",,/>, 
the Confnsionals and Ihe lou," Writ<Ts 
War"''''''>. In addi'Km co the roodinK 0/ 
con""""",a" Arnnkan /JOo.'Iry. cta .. ", u·ilI 
frolllre taped ,ocordinl(s 0/ the pot..ou 
roodin, ,hei, """ .. ork, and snoc.Itmu .. ·iIL 
be ""'"Y .. ra....,J '0 aarnd "e,,1ows Oft"""""'" 
and oomm"niry I>Od'J noadinv. 

cot .... c:.tNC""'" 

LIT lEN I 7~: AMERICAN I'OITRY II- MIG ~'l*rSC ,,;1/ t.: "ff"""}' in .",in,. 
UT lSI' I ~ .. , 'XIX CENTURY NOVEL- nu"" "lU"., ... i11 t.: o/f~ .. u1 in S/"inj{. 

Por ...... lllIonnaIIoI .. pick up a copr 01 our ~ In..., HI. 
1014 or .... 4009. 

The magnum opus on In Stille i. the gospel·like 
ballad "Flamingo Road," a devastating criticism of 
New York's artistic trend·setters. Johansen's reading 
of the song bristles with disgust at the fashionable 
decadents who "send their butlers out to score." 
Johansen may be an irredeemable Gothamite, but his 
relationship with the city is ambivalent. 

Garland Jeffreys, an active New York songwriter 
for weD over a decade, is even more a product of his 
mixed ethnic environment than Johnansen. His 
sound encorporates rock, rhythm & blues, latin and 
reggae elements, though these styles remain too 
distinctly separate on American Boy & Girl. Jeffreys 
and his band are a bit too predictable in their 
performances .. the reg~ae cuts ("Bad Dream," 

, "Bring Back The Love) are plodding and routine, 
while the rock tunes (" American Boy & Girl," "Night 
Of The Living Dead") don't flex the muacle they 
should. 

What Jeffreys does have going for him is his 
soulful vocals, smooth yet tinged with a pleasingly 
nai ve quality. He does best on this album with ballads 
like "City Kids" and "Shoot The Moonlight Out," 
moody slices of big city life reminiscent of 50s·rock 
do·wop songs, 

A number of American Boy & Girl's lyrics deal 
with New York juvenile crime and drug abuse, the 
title track apparently based on the lives of two real 
teenage offenders. Jeffrey's writing shows an 
admirable social concern on his part, even if his 
attacks on dope and delinquency are often heavy. 
handed. He needs more refinement in his already 
distinctive material .. someday, Jeffreys will record 
the oulltanding a1bwn he's capable of. 

taiSn:lNO:) , 
CASINO will set you straight with 

a winter quarter intemship 

You can eam 4-16 academic units 
or you ~an just volunteer 

Over 500 intemships in San Diego available 

Pick up application at CASINO 

CASINO is located in the AS offices 
in the Student Center 

Deadline Is November 19 

Watch for Info on Sacramento . 
and Washington DC summer Internships 

Monday, November i2. 1979 The Daily Guardian 13 

Cancer At 17 
'ProDlises In The Dark' Looks Death In Eye 

By Lynette Tom 
Senior Staff Writer 

Although the taboo on 
death is gradually eroding on 
television the subject is slill 
treated with the proverbial kid 
gloves on film. Promises In 
The Dark reverses such a 
practice. The release by Orion 
Pictures handles the topic with 
the sincerity and tact it has 

long deserved and needed. 
Elizabeth "Buffy" Koenig is 

a young, attractive, and fun· 
loving 17.year-old. Until, that 
is, a soccer accident, in which 
she breaks her leg, leads to the 
discovery that she has 
terminal cancer. Elizabeth 
meets the horror of 
amputation, the disfiguring 
side effects of chemotherapy, 

Do you feel depressed analrapped in a dead-end job! 
Learn how 10 re-train ana staTt a new career in San 
Diego, Send $8.00 fur DT. Stan Schau's new book: 

How to Change Careers in San Diego 
Educational Publications 

P.O. Box 23734 
San Diego, CA 

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 
1UIlOCIrI/MlOCIC'I WlLlHI. 

C- ()ppoIIunIIt. 
IUSINESS MANAGEMENT 

TRAINING PROGRAM FOR 
DECEMBER GRADUATES IN AU MAJORS 
Bullock's/ BulloCk'S WilshIre. southern 
Cahlorn la's teadlng department and 
specialty store, IS seeillng December 
graduates Interested In a business 
management career Trainee positions 
Inc tude Finance and Accounting: Personnel 
and Organtzation Development: Electronic 
Data Processing; Operations- Beauly 
Salons. Food Serl/ice, Security, and 
DistrrbullOn. 

II you are an aggreSSIve. organiZed sell, 
starter, willing to accept challenging 

responsibi~ties and able 10 move'at a fast 
pace under pl'essure. we wouklliketo meet 
with you. 

For more information contact your 
placement office or ·send resume to 
Bullock ·s. Management Development. 
AnentlOO. Catherine R. Eelts. 7th & HUt 
Strools. l.A .. Catilornia 90014. (213) 486· 
5909 

EOE M/ F 

and the ominous approach of 
death. But the pain is eased 
and acceptance aided by her 
relationship with Dr. 
Alexandra "Sandy" Kendall, 
a recent addition to the 
medical staff at the general 
hospital in the girl's native 
town of West Hartford, Conn. 
The doctor gives her the 
strength to cope when her 
anguished parents and 
boyfriend cannot even begin to 
comprehend her fate. 

The story by Loring Mandel 
constantly jumps from 
Elizabeth's life to that of 
Alexandra's in a manner 
which the viewers may at first 
find disorienting. However , 
the two parallels proceed at a 
much more coherent pace as 
the film progresses. There are 
also instances which seem 
totally irrelevant to the plot. 
Who is the woman in the 
restaurant that Alexandra 
eyes with such anger? Is the 

docto~ crying in the shower 
because of her trawna over 
her divorce or because of her 
empathy for Elizabeth? 
Mandel never fully explains 
these incidents, much to the 
exasperation of the viewers. 
The situation is somewhat 
worsened by Bob Wyman's 
editing. His sequence from 
Alexandra leaving the 
restaurant to her self-
examination for breast cancer 
in her apartment is cryptic in 
its connotations, full of visually 
abrupt combinations of fade· 
outs with direct cuts. It is only 
through the direction by 
Jerome Hellman that these 
inconsistencies in story and 
editing are forgiven. His view 
of death through the eyes of a 
young girl leaves the viewers 
saddened, but in admiration of 
Alexandra's effortJ to enable 
Elizabeth to die with dignity. 

The last time viewers saw 
Marsha Mason, they were 

Around Town 

laughing along with her role as 
Paula McFadden in The 
Goodbye Girl. Promises In 
The Dark illustrates that the 
actress is as much at home in 
drama with her portrayal of 
Dr. Alexandra Kendall as abe 
is in comedy. Kathleen Beller 
is remembered most for her 
introductory lead as Mary 
White in the television movie 
of the same title. Her 
introductory lead as Elizabeth 
Koenig in this motion picture 
will be equaUy etched in the 
minds of the viewers. Ned 
Beatty and Susan Clark fit the 
image with cold accuracy of 
angry, confused, and 
incredulous parents. 

Promise. In The Dark 
delivers a powerful message 
on the sub;ect of death without 
resorting to heavy handed or 
maudlin techniques. It i. now 
showing at the Cinema 
GrollRlont. 

Woyzeck, a tragedy by German playwright 
Georg Buchner, will be presented at 8 pm Nov. 
14·16 in the John Muir Theatre at UCSD. 

The theater is located in room 2250 of the 
Humanities and Social Sciences Building on the 
Muir campus. Tickets cost 99 cents at the door. 

Woyzeck is the story of a German soldier 
who is brutalized by his military superiors and 
the people of the village in which he lives. He 
finally commits a horrible crime, but his action 
is more than just a reflection of his own personal 
madness. 

Buchner, born in 1813, was a brilliant 
student who was forced to flee Germany 
because of his radical political beliefs. He 
settled in Switzerland, where he died of typhoid 
at age 23. His play, Woyzeck, is considered to 
be a forerunner of German expressionist 
titerature. 

The John Muir Theatre is UCSD'. arena for 
'1ean" theater productions. 1be ensemble 
attempll to realize the text of the play through 
the actors, with minimal emphasis on scenery 
and costumes. 

La Jolla 
7703 Fay /we. 
~1S36 

PacIIc leach 
1160Ganet 
270-9668 

We carry 
a 'fulll_oI 

running apparel 

Frldau. Nooember 16 SuhJrduu. November 17 
6:00, 8:()() & !O:OO pm 6:00. 8:00 & 10:00 pm 

SUntIaU. November 18 
'------,-- 2:00, 6:00, 8:00 & 10:00 pm ------' 

TLH 107 
Admission: $3.00 in advance, 

$3.50 at the door 
TICKETS A V AlLABLE AT UCSD 

" ___ >For more info, call 276·3102 ___ 1 

womQncare 

a lemlnllt 
women'. 

heaHhc:el ..... 

- SeIf.MIP 
- Well woman 
- PNgnaney ICIWftIng 
- abortion 

up to 16 WMIcI 
- bIrIh control 
- childbirth 
1616 4th Awnue 
Ian DIego, CA 

92f03 
or cal: 29MU2 

--How often do you 
tell the wa~er "that 

. was great" or seek out 
the owner to tell him 
how happy you are 
with his product? 
It happens many times 
a night at 
.. 

c 

-



14 The Daily Guardian Monday, November 12,1979 
Good MU8ic And A Challeoge 

Avengers at Best in 4 Songs Just Before Breaking Up 
By Mikel T oombl 

Avengera--"The American in 
Me"I"Uh Oh!! "I"Cor us Christi"/ 
"White Nigger" (White Noise). 

The Avengers were once San 
FrancilCo's premier New Wave rock 
band. From a start playing art-damaged 
noile, they progressed to defiant , 
anthemic £.unk and strident political 
activism. Their strongest points were 
Penelope Houston's angry, out-of-
breath vocals, Greg Ingraham's 
extremely accomplished a~ aggreslive 
guitar and the group's well-thought-out 
Iyrici and lOng structures. 

The Avengers broke up a few months 
ago, but not before they recorded an 

outstanding four-song LP. Three of the 
songs were produced by Sex Pistols 
guitarist Steve Jones, while the fourth 
was produced by the Avengers. . 

" White Nigger" r~resents the 
Avengers at their best. The song takes 
on once-idealistic youth who have 
seemingly given up on making anything 
of their lives: "When you were young, 
you had such big plans/Big ambitions, 
gonna be a good man/Look at you now, 
you're such a coward/Living your life 
like you don't know how to live." This is 
one lOng you shouldn't expect to hear on 
KGB or KPRI, because it directly 
addresses the typical listener ("Young 
and white and you wanna make it 

bigger"} and . demands in no uncertain 
terms that he question his values ("You 
just don't understand, do you white 
nigger?"). Steve Jones' guitar-heavy 
produc;,tion tends toward overkill, but 
seems rather appropriate for this son~, 

"Corpus ' Christi" IS almost as good,lt 
was recorded after Ingraham had left the 
band, but guitarist Brad Kent fills in 
nicely. "Corpus Christi" does a good but 
necessarily superficial job of questioning 
Christianity and its material 
manifestations, offering a timely 
counterpoint to the Pope's visit and even 
to Bob Dylan's recent born-again album 
(perhaps ironically, some of the 

Avengers' LP was reportedly recorded 
usinj Dylan's studio time_ 

"The American in Me" and "Uh 
Oh!!" are less successful. Both are fine 
music, but the lyrics of "The American 
in Me" are uninspired (it's mostly about 
John F, Kennedy being "murdered by 
the FBI") and the vocals are strained, 
while "Uh Oh!!" is simply not much of a 
song. 

For all its faults the Avengers' LP 
represents American rock and roll at its 
most energetic and most challenging. 
Even though the group no longer exists, 
their record is well worth seeking out (try 
Off The Record or Tower Records). 

Benefits include : Educational 
Stipend, All Academic Expense., 
Professional Salary, Employee 
Benefit., Summer Employment. 
Total Fellowship values range 
from $16,000 to $24,000 annually. 

If you 're chosen for a Hughes 
Fellowship, you will attend a selected 
university under a work-study or 
full -study plan. You ' ll have the choice 
of a variety of technical assignments 
through the engineering rotation 
program. You 'll gain professional 
experience with full-time summer and 
port-time winter assignments in 
Hughes engineering laboratories, 100 

Hughes 
Fe I lovvsh ips 

Requirements : BS for Masters 
Fellowship/ MS for Engineer or 
Doctoral Fellowship/ Acceptance in a 
Hughes-approved graduate school/ 
U.S. Citizenship/ Selection by the 
Hughes Fellowship Committee. 

For information, complete coupon 
or write today to : 

r----------------Hughes Alrcrah Company 
Corpor .... fellowship OffIce 

Culver Oty. CA 90230. 

will be awarded for ' 
Masters/Engineer/Doctoral 

Degrees in the fields of: 
Engineering 

(Electrical. Electronics. Systems. Mechanical) 

Computer Science 
Applied Mathematics 

Physics 

"1)(.' /\:' ',II' 'I"; ,~,~ <, t ;)(' ,;,., t 1,1 "'" ~~'" \~' • 
,I ",' r ( f I /1. \4: ... ,jl) 

Dale 

Consider me a candidale for a Hughes 
Fellowship. 

Nome (Pleose print) 
, 

Address 

City Stale Zip 
I am inlerested in obtaining : 
o Maslers 0 Engineer 0 Doctoral degree 
in 1he field of 

Degrees held (or expected) : 
BACHElORS DEGREE 

School 

Field 

Grad. Dale 

MASTERS DEGREE 

School 

Field 

Grad. Dote 

OTHER 

r------------------, t 
: HUGHES 
t • I L __________________ ~ 

QwtIIIg. ""' -*1liliiii Me"OIa 

u.s. 
CItIMnshIp 
• ..,INd 

An equal opportunity empioyer-M/F/HC 

----------------~ 

Mooday, November 11, 1979 

lassifieds 
pERSONAls 
Earn 4-16 units with an intership Irom 
CASINO. Over 500 c ho ices -
poill icians. education, health, law, 
consumer and more . Pic k up 
applicat ion at CASINO in AS oNice at 
Student Center. Deadline is Nov. 19. 
(1 1/ 19) 
Serra Sue - Our eyes & more will meet 
this Sat. Anticipation grows daily. 
Have an AWESOME week. Luv, BB. 
(1 1/ 12) 
like to ski Colorado end of Dec. We 
need person with truck or van to take 5 
others. Nice condo reserved. We will 
make deal. Call 222-3274, ask for 
Mike or leave message. (11113) 
Terry Brown: what the hell is Nights 
Out? I've heard Ihere will be kick ass 
acts. Where can I get tickets? Why Not 
Here? S.T. (11/12) 
Steve Tom Nights Out will be a blast! 
You'll see some great acts Fri Nov. t 6. 
Tickets on sale WNH? T.B. (11 / 12) 
Mr. Bill wants you to see his friend 
Jimmy the C sing of the troubles of 
living in Washington. Oh nooo! 
(11 / 12) 
EL. I haven't dropped the lace 01 the 
earth, gone back to Europe, or been 
buried in books. Mike. (11 / 1 2, t4) 
To all my friends who helped make this 
birthday really memorable: AMES 
105-mates, Drake-males, RA-mates, 
Barbara, and everyone else, too. 
THANK YOU!!! SOLON. (11/12) 
SLAVEHOLDERS protesled "Don't 
impose your morals on us". Now 
abortionists chant the same refrain. 
(11/30) 
WOMEN H20 PLAYERS: NEXT 
MEETING NOV. 19. LETTER 
COMING. BE PATIENT!! THANKS 
DAN & DAN. (11 / 13) 
Attention All Kazoo Bands: Interested 
in playing in front 01 a crowd? Call 452-
8763. (11/12) 
FREE PREGNANCY TESTING AND 
COUNSELING . MEDICAL AND 
FINANCIAL AID REFERRALS 24 hrs. 
AT 583-5433. (11/30) 

, 

Need revenge without risk? If so, we 
o::an help. UCSD's newest service. 
Dial -A-Prank has a wide variety of 
choices For a small fee, you can have 
your revenge. Call : 453-8118 or 453-
9696 NOWlI (11/ 16) 
ABORTION IS A CRIME THAT KtLLS 
not only the child but the consciences 
01 all involved - Mother Teresa-
(11 / 30) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Professional IBM typing - symbol 
capability, math , SCI. Rush jobs on 
campus for pick up / delivery Mary 
566-9894. (11 1 t 2, 16, 19.26,30) 
Woyseck - A brutal Iragedy Nov 14-
17, 8:00 pm HSS 2250 99¢ at the door. 
(11 / 16) 
Need a man? Need him now? I can 
help!! Call Dial -A-Stud today at 452-
9043 and ask for Jon Engleson. 
(11 / 12) 
" Uncalculated Ri sk" a l ilm at 
Canoeing -Kayak ing Night. Flash 
Connors - speaker t l/ t3, 6:30 pm 
Aae Conf Am. (11/12) 
Anthropology 101 : S. Strum's Winler 
Course. Change in prerequisiles: Now 
only AN 25. (11 / 14) 
WANT TO FLY? Airline attendents 
earn to 25.000 yr! Travel! Airworld 
shows how 10 pass the interviews! 
Send for FREE inlormation to Airworld 
205, Center Branch Box 60129 
Sacramento, CA 95860. (11/12, 
14,19,21) 
Love tile sea? Jobs! Cruise~hips! 
Sailing expeditionsl No expo Good pay! 
Europe! So. Pacific, Bahamas, World! 
Send $4.95 for applicationlinfoljobs 
to Cruiseworld 205 Box 60129 
Sacramento CA 95860. (11/12. 
14,19,21) 
No smoking allowed during 
Barbarella. Not even essence 01 male. 
(11 / 12) 
Amaleur Aud~ion Night at Walks 
Place 81 the Pub Wed. Nov 14 & 21 
6:00 on. Contact Jim Laughlin, 755-
7825. (1 I 116) 

UVETHE-
DOSEQlIS 
~RENCE!-

YOu've loved Dos EquJs. the unique 
amber Import In the bottle with the gold label 
and twin red ·XX·s~ 

Now there'sa new Uncommon Import-
Dos Equls Light with the sliver label. Golden-
colored and r1ch tasting. It gtves you a choice. 
One Is XXactly light for you : new Dos Equls 
Ught -or Dos Equls regular. 

You haven·t really lived, til you've lived 
the Dos Equls XXper1ence_ 

The Daily Guardian 

NI NOV 16TH. Buy your 
tickets in advance. Come prepared for 
the best in entertainment. (1 1/ 1 6) 
ABORTIONISTS hired to kill With your 
reg lees? Yes l Angry? Object? Join 
the res istorsl How? 454 - 1962. 
(11 / 30) 
SKt STEAMBOAT DEC. 8-15. Left out 
of ASPEN! We have an opt ionl We 
need students to fill a chartered bus to 
STEAMBOAT SPRINGS, COLORA-
00. Cost Of trip, inc tuding, on the slope 
delux condo's, bus lare and 5-day tift 
pass $225. Call Sue Nov.ll 453-3052 
or Bilt 453-3373. (11 / 13) 
SALUT LES COPAtNS! French Club 
meeting Mon. Nov 12 at 7:00 pm in 
Beagle Lounge for French Food and 
Fun! (11 / 12) 
Women's Tennis: Important meeting 
Tuesday November 13, at 5 pm Aec 
Gym Conf Room. (11 113) 
SEXUAL FREEDOM League parties, ' 
Sat. nites. 18 up, Non-coercive. 294-
9981 . (11 / 13) 
Fonzie was never a member of .The 
Vicious Cycles, Inc, Be there anyway! 
Tonite 7, 9, 11 pm. USB 2622. (11 / 12) 

WANTEd 
EASY EXTRA INCOME! 5500 / 1000 
Stuffing envelopes-Guaranteed. Send 
setf addressed, stamped envelope to: 
DEXTER ENTERPRISES 3039 Shrine 
PI. LA, CA 90007. (11 / 16) 
Babys~ter wanted for rest of year. 
Days, some nights, Salary, time 
lIexible. Near UCSD. Susie, 453-9376. 
(11/13) 
SURFERSI! Bored with your board? If 
it's cheap we 'll take it. Ask for Evelyn 
or Yvonne at 455-0287. (11 / 12, 14) 
Housesilt ing job or Apt l House to rent 
lor Dec. 453-3804. Mal. ( 11 / 12) 

SERVicES 
JENNY'S HOME TYPING - Tam 
papers, theses, din, Days and eves 
225-1449.(11/300 
Typists: IBM exper Itheses/disserl 
termpapers /editing. RUSH JOBSI 
453-0656 452-1588 286-4936 225-
1449. (6/15) 

TY J.' illg University city, IBM selectric. 
Fast, relia ble. Days 452-4244, ask for 
Jane Eves 453-4966. (11 /30) 
Typing - term papers, theses, diss. 
IBM correcting selectric. Reasonable, 
Mrs. Olds 455-0127. (11 / 30) 
CIEE student travel center looated on 
lhe 2 nd floor of the student center 
open MWF 8 - 12, TTh 12 - 4. (11 / 30) 
Keg discounts for UCSD students. 
UCSD area, PB & MS. Gall today for 
wknd. Delivery avail rick 272- 1855. 
(11 / 15) 
WAIT! Don't turn in your winter quarter 
c lass schedule until you have stopped 
by CASINO. Earn 4-16 units with a San 
Diego internship. Over 500 choices. 
Stop by CASINO at the Student Center 
in AS office. (1 t 119) 
Surprise your Iriends!! Happy Birthday 
Co. will bake cake, sing any song 
anywhere on campus for anyone -
sludent or professor for $6. Arrange 
with Dan 455-1280 or Rick 435-1957. 
(11 / 12) 

fOR SAlE 
50% off United Airlines coupon. $60 or 
BO. Call 453-2921 . (11 / 12) 
One United and one American 
discount coupon. Best offer. Jim, 
x3894 or 453-5971 . (11/13) 

American Airlines half fare coupons 
$50 each or best offer, Call 755-0520. 
(11/12) 
TWO UNITED AIRLINES discount 
coupons $45 each. Call Lynn at 481 -
290t after 6 pm. (11/16) 
Wanna Car? 
74 Mazada RX-4 $1700 
74 Dodge Monaco AI C, Brown. 
Kirk 455-0677. (11/13) 
67VW, rebuilt engine, new brakes, new 
tires, not very beautiful but very 
reliable. $700, 278-8989. (I 1115) 
Single loam mattress boxspring 
adjustable frame comfortable 
couch / bed $30.00 call 481-6667. 
(11113) 

73 5MB super mech. cond., new 
radials , brakes, etc. 52000. Records 
avail. 747-2144, keep trying. OIer 30 
mpg. (11/15) 

A new course from the Music Department: 
Music 14-Experiences With 
Contemporary MU8iC~ 
It happens here! Inform your 
musical experiences . The 
Department of Music is offering 
a new course highlighting an -
outstanding slage of guest" artists, ensembles, and 
talks during the Winter and SJn'ing Quarters of 
I9&>. Those who enroll will halle unJn'ecedented 
opportunities t~ prepare for new music experiences 
through PTfIIlew lectures; to hear quality 
performances by lIisiting or music facult) artists; to 
discuss each fIIent informally with a facult) panel. 
THIS IS AN EFFORT TO FOSTER 
INFORMED LISTENING TO THE NEW IN 
MUSIC-

Tiu.'Tf are no prerequisites. The class meets 
Wednesdays {rom 5: 30 to 6: 30 pm, in Mandeville 
Center, Room B-2 10, with evening concerts and 
lectUTfj on selected Saturdays. 
For further information and a complete schedule 
of events, contact the MU$ic Department in 
Mandeville Center. 

15 
Couch, long, comfortable, good 
condition $50 or BO. 277-6304 
(1l l t 3) 

2 United 50% coupons. 279-4099 or 
277 -6304 after 6 pm, (11 / 1 3) 

JtOUSiNG 

For rent 1 bdrm In La Jolla house. 
Lndry, fireplace, 10 min from UCSD. 
Available end Nov, Dec 454-7241. 
(11 / 15) 

Need roommate 1 bdrm apart very 
near UCSD. Rent $165 plus utilities. 
Mellow non-smoker. Leave message 
al P.O. 4786 ARGO John. (11/13) 

Roommate needed starting Dec. Own 
rm, FURN, pool, jacuzzi , tennis, 20 min 
walk to UCSD $142/ month 453-1602. 
(11 / 12) 

Mammoth Chalet for Rent - 4 
bedroom , 2 bath , sleeps 10, 
completely furnished. all wood, big fire 
place, 3 blocks from lift 7 & 8. 
Available for weekend, weekly or 
monthly rental. Aales for weekend 
$100/n ight, weekly S85/night , 
monthly $65/nighl. 50% non-
relundable deposit to reserve. Plan 
now for Mammoth. Call Doug (714) 
540-5222 or (714) 770-0571. (11/27) 
Unique, newty decorated 3 bdrm, 3 
bath house, panoramic oceanview, 
sun deck, wet bar, fireplace, fenced 
yard, doUble garage, prefer graduate 
students. Evenings 753-6150 
weekends 753-4384 57951 mo, 
(11/16) 

Room for rent Soiana Beach home 
5t37/mo. Fireplace, ocean IIlew, 

. female 20-30 neat metlow mature. 
755-5760. (11/t4) 

Double rm in Del Mar 3 bdrm, 2 bath 
house 5115. Furnished, t III beach, 
huge backyard. Call 755-3660, 452-
9451 (11 / 12) 

Available in December: room lor male 
to share "-bedroom country liliing. 20 
min from campus, ~ mile from beach, 
Sl75/mo Oceanside, 722 -7939, 
(11 /30) 

UCSD 
Bu g t Numbers 

accepted 



16 The Daily Guardian Monday. November 12.1979 

Fencers · Surprise . Coach Fee Increase 
Cun/inued from ')(I~(' I (J 
loss to Northridge. Coach 
Mark Haskell, who expected 
1979 to be a rebuilding year, 
says he now "has confidence 
that the team will be a real 
threat by the second round of 
competition (in winter 
quarter)." 

The saber competition 
between UCSD and Fullerton 
provided the most excitement 
of the day. Andrew Lee and 
Greg Lee had each won two of 
their three bouts, matching 
Fullerton's four wins. The 
deciding bout came down to 
Donovan Lee of the Tritons, 
who had Ioat both 'previous 
bouts, and the beat Fullerton 
saberiat. 

Lee's Fullerton opponent 
was the biggest fencer on the 
gym Roor, and his aggressive, 
charging style of fencing had 
won him two bouts already. 

Lee scored three times against 
him, but finally succumbed 5-
3. 

Lee salvaged the day later 
by coming back from an 0-4 
deficit against a Long Beach 
athlete to win 5-4. 

In the women's foil, Sandy 
Shepard was the only Triton to 
win a bout against Fullerton. 
She was able to take 
advantage of her 6'2" frame 
and left-handed grip to win one 
match. The victory was her 
first of the year and it elated 
the team. 

Senior foilist Katherine 
Kassebaum won all three of 
her matches against Long 
Beach. She describes her style 
as "basically defensi,ve." Her 
strategy is to wait back and 
lure her opponent into 
attacking. She parries 
(deflects) the attack, then 
immediately counterattacks. 

The effectiveness of her 
strategy varies, however, as 
she went 0-3 against the 
aggressive Fullerton foilists. 

Soccer 
Con/illued fwm (laj!l' /() 
soccer at UCSD will remain 
though. 

Trying to get 11 people 
geared for a short two month 
season - it's a joke. The team 
was just coming into its prime 
at the end of the season. It's 
just this problem that is 
causing the top high school 
players to tum pro. Even 
though there has been much 
criticism the players are better 
off becoming pros out of high 
school because no college is 
going to give them the 

. " necessary experience. 

( ',,"/i"lleel/r"lll ""!!l' I 
Saxon and the Regents 

authorized an increase frdln 
$300 to $393 over a three-
year period in 1977. 

UC students are also 
charged an education fee, 
which supports financial aid 
and minority recruitment, of 
$300 a year for under 
graduate students and $360 
for graduates. 

However, neither fee 
. represents tuition, the system 

claims, since teachers' salaries 
are not covered by them. 

Shontz said the other 
campuses proposed these 
increases over three years: 

Irvine, $390 to $462; 
Berkeley, $393 to $510; Los 
Angeles, $372 to $504; 
Riverside, $393 to $507; 
Santa Barbara, $372 to 
$477; and Santa Cruz, $393 

to $493. 
UCSD has the third highest 

increase proposed, with a 
$123 increase over the 
present fee level. 

The Reg Fee Committee 
Chairwoman Liz Riley was 
unavailable for comment. 

Anti-Nuke 
Continued from (>age 4 
the anti-war movement in the 
60s when we got strong 
enough to make th e 
government step back a bit." 

At that time, Hayden said, 
the government would use 
"bombing pauses to pacify the 
people." Now, the NRC has 
called a "pause" in licensing of 

nuc~ar power generators, he 
noted. 

"This is not the pause that 
refreshes," Hayden said. 

If You're Thinking of Cancelling Purchase, Be Assertive 
C"n/inued frum palle 2 
injUry used to make you sign a contract, and certain 
kinds or errors in contracts. 

You may need an attorney to assist you if you wish 
to cancel a contract, as contract law is a complex 
legal subject. CalPIRG's Consumer Assistance Line 
can help you determine if an attorney's help is 
necessary. 

If you have signed a contract but have not yet paid 
any money and wish to get out of the contract you 
should discUli the matter with the manager or owner 
of the store. Sometimes an arrangement can be 
made; for a small monetary amount a store may 
allow you to recind the agreement. 

A company may we intimidation to try to get you 
to pay. A store has a legal right to take you to court to 

force compliance with the contract, but th~ may not 
consider it worth their time and efort. The dollar 
amount of the contract will, of course, be one of the 
determining factors, since an unhappy customer can 
sometimes lose more future sales for a company than 
a court case is worth. 

Nonetheless, the firm will try everythirg in their 
power to make you feel legally anl! morally 
obligated. Guilt is the key work. Make the customer 
feel guilty. If you try to back out the books 
recommend that the salesperson act incredulous and 
say things like, "I can't believe you would back out on 
an agreement you made. You signed the papers!" 
Before you can explain he might step out of the office 
or put you on hold. Another option is to bring in an 
authority figure like the manager as a double to help 

intimidate you into compliance. 
Another tactic is personal persuasion. "With your 

sale I won the company trip for having the most sales . 
My wife was already counting on it." If they are 
pulling out all the stops they might "hold your feet t 
the fire ," as they say in the trade. This is rare and 
would be done only by a management fi~ure who 
would actually threaten a law suit instead of just 
intimating it. You will have to decide whether they 
are bluffing and whether you are willing to risk being 
taken to court and what you may stand to lose or gain 
if you go. Again, an attomey's advice at this point 
would be advised. 

A salesperson's business is to make sales. Be sure 
you are getting what you want before you sign th 
lir.e. If you change your mind, time is of the essence. 
Be assertive. 

------ - - - - - -- --~-

NEWCOU_S 
PHILOSOPHY 
DEPARTMENT 
WINTER • . 1980 

.. UlMrllllDnnailift 001 __ ...... andalPllloeophr 
DwparIn .... 001 ..... OOMUIthe OOUIM bnMIIIuM In OW 

d.p a ...... HI. 1111. 

PREPARED 
FOR FINALS? 

or are you going 
to cram all night 
just to get by again? 

What if you could read 
& study 5 times faster 
and still get better 
understanding? 

YOU CAN! 
What if you could 
recall material in a new 
way for tests that practically 
assured success? 

YOU CAN! 
'y ou can with Learning Dynamics! Learning Dynamics will 
teach you the speed reading and study skills you need to make 
school a breeze, and only Learning Dynamics guarantees 100% 
satisfaction or your money back. So take the risk out of finals 
and call Learning Dynamics today for a free introductory 
lesson! 

293·7810 
~ LERRNING DYNRmICS" 
562 MISSION VALLEY CENTER WEST. S.D., CA. 92108 


