
The Dail.~ Guardian 
Volume 38, Number 28 Univenity of Califonua, San Diego Tuesday, October 30. 1979 

Guardian photo by Eric Jaye 
AI Tarkington, Mayor of Del Mar (I.) and Attorney Dwight Worden. 

Del Mar Still Won't 
Come Out in the Open 
on North City Lawsuit 

By Kathy Huffer The council is "finding it more 
Associate News Editor feasible" to take legal action against the 

The Del Mar City Council Came development, as result of the sessions, 
"very close" to final plans for court Mayor AI Tarkington said after the 
action against North City West last night meeting. After additional conllultations 
after negotiating for two hours in a with Del Mar's city attorney, the council 
closed session. will announce its plans next Monday, 

It was the second week in a row the Tarkington said. 
council has met in a special session Council member Harvey Sweetwood 
without agreeing on the best approach to called the delay insignficant and said "it 
alw suit that would delay or prevent shouldn't be seen as dissension" among 
development of the 40,OOO-member council members. 
community. "We've got to carefully consider the 

UCSD Search 
Committee Will 
Come to Campus 

Daycare Center Says It 
Wants More Kids, Money 

alternatives," Sweetwood commented. 
"Right now, we're going through a 
thoughtful analysis of our legal process." 

The council's indecision left the iSliUe 
open to speculation, but members 
refused to discuss court action. 

Even when asked if the City of San 
Diego, which overwhelminl{l,Y-approved 
the first phase of North City Wet;t a week 

~o, would be the defendent in the case, 
Tarkington hesitated before saying "at 
this point" the city is the only potential 
defendant under consideration by Del 
Mar. 

By Paula Ambrosius 
Staff Writer ' Nov.12, 13 Hearings 

To Find a ChanceJlor 
The Day Care Center is asking for a 

$10,000 increase in its budget this year, 
and might get it because of a change in 

The Chancellor's search committee rules governing state grants to the 
will hold hearings at UCSD Nov. 12 and controve~sial program. . 
13, the committee has announced. The budget will be reviewed today by 

The "Joint Committee to Advise the the Registration Fee committee, which 
President on the Selection of a San provides the school's share of the 
Diego Chancellor" will be here from 11 center's funding. 
am Monday to 11 am Tuesday soliciting Josie Foulks, the center's director, 

. thought on finding someone to replace says approximately $31 ,000 of the 
William McElroy from students, faculty, proposed budget will be used to buy a. 
alumni and staff. new trailer, which will in (urn 6e used to 

McElroy resigned in August, citing a accommodate 16 infants, raising the 
desire to leave the high pressure of the number of children at the center from 32 
post. to 48. 

The committee is presently engaged Reg Fee chair Liz Riley , who was 
in reducing the number of nominations arrested in 1978's Day Care sit-in, ays 
by mid-December from "over a 100," the increase in the center '~ funding can 
according to one committee member , to be accomplished without significantly 
12. increasing its allocation . 

A sub-committee of the. faculty and Last year, she says, the universi ty 
students is working to define criteria was required to match 25 percent of the 
involved in selecting a chancellQr and state funds used to run the center. This 
decide on the best 12 applicants for year, because of a change in state 
consideration by the whole committee, regulations, the Reg Fee committee 
which also include five Regents, ' must match only 12.5 percent of that 
ace 0 r din g to un d erg r ad u ate total. . 
representative Cheryl Dunnett. But it's still possible, Riley says, that 

Dunnett says the 12 will not be made Day Care won't get that extra funding. 
known to the public. And Riley says a February 

A student committee is working with referendum, held after the rallies and the 
Dunnett to determine what students will sit-in, will "weigh ~eavily on tbe final 
say when asked what they want to see in decision ... " 
a campus leader. The referendum showed an 

The committee's schedule~ overwhelming majority of students in 
Monday, November 12 favor of con~nued funding of the center 

11 am·12 noon: Discussion with the (over two-thirds). . 
chancellor; But op.pon.::nla ,?f the ~ay' Care, ~ by 

12:15.1:45 pm: Luncheon with the Justice m Spendmg Commtltee, 
faculty leaders; argued that 51 percent of the stu~ents 

2.2:30 pm: Meet with admini· 
strators, including Deans, Provosls and 
Vice Chancellor.; 

3:30-4:30 pm: Coffee hour with 
staff perlOnnei repre;entatives; 

4:45-6 pm: Open House for campus 
community; 

6:30.10 pm: Reception and dinner 
for alumni and community leaders. 

T~y,NOvemberI3 
8:30.10am: Breakfast with student 

leaders (selected by Dunnett and her 
lIludent committee); 

10.11 am: Meeting of the search 

chose not to fund or to' fund at the 
present level by choosing "A" or "B" on 
the four-choice ballot. 

Supporters of Day Care say, how-
ever, that the second question on the bal-
lot, which asked how much money 
go into expansion of the center, had over 
60 percent in favor of increasing 
Day ~are's .share of the Reg Fee budget, 
and that an increase in services without 
an increase in allocations is a windfall. 

Hufstedler 
Named to Head 
Ed. Department 

WASHINGTON (AP) - President 
Carter will announce the nomination 
today of hirley M. Hufl>tedler, a federal 
appeals court judge in California, to b 
the first secretary of the new 
Department of Education, an aide to 
Sen. Alan D. Cranston said last night. 

Roy F. Greenaway, administrative 
assistant to the California Oemocrat, 
said White House officials have advised 
the senator that Hufstedler has been 
chosen for the job. 

One administration source, who 
asked not to be identified, confirmed that 
she .was offered the job and had 
accepted. . 

Greenaway said Hufstedler met with 
Vice President Walter F. Mondale 
yesterday morning and the president 
later in the day. He said the final decision 
on her nomination was made yesterday 
afternoon. 

Hufstedler was not available for 
Please tum to page 5 

Day Carc Demonstraton outside the chancellor's office in Spring 1978. 

Sweetwood indicated the council is 
considering approaching court action on 
the grounds of campaign contributions 
to San Diego council members from 
developers. 

Calting it a "fundamental aspect" of 

Harvey Sweetwood 
Guardian pAolo by Eric Jaye 

their vote, Sweetwood charged that San 
Diego council members "voted because 
their campaigns were funded by 
developers. " 

Any court action taken by Del Mar 
"we'll plan on winning," Sweetwood 
said. While he could not speculate on 
what court level the suit would be 
resolved, he said the council expects to 
Win. 

Last week. San Diego City Attorney 
John Witt said the city was on "firm 
ground" on any law suit brought against 
them, and said he was confident the city 
had complied with all state and federal 
regulations for North City West. 

But Tarkington said the city is taking 
their efforts seriously, and Sweet wood 

, quipped that the city is only "on polluted 
. " air. 

And Tom Shepard, co-chairman of 
the Coalition for Responsible Planning, 
which will also take court action against 
North City West , said the City of San 
Diego is "desperately trying to find out 
what we 're dOing. " 

The coalition i also close to final 
plans on a law uit, and will announce 
their strategy at a fund -raising party 
Nov. 10, Shepard says. 

) 
r 



I 

Letters to the Editor 

Problem .Not Image 
Editor: . 

I found the Oct. 25 article 
on David NUlSbawn's talk on 
Israel's image moat revealing. 
Indeed, why would someone 
try to reduce the main illiues of 
the Midea.. crisis to the 

~roblem of one nation's 
'image" in the US? 

Was . Andrew Young to 
blame for this? Hardly. Secret 
diplomacy has been a tactic of 
US foreign policy for year •. 
(Example. include the secret 
talks with the North 
Vietnamese in Paris, 
lCiuin,rer's secret trip to China 
in 1972, etc.). Secret talks ar 
where all real diplomatic deals 
are made. 

The'acti.~tsinceCamp 
David aH attempb by the 
AmeriCana to get the Arab 

". DlUy OPe",,', Eric. 
F.dikw 

". .. 1 ........... 
N.ws EdiIur 

• KIIIlhr Huff. 
.............. 

A .......... N.ws EdiIcn 
.... KIock 
eo" F.diIor 

..... H.T.,... 
~F.diIor 
. .... Ge.a 
!pen EtIitor 
Lie ......... 
sa.- Editor 
.... _CI..a 

Photo FAIlor 
T ........ 
MaEtlitor 

H.n,T .... 
a....IM-.. 

mayor. of the West Bank 
towns to join t~ negotiations 
have been met with an answer 
of "go talk to the PLO." When 
Young, on hi. own and a. a 
UN delegate tried, perhaps, to 
follow this sound advice he 
was obstructed by spies who 
listened in on the meeting and 
publicized it, thus 'orcing him 
to res~n. 

Yet how can the US claim to 
be a neutral mediator in the 
peace procell if it cannot meet 
with all the partiel to the 
dispute because one nation 
worries about ita image? 

NUisbaum's remark that 
the Soviet Union has more 
control in the Mideast is 
laughable. The Russiani have 
no ltake in the oil game. lbi 
adviiOrl have been kicked out 
of Egypt, Sudan and Somalia 
and its aid to Libya hal 
produced no pro.Spviet 
policies from the Moslem 
revolutionary, Khadaffi. llte 
Soviet Union's request for an 
all-power conference (with no 
possibility .for separate military 
agreements in their favor) has 
even been praised by the pro-
West, conlervative King 
HUisein of Jordan. lltere is no 
Soviet control over the events 
in the Midealt, only American 
control. This ia why Israd 
worries molt about its image 
here. 

Ilrael must take ' real 
responsibility for its actionl in 
Lebanon and the We.t Bank, 
for its illegal and continued 
occupation of Arab lands. 
Israel's refusal to let anyone 
talk to the PLO about peace il 
a blatant obstruction of 
diplomacy which cannot be 
covered up with, in 
NUisbaum's wordl, more 
"sophisticated Israeli 
propaganda." Those who 
support a just peace in the 
Mideast will not fall for it. 

S.A. SERRANO 

Tue., Oct. 30,,1979 

Dylan Still Himself Chall~nging. 
Editor: 

I waa amazed by your Oct. 
24 review of Bob Dylan'. new 
a1bwn, "Slow Train Coming." 
Your idea that thill album is 
only a demonatration of the 
end of Dylan's creativity and 
productivity came al a 
completr. shock to me. 

Dylan has come to a new 
beginning on hia road of 
expression. He still is a 
believer in the "one 
discernable message which 
prevailed in his body of work: 
that the only answera that can 
be of any use are the ones you 
find for yOurself out , of your 
rn e~." He iI aot 
• repudiating his earlier 
advice. He hal found values in 
a new experience, a "bom 
again" experience, and as 
always Dylan is communi· 
cating to his audience that 
which stems from Ilil 
experience. 

His new simplistic style, 
which you describe as "blunt 

and direct," is not 
"unvarnished by the pretense 
of art." That statement is 
based on a false premise, one 
insisting art is never 
s(raightforward in its ~ppeal. 

The Dat.l)!: Guardian 

IOpinion/ . 

As you conceded earlier in 
your article, "Dylan made a lot 
of use of the Bible in his work, 
much of it brilliant. ... Dylan 
would adopt the skelelal 
cadence of the Good Book and 
would transform it into 
something else." ApParently 
Dylan has "challt(ed hia way 
of thinking." He is not twiating 
the framework: he has chosen 
to work from it intact. In short, 
he no longer doubts itl> 
message. 

Your reaction to the album 
seems to atem from your own 
upbrinaing, not necellsarily, 
from Uyl~n's new measage. 

Dylan isn't "presuming he can 
wipe everyone else's slate 
clean." Nor is he defending the 

"evange~cal chest· thumpers" 
who profess to be able to do 
just that. He sings in the title 
track of the album, "But the 
enemy I see/ wears a cloak of 
deceocy/ nonbelievers and 
manstealers/ talkin' in the 
name of religion." 

I agree that there is a 
"warning to those who still 
have a semblance of a brain at 
the end of the Me decade," but 
I don't think it is one 
demanding every individual to 
somehow conserve some 
elusive quality or talent .to 
make it last a lifetime .. In itself 
that atatement leems 
ludicrous. I think the warning 
is 'an appeal for renewal. 
When other rock centers on 
the "I'm vacant and.·1 don't 
care" attitude, or the "Lust is 
really another word for love, 
bably believe me" syndrome, 
I'd much rather hear someone 
challenging me to critically 
f,!xarnine my priorities. Dylan 
is still doing that in a time when 
we need to be challenged. 
-------'---'---~-------. Stall Co/umn~--------------

. 

. , 

'Revolution of Declining Expectations' Due 
By John KlOck prime the opinion pump are always 

At, copyeditor for The Daily making good use of the same short 
Guardian, I am often tempted to be , public memories they piously wish 
merely critical. So little of the material I politicians would ignore. (In a classic 
edit is as good as what I read every day case of hypocritical chutzpah,the press 
in the Wall Street Journal, and there is ~ 
so little I can do to help it, that a sort of No More Lambs 
malaise can creep in if I'm not careful. when they 

In one of my reflective moments, I 
noted the ' similarity between my lacked any more 
John Klock is copy editor of The Daily sacrificial lambs 
Gua,dian. the celebr'ants 
attitude and the "mood of the nation." turned towards each other: 
The public has no faith in Carter, and is No lamb? 
positively worried about what 
Congress may do to the country next. They accented. 
I'm afraid the mood the country il What are we to do? 
merely critical. i-or that reason I 
believe my situation iOultrates an (Without their lamb, you see 
important problem o' national they were lost 
perapective: if there is a real problem, it without their lamb 
lies within the critic, 

For one thing, it costs nothing to they were adrift, 
complain. It's eaay for me, actively on understand?) 
the lookout for mistakes, to find fault 
with what someone else did under time They gaped, with astonished 
pressure, in the middle of creating looks 
something 'orderly from the chaos of h h h d ke 
interviews. And limilarly, the touR t e QJI pt on 
hindaightful analYles palled out at the They remained frozen, 
bUI stop bear tittle relation to the lack of lamb 
preslure·packed world in which events 
are actually shaped. The media thaI '--_____ ......:.C:;,;h;,:;a:;,;r:.:.'€;;;.;lI,;..;.H;.,;e;.:,im;.;.;.;,le;;;,;r ..... 

, 

liberaUy handed out crlbCJam of the our !IOCIety has gone throuW1. 
Carter administration for failing to' For example, the Nlxon.Ford 
anticipate the fall of the Shah. Months reCession was frequently described as 
laler, writers began blithely inserting worse than . any since the Great 
explanations of the cataclysm to go DepreSsion. Looking only as far al 
with tht:ir vitriol. unemployment levels and the 'drop in 

But criticism has always been GNP, this is clearly true. But in impact 
cheap. Why is there so much of it right on the tives of Americans, the 
now? One could blame Vietnam and recession was not so clearly 
Watergate for an ethic of cynical devastating. Unemployment benefits 
peliSimi.sm, or talk about Jimmy were more generous than ever before. 
Carter's (and Gerald Ford's) problem. Total employment hardly paused in itl 
with leadership or image manipulation, steady climb, primarily because 
but I think our national mood would be unprecedented numbers of women and 
"normal" if we would limply recognize young people were enteri~ the work 
that we are judging the performance of force this decade. Real GNP would.l)ot 
our leaders by inappropriate' have shown IUch a severe di~' if 
standard.. . increaling· COlts o' environmental 

When I tum from reading the pages protection and personal safety were 
of the Wall Stree' Journal, respected reflected .. "production." 
even amons professionals, to critiquing . Similarly, the rise in the price of oil 
the Iwggles of part·time, budding hal severely restricted the reaOl(Jce 
reporters, I'm in3" malaise. llte base which fueled the phe~ 
comparison is' unfair. And expansion of the 60s. The decli&1lng 
whether or not the pu ic realizeS it, die COlt of enerS>' went a long way toward 
options our country 'aces today are funding the-Vietnam War, the trip to 
much more unple8;5ant than they have the moon and the increases in social 
been for decades. Judgin, the wel'ar~ programs. That era Ipawned a . 
effectiveness of todaY'1 leader. by the profligate belief in the po .. ibilitiea of 
standard. of past achievements il collective action, and today we are 
guaranteed to be frustrating. The ~ying for much o' the profligacy in 
mistake il made easier by our use of higher.than neceaary inRalion. Still 
superficial measurement which, while 'ocuaaing only on IUperficiai meaaures , 
importan~, do not reflect the changes ,..... 111m,.,,,.,. 10 

Tue., Oct. 30, 1979 TIle DaIlJ Guardian I 

NEWS BRIEFSI ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Beg(n Gov't Shaky 

TEL AVIV, Israel - Prime minister Menaehem 
Begin failed yesterday in his first attempt to choo~ a 
new foreign minister and pull himself out of a Cabutet 
crisis that could topple his government. 

Deputy Prime Minister Yigael Yadin turned down 
Begin's offer to take over the post left vacant lallt 
week by Moshe Dayan, who quit in a disagreement 
over the government's policy in the occupied Welt 
Bank. 

Echoing Dayan's contentions, Yadin told Israel 
Radio "there are differences of views between our 
party and the majority paity ~ some issues . of 
foreign policy" which prevented him from accepting 
the job. But he added that if Begin offers him a 
chance to head Israel's negotiating team on Wellt 
Bank autonomy, he would reconsider his refusal. 

Begin offered the poat to Y adi.n ~t Hadas~ 
hospital in Jerusalem, . where Yadm IS recovenng 
from a mild heart attack. 

Two other ministers have threatened to leave 
Begin's cabinet. Fi?ance Mi~ister Simcha Ehrlich! 
under fire for Israel s economic troubles, told Israeli 
newspapers he would leave by mid·November. 

Park Death Lucky? 
SEOUL, South Korea - The assassination of 

President Park Chung.hee may have set the stage for 
a softening of the iron rule that. has held ~,!wn 

. opposition in this country for years, mformed political 
sources said yesterday. 

The government may have signaled its intentions 
by allowing publication of an opposition appeal for 
democratic reform I in South Korea. 

But North Korea charged that the Park killing was 
actually aimed at preServing the "fascilt regime." 
And the Soviet Union accused the US Central 
Intelligence Agency of having directed the dea~h plot 
to-protect American interest, an allegahon demed by 
the Carter administration. 

1,000 Jailed in NY 
NEW YORK - To the beat of a brass band, 

more than 1,000 anti·nuclear demonstrators tried in 
vain yesterday to close the New York Stock 
Exchange on the 50th Anniversary of the stock 
market crash. 

Police reported 959 arrests in wha.t was the largest 
of several anti·nuclear demonstrations across the 
nation. 

In Washington DC, about 250 protesters blocked 
doorways to the ~nergy Deparbnent and rallied on 
Independence Avenue, and 88 person~ were taken 
into custody during a protest at the T ndent nuclear 
submarine base in Bangor, Maine. 

In New york scores of demonstrators jammed the-
exchange on Wall and . Broad streets, saying their 
targets were firms that finance the nuclear Industry. 

"Don't go to work today and take a holiday from 
death," one demonstrator urged the Stock Exchange 
employees. 

Kennedy is Running 
WASHINGTON - Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, 

"eag& to get going" with his c~mpaign for the 
presidency, yesterday took a ,-"aJor ste~ toward 
challenging President Carter With forma bon of a 
Kt'nnedy for President Committee. 

Stephen Smith, the senator's brother·in.law and 
chairman of the committee, told reporters that 
KeMedy will declare his candidacy in Boston on 
Nov. 7. 

At a news conference in campaign headquarter., a 
former Cadillac automobile showroom about a mile 
from the White House, Smith said: "The Kennedy 
For President Committee is now officially under way 
and we look forward to an active and successful 

. " campaign. 
Smith urged the draft· Kennedy committees that 

have been active around the nation to "terminate 
their operations as unauthorized committees." 

EYE GLASSES/ CONTACT LENSES 
Student Special 

Helena Rubinstein 
or PIen'e Cardin 

Glosses 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
$99 pair or 2 pair $139 
plus 'free' stylish rim less designed sunglasses 

$39.95 value Included fr~e With your contacl purc hase 
Regular $89.95 list NORTH COUNTY 
reduced ~ to ~ PI ..... JOIIIMceI not Included. Medicol Dental Center 
$49.95 complete • 9855 Elmo Rood. SUite 107 

Dr. AIa.r~=.'9·D. 1.15 & Mir(1 M9S0 Rood Exit 
.. -... -J!IIII--------------- ~~_OOOO~ ... _ 

Plant Wants License 
SAN LUIS OBISPO - Pacific Gas and Electric 

Co. has asked the US Nuclear Regulatory 
Commilision to authorize operation. of the Diablo 
Canyon nuclear power plant without further licenling 
hearings, it was learned yesterday. 

" It is vital to the well.being o' the citizenJ of 
California that Unit 1 of the twin reador nuclear plant 
be available for the July, 1980 period of peak electric 
demand," PG&E ataff attomey Philip A. Crane Jr. 
wrote. 

A copy of Crane's letter, dated Friday, w .. 
received yesterday by the San Luis Obispo Coun,., 
Telegram· Tribune. 

The lawyer argued that any safety queationa 
remaining on the $1.6 billion nuclear plant near Port 
San Lui. could be resolved after the plant is licensed 
and in operation. 

Crane said that without the billion·watt reactor on 
line, the utility companY'1 power reaerves would sink 
to 5.2 percent, assuming an average IUppIy of hydro-
electric power. The reserves would go down to 1.5 
percent if there il more winter rainfall, he laid. 

Winds Whip SoCal 
LOS ANGELES - Sixty·mph wind. cut off 

power to more than 300,000 Southern Californians, 
caplized boats, toppled trees and fanned a 300.~re 
fire in the Los Padres National Forellt, authonbel 
said yesterday. 

Three persona IUffered minor injuries when a 
charter fishing boat with 30 people. aboard ran 
aground in heavy seas Sunday IlI8ht on San 
Clemente Island, 60 mile. west of UCSD. 

"The boat is breaking up in the IUrf," said Coast 
Guard spokespertlon Garth Groff. "She is beached 
and probably is not going to be ~a1vageable." 

Groff said thOle aboard made It safely ashore by 
walking through the punding surf holding onto a 
safety line that a crewman tied to a rock. 

Sorrento Valley 
Racquetball & Spa 

,- - - - - - - - 2-for-I! --I S:.' !,u 110111 110il P " II\( ! 11111(: : 
I 1I I'q l lid i ':, .. .. , 1 .11 ' II I 
1 (i ,H) I I dil l. I ·1 1'111 II 101'111 I 
I l lCSJ) SIIIl II :111 '.V II) () Il ly I 

L~ __ •. " 1'1','11' °1 ,1 ' 1 I " 11 .1 
10999 Sorrento Valley Roed • San Die~o. California 92121 

The 
Associated 
Students 
present- CASINO OPEN FORUM ON tHE STAILIS 

" 

l 

I CO:M1roNITY/AB8OClATED &rODENTS --INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
.. featuring 
paid, volunteer or academic internships 

in 
San Diego, Sacramento, Washington DC and others 

with 
Congressional and Council Offices, lobbyists, consumer 

health groups, and more! 

GET INSIDE INFO AS A CASINO VOLUNTEER! 
Volunteer Meeting: 

Tuesday, October 30, :3 pm . 
North Conference Room, Student Center 

r-- PROSPECTIVE INTERNS ORIENTATION MEETINGS:-
November 6, 3 pm 

and 
November 7, noon 

and 
November 1 3, 3 pm 

# North Conference Room, Student Center 
(or stop by CASINO in the AS office) 

Many of you are aware that the University owns property 
across Torrey Pines Road from the campus known a~ the 
"Stables." This ptoperty is currently leased to a private 
operator for use as a stable. Th~ campus for a. number 01 
years has considered alternallve uses for thiS property 
which are both commensurate with its market value and 
which would be of benefit to the campus community. 

Although several suggestions for development of the 
Stables have come forth. I would like to receive a broad 
sample of opinion from the entire campus community. I 
have. therefore, asked the Campus / Community Planning 
Committee to take on the assignment of seeking 
campuswide viewpoints. The Committee has arranged 
the following meetings to inform you of the issues and 
discuss alternative development possibilities. Following 
the meetings. you will be asked to complete a short 
questionnaire. As we must come to a collcensus on the 
fate of this property very shortly. I encourage your 
participation, 
1ONIGHT. 0CI0ber • 
5:00 pm-Student Center Lounge 

Thur8day. NowIMlber 1 
4:00 pm-Humanities and Social Science Building 

Room 1330 (Muir College) 
Thur8day. No\.18IIIber 1. 
7:00 pm- Student Center Lounge 

William D. McElroy 
Chancellor 



Nico March demomIrate. CPR technique, Iife ... vil18 device (r.) 

New Lifesaving Device 
Surpasses Inflexible CPR 

'Emergency Regulator Resuscitation' 
By John .......... RelWlcitation de~ce. . 

A.oc:iale Ne .. Editor "The idea to use a 'scuba 
A new invention which regulator regulator for a 

could save many ollhe 8,000 resuscitation mechansim in the 
people who drown each year water has actually been 
hai been developed by . around for awhile," March 
raean:hers al the UCSD says. "Resuscitatorl used on 
School of Medicine. Called an land, however, were not 
ERR, for Emergency designed for use in watf!!' so 
Re,ulator Resuscitation adapting a scuba regulat"r 
device, thia insIrument allows seemed like the logical way to 
cardiopulmonary resuscitation go." 
in the watfl'. The early stage of the 

CPR. lhe conventional research, funding through a 
method of emergency . IIrant from the National 
lifesaving, combines mouth- Oceanic and Atmospheric 
to-mouIh resuscitation with Administration. focused on 
preallUre on the cheat over the ' regulatorl and the kinds of 
heart. Performing CPR prelisures they develop -the 
oHlihore is virtually impouible air flow generated uling the 
because of the absence of any purge mechanism. "We found 
back support. a wide variance throughout 

However, Nico March has the spectrum from zero 
designed a method by which prellure to 100 mimmeters of 
the victim can be saved "right mercury pressure, " says 
then and there, instead of March. 

~ to be dragged 10 "For example,. 60 'm'!l is 
more. . enough to cause 81r embolisms 

March and his associate, in the blood system." 
Richard Matthews, have Forty mm, they discov~ed, 
detf!!'mine after three years of wal the liafe level at which the 
research the modification polI$ibility of air in the blood 
necessary for transforming a Itream could be eliminated. 
scuba regulalor into an American Medical 
Em erg e n c y Reg u I a tor Association standards require 

HALLOWEEN 
HARBOR CRUISE 
November 2nd 
~:30-1O:30 

Tickets 
54.00 per person 

COSTUMES A MUST! 
Tickets on sole October 23 

at the Box Office 

that the developed regulator 
release no more than 40 mm 
01 mercury air pressure on ' 
complete depression of the 
trigger mechancism. It must 
also develop at Ieat 100 liters a 
minute air flow at the 
mouthpiece. March says the 
ERR, delligned by SCUBA· 
PRO Inc . , meets these 
requir~~nts. 

the mouthpiece in the person's 
mouth. hyper. extend the neck 
to open his airway, press the 
button and his lungs will 
inflate. " 

March says. 
He adds, " we haven't done 

underwater studies at all; what 
we're strictly talking about is 
surface procedures ." 

"In regular resuscitation , 
you have to pinch the nose and 
completely seal the mouth," he 
says. "With ERR, you don't 
~ve to do that-y~ just stick 

The last years of their 
resea rch centered on 
developing an aquati c 
recording resuscitation 
mannequin, which mealoUred 
the effectiveness of ERR, 

March says the regulators, 
which " should be very 
convenient for scuba divers ," 
may be on the market by 
1980, and will cost less than 
$150. 

Hayaka\Va, Curb on Aliens 
LOS ANGELES (AP) - An end to 

"humiliating" treatment of undocumented 
Mexican workers has been urged by Sen. S.1. 
Hayakawa and Lt. Gov. Mike Curb in 
statemenb to a Republican National 
CommiHee. 

Appearing before the GOP council on 
national security and international affairs 
yesterday, Hayakawa also sought support for a 
bill he introduced in the Senate yesterday to 
establish non-immigrant guelt worker statUI for 
undocumented workers. 

"These people are willing to face the risk. of 
illegal imm!gration in order to get jobs wh ich 

For you doctors and 
doctors-to-be, 

the "MO Tee"-also, 
we can expose the 

inner you with 
"AnatQmical T's': 
10% oJfwtth 
studentld 

469--8006 

will pay up to 13 times as much as can be 
earned in their country ," Hayakawa said. 

Curb said the U.S. is "literally flooded" with 
illegal aliens numbering between 3 million and 
12 million , and blamed po~ticianl for the 
problem. 

"We are no closer to solving the 
undocumented worker problem today than we 
were 10 years ago because of the political risk," 
he said. 

Hayakawa'li propo~, which has appeared 
in various formli in his 1976 campaign and . 
earlier Senatorial career, is somewhat similar to 
the Brace!O Program, he claimli. 

HAVE A HORRORBLE HALLOWEEN! 

October 31, Wednesday, 8:00 pm 
USB 2722 $1.25 

.. 

TUe., Oct. 30, 1979 

Senior Photo Mobile Will. 
Be Unexpectedly Thin If 
Orders Don't Pick 'Up 

UCSO's senior yearbook may be a bit thinner than ex· 
eected this year due to the small turnout of seniors at the 
Photomobile last week . 

About 300 studenl5 showed up to have their pictures taken 
at the orange and white trailer parked oul5ide the Student 
Center. Out of 1600 graduating students, "we had hoped at 
least 700 would show ur'" says Yolanda Garcia, the student 
activities coordinator 0 Revelle. 

Garcia hopes to see the Photomobile return to . UCSD 
sometime, this year, although the chances are uncertam at the 
moment. 

The yearbook, sponsored by all four colleges and 
distributed at a cost of $6.95, will not be cheaper despite the 
small turnout, Garcia says. " If anyone loses money, it will be 
the printing company (Institutional Services, a San 
Francisco·based firm.)" The Photomobile comes "at no cost 
whatsoever to the university." 

Garcia believes the small turnout is due to the early 
appearance of the Photomobile. "Last year, it was .her~ 
during the winter quarterand we had a much.'arger sh?wmg, 
she says. "At this ti~e of the year, semo~s are . J~,st too 
occupied with other things to really take notICe of It. 

By Meg Honda 

University Conducting 
Hearings on What to Do 
~!!esit~~:!~~~ alr!t?Pe~~~Ye L3 Jolla 

Farms Stables property, across Torrey Pines Road from the 

The DaO~ Guardian 

AS Enters the .Movie 
Business on Stables Issue 

. A videotape about the La Jolla Farm Stables 
.property and the "general urban sprawl of La 
Jolla" is being planned by a group of students 
who call themselves the South Coast Planning 
Committee. 

The action follows a decision of the 
Chancellor to develop the university·owned 
stables for commercial purposes. The film will 

• be aimed toward the public "who have no idea 
what's going on" with the stables, and the 
Regents, who will be making the final decision 
as to the fate of the land , according to AS 
Commissioner of External Affairs Linda Sabo, 
a committee member. 

The film will show the stables as they are now 
and will also present possible uses of the land in 
the future , she says. 

·The committee comprises ten litudents, 
drawn from External Affairs, the AS Council 

and other groups, and has worked on the film 
since the beginning of the faU. The project will 
probably continue into the spring, Sabo saYIi. 

Though not officially registered as a student 
organization, the committee plans to apply for a 
SCURI grant and other oubide grants next 
quarter in order to finance the film. 

At this point, students are "donating, 
scamming, and getting equipment from 
friends" to bring the project to completion, 
according to Sabo. 

A fund.raising project with the outside 
community is projected for lometime in the 
. uture, she says. 

Sabo says she hopes to show the half to one· 
hour film on community public television, al 
well as the general campus. 

-By Meg Honda 

Hufstedler Named to DOE 
Continued (rom page I Lyndon B. Johnson appointed ~r to the 9th US 
comment on the nomination last night. Circuit Court of Appeals, makmg her only the 

Carter signed legislation Oct. I 7 creating the second woman to be named to a circuit court 
Cabinet·level department, which wiD have position. . . '. 
about 17,000 employees and an annual budget She is a trustee of the Callforma Insbtute of 
of $14.2 billion. Technology, Occidental College and the Aspen 

She began practicing law in 1950 and was Institute for Humanilitic Stu~ea. 
appointed a Los Angeles County Superior Hufstedler was b?m . In Denver ~nd 
C t · d . 1961 ' graduated from the UmverSlty of New MeXICO 

our JU ge 10 • d La School ' 1949 In 1966, she was appointed to the California in 1945 and the Stanfor w In . , 
university. . . 

Public hearings are currently being conducted on campus In 
order to give the administration an idea 01 what should be done ' 
with the area. 

State Court of Appeals and in 1969, President where she served on the Stanford Law.ReVlew. 

Alcohol - In Moderation - Is Good for the Heart 
From the AalOCiateci Pt.. a Journal editorial, warned people not to get 

carried away with the newa. Meetings this week include: 
Tuesday, October 30, 5:00 pm - Student Center Lounge. 
Thursday, November I, 4:00 pm - Humanities & Social 

Sciences Building - Rm. 1330. 
Thursday, November 1, 7 :00 p~ - Student Center Lounge. 

A'1'l'ENTION AT.T. 
THIRD COT.T·EGE 

8'1'ODENT8: 

The Third CoHege Admin-
istrative Office, Dean of 
Students, and Academic 
Advising will be closed 
November 1 and November 2 
due to moving to permanent 
facllttles. However, for your 
convenience an academic 
counselor will be available in 
room 11, Building 412, Warren 
Campus, to assist any 
students seeking academic 

advice during this period. 

A beer or two, a tipple 01 wine, even a couple 
of highbaJIa may do yourheartlOme good, even 
if your hMd throbe a biL 

So says a group of Boston doctors. in the 
Nov. 2 iuue of the Journal of the American 
Medical Auociatlon. But a heart apecialilt, in 

Moderate conaumption of beer, wine and 
liquor may reduce the riale of heart, a study of 
drinIcini habits of more than 1,100 men has 
mown, according to a report in the Journal. 

Plea,e /urn to fJGfIe 10 

UCSD STUDENT SPECIAL 

. ON OUR PIZZAS 

"World~ Most 
Unique Pizza" 

Restrictions: 

DIrections; 
).!) 01 COIISI 11iyI.-, ID c--.. 
Valley Road then west 112 milt. 

01. Offer good only with currently valid UCSD student ID. 
02. Offer good from 6 pm to 11 pm, this Wednesday and 

Thursday (October 31 and November 1, 1~79).·· 
03. No phone in or take out orders. 

04. No checks. 

2212 Cannel Valley Road.DelMar.755-6778 



8 
~-------IM MortaIB----..,..---~ 

'Chocolate City' Plays Football 
Like It Was More than 'IMs 

tcheering Section Part 01 Overpowering Win 
By .... Liotta CC uses a 2·3-2 defense which Uti~zel their 

Stalf Writer lpeed and quickness. But the LZ'. found the 
There'. a rumor ..".ding around UCSD hole. in that strategy when captain Jules 

that there is no intercollegiate footbaD team. Bagneri •• wept the right end, duded two CC 
'The absence 01 cheerleaderl, rootill8 IeCtiona, defenders and raced lOme 50 yards to 1C0re 
pepr .... andSaturdaytripstoastadiumaeem and tie the game. 
10 support theM whispering .. But whoever On CC'. leCond pouessio, they moved with 

. believ.el it hal never watched AAA the same ease as in their first drive. McMichael 
~ Chocolate City in action. found Greg Evan. open for CC's second 

TIn put Saturday ~C took the field against touchdown. The LZ's tightened up a prevented 
the Third CoIIeae l,Z'. expecting to solidify . the extra point try. . 
theirJdd on fint place in the Oklahoma When ChOcolate City is able to score on a 
Lupe. ~ the W~~ ~uir rleld ~e waa team it usually mea~s that the game will be a 
an amra of profealionaliarn. CC confidendy rout because of their tough defense, but this 
took the field wearing colorful garb. They Saturday was different. The LZ's came right 
Ioobd Ike they were ready for some fun, and back with quarterback Kenny Overton leading 
.... "LZ'," ,,«en't about to roll over and play them to their second score. The crowd Legan to 
cJe.d for "CC". sense the trotJble CC wai having defensively. 

1'Iwn have been repar.. that "Chocolate Cries of "Go CC .. broke out from the Chocolate 
Ciy" bepn their practice aeuionl back in Ci~ cheering section. ' 
April with tryouls to make the baD club. These The key play of the game came on ec's third 
...... continued aD turnmer and have and final drive of the first half when ·a double 
....,ed the team to avenge their overtime lou reverse ,ave Chril Washington the ball. He 
10 Raw Meat in Iaat yeer', AAA championship threw it forty yards for the score, giving CC the 
...... CC IoIt the ,ame due 10 a mixup on the lead at half time 20-) 2. 
... Gf 1M overtime play, which proviclea four The LZ's began the second half marching 
~ .Y" . ~ain. Reaching the CC's 30, they came up 

Apinat il.. LZ'., CC took the baD on the.r With a screen paiS to Sageris who lofted a pass 
.... 30 and quickly marched down the fieid. into the end zone for an apparent touchdown. 
'!be ~ c:ulininated in quarterback Dexter The play was called back when referee Andy 
McMichael'. pau to Chria Waahinston for the Berg ruled theit Bagneris had palled over the 
~ 1\ey miued the extra point. • PIHN rum to page 10 

LA JOLLA -SURF & SPORT 

Featuring: 
O'Neill, a .p., Offshore, Surf Line, 

Rip Curl, Quicksilver, Canyon, Russell, 
Izod, Gant, Stubbies, McCoy, Bolt-

Women's and Boy's wear, too! 

715 Pearl Street, La Jolla 459-4329 

----------------------------~------------
WEEN SAl,E' 

thru 31 October, .1979 

ThE .llv. Liifm.!]_ METhod 

Book 
ilnow 
on .... 
It IoaI 
bocJIcatcnI. 

~~ CAN HELP YOU LEARN TO: 
'-.- ~ , • OVERCOME STRESS 

• IMPROVE M.EMORY 
• CONTROL HABITS 

• ENRICH RELATIONSHIPS 
• AWAKEN PSYCHIC ABILITIES 

FREE lECTURE 
Wednesday & Thursday 

Oct 31 & Nov 1 

kcftM ............... .... 

-

Tue., 00&. 30, 1978 

Fencers Forfeit to 
UCLA, UCSB, Coach 
Says It's His Fault 

By Gregg Laughlin 
Due to an array of personal 

problems and bureaucratic 
difficulties, the UCSD Fencing 
Team lost its first match of the 
season last Saturday - by 
forfeit. Coach Mark Haskell 
accepts much of the blame for 
the' loss, citing his own 
negligence in getting 
scholastic eligibility forms 
turned in as a chief cause of the 
forfeit. Apparently, the 
University could not . process 
forms, verifying athletes' 

SC , lOIaStic status in time for the 
match, so many fencers could 
not be issued equipment. 

The T riton Fencers are 
naturally upset about having 
to forfeit their first match - a 
scheduJe tri-meet with UCLA 
aod UCSB - but plan to 
make good use o( the extra 
practice time it gives them. 
Coach Hallkell says that the 
team win be ready for next 
weeks' tri·meet with CSU 
Northridge and CSU 
Fullerton. 

No. 1 Floor Hockey T earn, 
'Crease,' Ripped Up 6-3 

Top-ranked AAA floor 
hockey team "I, It A Penalty 
to Cum Into The Crease" was 
upset by an enthusiastic "Rip 
City" 6-3 Saturday morning. 

City's" two other goals came 
off the ,ticks of Nancy Stahl 
and Karen Tan Kortenor . 
"Penalty's" offense was 

.obviously ailing from the loss 

"Rip City's"high scoring 
Jon Gold led the offense with 
two goals while assisting on 
two others. Gold set an 1M 
record last week by scoring 
nine goals in one game. "Rip 

of the high scorer, Greg 
Angelo, to a knee injury. The 
team had 15 goals in their first 
two games but was shut out by 
the aggressive "Rip City" 
defense until the final two 
minutes. 

.. Tul'qUDlie ,.e. ~12 210-3313 

MEN'S HAIRCUTS $8. 00 
(conditioner, blow dry. women stightly highen 

we 81so le8ture------.:.. _______ _ 
The Popular French Braiding, done by Tracie 

Pichney, formerly of Hair Palace ... 

WE SPECIALIZE IN 'PERMS $25.00and up 
(includes condition, cut and styJing) 

... OPEN WEEKNIGHTS ... 
Monday-Friday 9 am-8 pm Saturday 9-5 

We u~ KMS Products VIsa and Mast_charge accepted 

Good Student Discount 
foreign Students V. Out-of-state LIc~ ... 
No One Refused 

ONE STOP SHOPPING WITH OVER 
25 MAJOR COMPANIES 

CSE 
---INeURANc. 

CALL ANYTIME 

1293-37631 
• 

•• 

STUDENTS 
Married or Single 

Ages 18 and Over. 
Driver Training Credit 

Credit for Prior 
Insurance on 

Parents Policies 

2423 CAMINO DEL RIO SOUTH S.CJ . 
SUITE 112 J..8 AT TEXAS STREET 

Tue., Oct. 30, 1979 The Dally Guardian 

S.treisand No Beggar 
By Barry Alfonso 

Contributing Editor 
In terms of career longevity alone, Barbra Streisand is one of 

the outstanding singers of modern times. I would be hard pressed 
to name a vocalist who ~as lasted as a major artist as long as she 
has, or who has appealed to so wide an audience. It's been many 
years since Streisand first appeared as the singer of Broadway 
ballad!! and schmaltzy old torch songs. Thanks to proper 
promotion and direction, she 's been able to make the jump to 
mainstream pop music, getting AM radio airplay and a whole 
new audience of younger fans . . 

To do this I feel, she's sacrificed much of her considerable 
artistry and ~resence as a singer. There aren't many vocalists 
who can deliver a theater number 6ke her classic "People" as 
winningly as she can , but there are plenty who can outsing. 
Streisand in the realm of soft-rock. Streisand 's recent hits -
"Songbird," "My Heart Bdongs To Me" - have been 
lackluster and uninspired, due to both the thinness of the songs 
themselves and the singer's comparatively wooden renditions of 
them. Wet, her latest Columbia album, offers some strong 
moments but, as in the recent past, doesn' t offer the showcase of 
Streisand's full talents as it should have. 

The motif of Wet's songs is, naturally, water-related themes 
and situ~tions, including songs dealing with tears and crying. A 
gimmick such as this . one can be . a~noying or succes~ul , 
depending on the quality of the mdlvldual songs . As thmgs 
turned out on this LP, much of the material is passable but little 
more. A singer of Streisand's gifts can make absolute trash (the 
theme song from The Main Event, for instance) sound bearable, 
but Wet leaves me wishing she.'d use more care in choosing 
vehicles for her. vocalizing. 

On the plus side, the LP's title track and " After The Rain" 
came off decently as sentimental pop excursions, orchestrated 
by tumescent string arrangements that swell in the midst of the 
songs. Streisand's crooning is sufficiently ro~antic, aqueezin.g 
out as much emotion (rom these tunes as poSSible. The ·result IS 
pleasing if not overwhelming. . 

Streisand's ventures into rock and disco on Wet are far less 
satisfactory. Her energetic but awkward version of Bobby 
Darin's old hit "Splish Splash" is burdened with an overly busy 
arrangement - silly teenage rock and roll is inappropriate to 
Streisand's style. Her duet with Donna Summer, "No More 
Tears (Enough Is Enough)," begins as an inviting ballad but 
then turns into a tepid disco track unworthy of either singer. 
Barbra Streisand has no more business attempting a di!!co 

; -
~ . 

Please lum-Io r>afe 10 

,_._., 

..... ~~ . . -
LIO NOI.-Y (17,..a, 

.... .., ............... 

P 
R 
0-
T 
E 
S 
T 

HUMAN RlCHTS FOR 'IRELAID 
.. TIE DEIIONSTU ... 

At' 

SAN DIEGO SPORTS ARENA 
NOVEMBER 1, 1979 6:30 P.M. 

ACTION FOR IRISH RIGHTS 
492 IIorro H111. Rd., '~lbrooJc, CA 92028 (714) 728-9655 

Should Be Choosy 

Barbara Streisand'. water music 

~ .,.~ 

.. --"" ~ ''''-

ml3D THEATRE 
ANNOUNCES THE 1979-1980 

SEASON 
THE GREAT AMImICAN 
QUIZ SHOW SCANDAL 
A World Premiere by Louis Phillips 
November 8, 9, 10, 11 and 14, 15, 16, 17 

TWELFTH NIGHT 
A Classic Comedy by William Shakespeare 
February 7.8.9.10 and 13, 14, 15, 16,17 

.AMEN CORNER 
A Modern Drama by James Baldwin 
May 15,16, 17,18 and 21 , 22. 23,24 

Plus One of the Following 
'1'HlIl RIVAIB March 12. 13, 14, 15 
J'A.l\JBHBB March 5, 6, 7, 8 
BQUUB . February 29 and March 1 

8ub8orfbe Now: 
Phone 452-3791 for descriptive brochure 
& order form. 

ttrUDENT StJBBCRIPI1ION: (four plays) $10.00 
GENERAL SO'BBCRIPrION: (four plays) $15.00 

ASK ABOUT VRVBEBBHIP 
IN '71WmD8 OF THE 

UC8D TiIEA.T&1:" 

7 



8 

....... Oapun return. to the Ityle that captured 
............... ~ F .. 'in· F,.. with her new LP MDr.IttJI. 
Aller .. 8XCW'IIOn into rock, she returnl to country 
.. Dc •• IfuII,.. 

TIle DUly 0uardIaa :rue .• Oct. 30. 1979 
.. 

New Outlaw. Albums 
Nothing Slick ,About These 
Country Boys, Er, Persons 

By Mikel T oomb. 
A few yearl back a new movement arose 

within country mwic. Calling themselves 
Outlaws and led ~y_ good 01' boy. Waylon 
Jenning. and Willie Nelson these 
mcompromilingly rugged individu~s were 
~ againat the syrupy slicknea. of the 
NalhviTle 8l1embly·tine productions which 
dominated the charts. The Outlaws celebrated 
the ,good Cjountry ,life: tiving and loving hard, 
letting ,drunlt, ha vlIlg fun and winding up in jail. 
From Its gran·roota beginnings the Outlaw 
movement hal become an accepted and widely 
popular country mullic force. ' 

CeorK! Jones - My Very Special Cuests 
(Epic). rt s 8 meallure of the Outlaw.' success 
that three of them were asked to appear on the 
lame album with one of Nashville's most 
respected citizens, singer George Jones. 

My Very Special Guests is a very special 
record. It's unusual for an artist to team for duets 
with such a diverse sToup of talented people as 
J~ does here. Besides Outlaw. · Waylon, 
WIllie and Johnny Paycheck. Jones joins forces 

'Jones' most interesting 
match-up is with Elvis 
Costello. ' 

with country-pop si"Bers Linda Ronstadt and 
~ylou Harris, folkie James Taylor, Jones' 
SingIng partner (and wife) Tammy Wynelte Dr. 
Hook's Denni. Locorriere and Ray Sa~yer 
gospel's Pop and Mavi. Staples and English 
new·waver Elvis Costello. 

home with each of them. Ronsladt and Harri. try 
to sins more "country",than they have on recent 
recordings and it might have worked had their 
~gs not bee!, IiO mundane. The Staples help out 
rucely on the tndestructible country-gospel staple 
(pardon the pun) "Will the Circle be Unbroken." 

Jones' . most interesting match-up is with FJvili 
Costello. Costello's "Stranger in the House" is a 
sincere but not quite satisfactory stab at an 
honest·to-God country song. FJvis has more luck 

' ... a tough and yet 
completely female 
. , Image. 

with his country singing, although he's oJ course 
no challenge to the liupremely professional 
Jones, who'li given the lead role by the respectful 

~~". ChaPman - M~'rshall (Epic). -
Mars~1811 Chapman would make a great good 01' 
boy, if only she weren't a girl. . 

Chapman's gender was a major factor in the 
commercial f~ilure of her outstanding country 
debut, Me, I'm Feelin' Free, but the album did 
attract scattered raves in the rock presl and 
more ~mportant, it revealed a singer and 
songwnter of great strength and intelligence. 
Chapman's lleCond effort, Jaded Virgin, was an 
unfortunate affair, a needlessly tame attempt to 
sn~e a rock. audience. It had little going for it 
besides the bde and a fiery ' personal anthem 
"Why Can't I Be Like Other Girls?" ' 

The most comfortable pairings are with 
Wynette (surprise!), the three Outlaws, the Dr . 
Hook duo and Taylor (Wha'lI so mellow it would 
be difficult for him to sound uncomfortable with 
anyone. The singers all perform material wdl· 
suited, to their particular talents and it's a credit to 

___________ --'--:... _________ ~Jones own talent that he comes off sounding at 

Marshall fully lives up the potential of 
C~pman's first ~bum. It's a consistendy high. 
spmted record which embraces a wide variety of 
musical styles, from country.rock ("Two rues"') 
to pop (the prelty Buddy Holly baUad 
"Everday") to Aerosmith-style electric blues 
("Going to Hell And Get It Back"), with an 

Plea. tum to fJaIe 10 

uc san Diego University Events Office presents: 

A SAN DIEGO PREMIERHI 
"An extraord1na.ry group of dancers! As impressive a 

troupe as one can think of anywhere!" 
The Washington Post 

uA model of how to build ~ ballet company" 
Clive Barnes 

_
____________ uA oonst&nt marvel" 

The Times, London 

2 PERFORMANCES ONLY-DO1M' MI88 ITI 
Young. vb! end tedInIc:aIIy brtliMII. the «*1cers' cradb 
Inc:Iude the Amenc.n 8dM Theatre. the JoIIfey lWII.c and 1M 
H.nm... The 00IIIpIny'. roota are In I claltk:el belleI, but 
\My are tmbuecI wIItIIUtin .. end I ....... often 8IOIIc 
IIyte \till hu become their dynImIc trldenwtt 

November 2, Friday, 8:30 pm 
'10.50 '7.50 $5.00 & $3.50 

MANDEVILLE 
AUDIIDRlUil 

November 3, Saturday, 1:30 pm 
'7.50 $6.00 $3.50 & $2.50 TIcket & Program Information: 

452·4559 

ft;;moVie concert ever m~l 
~t, Ric~ Danko 

I 

Levon Helm 
Garth Hudso 
Richard Manuel 
Robbie Robertson , 

I 
featuring THE BAND in their fareWell concert, 
with: -
special .... 11 
Bob Dylan 
Neil Young 
Joni Mitchell 
Van Morrison 
The Staple Singers 

Eric Clapton 
Neil Diamond 
Ronnie Hawkins 
Paul Butterfield 
Emmylou Harris 
Dr. John 
Ringo Starr 
Muddy Waters 
Ron Wood 

Salurday. November 3---. 
7:30 and 10:00 pm 
USB 2722 
Admission $1.00 
Sponsored by the AS Program Board _____ • 

1'\1e., Oct. 30, 1979 

Hungarian violinist Janos NegIJesIJ 
will demonstrate virtuoso skill and 
innovative programming in concert 
Wednesday, Oct. 31, at 8 pm, 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

He will be joined by pianist David' 
Arden in a performance of Handel's 
Sonata in D-Major, Ritomelli per 
Violino Solo the US premiere of a work 
by Aftila Bozay, written especially for 
Negyesy, Beethoven's Sonata in C-
Minor for Piano and Violin Music No. 
S lor Violin and Piano, by Ed Fulton 
and Bartok's Sonata lor Violin and 
Piano. 

Both artilits r~ently joined the music 

TIle DaD, Guardian 9 
Middle Age Hits 
Struggling lVIQvie 

Dudley Moore All 
That Rates A '10' 

By Lynette Tom 
Senior Staff Writer 

When director/writer Blake 
Edwards gave his newest 
motion pidure the title of 10. 
he must have been thinking 
only of its lead. Dudley Moore. 
Otherwise. 6 ·minus would 
have been more appropriate. 

The film delves into the 
lighter side of male mid-life 
crisis, as experienn!<i by pop 
songwriter and playwright 

Ge~rge Webber. Adding to his 
readjustment pains is Jennifer 
Hanley, whom Webber 
glimp!les on the way to her 
wedding, and thus mesmer· 
ized, t:onduct!l an intensive 
search for the mystery 
woman. His obllesllion leadll 
him from a head-on collision 
with a polit:e car, to an 
audition with a priest who is 
aspiring to be sonwwriter, to a 
massive tooth.filling operation 
with the bride's dentist father, 
to eln exhaustive air and auto 
journey to Mexko, and finally 
to a bedroom encounter with 
Jennifer herself. 'fhe movie is 

. uneven, with concentrated 
hursts of t:omedy separated by 
long spaces of dull, blase 
material and ridiculous slow 
motion beach shotl! ( t:learly 
ripped off of From Here 10 
Elt!rnj,y) of George and 
.Jennifer, 

Dudley Moore is, as the 
diche goes, a man of many . 
IHlents, In W, he acts, sings. 
and performs on the piano, all 

with remarkable skill. If only 
he were not restrained by the 
sappy plot and silly dialogue, 
the role of George Webber 

~ould he perfect for the British 
t:omedian. 

There are only two 
instances where the acting 
abilities of fellow Britainer 
Julie Andrews are worth 
mentioning. In one lICene. she 
engages in an in ·depth 
disc:ussion with Moore on the 
ethit:s of labelling women as 
broads. 'Ihe ' oiher moment ill 
her telephone ~'()mmuniquell 
with her anesthetized w-star. 
As for the relit of her role lUI 
George '5 lIinger h~rUrj'end, it ill 

avera~e, although her singing 
is stilJ all IItrong us ever. Bo 
Derek has illI the qualitiell of 
an up and coming starlet. She 
is youn!{, acts with reasonable 
aptitude, and photographs 
very well. She also addll a new 
and innovative interpretation 
of Ravel's B()/ero during her 
introductory portrayal of 

Jt~ nnifer . Viewers will find 
Rohert Webher'li a~itraoce 
in I () somewhat of a mystery . 
Why Edwards even chOKe to 
indude the acto,'s pc:trt of 
Ilugh. George's lyricist and 
homosexual friend, is known 
only to the director/writer 
himself . 

Dudley Moore fans will 
enjoy this Orion production, 
which is now bein!{ shown at 
the University Towne Centre 6 
Theaters, 

AROUND TOWN 
faculty at UC San Diego. Negyesy is 

. well known not only for his brilliant 
interpretations of classical repertory 
but also for his exploration of new 
possibilities for the violin. 

Pierre Boulez commissioned him to 
write a teaching and reference work on 
violin techniques last year. In addition 
to giving solo appearances, Negyesy 
was concertmaster of the radio Berlin 
Orchestra. He hall recorded all of Ives 
sonatas for violin. 

A native San Diegan, David Arden 
has won competitions such as the 
T enuto-Young Artists Competition, 
Brus.ellI; Gaudeamus Competition, 

Rotterdam; and Kranichsteiner Prize, 
Darmstadt. Arden's recordings can be 
heard on Musica, Magna labels. 

The concert is free and open to ' the 
public. 452·3229. 

, The New Poetry Series will present 
poets E.lizabeth &rtlett and John 
Linthicum reading from their works 
Wednesday, Oct. 31 at 4 pm In the 
Revelle Formal Lounge: Presented free 
by the Archive for New Poetry and the 
University Events Office. Call 452-
2533 for more information. 

The Island, a play by Athol Fugard, 
John Kani and Winston Ntshona, will 
be presented at 8 pm Saturday and 
Sunday, Oct, 27 and 28, in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall at the 
University of Califomia, San Diego. 

Luther James of the UC San Diego 
Department of Drama faculty will 
direct the 'play, which stars John 
Huston and James Avery. The play is 
a Southern California Black Repertory 
Company production. 

The Island takes place in a South 
African maximum security prison on 
an island off Cape Town. Huston and 

Plea.. 111m to fHIIe I J 

THE TEE SHIRT 
womancare r----------------------, 

'5 
white over red design on navy 

$6.50 each J for $17 
Size Xl L M S Youth l M 
No, 

J"eunon. $1.00NCh 
$1.00ed 

Softd chock", _ ..... with_ .. : Name ____ ~~ ___ _ 
W.I.Z_ Products •. U .. 
P,O, Box 2S89 """ress ' "pI, --
Wahiflston, D.C. 20013 Ci.... Slate -- Zip --

PIe.se allow 4 weeks (or delivery, 

BOD" S 
lIiOLE 

a feminist 
women's 

health center 

- Self-help 
-Well woman 
- Pregnancy 

ICreenlng . 
- abortion 

up to 16 weeki 
_ birth control 
_ childbirth 

1616 .... ".... 
Ian DIego, CA 

92101 
or cal: 2M-9U2 

: FREE :MOVIE TICKETS : 
,I Monday and Tuesday Night Special . 1 
1 __ ---------------_· ___ -1 

Alexander's Pizza has bought tickets good 
at all Mann Theatres in San Diego, You get 
one free with any $8,00 purchase that 
includes pizza, when you use this coupon, 

Offer good while supply last~-nol good 
on take out orders, 

I 
.ALEXANDER'S PIZZA. 

4605 E. Mission Bay Dr. 
1/2 block south of Garnet 

272-2400 



10 Tue., Oct. 30, 1979 

Chocolate City Takes the Cake Alcohol, Used Moderately, 
Can Be Good For the Heart c:.n..Ifrom ".,. 8 rever.ed the momentum of the line of ~crimr::te. The .~me: After the game, 

controveraial call much of '. wanted to protest the 
the _Iteam out of the I..Za and cal to the 1M department. 

Declining Expectations 
~ ... from ".,. 2 
however, . we blame inAalion 
on our Ieadenhip and continue 
expec~ govel .kllent to aoIve 
our problema. PJoporilion 13 
was theclaaric illustration -
the majority 01 thole voting for 
it IhoutJht there would be no 
reduction in rervicea required 
by the mauive tax cut. 

• think we are inevitably 
~ fOt' a Revolution of 
Declirung Expectation •. . A 
,oocI (int rip ia the talk of 
ianorint the private foibles 01 
IC:!intial hopeful Ted 

y. At leut we wiD not 
expect our leaden to be both 
aIamoroua and chute. (Yea • 
bow c_1ily ia not the entire 
iuue in the Chappaquiddick 
aff.r. Kennedy'. candidacy 
ClIft be viewed AI an ominous 
damor for a man on 

. honebeck to iave us all. But 
on thiI point I aanain an 
opIimi8t.) 

I expect thia revolution to 
..... with a de.-c:alalion of 
....... ic and • .lcepticirm 
toward . and people 
who :.::=. A .... a1 
tumi"l toward individual 
effOt't and private leCtor 

at 

ingenuity as sources 01 hope 
ahould folow. Government 
wiD be evaluated by the 
appropriatenell of ill 
deci.iona, not the appearance 
of reaub.. But in the meantime 
there may be conriderable 
pain a. we make the 

St;;isand 
Is Out 
Of Water 

Cunfia L" fran ".,. 7 
munber than Patti Smith hal 
trying out for the female lead 
of TIle King and I. 

Wet wiD aImo.t certainly be 
another big .eller for 
Streiaand, but it i. only an 
adequate collection of song., 
paling beside her earlie.t 
album.. 1\ere are many fine 
rongwriter. active :::r who 
could .uppIy &rei with 
bettwer material, and_perha.,. 
aometime I0OI1 .hell utilize 
them. Otherwise, her fana wiD 
continue to hear an 
outstanding voice slruglding to 
make the beat out Of banal 
wOt'da and muric. 

Find Out 

The rest of the game was all 
Chocolate City as McMichael 
led hi. team to two more 
Korea while Marlon "The 
Ma;ician" Moore came up 
with two key interceptions, 
foiling potential LZ driVel! : 

Carr""aerllrom IJaIIe 5 
P~1e who drink about three beerll, three ~Ia.se. of wine or 

two highballs a day may be leu likely to die of coronary di.ease 
than people who abstain from alcohol, the report says. 

The final score Willi 34-12, 
which seem. a ~ule one-sided. 

But exactly why alcohol protecta against heart disease is 
something the researcher. don't know for .ure. 

An editorial ~y. doctor~ should look cautiously at the finding. Chocolate City play. 1M 
football with the .ame 
efficiency USC plaY' NCAA 
tootbaD. Anybody who feels 
that intercollegiate football i. 
dead at UCSD ahouId catch 
Chocolate City in the playoff •. 
They won't be disappointing. 

D! . . WP Ca.t~ti o! the NatlOl18l Heart Institute, wrote, "With 17 m~ ~coho~c. 1ft. this country we perhaps have a meuageior 
which. thl' country IS not yet ready." 

The researchers, a team of doctors at Harvard Medical School 
co8ected d.ata on 568 men who had died of heart disease and 
compared It t? data on an eq.ual num~r of men in the same age 

grou~ and Wlt~ the ~~ lOCIoeconomlc background, researcher 
Dr. Walter Willett laid In a telephone interview. 

'Banded Together' For Fun 
CGntIn •• 11ram ".. , 
emphaaill on basic, driving rock and roll. 
chapman'. .ongwriting ill 81 .harp 81 ever, 
conveying ' a touch and yet com~l)' female 
image with a cutting emotion ~.Je. HighIijJhta 
include a superior remake of "Why Can't I Be 
Ulce Other Girls?" a playful account of coming of 
age called "Don't Make Me Pre~" and a 
superb ode to the rock and roll life, 'Don't Leave 
This Girl Alone." 

Banded TOflether i. a ·rather fun record, 
though; it'. a fine compilation of previously-
re&ea.ed Outlaw efforts, with the added bonus of 
appearnacea by Outlaw emeritu. Johnny Ca.h 
and the ubiquitous George Jones .. 

Side one starts 011 with a~r of Johnny 
Caah/Waylon .Jenning duets, "There Ain't No 
good Chain Gang" and ". Wish • Was Crazy 
AGain," which make good UIe of 'The Man In 
Black'. ability to sound gloomy and cheerful at 

the same time. Willie .topa by with live verllion. 
of "Good Hearted Woman (In Love with a Good 
Timin' Man)" (the title say. it all, in the be.t 
country tradition) and the tender "If You Could 
Touch Her At AU." David Allan Coe hoftOt'l the 
Outlaws with his "Waylon, WiUie and Me" 
which allO acknowledges the influence of ~k 
and mil. 

Side two commences with Johnny ("Take 
Thi. Job And Shove It") Paycheck telling of hill 
wild lifestyle on "(Stay Away From) The 
Cocaine Train" and "I'm the Only Hell (Mama 
Ever Raised)." The Charlie Daniel. Band hal a 
~u~ .brighter ou~, even on a IOI1If titled 
WIChita County Jail. Bobbrk Bare reminds you 

once aaain that "Coin' , I:' - - C ., ,_.. p. Laay, onun 
Down II . Hard and, finally, George Jonetl 
~epeall hi. duet with James Taylor , "Bartender'. 
Bluea" (an ~ choice, considering what there 
was to choose from). 

Soft Contact Lenses 

OrO A Ror abaugh 
& ASSOCiates 
Optometrists 

$118 
.... (d· ((lnLlCt Ipn., ((I(l:'ld!,lt,'fI Itld 

1""..dli.~I : " ,II no 'n,r~;1 

N2l211 

Monday, November 12, 1979 
·ENERGY 

SOLUTION: Magnavox Advanced Products Division 
has challenging careers 
In these disciplines: 
.y.,.... ......... 
lU'anaa'._1T 
DIGITAL ...... ' 
CU81'OM LSI anD.GPFIDT 
.-cMA_AL_a 
'AClCA_ 

Magnavox Advanced Products 
Division, is organiZed into three 
product directorates Marine 
Systems, Global Positioning 
Systems. and Communication 
Systems. The open atmosphere 
encourages interaction 
between engineers in all fields 
as well as, a stimulating 

. environment for individual 
growth. 

Find out if you belong at 
Magnavox. ~ign up today to 
talk to Blaine Osburn, our 
Campus Representative. 
Monday, Nov. 12, 1179 
College Placement 
Office 

NlCl9D9.M.2~ 
Advanced Products DMIton 
EQUal oppoIIuIIIIy ~ MInaIIIII. WOIMn. HoncIIcCllllleclIllClfltldUc* ale -"CCIIIIao-cIIo ~ 

SIIiIdI_ 
18 __ * 
They' give you energy 
. Wlth every step . . 

tA:::; 
-. ... A. , .... ·db Slat 0CIIII0uNd 

fdId 

1111 Prospect Street 
La Jolla 454.7577 

liiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiji 

Tue., Oct. 30, 1979 

Classifieds 
ANNOU NCEM ENTS Discount books atlhe yardsale on the Revelle Plaza Wed. Oct. 31 at noon. 

Revelle Book Coop. 
One-ha" price pizzas at Carnegie A-
440. Oct 31 & Nov t . t 979. see our 
display ad on page 5 for rUI~. MIME WORKSHOP Sal. Nov. 3 wilh 

Sandy Sax. Forlnlormationcallthe UC 
Phil Blazer.editor of Israel Today will, Crahs Center 452-202 1 (1112) 
speak 0fI his Mideast trip with Jesse 
Jackson-Thursday. Nov. 1 at 8:00 in 
HL 1402. Don't Miss itl! (11/1 ) 

Phil Blazer speaks on PLO. Jews and 
Jesse Jackson - FREE HL 1402. 
Thursday night at 8:00. (11/1) 
Corne hear Phil Blazer speak about his 
trip with Jesse Jackson. (11 / 1) 

Human rights for Ireland .1 
DEMONSTRATION - SAN DIEGO' 
Sports Arena . Nov 1 - 6:30 pm. For 
details call 728-9655. (11 /1 ) 

Bake sale Tues Oct 30 10:30 on. 
Sponsored by Alpha Omecron Pi for 
Philanthropy Fund at Revelle Plaza. 
(to/30) 

CASINO needs volunleers to help set, 
up ttie new intemship office. Get: 
inside info on great internships in 5'.0., 
Wash, OC and others. Come to 
meeting Tues Oct 30, 3 pm North 
Conference Room Student Center. 
(10/30) , 

CASINO is the new COMMUNITY I 
ASSOCIA TED STUDENTS INTERN-
SHIP OFFICE! Watch for us! ,,-1 1/2) 

TRACK & FIELD MEETING' All 
interested men & women please 
-attend on Wednesday at 7 pm. 
Adaptive PE rm. 

Irs a bird. irs a plane, irs a Muir 
Halloween Costume Dance tomorrow 
at 8:30. Muir cafeteria. 

REMEMBERI Study tonite so you can 
party lomorrow at the Muir Halloween 
Costume Dance. Study! 

So you wa nt to go to graduate school... 
There will be a lacully lstafl panel 
discussing applicalion procedures, 
admiSSion cnteria. finanCial support 
etc lor academic graduate programs 
on Monday. Nov. 5 Irom 4·00 ·5:00 in 
room 2100 8SV. Deadlines lor 
graduale programs are approaching 
quicklyl 

PERSONAls 

ASORTIONISTS HIRED TO KILL 
WITH YOUR REG FEES? YES! 
ANGRY! OBJECT? JOIN THE 
RESISTORS! HOW? 454-1962. (11/2) 

When I was l -and-201 I heard a wise 
man say I gil/e up your virginity / Irs 
much more fun that way I give it up for 
pearls and rubies / but keep your 
fancy free I when I wa s t -and-20 I it 
seemed good advice 10 me. When I 
was 2-and-20/ I heard himsayagainl 
If you heed these words my girl/then I 
will not be in vainl for you'll have 
jewels a-plenly and fortune if you do l 
now I am 2 -and-201 and oh tis true. tis . 
truel Happy B-Day to Dee Dee the 
amiable eccenlrlc! 

FUNGUS FLIGHT CREW: Drown your 
sparks. st ir all fires. Let the twilight 
form a door in the sky. then enter. 
Night and fog. (10/29,30) 

AROUND TOWN 
CcwMn •• ' m.n ".,. 9 

• 

TbeDaUYOU~~D~, ~, __________________ ~ ________________ l_l 

$100 REWARD for info leading to 
return of in dash AMIFM casselle and 
ADS speakers and UEI equalizer. 
(10/31) 

ABORTION IS A CRIME THAT KILLS 
NOT ONLY THE CHILD BUT ALSO 
THE CONSCIENCES OF ALL 
INVOLVED. MOTH eR THERESA 
'(11 /2) 

fOR SAlE 

Ford '65 Mustang 289 4 speed prime 
condition. $2500 453-6155. ( 10 /30) • 

Ski boots Scoll small shell $95 Lange 
6 $45 Catherine 452-0667. (t1 /2) 

For sale United Airlines half fare 
cou~on for $55. Call David 453-6466. 
(10/ 31) 

'75 SAAB 99LE, 3-door·wagon back 
white. slero-cassells player. Michel in 
radials. fuel injection. standard trans. 

. e~cellenl condition. Moving 10 Europe 
must sell. besl offer. Evenings 481 -
5298 Serena (10/ 30) 

Sunset surfboard 7 fl . custom design 
fast excellent condition. $130. Larry 
273-9058. (10/30) 

For sale AA discount coupon, half fare. 
Best offer. Call nights ask for Jon 279-
4099, if not hOme leave message. 
(11 11 ) 

TRAVEL 

CIEE sluden1lravel center located on 
Ihe 2nd floor of the student cenler 
open MWF 8-12. TIh 12-4. (11/30) 

WANTEd 
Science Writers: The Daily Guardian 
wants you!!! (10/29) 

Paid Male Volunteers 21 or over for 
Lung Study at u nWersity Hospital. 
Pays $tt5. Call Dr. Shure 294 -5840. 
(1.1 I t ) 

CASINO internship volu(1teers 
wanted! Come to meeting Tues Oct 30 
3 pm North Conference Room, 
Student Center. (t 0/30) 

Roommates to share 3 bdrm hOuse 
$135/mo. Ask lor Mike 566-2964. 
(10/30 

Babysiller housekeeper my Del Mar 
home. 2 boys 8 & 13 M-F. 2-6 pm. 
$3 /hr. ref. Must dril/e 481 ·5856. 
(0/30) 

Wanted: Science-oriented students 
who can write I This is your chance to 
improve your Skills. make some S$S 
and meet new people. See John 
Hondros at The Daily Guardian office 
in the Studenl Center. (10/29) 

FO(ming jazz/funk band. Looking fO( a 
keyboard player. call Eric 453-1294. 
(tO/3t) 

ltousiNG 
Wanted one female to share Iwo 
bedroon apartment in Encinitas. $150 
per month plus uti I. Call Mary 436-
9639; (10 /3 0) 

Available in December: room for male 
10 share 4 bedrm w/ fireplace. pool. 

Lu~ury country living. 20 min from 
campus. '% mile from beach. $175/100 
Oceanside. 722-7939 (11/30) 

Roommate needed for Ihe monlh of 
November. Walking distance to 
campus $100 call Michael. 452-9239. 
Eves. (10/3t) 

Wanted: Roommate to rent single 
room in Univer,slty City house. $1 15 
per month.- Call after 8. 453-5264. 
(tO/3t) 

SERViCES 
Typing - term papers. theses. diss . 
manuscripts, etc. 1MB correcting 
selectric reasonable. Mrs. OIds 455-
0127, (11/2) 

Typing - term papers, theses , 
manuscripts. etc . quickly and 
accurately. Call Terry after 4:30 27 1-
0383. (11 /2) 

TYPists : IBM exper I lhese/disser I 
lerm papers/editing. RUSH JOBS! 
453-0656 452-1588 286-4936 
225-1449. (6/15) 

JENNY'S HOME TYPING .- Term 
P.lpers. theses. diss. Days and eves 
2"25-1449. (11/30) 
Typing: University City. IBM II8leclric. 
Fast, reliable. Days 452-4244, ask for 
Jane, eves 453-4966. (11/30) 

US SENATE INTERNSHIP - h could 
happen for you with CASI(-JO the new 
AS internship office on campus. Gel 
inside info working as a CASINO 
volunteer. Meeling 3 pm Tues Oct 30 
North Conference Room. Student 
Center. (10/30) 

Kegs. kegs. kegS!!1 Best prices around 
UCSD. PB . MB. order today for 
Halloweenl Rick 272-1855. (10/30) 

One-half price pizzas at carnegie A-
440. Oct 31 & NQv 1. 1979. See our 
display ad on page 5 for rUles. • 

modem tranrport, II further proal 01 hit 
fertile imqination. 

The concert it free and open to the 
public:. 

"Avery play two ceIImatea, one serving 
a 10.year sentence, the other 
incarcerated for life. While in prilOn, 
:!:l,become friends and they devise 

Student Union. Call 452-3120 for 
more information. 

Monic, Mingua and others, Will be 
performed by Twetzky, with Noneu 
Ture"., lute, P .... Sf"Gfue, ,uitar, 
Bldch LacJIr piano, Jim Prank, drums, 
and Lori Ki~ll, cello. 

TuretzIcy i. notted all .ound the 
world not only for hi. masterful 
interpretation of c1allic and 
c:ontemporaa'y jazz, u well as new 
muric in general, but a110 for many 
IUCceuful mutei'd .... and seminara 
on bus techniquea, which have 

FOt'information cal 452·3229. 

onn a home.pun version of 
Sophocles' Antigone. -

i ICkell to the performance cost $1 
and can be purchased at the UCSD 
Central BOx Office. The play i. 
cosponsored by the UC San Diego 
Department of Drama and the Black 

The inimitable lHrt Turet2lru, 
known to all for hit remarkable feats on 
the contrabua, has lathered other 
v .... tiIe musicians for an evening of 
jazz,. SwxIay, Nov . . 4, at Spm, 
Mandeville Recital Hall, UCSD. 

. served as i!!§Plration to many young 
muriciana. lhe development of anew, 
amaller baas, which i. more auitable .for Classical jazz and blues by Ellington, 

. ~-----------------~-------, 
I ROLLER SKATE I I I 
I 504.:, j 
I I I""'" before I p.m •• ~ ODUPOA. 2 or more PIOPIe I 
-------------------------u-. .... in .............. Itv .... 

AI.) E .... d in Wridne-
AI ItyIM A ....... 

.,30.00.... IBO_OO lb. 
G..,MtIId Pra ....l t..... Guerana,ed Price 

190 ",n. "5 
Discount Skates 

Pa:iflc a.dI 
4482 'MillIon Blvd. It.tw.n Grind end a.metl 

10 a.m. to 12 p.m.-'tiI11 Lm. Friday and SmJrdllY 

ENRDT.T.MENT 
INFO, WINTER 

1980---~-" 
November 1 & 2: 

REGIST~ATION PACKETS distributed to 
continuing UNDERGRADUATE students at the ' 
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR, AC 101, 9:00 am 
to 3:00 pm. 

GRADUATE student packets will be sent to 
departments. 

November 6: 
Schedule of classes available jn bookstore. 

November 5-9: 
Advisement Period. 

November 12-16: 
Registration Week. 

November 16: 
Last day for CONTINUING STUDENT 
enrollment without $1 0 fee. 

December 4: 
Course confirmations available for enrolled 
students. Undergraduates who live on campus 
will receive their confirmations in ' their dorm 
boxes. All other undergraduates may pick up 
confirmations at the flegistrar's Office, AC 101 , 
beginning at noon. Graduate confirmations will 
be sent to departments. 

... 

Nov. 6, 8pm, Mandeville Recital 
Hall .• marIca ihe. recond concert in a 
HrieI of reven, prea..aed on the 
Atomic: CAle, a forum for new work. 
by muriciana and other arti .... 

For information call Jeffrey 
Mumford, 755·2338 "f 452-3229. 

The Country Deli 



11 

Get facts 
on the law 
school 
-admission 
process. 
Twelve law school representatives 
participate in a panel 
discussion of curriculum, 
admissions, and placement. 

Check 
out 
these law 
schools. 
An open discussion allows you 
to talk to the law school 
recruiters and pick up 
application forms and literature 
on their schools. 
C.11fom .. Weatem 
School of L8w 
GoIdwI o.te Unlveralty 
School of L8w 
Oonap Unlveralty 
Uw·Schooi 
McGeorge School of UIw 
UnIvw8Ity of the Pllclflc 
tt.pPI"'. UnIwnIty 
lchooIot .... 
SouthwMtIm Unlveralty 
School of Law 
UnIveraIty of Puget Sound 
School of Law 
Unlveralty of San DIego 
School of L8w 
Unlv.,.11y of San Frllnclaco 
School of Law 
Unlverility of Santa Cia,. 
School of L8w 
Whittier College 
School of Law 
WI.larnette Unlv.ralty 
College of Law 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1979 

SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY 
AZTEC CENTER 

1:30 p.m. - 4:30 ~.m. 

For more information, contact: 
Counseling Services & Placement 
San Diego State University 
265-6851 

Open to all students and 
alumni of colleges and 
universities in this area. 

Tue., Oct. 30, 1979 

NEW __ Communlcaflon, Program COURSES Winter. 1980 
The Communications Program, Third College, will be 
offering the following NEW COURSES during .the Winter 
1980 Quarter: 

. ..---
Communications lOS -Media Stereotypes: An 
examination of ho"'t the media present society's 
members and acitivities in stereotypical formats. MWF 
10:00-10:50, USB 4020A. (Meets CC / MM, Micro 
requirements for major.) 
Communications 14S-Ethnic Images in Film: (cross listed 
History 162) Explorations of the relation between 
fantasies on film and the realities of the role of race, 
religion, and nlltional origin in American film. M 3:00-6:50 
Hl 1205 (Meets CC, Micro requirements for major.) 
Communications 148-Media and the Third World: A 
comparison and analysis of different types of media 
productions made by the Third World an western 
communicators. Th 2:30-5:20 APM 2402 (Meets ce, 
Micro requirements for major.) 
Communicatons 161-Gontent Analysis: (cross-listed 
PolSci 182) A methods course designed as an -
introdoction to content analysis; the scientific and 
systematic objective employed in verbal and non-verbal 
message analysis. MWF 2:00-2:50 MCC 124. (Meets ce, 
Micro requirements for major.) 
Communications 192-Seminar: TV Research: An upper 
level research seminar on the effects of television on 
human behavior. Tu/Th ·8:00-9:20 BB 2103. (Meets CC, 
Micro requirements for major.) 

WElT I SERIlCE 
Allo 1e",/dItt VoIIIO, 9/4 '" and Japa"ek can 

(fonnerly Mobile VW Service) 
We n lOrry tIMt IW are "OW Umlting kf'llice cw", ;0 cw" tIMt wlU fIOt 

It",,; /townler, ~ n IuIppy tlult we are IIOW able to offer you a ""'dr 
"IIer Nrlety oflUlllce tor your vw. You bow from our prniolUlld. that 
our price. _low, ""t more importa"t tIM" tlult i, our lillcen dffin to 
Itme fM th, ablDblle IH'fectio" tlult I demlUld fro",. mytelf aM my 
meclul"icI. Our flew ioCfItio" in Minio" VaUey I. equipped with the {fIIelt 
l«IIIlia to lenl« your VW. MIllfY VW ow"m KO {rom o"e Ihop to 
IIIfOtlter wo"derl"6 II they will eper /l"d o"e tltat it ho"elt, ,ymptltltetlc, 
cwpable and frleltdly. 

If you line"",, dlutztil/lftJ with your {Jtlll se",ice, the" )'Ou IuIFe flO' 
tried our IItop yet. W, try to be competitiri 0" price., but, ~ an rNlly 
mor, corrcer"ftJ with bei", Sa" Diego ~ hllhe.t qUillity shop tha" ill 
cheap",. 

Let', face It, malt" craltllM" do fIOt work cheaply. My meclul"icr 
an amo", the hllh", paid a!,ywlten, but they are weI/worth the COlt. 
We lunIe flO tnl"eu. I do fIOt tolerate "'ort cu t. or inferior parts. 0" the 
co"trtlry, we Ule 11'«_1 teclt"lqun 0" our e",ine rebuild, wltich flO other 
lito", Uk, aM ~ alT" the o"'Y "'op a"ywltere tllllt KUfI!tI"tuf our e"6l"el 
., 10"1 tI, you OW" you, CtU. You IIIIve my perlO"al,lltlnotu tlult you will 
be completely IIItil/led with our "",ice. Ellery ctUtomer it importaflt to u, 
tIIId our reputatio" ilspotlnl. Pfeille cwillor detllih. h ~ ~ _ ,/ 

SI"cerely, ~ ~~ 
E",uae rebuild wit" CtlInnUl lind Itailllea ,ud ,.lre. $450.00 

TuM>-IIP" ".I.e «/JIIltmMt (bf4) $22.50 
New cII,tdr - fMTI,4I teo, $9$.00 

RePtl''''''y 011 INa $/5.000/1 
New VW bIImpe" $25.00 e«II 
."., .mle IItockl $20.00 etIdr 

, .. MIlk 11m IWdIllll $36.00 
OPEN 7 DAYS 7:30a.m.-7:30 .m. 2804232 

'~S·ki a~-......... 
1(1 Carte" 

. A Wanen Miller Production 

2 ShowIngs: 
7:30 pm and 9:30 Pm 
Thur:sckJv. November 1 
USB 2722 

Sponsored by 
Snow SkI Club 

ampul Recreation ............ _ .. 


