
The Daill!: Guardian 
Volume 38, Number 32 Univenity of California, San Diego Monday, November 5, 1979 

Huts, B'ldgs 
At Warren 
Tom Down? 

By Rebecca Poole 
State anayllts will be 

impeding the deteriorating 
central service buildingl and 
quonlet hutl on Warren 
campus next month to 
determine if state funds will be 
allotted to tear them down. 

The estimated cost of 
reconltruction is over $2 
million. 

Of the service buildings, 14 
are considered leilmically 
unsafe and aU are badly 
deteriorating, saYIBetty Irvin, 
UCSD educational facility 
planner. 

The service buildings, also 
called the corporation yard, 
consilts of 20 warehouses and 
shops for grounds equipment 
and transpOrtation services. 

If the state agree. to fund 
the project, the corporation 
yard will be relocated from the 
center of Warren campul to 
six acres of undeveloped land 
north of Miramar Road 
bordering the west side of 
Interltate 5. 

The relocation of the 
corporation yard will allow the 

Dramah._Y!~ Arts and 
Music ~nta to move 
out of the quonset hub into the 
service buildingl which will be 
retained. 

"The quonset huts are old 
marine quarterl which are 
inadequate for the visual art 
classes and drama scene 
shoPI, because they need 
more storage apace and higher 
ceilings," saYI Irvin. 

"Hopefully we will be able 
to have most of the quonaeta 
tom down and replacP.d with a 
parking lot." 

Relocating the corporation 
yard will allo involve 
removing the buildings that 
separate Warren's residential 
facilities from the college's 
·academic facilitiel, titus 
" unifying" the Warren 
campus, Irvin sals. . 

U money is allotted for this 
project, reconltruction will 
betin in 1981 , while the 
projected year for completion 
will be 1984. 

AccorinS to Irvin the 
chances of receivins state 
fund. are "not known." 
Planning money baa been 
r~eated e\'8')' year since 
1975, but the regUNt has been 
delayed each time, .he say .. 

Irvin propo.ea that 
rebuilding the corporation 
yard wiD create efficient work 
flow, proper traffic patternl 
and better utilization of 
exiating equipment. 

c......tiu~oto 
"fint come fint serve" wu taken aerioualy by five Ski Club member. who lpent Thunday m,ht in 
front of the Box Office in order to be at the front of the line for ticket. to a week in A.pen. From left 
they are BiU C1abby, Gretchen Keehler, Dick Need, John Wanek and Randy Snyder. When the Box 
Office opened at 11 am Friday, at leut 100 of the 200 lid dub member. were waiq in line for the 
160 tickets. 

McElroy Denies Proposed Third 
MiniDlUD1 Minority EnrollDlent 
'A Mi.take to Put Actual Number. On Our Goal.' 

Sya.rr,M .. po. 
Oumcellor McElroy found him.eJf in the 

middle of another controversy, aa he declined to 
endorse the Third College minimum minority 
enrollment goals proposed in October by 
Provost Joe Watson and the Third CoIJege 
Council. 

"deeply di.appointed that the Thiftt College 
mininnun enrollment goals were net adopted. I 
am particular)' distressed because these modeat 
goals are both reaaonable and achievable." 

In a reply to McFlroy, Watson said he waa 

In o~ to combat decreasing minority 
enrollment and retention, the Third College 
Council, backed by Watson, adofted minimum 
minority enrollment J{Oail for Fal 1980. These 

11Urd CoIIep ProYOlt Joe WatlOl1 i. -disappointed." 

'Abalone Alliance' No-Nuke 
Rally Here Tomorrow Noon 

The "Abalone Alliance," backed by several campus and 
regional organizations, is sponsoring an anti-nuclear power rally 
tomorrow at noon on the gym stepa. . 

The rally, a prelude to Saturday'l anti·San Onofre plant rally at 
Dohoney State Beach, wiD be held with music and no· nukes 
speaker .... 

The group is aIao planning to coordinate carpools to Saturday's 
rally. 

1'he Alliance just formed at VCSD iI joining 24 other groupe 
8Cr0il the state. 

The Alliance is supported by CalPIRG, Greenpeace, the 
Community EnerO Action Network and the Campaign for 
Economic Democracy amons othert. 

It prol._ to follow a code of "non-violent discipline and the 
decilion I1NIkina conaenIUI process." 

Betwe.. leVen and ten thousand people are expected to attend 
Saturday'. raDy, planned u one o( the largest of its kind in the 
1taIe'. history. 

goals for a minimum total of 
600 new ltudents, composed 
of at least 100 blacks, 100 
Chicanos, 85 Asianl and 15 
Native American students. 

Watson and the council 
requested the Chancellor's 
endorsement for these 
pro~osals and Chancellor 
McElroy replied that "it would 
be a miltake to put actual 
numbers on our enrollment 
goals at this time." He did, 
however, emphalize that he is 
comm,itted to increasing 
minority enrollment at 
UCSD. 

The Third College Council 
last week received support for 
their proposal from the the AS 
Council, the Muir Council, the 
Revelle Council, the Student 
Affirmative Action Commit· 
tee aa well aa minority student 
organizations. 

An ad hoc committee of the 
Third College Council met 
Friday to discusl the minority 
enrollment problem at Third 
and to develop a strategy for 
receiving Chancellor 
McFJroy's endorsement for 
their minimum goal proposal. 

Said one committee 
member, Alexis Hernandez, 
"It ia embarraasing that the 
minority population at Third . 
·CoIlege is only 30 percent, 
when the original demandl 
called for a population of one· 
third black, one·third Chicano 
and one-third other." 

Pending full Council 
approval today, a ltudent 
forum and an official petition 
will be implemented in the 
effort to receive Chancellor 
McElroy'l endorsement. 

Leaking Oil 
Tank Must 
Be Drained 
So UCSD Will 
Switch from Gu 

By Ria Lee Podolak, 
Staff Writ. 

AI university official. · 
attempt to place blame for the 
leak in a fuel oil tank, the 
campus is switching over to 
fuel oil from natural gu to 
drain the tank. 

The leak was discovered 
Oct. 5 and haa been leaking 
almost ISO ;!lIIOI1I a day since 
then. Tom TribbbIe, Senior 
Superintendent of Utilities and 
Building Operations, saYI, 
"we took a sounding u a 
routine matter and there wu a 
lot leas oil than there ahouId 
have been. Either there was a 
leak, or somebody .. a lot of 
somebodies -- were wine 
the oil for their diesel Mercedes 
Benzes." 

"We've switched over the 
university's power IOUI'Ce from· 
natural gu to fuel oil to use up 
the reat 01 the oil. We'd rather 
not dump it into the ocean," 
laid a aource, who asked not 
be identified, in VCSD's 
Department of Arc:hitecta and 
Engineers. He aIao said that 
the oil would be used up by the 
middle of next week. 

The tank is situated behind 
Mayer Hall on the Revelle 
campus. 

It waa built, Tribble sayl, . 
"as the result of an advisory 
directive from S)'ltemwide 
Administration to all the VCI. 
They told us that it was 
advisable for each campus to 
have a 20·day reserve of 
heating oil because of pouible 
shortages." He ltates it COlt 
the university "about a doUar a 
gallon, or $100,000." 

After the oil il used up, the 
tank will be aandblaated. 
Tribble says the tank might 
then get an inside seal. 

John Hughes, chief 
mechanical en~neer for 
Architects and J:;ngineering 
agreed with Tribbles'l 
statement that, "nobody 
knowl why the tank started 
leaking." 

However , Tribble sayl he il 
positive that the leak is not due 
to negligence on the 
university's part. 

jC An independent company 
designed it, an independent 
company built it. Right now 
we're investigating." 

But Architects and 
Engineers is required to 

. approve delignl of all campus 
building., campus architect 
Chuck Powers said. 

And Tribble waa equally 
sure about the lafety of the 
leak. "You'd have to put a 
torch down there to get the oil 
to bum." 

Ten holes, dUS around the 
tank to find the leak exposed 
oil to the air, but were covered 
up Thunday. And l)ibble 
said that he ran an "Explosive 
Meter Test" which ".hawed 
conclusively" that the oil 

Plea .. 111m to "... .. 



• The Daily QUal'dian 

"'1>11111 __ _ 
_"L.A. __ 

Letters to the Editor 
Diablo Plant Rush is Outrageous 

Editor: 
In The Oed'" quardian'. 

Oct. 30 news brief section, 
next to a blurb about 
thouaanda 01 arrests during 
demon.tration. dramatizing 
the relationahipa between big 
buaine.. and the nuclear 
induatry, I found a piece that 
wu 10 outrageous I had to 
read it twice to believe it. 

It seems that Pacific Ga. 
and FJectric wants the Nuclear 
Reaulatory Commiaaion to 
.weep unre.olved .afety 
concerns under the table and 
arant an operating license for 
the Diablo Canyon plant, 
8I'I(Uina that "It i. vital to the 
well-being of the citizen. of the 
alate of California." They 
daim that the remaining illues 
can be resolved after the plant 
is in operation. . 

Perhaps we .hould 
commend the utility for its 
deep interest in our welfare. At 
the .ame time, perhaps we 
.hould point out that initiating 
operation at a nudear plant i. 
not the .ame as firing up a 
conventional plant. 

Right now, the Diablo 
plants pose no health hazard 
to anyone. Were fuel rods to 
be inataIIed, any of thousands 
of "little problem." could result 
in the releaae of radiation in a 

The Dally Guarchan 

&ic Jaye 
Edilor 

Jeff Bernford·Howe 
News Edilor 

KAthy Huffer 
John Hondroa 

AuociaI" New_ Edilors 
John Klock 
Copy EdilCM' 

John H. T",1or 
OpiniOn Ed:!or 

Jon Goetz 
Sport. Edilor 

Matth_ Gieck 
Photo Edilor 
Ted Burke 
Art. Edilor 

H.ry Tolen 
c"neral Manlll{r, 

n.e Vail" Guardian i. 
DUbliahed Mo~ thru 
Friday' during the, FeflUJar 
schoOl yur IJy .1 udents al 
lhe Univenitv of California 
San Diego 

, 

j. 
; 

I 

Three Mile laland type event· existing waste storage sites . 
or much wone. storage, because there is no 

For example, one of the safe disposal technology . 
.afety iuue. rega rds have recen~y been shut down 
earthquakes. The plant wu because they are health 
built astride an active fault line hazards. The Kemeny 
. one which the power commission, concluding its 
company denied existed investigation of the Three Mae 
th rough con s tru ct io n. Island incident, recommended 
Apparendy, they wish to that licensing requirementa for 
establi.h that the plant is nuclear plants be more, not 
quake·proof by havins it ride leas, stringent. 
out a couple of big jolts. If a We do not need nuclear 
problem arise., they can power. Uranium, like oa, is a 
alway. abut it down - unlea. re.ource controlled by a 
it melts down first. foreign cartel , and- its price has 
. To the power company, been skyrocketing. The same 
commissioning a reactor i. the interests . and often the same 
first step on the road to corporations. that are not 
increased third quarter profits. chuckling over their record oil 
To the public, it represents profita, control the nuclear 
acceptance of the costs and industry. As a.recent Harvard 
risk. of dispo.a1 of nuclear Busines. School .tudy pointed 
waatea, radiation leaks and out, it will be far more 
pOllible cata.troohe. The Please turn 10 page 12 

Drivers Shouldn't Pass Up 
Students With Thumbs Out 

Editor: 
I live off campus in 

University City and have to 
commute to school every day 
by bus. Every once in a while I 
mill the connection between 
the 5 and the 41 and in order 
not to be late I have to 
hitchhike. 

Thanks to Pop 
Events ,Crew 
Editor: 

I think that the ~,483 
people who recendy attended 
the Dave Mason/ Jerry 
Riopelle concert at the gym 
can directly attribute the 
anootbnea. and proIeaaional-
iam of the show to a tireleaa 
grol.lp of their peer •. 

The IPOUP to which I refer i. 
the Pop Events Convnittee, 
consisting of 20 volunteer 
students who did al the 
behind·the-acene drudgery so 
that we could all see a 
Idamorou. production on 

~da'y. 
To Dave, Karen, Darcy, 

Michelle, Karl, Dave, Joni, 
Adam, Howard, CCB, 
Suzanne, MicheDe, Carolyn, 
Jackie, Nikki, Margie, Aimee, 
Jennifer, Rich, Andee, Sue, 
Mary, Louie, J ... and Joe . 
many thank. for your areat 
work. 

BILL SILVA 
Pop Events Chair 

The beat .pots are outaide 
Genesee Highland. on 
Genesee and Regents Rd., 
aIOIl8 which there is good 
traffic flow, including many 
.tudents. 

What really pillet me off, 
and the reason for thi.letter , i. 
the number of .tudenta in 
empty cars that don't even 
give you a fance, mUeJ,lea. a 
ride! What. wrong WI'\h you 
people? I'm obviou.ly a 
.tudent with my pack and 
heading towards school at 
eight in the moming. Are you 
that paranoid of getting 
mugged or raped? If that'. 
true, I reaDy feel lOrry for you. 
Are you in 10 much 01 a hurry 
that you can't take 15 seconds 
to uk where I'm Ifoint? or i. it 
that you are jus,t ca.t up in 
your own little world by 
yourself? . 

There are two reactions that 
I'd like to see in reaponae to 
this letter. The beat of which 
being that you (I feel r could 
name you by name) will.tart 
picking up fellow students on 
your way to school. Barring 
that, justify youraelves by 

writi~ a reaponae and PUttiDl 
it in The Dull, Guardian. But I 
JUet. this i. all wishful thinkm, 
because if you were truly 
aware human being. thi.letter 
wouldn't have been necessary 
to remind you of the world 
around you. Thank. for 
reading this far. 

MARK WILSON 

Monday, Nov. 5,1979 

..........----... Taught Hi. 'Bo •• ' - '----, 

Marcuse's Lessons 
By H. Stuart HUlfhe. 
"Is it true that you were 

once Herbert Marcuse's 
bOil?" Every so often 
someone asks me the 
question, and mr reluctant 
answer has to be ' ye •. " But if 
I go on to explain the full 
circumstances, the relation. 
ship sounds quite different -
indeed, almo.t the reverse. 

While employed by the 
US Ollice 01 Strategic 
Services from the early '40. 
tot h e e a rl·y , 50s, 
philosopher Herbert 
Marcuae worked for H. 
Stuart Hughes, now a 
professor 01 history ·at 
UCSD. Here Hughes offers 
his view 01 that period 01 
Marcuae's life. 

Herbert's decade of 
government service in 
Washington from the early 
1940. to the early 1950. -
first in the OSS (the non· 
conspiratorial half of it, the 
half that did not become the 
ancestor of the CIA), then in 
the Deparbnent of State -
remains an unchronicled 
aspect of his life. And on the 
rare occa.ions when it i. 
recalled, it is usually viewed 
as wasted or meaningless. 
More particularly the second 
part, the state department 
phase, after: the war against 
Nazism had been won and 
the new confrontation with 
the Soviet Union was 
beginning, has seemed 
bizarre to say the least. 
Fortunately this is the period 
of Herbert's life on which I 
am best, perhaps uniquely, 
equipped to testify. 

In a bureaucratic sense, I 
was hi. chief: only the native· 
born, the higher authorities 
had ruled, could head the 
new research divisions that 
had been inherited from the 
OSS. I was the roungest of 
such "bo •• es' - and 
suffering painful difficultie. in 
readjustment after five years 
in uniform. Personally and 
ideologically adrift, I needed 
guidance. Herbert w~ there 
10 provide it. An exquisitely 
anomalous po.ition: 
techni'cally Herbert's 
supervisor, I wu in fact hi. 
student. 

A word about the 
abno.phere in which we 
worked. If one corrects for 
the fact that nobody had 
coerced us into serving the 
government, our labor. bore 
an uncanny resemblance to , 
those of the phony research 
in.titute, 0," ".ara.hlla, 
delcribed by SoIzhenitsyn in ' 
The Firat Circle. A highly 
t'alented collection of 
diuident intellectual. - of 
whom the mo.t authoritative 
were German·Jewi.h 
emigres like Herbert -
wrote reports or drafted 
memoranda whose purpose 
remained veiled in obscurity . 
Frequendy it was unclear 
what was expected of us; 
what was clear was that the 
producta of our minds were 
seldom read by the •• tate 
department higher.ups and 
virtuaUy never acted on. But 
the pay wu 1JOOCI;..the work 
.. ce was leiaurely; there wu 
plenty of time for wide-
ranainl, irreverent conversa· 
tion. 

Thi. 1a.1 - the good talk 

on the government's time -
made the experience 
something more than merely 
depre .. ing . And here 
Herbert excelled . A. our 
senior figure , he- buoyed our 
spirits, not in any sense of 
giving us uplifting sermons, 
but simply by being himself. 
Although he abared to the full 
the prevailing skepticism 
about the assignments we 
received - in hi. ca.e, 
studies of a Germany just 
beginning to pull itself out of 
the ' rubble - and although 
his outward .stance seemed 
nonchalance personified, he 
did not draw the conclusion 
at which some of his 
associates has arrived that 
the work might just as well be 
sloppy or perfunctory. 

On the contrary, Herbert 
set the example of a job weD 
done: the prose he wrote was 
simple, clear, precise, as 
opposed to the heavy, 
ungrammatical T eutoniams 
with which others sprinkled 
their reports. With 
corresponding rigor, he 
tacitly decreed that we would 
refuse to countenance what 
we had not. yet learned to call 
the Cold War. Elementary 
prudence dictated that Marx 
should be absent from 
Herbert's memoranda; but 
the spirit of the foUnder of 
dialectical materialism was 
lurking in the background. 
That background, it lOOn 
became evident, was the 
needs and aspiration., not of 
our country, but of the anti· 
fascists among the popula· 
tionin question.(The national 
interest, so·called, could 
safely be left to the state 
department professionals.) 
And arnon~ the needs closest 
to Herbert s heart was the 
continuity of the German 

. cultural tradition - a 
concern which he once 
expressed in his characteris· 
tic indirect form by striding 
up and down the vast room in 
which we worked, regaling us 
with a reading from Goethe's 
obscure and ribald poem, 
Do. Tagebuch. 

Herbert'. humor gave joy 
to us all. It was a 
recogmably Jewish humor 
compounded of reaIi.ticaily 
accepting the wor.t while 
laughing at its incongruity. 
Un,laublich - unbelievable 
- was one of Herbert'. 
favorite expression •• Hi. wit, 
unlike hi. prose, delighted in 
German worda, wi&h, in the 

. ~rit 01 Heine, a spice of 
French thrown in. The 
informal in.truction he 
imparted exploiaed to the fuD 
the resources of such humor, 
transmuting Wa.hington'. 
"FoilY Bottom'" into a 
Magic Mountain for Hans 
Caatorpa like myself. 

Ouring the years when I 
saw him almost daily, I had 
no idea who he wu or was to 
become. I never even 
.u.pected the exi.tence of hi. 
bohnbrechend es.ay. of the 
lale 19301. In the summer of 
194 7 he gave me a copy of 
hi. Rea.on and IWvolation, 

• bul I did not read it until a 
y~ and a half later, after I 
had left government service 
and returned to academia. 
Herbert had inlCribed the 
copy "in friendship": that 

Please lurn to paRe 12 

The Daily G\HII'dia II 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
[INTERNATIONAL I I 
Idi Vows Comeback 

PARIS - Former Ugandan didator ldi Amin, in 
an interview with a French magazine, vows to re·take 

pow~ lOOn in his eas( African coun~ bu~ say. h~ is 
waibng for the people to become disillUSIOned WIth 
the present govermtent. 

Amin also said atomic and hydrogen bombs 
should be di.tributed equally among all nations and 
that he had escaped from Uganda after his ouster last 
April by wearing the uniform of a Tanzanian soldier 
and driving away in a Tanzanian army jeep. 

"Historically, after' a civil war, the people always 
wait for a miracle from the new. government,'~ the 
former strongman said in an interview in the latest 
illue of Le Figaro, conducted at Amin's residence·in· 
exile in Uhya. 

"Once the people have been deceived, they will 
begin to compare my government with the new 
regime and will realize my qualitie •. Believe me, I will 
return lOOn to liberate my country," said Amin, 
whom human right organizations had denouced as 
one of the mo.t brutal national leaders in the world. 

The burly dictator, who .eized power in a 1971 
military coup was overthroWn by Uganda rebels 
backed by Tanzanian troops. Yusufu Lule, a 
conservative named by Uganda exiles to succeed 
Amin, was ousted in June by leftists and modera~es 
with Tanzanian support. He was replaced WIth 
Godfrey Binaisa, the current president. 

Asked if he was a cannibal, Amin said he was not 
but that he was once forced to eat human flesh. 

All-Stars in Japan 
TOKYO - Forty.six American major league 

baseball players, representing two a11-star teams on 
an exhibition tour of Japan, arrived at Tokyo'. 
Narita Airport last night. 

The team. will open a nine· game exhibition 
schedule in Yokohama Wednesday. The American 
and National League AU·Stars will play each other 
seven times, with two other games against Japanese 
AIl-Stars. 

Manager Earl Weaver of the American League 
champion Blatimore Orioles wiD manage the AL 
team, and Tom Lasorda of the Los Angeles Dodgers 
wal manage the National League team. 

The deadline for the Education 
Abroad Program for United 

Kingdom/Ireland ONLY is 

I NOVEMBER 9, 1979 1 

for qualified sophomores & juniors 

NATIONAL II I-_ STATE' 
IRA 'Escapee Held 
PHILADELPHIA - A l)1ember of the Irish 

Republican Anny who blasted his way from a top 
security prison in the Republic of Ireland in 1976 
face. a deportation hearing here Wednesday, 
authorities .aid. 

Michael O'Rourke, wanted for questioning in two 
suspected IRA bomb alayings, i. being held in the 
Salem County, NJ, jail on charges of violating US 
immigration laws. 

O'Rourke, 27, was jailed Thursday after he was 
picked up for qUelitioning by FBI agents two day. 
ear1iere, said Lyle Karn, regional director of the US 
lnunigration and Naturalization Service. 

O'Rourke was living in Philadelphia under the 
name Patrick Mannion when agents located him, 
accordirlj to Edgar N. Beat, special agent in charge 
of the FBI in Philadelphia. 

SAL T Advocated 
NEW YORK - A Carter administration .pecial 

advisor on Soviet affairs said yesterday that 
ratification of the Strat~ Arms Limitation Treaty 
abould not be linked to the disposition of Soviet 
combat troop. in Cuba. 

'''It makes no tense as a general proPQsition for us 
to tie SALT to other aspects in Soviet behavior ," said 
Dr. Marshall Shulman on NBC's Meet the Press. But 
he added , "It i. clear that this requires constant 
surveillance from Washington." 

Shulman said he did not think military competition 
between the United State. and the Soviets would lead 
to war. 

"The Soviets are clearly engaged in a competitive 
relationship with us. I don't think it add. up to a 
challenge leadina to a confrontation," he said. 

He 81so contended the United States had not fallen 
behind the Soviet Union in military might. "We are 
ahead. There'. no responsible military leader in this ' 
country who would trade places with the Soviet 
Union," he said. 

But, Shulman I added , the -:&vieta' growing 
economic proglems would take the back seat to their 
determination to keep abreast of the United States in 
military power. 

SF Mayor 'Shot' 
SAN FRANCISCO - Mayor Dianne Feinstein, 

campaigning door to door for this week'. election, ' 
was startled by a man who pointed a piatol~1haped 
lighter at her and pulled the triger. 

The authentic-looking pistol shot out a butane 
flame, but the mayor was unharmed during the 
incident Saturday. 

"It hapPened 10 quiCkly I realized for the first time 
how helplell you are," .aid Mrs. Feinstein, who 
succeeded George MOiCODe lut year after his 
a .. asainalion. 

"There 'was no time to duck or react," abe added. 
"Sure I ~as scared." 

A police in.pector who doubles as the mayor'. 
driver and bodyguard was trailing the mayor and 
several aidea during the campaign .wing throueh the 
Western Addition. 

5-Month Baby Alive 
SAN DIEGO - Mignon Faulkner, believed to be 

the world'. moat prematurely born baby alive, finally 
had a homecoming yesterday after apending her first 
year of life in the hoapital where her atrugle for 
survival began. , 

Friends, relatives and several hospital .taff 
members jammed a lounge at Children'. HOIpitaI 
and Health Center for a combination _ ,~y. 
welcome home.birthday party thrown by Milfnon'. 
joyful parents. 

Mignon was born more than four months 
premature lut Nov. 7 and weighed only 17 ounces. 

Doctor. estimate that abe was in her 23rd week 01 
gestation - just entering the second half of fetal 
development. Her birth wasn't announced until 
January, when doctors felt.he had at least. SO·50 
chance of survival. 

In the ~t year, the youngest of Curti. and Nyrna 
Faulkner. four daughters has grown from lea. than 
10 inches long to about 22 inches and her weight baa 
now climbed to 10 pounds, 9 ounces. 

"It was a long wait for u.," Mrs. Faulkner said, 
"full of trials and happines • . But we alway. knew 
there would be a light at the end of the tunnel." 

EYE GLASSES/CONTACT LENSES 
Student Special 

Helena Rubinstein 
or Pierre cardin 

Glasses 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
$" pair or 2 pair $139 

Regular $89.95 list NORTH COUNTY 
reduced 50% to ~ Proteoslonol _ not Included. Modicol Dental Center 

plus free' styl ish rimless desigl1E!d sunglasses 
53995 value inciLiOed fr~e With your conrocl purchase 

$49.95 complet. • 9855 Erma Rood, Suite 107 
Dr. Alan H. Leventhal. 0 .0, 1.15 & Mira Meso Rood EXi t A prolessionol corp, 1.----------___ ... ___ 566-9900_ .. 
~ ./. 
~---'---- --- -

THE GREAT AMERICAN 
QUIZ SHOW SCANDAL 
directed by Alan Schneider 
A starttlng n&W play by louis Phillips (author of The 
Last of the Marx Brothers WrIters) takes us behind 
the scenes in the TeIeWIon Industry. this VfIffY funny 
and moiling encounter with the bizane wOOd of 
QuIz Shews follows the adventu18s of an Innocent 
young man wtth a phenomenal memotY who 
becomes a Quiz Show CeIebttIv. 
go pm - UCSD THEA1IE 
• .,.... ',9,19,H and ... 11, 16, 17 
I1UDINT SUI GENERAl. s.uo . 
PHONE: -..&7. 

Your senior major in math, the sciences. health or 
other subjects can qualify y?U for t~o-year 
assignments in one of 62 developing countries. Just 
ask fonner Liberia Peace Corps volunteer Chuck 
Needleman November 6 in the Placement Office or 
November 7 at the Revelle Plaza booth. Sign up for 

an interview today. 

For you doctors and 
doctors· lo-be. 

the "MO Tee" - also. 
we can expose'1he 

inner you with 
"Anatomical T's" 
10% offwtth 
student ld 

459-8006 
1030 Torrey Pines Rd. , 



__ ." IIIR '-

0.,.. W.-." at ...... t. wan'" Mill s.n Dieto c:antelt S.1urda, nicht, tim, her a chance lDadvanc:e 
............. America Pap.nt. Linda Pfeil., abo.e, w .. 6nt numer-up. 

,UCSD Students Crowned 
Miss San Diego, Runner-Up 

a, Jell S. Lee . runner-up takes home SI5,OOO. 
Two UCSD .tudenta captured the top "I realize I have to lay off the academics, but ~ Saturday nitht at the Mias San Diego I'm used to that. I'll be at school on Monday. " PaaeanI • a local preIimin of the Mia Waitley said. A_.....! __ Ill. ary 

ftIIIWII;Il ... qeant "I'D be losing my identity as Dar,na Waitley 
'''1 can't believe it!" said Warren senior Dayna for a while, being Mia San Diego. ' she added. 
Waidel~ who wu aowned Mias San Diego Wait1ey, as Mill San Diegu, will now goon to 
1980. -1t'sL a dream, and I'm afraid I might the Mill California Pageant to be held in Santa 
"'up." Cruz. 

Waidey received • $1100 achoIarahip. If Waitler is unable to compete for the Mias 
Rev.ue IOpbomore Linda Pfeifer was named California title, then Pfeifer, as first runner-up, 

lint IUIII*~ from AmOIII the 11 BirIa will take over the responsibility of being Min San 
competiric. She received $700. Dieao. 

An eIIimated SOO people attended the event EXecutive Producer Jinx Main said the show 
at the Eut Counly F'erfonninc Arts Center. It went "great," adding "the girIa made the 
conaieted of everm, Iown. swim suit and prosram, because they were 10 very talented." 
inIIniew c:ompetiIiona. ~~::r laid, "Never have the judges been 10 

The Min San -Dieto Pueant is a local im~reI with a show." " 
anIiniiaa.l of the nalioNf Mea . America The five judges were all ' veterans of the !choIar1hiP Papant which it held each )'UI' at lCholarahip page8nt, including three who were 
AtLanIic: Qty, New ~. 1M Mias America actually p.,eant winners themselves. Among 
Pqeant it 1M lara-t ac:hciIarahip pageant in the them was Mill California 1978 Christine Louiae 
nation, accordint to Main, and the Italcea.e Acton, who later became a special talent award · hiIh: the Winner receive. $20,000 and the fint winner in the Mias America Pageant. 

. 9 Seek Fulbright Fellowships 
Nine UCSD students have applied for a year 

of foreip study under the Fulbright scholarship 
program. 

The grant program, originated by former 

Since each of the accepted applicants must 
engage in research that can only be carried out in 
a particular foreip country, moat award winners 
frorn this school are in the social sciences. 

Senate Relations Committee chair Wdliam G Smell A rt J 
Fulbright, D.Ark., provides senior and graduate . rocery e ve e 
student winners an a11-expeneea paid year of B B t h ,.,.. t 
doctoral or advanced study in a foralP' country. 'Y U c ers, 1 eams ers 

UCSD usually get 2·3stucients a year selected 
for the program, which requires applicants to 

• spend up to six months preparing their resumes, 
according to the graduate research office. The 
application period closed Thursday. 

The nine applicants now begin a laborious 
. screening process that begins with an Education 
Abroad Propam committee and continue. 
through several layers 0 - government, &naIly 
ending in a PresidentiaDy-appointed board 01 
F oreilP' Scholarships. 

LOS ANf.£1 ES (AP) - A strike by 20,000 
butchers and teamsters against 7,500 Southern 
California markets was averted yesterday, when 
members of both unions voted to accept a three-
year contract with the Food Emplo~ers Council. 

"It looks tike we have a contract, said council 
apokeman Bob Voigt, "because the teamsters 
voted 2,866 for ne::tance and 2,835 for 
reiection. They a two-thirds vote for 
re;ection. The butchers, whose leaders had . 
recommended acceptance, have voted by more 
than a 3 to 1 margin for acceptance." 

Drop in for a free 
personalized styling 

consultation. 

464-3038 

lIoDday, Nov. I, I". 

Most State Spending 
Limits Leave Some 
Legislative Leeway 
BERKELEy - Voters in a number of states have passed 

ballot measures to limit state spending - but in most cases the 
new laWi do not take the power of the purse string completely 
aWN from ejected repre.entatives. 

. That is the finding in a new study conducted at the Institute of 
Govenunental Studies (lOS). 

The spending limits reflect a crisis in confidence in Americ_ 
institutions, say authors Eugene C. Lee, director of IGS and 
professor of political science, and Frank M. Bowen, an IGS 
consultant. 

But moat of them etop short of going all the way, they note, and 
they leave legislatures with substantial flexibility in actually setting 
limits. 

Only Michigan, the ltudy found, look the power to determine 
the spending Gmit away from the legislature and gave it to the 
electorate. 

The Berkeley study conducted lor the California Cornmillion 
on Government Reform focuses on the ten state actively in volved 
in ~nding.limitation measures in the fall of 1978. 

The outcropp,ing of these measures indicates there is more to 
the "tax revolt' than immediate diuatisfaction with high properly 
taxes, the scholars report. 

Fuel Oil Danger Denied 
. Continued from f>O fle / . 
fumes coming from the ground 
before the holes ' are covered 
up would not have ignited, 
"even if lORleone dropped a 
match down thu\ to 
deliberately burn the oil. 

Furthermore, oil was 
leaking into a sewer me since 
Oct. 25 because a hole W81 
dug which penetrated the line 
on that date, says Tribble. 

At first he estimated that 10 
gallons a day were leaking into 
the line, but then added, 
"That's a high estimate, and 
probably five .Iallons would be 
closer to fact. 

The oil will be cleaned out at 
the city's sewer treatment 
plant and "little, if any" oil 
would go into the ocean, he 
said. 

)(oDday, Nov. I, 1879 

Close V-ball Win 
Shows New Ways 

Once Would Have Given Up 
By Jon Goetz 
Sports Editor 

The women's volleyball 
team slipped past Pt. Lorna in 
five games Friday , bolstering 
their chance at a berth in the 
AlA W California regional 
tournament. 

Friday's win , coupled with 

The Daily' Guardian 

Sports 
two opsied wins over 
Baptist on both Wednesday 
and Saturday, .boosts the 
team's league record to 7-1 , 
and 11 -2 overall. 

the end to a fired-up Point 
Lorna six. 

In past seasons UCSD 
might have rolled over and 
resigned themselves to a 
defeat when losing by a game. 
But 1979 is the first year when 
a Triton volleyball team can 
walk on the court and know it's 
going to win, or at least put up 
a good fight. . 

"The girls have gotten so 
much confidence now that 
they know they can win ," says 
coa c h Doug Dannevik . 
~'We've got the attitude that 
we've got a shot at, beating 
everyone we play. It's a big 
difference going into a game 
with a winning attitude." 

Tuesday the Tritons face 
Azusa Pacific, the only league 
team to ~at them this year , on 
their opponents ' courts. 
Beating Azusa would give 
UCSD a first place tie in the 
league and a virtually certain 
invitation to the playoffs, but a 
loIS wouldn't appreciably hurt 
the team's chances of being 
selected for the regionals later 
in the month. 

The team put PI. Lorna 
away in two straight after 
those . two losses, handily 
winning in the fifth game, 15-
7. The Tritons knocked off PI. 
Lorna earlier in the season, but 
the latest win was the more 
difficult. 

"Ther were really high 
strung,' Dannevik said of PI. 
Lorna. "They played above 
their norm." 

Grand Prix a Crack-up 
Yet the Tritons almost said 

goodbye to any hopes of post-
season play Friday, when they 
found themselves losing to Pt. 
Lorna two games to one. The 
Tritons led each game by 
several points, only to lose it in 

The next day the Tritons 
faced Cal Baptist for the 
second time in a week, again 
winning easily in three games . 
Baptist is the last place team in 
the league. 

As the regular season 
Please turn to page 12 

PHYSICIST: $35,000 annu81 (PhD) (6818) 
COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ENGINEER: $18-20,000 annual (8796) 

BS in EE or ComP. Sc. • 
GRAPHIC .. RTIST OR ILLUSTRATOR: $5.00 hr. (DOE) (6813) 

Degree in Graphic Designs. 

An accident marred the 
Bicycle Grand Prix held 
Saturday on .treets around 
campus. 

Dan Kline ran into a car on 
the course near Central 
Library and the Third CoUep 
ap.rbTIenll, c1amagina his 
bike .nd ac:ratching him up. 
He was not seriou.ly injured. 

,~.~----------------------------------------
ObserWlrs for Evafuation of H .... ring Protectors: 
$04.50 hr./2O hr. wk. (C0260) 
Proof·Reader: 
$3.50 hr./~ hrs./day / S day wk. (J0238) 
La .. Clerk: 
$3.00 h,. Flexible hr • . 

Compute< Systems Technician: 
12.90 10 $5.00 hr./20 hIS. wk. (E0211) 
rNching 'ntem: 
$o4.SO hr.lG'lduate Bilingual Ed. 51udent 46 hrs. wk. (J0313) 
Sales CJer~ (J_,y): 
$3.50 hr. I*Js ~ commission, !lexltlle hIS. (00094) 

Mi ....... -----------------------------------------
ST"'FF ENGINEER: $5.00 hr. (DOE) 20 hrs. WI<. EE/ Comp. Sc. (Z3900) 
STUDENT ENGINEER: 16.00 hr. min 10 hr.lwk. EE or Physics Jr./SI. (zj2OS) 
ENGINEERING ADMINISTRATOR: $5.904-$7.25 hr. EE 20 hrs./ wk. Jr./SI./Grad. (20001) 

CUI BltTlVINTI • ANNOUNCB .111-----------:-----------
GIIIADUAlII NCRIIIONAL ICMOOI. ... NCMMII. 

For events and times see today's 'WI\at's On" 

IIOI.OCIICAL, HEAL'" ICIENCI • .101 MI\BIT IMIW" 
Come meet lhe r""' ..... lall .... from the following companies 10 find out where and willi 
the jobs Ire: 

Burroughs Wlllicome 
call)iochern 

--
UCSO 511" Personnel 

Monday, """'ember 12, 1:()()'4:oo pm, North Conference Room. Student Cente,. 
~ CONIICIIOHI wo.cIItCIP 

ThUrsdlY. November 8, 2:()()'5:oo pm. Muir College Conference Room, (Ille Old 
'1ishbowt")-sign up in Career Plannong & Plaeemenl . 

Tuesday , Nowmber e. 3.()().4:OO pm, Internallonat Cenler 
'11-COlIN HOIPITAI. lIMY COII'OIWION 

W,ftbe on elmpUi ~,Nov_ 5, Ind is strongly Interosted In bioengineers 8S well 
I I ME'I and EE's- Sign up In car_ Pllnnlng. 

"" ",adulling l eniors / att rnajot's- lvI"lbfe II carM' Planning I"'ake Desk. 
_ and eMAI AlfUCA1IONI 

now ... ~_ I t Car_ Planning & Placement 

ThiI II I IIII'IpI/ng 01 opportun/tieI lilted wrtt.' C.,_ Plannong & Placement as of lu t 
~ morning. IIIIIt UI " the Student Center. Butld"'ll B WE ARE HERE TO HELP' 

Kline wu able to retain a 
tenIe of humor about the 
maHer when awarded the 
booby prize of a bell for hie 
bike by be.. the sIow.t 
finisher on the coune. 

Blake Shaw finiahecl the 
ten mile loop only 13 eeconda 
oIf hi. preclided time, and 
Dean Patter~ finished the 

five-mile c:oune 22 MCCIndI 
away from hi. pre-race 
prediction. P.tteraon 
donated leveral hundred 
dollan worth of prizes 
throuJh his bike coop, and 
received a prize himself for 
his prediction. 

Kurt - Sato and Lisa 
Benaron finiahed lint in their 
diviaiona of the 10 mile ..... 
Jon Held and Wendy au., 
won the five mile race in their 
diviaion .. 



. . 

• 

MON>AY THRU FRIDAY 
OASIS WriIinI Center off •• free aervice for at UCSD .tudentl 

who need pre-writint help, cOllferenc. on drafta and editint advice. 
W~ any Icincf 01 wriIinI problem. Call 452·2284 alter 8: 15 am 
to an..,.,ointment, or drop by USB 40708:30 am -4:00 

~. Canfa.ac. are _ available Tueaclay. and s.ntay., 6-8 pm, 
USB 4070. • 

10:00 am·3:OO pm: OASIS TARGET STUDY SKILLS Seminar 
covem, writin8 the Term Paper, r:very hour on the Iiour from lOam 
to 3 pm in USB 40 10. Individual inltruction available. Call 452·2284 
or come by 4010 USB for more information. Services are free. 
MONDAY 

9:00 am-4:30 pm • On-campua interview with American Hospital 
Supply Corua-aip up in Career Planning, Building B, Student 
Center. 

3:00-4:00 pm • PRE.INTERVIEW · MEETINGS. lnaide 
information and tipa on Hwnanitiet & Social Sciences recruiters, led 
by the Humaniliea & Social Sciences Career AdvilOr, each Monday 
of the recruiting aeaaon, at Career Planning & Placement, Student 
Center, BIdt. B. 

3:00-4:30 (meetl weekly) • Eating Problems Group-do you binge 
and then fut or puI'Ie youraelf of the food? Do you IOmetimea stop 
eating or reduce lour food intake to the point where either you or 
othen feel thia endangers your health? U 10, this group is for you. Call 
faciitator Miriam Levena at x3755 for detail. about the group. 
W ...... CoIete Provoet'. Office. 
ruESDAY 

9:00·10:00 am • GRADUATF/PROFESSIONAL SCHOOL 
ADVISING SESSIONS. Informal adviling meetings, Bldg. 8, 
Student Cader, Career PIanninB &: Placement. 

9:00-4:30 pm • On.Campua Interview with Air Reaearch. Sign up 
in Career PIannina, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

9:00-4:30 pm • On.Campua interview with ACTION (Vllta/Peace 
Corpe)-Iip up in Career Planning, Bldg. B, Student Center. 

10:00-11:00 am • RESUME CRITIQUE &: JOB SEARCH 
ADVISING SESSIONS for HwnaMies and Social Sciencea majora. 
Review, br-......m and develop your penonaIjob .... aieIiea. Bldg. B, 
SIuda CeaIIr. 

10:00-n0an • Care. hours for Ph)'lical and fncineerin8 Sciencea 
1liiian are available on a cIrop.in bait to help with your career and job 
-tint CGIliC8 ... Come by at any time convenient to you. 6205 Urey 
HaIL 

12:00-1:00 pm • CAREER PAllfFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal edvilinl ........ for Humanitiea &: Social 
Sciellc. SIudenb to eXDlore oCc:u.,ationaI ~Iiea. Muir College 
Canf-.ce ,Room (old liahbowI), "Muir C . 

1 :00-3:00 pm • Career hours for Ph,... &: FnaineerinIr Sciencea 
Maion are aVllilable on a drop-in buis to help wi~ your Career and 
iob-Iudin.r cOllcer ... Come by at any time convenient to you. 2132 
Urey Hal: . 

3:00-4:00 pm • Altient the JOB STRATEGIES WORKSHOP. It 
wi COYa' the fundamentala of the job search, from identifying 
employer. to salary negotiation. Place: International Center. 
Produced by Career Planning &: Placement. 
WEDNESDAY 

9:00-4:00 pm • On-campus interview with Spectral I>ynamica. Sian up in Career Planning, Student Center, Bida. B. . 
9:00.4:30 pm • Information Table for AC110N (Vista/Peace 

Corpe)-in Revelle Plaza. 
9:00·4:30 pm . On·campu. interview with Di&:1 

Communicationa. Sip up in Career Planning, Student Center, . 
B. . 

9:00-4:30 pm • On-campua interview with CORO F ouncIation. 
Sip up in Career PIamini, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

9:00-4:30 pm • On-campua interview. with General Electric. Sitn 
up in the Chemiltry Oepartment. 

10:00·11:00 am • CAREER PAntFiNDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal edviling meeting. for Humanitiel an Social 
Sciences Studentl to explore occupational pouibilitiel. Warren 
Colete Provoet's Confererw:e Room. 

2:00.3:00. pm • CAREER PA ntFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Infonnal advi.m, meeting. for Hwnaniliea and Social 
Sc:ienc. lludenta to explore occupational pouibilitie.. Revelle 
CoDe,e ProvOil'. Conference Room. 

3:00·5:00 pm • Anthropology reception. Faculty, antIuo majon 
and inter.ted .tudenta are invited to an informal gathering. 
Refrealunentl. H&SS 1344, Muir Campua. 
nruRSDAY 

9:00 am . TEACHER PLACEMENT AND EDUCATIONAL 
CAREER ADVISING PROGRAM. Educational career couneeling 
and advice concerning career ob;ectiv., alternative careera, eupply 
and demand of educational poaitiona, job-hW1tm, .trat~ and 
profeslional problem.. Auislance in e.tabIiahing and rnamlainint 
placement files to be forwarded to educational inatutiona. SpolllOred 
by Career Planning &: Placement, Educational Career Services, 
Student Center Bldg. B. 

9:00·10:00 am.Weight Manapment Group-to help lludentl 
6nd way. to modify -tine habitl and develop IUpport .y.tema to 
achieve and maintain wept reduction. The goal of thi. gro~ i. to 
develop new habib and method. that can lut a lifetime . Diane Evant, 
facilitator. Call Becca at x 3755 to lip up. Group meetinl at 412 
Warren Campua weeldy. 

The Daily Guardian 

... 

Academic Services 
9:00·4:30 pm • On-campua interviews with BERAC, Inc. Sign up 

m Caree Planning, Student Center, Bldg. 8.-
9:00·12:00 am . On-campua interviews with Harvard Deparbnent 

of City and Re.sional Planning. Sign up in Career Planning, Student 
Center, Bldg. B. 

10:00·11:00 am . Career Hours for Physical & Engineering 
Sciences major. are available ona drop.in bai. to help you with your 
career and job hW1ting concer",. Come by at any time convenient to 
you. Conference Room, Career Planning. 

10:00·11 :00 am . RESUME CRITIQUING AND J08 
HUNTING SESSIONS FOR ENGINEERING & PHYSICAL 
SCIENCES MAJORS. SponlOred by Career Planning & Placement 
Engineering & Physical Sciences Advisor. Bldg. B, Student Center. 

10:00·12:00 . On.campus interviews with U.S. Navy Officer 
Program. Drop in visits. Student Center, Bldg. B. 

11:00 am . OASIS-"TO BE OR NOT TO BE A BIOLOGY OR 
CHEMISTRY MAJOR"-Peer Survival Seasion. Playback Center 
Instruction Room. 

12:00.1:00 pm . GRADUATf./PROFESSIONAL SCHOQL 
ADVISING SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings, Third College 
Provost's Conference Room. 412 Warren CoDege. 

2:00·3:00 P!'! • GRADUATE/PROFESSIONAL SCHOOL 
ADVISING SESSIONS. Informal advising meetinga, Bldg. B, 
Student Center, Career Planning & Placement. 

2:00·4:00 pm . Career Hours for Physical & Engineering Sciences 
majors are available on a drop·in basis to help with your career and 
job.hunting concer",. Come by at any time convenient to you. 7431 
AP&M Bldg. 

2:00·5:00 pm. UCSD Career Connection Workahop. "Discover 
Your Hidden Skills and Connect them to Pouible Occupations." Sign 
up in the Career Planning & Placement Office, Student Center, Bldg. 
B. 

4:15 pm • Test Gr~-for students 
experiencing high anxiety in ' The purpose of the 
group is to reduce co6dence and improve 
performance on testl. Open Hugh Pates and Mark 
Minson facilitaton. Meets Counselor's Office. Call 
Yolanda at x 3490 or Dec,C. to aign up. 

3:00.4:30 pm . Science and Engineering 
Group. This ongoing graduate women in .aence 
and en' . will meet issues and awareneslet of 
these ~ they relate Miriam Levens, facilitator. 
Meetl at 412 Warren at x3755 to .ign up. 

9:00.4:30 pm . with General Electric. Sign 
up in the Chemistry Uet:llarll1l. 

4:00.5:30 pm . Older Wor.o-t~us is an ongoing support 
group for undergraduate studenll who are 24 or 
over. The group will meet and explore common illuell 
and concerns and develop of ourselves as women as 
persons. Contact Judy at up. Meets 412 Warren 
Campus. 
FRIDAY 

with ITT -Federal Electric 
Student Center, Bldg. B. 

with State Farm. Sign up in 

Relationa Group, Phyma 
.UUII,...,OU18 and Psychological 

at x3035 for more 
Conference Room, 

What's On: 11/S-111 

Recr~ation/ Sports 
Monda, 

4:00-6:00 pm-Table T ennis Cub meet. today. PIeue joing UI for 
open play. Starta at 4pm in Rec Conference Room, Rec. Gym. 

4:00·6:00 ~-Gymn ... tics Oub meetl in the South Balconey, 
Main Gym for Open Gymnastica. 

4:00. 5:09. pm-Korean Karate Cub meetl in the North Balconey, 
Main Gym. Welcomes new member •. 

5:00.6:00 pm.Karate Club meetl daily in the North Balcony, 
Main Gym. DUes. 

6:30·8:30 pm.Aikido aub practice aealion, Wieadint Room, 
Main Gym. . . 

8:00 r:..I.aeli FQIk Dance Club meetl for dancing ... everyone 
welcome. Rec. Conference Room, Rec. Gym! , 
Tueeday 

3:30 pm.Women'. FJeld Hockey v •. Groumont at Graumant. 
Free. 

4:00 • 6:00 pm-Gymnutic. Club meet. daily in the South 
Balcony for open recreation. 

7:00 pm.Tuesday's Potpourri ho.tI a Women's SeU Defense 
Workabip from 7·10 pm. Thia is a weekly workahop __ for the 
UCSD .::ommunity co-aponsoreci by Warren CoUep and Campus 
Recreation at New Warren Apt. Recreation Center. 

7:30 pm-Women's Volleyball VI. Azuaa Paci6c at Azusa Pacific. 
Free. 
Wedn .... y 

4:00 pm.Lacroue aub practice todaI, 4-6 ~ Monday., 
Wednesday, Friday •. Meets in front of the lAmpua Rec. Office. . 

4:00·5:00 pm-Korean K.rate Cub meetI in the North Balcony, 
Main Gym. New member. welcome. 

4:00·6:00 pm-Gymnutica Club meetI today, South Balcony, 
Main Gym. 

5:00.7:00 pm. Yoga Cub meetI today in the Adaptive Room, 
Main Gym. Dues. . 

7:00 pm-Wednesday, the SCUBA Club and Seadeucer. meet at 
7:00 pm at HSS 1330 to apeak with gueatlpeaker Burt Kobayuhi, 
who wil apeak about "Saturation dim,." A lim ;rib also be feahnd. 

7 :30 pm-The Sailing Club hu a meeb1t, featwinl jUelt apeaker 
Pat Connon from the Million Bay Aquatic Center. f1ma and data 
about the apecial "Sailing Cub Orientation." HL 1148. 
Thunclay 

4:00 pm • Rac~etbaII Meeting in Rec. Conf. Room. AlIO, evry 
Thursday Ntht is dub niPt at'Black Mountain RacquetbaD Club, 9· 
11 pm, $2.00. Meet at the Urey Hal Mailbox at 8:30 pm for 

carpooling. 
4:00·8:00 pm-Gymnla.tic4"ee~ts today, Soutlt Balconey. 
4:30·6:00 pm • Ultimate hat practice today, Revelle 

F'JeId. 
5:00 • Judo Club meets Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 
8:00·10:00 pn • in the Wrestling Room, 

Main Gym. 
Friday 

2:00·3:00 ..... !)yn(:hrOllI 
pool. 

3:00 pm.Men'. and "_twIll1 
Natatorimn. 

4:00-5:00 pm-Korean 
Main Gym. New Members 

4:00·6:00 pm. Table 
4:00·6:00 pm.,cYllnna.I.lOuth 
7:00 ~.w"",-.·. 

W.bnont. Free. 
7:30 pm • Men'. W 

Natatorimn. 
Sabwda)' 

College at 

LoYII)Io·IMar~l)Uftt at UCSD 

Sabwda,-Sunda,.7:00 vs. UC Santa Barbara. 
All Da, Sa .. ,. WMI • • yball,WI.tn!lOlltToumey At 

W.bnont CoIIep, 
10:00 un-Women'. v •. Uni\Wlity of Arizona at 

Lon, Beach. . 
11:00 ... Men'. Cro .. _u"amr. III Championahip at 

Biola. 
1 100 ~M &: W Fencing Beach and CSU Fullerton 

at UCSD Main Gym. 
5100 pm • Men'. Water 
8100.11:00 pm • Square 

welcomel Sponaon are 
Outint Cub. Recreation 
Sunda)' 

Francisco State. 
free refreshmentl. AJllevei. 

dilCo Dance dub and UCSD 
adrniuion. 

7:00 am • ~Iintr Beach. 
10:00 • noon • ~vn.l'hrc"...nmilrur Oub meetI at the Pool. 

New member. welcome. 
Sunda)' 

8:00 pm • l.aeIi F 
YaaIcovee on Sunday Nov. 
Come attendl 

refreahmenta, featuring l.aeI 
pm at UCSD, main Gym. 

The Daily OUII I'd ill 11 

Religious 
Monday 

8:00 pm • "Prayer and the Sacramental Life" is the topic in the 
"Introduction to the Christian Faith" Seminar. All are welcome. 
University Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shore. Drive, Next to 
UCSD. 
Tueaday and Thunday 

3:00 pm • LDSSA Old Testament Clas., LOS Institute, acrOil 
from Muir. 
Tuad.y 

7:00 pm • 1be School of Christian Studiea . an hour of fellowship 
and encouragement followed by an hour of teaching in the basic. eX 
the Christian Life. A time de6nitely for learning important illuea not 
discussed in university classes. Location· P&L 1110. 
Thunday 

4:00 pm • Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All 
studenll, faculty and staff are welcome. Game Room Conference 
Room, Student Center. 

7:30 pm. Alpha Omega Alliance· Infonnal discUl.ion on new 
age religion. "God i. Energy. Jesus, the Example no the Exception of 
the Christ Principle. Buddha Meditated on the Christ Principle." The 

. teachings of the Ascended Masters. Game Room Conference Room. 
Friday . 

' 12 noon· Calvary Chapel Home. Fellowship. A Bible Study. 
Everybody is welcome. Come share with us in the Love of the Lord. 
Fridays at twelve noon in the Game Room ConL Room. Student 
Center. 
Saturday 

4:00 pm • Union of Jewish Students presents a Shabbat afternoon 
and evening. An informal study group at 4:00 pm followed by a meal 
and havdala at 6:30 em. Saturday Nov. 10th. For more information 
and location, caD UJS at 452·3616. Free. Call for location. 
&mday -

10:00 am • Lutheran worship service with UCSD Campus Pa.tor 
Hohn Huber speaking on a text from Galatian •. University Lutheran 
Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, next to UCSD. 

12 ~ • Episcopal Euchariata, University Lutheran Church, 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

Lectures/Discussions 
12 noon • "T eilhard de Chardin" wal be presented by Father Kevin 

Munn, in the Portraitl 01 Faith aeries, ReveIJe Formal Lounge. AI 
welcome. 

12:00 • 1:00 pm • CONTRACEPTIVE EDUCATION 
SESSION: Infonnal diacUllion. All must attend to receive .birth 
control servic. and men are encOUl'll8ed to attend as well. No 
appoinbnent nec:euary. Located in the COnference room at the UCSD 
Student Health Center. 

4:00 pm • Olemic:aI.Phyaica teminar: "Ionic Auida Recent 
Aclvanc. in Theory and Experiment." Speaker: Dr. Kenneth Pitzer, 
Department of Clemistry, \.JC Berkeley. Loc:ation . Bonner HaD 
2105. 
Weclneeday 

12:00 • 1:00 pm • CONTRACEPTIVE EDUCATION 
SESSION: Infonnal diacuuion. AD mu.t attend to receive birth 
control servicea and men are encouraged to attend as well. No 
appoinbnent nee ..... y. Located in the conference room at the UCSD 
Student Health Center. 

4:00 pm • Ol'lanic/lnor~Seminar: "The Molecular Aapects 
of Synthetic Sweemer •. " er: Dr. Guy Crosb , Chemical 
Synthesis Division DYNA L, Palo Alto, Calif. itird College 
Lecture Hall 104. 

7:30 and 9:30 pm .. A libn on Meditation, ipOIlaored by 
Contemporary luuea. ' 
Thuncla)' 

2:00 pm • Special Biochemi.try Seminar: "CaHeine . Nucleic 
Acid. Interaction." Speaker: Dr. Harbnut Frituche, Academy of 
Science of the German Democratic Republic, Jena, Germany (visiting 
Yale and John. Hopkin. Univeraitiel in the US). Urey Room, Urey 
Hall 2102. 

6:30 pm • "Religion and Science: Some COIlItructive 
Relationahipa," by Peter Czipotl (grad. ltudent in Physic.) and Dr. 
Douala Magde (profellor of Chemistry). Thil "Faith, Science and 
the Future" aeries begins with.-deuert. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr., 
Univeraity Lutheran Chwch. 
Frida, 

12 noon • Biochernillry Seminar: "Modulation of CoIJqen 
~yntheai. ~f Cell. in Culture." Speaker: Dr. Marcel Nimni, School of 
Medicine, University of Southem Califomia and Orthopedic Hoepital 
of Loa Angele, CA. Location: Ba.ic Science Building 2100, 

3:00 pm. PhiIolOphy l)epartrnent Colloguium presents 'Dr. Ted 
Humphrei. _ ProfeslOr 01 Atilosophy, Arizona State Univeraity , 
"SCHOPENHAUER AND THE CARTESIAN TRADITION: at 
the Revelle FormaIl..ounp. 

7 

Meetings 
meeting. 

Monday 
1 :00 pm • Groucho Marx Caucus Meeting. Finalize 

strateay/tactics on the AS Anthem. Begin plana for the next 
Varguardin. The Revolution Livea! Location· GMC office, Student 
Center above the Food Co-op. 

2:00 pm - Music Committee meeting. Plan events for coming year, 
publicity for Evan McColl/Peggy Seeger Concert. Bring ide .. for this 
year. All wdcome. University Eventl Office. 

3:00 pm . • Israel Action Committee meeting in the Revelle 
FormaVlnforaml Lounge. 

4:00·5:30 pm· "So You Want To Go To Graduate School". a 
faculty staff panel and discullion, 2100 BS8. 

5:00 pm • Kennedy/Brown/Carter .upporters and all others 
interested or curious . meeting to plan a debate of candidates' 
representatives and other political information aervicea this winter. 
Gym 'teps, or contact D. Brin via Campu. C·014. 
Tuesday 

Every Tueaday.Warren College Commuter Board meeting. AI 
interested students welcome, Warren College 405A. 

11 :00 am-Third College Commuter Board Meeting, Center for the 
People, Third College. 

11:00·12:30·Pre·Law General Meeting, North Conf. Room, 
Student Center. 

1:00·4400 pm.Law School Admiuiona Fair. Meet with . 
repreaentativ. of 30·35 law achools at the Revelle Plaza. 

6:30 pm-UJS Meeting in Conference Room B, Chancellor's 
Complex. Be there and bring a friend. For more info, call 4523616. 

6:3Opm.0uting Cub Meeting . Geology of the Grand Canyon talk 
tonight. Rec. Gym. Conf. Room. 
WedneacIa), 

3:00pm.Econ. Mgmt. Sci. Stuclentl auociation committee 
meeting. Come and hefp plan the fall Bar·B.Q!!! Profeuor Profiles are 
on the move. Come check out'the pro"." HL 145 (Buernent). 

3:00-4:30 .... Pre.Management General Meetin., No. ConI. 
Room, Student Center. 

5:00pm.Weekly meeting of Asian American Student Alliance. 
We have let up ' our Newaletter Committee and Program .. for 
Outreach. Come and lee what'. up. Center for the People. 

8:30 pm.ASUCSD Council Meeting, North Conf. Rm. 
FrHlay . 

10:00 ... -3:00 pm.UC Campuses Graduate/Profeuional School 
Information Day, at Mandeville Center Plaza. , 

7:00 pm-Surf Club arXt Team meeting mandatory for team 
members. Preparation. for team trip to Santa Barbara diacUiaecl. 

u:;~ 3070. 

Entertainment 
Sun~)" Thunday 

8:30·11:00 pm • Why Not Here? Revelle'. own coffeehouae. 
Sunday and Thursday. are VG'. night •. Tueaday it Backganvnon 
Tournament Night, Wednesday live entertainment featuring Matt 
and Jeff. Every ~t we offer ulOl1ed teu and coffea by.Pannikin, 
sub sandwiche., • with cream cheeae, hot chocolate and 
UlOrted fruit juices, velie South Dining Hall. 
Monda, 

5:00 pm • Kennedy, Brown, Carter supporter., and all other. 
interested: meeting to plan a debate of candidates' repreaentativ. and 
other political information aervic.. Help r.ouneIv. and other. be 
informed. Gym stepa, or contact D. Brin (C.014). 
TuelCla, 

8:00 • Atomic 'Cafe: The Muaic-Department preaentl a forum for 
innovative works by students from variou. diaciplinea. Recital Hall. 
Wedneacla, 

8:00 pm • Daryl Pratt, a braliant UCSD graduate student, will 
present a percuuion recital. Recital Hall. 
November 8,9,10,11 and 14,15,16,17: 

n.. eNG' American Qua SltoUJ Sc:anJal, A startling new pia" 
by Louis PhiUipa <author of "The La.t of the Marx Brother. Writer.' ) 
takes u. behind the acenel in the T deviaion lrldUitry. nu. very funny 
mel moving encounter with the bizarre world of quiz shows follow. the 
adventures of an innocent young man with a phenomenal memory 
who becomea a Quiz .oow celebrity. UCSD Theatre. Adrniuion 
$4.50, students $3.25. 
~turclay, Nov. 10,8:00 pm and Sunday, NaY. 11,3:00 pm 

The La Jolla Civic/UniY.-.ity s,m:e' directed by Thoma 
Nee, wiD Perform muaic: ~, , Sera, Brahm .. at the 
Mandeville Auditorium. • ..... $4.00, StucIents, 
$2.00. 



8 

c.,,,rr/ion ,It",. '" ___ v ....... 
Women'. Tennia 

Women tennis pia,.... who want to try out for the ~t ..... ahouId attend a meetm, New. 13 at 7:30 pm 
in the Recreation G,m. 

lJ;lventory 
Clearance Sale 

30 50% 
off 

rltail price on all roller skates - -we always guarantee the lowest 
prices in the world . We'll beat any legitimlte dell. 

10 a.m.--midnight, November 1-8 

" ..... 
;, 

""", , , 
I , , 

• 
, . 

--

-. 

~.o 0 (, r-------- ----, I Roller Skate so· per hour I 
I WeekdlYs before 6 p.m., I 
L __ ~~~~~~=~~~ __ ~ 

Discount Skates 
4482 Mission Blvd. (between Grand a. Gamet) 

in Pacific Beach 

NEED CREDIT? 
• Too young to borrow? 
• New in town/no rehtrences? 
• Er. bed debt records 
• Skip bills without ruinill9 credit 
• Receive lOIns within week. of beginnill9 this progrlm 
• Informltion on updlted cr.dit IlWs and IlOislltion 
• Your rights under the Fdr.1 Credit Acts 

The Daily Qual'dian Monday, Nov. II, 18'79 

5 Miss Cross Country Rout 
Top Runners Leave Rest to Pt. Loma Shut-Out 

By Barbara Hau 
Staff Writer 

Five runnerl were ab.ent 
Saturday from a dual meet, 
causing a croll·country lOIS to 
Pt. Loma College. 

Disappointed coach Andy 
Skief waa left with a disabled 
men's team and only half a 
women'. team. Consequently, 
the women did not even have a 
chance to score pointa for 
UCSD in the meet , because at 
least five competitors are 
needed for a team to rank in 
the standing.. Only three 
Triton. showed up. 

Track 
Practice 
Begins 

Croa •. country leason 
baan't even ended, but coach 
Andy 5kief i. already hustling 
athletea out for the other sport 
he coaches - track and field. 

Men and women athletes 
who want to participate on the 
team should talk to Skief in the 
Intercolfegiate Athletics 
Office. lndividualized practice 
for the sport haa already begun 
on Warren Field in the 
afternoon. Competition, 
however, doesn't begin until 
next year. 

UCSD 
Budget NumberS 

accepted 

The men did field a 
regulation team, but had to run 
without Steve Kielty and 
Emory Mitchell both of whom 
regularly finish in UCSD's firat 
three places. Pt. Loma shut 
out the Tritons, 15.50, taking 
the first seven places. 

Mike Redman, the firat 
UCSD runner over the' finish 
line, came in wen behind the 
PI. Loma pack in eighth place. 
He clocked in at 29:58, a 
miniscule improvement over 
his 30:10 time last week. The 
rest of the team completed the 
race in sequence, finishing 
ninth through twelfth. 

Although disgruntled by the 

lack of runners, Skief said the 
team ran well under difficult 
circumstances. 

"All the runners tha t 
competed ran well on a very 
tough course. Pt. Loma's 
course is less easy to follow 
than ours in parts. Three of our 
runners got confused at some 
point and had to retrace their 
steps .. " 

"Through some portions it's 
only possible for one person to 
go through at a time, which 
makes it difficult if you want to 
pass somebody," he added. 

The women's team, if it 
Please lurn 10 pa!N 12 

NFL Results 
Cleveland 24 Philadelphia 19 
Dalla. 16 New York Giants 14 
New England 26 Buffalo 6 
Atlanta 17 Tampa Bay 14 
Pittsburgh 38 Washington 7 
Baltimore 38 Cincinnati 28 
St. Louis 37 Minnesota 7 
San Diego 20 Kansa. City 14 
Chicago 35 Detroit 7 
Loa Angeles 24 Seattle 0 
Denver 10 New Orleans 3 
New York Jets 27 Green Bay 22 
Oakland 23 San Francisco 10 

Tonight: Hou.ton at Miami 

Peggy 
Seeger 

& Ewan 
.lIaCeo 

I'<Iggy Seegef (yes. sne S f'ele's sisl8l) and Ewan Maceol' have been 
Singing and shonng Ihe songs of lhe Br,tlshl.,as since lhey mel in London,n 
1956 
McicCoIl is the author 01 The, .... Time ~ I Saw Your Face. ftMbom Mon. 
and The Shoal. 01 Henlng. I'<Iggy SNger'1 best known song is Gonna be 
on Engl,,", : on onthem tor women in the,r struggle to< eQUOt nghls and 
slotus. 
They ore slng8ls. songWrilers. filmmakers ond outhors. 
Don'/ miss th~ rore oppearance by two of the warlel's oest 
fOlkslngef/muSiciOns! 

November 15. Thursday. 8:30 p.m. 
Reyelle Cafeteria 

UCSO St. $3.00. GA. ~.OO 
Ul.0 Iox.OIIIe. 

e2~ 

I'h ..... ""·t.,il·\ t f'\('> lJntVief"'f~~ .. "k./ClOOfteCI "'DOrt O\.lh(o Nolonat~Irof" 
01"" ,~ 1eofIte foIdote ~ 

SEND FOR THE CREDIT GAME 
SOLVE ALL 

THESE 
CREDIT 

PROBLEMS 
with 

THE CREDIT GAME 

"Tired of being without credit, or up to your neck in 
'minimum payments'? With this book you will lurn how 
to make the $300 billion credit industry jump at your 
command." 
r----------ONLY.~I-----------
I - IN.Y . ......... _"" .. "T ... ' 
I Endosed is S for B'ooks I NI~ ______________ ~ ________ ~~ ______ _ 

::!vc::.,O:o WALL STREET PUBUSHING CO. 303 15TH AVE. SUITE 13CMS NEW YORK, NY 1001. 
II Address -----------------------'----------
I CitV Stlte Zip ----''--
I Allow 3 weeks for deli-V. 
, 

)fonday, Nov .. 5, 1879 The Daily Gual'dian 
, 

'Meteor' Just Another Disaster Movie 
By Lynette Tom 

Senior Staff Writer 
According to the Bible, God 

took .ix days to create the · 
Earth. The same amount of 
time will be used to destroy it 
according to American 
International's Meteor. A. the 
latest in the disaater movie 
genre, the film i. neither any 
better nor worse than ita 
predecessors. 

The screenplay by Stanley 
Mann and Edmund H. North 
has surprisingly little of the 
melodramatic mush expected . 
in movies of this type. After a 
freak collision with a comet, 

chunk. of a huge meteor are 
flung towards the Earth. The 
impending cataatrophe brings 
about an unprecedented joint 
dfort br the United States and 
the USSR to divert the meteor 
with nuclear arm. devices. 
The writing is full of 
symbolism , or at least 
coincidence. In addition to the 
Biblical reference, the date of 
impact is .et at November 7. 
1979, 37 year. after the 
Japanese attack on Pearl 
Harbor, and the meteor is 
named Orpheus, after the first 
man in Greek mythology to 
have ~one and returned from 

Ask Linda L. Lane, former VISTA 
volunteer in Chula Vilta, about one year 
asaignmenta for social science and other 
senior majon, working with community 
groups across the country. Sign up for an 
interview at the placement office November 
6. Booth information in ReveUe Plaza 

November 7 until 2:00 pm. 

NUllMUAM~-A .......... _c: .... .., .... , __ 
_"''''~ •. ___ .-'''Ta",_.=-... l' 
...:...~n::-~=::::.;.:=. ... ~==--=..,..:~ . 

_ ... «.....,.:1 C '1· ........ ~JI!I!.I!I!!I.;!.:j c.-., .. 

~ 21HOW1 ONLYI L 
:---, THIS THURlDAY, MCA •• 10 PM I 

Hades. 
The acting is fair to 

middling. Sean Connery and 
Brian KeitlJ are at the top of 

cardboard characterization of 
a gung.ho military man, 
Henry Fonda'. unimpresaive 
role as the President of the 
United Statea, and Natalie 
Wood'. token woman part aa 
a Rusaian a.trophysicist/tran. 
slator. 

The Daily' Guardian 

Arts 
the range with their respective 
performances al a former 
NASA scientist and his 
Ruuian equivalent. They are 
fonowed by Karl Malden's 
bland portrayal of a NASA 

. official. Martin Landau's 

The special effects are a 
major disappointment. The 
miniatures of the nuclear anns 
devices and space vessels are 
comparable in quality to the 
toy models sold at a 
department store. 1be lCenes 
of Manhattan and a Swiu 
hamlet devastated by small 
splinters from Orpheus are 

COLLEGE STUDENT SPECIAL 
Apartment or House Cleaned- Lowest Prices in Town' 

APARTMENT: 
Studio ............. . .................... $12.50 
1 Bedroom ................ . .. • . . ..... . .. $15.50 
2 Bedroom .... . ............. . ........... $20.50 

REGULAR HOUSES .... . ........... ~ .. . ... $26.50 
ThiS also Includes a FREE carpel -shampoo. 

CALL : J . Saks Cleaners at 273·1066 
COLLEGE ID REQUIRED 

,----------------------, : FREE MOVIE TICKETS : 
I Monday and Tuesday Night Special I 
1 ___ --------------______ 1 

Come to Alexander's Pizza and try our medium or 
large deep dish pizza with beverages and we:1I give 
you a free ticket good at all Mann Theatres In San 
Diego. (These tickets purchased by Alexander's just 
for this special offer.) For every $6.00 you spend. you 
get one ticket worth $4.00. So bring in the whole gang 
and let Alexander's take you to the movies! 

272-2400 Offer good while supply lasts-not good on take·out orders. 

~UlLO(~~ 
WI LS~I~b 

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 
lUu.oclC'S/lUu.oclC'S WILSHIRE 

Car_ Opportunnlel 

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT 
TRAINING PROGRAM FOR 

DECEMBER GRADUATES IN ALL MAJORS 
Bullock's/Bullock's Wilshire. soulhern 
Callfornla 's leading department and 
speCially store. IS seeking December 
graduates Interes l ed in a bUSiness 
managemenl career Trainw positions 
include Finance and Accounllng. Personnel 
and Organization Development; Etectronic 
Data Processing. Operallons - Beauly 
Salons. Food Service. Secunly . and 
D,strlbullon 

If you are an aggressive. organized self· 
slarter, Willing to accept Challenging 
responslb,lilles and able to move at a fast 
pace under pressure. we would like to meet 
With you 

For more information COnl\lct your 
placement office or send resume to 
Bullock ·s. Management Developmenl , 
Attention Calhenne A Eells. 7th & HIli 
Sireets. LA. California 90014. (213) 486· 
5909 

EOE M / F 

contrived. PerhapS the only 
meritable technical effect is the 
meteor itself, M it loom. ever 
closer to its destination. Its 
overaU effect is weakened by 
Laurence Rosenthal' a musical 
score, which hal the usual 
amount of thematic overtones. 

Although the disaster, movie 
i. weJl past cinematic novelty 
and audience demand, Meteor 
proves that the fihn industry i. 
not about to shelve the genre 
just yet. The motion picture 
hal a current viewing 
engagement at the Univerlity 
Towne Centre 6 Theaters. 

The Country Deli 

~-H. 
..... N 

lllucatllllll C.ntlr 
CIII DI,. " .. ""s ......... 

2180 Garnet 
Pacific Beach 

270-6810 
CLASSES 

ON 
CAMPUS 

Center, In More Th.n 10 M.)or 
US ClUe,! PulrID llleo. TonNItD, 
Ce,,* • lUl-. SWltftNIld 

OutSide NY st.te 
call TOll '1111 , 100·223·17.2 

,. 

• 



KIIIaI KWi, • DNcuIa, clulcIwe I ...... A4Mi in ........ G.nMn film 'Noef .. tu,' 

'Not To Grow (:lId Is A Terrible Thing' 
s,. Paul Watry 

Werner Herzol'. remake of 
DrKUla, NoJ«ala, it a fihn defined by 
ill ecc:entricilia. As a nlCl'e8tion of the 
old Mumau dauic:, the venion .trivet 
to be atmo.t too faithful to the o.aI; 
it. outmoded convention. and 
exagerated 'laI. acting belong. to 
the era of the 2Oa, not the 70.. The 
muted colon Itrive to effect the IOI1lber 
image of black and white while minimal 
\lie of diaJocue mak .. the film nearly 
.ileal, 

But if Herzog'. falCination with the 
antiquated world of ahadow and light, 
good and evil, appearl too .trictly 
drawn, it i. done with a purpoae. 
Having realized the futility of 
producing another Dracula "thriDer," 
Herzog .weepl the horror in the film 
beneath a carpet of cam~, a1mo.t 
exaggerated melodrama. The mood 

leized upon i. reflected by the heavy 
make-up; ita Gothic·like character i. 
poignantly underlined by the 
Wagnerian film acore. It i., indeed, 
archaic, But the result of a truly 
"Gqthic" .creenplay fill the 
temperament of the original , Bram 
Stoker novel, 

A. in the novel. Dracula is a figure to 
be piti~. Hil remark - "to be able not 
to grow old is a terrible thing" -
pinpoints the redefinition of character 
which H~zog il learching for. Klaus 
Kinski play. the role of Dracula to the 
hilt; he il not the magnificent character 
portrayed by Chri.topher Lee. Instead, 
hi. .unken eyes and, smallilh fangl 
evoke memories of Lon Chaney in the 
Phanlom ollhe Opera, Kinski appears 
as a pitiful hUlk; the glint in hil eye 
sadly betraYI hil blood IUIt. 

Vet the .how i •• tolen by an invasion 
of Delph, Holland, by pIague.inleated 
rats. U.ing over ten·thouland 
Hungarian mice, Herzog insi.ts that 
the creaturea are a deci.ive element in 
the film, "almolt a key beeauae they 
.ignify an invalion of fear." Herzog 
reportedly choae the city of Delph 
because of its "bourgeoil neatne'l and 
order." The advent of the plague, 
brought about by Dracula'. army of 
rail, exemplifiea the coDaple of the 
moral IYltem; it. ine.capable 
de.truction il stunningly portrayed. 

The relt of Herzog's entourage is 
well cast. Ilabelle Adjani, playing 
Jonathan Harker'l wife, draws the 
vampire by her aenlUaiity. Her 
brooding character arouses a 
mystici.m which il necea.ary for the 
Gothic cont~nt of the fihn. Oracula. of 

courle, cannot reai.t the "lovely" neCk; 
yet he i. repeUed by. her moral rigidity. 

The coDusion of ordered and 
irrational worlds result. in madness. 
No.feratu'. melodramatic convention. 
lucCeed well in distorting reality 
beyond recognition, The reality of the 
film il washed away by the Iabrynith 01 
Dracula'i castle. Harker is told by 
Hungarian peasants that Dracula 's 
abode exists only "in the mind." 
Certainly it seems like that. The 
madne.. which touches nearly every 
character in the movie is symbolized by 
the castle's inescapable dreamworld. 
'The real horror of the movie il not in 

~e neck biting, nor in the blood-letting. 
It is in the realization that, whether it be 
in the plague·infested streets of Delph 
or in Dracula's castle, no escape from 
the Kalka.eaque madhouae il pollible. 

• UCSD UnMniIy EwnIs 0IIce 
.,....,... 

In 48 houn you can learn to use your mind to do anythinl 
you wish. It has been said that Einstein used only 10% of his mind. and the &eneral 

public uses only about -39fr4%. And thl's what Silva Mind Control i.all about: lcaminato use 
more of your mind. There is no limit to how far you can ao; there is no limit to what you can do. 
because there il no limit to the power of your mind. Students rcpon simple thin .. like relieve 
llervousneu, improve memory, overcome insomnia, enhance intelliaence. improve creativity 

and undentand the cause of success and ,ood health·to the more sophisticatd thin .. like 
develop ESP and usinC the mind to set loall, Fl information and lolve problema. 

Over two million people in 34 countries have taken Silv~ Mind Control, and ~ can you. To find 
out now. we invite you to a fn:e seminar. But a word of _rnina: it wiD chanae your life. 

Silva Mind Control. 

Silva Mind Control-

JAZZ. at Walk's PIac. 

LA·MONT 
JOHNSON 

Monda,., Nov. 5, 1979 

Classifieds 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Exciting internships in Wash DC, 
Sacramento and 'San Diego are 
becoming a reality through CASINO. 
Prospective interns orientation 
meeting Tues. Nov 6, 3 pm or Wed. 
Nov 7 noon in the North Conference 
Room. (11/7) 
Amateur Audition Night at Walks 
Place at the Pub Wed. Nov 14 & 21 
6:00 on. Contact Jim Laughlin, 755-
7825. ( t 1/16) 
NIGHTS OUT IS NOV 16th. Buyyour 
tickets In advance. Come prepared for 
the best in entertainment. (11/16) 
Women's Tennis: Important meeting 
Tuesday November 13, at 5 pm Rec 
Gym Conf Room. (tl/13) 
Wanted: Replacement for the Late 
Deputy Sudge who was gunned down 
Saturday. Apply OutbaCK Care. Ths 
wk. (11/5) 
Reward for the capture of Thomas 
Slade and Jonathan Fitz alia Jade 
brothers. See Warrentown Sheriff, 
Backroom, Outback Cafe. This week. 
(1 1/5) 
Love the sea? Jobs! Cruiseshlps! 
Sa~ing exped~Ions! No expo Good pay! 
Europel S. Pacif ic, Bahamas, World! 
Send $4 .95 for application/Info/jobs 
to Cruiseworld 205 Box 602 t 9, 
Sacramento, CA 95860. (11/5171 
12/144 / 19/21) 
WANT TO FLY? Airline attendenls 
earn to 25.000 yr! Travel! Airworld 
shows how to pass the interviews! 
Send for FREE information to Airworld 
205, Center Branch Box 60129 
Sacramento, CA 95860. (11/5/7/12/ 
1411 9/21 ) 
SEXUAL FREEDOM League parties. 
Sat. nites. 18 up. Non-coercive. 294-
9981. (11/ 13) 
WANNA BOX? UCSO Boxing! Sign up 
in front of the main library 3:30 - 4:00 
Woo. Nov. 7. (11/6) 
The attack of lhe Killer Tomatoes 
descends on UCSD Thurs. November 
8 MCA. Tickets at UEO Box. (11/8) 

They travel In packs they attack with 
an unrelenting fury of raging fire. 
Could it be/ Yes!! The Attack of the 
Killer Tomatoes returns Nov 8 MCA. 
Tickets at UEO Box (11/8). 

PERSONAls 
Susan Gundelfinger: St. Petrosgrad is 
cold this time of year, but thoughts of 
you keep my heart warm. 

Joszef Tesztuerya (11/5) 
Sarah, I HOPE YOU HAD A HAPPY 
BIRTHDAY! Love CAROLE (11/5) 
Pam - Think ing of you and 
candlelight dinners on the beach and 
horseback rides in Rosarito. (11/5) 
Hey Ardent A's and CAM-D! What 
happened? It was lust getting good! 
How good is CAM-On Nosey Rosey. 
(11/5) 
TOMATOES although docile 
creatures In most circumstances. at 
times they've been known to partake 
In savage feeding frenzies becoming 
Killer Tomatoes!!(11/8) 
THE TOMATOES ARE COMING ... 
AND THEY'RE KILLERS! (11/8) 
"A woman is a woman but a nurse is a 
smoke: ' Col. Potter? 

S'MWS'H! Nov 10. (11/7) 
"Hot lips - Keep talking it feels good" 

-Hawkeye? 
S'M'A'S'H! Nov 10. (11/5/7/9) 

Today is the day! Find out about 
academic graduate programs from 
knowledgeable facu~y and staff this 
afternoon at 4:00 in room 2100 BSS. 
This is your big chance to have all your 
questions answered. Deadlines for 
graduate school are approaching 
quickly! 
Mumbles - Sorry I missed the ·ad. 
Would like to see it again. Keep the 
faith! The missing link of SDB&E. 
(11/5) 
FREE PREGNANCY TESTING AND 
COUNSELING, MEDICAL AND 
FINANCIAL AID REFERRALS 24 hrs. 
AT 583-5433. (t 1/30) 

YOU CAN MAKE A 
CHANGE 

IN THE COURTS 
Discover USC's 

Master's Degree Program 
in 

A representative will be at 
Revelle Plaza 

. from noon until 4:30 pm 
on Tuesday. November 6, 1979 

lEST II BID 

The Daily G\Hudian 

SLAVEHOLDERS protested ''Oon't 
Impose your morals on us" Now 
abortionsists chant the same refrain! 
(11/30) 
Roses are tops violets are great Friday 
is the unveiling I can't hardly wait! 
Love ya BB, Cathy. (11/5) 
Do you need revenge without risk? 
UCSO's newest service can help fQr a 
minimal fee. Call dial-a-prank at 453-
8118 or 453-9696. SUbmil your own. 
or choose from out catatog of many 
fine pranks! (11 / 6) 
ABORTION IS A CRIME THAT KILLS 
not only the child but the consciences 
of all involved - Mother Teresa -

(II/3~) 
ABORTIONISTS hired to kill with your 
reg fees? Yes! Angry? Object? Join 
the resistors! How? 454-1 962 . 
(11/30) 
Happy Anniversary Johnnyl Thank 
you for two beautiful years of 
happiness. OH GWAIJA HOU. Love 
Shorty. (11/5) 
Do you need revenge without risk? 
UCSO's newest service can help for a 
minimal fee. Call dial-a -prank at 453-
8118 or 453-9696. submit your own, or 
choose from our catalog of many fine 
pranks? (11/6) 
Saturday, Nov 10 is s.s. Day! "Shine 
Saturday" S'M'A'S'WE'D (11/10) 

WANTEd 
Doctors, nurses. copter pilots, all 
interested personnel enlist now for 
S'M'A'S'H. More aclion in one day 
then you'll experience in a lifetime. 
Enlist now al UEO Box Office or see 
your local S·O'A·P. (11/10) 
San Diego City Council needs interns! 
Come to prospective internship 
meeting Nov_6. 3 pm, Nov 7 noon at 
North Conference Room. Student 
Center or stop by CASINO (in AS 
office) for more Info. (11 /7) 

ItOUSiNG 
For rent 1 bdrm OM house. $150 plus 
elec, ocean view, ph : 481-0527. 
(11/9) , 

tECHNICAL 
INpboanI ~ COr*oI 

~~COnIIoI 
Nuclear PtopuIIIon 
......... 1IedrIcaI. CI¥I 

Nuclear, ChemIcal, 
llec.*ollic. Mechanical 

.. ara ClIo .. 

Double rm Del Mar 1 bl Beach 3 bdrm 
2 bath huge backyard. furnished 755-
3660 or 452-9635. (11/6) 
Available In December: room for male 
to share 4-bedroom country living. 20 
min from campus. % mile from beach. 
$1751 mo Oceanside. 722-7939. 
(11 /30) 
Roommate to share 3 bdrm house 
$135/mo 566-2964 ask for Mike. 
(11/8) 
2 bed condo lor rent , 10 min walk 
campus. new. move in now, pool 
jaccuzi, $475, details 455-1786 pm. 
(11/5) 
MF rbommate own room ocean view 
house Del Mar. Jan t 980- end of wtr 
qtr, Renl $187.50 Deposit $75. 755-
6355. (11/5) 
Reasonable neat roommate wanted to 
share 2 bedroom, 1 loft condo with 2 
other people on the bluff in Solana 
Bch. 30 seconds to beach. $180. Call 
JOhn Or Don 755-4635. (11/6) 

SERVicES 
Have you ever felt "unattractive?" If 
so, you could be a beneficial 
participant in my study - volunteer in 
dept inter.views on people's self 
concept contact Freda Cruse 452-
8779 or leave message at HSS 7042. 
(1 t 15/7) 

Have mid-terms shot you full of holes? 
Get S'M'A'S'H'E'D Nov 10. Enlist 

. now at UEO Box. (11 / 9) 
SUrprise your friends!! Happy Birthday 
Co. will bake cake, sing any song 
anywhere on campus for anyone -
student or professor for $6. Arrange 
with Dan 455-1280 or Rick 453·1957. 
(11/5) . 

Typing: University City. IBM SelectriC. 
Fast, reliable. Days 452-4244, ask for 
Jane. eves 286·4966. (11/~0) 
Did you hear about CASINO? We Will 
I..,d you an excning internship in 
Wash DC, Sacramento or San Diego, 
come to prospective interns meeting, 
Tues Nov 6 3 pm orWed Nov 7 noon In 
the North Conference room, Student 
Center. (1117) 

ADMINISTRATION 
\.ogIIIIca Manogemen' 
AIIaaII MaII ....... 1ee Mgrnt. 
"'*-AdrnIrMarton 
HOapIIaI AdmIlMallon 
CoIlegellllWcfton 

(PtIrIIcaI1ctenc. Dept.) . 

QIWlFICAJIONS: lAllA or c:on.ge .-or. FedefaI 
~ IImI av- to 27 (adlllIIabIe up to 3 ,eanlor 
veil). QuaIIIIcaIIoI.", and phyIIcaI.amIIlCIIon will be 
gIVM pdor to hiring. 

..-ns: P'aIcIIraInIng. Norrc:oI*1biIOry medical plan lor 

......,.. and dIpeIldenII. 1IIIItr .. paid vacatton a 

.... Non coNrIbutory ..... ..,.., plan. Planned 

.. omolon pion. 

fIIOCIIIUB: IIgn up lor ........... atlheCcner Plcnllng • 
".a.IMftlCenIIr ............. beheld on ~I; 
or Gal .,...... tar ""'* 1l1faImaIton. 

11 

fOR SAlE 
68 Monaco new tires, pwr strg & brks, 
air-conditioning, clean interior, great 
condo Must sell $600, 455-7396. 
(11/7) 
10-speed bike, lightweight coppi 
framecampi, shima no & suntour 
components $200 OBO. 755-&458. 
(t 1 /7) 
68 VW Bug runs great, low mileage on 

rebui~ engine. body needs some 
fixing-up. Asking 1650. Gall anytime, 
i«Iep trying. 454-9837. (1115) 

TRAVEl 
CIEE student travel center located on 
the 2nd floor of the student center 
open MWF 8 -12, TIh 12 - 4. (11/30) 

lOST" fOUNd 
Lost grapefruit keyrlng. ? in P &L 
Please call 455-0378 evenings or 
x4766 days. Ask for Dana. 
Lost wallet . If found please call Shawn 
755-8948, 

Found: TI55 calculator at Revelle 
froutain. Must be able to identify 
through serial II. 0000 0000 Pau~ 224-
7909. 

Lost green rainbow wallet. If found 
please call Terry at 45S-5516. (11/7) 
Reward!! $20 for return 01 SPL meter 
removed from Phonetics Lab, 
Desperate, No n·s. Mike 452-2537. 
(11/6) 

, 

We can expose the inner 
you with "Anatomical Ts" 
Also available for you 
doctors and doctors·to· 

be: the "MD Tee." 

10% offwtth 
student 1d 

459-8006 



11 

Key Win In 
Volleyball 
CoMb_ from ,... 6 
CIOIIIII to a doae, Dannevik 
has been ahufflinc the lineup. 
Lori MeIm has joined Am 
bhMra .. a leiter, .. her 
utlin, ~.. improved 
bemendoully over the 1eUOIl. 
Beth Prather i. now a hitter. 
rather than a blocker, helping 
Elaine Her....... get the-baD 
over the net. . 

The new setup may beJp 
UCSD overcome Azusa •• till 
unbeaten in Ieque play. but 
Dannevi.k, aoubts it. 
"Realistically, we'D lose . to 
them," he said. Playing on 
Azusa'. home court is an 
IIdcitionai disadvanta,e. 

The.DItHy Gmu'(Uall 

Diablo Plant Unsafe; Industry 
Push for Approval -is Alarming 

Continued/rum paRe 2 
economical to deal with the 
"energy cri.i." through 
conservation measures and 

development of .afe, 
renewable energy alternatives 
. .olar, wind, tide and 
geothennal power, that to 

CrOll Country Teams Lose 
Badly Without Top Runners 
Continued from page 8 
could be called a team, fared 
worse than the men. The 
leaden, Patty FamD and 
Kelly Garedea, left the team 
for the weekend to compete at 
the AlA ~ re.Jionai meet held 
in Rockland, near Sacra-

mento. 
Suaan F OtJeI took their place 

Saturday, fini.hing third 
behind two Pt. Lama runner. 
with a time of 22:28. The 
other two UCSD harrier. 
fini.hed behind her in 6th and 

,8th places. 

continue to build nuclear 
plants. 

Nonetheles., the industry, 
using our money to buy 
lawyers and legi.lators, 
continues to puah nuclear 
power. Our one re.ource i. 
people. 
- We of Southern California 
have a reactor in our back 
yard, at San Onofre, and two 
more being built - like Diablo, 
on a fault line. People Power 

• can ,top the madness - join us 
at Doheney State Beach on 
Nov 10. CaJPIRG has detail •. 

VAL CATANZARITE 

IIoDda7. Nov. I. 1879 

Marcuse 
Continued from "C/~N 2 
was all and that was more 
than enough. For what we 
had experienced together 
was pure friendship - a 
friend.hip that was to 
continue for another three 
decade. - uncontaminated 
by celebrity .• eeking of 
"making it" in the real world 
outside the dream·fortre •• in 
which we worked. Herbert' 
was to go on to far greater ' 
eminence. But one of hi. 
greatest and mo.t . uncele· 
brated triumph. was to have 
remained authentically 
him.elf in the mo.t 
inauthentic of the roles in 
which he was cast in a long 

. and infinitely rewarding life. 


