
The Dail~ Guardian 
Volume 38, Number 20 Univenity of Califomia, San Diego Thursday, October 18, 1979 

AS Vice President Nancy Laga told the City Council accepting 
money from NeW developers was a "conflict of interest." 

Union Will Ask Scripps 
Nurses Not-to Strike Next 
:Week; Say Hospital's 'Good 
Faith' Obviates Walkout · 

By John Hondros 
Associate News Editor 

Negotia tors for the 300 
registered nurses at Scripps 
Hospital will recommel1.d 
today that strike notification 
for next Monday be withdrawn 
because of " significant 
progress" made in contract 
talks yesterday, California 
Nurses Association negotiator 
Katie Silverman told the Daily 
Guardian. 

The Scripps RNs, accusing 
the hospital of stalling in 
bargaining talks, threatened 
the walkout last Friday. Before 
the strike was announced, the 
nurses filed a complaint with 
the National Labor Relations 
Board charging the manage-
ment with unfair labor 
practices. 

than 50 percent of its initial 
membership. 

"The nurses were angry 
that little progress was bein~ 
made in the negotiations, ' 
Carribine said. "We've been 
losing nurses every day 
beca use the staffing is bad and 
the patient load is up. 

City Council Delays Decision on 
North City West One More TiDle 

However, Kevin Carribine, 
a Scripps RN and CNA 
negotiator, said he had seen a 
"change in attitude" in Scripps 
negotiators this week, and is 
optimistic that they will begin 
tp "deal in good faith at 
bargaining talks." 

"This is obviously an effort 
(on the part of. management) 
to discourage the nurses so 
they can try to decertify the 
CNA ." 

However, a representative 
of the hospital's president, 
Ames Early, calls the 
allegation "unfair and 
unsubstantiated. " By Kathy Huffer 

AstlOCiate News Editor 
The future of North City 

West was left unsettled 
yesterday after the San Diego 
City Council again put off a 
final decision on the 
controversial development. 

After three hours of 
testimony by developers, 
citizen interest groups and cit,y 
representatives, the council 
voted to table the issue until 
Monday, when they will 
continue discussions on the 

~roject and may ~ake a final 

vote on the development. 
Plans for North City West 

were initiated more than nine 
years ago, and yesterday's 
half-filled chamber suggested 
that public interest in the 
project is wearing down. 
- But a small and determined 
group of citizens appeared at 
the final hearing on the 
development, holding protest 
signs and booing council 
members' pro-North City 
West statements. 

Nancy Laga, Associate<! 
Students vice president, spoke 
out against the development 

'new indicator' Left Short 
Of Funds After Paying for 
'Disorientation Manual' 

By Sam Gooch 
Staff Writer 

The new indicator Collective will work under a tight budget 
for this year if it is not reimbursed for $638 used this summer 
to publish the Disorientation Manual, according to Jon 
Bekken, a collective member and an author of the manual. 

Bekken tried to obtain the money from the Associated 
Students last June, claiming the AS Council had set aside an 
allocation for manual printing costs from last year's budget. 
" Everything had been cleared with the appropriate 
bureaucrats," Bekken says. 

But AS President Ca rlos Montalvo says the Council ha s 
never voted money to the ma nual. Such funds must be 
~pproved by tfte ct&Yrent council , Montalvo a rgues, "and a t 
tha t time (last spring), there wa s no way to caucus for a 
decision." 

A line-by-line ana lysis of the budget account from which 
Bekken has sought reimbursement shows no record of a n 
a llocation for Ute manual's publication, according to Nora 
Aust, stud nt center book-keeper. 

T he new indicator ollective used their own funds this fa ll 
to print the ma nual, a 64-page historical ov rview of U SO 
institutions a nd burea ucra tic structure$, a fter Monta lvo 
decided in June to freeze the account. 

While Bekken ays Montalvo "exceeded his authority in 
de nying us the funds," Monta lvo mainta ins he has the 
a uthority to "freeze a ny AS fund _" 

Bekken says then although the Collective has asked the AS 
for a refund , no formal action is preSently pla nned for retrieval 
of the money. 

Bekken attributes the freeze of funds to Montalvo's 
opposition to the " totality" of the manua l. "Montalvo 
wa opposed to AS funding of a critical r vi w of univer itv 

Please lurn 10 paJ.le R 

during the hearing, urging the 
council to choose between 
"yours conscience and your 
pocketbook. " 

North City West will 
"perpetuate an awful housing 
situation" and will contribute 
to student attrition a UCSD, 
she said. 

Laga was greeted with 
laughs from the council when 
she accused members of 
supporting the project because 
of campaign contributions 
from North City West 
developers . 

Other speakers told the 
council that air quality, traffic, 
noise pollution, sewage, and 
water availability and school 
facilities - all discussed in a 
recent Environmental Impact 
Report - could not be 
sufficiently mitigated to justify 
construction of the proposed 
40,OOO-member community. 

But city staff members told 
the council the impacts will be 

mitigated,~ and cited data in 
their arguments. 

School facilities, which 
Please lurn 10 page 8 

"I think they want to reach 
an agreement so the strike can 
be withdrawn," Carribine said. 

"More has happened this 
week than in the past four 
months we've been bargain-
ing," he added. 

Items agreed upon 80 far. 
the CNA sa¥s, include 
proposals which would assure 
RNs every other weekend off, 
and leaves of absence for 
sickness or pregnancy. 

And, Carribine says, RN 
wage increases were discussed 
last week for the first time since 
talks began June 1. 

Carribine said that earlier 
he believed management 
"hasn't barf{ained in good faith 
and never intended to." 

CNA officials had charged 
that Scripps was trying to 
break up the union, and had 
requested and received a 
federal mediator. 
. Scripps officials can petition 
for decertification of CNA in a 
year if the union loses more 

Shannon Resoyan said that 
management has met a union 
request to ne,otiate more 
frequently. "We ve asked that 
negotiation hours be expanded 
to two days (T ue.da~ and 
Wednesday) this week. Thiais 
an indication that these 
charges are not true." she said. 

The Physicians Executive 
Medical Committee at Scripps 
also has become involved in 
this week's negotiations, 
Carribine said. 

"They fear the impending 
strike and want us to 
withdraw. However, they are 
also sympathetic to our 
cause," he said. 

The RNs decided to 
unionize last year because of 
concern over staffing and 
wage problems at Scripps, the 
union says. 

The nurses at both the La 
Jolla and Encinitas hospitals 
voted in March to be 
represented by the CNA. 

,. 



22 The Daily Guardian 

Homosexual Decries 
'Usual' Gay Lifestyle Opinion . 

By Jack Pearson 
Perhaps I should find some solace in being 

included within the ranks of a minority, a status 
. that hal become somewhat fuhionable. Solace 
might come easier if my minority status were of 
an ethnic, political, racial or religious nature. 

ear~er years had been spent pursui!'lg sex and ' 
superficiality. Substance had escaped them and 
they had turned into despondent older men for 
whom "gay" would be the classical misnomer. 

In the gay subcu1ture a comparably relaxed 
moral code is definitely the rule rather than the 
exception. But I am linked to a group of people for no 

other reuon than a shared sexual orientation. 
freelance writer Jack Pearson wrote this ' Until gays require adherence to the same 

moral code for themselves as for nongays, 
article lor the Pacilic News Service. people such as Anita Bryant will wield at least 

Some people might be surprised to learn that one sickle of truth and will use it with a zeal that 
there are homosexuals who do not wish to be will never permit total recognition and 
identified with the gay community as a whole. acceptance by society . We gays expect straight 
We are not trying to portray ourselves as society to exercise some control over its sexual 
heterosexual or even as more acceptable to appetite while we permit our own sexual desires 
heterosexuals, but we do not share the -values to determine the type of lifestyle we lead, 
and lutes that typify the gay lifestyle. usually one that is promiscuous and self. 

Having acknowledged my own sexual serving. This is one homosexual's admission 
orientation at the age offourteen, I have had 21 that double standards born in the gay lifestyle 
years to acquaint myself with the world of gays are a more serious obstacle than any 
from the inside. I have learned that social, oppression of intolerance from without. 
lUCCesS in the gay world requires unchallenged Many gays are certain that the answer. to our 
conformity. From the trendy vernacular to social ills lies in educating the public . Gay rights 
dress codes, to sexual behavior, conformity is leaders should question themselves as to how 
the name of the game. well educated they wish the public to be. Should 

The fact that I am sexually fulfilled by one . . we tell them of the unparalled incidence of 
person seems totally alien to most of my "ay social diseases among gays? Should we tell 
friends. Because I am not "ready and willing' to them of a casual acceptance of promiscuity by 
participate in the gay parade of changing sex gays that would leave many "liberated" 
partners, I confeu to being out of step. I have straights breathless? Such a forthright 

J outgrown the gay bar scene, the baths, presentation may well alienate many straights 
"cn.ling" the .treets in tight jeans. presently in the camp of tolerant neutrality. 

I am not a prude. I just harpened to have Until the scope of gay lifestyles broadens and 
grown up. Some years back became sadly gay vision clears, I cannot be very excited 
aware of a large number of unhappy, middle· about all the work being done to achieve social 
aged homosexuals who shared their lonely lives, acceptance of gays. I can only wish to be 
with only a handful of gay acquaintances. Their counted out of it. 

Letter to the , Editor 

Food Not Sacred ..:.- It's a Riot 
Editor: The suggestion' is absurd. 

The Oct. 15 letter, "Food's 
So Scarce It's Sacred," 
suggests that all UCSD food . 
services dose down on 'Oct. 
31 as retribution for a food 
fight last Halloween in Revelle' 
cafeteria. 

The author sounds like an irate 
mother intent on teaching her 
pie.throwing Belushites "the 
value of food." If the author 
had 'only tasted Revelle's 
pumpkin pie last Halloween he 
would have tossed it..too: yo~ 

The Daily' Guardian 
Eric Joy. 

Edilor 
Jeff .......... He .. 

New. EditOf 
Iblhy Huff .. 
JoIIn_ 

JolIn KIodo 
Copy Ediooo 

JoMH. T., ... 
Opw- Edtt", 
. ..... Goob 
s,on. Edtt", 
Eric HorpoII 
s.-. Edttor 
_c.. 
...... £.dtIar 
T ......... 
-,,,. £.dtIar 
-,T_ c:-.I __ 

~tI~,.. ... 

The Daily t:;uardian is 
published Monday through 
Friday during the regular 
school yea r by students at the 
University of California, San 
Diego. Offices are located on 
the first floor of the student 
center . Mailin g address: 
Student Center (B026 ), 
UCSD La Jolla , CA. , 92093. 
The Daily Guardian 
subscribes to the Associated 
Press, the Los Angeles Times 
Syndicate and Pacific News 
Service. 

For news ,. call 452·3466. 

can only eat so many lead 
crusts and phoney fillers. 

Besides his nully propOsal 
to close down the cafeterias 
(oh what a relief...), the author 

' attacks UCSD students . He 
says they lack intelligence, 
maturity and responsibility, 
basing his earth·shattering 
findings about a single food 
riot. More absurdity. 

The author believes that a 
1960s-type attitude would 
liven Up j UCSD and help 
overcome the "comatose" 
syndrome that has afflicted so 
many students. But didn't 
Animal House de(>ict college 
life in the 1960.? Those food 
riots in the cafeteria sure 
looked like a good way to 
make college life more 
exciting, expecially with that 
jello.hound, John Belushi , 
leading the aerial ahack. Ah 
yes, bring back the good old 
'60s and let those pumpkin 

~s ny. Getting hit by a 
Revelle piecrust will sure wake 
us up. 

KIRBY WRIGHT 

Thursday, October 18. 1979 

.-----John Tayior: ----'---, 

No Morals Involved 
Any newspaper editor who pays too much attention to the 

moral quality of the adverti sing he runs will end up taking out a 
second mortgage on his house and printing his paper off dillo 
masters. The uneasy alliance between business communities 
and shaggr·headed, Ieft , ~beral editorial departme~ts t,h~t ~,,!sts 
in many cibes and towns Isone of the marvels of capltahsm j ItlS a 
partnership that survives because newspapers decided a long 
time ' ago that they would rather write about scandal in ,city hall 
than felony in the boardroom. 

Editors and reporters prefer to ignore advertising, because 
they would go lame·brained applying the same innate skepticism 
to the business world that they do when the mayor says he took 
his secretary to the Leagu'e of Cities convention to "take 
dictation." If they didn't ignore it, every stereo ad would suggest 
an investigative story on bait.and.switching , every auto ad a 
story about shoddy repair practices, every hairstyling ad a 
feature on conspicuous consumption and narcissism . Reporters 
who do suggest such stories, especially on small papers or 
papers that are in bed with business community, are more often 
than not told by their editors to go write a featur~ about the zoo or 
the elementary school talent show instead . Papers that violate 
the privacy of the private sector often find themselves short a 
contract or two. When a South Bay biweekly did an expose on 
the National City "Mile of Cars" several years ago, the next 
issue after the story was a lot thinner. Car dealers are 
high· volume advertisers. 

Into the heart of this c~nflict comes the campus press , shielded 
in part from it by campus advertisers and off·campus clients who 
don't much care what the paper says about on·campus issues . 

I am suspicious of most advertising (from here on I definitely 
do not speak for the editors)j you probably a re, too. For the first 
15 years of our life we are sa turated with messages about 

The editors did not define 
'offensive.' They listened 
to what readers said ... 

products; aft~r that, from sociology professors and 50·cent 
paperbacks, we learn how we have been subliminally seduced by 
images of naked women in gin ad ice cubes and pictures of 
popcom flashed on the movie screen before intermission . I have 
been convinced; I don 't think , for instance, that cerea l 
companies should be able to hawk nutritionless junk on Saiurday 
mornings before parents get Upj I think the more scrutiny and 
regulation that is directed at American industry and business the 
better off we will be. My lower·division microeconomics tells me 
that many businessmen will lie to consumers whenever it will 
profit them, as long as they are certain they will not be caught. 
And if the press, supported by the advertising, doesn't call them , 
who will? 

Most of The Daily Guardian's ad problems are ideological. 
When you depend on ads to publish, how do you decide which 
are "offensive" and which aren't? After the Dos Equis debacle 
last week, the paper apologized and said it would try not to run 
overtly offensive advertising again. The editors did not define 
"offensive." They listened to what readers said, and lots of them , 
along with half our staff, were outspokenly opposed to any more 
tacky short·and·skates . inserts from Mexican beer companies . 
1he editors agreed . . 

Inevit~bly , we received a 'sarcastic letter from a professor, 
who first subtly redefined the issue in terms of "moral" 
offensiveness instead of the aesthetic or Political offensiveness 
we reacted to. Why not cancel your research paper ads? he 
asked. How could you imp~citly condone plagiarism? The very 
idea of plagiarism makes a tenure·bred academic shudder. 
Never mind bait·and.switching and narcissism. (I am offended 
by plagiarism, though not as much as I am by other professors 
who give credit for projects such as the "Disorientation Manual." 
Using someone else 's words and ideas is only a little worse than 
rewarding people for sitting in a little room all summer reassuring 
each other that everything they already ~now is right.) , 

My answer to the professor who wrote to us is that the Dos 
Equis ad exploited a harmful stereotype of women in.a wa~ that 
is openly insulting to half of us and sh,arnelessly mampulahve of 
the other half. Sex in advertising is serious bU8i~ess; itgoes to the 
core of what is wrong with the relations between sexes in our 
culture. .. 

The research paper ads are poorly designed little things that 
obviously bely the notation on each that the service is for 
" research purposes only." That disclaimer is like a prostitute 
telling a policeman she is standing on the street collecting for the 
Salvation Army. It doesn't fool anyone, but it maintains 
appearances. The moral problem with the research paper ads -
and , depending on your politics, with ads from the CIA, beer 
companies and anyone else whOM! function is objected to by 
someone else - is with the sad , jaded people who provide the 
service and the students who make use of it. For the The Daily 
Guardian to withhold research paper ads is to suggest UCSD 
.students are not able to choose between right and wrong. If we 
worried about the trouble students could get into in 8 world full of 
salesmen, we'd go broke. 

Thursday, October 18, 1979 The Daily Guardian , 3 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIE~S 
I INTERNATIONAL I IL..--_N_A_T_I_O_N_A_L_~I IL..--__ S_T_A_T_E __ ---' 
Peace Prize Given 
OSLO, Norway - Mother Teresa, Calcutta's 

"saint of the gutters," won the 1979 Nobel Peace 
Prize yesterday and said she would spend the 
$190,000 purse on lepers and the destitute to whom 
she has dedicated her life. 

"Poverty and hunger and distress also constitute a 
threat to peace," the Nobel Committee said in citing 
the sixth woman to win the prize . 

The Yugoslav .born Roman Catholic nun, 
daughter of an Albanian shopkeeper and now a 

, citizen of India, said she accepted the award "in the 
name of the poor." I 

Her order, the Mission of Charity , was founded in 
Calcutta's slums in 1948 when Mother Teresa 
opened her first school with 40 cents in her pocket 
and special permission from Rome to live outside a 
convent. The order now runs schools , hospitals , 
youth centers and orphanages in ,50 Indian cities and 
in others around the world , from New York to Papua, 
New Guinea . 

'20%' Support IRA 
DUBLIN, Ireland - More than 20 percent of the 

people in the Irish Republic support " to some degree!! 
the activities of the Irish Republican Army fighting 
British rule in Northern Ireland , according to a 
research group. 

The independent group said an opinion poll also 
revealed that 68 percent of those asked were in favor 
of a united Ireland as "the most acceptable solution" 
to the bitter sectarian fighting that has cost nearly 
2,000 lives in 10 years. It also said 72 percent 
wanted the British army to leave Northern Ireland, 
even if the Protestant majority there wants the troops 
to stay. 

" It must be acknQwledged that on this evidence, 
opposition to IRA activities is not overwhelming and 
certainly does not match the strong opposition so 
often articulated by public fi gures," the survey, 
released Tuesday , commented. 

Ta'iwan to Senate 
WASHINGTON - A federal judge ruled 

yesterday that President Carter acted improperly in 
terminating the United States' mutual defense treaty 
with Taiwan without first getting congressional 
approval. 

U.S. District Judge Oliver Gasch ordered the 
Carter administration to take no action to terminate 
the 25.year·old treaty unless the administration 
received arproval by two·thirds of the Senate or a 
majority 0 both the House and Senate. 

Gasch's ruling carne in a suit brought by Sen. 
Barry Goldwater, R·Ariz., and 23 other members of 
Congress. 

A Carter administration spokesman said the ruling 
would be appealed. 

The treaty, in which the United States agreed to 
come to the aid of Taiwan in the event of an attack by 
the People 's Republic of China , would end Jan. ) , 
1980 , under Carter's timetable. 

"The termination of the Taiwan treaty carried a 
one·year notice that either party could cancel out," 
said Justice Department spokesman Mark Sheehan. 
"We will, of course, appeal it expeditiously. We feel 
that the president was acting entirely properly." 

GOP 'Killing' SALT 
WASHINGTON - The Senate Foreign . 

Relations committee was asked yesterday to count 
the Soviet Backfire bomber under the strategic arms 
limitation agreement. 

The proposed change, requested by Senate 
Republican leader Howard Baker of Tennessee, is 
widely regarded as a "killer amendment" because it 
would significantly change the text of the SALT II 
treaty and almost certainly force new negotiations. 

" It ought to be clear a t the outset that if this 
amendment i.s adopted, tha t would be the end of this 
treaty as now written," said ~en , Frank Church, D· 
Idaho , the committee chairma n. 

The USSR has insisted that the Backfire does not 
have intercontinental range 

EYE GlASSES/CONTACT LENSES 
Student Special 

Helena Rubinstein 
or PIerre Cardin 

Giqsses 
Regular $89.95 list 
reduced 50% to Iifijj. 
$49.95 complete ~, 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
$99 pair or 2 pair $139 

plus lree' stylish rimless designed sunglasses 
S39,95 value included free with YOUl contoct purchase 

PIofeuIonaI _ not Included, 
A proMoionaI corp. 

NORTH COUNTY 
Medical Denta l Center 

9855 Erma ROOd. Suite 107 
1-15 & Mira Mesa Rood Exit Dr. Alan H, L .... nlhal. 0 .0 . 
~-________________ 566·9900_. 

• 

0fI/Id- TMIS '.I n.. 
UWT Ole """",,, -
3D "". ... , 

I 
.. '''' .... -

.., , ... ,.. A. _r~ 
,0lIl •. 

I 

Rallies Blast Oil Co. 
SAN FRANCISCO - Hundreds of Californians, 

angered at spiraling energy costs and fuellCaratie., 
paraded, shouted and chanted yesterday as part 01 a 
na~onwide protest against the oil industry. 

More than 200 demonstrators gathered on the 
sidewalks in front of Standard Oil Company's 
headquarters in San Francilco, while an estimated 
400 persons, many of them elderly, gathered at the 
Santa Clara County administration buirding to rail 
against energy costs. 

In Los Angeles , meanwhile, William Winpisinger, 
president of International Association of Machinists, 
urged that controls on the oil industry be retained, 
calling .for the appointment of a "special prosecutor to 
watch over those bandits." An estimated 1,200 
persons gathered at two rallies i;J'the L.A. area in 
protest. 

"It's time to make the politicians get in bed with the 
American people instead of the ... oil companies," he 
said. 

Tahoe Dives Resume 
TAHOE CITY - Exhausted technicians tending 

the Lake Tahoe expedition submarine Pioneer I took 
nearly half the day off yesterday, scrubbing one dive 
but proceeding on another that could give the 
explorers their deepest dive in three days - 1,200 
feet. 

Instead of diving 700 feet into Agate Bay as 
planned during the morning, project leaders 
contented themselves with forenoon, 45·minute 
photographic session north of Camelian Bay at a 30· 
foot depth. , 

Martech International crews who brought their 
million dqllar, 12,000 pound craft here from 
Houston complained of fatigue from long days of 
tow,ing and diving and it was decided they should 
sleep late and eliminate the planned Agate Bay dive. 

Expedition scientists had wanted to dive below 
Agate Bay to study and photogra ph plankton, a food 
for larger lake species. 

c1'Re 'JIo9urf c!/,I/air 
~n 

creations 

25(: off 
any purchase 

of $1.00 or more 

1030 Torrey Pinel •• _._ •• ~_ 
at Henchel 

La Jolla 



The Daily Guardian 
, 

Personality Types Ke~p 1M 

Some ~Ie can't make '!» their minda which categ~ they belong in. Thia Team Captain is btinc hard to loak like • Roakie. Or ia it vic. wr8ll? See story at right. . 

Furniture Ranta I 
FAST. - ~-48 Hour Delivery 
complete one bedroom apartment 

for as little as $36,00 per month. 
100% option to buy ecourtesy to students 

KearrwrMelci 
4646 CorYVO( Street 

292~7 

13% OFF 

TRIPODS 
LENSES - BOOKS 

PROJECTORS 
35mm & Movie Cases 

Electronic Flash 
Enlargers 

All Darkroom 
(EKcept Paper, Chemicals) 

DOUBLE 
13% OFF 

FILTERS 
ACCESSORIES 

HARDBOUND BOOKS 
ALBUMS 

III! OUR UseD EOUIPMENT DEPT. 
MON.-" ..... IAT 1-5' SUN 11~ 

. . 

"8bl C()rlV"), St :->b~ 'J'J'J~ 

Thursday, Ootober 18, 1979 

Interest 
By Jon Goetz 
Sports Editor 

Sports 

Watching intramurals is never dull. When the action slows a 
littJe you can always look at the people. Watch them long eno~gh, . and you'll notice at least lour distinct types. You'll learn 
which types to avoid, and when. . 

The Announcer 
Most students, by the time they come to UCSD, have given up 

the thought of actually becoming a professional athlete, and are 
willing to settJe into an obscure 

Commentary life as a brain surgeon or Supreme Court Justice 
instead. Intr~mural athletes 

have publicly given up that dream, yet privately they yearn to 
hear Frank Gifford rave at their punt return or overhead smash. 

Because the networks have yet to realize their exceptional 
talent, however, the intramural athlete has to do his or her own 
announcing. Otherwise, their invisible legions of fans would be 
deprived of an assessment of their skills. 

"He sees Willy going long ," the team quarterback announces, 
"he ducks under a defender, fades into the pocket, throws a long 
spiralling beauty ... Touchdown! What an arm that kid has! " 

Meanwhile, the defense can't let the offense take all the credit 
for the action on the field. "He's going, long, but Dan The Man 
has him covered like glue. He jumps up for the pass ... Oh, shit! 
Complete for a first." 

This type of player isn't dangerous, if you humor him when 
Please tum to txltle 5 

EXPERIENCE 
·THE WORLD AS YOUR CAMPUS 

Sail from Los Angeles, February 3, 1980, and from 
Seattle, September 3, 1980, to the Orient, South-
east Asia, India, Elypt (Suez Canal) and the 
Mediterranean. Apply now. 
Earn a full semnter of credit. Sponsored by the University of Col· 
orado at Boulder. Panicipation open lO qualified students from all 
accredited colleges and universities. Semester at Sea admllS students 
without regard to color, race or creed . 
More than 60 university courses-wilh in-pon and voyage related 
emphasis. Faculty are from leadong UniVersIties. VISltong area experts. 
For free color brochure. call or write; Seme>ter at Sea. U MC SS68 , 
University of Colorado, 80ulder 80309, Teler.hone toll free (800) 
85"-0195 (except Colorado and California,. (7 4) 581·6770 (Califor-
nia) , (S03) 492-5352 (Colorado). ~he S .S: Univene i fully air-
conditioned, 18.000 LOns. regIStered on Llberoa and bUIlt on AmerICa. 

Who's Hughes? 
First to CIe\IW)p a synchronous-orblt 1OIeIb, Syncom, 

InHtatIng the whole era 01 space comrnunlcollonl. 
Flnt In ~..a.1OIogy eleclfonlca. 

YWI ftrat ernpIover arter groduotlon, perIlopIlllefor. 
graduation, ~ your ~t ofIIcewhen HugheI 

AIrcraft Company'S reCIUIterI wtI be on CCJrI'1)I& 

r------------------, 

1 HUGHES 1 
, , L _ _________ _ _______ ~ a...,.----

Thursday, Ootober 18, 1979 

Volleyball 'Reunion' 
Not Quite Perfect 

Win ·3-2 at Full Strength 
The women's volleyball 

team held a reW1ion Tuesday 
night and celebrated by 
beating VSIU in five games. 

The team, down to only five 
pia yers due to illnesses this 
weekend, returned to full 
strength and outscrapped a 
"scrappy" USIU Team, 15-4, 
13-15,15-3, 13-15 and 15-7. 

The wins were convincing, 
but the losses disappointing: In 
each, UCSD led through most 
of the game, then fell behind at 
the end, losing by two each 
time. 

Before Tuesday, the 
Tritons hadn't lost a game in 
their three matches . 
Nonetheless , they continued 
the win streak with their 
second non-league win of the 
season, and now stand at 4-0 
on the year. 

The win puts the team in 
good shape for tomorrow 
night's 7 pm game against 

league foe Azusa Pacific in the 
Main Gym. A win would give 
them the lead in their 
conference, and an edge on a 
trip to the national tournament 
at the conclusion of the 
season. 

The play Tuesday night 
was encouraging, but 
probably not enough to top a 
team like Azusa, who has won 
the league title for several 
years. 

The Tritons broke down 
during the match now and 
then, due to a motivational 
problem. "Every once in a 
while a particular individual 
doesn't do too well," said 
Elaine Bergman. "You just 
lose it sometimes." said Beth 
Prather. "You have to adjust, 
and try to ' figure out what 
they're doing, " The team had 
some problems adjusting to 
USIU ' s occasionally 
unorthodox style o! play. 

"The California look from a California MIg." 
Large selection of colors and prints 
Compare these at $18. to $22. 

NOW $6.99 
TIIle'- auc:h an outelandlng .alue that 
we cannot u .. the I 

MENS 
TIIIII. I RlCllueIbIII Wur 

WOMENS We.'.m Shirt. 
From a famous Callfomla Maker 
Come In and _ the label 
Compare these at 112-$24 

3 IItylell to choo .. from 
Flannel & Silk lOOks 
Orlg . $1e. to $24. 

Now ..... " •• 
TIle Femoul Maker 
Jeans 
Cords & Brushed Denims 
Orlg. values to $22. 
Now'I ... " 
SW •• '" 
Solids & Fancies 
Crew & V-neckll 
Orlg. 120. to $30. 
NOtlll '"." to '17." 

Now $B." 
Latest Fashion 
Dre •••• 
Mllny-Many styles 
Orlg . $20. to 170. 
Now '10." to 121." 
Skirt. I·Sldrt. I·Sldrt. , 
Solldll - Fanclell ' Terrie, 
lots of lilts 
Orlg. 115. to 135. 
Now $B." to '18." 

......... 

.a. ...... . 
••••••••• Hundred. of oth.r Item. to choo •• froml 

MeINe"" 
Wey ... ~ 
IMayU ... 
""'clnl 

"'" 
_ .0uI0 

CNtoe 
........ 

c-. 

1eGgo1-
H.I.S. 

Z~ln 
II"..., ,,,"" 
..... T ... 011 _ 

e." 

--
_lIM 

11211 Sorrento Valley Rd. 
(WPIet't ,,....Y. IO! & 5 come togethtf, 
Open 10 .... PublIc: 4IU4IO 

12332 Poway Roed 
~I" I". Yon. ShOPPI"t C.nterl 
Open to ... "*Ie: 74M014 
........ -..._ '00m·5:3OIom 

n.ur.. & Fri. '00m4pm 
SM. '00n>!!pm ..... 12.epn 

The Daily Guardian 5 

Pirates Win, 
Take Series 

,-----------IMTypes --------~ 

BALTIMORE (AP) -
Remarkable Willie Stargell 
cracked a game-winning two-
run homer last night to give 
Pittaburgh a 4·1 win over the 
Baltimore Orioles and make 
the Pirates only the fourth 
team to overcome a 3-1 game 
deficit and take a best·of-seven 
World Series. 

Stargell, known affec-
tionately as "Pops" by the 
rest of the Pirates , put the third 
of his four hits for the night 
over his team's bullpen in the 
sixth inning for his third homer 
of the 1979 Series. 

The 38-year·old captain of 
the Pirates is one of the few 
players left from the 1971 
World Champions, who 
clinched their title exactly eight 
years ago, also against the 
Orioles and also in Baltimore. 

He was the 40th player in 
World Series history to get 
four hits in a game and the 
fourth baiter to do so in this 
Series. 

Stargell unloaded against 
lefthander Scott McGregor, 
who pitched a courageous 
game in defeat for the Orioles. 

Watch Rookies 
Continued (rom page 4 
he 's ta lking to himself. 

The Star 
The star is the player that goes to J.e. Penney to get his or 

her name printed on a colton T·shirt to wear to the games, 
even if it costs up-lo 25 cents a letter. When her name appears 
on the intramural column 01 the Budweiser advertisement in 
the Guardian. she doesn't clip it out to send home to the 
relatives. He's the one with a pit crew on the sidelines thai can 
wipe his forehead, pour a boltle of Heineken down his throat, 
and give him a shave in 17 seconds or less, 

The stars aren't dangerous either, as long as you don't 
suggest that their play won the game for the team. 

The Team Captain 
A normal person looks at a game and sees 12 people 

competing, passing a ball, and teaming for a score. A team 
captain looks at the same game and sees six X's and six O's. 
The team captain is the student who has a tangled mass of 
player symbols, arrows and fines in the margin of his 
chemistry notes . 

Don't worry about the captain; he's only dangerous after a 
loss_ 

The Rookie 
They' re dangerous. 
They're also the easiest to spot. At the inner tube water polo 

game, it's the player who is f1oatinl{ around the pool aimlessl'y, 
- not able to see because he or she put the cap on backwards. 

At the floor hockey game, it's the only person who showed up 
on skates. At the team tennis match, it 's the guy who's sitting 
on the ground, trying to open his new can of balls with a can 
opener. 

_ AlI,.MOOl mE]ff ~. 
~.IiIII~ 

• R, I~ ~((~. JlIIIf ;UWJ.I mu, JfI1I(~. Willi f'M11 f.,.IIIf., INI~ II(~ ,.~J~IIIJI 
Evenings: 

5:15. 7:15 and 9:20 

IiItI ~ III JI~ "11"~ 111m 
"'_ .. , ..... PCMESflEl£AIl ttwu __ ..... -..-e ..... c....., 
.t\ .... ,.",......." fIIC1\NI LJII. AU. __ _ 

1 
___ EOII_~I1(COI1OS.w(S I 

._THII __ R1l0J(Jl1QMOIDt)I(S.GMSSfT. ____ • 

Sat & Sun malinees 
1 :05 and 3:10 

FLOWER CINEMA 3 
1-5 at Via de la Valle 755-0011 



8 

Ciassifieds 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
As rumor has it thai . . . it's going to 
haj)pen Friday October 26 in the Muir 
0uIId. Free ~ and rock 'n roll. 
(tOI28) 
D.A.R.K. S.T A.R. is UCSO's own 
Science-Fiction ciU::. We meet lonlght 
II 7 pm in the Rewlie Inlormal 
lOunge. (10/18) 
Help -- We're being invaded! Come 10 
the OutbaCk Saturday night al 9 pm. 
(10118) 

Fellowship available in medical 
anthropology or medical sociology: 
The Division of Femily Medicine al the 
Univ. 01 Calif., San Diego Medical 
Center will be sponsoring a nina-
month fettowshlp program 10 study 
health practices and beliefs in 
Imperial County. Ph.D sludents who 
ha", completed or are about to 
complete their courses and wish 10 
have a field study experience (and 
pol8nlial dissertation dala) are invded 
to apply. The applicant will prelerably 
be a bitinguat, bi-culural penson who 
atready nas some understanding of 
rural areas and migra nt health needs. 
PIeIIaa contact lisa Hirschman (714) I 
294-36t4. (10124) 

U'A'S'H was 16 hrs. in O.R. 
S'M'A'S'H .sR&R InTokyo.M'A'S'H 
was big Slichas vs little shches. 
s"M'A'S'H IS ethanol martin.s served 
oul of enema bags. M'A'S'H was lhe 
early morning sounds of I 6 mm 
rockets S'M'A'S'H is the tale night 
serenales of Ihe B.g Bands. M' A 'S'W 
was the cold of zero degree winters. 
S'M'A'S'H is the warmlh of the 
nurses quarters. M'A'S'H' was Korea 
t952. S'M'A'S'H IS UCSD 19791 
(to/I 0.12.15, t 7,19,22) 

COOks needed Sleazello·s. Slarl 
53251hr No experience necessary. 
Apply In person 2206 Carmel Valley 
Road. (10/19) 

ATTENTION ALL SENIORS: The 
PhOlomoblie is localed nexl 10 Ihe 
Craft Cenler In Iront 01 Ihe Student 
Cenler 10 have your picture laken for 
Ihe Senoor YearbOOk. There isNOcost 
Of obligation to you. but don·t be left 
out 01 the yearbook. Hours: Oct. 15 
113O-4·3O. 0CI 16,17,18,19,22 8:30-
4 :30, and Oct 238:30-2 :00. (10 /1 9) 
Barbecue Iollowed bV raequelDaU at 
Black Mountain Racquetball Courts 
this Thursday nighl. come to 
Racquetball Club meeling 4:00 in ree 
conI rm Thunsday or Call 453-7555 for 
adddional details. (10/18) 
Slumping tor a revolution in higher 
conciousness . Friday 19th 7 pm. 
sponsored by Alpha Omega Alliance. 
(10/t8) 
What do neckties and Alfred 
Hitchcock have In common? FRENZY 
(10/19) 
Hey Summer Bridge 79 let's get 
organizedl Meel Friday.al the Revelle 
Plaza Oct . 19 al 4 o·clock. (10/19) 

Seniors inlerested in participat\ng on 
the Revelle Graduation Committee ' 
please conlact the Revelle Dean's 
OffICe ASAP. Plans are underway for 
your June Commencemenl . (10/19) 

' Fetlow spacetings, we Invite you to 
consume mass quantities at the 
Outback Cafe, Saturday nighl, 9 pm. 

Saturday nite Oct 27. Central Library 
will be deserted. The Gym will be 
packed with your friends. 

Where win you be? 

The Daily Guardian .Thursday, October 18, 1979 

Get frenzied Oct 26 in USB 2622. 8:00, 
9:30, and 11 :00. (10/19) 
Dave Mason - Live in concert Oct 27 
in Ihe Gym. Tickels on sale now. 

(1~/19) 

PERSONAls 
My 2 Ardenl A's - Whal could be more 
senuous than the 2 of you with only 
your velour cloths? Me wilhout mine? 
Looking for a good DUSTING!! CAM. 
0 . (10/19) 
TONIGHT - DARK S.T .A.R. meels in 
the Revelle I nformal Lounge at 7 pm. If 
you like SF, BE THERE! (10/18) 
Gene Wilder & Madeline Kahn - The 
biggest pair of knockers this side of 
Transylvania - 3 shows!! Thurs 
B/l 0111 :30. Don't miss oulll (10/18) 
Abortionist hired to kill with your reg 
fees? Yes! Angry? Object? Join the 
res i stors! How? 454 - t 962 . 
(10/15,17,19) 

PREGNANT? TROUBLED? Free 
confidential counseling and referrals 
to medical, financial, and housing 
aida! 583-Life, San Diego Pro-Life 
League. (10/29) 
Dear Patty, I missed you over 1M 
'N8ekend. Hope 10 see you soon. J.B. 
(10118) . 
Don't miss CRAWFORD! Speaking on 
"Sensational Sex" 8 pm. Sponsored 
bV Campus Crusade for Christ. 
(10/18) 
Peggy Jannol, Monique (Bernie), 
Sherry Singer, Judy Goldman & Bruce 
Hamill: C .U.@ Ihe Conclave. DIB. 
(10/18) 
Happy 20lh Birthday Dave! Here's 
hoping you have one of the best yet! 
Love, MONICA. (1011 8) 
Agent BB7052: I haven't met you, thus, 
you musl-be the girl of my dreams, 
Q.E.D. - Your Spud H7227. (10 / 16) 

Robyn Smith, where are yuu? I misl> 
you a heck of a lot. Call me at 456-
0692 . Your shy ex-bio sludent. 
(1 0/18) 
To our ns: San Diego Brass & 
Electric Jazz Band is gelling baCk 
togelher, so It's all righl.MMBLS 

(10/18~ 

~OUSiNG 
.collective in Solana Beach needs 
, oommales . Femin i sm and 
responsibility a must. 481-5131. 
(10/t9) 
Two female housemates wanted for 3 
BR house in NW Clrmnt. Close by bike 
or car. Renl $133, dep $75. Nov. 1. If 
you're responsible and easy-going, 
please call Larry at 566-2964 / 483-
1835 eves; x4710 days. (10/19) 
Roommate wanted! Own room 4 
blocks to beach. $1 45 nonsmoker. 
Prefer senior or grad 481 -7425. Keep 
trying. (10/19) 
Available in December: room lor male 
10 share 4 bdrm- w!fireplace, pool. 
Luxury country living, 20 min. from 
campus , 'l4 mile from lieach. 
$175/mo. Oceanside. 722-7939. 
(11/30) 
Double room Del Mar $1 32 I bl beach 
Call Mike or Maury 755-3660. (1 0/19) 
Rooms lor renl 1 bl Irom beach $t 50 
and $175 Del Mar Call 755-3660 or 
453-0619. (10 / 16) 

WANTEd 
One plastic waler bollie 5 gallon size. 
call Johnny, ~venings 453- 1939. 
(10/ 19) 
SECRETARY WANTED 10 hours l 
week or llIorc $3 !'l0. u nlverslly 
Lulheran Church nex l 10 UCSD, 453-
0561 (10 /1 7) 
Double bed, dresser, and nightstand 
wilh in a week. Call 455-1474. (1 0119) 

4 tickets to the 8pm showing of Young 
Frankenstein. Call 452 -7027, ask for 
Marty. (10/16) 
Jazz keyboard player (pref own elect 
equip) to join S.D. Brass and Eleclric 
Jazz Band. Call Steve 481 -5803. 
(10/ 19) 
Wanled All' ra,d slfcn Musl be ,n 
working condulon Call 4!>3·9446 
MUSI havI ~ bc lore Nov I I. ( 10122) 

SERVicu 
Love your body with Aerobics Plus' , a 
movement class designed for lotal 
fitness. Try a FREE class. call 223-
5566, x365. (10/18) 
Typing: University City. IBM selectric. 
Fast,reliable. Days 452-4244, ask for 
Jane, eves 453-4966. (11130) 
JENNY'S HOME TYPING 
Term papers, Ihesis, diss. Days and 
eves 225-1 449. (11130) 
Typists: IBM exper / Iheses I disser I 
lerm papers /ed~ing. RUSH JOBS' 
453-0656 452-1588 266-4936 
225-1449. (6/6) 

Typing - term papers, Iheses, diss .. 
manuscripts, etc. IB M correcting 
seleclric reasonable. Mrs. Olds, 455-
0127. (10/18) 
Furn. rentals, Del Mar beach area. 1 to 
4 BR's trom $300 up. P.G. Tarr, 
owner / agent. 756-2625.(10117-19 , 
25, 26) 

fOR SAlE 
NOrlon 750cc low mileage, new paint, 
runs wong and handles beautifully! 
$1000. 282-4547. (10/ 19) 

TRAVEL 
CIEE student travel center located on 
Ihe 2nd floor of Ihe sludent center 
open MWF 2, TuTh 12-4. (11 / 30) 

ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, COMPU1ER SCIENCE Ie MATH SPECIAUSTS 
HELP US DEVELOP -, 

TOil .. ' .... 

If YOU 
ME ABOUT 
TO GRAOUATE .. 
with a deSree In 
Electrical Engtneerlns, 
Computer Science, or 
Applied Mathematics and 
are look Ins fOf' a position 
providing eereer opportunities 
and the challenge or 
tomorrow's teehnolosy, 
_ Invite you to consider 
e eet_ with GTE Sylvania 
Systems Group on the 
beautiful San francisco Peninsula. 

GTf Sytv ..... the stete«-
th&..rt division of a state«-

. tne-ett eorporetlon, Is e 1eeder In 
the development end manufacture of 
eomputer-o.scG systems. These etC 
rcel-tlme Interactive systems dedlceted 
to .c:qulrfn! and Pfocesslng electro-megnetle 
sl9nais. TIle functions of these systems are 
distributed across multiple prOCClS<)fJ end 
are Interfaced to sophisticated devices such as 
srnert terminals, reeel""rs, recorders end 
trensmitters. 

Upon joining our complete systems o"enizatlon 
you wiN pertlclpete In desIgn end development 
cttOlts In the following ereas: 

SYSTEMS ENGINEERING 
Perform per_ter estimation, statlstlcel SISMI 
procClslng end pattern ree09flltlon to .Insure the 
performance of slSnel cotlectlon and Inrormetlon 
PfocClslng functions. 

SOnwARE 
ENGINEERING 

Deslsn and cx""lop real-
time soltwere syslems utilizing 

high level prosrammlng languages 
(PASCAL, FOURAN, CMS-g lind Pl-l) 

end sortware for microprocessor 
lind mlnieomputer<ontrolled real·tlme 

systems. 

MICROPROCESSOR 
ENGINEERING 

Design real-tIme microprocessor signal 
anafy1ls end control equipment. 

RF • MICROWAVE 
ENGINEERING 

Develop _elfleat,ons for microwave and 
receiver subsystems, llneer If amplifiers, 

video amplltlcrs, detection circuitry end receiver 
cont,ol circuits. 

ELECTROOPTICS 
ENGINEERING 

Conceive, cxsign, develop and test opllcs products 
ror scientific applications and optical trllCking end 

ranging systems. 

COME GROW WITH US 
If you arc ready to begin your career In a dynamic and expanding environment, look to GTE 
Sylvania Systems Group tor an excellent salary and generous benefits package. 

We will be Interviewing on campus 
Wednesday, October 24 

Come talk with us. Please call your Placement Center tor detailS. If unable to meet with us on 
campus, please forward fetter ot Inquiry to: College Itelatlonl Coordinator, GTE Sytvltlla, P.O . 
loll 111, Moun~n View, C.llfomla 94041, GTE Sylvania Is an equal opportunity employer, 
minorities and females encouraged to apply. U.S. cltlzenshtp required. 

(ij i #I ==~ISION 

Thursday, October 18, Ul79 

introduces 

STEAKS 
-Complete steak dinner includes:----

dinner salad and 
choic~ of potato 

"Casually Sophisti~ated" 

You can't beat this deal 

2212 Carmel Valley· Road 
1/2 mile west of 1-5 

Del Mar 
755-6778 

'anywhere! 



8 

New Vote 
Postponed . 
Continued from 'page 1 

Mayor Pete Wilson has said in 
the past must be Jl~vided for 
in North City West plans' 
before he will support the 
development,will be ready "br, 
the time they~re needed,' 
Deputy City Manager John 
Fowler testified. 

But when pressed to insure 
that no children will be bused 
from North City West to area 
school., Fowler .admiHed, "I 

, th t " can t guarantee a. 
A potential increase jn 

traffic on Interstate 5 was also 
discussed during the hearing. 
While no one disputed 
prediction. of highly increased 
use of the freeway, city staff 
member. said North City 
We.t would "balance" the 
already heavy traffic on 
Intentate 15. 

The Daily Guardian 
, 

Newspaper Wants 
Refund for Manual 
Continued from page 1 
operations - especially the AS," Bekken says. 

But Montalvo replies, "I have never read the section 
evaluating the AS." 
Bekken has no regrets 

Montalvo states that he could have taken the $638 from 
hi. personal discretionary fund to pay for the manual's 
publication, but even though he found much of the material to 
be "quite valuable ," he also found it to be questionable in 
places with suggestions in the manual that signature forging is 
a,. option in dealing with university forms. "I didn' t think it 
would be in the best interests of student fee expenditures," he 
says. 

Montalvo was referring to pages four and five of the 
manual, which contain two s~ort passages that have been 
interpreted by some to be an endorsement by the authors 
of academic dishonesty. 

The manual states: " Many students have found that the 
ma~hine likes forgeries as much as real signatures, often 
savmg the effort of chasing down authorities." And regarding 

grade:cha~e signatures, the manual states, " Again, 
forgeraes will work, but if you forge be sure to send it to the 
Registrar via inter.campus mail." 

D 
I 
S 
o 
R 
I 
E 
N 
T 
A 
T 
I 
o 
N 

Thursday, October 18, 1979 

M 
A 
N 
U 
A 
L 

1 
9 
7 
9 

Next Monday the council 
will focus 01'1 the Carmel 
Valley Precice Plan, the first of 
.me phases of North City 
Wesl Approval of thi. plan, 
which may ~e place at next 
week'. meeting, i. nece.sary 
for the con.truction of North 
City Weal 

Bekken says it was a mi.take to include the pieces on 
signature forging. "It wa. a completely neutral staternent on 
our part," he say., "but I can see that it has been 
misconstrued by some to mean that we endorse such a po~cy 
when in fact we do not. 

"Except for those two paragraphs, we have had very good 
re.ponses to the manual." . 

The new indicator sayl it will ask the AS COW"Icil to reimburse it 
for f\Dlds it expended on this quarter's Diaorientation Manual, a 
64.page leftist explanation of the univenity and ita hiltory. 

There are a whole mess of bones in your feet. 
Fifty-two to be exact. 
To take proper care of all of them, you need a good -

pair of shoes. . 
Like the one you see below. A Rockport. 
That bottom is not one big hunk of crepe. It's eight 

separate layers. 1bis makes the bottom softer. More 
flexible. Easier on your feet. 

And that shoe won't rub your foot the wrong way, 
either. Because inside is a full leather lining that's been 
specially tanned to make it soft and comfy. 

Slip your feet ( or female) into a pair 
of Rockports. 

They'll follow you 
anywhere. 

Feet have feelings, tool_Rockport I 
For your nearest dealer. write Rockport Company, Marlboro, MA 01752 

"Coming Revolution 
in Higher Consciousness" 

REVOLUTION 
EXPLAINED 

"New At,e" 
Understa.nd1ng 

~, October 19 
HLAUD 

No Charge 
• Sponsored1ly 

Alpha Omega Alll&noe 

The Coutry Deli 
...---
---


