
_____ T-----h _____ e _____ Diiiiiiiiiiiiiii· _____ i~ll!: G u ardi an 
Volume 38, Number 1 7 Univenity of Califcmia, San Oiego Monday, October 15, 1979 

Nurses at Scripps Threaten Strike 
By John Hondros 

Associate News Editor 
Claiming that Scripps 

Hospital officials have heen 
reluctant to bargain in good 
faith, the registered nurses at 
that facility have threatened a 
walkout for next week. 

The 300 RNs at Scripps 
Friday threatened the strike in 
anger over what they say are 
unfair labor practices by the 
facility's management. 

While the RNs were 
unavailable for comment, the 
Los Angeles Times reported 
that their complaint ill that the 
management has not been 
"dealing in good faith" in 
.negotiations to determine the 

nurses ' wages and working ' 
conditions. 

"We're very dissatisfied 
with our wages; they are not 
commensurate with nurses' 
abilities and experience 
levels," Cathy Pearson, a 
California Nurses Association 
negotiator and RN at Scripps' 
E,ncinitas hospital, told 
the Vaily Guardian before 
bargaining talks began in 
June. _ 

Nurses 'at the La Jolla and 
Encinitas branches of Scripps 

Hospi~al, who are represented 
by the CNA, voted in favor of 
unionization last ·spring. 

Scripps President Ames 
Early said yesterday he 

Jeff "the Juggler and 
Storyteller" entertained a 
mid-day crowd in Revelle 
Plaza last Friday. He 
emigrated to the United 
States 10 years ago, after 
learning and developing his 
craft in Albania. 

Jeff tours various schools 
throughout Southern 
California. Here, he displays 
two of his most dangerous 
acts, juggling a set of 
torches (above) and knives 
(right). 

helievt!s the thrt!att!ned strike 
is "a tactic on the union's part 
to pressurt! the hospitals to 
yield to all of their 
demands. ", !TIa~ 01 which are 
unreasonable ... 

" Wt! 've (the management) 
been bargaining- in good faith 
since the beginning," he said. ' 

The nurses filed a complaint 
Friday with the National 

Labor Helations Hoard 
charging that "hospital 
officials have tried recently to 
remove 8Q part time relief RNs 
from the har~aining unit and 
have forced full-time nurses 
into night shifts without regard 
to seniority or personal 
convenit!nce," the Times 
rt!portt!d . 

Howevt!r, Early said these 

claims art! "unsubstantiated." 
Should a strikt! occur, Early 

said both hospitals will 
"operate as nonnal, offering a 
high level of health l'are 
services. 

"We willtakt!every possible 
~tep at the nt!l(otiations table 10 
reclch a settlement so a strike 
may he avoidt!d," he added. 

Federal Spending Holdup Fixed, 
But VA PaYI in Inltalll1lents 

House, SetKJte ,fight 'Oucr Rai •• 
By Meg Honda 

Staff Writer 
Veterans Administration 

Hospital employees will 
receive their full paychecks 
this week after all. But 
maneuvering in Washington 
caused the pay to comt! in two 
installmt!nts. 

A congressional stalemate, 
ca used by two controversial 
riders on tht! bill to fund fedt!ral 
agencies, removed the power 
of all federal agencies to spend 
money after Oct . I, thus 
threatening V A Hospital 
employees' salaries accrued 
after thac date. 

. 

But tht! Senatt! passt!d an 
emt!rgency funding bill Friday, 
along with compromist! 
agreemt!nts for a controversial 
5.5 perct!nt congressiona l pay 
hike and 'trider abortion 
funding legis lations, brea king 
a month-long dead lock with 
the House of Reprt!st!nta tives . 

Tht' s tal t!ma tt! occurred 
when tht! Senate rdused to 
approve an across tht! board 
pay incrt!ase for all members 
of Congress (currently earning 
$57,500 annually), 900 
federal judges, who were given 
a 12.9 percent increase in 
salary 13 days ago, and 

22,000 high-level officials in 
all three branches of 
government. 

An abortion funding bill, 
which disqualifies a woman 
from rel:eiving fedt!ral funds 
for an abortion even in the 
event of a ht!alth threatening 
situation, also delayed the 
funding bill . 

Tht! e nat e finally 
approved all three bills a fter 
Senatt! ma jo rity Leader 
Robert Byrd (D-W.VA) 
pointed out that nearly three 
million paychecks were at 
stake due to the fact that the 
Senate and the Houst! were at 
odds with each otht!r. 

President Cartt!r signed the 
t!mergen<:y funding bill into 
law late Friday , thus renewing 
the spt!nding authority of 
nearly t!vt!ry federal agency. 

However, the action wall too 
late to allow the V A Hospital 
employees their full paychecks 
for tomorrow. 

Elmt!r Juliano, ht!ad of the 
hospital 's fiscal department , 
'aid Friday that the pclyroll for 
"somewhat OVt!r 2,OO() 
employees" was processed in 
the normal way. "Wt! were to 
proct!ss tht! entirt! payroll for 
the two week period from Sept. 
23 to Oct. n, not making any 
stipulations for Congress." 

Howevt!r, the computers 
were programmt!d to 50 
perct!nt of the net take-home 
pay amount, meaning that 
tomorrow's checks will cover 
only tht! ptembt!r portion of 
the employt!es' full pay. "Ihe 
second half of tht! paychecks , 
covering the Ocloher period, 
are due W dnt!sday. 

AS to Speak Against 
North City West Plan 

By Kathy Huffer 
Associate News Editor 

Associated Students mt!mbt!rs will speak against North City 
West at this Wt!dnesday 's San Dit!go City Council hearing, but 
do not expect their protests to sway the council from approving 
the proposed community of 40,000 that same day. 

This will he the first action the AS has taken on the 
proposed development, which is expected to be approved 
by the city council in two days. 

Tonight several AS members will attend a Del Mar 
Council meeting to show support for the council's anti-
North City West stance, according to Nancy Laga, AS 
vice-president. 

Laga says that although their eHorts won't prevent 
approval of the development, the AS will "at least go on 
record " as speaking out on it. 

An AS-sponsored car pool for students interested in 
a ttendi ng Wedn sday 's meeting will It!avt! from the 
Studt!nt Center at 8:30 am, Laga says. Two ASmembers, 
as yet not chosen, will speak in oppo ' ition to th 
devdopment during tht! ht!aring prt!l:eding the coun ii 's 
vott!, a ' 'orcling to Laga . 

The AS has not actively opposed North ity W st in th t! 
past be 'a use members wer too involved in other issu s, 
Laga says. 

Tht! AS dfort this we k do s not rt!present a formal 
stance against North City Wt!st because "we 'a n't ta ke a 
formal position on non-univ rsity issues, " _acwrding to 
Laga . 

Informally, however , the AS "hate it to death ," Laga 
says of the dt!velopment. 

Wednesday 's council hearing begins a t 8:30 am, and 
will be held. at the City Administration Building, 202C 



The Daily Guardian 
Eric Jaye 
Editor 

",,"",-4~_"" 

Jeff Beresford-Howe John Klock 
N .. ws Editor Copy Editor 

Kathy HuUer 
AssOI:iate Neili'll Editor 

John Hondroa 
Associate News Editor 

l 11"I~tll 't I I IPIII"" '" (1" " "M'l1llh. · \ II'" ",II II", 11\ 1', lI lt·lIll k·r . 'c!II,,'I. 11 hCMrd IIf 
Th,. Daily Guardian. Th~ Daily Gu ... dian IJIo Inllll, ... lh'tl MI II"I •• " Ih rt" I~" 
I "I\." I IIII UI1': tilt' rq.: lIldr ... h04l1 \ 1' ,1, h\ . "hK II'nl l'o ti t 11." l lnl\ •. r" 'I~~ :Jf 
( , . 111111111,1 . :" . .. , l)w j.!l l. 1'4 " ,·,lIl on"I •• 11I I'-,.l. ·.i 11,11. flit I ... I""M· ... :- I ,.11 1..,_ 

3 H;S 

Good Intentions 
San Diego city councilmen are scheduled to vote 

Wednesday on the first phase of N<;>rth City 
West ; a development east of .campus ~hlch, when 
completed. would be a massive, exclUSive com":,unlty of 40,000 
residents. The upcoming vote IS on the first of mne phases of the 
project, but observers believe the full project ~ill be hard to stop 
once councilmen approve the first 2,078 Units. 

We think North City West is a bad idea, because of its 
projected impact of traffic congestion, air ~uality and the 
beaches and becauae of ita inconsonance With the need for 
enerKY conservation. And planners, putting a $150,000 price 
tag on the deveiopment'li least expenliive units, have ignored the 
terowinl( need in San Diego for more rentals and for low· cost 
houlling. 

We're afraid UCSD Associated Students may misli a chance 
to duplicate the luccess of its predecelllOr, the Student 
Cooperative, which Will able several years aKo to for~e 

~velopers to ~ilC"ificlintly scale down planli for University 
lowne Center. me AS could have used the two-week delay -

obtained by II Del Mar·baled group - to organize members of 
the UCSD community against the project, throul(h the use of 
publit:ity and public meetings. and to find a way to !let students, 
faculty and IItaff to the Wednesday city council meelin!l. 

AS representatives do plan to atten~ a, Del Mar City Council 
meetinl( to show their support for that city III1.ta~ agalO~~ North 
City Wellt; that effort will be admirable but misdirected. I. he real 
preliliure must be applied downtown, and the more antl-NCW 
people who are there, the better. 

The AS (,'ouncil has also avoided taking an official position on 
the illsue.1f the development ill approved on Wednesday, and we 
are afraid it may be, the AS owes it to the community to get 
involved in the inevitable appeal» proceSlI, either through city 
channelll or in the courts, at the ground level. 

And Good' Results 
W e wmme nd Ril:hard Armita ge. vicet: ha ncellor for student 

affairs. for using $3 ,500 from his di~cretionary fund to make 
sure students who want to partit:ipate in intramural sports won' t 
be left out because of a shortage of paid referees, 

Bt'Cause of an une xpected surge in interest in intra mur(lls 
over last year, 47 teams in three sports were in danger of be ing 
e xduded. Re ferees are necessary to keep the games orderly a nd 
'the results meaningful, a nd the refs must be paid beca use their 
work is ha rd a nd ofte n Ihankless. 

The Associated Students Council refused 10 subsidize the 
I)rogra m, fearing it would sel a bad precedent lor use 01 i.ts funds, 
hut AS preside nt 'Carlos Montalvo had agreed to a $h50 loa n 
frum his discretionary fund . That won 't he needed now, becau~e 
Armitage 's grant will cover refs' salaries, training, supervision 
and other costs . 

The Daily Guardian Monday, Oct. 15, 1979 

Letters to the Editor 

Food's So Scarce It's Sacred 
Editor: 

Halloween is coming up 
liOon, and I am reminded of an 
incident of which this 
university should be ashamed . 

Last Halloween we had a 
food fight in Revelle Cafeteria. 
This sUl(gests to me that we do 
not know the value of food, 
that we are not responsible 
enough to use the cafeteria 
system and that we are 
unaware of the role we play in 
international economics. 50 
we can make the first small 
steps toward rectifying this 
gross situation, I recommend 
that all food services on 
campus be suspended on 
Halloween, 

I do not believe that by' 
suspending food services on 
campus that we will a ll go 
hungry , but it will make it more 
difficult for some to eat. 
Perhaps it will sla rt a few of us 
Ihinking a hout how much the 
food that we so merrily threw 
at eat:h otlwr las l yea r is worth 
tu us . Perhaps some of us will 
loo k upon il a s a superweapon 
again s l human suffe ring ; 
perhaps we will start to realize 
how mlKh misery one meal 
can end. 

As people mature and show 
themselves more a nd more 
responsihle , they <Ire given 
more and more freedom. I 

think that last Halloween we 
demonstrated that we were not 
mature or responsible enough 
to use the cafeteria system. 

In this society we have 
confused freedom and 
irresponsibility . We are free to 
play our stereos at full blast at 
2 am; we are free to give a 
runninl( commentary at the 
movies; we are free to throw 
our bottles where ever we feel. 
These are not examples of 
freedom hut of irresponsibility. 
I think that by closing the 
cafeteria a handful of us will 
start to think about the 
freedom given UI and the 
responsibilily that goes along 
with it. Some of us may 
wonder at our own immaturi -
ty, Last year's food fighl also 
demonstrates tha t we are 
ignora)lt, a nd that thi s 
unive rsity has fa iled in its first 
ohjective : education . We , 
from Chancellor to fr eshman, 
have failed to edut:ate and 
inform each other as to where 
it is Ihat we stand with respect 
tJ) the rest of the world and its 
plight, espet:ially hunger. Not 
only have we railed to spread 
light, hut we have spread 
darkness. We will indict the 
balance of trade and the price 
of gold ; we will blame 
overpopulation and inflation; 
we will even accuse the 
nitrol(eo fixation reaction. 

But if we were to stop and 
ask ourselves how it is that we 
can drink coHee and have 

. sugar to sweeten it, that we 
can eat bananas and 
chocolate; if we were to ask 
ourselves where the two billion 
pounds 01 meat that we 
imported in 1973 came from , 
we will find that we sit at the 
end of a very long and 
wmplicated suction pump that 
steals from the poor and gives 
to the rich. 

And, heing aware of these 
injustices , we might come to 
realize that we can throw food 
awa y (lnd have food fights 
(inly after someone has been 
rohbed of the ir last meal. I 
would hope that by dosing all 
Ihe foo(1 services on t:llmpus 
we woul(1 slart Ihinking' about 
our commillme nl to educatio n 
and our past rec ord . 

I think, in an effort 10 
sensitize uurselves 10 our 
responsihilities to the world 
ami ea d, ot he r, and to 
enCOllra"e some rt· lledion on 
OIlY lives"and how we fit in tht' 
world , thai all foml .en'ices on 
campus should be suspell(lt'(1 
on Od. :H , In th .. 1 !-)I)f)s this 
CillllpUS was very much ilwar .. 
and aliv(·; now we an' 
nmllltose. It is time 10 wake 
UI)· 

MAHK DUBI:: 

The Ladies That Sit at the Front of the Bus 
By Marcia Brisbois 

They're on the bus every 
day, between 9 am and noon. 
When I get on in Cardiff , 
they' re already sitting up front 
hy the driver, reassuring each 
other with hearsay. 

Marda Brisbois is (I 
/lrudua/e s/udtm/ in I-:n/lli sh 
/.i/em/ure. 

"Well of course there 's a 
May Co. in Carlsbad, but the 
one in Mis!lion Valley is so 
much bi!(!(er ." 

"I think you get off in Del 
Mar , then take the 41 to 
Mission Valley." 

"No. You take the Del Mar 
'bull to Fallhion Valley, but you 
take another bUll to Mission 
Valier,. Ruth told me. She goe!l 
a lot. ' 

As they speak, they 
appraille each others ' 
ensembles through dark 

green-tinted glasses , the kind 
with extensions that hide e w!l 
the sides of the eves. 

I wonder why Mission 
Valley. Plaza Camino Real. 
University Towne Center, 
Bullot:ks Wilshire are all 
closer. Maybe it 's bet:ause, of 
all the local shopping centers, 
only Mission Valley 
approximates the age of thelle 
ladies . Maybe they Ihink back 
20 years ago - a tiny Spanish 
style bungalow with a 
handkerchief lawn and tall, 
trimmed palms. Kensington or 
North Park: 15 minutes from 
the May Co. tearoom, the 
purple cement dragon ' 
surrounded by sand for the 
tots. From the tearoom's wide 
window you could :lee the river 
and farmll then . 

'Ihe kids IIrew up. Sold the 
houlle and moved to a nice 
condo in North County. No 
crime rate, a Hoating bridge 

game in the clubhouse, lots of 
1-(011. 

' Ihe bus swinl(s up 15th 5t. 
and across Coast Highway. 

' Illt~ driver does not shout Del 
Mar. He grudgingly ~,'runt!l 
"number 41." It·s parked on 
the opposite corner. Everyone 
piles out. Usually we catch the 
don't walk !ligna!. ' Ihe ladiel> 
spot the bUll. 

"Does he see us 1" 
"Press the walk bulton." 
"Are you sure that's the 

right hus?" 

The leader of the trio be!o(ins 
to hop up and down, waving 
tenaciously. 

"I think he seell us, but we 
better hurry ." 

They rush acrollll Coallt 
Highway aMainst the sil(nal, 
c1utchinll their hats, purses 
resolutely pinned to hips by 
carefully trained elbow!l, 
,glarinll at passing motorists 
who alwaYIi thoughl a green 

light meant go. 
. When the walk signal 

switrhes on , the experienced 
riders (,'fOSS the street. We 
know that the bus !lits at that ' 
spot for at least 10 minutes . 

'Ihe ladies cluster around 
the driver . They-ve been 
around long enough to know 
that things are not what they 
seem . Alter 'suspiciou~ly 
reading the sign atop the bus 
- 41 Fallhion Valley via 
Genest't" - one asks, for all 
the otherll, "does this bus go to 
Fashion Valley'!" 

"Sure does, lady." 
He takes their transfers. 
"Ask him how we ~et to 

Misllion Valley from F~'!ihion 
Vnlley," one whispers loudly . 

"You take number 6." 
"I told you that. Shirley. It' ll 

like a lillie shuttle bus." 
A li~ht breaks over one of 

the lady's fncell . "Say, can WI" 
Ulle tholle tranllfen to catch the 

number 6':'" 
"Surt' can," sighs the driver , 

handing them back. . 
As ihey congralulate each 

nther for making it this far. 
they drift. toward the bat:k of 
tht' bus. The rest of us filt' on 
bOMd, lugging pat:ks, buoks, 
ea!{er to sit down. 

:'Why we're too far htll'k," 
cries the leadt"r . Zuom - they 
pirouette on t:ut" ilnd rush over, 
under, around, and thrnugh liS 
to the lleilts farthest lorward, 
marked "Handicapped 

~]derly." 
Clil·k !{rowL The engine 

starts. We pull out into traffic. 

Up in front they form a 
rou!-(h semi -l'irl'le, heads 
nlxlding \(lgt'ther, willi' cdunsel 
eXl'hanged . 

" First well go til May Co., 
Ihen l1layllt' Wulkt'r Scott or 
Lant' Bryant. Huth got a 
sWt'ater at U.11lt' IJryant , a 
Inin' you wouldn't Ilt'Iit'vt" .. .... 

Monday, Oct. 15. 1979 The Daily Guardian 3 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
I INTERN A TI ON AL.I I=====N==A:=T==I:::::::::O==N==A==L=====I I=::::;::::::::::====S=::T=:A=:T=:E======-== 
Famine Inevitable? 

BANGKOK. Thailand - Cargo planes ferried 
tons of food and other relief supplies yesterday to 
Phnom Penh for Cambodia's ' starving people, but 
organizers of the emergency international airlift 
feared a famine might not be averted. 

The Cambodian government gave the go-ahead 
for the relief eHort Saturday. and it got underway 
even though a formal agreement has been held up 
over the government's insistence that no food should 
be given to the followers of the deposed Premier Pol 

P~ . 
On the Thai·Cambodian border , meanwhile , a 

mortar attack from the Cambodian side killed five 
Cambodian refugees and injured 12 others in a camp 
on Thai territory. Thai soldiers said Vietnamese 
troops or soldiers of the Hanoi-backed governmenmt 
were believed responsible. 

The two mortar rounds fell in the Thap Prik camp, 
125 miles east of Bangkok. Afterward, Thailand 
moved reil1for~_t;.mlmts into the bo-:.der areaJ where 
34,000 sick and starving Cambodians have ned in 
the past five days. 

Protestors in Beijing 
BEIJING ' - About 250 paupers from the 

provinces staged a sit -in yesterday a t the 
headquarters of the Chinese government , dema nding 
he lp fr om acting Pre mier De ng Xiaoping a nd 
c o mplai ning about po lice brut ality . 

'Il,!.' ragged pro testt!rs spra wled in fronl o f 
Chul1~nanhcli, Ihe government o ffi t:e 011 Peking 's 
main bou le Yard, a nd said they were hungry, 
unemployed, homeless and sufferi ng Irom wrongs 
datin~ bile k lu Ihe 1966-76 Cultu ra l Revolulion , 

T\\o clo£en soldiers and poli 'e cordont!d off the 
demollslrators, keeping them away from the ga les 
and off the slreets. Sewral hundred passersby 
clusl('led o n the slreet and blocked traffi c. 

Nil incidenl . wcre r5eporled during the protest, hut 
a pmler said MJme demonslrators who had ga lhprt'd 
Ihen' 'a turday to spend Ihe nig ht broke lhrough a 
police barrier and sc.:uffl d with polit:e. Prol 'slors 
hung Ihe po,ler yesterday on nearby Demol'racy 
Wall 10 complain about their treatment by polin' , 

New Heroin Source 
WASHINGTON - Opium from Afghanistan 

and Pakistan, converted into heroin along a 
clandestine pipeline to We~lern wrope, is replacing 
the supply once shipped from Soulheast Asia's 
"Golden Trian!(le," US drug officials say. 

American authorities are concerned because a 
recent crackdown on Southeast Asian and Mexican 
sources for the US heroin trade may sharply increase 
American demand for drugs derived from Afghan 
and Pakistani opium. 

"It's like squee;:ing a balloon ," one US official 
says. "You put increased enforcement pressure in 
one place and the heroin will come out somewhere 
else," 

- He sail a current drought and t:oordinated anti-
drug action by countries in the region have reduced 
the flow of narc.:.otics from the Golden Triangle. fin 
area where Burma, Thailand and Laos meet in the 
hills of t:entral Southeast Asia . 

Florida Inconclusive 
MIAMI - With two large blocks of votes still to 

be counted, President Carter held a statewide lead 
yesterday over Sen . Edward M. Ke nnedy in Florida 's 
Democra tic Pa rty l:<I uc.: uses a nd Carter backers 
claimed victory in the first balloting of the 191:\0 
presidential ca mpaign. 

Still to be tallied were ballols for 11:\1:\ delega tes in 
populous Dade County, which includes Mia mi , a nd 
for 60 delega tes in Palm ' Beac h County. Pa rty 
o ff icia ls said a final clt! legale count Illighl 1101 be 
available lor severa l days. 

The turnoul in Dade, where it rained Ihroughoul 
Ihe day , was disappoinling and <In unofficial poll 01 
vulers found a slim pluralily saying Ihey suppurled 
tilt' C\lrll'r sla le. ' 1l1t! vo ler survey Inund 1,7'2.7 
saying Ihey backed Carler, 1,6 7'2. suppurling 
Kennedy, I)HH for Iht' la l)nr sink, and 1 ~7 
IIncolllmilled or rdllsing 10 ilnswer, 

Holh Carter ,mtl Kennedy supporlers dailllPd 
vlcl ory . While Eva ll I )"bellj ',l' hairlllan of Ilw Carler. 
Mondall' call1paign cOlllnll ll t.'e, Silld "" Wi ll is a 11'111 
is a win ," Kennedy IHl ckers calkd Ihl' rt'slllls "ont, nl 
lilt' gn' illt's l polilical up~l'Is of Ihe.: n'nh lr ~'. " 

New Transit Vote 
LOS ANGELES - Buses will keep runninl{ here 

for at least two more weeks while union mechanics 
vote again on a contrad offer they rejected last week. 

'Ihe previous vote. which saw only 39 percent of 
the membership casting ballots, had raised the threat 
that the mechanics might resume their strike this 
mornin!( against the Southern California Rapid 
Transit District. 

A 23-day strike ended Sept. 19 after lhe 
Amalgamated Transit Union local agreed to go back 
to work while negotiations resumed_ Union drivers 

. and clerks approved contracts with RTD last month, 
leavinK only the mechanics without an aKreemenl. 

'Ihe district serves about 600,000 daily riders in 
Los Angeles. Orange, Riverside and Ventura 
counties . 

The latest company offer was rejected, 296-164, 
Thursday, with only 39 per-cent of the 1,175 unioin 
members voting. A second vote, this one by mail, 
was called at the urging of the parent union. 

Fighter Pilot Lost 
SAN FRANCISCO - A search has been 

ahi.llldoned for a pilot belie ved killed when his Navy 
jet fi l-(hter plunged into the ot:ean Saturday at 
supe rso nic speed whil e pa rt ici paling in a 
demons tra tiun lor mil ila ry fa milies , the oas t Guard 
said ye.:s \tmJa V. 

'111l' pilot WilS Lt. Michael L. Mar tin of S.1I1 Diego. 
During il four· hour Sl'arl'il Sa lurday in tilt' ocean 

30 mik·s :,ou lh, es l ul 'an Francisco, military 
officials said Ihey recowred a shrt'dded I.fprafl a nd a 
piece of Ihe lai l frolll Ihe RF-H Crus<lder jet. 

" I ie was fl ying over Ihl' speed of soulld , at least 
7S0 milt,s pe.:r hOll r, aboul :W(I f ... e l a l)()Yl'lht' waler," 
said Coasl GlliITd qUdrl ... rl11a,ll'r 2nd class Frank 
I.l'slip . " I)Ul' 10 til(' nrl'lI nI Sldllt'l'S of a pl.lIlt' g()in ~ 
inlo Ilw waler Ihilt f"~I , il \\'d, f.·llihal d IlIrllll'r sl'ilrch 
W;IS lI~l .. lpss .·· 

EYE G LASS ES/ CONTACT LENSES 
Student Special 

Hele na Rubinstein 
or Pierre Cardin 

Glasses 
Regular 589.95 list 
reduced 50% to ~ 

9,95 c omplete ~ 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
$99 pair or 2 pair $139 

plus 'freo' stylish rimless uesigned sunglasses 
S3995 volue included fri!e With your contact purchase 

Proleulonal -. not inclUded. 
A P<oIesoIonaI cap. 

Car'legiecJ'-440 'PiZZli 'HaU 
STEAKS 

SANDWICHES 
PIZZA 

Dr. Alan H,·Leventhal. 0 .0 . 

HALLOWEEN CRUISE 
N''Iember 2nd. from 830 to 1030 pm, 
Wilen Co !lege presents the Halloween 
Hnrbor Cruise. There will be pnzes and 
dJncing, and coslumes a re a must l Tickets 
are on sale at the UCSD Box Off ice 
bOOlnnlng Oclober 23rd -$4 00 per person. 

TRAGEDY a. TRIUMPH 
Irogedy and lllumph. a slide leclure oboul 
Irn women who climbed Annapurno, Will 
bE' presenled Oclobor 29lh 0 1 7:30 pm In 
USB 2722 General AdmiSSion IS 52.oJ 
sludents $100 llckets ore on sale at Ihe 
U SD Box Ice beginning October 18th 

RE-ENTRY ASSISTANCE 
If you f el a lillie oul of sync from your 
classmates due to ' a break In your 
educalion, RE -~NTRY would like 10 help 
you Conlac l Mary Beck 01 x 4350 

WARREN GOVERNMENT , 
Wanl to portlcipale in Warren Collog 
Siudeni Govclnment? II s nol 100 la t 
WCSG pOSlllOnS & campUS-Wide 
appolnlmenls ore now bing Ina stOI-' 
In Warren Provosl Office & r fill oul 
oppllcallons TODAY Boold moeling 11m s 
o le now posted In 302 WC I-'rovosl's Orflce 

WINTER ACADEMIC INTERNSHIP 
Inl r sis in a W,nl r Quarter AcademiC 
Inlernshlp? Eorn c redll for working incorC€!-

---------i lolaled placements In off campus research 
I bs. law o ff ices, publlcal,ons and 
newspapers. governmenl offices. social 
SOrvlCO agorlClCs. e lc Call x4355 for more 
Informatron 

Casually 
Sophisticated 

"World's Most Unique Pizza" 
Lunch _ Dinner 

Tak eout. too! 

f l ,,,-,. !''''h I I .1 ( .. , ... , I h. ",!I, It ( '" 
\ II:,,\, 1(, Hi II. \ \\t'~1 .'111, 

OPEN 
lATE 
- Steaks 
- -paghetti 
- Pizza 
- Bountiful 

Sandwiches 
- Beer 
- Wme 

2212 Carml' l Valley Road -Del Mil r · 755·6778 



.' 

Three Miss San Diego Finalists Here 
Smile, , They're Not Just 
Looking at Your Looks 

By Jeffrey S, Lee 
l1uee UCso.women are amonl( the twelve finalists for the · 

Miu San Diego title, to be decided Nov, 3. 
Valerie Johnson, Linda Pfeiffer and Dana Waitley will 

compe" in. the Eaat County Perfonning Arts Center for the 
awarcl~ a preliminary in the Miss California and Miss America 
contests. 

At stake is over $20,000 in scholarship money, and a 
chance, the women say, to display more than just a pretty 
swimsuit. 

"It IS not called the Miss San Diego Beauty contest," says 
Pfeiffer. "It's not like you just get up there in a bathing suit and 
smile. You have to have more." 

Execu~ve Produce~ Jinx Maine agrees . "I see nothing~ wrong 
with a bathing beauty contest. If aJ(irl wants to do that .. nobody 
should interfere. But we're not like that. We provide a showcase, 
giving women a chance to show tbeir talents, and speak their 
minds. " 

Maine points out that the girl who usuaUy wins is "nct the girl 
with God-given talent, (and) oot the one whose parents have 
,more money," but the girl "who is_ best at what she's doing." 

Johnson says about the pageant: "1£ you haven't experienced 
it, haven't researched It, dlHl't make an opinion of it." She 
emphasizes the pageant looks for the overall girl with both brains 
anclloolc.A. 

c..-J ... Pltolo by lllatt Giedt 
From left, Valerie Johnson, Muir j~nior. Dana Waitley, Warren senior, and Linda Pfiefer, Revelle 
sophomore, are finalists for MiN San Diego. 

I "Walking from one end of a stage to the other (in a swimsuit) 
wxter the lights in frlHlt of hundreds of people," WaitJey says, 
"shows self-confidence and poise." Johnson adds, "if you can 
handle that, you can handle anything." . 

Recycling Center a Possibility 
Pfeifer, who concedes that .he is a relative novice at pageants, 

will play the Oute in the talent portion of thP. conlest, one of four 
equally Weighted components 111 the judging (the others are 
'Wlmsuii, l:verung I(own and mterview) 

Pfeifer says she is not sure 01 her chances 01 winning, but adds 
"a lot of the other girls have titles, and have more experience 
than I do." She also says, however ,that she entered because she 
want "to I(row mentalh:, physically and socially." 

None 01 the three UCSD women are enthUSiastic adherents to 
"women's iuues." ' 

"Women'. lib is on the downswing - 'you've come a long 
way, baby' illosing ground," Waitley says. " I think wOlTlen's lib 
is kind of at an extreme." 

Johnson believes the women's movement conflicts with 
other'l rights. 

"Some 01 women's lib infringes on mep's rights and children's 
rights, and on that level I don't think it 's right. I like very much. 
beinl( a woman. I like the little things ." 

Waitley say I that the number lHle incentive for entering the 
pageant is the scholarship money. 

lhere are tricks of t'he trade in beauty contests, noted most 
widely in the movie Smile, and Johnson, who is currently "Miss 
Southern California," says she's lried some of them. 

"I've put vaseline 00 my teeth. Lots of girls do it. Smiling all 
the time really dries the mouth out, so I've done it once or twice." 

Johnson also says the harsh competition in the clHltest 
. portrayed in Smile is accurate, thou!fh overblown. "In any group 
of people there is going Ito be back.staobing,'" she says. "The 
beauty queens are just in the public eye. " 

If you're Inter.ad In 

\ 

Coming soon to UCSD: a recycling center to 
recycle the trash on campus? Several people in 
the Food Co·op are working on creating a 
recycling center for aluminum and paper. 

"There is a lot of input on campus, and a lot 
of output...empty beer, old newspapers. This 
way the output could be utilized," says Co.op 
member Jeri Lindberg. TIle center may take 
glass at a later date, but for a group just 
beginning, "it's economically' unfeasible now," 
claims Scott Herdman, another member. 

Lindberg, Herdman, and others involved in 
the project see a "definite need" for a center of 
this.type. "There are so many natural resources 
being wasted now . This could be our 
contribution," says Lindberg. Herdman adds, 
"The only place I know of that recycles paper is 
the Computer Center." 

Although mosl of the people involved are co· 
op members, the recycling center is not just OJ 
co.op project. "To make this wQrk, we need 
student participation,~ says Herdman. "There 
was a recycling center a few years ago. but it 
was too much of a hassle . When the group's 
leaders graduated, it fell apart. This one won 't 
be like that." 

The center 's location has not yet been 
decided, but "one of the best places would be 
the parking lots," with access routes for large 

WElT 

~~i' (. , 
INTERNAnONAL RELATIONS ~l ,~ 

PUBLIC SPEAKING N ~ 
PARTIES ~.4" ..... ~ 

RlN ""7 ' '" MEmNG PEOPlE 

Then don' ml .. the Model United Nations 
OrganlzaHonal Meeting Wednesday. October 17th 

at 700 pm In USB 3070. 

trucks. Herdman IS contacting the AS and the 
San D)ego Ecology Center for help now. 

1/ the center makes money (no one in the 
group thinks it will for a lew years) "the money 
should be put back into ecological and 
environmental concerns. This is a non.profit 
thing," says Herdman. 

Interested students should contact the Food 
Co.op, located in the Student Center Ilf!ar the 
box office . . -By Risa, Lee Podolsky 

Student Rep Named 
Muir senior Cheryl Dunnett has been 

named as the undergraduate representative 
to the Chancellor's search committee. 

Dunnett, who has been active as the 
undergraduate representative to the campu~ 
Policy Review Commjttee, was elected from 
among six members of an underblJ'aduate 
committee composed of representatives 
from each college and the Student ' 
Affirmative Adion Committee and AS 
President Carlos Montalvo. 

The committee will continue to meet du 
ring the year, taking and giving advice to 
Dunnett . 

Vince Debaca of Third College was 
~ected as the committe's alternate. 

Since 1975 

" Tbe Daily Gual'dian 

At 20 She's Impressive 

Singer's Jazz Belies Youth 
By Pat Domowitz 

Staff Writer 
Mer speaking voice is just a 

little husky, very soft but not at 
a ll hard to hear. It does not 
sound quite capable of the 
intensity, the range and the 
power for which Kevyn Lettau 
has become locally famous as 
a jazz singer. 

Looking for a ll the world 
like a 16·year·old escapee from 
a 130tticelli painting, Kevy n 
sits ered on the edge of the 
couch, sewing .her new 
curtains by hand as we talk . 

Afte r living six years in 
Germany wi th her family (her 
father is a UCSD literature 
professor), she moved to 
California five years ago .. 
T hree years ago she met jaa 
guitarist Peter Sprague and 
"started singi ng." 

Before joining Sprague in 
the Dance of the Universe 
Orchestra (now defunct, but 
about to resurface), 'he says, 
" I did talent shows in high 
school and all tha t, but wha t I 
really wanted to be was a 
dancer." 

And a lthough she sti ll worb 
a t that art, he r focus has 
shifted to singing because it 
"seems to be more fulfilling for 

" me. 
And, while her recent 

d a n c ing and si nging 
performance in 'the Bimho 
Show (appearing as the Blind 
Lady and Juju, the Carribean 
voodoo goddess) showed thal 
she has a fine gift for dancing , 
her singing is something truly 
impressive . 

Kevyn, aged 20 , is known 
among San Diego jazz fans as 
a superb voice instrument, a 
singer with incredible technical 
control and emotional fire 
astonishing in so young an 
artisl. 

At the same time, she notes , 
" I'm not going to become 
famous doing old standards ." 

So she takes risks - a 
fad or she says marks the 
singing of a ll the artists who 
have influenced her work , 
artists who include AI Jarrea u, 
Sarah Vaughan, Ella 
Fitzgerald and Betty Carter. 

"They are creative with 
their voices and ta ke risks . 
They go out of the context of 

the song to do somethin g th y 
hear . 

"Listen to thi s, " she says. 
putting a Jarreau a lbum on the 
turntable. After a particularly 
compli cated vocal run, she 
turns and says, "That 's the 
voice of God singing through 
him, and that 's what he hears , 
so that 's wha t he has to do ," 

The Daily Guardian 

IArtsi 
The vocal had combined 

some unusua l rhythms without 
instrumental backing. 

"That 's one kind of risk. 
Another that I take a lot is like 
this," she says, putting on a 
Sarah Vaughan a lbum. " I 
listen to the chords and try to 
make musi ·. That's scat." 

Vaughan 's own sp cial scat 
- leaping from note to note, 
running up and down the scale 
as though it were a playground 
- fades on the ·tereo. It's a 
kind of scat that 's easy to hear 
in Kevyn's si nging, both with 
Dance of the Universe and in 
solo performances. 

"You have to wafch out, 
though," she says. "First you 
learn how to do a ll these 
fabulous things - chords, scat 
and all that - and then in pops 
the ego. And then you say to 
yourself, ' listen to how good I 
am' and you start leeling like 
you have to fill all th is space. 

" Right now I'm trying to let 
go of my ego and learn to just 
let the song sing itself,'" she 
says. 

" True art happens when 
you learn where to leave the 
space ." 

San Diego jazz figure 
Lamont Johnson has signed 
Kevyn to a recordi ng contract, 
and the initial work toward a 
first album has begun. 

The contract has involved 
he r in figuring what t';lnes will 
go on the album, writing new 
songs ior recording and 
similm work. But Kevy n says 
it is more essential ri ght nuw 
for her to find a focus for her 
work. 

"It's not finding a type of 
mUSIC , but specifying within 

that type," she says. "Of 
course it wi ll he jazz, it will be 
more acollstic than eledric, 
but there are other ideas sti ll to 
work oul." 

"A lot of ~inge~,s sing the 
song and that s It , she says. 

"For me, personally, there 's 
more than singing the melody. 
I have mor to say, mure 
emotion, more music. Tha t's 
why I scat, why I like to try to 
turn my voice intu an 
instrumenl. " 

San Diego listeners will get 
to hear more and more of that 
versatile instrument in the 
coming months. aturday, 
Ocl. 20, Kevyn Lettau will do 
a solo concert at the tratford 
' tudio/Th atre, 1355 
tratford CI. in Del Mar, 

backed up by two former 
Dance of the Universe 
members - prague and 
hassest John Leftwich - and 

. conga player Tommy Aros. 
With ano ther band en tirely 

she ' ll b e p I ,I yi n ga t 
Please turn to palle 8 J . K Le C."ull/'Uff '"I"d" I" A" II I\nut It azz smger evyn !tau 

'Rhinoceros' in America 
By William Gibson 
Senior Staff Writer 

"Sc ientists have proven 
conclusively that what you are 
about to see could never 
ha ppen. " 

So reads the disclaimer 
which opens the National Film 
Theater's 1972 adaptation of 
Eugene lonesco's Rhinoceros, 
starring Zero Mostel a nd Gene 
Wilder. It is Mostel's brilliant 
acting. not Hollywood 
gimmickry, which broug-ht the 
impossible to life on KPBS 
Oct. 4 and Oct. 6 . 

Rhinoceros in one of French 
playwright lonesco's most 
controversial and comprehen. 
sible pieces. Many admirers of 
his earlier, more macabre 
work scorned it for its 
"simplicity and mass appeal." 
Uhino('ews recounts the story 
of Stanley (Wilder) a romantic 
fellow not unlike lonesco 
himself , whose friends turn 
literally into rhinoceroses, one 
by one. In the end only ta nley 
IS left unchanged , screaming 

uncertainly a t the hello wing 
herd, "man is superior to the 
rhinoceros!," a nd proclaiming 
as he lurches drunkenly on the 
roof of his apartment building 
tha t he "will never give in." 

While lon esco ca lled 
Uflinucews a "demystifying 
fable ," the play is a ddinitive 
a llegory of mob behavior. 

' !lJough probably inspired 
by the horror of Nazi 
Germany , the play was 
brilliantly adapted to suit 
American life by the AF.T. 
lonecso's absurd dialogues 
were toned down for the 
screenplay, and the excellent 
cast did the rest. Zero Mostel 
plays Stanley's overbearing 
friend, John, who is one of the 
last to change. His foppish 
demeanor and hilarious 
metamorphosis won him a 
Tony award for the BroadwilY 
performance, and deservedly 
so: the sounds he emits make 
nw f.x(lrci .~t's Regan sound 
like Olivia Newton·John , and 
cil n'i ne to . pea · brain ed 
irrita ted co nine 

quadrup d, as he casually 
llIunches his house plants 
Wilder's poker.faced delivery 
belies the whimsy in his eyes, 
and who else could say 
straight.faced as his best friend 
becomes a mindless bellst, 
"Gee, tha t's heartbreaking"? 
The stiffe t dose of Americana ' 
is administered by Daisy, 
(Karen Hlack), who flutters 
her eyelashes and intones 
"people must do as they 
please" all the herd goes racing 
I>y the window. The rest of the 
cast is no less superb, and a 
true shock of recognition 
comes as you realiz'e that Ihese 
are the sort of characters we 
laughed with, the Average 
Americans in TV sitcoms like 
Dieh Van Dyhe and Foth~r 
Knuws Hl!s t. 

Horror , hilarity and the 
diredion of Tom O'Horgan 
kee p this wordy film 
inlt!resting. Galt McDermott 
(who co llabor a t ed with 
O'ilorgan on Broadway's 
fI"ir ) t'omposed the Illusit' in 

Please tum to fXJlle ~ 

UNDERGRADUATES: 
CHANGES FOR 
197, 198 or199 STUDY-
Starting with ' the winter enrollment penod, 
any students who wish to undertake special 
study by means of a course numbered 
197. 198 or 199 must: 

1. Obtain the special study form at the 
department. ' 

2. Follow the Instructions on the back, 
of the form. 

3. Secure the Pravosfs stamp on the preferred 
program card. 

4. Enroll In the course during the eighth 'Ngek of 
thll quarter for winter enrollment. 

Students must have accumulated 84 units. be 
in good academic standing (2.0 or higher) and 
have the prerequIsite knowledge to undertake 
such study. 
Students must meet the enrollment deadline 
by the eighth week In order to have special . 
study approved for the winter quarter. Plan ahead 
to meet all of the above deadlines and avoid 
undue delay. a late fee or possible disapproval of 
the special study. 



... • Oct. 1979 'I Monday. Oct. 15. 1979 \ " •• '" 7 

Services/ 
MONDAY What's On: 10/15-1 
Monda, Ihru Frida}" 8:30 ·4:30. OASIS Wriq Center offer. free __ ..:.' ___ ~, _________ ---'-: ___ ---' _____ --., __ ------
aervic.e for .. UCSD liudentl who need pre.writing help, confer~ 
011 drafts and editina advice. We ... ate any kind of writing and any Workshop s Entertal· Icind 01 writint problem. CaD 452·2284 after 8: 15 am to achedule an 

FRIDAY 

12 no~n .. Biochemist~y Seminar: 'Unwuplers Promote 
DeRepreSSion of the Hexose fransport System in Mammalian Cel l 
Culture·.·. Speaker, Or. Herman Kak kar, Oepl. of Chemistry. Hoston 
University, Boston . Mass. Loca ted in the Basic Science Bldg. 2 F)O. 

Religious 
~bnent or m-op in 4070 USB between 8:30 and 4:00. 
ConfereIa.. arc.'" available Thunday. and Sunday., 6-8 pm, WEDNESDAY WEEK OF THE 7TH . .:IU I1(h~~, nights, opening at 

8:30 pm. Why Not night serving V.G.'s 

MONDAY 
8:t)O pm .. Introduction to the Christian Faith: " Revelation and 
Scriptu~e .. the New Testament", presented hy Bernie Campbell 
(Catholtc) a nd John Huber (Lutheran). Located a t the Univeristy 
Lutheran Churc~, on the western edge of the UCSD campus, 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Drive. All are welcome. 

4010 USB. 9:00 . '4:00 . On·Campus Interviews with EXXON . Sign up at 
9:00 .4:00- On-Campua Int.erview with Semiconductor. Sip up Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. doughnuts. Tuesday. oaCK~:arqj.rl1anle l Night. Wednesday Audition Night for live tion . Revelle South in Career PIanninc, SIudeftt C .... , aw,. B. 9:00 . 4:00 __ On.Campus Interview with USC Consortium 
10:00 am • 3:00 ~(Mcnda.1.. Ihru Frida~ery hour on the (School of Busineu). Sign up in Career Planning. Student Center, 

hour) OASIS TARGET STUDY SKIllS . coverin(Mid Bldg. B. 
Term ""f1Yf17 hour on ,the hour from 10 am·3 pm in 4010 USB. 9:00.4:00 .. On.Campus InterviewwithXEROX·Sales Division. TUESDAY 

THURSDAY 
8:00 pm .. Lily Greenhall1, .er/vlocallsl, 

poetry and electronic music at ladivicIu.I" inIIrudion ava.bIe. Call 452·2284 or come by 4010 Sign up in Career Planr:aing. Student Center. Bldg. B. 
USB ....... infonnaIion. s."'- .... fr.. 10:00 . 11:30 am __ Do you need ·help in preparing for job 8:00 and 10:00 pm . Movi: 

Doctor Frankenstein" S"'OlA ..... nr •. 

12 .noon .. Portraits of Faith: "Israel Bal·Shem·Tov", presented by 
Rilbbl Jay Miller. Revelle Formal Lounge. SW of the Revelle 

Film Series) "Young cafeteria. All are welcome. 
at the USB 2622. 3:00 • 4:00 - PRE-INTERVIEW MEETINGS.IMide interviews? Some tips on the best ways to present your qualifications 

........... and Iipe on HwnanIities and Social Sc:ienc. recruilien; and what kind ' of interview questions to expect. Attend the Job 

.... .., 1M ........... and Social Sciences Career AcM.r. 3:00 4:00 Interviewing Workshop, in Student Center. Bldg. B .• Career Planning 
~ ~ of ~ MUon .t Car .. PIanninI and and Placement. No sign.ups necessary. 

Admission· $1.50 
FRIDAY 

nrw..tIllWl_.1Il11, Sr. ..... c..r, DIdI. B. . THURSDAY 
3:00 -4:30 J.IIII ( ...... weekly) • Eatint Problems Group - Do 

4:00 pm .. UCSD New I-'m'h·.l:'eaturing Robt Mezey at the 
Revelle Informal Lounge, no 

,au ...... and Ihen fast or purp ,.,....., of the foo4't Do you 
...... '_ ..... tint or reduce yeu- intake to the point wlae either 
JOU Or oeI.i ................ your health? U 10, Ihia I'OUP i. for 
JOU. c.II fecilitalgr Miriam Levens at Ext. 3755 for details of the 
..... W .... CaIeae Provost'. Office. 

4:00 • 5:15 pm (beaina 10/15 and MIIIhru 11/12). Assertion 
T ....... Group foimen and women wxIer ..... uate and Il'aduate 
........... to be more confident and comfortable in meeting 
oIhIn, iniIiaIint c:onv ... tions and ~teracting with others in a mof!e 
1eW __ w.y~ Revelle CounaeJor. Office. Call Yolanda at Ext. 
3490 or "Becca at Ext. 3755 to .... up. 
'J'UDDAY 

9:00 • 10:00 ·GRADUATFlPROFESSIONAL SCHOOL 
ADVISING SESSIONS. InI"onnaI adviaing meeting •. Bldg. B, 
Student Cent.. 

9:00 ·4:00 pm - On-Campua Interview with EXXON. Sian up in 
c.r... PIannint. Student Center, BIcIt. B. 

9:00 • 4:00 -On-Campua Iliia view with NCR - Rancho 
Bemardo DiviIion. Sip up in Career PIannint, Student Center, BIda. 
B. 

10:00 • 11:00 am .. RESUME CRITIQUE and job aearch advi'" 
___ for HwnaniIies and Soa.I Science ma;on. Review, 
brllinllonn .... develop your penouI job llratepa. Bldg. B., 
SIudant Cent.. 

Revell " WaJ1'Wl: 11:00 . 3:OO..p,m and SIO 11:00 . 4:00 pm. 
UCSD Semi·Amu.I BLOOD DRIVE. The Maxi Unit of the 
Bloodmobile will be at Revelle on October 17th in lower Blake HaD 
Student Center, and in Conference Room 111 A of the Administrative 
Con,pIex on Warren Cam.,ua on October 16th. The Mini 
IIoodmobiIe wi) be at the SIO Service Vard on October 19th. 
Pwpoae of the drive i. to replenish UCSD Blood Reserve Fund. 

1:00 • 2:00 pm • Career Pathfinder. Adviains Ses.ion.. IrJormal 
advi'" meeting. for Hwnanties and Social Science Studentl' to 
explore occ~tional pollibilities. Bldg. B., Student Center. Career 
PIanninaI and Placement. . 

3:30 ·4:15 pm (Be,ins 10/16 and run. for 5 consecutive weeks) 
Goal Setting and Overcoming Procrastination Group. Thi. 1jJ'0lIP i. 
aimed at helping .tudents develop procedures for eHective goal setting 
and attainment. The srOllP will focUi on specific, practical way. of 
overcoming inertia and procrastination which hinder the achievement 
of previously set goals. The workshop will be held in the Revelle 
Counselor'. Office, Revelle Campus, }fugh Pates, facilitator. CaD 
Yolanda at Ext. 3490 to sign up. 

7:00 • 10:00 pm -- Mathphobia Workahop for .tudents who 
want to conquer their fear of mathematica. Call OASIS Ext. 2280 to 
reserve at apace. Location . 3010 USB. 

7:30 pm -- Come to a free four week course in meditation and 
inner exploration and change your life! Thi. week Dr. Frederick Lenz, 
author of Lifetime.: True Accounts of Reincarnation, will conduct a 
meditation and mantra workshopo on The Use and Abuse of Mantra. 
Sponsored by the San Diego Meditation Oub. HL RM 1205. 

8:00 . II:OQ pm -- (eve~ week) • M.O.M. (Meddle of Muir) 
invites you to a V.G. night every Tuesday. Price of donutl are given at 
M.O.M. 

9:00 . 10:00 am·· Weight Management Group .. To help students Halloween Dance and 8:00 pm to 12 midnight at 
find ways to modify eating habits and develop supporf systems to 3927 Utah Street in North the music of King Biscuit 
achieve and maintain weight reduction. The goal of this group is to Blues Band. Door prizes. No h.VlIXled drinks. Beer . Wine 
develop new habits and methods that can lasta lifetime. Diane Evans. available. Food is included in i is a fund raiser to stop 
facilitator. Call Decca at Ext. 3755 to sign up. Meets weekly at 412 San Onofre. Tickets are now per person . For on and 
Warren Campus. off campus ticket information , David Piper, your clean 

O C I . . h U . ed CaI'f 13 ok energy contact for UCSD at before 10:00 I pm, or 9:00 . 4:00 pm.. n· ampus ntervlew Wit rut I. a 'C E A N (C 't k 
Operations. Sign·ups in Career Planning, Student Center. Bldg . 8. . . t·' . 'Y ommtubenl Y21 Networ ) at 236·1684 

any lme . ou mus or costume of you have one, 
9:00 . 4:30 pm .. On.Campus Interview with General Dynamics and bring' a friend . 

Electronics Division. Sign up in Career Planning, Student Center, -

Bldg. 8. Lectures 12:00 · 1:00 pm · CAREER PATHFINDERS Advising Sessions. 
Informal adivisng meetings for Humanities and Social Sciences 
Students' to explore occupational possibilities. Bldg. 13, Student MONDAY 
Center. 4 :00 pm .. Professor t(PI,n.lnm Alexander Hohlfield , 

RADUATE/PROFESSIONAL Sch I Professor of German and "D"""'~, University of 
2:00 . 3:00 pm . G . 00 Wisconsin , Madison, will and Socrates: 

Advising Sessions. Informal advising meetings. Bldg. B., Student Nietzsche and the Concept Theatre". Revelle 
Center. Career Planning and Placement. Formal Lounge. 

3:00 . 4:00 . RESUME CRITIQUE and job search advising 
sessions for Humanities and Social Sciences majors. Review, TUESDAY 
brainstorm and develop your personal job strategies. Bldg. B., 12:00·1 :00 pm .. Education Session: 
Student Center. Informal discussion. All must a.cei',e birth control services 

W Sc nd En · . and men are encouraged to at appointment necessary. 3:00 . 4:30 pm .. Graduate omen in ience a glneenng located in the conference roo Student Health Center. 
Group. This ongoing group for graduate women in science and 
engineering will meet weekly to exptore issues and awareness of these 4:00 pm .. . "Molecular Beam 
fields as they relate to our lives. Miriam Levens, facilitator. Meets at Scattering as a namics". Speaker. Dr. 
412 Warren Campus. Call Becca at Ext. 3755 to sign up. Daniel Auerbach,lBM ,San Jose, CA. Located 

at Bonner Hall, 2015. 4 :00 . 5:30 pm .. Older Women's Group .. This is an ongoing 
support group for undergraduate and graduate women students who WEDNESDAY 
are 24 or over . The group will meet weekly to share and explore 12:00. 1:00 pm .. VE Education Session: 
common issues and concerns and develop our awareness of ourselves Inforaml discussion. All must a_ (;ellle birth control services 
as women and as persons. Contact Judy at Ext. 3755 to sign up. and men are encouraged to appointment necessary. 
Meets at 412 Warren Campus. Located in the conference Student Health Center. 

FRIDAY 12;00, 2:00. & 4:00 prn showing film "Bollie 
9:00 . 4 :00 pm .. On.Campus Interview with Internal Revenue and Babies". Discussion on the afterward, at Revelle 

sign up in Rec Gym Office by noon Friday (or get info at UCSD Bike Formal Lounge. 
Shop). Muir Field. 4:00 pm .. Chemistry 

9 :00 am .. Men's Volleyball Coubles Tourney . (Sign up in Rec Rections with Transit 
Gym Office by noon Friday). Main Gym. Applications. " Speaker: Dr , 

9:30 am . 12: 15 pm .. Children's Dance Festival. Session I University of North Carolina. 
Lecture Hall. 104. Creative Modern Dance Workshop for Tiny Tots, 3·5 yrs. 

(9:3010:30). Session II . Children's Disco Dan~e Workshop, 7·13 THURSDAY 

Induced Electron Transfer 
xes. Scope and 

Dept. of Chemistry, 
At the Third College 

yrs. 10:45·12: 15. $2.00 per person per workshop, payble in advance 4:45 pm .. Women's .... a'uCIJ'. Colloquium I, "Molecular 
at the Campus Rec. Office. Open to the general community. West Approach to the Study of A Major Viral Cause of 
Balcony, Main gym, UCSD. Birth Defects ana Potential Dr. Deborah H. Spector 

1:00 . 4:00 p~ .. Special Karate Workshop presented by the and "Wome~ who Succeed I Jobs in·the Blue Collar 
Karate Club of UCSD, in the Main Gym, UCSD . Instructor: Steve Work Force, by Dr. mary Muir Biology Bldg .• Rm 
UbI. Advance registration and more info at the Campus Rec Office. 1103. 
$3.00 per person. Open to the general public. 

7 :00 pm .. Women's Volleyball vs. Biola College, UCSD Main 
Gym. 

SUNDAY 
7:00 am .. Surfing vs. Saddleback College. Black 's Beach. 

7:00 pm .. General 
Abroad Program for 197 
gradstudent with a 3.0 GP A 
and to speak to returnees 
International Centet Loun!{e . 

NEED CREDIT? SEND FOR THE CREDIT GAME 
• Too young' to borrow? 
• New in town/no r.fwr.nces? 
• Er .. bid debt recordl 
• Skip billl wilhout ruining Cl'ldit 
• R_i", lOIns within -":1 of be9inning th il progrMTl 
• Informltion on upctlttd emit IIWIInd I",islltion 
• Your r~u under the Ftd*rll Credit Acu 

SOLVE ALL 
THESE 

CREDIT 
PROBLEMS 

wi1h 
THE CREDIT GAME 

"Tired of being without credit, or up to your neck In 
'minimum payments'? With this book' You wllIl .. m how 
to make the $300 billion credit industry jump at your 
·commend." 
r----------ONLY-.~I-----------I IN.Y. micltnlllIIcI ....... T.1 
I Enclosed is S for Book. I NWM ________________________________ ___ 
I Addresl _-..:. _______________ _ 

::.va::., -: WALL STIEEI' PUBUSHING CO. 3036TH AVE. SUITE ,. NEW YORK, NY 10011 I City Stili Zip ---I Atlow 3 WIIk. for .. i¥ri. 

7:30 pm .. Trident Cbristian Fellowship. Intervaristy Chapter 
meeting on missions. at the Informal Lounge. Revelle. • 

THURSDAY 
4:00 pm .. Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All 

students, faculty and staff are invited to attend. Game Room 
Conference Room. Student Center. 

5:30 pm .. Dinner for all students, sponsored uy Lutheran, Catholic 
and Episcopal ministries at UCSD. At the Univeristy Lutheran 
Church, across No. Torrey Pines Road at 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive. All are welcome . 

SUNDAY 
10:00 am .. Lutheran service of Holy Communion with Chior. 

Pastor John Huber preaches on Galatians. Refreshments ar.d Bible 
Study follow II :0t)· 12 :f)1) noon . University Lutheran Church. just 
west of Revelle College at 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive . 

EVERY SUNDAY 
12:00 noon .. Episcop~1 Eucharists. University Luthera n Church, 
~S~!'i l..a .I nil " Shores Drive. 

Meetings 
MONDAY 
3:00 . 5:00 . Health Science Coalition Meeting . Presentation of 

Clubs and Organization of interest of Biological Science Students. ' 
North Conference Room. 

TUESDAY 
6:00 pm (every week) · Warren College commuter board meeting, 

Warren College 405A. ' 
WEDNESDAY 
3:00 pm . General meeting for EMSSA (Econ & Mgmt Sci 

Students Assoc.) We will be discussing program assignments. If you 
signed up on Oct. 5,1979, now's your chance to get involved and be 
in charge for the year's activites. HL 145 (basement). 

J:30 . 4:30pm. Journal Club meeting . New group to ~eet on a 
weekly or a biweekly basis to discuss articles or publication of interest 
to I>iological science students. Location · BSB 5013. 

4:00 pm . There will be an URSSO (Urban and Rural Studies 
Student Organization) meeting Wed . There will be elections of 
nominated officers and activities planning. Everyone is welcome to 
attend. URS Dept. Conference Room, M.e. 

4:30pm.Asian .American Student Alliance meeting (AASA 
meetinl{). Center for the People at Third . 

7:00 pm . (every week) . The Muir Residence Hall Council would 
like you to drop in and say hello. Bring your ideas. Location· Muir 
Fish Bowl. 

7 :00 pm . Model United Nations, XXX Session! 1979.80 
Organizational Meeting. If y ou like the idea of representing 
Venezuela at a UN Simulation, please come! USB 3070. 

8:30 pm . UCSD German House and Club ·Meeting. Guest: Dr. 
Martin Luedke. visiting professor from Germany . Beagle 
Apl./Revelle. 

THURSDAY 
4:00 • 5:00 pm • The Muir College Council will be meeting 

regularly each week. Stop by and visit. Muir Fish Bowl. 

7 :00 pm . Surf Club and Team meeting. Mandatory for team 
members. Surfing .wap meet for those who want to buy. sell or 
trade anything relating to .urfing. Open to everyone! USB 3070, 
free. 
Friday 

1:00 ·3:00 pm . Health Science. Career Forum. 
"Administrative Careers in Community Clinic .... with guest 
speaker Margo Rogers of the Beach Area Clinic. at the North 
Conference Room. 

Sports/ Recreation 
MONDAY 
4:00 • 5:00 pm. Korean Karate Club meets in the Ncrih 

Bakony, Main Gym. Welcome. new members. 
4:00 • 6:00 .Gymnastics club meets in the South Balcony, 

Main Gym. Open Gymna.tics. Club meets daily. 
4:00·6:00 pm· Table Tenni. Club meets today. Pleaaejoin 

u. for open play. Start. at 4:00· meeting to form club at 5:00. 
Rec. Conference Room. 

5:00·6:00 .Yoga Club Meeting, adaptive room, Main Gym. 
Dues. 

6:00·Snow Ski Club. Mike Hibbard from Sports America 
Tour. will talk about the A11·Cal Trip to Aspen, Snowma ... AIIO 
will show two film. on Aspen. Refreshments. Come to the Rec. 
Conf. Room. Rec Offices. No admission. 

6:30 . Jazz Dance· Club. Jazz Dance Perfonnanc:e Clas .. Ncrih 
Balcony, Main Gym. . 

6:30 • 8:00 pm ·Aikido Club Practice session, Wrestlint 
Room, Main Gym. 

8:00 pm . Israeli Folk Dance Club meeh for 
dapcing ... Everyone wekome! Rec Conference Room, Rec Gym 
TUESDAY 

4:30 • 6:00 pm . Ultimate Fri.bee Club practices on Revelle 
Field. 

5:00 pm· Judo Club meets today in the Wrestling Room. 
6:30 pm .Outing Club meeting in the Rec Conf Rm. 

Welcome. new Members. 
7:00 pm • Tuesday's Potpourri host. a Cooking Workahop 

featuring casserole dishes. 7:00 . 10:00. Thi. is a weekly 
workshop series for the UCSD community co-aponlOreci by 
Warren College and Campus Recreation. 50~ per perlOn. Come 
by the Campus Rec Office for more info on location or if you 
would like more info on future workshop •. 

WEDNESDAY 
4:00 pm· Lacrosse Club practice today, 4·6 pm Monday. 

Wednesday, Friday. Meets in front ·of the Campus Rec Office. 
5:00 . 7:00 pm . Yoga Club meets today in the Adaptive Room. 

Main Gym. Due. 
6:00 . 9:00 pm· Ballroom/Disco dance club presents instruction in 

Ballroom Dance on Wednesdays, beginning at 6:00 . 7:30. 
Intermediate. 7:30 .9:00, in the Rec Conf ~m, Rec Gym. Requires 
club dues of $10. 

6:00 . 9 :00 . Jazz Dance Club sponsors instruction in beginning 
jazz dance at 6:00 .7;30 and intermediate jazz dance at 7:30 ·9:00 
each Wednesda y. Requires club dues of $10. West Balcony, Main 
Gym. 

6:30 . 8:00 pm.Aikido Club meets tonight in the wrestling room, 
Main Gym. 

7:00 pm . Sailing Club Meeting. Join us tonight and find out new 
plans for this year! 

8:00 pm · SPORTS OFFICIA TI NG: "A VEHICLE FOR $$$ and 
Self Confidence." Any students interested in sports or officiating are 
welcome. Guest: Bob Moss. Also, a sports officiating club is now 
forming. Info at meeting. HSS 2333. 

THURSDAY 
4:00 pm • Racquetball Meeting in the Rec Conf Room. Join us 

and find out plans for this year .. tournaments, ladders. club 
night play will start tonight, 9:00 . II :00 pm, at Black Mountain . 
$2.00 per person . Meet at the mailbox in front of Urey Ha ll a t 8 :30 
pm for carpooling. 

4:30·6:00 pm.Ultimate Frisbee Club has practice today, Revell~ 
Field . 

5:00 pm . Judo Club meets today in the Wrestling Room, Main 
Gym. Please turn to page 12 

Open lOam to 10 pm everyday! 

buy, sell and trade new' and used books 
half price paperbacks! 

D.G.WILLS 
BOOKS 

La Jolla's only 
indoor / outdoor bookstore I coffeehouse 

7527 La Jolla Blvd. 
456· 1800 



• ~b. D~ly Guardian I , .. ,Monday, Oct. 15, 1979 

Analysis Compares Types 

Male Sex Symbols Viewed on Screen 
By Beth Accomando 
Senior Staff Writer 

The label "sex-symbol" 
usually conjures up such 
images as Marily n Monroe 
with her white skirt being 
blown about or a negligee clad 
Rita Hayworth seductively 
perched on a bed . However, 
the notion that only women 
can be labelled as sex symbols 
is disputed in Mic hael 
Malone's new Heroes of Eros: 
Male Sexuality in the Movie5 
(a Dutton Paperback; $9.95). 
, Covering films from the 
silents to the present and a 

'wide cross section of actors, 
Malone's book presents a 
lavi s hly illustrated, well-
written a nd often perceptive 
study of male sex roles. 

Errol flynn, leer'! here in The Adventure. 01 Robin Hood, i. one 
of the aelora dilCuaaed in Michael Malone', new book, Heroes 01 
£,,0.: Male Se"""'ily in lite Moo;" •. 

Malone focuses on male 
sexuality in movies but he a lso 
comme nts on film history and 
the interrelationship between 
Hollywood a nd American 
culture. The book is actually a 
line companion piece to Mollv 

Around rown 
1 he New Poetry Series will kick 011 its Fall 

quarter aerie. of readings with poet Robert 
Mezey reading from his works. Mezey is the 
author of several books of verse, including 
The Lovemaker (which won the Lamont 
award in 1960), White, Blossoms, Favors, A 

I Boolr of Dyinll, and has been an editor of 
leveral poetry anthologies, including Poems 
from the Hebrew, Naked Poetry, and More 
Naked Poetry among other.. Mezey is 
currently a visiting professor at Pomona 
CoIleKe, and has taught at the University of 
Buffalo, Frelno State, and University of 
Utah. The reading will be Friday, Oct. 19, in 
the Revelle Informal Lounge, and is free and 
open to the public. Sponsored b~ The Archive 
for New Poetry and University Events. Phone 
452-2533 for more information. 

Composer and instrumentalist Anthony 
Braxton will perform in a rare San Diego 
appearance Wednesday, October 24 in the 
Mandeville Auditorium, at 8 pm. Tickets are 
$4.50 for general admission, $2.50 for 
seniors, and $1 .50 for students: 

Writer/ composer/ painter/performer Uly 
Greenhorn demonstrates her particular 
approach to speech-asmusical-expression in a 
performance of her own works and those of 
other poets, Thursday, Oct. 18, at8 pm in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

The unfailinglybrilliant Art Ensemhle -of 
Chicago will be at the Backdoor, in the Aztec 
Center at SDSU, Oct. 22, with shows at 8 and 
10:30 pm. The ensemble, featuring Lester 
Bowi!! (trumpet) Mailachi Favors (bass) 
Joseph Jarman and Don Moye (drums). has 
ben praised from jazz circles all over the. world 
as one of the most imaginative and 
consistently exciting "fr~" jazz units around . 
Musician Magazine has said of them: "The 
Art Ensemble is the most influential, 
innovative and profound band of the 
Seventies. If you don't see them at least once, 
you'll have a hard time explaining yourself to 
your grand children. Admission is $4 for 
SDSU students, and $5 general admission, 
and tickets are available at the Aztec box 
office , Bill Gambles, and Select-a-Seats . 

THE HARTFORD 

CSE 
ONE STOP SHOPPING WITH OVER 

25 MAJOR COMPANIES 
INSURANCE 

AUTO -INSURANCE 

• IS 

STUDENTS 
Married or Single, Ages 18 and Over. 

Driver Training Credit. 
Credit for Prior Insurance on Parents' Policies. 

Terms Available, 

2423 CAMINO DEL RIO SOUTH, S.D, 
sUITE 112 1-8 AT TEXAS MREET 

CALL .ANYTIME 

I 293-37631 

Hask e ll's exce ll ent and 
ex tensive study, From 
Reverence to Rape: The 
Treatment to Women in the 
Movies. Each a uthor 
approaches films from a 
different angle and together 
these books form an 
outstanding survey on the 
roles men and women play in 
the movies and the effects 
these movies have on society . 

Malone smoothly describes 
the different ca tegories of 
characters that actors have 
had to play over the years. His 
section on men as sex symbols 
is particularly well done . In 
Malone's opinion, Rudo lph 
Valentino and Elvis Presley 
were the only actors to exist 
primarily as sex symbols a nd 

se~ objects, and because of 
this they met with male 
hostility and female passions . 
Malone calls these men "the 
two grand passions of 
American women. " Other 
actors have been sexually 
attractive but they did not exis t 
solely within a "sexual sphere" 
a nd th ey did not stir the same 
fr enzy as Va le ntino and 
Presley. 

Malone a lso ex pe rtly 
studies the rebel heroes such 
as Mont~omery Clift and 

Jazz Singer 
Continued from page 5 
Oceanside's Miramar 
Restaurant (Hill Street) every 
Friday and Saturday nights. 

"Most San Diego jazz 
players move around a lot, 
there aren't any real groU(lS, 
just individuals who gather 
around certain people. We 
hope to be different. " 

Even without the new 
spiritual cohesion, any group 
which includes Sprague's 
virtuoso guitar palyin!{ and 
Lettau's virtuoso vocal 
instrument will have to be 
unique. 

HATE 
MATH? 

\: 

James Dean whose abundant 
sex appeal helped them rise to 
stardom but never made them 
sex symbols . These actors, as 
Malone puts it, "satisfy more 
than the eye; they satisfy the 
psyche." 

In trying to cover a lot of 
ground, Malone ' s book 
sometimes lacks dt!pth. He 
on ly skims oVt!r the careers of 
suth major stars as Errol 
Flynn and AI Pacino. For 
other adors, he makes general 
references to their films a nd 
i!{nores their off screen live ' 
which are an importan t part of 
a star 's persona . These 
generalities and broad 
summations will probably lose 
any reader who is not already 
familiar with film history _ 

Malone, however , is oft en 
perceptive in his eva luations 
and he enlivens his book with 
some humorous descriptions .' 
In discussing Charlton 
Heston, Malone remarks that 
Heston "has exact ly the right 
style for the historical 
panorama he inhabits. He 
stands still." Malone notes tha t 
in a poll o f female critics 
Spenter Tracy ' s film 
characters ranked as the most 
liberated male sex roles in 

Please /urn to page 11 

'Rhinoceros' 
Continued from page 5 
a n uptempo, dett!Ctive-show 
idiom whith is both asinine 
and perfectly suited to this 
production. 

Rhin()cl!YOs was the first of 
the American Film Theater 
series to be aired on KPHS. 
Upcomin!{ films will include 
adaptations of works hv 
Anton Chekhov, Bertold 
Brecht and Eugene O'Neill, 
featuring actors like Topol, 
Glenda Jackson and Lee 
Marvin . The shows will air 
Thursday and Saturday 
eveninl.{s at 9:00. 

Want to do IOt'MIhlng about It? 
OASIS Is conducting a series of 
Malhophobia Workshops 
Tuesdays: . , 
October 16- Ovwcomlng Math AnxIety. 
October 23-e>v.rcomIng Math AnxIety II. 
October 3O-Masterlng the Metric System. 
NCMlmber 6-Conquetlng calcul .... 
November 13-k!cceedlng In Stattstlcs. 

When? 7·10 pm. Where? 3010 US •. 
All UCSD students and staff are welcome. but 
enrollment is limited. Call now to reserve a 
space (452-2280). 
Instructor: Ms. Marilyn Simon. 

MST in Mathematics & Education. 
Mathematics Instructor SDSU. ~ira 
Costa & UCSD Extension. 

Sign up for one ~ssion or the whole series. 

5',1979 

.Jennifer Kearns (center) goes up for a block against Westmont 
I.:riday. The Trojans won. 

Water Polo Team 
Outfoxed by UCSB 

By Jon Goetz 
Sports Editor 

The water polo team gave 
up a lead they had held the 
entire contest in the final 
minutes to lose to UC Santa 
Barbara 's JV team Friday 
night, 10:9. 

UCSD started the game like 
coac h Russ Haflerkamp 
hoped they would. UCSB 
drives got cl!t off before they 
could become sco~ing threats, 
and their shots were coming 
from far outside. Meanwhile, 
Kai Loedel, Ken south and 
Dan Crane pumped in goals to 
give the Tritons a 3-2 
advantage at the end of the 
first quarter. 

In the second period, 
however, the Santa Barhara 
drives began to work, resulting 
in a couple of goals and the 
first of a long string of San 
Diego ejections, and a tie score 
at one point. . 

Three more times the 
Gauchos of Santa Barbara 
capitalized on San Diego 
kickouts, and in the fourth 
quarter finally erased the slim 
margin the Tritons ha~ held 

throughout the game. 
Junior Dan Crane blames 

the loss on a lazy defense. "It' Ii 
their initial drive that beats 
us," he said after the game. 
" When they get a stroke on us, 
we tried to pull back on them." 

And once Santa Barbara 
got the extraman advantage 
from t!jections, they would 
usually score. Their whole 
offense was based on getting 
the kickouts . "They didn't 
drive for the shot, and tht!y 
didn 't drive for inside water," 
said Crane. · "They drove for 
the kickout." 

UCSD again failed to 
ca pitalize on their early lead, a 
problem that has plagued the 
team this year. "For some 
reason we can't play intensely 
for four quarters," says Crane. 

Hafferkamp agrees . "We 
got up on the , then let them 
back in the ballgame. We got 
up on the again, then let them 
back in the ballgame. I don 't 
mind losing - It's just very 
frustrating to lose a Ixlilgame 
we should have won," he said. 

The scorfug was spread out 
Please /urn to pare 1 ~ 

'There .. ~ .utomatlc Insur.nce coyerage. 

"Cover 
Your 
Bod" 

Enroll now 
for 

health insurance. 

Available from insurance representative 
at Student Health ServIces 

Tuesday thru Thursday, 9 am to 2 pm 

AN regist8f'ed students and post docs are eligible. 

9 
Women's V-ball 3-0 

Doing Viel), Considering 
By Jon Goetz come to an end tomorrow 

. Sports ~ditor night at the Main Gym when 
1 he womt!n s vo lleyhall UCSO faces USIU, a team 

team ripped th rough league with 10 players on full 
opponent Westmont in three scholarships. Compoundi n!-( 
straigh t !-(ames Friday night. the Triton's problem is the 
but couldn 't fidd enough probably absence of starter 
playt!rs to face Occidental the Lori Mdvin , sidelined with 
next day. strt!p throat. 

Four of tht! nine tt!am An upse t is not unlikely; 
mt!mbers have some sort of though, the way the team has 
illnt!ss, yet tht!y summoned up been playing this season. The 
enough strength to put away coach, Doug Dannevik, was 
Westmont 15· 1, 15-6, and hired the weekend before 
15-4. The team remains practice began, the team only 
unde fea ted in league play, has three substitutes, there 
with two wins, and undefeated was no coach to recruit 
,ovenill, with ihree victories. athletes during the summer, 

But ' of wins and yet the team hasn't lost a 

game outsidt! of tourna ment 
play. 

A few players have made 
up for the lack of substitutes, 
though. 'Ibe two tall front line 
hitters, Sherre Lilley a nd 
EICline Berl{man, hit the court 
of about 75% of their hits for 
a point or side-out. "Those two 
girls just hit the hell out of a 
volleyball." says Dannevik. 

This week the Tritons test 
their strength against USIU 
Tuesday, undefeated league 
opponent PI. Loma Wednes-

', day at Pt. Loma, and 
perennial league champ 
Azusa Pacific at home Friday 
at 7 pm. 

A~though the T riton~ had the most scoring opportunities, Cal Lutheran was able to score in the laat five 
mill utes for a 2-0 Will. ' 

Soccer Loss Was Almost a Win 
By J_ Rigby Slight 

Friday afternoon the 
Tritons took on Cal Lutheran 
in what proved to be a 
disappointing encounter. For 
the third time in a week 
UCSD's soccer team 
dominated both the statistics 
a nd the play, but somehow 
managed to tome up on the ' 
low end of a 2-0 score. • 

The Tritons' outstanding 
defense stifled their opponents 
for the first 80 odd minutes of 
the game. "They (Cal 
Lutheran) managed to get 
only one offensive drive the 
entire game. Un! ... rtunat~ly 

they took advantage of it, " 
said midfielder Sam Tam. 

But that last offensive drive 
killed UCSO's hopes of a 
second leagu e win. Cal 
Lutheran scored both their 
goals in the last five minutes of 
the game . The first came off a 

~nalty kick in which the 
r ritons got Gilled for hands 

inside the goalie box. The 
second score was more a 
"give-me" goal. lri the- last 30 
seconds, the entire Triton 
team was in a highrisk/over-
manned offense when the ball 

. was stole and put in for the 
clinching goal. 

Before those final minutes, 

·NEEDAJOB? 

the Cal Lutheran offense only 
managed to spurt around and 
take an occasional erratic 
shot, yet for most of the game 
the Tritons wasted one scoring 
opportunity after another. 

Either the shots went wide, 
CLC's goalie saved the shot, 
or the ball was fumbled around 
and passed when it should 
ha ve been shot. The offense 
sometimes hesitated when it 
should have come in for the -
kill. ' 

Tam k~pt the midfield busy, 
however, hustling drives down 
the field, and stealing Cal 
Lutheran passes. 

-Can't get a job because you don't have experience? 
-Can't get experience because no one will hire you? 
-Did you know you can get academic credit for volunteer work 

experience, and at the same time gain the practical experience you 
will need when applying for a job? 

" you answered yes to any of the above, ENROU NOWI 

Sign up for the Urban and Rural Studies Field Placement Program (URS 186). Call Rich Juarez, 452-3690 TODAYI .' 
Remember-If Morris the Cat could get a job, so can youl 
P,S.-wlth experience 

.-



10 

Officials in 'Fever' 
By Tim Liotta 

The .labatic. are good, but unremarka~le. "Beaver .Fever" 
i. an intramural AA football team boasting a 13·6 Win over 
"£nil Penvy" and Ia.t Saturday's 26·0 blasting of the 
"Nobodiea." But lot. of team. have won their finttwo games. 

How many others, thoush, can claim two sports allIislants. 
three referees and an AS council member on their team? 
Sounda more-ike the makeup of a P.E. committee than the 
rmeu., of a football team. 

The "Fever" i. captained and quarterbacked by 1M sports 
aaaiatant Andy Berg, who masterminds the club.'s pow~rful 
offenle. Couple Berg's arm with the fleet feet of wide ruelver 
Steve Crowder, a1ao a sport. allIistant, and it adds up to a 
potent aerial attack, Crowder baffled the "Nobody'," defenlle, 
1C0ring three relatively ea.y toucl~own', . . . . 

The defeDie is led by AS COlU1CII member Bill T opkls, HIS 
d6enaive ru.h keepathe opposition's quarterback in a st~te 01 
panic. TIle defenle hal given up only one touchdown In the 
dub'. firlt two game •• 

Floor Hockey • 
1M AAA coed hockey !Jell underway this week with the 

"Mancheater Puckhandler." looking to repeat 8S leauue 
champa. Captain Chri. Armour is the lenior sports official for 
the program which has enabled him to recruit the necessary 

pIa~r. 10 capture the btle. 
The chief threat to Manchester's title chances looks to be a 

fint ),ear leam named "Is It a Penalty To Come In The Net" 
which eaaily won ill first conteat 10·2, 

The dark.horIe in the p1ayolf picture could be "Kaos," the 
revamped remainder of the "Zingers," which wal a tough team 
Ia.t year. 

Representatives from General Dynamics 
Electronics Division will be vi Iting your 
campus this fall to talk tp you about 
high-technology electronics opportunities 
within our growing company, Our San Diego 
location. small-company Iltmosphere and big 
company benefits can provide rewarding 
caree r development, professional growth and 
personal satisfaction, 

Some of our current high· technology 
projects include: Satellite·based. world-wide 

The Daily Guardian 

Pirates, 7-1 
PITTSBURGH (AP) 

Bm Madlock ripped four hits 
and Tim Foli drove in three 
runs as the Pittsburgh Piratea, 
battling to Itay alive, defeated 
'the Baltimore Orioles 7· 1 
yeaterday in Game Five of the 
1979 World Series, 

The victory left the Pirates 
still trailing the best·of-seven 
Series 3·2 but forced the teams 
back to Baltimore for a sixth 
game tomorrow night. Game 
Seven, if needed, would be 
p1al'ed Wednesday night. 

The Pirates had hoped to 
start Bert Blyleven in Game 
Six, but that plan was changed 
when Manager Chuck Tanner 
brought him out of the bullpen 
yeaterday for hil' first relief 
appearance since 1972. 
B1yleven allowed three hits 
over the final four innings to 
complete a six·hiller. Jim 
Rooker had pitched the first 
five innings and left the game 
trailing, 1-0, 

The Pirates came up with 
two-run innings in the sixth 
and seventh to turn the game 
around , The catalysts in both 
rallies were the slap-hitting F oli 
and slugger Dave Parker , 

~onday, Oct. 15, 1979 

NFL 'Results 
Oakland 50, Atlanta 19 
New York Giants 32, San Francieco 16 
San Diego 20, Seattle 10 
Dallas 30, Loe Angela 6 
New Orleans 42, Tampa Bay 14 
Cincinnati 34, Pittsburgh 10 
Washington 13, Cleveland 9 
Philadelphia 24, St. Loui. 20 
Houston 28, Baltimore 16 
New England 27, Chicago 7 
Denver 24, Kanaa. City 10 
Green Bay 24, Detroit 16 

Water Polo Outfoxed 
Continued (rom pa~ 9 
evenly among the top players, 
but no one person took charge 
of the offense. Crane, Loedel, 
south, Dan Eby, Toby 

' Raymond, Jell E1lioll , and the 
other regulars all pumped in a 
single goal. 

The offense the next night 
was different, when the Tritons 
scored 15 against the College 
All -Stars, yet lost by to, 

" Any team that can score 

15 goals against a team of our 
caliber should win lots of 
games." said All-Star member 
Joe Vargas, who has played 
with the American national 
team for four years, "They 
have good offensive punch ," 

But the AII·Stars put on a 
better show for the natatorium 
crowd that night, capitr,lizing 
on almost every tJCSD 
defenSive slip.up, V a r gas 
rock eted in about 10 goals, 

RESEARCH 
CUSTOM WRITING 

51UdenlS willi piles 01 assignments and 
short deadlines know that relief is avail· 
able: they contacl us. Our research 
papers are proven time· saving re-
searclt tools. Send for our Ialest mail-
order catalog - it gives you ready ac· 
cess to thousands 01 quality research 
papers covering all college subjecl 
IItHs. Send now and have a virtual li-
brary at your fi ngenips In a lew days. 
We also provide custom research writ, 
ten to your speQficatklns. AJI materials 
sold for resaarch assistance only. 
--------------AuntORS' RESEARCH SERVICES, 
INC. 
Suite 600, 407 5 . Dearborn 51. 
Chicago. 111. 60605 
312·122~ 
Enclosed Is St .OO (to cover postage). 
Please rush my catalog. 
Name 

Address 

navigational aids, such as NAVSTAR GPS, 
automatic test equipment for the F·16 and 
range measurement systems for use by all 
branches of the armed forces. 

To learn more about the Electronics Division 
and San Diego, contact your Placement Office. 
Or, send your resume to: College Relations 
Coordinator, General Dynamics Electronics 
DIvision. DrawerUS, Mail Zone 7·32, P,O. Box 
81127, San Diego, CA 92138, 
An Equal Opportunity Employer MlFIH 

oeiOSFR18 
Electronics Division 

; 

UCSD 
Budget Numbers 

accepted 

Cl'i(!r , ~ h O .'.'Il!woM 
~onday. Oct. 15. 1979 

Classifieds 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
M'A'S'H was 16 hrs. in O.R. 
S'M'A'S'H IS R&R InTokyo M'A'S'H 
was big sllches vs little sllches. 
S'M'A'S'H IS ethanol martinis served 
oul of enema bags M'A'S'H was the 
early morning sounds 01 16 mm 
rockels S'M 'A 'S'H IS the late nlghl 

ser~nalesOf1heBlgBands M'A'S'H' 
wa s the cold of zero degree wlnlers. 
S'M'A'S'H IS the warmth of the 
nurses quarters. M'A'S'H' was Korea 
1952. S'M 'A' S'H IS UCSD 19791 
( 10/ 10. t2. I 5. I 7.19.22) 

TO REVELLE GRADU ATfNG 
SENIORS. A Iisl of Fall 1979 Revelle 
graduales IS posled on Ihe board 
oulslde Ihe Revelle Provost' s Office 
Please check 10 make sure your name 
IS on II. If you have any questions, 
please see L,z Myers (1011 0,12, 15) 
ATTENTION ALL SENIORS: The 
PhOtomobile is localed nexl to Ihe 
Crall Center In front of the Siudeni 
Center 10 have your picture taken for 
Ihe Sen ior Yearbook. There IS NO cost 
or obligation to you. but don'l be left 
out of the yearbook. Hours: Oct. 15 
11.30·4:30. Oct. 16.17.18,19.228:30-
4:30. and OCI 238:30-2:00. (10119) 
Surf swap meel Buy. sell or Irade 
anylhing relaled to surfing open to 
everyone. USB 30707 pm Thursday. 
(10/ 15) 

The mantra for inner beauty is SRING. 
The mantra for the hlg hest meditation 
is KRING. You can find out more about 
the use and abuse of mantras at a free 
medilalion and mantra workshop wilh 
Dr. Frederic~ Lenz. PhD. Tuesday at 
7:30 pm HL Rm 1205 Sponsored by 
Ihe San Diego Medita tion Club. 
(10/ 16) 

Hey Summer Bridge '79 let's get 
drganlzedl Meet Friday at the Revelle 
Plaza Ocl. 19 at 4 o·clock. (10 / 19) 

AZYF organizing conference 10 plan 
thiS year's Ahyah Movement. 
Call Mark 755·6425 (101 16) 

SCRABBLE Players Club meets Sun. 
OCI 21 al 7 pm. Formal Lounge. All 
ages welcome - 25¢ B.Y.O. Board if 
pOSSible. (10 / 15) 
Seniors Interested In participating on 
the Revelle Graduation Committee 
please conta ct the Revelle Dean's 
Office ASAP Plans are underway for 
your June Commencement: (10/ 19) 
BE THERE' 0 A.R K S TAR meets 
Thursday al 7 pm In Ihe Revelle 
Informal Lounge More Info 453·4888 
(10116) 
Do you like SCience Fiction? We dOl 
Come 10 the 0 ARK S T.A R. meeting 
Thurs al 7 In the I nl. Lounge. (t 0116) 
There Will be an URSSO meellng Wed 
Ocl17 al4 pm mtheConferenceroom 
atlhe URS Dept office on MC. (10/ 17) 
See him "Bottle Babies." diSCUSSion 
aUer Revelle Formal Lounge Wed OCI 
17 al 12. 2 and 4. CaIPI RG. (10/ 17) 

PERSONAls 
Leslie 
As a bed buddy your Ihe besl. I can'l 
wall 1111 Teusday. B.B. (10 115) 
DAR.K. S.T.A.R. IS the on·campus 
sCience· fiction club. We are meeting 
Thursday at 7· tnl. Lounge. (tO/t6) 
Happy Belaled Birthday Mark H. Hope 
you had an extra·speciat day 10 / 13, 
(t 0/ 15) 
Joann tu es plus belle que mon ami de 
chambre. el plus mou que Steve Tom. 
Je t'a ime. Ion hi ami. (10 / 15) 
Evan·lhe l"IJea wailS. Take·off for 
aSlral plane soon Me. (10 / 15) 
:::RAWFORD LORITTS. Ira veiling rep. 
.or Campus Crusade for Christ, Will 
.glve you straight answers! (10/1 5) 

housiNG 
Rooms for renl 1 bl from beach $1 50 
and $175 Del Mar Call 755-3660 or 
453·06.19. (101 I 8) 

THE fOOD CO-OP 
IS BACK! 

in the Student.Center 

The Daily Guardian 

Siudio Api. La Jolla Village. Close to 
bus. beach and shopping S250/mo. 
- uilililes Included 1261 Prospect St 
La Jolla. Manager Apt 5. 454·62 19 
(1 0/ 19) 

F26 seeks 2 clean qUiel older F 10 
share 4 bdrm Enc house $225 Nov I . 
No smokers or pelS RhOda. x3755 
day. 962-1603 eve (10115) 
Femele to share 4 bdrm 2bth With 3 
olhers. SI 16/ mo plus , utllli les. Own 
room available afier Nov I Cardiff 
436,3662 ( 10/ 15) 
Wan I resp. male or fem. sludenl 10 
share condo In Mira Mesa own room. 
bath $1 50 Clean. I urn 578-3278 
(10 / 26) 

$1 50.00 I mo. Clean home overlOOking 
EnClnllas No lasl mo renl / $50· 
depOSit. Call now 436-6075 day nrght (10/ 16) 

TRAVEl 
CIEE studenllravel cenler located on 
the 2nd floor of Ihe sludenl center 
open MWF 8·12. TuTh 12·4. ( It / 30) 

CIEE Sludent travel center located on 
Ihe 2nd floor of Ihe sludent center 
open MWF 8· 12. TuTh 12·4. (1 t 130) 
Go to San Francisco THIS WEEKEND 
giving a ride to S.F. Fri am relurning 
Mon AM. Share gas. 488-6783. 
'(10 / 16) 

SERVicES 
Is fal a feminlsl issue for you? Self-
help group forming. Call PhylliS 
Toback 453·6084 (10/10. I 2, 15) 
The besl keg prices around. Call by 
Thurs 1 pm. for the nexl weekend Rick 
272-1855t.p lill 12:00 midnlte. (10 / 16) 
Typing . University Cily. IBM selectric. 
Fast reliable. Days 452·4244. ask for 
Jane. eves 453-4966. ( 11/ 30) 
JENNY'S HOME TYPING. 
Term papers. theSIS. diss Days and 
eves 225-1449. (1 1/30) 

GRAND OPENING 
MOND~Y, OCTOBER 15 

Fresh organic produce, 
nuts, grains, breads, 

Alta Dena dairy products 

WHOIIIALE AND RETAIL PRICES 

Open 10-4, Mon-Frl 

Food for people 

not for profit 

WANTEd 
Keyboardlst see ks expenenced. 
seriOUs musIcians for hard working 
progressive lock band Andy. 755-
6464 ( 101 15) 
Wanled Air raid SHen MUSI be In 
working cond,l,on Call 453·94 46 
M.usl have belore Nov I I ( 10122) 
Drullllller and basslsl looking lor 
gUilar and keyboard player 10 lorm 
lazz/lunk band [oc ph 453· 1294 
(IOtt 9) 
SECRETARY WANTED 10 hours l 
week or more $3 50. Ulliversity 
Lulheran Church nex110 UCSD. 453-
0561 (10 / 17) 

Cooks needed Slealello's Slart 
S3251hr No cxperlcnc~ necessary 
Apply In person 2<'06 Carmel Valley 
Road 1 I 0/19) 
Driver needed Sleazcllo ' s 
COl1lmlSSIOns & wage guaramee 
Apply In person 2206 Carmel Valley 
Road. (1 011 9) 

SYDlbols 
Continued from page 11 
American films . ' Inis poll also 
chose Adam's Ri" and Pal 
and Mike (both starring Tracy 
and Katharine Hepburn) as 
movies where women were 
treated the besl. 

Heroes of Eros benefits 
from having a colleelion of 
exception a l photos a s 
illustrations. M a lone offers 
photos from different stages of 
an ador's career so that one 
can see how an aelor changes. 
The early shots of Clark Gable 
are expecially surprising. A 
number of photos, suc h as a 
lleries on James Dea n, are 

lOST & fOUNd 

,. 

l~ 

Found 0 cl 8 bus slup La Jolla Shores 
rlnd Paseo Grand' (SIOI Coniaci Len 
and PaslJu G"lIIdc (SIO) Coniaci lens 
casu w Il 'ns ,Jlo:! ( IO tt 7) 

Older Vox Cambridge Amp raled al 45 
rlnS walls Loud and nasty. Call 488· 
394 1 afler 10 pm Ask lor Brad 
( 10 / 17) 

FREE KITTENS Male honey colored 
hall Manx 755,5923 Susan aile. 6 pm 
(10 / 15) 

Hewlell ·Packard 25 prligramroable 
calculator SI 00 or besl offer 453-2831 
afier 10 pm (10 / 16) 

Walerbed. kingslze w/ alr frame. 
Complele, liner. healer, base excellent 
condilion $190 274 -4386' at 4 pm. 
(10/16) 

on View 
rarely published and are 
outstandinj{ , 

Malone's book suffers from 
.some small defects (no index 
or bibliography, and a 
tendency to be flippant and to 
make " cute " sentences out of 
film titles) but overall he 
creates a fascinating study of . 
the sex roles that ac tors play. 
Heroes of Eros is not a 
definitive work on male 
sexuality in the movies but it 
does give an ex cellent 
overview of the' subject and it 
leaves the reader with a lot to 
think about. 

, . 



I 
I 
I 

~ 
t 

The Daily Guardian Monday. ("ct. 15. 1979 

More ... What's On 
Sports (cont.) 
. 6:00 - 9:00 - Ballroom/Disco Dance Club sponsors Disco Dance 

inltruction on Thursdays, beginning at 6:00·7:30 pm, intermediate 
, at 7:30 - 9:00 pm. Requires club dues of$10.00. Rec Conf Rm. 

8:00 - 10:00 pm - Juggling Club meets in-the Wrestling Room, 
Main, Gym. 

"FRIDAY 
2:00 • 3:00 pm • Synchronized S~imming Club practice, 

UCSD pool. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm • Table Tennil Club practice, REc Conf. 

Room. 
7:00 pm· Men'. Water polo v •. UCLA, UCSD Natatorium, no 

admiaaion. 
7:00 pm • Women'. Volleyball v •. Azusa Pacific, UCSD Main 

Gym. No admillion. 
SATURDAY 

Satunia1 • SwMIa)'. 8etrinner'. Backpacking J'rip to San 
JaeiRte Wildernes .. $17.SO. Sign up in Rec Gym Office. 

7:88 aM· Swfin8 n. Oranae Coa.t College, Black'. Beach. 
9:00 .... ~_ Prix Bike Ride and Race. Pick up a coune . 

At Bank of America, we 
study student banking needs. 
And we've designed our 
Money Convenience SysteinlM 
to help meet them. 

What. the...., 
ConveaIenCe Spa •• ? 

It's easy seroices. For 
example, our free MoneyTransfer 
Service is great if ~u're getting 
money from home. With it, funds 
can be automatically transferred 
on a regular basis from one Bank 
of America checking or savings 
account to another, an)Where 
in California. 

It's easy savings, checking 
and credit. We have a wide variety of 
plans to fit most needs. Including 
eouege Plane checking, which gives 
~.unlimited checkwriting for just 

$1.00 a month for the nine-month 
school year. And no service charge 
at all for June, July or August. 

We also offer Instant Cash to 
help ~u establish credit while ~u're 
stiU in school. It's available to 
students of sophomore standing or 
higher who quali~ 

It's free and easy financial 
information. Our Consumer 
Information Reports cover a variety 
of finaJ'ldal sub;ects and they're 

map and lign up in Rec Gym Office by noon Friday (or get info at 
UCSD Bike Ihop). Muir Field. 

. 

9:00 am - Men'l Volleyball Doublel Tourney (Sign up in Rec 
Gym Office by noon Friday). Main Gym. 

9:30 - 12:15 pm - Children'l Dance Festival. 
Sellion 1. Creative Modern Dance Workshop for Tiney T ob, 

3-5 yrl. (9:30 . 10:30) 
Sellion 2: Children'l Disco Dance Workshop, 7 -13 yrs. 10:45 

. 12:15. 
$2.00 per perlOn per worklhop, payable in advance at the 
CamPUI Rec. Office. O~n to the general community. Welt 
Balconey, Main Gym, UCSD. 

1:00 - 4:00 pm - Special Karate Worklhop prelented by the 
Karate Club of UCSD, in the Main Bym, UCSD.lnltructor: Steve 
ubi. Advance regiltration and more info at the Campul Rec 
Office. $3.00 per perIGn. Open to the general public. 

7:00 - Women'. VoHeybaH VI. Biola College, UCSD Main 
Gym. · 

SUNDAY 
7:00 am - Surfing VI. Saddleback College, Black's Beach. 

free at any Bank of . 
America branch. 

It's easy-to-get-to 
banking. Our Money 
Convenience System 
helps fit banking into 
~ur schedule. With 
early and late walk-up/ 
drive-up windCMIS 
available at most 
branches-just in Case 
~u have classes during our regular 
hours. And. since Bank of America 
has more branches in California 
than any other bank, we're probably 
nearby. 

So come in and get to knCMI 
The Finance Major. And ~u'll get 
to kn<M' easier student banking. 

m BANKOFAMERICA 

-The Country Deli 
----
----III-r-----~r.:.'::=-: 

l 
: 
! 

M.D.-D.D.S.-D.V.M. 

Enter Jan 'SO or Aug 'SO CLASS 
Ph.D.-M.D. Program 

D.C., D.P.M.-M.D. Program 
Universidad de Cd. Juarez 

W.H.o. Listed 
PROVEN PROFESSIONAL 
Student Placement Service 

100L ...... St. 
New yen, N.Y. 10027 

(212) IIHMI 

~~'\, ~~~ ~~ e ~'~o~~ 'O\~o ~ r" ('~ ~ \.-~ ~),OS1o.~ ~e 
e~e 
\~O~~I 

drop in for a free 
personalized styling I consultation. 

our styles create 
irresistable men 
fascinating women 
obedient children. . 

464-3038 


