
THE G UARD.IAN • 
University of California, San Diego 

Volume 36, Number23, 

The UCSD Sea-Deucers are vying for a spot in the Guiness Book of World Records. The 
skindivinl club be,an an underwater backgammon tournament Tuesday afternoon with 
hopes of setting a IOO-hour: record. Teams Qf two will be diving in one hour shifts until tomorrow 
night. 

The last record of 64 hours was set by a diving club in Escondido, according to Nancy 
Munkres, vice president of the Sea-Deucers. "We've never tried to break any record before," 
she said. 

Last year the Sea-Deucers tried unsuccessfully to establish a first-time record for 
underwater pyramid buildin at La Jolla Shores. """0 fJy I{.ea I{.r_ 

Finance Plan Approved 
North City West School Funding Gets City 
Council OK; Development Nears Reality 

By John Hondros 
Auoelale News Editor 

A scheme for financing the 
public schools for North City 
West was approved Wednesday 
by the Land Use Committee of 
the San Diego City Council, 
surmounting another hurdle 
toward approval of the 
development. 

The committee unanimously 
decided that North City West 
developers must fund the 
community's public schools. 
Educational costs will 
eventually be passed on to the 
homeowners. 

according to City Council 
policy . Tbese costs will 
ultimately be passed on to the 
homeowners - tacking on an 
approximate $10,000 to the 
price of each house. 

Coordt, board member from 
the Del Mar Elementary School 
District. She remarked that her 
seventh grade son may have 
the best solution to the problem 
of scbool financing: "We don't 
need school anyway." 

William Rick, North City 
West property owners' 
representative , said an 
elementary scbool will be 
needed in the community by the 
fall of 1981, as approximately 
200 dwelling units will be ready 
for occupancy by early 1981 and 
800 by 1982. "The children 
(arriving in 1981) co\.,lld be 
educated in portable buildings 
on the site or elsewhere," he 
said. 

Friday, March 2, '1979 

Administration, 
Jenkel Agree On 
Vending Deal 

By Jerf Beresrord-Howe 
Assoduu' Managing Editor 

AS President John Jenkel 
and campus administrators 
have propo ed a compromise in 
the vending muchine contro-
vel' y. und their propo ul will 
go before the college govern-
ments this week. 

The proposul. decided upon 
early this week. would give 25% 
of the vending muchine funds to 
the college governments and 
the rest to Food and Housing 
Services to help offset their 
current deficit. 
Vending machin income . 
traditionally used to help fund 
college government activitie . 
wa taken awuy from the 
college thi ummel' by 
Chancellor William McElroy. 

In uddition to returning 25% 
of the vending money. thc 
admini tration ha ugrced to 
hift the debt ervice on the 

Third College cafeteria from 
Regi tl'ation Fee to Food and 
Housing Services. 

The Registration Fee 
committee could then fund the 
college governments to cover 
the loss from vending funds . 
and eventuully the totul 
vending funds would be 
returned to the college 
government when the FHS 
deficit i paid ofr. . 

Meanwhile. th A decided 
Wedne day to po tpone the 
boycott of vending machine 
from the ninth week of thi 
quurter to the second week of 
next quarter. 

Warren Representative 
Gordon Carlon introduced the 
motion that called fol' the 
postponement. He told the 
Council that he thought 

they were not organized well 
enough tfJ earry off a boycott 
next week. uying a boycott 
failure would cause the 
udmini.ll'alion to " laugh off the 
incident as a ludicrous utt mpt 
at student initiutive ." 

The college will choo e by 
Wedne day between Jenkel' 
propo al and one put forth by 
Nancy Laga. Vending Machine 

(Please turn to page 10) 

Cancer in 
the AS? 

You could cull it a burning 
i ue .orevenucancergrowing 
on the A . but no member of the 
AS Council would. 

For two week , the Council 
has been invoh·ed. one way or 
unolh 'I'. in a sometimes ungry 
and 'om 'lime ' joking ('on-
lroven,v OVCI' whethel' smoking 
hould be allowed at the oun il 

mectings . 
La ·t wcek. a re 'olution thut 

would have banned moking in 
the oundl meeling place. the 
j orth Conference Room. \ a 
approved 9-8 . 

A r 'w minute later. though. 
the ouneil voted 9-8 to rever 
that dcei ion . Council Vic 
Pre ident nn Carberr ca t 
the deciding vote. 

Proponent · of lh ban urgued 
that h a lth problem were 
exae 'I'bated by the .. moke-
filled room " they uy th 
Council operate in every week. 

Th smoker. M<.I rgot 
Temp rcau . Murlene Peter on 
and uney Laga . say th y only 

(Please turn to page 10 ) 
North City West is a planned 

community of 40,000 residents 
east of Del Mar Heights. School 
districtl wbicb will be 
immediately affected by the 
development are the Del Mar 
and Solana Beacb Elementary 
Districts and the San Dieguito 
Union Hip School District. 

The land developers estimate 
a $5,100 COlt perdwelliq unit to 
finance the scbools in North 
City West. The developers must 
also pay for all public faciUtles 
in the plaODed community, 

David Thompson, wbo serves 
on the Board of Trustees for the 
San Dieguito Union Higb School 
District, argued at the bearing 
that the quality of education in 
the surrounding school districts 
will be adversely effected by 
North City West. He remarked 
that if City Council approval of 
the scbool financing plan is 
deferred, the surrounding 
districts will face the problem 
"of educatiq children without 
having facftities in wbicb to 
educate them." 

Although Mayor Pete Wilson 
bas proposed that North City 
West be annexed to the San 
Die,o Unified School District, 
committee members agreed 
that the district would not be 
anxious to be pressed with the 
financial burden. "I'm not so 
sure that anuexation would be 
the best solution, " said Victoria 

Pub Opening Delayed 
Until Fall Quarter 

inside: 
Associated Press News Briefs ....... 3 
How Sleep Affects You ............. 4 
Basketball Season Ends ............ 5 
'Boston' Review .................... 7 
SpeCial Report: Religion ..... ' .... 8, 9 
'New Wave' in San Diego .......... 12 
'Same Time, Next Year' ............ 13 
Middle Income Financial Aid ....... 16 

By Kathy Huffer 
SenJor S&aff Writer 

The opening of UCSD's 
campus pub, ori,lnally 
tal'leted for this 'Prina, baa 
been delayed until aext 
September, accorcl1nl to Pub 
Committee member Gary 
Moeer. 

Yoeer explained that the 
delay I'eIUlted in part from a 
lack of iDfonnatiOD OD BuUdlq 
C, the future lite of the pub. 
•• One major problem," be aa1d, 
"II that there wal no blItory of 
financial aucceu at Future 
FoodI," p .... ntly located in 
BulJdlnI C. 

A contractor for the pub will 
probably be chosen within the 
next two weeks, according to 
Moser. The contractor, he aid, 
will require 30 to 40 days to 
become licensed by the 
Alcoholic Beverage Commis-
sion. 
In addition, Mo er noted. 

renovation of Building C will 
take roughly two months. 

Last month tbe Pub 
Committee, set up througb the 
Student Center Board, closed 
bids for the pub contract. Three 
bidders are currentiy vyiq for 
the contract, accorcl1nl to 
lloeer. 

Future Foods is one of the 
bidders under consideration for 
the contract, Moser said. Henry 
Goldy, from SDSU's Montey's 
Den, and a IrouP of three 
fonner UCSD students and the 
corporation of Dini's Restau-
rant are also contract bidders, 
accordinl to Moser. 

Next Thursday the bidders 
will meet with the Pub 
Committee for an oral 
presentation of their contract 
bids. The purpose of the 
presentation, accordinl to 
Ricbard Lapping, chairman of 
the Student Center Board, is to 
gi bidd r the opportunity to 

"explain details" of their 
contract agreements. 

Moser said that a contractor 
will be cbolen " within a week" 
after the pl'e8entatioa. After 
loiq through leveral admin-
istrative channels, he added, 
Chancellor William McElroy 
will make the final contract 
approval. 

Lappinl said that the 
committee is "already a month 
behind" in its schedule for Pub 
completion "because of 
contr,ct problems." Due to 
"thin,s we hadn't seen, " he 
explained, "we had to make 
some contract change ." 

Recent fiftru iD41cate Uaat 
nearly half of UCSD's total 
undergraduate and graduate 
population are of le,aT lit inking 
age. Although the pub will not. 
serve alcoholic beverag to 
students under 21 years of a. • 
it will be open to all tud nu. 



The Guardfan' . 

------- - --------------------

'Daycare Folks Say 
Take a Bow, Voter 
Editor: 

Before we turn our energies 
to the nuts • .md bolts of fund-
raising for daycare expansion. 
we want to stop for a moment 
<.Ind thank the students at UCSD 
for the vote of support you gave 
us last week. 

thllt the Daycarc Center will be 
funded for next year. That 
funding will emlble us tu turn 
our energies tow<lrd applying 
for eXIJ<lnsion funds <lnd tow,lI"d 
develol,ing volunteer and 
credit programs that will give 
UCSD undergradulltes morl' 
oIJIJortunities to use the Center 
as an educational resource. 

In analyzing the results of the 
referendum . we were im-
pressed by two things: the' 
extraordinarily high turnout of 
voters and the great care with 
which people voted. This was 
not merely a showing of 
hardcore supporters and 
opponents. It was clear. in 
observing the ways balloting 
spfit. thllt the bulk of those 
voting were simply responsible 
"taxpayers" and we want to 
thank you most of all for 
reading your Voter Informa-
tion Pamphlet and making <.I 
reasoned decision. 

If you wish to be involved in 
any of the Center's various 
expansion progl·ams. please 
c-.l1I ext. 2768 and IJut your name 
on our list of <.'ontllcts. 

Film Inpuf, Help Welcome 
Letter Brings Action: Alternative Films Planned 

In mllrked (.'ontrllst to the 
desperation we felt Illst spring. 
we look forward to this spring 
llS a time LD explore possi-
bilities for growth and fOI' 
increusing the Center 's 
contribution to undel'graduate 
educaliO'l1 at UCSD. Thank you 
for giving us this oIJPortunity. 

Tht' Conllniul'(~ for Det.·cnt 
DaY(' ar~ 

Editor: 
On Jo'riday. February 23. the 

Guardian printed a letter by 
Tom Sesma <:onceming. among 
other things . problems he saw 
in the University Events Film 
frogram. There were severlll 
valid \JOints made and . as 
Chairperson of the Film 
Committee. I feel it is my 
responsibility to reconcile 
differences when they appear. 
cleat· up what discrepancies I 

Weasked that students send II 
message to Reg. Fee and you 
did: 66.7% oC you told Reg. Fee 
to fund our campus daycare 
center. 61.9% told Reg. Fee to 
exp.lfid it. We asked that you 
take your values as well as your 
pocketbooks to the polls. <.Ind 
you did : you m<.lde a stronger 
pro-duycare statement than we 
had dared dream. but you made 
it clear that you know we live in 
an era of limits. 

Talent Show Run Poorly 
Audience and Acts Gypped 
Editor: 

The Committee for Decent 
Daycare will abide by the voice 
of the students and we trust that 
Reg. Fee will do the same. We 
have high hopes for expansion 
and we understand that the sky 
is nOl the limit. that an 
expanded budget. like all UCSD 
daycare budgets. must be lean 
and tight. 

The Talent Show SLiturday 
night was run very poorly. 1 
think th.lt it WllS unfair to both 
the pedol'mel's and the 
audience. The M asters of 
Ceremony hllndled their jobs 
very unprofessionally . They 
had not planned things to say. 
They ended UIJ IJooI'ly ad-
Iibbing for II great Llmount of 
the time. 

rehears.ll and was actulllly no\. 
a dl'ess rchearsal. It was II 
timing rehellrsal. Because of 
this lack of preIJllration the 
mixing of Enis Penvy was very 
poor. The lelld vocals could not 
be heard most of the time. The 
bllckground tlllJe for the song 
"Lllurie" WllS not ready as the 
performer went on stage. He 
had to stllll for about five 
minutes. until it was rClldy. As you know . our budget 

request for 1979-80 is $16.000 -
less than the minimum .6'Y, 
offered in Question I on the 
referendum . Since 24 .2% of the 
voters endorsed a .6% Reg. Fee 
contribution and another 42.5% 
endorsed ,I n even higher 
contribution. we feel confident 

There W,IS only one rehearsal 
when the I'e should have been at 
leList two. The timing rehe .... ·sal 
was not a rehearsal Lit llii. The 
LletS were not briefed as to this 
a nd brought LllI theirequipment 
to Revelle Cafeteria. The dress 
rehe"r",,1 W;JS the only 

I hope this leller will bring 
the faults of the Talent Show to 
light in the eyes of those who 
ran it so that next year the 
show will be belleI' . 

Thank you, 
Larry Shaw 

! 

. 

-, 

THE GUARDIAN 
Reed Alpert 

Editor 
Eric Jaye 

Manalinl Editor 
Harry Tolen 

GeBeral M...,er 

News 
Ran Anbar, EdilOr; John Hondros, As~iale 
Editor: Staff: Pam Day, Katherine Hafner. 
Alison Hall, Maria Hansen, Eric Harpell. 
Dorothy Houston. Kathy Hurrer. Jocelyn Larkin. 
Steve Horus, Monet Payton, Linda Pfeifer. Toby · 
Raymf·nd. Lynne Reid-Kiss, Steve Schneider. 
Jeff S('k~loff. Laurie Thompson. Teresu Tokur. 
VidYIl Toluni , Judy Walton. and Anilu Zusman. 

Science 
Doug Campion, Editor: Staff: Dail Sl. Cluirc 
Bacon Jphn Br,....k Donilld Luwson, und Jim van 
Scoyo< . 

sporu 
Karen I-Iunter. Editor: Staff: Henry DeVries. 
Kevin Elliott. Jon Goetz. John Klock. Rundy 
Krager. Sieve Lin. Phil Sorensen. Phil Stuller. 
and Sheri Thomas. 

Aru 
Ted Burke. EdilOr: Jill Louise Bazeley und Tim 
Muckenzie. Contributing Editors: Staff: Beth 
Accomundo. Willium Gibson. Guy Messenger. 
Murlene Herman. Lanu Hogue. Joe Reiner. 
Michuel Thomus. und Lynette Tom. 

Pbo&ograpby 
'Stun Honda. Editor: Staff: Kathleen Ferguson. 
Matthew Giedl. Ken K!own . und Mykal Ryun. 

Pr~ucUon 
Jeff Bcresf ,m\-Howc. A ssoc:iah' M lIna"inj( 
Editor: N,lficy White . 'l'ypt'St'ltt'r: Barry AHonso. 
CI'PY Edilor: Stun: Hunt Burdkk. Shaunu 
Stokes . ,lOd K,lthe Vie Brooks. 

AdveniliDI 
Lvnn St .. rr.. . Dusinl'Ss Mana"l'r: sUlrr: Juni 
Mutlill . Luunl Monre. and Christ,1 Thonl<ls. 

ne ~ i8 publilbed by the University of California, s.n Dlqo al an omct.1 campua _Ipaper. 
Publlcatlon I. MOIIIIay, WeclnadIy. and Friday durl", tile .:bool year texcept oIflclal holiday.) . EdllDrial and 
buaIDeu oIficet are located In the Student Ceoter, mall t:ode 8-01 • . EdItorial - 4U-a.. 1kIII_ - 4I2..MII. 

Letters to UIe editor an welcomed. lAtIen muM be lJped aud dGuble-ap.c:ed 011. 72~ line . .."., IbouId DOt 
.~ 1 11% pa,e.1n Ienl\b. Submitted materl.1 moat burthe Nlmeol the authorand.lf the author II utudenl, the 
atudeot Ident.IflcaUon number. N.ma c.n be held 011 reqUNt; however, the narnn wtIl be kept on file In ourofflc:e 
for public InapectJoD. • 
ne GtIar4IIlU .ublcr1be8 ID the Auoclaled Prua Win liervjce. CoIletlate Crouword, the 1M A .... Tim" 
~J1IdIe-", Md.the Padn,. ,.... l'Iemee. l'i.:1il/,.. CIOIiIeIItI • mt, . . • 

- -

can and offer suggestions for 
the future . I contacted Tom t-o 
first dis<:uss his ideas and. at 
present. we have started to 
work on a viable budget and 
proposul for un llitemativei 
classics/foreign film series for 
next yeal·. We have no 
guarantee of results. but the 
effort. is being put I'orth. If it is 
true thLit many or the students 
want to see this series happen. 
then I hope that a few of them 
will find or make the time to 
offer help. suggestions. and LI 
movie title or two. University 
Events is here to provide 
bLllan<:ed IJrogramming llnd to 
those 01' you who feel we are 
leaving out important events. I 
Llpologize. But remember that 
complaining won't <:ause the 
change to lllke effect - llcting 
on ideas will. 

Like most organizations on 
campus. the Film Committee 
has .its roadblocks and 
IJroblems. Due to the tightness 
all around on cash. we elected 
to run the series without a 
s ubsidy this year. We llre self-
supporting and pri<:es arc 
<:alculated to just mllke 
expenses C$1.25 is hardly 
exorbitant) . This. in turn. leads 
to the nec~ssily or showing 

films with the grelJtest student 
demllnd : box office relellses. 
Despite their value. aIternlltive 
films have not supported 
themselves in recent years. 
Well. we' re going to give it 
llnother try . Unfortunately. we 
hlJve limited ll<.'cess to a Uleater 
of our own - Mllndeville has to 
bc.' sh.ll·ed with other de\JLlrl-
mcnts. USB has classes most 
weeknights. and other st udent 
orgllni;wtions have their own 
fund-raising mills to show. 

The most important f'lctor: 
lack or s tudent interest. 
Granted. everyone is busy. but 
IlJlll volunteering my lillie and 
I have 10 motivated <:ommittee 
members who finti a few hours 
a week to ('ontributc ideas and 
enthusiasm. Nothing stops the 
other 9.900 students here from 
doing the silme. 

Without students. University 
Events has no rellson to exist. 
a nd we need the st udent input to 
servc the c,llnpus community 
effectively . We nec..'(i and want 
your help. Come to the ofke imd 
find out what it's all about. 
We're in Student Center 
Building B. c\ownsWirs (452-
44190) . Sc..'C vou there. 

. LiSll Rarowsky 
Film Chairpc'rson 

Women's Caucus Role As 
Guthrie Sponsor Omitted 
f:ditor : 

I WtlS pleased to sec thllt you 
had a brief al·ticle in YOUI' F'eb. 
21 issue ubout Janet Guthrie's 
talk on campus. 

Howe\'er. it is unfortunate 
th.ll no mention was made of 
the sponsor. the UCSD 
Women's Cau(·us. Since this 
was our first fund miser to 

provide additional free training 
semimll's 1'01' faculty. starr. and 
student s. there should hllve 
been some ,I<:knowledgemcnt 
of the purpose behind this 
evenl. Why is it tlwt so often 
UCSU groups get belter news 
covenlge CI'om the media 
outside of this CtllllIJUS'? 

Cnrol J. Harr.,· 

Daycare Results Shouldn't 
Confuse, But Story Does 
Editor: 

Your article on the Daycare 
Referendum in the Feb. 26 
edition -of The Guardian was 
entitled "Daycllre Results 
Hllzy Most Back Center. ButlJt 
What Level?" . At the cnd of the 
artide. the eXllcL results ,md 
the level of support lmd the 
percentages were given. I 
suggest th.lt you read your own 
ncwsC!)IJapel' and find the 
answer to your question in the 
heildline. In uddition you 
repol·ted Mr. McBride as 
aying lhul the students voLed 

to kt.'CI) the <:enter ilt its pre~nt 
~\'cl. Hut the publisKcd n.:lWlt 
n !Ill ~l aira1ed 

at expansion) lldd up to 61.9'Y, 
for some level of SUIJport for an 
('xpanded facility and 35.1';1,. not 
supporting uny Reg . Fcc 
contribution to un expanded 
center. Is McBride's statement 
u misquote or simply more 
misinformation? 

Kallll .... n Mallinger. 
Grad Saudena 

......... to tile editor mUll .,. 
..... 1 ......... 71 

pan II... ••• .1Iou1. not • 
.",... ........... 
... 10 ___ InUIt 
• ......lIUlwUlbe 
.......... 

Fri., M8rCh 2, 1179 The Guardian 

NEWS BRIEFS 
From the Associated Press 

11 States Support 'Pro-
Life's' Ongoing Effort 

More than six years after the U.S. Supreme from other action by Congre - mu st be 
Court struck down most res trictions on ratified by three-fourths of the s tates to become 
abortion, the issue is stirring fresh debate as law. 
efforts continue to get Congress to a mend the Along with the drive for a convention to deal 
Con titution to protect the rights of the unborn. with the abortion issue, a camp~lign i under 

As Associated Press survey of the 50 states way to call uch a ses ion to draft an 
showed that legislation urging or demanding amendment requiring a balanced federal 
action by Congress has been approved in 11 budget. There has been no con tilutional 
states and is pending in another 11 states. The convention since 1787. 
issue has stirred debate in at least half a dozen A measure calling for a co nvention on the 
a dditional states. .. right-to-life" issue is pending in Illinois. Sen. 

The Supreme Court ruled in January 1973 that Mark Rhoads, one of the sponsor . said: " There 
states generally could not prohibit abortions really isn 't a nything more fundamental to civil 
during the first six months of pregnancy. Since rights tha n a definition of what human life is ... 1 
then. groups contending that unborn children think it's subject matter worthy of debate in a 
have a basic " right to life" have campaigned to constitutional co nvention." 
cha nge the Constitution in order to nullify the The 11 states which have passed legislation 
effect of the court's ruling. calling for a " right-to-life" amendment are: 

The resolutions vary slightly from state to Arkansas , Delaware, Indi a na , Louisiana. 
state. Most, however. are similar to one passed Massachusetts , Mississippi , Missouri , 
by the Arkansas legislature in 1977, urging Nebraska, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and 
Congress to call a constitutional convention to Utah . 
draft an amendment to provide that "every The status of the Pennsylvania action. which 
person shall be deemed to be a person from the came in 1978, is confused, however, because 
moment o( conception or fertilization and then-Gov . Milton Shapp vetoed the legislation. 
entitled to the right to life gua ranteed by the U.S. The legislature ignored Shapp and forwartied 
Constitution." the resolution to Congress without either the 

A constitutional convention can be called if state 's orCicial seal or the governor's signature. 
two-thirds of the states request one . Any It will ultimately be up to the courts to 

LEARN TO DANCE 
Join our disco dance club. 

We go dancing weekly! 

S5 discount with, student 10 
$ZO prolram nuw SIS 
(. one·hour lessons) 

Classes limited to 30 
students, held at University 

Towne Centre 
and 5700 EI Cajon Blvd. 

Learn the latHt In 
.treet and NY hustle 
from Sharon Carelas, 

01 San Dielo's 
nnest. 

advanced classes also 
available for students with 

prior hustle experience! 

amen~entres~ting~omaoon~ntioo - or dcter~~the"lliid~it=y~O~f~t~h~e~m~ea~s~u~r~e .~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
THIS SATURDAY NIGHT INTERNATIONAL 

China Proposes Talks 
BANGKOK, 'Thailand (AP) - While Chinese troops fought 

indecisive battles around a strategic Vietnamese provincial 
ca pital yesterday, Chinese leaders in Peking proposed peace talks 
to end the two-week-old war. 

The Chinese proposal to negotiate was made in a note to the 
Vietnamese Embassy in Peking, according toH inhua , the official 
Chinese new agency. 

The message a pparently did not mention China 's ea rlier 
de mands that Hanoi pull its forces out of Cambodia in excha nge 
Cor a Chinese withdrawal from northern Vietnam . 

NATIONAL 
Voyager I Transmitting 

PASADENA . Calif. (AP) - Informa tion sent back to Ea r th by 
Ihe Voya ger I spaceship. now soaring through Jupite r ' s biza rre 
floc k of moon . should provide clues to the origin a nd ev tu lion of 
the solar system, a scientist said Thursday . 

The giant planet and the four largest or its 13 moons " form sort 
of a mini-solar ystem unto themselves. " sa id Lllurence A. 
Soderblom. deputy leader of the Voyager imaging tea m. " The 
thing that's exciting is that they exhibit regurar trends which are 
reminiscent of the solar system as a whole." 

STATE . 
Ease in Pot Laws Backed 

SACRAMENTO (AP) - A slim majority of Californians favor 
redUCing or e liminating penalties for grow ing marijuLina . 

The National Organization for The Reform of Mllrijuana Laws 
ORML said the poll it commissioned found that 53 percent of 

tho e questioned wanted personarcultivation treatedoth r than a 
a felony. 

VliIL()§()Vti", 
'Oi~()UL~ CtiA~C3~ 

~ Philosoph, 161 ) 
Religious Existentialism 

Dr. Henry E. Allison 

- .-' 
II re-lcheduled to: 

: TU/TH 8:30·10:50 
~·HH2321 

in Building 'C' 
THE ASSOCIATED STUDENTS present 

BOBBY KELTON 
Robin Williams started here last year. 

This year's comedian is So bby-

DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY 
for only 

$2.00 UCSD folks 
$3.00 everyone else 

Remember, it's this Saturday, March 3 
8 and 10 pm 



4 The Guardl.n Fri., ".,ch 2, 1879 ~~~~----------------------------~~~--------~----------------------~ 
• 

Science 

SI ep Needs: Lullaby For Your Life? 
By Uoug Campion 

I.'i('ncc Editor 
Thenumb rofhoursaperson 

sleeps each night may be u 
dctermining factor in the 
length of that per on' life, 
according to u study published 
recently by Duniel Kripke. C 
San Diego psychiutri t and 

director of the Sleep Disorders 
Clinic ut the Vetel'uns 
Administration Ho 'pital. 

the 'ul'vey spunned ,'ix yctlrs, 
"What we found WtlS thtll of 
those million people, those who 
slcpt either less than st'ven 
hours or more than eight hours 
(nightly) were indeed more 
likely to huve died within thesix 
yellrs," ·;.tid Kripke, 

Kripke expluined thut his 
i nteqJl'etut ions were mude 
from the datu obtained in a 
survey of one million people 
conducted by the Alllerie.m 
Ca ncer ociety, The followup to Ill' ' Idded. though. that his 

--, ,-, RIHRVE I'OWlII PACK a .TAtl SOFT CAS[ IIITAIL 
IW· ~', 111'-22, HP-25I~, tIP·v , "".29t I202IA $2000 HP, lO, HP· '9C 

-

1.111 
1W·1i, IW.., 82004A' 2000 IIP-21, HP·22, 1W,25I~, tIP,V, HP,29t IfI!127A 6111 
HP·II , HP·!I/, 1W·91 82031A ~III 1W·67 (Black Lnlhtr! I2OIIA·· 10.111 

HP·67 (Symllt.lC! 12053A" 700 
SECURITY CRAD~E OR CAB~E tIP·1) . 12021 A" 6.00 

HP ·~1. HP·22, HP·25I~, HP·~I , HP·29t I2029A 3000 HP·I1. HP·!I/ HI'·ll 82035A 1000 
HP.Q 120'~" 3000 liP 3'E HI',32E HP,33( , HP·31E HP,3111: 82I1OA 500 
HP·ID 82001A'" 3000 
HP,I', HP,!I1 HP,l l I204IA .000 BATTERY PACK 
HP· 'O, HP '9C. HP,9' HP-!I2 , HP·97 lcoblel I204IA .000 HP· IO, HP· I9C I121Y.>2A .5.111 
HARD ~EATHER CASE 1W·21, HP·22, HP·25I~, HP:V , HP·29t 12019.\ 1.111 HP,67, IW.., I200IA .0111 
HP·61 120.610'· ~OO HP-91, HP·!I1, HP·97 . I2033A '1 00 
HP·I) 820Q6A'" 3000 HP 3.E 1W.J2E HP·33( , HP·)lE HP·3111: 82'ti9A 6111 

OWNER'S HANDBOOK RECHARGER/AC ADAPTER HP. 1O 0lIl'0-90lIl' 315 
Hp· I9CI29t ~~110 1000 HH. tIP,22, 1W,25I25C, tIP,V 
HP·~' 0002. ·90lIl. 200 1W·29t (110 YAt! . &2CM.A 1111 
HP·Z/ 00022·90lIl ' 500 HP·21, 1W·22, HP·25CI25 Hp·21, HP.29t 
HP·25I25C tJOO25. 90lIl. 300 (12012JOYAt S.t1c~.blt! I2026A 1500 
HP·27 Il0021 90lIl . 500 HP 61 HP.., (1101220 YAt, S.t1cniblt! I2OO2A' 2000 
HP061 00061·!Ilf)I . .000 

""·10, tIP· llt, HP·91, HP·S?, 
HP·I) 1JOOIIO.9OIII' 200 tIP·1I11110 VACI I2059A I~ 50 
HP·I' (O)9HIIOIl' 10 00 HP·lIE. tIP·32E, HP·33(, HP·31f 
HP·92 000!11 ,90lIl2 1000 HP·38( lITO VAGI 820elA 1000 
HP·91 (0)91· 90lIl1 10 00 

DC RECHAIIGEIIIADAPTER 
QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE HP·21 HP·Z/, HP·25I25C, HP 21 I2055A )SOlI 
HP" 9CI29C ~2112 300 HP,61, HP.I) ~A' ~OO 

HP· 25I~ tJOO25.CJ002I 100 OTHER ACCESSORIES HP.Q 00067·900II1 3 00 
HP·I) _90003 lOll Tncrm3t Plln1tnQ P.Ptt' :Ot MP 10 

HP· '9C [6 Rolls, alOMA 315 
APPLICATION BOOKS Tne,mat Pflnling Paper for MP 91 HP 9'l 
HP· '9CI29C ~2111 '500 HP 91 (6 Rol'" 82045A 600 
H'·21 Il0021 !Ilf)I6 10 00 3 Program Card HOlders tOf HP·57 HP·17 1IOfl!j1"3,.2" '0 00 

HP·25 I~ tJOO25.!Ilf)\1 '000 Program P,d tor HP 19C HP·25I25C HP·29C 
HP·IO Real btatt Apglttahons fXlOIIO.6IiOO6 1000 HP 67 HP·91 HP,33(, HP,. 1IOfl!j/ 13'54" 400 

~p.9l OOO!I1.!Ilf)\1 1>00 8'an~ "og' am Calds 'or HP.e7 "'·97 
Hr-." hot b ..... Mftitment AneJr,sI. 00Im-90002 10,00 I .to Clrd P~)-Incl Card Holders 1IOfl!j1·1314.'· 2000 (120 Card Pac)- Incl Card Holaen IIOfl!jl ·13143'· 4500 

HP-I71t7 USER'S LIBRARY (1000 en .... ) IncLC ... d _ .. " ~-13206 '15.00 
• Also usable on MP.~ HP-4S. KP·!6 HP.(6, and MP.70 $O~UTIONS BOOKS ,:::~~ ~:::~:; ~~~, HP,~ H~ Each 510,00 ReteU 

BUSINESS PH~SlCAlIlfFE SCIENCES HP-I7ltl APPLICATION PACS 
Oph04'tsJTechnlCal Stocie A,ylyslS IIOfl!jl ,I4OO9 Cherrustry IIOfl!jl· '4IJ06 E""h U5,00 Rela" 
Pottlolftl abnagemenl l OpllCS 1IOfl!j1· 14016 

_'Nolts 1IOfl!j1·1401O PhYSICS 1IOfl!j/,14015 HP·67 Standard Pac OOIJIIl·1310. 
Rill hl'l' InvlSlmems CIOfl'j] ·14O'2 Eafth St.ltntlS IIOfl!jl · 14011 HP·91 Slandard Pac 000II1,1310' 
Taus IIOfl!jl ·' 4flOot £ nergy ConSII vltlon 0009/. '4029 BuSIMSS OttISIOns Pac 00011·131 .. 
Homt lIa~1Mft1 1111!11·1«131 SPitt $clene, IIII!Il, .«121 C,vll Eng.net"ng PI( 000I1, 13111!> 
Small BuSlntSs 1111!11,I4039 FOfH1fy 0009/. ' 403' rl.n,ullab & Nuclear MedICine PI( 0CIQI7· '311S 
btlmattng 1111!17-1ot033 l\toloIjy IIII!Il ·14040 ~fP.., I 00011· 13131 
Mlrktl lrNJlSaIH 00011·141)32 OTHER GImH PIC 00GI7·131e 1I.ln Pac I OOGIl·13121 

Gam .. 1IOIl91· 14013 IIEPac I 0II0!I1·13156 
ENGINEERING Ga_.f Cho"". 1IOIl91·14OJI Nlvlflhon Pat OOOIIl,13O!OiI 

""cratl OPtfI"on 0009/·14001 Sial PI< I OOGIl,13111 
AnI ...... OOGIl, 'oI02l ""'GillOn 1IOIl91·14OII2 SUflflty PI( I 01l0I1.1)115 
.... ,.,..,'" , CIIHysIIn f .... s 1IOIl91·14OOJ C~endlrs Il0091, '4024 
TlIt,mll & T,an.pon 5<_ .. 1IOIl91, '4023 Pt\olo Oar k Room 1IOIl91,'C122 
Ef (10-, OOGIl· loIil25 COGOISuI • ..,OIl9 1IOIl91·14020 HP-I! APPLICATION PACS lnIIusl,oaIEftglnMlOIl9 OOOIIl· I«I3I§ Astr • ..,y 1IOIl97·14014 
Aor ...... UI E"9'_r", 1IIlIII1·14IDII cen ' ..... 111-.. 75 for 
_&CoIumns 1IOIl91,101021 HP.t5 Appllce_ Poe Int __ 
Control S,.I .... 1IOIl91,1_ HP, ttClHC USER'S LIBRARY 

SOLUTIONS BOOI( S 
COIrIfUTATIOII Eech $7 ,50 Reletl 
HigI>l""IMalh 1IOIl91" 4011 Math _14001 
Test Stllllt", 1IIlIII1,1_ S"lIshes 001/901-
-ry _1·14001 Fllllne, _,4D03 
_htylOuairty A.sur ..... 1IOIl91.1CJO EE _,4flOot 

SuI • .., _141105 
MEDICAL Game. _1-
MIIKaI ~ad:ltlOftIt _ 1·141105 NlwlfIlion _141101 
A_lilts. 000II1·1«111 CE 

_,_ 
Cardll( IIIlIII1,I.1I ME _1-
Pu ...... , _ 1,1«131 S,udonl E",r _14010 

-

If ifs current and we don't have it ... 
we can get itt 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

con<:lusion thut 'Iecp habits and 
longevity arc related is merely 
"a eo .... elution, or association, 
.. md there's no wuy 01' telling 
I'rom a study of this sort 
whether the correlation is 
causul." Aceording to Kripkc, 
because the data was obtained 
primurily by questionnaire .. md 
not through actuul laboratory 
study. the .. leep di orders" 
might either be u direct cause 
of prellluture detlth 01' a 
symptom of some potentially 
fatal illness, 

or the <10 -30'/' of the 
popululion who compluin of 
sleep difficulties, only .. I few 
percent have what the 
reseurcher referred to as 
"sevel'e 'Ieep di order'," He 
<llso noted thut these people 
probably have u diversity of 
conditions. so it is impossible to 
prescribe one treutment that 
would be useful for everyone, 

.. It seems reasonubly c1eur, " 
said Kripke, "that sleeping at 
regul"lr times is useful. " He 
conlinued, " The weight of 
evidence is in favor of the ide" 
thut sleeping ut lea ,t seven 
hours is <l good ide<l , ulthough 
it's not. certain th<lt <lny ha I'm 
co me from culling below 
that. " 

"Complaint of in omnia did 
not eonsi 'tenlly predict e.lrly 
d uth, " sLi id h.ripke, He added, 
" It was how long people slepl -
not whether 01' not they 
complained of insomnia (that 
WllS important). " 

The tudy also revealed the 
f<let that the term "insomni,," 
is often used by many peolJle in 
reference to several entirely 
differ nt sleep problems, 

From his own research at the 
leep Disorders Clinic, Kripke 

noted, " What we find i that 
some people who complain of 
insomniu do indeed have less 
sleep than average, Other ' 
h.we .1 complete ly <lver<lge 
quantity," He explained, " In 
orne c"lses ... it takes them a 

Ii ttle longer to fall asleep or 
they wuke up during the night, 
but the total amount of sleep is 
not murkedly <lIter 'd," 

Of th most common causes 
of disorders in sleep, KrilJke 
cited raul': depre 'sion, drug 
ubllse, nocturnal myotonia - a 
condition in which the legs tend 
to kick spasmodically during 
the night. and sleep apnea -
wh ich is the tempora ry 
cessution of breathing during 
sleel). ]n addition to thc 
physicul C<luses, he expl<lined 

th"lt changes in bch"lvior or 
environment can result in 
difficulties in slumber , 
Working on shifts, or al 
irregular hours is one exumple 
of this , 

,, ]t' , been shown tlwt the 
average high-school st udent, 
when he goes to cullege, cuts 
down his sleep about an hour, " 

UCSD psychiat r 
Kripite. ,.,.., •• " It •• It,_ 
s<lid Kripke, Hdding, "When 
undergl'aduates go to medicul 
school they cut their sleep down 
an extl',l hour," 

Another 1' .. lctOI' inflUencing 
sleep behavior is the use of 
sleeping pill '. Cl<liming lhat no 
long-term an<.llysis hus ever 
been done on the effectiveness 
<lnd possible hellllh ri sk ' of 
these medicin's , Kripk e 
e«1Jr' " cd his d' 'i re to Ii e :l 
,Imethodologkally satisfac-
tory" study conducted. " It " 
I'idiculou ,!" he s.lid, "Therc 
arc 27 million pI' 'seriptions 
year ly in lhe nited States for 
sleeping pills - thaI doesn' t 
count V <llium und phenobar-
bilul. .. ,With IO'/' 01 the adult 
popul,ltion t,lking 'I 'eping 
pills, we ought to know 
whether, in the long run , they 
do 1lI0l'e harm than good." 

According to Kl'ipke, of I.he 
5,000 de"lths due to drug 
overdose reported eueh yew', ut 
le,l ' l 1.400 are tauscd by 
sleeping-pi ll overdose, 

In re -evaluating the dut,1 of 
the lllerie,lIl Cancer Society 
sUI'\'ey, and in eondueting his 
resea rch at the Sleep Disol'ders 
Clinic, sH id Kripke, " Our 
purpose", (is) 1I0t so much to 
make a rel'ollllllendation now 
as to point out the import .. lIlceof 
sleep disturbances in health 
.. md to point out what we (still) 
need to know," 

Engineering & Computer Science Majors 

BEFORE YOU PICK UP 
YOUR DEGREE. 

PICK OUR INTERVIEW. 
Contact your placement office 

for Interview datn. 

, .. _--------------- , 
, . 

: HUGHES : 
. , L __________________ J 

~e----
AN EQUAL OPPOIITUNrrY EMPlOYER M IF 

Fri., March 2, 1979 The Guardian p.o- 5 

Sports 
Tritons Take Finale 

Late Lay Up Edges Sonoma State in Overt ime; 
Coach Cunn ingham's Last Game Ends Season 

UCSD V'baUers strain to block a s hot In their 3-11058 til USI 
ay night. 

By KI~vin E lliolt 
Slaff Wriler 

The UCSO Varsity Basket-
ball team ended its disap-
pointing sea on on a winning 
nole last Saturday night as they 
defeated visiting Sonoma State 
in overtime 79-71 . 

Guard Ron Samuels' driving 
lay in with just a few seconds 
left on the clock gave Coach 
Barry Cunningham a victory in 
his last game as coach of the 
UCSD Tritons, Samuels ' bucket 
capped an overtime in which 
both teams played their hearts 
out in the season finale for both 
squads, 

It did not appear that the 
Tr itons would be forced into 
overtime, as they completely 
dominated play in the first 
half. 

UCSD jumped into a quick 
lead and threatened to blow 
Sonoma State out of the Main 
Gym, but the vi itors 
regrouped and fell no further 
than 15 points down, 

The Tritons' strong urge 
was led by forward Stan 
Hopper, who completely tore 
up Sonoma State on the inside, 
and Scott Knudsen, also strong 
on the inside, At intermission 
the Tritons led 47-34, 

FenCing Regionals Today 
Fifth-Ranked UCSD Team Faces Division I Schools 

The best in the west in foiling 
und fencing will be fighti ng for 
the NCAA Western Regiona ls 
Fencing Chumpionship here ut 
UCSO today through Sunduy, 

A total of nine sc hools. 
including defending ch<.lmpion 
Sun Jose St<lte, will dr,lw their 
weapons to fence it out in the 
Main Gym sturting today at II 
am, , 

Coach John Helmich feels 
thaI CSD h<.ls a good shot at 
winning or at least pl<.lc:ing in 
each weapon category, 

The nine-mun tenm of UCSD 
is made up of three men for 
each different weupon , 

The Tritons will be f<lcing the 
Divi 'ion ] teams of SF, Ail' 
Force Academy, und CS Long 
Beach, a lung with other pO\\ ers 
CS NOl1hridgc and S<.In Jo e 

tate, even though UCSD is a 
membcr of the NCAA Division 
Ill. 

In the Intercollegiate 

Fencing Conference of 
Southern Californiu's Feb-
ruary 21 ruLings, UCSD is 
ra nked fifth overall <lS i.I teum 
with strong individual event 
showings in epee (second <.IS a 
te<.lm) <lnd women's foil (third 
as a team) , 

Kathy Kassebi.lum received 
All-Conference honors for hpr 
fourth place ruling in the 
women 's foil di visio n , 
Tei.lmmute Lynn Oemshki wus 
rated seventh , 

Dave "'runk\'ille will be San 
Dicgo's main thrc~lt in the foil 
division, The dynamic duo of 
Wulf Carson and Ed Amos will 
supply the act ion in the el';!e 
competition, The sabre 1( ~lm 
will be leaft by Greg Lee, 

Hellllieh expl<lined th;!t Ihe 
Ail' FOl'ce A('adt':1l~ ' W"I,' 'he 
only team with nationwide 
feneing eXIJCI'icnce due to the 
<Iv,lilubility uf Ail' Force es('ol't 
flight s, 

Due to its experience gai ned 
through fencing the big schools 
back cast, Helmich sah.the Ail' 
Force might have the upper 
hund in the championships , 

The weekend tournamenl is 
the stepping-stone ('01' the 

CAA alional Fent'ing 
Ch;unpionship , 

Casually 
Sophisticated 

OPEN 
lATE 
• Spo~het1l 
• PIm 
• Bountiful 

Sand"",ho. 
• S-
• w ... 

lunch • D1nnor '\~ 'Wortcr. Moe' Uniqu~ Pizzo" ~- , 
TBkft)Ut.100! :1 ~ 

1 _ _ I'.c-....... C_ tJIaII v .. ____ ... _ 
HI2 C .. nwI v...., Road -~ M ••• lu.4J71 

GRAND OPENING SAL E 
Marc h l s t- I Oth _ ______ ______ -I 

LA JOLLA SURF & SPORT 
fe atur ing: OP • Quicksilver . O'N e ill 

Ripcurl • Offshore . Surf Line 
Womens' and Boys' wear toot 

r------------------------SAVE! SAVE! SAVE! 
• 1/3 off lo n gsle v port h I res 
• 1/3 off sweat r an d j ackets 
• 1/3 off a ll ga ls' wear 
• and muc h . muc h m o re 

At the out et of the second 
half UCSO co ntinued to 
dominate and it looked like an 
easy victory, However , 
Sonoma State refus d to wilt 
and made a strong comeback , 
knotting the score 72-72 at the 
end of reguJation play , 

In the 5-minute overtime 
period both teams started 
carefully, not wanted to turn 
the ball over, With just a couple 
of minutes left in the game and 
the season, both teams went full 
bore, 

Samuels fore d Sonoma into 
turning the ball over with 17 
seconds left and the stage was 
set [or him to hit the winning 
hoop before the screaming 
home cr.owd, 

Hopper, in hi third traight 
strong performance, led the 
Triton scoring attack with a 
season and game high 26 points, 
Hopper got help from Scott 
Knudsen, who dumped in 16 
points and had 9 rebounds, Tom 
Omalev and Bob Frazier, 
playing his la t game as a 
Triton , 

After the contest, assistant 
coach Mallory Mitchell , who 
has his eye on the head 
coaching job now that 
Cunningham is moving on, 

summed up the eason at Tritoll 
up and downs, " It's a shame 
that things turned out the way 
they did, At the start of the 
season ] thought we were a 
cinch lo win the league , 
especially after we won the 
opener against Cal Baptist in 
triple overtime, We had the 
talent. We had Lehman 
Brockett. who could play for a 
lot of pro clubs right now, and 
we had a trong bench, 

Of all the thing that hurt the 
Tritons, two things stood out, 
according to Mitchell. " One, 
our inconsistency and two, our 
inability to put the other team 
away after we grabbed a lead. 
Virtually in everyone of the 
games that we lost. we 10 t it in 
the closing minutes of play , It 
was frustrating. but maybe 
next year we can do it." 

Mitchell also prai ed the 
entire squad for working hard 
and cited Hopper, Frazier, 
Omulev, Knudsen and Brockett 
for having "outstanding 
seasons. " 

CSO finished tied for la tin 
their conference with a 2-8 
record along with Cal Baptist. 
Point Lorna won the division 
with a 9-1 record, The Triton 
overall record was 9-21. 

DELMAR 
CDU RTS 

at 
• 2775 Via de la Valle 

north on 1-5 to 
Via de la Valle, then 
east 500 yards to 

Del Mar Courts 
• AM 1:04PM DAILY, 

.TUD.NT DI.COUNT ALL DAV 
R A T.. .ATURDAV •• UNDAY 

$ 1,75 per pef"8on per hour 
... me dey ,..._,..v.c.one aec.ptecj.. 

Could you be an OASIS tutor? 

Take this test: 

G,P,A, 3,0 + ? 0 
Majoring in Math or Science? 0 
Completed lower division sequence? 0 
Room in your pring chedule 0 

for a 4 unit course? _______ --.l_--' 

Lik to help other ? 0 
(f you can an wer yes to a ll of the a bove, you 
a re e ligibl to becom e a n OA I tutor. 

(4 unit ). 
noW for 'rEP 14) R OU D 

Sign up OA 1 U DER d tail 
ome tollL 1254 {or {urtb r 



..-' Fri., -.ch 2, 1179 

Now comes Miller time. 

©. 978 M~ler Brewing Co., Milwaut<ee, Wi. , 

. ~F,~r~~,~M~r~~~7~9 __________________________ ~T~h~e~G~ua~r~d~la~n~ __________________________________ ~_p_a~g~e--7 

Sport~ 

Badminton Tea~ ~WihS in League Play 
83' Kar!'n Hunter I)byer llregettingu edtotheir 

Squash 
Players 
Take3rd 

By Karen Hunler 
Spon I-.:dllGr 

Ten students from Jack 
Douglass' beginning and 
intermediate squash classes 
competed last weekend at UC 
Berkeley in the Western 
Intercollegiate Squash Cham-
pionships. placing an impres-
sive third among a field of 
tough. scbolanbfp , colleges 
representing schools west of 
Kansas City. 

The double elimination 
tournament divided the players 
into three levels of competition 
(A.B. and Cl with A being the 
most competitive. Although all 
of UCSD's squush players, 
except one. are at the C level or 
below. ull ten competed against 
" A" players because of lack of 
numbers. 

A second place showing by 
the Triton women was the high 
point of the three day tourney. 
Senior Vicki Whelan. with only 
lilt years of playing experience 
behind her. scored two of the 
women's 61h point tota l before 
beine limina d in the 
semifinals in an upset bl' tbe 
number 3 seeded player. 
Whelan was seeded second. 

Ac('Ording to Douglass, a 
physical education supervisor, 
Whelan played her usual 
" quick. aggressi ve squash 
game" in reachi ng the 
scmifinuls of the 0Pl:n division. 

Helen Simmons added Ilh 
points of her OWl!, advancing to 
the finals of the B round. All 
players started of( in the A 
bracket until they lost and 
moved into the B division, 

Julie Lenardi and Janet 
Howey, a beginning player, 
were the other two women who 
contributed to UCSD's 
excellent showing. 

For the men, John Lee played 
" outstanding" gam~ of squash 
on his way to winning two 
contests. Mike Farrell and 
Steve Pappas both made it into 
the semifinuls of the B division, 
as did Mark Bernard. Henry 
DeVries, another newcomer to 
the game of squash, advanced 
to the finals of the consolation 
round before losing. Greg 
Smith also picked up some 
tourney experience in the 
consolation routKl. 

The men gradui.lte students 
finished second overull out of 
thc thl'ee chools that fielded 
gl'ad teams. Enrique Peacock 
made it to the scmirinals of the 
B bracket. Pete I' Guthric. the 
ranked indh'idu<ll on UCSD' 
squad, finished his adion in the 
finals 01' the consolation 
division. 

The Tritons movcd Up,1 nolch 
1'1'0111 I<lst yeur 's fourth place 
linish. ending up behind C~ 
and the Uni\'ersllv or 
Washington this year. . 

...e 
a backhand In the tritons' 8-7 victory over San Diego 

rI'ulewliav ,.,.., • ." 51 •• ...... 

Baseball Team Loses 
1.4-7 4 Decision to USD 

By Jon H alperin 
The UCSD Tritons dropped a 

14-7 decision to the USD 
Toreros on Tuesday. com-
milling six errors to waste a 
solid offensive effort. The 
Tritons are now 5-7 on the 
season. 

Southpuw Burt Homan 
started the game. giving up 
thirteen runs und twelve hits in 
his !!ix-inning stint. Homan also 
guve up two home I'uns while 
picking up the loss. Eric 
Zimmer pitched the' last two 
innings and was surprisingly 
impressive: allowing just two 
walks. one hit, one run und 
stri king out two. 

OCfensiv~ly, Marc Sharpe 

and Brct Sand ' trom were the 
key contl·ibutol'S. Shar'pe went 
two Cor five with two runs 
batted in and two stolen bases. 
Sandstrom, who came into the 
game hilling .441 went three fOI' 
five with one stolen base. Coach 
Vince Askey has been pleased 
with Sandstrom's play . calling 
him the team 's most valuable 
playel' thus fur. 

Looking ahead. the Tt'itons 
play two doubleheilders this 
weekend . Today . they will face 
Pomona Pitzel' at 2 pm on the 
Olsen Field diamond, Thel'e 
will be .1 keg in the stands for 
those who wish to cheer on the 
blue .lnd gold. Tomorrow. the 
Tritons face Azusa Pacific 

Student 
. Print Co-op 

we PrInt 
Plyers, Resumes. Posters, Bookle ts. 
Table Te nts, Lenerhead Stationery, 
cards, LeIlIflets, Invitations. a nd more. 

Payment by caab or l1D1veralty bud_ no.-
100 ~ $3.50 
D) ccpIes - $7.50 

1000 ccpIes $12.50 
81/1 xii. orw ... wt-.. 

Monday . Friday, 100m· 3pm 
Student Center 

452.-4747 

Spurt!! Editor doubles partners whi ch is 
In .. satisfying victory on really helping us." 

their home court the UCSD The lone women 's doubles 
b"ldminton team edged by San victors for the Triton wa the 
Diego State on Tuesda y duo of Fried and King who 
llCternoon, 8·7, defeated Myers and Suwyer, 15-

Women's singles pl ay 8 , IS-7. The men' doubles duos 
brought the Tl'itons their of Standlee / Turner and 
biggest margin of victOl'Y over Jucobs/Quang Bui had it a bit 
the Aztecs. 3-1. In the numbel' tougher as they both lost to 
one slot Linda Fried outplayed their Aztec counterparts. 
her opponent . 11-1. 11-5. One of the more exciting 

Freshman Lan Ngoc Ta. an match-Ups of th e afternoon was 
"extremely hard worker and at the number two position of 
enthusiastic player," ae- mixed doubles. ~I S Fried and 
cOI'tiing to firstyearcoach Mike Turner pulled out a game 
Vandel' Griend, defeated her deciding I - IS . 3 -2. 15-5 
rival Crom State, 11-5, 11 -7. comeback. 

Cindy King I'ecorded the In oth er mi xed doubles 
third women's point in the victories .Jal'Obs/Jane Orbuch 
number foul' spot. downing and Dave Stcinore/King added 
Linda Bellencourt. 11-7. 11-8. to the TI'iton tota l , 

Hal Ja(.'Obs and Jeff Johnson This match was UCSD 's first 
added two points to the Triton's league viclol'Y of the season. 
total score by winning their w te' pl·ogl· ... m has under gone 
men's singles matches. In the considCl'able changes fr om la t 
number one position Mm'k year 's nalionally ranked CAA 
Standlee was deCeated by squ<ld. All funding has been 
SWte's Brian Muy 'ay uy, 9-15, eliminated fo r the progr am and 
7-15 . Craig Turner also 10s1. 5- the team now b.wely has a club 
15. 8-IS . sWlus. 

Vander Griend tel 'med the Others in UCSD's 1e<lJ(ue 
who Ie mat c h a .. te a 01 in<:lude S Los Angeles and 
eCl'olt ... We .. Ire starting to pull l"lirmont. th e team' next 
together as a unit now. Our ieaguc opponent on March 13. 

TV - STEREO 
SERVIC£ 

QUAUTY WORK - FREE ESTIMATES 

SLEEPER ~------.... 

EUEmtlllIB 
'OU WAIITED 
I----~TO 1I110W ABOUT 

SEll 

7:00 pm 
USl2722 
'1.:111 



FrI., 

Confor "ty in Religion 
Students Loy Church Doctrines, Practices 

By Teresa Tokar 
Ston Wriler 

Radicalism and "do your 

' Ily-oriented, pre·profes· 
I' i ndi vidua Is who are .. not 

iblelo the appeal of the 
t hing" ph ilosoph y . s. 
char<lcteristic o( many COIlIPoIIl"C ,lIso feels th<Jt the 
students <Jcross thc cou rsity maintains a neutral 
have given way to an era c toward religion. " I think 

h· h d 1))'0''''1'.'' he s<Jid, because w IC many stu ents conform t"-
a prescribed sel of rul I'cligion is "not thc 
ac(.'ording to two admini t ersity's business," He 
and thl'ee clergy members howevcl·. lh<Jt it is the 
Office of Religious Affair , iversity's " business" to teach 
prescribed set of rules history and l .'ompurison of 
ussert, is oCten purl of 
doctrine oflhesludent's reli vel'. Armiwge docs not 

Paul Silliman. Vice Chan thut this indiclltes UCSD 
oC Academic Aff<lirs. ts do not JJOssess ethics or 
increase in interest and ng sociu l awureness ," 
i n organized re llgi such student projects as 
colleges. espcci<llly rei minorities, anti·nuclellr 
which thestructu rellnduv~;",""_ ~ trallons and environ· 
£irmly plunted" us opPlosE~d I prescrvution. 
"existentialist and un abbi Jay MiIlel', of UCSD's 
appro<lch to religion. of Religious AHllirs. has 

college·age students is part of an 
oscillating, cyclical pattern. In II 
given period of lime, he 
explained. people arc imbedded 
in val'ious re l igious or 
phi losophical "niches." Each 
niche grows und dec reuses with 
time, according to Sultmun. 

While Sult man wus studying ut 
Cui Tech during the '40s, the 
YMCA wus the cultural. 
religious und philOSophical 
center of the cum pus. During the 
curly 'SO, dianetics (u 
fOl'el'unner to SCientology) 
became popular und was coupled 
with a growing fundamentalist 
Christian movement. 

Richard Armitage , u simi" .. r trend . "It 
Chllnccllor of Student rs to me," he noted, "that 
said "there is a pendul vement in religious Ilctivity 
nation<llly which is b U'6111u r increased within recent 

eligious Groups Active 

Then cume the '60s , he 
expluined. and with it cumc the 
" beLitnik" lifestyle, the hippie 
movcment, and the " do yourown 
thing philosophy" which had 
purt of its l'OOtS in EUl'Opeun 
existentialism. Many college 
stugents turned to eastel'D 
rel igions and Marxism at this 
lime, accol'(iing to Saltmun. 

college students back rs ." He exp luined that 
religion, and newly or D is particularly suppor· 
religion particul <lrly." of religious exp ression 

Various Faiths Supplement Academics, Aid UCSD Social Life Saltman believes that the religions and philosophies of the 
'60s decreased "because (they) 
didn't have answers that were 
sustaining. Too many incon-
gruities cropped up. They were 
given promises, but the promises 
weren't delivered on, so people 
grew restless." 

By Kathy HuUer 
Senior Staff Wr iler 

In addition to providing a strongly 
academic community, UCSD offers 
students a variety o( organizations. 
Increased participation rates indicate u 
growing student interest in religiou Iy· 
aCfiliated organization . 

A brief look at several of the more active 
religious organizations reveals a wide 
cross-section of religious activities 
students can pursue at UCSD. 

Campus Crusade 
A "purely Christian" atmosphere is 

provided at Campus Crusade for Christ, 
according to student leader Leslie 
Lambert. 

"Our purpose is to share the Gospel with 
every student at UCSD," remarked 
Ca mpus Crusade member Caroline 
Anderson . "We want to be available to tell 
people about the Lord. " 

Many oC Campus Crusade's activities 
Cocus upon Biblical instruction und 
Christian studies, Ilccording to Lambert. 
Once a week, student-led Bible study 
groups meet. 

Leadership qUillities are encouraged 
through the organization's .. action 
groups" which teach members " how to 
praY,' Leach others, and study the Bible on 
their own," Ilccording to Anderson. 

Organization members "all go to 
different churches" and " most Christiun 
churches in the areu support us," said 
Anderson. 

Campus Crusude, which has existed 
here for six years, places a strong 
emphasis on its visibility within UCSD und 
recruitment of members. Participants 
sometimes confront students on campus to 
discuss the (unctions of their group, 
Lambert said . " Quite a (ew freshmen" 
join Campus Crusade, she said. 

Catholic Student Union 
Although the Catholic Student Union's 

responsibility is to the Catholic 
community," member Shelby Sullivan 
remarked, " we' re not formed a an 
alliance o · C(ltholics," He explained, 
"Catholici, isourbase.butwe' reopento 
other tradil ions." 

Student· l~d meetings are held weekly, 
which Sulli ,,In described as being " like a 
Bible stu dy, prayer stu dy . und 
discussion. ' 

In addition CSU seek "an identity ilt 
UCSD by - Ionsoring campus ilctivities 
such as mo Ii s and retreats, said Sullivun. 

Sullivan c mmented that ., ize hasn 't 
been an important issue" Cor the 
organizaticn j " We don' t recruit," he 
remarked , " because we 'd feel pushy." 

Calling University Lutheran Church "a 
ba e from which we operate," Sulliviln 
aid the organization is " very closely 

tled ... but independent" oC the church. 
UnIon of Jewish Sludents 

In its ixth year at UCSD, the Union of 
Jewish Student ( JS) integrat s 

politi cuI. cultural. social. intellectual, and 
religious aspects into its activities, 
according to UJS Chair Jeer Sokoloff. 

According to Sokoloff. UJS does not 
encourage its members to attend temple 
ervices or to pruy because "a lot of 

students haven' t been turned on by 
religious uspects." 

UJS does, however , sponsor Shabbut 
services every Friday. evening Which, 
Sokoloff said, includes u service, dinner 
and program. He remarked thut the 
Shabbats uttruct between 60 to 70 students 
each week and arc growing in campus 
populurity . 

In uddition to Shabbat , UJS is " the 
umbrella organizatinn" for several other 
organizations, according to Sokoloff. The 
I srael Action Committee " lets the cumpus 
know whut's going on in Israel, Camp 
David and the Mideast," he SOlid. 

Guest lectures , a concert series and the 
l'Chayim publicution ure ulso functions 
us ociuted with UJS. 

Although UJS does not actively recruit 
membel's, it seeks campus visibility of its 
activities. During Orientation Week, 
Sokoloff said. the group ets up "u big table 
with information" about UJS. In addition, 
he aid, tubles are set up on Revelle 
cam pus three times each week to offer 
students informution on vurious Jewish· 
related subjects. 

LaUer Day Saints 
Sun Diego is one of the world 's most 

successful cit ies in the growth of 
membership to the Church of Latter Day 
Saints, according to Bob Hunsen, a 
membe" of UCSD's Lutter Duy Saints 
(LDS) org'.lIlization. 

" We don't 'have all that many LDS 
students" at UCSD, remul'ked Han en . 
"But in the lust three yeurs we 've seen u 
real growth." 

Hansen dClicribed LDS us " 1iu'gely 
(Mo rmon) chuI'ch·centered." Although 
officially an AS-sponsored organiZLIlion, 
Hunsen suid, they do not use AS funds for 
the group's operutions. 

Much of LDS' <Jctivities ure centered 
within u small church-owned house f"lcing 
Muir cumpus . There , clas 'es or 
"in'litutes" arc h Id twiee ,I week "to 
offset 'ccondary education with a spiritual 
cducution," uccording to Han ·cn. 

LDS ul"o holds forums every other week. 
III which speakers and " highly socia l" 
acUvitie' ure sponsored, he sa id. 

At present. he g'lid. bctwel'n 30 and 40 
CSU students arc LOS members. Most 

members. Hansen udded, ul'e new to the 
Mormon Church. 

Tridt'nl Christinn Ft'llowship 
One of the largest religiously·afCilhlted 

organizations on campus is the Tl' idcnt 
Chri lian Jo'ellowship (TCF). an 
interdenominational group ultra(·t!ng 
between 70 to 80 students. 

According to student letlder John 
Hannah, th' ol'ganiZlllion functions for 

fellowship and "outreach" purposes and 
focuses upon "coping with the university 
environment. " 

Each week " action groups" meet for 
Bible study .md "emotional supporl," he 
aid. Composed of about five students, 

each action group also performs a 
different " duty" for the group, Hannuh 
added. 

"There's ,I feeling," he explained, "thut 
we arc culled to this campus to follow 
Jesus. GOd wants us here to be his 
l'Cpl'esentalives. " 

"Students are now feeling it includes the religious 
need for value systems unity within the university 
anchors," he remar ked. .. unity." 
theyarcatlractedbysomeo[ Bernie Campbell, a priest 
cults, feel more the Office of Religious 
with a rigid code, rs. believes that people will 
relieved to be reborn Ch join ,I religion because it 
Most of this is h<!ppening answers in a world where 
established Catholic, Jewish a re no real answers. 
Protest<lnt churches, " do need some kind of 

Armitage feel s that UCSD '" some kind of meaning 
not as touched by this n(lti m," su id Campbell. 
phenomena" because .. ding to Saltman, tod<lY's 
here <Ire intellectual, scienti· in religious interest of 

les Atkinson, a Presbyterian 
minister, has noticed a student 
increase in whut he calls the 
truditionul religious under· 
standing of marriuge: "commit· 
ment, caring, longevity, laking 
the other pel'son seriously, 

(Please turn to page 16) 

INTRAMURAL OF THE WEEK 

Team memben iadade: LiN Caneo, Sae 
Jablouki, Sa_n Ra.b, JaYDe BroMOD, Jaae 
Ohrbach, Lonnie Gur:alaick, Ken Clifton, KeD 
Habib, Jeff Darina, Mark Denzler 

"THE SHOES" 
Habib booted home all three goale laet 

aftemoon to lead the SHOES to an 
citing 3-2 "ictory over the GRASSPASSERS 
Coed AA Soccer action. The win clinched the 
aClliett'- Leagae championehip for the SHOES 

finiehed regular eeaeon-play with a 4-0-1 
ark. They take their Kahana Cap 

ttnlal1npiiolilellip hope. back to the WalTen-Weet 
thia Sunday morning againet URASIS 
.1I1I(A,~(JN i. fint-roand play-oft action. 

The Guardian page 9 

Voluntary Religious Groups. 

Baha'i', TM UCSD Sects 
By John Hondros The Ba hu 'j' faith has its roots in situation. " 

Assot'iolt' N('ws Edilor 19th century Persia , said Becoming u Baha'i ' is a 
In his book Religious Sects, Jeerers. " In 1853, Baha 'u 'llah simple decision-muking 

Bryan Wilson deCines "sects" received a revelation from proces, according to Jeerer . 
as voluntary religious God, telling him that he was People are informed through 
associations, set off from the 'him whom God hall make Bahu'i's, und can investig(lle 
dominunt religion oC a manifest' ." the faith "Cor (IS long orshorl as 
parlicul<lr society, that must During his life, Baha'u'llah they wunt," he explained. Once 
recruit Cor themselves and wrote 100 volumes" addres ed a person is able to say. "I 
accommodate the demands of a to the rulers of the earth, telling believe in Baha 'u' lIah," suid 
secular culture. them to unite and form a world Jeffers, he/she is u Baha 'i ' -

Two organizutions ut UCSD. peace," said Jeffers. "The "a purt of the new world 
which have churacterislics of a world rulers refused, <Jnd this is order. " Principle oC the new 
I'eligious sect are Baha 'i ' und why there has never been peace world order include elimination 
Transcendentlll Meditation, so Cur. " of ull prejudices, equality of 
according to UCSD Professor of According to Jeffers, the men and women and unity oC 
SOCiology Bennettu Jules· Baha'i' faith has no clergy, so science and religion . 
Rosette . "each Bah a'i' ha the "Not Like Religion" 

The Bahu'j' keep uctive on re ponsibility oC informing Transcendentul Meditation is 
cum pus, through people of the teachings of " not like religion," tlccording 
weekly fireside Baha 'u'lIah." The most to Gary Adel on. a teacher of 
sessio n s which important teuching is the TM . " There ure no sets of 
"provide students " unity of mankind." he said. documents, no filith involved or 
the opportunity to "The gr~a.t.est thing you can anything like th(lt." 
become more in- do is to go to unother country On the other hand, Jules· 
formed about (the und teuch about Baha'u ' lIah... Roselte believes TM fulls under 

as of now, I am an Economics WI' lson's category of a pI'ophell Bahu'u '-Il ah ilnd the majorandIwouldliketogotou Munipulutionist ect - "they 
Buha'i ' raith ." countrYinAfricaandhelpthe are u group (lttempling to 
uccording to J ay nation out economically , With change something in the world 
Jeffer ', u UCSD help through the teac~i ngs, . I of everyday life through 
Baha ' i ' lollowel' would ~se my skills In means, such as meditution, 

. economics to change the (Please turn to page 10) 

University Church 
. 'Speaks With Love' 

By Linda Pfeifer a relationship among three Christian 
StaUWril('r denominations - Episcopalian , 

"It is a pluce for u person to come and Catholic and lutheran," Huber calls this 
hear one's name spoken with love. You' re , relationship u "covenunt community." 

• nota number, You don't have to perform "We have reached a covenant 
There are no pass / fails." statement of agreement and raith," h 

This is how Futher Bernard Campbell. expluined. " Our next phase is to move 
UCSD's Catholic campus minister, into action, mission and worship a a 
de cribe University Lutheran Church. meuns of acquiring Christian unity," 
The cburch, located across from Revelle Huber estimated that approximately 
ca~lpus. ,a.tlracts Lutheran, Cutholic and 355 Catholic, Lutheran und Episcopul 
Eplscopulwn students, UCSD tudents attend service at the 

Univcrsity Lutheran Church W.I built 
in 1953 by a retired Navy chaplain, The 
year I<lter, the Lutherulls bought the 
churc h und sub equently tlllowed 

atholic and Epi copulians to worship 
there also. 

Th ' cllul'eh received its nume becau • 
"we were really uttempting a cumpu 
ministl'y," <.Iccording to ampbell. "und 
we wunted to indicate the focus of our 
univcrsi ty, " 

Be ause U SD i a public univer ity 
und cannot own a chur h, the University 
Lutherun Chur his independentund self· 
upporting. 
According to R , John Huber, 

Lutheran campu pastor at UCSD, 
University Lutheran Church spon 01' 
both denominational and interd nomi-
n/.llional tudent a tivilies. He /.lid the 
intt!rd nominational uctivities " develop 

University Lutheran Church. 
Huber also explaincd that th variou 

denominational activities <.Illow tudent 
to explore their own religion Cunh r 
while making new friend who hare 
common belief . 

Father Campbell remarked that th 
university quart I' ystem d mand 
intense tudying Crom tudents and often 
conflict with ial time at the church. 
"Th church is u mini·environment. " he 
explainl'd . "tudi i a m axi -
environment. ~ au e we are a mini-
environm nt it is h;,rd for us to develop 
more socially due to tudent tudying." 

Michael Evan ·I..ayng, a Christian 
Fellow hip t"nl , d t .... t 
be ide offering free counseling and 
advice, the church ha encourag d 
sludent pdrliciputlon in it activities anti 
encourtlg tudents ' need to 
" di over" themselv a individual 
and develop relation hip with other , 



n f,I ... 2, :le79 

- .. 

Prow : lIoii loa and Food 
, ServICes would control the fe.t, 

Lq8's I would call contract and let the revenue LUla criticizes .Jenkel's 
calling fOl' h1udenl ('ontrol Ql 
m .. chiocs in the centl'r, and has 
begun investigating the 
poltSibillty 01 separately ' 
<.'Otltra(.1Ing (or those machines 
in the Center, 

purl of the l'oOlmitWe budgel 
base. 

for a separ lion of vendilll (or thole machines on campus prDposal because of it 
machine coo cts between the territo,,), controlled by the contilllted. 1( partial, reUanee 

on Re,istrution Fee CuoiRl (or 

In other u<.1ion W t.odnesduy 
night, the AS Council: 
- re<.'Ommended that KSDT 
ac<.'Cpt advertising from the 
Navy. Though KSDT's execu~ 
tive boaJd hud voted against 
such funding, the Council W<lS 
asked to render un advisory 
opinion to the station. 

SmOking Controver&\y-. co~lece .overnments, Tbe compromise, she "SQs, allows 
no room Cor' 'stable fundiRl" of 

The Registration Fee 
Committee has indiC<lt<.'<i its 
displeasure ut being lert out 01 
the boycott. 

(Coada'" from pap 1) 
smoke when standing by open 
windows. so as not to 
contaminate the room, 

Most members oBhe Council 
say that is true, but those 
supporting the ban say it 
doesn't eliminate the health 
hazard. 

One (;oun<:ll smoker, who colle,e ,ovemmenta, and La,a 
declined to be id(!ntifit.'Ct, N<lid say. that the administration 
that the cigar smokers did it h~ a hiatory of a.reer: 
"just , ~cause th(!y 1000t I~st ~:::'k~a:':n::~e~s 
week, .and, while <.'O~c<.'CtI.ng Jenkel says he supports the 
that they had made their pomt principle or Laga's proposal, 
against smoking, S<lys " .. II the but argues that the adminiB-
smokt.'r!I will still go to the trlltion will never accept 
windows .and smoke at the se pa ra te con t ra ct s r 0 r 

In a letter to Laga. Kenzie 
Nkoll, committee chair, said 
that the boycott was an action 
that should have been taken 
with at least 80me lWnsultation 
with the Registration Fee 
Committee, 

The financiul condition or the 
station was the chief reason for 
the approval. Jl'nkel told the 
Council thut if "a KSDT P<lrt 
were- to break down, we 
couldn't uICord to replace it. " 

So, with the issue unresohied, 
rour Council members 
Wednesd<lY entered the 
Conference Room and cere-
moniously lit cigurs, then 
smoked them throughout the 
meeting. After a half an hour, 
the Council was a swamp of 
cigar moke, and the ventil<l-
lion system. which drowns out 
ull but the hardiest speakers, 
wus whirring overhe .. d, 

meetingll." machines, Nicoll also said yesterday 
that he saw "00 problem" with 
the Jenkel proposa I, and said he 
thought the Registration Fee 
Committee would be <lble to 
fund college governments with 
no dilliculty once they become 

An umendment by Revelle 
Representutive Brad Drexler 
to urge KSDT not to ac(.'Cptlhe 
money, as well .. s a motion to 
reSCind the recommendation to 
accept the contract, were 
nUl'I'owly defcuted, 

Legal scrvkcs says smoking 
in any cnl'losed I)ublic meeting 
pl<lt'C is illegal. but that unless 
their are no smoking signs 
posted . enforccmcnt is 
difficult, or even impossiblc. 

Until su(:h a sign is posted, if 
thi.ll is ever done, the Council 
willlikelyellntinuc loopcrate in 
.1 eloud<.od roolll . 

~ ~\t< FLOWER CINEMA S '\ NORTh COUNTY. SAN OIfGO ( 755-.\512 27~70 
1-,s&VIo De 10 Vo6l 

Gen ... ol Ad mi .. ion SJ.OO 
Stvdenls with Flower Hill POlS $2 .50 

The Great Train Robbery 
Evenings 5:20. 7:30 and 9:«1 
Sot & Sun Motin_ 1:10ond 3:15 

......... 

UVE IN OONCERI' 
~.., 
IP£QALEVDfT~ 

CI ...,. ..a&L IVIWI' lNi EN I! t ALL __ 

evenings 6:20. 8:00 ond 9:«1 
Fri & Sat also 01 11:30 pm 
Sat & Sun Matine .. 1: 20. 3:00 

and 4:«1 

Evenings 6:10 and 8:30 
Fri & Sat olso 01 10:50 pm 

@1979T_c-ury.Iu Sal & Sun Matine .. 1:45 and 4:00 

STARTS FRtOAY EXCLUSIVELY AT 

FLOWER CINEMA 3 

I ~ I 'd 

.. U ~11 pr ..:m A !4lllAAO ElKIN$-STEVE BlAUNER 
PROOUCTION OF RICHARD PR'I'OR LIvE IN ~ERT 

ProcIuced by DEL JACK _ J, MARK TRAVIS 
E.c.autJve ~ SAUL BARNETT, DINc:ted by JEFF MARGOLIS 

A SEE n..tre NMwaftI Praduc:tIan 
In AaIOCiIItian WIIt1 COMPIIC'r YIOEO SYSTEMS. INC. 

........ by SPECIAL EVENT ENTERTAINMENT 
'~~T ..... -.-..:011_1I00I fll[COIIOS.....,T~. I 

.ttrttl'lQMlhtIrI'~""" ............... 

Evenings - 6 :20·8:00·9:40 
Fri & Sat - 11:30 pm 
Sot & Sun Matinee - 1 :20-3:00-4:40 

The Student Center oom'd 
and Registrdtion Fee Commit-
tee have joined the vendin, 
machine Iray as well . . 

The Student Cent4'r Board 
' has approved a resolution 

TM Technique is Not ~ew 
(;onlillut'd from pag<' 9) 
th<lt are non-ordinary." The 
end result of TM, she said, "is 
reduced tension and il better 
life, so it clwnges things that 
<lI'e in the world." 

Accol'ding to Jules-RosellI:!, 
the appcaling element of 
religious sects such as TM is 
that "they promote something 
that is immedi<lte ," 

Including Adelson, who is 
medical doctor at University 
Hospilul. there are five 
teachers of TM <It UCSD -two 
students, one faculty and one 
staff member. L<lst year, there 
wus u medit<llion center in the 
Studen.! Center. according to 
Murietta Williums, student 
organizations St!cretary. She 
suid the center's space wus not 
realloc<lted this year, " because 
it w<lsn't used that much." 
Presently . TM keeps <lctive at 
co lleges "through giving 

lectures," said Adelson, 
Adelson described TM as "a 

mental technique which allows 
one to uchie\'l' u unique, but 
fund<lmenta I, state of physi-
ology," This state involves the 
consciousness of both " the 
sleeping and waking st<ltes -
you have the restfulness of 
sleep. but the alertness of being 
<lw<lke," he said. 

This state is often referred to 
as the fourth (as opposed to the 
three altered sta tes of 
co nscio usness: waking , 
sleeping and dreaming) or 
" pure" stale of consciousness, 
Adelson expl<lined. " This is a 
consciousness by itself. which 
dllows the nervous system to 
maintain <It <III times," From 
the " pure" sUite, one can enter 
a "t'Osmic," 01' "all inclusive, " 
state of consciousness, he said. 

The technique of TM is not 
new. according to Adelson. 

" TM hud an efft.'<:t on my 
student lifestyle in college. I 
definitely think I had .. lot of 
positive bencfits from it; I was 
wry dficient in my way of 
'Iudy ... and w .. s able to achieve 

.. high Ic\'cl of perforlllance." 

" TM is an ancient technique 
(taught 5,000' years agol under 
the safekeeping of <I pal'tieulilr 
Iincage of Masters, who have 
thei I' rool.s in India," 

Adelson remarked that TM 
brings about vel'Y pragmatic 
mental improvements, such ilS 
an inel'e<lse ir, mental function 
.. nd abstract thought. TM 
gencrales the ilbility to be 
" more together," which in turn 
affects " the way you J)Crceive 
the world und the way you 
think," he said. 

· ... ve been meditliling lor 12 
years: I slUrtcd as .. senior in 
high school." said Adelson. 

"Full of eccentric imagination and real passion, , . 
When it is right, it is superb ." -CANBY, N.Y. TIMES 

"Callas becomes an instant film star . .. we found ourselves 
reveling iIPthe tremendous visual power."-CARROLl, DAllY NEWS 

"One of the year's 10 best."-GOODWlN, ROLLING STONE 
"The film is a triumph ."-ZlMMERMAN, NEWSWEEK 

"Callas brings the superb maternal monster to stunning 
and bloody life."-STOCK, NEW YORK-MAGAZINE 

"Most visually stunning, , . presents Callas in an 
impressive dramatic debut."-ROCK,.WOMEN'S WEAR DAllY 

"A supreme dramatic achievement , . , the film will rank as 
a rare work of cinema art:"-GENET, NEW YORKER 

"Pasolini's best , , ,Callas is incredible , . ,a world of magic, 
an unforgettable experience,"-DREW, GANNET NEWS SERVICE 

Maria Callas'first dramatic movie. 
Directed by PIer Paolo Pctsolini. 

'" Evro Inle",oloonol f"m ,n color from New l.ne C_mo, 
Tun.y, M ... ch 8, 7:00 pm. USB 2722 

$2,00 UCSD stu den.. $2,50 non-studen .. 

Fri., M.-ch 2, 1171 

By David Howe 
" w e're the bigge t 

underground band 
there is ," suid Bilrry 
Goodreau. guitarist 

and ba ck- up vocalist for 
Boston. as he picked at his 
dinner plate after the group's 
performance Mond<lY night at 
the Sports Arena . "We've got 
something that sells and our 
music is going to st<lY busically 
the same, We'd be fools if we 
tried to change it. ·· 

Boston is probably the most 
commerci<ll of hard rockers in 
the busines toduy . Every ong 
they play seems ca refully 
constructed , nleusurc by 
measure, as if they were sweets 
from u confectionery, 

For this reason Boston is the 

current king of "Ca ndy Store 
Rock," <I tcrm I use to describe 
performers who PI' ent their 
goods in carefully arranged. 
thriftily-weighed packages . 
The contents are hurriedly 
gobbled by <I sweet-toothed 
aUdience, but oon left on the 
heH by the s<lme audience in 

search of tangier sweets , 
Candy-coated as they Ul'e, 

Boston is currently on top, their 
appeal widespread. " Our music 
c<ln be taken very cusually ," 
remarked Bo ton drummer Sib 
Ha hi<ln . "We pre ent an 
orche trated concert people 
c<ln sit back ilnd enjoy." 

" Our songs are written to be 
pl<lyed live, that's the real 
test ." Goodreau ildded with an 
ilir of 'elr-assuredne s thilt 

Mira Mesa Cinemas. 8118 Mira Mesa Bl vd. 
(566-1912) 
Theatel' 1: Death on the Nile 
Th ater 2: Interiors and Slow Dancing in the 
Big City 

Theater 3: Lord or th e Rin gs 
Th '<It 'I' 4: Paradi se Alley and MacArthur 

nivt'rsily Town' Cenln' 6. -1 ,525 La Jollu 
Village Drive (452-7766) 
Thc .. ter 'l : Every Which Way But Loose 
Theater 2: Lo rd of Ih Ring ' 
Theater 3: Fast Brea k 
Theater 4: lI e<lven Ca n \V .Iil 
Theater 5: Ic Castles 
Theater 6: Take Down 

Clive . 7730 Girilrd , La Jolla H,5!l-fI4U4) 
In Pnlise of Oldcr Women 

The Gu.rdlan 

bothel'ed me . eeing a Boston 
performancc is a lot like 
watching .1 late night Don 
Kirshner" Rock Concert. The 
b<lnd is seen. The musie is 
heard . But the feeling is 
missing . Closing the gilp 
between the stilge .lOd the 
audience is a ch<lllenge for 
most performers - Boston 
seems to be oblivious to the 
existence of sueh 11 problem. 

Although communion with 
the Ii tenel' rem<l ins a frontier 
for Boston . their tilge act WilS 
ut le .. st poli shed. Rely ing 
heavily upon distortion , 
sy nth e' izer s and s p ec i <l l 
effects. the group electrified 
the audienec with rendiitons of 
" Peace of Mind ." " Rock and 
Roll Band." " Pilrly Tonight." 

" Don't Look Back" and jusl 
aboul evcl'y other song from 
both Boston album '. 

Li s tening to Bo ston 's 
repcrtoil'e , gro ss ly ove r -
umplificd as it was, I W;'I 
curious <I S 10 who might have 
influenccd their distinct st\'le of 
musil', Talking 'to them 'il fter 
the con cert . Hushiilll und 
Goodreau told me that Boston's 
I l'a d g uil ari s t and so l e 
songwri ter Tom <:hullz hud 
bl'en li : len i ng t o a few 
songwr it er s of till' l ate ixties. 
but ig n o r ed m Ol' l w he n 
innol'ill ing Ihe distinguished 
Boslon sound, " Tommy really 
doesn' t Ii.,ten to m ilny other 
musi 'ian s," Bashian boasted 
while looking across th e table 

page 11 

at a gl'inning Goodreau , "but if 
unvonc ha ' infl uenced h i,' 
sOI;gw riting it wou ld ha\'l' to be 
Joe \ alsh ilnd the James 
Gililg. " 

Hegardlcss of who Illay have 
i nflucn l.'c d Sc h u l tz . h is 
songwriting eapabil i ty seems 
to be the mai nstay of the 
g r oup 's success. But it " 
re mark ablc tha I the group 
churns out as many top 40 hi's 
as they do considering thl'Y are 
out touring fo r iI ~'c .. r at a timl', 
" Wc' \'c bl'l 'n on the I"(Kld sincc 
laIc Augusl Wid wc' lI finis h thc 
tou r in Jul\" ." sili d Hashian 
a/'t cr orde l:ing iI bott le or 
vin l agc rosc from the waitress. 
" I t's nu '·ilt'a t ion. but wc' re 
making uu r mun ',\', " 

I\('n, 406 1 Adam Ave. (28:1-5909) 
T h ' I [ill'dcr The\' Comc and t ... rdusl. 3/ 2 and 3 

The Lion in' \ intcr ililel F,II' frol11 th 
l\1addi ng Crowd, 314 and ti 
1900, 317 and 8 

Stall' , HI:.! EI Cajon Blvd. (28-1· 14l8) 
The WillTio rs and The Oullaw Jo::.e~' W ~IIl'S 

Halhoa, -Il h ~lIld E (231-,1326) 
The \Val'riOl'~ , Bollerba" . and Sllpl'r ll~' 

(;abrillll . 329 PI"za (239-8719) 
Paradise Alle.\ . Blue ('ollar and Ira\l Dog" 

'4' nll'r :1 C illt'1113S , 2t20 ' .. Imino d ' I Hio :--Iorth 
(2f'7· 11I~8) 
T healcr 1. ~l o\'ie Movie 
Theatcr 2: The BI'i nk 's Job and The Big FI:\ 
Theiltl'r 3: Fast Brcil k 

Fine Art 1818 Gal'nct , Padfic Beach 
(274-4000) 

A cene from "Day of Heaven" now showing 
at Valley Circle Thl'al re, 

Fashiun VallI'.' -I , ) 10 Filshion\' illley (291 --I-IO-l) 
Thl'al l'1' I : Saml' T im " :-.Iext ","eill' 
ThC,ll er 2: ame Timc. Ne:o.l Ye;II' 

aliforn ia uite Monty PythOl l and the Holy Grail. 3/ 3 
midnight 

Loma. 3150 Rose 'rans (224-3344) 
Superman 

porlS Arena Sixplt·x , 3350 POl'lS Arcn ... Blvd. 
(223-5333) 
Theater 1: [n Praise of Older Women 
Theuler 2: T .. ke Down, 
Theuter 3: lee .Istles 
The ... ter 4: Heaven C<l n Wait 
Theuter 5: Evcry Which Way Bu~ Loo 'e 
Theater 6: The Warriors 

Unil'Orn , 7454 Li.1 JolI... Blvd.. La Jolla 
(459-4341) 
Bombay T .. lkie und Shootlhe Piano Ph,yer. 
through 3/ 6 

ModeI'll Times, 317 

SIrand , 4950 eWJ)OI't , Oce.m Beach (223-3 141) 
Playgrounds in Paradi c. through 3/ 3 
One Flew Over lhe Cuckoo's 'est , lI1d The 

Last Detail , 3/ -1 
Annie Hall and Lo ve and De .. th. 3/ 5 and 6 
The Manitou. ighl of the ~iving Dead, and 

uspiri i.l. 317 and 8 
Cin4'rama, ,5889 niver ily Av ' . (583·6201) 

Hurdcore 
Collt'gl' , 6303 EI ajon Blvd. (286-1455) 

Theater 1: Quintet 
Theater 2: In Prai of Old I' Women 
Theater 3: Rich<ll'd Pryor 
Theater 4 : The Gre,lt Train Rubbery 

(juild, 3827 51h. lI ilkl'eSI (295-2000) 
Autumn Sonata 
Nigh' or the Living Dead, 312 midnight 
Eraserhcud, 3/3 midnight 

Thcater 3 : 
Theater -I : alion." Lampoon 's Ar,imal 
Housc 

Vallt',I' Cirt'lt' , Mission Va lley enter West · 
1297·393 11 
Days 01 IIc;ll'en 

'int'IlHl Plaza Theall"(' 5. 2565 EI Ca mino Real. 
,II' lsb"d (729-7147) 
Thealer I : Superman 
Theilter 2: Th ' Great Tl'ain f\obb 'ry 
Theal ' I' 3: T"ke Down 
Theater 4 : Same Time, e t Yeu r 
Theatcl' 5 : The orth vcnu 11'1' uli.lr 

Vim'.ral'd Twin tint'mas, 1529-22 East \i alley 
Park\I'iI~', fo:sl.'ondido (743- 1222) 
Thl'lI ter 1: Jo' a 't I n'"k 
Thclll ' I' 2: TIll' Brink's ,Job 



.... 11 

THE FUNNIEST 
NER OF THE YEARI 

COLUMBIA PICTURES PIlESElITS 
A STEPHEN FRIEDMAN I KINGS ROAD PflOOOCIKlN 

GABRln KAPUN ~ fAST BRlAK 
ASSOCIAI£ PAOOUClR EXECUTIVE PAOOUClR 

JACK GROSSBERG· GERALD FRANKEL 
SC!'EENPlAY BY SIORY BY 

SANDOR STERN· MARC KAPLAN 
OORECIED BY PAOOUClO BY 

JACK SMIGHT . STEPHEN FRIEDMAN 
MUSIC BY 

DAVID SHIRE AND JAMES Di PASQUALE 
IPGI-Il---1 ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK ON A _ .. ___ • ..,.-.._~ MOTOWN RECORDS AND TAPES ~ 

C 1979 ColumN PICtU!'" IMus"" Inc I READ THE BALLANTINE PAPERBACK I P k 
ar way 

~~~~ 3 .2ND WEEKI 
12:30. 2:30. " P~ ___ " 
4:15. 6:15. Parkway ~ 
8:15. 10:15 -,:m..;:- I: .... ~_: ... = ... :. =';' ''~.:' 71OO;: 
UTe Times: m MANH fI-llA'RES .. 
12:45.3:05. UNURSITV=:J 
5:30. 7:35. CfNTWf 452-7* 
10:15 .... " ............. 

Wed,~Sur, .• Feb. 28- Mar. 4 

*EARL "FATHA" HINES 
Tues. Mar. 8 (one night onlv) 

* PAPA JOHN CREACH 
and 

*DAN HICKS 
F".-Sun ., Mar. 9-11 

An evening of comedv with 

*JAMIE FARR 
("Klinger" from M.A.S.H.) 

and special guests Alpen & Sheene 
Acoustic vocal comedy duo. 

with M,e . Larry Himmel 
Thurs.- Sun., Mar. 15-18 

.. -FREDDIE HUBBARD 

, 

fri.-Sun. Mar. 23- 25 
The 

* CRUSADERS 
with Joe Sample 

Thul s,-Sun .. Mal 29- ApI I 

~ HUGH MASEKELA 

Times: 
12:30. 2:30. 
4:30.6:30. 
8:30. 10:30 
Frontier 
Co-Hit: 
"Thank God 
It's Friday!" 
Open 6:30 

~t~"'"~'·~t1 AT~ 
HOTEL & RESTAURANT 

The Guardian Fri., March 2, 1979 

Arts 

.New Wave Needs Home 
Punk, Reggae, Rockabilly Shuffled Around 

inding a pel'llli.tlh':llI F establishmcnt to . housc altcrnativc 
rock "n~1 1'011 in San 

no\\' being done as well as 
origin,11 works by the groups 
taking on this style. New Wave. 
punk, regg:le and rockabilly 
arc categories you just don't 
find in disco~ or clubs in the San 
Diego area. It s cult calls it "110 

f1a~h music ." Their raw 
appreciation is eXIHessed 
through such dancing tech-
niques as hurling each other, 
head banging, 01' junwing :ll1d 

lyrics as " I don't wanna go lo 
school. .. I don't wanna brush 
my teeth ".1 just wanna die." 
Other subjects covered were 
boss hatred and disco disgust. 
After these bands the 
Penetrators seemed more 
rockabilly than punk. They do 
put on an energizing show, 
especially doing old Stooges 
songs as well as many of their 
own, With the Penetrators the 

Diego has bCeolllC a' game of 
che<:I<CI'S (or promotcrs Tom 
Griswald and Mikal Toombs. 
Previously Griswalel. Toombs 
and theiJ: co-workers had a 
club, Abbcy HO(ld , booked 
Monday nights for thiS type of 
" no frills" musk, basically 
New Wave oriented, Finding 
Monday bookings and the 
atmosl-'here of the club too 
disco und "shlock," Toomb~ 
and Grisw<Jld searched San 
Diego for a pla<:c that would be 
secluded enough from noise 
disturbance coml-'Iainls und 
che<JJ) enough to rent on 
weekends. They found Glori-
etta B,IY Park. where the 
excess musiC- cou Id drift over 
the bay . However, the hope of 
m<Jintaining the facilities long-
IeI'm shattered Wednesday 
when even the trial period 
cont ra<:l W<JS cancelled. 

" ... they watched a girl in the corner 
beating a cheese grater over her head 
during intermission." 

The bare stage and dance 
floor dWE'lling canw alive last 

shaking you rself in every 
direction. 

Some came Saturday with 
the intention of participation, 
while many others c"lIne with 
their spectator glasses on, and 
a few jerks brought eggs. This 
seems to be the l'esult of heavy 
I)ublicity. Whatever the reason , 
the pl"lce was I-'acked to see or 
gawk at the Penetrators. But 
the other two groups were not 
just time-fi llp-I's. Tht' Stann-

" ... such dancing techniques as hurling 
each other, head banging, or jumping 
and shaking yourself. .. " 
Suturday night. The stage 10l' 
children's the,lter was taken 
over by the Stand-bys, the 
Snuils and the main event, the 
Penetrators . Though this 
particular show wus .New 
Wave-Punk, the promotel's ' 
plans were to line up bands the 
sponsOl-S refel- to as ones with 
" rock and roll roots." which 
included reggae and rocka-
billy , If "rockabilly" is a new 
term to you , it combines the 
essence of late 50s rock and 1'011 
(Eddie Coc hl'a n) with a 
hillbilly tinge. Old songs that 
were never exposed much ure 

the Plebian 

by's first public performance 
was very good, They did great 
imitations of Sex Pi stols and 
The Clash songs. The lead 
singer and rhythm guitm'ist 
looked like they were lured out 
of La Jolla High S<:hool by the 
drummer und bussist. Though 
buby-fuced, the lead singer had 
that unarchist bil in his voice. 
The Snails were more show as 
the lead guitarist and singer 
came out in while fl'amed 
plasti c su ngla sses and ;1 
shocking rcd coat with 
1'0\':11 blue "ants , This 
group"s songs contained such 

Contemporary Jewelry 
Gold and Silver Repairs 

Engraving 

834 kline street 
u JolI~, CA 454-1888 

Engineering & Computer Science Majors 

DONT MISS TALKING 
TO THE HUGHES 

RECRUITER VlSmNG 
YOUR CAMPUS SOON. 

Contact your placement office 
for Interview dates. 

, .. _-----._-_ .. _---, 
, I 

: HUGHES : 
I , 

~------------------~ 0.,... ___ .. _ . 
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPlOYER M IF 

dance floor tripled in size, 
Bodies were going up and down 
like superballs. I'm sure these 
were new arrivals and not the 
same pectators that found 
security in The Rolling Stones 
that played over the PA ystem 
us they watched a girl in the 
corner beating a cheese grater 
over her head during intermis-
sioll . 

The dancers were the most 
varied I've ever seen on the 
samc floor. It was by no means 
the <I vcr,lge punk s<:ene of 
sa rety pi ns and dog colla rs, 
though simulated blood stain' 
did uppeur on one shirt. The 
individuuls here seemed to be 
of a closet breed. Perhaps they 
were more into theesscnce and 
not the fad of this hedonistic 
music. They came with 
sunglasses the best 29¢ will buy 
or the cheapest in Foster 
Grants. Fa::;hions were black ' 
leopard , leather, the finest 
Co n tt' III po (; as u a Ish as , 
including the spike heels. A 
flannel shirt on one guy looked 
like it was made out of 
homemade strip bandages by 
the 4th dan<:e, Everyone was 
enjoying themseh'es, It's the 
rure opportunity you can be as 
aggressive as you want ann not 
offend anyune. It's that nervous 
energy relcase that can 1.',1 ily 
become violence if stored too 
long. 0 one got hurt. not even 
the guy that got up on stage and 
fl ew into the crowd , The only ill 
fcelings were toward a group of 
be"lch t ypes th"lt snuf.:k in their 
beer and found it amusing to 
throw 1l0lHlware persons intu 
the crowd or hurl a fcmale with 
all their might. The majority 
were not there to satisfy their 
musical tasle , but ' their 
cu riosity . 

The sponsors a 1'1.' not out to 
mukl' il profit and wish th"lt 
only the dedi<:,ltcd come to end 
this high school parking lot 
beha viol'. Maybe then a home 
for alt.erna1ivc -music <:an be 
(ound, (;riswald and Toombs 
are trying to fulfill their wishor 
making this " no frills lllusic" 
accessible to those in SiIllDiego 
who seek it. lJ n ti I a ncw lead 
develops into anot hel' salis-
f(l<:lol-Y location, they will kL'Cl) 
busy publishing the music 
magazine. Suhstituh' . Thc 
articles emphasize locul 
underground b'lIld.. :mel S,m' 
Dicgo con ·CI·tS . ntil the 
owners of these establishments 
gct ol'cr their iIJJp:l ren\ 
pilrilllOi;I, filllS will hal'c tu 
w,lit. 11100'C or IJClgO in tlH' 
pril'aey of hom's . Mcanwhile. 
it 's Tom ;1Ilt! Mik:Il's IWXI I1101'l' 
011 Ih\' dH'l' ' \ ' 1' i)o'lrd . 

Fri., March 2, 1979 

Arts 

/ 
Alan Aida (below) and Ellen Burstyn in ascenc(rom 'Same Time, 
Next Year' now showing at Fashion Valley Four Theatre. 

'Same Time, Next Year' 
-Love Conquers All 
In Sentimental Portrait 

By Lynette Tom 
Senior Slaff Writ:>" 

T he impact 01 Ul1Iver-sal's Same Time, Next Year is analo: 
gous to that of 

drinking a cup of hot chocolate 
on u cold duy. The mm 
possesses u warmth that is 
savored slowly and leaves the 
viewers feeling good all over. 

'Bernard Slade ' s screen 
version of his once-a-year-for-
26-years love affa ir between 

ew Jer ey accountant Georg 
und Californi a housewife Doris 
has a degree of sentimentality 
and sensitivity which refruins 
f.-om I'esorling to the maudlin 
and melodramatic, As thestol'Y 
unfolds and del'elops within a 
format of six vignettes. so too 
do the churucters. This olTers 
the vicwers a new and different 
perspective of the couple' 
changing altitudes towards 
lhemselves, euch other and the 
world around them. The black 
and white sti ll montages 
highlighting the five -yeur 
period which eparate each 
vignctte arc a better method 
creatively u nd otherwise Uwn a 
direct dissolve and an 
enhancement to the now of the 
movie. 

Alan Aida seems to be tailor 
made for his .-ole as George. He 
slip ' easily and effortlessly inlo 
the character's transitions 
from an insecure CPA, to an 
assertive real estate salesman. 
to a materialistic business 
manager, to Uf\ identity -
conscious piano pl<Jyer, to a 

CHARTERS TO EUP.OPE 
from $480 roundtrip 

conservative college professor, 
The sume can be said of Ellen 
Burstyn in her portruyal of 
Doris . She recreates her 
Broudway performance with 
the same Tony-winning 
qU<:tlities , whether the 
character be a dense home-
maker, a model hostess, a high 
school drop-in. u middle-aged 
rudicul. u competent business 
womun . or a dutiful spou e. 

Same Time, Next Year take 
on the lighter aspects of the 
immoralily known as adultery. 
The re ults a re a complucent, 
sometimes comicul. portl'ait of 
two people very much in love 
us well as a reaffirmation of the 
famed quotation , ,. Love 
conquers all. " 

Around 
Town 

Sound and Silence: The Paul 
Winter Consort, a brilli ant 
ensemble of musicians who 
combine lraditional folk music, 
clas ical und jazz form into 
an enticing whole, will play in 
the Mandeville Auditorium 
Frid<JY, MClrch 10, at 8 pm. With 
the Consort will be mime arli t 
Keith Berger . Tick ts are $4 for 
UCSD sludents with valid ID 
und $5 for the geneml public. 
available at the Stude:lt Center 
Box Office. Cull 452-4559 for 
more information. 

CHARTERS TO NEW YORK 
fOf $9Q 

The Guardian 

Tuesday, March 6 
11:50 am 
Revelle Plaza 

page 13 

A rousing contemporary 
comedy in the Medie'll'OII style 

Presented by 
lOlmb's Players' SI reef TheOltre 

)?V~?V~7VY?VY?V~7~~?V~?V~?V~?V~?V~?~ 
~ ~ 
~ For Calculator Software ~ ~ ~ 
~ ( 
) ~ ~ Check your ~ 

~ A.C.E. Deparlment ~ 
~ First. ~ ~ ~ 
· ( ) ~ 
: Texas Instruments Accessories ~ 
) ~ 

~ ~ 
~ BATTERY PACKS < 
) WORKS ON THE FOLLOWING MACHINES: RETAIL ~ 

~ BP-1A 50. 50A. 51. 51A. 56, 52. 58, 59 (use WIth 9130) ...•......... .. 9 95 ~ 
• BP-2 2550- 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .......... 5.95 ( 

BP-3 2550-111 ............ , . , ... ,', ... ,',................ 3.95 
, BP-5 Old TI -30. 40. Money Manager, BUSiness Analyst (use wilh 9131 ) . . 9.95 ~ 

~ BP-6 51-11.57 ........ , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6.95 ~ 
~ BP-7 MBA, 55 (use with 9132) . .. ... . ............. , .. ,..... 99.9595 < 
) BP-8 .... Tl-30. 40, Money Manager. Business Analyst . , . . ..... , . . . ~ 

: A.DAPTERS AND CHARGERS ~ 
) 9130 SR-16, 50, SOA. 51 , 51A. 56. 52, 2550-11 ............... , . , . . . 8 ,95 ~ 

9130A Inlerchangeable with 9130 .... .. ... .. ........ . . , . . . . . . . . 8.95 ~ 9131 1600. 1650. 1680, Old Tl-3O. 40, 51 - II. Business Analysl. 57 . 58, 59 . 5 95 ~ 
~ 9132 N •• TI-30. 40, Money Manager. Business Analyst. (anythrng < 
) 9170 ~~~k;~:;e~K-~~ .. M~A •. 5~, .~ro~~a.~~er. : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : ~ .: ~ 
~ 9171 5100 Adapter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 .95 ~ 
~ PC-5040 Power cord for 5040 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 .95 < 

9130 SW 120/240 volt to be used on all models tak ing 9130 or 9130A . . . . . . 12.95 ~ ~ 9180 TI-1200 sertes. TI,1000 series ..................... . .... . 5 95 ~ 
~) , RK- l ~:n:;-~:nna~~;~I . ~se~. ~~ ~'~ ~' . ~o, .Bu~'.n.es~ A.n~IY~t,. . . . . . . . 9.95 ~ 

RK-2 Is a BP-8 and 9132 used on ~. 30. 40. BUSiness Analyst, ~ 
~ Money Manager ............ . .................... , . . , 10.95 ~ 
~ ( 
) THERMAL PAPER ~ 
~ TP-20225 5050. 5040, 5015 (24 pkg. In 8 case) ... , . , • , . , .. , . . . . . . . . . . 1 99 ~ 
~ Tp·27225 5040 only (10 pkg in a case) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3.99 ( 
) TP- l030265' PC-100. PC- looA (12 pkg. in a case) . .• .. .. •. . , ..•.. ,..... 10.95 ~ 

~ ~ 
.. CASES ( 
) CC-3OA Cases (suede. denim or corduroy) .. , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 95 ~ 

~ Cc-soo Case for 40, 50A, 51A , , . . , . , . .......... , ...• , , . , . , , . , , 4.95 ~ 

· ~ ) ACCESSORIES FOR TI-57. sa • 59 ~ t BC-59 Blank Magnetic Cards for TI-59 ...• ' .............•..... , . . 15.00 ~ 
,... PAD-57 Program Record Forms for TI-57 . , , .. , . , . , , , ... , , , , , , , . , , 2.00 < 

PAD-58/59 Program Record Forms for TI-58 & TI -59 .... , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2.00 
) AVLIB-58/59 Aviation Library .. , . .. . , ... , .... .. .. .. , .......... , .. , 35.00 ~ 
~ NAVUB-58/59 Navigation Library ............ , . •... ,',.,............ 35.00 ~ 

AUSTRAliA 
from )515 roundtrip 

• RELIB-S8/59 Real Estate & financial Library .. " ...... , "" •.. , .•• ,... 35.00 ( 

~ STATUB-58/59 Applied SIalisJics Library ........................... ". 35.00 ~ ~ SURVUB-58/59 Survey Library , , . , .. , , . , .. , .. . , , , , , ...... ..... , .. , , . 35.00 ~ ----------------::::Q ......... ~ STARTPACK S8/59Softwar. Sla".r Pack .......... ......... . .... , . . . . . . . . 205.00 ~ Includes: 1-SURVUB, I-REUB. 1-AVLlB. 1-STATUB, l-NAVLlB, DEE '11IA VEL 2 pkg. of 40 blank cards 
Is here t._ keel_ die CNMIt duWII... ) ~ 
Mon-Th .... 9:30 to l.e:3O ~ ~ 

(2) Writing Adjunct Ctasses: Tuesday & Thursday -- 11:00 am 
(4) Revelle Assignment Brainstorms will be ollered in small group classes 
by Professor: 
Chodorow - lIB - Monday 9:00 am Jackson - 126 - Thursday 9:00 am 
Wllrtdv - lIB - Tuesday 9:00 am Pippin - 128 ,- Friday 9:00 am 
(1) Upper DiviSion Writing Adjunct: Wednesday to:OO am 
Regularly scheduled conferences are available every alter noon from 
12:»4:00 pm and can be signed up lor In the OASIS Writing Center. 
Drop-Ins are generally available by making an appointment on the day 01 
the drop-in either by phone or sign up sheet at the Center. 
First come lirst serve drop-in hours are. 
Monday 1-4 pm Tuesday 9-12 noon Fllday t-4 pm 
' ... _1 ......... 1 •••••••• 

t . .. _. ___ _ _____ _ 

~ If ifs current and we don't have it. . . ~ 
• we can get it! < 

f ~ ~ UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE ~ 
~ < ~ A"'~"f MH c •• ,.IEIectroMa"c .... ,A 38 ~ ~ ~ ( 
AL&AL&AA&AL&ALAALAALAALAALAAL&AA&~A& 



..... 1. The Ou.,dtan Frio, M.-ch 2, 1179 

Budweise 

"." .. ' . ' . .. , '. . . 

Frl., March 2, 1979 

WHY IS EVERYONe TALKING 
ABOUT THE ONLY TRUE 

HEAL TH FAST-FOOD 
RESTAURANT IN 

SAN DIEGO? 
Because we have the most 
delicious natural 
• sandwiches 
• salads 
o quiche 
• soups 
• and great soft-frozen yogurtl 

SPORTS ARENA VILLAGE 
3750 Sports Arena Blvd. 1113 

phone orders 222-0072 
next to Wt\8f'ehouee and 

Tower Records 

soc off for UCSD sludenls 
on Ihe purchasP of any platter. 

BRING YOUR ID 
_ •• pi .... 3-9-79 

Tootsie. hU9s and kiues, kMeS, kilses to "'y 
lo.erlll"nn'" and Ardvorb fore..,ef. Your Min 
P -~.f.rrob for 3rd CoIe9o . :A .. pooition '79-'11) 
or. ""'"' av ........ Stu ...... Employmont 210 
AC. 
NAOAll- I am IOfry if that ~cnt meMO" wen a 
bit ",.do. I just _nted to lot you know ...... 
s.omeone QUi there cores 'Of "au Q "'"' deeI, 
.ye n if that ......... CW'I be a bit .tntnee Of 
rim ... So ..... ·t ... lao upoet - 1 _nt _ . 
Hov. a _ cloy. ~ _ friend. P.W. 
HA' HAl (n." _ Isfr_ C.O .C. l . and_ 
• hall ...... finn ond fitIht 10 tho lent poir 01 
v .... _rl) C.O_C.I . US. T.W .A.T. 11'. W .... I 
llewaro ~ C.O .C.I . II .¥ef)'Who,.1 H., 
T.W.A.T. _'d _ lib fr .... __ for 
dinnor?1I 
Rev.i .. C ...... ..wo .. AcIviIot applicatioN 
or. o¥O ..... now. Pid up ref."01 slip from 

Finon~1 "ido/$tuden' ftnployrMnt Olfieo. 
Roturn RoI ..... Sliplo"_. HalsOifice -
81ok. Hall ....... AppIicahan dooJlino iI 
Morch 23. 1979. 
Where hove aM .... wholet. gone? If you cor., 
,all GIIUNPEAC£ 216-3102 . (3/16; 
Whot it. SPAM? Something [ompaetely 
diff.,.ent. If you ore different enough bep 0 
1001< out lor PAM. 
Revene Student, you are ;"wited to donce tn the 
D.li w .... C_ ........ fri. -... 2 Ira .. 9-
12:30COM!t 

A 'petiol round of IftOp. 10 atl ItAs, HAs, the 
G.rmon Clob. • ... Hall of fa_, • and C 
So<vrity, SWAT, THTH, and Scripps, ..... Mod. 
etc, Yov' re 110 __ . The weN deMrv.d reword is 
n.or. The Me" of SOA'. 

To 'he PInon who occidental." ,witch.d your 
blue ntblt with my econ ntblr.: S .. lwand found 
ad. HflPlI 
La,t: 8k1e Econ Ntbk. 2/20 Worren Cof, 
Switched b, mlSta"e. CoU Jim 453-6911, 11 
T.noyo ot Hl3 Tioga. 

COLO. DDa:IDIT' 

.,. .................... .. 
CIIIr ................. ..,,. 
"II1II ..... b II ell.,,)[.II .. 
....... 11 ..... 11."11 

F_ ............ ..., .. . 3IM..-.., ... ~ .. .. 
... 

..... 1Im 
COIIII[ 2 A lEAL ALlBIAlM 

TSC I, I COI'IIPMY '-lie enougl't to 
prowlet. ItIbIllty IIICI VIIMd CIPCIOrtunl-
tin. but IITI8II -..gIl tMII tile indi-
vidual an Innuenoe company growth. 
We .. GlOwing .... tMn 3O'lIt '* Y-- We _ 100IIIl10 - for IIIIPW In 
Comput.r Scl.ne., Appll.d Meth . 
Applied """let, IIICI LE_ tor 11111-1II1II 
polltlOnlln: 

·80"-~no 
CottIpuMr IytItmt ON"" 

..... 1ptern8 DIllon 
• DIOIttI ~ OIlton IIICI T_ 

For III Intervtew willi ... on MII'IIII 12. 
1 II l '.. 1m, lIOn up at tile UC lin 01-00 ,,~ CIIIttf. U.8_ CltIllnllWP 
requl,... " 110 1IIPOIn ........... ...... p'- CIII o.wtII you ......... (1131 
121-74 t1 for IntlfYltW .. T8C. 

'llC11I1~' 
CIIU,. 
aU_1M!. 
SlntlIIDnIca, CA 
10403 

The Guafdlan 

Classifieds 
Clan Shuggle? Worket1 ond bosses struggle 
fat con1rQI 01 loOClety In a boord (JOme now 
availoble ot Groundwof'" 800 ... \ Check out our 
ie6ecllon of boob too 6% dlt.COllnt on all 
_. Coli 452,' 242 (3 / 9 ) 
THE HAIRSTYlIST~' Guys and Gals Shampoo. 
HOHcuf and Ilc'cIWdry S17 00 With student 10 
SIO 00 7463 Guard lIIe1o.nd 510."'0,1.1 459 
8229 M(6 41 ft6 1 J 
Co Ink· Con· Comic 80011 Ar1·Comic·Con·S<ience 
Fict'on·Comic·Con·Aug. 2·3. ComK·Con·U S 
Gronl Hotel' (l/9) 
Poppe, I 10'1. }IOU , - '1our Elebi •. 
Alork. my • ...., •• 1111 Happy leVI and ,eYln 
dO'flll! Th. Gannon Sulfe and Jeonie 
Thri,. Hath CorcMyn In her " •• p c(llci oot, 
"Help. Ho! They murder Schult'!'" 
Would you like to llnow more about your own 
,."uo"'1? There K 0 mulhdlKip'lnory (Iou 

~ing offered ne.' quo"er! 5.. the dou 
Khedule und ... Contemporary luu., 22 13/ 5) 
Atlonti~ and llokell get ready 10' our port)' of 
the Celi Donee to Copenhagen tonit. 11 Will b. 
fun . 
Wh ite Stude"" Un;on Meeting 5:30 use 2722. 
Noncy Nurd why did we eve, pton this??? We 
a,t crozyl Hong in there lady. 3 we.ln and 
Hello MexIco S5 
Dancing in 'he Deli on Reyelle this Friday , 
Toni'. with Copt:nhogen 9·12:30RPI and HPA 
(o'pot'Isored. Come. 
To all students ond o,gonizations who wo'~ed 
at the Dorcore Polk, "~iotty in the Outbock 
to oN othe,. who h.Jped to moke the fint onnuol 
UCSD Mardi Gros 0 suc:cen. Th. Men 04 SO~p 
To .... PO""" who ... i .... "'. is SPAM: SPMI 
You . 

fOR SAlE 
69 fir.bird . P.~ . , P_I . 7JOOO mi . Xlntcand. Mu.t 
.. II immodiotoly. 51 .200firm . .s5-CM03. Ask lor 
Dirt. . 
u.tI dothes .. iOle. WOMen"s .... et 1-11 , Some 
• .,., now. all in -" condilian. CaU .s5·9327. 
l_ tryinfj. 
Handa 360T, 76. ttlnt cond. Mu" .. U soon 
oskirtv ~. Also Ito¥. S ..... i lutt-fac. lock Of,. 
Calf 452-7295. (3/7) 
For sot. - New bodl·pock with from.. Poid 
W .OO, WI. soli .... r_. ""ic._ Co" 755-
6510 (3/5) 
Alpha __ GTV '73. Ex"'''"t condition; n.ar 
new poi"" uphohtery & tir .. ; Of9nol owner. 
S3IOO a< boot off.,. ~"-4'J5 . (3/ 9) 
118 ford l/4T Compor Spociol W/P.S .• P.8 .. 
H.D. Shoc:b. ~pri"9l_ intoulot.d ,hell, u,.1 
rodiok. more. 2n~ 1780, 
Moving Sale: St.reo. kitchen ,hings, recordl, 
lampI_ clothing (menl ond womens) Sot & Sun. 
2666 Torrey Pi_ lid, .53·8619. (3/2) 

olud.o enthusiasts' .aund mWfOr s';.o .. er. 
avoilob'e soon Hear sound quality pr,vtovJty 
unheard outside recording sludios. Phose 
cOfreeted, e.,.nd.d boiS. for h,'.ni"; s.uten 
'aU Lo"y 4~2 9629 pm. (3/ 21 
71 Dotsun PU rebuilt run, .In, S91S com per shell 
5150 483 ·0790 day. I 436-9448 .v •. Mark 
(3 71 
Old but <omfortoble ,ouch 525. 942· f97S 
e ..... wkdt. (3 / 9 ) 

housiNG 
One mCHter bedroom furnished In Lo Jolla 
Ploymoor Coli Gayle at ~S3·9116 Of 29. ·8028. 
(3/ 91 
Room aVailable mld·Morch tor "pring quor'er 
exeon View , own room Cordiff Br lhe Seo. 
942-2249. (3 /1 6 1 
Roommate wonted ,pring quorter . Solana 
koch condo . S 13.5 tor singl. room. Pool, souno , 
10CClll i 7SS 7781. (3 / 9 ) 
Roommate wonted to tohore 3 br hov~e In Cro ... n 
PO int 1 1') bJ ... to boy ()..,nroom 165, mo 27 • . 
2053 l OHo .. "e Martha 13 7) 
femal. roommal. for 3 b.droom, 2 bo.h Clrm .. 
house. S 130 mo. Avail. MOf'ch 1 or U . Call 292· 
6065Todoyl (3 / 2) 
Roommate wont.d, Own room with ~ both, If, 
blO<'k from beach. S l5I:J1 mo oyailoble now. 
Coil Andrew at 7,Sj..7~ or 1.(lYe menage. 
(3/5) 
Roommate wonted S9P/ month Del Mar Beach 
Ck.tb. Pool. iOuno , j«uni. tennis courli. Beoch 
0« .... 755~4110 (3/ 2) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
fEATUIIf fiLM "THE SUNSHIP GAME" 

Sponsorod by UCSO SoarinV Club 
EaceUent Aertol footage' 

Sot 3/3. e:oo TlH 104 7Sc at eo... 
He~_ Come to th. friday Nite fr •• fOr AN. 9-1 at 
Muir Cafe. 
Co",.~. "The JOif of Skiing~" Monday ot 6 pm 
in HSS 1330. Spon.or.d by your local UCSO Ski 
Clvb. (3/ 5) 
Son Otego Comtc: Convention ito a non-prophet 
organizotion honor i ng ";,iten, ortists. 
cortooni$ts, onimoton ond oth.r creotiYe folk, 
Avg. 2-5. H.Q . - U.S. Grant Hmo! downtown. 
S,D. Conv.ntion Dnd 'erforming A"s Center" 
where it tok., place. For info coN Richard 27'-
0824 or W~ndy 452-9613. (It'. Gr.a.) (T .' A. I 

Ge1 you, heod on stroight before fino~ , Come 
laugh wfth the crOW'ds on Monday_Mench 12 in 
usa 2n2. (3/5) 

TRAVEl 
MAMMOTH SKI CHALET for ,.nt. Sloop. 10. 
walk to ~f" 7 & e. CoN DoUV (714) 540-5222, 
(71 4) 770-0571. Pion now for your ,,"cation . 
(3/161 

~ III.. ...~W! ~S~ 
DlOUsANDS . 
OF BOOKS . 
• ~oft • 

HOUSE 
WOLFORD 

HOUSE 
-BOOKSELLERS-

10lI0 Gar~ Ave. , 
Pacific Be.ch · _ 

FREE PARKING 

WANTEd 
Earn S Mer'! , oge" 21 . 0 needed lor 
p'ycholog.c: bl ",.pelllnenfi ln to Jolio Coli 451-
~70.s o nd leo .. e nome (3 l~ l 
Judo or Aikido Gee In reasonably good 
condition. Coif e •• ningt.. Atok lor Mik • . 455-
6962. 
Revelie College RMld.nl AdVISor opphCollOn\ 
a re ovolklbfe now PIC'" up refe rrol " Ip from 
Financial Aids Student EmpJoyment Office 
Retu, n Relerrol Slip 1 0 Jit.~ldence HoUsOfflce 
Blol.. e Hall Revelle AppitCollon deadline t) 
MOlC h 23 1979. 13 71 

Wonted Femole h o vellng companion for 
EUlopeon kimme, trip Collle"l. -tB1 1968 net. 
o nd wlr. r'!d\ 
00 you know of or hove you wri"en on 
int.r."ing radio droma? KSOT is looking for 0" 
"Ori.,jes of radiO thoo'" to be produced. 
Contad Gina at KSDT 452-3673. (312 ) 
OVERSEAS JOIS Svmmer/ yeor rovnd. 
Europe , S Amoflca. Austro llo , A~o. Etc. All 
fie lds. S'OO·$I .200 manlkly bpensel paid . 
Sigkts.eelng Free Info Write : IJC. 80 • .... 90-32. 
8erkeley. CA 9470. 1 3 1 ~ 1 
Stngle mother of 2 ~ y.or old won" to 
exchange bobytitting with Klme Corol 452· 
0959 eve. (3/ 2) 
Wonted: Semi- .nergetlc IndlvjduolJ to put in ,. 
3 hrs/ .... lor tho ASUCSD. Application at AS 
offi<oL (3/12) 

• SERVICES 
NEW YOU HUSTlE CLASS SPECtAl 6 d o .... fa< 
S 18 00. SOl 01 ~ p.m 8egtnning Morch 3 
ending April 7. Coli ond regllfer today -
SUNSHINE 8All~ooM 224 ·4196. 

IMPROVE YOWl GRADES! Send S 1.00 lor your 
356·poge, moil order coto~g of CoUeglo"e 
Research. 10.2~ toptu 1i~led. Promp' De livery. 
eo. 25097·1. la' Angeles. Cofif . 90023. (213) 
477-8226. 1 ~ / 211 

10 CUDS 
Com. to Aroo 253 to gel your oulhentic 10 cord 
from on~ ~tote 01' Conodiar'! Prov._(3/ S) 
SCHOlA_SHIPS fOft MfDtCAL/ OSTEOf>ATHlC 
SCHOOl AVAILABLE 10 stud.nh ente,ing.. Of 
alreody enralled. U.S. Citinn. b.tw.en 19and 
33 yeon okI. Full tu i'ion. authorized fMs. boob 
ond $.400 (ash per month. No obligation for 
apptying , FOr' furthe, informotion on Navy 
Heahh ProfelitOnS Scholorihipl contod Chi.f 
8.11 Bryont ot (7141 293-64'" « ailed). (3/16) 

JENNY'S HOME TYPING 
Term popers. monlJKripu, ,kese., ISM SetlCfric 
225-1449 days and .v... (3/1 6 ) 

page1S 

FREESTYlE DISCO DANCE SPECIAL - 6 do .... 
for $18.00 Wednetodoy 8.00 pm. S.glnninQ 
March 7 endl"V Apr il 11 . Coli ond reou,ter 
today - SUNSHINE 8ALLRooM 22 .. 4196. 
13/ 51 
Typing' Speciollz. in Otn enotions. 276-9?99 01 
4.52·3697 ReoMJnobl. ro'ft. j" / l 1) 
rYPtNG IBM ReoloOnoble and relioble, Mrs . Of(h 
4~5-{)127 (3/ 201 
Sponilh or French priYOte lenons by coN.ee 
instructor. Coli betw.en 4 pm and 6 pon, 234-

~165 ... . 321. (3 / 7) 
iy~NG 
taM, Term Pope,.. OilSertatton._ Thews, RIJSh' 
JOIS. 453-0656 • .560-8171 . 452-1588. (6/ 1) 

Pro'eo;onol Typing to tit your lost mlnut. or 
lanvterm need •. fREE pkkvp/ def. 4111 -7228 . 
(3 / 16) 
TEACH OVERSEA51 
fOR DETAILS SEND SElF-ADDRESSED, 
STAMPED. LONG ENVELOf>E TO: TEACHING, 
P.O SOX 1049. SAN DIEGO. CA 92 112. (4/ 41 
DANCE LESSON SPECIAl: 8 do .... for $10.00 
Sociollon,oom dou beginning Feb. 28 end~ng 
Mo,ch 23. W.d. at 9:00 pm and f rio ot 8:00 pm. 
OiKo·Hutotle: Beginntng feb. 27 ending Morch 
22. Tu.s, at 8:00 pm and Thun_ ot 8:00 pm. 
CoU and regilter today - SUNSHINE 

8All~ooM 224-4196. (3/21 
"(PING: Specinlize in Ot""totions. 276-9299, 
'''or 12:30. REASONA8lE RATES. (3/2) 

• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

collegiate crossword 
ACROSS 

-- Street 
7 CI rClMIlferences 

13 Regulated systelll of 
diet 

14 The Four --
16 Doting on 
17 Meantltne 
18 Actress Sharon 
19 Car-window Items 
21 "All About --" 
22 Mr. Whl tney 
23 Taboo 
24 Russ ian region 
25 Actress Hartman 
27 lupino and Cantor 
28 COMicll 
29 Fills to excess 
31 Does 1Iwn .., rk 
32 °llDnopo 1 y" squi re 
34 V.lley 
l5 llllguid 
39 Br.zllian se.port 
41 Openin9 
42 "Midnight " 
43 Goddlss of dis-

cord 

44 • __ -- points of 
the law 

45 "My bOy" 
46 College course 
47 Miss MacKenzie 
49 Other : Sp . 
50 Mad scram Ie 
52 Periodic table 

item 
54 Candidate for a 

Kleenex 
S5 Madrl d men 
S6 Laundry appliance! 
57 - fiddle 

DOWN 
1 Scott Joplin's city 
2 Conceited perso" 
3 ' Your Njesty· 
4 French friend 
5 Replir 
6 Produce 
7 ClI1nese, '_9_ 
8 The WiZard of 

Plrk 
9 - in the belfry 

10 British suffix 

11 Bullfighters 
12 Have a runny nose 
13 Badgerllke animals 
15 SnHf 
20 Shore 
24 Creator of Wi nston 

Smith 
26 Theatre par~s 
27 2,000 lbs_ (2 wds_l 
28 Word of warning 
30 Attention-getter 
31 Thin fog 
33 Dull 
34 Brilliancy 
36 American airline 
37 Disdained 
38 French llw bodies 
39 NFL team 
40 A fool's --
41 Stli~ plrts 
44 More kind 
47 Stlre 

(j uL.cl 
49 Nt1ville book 
51 "The Bridge of San 

luis -_. 
53 Business letter 

.bbrevhtion 

............................................................. 



The Guardian Fri., ~ch 2, 1979 

Me ddle Income Aid Program Here 
elyn Larkin 
rr Wrlt .. r 
e Income Student 

Assistanc Act (MISA) will 
provide up to $1.2 million in 
federal gr nts and potentially 
$6.35 million in student loans to 
UCSD students next year, 
according to Tom Rutter, 
Director of UCSD Student 
Financial Services. 

Rutter called MISA • 'the 
most significant piece of 
(financial aid) legislation 
ever. " 

MISA, recently passed in 
Congress, will raise the present 
income eligibility ceiling for 
federal educational grants 
(BEOGs) from the present $16-
18 ,000 to $25 ,000 . Rutter 
estimates that approximately 
800 to 1000 "middle income" 
UCSD students previously 
ineligible for BEOG may now 
qualify for this educational 

subsidy . Funding for this 
program will <.Imount to 
between S800,OOO <.Ind Sl.2 
million in <.Iddition to the 
present figure of S1.6 million. 

The Middle In<.'Ome Act will 
<.Ilso exp<.lnd the <.Iv<.lilibility of 
federally-insured student loans 
(FISL) to <.Iny student , 
regur<!less of in(.'Ome, in lieu of 
the present S25,OOO income 
restriction. In the FISL 
progr<.lm, banks lend money to 
students <.It <.In interest r<.lte of 
7"k with rep<.lyment delayed 
until nine months after a 
student's gruduation . The 
federal government guar-
antees the louns and pays the 
interest premiums while the 
student is still in school. 

Rutter commented that 
conceiv<.lbly 5000 UCSD 
students could apply for loans, 
requiring th<.lt S6.35 million be 
m<.lde aV<.lil<.lble for student 

expenses . He predicts . 
however . th<.lt bunks will 
tighten up their I'estrictions on 
student loans. implt'menting 
specific criteriCl such us IO<.lns 
only to previous borrowers or to 
students beyond the freshm<.ln 
year. 

Next year , financial services 
will be I'esponsible for over $10 
million of need-based aid as 
well as the student loan 
program and the Reg Fee 
committee has already 
approved two ext ..... FTEs to 
f.wilitate the administration of 
the additionul funds ' provided 
by the Middle Income Act. 

Rutter anticipates C:l serious 
problem of lack of space - "we 
h<.lve all this money and 
nowhere to put it. " Reg Fee 
intern Marc Stolman called 
financial services "the most 
crowded Reg Fee unit. .. 

Rutter commented thC:lt both 

elect PAT JaCOBY 
DEL MAP. CITY COUNCI L 

Tuesday, March 6 

RETAIN DEL MAR'S RENTAL STOCK -- STOP CONDOMINIUM CONVERSION 

Elect Pat JaCoby 
UCSD staff member Environmental ist 

Rel:ard and Tapa 
Blow-aut 

It. lavento." t.U tIa. apia 
and w. woalcl rath.r .. 0 It than COIIDt Itt 

Abaolutely 
the LOWEST record • ape pricea Ia 

San Diego Coaaty 

AD $7.98 record. aacI .. .,.. 

4.5 
evavtb ...... atock .... aotblag held bldd 

IUgher pdcecI recorda ...... .... 
...., at ..... aced .... P ... . 

..... t both locatio .. tiara Nuda 4. 1979 

Solana Bach 
1· 1451 

MlnMaa 
271 -6322 

w_n .. 
...... , ... 1 ... 

Soot. lo.a 
..... U-I 

Hooo .. , M.f \l., 
s.t. lo.l 
s.. ... 11·5 

students and stuff need 
s ufficien t space to assu re 
adequate attention to student 
needs and pl'ivacy for student 
counseling. 

The Middle Income Act will 
ullocate nationally SfiGl million 
and is being publicized by the 
federal government through 
the high schools. according to 
Rutter. 

The federal government hus 
also accelerated efforts to 
collect outstanding student 
loans under the Carter 
Administration. Rutter 
commented that repayment 
will be even more essenti<.ll now 
in order to replenish loan 
resources which will be 
recycled to new borrowers. 

The pressure from middle-
income families which 
motivated the MISA act also 
resulted in the introduction in 
Congress of another option, the 

in 

tuition t"IX credit bill. according 
to Hutter. This program . which 
event ually dil,>d in rm'or 01 
MISA. would have offered a tax 
break to families with students 
attending college. an alterna-
tive favorl.>d by membel's of the 
administnltion other than 
Cmtel'. he sClid. He further 
commented that "the Middle 
In<:ollle Student Assistance Act 
was a very politicully -
motivated "ICt. " 

Reliu.lon 
(Continut'd frolll ~'J(" 9) 
S<.Jcrifice. raising a family." 

Atkinson .cluimed that this 
year he hC:ls performed mol"c 
weddings than in the last fifteen 
years. He believes that the 
traditional I'eligious views on 
marriage .. nd family life 
"withstood the lest of time." 

'Bound and Sllance' 
A rare mu.lcal experience 

11"""U,.Vftft. should be able to enjoy and betDUt::bId1 
the Paul Win. Consort." -Crawdlddy 

"(Keith Iqer Is) a mime, and a damn pod 
-Villate Voice 
March 10, Saturday 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD Students $4.00, G.A. $5.00 
UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

with thl III I 


