
The Dailx Guardian 
Monday, October 29, 1979 University of Califomi~, San Diego 

Right to Abortion at The 
'Core of Our Freedom,' 
Rally . Participants Vary 

By Sam Gooch 
Staff Writer 

"At the core of a ll our fr eedom i the mo t 
basic right to make decisions about our own 
bodi s," daimed Gracia Pick of the Abortion 
Rights Action W eek teering ommittee a t the 
Pro-Choi e Rally held a t U . D last Friday. 

In a stirring spee h that brought frequent 
a pplause from a crowd of about 100, Pick 
stated that the whole feminist movement 
r volves around the right to choose to have a n 
abortion. 

"Women must have freedom of choice over 
their reproductive lives ," sh said. 

" It 's important for people to know that those 
who want to take away your right to choose an 
abortion are the same ones who would take 
away all your rights ," Pick said in reference to 
groups who s upport a co ns titutional 
amendment that would make abortion a capital 
offense. 

Pi c k a lso discussed th adverse 
consequences of " forced motherhood ," 
espe ially among women of low socio-
economic status. "There should not be one 
child born to this world who is not wa nted," Pick 
said. 

"The 'pro- lifers' are advocating punishment 
for having sex for any reason oth r than 
procreation, " Acker ~on said. 

Jim lIi s, a Pr sby terian minister from the 
R ligious oalition on Abortion Rights , 
denounced pro-life groups for wanting to force 
their morality on others. ' Ma ny of the pro-lifers 
com from unrealisti c, au thorit arian 
backgrounds a nd have just as many, if not 
more, problem pregnancies as other people, " 
he 'aid. 

AS Letter 
Arouses Ire 
Of Council 

By Caitlin Horowitz 
Staff Writer 

A memo last Thursday scolding A Council 
members for succumbing to "Campaign Fever" 
has stirred up a hornet 's nest for its author, AS 
President arlos Montalvo. 

Volume 38, Number 27 

1,11 •• """ .. 1'1,- , . I" ""11 1,., .. ,,, 
Sandy Ackerson of th e National 
rganization for Women reviewed abortion 

legisla tion in the United tates since the 1973 
Roe vs. Wade' Supreme Court decision making 
abortion legal in !'medically a ceptable" cases. 

Th memo's original design, according to 
Montalvo. was to improve communica tion 
among counci l members whose actions, of la te. 
have come under increased internal scrutiny. 

Dave Mason, who perfonned with Jerry Riopelle and Double 
Shuffle Band. was at UCSD Friday night. Review page 10. 

"The Supreme Court has limited its own 
decision by ruling tha t government health 
funding for abortions could be used only to 
prevent death of the mother or in cases of rape 
or in est," Ackerson said. "Poor women 
continue to turn to back -alley abortionists," 
Ackerson added. 

" P ople (on the council) are spending more 
energy on misinterpreting the motives of other 
people than on doing their own jobs, or 
recognizing th honest efforts other are 
making. Everybody's worried about someone's 
voting on a particular issu in a certain way 
because he or sh might be running for an 
office, " said Montalvo. 

Attempt to 'Rename' Third 
Tabled in Forum Vote 

Certain powerful factions are trying to 
introduce a US Consititutional amendment to 
be known as the Human Life Amendment to 
the House of Representatives by 1980 that 
would ma ke abortion a nd most form s of birth 
control illegal, according to Acke rson . 

By Risa Lee Podolsky 
Staff Writer 

"Anyway," he continued, "it's way too early 
to even b thinking about campaigning. I'm 
quite pleased that there is so much cone rn -
there's really been a resurg nee of studen t 
involvement, a nd I think it's grea t - but tha t 
everyone is getting so preoccuped so early is 
ridiculous. " 

Another a ttempt to de:.ignate Third 'ollege a~ Lumumba-
Zapata failed yesterday when a s tudent forum voted to inform 
"present and future stude nts about th goals and philosophy of the 
college," instead of deci ding the nam . 

Notwithsta nding its intent, the memo is 
eliciting a very different response from Council 
members than Montalvo expect d . 

Debate over the proposed lett rhead on the colleg counci l's 
stationery b gan the con troversy, which has flared on and off 
sine the co ll ege's in eption earlier in the decade. The forum 
considered placing "Lumumba-Zapata Third Coli ge" on the 
sta tionery instead of the present Third Coli ge. 

" It wa a pompous thing to do," said 
However, by a vote of 24 to 4, with two ab~tentions , the forum 

voted to keep the "Third College" I tterhead. 
Please turn to page 5 Please turn to page 5 

Friends, Co-Workers, Honor Marcuse 
By Katherine Hafner Committee's chairman Bram Oijhstra , 

Staff Writer not aI/ could be used. On ly a 
Over 200 people attended lost paragraph or 0 could be read from 

Friday 's campus memorial service in mo t. 
honor of the philosopher Herb rt According to Oijhstra, th e 
Marcuse, the UC 0 professor who Commi ttee plans to privately publish a 
died in West Germany over the compilation of the statements in /Jool? 
summer at the age of 8 1. form . It l i/lbe aoC/ila/J/e tu those who 

Orening remarhs were made hy would li!?e a copy. What fo/lows is {/ 
Marcuse's thi rd wife Erica herover. sampling of the statement ' received hy 
She read fr om his last boo/l, entitled the Commi ttee: 
The Aesth tic Dimension: Toward a Barrington Moore, Jr.: He was no 

ritique of Ma rxist Aesthetics. facil optimist with the faith that 
Marcuse ' "o ldes t and closest pot ntialiti s for chang were a lways 

friend," Leo Lowent/lO/, Professor somehow inherently con tructive. He 
Emeritus ' at UC Berkeley, acted as Peter Manu e was the final speaker at saw and frequently str s ed the 
Master of Ceremonies of the service, the memorial :;ervice for hi s father. dangerous and de tructive potential in 
in t e r j e c tin g an e c dot e san d others, was a mixture of speech and modern ocieties .. .In my judgment that 
remembrances of hi life-/ong,riend in songs by the German composer was his most important contribution. 
the course of the evening. Gustav Mahler "in honor of the His argllments were like corrosive 

The memorial was sponsored by the sensitivity " of Marcuse. acid that dissolved th rationalizations 
phi los 0 p h y and lit era t u r e Twelve spea/?ers read excerpts from with which all social orders d fend 
departm nts . dozens of reminiscences sent to the themselves, to lay bare the k letal 

The three-hour long memorial, Marcuse Memorial Committee by ess ntials of their anatomy. Yet ven if 
humorous in places ("The lost thing friends , relatives and former students critical analysis was his trongest point, 
Herbert would have wanted is a sad 01 Marcuse from around tile world. Of he was no mere cyni . Instead, he 
and tearfo.ll en1ice") and moving in the fifty or so contributions. said the taught u that cynicism by its If was L-__________ ~ ________ ~ ______ ~ ______________________ ~ 

only a cover for intell ctual laziness. 
(Moore co-a uthored Repr sive 
Tol ran e with Marcuse and RolJert 
Paul Wolff). 

Jeremy J . hapiro : hortly before 
Ka nt 'sdeath in 1 04, h was vi it d by 
his do tor. Kant, who was v ry weak 
and could scare Iy talk , would not si t 
down b fore his gues t, who auld not 
understand his behavior. Kant 
mustered a ll his strength and d clared, 
" The feeling for humanity has not yet 
I ft me. " These words of Kant I hold, I 
be lieve, for Marcus . The feeling for 
humanity never left him . and is 
embodied in his works and what we 
know of him as a person . 

Michel de Lerteau: Marcuse loved 
the insolen e of life : jokes , laughter, 
friends , children. He would walk 
murmuring brusque or tender words to 
the flower -trees of Southern 
California ... Bashful , he grumbled with 
pleasure before the interminable 
ocean ... He was in hi office almost 
everyday ... h lov d to onverse with 

Please tum '0 po~ 5 



I 

Burke Bias Against 
Religion is 'R~ligious' 

By Bernie Meyer 
I don't know if it makes sense for me to address to Ted Burke 

personally what I wish to say, but I feel that in doing so, I am 
addressing an admirable representative of a frame of mind 
"hared in whole or in part by many people. When I've read your 
paeces, I've been stirred by them and have wanted to respond. I 
never felt I had the time . But, at least I've decided to make the 
time. rough as my effort may have to remain. 

Meyer is a Revelle senior. His remarks were prompted by arts· 
edilor Ted Burke's Oct. 24 review 01 Bob Dylan 's Christian· 
influenced album, "Slow Train Coming, " and by other Burke 
pieces that have contained theological references. 

You appear to be a precocious young man, and I have 
admired the force with which you are able to drive your thoughts 
and the scope of reading upon which you draw. I have turned out 
to be the opposite of precocious. I'm certainly neither as quick. 
witted nor as widely read as you, though I am trying to remedy 
the latter deficiency. Before coming back to college two years 
ago, my experience was seven years of agricultural field labor, 
custodial and factory work . hardly wit·refining or culture· 
imbuing activities . 

Since I've been here, I've noticed, or rather been assailed by , a 
tide of sentiment that ranges in intensity from complacent 
agreement, through self·satisfied assurance, to pharisaical zeal. 
This sentiment dictates that any. serious entertainment of the 
idea that there is a God, and especially a Goo such as that 
portrayed in the Bible, is either to be scorned a nd mocked , or, at 
best, patronizingly indulged as the infirmity of the feeble·minded 
and feeble·hearted . I say "pharisaical zeal" because that is a 
predominant tone in your written voice, T~, when you discuss 
such topics. There are other people who share your sentiments 
but are more refined in their expressions of them; nevertheless, 
the sentiment is still, basically a religious one, an expression of a 
cherished faith . That is the point I wish to make. All the 
eloquence about growing up absurd, facing the perplexities 01 
existential life and so on - boil down to paradoxical statements 
such as," Nothing is certain," as an example. That statement in 
itself expresses certainty by its very absoluteness: Nothing is 
certain. If we modify it to say "probably" or "almost" or " I 
believe that" nothing is certain, then it admits the possibility of 
something being certain. Perhaps most evident is that the 
statement logically cancels itself. II nothing indeed is certain, 
then neither is it certain that "nothinR is certain." I hope you will 
excuse my awkwardness in order to grasp what I'm trying to 
convey. 

Here's another way to sav it: Materialists claim to deoend 
upon what their senses and iaculties them them; In some sense, 
we're all bound to that necessity. But in a random, 

P/p(Jse turn to page Ii 

The Daily- Guardian 
Eric JoY. 

EdIlOf 

Jeff Be .... ,,",,"" ... 
N.::w. f..d.tor 

Kdoy Huff .. 
John_ 

AMOC .. k New, Edltora 
John KIodl 
Copy r ........ 

.Iohn H. Toy'" 
o,..-ED ... 

..... c..t. 
Span. Editor 
Eric HorpoII 

ScM:OCe t::dIlOf 
__ GIodI 

PhoIo EchlOf 

TN"""'" 
Arb t:ddur 

......... .Jc.w-.s..O'-

The Daily Guardian is 
published Monday through 
Friday during the regular 
school year by students at the 
University of California, San 
Diego. Offices are located on 
t he first floor of the student 
center . Mailing address: 
Student Center ( B026), 
UCSD La Jolla , CA., 92093. 
The Daily Guardian 
subscribes to the Associated 
Press, the Los Angeles Times 
Syndicate and' Pacilic News 
Service. 

For news, call 452-3466. 

The Dailv GlIal'dian Monday, Oct. 29, 1979 

Letters to the Editor 

CAPE Only Looking Into Ads 
Editor: 

Thank you for the article 
about CAPE printed in the Oct 
3 issue. Although for the most 
part your article was accurate, 
there were a few mistakes or 
misrepresentations we'd like to 
clear up. 

First of all, the headline 
states that we carry ads. How 

Oinion 

the statement "we're looking 
over a number of options, 
inclUding advertising" was 
transformed into the words 01 
your headline is a mystery to 
us. We have never carried 
ads, but have been forced to 
consider them now, although 
we are reluctant to do SO. With 
our limited expertise in this 
field we are slowly researching 
the benefits of advertising, and 
if we should decide to use ads, 
they will probably not show up 
in the next issue. 

The second mistake is your 
use of the word "evaluations." 
We use the word to mean the 
actual survey instruments 
filled out by students and the 
resultant printout. Perhaps 
when you refer to evaluations 
being reduced from three or 
two per year, you mean 
publications. Yes, we are 
combining the winter and 
spring publications into one, 
which reduces the number per 
year to two. 

Third, it should be stressed 
that CAPE is a student·run 
operation, staffed by eight 
part· time employees who work 
year.round. In addition, we 

hire temporary "runners" each 
quarter for four weeks. This is 
to clear up any misconceptions 
as to the status of CAPE 
workers. 

Last, each department uses 
CAPE in one way or a nother, 
despite a seeming reluctance 
to admit such a thing. The 
proof is in the frantic phone 
calls we have received from all 
departments if a printout is late 
or a statistical error is found. 
The importance 01 these 

materials varies among the 
departments , but we assume 
from the consistent demand 
that our service are requested 
by faculty as well as students. 

We were surpri sed how little 
of the lengthy discussion with 
your reporter got into the 
article. The bulk of the time 
was spent talking about the 
high incidence of faculty 
dependence upon CAPE as 
the sole means of teaching 

Please turn to "age 12 

Electing Regents Has Support 
Of 880/0 In Vote Last Spring 

Editor: 
Today at 4 pm, the north conference room will indeed be the 

site of a mass meeting concerning the democ-ratization of the 
Regents. Your writer, John Taylor, and all UCSD students are 
invited to attend this meeting, whether you be for , against or 
without a well·informed opinion on the ques tion. 

So far , the efforts of the Regents Task Force, established by 
the Associated Students Council, reflect the work 01 very few 
people, who are attempting to implement the mandate of UCSD 
students. Last year, the students of UCSD voted by an 
overwhelming majority (88 to 12 percent) that the ASUCSD 
work towards a sta te· wide student referendum on the question : 
Should the Regents be democratica lly elec ted? Thus the role of 
the Regents Task Force will be to research the issue carefully in 
order for a statewide student election to have both a welldesigned 
question and well· researched information available for both 
sides of the issue. 

In this movement, the students of UCSD and other UC 
campuses have the opportunity to assess the University's 
present system of governance from the top down, as well as the 
University's relationship to the surrounding society whose taxes 
support it. Where else but in a University might such significant 
issues be rationally and intelligently addressed? Therefore, in the 
interest of intelligent discus'sion, I thank you, John Taylor, for 
criticizing the leaflet and the movement to democratize the 
Regents (Oct 24). Your criticism and fears will be further 
discussed in future letters to the editor by those who think 
differently from you. 

BRAD BARHAM 
AS Commissioner 01 Appointments and Evaluations 

Regents Task Force Coordinator 

Guardian Staff Column 

'The. Most Important is to Be Together.' 
By John Hondrol me life. Give me life , because, in lTIY 

mind, il live with young people , you 
think sometimes you young. r run 
upstairs and teel, you know, like a girl. 
I forget my age. Sure you have ome 

tro~bles." 3he broke to laugh for a few 
seconds. "But it's wonderful to live with 
young people." 

have hard time to raise kids and 
everything, but, after, you see you do 
something in this world. Birthday 

Rocking to the heartbroken 
tempo 01 his pacemaker, he 
stares at the hollow cake. 

Turning toward the 
cobwebbed window, he looks 
(or trees, flowers , dogs, 
Minnie, Hank, Tweezers and 
Lulu. 

Staring at his hazy reflection 
a candle melts its tears away. 

-John Hondros 

She greeted me with a warm 
ka/imera as I walked into the kitchen 
that morning. I poured myself a cup 01 
coffee and joined my yiayia at the 
tabJe. 

Hondros is associate news editor 01 
The Daily Guardian. 

"You know, " she immt;diately 
began, with her heavy Greek accent, 
"to me, the most important...is my 
family. " I knew she'd been waiting to 
tell me this . 

" If no have my family," she 
continued, "no be the ame. Maybe I 
be more quiet, more disappointed. But 
now, live with my daughter and you 
kids, I have excitement-and this give 

"What about those old people who 
don't have families to live with?" I 
asked. 

"I feel sorry , I feel sorry for that 
people. And some people say, 'Boy, 
marriages not good these times, these 
years .' They ily, ' I like to be a 
bachelor,' or, y-Ou know, the gi rls don 't 
like to marry. But I say, one day you 
miss something , in you life. Get 
married, have kids . Sure have troubles, 

"The most important is to be 
together . The family. Together. I never 
forget my 20 years: I have little kids , 
troubles, sickness, every thing. But ill 
don' t have those things, I don't have 
nothing." She stopped . It was my turn. ' 

" If you didn 't have a nyone to live 
with, do you think you 'd be 
frightene d?" 

"Tha t 's right, " she qui c kly 
answered. "These days, you know, so 
many killings .. I'm scared to answer 
even this door." 

" You feel safe, though, being with 
your family," I assured her. 

"Yes, with YOIl family . My family ." 

Tlw Dail :v Gllal'(liftll 3 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
IINTERNATIONALI! NATIONAL 1.1 L-.. __ S_T_A_T_E __ ----.J 

Park 'Murdered' Windfall Tax Likely 1979 Smog 'Worse' 
SEOUL, South Korea - President Park Chung. 

hee and live bodyguards were gunned down 
deliberately in an assassination planned a nd 
executed by the head of the South Korean Central 
Inte lligence Agency, the government said yesterday. 

The official report said KCIA ch ief Kim Jae.kyu 
killed Park Friday night because he was out of favor 
and feared he would be fired . It did not explain why 
the government first reported that Kim killed the 
president accidentally during an argument with chief 
presidential body guard Cha Chishul, or what Kim 
hoped to gai n. 

" Kim was reprimanded by Park on several 
occasions for incompetence in carrying out his duties. 

~ere was recently talk of a reshuffle of top posts. So 
Kim, worned about hi dismissal, committed the 
crime," chie f investigator Chon Doohwan told 
reporters. He said Kim shot Park a nd Cha three 
times each during a dinner at a KC IA building 500 
yards from the presidential palace. 

Calif. Condemned 
MOSCOW - California is a textbook example of 

" the moral and social bankruptcy of bourgeois 
society," the Communist Party newspap r Pravda 
said yesterday. 

" After looking from California · into the future , 
America has turned away from the sight," 
correspondent Tomas Kolesnichinko wrote in a story 
datelined Los Angeles . 

Kolesnichenko said the "California Dream" of 
consumer prosperity , "the very same dream in 
pur uit of which mi llions of Americans came here 
hoping for a 'last chance,' a lready has lost its glow a~ 
a guiding star ." 

He cited statistics on California 's population, 
number of a utomohiles , and industrial and 
agricultural output. and then ticked off "fac ts which 
the tourist brochures h re avoid revealing." 

KANSAS CITY - Congress. "infuriated " by the 
major oil companies' sharply higher third ·quarter 
profits , will have a windfall profits tax on President 
Carter's desk by Tha nksgiving, House Speaker 
Thomas P. O 'Neill ·aid yest rday. 

peaking a t a news conference here, where he was 
to a tt end a fund -raising dinner for Rep. Richard 
Bolling. D·Mo .. O'Neill said he does not accept the 
companies' claims tha t the profits are needed to 
finance new oil exploration . 

" I don 't buy tha t," said O'Neill, D·Mass. "They 
say, 'He's just a politician. what does he know about 
the oi l business?' But I know what the American 
people are concerned about, and they'd beller learn 
that soon." 

He called the companies' third.quarter profits -
most of which were up substantially , some well over 
100 percent - "unpardonable. " 

" I wouldn 't doubt ... if the House were serious, that 
they could even nationalize them," O'Neill said, 
adding that he did not anticipate any such effort. 

House to Curb FTC 
WASHINGTON - Congress is preparing to trim 

the sail of the Federal Trade Commission which 
many businesses say imposes too many reg~lations 
on them. 

The House is expected to a pprove ea rly this week 
a bill tha t would make every industry regula tion by 
the FTC subject to congressional veto. Under the 
proposal , either house of Congress could block any 
regulation as long as the oth r house did not vote in 
lavor of the regulation. 

The legislative veto . ontained in a bill a uthorizing 
funds for the FTC, is proposed as a way to give 
Congress a ti ghler rein over wha t ma ny members see 
as an . agency tha t has be n too aggressive in 
prot echng consumers from unfair busi ness practi(es. 

LOS ANGELES - James Bira kos of the South 
Coas t Air Quality Manag ment District has 
cha llenged the state Air Resources Board findings 
tha t smog levels are lower this year tha n last. 

" Ab~olutely not true," Birakos said in a weekend 
interview. "TIl is year we've had ma ny more hours of 
exposures to second stage smog a ler ts tha n we had 
las t year and the year is not yet over." 

Mary Nichols, chairwoman of the ARB said 
Friday tha t I~ng term tren? studies showed ~teady 
Improvement In the air qua lity In Southern California 
with much lower peak smog readings than those of 
10 years ago. 

"Tha t week of h avy .smog a lerts in September 
was a strong reminder tha t we still need to do more 
than we a lready have done to control air pollution " 
M . Ni hols said. . 

She said the most significant new anti .smog 
measure needed is a "vehicle inspe tion program 
which has been blocked in the sta te Legislature." 

But Birakos sai d. "We tend to think that the fa ilure 
to ontrol motor vehicle emiss ions is causing this 
problem, and the ARB is responsible for tha t 
program. 

Jail Exchange Crash 
SAN DIEGO - A Me xican government airplane 

flying American prisoners to a border excha nge 
slammed into a te lephone pole in dense fog and burst 
into fl ames ear ly yes terday. killing a ll 10 persons 
aboard , offi cials said. 

The dead included four American prisoners a nd 
six M xicans, including four guards, the pilot and the 
co·pilo t. acco rding the the U onsulate in Tijuana. 

The Sa n Diego County coroner's office identified 
the four American prisoners as Steve Michael Olson. 
30. of Imperial Beach. Juli Ann h Idon , 26, 
hometown unknown, Gera ld John Lapinski , 35. 
hometown unknown . and Lotus May Sa nchez , 23. 

COLLEGE STUDENT SPECIAL 
Student Special SOFT CONTACT LENSES 

$99 pair or 2 pair $139 
plu s (,ee· slyllsh flmlcss dcslgned ~ungla,ses 

5 9 % value Includ (, Wllh youl coni CI pUlchase 

Helena Rubinstein 
or Pierre Cardin 

Gtasses 
Regular $89,95 list 
reduced 50% to ~ Protesslonal 58"""'" noI lncludOd NORTH COUNTY $49,95 complete ~ Medical (Jon 10 I Cenler IV. 01. Alan H. leventhal. 0 ,0 . 9855 Elmo Rood Su, le 101 

• 

_______________ . A .. proI. e.ssIora ... I.Corp .... _____ ~'~1~5 ~& Mlro Meso Rood h ll 
566·9900_ .. 

r~~ociated CAS I NO Students 
present -I COMMUNITY/ASSOCIATED STUDENTS--

~------------------INTERNSHIP O~CE 
,.---------- featuring-----------, 

paid, volunteer or academic internships 
in 

San Diego, Sacramento, Washington DC and others 
with 

Congressional and Council Offices, lobbyists, consumer 
health groups, and more! 

GET INSIDE INFO AS A CASINO VOLUNTEER! 
Volunteer Meeting: 

Tuesday, October 30, 3 pm 
North Conference Room, Student Center 

PROSPECTIVE INTERNS ORIENTATION MEETINGS: 
November 6,3 pm 

and 
November 7, noon 

and 
November 13, 3 pm 

North Conference Room, Student Center 
(or stop by CASINO in the AS office) 

Apartment or House Cleaned- Lowest Prices in Townl 
APARTMENT 

Studio .......... . . ... . .. ......... .. ..... $12.50 
I Bedroom .. ..... . ......... .. ... . ... .. .. $1 5.50 
2 Bedroom ................. . .... . .... . .. $20 50 

REGULAR HOUSES .......... . .......... . . $26,50 
This also Includes a FREE carpet shampoo. 

CALL: -!.. Saks Cleaners at 273- 1066. 
COLLEGE ID REQUIRED 

THE TEE SHIRT 
whi te ov r red deSign on navy 

$6 .50 each 3 for $1 7 
SIZe XL l M S Youlh l M 

o. 

) " Butlons 
Bumper Sticken _ 

S1.00 each 
S1.00 each 
~nd ( ht>ei.; O f rno~~ Dle:>f wut. mdfr !o 

W .I.Z. Products Name ----
P,O Box 2569 Address Apt. --
Washongton. D,C. 20013 ( ,Iy lale __ ZIP __ 

Pledse allo w 4 weeks fo r clel" NY 

954 Turquoi .. P.B. 27()'3312 270-3313 

I 
L 

MEN'S HA IRCUTS $8,00 
(COnditioner. blow dry. women s llghlly higher) J 

we atso feature ----
The Popular French Braiding. done by Tracie 

Plchney. formerly of Hair Palace ... 
--- ----"----

f E SPECI~LlZE IN PERMS $25. OO"d up 
_ (inctudes condition. cu t and styling) 

----

... OPEN WEEKNIGHTS .. . 
Monday·Friday 9 am-8 pm Saturday 9·5 

We use KMS Products Visa and Masterchargp .epted 



Monday. Oct. 29. 11t79 

Jane Fonda and her husband Tom Hayden spoke at SDSU Friday. At right she hugs her son Troy. 

Fonda, Hayden Appear; 
She Will Drop Politics 
By John Hondrol sponsored by SDSU's Pditical handing out literature from the 

Aaaociate News Editor Sci e nee Soc i e t y and John Birch Society before the 
Taking a final shot by Associated Students. lecture . 

calling Lt. Gov. Milce Curb While the couple claimed "What she did was hit the to pend the next several years 
"the new Nixon," Jane Fonda they found welcome audiences lecture trail on behalf of a con c e n t rat in g 0 n my 

Hayden criticized th e 
University of California for 
inves ting "hundreds of millions 
of dollars in utilities for the 
direct, expressed purpose of 
developing nud ear power. 

announced Friday night that in their 50'city, 14·state Communist enemy killing profession ." 
she will withdraw from political "grassroots" tour for the Americans in the lield ... It But, she said, "When I was 
activities for a while to California Campaign for apparently never occurred to a student in the 1950s I was 
concentrate on herfilm career. Economic Democracy, they her that if she were a citizen in extreme Iy no n -pol i tica I, 
. Fonda.. and her husband also picked up some protesting a Communist country she extremely apa thetic, very 
Toin Hayden concluded a 35. followers.- namely the pro- would not dare tell a university dull. " The anti.war move· 

Hayden said he puts "first 
and foremost the issue 01 how 
to build a strong grassroots 
movements for economic 
democracy in California," but 
added he had no pla ns to run 
for office in 1980. 

day national tour Friday nuclear "truth squad," audience that if students knew ment, though, brought "more 
which, according to Hayden, Curb (his comments have what freedom really was they meaning" to her life . 
tried to "arouse the people in followed their appearances) would pray for freedom in their She added, "When, for the 
this country again to a spirit of and, at SDSU, the John Birch country," the literature said. first time, I began to use myself 
activism." Society: Friday's lec ture saw an end for a purpose, I was called a 

The event, which packed "We oppose Jane Fonda to Fonda 's political activism traitor." 
San Diego State University 's and what she stands for ," said for the near future . "I have six Ear li e r , ina pre s s 
Montezuma Hall, was an elderly woman who was films in the works and I intend conference at Lindbergh Field, 

Hayden also blasted the US 
Government lor worsening the 
current "energy crisis". 
--------------~----------~------------------------------------------

HALLOWEEN 
HARBOR 
CRUISE 

November 2nd, from 
8:30 to 10:30 pm, the 
Warren College 
Program Board brings 
you the Halloween 
Harbor Cruise, There 
will be dancing to a 
live band, door prizes 
and a costume 
contest! COSTUMES 
ARE A MUST! Tickets 
are on sale at the 
UCSD Box OHice-
$4.00 per ticket-
Tickets are limited so 
don't wait until the last 
minute to get yours! 

LEADERSHIP 
TRAINING: 

SKILLS 
WORKSHOP 

Helping Your GrouJ.! 
Work Togelher Effect-
ively: Brian Storrs 
from Counseling and 
Psychological Serv-
ices will be conduct-
ing this workshop 
session on Tuesday, 
October 30, from 
12:00 noon until 1 :00 
pm in 405 WC (the 
Student Government 
Building) . Anyone 
who is interested in 
developing and / or 
strengthening their 
leademhip skills is 
welcome to attend. 

HUMANITIES & 
SOCIAL 

SCIENCES 
CAREER 

ADVISING 
SpeCial arrangements 
for Humanities and 
Social Sciences 
Career Advising for 
Warren College 
Students have been 
scheduled for Ihe 
monlh of November 
(beginning October 
31 ) on Wednesdays-
lOam to 11 am at the 
Wa rr e·n Coil e g e 
Provost OHice, 302 
WC. Stop by and see 
Michael Hulfactor, the 
H&SS Career Advis· 
ing Services Coord-

inator. 

NEWSLETI'ERS 

The first issue of the 
Wa-rren College 
Newsletter is out. If 
you did not receive 
your copy, please 
stop In the Provost 
Office to get yours 
(and leave us your 
address so that we 
may make sure that 
you receive the next 
issue). DON'T BE 
LEFT OUT OF THE 
MAINSTREAM JUST 
BECAUSE yatJ DID 
NOT HAVE YOUR 
NEWSLETTER--
WHICH CONTAINS 
VITAL NEWS ITEMS 

AND UPDATES, 

CAREER 
CONNECTION 
WORKSHOPS 

Learn about your 
skitls and career 
possibilities : Tuesday, 
October 30, lOam to 
1 pm, at the Warren 
College Outback Cafe 
and Thursday. Nov-
ember 8, 2 pm to 5 pm 
at the Muir College 
Center Conference 
Room. Sign ups at 
Career Planning and 

Placement. 

COMMUTER 
LOCKERS 

Do you need a place 
to keep your things 
while you are on 
campus all day? We 
still have lockers 
available to rent for 
tt)e 1979-80 year, 
Stop by the Warren 
College Provost 
Office and ask for 

Ellen, 

WORK STUDY 
JOB OPEN 

If you qualify for work 
study and are interes-
ted in wurking on the 
Warren College 
Newsletter then 
contact Ellen at 
x4355. The position 
involves preparation 
of the newsletler-
typing skills are a 

MUST! 

ALL 
UNDERGRADS 

The deadline for 
Dropping a Course is 
Friday, November 2, If 
you want to drop, you 
will need your instruc· 
tor's signature or the 
department stamp on 
your add-drop card, 
and you will need to 
pay a $3.00 fee. 
DON'T FORGET -
DO IT BY FRIDAY, 

NOVEMBER 2! 

COMMUTER 
BOARD 

WEEKLY TGIF 
Join us each Friday 
from 4 to 6 pm for a 
good time. (The TGIF 
this week is no· host-
we 'll provide the 
company, you provide 
your own beverages.) 
Look for special 
attractions at each 

TGIF in the future! 

TRAGEDY 
AND 

TRIUMPH 
TONIGHT there will 
be a slide and lecture 
presentation about 
ten women who 
Climbed Annapurna, 
at 7:30 pm in USB 
2722. Gen. Adm. is 
$2,00, Students $1 .00, 
Tickets are available 
at the UCSD Box 

Office, 

ENROLLMENT 
INFO, WINTER 
1980----... 
November 1 & 2: 

REGISTRATION PACKETS distributed to 
continuing UNDERGRADUATE students at the 
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR, AC 101 , 9:00 am 
to 3:00 pm. 

GRADUATE student packets will be sent to 
departments, 

November 6: 
Schedule of Classes available in bookstore, 

November 5·9: 
Advisement Period, 

November 12-16: 
Registration Week. 

November 16: 
Last day for CONTINUING STUDENT 
enrollment without $1 0 fee. 

December 4: 
Course confirmations available for enrolled 
students, Undergraduates who live on campus 
will receive their confirmations in their dorm 
boxes. All other undergraduates may pick up 
confirmations at the Registrar's Office, AC 101 , 
beginning at noon, Graduate confirmations will 
be sent to departments. 

Monday. Oct. 29. 1979 Tlw Daily <iuardiall 

Leo Lowenthal, Professor Emeritus of 
Sociology at UC Berkeley. 

Marcuse Honored 
Continueel (wm f>O!!l' I 
the impassioned or the militant, ready 
to co ntinue ... the s trugg le ... aga inst 
every kind of domination. He spoke 
out in public agai nst the racist remarks 
or a visiting British philosopher, and 
against the astronomical sum paid ex· 
Preside nt Ford for his lec ture, 
reactionary and empty, at UCSD. 
(Lerleau is a Literature - professor 
here). 

Carol Becker: Herbert Marcuse's 
rigor _was not reserved solely for the 
world of ideas. Those of us who 
organized political events in San Diego 
were continually forced to greater 
levels of thought about our plans by 
consultation with him. He always 
asked the most diffi cult question - the 
one that was key to our project - the 
one we 'd forgotten to consider. He 
often pushed us beyond our own limits 
to make a leaflet more articulate, an 
event radiate politica l integrity. He 
spoke at teach.ins , demonstrations, 
small or large gatherings. giving his 
carefully apportioned time, energy , 
and years of stud His office and his 

home were always available for 
meetings, for coffee, win , la te night 
caucasing. And wh n faction~ would 
arise among u~ , he would inevitably 
intervene. to get to the core of the 
problems, attempting to m diate what 
he perceived as self·destructive to our 
intent. (Becher is a form er sluden/ of 
Marcuse). 

Angela Davis : Good t eacher~ are 
rare - even among tho e who are 
most knowledgeable in their fields. 
Herbert l\IIarcuse was a good teacher, 
a great teacher , in every sense of the 
word, a great teacher who was willing 
tQ share his learning with anyone who 
desired to embark upon the path of 
acquiring knowledge. As a young 
student at Brandeis University I timidly 
approached Herbert and told him of 
my desire to study philosophy , 
confessing at the same time my 
ignorance of many of the most 
elementary principles of philosophy. 
He reached out immediately : I should 
begin by reading some texts from the 
pre-Socra lics and should return the 
next week to let him know what I 
thought about these pionee rin g 
philosophers. And so throughout the 
semester I rece ived my first instruction 
on the history of philosophy in weekly 
private meetings with Herbert. He was 
indeed a great teacher , not only 
beca use he knew his subject 
backwards and forwards but also 
because he was a sensitive, warm and 
caring human being. 

Those of us who studied with 
Herbert. those of us who struggled with 
him , those of us who developed 
enduring friendships with him, want 
Erica Sherover Marcuse to know that 
we will always feel inspired by his 
indomitable spirit - his brilliance -
his fearlessness, and those smiling rays 
of warmth around his life which can 
never be extingui~hed . 
(DaVis sludied wilh Marcuse al 
Brandies and was laler inslrumen/111 in 
pushinR for Ihe formation of 'Ihird 
C ) 

Montalvo 'Campaign Fever' 
Memo Arouses AS Ire 

Conlinul'd (mill />o!!" I 
Commissioner of Appointment ' and 
Evaluations Brad Barham. " If he 
want d to get us communicating he 
should ha ve called us toge ther, a t leas t 
on an individual ba~is. But he couldn 't 
do that. He's not ca pable of doing it. " 

" Carlos i~ a shilty leader," continued 
Ba rha m, a nd he's go ing to have a hard 
time gelting hi s point across, even if it's 
valid, because nobody listens to him . 
Most people (on the council) just turn 
him off . He's sla pped a ll of our ha nds 
with this." 

Ba rham was na med in the le iter, 
a lon g with Bill Topkis, Jamie 
MOnl50mery, Jan Breslaner, Linda 
Sal 0 a nd Nancy Laga . Respond ing to 
Ba rham, AS Vice President Laga said, 
"I cannot !>upport the method of this 
leiter, al though I'm ~ ure Carlos is aiming 
toward the right things. But I hope the 
response opens hi s eyes. More direction. 
and certainly more communica ti on is 
needed ... People must be reprima nded . 
Bllt I can't really say too much - my 
posi tion. constitutionally ~peaking , is to 

sl,pport Carlos, not to cut him down. " 
Montalvo plans to introduce the topi 

at the commissioner's mee ting today a t 
9 am. He a lso ha~ doubts about the 
e ffect of his cru ade. 

"Geez . I don 't know what 's going to 
ha ppen . I rea lly don 't understand why 
everyone is so upset. lnere's got to be a 
grain of truth in what I've sai d - or el' e 
why would everyone be ta king this so 
personally? You know, a dirty joke is 
only as dirty as the mind of the person 
who hears it. " 

Laga is dou bt ful about the ~uccess of 
the meeting." arios ," she said, "is not 
the greatest diplomat. I e manages to 
aliena te people pretty often. I hope that 
he will get his point acrns~ and people 
will Ii ·ten, but. .. " Laga also expressed a 
fear that M ntalvo's leadership mi ght 
refl ect badly upon the A in general. 

' 'I'm rea ll y a fraid tha t a ll of this 
business will hurt the credibilit y of the 
AS. We all work ~o hard: it would be 
foolish to a llow these littk. interna l 
probl ems to jaundice 4he good we do." 

Attempt to Call Selves 
Lumumba-Zapata Fails 

Continueel (rom I,u#e I 
"The is~u e is not the lellerhead, " says 
Zephyr Goldsmith . chair of the forum 
mee ting. Instead , the purpose of the 
change was "to publicize the philosophy 
and re·educa te the students on the 
history of Third College. and to a ttai n 
the original goals a nd ideas of lhird," a 
Third College Student Counci l member 
said. 

The forum is an adviso'ry body of 
student representa tives and "leaders." 

At of efforts to rena me the 

college a re students favoring the na me 
Lumumba ·Zapata. The name was 
ori ginally part of the demands which 
sparked the formation of the college in 
1969. -

"' Ihe Lumumba·Zapa ta demands a re ' 
emhodied in the original goals we are 
trying to achieve," stated Flores. 

However, the name will be tabled 
indefinitely. "We don't have any 
position until some future time." expla ins 
H Araneta. Third Student Council 

UCSD STUDENT SPECIAL 

~ GOOd Student Discount 
~ Foreign Students I ' 
~ Out-of·State licenses . (; / Y-' ~o One Refused ~,(,~ ~ !t/II 
.........,.--------I{l7" ~ F r ~'._<... __ 

~;;;:~~~-;.~~~ ~ 
ONE STOP SHOPPING WITH OVER ---.."":.J __ -

25 MAJOR COMPANIES 

CSE 
CrvlL •• " .. tIII: ...... 0"' ••• 

INSURANCE 

CALL ANYTIME 

293·3763 
• IIIII 

STUDENTS 
Married or Single 

Ages 18 and Over. 
Driver Training Credit 

Credit for Prior 
Insurance on 

Parents Policies 

2423 CAMINO DEL RIO SOUTH S.D. 
SUITE 112 1-8 AT TEXAS STREET 

ON OUR PIZZAS ' 

"World's Most 
Unique Pizza" 

Restrictions: 

Direc tion, 
1,5 or Coast H ighway ' c> Carmel 
Valley Road thell we~t . l mile 

01. Offer good only with currently valid UCSD student 10. 
02. Offer good from 6 pm to 11 pm, this Wednesday and 

Thursday (October 31 and November 1, 1979). 
03. No phone in or take out orders. 

04. No checks. 

2212 Carmel Valley Road-DelMar- 755·6778 



8 

SERVICES 
MONDAY THRU FRIDAY 

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS, Career, Part·time, internships. POSTED IN 
THE CAREER PLANNINGAND PLACEMENT OFFICE. Geton 
your J.O.B. and check it out! Bldg. B., Stlfdent Center, Career 
Planning and Placement Office. 

OASIS Writing Center offers free service for all UCSD students 
who need pre·writing help, conferences on drafts and editing advice. 
We engage any kind of writing and any kind of writing problem. Call 
452·2284 after 8 :15 am to schedule an appointment or drop in USB 

'40708:30 ·4:00 pm. Conferences are also available Thursdays and 
Sundays, 600 ·8:00 pm, USB 4070. 

OASIS TARGET STUDY SKILLS Seminar covering Library 
Re.earch every hour on the hour from 10:00 am to 3:00 pm in 4010 
USB. Individual instruction available. Call 452·2284 orcome by 4010 
USB for more information. Services are free . 
MONDAY 

9:00 am ·4:00 pm - On.Campus Interview with NCR, Torrey 
Pines Division. Sign up in Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg . B. 

9:00 · 4:30 pm - On.Campuslnterview with Teledyne Ryan. Sign 
up in Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

3:00 . 4:00 pm - PRE· INTERVIEW MEETINGS. Inside 
information and tips on Humanities and Social Sciences recruiters' 
led by the Humanities and Social Sciences Career Advisor each 
Monday of recruiting season at the Career Planning and Placement, 
Student Center, Bldg. B. 

3:(x)· 4:30 pm (meets weekly)- Eating Problems Group- Doyou 
binge and then fast or purge yourself of the food? Do you sometimes 
• top eating or reduce your food intake to the point where either you 
or others feel this endangers your health? 11 so, this group is for you. 
Call facilitator Miriam Levens at Ext. 3755 for details of the group. 
Warren College Provost's Office. 
TUESDAY 

9:(x)· 10:00 am - GRADUATE/PROFESSIONAL SCHOOL 
ADVISING SESSIONS Informal advising meetings. Bldg. B, 
Student Center, Career Planning and Placement. 

9:(x) ·4:00 pm - On.Campus Interview with Science Dynamics. 
Sign up in Career Planning, Sutdent Center, Bldg. B. 

9:(x) · 4:00 pm - On·Campus Interview with Fairc hild Camera. 
Sign up in Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

1O:(x) . 11:00 am - RESUME CRITIQUE AND JOB SEARCH 
ADVISING SESSIONS 'for Humanities and Social Sciences majors. 
Review, brainstorm and develop your personal job strategies. Bldg. 
B., Student Center. 

10:00 . noon - Career Hours for Physical and Engineering 
Sciences Majors are available on a drop.in basis to help with your 
career and job . hunting co ncerns . Come by at any time convenient to 
you. 6205 Urey Hall. 

10:00 am . 1:00 pm - UCSD Career Connection Workshop 
"Discover your Hidden Skills and Connect them to Possible 
Occupations." Sign up in the Career Planning and Placement 
Office, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

12:00 . 1:00 pm - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal advising m~tings for Humanities and Social 
Sciences Students toexplore occupational possibilities. Muir College 
Conference Room. . 

1:(x) . 3:00 pm - Career Hours for Physical and Engineering 
Sciences majors are available on a drop· in basis to help with your 
career and job.hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to 
you. 2132 Urey Hall. 

2:(x) pm - Building Sell Confidence through the Mosscess Plan. 
Guest s~ker - Bob Moss, Playback Center, Instructional Room , 
Cluster Library . 

7:30 pm - A Seminar on Osteopathic Manipulative Medicine , 
with guest speaker Dr. Viola Frymann. HL Auditorium. 
WEDNESDAY . 

9:(x) am · 4:00 pm - On.Campus Interview with The Broadway. 
Sign up in Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

9:(x) am ·4:00 pm - On.Campus Interview with Control Data, 
sign up in Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

10:00 . 11:00 am - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings for Humanities and Social 
Sciences students to explore occupational possibilities. Warren 
College, Bldg . 302, Provost's Conference Room. 

2:(x) . 3:00 pm - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings for Humanities and Social 
Sciences students to explore occupational possibilities. Revelle 
College, Provost's Conf. Room, Provost's Of/ice. 
THURSDAY 

9:(x) am - TEACHER PLACEMENT AND EDUCATIONAL 
CAREER ADVISING PROGRAM. Educational career co unseling 
and advice concerning career objectives, alternative careers, supply 
and demand of educational positions, job.hunting strategies and 
profeuional problems. Assistance in estab lishing and maintaining 
placement files to be forwarded to educational institutions. 
Spon.sored by Career Planning & Placement, Educational Career 
Services, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

9:00 ·10:00 am - Weight Management Group- To help students 
find ways to mod ify eating habib and develop support systems to 
achieve and maintain weight reduction. The goal of this group is to 
develop ne w habits and methods thatcan la.ta lifetime. Diane Evan., 
faci litator. Call Becca at Ext. 3755 to sign up. Group meet. at 412 
Warren Campus. 

The Dailv G lIal'dian 

9:(x) . 4:00 pm - On·Ca mpus Interview with Beckman 
Insh;uments. Sign up in Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

9:00 . 4:00 pm - On .Campus Interview with Hughes Aircraft. 
Sign up in Career Planning, Studen't Center, Bldg. B. 

1O:(x) . 11:00 am - Career Hours for Physical and Engineering 
Sciences majors are available on a drop.i n basis 10 help with your 
career and job.hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to 
you. Conference Room, Career Planning . 

. 10:(x) . 11 :30 am - Do you need help in preparing for job 
interviews? Some tips on the best ways to present your qual ifications 
and what kind of interview questions to expect. Attend the Job 
fnterviewing Work.hop. No sign·ups necessary. No. Conf. Rm., 
Student Cenrer. 

12:(x) . 1:00 pm - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings for Humanities and Social 
Science. Students to explore occupational pOlSibilities. Third 
College, Provost's Conf. Room, 412 WC. 

2:00 . 3:00 pm - GRADUATE/PROFESSIONAL SCHOOL 
ADVISING SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings, Bldg. B, 
Student Center, (areer Planning and Placement. 

2:00 . 4:00 pm - Career Hours for Physical and Engineering 
Sciences majors are available on a drop.i n basis to help with your 
career and job.hunting concerns. Come by at any time conve nient to 
you. 7431 AP&M Bldg. . 

3:00 ·4:00 pm - RESUSME CRITIQUE AND JOB SEARCH 
ADVISI NG SESSIONS for Humanities and Social Sciences majors. 
Review, brainstorm and develop your personal job strategies. Bldg. 
B, Student Center. 

3:00 ·4:00 pm - Graduate Women in Science and Engineering 
Group., This on.going su pport group for grad uate women in science 
and engineering will meel weekly to e xplore issues and a warenesses 
of these fie lds as they relate to our lives. Miriam Levens, facili tator. 
Meets at 412 Warren Campus. Call Becca at ext. 3755 to sign up. 

4:00 ·5:30 pm - Older Women 's Group - This is a n on·going 
group for undergraduate and graduate womenstudents who are 24 or 
over. The group will meet weekly to share and exp lore common 
issues a nd co ncerns and develop our a ware ness of ourselves as women 
and as persons. Contact Judy a t Ext. 3755 to sign up. Meets at 412 
Warre n Campus. 
FRIDAY 

9:00 . 4:00 pm - On.Campua Int.-view with Prudenliallnaarance. Sitrn 
up in Career Plannilll, Student Center, BId,. B. 

9:00 • 4:00 pm - On.Campua Int.-view with Spectra Physic •. Sip up in 
Career PIannina, Student Center, BIdi. B. 

10:00 . 11:30 MI - GRADUA TFJPROFESSIONAL SCHOOL 
ADVISING SESSIONS. Informal adviam, meetina., BIds. B., Student 
Cen_. 

11:00 . noon - RESUME CRITIQUE AND JOB SEARCH 
ADVISING SESSIONS lor HlI1WIitiea and Social Seieneea IMjor •. 
Review, brainatonn, and develop your penonaf job .traleliea. BIds. B., 
Student Center. 

1:00.3:00 pm - Health Sciences Career Forum Series. Carolyn Bay will 
..,..It on "Genetic CounteIintr." North Conference Room. 

4:30 . 6:30 pm (meets weekly) - Black MaIe/FeinaIe Relation. 
IJOUP. Phyl\ia Dame of OASIS and Phil Raphael of CowueIina and 
P.ychololPcal Services, lacilitaton. Int •• ted .tudenta caD Phil on ext. 3035 
lor more infonnation and to lip up. VICe OIancellor'. Conference Room, 
Student Center, BIds B. 

·LEe 
TUESDAY 

CONT·RACEPTIVE ED 
discussion. All mu.t attend to 
are encouraged to attend as 
in the conference room at 

4:00 pm - Chem·Phys. 

SESSION: Informal 
h control services a nd me n 
' ntment necessary, located 

Ullliudlent Health Center. 

Silicates in the Laboratory and 
Profellor John C. Liebesk i 
University of California , Los 
Bui.lding. 

nsation of Iron and 
Solar System." Speaker: 

nt of Psychology, 
RM 2100, Basic Science 

WEDNESDAY 
CONTRACEPTIVE ED 

disc ussion. All must aHend to 
are encouraged to attend as 
in the conference room at the 

12 noon - Biology a 
"A mplification of Genes I nvo 
Coli." .speaker: Dr. Willia m 
Molecular Biology, Univers ity 
Texas. BSB 1105. 

N SESSION: informal 
contro l services and men 
tment necessary, located 
nt Health Center. 

ra ne Biology Seminar: 
Membrane Biogenesis in E. 

Dept. of Biochem. and 
Medical School, Houston, 

4:00 pm - Chemistry Se m ll~a"'"ent Synthetic Work in the 
Prostaglandin and Prostacyclin Speaker : Dr. Josef Fried , 
Dept. of Chemistry, Univers ity III. Third College 
Lecture Hall, 104. 
THURSDAY 

8:00 pm - "Jesse Jackson , P. Israel" wi II be the subject of 
'Phil Blazer 's ta lk Thursday, HL 1402. Phil Blazer is the 
Editor and Publisher of" and helped coordinate Jesse 
Jackson 's recent trip to Isra el. tio n, ca ll 452·3616. 

8:00 pm - Jesse Jackson and oung - The Middle East 
Situation in Perspective : Co me il Blazer, internationally . 
known radio com mentato r a t expert, discuss recent 
controversies in Israel. Quesu'onslanswers afterwards . H L 1402. 
FRIDAY 

12 noon - Biochemistry 
Procollagen and Fibronectin 
2100. 

3:00 pm - Philosophy 
" Professor Heinz Post," Phi 
of London, Chelsen ColI~ge , " 
forma I Lounge. 

6:30 pm - "Bottle Babies " . 
will be shown at the UJS Oneg 
Conference Room A. Come 
Pot luck . For more informat io n, 
SATURDAY 

1:00·2:30 pm - Discussio n of 
concert at the Recital Hall. 

"Inhibition of Secretion of 
phore Monensin. " BSB 

nt colloquium, presents 
tural Science, University 

ity and Physics " . Revelle 

about the Nestle 's Boycott 
the Chancellor's Complex 
habbat and learn. Vegi 

6. 

night Morton Subotnick 

ENTERT AINMEN 
SUNDAY THRU THURSDAY 

8:30 . 11:00 pm - Why Not Here? Revelle'. very own coifee .hop. 
Sunday thN Thuraday. are VG'. nitht.. Tuaday it Bacqammon 
Tournament Nilht. Wedne.clay I .. turint Uve EntertIinment. Every nilht 
we offer UlOrted colfee. and leu by Pannibn, ba,e1a with cream cheese or 
butter, IUb aandwiches and hot chocolale. Revele South Dinins Hall. 
WEDNESDAY 

4:30 . 6:00 pm - Faculty.Student reception, lor Hiatory Oepar1ment. 
Informal,. Iotether, reIr.hments provided. Mandeville Suite. 

8:30 • 11:30 pm - "Halloween Coatume Dance," nuaic by Diuan. 
coltume print. 
THURSDAY 

8:00 pm - l .... eI Action Committee preaents Phil BIa., Publiaher And 
Editor 01 "INad Today" and coordinator of .J- Jackson'. trip to Israel, 
Ipe&kins on "J.ee Jack_, brae! and the P.LO." in HL 1402. Formore 
info, call 452·3616. . 

8:00 pm - Jazz with the UCSD Jazz Ensemble, directed by J~ 

(l,eatham, Mandeville Auci. Free. 
FRIDAY 

6:30 pm - Onet Shabbat in Room A 01 the chancellor'. 
Complex. The PJ'Olram includes a and the movie "Bottle 
Babies" For more info,call the UJS 5. 

8:00 pm - On BellaH of Music: .Ibotlnick prelnets a concert 01 
hit own music for clarinet and A discUliioh 01 the concert 
wiD be held Saturday, Nov. 3, in fWl , 1:00·2:30 pm. Recital 
HaD, Free. 
SUNDAY 

8:00 pm - The one and only 
the Recital HaD, no admillion. 

WFDNESDAY 
9:00 am .4:00 pm - 'pOIter and 

Student Center Hump, no admi .. iotl. 

Turetzky will perfonn jazz in 

(in Ilan) Exhibition at the 

MEETINGS 
MONDAY 

3:00 pm - larael Action Committee Meetilll - everyone interested in 
Israel and the Middle East welcome to attend. Come to the Revelle Infonnal 
Lou. ... .,e. 

3:00 pm - Important lar" Action Committee meetins in the Revelle 
Infonnal Loun,e. We wiD be dilC\IIIini the details lor Phil Blazer'lIpeech on 
Nov. I. Call Hamah at 452·8453 or Robbie at 755·6425 lor more 
nonnalion. 

4:00 pm - Dtmocratizalion of ~ Re,ents ar.arizational Meeq. 
Come and help us pt thia movement 011 the pound at the North Conference 
I00III. 

6:30 pm - Union of Jewi.h studenta and Iarael Action Committee: 
POIler Paintins and flyer t-IanIinI Party. Help III publicize camilli eventt. 
Brint lood and _rlY. AD invited. Meet at UJS Office at 6:30. For more 
information, cal 452.3616. 
nJESDAY 

11:00 am - Third CoIep Commuter Board Meetins at the Third 

CoIIqe Center lor the People. 
6:00 pm - Warren Cone,e COIIlII9lrG Meetilll. DilCwion of Car 

and Van pooIin, options available commuteR. All interested 
.lucIents welcome. Come to Warnn 405A 

6:30 pm - U.J.S. Meeting in 
THURSDAY 

.1IIfII.u:m[ ..... Conference Room B. 

6:00 pm - Third College 5tl4jC1111,cil 
concerned! Location - Center fOf 

7:00pm - Surf Ouband Team 
USB 3070. 

Meeting. Open to aU 

8:00 pm - lhUon 01 Jewi.h 
of Inel Today, relationa between 
peace efforts. Everyone invited, in 

with Phil Blazer: JilCuMion 
Jews, and the Middle East 

FRIDAY 
12 noon - Muir Pro,ram HoarG .• " Mw FIIh Bowl. 
2:00 • 3:00 pm - Group lor Theatre Student. meeta in 

HL 134. WorIclhope, ciacuaaion, concerns. 

7 

WHAT'S ON: 
10/24 11/4 

RELIGIOUS 
MONDAY 

8:00 pm - Introduction to the Christian Faith, "The Church: 
What isit ForT', led by Pastor John Huber (Lutheran)and Fr. Bernie 
Campbell (Catholic). At the University Lutheran Church , 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Drive, next to UCSD. 
TUESDAY 

12 noon - Portra its of Faith: " Martin Luther " , presented by 
UCSD Campus Pastor John Huber, at Revelle College Formal 
Lounge. 

7:30 pm - Trident Christian Fellowship - Intervarsity Chapter, 
Large Group Meeting , North Conference Room. 
THURSDAY 

4:00 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All 
students, faculty and staff are cordially invited to attend. At the 
Student Center Game Room Conference Room. 

5:30 pm - Dinner for students ($1.00) at University Lutheran 

Church across the street from Revelle College. 
FRIDAY 

12 noon - Calvary Chapel Home Fellowship - A Fundamental 
Bible Study. Everyone is welcome. Come " practice " with us the 
presence of the Lord in the Game Room Conference Room, Student 
Center. 

6 :30 pm - Come celebrate Shabbat at the U.J.S. Oneg Shabbat 
featuring the movie " Bottle Babies" about the Nestle 's Boycott: 
Come to the Chance llor's Complex Conference Room A. For 
information, call 452·3616. Vegi Potluck. 
SUNDAY 

Episcopal Euc harists, University Lutheran Churc h, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dr. 

10:0R am - Lutheran Service of Holy Communion , followed by 
refreshments and Bible Study on " Galatians", Unive rs ity Lutheran 
Church, 9595 La Jolla Sh ores Dr. 

RECREATION 
MONDAY 

4:00 . 5:00 pm - Korean Karate Oub meets in the North balcony, Main 
Gym. Welcomes new memben. 

4:00 . 6:00 pm - Gymnaatic. Club meets in the South Balcony, Main 
Gym. Open GymnutiCI , 

4:00 . 7:00 pm - Table T eMil Oub meets today. Please join III for open 
play. Starts at 4:00 pm; meeting to lonn club at 5:00 om. Ret . Conference 
Room, Ret. Gym. 

5:00·6:00 pm - Karate Oub meet. daily, in the North Balcony, Main 
Gym. Duea. 

~~. 7:00 pm - Yoga Qub Meeting, Adaptive Room, Main Gym. 
6:30 . 8:00 pm - Aikido Qub Practice SeMion, Wre.t1ing Room, Main 

Gym. 
8:00 pm - laraeli Folk Dance Qub meets for dancing".everyone 

welcome! Ret Conf. Room, Ret. Gym. 
TUESDAY 

4:00 . 6:00 pm - Gymnutica Club meets daily in the South Balcony for 
open recreation. 

4:30 . 6:00 pm - Ultimate Fri.bee club practices on Revelle Field. 
5:00 pm - Judo Cub meets today in the WreslJini Room. 
6:00 pm - Women'. VolleybaJI v •. Cal Baptisl CoIIe,e. Location - Cal 

Bapti.t, no admiuion. 
6:30 pm - Outing Oub Meeq in the Ret. Conference room. Welcomes 

new members. Dues. 
7:00 pm - Tueaclay'. Potpourri hosts "Race For Life," a Certificalion 

Cowee, mini.CPR Red Crou from 7:00 . 10:00 pm. Thi. i. a weekly 
worluhop series for the UCSD community co .• ponlOred by Warren Colle,e 
and Campua Recreation. 50e per penon. Sisn up by calling ext. 4581 or at 
the Warren Apt. mail boxes. Oulback Cafe. 
WEDN,ESDAY 

3:00 pm - Men'. Soccer v •. AZUIIl Pacific at Azu.a Pacific . No 
admiuion. 

4:00 pm - LacrolM! Oub Practice today 4 :00 . 6:00 pm Monday., 
Wednelday. and Friday •. Meet. in lront of the Campu. Ret. Office. 

4 :00 . 5:00 pm - Korean Karate Oub meets in the North Balcony, Main 
Gym. New m~mben welcome. 

4 :00 . 6:00 pm - Gymnaatic. Club meets today, South balcony, Main 
Gym. 

5:00 . 7:00 pm - Yoga Oub meets today in the Adaptive Room, Main 
Gym. Due •. 

6:30 · 8:00 pm - Aikido Oub meets tonight in the Wre.tling Room, Main 
Gym. 
THURSDAY 

3:30 pm - Women'. Fteld Hockey v • . Palomar at Palomar. No 
admiuion. 

4 :00 . 6:00 pm - Gymnaatic. Club meet. today, South Balcony. 
4:30· 6:00pm - Utimate Friabee Oubha. p acticeloday, Revelle Field. 
5:00 pm - Judo club meets today in the Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 
7:30 pm - Men'. Water Polo \'S . Univerlity of Arizona. UCSD 

Natatori\l1l. No admission. 
7:30 . 9:30 pm - "SID ala Carte," A Warren Miller Production, 

apomoreci by Snow Ski Club. Two .howm,.: 7:30 pm and 9 :30 pm. Free. 

Located at USB 2722. 
8:00 . 10:00 pm - Ju"lin, Oub meets in the Wrestling room, Main 

Gym . 
FRIDAY 

AII·Caf Wmter Carnival sign.ups .tart today at the UCSD Box Office. for 
more info .top by Ret. Cub Office, Room 20, Rec . Gym. 

2:00 • 3:00 pm - Synchronized Swimming Oub practice, UCSD pool. 
4 :00 . 5:00 pm - Korean Karate Oub meets in the North Balcony, Main 

Gym. New memben welcome. 
4 :00 . 6:00 pm - Table TeMi. Club practice, Ret . Conf. room. 
4 :00 ·6:00 pm - Gymnaatic. club, South Balcony. 
6 :00 pm - Men'. Water polo v.. UC Rivenide and Univil.;ity of 

Redland • . Location, Riveraide/Redland • . No admiasion. 
7:00 pm - Women'. Volleyball v • . Point Loma, UCSD Main Gym, free. 

SA TURDA Y . SUNDAY 
All. Campus Tenni. Singles Tournament. Open, Band C divilion • . Entry 

fee - one new can Penn tenni. balla. Sijrn·up deadline: Thursday, Nov. 1, 
4 :30 pm. Draw .heet and .tarting time. po.ted Friday noon al the Ret. Gym 
Office. ' 

Rock.Climbing Trip lor the complete begiMer to JOIhua Tree National 
Monument. $20.00. Sign up in the Ret Gym Office. 

8:00 am . 5:00 pm - Nov. 3 & 4 . AII.Campus .in,Jes Tenni. 
Tournament open to .tudents/.tafl/faculty. Sign ~ in the Ret. Gym office 
by Thursday al 4:30 pm. To be held at the Muir Tenni. Courts. 
SATURDAY 

7:00 am - Surfing v • . Cyprea. and LA Harbor. Location, Newport 
Beach. 

9:00 am - Fourth aMual Grand Prix Bike Race (Rained out on Oct. 20) 
hal been re..cl!eduled for thi. Saturday. You can .till Iii" up in the Rec Gym 
Office of al the UCSD Bike Shop. Pick up a map and lest the coone. Prizes 
for thOle fini.hing clo_1 to predicted time. and for futest 6niwn. Starts 
Irom Muir F'teld. 

10:00 am - Women'. Swimming v • . USD and SDSU (relayt). Location 
-USD. 

10:00 am - Men and Women'. Fencing v • . CSU Northrid,e and CSU 
Loa Angeles . Location -CSULA. No admiuion. 

11:00 am - Men and Women'. Crou country v •. Point Loma/La Verne. 
Location - Point Loma. Free. 

11:00 am - Water polo v • . Long Beach Slate at Lonll Beach. Free. 
1:00 pm - Women'. VolleybaD v • . Cal Baptitt colle,e at UCSD Main 

Gym. 
2:30 pm - Men'. Soccer v • . Biola at Biola. 

SUNDAY 
7:00 am - Surfin, v • . Orange Coa.t Colle,e at HlII1tington Beach. 

10:00 am . noon - Synchronized Swimminll Oub rnee .. today at the 
pool. New memben welcome. 

7:00 pm - SCRABBLE Player. Club #76 Game SeMion: Player. of aD 
abilitie. and ages can now ,et lo,etiler for a flll1,ame or two of America'. 
favorite word ,ame. 8eginnen are paired with each other and &iratelY hints 
are available to improve one'. pme. Refrealments wiD be eerved! 
Formal/Informal Loun,e. 25e donation.. 

8:00 pm - "Radically Inclined Attitude Tune.Up Party" .. Aapen Film. 
Band: "Clam Bro.;" Door Prizes, SponlOr: Snow Ski Oub, at Walk'. Place: 



8 The Daily Gual'dhlll Monday, Oct. 29, 1979 

Waterpolo Weekend: Can't Win 'Em All 
Split Pair In 
Natatorium 

By Jon Goetz 
Sporta Editor 

An early Cal State Fullerton 
three-goal barrage kept the 
water polo team from a perfect 
weekend, as UCSD split a 
pair of games ai the 
natatorium. 

The Tritons outgunned Cal 
State Los Angeles 16-12 
Friday night, then fell to Cal 
State Fullerton 15· 12 on 
Saturday afternoon. CSLA 
beat UCSD 11 -7 in the 
Whittier Tourney late last 
month, but couldn't fiT,d the 
firepower to win again. 

-

Avenging a loss to CSLA 
may become somewhat of a 
tradition for UCSD. Last year 
the Tritons lost to LA 13-6 in 
their second game of the 
season, !hen won 11-6 later 
on. 

Ken South passes the ball inlo the "hole", the UCSD man in front of the goal. . GUUI"t/iwl photo by Peter Allell 

On Friday, CSLA came out 
shooting recklessly, from as 
far out as half-courl. UCSD 
powrred in some outside shots 
of their own, however. 

They rolled up a 7 -4 
halftime lead on two shots 
from the wing by Toby 
Raymond and strong shots of 
Kai Loedel, Jeff Elliott, Dan 
Eby, and Ken South. 

Sloppy ball-handling and 
missed passes in the opening 
of the third quarter ga ve 
CSLA a quick opportunity to 
score, and they seized it. 

Three quick goals tied the 
score at seven. The score 
remained close until UCSD 
fast breaks confused the 
CSLA defense, allowing 
Loedel, Eby, Raymond and 
South to put in quick points. 

Coach Russ Hafferkamp 
criticized the offense for its 
inconsistency. "It kind of 
irritated me to see them slip 
into their shell. It's a turtle 
offense," he said. The Quick 
breaking down . the pool 
probably saved the game for 
UCSD. 

After spending a week in 
practice working with the 35 
second clock and anticipating 

Wecanv 
a fUll line of 

running apparel 

La Jolla 
7703 Fay Ave. 
454-1535 

Pacific Beach 
1160 Gamet 
270-9668 

ENERGY 
SOLUTION: 
ShakllShoes * 1118.1 __ _ 

They give you energy 
with every. step. 

III 1 Prospect Street 
La Jolla 454·7577 

when time will run out, the 
team knows when to break 
now. " We're getting one or 
two breaks we didn't get three 
weeks ago," said the head 
coach. 

"The biggest thing we're 
lacking now is confidence, " 
said Hafferkamp. "We really 
don't have anyone confident of 
their play. " • 

Yet goalie Willie Morris 
proved him wrong the next 
afternoon against Fullerton . 
He didn't give up after 
Fullerton muscled in three 
goals in the first two minutes of 
the game. "There was at least 
one - maybe two - that I 

thought I should have had/' 
said Morris. 

After these first few 
minutes, however , the UCSD 
defense tightened up and 
Morris got aggressive . He 
swept away several Fullerton 
drives, swam several yards out 
of the cage to foil a number of 
Fullerton attacks, and made a 
few crowd-pleasing saves. 

His play wasn't enough to 
counter those first three points , 
though, and the team ended up 
losing by that same margin , 
15-12. 

The Tritons scored twice 
with help from two Fullerton 
ejections , closing the gap to 

Sorrento Valley 
Racquetball & Spa 

r 

r--------2-for-l! --
1 $2.50 / hour non prtme-tlme 1 
1 (regular $2.50 each) : 
1 6:30- 11 am, 1-4 pm, 8- 10 pm 1 
1 UCSD Student wi lD only 1 
L ___ Icoupon expires 10 / 31 / 79, -1 

10999 Sorrento Valley Road • San Die~o, California 92121 

OPEN FORUM 
ON THE STABLES 

Many of you are aware that the University owns 
property across Torrey Pines Road from the · 
campus known as the "Stables." This property 
is currently leased to a private operator for use 
as a stable. The campus for a number of years 
t\2s considered alternative uses lor this 
property wh ich are commensurate with its 
market value and which would be of benefit to 
the campus community. 
Although several suggestions for development 
of the stables have come forth. I would like to 
receive a broad sample of opinion from the 
entire campus community. I have, therefore, 
asked the Campus / Community Planning 
Committee to take on the assignment of 
seeking campuswide viewpoints . The 
Committee has arranged the following 
meetings to inform you of the issues and 
discuss alternative development possibilities . 
Following the meetings, you will be asked to 
complete a short questionnaire. As we must 
come to a consensus on the fate of this 
property very shortly. I encourage your 
part icipat ion. 

William D. McElroy 
Chancellor 

one goal. Yet they had trouble 
keeping a player open in front 
of the goal. and most UCSD 
drives were thwa rt ed by 
Fullerton's alert play. 

UCSD had their best luck 
with their strong outside 
shooters , like Loedel. He rifled 
in five goals, most of them 
from several years out. 

The Tritons now ha ve four 
days of practice time until they 
host Arizona at the nata torium 
on Thursday . 

, 

No Place 
Like Home 
Runners Are on 
Winning Track 

By Barbara Haas 
Staff Writer 

The eucalyptus trees of the 
UCSD cross country course 
provided a reassuring 
atmosphere for the Tritons 
Saturday , as the women won a 
home meet and the men's 
team tied for first place . 

USIU was the only team 
origina lly scheduled to run 
with UCSD at the meet, but 
runners from USD and an 
Oceanside track club also 
competed , blurring the 
meaning of the final standings. 

The men tied US IU with 
28 points , but this result 
disregarded the unscheduled 
teams. By usual standards, 

Please lurn I" "aRt' 9 

lESl 'I .... "ON 
"lCIAlIUS SINCl 1938 

~-tl 
I.PlAN 

(dUCltl ..... C.ntlr 
ClII D.,. ",.,",, Wtoko •• 

2180 Gamet 
Paclflc Beach 

27D-681 0 
CLASSES 

ON 
CAMPUS 

C.nt." In More Thin eo Mljo, 
US CIt/II, Puerto Rico. Toronto, 
Clnodl • lUll ... Swltzerllnd 

Oullid. NY St.t, 
CAll TOll fUr , 1IO·22J ·nI2 

Monday. Oct. 21. 1979 The Dail)' Gual'Clian 

Cross Country T earns Win 
Continued (rom page 8 
UCSD won . 

Runnt'rs from opposing 
schools placed first in both the 
men's and women 's races, 
es tablishing course record~ on 
the fi rst competition held on 
the new UCSD course s tup. 
Melinda Priette of USD set the 
women's three mile ma rk at 
20:2 1, and Mike Page of 
U IU set the fiv e mile record 
of 28:39. 

Sports 
Erratum 

Th e Daily Guardian 
reported on Oct 22 tha t Kelly 
Ceredes of the cross country 
team finished 85 th in the 
UCLA Invit a tion a l. She 
actually finished in 58th place. 
Patty Farrell of UCSD came in 
54th, ahead of Geredes, in the 
fi eld of 95 runners . 

The women's team did not 
actually compete with runners 
from USD or US IU. In order 
to have a possibility of scoring 
in cross country, a team must 
have a t leas t five m mbers; 
a nd both USIU a nd USD' 
entered only three a thletes. 

"There was no way we 
could have lost," said Kelly 
Ceredes , who placed third in 
the meet behind second· place 
Pa tty Farrell , a lso from 
UCSD. Fa rrell crossed the 
finish line at 20:32. Ceredes 
ran twelve seconds behind , 
20:44 . The fourth runner was 
also from UCSD. Brigitte 
Ducharme came in a t 2) :48 
for her three mile mark . 

Th e women e njo ye d 
competing on the ir own 

cour~e for the first time. " It's a 
good course," said C eredes . " I 
had a lot of fun running it. It 
feels good to get out a nd run 
on you~, own course for a 

----~------------, 
ROLLER SKATE ! 

I 504':~r l 
: Weekdays before 5 p.m., with coupon, 2 or more peoPle: 

Lo~ pricet in the wortd on quality .btes 
-GlNlrlntNd in Writing-

All Stylet Available 
$130.00 Sbtes 180.00 Slcates 

G~'~.;o "';4f""'~065 ";a 

Discount Skates 
Pacific Beach 

· 4462 Mission Blvd. (between Grand and Garnet) 
10 a.m . to 12 p.m.-'ti111 a.m. Friday and Saturday 

Coach Andy Skief added 
that "the course is one of the 
tougher ones around here. 
This will be the permanent, 
es tabli shed course now unl ss 
we get moved a round by 
co nstru c ti o n work or 
something els ." Th previous 
roule. also located near the 
Cen tr a l Library , was 
destroyed by heavy rains last 
year. 

The only regulation m n' s 
team bes ides UCSD was 
U IU, a lthough runners from 
USD and the North County 
Track club also competed. 

Once again Emery Mitche ll 
II w over the finish line first for 
the Tri tons. He was third 
overall with a time of 29:59 , 
eighty seconds slower than the 
USIU winner. Behind Mitchell 
came Mike Redman, with a 
30: ) 0 clocking . 

Steve Kielty, usually one of 
the strongest runners, finished 
third for UCSD with a time of 

The Country Deli 

AnENTION!!! 
There is NO automatic insurance coverage. 

"Cover 
Your 
loci" 

Enroll now 
for 

health Insurance 

Available from Insurance repr..."tatlve 
at Student Health Services 

Tuesday thru Thursday, , am to 2 pm 

All registered students and post docs are 
eligible. 

• 

On Horne Course 
30:50. Instruc ted not to exert 
too mu ch effort in the race 
because of a n injury , Kielty 
ran suprisingly well. 

The teams travel to Point 

Lorna Saturday for their last 
regular meet of th season, 
then prepare for their regional 
qualifying meets the following 
weekefld . 

NFL Results 
Sunday's Game 

Pittsburgh 14 Dallas 3 
New Orleans 14 Washington 10 
Houston 27 New York Jets 24, 
Buffalo 20 Detroit 17 
Cleveland 38 St. Louis 20 
Baltimore 31 New england 26 
Tampa Bay 12 Minnesota 10 
Chicago 28 San Francisco 27 
Miami 27 Green Bay 7 
Denver 20 Kansas City 3 
New York Giants 20 Los Angeles 14 
Cincinnati 37 Philadelphia 13 

r \'VolIN) r 01 .. F;QSCI" IS 
HAlLOWEEN 
HARIOR CRUISE 

COSTUMES A MUST! 
I. ~, .", I UI' 11( h It ~" • , 

II 1110 Ik. III<' 



10 T he Daily Gu'l1'dian 

Riopelle Outshines Him The Daily Guardian 

Mason Doesn't Earn Top Billing \Artsl 
B y Pat Domowitz 

Staff W riter 
The Dave Masor ,.Jerry Riopelle 

concer t Saturday night made, in the 
words of Mason's manager, "a nice 
package," but it was mislabelled. 

The music of the two lyrical· 
boogie rock bands meshed well, but 
perhaps the billing should have been 
reversed. Both artists had some 
personal problems to deal with during 

GUDrdiaR pholo by Pot Domow;'~ 
Jerry Riopelle 

WARRE N COLLEGE 
presents 

" TRIUMPH & TRAG DY " 

the evening, but dealt with them in 
very different ways and as a result 
turned in very different levels of 
performance. . 

Riopelle, whose name is not widely 
known despite 20 year in Hollywood 
and a fairly impressive industry track 
record , arrived in San Diego with a bad 
case of the flu . Despite sore throat, 
chills and general malaise, he managed 
two very high·energy performances 
which were incredible to those who saw 
him backstage. 

Although he huddled in a coat, 
sipping hot liquids offstage, the 
audience saw only a wild boogie 
pii'nist, a dancing guitarist and a 
carefully controlled singer onstage. 
The slight, dark·haired Riopelle 's 
music did match Mason's music well. It 
was clean, sweet, happy rock 'n 'roll 
with just the faintest touch of b lues 
influence. He performed what is 
perhaps his most famous song, "Easy 
Driver," currently a hit for Kenny 
Loggins, with the same consummate 
skill one might expect from Loggins. 

Riopelle's five·piece band matched 
their leader's abilities and charm well, 
grinning and dancing while playing 
some of the smoothest licks heard since 
Little Feat's demise. And they looked 
like they were having fun doing it. 

On the o ther hand, Mason's first 
show was less energetic , no doubt the 
result of his own personal problems. 
Stunned by a udden setback in his 

A fu n d - rai Sing slide 
lecture by ascen t teall1 

mem b er , ARLENE BLUM 
Oct 29th. 7 '30 pm 

USB 2722 

Tickets a l Box Office: 
Students $1 .00, O th r s $200 

AMERICAN 

mother's battle with cancer, Mason 
a llowed his depression to affect his 
performance. 

By the second show, Mason 's 
depression seemed to be somewhat 
ameliorated ; so much so, in fact, that 
he had trouble talking clearly. He did 
not, however , have difficulty playing 
many of his old hits (and other tunes by 
other writers). Stag ·side energy was 
much higher in the second show, and 
the UCSD audience responded , calling 
Mason back for three encores _. 
deservedly. 

Nonetheless , Saturday night's Dave 
Mason was not the powerful, searing 
guitarist of Traffic a nd early solo days. 
Even allowing for some emotional 
numbness, his technique was not as 
impressive as it once was. 

However, hi sidemen were 
uniformly excellent and guitarist Jim 
Kreuger (who penned the band 's lates t 
hit, " We Just Disagree") w as definitely 
hot. 

Riopelle turned in a much more 
cohesive performance •• one which he 
said was tailored to the acoustic 
problems of playing in a gym . 

" In a gym or big arena , it's really 
hard ," he said during a backstage talk . 
" I a lways feel like I ought to tell the 
people what the words are before I start 
singing. When we walked in here, I 
knew we'd have to playa lot o f the 
boogie tunes; the softer ones tha t are 

getting a irplay in L.A. wouldn' t really 
make it through all that echo ," he said , 
g sturing toward the gym from this 
locker room dressing area . 

Riopelle isn 't an w name in music . If 
you hav n ' t heard of him b fore , it's 
just bad luck •• his. 

The former record producer (Br wer 
& Shipley, among others), songwriter 
(more than 50 songs, including "Easy 
Driver "), guitarist and keyboardist has 
recorded seven albums of his own in 
the past fiv e years . Two were on 
Capitol , two on ABC and three on his 
own label, Little Eskimo . 

" It seems that the people who hear 
my music like it," he said . " But 
because of lack of promotion , not 
enough people have heard it. " 

The one area in which Riopelle has 
gotten a lot of exposure, Arizona. 
seems to support that contention. 

Starting with airplay on some 
Phoenix radio stations about four year 
ago, Riopelle , has built a solid 
following : this summer John Stewart 
opened for Riopelle in front of a \:rowd 
of 17.000, 

Riopelle is working on th same kind 
uf buildup in San Diego: radio airplay 
coupled with intimate concerts . The 
first of these concerts seemed to win 
som e following if Saturday night 's 
a udience response was any indication. 

M aybe next time it will be Jerry 
Riopelle with special guest Dav 
M ason. 

Hughes is newl 
We make engineering and scientific history yeor ofter 
yeor. Like 1976, when "ve Hughes-developed soteilites 

_nt Into OIbIt. 
It you come t9 work with us, _ 'II both make ~s In 

your home-town paper. 
Help Hughes AIrcraft Company moIte news. And 

electronic mlrocles. And history. (And no airplanes.) 
Ask your placement office wMn HuGhes recruite(, wMllM 

on CorTlJ)US, 

r- ---- ------------- , 
, , 

: HUGHES : 
, L ___________ _ _____ J . 

Creatmg a new world WIth electrOniCS 

AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPlOYER M/F 

HAVE A HORRORBLE HALLOWEEN! 

A'1*I'ENTION .ATJ, 
THIRD COIJ,EGE 

STUDENTS: 

The Third College Admin -
istrative Office, Dean of 
Students, and AcaL emic 
Advising will be closed 
November 1 and November 2 
due to moving to permanent 
far::ilities. However, for your 
convenience an academic 
counselor will be available in 
room 11, Building 412, Warren 
Campus, to assist any 
students seeking academic 

advice during this period. J 
. October 31 , Wednesday. 8 :00 pm 
USB 2722 $1 ,25 

For you doctors and 
doctors-to- be, 

the " MD Tee" - also, 
we can expose the 

inner you with 
"Anatomical T's '" 

10% off with 
studentld 

459-8006 
1030 To rey Pines Rd. 

Monday, Oct, 29; 1979 

Classifieds 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Street Hustle Classes-4 classes for 
$10.00, Thurs evenings at 8 pm. 
Beginning Nov, t . Umited registration. 
Betty's Dance Scene of la Jolla Call 
today I 459-432 1 (10/29) 
PREGANT? TROUBLED? FREE 
confidential counseling and referrals 
to medical, ftnanclal, and houStng aid 
al 583·LlFE. San Diego Pro-Life 
league (10 /29) 
Hu man rights f or Ireland . 
DEMONSTRATION SAN DIEGO 
SpOr1S Arena , Nov t • 630 pm. For 
details ca ll 728-9655. (11 / 1) 
Bake sale Tues Oct 30 10:30 on. 
Sponsored by Alpha Omecron Pi for 
Philanthropy Fund at Revelle Plaza. 
(1 0/ 30) 
CASINO needs volunteers to help sel 
up the new Internship office, Get 
inSide info on great internships in S.D., 
Wash, DC and others. Come to 
meetHig Tues Oct 30. 3 pm North 
Conference Room Student Center 
(10/ 30) 
CASINO is the new COMMUNITY/ 
ASSOCIATED STUDENTS INTERN· 
SHIP OFFICEI Watch for usl (11 / 2) 
SALUT DES COPAINSI French Club 
meeltng Monday at 7:00 pm In Beagle 
lounge (on Revelle Campus) (10 / 29) 
Phil Blazer.edltor of Israel Today Will 
speak on hiS Mideast triP With Jesse 
Jackson· Thursday, Nov 1 at 800 In 
Hl 1402. Don't MISS It II ( 11 11 ) 
Phil Blazer speaks on PLO, Jews and 
Jesse Jackson . FREE HL 1402. 
Thursday night at 8:00. ( 1 1/ 1) 
Come hear Phi l Blazer speak about hiS 
Irip with Jesse Jackson (11 / 1) 
Appropriate tech. grant deadline Wed 
31. Proposa Is need only be 3 pages 
With faculty sponsor. More Info at 
SCURI office. (10/ 29) 
Warren College Halloween Harbor 
Cruise Nov 2, cost $4.00. Tickets on 
sale Oct 23. costumes a must. 
(10/29,31 ) 
Avatar Meher Baba 452·9137. 
(10129. 11 / 2) 

DIXXON will rock so YOU can roll at 
th is WedneSdays Halloween Costume 
Dance - 8:30 Muir Cafe. Prlzesl!' 
(t o/29) 
Is graduate school In your fulure 
plans? Come to a meeting and find !lut 
about academic graduale programs 
on Monday. Nov 5 from 4-5 pm in room 
2100 BSB. (10129) 
20. 1 6, 12 or 8 
Are those units too much weight? 
If they are, then don't be late; 
Drop It now and face your fate. 
He who sits on San Andreas fau lt 
should be aware of deaa1lnes, (Drop 
by November 2) 
Hickory Dlckory Duck 
The studenl ran out of luck 
The drop deadline passed 
So he kept the class 
A drop in time saves a fine. Drop 
deadline is November 2! 

we Halloween Harbor Cruise Nov 2, 
coat $4.00, costumes, dance. Tickets 
on sale Oct 23 Box Office, (10/29,31) 
One· half price pizzas at Carnegie A· 
440. Oct 31 & Nov I , t 979. See our 
display ad on page 5 for rules, 

PERSONALs 
ABORTIONISTS HIRED TO KilL 
WITH YOUR REG FEES? YESI 
ANGRYI OBJECT ? ,JOIN THE 
RESISTORSI HOW? 454-1962 (11/ 2) 
ABORTION IS A CRIME THAT KilLS 
NOT ONLY THE CHILD BUT ALSO 
THE CONSCIENCES OF ALL 
INVOLVED. MOTHER THERESA 
(1 t / 2) 

Happy Birthday to you LUIS Pineda. 
Wishes from one of your big slsters-
the happiest one of all (10 /29) 
INTERNSHIPSI Students tnterested In 
Internships tn San Diego, Wash DC. 
Sacramento and want to help others 
whi le helptng themselves·come to the 
CASINO volunteer meellng Tues Oct 
30 3 pm No Conference Room. 
Student Center (10/ 29) 

.= 

UCBD THEATRE 
ANNOUNCES THE 1979-1980 

SEABON 
THE GREAT AllERICAN 
QUIZ SHOW SCANDAL 
A World Premiere by Louis Phillips 
November 8. 9, 10. 11 and 14. 15, 16. 17 

TWELF'I'H NIGHT 
A ClaSSic Comedy by William Shakespeare 
February 7. 8 , 9, 10 and 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 

AMEN CORNER 
A Modern Drama by James Baldwin 
May 15, 16. 17. 18 and 21 . 22. 23, 24 

Plus One of the Following 
THE RIVAlB March 12. 13, 14, 15 
FANSHEN March 5, 6. 7, 8 
EQUUS February 29 and March 1 

Bubsor1be Now; 
Phone 452-3791 for descriptive brochure 
& order form. 

The Daily G uardian 

FUNGUS FLIGHT CREW' Drown your 
sparks, stir all fires Lei the IWlllghl 
form a door tn the Sky, then enter 
Night and log (10 / 29.30) 
Eileen' Thanks for staYing my friend 
MG ( 10/ 29) 
$100 REWARD for Info leading to 
return of In dash AM/ FM casse lle and 
ADS speakers and UEI equalizer 
(10/ 31) 
Pouff-You make every day even more 
wonderful than the lastl I love youl 
Karen (10 /29) 
You deserve a break today. drop your 
class and get away (Deadline IS 
November 2). Sweet Charity ends 
November 2 

WANTEd 
SC ience Writers Tne Dally Guardian 
wants youlll (10/ 29) 
Paid Male VoJunteers 21 or over for 
Lung Study at univerSity Hospital 
Pays $1 t 5. Call Dr. Shure 294-5840. 
( Il l l) 
Su bjects wanted for sludy of 
continuous performance dOing 
computer games for 10 hours. Earn 
$30 pl us bonus for a high 
performance. Call Dan Mullaney or 
Joan Saidel afternoons at 453-7500 
ext 3881 . (10/ 29.31 . 11 / 2) 
CASI NO in ternship volunteers 
wanted I Come to meettng Tues Oct 30 
3 pm North Conference Room 
Student Center (10/ 30) 
MUIr Program Board wanls you I Dead 
or alive. preferably dead at Ihe MUIR 
COSTUME DANCE OCT 31 (10/ 29) 
Roommates to sha re 3 bdrm house 
$1 35/mo Ask for Mike 566·2964 
( to / 30 
Babysitter housekeeper my Del Mar 
hOme 2 boys 8 & 13 M·F. 2·6 pm 
$3 / hr, ref Must drive 481 ·5856 
(10/ 30) 
Wanted SCience-oriented students 
who can write I ThiS IS your chance to 
Improve your skills. make some $$$ 
and meet new people See John 
Hondros at The Dally Guardian office 
In the Studenl Center. (1 0/ 29) 

Forming lazz/funk band. looking for a 
keyboard player, call EriC 453· 1294 
(10/ 31) 

housiNG 
Wanted one fema le 10 share two 
bedroon apartmenlln EnCinitas $150 
per month plus ulll Call Mary 436· 
9636 (10/30) 
Available In December room lor male 
to share 4 bedrm w / f"eplace. POOl 
Luxury country liVing. 20 mtn Irom 
campus. ]~ mile from beach $175 /mo 
OceanSide 722·7939 ( t 1/ 30) 
Double room for rent Del Mar house. 
furn. I bl beach. price negot. 452-9635 
day. Short or long lerm rental 755· 

' 3660 eve. (10/ 29) 
Wanted' Roommale to rent Single 
room In University City house $t 15 
per month Call after 8. 453-5264. 
(10/ 31) 
Roommale needed for the month of 
November Walktng distance to 
campus $100 call Michael. 452·9239 
Eves (10/31) 

TRAVEL 
CIEE sludent travel cenler located on 
the 2nd floor of Ihe sludent center 
open MWF 8- 12. TTh 12·4 (11/30) 

. 

SE RVICES 
Typtng . term papers. theses, dlss. 
manuscnpts. etc 1MB correcting 
seleclrlc reasonable Mrs Olds 455-
0127. (1 1/2) 
Typtng term papers , th eses. 
manusc llpt s. etc qUickly and 
accurately Call Terry after 430 27 1-
0383 ( t t 12) 
TYPists IBM exper /Ihese / dlsser / 
term papers /edltlng RUSH JOBSI 
453-0656 452- 1588 286-4936 
225· 1449 (6/ 15) 

JENNY'S HOME TYPING - Term 
papers. Iheses. dlss Days and eves 
225·1449 ( t 1/ 30) 
TYPing: Universi ty City IBM selectriC 
Fast, reliable. Days 452-4244, ask for 
Jane. eves 453-4966 (11 / 30) 

11 
US SENATE INTERNSHIP · It could 
happen for you wllh CASINO Ihe new 
AS InternShip office on campus Gel 
InSide tnfo working as a CASINO 
volunleer Meeting 3 pm Tues Oct 30 
North Conference Room, Student 
Center (10 / 30) 
Kegs. kegs, kegslll Best prices around 
UCSD, PB. MB, order today for 
Halloweenl R,ck 272-1855 (10/ 30) 
One-half price pizzas at Carnegie A· 
440. Oct 31 & Nov I , 1979. See our 
display ad on page 5 for rules. 

fOR SALE 
Ford '65 Mustang 289 4 speed prllne 
condition, $2500453-6 155 (10/30) 
Ski boots Scott small shell $95 Lange 
6 $45 Catherine 452-0667. (11 / 2) 
For sale United Airlines half fare 
coupon for S55 Call DaVid 453·6466. 
( 10/ 31) 
3 airline half,prlce coupons $50 each. 
CAli 453·9075 or 263-3504 for details. 
(10/29, 3t . 11 12; 
'75 SAAB 99LE. 3·door wagon back 
white, stero-cassells player. Michelin 
radials, fue l Inlectlon, standard Irans, 
excellent conditIon MOVing to Europe 
must sell , best offer Evenings 48 t · 
5298 Serena (10 / 30) 
Sunset surfboard 7 II custom deSign 
last excellent condition $130. Larry 
273·9058 ( 10/ 30) 
For sale AA discount coupon, half fa re 
Best oller Call nights ask for Jon 279· 
4099. II not home leave message 
(11/ 1 ) 

LOST & fO UNd 
Found Two car keys and one house 
key wllh tiny padlock on key ring Calf 
Healher al 453-6908 (10/ 29) 
Losl Calcula lor Sharp Estlmale . 
brown case. near TlH 109 Fri 
mornIng. please (452-0843) return 
Sliverchatned star saph"e necklace 
by Revelfe Field / Parking lot Reward 
$10 call eve 453·4078 Cindy 
"Misplaced" RUSSian book tn Walk's 
Place Thur Oct 25500 pm lust belore 
the game Call 455-6046 

UC San Diego University Events Office presents: 

A SAN DIEGO PREMIER!!! 
"An extraordinary group of dancers! As impressive a 

troupe as one can think of anywhere!" 
The Washington Post 

"A model of how to build a ballet company" 
Clive Barnes 

"A constant marvel" 
--------------- The Times, London 

STUDENT SUBBCRIPI'ION: (four plays) $10.00 
GENERAL SUBBCRIPI'ION: (four plays) $15.00 

2 PERFORMANCES ONLY-DON'T MISS IT! 
Young. Vita l and technically brilliant. the dancers' credits 
include the American Ballet Thealre. the Joffrey Ballet and the 
Harkness. The company's roots are In a claSSical ballet, but 
they are imbued with a LaM Spirtt and a sensuous, often erotic 
style that has become their dynamic trademark. 

ABK ABOUT MEMBEReHlP 
IN 41FRIENDS OF THE 

UCBD THEATRE" 

November 2. Friday. 8:30 pm 
$1050 $7 .50 $5.00 & $350 

November 3. Saturday, 1 :30 pm 

MANDEVlliliE 
AUDITORIUM 

$7 ,50 $5.00 $3.50 & $2.50 T icket & Program Information: 
452- 4559 



12 The Daily G lmnlian Monday, Oct. 29, 1979 

Burke Using Same Pushiness He Reserlts Christians • In 
onlinued from paRe 2 But it s ems to m ther is 

no reason to be moved for or 
against either one by fanatical, 
pushy, ridiculing, arrogant 
denQuncements. You betray 
the weakne s of your position 
by adopting in your articles the 
same methods you claim to 
abhor in certain Christians. 
Indeed, in a recent article you 

. shared with your readers the 
meaning of such behavior on 
your part: It i a reaction to 

uggest th opposite, if one is 
willing to search th m out and 
consider them as diligently as 
he does their ounterparts. But 
th fact is, as the Bibl itself 
asserts, that man is ultima tely 
guided by his will more than by 
his intell t. It would be 
entirely within the power of 
an infinite God to sup rvi 'e the 
recording, pre erva tion and 
transmission of his messages 
to humankind . 

as~umptions . Th theory of 
volution, which balances 

precariously on these floats , 
l1lay even capsiz and sink 
under the weight of su h 
c riticism. But we hear nothing 
of the e critiqu s at UCSD. 
Why? Is it beca use these 
critique a r the progeny of 
fai th any mor than th 
th ories they qu s tion? Or that 
they present olid scientific 
da ta and rea oning a ny less? 

or the cern nted s -holar 's 
ondescension , but with a 

simpl , honest empathy, the 
self·consistency a nd pla usibil-
ity of the counter-vi w I've 
shared, as a worthy contender 
against modern intell tual 
orthodoxy. 

I won 't te ll you to ge t off 
your high horse, Ted. I fea r it's 

accidental universe there is no 
logical basis for trusting our 
senses and faculties; there is 
no means of assuring 
ourselves that they report the 
actual case of things, or that 
they correspond between 
individuals, or that they 
remain consistent. There is no 
way to know if " logic " and 
" reason," "tru t h" and 
"knowledge" are not the 
sheerest fantasie , and at any 
moment apt to vanish or 
transform themselves beyond 
recognition. 

But the practical necessities 
of existence force us to waive 
such questions of logic and 
simply operate on the 
apparent fact that our senses 
a nd faculties do in some sense 
"work" to maintain our 
survival. Nevertheless, the 
philosophical basis for such 
inescapable daily beha vior -
whether we are conscious of it 
or not - is a faith in a rationa l, 
orderly universe , not in a 
fundamentally random one. If 
you're going to contend 
anything about a random , 
non-created world, or the 
things and events you perceive 
in it, you must acknowl dge 
that both the basic world-view, 
and the assertions based upon 
it , are essentially and 
inescapably mailers of th 
purest faithJ and ever 
susceptible to the flat denia l of 
unbelief. Both the idea that 
there is a God , and the idea 
that there is none, a re faiths 
upon which alternative 
systems of knowledg a re 
built . Each-of us has to decid 
which syst m seems best to 
a count for th phenomenon 
of life which h obs rves. 

"Both the idea that there is a God, and 
the idea that there is none, are faith s ... " 

not in your power. Time will do 
tha t job for you. But , th n , a 
others have, you jll'! might 
su 'ceed in keepi ng your 
saddle until on fina l jolt plants 
you on your ba k perma nent · 
Iy. I hope tha t doesn't turn out 
to be th ·ase. But, as I said, 
I'm writing not stric tly to you 
personally, but to anyM who 
happ ns to r ad thi s 
newspap r, and who hal> 
shared too easily the views a nd 
a ttitudes you project so 
forcibly. I gueSl> I just grew 
weary of people waving their 
sme lly diapers in the air a nd 
thinking it wa ' 'omething to be 
proud of. 

overbearing, hypo c riti ca l 
treatment inflicted upon you 
by those naming thems Ives 
Christians during your earlier 
childhood. uch a reac tion is 
not sham ful or unusual. It's a 
normal, healthy part of 
growing up. It's esp cially 
healthy if our pa re nts , 
teachers , or society have been 
hypocritica l or just plain 
wrong. 

But ma turity comes In 
pro cess of tim e a nd 
xperienc -oft en humbling 

of grinding experience. And 
then, on acts rather than 
reacts, a nd is willing to bea r 
not merely th reproach of his 
parents, but also the reproa h 
of his most valued pe rs a nd 
ven the reproa h of his own 

intransigent h e rt, if 
acknowledging the truth 
demands it. 

For all the objections and 
pretended proof of God 's 
non·existence or irrelevance, 
there are as many rebullal 
and proofs equally powerful to 

It would a l 0 be predicta ble , 
and entirely within the power 
and inclina tions of a creature 
a corrupted by prid a nd self· 
will as the Bible asserts ma n to 
be to ea rnestly end avbr to 
fa bricate knowledge system 
that might successfully deny 
a nd supplant the biblica l 
world-view. For ther by h 
could hope to shuck th s n e 
( 0 aggrava ting to a selfish 
mind ) of accoun tability for his 
d ds to someone above him. 
He could hope to b Ii v that 
he really , basically is "a good 
guy ," and not (tha t galling 
term) "a sinner ." 

I say these thing not to 
prove the Bible true, but 
merely to suggest how much 
more likely it is to b true than 
a mind consecra ted to its 
a lte rna tive is willing to admit. 
There a re substa ntia l scientifi c 
critici ms of the c r ed of 
radiometri a nd geologic-layer 
dating, for bing circularly 
inter-dependent and floating 
on unprovable and unlikely 

L A JOLLA SUR F & SPORT 
cr~~4d~~ 

Featuring: 
O'Neill , O.P., Offshore, Surf Line, 

Rip Curl, Quicksilver, Canyon, Russell', 
Izod, Gant, Stubbies, McCoy, Bolt -

Women 's and Boy's wear, too! 

715 Pearl Street, La Jolla 459-4329 

-----------------------------------------

HALLOWEEN SALE 
thru 31 October, 1 979 

Not a t all. A study of books 
a nd arti lel> published by th 
Creation Re earch oci ty 
(which has an offi c in an 
Diego) will si l n e uch 
convenie nt excuses. The 
a b se n ce may s impl y 
d monstra te (a I believe it 
do s) the pr vailing wi ll of a 
c reatur that is d t rmin d, at 
a level beneath th pret n ion 
of on ious thought , to mak 
of himself a god . W asn't th i 
th e impulse th a t ever 
motivated . a ta n, according to 
th riptur s, a nd th impul e 
with whi ·h he th n motivated 
man? A bing so given over to 
this obje t simply will not se 
a nything tha t thr a tens to 
ob truct or undermine hi s 
advance, a nd if h ca n sho 
away the curs d qu s tion a nd 
obje ti o n s e ntir Iy, lik e 
gadflies, with a seemingly 
unworried sweep of his ha nd , 
so much th b' II r. 

Again, I ask you only to try 
a nd consider, without th 
c ustomary zea lot 's revulsion 

My hope is tha t I can shed il 
little light , and reopen in some 
minds serious con 'id ration of 
an opti on no one r ally has the 
in tell dual au thority to dose. 

CAPE Not 
Advertising 

Cuntinued (wm />C1i.!e 2 
evalu at ion, which was barely 
mention d in the write·up. One 
wonders why the report r 
chose to focus on the subj ct in 
conversation , only to ignore it 
in print. 

We hope thi s lett r clears 
up some of th mlsconcep· 
tions crea ted by your a rticle. 
Thanks for providing the 
information you did . 

THE APE TAFF 

r----------------------, : FREE MOVIE TICKETS : 
1 Monday and Tuesday Night SpeCial 1 
1 ______ -----------______ 1 

Alexander's Pizza has bought tickets good 
at all Mann Theatres in San Diego. You get 
one free with any $8.00 purchase that 
includes pizza, when you use this coupon. 

Offer good while supply lasts-not good 
on take out orders. 

• 
I 

ALEXANDER'S PIZZA 
4605 E. Mission Bay Dr. 

1/2 block south of Garnet 

272-2400 

NEED CREDIT? SEND FOR THE CREDIT GAME 
• Too young to borrow? 
• New in town/no rlt.rlnc:es? 
• Er .. bid debt records 
• Sk ip bi ll. without ruining credi t 
• RtcliVI lOIns with in weeks of beginning th is progrlm 
• tnformltion on Updlted credit tlWS end IlIIisllt ion 
• Your r9lts under thl Federlt Credit Acts 

SOLVE ALL 
THESE 

CREDIT 
PROBLEMS 

wi1h 
THE CREDIT GAME 

WALL STIEEI' PUBUSHING CO. 
303 5TH AVE.-
SUITE 1308 
NEW YORK, NY 1001. 

" Tired of being without credit, or up to your neck in 
'minimum payments'? With this book you will learn how 
to make the $300 billion credit industry jump at your 
·command." 

r ---:--------ONLY-..... - ----------I IN.Y. retidenlSldd n 581ft Till' . 
I Endosed is $ for Books 
I Name 
II ~m~--------------------------------

City Stl t l Zip ----_ I I Allow 3 weeks for detivery. 



. INCLUDES . 
SPECIAL SECTION 

. . 

Ampersand Supplement 
. . . . 

October; 29, 1979 

. Vol. 38 

No. 27 

UCLA Reprographic Service 





OdoM,'l979 ~19'19 A iiij"sapd I 



AI ........ nd 
PWlUMr 

DURAND W. AcHEE 
~DmdIIr 

JEFFREY A. DICKEY 
E4fltw.irt-CW/ 
JUDITH SIMS 
Nw.ricE"" 

BnON LAuRSEN 
An DindtIr 

CATHERINE LAMPTON 
p~ 

CHIP JONES. MEL RICE 
~ 
RosETYPE 

Offie. AI...,.,. 
jUOVTURNER 
C~E'" 

JACOBA ATLAS. MARTIN 
CLIFFORD. ED CRAY, LEN 

FELDMAN, MOilLEY JONES, 
DAVIN SEAY 
~Offaen 

Los Anteifl ~ Chicago 
JEFF DICKEY 

1680 N. Ville Street, Suite 201 
Hollywood, CA 90028 

115/462-7175 
New"lbrlr. 

WILLIAM P. COoLEY (J ASSOCIATES 
199 Madison A_ue 
New '!brk, NY 10017 

212/687-5718 . 

01979 Alan w,oton Publilhinl.lnc., 1680 
N. Vine Street, Suile 201, Holrywood, CA 
90028. All rilh" relerved. leite .. be· 
come the propert~ of the publi.her and 
""'Y be edited. Publiaher doea not ,,"ume 
any reip<Jn.ibility for unoolicited manus-
cripta. Publi.hed monthly alLoa Anldel. 
Application 10 mail at conlrolled circula· 
lion ratel i. pending at St. Loui., Milsouri. 

IN HERE 
FEATURES 

Graham Chapman 6 
MofII'J p'tI&MlJ Brian 

Jimmy Buffett 11 J UJI stru.1IIift' ~ sin,",' 
Bella Lewitzky 14 

L.A.1Jaikrina/Clwreopap/ln 

In One Ear 
uUers 

D£MRTM£NTS 

€I Out the Other 
News (I Gossip 

In Print 
Rolli"8 S,01I'S, Africa €I RiUJ 

In Both Ean 
Dir,ct-Io-disc recordi"8 

On Disc 
0,14", CI4sI&, Talbn, Hew, ,tc. 

On Tour 
Patti S"",II , Del McClilltOft, etc. 

4 
5 
9 

15 
16 
19 

On Screen 21 
AfHKtU,PSf! NOIIJ, Lift of Bria_, ,tc. 

OUR COVEl 
Jimmy Buffcttsc:eml particularly fond 
of boats and water, 10 photographer 
Tom Corcoran managed to leI all three 
in the frame. 

A.,,,,,,sand Oc.,,979 

1oI01t1 CA'" ttlll 
TtltT'VU '1DVIt.· 
SELF THIS IV"""? 

LI5S"EN, CH"/d.LT , 
7lVeHN'lI=IVe WI'-
IS -rw~"" FIVE 

8v~~ 

~ 
\ 
" ~ 

_..LL.. ____ ..LL.. __ ~...u. __ .._... __ --' "'-" ..... __ .;..a......&.'-- '--.Jl..-----=_~ ..... ~::::.:...~--=~~-f) 

I have just recently seen a copy of your magazine and 1 love itl It is truly a very informative magazine geared towards 
young people and what we like to know. 
What I would like to know, though, is how I 
can be assured of receivinfJ it regularly. (I 
had seen this first copy laymg around the 
commons on campus here.) Also, how 
often is it put out and where around here 
can I pick it up? 

RICHARD WEISENBURGER 
UNIY. OF WISCONSIN 

W,'re so glad ,(JU asud. y(JU 1IIt9 subscriiu to 
Ampersand/or a mere ".00 per 'jI!ar (that's 
nine issues; we publish ",onthl, during the 
school year). lwt send CMe. or mon" ordn plw 
'JOUr nalllt and address Ie Ampn-sand Subscrip-
tions, 1680 N. Vine Strut *201, Holl,wood, 
CA 90028. 

My favorite group now is the Futants. I think their name means Future Mutants, but it might mean Futile 
Infants. The lead singer has blond hair. 
They played at CBGB's when Robert Fripp 
was there, but you had to walk by all these 
bums on Bowery Street and I saw one that 
was laying on the sidewalk and another 
one was stepping on him, but barefoot. I 
thought they were Rolfing. 

EMMA BOGACHEVSKY 
QUEPOS, COSTA RICA 

t st year there was an article in Ampersand asking for contributions describing the best colleges for parties. Are you 
planning to print these letters? 1 know 
everyone at the University of Utah would 
enjoy reading how other campuses get off 
at their parties. 

The University of Utah is considered to 
be the best kept secret in the country. \bu 
see, most people think that everyone in 
Utah is real straight. Well ... the .ecret is 
that Utah has about the best parties 
aroundl 

J. PARKS 
UNIVERSITY OF UTAH 

(one of Ihe "highest" campuses in Ihe world) 

We did indeed solicit cDftlribulions /rom cam-
;Wes, and we rlCeived a/ftJI ... none 0/ which 
will be reprinted becallJe tM, were swil~ the 
/lToduct 0/ brain-damaged boogies, tIte flotsaM 
0/ col/.egiale jew",. But we wiU publi.sII Pany 
Down an,WII1; it's tlte su#intml-willaifl-a-
sufJfJltflUftl accOfltpanyiftg tIte NovtrfIber Wue. 

8l Rolling BeatIe Years 
After the wallc Dept., Blind 

Faith Div. 

Charlotte Rampling, Marie-Christine 
Barrault and Jessica Harper; Gordon 
Willis, who shot Manhattan for AII('n, is 
again cinematographer, and this film will 
also be in black and white. There is repor-
tedly a period piece inserted within the 
modern movie, and we've hedrd hinlS that 
the script deals, sort of, with personality 
transference. Not unlike Bergman's Per-
sona, maybe? Which would seem to indicate 
a movie more like Interiors than Annie HaU. 

BASSIST BILL WYMAN, first of the Rolling 
Stones to record solo (1974's MonItey GriP), 
will- according to a usually-reliable 
rumor trader - be the focus of a new 
band. On drums, Ringo Starr. On lead 
guitar, Alvin Lee, once ofTen \t:ars After. 
On everything else possible, the multi- STEVE McQUEEN IS LIVING in an airplane 
talented Stevie Winwood (Spencer Davis hangar near Santa Paula, California, with 
Group, Traffic, Blind Faith). First gig: several old planes and motorcydessharing 
opening the Olympics in Moscow next his space. He's out of Taipan (after collec-
May. Afterwards comes a U.S. tour and tion of about $3 million from his pay-or-
live-from-Moscow album. No name has play deal, for doing absolutely nothing), 
been selected and no label deal secured, but will , we hear, actually work again, star-
though "five or six offers have been made:' ring in The Hunter, a modern detective 
says the rumor source, who added the . ~rn, to be shot in Chicago. 
qualifier, "It's still in preliminary stages, 
but they have agreed to play together:' DIANE KEATON will reportedly star in A 

Ntw Wife with her old flame (and God-

Does This Mean \\e \\Orlt 
Have to Sit through Any 
More Damned Killer ~ 

Skits? 
HARRY SHEARER, ONCE A MEMBO of the 
Credibility Gap, a writer/actor and radio 
announcer and an all-round neat guy, is 
the New Man on Saturday Nighl Live. He'll 
more than fill the holes left by Belushi 
and/or Aykroyd, as a writer/performer, 
and not a moment too soon. GocxIluck in 
the snake pit, Harry. 

What the Big Stars 
Are Doing 

WHEN BURT R£YNOLDS ARRIVED in Lon-
don a few weeks ago to begin filming 
Rough Cut (plot similar to To Calclt a TIaUj) 
with jacqueline Bisset, he found the pic-
ture's director, Don Siegel (fiscape /rOflt AI-
catraz, the original Invasion 0/ the Bod, 
Snatchers) had been fired by the producer 
David Merrick, for saying unkind things 
about the script in an interview. Reynolds 
cJid some fancy nCJOliating, and Siegel was 
reinstated; the scnpt is being reworked by 
Anthony Shaffer (who wrote SleutIt). 

WOODY ALUN'S NUT fiLM, untitled and 
muffled in tight ecurity as always, stars 

/aihtTS co-star) AI Padno, which probably' 
won't thrill Warren Beatty, who is still 
working with Keaton on the oft-retitled 
john Reed biopic, based on Reed's book, 
Tm IJtzjs Thai S hooll tIte World. 
FUETWOOD MAc, about to release a two-
disc opus called Thsk, got their own Hol-
lywood Boulevard sunk-in-the-sidewalk 
star on October 10th. That means the star's 
a Libra, but almost on the cusp of Scorpio. 
Ru",ours, the last multi-platinum effort 
from the Anglo-California outfit, came 
out February of 1977 and didn't list for 
$15.98. But Thsk will. Gossip has it the 
group spent around $1 million on the new 
product. 

German Family lakes 
CJiveS Baby 

ARISTA, THE l'OVNG COLUMBIA PlCTtJRES 
subsidiary run by Clive Davis, home to 
such diverse a«;t!I as Barry Manilow, 
Graham Parker, Ray P.lrker (no relation), 
Dionne Woarwick, the Kinks, Patti Smith, 
Lou Reed, jennifer Woarnes and GQ, has 
been sold to German's Ariola Eurodisc for 
$50 million (thereby inspiring some 
rumors that Arista would be ablorbed into 
Ariola America, with iu president, Jay 
Lasker, being ~ and CIi\'e r .mrung 
the whole ~hmear from New 'tUrk; "Not 
true," denied Lasker). On paper, Arista i. 
deep in debt to Columbia, 10 only $7 mill-

0,..,1979 

ion from the tran action will be counted as 
profit for the stock-holders. 

Davis will remain as head of Arista with 
the new owners. Once near the pinnacle at 
Columbia Records ,. Davis fell from grace 
with that label because of business prac-
tices disputes, but his acknowledged bril-
liance won Davis a second chance. Much of 
Arisla 's success has come with fully de-
veloped artists who had e caped stagnant 
situations with their previou label -
Graham Parker, Lou Reed , Dionne 
Warwick and the Kinks being standout 
examples. Arista now ha a respectable 
twelve albums in Billboard' Top 200 and 
Davis predicts the label will continue to 
grow. 

Smith Draws 
Intellectual Crowd 

READING POETRY AT THE Fox VENICE 
THEATER on the eve of her recent L.A. 
concert, Patti Smith drew an audience the 
likes of which even her mystic sense 
couldn't have foreseen. Smith wanted to 
read from The Tide' That Exploded and 
asked if anyone present had a copy. "Oh, 
wow," a woman in the twelfth row 
exclaimed. "I've got it at home. Can you 
wait while I get it?" Moments later her date 
put forth this observation: "The reason 
we're full of shit is because we're only here 
right nowl" Later, a panel of gag writers 
agreed they couldn't create such pure 
nonsense at any price. 

Yeah, But Who Plays 
The Blonde? 

MOVIOLA, AN .. HOUR MINISDIU for NBC 
baKd on the not-yet-published book by 
Garson K.min, will present some factual 
reminiscences of real-life Hollywood 
giants. No one has been cast as Garbo, 
Manlyn Monroe, or David Selznick, but 
the inside Garbo track is reportedly 
crowded with Dominque Sanda, Isabelle 
Adjani and Marthe Keller, not one of 
whom is Swedish. 

Strange Bedfellows Dept. 
BARRY MANILOW AND IAN HUNTER. 
Strange enough co~bination for you? 

"Ships," taken from the ex-Molt the Hoople 
limey rocker's recent hit LP, You' re N~r 
Alone willa a Scltiwpiarmic, will be woven into 
the sweeping romantic schlock of Barry 
Manilow's next release, One Voice. IL may 
even be the first single released . Hunter 
might find it hard to face his friends 
afterward, but at least he'll be able to af-
ford darker sunglaaacs. 

#1 with a Bullet 
MoaalD nDru MAY UCAU. the january, 
1978 cue of Brenda Spencer, a San DiCJO 
min acculCd of wasting two people and 
wouftding eight children with rifteshou at 

a local elementary chool because she was 
in a tormy Monday mood . The flam-
boyant Boomtown Rats wove Spencer ' 
quote -" I don 't like Mondays" - into a 
song of the arne name. Now, with the song 
Number One in England and being con-
sidered for the Rats ' next U.S . album , 
attorneys for Spencer want it ·topped . 

" It add fi re to a very volatile situation ," 
says attorney Michael D. McGlinn , "It 
makes fun of a tragic case:' 

Bob Geldof, ex-rock critic mastermind 
of the Boomtown Rats, claims the song 

"does not exploit" the Spencer incident, but 
rather attempts "to understand why it 
happened." Actually, it neither adds fire , 
makes fun nor ,memplS to understand. It 
tells Spencer's story in a most oblique 
fashion , not mentioning names or gunfire, 
framed by choruses of "Tell my why/l 
don't like Mondays." 

Still \\brking 
ROBERT STIGWOOD, the Australian 
music/movie mogul, will produce four 
films in New 'tUrk over the next 18 months, 
with a total budget of $25 million. Stiggie 
will oversee the productions from his yacht 
Sanna, anchored in New )brk harbor (such 
a rough life) . The films: Times Square , a 

"youth-oriented contemporary drama with 
a heavy emphasis. on music" ; The Fan, star-
ring Lauren Bacall, based on the best-
selling Broadway thriller; Angel, about a 
girl in Spanish Harlem, to be directed and 
choreographed by Patricia Brich, who de-
signed the dance steps in Grease; and 
Stoyin' Alive, a familiar phrase from a Nor-
man Wexler screenplay (he wrote Saturday 
Night Frou; get the connection?). Oh yes, 
RSO will release four soundtrack albums, 
no surprise. 

PAUL MICHAEL GLASER, Starsky of TV 
fame, finally found a movie he wants to 
make, called Pltobia, [0 film in Canada, di-
rected by john Huston, with a screenplay 
by Ronald Shusett, who co-w rote Alim. \n, 
it's supposed to be scary. 

MARIEL HEMINGWAY is currently working 
out with a UCLA track coach to prepare 
for her upcoming role of Olympic track 
star in Personal BesI, with script by Robert 
Towne (Shampoo, ChinatQwn) . 
HARRY REEMS, the porno actor who was 
arrested and tried (later acquitted) in 
Memphis for his performance inDup 
Throat a few years back, has finally landed a 
fully-clothed role in a non-porno flick. In 
The Squad, to be filmed in Montreal, 
Reems' character, Mr. Clean -leader of a 
police vice squad - will be a parody of the 
Memphis di trict attorney who busted 
Reems. Stay out of Tennessee, Harry. 

BRIAN DE PALMA, who last perpetrated 
T~ F .. ry, will next direct Dressed It) Kill, yet 
another thriller/murder mystery. 

JAIRS GARNO hal already signed up for 
another N Be seria when hisR«/ifurd Fills 
run. its gamut. If this lICiIIIOn is Rockford's 

last, Garner will take a year off and return 
with an as -yet-unannounced series. 
Meanwhile, Garner has separated from 
wife Lois and taken up with Lauren BacaU; 
they co-starred in Robert Altman's Health. 

Random Newts 
THE CARS HAVE A STRANGE cleanup cam-
paign : Any girl who wants to get backstage 
and next to a Car must first take a shower 
with the group . Does any of this have a 
purpose? "Just to see ifthe girls will go for 
it ," said a bemused Elektra spokesman . 
Perhaps the Cars think VD can be washed 
away. 

NICARAGUA will be a film based on the 
four-year diary of a Nicaraguan journalist, 
set against the background of the recent 
revolution. And who better to star in a film 
about Nicaragua than an actual Nicara-
guan, Bianca Jagger? 

WARREN ZEVON, reportedly still on the 
wagon, recently came in second place for 
the "Best Poet" Balrog Award at the \\brld 
Fantasy Convention. ~teran tale-spinner 
Ray Bradbury nosed Zevon oul. Balrogs, 
Tolkein fans will remember, are a form of 
Lord of the Rings creepy-crawly. 

5 

, 
SKATES ON THE SKIDS?? Seen passed out, 
mid-day, on a bus bench at Hollywood and 
Vine: a bum, thirty-ish , in a dirty t- hirt, a 
stabbed hean tattoo-and roller kates! 

Re-associated 
THE ASSOCIATION is re-forming with all iu 
original members (except the late Brian 
Cole) : Terry Kirkman, Russ Giguere,Jules 
Alexander, Jim Yester, Ted Bluechel, 
Larry Ramos. One of the Sixties' ~t.suc­
cessful groups (Cherish , Along C01lUS Mary) 
and olle of the mo t effective vocal groups 
of any decade, the Association's original 
members have been pursuing solo careers 
for several years while an ersau group cal-
ling itself the Association still tours the 
country. According to Jim Yester, "Ted 
Bluechel was the last to leave; he leased the 
name to that other O'utfiL We'll get him for 
that:' Ye ter said they decided to regroup 
last Christmas when they reunited for a 
Home Box Office Artists of the Sixties 
show. "It sounded so good, we aU decided 
to give it a shot:' They're rehearsing now, 
with several la~ls anxious to hear the re-
sults. As for that other Association: "We'll 
have to work that out; we may have to end 
up calling ourselves the Original Associa-
tion or something like that." 



• 

ay TEIUlY AT&lNSON 

We know that face, that ever-so-cle-gant voice. It'sa Monty Python. the one who plays all the 
docton and soIdien and London 
bobbin with \\Hsh accents. King 
Arthur in Monty P,IIw" .rttl Iltt 
Hoi, Grail. He's the (relative) 
Ilraight man in a loony bin, the 
foil, he's the tall blond one, 
Graham Chapman. 

Chapman has been a Python 
,ince 1969 when Mil"" p,lIton's 
FI,i", Circus first beamed over 
the BBC at 11:30 Sunday nights 
because, as one Python has 
noted, "the BBC thought no one 
would be watching." This series 
came to U.S. TV lations four 
years ago, at about the same time 
their fint film, Attd Now JOT SOIIIe-
tlti", Co"./1leltl, Dijferntl was re-
leased and cen by very rabid-
but very few - fanl. MDfIIJ P-JI/tort 
afltl tlte Hoi, Grail followed soon 
after and did very well, earning 
$10 million so far ($5 million in 
the U.S. alone); hundreds of 
thousand laughed at the knight 
getting his arms and legs cut off. 
and the big wooden rabbit, and 
other nonsense. In this time the 
group relea ed five record 
albums: Mont, Python's Fl,ing 
Circus on BBC; Another Monty 
p , thon R uord, Monty Python 's 
Matching Tit & H andlctTchieJ, 
Monly Python' Prroious Record, 
a nd Live at DTurJ Lane, all on 
Charisma. But yet very few 
people could recognize the tall 
blond Pylhon if he \\'ere seen, for 
instance, shopping at the local 
supermarket withuut his King 
Arthur beard. 

" I'm by nature a little la zy," 
Ch a pOlan says, si pping a Tab in hi 
rented Hollywood Hills home. He 
speaks oftly, with that British 
upperclass accent; very polite . 

"Provided I've got enough to do, 
I'm not pushy for parts," so he is 
usually assigned the less Ham-
boyant roles in Python films and 
TV sketches . John Cleese, the 
Tower of Fume," is "more grotes-
que; certainly more recognizable 
with that chin ." These two tallest 
Pythons are fl'el\uen t wl' iting 
parrners, and in fact are respon-
sible for the story line of Life oj 
Brian, the group's latest film, as 
well as some of the most revered , 
hysterica l. monumentally mad 
momenls in Python TV history: 
the Dead Parrot, the Cheese 
Shop and thc Argument Clinic, 
among others. Although they all 
write together in the en e that 
they all omribute whatever and 
whenever they're so in lined 

hapman-Cleese are mo t often 
partners while Terry Jones and 
Michael Palin frequently write 
together, and Eric Idl e usually 
w rites alone ; Terry Gilliam, the 
graphic artist, also writes.- and 
a-directed, with J o nes , Holy 

Gmil. 
We'd never know any of lhis if 

they didn't occasionally break 
down and can fess, as there are no 
clues to their individual con-
tributions listed in their television 
series or albums. Their films list 
them in their various guises, but 
a these are usually di.lguises, it's 
sti ll difficult to tell one from 
the other. 

There ne still some devoted 
Python fans who ca n't tell Jones 
from Palin : Jones is short with 
dark hair and likes to remove hi 
lathe; P'dlin has lighter hair, i 

also short and is usually but not 
always clothed ; Palin has ho ted 

Saturday Night Live and starred in 
the best-forgotten Jabbuwoclt,. 
Idle (who also hosted a Saturday 
Night Live) has a long face and a 
very distinctive, one might even 
say grating, voice. Idle was the 
creative force behind another TV 
show, The Rutles, a near-perfect 
sati re on the rise ofthe Beatles; it 
bombed in the ratings. 

Perhaps all this fragmentati n 
and individual endeavor will at 
last bring the Pythons epa rate 
identities. For Chapman, it might 
bring even more - an acting 
career, for instance. His portrayal 
of Brian transcends the sillines ; 

" It was an imeresting part, not 
getting beards glued on or hav-
ing to wear terrible wigs," Chap-
man says with omewhat typical 
modesty. Chapman has just fin-
ished a film project of hi s own, 
Tht OddJob, in whi h he tars and 
which h wrote and o-produ ed 

with friend Be rnard McKenna 
(who appears in Life of Brian ; all 
very incestuous). Since Thl! Odd 
Job (about a man who hires 
another man to kill him , then 
changes his mind, a not unfamil-
iar plot), Chapman and 
McKenna have been writing yet 
another film , a pirate movi e 
called K!lIow Beard, and Chapman 
has started work on a book called 
A Liar's Autobiography, which he 
describe s a fiction and non-
fiction . " It's going to be very hard 
to sort out the lies from the truth, 
a il i.s in real life. It' Volume 6, 
for a tart. You 're not going to 
knuw whether the I'e' a Volume I 
or nolo I'm not telling anybody." 

But for the se next several 
weeks LiJt oj Brian will take ome 
of Chapman's attention, what 
with the group' and film' 
main tream coverage in PlaybOJ 
Rolling SItnU!, et al. HolJ Grail may 

, 

October, 1979 

have started life with a cu lt fol-
lowing, but Brian is already the 
Big Time. 

Which is weird, considering it's 
an irreverent swipe at religion, 
that most sacred of cows, and 
other ancient travesties. LiJe oj 
Brian is set in Judea at the time of 
Christ; Brian is a young man 
who, despite his protests, is de-
clared the Messiah by his desper-
ately hopeful followers , and his 
life parallels that of Jesus in sev-
eral ways. Satire, of course, runs 
rampant. So do absurd and un-
expected twists , set against a 
realistic background that avoids 
anachronisms. There are lepers 
who don't want to be cured be-
cause it ruins their business (beg-
ging and groveling), Roman sol-
diers who speak like London 
bobbies, crowds that shout in un-
ison like throngs in a Cecil B. 
DeMille spectacular. 

Ah, blasphemy, you say - and 
so did the film 's initial backer, 
EMI, which pulled out and left 
the film Hat until it was rescued by 
George Harrison , a long-time 
Python admirer. Harrison be-
came co-executive-producer, 
found the funding (it cost $4 
million) and even appears in the 
film as Mr. Papadopoulis (he has 
one line). 

When Life oj Brian opened in 
Los Angeles a few weeks ago, 
local newspaper letter columns 
were filled with sputtering, rag-
ing messages from offended Jews 
and Christians alike . 

Chapman contends that Life oj 
Brian is not offensive to Christ-
ians. "Even though we are agno -
tics, I think Jesus comes out of it 
very well . It's not at all blasphem-
ous; in fact , it' quite moral. 
Warner/Orion (distributors of 
Brian in the U.S.) has not asked 
for a single cut." 

But Brian started out as a 
slightly more scandalous idea . 

''After we'd done some publicity 
work for Graii, we all wenttoeatat 
a Chinese restaurant in London. 
It was the first time the group had 
been together for some time, and 
we were say ing, ' What next? ' 
Somebody said, 'Why don't we go 
for the big one?' Then Eric 
uggested, 'Why don't we ca ll it 

J t us Christ - Lust fOT Glor,,' as a 
kind of joke. Then we all began to 
think, well, wait a moment, there 
might be something in that -the 
area of religion , the origins of 
religion, maybe." 

And it came to pass the the six 
Pythons and a large cast and crew 
assembled in Thnisia (coinciden-
tally the location for some of StaT 
Wars, which mayor may not have 
in pired a bizarre live action/ 
animation outer- pace interlude 
in the middle of Brian) . "\\e wer 

(Continutd on page 18) 

Octobet-,l979 

can 
you be 

br~bed1 
You get $35.21 in bribes when you try 10 DAK ML90 
high energy cassettes risk free for on'y $2.19 
each. Your bribe ;s bigger than your purchase! 

Hits off to Maxell, TheJr UOXL CII-
sette established a new standard of 
sound quality for all cassettes. 

The new OAK ML90 starts another 
new technology. A technology of pro-
tection from HI frequency loss and of 
extreme reliability. 

Later we are going to offer you valu-
able bribes, just for testing these cas-
settes. risk free; so read ani 

YOUR nIlE IS PRECIOUS 
Imagine yourself just finishing record-

Ing the second side of a 90 minute cas-
sette and horrors, the cas.ette jams. 
Tape Is wound around the capstan, your 
recorder may be damaged and you've 
just wasted 90 minutes of your time and 
perhaps lost a great recording off FM. 

Enter OAK. We manufacture over one 
million units of cassette tape each 
month in our factory. Many of our tapes 
are used for high speed duplication 
where they are recorded at speeds up 
to 8 times normal. This Is the ultimate 
stress for cassettes and causes more 
failures than. any other use. ' 

When we first started, 12 years ago, 
OAK's cassettes failed, just like many 
.others. So we Installed over $20,000 

orth of high speed duplication equip-
ment at our factory and set out to design 
the perfect cassette. 

MOLYSULFIDE 
Failure after failure. For six years we 

substituted, remade, tested and retested 
until we positively linked the major 
cause of cassette failure to the slip 
sheets, or liners In the cassette. Evi-
dently, 3M and TOK were hot on our 
heels, because they have now also ' 
come out with new liners. 

We developed polyester slip sheets 
with raised spring loaded ridges to 
guide each layer of tape as It winds. We 
coat the liners with a unique formula-
tion of graphite and a new chemical, 
molysulflde. 

Molysulflde reduces friction several 
times better than graphite and allows the 
tape to move more freely within the 
cassette. The molysulfide is tougher and 
makes the liner much more resistant to 
wear. 

HI frequency protection I Tape Is basi-
cally plastic, and as It moves within the 
cassette Internal friction causes the 
build up of static electriCity, much as 
rubbing a balloon against your hair, or 
scuffing your shoes on a carpet In dry 
weather. 

Static electricity within the cassette 
was drastically reduced by the low fric-
tion of the molysulflde and easily bled 
off, so that Its tendency to erase very 
high frequencies was drastically re-
duced. A very Important consideration 
for often played tapes. 

MAXELL IS BETTER 
Yel, honestly, If you own I $1000 cas-

lette deck like I Nakamlcl, the fre-

quency responses of Maxell UOXL or 
TOK SA are superior 10 OAK and you 
jUlt might be able to hear the difference. 

OAK ML has a frequency respon .. 
that is flat from ",Ocps to 14,500 ± 3db. 
Virtually all cassette recorders priced 
under $800 are flat ± 3db from .ocps to 
about 12,OOOcps, so we have over 
2000cps to spare, and you'll probably 
never notice the difference. 

No .,oeo.,. We feel that we have 
equaled or exceeded the mechanical 
reliability of virtually all cassettes and 
oHer one of the best frequency re-
sponses In the Industry. Maxell UOXL Is 
truly the Rolls Royce of the industrv, and 
OAK is comparable to the 100% US 
made Cadillac or Corvette! 

PrIce OAK manufactures the tape we 
sell. You avoid paying the wholesaler 
and retailer profits. While Maxell UOXL 
90s may sell for $3.50 to $4.50 each at 
retail, OAK ML90s sell factory direct to 
you for only $2.19 each complete with 
deluxe boxes and index insert cards. 

YOU WIN 
You are paying less for the 10, 90 

minute cassettes than you would pay 
for the comparable bribes we are offer-
ing if you went to a Radio Shack store. 

CHECK THE VALUE OF THE DAK 
BRIBES AT RADIO SHACK 

The next time your batteries are dead 
In a calculator, radio, flashlight or bat-
tery operated recorder, you'll be glad 
you have this versatile battery elimina-
tor AC adaptor. 

You'II save lots of 'money on batteries 
because now you can plug In, instead of 
using up expensive batteries. 4 voltages: 
3, 4.5, 6 and 9 volts plus "' plugs to fit 
virtually anything battery powered. Radio 
Shack sells a similar 4 voltage adaptor 
for $9.95. 

Think of It, 10 of the most commonly 
used six foot hook up cords with RCA 
plugs at each end. You can connect 
friends recorders, extra tuners, or vlrtu-
allv any stereo equipment. You'll cer-
tainly appreciate these cords In the 
yeara to come. Radio Shack sells their 

Ilx foot cords for $1.89 each. 
You need clean tape head. to make 

good recordings. The e .. lest way to 
clean your heads Is with OAK'. 12 oz. 
deluxe .pray head cleaner, complete 
with handy snorkel ' tUbe. Radio Shack 
doesn't sell a single larqe 12 oz. can, 
but 12 oz. from them costl $8.31. 

The comparlble Radio Shack price. 
are not list prices, but the actual price. 
you would pay at I store when this Id 
was written. 

Your. Fr •• 

WE WIN TOO 
Customers like you are very valuable 

In the form of future business. We an-
ticipate receivinQ over 6000 orders and 
4500 repeat customers from this adver-
tisement to add to our list of over 57,000 
"actives." We are bettin~ you will buy 
our cassett~s again, and we are put-
ting our money where our mouth lsi 

TRY OAK ML90 FREE 
We want you to try these high energy 

cassettes on your own recorder without 
obligation for 30 days. If you aren't 
100% satisfied for any reason, simply 
return the tapes and bribes to OAK for a 
full refund. 

To order your 10 OAK ML90 minute 
high energy cassettes and receive your 
$35.21 bribe with your credit card, 
simply call toll free 800, 423-2636, (in 
Calif. call 213-984-1559) or send your 
check for $21 .90 plus $3 for postage 
and handling for each croup of 10 cas-
settes and bribes to OAK. (Calif. resi-
dents add 6% sales tax) . 

OAK unconditionally guarantees all 
OAK cassettes for one year against any 
defects in material or workmanship. 

Why not order an extra group of 10 
OAK ML90 cassettes for yourself or a 
friend? We will add one free ML90 cas-
sette to each additi,nal 10 you buy and 
of course you get all 3 bribes with each 
group of 10 tapes. 

~DAK INDUSTRIES _ ~ INCORPORATED 
Call TOLL·FREE .... . ....... (800) 423-2636 
In California Call ......... . .. (213) 984-1559 
10845 Vanowen St., North Hollywood, CA 91605 

7 . 



• A 1''1+rsaDd October, J979 
October, 1979 

Dope, Sex ill 
Cheap Thrills 
Everyone always told us that rock and roll 
was sordid, druggy and decadent, totally 
without redeeming social value. Now we 
hear it again, only more so: Tony anchez 
lays out a tawdry, pervel'se world of the 
Rolling tones in a gossipy, que tionable 
book titled Up and Down with the Rollillg 
tones (William Morrow, 8.95) that is cer-

tain to make just about everyone sick to hi 
or her stomach. 

The main thing we learn by reading 
anchez's account of the band from the 

cady Sixties to Mick' wedding to Bianca is 
that the human body can inge t all sorts of 
death-inducing drugs and still defy the 
grim reaper. Chapter and verse on just 
about every illegal substance known to 
man is recited in gross detail until I wanted 
LO cry uncle. Apparently Sanchez worked 
for Keith and his common-law wife, nita 
PaJlenberg, for a number of years, mainly 
as a gofer and procurer; when one repor-
ter asked the Stones' publicist who San-
chez really was , Paul Wassennan replied 
cogclllly, "a gentleman's gentleman:' 

Ah, if it were only so. If only a percen-
tage of this book could be true, the life de-
picted is still a dizz ing descent into de-
baucheryoil a juvenile level. These heroes 
of rock and roll aren't very nice people, in 
fact they're quite rude, mean and misera-
ble. Sanchez isn't concerned with their tal-
ent (he only give Brian Jones creliit for 
that), he' more interested in telling u 
about their bad skin, their sexual activity 
(Keith, he says, is a non-energetic lover) 
and their conquest of illegaJ substances. 

Keith emerges as a weak-willed person, 
LOrally dominated by the powerful Anita 
(the "sixth" Stone by virtue of her romps 
with Brian, Keith and Mick), who prac-
ticed black magic and put a curse on 
Bianca wben she married Mid. because, 
Sanchez says, Anita wanted Mick for her-
self. Mick doesn't fare much better - he's 
dismissed as hopele sly middle-class and 
incapable of ca ri ng about anyone. Sanchez 

"proves" that by saying Mick refused to rec-
ognize Marianne Faithfull 's dependence 
on heroin and then co-opted her first line 
when awakening from a coma, "Wild 
horses couldn't drag me away," for a song. 

Other of our fave raves also Hit across 
Sanchez's book to more or less disastrous 
results, including John Lennon (once on 
heroin), Paul McCartney (high on himself) 
and Eric Clapton, to say nothing of Ron 
Wood, who eventually out-Stones the 
lones in perversity. Conspicuous by their 

absence are Charlie Wellls and Bill Wyman, 
who apparently don't take drugs or live 
with women who like to bed young girls. 
Ah well, maybe someone else will tell us 
their secrets. 

J.:obII At_ 

Rius: Reinventing 
Comix 
The comic book has suffered many unex-
pected fates in ourtime, some oCthe worst 
of these dealt out by the relentlessly well-
meaning in tructional-media people. 
These individual tend to regard the 
comic as a Skid Row wino who can be made 
to traighten up and fly right in the service 
of education. The result is usually a series 
of drawings concerning a imultaneou Iy 
tormented-and dull-looking young peJ"!iOn 

~ho needs, gets and a imilates informa-
lion on career opportunitie or sexually 

Ampersand 

transmitted di eases. This is a curiou state 
of affairs, since the essential compatibility 
of instruction and elegant amusement has 
been evident since ancient fable-telling 
times. 

Rius (Eduardo del Rio) is the self-taught 
Mexican graphics genius who managed to 
fuse the wild invention of the best comic 
with out-and-out, unabashed tea hing. 
Political satire was Rius's original specialty 
(in Los agachados, translatable as the 
clobbered-down, perhap , and indicative of 
the short-end-of-of-the-stick segment of 
society, and in Los stl/Jermachos). W>rking in 
thi role quickly brought him to an un-
happy limitation : the generally low level of 
socio-political awareness among readers. 
The kind of humor Rius wanted to do was 
a critique of the organizing mechanisms of 
a bureaucratic-capitalistic state, 
and it required a reader alerted to the 
contradictions inherent in such a society. 

The obviou solution to such difficulties 
is to cartoon at the readers' level, but Rius 
chose not to. In tead, he made his grdphic 
h u morthe SOli rce of di ff usion for concepts 
and information necessary to a com-
pl'ehension of social weirdnesses, which 
could then be found funny in a h rrible 
way. Smoothly worked into the fabric of 
silliness were whole bundles of data, statis-
tics and all, about electioneerin~, media 
bombardment, dollar imperiahsm and 
class distinctions. Rius readers, far from 
rejecting this teacherliness, formed a mas-
sive cult. They followed Rius's innovation 
of a full-length comic-book treatment of 
one question : TB as social problem, uni-
ver ity unease, election fraud. When, at 
one point, Rius lost control of Los super-

. machos and a more mainstream bunch 
came in, it became clear the preachy car-
toonist had a following that would go with 
him wherever he cared to publish. The ul-
timate mutation of the Rius comic was its 
transformation into nco-textbook . The 
Rius audience, having started out with a 
relatively standard batch of funnies, was 
now willingly purchasing and ab orbing 
introductory texts on Marx, Cuba and 
petro madness. 

Rius's work has only sporadically in-
vaded the United States. A raggedy news-
print edition ofCuha/or Beginners surfa ed 
in Berkeley in English. Marx/or Btginners 
was occasionalJy available as a British im-
port item. Now, suddenly, Rius is here. A 
U.S. translation of Marx/or Beginners 
(Pantheon Books, $2.95) is on sale; pages 
of it have appeared in The Village Voice. 
Richard Appignanesi, the translator, fol-
lowed the same model in his Lenin JOT Be-
ginners (also from Pantheon and $2.95). I 
have nOI seen the latter work, but Andrew 
Hacker reports it is like Rius only less en-
gaging. 

Why exactly do readers accept being 

Polito 
in the 

funnies 

lectured by Rius , sometime at con idera-
ble length? Visually. he wins the eye over 
with his rampant eclecti ism. He has a 
Ralph Bakshi-like fondness for mixing the 
hand-drawn with the image. Quaint and 
fusty-looking drawings fascinate him, and 
not only for reasons of opyright; not 
content with ran acking old adver-
tisements and illustrated manuals, he fab-
ricates his own instantly pa se graphics. In 
Marx, the capitalist exploiters display a 
luxury of soaring silk hats and wai tcoats, 
with heavily furbelowed womenfolk. The 
poor are wretched in the approved Dic-
kensian mode. In tune with the melod-
ramatic tenor of th vi uals, Rius provides 
his figures with larger-than-life dialogue. 

young intellectual of Marx' day, cageI' to 
illuslrate the ferment of heavy ideas Iypi-
cal of the moment, has a balloon hanging 
over hi s head with the words "What is 
Man?" 

If Marx/or Beginllers really €atches on, 
there is a wealth of relevant Rius material 
waiting to be Engli hed and distributed. 
Some of his work i too specific to Mexico 
to win wide audiences elsewhere - for in-
stance, an exposee of right-wing dirty 
business at the University of Monterrey. 
Others, such as hi recently-issued comic 
analysis of the new Mexico-petroleum-
and-U .. situation, have a more world-
wide relevance (the petro-document also 
shows how much teaching and how little 
drawn-and-doodled visual interruption 
Rius can get away with) . In fact, Rius 
already has a U.S . following among per-
sons able to read panish. One devotee, 
Phyllis Procter, wrote her 1972 doctoral 
dissertation about him (University of 
Texas), while others limit themselves to 
reading Rius when they should probably 
be doing something more required and 
less educational. The obvious eventual re-
sult would be a cooptation of the inimitable 
Rius's techniques by .. manufacturers 
of instructional materials ; hardly a fate 
worse than what they now give us. Even if 
Rius's complere work were to vanish in-
tantaneously from the lIrface of rhe 

earth, he would still have made a very sig-
nificant point about the potential for re-
novating mas -culture artifacts and a -
commodating them to the purpo es of in-
creasing political and social awarenes . 

NlIOml Lindstrom 

White Love in the 
Dark Continent 
Until the time of Jomo Kenyatta and Julius 
Nyere, Africa may have belonged to the 
blacks by birthright, but it wa the white 
European colonists, who, in their supreme 
self-rightousness, imposed themselves by 
force as rulers and took from the land, 
and the people, whatever they wanted. 
And though the three tales in Georges 
Simenon'sA/ricall Trio (Harcourt Brace 
Jovanovich, $9.95) are personal , intense, 

psychol~ical portraits, they are based in 
this ambience of supremecy. disregard, 
expendability. The blacks understood 
their position implicitly and simply 

accepted it- they had not 
yet t he power 

to 

9 

change the political order. But Simenon 
stretches our horizons by showing that 
life was hard for everyone in Africa 
in the Thirties and Forties, white and 
black , aristocrat and commoner alike. 
And he makes this point ring true by hav-
ing his European character endure 
great suffering - the white man may be 
'mas a' but he pays a heavy price for 
that honor. 

Each of these novelettes (they run about 
100 pages apiece) by the inventor of that 
famou Pari ian personality, Inspector 
Maigret , is from the outset filled with 

foreboding, so thar the trek through these 
page is not always pleasant, but it is cer-
tainly provocative. 

A strange, irrational love affair, with 
people distinctly unsuited for each other, is 
central to each tory. In Talatala, the owner 
of a coffee plalllantion in the upper Bel-
gian Congo fall in love with an English 
noble woman whose small plane ha 
crashed on his property. He follows her 
blindly to I tanbul only to be totall y 
rebuked - she has a husband and children 
and her life goes on . The young pro-
tagonist of TrofJic Mooll arrives in French 
Equatorial Africa and finds that the job 
he's come for doesn't exist. He is educed 
by a tainted hotel proprietress and her 
subsequent disdain for him only deepens 
his atta hmentto her, eventually, with the 
help of a case of dengm fever, driving him 
pastlhe brink of sanity. Aboard the Aquilaine 
finds a Congo Railway engineer' wife fai-
ling for the hip's purser. When he jilts her, 
she begins amours with a poor account 
clerk who's been put into first clas , in tead 
of the 'econd he's paid for, for the sake of 
his ill baby and his weakened wife . This 
liaison ends frightfully when the clerk 
strikes a wealthy passenger and is banished 
from th premier section' dining room 
and bar. 

The atmosphere surrounding these af-
fairs i dark,dank, unhealthy, ominoll . 
Everywhere it's incredibly hoI. People are 
constantl sweating through their clothing 
and bedding and the tench of humanit 
hang1 in the humid air. Pas ions ri and 
death lip in ils sure hand : an overzealOll 
commissioner, and the reality oflife in the 
bu h, leads his young a i tantto lak hi 
own life; a blackmailing native re eives 
lead instead of the 1000 fran c he e -
pected . imellon doesn't dwell 011 thes 

(Co7ltiTllud on pagt 22) 



"Man always kills the 
thing he loves, and so we 
the pioneers have killed 
our wilderness. Some say 
we had to. Be that as it 
may, 1 am glad 1 shall 
never be young without 
wild country to be 
young in:' 

ALOO LEOPOLD 

"Integrity is wholeness, 
the greatest beauty is 
organic wholeness, the 
wholeness of life and 
things, the divine beauty 
of the universe. Love 
that, not man apart 
from that . ... " 
ROBINSON JEFFERS 

liThe love of wilderness 
is more than a hunger for 
what is always beyond 
reach; it is also an ex-
pression of loyalty to the 
earth, (the earth which 
bore us and sustains us), 
the only home we shall 
ever know, the only para-
dise we ever need - if 
only we had the eyes 
to see:' 

EDWARD ABBEY 

Octoi-, 1979 

II~ need wilderness 
preserved-as much of it 
as is still left, and as many 
kinds . .. It is important to 
us . .. simply because it is 
there-important, that is, 
simply as an idea:' 

WALLACE STEGNER 

Sierra Club 
MilisTower, San Francisco, 94104 

OitDl-.1979 

More 
Champagne, 
Hold the 
1equila 

BY BYRON LAURSEN 

11 

A chilled split of Moet- handon cham-
pagne effervescing in front of him, Jimmy 
Buf1'eu, 32, sits crossways in a posh Hotel . 

arlyle armchair. Midtown Manhattan 
and a dark green limousine wait twelve 
storie below, where thousands of office 
workers are now pouring home by suD-
way and abo A resolute 'Bama grin set-
tles on his face. " I work hard for my 
money:' says he. Millions of his best friend 
wou ld scoff. 

To much of his audience, which grew 
from cult to mass after 1977's " Mar-
garitavi lle" hit single, Bu !felt embodies the 
lifestyle his a lbum s delineate - pub 
rawling, rum-Iubed Caribbean wises, 

infinite vacationecring. \\brking ain't in it. 
But Buffett , by now a twelve-year music 
busines vet , also logs a hundred-show-
per-year s hedule, carting a twenty-seven 
perso n entourage. " You have to be a 
businessman ," he says. " Ifyou're in there 
for longevity, YOll've got to have some 
practical sense." 

Pnlctical 'eme Buffett has , plus a gre-
garious turn of nature, a love of storytel-
ling and a folkie's command of guitar. 

ombined with an urge for longevity, 
these have made him the author of several 
light and smartly crafted tunes, mostly 
about romano ally carefree, adventurous 
living. Buffett's albums are the soundtrack 
for being twenty-five year old into per-
petuity. "There's a lot of other people 
writing what I call 'piss-and-moan' songs," 
he says, locking his hand behind his head, 
squirming lower in the armchair, hooking 
a leg over the side, "I write e apism music. 
I don't draw from the traumas." 

Practical sense has Buffett in Manhattan 
for a four-day stretch of interviews to push 
Volcano, his eighth LP and fir t for the 
M A label, which recently bought out 
ABC Records. The day before he took in 
ailboat races up at Martha' Vineyard, the 

guest of friends James Taylor and Carly 
imon, well-to-do authors of many a piss-

and-moan song. Today he flew early in the 
afternoon by chartered plane into La 
Guardia Airport and rode by limo to the 
RCA Building,just in time to appear on 
omedian Robert Klein' radio talk show, 

Born 1946 on Christmas Day in Pas-
cagoula , Mississippi, Bu ffell ca me up in 
Mobile, Alabama , "On the coast," he 
clarifies, "The Gulf Coast, which is not like 
what you think of the rest of Alabama. It's 
very loose:' Childhood reading, in luding 
Robert Wilder' Winds from tht Carolinas, 
hooked him permanently on aribbean 
lore. He played folkie dates whil earning 
a journalism degree at the niver ityof 
Southern Mississippi . H lOured cocktai l 
lounge, got married, moved to Nashville 
for a roll at song-selling, took a job at 
Billboard, the music bu inessjournal, made 
a IUdy there of the "politic and working" 
of th indu try, and finally contracted it re-
cord deal with an outfIt ca lled Barnaby 
Re ords. The re. ulting first LP didn't II 

(C()1Ilinllfd on /J"gf 22) 



11 

u 

ff 

H 

e. 

or oun 

Music is full of color. Incredibly beautiful 
color. Color that you can hear .. . and (if you 
close your eyes) color you can almost see. 
From the soft pastel tones of a Mozart to 
the bliniing brilliant flashes of hard rock to 
the passionately vibrant blues of the Blues. 

In fact, one of the most famous tenors 
in the world described a passage as "brown 
... by brown I mean dark. .. rich and fuJI' 

Music does have color. Yet when most 
people listen to music they don't hear the 
full rich range of color the instruments are 
playing.They either hear music in black-
and-white, or in a few washed-out colors. 

That's a shame. Because they're miss-
ing the delicate shading, the elusive tints 
and tones, the infinite hues and variations 
of color that make music one of the most 
expressive, emotional and moving arts of all 

Music has COlOI All kinds of COlOI And 
that is why Sony is introducing audio tape 
with Full Color Sound. 

Sony- ta~ with Full Color 
Sound can actually- record 
more soond than ~ can hear. 

So that every tint and tone 
and shade and hue of color 
that's in the original music will 

be on the Sony tape. Every single nuance 
of color, not just the broad strokes. 

Sony tape with Full Color ~ is 
truly different Full Color Sound means that 
Sony tape has a gready expanded dynamic 
range - probably more expanded than the 
tape you're using.1his gives an extremely 
high output CNer the entire frequency range, 
plus a very high recording sensitivity. 

There's even roore to Sony tape with 
Full Color Sound, however. Sony has 
invented a new, exclusive SP mechanism 
for smoother running tape, plus a specially 
developed tape surface treatment that gives 
a mirror-smooth surface to gready reduce 
distortion, hiss and other noise. Each type 
of tape also has its own exclusive binder 
formulation, that gives it extra durability 

Any way you look at it -or rather, 
listen to it, you'll find that Sony tape with 
Full Color Sound is nothing short of superb. 

If you're not hearing the 
whole rainbow on your audio 
tape, try recording on Sony 
tape with Full Color Sound 
Then you'll be hearing all the 
gloriOUS full color that makes 
every kind of music, music. 

• "1l'lSany~ ~ ~ .. SanyCorp. «Amorica. Scny II a 1DIiemoIk« Scny~ 
. .. 

15 

• 



PRIMA BELLA 
L.A.'s Dancer/Choreographer 

Bella Lewitzky 
(Who Needs New York?) 

BY ED CItAY 

: .. 

I . 
. ~ . 
. (',1>. 
~ . '"". 
. 1": .. 

hose who live long 
enough. despite the 
endle s pa ta dinners, 
the drafty storefronts 
grandly passed off as 
rehearsal halls. and 

the con tant scrounging to pay 
the lights or the printer or 
phone; tho e who manage to 
maintain some shred of 
integrity, some ense of ide-dis 
still uncorrupted by reality. they 

are called legends. Critics and 
public speak respectfully of 
their dancing, and their 
choreography. 

And if they're lucky-or 
maybe if they're just survivors, 
tough ones, those whose flinty 
sen e of commitment won't let 
them pack it in, or sell out to the 
Dean Martin variety shows - the 
money begins to come. A grant 
from a foundation, another . 
from the federal government 
pay for what couldn't be had 
before or. wonder of wonders. 
even give the dancers a hundred 
bucks a week so they can keep 
their souls together if not their 
stomachs full. 

With a little publi ity. a little 
recognition. the tours get 

longer, the audiences grow from 
sparse clusters of dance freaks 
to enthusiastic coteries. and the 
prestigious universities with 
posh performance centers 
replace community colleges and 
barren multi-purpose rooms on 
the schedule. 

It's a life only for the true 
believer, someone like Bella 
Lewitzky. born as she puts it. 

"into a birthing time when 
modern dance was being 
shaped, fortunately able to be 
part of that:· 

Sixty-three years old. a dancer 
for a long as he can remember. 
a veteran of half-a-hundred 
experiment in the arts and 
education , Lewitzky is the 
grande dame. the legend of 

contemporary dance. If anyone 
has inherited the torch lighted 
by hador .. Duncan and carried 
onwards by Martha Graham. it 
i this elegant woman born in a 
uLOpian socialist community in 
the Mojave De ert In 1916. They 
are her "tap root. and I can't 
but help reAecr their work, 
philo ophy and ethic. To that 
degree I carry forward that 
particular era and pass it on ." 

alifornia . the arbiters of 
dance maintain. is a backwater, 
or a sinkhole of panderers few 
can resist. Arlists do not thrive 
there. they come/rom there , to 
New York , of course, or to 
Europe. e pecially Europe if 
they are opera inger . Bella 
Lewitzky tayed in Los Angele , 
through the early years of 
politically inspired dance. the 
Federal Theater Project of the 
Depression (perhaps the most 
vibrant creative period in 
American history). through the 
frightened years of the blacklist 
when she couldn't even get 
those "pagan" dance jobs in 
Oebra Paget jungle epic that 
paid the I·em. 

he stayed, explaining later 
of avoiding New York. "Pcople 
there are reduced to human 
garbage. You mu t tep over 
them to survive. and survival 
is not what it's all about. I 
have friends who live in 
that atmosphere. They 
create in order to escape 
the environment. I create 
to celebrate the environment:' 

In Los Angeles she taught 
wherever she could. performed 
whenever she could. dreamed of 
her own company, and kept the 
faith . Overweight housewives 
came for a little exercise and she 
taught them. Mothers b~ought 
in their gawky daughters and 
she taught them too, One by 
one she found young dancers. 
people she could mold. people 
she could infuse with her vision. 

Denied a teaching position at 
UCLA in 1954 because she 
wouldn't sign a loyalty oath. 
twelve years later she gave a 
lecture-demonstration at that 
university which became pivotal. 
Invitations followed from other 
universities. and her reputation 
spread. There were workshops 
in Utah. Texas. North Carolina. 
and even a two-month stint in 
Israel as a guest teacher and 
choreographer. 

In 1971. after mQre than 
three decades of grubbing. 
Lewitzky took her company. 
seven women and two "boys"-
male dancers are always 

"boys." regardless of age. 
regardless of marquee-power-
on its first eastern tour. New 
\brk's powerful music pre s. 
which is to say the ~ Hn-A 
TilmJ. discovered her. The 
legend had ome to t. Paul's 
and was canonized. 

She was not then the woman, 
the creator. of earlier years. 
and she is not now. eight year 
later. the horeographer she 
was on that first New '\brk 
tour. Her dancing. then her 

Octob.r, 1979 

choreography - she retired 
from dancing three years ago -
has progressively grown more 
abstract. less concerned with 
stories, with statements even •... 
more focu ed on line and 
movement. on vitality. 

Her newest ballet. "Rituals." 
premiered at Los Angeles' 
prestigious Music Cenl.er in 
1979. carries Lewitzky even 
farther from the program-
matic. It seems like it mighl be 
about racial integration. or 
some kind of integration - black 
costumes on one group. white 
on another, the groups at odd , 
then blending. But that i too 
fa ile an explanation , and 
Lewitzky is long. long paslthe 
obvious political tatements of 
her work in the Federal theater. 
If "Rituals" has any specific 
meaning, that is for the 
audience to decide at that 
performance. As Lewitzky puts 
it. "My works tend to be 
abstractions rather than 
manifestos. Each tends to be 
a new statement of the place 
I am ." 

However much Lewitzky's 
work has evolved, one thing 
seems constant: her fey sense of 
humor. It sneaks in everywhere, 
and is centralLO the rousing 
spoof "Pas de Bach," chore-
ographed in 1977 with a 
decor by former-dancer-
now-clothes-designer Rudi 
Gernreich (he of the topless 
bathing uit) . Lewitzky satirizes 
ani tic snobbery. her fellow 
choreographers who have 
doted upon good J.S. Bach's 
music. Hollywood musicals. 
the Floradora Girls, ballet in 
general , and two or three other 
affectations which flitted by too 
quickly to be identified. 

Not many troupes are so 
wdl trained they can move, en 
masse. from the sober to the 
absurd as deftly as do Lewitzky's 
minions. It is a mark of the 
quality of her teaching and the 
cohesiveness of the eleven 
dancers she has bonded 
together into a work.ing 
company. 

Moreover, she has 
sympathetic technical support. -
notably from music director 
Larry Attaway. whose score for 

"Rituals" is as dichotomous as 
Lewitsky's choreography, 
moving back and forth from 
Notre Dame organum to 
Luciano Berio. Such unity of 
enterprise only the most secure. 
on-going companie achieve. 

They still skimp to make the 
payroll; all dance companies do. 
They still tour mall colleges; 
more dance companies should. 
The lady born into a birthing 
time work.s on. teaching 
contemporary dance anew. 
pa sing it on to the next 
generation. 

It's one of the obligation 
of being legendary in one's 
own time. 

Besides. as she explained, .. , 
don't want to Carry it to the 
grave with me." 

OctoOn-, 1979 

IN BOTH 

Direct-to-Disc 
The Truest Sound? 

O f all the cockeyed inventions the world has ever seen, the phono record must surely be somewhere near the top of the list. It was astonishing 
enough when disc sound was 

all7llono, but then to impress stereo and 
later four-channel sound into the grooves 
is even more incredible, particularly now 
that the disc is a centenarian. 'ret this elec-
tronic senior citizen is still our most im-
portant sound source. 

Tape machines didn't come along until 
many decades after the invention of the 
phonograph. Prior to that development 
the output of a microphone was connected 
directly to the record cutting machine. and 
since just one mike was used, the musicians 
c1uster!!d in a group around it. There were 
several problems. The musicians had to be 
right the first time . and if they made a 
mistake it was recorded directly to the 
grooves. and so they had to start all over 
again. The tempo of a composition was 
ometimes governed by the amount of 

playing time permitted by the record . 'f 
the musical composition couldn't fit, if it 
was too long. the musicians played a bit 
faster. 

When tape finally came along. all that 
changed. The tape could be edited and of-
fending passages removed. With multi-
track recording. musical instruments 
could be recorded separately at different 
times and different places. Recording en-
gineers pieced the whole thing together 
and then a master was made from the final 
tape. Another advantage is that through 
the use of multitrack tape, a variety of spe-
cial effects can be obtained, such as sound 
with 5OUnd, echo, sound on sound. 

No rose without its .horn, no garden 
without its weeds. The problem is that tape 
recorders help limit dynamic range and 
add noise. plus the fact that it. is the re-
cording engineer and not the musical 
conductor wh~ often has the final say 
about the musical content of the master 
tape. Tape decks and tapes also supply 
their own quota of noise and this can be-
come an integral part of the music. 

While tape recording does make life 
easier for the musician. there is a big dif-
ference between performing solo and 
working with a group. In an orchestra 
each musician not only concentrates on his 
instrument hut on the music produced by 
his instrument in relationship to all the 
others. '\bu could say that the musician. in 
a competitive ituation. playing solo to a 
tape recorder. with each instrument to be 
combined later by the re ording engineer. 
is weakened by the lack of incentive. 

Today we have a "new" technique known 
a direct-to-diiIC recording. a throwback to 
the method u ed in the early days of 

phono records . In direCl-to:disc. all the 
musicians mus be assembled and they 
must all play together. As soon as the com-
position starts, a record-cutting lathe goes 
into action. and what is produced is a 
master disc. If any errors are made by the 
musician , those mistakes are also re-
corded. If the faults are serious, there may 
be a retake . an expensive procedure. To 
avoid this possibility, direct-to-di c re-
quires a number of rehearsal sessions. in-
cluding the person operating the CUlling 
lathe. But with tape/record. if a musician 
makes an error. the group or orchestra can 
stop, move back just a few bars and con-
tinue from that point. There is no need to 
start all over again. Musicians are less ap-
prehensive about errors and know that if 
one ?~s happen correction will be kept to 
a mrnlmum. 

Both techniques. direct-to-disc and the 
tape/record process. use microphones and 
mixing consoles. but in direct-to-disc the 
output of the console goes directly to a 
record-cutting lathe and the tape/disc 
process feeds into a 30 ips r~order. 

Recording techniques for direct-to-disc 
and tape/record are essentially the same. 
though. Both methods use microphones 
for changing the sound into an electrical 
waveform: what sound results is based on 
the number and kind of microphones 
used, and their placement. The difference 
is that in direct-to-disc there is no oppor-
tunity for experimenting with mic-
rophone placement. With tape/record. if a 
take isn't quite right. some adjustments 
can be made. However, it isn't all gravy 

. since such experimentation takes time. 
Usually sound engineers have enough ex-
perience to avoid this. 

To be able to hear he difference in 
direct-to-disc as compared with recording 
via tape requires audio components that 
are absolutely top quality. Direc-to-disc re-
cords are more expensive than discs using 
the tape recording process. The higher 
cost is attributable to the fact that these are 
limited editions. Only a certain number of 
pressings can be made from each master. 
and then that's it. As a result, some earlier 
direct-to-disc recordings have become 
collectors' items. With ordinary records, 
the audio signal is put on tape which can 
always be used to cut another master. 

Direct-to-disc recordings are not only 
higher-priced and have a limited number 
of labels, but some record !;tores refuse to 
carry them. Stores that sell records depend 
on built-up demand. but they know that 
even if demand is high, they may not be 
able to fill orders. A characteristic of 
direct-to-disc is limited output and once 
that output is distributed, no more record 
of that particular cutting will be available. 

Direct-to-disc records are being made 
by smaller companies and they don't have 
the top arti ts. Nor is it Likely that big time 
arti 15 will drift over to the direct-to-disc 
recorders ince record royalties from li-
mited a le don't make it worthwhile fin-
ancially. The result is that direct-to-disc of-
fers a limited selection. 

Tho e who had had experience with 
direct-to-disc claim that the sound is 
uperior to records made via tape. It is 

true that with the tape method noise is 
produced by the tape recof'ling process. 
but the fact remains that noise is also pro-
duced by the plating proce s in disc man-
ufa turing. Whether noi e i audible or 
not would em to depend. in both cases. 
on the care and experti e used in r('cord 
rnanufa LUring. 

Mertln Cllflord 

A _.01./-. PlC1I.R£SRIU.-sE 
rtwv ...... O • ....,c_ ~ 

c ..,..."...-.m1~UD.au....,._. 



, /' 

I. 
BOB DYLAN 

Slow Train Coming (Columbia) 
To dispassionatdy review a pro-
WKative blend of music and re-
ligious philosophizing like Slow 
7rain ClJlflmg is impossible. But, if 
Wallace Stevens can propose 

"Thirteen Ways of Looking at a 
Blackbird," can not ,b,persand 
present two ways of looking at an 
album? Forthwith are two biased 
viewpoints. 

This Train Delivers 
With the release of Slow train 
ClJlfling, there is no question left 
to ask regarding Bob Dylan's new 
Christian belief. He himself has 
answered them within the con-
text of this extraordinary LP. \r , 
Dylan is aChri tian; his bdief has 
had a profound effect on his 
world view. the content of hi 
music, the way he looks at himself 
and others. SIt1w 'Train Coming re-
veals a changed man, a change 
extending not only into the fu-
ture but reaching back into the 
pa t. bringing a ense of com-
pleteness to Dylan's long, mercu-
rial career. The ring of authority 
with which this album resounds is 
the sound of prophecy fulfiUed. 

The truest persona in the pro-
lean Mr. Dylan's long public his-
tory was his first; the lone 
sojourner with a guitar. singing 
out against injustice, social, 
spiritual and relational. It is par-
ticularly fitting that, on SIt1w Train 
ClJlfling. Dylan should again find 
his voice of protest, a voice now 
grounded in the conviction that 
there is an answer to the suffering 
and ills comprising our lot, a 
moral certitude that frees him, at 
long last, to again point out 
where we have all gone wrong, 
not excluding himself in the in-
dictment. When Dylan decries 

"fathers turning daughters into 
whores" on "Gonna Change My 
Way of Thinking" or 

"sheik ... deciding America's fu-
ture from Amsterdam or Paris" 
on the LP's title track. it is the 
same chilling, decisive truth il-
luminating "Blowin' in the 
Wind," "The Times They Arc 
a-Changin'" or any of Dylan's 
impassioned, early work. 

The comparison docs not end 
there. Dylan's voice has returned 
to the gravelly, highly emotive 
style of those early days; he has 
never sounded better. more hon-
est or assured in what he is saying. 
His lyrics lack almost competdy 
the purposeful obscurity and 
subliminal metaphorics of so 
much of his middle and later 
period; while Strut Legal was a 
distre singly hollow return to the 
dense word associations of High-
WlIJ 61 Rroisited, low 'Train Coming 
is a powerful reaffirmation of the 
poetic honesty of The Fretwhulin' 
Bob Dylan. Where once word 
were the mu e's ddight, they have 
again become weapons and tool 
for Dylan. 

The centerpiece of Slow 'Train 
ClJlfling i Jesus Christ. In nearly 
every ong He i referred to, 
more often directly than not. 
That this album i a triumph 
ani tically, a delight musically 

Wou[d YOI' Buy (I Used Bible/rom This Jew 1 

and a rebirth for an artist who 
has been prematurely eulogized 
more than once, points directly to 
Dylan's claim that he has, at last, 
discovered the truth. It is a claim 
not easily dismissed in light of 
this certified masterpiece. 

Devin Beay 
Same Train, Different Track 

The evaluational ante is always 
high with a Dylan album, and this 
time the drama of his religious 
conversion boosts the odd ever 
more. While this is a strong 
enough record to take the wear of 
the many axes that will be ground 
against it. it 's also a human 
enough creation to show flaws . 
Dylan 's mu ical and lyrical 
stock -in-trade are all in evi-
dence , but they're sometimes 
applied with little finesse -
judged by the tandard of Dy-
lan's most remarkable work has 
set. Here is a cut-by-cut overview. 

You Golla ,rve Somdodh. A 
moody, minor key organ intro 
and ominou tempo bring "I 
Heard It Through the 
Grapevine" to mind. The in i -
tence of the chorus is efTe tive, 

but the red uctionist chool of 
thought-"It may be the Devil or 
it may be the Lord," i disquiet-
ing. 

Precious Angel. Mark KnopHer 
of Dire Straits introduces this 
one, which itself introduces the 
notion that a woman friend 
sparked Dylan's conver ion. "\bu 
either got faith or you got 
unbelief/There ain't no neutral 
ground," says the lyric. 

I Believe in You. Again, a slow 
tempo. Knopfler's fills are sub-
dued, liquid. graceful. This 
album features Dylan's smooth-
est production yet. Very spare. 
His voice is the only rough·edged 
instrument, tanding in high re-
lief. The instrumental under-
statement implies latent power. 

Slow Train. Thi i a worthy title 
track. The anger of the righteou 
is expressed, with plenty of ready 
imagery from the modern world 
for fuel. Still, Dylan ha written 
more effectively. The images, 
perhap too literal, don't illumi-
nate so much a catalogue. "Hard 
Rain" wiU outla t thi song. 

Conna Chang' My Way of 
Th inAing. Another simple 

structure - a " You Really Got 
Me " style riff and cowbell 
timekeeper. For the first time 
producers Jerry Wexler (Ray 
Charles, Aretha Franklin , 
Sanford and Townsend) and 
Barry Beckett (practically ev-
erything out of Muscle Shoals) 
are coloring with horns, their use 
oddly sparing for a Muscle 
Shoals-
ecorded gospel- tyle LP. Maybe 
considering the literalness of 
thought evident elsewhere, horn 
seemed too carnal. Sample 
hackle-l'aising lyric: "Who's not 
for me is against me." 

Do Right to Me Baby. Knopfler 
backdrops this crossbreeding of 
the Golden Rule and "All [ Really 
Wolnt to Do" with light, trebly fin-
gerpicking . One of the more 
palatable ongs on the record . 

When YOIl Conna Ww Up. This 
is the best-written cut. Dylan has 
long under tood that it can take a 
paradox to reveal the cutting 
edge of a truth. "\bu got some big 
dreams , baby/But in order (0 
dream you gotta still be a leep." 
Not bad, though not on the order 
of "Too Much of Nothing." My 

OctOber, J 979 

current favorite line in this ong 
are "The rich seduce the poorl 
And the old are seduced by the 
young . .. There·s trength in the 
things that remain :' 

Man Gave Name to All the Ani-
mals. This one might be admissi-
ble as evidence of brain damage. 
Moronically transparent verses 
build to predi table rhymes. A 
day-nursery sort of charm is al-
most invoked, probably uninten-
tionall y, but the "pregnant" end-
ing is a failure. 

When H , R eturns. With it 
stately gospel piano foundation 
and its brevity, this suits perfectly 
to cap the LP. As i said of politi-
cians' speeches . a song doesn't 
have to be endles in order to be 

. eternal. The feeling imparted is 
that Dylan ha made a testament 
rather than a diatribe. Although 
he has written of God, conviction 
and rage before, Slow Train Com-
ing takes Dylan the extra tep 
from spiritual longing to surren-
der. Slow Traifl Coming is more 
powerful than eloquent. The 

"either for or against" mentality is 
truly disturbing . 1 believe the 
album will ultimately stand as one 
of his beuer, not one of his best. 
However, after the muddle of 
Street Legal, the boringly indul-
gent Renaldo and Clara film and 
his smarmy recent tour, in which 
the "poet of rage" looked more 
like Neil Diamond , Dylan'S work 
on Slow Train Coming is a beacon 
of clarity and purpose. 

Byron Laursen 

TH E Cl.ASH 
The Clash (Epic) 

This is the long awaited and 
much delayed compilation album 
of material from the English 
punk rockers' earliest recordings 
that were never released domes-
tically before. The material 
ranges from the band's first 
single ("White Riot") to its most 
recent, post-Cive 'Em Enough Rope 
EP ("I Fought the Law" and the 
two songs on the bonus single). 

The bulk of the songs are 
drawn from the first English 
album and subsequent trio of 
classic ingles and, by and large, 
have been well selected. The only 
grievous omission is "Capitol 
Radio," an acerbic attack on air-
wave conservativism that not only 
preceded Elvis Costello's "Radio 
Radio" but far surpasses it in vit-
riolic force. 

The earliest songs have been 
re-mixed as well (poor sound 
quality being one of CBS Rec-
ords' official excu es f()r not 
releasing the album at first) , 
again largely for the best. The 
classic "Complete Control" loses 
some of.it darkly ominous pow-
er but, overall, the drums 
punch through cleaner, the 
guitar bite harder and Joe 
Strummer's lead vocals are more 
easily discernible. 

Strummer's lyric may be de-
rived fom the political cir-
cumstances facing Engli h youth 
in 1977 (the other major CBS 
rationale for not releasing it), but 
he' al 0 dealing with themes that 

October, 1979 

cut across national boundaries. 
The chorus to "Janie Jones" cer-
tainly wouldn't sound foreign to 
American ears, nor would the 
exhilarating way the band kicks 
into " I Fought the Law" need 
translation at the United Nations. 

"I'm So Bored with the U.S.A." 
not only makes some trenchant 
points about American cultural 
imperialism ("Yankee detectives 
are always on the TV /'Cause kil-
lers in America work seven days a 
week") but does so in hilarious 
fashion ("Move Up Starsky to 
the C I A/Suck on Kojak for 
the U.S.A:') . 

The album could have been 
sequenced better, thus avoiding 
the occasionally grating jux-
taposition of old and newer 
material, and why the first beats 
of the martial drum intro to 

"Janie Jones" were cut out is mys-
tifying (sounds like a very minor 
detail but it definitely throws the 
rhythm out of whack for a while). 
But The Clash is an absolutely es-
sential album by the best rock 
band in the world today. 

Don Snowden 

T AI.KINl; HEAD~ 
Fear of Music (Sire) 

Whether it sells as well as Build-
ings & Food, Fear shows the Talk-
ing Heads noticeably improved 
in performance, produ tion and 
inspiration. 

David Byrne continues to use 
inanimate or impersonal objects 
as sources of inspiration. Here he 
describes his feelings through 
paper, citie , air, heaven, and an 
electric guitar. His "camera eye" 
lyricism is ingenious; he parallels 
a disintegrated love affair with 
holding paper up to the sun 
("some rays, they pas ed right 
through" ). "Drugs" is a vividly 
accurate, yet unromantic por-
trayal of the paranoid, schizo 
moods and perceptions in a 
psychedelic high. 

Byrne usually masks his 
paranoia in comic exaggerations. 
He worries about the dangers of 
air, being laughed at by animals, 
and surviving war with a change 
of identities and a two-day supply 
of peanut butter. His singing is 
less shrill but still edgy. 

The band is as tight as ever; the 
everpresent staccato guitar 
chollis bristle with energy. Tina 
Weymouth supplies a more em-
phatic bass line to compliment 
Jerry Harrison's brisk beat. Chris 
Frantz and Byrne even have 
room to cut loose with clear, bit-
ing lead work. 

Their precise musicianship is 
enhanced by Eno's fuller pro-
duction. Builtiings & Food had aU 
the instruments upfront, result-
ing in a clinical feel. Here Eno 
adds a deeper texture to the 
layered arrangements. He occa-
sionally submerges a vocal line or 
a rhythm track for a more 
dynamic effect. Instead of special 
effects as frill to the regimented 
melodies, his synthesizer treat-
ments are better molded into 
the songs. 

The Talking Heads' music, no 

matter how finely presented, will 
still alienate a lot of people. Some 
won't stomach Byrne's dry wit 
and vocal style. Others won't have 
enough d esi re to get involved 
with what the group's trying 
to ay. 

till , Fear oj MILlic i further 
evidence that the Talking Heads 
will be a major creative force in 
the music of the 1980s. Ifonly 
people would conquer their fears 
about adjusting to different and 
unique ound . 

Jeff SlIbermen 

Nxr AOOEKI.Y 
A Little New York Midtown 

Music (Caloxy) 
Nat Adderly has enlisted some 
top-drawer talent to make this 
tasty album . The cornetist-leader 
pulled in Roy McCurdy, drums, 
and Victor Feldman, piano, from 
Los Angeles, bas ist Ron Carter 
from New York, and saxophone 
wizard Johnny Griffin from 
Holland, though the latter was 
actually making hi.~ first U.S. tour 
in 17 years . These five men 
explore a variety of modern jazz 
compositions, including four by 
the leader, in an invigorating 
and thoughtful manner that 
makes this album worth repeated 
I)earings. 

It turns out that Griffin and 
Carter are the star of the show. 
Griffin lefuhe U .. in 1962,after 
stints with Art Blakey and 
Theloniou Monk, to find happi-
nes and work in Europe. Heisan 
unabashed jazz player, holds no 
affection fo r co ntemporary 

"cro s-over" music, and through 
his saxophonics and his words in 
print , is rapidly becoming the 
relevant spoke man fOI' 
America's native art form . Carter, 
known to many through his te-
nure with Mile Davis, is a super-
lative technician who combines 
warmth, wit and intelligence in 
his performances. 

Brother Nat wasn't at the peak 
of his game last September in 
Berkeley. when this album was 
cut; in fact, he fluffs more than a 
few, but his noble cohorts burn 
right on through, more than 
holding up their end of the bar-
gain. On "Fortune's Child," Car-
ter's floating bass lines, full of 
glissandos and firm, solid notes, 
provide points of interaction for 
McCurdy'S aggressive yet sensi-
tive drumming, and together 
they push Feldman and Griffin 
into inspired moments . 

The title track and "Come Rain 
or Come Shine" feature Adderly 
on muted horn. sounding a linle 
like Miles but getting a more 
open, throatier tone. These two 
tracks give us some attractive Ad-
derly, though Griffin' tellar 
moment stay with the listener 
longer than the leader's. 

But, even with a o-so perfor-
mance from the leader. A Little 
Nw tbr. MidWwn MUJic present 
Adderly with four hip new tunes 
and the be t of co-players. that's a 
good payload for an)' album. 

z..tse..t 



GEOK~E TIIOI{(X;OOD & THE 
DE~TROVEK~ 

Better Than the Rest (MeA) 
George Thorogood's rise to na-
tional prominence playing 20-
year old material on a pair of 
albums released by a folk- and 
bluegra s-oriented label with no 
promotional doutcertainly ranks 
as the left-field success story of 
the late Seventies. But his basic 
appeal isn't too difficult to trace. 
Thorogood is every frat bro' 
who's eller harbored secret de-
sires about becoming the life of 
the Saturday night kegger by 
magically turning into a guitar 
hero, kicking out those ba ic 
Chuck Berry jams. 

The remarkable thing about 
this collection of five-yea r-old 
material- given to MCA by 
his former manager over 
Thorogood's strong objections 
(the case is still in litigation) - is 
how little his approach has 
changed over the years . Obvi-
ously, this is the work of a less 
polished, not fully developed 

bland one 
(Continued/rom (xJge 6) 
in the outh, in the Gabes, a 
maritime oasis," Chapman ays. 

"There were irritations, but you 
got used to it, I suppose. If some-
one above you was lucky enough 
to have a room with a bath, you'd 
find your room was flooded . If 
that didn't happen , one of the 
torrential rainstorms would do it. 
And then there was a variety of 
litlle companions in one's room, 
too - insects and other wonders 
of nature . Quite fascinating. 
Fortunately, there were no 
scorpions inside , but lots out ide. 
In fact, while filming the Sermon 
on-the-Mount-type scene, I 
made a rough estimate of the 
number of creatures on the set; it 
came to omething like 24,000:' 

Some of those creatures were 
probably a BBC-TV crew, there 
to interview the Pythons; this was 
aired over some U .. PBS stations 
recently and was, besides funny, 
eye-opening; Chapman, who 
makes no secret of his homosex-
uality, was filmed with a young 
man itting on his lap (no such 
young men were in evidence 
during our interview.) 

The only real problem on lo-
cation was dysentery. Chapman 
knows - not because he suffered 
from it, but because he treated it, 
often. He was the company 
physician. He is a genuine accre-
dited doctor, who, upon gradua-
tion from Cambridge, accepted a 
post as an ear-nose-throat 
specialist. As there was a six-
month waiting period before he 
could assume his doctor duties, 
Chapman spent the time writing 
comedy with Clee e and liked it 
so much he neller practiced 
medicine except on cast and crew. 

His medical knowledge ha 

.. I" • I. , " I 

,/ ' , I , ' ()i~1979 
I , ~ • • •• 

talent-the producrion is terri-
ble, there's a different bass player, 
George's guitar is often double-
tracked and his vocal are less ef-
fe tive. Essentially it's the same 
assortment of blues, Berry and 
Fifties r hythm and blues. He 
does break one of rock & roll's 
cardinal unwritten laws on 

ooHowlin' for My Darling": no one 
except Captain Beefheart should 
try to imitate Howlin' Wolf 's 
singing style. 

While most of the ongs boast 
enough hot licks to sustain inter-
est, only the surging powerdrive 
of "In the Night Time" and the 
acoustic slide blues "You're 
Gonna Miss Me" qualify as first-
rate. Better Than the Rest probably 
won't disappoint those who want 
everything Thorogood ha re-
corded, but the two Rounder LPs 
remain better introductions to 
his music. 

An added consumer note: Bet-
t~T Than the Re t contains a paltry 
28 minutes of music. 

Don~"d .. , 

come in handy in other ways, too, 
especially when he began to 
notice that his drinking habits 
were catching up with him near 
the end of 1977. " I became aware 
that I was - or at least was very 
close to being-a compete al-
coholic. I really was drinking a 
monumental quantity of gin. I 
realized I'd gone far enough 
when I started to notice signs of 
liver damage and short-te"m 
memory lapse . I 've tried to 
analyze why it crept up on me ," 
he says, puffing on his pipe ; 

"somewhere there was a feeling of 
inferiority in me ." Throughout 
school and professional success, 
as he reached one plateau after 
a nother, he had the feeling at 
each stage that he didn't deserve 
to be there, that he wasn 't smart 
enough. "Finally, I had to admit 
to myself that I was quite 
bright. .. and I realized, 'Okay, I 
can do it sober:" So, before tack-
ling Brian and Odd Job, he went 
cold turkey and hasn 't ingested a 
drop of gin sinc . 

Instead , he ips at his Tab and 
patiently bears a few last-minute 
que tions. 

Would Python ever do another 
TV serie ? " I doubt it. We may 
do some special or 'omething 
like that , but we prefer films ; 
there' more freedom." And, pre-
sumably, 'tlore money. Do the 
Pythons see much of each other 
socially? "No, though I see a fair 
bit of Michael Palin, since we 
both have places near each other 
in London." 

Any idea what the next Python 
film will be about? "Ye , but I'm 
not telling." 

Any pe ial ambitions? "'res. I 
want to act more and perhap 
write a bit les ." After nearly ten 
years as "one of the Pythons," 
perhaps he can be forgiven the 
urge to be recognized a~ Graham 
Chapman, and not "th~ tall blond 
one." 

Patti Smith GrClUfJ 
The Palladium, H oI1ywood 
The Patti Smith Group, which had deli-
vered a breathtaking musical event one 
year ago at the Santa Monica Civic, seemed 
at the Palladium in the midst of a religious 
rite gone haywire. S'l!ilh, as high priestess, 
was totally unable to satisfy the adoration 
of the faithful, refusing time and again to 
bleed herself in the rock ritual. Smith's 
performance and her relationship to the 
audience were frighteningly incoherent. 

A year earlier there was no question that 
Smith was all she claimed to be; a poetes • a 
singer and a visionary. "Because the 
Night" was on the airwaves. Success, crea-
tive and popular, was in her grasp. Firmly 
at the helm , she steered the band through 
dangerous musical water by heer exub-
eram force . Risks were undertaken, re-
serves tapped, fate tempted . 

But Smith has since paid dearly for suc-
cess. She has a new following, people who 
wouldn't read Rimbaud unle s his poems 

werc~ primed on Gene Simmons' tongue. 
Made cynical by the indiscriminate adula-
tion coming her way, mith apparently lost 
the will to cemer and direct her mindless 
audience. "\bu wanted some new blood ," 
she shouted hoarsely during a disjointed 
rendering of "Time Is on My Side," "Well, 
you got it in me ." She threatened to 
kick those pre sed again t the stage if 
they knocked against her monitors, then 
halted an hour into the !let for a ten-minute 
break that lasted thirty. Repeatedly ask-
ing the throng to "relax:' Smith stalked 
the stage in what seemed to be a state 
of nervous exhaustion . 

The music, of course, suffered terribly 
in this exchange between artist and audi-
ence. Her voice trained and ragged, 
Smith - who ha previousl y established 
herself as a inger of no small ability - tore 
through each song with masochistiC" de-
termination. 

When the du thad seLl led , a 4uestion 
remained . Could it be that Smith's poetic 

"'Sensibilities are being strangled at 
the source by the demands of commercial 
success? It's a question that one of 
Smith ' mentors , Jim Morrison , also 
needed to answer. His silence seems some-
how significant. DevIn Se8y 

Delbert McClinton & Fenton 
Robinson 

The Bottom Line, Nw }Vrk 
A few more shows like the ones Delbert 
McClinton has been putting on the last 
year or so around New York and our friend 
from Fort Worth is going to have to be-
come a movie-sty le Texan and pack a ix-
shooter just to ward off his well-wishers. 

Blessed with one of the best voi es in 
rock & roll -soulful, potent, soaked in 
whiskey and sweat -and backed by a six-
piece. ki k-ass lexas band (three of them 
have pla yed with him for 22 years!), 
McClinton's New York shows are becoming 
ellents. Semi-regular sit-ins have indudecl 
Eillis Costello, the Allman Brothers Band 
and Belushi and Aykroyd of the Blues 
Brothers . 

McClinton's opening act at the bottom 
line was Fenton Robinson , the blue 
songwriter frolll Chicago who wrote the 
clas ic ooLoan Me a Dime." Robinson, who 
appears to be in his late forties, plays a Gib-
son hollowbod y and sings in a voice some-
what like Albert King' without the slight 
rasp. Accompanied by a second guitarist, 
bass and drums, Robinson entered the 
stage while his band played the standard 
blues-vamp opener, "Chicken Sha k." 
They performed a highly competent set of 
uptempo coulltr '-blue ,whi hounded at 
times all-too-familiar and at olher time 
made the listeners feel the w re doing a 
vdluablc ervice by keeping this traditional 
music alive and vibrant. urprisingly, holV-
ev r, "Loan Me a Dime" (which people still 
associate with Boz aggs sin e Robinson's 
credit was left ofT Scaggs' album) was 
tuck d in the middle of the set and given a 
low-ke )'. offhanded treatment and not 

played as a blues at all. It moved along with 
an unexpected sprightliness, was Oller in 
three or four minute (Scaggs' version 
clocks in at 12:48) and contained none of 
the pain etched strongly in Scaggs' vocals 
and Duane Allman's crying guitar. 

McClinton's band is a rarity in contem-
porary music , able to shift from Texas 
rock & roll to blues to country and even 
some funk as smoothly as an Alfa Romeo. 
Chuck Berry's "Talkin' 'Bout You" fea-
tured a torrid duet. bel ween Robert Har-
wood on sax and McClinton on harp, as 
did "Back to Louisiana." Willie Nelson' 

"Nightlife" showcased McClinton's lIoca1s 
and "Corrina" in luded a funk , rh thmi 
harp and drum duel. But the McClinton 
originals, "B 1uvie" (one of the funkiest, 
hone t rock and I"OlIwnes in memory), " I 
Received a Letter" (a country la sic if 
thcre ever was one) and "Take II. Easy" are 
just as powerful as the cove ,'s, which in-
clude a scorching version of Willie Dixon' 

"Spoonful" most nights. 
McClinton, a Fon WOl'lh nat ive who CUI 

his teeth·on blues-bar pe"fonning , re-
mains one of Ihe most natural rock and 
rollers on the planet. Steve WeItzman 

Mal Waldron 
The Jazz Safari, Long Beach, 

California 
Waldron. a fixture in Charles Mingus' 
early groups, a collaborator of Eri Dol-
ph y, Billie Holiday's last regular accompa-
nist and a distillguished composer of film 
scores, has resided ill MUlli h since 1967 . 
He usually makes it to ew York about 
on e a year; his last alifornia appeanmce 
was in 1957 with Billie Holida '. 

Waldron begall with an improvised solo 
piece that wound illlo a tapestry of trollg, 
swinging fabri , displaying the most im-
mediate earmark of his playing, it domin-
anI rhythmi ell . The left hand ham-
mered out an obllls . percu ive ostinato 
while the right pun tuat d wilh spar, 
sharp chords. 

11 

Drummer Lawrance Marable and bas-
sist Herb Lewis, two L.A. veterans,joined 
the set early on. With the rhythmic sup-
port of bass and drums, Waldron's left 
hand wa free to drop odd, harmonic 
bombs while the right rifled off a flurry of 
notes on Miles Davis' "Milestones." 

Theloniou Monk and Bud Powell, the 
two wellsprings of modern jazz piano, 
are prime raw materials for Waldron. 
Monk's masterpiece "Round Midnight" 
was Waldron's homage to Monk. 

Reverence for Bud Powell was displayed 
in a swinging workout of "With a Song in 
My Heart," minus any of the sentiment. 
The tempo was way up with Marable pr~ 
viding aU of the necessary underpinnings 
so that Waldron's left hand could comp 
while the right played an harmonic 
machine gun. 

The final piece was Dizzy Gillespie's 
"Nighl in Tunisia" played earthy and 
hard . Waldron wisely uled the strong 
undercurrent line'of the song 's ori-
ginal arrangement. 

Though this show wall a rare treat, 
knowing Waldron had more to offer 
added a sense of loss to the occasion. 

Kirk ...... 

Louise Goffin & Greg K ihn 
The Rory, Los Angeles 
Elektra Records passed out lillie cloth 
badges for the fans, ca1ling this combined 
tour '" fhe Nexl Chapte,' in Rock and Roll:' 
What a straight linel But in fairness, 
Kihn and his band moved their set from 
commonplace to rousing in small but sure 
steps. A Bay Area favorite for some time, 
Kihn plays a clean, honest-feeling pop 
blend that homogenizes inHuences from 
Springsteen to the Byrds. Di ciplined, 
cushiony, sung without grit or irony, the 
Kihn sound be ame Illostcompelling after 
the smooth-faced leader announced, 

"We're well into the ,'ock & roll portion of 
the program ," then capped his show with 

"Life's Too hort" and "Roadrunner,oo the 
Jonathan Richman song that frequently 
anchors Kihn's sets. 

Called back twi e for encores, Kihn re-
sponded with " For Your Love," trading 
lead vocals with the rest of the four-pi 'ce 
band, then "In th Museum ," and, fina ll , 

.. Telsta ..... On th laue .. , an earl Sixties 
organist's workout, Daile Carpentel~ he of 
the radicall y shag-cut red hair, hit the 
IUne's lIIelody notes Oil guitar, sustaining 
with volullle at distortion levels. rhe re-
SUll , simu llaneou sly more .. ucking and 
lI10re human sounding than the ol"iginal, 
became a neat sUlllmary ofthe Kihn band's 
lIirtues. 

Cute as hirley Temple , with tight 
pants, suspend ' rs and a big-stripe t-shirt 
and severa l ga ll ons of rampant blond 
locks , Loui e Goffin (daughter of Carole 
King and Gerry Goffin - how tim Hie) 
started the evening wit h a profes-
s iona l workout, full o f boun c ing, 
audience-pointing and air-boxing. In lieu 
of communicating, she "sold" th songs, 
and herself. Though Goffin ultimatel y 
seemed more sha llow than c nieul with her 
calcula ted approach, al least olle stomach 
turn >d when she encored in an art fully 
ripped and safet -pill ned pl.lnkenc t-shiri . 
he sang a Ilca rl unrecogn izable versi )11 

or the Sex Pistols' "Problem :. whirling to 
reveal a professioll,,11 block-printed " rh 
Problem Is You" a tOS her oad .. Goffin 
lIIay s ore :-til with her pro, well-coat hed. 
showhil. wars but the actua l problelll i~ her 
lack of substance. If she's the author, the 
nexI chapter of rock will be light read ing. 

Byron L..u,..,. 



II 

, , 

Not for sale in any book-
store! Not available at any price~ 

The bold new hooklet 
that has thousands of Americans 
writing to Pueblo, Colorado. 

With all the color and 
excitement of the last catalog, 
the Consumer Infonnation 
Center of the U.S. Government 
unveils the paperback version 
of the newest Consumer 
lnfonnation Catal~. 

At last, here s the newest 
edition of the free catalog that 
lists over 200 helpful Federal 
publications, more than half of 
them free. -

Consumer 
Intonnatlon 

Catalog 

Publications with inside 
information on home r~pairs. 
Money management. Nutri-
tion. And more. 

Information that could 
help you to a better way of life. 

So don't delay! Act 
today! Send no money to 

get your free coPy. 
Just write: 
ftlllOOB~8IWW'UOlIJl101l·"'0B Cii_ 

DDt. I 
PD·"', .... "LOfII'ADO 

OcldJn; 1979 
Octobtt; 1979 

APO ALYPSE Now. starring Marlon Brando. 
Robert Duvall. and Martin Sheen; written by 
Fra ncis Coppola and John Milius ; directed by 
Coppola . 

After three years and $31.5 million. after 
all the jokes about "Apocalypse ever." 
Francis Coppola (the middle nallle Ford 
ha5 mysteriously disappeared) has at last 
relinquished his Viet Nam epic. Most of it 
W'JS definitely worth the wait. 

Marlin Sheen . who is in almost every 
fralile of the film (de pite third billing. a 
ludicrou testament to "star power" vs. 
major roles) . plays an a rm y assassin or-
dered to Cambodia to execute "insane" 
Branda; the army brass walll Branda dead 
beca use he has gone native, he is outside 
their influence. be ond their control; they 
do not appreciate creat ive warfare . As 
heen rides upriver on a navy patrol boat 

(with a young, drugged, rock & roll crew), 
he reads Brando's dossier. and we're 
hooked. Intense foreboding. even titilla-
lion: is Brando so crazy? No crazier than 
lhe a lOnishing things we see along the 
way, with DU\'a1l outstanding as an officer 
who fancies himself a cavalryman (his 
helicopters are bugled off to battlel) . 
Duvall orders his troops to attack and hold 
a Cong beach just so he can watch his new 
surfers hit the waves. He stands upright. 
wearing his cavalry hat. in the middle of 
lhe bombing. he cranks up Wdgner's "Ride 
of the ~Ikyries" on a huge sound system 
in his chopper because "it scares hell outof 
the slopes." The few minutes of this attack 
are dazz ling, heroic and stupid, macho 
mayhem taken to its ultimate horrifying 
giggle. 

Mo re madness: not violelll butchery. but 
the abject decadence of a USO show in the 
middle of the jungle with Playmates 
bumping and grinding for the troop , The 
most painful scene of all comes when the 
boat crew annihilates innocent natives 
aboard a sampan because of their own 
nervous fear. Coppola's Viet Nam (the 
Philippines, actually) is alternately lush 
and inviting, stark and brutal. Small won-
der the young soldiers drugged them-
selves. trying to erase the war by erasing 
lheir minds. 

Alas. when Sheen finall y arrives 
upriver - and finds Brando's bizarre. 
painted army just waiting around some 
temple ruins, as if any guerilla force would 
occu py such an easy target - the film fall 

a~an. Coppola fine-tunes us, squeezes us 
With fea r and numbing anticipation, and 
then drops us. Coitus interruptus. Instead 
of the heart of darkness. the core of mad-
ness embodied in a self-proclaimed god. a 
crazed . cold killer. we find Brando. fat, 

I~idclle-aged and bald in what may well be 
hiS first uninleTtsting screen appearance . 

Brando's character, Kurtz. fills the 
movie before we ever meet him ; we sense a 
confrontation with man's primitive soul. 
the uncivilized savage never far beneath 
the surface; Kurtz. we believe, has peeled 
away his 20th-century character and con-
fronted his timeless demons; he ha re-
ver.ted. slipped back to primeval ways, with 
painted face and necklaces made of 
enemie ' bones. \\e wait for Kurtz to peel 
away some of our layers, or at least Sheen's, 
but he d?<:sn·l. Not even a glancing blow. 
Perhaps It isn' t fair. isn't possible for one 
actor to per onify Viet Nam's madness. 
and to do so in about five minutes . We 

mi~ht have sustained our fearful quiver if 
wed never met Kurtz or ifhe'd been 
frighteningly sane, Too :nany iii , 

After some pretentiou Iy oblique 
Conver ation, Brando waits to be killed. 
and heen oblige with a ritual machete 

execution . intercut with the ritual butch-
ery of a hapless animal by Brando's na-
tives. Visually exciting, but emotionally 
empty. Nothing really happellS; the differ-
ent ending which will be used in the small 
theater/35mm version (a big-boom 
apocalyptic finale) won ' t change that. 
Sheen does not see himself in Brando . 
there is no transference. no revelation ,just 
a lot of staring and sweating. This isn't 
Sheen's fault. but heju tdoesn 'tlook like a 
killer. there is no cutting edge in his voice 
or e~es ; he is desperate , but never de-
mOlllc. 

The script (with additional narration 
written by Michael Herr) is excellent when 
it sticks to the story, but Coppola and his 
cohorts occasionally lapse into philosophi-
cal observation, as when someone intones 
thal the Viet Cong know only "death and 
victory," or when Dennis Hopper as a 
freako photographer with Brando's army 
blurts out that Brando has said, wrhe word 
'if ' is in the middle of life." Such profun-
dity. Why, the word "ill" is ~ of "kill:' 

Although Coppola almost realizes his 
ambition "to create a film experience that 
would give its audience a sense of the hor-
ror. the madness. the sensuousness. and 
the moral dilemma of the Vietnam war," he 
falls prey to the same boogieman that has 
beset previous Viet Nam films, namely our 
simplistic belief that the Cong are. or were. 
invincible. \\e didn't win the war, in fact we 
lost a great deal more than the war. but 
that does not mean the North Vietnamese 
al-e supermen; Brando's speech about the 

··pure. perfect" acts of the Cong, who kill 
with no judgment, is clever but mean-
ingless claptrap. 

Apocalypse N(lW. especially it ambiguous 
ending. will be discussed and dissected for 
years to come and will probably yield more 
treasure with each search. I fully intend to 
see it again and again, by which time I too 
may paint my face and wear bones around 
my neck. 

Judith Sima 

MONTY PYTHON'S LIFE OF BRIAN. starring 
Graham Chapman. John Cleese. Terry 
Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones. and Michael 
Palin; written by all of the above; directed by 
Jones. 

Now that their achingly silly TV serie has 
run its course, now that rve seen all their 
films and memorized all their records, I 
measure my years in new Python offer-
ings, and this year brings their best movie 
yet. Life of Brian, 

This is the Pythonesque version of a Bi-
blical epic; Brian was born in the manger 
next to you-know-who and grew up with 
many of the same problems. not to men-
tion the same gruesome fate . Brian is 
played by Graham Chapman (see feature. 
thi issue) , who was last seen as King 
Arthur in Mont'} Pythcn and the Holy Grail. 
Chapman plays two additioal roles, a Wise 
Man and Biggus Dickus, a lisping Roman 
centurion, John Cleese has six roles. from 
revolutionary to centurion to Jewi h offi-
cial at a sroning: Terry Jone clocks in with 
five including Brian's mother Mandy; 
Palin is mo t visible with ten parts. best of 
which i a lisping Pontiu Pilate; Idle has 
eight role. including a exually confused 
revolutionary, Stan, who want to be called 

Martin Shun on a mission of death and mystery in Apocalypse Now. 
Loretta, They all take aim at religion, a 
subject rife with satiric possibilities . and 
they don't miss a shot. The Nativity. Pilate. 
disciples , prophets . intellectuals and 
familiar Biblical scenes are all stung by the 
collective snake. Pr instance: when ob er-
vers at the back of the crowd can't quite 
hear the Sermon on the Mount. an inter-
mediately placed person translates for the 
others: "I think he said 'blessed are the 
cheesemakes.· . .. and 'blessed are the 
Greek ... • Since women were not allowed to 
attend stonings. Python has them buying 
phony beards and speaking in deep voices 
so they can hurl SLOnes at the criminal. The 
beard se ller is Idle. who al 0 purveys 
stones and gravel for throwing. 

And at the end, several men, nailed to 
crosses. sing a vacuou little tune (written 
by Idle) called "Bright Side of Life:' 

They're nuts. bless 'em, 
Judith Sima 

THE KIU~ ARE ALRI(';H r. starring the Who; 
directed by Jeff Stein. 

Great rock & roll movie - those about 
bands - have largely been limited to the 
Beatles' A Hard Da:ysNight and Help. and , to 
a lesser extent. the Monkees' Head. These 
days serious mu icians ee themselve 
primarily as artist . not entertainer • so 
we're stu k with a few inane fantasy movies 
featuring the questionable talents of Kiss. 
Donny and Marie a nd the like. erious 
musicians. like the Band . Rolling tones, 
Pink Floyd. Yes, Led Zeppelin and Grate-
ful Dead , have chosen to howcase them-
selve in live concert films . 

The Who, until Keith MoolI 's unlimely 
death a year ago. had been togelhel; intact, 
for 15 yea rs. Director Jeff Stein takes full 
advantage of this span in con truct ing 
their on-and-ofT stage aga, Thp Kids Art 
Alright. 

Mixing footage from various periods of 
the Who' career offer the unexpe ted 
and provides a fascinating glimpse of the 
band' developmelll- mu ically and cul-
turally (although a more comprehen ive 

view of the lalter will be presented in 
Quadrophnlia. due out later this year.) 

The film starts with the Who destroying 
their instruments on the Smothers Brothers 
TV show" and makes extensive usage of 
sequences filmed at \\bodstock. Monterey 
Pop and the (previously unseen) Rolling 
Stones ' Rock and Roll Circus (wherein the 
Who provide the movie's most satisfying 
moment with an inspired "A Quick One 
While He's Away:'). 

In the beginning. the Whe were brash 
and colorful. Their intense musical state-
ments about youth (like "My Generation") 
were matched by the band's literally explo-
ive stage show - flamboyantly destroying 

guitars and drums - and visually exciting 
pop-art-inspired stage apparel. Through 
short interview segments we are given 
some glimpses of the Who as people. In 
early interview (circa 1965). Town hend 
reveals a precocity and naivete that con-

trasts sharply with his present-day evas ive-
ness . Except for a sequence where John 
Entwistle shoots his gold records out ofLhe 
air (ala skeet shooting), his non-musical 
identity is nil. Similarly, Roger Daltrey is _ 
remembered more for his a mazing and 
consistent singing than for any spoken 
words. 

T he late Keith Moon teals the show, a 
hypera tive kid continually making joke , 
pulling legs (literally) or ripping off 

' clothe. and uncontrollabl y hamming it 
up . In one se~melll he demonstrates the 
art of wrecking a hotel room, and in 
another he refers to the time he drove acar 

. into a wimming pool. If it weren't for the 
fact that he was, perhaps, rock' greatest 
drummer - in the movie you'lI see how his 
constant onslaught doesn't merel y keep 
the beat but pr pelsea h song - he could'v 
made a classic slapstick movie comedian. 

The Who are at a strange impasse. Last 
year' LP, Who Are You. pre nted the band 
at its blandest. With Moon replaced by 
drummer Kenn y Jone (ex-Face). lhe 
Who's current ound i not . regrettabl , 
the exciting band of The Kids Are Alright. 

tWoIcI I!koMon 



~ ~n~ ________ ~ ____________ ~~ ____________________ Jl~~I~II~I~MW~~~~~ ____ ------~--------_l 

BUFFETT 
(ConIi,uud/rOfll pagt J J) 
much, nor did the tour that followed make 
money. His marriage failed. Later, after 
Buffett's ABC albums took Right, Barnaby 
released another disc from leftover tracks. 

When NashviUe proved too trying, Buf-
feu decided to join friend Jerry Jeff 
Willker in Miami. Sojourns to the nearby 
Krys reawakened his fascination with pi-
rates, schoonen and life in the warm sun. 
Soon he was dabbling in the contraban-
dista life, running light dope shipments. 
Thomas McGuane, then working on the 
novel 92 ;n tAt Shade, soon to write 
screenplays for RancAo De/wee and Tlae 
Missouri B""~b, became Buffett's partner 
in hell-raising as the pangs of Nashville 
and diwrce were getting stir-fried out of 
his sYltem. The novelist, brother of Buf-
fett's current wife, Jane, also wrote liner 
notes for the'debut album on ABC, A WAite 
Sport Coot arid a Pinj CrauliJuaft. Cut in 
Nashville and released with the faU of '72, 
it introduud a bar-stool anthem that won 
Buffett compadres in all four cornen of 
the U.S.A., the plainspoken "Why Don't 
We Get Drunk (and Screw):' Clearly off to 
a good start, he has ever since banked on 
his instincts for playfulness, raunch, and 
th.e combination of drink and song. The 
lilt of Caribbean music forms has affected 
hi. melodic sense as much as the rock-
country-folk material of his mainland 
heritage. "The curious hinterland where 
Hank Williams and Xavier Cugat meet," 
McGuane put it in the liner notes. Later in 
history, Buffett did the soundtrack for 
Rancho DtJwu and Jack Nicholson't Coin' 
SI1IIlIa. He also appeared briefly in FM, a 
cinema vehicle for music stars that was 
pure failure. 

"Come Monday," off Buffett's 1974 re-
lease, Living and D,ing in % Ti_, made its 
way into the Top 20. By the end of the same 
year he wa back in Nashville to CUt AlA, 

~hich featured the snapshot-cum-
po tcard cover decorations that help link 
Buffett with down-i land imagery. With it 

heavy dose of Caribbean settings, AlA , 
named after the road that connects Miami 
and Key West, prefigures the current Vol-
cano more than any of his other records. 

In 1976, after he had played an anti-
nuclear benefit with the Eagles, Buffett 
chanced to meet diminutive mogul Irving 
Azoff at the bar of the Hotel Jerome in 
Aspen . Azoff, respectfully tagged "His 
shortness" around the offices of his Front 
Line Management firm in Los Angeles, 
had managed the Eagles to muhi-
platinum status and buit a reputation for 
brash , gutty tactics in the proce!l5. Boz 
Scaggs, Steely Dan and W.uren ZeYon are 
also in Azoff's stable. He asked Buffett to 
open for the Eagles on an upcoming na-
tional tour, an offer no ambitious musician 
could refuse. Soon, Azoff was managing 
Buffett's career as well. 

The following year saw another new 
album, Changes in Latitudes, Changes in 
AttilutUs, very much along the lines of the 
previous recordings. Nestled in the LP was 

"Margaritaville," a drunkard's ditty of light 
remorse that Buffett claims he wrote en-
tirely in five minutes. With whimsical 
rhymes (tattoo/clue, pop-top/Oip-flop) 
and a lazy, ~ry melody, it pulled the album 
to platinum. One succeeding album, Son 0/ 
a Son 0/ a Sailor, also went platinum, but the 
double live liJu Had to Bt Thtrt sold less 
healthily. 

Volcano came about on Monserrat, an is-
land about 17 degrees above the equator, 
near Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and 
Martinique. George Martin, former pro-
ducer of the Beatles, recently built Air 
Studios there for the double benefits of 
sunshine and lenient ·tax laws. Buffett and 
his Coral Reefer band descended on the 

facilitie~ along with James, Hugh and 
Alex Taylor, who came to sing harmonies. 

"It's a great little island" says Buffett, "very 
conducive to getting a lot done." Rum-
sucking reputation notwithstanding, he 
recorded the album in a disciplined se-
venteen days. 

Larry Solters, an Azoff aide assigned to 
steer Buffett to all his New \Ork appoint-
ments, waits for Buffett's tardy chartered 
flight to arrive from Martha's Vineyard. 
SoIters lights for a moment and says, "The 
last time I was in New York doing inter-
views with Jimmy, I spent four hour one 
night chasing him from bar to bar, telling 
him what he was supposed to do on the 
next day. He would go up to the second 
floor, up to the storeroom, and teU them if 
I came in to say he wasn't there:' 

Buffett deplanes, barely half an hour be-
fore the scheduled Klein taping, and says, 

"Did I ever let you down, Larry?" Wejump 
directly for the limousine . The driver 
looks a lot like Burt Young in Roc"," Buffett, 
in tan , woven shoes and frayed bellbouom 
denims, appears either to be growing a 
beer belly or smuggling a tortoise beneath 
his flowers-and-egrets sport shirt. A funny 
woven cord loops behind his thinning, 
ringleued blond hair, hooked to a pair 
of sunglasses. "Are the Yankees on TV?" 

At the RCA Building, Klein greets Buf-
fett with a crack. "You were fogged in at 
Martha Vineyard? 1 wish I had excuses like 
thatl" An MCA publicist rushes up with 

"the numbers;' stati tinon how many radio 
stations are starting to play the just-
released LP. Seated in the engineer's booth 
while Klein introduces him to the studio 
audience as " a man who should be 
ashamed, taking money for the kind oflife 
he leads;' Buffett draws a photo from his 
wallet. It's his eleven-week-old daughter, 
Sav-,mnahJane. "Think I'm in trouble?" he 
say . "She's ju t ~ettin' into yellin' now." 

After the tapmg, I remark to Buffett 

that most slOries about him involved fol· 
lowing along on a bar-hopping round. 

"Yeah ," he says , shouldering into an 
elevator. "And 1 gotta go home and live 
with thaI." We drop back into the limo, 
drawing fire from one of New York's ag-
gressive panhandlers. "That'd be a wino;' 
Buffett says while pushing a button for the 
electric plexiglass sunroof, "a wino and a 
junkie." One of his most-quoted lines , 

"living my life like a song;' is from a song 
called "The Wino and I Know:' 

We cross Manhattan at the start of rush 
hour, interviewing as the blur passes by. 
Eventually, we're settled in the Hotel Car-
lyle's calm , costly rooms . "I ' ve always 
looked for a bar like the one in To Havt and 
Have Not," Buffett says, "where Hoagy 
Carmichaels' playing piano and there's 
ceiling fans and Lauren Bacall and Bogart 
are drinking at the tables. It doesn't exist. 
But you do find characters on the run 
down there. That's where I pick. up ideas 
for songs, talkin~ to those people. 

Doesn't this mIx of socializing, drinking, 
toking, snorting and sailing wear a body 
down? "They've been doin' it in the Caril>-
bean for centuries;' Buffett says. "It really 
is a historical fact. You can be healthy and 
still do it. There's actually nothing else to 
do. Hell, who can turn down a pina colada 
when it's eighty degrees on the beach?" 

I ask if Klein's opening remark, about 
tailing money for an idyllic.seeming life, 
bothered him. Still smiling, Buffett flashes 
an expression that says he's dealt with this 
one before. "Nobody else was there when it 
was just me and a rent-a-car, driving to play 
the Holiday Inns." But the scuffling days 
are long past. Buffett keeps a home in the 
islands, another in Aspen , another in 
Alabama. Euphoria Ill, now being built, 
will carry him around the islands in style. 

Another line of questioning: When fans 
identify with a performer, sometimes it 
forms a trap. They respond to certain 
elements in the performer's worll- say, an 
emphasis on drunken good times - and 
ignore other subtleties. "Worst thing you 
can do is fear your audience;' Buffett say" 
sipping his champagne from a plastic cup. 

"I don't want to be a shut-in, it's not my per-
sonality. I'm playin' for their enjoyment. 
Oh, they bug me sometimes, sure. I get 
call like, '\bu wanna just come down for a 
beer?'" Buffett swirls his eyes around the 
ceiling. "Hey, Larry, could you get that cap 
from my suitcase?" 

Solters hands him a deckhand's hat 
from the United States Coast Guard Cut-
ter Diligence, one of the boats assigned to 
crack the Caribbean smuggling trade. 
Somebody stole it to make Buffett a gift. 

"This is the cops and robbers catch boat," he 
says, striding around the room with the hat 
on, looking for a mirror. "They paint 
marijuana leaves on the stack for everyone 
they bust. They got a big flag they fly when 
they pop one." Glee is in his eyes. "And you 
just know every ass hole on that boat 
smokes." 

The future involves some writing, 
though Buffett isn't sure just what it'll turn 
out to be. ''It'll naturally be something 
funny, with a lot of tory. J keep journals, 
so that'll make it easy. There's somethings 
I'd like to say that won't fit into three venes 
and a chorus." Buffett took a screen test for 
NashviJU, but no role resulted . Will he take 
another shot at film? "It's in the works," he 
says. "But I can't talk about it yet. I've been 
offered some thing to do, orne acting, 
but I want to wait till it's something com-
fortable." How much longer will he tour 
and make albums? " Forever," Buffett 
asserts. "Long as they buy 'em. That's the 
thing I do best. I'll never stop." 

(Continued/rom pagt 9) 
acts, seeming to say that death is as much a 
part of life as birth , and there are many 
more living, so let's concern ourselves wi th 
them. Still, it's made particularly dear that 
the lives of blacks, and minorities in gen-
eral , aren ' t worth a nickel. Framing a 
native for a murder a white has commil· 
ted is common practice . Life in Africa is 
hard and cheap. 

To make his artistry complete , the 
author places the action in settings as vivid 
as his characters. The luxuriant folia ge, 
the rough landscape, the ramshackle bun· 
galows and buildings, all are easily seen 
with the mind's eye. 

A/rican Trio is an immensely readable, 
masterfully written volume. You'll want to 
share it with your friends. 

A Genuine Heroine 
Too many recent novels about wom en 
seem to rely solely on females who try to 
find themselves by careening between 
their psychiatrists and Bloomingdale's. 
Burger's Daughter (Viking, $1O.95), written 
by acclaimed South African author Nadine 
Gordimer, is a welcome exception to that 
trend and a remarkable accomplishment. 
She has written a novel with a genuine 
heroine - one who would be worthy ofthe 
morally weighted novels of, say, George 
Eliot or Edith Wharton . Rosa Burger, un· 
like many current heroines, doesn't earn 
her stripes by having the slimmest hips or 
the fastest dirty mouth or the most ac· 
robatic sexual maneuvers; she becomes a 
heroine slowly, painfully and reluctantly 
by exploring the difficult relationship 
between personal pleasures and moral 
commitments. 

Burger:f Daughter is about decisions. It's 
set in South Africa and deals with 
apartheid, at least so far as that scandalous 
rule applies to the Afrikanner Burger 
family. Rosa is the daughter of two political 
activists who are willing to die for what 
they believe. As the child of martyrs who 
are eulogized throughout the world by 
those who would see South Africa change, 
Rosa grows up in a household that takes 
personal sacrifice for granted the way 
others may count on milk for growing 
bones. But Rosa didn't choose her life, she 
inherited it, the way other children inherit 
a certain religion or blue eyes. It take a 
long time for Rosa, (prophetically named 
for Rosa Luxemberg) to grow into her 
heredity. 

What makes this book. so powerful is that 
Gordimer never allow her political bias to 
interfere with her people; she has instead 
managed the near impossible and meshed 
them together totally. There are no abso· 
lutes in her novel, and she keeps our inter-
est by introducing a myriad of unex-
pected , but totally possible, plot twists. 
The ending seems predictablp in retros-
pect but when reading it emerges with val-
uable shock appeal. 

Gordimer's style of writing is not I.lI1like 
the film vocabulary introduced in the 
early Sixties by New Wave director Alain 
Resnais (Last }tar in Marienb6d and Hiro· 
shima Mon Amour), fragmented and evoca· 
tive. The book i crammed wi th 
memorable characters who lead hone t 
lives. At its simplest level, Burger's Daugh-
ter is about the age-old conHiet of how to 
be good to one' self and good to other 
people. Gordimer's novel make an elo-
quent attempt to give us some an wen. 

JecobII At .. 

I • 
, . 

Octobet'. ·1979 • 

At last, Encare.® 
Neat, compact, no bigger than. your 
fingertip ~ Encare is fast becomm~ 
the most talked about contraceptive 
we have today. 

Free from hormonal side effects, 
Enc·are is available without a 
prescription. And it might well be 
the easiest method of birth control 
you will ever use. 
·Simply simple. .. . 
You simply insert Encare With the 
tip of your finger. There's no !ffy 
measuring, no tubes, no applicators. 
And no messy paraphernalia to 

clean up afterward. Each tiny insert 
contains an exact, premeasured 
amount of the clinicallr proven 
spermicide, nonoxyno 9. 
S.implyeffective. 
Ve(y simply, Encare works by neutral -
izing sperm. When used properly, 
Encare melts and gently effervesces, 
spreading within 
your vagina for 
protection against 
pregnancy. 

Even under very 
rigorous testing 
conditions, Encare's 

spermicide wa s found to be highly 
effective. 
Simply safe, 
And if you ask your gynecologist 
about Encare, you ' ll be reassured to 
hear that Enca re cannot harm your 
body the way the pill o~ IUD mig~t. 

Whi ch mea ns, you Simply won t 
be worri ed about those 
com pi ica tions. 
For maximum protection. it i . 
ess ntial that you read and follow 
directions arefully and, if 
indicated. con ult your physician. 
No bi rl h control m thod i 
guaranteed to prey 'nt pregnancy. 

Birth control, simplified. 

t • IS 

a 



24 

WHICH NEW HIGH BIAS 
TAPE WINS MAHLER'S 

FOURTH SYMPHONY? 
Choose eight measures of Mahler's Fourth 
that are really rich in the high frequencies. 
The type of passage that high bias tapes are 
designed for. 
Record it on your favorite high bias cassette, 
using the Chrome/Cr<b settinRg Then again 
on new MEMOREX HIGH 81_. 
Now play back the tapes. 
We're convinced you'll have a new favorite. 
New MEMOREX HIGH BIAS is made with 
an exclusive ferrite crystal oxide formulation. 
No high bias tape delivers greater high 
frequency fidelity with less noise, plus truer 
response 8CfOII the entire ~ range. 
In short, you can Ind a 
thatg;y,. you truer . '. feJ)roductlon. : ... .. . 

October, 1979 

I 


