
. Extra Senate Mail Ballot Results 

The Daill! Guardian 
Volume 37, Number 32 University of California, San Diego Wednesday, June 13, 1979 

Academic Senate Votes 360- 219 
'No Confidence;' McElroy: I'll Stay 

C lockwise from upp r left: Chancellor McElroy, "I won't resign;" Presid ent Saxon. who will 
present information to the R egents this weekend on UC D's administra tive troubles; e nate 
Chairman Russ II Doolittl announcing the 360-216 "no confidence" vot as t levision crews 
and the pr ss look on. GUM-,It ... Pho'" I" M.,III,..", (,,,.,,, 

By J e ff B e resford -Howe 
News Editor 

The Academi nate vot d 360·219 in favor of a r solution of 
"no confidenc "in ha ncellor William McElroy last w k, but 
M 'Elroy says he won't resign " under pr ssure" a nd Presid nt 

axon issu d a statem nt est rday supporting the chan e llor. 
The mail ba llo t vote, the results of which were allnoun ed last 

night by 'enatl' chairma n Russell Dooli ttle. is int(' rpre ted by many 
of the faculty as a ca ll f r thf' chancellor 's resignation, and an 
affirm a tion of the May 29 vo te of :~3 1 · 116 III favor of the 'ame 
resolutioll . 

But M ' [ Iro '. addr<'ssing a press conferem:e after the vote, srud 
there was " no wa " 111:' wo uld r's ign. adding, " I stand on my 
position . I think my record is a good onl'. I'm pre'pared to go to the 
Regents Friday a nd say I want to stay on. The decision will th n b 
left to them. I am confide nt tha t th y \·ill a llow me to s tay on." 

The Regents will me t tomorrow a nd Friday III Los Ang les a nd 
hear from th 'ha ne 1I0r a nd axon on ' D's admi ni tra ti ve 
CriSIS. 

M cElroy a lso said he was not surprised b • the o te's outcome-
" I don't th ink there's any pr siden t of a unlv('rslty that ould g t 40 
to 50 percent support on an vo tp" - a nd Said that he " would not 
ste p down und r adverseria l conditions." 

He 'a lled th ena te o te a de ' isi n bas d on "em tion," and 
said tha t th re was "somp d gr e of organil.atlUn" agains t him in 
th vote, though he refus d to say who he thought was involv d . 

axon. speaki ng through a pr ss aide, acknowl dg 'd that th re 
ar' " problems" a t D. but went on to say that McElro "has 
already taken st ps to begin solving th >m ... 1 am confident that he 
I\'dl 1)(' able to find solutions . 

" \A 'hill' faculty oplll10n IS Important, It IS al~o Important t 
rl'nll'mlH'r that lInd('r Chan 'dlor McElroy's Il'ddershlj) dUrln~ tht, 
PdSt Sl'wn yl'dYS. the cclmpus has l'nhilllcl'd and sollddi'd Its 
Ildtlonal stal1dmg: t' llrollnll'nt has grm\ n from (-i,HO() to 10, 00: 
'lI.tr,lfllLlral Mi pport h .. s grown from ~- fi2 million to mon thcln $1 00 
1111111On: till' nUIllI>l'r of <Ictlve (ontracts and L(ral1 ts has inl'reilsl'cI 
from 1,400 to 2.~(}(}: 2() members of the fa cultv Iwv t' been electt'd 
10 nll'mill'1 ship 111 til(' I dtlOnal Academy of . ~ I('n((':-: two olwl 
1,Il Irt'dks htlv!' Joinl'd the faculty : Third Coll egl' ilnd Warren 
Co ll t'ge hav(' IWl'n open ·d. In sum . til(' campus has flourished 
und!'r hl~ leadership ," ,' a on said. 

111:- ,lIde ,Idded, " the unlVt'rslty i:- not a democracy. The 
d1ilncel!~)rs serv(' a t tilt:' pleasure of the Rege nt s ... not th cademic 
Senate. 

: om fill'lIlt ·. howt'Vt'r. thlllk till' vott' IS a ' Ign that th > 
chancellor should n'sigl1 . (please turn to page 4) 

Counc -I Will Probably Approve 'Third' 
By Eri Ja e 

Edi tor 
Observers e pec\ t Ie nd me 

"Third Co llege" will b e 
appro ved in a mdil ballol of lhp 
T h i r d Co il e g t' . 0 u n (' i I 
('onri llded thi s week . 

C Regents hm:l' th e finell 
say on the college 's namt:'. 

The r silits o f the mail vutl, 
to be r I ased today. :.hollid 
foll ow losely the resu lts of Ihe 
g ner,, 1 co lle ge e lection 
conduded two we ks ago, 
cou n cil memb e rs said 
yes terday. In that ele ·tion Third 
Co ll eg fa ' ult y member 
favored th name Third by a 

WEATHER 
Cloudy in the ear ly 

morn ing with patchy, de nse 
fog and ·1 a ring by mid-
morning . Temp('ra turl's \\ ill 
be 76·83 degr '('S, \\inds W 
10·1 knots . 

TIll' surf will he 2·4 f ' ,t at 
13 sl'cond IIltervals . TIlt' 
water tempcratur' is (i4 
dl'grl'l's . 

thrt'l' to 0111' margin. , lI1d 
. tudl'nt s approved II by two to 
one. 

A mail ballot of Ihe council. 
l'omp()~('d of six students and 
SIX profl'ss(·rs . is being held 
because too few fa cult y council 
m mb >rs ca me to a vote a t las t 
Frida y's council m ding. said 
acl ing Third olleg ; I) 'a n 

usa n Montrose. 
A ('a ucu of the stude nts who 

sit on th ' 'ounc il vot d Jun ,4 to 
approve Ih na me "Third," 

If the ' ouncil approves the 
nilme Third, th e recom · 
m ndation ill b forw a rded to 

han 'e1lor William McElroy, 
who ca n either submit th na me 
to th UC Regents for fin a l 
Cl pproval or s nd it bac k to the 
'ouncil and ask. for further 

co nsideration . McElroy 
r turned th is u to the 'oun il 
this summ 'r, whe n the counci l 
recommended tha t th name 
" Third·' b mLid perman nl. 

Muir ollege Provost John 
t ' warl, chairman of th 
'o rnmittel' on <lming Grounds 

ilnd Facilities, whi-h 

r(' (' () mill(' n d (. d d U Ylil g th e 
:.umnwr that McElroy 'ilccept 
th t' na m e " Third," sai d 
yes terddY it WilS " impossib le" to 
determine what the 'omml ttet"S 
recommenda ti n would be thi s 
time . 

The last time th ' committee 
rejected th na rr,e Third, it said 
it thought th na me wou ld 
eventually lose the s ignifica nce 
it has now . 

t wart did 'ay tha t the time 
interval sin 'e the last time the 
lIame was con 'ider d "ma k s a 
big differ n 'c" a nd indicat s the 
name ma have permanent 
mea ning . 

pokes men for th e 
Lumumba-Za pata Mov men t 

ommittce which i ' se ·king to 
hav Third College named a ft er 
those two Third World leaders 
- said yesterday that the group 
IS waiting to se what the council 
vo te will be b fore they ad. 
though Ihey xpect the co un -il 
to r commend the name Third . 

Mark Esca jed i:, an A 
repr sentative from Third and a 
me mber of tht' Lumumb,, · 

Signs with "Third" spray painted over with "Lumumba-
Zapata" appeared acros Third's campu last we k. 
ZHpata committe , said tha t if fall, wh n students return to 
the council r' 'omm nded the campus. to con id r the matter. 
na me " Third " th , !{roup wi ll te ll 

tewar t 's ' ommitt e and 
syst mwide ad ministrators that 
Ih naming eI c tion "w~sn ' t run 
fairl y." 

Escajeda said he hoped Ihat if 
t h l' n a III e ' , T h i r d ' , IS 
recommended, St wart ' 
committ " would Wi.llt until th ' 

The Lumumba ·Za pata 
group 's fforts are in limbo thi -
week dul' t final e aminations 
but. re!.{ardless of the 'oun ' il' 
decisio~, it will contrnue its 
efforts this summer to have a 
college named "Lumumba -
Zapala, " Escaj{>da said. 



Page 2 The Daily Guardian Wed., June] 3, 197H 
------------------------------------------~~---------------------------------~---

editorial 

The ChanceUor 
Should Resign 

In what may be the first case of its kind in the history 
of the University of California, a faculty Academic 
Senate has voted no-confidence in its chancellor. The 
tally, conducted last week by mail, was an 
overwhelming 360-219 against William McElroy, 
with 32 abstentions. The balloting drew votes from 87 
percent of the estimated 700 teachers on campus, and 
thus is more compelling than the two-to-one straw vote 
against McElroy May 29. 

In light of the results. we believe McElroy should 
resign the position he has held since 1972 . The 
campus would be better run under a chancellor who 
commanded more respect from his colleagues. II 
would serve no one 's interests, including McElroy's, if 
he remained. 

If McElroy does not resign , which he said las t night 
he would not do, the UC Regents should remove him. 

The expected numbers game has a lready begun 
w:th the figures. The 360 anti-McElroy voles 
represent just over 51 percent of the on-campus 
faculty ; McElroy noted last 'nighl tha t the figure drops 
to 45 percent if the entire faculty, including members 
who are off-campus Ihis quarler, is counted. 

Such maneuvering cannot hide the fact that a 
stunning number of professors, after a week of whal 
must have been agonized consideration for some of 
them, have voted against McElroy. 

We are not entirely comfortable about the vote 
ourselves, because we have doubts about the 
legitimacy of the Academic Senate . It is an 
organization that draws professors' interest only when 
they are mad at something, like a highfalutin' 
grievance committee with democratic trappings. 

In this case, however, the faculty had a legitimate 
complaint. McElroy had acted unilaterally to 
reorganize the administration to give himself more 
control over graduate studies anq research, areas near 
to the hearts of many teachers. Though he has stopped 
that reshuffling in light of fa ully outrage, and though 
Paul Sallman, who resigned in protest over McElroy's 
move, is back at his vice chancellor's post, the faculty 
nonetheless feels that McElroy can no longer run 
UCSD effectively. Admittedly, "effectively" may be 
most accura.tely defined in this case as "most in accord 
with their individual interests." 

The senate has not specified what other complaints 
it has about McElroy, other than general remarks that 
he is not disposed toward the requisite amount of 
consultation with professors. The-senate ought to have 
been more dear, if only to protect itself from charges 
that it has indulged in a scholarly temper tantrum. 
Mention has been made, however, of his handling of 
issues such a~ daycare, the firing of Josie Foulks and 
his tendency to kow-tow to the chamber of commerce 
types on the Board of Overseers. Students could add 
their own anay of complaints. 

On ,he other side of the coin is the growth and 
prospe;ity UCSD, through the work of McElroy and 
others, has p.xperienced "in the last five years, including 
the opening of Warren College, the construction of 
Third CoOege and the o~ning of ~he Mandeville ~nd 
stu ..... t centers. UCSD has also taken its place as one 
of .'. top three grant-~ttracting colleges in the 
country ~ McElroy cleterves credit for this ~, much as 
he ancrothers deterve blame over the school's high 
attrition rate, questions of un admitted CIA links to the 
campus and other issues. 

Seven years is a respectable tenure for a chancellor. 
Executives often experience a "coalition of minorities" 
effect, through which group. of varying sizes offended 
over executive decisions add up over time into a 
majority that turns against the executive. This illikel~ 
given the myriad emotional, political and professional 
attachments that exist between a faculty and an 
administration. It is also likely that McElroy could 
have delayed the inevitable markedly by paying more 
attention to facully and community voices. 

Essay Contest Winner 

Bull, Drama Student, Gets Nat'/ 
Award for Analysis of Altman 

By Katherine Hafner 
Staff Writer 

II's not just the sciences that 
bring outside monies to UCSD. 
Nor is it just faculty members . 
Peter Bull , a second -year 
graduate student in the visual 
arts department, has proven the 
exception to both these rules. 

Bull recently placed first in 
the film criticism category of a 
nationwide student film 
competition, FOCUS '79. The 
competition was sponsored by 
Datsun 's manufacturer , the 
Nissan Corporation. 

First prizt! meant $2,500 in 
cash and a Datsun 3 1 O-GX for 
Bull, as well as a Datsun pick-up 
for the UCSD visua l arts 
department. Bull will a lso be 
working this summer in New 
York City with Playboy film 
critic Bruce Willia mson. 

Bull's prize-winning essay 
was a ten-page analysis entitled , 
"Stylish Americana : The Films 
of Robert Altman." In his 
cri ti cism, Bull a rgues that 
Altman's ea rly film s are hi 
bes t. In movies such as 
McCabe and Mrs. Miller, 
Altma n reversed the pa ttern of 
the typical We -tern . Bull finds 
Altman 's broa dly satirical 
recent films superficial. 

Bull admits that he never 
expected to win, especially since 
his was a very critical piece. 
Winning entries are usually 
filled with " wishy -was hy 

Prize.winning essayist Peter Bull. 

praise," he says. 
Bull is using his prize money 

to help ' fund the filming of a 
documentary in Mill Valley, a 
wealthy community near San 
Francisco. Bull and co· workers 
Sonia Rosario and Alex Gibney 
shot 40·hours worth of footage 
of a teaching experiment, in 
which 7th graders created and 
inhabited a fictitious country 
every day during social studies. 
The thirteen-year · olds 
developed and controlled their 
own government, economy, 

film making "inside and out ," for Yale, "it 's a crazy place," 
he is interested in doing a said Bull. Although the 
politically -oriented docu - academic training he received 
mentary. Bull has chosen film there was outstanding. he hated 
as a medium through which to the "stuffy , elitist atmosphere." 
make social statements. The Culturally, howe ver . Bull 
form of film itself is accessible, feels that the East Coast is much 
says Bull , and it directly more alive than the West. "You 
communica tes to the"audience. have to go through a real period 

As for a Hollywood career, of adjustment," said Bull, who 
Bull is ,planning to avoid that "couldn ' t stand " Southern 
route . "Whenever Hollywood California when he first arrived . 
makes a film that focuses on a He has noticed a sort of inertia 
real social issue, rather than here. "It 's partly the people a nd 
stating the broader rami- partly the climate," he said. 
fications, the villa ips and heroes " And because of the long 
are individualized. In China distances between places. there 

and court system. Syndrome, for e-xample, you is no real community." 
see Jane Fonda - the maverick This "handy microcosm of 

our own society" was quite an 
eye-opener for Bull. "They tum 
into greedy little capitalists," 
Bull remarked, "hostile to taxes 
and fines , and suing each other 
at the drop of a hal." A major 

• focus of the film, Bull explained , 
is to illustrate the fine line 
between a fictional setting and 
real situations. 

reporter ." 
Having worked in Hollywood 

as a light man. Bull admits. that 
there exists a line bOtween 
" selling-out a nd ge tti~ g 
experience. " But the goal, as 
Bull sees it, is "to present 
documentarie s that don 't 
romanticize, but analyze. II 

Coincidentally enough, tw~ 
other top prize winners in the 
FOCUS competition in the past 
two years have been Yalies. As 

But wi (l tever the land of sun 
a nd bean sprout s may lack. it is -
p rovidin g th is charismatic 
young filmmaker with a place to 
polish his cra ft. 

Where will Bull go when he 
re ce ives hi s MA n e xt 
December? ''I'll probably go 
back East, " he replied. "But it 
rea lly mailers where I get 
grants. And I guess the business 
really is out here, and, you 
know. the climate is nice .... " 

Bull is trying to interest PBS 
in the Mill Valley film. He is 
optimistic about his prospects in 
public television, since the 
Carnegie Commission recently D · t· g I·S hed G th H 
issued a report stating that more IS In u a e r er e 
:'e~':te~fil~ma'ke~~en to For Pugwash Conference 

Small, with bushy red hair, a ~ , 
fair complexion and a Th.!: hrst u.s. Student version 
contagious smile, the 25.year. .. of the PUllwash conferences will 
old from Boston received his be held next week at UCSD. 
B . A . in art from Yale . Students selected for the 
University. While~ing wi.... conference. funded b.y a 
light sculptures, he developed $9~,(m()' ~rant from the 
an interest in films and film- Natronal Science FoundalJon 
making. and the National Endowment 

. for the Humanities, will have the 
Bull say. ~ applied to UCSD opportunity to meet in formal 

because thll art department and informal seasions with some 
"has excellent people from a of the nalion', most 
wide variety o.f fields." , He distinguished leaders in the 
works mostly With Jean·Plerre sciences and humanitiet to 
Gorin, Louis ~ock, and Mamy discus!. the overall topic 
farber. He II the TA for "Science and Ethical 
Farber'. .. History of nm" Responsibility." 
cia... Among those acheduled to 

"I'm not interested in art for participate are Jona. Salk, 
art's take, a1thou,h that's my Roger Revelle, Daniel fJlsberg, 
training," BuI remarks. Now Ronald Berman, former 
that he ~noWI the bUlineu of director of the National 

Endowment for the Humanities. 
Bernard Feld, editor of the 
Bulletin for Atomic Scien-
lilll. Herbert Scoville, arms 
control autho)il'y~ George 
Kistialmwsky, former science 
advisor to President Eisenhower 
and Jeremy J. Stone, director of 
the Feder alian of American 
Scientilts. 

Seventy-five undergraduate 
and graduate students from ' 
American universities and 
foreign students attending 
American universities will be 
selected from among the 
applicants to attend the sludent 
Pugwash Conference, named 
after the first such conference 
held in Pugwa.h, Nova Scotia, 
Canada. 

• 

\V t·d .. .J" ' v~ ;: < ::.1-=9:..-7:..-9=-____________________ ....:T.,:h:::e:..-D==a:.:il:!,.y..,:G=u==a:..:rd::.:i:=a:.:.:"=--------___________________________ P~age....:3 

.-

.. 

• 

,--.. 

Casually 
Sophisticated 

" . 

"World's Most Uniq~e Pizza" 
Lunch • Dinner 

Takeout, too! 
Directions : 1-5 or Coast Highway to Carmel 

Valley Road then west 112 mile. , 

OPEN 
LATE 
• Spaghetti 
• Pizza 
• Bountiful 

Sandwiches 
• Beer 
• Wine 

\ 
\ 

. , \Ca~'l¥gie 
"\ ~·440 

, , ~, 'Pizza 
~)'II,," 

2212 Carmel Valley Road. Del Mar • 755-6778 



Page'4 The Daii'y Guardian Wed., June 13, 1979 

Culmination of Reed a Double Challenge 
By Mark Levine 

Staff Writer 
The Bells - Lou Reed (Arista) 

Before the term narcissism 
had become the favorite buzz 
word among those a rticulate 
vampires who drew their life 
blood from the ink of The New 
York Review of Books, the 
most telling argument against 
what usee: to be called the 
"swinging singles scene" was 
the lack of sub lance, the 
hedonistic seriality of the 
liaisons, the very plasticity in 
which every participant was 
either a predator or a 
professional victim. This being 
the ca se, it was only a matter of 
time before rock's resident 
sociologist of the perverse, Lou 
Reed , fina lly hunkered down to 
give his sma'lI but rabid ba nd of 
foll owers hi s u l t i m ate 
disserta tion on the most recent 
form of ocial effl u nt clogging 
the int e ll ige ncia's sewer 
absorbed coli ctive mind. 

The Be lls, R d 's la te tip, 
mark the culmina tion of a long 
(five album ) progres ion whi h 
might catch a good number of 
his Ie s a ttenti v lis teners by 
surprise for its uncompromising 

Kevin, Randy. Mark. 
Andy, Marsha. Rick. Bev. 
Bob. Jim w.. Greg. my 
Parents. Reg Fee folks. 
the AS'ers, Guardian 
nuts. and all the others 
who've made the last 5 
years at UCSD so special 
- thank you so very. 
very mUCh. 

\lr r ,. '''00'' 
t. 'flt) .ourll, l~' ~. 1 .. 

~-------------NOW SHOWING 
The Promise 
evenings 5:45 7:40 9'36 

The Deerhunter 
evenings 5:15 8'45 

.Love tlt 
r-Irst Bite 
evenings 6: 10 8'05 9:55 
Sot/Sun matinees 12302:204:15 
--------------

STARTS FRIDAY 

The Champ 
evenings 5.20 7:45 10:10 
Sot/Sun matinees 1230 2.55 

Jaws 
evenings 6 30 8 55 
Sot/Sun matinees 1 45 4 10 

~-------------

candor in port raying the oft en 
ugly rea lities lurking behi nd the 
catchy rh ymes and jungles of 
AM radio. 

Whether he is releasing 
doubl e a lbum s so und in g 
suspiciously like the maddening 
noise on the soundtrack of The 
Ipcrell ·file or simply touring 
the country as that burnt·out 
nihilistic summation of the 
punk I g litter sub c ulture, 
Reej:l 's one redeeming talent has 
always been the ability to 
rec o gniz e the vulne ra bl e 
pressure p o ints of co n · 
temporary urba n existe nce. 
From the bleak a nd de pressing 
s tree ts of Berl in to the 
ex hila ra ting and inhum a n 
brutality ' of New York , Reed 's 
works a re highly idio yncratic 
ci tyscapes capturing th la t st 
trend I fads a nd eleva ting 
t hem in t o apo c rypha l 
s ta tements mad a ll the more 
poigna nt by the artist's adamant 
refusal to take a n overtly 
moralisti stand and. instead, 
letting his word pictures speak 
for themselves. 

In dee d , the key t o 
discovering the con 'e pt behind 
The Bells {on fir t li st ning, an 

apparently hopele s ly disjointed 
ffort) rests in both th cover 

a rtwork a nd two n w tunes, 
" Disco Mys tic" a nd "A ll 
T hrough the Nigh!." Photo· 
gra phed a the quintessential 
disco hustle r, holding up a 
mirror to his face but looking 
squa r Iy through a ny potentia l 
record buyer , Reed throws off 
his Rock a nd Roll Animal 
image and lays down a double 
challenge, parodying the vanity 
of the night club scene and the 
vacuity of those who we re rea lly 
moroni enough to believe tha t 

• there was such a person as Lou 
Reed in the first plare. 

Ra ther tha n exploiting the 
unconventiona l characters h 
has explored on previous 

. ou tings, th i time Reed di ssects 
the decade .. e of norma lity 
threa tening to strangle a ny last 
hint of individual fr e dom. In 
the sleazy Latin·f1 avor d come 
on 's of •. ity Lights" and th 
a musingly clumsy romantic 
proposals of " I Wa nt to Boogie 
With You, " there is the 
inescapable f eling of being 
trapped in the wi l ting 
a lmosph r of a . down town 
brothel with all of its odors a nd 

Pam is a loan officer at your 
University and State Employees Credit 
Union . Daily she comes face to face With 
people that share the same kinds of money 
needs you have. And daily she sees those 
problems solved quickly and conveniently. 

If you Or your spouse are employed 
through UCSD you 're eligible to take 

ries of simula ted exci t menl. 
Put simply, The Bells is not 

a n easy a lbum to liste n to. The 
fu ll tilt roc k and roll of " Looking 
for Love," while id a l for 
a nyone with a taste for very 
ha rd fifties s tyle rock, is not the 
sort of thing most people wa nt to 
hear a t ten in the morning over a 

bowl of soggy cornflah 
R d 's voice , an instrument I 
consummale ineptitude . h 
been stre tch d to its fu ll! ~t 
limits. ma king even his mc l>t 
ardent admirers wond r if t t' 
a rti t is merely toying with I i~ 
public . 

Senate, McElroy Clash 
(Continued from page 1) 

" I think the vote sufficiently 
indicated tha t the cha ncellor 
should quie tly, gracefull y move 
on," said one faculty member 
who ask d not to be id ntified . 

Murray Goodma n, chairman 
of the Chemis try Department , 
be lieves the vot indica tes that 
the facu lty "wants a cha nge." 
The issue he says. is "how this 
place is to b run for the 
eighties, .. the chancellor should 
help us and work with us to 
choose the fi ght leader for thl' 
eighties." 

Tony D utsch, a psychology 
pr.fessor present during the 
vote count. said " th m ssag i · 

·1 ar. .. 1 think the vo t greatly 
weakened his mora l authority ." 

P a ul a ltm a n , vi c 
cha ncellor of academic a ffa i 
a nd the man whose resigna ti 
he lped ign it e the curre r 
{,:ontroversy, s topped short 
asking McElroy to leave, L, 
did say h would be "ve 
ups t" if su ' h a vot w .-
re turned against him . 

DeWitt Higg~ an Diego , 
only Rt' gent. .. won 'l dis ·uss It 
until I get a full report fro m (I , 
president. " Like axon, Hig .. 
says Il O conting 'n ')' plans ha " 
Iwen madt· bast'd on the vot, 

Rt'su lts of tilt' vote we 
a nnounced to tl1l' press al I 
curious professors and studel 
a t abou t 11:30 last night a ft ·" 
three enat t' ml'mbers,'aided I, 

('na te sta ff. cO Llnt t·d the (1 ) I 
ballots cast . 

advantage of U.S.E. Credit Union 's low cost 
loan program. We lend money for vehicles. 
furniture , home Improvement. to reflllance 
higher cost loans from other finanCial 
Institutions .. . neariy everything . And ours 
are among the lowest loan rates anywhere. 

Just ask Pam. 

~NCUA []]~rn 
@ University & Stat. Employees Credit Union 

" Where you can belong for a li fetime " 

453-5620 
Call on Your U.S.E. Credit Union Today 

E QUAlIlOUSlll 
LENDER 

~ 1;. J 
u 


