
The Daily-° Guardian 
.. - . ~ -

Volume 38, Number 44 Univenity of California, San Diego Wednesday, November 21, 1979 

UC Iranian 
Jailed After 
Visa Mishap 

By Jeff Beresford-Howe 
and Katherine Hafner 
UCSD's Iranian students 

are scheduled to meet with 
immigration officials Nov. 30, 
but one student who reported 
to the downtown immigration 
office early sa:rs he was held in 
a county ja' for two days 
because of questions 
concern!ng his status in the 
United States. 

The student, who would 
identify himself only as 
"Amin," said that he went to 
register Nov. 15, almost 
immediately after hearing of 
President Carter's plan to 
check visas of all Iranian 
students. 

Amin says confusion over 
his visa expiration date 
allowed Immigration Naturali -
zation officials to place him in 
the Metropolitan Correction 
facility downtown overnight. 

Bail was first set at $5,000, 
but he was eventually released 
without bail. 

Kennedy Cancels 
Large Lect~re, Will 
Address Small Group 

By John Hondros 
Associate News Editor 

. Senator Edward Kennedy's staff has notified the Career 
Planning and Placement Office that the senator will not be 
available to speak to a large audience next friday, according to 
Mike McCraw, acting director of the CP&P office. 

Both Kennedy's scheduling and press aides were unable to 
explain the change, or even to confirm that'it was made. 

The Massachusetts senator now plans to speak in an 
"informal discussion with about 40 people, most of whom will be 
students," said McCraw. 

His plans to visit UCSD on Nov. 30 are still in effect, 
according to McCraw, but the nature of his activities are not yet 
known. 

"This was a last minute change (on behalf of Kennedy's staff); 
the event has shifted from a lecture to an informal discussion," he 
said. 

McCraw said his office has received no indication of why the 
presidential candidate does not want to address a large crowd. 
"I've been calling Washington all day, but was unable to come 
up with a reason for the change," he said yesterday. 

McCraw also said Kennedy and his staff were initially aware 
he would be speaking here before a large crowd. "We had to 
assume he would speak to a large group since he accepted an 
invitation which explicitly said he would be !>peaking to 
interested students and community members." 

The senator's running for office may have directly affected 
this change, speculates Diana Annala , director of University 
Events. Amin's visa expired in 

August, but a federal order 
extends all Iranian visas to 
Jan. 1. The Associated Press 
reported yesterday that 
confusion over the extension 

. has caused detentions 
throughout California, almost 
always followed by relea.se of 
the students within a day or 
two. 

..... to, Matt Ciedt 

'Turkey Trot' on ReveUe Plaza yesterday includ.,.l· .. form of 
friebee ,oIf in which contestanh tried to hit pie plates mounted on 
cones of friebees. 

" I think a lecture at a university in San Diego was bigger than 
he wanted at this time ... He may just want to focus on the $100 a 
plate dinner with the Mexican-American Defense League in Los 
Angeles (which he will attend after his vi!>it here)." 

According to Annala , tickets for the event will not be 
available Monday now that the audience will be select. "We 
have put in days and days of work into planning this thing, now 
we will have to spend days cancelling," she said. 

His story is not confirmable 
(immigration officials say 
there have been too many 
cases recently to examine any 
case in particular), but 
immigration officials do say 
that his case falls into a general 
pattern they've noticed. 

Pregnancy Benefits Increased, 
Reg Fee Declines Spouse Plan 

Annala said there was 
much negotiating that went on 
with Kennedy's staff over 
where to hold the event. "I 
ordered tickets for both 
Mandeville Auditorium and 
the gym ... We've been 
standing by for !>O long." 

"Before the word got out to 
the school (about Carter's 
order), it got out through the 
newspaper, and we started 

Please lurn 10 paRe 4 

By Riaa Lee Podolsky 
Staff Writer 

The Reg fee Committee voted yesterday to 
inqease pregnancy coverage up to $300. 

The committee increased the amount of 
coverage to $150 for normal full-term 
pregnancies and $300 for abnormal 
(Caesarean) deliveries, while keeping the $100 
cover#lge for abortions. 

Don Strebel, a graduate student, originally 
asked the coverage to be upped to $1000, 
pointing out that , normal pregnancy averages 
around $1000 and Caesarean delivery $2000 
or more. 

Strebel, a persistent foe of abortion coverage 
partly because it "only serves women," also 

proposed pregnancy coverage for the spouses 
of UCSD men. 

But the committee declined to cover student 
pregnancy for them or for $1000. " I'm not at 
all convinced that we should be covering 
pregnancy either way," said Judy Mac Brine, a 
reg fee committee member. 

The committee voted, 9-1 with two 
abstentions, to provide the $100·$150-$300 
coverage. Cathy Valerio, author of the motion, 
said, "I don't think we should pay for 
negligence. I don't think accidental pregnancy 
happens so easily without people giving it a 
thought. 

Dianne Rosenberg, Student Health Services 
1'11!(lse lurn I() ()(Iile R 

Kennedy 's discussion, 
sponsored by the Health 
Sciences Advisory Program, 
an arm of the CP&P office, 
and the Health Experience 
Learning Program, a student 
organization on campus, will 
probably focus on the future of 
national health care, McCraw 
sajd. 

The location of the lecture 
has not been decided , and will 
be discussed between UCSD 
and Kennedy's staff this week. 

Rent Control Opponents Pretend to Be Supporters 
By Deairee MorriIOll 

The campaign to qualify rent control initiatives for 
next year's ballot has barely begun. 

The Coalition for fair Rent, which is pushing an 
initiative that would extend rent control in the state, is 
sniping at the Californians for fair Rent, which is 
pushing an initiative to decrease the effects of rent 
control in €alifomia. 

Coalition chairman Tom Kozden accused the 
Californians for Fair Rent of confusing the issue by' 
usinj( a name lIimilar to theirs. 

"The landlord'. initiative is not for rent control and if 
it paNeS it will de.tror. all existing rent control 
ordinances in California, ' he 118id. 

Mike Jones, who URd to distribute ballot petition. 
for the 'Californians' I'oup has become a major 
backup in the Coalition'. campaign. He thinks 
Californians For Fair Rent, supported by real estate 
agent., lenders and builders, is defrauding the people. 

". moved into San' Diego about two month. ago and 
the job situation is very tough here," did Jones. "So I 
read in the clauified. that an organization'Wal paying 
20 cents a signature- for a petition drive. So when I wall 

interviewed the lady told me the petitions were for rent 
control. Well, I could get behind that." 

While Jones was urging people to sign the petition 
he said many people kept asking him if this was the 
right petition. 

"I persuaded people that this was for rent control 
and they didn't have anything to worry about. But then 
one day this lady started yelling at me telling me I was 
'frauding people and that she was going to report me to 
the district attorney," ~aid Jones. 

"I became upset because she was genuinely 
interested in rent control and knew more than I did. 
She compelled me to investigate and so I read the 
initiative carefully and I realized it was all a &ham." 

Jonelt said he has talked with other petitioners and 
found many of them believed they were gathering 

~gnatures for rent control because that WCUi what they 
were told. Many people who work the petitions are jUlOt 
interested in making the 20 cents per signature and say 
theL do not bother to read the entir initiative 

The Californian» for fair Rent is tieadquartered at 
the Gables Agency, an advertising and public relations 

Plea e lurn 10 fK11lt! 8 



2 Wedne8day:November 21, 1979 

Keeping Fees from Financing Abortions 
By Albin Rhomberg 

... As government funds or school imiurance plans 
began footing the bill, students turned increasingly 
calual, even flippant, about abortions. for many, 
undergoing the procedure was no more significant 
than picking a scab - an ultimate callousness 
towlU'd the creation of human life. 

These WOrdl in a Dec. 7 Los Angeles Times 
opinion page article by Robert E. Kavanaugh, a 
paycholotrical counselor, described the situation 'he 
watched develop at UCSD during 10 years of 
counseling students prior to his retirement. 

A small but increaling number' of UC students has 

Albin Rhomberg. a UCSD graduate student, is 
one 01 a Iroup of students suing the university over 
the use 01 registration fees to pay for insurance that 
includes abortion coverage. 

program is to make it free . That is, to fund it so that 
. everyone must bear the cost equally and need pay 
nothing extra, no matter how much they use (or 
abuse) that service. 

This il exactly what the office of student affairs has 
done with abortion services. The fathers and mothers 
of unborn children aborted need pay not a penny 
more than Susan Erzinger would be required to pay 
for ~heir abortions no matter how many such 
abortions they might seek. (Starting this fall , it seems 
that the abortion payments are to be limited to one 
$100 payment per academic year. Why? Were 
students having "too many" abortions? Was it a 
burden to the former insurance carriers and the 
health care program? Aren't abortions in whatever 
numbers required really needed health care? The 
cure for the "disease of pregnancy?") 

- The next most effective advocacy is to make 
the free service's availability and acceptability widely 

not only become aware of !his calloullness toward known. for example. during fall, 1977 Welcome 
life, but hal chosen 10 cease "footing the bill" and Week, Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairli Paul 
thus facilitating abortionll through their mandatory Saltman gave a lecture. "Sex. Science and Surfing -
UC regiltration fees. What EI.e III There To Live for?" during which he 

In a sense, this awarenelS began when former glibly spoke to incoming ,tudents of "D & C's" (an 
AlIOCiate Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs unrecommended early abortion procedure) as a 
Richard P. Whitehill told a June, 1977 meeting on needed campus health service. Dr. Saltrnan used the 
.....duate student summer health lier'vices that 500 occasion and hili prestigious position to criticize and HAS· ... (abortions) were done through the UCSD even ridicule tho.e students and their parents who 
health service the previouli year. had protested paying for abortions. That's not 

Since then. V. Robert Allen. M.D .• director of the surprising, since long ago (Triton Times, feb. 28. 
Student Health Service, and his staff feign ~ 972). ~Itrnan d.ebated ~n !his camp.us in favo~ of 
COnIiderabie ignorance on abortion services but liberaliZing abortion. (His side has since certamly 
their 1976· 77 official report itemized 678 pregr:ancy . won. Is he ~tislied?) . 
teats and coyly mentioned abortions only under "365 . Also durmg W~orne Weeks. ~aron ~eating. 
patient visits to our consultant gynecologists for ~r~tor of ~Ilen s sexual planrung unit. ~s 
diagnosil and treabnent of knoum or suspected dlslnbuted a Birth Control Handbook (free a.8am), 

~ eli ..... (Emphuia mine. Does Dr. whic~ advocates a free·love lifestyle. backed by 
AIen bdeve pn!IMnCY ia • "diIeue?") abortions. 

After further inquiries. three students refused to ------------------
continue footing the bill and Placed their faU. 1977 ... coyly mentioned only 
registration fees in a trust account to conscientiously "known or sushDcted 
prevent an-.1 part of them being used for abortions " .... 
services. The UCSD admim.trative reaction was gynecological 'diseases. " 
an~ but "liberal" QI' accomodaling. The 
students ervollments were simply cancelled. The 
iuue wu to be discusaed only if the students paid up, 
whereupon there would not be anything to disculS. 
Catch 22! 

Suaan Erzinger, a highly qualified (she graduated 
5th out of 500 at La Jolla Hish) incoming student 
wu thus dilCriminatorily denied her ",ht of access to 
a University of California education because of her 
sincere and conlCientioul5 inability to participate in 

r.:yments for abortion services. (Curiously. perSOnii rom the Women's Center not only supported 
Susan'. and also Pear. Patton's cancellation. but 
were MI"Y that the T "'on Times should even 
..... jaeil) 

OIlIer students joining in the protest at UCSD and 
five other UC campuses - 60 in all - have 
struggled to continue their studies because temporary 
legal agreements have been wrung out of the UC 
Rqents' legal counsel, who ltill seem determined to 
maintain enforced payments for abortion liervice~. 
(The UC administration. Regents and faculty seem 
to have abdicated to the lawyers.) Included are 16 
UC Berkeley students who are objecting to the direct 
use of their reg fees for abortions performed on their 
campus in the UCB student health facility. 

Throughout this, the UC~D and UC 
.... nistrations insist that they have not taken a 
poIition of advocacy toward abortion. The facts and 
actual circumstances contradict this: . 

- The most effective adyocacy for any service or 

The position of the UCSD .ex clinic (not'to be 
confused with the above mentioned sexual planning 
unit) on sexual experiences was litated (without any 
mention of responsibilities) in an article covering the 
front page of the UC San Diego Weekly (Vol. 3. No. ' 
30) to be "amoral" by Hugh Pateli, head of the sex 
clinic. ' . 

The Carburetor, a handbooJ( for UCSD students, 
which was prepared. printed and distributed with 
student fee monies, breezdy stated: "Abortion and 
abortion (sic) counseling are available ali a benefit of 
the supplemental ,insurance program coveri"" 
registered studentli. and there iii of course no haule. ' 
(Starting this fall, the payments to abortionists come 
directly out of your registration fees.) 

A student who entered Revelle in fall, 1976, Dana 
Mulligan. when she heard about the UCSD abortion 
controversy in September, 1977 wrote a letter which 
was read on Channel 8 in San Diego. It stated that 
the first day flhe moved into the UCSD dorms she and 
others were contacted by her resident advisor, who 
was also known as an abortion counselor. They were 
informed then by their direct official representative of 
the UCSD student affairs office "that we should not 
worry if we became pregnant because' the University 
will pay for your abortion.' " 

So much for official non.advocacy in the matter of 
hundreds of abortions counseled. referred and 
performed with UCSD student registration fees. 

The law suit against the UC Regents objects not 

Perhaps We 
Weren '{ Clear 

Changes In 
His Letter 

In an editorial yesterday on 
UCSD'. minority recruitment 
policies, The Daily Cuardian 
intended to emphaaize EOP 
DRetor Bm Byrd's contention 
that finding qualified minority 
students i. harder than some 
people. including Third College 
provolll Joe Wahon , often 
make it sound. 

We did not, however, intend 
to imply that Watson is not 
concerned with making sun: 
that the . tuden.. who enter 
UCSD are able to do college· 
level work , UCSD i. not doing 
everythi"ll it can to attract 
minority students who are 
qualified, Watson .... ys. 

Editor: 
I am continually disappoint· 

ed by your paper, whether the 
immediate cause be your 
articles on the Associated 
Students (which tend to select 
the least important of several 
iSlues discussed), your crowd 
count from lallt week's anti· 
nuke rally, (you had half of 
actual attendance) or the way 
you are unable to print my 
letters as I write them. 

There were 12 changes in 
my letter as recentlY published 
by your paper. These range 
from stating that I'm 

Please 111m I .. pa~ 4 

: -it'~~~ ,i. • ~ 'f 
• I 

.. 
. .. 

~: . , . 

only to forced participation in fee payments for 
abortions, because each kills an unborn c ~ild . but 
also because "abortions are detrimental to the life 
and the present and future health of the women 
students involved. and furthermore may seriously 
jeopardize the possibility of conception or the normal 
physical and mental development of any future 
children of these women students." 

The safety of abortion over child birth is often 
stated, but it should be clearly noted that such 
statements almost invariably restrict themselves to 
maternal mortality rates only. which with modern 
medicine and antibiotics are very low for both 
childbirth and early abortion. (Almost all the children 
die in abortions. The whole area of health damage of 
abortions to women and any subsequent children is 
almost always avoided in statements about abortion 
safety.) 

Studies show that about a quarter of women 
undergoing abortions will later have difficulties in 
conceiving or carrying to full term a mentally and 
physically healthy child. for a university and its 
student affaiu office and health service to facilitate 
such a tragic consequence among its own students is 
surely a cavalier approach toward a grave moral and 
even fiscal liabi~ty. 

Some of the students who get abortions may well 
intend to permanently forswear childbearing. Others, 
however, may hold the UC administration and 
Regents responsible for the damages they and their 
families IUb~uen~y suffer. 

Similar anti·abortion protests have been made in 
New York and at Princeton and Harvard. The 
resourceli to carry this legal challenge to the Supreme 
Court if necessary will somehow be found , and the 
student protestors' position will prevail. 

In India. Mother Teresa, "saint of the gutters," 
recently received the 1979 Nobel Peace Prize, the 
fifth woman to win or share the prize. She was 
commended by the Norwegian Nobel Committee for 
her" ... respect for the individual ·human being, for his 
or her dignity and innate value" and for her. 
..... compassion without conde!>cension, based on 
reverence for man." 

Working in her adopted country, amid the direct 
economic poverty on Earth, she has still proclaimed, 
" Abortion is a crime that kills not only the child but 
the consciences of all involved ." 

There are a great many true physicians, students 
and all sorts of persons, women and men and 
children. throughout our own country who 
conscientiously agree with Mother Teresa's 
prophetic judgement on abortion. 

The administration. Regents. and faculty of UC 
(or any other university or entity of the stale) must 
not be allowed to coerce any student (or citizen) to 
participate in any way in what they truly perceive to 
be " ... an ultimate calloulness toward the creation of 
human life." 

While ltill an undergraduate at King 's College 
(now Columbia University), Alexander Hamilton, 
one of the founders and philoaphers of the 
foundations of our system of government wrote, 
"The sacred rights of mankind are not to be 
rummaged for among old parchments or musty 
records. They are written as with a sunbeam. in the 
whole volume of human nature, by the hand of 
divinity itself and ca·n never be erased or obsa.nd by 
mortal power." 

Surely. the right to one's own life. the right to 
respect the life of every other human being, and the 
right to have bne's com.cience respected must be 
maintained among these sacred rights of l)1ankind. 

Wedneeday. November 21.1979 3 

. AssociATED~PRESS· N.EWS BRIEFS· 
, ... -

- .~~ 

J II~TERNA TION AL' [: : \.-'--1 ~ _ ,N-,--A_· - T_I--..:...O--..:...N_A_L~: ----oJ! I I ,1,"--, __ S_T_A_T_E_---.....::........;J:I' 
Trial for Hostages? 

) 
TEHRAN - Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini said 

yesterday th\lt the 49 American hostages still held 
at the U.S. Embassy will be tried as spies if the United 
States refuses his demand to retum the ousted shah. 
He called upon millions of Iranians to demonstrate 
Wednesday against American "imperialism." 

Hours before Khomeini delivered his call over 
nationwide radio and television, militants released six 
more black men and four more women from the 
embassy . State Department officials said all 13 
hostages freed so far might be home by tomorrow. 

Immediately after' Khomeini spoke. thousands of 
people climbed to their rooftops and the capital rang 
with the cry; "Allah Akbar (Cod is great)." 

The religious leader's remarks last night appeared 
to take a tougher stand than his statement Sunday 
thC!t the militants had found evidence U.S. diplornats 
were spying on Iran from the embassy "and a certain 
number of spies ... should be, according to our laws, 
tried and punished ." 

Saudi Shrine Seized 
RIY ADH, Saudi Arabia - Gunmen stormed the 

Grand Mosque in Mecca, which shelters Islam's 
holiest shrine, yesterday and seized a number of 
hostages. the official Saudi news agency reported. 

The Saudi authorities took all necessary measures 
to bring the situation under control and protec t the 
lives of the hostages the agency said, adding that the ' 
attackers carried "a quantity" of arms and 
ammunition. 

The agency did not identify the invaders. It said 
they sneaked into the mosque court yard during 
dawn prayers Tuesday. 

Sources at the Arab summit conference in Tunis. 
capital of Tunisia. said earlier Tuesday 100 armed 
men were involved in the raid. and a Kuwait 
newspaper said 90 hostages were taken. 

In Egypt, Cairo's AI Akhbar newspaper said "a 
large number of Khomeini's bands" in Saudi Arabia 
staged several anti·government demonstrations 
during the pilgrimage season in the city of Muna last 
month. and speculated the attackers might be 
Iranian. 

III lo, ),)1"' -
N t. ( tl\l'r \'(..-l,dnl,,,,,b y , rhur,,,LI} . ~\lnJ , I' 

Force a Possibility 
WASHINGTON - The Carter administration 

hinted for the first time yesterday at the possibility of 
U.S. military action against Iran if American 
hostages at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran are not 
freed. 

The veiled threat came from White House 
spokesman Jody Powell after President Carter 
returned to Washington from his Camp David retreat 
to confer with top advisers. including military leaders. 

" If there is anything more unacceptable than the 
taking of hostages it would be this trial ," he said. " It is 
an outright violation of diplomatic relation and 
diplomatic protection." 

following the Khomeini speech , President Carter 
interrupted his stay at his Camp David, Md ., 
mountain retreat to fly back to Washington for a 
White House meeting with Secretary of State Cyrus 
R. Vance and other top advisers. 

With efforts to free the remaining ' hostages 
apparently a t a stalemate, Andrew You;,;'g, former 
U.S . ambassador to the United Nations , told official~ 
at the State Department he planned to go to Iran to 
try to win their release. 

Senate Feud Ends 
WASHINGTON - Ending nearly three years of 

off·and·on bickering, US Sens . Alan Cranston and 
S.1. Hayakawa agreed yesterday to share authority 
to name future federal court judges in California. 

Aides to the two senators said Cranston, 
Democratic whip of the Senate. will name three· 
quarters of the California judges, and Hayakawa. a 
first·term Republican, will get the final say over one· 
quarter of the new judges. 

Over the past three years, Cranston has picked 
nine judges, including one nominee supported by 
Hayakawa. Sacramento attorney Milton Schwartz. 

Technically, all federal judicial posts are filled by 
the president. But in pI~ctice, presidents of both 
parties have only rubber·stamped the 
recommendations of the US senators in each state. 
particularly :oenators from the president's own party. 

Election Cost Soar 
I 

SAN FRANCISCO - The costs of running for 
public office are 'getting so high that someday few 
hopeful Cilndidates will be able to run, reganless of 
their support. a state Senate committee hearing was 
told yesterday. 

Sen. Omer L. Rains. D·Ventura·Santa Barbara. 
addressing a public hearing of his Senate Select 
Committee on Political Reform. sa!d anybody who 
thinks the need for political reform has disappeared is 
" foolish and shortsighted." 

"Today, campaign cosls are escalating at such a 
precipitous rate that many good and potentially 
strong candidates are prevented from running for 
office, while others are denied the opportunity to 
mount even a minimally competitive campaign," he 
said. 

To illustrate. he said the average cost · of al 
Assembly campaign in 1978 was over $40.000 . a 
94 percent increase over 1976. In a run for the 
Senate, the average , cost of a competitive race in 
1978 was $214,000. an increase of 120 percent 
over 1976. 

Acid Drop on LA 
PASADENA, Calif. - Raindrops falling from 

Los Angeles' polluted skies are as contaminated at 
the East Coast'~ notorious "acid rain," scientists said 
yesterday. 

And they said an even bigger problem in sunny 
Southern California is acid smog - acid dripping as 
tiny water droplets or gas from the haze tha often 
envelops the cars, industries and homes of the Los 

An~eles Dasin. 
Either way, the effect " is exactly the same," said 

Howard M. Liljestrand, an environmental engineer 
who worked on the project at the California Institute 
of Technology here. " An acid is an acid once it gets 
into the ecosystem. It doesn't matter whether it's 
through raindrops or aerosols or gas." 

Liljestrand, now at California State University at 
Los Angeles, said two years of research indicate, 
"The concentrations of falling acid are very 
comparable with a number of areas on the East 
Coast." 

BODW 6 §OLE 
We carry running and tennla IhoeI IFf: 

Nike, AdidaS. Brooks. TIger. New Balance 
Sweany, Etonlc. Lotto. Tretom. Treod-2. 

Co~. Asohl. and PatriCk. 

La Jolta 
7703 Fay Ave 
A5<\· 'S35 

Pacific 8eac:h 
"60 Gornet 

27().Q66B 

~::9~~'1UUl.t.l---LA "()LLA 

Custom 
T-Shirts 

10% Student 
Discount 

We tum your photo or artwork 
into T-shirts 

We also carry a large selection of 
casual wear for all sizes 

1030 Torrey Pines Road at Herschel 
____ - 459-8006 ____ III 

SlUDINT SPECIAL __ _ 
$5 01 on"""""" "' ...... ad 
_____ '.0 .. __ 

F.,....,~ 
1:" .. .1 "lfk Ilu . ,"hi'"'" ItUul "'I I\\..",~.,. , I~" 

RETAIl CENiER FOR !HE 
eESI IN HAIR '" SI<JN CAllE PIlOO\,CT5. 

open 7 ClOyS by oppo;nlmen' ontv 
- - .459-0112---

1250 Ptosoec1, La Jolla 
(in McKellar Ptoza) 

womancare 

a feminist 
women's 

health center 

- Self-help 
- Well woman 
- Pregnancy 

screening 
- abortion 

up to 16 weeks 
- birth control 
_ childbirth 

3686 4th Avenue 
San Diego, CA 

92103 
or call: 298.,352 



4 Tbe Datl,. 01lU'diaa 

Visa Checks Readied 
Conrinued (rom paflt! 1 
getting I ranianll almost 
immediately. Some of those 
that came in were placed on 
'Immigration holdover,' 
pendins tr8l1lportation (i.e .• 
deportation). MOlt of those get 
released," Auistant District 
Director for Deportation Cliff 
Roberta said. 

They then get a hearing 
before a final deportation 
order. 

The International Center 
hat noted that problem, and 
hall lent !etten to all UCSD 
Iranians uking them to report 
Nov. 30, when Phyllis Clark. 
International Center Director. 
will act u counsel for the 
Iludents with the Immigration 
and Naturalization Service. . 

The Center ill holdi to its 
estimate that no lCSD 
Iludenbl wiD be deported, but 
Amin believea at least 20 of 
the 52 students here have visa 

problems of one sort or 
another. 

Their problems, he says, 
are not enough to cause their 
deportation. but might be 
enought to have the INS hold 
them for a day or two. 

The Nov. 30 weekend is 
just ~or to finals, Amin notes. 

"ThOle detained will 
probably Runk their finals," he 
lIlyS, a problem the Center 
IIlYS it can't do much about. 

Students from other San 
Diego colleges are preparing 
their calieS. 

United States International 
University students have gone 
through immigration checks 
yesterday and today, and 
report few problems or 
potential deportations. 

San Diego State University 
also expects few problems 
when its students must meet 
with the INS Dec. 3 and 4. 

Bekken Complains 
Coolinui!d f,om f>alle 2 
commiuioner of student 
aftair., when in reality it'a 
student welfare, to stating that 
Coors is a military 
organization, which it most 
certainly is not. Repressive, 
yes. Unfair to its workeu, yes. 
A company that engages in 
vicious union busting, yes. 

Military. no. 
I would appreciate it if in the 

future when interviewed I 
could be quoted accurately 
and when my lerterli are 
printed, they could be printed 
as I wrote them. 

JON BEKKEN 
Commissioner of Student 

Welfare 

LA JOLLA SURF & SPORT 
crlM~~ MI¥~~ 

Featwring: 
O'NeiU & Rip Curl wetsuits, 

Quiksilwr, a.p., Offshore, Stwbbies, & Pwa sportswear, plus 
Surfboards, Wax, Leashes, Fins, T-smrts-

Women's and Boys' wear, roo!!! 

1/3 off and more on all men's, women's and boys' sportswear 
20% off and more on all wetsuits 

SALE ENDS NOVEMBER 26-r:H 

WednelMlay. November 21.1979 

1M Czar Hits One 
Eats It On Others 

By Barbara Haa. 
Staff Writer 

Sunday's three·on· three intramural baaketball playoffs 
resulted in a AAA champion and five unplayed games in the 
other leagues. 4 score proved true to 1M Czar Mike Hipp's 
predictions and swept Triple A league play; but in Hipp's own 
words, he had . to "eat a Guardian sandwich" regarding the 
other speculations. 

The 1M basketball authority picked Three Ronin to claim the 
AA Under .500 championship. They wet:e wiped out in the first 
round, and the final game is now between 69 and the Ozone 
Rangers. Both teams have done well, and the final result of the 
championship game to be played sometime next week is a toss 
up. 

Oriental fetishes, a pre·game favorite, lost a close one to a 
tough Hooterville Express in the AA over .500 league. The 
Net Wits blasted the Guy Hookers to increase their reco-rd to 
19·0. They have to beat TWAin order to go to the finaltl 
againlit the Express. This might prove difficult, as TWA barely 
came out on top of a semi·final scrimmage against Two Jerks 
and a Squirt with an overtime score of 17 · 15. 

In Single A competition, Sons of Sam and the Champagne 
Kids will battle for the crown. The Kidli are st.ill expected to 
light all the way from the loser's bracket and defeat the Sons 
twice in order to claim the title . 

ZOOM 2000 HAIR STUDIO 
.-----________ offersa ____________ ~ 

J 

HOLIDAY SPECIAL 
$65 perms now only $30! 

----- (long hair exmi) --------.... 
Includes consultation. CUl, deep conditioning 

and sty ling . 

All perms 100% guaranteed if our professional 
hair care program is continued at home. 

Student to Required 
7419 La Jolla BI vd (1 blk south of Pearl) 

must call for appointment 

Calculator $ALE 
15% off suggested retail price of all 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
Calculators 

There's one for your every need: 
TI'55 

Advanced slide rule calculator 
with programmability $34.00 

TI'504° 
Desk calculator with easy,to,read 
display and printed tape. $94.00 

TI's Learning Center 
Exciting electronic spelling & 
math aids for youngsters 6 & up: 

Little Professor $ I 2.75 
DATAMAN $18.70 
Speak & Spell $55.25 

*plus additional unadvertised specials* 

TI'1750 ' 
Pocket portable electronic 
calculator with memory--
OUR PRICE $18.60 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

Wedne8Clay. November 21. 1979 The a.o, a_a· . . 5 

Commentary The Daily Gual'dian 

Saturday Night Live Went Too Far \Arts\ 
By Ted Burke 

Art. Editor 
fishing with a skit that rubbed me 
completely the wrong way. Sad to 
admit, but its the first time the show has 
managed to offend me . 

The offending skit was a parody of 
those made·for· TV movies that 
portray a middle·class woman piecing 
together her lile after undergoing a 
traumatic experience. Titled " first He 

The hObt introduces his large· chested 
and small·brained daughter . Within 
seconds, the husband has left with 
Bambi to the nearest Ramada Inn. The 
wife takes the situation stoically. At 
this point I turned off the TV sel. 

I've talked to other people since that 
night who defended the subject of the 
skit by maintaining that what SNL was 

It's no secret that NBC's Saturday 
Night Lloe has been going steadily 
downhill for the last two years, and that 
the common feeling among faithful 
viewers who watch the show each week 
is !>Omething akin to being a witness to 
a very bad, ",ery bloody three· car 
smash up. You want to do something 
about the situation, but there is nothing 
you can do to help. Saturday Night 
Lioe began as the kind of thing that 
television humor needed , the long. 
desired respite from sit·coms that 
portray the' father as the all· American 
sap, or variety shows hosted by show 
biz dispensables like Sonny and Cher 
or Tony Orlando who's comedy 
offerings made the low· brow Burlesque 
sound tike the refined wit of Moliere or 
Wilde. SNL at the start was 
innovative, not afraid to tackle 
topicality , and was, on occasions, 
capable of routines that had sparks of 
unqualified brilliance. 

"I maintain that cancer and 
any operation resulting from 
it are not funny. " 

Like all good things, however, SNL 
couldn't last forever, and as though in a 
demonstration of self.fulfilling 
prophecy, the show has sunk to a 
consistently dismal level. The writing 
became uniformly lame .. as though the 
writers thought ideas would get them 
through a dearth of genuine wit .. bad 
taste became the .show's hallmark, and 
the cheapshot became the easiest way 
for the writers and the Not·Ready·for· 
Prime-Time Players to get through 
90 minutes of airtime. Like anyone 
else, I watched this show weekly 
hoping for the too· infrequent glimmer 
of inspiration, and I've put up with their 
arrogant assholisms for a long time. 
Last week, though, the show surpassed 
its current litandards of !ow.blow yock 

Cries", the routine told the story of a 
woman who's undergone a 
mastectomy. But rather than satirizing 
the particulars of the woman's 
situation, the SNL writing staff sought 
to redeem this odious conception by 
pulling the old switcheroo: the 
supposed plot focus fall s on the 
husband and how he must face the 
agonizing reality of going through life 
with a wife who's "half·a·woman." 

As you could more or less expect , 
the skit rapidly settles into jokes about 
the American male obsession with 
breasts .. a subject, I admit, that could 
use some lampooning.·but the cast's 
execution wa~ heartless , cold , and 
unbeliellably insensitive. At one point, 
the couple attend their first party since 
the operation , and their friends are 
warned before they arrive to mind what 
they say and how they say it because 
the husband is having "a hard time of 
it." The situation, predictably, is 
awkward. A friend asks the husband if 
he'd like to watch a football game on 
the "boob tube". Awkward silence. 

Associated Students 
University of Cali fornia. San Diego 
Student Center. 8-023 
La Jolla. California 92093 

satirizing wasn't cancer or 
mastectomies but rather the usual tripe 
TV movies offer and the American 
obsession with large mammaries. I will 
concede that those two topics are open 
to creative lampooning. In my 
estimation, TV movies manage in 
most cases to trivialize and romanticize 
many topics that require an 
examination free of this country's need 
to keep a safe distance from 

trouble~ome things. 
But in the case of this skit, I maintain 

that cancer and any operation resulting 
from it are not funny, in and of 
themselves . The idea of having the skit 
revolve around a mastectomy, no 
doubt considered by the writers to be a 
stroke of geniu~, was an example of 
supreme assholism, a move that 
expressed an implicit contempt on the 
part of the show's writers and plffyers 
for what they consider the paltry 
concerns of Middle·America. Though 
the players might defend their skit with 
the explanation that their conception 
indicated a way in which something as 

sensitive as cancer and disfiguring 
corrective surgery might be reduced to 
pulp·pablum if it were treated by the 
conventions of popular entertainment, 
the routine nonetheless amply 
demonstrates what has bothered me 
about the show. In plain fact, 
mastectomies are something that real 
people who live real lives have to deal 
with, something that wornen and their 
families have to adjust to, re·arrange 
their lives around, and then continue 
with their lives. Plainly, it is a decision 
concerning life or death. It is the kind of 
agony that requires no small amount of 
bravery. And that, I think, iii exactly 
what I'm trying to get at. The other 
targets for satire and parody that SNL 
frequently slags .. mediocre lounge 
singers, show·biz hypes, political 
buffoons, inane talk shows, 
conspicuous con~umption .. are fair 
game because making fun of these 
things involve a larger critique of 
what's ugly about our society. In any of 
the examples stated above, we 
collectively allow ourselves to be 
victimized by received perception~ and 
mass·mediated self.image, and any 
good satirists' goal should be to rub our 
nose~ in our own bad habits. And 
perhaps, once exposed to our own 
petty vices , we'll recognize the 
~ituation and do something about it. 
Satire is concerned with expolling a 
culture's unwillingness to exercise the 
common·sense principle and desist 
with doing things thai are patently 
dumb. 

Cancer, and any operation one 
might have as a result of it, is not the 
same thing as being cajoled by a clever 
commercial to buy acne cream. 
Cancer is not a phenomenon that 

Pkasl! lurn 10 (>olle 7 

SCURI announces GRANTWRITING WORKSHOPS for Winter Quarter Student 
Research Grants-Monday, November 26 at 7 pm in the Gameroom Conference Room. 

Attendance is mandatory to apply for a SCURl SRG. 

D.A.R.K. S. T.A.R. is the on campus science fiction club. We meet regularly on Thursday 
ewnings at 7 pm in the Revelle Informal Lounge; topics under discussion include cuTTent books 
and mmries. For more information, call 453'4688 or tum up at a meeting. All are welcome. 

All sNdent organitations registered with the AS (note: NOT college~affiliated groups) are 
eliKible to use this space for notices about their meetings, plans, and whatnot. Submissions must 
be TIPED on a reMonabl"sited sheet of paper (we seem to be having a little trouble with this 
paTtiallar r~irement), and turned in to the Daily Guardian officeS ea% 3 tn!l of the Monda, 
before the notice is to appear. Continuing notices must be submitted week they are to TUn. 



8 Weclneaday, November 21, 1979 

Hall and .Oates Overdue for Recognition 
X-Static, Appearance 
Show They Deserve It 
Timothy Mackenzie 
Contributina Editor 

Since they busted out of 
Philadelphia as the wonder 
kids 01 blue-eyed IOUI in the 
early 70s, Daryl Hall and 
John Oates have seen their 
careers progresl on a steady, 
almost formularized regimen. 
They aeemed to tum out the 
soulful pop tunes effortlessly, 
culminating with a series of hit 
sillfClea such a s "Sara Smile," 
"She's Gone" and "Rich Girl." 
They toured with excellent 
'?8nds to support their record 
sales. Hall and Oates did 
everything a good band is 
suppoaed to do to get a grip on 
stardom. 

With the releaae of a new 
LP (X-Static ) and a recent 
tour stop here in San Diego, 
Hall and Oatel reaffirmed 

themlielves aa one of the more 
compelling and dynamic 
forces in pop music today. The 
trouble for them, though, is 
lIiat their popularity , or more 
specifically their sale of 
records, has waned. 

It ill frustrating for them , to 
be sure . The traditional 
slough ·off statement from 
Hollywood is " that 's 
showbiz." Not a comforting 
thought, really , but in the 
heller-skeller entertainment 
indulltry it is still among the 
more accepted anecdotes for 
an implau sible lack of 
commercial succe ss . It 's 
almost a catch-22 situation, 
for the music Hall and Oates 
have been recording has most 
definitely been getting better 
and better. . 

Oh, for a hit single, the 

Silent China Speaks 
Novelist Xiao Qion and poet Bi Shuowang from the People's 

Republic of China will be Regents' lecturers from Nov. 26 to 30. 
~ w~ters will give two public lecture& durins their visit to the 
uruverslty. 

The first lecture, to be given by Xiao Qian and entitled "The 
New Dawn on the Chinese Literature Scene," will begin at 7:30 
pm Monday, Nov. 26, in the International Center. The lecture is 
IpOnlOred by the UCSO Department of Literature, the friends 
of the International Center and the Chinese Studies Program. A 
reception will follow the lecture. 

"foreign Literalure in China" is the topic of the second lecture 
to _be given by Bi Shuowang. It il scheduled to begin at 4 pm 
Wednesday, Nov. 28, in HSS 1128. 

Xiao Qian, a member of the editorial board of the People's 
Literature Press in Beijing, ill the author of lleveral novels and 
essays, including a number of books which have been translated 
into Engliab and ~th~r'1anguages . He studied with Edgar Snow 
an~ he~ped compile and t~a~llate Snow's book, "Living China ," 
whIch anclude!! one of XJao s stories. 

Bi Shuowang iii director of the Liaison Board with foreign 
Nati~s of the AII·China Writer's Associ a tion. He regularly 
contnbutes to many Chinese literary magazines and he has 
tranllated a number of English non·fiction books in to Chinese. 

The writers are on a tour of the United States which marks the 
first literary cultural exchange visit between the U.S. and the 
People 's Republic of China in more than 30 years. 

JRs S'oaurl Jll/air 

~ 
creations 

25~ off 
any purchase 

of $1.00 or more 
expircs ~6 NOO<.>mber, 1979 

1030 Torrey Pine. Road 
at Herschel 

La Jolla 
one per customer 

magic cure·a11 elixir for a 
musician. Daryl Hall a lluded 
to that fact at the recent Roxy 
Theater show, which on 

. almost all cards was a 
knockout. Drummer Roger 
Pope and lead guitarist Caleb 
Quaye , ex·E1ton John Band 
members , are now ex· Hall and 

Oates band members as well. 
Replacing them were steady 
Jerry Marrota on drums a nd 
G.E. Smith , one of the most 
frenetic and exciting lead 
guitarists to come on the scene 
in a long time. Combined with 
lanky Halls vocals and the 
rhythms aet down by the 

street-tough looking Oates, 
the set was a blockbuster. 
Especially scintillating were ' 
"Do What You Want To Do" 
and "Don 't Blame 1t On 
Love," featured early in the set 
and both with searing, 
quicksilver guitar leads by 

Please lurn 10 page 7 

SONOR, UCSD'I contemporary mu.ic: enaemble. 

Around Town 
Two interesting concerts are .coming up as 

part of the Wednesday Nights at the 
Mandeville series. 

SONOR, UCSO's contemporary music 
ensemble, directed by Bernard Rands, will 
prelent a program of new music Wednesday, 
April 23. 

" At UCSD , there is a chamber ensemble of 
faculty members called SONOR whoae 
performers Ulle 'normal' instrumentl with such 
skill that no, abstruae performance seems 
beyond their grasps" one critic has written. 
Since . their founding in 1976, the group has 
establtshed an enthusiastic following for music 
of our time . 

On Wednesday, April 2 , The New York ' 
String Quartet will perform. The Quartet has 
earn~ its reputation for performing a nd 
recordmg standard string quartet repitoire as 

"May well be a masterpiece" 
-Vincent Canby, New York Times 

EXCLUSIVE 
SAN DIEGO ENGAGEMENT! 

rurl~ THE TREE Of 
WOODEN CLOGS 

well as new works with a unit tha t reveals the 
same heartbea t and eyesight. The Qua rtet is in 
residence at UC Irvine for the second year . 
Their program will include quartets by Webern 
and Beethoven. 

. Tickets for the concerts a re $4 .50 for 
general admission , $2.50 for senior citizens, 
and $1 .50 for students. 80th concert~ begin at 
8 pm in the Mandeville Auditorium. Dial 452-
3229 for more information . 

The Decoro/iDe Impulse , featuring the works 
of severa l a rtists, continues through Dec. 9 in 
the Mandeville Gallery. Included in the show 
a re frank Stella, Cynthia Ca rlson, Barba ra 
Zucker, Lucas Samaras, and several others of 
note. Gallery hours a re 12 pm to 5 pm , Sunday 
through friday . There is no admission charge. 

Please lurn 10 pURe 7 ' 

VISit The 

"HAIR 
FACTORY" 

Mo/1 -Fri at 8:00 
Sat-Sun al 1:10, 4:35, 8;00 

THE NEW FINE AHTS 
nil l·~~'.·:·J 

UJA\©&®Ee ' lafU1WI ~(~\n ~ Il [~@ Mon-Fri at 7:00, 9:00 t;.l~~ u-~Uau.~~ Sat-SUn 3:00, 5:00, 7:0'1. 9:00 
(fXJ~ 01 f4 $eaUun) : ~~ 

459-2400 
By ~ppt . 

DIRECTED BY ~. • sickest movie T JOHN WATERS .. ; ... ~ ever made: 
H incclot"-~~ .1".-1nteMew 
I ~~IQ • 1 AN EXERCISE 1~11!J!!lf 
E LISTEN TO KPRI FM 106 Ir.!'ft'!"~"'~':==:;: YEAH! TENAYA! K FOR FREE PASSES 

Wedneaday, November 21, 1979 

Classifieds 
fOR SAlE 
75 SAAB 99LE, 3·door wagon back, 
white. stereo -cassette player, . 
Michel in radials , luel injeclion . 
standard trans .. excellent condillon. 
MOVing 10 Europe must sell. $2400 or 
besl oller. Even ings 481 -52 98 , 
Serena. (11 /2 1) 
ABORTIONISTS HIRED TO KILL 
WITH YOUR REG FEES ? ANGRY? 

OBJ~CT? JOIN THE RESISTORS! 
HOW? 454- t 962 (t 1/30) 
Hall lare coupons United Airlines 
$35.00 Phone 277 -0528 evenings 
only . (1 t /2 1) 

35mm camera lor sale. Mlnolla SRT 
201 t 55 mm lens $150. 70-210 mm 
zoom lens $150. All like newl 455-
7158. (11/21) 

'74 Capro good cond 2 spd. AMFM 8 
track $1500 new tlres

' 
Dave at 452-

7093 or 452-0432. (11/22) 
4 piece dinette set brand new. Great 
lor student's apls. $175 or besl olfer. 
Dave 452-7093 or 452 -0432. (11 /22) 
1978 Toyota Celica ST. Immaculate 
condition. Air, AM/ FM. 5-speed. Low 
miles $6100 942-0752. (11/21) 

Two United Airlines y, fare coupons 
$25 each, Don 225-239t or 273-2028 
(eves). (11/21) 

Capri '73 V6 2600 sunroof AM·FM 
casso $2200 Lynn 253-1262. (11120) 
'72 Landcruiser phenominal condo 
new eng. brakes body & pain!. Many 
modifications. Stereo CB. Call 481-
9529. (11/29) 
Two American Airlines Discount 
Coupons $45 each Call Peter a1453-
8417. Keep trying till midnoght. (11 .21) 

Three (3) Grealful Dead tickels. Sat . 
Call Thuls nite or Fr i. Tom 453-9236. 
(11/21) 

Carnegie A-440 now olfers a haplty 
hour special to UCSD students, 
faculty and stalf - from 4;30 to 7:00 
pm Mon-Fro , a 60 oz. pitcher of coke or 
beer and 12" cheese pizza cOS1S you 
only $5951 (reg. $8.25 value). (1 1/ 22) 

housiNG 
I need a room to rent In Del Mar 
beginning winter quarler . prelerably 
master with bath. Jane, 271-0356. 
(11/30) 

FEMALE ROOMMATE LA COSTA 
CONDO OWN ROOM PATIO VIEW 
JACUZZI $150 942-1257 ( 11 / 30) 

Available In December room for male 
to share 4-bedroom counlry liVing 20 
mlns Irom campus, ~ mile Irom beach. 
$175 / mo. Oceanside. 722· 7939. 
(11/30) 
Mammoth Chalet fOI Rent - 4 
bedroom . 2 bath , sleeps 10, 
completely furn ished, all wood, big 
fireplace, 3 blocks from lift 7 & 8. 
Available lor weekend, weekly or 
monlhly rental. Rates for Weekend , 
$100/nighl . weekly $85 / night. ' 
monthly $65 / night. 50% non-
refundable deposil to reserve. Plan 
now lor Mammoth. Call Doug (714) 
540-5222 or (714) 770-0571 . (11 ~27 ) 

Roommate Jan. 5 own bedroom In a 3 
bedrbom 1!6 bath . Near UCSD $141 
mo. plus utilities non-smoker. 453-
4501 . (11/21) 
Roommate needed to share large 
wood-paneled room. Large house 
with pool & garden. Bike distance from 
UCSD, available for Winter & Spring 
quarters. $114. Call anytime 453-
2925. (11/28) 
Need housemale in Del Mar near 
beach. Own room avail immed and 
indel. $148 ph. 481 -1 353 Dean. Dave. 
or Adroan. (11/27) 

Night Knocked 
Conlinued (rom pal/e 5 
someone can walk away from. 
Dealing with cancer is a 
fight" . no one asks for , and 
a fight one can't talk their way 
out of. 

The powers behind 
Saturday Night Live, though, 
chose to ignore thole 
particulars and instead 
decided that the subject would 
be an ideal way to elicit a few 
shock-value snickers. They 
think of themaelves as brave 
guerrilla humorists combating 
what's evil in America, a cadre 
of wits who aren't afraid to yell 
that the Emperor hall no 

clothes, that nothing or no one 
deserves respect, that nearly 
everything the masses 
consider important is full" of 
shit. They are cynical , 
pessimistic , smart-ass , and 
hopelessly irreverant, and 
their audience, en masse, 
likely consider themaelves to 
be of the same mind. 

If a mind like that it; capable 
of dispicable displays like 
"fint He Cries," then I'm 
handing in my membership 
card. I've no stomach for 
company who instinctively 
want to kill everyone. 

The Daily Guardian 

TRAVEl 
CIEE studenl travel center Ipcaled on 
the 2nd 1I00r of the student cenler 
open MWF 8- 12. TuTh 12-4 (11 / 30) 
Ride needed to Bay Area between 
Dec 1 & 9. Will share gas. 
conversation . 459-0966 Leave 
message 

PERSONAls 
Bud Poll eats it.lusl like Eric ate It. We'll 
w in it for .the Glmper. Don't be D.O.A., 
D.O.A. ~lIlhe way . Deepest sympalhy. 
(11121) 
Terezuc - Just Ihought I'd try a novel 
way to Wish you a HAPPY B-DAY. 
Thank you lor helping me survive thiS 
quarter I couldn'l have made it wllhoUI 
you. because you mean soooo much 
to me. Jusl always remember. "Babe, I 
love you 100". Steve (11/2 1) 
ABORTION IS A CRIME THAT KILLS 
not only the child bul the consciences 
of all Involved - Mother Teresa -
(11 / 30) 
SLAVEHOLDERS protested "Don't 
Impose your morals on us" Now 
aborllonisls chanl the same refrain. 
(11/30) 
FREE PREGNANCY TESTING, AND 
COUNSELING MEDICAL AND 
FINANCIAL AID. REFERRALS 24 hrs. 
AT 583· 5433. (11 / 30) 
ANDREA FROM TIOGA HALL 
Remember you called Dial a Stud. Call 
back. Adam 452 -9043. (11 / 2 1) 
Need a date? Here Is a service lor you 
Call a Stud Jon Engelson 452-9043 
(11/21) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
$2.00 OFF YOUR FEES! CalPIRG 
endorsed abortlonl OBJECT? 
DEDUCT $2 HAND in your GREEN 
card. SAVE $2.00 (11130) 

The living Wrol ing Series begins on 
Nov. 26 with Steve Kowil and AI 
Zolynas reading from their work in 
poetry at 4 pm, ScriPPS Collage, 
SDSU. AdmiSSion Free. (11 /26) 

WE NEED EDITORS for Ihe UCSD 
Journal 01 Undergraduate Research 
CallChros. ~ 3917. (11 /2 1) 
ABORTIONISTS hired to kilt With your 
reg fees? Yesl Angry? Oblecl? Join 
lhe resistors

' 
How? 454-1962 ( 11 / 30) 

Carnegie A-440 now olfers a happy 
hour speCial to UCSD sl udenls, 
lacully and stafl - from 4 30 to 7'00 
pm, Man-Fro. a 60 oz. pitcher 01 coke or 
beer and 12" cheese pizza cosls you 
only $5.951 (reg $825 value) (11 / 22\ 

• SERVICES 
Typing· term papers. theses, dlss IBM 
correcllng selectriC Reasonable. Mrs 
Olds 455-0217. ( 11 ~30) 
TYPists: IBM e~per / theses / dlsser / 
term papers/editing. RUSH iobs1453-
0656. 452 -1588. 286-4936.225-1449. 
(6 / 15) 
Carnegie A-440 now offers a happy 
hOur speCial to UCSD students. 
laculty and staff - from 4:30 to 7:00 
pm. Man-Fri. a 60 oz. pitcher 01 coke or 
beer and 12" cheese pizza costs you 
only 55.951 (reg $8.25 value). (1 1/22) 
GRANT WRiTING WORKSHOPS-
Nov. 20 and 26 for SCURI student 
research ·grants. Call SCURI. x 3917. 
(11/21 ) 
WE NEED EDITORS lor Ihe UCSD 
Journal of Undergraduate Research. 
Call Chris, x 3917, (11/21) 
Doi's Home typing all typs fast, 
reliable, reasonable, days and eves 
279-4244. (M / F 11 /30) 
JENNY'S HOME TYPtNG • Term 
papers. Iheses. dISS, days and eves 
225-1449. (11/30) 

7 

WANTEd 
Divorced persons needed for 
psychology sludy here at UCSO. For 
onfo calt Scoll 452·3916, 270-0351 
eve (11/21) 
HOMEWORKERS earn $5000 / hun-
dred securong, Sluffing envelopes, 
Free Details. Reply . L 14W, Box 94485 
Schaumberg. II 60194 . (11/21) 

Ride to Hally, Idaho or vlclnlly. 455-
9396 (11121) 

., 
Scorer needed for JV basketbali leam 
Please contact Bill Flatley or Karen at 
452 -4211 ( t1l2 1) 

los, • fOUNd 
FOUND: One set of keys Friday 11 / 16 
wllh leather 1001 on key ring. 455-
6962. (11 /29) 
LOST; Male grey and white cat WIth 
red and green coltar in Del Mar. Please 
call 755-3660. REWARD. (11/21) 
LOST calculator: HP 25-C. Reward. 
Call 755-5564. Great sentimental 
value 10 Revelle Nurd. ( 11 /27) 
LOST: Skateboard - ACS 500's 
/Powerpaws. Old but loved Please 
return · I need it & miss il. Tom 277-
4458. (11 / 2 1) 

Found - purse near Revelle Plaza and 
HL Come to Discovery 355 and 
identify. (1 1/2 1) 
Lost: Textbook American Consl~u ­
tiona I Law by ShapirO in HSS 1330 
Oct. 30. Reward call Zephyr 755-
6353. (11/21) 
Found: watCh. rean Revelle plaza . last 
week. Call and idenufy. Ask for Jeff. 
455-9507. (11/21) 

Hall and Oates Need Attention 
Coni inued (rum pol/e 6 
G.E. Smith. 

If there was any problem 
with the show, it might have 
been in the pacing. The 
audience barely had time to 
settle into their aeats, only to 
be lifted right off of them again 
in appreciation of th~ firat few 
numbert;. Hall and Oates did 
the hit singles, of courae, but 
they seemed to pale in 
comparison to the material off . 
of the most recent LP'lj On The 
Red Ledge and X-Static. Just 
as Elvis tired 01 "Blue Suede 

... 

Shoes," Hall and Oates 
looked tired from night after 
night of "Rich Girl" and 
uSara.H 

I'm sure Hall and Oatea 
both sleep at night dreamin!( of 
their new single "Wait for 
,Me" climbing the charts with a 
paJliion: gold plated discs as 
sugarplums. I hope they don't 
resart to "forcing their shots" 
by attempting to formularize a 
killer hit single, but then I don 't 
know just how hungry these 
guys really a re. Hall and 
Oates said " Everybody's high 

IL,£ltll1~\ IftULILllltS 
The Follies ° Burlesque ° Vaudeville ° 

Night Clubs ° Broadw~y ° Circus 
"It's terrific . A hit. BOFFO . RAZZLE DAZZLING 
entertainment. A triumph for Don Wortman , 
San Diego·s Mr. Broadway .. · 

-Greg Dumas, Channel 10 
" ... it works splendidly ... charismatic 
performers . .. " 

-Welton Jones, San Diego Union 

STUDENTS 1 12 PRICE ~c 
$4 7sReg. • 9.50 $4 00 Sunday Matinee • Reg. 8.00 

°Tuel.-Thure . • Sun., ."e. on apac:e ... ".bIe belle. 
Muel "'_ AS8 cerd. 

Reservations 8. Information 235-6535 
Valet Parking 

Box Office Open 10:00 a.m .-9:00 p.m. 
Master Charge- BofA- Visa- AE 

Lyceum Thualer. 314 F. SI., San Diego. CA 92101 

on consolation" a few years 
back; I, for one, hope they 
won't join that crowd. 

Around Town 
C"nlinu.:d (rom PCl Il.: 6 

The latest issues of Crowl 
Oul Your Window and 
Burnt Sienna magazinea. 
two community literary 
efforts put out by local write,. 
and artists, are available at 
D.G. Wills Bookstore and 
CoHeeshop, 7527 La Jolla 
Blvd., near Pearl Street. 

~ f ens whats . 
Cj hapJJC1ling! ¢ . .-
Shope Vp---, 
With a Friend 
SPECIAL 
INTRODUcrORY 

OFFER~--------~ 

Tracy, the newest adl/ition to 
our gTowing staff, offers tU!O 
precision style cuts fOT the 
tyrice of one! 
Call today to make an 
appointment for yuuTself and 
a jrieruJ.! 
Huntridge-----, 
Hairstyles 
Located in the 
Summer House Inn 
ill La Jolla hor' 
-just mimdes {rom campus! 
454-0785,----' 



8 The Dail, OUU'diaD Wedneed." November 21,19'79 

Rent Initiative Confuses · 
Contin .. d from pate I 
firm. 1hey say they now pay 30 cents a siJnature. 
When aaked what should be said to the people to get them to sign 
the petition, she gave a card and said to tell them what walli 
writlen by the Attorney GeneraJ. 

"Rent Control. Declares rent control to be matler of local 
goverrunent concern. Provide!; that rent control shall be imposed 
only by vote of the people through enactment of local 
ordinances. Prohibits state·enacted rent control. Permits annual 
rent increases based on consumer price index and additional 
increaaes based on other specified factors. Rent requires that 
rent control ordinances establish a commission to resolve 
grievances involving rent increases. Exempts specified types of 
rentaJ units from rent contrQI. Prohibits landlord retaliation for 
exerciae of tenant's tights." 

Proponents of the Californians group, like San Diego City 
Councilman Fred Schnaubelt (also a realtor) said if the 
conliUlller price index rose by an a verage of 16 percent last year, 
for example, on an apartment renting for $250.00 per month a 
landlord could legally increa!;e the rent $40.00 if this initiative 
passes. 

Furthermore, the initiative prohibit .. any state·owned rent 
control, placing sole power for rent control in the hands of local 
voters. Sut written into section "i" of the initiative i!; a clause that 
ulea that any local rent control ordinance already in effect, 
auch aa in San F ranciaco, San JOIe and Loa Angeles, will no 
Ionaer be in eHect should voters approve this initiative. 

Cities would fonn commissions to "resolve grievances which 
would result from rent increases in excess of the consumer price 
inde .. x. 

"The Coalition For Fair Rent proJ)Oaes similar commission!; or 

"iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 954 Turquoise P.B. 270-33 12 270-3313 I;;;;;;;;iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 

HOUDAY SPECIAlS 
Women's Haircuts 

$12 
Men's Haircuts 

$8 
longer hair extra 

includes condition, cut & style 

WE SPECIALIZE IN PERMS 

$25 and up 
includes condition, cut & styling 

featuring: 
soft, natural-looking perms, done by 

Pattie King, formerly of Command Performance 

----OPEN WEEKNIGHTS----
Monday-Friday 9 am-8 pm Saturday 9 am-S pm 

We use KMS Products 
Mastercharge and VISA accepted 

"local boards" to oversee complaints by tenanhl on a case·by. 
case baa;is. This initiative, however, does not give a concrete 
figure on how much increase is allowed nor what is considered a 
fair return of profit to the landlord. Kozden said other cities with 

'~moderate" rent control consider a seven percent net profit as a 
fair return. 

The Coalition for Fair Rent is presently fighting the City of 
San Diego in court to count petition signatures which John Witt, 
City Attorney, has refused to recognize. 

As a backup tactic the Coalition is planning to rewrite the 
present "tenant" initiative and reseek signatures on their 
petitions so that it will appear on the general election ballot in 
either June or November 1980. 

"Our first strategy should be to defeat the landlord initiative 
and then turn the gas on under passing our initiative" said Gyg 
Veach, legal advisor for the Coalition . 

Jones said he is also doing his part in defeating the 
Californians For fair Rent initiative by talking to people who are 
pushing the petitions and people who are signing them. 

"I taJked to one guy," said Jones, "who was circulating the 
petition and when I told him what it was really about he was so 
angry he threw away the petition and walked away from the 
situation." 

Veach said the realtors have really confused the issue and 
they know they are doing it. 

"Anyone can recall their signature by contacting the Coalition 
or the Registrar of Voters," said Veach. "We are mailing these 
declarations to the Secretary of State, the Attorney GeneraJ and 
the District Attorney in hopes that they will file misrepresentation 
charges against the Californians For Fair Rent." 

nRED OF LOOKING FOR A JOB 
FOR EACH SCHOOL VACATION? 

WE MAY BE ABLE TO HELPI 
DISNEYlAND Is looking for 

enthusiastic, vibrant, capable people 
for CONTINUING SEASONAL WORK. 
Our Immediate needs are for the 

Thanksgiving and Christmas Holidays. 
FOR MORE4NFORMATION CONTACT YOUR 
COllEGE PlACEMENT OFFICE OR APPlY IN 

PERSON AT THE 
DISNEYlAND CASTING OFFICE. 

•. 1lJ~ntglQnd: 
1313 HARBOR BLVD., ANAHEIM, CA 92803 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

The A.uociated ShUient.s, Vni\.'e7'sil1 Events, and the SNdenc Center Board 
cheerjull'J co-sponsor: . 

JERRY 
RIOPEI,IiE 

·and the ' 
DOUBLE SHUFFI.E BAND 
~------------------at Walk's Place 

Frida, Nowmbt:r 30, and ,Satv,.da, December 1 
Showtimes: 8:00 and 10:30 pm 
Tidceu: UCSD St14dents $1.,.0, General Admission $3.00, 

awliklble at the Box Djfja beginning Tuada" Nowmber 27 

Continued (Tom page 1 
AdvilliOry Committee Ch~ir, 
commented, "$10001 ... 
unrealistic coverage i ' · · 

while Reg Fee CommlUee 
Chair Liz Riley said ill 
reference to the $1000 
proposed by Strebel that 
"some women might pay 
$250 to enroll here and get 
their pregnancy paid for by the 
university. " 

Although Strebel claimed 
that $100 was picked because 
San Diego abortions cost 
$100, Riley said, " It was for 
purely fiscal reasons. It's 
cheap." Several committee 
members agreed that reg fee 
should only provide a "token 
coverage." 

Reg fee committee 
members were undecided 
about the increase's effect, if 
any, on the lawsuit now 
pending against the university. 
The university is being sued by 
anti·abortionists who dislike 
paying for abortions with their 
reg fees. 

EXPERIENCED 
WORD 

PROCESSOR 

Available to type 
and typeset your 

dis ertaion/ thesis . 

Save $$$ on your 
typesetting-

[ ~9~e~~97;J " 
ask for Audrey 

Writers, 
English-journalism 
Majors, or anyone with 
creative writing ablllty-

f 

A San Diego publication 
is looking for writers who 
ore innovative and 
clever. Flexible schedule . 

Send name, address. 
and phone to: 
NatIonal Pen Corp 
9395 Cabot Dr. 
Son Diego, CA 92126 
Attn: Dept 220 


