
The Dail Guardian 
V~lume 38, Number 45 Univenity of Califomia, San Diego Monday, November 26, ~ 979 

Rhetoric Flies at Tense Iran Rally 
-Both Sides Angry, But No Violence 

By Jeff Beresford-Howe 
NeWI Editor 

Confused, frustrated and angry rhetoric 
dominated an Iranian informational rally of 
about 300 Wednesday. 

At the Revelle Plaza gathering, students 
shouted incendiary slogans at each other for 
over an hour Wednesday in what observers 
said was the tensest Iranian-US confrontation 
in San Diego. 

Though speeches and slogans got harsher as 
the rally wore on, there was no violence. After 
the raDy, circles of American students did 
surround a few Iranians and debate with them. 

- Rally organizer Stephanie Campbell was the 
first speaker and the first to be heckled. 

"There is scarcely a nation which has not had 
its policies tampered with (by the United 
States)," Campbell said. "We placed the shah 
in power over a popular government. .. " 

"Bullshit!" 
"Go home!" 
"Two weeks ago, we saw a crowd in Beverly 

Hills beating up Iranians ... " 
(Cheers) 
Houshang Qashqai , a United States 

International University Urban Development 
Ph.D. candidate who has studied as an Iranian 
citizen in the US for 16 yea rs, spoke later and 
told the jeering crowd, "It is a shame to see on 
such a great campus the KKK and fascist 
mentaiity ... (Anti-lranian demonstrations) in 
the US "how only one kind of mentality , a racist 
mentality. " 

Qashqai also responded to an "Iranians Go 
Home" sticker hoisted . during his speech: 
"They will go home, but who will go home ~fter 
this? The Jews? The blacks?" 

While many were genuinely interested in 
hearing the speeches, chants of "Iranians go 
home" alternated with "Deport the shah" for 
much of the rally, and one unidentified Iranian 
was pulled back by friends after he began 
screaming at a group of students who were 
chanting "Iranians go home" in the middle of 
Qashqai's speech. . -

There was also an attempt from the dorms to 
drown out the rally with loud music. (See story 
below.) 

The speeches at the rally concentrated on 
two points: US actions in placing the shah on 
the Iranian throne, and demands that he now be 
deported. 

Hamid Nurie, a 19-year-old Iranian 
sophomore from San Diego State University 
told the crowd, "We don't want to kill (the 
shah) ... we're going to put him on trial." 

A Native American Students Association 
speaker said, "You are all guests of my people. 
I have the right to ask all of you to go home, and 
I want the shah to go home." 

_ Qashqai argued that the shah is a criminal 
and should be tried as such. 

"It is a tribute to the American people that 
four administrations had to lie to get their 
policies past the American people .. .for 25 
years the shah destroyed any political freedom 

Please lum 10 page 5 

c ...... ,.,.." ... ".... 
Blake Hall relidenb dnped Anti-Iranian iii'll within view of television cameras at the Iranian 
infonnation rally Weclneaday_ Thil one was removed after a brief lCuffle with an irate Japanese 
student and the subtequent intervention of Revelle Dean Ernie Mort_ 

Doonesbury 
Gary Trucleau'.ltrip will appear in every iuue of TIte Daily GUGrJian (see p. 3). 

c..-.",..,. "' ... "... 

Houshang Qaahqai, a grad student at United States International 
Univenity, denounced the "racist mentality" of anti-Iranian 
demonstrations. He was the second speaker at the rally in Revelle 
Plaza last Wednesday_ 

Anti-Iranian Faction 
Competes for Camera 

By Kathy Huffer 
Alsociate News Editor 

The first sign they hurled over the edge of Blake Hall 's roof 
read, "Nuke Bowl, Japan: 2 , Iran: ?" 

Another sign told students to "Have a Happy Thanksgiving, 
Take an Iranian Hostage," and a third offered the familiar "God 
Bless America." 

And a dozen Blake Hall residents, mostly freshmen and 
sophomores, taunted Iranian students with signs and by blaring 
Blondies's "Just go Away" from the seclusion of the dorm, during 
Wednesday's rally. 

Revelle sophomore Tom Doupe was the only student on the 
roof who professed opposition to the presence of Iranian students 
at UCSD. 

" I can't figure out why they're protel>ting," he commented. 
"Why don't they just go home?". The others said they were not 
"against" the Iranian students at UCSD, despite the signs. 

"It's 8 good way to miss class, something to do during lunch," 
explained Ann Popkins, a first-year Revene student who 
participated in the rooftop counter-demonstration. 

Many of the students did, in fact, ~m more concerned with 
catching the attention of newspaper reporters and television 
cameras at the rally. And; according to Popkins, the signs were 
just an effort at "mouthing off." 

But at least one observer at the rally took the actions more 
seriously. Just after the unveiling of the first "Nuke Bowl" sign, a 
brief scuffle ensued between an irate Japanese student and 
Doupe, who had helped attach the sign in fuH view of the raHying 
students below. 

1he confrontation was cut short by the intervention of Revelle 
Dean Ernie Mort, who patiently told the Blake students that the 

Pkast! /um 10 page 5 



I 

Letter. to the EJitor 

Affirmative Inadeq~acy 
Ecitor: . 

I am proud of SAAC, and .addened. 
Proud of ita concern, of it. lack of apathy. Proud of the 

manner in which it exerciaed ita freedom of .peech Ia.t Monday, 
calmly and re.ponaibly, It'l a thame the chancellor selection 
committee couldn't give SAAC more time. 

And I am aaddened at SAAC'I demand. and the phiiOliOphy 
that lies beneath thoae demand.. I agree with WillOn Riles, 
superintendent of achooi., that the whole idea of affirmative 
action and nwnerical quoIaa . any selection on the ba.ili of race· 
it ablOlutely WI'OI18, no matter how noble the motive. 
DilCrimination i. diacrimination, no matter how high'lounding 
the title. 

UCSD i. not a racist campua. It couldn't be if it tried. Strong 
laws protect minorities who apply for entrance. 

Why, then, aren't there more minority .tudentl here? The 
problem .tarta Joq before college, in a public IChooIlystem that 
hal for too Ioni lieen haphazard and underfinanced and that 
pOorly managea the money it 

~~:Sf~~::I:~ EOP Compares Well With Rest of UC 
income IChooIl by bw;ing Editor: efficiency, it was my conclusion that students on the other hand. Thus, Mr. 
• tucientl, subsidizing black During the year. 1975· 76 through UCSD ranked first among the UC Byrd has consistently over the years tried 
teachers in white IChooia and 1977.78, I had the relponsibility for the campuses. During the 1977·78 year, ~e to influence educational policy at the 
vlce·versa, aa if well· direct .upervision of the Educational extended the study by feeding in the new system.wide level and at the campus level 
integrated, inferior education Opportunity Program. As is the case at numbers for 1977-78. Again, our in a fashion that would allow the 
i. preferable to poorly preaent, Mr. William A. T. Byrd was the comparative rating ~as very high. recruitment and retention of greater 
integrated, inferior e;ducation. director of the program. A1ao, as is the During the 1976·77 and 1977·78 numbers of minority students. 

Yel, the .ystem mUtt be CaR at preaent, I was confronted by any years, university admissions standards I now see that Mr. Byrd is again under 
changed. Education and nwnber of complaints from student underwent revision. Mr. Byrd, as director attack. It would seem that once again he is 
equality have a long way to go organizations and various staff members of EOP, made it quite clear that the effect a convenient scapegoat for a problem that 
in thia country. But artificiall)' on the campul as to the lack of of these new proposed admissions is not confined to UCSD, nor to the UC 
contrived ' racial balance wiD effectiveness of the EOP recruitment standards would be to make a difficult system, but is embedded in the structure 
not change the problem.. effort. task more difficult. That is, there would be of the society itself. In my opinion, it is 

Financial, tutorial and To assess the accuracy of such fewer students available who fit the most improperfor the Student Affirmative 
regiatration policies already complainu, I did a comparative study of specifications of the University of Action Committee or university 
favor minorities. Yea, minority EOP recruitment in terms of numbers of California, given the new admission administrators to demand or advise the 
Rudenta have every reason to studentl aolicited, numbers applying, requirements. resignation of Mr. Byrd due to lack of 
be proud of their heritage. But numbers admitted and numbers attending In conjunction with the ' new more success of the recruitment program. If the 
to give special privileges UCSD by ethnic group as compared with difficult admission requirements at this issue is in fact to increase the number of 
.allle of it . to insist that the all other UC campuaes. The data for the campus, a core course - Math 5 , ' . minority students matriculating and 
EOP staff cannot function study were garnered from the system· designed to help mainstream students of graduating from the university, it would 
fairly unle .. it hal a native wide administration, and I extended the weak mathematical background - was be h 00 vet h e s est u den t san d 
American or an Asian figurea for a aeveral·year period. dropped from the UCSD curriculum. Mr. administrators to study the situation 
American on ill Itaff - i. to In aD meaaure., UCSD ranked among Byrd again objected very strongly to the thoroughly, suggest both methods by 
deny and degrade our shared the most succellful institutions in terms of dropping of this course sequence as which greater numbers of studenu are 
hwnanity. recruitment and attendance of the various making it more difficult to recruit students prepared to deal with the UCSD 

Please rum to page 8 ethnic constituencies. In terms of overall on the one hand and to retain said Please fum 10 page 8 

Protester Learns Human Side of Politfcs 
By John Klock 

When a crowd of ~beral 
activists gathered to demand 
th.t Sen. Hubert Humphrey 
IUpPOrt their issue or explain 
why not, Robert Filner found 
himself on the other side of a 
desk from people he had once 
marched with against racism 
and war. 

John Klock is copy editor of 
The Daily Guardian. 

"It felt funny," he smiled 
afterward. But it was the 
middle of the 1970., and 
F*ter had already adjusted to 
the idea of working for a man 
who had been "the enemy" in 
1968. F'dner was on a one-
semester fellowlhip with 
Hwnphrey, writing speechel 

and dealing with the public. By 
the end of it F'dner came to 
admire the senator immensely, 
and learned some important 
lelsons about po~tics . 

He told the story of how 
Humphrey, rushing for a 
plane that was warming up for 
takeoff, liaw a woman 
struggling with her baggage 
and stopped to carry them for 
her. Filner calls it the human 
side of politics. 

" I think the new politics has 
overlooked the human Side. 
We concentrated on issues 
and sort of forgot about the 
potential of person· to-person 
contact with the public." 

From Humphrey he learned 
some of that potential and 
many ways to exploit it. The 

The Daily Guardian 

£.ric Ja,e 
F.diI ... 

wr ......... Howe 
New. Editor 

KoIhJ""'-
.-.-

....... Jq,do 
Co"" u. ... 

....... H. T" ... 
()pw-. EdiI .. 

• GNb 
Spon. Edoo", 

MotIhowCiodl 
""""'t:dtI<w 
T ......... 
Art • ..-.. 

u....,4c::...... .... 

The Daily Guardian is 
published Monday through 
Friday during the regular 
IChool year by students at the 
University of California , San 
Diego. Offices are located on 
the first floor of the student 
center. Mailing address: 
Student Center (B026" 
UCSD La Jolla, CA., 92093 . 
The Daily Guardian 
subscribes to the Associated 
Pre s, the Los Angeles Times 
Syndicate and Pacific News 
Service. 

' For news, call 452·3466. 

only time the senator yelled at 
him was when he took too long 
to issue a press release on' a 
recent development, and the 
local congressman got credit 
for something Humphrey 
thought should have been his. 
The senator's reputation was 
such that people would come 
to Washington to get help and 
ask for Humphrey before their 
own representatives. The most 
effective communication from 
constituents was not the pros 
and cons on big issues but 
specific req~ests, like a street 
light on the corner. 

F'dner was a professor of 
political lCience at San Diego 
State. I learned about his work 
for Humphrey as a beginning 
reporter for the Daily Aztec, 
and did my fiut feature on 
him. Almost a year later I was 
writing another feature, this 
time about profel5ou at 
SDSU who were involved in 
local po~tics, and I ran across 
him again. 

I had gone to a meeting of 
the Board of Education of the 
San Diego Unified School 
District to talk to board 
member Phil Halfaker, a 
profesaor of education at 
SDSU, and to make sure we 
got a picture of him on .the job. 

I happened to notice Filner 
leaving. I asked about him 
inside and was told Filner had 
come before the board to ask 
about the closing of Hardy 
Elementary School, a move 
being considered for a post· 
Propo.ition 13 budget cut. 
Halfaker was a bit testy when 

he explained that he was sure 
Filner had meant wdl, but 
there had been time for such 
questions and it was now past. 
On a hunch, I later asked 
Filner about it. 

What he had to say 
convinced me to change my 
story, even though it was due 
the next day. Filner, a parent 
'of children at Hardy, said he 
was just conducting a little 
experiment to see how people 
are received who come to the 
board wanting to know more 
about the decisions that affect 
them. Instead of trying to 
explain itseH or at least 
treating him with the courtesy 
due a constituent, the board 
arrogantly dilmisaed him with 
procedures and regulations he 
could not have been expected 
to know. 

" I have this 'idea of a 
politician al IOrneone who it 
trying to report back to the 
pubJic and let them know 
what's going· on," he laid. 
"God knOWI I understand they 
don't have a lot of time. But 
there should at least be an 
effort." 

My article was headlined 
"Insider. and Out.iders." 
Fllner was on to something. In 
fact, he recognized it better 
than I did. He continued hiB 
"experiment" for a year, 
viliting every board meeting 
and reporting back to parents. 

I W8. not Iiurprised when I 
learned Ialt lummer that he 
was challenging incumbent 
Dorothea Edmiaton. The pair 

. got a headline or two in a 

nearly issueless primary 
campaign, and Filner 
managed to force a runoff . For 
the election this November, 
the opponents stopped 
agreeing with each other so 
much. Filner's anger at the 
altitude of the board became 
his number one issue as he 
shifted from knocking on 
doors to meeting with groups 
at coffees and clubs. 

"Every time I brought up 
the arrogant attitude of the 
board, other people who had 
been before the board would 
nod their heads. A lot of 

pe~ple felt the same way," he 
scud. 

Filner didn't talk about the 
time he apent in a Mi .. iuipPi 
jail for his part in a civil rightl 
protest. Except for the board'i 
hand~ng of Proposition 13 
woeli, the traditional 
ideological battlea we call 
issues were not important. His 
organization consisted of ' 
parenti inteteated in IIOIIle 
control over their chadren'l 
education •. 

And in ~ end, he won. 
Barely, but he overcame the 
incumbent'l advantage to do 
it. Perhaps mo.t .urprising, hil 
organization will stay 
together. Filner sayl he wanta 
continued contact with parenti 
and continUed intereat by 
them. 

Filner said long ago that 
politiciana should Itay in louch 
with- their conlitituenlll. Now 
he's starting another 
experiment to alee how well it 
works. 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEWS BRIEFS 

'Visit to Hostages 
OK'd Amid T urlnoil 

TEHRAN - Tens of thousands Iranians shouting anti· 
American slogans marched to the U.S. Embassy here yesterday, 
hours after some of the 49 hostages had their first American 
visitor - Congressman George Hansen, R· ldaho. 

Also yesterday, United Nations Secretary General Kurt 
Waldheim asked yesterday for an "urgent" mee ting of the 
Security Council to discuss the US-Iranian crisis. 

President Carter announced he would support the meeting, a 
reversal of the previous American decision not to participate in 
such a meeting until all hostages had been released. 

In Washington, new ArL·CIO President Lane Kirkland said 
the action of dockworkers refusing to service ships bound for Iran 
was "perfectly normal , spontaneous reaction of workers faced 
with an opportunity to demonstrate how they feel about the 
conduct of Iran and the seizure of Americans as hostages. " 

The International Long~horeman's Association has stopped 
servicing those ships and the Transport Workers Union staged a 
brief boycott of service to Air Iran planes arriving at Kennedy 
Airport in New York . 

The demonstrators marched to the embassy in two wings, one 
organized by Marxist groups to show their displeasure with the 
United States. The other, larger , wing was made up of Moslems, 
supporting Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, who maintain the 
Marxist groups do not support Islamic principle or the students' 
occupation of the embassy since Nov . 4 to demand the return of 
the deposed sha~. 

Hours before the marches, Rep. Hansen, who came to Iran on 
his own and won government permission to visit the embassy, said 
his meeting with the hostages showed "there is something we can 
deal with" and "this was quite a concession as no American has 
been in before to see them." 

ZOOM 2000 HAIR STUDIO 
r------------- offersa --------____ ~ 

HOLIDAY SPECIAL 
$65 perms now only $30! 

.... ----- (long hair extra) --------..1 
Includes consultation. cut. deep conditioning 

and s tyling 

All perms 100% guaranteed if o ur professional 
hair care program is conti nued at home. 

Student 10 Required 

7419 La Jolla Blvd (1 blk south ofpearl) 
must call for appointment 

The Dally Guardian 

DOONESBURY 

Mecca Shrine 
Recaptured 

RIYADH, Saudi Arabia 
- Saudi troops led by 
armored personnel carriers 
routed armed invaders from 
the upper floor of Mecca's 
Grand Mosque in a bloody 
battle that left part of the huge 
shrine in flames, a diplomat 
said yesterday. 

A Saudi official said some 
of the invaders still held 
hostages in the basement . 

A diplomat here said he was 
told by a Saudi official the 
mosque might reopen for 
prayer services Sunday 
afternoon. 

Guerillas Reject 
Cease Fire Idea 

DAR.ES-SALAAM, Tan-
zania - Zimbabwe Rhode-
sian guerrilla leaders Robert 
Mugabe and Joshua Nkomo 
said they will reject Britain's 
ultimatum for a cease-fire 
decision when they return to 
the London peace talks. The 
announcement followed a 
meeting with presidents of the 

WrIterI, 
Engllsh-Joumallsm 
Majors, or anyone 
with creative writing 
abillty-

A San Diego publicarion 
is looking for writers 
who are innovarive and 
dever. Flexible schedule. 

Send name, address. and 
phone to: 
National Pen Corp 
9395 Cabot Drive 
SO, CA 92126 
or call 566-7800 

s 

by Garry Trudeau 

IT IS H'l1NVIPPY 7A5f( 7D 5TlU. ID M/OIII) 

~ BE IU& 1l¥W 7D ft£Ap 1HE IIIIU- OF HR. DIn. MfO IS .. IIH •• PIIE5IJMED DEAf) AT THIS TA't!i . /' fltf)/III THe ()6 - 1m A CEA58)~ ~~. n. 

"frontline" African states. 
Britain told the guerrinas to 

say by today when they return 
to London, whether they will 

, agree to a cease·fire so final 
election arrangements can be 
made for a new, international· 
Iy recognized government in 
Salisbury and an end to the 7-
year-old war. 

Wrong Material 
In Broken Dam 

LOS ANGELES - A 
government study says the 
wrong type of soil was used in 
Idaho's Teton Dam, which 
collapsed in 19"76, killing 14 
people , the Los Angeles 
TImes said yesterday. 

Parts of the dam 
embankment were built of 
"low density, highly 
permeable material" instead of 
denser material to resist the 
pressure of water, the Times 
said it was told by a 
government source, who was 
not identified. 

Kissinger Warns 
Of More Irans 

PHILADELPHIA 
Former Secretary of State 

Henry Kissinger says the 
United States will face other 
crises similar to the one in Iran 
as more Third World nations 
develop. 

Kissinger said such factor: 
as modernization, growin~ 
resentment of U.S. wealth ana 
the presence of political 
radicals in the developing 
world, will combine to giv 
America more problems. 

Asked whether he knew of 
alleged cruelty by the shah's 
regime, Kissinger said: "One 
was generally aware there 
were some political prisoners, 
but I was not aware of 
a troci ties . " 

8 Arrested In 
Parent Takeover 

PHILADELPHIA -
Eight persons were arrested 
earlYJesterday as authorities 
ende a 12.day protest 
occupation of Harrity 
Elementary School by parenti 
demanding the principal be 
replaced. 

The parents had been 
demanding that Harrity 
principal Josef Weinstein be 
replaced. 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
$85 pair or 2 pair $110· 

plus stylish rimless designed sunglasses-
$40 value included free with your contact purchase 

Student Special: 
Helena Rubinsrein or Pierre Cardin 
designer glasses regular $89.95 lisr 

reduced 50% to $49.95 complete! 
~ Medical Dental Center 

9855 Erma Rd. Ste 107 
Dr. Alan H. Levenrhal, O.D. 566~9900 

A I'fl1 l ~ .. Mn •• 1 ul'I"U ... tklo/l 

UCSD UNIVERSITY EVENTS PRESENTS 

November 30, Friday 
7 & 9:30 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

1ft} 
el978 PARAAOUNT PICTURES CORPORATION ~ 

$1.75 
UCSD Box Office 

452-4559 



Sports- Recreation dillCussion of Meher Baba's tife a nd rrlessage . "I am the Ancient. I have come 
not to teach but to awaken. You and I are 
not we but One." ·Meher Baba . Location: MONDAY 3:00 . 5:00 pm - Ukimate Frisbee Oub 

hu practice today, Revelle Field. 
3:00 . 5:00 pn ..:... Lacroue Practice. 

Meet in front of Ca.... Rec: Office. 
4:00 . 5:00 pm - Korean Karate Club 

rMeU in the North Balcooy, Main Gym. 
WelCOll'lea mew memben. 

4:00 . 6:00 pm - Table Tennis rr.eela 
today. Pleaee join III for open play. Starta at 
4 pm in the Rec. Conference Rm., Rec Gym. 

4:00 . 6:00 pn - Gymnalitics Club 
meeta in the South Balcony, Main Gym. 
Open lI}'IIU18atics. 

5:00·· 7:00 pn - Yoga Oub meela 
today in the Adaptive Room, Main Gym. 

6:00 pm - UCSD Men's and Women', 
SID Team meeting. Well be collecting fees 
and dilCUUing the lint race Jan 5 and 6. 
AIm a racing film. HL i 148. . 

6:30 . 8:00 Pm - A.ido Cub Meeting, 
W .... Rrn., Main Gym. 

8:00 pn - Jarae/i Folk Dance Cub 
meeta for clancinl .. ;everyone welcome. Rec: 
Conference Room, Rec: Gym. 
1lJESDAY 

3:00 . 5:00 pm - Ultimate Frisbee Cub 
hu practice today, Revelle field. 
WEDNESDAY 

3:00 . 5:00 pm - UsCroAe Cub Practice 
today. Meet in front of the Campus Rec: 
Office. 

4:00 · 6:00 pm - Table Tenni. Club 
Practice. Open play, at the Rec. Conf. Rm. 

4:00 . 5:00 pm - Korean Karate Club 
rr.eela in the North Balcony, Main Gym. 
New membert welcome. 

4:00 . 6:00 pen - Gymnastic Oub 
Practice. Open workout, So. Balcony, Main 
Gym. 

5:00 . 7:00 pm - Yoga Oub meebl 
today in the Adaptive Room, Main Gym. 

6:30 . 8:00 pm - Aikido Club meela 
tonight in the Wrettling Room, Main Gym. 
THURSDAY 

3:00 . 5:00 pm - Ultimate Frisbee Oub 
haa practice today, Revelle Held. 

4:00 pm - Racquetball Meeting - in 
Rec Conf Rm. Also, every Thursday night is 
Club night at Black Mtn. Racquetball Oub, 
9·11 pm. $2. Meet at Urey Hall Mailbox at 
8:30 pm for carpooling. 

8 :00 . 10:00 pm - Juggling Club meets 
in the Wrestling Rm. Main Gym. 
FRIDAY 

2:00 . 3:00 ' pm - Synchronized 
Swimming Club p;.actice. UCSD pool. 

3:00 . 5:00 pm - Uscrolee Club 
practice, Campus Rec. Office. 

4:00 . 5:00 pm - Korean Karate Oub 
rMela in the North Balcony, Main Gym. 
New members welcome. 

4:00 . 6:00 pm - Gymna.tic, Club, 
South Balcony 

4 :00 . 6:00 pm - Table Tennis Club 
practice, Rec. Conf. Rm. 
SAruRDAY 

11 :00 am -'- Ultimate Friibee Club has 
practice today, Revelle Field. 

SUNDAY 
10:00 . 12 noon - Synchronized 

Swimming aub meet. today at the pool. 
New members welcome. 

7:00 pm - SCRABBLE Playera club 

#76 Game·Se.sion: If you don't have 'any 
exam. Monday, take a study break. We 
play two gamea lalling one hour apiece. 
Students, faculty , and ataff are welcome. 
FormaVlnformal Lounge. 25( donation. 

Relig·ious 
MONDAY 

12:00 noon - "Faith , Science, and the 
Future" evaluation at Coffee Hut with John 
Huber. . 
ruESOAY 

Trident Chriatian Fellowship . Inter 
Vanity a meeting for fellowship and 
teaching. Location: Formal Lounge . 

3:00 pm - LDSSA Old Testament 
d .... Location: LOS Institute , across from 
Muir. 

7:00 pm - "School'of Christian Studies" 
serving the spiritual need. of UCSD 
studenb, by Campus Crusade for Christ. 
Teaching and fellowship every Thesday 
night. You're invited! Location: P&L 1110. 
nlUltSDA Y 

3:00 pm - LDSSA Old Testafrlent 
d .... LOS Institute acrOll from Muir. 
FRIDAY 

3:15 pm - LDSSA Beach Party at 
MiSlion Bay. Meet at LOS Institute acroSl 
from Muir. 
SUNDAY 

10:00 am - Lutheran Communion 
Service on Advent Sunday. 

12 noon - Episcopal Eucharists 
University Lutheran church 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive with Father Young . 

Meetings 

International Center. Free. 

Entertainment 
ALL WEEK 
SUNDA Y THRU THURSDAY 

8 :30 . 11 :00 pm - WHY NOT HERE? 
Revelle's own coffeehouse. Sunday and 
Thursday are V.C.'s nights Tuesday is 
Ba c k gammon Tournament ni g ht 
Wednesday il Uve Entertainment night. We 
offer assorted coffees and teas by Pannikan, 
variou8 fruit juices, bagels with cream 
cheese, and submarine sandwiches. Located 
in Revelle South Dining Hall 
MONDAYTHRUSUNDAY 

9 :00 am · 5:00 pm - A collection if Inuit 
(Canadian Eskimo) art is being shown at 
Scripps Aquarium.Museum . This 
exceptional IOhow from the Smithsonian 
Institution Traveling Exhibition Service 
includes 90 works of contemporary 
sculpture in bone, ivory and stone. 
Sponsored by the Scripps Aquarium 
Aaaociates. Exhibit runs through Dec. 24 . 
No admission. 
WEDNESDAY THROUGH SA TUR-
DAY 

8:00 pm - Under Milkwood a play 
which looks at life in a Welsh.sea town, WBli 
written by Dylan Thomas. It was originaUy 
written ali a radio play and has been adapted 
for the stage by graduate student director 
Tom Humphrey. Location: Mandeville 
Recital Hall. AdmiSlion: $2.00. 

TUESDAY 
6:00 pm - SEE PRE-CONCEPTIONS 

SHA TIERED as .tudents discuss virtues of 
ruf.SDA Y Brown, Carter, Kennedy! Plus plans for 

12:30 pm - Carter Re-election Group activities and ways to meet the candidates .. 
forming! Come and help us form an on· they paiS through. UCSD Democrala and 
campus group to help keep a good man, P M f Wal 
( 'f he d 'ha h ' I) G rogreuives. eetnearreardooro k's even I oesn t ve c ansma. . ym Pub. 
Step!l at 12:30. Co . 

6:00 pm _ UCSD Democralti and . 8:00 pm - ncert Choir con~ert, 
Pr . , C nd ha f . ndl directed by Gerald Gabel. Locahon: 
d. ogr~slVesf' the

ome a and II ve ~Ie r.. MandeviU Aud. No admission. 
ISCUSllOn 0 ISlues non·vlo nt 

argument .. . uh , dilcuuion over the WEDNESDAY 
candidatea. Walk', Pub, Tuesday. 8 :00 pm - Sonor; UCSDContemporary 
WEDNESDAY Music Ensemble, directed by Bernard 

5:00 pm - AASA meeting . We'll be Rands, ~Iays mU8ic of ou.r ~. Location: 
planning nellt quarter's activities, including MandeVille Aud. No admiMIOII. 
Asian Awarenell Week and the New.letter. 11iURSDA Y 
Everyone welcome. Location: Center for the 5:00·7:00 pm - Wine and Cheese Get 
People. Together for faculty and students. A chance 
THURSDA Y for all students to rr.eet and apeak to T. 

7:00 pm _ Surf Club and Tean Meeting. Co~ge faculty informally. Sponsored. by 
lalit meeting of quarter, .how up with Thud College Program ~rd. Location: 
refreshmenta for surf Christmaa party! Center for the People at Third College. Open 
Officers meet at 6 :30 pm; (Geoff, Mike, to all. 
John, Loretta and Chri.). Location: HSS SA1lJRDAY 
2150. 8:00 pm - Chri.tm .. Concert· La Jolla 

7:00 · 9:00 pm - DARK S.T.A.R., Civic/University Chorus directed-oy David 
UCSD'slongers surviving and only Science· Chate will perform at St. Jame. Church, La 
FICtion Oub, will meet again thil Thursday Jolla. AdmiSlion: Gen.: $4.00, Student: 
evening in the Revelle Informal Lounge. $2.00 
We're going to the opening of Star Trek. The SUNDA Y 
Mot,ion Pict~re and making a SF short. If 3:00 pm - Chrialrnas Concert . Us Jolla 
you re at alllOterellted, you are welcome. Civic/University Chorus directed by David 
SUNDA Y aUlae will perform at St. Jamel Church, La 

2:00 ·' 3:00 pm - AVATAR MEHER Jolla . Admillion: Gen.: $4.00, Student: 
BABA information meeting. film, and 52.00. 

Lectures 
MONDAY 

7:30 pm - Renowned novelist from the 
People 's Republic of China , Xiao Qian, will 
speak on "The New Dawn on the Chinese 
Literary Scene". _Loca tion : International 
Center. No admission, reception followll. 

TUESDAY 
12:00 · 1:00 pm - CONTRACEPTIVE 

EDUCA 'fION SESSION : Informal 
discussion; all must attend to receive birth 
control services and men are encouraged to 
attt:nd as well. No appt. necessary , loca~ 
in the conference room at the UCSD Student 
Health Cel]ter. 

5:00 pm - University of California, San 
Diego, School of Medicine Neurosciences 
Department Seminar: Speaker: Dr. J .W.S. 
Pringle, Oxford Univ., England Subject: 
"Recent developments in comparative 
physiology of muscle" Location: Rm. 2100 
8S8. No admiSlion. 
WEDNESDAY 

12:00 . 1:00 noon - CONTRACEP· 
TIVE EDUCATION SESSION: Informal 
discUIIsion; all must attend to receive birth 
control services and men are encouraged to 
attend as well. No appt. necesaary, located 
in the conference room at the UCSD Student 
Health Center. 

4:00 pm - Organic/Inorganic seminar: 
"Excited State Carbonyl formation in the 
'Thermolysis of Dioxetanes". Speaker: Dr. 
William Richardson, Dept. of Chemi8try , 
San Diego State University, San Diego. 
Location: 104 Third College Lecture Hall. 

4:00 pm - Rnowned poet from the 
People's Republic of China, Bi Shuowang , 
will speak on "Foreign Uterature in China". 
Discussion follows presentation . Location : 
1128 HSS. No admission. 

nlURSDAY 
4:00 pm - ~'Do Good Comets Become 

Asteroida When They Die?" Evofution of 
the cometary nuclelll and thoughts on 
Comet Halley's corning appearance AP&M 
2402 at Muir. 

4:00 pm - Cosmochemistry seminar: 
"llOtopic compolition of Uranium in 
Allende Meteorite and ApPlication to 
COlmochronology". Speaker: Dr. T. 
Shimamura, U.S. Geological Survey 
Denver, Colorado. Location: Urey Room, 
Urey Han 2102. 

8:00 pm - On Behalf of millie: Vinko 
Globokar, noted French tromboniat, speak. 
on "'The Mlilician in Europe." Location: 
MandeviDe Aud. No admililion. 

FRIDAY 
12:00 noon - Biochemistry eeminar: 

"Correlation of Structural Domains with 
Function in c·AMP Dependent Protein 
Kinalel." Speaker: Dr. Susan Taylor, Dept. 
01 Chemistry, UCSD. Location: 2100 BSB. 

University of California, San Diego, 
School of Medicine Neurosciencu 

~nt Seminar: Speaker: Dr. Arthur 
Blume, Auociate Member Roche Institute 
of Molecular Biology, Nutley, New Jersey. 
Topic: "Opiate and Muecarinic Receptor 
Regulation of Adenylate Cyclase; 
Involvement or Ions and Nucleotide in 
Receplor.Cycla.e Coupling ." Location : 
Rrn. 2100 BSB. 

Both Sides Make Selves Heard at Rally 
Continued {rom "a!/>! 1 
in Iran . The US placed the Shah in power over a popular 
government. And he must stand trial for abu!;es of that power." 

Several campus administrators, i!lcluding Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Richard Armitage, were at the rally, as were 
plainclothea police officers. 
. Reprelentatives from most San Diego television, newspaper 
and news radio outlets also reported the event. Their presence , 
some of the anti· Iranian protesters admit, helped draw supporters 
to the rally and sparked some anti·lranian activity . 

The rally was sponsored by an ad hoc group calling itself the 
':Anti .Faacist Alliance," led by Stephanie Campbell . 

The alliance got the endorsement of several student affirmative 
action groups, and received permission of Revelle Dean Ernie 
Mort to hold the rally . 

UC'SDhBs a 
DENTAL GROUP 

at the 
Student Health Center 

with 

• EXAMINATIONS 
• DENTAL WORK 
fi HYGIENISTS 

are available for 
cleaning teeth 

We can do spouses, too! 

Student Rates 

MONDAY thru FRIDAY 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
phone: 452-2080 

How long has it been since you've 
seen a dentist? 

NEED CREDIT? 
• Too young to borrow? 
• tMw in tOlWrt/no r.ferences? 
• Er_ bed debt rec:onts 
• Skip bill. without ruining credit 
• RlCllive IOIIIS widlin WIIk. of b1tinni", dlis progrwn 
• tnform.ion on upd •• credit tlWS and legisl.ion 
• Your r~h under dI. Federll Credit Acts 

Hamid Nurie (shown above) of San Diego State University spoke at the Iranian infonnation rally lut 
Wedneaday. Left, one of the many in the crowd who disagreed with the speakers. 

s .. apeup~ With a Friend 
SPECIAL 
INTRODUCTORY 
OFFER-----

Tracy, the newest addition to 
our growing scaff , offers t lOO 
precisiOn style cuts for the 
price of one! 
Call wda, ro make an 
appointment for yourself and 
a friend! 
Huntridge---. 
Hairstyles 
Located in the 
SummeT House rnn 
at La Jolla Shores 
- just minutes from camJfu.s! 
454-0785----' 

Counter-Rally on Rooftop 
Coni in lied (rom />C11l1.' 1 
sign was, "not very tasteful. " 

The sign was removed Quietly. 
Mort climbed the four fli ghts to the roof several more times 

during the rally to remind the students to keep their bannered 
opinions off the top of the dorm . 

Two of the students then retreated to their second·floor room to 
assault the rally with "Get Back" from the Beatles, Jimi Hendrix'lI 
"Star Spangled Banner" and Bob Dylan's, "I Shall be Released." 

When the small congregation had their fill of rooftop action, 
several participants headed into the crowd below in a successful 
search for a television camera . 

WEST 
AIIO fefll/d lll( Volvo. 9/4 's, alld )"fJtI"ese CIIN 

(formerly Mobile VW Service) III".,.' SO" ), t/rat .... ' "rr 1I0W limit;nll u flIice etllls to ,,,n 111,,1 will 1101 
st",,; I/() w.~'rr. 11''' rc happy rhal we "r" 110 ... able ro ol f'" you a much 
"''Xcr ,'aricry " j' scrvia fi,r your " III. You kilo II' l rom our previous "dl th"l 
our prices are lo ll'. hur mort' imporl""1 II,,,,, thai is o ur Ji"U " de,in 10 
srrivc l or rhe ,,/lsolure pe'lu rio" rh"r I dC_Old lrom my ull and my 
m eel,a"ia . 0", " cw locario ll i" Miuioll Valley is equipped wirh Ihe II"en 
laci/irles ro ,ervicc you, V III. Ma"y VIII owncrr 110 from one shop 10 
1lIIOIIrcr wollde,in}f if rlr ey will epe' l im} o lle rlrar Is lro"esi. sy mptlrhelic, 
capoh/e tllld l;ie",Jly . 

/ j'you Irape been dilSlll /sl/cd wMr your PIISI '''flI/U. Ih ell you have nor 
I,icd (IIIr slrop y.'I. III" t~" 10 bc cO/npcliliv" 0 11 prices. hut. IV" arc r('ally 
mo, e W IIC"f/I" d 1I';11r he/IIX Sa" Diclto's hilliresr qualiry slrop Ilrall in 
clreal,cst . 

1" 'r 's fac" il . maSIC' , roliSll/('1I do 1I0 t wo,k clrctlply. My mcclrtlll;er 
or<' amollX t lld /llth"sl I)(I/J ollywl,,·, c. hili IIIey a, .. w"11 ",'OTt" Ihc cost . 
III,' Ira,'.' /N' l,aillC'·S. I do II()/ ",1I',oll' sl",,, ew s 0 ' illlerio, POrlS. On Ill e 
("(n"ro,. .... H',' (/ Sf.~ s/ }('('/OIIC'cI,lI;qUC1S n il (IIII' t'lIxillC' rehuilds which 110 u ilier 
shops IISC, DIIt) H'~ ' arc' I ltr (}Il~" sllop o" ... ",II ('r;" IIol xuora",rc's (l lIr ~"ltincs 
o.{ IOllx as you 0''''' .t'ou, car. You hllll£, my fH' f SOIlOI KlIllrllutC(' /ItQ/ you will 
II £' comp/c/('/Y sotisfil'c/ w;,h our It!r tJict!. h·vcry cusfo mer is importo"t 10 us 
alld o llr ' ('PIIIOl iOlI ;s SI" "I,·S9. P/.'as(· call l o r dl'llIils. h . /./ L / 

S illr<'fd y, /' -, V~ 
h I/X;'''' ,d",il<l lI'il" coscso",:r. ol/d slailll.·ss S/('d valv"s $450.00 
TIIII""'/' all</,'oll'codjIlSllIl"/11 (III/X) $:!:!. 50 
NL'w clUfCh !HI,IS & Itl/x" $~5. 0() 
Ht'poi, all)' oi/lcaks $15.00 olf 
N.,w fl W IJ/Iln/1c,s $]5.00 ctlch 
Supe, Beel/. sllock s $20.00 eac" 
fimlasi/c Sled ""Jill/' $36.00 

... .. 
11_.1 ... 
.... ,.1.11. 

OPf.'N 7 DA YS 7: JO lI.m. - 7:30 p.m. 280·4232 

SEND FOR THE CREDIT GAME 
SOLVE ALL 

THESE 
CREDIT 

PROBLEMS 
with 

THE CREDIT GAME 

"Tired of being without credit, or up to your neck in 
'minimum payments'? With this book' you will leern how 
to make the $300 billion credit industry jump It your 
'command." 
r----------ONLY.~5----------I 'N.V. rnldenllidd n S .... Thl 
I Enc'ostd is $ for _____ Book. 
I Nemt 

=:;:"Of'to WAU. STREET PUBUSHING CO. 
3035TH AVE . 
SUITE 13CM1 
NEW YORK, NY 1001. 

I
I Addr ... ------------------City _______ Stet. _____ Zip ---
I I Allow 3 WIIk. fOf' delivery. 
I 



The Daily GuardiaD 

Decoration is Art 
'Decorative Impulse' Taps Roots 

IG. ." Raben K __ , ..... Jibe D.c:oratw. hpaJ.. exhibit currentl .. at the 
MandniIIe GaIJerJ. I 

Around Town 
The New Poetry Series concludes 

Wednesday, Nov. 28, with a poetry-
performance piece by Visual Arts 
faculty member Eleanor Antin. Antin 
is renowned internationally for her 
work in performance art, and thill 

~tation promises to be one of the 
highlights of the year. 4 pm in the 
RevdTe Formal Lounge. Free to the 
public. Call 452-2533 for more 
information. 

.. '" 

Patti O'Donnell and Sarai Austin, 
two local poets whose abilities as both 
writers and reader. have earned them a 
deserved reputation in the local area 
will read from their works tonight ai 
7:30 pm at D.G. Wills Bookstore and 
Coffee Shop, 7527 La JoUaBlvd, near 
Pearl Street (across the street from The 
Ski Chalet). The reading i. free to the 
public. Call 456-1800 for more 
information. 

Baroque and Romantic music will 
be performed by the UCSD Concert 
Choir, T ueaday, Nov. 27 at 8 pm, in 

the Mandeville Auditorium. Call 452-
3229 for more information. 

Come to the Cabaret: Music 
Department faculty member and 
soprano Carol Plantamura will sing 
Schoenburg's "Brett'l Leider" in 
concert with Sonor, the UCSD 
Contemporary Music Ensemble , 
Wednesday. Nov. 28. 8 pm. in the 
Maodeville Auditorium. The concert is 
free to the public. Call 452-3229. 

The Decorative Impulse, an exhibit 
of works by Billy AI Bengston, Cynthia 
Carillon, Frank Stella and several 
artist. of national and international 
reputation, continues through Dec . 9 in 
the Mandevill Gallery. 452-2864. 

Under Milkwood, the famous radio 
drama written by Dylan Thomas and 
noted for its' rich language, will be 
performed in the Mandeville Recital 
Hall, Nov. 28 through Dec. 1, at8 pm. 

By Valerie Collton 
and Melanie Nielson 

With "Des Moines," in the show The 
Decorative Impulse now at Mandeville 
Gallery, Kim MacConnel flaunts an 
awareness of Third World cultures , 
one of the major sourcet; for decorative 
painting in the 70s. This piece is a well - -
integrated neighborhood of East and 
West influences. Tacky calico and 
bold ethnic prints blaze with 
outrageous color and size. Hand-
painted strips of fabric from 
MacConnel':; multilingual scrap bag 
are sewn together vertically and pinned 
to the wall unstretched. The result 
astonishes with a poetry and balance 
that is more intelligent than it may first 
appear. The intentional out-of-register 
rendering and the uneven hem surprise 
the viewer into taking a long look . 

Similarly brilliant patterns and color 
cover the wallpaper, clothing and 
carpets in the paintings of Matisse, 
another important source of inspiration 
and exotic color found in paintings 
such as "Harmony in Red" by Matisse, 
become the work of art itself in a piece 
like "Des Moines". The "object" has 
been tranllformed from a "pillow in the 
parlor" to the empty lIurface to be 
painted. In MacConnel's case a piece 
of fabric is the target for his decorative 
impulses. 

Along with the Matisse-like oriental 
patterned paintings, Kim MacConnel 
presents a found couch-transformed 
through a variety of .brightly colored 
confetti designs and big polka dots into 
a "party-couch". Anyone who has ever 
wondered what to do with furniture that 
no one seems to want will appreciate 
MacConnel's wit and guts in 
"reconditioning" this throwaway vinyl 
couch and bringing it into the gallery. 

A former student and faculty 
member at UCSD, Kim MacConnel 
proves good decoration and good art 
are one and the same. And art like 
MacConnel's "Des Moines" makes me 
want to take off my shoes and do a 
dance in front of it. 

The feminist movement of the past 
decade hall greatly influenced the 
decorative art' of the late 70s. Artists 
such as Miriam Schapiro have been 
successful in combining -their 
experiences as women into abstract 

visual imagery. Schapiro incorporates 
domestic items tradionally considered 
unacceptable as high art into 
monumentally scaled collage pieces. 
Items such lace, ribbons, and fabric 
remnants from abt;tract visual images. 
Schapiro proves that decorative arl 
can combine significant ideas with 
sensual form. In "Paris Series #2" 
everyday materials are layered and 
patterned to form a women's robe. The 
robe symbolizes transition and 
transformation . The work combines 
the formal elements and painterly 
sensibility of modernism, yet 
challenges the minimalist styles of the 
last decade and the definition of 
traditional views and differences 
between "craft" and "high art". 

Like Kim MacConnel, Robert 
. Kushner is a former UCSD student and . 

has an interest in non-Western design. 
Animals and figures bound across his 
shaped paintings with a wildness 
reminiscent of the Fauves. "Kiss" and 
" Antelope Gate" explode like 
fireworks on the gallery walls with 
startling color and loose, aggressive 
brushwork , (a characteristic of most of 
the work in this show). Kushner's large , 
eccentric pieces derive their shapes 
from ethnic costumes, not the shaped 
canvas tradition. 

Paintings with such assertive 
personalities as these are welcome 
signs of life but present quite a problem 
to any installation team. Their 
placement, like Jhat of the other 18 
pieces , could not much be improved 
upon, and is partially responllible for 
the great success of this show. Such an 
importat exhibit and successful 
inlitallation are fine achievments for the 
UCSD Mandeville Art Gallery. 

Lucas Samaras' " Reconstruction 
#30" is one of the most surprising and 
dynamic works in the exhibit. His work 
has changed from earlier self-
annihilating content to works rich in 
energy, excitement and animation. 
Glittered, polka-dotted and intensely 
colored fabrics form geometric shapes. 
The effect is explosive, and similar to 
the spontaneity of Jackson Pollock 's 
action paintings. In fact , the pattern on 
one fabric that runs throughout the 
composition, is a direct reference to 

PleclSe lurn I" (lof.le R 

. Backpacking 
Beachcombing 
Rockclimbing 

in 

YOUDOrrr 
NEED GLASSES 

Complementary 
Enrollment 
In Extension 
Courses 

BAJA 
SUN., DEC. 9 

to 
SAT, DEC. 15 

'.d:~cktn!J. M.ch eo.tltng .nd forltg1"9 .10ng the COlist of a.J •• 
then rodlc.l1l1bt,., ,nd ~, MtI"9 1n 8aj. ' , Hul, lrn,lec1 fnterlor. 

NO UPUIEIICE NECESSARY I 
OP{N 10 All UCSO SIUOEMTS. rACOlYY, STAFF 

$85.00 
Includes: rood, ell.'", ".r, coo~1ftq gel". 

lnl1" p"' r t·ttOfl. letltl, 1nstr'Uuion 

rURTHER DUAllS Mn ~ 1G1 uPS At ReC GYM On' lCE 

CN1I'US RECR[ATlOII 
Oel)frtl!lflnt or Physic.! £duc.Uon 

to enjoy a Tecate Trio Bravo. 
Just take an icy red can of Tecate Beer 

imported from Mexico 
and top it with lemon and salt. 

Out of Sight! 

TEUTE WISdom Import Soles Co .. Inc. IrVine , Cllt(ornl~ 927 1-t . 

EXPERIENCED 
I~~ WORD 
~OCESSOR 
Allailable ro type and prepare 

r dissertalion/ chesis /CYr 
lin . 

Sav.e $$$ on )IOU 
type5etcing-

/CYr ddails , call 
296~6973 days, 

or 449,2029 
after 3:00 pm 

POSTAL WSTANT PRESS 

STUDENT 
RATES 
Instant Printing 
Photocopies 
Flyers for 

Student Organizations 
Resumes 
Typing 

7527 La Jolla Blvd. 
At the corner of 
Pearl and La Jolla Blvd. 

Sign-ups for UCSD 
appr()\led courses (XI-
XI-(8) will be held on 
Tuesday, November 
27-and far all other 
courses on November 28. 
EACH STUDENT 
MUST ENROLL IN 
PERSON. Sign ups 
begin at 8:00 am each 
day. Come early. There 
are a limited number of 
spaces atlailable. 

Tuesday and 
Wednesday 

Classifieds 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
THIRD COLLEGE STUDENTSI Apply 
for REG FEE REP, Third Council 
alternate and AS rep. Contact 452-
4363; 4390. (11/28) 
WANTED: Reg fee rep. Third Council 
alternale. AS Rep and EOP Advisory 
Committee for Third College. Contacl 
TC Deans. 452-4363; 452-4390. 
(t 1/28) 
SALUT LES COPAINSI The French 
club is having a Christmas Party. Join 
us Mon. Nov 26 al 7:00 pm in Beagle 
Lounge for lois to eat and drink. 50¢ 
donation requested from non-
members. Call 453-8292 for in fo. 
(t 1 / 26) 
Interesting and profitable opportunily 
available at local ca ble radio 
stalion ... Sales Manager needed 
immedialely to develop and 
irTlllemeni sales program for growing 
slat Ion. Send resume to: Sales 
Manager. B-015 La ·Jolla. Ca. 92093. 
(t 1/30) 
$2.00 OFF YOUR FEES! CalPIRG 
endorsed abortion' OBJECT? 
DEDUCT$2. Hand in your GREEN 
card. SAVE $2.00 ( t 1 /30) 
The Living Writing Series begins on 
Nov. 26 wilh Steve Kowit and AI 
Zolynas reading from their work in 
poetry at 4 pm. SCriPPS cottage. 
SDSU. admisson free. (1 t /26) 
ABORTIONISTS hired fo kill with your 
reg fees? Yes! Angry? Object? Join 
the resistors! How? 454-1962 (II /30) 

PERSONAls 
ScOIl Collins Ihank you for being such 
a greal bed buddy. It's beena fun three 
weeks. 

Janette (11/26) 
ABORTION IS A CRIME THAT KILLS 
not only the child but the consciences 
of all involved - Mother Teresa -
(11 /30) 
SLAVEHOLDERS protested "Don't 
impose your morals on us" Now 
abortiOnists chant the same relrain. 
) t 1.30). 
FREE PREGNANCY TESTtNG. AND 
COUNSELING MEDICAL AND 
FINANCIAL AID. REFERRALS 24 
HRS. AT 583-5433. (1 1/ 30) 

fOR SAlE 
Dytan tickets Nov. 27 & 28 $22. Rows 
t 3-24 center. Call Tom: 442-9822 
day; evening - 275-1390. (11/26) 

For sale: American Airlines Half fare 
coupon. Best offer. 453-5733. ( 1 t /27) 
American Airlines coupon $30 or best 
offer. Call last. 582-8641. 287-4190 

n~e . (11/27) 
Need $. Buy my moped Puch-Newport 
almost new. $450 cash and take over 
payments. $27/mo. Diana, 566·4173. 
Aft. 6 pm. (11 /30) 
Women's hiking boots Redwing Irish 
Setters. Size 61'.2 great condition 
$45.00 Call 453-3694 ask for Paula. 
(1 1/30) 
Moving sate Nov. 26-29. Bed, Couch. 
Kitchen table. Coffee lable. Lamps. 
etc. Call 455·1932 or 452-3095. 
(11 /29) 
ABORTIONISTS hired to kill with your 
reg fees? Angry? Object: join the 
resistors! How? 454-1 962. (1 t /30) 
'72 LandcrUiser Phenominal condo 
New eng .. brakes. body. & paint. Many 
modifications. Stereo CB. Call 481 -
9529. (11 /29) 
Carnegie A-440 now offers a happy 
hour speciat to UCSD students, 
faculty and slaft - from 4:30 to 7:00 
pm Mon-Fri. a 60 oz. pilcher of coke or 
beer and 12" cheese pizza costs you 
only $5.95! (reg $8.25 value). And only 
$1 for each extra ingredientt (1 t /26) 

WANTEd 
Houses~ting job or Apt / house to rent 
lor monlh of Dec. 453-3804 - Ma i. 
(11126) 

TRAVEl 
Ride wanted to New York at end of 
quarter. Witt share expenses. Call 
Doug aI453-2538 after 6pm/ (11 /2 7) 
CIEE student Iravel center localed on 
lhe 2nd floor 01 the studenl center 
open MWF 8-12. TuTh 12-4. (11/30) 
Need a ride to Bay area betwen Dec 3 
& 9. Call 459-0966 days, or 452-2015 
evenings. Wi ll share gas. 

loST 610uNd 
Silver pin losl on Muir, shaped in form 
of Thunder bird. Two turquoise stones. 
Reward Call 278-1160. (11 /30) 
Stolen brown athletic bag Fred Perry 
inside & notebooks l 50$ reward. 755-
3874. (1t/28) 
lost ring. Inilials ADW Reward. 453-
4397. (1f /27) 

EAT ME 

The Dally Guardian 

Help!' 00 you need cash? There's a 
reward for return of my skateboard. 
Lost 1 t / 19ACS 500 - Tom 277-445a 
(11/26) 
Found: One sel of keys Friday 1 t / 16 
with teat her foot on key ring. 455-
6962. (1 1/29) 
Lost calculalor: HP 25-C. Reward. Call 
755-5564. Great sentimental value to 
Revelle Nurd. (11/27) 

SERVicES 
Impossible paper due too soon? Need 
help with typing. research. wriling? 
Profess ional writer . researcher. 
educator can help you pull il together. 
Jackie Pape~ 239-0206 x 114. (1 1/26) 
Need help w/your wrlling, English? A 
nationally published wr~er witt assist 
you. 222.207t . (11 .30) 
Profession IBM typing - symbol 
capability. math. sci. Rush jobs on 
campus for pickup/delivery. Mary 
566-9894. (11 /26.30) 
Typing - term papers, theses. diss. 
IBM correcting selectric. Reasonable. 

. Mrs. Olds 455·02 17. 
Typists: IBM exper /theses /disser / 
term papers/editing. RUSH jobs l 453-
0656. 452-t 588. 286-4936,225-1449. 
(6/15) 
Dot's Home typing all types fast, 
reliable. reasona ble. days and eves 
279-4244. (M/F 11.30) 
JENNY'S HOME TYPING - Term 
papers, these9, diss. Days and !!Ves, 
225-1449. (11 / 30) 

housiNG 
Condo to sublet. Dec 10 - Jan 4. 
couple or 2 females. Jacuzzi. poot, 
garage. $286 for both near UCSD 452-
7039. (11120) 
F rmate wanted Del Mar house own 
room near Beach fireptace. laundry. 
patio avait Dec. t 5 $158/mo. call 
evenings. Kris or shelley 481 -2413. 
(11 /20) 
Del Mar room, private door & shower. 
150 ft. from beach. Share $145 /mo 
begin Dec 15. Call Luke now at 755-
4648. (I t /30) 
Roommate needed beginning Dec. 
12. Live w/2 Chicanos. $142/ mo. 
Mira Mesa call early AM 566-3702. 
(11/28) 
Female roommate La Costa condo 
own room palio view Jacuzzi $150 
942-1257. (11130) 

-The Behring Boys . 

UCSD BIKE SHOP 
Located in the Student Center 

OPEN 10-5, DAILY 

OPEN 7 DA YS A WEEK 
always free air! 

Mammoth Chalel for Rent - 4 
bedroom. 2 bath , sleeps t o. 
comptelefy furnished. all wood, big 
fireplace. 3 blocks from lift 7 & 8. 

. Available for weekend. weekly or 
monthty rent at Rates for weekend 
$100/night, weekly $85/nlghl, 
monthly $65 / n'ght. 50% non -
refundable deposil to reserve. Plan 
now for Mammoth. Call Doug (7t4) 
540-5222 or (714) 770-0571. ( 11 27) 

., 

I need a room to rent in Del Mar 
beginning winter quarter - preferable 
maSler with bath. Jane. 271-0356. 
(1 1/30) 

Roommate needed to share large 
wood-paneled room. Large house 
with pool & galden. bike dislance from 
UCSD avaitable for winter & Sprmg 
quarters. $114. Call anytime 453-
2925. (11 /28) 

Available in December room for male 
to share 4-bedroom country living 20 
mins from campus, mile Irom beach. 
$175/ mo. Oceanside. 722·7939. (11 / 30) 

Need hOusemate In Del Mar near 
beach. Own room avail immed. and 
indef. $148 ph. 481-1353 Dean.m 
Dave, or Adllan. (11/27) 

STUDY IN EUROPE 
The University of Louvain (est. 1425) 

Leuven, Belgium 
offers 

COMPLETE PROGRAMS IN PHILOSOPHY 
FOR THE DEGREES' OF B.A, M.A. and PH.D. 

plus 
A JUNIOR YEAR ABROAD PROGRAM 

course options offered in English. 
contact with European and non-European 
nationalities. 
incredible cultural opportunities. 

' ideal location for travel. 
TUITION: the cost of tuition and fees to the student 
is only 11 ,500 Belgian Franks (approx, $400 US 
dollars) due to ubsidies from the government. 

---------Write to: ---------
Secretary Engli h Programs 

H .l.W. 
Kardinaal Mercierplein 2 

B-3000 Leuven 
Behzium 

, 



8 The Daily Guardian 

No Evidence Against Byrd Decoration Art Show Taps Various Roots 
Continued from paRe 2 
environment and change. in 
the academic program of 
UCSD to prelerve ita 
excellence and to allow more 
Itudents lucceaaful experi. 
ences. It would also behoove 
the.e lame Itudent. and 
adminiltrators to look 
carefully at the Partnership 
ProtJI'am and the lnunediate 
Outreach Program in terms of 
their eRects on the m.mbers of 
eligible student. admiuable to 
UCSD, and to work with and 
strengthen these programs to 
increase the number of 
aucc.afuI applicant. on a 
Ionc;term basis. 

I have been astounded by 
the lack of data or empirical 
infonnation appearing in the 
demar.ds of SAAC or the 
pronoucemenh of the 
admini.trator~ with regard to 
the adequacy of the 
perfonnance of the . EOP 
program. It would seem that 
before criticism »houJd be 
leveled at Mr. Byrd in tennsof 
hi. productivity a. chief 
recruiter, responsibility would 
dictate that the students and 
admini.tratorti doing the 
critiquing have enough 
knowled,e of the .ubject area 
to be able to speak accurately 
as to the empirical ba.i. of 

their critique •. 
To phrase.the problem in a 

slightly different fa.hion, alter 
Mr. Byrd is deposed and a new 
sacrificial lamb i. brought in, 
how long is it going to take to 
.tring up the next one? 
Poa;sibiy it would be beneficial 
to work with the causes of a 
complex problem than to 
reflexively eliminate one of 
these people in the UC system 
who hal been mo.t succe.sful 
in meeting the problem head 
on and attemPtir18 to solve it. 
RICHARD P. WHITEHILL 

Counseling Psychologist 
Counseling and Psychological 

Services 

Continued from page 6 
Pollock's black and white 
work. The culmination of the 
colora and fabrics i. playful 
and suggest the excitement of 
Christmas morning with its 
wr~pings, ribbons and lights. 

The Decorative Impulse will 
be on display through 
December 9 at Mandeville 
Gallery before moving on to 
the Minneapolis College of Art 
and Design, then to the 
Museum of Contemporary Art 
in Chicago this spring. A 
catalog accompanies the show 
and is priced at $5 per copy 
($3.50 for students). Gallery 

, 

hours are: Mon·Fri, 12·5:00 
pm; Wed evenings 7:00·9:00 
pm and Sundays 12:00·5:00 
pm. Closed Saturdays. 

No Quotes 
Continued from page 2 

Equality, in education or 
otherwise, simply will not be 
achieved by trying to 
overbalance, to get even for 
past injustice. That is looking 
backward. The world is too 
small for every race to look 
backward and away from 
every other. 

JANE ALBUSCBE 

FLY ON LAKER'S NEW 
THREE-TIER SERVICE: 

,to London I 
monday 
job board 

--....... ---- Round trip fares ------ This Is. ampli ng of opporrunides listed with C areer Planning & Plac.ment as of last Wednesday 
m rning. Visit us at the Student Center, Building B. WE ARE HERE TO HELP! 

STANDARD $409.00 

EXCURSION $46<).00 

ECONOMY 

confirmed reservation 
(21 days in advance) 
confirmed reservation 

(any time) 

For further information, contact CIEE Student 
Travel Service, located on the second floor of the 

Student Center. 

Open MWF 8-12 am, T /Th 12-4 pm. 

Council on International Educational Exchange 

The Associated Students, University Events, and the Student Center Board 
Cheerfully co--sponsor: 

CARHR 

PRESCHOOL TEACHER: $:57ojmo, creative-degree helpful but IlOl necessary (6829) . 
MARINE BIOLOGI T: $2'-30 ,OOO/ yr, MS degree. Industrial and Powerplanr proJeCl~ (6830). 
Dj P PROGRAMMER: Salary negOliable. Degree and 2-4 yrs RPG " experience (6828) . 

PART-TIME 

Data Entry Operatar: Perm. Pj T, Salary DOE, Set.'eTal Openings (E-04,7) . 
Cashier: PjT, $3 .00 hr, must be flexible with public (0-04,8) . 
General Office Warker: 4 months, $3 .lo jhr, willing 10 lTain (C04,6). 
Bookkeeping: $., .oo-, .oo/hr, :l da,s /week (C04'3). 
Office Assistant: S, .oojhr, Perm. prr, Medical backgrawnd (C04,2). 
Sama Clau.s: $4 .ooj hr, 20-34 hrs /week (H-0449)· 

CURRENT MNTS • ANNOUNCEMENTS 

FEDERAL SUMMER JOBS: 
A written test is required. Apply by 12114/ 79, test will be 1180. After 121 14179 and no 
later than 1I 11 1BO, test will be 2180. Inquire at Student Job Cemer. 
CALIFORNIA SENATE FELLOWSHIP PRoGRAM: 
For graduating seniors/ all majo rs-applications and information availble at the Career 
Planning &. Placement Office intake desk. 
CALIFORNIA ASSEMBLY FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM: 
For graduating seniors/ all majors- applications &. information avai lable at the Career 
Planning &. Placement Office intake desk. 
GRE's dnd GMA T'! 
Available at Career Planning &.. PlacMlent. 
THE BROADWAY 
Is seeking (all and winter grads. SA candidates in all majors, (or positions in their 
Management Training Program. This is an excellent opportunity to get into the Oeld. Take 
advantage! • 

JERRY RIOPELLE-
and the 
DOUBLE SHUFFLE BAND 

I---------------at Walk's Place, simulcast over KSDT FM 
Friday, November 30, and Saturday, December 1 
Showtimes: 8:00 and 10:30 pm 
Tickets: UCSD Students $1.50, General Admission $3.00, 

available at the Box Office beginning Tuesday, November 27 


