
I 
I 

The Daily': Guardian 
-~---~-

Volume 38, Number 22 

Scripps Nurse 
Strike Voted 
Down by 90% 
Change in Management 
Attitude Given as Reason 

By John Hondros 
Associate News Editor 

Registered nurses at Scripps Memorial Hospital 
voted "pretty much overwhelmingly" last Thursday to 
withdraw the notification for a walkout which would 
have begun at 2:30 pm today, ac ording to Keith 
Carrabine, a Scripps RN and California Nurses 
Association negotiator. 

The announcement was made a t Friday's 
negotiating session. ' 

Ninety percent of the 180 nurses chose to call off the 
threatened walkout following a recommendation 01 the 
CNA that the strike notification be withdrawn, said 
Carrabine. 

The Scripps RNs, accursing the hospital of stalling 
in bargaining talks, filed the strike notification 10 days 
ago. 

But following the strike threat, Carrabine said there 
was a "sudden change of attitude in the way they 
(Scripps negotiators) were dealing with us at the 
bargaining table. , 

"The CNA felt if the momentum from last week was 
carried through in future talks, it would be impudent of 
us not to withdraw the notification." 

Scripps President Ames Early said this weeke nd he 
was pleased that the strike was withdrawn and that 
agreements were being made in contrad talks. "I'm 

. relieved that we don't have to make changes in 

Univenity of Califomia, San Diego 

hospital operations, " he added. 
The RNs also voted to withdraw the unfair labor 

charges filed with the Na tional Labor Relations Board 
two weeks ago, said Carrabine, adding that the matter 
"has been resolved. " 

However, Early said he still believes these charges 
were "not accurate." 

"We (the management) feel the strike charges were 
a tadic on the unions part to pressure ~s into yieldinu 

, - Please tum to t>alle 4 

Drop Date May Be Moved Back 
To Fourth Week, CEP Suggests 

BSY SaffmW~h to be presented, and how they are doing 
ta "nter.. academically," Bond argues. 

A proposal to move the free drop date two weeks He also claims that a "w" note on the transcript is 
earlier . in the quarter , w~1 pro~abt.y be before the not a penalty for students. He says there has always 
COf!1mlttee on Educational Policy In January, CEP been a problem with students allegedly abusing the late 
chaIrman Tom Bond says. ,drop privilege, often trying the same class several 

,The proposal would al~ow stude,nts to ~rop classes times to get a better grade. 
WIthOut any note on theIr transcript un III the fourth "With the new system," Bond says, "transcripts 
week. " would more accurately reflect a student's ability. 

Stud~nts could drop classes unbl the end of,the mnth Students who are forced to drop classes during the late 
week ~It!!0ut d~~rtment s!~mp or faculty sIgnature, period for legitimate reason~. ~0~1d not be harmed 
but a ,w (for WIthdrawal ) would be placed on the academically by only a few w II . 
transcript for, classes dro~ after the f~rth we~k. CEP members meellng In closed session last 

The deadline for droppm.g classes now IS t~e SIxth Tuesday agreed to c ' rculate the new proposal among 
week though stamps and SIgnatures are reqUIred for students, faculty and administrators to elicit comments 
the proced~e. " on the plan, though no formal mechanism to receive 
, Bond ~I,eves the shIft WIll help prevent wasted criticism has been adopted by the committee, part of 
Instructors time, classroom and lab space and course the Academic Senate. 
supplies by encouraging students to drop classes 
earlier in the quarter. 

"The change will still allow sufficient time for 
students to get a feel for the course in terms of material 

Comments or notes on the proposal should be 
addressed to the CEP, c/o the Academic Senate, Q. 
002, no later than Nov. 5, Bond says. 

Abortion Rights Action Week 
Will Include _ UCSD Rally, 'Table 
Three campus organizations are 

joining in a nationwide "Abortion 
Rights Acti(Jn Week." 

The Associated Students, the 
Student Affirmative Action Committee 
and the Women's Center are adding 
their names to the sponsorship of wha t 
is being labeled as a '·pro·choice 
week. " 

De si!{ned partly to protest 
congressional limits plm:ed on the u 'e 
of Medi ·Care funds for abortion and 
partly to L'CIlIcate on abortion·related 
i Slles, UCSl) will he the scene of 
several Action Week efforts. 

An Ahortion Ri!{hts Informallon 
tahle will be established Tu'sday 
thJ()lI!{h Thursday frolll 1 1 am to 1 :]0 

pm, and a rally is planned for Friday a t 
11 :30 on the l-{ym steps. 

The musical group Bread and Roses 
will play at the rally. a nd memhers of 
tht.' ICl-{islnture, women's rights groups 
and pi ' nned parenthood organi . 
zations, as wcll as a physician who 
performs abortions, wi ll spt'ak. 

That same Oily, a noon rally will also 
he ht'ld in Halboa Park 10 support the 
ahortion rights l'tIUSe, 

' Ihe urr 'lne 'ourt has ruled that 
wOlllen have it nmstilutiollClI right to an 
ahurtion in most l'irculllstann's, hut Ill\' 
Congressional uehatl' ovcr abortion 
funding, whidl ddayt'd approval of tilt' 
ft'dt'ral blldgt'l, has l'l'rllt'fl'(l allt'lllioll 

Please turn to page 4 

Monday October 22, 1979 

Regents Ask 
Billion Dollar 
'80-'81 Budget" 

Reg Fee 'Strain' May 
Mean Increase Coming 

By Trapper Byrne 
Special to the Guardian 

SAN FRANCISCO - The Board of Regents last 
week approved a proposed University of California 
budget that requests almost $1 billion in state funds, an 
increase of 7.5 percen,t over last year. 

Included in the budget request is $3.8 malion to 
reduce the faculty.student ratio from the current 17.5· 
1 to 16.5· 1 by 1984. The Regents also asked for $1.1 
millio,,! to hire more teaching assistants. 

In order to head off an increase in the educational 
fee paid by students, the Regents asked the state to 
assume the full $1. 9 million per year cost of the 
Student Affirmative Action Program. The e<lucational 
fee now costs each student $100 per quarter. 

Howeve~, the budget proposal strongly hints at 
increased Registration Fees. It states that campus Reg 
Fee budgets (funded at UCSD by a $128 quarterly 
charge to students) are "severely strained, and action 
must be taken to relieve the situation ... " 

Though each campus' prpposals to "relieve the 
situation" will not be announced until the Nov. 16 and 
17 Regents meeting, it was revealed Friday that at 
least one campus, UC Berkeley, has asked for a.$39 
increase in the fee over each of the next four years, 
raising the charge from the present $393 per year to 
$549 by 1984. . 

In other news at the Regents meeting, the 
Committee on Finance reported that the UCSD 
Medical Center lost $2 million last fiscal year, the 
worst defici t suffered by any of the UC's five hospitals. 

UCSD would have lost another $1.7 million 
allocated to cover a 7 percent salary increase for all 
hospital employees, part of Gov. Brown's ordered pay 
increase to all state employees, retroactive to July , 
1978. However, a lower court declared the raise 
"unconstitutional" earlier this year , and the money is 
now tied up in litigation. 

The Finance Committee report, presented by UC 
Vice·President William Fretter, blames the $2 million 
loss mainly on operating expenses for Medi·CaI 
patients. 

Medi·CaI repaid the UCSD facility less than its 
expenses because &he National Medi·Care program 
sets a limit on Medi ·Care and Medi·Cal 
reimbursement based on "reasonable costs." 

In charging Me<li ·CaJ patients, "these limits caused 
significant reimbursement shortfalls at the Davis and 
San Diego hospitals starting in fiscal year 1975.76 
and continuing through fiscal year 1978· 79," F retter's 
report said. 

The next Regents meeting will be Nov. 16 and 17 
in downtown L<?s Angeles at the Convention Center. 



The Dally Guardian 
......... rI~~ .... 

Eric Aye Jeff Beresford·Howe John Klock 
Editor News Editor Copy Editor 

Kathy Huffer John Hondrol 
AlilOCiate News Editor ASlOCiate News Editor 

UIl'Il(I"" '''''niun" n1)rt'M'nl tiM' "Il'''''' .. llbt· fi\' t " "lt'mht~r t'tI •• mlall:Hmnl HI 
n.e Daily Guardian. T .... Daily Guardian" 1.~,li.",,1 M .... I.,)' Ih".,~h 
. 'ndil)' durin .. tIM· "'Mular ,,-:hu .. 1 \'I'ur hy l\h .. It'nl~ uf Ih..· Univt'utly ul 
( '"filo" .. ,. s.u, 1)"1Iu. ~." ,·,hlunal .... 11 · 1 .;:! ·:~II~i.lllr I.,.i,.· .. 1',,114,,;1· 

:14till. 

Collective Error 
Members of the new indicator collective who 

complain they are short of money because $638 from 
their budget was spent on the Disorientation Manual 
have no one to blame but themselves. 

A few members of the paper's $taff, including AS 
Cornmi .. ioner of Student Welfare, Jon Bekken, 
'prepared the manual over the summer. It was 
published last month during orientation week. The 
Problem is, the money wai never officiaHy approved, 
lor the 64-pace guide to what is wrong with UCSD, 
says AS President Carlos Montalvo, 10 the bill is being 
paid ithe new indicator. If the money isn't replaced, 
the live may have to print either smaller issues or 
fewer issues this year. than they had planned. 

Letter. T. TIte Editor 

Belcken says the AS promised the money for the 
I manual, but the AS, and the people who keep its 
books. disagree. 

We .believe 8ekken acted irresponsibly and against 
the best interests of hi. own organization, when he and 
hi. colleagues went ahead with the manual without 
proper funding. No doubt Bekken knew he was out of 
line but thought he could lo~by for the funds, perhaps 
using publicity or his official AS position as leverage 
this fall. Again, Bekken was shortsighted; he should 
have anticipated, for instance. the controversy over 
the suggestions in the manual that students can get 
around university regulations by forging signatures. 
And he is especially naive if he expected the AS, which 
comes under critiCism in the marwal, to be pleasant' 
about paying the l>ilI after the fael. 

Montalvo has the authority to provide the money 
from his discretionary fund; the AS Council could also 
cover the $638, but we don't think Bekken and the 
new indicator collective should get the money back .. 
Tightening their belts should help them realize that 
they shouldn't play fast and loose with student fee 
money. 

Do Tell 
The advisor for the Career Planning and Placement 

office said Sen. Edward Kennedy, who is scheduled to 
speak at UCSD next month on health care, was 
invited' to campus "before any of the political issues 
became involved." 

We congratulate the peOple of CP&P for efficiency; 
they must have set up the appearance 11 years ago. 

Why the 
Editor: 
. I read the Oct. 10 article 
about the Associated Student. 
giving the ad money from the 
DOl Equil insert 10 the 
Women'. Center, and I think 
it is one 01 the dumbest moves 

t~ AS hal made this year. 
If The Daily Guardian is 

going to take the blame for the 
ad, then they . should be 
responsible for the money too. 
Giving' the money to the 
Women's Center is, in 
euence, paying the center lor 
the "sexist" ad. This would 

,not, in my mind, help develop 
the awareness of sexism; it is 
downright supporting it. 

II Jim Lofgren is not upset at 
the Guardian, then why take it 
out on them? I think he has 
good intentions, but , he is 
pointed in the wrong direction. 

Why wasn't the money, if it 
has to be taken away, given 
for a men's center? I don't see 
how giving money to the 
Women's , Center is going to 
help support the light against 
sexism, when the Women's 
Center itself represents the 
worst kind 01 sexism: 
Segregation of the sexes. 

Three cheers lor Editor Eric 
Jaye, who asked "Where was 
the AS when Deep Throat was 
shown on this campus?" I ask, 
"Where was the Women's 
Center on that night?" I didn't 
see any kind of protest or any 
AS action to take the money 
away from the Rugby Club. 
Surely that movie is a lot more 
offensive than the ad was. 

I think a lot of petty stuff 

Invitations to Hear Loritts Include 
Campus Officials and You, Thief 

Editor: 
L.a.t week someone took 

my backpack from outside the 
Re'velle sundry store. First, I'd 
like to apologize to the poor 
guy who works there for 
getting 10 upset with him. It 
WaJll't his fault, but I didlose 
some valuable things. 

In addition to personal 
possessions, I lost something 
that is a lot more important to. 
me: Several personal 
invitations from Campus 
Crusade for Christ to certain 
group, and individuals to hear 
Crawford Loritts speak tonight 
and T unday night. 

We want everyone to come" 
of course, but we wanted these 

people to ·receive a special 
invitation becaUlle we thought 
they might have a special 
interest. Since the stationery 
needed for the IOvitalJons was 
also stolen, I won't be able to 
type new ones, so I hope this 
leiter will do. 

The people are: Chancellor 
William McElroy, Vice 
Chancellors Paul Silliman and 
Richard Armitage, the four 
deans and proVOllts, chaplains 
at the office of religious affairs, 
UCSD international students. 
black professors at UCSD, 
and AlI,socliited ~tud'!nts 
President Carlos Montalvo. 
Also receiving an invitation is 
the Black Student Union. To 

you, and to whomever else is 
interested, Crawford will be 
speaking tonight in TLH 104 
at 8 pm on "Black Leadership 
after the 20th Century," and 
on Tuesday night in USB 
2722 on "Sensational Sex." 

And to the person who has 
my backpack: Inside the front 
pocket there are some little 
gold b~klels that will tell you 
how you can have an 
ahundant and meaningful life. 
I hopt! you will read one. You 
are worth more than an infinity 
of back"a~'ks ami I'd I~ willing 
to lose an infinity if you could 
come to know the joy I h.w(' 
in J 'lIliS Christ. 

LISA CAWYEI{ 

Women's Center? 
was said aboul that ad, but I 
know thai if two guYI wearing 
gold and silver "apeedOl" were 
posed in the same position 
there wouldn't be anything 
said by almost all of the 
women on this campus. 

The Women's Center and 
all of the people who 
complained about the ad 
should tell women on this 
campus not to portray 
themselves as the "mindless 
sex objects" they take such 
offense to. The two people in 
the Dos Equis ad weren't men 
dressed to look like women. 
The concerned people should 
start on the home front and try 
to tell the women what to wear . 
How many do you think will 
listen? 

I strongly feel that these 
people should stop bitching at 
the men and society and start 
yelling at the women. Alter all, 
who makes the fashion in this 
country? Every day I see 
women trying to be just like 
"mindless sex objects" by 
wearing the most provocative 
clothes they can find. I just 
don 't understand it. Tell me 
why. 

Another thing I don't 
understand is the use of the 
word "equality ." It seems to 
me that this word is used a lot 
by the Women's Center; but I 

ask, where is the men'l center? 
Why ian't there a center to deal 
with both sexes? Why must 
the women be separate from 
the men? Do they think 'they're 
better? How can they scream 
"equality" at the top of their 
lungs, when they're npt even 
giving men a fair shake? 

Oh, I know all the stuff 
about the past, but why can't 
we start now in the present. 
Why must we start off on the 
wrong foot all over again? 

If sexism is to stop, it has- to 
be a combination of both sexes 
working together in the 
present. It can't be separate 
factions both fighting the same 
thing, for our strength would 
be divided. The AS should 
stop their practice 01 petty 
politics and get to the real 
issues of all the students. 
Playing God doesn't come 
with the job, or at least I didn't 
think it did . And I don't think 
The Daily Guardian should 
ha ve to give any money to any 
one; if you give a dance, you 
have to pay the band . 

RUSSEL BRIDGEPORT 
editor ' s note: The . 

Associated Students, which 
has no authority over The 
Daily Guardian, suggested, 
not directed, thaI Ihe money 
from the inser' he Ri ven /0 the 
Women's Center. 

The Daily Guardian 
Can't Spell 'Black' 

Now that I've Botten your 
allention I would like to charge 
The Daily Guardian, · along 
with mOlt dther Jlredominantlv 
Caucalian·ltaffed new.pa-
pers, with the lack of ability to 
spell. I'm 10 damn tired of 
reading a newlp8per and 
seeing an article about Black 
people only to see a small ''b" 

before my nationality. 
Apparently, nobody told 

you that you capitalize the first 
leiter when referring to one's 
nationality. So listen and listen 
well: The next time you want 
to show your stupidity, please 
call your mother. 

NADINE C. ADAMS 

We Accept Poems, Too -
Song 

"Who carried off the Caryatids?" 
Smaug the dragon 
Put them in the Athens 

Mausomuseum 
All pitied in pain 
From acid rain . 

- Susan Murphy 

ASSOCIATED PRESS N,EWS BRIEFS 
I INTERNATIONAL I I NATIONAL II STATE ==============~ ================ 
Moshe Dayan Quits 

JERUSALEM - Moshe Dayan resigned 
yesterday as Israel's foreign minister, angered by 
Prime Minister Menachem Begin's continued tough 
line on the Palestinian issue, "the key question in our 
lives ." 

The surprise resignation of the military hero· 
turned -politician maverick threatened to deal a sharp 
blow to Begin's shaky government coalition. But its 
political impact could not be assessed immediately . 

The opposition Labor Pary immediately renewed 
its call for new elections, but Begin is expected to 
reject the idea. • 

The 64.year·old Dayan, who underwent l'ancer 
surgery earlier this year, notified Begin of his wish to 
resign in a secret letter Oct. 2. He con finned it with 
another note to Begin at yesterday's regular Cabinet 
meetinu, and the decision was announced . 

London Times Saved 
. LONDON - The Times of London, one of the 

world's most influential newspapers, won 't be calling 
it an era after all. 

A last-minute accord yesterday between 
management and a printers' union saved the 194· 
year·old paper, which is as much a mainstay of 
Britain as cricket and the stiff upper lip. Publication of 
the nmes, the Sunday Times and three weekly 
supplements had been suspended for 1 Olf2 months in 
a showdown with labor over manning, strikes and 
technology. 

The Times management and the National 
Graphical Association announced agreement less 
than five hours before a deadline set by the 
International Thomson organization , the Canadian· 
based parent firm of Times Newspapers Ltd. 

The company had threatened to fire 3,700 print 
workers and effectively dose the papers if agreement 
was not reached by 4 pm yesterday. 

Nevada Execution 
CARSON CITY, Nevada - Spurning appeals 

for his life, convicted killer Jesse Bishop died early 
today in the Nevada gas chamber, the second man to 
be executed in the United States this year. 

Last-minute appeals to two US Supreme Cour 
justices Sunday were rebuffed . Like Gary Gilmore, 
who was shot by a Utah firing squad in January 
1977 , Bishop had repeatedly spurned efforts to those 
who wanted to stop his execution. 

Appeals on behalf of Bishop repeatedly have been 
rejected by the courts as invalid because Bishop has 
refused to participate in them. 

Bishop, during moves by the American Civil 
Liberties Union to block his execution, dared the 
n~tion's judicial system to "sbow some g~ts" and 
reject pleas from unwanted defenders to keep him 
from the death chamber, last used in 1961. 

Bishop warned that if he were not executed on 
schedule, he would launch an appeal of his own and 
would nev_er be executed, a family spokesman said. 

Held for ,Radio Time 
ST. ALBANS, W.Va - A man armed with a rifle 

burst into a small church yesterday and held 27 
worshippers hostage for 2 lfl hours before 
surrendering after reading an obscene statement over 
the radio, authorities said. 

The gunman, who identified himself as a "fed.up" 
Vietnam veteran, gave himself up after he was 
allowed to broadcast a statement from the church 
over Charleston radio station WCHS. 

The man, identified by state police as Harold 
Mann, 31, was arraigned before Magistrate Carl 
Wilhrow and charged with kidnapping. He was 
ordered held without bond. Kanawha County 
prosecutor James Roard said Mann was taken to 
Charleston Area Medical Center for a psychiatric 
examina tion. 

Strangler Held 
LOS ANGELES - Kenneth A. Bianchi, accused 

in five of the Hillside Strangler s1ayings, stepped off a 
helicopter and was taken to County Central Jail 
yesterday after he was secretly transported here from 
Washinllton state. 

Bianchi, 28, was taken to the same facility where 
his cousin, 45-year-old Angelo Buono, Will in 
custody. 

A sherif/'s spokesman described security at the 
scene as "adequate." Reporters had been informed of 
Bianchi's pending arrival, but authorities placed an 
embargo on the information until Bianchi was out of 
the helicopter at a parking lot near the jail, and 
entered a waitiOiI black and white police car. 

Buono was arrested at his C.;Ienrl,-!e home Friday 
after Bianchi pleaded guiky in Bellingham, Wash. to 
two strangling there. He was expected to plead guilty 
to the five first·degree murder charl(es against him. 

A complaint filed by the dilltrict allorner's olfi(:e 
here charges Buono with 10 of the Hill,ide Strangler 
slayinHs. ~ 

·Princess .' Pic.keted 
SAN FRANCISCO - Princess ' Margaret 

returned yesterday to a city she enjoyed 14 years 
ago, but this time her subdued arrival was marked by 
the shouts of Irish demonstrators. 

The smilin!( princess was escorted in close security 
from her limousine into the Fairmont on famed Nob 
Hill amid chanting from about 15 demonstrators. 

"Brits out of Ireland, " demonstrators chanted from 
behind ropes, "Ireland for the Irish!" 

Although the initial group of protestors wall not 
considered large, Shamus Gibney, a spokesman lor 
the Irish Northern Aid orgnization here, sHid there 
mighl be other protests during her stay. 

.. he ccllled the Irish pigs. This is no mere slip of the 
longue," Gibney said. 

EYE GlASSES/CONTACT LENSES 
Student Special SOFT CONTACT LENSES 

1$99 pal, or 2 pair $139 

BOO"-
& 
SOLE 

Wecany 
a fUll line of 

rumlng apparel 

Helena RubInstein 
Of PIerre CCIIdIn 

Glosses 
plus 'free' stvtish rimless designed s~nglasses 

539.95 .lIc;Jlue [rcluded tr~e with YQur contact purchase 
NORlH COUNTY 

Medical Dentol Center 
9855 Erma Rood. Suite 107 

LoJolla 
Regular $89,95 list 
reduced sar. to Iifii). 
$49.95 CQI'Tl)Iete ~ 

Dr. Alan H. l_nthal, 0 .0 , 1-15 & M ira MEI60 Rood Exit 
7703 Fay Ave. 
454-1535 

Pacific leach 
1160 Gamet 
270-9668 

.. ______________ ..... 566·9900_. 

~ Good St~dent Discount 
~ foreign Students 

~ Out-of-State Licenses , : i II / ~ No One Refused ~(i, \ ~ t : 
L...-.or-------I ... ," ~\ ~ F 

__ ..-::~r "'r"'" .~ __ 

ONE STOP SHOPPING WITH OVER ~~~ 
25 MAJOR COMPANIES 

CSE 
e"'n .. .. IItVtC ••• "'0 ...... 

INSURANCE 

CALL ANYTIME 

293-3763 
e 

IIIIS 

STUDENTS 
Married or Single 

Ages 18 and Over, 
Driver Training Credit 

Credit for Prior 
Insurance on 

Parents Policies 

2423 CAMINO DEL RIO SOUTH S,O, 
SUITE 112 1-8 AT TEXAS STREET 

HALLOWEEN 
HARBOR CRUISE 

November 2nd 
830-10:30 

Tickels 
S4.oo per person 

COSTUMES A MUST! 
lickets on sale Oc tober 23 

at the Box Office 

'l 
~ 

DC 
SO 

CATHOUC 
COMMUNITY 

MONDAY, 7:30 PM 
Workshop on: 

Journal Keeping-
A Way into Prayer 
at Church Lounge 

TUESDAY, 9:30 PM 
Backgammon Party 

and d iscussion ot Pope's 
visit 

at Church Lounge 
sponsored b y 

Catholic Student Union 



4 

Nurses Vote Down Walkout 
Continued {rom /)aile I 
to all of their demands," 
commented Early. "We've 
been bargaining in good faith 
since the talks began (on June 
1 ), and will continue to do so." 

Some RNs, though, are 
. "suspicious of the hospital'~ 
sudden change of attitude, 
said Carrabine. "They're 
afraid the h05pital will try to 
backtrack in bargaining 
talk5." 

Thus, the CNA has 
scheduled to meet with the 
.RNs in two weeks to mscullS 

progress of the negotiatiuns, . 
he said. "If the nurses leel we 
haven't made any progress, 
we will move again to pr pare 
for a strikl' ." 

Abortion Rights 
Continued from page 1 
on the issue again. 

UCSD has become 
'involved in the question 
because of a lawsuit against 
the university which asks that 
Registration Fees not be used 
to fund health center coverage 

'for abortion. 

Candidates in .Forum 
Candidates for the San Diego City Council will meet at a 

public forum tonight at 7 :'30 pm at the Florence School 
auditorium (3914 First Ave.) The Second, fourth, Sixth, and 
Eighth district seats wiD be filled in next month'5 elections, and 
candidates lrotn all the5C di5tricts are expected. They will 
debate issues and answer questions from the audience. The 
forum is sponsored by the Hillcrest-Mission Hills 
Improvement Association_ 

Clc io'flu,' ) 'I$. .. n 'JI T 
The Daily Guardian 

i:\~~ ;~: 1')0 I ",' r. i\.~ 
Monday Oct. 22, 1979 

Parking Fine Increase Will 
Add Revenue Eventually 

25% Increase Delayed by Printing Error 
By Davin Seirer 

UCSD will benefit only belatedly from a new 
law that increases parking ticket fines. 

Fines for meter violations have tripled, and 
parking in front of a fire hydrant or in a red zone 
twice as much. 

But a snafu in the city's parking citations 
office caused the old dollar amounts to be 
printed on the new tickets, costing the city 
several thousand dollars and benefitting a 
group the Section Supervisor at the City 
Treasurer's office calls "just lucky ." 

UCSD used the incorrect citations for a 
month, according to campus police Sergeant. 
Clark Martin. 

Now that the sysem has been implemented 
properly, the law will increase UCSD's annual 
revenue from parking fines about 25 percent -

from $60,000 to $75,000, according to Larry 
Barrett, director of housing and food services 
here . 

That is if the police department hands out its 
usual 3,000 tickets a month, a figure Martin 
says holds steady almost every year . 

Fifty percent of the revenue collected from 
parking fines at UCSD !toes to the city and the 
other half belongs to the school. 

By law, the revenu.e must be used to help 
develop and fund alternative sources and the 
Coast Cruisers, for example, are partly 
financed by parking fines, Barrett says. 

The fine increase was necessary, Section 
Supervisor Connie Fedelli says, because "prior 
to the increase, it was cheaper, in most cases, to 
pay the fines , than it was to park in a private 
lot." 

the facts 
from the 

Finance ior. 

We've been studying 
banking for a long ·time. And 
our Consumer Information 
Reports can make it easier for 
you to learn, too. 

These helpful pamphlets cover 
a wide variety of financial subjects. 
[ncluding "Ways to Finance an 
Education;' "HCMI to Prepare a 
Personal Financial Statemen~' 
"RightS and Responsibilities: Age 18;' 
''A Guide to Checks and Checking;' 
and more. They're free at any Bank 
of America branch. 

And through our Money 
Convenience System~ we offer a 
wide variety of services you'll find 
useful. Including College Plan'll> 
checking for just $1.00 a month for 
the nine-month school year. And 
Instant Cash, to help you establish 
credit while you're still in school. 

It's available to students 
of sophomore standing 
or higher who qualify. 

At Bank of America, 
we keep on learning. And what 
we leam, we share- in our 
free Consumer [nfonnation Reports 
and our many convenient services. 
So stop in and get to knCMI The 
Finance Major, and get to know 
easier student banking. 

m BANKOFAMERICA 

~-H. 
KllPUIN 

EduCltioul Centlr 
CMt DI" lY." ..... WI.IIt" •• 

2180 Garnet 
Pacific Beach 

270-6810 
CLASSES 

ON 
CAMPUS 

Centlls In More Thin 10 MllOr 
US CltllS, puerto Rico, Toronto, 
Canldl a lUlano, Switzerland 

OUtside NY st.te 
CALL TDLL FlU: 100·223-"12 

WANTED: 

Classified Ad Person 
Receptionist 
to work for 
The Daily Guardian. 
Apply in person 
at our offices in 
the Student Center. 

Monday Oct. 22, 1979 The Daily Gual'dian 

V-ball No Longer Unbeaten 
By David Goetz strai!,(ht, with scores of 15-10, 

The . women 's volleyball 15·4. and 15·12. 
team's five -game winning The 'T'riton's 5-0 record was 
streak came to an abrupt end smashed, however, by Azusa 
this weekend, as they fell to Pacific , who was also 
Azusa Pacific and Biola. undefeated going into the 

'Ihey began the week witha makh. UCSD just didn' t have 
win Tuesday against USIU the same spark as Azusa shut 
and then defeated Point Lorna them out,three games to none. 
College Wednesday in three The Triton squad didn't expect 
'---. --1M Mortals -------, 

Women Win Floor Hockey 
By Tim Liotta 
Staff Writer 

The first autumn chill swept uver campus this weekend, 
quietly reminding students that summt~ r is It!aving. 'Ihough 
the coming of fall and winter means only a slight dip in the 
mercury and sum showers. sports will muve of the stadium 
fields into the sports arenas. 

l:3asehall is over, football has reached its halfway point. 
and now the indoor games have begun. NHA basketball 
adion has been gelling lots uf ink in the local press this 
month. . 

Meanwhile, the other winter game has sturted with much 
less attention here in San Diego. l' lockey has h'Town in 
popularity in Southern California over the past few years. CIS 
more youngsters take to the ice with the same enthusiasm 
Esposito and even Gordie Howe have sharpened their 
skates and hegun imother season chasing the Stanley Cup. 

UCSD has a Stanley Cup of its own and six wed floor 
hockey teClms are out to win it. As the Montreal Canadians 
defend their NIIL Cup, the Manrh~ster Pu(khandlers 
Unlimited defend their UCSD Cup. 

The Puckhandlers are captai ned hy Chris Armour, a 
quiet. wnfident leader who has left the talking up to their 
outspoken goaltender Ron Neef. The Puck handlers are the 
rist priority on the schedules of the othlc'r five teams who 
hOPl' to knock thcm off their dlilmpionship course. 

'Illcre is another team which hems scrutiny as a serious 
contl'ntier for this year's Cup . " is It t\ Penalty to CUIll Into 
the Crease". It is a penalty . hut tht, tPill1l dOl'sn 't need to hl' 
there. 'Ihey can s(ore from everywhere else. In its first game 

Please turn ta page 8 

to win because Azusa Pacili( 
is highly ranked in the league. 

In the Saturday's makhup. 
UCSD was on(e again edged 
out hy Biola College. 'Ille 
Tritons won the first game 15-
9. but l:3iola came hack to grab 
the next three gclmes 15-6, 15· 
13, and 15-11. 

UC D ' s coac h Dou!,( 
Dannevik mentioned that his 
team "lacked aggressiveness" 
and that they need to he more 
"sound fundamentally" to win 
their games. 11leir serving 
skills also need work as many 
crucial points ended up in the 
net during the serve. 

Dannevik remarked on how 
well the team rebounded after 
the loss to Azusa. 'The UCSD 
volleyball team had more 
finesse, was well corrdinated, 
and should have beaten Biola . 
Biola slaughtered a weak 
UCSD team last year, and 
Biola's coach said he was very 
much impressed with the 
Tritons' improvement since 
then. 

Several standout players 
created unusual enthusiasm 
among the spectatoJ"S . It 
seemed that Ann Ishihara was 
constantly diving to the floor to 
keep the ball in play. Beth 
Prather stunned the spectators 
with her precision serving . She 
put the ball where there wasn't 
a defender, which gave the 
UCSD crew several quick, 
easy points. Most impressive. 
though. were the defensive 
talent of Elaine Bergman and 
Sherre Lilley. 

Losses to Azusa Pacific and Biola ended the women'. Vollelrballl 
team's undefeated record. t." ......... " .. ~ .. I .. , .... ~ .. , ..... 

NFL Results 
San Diego 40, Los Angelea 16 

Tampa Bay 21, Green Bay 3 
, Dallas 22, St, Louis 13 

Cleveland 28, Cincinnati 27 
Minnesota 30, Chicago 27 
San Francisco 20, Atlanta 15 
New York Jets 28, Oakland 19 
Washington 17, Philadelphia 7 
New England 28, Miami 13 
New Orleans 17, Detroit 7 
Seattle 34, Houston 14 
New York Giants 21, Kansas City 17 

last time your 
phono cartridge 

turntable 
had a tune-up? 

(Bring In your 
turntable and 
magnetic 
cartridge 
of any make.) 

Cartridge Ctlnlc 

During the clinic the following 
tests will be performed: Sat., Oct. 27 

10-4 
• Cleaning and inspecllon of the stylus 
• Turntable speed 
• Arm balance and stylus 

tracking 'orce 
• Phlle check 
• Channel balance 
• Channel separation 
• Antlskltlng 
• Trackabllltv 
All of our In 
stock will 

158 So. Solana HUla Dr .• 
Solana Beach 

~81 - 1~51 

(Solana Beach Store Only) 

With each cartridge 
purchase you ' will re-
ceIve a FREE $6 
record preener. 

.. 

I 



8 I" II,' I The< Daily Guardian 

Entertainment 
Sunday throUJh Thunda,. 

8:30 . 11:00 pm • Why Not Here? Revelle', own Coff~ House. Sunday 
and Thunciay are V.G', night.. Tueaday i. Backgammon Tournament 
night. Wednelciay it Live Entertairvnent night. Each and every llIII~t we offer 
aPorted col_ and teas by Pamikan, hot chocolate, sub sandwIChes and 
haP. with <.-heeie or butter. Revelle South Dining Hall. 

WHAT'S ON 
T=.~ . Atomic Cafe; The Music ~partment. pre.ents. a forum for L... _______________________ --, 
innovative work, by ,tudent. from vanous dil(.,p~nes. Recital HillI, no 
admiuion. 

W=~ V.G.', and coffee at the Illael A<.1ion Committee's Coffee H~ in the Revelle FormaVldormai ~ge .. Guest speaker is. David 
Nuubeum on "lllael', lmase in the U.S . . For IIlfo call 452·3616. 

8:00 • Wedneaday Evenings at the Ma~Y111e Center presents. 
ANllUfNY BRAXTON, inventive saxaphonllt. One of the ~lIt 
adventUl"OUl pioneers in modem jazz. Admiuion: Gen. $4.50; Seruor 
Cit;-III $2.50; SIucIenU $1.50. ' MandeyjJ,~ Auditorium. . . 

8:00. 12:00 pm. "The Halloween Hop (DanCe). Live D.J . . Sem,.Li.ve 
millie. Drinks· Costume Contest · Prizea. Sppnaored by T.C.P.B.]b,rd 
CoIege Snack Bar. S 1.00 admiuion without costume. . .-:--_-':",7 

10/22 
-

10/28 

'Lectures/ 
Discussions 
~Y pm . SPECIAL BIq<:HEMISTRY SE~INAR. "DN~ 
Hybridization Studies 01 Evoluhonary Rate ilnd AVian Phylogeny . 
S ker : Dr. Charles G. Sibley. Department of Ornithology, Peabody 
M:eum of Natural Hiltory. Yale" University. New Haven, COM . Location: 
Urey Room. Urey Bldg. 2102. 

T~NtRACEPTIVE EDUCATION SESSION: Informal discussion. All 
must alend to receive birth control servicell and men are eocouraued to attend 
aa well. No appointment necessary. located in the conference room lit the 
UCSD Student Health Center. 

W~aay Se ' " ' n.._ Che . t f Ma ' S " Spe' I: r ' Dr urrmltry mlnar: I ne mil ry 0 . nne ponlles. aKe.... 
D. John Faulkner. ScriPPII Inat. 0/ Oceanography. UCSD. 104 1111rd 
CoIle"e lecture Hall. 

CONTRACEPTIVE EDUCATION SESSION. Informal discussion . All 
mUlt attend to receive birth control services and men are eocouraged to 
attend as well. No appointment necessary, located in the confereoce room at 
the UCSD Student Health Center. 

6:30 pm . Come hear David Nus»baum speak on "Israel's Image in the 
U.S." At the I.A.C. Coffee House in the Revelle Formal/lnlormal Lounlle. 
V.G. " and coflee will. be served . For info call I.A.C. at 452·3616. 

Thuraday ... . 

8:00 . 12:00 pm . Halloween Daoce and Party October 31st, at 3827 
Utah Street in North Park. Daoce to the mwic of King Biswit Blues Band . 
Door prizes, no host har. Mixed drinks · beer, wine availabl~~. Foord is 
iocluded in ticket price. This is a lund raiser to stop San Onofre: I iCkets.'lre 
now on sale lor $5.00 per person. For on and ofl campus hcket mformahon . 
please contac:l David Piper. your Clean EnerlfY Contact for UCSD al 271· 
4248 belore 10:00 pm or C.E.A.N. (Community Energy Action Network ) 
at 236·1684 anytime. You must be 21 or over. Wear a costume II you have 
one. and bring a friend . North Park Clubhouse. 3927 Utah Street. 

Thursday 
. 5 :00 pm . Student Dinner ($1.00) at 

5 :00 pm . Student Dinne.r ($1.00) at Un!v. L.utheran Churc.h Lounge. 
across street from Rt!velle College at the Uruverslty Lutheran Chur~h . 

8:00 & 10:00 pm . Movie (Gene Wilder Film Series) "Siver Streak" 
S"'O "'A"'P Presents . Admission $1.50. 

Friday 
7:30 pm · Free movie. "Phantom of the Opera", with Lon Chaney. and 

f1Opc·om. Location: University Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive. just west 01 Revelle College. , . . . 

8:00. 9 :30 & 11 :00 pm . Movie : "Frenzy', Alfred 1IIlchcock al hiS hnest. 
Get into the spirit of Halloween. USB 2622. shows at 8:00, 9:30and II :00 
pm . Free·Flite Presents. Admission $1.50: 

Meetings 
Montlay R . C . (ARC) 2 '00 pm . 'I'hird Coflege Affirmative Action etentlon omnllllee 
Meeting All interested studenb welcoml!. Location: Center for the People . 

3:00 . pm . IMPORTANT ISRAEL ACTION ~OMMnT~E 
MEETING. We will discUlili upcoming events. Any questions. call 452· 
3616 or RoI>by at 755·6425 . Rev~1e Formal(lnfc;>rmal Lounl/e . . 

3 :00 pm • Israel Action Committee meeting In the Revelle Inlo"!,al 
Lounl(e. Come help us plan the upcoming ColIl!t! House and Speaker Senes. 
New people and ideas welcome. 

Th.y ' All 6:00 pm every Tuesday . Warren College Commuter Board. 
interested welcome to attend·. Warren CollegeA05A. 

6;30 pm • Outing Club Meetin!!, Re<.' . Gym ConI. Roo~ . . 
7:30 pm . Map and Comya85 Seminar. Learn the bUSieS 01 Wilderness 

navigation . Rec Gym Conf Room. 

Wednetday . . ' 
9:00 am . 'I'hird College Orientation Committee M~hng . . Help t!valuate 

Welcome Week and plan our ongoing ilnd luture onentahon prolfrums. 
Location: Center lor the People . 

12:00 noon · Third College Commuter Board fint meetinlf of the Yeu~. All 
students who live ofl,ampus and are interested in imprOVing the qUidlty c;>1 
life he re at UCSD for commuters are most welcome to attend! We ure sull 
re.:ruitinu new board members. Center lor .the . People. , . . 

4 :00 pm . There will he an URSDO meehnll'" the URS Dept. Conlerent:e 
Room on M.e. Everyone is welcome . 

OASIS TARGET STUDY 
every hour on the hour from 

1I1(JII1IIIl stnuCIIOfi available. Call 452·2284 
mOll. natIOn. Services are free . Writing 
grall'lll~ punctuation . 
VVnl"-.A' oilers free service for a ll UCSD 

n,..' .w,nl"," on drafts and editing advice . 
writing problem. Call 452· 

or drop in USB 4070 8:30 · 
and Sundays, 6;00 . 8:00 

internships. POSTED IN THE 
OFFICE. GET ON YOUR 

Student Cetner, Career PlaMing 

. ARE YOU WITHOlIT A 
PLANNING AND 

FOR ONE OF THE 
IWItJN~ AT ~SO. BId,. B., Student 

9:00 • 4:00 - On·Campus 
in Career Planning, Student 

2 :00·3:00 pm . WORRIED 
YOUR FUTURE JOB? Retail 
about careers from two 
Sponsored by: Career PRo,n";." 
Humanities & Social Sciences 

3 :00 . 4 :00 pm . Pre· 
Humanities & Social Sciences 
Sciences Career Adviser . 3:00· 
at Career Planning and 

3 :00 . 4 :30 pm (meets 
and then last or purge vOIUrSlell 
reduce your food inta to 
endangers you health? If so. 
Levens at Ext. 3755 lor detail s 
Provost's Office. 

4:00 . 5: 15 and runs thru 
and women undergraduate 
more confident and , ·~~I,,,b,hl., 
and interacting with others 
Office. CoU Yolanda at Exl. 
Tllesday GRADUATE? 
SESSIONS. Informal advising 
P1aMinl( & Placement. 

9:00 . 12:00 . On-Campus 
Student Center., Bldg. B . 

9:00·4:00 - On.Campus 
Career Planning. Student 

10:00 .am . RESUME . 
SESSIONS for Humanities & 
and develop your perlOnal joh 

Thursday 
7 :00 I'm . UCSD Surf Cluh iI 

Everyhudy ;lI wdcome. HSS :11 
7:()() pm • Surfinlf Clull iI~ 

n1t!mbers. Attention! Surfinlf (lim 
a I lot One!. USK :i070. 

Frida 4:(~ pm • Cenerill Meetin~ 10 
MTF 274 . 

with US Marine Colp. Drop in. 

NCR, Scripps Ranch. Sign up 
B. 

RECESSION AFFECTING 
,ap"ment is still booming . Find out 

with 1ne Broadway. 
.J'UUCIIl Center. Bldg. B., 

. Inside information and tips on 
by the Humanilies & Social 
Monday 01 recruiting season 

Center. Bldg. B. 
Problems Group. Do you binge 

Do you sometimes stop eating or 
either you or others feel this 

lor you. Call facilitator Miriam 
. Loca ted at the Warren College 

Training Group. for men 
For students desiring to be 

initiating conversations 
. Revelle Counselor 

to sign up. 
SnlOOL ADVISING 

Bldll . B .. Student Center, Cart!er 

US Marine Corps. Crop. ln, 

majors. Review. brainstorm 
Student Center .. Bldll . B. 

Film .. Pat'ilk Vibrations . 

M .. ndillory lor team 
nlnnot he disdosetl, hut it is 

Everyone Welcome! 

12:00 noon · Introductory Lecture on the I ransendt!ntal Med'tu~on 
Program. A simple, naturw technique for the un~oldment 01 !ull potential . 
Learn to enjoy creativity, intellij(eoce. hUPPlneu and lOner peace . 
Gamerooom, ConI. Room. Free!! 

4:00 pm . Prolessor Anthony Yu. Prolessor 01 Relillion and uteniture .lhe 
Divinity School, and member of the Committee on Social Thoul(ht. the 
Univt!risty of Chicago. will present a cliscussion 01 Thl! IJrl!um (If Ihl! Rl!d 
Chumb!!r. Revelle Formal Lounlle. 

Religious 
Frida 

Bio!hemiatry Seminar: "Structure and Topo!(raph of R~)OliOmal RNA". 
Speaker: Dr. Harry Nofler. Dept . of Biology, UC Santa Cruz, 211J() Husic 
St:ieoce Hldj(. 

Saturday 
10;00 um . Introduction to Silk·Screeni"ll Study Group. Meetinl/ weekly. 

this IlrouP will explorl! the use of silk.screening as an int;xpensive and 
"II~tive medium lor. political and c~ltural e~rreulon. People. s own prn~· ts 
\\,111 be used aa learnlOil examples. l'here Wli a small fee to cover n1<lterlills 
Ullt'(l. Location: Groundwork Hooka. Silln up at Groundwork . 

Monday C . " . h . I th "I I od 'h'on 8:0" pm • ·Christ and the New reahon. lilt e topt<: . or . e n r uc 
to the Christian Faith" semillClr. with ht~r Hernle Campbell . ~t the 
University Lutheran Church. 9595 1...11 Jollit Shores Dr. and North I urrey 
Pil1t!s ROi.d . 

Tuetday . CL.. • . I t' Trident Christian Fellow .... ip. Intervarslly .... pter . 1\ Spet:1II mee 101( •. , 
for lun at the Fonnul Lounl(e. . ." .. 

12:()O noon · "auckelol Hemlin" by Jilckie '1 olley, "Portrillt~ ul hllth 
· serie~. Rt!vellt! Fumlal LounMe. 

Wednesday . 
6 :30 pm . Israel Adion Cornmittt!e i~vite8 you ~o a Cofll~ ~.I~1I1k Il'atunlll( 

David Nusshaum lIpt!i1kinM on "I,ruel I Ima!(e In tilt! U.S. In. tht: Revdk· 
FormaVlnfornlill Loun!(e. V.G.'s and mlfee Will Ix' llerved. for Info, ~aH 
45~ ·:i616. 

Friday 
t 2;()O noon . C.lvary Chal'.-I 

.wdcome. Come sit with u." ill 
Student Center. 

Saturday 
!'j:IN) pm (evt'ry w ... .'k) · Co 

Sunday 
X: :iO Iml . l' .. tholit· MIIII~ ullht' 
t ();()II ani • Lutht·mn 11 .. 11 .. "",1' 

University I.lItllt'mn Church. 

Iherall Chun'h (cVI'ry "",,,·k I. 
lealll",,, l ·atholit· Cru,,"'lin 

6l11on. University Luth • .'rm'l 
Drive. 

Kevin MUlln ... 
lllurch, next to 

I 1):311l11ll . (t.'wry wet-k "",,[,,,~,,"ur<'h I ,cJUIII(t' . 
!'i:(NI pm . (every wt't-k I vt'r~ity Lutheran Chun·h. 

The Guardian. ) 

Services 
10:00· noon · Career Hours for Physical and Enllineering Scinces Meljors 

are avuilahle on iI drop.in bilsis to help wilh your carl!t!r and job.hunting 
concerns. Come by at any time convenient to you. 5229 Urey Hall. 

12:00· 1:00 - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING SESSIONS. 
Inlormal advising meetings for Hwnilnities and Social Sciences Students' to 
explore occupations possibilities. Sponsored by: SEED Career Advising. 
Humanities & Social Sciences, Muir College. Muir ConI. Rm (Old Fish 
Bowl). 

1:00 . 3:00 pm - Career Hours for Physical and Engineering Sciences 
Majors are available on a drop.in basis to help with your career and job· 
hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to you. 2132 Urey Hall. 

2:00 -STRESS RfDUCTION: Coping with your academic a nd 
personal .Ira.!! Guelt .peaker: Dr. Phil Raphael, Playback Center 
Instructional Room. 

3:30 . 415 (runs for five consecutive weeks)· Goal Setting and 
Overcoming Procraatination Group. This group is aimed at helping students 
develop procedures for effective goal setting and attainment. The group will 
locus on specific , practical ways of overcoming inertia and procrastination 
which hinder the ahievement of previously set goal •. The workahop will be 
held in the Revelle Counselor's Office, Revelle Campus. Hugh Pates. 
lacilitaor. Call Yolanda at Ext. 3490 to sign up. 

7:30 pm - "What is Osteopathy? " wilh Dr. Sol Lizerbra.m. With 
presentation 01 A.O. lilm, The Olher Doclor. Location - HL auditoriwn . 
WEONESDAY-

CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING SESSIONS. Informal advising 
meetings lor Humanities ilnd Social Scinces Students' to explore 
occupational possibilities . Come to Warren Provost ConI. Rm. 

9:00 . 4:30 - On·c.ampus Interview tihe GTE Sylva nia . Sign up iun 
Career Planning. Student Center. Bid". B. 

9 :00 . 4:30 - On.Campus Interview with InterllCltional Rectifier .. 
Semiconductor Division . Sign up in Career Planning. Student Center. Bldg. 
B. 

10:00 . 12!30 . UCSD Career Connection Workshop. "Discover your 
Hidden Skills and Connect them to Possible Occupations." Sign.up in t~e 
Career Planning and Placement Ollice. Studt-nt Center. Bldg. B. 

2:00 . 3:00 . CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING SESSIONS. 
Informul advising mt!etings for Humanities and Social Scieoces Students' to 
explore occupational possibilities. Spon~red by : SEED CAreer Advising , 
Revelle College. Provosts ConI. Rm. 
rnURSDAY 

9 :00 - TEACHER PLACEMENT AND EDUCATIONAL CAREER 
ADVISING PROGRAM. Educational career counseling and advice 
concerning career olJjectives. alternative careers, supply and demand of 
t!ducational positions, job.huntinll strategies and prolessional problems. 
Assistance in establishing and mainta ining placement files to be forwarded to 
educational institutions. Sponsored by: Career Planning and Placement, 
Educational Career Services. Student Center. Bldg. B. 

9 :00 . 4:00 - On·Campus Interview with Burroughs Computer systems 
Group. Silln up in CAreer Plilnning. Student Center. Bldg. B. 

10:00 am - RESUME CRITIQUING AND JOK HUNTING 
SESSIONS FOR ENGINEERING & PHYSICAL SCIENCES MAJORS. 
Sponsored hy : Career Planning & Placement. Enlfineering and Physicul 
Sciences Advisor . Kldg. B. Studtmt Center. 

10:00 . II :()() - C.rt!er Hours lor Physicill and Engineering Sciences 
majors are uhililble on iI drop·in bijsis to help with your career and job. 
hunting concerns . Come by at uny time convenient to you . Conierence 
Room . CAreer Planning. 

12:00 . 1:0" . CAREER PATHFINIJERS ADVISING SESSIONS. 
Inlormal ildvising meetings lor Ilumanities and Social Sciences to explore 
()('Tup<ltional possibilities . Sponsored by SEED Carl!t!r Advising, Humilnities 
and Sociw Scieoces. 'I'hird College. Hldg. 412. Warren College, Rm. 13. 

2:00 pm . GRADUATE/PROFESSIONAL SCHOOL ADVISING 
SI::SSIONS. Informal advilling ml!t!tings, Bldg. B .• Student Center. 

2:00·4;00 pm . Career Hours lor Physical and Engineering Scinces 
majors are available on :I drop.in basis to help with your career ilnd job. 
hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to you. 

3:00 pm - RESUM'E CRrrlQUE & JOB SEARCH ADVISING 
SESSIONS for Humanities & Social Sciencell majors. REview, brainstorm 
and develop your personal job strategies. Bldg. B. Student Center. 

3:00 . 4:30 pm -(Organization meeting to determine on'lIoing time) 
Weil{ht Management Group - To help students find way to modify eating 
hclbits and de.velop lIUpport system. to achieve and maintain weight 
reduction. The Ifoal of thill IfrOuP is to develop new habits and methods that 
can IcUil a lifetime. Diane Evans. lacilitiltor. Call Becca at Ellt. 3755 to sign 
up . Group meets ilt 412 Warren Campus. 

3:0() . 4:30 pm . Graduate Women in ScierlCe and Engineering Group. 
'I'his onl(oinlf support I(roup for Ifraduate women in scieoce and engineering 
will meet weekly to explore ill8ues and awurt!nesses of these fields iii they 
relate to our lives . Miriam l.A'vens, lacilitator. Meets at 412 Warren Campus. 
Call llet:cil ilt Ext . 3755 to si!(n up . 

4:IKI . 5 :31) pm . Older wumen's Gruup . 'I'his is'In onlfoinll support !(roup 
lor undergraduate and Ifraduate women .tu<knt» who are 24 or over. 'Ihe 
I/roup will nletlt weekly tu srum' ilnd explore n>rTIIIIOn issues and cont'erns 
and d.·vl'lup our awareness of ourlil.~ves ilS wooten and as ~lt!rsons. Cunt'll"t 
Judy ilt EXt. :i755 10 !!iun up . Ml!t!ts ill 412 Warren Campus. 

7:()O pm - Pn' Mt'(lltlp .':icssion for Fr.·shlllen & SlIphullIore. Fin<lo"l 
the !lent'ts .. I surn'""I,,1 ul)plinlnh<. Mr. M · Craw Exl. :i75t1 ur Kent . 45:i · 
XK4ti . III. A'KlituriulII . 

FRIDAY 
~I:(MI . 4:(NI 1)111 • Oil ('mnl)U~ Intt'rvk'w wilh I.Ul" klll'<'(1 Mi ll.~ill·. Sign up in 

CHn"'r P~lIInin!(. SIUllt'nt .C,·"It·r. Bkill . B. 
111:00 illll . GRAIJUATE/PROFESSIONAI. SCIIIX)1. AI>VI!,;ING 

SESSIONS. IlIlmll",1 H<lvillin!( IIk .... hnIlK . Bldll . B. Studt'llt Ct'ntt'l". Cart.'t·r 
1'IIIIIV.inu &: Plllt,(·II .. 'nt. 

, ,., 7 

II :()" am - RESUME CHITIQUE & JOB SEAHClI ADVISING 
SI·: 'S IONS for Ilulilanilie~ & SO"iill S.: i"Ill.·es Majms. Review. bminstorm 
and clt·velol' your Ill'rSonil l ~jh slmi,·gies . Bld~ . B. Student Cl'Il(t!r. 

4::10 . 6::m pm (mecls \\',>,>kly) - Bla"k Millt·/Fl'IIliIl .. ReI.ilionships 
Group. Phyllis ElilO'" ul OASIS il ild Phil Rilphilcl c~ Counllelinl( & 
PsydlOlngical Sc'rvin's , lacilitators . In"'rt'sl"d students <'all Phil un Ext. 

:~tI]5 fur mure inlorlililtiun ilnd lu sign up. I..oc:atiun : Vice t'haocdlor's 
Cunl,·n·I ... ' · H(H'IIl. Slucll'llt C,·nt,·" Bklg. H 

Sports/ 
Recreation 

Monday 
3:00 pm . Mt!n's Suect!r Vii . USIU. UCSD Muir Field . No ildmission. 
4:(N.)·5:00 pm . Korean Kurute Clull nletlls in the North Bctlcony, Main 

Gym. Welcomes new members. 
4:0()·6:(KI pm . Tillble Tennis Club meets loday. Please join us lor open 

play. St.nts at4;O() pm. Ml!t!ting to form dub at 5:00 pm. Ret: ConI. Room. 
Rec. Gym . 

4:00,6:00 pm . Gymnastics Club Meets in tlte South Billcony. Main Gym. 
Open Gymnastics . 

5:00·6:00 pm . Karate Club meets daily. in the North Kulcony. Main 
Gym. 

5:()()· 7:00 pm· Yoga Club Mt!eting. AcI<lplive Room. Main Gym. Dues. 
6:30 pm . Jazz lJanc:e Club. J"u Daoct! Perfomlact! Oa88. North 

Bakony, Milin Gym. Dues. 
ti ::~O·X:OO pm . Aikido Qub Practice Session. Wrestlinlf Room, Main 

Gym. 
X;OO pm . Israeli Folk Duoce Cluhmeets lordaocinl(. EVt!ryone welcOlJM!!! 

Ret". ConI. Room. Ret:. Gym. 

Tuesday 
3:30 pm . Won .... n·s Field Hockt!y vs. Cal Slate Fullerton. crCSD Muir 
~ield . 

4:()"· ti:(K) I'm . Gymnastics Cluh Meets dilily in the South Bi~cony lor 
open recreation. 

4:3()·6:00 pm . Ultimatt! Frisbee Club practies on Revelle Field 
5 :0() pm . Judo Club meets todilY in the Wrestling Room. 

• 11:00 pm . Women's Volleyball vs. USIU. UCSJ) MOlin Gym. Fret!. 
6 ::30 pm . Outing Cluh Mt!eting in the Ret:. ConI. Room. Welcomes new 

members. Dues. 
7:00 pm . Tucllday's Potpourri host" a wel!kly workshop series lor the 

UCSD community 7:0()·1O:00 pm. 'I'his is co.sponsOFt'd hy Warre n College 
ilo<l Campus Hecreation . 5()( per j>erson. Come hy the Cilmpus Rec. Office 
lor more inlonllation on locution or il you would like mnr" inlo on luture 
wurkshops . L()("ation: TBA. 

Wednesday 
4 :(K) pm . U.lcrosse Cluh Pral"lic:e todilY 4 :00·fi:()() pill Mondays, 

WednesdilYs. Fridays. Me ... s in lront of the Cilmpus' Ret:. Oflice. 
4:0()·6:()() pm . Gymnastics Club meets loday. Soulh Balcony . 

5:(K). i:O() pm . YOlfil Club met!ts today in the Ad..pliw ROllm. Main 
Gym. Dues. _ 

ti:IN.)·9:(N) pm . Ballroom/Disco lJaoce Cluh I'resents instruction is 
Ballroom Daoce Wednesdays. Beginning al fi:!K)· 7:30. Intern.ediate . 7:30· 
9:00 pm in the Ret". ConI. Ruom. Rec. Gym. Requires dub dUel of $10.00. 

6:00·9:(N.) pm . JilU Dilnce Clui> spunsors.instruction in he!{inninlt jCla: 
dance at ti :(KI. 7::m pm and intermt.-diilte jail. dance at 7:30·9:IK) pm t!ach 
WednesdilY. Re1luires duh dues 01 $10.00. West Balcony. Main Gym. 

6 ::iO·8:()() pill . Aikido Club meels tonight in Ihe wr~stling room, Main 
ItYm. 

Thursday 
4:(K) pm · I{at'<juethilll Clui> Mt.'eting in the Hec. Cunl. i{uom. Re<: . Gym. 

Also. "Club Night" ill Black Mountilin Rilcquelhall Cluh 9· 11 pm; $2.1N.) per 
pcr~un. Met't at Urey Hall at 8 :30 pm to carpool. 

4:(N.).Il:()O pm . Gymnastics Club ml'ets t(Klay. South Brucony. 
4::m ·6 :()() I'm . Uitillliltt> Frilibee Club has practice tlXlay. Revelle ~ield . 
5:(KI pm . M<>n's SOtTt'r <ll1I1 University Club (scrinlillil!le). UCSIJ Muir 

rll'kl.lree. 
5:(N.) pill . Arhcery Cluh meeting in the Hec. ConI. Roum . 
5:!K) I'm . Judo Cluh meels tuday in the 'Wrestlinl/ Room. Main Gym. 
6 :(K)·!HK) pm . Haliroom/IJisc(J DiII,,:e Clui> "ponsors DiSl:o Danc:e 

instrudion un 'I'hurdays: Bt.'lli nnin~ a t ti. 7 ::~O I'm. Intermediil te at 7:3()·9 
1)111 . Requires duh dues 01 $ )()'(KI. Hec. ConI. Room . 

X:(K). 1O:00 I'm · JUlllf ling Cluh lIIeels in Ihe Wresllinl/Hoom . Main Gym . 

Friday 
2;/N)·3;()() pm . Synchroni/.,-'(I Swimming Cluh pml"lice. UC ' I) Pool. 

Also. nlt. ... ts Sunday. \(I:(NI IIm·nuon . 
4:!K)· ti :(K) pill . GYl1l11ilStics Clul. . South l.iidcony. 
4 :IK)· ti:()O pm . Tahle T"nnis Cluh practicc. R,~·. Cunl. Hoom. 
7:/N) 1)111 • Wonlt'n '" Vullt·yl ... 11 vs. U. Vernt! Collell'· . UC ' I) Main Gym. 

Free. 
7 :00 pili . M",, ',. Wat"q)ulo vs. CSU Los Angeles . UCSI> Natatorium. 

Ir",' . 

,Saturday 
Bud"'t;s'" Scllx'rsporls <':olllpt'lition: 1; 'l><'rson nlCd It'allls (:i lIlen. :i 

wOllk'n) ' ·(')l1Ipd,· in vollcy hil II , Irislll't', trnt'k. I ... skt·thall. tUI/ 'iI,wilr '"111 
"b"t'K·le .... urs,· rill·lnll . Sign "IJ Ihis w,'t'k in till' R<'l·. Gym ()tlice. Hl'vdle 
F"·I(1. 

l j 
, 
, 



8 The Daily Guardian Monday Oct. 22, 1979 
t .- " , 

Soccer Win Prepares for Home Stretch 
By J. Rilby Slilht 

The rain did not seem to 
dampen the Tritons' play 
Saturday afternoon as they 
defeated Southern California 
coUege 4·2. 

The victory upped the 
T ';ton.' record to 6·& 1 for the 
season, and 3·2·1 in Ieal(ue 
competition. 

With onli three game, left 
on the regular sdledule the 
pollibility of a play.off berth 
being awarded to the Tritons 

has improved. This will 
depend , however, on how well 
UCSD peforms on the road 
this week against highly rated 
Biola and Azusa teams, At 
least one of these three teams 
will advan(;e to the NAIA play 
offs. 

Saturday 's game was 
dominated by middle·field 
play , and good hustle , 
showing that UCSD is fit for 
post·season (;ompetition, 

The offense was aggressive', 

Bill l3ulloc:k, Jon Gold, and 
Tobin Sosnic:k played toge ther 
as an unstoppahle unit ; 
passing, striking and driving. 

Early in the gaJTlt!,left wint-{ · 
hac:k Tobin Sosni(;k nossetl 
the ball to rit-{ht wing Jon Gold. 
Gold drove down towards the 
right base line, rehounded, and 
booted in a dired kic:k for the 
first goal. Later in the first ha lf 
Gold s(;ured again, this time 
pi(;king off a defleded shot and 
hooting it past the SCC gualie 

tu make the score 2·0 at the 
.!ncl uf the first half, 

At the beginning of the 
sc(ond half the Tritons .go a 
sc:are when an SCC forward 
broke down the middle and 
s('ured, narrowing the gap to 
2- 1. Tht> t-{oa l seemed to shake 
up the Tritions play until 
Hullock hanued in a 20'Yilrd 
goal which o~(;e more gave the 
Tritons a two -goal lead , 

upper corner of the goal from 
12 yards out. ' Ihilt put UCSt) 
up '4·1 until the final ft>w 
minutes when SCC s(;ored a 
c:unsulatiun goal, ending the 
ua me a t 4-2. 

Cross Country Runners Drown 
In High-Power, Rainy Day Meet 

'Ihe Tritons fou rth goal was 
a rilhter spedadular plilY by 
Susnick a nd Raleigh Bouffard. 
Sosnick lobbed a perfed cross 
pass tu Bouffard, who put in a 
perfed head shot into the 

. Today at :~ pm the Trit ons 
will play their last home game 
uf the season against powerful 
USIU on Muir Field. Coal'll 
Slt>wmt Ilayes admitted that 
''The odds go tu USIU," hut 
quickly added with c:onfi · 
den(.' e, "They are going to 
c:ome in underes timating our 
team, We are very c:apable of 
hea ting them, I know we t:an 
keep ..them fr um getting that 
goal. 

Floor Hockey Key By Barbara Hu. 1be men's and women', 
Croll country teems were 
totally swampedthi, weekend, 
not only by the rain, but also 
by a deluse.of the best athletes 
in !he west in two invitational 
meets Frid.y and Saturday. 

'The women travelled to the 
UCLA Invitational Friday and 
fouftli !he field of ruMers much 
stronger than they had 
anticipated. The UCLA 
runner who - came in first 
shattered !be previous course 
rec:ord with her time of 16:20 
for the three·mile run. The 
swift runner. of the University 0' Oregon croued the finish 
line afler her, all of them allO 
bettering the old mark. 

The first UCSD runner to 
finish, Kelly Geredes, finished 
far back in 85th place out of a 
field of 97 athletes. The 

Tritons (;ouldn't seriously 
compete with girls at the larger 
s<:hools, UCLA, Orego", and 
several University of 
California s<:hools. 

But the tough (;ompetition 
spurred the women to improve 
their times by an average of 
nearly a minute. Coa(;h Andy 
Skief believes Geredes and 
P.atty Farrell, the team 
leaders, may even be eligible 
for their AlA W regional6nals 
later in the season. 

The men fared about as well 
as the women at the Biola 
Invitational Saturday, but 
didn't improve their times in 
the process. Emil ScoHone had 
to drop out of the race after he 
twisted his ankle. 'Ihough he 
will probably be running for 
the team next week, his 
absence Saturday eliminated 
any possibility of a dec:ent 

SAN DIEGO CITY SCHOOLS 
STILL NEEDS TEACHERS ASSISTANTS 

PRHERRED DAILY WORKING HOURS: 
8:30-1 :30 am 

or 
10:00.2:00 pm 

, . 

IMMEDIA TE PLACEMENT 

Drop In for a n Interview 

EDUCATION CENTEI{ 
4100 Nurmal Str >e t 

San Diego, CA !-I~ 10:i 

MondilY, Wednesday, ' lllllrsday 
frolll X:()(}·9::iO am 

or 4:()() pm 

Application fonns available at 

CAREER PLANNING & PLACEMENT 
Huilding 'B', Student Center 

team s(;ore at the meet. 
Emory Mikhell, the first 

UCSD finisher, (;ame in 58th 
of the 80 wmpetitors, and the 
rest of the Tritons finshed 
farther back. Most of the 
runners in the meet were from 
NAIA Division 11 s<:hools, and 
only a few Division III s<:hools 
like UCSD bothered to show 
up. The water·saturated 
c:ourse not only caused some 
athletes to stay out of the race, 
but also slowed the times 
c:onsiderably below the usual 
rate , 
After being beaten s,oundly for 
the fourih straight week, Skief 
tried to analyze this team's 
shortcomings. "The indivi· 
dUllls just dont have experi. 
enc:e in college competition, It 
takes about two years of work 
before you can really get 
good ," he said, 

Continued (rom "aRe 5 
the Penalty easily romped over the Mother Pocke rs 10-2. 
Tuesday night they dominated the Rec: Gym floor as they 
snuffed out Kaos 5·0, movinl( into first place in the early 
AAA stilndings. 

'[he high swring offellsc is led by c:e nter Greg Angelu. 
Angelo, a reformetl ic:e hockey player, makes sweeping 
attac:ks holdint-{ off his defenders with one hand whilt' 
sti(;khandling with the uther, Against Kaos he sc:ored one 
and set up another. 

What's the real key to the "Penalty's" suc:c:ess? "We'Vt' 
t-{ot the best girls in the league," teahl member .Ioe 
Mc: Donald boasted earlier thi s season, 

This (;an be quite a n advantagt' because goals scort'd by 
girls wunt as two points in 1M coed hockey while men's 
goals sc:o re one. Sheri Gibhs, Mi'lfl y Gumbpan, I{uth Jac:ohs 
and Jane Murphy make lip this highl y rt'garded lillt'lip and 
they are all talentt'd players. , 

The Pt'nalty is awai ting their l'hanc:l' to knock off til(' 
Puc:khi\,lldlers with nmtaint'(1 t'n thusiasm, I'.>n" lty ('allt<lin 
Kim Duc:ko must be gelling that Stanley Cup euphoria as 
th .. Jt'iUll hrt't'/'('S throll~h their rl'~ular S('aSOfl s .. h.·d"le . 

Drop in for a free 
personalized styling 

consultation. Come to ClEE Student Travel 
Open MWF 8-12. T/Th 12-4 
in the Student Center 45:)-D(~:1[J-1 

'---,----' 454-3038 

YOU CAN HELP 
THE ~INDOCHINESE REFUGEES 

You have a chance to have a direct impact on the survival 
of thousands-of Indochinese boat people seeking refuge in 

San Diego County by using your skills to help tht'm res~tlle 
in our community. 

For your efforts you will rece ive 16 units of 
academic internship credit and a monthly stipend of 
. $324 plus travel expenses. 

ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
WEDNESDA y, OCTOBER 24th 

4:00-5:30 PM 
IN THE 

NORTH CONfERENCE ROOM 
Of THE 

STUDENT CENTER 

A Bomb Can Be Beautiful 
Apocalypse Now: Breathtaking Failure 

By Ted Burke 
Arts Editor 

"", What I'm gelling at is Ihi s: a native village is 
hum bed and the bomhs happen 10 be beauliful w hen 
Ihey land. In fOCi , il would be odd if all thai sudden 
destruction aia not lihcrate some neauly. The form 
Ihe bomh ,alles in ils explosion may be ."a pic lure of 
the potentia lilies (of the Ihing) it destroyed. So le i us 
accepi Ihe idea that the bomb is beautiful... " 

- Norman Mailer, The Presidential Papers 
The above quotation is vintage Mailer , (;irca 

1963, ex traded from one of the innumerable 
interviews he gave during that period in whic:h he ' 
would frequently advance a wi ld·eyed example in 
order to make a point. 

In fairness to Mailer, I'll admit tha t the passage is 

A'l'l'ENTION!! 

taken out of context from a conversation dealing with 
metaphysic:al matters too thic:k to summarize here, 
and that Mailer does not advocate blowing things lip 
for aesthe ti(; pleasure. The quotation , ihough : 
pinpoints a problem of aes thetic:s visible in Franc:is 
Coppola 's new film , Apocalypse Nuw. In his own 
way, Coppola has ac:(;epted the idea that "the 
bomb is beautifui," and has produ(;ed a Viet Na m 
war film tha t, with a ll its explosions , shrapne l, fire· 
fi ghts, and meaningless death, should be framed and 
ha nged on a museum wall. In many ways, 
Apocalypse N ow is a beautifully rendered work of 
art. Its scale a nd epic qualities are- breathtaking. 
These same qualities prevent Coppola's intended 
magnum opus from being the film it could have been. 

Coppola and s<:reenwriter John Milius take their 

There Is no automatic insurance coverage. 

"Cover 
Your 
Bod" 

E.nroll now 
for 

health insurance. , 

Available from Insurance representative 
at Student Health Services 

Tuesday thru Thursday, 9 am to 2 pm 

All registered students and post docs are eligible. 

UCSD 
Budget Numbers 

accepted 

(;ue from Joseph Conrad's short novel, Heart of 
'Darlmess. A CIA assassin named Willard ( Martin 
Sheen), beset by profound depression as he awaits 
"o ne last assignment" in a seedy Saigon hotel, is 
summoned by the Marine high command. Willard is 
told that a brilliant Special Forces officer named 
Colonel Kurtz (Marlon Brando) has taken his troops 
over into Cambodia a nd has se t up his own cult· 
kingdom in the jungle. 

Willard 's assignmen t is to make hi s way up the 
river, infiltrate Kurtz's (;ult through whatever means 
necessary, and assassinate the Colonel, phrased by 
one officer as "terminate his (;ommand, " Willard, 
characterized in the Milius.Coppola sc: ript as a man· 
of·action whose life has no measure un less he 's 

Please lurn to page 10 

Hughes is news 
We make engineering and scientific history yeor after 
year. like 1976, when five Hughes-developed satellites 

went Into orbit. 
1/ you come to work with us, we'll both make news in 

your home-town paper. 
Help HugheS Aircraft Company make news, And 

electronic miracles, And history, (And no airplanes,) 
Ask your plocement oIIlce when Hughes recruiters will be 

on campus, 

r------------------, 

i HUGHES i 
, , L __________________ J 

Creating a nIIW world WIth .lfI'ctronlC$ 

AN EQUAl OPPORTUNI1Y EMPlOYER M/F 



tt ~1~O ____________________ --~----______ ~tI~- ~i~~,~~~~~~. A~' ~~~'~~P3~~' ~~~ia~n~I ________________________ -=M~0~n=aa~Y~' ,O~C~t~,~22~,=19~7~9 

'Apocalypse Now:' Breathtaking Epic Failure 
Continued (rom poaC! 9 
involved in hi. livelihood, 
(exi.tentialism-by-numbers), 
accepts the aasigrvnenl and 
procures a small patrol boat 
and creW for the trek up the 

Cinerama Theatre 
river journey in Af>Ocalypse 
Now is used as an allegory for' 
what happens to men as they. 
get farther away from their 
own culture, The jungle seems 
to be swallowing them whole, 
into a terrain where things 
be com e increasinl{ly 
increasingly surreal, absurd 
and less rooted in what one 
loosely calls "rationality ," At 
one point, Willard and his 
crew rendezvous with a power-
freak officer (Robert Duvall ) 
who, leading a helicopter raid 

on a Viet Cong village, stands 
foursquare on a beach riddled 
with bullet fire, brushing off 
near-mill explosion. with an 
annoyed shrug, and engages 
'hill men in an obllessive debate 
about surfing. in their 

men encounter, in the dead of 
night, a bump and grind usa 
show on the water , replete with 
an elaborate, fastidiously lit 
sta ge bearing a faint 
resemblance to the set of a 
game show, Still later, when 
the boat comes to the last 
Army outpost on the river, 
they find a bridge being 
bombed all to hell by the North 
Vietnamese. Looking for the 
commanding offi cer of the 
outpost, Willard comes across 
a platoon of spaced,out, shell-

THE ART ENSEMBLE 
of CHICAGO 

"TIle "nTa __ LE I. __ 11_.... -",.-_" 
....... ,... If ..... tIM" ......... t .... t OIIC., ,.""" ...... "ortl."" ••• _,." 
,.., .. If •• " .. ,. .......... , .... · - 111 ......... M ••. 

monDAY nITE. OCTOBER 22 
8()O&IO:50 

happy black 'Gl's who shoot 
aimlessly into the night without 
a target. In all these scenes, 
insanity creeps over the 
soldiers like fever, 

At this point, it's obvious 
that Apocalypse Now is more 
a film of high .tylized, grand. 
scale set pieces rather than the 
kind of narrative that 
inve.tigates ideas through 
dialogue, characterization and 
plot. lbe result is the near-loss 
of Conrad's original thesis. In 

village, the cancerous 
tackiness of the usa show, 
and the attack on the Army 
outpost literally give new 
meaning 10 the phrase "poetry 
in motion," with Vittorio 
Storara ' s camera work 
imbuing the rush of explosions 
wiht a perverse sculptural 
elegance, 

Coppola has made the Viet 
Nam war into an aesthetic 
experience, something a 
viewer can stand back from 

"It should be framed and 
hanged on a museum wall. 

and appreciate, dissect, and 
analyze as a pure form, 
Coppola's vision of battle is 
detached, removed from the 
stink of blood and burning 
nesh . The effect is somehow 
numbing , Coppola has 
accepted that "the bomb is 
beautiful, " forgellting that 
bombs ha ve' purposes and 
meanings beyond vislAal 
abstraction. 

Coppola did make a h~lf-

Coppola's Willard manages 
little more than alienated signs 
and blank expressions, 

However incoherent th 
film seems, one expects the 
final sequence , Willard 's 
coming to Col. Kurtz 's 
stronghold, to resolve 
everything and bring the 
vague notions that Coppola's 
hinted at into sharp focus. 

Instead, the final sequence 
is flat and anti ·climactic , 
Bri:\ndo, as Kurtz, utters a 
vague,' knot-headed 'lecture to 
Willard about horror , the 
Manichean construction of the 
universe , and that th e 
conquering soldier must be at 
once motivated by feelings of 
great love while having the 
ability. to kill and destroy 
without pity, regret , or 
judgment. "You are dead if 
you judge" he says to Willard. 

Willard assumes that Kurtz 
has grown weary of life and the 
responsibilities he's assumed 
for himself, and that Kurtz 
views him as the one who'll 
deliver him from "the horror ." 
At night, while Kurtz 's 
followers partake in the ritual 
slaughter of a carabao , 
Willard sneaks into Kurtz's 

Hearl of Darkness, Conrad 
presented several ideas 
concerning the ravages of 
Imperialism on the individual 
consciousness, the naked 
terror of the unknown, the wild 
nights of fancy of someone 
trying to retain their sanity in 
alien milieu, and an implicit 
critique of Western attitudes 
toward colonized cultures, 
conveying these myriad 
strands through a prose style 
that never undercuts his 
intentions, To Conrad, the 
story line came first and 
foremost. He allowed his 
situations to speak for 
themselves, and wove his 
psychologicaV sociologica 1/ 
political attitudes into the 
story' s overall texture, 

"e I ' oppo a s vIsion of battle is 
removed from the stink of 
blood and burning flesh." 

Coppola, though , lost 
control over his narrative line 
and, by resort to a phalanx of 
virtuoso tricks, tried to bluff his 
way out of the corner he filmed 
himself into, Unlike Hearl of 
Dar/ln e ss, wh e re plot 
dynamics and social criticism 
are twined , what Coppola 
gives in Apocalypse No w is a 
series . of episodes that are 
separate from one a nother , 
seeming like no more than 
character sketches or the first 
drafts of short stories that've 
been threaded together with a 
flimsy premise , The set pieces, 
to be sure, are orchestrated 
with a grandness appropriate 
for a Wa gner opera: the 
helicopter attac k on the 

hearted effort to reintroduce 
Conrad to the project by hiring 
journa list Mi cha e l He rr 
(author of Vispatches ) to write 
a narra tion, Through it Herr 

.manages to establish the 
mysterious link tha t Willard 
(Marlow in the book ) feel- for 
Kurtz, but even this is not 
enough . Like the flow of 
scenes, Willard's narration 
continually contradicts itself 
without explanation, ra nging 
from carica ture, back,alley 
slang , literary refinement, to 
what.the ·hell insoucian ce. 
Conrad 's Marlow , though 
und e rgoin g perc e ptibl e 
changes as he enters deeper 
into "the darkness," is a fluid 
charact er in whit:h one follows 
the psyc holo gica l shift s . 

StudontDiBG01l1lt $10 '., - , 
Includes conS1.llt.Rt.\oll. sh,unpoo 

(~nn(iltl()!Ier, Gut {of blow t:ltylFl 

chambers a nd assassinates 
him with a mat:hete, Like the 
Kurtz in the Conrad story , the 
felled Colonel ga sps "the 
horror , the horror" before he 
dies. Willard then leaves the 
cha mber, returns to his boat, 
and begins his trek back. 

What is the " horror'!" 
Though the meaning has been 
hinted a t th roughout the film's 
sketchy narrative, we never 
find out. That isn' t Coppola's 
fault , Conrad himself didn' t 
elaborate exactly what " the· 
horror" was, but did succeed in 
giving us a good idea of wha t it 
might feel like. Coppola has 
failed to elicit that feeling from 
the viewer . Whatever ideas he 
was adva ncin g to his point are 

Please tu rn 10 page 12 

I 

NEEDED: 

I 
Experitmced graphic 
artists or 
pallte-up penon II 
to work for 

The Daily Guardian 

Inquire at our 
offices in; 
the 
SIu'dent Center 

,~~ S\\)~'j ~O(\i. 

Classifieds 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Casino IS comlngl Casillo IS comlngl 
Casino IS cOl11lngl Casino IS corning! 
TheSIS & D,sscrtallon Research 
Grants lor 1979-80 are available to. 
Ph.D & MFA candidates As tUllcJ~ 
arc 1I11111ed, grants arc restncted 10 the 
SOCial sC iences. humanilies & Iho arts 
Applications Will be III studonts lI1alor 
depts. & OGSR Deadllno lor recC1pt In 
OGSR 01 all matenals IS Fn. 11 /9/7 9. 
(10 122) 
SENIORS il's your lasl chance ... To 
get photographed lor the Senior 
Yearbook. No cost or obligation. 
Monday (10122) 8:30·4:30 and Ihe 
last day is Tuesday 8:30 ·2'00. 
Help Indochinese relugees rcsellfe In 
our comm unity - 1nlo Wed. Oct . 24th. 
4·5:30 pm North Conlere[lce Room. 
Warren College Halloween Harbor 
CrUise Nov. 2 cost $4.00: tickets on 
sale Ocl. 23. costumes a must. 
( t 0122.24,26.29.3 t ) 
Backpacking surVival sklUs talk al 
Oullng Club lIIeeling on Tues. t 012 3 
6:30 pin. Rce Gy'" 
Backpacking surVival SkillS latk at 
Outing Club II leetlng on Tues. 10123 
6:30 pm. Rce Gym ConI Rm. 
ATT ENTION SURF CL UB' ThiS 
week's "lOetlng IS at HSS 2 t 50 not 
USB 3070. 
Crawlord LOlltls Will be speaking on 
"Getl lng th e Most out 01 lIlo" 
tornorrow al noon In Revello Ptaza . Be 
There

' 

M ' A'S'H' was 16 hrs Ifl O.R. 
S'M'A'S'H ~ R&R InTokyo M' A'S'H 
was big stitches vs tittle stitches. 
S'M ' A'S'H IS uthanol lllarllnis served 
out 01 enelTIa bags. M'A'S'H ' was the 
early morning sounds 01 16 111111 
rockels. S' M'A'S' H 's the late night 
serenadl.'s 01 the Big Bands. M 'A'S'H 
was the cold 01 loro degree wllllers. 
S'M'A'S'H IS the warlllih o{ the 
nurseb quarters. M 'A'S'H was Korea 
1952. S'M'A'S'H IS UCSD 19791 
110 1 ~21 

Avatal M eger Baba ~52 ·9t31 
I tO <!2.:>G.<!!l.1 t t;! ) 

As rumor has it that . .. it's going to 
happen Fr iday October 26 in the Muir 
Ouad. Free beer and rock 'n rol l. 
(10/26) 
Fellowship Dva ll~ble m IIlodlcal 
all thropology or medical soc iology 
Tho D,v,s,on 01 Family Medlclllll allhe 
Un/V. 01 CallI. . San Diogo Medical 
Cenler will be sponsOring a nlllemOlllh 
lellowshlp progralll 10 sludy hoalth 
practices and bellels III Imperial 
Counly Ph.D sludents whO Ilave 
comploled or arc abOut 10 cOlilplete 
tholl courses and Wish to have a "eld 
study experience - (and potent lal 
dlSsertailon data) arc Invited to apply. 
The apptlcant Will prelerably be a 
bilingual , bl ·cullurat persall who 
already has SOIliO understanding 01 
rural areas and ""grant health neods 
Please contaci Lisa HI/sc hmall (7 141 
294,361 4. (10124) 
Important tsrael Acl lon ComlMlee 
moeting Monday . 3:00 In the Revelle 
FOlinall lnlormal. ?' ~ call 452,36t6. 

( t O /~2 ) 
Come and experience our inlergalatic 
boogie! Cosmic party .. Saturday night 
at the Oulback. 9pm. 
UNDERGRADUATES' Changes lor 
197. t 98.199 study - StartlllQ With the 
Winter enrollment pUllod. any slud c.'nts 
whO Wish lu undtertake speCial study 
by means ot a course numbered 
197.198.199 must: 

. t . Oblaln the speCial study lorlll at the 
department. 
2. Follow the Instruchons on the back 
01 the lorm. 
3. Sceure tho Provost's slamp on the 
prelerred progral1l c ard. 
4. Enroll 111 Iho course dUling me 
eighth week of thiS quarter lor winter 
enrollment 
StucJonts must have acculTlutated 84 
units. be In good academiC standing 
12 .0 or higher) and ha ve th e 
prcreqUl srle knowledge 10 undert ake 
slich study. Students must IIlCct Ihe 
IIltolllllent deadline by thc Clghth week 
In order to havu speCial study 
approved lor thc wln ler quarter. Plan 
ahuad to I1Iccl a" 01 Ihe abOve 
deadlines ane! avo,d undue delay. a 
late Icc. or pOSSible disapproval ot Ihe 
spcclat study 

Coupon book 

Play cosmic CilpS. Collie to the 
Outback, Saturday at 9pm. 
Space: Ihe Iinallrontier. The Oulback 
the Irnal Ironller. Come 10 our cosmic 
party. Saturday at 9. 

1 (J M(I",blu~ koep SilcrucJ Ih' 
sacre,t nalllt! Ihe GI-iOS r O~ 
Sf)B&l IIl/illoretl reVival rosoullds '" 
DANA B . Happy Blrthdayl t 111011.' yeal 
III you II! over the hili Luok lor Itle 
bnght sldl) 01 hie DG. 
Dew Por tota Thanks lor keeping 
IIIC gOing la sl week. It's over nowl 
Love yOIi all Anilic 
ABOfntON IS A CfllME THAT KILLS 
NOT ONLY THE CHILD BU r THE 
CO NSCIENCES or ALL INVOLVED. 
MOTHER TERESA 
My 2 ardent A's - the sweets Iroll1 
you swuelles were greal. T hanks a 
bunchl Allx lou ~ly wailing 10 lIIeet -
CD 
Gtenda. Just want to say "hi." Saw 
George F. Th.: have you seen any 
GHS Grads? 
Mane M. 

, lNTEHNSHtPS IN WASl1tNG TON 

I ~~~. o~~~~o::~;~~~ :,~ulh~a"l~~~ 
Internshlll ollice. Jorn onc 01 the 
volunteer supporl C0ll11111\1ees and get 
InSide ., 10 on how 10 nab a great 
internShip. Sign up al AS Oilice. 
CASINO IS COMING! 
S'X Ou l 01 seven mellibers tested 
agree. SDB&E LIVES! Listen: we II 
prove II to youl 

HH How's tllcks? Trrcks arc line. MISS 
yOU SW 
Allentlon Mystery person In Cabrallo 
Yo u have won second prIZe In the 
Warren Rallie

' 
When do we go to 

dinner? Warren Hallie ( t 01221 
ABORTIONISTS HtRED TO KILL 
WITH YOUR REG FEES? YES! 
ANG RY? OB JECT? JOIN THE 
REStSTORS' HOW? 454, t 962 
. Ho whore have you gone Susan F. 
Susan F Ho whero have you gone 
char,,"ng Sue " SBWNETH (t0122) 

The Nation's largest Entertainment Club -

The "Entertainment 80" coupon book contains/ 
hundreds of get acquainted 2-for-1 offers. 

YOI.( and your QUl>SIs will dine out. atti theatres. 
sports events, concerts and shows, cut your costs 
and fight Inflation. Buy one and receive another 
on the housel You can even vacation at 
elegant hotels at 50% / 

Hove a terrific/and save money. tool 

Retail price off-campus: $20,00 
For UCSD community: $17.SO 

Get yours at the 
'-----------'---.j University Events Box Office 

452-4559 

WL; t t.dhJWt,, '1l t I,ubol (;rUlsc Nt>V i! 
"OSI S·Il/l/ e""IIIIIII' dunl .ll II (. kul~ Ull 
sail' Ve l .' :1 Gox OIl'Cll 
t I 0 " .' ".1 :'U.: '!I.:III 
rO O UI rlduwt}It' LIIII Il! Wed luvu tll 
ytVt : Y(HI fI gOUllltll~,III'Y ; trlll Wt · neVI!l 
Icuv.: " waxy \)UllellII' We alwayb butl 
10 .1 (It 'dll s hUlL! Wu carll ShlllO 
WlltlUU! you Y (lUI :.! mdclIl A s 
PREGNANT? TROUBLED? Free 
confidential counseling and relerrals 
to medical, (,nanc,al, and housing ale 
al 583,LlFE, SAN-DIEGO PRO- LIFE 
LEAGUE. (tO /29) 
ROCKTOBERFEST IS comlllg III Oct 
26. live band Rage costume contest 
Allantls HAPPENING 
ROCKTOBERfEST IS thiS FRIDAY III 
Ali a "li S annua l H AL LOW EN 
PART Y Live band. an ovenl

' 
( t 012 t ) 

I'll be Bl lhe Ou tback Saturuay IIlyhllo 
sec the LUllar Lan<.tlllQ Will you? 

Happy B·Day Stace
' 

You're nOI 
lorgOIlCtI. ENJOY' Love. MOllica 

II· II ,II ,II , II, II, II ·II II, II , II, II,IHHHHI,II, II , 
IHI· II,U·U, II ,II .f1. II , II, II , II , II , II, II,II,II, II , II , . 
11 ·"· 11· 11· 11 -11 -11 · 11, 11 · ", 11 - 11 -11 -11· 11· 11· 11- 11 · " · 
11· 11 , 11· 11, 11 · 11 · 11 · 11 -11· 11 · 11 · 11- 11 · 11· 11, 11 · 11 · 11 · 11· 
11 , 11 , 11, 11, 11 · 11 · 11, 11· 11, 11, 11, 11, 11 · 11, 11, 11, 11 , 11 , 11 , 
11 · 11 · 11 · 11, 11· " ·"-11· 11 · "·"· 11 · " · 11· "·11 · 11· 11 -11 -
IHt,II· II · II · II · II · II ·II· II· II· II · II · II· II· II· II · II · II· 
"Alice Cooper. Alice Coopor ... huh? . 
sang Frank. HIS expanoed /Il1nd 
watched the lis IIit by ... replied Ihe 
lIIumu' liludshaarrrrk! Frank whipped 
arOUII(t and saw nothing but trails 01 
talts alld the universe humll1ed. 
"Could lh ey havo any soc .al 
slgnrl lcanr.e? quellod Fra llk "Could 
be. CUli ttl bc " 

housiNG 
Room lor rent In Oc t Mar - $95 lor 
own room in house wllh 4 grad 
students call 755,3943 (Cl/enings) . 
Roommate needed lor Del Mar duplex 
on Coast Blvd. t grad st and one 
semor here $t 70 Guy 755· 4605 
Available In December: room lor male 
to share 4 bdrm w llireplace. pOOl. 
Luxury COunlry hVlng, 20 min. Irorn 
campus . " mile from beach . • 
$ t 75 / rno. OceanSide. 722, 7939. 
(11 130) 

OUICI . serious lelllale roommate 
wanted to share 2,story condo In Unlv 
Clly by UTC. $t40 / mo. 452·0744 

I have a United AI/lines hall-Iare 
coupon lor sale,$55 call last, it'll go 
lasl. Steve 45~·9255. ( t 0/22) 
A big sturdy dosk wllh drawers and 
pulloulS - greal wood IS setllng cheap 
call now. rnust sec 456· t 826. 

t 972 Plym Fury 3. Auto .. al/. pwr. 
str Ibrks . now upol .. 1 30k 1111 perlect 
IIISldo / ou t slde / mec h $t 2 0 0 . 
44490·17. 

SERVicES 
Surprise your I/lends!! Happy Birthday 
Co. will bake cake. sing any song 
anywhere on campus lor anyone -
student or professor lor $6. Arrange 
with Dan 455,1280 or Rick 453, 1957. 
(10/ 22) 
Typing - term papers, theses, diss .• 
manuscripts. etc . IBM correcting 
seleclric relsonable. Mrs. OIdS. 
4550217. (10/22) 
The new AS internship office WIll find 
you a greatlnternahip with poIiIicians. 
lobby groups, service organizations. 
Go to Sacramen\o or Wal!inglon DC. 
We can ma\ce ~ happen lor you. 
CASINO IS COMING!! (10/26) 
Typing: Univcrsrlv City. 16M selectric. 
Fast reliable Davs 452-4244, ask lor 
Jane. eves 453·4966 (11 / 301 

JENNY's HOME TYPING 
Ter'" papers. thesiS. diss. Davs and 
eves 22:>-1449. (t 1/ 30) 
Prolesslonal typing - Icch., math. 
c hem symbot capability . Rapid 
accura te surv. On c allipus Frr & Sal. 
566·9894. t 10f(!21 

TRAVEl 
Ct[[ stu(tellluuvel conter located on 
Ih :!II(/ lIoor 01 Ih 'sluderlt center open 
MVVF ~'. I urh I:' 4 I It 1:10) 

Please tum to page 12 

Crawford Loritts. 

HE 
M YNOT 

ENTERTAIN YOU 
aUT 

hell give you straight 
answers. 

"BLACK 
LEADERSHIP 
AT THE END 

OF THE 
20th CENTURY" 

Campus Crusade for Christ 
TONIGHT! 

TLH 8:00 PM 
and 

Tuesday, October 23 
USB 2722 8:00 PM 
"Sensational Se"," 



11 The Daily Guardian 

Polls: Accuracy Leads to Power 
By Malcom N. Carter 

A .. ociated Press Writer 
The federal goverMlent 

uses them in its decision-
makina.: Potitical candidates 
use them in election 
campaigns. And what the 
"poUs show" on a wide range 
01 issues, from the arms race to 
abortion, becomes central to 
public debate. . 

In large part, public opinion 
poll. have achieved this 
position by compiilng a solid 
track record. One major 
poUater, for example, likes to. 
boaatthat his final pre-election 
presidential polls have been off 
by no more than an average of 

... 1.3 percent in the last 20 
year •• 

Reputable polls on local 
elections and referenda also 
have been generally ~ccurate 
within a few points of the 
actual vote. 

So few can argue tht the 
polls are simply a maHer of 
trickery by untrustworthy 
statisticians. 

treaty with the Soviet Union to -
limit the nation 's nuclear 
weaponry, and support all but 
vanishes. 

Burns W. Roper , who 
publishes his poll results in 
Roper Reports 10 times a 
year, concedes that polls may 
actually mislead. 

He observes that pollsters 
often refer to a three or four 
point margin of sampling 
error, but he and others 
acknowledge that this may be 
the least of it. 

"We know how to draw a 
sample," says Harvard 
professor Gary Orren, a 
polling consultant to the 
Washington Post. " What 
really differentiates one poll 
from another is the skill of the 
artrislry ." 

Since <errors in the art 
cannot be measured but errors 
in the science can be, it is 
samping error that pollsters 
talk about. 

While polls have trans-
formed the old -fashioned 

political campaign manager 
who trusts his gut into a , 
director of marketing who 
trusts his charts , they still don 't 
insure victory. 

This was a lesson that 
Charles D. "Pug" Ravenel 
learned the hard way against 
Strom Thurmond in South 
Carolina 's race last year. The 
polls correctly identified the 
issues, but "it turned out that 
people did not want to hear 
about the issues," mused the 
loser. 

Though more and more 
government decisions that 
affect our lives are grounded in 
polls, both the General 
Accounting Office and the 
American Statistical Associa-
tion say the federal 
government doesn't design 
them well or interpret them 
correctly. 

In a report on five federal 
agencies last year, the GAO 
said that the government drew 
debatable conclusions from ' 
polls. 

A report of the American 
Statistical Association said" 
further that polls by ' 15 of 26: 
federal agencies it examined 
did not meet their objectives 
because of poor design, faulty 
sampling or a combination of 
"serious" technica l flaws. 

Yet largeiy on the basis of 
polls , President Ca rt e r 
conclused that this nation is 
suffering from a "crisis of 
confidence ," the Defense 
Department changed Army 
enlistment terms and the 
federal govelllment decided to 
require airbags as a safety 
option in automobiles. 

In fact , the Office of 
Management and Budget says 
the Government is spending 
$7 million a year to mine the 
public's opinions. 

The polling profession is the 
big winner in all this and 
collects more than an 
estimated half billion dollars a 
year from all sources. 

But the poUs are not 
infallible, and results can vary 
widely. The figures sometimes 
are endowed with a precision 
that not even the pollsters 
themselves wou1d claim, 

~ading to mistaken conclu-
SIOnS. 

'Apocalypse:' Bomb's Beauty 
Differences in question 

wording, question order and 
interview timing can cause one 
poD'. results to differ from the 
next. 

Changing a single word can. 
tum the results upsidedown. 
Waiting a day to take the poll 
can have the same effect. And 
one of the pollsters' biggest 
pitfalls is to think they are 
asking one question while the 
public thinks its answering 
another. 

Ask about support for a 
Strateflic Arms Limitation 
Treaty, for instance, and most 
everyone says it's a good idea. 
Ask whether the United States 
shou si n the ro sed 

Continued from pate 10 
quickly trashed, and tries to tie 
things up in a self-consciously 
litera ry knot by having Kurtz 
sermonize, recite Eliot's The 
Hollow Men and, most 
ludicrously, rea(J from 
Hearl 01 Darkness. None of 
this clarifies aoything, which 
leaves' Apocalypse Now an 
intellectual muddle, a tangle of 
half-baked abstractions that 
make a lot of noise but offer 
nothing. 

Apocalypse Now is worth 
seeto!{ not for the messages 
but for the' sheer magnitude of 
the thing. Copp'ola has 
demonstrated his considerable 
strengths before ( You're A 
BiR Boy Now,_Godla,h"r and 
The Conversation) and this 

exhibits much evidence of his 
genius as a director. The film 
also benefits from many strong 
performances. Martin Sheen 
turns in a cogent characteri-
zation of Willard, however 
thin the script makes him out. 
The acting of Robert Duvall 
achieves a level of inspired 
lunacy, and Dennis Hopper's 
portrayal of a zonked-out 
photojournalist will probably 
stand as the quintessential 
caricature of a fodder-headed 
hippies. As for Brando, there's 
nothing much to say. As the 
autuer of the method acting 
school, he characterizes K.urtz 
as a mumbling, muttering, 
baldhead-rubbing mass of 
psychotic blubber whose voice 
hasn't the slightest hint of 
emotion. One can take it either 

PASSING YOU BY ... lf you let It, 
a chance to get the facts 
on MARINE OFFICER PROGRAMS 

TODAY. 
TOMOf(ROW at your 
CAREER PLANNING & 
PLACEMENT OFFICE 
Bldg 'B', Student Center ' 

of two ways: Brando doesn't 
give a damn anymore and is 
underplaying 00 purpose in 
some inexplicable act of 
defiance, or he 's refined his art 
of the point of the boldstroke, 
ereating a slow burning 
intensity through a minimum 
of actor's gimmickli. 
Whatever the case may be, it 
doesn't matter . The last 
twenty minute s ar e a 
miserable failure, and it's 
doubtful anyone could have 
saved them. 

As for Coppola, I hope he 
continues to make beautiful . 
movies. but that he won 't 
make promises he doesn't 
intend to keep. In the end, 
Apocalypse Now is a promise 
broken. 

Monday Oct. 22. 1979 

Classifies 
WANTEd 
Are you Interested In teaching? 
learning? taking an active par t In the 
community? helping kids? If your 
answer IS yes to any of these 
questions, please contact Students 
Helping Students (previously Students 
for SOCial Change). Sara Cooper at 
)(4450 or 452-7183. Thank you. 
(t 0 / 1 8 ,22.24) 
SOFA needs tutors for grades 
kindergarten through t 2 down at the 
community center In La Jolla. II you 
are Interested and have an hour a day, 
please contact either Barbara Cobb 
459-0271 , 270-60 t 5 or Sara Cooper 
)(4450 or at home 452-7183. Thank 
you (10 / 18.22.24) 
Bassist and drummer looking for 
guitar and keyboard player to form 
funk/jazz band. EriC 453- 1294. 
Bus persons needed to work at French 
Restaurant in Rancho Santa Fe See 
Mille Fleurs In Country Squire 
756308 5 

Looking for a twin bed in good 
condition. Call now 456-1826 Enid. 
Wanted: Scorers and timers for 
women's swimming all-ccij on Nov 17. 
Contact Diana Dann or Leave your 
name and telephone number in the 
intercollegiate athletic off ice. 452-4211. 
(10/22,24,26) 
Wanted - Air raid siren Must be In 
working condition. Call 453-9446 
Must have before Nov. 11 ( 10 / 22) 

We pay subjects $3.00 per hour to 
record their brain waves. Over 18. 
male or female. Call 452-3797. ask for 
Jeremy. to be enlered into our pool of 
subjects. (10/26) 
Internships with local politicians. It can -
happen for you with the new AS 
Internship office. Get the inside scoop 
by joining one of l he colunteer support 
committees. Sign up at the AS office at 
Student Center and make It happen. 
CASINO IS COMING! (10/26) 
Help wantedl Full & part time' sales 
pOSi tion in retail. Call Pat Wayman at 
Swiss Colony. 442 -6290. (10/26) 

lOST" fOUNd 
DOI )SI J)IIII III1Y MI 'L,·lIlllcx.ht :IIlIt 'xt 
U I1 Iiolltl ul 1.. 11 111 : 011 flPM WI '(I 
CUlltn l 111,,11 .It t ·I.'!) OIl·I:' ULIlY you 
a dlllll"(' 

FOUNIJ III hld cr~lut I)UISHh: fll'vulh ' 
CClII '!ell~ NUllw Oil II IS Ct1t ~lyl Call 
C .. IIIIl : I!)/ !l!:lll LlIlIII(lc)Illlly 

Lost: Wilson football on Warren field 
SaIl 01 13. If found. please call Jeff at 
273- 7542. Thanks! (1 0/24) 

--How often do you 
teU the waiter "that 
was great" or seek out 
the owner to teM him 
how happy you •• 
with his product? 
It many times 


