
The Daily- Guardian 
Volume 38, Number 4 Univenity of California, San Dieg~ Wednesday, September 26, 1979 

, 

"AFSCME, Adm'n Ready 
For October Court Fight 

By John Hondros 
AtlOCiate NeWt Editor 

The American Federation of State, County 
and Municipal Employees plans to take the 
university back to court next month on charges 
of "employee harassment." 

The suit was filed against the UC Regents 
and several UCSD officials, last May, and has 
been updated during the summer. 

The AFSCME alleges harassme'1t of two 
UCSD employees, Thomas Reese and 
Yolanda Lugo, who were seeking union 
representation because of what they claimed 
were poor working conditiions. 

The union was delayed in persuing its suit by 
an order tQ amend their original complaint, but 
has met the requirement and will proceed. 

At the suit's root is a claim by the union that 
UCSD officials have tried to block union 
representation since the passage last year of an 
Assembly bill giving union employees the right 
to bargain collectively. 

After the bill's passage, the university issued 
rules to union employees that were 
"capricious," AFSCME officials alleged. 

"The university claimed they had the right to 
request information regarding how our 
stewards were using their time," AFSCME 
representative Jim Stronski said last May. 

W~en employees in Graphics and 
Reproduction began meeting to discuss union 
problems, Stronski claims, "feared retaliation" 
caused job resignations, transfers and 
dismissals within the department. 

The university denies the charge, saying in 

Biron, Fonner. 
VCBf, Dies at 67 

Robert H. Biron, UCSD Vice Chancellor of 
Business and Finance died Sunday at his 
Rancho Sante Fe home. He was 67. 

He underwent surgery for a brain tumor last 
December but never fully recovered. 
Biron, who served the university from 19*14 to 

PlAau fUm to pafe 13 

TODA Y'S WEATHER l 
Sunny and tlishtJ)' warmer, with lOme 

early morning douds giving way to late 
morning and afternoon sunshine and 
temperahnl of 75·80 degrees. Winds will 
be west·northwest 15·20 mph. 

The aurf will be 2-4 feet at 12 second 
intervals. 1be water temperature is 66 

.degrees. 

its court brief that AFSCME "did not through 
its member employees seek administrative 
review, persuant to its personnel rules." 

AFSCME responded in its amended brief by 
claiming that it "is not required to proceed 
through the university's review process because 
such a procedure is not a complete and 
adequate remedy." 

(When the suit was first filed last May, the 
union claimed the two employees had 
"exhausted all available administratin 
remedies" and were unsuccessful.) 

UC Attorney Milton Gordon filed a demurrer 
p'lease lum 10 page '6 

Federal Border 
Agents Indicted. 

WASHINGTON (AP) - Four San Diego 
federal border patrol agents were indicted 
yesterday on charges they beat and mistreated 
'three illegal aliens from Mexico this summer,_ 
the Justice Department announced yesterday 
afternoon. 

The Department said the indictments, issued 
by a federal grand jury in San Di~o marked the 
first time border guards had b&n indicted in 
connection with alleged beatings of Mexican " 
immigrants. 

A six·count indictment which included a 
charge thilt one of the agents lied to the grand 
jury', named Bruce Brown, Daniel Charest, 
Dirk Dick and Jeffrey Otherson. . 
. Leonel J. Castillo, commissioner of the 

' Immigration and Naturalization Service, said 
the four agents were suspended for 10 days 
while the indictment is under review. . 

1 he alleged incidents occured in San Ysidro 
California. ' 

The first incident started, according to the 
indictment,- when an alien made an obscene 
gesture at a bOrder patrol spotter plane July 3. 
The plane radioed border patrol agents on the 
ground. 

The indictment said that Brown hit one alien 
ill the face and beat his hand with a night.stick, 
and that Otherson and Dick struck the man in 
the stomach, face and chest. . 

The following day, Brown and Charest 
struck another alien across the face while 
Otherson kicked him, forced him to remove his 
shoes and threw the shoes into a canyon, the 
indictment said. 

In another incident on Aug. 1, it said, dick 
was charged with striking and kicking an illegal 
immigrant in the face. 

Federal officials said that in Jill three 
incidents, the immigrants were eventually 
forced back across the border. 

Officials said an investigation by the office of 
US Attom~y ' Michael Walsh in San Diego 
\\(111 based primarily on evidence trom other 
border patrol agents. ' 

The indictment said the agent~ involved did 
not report the incidents to their supervilOr or file 
written reports. 

It said that Dick told a fellow agent a week 
aher the first two incidents that he wanted help 
in covering up his use of unnecessary force 
when other agents were questioned by federal 
investigators. 

PLea.e him to ~ 13 

Hut closure may alim. down the local aquinel colony 

Lean Times Ahead 
For Coffee Hut 'Pets' 

By Mea Honda 
Not only students and facufty will be lOrry to see the coffee 

hut go. 
One of the iuuea brousrht to light by the scheduled Dec. 8 

closure of the hut is the fate of the squirrels there. 
Inhabitants of the surrouOdmg area for the past 13 

years, these squirrels have survived on handouts from 
patrons of the eating establishment, and are conspicuously 
fatter than squirrels in neighboring area •. With the demise of 
the hut only two months away, many are pondering the fate of 
these animals, considered pets by some. 

Holly Holmes, manager of the hut since its opening in 
September 1967, says the squirrels were very small then. 
With the aid of Holmes, his staff, and the customers, the 
squirrels have become markedly heavier over the years. 
Holmes says that he saves the ends of lettuce and bread crusts 
for them. 

There are many who agree that ,the squirrels are nothing 
less than domesticated pets. Holmes said he has called at 
leasHour of them by name. 

Currently, one (who answers to "Sam") is tame enough to 
eat from a spoon. 

And he defends their health record noting that" no person 
has ever been bitten by them" and there has never been any 
incidence of rabies or other disease among the animals. 

Asked what he felt would become of the squirrels, Holmes 
said, "1 think nature will manage," meaning that they should 
be capable of fending for themselves in the absence of the 
handouts. 

An assistant mammal keeper at the San Diego Zoo was 
equally optimistic about tfle fate of the squirrels, noting that 
they are "extremely versatile animals" and that there is no 
chance of starvation in their natural environment. 
. "If they don't find what they need they will migrate to where 

there are other squirrel populations," he said. 
Holmes offered at least two other possible solutions. He 

felt that it would be nice if brown baggers would eat in the 
area. And, "Carlos (Montalvo, AS President) wants the 

. place so maybe Carlo. can feed the squirrels every day." 

Freshman Commits Suicide, No Note Found 
A 19 year old Warren college freshman Iept to her 

death from the 11 th floor of TiogA Hall yesterday 
morning as horrified dormitory students and passers-by 
looked on. 

The woman, whose na~ is being withheld pending 
notification of next of kin, wu observed by a UC police 
officer sitting on the 11 th floor balcony of TIOga at 
approximately 10: 15 am. She at fir t complied with the 

officer's request to withdraw from the railing, but then, 
almost immediately vaulted back over the railing and fell 
to her death, according to police reports. 

No note was left and there is no known motive for the 
suicide. This i the fourth suicide off Tioga Hall since the 
building wu completed, approximately 10 year ago, 
according to UC Police Statistic. 



Cheating Inflation 
-Everything's Cheap ~t Berkeley (and Local) Flea Markets 

a,1Mmu ..... 
.... U.uriAmini 

PaciIic Newt Serrice 
SOUTH BERKELEY, 

CA. - Corne... Thome 
at .... in the brighl IWIIhine 
amid a c:anfuIIy lUl'anged 

Where Local 
Bargains Are 

.The c:IoeeN .w.., meel 10 
UCSD eve')' weekend it al the 
Vale, Drive-in in Ocean.ide, 
a 25 minule drive from 
campua. Take InwaIaIe 5 
north 10 the Valley exit, then 
drive eaat about a mile until 
you lee fow giant laeena. 
expanae of uaed tools, 1950s 
ciIhea, old mag~zinea, and a 
......... haIf·circle 01 waffle 
irons and touten. 

amuaement park at the 2,000· 
.tall San J~ market. 

The Berkeley Flea Market 
i. unique. Started in 1976, 
during the cit '. Bicentennial 
celebration, ~ market wu 
the brainslorm of a coalition of 
30 social service agencies that 
had long competed againat 
each other for cily funda. For 
the founder., it wu a way 10 
trenerate a new income iource 
for poor people and help 
aervite the community while 
aVQiding the con.tant trek to 

. cilr, hall for support. 

center," .ay. Pat McClintock, 
who hdped found the flea 
market lour yean ago and 
haul. trash from the parking 
lot after dosing. "In addition 10 
the employees and one CET A 
worker, the market indirectly 
employ. about 150 adlers 
each weekend. Only about 
half of those people are 
regular.. You'D find families 
from south and weat Berkeley, 
Oakland and even San Jose 
corning here, many of them 
with no other income but the.e 
ca.h sales." 

"Come on over here! Jeans, 
jean., jeans - and reasonably 
priced too," shouts a tall, 
quick.talking dude named 
Slimmo. 

"I don't normally do this," 
he .ays. "I'm doing this for my 
mother. She comes out here 
every weekend, iust to talk to 
the people. That 5 INhere I get 

a lot of my enjoyment - from 
communicating with the 
people. I see this 8S a way of 
helping the working cia .. 
people. 

"'Think of how much you 
have to pay for a pair of jean. 
put out by the big corporations 
becauae of inflation. You can 
come right down here and bur. 
the same jeans and it won t 
cost you haH a. much as in the 
stores." 

Both McClintock and 
Carson commented inde-
pendently that more middle 
dass people have recently 
been coming to the market. 

. "At first, both buyers and 
sellers were primarily poor and 
black," McClintock says. 
"The stalls would fill up with 
sellers, buy no~y had much 
money to buy. Now there's 
more cash changing ' hands, 
more volume. and a higher 

turnover of gooda." 
Although the vendor. don't 

pay property taxes or buaineaa 
fees, they do pay sale. taxes 
on rec:~t. at the end 01 the 
day. "The receipta we collect 
are probably only 10 percent' 
of what people actually sell," 
McClintock comment •. "But 
since 1976, we estimate the 
tax paid by the market is about 
25 percent of the sales tax 
generated along the 
commerciaJ stnp ID the black 
community. " 

-All the goods sold at the 
market apparently are not 
from PeoPle's garages. Used 
levi's could come from 
prisons; women's dothes from 

- wholesale jobbers~ People 
won't talk much about their 
suppliers. "You just can't tell," 

. McClintock says cryptically. 
''It'5 a loose system. There's 

Please tum to page 14 
.. Belween inflation and 

havina eight kids, I ..u here 10 
have men money," he say •. 
M A rabbit's gol 10 have more 
than one hole 10 crawl inlo 
IheIe day •• " 

'The Berkeley market i. 
based on necessitie.," say. 
Keith Carson, now one of eight 
market employees and an aide 
10 Congreuman Ron Dellums. 
"It'. not for dealers or 
collector.. You see a lot of 
horne ilems here - clothes, 
ruga, tools, appliances. A lot 
of people will admit wanting to 
keep some 01 theae things, bUt 
they are aelJing anyway out of 
necessity." . 

In thia economy, everything 
Rea·dey's Best Bargain Book Bets 

ThOme, a black man in hit 
lale 401, does maintenance 
work al Sen Franciaco State 
Uni¥8'lily. But on SabB'day 
and Sunday rnominp, he 
IIandJ in line to pay $5 for 
... IpIICe - two parking 
10 .. - at the B.!1 Area Rapid 
Tranlit (BART) lot in the 
Oatlanda along the Berkeley. 
Oakland border • . 

Every weekend for the palt 
four year., the acres of 
pavement have come alive 
with the primarily poor and 
black midenta who live near 
the .tation but otherwise 
aeldom . use the expensive 
commuter service to San 
Franci.co. They conduct 
buaineu - and plea.ure - in 
a community-run people's 
bazaar known as the Berkeley 
Flea Market. 

1be San Francisco Bay 
Area has leveral flea markets, 
including the giant San Jose, 
Alameda and Marin City 
"mini-malls" with hundreds of 
selling stalls. But they are 
privately owned, profit-
making enterpri.es that 
include new merchandi.e, 
food stands, and even an 

i. conducted on a cash and 
carry basi.. No checks, no 
credit, no price lag. or 
computer scanning bars -
and no income taxes_ 

Sometimes the transaction. 
are Uno.t' 100 fa.t to.see . 

"Check theae oul, girl," a 
woman say. as she hands over 
three rolled up blouses from 
the back 01 a van. 

"lookin' good," comes the 
quick reply, and in five 
seconds a $10 bill changes 
hands. 

"See thOle jeans Kalo has 
on," a large black woman 
asks .. "I ~}' paid thirty centa 
for them. When I bought them 
there was a small tear in the 
seat, and I fixed it. In the store, 
the same pants would have 
cost me a lot.more." 

Another man walks away 
triumphantly with three 
carefully balanced teacups in 
one hand, and a hopelessly 
worn English .addle in the 
other. Although most of the 
goods here are bought or 
traded for use, impulse and 
whimsy strike the poor as well 
as the rich. 

"It's a low-rent shopp~ 

By Marcia Briaboi. 
. When it comei to 
po.senions, there are three 
group. of owners: those who 
covet new things, those who 

Marcia Brisbois is a 
graduate student in fntllish 
literature. 
like second-hand or antique 
ones, and those who choose a 
combination of · the two 
heritage pieces from Ethan 
Allen. 

Few people who buy new, 
even those who scout the 
papers for bonanza bargains, 
show the commitment, 
devotion and assiduity of the 
hard core second-hand 
shopper. 

Me, I like books, . in · 
quantities that demand that I 
patronize second-hand stores. 

San Diego is a rife with used 
bookstores. Perhaps the most 
well-known is Wahrenbrocks, 
located downtown at 6th St. 
and Broadway. It'~ an 
enormous place with several 
levels. In the main part of the 
store the subject matter is 
varied, but it leans toward the 
esoteric: religious pamphlets 
by leaders of formerly popular 

John Taylor 

Loa Angeles culta, . tracts 
which advocate the following 
of unappetizing · dietary 

. regimens in return for 
awarene .. , and out-o'-date 
photographic docl.fIQentane. 

places. 
Currently popular hard· 

cover fiction is U5ually stocked 
in a separate room. Sets of 
dallies abound; bundles of 
Dicken. climb the stairs and 
bales of T roDope support the 
walls. The prices -are good. 
Five doHars bought me five 01 
Dickens' best, . all hard-cover 

with vintage illustrations. On 
another day I fauN! What 
Makes Sammy Run and The 
Harder They Fall, books 
another Budd Schulberg fan 
says are hard to come by. 

If what you want is 
unavailable used, its brand 
counterpart is probably 
downstairs in what has to be 
the best softcover collection 
around. Unfortunately many 
of the books are Penguins, so 
you'D experience the familiar 
white- k,..ckle· wallet-clutch 
shock when you hear the total, 
lDlle .. you're one 01 those 
people who always buys 
Penguins because of the classy 
picture . on the cover and the 
way the black and orange 
colors lend a Halloween touch 
to any room. 

Within walking distance 
from Wahrenbrocks is a 
technical bookstore. which has 
lots of books about drafting 
and architecture. A little 
further away, and a lot more 
interesting, is Golden Hill. 
Antiquarean Books and 

.Antique •. . It's at 2456 
Broadway in Golden Hills, 
housed in one of the area'. 

. Please tum to page 14 

~ Bekken Proves Revolution 'Can Be Fun 
Jon Bekken, the big cheese at get the feeling that if he was \ went overboard. He and some 

the new indicator and the AS oHered a job between quarters ! colleagui9 - hard to tdl 
commiuioner of .tudent packing a semi·automatic rifle exactly who - spent the 
welfare, is a recreational ' for guerrillas in Zimbabwe summer churning out the 
radical. He enjoys politics Rhodesia or planting bicycle "Disorientation Manual 1979," 
instead of surfing and bombs for the PlO, he'd go 64 pages of .rhetoric (including 
backgammon. If you suggest home for Christmas instead. lots of reprints and reprints of 
going out for a pizza ~nd some Bekken dominated the new reprints) designed to counteract 
beers, Jon would rather stay indicatorlast year. He's a good all the pro-\.Iniversity , pro-
home and write a 20-page ~ter who injected humor into a capitalist ropaganda Bekken 
political history of UCSD. paper that has always been dry et a/. fee incoming .tudents 
Instead of jogging he organizes and scholarly, but some former received lut week. . 
rallies. H~'d rather free political coUeagues say he's hard 10 work Some of it is nostalgic, some 
prisoners than free his captive with. He has also become an of it is good reading (the 
ego at an esl meeting. AS official, which means that Marcuse address on feminism), 

Still, he's in it for fun, not the student government may be lOITIe of it is funny (the Smoke 
keeps. When Lenin was waiting more this year than aaponsorof Magician meet. and destroy, 
for revolution in Russia, he beer parties and a dearing the central computer). some of it 
~nt .r~.living like an aacetic hou.e for tom0r.r0w', . cilr is wrong (great portion. of "A 
III Zunch In a NIlaD, dark room managers. (You maght lhink It History of UCSD"). It i. half 
studying and writing and improper for an AS commit- celebration of the golden year. 
spurning entertainment that .ioner to be the edilor of a 01 upper-dass radicalism at 
appeal ed to bou r geois .tudent newspaper al the same UCSD, half fabrication of a 
aenaibilities. Bekken wear. a time, but eXbacurricula at multifaceted con.piracy of 
digitaJ walch and runs a club UCSD are full of .uch conRicta. reactionary, admini.tration. 
that shows Marx Brothers Don't look too cI~ if you don't lin k e ~ for c e. a g a ins t 
movies. It's not that his heart like that kind of thing.) P"O-",eslives. 
isn't in the r volution, but you But this fall Bekken realty But the disturbing part is the 

underlying cynici.m. The 
editors say that an "independent 
study group" received credit, 
actual college credit, for 
assembling the manual, yet it 
contains lots of stuff that has 
already been printed in other 
journal. in other years. 
Whatever units the professor 
who sponsored the manual 
awarded were, by any 
standards, cheap unita. 

There i. one more example of 
8ekken as radical dillitante. 
The new columna lUaeat that 
.tudents forge profeslOrl' and 
administrators' names.on forma 
to gel grades changed (pap 5), 
forge names 10 get acadetnic 
petitiona approved (page 4), lie 
about organization memberahip 
numbers to .get budge .. 
approved from ltucienl fees 
(page 6). 

Bekken'. point is thai the 
.y.tems an "imperiali.t" 
univeraity set. up doD't deserve 
to be observed, but the question 

remaina whether people who so 
blithely advise otheri to lie and 
cheal should be listened 10 at all, 
especially in view of the trouble 

.luden~ could set into if ther, 
followed "Sludent Welfare' 
cOmmi .. ioner 8ekken'. advice . 
. Incidentall~, the "Qisorieota-

tion Manual' also includes a 
.peech b~ revolutionary 
Kwame Toure (Stokely 
Carmichael), who vi.ited 
campus last year. Bekken 
should read il apin. In a 
conclusion addre .. ed to 
minorily atu"ta, Toure . said, 
"AI of you who come to this 
university and cheal, I want you 
10 know you are making a 
serious miatake. I want you to 
know that you have no 
under.tanding of the essence of 

~fe. I want you to know that you 
are thoroughly embued with 
capitalill phile»ophy. You are 
motivated by profit. You .e11 
yourself short as a liuman being 
and exist on the animal level." 

W~~==_=da~l~,~8e~P~&~ .• ~,~l~~ _________________________ n.~aa.dWu 3 r 

. , . 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
» 

I INTERNATIONAL II NATIONAL II STATE 
US Men Kidnapped Carter Blasts Cuba ARB, GM Clash 

SAN SALVADOR, EI Salvador - Two kid· 
nappelexecutives of a U.S. electronic. firm are alive 
and in the hands of a previously unknown guerilla 
organization, a spokesman who claimed to represent 
the abductors said. 

The man called The Associated Press Monday, 
identified himself as a member of the Revolutionary 
Central American Workers' Party, and said Dennis 
McDonald, 37, and co-worker , Fausto Bucheli were in 
good health. 

Bu( the organization has made no ransom demands 
for the men, kidnapped Friday in an ambush that 
claimed the life of their Salvadorean driver and body-
guard, Luiz Paz. 

McDonald, of Whittier, Calif., managed a Salvado-
rean subsidiary of Beckman Instruments, a California· 
based electronics company. BuchC'li, a Beckman 
engineer, is a Puerto Rican resident whose family is 
from Quilo, Ecuador_ . 

The group which claims responsibility for the abduc· 
tion join. about six other lefti.t organizations seeking 
to overthrow the military government of President 
Carlo. Humberto Romero and the tiny elite th~t con-
trols this nation of 3.5 million 

Church: USSR Lying 
WASHINGTON - Sen. Frank Church, D·ldaho, 

chairman of the Senate Foreign Relationa Committee, 
recommended ye.terday that the panel delay sending 
the SALT II treaty to the Senate until something is 
done about Soviet troops in Cuba. 

Church was reacting to a speech at the United 
Nation. by Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei 'Gromyko 
in which he called reports of a Soviet combat brigade in 
Cuba a propaganda campaign "ba.ed on falsehoods." 

NEW YORK - Russian troops in Cuba are part of 
a combat force, despite Soviet claims to the contrary, 
and their status will have 10 be changed, President 
Carter said yesterday. . 

Carter, on a one-day trip to New X ork city, told a 
"town meeting" in Queens that he Will report to the 
nation soon - "probably within the next week" - on 
the Cuban situation. 

The president also issued a harsh condemnation of 
cuba and. disputed claims by Soviet leaders that 
Russian troops on the island are merely adviSers and 
do not make up a combat lorce. 
In what was apparently a reply to a speech that Soviet 
Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko made earlier to the 
United Nations, Carter insisted: "It is a combat unit." 

Earlier, Gromyko had told the U .N. General 
Assembly that "all sorts of falsehoods are being pil~ 
up concerning the policies of Cuba and the Slvlet 
Union." He added: "It is high time that you honestly 
admit that this whole malter is artificial." 

Mass Transit Aid 
NEW YORK - President Carter said ye.terday 

his proposals to aid mass transportation wiD earaae 
decades of neglect and "reclaim America's transit 
.y.tems" unfen Congrell reject. his propo.ed ta~ on 
oil company profits. . 

Carter, making a one.day trip here, al.o promised 
that man transit Iystems wiD continue to get priority 
aUocatior: of gasoline and dielel fuel if shortage. 
develop. "We will keep them rolling," he said. 

Carter'. remarks were delivered at the annual con· 
vention of the American Public Transit Allociation. 

In hi •• peech to the transit group, Carter said he hal 
made proposals that would produce 40.000 iobs. 

lOS ANGELES - The .tate Air Resources Board 
.ays General Motors is misleading the public by imply. 
ing the most fuel-efficient model of ita new X-body car 
was not approved by the ARB for sale in California. 

In a letter Monday to the nation's largest auto-
maker, the ARB .aid "representatives of the General 
Motor. Corp, have falsely repre.enled the certification 
status of certain GM modell to GM's California 
ilealers. " 

Only automatic transmit.ion models of the X-body 
cars - Chevrolet Citation, Pontiac fJhoenix, OIcIamo-
bile Omega and Buick Skylark - are being sold in the 
state, even though the ARB said it certified the more 
efficient four-cylinder manual tranaminion models lut 
April 16. 

Dn May 7, however, General Motora sent a letter to 
the state's Pontiac dealers saying that e>nIy aatomatic 
tranlminiom model. of the Pohoenix were "certified 
for .aIe in California." 

Ruben.tein's letter suggesled that GM might be 
holding up sale of the manual transmit.ion modeIa 
because of "poor driveability." 

Cable Cars Stopped 
SAN FRANCISCO - San Fraaciaco'. cable cars 

wiD be .hut down indefinitely to permit a maaaive 
safely overhaul of the .y.lem, city utility offici'" 
decided yesterday. 

Three linea, one on California Street and two on 
Muon and Hyde .treets, will be affected by the do· 
.ure, ·transit offici'" .aieI. 

Robert RockweU, a lpokesman for the Municipal 
Railway, said the closure was ordered by city utility 
commi.sioner. after an engineering report recom-
mended a major revamp of the .y.tem. 

UC CRAFTS CENTER \ FREE ~ 
OFFERS ClASSES & WORKSHOPS IN 

CERAMICS 
PHOTOGIAPHY 

WOODWOIKING 
STITCHERY 

QUlLTMAKlNG 
ITAIHID GI.AII 

DRAWING 

and much more. 

IIGIITRATION WHK IS 1IPnM_ 24-28. 
CI"- IIGIN OCTO •• f FOR' WHO. 

The Crafts Cent8f Is open to the 
entll8 UCSD CQrnmunHy and Is located 

between the Student Center and Bonner ~H. 
ColI 462-2021 for mae InfoImotion. 

Deadline: Friday, Oct. 5 
For more info: 452-4090 

TICKETSyrr 

COLORING 
CONTEST!!! 

PVISM LIVES! 

Pick up a Fall Events Balloon Poster at EDNA & 
other IQcations all over campus. 

COLOR IT - Any way you want -

1 st PRIZE: 2 tickets to UEO 
sponsored events this fall 

Turn posters in with your Name & Phone No. 
To The Daily Guardian (Student Center) 



.~?-:;r-_______________ ~ ____ .'Ibe==:....:DId\':::=!L.=:OI="='="'=----____________ W~edn~~-:...;,.da__"'_y,_Sept. 26, 1979 

New' Center 

Dr, Wayne ComeIiUl 

to ·Study Border Problems 
By Joc:elfn Larkin 

StaH Writer 
UCSD's political science department 

has announced the opening of a research 
program created to study the problems of 
US·Mexican relati~n5. 

The Center for US· Mexican Studies is 
scheduled 10 open this spring if it receives 
official ap(lroval. It will study Mexican 
migration issues , according to Dr. 
Sanford Lakoff , chairman of the po~tical 
science department. 

Lakoff noted that Mexican affairs are 
particularly relevant not only because of 
Carter's recent energy agreement but also 
because of conditions created by the 
shared border. 
. The program will work in conjunction 
with other departments at UCSD, such as 
history and sociology, which, Lakoff said, 
are already strong in Ihe Mexican field . 

The initial funding for the program will 
corne from a $30,000 grant from 
Chancellor William McElroy. Because 
the center is ine~gible for state funding , it 
will depend on outside support from 
community and philanthropic 
organizations such as the Rockefeller 
foundation. Such funding is often diffiCufI 
for social science programs to obtain, 
Lakoff said. 

The program's director, Dr. Wayne 
Conelius, is qmsidered a leading 
authority on Mexican migration. He is 
presently completing major reports for the 
Ford Foundation as well al the 

Rockefeller Foundation Task Force on 
. Mexican migration. 

At 34, Cornelius has published many 
articles on Mexican affairs and has 
received numerous awards for his work. 
Sympathetic to the Mexican immigrants, 
Cornelius argues that negative effects of 
Mexican migration hav e b ee n 
substantially overestimated bv U.S. 
policy makers. 

The net effect of the migration may be 
positive , Cornelius ·bel ieves. In his 
extensive field research on ~igration, 
Cornelius discovered that many ' 
immigrants do not stay and settle 
permanently in the United States as once 
assumed. 
. Gornelius will be leaving his teaching 
lposition at MIT 'and joining the UCSD 
faculty in March. He has recently been 
awarded a grant by the California Policy 
Seminar to support his research at UCSD. 

Dr. Ann Craig, Cornelius' wife, will 
also IJe joining the political science facul~y 
in the spring and work with ,the' new 
project. She has moat recently been 
te!lching at Clark University. 

The center will be located on Warren 
Campus, and will join the rest of the 
political science department moving from 
the Humanities Library later in the year. 

Lakoff hopes the new program will 
become an important national center for 
Mexi(Aln studies and can eventually offer 
positions as resident fellows to visiting 
scholars. 

I * ~ -- --
" I ----=--:-- ___ ~____________ __ ' 

Associated Students , 
University of California, San Diego 
Student Center, 8-023 
La Jolla, California 92093 

HH~LP 
Health Experience Learning Program . 

, presents 
UNlVEBBl'I'Y HOSPITAL 

VOLONT8:ERING 
PROGRAM 

If you are a Pre-Med, Pre-Dent, or Pre-Nursing 
student, or if you just like helping people, get 

involved in one of many positions as a hospital 
volunteer.·For example, you might work in: 

BULLETIN 
BOARD 
The ASUCSO Bulletin Board is a --The Emergency Room-
service provided joinlly by the Trauma Unit 
Associated Students' Government and P d' t' 
The Daily Guardian, providing student e la ncs 
organizations with an opportunity to Operating Room 
announce their meetings and activities 1ft S 'I C N 
free of chWge. Submiasions are due at n an pecla are ursery 
Th4l Dally GilaI'dlan offtcn by noon of or in one of many other positions. 
the Monday before the Wednesday on t----~--r-------------------...;.-.------which the announcement is to appear, 
and .. accepted strictly on a tint· 
come. fiFlt-aerved baaia. Neatness 
c:ounta-typed Copy cent_ad on an 
8 1/2 by 11 inch piece of paper is Ideal. 

GENERAL ,ORIENTATION 
Thursday, October 4 

7:00-9:00 pm 
TLH104 

STEAKS 
SANDWICHES 

. 

PIZZA 
Casually 
Sophisticateq 

"World's Most Unique Pizza" 
Lunch .• Dinner 

. T~keout, too! .. 

Directions: 1-5. or CQast Highway to Carmel 
Valley Road then west 112 mile. 

. . 

OPEN-
LATE 
• Stea.ks 
• Spaghetti 
• Pizza 

Bountiful • • 
Sandwiches 

• Beer 
Wine 

2212 Carmel Valley Road. Del Mar • 755-6778 



• 
WedIl."l, 8ep!. .. 1,.,. 

Drill Sgts Accused ' .of ~ Beating Marines 
May Face Trial 
Aher 116 Testily 

SAN DIEGO CAP) - A 
pneral was aaked yesterday 
to decide whether to court-
martial or clear three drill 
.ergeants accused of 
auaulting a whole company of 
Marines. 

The final decision was left to 
Maj. Gen. Charles G. Cooper, 
commanding ,-eneral of the 
Marine C~ Recruit Depot, 
after a Ie y process of fact-
finding a recommendations. 

A total of 116 recruits 
te.tified at a month.long 
hearing that they were beaten 
early June 26 in their 
temporary barracks at nearby 
Camp Pendleton. 

TheirJormai complaint .aid 
three drunken drill sergeants 
barged into ·the dorms, 
awakened the recrl;lib, 
ordered them to .tand in 
formation and then began 

punching, kicking and 
slapping them. 

Two recruit. tokl a hearing 
officer that Gunnery Sgt. 
Charles Bryant, 28, of 
Nashville, Tennessee, 
threatened later to "kill 
anyone" who told Marine 
officials about the incident. 

The young Marines all told 
similar stories of severe 
beatings, but attorneys for the 
three driJl sergeants claimed 
no serious injuries were found 
later by inspecting physicians. 

Almost 4,000 typed pages 
of testimony were taken at the 
hearing and forwarded, along 
with the hearing officer's 
recomendation, to Col. James 
Abraham, commander of the 
Recruit Training Regiment. 

Abraham's recommenda· 
tion was pa.sed to U. Col. 
Glen 1.. Hampton, legal officer 

of the base, and then to Gen. 
Cooper. 

An announcement from 
Cooper is expected by early 
next week. Meanshile, the 
sergeants were auigned to a 
work support battalion. All the 
recruits have graduated and 
gone to duty station. 

The driJl instructors - Staff 
Sgt. Joseph Lopez Jr., 23, of 
Fresno, California, Staff Sgt. 
Ricky L. Cross. 29, of 
Andarko, Oklahoma, and 
Bryant - could be charged 
with assault and violation of 
lawful orders and tried by 
general court-martial or a 

lesser court-martial. Cooper, 
on the other harid, could 
dismiss' the entire case. 

A fourth drill instructor, Sgl. 
Gilbert speck, 22, of 
Commerce City, Colorado, 
faces possible court-martial for 
dereldion of duty for failing to 
report assaults. 

Union Claims 'Harassment' 

AFSCME, Administration Get 
Ready for October Court Battle 

Conlinued from page 1 
in August contesting the legal basis of the 
AFSCME suit, charging that it "failed to state 
sufficient facts to constitute a case of action," 
but Judge Edward T. Butler overruled the 
demurrer and has allowed the case to proceed . 

The judge did request, however , that 
AFSCME attorney Christopher Ashcraft take 
20 days and amend the complaint after the . 
judge said it was "vague," Stronski says. 

Ashcraft's amendments were submitted last 
week and the union expects to see the university 
in court in late October, .says Stronski. 

Stronski says tha i the lawsuit has already 
changed the administration attitude toward the 
union, making collective bargaining a "more 
formalized" procedure ~n campus. 

UCSD officials named in the suit are 
Chancellor William McElroy. Vice Chancellor 
of Administration Bud Sisco (both leaving in 
June), personnel staff member Edwin 
Linneman, Ddia Talamantez and Quelda 
Wilson. 

UC officials involved In the case were 
unavailable for comment. 

- STA-RTS FRIDAY FQith, 

I 
I 

1& ... the Deltas 
...... theru ...... 
ehe ...... 1oat1 

1IAft •• ·1. 
. J,Jl ...... ~ 
AM_~L_ 

A com.dy 110m Ikw.nol I'IcIuIes 
THE MATTY 5I.WJ()NS • IVAN REITMAN POOOUCTlON 
"NATlONAllAMPOO~n ANIMAl. HOlJ5[" ....... JOHN D£LUSHf · TlMMAJHESON · JOHN VEANON • VErINA 1ll00M 

THOYAS HULa end DONAlD SUTHffilAND .. .-.... Produced by WoTTY SWMQNS and IVAN ~ITMAN 

1-
, ~\L< 
FLOWER CINEMA 

! 
3- J 

Sci ence and the 

. 7FtI'!!P ! . HUOPT/rACV'''' """'''00 . .c: UnI_rdt1 wtheru o..uh (_.r of .... 11. Co11 .. ) 
"" LA .Jella SNI .... Drh'_ , et .. n .. 1'.rr., " ... .,., 
':)0 p... DUSDt 7:00 p... Dl5CUUICli 
6: 0 p... rusarrAnOll 7:." ... ~ 
"'l7 -1ft"', ~~ .,., ,.1 .. M ScriaH· 

It ...... ., .. ..,. SM •• (,lrIplu) 
'~hY I Dr. ' __ 1 "INA, Ytce-Ctwo.w:oUot 'or 

Ac .... c AI ..... o ('-101t0t7) 
lDI' -&t'-I{.f'l.e DtdUu.t,. : ""'0 ... AJrwo" 

!.l!!t!!.1' .aulet ..... ( .. t ....... 'I ... ) 
!!!!luI Dr. Dee .. u • .u. aa.lrw. of 1101 ... 

hptIr~.t 
10/11 .~ .. "l~: ~w.. "'-' lINd ..,. 

~I a-.. h n..... ,..t"'oc to .... tlc. 
!M!.l!z.1 k. It .. ~ (tllo'.,) 

U/' .. """ ....... Hgioet: CoMtJowti"" RoZ.tw-,..· 
!.l.!:D!!1' 'our Catpatt ( .... lc.) 
l!U!!z1 Dr. DIoull ........ (c ..... ,..,) 

1l/U .. ".. Ito&. 01 ~ ... f'actIIMloe iN dtot """ 0/ U/." 
.l.l!II!!1r 'auldo .... (.I~laa> 
l!!.!!..lnl 11'. J.,.",. _elM C_c:a.r..al..,) .... 

( .......... ~ dte wtllu ••• a-.n c.t"'Uc .. t.1~J 
• uU'i .. at UCIO •• UU1., .. wUh tIM OIUc. or •• uat-e 
"'_lI'.) . 
Pft , ....... c (ft'.Nell .. , tda"'" 4S)-'~U. 'U-UU I .c 

U'~)3. 

There Is no automatic Insurance coverage. 

"Cover 
Your 
Bod" 

Enroll now 
. for 

health insurance. 

Available from insurance representative 
at Student Health Services. 

Monday thru Thursday. 9 am to 2 pm. 

All registered students find post docs are eligible. 

7 

Tak-e ;, ·this Sportsmanship :and Shove It 
By WiD Grimsley 
APSpeci"~t 

Whatever happened .,(0 the great 
American apirit of sportlmanship? 

Who tossed the dagger that .lew 
Grantland Rice's immortal lines, 
"When the Great Scorer comes to write 
against your Mme ••• it matters not 
whether you won or lost, but how you 
played ·the game?" 

Who snuffed out Baron Pierre de 
Coubertin's theme that the joy of 
Olympic sports lies "not in winning but 
in taking part?" What of the Duke of 
Wellington's and General 
MacArthur's exhortations about the 
value of the fields of "friendly strife?" 

Bosh! Sentimental rubbish, you say, 
reviewing some of the events of the 
past summer. 

At Wimbledon Jimmy Connors 
losel! a semifinal tennis match to Bjorn 
Borg, brushes past sedate All-England 
dub officials, slams the door of his 
limousine while snapping, "You can 
take this toumament and shove it." 

A week later, Jimmy's pal, Vitas 
Gerulaitis, nonnally a very nice kid, 
loses a tennis match at Fore'st Hills to 
Poland's Wojtek fibak. Instead of 
walking to the net for the traditional 
handshake. the playing pro of Studio 

54 wheel.. picks up his raquets and 
flees the prem!ses. 

The incident provoked this 
dissertation from our Polish guest: 
"These young American players -
they not only do not act like gentlemen, 
but not like people. They grow up in a 
way that they only know to win. They 
never team to lose. They act like 
robots. They have no manners." 

In Seattle, the New York Yankees 
take a drubbing from the lowly 
Mariners, and Lou Piniella, with a 
short temper fuse but normally affable, 
throws a glove at baseball's famous 
"Chicken" and singes the bird's 
feathers with searing epithets. 

A couple of days later, Reggie 
Jackson breaks up Nolan Ryan's no-
hitler in the ninth and gestures to the 
press box as he rounds first. "Bush," 
says Rod Carew. "And I'm going to tell 
him when I see him." 

But the coup de grace of Yankee 
arrogance and lack of class is saved for 
the Pan Am gamed in San Juan, 
Puerto Rico, where our 

But the coup de grace of Yankee 
arroiance and lack of class is saved for 
the Pan Am games in San Juan, 
Puerto Rico, where our awesome red, 
white. and blue forces run rough·shod 

W.ter Polo: Some bright spob, but still inconailtent 

Soccer Standout Has It All 

over smaller and weaker rival. of the 
. hemisphere. 

This i. an ideal platform for Bobby 
Knight of Indiana University. coach of 
the US basketball team, the man 
whose credo is "Win, win, win." 

First, with his team leading the 
Virgin Islands by 35 points, Knight 
berates an official 10 vigorously he is 
thrown out of the game. He draws a 
reprimand from the International 
Amateur Basketball Federation. 

He subjects one of his player., 
Isaiah Thomas, to a brutal tongue 
lashing in front of everyone, then grab. 
the youngster and continues the tirade 
all the way to the locker room - an 
ugly, demeaning act. 

Knight objects strenuously when a 
group of female players wander in on 

. his practice session 10 minutes before 
schedule and he gets into a hassle with 
a Puerto Rican cop. Knight says the 
cop stuck a finger in his eye, the cop 
says he was slugged. Both bring 
charges. Knight doesn't .how up to his 
trial and receives a jail sentence, which 
he refuses to serve. 

.As if this isn't enough to shatter 
international relations for eons, the 
Indiana firebrand puts on a distressing 
exhibition after the American 
basketball team has beaten Puerto 
Rico for the championship 113·94. 

Big Deal. The USA, biithpJace and 
capital of the hoop aport. a nation of 
230 mil~on, whip. a ~ttle island nation 
of 2.5 million. OK Bobby, go blow 
your hom. 

Riding the shoulder. of his victorious 
players, the coach raileS hi. fi.t in a 

GeruIait .. : UMd to be • nice kid 

Waterpolo Troubles 
Need ' Quick Answers 
Leadership, 3 Starters Gone, 
Defense Also a Worry lor Coach 

B, Jon Goetz 
- Sports Editor 

A. the water polo team enters its critical early season whirl 
through two tournaments and another game tomorrow night, 
Coach RUN Hafferkamp is worried. 

The team lacks leadership, three .tarters from last year'. 
squad are gone, and the defensive play is.tillspotly. As far as 
Hafferkamp is concerned, the team has two weeks to overcome 
these problems. 

"The next two weeks will reaDy dictate where we stand," he 
said. "This has alway, been a team where the light bulbs come 
on in mid-October. It'. important that we turn on the light bulbs 
in early October this year," he added. 

Last year the bulb burned out in mid-October when the team 
dropped six straight games. But it ~t up again in November with 
an eight-game winning string . 

T ommorrow night at 7 pm they begin the season at their home 
pool, where they face GroNmont College. 

Hoping to avoid another sporadic season, HaHerkamp will be 
working on a one-to-one coaching basis with t.is 

player., along with asa.tant 
coaches Dave Harry, back 

Goalie .Quick, Determined, Vocal from last season, and Scott Hinman, formerly the women's and men's JV water polo coach 
at UC Santa Barbara. 

By Tun Liotta 
Dedication i. a necessity to 

survive academically at 
UCSD. Sophomore Pat 
Robinson brings that attitude 
to the soccer field as the 
starting goaltender for the 
UCSD lOCCer team. 

"I'm very .critical," saya 
Robinlon, "there's always 
room for improvement." 

Hi. high .tandards seem to 
Item from his high school days 
when he stame! for Pt. Lorna. 
The team was highly ranked 
all three yean that he played, 
and Robinaon made all-league 
and aII·Clf tema . After Pt. 
Lc.na, he attended UCSB for 
• qurter t.fore lr~ 
here lut win ... a Polilical 
Science nug.. 

A .oaltencler requirea 
C(UicImeu, qjky and • IeI\Ie 
01 .ntieipIdiiIn, lIUl RGIIinson 
belie .............. be a WeI ........ _. 

"I think ..... hat to be 

vocal," Robinson says. sees something that is wrong, 
He's constantly shouting he'l bring it to my attention." 

criticizes his teammates, egos 
get bruised and communica-
tion breaks down. This doesn't 
happen with Pat Robinson. He 
enjoys a good rapport with his 
teammates and has their 
respect when he offers a few 
words of advice. 

instructions to his defenders. This kind of communication 
He takes on the role of is important in the I(ame. A 
quarterbacking the defense, soccer field is 10 wide that a 
having it set up as he sees the coach cannot always see what 
attacking team coming down is actually going on. With a 
the field. vocal goalie, a coach has an 

"Pat has a very strong extra set of eyes helping him 
~rsonali ty ," soccer coach cure defensive ills. 

Pat's passipn for the game 
isn't shared by UCSD. The 

Pfease tum to page 13 Stewart Hayes say.. "If he Sometimes when a player 
,-----~-----Sport. Short. --------'-----, 

Crew Coach Organizing Class 
Rowen and coxswaina don't have to wait 

wIIiI sprint to beaPn crew practice. Coach J~k 
V .... just back from coachinl in Europe. 

~dy couldn't wait either. TOhiaIht ..... 
Thunday nicht he', hoIcIiq meetin .. for ,..,.. 
pectiw tum memben at 7:30 in HLl438. 
Preaeuon practice ruM thrauIh the winter. A 
apeciaI two-week introductar)o cr-...... 0cto-
ber 1 in the walerwayl 01 Million Sa,. 

tfaJrJ SItuaIIoa 
n.s.n0iel0 P ...................... 

by " tu.ir, aN'ordi"l to owner Ray Kroc:. Kmc. 

fined S 1 00,000 thia summer for tamper;n, with 
players from other learns, is now tamperint 
with hi. own pla,ert' bearda. "I don't have 
anythina apinIt bearda," manapr Rota Crail 
told the team, "but Mr. Kroc doeen't like them 
10 DObody is ... to haye one unIiI alter the 
_ends." 

Cub s.ec. T"...a. 
Soccer seaeon ...... thia month f« the 

UCSD Soccer Cub. Three lMmI of cilferenl 
...., .... c..-on SuncIa,., hom Octo-

rr..-. .... Io~ 13 

Hafferkamp, Harry and Hin-
man ahould be able to coach 
out the "weak links" in the 
offense, but they can't produce 
a leader for the team. 

Lasr year Tom Jorgenson, 
who has since graduated, led 
the tearn "in his own quiet 
way" according to Hafferkamp. 
Now without a replacement for 
Jorgenson. the team \acJg direc· 
tion. "It's a psychological tNng 
- just knowing that someone 
is there," explained the COKh. 

Juniors Dan Crane and Kai 
LoedeI wiD most &atei)' iii that 
void. Carne. who spent part 01 
his off IeUOft coachint the 
newly-formed women's water 
polo team. made mill)' key 
delenaive play. in 1978 ud 
_ put in 28..,... 01 his own. 
He can also be the molt v0la-
tile member of the ..... , ... -
tint eiectecl from the .--
more tMn anyone elM. 

.......... the ..... 44 
...... .... ,., and • CGnIiIt· 

I"f.i.aM .... to"." 1 .. 



~8~ ______ ~ ________________________________ ~~~~Dm~~~~au.dmn~~~ ________ ~ ______________ ~~~=n=~~da.~Se t.28,19~ 

EAP Opporturiity for 'Goal Oriented' 
By Jennifer Warren 

New cultures, languages, 
and a full year of credit c1auea 
are available to the UC .tudent 
willing to spend a year abroad. 

About 680 .tudents from 
the nine U.C. campu.e. 
pa1icipate in the education 
Atwoad program, the .y.tem 
exchante center. 

Thi. year, 75 UCSD 
students are spending up to an 
entire year at Me of 46 .tudy 
center. in 20 countries. 
Participants tend to be 
"lOIDewhat goal·oriented and 
able to assimilate easily to a 
new academic environment," 
accordin8 to Hannelore 
Moore of the Office of 
International Education. 

transportation to the study 
centers is arranged by EAP, 
although students must plah 
their return trip. the minimum 
cost of a year in the program 
ranges from an estimated 
$3,973 for the nine month 
Mexico City program, to 
$6,386 for the 12 month 
tokyo program. The full range 
of financial aid is available, as 
well as several .cholarships 
reserved for qualified EAP . 
participants. 

One of eight students sent to 
UC this year by the 
International Christian 
University outside of Tokyo is 
Junko Take, a linguistics 
major. In relating her initial 
impression. of UCSD and ill 
atmosphere, Junko notes, 
"everyone here is very friendly 
and helpful. Yet it is hard to 
talk deeply with people as I am 
not too confident with the 
language." 

She expresses surprise' at 
the co·ed dormitories, 
nonexistent in Japan, and 
finds the high noise level 
annoying at times. 
She said she has made few 
~hanges in lifestyle, . as Japan 

has become quite Americaniz· 
ed , althol;!gh clothes s~yles do 

' difff'r considerably. the most 
noticeable difference in 
.urroundings, Junko noted , is 
"!he great amount of space 
and trees" here in California. 

Daphne Prentice, an 
American literature major 
from Sussex, England, is very 
enthusiastic in speaking about 
EAP. "Spending a year 
studying in another country is 
an excellent way to become 
involved in a new culture and 
learn more about yourself. " 

She pointed out that many 
differences exist between the 
U.S. and the United Kingdom, 
although ' there is no language 

They feel Fulfilleel 

barrier . "College life here is 
much looser, there is more 
more flexibility." 

Daphne was quick to say 
penple on and around campus 
have been "one hundred 
percent helpful." The one 
problem she dealth with the 
problem she faced, dealt with 
the less efficient ' public 
transportation system in the 
San Diego area as compared 
to sussex. This she solved by 
purchasing a car. 

Contact Phyllis Clark or 
Hannelore Malone at the 
Office of International 
Education in the Administra· 
ti.ve complex for more 
information. 

Students accepted by the 
Faculty Selection Committee 
receive units and grade. for 
c.oune. taken at the host 
inatitutiona. As daua in non· 

Housing offices at each 
.tudy center aid .tudents in 
finding low cost accomoda· 
lions on or near campus. 
IUniversities· in Germany, 
Austria and the Scandinavian 
and African countries provide 
on·campus dormitories as one 
option. Other types of housing 
include living in private 
homes, . apartments or 
boarding houses. Conductors Live Longer 

F.aPah apeakin, countries will Th e pr 0 II ram b ri n g. 
be taught in the native ltudents here, too. Approxi. 
I~~a!e, .tudent. are mately 80 undergraduate and 
expected to be lingui.tically 120 graduate .tudents from 
preparell. foreign countries are attending 

In many countries, intensive UCSD this fall. Upon arriving 
Ian,uase programs precede here, explained EAP Dean 
the.tart 01 the academic year. Phylli. Clark, the.e ".uper. 
S ......... lions are offered gualified" students take the 
in Italy and Japan, and are Toefl teat, to measure their 
required for admittance to the English competence. They are 
International Chri.tian then referred to engli.h 
University outside of Tokyo. preparation cour.es, varying 

Participants in E.A.P. pay from one to one tutor sessions 
UC regi.tration fees, to mere oral practice and 
transportation expenses, room lrevi.ion. Students then follow. 
and board, books and UCSD 's normal course 
peraonal expenses. Low·coat procedure. 

~----~----------~ 

By Eric Harpel! 
Science Editor 

In the search for the secrets of 
human longevity, a UCSD 
researcher hal been led to the 
door of many specialists in his 
avocation - classical music. 

UC San Diego School of 
Medicine epidemologist, 
Donald H. Atlas, an amateur 
musician , and symphony 
devotee, was fascinated by his 
observation that conductors 
seem to ~ve longer than most 
mortals. . 

Atlas decided to put his 
theory to the test, statistically 
compiling the lifespans of 35 

S&~CREATION 
BIZA1t~ 

Sept. 27th 2-7 P.M. 
MUIR FIELD 

Win: 
Sports Equipment 
Gift C .. lifie.l .. 
Complimentlry Dinners 
Cloth .. 

Conttrt Tid, t, 
Rn:ord Albums ' 
T.sty T ... tt 
And Much Mo .. 

Meet Coaches &: Athletes 
From Intercollegiate Teams 

Talk with Representative5 

From: ~~~'::"~~~lon 
I"t,,-..,al Sports 

Compete for Many Great Prizes 
in the SkiUs Contest &: in the: 

. ~ .... ' .... © 
. ~. .. \ . 

.. ~ 

deceased major symphony 
leaders. The results . were 
recently reported in the 
American College of Physi. 
cians' Journal, Forum on 
Medicine. 

Atlas believes superior 
intelligence, unusual talent or 
genius, driving motivation, and, 
most importarit, a sense of 
fulfillment derived ·from world 
recognitiony- are responsible for 
the conductors' longevity. 

Conductors live an average 
of 73.4 years, Atlas found, as 
compared to a 68.5 year 
lifespan for the average 
American male. (Mortality data 

We came 2,200 miles 
to these sunny shores 
with three delectable 

by R.cIIo Prno,,,,UIift 
CONTEST OET AILS: . 

-T ·Shirts to ... entrants 

, . 

pizza recipes: 
flat, deep dish, and Pizza Pot Pie. 

We serve them in 
a cozy and classy 'settint( 
with good music 
and sexy waitresses! 

for males was chosen as the 
basis of comparison since 
women have only recently been 
conductors . Interestingly, 
Nadia Boulanger, the first 
woman to conduct a full concert 
of the New York Philharmonic, 
did so at the age of 75.) 

Examples of longevity in the 
symphonic world . include 
Arturo T oscanini, who lived an 
active life to the age of 90; 
Brunb Walter, to 85; Walter 
Damrosch, to 88; and Leopold 
Stokowski, to 95. 

According to Atlas, ' 
Stokowski epitomizes the 

PLease tum to paRe I J 

II J DtvWoN: M_ SitIIIa. Worn .... SIftIIes 
• Milled DouI>In 

' . JI PriIIn: TftIphift 10.11 wln.wn ........ 1Il00 
oth".,..... 

4605 E. Minion Bay Drive 
(1/2 block IOUth of Gart*t) 

1) WinMf II the IIIIry (-taa the "'.,.. piwI 
in ., ",In. nw,. ......... 

~) To Enm: Slan .... in m ... tion offi« on 
TIIUIf.S.. 171h ~~~--"------'-------::--- 272.2400 

W~e~d~n!e8~d~a~y~,~Se~p~t~.!26~'01~9~7~9 ____________________________ ~Th~e!nm~ww~:~~~~~ ______ ~ ______________________ -===============9 
Not Year of Any thing_ 

. Summer Films Defy Labels 
By Lynette Tom • 

. Senior Staff Writer 
The summer of 1979 will 

probably go down in the 
motion picture history as the 
season of the horror film 
(Dracula , Nightwing , 
Prophecy; and The Amityville 
Horror) and the adventure 
movie (Escape To . Athena, 
Escape From Alcatraz , 
Firepower, and Moonraker). 
A closer examination of the 
forty or so theatrical releases 
throughout the city wi! prove 
these stereotype's to be 
figments of publicity 
machines . 

The In Laws is one of five 
exceptions in the comedy 
category. Andrew Bergman's 
screenplay of the merry 
mishaps of Sheldon Kompett 
and Vince Ricardo recalled a 
bygone era when slapstick was 
the reigning force and laughter 
was only a sight gag away. 
Controlling the screen like a 
contemporary version of 
Laurel and Hardy, Alan 
Arkin and Peter Falk left little 
room for the supporting cast of 
Nancy Drussett, Arlene 
Golonka, Michael Lembeck, 
and Penny Peyser. Two 
notable exceptions were 
James Hong as an Oriental 
flight attendent and Richard 
Libertini as a Latin American 
dictator. The In·Laws aptly 
demonstrates that schlick and 
schmaltz still have a place 
hearts of its viewers. 

The disaster film is now in 

its waning stage , but this is not 
to say that it will ever reach 
the motion picture industry's 
depths of obscurity. 
Catastrophe movies are 

_exemplified by Concorde: 
Airport '79. lhis latest sequel 
would make author Arthur 
Hailey regret he had written 

his original novel , with a 
hardcore soap opera by 
scenarist Eric Roth and 
haphazard editing by Dorothy 
Spencer. The visual special 
effects by Abe Milrad had 
more life than the all·star cast, 
which Included Alain ~Ion , 
'Robert Wagner, and yes, even 

John Davidson. If there was 
anything good about 
Concorde: Airport '79, it was 
that it did not take itself 
completely serious, as did its 
three preceding sequels. As to 
whether this was intentional is 
left to the viewer's discretion. 

The days when the entire 
family could watch the same 
motion picture are slowly 
making a comeback in 
popularity. Of the four efforts 
shown this summer~ The 
Muppet Movie is definitely the 
leader. It is a fanciful look into 
the origins of these 
combination marionette and 
puppet characters. Screen· 
writers Jerry Juhl and Jack 
Bums constructed the story in 
the precarious format of a 
movie·within·a·movie·within· 
a·movie and laced the 
dialogue with old puns and 
stale jokes which the adult 
portion of the audience may 
have found embara.sing. But 
adorable qualities of the 
Muppet creations, plus cameo 
appearances by such 
celebrities ·as Mel Brooks, 
Madeline Kahn, Steve Martin, 
and Richard Pryor, the 
delightful special effect. of 
Robbie Knott, and energetic 
compositions by Kenny 
Ascher and Paul Williams 
fulfilled The Muppet Movie's 
claim of being "more 
wonderful than humanly 

'bl ' " poSiI e. 
The political machine of 

Washington, DC was but one 
of the subjects explored by The 

The DaDy Guardian 

Arts 
Seduction of Joe Tynan . The 
film is a telling character 
sketch of a senator 
inadvertently distracted from 
those things he cherishes most 
in his life and the subsequent 
battle of priorities between 
career, family and friends. 
Only Alan Aida could have 
scripted it and portrayed the 
protagonist. Hi. daughter.to. 
father talks were typical 
generation gap flack, just as 
the conversations with his wife 
were predictable marital.pats. 
However, Aida's handling of 
the love affair between Tynan 
and an 'ambitious lawyer and 
dealings with his fellow 
senators were both lijrht-
hearted and poignant. rIDe, 
although abbreviated 
performances by Meryl 
Streep, Barbara Harris, 
Melvyn DoUglass, and Rip 
Tom complemented that of 
Aida's. Overall, The 
Seduclion o( Joe T""an haa a 
subtle strength and .tatement 
identifiable to politically and 
non.politically minded 
viewers. 

Describing the entertain· 
ment value of Meatball. 
requires an ahalogy with 
sharpened fingernails scraping 
along a blackboard. The film, 
about the rigors of summer 
camp, was a desperate grab 
for cheap laugh., as well as a 
blatant attempt to cash in on 
the monetary success created 
by National Lampoon's 
Animal Hoose. Bill Murray 

Please tum' to page 13 

GET AWAY FROM IT ALL ... -

I • 

I I 

Live alone in quiet 
downtown La Jolla. 

Your own-studio apartment . 
$250 / month . 

·Utilities included. 
Close to . bus and shopping. 

, , 

Call 481-267 4 for appt. 



a,L,..u.T .. ~ 
Senior !taft Writ. Althoup the ICheduIe of 

bF.r.;o,c,-= 
~;wh .. h.~omea. 
combination science teacher, 
boarder, and suardian angel 
to five kids who are straying 
off their paths in life after the 
death of their parents. His 

.~pta to prevent the eldest, 

kid brother, but his comedic 
touch is-unique. 1he Richards 

,siblings run the gamut of child 
types, from Clark Brandon'. 
incIependence-seeking H;·year· 

~T~ 

Robin Wdliams as Mork cere 
tainly did nat hurt the o~ 
hour.long.episode of Out Of 
The Blue, and the aerie.' time 
.tot before the 8 pm mi.adven· 
tures of Boulder'. resident alien 
win no doubt aid in edging it. thia week. ABC ,ot a head· art. CBS and NBC point an 

ac:CUIint finaer al Out Of The 
~~ Barash carries the meaning of 

pn~aI7p.",.Sunday,Out the word 'cynical' to new heights. 
01 The Blue is an alphabet Chris Richards, from quitting f().year-old Stacey, to the Keller . competitors, CBS's 60 Min-
soup mixture of Bewitched, highachoolandconvinceChria'. twin.' miachivou. identical 8· utes and NBC'. Wonderful 
HMven Can Walt, I Dream Laura, of his identity, while year-old., Shane and JasQn. World Of Disney, from rat-
a ...... MyFIIVIIIie...... aI.o contending with the child- However, the limelight goes to ing. dominance. 
and a half a dozen other unre· rena' provincial Aunt Marion, Olivia Barash, whose portrayal Bdieve it or not, 240-Robert 
Iated projecb. However, the their rambunctious housekeeper, of 13.year-old Laura carrie. is already one week old, hav-
.... poIionsaepiecedtogelher GIadys,andtheheavenlybou'. · the~olthe~"cyncaI" iog made it. 8 pm, Monday 
with such charm and sincerity ever-cautioua supervision, make to new heights. Dixie Carter, . debut on September 3. Dwayne 
to their reapec:tive productionJ for light family entertainment. HamahDean,and....."Hedcart L. "Thib" Thibideaux and T.R. 
that viewers can excuse the NewcomerJame. Brog~ia are a credit to their roles of "Trapw AppIegateareLoe~ 
pIaaiariam. every inch his character, Ran· Aunt Marion, Glady., and the deputies who search and rescue 
- RancIotb is a heavenly beinj dorn;!:l!j>,sical appearance Bo •• Angel. people by dan, and chase and 
with an earthly aaipunent to may' him for Uy Tomlin'. The Special appearance of woo their helicopter pilot and 
Bare Wire. (Part IV 

• 

Wowd.pJty,Morg.,W~ 
every spare moment thel have. 
Not even Emertency. John 
Cage and Roy DeSoto ever 
performed .uch aerial .pecta. 
de. and .tunts. But the roman· 
tic side has all been done before. 

The la.t time viewers uw 
Mark Hannon, he was a police 
officer with brown hair and 
had a labrador named Sam a. 
hi. partner in the lIerie. of the 
.ame title. He, i, .till in the law 
enforcement profeuion as Thib, 

. but hi. hair i. now a Southern 
California surfer blonde and 
hi, co· workers are much more 
attractive, humanly-speaking. 
Joanna Cas.idy in the role of 
Mogan i, as gutsy and efficient 
as female helicopter pilots come. 
John Perry Bennett in the part 
of Trap prove. to be no threat 
to Erik. Estrade fan" out no 
one can blame him for taking 

Please tum 10 page 13 

Talking La , Joiia ... Oh, What the , Hell 
Bob gathered whal lie could glance to the cash regi.ter. and so he could piIer razor blades, C8irIa said it made him look like the comer to the alley when a 

of his wits and walked hurriedly noticed a boxboy walking by' soda and soap from the PX. .JImmy Page) was oily and .trona ann hooked aioWld hi. 
to the bakery ai.Ie" nearly with a feather dUiter. Then he Bob's hunpi' inc:reuecI. He matted, a wild nest of tangles. own. The hand linked to the 
coIIicing with two old women looked over to the meat section, anIic:iNIed hit eaiC8pe route, the With the shades on, he looked arm grabbed onto his coat. 1he 
aDd a junior hiP kid who was where he saw the woman place one tfaat's worked before, more like a bum. he pulled a bnuh hand spun him around. 

holding a hit~ be, that W8I a package of pork .ausage into , than once. Up the aisle, hang a \from his back pocket, one with He was facing two people, a 
Jar., than Ilia head. her ba.ket before roI~ it off left put the check out stands, .Iiff bristles, and puIJed throush boxboy holding ooto one of 

He was thinking of jWlk.food out of sight: Bob 'put a loaf of duck Wlder a chrome bar ' that his acaIp for a few seconds. He those rubber bars used to 
- T winkiea, anowbaD., fake bread back on the shelf and took separated the Ai_ from the PtJIIed a bushy clump of hair separate customer's groceries at 
chocolate fudale, &uit pie. - a breath. He was confident liquor department, bolt through from the bristles and looked the check out stand thai he 
and swore softly when he saw He walked down the aille in an' the doors, and then ma,b a mad around for a place to dump it, bounced back and forth in hi. 
their rac:1p at the end of a very ' exaggeratecl-atride, hi. long Ie~, ,run down the alley to a favorite ' but instead 'crammed it into an hand like someone inte~ no 
long aisle. At the same end was re.emblini a pair of scissor. , brick wal behind the boule of outaide coat pocket. Under the ,good, a short, thick.set, no-
the meat section, ~ here a cutting coiiduction paper. , someone he didn't know, where dinofcuh~clancingwas necked man in a green jacket 
woman wei bendi~ into the At the funk food rack, he he'd sit and cram the stuff into another bel a different kind with a pla.tic laminated 
di.play freezer to weigh in.tantly calculated what he his moudi in short order. He soundina ike a ship's beD Safeway 10 card dipped to his 
differenl hamburaer package. wanted and apened hi. jacket straightened : himself to see IiaJnUng light'. out. brea.t DOCket. 
'with her hand •• The aisle ' was with one hand, with the other coast .. a. clear, but aD he' iaw A woman's voice came over "May I see your receipt," 
otherwise empty. Bob stroDed one grabbing tbecontraband - was a reflection of him.elfin a the store P.A. "Mr. Kipe, asked the man. The boxboy 
the aisle in mea.ured stepa, cherry fruit pie, a padc of six fiIr wall-aized minor behind the register five, Mr. Kipe ... " Bob bounced the rubber bar futer. 
p-etending to be interested in ban, an eskimo pie - ana meat COlDIter that stretched zipped up Ilia jacket, walked ' ''Recei~t? I didn't buy 
~ves of bread, hot dog and cramming them into a deep from one end of the store to the down the aisle. turned left. an~,' Bpb offered lamely. 

, hamburger bWl. and breakfast inaide pocket. His brother other. He didn't like the way he dll<:.ked under the chrome bar You got that 'righl." The 
cereal, even going 10 far to pick .Ro~t had sewn the pocket i~ looked. ' a weD-rehearsed stoop, and man, .tiI holding Bob'. arm, 
up a box or .a loaf and stare at there when he was at the Marine His hair, nonnaUy his pride headed for the exit. The door motioned with a move of the 
the ingredients. He shot a boot camp in Quantico VIJ1inia and 'joy when it was washed opened. He was about to tum PI«ue tum 10 pafe 14 

c.2 CJ-9 
Jlc~ I ntunship Prcyram 
-- ' CORDIALL Y INVITES - , ---

ALL PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE 
ACADEMIC INTERNS TO JOIN US 

AT THE INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR A 

lJin£ anrl ChR£se 
I- '&aptiLm 

;,,-_"'" October 2nd, 3:30 to 5:30 'pm 

"r -

I 
I 

let's talk about Academic Internships 
as a way to ... 

, ... eam credit for off-campus learning 
... complement your studies with full or plrt 

time placements throughout San Olego CoUnty 
... check out career goals while rT]89tlng new people, making new 

contacts and developing new skills. 

RSVP ·452-4355· Non-atcoholic beverages will be served. 

, STARTS FRIDAY-
I What happens when kids groW up 

. ' and parents don't. , 

I • 

L'- FLOWER 

WedII .. dal, Sept. 18, 1m 
' .. . 

DWICHES 
' . 

DESSERTS • 



11 
- ------ ----._------ ------

Aro.und---
--------Town 

Two eminent ~terPreters of modern piano literature, . Karle 
and Martant Kohn, pay tribute to French composer Olivier 
M ••• i_.'. 70th birthday in a performance of his powerful song 
cycle, Vlliona de l'Amen, Friday, October 5, 8 pm, in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. Meuiaen'. music move. around the 
poOt;the theoIolPcaI truths of the Catholic faith, the great themes 
01 love, and the creal truths 01 nature. It reflects deep involve-
ment with Gregorian chants, scales and 'rhythms of Indian 
muSic, the bannonic lanpage of Debuuy and Ravel, as weD a. 
a paaion for birdt and their IOIl8s. 

VIIiona, a piece that'. spiritual and mystical in concept, was 
COIIIpOIed after Messiaen'. repatriation from a German concen-

traIian amp in 1943_ It expo! .. his profound reIqpoua belief, 
which the c:ompoeer considers the moet sipiIic:ant aspect 01 his 
lilt. , L_ Karluind Maa .. ealCahn have performed widely. both IJICI1I 
..... O .... M 11Ieir .......... emphasize modern literature for 
two piMoa, ..... for ~ for two players. Their achievel1)ei'lll 

~ from the finI U.S. perfonnance of SIructures, Livre,by 
BouIez, to lnpWkoff'. Concerto for two pianos, perfonnecl in 
HrI· •. 

The canc:ert • free and open to the public_ 
Jle;b .. T.ebkJ, world famoua c~tra bau player, will be 

the featured performer when the La JoDa Civic/Univenity Sym-
phony and Oaorus perform in the Mandeville Auditorium at 8 
pn'I, November 10, and November II at 3~. Turet.ky will 
pedOl'lll the Grand Concert Piece f. Double But and 
Orchwlr. by Drqonetti. ne Orchestra. conducted by Th0-
mas Nee, wiIf play the premier of £ilht Comments on Califor. 
nia Weather by Ogdon, Overture to Leonora No. i,by Bee-
thoven, ana Symphony No_ 3 by Brahms. Tickets may be 
bought at the UCSD Box Office, Ticketron, The Turntable, or at 
La Joia Music. CaD 273-3335 for more information. 

The La Jolla Civic/Vniversity Symphony and Chorus Asso-
ciation presents a jazz festival, featuring the talents of Joe 

'MariUo, Art Pepper, flo Brigham Preservation Jazz Band, 
Jeff Jefferiea Ni,ht Band, and the Tom Bi.hop Quintet_ 
Sunday. October 14, 1 pm, in the Mandeville Auditorium. 
General admiuiOO is $5, .tudents, $2. 

INTRODUCTORY OFFER 
BRIDGET AND TRACY. THE 

NEWEST ADDITIONS TO 
OUR GROWING STAFF, 
OFFER TWO PRECISION 
STYLE CUTS FOR THE 
PRICE OF ONE! CALL 
TODAY TO MAKE AN 
APPOINTMENT FOR 

YOURSELF AND A FRIEND. 

POSm INSTNIT PRESS 

STUDENT 
RATES 
Instant Printing 
Photocopies 
Flyers for 

Student Organizations 
Resumes 
Typing 

7527 La Jona Blvd. 
At the corner of . 
Pearl and La Jolla Blvd. 

Wednesday, Sept. 26, 1979 

UCSD'. 'Other Gall~' 
'Other Gallery' Is No More 
Student Gallery Name Changes 
With Move to Mandeville ' 

By LyneHe Tom 
Senior Staff Writer 

Fall is known for being a 
season of many changes, ~ 
UCSD:s student art lIa11ery is 
ri,ht in the spirit 01 things. 
Once known as The Other .... 
Gallery, it has a new name, the 
Mandeville Annex, and a new , 
location • 

"It was felt that the space 
should be close to the activities 
of the ...... arts dep.rtment 
and the MandevIe ArtGalery," 

dtecI~Gerry~ 
as the reason behind the .tu-
dent ,.Iery's move from-Roorii 
1200 in the Humanities Library 
to room B-1118 in the Man-
cIeviIe Center. "We woulcUove 
for all students to come ~ 
.upport the galJery_" 

In addition to the two major 
transi.tionI, the po.ition of the 
gaDery'.1Iudent director ia being 
phased out in favor 01 employ-
qwork..audy lIudera_eecuity 
guards, and new track lighting 
i. being inltaIIed as a gift from 
the student gallery commiHee's 
poster sales. MacAllister a1.o 
hopes to see the surrounding 
courtyard converted into an 
eating area for lunching stu-
dents, profellOrl, and faculty. 

The Mandeville Annex will 
contin~e to hold, as in previous 
yean, art exhibitions which 
change from week to week. 

Both undergraduates and 

graduates are open to the 
galler),'s doors, ' although 
MacAllister is quick to point 
out that "visual arts student. 
have priority." Whatever the 
course of study, the individual 
fl' the group i. responsible lor 
all materials needed in the 
exhibition, as well as the job of 
letting up. 

"It is a tremendous learning 
experience for the students," 
said the curator. "lbey have a 
behinct.the-SCenel look at the 
hanging and OfJanizing of ex-
N~ti~,~the~.pe­
pare them fc»r the real world of 
,aiIery work." 

Interested students wiD have 
t~ wait u~ti1 after October 26 

• 

4Re SCaurf. cIll/air 

~ 
aeations 

25C off 
any purchase 

of $1.00 or more 
expira 1 October. 1979 

1030 Torrey Pine ••• -_., __ 
at Henchel 
. La Jolt. 

to display their work, since the 
.pace at the MandeviUe Annex 
i. booked. Its fint show .tarts 
this week with the art of Kim 
Kimball, and will be foUowed 
by those of Marsha Boston, 
Barbara Broughel, Pat Szy. 
delko, and David Wilson. A 
waiting list exists, and would-
be participants can have their 
names placed on it by contact-
ing Gerry MacAllister at exten-
sion 2864 or at her office in 
Mandeville 102A. She also 
encourages involvement with 
the student gallery committee. 
If interested, call Lydia FJliot 
in the visual arts department. 
Her extension is 2252. 

HUIft'IIDQI...-mII 
.... 7. 

LOCATED IN THE 
SUMMER HOUSE INN 

LA JOLLA SHORES SUBSCRIBE! 
PIecIIIoo HcJIrc:IMIng 

Cullom p_," JOneIIt W::Nt 
Hennas Ik:oIa1ng 

Sa1dro Hester - Owner 
Inqu ...... The Deily 0 .......... omo. 

W ~~edn~"~da-=y~,se~p_t._28~,_19_79 __________________________ 1he~~ 13 

New Shows Aided by ABC's Strength 
continueJ from /HJIC 10 
his beat stab at the impossible. 

With the success of CHIPS 
as a back-up, 240-Robert 
will probably have its share of 
the ratings. That is, if its poor 
scheduling does not stump the 
series first . The show is pushed 
out of its original time slot by 
Monday Night Football to an 
hour later, where it must con-
tend with CBS's formidable 
MASH and WKRP In Cin-
cinnati. This applies to only 
those who receive the Los Angdes 
affiliate. Non-cable homes can 
view the program at the hour 
of 4 pm Sundays. Either time 
slot spells an uncertain future 
for further episodes on the tel- . 
evision screen. 

premise: Joe Hamill is 
a tough newspaperman-
istrator. His sudden change of 
vocation comes when the jour-
nalistic life leads to an impend-
ing divorce 
and subsequent heart attack, 
thus placing him in the healing 
hands of cardiologist and future 
colleague, Doctor Mac St. Clair. 
However, the situations that 
revolve around and between 
Sinclair and -Hamill, SI. Clair 
and his wife, Gloria, and other 
guest star patients and staff, 
which include Olivia Cole ant\ 
Eli Wallach, are anemic and 
suffer from a ter.minal cale of 
hardened arteries. 

drama. 
Depending upon the cine· 

matic bill·ol.fare offered by 
both CBS and NBC, the life 
expectancy of The Lazaru. 
Syndrome is diagnosed as fair 
to good. Stories cured of infec-
tious aoapul operaritis could 
improve the prognosis for a 
successful operation. 

Shown at 8:30 pm, Thurs-
day night's Benson follows in 
the tradition of successful ABC 
spin-off •. If the inscrutable butler 
from Soap thought that the 
rnanagemertcJ the Tale 00u.eh0Id 
was a laborious task, then he'll 
quickly despaire of a well-earned 
convalescence while on loan to 
Mrs. Tate's cousin, the Governor. 

Benson takes the idiosyn-
crasies of the daft Governor 
Gatling, his eager-to-p1ease sec-
retary Marcy Hill, his head-
strong daughter Kelly, and his 
battleax housekeeper Gretchen 
Krauss with customary sarcasm 
and good-natured putdowns. . 

than ever as the protagonist. 
His series gives him ample 
room for continued acerbity, 
exemplified in hi. stormy con-
frontations with Inga Swenson. 
Her transformation from the 
complacent, natural Swedish 
mother of CorinneT ate to the 
fiercy, Gestapoesque German 
Ms. Krauss of the Ga~lings is 
abrupt, yet demonstrative of 
Swenson's wide acting range. 
The program also provides an 
opportunity for development 
of Benson's other personality 
facets, only glimpsed briefly in 
Soap. One such facet is Guil-
laume's mature treatment of 
young Missy Gold, who has 
been laking lessons on Little 
Rascals sass from Quinn Cum-
mings and apparently learned 
thernwdbherrole_KdyGaiq. 
Their conversations, hilarious 
endearing at the same time, 
are the best viewers will ever 
hear coming from a situation 

comedy made in pre-All In 
The Family days. ·They nar-
rowly edge, for the fint place 
position, thedialogue exchanges 
between Guillaume and James 
Noble, whose scaHerbraiiled 
antics as Governor Gatling, 
are no different, quality-wiae, 
to the ' flighty adventures of 
Katherine Helmond's Jessica 

T*-c.hM:~ 
the cast with her Iympathetic 
portrayal of Marcy Hill. 

As added protection from 
the oft-times ruthleu ratings 
race, Benson i. sandwiched 
between Laverne And Shir· 
ley and &arne, Miller. While 
it i. a gracioua move on the 
part of ABC, the time slot is 
actually not needed. The ser-
ies will have no problem in cIia-
posing the aginR Waitona of 
CBSorthejuwn1e ........ 
In The 25th Cenba'y of NBC 
on its own_ 

Scarcely has the medical 
series been tucked safely away 
in mothballs when ABC takes 
the genre out of storage again 
with the Tuesday evening ap-
pearance of The I...azarua 
Syndrome_ The 10 pm pro-
gram starts off with a .healthy 

The Jft.SeDCeoilouis Go..ett, 
Jr. as the distingUished Doct-or 
Sinclair. one 01 the lew redees.litg 
factors in the show. This, and 
the cat-and-dog relationship his 
character has with that of Ronald 
Hunter's, Joe Hamill. Sheila 
Frazier as Gloria does nothing 
more than add unwanted melo-

Border Agents 
Face Ch'arges 

Robert Guilraume is beHer 

Crowds 
Dishearten 
Soccer 
Team 

SUDlmer Movies 

Conlinued (rom page 1 
The indictment also 

charged Charest with lying to 
the grand jury on Sept. 20. 

All four were accused of 
conspmng to defraud the 
government by obstructing the 
lawful functions 01 the border 
patrol. 

The charge carries a 
maximum penalty of five 

• 
years in prison and a $10,000 
fine. The agents also were 
accused of depriving the 
immigrants of t,heir right, 
which carries a one-year 
prison (eIJll and a $1,000 fine. 

Charest faces up to five 
years in prison and a $10,000 
fine if convicted of lying to the -
grand jury. 

Productive Lives 
Mature Maestros 

Conlinued (rom 4>og,' 7 
fact the sport wmeli second to 
academics doesn't help him 
play. 

"Sports here at UCSD are 
so seconda ry," says 
Robinson, "there's no 
reward." 

Continued .from page 9 . . 
may have been the most 
recent of fledglings to leave the 
television' nest of Saturday 
Night Live, but someone 
forgot to tell him that he has to 
flap his wings in order to fly, 
because he made a spintail 
dive into the water with his role 
as head counselor Tripper . 
Instead, the ti tie of rising star 
went to Chris Makepeace, 
who debuted as a withdrawn 
and timorous eleven-year·old 
befriended by T rippe:r . An 
assault on the sensea of its 
viewers, Meatballs is a movie 
that's best avoided. 

Playing in front of crowds of The athletic life hal 
10 or 15 students doesn't do received an equally thorough 
much for the team's morale. pertlsal by the motion picture 
They put long hours into industry. Thi. summer, 

• -practices but find the student viewers were able to 'see five , 
continueJ from pofe 8 opposite effect. "I firmly believe body and administration not such celluloid in!pections. 
quality 'of life conduCtors seem that these men were protected interested. It becomes a Among them is The Main 
to enjoy even as they age. by some undetermined factors frustrating experience for the Event, which was not 10 much 

"TheBe maestros remain (from heart disease}," said entire team. It effects the spirit a boxing movie as it was the ' 
musically productive and Atlas. and eventually their play. regrettable return of the 
generally active in all phases of Barbra Streisand/ Ryan 
Me, virtually to the moment of S Ann t O'Neil comedy duo. Streisand 
death. Stokowski was married ports . ouncemen s plays her perennial kook, with 
for the third time at the age of the nonstop banter of a 

pummeling by the missable 
Main Event. 

1he demand for westerns 
has considerabl..l' dwincled in 
recent years: The Frisco Kid 
lowers public interest another 
inch or two. Robert Aldrich's 
direction 01 the Americani-
zation of Polish rabbi Avrarn 
Belinski, circa 1850, draws 
compari.on to the proverbial 
race between the tortoise and 
the hare. further inconsisten-
aies were lent by the crazy-
quilt editing of unwarranted 
cutaways and elongated 
takes. Gene Wilder's 
characterization of Avram is 
perfonned half-heartedly, and 
as a result, receives only half-
hearted Iaua-hs. while HArriAnn 
Ffl'd'i portrayal of · a gruff 
gunslinger with a heart of gold 
is an Earfhhound ancestor of 
Han Solo. Not a total disaster, 
The Frisco Kid is a likeable, 
but disappointing, contribution 
for those with a laste for tales 
of the Old West. 

Biron 
63. to a woman 42 years his carnival barker, for , the . CondrwwcIfrom ". 1 

. junior, and lalt April signed a Conlihued from paRt' 7 "Coaches think everyone is umpteenth time. The role 1968, was also the manager 
contract that would have ber through March tinduding talking about them. They showed' sign. of wearing itself of heavyweight boxer Ken 
extended ' to his tOOth weekends during the winter· don't realize they're justa out. O'Neat is reduced to a Norton,one.timechampionof 
birthday,'!. Atlal said. break. with teams from San coffee break. The onl), tine spinelellliump of a prizefighter the world. 

Althoukh Atla.'s finpil)8s Diego County. Tryouts wih be the people at Equitable Life for his manager, Streisand, to Biron i15 su.rviv~ by his wife 
would seem 10 contradict" held today from 5 to 6:30 pm Insurance or Sperry Rand talk bounce her diatribes off. He Jean, a daughter Patricai and 
research data indicating that and Sunday from 10 to 12 am about them is when they're only steps out of Streisand's a brother in florida. 1bere will 
work stress can be harmful to at Muir Field. Last season the eating danish. They all have omnipresent shadow fQr brief be no services. 
coronary prone per.onali· brst team ~on lhe league, and their own problems ... " AD moments. An insipid disco The vice chancellor eamed 
types, he feels that the dub Pres. Paul Farnsworth McGuire, former basketball soundtrack by Paul Jabara a law degree at the University 
"gratifyi"g stress" which fills predicll another first place coach, on coaches, as and sluggtish boxiifg matches of Minnesota and moved to 

.conductors lives may have the finish this year. reported in Newaday. add knockout blows. to the San Diego in '}943. 
--------~----------------------~--------------------------~--=----- ~--

seeks to employ , 
qualified UCSD 

students 
start $3.2S/hr. 

apply in person. 
2206 Carmel Valley Road 

Del Mar 
en equal opportunity employer 

• 

Positions Open 
For Qualified 
Applicants 

I cook I busperson I server 
Pick up application at 
2212 Carmel Valley Road / Del Mar 



14 
'De DIIt 0 ." 

Cheating Inflation 
cont • .....J from "'* 2 
lola of chance for theft, fraud 
and tax evasion becau.e 

...a.;.... • .1 __ ' __ L .. 
~J'u"'.' uuno; U1 CIUII. 

Deapite the Iar. number of 
unemployed and poor people 

• in the neiahboril18 Oakland 
flatlands. Oaldand _police have 
10 fat successfuDy lobbied 
against Mlling up a flea 
market there becau.e the 
deparbnent fean it would 
become a hot-bed of crime. 

But Canon points out that 
even the relatively small 
Berkeley market is under 
con.tant .urveillarice from 
BART and city police. "Moat 
people don', realize it ... Carson 

a. "but there are regular . e patrola through here . lor anything with aerial 
nwnberL to 

Like nearly everything else 
in Berkeley. the frea market 
baa been an arena for local 
poIitica since the day it began. 
Canon and the other 
empioyeea keep ten stalls set 
Miele for community Foupa 
that lip up week. in advance 
for the .pace. Local 
cqanizationa that have used 
the a.nwIret .. a fund·raiter 
...... from the Boy Seouta 
and the Oakland Youth 

. Symphony to Berkeley 
Citizen'. Action and the Black 
Panther Party. 

"It'. good to be seen in an 
open-air marI&et. to McClintock 
.dda. "It·. good politic" and it 
.... materially helped a lot of 
(l'OUPI. The Campaign for 
Economic Democracy made 
S 150 in one day la.t 
weekend." 

In place of the .eIIer'. fee, 
community .,oup. agree to 
write a letter of support for the 
flea market. More than 100 of 
theae letters, combined with 
petitions with 5,000 
signatures ~athered in south 
and we.t ' Berkeley, helped 
persuade the BART board this 
year to renew the market lease 
over the objections of the 
board president. 

The nea market also makes 
direct contributions to 
community groups such as the 
South Berkeley Senior Citizen 
Center, from the revenues 
generated' each week in stall 
fees. 

With such obvio~s 
patronage potential, the Oea 
market hal accumulated 
political support from virtually 
every black or liberal politician 
in the East Bay. Even though 
the market is a "marginal 
enterprise" by any standard 
definition of American 
buaineas, it has become a 
model of .elf-supporting, 

community-based economic 
development and an 
organizing base for political 
groups in the flatlands . 

"A lot of families have corne 
to . depend on the marJret for 
survival," McClintock says . 
"The people who sell here are 
surprisingly active po~tically, 
and they will fight now to 
defend their livdihood." 

Browsers' Best Buys 
Continued from page 2 
Victorian maJlfions. The used 
books are on the ground noor, 
along with a ceramic pot 
emporium. I visited the house 
on a historical tour and didn't 
have much time to browse, but 
noticed a rare hardcover copy 
of an Evelyn Waugh novel. 

The second floor of this 
lovely house is being 
renovated for officea, and the 
third 0001' i. the home of the 
couple who run. the ahop. 
Lucky visiton might be shown 
the whole house. 81 we were 
on the tour. The view from the 
third 0001' window overlooking 
the bay explains the area's 
name. for at sunset, the water 
looks like a spin of molten 
gold. 

F~ those who want to skip 
the adventure of a trip 
downtown - the rap perlon, 
the tattoo . ints and the 
military yMCA - try 
Mithr8l, in La Jolla at the 
intersection of La Jolla Blvd. 
and Pearl St., sdls both new 
and used books, as well as arty 
postcards, .cented oils, 
unusual jewelry and records. 

The management usually 
has the sort of music on the P A 
system ·that you probably 
don't hear anywhere else, such 
as relaxing sounds produced 
by exotic stringed instruments 
from 'round the world. 
Because the Unicorn theater is 
located in the same building, 
there is always a crowd of 
dever.looking browsers who 
sport the home.spun look. 
Jokes and loud noises are 
strictly out here. 

The used book shelves are 

well· stocked, but seem to 
inevitably contain all of the 
following: Barry Lyndon, The 
Great Gatsby, Billy Budd, 
Dryden's Poem~, One Flew 
Over the Cuckoo 's Nest, and 
either Step"enwolf or 
Siddhartha. Actually, these 
same books can be found in 
thrift stores county.wide. If 
you don't have them already, 
it's probably because you 
unloaded them long before 
now. 

For book.buyers who ~ke 
an excuraion into North 
County or who live there and 
he.itate to venture beyond the 
limits of health, wealth and 
IlBgging fog, there is The 
Booktrader. at the cOl'lli!r of E 
St. and Highway 101 in 
Encinitas. It'. smaU. but 
bursting with fiction , iterature, 
mysteries, westerns and 
romances, aU 'sold at half the 
cover price. All of the books 

' are soft·cover. U the book you 
want isn't on the shelves, the 
owner can usually produce it 
from his stock room. 

On display in front of the 
store is a rack 01 books, 
probably of limited interest but 
definitdy cheap. Speakil18 of 
limited interest, my most 
curious find to date al The 
Booktrader has been a British 
publication called More Rugby 
Songs, containing such greats 
as "Prohibition in the Horne," 
"The Blacksmith Told Me 
Before He Died" and "Ode to 
the Four Letter Words." 

I keep going back now, 
looking for its predecessors -
Rugby Songs, .Rugby lokes, 
Son 01 Rugby lokes, and 
What Rugby lokes Did Next . . 

In 48 boun you can learn to use your mind to do anythinl 
),ou wish. It bu been uiclthat Einstein used only 10% of his mind, and the aeneraI 
~ UICI only about 39&-49&. And tht', what Silva Mind Controt it all about: leamilllto IIIe 
.... fOlir mind. There iI no limit to how far you can ,0; there i, no limit to what you can do, 
'-&here II no limit to the power of your mind. StgcJenli report ,imple thi .... Uke reline 
_ uw • improve memory. overcome inlOmnia, enhance incetU,ence, im~ creativity 
aM IIIIdcntand the callie or succeu and JOOCI hcaltb-to the more IOphistic:atd thinp like 

develop ESP and IIIiaa tbe mind to tel .,.Is. act information and 10M problems. 
Over two million people in 34 countries have taken Silva Mind Control. and 10 caD you. To find 
out how, we invite you to a free _inar. Bitt a word or wamiJll; it will c:ha. your life. 

Sitva Mind Control. 

Silva Mind Control-

Bare Wires 

at the Hell 
Continued from fXJfle 10 apprehenaion of ahop lifter •• 
head for the boxboy to search The man. who Bob had by now 

~. The boxboy crammed the figured out "'AI the .tore·s 
rubber bar under hit arm and manager, Ihoved him in a chair 
aearched through the · iMide next to a deak overOowins a 
pocIrets. producing the bruited used roll of adding machine 
merchaftdiae. Bob's ' face was ~r and aahtrays full of butta. 
blank under the .hades. The aky The rnana«er Rot on the phone 
WAI juat about black. The man and started to dial, turning his 
told the box boy to search the back to talk to the box boy. 
outaide pocketa. The only thing 
he found WAI the thick clump of "You got it," he laid. The 
matted hair Bob had put there. boxboy amiled and left the 
He gave it a loathing' look and room, leaning the rubber bar 
dumped it to the· aaphalt. over hi. ahoulder as thoUSh it 
looking as though' he'd been were a rifle. Bob, meanwhile, 
Riven littrine .duty. reached into hi. pocket and 

"Inside," said the man. He dumped the 1jg.Zags and the 
led Bob into a back office foil into the wa.lepaper baaket. 
behind the liquor department. Through an air vent. he heard a 
On the door was a lien that ~ar go by. Bob alumped in his 
offered a $200 reward to leat and wondered whf he liked 
Safeway employee. for the the ameIl of exhaUit. 

Poloists Building 
Continued from fXJRe 7 
ently intelligent .tYle of play. 
Dan Eby, who sell the impor· 
tant "hole" po.ilion on the two 
meter line. ,-ill also have a 
crucial role in the succe.. of 
the team. 

Goalie Willie Morris returns 
to the goal after a summer 
playing AAU ball with the 
Concord Aquatic Club, con· 
si.tently 0!1e' of the top five 
AA U teams in the nation. StiD, 
Hafferkamp .ay. he i. atJout 
one.half.second too slow in his 
reaction time to play effectively. 

~ree of Iut year's starters, 
Jorgenson. Mark Gordon, and 
Greg Maletis left the team this 
year, opening three firat .tring 
po.itionl. 

Sophomore Toby Raymond 
and two newcomers to the 

Some other freshmen came 
out for the team, but the Haf· 
ferkamp Plan CaUl for an ap-
prentice.hip with the squad 
before bec~ a starter. ""The 
guys out of high school aren't 
a. fundamentally sound," he 
.aid. "The stuff they get away 
with in high achool won't get 
them past half·court in college. 

Poor 
Spo~ts 

continued fram PGMe 7 
Show of defiance. Later he 
says, "The only people on this 
whole gaddamned island I 
care about are my players." 

• team, Ken South and Steve 
Marks, probably fiD those .pots. 
South comes to UCSD straight 
from Newport Harbor High, 
the premier high school water 
polo program in Southern Califor· 
nia. Marks, a junior, sat out 
18I.t year after playing for the 
Univesity of the Pacific dunng 

It isn't a scene to make an 
American proud. At least 
Captain Mike O'Koren of · 
North Carolina recognizes the 
sensitivity of the occasion. 
Before the medals are given 
out, he calls his mates around 
him and cautions, "Usten, we 
represent a lot of people. Let's 
not have any nonsense." 

It give pause to wonder: It is 
1979', America. Do you know 
where your children are? 

. 

his freshman ye~, 
, 

Interested in' ·being 
the next Bob Wood-
ward or Seymour -, 

Hersh? . 

VOl,! probably won't do that if you write for the 
Daily Guardian, but Ernest Hemingway DID 
work for his coll~e journal. 

Our office is in the Student Center, right next 
to EDNA. Sportswriters, photographers, arts 
writers. and news writers are a/l needed. 

Stop by any time between those hours, and 
we'l talk to you about working for the paper. and 
the social, monetary and technical skills you can 
pick up by doing so. 

I I 

, Classifieds 
_NNOUNCEMENTS 
SCURI is conduct ing Grantwriling 
WorkshOpS 9/2 5, 9/ 27. 10/3, II you 
need help. call us at 452·39t7, 
(10/ 25) 
Want to do research? Need money 'or 
it? Come see SCURI for all of your 
'unding needs. Call 452·3917 , 
(10/25) 
Wanted - Friendly intelligent neat 
achievers to be charter members 0' 
Nal ional Panhellenic Conference 
Women's ·Fraternity. Alpha Gamma 
Delta is loOking for you. Call Michelle 
at 543·2588. (10125) 

Gene Wilder returns to UCSO. Oct 4. 
11. 18 and 25. Tickets on sale a\ UEO 
Box Ollice, $1 ,SO/ show or $5.00 lor 
the series. Limited seating, Buy now. 
(24.26.28) 

• SERVICES 
FOOD co-op: Rrst organizational 
meeting of the year. 5:00 pm at the 
Food Co-op In the Student Center, 
Become part 01 the movement! 
TYPING / EDITING: 5 yrs spec ialized 
exp, theses dis,. mss IBM Selectric. 
'Pro f. exc ellence·competiti~e prices. 
Pac . 8 c h.1 Bern ic e 274 · 1078 
day/ eve, (T/Th. 10/ 18) 

BOD" 
& §OLE ERG 

We carry a 
full line of 

running apparel 

CosiO Watches 
Rainbow Wallets 

We carry ruMlng and IMnl. Ihoet by: 

Nlke, Adldas, BrOoks, Tiger, New Balance 
Saucony, Etoole. Lotto. Tretom. Treao-2. 

Co~, Asahl, and Patrick. 

10% Student Discount -
on all shoes 

La Jolla 
7703 Fay Ave, 
454· 1535 

Pactflc Beach 
1160 Gamet 

270-9668 

THE MOST HILARIOUS 
WILDEST MOVIE IS HEREI 

Tickets on sale at box office and at the door. 

"Insanely funny, outrageous and 
Irreverent:' - Bruce W,lllamson- PLAY80 Y MAGAZINE 

Cotar 
Films IncorllOf.ted 

USB 2722 
Thursday, September 27 
7:30, 9 and 10:30 pm 

Also featuring: 
"Bambi meets GodzHia" 
"Anita Bryant; Pie in Her Face" 

Sponsor: Model United Nations. 

AI" 5 "DllYCIIOfI 
• 51'1 1", .,. 
("'''pt'''' 

" fWf'I tlltOf'\ 
()"" OJ11O 0) 

" Wff' 11'1(1""" 
F .. tItJDr ,I., 

Professional IBM typing service. Term 
pa per s, the ses , d i sserta ti ons . 
resumes, Rapid, accurate service. 
566·9894, M( 1 0/ 15) 
HI t!-ere! The lirst women's oenter 
rnwlirU Is September 27 at 5:30 pm . 
We r-.ed your ideas for new programe 
and activitJee, Coo1e to our meetir,j in 
the Women'. Center, in the Student 
Center Complex. 452-2023. (9/ 27) 

fOR SAlE 
73 Dodge Van. excellenl condo AlC, 
PS. PBV, Custom Int. Low mil. $3195 or 
ofter. 583·6506, (9/ 28) 

WANTEd 
Ph040 Assistant in sates $6,00 per 
hour lull or part time 4-6 pm. Will train 
275·2.404 (10/ 5) , 

Experienced youth worker sought by 
La Jolla synagogue to serve as 
adviser to a group 0' Junior High 
students in their youth program. Must 
be familiar with Jewish educat ional 
and cultural programming as well as 
recreation activities, Part· lime. Send 
resume, Congregation Beth EI, 8745 
La Jolla Scenic Dr .. La Jolla 92037. 
452· t 734 for more inlormation. 
(9/ 2.8) 

Rent yOur Fumllu .. from 

Fum.itur. Reiltal 
I'FAST - 2448 Hour Delivery I 

complete one bedr09m apartment 
for as little as $36,00 per month. 

100% option to buy. courtesy to studenfs . 

San Diego Oceanside KeameyMeia 
6195 University Ave, 1-5 at Oceanside BIYd, 4646 COOV(Jo{ Street 

583·2981 .439.0711 292~57 

THE. 
UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE 

JIMMY MESSINA 

SEE 

CONCERT 
HAS BEEN 

CANCET.T.ED 

~ 
DAVEMASbN 

81 
cT.ERRY BIOPEI.laE 

on 
OCTOBER 27, SATURDAY 

UCSD GYM 

15 

housiNG 
Million Beach - Ocean and bey 
Iront unilll240-S475, stUdio 1 and 2 
bedrooms, I","ned. ullIIIIeI paid 
par1cing. no patl. 9 month leMa, __ 
1395, ~81·2645, 488·9318. 3333 
Bayllde and 34"3 Dc.n Front Walk. 
(9/28) , 
ac-n Yiew La JoIIatudlo apartment 
lor ,.,1. S250/month. Cd 481·287" 
lor appolntrnlnt. 
ac:.n Yiew La ~ one badroom 
apartnwnt lor ,.,t S385-~/month. 
For appointment, caR 481·2e74. 

".D.-D.D.S.-o.V.M. 

Enter Jan '80 0( Aug '80 ClASS 
Ph.D.·M,D, Program 

D.C,. D,P.M.·M.D, Rrogram 
Universidad de Cd, Juarez 

W.H.O, Listed 
PROVEN PROFESSIONAL 
StUdent Placement Service 

100L ..... SL 
New Y Oft&, N.Y. 10027 

(212) IU-4Mt 

"HAIR 
FACTORY" 

UCSO 
Budget Numbers 

accepted 



18 Wednesday, Sept. 28, 1979 

Emissary to Kuwait to Lecture" at UCSD 
By Jocelyn Larkin 

Staff Writer 
US. 4mbauador to Kuwait 

Frank E. Maeatrone will teach 
in UCSO's Political Science 
department this year as part of 
a State Department "Diplomat 
in Residence" proll'am. 

The program is designed to 
give students the opportunity 
to understand practical 
aspects 01 diplomacy and 
careers in the'fora .. service. 

Maestrone plana 10 lecture 
in various international po~tics 
dasses here, as well as at other 
universities in the area. He is 
also working with community 
group', including the local 
chapter of the World Affairs 
Council. 

.yo .yo .yo 

Kuwait, one of the richeat 
member. of OPEC, is a small 
country south of Iraq on the 
Persian .gulf. Meastrone, a 
carrel' diplomat, describes the 
emirate (governed bf a royal 
family) as an internally stable 
community. Approximately 
one.fourth of the 1.2 million 

~eople in Kuwait are 
Palelliniana described by the 
Ambassador as "able, well· 
educated, and industrious," 

fully co-exiatina with the elis. 
A., affluent nation. the 

per capita income in Kuwait is 
$13,500. Maestrone de· 
scribes the Kuwaitis as less 
ostentatious then the Saudi., 
but jokes that "when a Kuwaiti 
smashes his car, he leaves it 

there,_ ~oes out and buys a new 
" one. 

What Maestrone describes 
as the "only crowd in the 
otherwise cordial diplomatic 
relationship" between Kuwait 
and the U.S. centers around 
the U.S. po~cy on Israel. 
Favoring an independent 
Palestinian state, Kuwait 
disapproved of ' the Camp 
David agreement although its 
leaders recognized the 
sincerity qf the U.S. effort, 
says the Ambassador. 

As the "personal represen· 
tative of the president 
abroad," the diplomats have 
standing instruction. from the 
State Department to observe 
the U.S. cotnmibnent to Israel 
and not negotiate with the 
PlO. 

Maestrone defends that 
policy, noting that the recent 
resignation of Andrew Young 
"speaks for itself... a diplomat 
cannot fully appreciate the 
ramifications of negotiations 
as the Secretary of State does. 

Kuwait, whose oil is 
exported mainly 10 Southeast 

IBSEAICU" PAPEIS 
10,25O'on File - All Academic Subjects 

Send $1.00 for your up-tOodat., 306-page mall order catalog. 
ACADEMIC RESEARCH 

P.O. BOX 24873 
LOS ANGELES, CA 90024 
----------------------------------------------------~--~ I NAME ____________ -:-___ --'-_~. ! ADDRESS ___ --'-__________ -:-_ 
l __ ~~~~~ _________________ ~ ___ ~:_~ __________ _ 

Asia, is a more 'moderate 
OPEC member but has, in the 
interests of preserving unity, 
gone along with price 
increases favored by more 
a g g res. i v e me m'b e r s , 
according to Maestrone. The 
Arab·lsrael policy, not oil, is 
Kuwait's major source of 
controversy with the U.S. 

Maestrone believes that 
Kuwait has a more 
progressive attitude toward 
women than do other Moslem 
nations, and a few women, he 
say., even have positions in 
g~vernment and education. 
This is due in part, he thinks, to 
the largely external 
orientation of the country, 

whose economic origins are 
those of a trading nature. 

Maestrone believes there 
exists a grossly exaggerated 
picture in the U.S, that the 
Arabs "are buying up all the 
property in the U,S," Many 
other European nations 
outrank the Arabs in U.S: 
investment, he said. 

Judge Growing Marijuana 
Still Planted on Bench' 

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) 
- Although he is charged 
with growin~ several hundred 
marijuana plants in'his house, 
appellate judge Paul Halvonik 
does not have to resign from . 
his post until the case goes to 
Superiot. Court. 

So far, authorities have filed 
only a Municipal Court 
complaint against the Court of 
Appeal justice and his wife, 
who were arested last week 
while Halvonik wal on 
vacatiion from the bench. 

Under Article 6 of the Itate 
constitution, "a judge is ' 
disqualified from acting al a 
judge without lou of salary 
while there. is pending an 
indictment or an infomlation" 

IIUDINr .. CIAL 
.. 0. on haIocuII """ IhII ad 

eocpiNI 
We do hOir NIadng. ~ 18. 

fIw *In onafVIII. feoIutIng 1979 
U *lnc:cn. 

RETAIl CENTER FOR lHE 
BEST IN IWR at SI<IN CARE PROOUCIS. 

open 7 days by ~ tImeo .1 0tWv. 
---.... 0112---

1250 ProIPect. La JoIto 
(In Mcl<ellor Plaza) 

A "complaint" is the only 
action pending aga.inst 
Halvonik, according to 
Clayton W. DaVega, deputy 
Alameda County district 
attorney handling the judge's 
case. 

"If it gels out of Municipal 
Court, it goes to Superior 
Court where an information 
will be fild," DaVega said 
yesterday. 

In another development 
yesterday, a legal scholar said 
Halvonik may also be able to 
argue that a search warrant 
police obtained to seize the 
323 marijuana plants in his 
Oakland home was invalid 
because investigators used a 
telescope to confirm plants on 
a back deck were marijuana. 

The State Supreme Court 
last week let stand a lower 
court decision in anothr case 
that police could not use 
binoculars to coknfirm the 
identity of plants suspected of 
being marijuana. 

"I would say the defense has 
a good strong issue on the 
search and seizure question in 
this case," said Professor 
Phillip Johnson, associate 
dean of the UC's Boalt Hall 
law school. 

Halvonik, 40, and his wife 
were arraigned Friday . in 
Oakland·Piedmont municipal 
court on complaints charging 
each with cultivation of 
marijuana - a felony - and 
posessioin of marijuana - a 
misdemeanor. 

Starting session every Saturday. 

Call for registration info: 
M1ss1on I3a8 Sailboat Rentals 
224-3541 

TN. MARIN. CORPS OPFIC.R .. L.CTION RAM 
would IIIl. 10 .. Ill to m.l ..... d ..... Int ....... 

In tI,ln, upon ,radulllion • ., ....... limited 
num ..... of writt ... lu.r.t .. _.1 .... 1.· for '80. 

'81. '82 .nd 1.83Ir .... 

C.II u .. 

283·5073 


