
The Daily': ~Guardian 
Volume 38, Number 13 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, October 9, 1979 

SAAC Chairman 
Blasts EOP to 
Visiting Lobbyists 

A decrease in UCSD Educational 
Opportunity Program enrollment an 
an increase in the program's drop-out 
rate, the UC Student Lobby was told 
yesterday, justify a lobby effort to 
correct EOP's a.lleged shortcomings_ 

"The EOP program at UCSD is not 
doing a good job_ I'm proposing that 
you (the Lobby) mention that the 
UCSD program is screwed up_ Talk 
about this issue. You ' re a lobby, you've 

~ot leverage," said Robert Tom 
Tambuzi, the chairman of the Student 
Affirmative Action Committee here. 

Tambuzi noted that this year's 
SAAC Interim Report on the EOP 
shows a low student enrollment and a 
high student drop out rate. 

EOP director Bill . Byrd was 
unavailable for comment last night but 
he told The Guardian last week that he 
was receptive to any ideas that would 
help increase minority enrollment at 
UCSD. 

Lobby Coordinator Dayid Schantz 
(;",J; ... ,.. ... , "" AfootIIIo-u' (Mdt 

Third College Provost Joseph 
Watson said last night that he couldn't 
corroborate Tambuzi's charges but 

• that Third College was dissatisfied with 
the number of minority students being 
enrolled . Watson added that he wasn't 
sure EOP was totally responsible for 
the low minority enrollment. 

The UC Student Lobby, which 
studies issues affecting UC students 
and lobbies for them in the state 
legislature, was here to "inform the 
Associated Students and other student 
organizations what we do and to gather 
facts about issues interesting students," 
David Shontz, Lobby Coordinator 
said. 

Vincent Harris,. the Lobby Campus 
Coordinator, said " the EOP student 
retention rate at UCSD is "one of the 
worst of the UC campuses" but added 
that the Student Lobby is not "the 
organization that can do what you 
(Tambuzi) want. " 

Active minority organizations would 
be "more effective," accordi!1g to 
Harris. "What keeps them (EOP 
officials) accountable when there isn't a 
minority community up here watching 
them?" sc»d Harris.' • 

The Student Lobby has been 
working on getting money for minority 
opportunity programs in the summer to 
increase student retention rates, said 
Schontz, adding, however , -thili the 
state is no-w questioning more 
~xpenditures for EOP_ 

"The students have to go to the 
community," said Harris. "The 
community has to know about 
problems like this or the campus is 
isolated. The students themselves are 
the most effective force fordoing that." 

-Bv Paula Ambrosiua 

Computing. Switch Causes 
'Inefficiency for a . While 

By Devin Seifer 
Delays in the mailing of grades and' 

inefficient academic record-keeping 
are anticipated here this year because 
of a change' in UC's method for 
compiling and processing student data. 

Until two years ago, all information 
regarding admissions, registration, 
financial aid and student academic 
records was contained at ·the Berkeley 

, and Los Angeles campuses. 
But the systemwide recordkeeping is 

currendy undergoing decentralization, 
a process which wiIlailow each c.ampus 
to maintain and procell their own 
student data, accordine to Ronald 
Bowker, UCSD registrar and 
adminions officer. 

This system will be Ie.. time 
con~ more eHicient and may 
save UCSD an estimated $1.2 million 
within six year" Bowker says. 

8owli:er added, however, that al· 
thou", UCSD wiD be "up and ruMine" 
in the new prOl1'atn by next July. UC i. 
cUlYendy ... a transitional rh-Ie and 
service i. "extremely poor.' 

Bowker attributes this problem to 
the "lack 01 experienced personnel." 

.. AD the experienced · systemwide 
computer people are bei"" sent to the 
individual campuses, and, as a result, 
the centralized computer centers still in 

operation are not being handled 
efficiently," he says. 

Inefficiency in this transitional phase 
has already caused many problems at 
UCSD and according to Bowker, is 
expected to cause more. Last Spring's 
diplomas, normally available prior to 
commencement exercises, were not 
mailed out until last month, he says. 

In addition, the academic records of 
several hundred students who had 
luUiIIerl the Subiect A requirement 
incorrectly stated thej' had not taken 
the required courses. These,records are 
presently in the process of being 
corrected, Bowker says. 
. ' A major cause of the lengthy 
transitional period is that the San 
Diego, Davis, Los Angeles, Santa 
Cruz and Riverside campuses are 
working on an agreement to purchase 
computer software (programs) from an 
outside company, Information 

A~ates. Each campus wants its 
own specific features in the system, and 
consequendy an agreement is difficult 
to reach. Bowker says. 

Although UCSD may sacrifice 
efficiency during the transitional 
period, Bowker feels the end will justify 
the means. 

Geodesic Domes in UCSD's 

Geodesic Domes Planned' 
As Alternative Housing 
AS, Adm 'n Disagree on Date 
lor Installation 01 Energy-Savers 

I 

By Gail Merton 
Motivated by both p.nvironmental and economic concerns. the ASUCSD 

Student Township Task Force has come up with a rough draft for the 
construction of an undergraduate geodesic dome community just north of ' 
Third ~oItep. - . 

Construction of the project may begin as early as winter quarter, according 
to the Student Health Information Program's Michael McDonald, who has 
done much of the work behind the proposal. , 

Geodesic domes are hemisphefically-shaped buildings. 
According to the preliminary proposal for the four domes, the floors will be 

wood platforms. The rest of the domes will consist of a network of interlocking 
triangles made of metal or wood covered with a fire retardant plastic. 

The task force, which initiated the project, consists of members of the AS, 
food co-op and SHIP. . 

As Vice President Nancy Laga says the pilot project will be located on 
Hopkins Rd. and will be capable of housing a total of 16 to 20 students. It will 
also provide a central utilities dome to provide a solar-heated water and wind-
generated power system, She says. The domes require minimal heating 

'because they maximize volume per surface area, according to Laga. 
Laga estimates that each residential dome will cost about $400 to build, and 

according to McDonald, residents will pay in the range of $100 a month in 
rent. 

Laga estimates the completed .project will cost between $2,000 and 
$3,000. Funding for the domes wiD probably corne from state Appropriate 
Technology grants presently. under UC juljsdiclion, she says. 

The AS i. hoping that the atmosphere wiD be conducive to a progressive, 
community·oriented Jifestyle for their inhabitants, which would make the 
domes "more than just a place to live," Laga says. 

The community will also function as a UCSD "living lab" to research 
"environmentally sqund energy alternatives." 

Geodesic domes have been built across the country since their invention in 
1951. , 

Before construction can begin on the domes, the plan must be reviewed by 
the campus Environmental Health and Safety department, campu's architects 
and ~ngineers and the UC Regents, ,who must approve the project, according 
to campus architect Chuck Powers. 

Chancellor William McElroy will also be consulted on the project, Laga 
say •. 

Powers, who was unaware of the projec;:t until yesterday, says the winter 
quarter tarllet date is "extremelv unreasonable. ,. . , . " . 

According to Powers, the proposed commumty w~1I re9uIYe substantJal 
review" before co~struclion can begin. While he says the project is feasible, 
Powers says zoning laws and state regulations must be studied carefully before 
the geodesic domes could be built. 

But Laga says the final proposal, due at the end of this month, should be 
sufficient to allow construction winter quarter. 

. Similar to Davis 
Several years ajO UC Davis built a geodesic community similar to the one 

proposed at UCSD. Food co-op member Mike DeBell is currently in Davis 
studying the project and will report to the task force later this month, according 
to Laga. . . 

According to Claire Wagner, a student who worked on the proJeCt at DaVIS, 
the domes are "well-equipped, well~esigned" and have proven "very energy 
efficient. " 

She cites a "community.trpe feeling" and says the only problem has been 
that "there aren't enough 0 them to go around." 

Because of the limited spaces that will be available at UCSD, Laga says 
residents for the domes will be chosen by a special board of tudents and 

Plea. tum to pofe 4 



.. 

The Daily Guardian 

Housing Crunch Traps Poor of Sunbelt 
Govemmen(. Subsidies Called Necessary In ,Cities ... 

a,1MmuBram 

I. the bou"ilin, citiet 01 
America'. aunbeIt, a huueing 
aiIiI it taIcint eh!tpe lhal it far 
mare ...... than Ihartagel 01 
rental. and .ingle·family 
hamel « _yrockeling coats. 
The criIi. involves: 

- The unprecede~led 
cUlac:ation 01 pour and middle 
income familiee who are beins 

1lte tho". ' 01 ren'a' 
Itoaain" in Son Die"o i. 
elpee",'" obviOUl to colle,e 
.tuden" '00'''''' lor a place to 
.llw. But «conii,., to ·Paci/ic . 
NewI Service economic Hitor 
n.oma. Brom, tlwre i. a cri.is 
in ".. counlrlt '. • ... ".,t anJ 
coatfG'd"" tltat "Oft. beuonJ It",. re .. ', and condo 
~. 

....... hom ih.ir nei8hbor. 
hood. into overcrowded 
huuIina, a proceu economi ... 
cal Himmileration." 

- The beginning. of . 
diaruption in the urban labor 
markel - that mix of job. on 
which the city economy it 
based. 

- The inabilily of 
lovernmenl - which in the 
put IOUghl to balance the 
market through IUbeicized 
hou.illf program. - 10 
respond 10 the criIia. 

-A wave of lenanl 
organizing and rent control 
meuuree, apecially on the 
Welt Cout, pQlarizing man)' 
conununitiet and ecaring oft 
would·be lender. for new 
conatruction. 

Although the hou.ing 
pictUre i. complex and diHer. 
&om city to city, the preslUfel 
are moat inlenae in broad bell 
01 Anpica from Atlanta to 
San FrancilCo - where 
receNion i. just a Yankee 
nanor. 

In Houaton, the c:rtic:aI 
isIue it over·crowcing in low· 
income neighborhoodl .. both 
ric:h and poor flood 10 the 
central city looking for work. 

"The fiut thing I 
dilCovered, " sa,s architect 
Adele Santo., • is that the 
hou.ing problem in HOUlton i. 
endless - which astonished 
me only because this is a new 
city." Santos collaborated with 

filmmaker Jamea Blue on a 
aeriee 01 televilion programl 
on the city'l deteriorating 4th 
and 5th warda. aw. e found people ~ving in 
automobiJel. '"The~rre living 
nine or ten 10 a room. People 
are living in garages. People 
are living in tin abeds without 
an~ running water." 

Poor people have been 
moving into the city "because 
of the Valt lJPPOI'!!.mitiei here." 
according to Cindy Rhein· 
hardt 01 the Jiou.ton J10U1!nB • 
Authority. But the HOUlton 
Chamber of Commerce I 
reportl a parallel trend from 
the other lide of town. "The 
.urvey data that are 

availab~~' 18Y. Skip Kaadorf, 
"indicate that the immigranta 
to HOUlton are diIproportion. 
ately young ... and young 
couples, well-ecluc:ated and in 
the white-c:oIar profellioRl." 

The reeulting competition 
- moat inleme in low income 
neillhborhoocb - is just the tip 
of ~ iceberg. Along the West 
COIlIt, the houling crisi. is 
pu.hing out ev~ middle 

even afford the condomini· 
uml. Many of our lower level 
worker. have accomodated to 
the hiP housing COita by 
living 10ur and five to an 
apartment that renta for $500 
a month." 

The county government 
faces such recruitment 
problems that it has turned 10 
the husbands and wives of 
prelent employees to fiD job 
openings, creating a "spousal 
work force," according to one 
official. 

"Santa Barbara is 
becoming an enclave for the 
rich," lays Jennifer BigelQw of 
the Community Housing 
Corporation, a rrivate, non· 
profit 'ponlOr 0 cooperative 
and rental housing for low. 
income and elderly families. 
"The county and city 
goverrwnenta better get their . 
act together - along with 
local businel_ - if thi. i. to 
rem.un a balanc~ communi· 
ty." 

Bisrelow admits that some of 
Santa Barbara's housing 
problem. stem from the city's 

to UCLA, and often aU the 
way from River_ 10 the 
Irvine campus on the Coalt. 

"In March, we started a 
faculty home loan program 
Uling $25 million in tax· 
exempt revenue bond siIIes for 
capital. We were able 10 offer 
about 160 faculty members 
horne loans at only 8 percent 
interelt." 

The modest UC program, 
however, immediately drew 
the wrath of national lavings 
and loan associationll. "They 
kicked up a fun because they 
thought we'd undercut their 
loan market," says Blakely, 
who fears the new program 
will die this fall if a U.S. Senate 
commiHee forbids the use of 
tax-exempt bonds for housing 
finance. 

The government solution to 
a crilis in housing has 
traditionally been IUbeidy for 
low and moderate income 
families. Current programs 
range from Section 8 rent 
subsidies - paying the 
difference between what 
·families can pay and what 

long lines of qualified 
applicanta, will reach jUlt 
295,000 houaeholdl nation· 
wide in the coming 6scal year. 

"Local communities are jUit 
not too keen to Provide 
houling for low and moderate 
income people," laYS Steve 
Horn, a planner for the 
California Coastal Commis· 
sion. "The housing section of 
the Coastal Act is very · 
sensitive and very controver· 
sial, because it states that we 
should protect and encourage 
low and moderate income 
households ... 

"We found people living in automobiles ... 
garages ... tin sheds without any running 
water. " 

The lack of institutional help 
has produced an angry and 
increasingly effective tenant 
movement in California that 
has enacted rent control mea· 
lUres in 30 cities in the state. 
Tenants are so strong along 
the COalt - comprising more 
than 60 percent ' of the 
eoPUlation in San FrancilCo, 
Berkeley, Santa Cruz, Santa 
Barbara, Santa Monica and 
Los Angeles - that landlord 
groups are now circulating 
petitions for a so-called "fair· 
rent" statewide initiative that 
would in fact prevent sweeping 
statewide controls. 

"Landlords and realtors in 
the state are responding to the 
fact that tenants have made 
enonnous gains in recent 
year.," laY' Lenny Goldberg, 

income relident., leaving 
some citiel with shrinking 

, Jabor marketa for critical mid· 
level jobe. 

In Santa Barbara, where 
the average home sells for well 
over $100,000, housing costa 
and lCarcity of apartrnenta are 
contributing 10 a high turnover 
of bank tellers, nurses, 
aecretaries, and police. 

HOUIing profelsio~. -
even those who initially 
favored bringing middle-clau 
couples back 10 the city - are 
betinnini to worry that major 
economic dill'Uption. may 
occur if workerl can't 6nd 
affordable hou.ing near 
enough 10 make the commute 
to work worth the effort . 

"Santa Barbara .till attracts 
mid·level employees," laYS 
economist LYM Moreeraft 01 
the Ceneral Research 
Corporation, "but once people 
discover it's so expensive to 

~ve here, they move on. 

attempts to limit growth, 
placing severe re.trictions on 
new construction but none on 
overaR economic expanlion. 

The Univer.ity of 
California, however, reportl 
dislocationl in its job market at 
all nine ' campuses in the 
sYltem. 

"The UC Regents found 
that the shortage and co.t of 
houling W81 cauaing severe 
recnitment probleml" .. says 
Ed Blakely, auistant vice 
prelident for academic 
~....... fOf the University. 

, • faculty w~e driving 40 miles 

landlords charge - to a administrative aniltant to 
variety of Iow.interest loan Auemblyman Tom Bates 
pia... for housing rehabilita· "The squeeze wi. get a lot 
.lion ~nd purchase. worse," 18)" Neil Mayer, a 

But these programs are housing economist at the 
embarralaingly small given Urban llIItitute in Walhing· 
the scope of the problem. ton, D.C. "In these citiel, the 
Although the California private housing market i. not 
Housing f'lIUUlCe Agency wu w~rking for low income 
authorized in 1975 to issue people. Mallive federal 
$450 million in tax exempt intervention could provide the 

. bonds for Iow·income housing, nece.1aI')' houaing unita, but 
10 far il hal illued only $275 that w~ require courageous 
million producing barely political .lepa by the 
3,000 multi·f.mily unita in the · admini.tration to counter 
entire .tate. The federal ., apec:i~ inter .... I just don't 

·Section 8 eubeidies, despit~ - • thai hapPellllintl." 

But While You Are ·Wai~ng ... . 
By David Harril . neighborhood you want to live in, Io9king for 

Finding a place to live i. of len frultrating for vaca~y signs, . or.1et your fingers do the 
IStudents especially in the communities around walking by looking In the yellow pages u· 

, "A It 

The Daily Guardian 
.UCSD. With the housing vacancy rate below partments ; . . . . 
two percent in San Diego, students must. - If you ·are receiving SOCial serVICes from 
acramble in a tight market to find a decent the welfare deparbnent, talk to your worker 

, Electronics firms such as 

Eric: Jaye 
Editor 

Jeff Beretlord·Howe 
New. Editor 

Kathy Huffer 
John Hondroa 

Asaociate New. Editors 

John KlOck 
Copy Editor 

John H. Taylor 
Opinion· Editor 

Jon Goetz 
Sport. Editor 

Eric: Harpell 
Science Editor 

Matth_ Cleck 
Pholo Editor 

Ted Burke 
Art. Editor 

HanyToien 
General Manaller 

Infomag are shiftin~ their 
assembly plants to Tijuana, 
while many research and 
development companies are 
moving to northern Santa 
Barbara County where the 
labor market is better." 

By checking driver's license 
changes for those leaving 
Santa Barbara County, 
Ceneral Research found that 
many families were moving on 
to Oregon or Arizona. 

Cottage Hospital in Santa 
Barbara haa had such 
difficulty attracting registered 
nurses and medical techni: 
cians that it provides 
aparbnents for new employees 
for up to three months. 

"Mid·level workers arrive 
here with the a.piration to but 
houli)l((," .ay. Greg 
Schneppel of the hospital 
admini.tration. "llIItead they 
find a one percent rental 
~ _________ ..;u vacancy rate, and they can't 

home. about vacancies: 
. H~rris is on the utSD .taff 01 the California ~~se pu~i~C;~~~~~:: (.~J~~7~i 
PublIC Interest. Research Croup.. Campu. Hou.ing" that · contains a 

The problem is compounded by the severe comprehensive lilt of local apartment unita, 
shortage of affordable student houling and by along with information about rent., facilities 
the many landlords who refuse to rent to and restrictions. TIle t-..ing office allO has 
students. mapa 01 the San Diego area, renter righta 

CaIPIRG's consumer assistance deparbnent information and counseling, and a lilt of real 
has compiled a guide to help studenta find a estate offices that handte rentals. The oHic:e il 
place to call hotne . A surm'nBry of the guide located in Building B d the Student Center . . 
follows; you can get the whole thing by calling Rental Alt!llCie. 
or writing CaIPIRG. Avoid going to a rental agency that Chargel 

H .. ntiner TiDi 'a fee for ita services. Many of the.e buainee_ 
first , some places and agencies you can have been the targets of consUMer cqmplainta 

check: and law enforcement agency law suita. Celting 
.. - . Bulletin Boards in neighborhood· a refund of your fee after the service has failed 
drugltorel, laundrornata, food stores and ha., in the put, not been euy. 
community centers often have vacancy listing.; Three agencies prov_ vacancy Utingl/ree 

- A.k friends, acquaintances, co-workers to the prospective renter: Apartment Finder. 
and relalives,lo. lIet the word out that you are ' (299·1730), Apartment Selector (275.3871) 
looking for a place; and Re'ocation Seruices (299-4702). Each 

- Local mail and newspaper Carrierl often provide. large vacancy lilting. throughout the 
know in advance where· vac:ancie. can be area. If you find a rentallhrough one 01 these 
found' agenc:ie.. c:hec:k wi'" .tbe . . IBrdord before 

Drive, bike or walle around the .......... lit Ptqe • 

.. 

The Daily Guardian a 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
I. INTE~NATIONAL J L..-[ _N_A_T_I---=-ON_A_L~' _s-,--[ 1--[ __ S_T_A_T_.E~~j 
Viets Blast US Line 

BANGKOK, Thailand - Vietnam accused the 
United States yesterday of distorting recent events in 
Cambodia and said talk in Walhington about 
normalized American· Vietnamese relations was 
"just a face." 

The Communist Party newspaper Nhan Dan also 
claimed the United States and China are working 
hand·in·hand against Vietnam and that Washington 
was spreading word about a Vietnamese threat in 
order to increase its . military aid to Thailand and 
other non·communist Southeast Asian countries. 

Senior Carter administration officials are making a 
"frantic call" for emergency aid to Cambodia to 
"cover the Sino· American scheme of creating the 
picture of two different administrations in Cambodia, 
thereby lending a hand to the Pol Pot.leng Sary 
clique to oppose the Cambodian people," Nhan Dan 
wrote. 

The newspaper quoted a recent editorial in the 
Washington Post which called on the U.S. 
government to disassociate itself from the regime of 
former Premier Pol Pot and his deputy, leng Sary, 
ousted by Vietnamese invaders in January. . 

The newspaper said the Carter administration 
"under public pressure," was making believe that it 
wu wiDing to contact Vietnam to normalize 
· ~ation.. . 

"Thil is jUit a farce. No positive measure has been 
taken in this direction so far," Nilan Dan said in a 
commentary carried by the Vietnam News Agency 
and monilored in &Qskok • . 

. . ' 

USSR Want Answer 
MOSCOW - Western failure to relpond to 

Soviet President Leonid. I. Brezhnev's newly 
announced military cutback prOPOlais could "plunge 
Europe into a new dangerous round of the arms 
race," a joint Soviet·East German communique said 
yesterday. . 

The official Soviet news agency Tass carried the 
communique after Brezhnev returned to Moscow 
following a four.day visit to East Germany on the 
30th anniversary of the founding of the Communist 
state. 

In a speech Saturday in East Berlin, Brezhnev 
diadoaed that the Soviet Union within a year would 
withdraw 20,000 Red Army troops and I,OOOSoviet 
tanks from East German territory. 

Quiet Protest Tried 
SEABROOK, NH - Hundreds of sign-carrying 

protesters walked peaceful picket lines outside the 
Seabrook atomic power plant yesterday in a change 
of tactics aimed at preventing workers from reo 
entering the construction site. 

. About 800 of an original I,SOO.strong anti· 
nuclear force remained at the site after state troopers 
and National Guardsmen thwarted repeated 
attempts to occ upy the facility over the weekend. 

. The protesters massed at the main gate yesterday, 
walking picket lines or blocking the gate and saying 
they would try to keep workers from re-entering the 
plant. The workers, however, were not scheduled to 
return to work until today following yesterqay's 
holiday. 

A 3O.person contingent from a Massachusetts 
group called "Amesbury Parents Against Nukes" 
joined the protest. Many pushed baby carriaf(es. 

Nearby shops reported a bQOming business from 
protesters seeking dry socks and flannel shirts as the 
temperature dropped to the low 30s during the night 
~_nd the low SOs yesterday. . 

Til think we'll tolerate thil for a while," said state 
Attorney General Thoma. Rath, standing behind the 
gate with a contingent of troopers and guardsmen. 

He said he was "not terribly concerned about it," 
u long .. order Wal maintai~ and traffic: wu kept 
rnQving on US Hipay.t. . 

Columbus Doomed 
. , 

PHILADELPHIA - The preside·nt of the Leif 
Ericson Society says he thinks "eventually they'll do 
away with Columbus Day." 

"You can't have two guys discovering the same 
thing," insists Ivar Christensen, who says he received 
a proclamation from President Carter last week 

desi~nating today as Leif Ericson Day. 
"J was. surprised how much the president really 

knew about our Viking hero," Christensen said. "It 
• was the first time we've really had some ret:ognition 
from the top." 

Christopher Columbus reached the New Wortd in 
1492 and is often credited as the first to cross the 
Atlantic, a claim Norwegians have long tried to 
correct. 

"~oIumbus came to America nearly 500 years 
'after Ericson and the Italian sailor needed three ships 
for the trip," Christensen said. 

• 

Movie Workers Sign 
LOS ANGEl ES .:.. &hi~~the.acenea film and 

television workers ratified a new three· year contract 
yesterday that union official. estimate wiD COlt 
Hollywood producers $374 million over the life of the 
agreement. 

The vote by the 24,OOO·member International 
Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees came as 
another Hollywood unia,\, Office and Profenional 
InterJ;lationai Union Local 174, was due 10 vote on a 
similar three· year agreement and thu. end a two· 
week·old strike against film studios and proceslOn. 

Local 174, representing some 2,200 secretarie. 
mailroom clerks and others were voting on ~ 
proposal that would grant them a more than 27 
percent wage increase over three years. Current 
salaries range from $5.30 to $8.25 an hour. 

The contract is retroactive 10 Aug. 1. 
An IA TSE representative said that 63 percent of 

the union's delegates representing camera, IOUnd, 
costumer, arid stage hand worker. cUt 1)aJlotIm tao 
vor of the new pact, 121 for and 69 agaiNt. 

The popular vote was much cloaer, however, .. 
only 53 percent of the rank and file voted 10 accept 
what hal been a biHerly debated agreement. 

St. Johns said that a aeventh, ~ately 
bargaining local, the Tralllportation Driven 
Team~.t~', would vote Thur_y. 

Wastes .No Problem? 
SAN FRANCISCO - Long.term storage of 

highly radioactive nuclear waites posel Ie .. health 
risk than exposure to natural radiation from space 
and other sources, a reactor manufacturer told a 
federal panel yesterday. 

"It is hard to believe that public concern over wate 
disposal would long continue if it were generally 
known that ri.ks are 10 infinitesimal in comparison to 
natural background," said John Van Hoomiuen, 
manager of spent fud operations for General Electric 
Co. 

But a Stanford University professor deacribed 
burial of nuclear wastes as "a temporary 
expedient .. .forced upon us by an urgent situation." 

Professor C. Frederick Hansen, who is also a 
senior staH scientist at the National Aeronautics and 

.Space Administration's Ames Research Center, said 
' a frank admission of disposal costs will provide 
reasons for a nuclear moratorium. 

I 

seeks to · employ 
qualified UCSD 

students lUI •• , OctCIb« 9 
USl2722 

start $3.25/hr. 
apply in person. 

2206 Carmel Valley Road 
Del Mar 

8n equal oppor1unjty employer 

TI1~T 
S, ... _byll"~T .. ~ IN COlOfil 

, 

"A SUPERB WAR EPIC ... " 
· •••• w 

The Country Deli 
",_fIII_ 
~"_"'f_ 

~ . 



.. 

How to R 
By Peter Mortenaen 

It ian't everyday that IOmeone has the opportunity 
to plan a major anti· nuclear rally, 10 for UCSD Cal 

PI~G Co-ordinator David Harris the on·campus 
demoutration he led last spring was as much as 
education for him as it was for the crowd that turned 
out to listen and watch. 

"for one week of organizing, we pulled off a reallr. 
good rally," said Harris, adding that "a rally doesn t 
have _ any more effect than just being a rally, 
generally." 

According to Harris, the things which made the 
UCSD rally a su.ccess are usually the basic 
in~ienls in any successful protest. 

The first prerequisite to such a demonstration is the ": 
need for organized groups in support of it. "For 
instance, Ia.t spring when there was ~ Three-Mile 
Island incident, I went to talk to the Associated 
Students as well 81 other progressive student groups 
on campus to see if we couldllet rally together and if 
they wanted to help me organize it." 

the 70s 
"and I also contacted a local progressive folk band to 
be there. I figured \ ith the entertainment coupled 
with the speakers talkinl{ on a real timely 
issue that 11 lot of stullents would come. 

To some extent, Harri.' was correc!. Over 200 
students showed up for the rally and joined in the 
active verbal protest. 

At the same time Harris was putting the finishing 
touches on the rally plans, he also directed an anti· 
nuclear petition drive to be ultimately submitted to 
the nuclear authorities. 

"We immediately set up a table on campus for 
petitioning," he explained. "Petitions have a double 
effect. They not only het someone to sign a document 
to be sent to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission 

. (NRC), but also raise the geneal student awareness 
of the problem and that something is being done and 
organized about it." . 

Harris said that he was able to accomplish his job 
of informing students of the lacts surrounding the 
nuclear energy industry so that they might be able to 
draw their own /conclusions. 

Ham. found that "there ' was definitely the 
interest." The major question was when to stage t~ 
rally. It was decided that the danger which had 
roused the student interest was immediate, and that 
'the protest should capitalize on that current upsurge 

f bI (;'Nlftlilln plHnu ~ Mlllfht'II' ('Il',j, o pu ic concern. . ' David Ha . 

" You have to realize that this is a pretty 
conservative campus," said Harris. "We found that 
only about 10 percent 01 the students are behind 
l'Iopping nuclear energy, referring to the percentage 
attendin~ the rally." 

Since the incident just happened, we wanted _ . _ rna . 
to have it as soon 81 possible because the highest - Community Energy Action Network (CEAN) for 
interest would be maintained at that time," Harris. help, and they agreed. When asked whether this was simply because the 

students at UCSD were uneducated in the subject, 
Harris replied , "maybe 10 percent was too low , but 
only 10 perce nt will actively support anti ·nudear 
events, and maybe 20 percent total are opposed to it. 
The rest believe that the alternatives aren' t realistic 
- that nuclear power is proabably safe and it's just a 
lot of scare tactics." 

explained. "The action of the people protestin" ~ext, . Ha.rris had to .structure the speakers a nd 
against it needed to be .taken then, and not delayed: their tOpiCS In some logical order. He schedul~ a 

Afler securing a site - the gym steps - Harns speaker from CEAN to lead ~ff the rally , addre~lng 
determined that the next thing to do was to get the crowd on the general tOPIC of nuclear power and 
knowledgeable speakers to address the crowd. He its suspected dangers. . 
pOinted out that with larger demonstrations, such as Har~is asked. three stud~~ts ~o tell .of the 
those at the site of a nuclear plant, it is often the geologICal, medical and pohhcal Implications of 
popularity of the apeaken themselves which ' draws nuclear energy use... "I had one student to talk about 
large crowds. the chaoce of an earthquake and a pre·med Lo tell 

Harris said tie "tried for the big name people, like about the health effects. For what students could do 
profeuors on campus who were members of the about it) nuclear er~Tllv). Illot a mt'mber of student 
UniQn of Concerned Scientists (UCS)." Because the government, Linda Sabo, to speak," he recalled. 

i, Basically, if you read up on the issue, it's J)Ot real 
dear whether nuclear tmergy is !lale or not - and we 
can' t take that chance, " Harris concluded. 

"U I were to do a rally again, I would do it the same 
way, only I'd use a much larger time period to 
organize it," Harris reflected. "I would say it takes a 
good two to three weeks to organize a good 'rally '!' 

UU; members he contacted "either could not do It or "I had finall~ gotte~ the ~peakers to~~ther ,,:nd I ~t 
refused to do it," Harris turned to students and the up the date with Umverslty Events, Hams said, 

But While Y o'u ,Are W aiting~ .. 
Continued from page 2 
moving in to make sure that he does 
not charge a non-refundable fee (which 
is illegal) or a hiFher monthly rent to 
cover the owner s cost of the listing 
service. 

If you are looking for low-cost 
housing, try the communities of North 
Park, Linda Vista, East San Diego and 
parts of Hillcrr.st. 

New.papers . 
Another good source for rental 

listings is newspapers, both the .Iarge 
dailies and small community papers. 
Try the Son Diello Union, the Eveninll 
Tribune, the Los Angeles TImes' local 
section, the La 10110 Lillht, the Sentil)el 
(Pacific Beach, Ocean Beach and 
Clairernont), the Del Mar News Press, 
the Coa.t Dispatch. (North County), 
The Reader W'I~ The Doilll Guardian. 

- 'Other Alencie. 
-Center lor Women's Studies and 

Services (233·3088), a feminist 

organization serving women only. It 
has a bulletin board of listings of rentals 
and rentals to share; 

- The Community Service Center 
(or the Disabled (2933500) provides 
lists of accessible housing for disabled 
people and gives assistaoce with filing 
for subsidized housing; 

- The Gay Center lor Social 
Services' (232-7528) has a bulletin 
board of vacancies and roommates 
wanted; 

- The Neighborhood'House (439. 
5726) provides vacancy listings in the 

./Worth San Diego area, and helps with 
landlord tenant problems; 

-San Diego Apartment 
Association (297.1000). 

CalPIRG consumer assl,laoce line 
will assist you with almost any 
consumer problem you have, from 
security deposits to auto repair to 
learning to complain effectively. Call 
the hotline (2361535) between 1 and 

Serving as a 
spiritual resource 

at UCSD 

.. 

Meem.sa: 
Taeadaya at 7:10 pm 

PaL 1110 

• 

4:30 pm Monday thru Thursday lor 
information, assistance and referrals. If 
your problem is over housing, call 

Neighbor~oOd House at 292.02?5. 
The CalPIRC consumer assistance 

line will assist you with almost any 
consumer "roblern you have, (rom 

security defJOsils 10 01110 re"air III 
learnin!! to wm"lain effectively. Call 
Ihe hOlline (236.1535) i>etween 1 and 
4:30 (1m Monday thru Thursday For 
information. ass is lance and referrals. 
If you "roMem is over housin/?, call 
Neighl)()rhood House at _ 2920255. 

Cimtirl,.d (rom po,e 1 
faculty. Applicants will submit a written proposal statiJ.lg their interest in the 
projet;.t and will then be interviewed by. the panel. . . 

Finding Housing 
Recycling will be an important ecologICal feature of the proJect, according to 

Laga. AS plans to utilize the county's recycling center~ for aluminum and 
paper and will place collection bins on all of the college campuses, she says. 

According to McDonald, the experimental domes. may also ioclude dry 
toilets which process human waste into compost within the toilet. J 

These toilets aren't approved by the San Diego County Health Department 
because of potential maintenance and odor problems. But be<-ause UCSD 
does not fall under the Health Department's jurisdiction, the project may be 
approved, a department .pokesperson said .. 

iti.-
How often do you 
tell the waiter "that 
was great" or seek out 
the owner to tell him 
how happy you are 
with his product? 

. 

CAMPUS 
CRUSADE 

UNIVERSITY LUTHERAN CHURCH 
It happens many times 

, a nlg~ at 

FOR CHRIST 
INTERNATIONAL ------

Worship with U. 
Sunday., 10:00 A.M., 
together with Student. and 
Town.peopte 

9595 La Jolla SMr .. Dr .• near North Torrey Pin .. Rd. 
(on the we.terrredge of Revelte College) 
UCSD C.mpus Pa.tor John G. Huber 
Telephone 453-0581 or 45~ 

ALEXANDER'S 
PIZZA 

4eOIS .. V1M1on _Dr. 
1/1 b10ak IOU&b 

olOarD8t 

2~2400 

Thu Oaily Gual'dian 

a;;;--S-hepard. Mauls Film World 
I 

'Ang~1 City' is Hellish 
By Bill Gibson 
Staff Writer 

Angel City, a recent effort 
by award-winning playwright 
Sam Shepard, curren tly 
playing at the Marquis 
Theatre, resembles nothing so 
much as a nightmare. The 
play's a~tion is disjointed, 
quixotic, loaded with myth and 
stuffed with ideas that hint at a 
prolound despair. Like mudi 
01 the post·war Eu;opean 
drama Angel City is plotless. 
Bur unlike the works of 
Beckett, lonesco and Sartre, 
from whom Shepard borrows 
extensively in style a nd 
substance, Angel Cily has a 
specific place of ac tion , 
Hollywood. Shepard con-
ceives 01 tinsel town as a 
smoggy, sizzling drea m 
machine where the artifacts 
that mold our collective sense 

of reality are manufactured 
and dispensed. 

The story concerns two 
despera te big·budget film 
producers who've concocted a 
vague idea for a disaster film , 
and who envision the need for 
a preternatural eve nt, 
.. ... something that's never 

happen~ before," to insure 
.the -success of their $8 million 
project. To this end, the two 01 
them enlist the services of 
someone ':alled Rabbit, a 

~haman 01 .;orts who has a 
lamiliarity with American 
Indian lore. Rabbit , who rides 
into town on a buckboard, is 
the weakest character in the 
play, an unwieldy mixture of 
purist naivete and crass 
opportunism whose account of 
Indian magic seems gleaned 
from the pages 01 an 
introductory anthropology 

textbook. Michael J . Keils' 
interpretation 01 the role is no · 
help; he seems to hesitate 
between the extremes of 
Rabbit's character, without 

~eaching the convincing tone 
necessitated by . Shepard'. 
tirades. 

For the most part, however, 
the Marquis actois fill the bill 
admirably. Matthew Cubiuo is 
great as Lanx, a sleazy, 
shiftless, New Jerseyite who 
came out west to make it as a 
.producer. His partner Wheeler 
( Ken Brisby) is as slimy a 
character as you could hope to 
see. Marquis veteran R. 
Wiley· Pitts has a few excellent 
moments , and is generally 
good as Tympani, the coke-
blowing percussionist 
searching for the primeval 
rhythm. 

Somet~ing Short of Quality In act two all person .. ':'y disappears, is subsumed by Shepard 's vision of the 
characters' "true natures." 
Lanx has become a bloodied 
prizefighter, Rabbit a chanting 
medicine·man, the secretary 
Miss Scoons (Audrei.Kairen) 
an Irish nun, Wheeler a scaly, 
green-skinned lizard. Brisby 
shines here as the degenerate 
Wheeler , wringing his hands 
and flashing his eyes as the 
rest of the cast play their 
obsessional roles around and 
on both sides of the neon 
rectangle, both movie screen 
and window, which is the set's 
most imposing and effective 
prop. Karl Newmeyer, as 
Saxophone, weave an aural 
threnody throughout, a sultry 
echo of " the dialo gue's 
nuances. 

By Lynette Tom 
Senior Staff Writer 

As a title, Something Sh prl 
of Paradise is perfect for 
Ame rican Intern a tional 's 
la test motion picture. The im· 
age is appropriat~ to the story, 
as was no doubt intend~, but 
also to the weak and flat 
production. . ' 

The story centers on a 
romance between two 
opposite charac ters: Harris 
Sloane, the owner of a small 
'New York theater and avid 
movie buff, and Madelei ne 

Ross , a newspaper journalist 
recently of Washington state. 
Their relationship is 
reri-.iniscent of Annie Ha1' , 
\:o mplete with various 
es trangements and reconcili-
ations. It is told in a series 01 
fl ashbacks , which are so 
awkwardly split and spread 
around that by the time 
viewers see the couple's first 
lalling in and out of love with 
ea~h other, they have already 
seen the entire motion picture. 
In addition, the main plot is 
lIimsily lied in with a smaller 

Around Town 
RetrQspective showing of 

the works 01 Sol Le Will -
sculptures, wall drawings, and 
drawings on paper selected by 
the New York Modern Art 
Museum, will be on view 
through November 4 , the La 
Jolla Museum of Contempora-
ry Art , 700 Prospect Street. 
454·9717. 

The Sequoia Siring Quartet 
play the music of Haydn, 
Bartok and Dvorak , 
Wednesday, October 10. 
Mandeville Auditorium at 8 
pm. Part of the Wednesday 
Night at the Mandeville Center 
series. Series tickets: six 

concerts for $20. General 
admission, $4.50, for senior 
ci tizens , $2.50, for students, 
$1.50. Call 452-3229 for 
more inlormation. 

S a I val (; reM a r'; a n () • 
lecture/ recital and premiere of 
a new work tor solo plano, In 
the MandeVille Recital Hall, 
Thun;day, October II, at It 
pm. Free to the public . 

Hlazing Saddlt.os starring 
Gene Wilder, showing at 8 
and 10 pm, in the Mandeville 
Auditorium, Thursday, 
October 11. $1.50 cover. 

'XEROX. 
We've created an industry. 

And that industry 
creatf~ great 

careers. 
CiJ«k with your coIIeF pbcement ~ for details 

- and schedules. Then talk to our campus represeDtatin 

Xerox il an amrmali~ IClion .mployer (malr' fr,ulc) 

parallel story about the 
arrival in New York City of 
celebrated French actor Jean 
Fidel Millieu, who has marital 
problems of his own. 

The working chemistry 
between David Steinberg and 
Susan Saradon is excellent. It 
is too bad their roles as Harris 
and Madeleine are not wrillen 
well to exploit it. The critics 
screamed "Bravo!" for Jean· 
Pierre Aumol)t 's performance 
in the farcical Ln Cage AU_l 
Folies. He receives only a 
lukewarm response as Jean 

Fidel. Marilyn Sokol's Ruthie 
Miller is an exact duplicate of 
the flaky , loudmouthed 
girlfriend she played in Foul 
Play, and Richard Hill and 
Joe Grafiasco just cluller the 
screen with their character-
izations of advanceman 
Edgar Kent and Harris' buddy 
Barney Collins. 

Something Short of 
Paradise is not offensive. 

It is, however, bland 
and ineffectual, not worthy of 
any higher praise. 

seeks to employ 
qualified UCSD 

students 
start $3.2S/hr. 

apply in person. 
2206 Carntel Valley Road 

Del Mar 
an equal oppor1unoty employer 

This is all quite effective 
sensorily, but in spite of 
Silepard 's bias there seems to 
be very little substance to the 
play. Angel City is a shrill and 
often puerile indictment of the 
mov'ie i nd ust ry; it is 
worthwhile in that it raises 
many questions about the 
current mania lor disaster, 
death and the preternatural, 
but is it a good play? Is it true? 

Shepard has thrown 
together an undeveloped mish-
mash of myths (cliches?), 
obsessions and fantasies, all 
driven by an extremely bitter, 
aPocalyptic vision based on 
presuppositions which leave 
no room for human judgment. 

~e ' '~~COt~ ~ ~0~ "~a 
J.)oV' e 'l>\ '::,o~'l> '0 ~\.~'·'~·~e 

ei'ile e~ 
\'0 0'9. 

Drop in for a free 
personalized styling 

consultation. 



'iI 

", 

The Daily Guardian 

Local interviews 
.. Ior software professionals 
The purpose of eve'y Wang product. is the sallie: 
to enhance product,,,;ty 

At Wang Laboratories, we make computer and word processing systems. 
But we're really not in the computer or word processing business. 

Our business is productivity. And that's a people business. 

Because it's people who produce. Machines just make it easier. 
Maybe all this sounds obvious. But you'd be surprised how many com-
puter and word proceSSing manufacturers forget that the end users of 
their products are people. -

At Wang, we never forget. 

That's Why our products are simpler to use than theirs. And more 
efficient. 

, And that's why we're growing faster than anybody else in the business. 

And that's why we're interested in Bachelor's, Master's or PhD 
candidates. 

• C I 
Located in Lowell, Massachusetts, w.e offer excellent salaries and 

.benefits including full relocation, profit sharing, stock purchase plan, 
medical and dental insurance, and full tuition reimbursement. 

In addition, we offer all the assets of New England - beautiful beaches, 
mountains, and forests; the historic, cultural, and educational richness 
of the Greater Boston area; and perhaps most important, an enviable 
standard of living within the reach of the software professional. 

Wang's representatives will be interviewing in the San Diego area on 
Oct. 18. To arrange an interview, call Elaine Rosenberg, Professional 
Recruiter, collect at 1-(617)-459-3786. 'Or send her your resume as soon as 
possible at: 

Wang Laboratories, Inc. 
One Industrial Avenue 
'Low,lI, MA 01851 

We are an affirmative action employer 

WANG' 

f 

...................... 1 ... 

Classifieds 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
HZYF organizing conforence 10 plan 
IhlS year's Afiyah Movement 
Calf Mark 755·6425. (10 / 16) 
DARK. .s.TAR IS back wilh DAAK 
STAR lhls Salurday al 7&9 pm. in 
MeA, Tickets 51.50 al box of lice, 
(10/9) 
Tuesday . 7 pm. P&L 1 I 10. School of 
Chl'lshan Siudies. The place 10 grow In 
your fallh , (10 / 9) 

Why Not Here? Presents I Sl Annual 
Audition Night Wed Oct 10. 
Porspecl lve lalenl sign up al WHN? 
(lalla) 
Women's Intercolleglale H20 polo 
meeting Thuls. Oct 11 al 5:30 pm 
Meet al pool bleachers. (10 / 10) 
Begillners backpacking Inp al San 
Jaclilio (Oct 13· t 4), Come 10 Outing 
Club meellng Tues al 6:30 Pill , Rac, 
Conf, Am, (10 / 8) 
The Outing Club meels tonight Come 
have some fun! 6'30 pm, Rec, Gym 
Conference Am. (10 /9) 
Sorcerers. magicians. maslers of 
realily . Oktober Fungus Fest meeti";:. 
Wed .. OCI 10. 5 pm. at 1M Aump, 
(10 / 10) 
Chrislians unile! Come find oul what 
challenges Campus Crusade offers, 7 
pm Tues P&L 1110, fl0/9) 

Change your life thiS Tuesday nlghll 
Dr, Frederick Lenz, autharof UIP-IIIII 'S: 
T 1 ue AccOtmrs 01 Remcill millon, T 01111 
Rclnw[J/1O{) ,1nd Total Commulliciliion 
WIIf conducl a four weok inlensiv~ 
semmal in MedilallOn. psychic 
exploralion, and self ·discovery. At 
Ihese seminars you w~llearn a variety 
of the In05I advanced medilalion, 
communicalion , and relaxalion 
lechnlquos known. AdmiSSion 10 
Iheso somlnars IS Iree to Ihe members 
01 the UCSD cornm4/1lly, Dr. Lenz's 
seminars are sponsored by Iho San 
DIOgo Meditallon Club 01 UCSD, Tho 
seminars Will be held III Hl Am 1205, 
Tuesday al 7:30 pm. Ocl 9. 16. 23. 30, 
n 0 / 9) 

WANTEd 
Wan led: Eligible fomales lor San 
Jaclnlo backpack lrop. Como 100Uilng 
Club lonlght 630 pm Aec Gym Coni 
Am. (10 / 9) 

PERSONAls 
Seniors: We need your help in pUlling 
logelherthe 1980 Senior Aecord (AKA 
yearbook). Come 10 our meeting on 
Thurs, OCI I I. al 9 am in Ihe Aevelle 
Provosts oltice. (t a 110) 

.A:rrEN'l'IONll 
There II !!!! automatic Insurance coverage. 

~'Cover ' 
Your 
Bod" 

Enroll now 
for 

health insurance. 
\ 

Avallablelrom inIurance representative 
at Student Health ServIces 

Tueeday thru Thursday, 9 am to 2 pm 

AU r8gistered sIudents and post docs are eligible, 

. uaIDhas& 
DENTAL GROUP 

at t.be 
Student Health Center 

with 
SbJMnt, Rates 

• BXAKINATIONS 
.DDTALWORK 
• HYGIENIBTB 

are available for 
cfeaning teeth 

We can do spouses, too! 

MONDA Y thru FRIDAY 
8:00 am 10 4:00 pm 

phone: 452·2080 

How long has it been since yOu've 
seen a dentist? 

The Daily Guardian 

• Do Ice cube Irays make good conlrOI 
panels? See lor yoursell 31 DAAK 
STAR. Ihis Salurday al 7 & 9 pill. 
11019) 
Toll me why? 
Cause I don' I like Monday, ( HI / 9) 
Tlln 
Como and gel my besl )el Friday nlghl 
al oulback. A A. ( 10 / 9) 
Albert 
I wanl 10 give you a 101. CaiCh me at 
oulback FrI, night T.B 110/ 9) 
Ann. Alisa . Anasllsa 
I wanl a lei 
Mike, 110/ 9) 
ocIliO xoB ehl la 05 I $I ylno ora 
slekcll onp 9& 7 ta yadrutaS. AAT S 
KRAD stneserp ,A A,T S K A AD 
(10/ 10) 

• SERVICES 

TYPlIlg ' UnlverSlly Clly, IBM soleclnc, 
Fasl reliable, Days 452·4244 , ask 101 
Jane. ovos 453·4966. ( 11 /30) 

CIEE student travel cneler localed on 
1M 2 lid lloor 01 the studenl center 
open MWF 8· 12. Tu ·Th 12·4 Itt 130) 

Jl,NNY'S HOME. TYPING 
TL'f1l1 papors, Ihesls, dlss Days and 
(N"S :>2&·1449, 111/30) 

TRAVEl 

Inlcrustod In Iravoling overseas to 
E uropo. South Al norlca. or the Middle 
Easl? Contact The Travol Guild for 
Ii avel Je)Jrosunlallve and chaporone 
poslhons, Phone 714/ 540·g477 alfer 
3'30 pm 1101 12) 

ltouSiNG 
Swgle room available for use In Del 
Mal I block frorn beach, $1 55/ mo, 
Call Chuck al 755·4648, (10110) 

We have hOUSing for you Share a 
beauttlul master bedroom on Coasl 
Blvd In Dol Mar $155 a lnonlh, 
4815009, ( 10 / 9) 

r 
Double rm In Del Mar. One block from 
beach. Huge backyard, Call Mike or 
Maury al 755·3660, Keep Irylng. 
(10 / 12) 

Female roommale wantod 10 share 3 
bedroom house, cooking cleaning. 
Del Mar noar beach. S 120 plus 
7552080, ( 10 / 9) 

7 

Malu lu share room In Del Mar. 
S I 201 rno & ulil. Near beach, hlway. 
Aval)able now, Craig. Jon 481·8207. 
\' ·0 / 9) 

Aoommalu wantod Non·smoker. 
elea n, 5 t 47 ,SO mo pfus ' ut~llics, Jon 
453·2809, ( 10ft 2) 

fOR SAlE 
Tonnos rackels, Snauwall GlapMe 
COi1~OSI\() . $95 and BOlonllo "2". 570. 
Bolh new. unsllung Slevo 456·0788. 
110/ 9) 

Zeus ProleSSlonal Bicycle, silver. 
sewups, spare sewup. pump. 22' 
Inch, MUSI sell worlh $600. 5395. earl 
455·&422 110/9) 

69 BUick Gran Sporl 350 4BBL. Now 
)Jain!. fresh Ilans reseal. AM·FM 
cassello w/ 6 ' 9Jensen 15 mpg 5950, 
287 ·0873, 110110) 

Doublo Bed - new bedroom set. 
k.chen lablo & four challs/ phone 
481 ·6667, Also cornor couch group 
( tOil 0) 

_ fHt1r..aH'lIEm I. 
".IiII~ 

• B : IN ~I, HIll mlllW, (1111, JOI1 JIW(~, Ulil ru 
falr.sllll_, 11111 "~IN OOll1ll 

~~ lHI1 JI~ ... u ... ~ lIIIffD 
R ._..,,-.PtCMESAiuAsE . _In __ a_,. -_ ..... _< .-~"""_I- • __ -"'_ ........ __ 

1---'111--'- I MIMI--....,-!p!!I!M!!06Il! ,-
Evrillia . 

5:15,7:151009:20 

FLOWER 
1110 Fri & s.t -*1g1 1\ t 1 :20 

Sal & Sun m8l~'" 
. . 1:05 Ind 3:10 

CINEMA 3 
1·5 a' Via de la Valle 755-00~1 

• 



• The Daily Guardian 

--WE ACCEPT 
1 

... 

DWICHES 
DESSERTS '. S S 

. , 


