
The· Daily': Guardian 
Volume 38, Number 42 Univenity of California, San Diego Monday, November 19, 1979 

Procedures Set 
F or INS Check on 
UCSD's Iranians 

By John Klock 
The date has been set for, UCSD's Iranian 

students to present themselves. to the Immigration 
and Naturalization Service and establish their 
eligibility to stay in the US. 

On friday, Nov. 30, between 8 am and 4 pm, they 
are to .appear at the Courthouse Building downtown 
with their dependents and passports, the standard 1-
94 form on which their statuli will be noted, a 
completed 1-538 form (usually used for changing 
school, length of stay or employment status), a 
transcript, a receipt for their fees, and proof of their 
residence. 

Because the Immigration Service is not coming on 
campus for the interviews, UCSD can't defy the INS 
as USC did last Friday. USC sa,id'since the INS is 
photographing all the Iranian students, it would not 
allow the agency on campus. . 

Ga....tiIM ,.,..,0 by "",...." Gi..Jt 
The red.white.and·blue painted nag above i. the work of Rick Le8ome, who believea that Americana 
mould take greater interest and pride in their dameatic well beinl rather than becaming preoccupied with 
rIeIative up8cta of life ...... LeBorne· •• wu up ,..terda, in Third eou.. •.• new apartment.. 

13 Hostages Released in Tehran, 
CBS Reports. Story page 3. 

Jim O 'Keefe, INS district director for San Diego, 
said there really is no appeal UCSD could make to 
the regulation. Extent of UCSD Reg Fee Hike Uncertain, 

But Fees Definitely Rising, Riley Says 
" If they haven't registered by Dec. 14 they are 

deportable," he said. 
He also said he doesn't know why the pictures are 

being taken, but it is not a part of the regular January 
registration. 

. . 

By Eric Jaye 
"How much?" is the only 

question left about a raise in regis-
tration fees , after the UC Regenu' 
rubber stamp approval Friday in 
Los Angeles of a plan that will 
allow total annual reg fee to rise by 
a maximum of $ 11 7 over three 
years. 

Reg fees at UCSD next year will 
certainly go up nine dollars to 
$393 per year, according to Reg 
fee Committee Chairwoman Liz 
Riley. 

But after that, how much reg 
fees will rise is uncertain. 

The official prediction made in 
a reg-fee-sponsored survey is that 
reg fees will need to go up to $456 
per year in two year~ and to $507 
the year after that, in order to keep 
pace with rising costs. 

There might be some relief 
though, according to Riley, who 
thinks the official prediction is high 
and that budgetary savings should 
manage to · keep the fee inc~ease 

down. 
Riley says the increase should 

be approximately $25 under the 
official prediction. 

Reg fees are distinct from the 
$300 per year university-wide 
Education Fee and AS-imposed 
student activity and Student 
Center fees. Students at UCSD 
currently pay $732 for all the fees . 

Reg fees are supposed to pay for 
non-academic student services, 
like Student Health, Counseling, 
UniversityEvents and Day-Care. 

In Los Angeles Friday, student 
Regent Hector Lozano once again 
cast the only dissenting vote on the 
reg fee issue, mirroring Thursday's 
Finance Committee action. 

Lozano said friday that he did 
not feel students were given an 
adequate chance to respond to the 
increase plan and that he was 
concerned that reg fees were being 
used to pay for services that should 
be covered by state funds. 

Gaonlian ,Joofo by /IIottItew Gie. 

Andy Schneider went from tudent to administrator in one 
month, a move that hilS excited con.iderable comment from hi, 
peen. Story page five. 

UC President David Saxon 
countered that UC administration 
had done its best to gather student 
response, but had to rush the 
action to get· relief for the reg fee 
budgets, which are severely 
strained after this spring's 14.5 
percent pay increase for all state 
employees. 

The San Diego District INS considered visiting 
campuses here which have large populations of 
Iranian students, like the Los Ange!eti office, but 
decided against it. 

Any Iranian student who is not carrying the 
normal class load , nine ·units for graduates, 12 for 
under~raduates , who is working illegally, or who has 
been convicted of a crime of violence puniShable by 
at least a year's imprisonment is deportable. Saxon agreed that on some 

campuses reg fees are used for 
"inappropriate" purposes (like 
certain financial aid costs at 
UCLA) and said he is trying to get 
the state to fund these services. 

But even if the state funds them 
it will not provide much relief for , 
the strained reg fee budgets . 

However, the rules are not ironclad. Phyllis Clark, 
International Center Director, said she knew of one 
Iranian student with less than the full load of classes, 
but said she ~uld "protect" the lotudent b cause there 
is a medical excuse. 

O'Keefe confirmed that the INS would "listen to 
1}1L'(f .~1' IlIrn 1(1 "'(f~1' 12 

Campus Police Deny 'new indicator' 
Story That They Spy on Students 

By Sam Gooch 
. Staff Writer 
Lieutenant Lloyd A. Turner of the UCSD 

Campus Poli ce Department denies 
allegations published in the Nov. 19 issue of 
the New Indicator by an anonymous author 
who claims UCSD poli e undercover agents 
collect photographic data on student 
activists. 

"That statement is totally untrue. There,is 
not need for us to have that type of 
operation," says Turner. 

Ac ording to Turner, campus police take 
photographs at many UCSD public events, 
especially those at which there is a potential 
for trouble such a rallies on controversial 
issues and student demonstration . 

"The photos are routine," say Turner. 
"We don't single out any particular 
organization or person. We just want to have 
a record of the event in case something 

Erratum 
. Last Thursday, we reported that Peter 

Laura , under po sible penalty of removal for 
A Coun il abs nt ism, had not appeared 
at that Wednesday's counci l meting .. , 

W a lso said that Jami Montgomery was 
on of four coun ·i l memberlo facing ·uch a 
pt"nRlt) Both report · were wrong. We 
<tpologile for any inconveni n · caused by 
the error. 

happens and we later have to determine 
what persons were or were not present." 

Turner explains that ometimes persons in 
the photographs are identified, their names 
recorded on the 'back of the photo, and the 
photo placed in a drawer along with several 
hundred others. 

"Tile names are not filed or serialized in 
any way," says Turner, "and the pictures are 
open to public scrutiny at any time." 
"Anyone who wants a shot with them in it is 
welcome to have one," Turn r add d . 

But the article in th New Indicator tates, 
" If, according to (police) analy is, a per on 
eems to be too a tive, whi h means he or 

she is participating in mor a tivities for 
so ial change tha n the Administration 
wants, the participants are furth r identified 

. on a 'chit h eL'Thi 'chit loh t' do uments 
all the a tivitie a person participate in , 
even if there have been no criminal cllarge 
filed ." 



. . 

2 The Dally Guardian Monday, November 19, 1979 
-

Living in a Foreign Country 
By Jocelyn Larkin 

A few days ago, I was sitting in Revelle plaza 
feverishly attempting to prepare for an oral report I 
was scheduled to give in less than a half an hour. A 
woman, about my age, walked up and asked if she 
might speak with me; Suspecting she might be with 
some religious group and intent on converting me, I 
offered one of those vague and evasive remarks 
designed to deter all but the most persistent. 

conclusion and touched by her request, I readily 
agreed to meet her the following day. 

At this point, I tactfully chose not to mention that I 
was a staff member of The Daily Guardian, a fact 
that , at that moment , I regretted myself . As we sat in the Muir Commons and discussed her 

interpretation of Marx, my friend mentioned she was 
educated in Germany, which confirmed my suspicion 
that, unlike 1110st of us , she was not from " the Valley" 
or "the Bay Area" or even t.he United States. A bit 
curious, I a~ked where she was from. 

Her voice strained , she confessed to me how 
frightened she was to report to the immigration office 
despite the care she had taken to insure that her visa 
was perfectly in order. 

I reassured her that despite what she read in the 
papers, most people didn't blame her and understood 
that the Iranian students in the US were not the same 
students who were holding hostages at the American 
embassy in Tehran. 

locelJln Larkin is associate opinion editor of The 
Daily Guardian. 

After a brief pause, she responded, " Iran." 
Immediately intrigued but not wanting to appear 

too curious, I remarked sympathetically that the past 
few weeks must have been difficult for her. 

As she continued, I realized she was no zealot but 
a student in the political science class for which I 
grade, and that she wanted to meet with me to discus£ 
her midterm. Feeling both guihy for my unfair 

She quietly agreed and went on to tell me that what 
had most impressed her was the overwhelming 
influence the mass media had had on public opinion 
by focusing attention on Iranian students in the US. 

She agreed half.heartedly but said what I knew 
myself to be true: This understanding group did not 
seem to represent the majority of Americans. 

Pleast! turn to pC/1ft! /2 

Saxon's Gonna Have to Serve 
Somebody: ·UC or Ford Co. 
Editor: 

In the midst of the enlarging debate regarding the corporate 
ties of the univenity, UC President Saxon's move to accept a 
consulting position with Ford Motor Co. represents blatant 
disregard for the public's concern and calls into question ethical 
standards for UC administrators and faculty. 

Saxon believes that hie position with Ford will "fill the need for 
greater cooperation between the University and private 

indulllry." Currently 12 of the 
The Dally: Guardian university 's 25 regents 

represent the interests of big 

I I business. While the coporate Opinion , link is already intimate, 
. . Saxon's new position with 

Ford makes the tie blatant, 
since Saxon controls the 

budget and oversees all stockholdings for the university. 
Unlike SaxoV's current move, however, the Regents have 

taken gr~at strid!:!s to cloak their corporate links in secrecy, to the 
point of allocating University resources in a lawsuit against the 
Fair Political Practices Commission in order to avoid disclosing 
their financial holdings. These links represent not only a conflict 
of interest, but their secrecy has magnified the ominous 
implications. 

The university has taken even further steps to prevent 
disclosure of facutly consluting with private corporations, 
allowing instances where faculty have testified publicly as 
university researchers on issues while not disclosing their conflict 
of interest 81 consultants for firms operating in that fidd. 
Currently, university policies defended by Saxon do not require 
faculty to identify employers by name,or reveal whether, or how 
much, they are paid. 

Meanwhile the University of California retains over $6 million 
invested in Ford, one of the worst offenders of human rights in 
the Republic of South AfrIca. It supplies military vehicles to 
police there. While over seven hundred students have been 
arrested and o),er tWenty '1ll0usand students have signed 

peti~s tryinit.~ endtasiie tIiia issue before the Regents over 
the IUt two yea,., stxon..biP:c.choed the.response of the US 
corporations profiting trom apartheid anObas defended the 

univ~~ty'5 investmenl'"in Ford and other like corporations. 
Saxon, who is already the highest paid employee in California 

(now receiving a .alary of $ 78, 750 annually), will now be 
receivi{lg an additional $12,000 for sitting on Ford's advisory 
council. His new salary is not our major obj~tion, however. 
Even 1f President Su"mnvereto donate ~is 'salary back to the 
univer~ity, the cOJlnict Of interest would remain .. 

The _ Solution is: c1etlr. SaI'Ofl should resign frOJ!l his position 
with f~d, or resign <a. president of the University of California. 

In::me future, growing iylareness on the part of the public 
regafdiig the ~r.t corpo~ate ties of university officials will 
certainly lead to, greater· protest, and calls for greater 
accoun.tability. Students for Economic Democracy plans to be 
part o(. that pr.Qte,t. .. ~ . 

: ~ • • -: . DALLAS BURTRA W 
._" .C-o.c., Students for Economic Democracy 

The Daily' Guardian 

Eric J.ye 
t:dttur 

Jell BereJonI.Howt! 
~w. EditOf 

Kothy Huff .. 
JohnHo ....... 

John KIjoc~ 
Cupy t,Allor 

John H. T.,a.. 
OPlRkln Edit ur 

Jon God. 
I Sportll tAtlor 

• ....thew CtecIl 
__ 'lhutu b ,.lm 

Tedllurk. 
Art" EdIIH' 

IWryoT ..... 
G ...... IIIM.trl.IK..,. 

~ ~c.w.-.... a..-

rhe iJoily Cuar(/ian is 
published Monday thruugh 
Friday during the regular 
school year by students ilt the 
University 01 California, San 
Diegu. Offices are located on 
the first lIour ul the student 
(t·nter. Mailing address: 
Student Cenler (B02t) /, 
UeSD LII .Julia, CA " 9211Y3 . 
rill' iJni/!! GUllrlii(f1l 
suhsl.:ril>es til Ihe Associated 
Press, the Lus An!{dt:s TilllC!s 
Syndicate ilnd Pa 'ific News 
Service. 

Fur news , call 4S2-34tl6 . 

NOW Keep. 
IN M1ND .. ·WeRe 
DEALIN\ WlfH A II) 
BUNCH Of CRA2/c? 
HeRe .. .. 

Communicati.ons Program is at 
Crossroads: Needs Teachers 

Editor: 
I thought The Daily 

Guardian did an excellent job 
(Nov. IS) of opening up 
discussion of the UCSD 
Communications program. It 
·is a complicated story with a 
long istory and clarity about 
the current status of the 

program is important for 
people to know. 

The program is indeed at an 
important crossroads. We 
have a so~d social science 
curriculum, we have good' 
relations with several 
departments, and we like what 
we are doing. But we are also 

Program is a Science, 
Not a ·Technical Skill 
Editor: 

I was happy to see a news story (Nov. 15) in The Daily 
Guardian regarding the Communications program, but several 
aspects of the story were disturbing. 

In this brief note, I would ~ke to emphasize that the 
characterization of the program as "vocational" is completely 
contrary to my experience in the program for the last two years. 
All of my professors have emphasized communications as an 
analytic social science, flot a "how to do it" program. Our media 
work is specifically geared to testing our analytic powers in 
practice. It's exactly the same logic I used when I took college 
chemistry. . 

I think the article was a good beginning in opening a necessary 
dialogue on the program. However, in order '0 broaden the 
discussion I think a few suggestions would be in order. 

First, althou~h you had quoted Professor Schiller as having 
stated that , • Communications is a field of the utmost 
importance," I was chagrined that you did not pursue his line of 
thought further . Perhaps in the coming issues of the Guardian 
you might devote an article on why the study of communications 
is considered of utmost importance by Schiller, Mike Cole and 
numerous other scholars. . 

Second, although you assume that "much" of the present 
controversy around the program has to do with its "nature as 
part of Third College and its history," I believe that a great deal 
of the problem is a lack of information about the program on the 
part of the UCSD academic comm~nity as a whole. In this sense 
I believe the Guardian could provide a very uloeful service to the 
academic community and the Communications program by 
truly informing the campus of the true nature of the program as it 
exist now and its potentialities. 

JAMES fERNANDEZ 

overwhelmed with student 
interest combined with faculty 
mistrust. 

I believe that the mistrust 
will dissipate markedly when 
people better understand the 
constructive changes in the 
program wrought by its faculty 
and students lasl year. But in 
the meantime, the campus 
must deCide that it want& a 

' Communications program. 
Without some sort of teaching 
resources added to the 
program, we simply can't do 
our job properly. · 
. This situation poses severe 

dilemmas for departments 
already concerned with losing 
faculty positions. As several 

_ faculty members commented, 
there is disagreement about 

. whether we should be a 
program or a department. My 
own desire for us to be a 
program is very strong and 
based, I believe, on good 
academic reasoning. But not 
even it program can be 
maintained without coopera· 
tion. 

So, the question remains: 
Will there be a Communica-
tions program at UCSD? The 
answer has to be yes or no. 
"Maybe" does a di.service to 
the students and the faculty 
alike. I vote "yes." But that's 
understandable. 1nat's what I 
was hired to make poloSible. 

Thanklo again for the !ine 
story. 

MIKE COLE 
Coordinator 

Mo~day, November 19,1979 The Dally Guardian 3 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
I INTERNATIONAL I. I NATIONAL II STATE 
13 Released in Iran Ayatollah on TV 

TEHRAN - Militants occupying the US 
emba~sy here released 13 American hostages early 
today, CBS News reported. The militants said 
yesterday they would release eight black men and 
five women for deportation by the Iranian Foreign 
Ministry, Tehran radio said. 

State Department spokesman Walter Ramsey 
said in Washington that US officials had not been 
informed of the release of the hostages, but said, "If 
it's true, it would of course be very welcome 
information. " 

The CBS report said the 13 were taken to 
Tehran's Mehrabad Airport and placed on a flight to 
an unspecified European destination. CBS quoted an 
unconfirmed report that they were to be taken on a 
Swissair flight to Zurich, Switzerland. 

If released, the hostages would be the first 
Americans freed from the embassy since Nov. 4, 
when the militants seized the compound and 60 to 62 
Americans , demanding the US return deposed Shah 
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi to stand trial for his life. 

ABC-TV identified three of the released hostages 
as Marine Sgt. WiI~am E. Quarles, of Washi~gton 
D.C., Marine Sgt. Ladell Maples, 23, of Earle, Ark. , 
and Katherine Gross, 22, of Cambridge Springs Pa., 
a secretary in the econom·ics division of the embassy. 
They had appeared at an embassy news conference 
last night. . 

Greek A1)niversary 
A mENS, Greece - Thousands of youths 

marched in downtown Athens yesterday to mark the 
sixth anniversary of a student uprising that led to the 
downfall of the mi~tary government in 1974. 

Chanting "bread, education, freedom" and "the 
Polytechnic lives," t.he youths marched from the 
Polytechnic Institute to the city's unknown soldier's . 
tomb. 

The student revolt again.t the mmtary government 
on Nov. 17, 1973, in which troops and po~ce killed 
at least 34 persons and injured scores. Less than a 
year later the military government collapsed and a 
civilian government took over. 

I 

NEW YORK - Iran's Moslem leader granted 
interviews to all three major television networks 
yellterday and repeatedly warned that some hostages 
in the US Embassy in Tehran will be tried as spies if 
the deposed shah is not returned to Iran. 

The grim-faced Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini sat 
rigid and showed little feeling during the interviews 
through interpreters, although the translated words 
were frequently impassioned. 

But he declined to speculate on whether he might 
sever all relations with the United States, close the 
embassy and release the hostages, saying only that 
"this is possible and should be studied." 

The Iranian religious leader said in an interview 
with NBC's John Hart that the type of embassy the 
Uniled States has had in Iran "is not tolerable." 

Khomeini told CBS' Mike Wallace in an interview 
aired on the 60 Minutes program that "this spy nest 
you call the US Embassy" could become "a place 
of ... diplomacy." 

Ted.'s Ass Whipped 
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. - President Carter, 

working to repeat the Florida victories that helped 
propel him toward 'the White House four years ago, 
overwhelmed Sen. Edward Kennedy in a non-
binding slraw ballot yesterday at the state's 
Democratic convention. 
, Carter won 1,114 delegates to Kennedy's 351, a 
margin of 76 percent to a s~ghtly less than 24 
percent. Nine delegates expressed no preference. 
Calfironia Gov. Edmund Brown Jr. was not on the 
ballot. 

Carter' I victory· had been virtually assured for 
week •. But the president's supporters whoo~ up 
the victory anyway. "We want Carter,' they 
shouted, repeatedly interrupting the counting and 
taking over the podium in a boisterous circle as large 
counties came in for Carter. 

Strategillb on both sides said the real showdown 
between Carter and Kennedy will be on March 11 in 
the Florida primary when 100 Democratic National 
Convention delegates will be chosen. 

New MSA Attorney 
LOS ANGELES - The lawyer hired to represent 

the 142 Iranian students arrested in the violent Nov. 
9 Beverly Hills protest has been replaced because the 
Moslem Students Association disagrees with his view 
of the confrontation. 

Attorney Carl Cappozola said that after watching 
films of the protest and a counter-demonstration by 
Americans, he felt "a great many students were 
arrellted simply for their protection and that the cases 
should be rejected without formal filing." 

But when Cappozola slated his opinion publicly, 
student leaders rejected his line of reasoning, he said. 

"They said the police beat them and their position 
was they weren't arrested for their own protection," 
Cappozola said . "The government of Iran wants a 
low-key approach and the students want their own 
allorneYIi to represent what they think to be a political 
situation, more than a criminal one." 

Cappozola, who was retained by the Iranian 
consulate in Washington, DC, said he will slay in 
touch with the consul and representatives from 
Washington. 

O-E Back Today 
SACRAMENTO - California's second round of 

odd-even gasoline allocation began at 12:01 am 
today in the 15 counties, including San Diego 
County, which had briefly adopted it last summer. 

It is scheduled to spread to the rest of the state in 
two more weeks, precisely at 12:01 am Monday, 
Dec. 3. 

The odd·even system permill motorists with even· 
numbered license plates to fill up only on even· 
numbered days of the calendar, and similarly those 
with odd·numbered plates. Personalized plates in 
which there are no numbers are considered odd· 
numbered. 

There are exceptions: Motorists more than 100 
miles away from their homes, emergency vehicles, 
motorcycles and similar two· wheeled vehicles, 
vehicles used for public transportation, those rented 
for leSli than 30 days, and vehicles operated by the 
handicapped or used to transport patienll. 

PREPARED SOFT CONTACT LENSES $85 pair or 2 pair $110· 
plus stylish rimless designer sunglasses-

$40 value included fr« with your contact purchase 

Student Special: 
Helena Rubinstein or Pierre Cardin 
designer glasses regular $89.95 list 

reduced 50% to $49.95 complete! 
~ Mediclll Dentlll Center 
Dr Ala H 1 - hal 0 D 9855 Erma Rd, Ste 107 

. n . J..Cvent , . . 566~ 
A "" ...... """,",,,,,,, ..... , .... , 

AlEXANDER'S PlnA 
Mon • Tues Nite Special 
..-----2~for~ 1--~:------, 

Buy one pizza at the regular price and ~et 
the second one of equal or lesser value FREE 

'------ (not good on take-out orders).------' 
Each person must purchase a beverage. 

Bring in the whole gang and feed them 
for half the price. 

The deep dish pizza is our specialty-call in 
30 minutes early and we'll have it ready for you! 

4605 E. Mission Bay Drive 

1~=:.=::~ •••• (~1~/~2~b;IOC;k~lIOuth of Gam~tl 272~2400 

FOR 
FINALS? 

What if you could cut 
reading and study time 
in half? 
YOIJCANI 
What if you could recall 
all test material to 
practically assure success? 

yotJ CANI 

At Learning Dynamics' 2-day PRE·FINALS 
WORKSHOP. Bring your own , books and learn 

how to breeze thru finals. 

Special holiday discount plus 
100% satisfaction guarantee or 

your money back! 

111-71.0 
LEARNING 



.. t·· 

Police Deny 
Surveillance 
Charges 
ConljnueJ trom pof141 I 

Photographa and a "chit 
.heel" dated 1969 and 1970 
alIetredIy depicting tho.e uaed 
by OCSD Police accompanied 
the anonymous ~. 

TIae DaU~ Guard1aD Mond&~, November 18, 1879 

I 

"The author told me that 
both the photo. and the "chit 
.heel" were obIained from 
Student Affairs and that 
Student Affairs received them 
from UCSD Police," sayl 
New Indicator collective 
member Jon Bddcen. 

Thia -chit .a-t,. printed in the __ iridieator'l Iut __ , w .. "'epdIJ kept by CAmpUI police here in the early 70.. 

, 

Turner "YI that "At no 
time do we conduct 
lurreptitiolU inveltigationl 
about IhKienIl or liludent 
groupII on thiI campua." 

University Hospital Might Suffer Structural 
Damage in Earthquake, But Lives Are Safe 

"We did not recognize the 
nhnIngraphl or the IUPPQIed t;;hit- .heet' at all," Turner 
18)'1. "The only recordl we 
keep here are our own 
penonneI files, orvanizational 
information auch as parkinK 
and movi vioIatioru and 
arrest rec::t," T wner added. 

The article aJ.o ltated ''The 
repreuion continuel, evpl as 
the probleml, and the 
commu~t1'1 reactionl to 
thoee probIemI, continuel." 

". have no idea what the 
author meant by reprealion," 
8811 Turner. "and we are not 
really interested in who made 
thole .... ationl. They are 
inliJnjficant to us." 

By Peter Mortemen 
Staff Writ. 

University HOIPital in 
. Hillcrest could incur moderate 
ItruCturai damage in the event 
of a major earthquake, but no 
Iife-ulely dangera would ariIe 
during a tremor, accorc5ng to 
a study released Friday. 

"From a life.lafety 
Itandpoint during (a strong) ... 
earthquake, it il our opinion 
that the aa·exiltD!g condition 
of the University Hoapital 
IlruCture presents no major 
concern," the Seilmic 
Enginee ' Associates report 
informed ~. UC Regents as 
they discuaaed the iuue in Loa 
Angeles late last week. 

The study does IUggeat, 
however, that $2 million be 
uled to strengthen such 
Ilructural areas aa exterior 
facadel and elevator shafts. 
Such voluntary changes would 

monday 
job board 

save the hospital about $8 
million in earthquake property 
damage during the predicted 
seismic activity of the next 
100 years. 

The report a110 suggesll 
hospital officials inveltigate 
life· safety problems that might 
occur frain heavy equipment 
moving during ground 
shaking. Anchoring x·ray 
machines and large lab 
equipment might help alleviate 
the problem, the report says. 

"Now that we have the 
report that the hoapital itself is 
safe and would continue 10 
function, what we now have 10 
look at iI ... what the statui of 
how well the equipment in the 
hoapital is anchored," says 
hospital director Sheldon 
King. 

"I do not know what such a 
report would reveal at this 
point, but there win certainly 

be more COlt involved," he 
adds. King doubts a new study 
wiI begin within the next six 
months, but he expects the 
Regenll win institute such 
action by next year. 

King says the results' of the 
study will be a 'actor in the 
Regents' recent 'negotiations 
to purchase the hoapital, which 
is presently leased by UC from 
the county. 

The county will probably 
not take responsibility for the 
rec:ommendf!d improvemenll, 
since by contract, the Regenll 
and ultimately the state have 
that responsibility, King 
believes'. 

Marvin Dunn, acting dean 
of the medical school, says 
that "the fact that there is not a 
life-safety problem at that 
hospital il enormously 
reassuring, .. but hoppes the 
Regents would take quick 

action to correct structural 
deficiencies pointed out in the 
report. A similar evaluation, 
Dunn said, is taking place al 
the Veterans Administration 
hOlpital on campus. 

The positive structural 
analysis by SEA partially 
contradicts an earlier 
preliminary study which says 
the II·story patient tower 
doel not meet federal and state 
earthquake standards for 
hospitals. The B1aylock.Willis 
and Associates study was 
based on existing data and 
entailed no new on· site 
measurements. 

According to details in the 
report, University Hospital is 
lell likely to endure strong 
ground.shaking during the 
next 100 years than any 
facilities on the other nine UC 

FLY ON LAKER'S NEW 
THREE, TIER SERVICE:' 

I to, London I 
Thll II I Nmpli"" uf urponunilics IlioN with Car_ Plann .... iii. PIac;""'nt IS uf Iaoc W cd~y 
morni",. Violl .... the Studrn. Cent ... BuilJin_ 8. WE ARE HERE TO HELP! 

----~-·Round trip fares -------

EARn! SCIENTIST: $\3. 18.000/ yar. 8A 01' as minimum (6827). 
BIOLOGICAL TECHNIC/AN: (Fiohmea) $S.40/ hr. 8A or lIS dow.., (6809>-
JR, CHEMIST: $12.500/ yr (DOE~ Bad .. 1or Dqpec in ~ (6806). 

SALES CLERK: $of'.OO/ hr. Ch ......... (D .. O·UZj. 
PBX OPERATOR; $4.S9/ hr. ILOO am .. 7:00 pm (C-0409,. 
HOTEL DESK CLERK: $3.78/ hr (C0405,. 
TEACHER'S A/DES: $J.65/ hr. 3-6 hrs / .!aV (j-033 I). 
GEOGRAPHY/ PLANNER: $4.76/ hr (OOE, (E-01i9'. 
TUTOR, ORGANIC CHEMISTRY: SIO.OO/ hr (J-01U,. 

tNT.""" 
COMPUTER PROGRAMMER: SS.OO/ hr (DOE, Malh. Cump/ Sc. Jr. (Z·2700). 
COMPUTER A/DE: Salary DOE. 40 h,. / wk. C .. mp/ Sc. Jr. (Z .. 3066). 
PROGRAMMER, Sllary DOE. 40 hrs/ "k . ComrlSc. JrISr . (Z·3067 ,. 

CURIINT EVENTS • ANHOUNCIMENTS 
CAUFO RN/A SENATE FEllO-"/SHII' PR(X1RAM: 

For jO'oJuallnw ""nion/ oU ma~-'i"Pliclllon' anJ in(orn'"I"'" o.ailot-"· 01 d ... Ca ....... Plannin. iii. 
Place"",nl Oflke. in •• k~ J, .. k. . 

CALIfORNiA ASSEMRL \' FI::lLOWSHII' PRU(;RAM: 
Ft'lr ItrIklUII.i .... onhlf5f all nlljors-arr11c:nkms anJ infurmar141ft Dv"ilahk at dw ell""''' rlanninM &. 

Pllccnwnt OffICe, in •• ~ .. · -.k.,,,. ' . 
ORE'., unci U,\lA T', 

Ayail ... ,,· al Ca"..,.. Pl:1IIniw iii. PII""",nl. 

TIlE /IROA/)WAY 
Is WCklOM fall (IN winh.·",,.,u, RI\ .-;tlk,hJan."l'I in . 11 ma;"N~ (ur , ........ hions In their rm .......... "fK 

tr.ln" f; r,rutcram. Thil la an 4.'l«:",lkn. ol",.,N1"Unity (U ",O( into Ilk- f1cIJ! T "Iu.' Man',,! 

STANDARD $409.00 

EXCURSION ' $469.00 

ECONOMY 

stand,,,, 

confirmed reservation 
(21 da,s in admnce) 
.confirmed Tesen.ration 

(an, time) 

For further information, contact CIEE Student 
Travel Service, located on the second floor of the 

Student Center. 

Open MWF S,12 am, T /Th 12'4 pm. 

Phone: 452,063°. 

Council on International Educational Exchange 

Monday, November 19.1979 The Daily Guardian • 5 

Schneider Either Praised or Scorned 
"Andy Schneider once told me that he has always 

wan ,ed 10 head any organization,of which he was a 
part: in high school to be principal; in junior co llege 
the presidenl of that college; and at UCSD his 
greatest ambition was to be the chancellor . .. 

-an acquaintance of Andy Schneider . 

By Katherine Hafner 
Staff Writer 

Ambition 'creates enemies. 
While Schneider's undergraduate career, 

completed last June, left behind a trail of 
administrators who "will do anything to boost Andy's 
career," he 's also created a long list of students who 
believe his ambition has stood in the way of morality. 

Student are still talking about Schneider because 
he was appointed this summer as special assistant 10 
the chancellor, a job that Chancellor McElroy says 
makes him a UCSD legislative liaison on local, state, 
and federal levels, and entails his doing "any job 
around the office that needs working on." 

Schneider will only hold the position this year, but 
he will be paid $20,000 for it. 

He was hired last August when Dave Ryer, former 
assistant chantellor, was transferred to University 
Hospital in an unrelated move. ' 

Prof. Pat Ledden and Schneider 611 Ryer's 
position. Ledden says. 

Schneider's hiring was an exception to the routine 
six·week hiring process but, McElroy says, 
"considering the circumstances we didn't have much 
choice." 

Schneider received the job after he submitted a 
lengthy letter to McElroy in early June, pointing out 
some of UCSD's needs "as a campus and 
university . " 

While he did not openly request a job in the letter , 

Schneider says he suggested " if (McElroy) ever 
wanted to work on some of these projec ts (he) would 
be willing to help in any way." 

Soon afterwards, McElroy called him in, returned 
his letter and said, ~'Here, why don't you work on 
some of these points." 

He's "perfect for the job," Mc Elroy says. McElroy 
says he hired Schneider because "he (Schneider) 
knew what was going on so well at UCSD he could 
step right in." 

Schneider's job terminates July I , when McElroy 
will step down as chancellor. 

During his five years as an undergradua te, 
Schneider became well· known throught the UCSD 
community, as he puts it, "either as an activist or a 
!:omplainer. " 

While' a .sociology major at Muir , Schneider woh 
five student Leadership and Community Service 
awards, served on two boards and countless 
committees, interned for the Vice Chancellor of 
Academic Affairs Paul Sahman (who was 
Schneider's thesis advisor) , worked as a student 
lobby intern in Sacramento, and received five 
"college" and six "professional" appointments . 

At the same time , Schneider maintained a 3.5 
GPA and earned "100 percent of (his) college 
expenses ." In addition to campus jobs, Schneider 
worked nights in a restaurant so he and his brother 
could meet the down payment on a $110,000 
BToadmoor condominium home they bought lasl 
summer. 

"It was tough," Schneider says, "and we didn't eat 
for a while." Now Schneider is in the black, his 
parents live with him and he helps pay his brother's 
medical school tuition . . 

Bul Schneider's immediate escalation to the 
chancellor's office is "upsetting" to many people, not 
only because he so recently received his bachelor's 
degree, bul because of a reputation that seems to 

affected almost everyone he worked with as an 
undergraduate. 

While McElroy maintains · Schneider has been 
" very much concerned with the variety of student 
problems" a t UCSD, many former UCSD students 
who have worked with Schneider in the past wonder 
whether he is "an advocate of the students - or of 
himself ," as one put it. 

Ron Bee, a co·founder of the Student CO'operative 
(the forerunner of the AS) , comments that Schneider 
was rarely willing to cooperate while they worked 
together in the Co·op, and was interested only in "the 
advancement of Andy Schneider." 

A widespread sentiment among those who worked 
with Schneider in the Co·op is that while he devoted 

. much time there, he lacked "principles ," or, as one 
fonner Co-op member put it, he had no "moral 
reference point." 

Another fonner Co·op member says Schneider 
would " say whatever was convenient in order to 

pr~mote himself." This source characterizes 
Schneider as "the ultimate opportunist, trying always 
to capitalize on loopholes ." 

Schneider aiso served as campaign manager for 
Student Center chairman eary Moser, a candidate 
for 1977·78 AS President, while he was associ ale 
news editor of the Trilon Times . 

"His contribution amounted 10 a series of 
commentaries for Moser," says former Triton Times 
news editor Laura Richter. 

"Schneider is a consummate politician," 
comments fonner Trilon Times editor Alan Russell. 

. " If anyone should write a blueprint on how to rise in 
the bureaucratic structure at UCSD, it's Andy. 

" But how can you think negatively of a person who 
always greets you with compliments and smiles?" 
Russell adds. 

W~ile acknowledging thai " Andy slepped on 
Please ttlrn /" f>(/~l' 12 

MEN/WOMEN TECH/NON-TECH ZOOM 2000 HAIR STUDIO 

~-H. 
KllPUIN 

EduClt11lll1 C.ntlr 
elll Oa,. h ....... w" ... 

2180 Gamet 
Pacific Beach 

270-6810 
CLASSES 

ON 
CAMPUS 

Centers In Mort Than 10 MaID' 
US CltI ... PuertD RiCOl Toron1D, Cenadl a LUI_, Sw Iztrtand 

Outside NY St.t. 
CALL TOLL "U: .·HJ·".' 

GRADUATING? 
NO JOB?' 

YOU 'MAY 
QUALIFY 

FOR AN ADVANCED DEGREE IN 
A PROFESSION IN HIGH DEMAND 
WHATEVER YOUR PRESENT FIELD 

NEEDED: ANY B.A. 
MOTIVATION MATURITY HIGH GPA 

-2 VI PROGRAM 
MS IN INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING 
AT THE UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA 

GRADUATES FROM THIS PROGRAM INCLUDE 
THOSE WITH BACHELOR'S DEGREES IN: 

ACCOUNTING 
ASTRONOMY 

BiOLOGY 
CHEMISTRY 

ECONOMICS 
LIFE SCIENCE 

MATHEMATICS 
ORIENTAL STUDIES 

PHILOSOPHY 
PSYCHOLOGY 

SECONDARY EDUCATION 
THEOLOGY 

ALL ARE NOW PROFESSIONALLYV EMPLOYED. 

INTERVIEWS WILL BE HELD ON CAMPUS ON 
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 20. SIGN UP AT THE 

PLACEMENT OFFICE. 

,...--____ offers a ----__ ..... 

HOLIDAY SPECIAL 
$65 perms now only .$30! 1..----- (long hair extra) ------.. 

Includes consultation, cut, deep conditioni ng 
. and tyling 

ALI perms 100% guaranteed if our profesSional 
hair care program is continued at home. 

Stu~~nt 10 Requi red 
7419 La Jolla Blvd (1 blk sQuth of Pearl) 

must call for appointment · 

~~~iiii459-94 26iiiiiiiiii~iI 

TIRED OF LOOKING FOR A JOB 
FOR EACH SCHOOL VACATION? 

WE MAY BE ABLE TO HELP! 
DISNEYLAND is looking for 

enthusiastic, vibrant, capable people 
for CONTINUING SEASONAl! WORK. 
Our Immediate needs are tor the 

Thanksgiving and Christmas Holidays. 
FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR 
COLLEGE PlACEMENT OFFICE OR APPLY IN 

PERSON AT THE 
DISNEYlAND CASTING OFFICE. 

j.ll~neglQnd 
1313 HARBOR BLVD., ANAHEIM, CA 92803 

Eqll.I Opportunity Employer 



6 • The DaIl)" OuardtaD 

What's On: 
11/19-11/25 

RECREATION 
MONDAY 

4:00 . 5:00 pm - Korean Karate Club meet. in the North 
Balcony, Main Gym. Welcomes new members. 

4:00 . 6:00 pm - Table Tennis Club meets today. Please join us 
for open play. Starts at 4 pm. Rec. Conf. Room, Rec. Gpn. 

4:00 ·6:00 pm - Gymnastics Club meets in the South Balcony, 
Main' Gym. Open gymnastics. 

5:00 . 6:00 pm -Katate Club meets daily, 5-6 pm, in the' North 
Balcony, Main Gym. Dues. 

6:00 pm - Snow Ski Club Meeting. all Cal final information. Plus 
- Radically Inclined T-Shirt Sale! Rec. ConI. Room. 

6:30 . 8:00 pm - Aikido Club practice session, Wrestling Room, 
Main Cym. 

8:00 pm -.: I ... aeli Folk Dance Club meets for dancing ... everyone 
welcome! Rec. Conference Room, Rec. Gym. 
nJESDAY 

6:00 pm - Ski Team Meeting. We will diSCUSS the ruIe.s and 
techni~es of racing as well as the chance of reducing insurance 
cOlb. BRING YOUR FEE MONEY. HL 1148-

7:00 pm - Tuesday's Porpourri hosts a Women's Self Def~nae 
Workshol!, 7:00 . 10:00 pm. This is a weekly workshop series for 
the UCSD community, co-sponsored by Warren College and 
CamPus Recreation. Meets at new Warren Apartment Recreation 
Center. Men welcome, too. 
WEDNESDAY 

4:00 pm - Lacrosse Club Practice today, 4·6 pm Mondays, 
Wednesdays, Fridays. Meets in front of the Campull Rec. Office. 

4:00 . 5:00 pm - Korean Karate Club meets in the North 
Balcony, Main Gym. New members welcome. 

4:00 . 6:00 pm - Gymnastics Club meets today in the South 
Balcony, Main Gym. 

5:00 . 7:00 pm - Yoga Club meets today in the Adaptive Room, 
Main Gym. Dues. -
FRIDAY It SA TURDA Y 

8:00 . 4:00 pm - The Northwest YMCA is holding a thristmas 
Crafts Fair. Pottery. scrimshaw, ornaments, art and other unique gift 
items will be on sale. There will be entertainment, Part of proceeds go 
to the YMCA to help fund programs. Northwest YMCA, 8355 
Cliffridge Avenue, La Jolla. About 2 miles from UCSD. 

MEETINGS 
MONDAY 

4:00 pm - Regents Task Force Meeting - Work on the 
Democratization of the Regents committee. Come and get involved. 
Gameroom conference room. 

8:00 pm - Organizational meeting of the Committee to Elect 
Kennedy President. All students, faculty, and staff are invited. 
George Mitrovitch of the Draft Kennedy movement will speak. 
Student Center Lounge. 
nJESDAY 

5:30 pm - UCSD Democrats and Progressives: Kennedy, 
Carter, Brown, Hayden supporters welcome. Lively discussion of 

°iuues, plus plans to get invitations to meet the candidates. Come to 
Walk's Pub near the rear door. 

6:30 pm - ' Cross country ski films at the Outing Club meeting 
tonight, at the Rec. Gym Conf. Room. • 

7:00 pm - UCSD Abalone alliance meeting Tuesday, Nov. 
20th, at the Lounge in the Student Center. Fund.raising and 
leafletting, among other things, will be discussed. 
WEDNESDAY 

4:00 pm - Urban and Rural Studies Student Organization 
(URSSO) meeting in URS Department conf. Room. Everyone 
welcome who wants to participate. 
THURSDAY 

7:00 pm -Surf Club and Team meeting, Mandatory for team 
members: Club Officers meet at 6:30 to di.cuu film for winter 
quarter. HSS 2150 . . 

, 

19,1979 

. . 

--

SERCES : 
MONDAY 

8:30 . 4:00 pm (Monday through Wednesday) - OASIS 
Writing Center offers free service for all UCSD students who need 
pre.writing help. conferences on drafts and editing advice. We 
engage any kind of writing and any kind of writing problem. Call 

452~2284 after 8: 15 am to schedule an appointment, or .drop in 
USB 4070 8:30·4:00. conferences are also available Tuesdays and 
Sundays, 6-8 pm, USB 4070. 

9:00 . 12:00 am - On.Campus Interview with U.S. Marine 
Corps. Drop in from 9:00· 12:00 am, Student Center, Bldg. B. 

10:00 - 3:00 pm ( Monday through Wednesday) - OASIS 
T.ARGET STUDY SKILLS SEMINARS covering the following 
topics: (1) Time Management, (2). Textbook and Lecture 
Notetaking, (3) How to Study for Finals and (4) Test Anxiety. 
Seminars will be flresented every hour on the hour from lOam to 3 
pm in 4010 USB, Monday through Wednesday. Individual 
instruction available. Call 452·2284, or come by 4010 USB for 
more information . Services are free, 

3:00 - 4:00 pm - PRE·INTERVIEW MEETINGS. Inside 
information and tips on Humanities and Social Sciences recruiters, 
led by the Humanities and Social Sciences Career Advisor, 3:00· 
4:00 pm each Monday of recruiting season, at Career Planning and 
Placement, Student Center, Bldg. B. 
TUESDAY 

8:00 am - UCSD Undergraduates may sign up for a limited 
number of Extension courses on a complimentary basis. Students 
may sign up ONL Y for UCSD approved courses on this date 
(courses numbered from X I . X 198.). For further information, see 
the people in the Extension Registration Office, north of Muir 
College parking lot. 452-3400. 

9:00 - 10:00 pm - GRADUATE/PROFESSIONAL 
SCHOOL ADVISING SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings, 
Bldg. B, Student Center. 

. 9:00 . 4:30 pm - On· Campus Interview with Bullocks. Sign up 
in Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. B. . 

9:00 ·4:30 pm - On-Campus Interview with Ma.sachusetts 
Institute of Technology. Sign up in Career Planning, Bldg. B, 
Student Center. 

9:00 • 4 :30 pm - On.Campul Interview with Burroughs. 
CANCELLED. . 

10:00 - 11:00 am - RESUME CRITIQUE & JOB SEARCH 
ADVISING SESSIONS for Humanitiel & Social Sciences major •. 

Review, brainstorm and develop your personal job strategies. Bldg. 
B, Student Center. 

10:00 am . noon - Career Hours for Physical and Engineering 
~iences Majors are available on a drop· in basis to help with your 
career and job-hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to 
you. 6205 Urey Hall. 

12:00 . 1:00 pm - CA~EER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings for Humanities and Social 
Sciences Students to explore occupational possibilities. Muir College 
Conference Room (Old Fishbowl). 

1:00 . 3:00 pm - Career Hours for Physical and Engineering 
Sciences Majors are available on a drop· in basis to help with your 
career and job.hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to 
you. 2132 Urey Hall. 

7:;30 pm - Learn to med,tate tonight with the San Diego 
Meditation Club! Guest lecturer, Dr. Frederick Lenz, author and 
authority on Eastern Mysticism, will be conducting this free 
workshop. As in Jonathan Livingston Seagull, we will be learning 
"Iow·level flying!". Don't misa it. HL 1205: 
WEDNESDAY 

8:00 am - UCSD Undergraduates may sign up for a limited 
number of Extension courses on a complimentary basis. Students 
may sign up for non-credit COUlSes on thie date (courses numbered 
X3OO-X399, X4oo·X499, X800·X899). There will be limited 
space in some courses, so 'come early. First come, first served. for 
further information, see the people in the Extension Registration 
Office, North of Muir. 

9:00 . 4:30 pm - On.Campus Interview with Lockheed 
Califomia. Sign up in Career Planning, Student Center, Bldg. 8. 

9:00 . 4:30 pm - University of Arizona Interdisciplinary 
Engineering Program. Sign up in Career Planning, Student Center, 
Bldg. 8. 

10:00·11:00 am - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal advising meetings for Humanitie. and Social 
Sciences Students to explore occupational possibilities. Warren 
College Provost's Conference Room, 302 WC. 

10:00·4:00 pm - On-Campullnte~w with UCLA Graduate 
School of Management. Sign upin Career Planning, Student Center, 
Bldg. B. 

2:00 . 3:00 pm - CAREER PATHFINDERS ADVISING 
SESSIONS. Informal advising meeting for Humanities and Social 
Sciences Student. to explore occupational possibilities., Revelle 
College, Provo.t'. Conference Room. 

The Daily Guardian 

LECTURES 
TUESDAY 

12:00 . 1 :00 pm - CONTRACEPTIVE EDUCATION 
SESSION: Informal discussion. All must allend to receive birth 
control services and men are encollraged to attend as well. No 
appointment necessary, located in the conference room at the UCSD 
Student Health Center. 

4:00 pm - Chemical· Physics seminar: "Coherent Optical 
Transient~." Speaker, Dr. Alexander Wokaun, IBM Research 
laboratOries. San Jose, Ca. 2105 Bonner Hall. 
WEDNSDAY 

12:00 - I :00 pm - CONTRACEPTIVE EDUCATION 
SESSION: Informa discussion. All must allend to receive birth 
control services, and men are encouraged to attend as well. No 
appointment necessary, located in the conference room at the UCSD 
Student Health Center. 

4:00 pm - Organic/Inorganic seminar: "Synthesi. of 
Catecholamine". Speaker, Dr. Mitchell Avery, Department of 
Chemistry, UCSD. 104 Third College Lecture Hall. 

RELIGIOUS 
• 

'MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY 
9:00 am· 3:00 pm - TridenlChristian Fellowship Thanksgiving 

food Drive. Help send food to orphanages in Mexico. Place· Revelte 
Plaza. 
MONDAY 

8:00 pm - Introduction to the Christian faith seminar is 
postponed until next Monday, with Bernie Campbell and John 
Huber, at University Lutheran Church. 
TUESDAY & THURSDAY 

3:00 pm - LDSSA Old Testament Class. LDS Institute, across 
from Muir. 
TUESDAY 

7:00 pm - School of Christian Studies - A place to get to know 
other Christians and to learn what makes Christianity unique among 
world religions. P&L 1110. 

7:30 pm - Inter-Varsity Trident Christian Fellowship meeting. 
Formal Lounge. 
THURSDAY 

4 :00 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All 
litudents, faculty and staff are welcome. Game Room ConI. Room, 
Student Center. 
FRIDAY 

12 noon - Calvary Chapel Home fellowship. A fundamental, 
non·denominational Bible Study. Everyone is welcome. Come join 
us in the Game Room Conf. Room at the Student Center. Come walk 
with us in the Spirit. 
SATIJRDAY 

5:00 pm - Catholic Mass, University Lutheran Church. 
SUNDAY 

8:30 am - Catholic Masl, University Lutheran Church. 
10:00 am - Lutheran communion Service with Pastor Huber, 

followed by refreshments and Bible Study on "Galatians." Univ. 
Lutheran Ch~ch. 

10:30 am - Catholic Mass, University Lutheran Church. 
12 noon - Episcopal Eucharists, University Lutheran Church. 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mass, University Lutheran Church. 

ENTERTAINMENT 

SUNDAY THROUGH THURSDAY 
8 :30 . 11:00 pm - WHY NOT HERE? Revelle's own coffee 

house. Sunday and Thursday are V.G.'s nights. Wednesday is Live 
Entertainment night. Every night we offer assorted teas and coffees 
by Pannikan, various fruit juices, bagels with cream cheese and sub 
sandwiches. Revelle South Dining Hall. 
MONDAY 

8 :00 pm - CalPIRG presents the Consumer Action Theater 
Troup in the West Coast hit, "Worlds Apart ... A Musical 
Indictment", about energy, the energy crisis and how it affects our 
lives. 2250 HSS, free. 
TUESDAY 

11 :30 am . 1:00 pm - Third College Commuter Student Get-
together. All Third Communters more that welcome. Get-together 
will be informal and refreshments will be served. Center lor the 
People. " 

5:30 pm - ISSUES OF TH E DAY! Plus discussion of activities 
and ways to Bet to meet the candidates when they pass thru. UCSD 
Demo. and Progrelllives. Walk's Pub, near the rear door. 

6 :30 pm - Croll! country ski film festival. "Skinny Skiis" and 
others. Sponsored by Ouring Club. Rec. Gym Conf. Room. 
SUNDAY 

8:00 pm - G<»pel Choir directed by Joseph Slade, at the 
Mandeville Auditorium. Free. . . 

7 



8 The Dally Guardian 

The ()uily Gual'dian 

ISportsj 

G ...... "..,. K_K ...... 
Steve ~ UCSD Water Polo play .... chaRI the ball in Saturday', 13-12 aqueaker over UCR 

Surie,r • . Finish 10-4 
Biased Judge Doesn't Matter 
By DaYid Goetz 

Staff Writ.-
The Triton aurf team 

concluded its fall leason 
Smday with a 10-4 overaU 
record, finilhing fourth among 
all the c:oast teams. 

In Saturday', meet against 
CSULB and rival Golden 
Welt College. the home 
advantage was apparent. 'The 
meet, held at Huntington 
Beach, showed final scores of: 
ewc 70. UCSD SO.5, and 

. CSULB 46.5. 
The UCSD team was 

apparently the victim of biillled 
judging. ewc could not 
supply enough impartial 
judges, 10 their coach Raul 
Duarte became one. Duarte 
was reported to have 'not seen 
some surfer's ride,. leaving 
some surfers without any 
score. In one heat alone, he did 
not see eight waves. When he 
did score the rides . his scores 
were favorable for his team 
and harsh on the other 
schools. UCSD coach Mike 
Shand stated that his squad 
would not have beaten GWC, 
anyway, because Duarte's 
team had more talent. 
- Despite the well formed 
waves of 3·4 feet. UCSD only 
placed first in two of the eight 
heats. These achievements 
were attributed to BaJy Stern 
and Craig Scheiber. For the 
only time during the entire 
season, Billy Lerner did not 
capture a first place in his 
kneeboarding division. 

Sund a y th e Triton s 
redeemed the mselves by 
defeating Saddleback College 
68·49. Good surf prevailed at 
Black's Beach that day to help 
UCSD over their competition . 

Rich Denholm displayed 
exceptiona lly fine surfing to 

EXPERIENCED 
WORD 

PROCESSOR 

Available to type 
and typeset your 

dissertaion/ thesis. 

Save $$$ on your 
typesett ing-

[~9~~97;J 
ask for AuJrey 

win his heat. beating out 
Saddleback's top surfer. 

Coach Mike Shand ,aid 
that "We have a strong team, 
with depth." That ill, he can 
use approximatdy the top 
twenty members against any 
competition. and still have a 
good chance to win. Shand 
sayll that mOat schools only 
have four or five top surfers. 

which means if any of them 
cannot make it. the team will 
suffer. 

UCSD's Chris Farmer was 
disappointed with this year's 
season, saying that the team 
has never lost four meets. The 
surf team will practice 
throughout the winter to be 
ready for next year ' s 
competition . 

Netter~ in Playoffs 
The women volleyball 

players won't be going home 
for Thanksgiving this 
weekend , but they have 
somewhere better to go. 

Last night they learned that 
they are bound for the AlA W 
regional playoffs. The team 
will travel to Sacramento State 
Thunday morning for the 
tournament, which begins 
Friday. 

The Tritons are seeded 
seventh 01 the eight teams in 
the playoffs. They will bes:in 

the tournament Friday at noon 
against second-ranked UC 
Davis, who beat UCSD in the 
All-Cal tournament at the 
beginning,pf the season. 

All the teams in the playoffs 
are California teams. and most 
of them are from the Southern 
California area. 

The win n e r 0 1 the 
tournament advances to the 
national finals . The 
tournament is a double 
elimination contest. Every 
match is a best of five series. 

UCLA MIl( 
AA admissions representative from the 

UCLA Graduate School of Management 
will be ~n cam~s 

Wednesday, Nov 21,1979 
to discuss with Interested students from all majors. 

graduate management education opportunities in 
the UCLA two year MBA program. 

For sign-ups and additional information. contact: 
Career PlaMlng • Placement 

Student Center. Bldg B 
br write: MBA Admissions. Graduate School of 
-tv'lUnagement. UCLA Los Angeles. CA 90024-

Monday. November 19. 1979 

Fireworks Mark End 
Of Water Polo Year 

VCR Coach: 'Don't Come Back' 
By Jon Goetz 
Sporta Editor 

The water polo team has never been one to quietly -end a 
season. . 

This weekend they captured their fourth straight UC Riverside 
Tournament championship by edging a fired up Riverside squad 
13·12 in the finals on Saturday. Three UCSD players were 
kicked out 01 the game before the third quarter ended. Their 
coach was ejected from the deck when he told the officials to give 
up officiating for the good of the game. And the Riverside coach 
told the Tritons that they were poor sports and would never be 
invited back to their tournament a~ain . 

" It was a circus atmosphere: said UCSD coach Russ 
Hafferkamp. "There were a lot 01 people there .. . Both teams 
were riding an emotional high .. . The officiating was horrendous 
- amazing bad. It set back water polo 10 years. 

And if he hadn't already announced that this was to be his last 
season, it might have been enough to make Hafferkamp_ quit. 
This was the way he wanted to finish his three year stint at UCSD 

. - with a game he will likely never forget. 
The beginning of the game was close, but then Riverside 

jumped out to a 7·4 lead. Kai Loedel was ejected from the game 
after three personal fouls in the second quarter. Then Jeff Elliott 
was ejected for talking back to the referee. Then Steve Marks 
got in a fight with a Riverside player and both athletes were 
ejected. Then Hafferkamp was ejected for his commenll to the 
official. • 

By that point, Hafferkamp was "tempted to pull the team out 
of the water." But they stayed in, tied the score, took the lead. 
and eventually won by a .goal . Then they just "took the trophy 
and wanted to.get the hell out of there," according to coach. 

That was the only game of the tournament when the "off the 
wall calls" really bothered them. according to Dan Crane. In the 
qualifying games, they beat Loyola 28·5, San Diego State 26·9. 
and beat Cal State Los Angeles 14·5. Everyone seemed to be 
scoring in those ({ames. Dan Eby scored five altainst LOy'ola and 
against SDSU; Loedel and Ed Prolumo both had five goal 
games, and Bob Conlin and Dan Crane scored four in at least 
one game. 

This is likely to be the last season for a few years that will end 
with fireworks, however. Crane expects a heavy turnout of 
players next year with the coac~ing change. The core of the 
team, Crane, Eby and Loedel, may not be playing next year. 

Pleas/! lurn Itl !>aRe 12 

T umoul for Baseball 
50% Higher This Year 

By Tim Liotta 
Staff Writer 

Athletics is really growing 
at UCSD. The soccer team 
has had its _biggest turnout. 
Intramurals ha ve grown 
beyond anyone 's expecta -
tions, expanding every field 
UCSD has to offer. But the 
'sport with the biggest increase 
in participation, (50 percent in 
the last year) is baseball. 

Even though ba:seball is a 
spring sport , some 50 athletes 
turned out to play in the team's 
fall schedule. This has really 
sparked some enthusiasm -
in UCSD's baseball coach 
Vince Askey. 

"This will be the stronges t 
team I've seen here a t UCSD," 
says Askey proudly. 

A strong program here a t 
UCSD seems to be a difficult 
task with the a bsence o f 
schola rships and recruiting. 
Most of the other schools on 

Writers. 
English-Journalism 
Majors, or anyone with 
creaHve wrttlng ablllty-

A Son Diego publication 
Is looking for writers who 
are innovative and 
clever. Flexible schedule. 

Send name. address. 
and phone to: 
NaHonal Pen Corp 
Son Diego. CA 92181 
Attn: Dept 220 

.... 

UCSD ' s schedule ' enjoy 
scholarship athletes . But 
Vince Askey wpuldn't have 
the baseball program any 
other way. 

"Without scholarships this 
school attracts a different type 
of athlete than a school with 
scholarships," says Coach 
Askey, "we get players who 
just love playing ball." 

Even without the scholar-
ships, UCSD has some fine 
athletes forming a nucleus lor 
this year's baseball team. 
Mark Sharp, Jim Moffitt, Pat 
M c Govern and Brett 
Sandstrom, all returning 
veterans , give the team a 
seasoned group around which 
Askey will build the reJi t of his 
ballclub. 

Sha rp will be starting 
shortstop this season. He is a n 
ideal s tudent a thlete a nd 
highly touted a mong various 

P/I!(Jst! lu rn 10 />alJe !;/ 

AnENTION 
DMRS: 

UCSD's Intercollegiate 
SUlimming and Diving Team 
needs experienced divers. 

There u·iIl be a team meeting 
an Monday , Nooember 19. at 
l :OO pm at the UCSD Pool. 

If you wnnol acwnd. call Bill 
Morgan at :173' 75 1:J fIT 4.P · 
4 :1 1 1 and leaw a mcs.t ll,l( .... 

Monday, November 19,1179 rta. Daily GuudiaD 9 

Racguetball 

SDSU Beats Tritons 9-1; UCSD Now 2-2 

",,----,,-
Mark c-dd. UCSO rKqUetballer. again .. SDSU 

Baseball Prospects 
(",Hlrinul'c/ {rum t>ollt" H 
scouts who have shown 
interest in him. He ia a hard 
worker. adopting the 
phiIoaophy of "you get out 
what you put in". 

"I can't say ~ about 
Mark," beams Coadi Askey. 
"he's dedicated, one of the 
hardest workers and lIels a 
great example for the 
rookies." -

Sharp started his career at 
UCSD at second base but 
moved to .ahortatop last year. 
This year, nobody even 
challenged him for the spot. 
even though five or six usually 
try out. He wiD playa vital role 
in the club's game plan but his 
is only one of the four team 
leaden. 

~'11lere are more captains 
on lhia team than any other 
rear." adds Askey, "they lead 
by example, never letting 
down for a moment." 

An important member 01 

any baseball team is the 
catcher. He signala the play 
and controls the tempo of the 
game. UCSD ~ never been 
stronger behind the plate than 
now, with Jim Moffitt in the 
position. 

Moffitt is an example of the 
hard working player Aikey 
seeks. He was cut from the 
team his firllll year here but 
didn't get discouraged. H~ was 
an infielder that year but when 
he came out the second year 
he was a catcher. He spent 
many hours of hard work 
learning the finer point» of the 
position working out four limes 

. a week for the entire summer. 
11le final two "captains" are 

Brett Sandstrom, the 
cenlerfielder. and Pat 
McGovern, the fint baaeman. 

Sandstrom IOlidifies the 
Triton', outfield. corDing off a 
IIrong Iea.IOI1 last year during 
which he balled .331 and won 

""'ow /um '" ""Ill! 12 

FINAL ASPEN MEETING 
TONI8HI1 

lee ConI. Room 6 pm 
New club T-shIIIs 

tor sale 
Ius Schedules given out 

J_ RiPy Slight 
UCSD's racquetball club 

Willi soundly defeated by San 
Diego State 9 -1 last Saturday. 
moving the club's record to 2-
2 this season. . 

"Actually the contest was a 
lot cJo.er than the score would 
indicate. About 'half the 
matches had to go down to the 
decisive third game." said 
c;:aptain Jim Anderson. 

"We wer-e also missing our 
ownber one seeded men', 
player Kenny Kaihlanen. 
Kenny Kaihlanen is a 
profeilional racquetball 
player from Texas. and was 
competing in a professional 
meet in Tempe. Arizona thill 
weekend." added Anderson. 

The racquetball club has 

one game left on the season. 
against USD. This will set up a 
rematch of a UCSD win two 
week, ago. "It was the moat 
exciting and suspenseful 
match this season." said 
Anderson. "The meet went 
down to the last match. Wdh 
the SCOle 6-5 Tracy lane and 
Kenny Kaihlanen defeated 
Harvey Berger and Kevin 
Kinnary of USD 21-4." 1be 
win gave UCSD the match 7-
5. 

La .. spring the racquetbal 
club was part of the Recreation 
Club lIystem_ Since the 
racquetball club began to play 
other schools. however. they 
were no longer eligible to 
participate in the Recreation 
program so they obtained club 

status through the intercolle-
giate office. 

1be team draws its players 
from the club ladder. Players 
who advance up to the top six 
men's rungs and the first two 
women', rungs play in the 
weekly matches. ChaIIente 
matches take place during tf.e w_ and at the Thunday club 
night at the Black Mountain 
Racquetball Court on 
Miramar Road. 

1be winter season d aIart 
on Feb. 10. Pl. Lama will join 
SOSU, USD. Palomar and 
UCSD in their established 
league. USC has expressed 
interest in starting another 
league in the LA area with 
hopes of havi"l some type of 
play-off in the future. 

Women Swiinmers. Blasted at 
All-Cal, But. Show Improvement 

By Jon Goetz 
Sports Editor 

UCSD made little impact on 
the women's swimming AU-
Cal in the natatorium 
Saturday. but they 6nished 
with what they really wanted -
a win over Riverside and some 
progress on their times. 

Berkeley dominated tht: 
meet with their 185-point firlll-
place finish. Santa Barbara 
finished 90 painll behind 
them, fo8owed closely by 
Irvine in third with 73 and 
Davis in fourth a 71 points. 
San Diego picked up most of 
their 24 points on the relay 
events. River.ooe finished last 
of the six schools with 15 
points. 

Olympic medalist Jennifer 
.Chandler. competing for 
Irvine, easily won the one 
meter divi"l contest. UCSD 
freshman Lucia Briggs placed 
fourth to Chandler, even 
though ,he competed with a 
broken toe_ 

Some of the othef UCSD 
freshmen turned in some 
improving scores in their first 
reaDy competitive interco8e-
giate meet_ Lawa CaUup, who 
swam on the men's varUity 
team at Escondido High, 

turned in a 1: 17 time in the 
100 breaslIItroke. Ame While 
swam a 1:14.8 100 
backstroke and a 34.0 SO 
back. 

Natalie Pierce. who already 
qualified for the AlA W 
national meet with her 2:05.4 
200 free time in the last 
weekend's intersquad match. 
swam a 2:05.8 Saturday. She 
missed qualifyi"l for a second 
event, the 500 &ee, by only six 
seconds, with a 5:38 clocking. 

Sandy Grooli, who. 
unoffically broke the 
qualifying standard for the 
100 butterfly in practice last 
week with a 1:04 swim, came 
in at 1 :07 at the meet. 

Some of the veteran team 
members are closing in on 

Good Student Discount 
'Forelgn Students 
Out-of-state Licenses 
No One Refused 

ONE STOP SHOPPING WITH OVER 
25 MAJOR COMPANIES 

CSE lNa._... ...... _ 
INSURANCE 

CAll ANYTIME 

[293-3763\ 
• 1111. 

STUDENTS 
Married or Single 

Ages 18 and Over. 
Driver Training Credit 

Credit for Prior 
Insurance on 

Parents Policies 

2423 CAMINO DEL RIO SOUTH s.u . 
SUITE 112 1-8 AT TEW STREET 

national standards allO, giving 
the team a lense of excitement 
as the season progresses. Thi' 
season they're working out 
longer and harder than in the 
past, and now the liwimmerli 
feel that ttM:.Y they can be 
competitive in their new league 
and in the nationals. 

The new attitude "has 
changed the team from laying 
back and getting a tan at 
meets to being serious" about 
their times. 118yll team captain 
Sue Zneimer. 

"1be attitude has always 
been 'I hate workoub'. (This 
year) the freshmen are of a 
higher caliber. and the 
returnees are up for nationals. 
We're willing to work harder," 
said Zneirner. 

SlaapeVp--~ 
Witla a Friend 
SPECIAL 
INTRODUCTORY 
OFFER-----..J 

Tracy. Ihe newest addition 10 
our gTowing staf{. offers two 
precision s,,1e cuts {or the 
price 0 { one! 

Call toda, 10 make an 
appointment {or '101mel{ and 
a friend! 

Huntridge---, 
Hairstyles 
l..ocated in ,he 
Summer HOIt$e Inn 
(II La Jolla hores 
-ju.u minutes from campw! 



10 The Daily OuardiaD Mo~day, November 19, 1979 

What are the PenetratoTs Doing at the Catamaran? 
'New Wave' Flows into the MainstreaDl 

By Barry Allan., 
Ccantributina Editor 

There'. 800d new. for t6e culturally.minded -
New Wave rock and roll has been made safe enough 
for mau conaumption. Though skillful application of 
various homogenatint and .teriizing elements, what 
was once called "Punk" (it aImoat aounds unclean in 
the mouth, doesn't it?) has become tood 01' harmleu 
Power Pop, tame enough to be played over radio 
IIations and, yes, even 10 be perfonned before the 
tasteful folk who patronize cocktail lounges like the 
one at the Catamaran Hotel. I was tJ.e Ia.t 
Thunday nigM, ., I know - more or lea. live new 
wave music was imported into the Catamaran and 
put on cilplay, and the de-fanged, de-dawed beast 
didn't even .... into a .... fashionable face. 

other local media heavies contentedly sipped their 
srauhoppera and black russians in the Polynesian 
Room, soakm, up the .wanknen, hanging out and 
Lookin~ Good. 

in place before their &ense. returned. If they want 
more work at this dub in the future , the Penetrators 
should probably instruct their fans that such 
behavior is considered excessive and may provoke 
the Catamaran security personnel to rash actions 
(dancing in pairs would probably lead to a bullet 
through two unthinking temples). . 

JUil to make IUI'e no mayhem broke out (New 
Wave sho .. , after all, attract people who wear 
leather jackets and funny buttoit. and act crazy), the 
thouPtfui Catamaran management had armed 
8Uard~ poeted at the Iounse entrance, p1u» 
nonuruformed loon. (but mellow 8OOn., if you 
please) Iookinr outside for anarchists and Sid Vicioua 
disciples. I auume all heathens were · kept from 

·breaching the defenses, because Jim Mcinnes and 

. for the crowd'. dining and dancing pleasure, a 
funny.lookiOl trio of leather·modeIIing musicians 
named fashion appeared on stage, bringing to the 
Catamaran the almost terminaly modern sounds that 
aU of ua wat be twitchiog to in reconverted post· 
atomic di»cos in the comiOl millenia. Led by an 
androgynous mannequin on guitar with support from 
an elf into bondage on ban, fashion not 110 much 
performed as demonstrated how their songs go, 
~atinr '>?1thesizer keyboards and shifting tempos 
to illustrate ]uat how clever modern music can be. It 
Will lirat·rate arts.and.crahs.rock, a great opening 
ad for a horne ihow. Jut plug it in and away it goes. 

KGB'. own Jim Melnnes, sporting black leather 
(.urprised he was allowed in) gave a cheer· the· home· 
team intro to the Penetrators, the Catamaran's 
favorite New Wave exhibit. This band is vigorous 
and at times impassioned, and its music has been 
known to cause the temporary mania called dancing 
to break out even in the lianest crowd •. A few parties 
afflicted with this lunacy actually stood and wriggled 

fashion had been a bit exotic and the Penetrators 
carne dangerously dose to inciting a riot, but 20/20 
• uited the evening's intended tone just fine. 20/20 are 
four fresh·faced, well·dressed young guy. who 
perform streamlined, u!'threa~eni"8 neo·bubbiegum, 
Innocent teenage musIc for ]8ded adult audiences 
who think pretending it's 1965 all over again is rock 
and rod progress. In fact, if the Knack, the Beat the 
Record., the Pop, the A's, the Rubinoos, the S~rts, 
the Smceros, the Yacht., the Shoes, the Shirt. and 
the Long Thermal Underwear disappeared 
tomorrow, 20/20 would be the future of rock music ~~~ . . 

I didn't stick around for the much·advertised 
"backstage party," where the aUendeeli could meet 
roc.k's you~g I~ading lights a~~ be in ~ the Next Big 
Thmg. I didn t feel like sphtbng shnmp and olive 
snacks with a bisexual mannequin. Maybe next time 
- when Johnny RoUen takes to the piano bar. 

'1'hNe c..n.atians,' paintiIip by L.-lie ~, are an eli..,., in the MandeYiUe Annex Gallery 
Around Town 

An exhibit of paintings by UCSD Visual Arts 
Faduate atudent Leslie Nernour will continue 
~rouBh Wednesday, Nov. 12, in the 
Mandeville Annex Gallery, B·118. 

.. .. .. 

Poet and author &raba,a Barracks will read 
from her work today at noon in Mandeville 
106. Free to the public. 

.. .. .. 

The Mec:lal of Honor ~, a play about a Viet 
Nam veteran try .. to mab a comeback when 
he returns home, wi. be ~= Nov. 18, 
19, and 20, in the Campu. 
Cafeteria, 409 Matthew. Campus. Written by 
Tom Cole and directed by Walter 1... Schoen. 
Free 10 the public. Sponsored by the Southern 
California Black Repertory Theater and the 
Committee for WOI'Id Democracy. Call 452· 
4574 for more information. 

.. .. . 

Two intereaq concerts are coming up as 
part of the Wednesday Night. at the 
Mandeville series. • 

SONOR, UCSO's contemporary mu.ic 

ensemble, directed by Bernard Rands, will 
present a program of new music Wedneliday 
April 23. _ ' 

"At UCSD, there is a chamber ensemble of 
faculty members called SONOR whose 
performers use 'normal' instruments with such 
IkiII that no abstruse performance seems 
beyond their grasps" One . critic has written. 
Since . their foundiOl in 1976, the group has. 
established an enthuaiutic following for music 
of our time. 

One Wednead~'y, April 2, The New Y6,k 
String Quartet will perform. The Quartet has · 
earned ita reputation for performing and 
recording standard string quartet repetoire as 
well as new . works with a unit that reveals the 
same heartbeat and eyeli2ht. The Quartet is in 
residence at UC Irvine for the second year. 
Their proJfam will include quartets by Webem 
and Beethoven. 

Tickets for the concerts are $4.50 for 
general adminion, $2.50 for senior citizens, 
and $1.50 for students. Both concert. begin at 
8 pm in the Mandeville Auditorium. Dial 452· 
3229 for more information. 

-

T om Petty a Victim 
Of His Reputation 

By T eel Burke . 
Art. Editor 

Damn The Torpedos - Tom 
Petty and the Heartbreakers 
(Backstreet/MCA) 

Tom Petty has had 
problems with his image 
from the start. A thoroughly 
enjoyable and likable 
mainstream rock and roUer in 
my book, Petty and the 
Heartbreakers firat emerged 
on the scence with the sudden 

~ut of arty New Yo~ New 
Wave band. like Television, 
Talking Heads and The 
Ramonea, and was mistakenly 
catagorized as being a punk 
outfit. After some exposure to 
his first record made it obvious 
that the Heartbreakers had 
little to do with the aesthetics of 
American punk posey 
(American new wave, like it or 
not, is loaded with semi· tough 
intellectual. wJv:» comprom,ise 
a new senerabon of native 
"art.rockers," a dread thought 
to many who think beins dUll1b 
eomehow plac:ea you in a state 
of grace and frees you frOll\ 
good mannen, healthy diets, 
and other conventions of 
everyday life: the d8llical 
artists' conceit), one too many 
critics made note of the 
similarity between Pelty'l 

NYaI.bra~voiceand~t 
01 old Byrd. helmsman ROIer 
McGuinn, and concluded that 
the Heartbreakers were a 
band stuck in emulating the 
eoP-rock shlick of the GO.. 
Petty, thankfuDy, is a feisty 
counter.puncher with enough 
Sood sense to ignore what 

othera, presumably in the ' 
know, want him to be. Damn 
The T orpedos, his new record, 
clears the ground, and ahould 
at once establish that Tom 
Petty and the Heartbreakers 
are their own men who play 
their own kind of rock and roU . 
in a way that's all too rare: 
straight ahead, with conviction 
and feeling, without 
affectation or cheat· thumping 
baloney. 

At the risk of sounding as 
though I'm over.reaching for a 
comparison, I consider Petty 
to be the doseit thing to a 
Graham PiU'ker that America 
has. Like Parker, Petty's 
lyrical persona is of someone 
who', overWhelmed by the 
vicis.itude. of everyday life 
who, through a visage of 

. someone scratching his head 
in a litate of aOler, confu»ion" 
and frulltration, achieves a 
kind of calculated artleuneal 
in hil expression. There is little 
in Petty'. words one would 
conlider the equal · of some of 
rock's better wordsmiths: 
nothm, on the par with the 

Zen·~ke ambiguities of Steely 
Dan, the colloquialized 
IU1'I"e8Iiam of the late LoweI 
George, the compounded 
paradoxes of Elvis Costello, or 
the sublimely etched ironies of 
Randy Newman. Rather, 
Petty'. main lyrical strength is 
his directness. Like Parker, 
Bob Seger (when he's not 
being morose) or Garland 
Jefferies, Petty demon»trates 
that he can cut to the bone of 

Please tum '" fKJ/lt' '2 

NEED CREDIT? SEND FOR THE CREDIT GAME 
• Too young 11) borrow1 
• New in ~'no ,..., .. _1 
• Er_ bid debt rec:ordI 
• Skip bill. without ruining endit 
• R." 1_ whhln .... of bIglMlng this pt'CII"'" 
• I nformttlon on updetld endlt 11M IIICI IegillMIon 
• Y_ rlfltI under the Fldirll (:NdIt Acts 

SOLVE ALL . 
THESE 

CREDIT 
PROBLEMS 

... 

THE CREDIT GAME 

.... CIIIIII. W AU. STIlEI' PUB _ITH AYE. 

....., ONIrto USHING CO. =.~=, NY 1GOt. 

"Tired of being without cl'ldit, or up to your neck in 
'minimum payments'? With this book you will ..", how 
to INk. the S300 billion credit industry jump at your 
corntnend." . 
r----------6N~.Ji---------
I IN.Y .................... T.I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
Enaloeld 111 ______________ for ____ ..... MMw __________________ __ 

~-~-----------------------~ aty _________ ..... _______ Zip ___ _ 
Allow 3 WIIk. for .. "",. 

Monday, November 19, 1979 

Classifieds 
" 

PERSONAls 
Earn 4· 16l.f'1~s with an internship from 
CASINO. Over 500 choices -

pol~icl.n.. education. health. law. 
consumer and more. Pick up 
applicallon at CASINO In AS office at 
Student Center. Deadline is NOV. 19. 
(11 ,19) 
ABORTION IS A CRIME THAT KillS 
not only the child but the consciences 
of all Involved • Mother Teresa • 
(11/30) 

SLAVEHOLDERS protestad "Don't 
impose your morals on u." Now 
abortionist. chant the same refrain. 
(11/30) 
FREE PREGNANCY TESTING. AND 
COUNSELING MEDICAL AND 
FINANCIAL AID. REFERRALS 24 hrs. 
AT 583-54~. (11/30) 
Nell Drucker: I am wailing In 
uncontrollable antiCipation for Sal. 
nlte. Yours panflngly X)()()()()()(xx. 
(11/19) 

THIRD COLLEGE COMMUTERS: 
corne 10 a commuter student get. 
together at CFTP Third Tues Nov. 20. 
11 :30 am· 1:00 pm. (11/19) 

DARK STAR Is making an SF short. 
Yoor help is needed; come to our 
meeting tomorrow@ 7 pm. Int. lounge. 
(11/19) 

Roses are red. but IIlat's just Inane. if 
you rally like someone. send them a 
candy cane. 11/26-30.(11119) 

RICHARD - You have the key to my 
room. but how about the key to my 
hean? 33 not 31. (11119) 

To well endowed Sharon Y. : After last 
night my pud is your pud!! Love. you 
know who. (11 .19) 
Sharon Y.: My f.vor~e is HOT Cherry 
Bend·Over. Cen you dellver?l? the 
Playful People. (11/19) 

Sharon Y.: Remember the word! Help 
spread U signed. Steepy. Dopey & 
Bashful. (11119) 

Sharon Y.: Our puds are your·s. 10 
have and to hold. signed. The guys al 
Playmor. (11/19) 

K.A.H. Happy Turkey Weald! I LUV 
YOU. D.W.P. (11/19) 
Four equare. dodge bell. pin-Ille-tail· 
on-m.tlKkey, lurkev .hOl. pie eating! 
AeYetIe Turkev Tuesday" (11/19) 
Ally othaI' guy. here who can Identify 
with this? I'm a nice-looking guy with 
light hair and blue eyes. Intelligent, like 
the ootdoora. .wlnmer. Many other 
Interest. I'd like to lind another 
ma.culine bi guy who hal his head 
together· & II allO dealing wiII1 111_ 
I .. llngl. I know lIlere are OIher guys 
here who leel the way I do. and would 
like lomeone around who 
understands. JoM. Box 1571 .. San 
Diego. 92115. (11/20) 

All turkeys flock together for Revelle 
turkey Tuesday! That meana you Id. 
Cotleen and Peter!'! (11 / 19) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
AFS'ers of UCSD un He! Ail AFS 
students wentlng to organize for 
varied activitie. call Pat "53-
"638.(1 I 120) 
Attention all AFS'ers: Are you 
interested In becoming aclive again? 
Call PII at 453-4838. (11/20) 

ABOR1:IONISTS hired to kill with your 
reg fees? Yea! Angry? Object? Join 
the resistors! How? 454-1962 (11/30) 

CASINO Is the Community I Assocla· 
ted Students Internship Officel Drop 
by our office at the Student Center and 
ask about a winter quaner Internshipl 
Deadline Is Nov. 19 (11119) 

WE NEED EDITORS for the UCSD 
Journal of Undergraduate Research. 
Call Chris. x 3917. (11/21) 

WANTED:. Applicants for AS 
Commissioner of Programming 
Responsible for planning and 
organizing campus-wide events with 
the help of programming comml .. lon. 
AlIO. serve on IIle AS Council. 
Interelted? Exper i enced In 
programming? Call Brad at 452-.... 50 
or come into the AS office and sign 
up,(11 120) 

SKI TEAM MEETING: TUES. NOV.20) 
6 pm HL 1148. We'lI talk about lower 
Insurance costs. BRING YOUR 
MONEY. (11/20) 

HEY BERHING BOYS!!!! We've had 
enoughl Now it's time for warll! 
PFD (11119) 

$2.00 OFF YOUR FEES! CalPIRG 
endorsed abort i on! OBJECT? 
DEDUCT $2 HAND in your GREEN 
card. SAVE $2.00 (11/30) 

Revelle's stocked with fish. Fish shirts 
Mon. Nov. 19 and Tues. Nov. 20. 
(11/20) 

Having Irouble catching fish? 2 .. hour 
lleh service for Fish Shirts call 455-
5765, (11/20) 

ATTENTIONS REVELLE STUDENTS: 
Applications fort'le following poehlona 
are now avallabie: 
1) REVELLE COLLEGE COUNCIL 
FRESHMAN APPOINTMENT 
2) ALUMNI ADVISORY REPRE· 
SENTATIVE 
3) Lobby AlInex Commi11 .. 
4) Recreation Facility Comml11ee 
5) EOP Advilory Rep. 
6) Heanh Advisory Commi11ee Rep. 
7) PIAl· Programming Comml11ee 
8) AS CommlUioner of Programming 
9) Ravels Graduation Commi11ee 
APPlY NOW AT THE REVELLE 
PROVOST OFFICE. X·3490. GET 
INvOlVED" (11/20) 

ADULt, FREE, and 
as yet UNCENSORED 
presenting 
The Consumer AcHon Theatre Troupe 

In -----------. / ".::---
WORLDS APART ••• 
a musical indictment 

The Daily Guardian 

Come '" ''Sklnny Skll." and find out 
about x-country skiing - ~ 's wild! 
Tues 6:30 pm Rec. Gym Conf. Rm. 
(11/19) 

kousiNG 
FEMALE ROOMMATE LA COSTA 
CONDO OWN ROOM PATIO VIEW 
JACUZZI $150942· 1257. (11130) 

FEMALE . NON· SMOKER for Gen. 
Highlands condo. Own room $135 
avai. Dec. 9. Partly furnished. 453· 
4186. (11/19) 

Del Mar room single or shared $1 .. 2-
160 30 yds from beach available nowll 
Marc or Duncan 755·3752, (11/20) 

Available in December room for male 
to share 4-bedroom country living 20 
mins from campus. '!4 mile from beach. 
$175/mo. OCBanside. 722·7939. 
(11/30) 
Mammoth Chalet for Rant • 4 
bedroom . 2 bath . sleeps 10. 
completely furnished. all wood. big 
fireplace. 3 blocks from 11ft 7 & 8. 
Available 'or weekend. weekly or 
monthly rental. Rates for Weekend 
$100/night . weekly S65/nlght. 
monthly $65 /mooht. 50,. non· 
refndable depoe~ to reserve. Plan now 
lor Mammoth. CIII Doug (714) 540-
5222 or (714) 770-0571. (11/27) 
For rent 1 bedroom in a 5 bedroom 
house Located in SW $157 plus atae. 
pool. yard. garage. fruit trees. washer. 
dryer. fireplace. 7 blocks to beach. Ph: 
486·6768 ask for Sherrie or Sharon. 
(11120) 

Roommate Jan. 5 own bedroom In a 3 
bedroom 1 Y:z bath. Near UCSD 5141 
mo. plus utilities non·smoker. 453-
4501 . (11121) 

Roommate needed to sh.re large 
wood·paneled room. Large houaa 
with pool & garden. Bike distance from 
UCSD. available lor Winter & Spring 
quartars. $114. Cell anytime "53-
2925 (1 I 128) 

Need housemate in Del Mar near 
beach. Dwn room avaiUmmed and 
indel. $1 .. 8 ph. 481·1353 Dean. Dave. 
or Adrian. (11/27) 

WANTEd 
DESPERA TEL Y NEEDED: 4 tickela to 
The Dead on Friday wlllirade 4 'or Sat 
and money if baiter . .. 88· 1634 (11/19) 

Divorced persons needed lor 
psychology lIucly here II UCSO. For 
Into call Scott 452·3916. 270·0351 
eve. (11/21) 

HOMEWORKERS earn $5O.00/hun· 
dred securing. stuffing envMoped. Free 
Details. Reply: L , .. W. Box 904485 
Schaumberg. II 601904. (11121) 
Housesil1ing job or Apt Ihouse to rent 
lor month 01 Dec. ..53-3804 • Mal. 
(11/19) 

WANTED : "pplicants for AS 
Commissioner 0' Programming. 
Responsible for planning and 
organizing campus wide events with 
the help 01 programming commieslon. 
Also. serve on the AS Council. 
interested? Exper i enced In 
programming? Call Brad at 452· .... 50 
or come into the AS oIIice and sign up. 
(11 / 20) 

fOR SAlE 
'75 SAAB 991E. 3·door wagon back, 
white . stereo· casselte player . 
Michelin radials . fuel injection. 
standard Irans .• excellent condition. 
Moving to Europe muat eatl. $2400 or 
beat offer. Evening. 48t-5298. 
Serena. (1 1.21 ) 
ABORTIONISTS HIRED TO KILL 
WITH YOUR REG FEES? ANGRY? 
OBJECT? JOIN THE RESISTORS! 
HOW? 454-1962. (11/30) 

Half fare coupons Un.ed AirUnea 
$35.00 "Phone 277-0528 evenings 
only. (11/21) 

2 Y:z FARE AMERICAN AIRLINES 
COUPONS. Round lrlp anywhere 
before Dec. 15, $30 ea/beat oller. 
454-4481 & 456-0910. (11/20) 

35mm camera for llle. Minolta SAT 
201 + 55 mm lens $150. 70-210 mm 
zoom lena $150. All like newl 455-
7158. (11/21) 
For sale: American Airlines 5~ off 
coupon: Make offer Cell Neal .. 53-
6902. (11/19) 

For sale: Two tickets to Earth. Wind. 
and Fire (Nov 21). 455- t 716. evea. 
(11120) 

'74 Capri good condo 2 spd. AMFM 8 
track "500 new tires! Dave II "52· 
7093 or 452·0432. (11/22) 
4 piece dinette 881 brand new. Great 
for student's apts. $1 75 or belt offer. 
Dave 452· 7093 or 452·0432. (11/22) 

'68 Plymouth Valient . Good 
trlnsportatlon. $300 or belt offer. Cell 
Dave: 755-2738. (11/19) 

1978 Toyota Cellca ST. Immaculata 
condition. Air. AM/FM. 5·apeed. Low 
miles $6100 942·0752. (11/21) 

2 Earth. Wind. & Fire tickets lor Nov. 21 
at Sport. Arena. Choice 18 .... 452-
0584 after 5:30. (11/20) • 

Two Un~ed Alrlinea iii lare coupons 
$25 each. Don 225-2391 or 273-2028 
(eve.). (11121) 

Get your oIlahll fI.h shirts at Revelle 
Plaza. Mon. Nov. 19 and Tues. Nov. 20. 
(11/20) 

Capri '73 V8 2600 sunroof AM·FM 
c .... $2200 Lynn 253-1262. (11/20) 

Two American Airlines Discount 
Coo pons $45 each. Call Peter II 453-
6417. K .. p Irylng till midnight. (11 .21) 

UCSDhaB a 
DENTAL GROUP 

at the 
Student Health Center 

with 
Student Rates 

• EXAMINATIONS 
• DENTAL WORK 
• HYGIENISTS 

are available for 
clean ing teeth 

MONDAY thru FRIDAY 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

phone: 452·2080 

W(] can do spouses, too! 

How long has it been since y"ou've 
seen a dentist? 

11 

'72 Landcrulser phenominal condo 
new eng. brakes body & paint. Many 
modificatlona. Stereo CB. Cell 481· 
9529. (11/29) 

CLARINET tor llle: Cell 481 ·8667 a_ 
for Sharon. (11/20) 

SERVicES 
GRANT WRITING WORKSHOPS· 
Nov. 20 Ind 26 lor SCURI student 

re~arch grants. Cell SCURI. x 391 7 . 
(11121) 
f'l'ol_ional IBM typing • symbol 
capability . maltT. acl. !\Jsh jobI on 
campua tor pickup/dellvery. Miry 
586-9894. (11/19.28.30) 

. Dot', Home typing all typI I .... 
rellabie. relsonable. dlya and _ 
279-.. 244. (M IF 11/30) 
JENNY'S HOME TYPING • Term 
papara. \Il8MI. d .... daya and _ 
225·1 .... 9. (11/30) 

Typing: Unlverllty CIty. IBM aalectric. 
F .. t. reliable. Daya 452·42 ..... 18k for 
Jane. Eves 453-4988. (11/20) 

Typing· term paper •• th_. dill IBM 
correcting .Iectrlc. Reasonable, Mrs. 
Olda 455-0217. ( 11/30) 

Typl"': IBM 8llper Ilhea8I/dialer I 
term ..... /editlng. RUSH jobI!453-
0856. 452· 1586. 288-.. 938, 225-1449, 
(fl/15) 

TRAVEl 
CIEE .tudent travet center IocaIed on 
the 2 nd noor of the student center 
open MWf 8·12. TuTh 12·4. (11/30) 

MAZATLAN BASH"! Info .saIon. 
slide show. 1111 minule booklnge and a 
time to meet tho.. going to 
MAZA TLAN with you! When: Monday 
Nov. 19. Time: 8:00 pm. Where: formal 
Loonge II Revelle College. Co_a: 
CIEE Student Travel for more 
information open MWF 8-12. TuTh 12· 
4 or call 452·0630. (11/19) 

I HAVE 2 UNITED DISCOUNT 
COUPONS-GOOD UNTIL DEC 15. 
Only $40 each. call Barbara at 1· 4 .. 9-
8655. (11/19) 

Ride to Haily. Idaho or viCinity. 455-
9396. (11121) 
Give rlda to Scottsdale AZ. Lv Wed 21 
n2 .. or 25. share gas 481 -0009 After 5 
Ron. (11/19) • 

lOSl& fOUNd 
Found • pur. near Revelle PlIZ8 and 
Hl.: Come to Oiacovery 355 and 
Identify. (11121) 

Lost: TlIlItbook American Con8lKu· 
lional Law by Shapiro In HSS 1330 
Oct. 30. Reward call Zephyr 755-
8353. (11121) 

.. ~ .. 
, J t 
. ~ 
DC 
SO 

CA1'IfOUC 
COMMUNITY 

MONDAY,' PM 
Communa l Penance 

Service 
01 Church 

. 

, 

, 

THURSDAY, 9 AM 
Thanksgiving Day Mr \ 

at Church 

Away from home lor 
Thanksgiving? 

Would you like to share a 
Thanksgiving Dinner wi th 

o thers? Call Bernie & Kevin 
453-1155 

, 



12 The Dally Guardian Monday, November 19, 1979 

INS Checking Iranians A Foreign Land 
Continucd from fl([~c 2 science degree, the November 

sunshine - but I had to cut it 
sport. I had to meet some 
friends at the pub for lunch and 
I was already late. 

Continued (,om paflt! I 
the explanation," and "do 
what we could," although he 
would not say such a student 
definitely wiD not be deported. 

Clark is trying to make the 
process easier on the 53 
Iranian itudenls here. 

Someone from the Inter-
national Center wiD be present 
at the courthouse building 
during the scheduled hourli . 

"We think ~me of them are 
a little scared," she said. 
"Wouldn't you be?" She did 
not know of any who might 

Fiery Water Polo 
Continued (rom paR/! R 

Hafferkamp, a national level player tUinself, was able to keep 
players here because of his advanced understanding of the sport. 
"I've got nothing but r~pect for him" said Crane. "He's got an 
awful lot of knowledge. He's a real positive person." Crane, after 
three years on the team, has already put in his application to 
Berkeley. 

Hafferkamp came to UCSD in 1977, and coached his first 
team to a 16·7 record. Last year the team finished at 17-9, and 
in 1979 they won 16 and lost 9, giving Hafferkamp a 49-25 
record at UCSD. 

Hafferkarnp will continue selling aquatics equipment for 
Hind·Wen. corporation. But after years of playing water polo 
for the national team, college leams, and AAU clubs, and 
coaching at UCSB and UCSD, Hafferkamp wants to do 

. something different. 
''1be excitement (in coaching) is there, but it's not 

overwhelming. It's not as rewarding CUI it once was," he said. 
''You've got to take time to get away from the mainstream. It 
opens your eyes to different things." 

Next fall Hafferkamp hopes to take three months off from 
Hind·WeDs and go hitch·hiking,sailing, traveling throughout the 
Far East, or whaleYa' comes up. 

He may take advantage of an opportunity to play and coach 
one of the Australian ,tate teams. He would get a paid airline 
ticket to Australia, a house, a car, and full-time job coaching 
water polo - something he', never had. 

Hafleriuunps departure leaves UCSD without a coach, 
though. Haflerkamp was grooming allistant coa<;h Scott 
Hirunan for the job, but he recently won a full time coaching job 
with the City of Induatry', new AAU women's team. 

Dave Harry, a former UCSD player who has been allisting 
Hafferkamp for the lut two years, could probably have the job if 
he wanted it. Some of the players who made up Hafferkamp's 
College AU·Star team may also get a chance at the job. 

have problems, except the one 
already mentioned. 

"We are going to telephone 
everybody and let them know 
about the time and what they 
are supposed to bring. If 
anyone has any questions or 
thinks they might have 
problems, they should come 
see me," she said. 

Those who cannot be 
present on Nov. 30 may be 
able to arrange an appoint-
ment during the next two 
weeks. . 

O'Keefe said the 1-538 form 
was the key to this special 
registration process. It asks 
the student to identify 
expenses and sources of 
income along with routine 
questions and a confirmation 
of student status by a school 
official. 

O'Keefe said student may 
be asked to provide further 
information subsequent to the 
registration, or the' INS may 
"delve into" any matter they 
think warrants it. 

"This is our highest priority 
right now," he said. 

I learned that she had 
chosen to come to San Diego 
to study because she had a few 
relatives here. (Her three 
brothers are in Iran; her 
parents are dead.) " I might 
have gone to Germany but I 
would have known no one. 
That is something about 
Iranians - we are not used to 
being alone." 

We discussed whether the 
Shah had actually needed to 
c ome to the US and 
speculated , rathe~ hopelessly, 
about . the outcome of the 
current crisis. 

Realizing how painful all 
this was, I asked, with a big 
smile, if she had enjoyed her 
stay in the US so far , expecting 

- wide-eyed accounts of the 
wonders of "America the 
Beautiful." -

She lowered her eyes and, 
after a long pause, replied 
politely, "I like it here . .. 
sometimes. " 

The conversation wandered 
to other things - my perfume, 
the impracticality of a social 

Heartbreakers Superb 
Continued from paR/! 10 
the matter and still have a 
sense of himself as a victim of 
circumstances. 

The Heartbreakers 
themselves are superb, 
highlighting the stingingly 
bittersweet guitarwork of Mike 
Campbell , Benmont Tench's 
piano fi lls, and the rhythm 

section of drummer Stan 
Lynch and bassist Ron Blair to 
good measure. The produc-
tion, by Petty and Jimmy 
Iovine, is clean, uncluttered by 
an excess of overdubs, and 
features the Heartbreakers in 
an atmosphere that comes as 
close to the excitement of their 
live performances as possible. 

Baseball 
Contillued fm m IW~t' 9 
the team's prestigious Golden 
Glove Award. . 

McGovern is the team's 
emotional leader with his 
scrappy brand of "never say 
die" baseball. He adds a bit of 
dugout humor for the club but 
remains deadly serious about 
his baseball. 

The team has put in a lot of 
hours gearing up for a 
schedule which begins in 
February. 

Askey believes the fall 
program gives him "a good 
chance to see each player 
perform." He is the first to 
admit he could never do it by 
himself. He ' has got an 
exceptional group of assistants 
helping put together a- winning 
program. 

Randy Miller, a student this 
quarter who doubles as a 
pitcher for the Montreal 
Expos, John Dickinson, taking 
a year off from med school, 
and David Latucia , who 
graduated from UCSD and is 
waiting to hear results of his 
Bar exams, all help out in 
practice. 

There seems to be nothing 
but optimism bubbling from 
the baseball field . The team 
looks at an ambitious schedule 
this spring and expect to "play 
it to the best of their ability." 

Schneider Draws Praise, Fire·-----
Continued from flaRt' 5 
some toes while an undergraduate," McElroy cannot 
think of any reason students should say such things , 
"unless they're jealous." 

did it to support Third College Step Two building. 
"They didn't want me to do it , but I thought it was 
important," Schneider says. 

professor' of geophysics who worked with Schneider 
on a parking task force says that although Schneider 
needs experience, he is "well-organized, and he 
works effectively , without bias." Gilbert adds he 
"would certainly try to boost Andy's career," if he 
could. 

Vice-Chancellor of Administration David Ernst 
says these comments on Schneider's appointment 
are a "combination of envy and legitimate criticism." 

Em\ t doubts students can be "really excited about 
Andy now that he has crossed that line into the 
administration," and he feels the best role Schneider 
can now take is to offer students' perspectives to the 
administration. 

for "Andy and the Chancellor," Schneider's 
appointment is a good thing, Ernst believes, because 
McElroy needs somebody during his la t months at 
UCSD he can trust completely, Ernst argues. 

Another source, who declined to be named, 
worked with Schneider while he was an intern in the 
UC Student Lobby office rn Sacramento in 1975 . 

According to this source, Schneider used Lobby 
stationery for his personal political ends, which is 
"strictly forbidden ." 

Schneider acknowledges the charge, but says he 

"The Student Body Presidents Council must have 
thought I was doing something right. They endorsed 
Step Two after I did that. " 

Schneider is shrewd, but politically a " touch 
naive," says another source who also chose to' 
remaih a;'onymous. While seeking a position on the 
Student Body's Presidents' Council in 1976, 

- according to this source, Schneider obtained a copy 
of the ques tion to be asked by the selection 
committee. During his interview, it was appa rent to 
the committee "after 15 minutes" tha t Schneider had 
memorized hi answers beforehand . 

McElroy pra ises Schneider's "aggressive" 
character. "He gets himself into a posllJon where he 
has some a uthority. 

" I think he'll be a very successful young man " 
McElroy says. 

Other administrators and faculty members share 
McElroy 's opinion . Dr. freeman Gilbert , a 

Director of Business Services Laura Long recall!> 
that when Schneider worked for her as manager of 
parking services in 1978, he did a good job, 
"especially during trying circumstances." 

Ken Bowers, bookstore executive assistant 
manager says tha t when Schneider worked under 
him as business office intern , he was "energetic, 
a mbitious, and ca'pable of picking up information and 
acting on it quickly." 

In his new job, Schneider says, he is "working 
harde r tha n eve r belore." Wo rkin g with 
"governmental lia ison officers and administrative 
assistants from across the nation" is all very new to 
Schneider. " It 's scary and challenging a nd exciting 
all at once." 

Schneider, 24, hopes to attend graduate school in 
public policy at Berkeley or Harvard. 

BOD" 
& 
SOLE 

Wecany 
a full line of 

Nnnlng apparel 
"HAIR 

FACTORY" 

La Jolla 
7703 Fay Ave. 
454-1535 

Pacific Beach 
1160 Garnet 
270-9668 

WORtD OF COMICS 
929 Turquoise St .. "C". Sa n D iego, CA 92 109 

..) TUDENT DI COUNT ! 

270-J.S53 
- IN P.B.! 

etiliellce Fictio n & Fa ntasy" Un derground Cornix • Magazinp · 
InfoNew & Rare Comic Books" Famille .. Calendar • Post ers 

Fine Art Portfolios" and Mucb . Much Mot·c 
Your valid Student 1.0. is your ticket to aving on everyth ing! 
Stop in today and start aving right away 10% automat ic discount 
with 1.0. And, bring this ad for a one·t ime ex tra di count of 5%. 
World of Comics; locat cd at tiJe cOrller of Turquoise trcet alld 
Bayard Stre!'t ill PA elFle 81:A C/I C'm 011 ;11 today! UC· I 

.. \\Ith l 'tln flUcnt.:c 

_CQIJ.EGE STUDENT SPECIAL 
Apartment or Hous.e Cleaned - Lowest Prices In Townl 

APARTM NT 
Siudio ....... .. ... .... . ....... . . ........ $ I 2.50 
I Bedroom . . ......•... ........ ... .... ... $ 15.50 
2 Bedroom ... . ....... . ..... ~ .. . ......... $20 50 

R GULAR HOUSES .. ...... ........ ... ... .'$26 50 
-

ThiS also Includes a FREE carpel shampoo 

CALL J Saks CI aners al 273 1066 
COLLEGE ID REQUIRED 


