
The Daill! Guardian 
Volume 37, Number 30 University of California, San Diego Thursday, June 7, 1979 

AS Council 

Vending 
Allocation 
Gets OK 

By Cindy Beveridge 
Staff Writer 

The Associated Student! 
Council voted unanimously last 
night to accept the proposal by 
Chancellor William McElroy to 
redistribute to th college 
govern men ts $35,000 in 
vending machine revenue. 

The remaining $20,000 will 
be appropriated to the Housing 
and Food Services Adminis· 
tration to help offset a largE 
deficit incurred by the new Third 
College Cafeteria . 

The vote represents ar 
apparent victory for the AS ir 
that McElroy's propo al i~ 
regarded by the Council as thE 
result of an effective boycott. 

The nearly four hour lon~ 
Council meting was prolongec 
by budget recommendations fOI 
next year. Approval of th( 
budget was hampered b~ 
factor which have greatl! 
reduced the funds available tt. 
the Council. 

Inflation and a decrease in 
enrollment, coupled with an 
extra 40 AS sponsored 
organizations this year placed a 
tight squeez'e on fund, Council 
members say. 

AS Presid ent Carlos 
Montalvo stresses that two 
priorities guided the AS in 
forming its budget. The new 
student organizations and 
student media both ha ve been 
allocated an approximate 10 
percent increase over last year. 

" By the end of the year, we 
hope to ha ve alloca ted $ 7 0 ,000 
to student orl{anizations, " 

(Please tum to page 4) 
WEATHER 

Mostl y cloudy, with 
some drizzle. Temperatures 
in the mid-60's are expected, 
with winds of 8 -12 miles per 
hour. 

Breakers will be 2-3 feet 
at 12 ~cond intervals. The 
ocean water temperature IS 
63 degrees. 

~oan photo by Stan Honda 
David Saxon answers questions at yesterday's press 
conference. 

Saxon Criticizes 
McElroy, Senate 
Couches Opinions in General 
Terms, Says Crisis is Cooling 

By Jeff Beresford-Howe 
News Editor 

Cloaking his comments in cautious, general wording, UC 
President David Saxon seemed to rebuke both UCSD Chancellor 
William McElroy and the Academic Senate yesterday, and said 
that the administrative crisis here appears to be settling down. 

Saxon said that reports to him from UC Vice President William 
Fretter indicate that "with the passage of time, a certain amount of 
ca lmness has set in." Time, he said, "is the best healer of wounded 
feelings I know." 

He appeared to be telling those assembled for his morning pre s 
conference that the Senate acted rashly when it voted 231-116 last 
week a resolution of "no confiden e" in Chancellor McElroy. 

" I am convinced of one thing. The best interests of the University 
of Califomia's San Diego campus, of Chancellor McElroy, of Vice 
Chancellor Saltman will not be served by hasty , ill-considered 
action," Saxon ommented. 

The mail ballot, h continued, will "give peopl a chance to 
reflect, and vot outside of emotion." 

Saxon a lso criticized McElroy for hi role in the administrative 
reorganization which spark d the no confiden vote. 

" If you carry out a process that leave a lot of people unhappy, 
you'd better r -examine that proce s," h said , adding, "the 
perception among large numbers of p ople i that McElroy failed to 
consult properly (before making th decision)." 

Saxon did say, though , that "a great many things go into running 
a university, and faculty consultation is just one of them ... the 
absence of anyone of them wouldn't necessarily cripple the 
university. " 

Academic Assembly Approves 
Senate Review of Chancellors 

What has the University of 
California learned from UCSD's 
admini trative problems of the 
last month? " I think it is clear 
that there shou ld be a 
reasses ment in the way faculty 
and others are consulted" in the 
university decision making 
pro es , Saxon remarked. 

By Eric Jaye 
Editor 

The statewide UC Academic 
Assembly voted here yesterday 
to set up a mechanism which 
would allow academic senates 
at the campus level to review the 
performance of their chan-
cellors once every four years . 

The move has been in the 
planning stages for more than a 
year, according to senate 
leaders , who say that UCSD 
Chancellor William McElroy's 
problems are unrelated to the 
move. 

And, UC President David 
Saxon announced yesterday 
that he would be setting up his 
own, separate system which 
would review e very UC 

chancellor once every two 
years. 

Saxon 's review sys tem 
comes as a response to a 
statewide acade mic senate 
request last year to have some 
formal sy tem of reviewing the 
performance of chancellor . 

The Presid e nt 's review 
process will involve a committee 
of faculty and students who will 
report directly back to him on 
the effectiveness of the 
chancellor they are reviewing, 
according to Dr . Sanford 
Lakoff, o ne of UCSD 's 
representatives to the statewide 
academic senate. 

The four-year re views of the 
academic senates would be 
conducted by four local faculty 

members a nd one faculty 
member from another campus. 
They would ma ke and submit a 
confidential report to Saxon on 
th e performance of the 
chancellor being reviewed. 

"An early warning system" 
of trouble on the UC campuses 
is the way academic senate 
members described their four-
year review. 

The UC chancellors are 
reacting to the review proposals 
with "varying degrees of 
enthusiasm," according to 
Saxon who adds, "none of them 
are kicking and screaming." 

The new review processes 
will serve to provide "orderly 
mecha'lisms for settling faculty 

(Please tum to page 7) 

He recommended to the 
faculty a proposal which 
establishes Academic Senate 
review of eac h campus 
chancellor every four years (see 
story below) . 

Saxon aid UCSD ' s 
administrative problems will be 
discussed at next week's Board 
of Regent meeting in Los 
Angeles. At that meeting, 
Saxon and McElroy will be 
asked to speak before the 
Board. No Academic Senate 
representatives were invited , 
Saxon said, but UCSD 
Professor Will ia m Frazer, 
Chairman of the statewide 

(Please tum to page 4) 

Can UCSD Build a Good Greek System? 
By Wayne Hunt 

Staff Writer 
"Animal House" may yet 

leave it s mark at UCSD. 
Sigma Phi Epsilon, a national 

fraternity whose San Diego 
State chapter is one of SDSU's 
more turbulent and vociferou 
fraternities , is attempting to 
"colonize" here this summer 
and coordinate a rush week for 
interested a nd incoming 
tudents here early next fall 

quarter. 
After spar e publici ty a nd 

. four informal meetings, "Sig 
Ep" distric t governor Ed 
Dahlkamp has "a nucleus of 
individual. who want 10 become 
a full fledged chapter. ~' 

The nucleus, consisting of 
five UCSD students, will 

regis. te~ as a student 
orgamzatlOn. T his "colony" 
mu t ga ther at last 35 
members before gai nin g 
recognition as an official Sig Ep 
c h a pt e r , accor din g to 
Dahlkamp. Offi cial chapter 
recognition should come some 
time in November 1980, he 
estimates. 

The Mickey ' (Big Mouth ) 
Drinking Club here ha pledged 
their support of the fraternity. 
And even stud nl Steve 
"Belushi" Rosoff is planning on 
becoming a Sig Ep. 

The Animal Hous e 
reputation and Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs Richard 
Armitage's declared morator-
ium on approval of social 
fraternities do not worry 

Dahlkamp. 
"Our purpo is to improve 

individuals as people, to tach 
them patience and the dil igence 
of working with other people--
we are not just a drinking club," 
he aid. 

"As long as a fraternity 
regist rs as a stud nt 
orga ni za tion , ind icates its 
offi cers a nd has no discrimina-
tion in it constitution," Student 
Affairs will offer no resistance, 
according to Armitage. 

Armitage explained that the 
moratorium was put into effect 
to end all gat ions that the 
Student Affair office was 
soliciting for a Greek system 
without proven student support. 

" I am completely neutral" on 
(Please tum to pale 7) 



The Daily Guardian Thurl., June 7, 1979 
, 

Oeinion 
---- - ------------------ . 

·The Daily Guardian Letters to the Editor 
ErIc.-

EdItor 
JeIf~ 

News Editor Center Opponents Use 'Big Lie' 
ICaIhr ttut. 

Associate News Editor 
John Hondi'oa 

Associate News Editor 

Third's the Name 
IT he process of naming Third CoUege has gone on so long that some San Diego newspaper reporters 

I write about it with open irony. In the most recent of 
several votes, Third 's infinitely patient students 
approved "Third College" two-to-one margin; faculty 

~mbers voted for the name by three-to-one. 

Sixty percent of the faculty voted, and a quarter of the 
students cast ballots. Given the poor track record of 
administrators in adhering to community will on this 
issue and the certainty that many voters have been 
alienated, turnout figures like that can only be interpreted 
as a popular grounds well more compelling than the 
French Revolution_ 

Joe Watson, Third's provost, didn't help matters 
much with his comment that students were " lucky" to get 
to vote. We hope we caught Watson at a bad moment; 
the cynicism and authoritarian tone of his words are 
antithetical to everything· for which his college once 
stood. 

The Third College Council should immediately 
fo.rward ~~ results. to the UCSD naming committee 
Without sOllmg the Issue further with debate. And that 
committee should forward the name recommendation to 
the UC Regents, because Third is, de facto the name of 
Uq)D's third college. Its students should ~tand for no 
more interference. 

Editor: 
Nixon built much 01 hi. 

career OR the "Big Lie." 
ASUCSD commissioner Jon 
Bekken and hi. "coalition" have 

UCSD students are voting on 
the recreotion cen.er issue 
through .oday. 

folowed their idol with a poster 
on the new student recreation 
facilitiel. The proper relponse 
to Bekken's Big Lie is simply the 
fact s. Read the voter 
information prepared by the 
student election marshalls. It 
can be found in the libraries and 
at EDNA. 

Read the voter information 
and ask yourself the foUowing 
questions. Is it at all reasonable 
that all of the students and 
professional architects and 
budget analysts somehow 
overlooked inflation? Fat 
chance. Is it likely that all of the 
students and professiona l 
architects somehow forgot to 
use solar heating and natural 
venti la t ion to reduce 
maintenance costs by 75%? No 
way. 

Does $43,000 per year plus 
non-student user fees plus 
summer rents provide an a mple 
amount of maintenance? 

Is it true we're getting a 
fantastic financial deal because 
the loan's 9.5% interest rate is 
less than the inflation rate? 

,~ it true students are the only 
voting members of the facilities' 
governing board? 

Sure, it's ~eat fun to trudge 

down the hiD at night to .wim in 
the chill waten of the Pacific. 
But wouldn't you rather be able 
to .wim here? Wouldn't you 
rather play lOur favorite sport 
here on a lighted Muir field? 
Wouldn't you rather play 
racquetball here and not get 
ripped oIf at some off-campus 
commercial court? Wouldn't 
you rather mellow out here in 
your own jacuzzi? Sure , 
jacuzzi's are expensive at 
luxury off-campus apartments, 
ye t they cost only 5% of the cost 
of a pool he re. Students being 
able to enjoy themselves here at 

UCSD is what this referendum 
is aD about . 

The current facilities were 
designed for a student 
population only haH the size we 
have now. Small wonder there's 
overcrowding. Even Bekken 
himself admits "additional 
facilities are necessary. " 
Delaying even one year would 
add enormously to the 
construction cost. Please vote 
yes today. Vote yel! for yourself 
and the students who come after 
you. 

Mike Elcan 

PE Department Wants 
More Than Expansion 
Editor: 

In a student vote issue, I wm 
readily offer comment to any 
student who asks my Qpinion, 
but I have never taken part in a 
public discussion . Even though I 
am a faculty member, I find that 
I must now'do so, but m erely to 
correct an impression falsely 
imprinted b}' the recent letter 
from Mark TroD. 

Mark writes that the 
" ... phy sic al education 
department, without intercolle-
giate athletics, seems to regard 
its purpose as simply as 
possible: expand ... " 

Inasmuch as the referendum 
proposes facilities 'governed by 
an all· student board, I fail to see 
the logic of Mark's nol entirely 

accurate statement. The 
objective of physical educators 
is to encourage, abet, support 
and endorse a ll ph ysica l 
ac tivit ies that c ontribute 
positively to the heal th well-
being and relaxa tion of each 
student; in this light, we strongly 
urge students to vote on this 
referendum. 

Our departme nt will function 
in exactly the same manner with 
or wjthout these facilit ies; it is 
the student , current and future, 
who will be affected by the 
outcome of this election. 

Bert Kobayashi 
PE Instructor 

Parting Shot 
A. media note in the W~liam McElroy-Paul Saltman clash: Though Saltman is generally thought to be 

the flashy, headline-conscious one, the Chancellor 
ha~ the number of a pair of reporters last week. When 
writers for the Union and the Times called to ask about 
SaItman's deci~ison to t.ake his job back, McElroy 
expressed surpnse both times. You were the first to tell 
me, he confided. 

Warren College Students 
Support Rec Center Idea 

We're All Bozos 
On McElroy's Bus 
Editor: 

Sure enough, both the Union's Michael Scott-Blair 
and the Times' Lanie Jones smugly noted in their May 
31 stories that "a reporter" (that means "me me me") 
was th~ first to tell the Chancellor the news.' ' 

Editor: 
Today students are being 

asked to vote on the student 
recreation facilities referendum. 
We think there are three 
important facts behind this 
referendum that students 
should know: No fees will be 
coDected unta the facilities are 
ready for !ltudent use, in Fall 
1981 j There are no additional 
use fees for registered students; 
and money will be borrowed at 

a rate of 9.5 percent , which is 
less than the inflation rate. 

We think it is important that 
students develop their bodies as 
well as their minds. We urge all 
student to go out and vote yes. 

Moonho Lee 
Dick Semerdjiam 

Laurie 'Ayen 
Dana Wechler. 

Warren College 
student officiall 

Please ask President Saxon 
what he would do if he was on a 
bus where one-third (just one-
third) of the passengers had lost 
confidence in the abilit)' of the 
driver to drive safely. Wouldn't 
he want to get out and walk? 
Wouldn't he wish that the bus 
company would transfer the 
rnan to some job other than 
driving buses? 

John Dunkel 

'Food Science'? Only a Matter of Time 
W !' ~thle Hf"er f Amultylrdefemb;"Btolielnun:?The pride, is severely limited by the •. . UN over . ac u . No, pomt to absence 01 a home economics ad~lDIItrabve rnane~- to UCS.o'1 plans for a home department. In particular the 

verlng., UG,SD II economIC. de~nt. campu.'s needs for trul ' 
understandably preoccupied T hat' • r i~ h tho me "food . "and y eXtil~rt 
with perh the . . . ' science tex el 
. . aps . . mo~t sel1lltive economic.. ew campus students hal set UI back several 
Internal .. sue 10 .Its hi~tory. member~ may be aware, but decades. . 
. The sq~bblmg ~ rooted UCSD.. ,..aduaUy becoming How many UCSD students 
m UCSD s ever unporlanl more trade-oriented. Home can boast of the· ooki nd re.earc~ grant., a major source economic. is a logical nutritional f1ue':y~ The ng~ h ofpresbgefortheuni~.ityand deliberate and nece"lAr~ demand for cam' • housig 
for tho.e conlrollmg Ihe outcome of this trend atlests to student ,PU k I'!II 

, alloc b' J" I WeB ness In 
money s. a on. . ust thil year the adrninistra- this area. 
he But while mo.t ~mber~ of hon . included ,. apparently Indeed, molt Itudents are 

I ~mlJl.!l commu~y ~leve ~gJngly~ a bus!ness minor in lured into believing the 
the dilrUption to be an meVlt~ ,I. acadenllc offen':'8l. 'suspect admini.tration i. buildin 
relult of a lont:.tand~n the move was motivated by the additional h . g penonalit and .. I f d " . , OUSlng on campus 
belwee y . po ca a mlmstraIJon I goal 10 to .ave them from th 

e I ~ ~ e nth e two top ultimately build a nationally shockingly high cOIl of oIf~ 
~lralOl'l at UCSD, I known, even wortd-renowned campus accomodalion 
submil that the McElroy- home economic. department In fact ~ . I., . 
Sahman 1~1e is nothias Many of you shudder at the providing' ltuc:lent':IV:::!y a: 
~""nan ort~theirparl ~houghl. But dilCard your opportunity to escape 
o .w our .~ .'rom. a ~ ~Ioaks for a moment Itarvation or malnutrition 
more compeUlng . unlv.llty and VIeW this trend rMlOII8b1y. cauted ~ their low cookinc 
.... UCSD, for aI_ ac:acIemr .. The fact that moll-

on ca !1lpul students opt for 
UCSD's bland cafeteria 
c~okin~ support. the 
University s position. 

In addition, many ltudents 
lack expertise in the field of 
clothing and textiles_ Thi. 
timitation was brought home to 
me recently during my fruitless 
learch for a seamstress (or 
seamster) among my acquaint-
ances to concoct a relatively 
simple piece 01 clothing. 

Of course, I cannot absolve 
myself of guilt, for' cannot be 
~xcused from charges of sewing 
mcompetence. But at least 
partial blame belongs with the 
administration for not 
.accelerating the development of 
a home economic. deparbnent 
here . 

But already Jigns of chanl{ing 
~imel are apparent. For 
Inalance, the university recentJy 
has been a strong advocate 01 

commercial shopping develop. 
ments in the UCSD area. 1hese 
developmenls provide expen-
sive retail clothing ltores that 
taunt srudents' moderate 
budgets. Adminstration IUpport 
of the developments displays its 
desire to rationalize a home 
economics department as the 
saving grace for students. 

Just think what a class in 
Soci~cultural Concepts of 
Clothing or Sensory Evaluation 
of . Food could do for this 
campus. 

Such courleS, it should be 
s~ssed, 'would not replace (lr 
dISplace already exi s ting 
academic offerings at UCSD 
but would supplement students' 
general education needs. 

And the home economics 
major would not be timiled only 
to food or textiles, but could 
expand into family, housing and 

(Pleue tum to .. ,e 4) 

Thurl., June 7, 1979 The Daily Guardian Page 3 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS-BRIEFS 
i iiiJilil 2. 7 III 
~I I .! lnl r rr 

IINT'L . 
Pope Returns Home 

KRAKOW, Poland (AP) - Pope John Paul II 
flew yesterday to this ancient city. scene of his years of 
confrontation with Poland 's communist governme nt, 
after ma king a n emotional a ppeal to workers to resist 
a theist calls to abandon religion. 

The fo rmer Cardinal Ka rol Wojtyla served as 
archbishop of Krakow, in sou thern Pola nd , before 
being elevated to the papacy last October. It was in 
Krakow that he ha d sought greater religious freedom 
for the 30 million members of the Roman Catholi ' 

hurch in Poland . 
When the papal helicopter tou hed down in 

downtown Kra kow, thousands of residents of the ci ty 
of 500,000 and from nearby towns had lined the 
streds 10.deep to catch a glimpse of him - some 
standing for hours des[>ite a consta nt drizzlt' . 

- -- -------

Russian Torture Alleged 
CHICAGO (AP) - Russian Baptist pastor Georgi 

Vin ' . recently brought to this country as part of a 
prisoner exchange. ~ ays the Soviet Union ha. 
imprisoned as many as 1,000 Ukrainian Baptists. 

He says he knew of 10 who were tortured to death. 
Vins, a Ukrainian who himself served three prison 

terms , told several Ba ptist congrega tions in Chicago 
that in the Ukraine alone a bout 60,000 Baptists have 
refused to register their churches with the government. 

SALT 'Unresolved' 
WASHINGTON (AP) - Senate Republican 

Leader Howard H. Baker, Jr . said yesterday he 
understands that "important a nd extremely sensitive" 
points remain to be resolved b for a SALT treaty ca n 
be signed between the United States and the Soviet 
Union . 

.Iw • .,. Sport ·T·TOJII • • nd • 
1875 Grind A .... P.B. 274-9580 

T.G.I.Over 
P R 

The Bear Task fofce thanks the Associated Sludents and 
ChancetlOl' McElrCf,' 101' ttleir contributions. 

! 71 

I L-N_A_T-'L-----=-~I I STATE 
Airline Lines Grow Deukmejian Subpeonaed 

(AP)-Airlines rolled out reserve pla nes a nd 
rerouted thousands of passengers Wednesday as the 
sudden grounding of a ll U.S. DC·IOs bumped 60,000 
to 70,000 people fr om hundreds of fl ights. 

Travelers grew wary , vacations were di srupted and 
business a ppointments were missed as the 138 wide· 
bodied jets were ordered back to the ha ngars for more 
safety inspections . 

" I wonder what else is flying around up there with 
cracks in it ," mused Nick Kontras, a San Diego 
attorney, as he waited a t Los Angeles Inte rnational 
Airpo rt for American Airlines to s.ubstitute a Boeing 
707 for his fli ght. 

Two Unions Merge 
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two of the nation's 

most powerful food industry unions formally 
('olTl[>leted a merger yesterday to forlTl a 1,250,000· 
member gIant that b ('01Tl S th FL·CIO's largest 

I union. 
Th 7:35.000'lTIember Retail Clerks International, 

011 • of the nallon's fas test gro will~ unions, voted at a 
convention here to complete the abor movelTlen t's 
biggest merger since {he AFL and 10 wed a quarter 
of a ('entury <ago. 

FDA Working on Bans 
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Food and Drug 

Administration is "working very hard" to eliminate 
me thapyrilene, a cancer·causing antihistamine, from 
over-the.counter sl eping aids and other drugs, 
ou tgoing FDA Commissioner Donald Kennedy said 
yesterday. 

Kenn dy , who leaves office at th end of the month, 
told reporters he hopes to complete ac tion on DES, 
cyclamate a nd severa l other controversial issues on hi s 
desk . 

IleleoseCI bV MetK>GolOw';nMoyer 
ProctJced bV MOl .... Efa.ctmon 
[)reeled bV Mct-oel enchton 

Slarnng Gere\I!e';e~. MlCt-oeI Douglas. 
ElIZobeth N.h!teV. Ilchorct Widmer'< 

Color PG 

Sponsored by the 
Student HeaHh Information 
Program 

$1.50 general admission 
$1.00 If you fill out our IUMty 
IlImllled to IeCIfIng 

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Attorney General 
George De ukmejian accepted a subpoena yesterday 
_ through one of his aides - to testify about last 
April's search of the law offi ces of an a ttorney 
representing former Ll. Gov. Mervyn Dymally. 

But Deukmejian's a ttorneys will move T hursday to 
void the subpoenas. said Bob Cook , a spokesman for 
the a ttorney genera l's office. 

Deukmejian's subpoena was accepted by Deputy 
Attornev General William Pounders, Cook said. Cook 
a lso wa's ord red to a ppear in Van Nuys Municipal 

ourt on Friday to tes tify about the AprilS search of 
attornt!y Edward Masry's office. 

411 Calls Not .Free? 
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Pacific Telephone 

o. asked authority y sterday to charge customers 
rnakin~ rnore than 20 call s d month to directory 
assis tance. 

The company's filing with the CalifornIa Public 
tilahl's ommission said directory assistance costs, 

estimated at 12 mIllion a nnua lly , have almo t 
tripled since 1965 . Even though few customers would 
exceed the 20 call limit, the proposal would help cut 
calls and hold down expenses. the compa ny said . 

Gov. Brown Denounced 
SACRAMENTO (AP) - Two black California 
legislators denounced Gov. Edmund Brown, Jr. 
yest rday as a two-day national conference of black 
leaders ended. 

"W have a Democratic governor out in front 01 the 
movement to cut the heart s out of little people, poor 
people," Sen. Bill Green, D·Los Angeles, to ld about 
200 blacks on a Capitol lawn. 

Greene is the author of a bill to give re troactive grant 
increases to about 2. 1 million welfare recipients . 

- libraries 

"Tt'e tee!>ng 01 feo~ty IS tneS<.XlPObIe: 
-Iloget E09<l Cneoga SUn fmes 

' A neh 50hslyng throlle< tor tho5e who con 
.ford the fosI pace 01 an exerCISe '" Iet!or 

-M.th ens\. New ""'" lUI 
FlMS I'ICCIlPORATEO 

neKETS ON SALE NOW! 
TLH 107 
Friday, June IS 7-10 pm 

- college community centers 



Page 4 The Daily Guardian Thurs., June 7, 1979 

News 

Spending Limit Would Hurt UCSD 
Additional budget restraints 

are anticipated at UCSD next 
year with the expected passage 
of the GaM initiative. 

The initiative would put 
ceiling on state spending, 
indexing it to inflation. The 
spending limit will be calculated 
through the federal Consumers 
Price . Index and will make 
allowances for population 
increases. 

Riding on the "Spirit of 13", 
the initiative will be on the 
November ballot unle ss 
Governor Brown calls a special 
election for the busing question 

first , said Assistant Deputy 
ControUer John Jervis . In that 
case, the question would appear 
on th special ballot. 

Jervis states those fi gures 
would allow "no more then a 10 
percent ceili ng on s ta te 
spending in California ." 

UCSD's rate of inflation is 
about 12 percent, according to 
campus budget officer Robert 
Oakes. With the c urrent 
escalation in the rate of 
inflation, Oakes said it was 
likely this will increase. 

Oakes pointed out that San 
Diego experiences the highest 

rate of inflation in the country, 
over 14 percent. This affects the 
University , who buys its 
supp lies and equipment in Dan 
supplies and equipment in San 
Diego, he said. ' 

"We've already had to 
absorb a constrained budget 
with the passage of proposition 
13," Oakes said, citing last 
year's department budget cuts, 
on top of frozen salaries for 
University staff. 

Local governments are 
preparing for the expected 1 0 
percent spending limit by 
educating officials on the 

mer hanics of the initiative. 
"We don 't want to b caught 

with our pants down nlike we 
were with 13,"said Assistant 
Auditor Bruce Englehart. 

The State Auditors 
Association is holding three 
workshops in California 
educating pa rticipants on the 
languag of the initiative and 
"what we can do to prott'cI 
ourselves, ' said Englewood. 

The initiative will add the 10 
percent inflation increa e to the 
78-79 fiscal year budget. 
ending in June 30. Englewood 
said, "Anyone has a chance to 

beef up their base year 
budgel. .. there are loopholes. 
We're goin!! to try and find them 
in these workshop sess ions." 

Oakes said he imagined 
many people were trying to 
increase their buse budgets as 
much as possible, ' bllt the 
University doesn't have the 
power or the desire to do thal." 

AS Accepts 
Vending 
Proposal 

Skills SQrely- Lacking. Saxon Faults 
Both Sides 

(Continued from page 1) 
Montalvo said. "This is a lmost 
fifty percent of our budget. " 

'Food Science' Needed (Continued from page 1) 
Academic Senate, is an advisor 
to the Regents and will be 
allowed to speak if he desires. 

As a result of the two 
increases, the Council decided 
to substantially cut its own 
expenditures. This involved 
e lim ina ting " unnecessary" 
spendin g among Council 
members who, Monta lvo said, 
never had their bud ge ts 
scrutinized in the past. 

(Continued from ,.,. 2) 
design, and conawner science 
areas. 

Granted, the university could 
merely shrug off the concept of 
home economics and direct' 
interested students to other state 
institutions where such practical 
learning is already offered. . 

But with the addition of home 
economics department here , 
men and women of all cultural 
backgrounds will learn to 
become more self-sufficient 
while at the same time pursuing 
the academic excellence only a 
fine university can provide. 

Think 01 the implications. 

Students could organize horne 
economics-related c lub s. 
Retent ion problems would 
subside_ The bookstore could 
sell additional merchandise and 

make the addition gently and 
smoothly. But someday, UCSD 
will harbor its own home 
economics program. 
. Administrators should be less 

Adminstrators should be le~ secretive 
and take open pride i~ their plans for a 
home economics department, for they are 
planning for a more well-rounded UCSD. 
increase their profits. 

Clearly, this university needs 
a home economics department. 
I ts realization will take years of 
administrative initiatives to 

secretive and take open pride in 
their plans for a home 
economics department, for they 
are planning for a more well· 
rounded .UCSD. 

Saxon told the press that 
there are no contingency plans 
to replace McElroy if he should 
resign. He added that only the 
Regents have the right to 
appoint or remove UC 
c han ellors. 

He declined to speculate on 
whether he would ask for 
McElroy's resignation if the 
Academic Senate 's mail vote 
results were similar to the 
Mandeville Auditorium vote. 

Last night's vending vote 
ends a year of controversy 
concerning the administration's 
summer decision to transfer 
vending revenue from the 
colleges to HFS. 

The AS responded by 
initiating a Vending Awareness 
Week in March, followed by 
two machine boycolls_ 

SUMMER WORKSHOPS June 18 ........ August 17 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I . 
I 
I 

This summer the UC Cratts Center is offering 
workshops and classes for both beginning 
and experienced crotts people. Directed 
by outstanding artists in each field, this 
Summer Session is designed to strengthen 
creativity, develop personal expression, and 
provide- a sense of community among 

people interested or involved in cratts. 
CERAMICS 

Beginning , Intermediate, Advanced, 
Ceramic Design, Handbuilding/Raku, 
Colossal Ware, Kiln Firing, Crystal Glaze, 
Overglaze Ceramics, Childrens' Ceramics, 
and Ceramic Studio Membership. 

GLASS ARTS 
Stained Glass, Glass Etching, Kiln Formed 

Glass 
CLOISONNE 

YOGA 
BASIC AUTO MECHANICS 

DRAWING 
IMAGE MAKING qN PAPER & FILM 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
Beginning, Slide Tour Workshop, and 

I Photography Studio membership. 
• 

1 ______ ---------------------------
Registration June 11 ,to June 15 
Gall 452-2021 tor information 

Crafts Center --=--'------------~ 

Thurs., June 7, 1979 The Daily Guardian PageS 

~p-orts 
"Awesome" Upset 

1M Volleyball Season Comes to Close 
By Jon Goetz 
Sport. Editor 

Men's' intramural voDeyball 
e nded Tuesday in a flurry of 
"six and violence" at the gym . 

night, Art Sioate led his number 
one seeded 6 x 10" team past 
Hele-On 15-4, 15-12. 6 x 10" 
"mowed their way through their 
competition ," according to 1M 
czar Scott Berndes, roUing to a 
20-1 final record. The team was 
formed through Chuch 
Malenbah's voUeyball class in 
the PE department. 

Third ·place league AAA 
finisher Six and Violence upset 
league champ "Awesome in the 
finals 15- 13, 12-15, and 15·9. 
Behind the play of Ralph 
Hayward, DaM Rudnick, and 
Bernard Figuracion, S& V Single A play had the "lowest 
avenged a loss to Awesome abi lity level... but the excitement 
earlier in the season. was the highest," said Berndes. 

In the AA play Tuesday ~ , A vibrant crowd a nd 

Coming Attractions 
Early Sports 

Three sports will start ~p in Septe mber before classes begin. 
Men's soccer begins practice September 4 at 10 am on Muir 
Field. Women's volleyball players meet a t the gym at 5 pm, 
September 10, for their first practice_ Men's water polo starts 
September 15 at lOam in the natatorium. 

Final Week Pool Hours 
, The pool will be open for recreation swim during finals week 

to give students a chance to relax and cool down from their 
studies. They will be open from 7:30-9 am, 12·2 pm. 4-6 pm , 
and 7 :30· 1 0 pm. 

Summer Clubs 
Three dubs will be meeting this summer for recreation 

privilege card holders. The Outing Club will be renting out 
backpacking and camping equipment. A noon conditioning 
dub, under the direction of Joellen Barnett, wal hold daily 
exercise and calisthenic sessions five days a week. The Karate 
club will open workouts for students and faculty of a ll ability 
levels from 5-6 pm daily with advisor AI T sai. 

GET YOUR CAREER 
OFF TO A FLYING 

START 
It tokes f()IJ years to get a colege degree. How 

tong will it take you to get a good job? 
If you haven't settled on a company or corpor-

otion yet. why not get your executive career off 
to a ~ start as a plot or navigator In the Umed 
States. Air -Force? Irs the finest flight program II'l 
the world. the pay is excellent. and you1t erlOY 
the prestige that goes with the sitver wings of an 
Ak Force pilot or navigator. 

Irs one of the finesf opportunities in the nation 
And a great place to gain executive experience 
with million dolOr responsibility. Find out today 
about the Air Force flight program. Contact 

Bob McDougall 
293-5737 

~ Camino del Rio South 

cheerleaders gave the gym a 
big-time atmosphere while the 
Ball Smashers won a tight game 
over F-Troop, 10-15. 15-10, 
15-10. 

Mike Bailek and Moonho 
Lee domina ted the a ttack 
against F-Troop, who barely 
made it to the finals themselves . 
F-Troop was down 13-2 in the 
third game of their semifinals 
match against the 7 Horseman, 
two points away from an abrupt 
end to their season, when they 
took the next 13 points to 
advance to the finals. 

Women's Volleyball , with by 
far the most provocative team 
names in intra murals this 
spring, finished up their season 
play last Tuesday . Eva 's 
Beava's, sparked by their 
namesake Eva Ljungwe 's 
"super spiking", took two 
straight from triple sets, 15- 11 , 
15-9. The Beava's, with several 
former intercollegiate players, 
had "most of the talent" in the 
league according to Berndes. 

We Dig Balls scored a couple 
of quickies from Larry's 

Liquida~on Lazars in single A 
championship play, 15-12, 15-
9. The teams I split in prior 
league play, but players Jayne 
Bronson, Susie Moyes, and 
player/coach Susan Robb gave 
the team a lift in the finals. 

Intramural Volleyball era battled la.t week for the 
championships. GuorcIi.n "'- bJ Ken Krewn 

Final's Week Special at- AIlE'S 
,---------------, 
• \(t. I ! a££ cO ! 
I f With this coupon. I 
• with the purchase of any I 
• sandwich i,1 the store. I 

~------~--______ I 
offer expires 16 June. 1979 

7612 foV Ave. La Jolla 
In Shlngte lane 
454-9021 

Open: 
7 am-9 pm Sunday-Thursday 

7 am-11 pm Frtday·Saturday 

a· ~~~tw°"~()l (3 f3 • • 
e~~~~.~ ~~-,?IAJ(;JOO 
MilliON lAY '.11e 

.... DIIGO 
IU .. DAY. "U .. II. 

1:00 -11:00A . ... 
T·.HllfI .01.LL 

I .. TaA .. TI 
..c:ac III '011'" AT ., .... 

AMO .~TI .... 000 •• TO ••• 
'.'0 ... · " •• 
'POII.OtI':."I!'~ oUIO ~.nlM_' 

... v ... ",,", 
-~ 

LUG IT HOME? 
summer storage 

at 

OLD TOWN 
STORAGE 

Special Student Rate 
5'xB ' Only $55.00 
JW1e 15 to Sept 15th 
Deposit & fee waived 

Call 29B-)02) 

~".2~ ==~~~ 
must bring this ad &: 
student identiflcatio 

o San Diego, CA IF~""";=---' 

~==: 4800 PacIfIC H"h ... y San ['Ii"o, C~hfornl~ IUIIO 



, ' 

Page 6 

Sylveate~ StaUone appean in Rocky II. 

Records/AlmelTomnbs 

The Daily Guardian Thurs., June 7, 1979 
, 

Arts 
Films/Beth Accomando 
Retnakes, Ripoffs, Sequels 
Make Up Sumtner Cinema 
Summer is time for a cluster 

of major releases, and this 
summer brings the usual mix of 
hopeful and hopeless films. In 
keeping with this year 's clone 
trend, the summer will mainly 
offer remakes, rip·offs , sequels 
and a "prequel." 

One promising sequel is 
Rocky II , with Sylvester 
Stl,lllone, Talia Shire, Burgess 
Meredith, Carl Weathers and 
Burt Young returning in their 
original roles. This time Stallone 
will also be directing. The story 
picks up moments after the 

original ended, and it focuses on 
Rocky's romance with Adrian 
and his rematch with ApoUo 
Creed . Superficially the film 
may sound more like a remake 
than a sequel but Rocky II 
offers the characters as 
changing individuals . The 
preview footage of Rocky II 
reveals that Stallone has 
maintained the charm of the 
original. Rocky II will open at 
UTC and Center 3 Cinemas. 

eleventh Bond film, is a liberal 
adaptation of Ian Fleming's 
novel. Roger Moore is back as 
Bond, Michael Lonsdale plays 
the evil genius, Lois Chiles is the 
love interest and Richard Kiel 
returns as Jaws. The plot deals 
with the hijacking of a space 
shuttle and it requires a lot of 
gadgetry. Moonraker opens at 
UTC. 

For connoisseurs of high 
class trash there will be Sidney 
Sheldon's Bloodline. Blood· 

Dracula, loosely adapted line boasts a fine cast which 
from the Broadway play, takes 
a romantic approach to the includes Audrey Hepburn , 
Bram Stoker crea tion. Frank James Mason and Maximilian 
Langella recreates hi s Schell. The film is sure to 
Broadway role of a seductive include murder , sex, glamour 

and cardboard charac ters . Dracula and will be joined by Sir 
Laurence Olivier. DirectorJohn Bloodline opens at the Loma, What Color Ate His Eyes? 
Badham says the film has a Kids (and adults) have two 

Joe Jackson - I. SIte Really Barry/Ellie Greenwich/George lyrical content (what lillie there nightmarish atmosphere a,nd it films to look forward to this 
Going Out WrtItHim?(A&M "Shadow" Morton composition is of it), but its connotations aims to frighten audiences. summer - Walt Disney's 101 
.ingle). which has become one of the all· symbolize the song's - and the DracuJa , containing a number Dalmations and The Muppet 

Thurs., June 7, 1979 The Daily Guardian ____ ______ _______ P_a~g_e_7 

Greek System Prais~d and Scourged 
(Continued from page 1) 
the issue of incorporating a 
Greek system, said Armitage. 
"I would like a paper that 

Armitage Goes Slow on Approval "The campus is changing a lot," said Shanahan, "it is 
becoming more socially 
oriented ; the nerd is not winning 
out all the time." Shanahan 
hopes that the advent of 
fraternities will build a 
foundation for a Greek system 
at UCSD. 

requests and states the rea!lons in the nation, with 210 chapters, 
why Greek organizations would may not have the strength to 
be advantageous to the survive the opposition of faculty 
university." and administrators possessed 

If that occurred Armitage with the image of a strictly 
said he would appoint a task educational and research 
force committee to advise him, oriented university at UCSD, 
He would then hold a ~ublic according to Armitage. 
hearing to debate the Issue, _ Sig Ep is burdened with a 
which could later result in a history of discrimination. In the 
student referendum, 1950's they did not admit 

Armitage sees housing as blacks and still suffer from the 
another area of possible conflict 
between the university and an 
establis hed fraternity. Using 

, university owned land for a frat 
house is a possibility , according 
to ' 

repercussions now, 
Dahlkamp said Sig Ep is no 

longer discriminatory and even 
has an auxilliary division called 
Little Sisters for female 

people . " They " do not 
encourage people to take 
control of their lives ," he said, 

Another downfall of 
fraternities is the financial 
considerations, according to 
Bekken, " Poor people cannot 
afford frats, " he remarked, 
calling the m "upper class elitist 
groups," 

The only benefit Bekken 
foresees with the advent of 
fraternities is increased housing 
alternatives. 

Alternative housing is 
probably Dahlkamp's least 
concern. But he insists he is 
co nce rne d with improving 
individuals and ma king them 
"socially productive people, " 

"We take a rough dia mond 
with little or no social graces, 
relatively immature, and we 
polish and hone it. That is what 
a fraternity should give," said 
Dahlkamp, 

according to SK rush 
chairwoman Katherine Cohen. 
After attracting five charter 
members , SK has now become 
a self·sufficient chapter with a 
membership of 25, Cohen said. 

Cohen called SK a "complete 
sisterhood," stating that 
fraternities at UCSD will have to 
show they are more than "a big 
party group. " Referring to 

Indeed , UCSD appears to 
have become more socially 
oriented. This year at least four 
new clubs almost singularly 
devoted to the producing of 

Armitage wonders if there might be a 
need to Htake steps to police adherence to 
non-discrimination. " 
many fraternities' " Animal 
House" reputation , Cohen said, 
"in the public eye of UCSD 
that's all we have seen of them." 

Alpha Omicron Pi president 
Kathleen Shanahan, however, 
finds it "exciting for fraternities 
to come to UCSD," Fraternities 

social events have been formed. 
What originated as Fogcullers 
has blossomed to a Sid Vicious 
Memorial, a SI. Patril:k's J)ay 
Annual and a Grateful Dead 
Festival, in addition to two 
Rocktoberfests and the Second 
Annual Thumper Nationals. 

HWe take a rough diamond with little or\ 
no social graces, relatively immature, 
and we polish and hone it. " 

I · she really gom, out time camp classics of pop band 's - basic approach: of well· guarded special effects, Movie. Kermit 's rags.to·riches with him?" music. But "Leader of the Crude and trashy. opens Friday the 13th of July at success story is the focal point of Another issue that concerns The questiono seemed Pack" is much more than mere Now English singer/song· Fashion Valley. The Muppet Movie, but all the Dahlkamp, administra tors and and sorori ties "create social ties and promote a social life outside 
of campus," said Shanahan. 

OAP publicit.\' commission-
er Bob Spielman sees SOAP 
as "practically a fraternity ." 
"We have pledges, no female 
members, and a Mecca Hills 
in it iation . The thing th at 
separates us from frats is that 
we program university.wide 
parties and events. We are 
basically a progra mming 
organization, " 

innocent enough in 1964. Mary camp: Under the dominant writer Joe Jackson has taken familiar muppet characters will interested students is student 
and Maryanne wondered to direction of producer Morton the phrase one step further, Ever wonder what Butch also appear. The film guest reaction to a first . time 
each other if Betty was really (Janis Ian, New York DoUs, employing it not as a and Sundance would have stars Orson Welles , Mel fraternity . According to Shanahan remembers 
going out with that biker like Vanilla Fudge) the Shangri-Las throwaway opening line but as been , Ii ke before Paul Brooks, Richard Pryor and Klc:h8,ra Armitage Dahlkamp, "sororities have AOPi 's uphill battle at UCSD in Spielman commented that 
everyone said she was, so they created one of their typically one·half of the chorus of his first Newman and Robert Red- Steve Martin, and it will have a Considering the members. proven the interest on campus." the face of unending negative SOAP has written to fraternities 
aaked her: "Betty, is that _ intense and melodramatic American single, a song he ford? Well, Butch and score by Paul' Williams and prices of available in But Armitage, who has first· Sigma Kappa, the second opinion. "You have to prove asking for information, and is 
Jimmy's ring you're' weari",?" performances and turned the cunningly titles " Is She Really Sundance: The Early Yean Kenny Ascher , Both films open Jolla, a frat house will not be an hand experience with the Greek sorority successfully established yourself, you have to show you co nside ri ng becoming a 
1hey weren't prepared for the song into an almost convincing Going Out With Him?" (The will answer your question. This at UTe. immediate concern of Sig Ep, s y s t e mat 0 h i 0 S tat e at UCSD, began with a girl's are doing something for the fraternity this summer. SOA P 
outpouring of grief that ode to teenage rebellion on the other half: " Is she really gonna film is the predecessor (or Lost and Found a'ppears fo said Dahlkamp, although they University, labeled th e note on a c halkboard , campus," she remarked. would still remain strictly a 
foBowed, a. Betty painfully order of the '50s motorcycle take him home tonight?" - "prequel") to George Roy Hill 's be a take off on A Touch of would eventually pursue the fraternity 's -effect upon the programing organization, 
unfolded a tale of teen love movie The Wild Onei. apparently of Jackson's own successful Butch Cauidy and Oall with both films using possibility of a frat house. morale of students as a main Ch II R Spielman said, with members 
thwarted by parental "Is she really going out with invention.) Unsurprisingly, it lheSundanceKid,andit looks Glenda Jackson and George New members must pay an concern,fearingthepossibility ance or eview being free to belong to the 
displeasure and abruptly ended him?" is possibly the phraae makes for a great hook; at the outlaws as young men. Segal as misfit lovers. The initial $25 pledging fee and a of selective exclusion. He fraternity or to both, said 
by her boyfriend's death most instantly identified with , however, the remainder of the William Goldman allain writes advance promotions suggest $90 initiation fee at the time of wonders if there might be a need Spielman. 
(suicide?) in a fiery motorcycle pop camp (a close runner· up is song fails to impress - it's the script but Richard Lester the film favors sight gags and official chapter recognition . to "take steps to police (Continued from page 1) Lakoff said . d 
crash on a "rainy, rainy night." "What color are his eyes?" - everything "New Rose" isn't: takes ~il the directing. lester, that Segal and Jackson will Dahlkamp said these fees make adherence to non-discrimina· concerns," Saxon said. UCSD physics professor SOAP is coor inating a 
Betty had to endure not only her from the Shangs' "Give Him A It's slick and civilized - and with his exuberant style, should have to take a lot of pratfalls. up the total source of capital for tion." Lakoff , who voted against William Frazer, chairman of the "rush" for the beginning of next 
'Own feeli:c of guilt, but also the Great Big Kiss"), an association BORING, as well. kee p the fi 1m properly The film opens at Fashion. the national structure of Sig Ep, Commissioner of Student h ' h' h th statewl'de academl'c senate, said YCear in conjunctio

f 
n pwith the 

. ed b h D ned J J k bei d f W If J h B kk f kl t e mohon W IC set up e ommissioner 0 rogram· uncompre nding attitudes of recogmz y I e am ,one oe ac son is . °ng viewe lighthearted. Butch and After losing a bout with A portion of the national ees e are 0 n e en ran y senate review process, said the two review processes "fit ' '' B B' " 
her peers: "I felt so helpless/ of the first British punk bands. by some as the first in a possible Sundance will now bear enough comedy, Clint Eastwood returns are set aside for houses, said states, "I will challenge them ,if yesterday it mighltend to make together ." "We (the Assembly) ming 5 izarre, barrel a 
What could I do?! Re - They used it as the first line of long line of £Jvis Costello resemblance to the oriainals to to action adventures wl'th Dahlkamp. they register as a student UC h II " wanted to have a part of the program with exhi its rom 

mbe II th he, liN R" rd I he ' h Ie J'" UC " Th , the c ance ors worry too various student organizations. ~_ ring a I e things we'd twhilrhsong lewsed°~'19a7rec7 °nd cthe°neCs; 15 muc d ss. ust has maintain continuity between the Escape to Alcalraz. The film is Until two years ago orlgambza
l 
bon 'b ey are hnot much about placating all the review process that involved the As far as fraternities go "it 

veen throu.~h/ n school they all . c wsid~sreedea th In h JiBed al rlModstriPpeL do(wn I e films. The film opens at Center based on a true incident and it San ta Ba rba r a had Sno ed i g i e e cha ubs ~ tf e y various constituencies." senates to a greater degree ," J'ust has not gotten off the atop and stare/ I can't hide my IS con er e sort· ·v ongina ern overs among ,3 Cinemas. should please Eastwood fans fraternities. This year their ig iscriminate on t e aSls 0 sex. Frazer said. SO 
tears! I J'ust don't carel I'D never group's finest hour (although it's others) in assembling their who were dl'sappol'nted WJ'th his Ep fraternity was the recipient of It is falsifying women," The threat of a negative S d h bl ground" das fadr Sas I AP"Ais Ie th thr I) Bekk I b I d f 0 0 0 h axon an t e assem y were concerne sal pIe man, lorget him ... " sa an ee minutes ong. catchy, pseudo-art sound, Jl\mes Bond is another Every Which Way But Loose. a nationally financed house , en a e e ratermhes as review mig t prevent some th 

"Leader of the Pack" is the The phrase doesn't really have Jackson seems intent on ripping character returning this Eastwood's latest opens at according to Dahlkamp. a means of diverting energy chancellors from making in "co,r;ntete agde:;dent on is fraternity is a pretty serious 
_na_me ____ o_f __ th_e ___ so~ng~,~a~J~d_f ___ a_n_y_th_in_g __ to __ d_o __ WJ_'t_h_t_he __ so_n~g~'_s-______ ~(~P~~==se~ turnmpage~9L)~s~u~m~~e!r~.~~~o!o~n~ra~k~e~r~~t~h~e __ ~U~T~C~'~ __________________ ~J-_______ T~h~e~se~c~o~n~d~la~r~g=es~t~f~ra~t=e~rn~it~y __ ~f~ro~m~_'~'s~o~c~ia~I~I~~o~d~uc~t~iv~e~~d~i~ff~ic~u~lt~,~~~~la~r-=d=ec=i~si=o~ns~, ___ p_o_in_t, ___ r_a_ze_r_a _____ ' ____________ ~P_I_e_a_se __ tu_rn ___ to~~ __ ~ 

~SWAP-A-TAPE CENTER 
tapes $2A9 each d s ,a\len) 
Ip's $1.00 each ('to e 
272~234 

(. , :,~. J I .. : ,O~\;'!l 
open 10-6, Mon-Sat 939 Turquoise Street 

Pacific Beach 
(one block east 0' Million Blvd) 

James Bond 
007 

GOLDFINGER 
and 
DR. NO 
ACTION AT ITS ANEST 
A DOUBlE FEA lURE 

TONIGHT AH) SAnnDAY 
AT 7:00 PM 
USB 2722 $1.50 eox OfFICE 

THE DOCUMENTARY 

FUTURE SURVIVAl 
NARRATED BY CHUCK SMITH 

A PROPHETIC PIIEWW OF THE WORlD'S FUTUREI 
Gas shoItage - who's fault? troubled economy? 

~ are scientists trying to get our attention? 

FRIDAY JUNE • PM 
usa 2722 AUDITOIIIUM • ucso 

.&i.1 

GRADUATION 

$11.95 

$14.95 
La Jolla Village Florists 
In University Towne Centre 
acroll from the Sears Garden Shop 
453-5022 

Third College and Warren College 
Continuing Students: 

if you have not yet applied for financial aid for 1979-80, Of if 
your application is still incomplete, it Is not too latel 

Turn in your application, The longer you walt the less 
likely it is you will get funds. 

'A great haircut is one 
that needs no fuss ... 
GINO 
AT THE HAIR PALACE 

DOES JUST THAT 
Creative Hair Design For Women and Men 

only 810 with this ad 
includes shampoo, scissor cut, 

and blow dry 
personal consultations and precision 

cuts that arc just ri,ht for you ... 
863 Hornblcnd Pacific Beach 488-5676 



PaceS The Daily Guardian Thun., June 7, 1979 

New Freshman Unready For Rigors 
By Teresa Tokar 

SWfWriter 
Many high IChooi jraduates 

today enter UCSD with 
subltantial deficiencies in 
academic skills, which hamper 
their ICholastic perfonnance in 
colege, according to instructors 
and academic advisors at 
UCSD and local high 
IChools. 

Many Have Academic Deficiencies crying" of students and resist lowering their academic 
standard for them. "When 
students demand to be taught 

Eric Watkins, director of the 
Muir Composition Program, 
said that most students in the 
wriIint COWles "don't seem to 
know how to analyze well, and 
they don't know what kinds of 
tIanp they need to support their 
own opinion. Some don't know 
how to think very dearly, or 
how to expreu their ideal 
clearly." 

mathematics , said many 
students "don't have sufficient 
ereparation in Algebra and 
Trigonometry," either because . 
the student neglected to take the 
neceaaary math courses in high 
school, or received inadequate 
instruction in their high school 
math courses. 

"10 Calculus, we oIten have 
to stop and explain a concept 
which the student should have 
learned in high school," he said. 
Theiss explained that 10 years 
ago, the UCSD Math 
department offerings began 
with Calculus courses, but now 
offerl claues in Algebra and 

" ••• we ohen have to .top and explain a 
concept which tlae .tudent .hould have 
I.mecl in high .chool. " 

RonaId Lauer, who has been 
academic advisor at both San 
Diego and Morse High Schooll, 
has learned tlvaugh talIcing with 
alumni of these IChoois that 
their reading and writing skills 
were inadequate for many types 
01 colege work. "1neir writing 
was just not polished enough to 
suit the universities," he said. 

Frank Thieu, profeuor of 

Trigonometry as well. "These 
are really high ICl100l courses 
that we had to initiate," he said. 

Of the Itudents in his class, 
Thiesl said that their pre·coUege 
training "seems to be in doing 
mathematical manipulation 
rather than ooderltanding the 
thought procelles that underlie 
the manipulations. It's easier to 
teach people how to 'plug into 

Diogenes Can Rest 

formulas' and derive the right 
answers than to teach the 
thought process." A major 
problem Thess has noticed in 
his students is "a weakness in 
rational thinking.v 

Some feel that the factor s 
responsible for the deficiencies 
in the learning skills of college 
frel hmen may stem from our 
media·oriented society. Third 
College A cademic Advisor 
Janet Lynn said, "I think the 
whole focus has shifted /rom the 
written word to the spoken 
word. The format has changed 
from the traditional (writing), to 
the visual (i,e. television). 
Students are not reading as 
much and required to write as 
much." 

Lynn also said the spelling on 
many .. tudent petitions and 
appeals is "absolutely 
atrocious. " 

"Our society does not 
encourage people to think 
dearly," said Watkins. He 
explained that advertisements 
don't encourage people to think, 
but to " bypass their rational 
capabilities, and then to respond 
or r.eact." 

Watkins added, "we like 
things done Quickly . We get 

annoyed at people who take well, they'll be taught well ," he 
time to stop and consider and said. 
get things done slowly. To think Muir College Coordinator 
clearly and to the point about and Advisor Kay Reynolds . 
something, people must reject said, " many of our new 

' the idea that they have to act freshmen indicate to us thallhey 
spontaneously." don't take challenging courses 

Others feel that the schools .during their senior year;" it is 
are to blame for not adequately "more social." 
preparing students for college. She added that consequently, 
Thiess feels that most UCSD most freshmen have problems 

" .. . many students are just outright lazy 
and don't want to work. Teachers slack 
011 and don't get much response, so they 

t ' ,. expec .ess. 
students are as interested in with time management. "They 
math as their predecessors, but cannot set priorities," she said. 
that, "on the average, they're 
leu well prepared than before. " 
Ezell commented, "by and 
large, the high schools don't 
stimulate the students." 

Many edocatorl feel that the 
students themselves are at least 
partially responsible for their 
own education, or the lack of it. 
Lauer said, "many students are 
just outright lazy and don't want 
to work. Teachers slack off and 
don't get much response, so 
they expect less." 

He feels that teachers should 
ignore "the whimpering and the 

Study habits are also 
decaying, according to Revelle 
College Assistan t Provost 
Hazel Alksnis . She explained 
that a very intelligent student is 
able to earn good grades in high 
school by doing a "minimal 
amount of homework," but that 
at UCSD, everyone, regardless 
of intellectual capabilities, must 
study rigorously to earn good 
grades. Consequently, such an 
intelligent student will olten 
falter here because of the 
deficiencies in his study habits. 

He Loses Shirt for ·Students ErratuDl FRIDAY 
By HeatherbeU Fang 

Staff Writ_ 
Her eM h.d been lowed in 

from the freeway. 1ney told the 
UCSD student to expect the 
worst. .. if it needed a new engine 
she would be stuck for $800. 
The mecha nic who checked the 
car found the gal tank empty: 
two dolara of gal was all the car 
needed. However, the owner of 
the garage called her and said 
she was locky. AU she needed 
was a new engine head. She 
could pick the car up in two 
weeks. He would charge her 
on~ $225 for the job. 

The mechanic quit on 
payday, deciding later to go into 
his own business. He would take 
only UCSD students as 
customers. 

"I am more happy helping 
students, because they deserve 
mOlt help," said Ricky Husain, 
owner of Overseas Automotive 
Repairs in La Jolla. 

.. A student needs a car but 
doeln't have much money," 
said one of Husain's customers, 
Kent Shive!r. Shively first took 
his car to Husain for a minor 
problem that was ·fixed at no 
charge. The next job was 
bigger. When he got the bill he 
noticed that although the total 
was $460, parts came to $390. 

" I should have charged him 
$200 for labor but I knew he 
couldn't afford it," said Husain. 
Shively said the car is "running 
excellently" now. 

For the month of May this 
year, Husain'. net loss was 
$2,465.33. He said that he is 
"losing money but building up 
clientele. " 

In the seven months since he 
went into business, Husain said, 
he has had about $1 ,700 worth 
of bad checks Irom Itudents. He 
was calm about the high default 
rate. "I know how it is to be a 
student," he remarked. 

Husain left his home in 
Pakistan because he did not like 
the way his parents' 35 lervants 
were treated . He completed his 
edocation in Vienna, receiving a 
Master's in fJectrical and 
Mechanical Engineering. 

From there he went to Japan 
and worked for Toyota and 
Nissan. "You know the Datsun 

Chamber Music Series 
proudly announces its 

1979-1 980 Season 
Guarneri Strina Quartet 
November 3, Saturday 

Juilliard Stri Quartet 
January 2~uesday 

Meloa Quartet 
March 15, Saturday 

"'" pe,formenee. 
et 8:00 p.m In lhe 

M8ndevtlle "'udito,ium 
TIC~etl ---------

,. .... ,. (O,enet',e) $34.00 
8·M (M81n FlOOr) m .oo 

IRe • .,..ell,on. e,e being ecc:ep18d II UC SIn Oiego 
'-'----~ Ollie. Tueaday·FNdey. 10 Im-6 pm 452.4558 

B·2IO? asked HUlain. "I 
designed about three-quarters 
01 that car." • . 

Offered a job at General 
Motors, Husain lived for a 
couple of months in Detroit. He 
quit becaule of the climate, he 
said. He came here "jUst to see 
Calilomia," and decided to 

1.4pn - TGIO - The 
Torrey Pines String Band 
(current hit at Quinn's Pub) 
will perform. Free beer (bring 
JD) Coke, Tab, Popcorn, 
Pizza, 50~ . Come join the foo. 
Sponsored by Page One and 
Muir College at the Lower 
Muir Commons. 

6:30pm - Oneg Shabbal. 
Well this is it folks, your 
absolutely last chance to come 
to a UJS Oneg this year. If you 
don ' t come you ' ll be 
wondering all summer about 
what we did there. Vegi 
potIock. North Conference 
Room, Student Center. 

7 & IOpm - The movie 
Coma is being shown by the 
Student Health Information 
Program. $1 .50 admission; 
$1 .00 if you fill out the student 
survey. TLH 107 

8 pm - Graduation party 
for UCSD. 

FREE TUESDAY FLING 
at Taco Bell La Jolla 

May 29-June 26 

~----------------------I I 1his coupon entities the bearer to either a bean I 
I burrito, bean tostado, Of pintos and cheese w lth ' l 
I any food purchase mode on Moy'l9,June5,June I 
I 12, June 19, Of. June 26, 1979. I 
"-FREE - COUPON - FREE-..I 

Only redeemable at 
Taeo Bell La Jolla 

7345 La Jolla Boulevard 

save these coupons 
for your T~sday treatl 

Thurs., June 7, 1979 The Daily Guardian Page 9 

Department Standards for T A Sampled 
By ~a~~~~t~on Expectations, Performance Checked :!l~dE~:~~:ti~~t:';e~i;~i::~ 

Have you ever wondered requirements which must be 
what qualified a T.A. to a ttempt omplaints in the past five or six undergraduate T.A's,who are "because 99% of the literature fulfilled, depending on what 
to bring clarity to murky yea rs." Wills also commented in charge of the sections. The graduate students go on to year they are in. 
lectures or comb tangles from that he is "distressed " about the professor, graduate T.A., and become coll ege teachers." Drama 
assigned material? T .A .'s have lack of student feedback. Most undergraduate T .A .'s meet The Literature ·r. A .'s are Drama T .A.'s are allocated 
assumed an important role at of us rely on the CAPE reports," once weekly . required to go to lectures and on the basis of need for 
U C SO; many perform a ll the he concluded . Problems wit h T . A .' s are not confer with the professor once a un d erg r ad u ate cI ass e s, 
tutorial , a nd grading functions Plychology frequent in the Psychology week. Many professors go to according to Dr. Michael 
which are so essentia l in All graduate students have to d partment although they do section and look at papers to Addison, drama department 
determing gra d e point serve as a T.A. in one course exist. A ccording to Fantino , make sure the grading is being chairman. The T.A.'s are all 
averages . each year, said Dr. Edmund T .A.'s often don't go to lectures done properly, according to graduate students and because 

Each deparment at UCSD Fantino, the psycho lo gy and when students ask specifi Wright. there is a limited number of 
has a set of requirements that a department's graduate advisor. ques tions about what happened " Wed 0 n' t of te n get drama graduate students, there 
pote ntial teac hing assista nt There are no departmental rules in class, the T.A. isn't prepared. comments or complaints," he is usually a shortage. In spite of 
must fulfill. The requirements co nce rning unde rgraduate He or she won 't answer the said , "but if a student has a this , said Addison, there is a n 
are geared to the individua l T.A.'s in the Psyc'hology question or says "you don't problem that can't be resolved attempt to match the T.A. with 
department, and supposedly department, although they are need to know that ," when with the T.A, the professor will the individua l class. 
reflect the needs of the students required to have ta ken the actually the student may be generally say, " I' ll read a ll the Vilual Arts 
in the department's classes. course and received a n A. responsible for the material. papers that you've written, and A T.A in the Visual Arts 

A general survey was made Acco rding to Fa ntino , Literature if I think you deserve the better department must be a graduate 
of six departments. An effort graduate T .A .'s have contact Only Ph.D. candidates in grade, we'll see." student <tnd have at least a 3 .0 
was mad e to include a with the professor almost daily , lit e rature are presumed Math grade point average, according 
crossection of the largest especially in a lab course. In a competentto be T .A .'s, said Dr. A cco rdin g to Associate to Sally Walls, the deparbnent's 
departments and those in which lower division class such as Andrew Wright, a professor in Professor AI Manaster, Math financial coordinator. Each 
the T.A.'s have heavy grading Psychology 1. one graduate the literature department. "lbis T.A.'s a re hired on the basis of graduate student is oUered three 
responsibility . T .A . is in charge of the is a requirement," he continud, . their academic record , and their quarters of teaching. 

Biology 
According to Dr. Ctvistopher 

Wills, chairman of the biology 
department ' s graduate 
committee, all graduate Biology 
students are required to teach 
one quarter a year after their 
first year. In addition to this, 
T . A .' s a re drawn from 
undergraduates who had the 
course the previous year and did 
exceptionally well. Wills 
comme nted that these students 
make the best T .A .'s because 
gradua te stude nts may not have 
had the course a t a ll. 

Greek Houses May be Coming 
(Continued from page 7) 
thing, it is a commitment." 

A ccording to OUP 
presid e nt Bob Carli n , 
"brotherhood is pa rt of growing 
up. " He explained , "Fraternities 
bring people toge ther. It takes a 

lot of work and a lot of time but I 
have never seen a bunch of guys 
closer than at a frat house. " 

Carlin worries, though , that 
UC 0 is too academically 
inclined to accept fraternities . 
"It is apa thy over every think ," 

remarked Carlin. 
Carlin. " Peopl just don 't know 

what a fraternity is. They all 
think it's Animal House'." 

Although professors do not 
choose their T.A.'s, they do 
have the right to veto a nyone 
they have been assigned . 
Graduate T.A 's are assign d 
on the ba is of their interest 
whi le undergrad ua tes are 
contacted when needed . For 
undergraduate to become a 
T.A. he or she should talk to the 
professor of the class of their 
choice. 

Success for Jackson is 
Insult to Art, Memories 

" Drinking a nd 'Animal 
House' do go on," said 
Dahlkamp, "but it is just part of 
fraternities. " Community 
involvement is another asp ct of 
fra ternities , I~explained . 

The symbllP of Sig Ep i the 
heart. They participate in the 
March of Dimes walkathon and 
annually r<lise money for the 
national heart fund , used for 
h ar t dis ase research. 

fees a lways comes up. Many 
peopl including Armitage and 
Blake Waltrip, president of 
SWAT, a Revelle programing 
organization, winces at the 
thought of allocating student 
registration fees for fraterni ties. 
" Fraternities should not get 
student funds ," said Waltrip, 
"they do not ca ter to a ll the 
students needs." 

Waltrip opposes a "monopo· 
ly" on tudent organizations but 
fears that fraternities might 
"fizzle out th productivity 01 
studen t organiza tions. " 

Apparently, Biology T .A .'s 
are ge nerally very good 
because Wills has not heard 
" more than one or two 

--JOB-
HUNTING? 

(Continued from page 6) 
oil Costello in crea ting his own 
"style ," filtering out the more 
ollensive elements of Elvis ' 
music and leaving himself with a 
mild sense of animosity (to 
satis fy the new wave contingent 
_ of which,he is supposedly a 

part), a couple of decent hooh 
(to sa tisfy the masses) and lillIe 
else. 

Unless you have the right 
tools and know where to 
look, good jobs are hard 
to find. 

CAREER 
VISIONS, INC. 
571-8464 -------

~""" The UCSD Contraceptive Counseling and Education Clinic 
will be open THIS SUMMER and will be staffed by Student 
Nurse Practitioners from University Hospital. ' 

COMPLETE GYNECOLOGICAL EXAMS 
(pap smear, pelvic & breast exam) 
8c BIRTH CONTROL SERVICES 
AVAIlABLE. 

COST: examination NO CHARGE 
Pag smear (Required) $4.00 
Birth Control Supplies Extra 

FOR AN APPOINTMENT CALL: 452-2669 (after July 6,catl: 452-3300 Instead) 

Joe Jackson shoold not really 
be mentioned in the same 
sentence as Elvis Cost 110 
(much less the Shangri ·Las), 
and if J ackson becomes as 
successful as ei ther - and there 
is a good chance he will - it 
would be a n insult both to 
Costello's considerable artis try 
and to the S hangri . Las ' 
cherished memory. 

Sig p is financially 
selfsuflicient, operating nfrom 
alumni rontributions, a long with 
pledging a nd initiation fees. 
Individual fraternities a lso levy 
a $ 10· 15 "social fee" per mon th 
to cover dances, dinners and 
informal gatherings. 

But the question 01 student 

•••••• coupon ...... ••••• couPOn 

F ratermlles are an "elitis t 
organization which supports 
itsell finan ially" in contrast to 
SWAT which is open to all 
tudents and relies on the AS for 

funding a nd faci lities if UCSD 
provides fraternity housing, he 
added. 

I ~'-~. Oil i i ~ Change i 
:: COMPLIMENTAR 

i $5 CHECK 
:: G WITH OUA TUNE·UP SPECtAL • 

= Olven with eec:h •• rvlce per. • ! lormed lor tutu,. ,.".1,.. G • 
•••••••••••••••••••• 

•••••• coupon •••••••••• -coupon ••••• 
• G· • • 

•••••••••••••••••••• 

• TUNE·UP SPECIAL • I 0 • G • 
· - . : vw ~~~~~~1~~s'~"r8uSlS 27.95 i . DRUM RAKE SPECIAL :: 
• . ' WE Will R'pll" , II • • VW lyp, III 1 •• 1 IOI.Cllon 33 95. • . ,,_ - II _ , • 
.......... Re9 S60I EJecl"d'ng 1 44 95.. ' -- • and dual tarb . . • ~ IIKkIrCWlt .... ,... • 
._IHII 'oneb ,oan" '$. and 810 . • •• ' : FOR YOUR I • 
• All parts and labor gUllanteeo lor 2 mos. or . ." (..... ) ............................ 45.15 • 
• 2000 mlle$ I Une-1.Ip 101 your VW or Datsum _ . • LA.._ OR I.U M • 
• includeS: plugs. potnts. CompresSlOll tHl. ad.. ..,.... _ si4) ................ ....... ~ • 
• Just Clrbur.tor clan distrlllutOl ~~eck""~ .. .. LL P_Ta .. LA_ • 
• Id ~.- • ,, ""'l' . I - MYD .. UUC. IlteLUD.D • wires. Just v ......... Nt dwell ~nd limon9. oil .U ...... T •• D • • D • • I.OOO 
• change. gut.1I1 od liIIer. • ..... • 
•••••••••••••••••••• ••• • ••••••••• ""!ii~~ 'Y1"." "'" EXPIRES 7-31-79 

INDEPENDENT DATSUN. VOLKSWAGEN 
PAATI • AIPAIA • SEAVICI 

· 4887 VOLTAIAE ST. 4600 EL CAJON BLVD. 
I .:: '\l OCEAN BEACH EAST SAN DIEGO 
-.... , ~ 225-0183 213·2271 



Page 10 

e o 

The Daily Guardian Thurs.~ June 7, 1979 

o 

Casually 
Sophisticated 

--

"World's Most Unique Pizza" 
Lunch • Dinner 

Takeout, too! 
1-5 or Coast Highway to Carmel 
Valle y Road then west 1/2 mile. 
----------------------------------~ 2501 OFF 0 with this coupon I : 10 d0 0 0'1 ?,'/.'V offer expires 6/ 16/79 : 
. ----.--------------------~ -----------

OPEN 
LATE 
• Spaghetti 
• Pizza 
• Bountiful 

Sandwiches 
• Beer 
• Wine 

2212' Carmel Valley Road. Del Mar • 755-6778 

: . .. 

Thurs., June 7, 1979 . 

Classifieds 
e 

SERVICES 
MOVEMENT EX ... SS .. ~I move you -
Stud_ not .. oHered . .. ~3·,611. (6/8) 

Mad. 10 ord.. rub..... stomps. Stomp 
anythiflll 4.52·9761 S 1.25 pet' line .922 Mt. 
An ..... SO 92111 (6/ 81 
For 011 "ude"" f.d up with this Khool year! 
Rela. ! Jam .. Bond will blow away your 
t.Mion. 6· 7 and 6-9 . 

Do you want to do someth ing special for 
that penon you've been thinking about? 
Toke th.m to 007.6-719. 

Fl ~ HOME Pilot will Hy anywh ..... anytime 
to get more flying tim • . Shore •• pen .... 
Paul 4.83- I 94.7 (6/8) 
Summer Health In ~urance i1 ava ilable at 
Sludent Health Center. Don' l forget to 
enroll. 

If you ore going to point houses etc . this 
sum mer and need another pointer coli Salty 
.55-55.7. (6/ 7) 

Mo .... ing to SF? 10m and would like to :shore 
Iruck rental. Will leave SO 6/1 9. Call Ann 
279·3866 eve •. (6/ 8) 
Typing IBM Term Papers Thes .. , .tc. 
_ .... onabi. ral.. . Mr>, Old. ~55-0127. 
(6/ 8) 
Expert editing ·typing : The.es. report •. et 01 .. 
IBM Mag II Memory Equ ip. VILLAGE 
SECRETARIAT ~54.· 9061. (6/ 8 ) 
TYPING : IBM Correcl ing Selectric . 
Rea.onoble role •. Uniyersity City. Day , 4.5 2· 
424 .. ; Evening. 453·4966. A.k for Jane. 
(6/ 8) 

CLEAR YOUR LOCKERS 

Ropid , accurat. Je"etarial ,.,yic • . 
Manuscrip". tt.", ... IBM - all type style< 

aya~abi • . 566-989~. (6/ 8 ) 
For the summer -- experienced. patient tutor 
in moth . fortran . 8A. MS in moth. $5 hour. 
Craig. <46) ·8296 aft.r 6. (6/ 8) 

Typing - Whatever YOU'y. got. ch_p. 
•• perienced proof.,. Call Cathy 273-8371 . 
(6/ 8) 

Typing - Mor~n would like to fulfill your 
typing n.eds - o.pert. r.asonobi.. has 
11M; coil V()'6728. (6/ 8) 
JENNY'S HOME TYPING: Term pop.". 
manuKr ipt •• th ..... 111M S.!ectric 225-1 «9 
days and ""e,. (6/8) 

TYPING: IBM. T ... m Papers, Di".rtotion •• 
Th .. e •• RUSH J08S. 4~3-0656. '60-8171 . 
4.52· 1588. (6/8) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The UCSD Hunger Proied i, ,elting up 
committees for the next school yeor: 
communications, special events, publicity, 
Q(odemic commiHee. If you ore interes ted 
in leading or shoring the responsibi-
lity call : Dori, 452·8616 or Ann 45.· 
26 I 5 .,.. Dove <455-6580. 
5100 reword for the return of Q lost? 
orange 8ATAVUS moped. Call 453· 
1805. (6/ 8) 
Dear Friend: Meet me at the Student Health 

Cen!~r. Obiect: Summer Health Insuronce 
coverage. 
La.t Chance! CO'ch Dr. No and Goldfingor 
Sot . Nite. Jam .. Bond 007 will wind up 78· 
79 in style! 

All students must cleor theiT lockers and all recreat ion 
cardholders must clear or renew their lockers by JUNE 15. 1979. 
9:00 pm. To clear, lock and tONel must be returned to 
Equipment Room. Failure to do so will result in $5.00 fine. 

Equipment Room open for clearance or renewal: 

Monday- Friday: 7:30am - 9:00pm 
Weekends: 12:00n - 6:00pm 

Pledge xx. 
The only prerequisite for joining the XX 

Fraternity is an appreciation for the strong 
character of real beer. The rich, distinctive 

taste, unique color and freshness you won' t 
lind in any other import. And a light, natural 

carbonation that won't fill you up. 
Join the uncommon fraternity. Discover 
Dos Equis. The uncommon import that 

stands out from the crowd. Just like you . 

DOS EQUI5 
the ...... ,.,.., inport. 

The Daily Guardian 

Do you wan ' to do some.h ing special for 
thot penon you1ye been th inking about? 
Take them to 007.6· 7 

Reminder : Summer Heahh Insurance is not 
automatic. Enroll now at Student Heolth 
Cen •• r. 
Future Survi~al . a one-hour documentary 
Fri .. June8. 8 pm US8 2722, Admi .. ion Free. 
(6/ 8) 
Enjoy the crozy days of orientation again, 
See the 1975 das\ mo~ie Thurs. June 7 at 
WhyNol ~ere 9 pm. (6/ 7) 

Sale! 20% off on all book. Iii June 16 of 
Groundwork Book. in UCSD S.udonl Ctr. 
• 52· 4.242 . (6/ 8) 
Remember Ruth a nd Rutherford Revelle? 
See them again Thurs. night June 7 at 9 pm 
01 Why Nol ~ere. (6 / 7) 
R...,elle Seniors! See the mo¥ ie we mode ot 
orientc lion. Bring your friends to Why Not 

~ere June 7. 9 pm. (6 / 7) 

ltouSiNG 
Need t or 2 nonsmoking females for gen. 
highland. condo. Move in between June 17 
und July 10. Mu" know by June 10. 455· 
6412 ev.enings. 
Room tor rent in condo with pool neor UTe. 
Prefer Jun.. Sen.. or Grad. femole. 
nommoker. Coli Nina 453·4574. (6 / 8) 
Own room '79·'80 nhool yr '0 M/ F 
nonsmoker. Very nICe new Del Mar house 
near beach . $155 , Rich 48) · 
8087. 
for mature student. Bedroom. p riva te both. 
kitchen Q uiel Near Bus. Blld Rock 
References needed . 459·7081. (6 7) 

SUMMER JOBS 

FULL TIME 
PLENTY OF WORK 

PHONE 
275-2663 

n L.u . "TRA TION 

~ou.. 10 ,hare $ 150 00 / Solana 
8eo<h/ 755·7230. Nee< th e beach and ana 
bus line. laundry focilitiM . Utilit iM 
includod. 

Femole roommate wonted for Clmt opt. 120 
mo. plu. utiliti .. , furni.hed . Call Tyo. 277· 
5360. (6/ 8) 

M nonsmok.r willing to shore rool"l"l Condo 
18th St . Del Mar. AyaiI9/l 8. Rent 160 mo 
plu, util. Chris 75""36. (6/ 8) 
0.1 Ma r household •• • ~ s .u mm.r 
hou.emote $110 a month plus utiliti •• aya il 
June 14.. 4.81 · 1836. (6/ 8) 

Fem rmmt to Sign 1 yr lease start 6-15 . Neat 
nonsmoker. Cond by UCSDoWll'n room, pool. 
Kalhy 455·6681. (6/ 8) 

2 housema tes needed . Pri~a te rooms in 3 
bedroom home holf- bloc~ from Windonseo 
5160 per month. 452·9.,7. (6/ 8) 
Room for rent coed. 4 bedroom house 
Cardiff , Fireplace. 3 blk, 10 beach. Call Don 
or Dono 753· 1405 (6/ 8) 

fOR SALE 
Bee Gee tickets for l.A. 6 tickets 53S 0 poir 
or 5100 for 011. 452·1"92. July 7. (6 / 8) 

Mino. 35El comera with case S 130, primo 
.urlsuit new $65. Jeff 755-3868 eve •. 
69 Mach I Mu.tang good condo AM· 
FM canetle 35 I Cle.lond S 1350 or be.t 
offer. 452·3126 or 560-7402 home 11 p.m, 
(6/ 8) 
75 Handa CB4oo·4 XlNT (and .• ,Ira. 5600 
Or be.t offer. 452·3126 or 560-7402 (home) 
after 11 p.m. fairing inelud . (6/ 8) 

Page 11 

Grea' Book. of W .. ,ern World. 5~ Vol. plu. 
2 .yntopicon and 9 athervol. $80 (71 " ) "3S· 
64.27. (6/ 7) 

Very (amfa~abie single bed - bo. spring 
& mattr ... ayail. June 14.. Sa<rifice at 25$ 
"'·7396. (6/ 8) 

Oboe. Ben W 01. bcell.", in.tru .... nt in 
pe r foct condition. Sacrifice $32' ,00. 
ph .• 53·62.2. (6/ 8) 

Datsun 7.1610.". cand .• new tir .... hock •• 
bfak ... AM/ FM ' · track. S2.6OO or off .. : 
4.53-0127. (6/ 8) 
St. 8ernord 1/2 hu"'ey vory lovable. 
Adorable kitton. 2 mo •. FREE ~'3·2920 . 
(6/ 8) 

WANTEd 
Earn S - Men. all" 18-40. n.ed.d for 
p.ych •• periments in La Jolla. PI ..... call 
4.52·.750 & I.ave name. (6/ 8) 
CREATIVE WRITERS: Le.'. meet informally 
'his summer. Once Q week at my houie 
or???? Suzanne 222·78-4(\ (,.,~, 

Roommate for Wa\h DC condo - own room 
- o ir cond - pool - tennis - S90/ month 
lor , ummer - De.perol. - Jim 455·1996. 

TRAVEL 
Driving to the airport Friday afternoon? I'll 
pay half the go. in e.chonge for a "de. 
Doye 4.53·3199. 

Trovel Protected! Enroll in the Summer 
Heolth Inluronce Plon··ot the SI",dent 
Health Center 

Roger Revelle 
for 

CHANCELLOR 

.......... OOid odIIerti~I •••••••••• 

~® @!!-') 
r 

P.O. &OX 11066 
SAN- PIf:60, CA. ~Z117 
'-n-r9 ~---" 

FULL ~ MEMBERSHIP 
$12 .00 UNTIL ' 6/30/79 

CITY ISTATE ____ ZIP __ _ 

TH", t'.EI'Tp' etlS •• ,,, 
CWfI€S$ I~ ~£­

R£G/STRATION 
( 4", " GOOD SET 0 ' MU~£ LIE MAf>S!) 



Page 12 The Daily Guardian 

As Coke Girl 

Coed Known to Millions 
By Marc Petrie 

The face of Tracy Peters, a 
UCSD freshman, is known to 
millions, yet not many of her 
fellow students recognize her as 
she walks around campus. She 
is the "Coca-Cola girl" in Japan ..... 

Peters has modelled and 
filmed commercials for Coca· 
Cola of Japan since 1977. 

"They chose me because 
they wanted the California 
look," she says. She got the job 
on herfirst interview as a model . 
"I guess I was lucky." 

All her featured photos 
assc!'i(-.te her with sports. "They 
show me walking on the beach 
with a surfboard, ready to enter 
the water or on a cliff, preparing 
to hang-glide." . 

nervous. But, the same crew 
has worked with her for two 
years, and she likes the photo 
sessions now. "We're like one 
big family. Most of the crew is 
Japanese, but some members 
are American," she says. 

Cultural or linguistic barriers 
are not a problem, she says. 
Since working with the crew, the 
young model has learned some 
Japanese. Also, an interpretor 
is always available on the set. 

Peters is featured on cut-out 
doUs , posters , and matchbooks 
in her Japanese advertisements. 
" It feels weird to see me on the 
posters," she said , "as if 
someone took my face and put it 
on another body." 

Peters would like to work in 
television. She, was offered a 
part, but the deal fell through. "I 
would have had to move to 
Hawaii ," she says. "Also, I 
would have left high school and 
broken up my famay since I was 
under-aged and would have 
n e eded a guardian to 
accompany me." 

Rec ently , Peter s was 
interviewed on KPOL radio in 
Los Angeles, and during the 
summer Teen magazine will 
run an indepth interview withthe 
seventeen-year-old model. 

Rea ctions to her success from 
her friends have been favorable , 
but she says some acquain-
tances have taken advantage of 
her success. Some even 
introduce themselves a s her 
friends when applying at 
modeling agencies. 

Thurs., June 7, 1975 

The sponsors are nervous 
about their representative . 
"They call me the 'Coke Klutz,' 
she says. She got this nickname 
when .he tripped over her 
flipper. as she walked along the 
beach in Hawaii . When 
working, she is not allowed to 
surf or hang-glide. "They're 
afraid I'D break a leg." 

When she started, she was 

Fame has brought some 
unusual problems. " People 
come up to me and ask me if I 
really like Coca-Cola," Peters 
said. She also gets fan mail , and 
has about ten Japanese men 
who write her on a regular basis. 
She answers all fan mail herself. 
"They're writing from so far 
away, and it seems like they're 
writing to someone else," she 
says. 

Burger King , Shaklees', and 
Kelloggs all feature her in 
advertisements . When her 
contract with Coca-Cola runs 
out in 1980, she's unsure of her 
future . "If they offer me another 
job, J'II stay with them. If not, J'II 
move. along to other things." 

Guardian photo by Mall Ciedl 
UCSD freshman Tracy' Peters is the "Coca-~ola Gi'rl" in Japan. 

? 
• 

WE ARE 

San Diego's 
answer to their cry for low prices on stereo equipment. 

Always fantastic prices ~n records and tapes. 
If you're. buying your first or last stereo system -

we have the answers and equipment to 
satisfy your needs. 

PROFESSIONAL PEOPLE - GREAT PRICES 
with 2 locations to serve you 

............................... , ..........•................... 
Bri~g this coupon in : This coupon entitles you to an extra 

and save $1.00 
on any regularly priced 

Ip or tape $5.47 or higher 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• 

10% discount 
on any of our already discounted 

hi fi gear 
• sale items excluded 

all sale items excluded must bring in • must bring in 
• 

coupon expires 6/ 30/ 79 h' 
coupon e xpires 6/ 30/ 79 this coupon • t IS coupon 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• Solana Beach Mira Mesa ~ Layaway Credit Tenn. Available 
481-1451 

.... 

W .. U 
..... Jl.FIO" 

&'1.10-1 
.... 11 .. 

tto.r.: M-F II·' 
Sat.. 10-1 
.... 11 .. 

John Muir 
Graduation 

10:30 AM 
June 17th. 1979 

Speakers: 
Dr. Jonas Salk 
Francoise Gllot 
''Diologue on Creativity'; 

Line up at 9:30 AM on the 
service road north of the 
Muir service rood. Bring a 
pen. Pick up caps and 
gowns at bookstore by 
June 7th. 

IDUCATIONAl 
aliT'" 

TlST ~"I~MATlOII 
I ... CIALIln IIIICI t •• 

Vi.it Our CeIIt". 
AIId Set For Your. If 

WIIr W ....... The Dlff.,,,,c. 
till D.y., Ev., • Weektlldl 

San Dievo Center 
2110 O.net Awe. 

Pecific 8uch 1210i 

Phone (71.) 27H11 • 


