
The Dail~ Guardian 
Volume 38, Nuniber 33 Univenity of California, San Diego Tuesday, November 6, 1979 

Del Mar Suing NeW Three Ways 
By Kathy Huffer 

Auoc:iate News Editor 
Del Mar city officials conceded that North City 

West will be built, but are stiD trying to downscale 
its development plans. 

The Del Mar city council announced last night 
plans to. bring suit against North City West, 
challenging the development on environmental, 
political and fiscal grounds. 

While legal plans do not call for a halt to 
development, stopping North City West could be a 
"by.product of our intent," Councilman Harvey 
Sweetwood said. 

Notice of the city's action will be filed with the 
San Diego Superior Court within the next two 
weeks, according to City Attorney Dwight 
Worden. 

The legal challenge claims that San Diego City 
Council members approved North City West 
partially. because of campaign contributions from 
developer •. 

The law.uit is also based on the subatantiaUy 
negative ' Envitonrriental Impact Report. Such 
impacts, which by law mu.t be mitigated before 
approval of housing developmenta, were not dealt 
with adequately, Mayor AI Tarkington laid. 

F'mally, the law.uit plan arguea that North City 
West will cost the City of Del Mar up to a 20 
percent net increase in general fund expenditures, 
a "substantial negative fiscal impact" on Del Mar, 
according to Tarkington. 

80Ih the Del Mar council and the Coalition for 
Responaible Planning, are also filing notice with 
the Environmental Protection Agency, charging 
San Diego with overburdening ita aeage plant in 

Del Mar Mayor AI Tarkin,toit I .. tnithtannounci ..... city'. 
legal_plans in the fi,ht to .top, or at Ieut cIecreue, the North 
Qty Weat developnent approved by San Dieio'. Councillaat 

violation of sewage permits. The suit .ugge.ts that 
San Diego is not prepared to handle the additional 
sewage demands of' North City Weat, Del Mar 
council members said. 

Court action in the EPA cannot be taken until 
60 days' notice, accroding to federal law. During 
this time, Del Mar councii members will decide 
whether to pursue court action in the EPA, 
Sweet wood IBid. 

The Del Mar council also announced the 
creation of a '1egal defense fund," which will be 
uaed to help finance legal COIta. 

Del Mar property owner Jim Garro officidy 
opened the fund Ja.t night, pledging $5,000 and 
urging othert to do the tame. -

Alhtough city official. will not eatimate how 
long their leral battle will last, the city hal aaved 
"h undred. 0 thOUlind. of dollars" for court action 
against North City Weat, Sweetwood said 
recendy. 

"We can safely say ten. of thousanda of 
dollars" will be needed to support Del Mar's court 
action, Tarkington said last night. 

Construction of North City West would be more 
fea.ible "after infillinK of San Diego in other 
areas," according to -Tarkington. 

The community, plarmed for 40,000 reaidents, 
will accommodate "ten times 81 many people at in 
Del Mar in only three time. 81 much land," 
Councilwoman Nancy Hoover laid. 

month. 

Saxon Takes New Job -
Will Work as Consultant -
For Ford Motor ·While 
Remaining UC President 

Unpaid Judge Discourses on 
Legal -Problems of th~ Poor 

David Saxon has a new job. 
He'l continue his work as the university's president, but he's 

also going to start working as a thrice·yearly consultant for the 
Ford Motor Company, that firm announced Ia.t week. 

There, he wiD receive several thousand doUars to work six 
day. a year with "five intemationaUy known scienti.ta to plan 
the direction of automobile research programs," especially 
where they relate to federal and social re.triction. on the 

, 

co!!!JHUlY: 
Though the San Francisco Chronicle, among others, 

reported that Saxon would be working for a co~ration 'in 
which UC holda a substantial amount of .tock, UC T rea.urer 
Herbert Gordon say. the univeraity sold all it. Ford stock last 
month "in a completely unrelated move." 

Gordon claims that the system hal been elirninating aU of its . 
Rock in auto companies becauae of a low dividend growth 
potenli4l. 

"We like com~aniea that return a lot on each dividend, more 
than inflation. IBM and drug companiea are good for that," 
Gordon I8Y'. 

The Regents approved the tale of their 149,000 Ford aharea 
($6 million worth) at it. meeting last October. 

W0rkin8 with Saxon, a phj'aicist when not an administrator, 
will be prolesson from Cal Tech and State University of New 
York at Stony Brook, and reaearchers at Bell Telephone and 
the lnatitute of Applied Thermodynamics in Germany. 

By Peter Mortenaen 
California Supreme Court Justice Frank 

Newman, apparently ~isturbed by the faCt that 
his pay has been withheld for two months, spoke 
here Ja.t night at an allembly honoring the 
centennial of the State Con.titution. 

"It'. true I'm not getting paid," commented 
Newman at the beginning of his address, adding, 
"If I'm not paid in very much lonffer, I will be 
joining the poor in potitical action. 

Ironically, the topic of Newman's 5peech was 
"The Constitution and the State's Many People.: 
Cultural and Ethnic Pluralism," mainly dealing 
with discrimination again.t the poor and 
minorities. 

Newman's appearance was part of a day·long 
Earl Warren Memorial Symposium .ponsored 
by Warren College and the UCSD History 
Department honoring the United State Supreme 
Court Juatice and the 1879 State Constitution. 

"The problems of discrimination are deeplr, 
aHected by the political procell in California, ' 
said Newman, setting the tone for his speech. 

"If we work harder, if we strengthen the words 
we have been talking about in the Con.titution, 
we are goin~ to make a better (equality) situation 
in the .tate. ' 

Newman also attacked lawyers who appear 
before hi. court. 

Lawyers appearing in the Supreme Court are 

Council, McElroy' May Confront at SAAC 
The Third College Council and 

Otancellor Walliam McElroy may 
confront each other tomorrow at a 
SAAC meeting over the college'. 

- propo.ed numerical minority 
enrollment goal •. 

The council unanimously pa.ted a 
resolution yeaterday afternoon 81king 
the Student - Affirmative Action 
Committee and admini.tration to 

adopt the council's pro~saI. The 
resolution also a.ked SAAC to invite 
the Chancellor or his repreaentative to 
SAAC'. meeting tomorrow. 

"If his concern is for legality, (an) 
Office of Civil Rights statement I8YS 
the nwnbers concept i. legal. And 
SAAC it the formal advisory group, 
endorsed by the administration,' 
Third CoIIeRe Provost Joe Wallon 

said at the meeting. 
"We don't want anyone saying 

that the Chancellor couldn't present 
his side of it. Thi. is not a one-sided 
thing," he added. 

McElroy said that he would try to 
attend the meeting, if he could fit it 
into hi. schedule, but he doe. not 
agree with the idea of setting 
n!llTlerical goals. 

"My advisors told me that it would 
be a mistake, because of the Bakke 
deci.ion," he explained. 

However. the Office of Civil ~hts 
""'(lSl' '"m III {ll'Rl' Ii 

unfamiliar with the State Conatitution, he said. 
Newman started at the "source of the 

problem" by attackinK law school. for not 
making their studenta aware of the Con.titution'. 
content. "Law school. should be cen.ured for 
letting this happen." he exclaimed. 

The justice also a.sailed the California media 
for "miainforming" the public in dealing with 
interpretations of the Constitution's language. 

r __ """-' ;';"" 

Judge Frank Newman, poor but wi ... 
"I've received many letters telling me about 

just what 'submit' means," he said, speaking of 
the Con.titutional clause which witholds a 
justice'. pay if he hal any caae. that have been 
submitted for conaideration for more than 90 
days. "They didn't aIIleam about that in achool," 
he added sarcastically. 

According to Newman, one of the major 
Pll!oSI! '"m 10 {loRt! 8 



I 

The Daily Guardian 
Eric Jaye 
Editor 

",,",,-"~c---. ..... 

Jeff Beresford-Howe John Klock 
Nt'ws Editor Copy Editor 

Kalhy Huffer 
""!1OCiat .. Nt'wl Editor 

John Hondro. 
ASMx:iate News Editor 

l ' u"'~lk'Cl "IMUNlllli w,w"\IIII ',d IJ~ · , I.",,~.,f Ih. · I,\t ··IIII'IU'N" t·(ltlon •• II .. ~lt(llIf 
, ..... Daily Guardian. Th .. Daily Guardian I. 1~,hll.II,,1 1\.1" ... 1,,) tlor,",~10 
f ,.1." Ilunn,.: tl ... o 't.:uL.r ..... ·hutll \ I'. " h\ ,,'ud"l1t ... III II .. · t ' ,,1' t " ~lh Hf 
( •• Murln •• •. '.IU UI,·a.:u. I'ur '·.'llnn-.f l •• 11 I ~":.!" Ittt i. 101' hul'If'''''''1'I t ,.11 i:j~ . 

:IItOS , 

Ballot Recommendations 
8eca ... 0I1he Iarp number 01 cit)' council and achoaI trustee 

_1ionI ill v..-.. .... 01 s.n JlietoCCUlly em toda)'· • ....-
election ballot. n.. Oail., Guardidn it only making 
ree..., .. datiana on ballot meaaurea. 

",."..illon I: We recommend a NO vote. 
Placed on the ballot Ihrouah the efforta 01 Loa An,eles count)' 

anIi-buIint • PropoIition 1 would bring under the 
......... 0I~ Supr.ne Court'. integration ruling •. Whie 
Mvoaa_ and oppollents ciffer on the po.aibIe impacta of the 
iniIiaIiYe. IIIOIl ..... yata believe it would limit buaing 10 achieve 
IIICiIII . • to Ihoee dialric:ts in which a conaOOUI pattern 
01 cIiea-:I: by achooI offic:iaIa .,ainat nmoriJ)' .lucIents 
could be proved. 

An move to weaken . . plana in Califomia· .. choola 
.:J1 ~ ::fi.!:.t)' 01 California'. efforts 10 
&ad more ~ mincllity students. efforts that will. for both 
........... ecoIdQic NUOIII. have to encreue with the minorit)' 
population 01 the atate. Jnte,raIion of achooIa improYei the 
c:hancea 01 ~. minority Itudenta 10 let quality elementary 
... ~ ICbooI educatians; ali-inteiration and parents. 
ad ... tan auch AI COIIIa'Yative state c:-Alan Robbinar 
IhouIcf not be allowed to hurt thoee chances. 

ProIH»1IJon 2: Vote YES. Thia rneuure. which hal generated 
aImoII nil ~ni'" oppoaiIion. would allow mortaqe broker. 
ad CampIUMI to charp II. ..... in ..... t ra .... banka and 
• vinI ..... 1oaM for .................. auch .. 1hoee made to 
~ c8Iint 0110 percent ~r penonaI. family or 
houIehoId UIeI would NIMin. The limit on ~ company 
1oanI ... 1Idopted dunn, the DeinNion andhaa been rendered 
.... by doubIecIItit iR8aIion. Such 10... would atiII be IimiIed 
to II. a..t rate diu,.. b),'" Federal Reserve Bank 01 San 
FI'IIftdIco ... 5 p8'ClIIIIl!~' 

~on 3: Vote YES. nu. meuure it a bookbepinc 
.... ill II. .... cOIIIIiIution that would make property tax. 
..... for local 1\ ......... to fipae. 

Pnm-iIIon : Vote NO. The Political oIfalJl'inl 01 Howard ~r~4IIric:hiaw ~ 13. this initiative would 
pIKe a 5mit on atate ana government spending. Budgets 
could rile only to match increueI in population and inflation. 
thouah voters could ov.nde the limits atatewide or in their own 
commuDtiea by a majority vote. 

Propoaition 4. which iaexpected 10 pall today. would be a 
aetbecll for the univa-ait)' and especiall)' for the .late and 
community coIIeae I)'Stenw. State IOvernment faces a deereaae 
in reverues .. the receuion deepens and has the inevitable effect 
01 increuing unemployment; linee the I..esiaIature could not 
enact new tax. and i. constitutionally required 10 balance its 
budael, auch "nonessential" lel'Vices .. higher education might 
be die tint 10 be cut in the budgel crunch. 

Meuure.liIce Proposition 4 and 13 weaken government'. 
effectiveneu in meetins the needs 01 the state and local 
communities. The real aim 01 former Iandlorda' Iobbyiat Jarvia 
and fanner realtor Paul GaM - the chief advocate of the 
proposition - it 10 push baUot meAaurea 'that do more 10 
dec:reaae corporation'. taxes more than they do 10 help most 
citizeN. VolerI- who want bel!-.lIovernment should be more 
ViPant about electing good IeJialaton inatead of falling for 
ahortsighted measures ., this oDe. 

The Dally Guardi&D To ..... )'. November" 1878 

And Fund Mall Transit 
" 

Why-Big Oil Should Be Taxed 
By Ja, Powell 

Perhaps while you've 
walked around campus the 
last lew week. you've heard 
someone exhorting you 10 "lax 
big oil - tax the excessive 
profits 01 the oil companies 

JOfJ Powell i. an orfGniur 
for . the California Oil Profit. 
Tax Initfatiue Coalition. He 
1011' people who want more 
Information about the 
initiative .hould caU 275-
1700. 
and fund m... transit." 

Many of you have .Iopped. 
uked questiona. even aigned a 
petition to place this initiative 

. on the JIme. 1980 ballot. 
Some people have limply 
'walked b),. feeling weary. 
apathetic or preoccupied with 
their own criae.. Other. 
shouted back epithets. A few 
felt compelled 10 lecture us on 
.a variety 01 themes ranging 
from "the benilits of free 
enteroriae." "de.regulation." 
and .twhat·. good for ." oil it 
goad for America" 10 mau 
,transit wiD never work here." 

A. an OI'Janizer with the 
California Oi ' Profits Tax 
Initiative Coalition working on 
c:ampuaes. ahoppirw center. 
and lairr.oundI - &CrOll the 
county. apend most of each 
da), on my feet "barking" -
expIai' and diacuuing this initia.::.\ty .tandard sppec:h 
1081 like this: "It's a 10 
percent lax on grosa profits 
over $5 million on oil 
c . in California; it w~ that money inlo 
mUi transit - inc:reaaed bUI 
and rail systema - and ' 
research inlo alternate fueIa 
(not enerty intensive .ynthetic 
fuel.). It would prohibit 
palling the lax on to the 
consumer. The initiative gives 
a lax credit of 50 percenl 10 
companies thai produce or 
refine more crude or gas in 
Calilomia than they did in 
1978." The measure would 
double 10 triple the funding for 
rail and bu. .ervice in 
Califomia. The AFt-CIO. 
Sierra Club. League of 
Women Voter.. Urban 
League. campus CalPIRGa. 
the International Aun. of 
Machini.ts and other labor 
and environmental org~­
tiona are endoning and 
supporting this initiative. Bill 
Pres. resl8ned hi. position a. 

.tate director 01 planning and 
research to devote hi. lull 
energies to the initiative he 
belped draft. and a .tatewide 
group 01 grUiroots orvanjzer. 
and volunteers is working to 
qualify il for the 1980 ballot . . 

The problem: Have you 
been 10 LA lately? The acene 
is one perlOn 10 a car in 
bumper-to-bumper traffic in 
the midsl of a unog alert. The 
only alternative is the RTD. 
probably the wont tranat 
.y.tem of any maior city in the 
world. In Southern California 
we are aulomobile addicts (ah. 

.weet .indepe~ence). We 'are 
needleaaly conaurning milli~ 
01 barrela of oil a dall. 

M ... transit may not be a 
cure-all but it offer. a real 
public Iran'portation 
alternative. Unfortunately it 
faces a chicken and esg 
dilemma: the 'Yltem hat 10 be 
responsive and adequate .. a 
tranaportatiorl alternative. but 
it firlt needs public support 
(both funding and use) 10 be an 
efficienl sy.tern. 

In the late 1940. large oil 
corporalions and auto 
manufacturers conspired 10 
purchase many trolley 
.y.tem. throughout the United 
Stales and run them inlo the 
sround. The Loa Angeles Red 
Line waa just one of these 
caaualties. 1he coat 10 thoae 
convicted of cOlllpiracy w .. a 
line of a thousand dollar •• but 
the co.1 to the people of Loa 
Angelea WAI enonnous. 

Why .hould the oil 
companies have to pay for 
mall transit? Perhaps we 
.hould aak why we should 
have 10 pay for tbelr 
"diveraification." Some 
example.: Mobil buy. 
Montogomery Warcla and 
Container Corp. of America· 

Arco buy. Anaconda Copper; 
Exxon acquire. Reliance 
Electric. The list 01 new.paper. 
radio slalions. farm •• 
busineuea in every aeclor of 
our society. goes on and on. 
Yea. it makes businesa aenae 
for the corporale interest. but 
then so doe. exce •• ive 
consumption of our resources. 
_ We recognize that oil 
exploration is risky busines •• 
but the fact remain. that 
domestic production i. now 
below 1972 levela and oil 

paying the 
in their 

history. Department of Ener8)' 
blames the oil companies; the· 
companies blame the DOE. 

. Who do you think DOE 
head James Schlesinger WAI 
working for? We are dealing 
with multinational. irresponsi-
ble master. of deception and 
the invisible loophole. They 
are aI.o manipulalor. of 

.legi.lative committeea, .. you 
can aee from the progresa of 
the watered-down windfall 
profits tax through congrea-
Iional committees. 

If you think "tax big oil" and 
the implied. "the .. y VI. us 
relation.hip are .impli.tic, 
look al the aubatance of the 
initiative. Read it front and 
back. If you agree. sign it and 
support it. We need your help . 
just to qualify it for the ballot. If 
you're eligible 10 vote and not 
regiatered. do il at our boarda. 

We are fortunate 10 have 
recourse to the initiative 
procesl in California, 10 let'. 
use it. There i. lea. than a 
month left to gather 400.000 
.ignatures .talewide. We are , 
not paying 30 cents a 
.ignature to mercenary 
cIipboardera. We are oOering 
you the opportunity to 

Please turn to page 8 

In That 'Window, You Might Have Seen ... 
By Sun Gooch 

k it very quiet now. and the dual has 
settled. Gone from the day are the 
thunda-ous cradca .. the mauive 

not complete: battered brick. jut 
unevenly from its cru.hed edgea. and ,it 
look ... though il mighl Iopple before 
the{ lint gusl of nighl wind. 

wredIinc ball ........ ed brick walla; the The one window frame rem ..... Its 
Sam Gooch i. a stall writ. for ~ - pahea have ahattered away. but it 

Dailll G .... clian and tIte writers ~s 10 .tand brav~ against the 
~ue to tIw eJitoritJl board. approaching darknea •. There had been 

• twisted plumbin. hal ' .topped another time .... 
ec:rearnins. The workers are home by 
now; their la ....... their grunting. u 
they hammered and c:row=barnIcf and 
c:hiIeIed. hal faded. leavins only the 
IOIIIIda 01 birds and . can. 

The crUe it .r...::. but the 
'twiiaht silence yieIda no hinl that the 
crane'. chnina dieaeIa had bIaated 
throush the hot .fternoon: firatloucly. 
..... toftly. and ..... IoucIy .,ain .. 
the .... W IWUnlIo the cadence. 

The lUll it ....... tone too. The sky 
it .... to a duI IN)'.lilhouettint the 
crane and the one remaininL bedroom 
window on the eec:ond Boor. The willi it 

.... They had felt the whole summer 
through that one window. A. they 
twiated af1CI groped and pleaded while 
pauion'l delusiona let them be. if only 
for a moment, timelesa crealul'ft -
they feh the summer. And after. they 
fell the warm summer evenings .. the , 
lay on gnarled. damp beclaheets and 
giggled at .wing ends 01 cilarettes 
twirlins in tF.e darlmea •. 

The heard the hail. listened a. il 
rumbled on the plastic carport jusl 
oullicle that aurnmer window; that 

reminded her of childhpod rain orgies. 
They .rneIled the freshly cut grAl' aa its 
fragrance blend'ed with sticky-hot 
breezes that whispered palt that 
summer window; that reminded him of 
thirsty afternoon. in Kentucky 
haylield.. 

Through that window came the 
cri~. nervOUI day noiaea and the tired, 
muffled nitht noitea. They miffed at 
the g1.... They amiIed at the eIi.tant 
glU.. They amiled at the eIi.lant 
movement of children and their 
laughter resonated from the sash. They 
let the wind careu their amooth. wet 
bodies when it whooahed in and 
billowed the CUI"hI,in •• 

They talked for hours about the 
future whie. on the other side of the 
window. the IUJ1lIII8r liatened to their 
foolish plana. Althouah they haven't 
heard from one another in year. and 
yean. they remember that summer. It 
wu in that other time. in thai bedroom. 

beneath that window. that the young 
man's drearna besan.... . 

...• Tomorrow. the worker. wiD come 
again, and, before the momiali ends. 
the window wiD be sone. W.u the 
worker who operates the crane - the 
man who alway. wear ...... ched blue 
shirts. khaki pants and rawhide-laced 
tan boots - stop 10 contemplate his 
adiona before that lut .wing 01 the 
wrecking ball? Wi he. amid the 
banging and the dust douda and the 
barking foreman. allow the window a 
brief respite while he conaiclers what the 

' pull of a lever or two can do 10 a 
memory? After all. he does look 
lineere. But then. he doesn't know. 

It it dark now. aboat black. A 
aound from the rubble - a chunk ql 
hrick has broken Ioo.e and daltera 
down throuah the debria. The window 
patiently awaits the dawn; the crane 
loom. near, ' indiHerently. Will the 
window welcome. or will it resent. that 
Iinallunp? 

Tue.say. November 8.1979 The Daily Guardian 8 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
I INTERNATIONAL \ I NATIONAL II STATE 
Shah Can Stay Diablo May Wait 

TEHRAN - Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's 
followera. alread~ holding scores of ho.lages in the 
US emba •• y in Tehran, seized two US consulates 
and the British Embauy ye.terday in an e.calati"¥. 
war of neryos again.t "the great Satan. America ' 
and it. "evil" ally. 

No illiuries were reported in the new takeovers in 
Iran. The . British Foreign Office in London 
announced lalt night that the takeover of ita embassy 
in Tehran ended peacefully after six hourse, 
apparently following intervention by the Iranian 
arl!!>' guards. and non one was hurt. 

The head of the Iranian Embassy in Washington 
said the Tehran goverrunent would not intercede to 
free US Embassy hOoitage •. 

Iranian leader Khomeini and his student 
supporters demanded the United States and Britain 
hand over two "criminals" for trial - the deposed 
Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, hospitalized in New 
York. and former Iranian Prime Minister Shahpour 
Bakhtiar, living in exile in Western Europe. 

But the Carter administration rejected the demand 
that it expel the shah, and the British s~d they did not 
have Bakhtiar - that he was living in France. 

Crowd Backs ABC 
TIJUANA - Shouting "Death to the governor." 

an estimated 1.000 students and workers have 
marched through Tijuana demanding that the daily 
new.paper ABC be allowed to resume publication . 

An effigy of Cov. Roberto de la Madrid of Baja 
California waa hung Sunday and burned from a 
platform in front of City Hall. 

The only politically independent newspaper in the 
.tate and its bigge.t parr, ABC was .tormed F'riday 
by 250 membera 0 the , goverrunent-controlled 
union. They ousted editor Jesus Blancornelas and 41 
of hi. 50 emploYeei. 

WASHINGTON - The Diablo Canyon Ruclear 
power plant may not open this year becauae it is near 
a major population center, Nuclear Regulatory 
Commission President Joaeph M. Hendrie laid 
yesterday. 

Te.tifying before a House subcommittee, 
Hendries said that potential problem. involved in 
evacuating residents in the event of an emergency 
will temporarily halt Diilblo Canyon, Salem II in New 
Jersey, North Anna II in Virginia and Sequoyah I. 

Hendrie also said that an NRC freeze on new 
plants - -imposed .hortly after the March 28 
accident at Three Mae Island - i. being extended 
until at least spring. 

All four plants were scheduled to open by the end 
of this year. Three other plants - Zimmer in Ohio, 
McGuire in North Carolina and La Salle in Dlinois-
are scheduled to open in the spring and may also be 
affected. 

Space Shuttle Focus 
WASHINGTON - America 's space shuttle, 

dealt another setback by an engine failure , face. a 
critica~ crossroads next week when President Carter 
personally reviews the troubled project. 

A few months ago, the president probably 
wouldn't have taken such a perlOnal interest. But the 
shuttle is becominK more and more vital to national 
defense, and the White House is counting on it ai a 
major tool to verify Ruasian compliance with arm. 
limitation agreements. 

Carter also wants to know about technical 
financial and management problems that hav~ 
plagued the shuttle and about safety questions raised 
by a team of White House consultants who recentJy 
inveatigated the project. 

Soft Contact Lenses 
, , 

42% Turnout Seen 
SACRAMENTO - A generally lackluster 

election campaign end. today as Californiana vote on 
government .pending limits. an attenipt 10 cn 
school buaing, and a wide range 01 local iuues 
including the San Franciaco mayor'. race. 

Secretary of State March Fo", Eu predicted a 42 
percent turnout of the state'. 10 milion registered 
voter •. 

That comparea 10 a 47 percent turnout at the lut 
.pecial .talewide election. in 1973. when another 
spending-limit plan was on the ballot. 

The 1973 mea.ure lo.t alter a heated campaign 
that pitted Gov. Ronald ReAllan. its chief supporter • 
agaiNt a coalition of labor, educalora and prominent 
Democrat •. 

But thi. year. Proposition 4. a apending lid 
sponlOred by Paul GaM. co-author 0I1a.1 year'. 
Proposition 13, hal the ble.anss of virtually every 
major po~tical figure, including Gov. Edmund Brown 
Jr .• and ita overwhelming paI.ge .ma ... ured • 
Court Off Hook 

SAN FRANCISCO - After nearly a year of 
investigation, the Com million on Judicial 
Perfonnance ruled yeaterday that no rniaconduct 
charges will be filed again.t any .tate Supreme Court 
justices, and the governor .aya hi. faith in the high 
court remain. intact. 

"I believe the California Supreme Court i. the 
outstanding .tate supreme court in the country." laid 
Gov. Edmund C. Brown in Lo. Angele. "Nothina 
produced by the commiuion hal in any way altereCl 
that view." - '. 

The commiuion undertook the unprecedented 
probe after new.papera char',ed the high court with 
hol~ng I1J! aeveral ~i~ve ruling. to gi~e an a.ai.t 10 
Chief Justice Rose Bird In her confirmation bid before 
the voter. la.t year. 

. ~, " : ' $118~: ~~~"'~~~ -;::= ,#.<> /L= 
----~ 

. 
" 

, • j , ~, t 
:,t j::' , " Dr. D.A. Rorabaugh 

& Associ ates. 
Optometrists soft contact lens consultation and 

evaluation at no charge 

272-2211 

YOU CAN HELP 
THE INDOCHINESE REFUGEES 

You have a chance to ' have a direct impact on the survival 
of thousands of Indochinese boat people seeking refwfe in 

San Diego County by using your skills to help tht'm r~eltle 
in our community. 

For your efforts you will receive 16 units of 
academic internship credit and (\ monthly stipend of 

$324 plus travel expenses. 

APPLICA TIONS STILL 
BEING ACCEPTED ... 
APPLY NOW 

Applications and info available 
at 302 Warren or x4355. 

COME BY OR CALL TODAY 

I «; <:f 
fJ'.~ 
c?~ 

::F THE GREAT AMERICAN 
QUIZ SHOW SCANDAL 
dhrected by Alan Schneider 

A startling new play by Louis Phillips (author of The 
Last of the Marx Brothers Writers) takes us behind 
the scenes In the Television Industry. This very funny 
and moving encounter with the bizarre world of 
Quiz Shows follows the adventures of an innocent 
young man with a phenomenal memory who 
becomes a Quiz ShoIN Celebrity. 

November 5, 9, 10, 11 and 14,15.16.17 
500 p'm-UCSO THEATRE 
STUDENT $3.25 GENERAL $4.50 
PHONE: 452·4574 

Student DlBCOunt - $10 j't (, S If) : 
includes: consultation, shampoo 

conditioner. cut & blow stQrle 



.. The Dally Guardian Tue8d.y, November 8, 1179 

Iltiuriea Coat Crucial Biola Game 

Soccer Playoff Hopes Dashed at Season's End 
By J. Riaby su,ht 

Staff Writ_ 
The soccer sea.on ended on 

a gloomy note Ia.t week a. 
their playoff hopea were .wept 
away by a pair of louea. 

Azuaa, in a 'mUlt·win' 
lituation, defeated UCSD 4·1 
lut Wednesday. The victory 
kept AzUlA'. lCant hope. for 
an NAIA playoH berth alive. 

Thi. tel the .tage for a 
dramatic Ia.t lame with Biola. 
UCSD and Biola. with 
iden.tical4.2.1 leap recorda, 
and battled for the third final 
remaining .pot in the playoff •. 

The Triton. totally 
dominated the firat half of an 
extremely phy.ical game. 
UCSD had 11 thota on goal to 
Biola'. three, and three Biola 
player. received warnings for 
their milConduct. 

late in the firat half. Tobin 
riRed a ahot that curved into 
the far corner of the goal. 
AzulA's goalie waa ICreened 
off by Pete Matz, reaulting in 
an untouched goal. 

The offenae once again 
aeemed to .uRer from blowing 
1C0ring opportunitiea on fa.t 
breau. A. coach Stewart 
Hayea put it, "They left the 
wa)'we wanted to." 

Wedneaday at" Azuaa the 
Triton. feU victim to a one man 
wreckin, crew. Azu.a's 
Kwak" Owuau Anaaih lCored 
twice on hi. four shott in the 
fir.t half. Both team. tOQk 20 
.hob on goal, both goalie. 
had roughly the ~ amount 
of .. vea. The game WAI 
ba.ically even on the field a. 
well a. in the stati.tics, but 
Anaaih's brilliant play gave 
Azuaa a 4·1 victory. 

Letups Bring W~ter Polo Losses 

The Tritana, however, were 
aeriously hindered a. a re.ult 
of iojuriea. Maaood 'Bad 
Dude' 8adri WAI eliminated 
from the conteat, leaving the 
team devoid of oubtide backs. 
This forced coach Stewart 
Hayea into hastily de.igning 
an impromptu defen.e, 
leaving the team weak in 
.trikers. At a reault, Biola 
broke a 1·1 halftime tie with 
two aecond half goal., giving 
them both the victory and the 
lut playoff po.ition. · 

. The Triton. ended up the 
aea.on with a 7.g·1 record 
behind the leadership of coach 
Stewart Hayea . Since coming 
to UCSD in '77, Hayea hal 
put together improving 
record. of 3·10·1, 5-11-1, and 
finally 7 ·8·1 . Behind · hi. 
leaderahip the team hal gone 
from half·hearted playing to 
aerious contenders. 

a, .... ao.a 
SPorta Edit .. 

11 .. _ lo.. thia weekend 
forced Ihe wa"" polo team to 
take a look at tIie way they 
approach II. ipOI't. 
-On n.uraday the team led 
An..a4.2at~,then 
let their appaI_'" run over 
them en route 10 a 9-4 win. On 
Frida the Tritons outlcored 
UC ~ 4-3 after two 
quarters, then Iott 9·7. 

"We rt II. ..,. down, but 
we won t .tep on them," aaid 
fru.trated coach Run 
I-Wferkamp. "My achool of 
thousht it that you knock 'em 
down in the fillt quarter and 
then jUit bID')" 'em." 

The Trilona never got that 
chance qainal l..onir Beach 
State Saturday, in a 9·5 10 ... 
Yet that wu the finesl-.Jarne of 
the weekend for UCSD, better 
than their 24·8 romp over 
Redland. Friday. The 
Saturday game wu played in 
the huge 25·yard by 3O-meter 
I..ontI Beach pool, over twice 
the lize of the UCSD pool. 

Beach know. how to 

take advantage ci the added 
apace, and aneaked in lOme 
ahotI that the Trilona weren't 

e~rb~ ~South 
both leored twice in the game, 
and Dan Crane added a ,~ 
to the loting effort. Goalie WaI· 
lie Mom. contributed lOme 
outatanding block., p~yinJ 
hi. beatJame of the weekend. 

UCSD will probably play 
Riveraide once more thi. year, 
in the .ea.on ending 
tournament ha.ted by UCR. 
The Tritana have won that 
tournament three yeara in a 
row, and HaHerkamp think. 
that Friday'. 101. to Riveraide 
will help them to a fourth 
victcwy. 

"We'l probably beat them 
by three or four next time," he 
lAid. . 

The major problem Friday 
wu overconfidence. MOlt of 
the player. believed that a win 
would come ealily, u it hal 
qainat River.ide in the pa.t 
two years. But third-quarter 
letdown. have killed the 
T rilona more than once thia 

Aak Linda L Una, fonner VISTA volunteer in 
Cllula Villa, about one year auipunenil for 
IOCiaI acience and other .mOl'majon, workint 
with community 1pOU.,PI UI'OII the country. 
Booth infonnatian In Revelle PIa. November 

7 until 2:00 pm. 

tea.on, .00 a third-quarter 
ahutout in that game put them 
behind. 

"Thia indicatea that they're 
reaDy relaxins at halftime," 
laid Hafferkamp. ThW'iday 
the T ritana let a ahot at a team 
that won't let them lead at half, 
when they face HaHerkamp'. 
College AD·Stan again. 

The Triton.' lone 1C0re 
came on a rather spectacular 
comer kick by Tobin Soanick 

Jon Gold, Bill Boulock, aM 
Tobin Soanick .hould be noted 
for their fine offenlive playing. 
Gold and Bullock each had 5 
goal., while So.nick added 2 
goals and 5 anisb. 

Stylish Surfers Whip Two LA Schools 
During Confused Newport Beach Meet 

By David Goetz 
Superior .lyle once allain puI)ed the Triton 

aurf team throlJllh, u they defeated CYJJrea. 
College and Loa Angel.. Harbor College 
Saturday at Newport Beach. 

UCSD'. Chri. Farmer wu worried about 
winning before the match began beeauae the 
team WAI not familiar with the form of the 
wavea at Newport Beach. Farmer explained 
that big wavea allow everybody the tame 
chance to 1C0re highly, but the 1·2 foot wavea 
of the day definitely gave -the locala an 
advantage. ~ 

A typical weekend of aurfing at Newport 
Beach i. AI crowded u an LA freeway, and la.t 
Saturday wu no exception. The locala 80cked 
to IUrf in the aame area the conteat w AI 

COME ALIVE 
SKY DIVE! a._· Thun. evenings · 7:00. Other 

eveninp by IPPoinbnent. Jump S.t. or Sun. 
$79.00 Includes: 

Jnslruction • Equipment. Jumpmuler 
Aircrarl • Automatically EXlracted Main 
Puachule • 2nd Jump Free!!! 

2684314 
PARACHUTING SAN DIEGO 

7.343 Ronson Rd., Suite U. San Dieao. CA 

which waf not only hazardoua, but made it 
difficult for the judgea to identify competing 
aurfer •. 

The .urfer. are allowed fifteen minutea to 
ride three wavea in their heat. With six 
conteatanta and many othen vying for each 
wave, it's not euy to acquire the needed ride • . 
Aggrenive .urfer. generally .core better 
beeaUte they win the fight for the .uperior 
wave •. 

UCSD apparently had mo.t of the 
aggrealive ,urfera aince they end~ up with a 
final tally of 76 poinb. Cyprea. finiahed with 46 
poinb and LA Harbor received 36 point.. 

Billy Lerner remain. unbeaten in the 
kneeboardins diviaion, III he once again took 
&r.t in heat. 

~T=u~eed~.~1~, ~N~o~v~mu~be~r~8~, _1_97_9~ __________________________ Th __ e_D_u~11~G_u_ar __ ~_an ___________________________________________ 5 

'Runner' Mediocre; 
Will it . Make · it Big? 

'Rocky' Clone Well Acted 
By Lynette Tom 

Senior Staff Writer 
The motion picture Rocky, met with phen~nal .uccea •. 

The lame holds true for ita aequel, Rockll II, and undoubtedly 
will for Rocky III. The audience appeal of theae films ineVitably 
lead. to a deluge of underdog-aj[ain.t.the.world clonea from the 
other movie .rudio., of which Univeraal'. Running i. the fir.t. 

Michael Andropoli. i. a .tranger to succea.. Hi •• tudie. in 
medicine and law, VariOUI odd joba, eve.n hi. marriage are 
dropped at the .lighteat indication of failure. The only thing that 
keep. him going, betides continued support from hi. former wife, 
Janet, and their youngeat daughter, SOlan, it running. Michael's 
morning jaunb through the .treeta of New York give him a aenae 
of accomplishment and aelf·confidence. More important, the 
sport is the key behind hi. ultimate wish: to enter and win in the 
Olympic marathon in Montreal . 

Steven Hillard Stern's screenplay of Michael's slow climb 
IQwards IUccelS, while it does for runninB what Sylvester 
StaUone's story has done for boxing, is flawed in place., 
sometimes · seriously. Blatant borrowing can be found in the 
running sequences of the Olympic hopeful accompanied by a 
crowd of kids to his daughters' school, and by himself en route to I 
a Canadian monument. San Diego viewers may find the cat-
calls and other ha .. let that Michael encounters during hit 
training sessions somewhat dated, as Southem Califomia Wat 
one of the fir.t regions to be flooded with runners and now 
regards them a. being 81 commonplace as carS. 

Still, this is not to say that Stem's story i. a total cop-out. 
Rather, it is complacent and uncomplicated, except for an 
ending that i. diverted by a twi.t that could have turned the entire 
film 180 degrees, but righta itself at the lalt moment, and ill 
equally as stirring a. the battle outcome in Rocky. 

The Daily Guardian 

\Artsl 

With his previous Oscar-winning work on One Flew Over The 
Cuckoo's Nest, as well a • . his critically acclaimed appeatancea in 
Coma and The China Syndrome, Michael Douglas seems to be 
the antitheais of his role in Runninll. In spite of the li.t of 
achievements, hi, portrayal of Michael Andropolia manages to 
make the two men indistinguithable. 

Andre Gqnon. will probably 
never enjoy the lame amount 
of familiarity u it the cue for 
the principal tune in Rocky, 
the ~Iody i.likeable, and the 
.tock footage from the 1976 
Montreal Olympic. that i. 

incorporated into the.reat orche.trated, with Rockll II 
the film .till excite. the wearing off. In many reapecta, 

Susan Anapach cofT!Plimenta DougiAI both figW'atively as a 
fellow character and literally at a fdlow actress. Her role a. 
Michael 's encouraging, patient ex·spouae, Janet Androj:K>lis, is 
plea.ant, although a little bit on the stereotypical side. Eugene 
Levy floundered about haplea.ly AI one of the member. of the 
Second City Televiaion comedy troupe in the syndicated aerie. 
of the same title. A. a re.ult, he hal no where to go but up in his 
part as Michael'. friend and lawy~r, Ritchie Roaenberg, which 
he doe.n't quite pull off. Jennifer McKinney, Lealeh Donaldson, 
and Laurence Dane have brief flaahea of good ICreen presence 
with their .upporting rolea of Michael's daughter., SUian and 
Andrea Andropoli., and hi. one·time running instructor, Coach 

viewera. the film could have been 
The timing of Running'. better. a..herwiae, the movie 

engagement at the Univeraity provide. a conciliatory tribute · 
Towne Centre 6 Theatrea to the trial. and triumph. of the 
could not have been better runner. 
----------------~oundTown----------~~~ 

Free Poetry Readings 
Walker. . 

Stem'. direction in Rwmlng i. nice. His treatment of the ,aport 
ill neither glorified nor hypetl. The exterior shota of New York 
and Montreal by the director of photography, Laszlo George, 
are impreasive. The lame cannot be said for hi. interior .hob, 
which are marred _by unnatural lighting. The telephone 

se~uencea between ~hael and Janet. 81 edited by Kurt 
H.rschler, aeem to .witch between day and night. However, the 
superviq film editor's montagea in the marathon .ceReS are a 
brilliant illUltration of the pain that the runner must con.tantly 
endure, in addition to the beauty of his movemenb, during the 
26-mile-lonl courae. The title theme in the mu.ical score by 

The New Poetry Seriea will have poeta Steve 
Kowit and Ron Koretge reading from their 

'works Wednea day , Nov. 7, in the Revelle 
Formal Lounge at 4 pm. The reading it free and 
open to the public. Co-'ponlOred by the 
Archive for New Poetry and Univer.ity Event •. 
Call 452·2533 for more information. 

... 

Local poets Melanie Neilson, Steve Robert. 
and Ted Burke will read from their work. 
Monday, Nov. 12 at 7:30 pm at D.G. Will. 
Bookatore and Coffee Shop, 7527 La Jolla 

~.8900 
BCHOLABBHIPB AVAILABLE 

Blvd., near Pearl Street. The readins i. free and 
open to the public. Drea. warmly. Phone 456-
1800 for more information. 

... 

Daryl Pratt, UCSD graduate .tudent, will 
hold a percUision recital Wedneaday, at 8 pm, 
in the Mandeville Recital Hall. Free. 

Atomic Cafe, forum for Illu.ic department 
ltudenta, tonight at 8 pm, in the Mandeville 
Recital Hall. Free. 

uc:so UnIvenIIy Ivenh 0IIIce 
PIWMfIII 

JAZZ at Walk's Place 

If you have taken one year each of calculus and 
physiCS, you may qualify to receive over 

. $730.00 per month during your last year of 
school. plus see the most exciting and lucrative 

. career opportunity available today ... 

LAMONT 
JOHNSON 

Navy engineering offers the fastest way up to 
qualified students-you need not be an 
engineer to apply. Pay and benefits are highly 
competitive; experience and training are 
unmatched. 

Don't sell yourself short! Find out what all your 
optio.IS are by signing up to interview at the 
Placement" Center on: 

NOVEMBER 8, 1979 
PAT HALE- NAVY ENGINEERING 

SEXTET 

One of the best Jazz ptanlsts In San Dlegol 

\ 
I 



For all UCSO students, staff 
facultY and alumni Interested 

In sailing, 

Sailing Clu6 Meeting 

. , 

• 

mJnesJay, JJoVem6er 7 
7:30pm, H£ 1148 

• FILMS 

* GUEST SPEAkER: Pat Connors of Mission Bay Aquatic Center 
will talk about sailing In the San Diego area of MBAC's 
instructional and recreational sailing program. 

• PLUS we'll talk about I1Ur special "Sailing Club Orienta-
tion" November 17 at Mission Bay Aquatic Center, 

CAMPUS RECREATION 
Department of Physical Education 

SIGN 
P.A1NTING 
WORKSHOP 

DESIGN, LAYOUT, 
PAINT APPLICATION 
USE OF PRESS TYPE 
PBDJEaroBB 
TRANSPARENCIES 
etc . 

Ia.rn the need.edsldlls to 
design and produce signs 
and banners for effective 
8.dvert1sing and announ-
oements With 1mpot. 
Instruction will cover 

. qu1alt a.nd easy methods 
of lettering, enlargement 
techn1ques, use of color 
and design, for profes-
Slonallooldng larg&scaJ.e 
signs, All matertals W1ll 
be 1,n.cluded. 6 hr, 

InBtrucoor: I 
Rtoh&rd Chr1stensen 

-I 

\ : 

, 

: ~ . 
.' ! 

I 
BegJ.ster at the 
UC Crafts ueIlLr.eI' 
482-2021 

Sat, Nov 17, 9 am-3 pm 
Fee: '18.00 (can be ' 
recharged) 

Inventory 
Clearance Sale 

30 50% 
off 

retail price on ail roiler skates-we always guarantee the lowest 
prices in the world. W~'II beat any legitimate deal. 

10 am-midnight, November 6-14. 

r----------~-----l 
_I Roller Skate 50· per hour 1 

Weekdays before 5 pm. I . with coupon, two or more people . 1t 
~---------------~ 

- __ -.1 Discount Skates 
4462 Mission Blvd. (between Grand & Garnet) 

in Pacific Beach 

To .... ,.. Novem ... r 8, 1879 

Classifieds 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
STUDENTS - Earn extra money for 
Xmas - AHer school and weekends. 
Write: Classique. 7682 EI Camino 
Real, Su~e 207, Carlsbad. CA. 92008. 
(11/8) 
A grand necklie party will be held in 
the Outback Cafe, this _ek for any 
horsethieves. fakirs and any other 
" undesireables." found inside 
Warrentown after 6:00 pm. Sponsored 
by several prominent bankers and 
merchants. (11 /6) 
Rangeriders: all are Invited to the 
Outback Cafe. this _ek for a whoopin 
evenin. Guns must be checked at the 
door, and absolutely no longhorn 
steers will be. admitted. (11/6) 

Exciting internships in Wash DC, 
Sacramento and San Diego are 
becoming a reality through CASINO. 
Prospect ive interns orientation 
meeting. Tues. Nov 6, 3 pm or Wed. 
Nov 7. noon in the North Conference 
Room. (11/7) 

PERSONAls 
"Major Burns I wouldn't give you any 
shil...you·re too big a turd." Radar? 
S'M'A'S'H! Nov. 10. (11/6) 
Never have so few done so much for 
so many with so little:S'M' A 'S'H! Nov 
10. 1 pm till we run out of wounded. 
(II/B) 
STAN -HONDA IS 21 TODAY! 
Congratulations Stan, you may now 
patronize your favorite drinking 
establishment. (Thrills) You're a great 
photographer (and brother).(11 /6) 
Grace, do you know that you can call 
eXlenslon 2669 (Conlraceptive 
Counseling Clinic) and talk to 
someone about birth control . 
pregnancy and sexuality concerns? 
Jessica (11/6) 
The RAT is lookil'\9 awesome" We 
kicked their pass and we're goma dull 
some ugly scalpels. See you in the 
playoffs! We'd also like to say "Bite it 
BLD" for ranking us so high on the 
poll. RAT-ON XXXXXX (11/6) 

• Hey COOKIE, today Is your day. I hope 
Amateur Audition Night at Walks . it is a good onel Happy Birthday!! 
Place af the Pub Wed. Nov 14 & 21 Dutchess (11/6) 
6:00 on. Contact Jim Laughlin, 755-
7825. (11/16) 
NIGHTS OUT IS NOV 16TH. Buy your 
tickets In advance. Come prepared for 
the best in entertainment. (11 / 16) 
Women't Tennis: Important meeting 
Tuesday November 13, at 5 pm Ree 
Gym Conf Room. (11/13) 

SEXUAL FREEDOM League parties. 
Sat. nites. 18 up. Non-coercill8. 294-
9981. (11/13) 
WANNA BOX? UCSO Boxlngl Sign up 
in front of the main library 3:30 - 4:00 
Wed. Nov. 7 (11/6) 
The anack of the Killer Tomatoes 
descends on UCSO Thurs. NOll8mber 
8 MCA. Tickets at UEO Box. (11/8) 
They travel in packs they anack with 
an lXlrelenting fUry of raging fire. 
Could it be! Yes!! The Attack cj the 
Killer Tomatoes returns Nov 8 MCA. 
Tickets at UEO box (11/8) 

PATRICIA BAINES, it is your birthday 
today. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! (11/6) 
STEVE LEVINE', I hope this week Is the 
best yel! I'll se you in 7 days! Love, 
your bed buddy. (11/6) 
CRAIGO! Happy. day before the big 
one. I'm just making sure it starts 
88rly ... and keeps going late. Love ya! 
CBE (11 /6) 
Andy C_ Watching you mOIl8 makes 
Chem sec. 6 totally worthwhile,"! Ann 
D. (11/6) 
Rangeriders: all are invited to the 
Outback Cafe, this _ek for a whoopln 
evenin - guns must be checked at the 
door, and absolutely no lonQ.horn 
steers will be admitted. (11/6) 

FREE PREGNANCY TESTING AND 
COUNSELING, MEDICAL AND 
FINANCIAL AID REFERRALS 24 hrs. 
AT 583-5433. (11/30) 

The Daily Guardian 

A grand necktie party will be held In 
the Outback Cafe. this week for any 
horsethieves, fakirs and any other 
" undes i rables ." found inside 
Warrentown aller 6:00 pm. Sponsored 
by several prominent bankers and 
merchants. (11/6) 

TOMATOES although docile 
creatures in most c ircumstances, al 
times they've been known to partake 
in savage feeding frenzies becoming 
Killer Tomaloes!! (11 / B) 

THE TOMATOES ARE COMING ... 
AND THEY'RE KILLERS! (II/B) 
"A women is a woman but a nurse is a 
smoke." Col. Palter? 

S'M"A'S'H! Nov. 10. (11/7) 

SLAVEHOLDERS protested "Don't 
impose your morals on us" Now 
abortionists chant the same refrain. 
(11/30) 
Do you need revenge w~hoUi risk? 
UCSD's newest service can help for a 
minimal fee. Call dial-a-prank at 453-
B118 or 453-9696. Submit your own, 

' or choose from our catalog of meny 
fine pranks! (11/6) 
ABORTION IS A CRIME THAT KILLS 
not only the child but the consciences 
of all Involved - Mother Teresa-
(11/30) 
Saturday. Nov 10 is s.s. Day! "Shine 
Saturday" S'M'A'S'H*E·D (1 Vl0) 

SERViCES 
SAT AFTERNOON NOV 10 DON'T 
PARTY! 

GET s*M'A"S'H*E'D! 
GET S'M' A 'S'H'E'D! 
GET S'M'A'S'H*E'D! 
GET S'M'A'S'H'E'D! 
GET S'M'A'S'H*E'D! 
GET S'M'A'S'H*E'D! 

MORE -OH GROUPS THAN AN 
ORGANIC-CHEM EXAM (11/9) 

Typists: IBM exper /theses/disserl 
termpapers/editlng. RUSH JOBS! 
453-0656 452-1588 286-4936 225-
1449. (6/15) 

JENNY'S HOME TYPING - Term 
papers, thesel, diu. Dlys.and eves 
225-1449.(11/300 

Never have so few done so much for 
so many with 50 I~tle. S'M'A'S'H! Nov 
10, 1 pm until we run oUito wounded. 
(11 / 8) 
Typing: University City. IBM Selectric. 
Fast. reliable. Days 452-4244. ask for 
Jane. Eves 286-4966. (11/30) 

Have mid-terms shot you full of holea? 
Get S'M'A'S'H'E*D Nov 10, Enlist 
nOw at UEO Box. (11 .9) 

Did you hear about CASINO? We will 
land you an exciting internship in 
Wash DC, Sacramento or San Diego. 
come to prospective interns meeting. 
Tues Nov6, 3 pm, or Wed Nov 7. noon 
In the North Conference room, 
Student Center. (11/7) 

WANTEd 
Babysitter wanted for rest of year . 
Days, SOrlie nigbts. Salary, time 
flexible. Near UCSD. Susie. 453-9376. 
(11 / 13) 

Any small car under Slooo Isk for 
John T. 453-5292. (11/7) 
Doctors, nurses, copterpilotll, all 
interested perllOnnel enlillt now lor 
S'M'A'S'H. More action in one day 
then you'll experience in a Ufetime_ 
Enliat now at UEO Box Office or _ 
your local S'O'A'P. (11/10) 

San Diego City Counci! needa internal 
Come to prospective internship 
meeting Nov. 6 3 pm. Nov 7. noon at 
North conference Room. Student 
Cenler or atop by CASINO (in AS 
office) lor more Inlo. (1117) 

TRAVEl 
CIEE student trevel center located on 
the 2 nd floor of the student center 
open MWF 8 - 12, TIh 12 - 4. (11/30) 

7 

housiNG 
For rent 1 bdrm OM house, Sl50 plus 
Elee. ocean view, ph: 481 -0527. 
(It/9) 
Double rm Del Mar 1 bI belch 3 bdrm 
2 bath huge backyard, lurnished 755-
3660 or 452-9635 . . S115 (11/6) 

A\I8ilabie in December: room lor male 
to share 4-bedroom country living. 20 
min from campus. ~ mile from beach. 
S175/mo Oceanside. 722-7939. 
(11/30) 

Roommate to share 3 bdrm ho~ 
5135/mo 566-2964 Isk lor Mike. 
(II/B) 

Reasonably neat roonvnate wanled to 
share 2 bedroom. 1 loll condo with 2 
other people on the bluff In Solana 
Bch. 30 seconds to beach. 5180. CaR 
John or Don 755-4635. (11/6) 

68 Monaco new tires, pwr stlg & bIq, 
air-conditioning, clean InIer1or • .,. 
condo Must sell S6OO. 455-73118. 
(11/7) 
10-speed bike, lightweight coppl 
frame campi, shimeno & IUntGUr 
components. 5200 oeO. 755-8458. 
(11/7) 

lOST. fOUNd 
Lost: Large bran key ring & kevI. 2 
brln dolphlna on ring. Cau ext 3756 
& ask lor Jim or leave m8II8g8. 
Reward. (11/8) 

Lost green rainbow wallll. If lound 
please call Terry at 455-5516. (11/7) 

Reward!! S20 for return of SPL meter 
removed from Phonelici Llb_ 
Daaperate. No ??'I. Mike 452-2537_ 
(11/6) 

oox"'~~ 
lrll~r~12 
~\ ~o~ DARYL HALL ~o Ie JOHN ()ATES 
Wednesday, November 7, 7:30 & 10:30 

Airplay 
FauHllne 

Sot, Nov. 10 

Papa John Creach 
Tom Paxton 
Fri. Nov, 16. 

The Pop 
Jules and the Polar Bears 

Sot. Nov, 24 

Tic~ets at the Roxy and 0/1 Ticketron outlets. 

Another Concert Nlte 

Commander Cody 
Fri . Nov. 30 

Rebels 
Dinetes 

Crawdaddys 
Sot. Dec. 1 

Roxy Theater, 4640 Cass St., Pacific BeaCh, 488-3303 



8 

Council, McElroy to 'Clash? 
Continued from page 1. 
believes that "after reviewing 
aD of the court deci.ion., 
inducing the Bakke cale, 
numerical goal. can be a 
component of any coUe,e'. 
recruitment program," 
Wataon told the council. 

McFJroy .aid he didn't 
know about the .tudy, and 
planned to conault 88ain with 
his advi.on. 

"We're a.king the 
OumceIIor to addreaa two 
iuu. here, the concept-of 
minority enroDrnent, and the , 
IP8Cific nwnber. involved," 
Wabon uicI. "SAAC are the 
expertl, and they pick the 
numbers. The only time we'd 
have a problem i. if SAAC 
wanta IIIIIIIIer number •. " , 

Waban has expnued hope 
that a new chancellor wiD be 
more receptive to Third 

~~. goals. "We, hope 
any future chancellor would 
have lOme tenlitivity to thia 

illue," he said. 
• The council will invite all the 
group. which endorsed their 
proposal to the SAAC 
meeting, .. well .. "aD' 
interested .tudents." 1bey are 
allO planning to circulate a 
petition to McFJroy. 

The college hal proposed 
that at leaat 100 black, 100 
Chicano, 85 Asian·AmericAn 
and 15 Native American 
atudents be part of ita 1984 
cl.... "The coneept hat been 
endoned by the AS and 
college counciia, the Black 
Students Union and MECHA. 

Tax Big Oil, 
Continued from "alle 2 
tranalate yOUr frustration and 
concern into action towards an 
alternative. And we depend on 
volunteers to make this 
campaign a IUCC .... 

Your ..... major in math, the Kiences, health 
... other 1Ubjeet. can qualify you for two-yeu 
........... in .. 0182 develop .. countries. 
Ju.t uk former Liberia Peace COrpe vohmteen 
Otuck NeedIman November 7 at the Revelle 
PIa. booth. Si ... up for an interview today. 

The Daily Guardian Tue8day, November 8,1879 

Unpaid Judge Talks About 
State's Judicial System 
Continued from palle 1 
problems that exi.ts in the fair interpretation of 
the Constitution is that minorities and women 
have for so long not been a part of the judicial 
proces •. "We sure haven't achieved equality," 
said the Justice, pointing out that there still i. a 
.eriou. lack of min'ority and female 
representation in the State'. judicial branch of 
government. 

responding within the next three court days to 
formal ' argumenta filed by Ken Cory, State 
Controller. 

The suit stems from an antiquated section of 
the Constitution. "The Constitution is very 
unclear on what 'submitted fl)r decision' means," 
said Jervi., adding that the problem of finding 
cases over 90 day. old in every court in the state 
would be an "almost irnpouible task." In hi. cloaill8 remark., Newman a.lerted that 

"we've defaulted terribly in re'jleCt to the "This deci.ion of 'IIUJ)mitted for 90 days' is 
immigration problem," citing that naw in ju.tice eventually going to be !!lade by the ,court .yst~m 
.. just one of many problema that mu.t be dealt and not by somebody In the executive branch of 
with quickly and effectively in the near future. government and therefore we are going back to 

J 'N' al 'th 'th h" th - the court to a.k for instructions on whattodoand 
S UlStice ewmCan, oIongle WI haWi L~' ,0 theer that's where we are right now," said Jervi., tate upreme ourt c aguea, • ~n In 'the 'tu ti' 
timelight 01 late because hi. $73,743 a year sumnung up II a on. 
salary has been withheld for two month. pending Until the question i. resolved and the lawsuit 
the outcome of a civil.uit filed again.t the office decided, Newman and the other five justice. o~ 
of the State Controller. the Supreme Court bench will be -without pay. 

According to John Jervi. Aui.tanf Deputy 
State Controller, the p1aintiil, John Feliz of the 
"Law arld Order Campaign <;ommittee," will be 

Thus far, they have missed September and 
October paydays, amounting to a lou of about 
$12,000. 

Good Student Discou"t 
foreign Students 
~ Out-of-State Llcense~ 

No One Refused 

ONE STOP SHOPPING WITH OVER 
2S MAJOR COMPANIES 

CSE 
C""" .. a¥IC ........... . 

INSURANCE 

CALL ANYTIME 

1293-37631 
-IIIIS 

STUDENTS 
Married or Single 

Ages 18 and Over. 
Driver Training Credit 

Credit for Prior 
Insurance on 

Parents Policies 

2423 CAMINO DEL RIO SOUTH S.(..I. 
SUITE 112 1-8·AT TEXAS STREET 

womancare 

a feminist 
women', 

health cent., 

- Self-help 
- Well woman 
- Pregnancy 

screening 
- abortion 

up to 16 weeki 
- birth control 
- childbirth 
3616 4th Awnue 
Ian Diego, CA 

92103 
or call: 29 ... 352 

Interested in a Paralegal Career? 
Have you ever considered working in a 

• major financial institution • corporation 
UCLA 

EXTENSION 
• government agency • legal aid clinic -law firm 

UCLA Extension in cooperation with the UCLA School 
of Law offers the Attorney Assistant Training Program 
P.rticip,t. in 
• Certificate programs designed to provide 
marketable paralegal skills to qualified men 
and women 
• Five-month intensive training at the post-
bachelor's level 

• Assistance in seeking placement 
• Approved by the American Bar Association 

. If you are interested in further details and an application, please fill in and return the 
coupon or call Monica Noetling at (213) 825·0741 . ' 

r
l 

---~:~-::-~~::~-~=i::a-~-~~~~i~~-;~~~~:~~~-~-~:~~~~~-------------------l 
Sujt~ 214, P.O, Box 24901. Los Angeles, CA 90024, I 

I (213)825·0741 . f' I 
I : I Name: Address: I 
I: I City: State/ZIP: _________ _ l ____________________________________________________________________________ ~ 

The Country Deli 
__ 01_ 

dIIIctouIdIII aiel ... eeI", ___ 
OI ..... or'-..... 

p ______ ""2piiiwlli 
I 01 .. 

• I 
I , 
I 
I , 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 


