
The Daily- Guardian 
- . -

Volume 38, Nmnber 40 Univenity of California, San Diego Thunday, Nov~mber 1 S, 1979 

US Suffers Oil Loss; 
Iran Profits 'On the Spot' 

By ehri. Bragl 
Though the United States wiD .uffer &om the 10 .. of Iranian 

oil, Iran stands to profit from the loss of the United States as a 
customer, says S.S. Penner of the UCSD Energy Center. 

Penner points out that the .united States purchases oil from 
Iran at OPEC prices which, he states, are 50 to 100 percent 
lower than prices on the spot market, a free market located in 
Amsterdam which buys and sells oil at not OPEC prices. 

"Selling on the spot market is complex, but if the Iranians 
can do this they will be able to get a much higher price for their 
oil," says Penner. 

The United States imports about 750,000 barrels a day 
from Iran, about 4.3 percent of our total needs. "The United 
States will be able to find oil from other sources," states 
Penner, "but the price paid will be much higher." 

It is in fact conceivable that unless . the Carter 
Administration keeps close tabs on the origins of all oil 
purchased by the United States, we could receive second 
hand Iranian oil from the same spot market to which the 
Iranians sell. 

"The loss of Iranian oil will have nowhere near the effect 
the Arab oil embargo of 1973 had," states Penner. In 1973 
the United States lost 30 percent of its oil supp~es as 
compared to a loss of only 4.3 percent in today's situation. 
Penner predicts that the price a t the pump might increase by 
four to ten cents a gallon, but tha t gas will still be available. 

Co-op Will Recycle Papers 
By Bill Averill 

The UCSD food Co-op has plans to take over and expand a 
campus recycling program tha t is presently being run by an 
individual for profit. 

The co-op will soon start recycling paper from the computer 
center and other departments on campus and will place bins for 
old newspapers on all the colleges within the next few weeks, 
according to Daved Jaffe, a food co·op member active in the new 
recycling program. 

One of the main purposes of the recycling program is to "make 
people more aware of ecology" according to Jeri Lundberg, a core 
member of the co·op. 

Jaffe estimates that about a quarter of a ton of paper per day is 
being wasted on campus. He calculated this estimate by weighing 
an eight·page issue of the Guardian and multiplying that weight 
by ten thousand. , 

He hopes that when recycling bins are available, students will 
assist in conservation by bringing their newspapers to the bins 
after they have read them. 

Please lurn lu "aRe 8 

Gov't Expects Cooperation of 
Colleges in Iranian Deportations 

From the AaIociated Preu 
W ASHINCTON (AP) - The Carter 

administration said yesterday . it expects 
American universities to cooperate with 
immigration officials seeking out Iranian 
students violating the terms of their visas. 

David W. Crosland, acting head of the 
Immigration and Naturalization Service, said 
that there have been "no negative responses 
from any colleges." 

But, he added, any refusing to cooperate could 
lose their federal certification to accept any 
foreign students. 

(UCSD officials say they will cooperate with 
the INS check.) 

Attomey General Benjamin R. Civiletti issued 
a formal statement Tuesday requiring an 
estimated 50,000 Iranian students in the US to 
report to immigration officials within thirty days. 

The students will report either to district offices 
of the INS or immigration representatives 
scheduled to make campus appearances before 
Dec. 14. 

Meanwhile, anti-Iranian demonstrations on 
campuses across the country continued. 

Chanting "Nuke 'em till they glow," about 250 
protesters marched late Tuesday night on the 
University of Georgia (Athens) campus, 
demanding the deportation of 27 Iranians at the 
school. 

About 500 St. Louis University students 
gathered in front of a blood-stained American 
fl ag during an hour of peaceful protest. 

Albert Watkins, an organizer of the rally, said 
the flag was flown in Vietnam and , was stained 
with both American and Vietnamese blood. 

Police there said a computer list containing the 
names and addresses of 26 Iranian students at 
the school disappeared over the weekend. 

At one university , though, protesters rallied in 
favor of events in Iran. 

five people .staged a brief pro-Iranian 
demonstration at the University of Washington 
(Seattle), but their efforts were ignored by 
passersby. 

The "rally," sponsored by the International 
Committee Against Racism, urged protest. 
"against President Carter's racist roundup of 
Iranians. " 

In Chicago, a 30.year·old Iranian who tried to 

enter the country as a student waa ordered to 
leave, the second such order in two days. A third 
exclusion hearing waa held for an Iranian who 
arrived at O'Hare International Airport with a 
9O·day tourist visa. 

In San Antonio, Texal, an Iranian 
engineering student, Sayed Mojtaba Miri, 22, 
held on $40,000 bond for three days on charges 
of holding a job without authorization, waa freed 
Wednesday on $5,000 bond. 

Richard M. Caaillas, district director of the 
San Antonio Immigration and Naturalization 
Service office, said Miri had been held becauae 
he was thought to be a "security risk." 

In EI Paso, Texaa, border agent. stopped 
three Iranian students trying to return to FJ Paso, 
Texas, from Juarez, Mexico. 

Two AS Members 
Near Expulsion 

Two AS Council members face removal for 
absenteeism, said AS Vice President Nancy 
Laga last night. 

Laga sent letters to Public Relations 
Commissioner Jamie Montgomery, Muir 
representatives Peter Laura and Robb Strom 
and Third College representative Sergio Santos, 
asking them to explain their absences. 

Montgomery, Strom and Santos attended last 
night's meeting, but Laura neither responded to 
Laga nor showed up. 

If he does not contact her by tomorrow, she 
says, she will ask the Muir College Council to 
recommend his removal . 

The Third College Council wiu also be 
contacted by Laga regarding Santos. He 
attended last night's meeting but has failed to ' 
respond to Laga's letter. 

Cole Wants Changes in Communications 
8f Taylor Dark 

Michael Cole is unhappy with his 
communications program, and says 
the next two or three weeks "will be a 
seriou. decision making time." 

"The crucial issue is: Will there be a 
communications program, and if there 
is how are we going to get faculty? I 
would rather see the program 
dilContinued than to have it second 
rate," Cole said. 

In the memo, sent last week, Cole 
stated that the major prpblem facing 
the ...PfOgram waa a shortage of faculty. 

There are presently four permanent 
and four full·time faculty to serve 373 
major.. Cole feels the program could 
use at least 15 faculty and that the 
number of students would normally 
jUitify 17. The strain haa been 
increaaed because of the larger number 
of students in the program this year. 

Another problem has been that most 
of the faculty in communications are 
obtained uaing joint appointmentl with 
deparbnent.. Since communications is 
not a department, only a program, it il 
forced to use faculty who are officially 
members of another department but 
Ipend much "of their time in 
communication •. 

"Division of appointments causes a 
ready-made conflict situation," said 
Jame. Lyon, chairman of the 

c...-.. IiIe ",..".. 
Communicationl profellor Herbert Schiller (insert) and program 
director Michael Cole. 
Literature Dept. Literature is one of the 
departments that is not presently 
sharing faculty with communications, 
but may do so in the future. 

"It is an artificial dependency 
relationship," Lyon said. 

In Cole's memo to Vice·Chancellor 
Salbnan, he said that these problems 

should either be solved or the program 
should be eliminated . . 

"The campus must make a decision 
regarding their support for the 
program," Cole said. 

Saltman's response was to hold an 
informal meeting last Wednesday that 
included Saltman, Cole and the 
chairman or representative. of the 
seven departments that now or in the 
future may have joint appointments 

• with communications. The purpose of 
the meeting was to discuss the 
problems the program faces and its 
future on the camput'. 

Saltman says the meeting was the 
first step in his strategy to help 
communications. He said the present 
structure of the program was "very 
good" and that he is "seeking to 
implement it." What is needed, 
according to Saltman, is cooperation 
between communications and the other 
departments. This will be an 
incremental "evolutionary" approach 
designed to gain more and better staff 
and "decrease ok! prejudices." 

Cole, however, is ''not satisfied" with 
Saltman's plan. In the next two to three 
weeks Cole intendl to do a "fait 
exploration" of the degree to which the 
departments are willing to cooperate in 
upplying faculty. He will try to 

P/t.'Clst.' lurn 10 {)<l ilt! 8 



I Thunday, November IS, 1878 

Campaign Primer: Bumbling Across America 
~ William Hamilton 

The trouble with the 
upc:omi Presidential election 
ia the ~culty in comparins 
the contenden' ideological 
atances, especially beca~ 
the candidates rarely tranJlate 
their deceptive rhetoric into 

William Hamilton is a 
Doilll GUCI~dian arb writer. 
plain Engli.... Fortunately, 
however, the majority of these 
poIiticiana have at one time or 
another distinguished 
themaelves as complete and 
total fools, which provides a 
aubltantive basis from which 
to ridicule them unmercifully. 

Perhars the only facet of 
nationa elections which 
maintains avid observer 
i ..... est is keeping count of the 
blatant lies and freqpent 
atperaiona the candidates cast 
at each other. For example, 
few American political lies 
, ivai former President Lyndon 
ohnaon's campaign pledge 
bat he would under no 

dn:umstancea "send Ameri· 
can boys to fight in a war 
A.ian boys should be 
fiahting·" 

Our generation has been 
~ to be able to wibieas one 

of the most innocuous 
campaigna in history: the 
1972 Nixon effort against 
Sen. George McGQvern. 
Nixon was a shrewd 
maneuverer, having admir-
ably promised "peace is at 
hand" days before the 
election. He proceeded to 
fulfill that promise by 
escalating air strikes against 
the hapless Indochinese, in 
effect eliciting submiasion by 

implementi~ Curtit; leMay 
diplomacy ("bombing them 
back into the Stone Age"). 
leMay was no doubt anxious 
to create such a Neanderthal 
people 80 that he would have 
someone of his own level of 
intelligence to talk to besides 
George Wallace. Nixon's 
effectiveness in getting the 
North Vietnamese to the Paris 
Peace talks is nonpariel, since 
you too would be interested in 
ce .... tion of hostilities if your 
family were strewn in a bloody 
heap acroll the landscape. 

Vested interests and big 
busine.. will never exhibit a 
preference for any candidate's 
ascendancy to the presidency, 
since no matter what party is in 
power they will continue to 
ream the American public .. 

Whoever wins next year, the 
electorate can take heart that 
beginning with Harrison in 
1840 every 20 years the 
president has died in office. 

Let us briefly examine the 
major contender. in the 1980 
Presidential race. 

Jimmy Carter. It is unfair to 
excessively criticize the 
President for his failure to 
accomplish any substantial 
institutional reforms or to pass 
through Congress any 
effective legislation until he is 
given another term to 
complete his programs. At 
least, this is the only plausible 
explanation I can concoct to 
explain his administration's 
ineffectiveness to date. If one 
waits, at; he has, to enact 
portions of a national health 
insurance plan until the 
economy permits we will all be 
dead and buried and in no 
need ' of the program. The 
tremendous progress he and 
Cyrus Vance have made in 
negotiating a Middle East 
peace settlement is so mind· 
boggling that I'll bet you Israel 
is scrapping ita armed forces 
and the Palestinians are 
dancing in the streets. The 
Shah of Iran would probably 
~------------------------~ ~---------------------------, 

America Pays for Its Mistakes 
By Arlene Mcintyre know how much our government contribulell to 

As much as I sympathize with the Iranian the troubles of Iran. This has to come out. 
students, we can't send the Shah back. 

It'. not 10 much that we will lose face in the It might be beat if a trial could be held in a 
political wortd; I think we've already proven our neutral country. We couldn't hold one in the 
political feeblene .. in Korea and in Vietnam. states because our government would want to 
And, it's not a& if moat Americans are down.play our role with the Shah's regime. This 
aupporters of the Shah's regime; I sense they do is very understandable; it's going to be very 
grasp some, but not all, of the corruption that he embarra .. ing to admit to the American people 
brought upon Iran. ' and to the world that we not only made a tragic 

error, but that we tried to conceal it. It's not as 
Arlene Mcintyre is a Warren College though this is a bjg secret; most of the world 

freshman. · already know. about our practice of setting up 
political puppets. But the American people 

No, I feel the real realOn why we can't send don't know and, fQr a nation that ends its pledge 
the Shah back is our obligation to justice. of allegiance with, "and justice 'for all," our 

It's ironic that I speak of justice, I know. Our government has proved to be very hypocritical. 
country, which put the Shah's father into power, 
which supported the Shah - even though we I think Americans are ready to accept the 
knew of the corruption and of ~ terrorilllTl that truth. They su~t, or have suspected, that the 
was plaguing the country - must IOmehow CIA and the FBI have not reaMY done much 
arrange for justice. We can't send the Shah good for our country lately. The nefarious 
back to Iran; he would not receive a fair trial. espionage belongs to a palsed era. Setting up 
Putting one extremist in the hand. of another is political puppets is not only a way of gaining 
not the answer. Yet he mUlt be tried to maintain world power. Too often, as is the case with the 
world peace. Shah, we are burned. 

Ma.t Americans would say, "Let him be. 
What is done i. done. Hell never be able to So, while our conclusion may be to not get 
have political power again, and he will Hve in involved with other countries' internal affairs, 
fear for the re.t of hi. life; that is enough for our government still has that obligation to the 

let'. not get any more involved." I world,andtoitsownpeople,toadmititawrong-
..... .,.._. I don't think that most Americans doings and to administer justice. 

- ----...:: 

have been less of a political 
liability to his administration 
than Hamilton Jordan, Burt 
Lance, and Andrew Young. 
The only campaign promise 
he has effectively upheld was 
to bring into his administration 
individuals who do not have a 
political background. 

Jerry Brown. Perhaps the 
only politician in history who 
has based his election 
campaigns on promising less. 
And he certainly has · 
delivered. Jerry Brown't; 
concept of alternative energy 
sources is to harness the heat 
energy generated by 
American males attending a 
Linda Ronstadt concert. 

f..dward Kennedy. Teddy 
Kennedy is truly a United 
States senator. His personal 
charisma and repeated non-
candidacy have made his 
name a household word. But 
then, 80 is Sani-flush.ln 1972 

- he authored a book entitled In 
Critical Condition, which, 
'surprisingly, did not deal with 
his faltering political career but 
rather with the state of our 
health care system One must 
question the workings of a 
mind which considers to be 
profound such statements as 
" ... (medical) bills which will 
bankrupt one family may be 
within another family's ability · 
to pay." Teddy also believes 
that "for many the cost (of 
medical care) is worse tIlan the 
iUne ... " Y e .... one ruust agree 
that it is better than the 
alternative. 
Gerald Ford. The only reason 
Gerald Ford wiU not run this 
year is because he wiD mi .. the 
filing deadline. The story goes 
that Jerry felt 10 guilty about 
his wife's infirmities that he 
voluntarily underwent .urgery 
to have both hemispheres of 
his brain excised. Jerry likes 
being President. Fortunately, 
the American electorate Hkes 
him being an ex-President 
better. 

Ronald Reagan. There is a 
defective aspect not only of 
Reagan'. campaign strategy, 
but of his chromo.ome 
structure as well. Ronny is best 
remembered for his quote 
during the student rebellions of 
the late 1960s regarding 
techniques for dealing with 
radical leftists. " If there's 
going to be a bloodbath, then 
let's get it over with." The 
intense patriotic spirit which 
characterized Reagan'l stance 
on the Panama Canal i .. ue 
("We bought it, we paid for it, 
we are going to keep it") would 
definitely interject some 
excitement into the droll 

politics of foreign policy, that is 
if you consider it a challenge to 
dodge thermonuclear 
warheads. There is a perverse 
mystique to Reagan the 
politician. One must admit 
that his most outs.tanding 
thespian performance was his 
eight-year run in Sacramento 
where he portrayed the 
governor of California, 
wielding that blue pencil like a 
six·shooter. 

George Bush . Who? Ex-
CIA Director George Bush. 
Oh! That George Bush. 
Actually, as a result of the 
bwnbling ineptness of Bush, 
the American public finally 
was able to peer into the once-
secretive CIA bureaucracy. 
Perhaps he could do the same 
for the White House, taking 
over where Carter and Nixon 
left off. 

Richard Schweiker. A 
Hberal Republican for whom it 
was not ideologically 
imcompatible to run as 
Reagan' 5 vice-presidential 
candidate. If nominated, he 
would probably attempt to 
draft Kennedy as his running 
mate. 

Phillip Crane. for many 
Americans, the "American 
Dream " means sending 
rednecks like Crane back to 
school to.receive an education. 

John Connally. If 
Connally's past political 
stratagems are a t;ignificant 
indicator of his knowledge of 
American pOlitics, then we 
must doubt his sanity. He has 
submitted that the failure of the 
Carter administration is by-
and-large due to the fact that 
Carter iii not a "profesaional 
politician." Connally, we then 
must assume, purports to be 
one of the highest caliber. This 
is difficult to swallow, though, 
when we take into account that 
he chaired the National 
Democrah for Nixon 
Committee shortly before 
switching parties, a brilliant 
political decision over which 
he must certainly have no 
re8!.ets. 

The best presidential race 
would pit Sens. McGovern 
and Barry Goldwater Sr. 
against each other, since . 
neither candidate could defeat 
the other and the .election 
would be deadlocked until the 
late 1980s, unleas the House 
voted for vice-presidential 
candidate Miller over Shriver, 
and then only if Miller flashes 
his American Express card to 
verify his identity. 

The relt of you can do as 
you please. My vote goes to 
Harold Stanen. 

Thunday, November II, 1979 The Dally Guardian 3 

ASSOCIATED 'PRESS·NEWS BRIEFSI 
. I.INTERN~TIONAL· I, I: NATIONAL II STATE J 

Quake Kills 500 Oil Profits 'High' BART Back Soon? 
LONDON - A strong earthquake flattened at 

least 18 villages in northeast Iran early yesterday, 
killing at least 500 persons, rescue workers said. 

Scores were reported injured in the quake that 
Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the nation's 
revolutionary leader , called "tragic and frightening." 

"It is possible the death· toll will exceed 1,000," 
said Mohammed Ali Shirazi, reached by telephone 
from Nicosia, Cyprus. 

The tremor was felt in Mashad, 500 miles east of 
Tehran, but none of the famous domed mosques, tall 
minarets or other buildings in the holy city suffered 
any damage, Shirazi said. 

The quake measured 6.7 on the Richter scale, the 
US Geological Survey i'l Denver reported, but 
Tehran Radio, monitored in London, placed the 
quake's magnitude at 5.6. 

Tehran Radio said the quake shook a wide area of 
the province from Tabas, Ferdows and Gonabad and 
said 250 bodies had been recovered from debris in 

. Qaen, 200 miles south of Mashhad . 

Iran Assets Frozen 
UNITED NATIONS - In two swift moves of a 

grim global chess game , Iran tried to pull its billions of 
dollars out of American banks yesterday but was 
checked by an emergency freeze on Iranian funds 
ordered by President Carter. Efforts to free the US 
Embassy hostages in Tehran shifted to the United 
Nations. 

Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance flew to New 
York to confer with UN Secretary-General Kurt 
Waldheim, who has offered to mediate the II-day-
old Iran crisis. . 

Moslem students holding the embassy and 98 
hostages · showed· no sign of easing their stand - they 
will not free their captives until Shah Mohammad 
Reza Pahlavi is returned to Iran to stand trial. The 
Iranian decision to withdraw funds from American 
banks was announced at a Tehran news conference 
by Bani Sadr. 

. WASHINGTON - Three consumer groups said 
yesterday that the way they figure it, oil company 
profits are at least 33 percent higher than officially 
reported. 

The groups said accounting methods used by the 
oil companies, although legitimate, end up 
understating profits in the companies' public reports. 
Other accounting practices provide more realistic, 
and much larger, profit figures, they said. 

The criticism of published profit reports was 
outlined in a study.issued jointly by the Citizen-Labor 
Energy Coalition, the Energy Action Educational 
Foundation, and the Tax Reform Research Group. 

The groups also said oil company acquisitions of 
other companies, both in and out of energy 
production, shows they are not using all of their 
available cash to develop additional oil and gas. 

Robert Me Intyre, spokesman for the Citizen-
Labor Energy Coalition, said the study "points out 
how ridiculous the industry's contention is that the oil 
producers need more cash to finance new 
exploration. " 

ITT Head Resigns 
NEW YORK - Har~ld S. Geneen resigned 

yesterday as chairman of International Telephone & 
Telegraph Corp., effective Dec. 31. The giant 
communications concern's board named ITT 
president Rand V. Araskog to succeed Geneen. 

The resignation of Geneen, 70, capped !leveral 
months of maneuvering in ITT, the nation's 11th 
largest company. 

ITT president and chief executive officer Lyman 
C. Hamilton Jr. was replaced last July, after 28 
months in that post, by the 48 year-old Araskog, 
who had been senior vice president and chief 
operating officer of the company. 

Hamilton had been viewed as Geneen's hand· 
picked successor. But sources said Geneen had been 
displea!led with Hamilton's tenure as president and 
shunted him aside in favor of Aratikog, .-

EYE GlASSES/CONTACT LENSES 

SAN FRANCISCO - Union and mangemenl 
negotiators, amid conflicting reports that a settlement 
is near, continued marathon bargaining talks 
yesterday in hopes of ending a 10-week-oid Bay 
Area Rapid Transit system labor dillpute. 

"I think we have the ingredients for agreement. 
Whether the thing will collapse or settle wiD be 
decided tonight...todar, is the day of decision to see f 
we can put it together, 'said Paul Varacalli, presider t 
of United Public Employees' Union Local 390, on.! 
of two unions engaged in labor talks with BART. 

Varacalli's organization and the Amalgamate3 
Transit Union Local 1555 represent some 1,651 
workers involved in a labor dispute with BART. 

"I think both sides would agree that if this ian t 
settled today it may be January before we sit dow • 
again . We have a history of not talking for a mont 1 
or more once negotiatiQii~ fall apart," Varacalli laic . 

Murder· Ruling 
SAN FRANCISCO - A defendant can be 

convicted of manslaughter, but not murder, when ~e 
believes he had to kill to protect his own Hie, d-e 
California Supreme Court has ruled. 

But the c,:,,,rt refused to order a new trial for tt ~ 
man who brought the appeal, Charles Flannel, wi- ) 
was convicted of murdering his father·in-law Ibn ~ 
years ago .in Oakland. 

. Mathew T obriner wrote the 6-1 decision. au !f 
Justice Rose Bird authored the dissent which said 
Flannel should have been granted a new trial because 
the trial judge failed to instruct the jury on the eel '· 
defense belief issue. 

Flannel was convicted of fatally shooting Char~ i 
Daniels. FlaMel claimed he feared Daniels Wi 
about to attack him with a switchblade knife. 

T ob,iner said the law permits acquittal of a 
defendant when he has an honeat and reasonab.e 
belief that he must defend himaelf. 

Sorrento Valley 

Student Special 
Helena Rubinstein 

or PIerre Gordin 
Glosses 

Regular $89,95 Jist 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
$99 pair or 2 pair $139 

Racquetball & Spa 
r--------2-for-l! --
I $2.501 hour non prime·tlme I 
I (/ v gular $250 each) : pluS ·free' stylish rimless designed sunglasses 

5399S value included free With your contact purchase 

......... .-.1 NORTH COUNTY 

-,- 9855 E,mo Rood , Suite 107 

16:30- 11 am, 1-4 pm. 8- 10 pm - I 
I UCSD Student wI lD only I 
L __ expires21 November. 1979 llil sm5-~ ~ ~I """"'- noIlnciUded. Medica l Dental Center 

Dr, AJa.r~~~~' <;>.0 , 1.15 & M ira Meso Rood Exit 
.. ~~~ --~ 10999 Sorrento Valley Road • San Die~o, Californ ia 92121 .. ________________ 566·9900_ ... ________________ J 

CLOSED 

TDlsBIua 
Man 

••••••••• 
GlAND OPBNING 

NIGHTS 

,It., "m ... 1 .... ,(\lC '·/llwj.IPII'loJ'"'''' It{ 
~ ... ~ ... " .. "" ...... " ....... "' ... ~1fI 

,It... Ml'III" • ., ",-\.C'j)ojn ~" ,1<1. 
"r.~ rt~LI:~~:'L i~~~;~I;. 
",.Jr",.., .. ~oI>kol"""",.n 

",",,, .. , ... ,Iv. ,,,,',H,'ll'l..itlo. ..-1111 
,.,l'tI!ftrwII.IJm 

UTI_1M 

..... ""'--_ .. -TITh 1l:JOto1:1O. _21M 
CcMMCOde: _ 
ItI',""''III'" ,,,,. If,hI..· ,ft 11t~ T" ,"'II",II 
l=r~~I;;~~.I:,,:I!,:t~::'"h.H.:~~~:f 
,,"HIIU /.""" .• , •••.• ', Io·un. , 
hut'IFl\041 ............ ,f .. .ltl,.,' ,",',1. ....... , uoW 
/'\'Wlft,"''J!"oIl Abu •• >4.'f.J M,1I1t.. Ih.: 
<'I.,JI' ... ,,,, ,,J,J.."':fI\/tllllflOo"" " 'lI...Mw.,J., 
,.f J"," ,; ....... , .... tlJ1~ jmJ I ..... IIII~ I\N. 

:,~::t,:~~:::::: :~ .. ~~:;..:~"\. 

UTIIN 15' CONTIWOIWrY _ 

UlIIIATIIII: ........, 
'_M._ 

=~ti=:I070 
r~l\ ~r .. " .. dl ,'/h.T" .... "", .. 1 JIITn"! II/ 

1 ..... 1n .. T1l t~" .. n.-." \H' W ... ,i'I(-.J'r~ 
."L"",,lottf,,"',~~ .. m .... , .. ~.ot,,,..., 
"" .. ,'fftI.'lliI. , .... h.JuIJI '''-Ik'tUJf ..... h.,} .. "" 

~* .\.iIiMlIl .. Un C"II~'l(.·. ,he H .. m. '''l 
~::"d':"~:{· ~;;J'Z' :;:::!' ~,',:~: 
"'.,,10 ...... , ~ ..JJrt"",", , ..... Io:..wmc .. 1 
.t'"'""!ftlJt"Il""' .... 't1u.4ft IJllLTn •• t.Ulo." 1.1.11 
k..Jltfl\· W(k" T\\.Ifd,"tJ 11/ ,,,,,. ,"u 
.,.,wlf\,ll',,"" "",,, ""''''' .. nJ .wMJ,,,,,, •• 11 
..... " ......... .... RloJ' .. UIf.'IWl'VI' ... lkJl'lh"'"lllu 
lJnJ ,.IIft.".,f'r I"~'" ,,,,...JIlllV' 

UT liN '11 I\ Mt.H/CI\N " J£THl "-III •. '\'"'H' .n/l ~.tr..~~ '" ~"11l(' 
UT:SP H, Xtx t ~NTl ' fH N()VEl-"'I/l~ .) ... ~~ ... 1'" ./f/ • .",J '" "I"'1\fC 

.. _t_ A 4 ........ __ ., __ ",_ .. 
ttM._ ... , 

UCSD 
Bud\Jet Numb rs 

a ccepted 



WALK'S PLACE 

SATURDAY 
Realism Jazz 

Ensemble 
8:00 pm 

presents 

__ -FRIDA¥-.. 
Thunderbolt the 

WonderCoH 
3:30-6:30 pm 

WEDNESDAY. NOV 21 
Amateur Night! 

Thunday. NOYeIIlber 11. urn 

" 

plesen's 

'l'handay. November 11. 1871 The Dally Guardian I 

Unlike Any Social Drama 

Buchner's 'Woyzeck' is a Masterpiece 
By William Gibson 
Senior Staff Writer 

Georg Buchner's Woyzeck will be 
presented by the John Muir Theatre 
tonight, Friday and Saturday nights 
only. To describe the play is to limit it, 
to be unfair to this miasma, this 
masterpiece of the early nineteenth 
century. 

I call Woyzeck a social drama, butit 
is unlike any social drama I have seen. 
Its characters fall vaguely and 
incompletdy into three classes . The 
first is the Anny; Woyzeck is a soldier, 
abused and subjected to inhuman 
experimentation by his "superiors," 
who study him with an absurd scientific 
interest and detachment, hilarious and 
frightening. The doctor (Walter 
Schoen) flits about Woyzeck with no 
more interest in him than in a flea. The 
Captain hurls verbal abuse at 
Woyzeck while the latter shaves him, 
bowing and stuttering apologies . Then 
there are the gypsies, shamans, 
spouting Darwinian fables, and their 
leader, an enchanteuse (Sandra 
Franklin) whose belief in her words 
di.appears as .he intoes them, 
fascinating and terrifying the third 

group, the townspeople, a collection of 
bands and idiots. They, like everyone 
else, spout fragmented fable and 
prophecy,laughing off the significance 
of their words. 

In the middle of all this is Woyzeck, 
the soldier, pla~ed by Daniel Wirth. He 

attributes of a beast. Lisa Wolpe 
plays the girls who betrays Woyzeck 
(or so she believes she does). She is a 
coarse young woman, considered a 
whore by the villagers, trapped by her 
womanhood, and always seeking 
salvations, whether it be pecuniary or 

"Wirth's cha"racteri%ation 
of Woyzeck is the best seen 
in three years at UCSD." 
is a romantic hero, an idealist pitted 
against the forces of society, the moral 
voice crying out in the wilderness, but 
Wirth's character outstrips all such 
tawdry cliches. He's a visionary, what 
we would call psychotic - contorted, 
trembling common man. He has 
nothing but his woman, and he can't 
hold her because he has no pride, self· 
respect, money or any of the things 
which would make a man of him. He is 
finally cuckolded by an army captain, 
who embodies the above manly 
qualities, making them seem the 

divine. Her soliloquy while the Idiot 
raves is one of the most striking in this 
production. 

It would be impossible to say enough 
about Wirth's characterization of 
Woyzeck; it is the belt this reviewer 
has seen in three years at UCSD. Much 
of the credit must go to Michael 
Addi.on, whose performance al the 
director is superlative. 

He places Wirth, who hal a huge, 
gangling frame, in position. which 

convey Woyzeck'. internal dynamism, 
his agony and fury at hi. situation 
every moment of the performance. 
While Woyzeck is the meek little man, 
his ravingi are those of a moralist, his 
sorrows the weight of a univerae on his 
back, his every movement an agony to 
be borne - it take. quite an actor to 
portray a character ~ke thi., but Wirth 
does so, in spades .. 

Due credit must be given to the cast 
as a whole. The John Muir Theatre 
words all an ensemble, with few props, 
no decoration.; precision of 
movement, rapidity of transition, 
language, light and shadow are their 
tools. They are efficiently uaed here. 
Some lines are spoken offstage, some 
in the dark, adding to the unreal feel of 
the play. The ca.t members move 
rapidly and confidently from scene to 
scene, carrying the action smoothly to 
its denouement. 

What can I say? The. production i. 
fantastic, and the play? Wo),zeck say., 
U A man is an abYII... WeD then, 
Woyzeck is an abYII. You can dive in 
this weekend at HSS 2260 for 99 
cents. 

a feminist 
women'. 

health center 

- SeIf.ftelp 
-Wellwoman 

ANNOUNCING .•• 
Carnegie A-440/ VCSD 
~~ 

36164 ... ".... 
Ian Diego, CA 

. 92103 
or call: 29 .... 2 

JoJPH 
CARDENAS 

I 
Happy 

21St Birthday 

YOU 
GORGEOUS 

HUNK! 
I 

-from an 
~I" 

"HAIR 
FACTORY" 

459-2400 
By Appt . . 

- Pregnancy 
screening 

- abortion 
up to 16WMk1 

- birth control 
- childbirth 

TI---r 
IETIEI 
Cliffs Notes help busy 
people ... 
• study more effectively. 
• illCl1lS8 understanding of 

nMII, plays n · poems. 
• review Quickly' for exams. 
Come In todlY' We have 
more than 200 Cliffs Notes 
titles to help Improve your 
grades and SIVt time. 
Available at: 

BOOKSElLER 

HAPPY HOVRS 
snJDENis, 
FA CVLTY, 

STAFF 

"world's most 
unique pizza" 

12" Cheese Pizza ~ ...... 
PLUS ~(",Iie 

60 oz. pitcher C1l.~O 
of d~~t~o'abeer ,c:/qi;zza 

'Ball $5 95 (reg $8.15) 
.4:30-7:00 pm, Mon-Fri, Every WeekI 

Plenty for four! . 
2212 Carmel Valley Road. Del Mar • 755-6778 



Tbunda)" NovembU' ll, 1179 

LINKABIT CORPORAT'ION, 
SAN DIEGO 

HAS A CAREER FOR· YOU IN 
-SPACE & SATELLITE 
COMMUNICATIONS 

LlNKABIT offers you an opportunity to challenge and expand your abilities; to take advantage 
of exceptional career growth and personal reward opportunities; and to work in an environ· 
ment where innovation and individual performance are directed, encouraged and recognized 
by outstanding professionals. 
Located near the University of Califqrnia, San Diego, our facility offers ready access to San 
Diego's beaches, recreational and cultural offerings. 
LlNKABIT continues to build its reputation as a pacesetter in communication system research, 
development, design and implementation. Our rapid growth has created openings for indivi-
duals with interests and backgrounds in: 

• COMMUNICATION SYSTEM DESIGN 
• MICROPROCESSOR BASED COMMUNICATION 

COMPONENTS 
• DIGITAL SIGNAL PROCESSING 
• COMMUNICATION AND INFORMATION THEORY 
• AFDESIGN . 
• LOGIC DESIGN ' 
• REAL-TIME SOFTWARE DESIGN 
• MICROPROCESSOR ARCHITECTURE 
• TECHNICAL MANAGEMENT 
• POWER SUPPLY DESIGN 
.• PACKET SWITCHING 
• COMMUNICATION NETWORKS 
LlNKABIT Corporation is engaged in the development, design and manufacture of communi-
cations systems and components primarily for satellite and space application. 
LlNKABIT was founded 11 ' years ago by a group of communication engineers. Since then. we have 
grown to a company of over 430 employees . including a growing number of ~CSD engineers. 
Franklin Antonio Patrick Lee Allen Shumate 
Michael Aird Anna Scharschmidt David Austin 
Dave Collins Andrew Pavelchek Gillian Ackland 
William Morris Dr. lIan Rothmuller Dr. John Jay Kaufman 
Nancy Cohn Peter Pardee 
Dr. Arne Mortensen James Hobza 
IF YOUR CAREER OBJECTIVES MATCH OUR OPENINGS, DISCUSS YOUR PROFESSIONAL FUTURE 
WITH US AT OUR ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS SCHEDULED FOR 

FRI., NOVEMBER 16 
Should you be unable to meet with us, please send your resume to 

Michael Lubin, Director of Administration. 

LINKABIT CORPORATIO~ 
10453 Ros.n. Str •• t San Diego, Ca. 92121 

An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer 

* Others with relevant backgrounds welcome, tOO! 

ftandq. NOftIDber II, 1171 

Classifieds 
PERSONAls 
MiSlef Magoo • You've given me a heart. 
Whal mOte can I ask for? Thanks for 
everything. Triple T. (11115) 
Jeff and Fred - You can't remain ignorant 
forover. When's dinner •• S. Wh~e & M. 
Osmond. (II/IS) 
Ever sluffed a Turkey? Revelle Turkeys -
enler lhe pumpkin pie eating coni est on 
Turkey Tuesday. (II/IS) 
GOBBLE. GOBBLEI Thai's turkey talk for 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! All turkeys come 
10 Revelle Turkey Tuesday. (II / IS) 
AIIentlon Pre· Law studenls Info on 
careers Wed. Nov.14 t 2·1 pm Student 
Affairs Room. Bldg B. (11 / 15) 
VIBRA slill needs a date for the 3rd College 
Boat Dance. Buy your lix now. Only $2.50. 
( 11 ': 5) 
Happy Birlhday Joe 100 bad Ihlngs have not 
worked oul. Always yours . Linda. (11/15) 
Joseph Cardenas have a very nice and 
beauliful b"lhday Dona. Amy. JOIll and 
Sara. (II / IS) 
Jose Ramirez you handsome guy Happy 
Birthday love Laura (II / IS) 
Happy 21 sl Blrlhday you are now a cerlified 
man and Ihat's whal I'm here for. Julia 
(II / IS) 
Happy Birlhday Bill M (alias Zarro). I'd offer 
a B'day kiss bul whal would Ihe Wile Ihink? 
Ihe 2F genius (11115) 
Earn 4· 16 unils wllh an internship from 
CASINO. Over 500 choices - politicians. 
educahon. health. law. consumer and more 
Pick up application al CASINO In AS oHice 
at Student Cenler. Deadhne is Nov. 19. 
(t 1/19) 
ABORTION IS A CRIME THAT KILLS nol 
only the child but the consciences of all 
involved - Mother Teresa - (1 t /30) 
SLAVEHOLDERS protested "Don't Impose 
your morals on us" Now abortlonisls chant 
lhe same relrain. (11/30) 
FREE PREGNANCY TESTING AND 
COUNSELING. MEDICAL AND FINANCIAL 
AID REFERRALS 24 hrs. AT 583·5433 
(t 1/30) 
Need revenge withoul risk? If so. we can 
help. UCSO's newest service. Dial·A·Prank 
has a wide variety 01 chOices. For a small 
fee. you can have your revenge. Call: 
4538118 or 453· 9696 NOW'! (11 / 16) 

To lhe guy in my biochem class who always 
comes In late lhal's cool. (sluden!) (11/15) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
IT'S HAPPENING ON THE MUIR OUAD ON 
FRI. NOV. 16 NOON CONCERT WITH THE 
ONE AND ONLY "MATRIX" BE THERE!" 
(11/16) 
DARK STAR. science ficlion club. meets 
Thursday al 7 pm In Ihe Revelle Informal 
Lounge. All are welcomel (II / IS) 
SF means more than books Come talk to us 
about your interest In It. tonight at 7 pm in 
Informal Lounge. (II / IS) 
Are YOU MEDITATING MORE but, 
ENJOYING IT LESS? Then come to a free 
Intensive workshop in introductory and 
advanced meditallon WRh Dr Frederick 
Lenz. At this workshop you will learn 
medilallon techniques that will BRING YOU 
INTO THE S·K· yl Thursday at 4 '00 pm 
North Conference Room, Student Center. 
(11115) 
Personal HeaHh Profile. Workshop What 
factors are really influenCing your health? 
Come jOin us Sun Nov 18 9· 12 noon in the 
North Conlerence Room. Stud. Center 
Sponsored by SHIP. (I I / 16) 
Carnegie A·440 now offers a happy hour 
special to UCSD students. laculty and staff-
. hom 4:30 to 7:00 pm. Mon·Frl. a 60 oz 
pitcher of coke or beer and 12" cheese 
pizza costs you only 55.95! (reg. $8.25 
value). (1 I / 16) 
Amateur Audition Night at WalkS Place al 
the Pub Wed. Nov 14 & 21 6:00 on. Contact 
Jim Laughlin. 755-7825.(111 t 6) 
Racquetball at Black Mountain. Play two 
hours for two bucks! Meel us at Urey Hall 
mailbox 8:30 pm Thurs. (11/15) 
Athleles - Lets find a chancellor who cares 
about UCSD sports. Fill out the 
questionnaire In the Guardian and ask for a 
person with plans for athletics.( 11/16) 
NIGHTS OUT IS NOV 16TH. NIGHTS OUT ' 
IS NOV 16TH. Buy your tickets in advance. 
Come prepared for the best in 
entertainment. (1 t / 16) 
ABORTIONISTS hired to kill with your reg 
fees? Yesl Angry? Object? Join the 
resistorsl How? 454· 1962. (1 I / 30) 
CASINO is the Community / Associated 
Students Internship Off,ce

' 
Drop by our 

olfice al lhe Siudent Center and ask about a 
..... nler quarler Ipternshlpl Deadline is Nov. 
19! (11/19) 

Open 1 0 am to 1 0 pm everyday! 

buy. sell and trade new and used books 
half price paperbacks! 

D.G.WILLS 
BOOKS 

La Jolla's only 
- indoor/outdoor bookstore/coffeehouse 

7527 La Jolla Blvd. 
456-1800 

Wouldn't it be CL'TTific ... 
far any communal worker 

to get out of the office, 
to go lomewhere where the phone isn't always calling 

your name. 
to spend a summer with people who care about being 

Jews and about the communities they serve. 
and to return home refreshed and more qualified to do 

the job )IOU dreamed of doing? 

YOU CAN DO IT. 
NEXT SUMMER. 
at HEBREW UNION CO LEGE in Los Angeles 

Some very fine human beings-scholars of distinction 
and knowledgeable professionals will assemble for sewn 
weeks to ruminate on ancient thoughts and modem 
dilemmas. 

It's a very special program. a,td there is room fOT ),()ll. 
Far information. u.,.ite: 
HEBREW UNION COLLEGE 
School of J~'U'ish Communal S~'Tvice 
3077 UnitJersity Avenue 
Los Angeles. CA f)0007 

woyzeck - A brutal tragedy Nov 14-17. 
8:00 pm HSS 22SO 99C at the door. (11/16) 

SERVicES 
Carnegie A·440 now olfers a happy hour 
speclalla UCSD students. faculty and stalf . 
• Irom 4:40 to 7:00 pm. Man-Fri. a 60 oz 
pitcher of coke or beer and 12" cheese 
pizza costs you only $5951 (reg $6.25 
value). (11/16) 
Keg discounts for UCSD students UCSD 
area. PB & MB. Call today for wl<nd Dehvery 
avail Rick 272· t 855 (1 I /15) 
WAIT' Don't Illn in your winter quarter class 
schedule unlll you have stopped by 
CASINO Earn 4· t 6 units with a San Diego 
Internship Over 500 choices. Stop by 
CASINO at the Studenl Center in AS olflce 
(I I 119) 

JENNY'S HOME TYPING - Term papers. 
theses. dlss Days and eves 225· 1449 
(11130) 
TYPists' IBM exper / theses / disser / term· 
papers / editing RUSH JOBSI 453·0656 
452· 1588 286· 4936 225· 1449 (6/t 5) 
Typing. Unlversrty City. IBM selectric. Fast 
reliable. Days 452·4244. ask for Jane. Eves 
453·4966. (1 1/ 30) 
Typing - te<m papers. theses. diss. IBM 
correcting selectric Reasonable. Mrs. Olds 
4llS· 0127. (1 t / 30) 

housiNG 
Roommate wanted for La Jolla Calida. All 
facilities pool. lacuz. tennis. maid once a 
wee!< . 5225. Cell Joyce 299·6968 days. 
(11116) 
Available In December: room lor male to 
share 4·bedroom country living. 20 mlns 
from campus. ~ mile Irom beach. $175 /mo 
Oceanside. 722·7939. (11 /30) 
For rent I bdrm In La Jolla hOuse. Lndry. 
fireplace. 10 mins from UCSD. Available 
end Nov, Dec 454· 7241 . (11115) 
Mammoth Chalet for Rent - 4 bedroom. 2 
bath. sleeps 10. completely furnished. all 
wood. big fireplace. 3 blocks from lift 7 & 8. 
Available for wee!<end. weekly or monlhly 
rental. Rales for weekend $100/ nlghl. 
weekly $85/ night. monthly $65/ nlght..5O'Mr 
non-refundable deposll to reserve. Plan 
now forMammoth Call Doug (714)5405222 
or (71 4)77()'0571. (11127) 
Need roommete 1 bdrm apart very near 
UCSD. Renl S1 65 plus utilities. Mellow non· 
smoker. Leave message al P.O. 4786 
ARGO John. (1 I / 16) 

Sublet my 1 bdrm apt oYer xmas bfeak. 
Furn. all util pd. linens. dishes. $175, Call 
Carla 272-3148. 453·7162 (II/IS) 
For rent I bdrm In as bedrm hOuee. Localed 
In S L.J. $157 plus elec. pOO4. yard. garage, 
fruit trees . washer. dryer. fireplace. 7 blocks 
to beach. Ph. 488·6768, ask lor Sherrie Of 
Sharon. (1 1120) 
Roommale Jan. 5 own bedroom In a 3 
bedroom I II> bath. Near UCSD $ 141 mo. 
pluS utilities non · smoker . 453· 4501. 
(11/21) 
Unique. newly decorated 3 bdrm. 3 bath 
house. panoramic oceanvlew. sun deck. 
wei bar. f"eplace. lenced yard. double 
garage. preler graduate studenls. Evenings 
753·6t 50. weekends 753·4384 S795/ mo 
(11/16) 
Roommate needed to share large wood· 
paneled room. Large hOuse With pool & 
garden Bike distance from UCSD. 
Available for Winter & Spring quarters 
$1 t 4. Cell anytima 453·2925. (1 t / 28) 

WANTEd 
DESPARA TL Y NEEDED 4 tickets to The 
Dead on Friday Will trade 4 for Sat and 
money if better. 488· t 634 (1 1/ 19) 
Divorced persons needed for psychology 
sludy here at UCSD For Info call Seott 452· 
3916. 270-0351 eve. (1112 1) 
HOMEWORKERS Earn S50.00/ hundred 
secunng. stuffing envelopes. Free Deta ils. 
Reply : L 14W. Box 94485, Schaumberg. IL 
60194. (t 1/2t) 
Housesilling Job or Api / House 10 rent lor 
Dec. 453-3804. Mal (1 I / t 5) 

EASY EXTRA INCOMEI $50/1 000 Stuffing 
envelopes-Guaranteed . Send self 
addressed. stamped envelope to: DEXTER 
ENTERPRISES 3039 Shrine PI. LA. CA. 
90007. (I 1116) 

1978 Toyota Celica ST. Immaculate 
cond~ion. Air. AM / FM. 5·speed. Low miles 
S6100. 942·0/52. (t 1/2 1) 
American Airlines Half Fare Coupon Cheap 
$35. Pete 579-8761 Of 465·6660, Leave 
name and number·. 

BRAND NEW LEVIS JEANS S01 's size 
34w361. Good deal $11.00. Call Jell 453· 
3685 (11116) 
ABORTIONISTS HIRED TO KILL WITH 
YOUR REG FEES? ANGRY? OBJECT? 
JOIN THE RESISTORSI HOW? 454· 1962 
(11/30) 

~OUR FU;; 
''l ,~~ ~ ~ 9>'W3~ ~ ~S'N~"- ." 

INTERNATIONAL 
CAREERS 

GRADUATE DEGREES AND PROFESSIONAL PREPARATION 
FOR: GOVERNMENT. FOREIGN SERVICE • INTERNATIONAL 
BUSINESS. UNITED NATIONS. TRANSLATION. INTER-
PRETATION 

A SCHOOL REPRESENTATIVE WILL VISIT THIS CAMPUS 
ON NOVEMBER 16 FROM 9 am - 5 pm . MAKE AR-
RANGEMENTS THROUGH YOUR 

PLACEMENT CENTER 

FOR INFORMATION ON ABOVE PROGRAMS AND INTENSIVE 
LANGUAGE SUMMER SESSIONS. WRITE TO: DEAN OF AD-
MISSIONS. POST OFFICE BOX 1978, MONTEREY. CALIFOR-
NIA 93840. 

7 
Used HP·67 Ot HP-97 needed. s.e .. 
CIII 453·3751 (<lily). 27()'8248 (nite, . ... 
fOt Noyama. (11/16) 

• CAR FOR SALE!II Mazda RX-4 1974. blue. 
good engn COnd. 4-dr AM/FM/8 hCk. 
AlAomatic. Call Kirk 4ll5-0677. (11/16) 
'75 SAAB 991.E. 3·door wagon back, while, 
stereo·cassette player, Michelin r~. 
fuel Injection. standard Irans.. exceflenl 

COnd~lon. Moving to Europe must .... 
$2400 or beSt aHer. Evenings 481·5298, 
Serena (11/21) 
FORO '74 Mustang. needs body work & 
tune up. $1400; TOYOTA '69 Corona S6OO. 
755-1237. (11116) 
Carnegie A·440 now oHers a happy hOlX 
spee,al to UCSD students. facully and 11811-
. from 4 30 to 7.00 pm. Mon·Frr. a 60 oz 
pitcher of COke or beer and 12" cheese 
pizza costs you only $5.951 (reg. $8.25 
value). ( t 1/16) 
V. fare Un~ed Airlines coupon. Fly home for 
II> the cost Only $45. CAli Rich 755-3717 
(11/ 16) 
68 Chrysler Newport Runs good for beer 
runs. etc '6 mpg. 300 buCkS Cell SIeve 

4~3·0207. (11/15) 
TWO UNITED AIRLINES discount coupons 
$45 each. Cali Lynn at 481 -2901 after 6pm. 
(111 16) 
Grateful Dead Tickets Frr 11 /237:30 pm 2 
lor $22. Contact Steve 274·3541 . leeve 
numbe< (11/' 6) 
73 SAAB super mech. cond .. now rodl .... 
bfake. etc $2000. RecordS svall . 747-2 t 44. 
keep trying. Over 30 mpg. (111 I 5) 
Half fare coupons United Airlines 535.00 
Phone 277-0528 evenings only. (11/21) 
6NW, rebuilt engine. new brakes. new ,ires. 
not very beautiful but very reUabie. 5700. 
278-8989. (11/15) 

TRAVEl 
CIEE student Ira vel center located on the 
2nd floor of the student center open MWF 8· 
12 •. TTH 12·4. (11/30) 

lOST & fOUNd 
Found a gold pendant on Revelle campus I 
would be happy to return ~ ~ size and design 
can be identified. Ask tor Jane al 454·0869. 
(11/16) 
Lost: Gold bracelet with lillie hearts Great 
sentimenlal value. From someone I love. 
Cali 453·6655. Tammy (11/16) 

Shape Vp---, 
With a Friend 
SPECIAL 
INTRODUCTORY 
OFFER------' 

T rOC)'. the newest £Uldition to 
our gTowing scaff. offers two 
precision style cwU far the 
price of one! 
Call today to make an 
appointment for )'ourself and 
a friend.! 
Huntridge--...., 
Hairstyles 
Located in the 
Summer House Inn 
at La Jolla Shares 
-just minutes from campus! 
454-0785------' 



• Tlaanda~. N ........ 11. 1171 

Food Co-op 
And Papers Cole Upset With His Program 
ec....Ifrom IHJIe I 

Acxording to Jaffe, the co-op will be 
taking over the recycling of computer 
paper, computer card. and bond paper 
that is currently being handled by 

~ Frater, who until December 1 
a contract with the University 

that gives him recycling righta to paper 
generated by offices on campld. 

In the eleven montha that he has 
been recycling the University's waste 
paper, Fraper has made $3500 before 
expenaea. Hia expenaea include $714, 
u the Univeraity's percentage under 
the contract, according to Jaffe. 

Jaffe adds that Frater "would juat as 
lOOn pall it on to a student group that 
baa more members and can expand it" 
becauae ''he ia in it more for recycling 
than for profit." 

']be co-op plana to use the income 
from the recycling program "a lot of 
advertising" and "may hire 1 or 2 
studenta." Other pouibilities are using 
the money to fund "demonstration 
energy conservation projecta" and to 
"expand recycling into areas that are 
no!JH'ofitable," according to Jaffe. 

']be co-op is stiD waiting for 
approval "from various groups on 
campus," according to Jaffe. 

Lindberg is somewhat frustrated by 
this process. 

"It' a just amazing the number of 
committees you have to go through," 
.he aar~. "When you think you've got 
everything. set up, you run into people 
who say 'You've got to go through our 
committee. '" 

Jaffe is optimistic that everything 
wiD go smoothly, however, and notes 
that "everybody we've talked to has 
been very cooperative." 

Co-op member Alice McNeil 
auggetta that "if people are interested 
in the recycling program, they should 
talk to anyone at the food co-op." 

Continued from pafe I 

determine if there ia eno~h support for 
the program to continue In the way he 
feela it ahould be run in the future. If he 
decides that the present syarem won't 
work, he says he will go back to 
Saltman and request that other action 
be taken. 

A key iuue, both now and in the 
paat, i. whether communication. 
ahould remain as a program or be 
changed to a departmental or semi-
departmental statu •. _ Both Cole and 
Saltman prefer program status, citing 
the inter-di.ciplinary nature of 
communications. The program is 
presently involved with the 
anthropology, history, visual arts, 
sociology, psychology and linguistic. 
departments: 

However, many feel that 
departmentalization is the only real 
solution to the program'. problems. Dr. 
Herbert Schiller, the only permanent 
professor in the program, said that 
departmentalization is the "most 
desired" option. 

"The authorities on this campus 
need to realize that, one, 
communications is a field of the utmost 
importance, and two, that students are 
very interested in it." 

An important aspect of 
departmentalization would be greater 
autonomy in the hiring of faculty . 
Presently, the program has only a 
moderate degree of influence on 
hirings because other deparbnents 
actually do the hiring. 

"The most important thing is that the 
people in the program should be able to 
choose who comes into it," Schiller 
said. 

Lyon, lite!ature _ ~epartment 

PREPARED 
FOR FINALS? 

or are ,OU going 
to cram all night 
just to get by again? 
What if ,ou could read 
and stud, 5 times faster 
and still get better 
understanding? 

YOU CAN! 
What if ,ou could 
recall material 
far tests in a new 
wa, that practicall, 
assured success? 

YOU CAN! 
You can with Learning Dynamics! Learning Dynamics will 
teach you the speed reading and study skills you need. to make 
school a breeze, and only Learning Dynamics guarantees 100% 
satisfaction or your money back. So take t~ risk out of finals 
and call Learning Dynamics today for a free introductory 
lesson! • 

293·7810 
~LERRNING DYNRmlCS 
562 MISSION VALLEY CENTER WEST. S.D., CA. 92108 

chairman, also said that while 
departmentalization was not 
absolutely necaaary, communications 
"must be made independent of the 
departments in appiontments. That is 
the only way it wiD be a strong program 
and can be maintained." 

Despite these claims, Saltman feels 
the price of autonomy will be reduced 
benefits from working with other 
departments. 

Saltman's views are echoed by 
Chancellor McElroy, who said he did 
not view departmentalization as "quite 
appropriate," although he said "it's 
possible down the line." 

"A number of departments must 
take some responsibility to underpin 
the program, " McElr,oy said. 

Much of the present controversy 
around communications has to do with 
its nature as part of Third College and: 
its history since its inception in 1969. 
Much of the curriculum and programs 
in Third College were established in 
response to black student demands: 
One of the demands for "Lumumba-
Zapata College" was that a 
communications program be designed 
that would emphasize how ''black 
people have developed new ways of 
communication with words, gestures, 
music, and employing the most diverse 
art forms. " 

. A more recent Third College catalog 
states, "Communications provides a 
focus for inquiry into the institutions of 
media, and forms of human behavious 
that together influence the 
development of individual and group 

, " conscIOusness. 
Dr. Schiller, who came to UCSD in 

1970 to head the new program, would 
like to see the program "continue to 
exert a . critical view of the 
communications process," and Jim 

To, one of three chairmen of the 
Communications Student Union, s~d 
that the program has been hindered by 
an administration view of its students 
as a "very radical group." 

Over the past year. a number of 
complaints have been presented 
regarding the program. John Conlisk, 
an Economics, Professor and former 
Chairman of the Committee on 
Educational Policy, outlined lOme of 
them. 

One objection has been "that 
communications flies off in all 
directions," and that there is not 
enough "analytical cohesion." An 
example he cites is the heavy 
involvement communications hal had 
with the Visual Arts Department. 

"Visual Arts is usually considered 
on the other end of the scale from the 
analytical science," Conlisk said. 

An important question has been 
whether communications is a true 
discipline or a topic. If it is considered a 
discipline it would accordingly be 
granted greater autonomy than if it was 
considered a mere topic in another 
social science field. 

Dr. Lyon commented that because it 
is a new field there is a fear that it would 
lack the rigor necessary in a college 
environment. Lyon feels that 
communications is a legitimate field 
just like other fields, such as sociology, 
that have arisen from the social 
sciences. 

Conlisk said there has also been a 
fear the communications would turn 
into a vocational program of "higher 
education" adhered to in the university 
of California. 

In addition to complaints about the 
nature of the field itself, there have also 
been claims that the program has been 
of a "low academic quality ." 

NIGHTS OUT 
WHY-~ 

NOT 
~--HERE? 

(RetJelie South Dining Hall) 

FRIDA Y NIGHT, NOVEMBER 16th 
8:30--12:00 pm 
TICKETS $3.50 (tickets can be purchased at 

the Resident Dean's Office or at Why Not 
Here? 

AUTHENTIC NIGHT CLUB ATMOSPHERE 

LIVE ENTERTAINMENT 
Music by: Driftwood (Easy Listening) 

Leta (Gifted singer & pianist) 
Ray Arkin (Light~hearted ballads) 

Master of Ceremonies: N ick p~zow 

A lcoholic Beverages 
for those with 
identification 


