
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiTiiiiiiiiiiiiiiihiiiii1iiiiiiiiie~a~iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil Y- G u ar dian 
Volume 38, Nwnber 39 University of Califomia, San Diego Wedneaday, November 14, 1979 

Thi. tractor, de.igned by senior Dave Rothman, slipped into the ocean off De) Mar yesterday to 
graph the ocean floor. Rothman hopes the information garnered will aid in defeating 
underwater sand erOlion. See .tory page four. plwto I>y M.ttIww GieJt 

New Priorities Should Be Considered 
In Finding a Chancellor, Students Say 

By Kathy Huffer 
Aasoc:iate News Editor 

Student advisors outlined their belief 
yesterday to the chancellor's search committee 
that the campus needs a "shifting of priorities" 
when it gets a replacement for Willjam McFlroy 
next June. 

In a gathering noticeably_quiet after Monday's 
eroteat and disruption, UC President David 
Saxon and committee members listened to 
student. support programs for affirmative action, 
liberal arts, retention and student services, 
according to student Ed Lazarus. 

More than 130 candidates from across the 
country have been nominated for the position, 
which offers a $56,000 salary and the cliffside 
University House. The search committee's two· 
day visit here wiD add another 50 or 60 
candidates to the list, the students said in a press 
conference held after the meeting. 

While the students who advise student search 
committee member Cheryl Dunnett, would not 
estimate the number of UCSD faculty and 
administrators who have been nominated to 
succeed McElroy, advisory committee member 

Ed Lazarus said there "is a slew of them." 
Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs Paul 

Saltman is considered the leading campus 
candidate to replace McFlroy. 

Student committee members are divided on 
the benefits of such "insider" candidates. While 
several said UCSD needs "new blood," others 
commented that an "insider's" familiarity with 
the camPus should take hig~ priority. 

DurinS_ the next several months, the student 
group wiD continue to advise Dunnett and will trj 
to convince the search committee to allow 
finalists for the position to visit UCSD 
in order to meet with students, faculty and 
administrators, according to AS President 
Carlos Montalvo, a student advisor. 

While search committee members were 
"receptive" to this suggestion yesterday, they 
made no commitment, Montalvo said. 

Several students also said the next chancellor 
should be more open to ' students and faculty. 
McElroy is "so imbued with the philosophy of 
delegating responsibility, he's cutting himself off. 
The new chancellor will have to change that," 
said AS Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
Olivier Kolpin. 

UCSD Won't See Its 
Iranians Deported 
Elsewhere, Students Are Angry 

From the Guardian Staff and the Auociated P ..... 
UCSD's 53 Iranian students win not be deported, International 

Center Director Phyllis Clark said yesterday, but Iraniana 
continue to be the object of demonstrations and ill will on college 
campuses across the nation. 

Clark said virtually the entire campus Iranian community is in 
good academic standing and therefore not in danger from 
President Carter's order earlier this week requiring the 
Immigration and Naturalization Service to check on the student 
status of over 50,000 Iranians. 

An INS representative will probably come to campus sometime 
in the next month, she said, and ask Iranian students to 
"voluntarily" prove that they have paid all their fees and are 
academically solvent. 

Clark also said she has heard no reports of serious harassment 
of Iranian students living on or off campus. 

But Iranians at other colleges and universities have not been as' 
lucky. 

500 students demonstrated against the Iranian government at 
the University of Missouri at Columbia yesterday, surrounding 
and screaming at two Iranians. Th~ were unharmed. 

At Indiana State University in Terre Haute, a homemade 
Iranian flag was burned as 200 students cheering and chanting 
"Drink your oil" watched. 

At Cal State Long Beach, Russell Lindquist, director of the 
school's International Education Center, said, "Our studerlts are 
becoming paranoid because of the negative comments they are 
hearing. 

"Some are storing up food and staying in their rooms to study 
and are iloing out only to attend eluteS where they feel they can 
be safe.'r 

A different problem is about to confront University of Southern 
California officiaIa. There, Dean of AcadeMic Relations V 8ftCIe 
Patterson says, most Iraniana "are sympathetic to the shah and 
consider themselves to be in exile. They couldn't go back or they 

'wouldn't go back." 
Some Iranians have not been deterred from political action, 

however. 
Ali Mojaheb, a spokesman for the Moslem Students 

Association in Southern California, said "We are fasting in 
support of the just demand of 35 million Iranians for the return of 

_the shah." 
Mojaheb, a student at Cal Poly·Pomona. was among the more 

than 140 Iranians arrested in Beverly Hills friday. 
,,',.-- ~-

~ , 
" 

, >, 'f i~, " ~ : " 
·:1"!~_·~.-:_:.~.:.~cl _:.:~ .. :: _~.:..~ .:. __ 

EOP, Byrd Damned by Minorities, Adm'n 
By Sam Gooch 

Staff Writer 
Members of the Student Affirmative Action 

Committee are calling for the resignation of Equal 
. Opportunity Program Director William Byrd as part 

of a wide-range campaign to improve minority student 
recruitment at UCSD. 

"The primary organ for minority recruitment (EOP) 
is not effective," says Robert Tarnbuzi, SAAC 
chairman. "Out of approximately 600 new Third 
College students admitted this fall, there were only 37 
blacks and only about 50 Chicanos. Those numbers 
do not reflect population ratios in terms of percentages 
of blacks and Chicanos in this state," he says. 

Third College Provost Joe Watson agrees. 
"OveraU recruitment efforts for minority students 

has been unsatisfactory ... The number for UCSD in 
general and for Third College in particular have been 
totally unacceptable." 

To remedy the situation, Watson proposes that 
numerical goala be established so that a "rational, 
ob;ective analysis can be made of minority recruiting 
programs at UCSD." 

According to Watson, the university as a whole 
knows beforehand just how many students it needs to 
maintain the quality ()f education and resources at 
UCSD. 

"Third College should know beforehand just how 
m~)' minority students it need ,too," Watson says. 

"We should take the minority recruiting issue out of 
the ream of emotionality. We should determine what 

2400 Number of Students ~ 

.--
-

18 75' 

-

12 50 

i 
... 

6 25 .:-

I f-- 1 -J~ ~ l 15 ~ I '5 ~ r§l J ~ j :! 3 
is needed, charge individuals with the responsibility ot 
meeting those needs, and then hold those people 
responsible." 

Watson and a team of researchers demographically 
analyzed the graduating class of 42 high schools in 
South Lo. Angeles, a predominately minority 
population !\fea. 

"We determined if just one percent of the total 
graduates, a figure we thought to be quite reasonable, 
were recruited to UCSD, we would have an additional 
300 minority students for next year," Watson says. 
"That's not including all of the other high schools and 
community colleges in the state," he added. 

"I could deliver 300 bodies to Joe Watson in the 
morning," says Byrd. But the question is, can they do 
UCSD level work?" We want to bring in people who 
won't be destroyed by the system we have here." 

Byrd says his critics are wrong, that UCSU 
"probably has the best minority recruiting set-up in the 
UC system," and argues that the problem of minority 
recruitment is more than just population ratios. 

"We have to look at the available population of 
minority students eligible to attend UCSD, not just raw 
numbers of minority gradutes," Byrd says. 

According to Byrd, of the approximately 300,000 
high school graduates in the stale last year, only 12.5 
percent were eligible. Only 2.5 percent of those eligible 
were black and 4.5 percent Chicano. 

"That leave. 800 blacks and 1300 Chicanos 
qualified to attend UCSD and if we assume that every 
one of them attends college in this state - that none of 
them die or go to school out·of·state or join the service 
or any number of things - we have a pool of 2100 
qualified minorities that everybody and their mother is 
trying to recruit," says Byrd. 

"There are 19 state colleges, nine UC campuses, 25 
to 30 private schools and, in the LA area alone, 

PI~'(l s~' lurn III ' lOR<! 4 



2 

Letters to the Editor 

·The Real Story on Page One 
Ecitor: 

Thank you for the article 
about the Muir College 
Center. We appreciate any 
publicity that exposes students 
to the IeI'vices oHered on Muir. 
However, we are concerned 
about some inaccuracies in the 
article, as well as its general 
tone. 

First, you were inaccurate in 
reporting that Assistant Dean 
Judith Green said that the 
dean's office decided to close 
down Page One. 

There was a 10-year study 
of Muir Colle e soliciting 
student opinion.lstrong neec:I 
was expreased for more 
community atmosphere. The 
staff of the dean's and 
provost's offices worked on 
various alternatives and came 
up with the college center. The 
idea of the center was 
presented to the students, 
including the College Council, 
and ideas and &uggestions 

include daily Los Angdes and 
San Diego newspapers, selling 
stamps, VG Donut night, 
vending machine refunds for 
Muir campus and locker 
rental. 

Our major concern j& with 
the overall tone of the article. 
TIle headline stated "You 
Can't Come Talk to MOM .. 
." , which we believe is 
shedding a negative light on 
the College Center. 

True, we have no formal 
peer counseling, but we hope 
to in the future. The Muir HAs 
are each putting in two hours 
of work a week, which leaves 
the College Center assistants 
time to meet people and do 
more socializif!g and informal 
advising. There will be two 
communications workshops in 
November for the alllistants 
(and other Muir student 
"leaders") to attend. 

We feel that Page One 
provided a valuable service 

but we recognize the fact that 
many Muir students wanted a 
more expanded service. So 
while the College Center may 
not provide the exact services 
that Page One did, it offers 
much more in other respects. _ 

Our hours are 8am·ll pm 
Monday through Friday and 
noon-II pm, Satur~ay and 
Sunday. Everyone is wdcome 
and we appreciate any ideas 
and suggestions. Phone 452-
4418. 

TERRY BATES 
. MIKE BROWN 

ROSEMARY GROBAREK 
. STEVE HOISH 

JUDY LUNDELL 
KA THY MITCHELL 

FRED NAGEL 
DAN NOOE 

SANDRA LUZ PEDREGAL 
SUE RAUB 

VIVIEN SMITH 
DIANA STOCKDALE 

ALL YSON WEST 
ANITA ZUSMAN 

were solicited. 
The article also neglected to Ad B tt Th Flyers 

mention thaL Muir students seer an· 
.'an go to the dean's office for Editor: 
.:ounsding and psychological If the Associated Students feels that it can publicize its events 
lelp. The 9ffice has two effectively via flyers distributed on campus (Nov. 1) it is 
sychologists and two interns probably in for a disappointment. It was my experience last year 
vailable to all students. that distribution of over 1500 flyers around campus regarding a ~t is true that there are 16 Passover Seder sponsored by the Union 01 Jewish Students 
aid employees at the College resulted in the sale of 20 tickets by the advertised deadline. 

Center but not that ~age One When the deadline was extended for four days a~d .an add was 
as staffed entirely by . placed in The Guardian, the event was sold out Within 48 hours. 

volunteer.s. Last. year the~e An additional 120 tickets were sold. 
as a paid coordinator who 15 Is The Daily Guardian an inadequate means of reaching the 

now employed at the College students? This can hardly be the case. Instead, I submit that the 
Center. Also, three of the Page AS is at fault. More forms of advertising are needed, rather than 
')ne voh~nteers from last year fewer. For a government which annually becomes non-existent 
Ire. paJd college center for the average UCSD student after elections, the AS is either 
ISlSelstaa:'ts. th C II C · accepting its current state of i~visibility by consideri~g 

!"'1d ces he 0 ege enter dimination of Guardian ads, or Its lack of competence In 
rovi es t at were not 

mentioned an the article Please lurn 10 fla~e 12 

~ John Taylor-~---' 
" 

Cuture Shock 
In May, 1975, foniler President Ford sent the Marines to 

save the crew of a US merchant ship that had been seized by 
the new Cambodian rulers, . the Khmer Rouge. Immediatdy 
UCSD leftists held a rally in the Revdle plaza to condemn 
Ford', use of force and to present a list of demands, one of 
which waS that the US recognize the new governments in South 
Vietnam and Cambodia. The protestors then raised the flag of 
the Kluner Rouge in place of the American flag on the plaza 
flagpole. 

The rally was a last gasp of anti-war activism at UCSD. Four 
years later, some of the protestors are still living comfortably 
among the eucalyptus trees in La Jolla; the regime they 
supported has killed two to three million of its own people in a 
fanatical attempt at economic reform. Hundreds of thousands 
more are dying of hunger because of a struggle between the 
Khmer Rouge and the puppet government the Vietnamese has 
installed in Phnom Phenh. 

Some analysts say Cambodia's misery began when the 
North Vietnamese and Viet Cong used neutral Cambodia for 
troop sanctuaries and supply routing during the Vietnam war 
(just as the Khmer Rouge now use Thailand); others blame the 
US for its secret bombing and invasion of the country during 
1969 and 1970 and say the Khmer Rouge could not have 
come to power if the US had not interfered with its affairs and 
created an issue it could use to take power in 1975. Still others 
point to the historical enmity between Vietnam and Cambodia 
or say that analysts don't have enough information to say for 
sure how Pol Pot's Khmer Rouge unseated the US-backed 
leader, Lon Nol. 

The truth may not be known for years. Clearly many' US 
activists thought the Khmer Rouge would be an instrument of 
liberation and liberty; they probably did not know they were 
raising the flag of a regime that would become one of the mOlt 
notoriously brutal of our century. Then again they probably 
didn't know much of anything about the Khmer Rouge or 
Cambodia, and when you operate on spirit, goodwill and no 
information you get suckered. The anti-war movement was 
wonderful in many ways, but it is unsettling to reflect that much 
of what liOunded 80 right about Cambodia four years ago 
sounds so wrong now. I hope the relative absence of news 
about what is happening in Cambodia today in UCSO's 
alternative press means that its staff is reflecting on the wisdom 
of making pronouncements about places and people we have 
only begun to understand. 

". . ". ". 

The five Chinese professors who arrived unexpectedly at 
UCSD in the rain last Wednesday had every reason to be a bit 
irritated. They probably read in the People's Daily about 
lavish banquets in Peking's Great Hall of the People .for 
delegations of American politicians and educators featunng 
the best Cantonese food Deng Xiaoping 's cooks could 
produce. But after 20 hours on airplanes from the Pe.ople's 
Republic of China the soaked professors e~ded up In !he 
Revelle cafeteria with its frenetic and gastncally unsettling 
mural eyeing a distant derivative of an indigenous American 
casse:ole recipe and trying to extract milk from machines that 
probably still confuse some Revdle juniors. 

The scholars took it all with great good humor, however , 
says Daily Guardian editor Kathy Huffer who, along with a 
graduate student. interpreter and Asst. Chancellor Pat Ledden, 
helped them through their first San Diego meal. Hu!f~r reports 
that their arrival a day early resulted from condillons over 
which no one had much control, including the inability of the 
fledgling Chinese consulate in San Francisco to accomodate 
the travellers. 

They were tola by harried consulate officials that their 
welcome in San Diego would be "very friendly." It was fitting, 
then, that they landed in the hands of Ledden, the po,?ular 
mathematics teacher and administrator who was appomted 
tour guide because Chancellor McElroy couldn't leave a 
meeting. Ledden (whom we incorrectly identified in a photo 

Plcose lurn I,,· fl(l~C J 2 

In the Daytime, All Dreams Are Surprising 
By Jeffrey S. Lee 

Like all good students, I daydream, and most of my 
better dreams occur while I am trying to study. 

The other day I was reading for my psychology 
class, and I carne across a passage that sent me into 
one of my best dreams yet. 

The article, written by Dr. George Wald, dealt with 
the eye and its functions. It was a w~lI-writt~n piece 
Jeffrey S. Lee is a Daily Guardian staff writer. 
that had appeared in Scientific American and was 
titled "Eye and Camera." 

The article went on like all writings that deal with the 
structure and function of anything, including the parts 
of the eye, adding a little something abo~t its fu~ction 
and finally comparing it to the camera. Fine. This was 
all very well and good; there was nothing so ~ar that 
would distract me from the task at hand. Nothing yet, 
that is. . 

During a descriptiol, f)f the dark receptors (the rod~) 
and their inability to per~eive color, Wald made thiS 

statement: "T:lis is why at night all cats are gray." This 
sentence was followed by more descriptions of function 
and parallels to the camera, and how hard it is for one 
to see with much clarity at all with the rods. Then Wald 
produced a statement that somehow gave more 
meaning to the first: "It is not only true that at night all 
cats are gray, but it is difficult to be sure that they are 
cats." 

That was enough . I stopped, put my book down and 
tried to remember seeing cats, and cats at night. The 
only cat I remembered seeing was the neighbor's 
calico, but that was either with the high-beams of the 
car or the obscenely bright light from our porch fixture, 
so I guess that doesn't count. 

My thoughts returned to the idea of how Wald came 
to the conclusion he did. There may be good proof, 
based on months or even years of costly and time-
consuming experimentation, backing up Wald 's 
statement which is often the case in scientific 
conclusions of this sort. 

I quickly made a mental picture of this kind of 

experimentation. I saw Wald crouching in the grass in 
the wee hours of the night looking for proof of cats 
being gray at night. What a long vigil he must have 
made in the cold, dark, and damp night. And how 
many he must have made in order to back up his claim. 

The idea of somebody waiting in the dark for the 
sight of something that might be a cat wa.1I defi!1itely 
intriguing and I was soon lost to all outside sllmuh. 

, , ?" I 
"What could these creatures be if they weren t cab. 
said to myself. For sure, I thought, no rats or mice 
could look large enough 1<,> be mistaken for a cat. at 
least not out here on the West Coast. And our dogs 
haven' t been trained to move like cats, especially at 
night. In fact, a dog will probably walk right up and 
sniff around. Dogil sniff and make noise; cats don 't 
make noise . 

My poor brain was reeling with all kinds of ani":lals 
that could be substituted for the common cat at mght 
with no lights on. 

Since there wa. no clue as to where Wald lived, I 
imagined him in almost every state in the union and in 

l'l<'tl s<' 111m I" IWJ!<' 12 

- . 

Wedne"-y;·Nov. '14, 1878. 'the DaUy OuardJaD 3 

ASSOCIATED :PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
[INTERNA.TIONAL.I. :F ·NATIONA·L 'II L-. ~_S_T_A_T_E_----:--, 
Iran Govt. Softens Reagan a Candidate Prop. 1 Challenged 

TEHRAN - Iranial) leaders yesterday dropped 
their demand that the shah be handed over to them 
immediately and set new conditions for freeing the 
US Embassy hostages in Tehran. But the Moslem 
militants holding the hostages rejected any 
compromise. 

Iranian foreigO affairs chief Abolhassan Bani 
Sadr, in what he called "simple and very practical" 
proposals, said the United States should agree to an 
international investigation of Shah Mohammad Reza 
Pahlavi's alleged crimes and turn his US money and 
property over to Iran. He implied that after the 
investigation Washington could not help but return 
the deposed monarch. 

The Carter administration' had no immediate 
response to the evident softening of the position of 
Iranian authorities. But in one of the first reactions, 
Sen. Henry M. Jackson, D-Wash., said the 
proposals "will never be accepted." 

Bani Sadr's conditions were set out in a letter to 
UN Secretary-General Kurt Waldheim. 

Envoy Ambushed 

NEW YORK - Former California Gov. Ronald 
Reagan, saying the nation "hungers for a spiritual 
revival, " declared his candidacy yesterday for the 
1980 Republican presidential nomination. 

Reagan, in his third bid fof the job, entered the 
crowded GOP race as the acknowledged 
frontrunner. 

In a taped and televised speech in which he 
declared his candidacy, Reagan repeated his 
controversial 1976 proposal to shift some functions 
of government away from Washington to state and 
local authorities. 

"I shall regard my dection as proof that the people 
of the United State have decided to set a new 
agenda and have recognized that the human spirit 
thrives best when goals are set and progress can be 
measured in t.heir achievement," he said. 

Airlift to Cambodia 
WASHINGTON - President Carter, acting at 

his wife's behest, ordered an immediate US airlift of 
special food for children and other supplies yesterday 
to Indochinese refugee camps in Thailand. 

Rosalynn Carter, who visited the camps last week, 
LISBON, Portugal - Two terrorists wounded announced the presidential action when she detailed 

Israel'. ambassador to Portugal and killed his her recommendation& for helping thousands of sick 
bodyguard yesterday in a grenade and machine gun and starving refugees. 
ambush. Three other persons were injured. Mrs. Carter apnounced that the president also 

Portugese national radio said it received a approved other recommendations, including: 
telephone call from a previously unheard of group, -An immediate $2 million grant to UNICEF to 
the International Militant Workers, claiming buy rice for the refugees, whose food supply was said 
res.EOOsibility for the attack. to be less than 30 days. 

The radio said the caller claimed the group fought -:-An increase in the number of refuSeeI from 
against "cap,italism and imperialism as represented Thailand to be resettled in the United States. 
by Zionists' and that other, unspecified attacks Hereafter, most of the monthly quota of 14,000 
would follow. refugees allowed into America will be filled from Thai 

The unmasked ' men attacked Ambassador refugee camps rather than from among the boat. 

SACRAMENTO - The NAACP went to court 
against Proposition 1 yesterday, calling the voter-
approved ' anti-busing measure an unconstitutional 
act_of deliberate segregation. 

In another development, a hearm, on a lawsuit 
against Proposition 1, scheduled next Monday, has 
been delayed because the lawyer who brought the 
suit objected to the judJle's record on racial matters 
and had him removed from the case. 

Attorney Jeffrey Berger told rePorters Superior 
Court Judge Joseph Babich has a record "lacking in 
sensitivity on minority rights." He cited Babich's 
1977 ruling against minority hiring quotas in the 
state Capitol restoration project. 

Actually, Berger didn't need to give a reason, 
because each side in a case is allowed to disqualify 
one judge upon request. The court clerk's office said 
a new hearing date, probably two or three weeks 
away, will be decided Wednesday. 

By then, the NAACP hopes it will have won 
~rmilliion to intervene in Berger'~ suit. . 

Lau.ghing Gas Risky 
SACRAMENTO - Inhaling nitrous oxide gu, 

which is used as a propellant in whipped cream 
containers, can be dangerous or fatal, the state 
Department of Health Services warned yesterday. 

The w~ning was especially addressed to employees 
of ice cream parlors, hotd and restaurant employees 
and bartenders who might have access to cylinders of 
the gas used on rechargeable cream containers. 

The gas, known variously as "laughing gas" and 
packaged aa "whippets," produces a quick high and 
feling of euphoria when inhaled in small amounts. 

. However, it also inhibites normal breathing, which 
t:.phriam Eldar's car as it drove up to the Israeli people in Malaysia and Hong Kong. 
chancellory shortly before 1 . ...:0:...=am:.:.:.:.... _______________________ --::--____ -:--_____________ _ can result in unconsciousness or death. 

,. 

lilt-

JRs S'o9urf. Jl,lfoir 
sn 

creations 
25(: off 

any purchase 
of $1.00 or more 

expire. 19 November, 1979 

1030 Torrey Pines Road 
at Herschel 

La Jolla 
one per customer 

IL~CIEI~~\ Ifl()ILILlllt~ 
The Follies· Burlesque· Vaudeville· 

Night Clubs· Broadway· Circus 
" It's terrific. A hit . BOFFO. RAZZLE DAZZLING 
entertainment. A triumph for Don Wortman. 
San Diego 's Mr. Broadway." 

-Greg Dumas, Channet10 
" .. . it works splendidly . .. charismatic 
performers . .. " 

-Welton Jones. San Diego Union 

STUDENTS 1/2 PRICE~: 
$4 7sReg. • 9 .50 $4 OoSUndayMatinee • Reg. B.OO 

·Tuel.-Thurs . • Sun . eve. on Ipace available b .. ll. 
MUll Ihow ASI en. 

Reservations & Information 235·6535 
Valet Parking 

Box Office Open 10:00 a.m.-9:00 p.m. 
Master Charge- BofA-Visa- AE 

Lyceum The.ter, 314 F. St. , S.., Diego, CA 92101 I· 
Surfboards and Guys & Girls Clothing. 
940 First Street. Encinitas, CA 92024 

Phone 753-6655 

.. ~hat~~ 
f:i{;I happel/lng! ~ 
Shape Vp---, 
With a Friend 
SPECIAL 
INTRODUCTORY 
OFFER 
Tracy, the newest addition to 
our growing staff. offers cwo 
precis ion style cuts for Ihe 
price of one! 
Call wcW.y 10 make an 
appoinlmen! for yourself and 
a friend! 

Huntridge---. 
Hairstyles 
Located in Ihe 

ltmmer HOllse Inn 
at La Jolla Shores 
-just minutes from campus! 
454-0 785---..J 



Byrd, EOP Blasted by 
Students and Adm'n 
Continued from page 1 
there are at least 30 
community colleges - all 
competin, for qualified 
minorities,' Byrd say •. 

But VICe Chancdlor of 
Student AUain Richard 
Armitage, who had authority 
over Byrd until a reshuffling 
last month, says "the record of 
EOP recruiting ill disap. 
pointing .. .! think they need to 
do better." 

Armitage dismisses EOP 
claims that there is too much 
competition for qualified 
minorites. 

"My answer to that is to try 
harder - like Avis." 

SAAC members are trying 
to establilh a student advisory 
committee to EOP that would: 

(1 ) be _ responsible for 
providi~ crucial student input 
into EOP activities; (2) 
participate in all formal 
evaluations centered around 
the EOP office, and (3) review 
and propose changes in 
policies and procedures in the 
areas of recruitment, 
retention, admiuions, 
financial MI, counseling, and 
aaMlemic support for EOP 
Iludents. 

But they want the advilory 
committee to report direcdy to 
the <lIanceOor - to get his 
-clout behind it," T ambuzi 
says - and the head 01 EOP's 
new civision won't 10 along. 

"I don't want anybody 
outaide of my of6ce ~ 
evalualinl any 01 my units, 
says -Harold Temmer, 
Auistant Vice Chancelor for 
Academic Services. 

It's not my style 01 
management," he says, "I'm 
the one who is held responaible 
for administrative judgements, 
not a committee." 

T emrner says that he is 
"very much in favor of having 
student input into universitr. 
operations," but he doesn t 
believe an advisory committee 
would accurately reflect 
student opinion. 

"I'm not ruling out the 
possibility of a committee," 
/IiIys T emmer, "but I'll have to 
be convinced tha t it will work." 

The concept of an advisory 
committee to EOP is not new. 
In 1975, members of several 
campus minority organi· 
zations pushed for a 
committee aimilar to the one 
now proposed by SAAC. But, 
according to a 1979 EOP 
Intern report prepared by EI/lil 
Leyva, there "was no 
indication that it was given 
aerioua consideration." 

The report also stated, 
"today, students from the 
same o'IJanizations continue 
to voice their grievances about 
EOP and continue to offer 
their a •• istance in the 
development and evaluation 
of its program." 

But, according to Byrd, 
.tudents have been given 
ample opportunity to become 
involved in EOP activities. 

'We sent a letter to all 01 the 
SAAC organizations detailing 
our recruibnent schedule and 
inviting them to accomp,an)' us 
to the hiIh schools,' -Byrd 
said. "liIot one person 

'contacted us," Byrd added. ' 

J'" ..." .. .. ~ 

SAAC representatives, 
though, point out that Byrd's 
letter was dated Oct. 1, the 
same day the high school viailll 
began. 

T emmer believes the only 
solution to the minority 
recruitment' problem ill long. 
range re·education of 
minorities. 

"We need outreach 
programs in minority 
communities that will advise 
parents on opportunities 
av~ for their children and 
prosrams to upgrade the 
quality 01 education during 

grade school and junior high 
school years so that more 
minority students will be 
eligible to attend the better 
universities." 

And there are currently two 
EOP programs doing just that, 
Temmer points out. The 
Partners and the University 
Partne" programs focus their 
recruiting efforts on young 
minority students to better 
prepare them for high school 
work, which then wiU lead, 
they I~' t? acceptance at 
good unlver.ltleS. 

"Both "programs are 
excellent," Tem~ says. 

,...~. ' .. , .... , • ..,_T .. --. 

weclD8llday, Nov. 14, 1979 

Armitage also praised the 
two EOP outreach programs, 
/IiIying, "I have high hopes for 
both programa and I know 
they are doing an excellent 
job." ' 

Hearing 
Cancelled 
A hearing to determine final 

endorsement of University 
Hospital'. proposed ambu· 
lance service was cancelled 
yesterday due to the illness of a 
participant from Sacramento. 

No rescheduled date for the 
hearing has been set. 

HISTORY COURSES 
OFFERED 

HISTORY 1078, Europe in the 18th Century 
NEW COURSE This course u'ill deal u'ith 

the social and intellectual 
history of France. England. 
G'-'Tmany and I tab in the years 
betu'een I 700 and 1800. Topics 
cooered u'ill include popular 
culture. attitudes toulards sex 
and the family. u'Omen. legal 
and penal reform, criminality. 
anti -semitism. magic and 
pseudo science. and />opular 
protest_ 

TIME: Morr. Wed, Fri, 12:00-12:,50 
Professor Kathryn Norberg 

HISTORY r62, Ethnic Images in Film 
To cxplore L'thnu: images in 
film: to ex/Jlorc Ihe re/alion 
betu'c,-," fantasics on film and 
the realitie.~ of the role of rocc. 
religion. and natioTUlI origins in 
American life. Those studies -
include Indians. Blocks. )'-'\4'5. 
ltaLian-A mcricans. Latin-
A meru:ans. Irish-Am'-'Ticaru 
and Asian-Americans. 

TIME: Monday, 3:00-6:,50 
Professor Linda Mehr 

• 
For further information, please contact the 
History Department at X36 r 2. 

CASINO will set you straight with 
a winter quarter internship 

You can earn 4-16 academic units 
or you can just volunteer 

Over 500 internships in Son Diego available 

Pick up application at CASINO 

CASINO is located in the AS offices 
in the Student Center 

. Deadline is November 19 

Watch for Info on Sacramento 
and Washington DC summer Internship. 

ANNOUNCING ... 
Carnegie A-440; VCSD 

HAPPY HOVRS 
STUDENTS, 
FACULTY, 

STAFF 

"world's most 
unique pizza" 

PLUS . . . (,,,,gie 
60 oz. pitcher 
of dralt beer * 

* or Coca-Cola 

$5 95 (reg $8.15) 
4:30-7:00 pm, Mon-Fri, Every WeekI 

Plenty for four! 
2212 Carmel Valley Road. Del Mar • 755-6778 



8 

Chancellor Search 
Committee Questionnaire 

Please return questionnaire to: 
Intercampus mail-J3..o23 , Student Center 

ED.N.A. 
A.S. Office or individual college Provost Offices 
r---------~-----------------------------, 
• WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE IN A CHANCELLOR? 
• The undergraduate student chancellor search committee is in the process of 
: reviewing applications for the position of Chancellor at the University of 
• California San Diego. Input from the undergraduate student population is vital 
• with regards to specific qualifications and needs that they would like the new 
• Chancellor to addreJs. The following is a questionnaire that the Chancellor 
• Search Committee has developed for assistance in making sure that the student 

concems are dealt with. It is important that you express your concerns. Please fill 
out this questionnaire and drop it off at any of the designated areas. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

I 

01. In what or~ or priorititation would. you place the following qualities for the 
new VCSD Chancellor? 

Academic qualifications 
Administrative qualities 
Affirmative Action Commitment 
Community Leadership 
Concern for Student Un£le:r.graduate Education 
Funding source expertise 
Research ori~tation 
Cc>ncem for reputation of VCSD as a superior academic institution. Other ____ ~ ________________________________ __ 

02. At this time, undergraduate and graduate student representatives are ex-
officio members of the President's Joint Search Committee (which includes 
RegentJ and Faculty members). Therefore, they have no voting privileges, and 
ha4Je Only an advisory role. Should students have a formal vote in the chancellor 
selection process? 

Y~ NO 
Pleasesuuer~onswhyorwhynot ____________________________ _ 

03. What student services UIOUld you like to see t~ new Chancellor support at 
VCSD? 
(Please prioritite) 

Academic credit for student internships 
Commitment to bring students closer to the community 
Better transportation and bus service 
Improved Health Insurance 
Interdisciplinary studies 
Low-cost housing around the University 
More child care 
Student participation in the tenure process 
Support of the Central University System 
Support of the College System Other ______________________________________ __ 

04. What current or future problems must the new ChancelLor be able to deaL 
with? • 

05. Do you have any suggestions for the students on the Chancellor Search 
Committee? 

CHANCELLOR SEARCH COMMITTEE 
CarLos Montalvo-AS President 

Da~id Bisbee- SAAC Representative 
Vince deBaca-Third College Representative 
Cheryl Dunnett- Muir College Representative 
Ed Lazarus- Revelle College Representative 
Dick Semerdjian-Warren College Representative 

Thank you for your input. You can be assured that the Chancellor Search 
Committee will use all valuable comments in order to represent the undergraduate 
students of VCSD. If you have any questions, or Ul()uld like to discuss specific 
qualifications, feel free to contact the members of the ChanceLLor Search 
Committee anytime. Meetings are on Monday at 4 :00 pm in the North Conference 

Room of the tudent Center Complex. 
You can contact individual members of the committee through the A.s. Office 

at 452-4450, or the individual college Provost's Offices. 

GET INVOLVED! 

I 

L _______________________________________ I 

Wedne8CIay. Nov. 14. 1979 

UC8Dhasa 
DENTAL GBDUP 

at the 
Student Health Center 

with 
Student Rates 

• EXAMINATIONS 
• DENTAL WORK . 
• HYGIENISTS 

are available for 
cleaning teeth 

MONDAY thru FRIDAY 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

phone': 452-2080 

We can do spouses, too! 

How long has it been since you've 
seen a dentist? 

~ Good Student Discount 
~ Foreign Students I. 

~ Out-of-State Licenses (: ' / ~ ~ 
~ No One Refused ".' ~ h" . 

"--'....-______ --1 ... . " '~ . ~ F 
--' ~~. .""-.--

......... ~ ~:....: .~ ~~ 
ONE STOP SHOPPING WITH OVER 

25 MAJOR COMPANIES 

CSE 
INSURANCE 

.-~ 
CALL ANYTIME 

293·3763 
• IIIIS 

WEST 

STUDENTS 
Married or Single 

1\ges 18 a nd Over. 
DriverTraining Credit 

Credit for Prior 
Insurance on 

. Parents Policies 

2423 CAMINO DEL RIO SOUTH S.(J. 
SUITE 112 1-8 AT TEXAS STREET 

Since 1975 

SERIICE 
Also s£'TvieillK Volvo, 914 's, all" jOI}(J"ut! cars 

(fonnerly Mohile VW Service) 
II'~ 'r(' Sr'" )'IIIolll't' ar<' 1I0W lim/I;nl( service calls 10 cars ,IIa' will'lOt 

Slarl . I/()I<'('v(·r. 11'(' 'r,' hoppy ,I/a' wt' are 110M' ahle 10 offer you a muclt 
/01'11'" ,'ori"I." "/se,,,;n! lu, yuur I'k'. You knoll' Jrom our previous. tid, that 
our prices art' 10 .... hu, more importa", tiwn 'hat jJ our S"'Cf.rt de_'o 
Slr;ve lor 'he ahsolu,e pI'r[eclioll t/Illt I dctllolllJ /ro m myselj and my 
meel,all;':s. 0", ,Il' W 10Ctltioll ;'1 Missioll VII/lcy i. equlpp~ wirh 'he IIM# 
[acililies 10 service your VII'. Many VII' ow"ers 1(0 [rom aile $hop 10 
allolller wOllderillK if 'hey lI'iII ever [Illd Olle Ihol is hOlies" s)'mpathetlc, 
capahle olld [rit'ndly. ' 

Ilyou I,ave h,'ell uIJSIIlisJ7.'Ci wilh your po" " '",ict, thell you I.ave ItO' 
1,leu ,,"r simp y ,' I. 11' ... I,.' , 10 he (',{mprtilive 0 11 priers. hm. we are rt!,II'y 
m",,, ""l1c"",,'Cill'llh I",I"K S'1II Oit'X" 's !tiKhesl qualilY shop 1/,11" Irs 
c/1l'OI"·SI. 

/.I'I ·.! lacc /1. masla aajim' <'11 UII 1/01 work eh"aply. My m('challies 
af(' om''''J( 11t1"I,IIIII"SI I /Oiu OilY ",I",,,,. IIwl"",Y Of(' "" ./1 \\'0,1/'11, ... c()Sf. 
141<' 1101' (' m) " O;I1('t's. I do ",,, folf' ralt' )'I,or, ellts or ;nferior poru. On ,hi' 
co""orr, 1\'(' liSt' l '/Jedal ((·e/wie/lu·s 011 ullr ('IIKim ' fchuilJs w!riclr 1'0 uth(" 

J/UJ'~l ,i.v(' , alld w(' or(' II/(' oull' sllol' Olll '''lh f'n° that xuoro"tcc's (t"r (' /win('s 
Qf InllX 0 .\ )l0" oh'll "Oil,. I'or. )'011 /101'e' ", I' fwrsonal ~uoroIJ{('(' tlrat you will 
"" t'''ml''' 'I' ' ~' ' .!olisjir'u ",II" lIur s~'l'icr. t. v" ry ('uSlOmer Is Inl/lor/al/I 10 us 
'lilt! tlllr "'~I/IIOlillll is sI",lkn . l'I,'asl ' call ju'.uflails. /, ~ /. ...t. 

SIIICI'rl'iy. /~r /{/~-
/"')1111(' ,"'",I/d,dlli ,·a.lf'sa,·,'''~ UII" sloill/as .Icd 1'0/, .... So/50. 011 
'1'''',..-11/1 u"t! "0/1'''' Utlll/SIIIII 'III ("I/~I $::1.5" ... ce .... 
NI'II' dlll('1i l}Qrt~· & /obor $1J5./)iJ 

HC'I}Qirall" oil /l!ali s.~/ 5.(J()(lJl .... , ..... 
NI'li' "II' ""'"pers $:!5.()(/ "0('" .. .. 
S!' fJ'" B!'," /" s/'()l'~ S:!O.OO <'0..1, .. 1' .... 11 
/-tllllawe .Inl ra/lols SJ,.,.OO 

OPI-.'N 7 DA YS 7:JO a.m. 7. )0 p.m. 280.41)2 

Weclne .... y. Nov. 14, 1979 The Daily Guardian 7 
------~----~--------------------------------~---------------------------------------------

The Daily: Guardian 

Crew members rowing at the Mi .. ion Bay Aquatic Center, where they convene every morning at 5:30 am for practice. 

Devoted Crew Works Like Crazy 
By Gregg _Laughlin 

Staff Writer 
Imagine being tom from your dream 

at 4:30 every morning by a rattling 
alarm clock . You stumble through the 
morning darkness to the bathroom, 
where it takes several cold splashes of 
water to wash the sleep from your tired 
eyes. You dress quickly and rush out 
the door and hurry to the Mission Bay 
waterfront. 

About 50 UCSD crew ' team 
members go through this ordeal five 
days a week. And their season doesn't 
even start until spring. 

Over 150 people signed up for the 
sport in September, compared with a 
recruitment average of 90·100 rowers 
for each of the last five years. The 
number has since dropped, but there is 
still an impressive nwnber of athletes 
training for an out of season sport. 

The daib' crew workout begins at 
5:30 am. The team rows two or three 
"pieces", which are continuous rows 
for a predetermined distance - usually 
three or four miles. Bruce GaJingham, 
of the heavyweight team, says that in 
addition to the early morning on the 
water training, the team must train 
intensely with weights and practice 
distance running and bicycling to 
prepare. for the season. 

Perhaps the most strenuous part of 
the crew team's training is done on a 
stationary rowing machine called the 
ergometer, nicknamed "The Iron 
Maiden". Training on the "erg" 
requires the rower to row as hard and 
as fast as he can for six minutes. 

The "oar" on the ergometer is 
connected to a flywheel, which can be 
weighted to make rowing extremely 
difficult. The flywheel attaches to a 

tachometer and an odometer, so the 
rpm and total revolutions of the 
flywheel are both counted. 

When a rower does his "erg piece", 
the coach is watching him. Nobody 
wants to fail in front of the coach, 10 the 
rowers give it their all for six minutes, 
or until they have what they call an 
"ergasm", meaning they are too tired 
to continue. The coach records the 
ergometer scores of each rower 
throughout the season, and uses the 
scores as raw data indicating about 
how much horsepower a rower can be 
expected to produce. ' 

By April, when the crew team rows 
in its first official regatta, t:te intense 
workouts will have taken their toll. 
Coach Vallerga expects a high attrition 
rate to trim the large team down to 
about 45 men and 30 women by the 
start of the season. In the spring's 

Associated Students 
University of California. San Diego 
Student Center, B-023 
La Jolla, California 92093 

THIS WEEK 
AT WALK'S ... 

AS COUNCIL MEETS 
The week ly AS Council meeting is tonight 
in the North Conference Room of the 

Student Center. 

CASINO 

intercollegiate regattas, UCSD will 
float four men's teams and three 
women's teams. The men will race a 
F rosh Eight, a JV Eight, a Lightweight 
Eight, and a Heavyweight Eight in 
2000 meter race.. The women will 
compete in novice, lightweight. and 
open class races of 1000 meters. 

A team feeling is necessary for 
success in crew. Coach Jack VaUerga 

. maintains that there are no truly 
"prestigious positions" in a crew boat; 
"every rower's function is important, 
because the team is only as strong as its 
weakest member. 

Still , there are a number of different 
positions in the nine man boat, and 
each "seat" seems to have a different 
function. The coxswain sits facing 
forward in the sternmost (rear) seat in 
the boat. The coxswain doesn't row. 

Please turn to (Jaflt! 9 

Wednesday night is amateur night! So 
come on in and see what's up at Walk 's. Students interested in an internship in San 

Diego for winter quarter should stop by 
CASINO in the AS Office. Internships are 
available with the City Counci l. ounty 
Supervisors, and more. Academic credit is 

FOOD at .the CO,OP 

"WESTSIDE STORY" 
Come hear unforgettable songs like 
UMaria," " America." and "Tonight, 
Tonight" Sunday, November 18 at 7 & 9 
pm, when the original Westside Story will 
be shown in USB 2722 . Tickets are $2.00 
at the Box Office. Proceeds benefit the UJS 
Boat People Fund. For more Info, call 452-

3616. 

DARK STAR MEETING 

available! 

PRE--HEAL TH 
SCIENCE STUDENTS: 
Broaden your awareness of th· current 
issues in the Health Science Field. Attend 
the weekly HELP Journal lub Me.,tlngs, 
every Friday at 3 pm in the Vice-

hancellor's c nference room upstairs in 
the Student Center. 

CLASSIFIEDS, ANYONE? 

The U D Food -op is open to serve 
you in rhe Student enter from 10-5 daily , 

and from 11 -4 on the weekends. 

ONEG SHABBAT 

The J presents another neg habbat , 
featuring a prof.lram about the Boat People, 
Friday, NowmlJt,r 16 at 6:30 pm In the 

han ellm' omplex, Room A. Vegi 
Potluck. For more info, ca ll 452-3616. 

ASIAN A W ARENE S 
WORK HOP D.A_R.K. S.T.A. R., UCSD's own scienc .. -

fiction dub, is meeti ng tomorr w, 
Thursday. 15 N vember at 7 pm in the 
Revelle Informal Lounge. Our meeting 
usually include discu sions of current 
books, films, and TV F; thl meeting Ivill 
also highlight a possible trip to LA for the 
premiere of "Star Trek-the motiun 
picture." All nre welcome; for more 

information call 453 -4688. 

In slfied advertisin" in The D(lll y 
Guardian can bl.' pur hased at their offices 
in the tudent entcr, Monday thru 
Friday, fmlll 9 am to 4 pm. Dendllnes are 
two day~ /0 advanc<' l)f "hen you want thl.' 

ad to ~tart runnin", a plan nh .. nd! 

Wanted: A ian tudents to define Asian 
idenrity . Who arc we, why arc we here, and 
where arc we going? The answer is within 
u . Let' discus it at the Work h p on 
A ian Awareness at 5 pm in the enter for 
the Peorl ... Fa illtat~-d by Dr. Phil Rurhnel , 

nnJ sronsored by AA A. 



Budweiser 
Intramural S 

In many areas of the country !hi. week, 
colleae football will be going bonken u uaual. 
It', the traditional, end·of·the-leuon, win one 
the of alma mammy, big !lame week. People 
really set up for this one. I mean what in the 
world can be more important for Indiana 
reaident., than when Purdue tackles Indiana 
U..-venity far the Old Oaken Bucket. Or 
when Cal travel. to Palo Alto thia Saturday to 
chaDenge Standford for THE AXE in the 
original BIG GAME. Ann Arbor, Michigan 
will aIao be gettin!l a tittle bit excited this 
Saturday when their Wolverine. giv~ it one 
lut ahol at a trip to the Rose BOwl in their 

annual blood· letting with the Ohio State 
Buckeye •. 
Well , UCSD might not approach that kind of 
madne .. thia weekend, but you can bet there 
win be a few teams up for football this 
Saturday. The word FEW may be a 
misnomer, however. Some 52teamago to the 
gridiron this week in the fir.t full weekend of . 
play.off action. It, BIG GAME weekend at 
UCSD and the Sunday survivors will all take a 
big step closer to playing in one of UCSD' s 
end·of·the·sea»on bowl game. on Dec. 2. 

Here', a quick look at .ome of the leading 
contenders for bowl berths: 

THE ANIMAL BOWL 
The Animal Bowl (Men'. AAA) might be 
heading for another colliaion course between 
lut year' •• uperpower. Chocolate City (5·0) 
and Unbeat Meat (5.0). Both team. tied for 
top IpOI in AAA this week and are anxioualy 
awaiting. rematch of last year', sensational 
championship game. However, a few oIher 
AAA cUIs are noI conceding anything yet. 

. Rocky Mountain Oysters (5. 1) Ia,tyear'. AA 
champs are handling the move up to the big 
time ju.t fine. L~t Su n1ay , they .olidly 
trounced Third College LZ 16-0 to advance 10 
the semi·finals. Black Death (3.2) and Return 
of The (3-1) can play some ball al.o and look 
for the winner of this game to right there in the 
thick of it. 

THE BANANA BOWL 
The Banana Bowl (Men'. AA) hu a long 
way to flO before coming up with a pair oi 
finaliata. But you can bet 16 teams wiD be 
going far it tru. weekend. Early favorite. IeeITI 
to be No. I Cartwright. (5-0) and perennial 
AA powerhouae Methadone (5·0) who 
breezed 10 eu)' diviaional titles. T raditionaUy, 
however, the AA division alway. manages to 
produce a clark horse or two that wind. up in 
the final. Thi. yelll'" look·out·/or·u. team» 
include the New Yark Hunt Club (5-0) who 
oo..tlM footbaU'. futest set of receiver. a. 

weU u Lineman of the Year candidate Carl 
Northcraft. Then there's THE TIDE. a group 
of transler . tudenta from Alabama who know 
how to put llOint. on the board. Featuring the 
top-rated QB in AA football Dave Jansen; the 
Tide hal scored 98 points in four games this 
year and have given up only 6. Other teams to 
watch are Debauchery (4-1). an 8·6 Io.ser to 
Cartwright. earlier. and Bofo (4-1 ) who 
emerged a. a co·titlest in the tough Bruin . 
League. 

THE CADAVER BOWL 
The Cadaver Bowl despite ita name, will nol 
be courtina a bunch of .tilf. thia seuon. 
Already the Scalpela (5.0) and Jonathan Axe 
(4-1) have jumped to the head of the chUi. 
But, red-alert .irena Ire righl now wailing in 

ITS TURKEY 
TROT TIME 
If you haven' t purchased your Thanksgiving 
day turkey. yet. fret noI. The Campus 
Recreation program wiD save you the trouble. 
Their IIIIIIUIlI run for the gobbler. is back 
again lor the seventh .traight year and 
promiIea to be another highly competitive, but 
mOftly·far·fun event. 

Plenty 01 delicioua. good· looking bird, are 
lining themselves up right now in turkey 
heaven 81 they await their journey to your 
Thankagiving table. How do you win one? 
Simple. Sign-up this week in the Campus 
Recreation office for either the short (3.mile) 
or Ions (5.mile) croa-campus run that will be 

. held this Saturday on the Muir Field at 9 am. 
Predict your finishing time for the distance you 
have selected and for thOlie conting closest to 
their prediclion, Campus Rec will give you the 
bird ... uh turkey. 

Course maps are now available in the 
RecGym Of/ice with entry deadline set for this 
F ri~ay at 12 noon. . 

the background, to warn aU-comer. of three 
other pretty fair country foolballteam. Kill 
My Paaa (4.1), Cunning Linguisll (4.1). and 
A.k Mott. (4.1). 

COED 
VOLLEYBALL 

Coed AAA 
1 . Steve', Superstars (13-2) 
2 . Delta. (14.4) 
3 . Nice Sets! (13.5) 
4 . Nansen', Messengers (15.0) 
5 . Awesome II (12·6) 
6 · Patellar Tendinitis (13·5) 
7 - Po Dink' U (11.7) 
8 . Spiked Ball, (10-8) 
Coed AA 
1 . Good Karma (18·0) 
2· Nice Handa . Vince (15-3) 
3 . Sunday Moonlighters (15-0) 
4 · All (13-5) 
5 - Late Entry (6-0) 
6 . Biohazards (10·5) 
7· Mojos (12.6) 
8 . Totally Hot (6-0) 
9 · Squeaky Rubbers (12·6) 
10 . Bul11ps & Grind, (12·6) 

Coed A 
1 . Little Spikes (13.5) 
2 . Tigers (12·3) 
3 . Honey Bees (12·6) 
4 · Many Ha·Has (13-2) 
5 . Ra Action (12.6) 

THE BUD FOOTBALL POLL 
Men'. AAA Men's A 
1. Chocolate City (5·0) 72 
2. Unbeat Meat (5·0) 72 
3. Rocky Min Oy.ters (5· 1) 44 
4 . Black Death (3·2) 20 
5. Return of The (3·1) 20 

1. Scalpels (5·0) 80 
2 . Jonathan Axe (4·1) 48 
3 . Cunning Linguists (4. 1) 32 
4. Kiss My Pass (4.1) 25 
5. Ask Molls (4·1) 16 

Coed AA 
I. More Better Hands (6·0) 76 

Men'.AA 2 . Anisotropic Shielders (5·0 ) 68 
1. Cartwrighta (5-0) 80 
2 . Methadone (5·0 ) 66 
3 . New York Hunt Club (5-0) 62 

3. Cruise·a·Matic (5·1) 44 
4 . No One Eats Par.ley (3·2) 28 
5 . CPs Oldie, & Moidies (3-3) 12 

4. Tile Tide (4.0) 52 
5. Bofo (4.1) 36 Coed A 
6 . Debauchery (4. 1) 33 
7 . TDH Deep Threat. (5·1) 25 

1. Hot fudge (5· 1) 80 
2. Ebony Stars (5·0) 59 

8 . The Beans (5.1) 14 
9 . Pigskinners (5·n 10 
10. Summa Cum Loud (4. 1) 7 

3 . Athlet ic Supporters (5. 1) 41 
4 . Vipera III (5· 1) 36 
5 . Ooma Gooma (4 ·2) 0 

WedD .... )'. Nov_ 14.1879 

COED FOOTBALL 
Coed FootbaU at UCSD hllll never been better semi· final spot with a hard earned 13·8 
as the split into two divisions hal produced a deciaion over CPs Oldies & Moldies. 
number of exciting teams both old and new. In Coed A Football, they haven't yet come up 
Coed AA looks like an inatant replay of last with a name for their new bowl garr.e, but if 
year as four familiar faces square-off in the every thing goes according to form they might 
race for the Climax &wl Championship. as well ca ll it the Soul Bowl. It seems that the 
Two·time champ Anisotropic Shielder. (5.0 ) two resident black coed leams in Division A 
cranked up their point-a·minute offense and appear to have a solid corner on the brackets 
squelched Sq~iggy and Squinny 48-0 la~t as they both approach some interesting 

S~nday . Crulse-a·Malic (5·1) u~ SIX . match.ups this weekend . Last Sunday Hot 
differe'.lt quarterbacks and 25 d!ffe~ent Fudge (5. 1) and the Ebony Stars (5·0) cruised 
formatoona to totally confuse Malpractoce on a to 36-zip and 30.6 triumphs in first round 
40·13 romp. More Better Hand. (6.0), rated play-off action. Felicia Stewart of Hot Fudge 
at t.he top for most of the season. 5ho~ed off had a career day a8 she dazzled the defensive 
!helr ~tented S.bo~b offen.e on an backfield of Open Mind. with four long 
Impre8SIVe 3~20 won o.ver !he ,Blues touchdown receptions. Waiting in the wings to 
Bomber •. T~at. s S .. bomb a. In SheIla 0 Broen catch a slip from either of the two top ones, are 
go. long. 0 Bnen JU.t happena to have the the Athletic Supporters (5.1) who put in a 
qujck~st bu"t off the lone ,on Coed Football. solid claim al a contender with a convincing 
And fmally. Steve Crowder I aptly named NO 20.0 win over the Rangers. 
ONE EATS PARSLEY acquired Ihe last 

BUDMAN'S INSTA-RATINGS 
Coed In..-tube Waterpolo Ranlcina. 

Coed AA 
I . De.tiny (4-0) 
2 . Sklif (4-0) 
3· Slippery When Wet (2.1) 
4 . Polo Bear. (4.0) 
5 . Rubber Duckiea (3-1) 
6 · Squeaky Rubber. (2.1) 
7 • Screaming Artichokes (3-1) 
8 - A.S.HoIeI .(2·1) 
9 . Cardinal (3.2) 
10· S and M, (2.1) 

Coed A 
1 . Beat in the League (3.0) 
2 . C·House (4·0) 
3 . Cartwrighta (4·0) 
4 . Paragon (5·0) 
5 . Rock Lobater. (2.0) 
6 . Eni, Penvy (3-1) 
7 . Dunkin Donuts (3·0) 
8 . Dankin' , Innertubea (3-1) 
9 · Waahed Up (2·1) 
10· WaahJbea (2·0) 

Good times are great times ~ the easy: taste of 

~--~~~~~~~~~~======================~ Budweiser 
IL-L • ..-................. . ... ... ... ......... • •• • -. . ............ ~ .. . ...... - • • ~ ...... .. 

Wedne8Clay, Nov. 14,1979 The Dally Guardian 9 

Frisbee Ultimately Becomes T earn Sport 

C-nl ..... ",... by Mic4oe' LM:At.r 

UCSD'. annual Turkey Trot run will be held this Saturday, 
both three- and five-mile counea, beginning at 9 am. Only 
non-intracollegiate runner. can participate, and can enter in 
either the intramurali or open divi.ion.. Prize. will be 
awu-ded to both men and women who finish the race fint, and 
in a separate category for those who run closest to their pre-
dicted time. Sign up with your predicted time at the R.ec Office 
by Friday. 

r----------------------, 
: FREE MOVIE TICKETS : 
I Monday and Tuesday Night Special I 
1 ______ -----------______ 1 

Come !o Alexander's Pizza and try our medium or 
large deep dish pizza with beverages and we'lI give 
you a free ticket good at all Mann Theatres in San 
Diego. (These tickets purcha5ed by Alexander's just 
for this special offer) For every $6.00 you spend. you 
get one ticket worth $4.00. So bring in the whole gang 
and let Alexander's take you to the movies! 

Hurry in while the supply lasts! , ~ . 
. .r -.II; 

; . - 17', .~ ~V.~ .'f l 
.ALEXANDER'S PIZZA 
4605 E. Mission Bay Dr. ~.~ 
t 12 block south of Garnet 

272-2400 Offer good while supply lasts-not good on take-QUt orders. 

.~ 
. .. T .......... , ... 270-33'2 210-33,' 

MEN'S HAIRCUTS $8.00 
(conditioner. blow dry. women s!ightly higher) 

featuring 
soft. natural-looking perms. done by 

Pattie King. formerly of Command Performance. 

WE SPECIALIZE IN PERMS $25.00and up 
(includes condition. cuI and styling) 

... OPEN WEEKNIGHTS ... 
Monday-Friday 9 am-8 pm Saturday 9·5 

We use KMS Products Visa and Mastercharge accepted 

By David Goetz 
Staff Writer 

Frisbee playing at UCSD 
has grown up. With the advent 
of the school's first "ultimate 
frisbee" team, the sport is no 
longer just a fun thing to do 

~tween classes. 
Student Scott Wilson 

rounded up a team al the 
beginning of the quarler. 

sports. 
During the two hour 

practices, lorty live minutes is 
devoted to specific drills 
desigrwd for frisbee . The 
players work especially hard 
on expanding their throwing 
capabilities, as this is the basis 
of nltimate frisbee. Experi. 
enced players teach the less 
informed about the various 
types of throws to elude 
defenders . The backhand and 
sidearm styles are stressed , for 
they are used the majority of 
the time during games . 

The rest of the practice time 
is spent on actually playing the 
game. 

One unusual aspect of 
ultimate frisbee is that there 
are no referees, the players 
lhemselves make the caDs. 
UCSD's Adrian Hoban call. it 
"a gentleman's game", where 
lrust and honesty allow it to 
work. 

The Triton squad managed 
to tie SDSU two weeks ago, 
22·22. These kinds of scores 
reflect on how much running 
up and down the field the 
teams actually do. 

"The Ultimate Bunch", a 
San Diego club, is next on the 
schedule. and UCSD has high 
hopes of defeating this 
established team. 

Now after two months of 
practice, Wilson says that he 
has a "pool of people" to play 
on the team, mostly regulars 
now who have been with the 
club since it evolved. Persons 
with an interest in the sport are 
invited to participate and get a 
feel for the game. 

The rules for ultimate 
frisbee are simple. Two seven 
person teams try to score by 
passing the frisbee into the 
hands of a team member in the 
end zone. Team members 
pass the frisbee keeping it in 
the air at all times. The person 
holding the disc may not move 
more than one step. 

Crew r earn Demands 
D~votion - Already ' 
Continued from pafe 7 
but functions like a quarterback. He caUs out a rhythmic 
cadence, and monitors the boat's perfonnance. 

Just ahead of the coxswain sits the "moke", who sets the pace 
of the rowing, and is usually the rower with the bestsenle 01 
rhythm. The middle five rowers .upply most of the power. and 
the bowman generally hal a fine technique. Yet together the nine 
men make up a tightly .ynchronized team, that aim. to function 
as a single Wlit. 

The palling goes on until 
the team drops the frilibee, or 
catches it in the end zone·for a 
score. If the frisbee or the 
person carrying it goes outside 
of the boundaries, it is also a 
lumover. 

The UCSD team practices 
four times a week to condition 
for the high energy levels 
required in the game. Constant 
running and palling to 
teammates gives ultimate 
frisbee a strong resemblance 
to soccer, among the world's 
most physically .trenuou. 

GillinJ{ham call. the crew team "a fraternity without the 
bullshit," because "there is a real bond formed between crew 
members." Gillingham goes o.i to describe crew u "the moet 
dedicated aport," and !leeS rowing as "the ultimate team aport." 

All the pre-season training the (rew Team goes through i. to 
prepare for Oile major regatta. That race, held in April, wiD be 
the "Crew Clallie". In the "Clanie," UCSD andSDSU willhoat 
the beat uew teams in the nation, induding Harvud, 
Washington, Cal and USC. Coach Vallerga exp,ects a .trong 
performance from his team in the 1980 "Clu.ic, ' 10 Wltil then, 
the UCSD .Crew Team will continue with ill early moming 
workouts. 

Do you feel depresseJ and trapped in a dead·end job! 
Learn houl [Q re-train and SlaT! a ne\!' career in San 
Diego. Send $8.00 for Dr. Stan Schatl 's nL'U' book: 
How to Change Careers in San Diego 

Educational PI4blicarions 
p.o. Box 2:1734 
San Diego. CA 

~OUR FU;; i-...~ ,~~ ~ 
" ~~~ ~ . 

INTERNATIONAL 
CAREERS 

GRADUATE DEGREES AND PROFESSIONAL PREPARATION 
FOR: GOVERNMENT e FOREIGN SERVICE elNTERNATtONAL 
BUSINESS e UNITED NATIONS e TRANSLATtON e tNTER-
PRETATtON 

A SCHOOL REPRESENTATIVE WILL VIStT THIS CAMPUS 
ON NOVEMBER 16 FROM 9 am - 5 pm . MAKE AR-
RANGEMENTS THROUGH YOUR 

PLACEMENT CENTER 

FOR INFORMATION ON ABOVE PROGRAMS AND tNTENSIVE 
LANGUAGE SUMMER SESSIONS. WRITE TO: DEAN OF AD. 
MISSIONS. POST OFFICE BOX 1878. MONTEREY. CALIFOR-
NIA 83840. 

EiItIatlIMI eel. CMI..,.' ....... ' ........ 
2180 Garnet 

PocIfIc Beach 

270.6810 
CLASSES 

ON 
CAMPUS 

Cenl.,. 1ft .... Tl\eft 10 MlIIr 
us CIII ... ""rto I .. e\ T ....... 
Ce .................. wn ... 

Dulli ... NY SI.1e 
CAlL TlU flU . ... m ·l711 



'10 

Yesterday's Treasures 
. for Today's Woman. 

Open: T ues.-Fri. , 11-5, 
Wed ., 11-7, 
Sat. -Sun" 12-5, 
Closed ~lol1 . 

Two miles l;;"'st 
of llwy. 5 O il 
Cannel Yalley Rd .• 
Del Ma r 481-0531 

PeU91J Seeger 

Wedn ..... y. Nov. '14. I'" 

& Ewan 
Mac(Jo 

Peggy Seeger (yes. sne's Pete's sister) and Ewan MoeColl hove been 
singing and sharing the songs of the British Isles since they met in London in 
1956. 
MocCoIl is the author of The First Time Ever I saw Your Foe • . Freeborn Mon. 
and The ShooIs 01 Herring. Peggy Seeger's best known song is Gonna be 
an Engl,... - an anthem lOf women in their struggle fOf equal rights and' 
status. 
They are singers. songwriters. filmmakers and authors. 
Don't miss this rare appearance by two of the world's best 
folksinger/musicians! 

November 15. Thursday. 8:30 p.m. 
Revelle Cafeteria 
- U~SD Sf. $3.00. GA. $4.00 

U.E.O lox 0ffIc. 
452~ 

Pres"fl'ed bv 'he Un~1IIy ~ OItce ana suppot1ed. on pori oy 'ne National 1_101 ... "'" 
and 'he ........ FoIdore SocteIv 

Calculator $ALE 
TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 

There's one for your every need: 
TI'55 

Advanced slide rule calculator 
with programmability $34.00 

TI'50 40 
Desk calculator with easy,to,read 
display and printed tape. $94.00 

TI's Learning Center 
Exciting electronic spelling & 
math aids for YOftngsters 6 & up: 

Little Professor $12-75 
DATAMAN $18.70 
Spook & Spell $55.25 

*plus additional unadvertised specials* 

o 

I' 

Calculators 

TI'175 0 
Pocket portable electronic 
calculator with memory--
OUR PRICE $18.60 

UNIVERSITy BOOKSTORE 

Wed .... y. Nov. 14. 1179 

sifieds 
PERSONAls 

Earn 4-16 units with an internship from 
CASINO. Oller 500 choices -
polnicians, education. health. law. 
consumer and more. Pick up 
application at CASINO in AS office al 
Student Center. Deadl ine is NOli. 19. 
(11/19) 
Phil. How aboul watching the news 
tonight? Bener yet Kentucky Fried 
MOllie will do. Hot Lips. (111 t 4) 
Slimey Vipers. Come out of your 
shadowy al coves . Make your 
prescence known. 

The Colonel. (111 t 4) 

Mark K. leader of those Infamous 
Vipers. Either show up at the movie or 
no morenookie. Boom-Boom. (11 / 14 ) 
SOAP, How about sliding over to 
Rellelle Cafe tonight. LeI's have some 
fun. 

SWAT (11/14) 
SAL TMAN. Let's sellie our differences 
over a movie. I hear KENTUCKY 
FRIED MOVIE Is a blast. McElroy 
(11/14) 
TONY, If you 're looking for a good 
time, I'll meet you in the cafe for KFM 
at 8:00 or 9:30. 36-24-36 (11/14) 

DANO. 
Kentucky Fried Movie ton ighl. Be 
there Aloha . 

MCGARRET 

TIFC. Be at the movie; this is a 
mandate. Your Ever Lov'n. Tritia T. 
(11/14) 

El. I haven 't dropped off the face of 
the earth, gone back to Europe. or 
been buried in books. Mike (1 t 114) 
Jon Goetz: 
I really think you are cute especially 
your big blue eyes! LOlle Your Bed 
Buddy. (11/14) 

WANTED: Someone to take VIBRA to 
the 3rd College Boat Dance. Nov 1 6 8· 
12. (11/14) 
Meeting for students interested in law 
careers Wed, Nov 14 12-1 pm Student 
Affairs Room, Bldg B. (11/14) 
To Mr. One of these days · Happy 21 st 
8 ·day. Have a good one! Who Else! 
(11 / 14) 
Andrea Winters: Happy 18th Birthday. 
Hope iI's your best yet! Love Peggy. 
Debi and Stacey (Hari) (11/14) 
Kev: If you like pina coladas and 
getting caught in the rain. If you like 
Tiaiuana (Tillies) and lile in the fast 
lane. If you like making love al 
midnight on the dunes at the beach. 
then you're the love thaI I've looked 
for, write 10 me and escape (Tahiti?) .. 
---Schnoogles. (11/ 14) 
On Thursday. November 15. 1979. 
Norma Lopez from the Education 
Board Program. UC Santa Barbara, 
will be on campus to answer questions 
and talk about lhe Education Abroad 
Program. The Program presently 
offers UC students the opportunity to 
spend a year of study at a modes cost 
in one of the 46 host institutions in 20 
countries. Muir College. Room HSS 
2305, at 9:00 am. (11114) 

On Thursday, November 15, 1979, 
Norma Lopez from the Edue,ation 
Abroad Program, UC Santa Barbara. 
will be on campus toanswer questions 
and talk about the Education Abroad 
Program. The Program presently 
offers UC students the opportunity to 
spend a year of study at a modest cost 
in one of the 46 host institutions in 20 
countries. Muir College. HSS 2305. at 
9:00 am. (11/14) 

Earn 4·16 lKlits with an intership from 
CASINO. Over 500 choices • 
polrticians. education, health, la w, 
consumer and more . Pick up 
applicat ion at CASINO in AS 'office at 
Sludent Center. Deadline is Nov. 19. 
(11 / 19) 

Sorrento Valley 
Racquetball & Spa 

i--------2-for-l! --
1 $2.50/ hour non prime-time 1 
1 (rl~gular 5250 each) : 
1 6:30- 11 am.1 -4pm, 8-10pm - . 
1 UCSO Student W / 10 only 1 
L __ expires 21 November, 1979 -I 

10999 Sorrento Valley Road • San DieAo. California 92121 

129 N. Hwy 101 
Solana Beach 

755-7323 

25,000 BOOKS 
... in most subjects; especia lly good selection o[ 
history, psychology, sociology and literary 

criticism. Priced at 1/2 cover or Ie s. 

Just north of Dcl Mar 
on Hwy 101 

Anyone interesled in owning and operating a 
bookstore? Personal problems force lhe ale of 
this emire lore al a very good pri e. Plea e call. 

THIS BUSINESS 
IS FOR SALE. 

Open 12·5 daily. WE BUY BOOKS . . 

ABORTION IS A CRIME THAT KILLS 
not only the child but the consciences 
of all Involved - Mother Teresa-
(11 /30) 
SLAVEHOLDERS protested "Don't 
impose your m()(als on us" Now 
abortionists chant the same refrain. 
(11130) 
FREE PREGNANCY TESTING AND 
COUNSELING . MEDICAL AND 
FINANCIAL AID REFERRALS 24 hrs. 
AT 583·5433. (11/30) 

Need revenge wrthout risK? If so. we 
can help. UCSD's newest service. 
Dial-A-Prank has a wide variety of 
choices. For a small fee, you can have 
your revenge. Call : 453-8118 or 453· 
9696 NOW!! (11 / 16) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Racquelball at Black Mountain. Play 
lwo hours for two bucks! Meet us at 
Urey Hall mailbox 8:30 pm Thurs. 
(11/15) 
Athletes - Lets find a chancellor who 
cares about UCSO sports. Fill out the 
q~stionnaire in the Guardian and ask 
for a person with plans for athletics. 
(11116) 
Asian identity - what is it? the answers 
lie within us • workshOp 5 pm Woo Nov 
14 Center For The People. (11 / 14) 
WANTED: Asian studenls! Workshop 
this Wed. w/ Dr . Phil Raphael 5:00 
Center For The People. (1 1 / 14) 
UCSD SKI TEAM Organizational 
meeting: Wed. Nov. 14. 6pm USB 
3030B . Racing exper ience not 
required. (11/ 14) 
Amateur Audition Night at Walks 
Place at lhe Pub Woo. Noll 14 & 21 
6:00 on. Contact Jim Laughlin, 755-
7825. (11/16) 
vASINO is the Community/Associ-
ated Students Internship Office! Drop 
by our office at the Student Genter and 
ask about a winter quarter internship! 
Deadline is Nov. 19! (11/ 19) 

WORLD OF COMICS 

Woyseck . A brutal tragedy Nov 14-
1 7, 8:00 pm HSS 2250 99¢ at the door. 
(11/16) 
Anthropology 101 : S. Strum'S Winter 
Course. Change in prerequisites: Now 
only AN 25, (11/14) 
ABORTIONISTS hired to Kill wilh your 
reg fees? Yes! Angry? Object? Join 
the reSistors! How? 454 ·1 962. 
(11 / 30) 
NIGHTS OUT IS NOV 16TH. Buy your 
tickets in advance. Come prepared for 
the best in entertainment. (11/16) 

SERViCES 
JENNY'S HOME TYPING • Term 
papers, theses, diss. Days and eves 
225·1449.(11/300 
Typists: IBM exper/theses/disser/ 
termpaperslediting. RUSH JOBS! 
453·0656 452-1588 286-4936 225-
1449. (6/15) 
Typing: University city. IBM selectric. 
Fasl, reliable. Days 452·4244, ask for 
Jane. Eves 453·4966. (11/30) 
Typing • term papers. theses. diss. 
IBM correcting selectric. Reasonable. 
Mrs. Olds 455-0127. (11/30) 

CIEE student travel center located on 
the 2nd floor of the student center 
open MWF 8 - 12. TIh 12 - 4. (11/30) 
Keg discounts for UCSD students. 
UCSD area. PB & MB. Call today for 
wknd. Delivery avail. rick 272· 1855. 
(11/15) 
WAITI Don't turn in your winter quarter 
class schedule until you have Slopped 
by CASINO. Earn 4-16 units wilh a San 
Diego internShip. Over 500 choices. 
Stop by CASINO atlhe Student Center 
in AS office. (11 / 19) 

housiNG 
For renl 1 bdrm in La Jolla house. 
Lndry, fireplace, 10 min from UCSD. 
Available end o~ov , Dec 454-7241 . 
(11/15) 

270-1,553 
929 Turquoise St . , "C", San Diego, CA 92109 - INP.B.! 

ST UDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Science Fiction & Fantasy • Underground Comix • Magazines 

New & Rare Comic Books • Fanzines • Calendars • Posters 
Fine Art Portfolios • and Much , Much More 

Y our valid Student 1.0 . is your ticket to savings on every thing! 
Sto p in today and start saving right away. 10% automatic discount 
with 1.0 . A nd, bring this ad for a one·time extra discount of 5%. 
World of Comics is located at the comer of Turquoise Street and 
Bayard Street ill PACIFIC BEACH. C'm on ill today! UC-J 

Seeks to employ 
qualified UCSD 

students as 

DRIVERS 

apply in person 
2206 Carmel V alley Road 

&Iual opponunity emp/O)I<.'T Del Mar 

11 

Mammoth Chalet for Rent 4 
bedroom, 2 bath , sleeps to, 
completely furnished, all wood, big fire 
place, 3 blocks from lift 7 & 8. 
Available for weekend. weekly ()( 
monthly rental. Rates for weekend 
$100/night . weekly $85/night , 
monthly $65 /ni gh1. 50% non-
refundable deposit to reserve. Plan 
now for Mammoth. Call Doug (714) 
540-5222 ()( (714) 770-0571. (1 t / 27) 
Roommate needed starting Dec. Own 
rm. furn. pool. lacuzzi. tenniS. 20 min 
walk to UCSO. $142 / month 453-
1602. (11/14) 
Sublet my 1 bdrm apt oller xmas 
break. Furn. all util pd. linens, dishes, 
$175. Call Carla 272-3148. 453-7162 
(11/15) 
For rflnl 1 bdrm in a 5 bedrm house. 
Located in S.l.J. $157 plus elec, pool. 
yeard, garage, fruit trees. washer, 
dryer. fireplace. 7 blocks to beach. Ph: 
488·6768. ask for Sherrie or Sharon. 
(f 1/20) 
F roommate Jan. 5 own bedroom in a 3 
bedroom 10;, bath. Near UCSO $141 
mo. plus utilities non·smoket. 453· 
4501 . (11 / 21) 
Unique, newly decorated 3 bdrm, 3 
bath house. pan()(amic oceanview. 
sun deck. wet bar, lireplace, fenced 
yard. double garage, prefer graduate 
students. Evenings 753 -6150, 
weekends 753·4384 $795/ mo. 
(11116) 
Room lor rent Solana Beach home 
$1371mo. Fireplace. ocean view. 
female 20-30 neat mellow mature. 
755-5760. (11114) 
Available In December: room for male 
to share 4-bedroom country living. 20 
min from campus. ~ mile from beach 
$1751 mo Oceanside. 722·7939. 
(1 t/30) 
Roommate wanted for La Jolla condo. 
All facilit ies pool, jacuz, tennis, maid 
once a week. $225. Call Joyce 299-
6988 days. (11 / 16) 

P/eClse turn / .. /)(J1o,1i! 12 

womancare 

~ afemlnllf WOfn8rI'. health center 
- Self-help 
- Well woman 
- Pregnanc:y 

screening 
- abortion 

up to 16 weeks 
_ birth control 
_ childbirth 

3686 4th Av.nue 
Son DIego, CA 

92103 
or call: 291-9312 

t ~ CQ~t\:' IlAI~ ~f~S~ 
~()()I< 

$35 special 
for perms 

(shoulder length) 
students only 

North Gate Plaza 
8660 Miramar Rood 

566-7530 
otTer thru Nov 20. 1979 



lassifieds 
Continued from page 11 
WANTEd 

EASY EXTRA INCOME! $SO /1000 
Stuffing enveIopet-Quaranleed. Send 
HIt addreued. stamped envelope to: 
DEXlER ENlERPRISES 3039 Shrine 

~. LA. CA 90007. (11/18) 

SURfERS! Bored whh your board? If 
.'s cheap we'll take it. Ask for Evelyn 
or Yvonne at 455-0287 (11/14) 

uaesitting job or apt or house to rent 
for Dec 453-3804 Mat (11/14) 

fOR SAlE 
88 Chrysler Newport Runs good for 
beer runs. etc. 18 mpg. 300 bucks. Call 
Stew 453-0207. (11/15) 

TWO UNITED AIRLINES discount 
coupons $45 each. Call Lynn at 481-
2901 after 6 pm. (11/16) 
Grateful Dead Tickets Fri 11/237:30 
pm 2 torS22. Contact Stell8. 274~ 
3541.188l/e number. (11/16) 

67VW. rebuilt engine. new brakes. new 
tires. not very beautiful but very 
reliable. $700. 278-8989. (11/15) 

Half fare coupons Unhed Airlines 
$35.00 Phone· 277-0528 evening£: 
only. (11/21) 

73 SAAB super mech. cOnd.. new 
radials. brakes. etc. $2000. Records 
avail. 747-2144. keep trying. Over 30 
mpg. (11/15) 

~ fare United Airlines coupon. Fly 
home for ~ the cost. Only $45. Call 
Rich 7553717. (11/16) 

. lOST 6 fou Nd 
Found a gold pendent on Revelle 
campus I would be happy to return it if 
size and design can be identified. Ask 
for Jane at 454-0869. (11 /16) 

Found: Watch. near Revelle Plaza on 
Fri evening after skating. Call and 
Identify. 455-9507. (11/14) 

ATTENTION: 
WOMEN ATHELETES 

Dr. Sheryl Friedner 
Podiatrist/Foot Specialist 
Announces the opening of 

CLAIREMONT PODIA TRY 
dedicated to the special needs 

of the female athelete 
Clairemonc Village 3079 Clairemont Dr. 

San Diego, CA 92 I 17 
2 75-1971 

Daydream 
Continued from I>aRe 2 
front of all kinda of animals 
that are at least common in 
their natural habitat.. I 
imagined him looking in the 
dark at skunks, OPPOllumS, 
foxes and wolf cuba. This 
activity, I must say, took up a 
major part of my dream, and 
my thoughts wandered freely 
through aU parts of the world 
including Africa and the 
frozen wastes of Siberia. 

Having found no plausible 
candidate for Wald's animal 
(too bad he failed to name it), 
and with my weak brain tiring, 
I commenced to leave my 
semi-catatonic dream state. I 
found myself sitting at a table 
in a totally silent room staring 
out into space at nothing and 
everything at the same time. 

I decided that it was time to 
go home. It had been a long 
day and I was tired. 

The Country Deli 
__ al_ 

dMIcIouI .. __ tct. 

...... ---of_ ..... or '-__ r------ ..... 2 .... _ ---, 
, .... -.on ... ' 
: CCIUIIIIY 

i~ , 
, 
, 
, 

WedDeHaY, Nov. 14, 1879 

Student Tractor 
Continued from page 4 par t san d reb u i I din g 

equipment. The entire project 
in two and a half year.. is truly a unique accomplish. 

According to Seymour, ment, and it's regretful that this 
"&thman took a $100,000 kind of curriculum il not 
project, and reduced it to a available for other engineering 
COlt of $20,000 by salvaging students," he stated. 

Ads Better Than Flyers 
,Continued from I>aRe 2 
considering such a move. 

RAN ANBAR '79 
Editor's note: Ran Anbar is a former news editor of The 

Guardian. He wrote this letter before the AS Council approved 
its advertising contract with the paper. 

Culture Shock 
Continued (rom page 2 
capt.ion in Thursday's paper as Yang SOong, the grad student 
interpreter) could have lined up a couple of univeristy cars and 
spirited the group off to the best restaurant in town, a 
predictable gesture that would have been like the Chinese 
government showing visitors a model factory. Ledden's 
practical mind probably told him that since the five will be at 
UCSD for a year, the sooner they got the bad news, the better. 

UNDERWEAR THAT'S FUNTAWEAR 
• 

20 different styles available, including:-------, 
How Sweet It Is, Slippery When Wet, 
and Love at First Bite 

Get Y ours Today at 
EXPRESSIONS UNLIMITED LA JOLL 

custom t-shirts and more 
1030 Torrey Pines Road at Herschel 

L...-__ ..,..----:--_ 45 

UT/IB1M 
11111: the PoMIc looks 
InIIructOr: I. FrIedman 
T/Th 12:30 to 1:50, HIS 21M 
CourIe Code: 3036 
Inter/Jreting the Bible in the T u'fmtieth 
Century, Stud, of the technlquel of doing 
Mnelt inter/Jretation of the Bible through 
tlarious peTJp ec t itles: Ii lerar , . 
historical /archaeological. theological and 
ps,chological. Also COt/t.'Ted ... ·ill be the 
application of these ta:hniques to the slud, 
of specific concepts and issue.~ in the Bible. 
inc/udinll: eth ics and Ia ..... jllStice tis . '11('T0'. 
war and peace, and man and \loman. 

PREPARED 
FOR FINALS? 

1Jf/1P132 
SPANISH AMERICAN 
U1'aAlUlE: the XIX CenIury-
IomanIIc PIoIe 
InIIructor. A. PrIeto 
MWF 12:00-12:10, HL 1.116 
CouIM Code 3111 
In the initial stagel of the formation of 
Latin American nation.!. TOlIIQnticum 
f1\'9'!ided the TeSOI4rce.J llecasary for lhe 
CTeation of a Incl, aUlhenrle liter_e. 
Writers like Sannienla. Ec"'-rria. 
Montalvo and PallllQ uoere able 10 achiew' 
a balance beluun the ",oolematic and 
literary theories of romanticum. 

Note: rhis cYJUrse is ~Toss· lisrcd u'lth 
L1T/ GEN ' 5 1. 

UT/EN 159 
CONTEMPORARY AMERICAN 
UTEIATUIE: Poetry 
Instructor: M. DavIdson 
MWF 9:00-9:50, USB 3070 
eou .... Code 5538 

. This course \I 'ill offl!T a gen. 'Tal suTtIeJ of 
poetrywrillen sin.;c 1945. W e u·,11 SIluly the 
contributions made Iry ""rlow schools and 
mooements. including rhose associated .... irh 
Black Mountain College. the Beats . ,he 
New York School. the Deep ImageCrOl4p. 
the Confessionals and the lou'CJ 'WritI!TS 
Workshop. In addition to the reading of 
contemporary Am.'Tican pot.1ry. dasses \I·ill 
feature raped recardings of the pot.'1S 
reading their ou," ... urk. and slud..'Tl1.! ""ill 
be encouraged 10 allend ""riow on-campu.~ 
and communi~ poetry readings. 

LIT lEN '7~ : AMERICAN POETRY II-note: ,:{)Imc u·ill be o{{ere1 in S/Jrinll· 
L1T/SP 1~4 : XIX CENTURY NOVEL- nole: course ... ·ilI be OffL'fed in :!pring. 

For further InIonnaIIon, pick up a copy of our broctMn In .... HL 
1014 or ""4009. 

or are you going 
to cram all night 
just to get by again? 
What if you could read . 
and study 5 times faster 
and still get better 
understanding? 

YOU CAN! 
What if you could 
recall material 
for tests in a new 
way that practically 
assured success? 

YOU CAN! 
You can with Learning Dynamics! Learning Dynamics will 
teach you the speed reading and study skills you need to make 
school a breeze, and only Learning Lrynamics guarantees 100% 
satisfaction or your money back. So take the risk out of finals 
and call Learning Dynamics today for a free introductory 
lesson! 

293-7810 
~ LERRNING DYNRmlCS 
562 MISSION VALLEY CENTER WEST. S.D., CA. 92108 


