
The Daill!: Guardian 
Volume 38, Number 14 Univenity of California, San Diego Wedneaday, October 10, 1979 

More than 200 students enjoyed yesterday's "smoke-in," 
where free joints were distributed and campus police 
avoided. 

200 Accent 
Police Don't Hear 
Free Joints Offered 

Ounces and ounces of free marijuana were the highlight , 
so to speak, of yesterday's noontime "smoke-in" at Revelle . 
Plaza. 

Over 200 people showed up for the event, many of 
whom supplied their own drugs. But organizers , "Emmitt 
Grogan" and the Socialist Revolutionary Anarchist Front, 
also distributed scores of joints to the delighted but passive 
crowd. 

Sponsors said the dealers among them provided the 
marijuana, and one observer described the event as a drug 
dealer's " Farmer's Markel. " 

Most in attendance said they heard of the event by word 
of mouth, or by the cloud of sweet smoke that fanned out 
over Revelle shortly after the ~n began. -

'But a "freak rolling across campus on roller skates" was 
responsible for pamphlets that advertised the event in 
advance, participants said. 

One group that apparently didn't get the word wa 
campus police, who were not present and said afterwards 
that they didn't know about it. 

Sgt. Clark Martin told The Daily Guardian that if police 
had known about the event, "we would have issued 
citations to everyone there in possession of under an ounce 
of marijuana. That's the law." 

Most participants, however, said the campus police 
probably chose not to know about the event, preferring not 
to be required by duty to arrest and cite hundreds of 
students. 

McElroy Given Break on Taxes, 
Not Required to Pay on U. House 

Chancellor McElroy will be granted property tax relief on 
the muItimdlion dollar estate atop La Jolla's cliffs in which he 
lives as part of his job. He will receive a $7,200 refund for 
those property taxes he paid from 1975-1978 on the 
university-owned mansion. 

Under a 1978 appeals court ruling, "property that is used 
exclusively for public school and state universities" is exempt 
from taxation. This means, in effect, that McElroy is entitled 
to a full refund on his possesory taxes. 

As Chancellor, McElroy is required to live in the university-
owned estate overlooking the O£ean. He is also paying taxes 
on a house he owns on Black Gold Road in La Jolla. 

If a $7200 refund for a six-acre seaside mansion seems 
small fOr a three-year period, this is because the chancellor is 
only taxed for a certain square footage of the estate, property 
that is considered his "dwelling," according to Leslie Franz, 
public information spokeswoman. 

The other part is "public" because of its use for university 
functions. 

This is not the first time McElroy has applied for a property 
tax refund. When he first became aware of the court decision, 
he said he applied for relief but was turned down. 

The delay in the decision to exempt the Chancellor from 
PI.,1e tum to pale 4 

TODA V'S WEATHER 
Night and morning low cloudiness with mo.tly sunny and 

slightly warmer afternoons. Morning temperatures will 
av .. age 62·67 degree. with afternoon high. 72- 78 degrees. 

Breekera will . .iverage 3-6 feet at 14 second interval •. 

4MCfL~(N (' fcl(tVA 
WilE f{}lfA . 

Reg Fee Gets 
Close to Decision 
On EOP Control 

By Kathy Huffer 
Associate New. Editor 

The Educational Opportunity Program received 
informal support for remaining under student affairs 
jurisdiction yesterday, as the Reg Fee committee prepared 
for its final recommendation next week on whether or not to 
move EOP to academic affairs. 

EOP is one of two organizations on campus that recruits 
minority students to UCSD. If the program is put under 
academic affairs control, it will join the Office of Relations 
with other Schools, which also works for minority student 
enrollment and is under academic affairs jurisdication. 

The Reg Fee committee, composed of seven students 
and five facuIty members, will recommend to Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs Richard Armitage next 
Tuesday whether or not to place EOP under academic 
authority. 

Yesterday's discussion at Reg Fee's first meeting of the 
year focused on the merits of the move, which most 
members said would not significantly improve minority 
enrollment. A faculty task force which this summer 
formally supported the move, has said that joining EOP 
and ORS could better coordinate minority recruitment at 
UCSD. 

The committee voted to invite Third College Provost 
Joe Watson, who headed the task force, and Harold 
Temmer, vice chancellor of admissions, to next week's 
meeting to answer questions on minority recruitment be-
fore they make their final decision. 

Elsa Leyva, a Student Affirmative Action Committee 
intern who studied EOP this summer, and EOP staff 
member Carlos Encinas will also be invited to attend next 
week's meeting. 

While some committee members urged that a vote be 
taken yesterday, Reg Fee Chairwoman Liz Reilly said they 
should first consult with campus members close to the 
issue. 

Prior to the discussion, Armitage spoke briefly to the 
committee, saying that while he "has an open mind on the 
issue," transference of EOP to academic affairs "might ~ 
a bad idea." 

Armitage suggested the change might be only 
"cosmetic," and said that with a new chancellor taking 
office next year, now would be an inappropriate time to 
alter the control of EOP. 

And Assistant Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs 

Please tum to page 4 

Student Rights Guaranteed 
In Non-Academic Discipline 

By Jocelyn Larkin 
Staff Writer 

UCSD students were guaranteed legal rights 
in non-academic disciplinary measures this 
summer with the establishment of a Student 
Conduct Code of Procedures. 

The code, drafted by new Legal Services 
Director Nick Aguilar, is in response to a 
systemwide order to bring the disciplinary 
policies of each campus into conformance with 
systemwide's recently published regulations. 

In the cases where disciplinary decisions 
cannot be settled informally, the new conduct 
code provides a "system intended to promote 
fair and impartial hearings," and guarantees 
specific student rights. 

The right to have an attorney present at 
hearings and the right to appeal, for example, 
are now official student rights as a result of the 
conduct code. 

The new code applies to all un~ergraduate 
and graduate students but medical students are 
already covered by a separate code which may 
later be combined with the new code, according 
to Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs Richard 
Armitage. 

Until this quarter, students subject to non-
academic di.ciplinary action had no legal 
protection in a univer.ity hearing and were not 
treated consi.tently, according to Aguilar. 

A vivid example of this was the hearings of 
eight UCSD students (including Marco Li 
Mandri , presently a Student Center advisor) 
charged in connection with an anti-CIA rally 
held here in November of 1975. 

Hearings took more than six months to 
complete and the administration, without 
established procedu.res, "had to make up the 
rules as they went along, " according to Li 
Mandri. The administration filled the roles of 
prosecutor, judge and jury , and six students 
received probation, he says. 

Aguilar, a 1972 Revelle graduate, was also 
actively involved in student politi s at UCSD in 
the early 70s and says he realizes "from 
personal experience" the need for students' 
rights and equal treatment. 

Aguilar says he modeled the code after the 
conduct code of such schools as UC Davis, 
UCLA, Ohio State and Berkeley. UCSD's 
code, he adds, has two unique characteristics. 

First, the code accommodates a four·college 
system, unique to UCSD, with four rather than 
one, lowest body for hearings. 

The coordinator is to serve as both a monitor 
who a sure consistent treatment of tudents 
and a representative of the administration in 
proceedings, according to the code. 

While Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Pleale tum fo pate .. 



2 The Daily Guardian 

Lett_Ito the Editor 
11 ,,1 " 

Wedn .... y. Oct. 10. 1879 

r-------·Jc:./nn Taylor ---- - ----, 

Ambivalent System 
Persecutes Chicanos 
When Herman Baca, the San Diego Chicano activist , 

likened the Border Patrol to the Nazi Party in his speech at 
last Friday's CUDA festival, it was easy to dismiss his 
comparison as a master rhetorician's hyperbole. That's too' 
bad, because in the sense that a racial or economic group can 
be harassed by another for some political benefit, he's right. 

He said letting more Chicanos into the Border Patrc;>1 would 
be like letting Jews into the Nazi Party or blacks into the 
KKK· in other words, an example of co· opting a few members 
of a 'persecuted group against t~e rest: Baca 's ~emar~s 
suggest that a ' society that Incre~smgly defmes ,Its 
relationships with minority groups m terms of raCial 
employment quotas can more easily hide institutions that 
persecute those groups. An illegal alien is left to derive 
whatever comfort he can from knowing that the boss of the 
fellow who takes him in is a Chicano, too. 

Pregnancy Should Get Reg Funds 

Baca gained prolll.inence in · San Diego after a National 
City police officer shot and killed a fleeing Puerto R,can 
teenager who was suspected of committing a petty theft. 
When the police department claimed the youth was a known 
troublemaker and the officer was cleared, Baca and his 
Committee for Chicano Rights began a bitter attempt 
against city officials who refused to circumvent the usual 
internal investigation procedures and fire the officer or the 
police chief. The recall attempt failed, but Baca was 
recognized as a spokesman for the more activist side of the 
Chicano community, especially on immigration. Editor: coverage is bad enough. From AliIOll Hall's article However, nobody is supposed 

on UCSD'.abortioncoverage to .:.Ji.ke the abnormal 
(Oct. 3) it seem. that .our termination of pregnancy by 
registration fees are not only abortion. Why has the 'reg fee 
being used to pay directly for committee failed to provide for 
abortion" but to'l ericaurage ." the ·, freedom ·to choose the 
them. What other inference na tu ra I altern a rl\o'e " of 
can ~ drawn from the fac~ ch~dbi~?", Do , they believe 

''that ~'''pve'ltnanl:y~l\tilitl'. I ~, .iuOenll lI:lu.t not have 
limited to $100 :- ~ffi?ent,to II cMdrer. Io~,use .it wO';l1d 
payoff an abortionist, b\J1'6hly ' interfere Wltll their selfish 
a fraction ·'Of. lIM! bb.t, of 'II,·ll pUrsuit of the "quality life"? Or 

I have they simply accepted 
".. Pe"¥ g.,",'. Muir Provost John Stewart's 

sexi.t argument that 
"pregnant women cannot 
f.uoction as students"? (Opinionl ) 

Or is the reason less 
rational? Perhaps those on the 
reg fee committee who are 
acquainted with abortions 
have guilt feeling~ they want 
us to share. Perhaps they are 
driven, Nazi.like, to make sure 
that all of the rest of us 

normal birth ($500-$1000)? 
The £act IhIIt the large 

oomber of "unplaMed"preg· 
naaciea among UCSD women 
led the registration fee 
. committee to include abortion 

Term Pa~r Ads Offensive 
Editor: 

The Daily GuirJian is to be commended for its apologies with 
regard to the Dos [quia advertisement. It was, a. stated ,clearly 
.exist and offensive. Moreover, it is comforting to know that "No 
ad or insert will appear in the paper without being reviewed by a 
member of the staff." 

I should like, however, to call your attention to another species 
01 advertisement which is run regularly, and which likewise is 
oHen.ive to a IUbstantial portion of the univer.ity community. I 
am referring to those ubiquitous notices for "Research Service." 

We are all aware what kind of "research" such services 
provide. In this case, therefore, there can be no appeal to 
porance. If to print advertisements such as the one for ~s 
tAlui. i, to condone sexism, then to run ads of the latter sort IS to 
condone cheating. We all agree, I trust, that neither has any 
place on a university campus. 

HENRY E. ALLISON 
Chairman, Philosophy ~epartment 

The Daily Guardian 
r.Ic Jore 

~ 
...... -~~ -~ w.,...,.. 
~~fAiIon 

...... 1OocIa 
c.,,~ 

..... H.T ... 
...... ~ 
_GNIa 

5,00tafM-

t:... ... r.:! 
_GWI 
_LIoar 
T ...... 
_LIoar 

MotoyT .... 
Go..oI~ 

~4~"" 

The Daily Guardian is 
publi$hed Monday through 
Friday during the regular 
school year by students at the 
University of California, San 
Diego. Offices are located on 
the first floor of the student 
center. Mailing address: 
Student Center (B026), 
UCSD La Jolla, CA., 92093. 
The Daily Guardian 
subscribes to the Aasociated 
Press, the Los Angeles Time. 
Syndicate and Pacific News 
Service. 

For new" call 452-3466. 

participate, through our fees, 
in the killing of over 100 fellow 
human beings each year. Why 
else make us pay for abortions 
when everything else covered 
by MediCal is specifically 
excluded from reg fee 
benefits? 

Why else set up a policy 
which .encourages abortion 
and that is on its face 
discriminato~nd;n violation 
of Title IX? The language of 
both HEW regulations and 
university po6cies regarding 
TItle IX stress that when 
pregnancy is covered by 
medical policies, it must be 
treated in the same way as a 
"temporary disability" is 
treated. However, no other 
temporary di.ability medical 
care paid for by registration 
fees has a $100 maximum. 
The reimbursement is 
presumably proportional to 
the standard rates established 
for the treatment received. 
Why should pregnancy be 
different? 

At the root of the problem is 
the "social planner" mentality 
which dominated the reg fee 
committee. The committee is 
not representative of students: 
in fact, one less than half of the 
members are drawn from the 
faculty or administration. The 
student "representatives" on 
the committee are appointed 
by secondary groups (the 
Graduate Student Council, 
ASUCSD, and college 
councils), and then charged 
with serving the campus "com· 
munity" rather than their 
constituents. The chair of the 
c~mittee is carefully inbred, 
being .elected by the 
committee from previous 
student members. Student. 
have no direct vote on the 
committee's funding prioritie •. 

How can this illegitimate 
group even pretend to ' 
demand, as part of the 
mandatory fee. we pay in 
order to obtain a University of 
California education, that we 
pay for killing and 
encouraging the killing of 
other human beings? The 
registration fee c;ommittee hal 
abused ill power and acted to 
suppreu freedom of 
conscience by this policy of 
using student fund. to promote 
a species of ma.s murder. It's 
time that those who .pend 
student monies were held 
accountable for their actions. 

DON STREBEL 

The US· Mexico border is a rough place. The canyons and 
hills are dark and uninhabited, and bandits from both sides of 
the border wait there lo attack the Mexicans who are trying to 
cross. Border Patrol and INS agents nab hundreds of 
thousands of aliens a year, and complain that they could 
catch ,even more if they only had more agents and larger 
budgets. 

The Border Patrol and Immigratio'n and Naturalization 
agents, working in a no·man's land where due process 
becomes a hopeless abstraction, sometimes are a law unto 
themselves. I know of a deaf woman who was stopped at the 
border because her handicap made her voice sound 
unfamiliar to xenophobic INS ears; though she had 
documents that clearly indicated she was deaf, she was 
subjected to a humiliating skin search. Another couple, both 
Americans, were caught riding a motorcycle across the 
border at Imperial Beach. The man became angry at the 
prospect of having his bike confiscated, and the INS agents 
egged him on, hoping he would attack them so they could 
retaliate. 

Every reporter who works in the South Bay hears st~ries 
like that. Many are . worse: there ar~ tales of beab.ngs, 
intimidation, insults. They are hard to pm down. Somebmes 
the stories surface officially, such as the recent report of an 
ailing Mexican baby who was not allowed ~cross th~ border 
when her parents tried to take her to a San Diego hospital. She 
died later. In 1978 an agent was arrested for taking money to 
let illegal aliens across the border. ~ently, fo,!r age.nts were 
indicted - a rare occurrence - In connectJon With three . 
separate beating incidents. Most cases of alleged Border 
Patrol abuses come down to the word of the agent against the 
alien, and the agents have that contest wired. 

But the final irony, and the reason Baca's comments about 
the mission of the Border Patrol ring true, is that hardly 
anyone wants the Border Patrol to catch all the aliens. They 
are important to the California economy, because employers 
are generally free to hire them and hire them cheap. A tomato 
'ranch near Del Mar run by the Ukegawa Brothers was in the 
news over..the IUmmer when preas reports revealed that there 
were squalid communities on the ranch occupied by' Me.xican 
national. who had nowhere else to go after working In the 
fields. The owners acknowledged they hired the people, but 
claimed they didn't provide minimally liveable quarter. for 
fear of breaking the law. U.S. Atty. Michael Wal.h 
responded that no law exi.ted to punish the Uk~waga 
Brothers for giving workers a place to bye; he said ~e 
company's lawyers were just making excuses. Meanwhile, 
the dwellings were bulldozed and by September others had 
taken their place. 

• Baca's po.ition makes sense when you con.ider the role of 
the Border Patrol and INS in view of these economic realities. 
Attempts to enact laws requiring puni.hment for people who 
hire illegal aens usualy faik most sensible people oppose a 
return to the bracero programs under which Mex~8n 
nationals could be imported to work at .ub·minimum wages. 
The situation has reached a political equilibrium in which 

~legal aliens serve as a scapegoat for the nation', economic ' 
woes but actually help keep part of the economy healthy . 
The Border Patrol exi.ts for no other reason than to show 

. Americans, by keeping count of the aliens it boots back over 
the border, that sornethin@ is being done about a problem the 

an>~_nm@nt really doe.n t want to solve. 

Write a letter to the 
editor or oPinion column for 
The Doily Guardian. We've 
1J0t 'room on the opinion page 
for whatever you want to say. 

leite,. can be two pages 

tters 
triple spaced (use a 72-.pace 
line); opinion columns can be 
three to four pagesiont. Bring 
your stuff by our .tudent 
center offices, or send them to 
Editor, Ihe Doilll Guordlan, 
UCSD (B·016), La Jolla. 

The Daily Guardian 3 

ASSOCIATED PRESS NEWS BRIEFS 
I INTERNATIONAL I I NATIONAL II STATE 

Baez Investigates 'None' Will Appeal 
HONG KONG - American folk singer Joan 

Baez embarked yesterday on a tour through Indo· 
chinese refugee camps to study firsthand what she 
called the "massive form of holocaust going on" in 
Southeast Asia. She said she doesn't care what 
actress Jane Fonda thinks about her. 

"At home in the United States, people don't really 
want to pay ~uch attention" to the refugee situation, 
Ms. Baez saJd at a news conference after arriving 
here from San Francisco. 

"I think we have to really call on the wealthy 
nations to shell out. It's a huge disaster and people 
don't want to face up to it and think about it." The 

p~ght of the refugees, she added, was "a massive 
form of holocaust" on par with the Nazi 
extermination of Jews. 

Ms. Baez said she expected to talk to Vietnamese 
refugees and ask them why, "after living through 
Japanese invasions and famine and w~ ... They are 
leaving now." 

Peace Plan Deadline 

NEW ORLEANS - A candidate for governor 
who changed his name:to "None Of The Above" 
cannot get his new name on the ballot, says the 
Louisiana Supreme Court. But Above presses on. 

"We plan to carry this to the US Supreme Court," 
said Above, the former Luther Devine Knox, 
yesterday. 

One of Above's major campaign planks is a 
promise to make the state give voters the chance of 
rejecting all candidates. If a majority voted for "None 
of the Above," it would force a new race with new 
faces. 

The 1st Circuit Court of Appeal ruled last week 
that, since Above qualified for the race as L.D. 
Knox, that was how he had to appear on the ballot. 

Knox went to court after the state attorney general 
ruled that his new name was deceptive, and therefore 
had to stay 01£ the ballot. 

Rain Delays Series 
BAL TlMORE - The opening game of the 

1979 World Series between Baltimore Orioles and 
LONDON - Britain gave the guerillas at the Pittsburgh Pirates was postponed by a torrential rain 

Zimbabwe Rhodesia peace talks yesterday 48 hours storm last night. 
to change their minds and accept a compromise It was the first time the opening game of the se~e~.' 
constitution for independence. game Series was called off because of rain. 

The future of the five·week·old conference hung in Baseball Commissioner Bowie Kuhn called the ' 
the balance as the Patriotic Front guerilla alliance game at 5:33 pm PDT and it was rescheduled for ' ~ 
responded that the British demand was "absurd," tonight. Game Two of the Series will be played 
reiterated its objections to key areas of the tomorrow night, and the Series then shifts to 
constitution and said it could give no final verdict until Pittsburgh Friday night, as previously scheduled. 
all sides agreed on who will control the govemment 
and the guns during a transition to British-granted The travel day originally set for tomorrow was 
independence. eliminated. 

The demand was made yesterday morning as the The condition of the field already had been a 
Patriotic Front and the opposing delegation led by concern because of the National Football League 
Zimbabwe Rhodesia Prime Minister Abel Muzorewa 4'game between the Baltimore Colts and New York 
faced each other Jets, played Sunday. 

CIA,FBI,and LAPD 
LOS ANGELES - In a videotaped pep talk 

recorded before the recent renewal of the Eula Love 
police shooting controversy, Police Chief Daryl 
Gates said the LAPD was threatened by a 
"conspiracy" that "practically destroyed" the FBI 
and the CIA. accordin" to a newspaper report. 

In a story in yesterday's edition, the Los Al1felea 
Herald Examiner said Gates' 45·minute morale 
mes~e also denounced the news media for what he 
called 'distortions" in reporting on pooce affair •. 

Gates was not available for comment on the story. 
The message was reportedly taped the week of 

Sept. 26 and sent to all police divisions Oct. 4 with 
orders that it be played before all officer •. 

Although the Board of Police Commisaioner', 
report on the Eula Love shooting was not released 
until Oct. 3, Gates said in the tapes he expected to 
dillagree sharply with its conclusion. 

Dylan to Go on Tour 
SAN FRANCISCO - Bob Dylan, hitting the 

road following release of hi. Chri.tian-influenced 
album, Slow Train Coming, will .begin a new 
national tour with a week·long aerie. of ~oncerts IM:re 
lor rock promoter Bill Graham. . 

Graham said yesterday that Dylan will be ,backed 
by I)Il ' I 1 :eiec~ band durillg hiS concerts at the 
Warfield 'Iheater in downtown San Francisco, 
scheduled \y:~.~n "!~~ .. 1. :.. , . 

The shows at the WilJrfield, a '2,~Uprmer 
vaudeville theater buiIt1rt ~ wilt ~ . y 
such a big-name star in the city's downtown in alle .. t 
two decade •. 

"We lucked out, Graham said. "Just a. we were 
made aware of the availability of the facility, w~ knew 
Dylan was in rehearsals. We made a 
suggestion ... and he accepted." 

~~.~~ 
STEAKS~!::'~~ ~ ~!~ ~ 

SANDW,ICH.ES,:: .... ~ .. 
: " H 

• _ ...... ,} - • ... .''' .. "::' _ '.'! ·r:":~,... :.:; ..... ! u .. PIZZ' A:~ ":". ':':":. ~::.;' -:." o I" ~ .. ..... , .. ' 
Casually . 
SophistiCated 

. If, 

: 

OPEN 
IATE ~ 

"World's Most Unique Pizza" 
Lunch - Dinner 

Tak~out, too! 

Direct ions 1·5 Or Coast Highway to Ca rmel 
Valley Road the n west liz mile . 

- Steaks 
- Spaghetti 
- Pizza 
- Bountiful -

Sandwiches 
- Beer . 

" -Wine 

~::"\ \\c,,('lee.e ~ ,_ ~M» / ~ cl'cPiUG 
'liaR .: 

2212 Carmel Valley Road-Del Mar - 755-6778 



Tbe Daily Guardian 

Hearings Will Ask What Use For Stables 
S, John HondrOi 

A""';'te News Editor 
The fate of the university-

owned IIabIes property w~1 be 
cilCllued in a Ieries of open 
foruma planned by campus 
planner. for this ~arter_ 

The Campu •• Community 
PIannint Committee decided 
yesta'day that the forum. will 

. be the beat way to meet 
Chancellor McElroy'. request 
that the iuue be diacuued by 
.... member. 01 the campu •. " 

While dates for the forums 
have not yet been announced, 
the committee i. being preued 
to hold ill di.cussions 
"sometime lOOn" because it 
mull .ubmit its final 

recommendation regarding 
development of the stables 
property by Dec. 1. 

In order 10 cover different 
constituencies of UCSD, the 
forums are acheduled to be 
held at Sumner Auditorium 
(Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography), the Student 
Center, the Academic Senate 
Conference Room and Garren 
Auditorium (School of 
Medicine). 

Following the meetings, at 
which campus planners will 
discuu the issues surrounding 
the fate of the property, the 
audience will be asked to 
complete a questionnaire. 

In this questionnaire, the 

McElroy Given Break 
Continued from fHJIle 1 
paying any possessory taxes is due to the fact that prior to tht.> 
1978 ruling, the University of California was not considered a 
"public school." Instead the county views it as belonging to 
the Regents. 

"Because of that," explained Ralph King, spokesman for 
the County Accessor's Office, "we had to wait for a decision 
from the County Council to see if the ruling would be 
retroactive." -Cindy Beveridge 

Representatives !rom General Dynamics 
EIectrOIIics DIvIsion wi. be visiting your 
campus this fal to talk to you about 
high-technology electronics opponunities 
within our growing company. Our San DIego 
1ocaIIon, smakompany atmosphere and big 
company benefits can provide rewsrdlng 
career development, professional growth and 
pet'8OIlal satisfaction . • 

Some 01 our current high·technology 
projects include: Satelte-based, world-wide 

student, faculty O{ staff 
member will be asked to 
indicate his lOP three priorities 
for development of the stables. 
Choices will include either 
selling the land or leasing it for 
a 50-year period, for 
development as housing, a 
small shopping-restauranl 
area, research facilities or a 
commercial recreation center. 

The university -owned 
property, located across 
Torrey Pines Road from Muir 
College, is currently being 
leased for use as a stable at 
"far less than market value," 
according to Campus Planner 
Pat Collum. She claims the 
university is now under 
pressure from the state 
Legislature to make use of this 

property in a way to generate 
more financial return. 

While the Chancellor 
wishes to ' avoid "annoying 
nearby residents ," Vice · 
chancellor of Student Affairs 
Richard Armitage argued 
yesterday that most students 
with whom he discussed the 
issue "don't care what the 
neighbors want." 

Reg Fee Near Decision on EOP 
Conlinued from page I 

Tom Hull, a member of the committee, said 
coordinating efforts between EOP and ORS 
could probably be improved without a change 
in jurisdiction. 

Academic Affairs jurisdiction is also being 
considered for OASIS and student financial 
aid. While neither were discussed at the 
meeting, Reilly said afterwards that they would 
not be switched unles EOP, the "critical" issue, 
is moved. 

Armitage and Vice Chancellor of Academic 
Affairs Paul Saltman will make a final decision 
on the department change this quarter. 
Armitage's decision, expected Oct. 20, will 
probably be the "final say" on the issue, Hull 
said. 

Saltman "has no intention of pushing this 

navigational aids, such as NAVSTAR GPS, 
automatic test equipment for !he F·16 and 
range measurement sysIems for uae by .. 
branches of the armed forces. 

To learn more about the EIactJOIIics DIvIsioIi 
and San Diego, contact your Placement 0fIIce. 
Or, send your resume 10: CoIege~ 
Coorcfnator, General ~ Electronic. 
DivIsion, DrawerUs, MIIIIZDne 7-32, P.O. Box 
81127, San DIego, CA 112138. 
An Equal Opportunity Employer WF/H 

oeiOBEH. 
Electronics Division 

thing," Hull explained, adding that "no 
territorial conflict" is involved with academic 
and student affairs. 

Rights Codified 
CDntinued {rom page 1 
Richard Armitage says Aguilar will fill this 
post, Aguilar says this is still not definite 
because 01 a potential conflict of interest. As 
coordinator, Aguilar's primary responsibili~ is 
to the administration but, as Legal Services 
director, his first responsibility is to advise 
students, he says. 

The code will be published by the Student 
Affairs Office pending procedural amendments 
offered by the AS, the Graduate Student 
Council, the college deans, or any student 
organization, Armitage said . 

EMatI ... c ... 
CIIII .... IYaIIIp ........ . 

2180Ganet 
PocIfIc Beach 

2706810 
ClASSES 

ON 
CAMPUS 

WedDeeday, Oct. 10,1979 The Daily Guardian 5 

Commercial Research Papers Used Here 
By Meg Honda 

Working under names such as "Academic 
Rese.arc~,", "Collegiate Research", and " Essay 
ServIces, college research paper companies -
companies that sell pre.written research papers to 
students - are a big business . Just exactly how big 
they are at UCSD, however, is anyone's guess. 

No one really knows to what extent such papers 
are being used at UCSD, but administrators and 
faculty agree they are "in us~." Proving that a paper 
was purchased, not researched, can be difficult, they 
say. 

Dr. James Lyon, a professor of literature, has had 
"one or two cases that I strongly suspected of being 
these research papers" because the quality of writing 
was "drastically superior" to anything the student 
had previously done. "To this point we've done 
nothing because we can' t prove anything." 

But Muir Provost John Stewart says the problem 
of invalid research papers has never come to his 
attention, and he believes "they are in very little use." 

According to Stewart, students "can get away with 
almost anything in a class with only one paper." In a 
class with many papers, plagiarism should be much 
easier to detect because the instructor can compare 
the quality of students' work, he says. 

~ut Dr. Tom Bond, ,Professor of chemistry and 
chaIrman of the Committee on Educational Policy 
and Courses, believes ,sec tion sizes and "limited T A 
resources make careful evaluation of papers very 
difficult." 

Lyon says the quality of purchased research 
papers is "fairly good." "I knew graduate students at 
Harvard who wrote these papers to earn money" he 
explains. "Any student who bought a paper' was 
guaranteed a grade 01 A," 

Lyon calls the papers "the lowest form of 
academic cheating" because they are written by 
people who are more experienced than 
undergraduates . 

These papers are probably in greatest use in the 
humanities and social sciences areas which tr~ditionally require more paper~ than natural 
soences. 

~hil Weinstein, owner of Essay Services, says the 
subjects most on demand are English literature 
history, political science, and sociology. ' 

Weinste in says his company's catalog lists 65,000 
term papers . Asked how he got started in the 
business, Weinstein says he "wanted to see if there 
would be a demand for the papers ." 

That was seven years ago. Today, he advertises 

Saturday. October 13 __________ --.J 
700& 9:00 pm 
Admission $1.50 

Mandeville Center Auditorium 
Tickets available at the UCSD Box Office 

A'I'rENTIONll 
There II !!!! automatic Inlurance coverage. 

"Cover 
Your 
Bod" 

Enroll now 
for 

health ihsurance. 

as "Canada's largest service" to about 150 US and 
Canadian universities: His papers come from ex-
uni~ersity students ~ho receive 50 cents per page for 
theIr reports . Ex-uruverslty students are also hired at 
$3 an hour to write original papers, he says. 

Weinstein estimates that yearly requests for 
research papers number "around 23,000." Standard 
reports cost $5 per page while original texts go for 
$10 per page, he says. Most papers are 10 to 12 
pages in length. 

~unning these companies involves problema 
typl~al of small b~sineslles and mail order operation. 
Unlike the established Essay Services, Academic 
Research provides only a post oUice box number in 
their ads, and operates out of an apartment adjacent 
to UCLA. In 1978, this same company advertised 
under the name of Collegiate Research with a 
different box number. ' 
. If a student i~ ca~ght using a plagiarized paper, 

diSCIplinary action IS at the discretion of each 
professor, according to Raymond Dye, Assistant 
Vice·Chancelior for Student Affairs. 

Disciplinary action for such "non-academic 
behavior" includes warning, censure, lou of 
privileges and exclusion from activities, academic 
probation. suspension and dismissal. 

,,_--';_PlCTIRS _ 
__ ..... _c "-

..,.,..........,,~UD.M&.~---. I __ AMAIUOII_~II[~IMS I 
_1lIE __ fREI)'-~IDUOL.Y 

AvaHabie from Insurance representative 
at Student Health ServIces 

Tuesday thru Thuraday. 9 am to 2 pm 

~ registered students and poet docs are eligible. 

Evenings: 
5:15, 7:15 and 9:20 

FLOWER 
also Frt & Sat 8YeIlings at 11 :20 

Sat & Sun matlflees 
1:05 and 3:10 

CINEMA 3 
1·5 at Via de la Valle 755·0011 



8 The Daily Guardian 

Classifieds 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Get ready for the Ron Thompson Trio 
at Walk's Place, Saturday nighl, 8 and 
to:3O pm. (10/t 2) 
Don'l miss THE ONL YONES at Walk's 
"-Thursday nile, 8 pm. New newW8\18 
Irom Epic Records. (1011 II 
Do you binge and then 1881 or purge 
yourself 01 Ihe lood? Do you 
aomelimes stop ealing or reduce your' 
lood Intake to the point iIItIere e~her 
you or others leel this endangers your 
heallh? " so, call Miriam Levens al 
113755 lor details 01 The Ealing 
Problems Group, (10112) 
Attention all Third College Studenlsl 
Apply now lor the Sludent CouncW 
alternale or Reg Fee alternale. 
Contact the Dean'. olllee. 452-4390. 
(10/11) 
There witt be an URSSO meeling WfIC 
Oct 10, al 4 pm In the URS DepI 
Conference room on Me. There wi" be 
nomlnalions of Clfficers and activity 

, planning. Anyone inlerested i. invited 
to attend, (10/10) 
Is lal a feminist Issue lor you? Sell-
help group fonning. Gall Phyllis 
Toback 453-6084. (10/10,12,15) 
Women', Inlercolleglate H20 polO 
meeting Toors, Oct 1 t at 5:30 pm, 
Meet at pool tlleachefs. (10110) 
The Iheriff it neart BIazzIng Saddles 
TIIurs Od 11, 8 & 10, MCA, Tickets" 
UEO box, (10/11) 

Why Not Here? Presenls 1 sl Annual 
Audi1 ion N ight Wed Oct to . 
PerspecIWe talent Sign up al WHN? 

,( 10/ 10) 
Sorcerers, magicians, masters 01 
reality, Oktober Fungus Fest meeling, 
Wed., Ocl 10, 5 pm, at the Aump 
( 10/ 10) 
D.A.R.K. S. TAR. presents DARK 
STAR, this Saturday 7&9 pm. Only 
$1 .50 al Ihe bo~ office. BE THEREI 
(10112) 

WANTEd 
Wanled: Your presence 10 e~perience 
Ihe hoi music of THE ONLY ONES! 
Thursday, 8 pm at Walk's Place. 
(10111) 
Wanted - Air raid Siren. Must be In 
working conditin. Call 453-9446. Must 
have belore Nov 11 . (10122) 
Wanled 5 gallons 01 baked beans. one 
large spoon, plenty 01 breathing room. 
Caff .452-762? ask for Mongn. (10/ 12) 

PERSONAls 
Miss Lohmuller: You r good looks 
drive me crazy. When can we mIHIl? 
JB (10/10) 
Juice; Bonne chance sur ton examen! 
II laut que tu sols confiante - II sera 
laciletTes amies a 2305. (10/10) 
Sex! VIOlence' Naked Women! Now 
thaI we have your anenlion, SEE 
DARK STAR this Salurda¥-OnIy 

1.50. 10 10) 

1IAft ..... 
U ....... 8 

.eclffO xoB eht la 05 1$ ylno era 
slekCl1 mp 9&7 ta yadrutaS, RATS 
KRAD slneserp .R.A T.S. .K.R.A.D 
(10/ 10) 
Spend a quiet and productive evening 
at home with the one you lust. Send 
your roommate to Blazzing Saddles. At 
a $1.50 / ti cket it could be the best ' 
investment you've made. Another 
SOAP alternative. (10/ 11) 

,Seniors' We need your help in pulling 
logelher Ihe 1980 Senior Record (AKA 
yearbook). Come to our meeting on 
Thurs, Oct 11 , at 9 am in the Revelle 
Provosls office. ( 10 / 1 0) 
MoA'SoH was 16 hrs. in O.A. 
SoMoAoSoH is R&R in Tokyo. MoAoS'H 
was big stichas vs linle Sliches. 
S'MoAoSoH is ethanol martinis served 
out 01 enema bags. MOAoSoH was the 
earty morning sounds of 16 mm 
rockets. SoMoA °SoH is the late night 
serenafes of the Big Bands. MoA'SoH 
was the cold of zero degree winters. 
S'MoAoS'H is the warmth of the 
nurses quarters, MoA °S'H was Korea 
1952, S'M'A'S'H is UCSO 1979! 
(10/ 10,12,15,17,19,22) 
TO : REVELLE GRADUATING 
SENIORS: A list 01 Fall 1979 Revelle 
graduates Is posled on the boa rd 
outside the Revelle Provost's Office. 
Please check to make sure your name 
is on it. If you have any questions, 
please see Liz Myers. (10/ tO,12,15) 
Who are THE ONLY ONes? Find oul 
at Walk's Place at the Pub, Thursday 
nile al8 pm. (10/11) 

~M~_ 
A comedy fIom UrMnoI PIcIuIw 

__ THE f'NIJTY SlMYQN5 - IVAN REITMAN PROOUCT1ON 
"NAllONAllAYKlON,,-ANiM'I. HOUSE" ~JOHN oaU5HI '~MAJHE5ON 'JOHNVE~ 'VEJ\NA 1ll00M 

THOM.A.'i HU.a and (X)foMLO 5UrHEAlMD co ,,_ • PIoduced bv MJi1TY SWMON5 and IVAN REITMAN 
t.Uk: bv EIMER OEI\NST£lN . Wnrlen by HAAOlO 1Ww\I5, DOUGlAS KENNEY Ct OiPJS MUEP. . ~ bv JOHN lANOO 

long ANIMAl HO\U COfTllOWd ond _ by 5TIPH£N IlIlHOP IR IIEImCTDeI 
AUNI\Il~PI(T\I¥ I'(r ....... '.I'J··l· ... ·.,,jy .. .,;j~"'on MC.k"-'<c:IfG(, ~11 NcJr,or'IQIl~,Arwr1uI~ I ~,;: ............ ... 

_ ~Qoo. GI ~ Qr\d~ ...... """' ..... CI1"t ''\I00I IiIC 
Ah iIIIOMU .... IWIO 

Showtimes: CINEMA 3 
Evenings 5:50 and 8:05 75b-UU11 1-5 at Via de la Valle 

~ -.. ~ .......... - .~ .. . 

• SERVICES 
TYP ing: University C,ly. IBM setectnc. 
Fast reliable. Days 452 ·4244 , ask fOI 
Jane, eves 453-4966. ( 11/30) 
JENNY'S HOME TYPING 
Term papers, Ihesis, dISS. Days and 
eves 225- t 449. ( 11 /30) 
Professional Iyp ing , manusc ripts, 
bllefs, term papers. Fast ac curate 
service 223-1450 or 566-7300~37 
(10112) 

ItOUSiNG 
Single room available for use in Del 
Mar I block from beach. $t 55/ mo. 
Call ChUck at 755-4648. (10/ 10) 
Roommate wa nled Non-smoker, 
clean. $ 147.50 mo plus y. utilities. Jon 
453-2809. ( 10/12) 
F26 seeks 2 clean quiet older F to 
share 4 bdrm Enc. house $225. Nov 1. 
No smokers or pets. Rhoda, x3755 
day, 962- t 603 eve. (10/ 15) 
Roommate wanted. Non-smoker, 
clean. $147.50 / mo plus 'h utililes. Jon 
453-2809. Leave message II not there. 
(10/ 12) 
Female 10 share 4 bdrm 2 blh with 3 
oIhers. $116/ mo plus 'h utitties. Own 
room available alter Nov 1. Cardiff. 
436-3662. (10 / 15) 
Double rm in Del Mar. One block from 
beach. Huge bac kyard. Call Mike or 
Maury at 755-3660. Keep Irying., 
(10/ 12) 

WedDMCIa)" Octo 10, lt78 

fOR SALE 
Double Bed - new bedroom set, 
kitchen lable & four chairs I phOne 
481 -6667. Also corner couch group 
( 10/ 10) 
69 BUick Gran SpOri 350 4BBL, New 
paint. fresh trans reseal. AM -FM 
casselle w / 6 x9Jensen 1511lpg $950. 
287-0873. ( IO/ tO) 
Waterbed. ki ng size w / a irframe, 
pedesta l. heater, elc . Complete 
e~celle nt copdition. 274-4386 after 4 
pm. 
Turntables: Marantz 611 0 Bett dr. only 
3 mo old! Garrard SL65B direct dr. c art 
Inc. Call 481 -1065, (10/ 12) 
Older Vox Cambridge Amp rated at 45 
rms watts. Loud and nasty. Call 488-
3941 after to pm. Ask for Brad. 
(10 / 17) 
For sale: Skin diving gear. Best o"er. 
Call Mark, eves 452-8363. (10/12) 
Tennis rackets ; Snauwaert Graphite 
Composite $90 (reg. $120) and 
Boronite "2" $65 (reg, $100 new) 
Steve 456-0788. (10112) 

TRAVEl 
Interested in traveling overseas to 
Europe, South America, or the Middle 
Easl? Contact The Travel Guild lor 
travel represental ive and chaperone 
pOSitions. Phone 7141 540 -9477 after 
3:30 pm. ( 10/ 12) 
CIEE studenllravel cenler located on 
the 2rd floor of Ihe sludenl cenler 
o nMWF8- t 2. Tu-Th 12·4. (11 / 30) 

VOildated pooklr-o 
Ir, the La Jolla 

Financial Building 

.. -----STUDENT SPECIAlS ----- .. 
• • : $5 off onhallCutl ( NQ S15-1e) $7.50 off on_oare : 
• I • Special $35 perm (NQlSl) wllhcu1 I 
, I 
• ________ otr.._15~, 1979. _______ .Jj 

good rrlf wIIh 1hIo coupon 

open 7 dayS by QPPO<n''''''''' onlV 1------1-1 1250 Ptosoec', La Jolla (In McKello< Plaza) 

seeks to employ 
qualified UCSD 

students 
start $302S/hro 

apply in persono 
2206 Carmel Valley Road 

Del Mar 
an equal opportunity employer 

The Daily Gual'dian 

WE DELIVER! 

Emmy Award-winning (MY WORLD .. ,AND WELCOME TO IT) 
WILLIAM WINDOM In ---------

"THURBER" 
DESSE 
~'Sll "A brilliant one-man show".Strange, subtle, wondrous," ------------_~- Los Angeles Herald Examiner 

October 19, friday, 8:00 pm 
Mandeville AudHorlum UCSD Box omc:e 

452-4559 

I Steozello's - 2.206 Carmet Volley Rood ' Del Mar I 
General Admlilion 

-~------ -- - ~----- =---~ - - - --- - -- - - -

Associated Students 
University of California, San Diego 
Student Center, 8-023 
La Jolla, California 92093 

ASUCSD 
There will be an ACUCSD Council 
meeting tonight at 6:30 pm in the 
North Conference Room of the 
Student Center, All interested 
students are invited to attend-
come and watch your govem-
ment in action! 

THE SERIES 
Come see the third game of the 
World Series at the Pub this Friday 
night. Walk's Place welcomes 
you! 

MONGO! 
This Thursday, October 11 , 1979, 
S,OAP, presents Blazing Saddles, 
Shows are at 8 & 10 pm in 
Mandeville Center Auditorium, 
as Mongo returns to UCSD! 

CHESS CWB 
The Chess Club will meet 
Thursday, October 4, at 5 pm in 
the Student Center Game Room, 
Conference Room, Students, 
faculty, and staff are welcome-
just play chess for fun! 

I 

STUDENT CENTER BOARD 
There will be a Student Center 
Board meeting this Friday, 
October 12, at 10 am in the 
Gameroom Conference Room of 
the Student Center. All Interested 
students ore Invited to attend, 

BUWTIN 
BOARD 

7 



8 The Daily Guardian 

I interviews 
for software profession~ls 
The pui-pose of eve,y Wang product is the saine:' 
to enhance p,oducti"ity 

At Wang Laboratories, we make computer and word processing systems. 
But we're really not in the computer or word processing business. 

Our business is productivity. And that's a people business. 

Because it's people who produce. Machines just make it easier. 
Maybe all this sounds obvious. But you'd be su(prised how many com-
puter and word processing manufacturers forget that the end users of 
their products are people'. 

At Wang, we never forget. 

That's why our products are simpler to use than theirs. And more 
efficient. ' 

And that's why we're growing faster than anybody else in the business. 

And that's why we're interested in Bachelor's, Master's or PhD 
candidates. 

2 II C I 
II 

I 
Located in Lowell, Massachusetts, we offer excellent salaries and 
benefits including full relocation, profit sharing, stock purchase plan, 
medical and dental insurance, and full tuition reimbursement. 

In addition, we offer all the assets of New England - beautiful beaches, 
mountains, and forests; the historic., cultural, and educational ricbness 
of the Greater Boston area; and perhaps most important, an enviable 
standard of living within the reach of the software professional. 

Wang's representatives will be interviewing in the San Diego area on 
Oct. 18. To arrange an interview, call Elaine Rosenberg, Professional 
Recruiter, collect at 1-(617)-459-3786. Or send her your resume as soon as 
possi ble at: 

Wang Laboratories, Inc., 
One Industrial Avenue 
'lowell, MA 01851 

We are an affirmative action employer 

WANG 
..... til •• or .... r. ,rodacllft. 


