
The" "Dailx Guardian 
Volume 38, Number 3 Univenity of California, San Die~o Tuesday, September 25, 1979 

Odd-Even Plan Dead • In 

Odd.Even rationing, ignored by most (the gas guzzler above was filled up yesterday, the 
24th), could end in the county within three weeks. 

Proposition 13 Cuts Doing 
'Minor' DaDlage to University. 

But Steady. Erosion of Funding Base is a Problem 
Despite UCSD's $700,000 budget cut this 

year, the quality of education ' here is not 
expected to suffer immediately. But the campus 
is showing the strain and in some areas might 
become ' a "little ragged around the edges," 
UCSD officials say. 

Most cutbacks will be felt in small ways like 
reduction of clerical help, reduced efficiency in 
certain university offices and reductions in 
building maintenance, admini~trators say. 

"It might take a couple of more days to get a 
transcript, some payroll checks might get lost 
and buildings may not get" new paint as often as 
they might need," be<;ause of the cutbacks, 
according to Bernard Sisco, vice chancellor for 
Admininistration. 

The faculty and teachill${ staff budget will take 
a cut 01 five FTE's ("full·time equivalent" 
positions) but no professors will lose their jobs, 
according to Paul Saltman, vice chancellor of 
academic affairs. 

Sallman says he will find the FTE money 
elsewhere in hi. budget. 

UCSD w~ originally scheduled to absorb a 
$1.3 million cut this year, but that figure was 
reduced by $300,000 UCSO diverted from 
surplus in the employee benefits fund and 
another $300,000 in "one time" relief from the 
UC systemwide administration. 

The higher cut would have resulted in reduced 
library hours, as wen as severe cutbacks in 
building maintenance and other support services 
according to campus planners. 

As a result of this year's budget cut, 17 FTE's 
will be cut from the support service staff , 
according to Sisco. The reductions will come 
through attrition rather than layoff., Sisco, says. 

The $1.3 million figure is a permanent cut in 
UCSO'. "base budget," meaning it wiU also 
apply to future year. unIe •• the state legislature 

TODA Y'S WEA lHER 
Night and morning doucines. with hazy 
sunshine in the afternoon and temperatures in the 
mid. 70's. Uaht winds 10·15 mph. 

The surf w1IJ be 3.5 feet at 12 second intervals. 
The water temperature i.67 degrees. 

agrees to raise the UC budget. The relief funds 
cannot be counted on next year, according to 
planners. 

UCSD received an increase this year in total 
dollars because ot adjustments tor intlatlon and 
pay raises, according to Sisco. The base budget, 
which took the cut, cO\.lnts only the amount 
received after : adjustment for inflation. 

No one knows just how long the university can 
continue to take these small cuts year after year 
before there is a decline in UC's quality, Saltman 
says. 

He called the budget cuts to date "irritating," 
but not of the "devastating," dimensions which 
had been expected after the passage of 
Proposition 13. 

Sallman said it will not be much longer before 
the typ of education offered at UC deteriorates, if 
budget cuts continue. 

Nevertheless, "I think things will get better," 
Saltman says. "I'm an optimist." 

"The day of punishing the university for 
society's ills have ceased," according to 
Saltman. 

The state legislature's attitude will 'Soon begin 
to reflect a favorable shift in the popular opinion 
of UC, Sallman says. 

Service for 
Liebrenz Planned 

A Memorial Service for former UCSD Career 
Planning and Placement Director Gloria 
Uebrenz, who was slain Sept. 4, will be held next 
Wednesdcay at 4 p.m. in the International 
Center. The public is invited. 

Scheduled speakers include campus rabbi Jay 
M~ler, who will conduct a religious service, Stven 
Weindling , who worked closely with Uebrenz 
while a UCSO undergraduate and Carol Merrill, 
who was a colleage of Uebrenz's at the 
placement office. 

The .tabbing murders of Uebrenz and Leon 
Lauterbach, whose T lerrasanta home she was 
viIiting when she was killed, is still unsolved, 
according to San Diego police reports. 

A adlolarship in memory 01 Uebrenz, who 
came to UCSO in 1976, i. being established 
under the auspices of the UC Foundation, 
according to Merrill. 

Three Weeks? 
By Kathy Huffer 

Auociate News Editor 
Gas rationing in San Diego County may end within three weeks, 
formally releasing drivers from a system which is already ignored 
by most gas stations. 

The San Diego Board of Supervisors, responsible for the plain in 
this county, will decide the fate of the odd-even system Oct. 2. And 
if current sentiment on the board continues, motorists in San Diego 
will soon have permission to buy g~s any. day they please. 

Almost five months in operation, they odd·even plan is no longer 
being enforced by most gas stations and has lost its impact among 
California drivers, gas "Stations owners say. 

And now that gas lines have all but disappeared, rationalizing "is 
not needed now," says County Supervisor Jim Bates. 

If this county drops the gas allocations system, it will join three 
counties which have already received authorization from Gov . 

. Brown to return to pre-rationing operations. Eleven more counties 
are also considering dropping the odd-even plan, according to 
Bates. 

While the San Diego supervisors appear likely to vote to 
discontinue the Dian . not all board members are convinced that the 
county should drop the system, which has been credited by some 
as bemg responsible for reducing gas consumption in San Diego 
County by 10 percent. 

Supervisor Roger Hedgecock, strongly opposed to ending the 
rationing plan. sayS San Die20 County faces additional demand for 
gas in October and could once again fall victim to long gas lines 
and exhausted supplies. 

"There's no question," Hedgecock says, that the odd-even plan 
has helped reduce gas consumption, and "we've got to keep 
reminding people" that energy problems are not over (or Sa Diego 
drivers. . 

Citing a recent private study conducted on the odd-even system, 
Hedgecock says that 60 percent of the San Diego County drivers 
have reduced gas consumption as a result of the allocation plan. 
"It's an historical turnaround," he says, "and I would hate to see 
that end. 

Supervisor Lucy Moore, reluctant to take a position on the 
upcoming vote, says she is "willing to try" . discontinuing the 
rationing. 

Most other board members will probably vote to discontinue the 
plan, she says. 

According to Moore, the board will request in their proposal to 
Brown that the county retain certain "flexibility" measures of the 
ratiqning system. For example, gas stations would still be required 
to post flags, indicate gas availability and post gas prices, she says. 

This request for "part of the· total package" will pr~bably be 
accepted by Brown, who has the final say on each county's odd· 

Pleaae tum ·to page 8 

Three Student Programs' 
May Become 'Academic' 

By Caitlin Horowitz 
The transfers-of three Students Affairs office programs to the office 
of Academic Affairs is a "distinct possibility" later this faD, says 
Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs Richard Annitage. 
The move, instigated jointly by Armitage and Vice Chancellor of 
Academic Affairs Paul Sallman and supported in a ~ial' task 
force report, would strip Student Affairs of the Educational 
Opportunity Program (EOP), 
Student Financial Services and 
the Office of Academic Support 
and Instructional Services 
(OASIS). 

The shift was first proposed 
with the "objective of 
enrollment and retention" in 
mind, said EOP Oirector 
William T. Byrd, adding that he 
will "gladly go" if the move is 
made. 

The campus is faced with a 
·problem, Sallman says. 
According to a report by a 
Academic Services and Student 
Service Task Force, enrollment Richard Annitaae 
is dropping, which means there is Ie .. money. 

Realistically, Salbnan says, the caliber and quality of education 
depend. ultimately on fWMling.1f there are no students, there are no 
resources. 

"Because the ba.ic objectives 01 EOP and the Academic Affairs 
Office 01 Relation. with Schools ar the same," Sehman argues, 
"they would be more effectively hancled under one roof." 

Pr.... ,...,. 10 ".. 8 



Death of. 
Can You Help 
Someone Who 
Thinks His 
Personality is 
a Disease? 

BJ Kathryn ManhaJI 
When your life ia a broken record 

playins apinat your .uD. When your put 
iI a ..... theme. When you've put on the 
headHi and dropped the needle in the 
worn-out gr~e and turned up the volume 
until everything ._ ia aiIence. 

That'a how 1 imagine auic:ide. I have to 
ma,ine becaUie imqinins i. the beat I can 
do. I have to force Iibnellea, when 

. .omeone jumpa out of a tree wearinl a 
DOOle fulaioned from a wool blanket. I 
cIon't know wha~ it'a like when IOIIleiJne 

The Rolling Stones 
"'were out of charac-
ter ... he read Ruskin, 

Arnold, Hopkins. 
dec:idea to die, to will ~it brain to "off" and 
defy hia blood and breath. That aplit aecond 
out on the limb - what'a the dick, what'. 
the mechanilm? How doea the mUlic 
aound jUit before the jump? 

lhe RoDins Stones were out of character 
for Craig. He read Ruakin, Arnold and 
Hopkina. He emoked cigarettea but not 
dope. He rarely «l'ank. He wAin't into 
kinky aex or down-at-the-heela aurrealiat 
poetry, and he wore thick, black-rimmed 
Plea, the kind that have never been in 
atyle. 

Craig. grew up in Akron. Hit father it a 
I lOCioiogiat vaguely Unitarian, and hia 

mother it the daughter of Methodiat 
rniuionariea. After Nth 1ChooI, Craig went 
on achoIarahip to a good atale univeraity in 
New York, majored in EngJiah and worked 
IuD time at a grocery atore. Five yean ago 
thit fall he came to Southern California for 
graduate achool. 

My friend. and I met Craig in a literary 
theory aeminar. At that time my friend. 
were male and exactly two in number: a 
Vietnam veteran who .aw the world a. a 
Jacobean tragedy and a recently .prung 
Catholic who apit venomoua aeathetica. 
We nabbed Craig after hearing him talk in 
dall - he WAi amart, very .mart. We 
wanted him for our aeancea. 

I don't know how many timet I aat 
8Cf0ll from Craig in lOme Cout Highw4lY 
coffee .hop, pickinsr at the rernaina of an 
houra-old chef'. aafad, eyeing a table of 
cold cupI and doing lell talking than 
&atening. If it WAi after 2 am, Nick - the 
ex-Marine - would be coughing. By then 
he would have finiahed hia UlUai nocturnal 
harangue - all doom, admonition and 
JAleoua metaphyaica. He would be lighting 
hit 30th cigarette and trying to calm down, 
ham, convinced himaelf that none but he 
could feel a ripenea. in the apherea. Paul, 
too, would be quiet; in the throe. of ennui, 

Mar.ltal; i. .he aulhor of "Mil SI,'er 
Gone" and "Deaer. Placet," now', 
publlJted bll Harper & Row. Thi. arlicle i. 

rep~int.d b., perm/hlon of The 
Waalli",.on POll. .. 

tired of hia own barbed, predawn polyglot, 
he woUld .tretch out in the booth and 
gealure toward Craig. 

''Well, what do you think, Stark?" 
Funny, how men call each other by lut 

namea. For me he wu alway. Craig -!: 
a1wara will be, I gueu. Funny, too, how 
little recall of anything Craig laid. T onea 
of voice, expresaion.s, manneriamI yea, and 

. I know. he held forth on Victorian poetry. 
But beyond that I draw a blank. 

One thing I do recall. lhe morbid 
Rolling Stones IOIlII he a1waya,pun~ on 
jukeboxea, the one he played over and 
over. Late one night I uked him why he 
liked it. He anawered but I cc:iuIdn't hear 
above the mUlic, 10 he acribbled on hia 
napkin: "Becauae my peraonality i. a 
cUeue." 

He let hi. hair grow and didn't trim hia 
beard. He wore hia tenni. .hoea until the 
canVAl Bapped when he walked. He aIept 
Ie.. and leaa; often I'd come into the 
teaching Allillanll' office before my 8 
o'clock c1A1. and find Craig there. Mute, 
bleary-eyed, he'd give me a perfunctory 
nod and go on with hia reading. 

"You want to get lOme coffee?" 
And ocCAlionally he'd say "OK," put 

down hia pen and dOle hia book. 
Craig wAin't at home in 'Southern 

California. He WAI puzzled by what he 

I've tried to under-
stand his suicide, 

but understanding is 
beyond me. 

perceived as ill unreBective optimiam - , 
the worahip of prefab theories of progrea., 
the love of infinite novelty. Once, in an 
ironical moment, he milquoted Tennyaon: 
"Let the great world spin forever down the 
ringing graves of change ... " It wAin't until 
much later, AI I WAi reading for· an eum, 

the d " " .!_..l that I realized wor wu 1JlOOV- GnU 
that the aIip had been intentional. 

Craig aIao cliatruated the rampanr 
fertility, the aenae that in Southern 
California anything could take root. He 
made lOme aort of dialinction between 
"natural" da er and "wild" danger, 
natural dange~ving to do with ordinary 
threat. like car wreck. and burglara, wild 
danger ham, to do with poiaon oak and 
prickly pearl. And he WAi indignant when 
he found out that "Return to the Planet of 
the Apea," had been filmed on the campUI 
where he WAI working toward a Ph.D. in 
Eniliah literature. 

fn certain moocIa Craig wouldn't apeak 
except to mutter puna. I could aay "good 
morning" and get a fantaatic, prbIed reply 
which, when tranalated, wouJcf make aellle 
only to aomeone good at cIoae textual 
analYIel of Browning. And whenever 
Nick, Paul and I complained about thi. 
antiaocial behavior, we would be referred to 

".".. turn to "".. 3 

John TCfY-lor 

Less Gov't=More Profits 
The louder somebody 

complaina theae days about 
government, the richer you can 
figure he'd be if it Jeft him alone. 

In 1977 Howard Jarvi., a 
paid lobbyi.t for aparbnent 
houae ownen, persuaded 
California voters via Prop. 13to 
enrich hit clients at the expense 
of local city councils and school 
board.. Much of the money 
went to out.of.stat~ property 
Qwners, and cull m school, 
library and fire department 

a day. They hope to tum 
citizens' often misinformed 
misgivings about government 
into less regulation aDd more 
profit. 

Newspapers, linked by 
advertising . and often by their 
corporate owners . to the 
business community and 
forever infatUated with the 
pursuit of corruption in 
government, are unwilling 
accomplices. 

budget. followed, but The Daily Guardian 
homeowners were understand· 
ably happy with their tax 
aavings. 

. Opinion Soon horrified renters found 
that the landlords stopped 
counting their money long 
enough to pile on the Ulual rent 
inereaaea . . In Santa Monica, Tuesday, Sept. 25, 1979 
activi... succeaafully enacted 
rent control legialation,. and . The problem with govern: 
bUIinea. intereat. again joined ment's unaavory image i. that it 
in the anti·govermnent litany by makes effective govfll'runent 
maintaining 'that the artificial . even harder. The combination 
rent a:iling would reatrict the of the preas' Watergate-inapired 
IUpply of rental hou.ing and fear of executive power and 
thUi drive reoll up further. But people'a distrust of government 
meanwhile all over California is making life particularly 
landlord • . diacovered they difficult for Preaident Carter, for 
could get rich by converting example. Thi. i. ironic, becauae 
their apartrnenll to condos, he i. dealing with a Congreal so 
forcing tenanll to either buy or coweD by apecial interesll that it 
get out. I'D bet rental unill are would rather concoct fuel from 
drying up jUit aa faat in Del Mar lOybeans and old shoes than 
arid "San Diego AI in Santa pus the oil company windfall 
Monica. profill tax and other legialation 

The lAme paatiche of anti· he wanll' 
government .Iogana came in The popular wiadom about 
handy lut year when the which of the branche. of 
Tobacco 100titute, Iobbyis.ta government should be .trong, 
who want government tobacco though Ulually phraaed in 
lubaidiea continued and who ringing constitutional terms, 
oppose effectiy-e protection for shifts all the 'time de~nding on 
non-amokers, let up a bogua who is litting on the branche •. 
"citizen'."group in California to Lately, ~ preaident gets most 
beat an anti.unoking initiative. of the flak . People felt that 
BUlinesamen often have two Congresa abrogated its war 
facel when it comea to powers to Johnson in Vietnam, 
government. In San Diego, they creating the "imperial" 
complain at their Rotary and pre.idency that led to 
Chamber of Commerce Watergate. Now reporter. and 
meetings about the govern- commentators, afraid to be 
ment' alailure to atop the Bow of caught on the wrong .ide of the 
ilegal alien •• and then go back taxpayers' revolt and ever vigi· 
to work and hire thousands at lant about broad presidential 
eub-minirnum wagea at their atiokea, focUi on the executive 
reatauranll and hotela to wAlh branch and it. powerful 
diahes and aheeta. regulatory agenciea inltead of 

They don't .ee anything . the 1e~a1alur.e. ~n ~ 
wrong with that, becaute they reorgAfUzed hi. cabinet thi. year 
don't lee anything right about to OUit .dialoyal eI~~' and 
the minimum wage. Unhindered make It more politically 
commercial enterprile built this aeaworthy for the 1980 
country, &mel moat buaineumen election, many cornmentat~ 
aecretly loot for a return to the compared the ahakeup, 
attitude that allowed railroad amazingly, ~ Nixon'. firin--,.of 
companiel to put immigranll to former Attorney General Elliot 
work on the track. for a quarter "'-Ie turn to ",.. 3 

The Daily Guardian 
£ric: Jaye 

Editor 
Jerr Bereafonl·Howe 

N.ow" ~~I it"r . 
Kathy Huffer 
John Hondl'O' 

A",x·i .. h· Nt-.. , •• ~tilo" 
.llthn Klock 
ropy Editur 
Jon Goetz 

Spurt. Edit"r 
Eric Harpell 
S,·;"I1<·,· Edit"r 

Matthew Giedt 
I ...... " I·~"tur 
Ted Burke 

Art~ Ed" .. r 

Han-yTolom 
(;.·",·, •• t MIII~I II"r 

Tie_ Daily CuarJiall i. 
publiahed Monday thl'OUlh Friday 
by atud..ta at the LW.enitJ 01 
California. s.n Diep. Editorial 
and buaineu off'lCeI .... located .. 
the fint floor of the atudent center. 
Mail acIcIr.a: Student Center (B-
016), UCSD. La Jolla, Ca •• 
92093. For -. call 452-3466; 
for bu.a- and ........... call 
452-3468. n. DrRly ~ 
aulleaa- to the ~iated Pre., 
the Lo, An ..... T_ s,ndicaIe 
and Pacific Newa s..ice. 

. \ 
New 

Cartoonist 
Whoae cartoons do you 

like better? Owane Powell's 
(right) or Pat Oliphant'., 
whOle work we usually run? 
Let u. know. 

Dealing with a Friend's Death 
Continued from page. 2 
Bacon and his four classes of fallacies, in 
par tic u I art h e i d 0.1 a for i -
misunderstandings owing to the unstable 
nature of words . 

He was a difficult friend, Craig; 
sometimes my phone would ring and Nick 
or Paul would say, "Stark is down again." 
I'd drive to the aparbnent Craig shared with 
another graduate student and find him 
propped up on the sofa, surrounded by 
books that hadn't been off library shelves 
for years. 

The idea was to reduce the world to 
primitive dimensions · to make him coffee, 
to brush his hair . To scratch his back and to 
entertain with limericks. To convince him 
you would be his friend through wild or 
natural danger. 

M)' feelings aren't rational . They aren't 
fair. They are unrelenting and in that sense 
no doubt un.Christian, but they are there .. I 
flout the dead - I don't believe in excuses, 
in emotional jUitifications. I can't believe 
that a man's personality is a disease. I can't 
believe that Craig didn't hang himself out of 
spite - spite for me, for Nick and Paul, for 

the branch he tied his shredded blanket to. 
I'm angry at him, not because he didn't 
want the world made larger but because he 
didn't even want the world reduced. 

What's hard isn't remembering the good 
moments - the texts he explicated, the 
money he loaned without thought of 
repayment. What's hard is forgetting the 
bad ones. And trying' not to hate those who 
call themsleves tiberal and humane and 
who insist that the time I spent worrying 
over Craig was time directed toward some 

g~ end. It didn't make me feel good. And 
it didn't do any good for Craig. To believe I 
"helped" him is to believe thatJike a kidney 
machine or an iron lung, I performed a 
purely mechanical function, and there's 
something gruesome about thinking of 
friendship that way. .-

I've tried to understand his suicide, but 
understanding il beyond me. Perhaps there 
is no acceptable explanation. 

So I'm left with my imagination. I'm left 
with the darkness and a lOng. I'm left with a 
vision of Craig sitting up after midnight, 
cutting a blanket into strips and brai«ing his 
own noose. 

FREE 

Deadline: Friday, Oct. 5 
'For more info: 452-4090 

TICKETS'·" 

COLORING 
CONTESTrr! I (ATAVISM LIVES) 

Pick up a Fall Events Balloo,! Poster at EDNA & 
other locations all over campus. 

COLOR IT - Any way you want -

1 st PRIZE: 2 tickets to UEO 
sponsored events -this fall 

Turn posters in with your Name &, Phone No. 
To The D~ily Guardian (Student Center) 

3 

Less Gov 't= More ProFits 
Continued from page 2 
Richardson and the Watergate 
special prosecutor. The Nixon 
story is now legend, and every 
gesture of Carter's is drawn into 
tortured comparilOns with it. 

Cangre.. draws far Ie .. 
eritici.m. Since it refuses to paiS 
Carter's programs, he is 
"ineffective," his leadership 
"uninspired." Columnists type 
with one hand that the president 
must never again rule out of 
control, and pine with the other 
for the days in the mid·1960s 
when LBJ shoved bill after bill 
through the 95th Congress by 
twisting arms and collecti1!8 on 
sordid old political debts. They 
are schizophrenically longing 
for the same kind of leadership 
that brought us. the Great 
Society and Vietnam. They 
want inspiring strokes 'of 
individual political genius from 
Carter, but they want them to be 
confined to the - national 
consensus, whatever that is, 
about issue$. 

No one ever SUggeSIi that 
Congress is populated largely 
by prima donnas who are 10 
certain they can be re·e1ected 
without Carter's help that they 
do whatever the want. If you 
want evidence. recall the 
number of congressmen who 
voted to deny Carter emergency 
fuel allocation powers this 
summer because their states 
wouldn't get enough gas 
compared to the other guys' 
states. 

Maybe the image makers are 
ready to shift the attention away 
from the j!resident again. In the 
movie "The Seduction of Joe 

Tynan," we get to know three 
senators. One is so aenile he 
beginato speak French durin8 a 
hearing without realizing it; 
another does nothing but 
cha.e women, one 'of whom 
perform. from under the deak in 
his office; the third i. the 
shallow, ambitious, «ialikeable 
character Alan AIda plays. The 
movie, a remake of a dozen of 
hoary potboilerl about the 
corrupting inOuence of political 
power, shows congreumen 
involved full-time in arranging 
mutually beneficial exchangea. 
We never meet the president, 
and hardly anyone we do meet 
seems concerned with what'. 
best for the country. 

Despite the comy carica· 
tures, it was refreshing to see a 
political story that wasn't about 
a corrupt or incompetent 
President stumbling around the 
White House. Maybe it will help 
some of the pundits realize that 
in a nation where Congress is 
uncooperative and the media 
and business have built up 
distrust in government, it would 
be hard for any president to be 
effeCtive. 

We Want to 
Hear from You 

Say your piecUD. n.e Daily 
Guardian by writing a letter to 
the editor or an opinion page 
column on the subject of your 
choice. 

. Type anything you send us; 
double or triple space on a 72· 
space line. 

UC CRAFTS CENTER 

..l 
OFFERS CLASSES & WORKSHOPS IN 

CERAMICS 
PHOTOGRAPHY 

WOODWORKING 
STITCHERY . 

QUILTMAKING 
STAINED GLASS 

DRAWING 

and much more. 

~TION WEEK IS 
SEPTEMBER 24-28. 

CI USB BEGIN OCTOBER 1 FOR 9 WHO. 

The Crafts Center Is open to the 
entire UCSD Community and is located 

between the Student Center and Bonner HO.II. 

Call 452-2021 to( more infOrmation. 



ASSOCIATED PRESS ' NEWS BRIEFS 
I INTERNATIONAL 11l...-_N_A_T~£IO..:..:.-N_A_L_-111 STATE I 
Mid-East Air Duel Brown Stumping Custody Law Revised 
BEIRUT, Lebanon - Syrian jet fighten and U.S.· 
made Israeli F·I 51 dueled lOuth of Beirut yesterday in 
the biirgest air battle over Lebanon in three months. 
Four SOviel~ Syrian MIG. were downed, both 
sides .aid, and Syria claimed two Israeli jets were 
"hit. " 

The Israelis IBid all their planes made it safely back 
to bue. 

In Washington, State Deparbnenl spokesman 
Thomaa Ra.lon called the air daah a "dangerous 
development" and appealed on all side. to exerciae 
restraint. 

Syria IBid ill MIG·2h scrambled to intercept the 
Israeli warplanes after the Israelis attacked civilian 
campa - presumably Palestinian - in the Damour 
area south of Beirut. 1be Jaraeli military command in 
Tel Aviv laid itljet., including the F·tS, America'. 
moat sophisticated fighter, were in a reconnaillance 
miuion over Palestinian guenla buel. 

Bokassa Gets Refuge 

DAIJ.AS - Governor Jerry Brown took his 
unannounced presidential campaign to Southern 
Methodilt University yesterday, heavily emphasizing 
hil anti· nuclear and pro-environment stands to 
applauding students. 

"I take a strong position against nuclear power 
becauae I think it leads to a dead end," he said as 
several hundred students broke into applause. "Where 
are we Joing to put the waste and who's going to 
guard it. 

"That nuclear plant will cost more to replace than it 
did to build it. And where are you going to put the 
radioactive water ... and where are you going to vent 
the radioactive air?" 

The governor also teemed ' to be returning to his 
"small is beautiful" theme of several year. ago when 
he lold the SMU crowd that "we should be moving 
from a consumption ethic to an investment ethic in the 
next len years." 

Kennedy 'Likely' 

LOS ANGELES - The trend toward joint or 
shared custody of the children after divorce now has 
the hefty backing of a new state law requiring more 
judges to give more consideration to such 
arrangements as an alternative to awarding custod y to 
just one parent. . 

Assembly Bill 148, which was signed into law over 
the weekend by Gov. Brown, changes "the focus of the 
custody bat~e," according to Persia Woolley, author 
of The Cuslody Handbook. 

"One of the most important things the bill does is to 
require a judge to consider awarding joint custody 
even if just one parent request it, and it alld'ws him to 
award joint custody even if one parent objects," Ms. 
Woole said. 

The law, authored by Charleslmbrecht, R.Ventura, 
also takes away the right of the judge to decide against 
joint custody if both parents want it. 

Defectors Want ABT 
ABIDJAN, Ivory Coat - Deposed emperor Jean NEW YORK - Sen. Edward Kennedy's LOS ANGELES _ A Los Angeles Ballet artistic 

Bedel Bobua, condemned 10 death in his Central suggestion that he might seek the Democratic director who watched Ieonic Kozlov and his wife, 
African Republic homeland and denied asylum in nomination if th economy fails to improve quickly is Valentina, practice three days says the Soviet 
France, flew here yesterday and was given refuge by tantamount to saying that he's almost a certainty to defectors have "a good chance of dancing with the 
the Ivory Coast's government. run. American Ballet Theater, but probably not with the 

But hit successor, President David Dacko, Unemployment, one of the many measures of public New York City Ballet." . 
immediately announced he would demand Bokassa's attitude, is rising again. 
eldradition aa a "common criminal ... who kiUed, raped Interest rates are following a similar course. A John Clifford confirmed reports yesterday that the 
and pillagd the slate." Earlier, a broadcast from the scattering of analysts now declare the turnabout may Russian couple practice with the L.A. Ballet last week 
republic's captal of Bangui said Dacko had be near, but even they don't foresee a decline much before slipping out of town to audition with the ABTin 
condemned Bokalsa to death. below double-digit rates until mid.1980 at the earliest. New York. 

Dacko laid thatunder treaties with the Ivory Coast, These indicators - jobs, prices and interest rates - The Kozlovs defected SeJ?>1. 16 after the Bolshoi 
which like hil nation i. a former French colony, the are among the best understood economic signals, Ballet's final performance in Los Angeles . During the extr~ition "Ihould not cause any problems." measuring not abstract monetary or fiscal activities, week they spent in seclusion, they reportedly 

TIle influential Le Montie accused the government but events that are perceived to immediately effect commissioned an agent to set up an interview with the 
of "indeci.ion. not to say cowardice." pocketbooks. ABT. -------.~~~--------~------------------------------~~~----~--------------------

\·--.. ------Seeks to 

2206 Carmel Valley Road 
Del Mar 

employ 
Qualified UCSD Students 

in pOSitions as 
drivers arid cooks. 

Start $3.25/hr. 
Apply in person. 

~I'IiENTIONII 
There Is no automatic Insurance coverage. 

"Cover 
Your 
Bod" 

Enroll now 
for 

health insurance. 

Positions open for qualified applicants: 
cook. busperson • server 

Ca.uolly • 
Soph/$ticQled 

, OPEN 
, lATE 

. .... -
• I'im 

... t: ·-=his 
,\ . 8ft'I' 
• • Wlrw 

"WwW'. Ho.t IJntqw Pfua ~ 
l.aoch • .-.. Ii. ~ r.--. IOO! II: :.:r-

Pick up application at 
2212 Carmel Valley Road. Del Mar . 

tx-ID ris B(V~store-
129 N. Hwy. 101 

Solana Beach 
One mile north of the 
Del Mar FlLirarounds 

755·7323 

BOOK SALE 
Entire Inventory. 

an additional 

Y20FF 
Available from insurance representative 

at Student Heahh Services. 
Monday Ihru Thursday, 9 am to 2 pm. 

Over 20,000 books at 14 of new price or leu. We have IlIrle 
selections of psyc~ology, history, literary criticism, k.ience, 

foreign lanlu.ges. genuine Civil War newspapers. fiction. 
children's books. and mueh more. 

All registered students find POst docs are el igible. 
and we buy books 

"HAIR 
FACTORY" 

459-2400 
By Appt. 

"Have a prosperous academic year!" 

Casually 
Sophisticated 

"World's Most Unique Piz~a" 
Lunch • Dinner· 
. Takeout, too! 

Directions: 1-5 or Coast Highway to Carmel 
Valley Road then west 112 mile. 

OPEN 
LATE 
• Steaks 
• Spaghetti 
• Pizza 
• Bountiful 

Sandwiches· 
• Beer 
• Wine 

22i2 Carmel Valley Road. Del Mar • 755-6778 

5 



8 

Classifieds 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
SCUR1 is conclJc:tlng Granlwritlng 
Workshops 9/25, 9/27, 10/3. If you 
need help, call us at 452-3917 
(10125) 

W.". to do research? Need money for 
I? Come see SCURI for all 01 yOlK 
lunding needs. Call 452-3917. 
(10/25) 

Wanled - Friendly intelligent neat 
achievers 10 be charter members of , 
National Panhellenic Conference 
Women's FraternMy. Alpha Gamma 
Delta is looking for you. Ca. Michelle 
at 543-2588. (10/25) 

drop in for a free 
personalized styling I consultation. 

our styles create 
irresistable men 
fascinating women 
obedient children. 

464-3038 

... D.-D.D ... -D.V .... . 

Enter Jan '80 or Aug '80 CLASS 
Ph.D.-M D. Program 

D.C., D P.M.-M.D. Program 
Unillersidad de Cd. Juarez 

W.H.O. Listed 
PROVEN PROFESSIONAL 
Student Placement Service 

100 LaS"" St. 
New York, N.Y. 10027 

(212) I15-4MIt 

-

Gene Wilder returns to UCSO. Oct 4, 
11,18 and 25. Tickets on sale al UEO 
Box Otjice. $1 .50 / show or $5.00 tor 
the series. Umhed sealing. Buy now. 
(24,26,28) 

Professional IBM Iyping service. Term 
papers , theses, dissertat ions , 
resumes. Rapid, accurale service. 
566-9894. M( 1 0/ 15) 

fOR SAlE • SERVICES 
TYPING / EmTING: 5 yrs specialized 
expo theses dis., mss IBM Selectric. 
Prot. excenence-competrtive prices. 
Pac. Bch.l Bern ice 274 - 1078 
day/tNe. (T/Th, 10/18) -

Baby Grand Piano for renl $45 / month. 
Call 459-1 .929. (9 /25) 
73 Dodge Van, excellent condo AIC, 
PS, PBV, Cuslom Inl.Lowmil. $3195or 
oHer. 583·6506. (9 /28) 

2 R efrigeralors 68 Firebird, 350, 4 spd, ps, lOOK mi, 8 
lracll, runs well. 755-6456, ask tor 
Randy. $750/OBO. (9125) 5 cubic n. Like new. $95.00 bach. 442-0136. (25 Sap) 

Houn 
Monday Ihru 

Fridoy 8 ;30 - 8;00 
S.turcby 

ond 
Suncby 

9,00 - 6:00 

,..........----20'. off----. 
anything on the menu 

(sandwiches. bagels. salads. soup. beer. wine) 
After 4 pm Expires 30 Septembe!. 1979. 

'

For ordm 10 so - CAU .aH021 ----------~ 1212 Comlno del Mor. ~I ~M 
PARKING IN REAR 

INDMDUAl.SeGROUPeCONVENTlONS 
STUDENT TOURS 

EfFICIENT COMPUTERIZED SERVICE 
CHARTER FLiGHTSeSKI PACKAGES 

Ticket delivery service 
One call does It oll ... oor service Is·free to you. 

ask about our 
PUERTO VAYAMA PACKAGE 

booking nowl 

TORREY MESA TRAVEL. INC, 
3211 Holiday Court La Jolla 4I2·i9.1 

Students report simple things like relieve nervousness, im'prove memory, overcome 
insomnia , enhance intelligence, improve creativity and understand the cause of 

success and good health- to the more sophisticated things like develop ESP and using 
the mind to set goals, get information and solvc problems. 

Over two million peoplc in 34 countries have' taken Silva Mind Control, and so can 
you. To find out how, we invite you to a free seminar. But a word of caution : it will 

change your life . Silva Mind Control. 

Silva Mind Control-
FREE LECTURE 
September 26·27 

For info, call 297·0758. 

. 

WANTEd 
Photo Assistanl in sales $6.00 per 
hour tull or part lime 4-6 pm. Will train 
275 -2404 . (10 15) 

Experienced youth worker soughl by 
La Jolla synagogue 10 serve as 
adviser 10 a group of Junior High 
students in their youth program. Musl 
be familiar wilh Jewish educalional 
and cunural programming as well as 
recreal ion aclivil ies. ParI-l ime. Send 
resume. Congregation Beth EI. 8745 
La Jolla Scenic Dr .. La Jolla 92037. 
452-1734 for more informalion. 
(9/28) 

n..IIr, Sept. 215, 1979 

ItOUSiNG. 

Mission Beach - Ocean and bay 
fronl units $240-$475, studio 1 and 2 
be<!rooms, furniShed. utilities paid 
parking. no pels, 9 month lease. 488-
1395, 281-2645. 466-9316, 3333 
Bayside and 3443 Ocean Front Walk. 
(9 / 28) • 

W .10010 apt tor rent S250-275/mlh. 
Call .a1-2674 tor appt. 
W one bedrm apt tor rani $395-
425/mth. CIII 481-2674 tor appt. 

Rent your FumHure from 

• •. ~ 
-Furniture Rental 

I FAST - 24-4. Hour Delivery I 
complete one bedroom apartment 

for as little as $36.00 per month. 
100% option to buy. courtesy to students 

. San Diego OceanSide 
6195 University Ave. 1-5 at Oceanside BIIId. 

Kearney Mesa 
583·2981 439.071 i 

4646 Convoy Street 
292~57 

RESEARCH . rAPERS 
10,250 on File - All Academic Subjects 

Send $1.00 for your up-to-date, '306-page mall order catalog. 
ACADEMIC ' RESEARCH 

P.o. BOX 24873 
LOS ANGELES, CA 90024 
:--------------------------------------------~----------~ 
: NAME .! 
I I 
I ADDRESS I 
I I 
1 I I CITY ----. : 
I STATE --~IP I 
1 ______ ------------------------------------------------__ 

THE MOST HILARIOUS 
WILDEST MOVIE 

IS HERE! 

A 
II .... 

fill 

"Insanely ,. 
funny, 
outr.geous ~ Ind 
Irreverent. " iWi 
-PLAYBOY 
MAGAZINE F •• turing Che"y CGIor 

Chlse 
Films Incorporated 

',~. / i ~;BEER*HOT DOGS 
', ',/-;' 1d1J~u 

481-MI1 •• 
6 . 

~.-

DWICHES 
DESSERTS. 

.~ I ~ 



8 

Three Programs May Leave Armitage 
Continued /rom"... I retirement. He has not been 
"OASIS might better serve the forcible enough as an 
needs of the students if it were in a d min i s t rat 0 ran d the 
Academic Affairs, as it is complaints stemming from that 
closely related to the academic have been a lot for him to 
community of the university," handle," said one official who 
Salbnan says. . asked that he not be identified. 

But Nancy lAga, AS vice Discounting those claims, 
president, disagrees. both Sahman and Armitage 

"Generally, students have insist the transfer is in the best 
said that they go to OASIS interests of all those involved. 
leeking alternative teaching 
styles to those of academics," 
said lAga, who quickly adds 
that the AS has no\ yet taken a 
formal stance on the proposed 

pr~am transfer. 
There is considerable 

speculation among some 
admini.trators that the move 
was originally conceived as a 
vehicle for Armitage to divest 
himself of some bothersome 
chores. 

"The man (Armitage), at 62, 
is just a few years from 

As it stands, the only real 
threat now standing in the way 
of the transfer is financial. 
According to two of the three 
agencies invol ved, the 
registration fee committee 
(currently providing a large 
portion of the Student Affairs 
budget) might not continue to 
support them if they were a part 
of Academic Affairs. 

Reg ·Fee c ommi ttee 
chairwoman Liz Riley says she 
opposed the transfer at first but 

HOLY 

adds that the committee will 
have to meet and discuss the 
situation before they take a 
stand . . 

Sahman and Armitage are proposal may die, since "the 
scheduled to meet this week, to decision.making process is 
discuss the matter in more often a lengthy and difficult 
depth. h's still possible 'the one," Saltrnan says. 

Program ~ad in Three Weeks? 
Odd-Even Gas PI~n . Near Elimination, 
If Supervisors Get Br'own's Backing 
COIIhnUeJ from page 1 
plan; Moore says. Brown is 
expected to provide the board 
. with a report on his support or 
disapproval of San Diego 
County's move to drop the 
system, according to Moore. 

If the board votes to 
discontinue gas raiioning in the 
county, Brown will be asked for 

approval. 
Hedgecock believes the 

publicity involved in the 
county's action will persuade 
Brown to go along with the 
supervisors. 

Th e Board can 'vote 
reinstatement of the Odd-even 
system at any time before 
a ~ecision to drop rationing, 

RDOUCSI 

according to Moore, if Brown 
approves. 

Meanwhile, the board will 
watch gas lines closely in the 
next two weeks, according to 
Hedgecock. While a vote to end 
rationing seems likely , county 
supervisors could be frightened 
off by a sudden return to May 
gas conditions, he says. 

The Chelsea 
Book Co., Inc. 

Cable St. 
19Z9 Beach 
Ocea"7001 ZZZ· 

Specializing in 
o metaphysics 
o holistic health 
o children's books 
o cotton clothes 
o children'6 clothes 

POSTAL tNSTANTPRESS 

HP makes professional scientific c~lculators students can ~d. 

STODENT 
BATES 
Instant printing 
Photocopies 
Flyers for 

Bet that bit of news really elevated your 
equations! Hewlett-Packard, the people who 
make some of the world's most dynamic calcula-
tors, now makes models just for your needs 
and budget-Series E. 

Wow! The first one is the HP-31E 
Scientific, now available 'at a NEW LOW PRICE 
- S50~ It's a real corker of a basic scientific 
calculator. It has all the trigonometric, exponen-
tial and math functions you need most. Not 
only that, it handles metric conversions. And if 
that's not enough, it has both Fixed and Scientific 
display modes and 4 separate user memories. 

Want more? Then take the HP-32E 
Advanced Scientific with Statistics, also at a 
NEW LOW PRICE-S70~ It's everything the 
HP-31E is-and more! More math and metric, 
comprehensive statistics, decimal degree conver-
sions, Engineering/Scientific/Fixed display 
modes and 15 user memories to boot. Sufficient 
to handle any "would-be" brain busters! 

And now, for those who meet the 
challenge of repetitious riddles, problems, and 
scientific equations-the HP·33E Programmable 
Scientific! Likewise available at a NEW LOW 
PRICE-S90!" 

A multi-faceted scientific, math and 
statistical calculator with the added punch of 
programmability. It gives you at your command ; 

49 program lines of fully merged keycodes;. .a 
dazzling array of program control keys; and 8 
user memories. Never again shy away from a 
sinister calculation! 

Ana listen to this: every Series E calcula· 
tor comes with a new larger, 10-digit display 
with commas to separate thousands for easier 
reading; diagnostic systems to help you catch and 
correct errors; a low battery warning light; 
rechargeable batteries and more. 

Surely, there is a Series E calculator that 
is right for you. Which one? I suggest that you 
stop by your HP dealer for a "hands-o'n" 
demonstration and a free copy of "A buyer's guide 
to HP professional calculators:' For your 
dealer's address, CALL TOLL-FREE 800-648-4711 
except from Alaska or Hawaii. In Nevada, call 
800-992·5710. Get your HP-and solve another 
one for freedom, ingenuity and correct answers! 

HEWLETT' PACKAR~ 
Dept "'L . 1000 N. Eo Orde 1IIvcI .. c.wllIa, OR 97))6 1119/13 

·S .... elled ..e,.n price •• cludln •• ppl",.ble "'.1 •• nd loe.1 la ••• -
Conlinenl.' U.S. A . AI ....... H.w.li. 

Student Organizations 
Resumes 
Typing 

7527 La Jolla Blvd. 
At the corner of . 
Pearl and La Jolla Blvd. 

INTRODUCTORY OFFER 
BRIDGET AND TRACY. THE 

NEWEST ADDtTIONS TO 
OUR GROWING STAFF, 
OFFER TWO PRECISION 
STYLE CUTS FOR THE 
PRICE Of ONE! CALL 
TODAY TO MAKE AN 
APPOINTMENT FOR 

YOURSELF AND A FRIEND. 

HUN1'IID8I ....-m.a 
....0711 

LOCATED· IN THE 
SUMMER HOUSE INN 

LA JOLLA SHORES 


