
THE GUARDIAN , , 
University of California, San Diego 

Volume 36, Number 26 

(]]@Dffi .dalY bruin v...... elY _ .. ....... 1. I'"~ 
75 occupy Bruin offices to protest 'racism' 

Jo, ,'', 1.", .. lIi .. , .,.,1 
__ .,,1eI< , ... -'" 

.. ,'" S_,. f«/iolt F.", 1. 
~,. .. , tit, till, 0/ .. , ()fltlt 
c ... ,._.-_," 

Between 75 and 100 UCLA students protested an allegedly racist 
article in the Daily Bruin last week. 

'Racist' Article 
; 

Sparks Protest 
By Kathy Huffer 
Senior Staff Writer 

UCLA's Daily Bruin office 
was disrupted for nearly five 
hours last Thqrsday by a group 
oC tudent protesters who 
sought an apology for an 
allegedly racist article 
published by the newspaper. 

The protesters were reacting 
to an article which ran last 
week in the "Satyr" section of 
the newspaper. Written in 
satirical style. the article dealt 
with Chicano youth gangs in 
East Los Angeles. 

"We found the article 
extremely offensive." re-
marked Pete Espinoza. a 
member of the Chicano Law 
Students Association. Espinoza 
called the article "racist" and 
said it "picked the ugly 
a peets" o( youth gangs. 
"There·s. nothing funny about 
gang problems in L.A .... he 
commented. 

According to several 
estimates. between 75 to 100 
students entered the Bruin's 
editorial office after holding a 
rally outside the· Student 
Center. 

Several student represen-
tatives. members of the 
newspaper's Editorial Board 
and representatives from the 
Communications Board 
nelC'liated lor nearly five hoors 
until an agreement was met. 
according to Espinoza. 

As a result of the nego-
tiations. the Bruin agreed to 
run a retraction statement on 
its front page apologizing for 
the "insensitivity and 
untruthfulness" of the article. 
In addition. a story covering the 
prote ters and their grievances 
was published with the 
statement last Friday. 

Joanne Eglash. Editor-in-
Chief of the Bruin. said she was 
"taken by surprise" by the 
protest. Eglash e.<pressed 
regret that the article was 
published. saying that it 
"viciously attacked the 
languclge and problems of an 
oppressed group." 

The article's author. Marcus 
Hennessy. who is the editor of 
the "Satyr" section. resigned 
the day of the article's 
publication. according to 

(Please turn to page 6) 

Friday, March 9,' 1979 

College Councils, Grad 
Union Back Laga Plan 

Separate Vending C'ontracts Supported 
By Jeff Beresford-Howe 
Associate Managing Editor 

The four college councils and 
the Graduate Students Union 
have voted to support a 
proposal by Nancy Laga of the 
Vending Machine Task Force 
to contract vending machines 
separately from the adminis-
tration. 

At stake are funds from 70 of 
the 93 machines on campus that 
Laga says are on college or 
graduate student controlled 
jurisdiction. about $40.000 
worth of income. 

Last summer. Chancellor 
William McElroy transferred 
vending machine revenue (rom 
the colleges to Housing and 
Food Services in order to make 
up for the large Housing and 
Food Services debt. 

Laga's proposal would give 
the colleges the revenue from 
the machines and continue 
Registration Fee payment of 
$20,000 of debt service on the 
Third Conege~careteria. 

Another proposal. worked out 
by AS President John Jenkel 
and Budget Vice Chancellor 
Herm Johnson. would give the 
colleges 25% of vending funds 
until the housing debt is payed 
off. then 50% of the funds 
thereafter. It would also 
transfer the debt on the Third 
cafeteria from the Registration 
Fee Committee to the 
administration portion of 
vending funds . 

The Regi tration Fee 
Committee would then ~se the 
debt service money for the 
colleges. 

Laga's propo al wa fir t 
approved by the AS tW<;l weeks 
ago. then reaffirmed by the 
Council Wednesday night. 

Concern over the Regis-
tration FeeCommittee's ability 
and desire to fund the colleges 
as well a the $20.000 Reg Fee 
fund not being automatically 
adjusted for inflation under 

Jenkel's compromise were the 
major reasons for college 
approval of Laga 's proposal 
rather than Jenkel's . 

Zephyr Goldsmith . Third 
College Council member. sa-ys 
his Council member. says his 
Council was suspicious of Reg 
Fee funding because "even 
though (Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Richard) 
Armitage insists that Reg Fee 
monies will be liberated for the 
colleges. there are already 
hard core pressures on the 
committee to use the (unding 
elsewhere. and the colleges 
don't fit into the Reg Fee plan of 
(unding campus pro-
gramming. " 

"We're also unhappy with the 
way the administration has 
handled this." Goldsmith said. 
referring to claims by Laga and 

others that the admini tration 
did not consult students when 
they made the decision to 
transfer the funds. 

McEl roy could not be 
reached for comment. and 
Johnson. who has been ill. 
refused to comment on the 
matter. 

The next hurdle for 
proponents of separate vending 
contracts. Laga says. is talking 
with ARA (the vending 
machine company) about the 
feasibility of contracting 
separately. 

Laga told the AS Council 
Wednesday night that she 
hoped that student-owned 
machines can be on campus by 
1980 or 1981. though Goldsmith 
worries that the administration 
still might intervene in the 
process. 

Four Students to 
Work For Nixon 

By Kathy Huffer 
Senior Staff Writer 

Four UCSD students visited 
the San Clemente estate o( 
Richard M. Nixon last 
Saturday to receive their first 
assignments (or research they 
will do for the former 
President. 

According to Ron ald 
Berman. a UCSD literature 
professor who helped select 
students for the re earch. the 
students will " research into the 
lives of well-known 20th-
century political figures" for 
everal books Nixon i 

currently working on. 
Last week the four upper-

class political ciellce major 
were cho en for the research 
from among 15 applicant . The 
student were interviewed by 
UCSD faculty members and by 
Hugh Huwitt. a Nixon taff 

member. 
Berman. once appointed by 

Nixon to head the National 
Endowment for the Hu-
manitie . said UCSD was 
chosen to provide research 
students (or Nixon becau e of 
it proximity to San Clemente. 

" It · a fantastic job. " 
commented Ed Lazarus. one of 
the student chosen for the 
re earch. "I have a great deaJ 
of re pect for the office of the 
Presidency ... (and) it's a 
tremendou opportunity (or 
learning." 

According to Lazaru . each 
student will "turn out 
omething once every two 

week" to submit to Nixon and 
will be paid for their re earch, 
Lazarus and the other tudent 
would not discu the detail of 
the re earch at the request of 

(Please turn to page 13 ) 

Can est-Pro"ect End Wortd Hunger? 
By AJison Hall the end of hunger a an lCIea d 

tarr Writer who e time ha come. " Thi 
Can we think an end to m ,essage permeates the 

hung er? Wt.!rner Erhard conver ation of Hung r 
believes we can. and he's Project enrollee. 
invested $100.000 and some of Support d by Erhard, lh 
his taf( as well as hi own time project eek to propagate the 
and credibility. to prove he's notion that th means to end 
right. world hung r ar a ailabl ; 

Erhard. the creator of e t that the onl fa tor n ce ar 
(Erhard Seminar Training) . to a tuaH a hieve the goal i a 
has created from lhi b lief in hang in our perc ption of th 
the Hung r Proj ct. a hunger problem. 
controv rial enterpri whose cal Rogin , ditor of A hUt 
aim i to "end hunger in lw nty in the Wind . th HungerProj t 
years ," n w letter, cont nd that " w 

Hung r Proje t d tractor , In k only th ommitm nt to 
however. argu that th non· apply olution to nd hung r 
profit project i nothing more on and for all." 
than a recruiting arm for The project. upported b 
Erhard' est training. at a 0 t donation from e t and proj t 
of $350 for two week nd of enroll • hope to nd 
training. tarvation in th world in th 

The HungerProjecti "ahout n xt twenty y ar . Erhard a 
creating a context - creating the Hung r Proj ct will turn to pal 



Letters to the Editor 

An Alpenglow Warmth ... 
Editor: better. 

On Monday . his friends are 
holding a memorial service for 
Willie on the terrace of the 
Central Library , starting at 
noon. It will not be lengthy. for 
Willie never liked a fuss. Yet 
<J long with our sorrow Willie 
ha left us that <J lpenglow. and 

we need to show our a ppre-
ciation and affection. 

But our best memorial will be 
for us to live by his example of 
cheerfulness, charity . a nd love 
Cor ma nkind and nature. 

John L. Stewart 

When Willie Unsoeld died in 
an avalanche on Mt. Rainier, 
the students of UCSD lost one of 
their best friends. Each year, 
beginning as far ahead as 
October, we looked forward to 
his spring visi t, and we were 
never disappointed . Willie 
always turned out to be greater 
than we remembered, greater 
than we told others when we 
insisted that they must hear 
him speak. After he had gone 
we felt a comforting warmth 
like a lpenglow: in a world that 
had people like Willie, things 
could not be so bad after all. He 
had exceptional courage, 
integrity, magnanimity , and 
humor. He was unique . Yet 
somehow he gave us the belief 
that there wel'e other like him 
- that we might even become 
like him ourselves. There was 
something in the way he 
approached each of us that 
made us think better of 
ourselves . Maybe it was 
because, though he had friends 
by the hundreds, each one was 
special. He paid attention to 
and was interested in you 
yourself. So if one mattered 
that much to someone like him. 
well , one must count for more 
than one had supposed. At once 
the world looked brighter and 

Pool Favored in Rec Poll 
Editor: 

We thank you all for 
participating in the Student 
Recreation Facilities Poll. The 
facilities you reported most 
desired in the poll were the ones 
our re earch indicated were 
most crowded or lacking. The 
pool , jacuzzi , and racquetball 
courts were very strongly 

AS Selling Out? 
Editor: 

Th~ curr nt AS has precious 
little to do with the vending 
mllchines: it neither a lloclltes 
nor rcceive' money from these 
machine. Why is the AS 
trying to sell out the students at 
2,'i¢ 011 the dollar? Why is the AS 
trying to cl'ipple the College 
Council? 

M. Elcan 

desired with medium desire for 
additional lighted tennis courts 
and a new gym. Interestingly, 
both of the sites were equally 
desirable 

The ballots from the dance 
classes were tabulated 
separa tely. We are attempting 
to meet their special needs by 
improving the north balcony oC 
the Main Gym a nd adding more 
floor space via a new gym. 

We will work on a voter 
pamphlet and firm up the 
construction cost estimates. 
Everything should be ready for 
you in a couple of weeks. In the 
meantime, if you have any 
questions or need any 
information just drop us a line 
c/o EDNA, ma il code B·023 . . 

The Student Recreation 
Facilities Committee 

THE GUARDIAN 
Reed Alpert 

Editor 
Eric Jaye 

Managing Editor 
Harry Tolen 

General Manager 

News 
Ran Anbar. Editor: John Hondros, A socialc 
Editor: Staff: Pam Day, Katherine Hafner. 
Alison Hall , Ma ria Hansen . Eric Harpell , 
Dorothy Houst0l) , l\athy Huffer. Jocelyn Larkin. 
Steve Morus. Monet Payton, Linda Pfeifer. Toby 
Raymd'ld Lynne Reid· Kiss, Steve Schneider. 
Jeff Sot~IOff. Laurie Thompson. Teresa Tokar. 
Vidya 1 oLni , Judy Walton. iln.d Aml<! Zusman. 

Science 
Doug r af!1pion. Editor: Staff: Dail Sl. Cl,lire 
Bacon, John Brock, Donald Lilwson. and Jim Viln 
Seoyoc. 

Sports 
Karen H nter. Editor: Staff: Henry DeVries. 
Kevin ~ ioU. Jon Goetz, John Klock. Randy 
Kruger . leve Lin. Phil Sorensen. Phil Stu ller. 
and Sh'~r Thomu . 

Arts 
Ted Burke. Edilor: Jill Loui e Bmeley and Tim 
Mackenzie. Contribuling Edilors: Staff: Beth 
Aeeor.1ando. William Gibson. Guy Messenger. 
Marlene Herman. Lilml Hogue. Joe Heiner. 

Mich'II~ 1 Thornu '. ilnd Lynette Tom. 

Photography 
'Stun I-hlnda. Editor: Swff: Kuthleen Ferguson. 
Matthew Giedt. Ken KJ:own. and Mykal Ryan . 

ProducUon 
Jeff HeresfJrd·Howe . Associale Managing 
Edilor: Nilncy Whitc , l'ypcsNlcr: Barry Alfonso. 
Copy Editor: Stuff: Hunt Burdick. Shaun" 
StLlkcs. a nd Kulhe Vic Brooks. 

Advertising 
'Lynn Stuffa. Business Manag!'r: St'.lff: Joni 
Mattia. Luunl Moorc. tl nd Chri w Thom'ls. 

.. 

TIle ann .. is publiahed by the Univenily 01 california. San Dtejo al an omelal camPII' newlpaper. 
Publication is Monday. Wednesday, and Friday durin. the achool year (except official holidaYI) . EdItorial and 
buah1e" offices are localed in the Studenl Center, mall code MIS. EdItorial · 462-341&. Bu.I_ . 462-3461. 

(.etten to the editor are welcomed. Letlen mUll be typed and double-Ipaced on a 72·apace line. TIley Ibould not 
exceed 1 112 pa,elin lenJth. Submitted material must bear the name of the author and, lithe author iaa .tudent, the 
.tudent ldentillcalion number. Nalllft can be held on requett; however, the nalllft will be kept on file In ourofnce 
for public inspection . 

The C .. rcllu sub crlbes to Ihe AIIsoclated Pre I Wire Servjce. Collealate Crossword. the Los An.elel Times 
.s odlcate, ancUhe Pocifl(' News S<lrvlce. 1i:nllre conlents • 1979., 

Fri., Milrch I, 1179 

East Side Story 
'Raised in Gangs' 

., 

"We don't want to act . civilized 
'cause we don't live in civilization." 

H 
By Ianlile Tbomas 
Pacific News Service 

e stands amid a moonscape of decay . Beyond where 
eyes can see, building after building burnt, empty, 
filled with rubble, crushed brick, warped tin , maybe 
one intact wall scratched with graffiti that speaks of 

living. . 
A rain·softened cardboard box moves over the rubble as tf 

propelled by a steady wind. Nato lifts a sharpened brO?m 
handle above his head. He screams and s~nds the spear nymg 
through the air. The box is still. He motions to me with his hand 
as he kicks the box over. Its heart still faintly pumping, the cat-
sized rat jerks its head one last time. Nato's laugh starts in his 
belly, spilling out of his throat, ending in a scream. 

lanlhe Thomas is ihe aulbor of five children'. books and a 
novel , The Time Junkie. She lives in New York City and writes 
frequently for the Village Voice. 

We walk over to Chisholm Street, a street with no buildings, 
no people. Against the boarded, blue, empty LiriC? Cultural 
Hijos de Quisequeya building I load another cassette tn my tape 
recorder. 

" If you write what is true, why don't things change?" He asks 
me. " Why do people want to know about us? Why do you wan~ to 
know about us? Can you help. Not only money, but .makmg 
buildings agmn. Making nice trees for people and jobs for men. 
Why do people want to know if it don't mean nothing?" 

N ato takes the tape recorder from my shoulder bag and holds the mike to my mouth. We walk over to Jefferson place where his mother lives. Two small c.hi~dren, 
barefoot, play in two burned out cars that Sit m the 

middle of the street. The children stop playing as we pass, 
calling out, .(What are you doing? You T .V. mens? Huh, lady, 
you T.V.?" 

Nato laughs at them, shaking his head, " I'm T .V. and I'm 
making her a star." 

We walk into the doorless hallway of his mother' s building. 
The first floor is empty. All apartments stripped of doors. 
windows, floorboards , fixtures. A little girl, maybe three or 
four sits in a discarded tire at the top of the sUlirs . ln~ide his mother 's apartment it's hot, dark, airless. A tin pail 
full of human excrement sits in a bathtub in the kitchen. Nato 
takes the pail and dumps it out a bedroom window. 

" That's why I stay at the clubhouse,'· he tells me, as he 
straightens the covers of th~ one bed that fills the front room. 
"My mother don't have water here and my sister leave her kids 
off. Mama can't run them outside every time they got to s·-t. " 

I ask him if he wants to do the taping there. 
" Where can we go? Downtown? Where you live. I don't like it 

too much down there, so I stay up here. Right?" 
He flips the tape machine on, rewinding the tape and playing 

back my words. I hear myself telling him to say anything he 
wants. We hear the background noises of children shouting, 
firetrucks , screaming police sirens, the stillness of the empty, 
deserted blocks we walked down. Fifteen minutes of breathing 
ends the tape. N~to leans back on the bed, his boots resting on 
the paisley coverlet. He closes his eyes and puts Ille mike on his 
chest. He clears his throat and sings " Do re mi...testing, 
testing ." 

Outside a dog barks and a woman scrt!ams at a child in 
Spanish. Nato speaks. 

M y name is Nato. I am fifteen years old . I am a member of the Savage Nomads. We are cold·blooded and we don't take no s·· t from nobody . Today I'm talking to the 
world. I am just talking what I want to talk. 

" I been raised in the gangs. Like my brothers were, only 
they' re 'in jail now and one got on junk so my mother said he's 
dead. Gangs are families. Like brothers and sisters all 
together. We rumble cause you have to show blood. Blood is 
strength. In the Bronx there's lots of blood. 

"People say gangs is bad. Not to me. Gangs help each other, 
but we fight if there's static. This is just how we live. School 
don 't mean nothing. They don't teach your head (or jobs and 
living. Eating too. Schools don't teach your head to eat. 

"You ask me who I am. I a m somebody. Down East 139th 
street they say, 'No trouble in stores.' Then they throw you out. 
So maybe we bUm them, Then they gone. We still here. We still 
somebody. 

"This is our count~up here, like a whole world. Everybody 
took the money and went, but the gangs stay . We own all this 
land and all these buildings. If we got money like a country we 
could rule this place like kings. 

"They say gangs will die. They say gangs corne and go. But 
the Savaae Nomads is forever. Even people, like adults, . tip 
their hats to us. Cause we are like polices. 

"Do you remember when we went downtown to your house in 
the winter? There Illked the looks. You know, the prettiness. 
But I don't (eel like me. I feel people don't like me. Like they're 
smelling me and they don't like how I smell. Up here we are all 
in this together. 

(Please lum 10 pale I) 

Fri., ...... 1.71 

NEWS BRIEFS LEARN TO DANCE 
From the Associated Press Join our disco dance club. 

We go dancing weekly! 
----

Worldwide Women's Day 
.Women March Across the Globe 

ss ctlscount wit" student m 
.ao pro ... a_ aow 'IS 
(6 oae·boar I ... oa.) 

(AP) - Chanting" at the dawn of freedom we 
have no freedom," more than 8,000 Iranian 
women, defiantly dressed in Western clothing,. 
paraded through Tehran on International 
Women's Day yesterday to demand 
preservation of their rights under the new 
Islamic regime. 

Some tried to enter the offices of Prime 
Minister Mehdi Bazargan but were dispersed 
when guards fired over their heads . 

In Rome about 10,000 women, many carying 
signs, marched. One sign read : " March 8, 
Women's Day; and the other days? " 

Also in Rome, a group called " Feminist 
Counter·power" claimed responsibility, in a 
leanet found in a phone booth, for recent 
bombing attacks on the offices of two 
gynecologists and an electrical appliance plant 
which, the leaflet claimed . employed 
" proletariat women for sub·standard wages." 
The bombings caused no injuries. 

Classes limited to 30 
students, held at University 

Towne Centre 
and 5700 EI Cajon Blvd . 

Leara tbe lateat Ia 
.treet aad NY baa tie 
fro .. SbaroD Care"', 
oae 01 Saa 01_10'. 

INTERNATIONAL Raat. 

Rebels Near Ugandan Victory advanced classes also available for students with prior hustle experience! 
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) - Tanzanian troops 

and Ugandan rebels racingupa highway toward 
Uganda's capital of Kampala were closing in 
yesterday on a town just 25 miles south of the 
city, Uganda's official radio reported. 

Western diplomats in Nairobi said a battle 
may be shaping up at the town, Mpigi, that could 
decide the fate of Ugandan Presidentldi Amin's 
eight·year rule. 

STATE 
) 

Bilingual 
Education 
In Peril 

SACRAMENTO (AP) - A 
resolution asking Congre!:s to 
eliminate bilingual election 
materials has been app,"oved 
by the state Senate's Elections 
and Reapportionment · Com· 
mittee. 

The committee voted 4-0 
Wednesday to send SR 12 by 
Sen. Bob Wilson, D·La Mesa , to 
the Senate floor . 

Wilson said under federal 
law, 38 California counties had 
to print election materials in 
Spanish and English in 1978. 
San Francisco had to supply 
materials io Chinese as well, 
and Inyo County was required 
to provide oral assistance in an 
unwritten Indian language. 

The cost was nearly $2 
million, Wilson said. • 

He called it insulting to ethnic 
Americans for the government 
to assume they cannot 
comprehend English . He said 
some had told him the Spanish 
translation was in a dialect 
incomprehensible to most 
Californians of Hispanic origin. 

Indian 
.Vigil 
Ended' 
SANTA BARBARA (AP) -A 

nlne-montb,-24-bour .. .., villi. 
by Indian. oppo.ed to 
con.tructlon of a liquefied 
naturl 'II terminal near PoIDt 
Conception baa ended, a 
Ipokesman (or the IncUana aid 
yesterday. 

Lee Dixon, director of the 
Indian Center of Santa 
Barbara, aald that up to 50 
Indians who had been campln, 
at the site since laet May 
packed up and left Wednesday 
afternoon in compliance with a 
Superior Court order . 

The Ugandan broadcast, monitored here, 
was the first confirmation by the beleaguered 
Amin that the invasion force was virtually at the 
doorstep of his capital. 

The radio said Amin - " the conqueror of the 
British Empire and chief of starr of the joint 
services" - was not worried about the situation. 
But he was quoted as exhorting his officers " to 
be the last to leave a military objective and to 
fight until the last man." 

n n r2 r2 CREDIT L!::W 2J LS UN'ION 
SAVINGS 

TO 
. H'. true. 

At University and State Employees Credit Union your savings will earn at least ~ 
per annum more than any bank on comparable fixed term accounts (from 6 months 
to 8 years), and at least .\4% more than those same accounts at your savings and 
loan . The difference Is even greater when you compare our regular savings plan . 

H .... '. TN ........ CHALUNG.: 
If you want your savings to earn more money ... safely and conveniently . .. make the 
wise financial move to your U.S .E. Credit Union . It starts with a quick phone call 
or visit. 

\;:; NCUA 
ON ALL SHARE ACCOUNTS 

UCSD 
3100 Gilman Drive 

La Jolla, Ca. 92037 
PhOn.:W-HZI 

.~ ... ...--.-"--....- - prior to tIIe_ 0111> ... .- period, 'n 1_. U.S.E c..dl Union ........ 
tIIe"'-~"' ''_dMcIond ·· Tho ·· ___ ·· ''d __ ft ... ~ ___ • 

UNIValln AND STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION 
----_. ------



.. ,.,. Fri., ... ch I, 1171 

nger Projec:;t: Starvation Solution •.. 
"As one enrolls in the Project, one 
takes the responsibility for world 
hunger upon oneself ... " 
(c.u_d .......... I) 
million tons are lost because of 
rodents, insects or poor 
storage, 400 million tons are fed 
to animals as feed, and SO-lOG 
million tons are fed to people in 
poor countries, only to be 
consumed by parasites in their 
bodies, the project states. 

malnutrition. Quantity and 
quality of food are the two 
factors lacking in the world's 
food system. One billion people 
do not have enough quantity, 
and 112 billion are malnour-
ished, Johnson continues. UN 
statistics indicate that 450-500 
million are lacking in protein 
worldwide. 

people makin, lots of 
decisions." 

Doris N,uyen, a UCSD 
senior, has taken it upon herself 
to enroll students OD campus 
and communicate the serious 

Gordon. who studied the measures constitute a violation 
project under a JTant from the or IRS laws. Additionally. 
Center ror Investi,ative Gordon believes that with the 
ReportiDi. project. "coDsciousness is 

Her article "Let Them Eat every thin,; distribution of 
eat." appeare'd in the Dec .• 1m wealth and power, nothin,." 

The Hun,er Project threat-
ened Gordon with a libel suit 
last winter, but Subsequently 
dropped the matter. Robert 
Chester, administrative 
director of the project, says it 
was not pursued because the 
"response consrstent to the 
principles of the Hunger 
Project... (would be) not to 
pursue the libel suit. " 

While saying that the article 
described the Hunger Project 
in a "misleading manner, " 
Chester adds that the Project 
can Survive the publicity 
because it will bring about 
increased awareness of the 

' activities in the project. 

The Hunger Project differs 
from traditional monetary 
aid/education approaches to 
ending hunger in that no action 
is undertaken by the group. As 
one enrolls in the Project, one 
takes the responsibility for 
world hunger upon oneself, and 
does whatever one feels will 
make a difference in ending the 
crisis. This can maniCest itself 
in many ways. Some enrollees 
decide that they will help the 
crisis by communicating to 
others the· extent of the 
starvation situation. Others 
may fast at certain times of the 
month. Personal responsibility 
is emphasized; what. form the 
action takes is up to the 
enrollee. 

Enough soybeans, corn, 
wheat, and rice are grown to 
feed the world, so "the lack of 
food ib the world to go 
around is not the prob-
lem," says Johnson. The 
and Australia' have enough 
surplus grain to feed the 

undernourishe~ people; "the 
key is distribution," Johnson 
asserts. 

Gordon's implications of a 
........ "--'.....,~ connection between est and the ~~~~~~~~~~~!!!!!..!!:~~~~:!!!:..!.~~_~ Project are unfounded, he says. 

Is the Project Feasible? 
"Twenty-five percent of the 

world's deaths are infants less 
than one year of age, says 
Willard Johnson, United 
Nations representative in San 
Diego. They are more prone to 
diseases because of their 

Scott Vanderpool, a UCSD 
medical school student, is 
involved in the project because, 
he says, "there are a lot of 
horrible things on this planet 
and hunger doesn't have to be 
one of them." Having seen 
human stlffering at the medical 
school, he feels "hunger is the 
ultimate." 

Choosing the project ' s 
approach over more conven-
tional programs, Vanderpool 
feels that "no one -person or 
program influences the course 
of events, and change may' only 
come about from millions of 

nature of the hunger condition 
as her part of the Hunger 
Project. 

She became involved in the 
Project by learDing of it from 
her est training. 

This training provides "a 
pool of people" who are 
familiar with the project, says 
Nguyen, but not all est 
members are in the project, nor 
must one be in est to be in the 
project. 

est and the Project 
The link between est and the 

Hunger Project has been 
scrutinized by Mother- Jones 
mag·azine contributor Suzanne 

an original, satirical guitarist 
appearing in 

BUILDING 'C' 
THIS FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 

8:00 pm 

~.-" $le25 
.. alway., proceea from th. 

eve.t wiD go to f .... more AS Baah_ -
80 get oat there ..... b.y • ticketf 

issue of Mother Jones. Gordon Dianne Dilaway, a Mother 
contends that the Hunger Jones staff member, says the 
Project is a "thinly veiled feedback from the article has 
recruitment arm for est," and been good, and that" people are 
that ~nrollees are pressured thrilled that (someone) has 
into taking the expensive est taken on the Hunger Pr-oject." 
training . Asserting that the The est Connection . 
Hunger Project has non-profit What are the connections? 
status, and is therefore tax From a legal standpoint, est 
exempt, Gordon says these ( Please turn to page 5) 

"Gordon contends that the Hunger 
Project is a 'thinly veiled recruitment 
arm for est.' " 

' .. 

TV· STEREO 
SERVICE 

QUAUTY WORK - FREE ESTIMATES 

w ...... 

Plyera. ........ == ......... Table T.".... ~: 8 • ..... y. 
c.nt..~IIWI""' .. "" ...... 

100 _II' '13.:50 
DJ q:l1. S7's) 

1CXX) ~IIJ 112'» 
~Jl ~f, one., .... 

offaet printing claMe8 
Inquire 81 Prlnl co-op 

IN>n6oy • Friday, 10am • 3prn 
Studentc .......... 

452-4747 

Pri., M.cb I, 1171 The Guardian ,... 5 -.~=~.::!....:'::":":::~----------"':"':":;=-===~-----------------=--~ 

News wornanca~ 
. .. Or Sustenance For" est? A FEMINIST HEALTH CENTER 

WOMtN'S 
(Con'lnaed fr .... Ne 4) donated money to get the 
and tbe HUDler ·Project are Hunger Project started in 1971, 
separate entities . This is but the administrative director 
acknowledged by both est and of the project says it IlPW stands 
Gordon. The claim that on its own feet. 
coercion is used to force Inspection of the audited 
members of the non-profit financial records of the project 
Hunger Project to join the and est shows several areas in 
profit-making est is the crux of wbich est and the Hunger 
the issue. Project do business with each 

Some est graduates were other. The project makes a 
asked abo~t "coercion." They royalty payment to est for 
make you decide," says Doris Erhard's est ideology. Also, in 
Nguyen. She says she is many cities in the United 
sometimes wary of bringing States which have a Hunger 
friends to Guest Seminars Project office (including Sari 
because of the barrage. But Diego), the "office facilities, 
because the training is "very including office space, 
valuable" to her, she still takes furniture and fixtures , and 
her friends to the Seminars. services of some personnel 

Dan Castrillo, Muir College were donated to the project by 
freshman, says graduates are est," according to the project 
looking for uncertainty in financial statement. There are 
potential recruits: they want to people on the starr of both 
" make you certain." There is - organizations, and est includes 
prellSure put on interested a Hunger Project Seminars 
visitors, to decide "then and Series, from which all proceeds 
there" on the est training, he go to est. 
says. " " Es t, an educa tional 

Financial Ties corporation, is owned by non-
The Hunger Project was profit, charitable foundations 

founded by Werner Erhard, and trusts, and all after-tax 
who also founded est. Est profits g~ to these trusts and 

foundations, says Erhard. At 
lhe conception of est, Erhard 
sold the data of the est training, 
known as the "Body of 
Knowledge," as collateral to 
Welbehagen BV, a non-profit 
Dutch organization that 
provided the initial funds for 
est. Welbehagen BV is in turn 
owned by the Werner Erhard 
Foundation for est, a non-profit 
organization governed by a 
board comprised of est 
Advisory Board members. The 
est Ad v isory Board is 
comprised of est graduates who 
volunteer their time to review 
est policies. 

The est corporation is a 
profit-making business. All 
stock is owned by the Werner 
Erhard Charitable Settlement, 
a non-profit trust. There is also 
an est Foundation, a non·profit 
business, which is supported .by 
est graduates. 

In general, the trusts and 
foundations mentioned are 
capable of giving grants to 
support research and educa-
tional projects related to "the 
ex'perience of individual and 

social transformation," 
according to Erhard . 

Werner Erhard, as spiritual 
leader of the organization 
receives $75,000 annual salary 
from est, an educational 
corporation . In addition, his 
contract provides for use of a 
house-office (the Franklin 
House in San Francisco), its 
furnishings , supplies and food , 
a staff , the use of an 
automobile, a clothing 
allowance , person a l and 
business expenses. including 
travel a nd in s truction a l 
materia ls, health care a nd life 

• PREGNANCY 
sCREENING 

• ABORTION 
• BIRTH CONTROL 
• SELF-HELP 
• WELL WOMAN 

3eBe 4th Avenue 
S.n Diego, CA 821 03 
or cIII: 288-1352 

insura nce benefits. There is no ~iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii:l 
provi s ion for retirem e nt 
benefits. 

Icelandic 
announces 

the best deal 
toEutupe: 

* It's All in How You Look at It-
View Changed Through est Semln~r Detachment 
Est training, begun in 1971, is 

a two-weekend exper.ience 
whose purpose is to "transform 
one's ability to experience 
living so that the situations oile 
has been trying to change or 
has been putting up with clear 
up just in the process of life 
itself," writes Erhard. The 

--training, according to Erhard, 
is to "serve people, to create an 
opportunity for peopl~ to 
experience transformation, 
enlightenment, satisfaction 
and well being in their lives." 

The training, which costs 
$3SO, is offered in 26 U.S. cities. 
including San Diego . It 
propounds the philosophy that 
one's life has two factors, the 
content or circumstances of 
one 's life, and the- context -
how one holds and deals with 
these circumstances. Est 
doesn't claim to change the 
content of one's life, only the 
context. 

Est takes place in ballrooms 
containing around 300 people. It 
begins at 9 am and ends near 
midnight. Bathroom breaks 
are available about every (our 
hours , including one meal 
break . 

One of nine trainers 
pc rsonally trained by Erhard 
presents data for most of each 
day . The interaction in est is 
between the trainer and the 
people. not amongst the people 
themselves. Quesllons about 

the data are encouraged, 
according to est officials. 

"Processes" are an integral 
pc;lrtion of 'the est training .- A 
process is an analytic. 
detached investigation of an 
action or attribute, says Bob 
Livingston, a neuroscientist at 
UCSD medical school. 

Livingston went through est 
training for personal interests. 
His impressions of the est 
training are good, but with 
reservations . "The group 
process is powerful ," he says, 
and the est training provides 
" an opportunity to u e imagery 
to solve problems." 

Livingston feels that est is 
"Iess circuitous " rhan 
conventional psychiatt'y and 
found that 'he "had hangups 
which he wasn't aware of. " 
With the aid of the training, he 
says he can sort out and analyze 
his responses to external 
stimuli , using "reflective 
imagery." 

Livingston describes the est 
training as an examination, 
confrontation and resolution of 
.. acts" 0 r respon ses to 
·circumstances. With the use of 
analysis and confrontation , the 
barrier (or unwanted 
response) disappears. 

The "hazing" process used 
initially in est tl'aining to rid 
subjects of preconceptions is 
offensive to Livingston , <Jnd hc 
questions the need for the 

DELIVERY DRIVERS 
NEEDED 

mUlt have own vehicle 

GooDINCO •• 1 
C.1I4S4-7232 

lelve name & number 

psychological jolt to introduce 
new attitudes. Dan Castrillo, 
freshman at Muir College, who 
just re-exp~rienced the est 
training, says the "trainer 
wouldn't stop screaming." The 
process, wh ich lasts th ree of the 
four days of training is 
,. designed to get you out of your 
head," according to Castrillo. 

Overall, Livingston says he 
"can take est at face value : " It 
can create widespread 
attitudes . and make a big 
,difference." He cited the battle 
a gainst Polio ea rlier in this 
century a s being greatly a ided 
by the attitude change from 
thinking the crippling disease 
an inevitable part of life to the 
belief that it could b e 
conquered . " If there is a 
change in context, it may be 
going mOl'e directly than a 
conventional method whi c h 
bites a t the edges ," he says. 

"The purpose of est is to 
disappear ... Ultimately. it will 
not exist , as people will be 
t ran s for me dan d' s h a r e 
transformation." says Cas-
trillo. He ays of the training, 
"it basically is nothing -
actual nothing." 

I See your tm el agenL Or write Dept. # __ • Icelandic 
I Airlines. 6 Easl Monroe St. . Chicago. IUinois 60603. Or caD toll free 80().223-5390. 
I Pleue send .... : 0 A time~ of lcelandic's figJlls from 
I Chicago. New Yoill and BaltinorelWashlngton. 0 Your brochure on EuropeM1 Fly/Drive and Fly/Rail Tours. I NAME _____________ _ 
I ADDRESS I ---------------------I CITY ____________ :~A~ ___ __ 

: ICELANDIC 
I 25 yean 01 low air fares to Europe. 

~------~----------~ 
"Price elfective ApriIISlhru May 14 and 0IIbject to dlange . 

r------~-----------------------------------I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 

DELI 
P.evelle Dell 
Muir FIve and Dime 
Third Snack Oor 
Worre-n Snack Oor 

~11e Coffee Hut 
Winzer Commons 
S.l.O. 

- $5.528 
- $15.056 

- $10&.529 
- $19.050 

-$7.~ 
- $60.185 
- $1:),753 

the ASUCSD 
Deli Def,icit® 

QAMEf 
• DIRECnONS: Dr_ horizon'" line. conMCtlng the ocr to I 
• ... 1Ing deficit. Clp 1M Dell-Dendt 0 ..... Ind ..... d " In ,to 0-005, 107 I 

. I M ....... C8mpuI. Winners will beeho..., by the Chancellor Ind lit decltlons I 
• •• " .... Appro.lma"'y $50.000 In vending machine prtze money could be I I dlatrlbuted to the .tuellnt body n .. t yeart Send your Dell-Dendt Game In ; 
• ~, I --------~----------------------------------



Fri., ,.... I, 1171 

s 

Sturte'nts Who Took a Break Unite 
By Kadl)' Huffer 
Selder!1&an Wrker 

Re-entry UCSD students 
formed an organization several 
weeks ago to "provide a bridge 
between ourselves ·and · the 
traditional enrollment ," 
according to Susan Carlson, 
acting chairwoman of the 
group. 

The organization, called "Re-

entry, " was developed for 
students who have interrupted 
their education and sub-
sequently retl!med to school. 

According to Carlson, the 
formation of the organization is 
the result of "a really good 
turnout" at an older students' 
reception sponsored by OASIS 
and the four college Deans last 
month . 

Cafeteria Manager 
Arrested for Theft 

By Vidya Tolani he was arrested, is presently on 
stan Writer " investigatory leave" Cor 15 

Willie Johnson, Warren days . Brian Klippel , campus 
Cafeteria Senior Food Service Food Services Coordinator, 
Manager, was arrested two said that this would allow "time 
weeks ago on one count of to determine iC the allegations 
burglary and one count oC petty are true," and what to do about 
theft. them if they are. 

Johnson was charged with Klippel , who is conducting an 
possession of "ce rtain investigation on Johnson with 
properties belonging to the Larry Barrett , Director of 
University of California, " Auxiliary Enterprises , said 
according to Rick Sanchez of that he does not " envision 
the UCSD Police, who arrested extending Johnson 's leave," 
Johnson. Sanchez reported that but added that he had not 
Johnson was allegedly found ' completed his investigation. 
with "miscellaneous food Johnson, who has been with 
items, " from the University. the Food Services for three 

Johnson, who was booked and years, has been temporarily 
released on the ame day that replaced by Sara Walker. 

ASIS ANNOUNCES 
(2) Writing Adjuncl Classes: Tuesday & Thursday - 11 :00 am 
(4) Revelle Assignment Brainstorms will be offered in small group classes 
by Professor: 
Chodorow - lIB - Monday 9:00 am JackSJn - 12B - Thursday 9:00 am 

W~r1d\( - lIB - Tuesday 9:00 am Pippin - 128 - Friday 9:00 am 
(1) Upper Division Writing Adjunct: Wednesday 10:00 am 
Regularly scheduled conferences are available every aHernoon from 
12:30-4:00 pm and can be signed up for in the OASIS Writing Center. 
Drop-ins are generally available by making an apPOintment on the day of 
the drop-in either by phone or sign up sheet at the Center. 
First come Ilrst serve droa-in hours are: 
Monday 1·4 pm ' Tuesday 9-12 noon Friday 1·4 pm 
for more Info, call 452.2284 

THE FUNNIEST 
WINNER OF THE YEAR! 

COLUMBIA PICTURES Pfl£SEN1S 
_ STqPHEN FRIEDMAN I KINGS ROAD PIlOOUCflON 

I GABlln KAPlAN " (A~T BIUK 
ASSOCIATE PM!lUC(R ElECUTM PAOOOCER 
J~tK GROSSBERG ·GERALD FRANKEL 

SCREINf'lAY BY STOIIY BY 

SANDOR STERN · MARC KAPLAN . 
I DIRECTED BY ~ - "'PIIOOIJC<O Ill' 

JACK SMIGHT . STEPHEN FRIEDMAN 
• UUSIC BY 

D vlo SHIRE AND JAMES Oi PASQUALE 
Ii _ ... _-- ORIGINAL SOUND1RACK ON A v:.. __ .________ MOTOWN RECORDS AND TAPES ~ 

01 "9'Coh1t1'1be1 PCIUteS tnOl4w ... Inc: I ReAO THE BALLANTINE PAPERB,.,CK I 
Cenler ~ 
Times: 
12.30 230, 
4'15. 615 
815, 10'15 ~ ~ 
U.TC Times m:::.'~"'~l"''!i!''~~' 1245 3 OS. UilMRSlTYTOWII[ 
5.30. 7 35. UNTRf .~.7lK 
1 0 15 'In lA .. ., ""-LtM .... 

3rd WEEK 
Parkway 

... ____ -. lImes 
Parkway :- 1230. 230. 430. 630. 
" .. _ ... _· .... '100 8 30. 1030 

Because the students ., all 
said they felt alienated" at 
UCSD, Carlson explained, they 
decided to form an organization 
to provide more campus 
interaction and companion-
ship. 

Next Monday the organi-
zation will open an office "to 
serve as a comm 'unity 
center ... and to have someplace 
whf're they can go," remarked 
Carlson. Located in a Revelle 
conference room next to the Ice 

Cream Hustler, the otrice will 
be staffed by student 
volun teers , accord ing to 
Carlson. 

The ofnce will be .. an open 
center ... to let people come to 
us" to express their needs, 
interests, and hopes for the re-
entry organization, Carbon 
said. To be open on weekdays 
from 11 am to 3 pm, the office is 
in need of additional starr 
volunteers, she added.' 

Organization members 

drafted a constitution and 
submitted it to the AS several 
weeks ago, according to 
Carlson. If approved as a 
campus organization, she said, 
they will then present the AS 
with a budget proposal. 

Although the group's 
programs "aren't really 
developed yet, " Carlson 
commented, they hope to 
sponsor speakers "Crom the 
business world." 

Gangs -Give 'Respect' 
Not Like the One on TV, But It's Still a World 

"I just carry a .32 automatic. 1 got my 
first" piece when 1 was twelve." 
(Continued from page 2) 

"Some people could leave but 
they don't cause people is real 
and they stick together. I know 
there's another world like the 
on on T.V. But this is a world, 
too. 

" If you write gang things 
people will think we just party 
and I·umble. But mo t1y we 
make families with real 
weddings. Some girls get down 
with every dude , but really we 
believe in families. 

':My mother don' t want me in 
no gang. But her~ you have to 
be. Everybody beat on you if 
you not a member. Gan~s is 
protection. When I we <'- my 

NOW SHOWING AT 

colors I get respect. Since I 
been eleven I been in gangs. 
First just one small one named 
the Masked Marauders. Just 
four o[ us. We control Tif(any 
Street. We do crib job to make 
some change. Taking oCf old 
ladies and kids . But that's jive 
time and other gangs would 
take us off if we tep out of our 
territory. 

"Up here everybody packs. 1 
don 't carry heavy hardware 
like a .45. Too much kick with 
th'lt sucker. Too much like a 
rifle. 1 just carry a .32 
automatic. I got my first piece 
when I was twelve. I stole it off 
a jun_kie. That's when my 

~\L< 
FLOWER • CINEMA 3 

A UNIVERSAL P1GUfl.E • TECHNICOLOf\' 

Evenings 6: 1 0 & 8:50 
Sat/Sun Matinees 12:45 
3:35 

See our full schedule on p. 12 

friend, Frankie, got hit over on 
Melrose Avenue. Two dudes 
just took him ofe. They aid he 
stole their dog. It weren 't true 
but they pumped him in the 
face. ' 

" I walked across the George 
Washington Bridge that day : 
This white toll man said get off 
the bridge. I shot at him twice. 
They never wrote down one 
word in the papers but I shot at 
him twice. 

" I wanted to get away that 
day . My mother told me my 
father lives in Jersey . I wa 
going to see him. Maybe he had 
some money for me. I didn't 
find him so Ijust walked around 
in those big parks over there. 

"That's when I joined the 
Savage Nomads . Big Man took 
me in. He speaks like a law 
thinker does cause he done 
heavy time. He don't want the 
gangs to fight and he don 't let no 
cliques fight. He.says-that white 
people want us to fight each 
other then they don 't have . to 
deal with us . 

"You talk with Big Man and 
he scares you like something 
bad . That 's the prison eyes he 

(Please turn to pag~ 13) 

Bruin 
(Con&inued from pale 1) 
Eglash. Hennessy was 
unavailable Cor comment. 

Mario Rosas, vice-president 
of the Chicano Management 
Students Association , called 
the protest "peaceful" and is 
"satisfied with the retraction" 
made by the Bruin . 

Rosas remarked that 
" insensitivity has been a 
problem with minorities in 
general" with the newspaper 
for several years. In regard to a 
Mexican caricature that 
triggered a student protest la t 
quarter, he said that Eglash 
"profusely stated that nothjng ' 
like this would happen again." 

As a result of the recent 
protest, UCLA's Communi-
cations Board called an urgent 
meeting last week to discuss 
methods of preventing future 
incidents such as last week's. 

According to Rosas, the 
Board made several proposals 
which will soon be voted upon. 
One proposal, he said, calls for 
the esta blishment of a B.ruin 
minority affairs editor, while 
another deals with punitive 
actions toward the Editor-in-
Chief of a publication and 
writer of an article which is 
tletermined to be racist in 
content. 

Eglnsh remarked that 
governmental control of the 
Bruln's publications would be 
"extremely dangerous poli-
tically " und would "be like 
witch-hunting. " 

Fri., M.,.ch e. 1979 The Guardian 
-

. Arts 
----------- -

BoomtQwn Rats Land on SD Shores 
"~' Harry O\lfonso ' 

Last week San Diego was 
chosen as the starting point of 
the Rat Invasion. Columbia 
Ret'Ords might've selected our 
town as the first stop (or the 
Boomtown Rats on their' debut 
American tour because o( its 
strategic location or its 
rClu'esentative population . 
Whatever the rationale, the six 
young I.-ishmen who make up 
the bund were glad to be here. 
" I never thought I'd ever be in 
San Diego siuing in the sun in 
the middle of the winter," said 
keyboardist Johnny Fingers as 
he lounged on a poolside 
deckchair at the Sheraton Inn-
Harbor Island Hotel. Pleased 
with the response of the crowd 
at their Roxy Theater show the 
previous night , the Rats were in 
fine spirits as they relaxed 
before beuding back to the 
theater for lheir final 
performance here. 

Swift Rise of Irish Six Credited to Stage Show; 
Roxy Reception May Mean US Ready for 'Rat Sound' 

exp ct at the concert of a 
ve teran group. The com- _ 
po lUon of tlie crowd was 
intere ling - eve ry music 
scene type from the new wave 
[an decked out in leather and 
tac ky leOI)a rdskin to the aging 
hippie. in denim was repre-
sented. When the Boomtown 
Rats finall y a ppeared on stage 
the audience in the first dozen 
rows <:ame to it feet en masse, 
greeting their new-fou nd 
heroes with whistles and 
cheers. 

Onceestllblishcd, though, the 
Boomtown Rats worked hard to 
build a , career, scurrying 
acrOS8 the British Isles from 
gig to gig, eventually recording 
their'music and scoring a serie 
of hits. Now the Rats have 
taken their brand of hard-
driving rock and roll across the 
sea· and to the American public, 

Al'e wc ready? 
Judging by the reception the 

Roxy crowd gave them at their 
closing show Februa ry 28th, the 
USA may be downright 
desperate for th Rat Sound. 
While the fact thut Columbiu 
hud given them a major 
publicity !lush locally and 
offered the concert tickets fOI' 

only $2.00 cer ta inl y had 
something to do with it. the 
large turnout for th final Rats 
performance was still sur-
prising conSidering the b,md 
wa all but unknown here a 
month ago. The se nse of 
antici!lution that filled the 
theatel' before thc show wa 
unusually high. what you would 

If the Boomtown Rats take 
their good (ortune in stride, it's 
probably because their rise to 
s uccess in Britain was 
remarkably swift. When the 
band formed ubout three years 
ago the collective professional 
cxperience of its members was 
ju t about nil. "We were clo et 
music.ia ns , -s itting in the 
bedroom strumming on 
guita l's .·· drummer Simon 
CI'owe recalled. " We really 
couldn't play , so wc made up 
for it with ah impressive stage 
·how." The Rats. guitarist 
Gerry Cott cluimed, came 
together out of boredom _ 
" Most of us had menial day 
jobs, We just got together for 
something to do." 

Guardian 
Balboa, 4th and E (233-3326) 

The Warriors , Rollerball , and SuperCly 

Guild, 3827 5th, Hillcrest (295-2000) 
Autumn Sonata 

Night of the Living Dead , 3/9 midnight 
Eraserhead, 3110 midnight 

Cove , 7730 Girard, La Jolla (459-5404) 
Bread and Chocolate 

Fin Arts 1818 Garnet , PaCific Beach (274-
4000) 

" M idnight Eye-opening Movies," 3/ 10 
midnight 

Loma, 3150 Rosecrans (224-3344) 
Superman 

Pacific Drive In , 4860 Mission Bay 01' . 
(274-1400) 
Take Down and Heaven Can Wait 

Sports Arena ixplex , 3350 Sports Arena Blvd. 
(223-5333) 
Theater I : In Praise of Older Women 
Theater 2: The Glacier Fox , from 3/9 
Tileater 3: Ice Castles 
Th ater4: Heaven Can Wail 
Theater 5: Every Which Way But Loo I' 
Theater 6: Th Warrior . 

Strand . 4950 ewport, Ocean B '<J ch 
(223-3141) 

ight of the Living 0 Ol d . Suspirlu, a nd The 
M .. lOitou , 

.. .. 'i\'c 'upcr /lours of Reatle 10vies." 3i9 
und 10 

Juli ... and The Lady unish 'S . 3/ 11 
De'llh Oil th il and Iurdt'r on til(' Om'nl 
I'..x press . 3/12 and 13 

Pl ay it Again Silll1 a nd (,,1 sa bla l1t'iI , 3114 
alld 15 

Unicorn , 7454 La Jolla Blvd ., La Jolla 
4341) 
The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick 
and Les Zows 

Clairemont , 4140 Clairmont Mesa (274-0901) 
Theater 1: The North Avenue Irregulars 
Thea ter 2: Invasion of the Body Snatchers 
and Invasion from Space 

Mira Mesa Cinemas, 8118 Mira Mesa Blvd. (566-l9l2) 
Theater 1: Star Cra h and Grand Theft Auto 
Theater 2: Invasion of the Body Sna tchers 
a nd Coma 

Theater 3: In Prai of Older Women and 
The Choirboys 

Theater 4: Five Days from Hom . from 3/ 9 
Un.ivel'sity Towne Centre 6, 4525 La J olla 
VIllage Dr . (452-7766) 
Theater t : The Glacier Fox, from 3/9 
Tbeater 2: The Warrior 
Theater 3: Fa t Brea k 
Theater 4: Heuven Can \ (l it 
Theater 5: Ice Custlc 
Theater 6: Murder by Deer e. from 3/9 

Center 3 inemas. 2120 Cami no d I Rio orlh 
(297-1888) 
Theater 1: Movie Movie 
Thcatel' 2: The Brink' . ,Job Hnd The Big ~'ix 
Th :Her 3: iurder by Decrec, from 3/9 

incma 21. 1140 Hote~ ir' le ol'th (291-2121) 
Closed temporari ly 

Fashion Valh'.\'4. II0F ash iol1 Valley (29 1-44o.tl 
TI1l'alcr I : a III , TlInc, cxt Y C~II' 
Tllt'alt'!' 2. '<1 111(, TIIll' 't' '\t \' 1'.1" 
Thc<l tcr 3: ('a l ifn~'::~ ~uitl' -, 
Th<.:.::t" i' .1 : utiollal Lampooll'. Animal 
II OUSt' 

Thc R<1 ts had emphasized in 
our conversation earlier that 
day how important their live 
pcl'form<1nces were to their 
mu ic - while on record the 
band is reasonably energetic, 
thcir ulbum cunnot capture 
their highly polished theatric . 
Lead singer Bob Geldof is a 
natural frontman, thoroughly 
versed in all the classic rock 
tar ·tage moves (though when 

1 asked him after the show 
'Ibout his influences he became 
indignant at the sugge tion thm 
he imit<1ted anybody) . He 
da hed about the mall Roxy 
stage like his band 's vermin 
name ake, exhorting the crowd 
to dance .. lOd participute in the 
show . Though the group 
disavow a punk rock label. 
Geldof presented him elf a a 
rebel against the rock 
establishment that night . 
delivering co ndemnation of 
Rolling Slone m agazine 
(intel'estingly, he is a former 
rock critic himself) and the 
state of American rudio. His 
ability to stir the crowd's 
enthusia m was especially 

(Please turn to page 10) 

Guide 
Valley Cirt!le, 

(297-3931) 
Days of Heaven 

Center West 

Cinerama, 5889 University Ave . (583-6201 ) 
Ha l'dcore 

College, 6303 El Cajon Blvd. (286-1455) 
Theater 1: The Glacier Fox, from 3/ 9 
Theate!' 2: In Praise of Older Women 
Theater 3: Richard Pryor 
Theater 4: The Great Train Robbery 

Ken , 4061 Adams Ave. (283-5909) 
Sleeper, Everything You Alway Wanted to 

Know About ex. a nd Ba nanas , 3/9 and to 
Dona Flor and Her Two Hu bands and 
Sedu cd and Abandoned. 3/11 t1H'ough 13 

On the Waterfront a nd The Wild One. 
3114 and 15 

tate. 4712 E I Cajon Blvd. (284-1428) 
tar Crash and Five Day from Home 

Flow r Hill int'mas, 2630 Via de la Valle. Del 
Mar (755,5511) 
Th ater I' E,·cI'Y Which Way But Loo e 
Th atel' 2: Th \Viz 
Thl'!-,lcr 3: R iehal'd Pryor 
Villl'~ a nI T\I'in Cincma . 1529-22 East Valley 

l'ark\I<I~. ":"condido (74:1-1222 . 
TIl('at '1'1 : arne Time, ext Y ,~a r 
Th <.Iter 2: F;.I t Breuk 

<:i!H'I1I<l PlaIa Thl'all'f':>, 2.31l!S.!::l ' .I lUI 1141 1 I (arl ·b .. d 1729.71 ,." +', 
"'1 .... 'TII 
I IIt'atel' I: up 'rman 
1'1leal('I' 2' TIll' Gn, .. 1 Tralll Hoblwl'\ 
Thl',l\('r 3: T<lkt' I)own • 
Thl'all' l' 4 • alllt' TillH' . l'xt"\ (',n' 
Tht'oIlel';1 Till' 01'1 h .\\1'1111(' II'rl'gul.ll'>-



The Guardian 

M sic Hath Charms ... ... In 10 Tones 
for peer criti quin g and friendly. They like each other basis , the group s ing s 30 will be heard. as well as 
feedback are included in what and that's good." primarily classical compo- musicul elections Crom th~ 
Turetzky describes as the The chamber music en- ilions. The stud e nts are concert choir, also dir(>cted by 

oCfers a "several levels of activity semble plans to perform its auditioned and a previous Gabel. 
pleasant ve to the going on ." first concert for this year background in the subject is " It is the mo t acce sible 
normal academic load. Its ten "We also have encounter sometime during the spring necessary. All majors from ali means to perform music," 
performarlce ensembles are a sessions where the students get quarter. While the group has collcgcs are welcome to join. stated Gabel of his concert 
strong indication that the used to communicating with never done so in its ten-year " It's a small group where choir, which is offered on 
university is breaking out of its each other and to lessen esta bl ish men tat U CS D, everyone is expo ed to the Tuesdays and Thursdays from 
science-oriented mold . stress ," he continued. Turctzky likes ';the idea of music ," said Gabel. " The 4:00 to 6: 00 pm inB-210. " The 

The resonant surroundings of "Performing in class provides performing orr campus at, for pre'ssure is on them to perform students receive an education 
Mandeville's B-210 provide the an outlet for them to feel good example, a retirement home. " realiy well. " that is difficult to get in a 
setting for Bert Turetsky's about themselves ." The sounds of Count Basie, Thc c h a mber si ngers' regular cour ." 
chamber music ensemble , The students must know how Duke Ellington , Rogers and · fifteenth eason of programs The fifteen-year-old group 
which meets on Tuesday from to play their instruments before Hart, Thad Jones, and Stan bftgan with a Christmas musi c fluctuatcs in size from 56 to 100 
2: 00 to 4: 00 pm. Consisting of a they can take the course and Kenton come alive in the form festival in Balboa Park. The members. Presently . there a re 
total of twelve students (the enrollment is det rmined via of James Cheatham's jazz group was also a participant in 75 voice . The mus ic sung 
smallest enrollment for thi auditions. Singers, as weli as ensemble . Offered Tuesday the Ameri c an So c iety of range from th e cia s ica l 
year) , it performs composi- musicians, are welcome, and from 7: 00 to 10: 00 pm at University Compo er' 14th selections of Rena i sance to the 
lions from the Baroque , the class is open to a ll major Mandeville's B-202 , the class i Annual Conference. Held this lighter pieces of folk . Although 
classi cal , Renai ssance a nd and colleges , although music composed of 33 members, from year at UCSD from Februa ry 28 the ludent have uuditions, the 
romantic periods. Coaching the students are preferred. all colleges and majors plus an to March 4. its Ma rch I concert c I ass h as n o r e qui r e d 
duo, trios, <l nd qu a rte t · " It ' s a well -functioning additional40who, asCheatham wassharedby theconcertehoir l)rCr'equisiles. However , bas ic 
formed within the group a nd clas ," uid Turetzky. " The remark. " reel free to sit in. ,. a nd SO AR . Out ide pe r- music ·kill . such u sight-
solo din frontofthecl a s students are informal While attention is focused formances we re played at the reading, ure, in Gubel's words, L..:"~~~~~~~~~~~:....L":::"::':~:':":"::::'-'::;"=--';":':'::"::":"=:":"--=':":~ upon blues music from the 1920s local junior colleges and other " nice to ha ve a a back-

to the present, the group~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ schocls . The ensembl~s las t ground." 

the Plebian 
Contemporary Jewelry 
Gold and Silver Repairs 

Engraving 

834 kline street 
La JaI., CA 

in 

454-1_ 

selections do not reflect any 'jazz ensemble. The students of. Cha(fey Jazz as "a typica I conductor / performanc for the winter " The choir is structured such 
specific era. any major or coll ege are Chaffey College in Al ta ensemble situation," the group quarter is on March 15 at the th at it is open to a nyone 

"As far as I 'm concerned, subject to auditions where, California and a trip to plays traditional and sym- Mandeville Recita l Hall. Eric wanting to sing has the option of 
everything is contempo rary," accordi ng to Cheatham , "the College. A reciprocal phonic band pieces. Knowledge Stokes' When This You See, being in it," he continued. 
said Cheatham. "We strive on music is ,the judge of the mance at Crawford a in playing a wi nd instrumentis Re member Me (dedicated to "Everyone comes up with some 
looking at jazz on a universal player." concerts on the mandatory and a ud itions UCSD's music professor/con- kind of reward ." 
level. Students are encouraged Now into its fifth year, the conclude the jazz .. n.'o..... determine enrollment into the ductor Thomas Nee), William The concert choir has at least 
to a rrange and compose. group has graced the grounds list of events. c lass. Averitt's 0 Voc Omnes, and one performance per quarter. 
They ' re given' exposure to of UCSD with a concert last UCSD has added anothe~. " It 's difficult to start a group L,-K.:...r.:...z::,.ys:.:z.:...t.:.,:of:....::..P..:e.:...nd.::.e:.:r..:e..:c.:.:k.:...i'.::.s..:P..:s::a::.lm=-L..:.It:.,:a:::,:· l:.:::s::::o~s~~~~~~~~---1 
basically principles dealing quarter and a combined effort musical dimension , (> ... 11101.... of this kind where no group has " 
with the jazz idiom. They learn with Crawford High School's - Ed Yadzinsky's w existed previously," he ·sta ted. 
to ~t the umbilical cords and jazz ensemble, directed by semble. Established The wind ensemble's debut 
col)le to grips with being able to Joseph Gyetvai. Cheatham and quarter Cor Thursd concert is scheduled for April 
standontheirowntwoCeetand his students have also 7: 00tol0: 00pminB 20. Held at the Mandeville 
express themselves without the performed at the,City College members are not Center, the 8: 00 pm program 
(ear of expres~ng." Theater on February 26 and students alone, but will include Vaughn-Williams' 

Like the chamber music Torrey Pines High School on individuals (rom the local Folksong Suite , Leonard 
ensemble , previous musical January 12 and March 8. schools, colleges, COlmm_ Bernstein's Candide, and 

is for the scheduled are and even doctors from Walt.er H artley ' s Double 
Institute. Concerto for Saxophone and 

JOIN 001 PWDI Of SlJPII STAIS IN 1111 POLYNII!IW'IIOOII 

Fri.-Sun ., Mar. 9- 11 
An "ve ... i,,!! of comedy With 

* JAMIE FARR 
(UKII.nger" from M.A.S.H.) 

and special guests Alpert & Sheene 
Acoustic vocal comedy duo, 

with M.C. Larry Himmel 

Thurs.-Sun .• Mar. 15-18 

* FREDDIE HUBBARD 
Monday. March 19- 0ne night only 

*MAX ROACH 

"There are many Tuba. 
pants outside the school Songs with as many as 
work with the group," twelve, sixteen, and twenty-
Yadzrnsky. . 'Anyone fiye vocal parts await the 
participate who w ixteen members of Gera ld 
simply play music." Ga bel'S chamber singers . 

Characterized Meeti on a to-be-a r~,., rl(1"rI 

Gaps 
In'C 

Between the " war babies" 
"older generat ion" was 
relatively small group of 
bridged the strident "generati 
so famous in the early days of 
roll. Paul Winter was born 
" silent generation" and has 
idea of bridging gaps 
cultures , peoples , 
musics a reality - and the main 
of his work. 

It constantly recurs: the 
"consorting" with Bach and 
Consort itself: the "common 

idged 
sort' 

year, ma ny on college campuses , plus 
such benefit performances as "Whale 
Day" for Jerry-Brown in Sacramento, 
the International Conference o( The 
World Wildlife Fund , and "Japan' 
Celebrates The Whale and Dolphin." 

The Consort will appear with mime 
Keith Berger in " Sound and Silence" 
in th e Mandeville Auditorium . 
Saturday, March 10 at 8: 00. Ticket 
are $4 .00 for UCSD students a nd $5.00 
fo r th e general public, available at the 

box office. 

What can't 
you do? 

$1.25 . 
.~ Mendevili. Aud • 7 & 1:30 pm -'0 

~ UNIVERSITY EVENTS OFFICE ~ 

'Bound and Silence' 
rare musical experience 

Tu4Hday, March 2O- 8ack by popular demand 
Capitol Recording Artists 

*THE KNACK 

of ethnic/classical / rock/jazz 
the musical " town meeting, 
bringing together of audience 
pe.rformers in the Con 
homemade workshops: a nd the 
on the musical/ecological 
between man and end a 
mamma l in bene(it conce 
wolves, whales, and dolphins. 

This is the time to osk yourself. Because at Northrop. whatever your f ield of interest. 
of educat ion: we probably need you. 

'Ev e should be able '. enjoy and be touched 
the Paul Winter Con SOl , ' - Crawdaddy 

"(Keith Berier is) a mime, and a damn good one 
Voice 

March 10, Saturday 8:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium 
UeSD St!!dents $4.00, G.A. $5.00 
UCSD Box Office 452-4559 

Thursday, March 22-One night only 

* ROBERT HUNTER 
lyricist from ''The Grateful Dead" 

Fri.-Sun Mar. 23-26 
the 

* CRUSADERS 
with Joe Sample 

Thu, •. - Sun., Mar. 29- Apo. 1 

* HUGH MASEKELA 

AT~ ~ t ~,.."., ~ ,. ~,., 
HOTEL. RESTAURANT 

_ ............ , lin DIIaD.. CIIIomII_'1I1 
.....t ... II ".... 10 .. , .. TiCKiYiIIi'oun.na. ........ , 

Recruiting an extraordi 
talented and diverse 
musicians , Paul founded the 
Consort" in 1967, recording 
albums for A&M: The WI,nIPr (;OI 
Something In The Wind, 
1971, George Martin, nrfvil1l('f!r 
Beatie's records, recorded 
1974, the Paul Winter Consort 
a 100th birthday present 
memory of America's 
composer, performing 
Ives Show" on Ives ' COltnectl<!U1 
lawn - a few miles from 
own home - taking it to 
Center ("The greatest show 

Northrop .s much more than lust plones. II's on employer that's behind you all 
the way. helping you to grow and encouroging your contributions. And we offer 
opportUnities '" on exci ting vari ety of vocat ions. inc luding 0 WIde range of Aircraft 
disciplines : Monufoctur ing .. . odvonced Avlo ... ics .. . Engineering . Also. Finonce ... Accounllng ... 
and Doto Processing. 
Alongside some of the top professionol. in the Industry. you'll face a future charged With 
challenge and dynamic growth. And ot Northrop, thot future con be - you can be - whotaver 
you put your mind to. 

WE WILL BE ON CAMPUS MARCH 12, 1979 
CONTACT YOUR PLACEMENT OFFICER TODAY! 

Equal Opportunily Employer MlF 

NORTHROP 
OFF with this ad I The Washington Po t) , and points west. The Con ort Making advanced technology work. 



Fri., MIWCII I, 1179 

Flawed 'Equus' 
Still Fascinates 
With Play's Soul 

Kevin Tighe (L) as Dr. Dysart and Randall B. James (R) as Alan Strang in tbeTony award· winning 
drama " Equus" now playin2 through March 25 al the Spreckels Theatre. 

D/\'N~ E 
' To 

8 y Jill LoUise Uazeley 
f"nnlrlbllllnl![ "',lI tM 

Equus. Il a ppeared first in 
London a nd soon after on 
Broadway. I remember, from 
that time, which was 1974, 
having a fearful fasci nation 
with the p lay which went by the 
name of Equus. 

A production is now being 
!taged a t The Old G lobe 
Theatre - a nawe d E quus. but 
a n Equus which de picts the 
fr ighte ning p roportions of 
passion and dispassion that are 
the soul-st ructure of the play. 

Most people proba bly have a 
rough id ea of the story. Some 
m ight say the play is about a 
schizophrenic 17-year-old boy 
who blinds six horses with a 
hoof pick. But that is only the 
circumstance. Equus is about 
religion and gods and passion -
the opiate of the masses that 
makes some of us insanely 
normal and others of us merely 
insane. E quus is the con-
frontation among Karl Marx. 
Church of England compla-NEfTU,1 "I JUST LOVED THIS MOVIE!" 

- Judith Crist 

MARC"- 9 ~lQ~9p.M~ lAM. 
Al>MI*,'cN ,.;Z!jg Ai 000Ii!. 

%u ,!fIlST B; AT LMsr 17 9'~ dlJ) 
.;vO 4L{!()IIt1L PLEA?E( 
SURFfTURF 

ReCReATION CeN-reR I 
15555 TURF RD. 

DEL MAR 
481-024:2-

fwe'RE ~TED ~U!l.T EAST OF 
\ THE RAtE1"~-Netr ToI:-

"BEST 
FOREIGN FILM 
OF THEYEARI " 
- A,chel' W,n.' .... N V Post 

INTRODUCING THE 

Showtimes: 
7:00 and 9:00 pm weeknights 
2:30, 4:30. 7:00 and 9:00 pm 
Sunda ys 

ASSOCIATED STUDENTS INTERNSHIP OFFICE 
FEATURING 

ACADEMIC INTERNSHIPS FOR SPRING AND SUMMER QUARTER 
WITH MEMBERS OF THE SAN DIEGO CITY COUNCIL 

. , 

BILL MITCHELL - REPRESENTING THE U.C.S.D. COMMUNITY, LA JOLLA, 
MIRA MESA, UNIVERSITY CITY & DEL MAR HEIGHTS 

BILL LOWERY - EAST SAN DIEGO, KENSINGTON & NORMAL HEIGHTS 
LEON WILLIAMS - SOUTHEAST SAN DIEGO 
FRED SCHNAUBEL T - KEARNY MESA & MISSION VALLEY 
TOM G DE - (DEPUTY MAYOR) PACIFIC BEACH, MISSION BEACH, SOUTH 

CLAtREMONT & OCEAN BEACH 
LUCY rdLLEA - DOWNTOWN SAN DIEGO, GOLDEN HILLS, BALBOA PARK, 

HILLCREST, OTAY MESA & SAN YSIDRO 
. 

1.-..____ _ _ _--:-____ _ 
• OTHER INTERNSHIPS- POSSIBLE WITH COUNTY BOARD OF 

SUP VISORS & DEL MAR CITY COUNCIL. 
• STU~ENTS FROM ALL FOUR COLLEGES CAN EARN ACADEMIC 

CREqlT THROUGH THE WARREN COLLEGE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM. 
· ·INTERNSHIP COORDINATOR POSITION ALSO OPEN. 
• PICK UP APPLICA TION AT THE ASSOCIATED STUDENTS OFFICE. 
• FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 452-4450 JIM LOFGREN. 

ceDCY a nd pagan passion. 
Equus is terrifying. but not 
because a boy is driven to 
violence by the fervor of his 
horse-religion - because the 
rest of us, the nomina lly sane, 
have never kn ow n and 
probably never will know the 
sensation of true passion. 

The Old Globe Theatre 
production, being per for med ut 
the Spreckels. introduces some 
unnecessary elements into the 
pluy - c h rome bo rders, 
projections and so on - and 
leaves some nec.essary 
elements out. like lines. There 
were memory problems when I 
saw it on the night of the final 
preview , so hopefully the 
phrases I particularly missed 
were forgotten , not cut. ( An 
important section - un echoing 
of the Book or J ob - was not 
there.) 

Kevin Tighe plays the child 
psychiatrist, Martin Dysart. 
remarkably well. His under-
statement/television style 
acting work to great 
advantage in this part. for the-
reserved. unfeeling Dysart is 
anything but histrionic. This is 
the m.ost impressive per-
formance in the play, although 
the horses. struggling with 
mllmmoth heads , mewl hoof-
shoes and a raked stuge must 
be admired for maintaining a 
proud equine attitude against 
the theatrical adversities . 

The nude scene between the 
boy and the girl is uncomfor-
tably well-lit. and I suggest, as 
does the theatre. that anyone 
inclined toward embarrass-
ment stay away . While not 
disapproving, I am amazed 
that the Old Globe, San Diego's 
biggest consumer of body-
stockings, has done this in so 
explicit a fashion. Incidentally. 
Jane Usher, who plays the girl, 
has too nice a figure forthe part 
- she is mea nt to be dumpy. 
Herein lies the traditional Old 
Globe Theatre nudity com-
promise - updated . 

E quus is not to be missed. 
This p roduction isn't m ... g-
nificent. . but it serves the 
purpose well . 

Rats 
(Co ntin ul'd rr om pag(' 7) 
imprcssivc con ' idcring his 
relative inexpcricncc as a 
voculist. 

Thc Rats charged through as 
lew,t ten songs during their 
hour - lC!ngth scl. keeping 
instrumcnt .. tl solos to :1 
minimum. Gcldof emphasized 
the sarcastic contcnt of his 
lyrics through ' pantomimcd 
gesturcs. exaggerated facial 
exprcssions and gcncral mock-
frcllzied behavior. 

All in all. San Diego g .. lvc thc 
I{oclcnt Rockers from thc 
Emerald Islc a warm welcomc. 
In thc coming w(.'cks thc Rats 
phln to play some unusu.i1 
venuc!> across thc count ry 
WrcdCI'ick's of Hollywood in , 
Los Angelcs. it stcel mill in 
Pittsbu rgh . the Coea Cola 
bottling pl ,ltlt in Allall"') to 
111'1" id 'lllir~ t1wms('I\'cs with 
symbols of the l 'SA . Gerry 
Cott o lor 011(, . would like fhl' 
Boom(own Hat~ to h('l'lltlll' a~ 
' I(Tl·pta ble \() AI1H.'t'il'a n lil:;tl' ~ 
as thl' I<lst lood dwin · ... d 
lik" In do <I Il1l1l"ol 1\1 'J)oll:i1cl'!'> 
roadhOlIS(·S . I think I,p 'd go 
el(}\.I n 1\l'1I lh('rp. sell a lot 01 
hit mhu '·gers." 

Fri., M.-ch I , 1178 The Guardian p .... 11 

Snorts 
--- -- -- ---~-

All-Cal Loss Belies -...-.·uality Effort 
By Joy Reardon 

The women 's basket b a ll 
team returned from last 
weekend's All-Ca l tournament 
with a 1-2 record. earning a 
fourth place fi nish out of six 
teams. 

Friday morning the Tri ton 
team barely dribbled past UC 
San Francisco for a 51-48 
victory. After trailing in the 
first half, 28-20, UCSD came 

back strong in the second half 
a nd flew past UCSF. gradually 
building up a 10 point lead. 

Due to misaimed shots, the 
Triton lead,fell to 5 points with 
less than a minute rempining. 
Holding on du ri ng the last few 
seconds, they fi nally edged San 
F r ancisco by three points. 

"The second ha lf went really 
well." commented Coach J udy 
Malone. "We were rebounding, 

fast-breaking, and ran a good 
defense." 

Mary Egan led the scoring 
with a total of 17 points. Jill 
Keene was injured during the 
game. but refused to quit and 
scored 13. Lori Goldfarb netted 
eight points, Stacy MacFadyen 
got seven, Lisa Yonemoto and 
Paula Womack followed with 
four and two points respec-
tively. 

That same evening, UC 
Riverside handed the Triton 
women their first loss in a 
contest closer than . the 66-37 
score indicated. 

"The girls played an 
excellent offense," said Coach 
Malone. "They recogni~ed the 
defense being played against 
them and reacted very quickly. 
It definitely wasn't a runaway 
game." 

The Tritons fought to stay 
within range of UCI until 
Malone made' the decision to 
sub. "I was pretty sure we 
didn't have enough time to 
catch uP. so I subbed everyone 
else in." 

Badminton Team Whips Mesa PI ay'ing consisten tly , although injured, Keene led the point totals with 14. followed by Womack with seven. Egan and 
Yonemoto picked up five each. 

Satisfied with the Triton 
achievements in the tourney , 
Coach Malone feels optimistic 
about next year' s season and 
commends her team as " hard 
workers and all fighters ." 

"I really enjoyed working 
with this team ," she said. 
"Everyone kept a positive 
attitude throughout the season 
and did a great job. This year 
was a groundbreaker - the 
girl gained a lot of confidence 
and will definitely be more 
aggressive next year." 

The UCSD badminton team 
had three consecutive victories 
here Tuesday night as they beat 
Mesa College, 13-8. It was the 
econd ti me this season the 

Tritons pounced Mesa, winning 
an earlier contest, 22-5 . 

Coaches Mike Vander Griend 
a nd David Briggs made some 
changes in Tuesday 's lineup in 
order to give orne lower team 
members a chance to get 
competitive playing ex-
perience. 

Mixed doubles, the depart-
ment giving the Tritons the 
most trouble so far, went 3-0 
again t Mesa . · "We needed 
work in this area ," Briggs 
remarked , "and the improve-
ment shows." 

Using their top three men 's 
double teams the Tritons 
defeated Mesa with a 3-0 
victory . The top UCSD 
women' doubles team beat 
Mesa while the other two lost. 

In their final game on 
Saturday night against UC 
Irvine, the UCSD team lost 55-
32. The 23 point spread was a 
false indicator of the contest. 
which was c10s until the last 
few minutes. 

FRIENDS and ADMIRERS 
of 

WIL_LIE UNSOELD 

are Invited 
to participate In an Informal 

ceremony honoring his memory. 

12 NOON 
MONDAY, MARCH 12 

Central Library Terrace 

INTRAMURAL TEAM OF THE WEEK "CAPITAL 

Team members include: Tom Polk, Bob 
Peterson, Aubrey Fenderson , Fairbanks 
Jones, Ken Bowers, Frank Fos ter, and Hal 
Jacobs . Not pictured: Mike Cole man 

INSULATION" 
In a contest that came nowhere close to 

. approaching its advance billing as the game of 
the year in UCSD 1M Basketball, CAPITAL 
INSULA 110N crushed previously unbeaten 
BETTER BOUNDS 80-54 Sunday evening in 
the Miller 1M game of the week. CAPITAL was 
led by the sterling all-around play of center 
Tom Polk who dominated both boards and hit 
12 field goals (24 pts.) hom allover the court. 
Aubrey Fenderson chipped in 16 points and 
Hal Jacobs got lucky for the first time this year 
and made 14 more to help CAPIT.AL's cau e. 
BETTER BOUNDS playing without the 
services of UCSD's vers ion of t Do r, 
Harry Hoffman, already are looking forward to 
a possible rematch in the upcoming AM pia -
offs s tarting next wee k. 



Aquatic Center Underused 
By Phillip Stuller 

"It's an incredible facility. 
It's got Cantastic ·equipment. 
We've already paid to use it. So 
I can't see why every UCSD 
student isn't here. " 

Pat Connors of the Mission 
Bay Aquatic Center is trying to 
solve thi riddle by signing up 
as many students as he can into 
sailing, waterskiing, surfing. 
rowing, canoeing, kayaking, 

and scuba , diving classes 
offered by the Center. 

The Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center, located on Santa Clara 
Point at Mission Bay, is owned 
jOintly by San Diego State and 
UCSD and is operated by 
student fees from both schools. 
The facility is run completely 
by students. 

Classes are run by a trained 
staff and are offered in 

UCSD COMMUNION (Winter '79) 
• fellowship In commll1lon 
• fellowship In the Word 
• fellowshtp In pray_, sinlllII, and sharin& 

PIStar CII .... -. 1st 8IptIst S. D., spNks 011 .. Body MInIstry 
IsIMinscntI '" "" TrldIIIt ~ FtIIowIhIpl, 

CAN STUDENT GOVERNXENT MAKE 

differ'ent time slots to fit almost 
any schedu le. A new session of 
cou rses starts every fou r weeks 
and usually costs tudents less 
than twenty dollar . 

"We've got a lot of other 
things going on here besides 
classes," Connors pointed out. . 
Last year the Aquatic Center 

. was hostfortheSan DiegoCrew 
Classic ("the superbowl oC 
crew racing with teams from 
Harvard, Penn, Yale ... "), the 
North American Champion-
ships of intercollegiate y<\cht 
racing, the Intercollegiate 
Hobie Cat Championships, and 
wa a training camp for the 
men's a nd women' Olympic 
crew teams: -

The Center offers a progr'am 
of sailing and skiing for blind 
and disabled students. Mike 
Bro'urgalt who ' runs the 
program is available at 236-
6685. 

- " 

A DIFFERENCE? WHY NOT 'GET INVOLVED? 

ANNOUNC·ING· 
THE 1979 

A.S. ELECTIONS 
·AP.RIL 

. 

. , . 

.. 
' . ' 

-

I 

BALLOTING will be 
conducted In the fourth 
week ,~f ' .prln9 Quarter, 
on April 25 & 26. 

REFERENDA and 
INITIATIVES are due 
Monday, April 9 (second 
week). 

, I 

THE FILING PERIOD for 
candidates Is Monday, 
April 2 (first week) 
through Monday, April 9 
(second week). 

FO MORE INFORMATION, check with 
th. A.S. Oftlc.s, x4450. 

~. 

Ihrch 8, 1878 

Rec.'y" LIHI. publicity 

Waterski Team 
Competitive 

AlthoUlh not many people 
are aware of it, UCSD does 
have a waterskiing team, Four 
top siders compete for the 
Tritons in the ,Western 

Inte~ollegiate Waterski 
Conference against such 
schools as San Diego State, 
Pepperdine, CSU Long Beach 
and CSU Northridge. 

Marge Lorang. a Muir junior, 
and Warren College senior 
Janis WaJ:Wick compose the 
women's team, which , 
'according to their teammate 
Guy Messenger is · " quite 
competitive in the conference." 
Lorang placed ~th in the 
national women's slalom 
championships in Michigan 
last summer, 

Messenger and Brian 
Stainfield, both of Warren 
College, make up the men's 
squad. Messenger first got 
interested in the sport when he 
skiied at a lake in Northern 
Minnesota . 

"There is a lot of profes-
sionalism in waterskiing , 
although many people don't 
realize it. The sport as a whole 
doesn't get much publicity but 
the number of professional 
events and the prize monies are 
increasing. Advances are also 
being made in the equipment 
we use," Messenger com-
mented, 

Competition is divided into 
three events - trick, slalom, 
and jumping. Two twenty-
second runs in the trick division 
are judged on the number of 
tricks attempted and their 
difficulty. A slalom course is 
run at a maximum of 36 mph in 
tne second bracket of 
competition. Jumps are judged 
by .the distance the skiiers 
travel. . 

"Skiing is a relatively saCe 

sport," Messenger said. "You 
can get up to some high speeds 
in the Jump and slalom events 
but as long as you know what 
you're doing and have 
confidence there should be no 
problem," 

Currently ,aeh member or 
the team pays his own 
expenses, with no support from 
the Intercollegiate Athletics 
Department. A request has 
been made for the waterskiing 
team to be included in the 1979-
80 budget. 

Students who are carrying at 
least twelve units and have had 
prior competitive waterskiing 
experience are eligible to 
compete for UCSD. Anyone 
inter"ested should contact the 
Mission Bay Aquatic Center 
(488-3642) . 

Soccer ' 
Club 

SOCCER 
The UCSD Soccer Club's first 

team clinched first place in the 
San Diego County Soccer 
League last Sunday with a 2-1 
victory over the Rovers. The 
go-ahead goal came in the 89th 
minute of play with the second 
place Rovers now ullilble to 
catch up in the standings. 

After a low start which 
found the still-sleepy UCSD 
second club team down 0·2 at 
halftime, the UCSD squad 
came roaring back with six 
goals to ground Findley's 
Flyers, to retain UCSD·s first 
place division lead. 

The third team defeated the 
San Diego Coaches in a non-
league match, 5-3. 

Is JeMng you 7-11. 7 dats 0 week wl1h 
spirif5 • wine • beer. grocay. dell 

flee dellwfy wllh minimum puch<:M 
941 Pea1 St. (Pea1 (, GIIt:wd) ~.u5 

IMPORTED AND [)()MESne WINES 
NUMEROUS IMPORTED BEERS 

KEGS AVAILABLE 
ON REQuESn 

Fri., lI .. ch 8, 1879 

Savage Nomads 
(Conlinued from page') 
has. He's a cool nigger with 
dead eyes like the devil. Even 
cops respect him cause they 
say he took oCf three guys at 
once. 

"What else can I say? Maybe 
what I'd like to be if I get to be 
someone important. I would 
buy my mother a house and 
build a real clubhouse with 
apartments. Sometimes you 
have to turn your heart cold 
because it's too much here. I 
like it cause we own it. It's ours. 
But it ain't much. It ain't 
nothing, If I did what you do and 
write things down for reading 
then [ would write some real 
things that people ~ould get all 
shook up about. 

"Sometimes [ think this is 
wrong. That 's it. It's just 
wrong. Not for me cause I'm a 
man, But Cor little children 
growing up here, They see 
nothing and then they feel 
nothing. I know that some 
people have money and cars 
and food, Then you think 'why 
can't [ have that.' But what 
good does thinking do, 

"I been raised here Crom the 
time when buildings were more 
pretty and parks had trees. 
Now we don't have anything. 
But you get with your clique 
and you talk and party and get 
high. You can feel good. Like 
somebody . . 

"This here, what you been 
hearing is me, The life and 
times of Nato. N-A-T-O in the 
year oC our Lord. 1978, The 
End." 

Nato's clubhouse, in the 
basemen,t of an abandoned 
building. is like a thousand 

Nixon 
(Con" .... from .... I) 
Nixon's staff. 

John 1'aylor, another student 
involved with the research. 
expects to meet with Nixon 
once a month to discuss the 
progress of his research. Most 
of the research, he said, will be 
done here on campt!s. 

A San Clemente Welcome 
Although the students did not 

meet with Nixon last Saturday, 
they will spea,k with him during 
their next San Clemente viSit in 
three weeks. 

Duril)g their recent visit. the 
students met with Ray Price, 
speech writer for Nixon, and 
received their first assign-
ments. 

Leslie Lambert, a student 
selected lor the research, was 
• 'very impressed by tb.e 
simplicity" of Nixon's.estate. 
"It's not extravagant at all," 
she commented, addilli that 
she was even "nervous in front 

• oC (Nixon's) dog," 
Paula Manlini, the fourth 

student chosen for the 
research, said 'tbe San 
Clemente visit "was awe-
some." 

HOUlE 
WOLfOim 

HOUSE 
-8OOKSEL1 F~ 

I 1~CIIrMt...!_1 
PH •• PARKING 

other gang clubhouses in the 
. South East Bronx, the Lower 
East Side, Chicago, Roxbury . 
st. Lcuis, along the routes oC 
urban Arm<;tgeddon, placed 
where people who have power 
cannot see. 

. They give themselves 
names that. speak of isolation, 
power, anarchy. Young 
Nomads, Tomahawks, Mortar 
Girls, Savage Nomads, Roman 
Kings, Black Stone Nations, 
Tlfe Imembership transcends 
age and sex. Young babies sit 
on mattresses next to 
automatic pistols, never crying 
for foOd because their inner 
timing dictates that stick·ups 
occur in the late afternoon and 
that's when the food comes. 

In the South East Bronx and 
the Lower East Side, areas I 
know, the gangs are the police 
of the streets. Police in denim 
jackets, emblazoned with the 
colors of the gang, They Ii ve off 
the rejects of society, in a place 
and time that people don't want 
to see. 

..,.; THIS AD FOIl A FIla CLASS POt' mote InfOhnatloll call 
Kathy Corey 755-0830 

GIl ......... ""5Ay ............ ~aa ........ . 
.1 ...... MIl ..... KlI .. ,.OMISs.s .. 

Bull your way through college in style! With a genuine Schlitz Malt liquor bull shirt . 
Featuring our Schlitz Malt Liquor bull with royal blue 3/4 length sleeves and white shirt body. 
It's made 01 70% cotton and 30% polyester, And it's 100% you, because we custom-print 
the name of your school right on the front. . 

It's the shirt you'll wear proudly all year long. For jogging. class. team sports and 
getting together with friends for a round of Schlitz Stout Malt Liquor, After all, if 
You're going to "SAY BUll" across your chest. you might as well start backing it up, 

r--------------------------~ I MAlt TO:"SAY BULL" JERSEY OFFER I 
I C/O CASS 8330 N. PULASKI CHICAGO,ILL. 8OM6 I 

• ~ PI .... 5a'Id,~)Schlitz M.It liquor ·'SAY BULL" CoIIep Name Athletic Jersey(S) I 
I • S5.50uch. inctudi,. CoItep Name PenonaIizMion, past •• nd llanelli,.. Sizes av';""': 
• S stnIIt (34-36) M medium (38-40) Lt.,.. (42 .... ) XL mr.-IMp (46) 
I QlIjINTITY SIze ISCIecd\IS. M. L. JU.) CXllLEGI! ....... NT( ....... nI) 

Ir----r----------~--------------------~ I~--~--------~--------------------~ I~--~----------~----------------------~ I EncIoMd is $ c:tIectI or monIY order Ply"'" to "SAY BUll" Jersey Offer, 
INa~, ____________ ~ ________________________ _ 

I~----------------------~-----------------I City "'te ·Zi"'p ______ _ 
I CIIIa>.-I --~ .. .., ... ~.IO' -. ..... ""_' 0IIer_ "'-" 31. 1.19. 

.--------------------------. 

·t, ~' v' , 



to UCSD, 
DelMar, 

Mesa Apartments and 
Surrou~ding areas 

• 

_,BEER tHOtDOGS 
~1J~u 
.481-141 •• 

I-IPIIZZA 

ItitUlr ~ 1()~LICIUUi 
2206 Carmel Valley Road 

Del Mar 
(Next to ComegIe ~) 

MInutet from SOnIIto va., and a 
Ihott walk ffom the beach. 

I 

1171 Fri., M.,ch I, 1178 

Classifieds I 
PERSONAls 

IHE HAIIISIYUSIS' Gur' ond Gal. SIIompoo. 
HOlfcut ond B60wdry $11 00 With nud.nt 10 -
SI000. 7463 Girord ( .. hind Sh,"'o~.) 459 
8229 M(6/ 4) f(6/1) 
Support your local hooIIe, . p,op. Krum, ... buyo 
RUCK ME T SNrt from the UCSD Wo""en', 
Rugby Club In yellow, It . blue. no",y .. & r.dt 
., m, I & .1 ~n'. Call F,on(.lne at .55-9382 
13 161 
So your life need. X-cit,men' - fIh.n 0 aueK 
ME T -Shift" 'he on"wer - Gi .... it 0 try - Of1ly 
S.5 Call Connie 01 France 01 4155·9382. (3/ 16) 
fl(lc !)e.! Now tnot we\'e gal your Ollonllon, 
(Olne 10 USOS 272] Monday the 12th Of 1 or 9 
pm 13 12 1 
COtnV 0"(' COl'lle all See Wile E Coyote outWit 
hllmolt c'901l,"0 1 Ccu toon\ and Othel D .... en.lon1o 
Mollduy 011 ... 13 12 
Where hO\le 011 ,h. who~I gon.? If you COIl, 
(oil GREENPEACE 276-3102_ (3/16) 
We're OVI of SPAM, lOOPINS , and 16 ton 
welghh But we hove crazy robblh ond rood 
funn rl . Come ond ~e 13 121 
Cion StruQgJ.? WOfken ond bot .. ~ ,'ruggle 
for controf of lOCiety in a boa,d game now 
o'tOilobi. ot Groundwork 1ocMt •. Ct,Kk out our 

,,~chon of booh too - 6" d"cou~t on all 
book •. CoN 452- .2~2 . (3/9) 
Did ... you know thot on fridoy night R.veI'.', HPA 
i. holdtn9 a donce on ",-Plozo1Ie th.re (Fr.e, 

~.n) 
W. 10 .... you Enil, Oh yes we do, W e ~..,e yOY 
Enis, ond we'll be true, when you' ,e not with VI. 
we'r. blue, Oh Enis .... e 10 .... you! enit Penvy 
Song·ol-the-Month Club. 

AI •• - The O.olel'\ room at the S.D. Comic Can 
has Superman Memorabilia. Stor-Tr.k I'uff & 
movie post.". (3/16) 
To the men of SOAP - Where Of. the women of 
SOAP? 1Ift'I that diKriminotion1 Ho .. do you ge, 
AS funds? 

P.,.formen need.d for Why Not He,e. Group) 
and IndiVlduob we komI. Coli N. il at 41~5 -07"2 . 
7·9 pm. 

Argo II keep up the old troditton of the fountain 
for your infomou~ RA on his 2 ht 8-00), M.on 
Morch 12. 

Wl10t in the world .... er become of ~ .. ee.t Jone 
.h. 100t her $porkle you know she " not the 
Klme .. 

Lililing on r.d~, vitamin C and cocain. all her 
friend. can to)' il ain' t ,t 0 ~oml. 
The other 3 colleget. think they' re cool, bul we'll 
, 110""" who's the dancing w:hooIt HPA'I Plazo 
Oonce. 

AHention Mui, \tudenn Colculu. tutor ing held 
on MCli r (ompu' tenth week T ue" Wed, Thun 
Mor 12 ,13, 1. in Clouds Rest Commuter lounge 
f.om 7 10 9 pm (3/12) 
Ho¥tng problem. witl1 Colculus? Come to the 

tUloriol~ on Mu ir Campus tenth weelt March 12, 
13. 147-9 pm;n Clovd. Reo .. (3/ 12) 
It', 5.pflng ogoin, along Wlt~ 'l:ing'I 
d,stroctions, They will be ot the ' lIIIIIII" onlte -
Won't )'Ou . 

A,oo" Gueu Who', 8irtl1doy it is on Mondoy 
Morch 1211fs" 2111t' ~ none other than you, RA. 
You cute gir""'-'od belt be on the PIOlO lonit. -
SO we can get down to the music;. look for me -
O"on. 

In on ad 01 unpl'oyoked oggreuion Argo 6 
launched 0 miuil. attock ogoin~1 lloke 3 on 
3/ 5119. The B~"e 3 Fr •• dom Fig.hterS* beot 
bock the invo,ion 0' the grovy lUcking pigs. All 
futule odion, will be similorl) deolt with. 
Bewo re of mening with Bloke 3" 

fOR SAlE 
Che.., '72 Novo Cpe cudomint, auto, Oil, PS, PB, 
good cond o SI700/ b8)t offer. CoIIL."ie "52-

n9~ . (3/9) 
looking for something IleW to weor1 "m 5.elling 
hondmodewool clothing trom Guot 010 
o,e"e\ & $h.,,, etc Coli Ale. 01' Pele 455 6576 
(3 / 9 ) 
Motorcycilsh 10pnng "' here rime to crUI$e. I' m 
,ell,ng 0 wlnd\hleld odoptobfe to all bIkes & 
saddle bog and ~Sf,)' bot AH .... ry theop Coli 
101 •• 455·6576 (3/ 9 ) 
Bltyde G,tone Nellllporl ne ...... men', 19 V," cable 
lock Igt. 4~S·9539 (3/ 9) 
Old but comlortoble (ouch S25. 9.2~ 1975 
•• .. / .... d • . (3/ 9) 
Alpho Romeo GTV '73. hcaU.n, condiltOn: near 
nlw po nt, upholstery & tt,.s; oriQinol owner. 
53800 0< bo.t off.r. 298·4935. (3/ 9) 
Su.uki 74 115 must self $235. Coli 481-()868 
(3/12) 

Part-time 
I north county printer 

II flas opening for part-time 
Ii work. One night per week, 
,. no experience necessary -

but stamina a must! 

C.II Kevin 
.ft., S:OO pm 
• 1438·3747 

Rl·(I ·II' ~I IIIICOII(JVCIOl IllIl'g (II(U,I 0010 Book, 
10' ~I I . · I (JII (hJd NOllouol de Coli J.,H ")~ 

~IIbY J 9. 
1973 10yOI(1 (010'10 .)'2000 m,ltI\ new bott ''I & 
"1,"-,,,,,, IIH'" Rumg.eol CoUCOfoiln 459 .. 610 
.3 9 
67 eh ....... y Impolo • door. ou'o, pwr \teel'1I1g, 
va Yet-)' dOOr! I un, SSOO b 0 Coli Mor( .!t3 
8782 .3 9 . 
1970 T _ C .... ono $600.00 hrm. Work. 452· 
3070. Ho_ • S7J.1 Sl5 A'" for Go ... 

Pion .. , SXS80 RCVII Pori Cone! 6 mo. old 20/20 
Wrm. Sl40. Co" 4.52·9116 eVil, odt lor J..,.. 
(3/16) 
Speok.,II 4 JIl Kl20 l60hm guitor ttontducl,.. 
in infiM' baffle cabinet, new. $.500 Of be~t. 
.54-5930. 

Surfboard. 6' 10" Sunset. bceU,nt condition. 
170. 729-0263. 

ItOUSiNG 
Ar. you planning to move? lool",ng for 0 
roomma •• ? let U\ help! Th. Off ·Compus 
HotJwng 01l1C8 ho\ cv"ent rentof 1'$llngs for all 
off · (ompu~ Oreo~, for a \loriety of 
accommodations ; rOOm\, oportment\, hou\M 
and rOOR'II. In u.chonge for .e, ... reel We olioO 
ha ..... a ~ore Wh.lOilOn bulletin boord where 
roommate. oyolloble and wonted moy poil 
their liltings Leo,e and rlnlol oo,e,ment 
form.. mops, and other rentol osm rancI 
mo'eriols are o ... alloble for your ule. In 
additIon , we ol\() motntion 0 phone ~ 0 par' 01 
OUr \er ... l(e for your (onvenience, 11 In,e'e"ed. 
come to Building " 8" of .he Student Center 
Comple. bet ..... een 8 am and ".30 f'I"\, Mondo), 
throygh Fnday , (3 / 16) , 
Roommate wonted spring quarter. Solano 
leoch condo , S13~ for\4nol. room. Pool, ioOuno, 
to<cu.;' 755·7781. (3 / 9) 
One moder bedrOOfll furnid\8d in La Jolla 
Ploymoor. Call Go)'leot ".53,9116 Of" 291 ·8028. 
(3/9) 
Room o\loilabkt mid-Mo,ch for spring quor,e, . 
Ocean ",iew. own room. CordiH 8y The Sea, 
942-n49. (3/1 6 ) 
Roommate wont.d. Own room with Y.r both. 1h 
block from beach. S lS0/mo o\lOiloble nOW . Coli 
Andrew at 7S5 ·74().4 fX I~ove menage. (3/1 ") 
Roommat. needed for Ploymor Condo . Own 
room. Neat, respo.",.ble female preferred S 118 
monlhly. Coli Don 455-099S. (3/14) 

TRAVEl 
ClEE Tro ... el in UCSO S,ydent Cente, hondl.soll 
tro .... el needs Mon-lhu" 9:30· \2:.5 or "toll 4!t2· 
0630 (6/ 6) 
MAMMOTH SKI CHALET for rent. Sleep' 10, 
wolk 10 lifts 7 & 8. Call [)oyg (7 14) 540·5222. 
(11., 170-0511. Plan now for your ... ocotion. 
(311 61 
Ne.d ndetolASot . Morch 10pr •• I,robly USC . 
WIll help with e_pen .. 1 pett 41~5·S7S9. 

WANTEd 
Wonted . Female troyeling componion for 
Eu,opeon wmmer trip. Call Leili,, : A81 · 1968 nn 
and wlnd •. (3/9 ) 
Eorn $ Men, oge5. 21 -.0 needed for 
psycholoQlcoi eapertments In Lo Jotlo. Call 452-
.105 and leave nome. (311 41 ) 
Want.d: Semi-energe'ic indivldual\ to put in I. 
3 h,,/ .... lor Ihe ASUCSD. Appli<ot;on a. AS 
.flke •. (3/12) 
Wonted : OUI of stOler) '0 call & "I\le pre\liou~ 
opinion of Colt' people and II'e.tyles Ch"~1Ie 
75S-S410 t3 , 91 

A nENTlON: Junto" and Sentor~' 
$6.50 a month 

If you are mo;onng in pl1y$iCl, AMES, AptS, 
moth. or Ingineerin9 why not iet Il1e No .... y poy 
you 5650 0 month during your sentor-yeor right 
here of UCSD? 
Plul the guorantee of oHendin9 the Nudeor 
Propulsion Engineering Sch~ ofterQroduotton 
'rom e~lege. It'l wOf"th SAO.OOO . 
Coli John (hailier at (714) 293·64". fOl'info. 
(4/ 25) 

The Guardian 

• SERVICES 
IMPROVE YOUR GRADESI Sond S 1.00 10. your 
356-poge, molt orde, (atolog of Colleglot. 
Research IO.2~ toptu li •• ed Prompt Oet.v.ry 
10. 2S097·8. Lo. Angel ••• Col,1 90015. (213) 
477·8226 (51211 
SCHOlARsH.s fOIl MEDICAL/ OSTEOPATHIC 
SCHOOl AV4IlAILE to stude"h ent.,ing , 0' 
olreadye"r""ed U.S. CltilenJ b.twe.n 19 and 
33 yean old FuM tujtion. authorized '_i. books 
ond s..oo (oih per MOnth. No obligotion tOt 
oppiyino. For further information on NoY)' 
Heotth Prof.ufoM Sc:holoflhipl contod Chi.' 
Blllaryont at (714) 293 ·6444 (cofloct). (3/16) 

JENNY'S HOME TYPING 
Term papers, monuKriph. 'MM"IBM Selectric 
725-1 449 doy. and 'Vet. (3/16) 
Typing: Specialize In Dluer1olfons 216·9299 01 
452-3697. Reotonoble '0'''. (. / 111 
!YptNG IBM ReoU)nobte and ,el,obl • . Mrs OICh 
455-0127. (3/20) 
-TYPING 
IBM, Term Popen, Din.rto'ion,. Th.'fi. RUSn 
JOIS. 453-0656. ~al7l . ~5?'588. (6/ 8) 

TEACH OVERSEAS! 
FOR DETAILS SEND SELF . ADDRESSED. 
STAMPED. LONG ENVelOPE TO. lEACHING. 
P.O. 80X 1049. SAN DIEGO. CA 92112. (4/ 4) 
Profeuionol Typing to fit your 1051 minute 01 
lo"!!t.rm ne.d •. FREE pkkup/ d.l 481 ·7228. 
(3/16) 
Made to order rubber ltomps Stomp onytl"ung 
fl' '0 pnnt. Send 51.25 per ',ne to 4911 Mt 
An,.,o. SO 92111 (6 , 81 
RESUMES Get the best eapert wnflnQ IBM 
typing The VocoitonollMt4tuie at lo Jolla .55 
594 • . 13, 121 

JOIS MI ff 
SAILBOATS! CRUISE SHIPS! No Eaperlence. 
High Poy S.e Corribeon, Howall, Europe. 
World! Summer Coreer Send 53 9S for Inlo. to 
SEAWOI!LD. its BOA 60129. So<lo. CA 95860 
13/ 6) 

EXOTIC J08SI 
LAKE IAHOE CALI 

little I"p. fontolll( tip' (poy ) 51700 S.OOO. 
\Ummer 35,()(X) people ne.ded in Co •• noei. 
Restouront\ , Ronche~. CrlJl"u~. RI\ler Roft'l 
Send S39!t for Info 10 LAKE WORlD HS lo. 
60129. SoCIo. CA 95860 (3 6 1 
Typing Monul(flpts, DIU ., Rewmel. 
Technlcol, MOfh Equoltons. Scnbe Secrelo'iol 
Ser ... lce, .75-0257. (3 121 
Pro ... iding great octi ... i,tfl ;S OUr mos' important 
service. Plozo Oonce oft R • ..,ene tonlte - HPA 
- APH - HPA . 

OASIS, Page One and Ihe Muir Program aoord 
p,esen, Colcvlus tutoriol" 00 Muir Com pus the 
tenth ...... e'" March 12, 13 14 in Cloud, Re,t from 
7 to 9 pm. All le •• k tutor.d. (3/12) 

IOCo,ds 
Authentic 10 cords a ... oikJble from on)' "ate or 

COi;;s;gO & M f~9~';d 
Ho ... e you lo~ t you, mind' Found one In USB 
27'12 (101;" neflll Mondo)' at 7 or 9 pm 
(o" oon) only ~1 25. 13 12 1 
Los1 Wed 2/ 21 Norton Anthofoctly Eng Lit Vol 2 
around Hl. R.word. Call Mon-Fri oher 4:30, 
45H397. (3/ 2) 
los" HP-2S lou ThutS or Fri. leave meuoge in 
Phrtk. Dopt. lo( B,II Pow.".r (all 452·1886. 
Lost - R,d Eeon 17' no1ebook. Was left in P&L 
1110 Monday at 3, If fo und pleosl (all Hugh ot 
755·4790. 

Foundl Cokvlotor near Revelle Porlu'\O tot. Soy 
when, where and moke. leave meu. In Physics 
Dept .. Po ....... rs. 

Lo't . Irown foldel .... th ~koteboord pidur • . Los' 
in APM building, $S reword . Call Paul 481 -
7084. 

Find Youuelft 0' the Son Otego COMK 
Convention Aug. 2 -5 for 'nfor Rlchord: 215· 
082 .. , 8uy Comk Book, 

CARTOONS U & "DYversions 
Monday March 12 
U.S.B.2722 
7 & 9 p.m. ("",,,,onl,,,,,,) 

$1 !1 , SPONSORED Br • 
D.A.R.K. STAR I( 

Ticke15 ~.uil"blc al U.C.S () 11<" on .. -c 

FLlClHTII 
Low ~t c:borten to London. f'culL Zunch, 
Modrid. o.-Wooi. Fronk ...... ond 
Shannon Ph ... Inla O" Loh,.S1. 
LA1.andon 
EVIUUL 
~;::=-a::i~~::= WGII a._ ... 
To t.mm ...... "rat time tra .. ler. with Ihe =. of ........... 011 raw' own In 
• .,UDal. 

I~~~;"~:::~,:,'ID~ _, Co"' • • i Stud.nl T'ra.,.1 

REWARD for r.<o .... '.,. or informahon leading to 
rocove,y of I.olen high school VOfSlty ~ 
let termon', SWlole, . 

pqe15 

Casually 
Sophisticated 

OPEN 
lATE 
• Spoghotb 
• PIlD 
• Bounlilul 

~ 
• s-
• WIne 

OeKriptlon' navy blue wool Jane' , Krut othlehe 
oword ,wlot.r with nome A _ Tober 
monogrammed 'n coflor White'S' I.U,r With 
t.porn 01 fOOlbofl , bo,ketboU, and bou,boIl on 
it- ToI.:en "om Clu,ter Lbrory oboutMoy, 1978. 
Reword of $.SO for information Of return. If 
r.co .... ,.d. NO prowtCulton. Call ...... nings after 
6 . 755-1713 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Umch • 01...., · .~ 'World'. /If"., Un/_PIzzo- A-\ 

Tokoou •• tool :I ~ 
.... _ .. . c __ .'-' ~ ..... 

'>1 .............. _ ... .. 

Fridoy night will be the best plala donce of the 
year! F, •• , no co.t. and t.ponlOled by the HPA-. 
BYOf 

HllCar ..... V.-.vRM4-D«I MM· nun. 

Fed up with pr .... nt health core and heolth cor, 
education? Attend SHIP general I'M&-fing 
Sundoy Morch II , 7:30 pm Game Room 
ContereMe Room, Student Canter. 

See 80ri. Vollejo - Co .... , IHUSI(otor 
utroordlnolre! Son Oleo., COmt( Con Aug , 2-5 
at U S. Gro nt Hotel. 

Interelled In PrGgre, .. ve Heohh Core? CO"'I '0 
the Siudent Hlalth Information Program 
General M.etlng Sunda), Morch I\. 7 :30 pm. 
Game Room Con ference Room , Student Center. 
MCAT-OAl Worluhop: So •. Mor. 10, 8 am to 1 
pm. USB 2722 ,ponlOred by th. Peer Ad ... i\C)rs 
F •••• (3/ 9) 

Get your funnybone In \hope before f,~I\ 
Come to (Oltooo. and o.her D''''erllons neat 
Mondo)' ot 7 or 9 t3 12) 
O.A.R It S 1.A R. pre .... nh. (Onoon, and oth~f 
dt ... e r~ont n ... t Mondoy at 7 and 9 pm ,n USB 
2722 Only Sl 25 (3 /1 21 
Remembe. tho\e greol moltnH ca rtoon.? 
Refresh your memory 1M use 2722 at 7 or 9 pm 
for only ~1.25. (3, 121 

Short ellcun.ion\ now owoiloble ot the Bo. 
Offt,ce lor Mondo), the 12th. Onl), SI 25 lor 2 
hours of funl (3 / 121 
Son Oiego Comic Can! Auguu 2·S P,O . eo. 
17066S.Q,. 92111 fOrlnfo or call Richard 8vtner: 
275 ·0824_ Now. (T.8.A.) 
l,ckeh tor 'oOle ot UCSD 80. Offtce tor cartoons 
ond other ct,ye nlon , Monday. March 12 at 7 
and 9 p ,n (J 12) 

PHOTO 
SUPPLIES 

DARKROOM 
SUPPLIES 

DISCOUNT 
PRICES 
UCSOBudpt 

Numbers Accepted 

collegiate crossword 

ACROSS 
1 Executive privilege 

II Put - on 
(cover up) 

46 " Rosenkavalier" 11 "I Got -- in 
41 ffrst lady Kalamazoo " 
48 Strong coffee 12 Where Hempstead is 
51 Weighed the con- (2 wds.) 

15 Amelia Earhart, 
others 

tainer 13 Earnest prompting 
and 53 Asta, to Nick 14 Post-office office 

Charles (2 wds.) 
16 Auctioneer' s last 

word 
11 Road part 

(2 wds.) 
18 Celestial handle 
19 Composer of Johnny 

Carson's t~ 
20 Type of poodle 

'21 Freez.ing 
22 Illpudence 
26 Cuba or Aruba 

(abbr.) 
27 Rob 
JO ~ctor Beatty 
31 Paclno Ind ",rti no 
J2 Stult - Harie 
33 Green, IS tomatoes 
J5 ~ll gathering 
37 Opera plrt 
3B Harle, to Donny 
39 Intended 
40 Weather forecast 
42 Medium session 
43 Author Deighton 
44 Musical syllable 
45 Pro 

54 Cried 21 Takers for granted 
58 "Step --!". 23 Like some people ' s 
S9 DOT and OMPA ha i r 
62 Opposite of "da " 24 Sandra __ 
63 Rural s treet decor 25 "Reduce Speed" 

(2 wds . ) ?7 14r. America's COll-
64 Mit igate cern (2 w<ls . ) 
65 Constrictive sub- 28 Chekhov play 

stance (2 wds.) 

DOWN 
South Ameri can 
rodent 

2 Break -

23 Vegetations 3·' 8alln or Claire 
3~ Mr. Young 
3t Pod Occupant 
38 Certain turtles 
41 Tax agency 

3 t!Owe' s 11111 ieu 
4 Its capital is 
5 Salt Lake Cfty 

42 "-- your old man" 
Doha 45 Shackle 

collegian 
6 L1 Ite sOtne verbs 

(abbr. ) 
1 Drifted, '$ sand 
8 He was tied to a 

wheel In Had 5 
9 Decade (2 wds .) 

10 Suffi~ for Sia~ 

4'1 II.... nn M,i"W.., 
50 Being in deb 
52 Feminine ending 
S5 Onetime Mrs. ovacs 
56 Ivy lU9ue school 
57 N.C.O. (abbr.) • 
59 School organization 
60 Sino-Soviet rinr 
61 Prefh: motion 

.. 



Fri., M..a. I, 1 

AI 

18f Btewong Co . MIlwaukee. WIS. 


