
The Dail~ Guardian 
Volume 40, Number 31 Univenity of California, San Diego Monday, May 12, 1980 

Reg Fee Cllair Liz Riley dilCUlles major change. in UCSD 
Legal Services. 

Prop 9 Supporters 
$500,000 in the Red 
Staying Within Budget More 
Up the Alley of Its Opponents 

BY CAROLYN FRIDA,\, 
Sacramento Correapondent 

Although Howard Jarvis 
has raised $2.8 million so far, 
his campaign for Proposition 9 
may be in trouble, according 
to disclosure statements which 
show the campaign to be 
almost a half·million dollars in 
the red. 

The statement, filed with the 
secretary of state on May 5, 
show that Jarvis' two principle 
committees, "Yes on 9" and 
"Cut the Income Tax," have 
spent $3.1 million to date and 
have managed to raise less 
than a million dollars since the 

initiative qualified for the ballot 
last December. 

The dozen of "No on 9" 
committees, on the other 
hand, have raised $179,000 
more than they have spent. 
The opponents of the 
measure, which is expected to 
reduce state revenues by $2 to 
$5 billion, have reported 
contributions totalling 
$661,000 since January. 

As listed on the campaign 
disclosures statements, the 
Prop. 9 supporters have spent 

Please tum 10 page 4 

Huffer to Run Guardian, 
Other Editor Posts Open 

Kathy Huffer, a Third College junior, will be editor·in·chief 
of the Daily Guardian next year. 

She was elected in a two-day staff election last week, and 
will appoint the rest of her editorial staff later this week. 

Applications for the other editorial positions are available 
in the Daily Guardian office and are due Wednesday, May 
14 at 5 pm. 

Open positions are: Managing Editor, News Editor, 
Associate News Editor (2), Arts Editor, Sports Editor. 
Opinion Editor, Science Editor, Copy Editor and Night 
Editor. 

Any questions about the positions can be answered in the 
Daily Guardian office, which is open from 9 am to 5 pm every 
weekday and Sunday afternoons. 

Reg Fee Committee May 
Replace Legal Services 
Executive Session Ponders Law Student Plan 

BY JEFF BERESFORD-HOWE 
New. Editor 

. ~e Re~i.stration Fee committee hear~ f<!r the "I. spend ~t ~f my job deaIin, stridly 
flllt time Friday a proposal that would elanunate within the UIlIveruty - donn problema, 
the position of a Reg Fee-funded attorney for someone breaking into a gym, things like that. 
students. "And part of my job, maybe 10 times a 

The proposal, put forth by committee quarter, consists of going down and gelling 
chairwoman Liz Riley, and campus budget people out of jail. The interns would not alwaY' 
analyst Bonnie Higley, would replace the legal be available to do that." 
services staff, headed by attorney Nick Aguilar, Aguilar also disputed the quality and time 
with the counsel of a rotating staff of University commitment of the interns, who must deal with 
of San Diego law students. final exams and classes as well as their intern 

After hearing the report and hearing jobs. 
testimony from campus attorney Nick Aguilar, "I don't know that the quality of services will 
the committee went into executive session and be the same. Certainly, the number of hour. will 
asked Aguilar, observers and the press to leave, be reduced." 
then decided to make a final decision on the The USD program would consist of bringing 
proposal Thursday, May 15. Riley described five interns on campus for three, three-hour 
executive session as "routine" in personnel blocks of counseling each week, forty-five houn 
matters, but said later that what the committee of service altogether. 
was discussing was a bureaucratic rather than Aguilar, who works "a lot more than a forly-
personnel problem. "It's not like we're out to get hour week" according to Vice Chancellor of 

AiU!I~. It' s ju~t th~,t discu~ions like this are Student Affairs assistan Rar Dye, say. he 
sensItive sometimes, she satd. spends about "80·90 percent' of his time each 

The USD students would save approximately week in face to face contact with students. 
$50,000 in student fees, Riley and Higley told The USD students would probably lerve the 
the committee. Friday, without a substantial campus during the evening, said Hiley, because 
reduction in services to students. that would probably fit better with their 

Aguilar, who said after the meeting he had schedules and eliminate the necessity of 
been told of the proposal on Thursday, one day providing them a permanent office. "Office 
before the meeting, disputed the "dyad" (two· space is really tight on campus," Riley told the 
person) report submitted by Higley and Riley. committee. 

"The underlying assumption that you'll be Riley also argued that none of the other UC 
getting the same service is fallacious," he said. schools had an attorney. 
"No ombudsman (to help students deal with the Aguilar countered that his office, because of 
university legally) exists on this campus. The his skills as an attorney, was setting up a : 
interns could not speak to campus problems, diversion program that would keep students out 
and the interns could not speak to the student of the court system. 
who needs immediate help. Please tum 10 poge 4 

Driver Resistance to Carter's 
Import Tax Seen Due to Glut 

LOS ANGELES (AP) - With gasoline 
stocks at a record high and fuel supplies at the 
pump exceeding demand, the Carter 
administration's import tax that will force gas 
prices up a dime beginning Thursday may hit a 
wall of consumer protest, an oil industry analyst 
said yesterday. 

"The public will not be able to understand the 
need, with all this loose supply and high prices, 
for another 10-cent-a-gallon increase to add still 
more to overflowing inventories," Don 
Lundberg said. 

The publisher of the weekly Lundberg Letter 
that analyzes oil industry trends said more 
gasoline is available for delivery in April than 
retail stations can use, since refineries have 
allocated an additional 2.3 percent more 
gasoline per day for May. 

In addition, US crude oil stocks are 15 

percent higher than they were a year ago, while 
gasoline stocks - at 276 million barrels -
have broken the record high of two years ago, he 
said. 

"The unprecedented lO-cent increase will 
have an immediate impact, mostly on motorists' 
ability to buy, which is already down from what 
would be normal for this time of year," 
Lundberg said. 

Today'. Weather 
Low clouds through today but clearing and 

warmer on Tuesday. Temperatures will reach 
the low 70s. 

Waves are 2 to 4 feet, at 12 second 
intervals. 1be water temperature is 60 
degrees. 

Regents Face Full Agenda After March Layoff 
The UC Board of Regents will 

meet this week, the first time since 
March that the university's governing 
~ has convened. 

The traditional April layoff has left 
the Regents with a fuU agenda for the 
Thursday/Friday Los Angeles 
Convention Center meeting. 

Thursday, five Regents' 
committees will meet. 

The Committee on Educational 
Policy will hear a report on the impact 
of UC undergraduate admissions 
policies. 

The Committee on Finance will 
have a comparison of rental rates for 
on-campus and off campus housing. 

The Board as a whole will hear 
ideas Friday on university planning 
for the 1980s from UC systemwide 
officials. 

The Committee on Investments, 
responsible for UC's investment 
policy, which allows UC to invest in 

. companies which do business in 
South Africa, will also meet Friday in 
closed session. 

Also scheduled is a press 
conference Friday, the second day of 
the two-day event, with UC President 
David Saxon and Regents' Chairman 
Robert Reynolds. Saxon, who has 
been pushing hard to have 
Proposition 9 defeated, is ex ted to 

use the occasion to attack the tax-
cutting initiative. 

( A Los Angeles Times poll 
released yesterday shows 52 percent 
of the state opposes the initiative 
while only 38 percent support it.) 

Saxon was criticized for writing a 
letter to the university's students, 
warning them of the possibility of 
large fee increases should 9 pass. His 
critics, some of whom are planning 
lawsuits, charged that the letters 
constituted a private campaign 
conducted with public funds. 

The. Los Angeles meeting i. the 
first time the Regents have met in this 
part of the state since February. uc· President David Saxon 



f. 
.. • t .. • ~ . 

2 lhe Daily Guardian Monday, May 12, 1980 

Yugoslavia Sounder than West Usually Thinks 
S · I C fl· t parliamentary debate. Such visions oCleta on IC S, apply to the historical past , and also to 
J\ 1 E h · R · .l more recent activities by extremists l"Ot t nlc IIts who have lived outside Yugoslavia for 

decades: a Serbian nationalist hijacks 
BY DAVID SPURR 

The pUling of President Tito has 
resuacilated the tired metaphors used 
in the West to describe his Yugoslavia: 
traditionally a "Balkan powder keg," 
the country is now "a time·bomb 
ticking away"; with its "crazy.quilt" of 
bickerinL nationalities, a Yugoslavia 
without Tito could be "yanked back 
nto the Soviet orbit." 

The view of a nation tom by 
quarreling ethnic groups and ripe for 
,Soviet intervention may encourage US 
involvement, but it is not the view one 
ac uires b tiving in Yugoslavia. 

David A. Spurr teaches at the 
Unillersily of Michigan. 
Among other thing., it ignores th~ 
strength of an internal potitical and 
economic structure which has 
remained remarkablj' stable for the last 
30 years, even as Tito had gradually 
retired from the actual management of 
the country. 

The changes in Yugoslavia will be 
.. btIer and more complex than these 
fean of regional conflict and Soviet 
presure .uggest. They have more to do 
with age, occupation, mindset and 
liIestyle than they do with ethnicity. 

In a tree·shaded cafe on General 
Zhdanov Street in Belgrade, a young 
Yugo.lav journali.t berates his 
colleaguea from the western press. 
"That word 'Balkan!' That's what is 
wron, with your ideu about our 
country," he complains. 

He means that the western view of 
Yugoslavia is colored by visions of 
Sarajevo, crazed anarchists and prime 
ministers shot dead in the midst of 

an airliner over Flint, Michigan; 
Australian authorities find a cache of 
arm. belonging to a remnant of the 
Croatian Fasci.t Party. 

But inside Yugoslavia , the 
po.sibility of the country's coUapse 
from ethnic differences seem. remote. 
A visitor lOOn learns that young people 
do not particularly want to be identified 

as Serbs, Croats, Macedonians or 
Slovenes. At the University of 
Belgrade, I asked a law student named 
Maija her ethnic origin. She answered 
defiandy, " I am Yugoslav!" Her 
attitude is typical of people her age. 

The symbols of intense ethnicity 
reside mainly in the homes of the older 
generation: portraits of ancestors. 
antique sabres mounted on the walls, 
memories of Nazi executions. Young 
people simply do not share these 

P/;ase tum to page 9 

Would You Let Mafia 
Recruiters on campus? 
Editor: 

The iSlue of allowing 
military recruiters on campus 
is more complicated than your 
editorial (or recent letter 
writers) make out. It is not 
simply a problem of free 
speech and first amendment 
rights. I doubt that anyone 
thinks that everyone has a 
right to come on campus and 
recruit. The question i. one of 
degree, and of what degree a 
consensuil of opinion is 
reached upon. 

rational fashion, but is dictaied 
to us from above, faithfully 
propagandized by a willing 
mass media. 

It may be said that the 
Mafia analogy is a spurious 
one, but certainly not to the 
many victims of the US 
military since WW II . 

By agitating against a 
military presence on campus, 
students help discourage the 
kind of mititary adventurism 
by our government which has 
brought so much grief to us 
and foreign peoples since WW 
II. It is encouraging to note, 
from the referendum results, 
that at least a third of the 

Self Management 
System Stabilizes 
Economy, Nation 

BY BEITE DENICH 
While the important role played by 

President Josip Tito in international 
diplomacy since 1945 has kept him at 
the center of foreign attention, 
Yugoslavs at home have lonll been 

running their own affairs. 
Their method is something called 

"self.management" - a unique 
system developed independently of the 
capitalist and communist countries on 
their western and eastern borders. To 
understand what Yugoslavia might be 
like without Tito, it is necessary to 
understand self·management. 

On the political level, seH· 
management means a governing 
structure in which each unit of society is 
responsible for running illleH. 

Territorial units (townships, cities, 
republics), businesses and institutions 
- in short, all places where people live 
and work - are rured directly by the 
people who live and work there. 

Political tife for Yugoslavs is 
dominated by issues that arise in work 
places and local communities, as well 
as in the nation as a whole. Wherever 
people gather, analysis of current 
politic. is a regular topic of 
conver.ation. 

These conversations begin with 
immediate problems, such as inflation 
or the housing shortage, and proceed 
to speculation about their connection to 
national or worldwide trends. 
Everyone has ideas because no one is 
left out of the dialogue; even television 
and newspapers deal with national 

Betle Denich is an anthropology 
professor at the Slate University of 
New York at Albany. 

issues in terms which average 
Yugoslavs can relate to their own 
experience. 

What is most unique about the 
Yugoslav system is that it extends the 
principle of self.management to the 
economy as well as to government. 

The national economic system was 
open for experimentation when private 
ownership was removed by the 
socialist revolution at the end of World 
War II. At 6rst, the communist party 
assumed control of all managerial 
decisions. 

But in 1950, after the Yugoslavs 
had broken from the Soviet bloc, the 
new concept of workers' control was 
introduced. Factories were nominally 
turned over to workers' councils, 
composed of employees. 

Although these councils initially had 
little real power ~ a succession of 

dease tum to page 9 

It is unlikely that many of us 
would want to let the Mafia 
come and recruit, for example. 
That's because they have a 
reputation for killing. The 
military services have luch a 
reputation as well. Essentially, 
when one .igns a contract with 
the mititary, onet;' s oneself 

students _ agree. 
ROGERG.HAEKINS L-____________________ ~~----------~--------------_. 

into bondage, ged to kiU 
on demand. is killing is MEChA Won't Recant on L-Z 
done, supposedly to protect 
one'l homeland from Editor: 
nefarious in ternational MEChA's policy in the past, has been and wiU 
criminals-this is what all continue to be, to refer to the thint college 
homelands tell their soldiers. established at UCSD as the Lumumba Zapata 

In our case the Enemy is the College. 
Rus.ians, the invader. of The 6rst contention made by the program 
Afghanistan-not China, the board, that neither MEChA nor the board itself 
invader of Vietnam; not has the authority to designate the name of the 
Indonesia, the invader of college, misleads the reader into believing that 
Timor; not the White South "third college" as a name for a college. has been 
Africans who brutalize the designated to it. Secondly the statement 
native population of their "wanting to keep the programming board outside 
comer of the world; not the of politics" is so naive that it leads Us to question 
various neo·fascist slaughter· the mechanism by which the board member. are 
houses we support in Latin appointed. The Lumumba Zapata College was 
America. The decision as to established to teach People of Colour to think ' 
who our enemy i. is decided critically about their society and as such, 

,;not=.=.inc:....::an:;,<.;t::..:hi::.;· n:a...::a::.a::::..o;:,;ac= h""in.:n...:a::...-..::L:.:um::..:..:.:u::..:m""ba==-=Z.=.a=ta College is a political coilelle in 

aU aspects. 
MEChA also condemns the programming 

board and its administrators for their 
unprofessional and inappropriate tactics used the 
threaten further MEChA activities. To deny 
student monies for use by a student organization 
could lead to consequences both legal and extra· 
legal in the future. MEChA cannot and will not 
R1ccumb to these and/or other threats by the 
programming board. 

In conclusion, the admonishment. levied at 
MEChA by the board are unacceptable. 
Furthermore, the' apOlogy demanded by the 
same will not be forthcoming. 

MEChA will tontinue to stand fast in it's 
committrnent to the Lumumba Zapata Colleje. 

ARTURO C. HERRERA 
MEChA/Cinco de Mayo Committee 

'Butts' Not 
Given Credit 

Editor: 
Due to an error by the 

Intramural office, my women's 
softball team, "Butta to You," 
wu inadvertently credited 
with a loIS in a game we 
actually won. 

Because of this error our 
name was omitted from the 
standings. In actuality we 
were, at the time the standing. 
were made, in a four.way tie 
for 6rst place. 

The team has done an 
outstanding job this year and I 
feel the members .hould get 
the recognition they rightfully 
deserve. 

TRACY DRESSNER 

Monda" May 12, 1980 

Clergy Wins Reigns 
In Iran Parliament 
The Isl amic Republican 

Party and its hardline clerical 
allies have won a majority in 
the runoff round of the 
Ira nian pa rli a m e nt ary 
election, Tehran Radio said 
ye s terday . Ayatollah 
Ruhollah Khomeini appeared 
to be tightening controls over 
the military and the press. 

The Iranian revolutionary 
leader has said the new 
Parliament will decide the fate 
of the American hostages. 
many Islamic Republicans say 
the captives should go on trial 
as spies if deposed Shah 
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, in 
exile in Egypt, is not returned 
to Iran to face charges of 
murder and corruption. 

The Islamic Republ ican 
Parly won 50 of 98 seats in the 
Parliament that were decided 
in the first round of voting 
March 14. Returns from 
Friday's second round showed 
that the IRP had won 60 of the 
124 seats decided as of 
midday yesterday. Most 01 the 

other winners were indepen. 
dents, including Moslem 
fundamentalists expected to 
support the IRP. The radio 
report of a majority appeared 
to include some of these 
fundamentalist winners in the 
count. 

A Beirut·based newsletter 
report ed yes terday that 
Iranian Foreign Minist er 
Sadegh Ghotzadeh expressed 
fears to Arab leaders that a 
long economic blockade by 
the West could force Tehran 
to turn to Moscow for help. 

Ghotbzadeh was quoted as 
saying Iran "cannot withstand 
an economic boycott imposed 
by the United States if it is 
supported by Western Europe 
and Japan." 

Bahaman Boat 
Sunk by Cubans 

NASSAU" Bahamas -
The 1 03· foot Bahamian 
gunboat Flamingo was sunk 

TAKE A 
PIECE OF 
SAN DIEGO 
HOME 

Posters at 
San Diego 

available at ] 

[ The Frame Shoppe ... etc. 
4079 Governor Drl,'e, Sun Diego, 0\ 92122 

(714 )-453-7920 
Tue6day thm Saturday, 9:30-5:00 

Summer r~o 
UCSD Summer Session 
is offering intensiJie language 
programs in France and Spain 

There are still spaces available for enrollment in 
the Language Program where students will travel 
to Paris, France or Madrid, Spain and receive 12 
units of credit in either French or Spanish. 
Applications must be submitted with an $845 

deposit no la ter tha n Ma y 19, 1980. 
The program begins June 16 and ends August 
16, 1980. The approximate cost for France is 

$2.525 and for Spain $2,497. 
For further information, contact the Summer 
Session Office. 106 Administrative Complex, or 

call (714) 452-4364. 

by Cuba n MIG jets and at 
least four sailors were killed , a 
Bahami a n government 
spokesman said yesterday. 

The Bahamia n National 
Securi ty Council met In 
emergency sessIOn with 
Deputy Prime Minister Arthur 
D. Hanna last evening, and 
the council was expected to 
issue a statement on the 
incident. 

Article Barred 
By Texas Judge 

DALLAS - Attorneys for 
the Wall Street Journal asked 
a state judge yesterday to 
rescind an order barring the 
nationally circu l a t ed 
newspaper from publishing an 
article on the business dealings 
of OKC Corp. 

Attorney Robert Sack said 
District Judge Joe Fish also 
was asked 10 call a hearing on 
the matter at lOam (COT) 
today. 

"We have decided to ask 
Fish to dissolve the temporary 
restraining order on the basis 
of facts in the law that weren't 
avai lable to him at the time he 
entered the original res training 
order," Sack said. He declined 
to elaborate on the points of 
law. 

Sack said editors planned to 
wait until after the hearing 
before deciding whether to 
print the article on the publicy. 
owned oil a nd cement 
corporation tomorrow. 

Motive Unclear 
In Bank Heist 

SAN BERNADINO, CA 
- Authorities were trying to 
determine yesterday who was 
behind the guerilla.style raid 
on a Norco bank that left two 
bandits and a sheriff's deputy 
dead in a running gun battle. 

by Garry Trudeau 

Three of the gunmen were 
in custody for investigation of 
murder after failing to elude a 
200·man posse in a 6O·mile 
chase through the snowy and 
rugged San Gabriel Moun· 
tains. Two of the men were 
hospitalized with bullet 
wounds. 

A Riverside County law 
enbrcement officer character· 
ized the g unmen as 
"militants ," but he declined to 
elaborate. 

Bus Raised After 
Bridge Collapse 

ST. PETERSBURG, FL 
- The wreckage of a 
Greyhound bus that took 23 
people to their deaths was 
pulled from Tampa Bay on 
yesterday, revealing another 
vehicle as diver, wearing 
hardhats searched for more 
victims of the Sunshine 
Skyway Bridge ·collapse. 

Soft Contact Lenses $100* 
Beware of the quick eye examinat ion and contact lens fit. It may be too quick. The best eye examination and 
contact lens fitt ing is painstaking, methodical. thorough. and consists ot numerous tests. A minimum 
number of 4 visits is required to achieve a proper fit. Our office Is equipped with the most sophisticated. ad· 
vanced and computerized instrumentation in the world in order to achieve the best eye examination and 
contact lens fitting possible. 
All contact lens tiling include a written agreement that allows you to return your contacts and receive are· 
fund at your discretion with a specific period of time. 
If you 've been thinking about contacts. visit San Diego's most technologically·advanced optometr ic office 
today. Our large library of lenses allows us to send you home with your new contacts the same day they are 
fitled in most cases. 

Call today for an appointment. free consultation o~ Intormatlon packet explaining 50ft. flexible. hard. torlc 
(tor correction of astigmatism) soft. and extended wear (24·hour) contact lenses. 

Dr. D. A. Rorabaugh' AHoc: ..... , 
Opt-"lltl 

1939 Grand Avenue. Pacific Beach. CA • 272·2211 

-WJIIl~ ~Ions for Men 
More than a style ... 
Away of lite ... 

Prepare now for that 
Big Day In June. $50 
off any suit or sport 
coat to UCSO students, 
faculty or staff (10 
required). 
Layaway. Gift Certificates, 
American Express, Visa, 
Mastercard 

Upper level 
La Jolla Village Square 
455·7334 

Mastercharge and VISA accepted 
• does n"' lnclude pmfesslonat set'Vices 



4 

Pro Prop 9'ers Overspend, 
Anti-Jarvis Fans Thrifty 

Continued from page 1 
$108,378 on television spots 
and new.paper ada, and $1.1 
million on direct mailer. and 
admini.trative overhead coata. 

A majority of the 250,000 
Prop . 9 benefactors 
contributed $100 or lea,. The 
IeCretary of atate does not 
require the names of those who 
contribute lell than $100, and 
many of these contributions 
are anonymou.. Two 
notable exceptions were a 
$25,000 gift Irom Dart 
Industries and $10,000 lrom 
Los Angeles investor Joseph 
Baird. J>erhapa the oddest 
contribution was $250 /rom 
Van Nuys Community 

H~ital. 
1lle loea 01 Prop. 9 , 

" Citizen. lor California," 
received most 01 their money 
from unions, health officials 
and state employees. 

But the biggest chunk by lar 
came Irom educators, 
primarily in the first and 
second level managerial 
positions of the state 
department of education, and 
the public postsecondary 
education institutions. 

UC administrators chipped 
in a total of $13,100. Stanley 
Scheinbaum, who together 
with Superintendant of Public 
Instruction Wit.on Riles, was 
the only other Regent to 
donate, contributing $5,000. 

UC Chancellors AI Bowker 
and James Meyers, Chancel· 
lor·designate Ira Haymen, 
Vice Presidents James 
Kendrick, Donald Swain and 
Archie Kleingartner , and 
Special Assistant to the 
President David Wilson are 
among those listed as 
contributing $150 to $ 500. 

Extension Granted On 
Undergrad Fellowships 

The President', Undergrad· 
uate Fellowship Program 
Competition for 1980·81 wiD 
remain open until May 27. 

This competition has grown 
in popularity among UCSD 
students since its inception in 
1967. 

1lle program is designed to 
.. i.t undergraduate .tudents 
in carrying out special studies 
and projects under faculty 
.upervilion during term time 
and/or vacation. Such 
projects may indude research 
and/or other creative 
activities. 

Another fellowship has 
been added to the competition, 

in the name of Da~id Jay 
Gambee. Gambee was it 
Revelle student who was killed 
in a traffic accident just prior to 
the 1978· 79 academic year. 

The fellowship, estabiished 
in memory of Gambee, will be 
awarded with preference to a 
student doing a project in an 
area in which he was 
interested-naturalists Itudy 
in Yosemite , s tudent 
government or music . 

Fellowship applications are 
available in each college 
Student Financial Servic 
Office in the Administrative 
Complex. 

Jackson State Killings 
Debated 1 0 Years Later 

JACKSON, MS (AP) - The 65 state 
troopers and city police in riot gear marched in 
formation toward the crowd of black. outside a 
women's dormitory at Jackson State College. 

An officer with a bullhorn ordered them to 
disperse. A trooper fell to the ground, 
apparently hit by a thrown rock or bottle. 

Po~ce opened fire on the crowd in a 25· 
second barrage that left two young Blacks dead, 
seven wounded and the dormitory riddled with 
400 bullet holes . 

That was on May 14 , 1970, two weeks after 
National Guardsmen had opened fire on 
students at Kent State University in Ohio, 
leaving four dead and nine wounded. 

The question then, and still debated a decade 
later, is whether the police were justified in firing 
at the students. 

Most of the commissions and courts that 
examined the violence in later years agreed the 
officers overreacted. 

It happened this way on that May evening 10 
year. ago Wednesday: 

Po~ce has been put on alert earlier in the 
evening. 

Young Blacks were tossing bottles and rocks 
at passing motorists on Lynch Street, which runs 
through the heart of the campus. 

Firemen en route to a fire were pelted with 
rocks, apparently by young Blacks living in the 
area. 

Dozens of the 3,700 students at the college 
poured out of their rooms and gathered in front 
of Alexander Hall , a women's dormitory 
/ronting Lynch Street, to watch. 

The state and city police were sent to the 
scene. 

Then someone reported hearing shots at the 
women's dormitory. Police quickly moved to the 
area. An officer, speaking throullh a bullhorn, 
sounded an appeal for order . Then came the 
gunfire. 

The dead included a track star. 
Officers said they opened fire only alter 

someone reported a sniper shooting from a 
window at the women's dormitory and alter a 
Highway Patrol officer fell to the ground when 
hit by a thrown missile . 

A federal appeals court , ruling in September 
1974 on a suit filed by survivors of the two dead 
youths, said "the barrage of gunfire far 
exceeded the response that was appropriate." 
However, the court ruled there was no way to 
recover damages from the stateof Mississippi or 
the officers who had marched onto the campus. 

Law Student Legal Services 
Continued from page 1 

"A great number 01 students are being sent to 
court and getting records that hurt their furture 
employment chances over some really petty 
stull. The police said they were wilfing to turn 
over 'some of the cases to the university if we had 
lOme formal procedure to deal with them, and 
that is what we are trying to do in establishing a 
students conduct code," Aguilar said. 

Aguilar also defended the need for a campus 
attorney in arrest cases. "When I get a call from 
a student in jail, a phone call from the office is 
usually sufficient to get the student released on 
his own recognizance because I have a rapport 
with the judges and can get records and say, 
100k, this student has such and such a grade 
point and lives here and is attending the 
university and it helps," Aguilar maintained. 

He admitted under questioning that a lawyer 
was not necessary once the codes were 
instituted, but noted that referral to the 
university's dilOCiplinary system was not 
automatic. 

How long the interns could work was 
questioned by Aguilar. The USD school year 
ends in late April; UCSD's in mid·June. Riley 
conceded that the interns would probably not be 
able to serve the year. 

1980 
UC San Diego 

Summer Session 
catalogs ~~~ Are Available 

UC San Diego Summer Session Catalogs are 
available at the Summer Session Office, 

106 Mministrative Complex (Chancellor's 
Complex). For further info. or to receive a free 

copy of the catalog. call (714) 452-4364. 

Health Sciences 
Advisory Program 

PRE,MED, PRE,DENT, 
PRE,HEAL TH PROFESSIONALS 

~mmittee InterViews~re com i ng to a close! Last day for committee sign,up 
. is Friday, May 16. 

Call Pam Henderson at 
452,3750 ta sign up. 

5 The Daily Guardian Monday, May 12, '1980 

West of the Pecos (1957) Old Detective (crime) 
Gunslinger John Wayne, in DiAcovering that he is too 

one of his most convincing senile and decrepit to match Arts/William Hamilton 

TV Network: Any relemblance to real programs is remarkable. 
performances, takes on the wit. and mUlcle again.t 
Populist Movement. younger criminals, Geezer 
The House That Dripped Crone hands over the bu.inea. 

The quality of American 
television' programming has 
reached an all· time nadir. A 
large percentage of the public 
is luUed through television's 
fantasy stories into vicariously 
experiencing reruns of their 
own lives, and detached from 
reality as a result. 

Blood (1968) to his IOn·in.law. 
A mar ned couple vacatio· pennicillin. Documentary on the Fat Detective (crime) 

ning in Turkey are pursued all Benny (1974) Pentagon. Chubby Banner smashes a 
over creation by ruthless Loveable ~ttle Benny is Super Spy (1970) smuggling ring by litting on it. 
killers for no apparent reason. given the boot by his master Sex and Death, and a lot of Stupid Deteclive (crime) 

The Miracle of SI. Maria and lives out of trash cans until it. Mort Jones happens upon a 
Theresa (1951) picked up by a kindly dog· Attack of the Giant Crab robbery and accidentally 

An impoverished little girl in catcher and destroyed. Louse (1950) shoots himself. 
a small Italian village Godzi/la Joins the Navy A crab louse on a technician Deaf·mute Detective (crime) 
fabricates a story about seeing (1942) at a nudear factory facility After four consecutive 

Television should either 
candidly reflect real events 
and .ituations or parody itself 
10 that its audience will not 
suffer from the illusion that this 

an appari tion of the The famous movie monster sea. on. without a ca.e, 
Immaculate Conception and is enlists in the Navy after being private eye Richard Harris 
immediately canonized. promised fint crack at Tokyo. finally break. down and hires a 
Her cui e s Ve r sus the StandinR Tall (1973) receptionist to answer the 
Communist Bloc (Italy, Sheriff Beauregard Cretin, telephone. 
1963) a lowly white trash hick, who is Dead Detective (crime) . i, a Hugh Hefner world. With 

this in mind, here is a sneak 
preview of progressive 
television. 

A time warp lands Hercules so stupid that you could tell Alter having.been killed in a 
in 20th century · Eastern him 50 to his face with 'iir crash, private eye ROlei' 
Europe, where he takes on the impunity, creatively enforces Mortis finds readjustment to 
Warsaw Pact. the law with a bullwhip. hi. . b difficult. Movies 

Sudden Death Overtime 
(1979) 

Tarzan Again (1947) Hideous Monster From Planet grows to incredible size, Kilfer Cops (po~ce) 
Tarzan, after battling a X (1957) demolishes New York, has a Honcho's SWEAT team is 

A technician is called in late 
at night to fix a damaged 
nuclear reaelor. 

white land developer's attempt Are p u lsi v e , s lim y , brief affair with the Statue of called in to ice a hostile crowd 
to turn Kenya into a parking murderous being from another Uberty, then moves in with ihe of anti· nuke demonatralon 
lot, returns home to find Jane, world kills everything that gets Jolly Gree1} Giant. ~ith conventional weapona. 
Cheetah and Boy in a menage in its way, induding the film Dramas Regulation Cop (police) The Three Stooges Visit a 

Brothel (1960) a lois. crew of this sci·fi classic. Cool Detective (crime) Officer Joe Ye.terday 
The Road to Tijuana (1939) Beach Blanket Bingo Killer Fed·up with two yearl of di.palllionately moralize. After 40 year. of celibacy, 

Larry, Moe and Curly Joe visit 
a local house of iII·repute for 
lOme S and M action. 
Ineident at Istanbul (1958) 

Hope and Crolby, on the ( 1961 ) being a regular guy, Machete about the same old .hit and 
lam to avoid the IRS, vacation Po~ce pursue Fabian for the finally narcs out on all his finally trades in his badge for a 
for a few weeks in SUMY brutal murder of Annette and friends and goes back to being halo. 
Mexico ~~til t~.r..~ _out:..::o:..f __ T:..o:::m=.:m.:.:!y:..:.. _________ a::...::.s.:.:tu.:.:n.:.:t....:.m_an.:.:....-. ____________ Pl_e_a_se_ tu_m_ to_fXl_ fle_'_2 

OpY_-3444 ~ft.'E of Jolla ~ 9 .....f~ .. ltqso" 
.,. ...... 51 La coPiU 

Instea... XEROX Dr. Alan Leventhal, 0.0. Dr. Neville Cohen, 0 .0 . 
.. protee.eioaal corporaUoa 

Academic 
Internship 
Program 

SOCIAL SERVICE INTERNSHIPS 
INTERNATIONAL RESCUE COMMITIEE; Help Indochinese refugees. Meet 
families at airport. find housing. work in health care. media, etc. 
GATEHOUSE; Run·away youth facility. Milieu therapy; individual and 8J"oup 
counseling. 
CRASH; Non·medical detoxification center. Counseling, bio·feedback. 
CAMP ,OAN MEIK FOR HANDICAPPED CHILDREN; Counselor at L.A. summer 
camp. 

MISCELLANEOUS 
REAL EST A TElBANKING; Internships for economics, management,science 
and math majors. 
DYNA INDUSTRIES; Graphic artist trainee. 
CITY OF ESCONDIDO: Write a history of the city. Be a published author. 
SAN DIEGO ctTY SCHOOL SYSTEM: Teacher aide. 

and many. many more ... 

PRE-MED 
DEPARTMENT OF DENTISTRY, NAVAL REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER: 
Observe progressive dentistry. All specialities-periodontics, endodontia. oral 
surgery, etc. 
UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL: Develop instructional materials to explain medical 
care system to Indochinese refugees. 
SUMMER UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH PROGRAM IN CHEMISTRY; 
Opportunity to research topics in all areas of chemistry at the University of 
Utah in Salt Lake City. 
REVERE DEVELOPMENT CENTER: Assist occupational and physical 
therapist. 
V.A. HOSPITAL-AUDIOLOGYISPEECH PATHOLOGY; Research in speech 
pathology. 
BEACH AREA WOMEN'S CUNIC; Patient interviewers. exam room aides and 
birth control/pregnancy counselors. 
ELLIOT FIELD STATION: Work In Animal Diagnostic Lab in bacterial 
culture work or In Veterinary Research Lab on immunity to infectJous 
disease. 

WHAT'S AN ACADEMIC 
INTERNSHIP? 
You can work in a career-related, 
off-campus placement and earn credit 
through the Academic Internship 
Program. 
Gain practical experience ... 
Apply what you are learning in the 
cl_room ... 
Make younelf more employable ... 
Check out career interea18 ... 
Earn academic credit. 
It's a valuable academic experience. 
You'll work with a faculty advisor in 
developing a research paper topic and 
in selting goals for your internship. 
Each placement is correlated to your 
major and designed to complement 
your academic work. 

COMMUNICATIONS 
KGB RADIO: Tape editing. writing. 
editing and interviews. 
THE SAN DlEGAN; Layout, display 
ads, advertising makeup on small 
magazine. 
HANDYMAN; Video 
production-technical aspects. 

PRE-LAW 
We have excellent internships in 
private law firms and in public 
defense agencies. 

Learn legal research techniques. 
Prepare the defense of a criminal case 
including interviews, field 
investigation and research . 

CITY, COUNTY, STATE, 
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT 
A wide variety of jobs 8re available in 
many majors . See what irs like to 
work for the government. 

North Coanty Medical Ce.ter 
9II6Ii Brma Roe.d, Suite 107 

Min M_ 581-8800 

HOW MANY HOURS A WEEK 
DO I WORK? 
From 10 to 40 hours a week for 10 or 
20 weeks. -

HOW MANY UNITS OF CREDIT 
IS IT POSSIBLE TO EARN? 
From 4 to 16. 

WlLL I GET PAID? 
Probably not. Who needs money 
when you're getting education, 
experience and contacts? 

HOW DO J FIND A PLACEMENT? 
We find one- or you can help 
develop your own. 

Examples in Los Angeles: Investigate 
complaints of illegal discriminatioo 
in housing; City Council constituent 
work- press aide, speaker. newsletter 
editor; tutoring/counseling. 

POLmcs 
City Council , Board o(Supervisor~, 
Congressmen, Senators-take your 
pick. Work here or in Washington, 
D.C. Research issues. write reports , 
answer constituent mail. compile 
data , monitor sessions. 
CALPIRG: Provide consumer 
information in such areas as food and 
nutrition. energy audlt. legislative 
lobbying. etc. 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 
Students from all UC campuses will 
be housed in one location this year. 
Social and educational events are 
being planned. It's going to be a great 
year in the capitol. Internships 
available year·round. 



6 The Daily Guanian 

Academic Services 
M()N)A Y THRU FRIDAY 
OASIS Writina Center oU.n frft .. rvice for aU UCSD student. 
who .-d pre-wrilina help, c:onf_nces on dralt., and editi ... 
advice. We elll .. any kind of writina and any kind of writilll 
problem. Cal 452·2284 alter 8: 15 am 10 schedule an 
appoinImenI or drop in USB 401 0 8:30-4:00 pm. Conferences 
are _ available Sunday evenillls from 6.8 pm at The T~rd 
Place, located at Third Collqe acrou Irom the Munch Box. 
10:00· 3pn.-y t-. on !he '- - OASIS TARGET 
STIJDY SKIlLS Seminar covenJl8 WRlnNG THE TERM 
PAPER every hour on tho how from 10 am to 3 pm in 4010 
USB. Individual i .. truction available. CaD 452·2284 or come 
by 4010 USB lor more inforrnalion. Servicea are Me. 
7:00·11:00 .... - fOCUS, UCSD'. heIpJi.w it here to litten 
10 you. Cal lOa everynishllrorn 7 pm 10 11 pm. 

MON)AY 
9:00 • 9:50 am - Revelle Humanities Ataipmenl Brainatorm: 
SmaI poup dau lor Revelle studenla enrolled in Humanities 
Secpnce 12C L.uft section. Preparation for writina cireded lit C putiaMr auipmere. CIua IMeta in 4070 USB. 

..eel by OASIS WribIlIf Center. 
10:00 • 10:50 .. - Revelle HurnaniIiea Aaaianment 
BninIam: s.-u poup dau for Revelle atudenb enroled in 
HurnaniIiee Sequence II C Saville aedion. Preparation for 
wriIinc cIireded lit your puticuIar auigrwnent. CIau !Met. in 
4070 USB. Spon.cnd by OASIS Writina Center. 
10:00 .2:00 ... - Tey-Sact.. Diaeaae Inlonnation Day: The 
California ~1-Sact.. DiM_ Prevention Protram wiI operate a 
table lit Plaza. ..... ture and an audio-viaual display wiI 
bendable. 
10:30· 1:00 ... - Eatin8 Die«dera Group · Do you binge and 
tt.. f .. or purJe youneII 01 the food? Do yo aometirnea stop 
.... or reduce your food intake to the point where either you or 
odBs lee! this endangers ,.,.. haIth? If so, call facilitator 
MinIm Leven. at exeention 3755. At Warren Colege Provoet's 
Office. 
1:00 • 2:00 JIIII - CAREER OPTIONS ADVISING 
SDSIONS • WCIIIMI MviIinc rneetinp for Hurnanitiea and 
Saa.I Sciencee SIud.nu' 10 apIore occupational ..,..;biIibn. 
At TCPB Hm. 108, Third College. 
1:00·3:00.- - CAREER ADVISING PROGRAM/HUM· 
ANI11£S Alm SOCIAL SCIENCES. Open houn adviai ... 
...... i.onnIII with the coordinator for H&.SS aerfices, 
IoaIIirw pII1iaUrIy 011 job ~ and ...... le/prol. school 
__ . NO ...,.. .. netll ia necaary, howYer it is adviaable 10 
.me..t,. ~ made after fftt advi.inI--' on 
...t.rnI bMia. iii t-1'Iannini & Placement, SIuJent Center &WI. a ' 

1l£!IDAY 
9:00· 1:50am - Revelle Humanities Auignment Brainatorm: 
Smd I'OUII dau for Revelle atudenta ervoIed in Humanitiea 
Secpnce 11 C Marino section. ~ for writing directed 
at yfU puticuIar auiprnenl. a... IMeta in 4070 USB. 
Spcx..-ed by OASIS Writinc Center. 
9:00· 10:00 r.: -"Gram.tionitis" . ~ ia a cliacUNion and 

~ poup or studenla who wi8 be gramati"l in June or at 
!he end of the summer teaaion, and who are (a) scared, and/or 
(b) don't know what they'll be doing, and/or (c) have questions 
about the ... unIcnown. Cal facilitaton Rhoda 0It.in at " 3755 
or BriIIrI Storn at x 3987 10 sign up. Group meets at W I!neft 
Cole .. buiIdinc 412, room 5. 
10:00· 10:50 - Re¥de Humanities Ataignnwnt Brainalonn: 
SmaI group dau for Revelle students enrolled in Humanities 

~e 12C Lyon aection. Preparation for writing directed at 
yo..- perticuIar auignment. C1ua IMeta in 4070 USB. 
Sponsored by OASIS Wri!inR Center. 

MONDAY· T\JESDAY 
All Da, - CydiJl8 vs. Dominguez Hilla. Away. 

MON>AY 
12:00 • 12:30 pm - Noon conditioning Workahop with 
Joelen Barnell. Open 10 studenta, ltaU and faculty. Wrestlina 
room. 

4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastic. Ckj, sponaores open workout. 
Monday·friday, at this time in the South Bakony 01 the Main 
Gym. Any UCSD allibtes interesled in joining us are wek:orne! 
4:00 ·6:00 jII1I- Table Tennis dub rMels for open play in RK 
Conference Room. 
5 :00 pm - K.ate Club practice, North Balcony, Main Gym. 
8:00 • 10:00 pm - laraeli folkdance Club . .loin us for open 
dancinc in Rec: Conf Rrn. 
8 :00 • 11 :00 .... - Wre.t1ing Club , Wrestling Room, Main 
Gym. 

nJESDAY • SA ruRDA Y 
AD Day - Men's Tennis NCAA National Championships. At 
Harvey.Mudd. 

nJESDAY 
12:00 • 12:30 pm - Noon conditioning workshop with Joellen 
Barnett. Open to student, .taU and fawlly . Wrestling Room . 
3:00 • 5:00 pm- Ultirnate Frisbee practic:e, on Thrd College 
fiSl 
4:00 • 6:00 pn - Gymnastics club open superviaecl workout. 
in the South Bakony 01 the Main Gym. 
5:00 - Karate club pradic:e, North Bakony, Main Gvm. 

10:00 101m - 12:00 noon - Drop-in Hours lor Physic:al and 
Engineering Scienc .. Majors are available to help you with your 
career and job-hunting conc:erna. come by at any time convenient 
to you. At 6205 U .. y Hall. 
10:00 • 4:00 filii - Tay·Sacha Di ...... Carrier Screening 
Clinic : at Muir 'Ooud'. Rest'. 
1:00 • 3:00 - Orop-in How. for Physkal a nd Engineering 
Sciences Majors ar. available to help you with your career and 
job.hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to you. 
4422 Mayer Hall. 
2:00 • 3 :00 pm - Convnitt~ Interview Workshop· Required 
for all student. who will be having Committee Inlerviews for 
health profeaaional schools. At St . At. Con. Rm. 
2:00 • 4:00 pm - CAREER OPTIONS ADVISING 
SESSIONS · infonnal advising meeti .... for Humanities and 
Social Sciences Scudents' to explore occupational pouibilities. 
At Revelle conference room, Revelle Provo.t Office. 
2:00 • 4 : 00 pm - CAREER ADVISING 
PROGRAM/HUMANITIES AND SOCIAL SCIENCES. 
()pen how. advising sessiona infonnal with the coordinator for 
H&5S services, focusi"l particularly on job search and 
graute/prof. school issues. No appointmenl necessary, 
however il is advisable 10 arrive early. Appointment. made alter 
fint adviting .. uion on referral baais. At Career Planning & 
Plac:emenl, Student Center. Bldg. B. 
4:00 pm - Campua Black Fo ...... in T~rd CoDege Conf. room 
141. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Campus Black forum-~ is an informal 
diacuuion group centered on i .. ues, concerns and the quality of 
Iile of the Black community at UCSD. Moe\a weekly at Room 
126/127 the ~ Colle", Provost's Building. PhiJipJ. Raphael 
'" Phyllis Flame, facilitators. CaD Phil at x 3035 or Phyllis al x 
3760 10 sign up. 
7:00.9:00 pm - Bio/o.ern/Physica Ioloring at OASIS Third 
PIau. 

WEDNESDAY 
9:00 .9:50 am - Revelle Humanities AaaignmeniBrainstonn: 
SmaD group daas for Revelle studenu enrolled in Humanities 
Sequence II C .Iolley section. Preparation for writing directed at 
your particular auignment. C1au meeb in 4070 USB. 
Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. 
9:00 • 3:00 pm - T ay.Sacha Dise ... Carrier Screening: 
Revele "Why Not Here". 
1:30 . 11 :30 am - Do you .-d help in preparing for job 
interview.? Somt: tiPl on the best ways 10 preaenI your 
qualifications and whal kind of interview questions to expect. 
Attend the Job Interviewing Woriuhop, in Student Center 
BuiIdi_ .. _ B. Career Planning '" Placement. NO SIGN UPS 
NECESSARY. 
10:00 • 10:50 am - Upper Division Adjunct a.1I. For 
Ira"'er studenu. focus on short term papers, research method., 
cornpoaition, p~tion, and CJr8arUation. CaN IMeta for 
eight weeIu. Room 4070 USB. Sponaored by OASIS WritiJl8 
Center. 
10:00 • 11:00 am - Committee Interview Workshop • 
Re<Pred for .. studenu who wiD be ha ..... Committee 
Interviews for health profealional schoola 81 St. At. Coni. Rm. 
10:00 • 11 :00 am - CAREER OPTIONS ADVISING 
SESSIONS· informal advising meetings lor Humanities and 
Sodal Sciences Student.' 10 explore occupational poaibiJities. 
At Muir LoutIJI" Conferenc:e Rrn. 
12:00 • 2:00 pm - Choosing a major? for all undeclared 
majors, faculty advisors fnom each department wiD be 
.. presented. Stop and talk to an advisor and pick up department 
handouts. College academic co .... aeIors wiI also be available to 
all student. to anawor g~a1 questiona. AI Revel1e Plaza. 
2:00 .4:00 pm - Drop-in houn for Phy.ical and E.ngineeri"l 
Sciences majors ar. available to help you with your career and 
job.hunting c:oncerns. Come by at any time convenient 10 you at 
AP&M 5218. 

Recreation 
5:00 • 5:45 .... - Judo dub, wrestling room. 

WEDNESDAY 
12:00 • 12:30 pm - Noon conditionina workshop with Joellen 
Barnett. Open to student., staU and faculty, _tling room. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnutica Oub sponsors open auperviaed 
workouts lor aU you former gymnast enthusiast. . .loin us! South 
Balcony. 
4:00· 6 :00pm - Table Tennis dub open play, RecConf Rm. 
New player. always wolc:ome! 
5 :00 pm - Karate club, North Balc:ony. 
5:30 • 7 :30 pm - Ballet folldorico, 402 Warren Campus. 
6:30 • 8:00 .... - Aikido club practice, wrollling room. 
7:00 - Scuba Oub Meetif1(l at HSS 1330. 
8:00 • 11:00 .... - Wrestling club, wrestling room. 

THURSDAY · SATURDAY - Women's tennis AIAW 
Regional Championship" at Sonoma. 

1lilJRSOAY 
3 :00 • 5:00 pm - Ultimate Frisbee Club practice on Third 
College Field. 
4:00 • 6 :00 pm - Gymnastic, club open IUpervised workout 
South Balcony of the Main Gym. ' 
5 :00 pm - Karale Club, North Balcony, Main Gym. 
5 :00 • 5 :45 .... - Judo club practice, wrestling room. 
6 :00 • 8 :00 pm - Korean Karale practice North Balcony, 
Main Gym. 
8 :00· 10:00 pm - Jugglinf Club practICes each Thuraday in 
I~~ 

THE 
CAL 

3 :00 • 4: 30 pm - Are you conlused about curriculum changes 
in science, humanities, and foreign language and how they affect 
yow Iaiischeciule? Then come to "Changet at ReveDe: Science. 
Humanities, and Language. At HL 1402. 
5 :00 pm - Study SkiU. for science. At OASIS Third Place. 
10:00 • midnilht - Burn·Out Prevention. OASIS Thi rd 
Placo. 

lliURSDAY 
9:00 • 10:30 am - Are you confused about curriculum 
chanKes in ac:ienee, humanitiea and foreil" lan~je and 
how they affect your fall schedule? Then corne to "Changes 
at Revelle: Science, Humanitie. '" Lansrua,e" at HL Aud. 
10:00 • 12 :00 noon - CAR~ER ADVI SI G 
PROGRAM/HUMANITIES AND SOCIAL SCIENCES. 
Open hows advising sessions inlonnal with the coordinator for 
H&SS .. rvices , focusing primarily on job search and 
graduate/prof. school iaaue • . No appointment is necessary, 
however, il is advisable 10 arrive early. Appointment. made after 
firat adviang .... ion on referral basis. At Career Planning & 

Plac~nt , Student Center, Bldg. B. 
10:00 . 4:00 pm - T ar,'Sacha Dise ... Carrier Sereerung 
Ctinic: Muir "Cloud's Reat . ' 
1:00 • 2 :00 pm - CAREER OPTIONS ADVISI G 
SESSIONS . informal advising meetings for Humanities and 
Social Sciences Students' to explore occupational pouibiliti ... In 
War .. n Provost OUice Conference Rm. 
3:00.4:20 pm - SeIf.Hypno.;' Workshop · In thit workshop 
instruction and traini ... in self·hypnolis wiU be given to .tudenll. 
The major applied are .. to be covered are: I) study habits, 2) 
lest anxiety, 3)general stre .. reduction, and 4) habit control 
(over..,atiJl8, etc.) Facilitator.: Sally Ann Greer, M.A. & Jim 
Harper, M.A . Call Becca al x3755 10 sign up. Enrollment win be 
limited to available ..atiJl8 apace. At Muir Apartmenl TV 
Lounge. 
4:00 pm - Dental School MeetiJl8 . Discuaaion of the 
application process and conaideration of dental school. to which 
apply. at St. At. Conf. Rm . 
5:00 • 6:30 .... - B1ac:k Male Rap group· Meets at the Third 
ColeII"' Provost's Building, Rooms 126/127. Call facilitalor Phil 
RapMelfor more information and 10 sign up. 

FRIDAY 
9:00. 10:00 am - Committee Interview Workshop · Requred 
for aU student. who wiD be having Committee Interviews for 
health profeuional schools at Sc. At. Co •. Rrn. 
9:00 • 3:00 pm - Tay.Sacha Diae ... Carrier Screening 
Clinics: Revel1e "Why Not Here." 

10:00 - 3:00 pm - Tay.Sacha Carrier Screening Clinic: 
WiNer lounge. 
1 :00 • 2 :30 pm - Are you confuaed abot curric:ulum changes 
in science, humanities and foreign iangua", and how they affect 
your laB schedule? Then come 10 "Changs at Revelle: Scienc., 
Humanities & Language." At HL Aud. 
2: 00 • 3:30 pm - Re-entering Scudenb· Support Group · This 
suport groups is for .. ·entering studenu 10 provide them '"' 
enviror-.nent to discuss iaauea and problem. specific: to them and 
to provide a mean. for personal growth . .loan Schick and Mary 
Bec:k, facilitato .... CaD Joan at x 3755 10 sign up. M~II al 
W ..... en College Provost's 9f'ico, 302 WC. 

8:30 pm - Racquetball Oub Night at llack Mountain 
Racquetball Club, 9· 11 pm. $2.00 Meet at Urey HaD mailbox al 
8:30 pm for c:arpoo1q. AD levels 01 olav webme. 
FRIDAY 
12:00· 12:30 pqI- NoonconditioniJl8 workahopwithJoeilen 
Barnett. Open 10 studenta, staH ..d faculty, wrestling room. 
2:00 • 3 :00 pm - Synchronized swimrninl dub rMeta at the 
pool. 
4:00 • 5:30 pm - Gung fu club practic:e, adaptive room, main 
gym. 
4;00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastic. club aponaon open workout in 
the South Balcony of the Main Gym . .loin U.! 
4:00·6:00 pm - Table Tenniaclub meeta for open play inth. 
Rec Conference Room, RK Gym. Now players always wek:ome! 
5:00 pm - Karate dub pradice, North Balc:ony, Main Gym. 
8:00 • 11:00 pm - Wrestling club, wresttiJl8 room, main gym. 

SAruRDAY 
7:00 am - Men'. and Women'. Crew - W .. tern Sprinu, 
11 :00 . 2:00!Jll' -Ultimate friabeeClub haspractic:e today at 
Third College Field. 
12:00 n~ - CHESS TOURNAMENT free for all, studentl, 
fac:uky, alaU, at Stud..,t Cellter, North Conference Room. 
1:00 • 4:00 pm - Karate workshop with Muter Nishiyama, 
pie..., .iBn up in advance at the Campus RK. Office. To be held 
in the Main Gym. 
4 :00 • 6 :00 pm - Boxing Club practice Wre.lling Rm. 

SUlIDAY 
10:00 · 12 _ - Synchronized swimming club !Meta at the 
pool. 

MCJnday, May 12, 1980 The Daily Guardian 
. 7 

EKLY 
DAR 

Entertainment 

Meetings 
y 

2:00 noon - AASA meeting · We need 10 discuu plant for 
year, AASA office. 

- CalPIRG meeting 10 plan distribution 01 
"eSllon,alfe ' and bookstore survey assignments. ALL 

ENTS WELCOME, a t CaIPIRG office, near women', 

pm - Coop meeting for Assorted Vinyl. All member. 
attend. 

pm - Reg. Fee. Committee Meeting. Liz Riley , chair. 
allocations wiU be reviewed. Mark Williams, Budget 

At Medical Teaching Facility, rm. 175. 
- Introductory meeting of the Organization lor the 

01 Space Industrialization and Settlement 
and the L·5 Society. Slides and lecture. All are 

at Lecture Hall of Reuben H. fleet Space Cenler, 

Religious 
noon - Catholic Bible Study. Location: Student Center 
upstair •. 

- La~ter-day Saint. Student Asaociation Old T .. lamenl 
Locabon: LOS In.blole aooss streel from Muir campus. 

Y 
noon - Perspectives on Religion Series Bernard 

Catholic Campus Minister, leada the discuuion on 
'" R .. urrec:tion of Jesus in Liberation lneoIogy" at 

Informal LoWlge. 
pm - Catholic Bible lIudy at Univ. Lutheran Churc:h. 

'EDNESIJ'''Y 
Cluster Bible Study, open to everyone at the lounge 

vn"rerSlltv Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. near 
T arrey Pines. 
pm - Latter Day Saint Student Association Old 

Cia ... Location: LOS Institute aerON the street from 
campus. 

-:- Christian Inquirers Seminar in the P .. lor's study at 
Lutheran Church. 

-Inter Vanity . Trident Christian fellowship. World 
and speakers, including ex·UCSD studenl John 

At Muir Apt. LoWlg. 

am - Catholic: mass al University Lutheran Church. 
am - Lutheran worship eervice held al University 

Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, near North 
Pines Road. Everyone is _Icome! 
am - Catholic: maN at University Lutheran Church. 
Noon - Episcopal Eucharist. Location: University 

Church, 9595 La .Io11a Shores Dr. 
- Catholic M .... Location: Universily Lutheran 

MONDAY - FRIDAY 
SMW by Carol Stephens "A f amily i. a Promistlo Keep." There 
will be a performance, the time will be posted al the gallery. AI 
Mandeville Annex gallery. 

MONDAY 
8:00 pm - Ken Kesey's America's Mightiest Home Movie 
adapted for the stage. Neal Cassidy at the wheel of the Magical 
Mystery Bus Tnp. MUilc by the Grateful Dead. Discussion a nd 
reception following the presentation. At Old Globe Cauius 
Carter Centre Stage, $1 .00 donation. 

TUESDAY 
6:30 pm - Robin Houslon is going to talk about mountain 
medicine and his work on Mt. Logan, a/ter the Outing Club 
meeting. Everyone welcome! At Re<:. Gym Conf. Rrn. 

THURSDAY 
7:00 pm - San Diego County Judge Erne.t Borunda will 
prelOnt a talk on the use of small claima courts. The pre .. ntation 
will involve a mock trial descriebon to show how to socc_fully 
prosecute a small c1airm case. This is a must for anyonewhoh .. 
landlord problems, dispule. with bu.ineaarnen, etc. From 
P.LE.A. of courao. AI North Conference Room, free. 

7:30 pm - EAST EUROPEAN FILM "LOVE" The story 01 a 
dignified old woman in failing health .. ceiving letters from her 
IOn in America, letler. adually written by her daughter·in·law to 
protect the older woman from the knowledge of her son's 
confinemenl in Hungary as a political pr;'oner. At HL 1402. 

8:00 pm - AMEN CORNER it James Baldwin'. potent vition 
of the vibrant reality surrounding a storefront church in Harlem. 
It protrays Ihe explosive conflict belween the woman who h .. 
created the church and her jazz musician son, and provides 
powerful drama filled with jazz mu.ic, go.pel.ifl8ing, lallBhter 
and tears. Tickels are available at lhe UCSD Theatre Ticket 
Olfic:e, noon · 4:30 weekday., or call 452·4574. Admillion is 
$3.25 for student., $4.50 general admiuion, at UCSD Theatre, 
Warren Campus. 

FRID .. y 
7:00 pm - Film: "Battle of Algiers," Pontecorvo's classic film 
on tho IIruggie 01 the Algerian people againat the French 
colonist.. Sponsored by the Committee (or World Democracy, in 
USB 2722. 

Lectures 
MONDAY 
7:30 pm - The Advanced Institute to Reincarnate Ronald 
Reagan, as weB at the San Diello Meditation Club, WILL be 
sponsoring a workshop in REINCARNATION, conducted ~ 
author of LIFETIMES, Frederick Lenz, PhD. Thats 

~eincarntion • bac~ by. popular demand • learn to remember past 
Iivea through meditation techntques. Become immortal! Say, 
"I'm not dead, yet!" At HL 1148. 

TUESDAY 
12:00 noon - Lecture on Pluma Physics research going on by 
the Malmberg group. Brought to you by the never ending Sciety 
of Physics Siudent.. Free! r. ask Bonnie x 3290 at USB 
4020A. 

Noon· 1:00 pm - Contraceptive Education Seasion: Informal 
diacuuion; aU must attend to receive birth control .. rvices and 
men are encouraged to attend .. weU. No appl neees .. ry, 
located in the conference room at the UCSD Student Health 
Cmer. 

8 :00 pm - SPRING'S AWAKENING by frank Wedekind 
was one 01 the precursors of expre.isonitm that was a shockiflll 
theatre pieu in it. day and remains so today. Throughout the 
play the parents and educators are shown to be the true cause 01 
the tragedy of youth becau .. of their stuli/Ying attilude. lowards 
sex. Call the UCSD lneatre Ticket Office, 452-4574 for 
information. At John Muir Theatre (H&5S 2250, admillion 
99c at door). 

SAruRDAY 
12:00 am - CHESS TOURNAMENT, just come and play at 
Student Center North Conference Room. 
8:00 pm - SPRING'S AWAKENING by frank WEdekind 
was one of the precursors of expre.sionism that was a shockilll 
theatre piece in its day and remains so today. Throughout the 
play the parent. the educator. are shown to be the true cause of 
the tragedy of youth because of their stuli/Ying attitudes loward. 
sex. Call the UCSD lneatre Ticket Offic:e, 452-4574 for 
information. At John Muir Theatre (2250 H&SS, adrniuion 
99c al door). 
8:00 pm - AMEN CORNER it James Baldwin's potent viIion 
of the vibranl reality .urrounding a slorefront church in Harlern. 
It portrays the explOlive conflict between tho woman who haa 
created the c:hurch and her jazz musician son, .nd ~ovides 
powerful drama 6Ued with jazz music, gospel airlJiJl8, ~ Iller 
and tears. Tickets are available at the UCSD Theatre 1C1tet 
Office, noon-4:30 weekday., or call 452-4574. At UCSD 
lneatre , Warren Campus, admission $3.25 st..denta, $4.50 
general admiNion. 

SUNDAY 
8:30 pm - SPRING'S AWAKENING by frank Wedekind 
was one of the precursors of expreaaionaim that was a shocki"l 
theatre piece in its day and remain. so today. Throughout the 
play the parenu and educators a .. shown to be the true cause 01 
the tragedy of youth because of their stuli/Ying attitudes towards 
sex. Call the UCSD Theatre Ticket Office, 452·4574 for 
information. AI John Muir Thealre (H&SS 2250, adrniuion 
99c at door). 
8:00 pm - AMEN CORNER is James Baldwin's potent vision 
of the vibrant reality .urrounding a storefroilt church in Harlem. 
II portray. the explOlive conflict between the woman who has 
created the church and her jazz music:ian son, and provides 
powerful drama liUed with jazz music, goepel singing, IallJlhter 
and lear • . Tickets are available at the UCSD Theatro Ticket 
OHice, noon·4:30 weekdays, or call 452-4574. At UCSD 
Theatre, Warren Campus, admiNion $3.25 .tudents, $4.50 
general admiaaion. 

4:00 pm - Chemical·Physic:a seminar: "Two-Photon 
~oscopy of DiphenylButa~ and Polyene. Related to the 
Vision ProceN: by spr!uer Prof. Robert Birge, Dept. 01 
Chernittry, UC Riverside, at Bonner Hall 2105. 

WEDNESDAY 
12:00 • 1:00 pm - CONTRACEPTIVE EDUCATION 
SESSION: Informal discUNion; aU must attend to receive birth 
control .. rvices and men are encourageclto attend .. well. No 
appl. nee .. aary, located in the conferenc:e room at the UCSD 
Student Health Center. 
3:45 pm - "Biosynthesis of Iscprenylatedlndole Metabilites" 
with apeaker Prof. Kevin Barrow, Department of Chemistry 
University of New South Wales, AUSTRA L1A at Third ConeF 
Lecture HaD, 104. 

FRIDAY 
12:00 noon - Biochemistry Seminar: " DNA and RNA" by 
ape~er ~of. John Alhelaon, Dept. of Chemistry, UCSD. At 
Balle Saenee Bldg., 2100 (Garren Auditorium). 
6:30 pm - "Space Colonies: The High Frontier" wiU be the 
subject 01 a lecture and slide pre .. nlation by Alan Katz 01 the 
Org ... ization lor the Advancement of Space Industrialization 
and Settlement and the L·5 aociety. At Reuben H . Fleet Space 
Theatre, Balboa P.k. 

CAREER PLANNING & PLACEMENT'S 0 SlreYen 5 
CAREER 

Elraronic: Engineer: $25.00lhr. BS in EE (6915). 
Editorial Manager: $14,000 annual. Degree helpful but not IlecelAry (6916). 
Salea Rep: $200-250/ wk DOE. Sales oriented, mons desire to succeed (6913). 

CURRENT EVINTS AND ANNOUNClMEN1I 
Special editions of ON CAMPUS RECRUI1lNG PROORAM. 

Burroughs Wellrome is hOllting a special information meeting at 3 :30 pm on 
Wednesday, May 14 at Careet Planning & Placement, Student Affairs 
Conference Room. Afterward, we will be scheduling individual interviews with 
them. Come find out what B--W is all about. 

Santa Ana Unified School District is hiring elementary education teachersl 
Interview. will take place in TEP-118 TCSS, Thursday , May 15, 1980. Sign up 
there. 

United Computing Sy.tem will interview on campus Thursday, May 15. If 
you couldn't get in to see them before, here's your chance. Sign up in Career 
Planning & Plac:ement. 

Shell Devdopment Company's biological science research center near 
Modesto, CA ha sever.1 immediate openinp (or laboratory technicials to 
provide support to rnearch programs. A . trong chemistry baa ground is 
required, including ~nera l chem and o rganic chem courses with 2 years' 

soclated labs. A bachelor's in biochemistry could be adva ntagreous. Sign up in 
areer Planning by WednMay, May 14. 

This is a sampling of opportunities listed with Career Planning 
&. Placement as of last Wednesday morning. Visit us at the 
Student Center, Bldg. B. WE ARE HERE TO HELP! 

Action's back and we've got them! The Peace Corps/ Vista recruiter will be 
back on campus Wednesday , May 21, 1980. If you haven ' t yet seen him, silP' up 
In Career Plannln!! and pick up an application to fill out. 

COMMITTEE INTERVIEW WORKSHOPS: 
Required for all students who will be having Committee Interviews for health 
professional schools. 
Tuesday, May 13, 1980 from 2:00 ro J :OO pm in Student Affairs Conference 
Room. 
W ednesday, May 14, 19 0 from 10:00 to 11 :00 am in the Student Affairs 
Conference Room. 
Friday, May 16, 1980 fro m 9:00 to 10 :00 am in the wdent Affai rs Conference 
Room 

PRE· DENTAL SCH L MEETING: 
Discussion of tl,e application process and c nsiderat ion of dental school to 
which t apply . Thursday , May 15,4 :00 pm In the tuden! Affairs nferen e 
Room. 

~. 



GoIng Somewhere? 
Let us help you get there ... 

experienced In ALL types of travel: 
Domestic and international Airline Travel 

Eurall Passes 
Cruises 

Charters 
eonv.nlenlly located In La Jolla VIllage Square 

(neot 10 &..Ilock·s Wilshloe) 

Our setVlces are 
free to youl V IDE ORlD TOURS Open Mon-Sat ~7710 

from the UEO Film Committee ... 

"IF I_E YOU, I WGULII'T VAIT I 
.1 .. TO SEE 'HEIVEII ell _rrl" 

"ALMOST SURE TO BE THE MOST POPULAR ENTER-
TAINMENT OF THE SUMMER. THE MOVIE HAS 
EVERYTHING QOINO FOR n: 'HEAVEN CAN..r_ NONSTOP PLEAlURE." - __ . __ 

"THE MOST DELIGHTFUL MOVIE THE YEAR HAS 
OFfEREDIIT GETS FUNNIER. RICHER AND MORE 
MOVING AS IT GOES ALONG." - .... _ ._ 

"WARREN IEATTY HAS A WINNER. A CELESTIAL 
DEUQHT. THE LAUGHS START HERE AND EXTEND TOlAlORDAY." - ... _ . ___ -

"PlEASE RUN, DON'T WAlK, TO WMREN IEATTY'S 
SUPERI 'HEAVEN CAN VMIT' ... A CELESTIAL DELIOHT." -__ , . ...,.,., 

" 'HEAVEN CAN WAIT' GIVES ONE THE FEEUNG OF 
IEING ON CLOUD '." -_""'-___ -

"EASIlV ONE OF THE YEAR'S lEST MOVIES." 
_ 1ab,-", ,,.c.T\I 

"HAlLelUJAH. THIS IS THE lEST NEW MOVIE I'VE SEEN THIS YEAR. GO SEE IT." -___ TV 

(mil.., 
~ ofW~E llfj 
'. v ~ 
JL 

~ ~ H~ &&~~w~~ 

- Gene Shallt , NBC"" 

SCAEENf'\AV BY ElAINE MAY AND WARREN BEATTY PRDOUCEDBY WARREN BEATTY 
IlIA£CTEDBY WARREN BEATTYANO BUC1\ HENRY Rfad.hfBlllon. , ... PaperI>ock i.AJ 
.~_~~~~ f" .• 0-4_ao "" ~'_ 'fI-" ."..-_ .... R" .... _ APARAMOUNTPtcTURE~ 

THIS FRIDAYI 
8:00 pm. Mandeville Aud 

$1.75 UEO lox Office 

'., .... , 

8 

Harkins & Larson 
Liven Up Series 

Musical America Maga-
zine say, that Harkinl &: 
Lanon (The) offered "the 
most uinely hiIarioua and 
skiller'piece, of muaical 
theater we've ever leen." 

The zany duo wiD appear on 
the Wednesday Evenings at 
the Mandeville Center aeries. 
sponsored by the UCSD 
MllIic Department, May 21 , 
at 8 pm , Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Ticketa available at UCSD 
Box OHice and at the door. 
For information call 452-
3229. 

There will be an open 
poetry readm, tonight at 
7 :30 pm at DG Wills 
Bookstore in La JoDa. Writers 
are encouraged to come with 
their manuscripts in hand. DG 
WiDs is located at 7527 ' La 

JoDa Blvd., near Pearl Street, 
acroll from the Ski Chalet. 

·~56- 1800. 

The next program of 
Mini-Concerta-At-Noon, 
sponsored by . the Athenae-
um Music and Arts Library, 
wiD present PURL: the jan 
continuum in a special 
concert of Jazz-on-the-
Green, Monday, May 12th. 

The public is invited 10 this 
free lunch-time event, noon 
to 1 pm, and encouraged to 
bring sack lunches. 
Complimentary beverages 
and cookies will be served. 

The Athencleum Music 
and Arts Library of La Jolla 
is located at 1008 WaD 
Street near Girard Avenue. 

Phone 454-5872 for more 
information_ 

OPEN! 
--Housing & Food Services-......, 

INTERNSHIP 
Apply at Student Employment, 

Warren Campus 210. 

This is a paid position 
for next academic year, 

Res Halls or 
Food Experience 

Required, 

For more Intonnallon. 
call 452...,15. 

Monday, May 12, 1980 The Daily Guarcillll 

Not A 'Balkan' players from ~lI over th~country_ They 
wear I.?ng hrur ~d umforms of bright 

Stat A red striPes, plaYing in the fluid , free-e nymore wheeling style perfected by the great 
Dutch and Italian teams. The sports 
pages c~ver n~t only their games, but 
also their affairs and divorces, their 
penchants for fast cars and beautiful 
women. 

C.onrinued from pa~e 2 
things. A young Serbian woman in 
Belgrade listens to rock mus ic from 
Dalmatia. Objecting to a story I have' 
wntten, she asks, "Do you think it will 
help Yugoslavia?" 
. ~me changes in Yugoslavia are 
inevitable, but they promise to be more 
complicated than a simple struggle 
between nationality groups, or between 
pro and anti-Soviet factions. The real 
divi.sions which exist in Yugoslav 
society today may be symbolized by 
the difference between Belgrade's two 
professional soccer teams called 
Partizan and Red Star_ ' 

Partizan is the former Army team 
and stiD finds its support amon~ 

f~ilies with ties to the Army and the 
pO~I~e, and ';'I'1l0ng certain party 
!>ffl~laI.s-the ~nd of people described 
In diSSident writer Maovan Djilas' The 
New Class . The players wear short 
hair and austere black and white 
uniforms, while their style of play is 
characterized by rigid discipline. There 
are no "personalities" on the Partizan 
team. 

Red Star was started as ' a self-
managed enterprise made up of civilian 

Red Star fans are often drunk and 
unruly , but always passionately loyal . 
Not part of a single estahlished order, 
these people may be mechanics 
unskilled workers, students, iournalist~ 
or intellectuals. The members of the 
intelligentsia among them might be 
found at the Writers' Club a fe,tive 
gathering place for literary ~d artistic 
types ~ho ~onsume large quantities of 
Slovem_n wme 'and {oie gras . 

Yugoslavia is now governed by a 
24-member collective presidium which 
on cermonial occasions actually sings 
a song called, "Comrade Tito, We 
Swear That We Shall Never Deviate 
From Your Path." 

As the traces of that path become 
~arder to find, however, the presidium 
IS bound to be drawn into the backstage 
struggle between these two areas of 
power: on one hand, the police, the 
army and conservative party 
members; on the other a combination 
of liberal party ~embers and 
nO!"!f1embers. Both sides envision a 
umfled and socialist Yugoslavia, but 

Warren & Muir Colleges 
Semi~Formal 

they obviously differ on how these 
!erms should define a way of life. 

Writing in a recent issue of The New 
Le.ad~r, the Yugoslav writer Mihajlo 
MihaJlov argues boldly that this 
struggle could well result in a 

u~emocratic" communist state of the 
kind Czechoslovakia enjoyed briefly in 
1968. That " Prague Spring" ended 
abruptlr when 200,000 Warsaw pact 
troops U1vaded Czechoslovakia to the 
angui sh and disbelief o'f the 
Czechoslovak people. 

But a similar invasion of Yugoslavia 
appears highly unlikely. It would need 
more than the four Russian divisions 
now stationed in Hungary and 
additional Soviet troops would 'face a 
land march of more than 300 miles 
form their own ' border before even 
reaching Yugoslavia. 

TJ:le invasion would probably also 
reqUire the entire mobilization of the 
Warsaw P ac t countries thus 
encountering almost certain oWosition 
from member nations such as Rumania 
and Poland, to say nothing of the 
worldwide reac tion. 

~e young people who are 50 proud 
of bemg Yugoslavs will ultimately have 
to decide exactly what that word 
~ans. But what the writer Milovan 
Djilas told me in 1973 still seems true 
today: "Yugoslavia will survive." 

Hair Design 
offers a 

DISCOUNT 

9 

Yugoslav' Self 
Management 

Continued from page 2 
legislative and constitutional changes 
over the years gradually turr~ the 
theory of workers' control into actual 
practice. Today the council. are the 
true source of decision-making in all 
work organizations. 

While differences in technicai 
e.xperliae distinguish the managerial 
staff from blue coUar and clerical 

~orkers, overall policies regarding 
Jnve~lment, production, wage., 
housmg and other benefits - all 
~isions involving the enterprise and 
Its workforce - are made by the 
workers' councils. ' 

Altogether, self-management has 
made Yugoslavia into one of the 
wo~ld :s m~st genuinely participative 
SOCI~hes , With 20 percent of its worker. 
~rvmg on a council ol some sort at any 
81ven moment and the rest of the nation 
regul8!'ly ~ga,ged in political activity. 

While Tlto IS known internationally 
aa the single leader of Yugo.lavia 10 
Yugoslavs hi. greatest contribution 
waa to encour~e a sYltem which 
spr~ads Ieadersh,ip throu~ a1llevela of 
society. It was Tito', expreued goal 
that such a system wouJd nol require a 
stronll leader at the top_ 

r'n~,ltls 
==-, I'DlEmmanuelle-lcanshow~ 
how to do i)oth. 

Start the quarter 
right wtth lOVing. 

from Photo Imports 

Dance the 
Night Away r---Women :---.- No partner in love should be cheated Both should be sen 

suallyalrve. 

Bring your I.D. card and 
get our student SavIng. 
Card, which gives you 
on addHIonaI 10'- elf 

on our regular discount 
prices on: 

all darkroom 
supplies 

paper 8< chemicals 
nOt ircluded 

all filters 
all photo books 

all tripods 

see our usedequlpmenl 
department, M~ 9-6, 

Sat 9-5, Sun 11 .... 

" '. . 

486' Co".oy S' S6S V99', 

AttentIon 
BIology Majors 

I 
General Info Meeting 

for Third College 
Students to Discuss 
the Changes in the 
Science/Technology 

courses and the 
Sio Curriculum 

Tuesday, May 13 
~pm 
107 TIH 

Saturday, May 17th 
9 pm~ l am 

Torrey Pines Inn 
Tickets: $4.00 each at UEO Box Office 

Pictures: $4.00 for (2) 5" x 7"'s 

Attention all Undeclared Majors: 

CHOOSING A 

Reg. $15, No w only 
$12.50 

Men: 
Reg. $ 10.00. Now Only 

$8.50 
offer good thru ju"" I. 1980 

2334 C arl'lel Valley Road 

481-8866 

MAJOR? Wednesday, May 14th 
12:00-2:00 

Revelle Plaza 

Prest ige address, 
answering and secretarial 
services. word prodessing. 
conference room. T alex. 
Q.vip . -

~culty advisors from each department 
Will be represented, Stop and talk to an 
advisor and pick up department 
handouts. College academic advisors will 
also be available to all students to answer 

general questions. ____ _ 

ATJ'ENnON: 
SOENCE GRADUATES 

Immed .. te Openlnss 
In Our Advanced ~D Labs 

455·7490 
La Jolla 
Son Fra ncisco 
Honolu lu ·-----

If.yo~'re. a recent science graduate, or planning on graduation 
Wlthm SIX months, ,,!,e have.positions waiting (or you in our top 
R&D labs. A degree m phY8ICS, math or other related scien tific 
field.s mar also qua lify you for a bi·lateral degree in Electrical 
Engmeenng. 
!he Ai~ Force Institute ofTechnolotly, rated 4th in the country, 
11 offenng an .IS-month couree leading to a BSEE degree. You 
could be earnmg over '1,000 a month al a second lieutenant 
while a ttending school free. . 
If ~~u'd father wait . to ge~ your OSEE degree, prestigiou8 
position. a re now available m our R&D labs, working wi th the 
~ates t 8~ate.of.the.a rt technology. For more detai led 
mformation, call Ron Canfield, (714) 293-5737 3443 Camino 
del Rio South, . 120. San Dieg~, CA. 9~)) 8. ' 

L t me show you that 
nothing is wrong If it feels good. 

THEALL NEW 
r. .... 1IeI1e 

. 1be 'LMI ... i ofa~ 
if ••• nothing is wrong if it feels good. 

. . . 

® INCOlOR~'" " PARAMOUNT PICTURE :"~\ 
:~ .~: 

Thursday. May 15 . 't..=- • 
7 &. 9 pm, l1.H 107 
$1. 75 UEO Box Office &. 

at the door 

,II . 



IliER,LOCK RloLmEiS 
.ON FILm. 

-IF 7 !If • 

T",.~d,I''' . ,uny 11 
Sherlock Holmes (1931) 

""""'.'l ell,'f' " moA ;; 
Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (1939) 

,\ lltrrlUl{ IttU,/ Ralh/"",,· 

T'U',HIII\'. M .. " In 
Hound of the :BaskerviUes (1939) 

,..r"r",,-c IItLui Hntl'/Jlml' :r 
Hound of the :Baskervilles 

"'.,'''"' l:IIfIMllpht>t I ~,.:r Pi"" C,,,J"" Jl 

T ltf".,d_r. ) "",. J 
The Printe Life of Sherlock Holmes 

~/""m/l. Rob,." ",,.plll'''' :r (:IITl\/up/", I.,., :r 
The Seven-Percent Solution 

\'."1111( .\'lro / lf ' ,II,nmum :r ... "" .-j,It", 

...... yOUl ___ toUI127Z2. T-.Ieyo. Mev 13. 20. 27 _J ..... 3 
TIdI .. .,. only '1 .10 

,ni, ........ ~ . ,\t"h lt" Uf'f'IiC" ~~l . ~~~' I' ,,,...nt'f'd b, 1 nht'Nt., ":'t'n" 

Information Science Majors 
Permanent and Summer Jobs 

Graduates 
MAKE VOOR CAREER CHOICE COONT -Start it right with SAl 
Comsystems COflXlI'ation. a progressive computer software 
development firm. We provide the most advanced technological 

environment. creative freedom and generous rewards. 

Your university degree in Information Science will qualify you fa 
entry level positions with career advancement and stability. Your 
superior talent and motivation can help us meet the changing 
requirements of our established mar1<ets. as well as develop new 

mar1<ets. These are permanent full-time positions. 

Current Juniors 
Summer Jobs avai lable for current Juniors majoring In Information 

Science, 

SAl Comsystems is searching for exceptional. versatile college 
students who would like an opportunity to acquire experience in 
the business world. We offer challenging summer positions in a 

st imulating and innovative atmosphere, 

SAl Comsystems Corporation. headquartered in San Diego. is a 
leading performer in the high technology software development 
and software seNices mar1<etplace, We offer local and 

nationwide opportunities, 

If you have the desire to take part In the growth and expansion we 
see ahead, we'd like to have you on our team. For consideration. 
please send your transcripts a a summary of your courses and 

grades in confidence to: . 

COMSYSTEMS 
CORFOAATlCtIIi 

SAl COMSYSTEMS CORP. 
p,o. Box A-81126. Dept, JS 

San Diego. CA 92138 

An Equal Opportunity 
Employer M/F/H 

Tired of eating at the snack bars 
and cafeterias on campus? Now there's 

another student-run food seNice ... 

--Serving only fresh natural foods--
from 7:30 to 4:00 Mon-Fri 

Omelettes. yogurt creations. g ranola . crepes. 
coffee. soups. sandwiches. salad bar. 

teas and juices 

Coming Soon: 
Night-time hours. espresso. poetry readings. 
more extensive menu. music. theatre & art 

Financed Qnd Inspired by: 
the Food <»op, the Recycling Co-op, 

Atomlcafe, the Student Center Board and 
the Associated students 

UCSD WOMEN'S CENTER 
is proud to present 

th .... tu .. dayevenlngloffllms .sp.ak .... 

may 13: FOCUS ON HEALTH CARE 
• film: 'Women's Health: A Question of Survtval". A 

critical look at the health care women receive. 
• film: "Size 10". How women's self-Images are 

formed and deformed by advertising. 
• guest spea~er: Dr. Z. Kripke of the UCSD Student 

Health Center. 

7:00 RPlEW FORMAL LOUNGE 

.may 20: 
'LUCIA' 

A stunning film focusing 
on women of three 

periods In Cuban history. 

TlH·107 

may 27: PORTRAITS OF THREE DYNAMIC WOMEN 
• "Ruby Duncan: A Moving Spirit' of "Operation 

Life" for welfare mothers. . 
• "Love It Like a Fool", About Malvina Reynolds, 

writer of folksongs such as Little Boxe., Tum 
Around, and What Have They Done to the Rain. 

• "Solly Gordla and Family". What happens when 
a wife and mother of 5 decides to pursue a BA 
and some of her own interests, 

HL1.t02 

Monday, May 12, 1980 

Classifieds 
announcements 

Come "Dance The Night Away" at Warren 
and Muir's Semi ·Format. Sat., May 17 9pm-
lam allhe Torrey Pines Inn. Tickets $4.00 
each. On sate at Box OHice. (5/15) 
"Dance The Night AwaY"1 Warren and 
MUir 'S Semi-Formal. May 17, 9-1 am. 
Pictures on sale TWO S"x7" tor ONLY 
$4.00. Get your tickets at the Box Office. 
Hurry so you don't get left in Ihecold. (511 5) 
Half-price haircuts to firsl time customers. 
Tile Upper CuI precision haircuts lor men 
and women. Minutes lrom UCSO. Call Pat 
455-0391. (5 / 13) 
Find out what the iOYs 01 a woman are! TLH 
107 May 15th, $1.75 7:00 & 9:00 (5114) 
ASSOATED VINYL is open for business 
dally ' from 1 t -7. We are located in the 
Studei'll Cenler, just soulh of EDNA. We buy 
and sell used records and carry a complete 
line 0/ blank tape and accessories. CheCk 
out ad for this weeks speCials. (5 / 16) 
Ken Kesey, Neal Cassidy. The Gralelul 
Dead, Amenca's Mightiest Home Movie 
adapted for Ihe slage. Mon May 128:00 pm 
at the Old Globe's CassIus Carter Centre 
Siage. Donallon $1 .00, Discussion and 
Reception lollowlng the Presentation. 
(5 / 12) 
Emmanuelle is coming. TLH 107 Thurs. 
15th, $1.75700 & 9:00. (5115) 
WE NEED VOLUNTEERS Assorted Vinyl 
meets every Tuesday at 5:30 in the record 
store. Join us and get involved today l (5/ 13) 
I was raised GathOlic NOW WHAT? Grp to 
share how the common experiences of 
being raised as Cathotic has influenced 
WhO we arel Emphasis now what Barb 
Cummirgs 286-9972, 464-8924. (5/9) 
Emmanuelle is a hard one to pass up. TLH 
107 Thurs. 151h SI. 75 7:00 & 9:00. (5115) 
To Revelle FrOSh & Sophomores; llIe you 
confused about science, larguage and 
hLmanilies charges elfective this Fall? 
Then come to one of our inlormation 
sessions: 
Wed. May 14 - 3:00 - 4:30, HL 1402 
TllJr. May 15 - 9;00 - 10:30, HL Aud. 
Fri. May 16, 1:00 - 2:30, HL Aud led by the 
ReveHe Academic Counselors (511 6) 
UCSD Drama Deperlmel'll presents Springs 
Awakening, a children 's tragedy by Frank 
Wedel sind. HSS 2250, 99¢, 8:00 May 
16,17.1 8th. (511 4) 
Sack lunCh with faculty and staH. Thurs, 
may 15. student center lounge. Bring a 
Iriend! (5/1 4) 

Tt'Ord COllege Commulers, beach party, 
May 17 at Ia Jolla Shores, t 2 - ? Free beer, 
brirg sludenl 1.0 . and picture 1.0 .. tunch 
a.ailable, get lickels at Third College 
Dean's office. (5 / 16) 
Does the Silly Platform endorse deja-.u? Or 
relncarnalion? And, did you know that 
Charllon was a walrus In a past hie? Leanr 
to detect past lives yourseff at the 
Meditalion Club 01 UCSO. This workshOp 
wfll be conducted by Dr. Lenz, noted yogic 
schOlar. HL 11 48,7:30 pm, May 12th, FREE. 
(5112) 
How many of you believe that you were 
Shakespeare in a past hfe ? Oueen 
Etizabelh? Kirg Richard the Uon Hearte<1? 
Napoleon? Sissy Spacek? Jimmy Carter? 
Find out how re incarnation works and learn 
to remember past lives by sale, easy, and 
free meditation techniques. This workshop 
in REINCARNA nON Will be conducted by 
Professor Frederick Lenz, author of 
Liletimes: True Accounts of Reincarnation 
Sponsored by the San Diego Meditation 
Club and Ihe Ad.anced CommlHee to 
Reincarnate Ronald Reagan ... This means 
uou - Cleopalra and Caesar l Monday, 7:30 
pm, HL 1148, Revelle campus. May 12th. 
(5/ 12) 
INTERNS WANTED: Summer interns are 
needed lor the John Anderson presldenlial . 
campaign . Work in San Diego or 
Wash lrglon DC. Unpaid posiloon but some 
compensation may be available. Excellent 
opportunity 10 meel lnlereslIJ'9 people. Fro 
more Info SlOp by AS Internship office. 
(511 6) 
Fall Ouarter InternshipS! Applications 
ava itable at AS Intornship office. Deadline 
May 26. (5/23) 

for sale 

Future engineers: Not in excellent cond. 
moped on sale lor $250 (Negoliable). 455-
5607 Debbie. (5/9, 12) 
1968 Pontiac Bonneville: This car Is in 
unusually good condition. 95,000 miles .. 
and obviously well cared for. Uses Regular 
gas and will prov ide reliable and 
comlortable transportation. PRICE $700 or 
best offer . Call 452-2354 (day) or 452-7978 
(after 6:00 pm) (5114) 
FURNITURE SALE: couch, chairs, lamps, 
tabies. & olher house items. 453-0094 
(5 / 13) 
Open reel tape deck /or salt . Pioneer RT-
707. Au toreverse, lull logic solenoid controt 
755-5564. Keith (511 6) 

/!,!:~~---Camplng In 
Europe I 

(on a budget) 
fa a free brochure 

and more info. come 
see us at: 

CIEE STUDENT TRAVEL 
UCSD Student Center 

Open MNF 8-4. Tu/Th 10-1 
452~ 

"In ~y language, 
themmls 
laugh-out-Ioud ._ 
L __ ::" " 
IUJUIy. - Newsweek 

"Wonderfully 
zany!" 

- New York DeiJy News 

"A sparkling 
com~r" 

- San Francisco Chronicle 
Exclusive 

San Diego & County 
Engagement _ 

Eveningt: 7:00 & 9:00 
Sunday: 2:30. 4:30. 7:00. 9:00 . 

t r ,.;. 

The Daily Guardian 

San Francisco roller skates,brand new pair , 
blue wilh black wheels and SlOp. Men's slle 
9 M. S50. Gall 755-3609 (51 t 6) 
Future engineers: NOI In excellenl condo 
moped on sale lor $250 (Negollable) 455-
5607 Debbie. (5/9 ,12) 
Large cotlection of used Russian boot<s, 
dictionairies by lormer Sludent. Good 
condition. Greg 459-6575. (5/13) 
19" Schwinn Varshy 10 speed. Good 
Condition. $48 Call 453·6804 Weeknites 
after 6:30. (5/ 16) 

For sale. Fumiture (movl'rg east - no room in 
car) 

H20 Bed: O-sized, fin ished WOOd Irame 
Wlth pedastal. lap-seam mattress and 
chemelex heater, Top condition St tOOO 

DeSk and Chair: unfinished wood • good 
condition. $20. 

Rug: Thick pile. no stains, 9' X 12' wheat 
cOlored. $1 2. 

Ftoor lamp; $10.00 
Ironirg board and working steam iron, 

SI8.00 
Al l prices negOliable. Call Serena, 481 -
5298, day or night. (51 t 4) 
For sale. Royal manual typewrller. Askirg 
$50 - excellent condition Call CArolyn, 453. 
9245. (5116) 
Sem-new Peugeol moped 700 ml. red, 
$400 Or best ofter wI accessories. Gall 
Chlis 481 -8732. (51 t 6) 

personals 

Tucson Jill - We danced last Sat. at Calle 
Vera Cruz. Let 's dance aga in. DenniS 286. 
7699 (5/13) 
R-4, Ihanks a 101 for Ihe company on Friday. 
Where would I be wilhout you? 'Shorty 
(5113) 
Craig: Ihis has to have been the mosl 
comfortable b-day l've ..... r had. Silly boy!-
dOC-doo (5/13) 

housing 
DOUble room for 2 people ava ilable Sept. 
Near Wlndansea Beach. 459-7125, (5 / 16) 
2 bdrm. condo,lg. unlurniShed, jacuui, pool. 
gym Near Fashion Valley S500. 459-7 t 25. 
(511 6) 
ROOMMATE NEEDED for apartment in 
Clairemont , available June 1st. SI50/ mo. 
Call Mary at 273-5135 in interested. (5/13) 

Del Mar Dupiex available lor month of June 
2().July 20. 4 BR, S700, 1929 Coast Blvd. 
Call 755-8808 (5 / 9 .12) 
3 BR, 2.5 BA. Fum. Del Mar TNHS. Linens, 
DiShes, gar., patio, No pets. AVbl. NOW 
S695 / mo. 755-5792. (511 2) 
3 BR, 2 BA fum. Det Mar His. home. Unens, 
dishes, serene patio. Avbf. 611 5 to 9115. 
SI ,ooo /mo. Agi. 755·5792. (5 / 12) 
~oommate wanted: Del Mar apI., ocean 
View, own room, pool, furn. 48t -0902, 
evenirgs. (5 / 12) 
Roommate wanted 10 share 4bdrm house in 
La Jolla lor summer Own room, Furnished, 
Walk to beaCh. $1 25/mo. Ouiet, clean, 
personable, non-smokers, 454-5879 (5/2 1) 

Del Mar [}Jplex available lor month of June 
2O-July 20. 4BR. $700, 1919 Coast Blvd. 
Call 755-8808. (5/9, 12) 
Need to sublet space in Warren Apts. over 
summer, of find place near campus under 
SI00 / mo. Risa. 457·2721 (5/ 13) 

wanted 

Nallve ·speaklrg Japanese 10 panlclpale In 
challengirg work in Ihe lield 01 automatIC 
larguage translation. Salary: open: flex. 
hours: pan or lull lime Conlact Kat ie at 459-
6700 (5/ 16) 
InlercOilegiate photoglaphers needed for 
1980-81 school year. Paid by assignment. 
Call Karen 452-4211. (5 / 15) 
SUbjects lor bra in wave experiment. Must 
be cooperative. $3.00/hr. Call Debbie 
x4266. 9-4 pm. (5 / 16) 
Responsible, car:rg person wanted for 
hourly supervision of 2 yr. old who 1000es the 
outdoors. $3 per hour lor the right person. 
453-60t 5 (Mesa Apls)(5116) 

services 
Giving a ride to Estes Park. Colo on May 30. 
Call 453-6804. (5/1 6) 
The San Diego Meditation Club is pt'Oud to 
announce Dial-A-Medi l8lion: 457-2229. 
That's 457-2229. Each day a differenl 
aphorism is read by spiritual master Sri 
Chlnmoy. Gall tOday! 457 -2229. (51 t 6) 
I'M NOT DEAD YEn you too can learn the 
art of Immortality: REINCARNATION! HL 
t 148, 7:30 pm, Monday. (5112) 

11 

Typisls : IBM exper I theses l disser I t&fm 
papers / edilirg. RUSH jobs I 453-0656. 452-
1488, 288-4936, 225-1449, (6/ 15) 
JENNY's HOME TYPING- Toon papars, 
theses, diss. Days and eves, 225-1449 
(617) 
All kinds 01 TYPING and SEWING. 
Reasonable Rales. Gall Elaine 272-7275: 
evenings. (5113) 
Before you type - Aaise your grade! Let me 
edit your term paper. thesis, dlss., 1 day 
serllice. 452-9629. (5/23) 
Precision VW service. Fectory trained 
mechanic. House caUs and ride S8r\'ice. R 
H. Grundotein. 436-3481. (5119) 
Michael's "On The Aood" aUlo repair tl6le 
ups, electric at, Ught mechanical _ 
guaranleed - 456-1879. (5/19) 
Sack Lunch with faculty and staff. Thurs. 
May I S, student center lounge. Borg a 
friend! (511 4) 

lost and found 

Lost: .oIleyball 4/30. 9·10pm Rae. Gym. 
Characteristic. doesn'l bounce well call 
453-3332 ask lor Dave. (5113) 
Lost black jackel w I' 'K State Wildcats" on 
Iront at Warren field May 3. Calt ChfiS 453. 
3332. 

losl:(5 / 6) Dave Sloane's sottbaN mh Muir M. 
Family heirloom! possible reward .453-
8974 (5114) 

travel 
CIEE Student Travel Center. Located on the 
second Rcor of the Student Ganter, open 
MWI' 8-4. TuTh 10-1. Phone 452.0630. 
(6/6) 

FHIIrtrwn Recorda! Don·, For_ ... 
. Piek UP' ''''' FrMhman 
Recorda before aarnnw in 
the Guardian Office 
between 9 - 5 pm. 

Scheduled service with no restrictions makes 

Easy on the pocketbook: 
Starting May 13: LA to Shannon; 
only $409 one way. $747* round 
trip. LA to Amsterdam; just $419 
one way. 5747* round trip. Add 
$25 for our Shannon/Amsterdam 
stop-over flight. Round trip 
fares to both Amsterdam 
and Shannon are 
effective through 
December, 1980. 

Easy to put together. 
No advance purchase require-
ments. No length of stay rules or 
cancellation fees_ Plus the option 
to land in one country and leave 

from another. Call 
your travel agent or 

call Transamerica 
Airlines toll-free at (BOO) 

228-5800. \\e fly to more 
places in more countries 

than any other airline. 

Traosamerloa 
Airlines 

ii I 

/ 



12 The Daily Gu ... dian Monday, May 12, 1980 

TV Guide (Reading Between the Lines) 
Continued from paRe 5 
Campus Cop (crime) 

Self-explanatory show. 
Streetwise Cop (police) 

Patrol Cop Escobedo 
Miranda husles a drunk, 
gives a speeding citation, 
responda to a false alarm, 
ltrong-arl1ll a wiae-aas ghetto 
kid, ellll lunch, bulta a minor 
for pouession, testifies in 
court, drives around some 
more, then goes home and 
yeRa at his wife. 
Rich Powerlul Handsome 
Men From Texcu (melodra-
ma) 

J.T.'s wife leaves him, 
Bobby geta cWunk and bring. 
home a golddiging slut, 
Daddy clear. 10 iniIIion on a 
shady land deal,' and life goes 
on. 
HOUHhold (melo«ama) 

o.ddy kiIIa mommy after a 
trivial disagreement and then 
takes his own life. 
PaJlola (melodrama) 

Fenster and Hobbes are 
flustered wheq .their suitcase 
full of $2 million in hush 
money is mistakenly delivered 
to the Deparbnent of Justice, 
and thina. are complicated 
f..-ther when the mob puts out 
a contract on them. 
Sh"ster LoWlIer (melodrama) 

Vince Delgado geta hi. 
dient off on a technicality in a 
rape/murder trial and is 
distressed to later learn that 
the victim was hi. wife. 
The Malpractitioners 
(melocbma) 

Dr. Quick gives pennicillin 
to a hypersensitive patient who 

lapses into anaphylactic shock 
and dies. P1aatic surgeon Dr. 
Robert Shiv haa one too many 
and grafts his foot to a 
l>.atient's face. 
Terrorist Housewife (melo· 
drama) 

Mild-mannered Doris Smith 
does the laundry by day and 
fighta to liberate the people at 
. ht. GCtto Hi,h (melodrama) 
Lee Roy is expeUecl from 

school when it is cUcovered 
that he is not a junkie. 
Bob Hope !::~ Hell 

Comeclian Bob Hope and 
hi •• tar·.tudded entourage 
visit the place of ertternal 
damnation to entertain lOme 
of our dead troops. 
The Undersea World of 
Davey Jones 

The Calyp.o is blown out of 
the water when their sonar 
mistakenly identifies several 
Ruuian attack submarines as 
a school of whales and 
attsnpts to shadow them. 
Nixon Remembers 

Host David Frostbite 
interviews former President 
Nixon, who has recently 
snapped out of amnesia and 
recalls having plotted the 
entire Watergate break-in. 
God Speaks 

God tells it like it is in the 
first of a three-part revelation. 
Donny and Marie Live in 
Cambodia 

GoodwiU emissaries Donny 
and Maire entertain starving 
Cambodians. 
Tribute to John WOIme 

The Duke is exhumed and 
presented with a posthumous 
award for achievement by the 
Academy of Motion Pictures. 
In Search of ... Honest 
Politicians 

Explorer Jack Anderson's 
quest through the nation's 
capital to locate men of 
integrity is featured. 
Bob Hope in Iran 

Comedian Bob Hope and 
his guests, the 10 ht Airborne 
Division, drop in on Tehran to 
"entertain" student militanta at 
the occupied US Embassy. 
Celebrity Rocut 

In a special tribute to 
Cambodia, Dean Martin and 
ten other celebrities are 
roasted alive and devoured by 
starving refugees. 

Comedies 
Free Clinic (sit-com) 

Doc gets a "contact dose" 
from his patienta. 
Candid Wiretap 

Ths week, the telephones of 
Gulf, Mobil and Exxon's 
presidents are tapped, 
revealing some hilarious 
business practices. 
Ho,anstein '5 Heroes (war 
comedy) 

When Klink learns that 
Hoganstein and the other 
erisoners at Stalag 13 are all 
Brooklyn Jews, he orders 
them transferred to Dachau to 
be gassed in this zany comp.dy 

Houston Openings 
The Thnninals and Peripherals Division of Texas Instruments, a leader in 
electronics technology and innovation for over 50 years, is looking for 
highly motivated college graduates with backgrounds in the following 
areas: 

• Electrical Engineering 
• Mechanical Engineering 
• Industrial Engineering 
• Computer Engineering 
• Systems Engineerjng 
• Finance 

• Computer Science 
• Electrical Engineering 

Technology 
• Industrial Technology 
• Business Administration (MBA) 

Positions for qualified individuals encompass a broad range of oppor· 
tunities including: 

• Design-digital, analog, electrical, mechanical, logic, 
microprocessor/memory device, electromechanical, circuit, and 
automated test systems. 

• Development-software and hardware. 
• Engineering-manufacturing, facilities, product, systems, 

industrial, test systems, and service. 
• Systems-engineering and analysis. 
• Tholing-methods and test. 
• Programming-scientific and business. 
• Control-production, reliability, and quality. 

The challenge, flexibility, and growth potential of these positions make 
them outstanding career opportunities. 
'!exas Instruments will be in Anaheim during the National Computer Con-
ference, May 19-22. If you are interested in joining our Houston team of 
professionals send your resume or university data sheet to: Recruiting 
Coordinator/P.O. Box 1444, M.S. 7767/Houston, TX 77001. 
1b schedule an appointment in Anaheim, please call collect to our 
Recruiting Coordinator, Cathy Jax at (713) 937-2559 any time before May 
16. Between May 16 and 21 call (714) 772·7777, leave your name and 
telephone number. 

TEXAS)NSTRUMENTS 
INCORPORATED 

An equal opportunity employer M/F 

about a hilarious World War. 
SMASH (war comedy) 

Klingerman cracks a few 
one· liners to cheer up an 18· 
year·old soldier who is carted 
into the operating room with 
the upper half of his body 
blown off. 
Wacky War (war comedy) 

Kuzinski gets a bayonet 
shoved through him while 
reading a "dear john" letter 
from his girl. Smitty steps on a 
landmine and loses a · leg. 
Valdez order. hi. overrun 
po.ition shelled. 
Make Me Sick (comedy game 
show) 

Groll people perform 
disgus~ physical acta to 
thoroughly nauseate contes-
tanta. 

Game ShoWi 
Anything Goes 

Contestants duke it out with 
each other for cash and prizes. 
Checkmate 

Contestants are strapped 
into an electric chair to match 
wits against a computer in a 
chess tournament where the 
stakes are life and death. 
Mix n' Match 

Contestants try to match 
photographs of celebrity 
genitals to their faces. 
Celebrity guests: Peter Lupus, 
Flipper, Bette Midler, Lassie, 
Hervie ViUechez. 

Soap ()peru 
As The World Palls Apart 

Roger discovers on his 
honeymoon that his bride is a 
hermaphrodite. 

Just Another Day 
Rod wakes up to find that he 

is late for work. Sally catches 
the flu. Bernice cashes her 
paycheck. 
General Sanitarium 

Dr. Louis Screws is tom 
between his two loves, both of 
them in actuality the split 
personalities of one of his 
schizophrenic patients. 
The Coroners 

Dr. Nick Rofile falls madly 
in love with a drowning victim, 
but is caught in the act of 
consumating the relationship 

~ a night janitor. 
Public Broadc:ut Prosraml 
Washington Weakly In 
Review 

Corresj)Ondents Elizabeth 
Ray and Fanny Fox look at the 
behind· the-scene. action in the 
nation's capital. 
Alien Perspective on the News 

Extraterrestrials discuss 
Earth's current events. 
At One With ... Idi Amin 

The former dictator relates 
some heavy trips in this 
happening upfront rap session. 
Zen For a Classless Society 

Meditation in the Soviet 
Union is examined. 
Poet City 

Selections from Playboy's 
Party Jokes and the 
Quotations of Chairman Mao 
are contrasted. 
Sesame Seed 

Today's lesson includes the 
word "reactionary" and home 
construction of explosive toilet 

SP.~ts. 

a feminist 
women's 

health center 

- Self-help 
- Well woman 
- Pregnancy 

3686 4th Avenue 
San Diego. CA 

92103 
or call: 298-9352 

screening 
- abortion 

up to 16 weeks 
_ birth control 
- childbirth 

Gt,ing home 
fat- Summer? 

...and 'NOndering what to do with 
your books, stereo, and other persondl-

effects? 

Student's Summer Special 
For as little as 527.50 you can store your 

belongings in safe, convenient MINI-VAULT from 
May 20 (or after) to September 30 (or before). 
Thafs our "Stuctenfs Summer Special" from ... 

CoI·T-61 153ICC-MC-1263«l 

Call Now 
287-1550 or 
.. 1-5855 


