
The Dailx Guardian 
Volume 39, Number 11 

Davis Speech -
'A Lot of Things 

-Remain the Same' 
(Ed note: This is a partial transcript of Angela 
Davis ' speech Friday night in USB 2722.) 

First of all, I really appreciate the very wann 
and enthusiastic welcome. It's been about 10 
years since I was last on this campus, I couldn't 
find my way around this afternoon. And I 
noticed that a lot of things have changed . But I 
also noticed that a lot of things have remained 
the same. We had problems 12 and 13 years 
ago finding a space large enough to hold 
meetings with large numbers of people. I get the 
feeling that the administration on this campus 
still doesn't want to see people coming together 
in struggle. 

'For a Long Time, 
I Thought I Was 
The Only Black 
On This Campus' 

Also , it ' s 
really beautiful 
to see so many 
people of color 
here. It makes 
me feel very 
good, because 
when I came to 
this campus in 
1967 - that 
was 13 years 
ago - that was 

at a moment when Black student unions were 
beginning to be organized, when Chicano 
students were organizing, when Native 
American Indian students were organizing. 
'There was no Black Student Union on this 
campu •. 

I was a graduate student, and I was around 
for a couple of week., and I looked, and I 
looked, and I looked and I looked. For a long 
time, I thought I was the only Black stadent on 
this whole campus. F'mally I ran into one sister 
and one brother. And we decided that we would 
look all over the campus - at that time there 
was only Revelle College and Muir College -
and try to determine whether there were any 
more Black students on campus. And finally, 
by bringing together not only students but some 
of the workers, and, well, there were two Black 
faculty members: Dr. Joseph Watson, and a 
brother from Jamaica. And we just came 
together and created what was called at that 
time the Black Student Council. 

But we were so few, and we realized that we 
were Probably not going to be able to 
accomPlish very much alone. 'The Chicano 
students has organized, so we decided that we 
would attempt to establish an alliance, a 
coalition. So we came together, and eventually, 
of course, I hope most of you know, we decided 
to fiKht around a common Loal, that of 
estabfishing what I see is called Third College 
now. At that time, we demanded that the third 
college be called Lwnurnba-Zapate CoUe,re. 

That was extremely important, particufarly 
at that moment in the history of progressive 
struggles in this country. Because all over there 
were efforts underway to pit people of color 
against each other. And we decided that unitr. 
was our only hope. We were 10 few, we couldn t 
even begin to envision accomplishing anything 

'We Should Be 
Careful About 
Believing What's 
In Newspapers 
About Events In 
The Middle East' 

if we didn't come 
together. That'. 
why we decided 
t9 choose the 
name Lumumba 
Zapata, two reo 
volutionaries -
one Black revo-
lutionary and 
one Mexican 
revolutionary. 
The bringing of 
the name. to-

gether .ymbolized for u. our life-line, which was 
unity, and I think it'. extremely important, even 
though .uch bodies aa the Regents 01 the 
University of California don't like that name. 

I feel really inspired, this afternoon, seeing 
Pf.aN 111m to 4 

Univenity of Califomia, San Diego 

Angela Davi. makes a point at her Friday pres. 
conference at UCSD. Davis said the media have 
ignored the progressive .trua,les of the put decade 

Monday, January 21,1980 

and 10 contributed to the irnqe of the "apathetic 
1970.." Davi. then went on to talk to more than 700 
.tudents at a Friday niaht epeech. 

Davis Speaks of Struggle 
To 700; 200 TumedAway 

" By EriC, ~ye , ,, wil bolster their efforts to have movements today. 
The stru~gle .. ," \ over, yet, the admini~tration set go~a ~or "They want to create the 

Angela ~aVls Said here Fnday. the recruitment of mmorlty impression that struggle i. 
And still as strong as ev~r , she students. something that happened back 

told a crowd of 7~, IS , ,her Apparently so was Davis,who then," said Davis, who insisted 
person~ struggle ~amst ~hb~a1 reminded the audience that when that the same problems we had 
and raCIst repreSSion, whl~h first she first arrived here as a back then we have right now ... " 
flowered 13 years ago while she graduate student, she was on "As far as struggle goes , I'm 
was a UCSD graduat~ student: campus two weeks before she willing to struggle for as long as it 

Ov~r 900 ~ople hned up 10 saw another Black student. takes " said Davis to cheers. 
cold wmds, o~tslde U~B 2722 to "It's really beautiful to see so At'her press conference and at 
hear DaVls ~n her first UCSD many people of col?( here," sai~ a reception for SAAC leaders, 
appearance, I~ a decade. Only I?aVls, who orgamz~ UCSD s D a vis em p has i zed the 
400 ma~e It mto US~ 2722 to first B1~ck Student Union. importance of keeping the name 
see DaVls s~ak, while close to DaVls was scheduled to speak Lumumba-Zapata alive as a 
ano,~r 300 Jammed USB 2622 ~n th~ role of third ~orld students '1ifeline" as a symbol 01 the 
to tisten to the speech on m higher education, but she founding ideals of the college. 
loudspeakers. Another 200 were wound up outlining the struggles 
turned away. against oppression of Blacks in At her press conference Davis ~nt Affirmativ~ Action t his ' c 0 u n try, her 0 w n defended Third Provost Joseph 
Com':"'ttee repres~ntabves were revolutionary history, and urging Watson, who hal come under ~rpnsed but obVl~u.ly pleased the receptive audience to get attack for the small numbers of 
With the turnout, whICh they hope involved in "progressive" Please 111m to page 8 

Anpla Davi. waits to apeak Frida, ftitht to an 
audience at the Undergraduate. Science Builclina. 
More than 700 .tudents heard her and another 200 
were tumed away. ' 

Davis Gives SAAC 
Efforts Shot in Arm 

SAAC Chairman Robert Tambuzi was smiling. 
So were most of the other, predominantly 

minority, students who gathered for a small reception 
in the International Center after Angela Davia's pres. 
conference. 

At a time when SAAC is gearing up for it. own 
struggle with the administration to bring more 
minority students to campus, they had among them a 
Black leader of international stature who had fought 
a similar battle on this very campus, and won. 

What the Davis visit meant, some SAAC 
members said, was that their own efforts would get a 
shot in the arm. 

And when Davis told the crowd of 700 that 
evening they .hould get behind SAAC, it was 
certainly appreciated by committee members. 



2 

The Daily Guardian 
Brie"',. 

EdiIor 
John Klock 
Copy Editor 

l __ .. ' ___ .... 

Kathy Huffer Jeff 8ereJord.Howe 
Managing Editor News Editor 

Sun Gooch and John HOndroa 
J\ssn( ·'i.lt· Nt ·" s Editors 

I lI"I1:IM "t ' • ",'"HI ', ... " P" ... · .. 1 II't \., h .. ,.f II •• II •• II,. ,101 ... . d,III' I..II .... ", 1 ,., 
"n.., u .•• " ~ ..... r.I ..... " J I .. , n ... I" ( .. I.tnl •• m , .. 1'"I.h .. I".1 \ I. , ... 1.1\ 11. . . .... ,. 
',.1.1\ .I"'H ':" II •• " .•• L" ... 111 ,,,1 \ ' . 11 In "1 4Id' lIl~ .. I II .. t nl\, ,'",1\ IOJ 
t 11".", .. .1 "', 11 1 I.,. " l. tI •• 1I" It I .. I . .. rl I .' ; ".4 . I Of I • ., ... ' M .. .... . Ii I • .: 

i III' 

Third College: 
The Struggle Now 

1M last time Angela Davis was on campus, UCSD 
was in the midst of a brave experiment. It had 
constituted a college dedicated to providing education 
for and. about groups and classes American higher 
education had traditionally overlooked. Davis was 
then a talented graduate student studying under 
philosopher Herbert Marcuse. She personally 
pre.ented to the UCSD administration the demands 
for Lmnumba.Zapata College, demands drawn up by 
a collective composed of students and teachers who 
believed the size of UCSD's minority community _ 
then Iesa than three percent of the student population 
- was symbolic of the university's neglect of the 
educational needs of minority and working class 
groups. 

When Davis left campus in 1970 to take on 
teaching duties at UCLA - she would soon be 
hounded out for her radicalism by a paranoid Board of 
Regents - this institution was beset with controversy. 
National cohunnists who knew little about the college 
criticized it as "racist;" Joe Watson, Third's fint and 
only provost, complained the college had to spend 
much of its time reacting to conservative politicians 
instead 01 analyzing the inevitable acadelJlic and 
administrative puzzles facing the experimental school. 

When Angela Davis returned to UCSD Friday, not 
much had changed. 1ne college she helped create still 
has no official name; the numbers of minority students 
enrolled at Third is declining; the academic 
~ornerstones of the Lumumba.Zapata plan (programs 
an Urban and Rural Studies, Third World Studies and 
Communications) have been struggling for survival. 

Students on campus today are fighting many of the 
same battles Davis fought over 10 years ago. The 
Student AHirmative Action Committee is seeking 
numerical goals for minority enrollment, and believe 
justifiably, that the campus Equal Opportunit; 
Program office is not doin~ evervthin~ it can to attract 
Iminority youth. to UCSD. The three Third College 
programs are sllll programs, not the departments, with 
faculty.hiring privileges, that they should be. At least 
one program, Communications, has suffered from a 
calculated policy of neglect by the UCSD 
administration. The field of Communications is 
growing significantly, both in stature and in 
commitment, but it is f10underinSl at UCSD. 

UCSD could have built thos; programs to make 
Third College more attractive in the competitive 
minority recruitment market; instead we appear 
satisfied to allow them to erode. 

One of Davis' messages to students last week was 
that YOU have to struggle to keep what you care about. 
Nothing could be more true of Third College. To stay 
alive, and, more importanUy, to return to the 
fundamentals for which it stood when it opened its 
doors in September, 1970, it needs a more divene 
student population, including the minority and 
working c1asa students it is no longer attracting, and it 
needs a renewed commitment to the educational 

s that provide its foundations. 

up of dedicated students, including those on 
SAA , have taken up the fight Davill and others 
began in 1968, but they cannot do it alone. It will take 
a large.scale commitment, with the force and 
seriousness and visibility of Davis' commitment of a 
decade ago, to convince UCSD and the community 
that its students will have their college. 

The Dally Guardtan Mon., Jan. 21, 1980 

~tter. to the &litor 
'Jewish Fascism:' Twisted Fiction 

On Jan. 8 an article 
appeared in the new indicator 
that was a callous, ~belous, 
unfactual attack on a minority 
ethnic group. I wi.h to 
examine this article in depth 
since it i. propaganda - that 
promotes discrimination 
against the Jewish people. 

Located on the front page 
was the quote, "Jewish 
Fascism begin. with this 
issue," and or. page 9 that 
same inflammatory title 
appeared in large letter.; yet 
the reader does not find out 
until the lut section of the 
article that the term "fascism" 
i. given a perverse definition, 
i.e., "extremely nationalistic 

~icall ~ ecOftOmically 
co~ratiVl't. " 

This .trange definition not 
only would encompass mo.t of 
the countries in the world but 
also is not inherently negative. 
'The term "fasci.m" usu'a1ly 
connotes something that is so 
radically different from the 
definition that it is given in this 
article; thus, one would at least 
expect a responsible author or 
journal to deal with these 
connotations before head~­
ning a story "Jewish fascism." 

Paul Janosik, the author of 
the new indica to; article, 
states that "Stanley Payne 
gives a definition of fasci.m, 
that of a fusion of nationalism 
and socialism" in his article, 
"Spanis h Fascism in 
Comparative Perspective." 
Well, I went to the library to 
get that article, and found out 
that Mr. Janosik, in taking his 
definition from Stanley 
Payne's article, left out a few 
important points in the article's 
definition of fascism. These 
points that Mr. Janosik misses 
are exactly the points that give 
fascism its strong negative 
connotation (see Payne's 
definition of fascism on page 
144 of "Reappraisals of 
Fascism," edited by Henry A. 
TlU'ner, Jr.) I will deal with two 
of them in relation to Israel in 
order to prove that with any 
realistic definition of fasci.m 
Israel and Judai.m would not 
corne under this category. 

1) Fasci.m implies 
"rationale of the totalitarian 
.tate, based on the .incle party 
and principlea of leadership 
and hierarchy." 

Israel has a parliamentary 
form of goverrvnent with free 
election. and representation 
from all enda of the political 
spectrum. Over 30 parties are 
active in Israel at present. No 
other country in the Mid·east 

can even make the same 
daim. In fact, very few 
countries in the world can 
make the daim that they have 
free elections, are representa. 
tional and are democratic. 

2) Fascism implies 
"espousal of radical tactics 
and aims including positive 
evaluation of the use and 
significance of violence, and 
the positing of the goal of 
'national revolution. " On 
March 26,1979, Israel signed 
a peace treaty with Egypt. In 
exchange for full normaliza· 
tion of relations between the 
two countries Israel returned 
the entire Sinai penin.ula to 
Egypt. In an earlier effort for 
peace in 1975 Israel gave 
away the highly strategic Mitla 
and Gidi passes, which held 
the oil fields of Abu Rodeis 
(theae fields at Abu Rodeis 
were supplying Isr,ael with a 
tremendous amount of oil.) 

This peace turned out to be 
nothing but a signed piece of 
paper. It is obvious that the 
people of Israel want peace 
badly. It is obvious that the 
government of Israel wants 
peace badly. Furthermore, the 
Jewish people do not espoUse 
"the goal of national 
revolution" mentioned in 
Payne's definition of fascism. 
'They .imply ask for religious 
tolerance, a place where they 
are free to live without 
persecution. 

It is interesting to note that 
in most diatribes against 
I.rael, the propogandi.t often 
makes the fallacious claim, 
"I'm not against Jews, I'm just 
against the Zioni.ts." Mr. 
Janosik does not even go this 
far. He spends most of his time 
making unjust accusations 
against Israel that he never 
follows up on and then he titles 

Plea.e tum to PGIle 11 

Division of Labor 
Sounds Nice, But. .... 

By John HondrOi 
Aha. There's one. Maybe they do it here I think as I pull 

into the Mobil station. " 

John Hondros is associate news editor of The Daily 
Guardian. 

I ding. ding into the aisle where I see the attendant and roD 
down my window. "Sir, do you do oil changes here?" 

"Yea." . 
"How much do you charge?" 
"It all depend~. How many quarts does your car hold?" 
I ~hoke. Don t ask ~, I only dri~e the damn thirtg. "It ~on t be m~re than $20, I say, changmg the subject. "Umm, 

It s..real.ly dirty-can you do it this morning?" 
WeD, I can't guarantee ... " 

"I really need new oil, and I have an ] I o'clock class " 
"Okay, bring it into the garage and the mechanic will take 

care of you." I'm obviously a case for the mechanic. 
• •• 

"What year is this thing?" the big man in the dirty blue 
jurrtpsuit asks. 

That much I know. "Seventy.four bug," I answer 81 I 
attempt to walk out the garage. I figure that if I'm outside he 
can't interro,ate me further. 

"Wait! What kind of oil does it take?" 
I should have sprinted. 
"Does it take 30 weight?" He think. he'. darified his 

queation. Little does he know. I pretend I'm hard of hearillll' 
I don't know how much it weilJha. "Uhh, I guea.IO .. .1 don t 

kno " w. 
He giVei me this are· you.for.real look, and then hands me 

a contract to sign. "When wu the last time you chanaed your 
oil?" he continuel, with cruel intention. I'm sure. 

"September," I lie. "Listen, how ~ do you think 111 have 
to wait-I have an 11 o'clock class: 

He doe.n't an.wer. I know he'. thinking that I'm one of 
those university pansies who don't know jack shit about cars. 
He'. right. And, Dr. Mechanic, sir, I really don't mind the 
humiliation. 

At least I've read Dostoevsky. 

lion., Jan. 21, 1980 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEWS BRIEFS 

Carter Sets Deadline 
For Olympic Boycott 

WASHINGTON - Presi. 
dent Carter said that unless the 

Congress to Aid 
Pakistan 

WASHINGTON - The 
96th Congress convenes its 
second session this week with 
plans to quickly approve 
expanded trade with China 
and ai'd fOl: Pakistan in 
response to the Soviet 
intervention in Afghanistan. 

President Carter is expected 
to devote much of his State of 
the Union address to Congress 
on Wednesday to the Soviet 
action in Afghanistan. And 
Secretary of State Cyrus 
Vance and Secretary of 
Defense Harold Brown will 
report to Congress on event~ 
both in Afghanistan and in 
Iran. 

Soviet Union removes its 
troops from Afghanistan 
within a month, he would call 
for the Olympic Games to be 
moved (rom Moscow, 
postponed or canceled. 

The President said he 
opposes sending an American 
team to the Moscow Olympics . 
even if they are held and the 
Soviet Union has not met his 
conditions. 

Carter appeared on the 
NBC·TV program Meet The 
Press. The Summer Olympics 
are scheduled for Moscow in 
July. The Winter Olympics 
are set to open in Lake Placid, 
NY, Feb. 12. 

"I have asked the United 
States Olympic Committee to 
take this position to the 
International Olympic 
Committee," Carter said in 
comments at the outset of .the 
program and before Questions 
had been asked. 

The Warren Commuter Board presents: 
_ __ 0.----

ICE DELIGHT 

University Towne Cet;ltre 
January 27,5:30 .. 11:00 pm 

$2.00 
Tickets at the UEO Box Office or 

at the door. . 

.-----The-----. 
.student Health 

Information Program 

invites you 
to our 

OPEN HOUSE 

Friday, January 25, 4:00 pm 
at the new SHIP Center 

above the Student Lounge, 
Student Center 

WINE & CHEESE 
WILL BE SERVED 

The Daily Guardian 3 

DOONESBURY by Garry Trudeau 

Fatal Crack Can 
Be Duplicated 

former Beatie Paul McCart· 
ney, jailed for allegedly 
bringing a half.pound of 
marijuana into Japan: 

TULSA, Okla - Ameri· 
can Airlines officials at the 
company's maintenance and 
engineering center here say 
they have been able to 
~uplicate a crack blamed for a 
DC· 1 0 crash in Chicago that 
killed 273 persons. 

technicians have finally been 
able to duplicate a IO·inch 
crack in an engine pylon 
bulkhead and that may shed 
more light on why the DC·IO's 
engine fell off. 

Japanese Crowd: 
'We Want Paul' 

Gov't Will Buy 
Backed Up Grain 

W.P. Hannan, chief of 
engineering for American's 
Maintenance and fngineering 
Center, said Saturday 

TOKYO - Hundreds of 
?;oung female fans screaming 
'We Want Paul!" in Japanese 

staked out a Tokyo police 
headquarters Saturday, 
hoping to catch a glimpse of 

WASHINGTON - The 
Carter administration 
announced Saturday the 
government will buy more 
grain from US farmers to 
absorb surpluses resulting 
from the curtailment of 
shipments to the Soviet Union. 

8 ... ,. of the quick eye examination and contact lens lit. It may be too quick. The best 
eye examination and contact lens fitting is painstaking. methodical. thorough, and consists 
01 numerous tests. A minimum number of 4 visits is required to achieve a proper fit. Our 
offioe is equipped with the most sophisticated, advanced and computerized instrumenta· 
tion in the world in order to achieve the best eye examination and contact lens fitting possi· 
ble. The following Is a description of some ClI the tests and procedurel!. that are done in our 
office: . 
• MEDICAL HISTORY - A complet~ medical and ocular history is taken by a written 

questionnaire. 
• DIOPTRON-THE EYE COMPUTER - An electronic optical computer that analyzes 

your eyes and prints out a preliminary prescription without the patient making 
any judgment. 

• NON·CONTACT TONOMETER - Checks pressure Inside your eye for glaucoma. It uses 
a gentle puff 01 air requiring no drops. 

• AUTOMATIC TANGENT SCREEN - Automatically checks peripheral vision lor abnor· 
mal blind spots which are Indicative 01 many eye and brain diseases. 

• INFRARED FUNDUS PHOTOGRAPHY - A photogra~h is taken of the back of your eye. 
the retina , to check for ocular disease and for baseline data. Infrared light is 
used. therefore no drops are needed. 

• SUT LAMP BIOMICROSCOPY - A special microscope to check the front part 01 the 
eye, tear flow, the fit and movement of the contact lenses. 

• ELECTRONIC DIGITAL PACHOMETRY :- An optical electronic computer to ascertain If 
enough oxygen is getting through the contact lens to the cornea. This is very 
important part icularly with 24·hour extended wear lenses. 

• AUTOMATIC ELECTRONIC LENSMETER - Analysis 01 your existing glasses elec· 
' . tronically to extreme accuracy for comparison with the Dloptron results . 

• OPHTHALMOSCOPY - A procedure using a hand·held instrument to check the health 
of your eyes and to compare with the fundus photographs. 

• FIXA T/ON DISPARITY - Indicates how well the two eyes coordinaie together and the 
amount of binocular fusion. 

• STEREOPSIS - A measure 01 depth perception and quality of vision at read· 
Ing distance. 

• COLOR VISION - Checks lor normal and the type of abnormal color vi!lion. Eight per· 
cent 01 all males have some degree 01 color blindness. 

Dr. D. A. ROI'abeugh I AllOClat.I, 
Optometrlltl 

1939 Grand Avenue • PacifiC Beach, CA • 272·2211 , 

M.s,erchargf!. VISA. VSP. Med>c.1 or sny VI$/On Insur. nce pl. n welCome 

J 



. - --------______________________________________ ~Th~e~D~a~ilyOuanlian lion, Jan. 21, 1980 

Davis Recalls DraDla things like, well, we felt it was important to discover some dramatic methods of focusing attention on the 
absolute disregard on the pari of the 

There was a faculty member who 
was extremely instrumental in rallying 
support of the faculty. And his name 
was Herbert Marcuse. At the time 
when we did occupy the Registrar 's 
office, we decided that we would stay 
there until we were told there would be 
more students of color admitted to this 
university, more while students from 
working class backgrounds. He came 
with us, and attempted to reach out to 
as many faculty members as possible. 
Eventually we were able to count on a 
greal strong base of support among 
some of the progres-sors on this 
c~mpus. I'd like to dedicate these 
remarks to Herbert Marcuse's 
memory, becau5e he was a great man, 
a great teacher, and a great defender of 
human rights ... 

ContinwQ from page 1 
that that unity iscontinuing, seeing that 
not only the Black students and the 
Oticano tudents, but also the Asian 
ltudents and the Native American 
Indian students, the Women's Center 
the disabled students have com~ 
together and are attempting to move in 
a united fashion under the leadership of 
the Student Affirmative Action 

~ommittee. That's extremely 
Important, and I think all of you should 
support those actions. Now, as I've 
aaid before, it's been 10 years since I 
was la.t here, and I've had some 
difficulty in deciding how to focus my 
remarks, because I could talk about 10 
yean 01 lesson., 10 years of struggle. I 
could talk about what happened 12 
and 13 year. ago on this campus. But I 

think I willt~lk about the struggle for 
eq~1 ~ucatlo", the struggle against 
racism an education and the fight 
against racism in general. 

Before I begin I'd like to 
a~kn~wledge an eXI~emely important 
historical facl. And I d like to go back 
to those days, 10, II, 12, 13 years 
ago, to reiterate how important it was 
for us on this campus to reach 

ever~one, absolutely everyone who 
conlildered herself or himself a 
defender of human rights. At first we 

~ere told we were going to alienate all 
k~ds of people, we were going 10 
alienate the faculty, because we did do 
things 6~e enter . the meetings of the 
AcademiC Senate uninvited, after we 
had attempted to receive their 
attentions several times. And we did do 

a~ministration on this campus, the 
disregard of the needs and the interests 
of people of color. 

So we occupied the Registrar's 
o~fi~e. Those are some of the things we 
d.'d In those days, and not in any sense 
'slmply for show. Because we were 
serious, and we knew that we ran some 
risks . ~ was almost expelled,. and my 
educational career · was important to 

~. But it was also extremely 
Important to assure that as many 
people who have so long been denied 
the right to education - 'it was 
important to auure that in future years 
·those opportunities would be widened. 
And as I said before, we attempted-to 
seek support everywhere, all circles in 
this campus community. 

DAVID .. ... mos! sought-after memory expert in the nation." 
- The San Diego Evening Tribt4ne MARKOFFI----____ ~ 

MEMORY 
COURSE 

author of 3 books on memory 
national lecturer 

founder, The Memory School, New York City, 19704 
appearanus on TODA Y and The Mike Douglas Show 
Markoff's courses are taught throughout the country 

Not too long ago, there was a 'press 
conference, and quite a few journalists 
were there. The verf first question that 

Please tum to page 5 

The Memory Course is being tauKht at l 
3883 Ingraham Street, Pacific Beach, and r--------' 
~rta Tuesday, January 22-nom 7-9:30 pm I 

SPECIAL $10 MINI-SEMINAR TONIGHT! 

PLEASE HELP 

Shih Ming-Teh, days before his arrest. 

KEEP MY HUSBAND ALIVE III 

To my fellow Americans: 

Please help keep my husband alive! 

My husband, Shih Ming-Teh was arrested in 'Taiwan on January 8 
not long after I was ~eported from there. As in the case of others' 

arr~sted~ my husband ~s allowed no contact with lawyers or relatives 
unt~l tr~al thereby making torture easier to conceal. He has been 
tortured before and I griveously fear for his well-being. According 
to several sources he was sentenced on January 10 to death in a 
secret military trial: 

My . husb~nd has taken a courageous stand toward the rights of 
- people ~n Ta~wan to democracy and civil liberty. The response of the 

governme~t has been to arrest him and the outspoken elected officials 
an~ cand~dates of democratic movement. They are charged with sedition 
wh~ch can carry a death sentence. 

The Un~ted ~tates government has supported the repressive 
~overnment ~n ~a1wa~ for thirt~ y~ars. Unless the American people' take 

moral stand ~n th~s matter, ~t ~s likely the Taiwan government will 
freely execute i ts critics i ncluding my husband. 

Please support this effort to save the life of my husband and 
my manY , close friends of the democratic movement by signing the petition 
to Pres1de nt Car~er. Y~ur act~on supports the integrity of the America 
stand on human r1ghts ~n the ~nternational eyes. 

With hope, 

~.iJ4~ 
Linda Gail Arrigo Shih 
Class of '72, UCSD 

P.S. My friends will be on the campus to collect your signatures on 
Wed~esday and Thursday. For more informatjon please call SuP 
Arrigo, M. D. (714) 452-88 38. WP. a180 need some helpers to carry 
petition. Thank you. 

Mon., Jan. 21,1980 The Daily Guardian 

Davis On Human Rights 
Continued (rom paRe 4 
was asked was, "What do think about 
what's happening in Afghanistan?" I 
suspected that would happen, and it's 
extremely important, the develop. 
ments that are occurring around the 
world. I just want 10 say, with respect to 
what 's happening in that part of the 
world, we should be very careful about 
believing everything we read in the 
newspaper. 

I really think it's very, very strange 
that there has been this big push within 
the ar~na of the United Nations around 
Afghanistan. It' s funny how sometimes 
President Carter suddenly becomes the 
defender of human rights, isn't it? It's 
really strange, it's really bizarre. 
Because I know for a fact that very 
recently a petition was presented to the 
United Nations, a petition that was filed 
by the organization of which I am one 
of the co-chair.people, the National 
Alliance Against Racist and Political 
Repression, and the Commission for 
Racial Justice of the United Church of 

Christ and the National Conference of 
Black Lawyers. That petition, which 
contained documentation, hundreds of 
pages long, detailed the extent to which 
the human rights of people in this 
country are violated. As a matter of 
fact, in connection with that petition 
which we presented to the United 
Nations, we invited an international 
delegation of jurists. They came from 
Sweden, they came from Nigeria, they 
came from Trinidad . There were some 
13,·urists, lawyers, judges, and even 
the onner Chief Justice of the Supreme 
Court of Trinidad. 

They visited prisons allover the 
country, and they presented their 
report, which was that there were 
certainly, particularly as far as prisons 
are concerned, consistent violations, 
particularly in terms of people of color, 
of the human rights of American 
citizens. I wonder if you've read about 

.... that at all? No response whatever from ' 
the White House. I think it's very 
bizarre the man presumes to be our 

President, and is suddenly talking 
about human rights. If 'you know 
anything about Brzezinski, who is 
basically the architect of foreign policy, 
the really reactionary, war·oriented , 
aggressive foreign policy of this 
country, you know that things are a 
little bit more complex in Afghanistan 
than they appear to be. 

Our position in terms of the 
economy has deteriorated, in terms of 
legislation, police, political prisoners. 
There are more political prisoners 
today than there where when I was 
imprisoned in 1970, 1971, 1972. And 
there are more people being brutalized 
and killed on the major streets of this 
country by the police than every before 
in the history of this country. I must 
admit, I don't have all the information 
about what's going on in San Diego, 
but I hear that it's pretty bad . I hear 
that it's real bad. And I know that it's 
bad in Oakland. 

You've been probably reading about 
what's going on in Oakland - they are 
killing Black people in Oakland, 
wholesale murder, and they're doing it 
in Los Angeles as · well. You know 
about the case of sister Eulia Love. 

Bank of America 

At Bank of America, we 
study student banking needs. 
And we've designed our 
Money Convenience SystemlM 
to help meet them, 

WIaat' ..... Moaey 
eo- IltI • ..,.~? 

It's easy services. For 
example, our free Money Transfer 
SeM::e is great if ~'re getting 
money from horne. With it, funds 
can be automaticaDy transferred· 
on a regular basis from one Bank 
d America checking or savings 
account to another, ~ 
In Califanla. 

Iti easy mngs. checking 
and aedit. We have a wide variety of 
plans to fit most needs. Including 
College Plan-checking. which !jves 
you dmIted checkwriting for just 

$1.00 a month for the nine-month 
school year, And no service charge 
at aD for June. July or August. 

We also offer Instant Cash to 
help ~ establish credit while you're 
stiU in school, It's available to 
students of sophomore standing or 
higher vAlo qualify. 

It's free and easy finandal 
information, Our Consumer 
Information Reports cover a variety 
of financial subjects and they're 

free at any Bank of 
America branch. 

It 's easy-to-get-to 
banking. Our Money 
Convenience System 
helps fit banking into 
your schedule. With 
early and late walk-upj· 
drive-Up windCMIS 
available at most 
branches - just in case 

you have classes during our regular 
hours. And. since Bank of America 
has more branches in California 
than any other bank, we're probably 
nearby, 

So come in and get to knoAl 
The Finance Major. And you'll get 
to knCMI easier student banking. 

m BANKOF AMERICA 

5 

That happened about a year ago, and I 
am angry. I am angry that there can be 
any effort justify the actions of any 
policeman, regardless 01 what color he 
might be, who could pump eight bullets 
into a woman's body who is lying on 
the sidewalk and then allow her to 
bleed to death because she did not pay 
a $25 gas bill. I mean the situation is 
critical. The situatior: is critical, in 
many respects. 

The only reason I got out of prison 
on bail was as a result of the ruling of 
the California Supreme Court, that the 
death penahy was cruel and unusual, 
and I was charged with three capital 
crimes and imprisoned without bail. 
After that happened, at least we could 
refite our application for bail. But now 
they're telling us that the death penalty 
is perfectly all right. And if you look at 
the death row populaticn today, 43 
percent of the death row population 
consists of Black people. HistoricaDy, 
of cour.e, Black people and people of 
color have been the ones who have 
been killed over and over again by the 
government. There have been 
something like 455 men executed as a 
result of being convicted of rape. 

The Country Deli 

./ 

",_01_ 
deHctoUIcIeN ..... : .... __ anoIIer 

01 equal or __ 

p •••••• __ 1 .... - ••• , 
• Nt ' , . 
, , 
, , 
, . 
, , 
, , 

• , 

: , 

~ "~ ...,... 3O.JarulIy, 1~ 
.... Q '.-,~ ........... 
- ~ UI=~ . ~ 

.110 Man ..... 
Ian Dteeo. CA 2f6.f711 

Chinese language 
a Cultural Studies 

ClCS offers: 
Reosonoble expenses 

Travel 
Concentrated study in Taiwan 

EKtensive course listing 
Full univerSity credit 

l' Accepting oppUcallona fOr 
~ -----011 quarter. 

ft For fr .. pamphltlt 
• and col.nMllng. 

0\ Chlrese Language 
.t.. & Culturol Studies 
n p.o. Box 15563 
~ Long Beech, CA 90815 l( (213)-.597-3361 

womancare 

(J feminist 
...... -women's 

health center 

- Self-help 
- Well woman 
- Pregnancy 

screening 
- abortion 

up to 16 weeks 
_ birth control 
_ childbirth 

3616 4th Avenue 
San DIego, CA 

92103 
or call: 291-9112 



• 

Academic Services 
...., thna Frida, 
Do )IOU have workitudy? Are you without a worl&ltudy job? Come to 
c.- PIannin, • Placement and 1ft if you qualify for one of the 
~ -'catudy po.itiona at UCSD. Location: BId, B, Student 

OASIS Writina Center olfera free lel'Vic:e for all UCSD .tudent. who 
Med pre.writint! help, conf_ on chft., and editina advice. We 
.. lip .y kind 01 writina and any lUnd of writina problem. Call 
452·2284 a/ter 8: 15 am to achedule an appointment or drip in USB 
40708:30-4:39 JII'I. Conf_ea are allO available lburaday. 6-8 
pm at 4070 USB, and Sunday. 6-8 pm at The Third Place (acroa. 
from the Munch Boll. Third CoIIeae). 
10 ..... 3 pm - OASIS TARGET SKILLS Seminar coverina 
Telllbook Ie Lecture Notetaki", every hour on the hour from I 0 am 
. 3 pm in 4010 USB. Individual inatruction available. Call 452. 
2284 Ot'come by 401 0 USB for more information. Serviceure lree. 
MONDAY 
9:00. 10:00 _ - Revelle Humanities Assignment Brainstorm: 
SmaI poup dau fOl' Revelle lIIudenb enro lied in Hurnan~ie 
Sequence 12B . J-laahes. Preparation for w~inll directed at your 
particular uaianmenr. a ... rMet. in 4070 USB. Sponsored by 
OASIS Writina Center. 
1:00-3:00 pm - GRADUATE/PROFESSIONAL ADVISING 
SESSIONS· inIonnaI adviUla rMetings. Come to Career !'Iannina 
• PIacemenI. 8uiIdina B, Student Center. 
7 •• pm - Help orientation meeting in TLH 104 for sludenb 
inleseated in volunteer experience at University Ho.ptal. 
1lESDAY 
Revelle Humanitiea AalillJVllenl Brainstorm: SmaD group c1 ... lor 
Revele IIudenta enrolled in Humanities Sequence 12B . Pippin. 
Preparation for writina directed at your particular a .. ignment. CJall 
rneeb in 4070 USB. Sponsored by OASIS Writina Center. 
10:00 • 12 .- - Do you need help in prepari", lor job 
ineerYiew.? Some tipa on the beat way. to present your qualifications 
and what kind of inlerview queationa to expect . Attend the .Job 
IlIlet,iew • ., Worbhop. in Student Cenler. 
10:00 • .- - Drop-in houri '01' PhYlical and Engineering 
Sciencel Majora are available to help you with your career and job. 
hIninI concerna. Come by 6205 Urey HaD at any time convenient 
to you, 
1:00 • 3:00 pn - Drop-in houn for PhYlical and Engineerina 
Sciences majon are available to help you with your career and job. 
huntint concema. Come by 4422 Mayer Hall at any time 
convenient to you. . 
12:00- 1:00 pn - Career Adviain, Seuiona · infonnal writina 
mwtinp fOl' Humanities and Social Science Student I to explore 

oc:c~tionaI pouiJiIitiea. Held in the Muir apt lounge. 
2:00 pm - T _ Mana,ement Strategiea . Surviving Wlllter 
().after and controling your time and grade.. Come to the 
Playback Center Inatructional Room. 
2:00 • 4:00 - Reaume critique " job search advi.ing se.sionllor 
Humanities & Social Science majOF.. Review, brain.torm and 
develop rour peraonal job IIrategiea. Come to Building B, Student 
Center. Open Hour. 
4:00 p m - Come to free 4·week workshop on Meditation and 
PIYChic: Exploration with Dr. Frederick Lenz, author 01 Life';"..,. : 
TrW! AccounIJ 01 Reincornalion. Thi. Tueaday eve: Intro. 
Meditation II; "The Use and Abuse of Mantral." SponlOred by 
UCSD Meditation CI.m. Come to APM 5880. 
7:30 pm - Come to free 4-week workahopon MEDITATION and 
Paychic: Exploration with Dr. Frederick Lenz, author of Lifetime: 
True Accounta 01 ~incomolion. This Tuesday : Intro. Meditation 
II; "The Ute and Abuae 01 Mantras." Sponsored by the UCSD 
Meditation a.m. Come to HL 1148. 
WEDNESDAY 
10:00- 11:00 .... - Career advisinf aeuions • informal advi.ina 
rneetintra for Humanities and Social Science Studmt. 10 explore 
occupational pouibiIiIie •. Come to Warren Coleae Prov. ConI. Rm. 
11:00 • _ - Humanities Ie Social Sciencea employers 01 the 
week: Federal Government. Come to the North Conference Room, 
Stuclmt Center. 

2:OO~ ~ - If you're leeling alone and need aorneone to lUten, call 
FOCUS 452-44~55. We care 
2:00 • 4:00 pn - Drop-in howl lor PhYlical and En~ 
Sciences majors are availalbe to help you with your career and job 
huntinaconcema. Come by 5218 APIeM at any timeconvenientto 
yoo. 
2:30· 4 :00 pm - Attend the JOB STRA TEGIES WORKSHOP 
• it will cover the fundamental. of the job aearch, from identifying 
employers to salary negotiation. Place: North Conference Room. 
Student Center 
3:00 • 5:00 pm - A PREORGASMIC WOMEN'S GROUP will 
meet lor 10 seuions beginni"8 January 23. AU women intereated in 
Ieamina about lemale llexual relponlle and individual orgasmic 
pot"'"tial in a amaH group settin/l are encouralled to call exl. 2669 
(a.k for Sharon) 01' 3755 (aak lor Rhoda) . this/lroup wili be co.1ed 
by Rhoda OIkin (Counsellna &. Psychological Service.) and ~ron 
Keating (Student Health Center). Location to be announced. 
THURSDAY 
9:00· 10:00 am - Revelle Humanities Auignment Brainstorm: 
Small ,roup ClaN lor Revelle stud","/s enrolled in I-l..manitie. 
sequence 12B . o,odorow. Preparation fo, writinl{ directed at your 
particular assignment. aau meet. in 4070 USB. SpoolOred by 
OASIS Writing Center. 
10:00· 11:00 am - Revelle Humanities AMigrvnent Brainstorm: 
Small group claas lor ReveUe students enrolled in I-l..man~1 
sequence 12B · Wlel'schin. Preparation for writi,,!! directed at your 
particular aasigrwnent. Oas. rMets in 4070 USB. SponlOred by 
OASIS Writing Center. 
10:00 • ..- - GRADUATE/PROFESSIONAL School 
advisinjJ _ioN . informal advising meeti"8s at Career Planning & 
Placement, BId, B, Student Center. Open hours. 
1:00 ..... :00 pm - UCSD CaJeer Connection WorI&shop "Discover 
Your Hidden Skil. and Connect Them to PONibie Occupations." 
Si.,.\9' in the Career Plannina " Placement OffICe Student Center BIela B. 
3:00 • 5:00 pm - How to Study for Science . T echniquel to 
orwanizilll & cliaeatin8 acience material, midtenn &. linal 
preparation. Come to OASIS Third Place. 
FRIDAY 
10:00· __ - Reaume critique & job search advising .easionalor 
HImIIM* • Social Science majora. Review, brainstorm and 
develop your personal job IIrategiel. Come to BldIJ B·Student 
Center· . 
5:30 pm - Philipino lIudentl: Pre med advising meeting tailored 
for PhilipinO .tuden ... Come to SSB 1216. 

lion., .Jan. II, 1980 Mon., .Jan. 21, 1180 1 

Religious 
Y 

What's On: 
- LDSAA Old T eatament cia .. at LSA \natitute acrOIl 
Irom Muir. 

pm - "The Search lor the Real .lesu.," a topic 
by Campul Putor John Huber in the lounge of University 
Church (acrOiI the street Irom Revelle College, on La Jolla 

Drive). Everyone is welcome. 

.. 1/21 1/27 

Entertainment 
MONDA Y THRU FRIDAY 
"A Photosraphic Essay" • Thil presentation usually explores 
malellemale relationship expectations and acquaintance aasault 
includina date rape on the coUege campus. Location : UCSD 
Mandeville Annex Gallery . 
7:00 pm - The Ten Comrnondmen's. (I know, I liked the book 
better too! ) Cecil B. DeMille'. amash·.ucce.s, a polemic again II 
communilt imperialill nihilism, and an uproariously lunny movie 
that prove., once and lor all, that Yul Brynner is bald!! Location: 
TLH 104. Admi.sion is Iree. 

11JESDAY 
7:30 and 10:00 pm - Lenny the movie about the famoul 
comedian Lenny Bruce, will be shown Tues Jan 22 in USB 2722. 
The movie sta,. Dustin Hol/mn. Admission $1 .75. The proceed, 
benelit the UJS Boat People Fund. For more info 452·3616. 
7:30and 10:00 pm - Lenny. The slor1 01 Lenny Bruce, the man 
who was George Carlin belore George Carlin was George Carlin. 
Th, Bob Fosae movie stars Dustin Holfman and Valerie Perrine. 
TICkets on sale at Student Center box ol/ice. All proceeds go to the 
UJS Boal People Fund. Location: USB 2722. Admis.ion: $1.75. 

Lectures 
MONDAY 
7:00 pm - Inlo~ mini.lecture/diacuasion aeOO presented by 
SHIP (Stud"'"t Heahh Inlormation Program). "An Exploration of 
Health Perspectives: Relevant Information lor Better PerlOnal 
Health in a University setti"," and lordiscuNion: Promotive Health 
and aeI/.reaponaibility. Come to HL Aud. 
7:00 • 9:00 pm - "How to say no· or ye'! A llexual a.sertiveneas 
workshop." Workahop will include a brief review 01 the components 
01 asaertivenea. and will focul on bow theae apply to the area of 
sexuality. It will oller info on aellual communication, present 
situationa that are problematic for many lIudents and provide an 
opportunity to diacu .. theae iuuel. Come to the Outback Cafe on 
Wane.n Campua. 

nJESDAY 
Noon • 1 :00 pm - Contraceptive Education Seasion: Infonnal 
diacuuion; all must attend to receive birth control aervicea and men 
are encouraged to attend .. well. No appt neeea .. ry, located in the 
conference room at the UCSD Student Health Cenler. 
4:00 pm - o.ernicaI·Physic.1 Seminar: "Harmonic Syllema with 
Roctuati", Frequenciea". Speaker: Dr. Katja Lindenburg, UCSD 
Department 01 o.emi.try. Location: 2105 Bonner Hal. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - "For Men Only: Rape Attitudea". This 
workahop wiD explore the issue 01 sexual aauult and rape attitudes 
01 men. Included will be role playing exercilles, tools for attitude 
chaOle and hopefully much diSCUNion. Location: International 
Center. 

WEDNESDAY 
Noon • 1:00 pm - Contraceptive Edocation Seasion:lnfonnal 
diacuuion; all must attend to receive birth control aervicea and men 
are encouraged to attend 81 well. No appt neceaury, located in the 
conference room at the UCSD Student Health Center. 
4:00 pm - Organic/lnor![anic seminar: "Organic Oxidation 
&action .... Speaker: Dr . Jan Rocek, Dept. 01 o.emiatry, Univenity 
01 lIIinoi., o,icago Circle. Come to TLH 104. 
5:00 jJIII - "Ethnicity Workshop led by Prol. Raymond Haward 
Irom SDSU". An inlormal gathering and discu_ion 01 many topic. 
such as cultural conlliets. SponlOred by TCPB. Students must sign 
up before at the TC Dean's oflice; only open the Third College 
students. Location : Center lor the People. Admiaaion: SOC. 
6:00· 8:00pm - "Howtoaay no · or yel! A sexualauerlivl! 'lei. 
workshop." Workshop will include a brief review of the components 
01 allertivene •• and will locu. on how they apply to the area of 
sexuality. It will oller inlo on sexual communication, present 
• ituations that are problematic for many .tudmtl and provide an 
opportunity to discu .. theae islUl!s. Location: Muir Apt louOle. 

nfURSDAY 
' 12:00 noon - AMES 205 Film Serie •• Film: Low.iWunold.· 
Number flow •. Location: 7104 Urey Hall . Free Admiuion. 
7:00-9:00 pm - "Howto .. y no · or yel! A aexual_rtivneas 
workshop." Workshop wi. include a brief review 01 the componenta 
01 aaaerlivenell and will locu. on how they apply to the area 0/ 
sexuality. It will ofler info on sex .. 1 communication, preaent 
.ituation. that are problematic for many studenta and provide an 
opportunity to diacull theae ilsue •. Location: Third College Fireaide 
lounge. 

FRIDAY 
12:00 n--. - Biochemillry Seminar: "Electronic OIarg&-
Transfer Chromatography." Speaker: Dr . .Ierker Porath, Inllitute 01 
Biochemillry Univer ity of Uppaala, Uppaala, Sweden. Come to 
SSB 2100. 

WEDNESDAY 

__ ,U.' .... '~Y 
pm - "Faith,Science and the Future, " presented by Dr. 

01 the World Council 01 Churches. Those coming to 
at 12:00 noon musl reserve by Wednesday clo Oflice 01 
_I'~'OIJS Allairs, 452·2521, or University o,urch, 453·0561. The 

the lunch is $1 .50 . Program is Iree. Location: Jnternational 

8:30 pm - UCSD German House and Club meeling. Free lilm al Y 
9 :00 pm Der junge Torless (in Gennan) , English subtitles. Localion: pm _ UJS announces another Oneg Shabbat this Friday at 

Meetings 
Beagle Apt, Revelle. Topic 01 the progam and location to be announced. For details MONDAY 6 :30 pm - Outing Club Meeting . ~pen to ever~one .intereated in 

backpacking, climbina, x-<:ountry skIIng, ~c. TOI1lll~tll the annual 
ice skating party directly alter the rMetOlg. Locabon: Rec Coni 
Room. 

16. 
FRIDA Y pm _ Celebration of Christ.ian Unity, sponsored by Catholic, 
Noon • " UCSD Jazz Ensemble" perfeet opportun!!>: 10 relax,listen . ,scopa' and Lutheran campus ministries at University Lutheran 
to good mu ic and meet new people. Sponsored by TCPB. Location: 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr., next to Revelle College. 

3·00 pm - Israel Action Committee . meeting at Revelle ( 1~)Formal Lounge. Come and meet the "Dave Consortium" in 
person. For more info, call x3616. 

Third CoUege Quad. WEDNESDAY 
7:00 pm - Film: The So,row and The Pily In this towering TURDA Y 
documentary, Marcel Ophun UIleS interviews with the citizenl for a pm _ Havdallah thing . The weekly alternoon of Jewish 

7:00 pm - Surfing Club and T~am meetina. DiscuSlion lor film 
and dance. Don't lorgel your dues! New members ~ncourag~ to 
come. Oflicers meet at Q.15 Muiral6:30 pm. Locahonol meehng: 6:00 pm - Circle UK" Oub . planning meeting. Location: Revelle 

Informal lounge. 
small French town, ita Nazi military commander during WWII , and prayer discullion, celebration, and eating. Everyone 
key political ligures, in his struggle to come to grips wilh the .,nlnIDull~~ wh~t they can (potluck and discullion), and we all enjoy. 

HSS 2150. 
7 :30 pm - Snow Ski Team Workout: Conditions and we!ght liling. 
Be prompt and dressed to work oul. Come to the wrestllna room. llfURSDAY pf the Nazi occupation 01 France. Location: TLH 104. Admi.Slon ? Call Dllvid Bockman at 481·9529 or x3616. 

Iree. pm _ Catholic maSl al University Lutheran Church. 
3 :00 pm - Calilornia CampUi Studentl Auocialiona Throuah 
Education we become aware when we leek control. Come to our 
lint orga~iZlltional meeting and gel involved. Location: North 
Conference Room, Student Center. SATURDAY 

4:00 pm - Boxing practice meets every Saturday al 4 pm. 

SUNDAY 
5:30. 11 :00 pm - The Warren Commuter Board presenls the 
annual Warren Ice Delight. Five and a hall hours of skating, Iree 
door prizes. Tickets at the box office or at the door. Location : 
Univer.ity Towne Cenler Ice Capades Chalet. Admission is $2.00 
and includes skate rental. 

MONDAY 
3:00 • 5:00 pm - Lacrosse Club practice Revelle Field. 
3:30 • 5:00 pm - Judo Club practice Wreslting Rm., Main 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymna.tics Oub aponlOu open 
Mlnday·Friday, 4·6 pm, in the South Balcony 01 the Main 
Any UCSD affiliates intere.ted in joining us are welcome! 
4:00.6:00 pm - Table Tennis Club meets today lor open 
the Rec. Conference Room. 
5:00 pm - Karate Club practice North Balcony, Main 
5:00·7:00 pm - Yoga Club meeting Adaptive Rm, Main 
6:00·8:00 pm - Squaredancill( Club, new this quarter, will 
on Mondays, 6-8 pm, in the Rec. Conference Room. Sign up 
Rec Office. 
6:30 • 8:00 pm - Aikido Club practice, Wrestling Room. 
6:30 • 8 :00 pm - Jazz Dance Club '-ts a Jazz 
Performance ClaN on Monday., 6:JO.8 pm, North 
Main Gym. Instructor Kenneth Green. Sign up at the 
Office. 

TUESDAY 
3:00 • 5:00 'pm - Ultimate Friabee practice Revelle F'JeId. 
4:00 • 5:00 pm - Korean Karate practice North Bakony , 
Gym. 
4:00 • 6:00 pn - Gymnaatica Club open supervised 
the South Balcony 01 the Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - Karate CI.m practice North Balcony, Main 
5:Q9 • 5:45 pm - Judo CI.m practice, Wrestling Roam. , 
5:00 • 6:30 pm - The Bellydancins Club iI now I'fIftting 
Tuesday, 5·6:30 pm, in the Rec Coni Rm. A great way to 
shape! 
7:30 pm - Men's Volleyball VI Loyola Marymounl. Main 
Free admiuion. 

RE9YCLE YOUR NEWSPAPERS 
RECYCLINO BIN LOCATIONS ON CAMPUS: 

, .' 

.. / 

.' 

. . ( 
',' ';'~' .-', 

I) AT THE LANDINO 0,. HUMANITIES LIBRARY 
I) BEHIND THE REVELLIl MUDHUTS 
3) IN THE LOWER PARKINO lDI' BEHIND MUIR 
.) IN MANDIVILLE PARKtNO LOT 
"IN THE NEW THIRD COLL&OE APARTMENTS 
81 BY THI RESIDENT DEAN" O,.,.ICE AT WARREN 
71 IN THE NEW WARREN DORMS 

Y 
am - Catholic mass al University Lutheran Oturch. 
am - Lutheran Communion service, open 10 all, with Pastor 

as preacher and celebrant, University Lutheran Church, 
Jolla Shore. Drive. 

am - Catholic mass al University Lutheran Church. 
- Epiacopal Eucharists, Universily Lutheran Church, 

La Jolla Shores Drive. 
pm - Catholic mass at University Lulheran Church. 

TUESDAY 
4:00 pm - Media, Art. & Promotions Board Meetina . New 
members welcomed! Location: 405 Warren College. 
6:00 pm - Democrats & P.r0gressi~es : I~portanl or~anizatio~1 
me<.. iiscuss the upcommg candIdates lorum. All tnterested In 
promoting political thought on campus are invited to attend. Come 
to the pub. 
6:30 pm - Pizza party! The ~JS holds ye! another .senselell 
ac tivity. Free pizza to all and lasl minute Lenny bc~et.s available (10, 
money still) . Come and eat and meel and beat the hnes at the box 
office. Inlo? x3616. Location : Chancellor's ConI. Room B. 

What's On In Sports 
WEDNESDAY 
3:00 • 5:00 pm - Lacrolae CI.m practice Revelle Field. 
3:30 • 5:00 pm - Judo Club practice Wrestling Room 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Table Tennis Club open play Rec Coni Rm. 
New players alway. welcome! . 
4·00 • 6 :00 pm - Gymnastics Club sponsors open supervised w~rkouts lor all you lormer gymnast tnthusiasls. Join us in Ihe South 
Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:00 • 7:00 pm - Yoga Club meetina Adaptive Room, Main 
Gym. 
5:00 • 8:00 pm - Jazz IAtnce Club spons~s inslruc:tio~ on 
Wednesday.: begining jazz dallce, 5.6:30 pm a~ Oltermediate JBZZ 
dance, 6:30-8 pm. In the North Balcony, MaIO Gym. Inllructor: 
Kenneth Green. 
6:00 pm - Women's basketball v. Skagit Valley. Main Gym. Free 
admiNion. 
6:00. 9:00 pm - Ballroom/DileO Dance Club S~lOrI Ballroom 
Dance inatruction: beginning at 6-7:30 pm and .ntermedlAte at 
7:JO.9 pm. At the Rec Coni Rm. 

4 :00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics Club sponso .. open supervised 
workouts, South Balcony 01 the Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - Karate Club practice North Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:00 • 5:45 pm - Judo Club practice, Wrestling Room . 
6:00 pm - Men's JV basketball vs Point Lorna JV, at Point Lorna. 
Free admission. 
6:00 • 9:00 pm - Ballroom/Disco Club sponsors Disco Dance 
inslruction on Thursday evenings: beginning a~ 6· 7:30 .pm a nd 
intermediate. 7:30-9pm. Sign up at the Campus Rec Ofl,ce. 
8:00 pm - Men's Varsity basketball vs Point Lorna, at Point 
I.Dma. Free admillion. 
8:00 • 10:00 pm - Juggling Club practices each Thursday in the 
wrestling room, Main Gym. 
8 :30 pm - Racquetball club Night at Black Mountain Racquetball 
Club, 9·11 pm, 52.00. Meet at Urey Hall mailbox at 8:30 pm lor 
carpooling. All levels 01 play wekome. 
Friday throuah Sahrday - J?cquet Sports . Pentathlon: 
racquetbaB, badminton, table tennIS, .squash, lennI.. ~k up 
schedule and sign up in the rec gym offIce. $3.00 entry lee. 

6:30 • 8:00 pm -Aikido Club practice Wreatling Room. FRIDAY 
7:00 pm - Warren !=allege and ~ationl sponaor: Begin~na 2:00 pm _ Men's tenni. v. Point Loma, at Point Loma. Free 
Tennis Clinic. Sign up In advance and bring your raquets! l'here •• a admiNion. 
50c charge. 2:00 • 3:00 pm _ Synchronized Swimming aub meets today al 
7:00-8:30 pm - Hawaiian Dance, a new dub, i! now hoIdina the Pool. 
sesaiona on Wedneadays in the Weal Balcony. Sign up at the 2 :00 • 5:00 pm _ Boxing Club meets in wrestling room. Also, 
Campus Rec Office. other workout timn available. 

5:00 pm - Warren College Commuter Board Meeting • New 
member. welcomed! Location: 405 Warren College. 

FRIDAY 
10:00 am - Graduation committee meeting. Location: Warren 
Provosts Coni. Rm. 
5:00 pm - UCSD Abalone Alliance Meeting upillairs (student 
cell tcr) in the office by the men's room. 

5 :00 pm - Karate Club practice, North Balcony, Main Gym. 
7 :30 pm - Men's Swimming vs SDSU, UCSD Natalorium. Free 
admission. 
7:30 pm - Men's volleyball va SDSU, UCSD Main Gym . 

SA ruRDAY·SUNDAY 
Winter camping and cro •• country skiing trip to San Gol'lonio, 
Price of $16 includes tran.portation, food, lent. alore. and 
cooking gear. Sign up in Rec Gym office. 

SAruRDAY 
9:00 am - ACUI Chess tournamenl (Association 01 C?lIege 
Unions International) present a chess tournament Saturday In the 
Student Center. Please sign up in advance at the Rec dept. 
9 ,00 am - ACUI Frisbee tournament (Association of CoUege 

U~onl International) preaents a frisbee tournament at Revelle Field. 
Please sign up in advance at the Rec Office. 
11:00 am - Women's rugby v. SDSU. 
12 noon. 2:00 pm - Ultimate Frisbee Club practice, Revelle F'teld. 
3:00 pm - Women's baaketball VI Whittier, Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - JV ba.ketball vs Whittier, Main Gym. 
7:30 pm - Varsity basketball vs Whittier, Main Gym. 
8:00 pm - Third Annual Underwater Fihn Fe.tival presented at 
the MandeviUe Auditorium. Come see the aea creature.! AdmlNlOl1 
i. $2.50 for studentl and $3.50 general. 

lHURSDAY 2:30 pm - Women's tennis va Redlands. Free admiasion. SUNDAY 
5 00 La Club t· Re elle Fi Id 10'.00 • 12 noon - Synchronized Swimmina Club meet. at the 3:00 • 5:00 pm _ Ultimate Frisbee Club practice, Revelle Field. 3:00· : pn - crGlle prac Ice, v Ie. 

4.,00 pm _ Women'. basketball vs Point I.Dma, at Point Loma. 4:00·6:00 pm - Table Tennil Club meets lor open play in the pool. Board "I Rec Conf Room. New Players always welcome! 5:30 pm - Warren College Commuter .~I an . ce 
Free admiaaion. G aub h 'sed Delight" lor all UCSD and friends . $2.00 unlimited skating. 
4 '.00 • 5:00 pm _ !Co-an Karate Club practice, North Balcony, 4:00· 6:00 pm - ymnastics osls open IlUperv. T C ,~ gymnastics workouts daily in the South Balcony, .. Main Gy~. Location: University owne enter. Main Gym. KYI"'-'~._u,=::~~~~==~==::~==~~ ________________________________________ __ 

r""'""""'"';'''''''"'"'d • I) fioara 
mOl1l Or JO n.;, ., , .m~"" of _"" , .... wiob c.._ ,,"Mm, .. ""_0' • of "" 

- .- . Wedneaday morning. Visit us It the Student ~nter, Bid .. B. WE ARE HERE TO HELP! 
MANAGEMENT TRA~NEE: Salary nexoriabk. Bwines, major or • -:pJTJ w'OTk expertef\Ce(6857)· I 
COST PROPERTY BOOKKEEPER: "'.1,, /"', BA ,u,gree in aa:lNnling or minimum . yrs crperU!f\C' 0$ bookkeeper or 

enIry lewl accounting in monwlactvring ""t/ironment (68,6). . ., 
DRAFTSMAN: SaIory ntll"liahU!. Dell'eI! in droflinR ",.{erred. MechanICal Englrt«rtnR hadwound helpful (68,8). 

INfW ... IPI . d fres/tmen and 
SIwL.-nt A,n:ioIe (DI' op"..-olions): Salary competili .... OOE. 40 /t" I....,'k. Com/Jl"eY ScU!f\Ce, 3' ljuarteT 

abow (Z·J074)· 
"., . SoIary competililOt OOE 40 /tn/ week. Cam"",,,, Scimce or EECS (Z-JoB)) . 

oll'ammIRR: ' , kerr I . . (ZE ) 
Snulenl A,....,i,"e/Planl Fueililies Enl/ineeri",: Salary romperititle OOE. M« /tarllcal or e leo englll«l'I'\II '3071 . 

" --~ IVINlII ANNOUNCIMINtS I PART-Tl. 
SENIORS: PACE EXAMINATION ' . . CAREER Model: Salary negotiable. Hrs 10 ~ arra",ed (0692). 
Jon a . February 15. AppLicalion ~flod for lite PACE, ,,-/rich i, .he ~ IetJd GUlmlnallon for FEDERAL GW,·bw...er/ ... uu".: "'.oo/ hr. H" 10 ~ arra",ed. (069.). JOBS" Applicalimu and inforrnolion <ITt """iloble onl, I"roug" lhe 0" ... '" of Person",,1 MO""RemeIIl (Federal j(Ji> 

Bookslore ckrk: $J.lo/h,. H" 10 ~ (lfTon,ed. (0680) . Information) .QJ.()16,. 
Wore/wrue """,ker: $3.,0Ih,. M·F, 4 'ffJ/dtJ, (066.). ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWING: . onda, J . Dish .. whcr: $). 10/ It,. Hn 10 ~ (lfTonged (0643) . I ... ""Miru Ftbntary .. for all rhoJeobcoining dqrfll!J in .,.c ,,,",,"I accu/erluql..,. S,gn wps '1aTI 9'00""', M . an""ry 21. T",ur: $3.,0/hr. M·F, 7:)0 am· I.:OO "'" (0648) . I .. Ca,.,.,. I'lonni"" I!I ~. 

COMMITTEE INTERVIEW WORKSHOPS; ff, Cant Rex a.dd · B SIwL.-nt Ct:nk'l' Arce!ldance is 
•• 10 om and on .... " "d'" pm. Scwcknc A alT' "' • .,...'" lin. . ' IRK . . ' .. 

I ~::,..~ a/x, muknu "./::, .. ·,11 "" """'inR a c'OIIImi.,,-'!! int • .,.,;.,,,,, or hcallh "",{.,.,ronal ,.:Ioooltn FeIwv4ry. Th .. applll!' 10 NORMAN COUSIN LECTURE: 
sr...J.."u ulh.T .""n Ihi,d ""'" jlmlor,. M"nd<."lll~ Audilorium, 7:JO pm, T".,..J", Fthrwlry , . 

I HEALTH SCIENCES COALITION MEETING: . I . I T r.;k"tJ ....... ,1ahIc at I"~ Bu. Of/iCll, janlllJry .. . No e"",/!". I w" ,../a j R If., F mnalLt .... 1I" 7'00 I"" ",,,,,-,,,,"Ium ,,{ dubs .. lnd ""Kaftl:<lllllru ul rnl<T .... 1 III hI/) o~ ... " 
I 

< "" "un""ry Jj. .,'" • I . ., 
, 

.... ·1 ......... .IlWd.."IIIJ 

• • 



8 ________________________________________________ ~Th~e~D~ai~ly~G~u~a~rd~i~a~n~ ______________________________ ~Nl~0~n~ .• ~J~a~n~.~2~1~,~1~98~O~ 

LiN eow... • UCSD ltudent who won this year'. John C. 
Rock.,..1er International Youth Award for .uperior leaderahip in 
JGUIh activilt ............ 
SAAC All Smiles After 
Davis Speaks to 700 

ConIinueJ from ",.,. J 
Tambuzi himae.lf had Ilood up before Davis spoke and 

introduced other member. of SAAC and said a ~ttIe bit about the 
efforts of the group. Committee members said it was the best 
publicity they could have gotten. 

Tambuzi said last week that he hoped the Davis visit would 
provide "some reaffirmation of what we are supposed to be 
about." Friday afternoon in the International Center, it was 
c1l1parf'llt that the navis visit had done that. 

What Davis told the gathering was that they key to the 
struggle wall unity. What had won Lumumba·Zapata College 
Will> an alliance between Black and Mexican students, and what 
would win it ~ck was a similar alliance among all minority 
S:fudents and white students as well: anyone willing to take up thf' 
fIght. 

At the. International Center gathering Davis tried to downplay 
her own Importance as a leader but T ambuzi told her that as a 
leader she had reflected some of her courage and political zeal 
onto the minorities of UCSD. 

Latc Friday afternoon, as the lines formed outside of USB 
Tambuz.i said he was glad that so many people were coming t~ 
see DaVIS but he hoped that they would remember that it was 
SAAC that brought her to campus. 

,Davis flew back to San Francisco Friday night , but, Tambuzi 
saId, SAAC members were hoping that the students would 
remember that, "we're still here." 
------------------------------

FrODl SD Streets to DC: 
Concern Wins $10,000 

By Sam Gooch 
Aasoc:iate News Editor 

Lsa Cobbs is a 23·year·old UCSD 
sophomore. 

She is also a lecturer, a journalist, and a 
tireless worker for social change and improved 
opportunities for disadvantaged youths. 

And she is this year's recipient of the John C. 
Rockefeller International Youth Award - a 
$10,000 cash prize given annually for superior 
leadership in youth activist's programs. 

The Youth Award, first Jiven in 1970 
reflecll Rockefeller's person philosophy of 
youth political movements toward social 
beneficence, a philosophy outlined in his 1968 
speech "In Praise of Young Revolutionaries." 

Rockefeller's intention was to praise and 
reward individuals who have consistently 
contributed to youth.related causes over a 
period of several years rather than those who 
have made singular accomplishments. 

Nominations come to the Award Committee 
from throughout the world and to win an 
applicant has to fit the requirements perfectly 
- and has to be damn good. . 

And Cobbs fits. Her background is 
"revolutionary ," her accomplishments 
superior. 

She was on her own at 14, escaping from an 
oppressive family environment, surviving in the 
bleak environs of downtown San Diego. 

" I won't go into details about my family 
situation, but it was physically and psychically 
abusive," Cobbs says, " It was very 
undesireable." . 

"Every day on the street was survival," 
Cobbs says of those harsh years nearly a 
decade ago. But she did more than survive and 
still does. Over more that nine years sh~ has 
~ounded o~ in some way been intimately 
Involved WIth over half a dozen publications 
and local and national organizations dedicated 
to helping disadvantaged youth. 

At ] 5, Cobbs co-founded a social.oriented 
Il<!wspaper If It Ain 't One Thing, It's Another. 

AI~~ugh it only lasted a few issues, the early 
trammg would help her in future journalistic 
endeavors. 

The f.ollowing two years proved very active 
and frwtful for Cobbs. She associated with 
numerous San Diego County "street agencies " 
and was an active member of the Mayor:s 
CounCil on Youth Opportunities, the Steering 

. c~mmittee of Co~munity Congress of San 
Diego, and the Mid.City Youth AI~ance. 

" These three organizations make 
recom,:",~~dations on youth program funding 
fOLactivlties such as education, recreation and 
vocational training," explains Cobb. 

During this period, Cobbs was also a 
counse~or for San Diego County's Drug 
Education for Youth program, having had 
"personal experience" in the misuse of drugs. 

Seven years ago, Cobbs edited the organ 
newsletter for the Center for Women's Studies 
and Services. Today, she is the organization's 
Board President and the coordinator and 
originat.or of the Center's Young Women's 
Journahs!" an~ Community Education Project. 
The ProJec t IS charged with recruiting high 
school women , training them in journalism 
skills. 
. Last year, Cobbs delivered a message on the 
Importance and achievements of the Project to 
the Robert F. Kennedy Memorial gathering in 
Washington DC. 

" It was the first time a feminist organiiation 
had been allowed to speak at the convention. " 
Cobbs says. 

Cobbs is also Managing Co·Editor of the 
CWSS sponsored Longest Revolution, a bi. 
monthly, feminist oriented journal with a 
circulation of 5 ,000. 

At 19, Cobbs co-founded a national 
orR~nization ' called Open Road. 

"We started with a $100,000 budget from 
the Governor's discretionary hmds," says 
Cobbs. "We now have a $2 million budget for 
San Diego alone." 

Provost in 
Hospital 

Davis Speaks to 700 

Muir Provost John Stewart 
will enter Scripp s Memorial 
Hospital for several days this 
week to undergo " minor 
surgery," he says. 

Stewart said he will be 
admitted to Scripp's tomorrow 
and will be released Sunday. 

Stewart said he would be 
able to return to work by the 
end of the week of Jan. 28. 

Continued from page J 
minority students Third College has attracted. 

"He was there when we addressed the academic senate ... He 
was there when we occupied the registrar 's office, Davis said in 
reference to the early agitation for the formation of Lumumba. 
Zapata college. 

There was li.ttle ~a!~on can do alone about Third College's 
problems, DaVIS scud, the struggle has to be organized by the 
students." 

D~vis is t~ co· founder and Co·chair of the National A1~ance 
Agamst ~CISt and PO.litical Rep~ession, and is currently the 
Commu",st Party candIdate for vlce.president. 

PORTRAITS OF FAITH 
A series of lunCh-time discussions focusing on people of 

------------rellglous significance. ----__ 
January 22 

January 29 

February 5 

February 12 

February 19 

February 26 

Thomas Merton 

Donlel Berrigan 

George Fox 

Franz Rosenzweig 

Youel Rakover 
Martyr of the Warsaw Gheno 

James Joyc:e 

Kevin Munn (Catholic Campus Minister) 
Douglas Magde 

(Chemistry) 
James Brune (Scripps: GeoPhysics) 

Jonathan SavIlle 
(literature) 

Taml Morris 
(Freshman student) 

Patrick Ledden 
(Mathematics) 

March. Dietrich Bonhoeffer les AtkInson 
(Presbyterian Campus Minister) 

March 11 Freldrlch W. Nietzsche DavId luff 
(History) 

---BRING A WNCH - COFFEE PIOViDEDf-------o RMW INFORMAL LOUNGE 
Tuesd , 12·1 :00 PM 

IPOfIIOI'8d by the Ofllce of Religious AffaIrs 

UCSDhas a 
DENTAL GROUP 

at the 
Student HeaJ.th Center 

With 

• EXAMINATIONS 
• DENTAL WORK 
• HYGIENISTS 

are availabl e for 
cleaning teeth 

We can do spouses, 100! 

Student Rates 

MONDAY thru FRIDAY 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

phone: 452-2080 

How long has it been Since y'ou 've 
seen a dentist? 

lion.. Jan. ¥1. lWU 

Men Take Third in 
Volleyball All-Cal 
Top Division I Berkeley 

By Scolt AllilOn 
The men's volleyball team 

defeated NCAA Division I UC 
Berkeley to finish a strong 
third at the A11·CaI toumament 
Saturday in the Main Gym. 

The UCLA team, tenned 
"awesome " by Coach 
Dannevik prior to the 
tournament, lived up to its 
billing by not losing a single 
game the entire day and by 
sweeping Santa Barbara in the 
finals, two games to none . 

condition succinctly : "There's 
a winni ng atmosphere here 
We've got the ability, mentally 
and physically , to win the 

The Daily Guardian ' 

ISport~1 
championship this year." 

The Triton's next game is 
tomorrow night in the Main 
Gym against Loyola · 
Marymount, and Friday night 
they host the Aztecs from San 
Diego State. 

,.... Dall~ OuardiaD . 

UCSD'. Jim Dooley makes a spike during a 
recent match. Dooley and hi. teammates 

finished third 
Saturday. 

9 

In their match against 
UCLA, the Tritons held the 
1979 defending champs dose, 
and actually had an eight point 
lead at one point in the second 
game. The Bruins, though, 
showed great poise and 
UCSD, like every other team 
in the nation, was outclassed 
by the squad from Westwood. 

Cagers Fall by . 30 in League Opener 
The third place finish, along 

with the victory over Cal· 
Berkeley, left players and 
coaches with a positive 
attitude over the Triton's 
potential. 'The future may hold 
great things, as the season 
now enters its third week. 

The starting six of Eric 
Willis, Hal Jacobs , Jon 
Mooney, Bob Rhodes, Jim 
Dooley, and Steve Upp' may 
be the best in Triton history. 
NAIA champoinship this year 
is a strong possibility, should 
everyone stay healthy. 

Assistant Coach Joe Shirley 
summed up the team's 

By Barbara Haas 
Senior Staff Writer 

After their bold predictions, 
the opening of league play left 
the varsity basketball players 
disappointed as Azusa Pacific 
beat them Friday night, 117· 
.87. 

The Tritons watched their 
early lead disappear, replaced 
by a 30 point deficit when a 
break in momentum caused 
the team to ease up on Azusa. 

What the Tritons lack, 
according to coach Ron 
Carter, i. intensity. 

"We started off doing a 
good job, leading 8.2, and 
then we relaxed a ~ttle bit. We 

SCHOLARSHIP TO 
MEDICAL/OSTEOPATHIC SCHOOL 

Available to students just entering or 
already enrolled, this scholarship is 
for U.S. citizens between 18 and 33 
years old. Full tuition, authorized fees , 
boolcs arnU-485.00 ~h per month will 

be provided. 

For further details on the Navy.Health 
Profession Scholarship, contact Mel 
Goodloe or Bill Bryant at (7H}-293-

6+K (collect). 
, 

.-7;J(' (/,,(' ~ (/".4-
"UR~ MUla:?!!'!' 

JA"Z.z lBAN'D 
,If ' , Ii", . """""'('0 

JIInUrY 27. Sunday, 6:00 pm 
IXSD Students $3.50, Srudents, F8Culry, Staff $4.50 

0eMra1 Admi.ion $5.50 
......... ----UCSD Box Offlcr 452 ..... 55''1----",.; , 

just don't realize that the other 
team is out there to win. We're 
a good team, and if we can just 
play with intensity the whole 
game, then everything will 
come together." 

In the sometimes wild 
game , 66 fouls were called by 
the eager referees. Stan 
Hopper, Sherman Johnson, 
Kevin Douglas and Steve 
Claiborne all fouled out and 
UCSD was whistled for three 
technicals . 

The number of louis 
resulted in good free throw 
percentages for both teams. 
Azusa shot 74% from the line, 
and the Tritons canned 70%. 

The Cougars also out· 
rebounded their visitors by a 
decisive 72·44 edge. 

UCSD players lost their 
patience in the game, 

uncontrolled 20· 

footers instead of waiting for a 
high percentage inside shot. 
They only succeded in giving 
extra rebounds to a strong 
Azusa team. 

Sherman Johnson , the 

leam'. 6'5" center, believes 
the Tritons aren't playing up to 
potential because they're ''too 
nice. We're just too nice on the 
court. We jUit can't sit out 
there and let the other team 

slap U5 around. We have to 
want to win as much as they 
d .. o. 

Late in the game everything 
finally came together but not in 

Plea.e /um to page IO 

THE 
FOOD CO-OP 

IS OPEN! 
in the Student Center 

Fresh organic produce, 
nuts, grains, breads, 

Alta Dena dairy products 

Member and retail prices 
open 10 -- 5, Mon - Fri 

11 -- 4, Sat 
closed Sun 

Food for people 

not for profit 



10 
.The Dally Guat'dian 

Women Lose By· 9 In OT 
The women'. ba.ketball 

team played one 01 their best 
games this year in holding 
USD to a 53·53 tie at the end 
of regulation play Friday night 
- then died. 

USD notched two 3-point 
play. in overtime and scored 
10 more points to win 69·58 
after the final five minute 
period. 

have handed UCSD defeats , 
like USIU and Pt. Lorna . 

Even Malone wasn ' t 
expecting a win . Yet the 
Triton. played with better ball 
control than they had been in 
recent games. 1l.ey stayed 
calm and made fewer hasty 
mistakes than in the past. And 

Stacey Macfadyen neutralized 
USD's 6'6" center in the first 
half, limiting her to seven 
points and giving the Tritons 

the confidence they needed to 
stay up with their opponents. 

Now the Tritons are getting 
ready for a shot at up~etting 
Azusa Pacific on Jan. 29. 
Azusa is the favorite to win the 
league title, but UCSD had 
scheduled their season a round 
them, hoping to peak at the 
day when the two teams meet. 

"We're going to fight for our 
lives when we play Azusa" 
said Malone. ' 

Mon., Jan. 21, 1980 . 

"It waa basically a lad, of 
experience," .aiCf coach Judy 
Malone. .. AJI the .team went 
out Of u in that overtime 
period." 

The Triton. used a man to 
man defense and it succeeded 
in Uniting USD'. scoring 
throuah mo.t of the game. 
UCSO had a five point lead at 
halftime, then lo.t it in the 
lecond period. With second. 
remaining Wendy Nakayama 
drove in for 8 Ieft.handed 
layup which tied the score at 
53. 

UCSD Center Sherman JohnlOn play. tight defense in recent game. 

Steelers Win Fourth Super Bowl 
PASADENA The 
Pittsburgh Steeler. won an 
unprecendented fourth NFL 
Super Bowl yesterday, but not 
without a .tubborn fight from 
the underdog Lo. Angeles 

Cagers Lose 

Ram •. 
The Ram., II · point 

underdog. , actually led going 
into the fourth quarter before 
the veteran Steelera, led by 
quarterback Terry Bradshaw, 
pulled out their 31· 19 win with 

Most observers expected 
the Ram. - whose 9 · 7 
regular sea.on mark was the 
wort record of any team in the 
NFL playoffs to be 
de.troyed by the Steelers, 
considered the finest team of 

USD came into the game a. 
a heavy favorite. 1l.ey have 
been beatina the school. that 

two touchdown • . 

UC STUDENT LOBBY 
legislative Conference 

Friday, Saturday, Sunday, March 25-27 

All students interested in participating 
in workshops in Sacramento please contact 

Linda Sabo or Nancy Laga at 452-4450 . 
. 

Rides & travel arrangements will be provided. 

There will be workshops on: -
UC Child' Care Legislation 

Affirmative Action Recruitment 
Collective Bargaining: the Student Impact 

UC's Role in Agribusiness 
Jarvis II 

. 

All Marine officers are 'infantrY' ... right? 
Wrong ... only this relative percentage 
Th:"rest are: J 

Flight officers 
Air controllers 
Lawyers 
Data processing officers 
Supply officers 
Communication officers 
Artillery officers 
Engineers 
Trocked vehicle officers 
Intelligence officers 
Motor transport officers 
Electronic warfare officers 
Public affairs officers 
Financial managers 

Professional opportunities you didn't 
even know existed. Ask about 'Ple' 
Marine officer programs· 293·5073. 

the past decade. 
But the Rams , paced by 

young quarterback Vince 
Ferragamo's 15 . for.25 
passing performance, led 19. 
17 until Bradshaw threw a 34. 
yard fourth quarter touchdown 
pass to wide receiver Jonn 
Stallworth. 

The Rams tried to come 
back late in the final period , 
but Steeler linebacker Jack 
Lambert picked off a 
pass to end the thrust. 

BECAUSE 

Continued from page 9 
time to salvage the game. In 
the final 15 minutes the cagers 
played a competitive running 
game. Carter was proud of the 
dying effort of the eam, and 
said that "When a team is 
down by this many, they 
usually quit. But we just really 
put out and didn' t give up on 
the game. They played hard 
- it was 15 minutes of great 
basketball." 

There is no automatic insurance coverage ... 

You may want to 

"Cover 
Your 
Bod" 

Winter quarter enrolbnent 
now in progre .. 
deadline: February 3 

All registered student. and 
post doc. are eligible. 

infonnation and applications are available at 
Student Health Services. Student pre mium 
$34.25 per quarter, spouae $44, children 

$44. 

SPIRIT 
NIGHT 

Women's Basketball ..... . ..... 3 pm 
JV Basketball ... . ... r . ' •••••• • • 5 pm 
Varsity Basketball ... . ' " ... 7:30 pm 

MAIN GYM 
January 26 

FREE ADMISSION 

all games tiS. Whircier College 

VICTO RY PARTY 
FOLLOWING-- PONSORED 

BY THE ASUCSD 

11 J 21 U980~) . .~ . .. __________ Tb~!e~D~an~y~G~u~a~rd~i~a~n~ ____________________________________________ ___ Mon., IUlr , 
.. 

Classifieds 
personals 
Commuters. It's AAG time again! Feb. 2nd 
sign ups are being taken at the commUlltty 
cemer. (1124) 
BE THERE OR BE SQUARE.. Spirit night 
t 980. Basketball vs. Whittier on 1/2610 the 
main gym 11/22) 
Revelle French House: Don't miss Mu~ Res 
Hall Council's Language lable. Mondays, 6 
pm Muir Caf N. Dining Room (t 12t) 
HOWABOUT BELL YOANCING? Tuesdays 
5-6:30 pm Rec Coni Rm $tO (1/22) 
Square dancing Monday 6·8 pm al the Rec 
Conf Rm for $10 ye all come square 
dancing '(1/21) 
ICE SKATING includes rentals·lessons 
from 7 to t 1 Free skating al the Ice Capades 
Chalel all for $24.00 Wed. (1/23) 
Non· licklish person· you've gOI me dazed 
and confused. Help!? Ticklish person. 
(1/21 ) 
There w~1 be 8 time out staff meeting this 
Mon. Jan 21 al 6 :00 in timeout. (For merly 
Revelle community center . )Anyone 
inleresled in VOlunteering is welcome. 
(1/21) 

announcements , 
Wanted: prospective AAG participanl • . 
Male or temale, must be a commuter. Sign 
__ .11 Time OUI. (1/24) 
-:'iiwt . .............. .now 'fOUl 

atheletic prowress. MG leam sign ups are 
now al TIme Out. (1/24) 
JAZZ EXERCISE AND RHYTH MIC. 
AEROBICS al UTC. For more informatioo 
call North YWCA 274·4260. (1 /22) 
WANTED: 2 siudent VOIunleers 10 serve as 
co·ordinators tor lhe CASINO San Diego 
Melrop oilian Inlernship Prog ram . 
Responsib ilities include organizing 
program. selling up internships. meeting 
wilh local politicians and other officials 10 
secure internShips. Min 10 hrs/wk. Good 
wrrting and organizational SkHIs needed. 
May lead to paying iob and paid internship in 
San Diego, Sacramento or Wash DC. 
Inquire al CASINO, Student Cenler x 4450. 
(1/25) 
Open House al Ship Friday, Jan 25, 4:00 
Ship Cenler above Studenl Lounge. Wine 
and cheese. (1/25) 

, 

Spaniards do It wllh hOI sauce! Muir 
Language Table. SpaniSh Wednesdays 6 
pm Muir Cal N Dinong !;loom (1 /21 ) 
G .U.T.S. dinner Ihealre food drink iva 
entertainmenlonly 53.00 Tickels al Sludenl 
Box Office Now. (1/25) 
h's comingll Sp,,~ nighl 1980. Bigger and 
beller than ever. Be there on January 26 in 
Ihe Main Gym. (1/21) 
MURAL CONTEST for new Warren ApI's 
Rec. Cenler. Wall size approx 20' x 12' for 
info call 452·4581.(1 /2 1 /28) 
CHANGE YOUR LIFE THIS THURSDAYII 
Dr. Frederick Lenz, authOr of Vlel/mes: True 
Accounts 01 Relncarna/lon. To/al 
Relaxal/on, and To/a/Intimacy will conduCI 
a lour week INTENSIVE seminar In 
MEDITATION. PSYCHIC EXPLORATION 
and SELF-DISCOVERY AI Ihese 
seminars. you wHllearn a variety olthe mosl 
advanced medllation, communtcalion and 
relaxation techniques known. Admission 10 
Ihese seminars Is FREE 10 members of Ihe 
UCSD community. Dr. Lenz's seminars are 
sponsored by Ihe San Diego Medrtation 
Club 01 UCSO. The seminars will be hefd on 
Tuesdays. 4:00 pm al APM rm. 5880; and al 
7:30 pm HL t 148. (1/21 , 1122) 
Wanted: prospective AAG participants. 
Male or female, must be a commuter. Sign 
up now al Time Out . (1/24) 
Commulers unile. Irs l ime 10 show yOUl 
.... Iic prowrese. MG leam sign ups are 

,1OW ill Time Out. /11241 
JAZL EXERCISE AND RHYTHMIC 
16. Please relurn! Thanx 755·3752 (1 / 21) 
Wanled: prospeclive AAG participanls. 
Male or lema Ie. must be a commuler. SIgn 
up now al Time Out. (1/24) 
Commulers unile. It's time to shOw your 
alhletic prowess. AAG learn sign ups are 
now al Time Oul. (1124) 
JAZZ EXERCISE AND RHYTHMIC 
AEROBICS at UTC. For more informal IOn 
call North YWCA 274· 4260. (1 / 22) 

. lel'Vlces 
HOMEWORKERS: Earn $5O.00/hundred 
securing, Sluffing envelopes. Free deta~s , 
reply: Titan, L1 4W, Box 94485, Schaumber, 
III. 60124. (2/1) 
Typisls: IBM exper/lheses/disser/lerm 
papers / ed iting. RUSH iobs! 453-0656. 452· 
1488.286·4936. 225·1449. (6/15) 

WRITE BETTER PAPERS. Send S I for our 
booklel ·T lps on AcademiC Wnting" and our 
descnpllve calalogue 01 Ihousands 01 
collegiale research 10P'CS Bo. 4241 ·SB 
Berkeley. CA94704 (415) 239-6339 (1 / 24) 

Men . Wome"' :JOBS' CRUISESHIPS' 
SAILING EXPEDITIONS' SAILING 
CAMPS. No Experience, Good pay. 
Summer . career . NATIONWIDE 
WORLDWIDEI Send $4.95 for applicallon l 
Inlv / referrals 10 CRUlSEWORLD 205 Box 
60129. Sacramento.Ca 95870 (1 / 30) 
JENNY'S HOME TYPING- Term papers , 
Iheses, dlss. Days and eves. 225· 1449 
(617) 
Dlsserlallon l lhesls

' 
Have your 

dlssertallon / lheSIS pul InlO memory which 
saves lime and $1 Addllions, deletions & 
corrections slmplilled·perleci copy Call 
296·6973 belore 3 pm , ask lor Audrey (2 / 6) 
Typing - lerm papers , Iheses. dlss IBM 
correcllng seleclnc Reasonable Mrs. Olds, 
455 · 1027 (1121) 
Inleresled In working ona community 
service prDiecl? Do you wanllo reach -out 
and help people In need? CIRCLE "K" IS 
working Wllh bind children and helping Ihe 
elderly. CIRCLE ··K" meels on Wed. al 6 pm 
In lhe Revelle Inlormal Lounge! (1/23) 

wanted 
SubjeclS forbra in·wall8 expl in Med School 
$3/ hr 5 hr e.pl. Males lell·handed; females 
lell or right handed. x4266 Debbie 9· 4. 
(1/18,21 ,23,28) 
WANTED: Chaperones and lutors for 
ElKope and Mexico lOurS. Discounls for 
yOUl services. Call 714·540·9477.(2/1) 
Parl · llme position d lslrlbuting local 
newspaper 10 com racks and dealers, 25 
hOurs per week, salary plus commiSSion 
Wed. Hours are 6:00pm·I :00 amolher 
hours are fleXible. Conlacl Diane for 
inlervlewlappolnlmenl 459·4201 . 

WANTED: "de from LaCosta 10 UCSD for 
9AM Tuesdays & Thursdays; relurning • 
leaVing UCSD al 4:30 pm. I expecl 10 pay 
fa irly lor either or both 753·4153 (1/23) 
Carnegie A· 440 Reslaurant has poSitions 
available lor cooks . Appllcanls musl be 
enlhusiasliC and energetic. Organizalional 
talents and the abilRy 10 work meliculously 
are requisile qualities. Applicanls are 
screened carefully No previous Cooking 
experience is necessary. Carnegie A·440 
witt train you. Apply in person 2212 Carmel 
Valley Road, Del Mar. (1/24) 
Responsible. female preferred person 
needed· to help handicapped female 
studeniliving on campus pari lime $3.50 per 
hOur. Hours negotiabte call Camille 455· 
5919 (211) 

The Student !;!ealth Information frogram presents: 
-

AN 'EXPLORA nON OF HEALTH PERSPECTIVES: 
relevant information for better personal health 

in a University setting 

Informal, Mini Lecture/Discussion Series 

Humanities Library Auditorium 7:00 pm 

Monday, Januarl21st: 
Promotive Health & Sel -Responsibility 

Monday, February 4th: 
, Substance Use & Abuse 

Tuesday February 19th: 
Nutrition 

Monday, March 3rd: 
Common Illnesses on Campus 

Guest speakers will IJresent practical information to 
help you begin the steps towards being a healthier 

individual.. . please join us. 

Malh 1 A Need malh book lor Ihis class now. 
Call 453· 4833 leave message tor John. 
(1/21) 
If you have IIckels for Ihe Julliard Quarlet. I 
will buy c all 452·9548 (1/25) 
GUIlar players umle! Looking lor Iolk musIC 
Irom all counl ries and eras. I am 
desperale- Jean 755-7393 (1 /2 1) 

Musicians Inleresled In lormlng a pep band 
10 play for home beskelball games. Contact 
Karen. 452·4211. (I (2 1 ) 

lost and found 
LOST a cord oroy lackel on Wednesday Jan 
t6 Please relurn

' 

Than. 755· 3752 ( 1/ 21) 

housing 
Roommale wanted non· smOker lemale lor 
own room In Playmor condo. $140/ mo. Call 
KJ or Nancy. 453·7841. (1/22) 
Female roommate wanled own room $135 
plus utllllleS available immediately (1125) 
Two female house mates wanted 10 share 3 
bedroom house in Mir. Mesa with 
engineering sludent. $150 monlh plus 1/3 
ulilities. 225-2163, 27 1·6027. Ask lor 
Robert. non·smoking only (2 / 1) 
Roommate wanled. Non smoker own room 
$150 prefer senior or grad 481 · 7425. 
Condo avail. Very close 10 campus·uIIL , 
pool, jaCUZZI. own room for $195 / mo. call 
Pille aher 8 pm 455·9473 (1 / 22) 

for sale 
For Sale: SchWinn Contenential excellent 
condition. 452· 1898. (1/22) 
For sale : commercial pop corm maker and 
merchandlzer - fu51 like lhe ones In Ihe 
movies lheatres. Perfeci lor campus clubS 
& organizations .. $425. Call A·440 otflces at 
454· 7232. (1124) 
FOR SALEI Two Trans AudiO speakers $50 
pair. and one Sansui 221 receiver $50 call 
453·3927 (1/25) 
Malh 2ES book by Strang N_! $t 5 call 
582 · 1637 eves. (1122) 
2 surfbOards fOr cheap Call evenings 273· 
4193 (1/21) 
Scuba gear, like new. USQ Masks & snorkef 
$12, rockel lins S 18. d ive knife $20, 
aquarius regulalor $65. ned be explorer 
vest, dbl bag consl, two ISGm cart., frnt str9 
pockel , crolch slrap, net 30 Ib call 755· 
6557. (1/21) 

Hart Freestyle Sklis 1 70's. Iyrotla 250 
bindings $80. 455· 0778 (1124) 

travel 
AlOE TO BAY AREA Jan 25, 26, or Feb 1,2 
van / truck. Pay gas in exchange for moVing 

. misc. 452· 4355 Belty (1/21 , 23) 

Fascism? 
Confinued from tHlfe 2 
hi. article ".Jewish FlUcill1l." 

The IlUt point that I would 
like to deal with i. Janosik's 
claim of "Zioni.t collaboration 
with the Nazis" in order to 
create the state· of Israel. To 
claim that Jews collaborated 
with the Nazis to deslr()y 
themselves is a desecration to 
the six malion Jews and five 
miJlion other people. who 
perished at the hands of the 
Nazis. Certainly without the 
Holocaust and without .lew. 
hatred the forces that brought 
about Israel may never have 
occured. This i. widely known 
and has been mentioned by 
many Jewish and Israeli 
leaders, but to claim that these 
leaders condoned anti· 
Semitism and collaborated 
with the Nazi. II simply 
fallacious. 

In Nazi Germany a key 
factor in creating and 
channeling hatred of ethnic 
groups was a misrepr~enta. 
tion of .uch groups an the 
German pres. . The new 
indIca lor is following a 
destructive tradition (per hap. 
ignorantly) with their printing 
of the article " Jewish 
Fascism." One would hope 
that in the future Mr. Jano.ik 
and the new indicator 
understand the consequences 
of such libelous, discrimina· 
tory journalism. 

ROBERT MARKOVIC 

Pre-Med, Pre-Dent, 
other pre-health 
professional school 
students: 

Students oilier than third year juniors sMuJd ~ appointmenlS for 
Healrh $ertJices AdtJisDry Com mittee rnteTtJleu'S. co be held {rCJm 

February I 1'22 
fOr more info, at tend one of these u'orkshops: 

Tuesday, January 22, 9"0 am Friday, January 2,. J'4 pm 
Stud.,," Affa irs Con[L'Tence Room, G1recr Plannmg & Placement 

Of' call Rona Subotnik at X3750 

The CASINO internship office is looking for 
two coordinators to run the San Diego 

Metropolitan Internship Program. 
Responsibilities include: 

10 hours per week, m~ting with ~~l 
politicians and other offiCials, supervIsion of 

volunteers and organization of program. 

Good writing and organizational ability 
needed. Knowledge of San Diego area helpful 
but not necessary. Excellent opportunity to 

meet officials, and could lead to paying job or 
internship this summer and next year. 

Sign up for interview at CASINO offices, 
located in the Student Center, or call 

452-4450. Deadline January 25 . 

I 



12 The Daily Gual'dian Mon., Jan. 21, 1980 

from University Events 

One of the year's 10 best 
Plain Dealer, Cleveland. Donna Cherin / Sunday News 
Journal. Wilmingtoo. Del.. Harry Themal/ Jacksonville 
Journal. Mike Clark I The Virginian-Pilot. Norfolk. Va., 
Mal Vincent i Burlington County Times. lou Gaul / 
WEEI·FM. Boslon, Nat Segaloff ! Boston Phoenix. 
Stephen Schiff / WMP8··TV. Baltimore. Lou Robinson! 
Journal ~mtlo, Washimlion. O.C .. John Greenwald ! 

Cr!~at~ve UMf(nq. Ii}': f:ronk Rr{tka / ft Laudp.rdale 
Nnws & Sun S~r ll~nn tovH! :' fldzQna RnpuuHc. . 
** " ')' :,:~(: :'.: >.,(:-: : ' •. : : ';; !. : .~~ ', . . .... : . 'of':' 

. wOman 
IRl4!f"· a.1 COlOl..,lIIKWlllA. 1'1':,- !'lINn.., u,u 

THIS FRIDAYI 
8:00 PM. MANDEVILlI AUDITORIUM 

$1.75 
. UNNERSITY EVENTS BOX OFFICE 

452-4559 

SPRING From $389 

----K PLANS? 
. 1 B4'4111~ 

'. BEACH 
Program lneludel: ----------------, 
• Roun6trlp United Jet Airfare, Including Hot Meai a lewrage ServIce with 

Complimentary Champagne. 
• S Davs • 7 nlghis Hotel Accomodatlonl In WallcIlcI leach. 
• Rower lei GrMflng. 
• Round Trip Transf .. In Honolulu Including Porterage and Baggage Tlpi, 2 per 

,....art 
• AVIS Cor Rental, 1 Full Day, with Unlimited Mileage (gas not Included- 1I011d 

Ilcenle required-minimum driver age-iS ~s). 
• Full Coior ~ Album (one per room) . 
• Pleasant Continental 8reakfaIt. 
• Membership In 'leason' Walldlcl Beach Club. 
• Complimentary PlealCJnt Mal Tal Cocktail at the Three Torchel Bar. 
• SeMceI of Piealant Tour CouNeiors at our ServIce Desks In WallcIlcI to AdvI .. 

and AlII .. you ihroughout your stay. . 

c~--------------------------------_. 
CIEE Student Travel ServIce, located on the MCond tioor of the Studen, Center, 
featuring: 

Rights (lChedule and charter) 
SATA student tilghts 
Rail Po_ (European) 
International Student ID's 
Study and work program. 
Inswanc:e 
Tours (11-35 ~ oIdI) 
IooIcI and a lot more~. 

OPEN JMtf 9-1 , Tu/Th 12-3 
PHONE: 452.()630 
Council on IntemaHanat Educational Exchange 


