
" 

The Daily- Guardian 
Volume 39, Number 9 Univenity of California, San Diego Thursday, January 17, 1980 

Sanctions For Changing 
Students Records Killed 

AS Hears Amphitheater Plans 
By Jenifer Warren 

Staff Writer By Carolyn Friday 
Sacramento Correspondent 

The State Senate Education Committee yesterday 
.defeated by a 7·2 vote a bill which would have guaranteed 
California college students access to their academic records. 

By placing penalties of up to $500 on administrative 
employees for negligently transcribing incorrect information 
onto student records, the bill was attempting to add punch to 
federal and state laws already mandating students access to 
their records. 

An official and complete outline for the 
proposed construction of the campus open.air 
amphitheater was presented aHast night's AS 
Council meeting by President Carlos Montalvo. 

be bothered by noise overflow, and distance 
from the ocean and the potential interference of 
fOil with performance. 

Funding of the project will come strictly from 
non·state sources, such as "gift ftmds, 
donations or grants," granted through a 
campus·wide fund.r;:1·· effort. These same 
funds would be t for payment of 
maintenance, repair custodial costa . 

Sponsored by Senator Bill Green (D·LA) and inspired by 
the case history of a medical student, Don Parka, who flunked 
out of UC Davis Med School, the biD aimed at creating 
sanctiom to be applied specifically to UC . 

The suggested amphitheater, "an outgrowth 
. of student interests and demand for a central 
campus facility" wou"Jd accomodate an 
audience of at Ie~st 5,000 and serve UCSD 
students and community members as a stage 
for various social and cultural events. Open·air 
concerts, lectures, graduation ceremonies and 
drama and dance activities are among events to 
be held in the proposed theatre. 

The committee concerned with the 
amphitheater project hopes that construction 
will proceed throuah three phues, with the first 

viding a fully functional theatre, including ~tial I __ ..J_· and uu __ capilli, water power, a .... 
and a fence for controlled acc:esa. " 

Most of the senatOR on the Senate Education Committee 
did not appear to understand the bill after jt was presented by 
Senator Green. 

Senator Jim Nielsen (R.Napa) and ODie Steraw (R·LA) 
focused on the confusion surrOWMlng the $500 fine and the 
potential court costs, which they felt were stringent and 
ineffective. 

Stemming from a need fOl' a facility that 
holds an audience larger than the Mandeville 
Auditorium's 750·seat limitation, the 
amphitheater should also improve campus 
interaction with the corr::'!r' Montalvo said. 

Locations bei~ con . for construction 

Phase two would install 2,000 "permanent 
outdoor.type seats, a sound shell ~ the 
stage, stage IiPtinI and star. fadities," 
while the final .,hue would add rest rooma, a 
snack bar and a projection booIh to the 

~~ter has 'been ....... "the 
support of the Chancellor, staff and faculty, 
students and many cOi'lU1MlMy members," said 
Montalvo last nilht with opIimiIm. The 
committee working on the amphitheater 
proposal will meet again next week. 

Under the Federal Famiy Educational Rights and Privacy 
Act and the State of California Education Code, UC students 
have a right to see aU of their records, with the exception of 
any confidential letter of recommendation written before 

Please turn 1o paRe 8 

of the theatre inclUde the site on the east side of 
Intentate 5 and the tib: north of the service 
road near Central Library. The Interstate 5 
site was chosen as superior due to a vailability of 
ample parking, seclusion from areas that might 

Top Energy 
Minds Will 
Speak Here 

Three of the world's leading 
experts on energy will present 
a series of six public lectures 
on current and future world 
energy problems during 
January and February, the 
university has announced. 

The three are: Dr. Alvin M. 
Weinberg, director of the 

Pfe.ase turn to page 4 

UCSD is ~soring a Ieries of lectures on the world's eneI'JY 
problems. The teries starts next week with a lecture by Alvin M. 

Weinberg, left, and continues with talks by John M. Deutch, 
center, and Wolf Haefele. 

Mitchell: Del Mar a Roaring Mouse 
This is the last in a series of articles on Bill 

Mitchell, San Diego City Councilman fot this 
district. Here, Mitchell discusses North City West 
and La lolla's Rev. Sharron Stroud. 

!II Kat,hy Huffer 
Managing Editor 

Guardian: What do you think will come of North 
City West? 

Mitchell: I feel Dd Mar just might tum out to be 
the "mouse that roared." I'm banking on that. Other 
than that, though, I would say that the bulldozers are 
going to grind on. 

G: What do you think Del Mar's chances are of 
succeeding in their lawsuit? 

M: I feel they have a good chance. The way the 
courts are, they tend to favor the little guy a lot. It 
does seem reasonable to me that the charges that 
they're making - of course I'm not sure whether I'm 
supposed to talk about it when there's a suit against 
the city, but why should I give a damn? I opposed 
North City West anyway. I just feel that they have a 
darned good argument, in that members on the 
council did take donations from developers, and 
that's exactly who they voted on behalf of. 

My argument on the council was that nobody 
could sal' "Well, I was voting so people could have 
houses.' There wasn't one person standing before 
the.council saying, "Oh please a~rove North City 
West because I need a house." "There wasn't one 
citizen saying we need houses. Not one. There were 
developers "We need profits. We need to 

build houses for profits. " And there are people 
saying, "We don't need all the congestion. We don't 
want that impact on our community." 

And there were me, and a few others, saying we 
aren't even prepared to handle that kind of 
development. We don't have a Highway 56. It's an 
obsolete plan. North City West was. planned ten 
years ago when there was going to be a Highway 56, 
and when there was going to be, possibly, cleaner air. 
Our air is supposed to be at the point of saturation 
right now. And my argument too, was against the 
staff, when the staff says, "Well, the first 10,000 
units won't need a Highway 56. The sewer capacity 
is OK, and we can handle all this." I said, "Yes, for 
North City West. But how about taking a look at the 
overall picture?" We've got Rancho Carmel, we've 
got Sabre Springs, we've got HiJlh Country East, 
which is now called Bernardo Heights. And Miramar 
North, and that new community they're talking about 
that's even bigger than North City West that's going 
to jlo just west of Rancho Bernardo. 

They're' not taking into consideration the 
expansion of Escondido, or the expansion of 
Fallbrook, or the expansion of Oceanside. All that's 
going to expand. We're not lookins at that overall 
and asking, ''What's going to happen to our 
community when all this happens?" 

G: Hasn't your position on North ~ty West been 
that you oppose it as it is now, but that there would, or 
should be some kind of development ~ that area? 

M: Yes. I say that urbanization is inevitable. I'm 

against any urbanization, but I voted for it. I voted for 
urbanization there. Selfishly, I'd say I never want to 
see development in Carmel Valley. I grew up there. I 
was a kid in that valley, riding horses. And I hate to 
see that valley disturbed or destroyed or developed. 
But I realize that's not realistic. When we urbanize, 
we shouldn't do it like North City West. North City 
West is a much more dense urbanization than in 
Rancho Bernardo. Rancho Bernardo is down on 
6,000 acres and that's done on something like 
4,000, in North City West. North City West is so 
much more dense - and that seems to be the name 
of the game, now, to ,make it more dense, so you can 
get more money for your land. You can build more 
houses and make more profit. They're not taking into 
consideration the Impact on the streets, sewers, 
water, the air, and the dumps. 

G: Do you think Dd Mar is approaching the suit in 
the right way? 

M: I don't think they have any other way; they've 
tried everything dse. They tried lobbying, they tried 
threatening, they tried presenting alternate plans, 
sayin§, ''Why don't you do it this way instead of that 
way? I would like to see the North City West plan 
completely redrawn, and put in a plan that is leIS 
dense. 

G: Would that take yean to do? 
M: Oh, to modify it I don't think it would take 

years. I think they could do it in six months. I feel they 
couJd, if they really set their minds to it and said, 

PI.aM 111m to fHJIe .. 



2 

r . 

-aJ.,';'-
.:=.-

".. Daily Guudian 

Nestle's Offenses Symptomatic 
Of Media Exploitation Potential 

., W ....... Wheeler 
LMt WI, the burden of 

apathy (which includea a 
..., COIIKience for ~ beint 
IIwoI.ecI with anythin(J and a 

. ... 01 Nlficacious. ~ acuIe for me. I 
decided to do IOmething 
poeiIive .... joined c.aPlRG. 

My firat .hode wa. 
~ that this much· 

W."... Wheel.r i. a I 
UCSD "'*",ad .... 
pubIici_ 0I'pIUati0n Mel 
....... eiPt PeoPle invaIved 
With it GIl a campus 01 8000 
........ This leemed ironic; 
aI the three 8M Dieto schooIt 
whoee .......... provide funda 
far c.&PIRG (the other two.e 
.. UnMoIity 01 San Die80 
.... San Dietro State). ucst> 
provides the ... _teat amount. 

We quickly decided what 
our lint project would be: To 
inform the UCSD community 
of the misery, diaease and 
death caused by the promotion 
and aaIe of infant fonnulas in 
Third World countries; to 
enli.t memben of this 
community in the on·going 
boycott of Nestle products (the 
larllesl lupplier of infant 
formula to the Third World); 
and to collect signatures on a 
petition calling for the removal 
of all Nestle products from 
campus. 

One aspect 01 political 
protests and movements for 
humanitarian change that has 
always disturbed me is the 
tendency for them to quickly 
lose their focus on a specific 
issue and degenerate into 
broad, over-generalized 
attacks on some facet of 
economic organization (such 
as the capitalist system or 

multinational corporation.). 
Once, while attending a raUy 
at San Diego Cas &: FJectric 
Co. headquarters to protest 
the proposed Sundeserl 
nuclear power plant, a cry 
went up to the effecl of "down 
with corporate control." Even 
ilP10ring ~om:cn.endednea. 01 thia . nt, I was 
atta .... that raDy for what its 
publicized purpose was: to 
protest a particular nuclear 
power plant then bein, 
COI1Iidered f« construction. 
WM annoyed and upIet by this 
bIurrint 01 iaauea. 

HoWever, whie working on 
the Nestle boycott I soon 

Psychiatry 
Is Handmaiden 
To Advertising 

became aware that we faced 
~te the opposite problem. 
The infant formula issue i. 
symptomatic of a much 
broader problem: the use of 
aophisticated marketing and 
advertising techniques to 
promote the sale of often 
unneceuary and occasionally 
downright harmful products. 

But it 'took a more astute 
observer to point to the nature 
of this problem and to 
crystalize it in my mind. In his 
book, The Culture of 
Narcissism, Christopher 
Lasch makes the following 
commentary on "the work of a 
humane and sensible 
psychiatrist," Hilde Bruch: 

"She grasped the social and 
cultural transformation thai 

The Daily- Guardian 

~r1" lea"', Huff .. 
M."'P'I Ed.tor 

HI'.......,·Ho ... 
New. fa .... 
500n GeecI-

.10M ........ 
AIIOCtMe New. E"..d.Ion 

.10M ItIock 
Copy £.I .... 

.10M H. roy .... 
0,....., £doo. 

.... Coot. 
Spon. Edoo .. 

..... w..t-
Sa.nc. r.lJtor 

-~ -~ T~_. 
Alb fdotor 

u..--., .. """'-- "'0..,.. 

The Daily Guardian is published 
Monday thru Friday during the 
regular school year by students at the 
University of California, San Diego. 
Offices are located amidst the trees 
southeast of the Revelle Provost's 
Office. Our mailing address is : 
UCSD, 8-016, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
The Daily Guardian subscribes to the 
Associated Press, the Los Angeles 
Times Synidicate, the Universal Press 
Syndicate and Pacific News Service. 

For news or business information, 
call 452-3466. Classified advertising 
is open from 9 to 3 daily; news and 
display advertising 9 to 5 daily. 

has made science the 
handmaiden of industry-in 
this case, psrchiatry the 
handmaiden 0 advertising, 
which enlists psychiatry in the 
attempt to exploit 'parenta' 
desires to do right by their 
children.' By keeping parents 
in a state of chronic anxiety, 
psychiatry thus frustrates 
desires that advertising can 
then claim to satisfy. 

"It lays the emotional 
foundation for the insistence of 
the adverti . industry that 
the health = safety of the 
yount, the satisfaction of their 
daily nutritional requirements, 
their emotional and intellectual 
development, and their ability 
10 OOmpete their" for 
popWarity and success aU 
depend on consumption of 
vitamins, band-aids, cavity 
preventing toothpalte, 
cereals, mouthwashes and 
Iaxativee. " 

Laschs' comment is 
directed toward the new forms 
of "parenting" in American 
culture. But if this highly 
educated and technologically 
sophisticated society is so 
prone to the psychological 
assault of advertising, isn't it 
reasonable to assume that less 
advantaged Third World 
peoples are at least as 
susceptible to this onslaught? 

Now consider the number of 
people who can hear the sales 
pitch on the radio but can't 
read the strict hygiene 
precautions or recommended 
amounts listed on the label. 
Consider the impact of media 
advertising, with its flash of 
images and symbols, on an 
otherwise illiterate or semi-
literate people in subsistence-
level economics. 

Suddenly it becomes less 
difficult to understand why 
mothers might spend a fourth 
or more of their income on a 
product their own bodies 
produce in ample quantities 
with better quality. 

Surely, using the vast 
resources of an enormous 
multinational corporation such 
as Nestle on parents who 
command the absolute 
opposite extreme of socio· 
economic resources-as 
Lasch say., to exploit their 
desires to do the beet they can 
for their children-goes 
beyond moral reprehensibility. 
It goes to the very heart of 
imperialist exploitation. 

Thur8day, Jan. 17, 1880 

Haitian Refugee. 
Black Boat People 

By Calvin Zon 
The Carter Administration's credibility with black voters 

may be put to the test in this election year over the mounting 
issue of America's "black boat people" - some 8000 
refugees from Haiti who have been languishing for year. in 
poverty and legal limbo in southern florida. 

Their requests for political asylum have been categorically 
rejected by the government, which maintains they are 
economic rather than political refugees. The refugees and 
their supporters counter that there is little distinction between 
economic and ~litical repression in a country such as Haiti, 

Calvin Zon is a reporter for the Washington Star. 

where it is against the law to even complain about economic 
conditions. . 

The Refugee Act of 1979, sponsored by Sen Edward 
Kennedy, is expected to be signed by the President this year. 
The biD would make it possible for refugees from right-wing 
dictatorships to gain asylum in the US. 

However, the law will not alter the present exclusion of 
economic refugees or substantially change the government'. 
policy toward the vast majority of the millions of persons 
seeking entry to the United States from the lbird World. It 
will simply enlarge the scope of the present refugee policy, 
which is to admit only persons from communist countries or 
the Mideast. 

But the fate of the Haitians hal not yet been sealed, and 
their plight could erupt into a major political battle in the 1980 
Presidential campaign. Black American political leader., 
including the influential 1 7 ·member Congresaional Black 
Caucus, have vowed to fight the refugee policy on the 
grounds that it discriminates against non·whites. 

Nearly 600 of the Haitians have been returned to Haiti 
since 1974. US District Court Judge James L. King ordered a 
halt to further deportations last July pending his decision on 
whether the government had violated the refugees' due 
process rights. Attomey. for the refugees hope for a decision 
which will shift the burden of proof on rights violations from 
the Haitians to the government. 

Until enjoined by King, the INS had been readyinLas 
many as 150 asylum applicants per day for deportation. The 
INS has also denied work permits to the Haitians. 

During eiaht days of hearings before King in early 
December, there was dramatic testimony regarding the 
treabnent of refugees returned to Haiti. An ex-member of the 
dreaded T ontons Macoutea (secret police) testified that there 
are standing orders to arrest and imprison such persons. 

Nevertheless, the US government maintains that the 
Haitians are economic rather than political refugees - in 
short, .t they are merely looking for work. 

But, reports Kathleen Newman, senior research assistant 
for the World Watch Institute and an expert on immigration, 
"The Haitians' attomeys made a pretty sophilticated 
argument that the refugees are poor because of the political 
system there. You can become a political refugee in the act of 
beillQ an economic refugee. It's a case of 'voting with your 
feet.r OJ 

The difficulties of the Haitian refugees are part of an overaU 
pattern of discrimination made legal by restrictions in the 
Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965. Government 

. statistics for 1975-76, the last year such figures were kept, 
show that 96 percent of asylum applicants from such right. 
wing governments as Chile, Iran, the Philippinee and South 
Vietnam were denied sanctuary. In contrast, 95 percent of 
the applicants from communist countries (except Y ugollavia) 
were approved. Since 1972 only 58 refugees from Haiti have 
been granted asylum, according to INS statistics. 

An aide to Senator Kennedy said across·the-board asylum 
for the refugees will be made more likely after President 
Carter signs the Refugee Act. Under the pending bill, a 
maximum of 50,000 refugees may be admitted, compared to 
17,400 under the old law. lbislimit could be exceeded if the 
President determines, before the start of the fiscal year and 
after consultation with Congress, that it i. justified by' "special 
humanitarian concern." 

Two amendments in the House-approved version are 
aimed at alleviating the grinding poverty under which many 
refugees live in this country. One amendment would 
authorize HEW to reimburse local governments for such 
social services as resettlement aid and job training. The other 
amendment would authorize the Attomey General to grant 
work permits to refugees whae their asylum applications are 
pending. 

Although immigration reform advocates support the bill as 
a big step in the right direction, they said it is far from a 

~nac~. The government, for example, could .till deny the 
Haitians asylum on the grounds that they lack clear-cut 
credentials as political refugees. 

"I think that'. one of the most difficult questions," said 
Newman. ''Where do you draw the line between p?,litics and 
economics? With a broader definition of 'refugee, there may 
be some hope that the bill will broaden the definition of 
'political refugee.' And by expanding the overall number of 
refugees admitted, there is a chance of taking in more of the 
gray area between political and economic motive •. But the 
INS has reiterated its basic view time and time again: Being 
poor alone doe. nol entitle you to asylum." 

Thuraday, Jan. 17, 1980 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NE·W·S BRIEFS 

Ford 'Chose Profit 
Over Human Life' 

WINAMAC, IND. - Ford Motor Co. "deliberately chose 
profit over human life" in selling its Pinto automobiles while 
knowing that the car's fuel.ystem was unsafe, a prosecuter said 
T ue.day in opening arguments for the automaker'. criminal 
liability trial. 

' . Prosecutor Michael A. Cosentino told a Pulaski Circuit Court ~ury that Ford refused to alter the Pinto luelsystem "lor the sole 
... reason that they would save money by not doing so." 

The Pinto was designed, manufactured and soid on a 
"$2,000, 2,OOO·pound ba.i.-with one thing in mind-profit." 
he said. . 

He said tests by Ford engineers revealed that, for $6 per 
vehicle, Pintos could be equipped with a rubber bladder inside 
the fuel tank that would prevent fuel leakage in rear end 
collisions, but that Ford management rejected that as "too 
costly." 

Opening arguments before the jury of seven men and five 
women came after a day and a half of preliminary legal 
skinnishing. Earlier Tuesday, the prosecution lost an effort to 
present photographs and other evidence about the victims of the 
Pinto crash that triggered the trial, the first criminal prosecution 
of a manufacturer in a product defect. case. 

Chief Ford attomey James F. Neal was to present the 
defense's opening statement after Cosentino. Testimony was 
expected to begin Wednesday, with the trial lasting about two 
months in this farming community of 2,400. 

Ford is charged with three counts of reckless homicide in the 
August 1978 deaths of three teen-age women in a 1973 Pinto 
that exploded when hit from behind by a van traveling 50 mph 
near Goshen, Ind. 

The state contends Ford marketed the car and 1.5 million 
other Pintos and Mercury Bobcats, knowing the fuel tanks were 
likely to explode in rear-end collisions, and then did nothing 
about it. 

The trial in this farming community of 2,400 is expected to 
last two months. 

I '>'Cosentino told the/· ury that in 1971 Ford officials "agreed that 
no fuel system &a e over 20 miles an hour would 'be 
incorporated until the company was lorced to do so by the 
federal government." 

He also said the prosecution would prove that Ford crash tests 
wee conducted with the Pinto fuel tank filled with a non-
Oammable liquid, accounting for the absence of fire in those 
tests. 

Earlier, Judge Harold R. Staffeldt barred the prosecution's 
use of evidence from the crash scene and about the victims. He 
said Ford's admisaion that the victims burned to death made that 
material unnecessary. 

"Ford has sanitized the .tate's case," Cosentino said. "We 
camot show that they died. We can't show what they looked 
before the crash; we can't show what they looked like after. We 
can't prove anything about the victims themselves, and the 
victims are what this case is all about." 

McCartney Nailed On 
Grass Possession 

TOKYO - It was a hard 
day's night for fonner Beatie 
Paul McCartneY'I'ailed after 
airport customs 0 ficers said 
they found nearly half a pound 
of marijuana in hi, IuSlLage. 
McCartney was arrested as he 
and his rock group "Wings" 
arrived yesterday for an 11· 
concert tour. 

Police said the 37.year-old 
ex·Beatie spent the night in the 
Tokyo rnetropo6tan jail. He 

was taken to the Central 
Narcotics Bureau Thursday 
morning for questioning. 
McCartney, freshly shaven 
and appearing cheerful, 
waved to a group of high 
school students. 

Narcotics officials said they 
would question McCartney 
and turn him over to the 
Tokyo district prosecutor's 
office Friday for further 
queationing. 

Vance Sees Olympic 
. Boycott' Decision Soon 

WASHINGTON - Secre-
tary of State Cyru. Vance said 
he expects a decieion on a U.S. 
boycott of the Moscow 
Olympics to be made by mid· 
February if Soviet troops are 
still in Afghanistan. 

Vance's conunents came in 
an interview with The New 
York Time. and were 

confinned Tuesday night by 
State Department officials 
who had seen a transcript of 
lhe interview. 

In the interview, Vance said 
he remembered American 
participation in the 1936 
Olympic. in Nazi Germany 
and felt that had been a 
miatake. 

The Daily Guardian 3 
DOONESBURY by Garry Trudeau 

Waldheim Okay 
As Intennediary 

said would give them 
"freedom to live and work in 
peace and dignity," was sent 
to the Aaaembly floor 
Tuesday. 

The bill, strongly backed by 
Gov. Edmund Brown Jr., has 
little chance of final passager. 
But gay rights advocates 
scored a solid victory in the 
11·5 vote of the Assembly 
Ways and Mean. Committee, 
which killed a similar biD two 
years ago. 

UNITED NATIONS -
ABC News quoted unnamed 
UN sources in New York as 
saying Iran's revolutionary 
Moslem leader, Ayatollah 
Ruhollah Khomeini, would 
accept UN Secretary-General 
Kurt Waldheim 81 an 
intermediary in the US.lran 
crisis. It said Mansour 
Farhang, Iran's chief of 
mission at the United Nations, PSA, GoV't Take 
had received a message from C h L 
the Foreign Ministry stating ras iability 
Waldheim was acceptable. 

The secretary general made SAN DIEGO - The 
a four.day visit to Iran two federal jovernment band 
weeks ago to try and negotiate Pacific Southwest Airline. 
the release of the hostages but agreed in federal cou rear·end 
Khomeini refused to _ him. collisions, and then did nothing 
Gay Rights Bill a'Th~it~ve, similar to one 
Clears Panel PSA made earlier before the 

current series of state court 
SACRAMENTO - A ban suits, mean. that nine federal 

on job discrimination against court damase suits yet to be 
homosexuals, which its author tried in San Diego can proceed 
--------~-----------------

without a liability phase. 

The trials will in.tead 
determine how much, if 
anything, IhouId be paid in 
damage. by the various 
defendants in the cases. 

Cancer Threat 
Cloles 26 Wells 

LOS ANGELES -
Twenty-six well. providing 
drinkin, water to nearly 
400,000 people in .12 
auburban cities have been shut 
down after telts ahawed they 
were contaminated with a 
suspected cancer.cau~ 
chemical, health officials . 
yesterday. 

The source of the 
contamination in the 26 San 
Gabriel Valley wella is a 
mystery that will not be solved 
quickly, said Robert While, 
director of the Loa Angeles 
County Department of Health 
Servicee. 

a.w.,. of the quick fIIIe examlnatJon and contact lens fit. It may be too quick. The best 
eye examination and contact lens fitting Is painstaking. methodical. thorough. and consists 
of numerous tests. A minimum number of 4 visits Is required to achIeVe a proper fit. Our 
office is equipped with the most sophisticated, advanced and computerized Instrumenla· 
tlon In the world In order to achieve the best eye examination and contact lens fitting possl· 
ble. The following Is a description of some of the tests and procedures that are done in our 
office: 
• MEDICAL HISTORY - A camplet, medical and ocular history Is taken by a written 

questionnaire. 
• DIOPTRON-THE EYE COMPUTER - An electronic optical computer that analyzes 

your eyes and prints out a preliminary prescription without the patient making 
any judgment. 

• NON'(x)NTACT TONOMETER - Checks pressure Inside your eye for glaucoma. It uses 
• genlle puff of air requiring no drops. 

• AUTOMATIC TANGENT SCREEN - Automatically checks peripheral vision for abnor· 
mal blind spots which are indicative of many eye and brain diseases. 

• INFRARED FUNDUS PHOTOGRAPHY - A photograPh Is taken of the back of your eye, 
the retina, to check for ocular disease and for baseline data. Infrared light Is 
used, there_fore no drops are needed. 

. . 

• SLIT LAMP BIOMICROSCOPY - A special microscope to cheqk the front part of the 
eye, tear flow. the lit and movement of the contact lenses. 

• ELECTRONIC DIGITAL PACHOMETRY - An optical electronic computer to ascertain If 
enough oxygen Is getting through the contact lens to the cornea. This Is very 
Important particularly with 24·hour extended wear lenses. 

• AUTOMATIC ELECTRONIC LENSMETER - Analysis of your existing glasses elec· 
tronlcally to eKtreme accuracy lor comparison with the Dloptron results. 

• OPHTHALMOSCOPY - A procedure using a hand·held Instrument to check the health 
of your eyes and to compare with the fundus photographs. 

• FIXATION DISPARITY - Indicates how well the two eyes coordinate together and the 
amount of binocular fusion. 

• STEREOPSIS - A measure of depth perception and qual.ity of vision at read· 
Ing distance. 

• COLOR VISION - Checks for normal and the type of abnormal color vl$ion. Eight per· 
cent of all males have some degree of color blindness . 

Dr. D. A. Rorablugh • AsIOCIII.I, 
Optometrlltl 

1939 Grand Avenue. Pacific Beach, CA • 272·221 1 

"'est.reINJ'fIe. II/SA. liSP. MedIC.' Of any VISIOn mWflnce plan welcome 



4 The Daily Guardian Thursday, Jan. 17, 1980 

Mitchell: North City West A Mistake 
Condnaed from".,. I 
"Look, instead of having 6ve dwelling unit. to the 
acre in this area, we'l change that to two-acre 
zonina. And we'l chanse this one over here to one-
IICI'. zanins." 

1M oCher thint I wanted to mention - I don't 
k.,Dw who .... reporter wu up at the Del Mar ca.tIe 
.. the "GambIint NithI" where they were raising 
fundi for the North City Wett IawlUit ••.. 

C: I undentand that we got the name wrong. 
AI: V., a reilly bit wrona, more than you ever 

NIIIized. And it really concerned Rev. Stroud, 
bec:aUle ahe'. in the ReIigioua Science movement, 
.... newer in town than Rev. Terry Cole. In fact she 
ueed to be very good airlfrienda with Terry Cole, until 
Ihe arived in town the NIne place where Terry Cole 
ii, and Terry Cole doesn't like that. So, the thought 
thai went though her mind Wal, "Why didn't they ask 
who.be wu rather than just ... ume .he'. Terry Cole 
Whittaker? And the other thing that embarr8lHCi me 
iI that Terry Cole wu married then. 

h make. me look like I'm running around with a 
married woman. And my si.ter hal been approached 
numerous occasion. lince that article - .he lives in 
La Jolla - aayin(, "Oh, I under.tand r,our brother i. 
going with Terry Cole Whittaker now. ' So, we didn't 
jUit want an ordinary retraction; nobody reads the 
retractioru anyway. And what I was going to sugge.t 
- it'. all up to you - is that you've interviewed me 
now, perhaps you could interview her and maybe 
write an article on her. Becauae I W81 going to take 
out an ad in your UCSD new.paper anyway. I belong 
to the church. And I do date her. And she's my loved 
one 

from Unlvenlty Event. 

Really, she's dynamic. She's an ordained reverend 
and just absolutely dynamic. She's kind of sensitive; 
it kind of hurt her feelings. I'm sure she won't admit 
that, but it did. She gets tired of being mistaken for 
Terry Cole Whittaker - don't tell her I said that -
but she does. She'. blonde and attractive; everybody 
think. she'. Terry Cole Whittaker. She'. been here a 
)'ear, and her congregation has quadrupled or 
quintupled. She'. good, anyway. 

She. an outstandi"8 ~kerj she'. funny, she'. 
witty, she '. intelligent, she • been in the movement for 
13 year.. And it takes seven years to become an 
ordained minister. There'. nothing I hate worse than 
a minister that bulhhits the cl .... I have never seen 
her do that. I've taken 6r.t year Relr· ·ou. Science 
from her now, and not just because like her. It's 

because she's good. And she holds my attention 
constantly in there. And when a student asks a 
question, she gives an answer, and it's backed up 
with facts. She never bullshits the class, and that's 
what I like. If she doesn't know the answer - and 
I've never seen her caught yet that she doesn't - her 
habit would be, "I don't know that but I'll find out," or 
"Let's brainatonn that. Let'. find out how it goes." 

Thi.last Sunday she gave a talk on and I thought it 
was different, because every rear in January, all the 
Religious Science mini.ten aI over the United States 
talk on the same .ubject. They agreed to do thi., and 
that is, "What is science and mind, and how does it 
work?" So she really flowered hers up, and laid, 
"What is science and mind, how does it work, and 
what made Adolf Hitler so damn mean?" 

-------------------------, 

Experts to Lecture on Energy Future 
Continued from pofe I 
Institute for Energy Analysis 
in Oak Ridge, Tennesseej Dr. 
Wolf Haefele, deputy director 
of the International Institute 
for Applied Systems Analysis 
in Laxenburg, Austria, and 
Dr. John M. Deutch, Under 
Secretary of the U.S. 
Department of Energy. 

stamped, self-addressed return 
envelope to the UCSD Energy 
Center, B·OIO, UCSD, La 
Jolla. 92093. 

"World-Wide Energy Use in 
the Year 2030j What Could It 
Be and How Do We Get 
There?" 

All lectures are free and 
open to the public but tickets 
are required. They may be 
obtained by sending a 

... ,. ..... P.Iece 

All lectures will begin at 7 
pm in USB 2722. 

Weinberg will open the 
series on Wednesday, 
January 23, speaking on "The 
Future of Nuclear Energy after 
the Accident at Three-Mile 
Island." Haefele will speak on 
Thursday and Friday, 
Janqary 24 and 25, on 

Weinberg will speak again 
on Monday, February 4, on 
"U.S. Energy Futures." 
Deutch is scheduled to speak 
on Monday, February 18, on 
"The Future of Nuclear 
Energy in the U.S." and on 
Thursday, February 21, on 
"Federal Energy Development 
Policy." 

UCSDhas a 
DENTAL GROUP 

at the 
Student Health Center 

with 
Student Ra.tes 

There. man and beast .. natures metty; 
There • .wand ~andrewreqce. 

And there is the man called ... • EXAMINATIONS 

Roger Corman Presents " DerSIJ Uzala" / Directed by Aklra Kurosawa 
A New World Picture g., (Englieh 1UbtitIM) 

TH'.S FRIDA VI! 

7 & 9:30 pm, USB 2722 
$1.50 

University Events Box Office 
452-4559 

• DENTAL WORK 
• HYGIENISTS 

are available for 
cleaning teeth 

MONDAY thru FRIDAY 
8:0U am to 4:00 pm 

phone: 452-2080 

We can do spouses, too! 

How long has it been since y·ou've 
seen a dentist? 

BECAUSE 
There i. no automatic insurance coverage ... 

You may want to 

"Cover 
Your 
Bod" 

Winter quarter enrollment 
now in progre .. 
deadline: February 3 

All registered atudenb and 
post docs are eJiaible. 

Infonnation and application. are available at 
Student Health Service •. Student premium 
$34.25 per quarter, lpOuae $44, children 

$44. 

Thursday, Jan. 17, 1980 The Daily Guardian 

Easing Misery of Terminal Cancer 
Uni Hospital 
Starts Center 

By Gresr T eon 
The UCSD Medical Center 

is currently developing ita new 
Patient Support Service 
center, designed to enhance 
the quality of life for terminally 
iU cancer patient.. 

Located next to University 
Ho.pital in a renovated 
clapboard house, . the center 
operates a home care service 
for the patients and it hopes to 
open a day center at the 
facility during early February. 

When in full operation, the 
center's administration hopes 
to service some 15 patients at 
a time, taking referrals from 
the hospital. 

The day center, when 
implemented, will be the first 
such operation in a teaching 
hospital in the country. 

According to Marianne 
Chapman, nurse supervisor of 
the patient and family home 
care aspect of the program, 
"the university is so large that 
these advanced cancer 
patients get lost in the system." 
She explained that once these 
terminally ill patients were told 
that nothing could be done for 
them medically, they would be 
sent home and only see their 
physicians once a month. 

Under the home care 
program of the Patient 
Support Service, Chapman 
makes a physical evaluation of 
each patient, monitors the 
Protress of the disease, and 
works to alleviate any pain a 
person may have. Volunteers 
also work to provide aid and 
emotional support for the 

patients and their families 
under this program. 

The secona proBram of the 
Patient Support Service, the 
Day Center Program, has 
never before been tried in an 
academic medical center. By 

means of this program, 
"cancer patients can get out of 
their homes and be with other 
EJeOple," Chapman explains. 
1be Day Center will be run by 
volunteers who will lead and 
participate in recreation and 

other activities. 
1be volunteers are being 

coordinated by Jane Knobler, 
the social worker for the 
Patient Support Service. Her 
duties include .electing, 
training and supervising the 

Above au;. Calajvo and Jane Knobler 01 the Center i. located in an old wooden building, 
UCSD Cancer Center dilCuas • case. The below. 

5 

The Daily Gnal·dian 

Science 
volunteer program. 

The exten.ive training 
provided for the volunteer. 
irrvolve. eight two-and-one-
half hour session., "coverins 
all kinds of topic" which wiD 
help the volunteer in working 
with patients and their 
families. ' Once they have 

. completed the training aellion, 
they are a.ked to make a 
commibnent of three houn a 
week for .ix months," KnobIer 
says. 

. The volunteer. are trained 
to focus on companionship 
and emotional support for the 
patient's family a. weD as for 
the patient himself. 

In selecting volunteers, 
Knobler looks for someone 
who is "accepting of other 
individuals and their beliefs. I 
also look for people who are 
good listeners, people who are 
sensitive, and for a certain 
level of maturity that indicates 
to me that they will be able to 
deal with it - it is not easy 
work!" 

Dr. Nonnan Altman, a .taff 
psychiatri.t at the UCSD 
Medical Center, is the Jne#lical 
director in charge of the 

Pa~nt Support Service. Also 
allilting with the service i. 
Chris Guajardo, who doubles 
as the admini.trative 
assistant and secretary. 

The Home Care Program 
was first opened on Dec. 1, 
and when the Volunteer and 
Day Center programs are 
initiated on Feb. 1, the Patient 
Support Service is hoped to 
accomodate up to 15 
terminally ill cancer patients. 

TODAY THRU THURSDAY 
IN ONLY 60 MINUTES, 

INCREASE YOUR 
MEMORY POWERS BY 100%. 

FREE 
INTRODUCTORY LESSON 

COME TO A FREE INTRODUCTORY SIXTY MINUT~ MEMORY POWERS 
LESSON. LEARN HOW TO DRMATICALLY IMPROVE YOUR GRADES AND 

SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCE YOUR STUDY TIME 
BY IMPROVING YOUR MEMORY POWERS. 

UC SAN DIEGO-REVELLE COLLEGE 
Thursday 

108m, APM 2301 
5:45 pm, USB 3070 

Thll II _ Independent program of Memory .... t ... Inc., and not an ecademlc 
offering o. UCIO. 



• The Daily Guardian Thunday. Jan. 17. 1980 

Family Units of Future Shown· on Tv. Now? 
By Frank Viviano 

PacifIC News Service 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Lou Gran', Love Boot, and Three '.I 
CCJmI)anll don', treat lamilies as we usually understand them. 
But the traditional lamilll i. disappearing, according to 

t9 
aociolo,ist., and teleui.ion could bedelinin, a new ba.ic social ,'\ 
unit. PNS editor and media critic Frank Viviano writes that ~ ~ 'I" 
te'-ision i. more titan a mirror; it's actually part 01 the social ~ .... 
labric, cornbininf with other • _t. 4D j --""" 
dailll e~iencea to influence ~ 
the WCIII we plan our liue.. The DaiJy Guardian .. ~ "\ 

The American family is (~ I 
changing - radleally, ~ lv' 

experiences to influence OU{ 
behavior. 

A case in point: The 
children of the post-war baby 
boom were history's first great 
television watchers. In a sense, 
the medium was born with 
them and grew with them. On 
the fact of it, TV fed these 
youngsters a steady diet of 
stern, no-nonsense heroes and 
slapstick clowns whose antics 
had nothing to do with serious 
social i .. ues, much Ie.. with 
the mauive generational 
revolt of the Sixties. 

....... _dy. ·· ~.~ And • major contributor to AR T S { IJ 
thoee chant- is found in • 0 I 
virtually every American Or did it? In fact, a closer 
household. Television has been intimately concerned with the look at the schedule between 
health and nature of the family for more than 30 years, affecting 1959 and 1965, when the bay 
the way we perceive nonnal peraonal relation.rup., and how we boom wal in ill mOlt 
view our lives. It's not simply entertainment, but a buic part of impres.ionable years, tum I up 
our common expaience, an influential element in our plana for evidence of the very forces 
the fulure. ~hich fueled Sixties protest. 

"'J'eIeYiaon picks up IOI'ne thinca that are on the edge of On Ben Casey, Dr. Kildare, 
tomarrow," auerta producer Nonnan Lear. East-Side, Wes t· Side, and ~J"!ioioetime fiction aebaaUy anticipate the future of real ' individual .how is dev American social relations. The Defenders young ideaU.tl 
'.My 1iIe? What could auc:h bizarre tiving arrangement. as the - why, for example, Lear's Robert Rosen, director of were launching weekly 
......... "marriaaea" of Love Boat and Fanta.Il l.lancI, the Archie Bunker generated a the National Academy of a .. aults on their inflexible 
......... a boil of n,.', Compafljl, or the chaotic swinging of ho.t of imitatorl in the years Televiaion Arts and Sciencel professional eltablishments. S. PouibIy have to do with reality? foUowing his Nielsen triumphs. Archive at UCLA, believes we 

For jaded viewers who believe that the medium is obsessed But it's quite another thing to may have to change the way Television comediel like 
with II. inane and the irrelevant, the amwer may be "nothing," explain why the public W81 we think about the medium to The Many Loves of Dobie 
RepetiIion, endIeurepetilion, is what the boob tube's all about. II willing to support so many answer these questions. Gillis, Car 54, Where Are 
a concept works, copy it. programs baaed on the Lear "Televi.ion illl't just a mirror, You?, and McHale's Navy 

But that's precisely the point. Television progranvning does fonnula of comedy, controver- reflecting what's already featured casts of unruly 
run IhrouP patterns and cyclea: detective thriIIel'l in the early sy and conflict in the family. happening in the popular saboteurs undermining IUch 
F ..... , w ...... (51 of them) at the decade's end; espionage in Or, more importantly, what mind,"he says. "It's actuallr, hallowed institutions 81 the 
the mid·Sixties; and brutal Police aeries in the Seventies, to name imp act t hat vie win g part of the locial fabric,' schools, the police and the 
.iuIt.,!a!few!!!. !1t!'s!Gne!!!!!thing· !!!!to .. !!y!tha!!t!a!!C)'!d!!e!~!xpIa!.!au!·n!s!w!h!y!an!!!!!ex!p!e!r!ie!n!c!e!!h!a!s!!!h!adi!o~nlicoimiibi'i~ with other daily -...:milit:=:· :::' ar~y:.... _- _- _ ____ _ 

LA }()LLA SlJRF & SP()RT 
Fecuuring: 

O'Neill fI Rip Curl wetNits, 
Quiksilwr, O.P., Offshore, Stubbia, & Pua sportswear, plus 

Surfboards, Wax, Leashes, Fins, T-SMu-
Women's and Boys' wear, too!!! 

r------2--;:-~i------ff-----------------l :~ ~ 10 0 all wet suits ~: 
: \t 3 DAYS ONLY ~O 0: I A I 
I - 'P I I Z January 17, 18, IC)th I 
: .. with this coupon only " I 

.-------------------------------~ _____ I 715 Pearl Street, La Jolla ' 459-'432 

womancare 

.... ~a feminist 
women', 

·health center 

- Self-help 
- Well wOmQn 
- Pregnancy 

screening 
- abortion 

up to 16 weeki 
- birth control 
- childbirth 

WHO ME ... 
THE STUDENT REGENT? 

Applications are now available for the position of Student Regent. 
The position is open to aU currently enrolled UC students who will 

attend a UC campus next year. 

A time commitment and expertise in systemwide issues affecting students are important 
qualifications, but not absolute necessities. 

Nominating Commission applications are also available. 

One graduate and one undergraduate from each campus wiD be selected to be 
a part of this Commission that will decide the Student Regent semi.finalists. 

APPLICA nONS AND INFORMA nON ARE AVAILABLE AT 
; 3616 4th Avenue 

Ian Diego. CA 
92103 THE ASSOCIATED SnJDENTS OFFICE (452-4450). THE DEADUNE FOR 1 S11JDENT REGENT IS JANUARY 23, 1980; FOR NOMINATING COMMISSION I 

FRIDAY, JANUARY 18, 1980. or call: 291-9352 

, , 

ThUl'llday. lan. 17, 1980 The Dally Guardian 
, 

Classifieds . , 
announcements 
Want some experience? Work wHh the 
State Legislature; Lobby Annex 
position open. Call ASx4450 . 
L.Sago.(1/18) 
Raquetball organization meeting this 
Thur~ay at 4:00 in Rec. COnI. Rm. 
Members 01 the UCSD RB Club play 
racquetball ellery Thursday ellening 
at Black Mt. Racquetball Club. For info. 
call 453·7555.(1 / 17) 
The 1980-81 SCURI Director will halle 
been a Staff Assistant. Apply now. 
452-3917. (1/18) 
SCURI WANTS YOU! Apply for a Staff 
Assistant posH ion todayl (1/18) 
Ticking away the moments that make 
up 8 dull day . . . liven It up on Sat 19th -
8:30 at the Warren Apts Block Party. 
live B and live fun ... Raffle and prizes. 
(1/18) 
A PRE -ORGASMIC WOMEN'S 
GROUP WILL MEET FOR 10 
SESSIONS BEGINNING January 
23rd. All women interested in learning 
about female sexual response and 
indillidual orgasmic potential in a 
small group setting are encouraged to 
call: ext. 2669 (ask for Sharon), ext. 
3755 (ask for Rhoda). This group will 
be led by Rhoda Olkin (COunseling & 
Psychological Serllices) and Sharon 
Kealing (Student HeaHh center). 
(1/18) 
Musicians cheerleaders needed for 
student film and performance. 
Lotsatun. Lealie message tor Leo 
481 -9889. (1 / 18) 
SCURI does a lot more than just 
passout grant money. Become a Staff 
Assistant and tind oull (1/18) 
Wanted: prospective AAG partici -
pants. Male or female, must be a 
commuter. Sign up now at Time Out. 
(t/24) 

Commuters unHe. It 's time to show 
your altleletic prowress. AAG team 
sign ups are now at TIme Out. (1/24) 

Irs comil'lg!l SpirH night t 980. Bigger 
and better tha n ewr. Be there on 
January 26 In the Main Gym. 
(1/17,20) 

personals 
Will Warren win back the spirit trophy 
from Muir? Only you will know - if you ~ 
come to spirit night 1/ 26! n 117) 
LARRY B. CONDITIONS IN THE 
REVELLE CAFF. ARE TERRIBLE. 
DOES MR. BELLUCHI HAVE TO VISIT 
AGAIN? (1 / 18) 
Work with the state Legislature -Lobby 
Annex job open. Contact Associated 
Students x4450. linda Saba. (1 / 18) 
Commuters, It 's AAG lime again! Feb. 
2nd sign ups are being taken at the 
community center. (1/24) 
Adam & Jim - LeI's party! Warren 
Apts., Saturday 19th. See you at 
8:30 ... just might pull the right ticket. 
"z" (1/ 17) 
Bozo. I know it's getting dull. but I 
couldn 't resist saying Hi!! Tootsieple. 
(1 / 17) .. 
for sale 
TI-59 Top Cond. $149 Call 455-1896 
Francis. (1/17) . 
For Sale : Schwinn Contenential 
excellent condition. 452-1898. (1 / 22) 
1979 CAPRI V-6, air, am / fm/cas, 
custom paint and wheels. 37,000 
miles. Excellent condition. $3,500 or 
best. 481 -5009. (1 /17) 
HART FREESTYLE SKitS, 170 Tyrolia 
bindings. $80 JVC Portable stereo 
cassette. $175. 455-0778. (1/17) 
For sale: commerCial pop corn maker 
and rnerchandizer - just like the ones 
in the mollie theatres. Pertect for 
campus clubs & organizations ... $425. 
Call A-440 offk:es at 454-72~2 . (1 /24) 
houling 
Roommate wanted. Own room Solana 
Beach. $155/mo. Call 755-4699. 
(1/17) 
Roommate wanted non-smoker 
temale for own room in Playmor 
condo. SI40/ mo. Call KJ or Nancy. 
453-7841 . (1122) 

Need a place to stay? We halle a 
house in Del Mar - fireplace, patiO. 
near beach! Sue 452-3362 or 755-

~662 (1/18) 
Own room in Cardiff duplex.Fire-
place/ yard / gar. comm pool share 
with 3 in4Bd.21 / 2Bh. 137/ mo.& 1/ 4 
util. Dep. & last mo. rent. 279-0122 or 
436-6088.( 1.18) 
wanted 
Carneg ie A-440 Restaurant has 
pOSit i ons available for cook s. 
Applicdnts must be enthusiastic and 
energtic. Organizational talents and 
the ability to work meticulously are 
requ isite qualities. Applicants are 
screened carefully. No prellious 
cooking experience is necessary. 
Carnegie A·440 will tra in you. Apply in 
person 2212 Carmel Valley Road, Del 
Mar. (1 / 24) 
Musicians interes ted In forming a pep 
band to play for home basketball 
games. Contacl Karen. 452-4211 . 
( l / t 7,20) 
Wanted: Lobby Annex Director-trallel-
experience·work with Cal . State 
Legislature. Call x4450 A.S. % L Saba. 
(1/18) 
Subjects tor brain-walle expt In Med 
School. $3/hr 5 hr expt. Males left-
handed; lemales left or right handed. I 
x4266 Debbie 9·4. (1 / 18,21 .23,28) 
Male subjects wanted for 8-hour study 
of daydreaming activity. Weekdays 
only. Earn $60. Call 452-4750. (1/ t 7) 
I will pay your train fare to LA this Fri. , 
return SUn. if you will babysit my 7yr 
old on the ride . 481-7228 . 
(1/17,30,31) 
WANTED: Chaperones and tutors lor 
Europe and Mexico lours. Discounts 
for your services. Call 714-540-

~77.(2/1) 
Part-time position distributing local 
newspaper to coin racks and dealers, 
25 hours per week, selary plus 
commission Wed. Hours are 6:00pm-
1:00 am.other hours are flexible. 
Contact Diane lor interview/appoint-
ment 459-4201 . 

Roommate wanted-need clean. resp Need small relrigerator for dorm. 2 - 5 
student 10 share Mira Mesa condo. cu. ft. Call Jeff or Henry at 455-7498 
Own BR, bath, EXTRAS, $ISS. 578- _ any time. (1118) 
3278. (1/17) -

·FRlll· THE CAT 

~---------Rmedx----~--~ 

sponsored by the Model United Nations 

WANTED: ride tram LaCosta to UCSD 
for 9AM Tuesdays & Thursdays; 
returning - lealling UCSD at 4:30 pm. I 
expect to pay fairly for either or bath. 
753-41 ~ (1 / 23) 
services 
WRITE BETTER PAPERS. Send $1 lor 
our booklet "Tips on Academic 
Wriling" and our descriptive catslogue 
of thousands of collegiate research 
topics . Box 4241 -SB Berkeley. CA 
94704 (4 t 5) 239-6339. (1 /24~ 
Term paper blues? Will type and edit 
English, Scientitic, all theses and 
dissertations. Sue: 729-9543.Garls-
bad. (1 / 18) 
HOMEWORKERS: Esrn S50.oo/hun- 1 
dred securing, stuffing envelopes. 
Free details, reply: THan, L 14W, Box 
94485. Schaumber, HI. 60124. (211) 
Typists: IBM exper Itheses/disser / 
term papers/editing. RUSH jobs1453-
0656. 452-1488,286-4936, 225-1449. 

· (6/15) 
Men, Women:JOBSI CRUISESHIPSI 
SAILING EXPEDJTlONSI SAILING 
CAMPS.No Experience, Good pay. 
Summer, career. NATIONWIDE. 
WORLDWIDE! Send $4.95 for 
apptication Ii nfo Irelerra l s to 
CRUISEWORLD 205 Box 60129, 
Sacramento,Ca 95870.(1/30) 
JENNY's HOME TYPING - Term 
papers, theses, diss. Days and elleS, 
225-1449 (6/7) 
Dissertation/thesis! Halle your 
dissertationlthesis put Into memory 
which saws time and S! Add~lons. 
deletions & corrections simpl~ied­
perfect copy. Call 296-6973 before 3 
pm. ask tor Audrey. (2/6) 
Typing - term papers, theses. diss. 
IBM correcting selectric. Reasonable 
Mrs. Olds, 455-1027. (1120) 
Fast accurate typing reasonable rates 
Call Shirley Franks 272·8889 between 
7:00 am and 1:00 pm (1/18) 

10lt and found 
Rewind: Lost sillier chain bracelet lasl 
week. sentimental IISlue 455-9679 
Wendy. (1/18) 

7 

LOST: BI ue Security Pacific 
Checkbook on Thursday ot last week 
111 0/80. If found pleasea cali Glis 
Melton at 452-7093. (1/18) 
Lost contact lens case containing 1 
lens boiler a pair at glasses contact 
Ray 453-!~:1 neat! my eyesl 
GOLD BRACELET FOUND ON 
REVELLE PATHWAY Phone John at 
488-5549 to claim. (1119) 
H:LP!Lost TueS. in USB 3010 a book 
"Philosophers' Stone." " tound please 
return CUL or I'll have to pay' (1/18) 
LOST -beige jacket with hood missing 
since Thurs. If tound please call Usa 
Benaron 488-3808. (1/17) 

Anti-busing 
Bill Gains 
In Assembly 

SACRAMENTo - Anti· 
buaing forces, riding the aeat 
of an overwhelming victory at 
the polls, won Auembly 
committee approval_ yeater-
day for a biD that would make 
aesregation harder to prove in 
court. 

Despite an opponent's 
warning' that the biD was 
"blatantly unconstibational," 
the Allembly Judiciary 
Committee sent S8 2144 by 
Sen. Alan Robbins, D-Van 
Nuya, to the Auembly Boor 
on an 8-1 vote. 

A Robbins aide said the 
measure is scheduled for an 
Assembly Roor vote Jan. 31. 
Il it paIIeI, iI wiD 110 to Gov. 
Edmund Brown Jr., who has 
said he opposes croa·town 
busing but has not yet t.d to 
take a public position on the 
legal illues related to 
desegregation. 

OPENING CELEBRAlioN 
TMu~OfW ANO FR'DAY 

F«om3- 5 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

JANUARY llf II 

OASIS 
THE THIRD PLnCf · 

lOX. loWe~ L~vEL 
T~IRD COLLEGE 

DIN\NG CO/WlrwlONS 

••••• • ••• •• •• •• • • • • ••• •• ••• 

AFTef( JAASOAR'I I~" 
THe OASIS THI~ ~ 
"UlL. ee: o~ lO .... q 

~., T...,&ff ft1D11 



8~ ______________________________________ ~~ __ ~_T_h_e __ D_a_il_y __ G_u_a_rd __ ia_n __ ~ __________ ~ _____________ Th __ ur __ 8_d_a~y_, _J_a_n_. _l_7~, _1_98 __ 0 

No 'Teeth' For Student 
Access to Records 
Cotttinued /rom pale 1 

New Tenured Faculty May Not 
Save ComDlunications PrograDl 

By Taylor Dark increases in the last two years in the number of 
1975, any confidential letter of recommendation written after 
1975 for which the student signed a waiver and the 
confidential information pertaining to his/her parent's 
financial aid statement. 

Despite the proposed addition of at least two, Communications majors. 
and possibly as many as four, new senior By placing senior faculty members in 
tenured faculty for the Communications Communications program posts it is hoped that 
program, Director Michael Cole still feels the they will be able to "throw themselves into 
dismantling of the program is a possibi~ty to be communications" to a greater degree than is 
"taken very seriously." possible for instructors still trying to realize their According to Bob franks, the campus FEBP coordinator 

for UC Davis, leu than ax complaints came up last year from 
students who felt their rights to see or correct their records 
were IOI1letirnes violated. 

Cole sent a memo early last Nov. to Vice tenure requirements , Cole said. 

When Parks tried to establish why he had been dismissed 
from medical school, he sought to examine his record. It was 
then he discovered hi. records were scattered throughout 
countleu departments in the school, and unless he asked 
IpecificaDy for each individual document, he was not 
voluntarily given aD his records by the university. 

Chancellor of Academic Affairs Paul Saltman 
requesting the elimination of the program if it 
did not receive more faculty members. "I would 
rather see the program discontinued than to 
have it second rate," Cole said at that time. 

So far , the only change that has occurred is 
that a post in the Psychology Department will 
be reserved for a Communications program 
faculty member, preferably one with tenure, 
and that departing Mike Real, a 
Communications Assistant Professor, will be 
replaced with a tenured instructor. 

He also w.covered falaified documents, which proported to 
be minutea of the promotion committee regareing hi. stalus, 
which ..... ysteriousIy" Ifew by several line. between Aug. 
1976 ... Oct. 1978. 

n.e SIudent Lobby did not support the unJUcceaafui 

::.. 

......... 1 NCOIda biI becaUie it believes the le&itlature ahouId 
he .... aft. all internal rnec:haniams when options 

• .... . . have been exhausted. 

The program is in need of more faculty, 
according to Cole, because of the 55 to 1 
ltudent to faculty ratio, compared to the 
average 01 19 to 1 for other UCSD 
departments, and because of the large 

• OIIIHE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 22. 
Think of a ship as a corpora-
tion, and it's not farfetched at 
all. A destroyer may have 
fifteen officers, other ships 
even fewer. Even the most 
junior officer gets to share in 
running the show. 

You become part of the 
management team when you 
get your commission as an 
ensign after just 16 weeks of 
leadership training at Officer 
Candidate School. 

Clioose to be a Navy officer 
and you are responsible for 
people and equipment almost 
immediately. 

Many officers go on for 
further advanced schooling. 
The Navy has literally dozens 
of fields for its officers -

everything from nuclear pro-
pulsion to systems analysis, 
oceanography to inventory 
management. In graduate 
school, this training would 
cost you thousands, but in 
the Navy, we pay you. 

Ask your Navy representa-
tive about offiter opportuni-
ties, or mail this coupon for 
more information. Or call 
toll-free 800·841·8000 (in GA 
call toll-free 800-342-5855). 
There's no obligation, and 
you'lIleam about an excellent 
way to start a career in 
management. As a college 
graduate you can get manage-
ment experience in any indus-
try. But you'll get it sooner -
and more of it - in the Navy. 

rNA~OPPORT~~TY --;;~l 
INFORMATION CENTER 
P.O. Box 2000 
Pelham Manor, New York 10803 
o Yes, I'm interested in becoming 

a Navy Officer. Please send me I 
more infonnation. (S1)G ) 

Name I 
fiRST (PlEASE PRINT) LAST 

Addre .. _ _ _________ _ 

Clty' _____ State _ _ Zip_ 

Ago_ tCollege/Univ ... ity· ___ _ 

~Gradu.tlon Oate __ OG rado Polnt_ 

Ll MoJor/ Minor ___________ _ 

Phone Number ____ ____ ~ __ 
IAAEAC()I)() CNI / BO 

The M .... We Know. The Mo .. We c... Help. 
The Priv,""y Act under TiUe 10. SecUon 1i03 , 
1105. and 510 .uteo thot you do not have to 
an .... r the peroonal q UHtion. we have •• ked . 
However, t he more we know. t.he more 
accurately we ean ~ne your qu.lllie.· 
lion. lor our N.vy Oflleer Program. 

The addition of more senior faculty could 
form the basis of a long term solution, if it 
works. But if it doesn't we're sunk," said Cole. 

"If you were to ask me if there's going to 
continue to be a Communications program, mr 
answer would have to be that I don't know.' 

Cole says that a persistent problem is the 
"impression that we're a second rate program." 
Cole asserts that anr problems at this point are 
a result of a lack 0 the needed resources. 

Of greater importance, though, to both Cole 
and to Vice Chancellor Saltman is the lack of 
money now available to fund programs and 
departments, and the poaaibility of drastic cuts 
ahouId the Jarvis II initiative to lower income 
taxes pus in the June election. 

Drop in for a free 
personalized styling 

consultation. 

454-3038 

The Country Deli 
luyoneOfour 

deflclouo dell ~'* OIICI _ anoItIef 
01 equal or ..... value r------ IIH oI'-f 2 pm willi • __ , 

, 11111 coupon atllle , 
: CounIIy : 
:., : 
: 1...-0'__ : 
, --- ' , , , , 
, , 
, 

The Chelsea 
Book Co., Inc. 

Cable St. 
1929 Beach 
Ocea" 00 1 222.7 

Specia/imtll in 
o metaphysics 
o holistic health 
o children's books 
o cotton clothes 
o children's clothes 


