
Volume 40, Number 45 Univenity of California, San Diego Monday, June 2, 1980 

AS Relents: Will 
Fund KSDT Radio 
$7,500 Allotted to Station 
KSDT Task Force Organized 

BY JENIFER WARREN 

It looks like campus radio 
station KSDT will keep its 
doors open this summer. 

The AS Council earmarked 
$ 7,500 for the station 
Saturday after a two hour 
executive session from which 
KSDT staff and the press were 
excluded. 

added. 
KSDT staff members were 

generally pleased with the AS 
decision, although the 
council's behind-dosed-doon 
policy irritated station 
supporters who waited nearly 
four hours to make their 
statement. 

A Third college team of four .tudents 
defeated faculty champion Warren Uld 
atudents from Revelle to win UCSD'. College 
Bowl Friday nisht. The four, (&om I. to r.), 
captain Jeff Beresford-Howe, Eric Jaye, 
Zephyr Goldamith and Jane T oggenburger, 
beat Warren 255 to 185 and then whipped 
Revelle 235 to 115 in the final. of the general 

knowledtre quiz ~. 
The Third .tudents came together after Ul 

abaenae &om competition of h!o _ year.. In 
1978, the team represented UCSD in a 
regional. competition in San Frmciaco, 
fmi.hing third in the Far West. The Warren 
faculty defeated the Muir faculty 250 to 145 to 
take third place. 

Given a full operating 
budget by the AS in past 
years, KSDT was denied AS 
funding in the executive 
budget proposed at last 
Wednesday's council meeting. 
KSDT supporters have been 
lobbying furiously since then, 
trying to gain support for the 
alation. 

"Bill (Topkis, AS vice 
president) invited us up here 
last Wednesday to discuss a 
budget. Going behind clo.ed 
doors was a waste of our 
time," Program Director Dave 
Revel said. But, "it was 
definitely worth the hassle," 
added Revel. ''The bi~t 
hurdle has been cleared. With 
the $7,500 we can stay alive 
and hire a business manager 
for six months." 

Pranksters 
Splinter 
Auto Panes 

"Huddled Masses" 
Show Gratitude 

.AS Preside',lt Jeremy 
Charlton, who has questioned 
KSDT's "viability as an 
organization" since he took 
office, explained that "the 
$7,500 is set aside for KSDT 
right now, but we'll organize a 
task force, made up of equal 
members from the station and 
the AS, to lay down certain 
conditions that KSDT must 
meet to ensure future 
funding." 

Revel hopes a business 
manager will attract 
advertising, increase clientele, 
stabilize the station financially 
and propel KSDT towards 
self .sufficiency. 

"We're setting down 
stipulations and goals we want 
to meet and we're actually 
glad the AS has done the 
same," continued Revel, 
noting that "in the past, the AS 
has blindly given away 
money, without getting 
guarantees from those they 
fund. We expected an 
outcome such as this," he said. 

Several car windows were 
shatlcred last Friday night 
along the portion of North 
Torrey Pines Road that passes 
the Muir College apartments 
and Tioga Hall. ' 

The reports have no 
indication of burglary ' 
attempts," said Officer Mike 
McCoy. "As far as we know, i~ 
was juat malicious mischief," 
he said, adding that University 
Police has "no idea what was 
used to break the windows." 

Seventeen window smash· 
ings aIol!B the 9100 block of 
North T orr~y Pines were 
reported to University Police 
and the San Diego Police 
Department on May 17, at 
around 1 am, McCoy said. 

"At this time, we see no 
pattern in the smashings," said 
McCoy, noting that he 
"believes the detective diviaion 
may be researching pouible 
connections between the 
incidences. 

FORT CHAFFEE, Ark 
(AP) - Rioting broke out at 
the Fort Chaffee refugee 
relocation center yesterday , 
evening as about 200 Cubans 
pelted police and soldiers with 
rocks after bursting out the 
front gate. About a dozen law 
enforcement officers, five 
civilians, and four refugees 
were reported hurt in the riot, 
authorities said. 

The refugees retreated back 
into the sprawling Anny 
reserve base after state 
troopers fired about 20 shots 
from pistols and handguns. 

Three refugees were 
admitted to St. Edward 
Medical Center near the bue 
with gunshot wounds, 
according to hospital 
spokesman Jim Hannah. A 
fourth refugee was admitted 
with a stab wound. five 
civilians were being treated in 
the emergency room after 
being hit by rock., according 
to Hannah. 
, Federal police and soldiers 
from Fort Still; OK used tear 
gas and Clubs in an attempt to 
subdue the refugees once they 

DON'T FORGET ... 

Ehe California pri~mry Election is tomorrow, June 3 see endorsements on page twc 
:: SO VOTE, FOLKS! 
II, -

. 

were back inside. 
About 10 minutes after the 

refugees retreated inside, they 
piled small wooden guard· 
houses and barricade 
sawhorses in a Chaffee street 
and set them ablaze. There 
also was a report of of fires in 
some of the bcll'racks. A base 
fire truck was called out. 

The major condition is 
expected to be that KSDT 
eventually become self· 
sufficient financially, Charlton 
indicated. The station wiD be 
"re-evaluated after six months 
or so and then funded 
according to the conditions 

have been met" he 
Camous·oriented public 

Please tum to page 11 

V Qluntary Integration: 
'It's Not Working' 

BY JOHN HONDROS 
A..cide New. E.ditor 

The San Diego City School District claims 
its integration program is working. 

Cynthia Lawrence· Wallace, professor at 
the UCSD Teachers Education Program, 
says it iIn't. 

"I think the San Diego City Schools are 
doi.!tg a very good job convincing the public: 
they have some very good lawyers, and they 
have a very well paid advertising team doing 
this campaign with the slogan, 'It's Working.' 
And the parents believe it's happening," 
Wallace says. 

Wallace, who was a monitor for San Diego 
Police Chief DiU KoIIender's task force for 
integration last year, says UCSD became 
involved in the integration program ' in city 
schools to study how education can be 
improved, especially for children of color. 

"We were hoping to have Emerson (an 
elementary school), which is a magnet school, 
as a model school for the University of 
California. We wanted to provide a program 
to show that maybe there's another way for 
children to be educated, a more positive way, 
and use that for a model acros the country . 

"However, we got into a lot of trouble with 
San Diego City Schools because we made a 
lot of demands. We thought th principal (at 
Emerson) should speak to same language as 
the children and parents - 50 percent of the 
children at Emerson are Spanish. peaking." 

As a result, Wallac wa not invi~ed back 
this year to monitor for the task force , but TEP 
students hav c ntinued th ir rol as student 

Cynthia Lawrence-Wallace 

teachers in the magnet schools. 
While WaUace was a monitor, she pent 

most of her time in classrooms at Paci6 
Beach Junior High, where over 3 0 Spanish. 
speaking children are bu ed in each day. 
Wallace did not like what h saw. "They're 
not providing any kind of program for the 
children being bu ed in ... the kids don't 
socializ at all, the c1as es ar separated and 
th re is very little mixtur on the playground 
and in the lunchroom." ~ 

And thing are not mu h better in southeast 
Plea lum 10 P<l 5 



The Daily Guardian 
Recommends: 

v .. : B,C,D 
No: A 

City Propositions 

State Propositions 
Y.: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, II 
No: 9. 10 

The Doily Cuardian ia recommending "No" votes on only 
three of the propositions facing students when they go to the 
polla tomonow. The three aU seek to limit the flexibility and 

~l.: government so that a small gr9'fP of interested 
capi . can benefit. AU three would hit hardest the Third 
World peoples, the poor, seruor citizens, students and urban 
residents, and are the result of an underlying conviction that 
10.:-vrvnent that governs without the interests of the 
. antaged is best. 
The three·are City Proposition A and State Propositiona 9 

and 10. 
City Propo.ition A would require San Diego to make police 

lpending its number one priority. It ia a aleaze approved by a 
city council anxious to demonatrate in an election year that 
they care about law and order. It would, however, freeze the 
city into making law enforcement more important than any 
number of social lervice. that could, as the city inevitably 
expancla, become more important to its citizens. The 
Porpoaition il a110 being used to avoid Proposition B, an 
intelligently written propoaal which would require binding 
arbitration for police if no suitable contract between ~Iice 
union officials and the city can be agreed upon. 'B" is 
endorsed by police officers, and we think it is an intelligent 
way to avoid the debilitating public worker strikes that have 
harmed other cities in the country. 

Propo.ition 10 ia sponsored by landlords anxious to 
eliminate local rent control ordinances. The biU would 
establish certain restrictions on rentors, then abolish all local 
rent control ordinances, taking away from people in a 
conununity the right to govern their own housing market. It is 
labeled a "rent controf" measure because rentors think that's 
what will appeal to voters. If it appeal. to you, vote against the 
measure. 

Enough has been written about Proposition 9 and its 
pouible effects on the UC system to convince anyone who 
cares about creating a good university here to vote against it. 
Prosrarns, ma;orl professors and T As wiD be lost, and 
ItUdents wiD have to pay substantially more to attend an -
institution that will probably decline in quality. 

There are other reasons to vote against 9, too - the fact 
that most of the tax benefits from the initiative would go to 
large corporationl, for example, or that programs for the poor 
w~1 likely be the hardest hit, or that affinnative action 
program., almost all of them created in the last 10 years, 
would be damaged in a huge bureaucratic game of "firat 
created, firat dissolved." Almo.t all of those apply to every 
level of .tate government, not ju.t UC. 

Beyond tho.e three ballot initiatives, there are some 
remarkably progressive pieces of legislation on the .tate and 
county ballots and we urge .tudents to support them. They 
include City Proposition C, which would help enfranchise 
Third World peoples in San Diego by creating City Council 
election districts. Instead of middle class con.ervatives 
having a majority in every city election, local communities 
could get representation on a council that is predominantly 
White, male and unresponsive. City Proposition E would 
finally bring civil service reform. to San Diego that the federal 
government inatituted when Chester Arthur was US 
President. 

Proposition 5 would protect reporters from having to 
reveal their sources to judges. It would serve as an invaluable 
tool to newspapers which have striven in the la.t 10 years or 
10 (a good date to mark more aggressive reporting would be 
the Pentagon Paper. case) to root out corruption in public and 
private places. • 

Proposition 11, far from being the economic di.aster 
Standard Oil of California insists it would be, would simply 
institute a small tax on energy industries in this state and use 
the revenue gained to work on creating alternative an.wers to 
energy problem •. Proposition 8 would aid by issuing .tate 
bonds to help fund alternative energy services. 

Proposition 4 would make it ea.ier to establish low-rent 
housing without significantly reducing the opportunity of 
communities to oppose .uch initiatives. Propositions 6 and 7 
would, respectively, codify procedure for redistricting and 
expand disaster relief service programs to private property . 

Propositions I and 2 are bond initiatives for state parks 
and veterans. Both cost the state no money and will provide 
valuable service. to portions of the population. City 
Proposition D would bring interest rates on bonds in line with . 
iaIIationary reality by allowing interest rates to rise above the 
current 5 ~cent set by law. 

State Proposition 3 would allow for preservation of the 
.tate capitol at virtually no expense to the state. It hal been 
derided al too trivial for the state constitution, but the 
constitution is a hodgepodge of tremendously important and 
lrivial ilems .- by side. At least this trivial item 
accompli.hes something positive. _ -= 

leHer 
Wilson Ad 
Is Deceiving 
Editor: 

I would like to issue a 
warning to UCSD students 
who are planning to vote in the 
~rimary election tomorrow. 
They are being deceived by 
State Senator Bob Wilson's 
campaign advertising on 
environmental illues. 

Wilson's radio, ' TV and 
newspaper ada hail how he 
paned ..... the mo.t important 
environmental bill in 1979." 
What Wilson deliberately fails 
to mention is that he haa one of 
the worst environmental 
voting records of aU the 
senatora for 1979. 

Each year the League of 
Conservation voters rates the 
state Iegi.lature .on approxi· 
mately 20 to 25 bills that 
environmentalists consider to 
have been mo.t important. 

In 1979, 23 bills were listed 

on the LCV voting chart. 
Wilson'l bill was not 
considered important enough 
to be included. 

In facl, Wilson .cored only 
27 points out of the 100 
possible and was ranked 32nd 
of the 39 senatorl rated. He 
knew how bad hi. LCV rating 
was far in advance of when his 
campaign ads were produced. 
The San Diego League of 
Conservation Voters has 
charged him with "deliberate 

intent to deceive the voters." 
His campaign literature 

piece mailed to voters is 
devoted to making him appear 
to be a friend of the 
environment. The SDLCV wiD 
not tolerate this action of 
Wilson's that projects him in 
the false image of a legi.lator 
who has compiled an 
outstanding record on the 
environment. 

OONSZALAY 
f»reaident, SDLCV 

r'he IJoHom line . 
.. . And Jarvis is Not Santa Clausl 

BY CURTIS MAYERS 
With voting season once 

more upon him, and his vote in 
the presidential primary now 
next to useless, the California 
voter has a plethora of ballot 
propo.itions to turn his 
attention to. T omonow, there 
are three hot ones. There's 
Proposition 10, which would 
limit the power of local 
governments to establish a 
system of rent control, and 
Propolition II, which would 
place a 10 percent tax ~ the 
profits of this decade'. villains, 
the oil companies. But the 
propo.ition that has generated 
the most heat i., once again, 
brought to us by Big Daddy 
Jarvis. 

Propo.ition 9 proposes that 
California income tax rates be 
halved - that next April the 
average Californian pay 
approximately half of what he 
paid thi. year. 

Thi. entails a not·trivial 
reduction in the state's 

Proposition 13. At about 
every third item on the 
agenda, this loud· mouthed old 
man would jump up to the 
public-testimony podium, and 
demand his 'right to address 
the Council. The Council 
members would roll their eyes, 
yawn and let the old man rave 
for the required 3 minutes. 
Then they voted as they would 
have anyway. 

The old man? ... you 
guessed it But the Council 

revenues and substantial demonstrated, I think, the 
reconsideration of the state proper attitude to diaplay 
government's proper role in toward Howard Jarvis. Ignore 
CaJifornia. One would never his antics and vote as you see 
know it, however, by the level fit. 
of argument surrounding the -Political endonementa 
proposition. I shall not mean noth~. The anti· 
presume to advi.e the voter on Propo.ition 9 forces got a slow 
the wise and proper way to start, because no one was 
mark hi. ballot, but I would publicly willing to oppo.e it. 
like to attempt to patch a few When Proposition 13 was the 
of the potholes on the road to hot ballot issue, politicians 
intelligent consideration: were quick to lend their name. 

-Disregard political to its oppo.ition. When it was 
adverti.ing. Thi. holds overwhelmingly passed, and 
equally true for all propositions . Howard Jarvis became a 
and all candidates. The most . national hero, these politicians 
useleu way to attempt . were caught with their pants 
intelligent consideration of an down. They hadn't realized 
issue is to pay attention to the the depth of public anger at 
advertising in support of or prope.rty tax rates and the 
against it. It is quite true that state's enormous budget 
Howard Jarvis is not Santa .urplus. Their anti·13 
Claus, and Christmas is not in endorsement had become a 
June. This means nothing. I t is political scarlet letter, and an 
rhetoric . Ignore it. endorsement by Howard 

-Jarvi. ia not Propoai- Jarvis was as good a. gold. 
lion 9. Proposition 9 is worthy Once burned, twice .hy. 
of your attention. Howard Mayor Pete Wilson hopes 
Jarvia is not. to parlay hi. endor.ement into 

When I lived in Los conservative IUpport for hi. 
Angeles, I once attended a run for the governorship. An 
meeting of the Los Angeles endorsement for or again.t 
City Council and watched the Propo.ition 9 only indicates 
proceeding •. This was before the 'kind of constituency a 
anyone had even heard of politician wishes to endear 

urtis ayers is an himself to in hi. next .tep up 
undergraduate nt UCSD. the' PQliticai ladder. It ia 

unrelated to the value of the 

proposition. 
- One can spend a 

percentage. One of the sillier 
issues of Prop. 9 debate is 
whether one spends percen-
tages or not. I think both sides 
of this heady debate will agree 
that one may spend a 
percentage of his income. 

-Propo.ition 13 did not 
prove anything. People are 
now, perhaps more than any 
other time since the Boston 
Tea Party, re.enting the 
intrulion of government into 
their lives and pocketbooks. 
They perceive waste in 
government when they have 
had to trim it from their own 
lives. They see over bloated 
bureaucracies that are 
unresponsive and inefficient, 
and bureaucrats that are rude 
and inflexible. 

When Prop. 13 palled, 
they hoped all that would 
change. It didn't. What did 
'result from its passage were 
.ubstantial cuts in outlaya for 
such things as public 
education, .treet maintenance 
and libraries. 

Moreover, we have not yet 
witnessed the true results of 
Proposition 13: the state had 
amassed a substantial enough 
surplus before it. passage that 
it could make up two-thirds of 
the .hortfall in revenue with 
monies taken from the surplus. 
But this coming fiscal year, it 
cannot. It has run out of 
money. Now the real cost-
cutting must begin. Next year 
we may pronounce judgement 
on Propositio!" 13. 

- There i. nothing wrong 
with "voting your pocket-
book." Many opponents of 
Proposition 9 complain that it 
is an appeal to selfi.~e .. , and 
people will vote only on what 
will .ave them the most 
money . Voting one'. 
pocketbook i. a. good a 
reason!' ,any in consideration 

. of the proposition. 
Students, . .ome of whom 

level thii accusation most 
condenmingly, oppose the 
pr0Po.ition by a .ubstantial 
margin. Their primary reuon 
i. that they don't want to pay 
tuition. 

-Dan't believe the t..ffer 
curve. During the battle over 

. Propo.ition 13 the Jarvis 
"'ease /Um 10 page 5 

ASSOCIATED' PRESS 

NEWS BRIEFS 

Pyramid Schemers 
CI~im Legitimacy 

LOS ANGELES -
Claiming that the US Social 
Security system is a pyramid 
system too, 350 pyramid 
pr:oponents gathered at 
Griffith Park yesterday to 
demonstrate the support felt 
throughout the community for 
the get.rich·quick scheme, and 
to protest police crackdowns. 

researchers and we are ready 
to go to the Supreme Court if 
necessary," said Mrs. Root, a 
colorful and flamboyantly 
dressed woman who has been 
a practicing lawyer for 51 
years. "We think it is perfectly 
legal. We find nothing in the 
lottery sections that anyway 
fits the pyramids as I 
understand the pyramids to 
b .. e. 

"There are only certain 
members of the government 
who say the pyramid system is 
illegal. These are the district 
attorneys and the cops. They 
don't have the power of judge, 
jury or legislator," said David 
Brockway, a legal partner of 
Mrs. Root. Brockway added 
that police are working as 
undercover agents to bust 

Waving American flags 
and sporting T-shirts that read 
" Pyr a mid Power" and 
Pyramiders Like It On Top," 
ralliers listened to Gladys 
Towles Root, Jay Lichtman, 
and David Brockway, lawyers 
retained by the Committee for 
People 's Freedom for 
Pyramids, cite the so-called 
unjust arrests of citizens 
participating in pyramid 
parties. 

"We have called in our legal . pyramid parties. 

GROUNDWORK 
BOOKS ~4 l\l~~ '2.-S~l~ ~b%O~ 

OOOKS • PERIODICALS 
POSTERS . PI 5 

U(}f\05 EN ESPANOL 

'OMEN . HEALTH . GAY 
SCXIAUST THOUGHT 

ECONQv.ICS • HISTORY 
YOUNG PEOPLE. THIRD WOfl.LD 

CULTURE . EDUCATION 
Open 11 :00-6:00 

MON-SAT 
UCSD Student Center 

452-9625 

RESUMES ... wedo 
e\lerything but write 'em! 

• Camera Services 
• Typesetting 
• Typing 

3C 
Photocopies 

THAT 
PRlN~'1'1NC 

PLACE 
The one-.top ..."..ocb:/ion cent.,. in tIw IMach area. 
1449 Gamet Awnue • Pacific a..:h 92109 
(714) 271),36()5 

Killer Potts 
Awaits Chair 

REIDSVIllE, GA - If 
convicted killer Jack Howard 
Potts goes to the electric chair 
as scheduled Thursday, three 
volunteers from the Georgia 
Department of Offender 
Rehabilitation will each push a 
button. They will not know 
which button is wired to 
electricity. 

Potts, 35, has abandoned 

appeals on his conviction and 
death sentence for the killing of 
a 24-year.old father·to·be in a 
crime rampage in 1975. The 
former bricklayer contends he 
was using alcohol and drugs at 
the time and doesn't recall 
what prompted the murder, 
although he says he is 
''humbly sorry" about it. 

Steam Leaks at 
Nuclear Plant 
BALTIMORE - Radio· 

active steam leaked for about 
15 minutes yesterday 
afternoon from the Calvert 
Cliffs nuclear plant in southern 
Maryland, according to a 
spokesman for the Baltimore 
Gas & Electric Co., which 
owns the plant. 

The spokesman, JohD 
Metzger, said t),ere "was a 
minor release of radioactive 
steam" at the plant in Lusby, 
MD. 

There was no health 
hazard, the spokesman added. 

Soft Contact Lenses $100* 
Beware of the quick eye examination and contact tens fit It may be too qUick The best eye examination and 
contact lens fitting IS pamstaklng. methodical. t"orough. and consists of numerous tests. A minimum 
number of 4 VISi tS IS required to achieve a proper fit. Our office IS eqUIPped With the most sophisticated. ad· 
vanced and computerized Instrumen atlon In the world In order 10 achieve the best eye examination and 
contac lens fitting poSSible 
All contact tens Iltlng Include a written agreement hat allows you to return your contacts and r ce've are· 
fU'ld at your discretion With a speCifiC period 0 time 
If you ·ve bee.n thinking about contacts. VIS it San D,ego's most technologlcally·advanced optometric 0 Ice 
today Our lar e trbrary 01 lenses allows us to send you home wrth our new conjacts the same day nevare 
frtted ,n most cases 
Call today lor an apPOintment. ree consultalron or Informatron packet explaining soft. fleXible hard tOIlC 
(for correc Ion of astigmatism) sof and e-tended wear (24-hour) contact tenses 

Dr. D. A. Rorabaugh & Associa tes. 
o tometrists 

t939 Grand Avenue . PaCif iC BeaCh. c~m 221 I 
MaSlercharqe and VISA acc~oled 

Get Ready 
for Finals ... 
OASIS Second Story is running 
presentations on "How to Study 
for Finals" and "Test Anxiety". 
Presentations will be given 
continuously on the hour 
from 9 am to 4 pm, Monday 
thru Friday all this week, 
and during finals week in 
USB 4010. 

These sessions have helped students 
in the past - they may help 
YOU now! 

For .. ore in/o, drop in or 
call 452-2284. 

UCSD 
Budget Numbers 

accepted 



A.S.SORTED VINYL'S 
Giant 10th Week 

-SALE! 
All New Records-

Cost plus 50CI 
F 

Ta'pes & Accessories-
Cost plus 10%111 

All Used Records-
20% OFF!I 

We are closing at the end of 
the 10th week, and our existing 

inventory must be sold!t 

NEW RELF,ASFS: 
McCartney II 
Southside Johnny 
Joan Armatrading 

Peter Gabriel 
Brand X 
Devo 

Thanks for a great start. We'll see you 
all next falll 

We are located in the 
Student Center, just 

south of EDNA 
open daily from 11-7. 

II I 
A. S. S' 0 R TED 

Busing ~rogram 
Discriminatory 
Continued From page 1 
San Diego, where most of the magnet schools are located. 

"Many of the Arudo children being bused into inter-city 
schools , where there are predommanUy children of color, are 

'1ast chance children' - elementary school children that have 
been pushed out of other programs, children that are 
hyperactive, or those with disciplinary problems." 

In addition, Wallace says the students from Pacific Beach 
wear big plastic cards for identification and have their classes 
held in "special" trailers. These trailers are equipped with air 
conditioning, carpeting and learning materials which are 
different from those used by the rest of the students . 

"Not only are they not using the same learning materials , but, 
according to the school district , the best teachers trom their 
regular school are being brought in to teach in their learning 
centers. That leaves the ,Black and Brown children with the 
mediocre and poor teachers." 

It doesn 't end there, though. 
''I'went to Encanto Elementary School in sQutheast San Diego 

which has a math-science magnet. Your IQ has to be 145 to 
attend. Because of the kinds of things that happen with testing, 
being racially and culturally biased, Black and Chicano 
children's scores don't come out that high. So the math-science 
magnet schools consist of mostly White children." 

Please turn to page 11 

-Poster Emporium--.. 
Ticket Service 
~San Diego, June 18~ 
L The Who ~ 
G June 21 (front rows);] 

Jimmy Buffet 
r=;June 23 (front rows);] 

Warren Zevon 
r---- July 10 June 15,------. 

I Chuck Mangl~ne II Judas Priest 
We are now accepting small refundable 
deposits for Wings, Van Holen, Jean Luc 
Ponty, George Benson. Grateful Dead. 
Queen. Soz Scaggs and many others. 

8670 Miramar Road 
San Diego. CA 92126 

578·SNOW 
We also carry posters, paraphernalia 

and gifts. 
10% off with this ad 

MAGIC RAZOR 
HAIR DESIGN, 

La Jolla 
Village Square 

(5 minutes from UCSD-1 bloch south of VA) 

r---------~------------i $3.50 OFF 
I ANY HAIRSTYLE WITH THIS AD 
I 
I 
I 

(includes wash, condition 0- style) 

;$10 off .11 permanent waves 
I offer expires June 30, 1980 
1 ______ -----------------

Bring in your UCSD student, faculty or 
staff 1D and pich up your discount card 

good through September 30, /980. 

Open 
7. days 

455-1 700 Walk-ins 
Welcome 

Progressive Income Tax Philosophy 
And Duties of State Challen!led 
Continued from page 2 With respect to the gr;ater protion of their 
forces were delighted to find Laffer curve, apply the income in tax~. . . 
a USC economist who following rule of thumb: Currently, In California, 
pro n 0 un c edt hat a Don't believe anything that the top tax rate . ~s 11 
reduction in the tax rate seems too good to be true. It percent. If Proposition 9 
would lend such a bloom to probably is . passes , the top rate would 
the economy that tax be halved, the five-and-a -
revenues would actually -Proposition 9 is not half percent. This would 
increase. The California simply "tax relief for the make the tax cOnsiderably 
taxpayer could have his rich." This argument less progressive_ 
cake and eat it too; he could brings us to the real meat of The issues raised by 
pay less taxes and -receive the issues raised by Proposition 9 are major 
more services_ Proposition 9 . It has been ones. Do we want to 

Now that Proposition 9 pointed out by some maintain highly progressive 
has rolled onto the political observers that the top 14 tax schedules? Do we 
battle front, Jarvis has once percent of income-earners choose equity of treatment 
again dragged Dr. Laffer would garner over half the or . ~uit>: of .result? Is 
out of his USC closet. Most tax savings under Prop. 9, redlstrtbutlon of Income the 
economists, though , sneer while the bottom 63 percent proper duty of the state, and 
at Dr_ Laffer's contention. would receive only 23 if it is, to what degree? 
Some will go so far as to say percent. The reason is Th.e.se are . important 
that it would be harmful to s imp Ie; un d era n y political questions, and they 
the economy to grant a tax progressive taxation call for careful considera-
cut in inflation-ridden system, 'the top income tion . Give them the 
economy. earners pay a substantially atten tion they deserve. 

Dr. Alan Leventhal, 0 .0 . 
Dr. Neville Cohen, 0 .0 . 

• prore •• tona.. corporaUon 

Clear glao~. single v'a':.;:-! 
ot.andard oh,e and PO~~'~ North County Medical Center 9855 Erma Road. Suite 107 

Mira Mesa 586-9900 

Last Chance to receive $50 off any suit or sport coat 
(UCSD students, faculty & staff with valid ID)-offer expires 

June 15, 1980 

Step out of your 
cap and gown and Into 

More than a style ... 
A Wa.{ of life ... 

We congratulate the 
1980 graduating class and 
Invite you to join us for a 
summer of fashion 

Layaway, Gift 
Certificates, American 
Express, Visa, Mastercard Upper level 

La Jolla Village Square 
455-7334 

Last In the series of the Fifty Dollar Giveaway ... 
Look for us next year with more specials Just for you. 



THE WEEKLY 
CALENDAR 
Entertainment 

MONDAY· FRIDAY 
2nd Annual New Age Film Fe.tival & Aquarium Fair, at the 
Earthwater Gallery, 3830 Ray ST. (North Park) San Diego, 
Ca. 92104 

12 noon to 5 pm - Show of Painting. by Judith Speigal at 
Mandeville Annex Gallery. No .<binion, call X3012 for 
more infonnation 

nJESDAY 
8 pm - ATOMICAFE, Graduate Student Composers Forum 
in Mandeville Recital Hall. Admission is- free. For more 
information call X3229. 

WEDNESDAY 
12 .- - Watennelon activities on the Revelle Plaza: Green 
eo tou and hopefuly Square Pan Pizm. 

4 - UCSD New Poetry Series Readi"l[: THE ANNUAL 
ROADWORK MAGAZINE CONTRIBlTfORS READING. 
No charp, Revelle Formal Lounge. 

8 pm - "The Clap"plays Rock 'n RoD at the Pub. 

8 pm - Revelle College'. annual Walermelon Pageant: A 
pageant to select the Revelle Watermelon Queen. The .selection 
Will be bued on creativity, llood hullMW, and personallly of the 
contaIant. Revelle Cafeteria. 

THURSDAY 
12 noon - Vocal Collegium with Carol Plantemura as director. 
Ma ndeville Recital Hall , admission free. 

FRIDAY 
12 noon - Revelle W atermelon Drop: Revelle's traditional 
watermelon drop from the top 01 Urey Hall by the W atermelon 
Queen. Measurement for the farthest splal. 

7 pm - Film :,. The Brig winner of the grand prize at the Venice 
documentary festival. The Brill shows what happens to some of 
the few , the proud who join the military. Also .howing is Attica, 
the original documentary of the 1971 New York State Pnson 
rebellion, filmed on location. TLH \07 , admission free. 

Meetings 
1\JESDAY 
12:00 noon - Attention: The Physics class of 1980 (+ or - the 
fifth year people) is having their picture taken as a group at USB 
4020 A at 12 noon today on Tuesday. Please, please come. 
There are only @ 25 of us. All prolessors associated with this 
cia .. are urged to come. ?s alk Bonnie. If you want a picture ask 
Bonnie or caD Carey 453·0945. P .S. Tell a friend. 
6:30 pm - UJS (Union 01 Jewish Students) rneeting at the 
Graduate Siudent conference room (next to registrar'. office). 

Recreation 
MONDAY 
12:00 • 12:30 - Noon conditioning workshop with Joellen 
Barnell . Open to studenta, staff & faculty. Location: Wrestling 
room. 

4:00 .6:00 pm - Table Tennis Club meets today for open play 
in the Rec. Conference Room . 
4 :00 • 6 :00 pm - Gymnastics Club sponsors open workouts 
Monday.Friday , 4 -6 pm in the South Balcony of the Main Gym. 
Any UCSD affiliates interested in joining us are welcome! 
5 :00 pm - Karate Club practice in the North Balcony 01 the 
Main Gym. 
8 :00 • 10:00 pm - ' Israeli Folkdance Club . Join us lor open 
dancing in the Rec Conference Room. 
8 :00.11 :00 pm - Wrestling Club meeting in the Wrestling 
Room 01 the Main Gym . 

TUESDAY 
12:00.12 :30 pm - Noon conditioning workshop with Joellen 
Barnett . Open to student, staff and faculty . Wrestling Room . 

3:00 .5:00 pm- Ultimate Frisbee practice, on Third 
field . 

4 :00 • 6 :00 pm - Gymnastics club open supervised workout, 
in the South Balcony of the Main Gym. 

pm - Karate club practice, North Balcony , Main Gym. 

• 5:45 pm - Judo club, wrestling room. 

WEDNESDAY 
12:00 • 12:30 pm - Noon Conditioning Workshop with 
Joellen Barnell. Open to students, stall and faculty. Wrestling 
Rm. 

3:00 • 5:00 pm - Lacroase Club' practice, 3-5 pm, 
Field. 

4:00 • 6 :00 pm - Gymnastics Club sponsors open su~ten,;sed l 
workouta for all you former gymnast enthusiasts. Join 
Balcony. 

4:00 • 6:00 pm - T able Tennis club open play, Rec Conf 
New players always welcome! 

5:00 pm - Karate club, North Balcony of the Main Gym. 

5:00 • 7:00 pm - Yoga Club meeting in the Adaptive Room 
the Main Gym. 

6:30 • 8:00 pm - Aikido club practice, Wrestling Room. 

8:00 • 11 :00 pm - Wrestling club, Wrestling Room. 

THURSDAY 
12:00 • 12:30 pm - Noon Conditioning W<"klinOD 
Joellen Barnett. Open 10 .tudents, staff and faculty. W,· ... lliruJi 
Rm. 

3:00 • 5:00 pm - Ultimate Frisbee Club practice on 
College FteId. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastic. club open supervised 
South Balcony 01 the Main Gym. 

5:00 pm - Karate Club, North Balcony , Main Gym. 
5:00 .5:45 pm - Judo club practice, Wrestling Room. 

6:00 .8:00 pm - Korean Karate practice North Da!COlnVJ 
Main Gym. 

8:00 • 10:00 JIll' - Juggling Club practices each Thunday 
the Wrestling Room 01 the Main Gym. 

8 :30 pm - Racquetball Club Night ~t Black Mountain 
Racquetball Club , 9-11 pm. $1 .50 Meet at Urey Hall mailbox at 
8 :30 pm for carpooling. All levels of play welcome. 

FRIDAY 
12:00 .12:30 pm - Noon conditioning work,hop.with 
Bamett. Open to students, staff and faculty , wreatling room. 

2:00 • 3:00 pm - Synchronized swimming club meets at 
pool. 

4:00 • 5:30 pm - Gung Fu club practice, Adaptive 
Main Gym. 

4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastic. club sponsors open workout' 
the South Balcony 01 the Main Gym. Join U.! 

4:00 • 6:00 pm - Table T ennis club meeta for open 
Rec Conference Room, Rec Gym. Newplayera always _1"""""lI 
5:00 pm - Karate club practice, North Balcony, Main Gym. 

8:00 • 11:00 pm - Wrestling club meeting, Wreltling Room , 
Main Gym. 

SAnJRDAY 
11:00 • 2 :00 JIIII- Ultimate Frisbee Club hal practice today 
Third College Field. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Bolling Club practice Wrestling Rm. 

SUNDAY 
10:00 • 12 noon - Synchronized swimming club meets at 

Academic Services 
MONDAY THRU FRIDAY 
9:00 . 4 :00 pm - Get ready for finals . OASIS Second Story il 
rwmill£! presentations on "HOW TO STUDY FOR FINALS" 
and "TEST ANXIETY". Presentations will be given continually 
on the hour from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm all this week and during 
finals week. No appointment necessary, just drop·in. These 
sessions have helped students in the past - they may help you 
now! Come to USB 4'0 I O. For more inlonnation, call 452-2284. 

OASIS Writing Center will be open all this week and through 
finals week for all UCSD students who need pre· writing help, 
conlerences on drafts , and editing advice. Call 452·2284 after 
8:15 am to schedule an appointment or drop in USB 4010. 
Writing Center will be closed a fter linals week . Appointment is 
necessary. 

7:00·11 :00 pm - FOCUS, UCSD'stelephone helplineis here 
to listen to you. Call us every night Irom 7 pm to 11 pm. 

MONDAY 
9:00 ·9:50 am - Revelle Humanities Assignment Brai nstorm: 
Small group class lor Revelle students enrolled in Humanities 
Sequence 12C tuft section. Prepara tion lor writing di rected at 
your particular assignment. C lass meets in 4070 USB. 
Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. 

10:50 am - Revelle Humanities Assignment 
IHr.';nstonn : Small group class for Revelle students enrolled in 
IHllm,lOities Sequence 11 C Saville section. Preparation for 

at your particular assignment. Class meets in 
. Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. 

1:00 • 3 :00 pm - Career Advising Program/Humanities and 
Sciences. Open hours advising sessions infonnal with the 

Ir ... ,ftI"""ltnr for 1-I&SS services, focusing particularly on job 
graduate/prof. school issues. No appointment 

it is advisable to arrive early. Appointments 
first advising session on relerral basis. Location: 

Planning & Placement, Student Center Bldg. B. 

TUESDAY 
9:00 ·9:50 am _ Revelle Humanities Assignment Brainstorm: 
Small group class for ReveUe stuclentl enrolled in Humanities 
Sequence I 1 C Marino section. Preparation for writing directed 
at your particular auignmenl. Class meets in 4070 USB. 
Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. 

10:00 • 10:50 - Revelle Humanities Assignment Brainstorm: 
Small group class for Revelle students enrolled in Humanities 
Sequence 12C Lyon section. Preparation lor writing directed at 

~our particular assignment. Class meets in 4070 USB. 
Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. 

10:00 • noon - I nformal advising sessions with the coordinator 
for Engineering and Physical sciences career advising and 
placement. For help in career planning and job hunting see 
Maxine Bailey at the Career Center. No appointments are 
necessary, however it is advisable to arrive early. Please call to 
confirm open hours are being held. Location: Career Planning & 
Placement, Student Center Bldg. B. 

2:00 · 4 :00 pm - Career Advising Prograrn/Humanities and 
Social Sciences. Open hours advising sessions informal with the 
coordinator lor H&SS services, focusing particularly on job 
search and gra dua te/prof. school issues. No appointment 
necessary, however it is advisable to arrive early. Appointments 
made after first advising session on referral basis. 

4 :00 pm - Ca mpus Black Forum in Third College Conf. room 
141. 

7 :00 • 9 :00 pm - Bio/Chern/Physics tutoring at OASIS Third 
Place. 

WEDNESDAY 

2:00 • 4:00 pm - Informal advising sessiolll with the 
coordinator for engineering and phyaical sciences career 
advising and placement. For help in career planning and job 
hunting see Maxine Bailey at the Career Center. No 
appointments are necessary, however it is advisable to arrive 
early. Please call to confinn open hours are being held. Location: 
Career Planning & Placement, Student Center Bldg. B. 

7:00 • 9:00 pm - Bio/Chern/Physics tutoring at OASIS Third 
Place. 

FRIDAY 

10:00 am • noon - Career Advising Program/Humanities and 
Social Sciences. Open hours advising sessions in/or mal with the 
coordinator lor H&SS service , focusing particularly on job 
search and graduate/ pro!. school issues. No appointment 
necessary, however it is advisable to arrive early. Appointments 
made a fter first advising session on referral basis. Location: 
Career Planning & Placement, Student Center Bldg. B. 

1 :30 • 3:30 - Informal advising sessions with the coordinator 
for Engineering and Physical Sciences career advising and 
placement. For help in career planning and job hunting see 

9:00 ·9:50 am - Revelle Humanit ies Assignment Bra instonn : Maxine Bailey a t the Career Center. No a ppointments are 
Small group class for Revelle students enrolled in Humanities necessary, however it is advisable to arrive early. Please caD to 
Sequence 11 C Jolley section. Preparation for writing directed at confirm open hours are being held. Location: Career Planning & 
your particular assignment. Class meet. in 4070 USB. Placement Bldg. B. Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. ,--_____ --.::: ___________ _ _ __ --1 

10:00 • 10:50 am - Upper Division Adjunct Class. For 
transfer students. Focus on short term papers, research memo""s. 
composition, punctuation, and organization. Class meets 
eight weeks. Room 4070 USB. Sponsored by OASIS Writing 
Center. 

1:00 • 2:00 pm - Informal advising sessions with the 
coordinator for engineering and physical sciences career 
advising and placement. For help in career planning and job 
hunting see Maxine Bailey at the Career Center. No 
appointments are necessary, however it is adyisable to arrive 
early. Please call to confirm open hours are being held. Location: 
Career Planning & Placement, Student Center Bldg. B. 

5:00 pm - Study Skills for science. At OASIS Third Place: 

THURSDAY 
10:00 am . noon - Career Advising Program/Humanities and 
Social Sciences. Open hours advising sessiolll informal with the 
coordinator for H&SS services, foculing particularly on job 
search and graduate/pro/. school .sues. No appointment 
necessary, however it is advisable to arrive early . Appointments 
made aher fi"t adviaill( session on referral ba.is. Location: 
Career Planning & Placement, Student Cl!nter, Bldg. B. 

Religion 
MONDAY 
12:00 noon - Catholic Bible Study. Location: Student LoWljje 
upatairs. 

5:00 pm - Calvary Olapel Horne Fellow.rnp. An hour 01 
fellowship, Bible study, and prayer. Corne get twHy gho.ted 
pre-finals. All welcome! Location: North Conference Room. 

THURSDAY 
8:00 • 9:00 pm - Meeting 01 the Christian Science 
Organization. All Itudents, faculty , and staff are wekome. 
Location: Garne Room Conference Room, Student Center, 

FRIDAY 

Lectures 
6:30 pm - Oneil Shabbat. The last one 01 the year! Bring 8 
vegi pot and something edible illlide of it. Location: Chancellor's 
Conference Room A . 

SATURDAY 
5:30 pm - Catho~c Mass at University Lutheran Church. 

TUESDAY 
12:00 • 1:00 pm- Contraceptive Education S_ion: In/onnal 
discussion. All must attend to receive birth conlrollervices and 
men are encouraged to attend 811 well. No appt neceslllry, 
Iocaled in the conference room at the UCSD Student Health 
Center. 

3:45 pm - Organic Chem.try Seminar "To be announced>' by 
Professor I.rael Argranat Chemistry Studies Division. Hebrew 
University, Jeruaale, I.rael. 

SUNDAY 

8:30 am - Catholic Mall at University Lutheran Church. 

WEDNESDAY 

7:30 pm - The ECKANKARStudent SocietywiU be holding a 
lecture-discussion on dreams, death and reincarnation and how 
they are related to everyday life. The public is M!kome. 
Location: 2250 APM. 

10:00 am - Lutheran Guitar Folk Mass with Pastor John 
Huber preaching: Ever}'Dne welcome. University Lutheran 
Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

10:30 am - Catholic Mas. at University Lutheran Church. 

12:00 noan - Episcopal Eucharist at University Lutheran 
Ct.Jrch. 

FRIDAY 12:00 • 1 :00 pm - Contraceptive Education Session: Informal 
discussion; all must attend to receiv!! birth controLservices and 
men are encouraged to attend- as well. No appt necessary, 
located in the conference room as the UCSD Student Health 
C,enter. 

3:00 pm - Philosophy Department Colloquium presents Dr. 
Paolo Dau, lecturing on "Assertion and Inference." Location: 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 

CAREER PLANNING & PLACEMENT'S 

This is a sampling of opportunities listed with Career Planning & 
Placement as of last Wednesday morning. Visit us at the 
Student Center, Bldg. B. We are here to help! 

--CAREER: ----------------~----~-----. 

Chemisl or Material Enginer: -STBA, ~ min. In chemistry. 
(6935) 

Electrical Engineer: $15,000 $23,OOO/year; BSEE with 
software experience. (6937) -

Associate Engineer: $17,000 . $20,OOO/year; BSEE or 
Computer Science. (6936) 

5:00 pm - Catholic Mass at University Lutheran Church. 

Jobs 8r events 
-PART~TIME:----------------, 

Warehouse Person: $5.10/hour; Part time. (H2370) 
Bookkeeper: $4.00/hour; Part time. (C2371) 
Receptionist: $3.50 • $4.00/hour DOE; Part time. (C2372) 
Perfonnance Prediction: $4.80/hrs; Jr. standing; Computer 

Science major; part to full time. (E23 74) 
Circuit Evaluation and Application: $4.80/hr; junior standing; 

Engineering or Physics major; (E2375). 
Live In, Free Room & Free Dinner Meal; in trade for cooking 

dinner meals for employer and 2 children. Non·smoker. 
(G2378). 



.. 

Il-{ER,LOCK "loLmEs 
eON FILmti 

... II • ". 

An Invitation 
to 

Cosas Bonitos 
International Imports 

a new kind of store in La ] aHa 
[ Quality at Affordable Prices 

Come and see the casuaL summer fashions 
in cotton, voiLe and silk, 

selected silver jewelry 
and unique gifts 

imported from India and the Orient ,-~-----------Tuesday, June3------------~ 
The Private Life of" 

Sherlock Holmes 
starring Robert Stephens &-

Christopher Lee 

The Seven Percent Solution 
starring Nicol Williamson &- Alan Arkin 

Bring your deerstalker hats to USB 2722 
Tickets are only $1.50 

If you like sundresses, 
skires, shores, tops and bLouses 

in lace, cutworl<., baeik and eehnic prints 
that are disrinctit'e . 

Cosas Bonitos 
is the place for you 

in The Coosr Wall~, 1298 Prospecr Sr" Suire n, La Jolla ' 
459-1377 

Open Weekdays 100m ra 6 pm. Sundays 12 noon 10 5 pm 

SpalMG [POT SALI 

'UC CIAFTI OEM. Ell. 
~UME 4 81.6 

.TWEEN ., ... HALL I THE ITUDINT .elMTEI 

IEVELLE CAMPUS 
-'UNI 4CI -IOAM TO 6PM4B!!I". 6-IOAM TO 4PM 

• 412 1021 It 

Rwmer. from allover southern Califomia attended this year'. 10K run. 

Annual Spring Run Draws 
More than 600 Competitors 

BY SCOTT ALLISON 
Staff Writer 

More that 600 runners from 
southern California showed up 
for UCSD's second annual 
Women's Caucus· sponsored 
10 km. run, held last Saturday 
morning. 

Encinitas resident Brain 
Igoe emerged as the overall 
winner with a respectable time 

of 33:07. The women's winner 
was Yvonne Yanke from 
Long Beach State, and her 
time of 36:26 bettered last 
year's record time by more 
than 30 seconds. 

Fourteen year·old Pat 
Green remained one of the top 
runners in the country for his 
-age group, with an astounding 
time of 34:04. UCSD 
Professor of Surgery, David 
Worthen won the men's 40-49 
age.bracket division with a 
crisp 35:03 mark. Another 
local, Joe Currey, checked in 

, with a 38:48 time to win the 
men 's 50·and·oIder group. 

The course more than lived 
up to its reputation as a 
challenge, with at least 60 
runners dropping out in mid. 
drift. Officially sanctioned by 
the AAU (Amateur Athletic 
Union), the route begins at the 
Medical School parking lot 
and travels to Genessee 
Avenue before back.tracking 
toward UCSD, where it 
encircles the campus and 
finished where it started. 

There hill behind Central 
Library proved to be 
immensely difficult for many 

of the runners . At the finish 
line they could be heard 
cursing "the monster." 

"Because of that hal, it's a 
very challenging course," said 
Worthen. 

The finish line at any long 
run is always an interesting 
place for a spectator to be. 
Saturday's run was no 
exception. 

Several people collapsed 
and were hospitalized. Some 
eagerly reached lor beers that 
their friends supplied. Others 
gobbled down Dannon 
Yogurt, and nearly all of the 
contestants made full use of 
the aid stations the Women's 
Caucus supplied_ 

For winner Brian Igoe, 
though, it was just another 
race. lbe 6.2 miles - "not a 
fast course at a1I'~ - were just 
a fr action of his 60 miles per 
week training regiment, and 
after the race he almost 
lamented over his lack of 
fatigue. 

"I never had to push hard, 
and basically I was running 
easy the entire race," Igoe 
said. 

Igoe, 27, competes in local 
races whenever he can. In only 
two years of competitive 
running he has established 
himself as one of the premiere 
distance runners in the nation. 
He recently travelled to 
Massachusetts for the Boston 
Marathon, where he narrowly 
missed receiving a medal for 
his outstanding 2:29 dip. But 
Igoe remembers Boston best 
for the Rosie Ruiz incident. _ 

"I saw Rosie. There is no 
way she ran a full race," he 
said. 

Jgoe was also the first San 
Diegan to finish at Boston, 

_ somethin~ he is proud of. 

Conteetant. of all Ales qreed that the hill near Central Library 
w .. tou,h. Photo. by Matthew Geidt. 

June 5,6& 7 
8:00 pm 

FREE ADMISSION 

Sharon Baumgarten 
RusseD Klein 
Julie SulrlVan 

TELEX 
Business 
Systems 

is now accepting 
summer applications. 

13 
L 
U 
I' 
I' 

male or female, steady employment 
part·time work, full-time money 

unlimited opportunities 
bonuses, incentives 
rapid advancements 

complete training in 2 hours 

1/ you Itave tlte desire to 
eam $200-$300 per. wee", 

call: 
287-1'50 or 286-2467 

and ask lor Bo". 



Calling ai' /orDler 
OASIS tutors! 

all current and former OASIS tutors 
are invited to join in the 

Tutor Basla 
Saturday, June 7 - beach barbecue 

Sign up now in OASIS UNDERGROUND! 
HL 1254 

AUOWTELY FREE 
Need help planning a trip or 

getting the best airfare? 
Call us or drop by today. 

We're here to serve you 

V; IDE ORlO 
TOURS . 

455-7710 
also open evenings 

and Saturday 
Conveniently located in La Jolla Village Square 

(next to Bullock's Wilshire) 

TAKE A 
PIECE OF 
SAN DIEGO 
HOME 

Posters of 
Son Diego L ..................................................... ...' CMliiable at J 

The Frame Shoppe ... e tc. 
4079 LJ()\'C n1OJ" Dri\'c, Sun Diego, CA 92122 

(714 )-453-7920 . 
Tuesduy tJml Suttll'duy, 9 :30-5:00 

Decade' for Women 
T-Shirts 

on display at the 
Women's Center 
10 am to 3 pm 

T-Shirts may be ordered 
through the Women's Center 
for $6.36 each. Or call Sue, 

at 453-6836. 

A fundralser for the United Nmlons Association 
of Son Dlegc:r-to send \fIOm8n to the Decade 

for Women's ForuM In Copenhagen, 
Juny, 1980. 

Music/Barr Alfonso 

Tim Buckley: Victim of 
Cold Industry, Consumers 
A merica loves fads and fashions of its musical 

entertainment - yes· 
terdayay it was di.co, now it's 
"New Wave Rock." And like 
any other bUliness, the 
recording industry i. eager to 
serve up the next pop mu.ic 
commodity, to be con.umed 

Jlntil the public i •• atisfied, then 
thrown away. 

It's ea.y to forget that this 
procell involves creative 
human beings who make this 
disposable music; who are 
themselves consumer goods at 
the mercy of the marketplace. 
Some artists milk their talent 
for all their value and keep up 
with every.changing trends. 
Others are cast aside by their 
fans befort: their time, victims 
in a way. 

I doubt tha t you remember 
a singer/songwriter named 
Tim Buckley. His star blazed 
briefly in the late '60s, then 
slowly dwindled until he died of 
a drug overdo.e June 29, 
1975 . With the fifth 
anniversary of his death 
approaching, I'd like to offer 

. his career as an example of 
how genius can be wasted 
when it doean'tsuit the tastes 
of the moment. 

His story begins nonnally 
enough for a rock artist; 
discovered performing at Los 
Angeles clubs in 1966, 
puckley was all of 19 years 

.old, a delicate.looking figure 
who played 12.string guitar , 
wrote ethereal little songs and 
sang them with a hauntingly 
expressive voice. 

It was this last talent of his 
tha t made him so unusual. His 
early lyrics are weighted down 
with overly. precious poesy, 
while his melodies are often 
rudimentary chord strum· 
mingo But that ooice! With it 
he could soar to falsetto 
heights, then drop a second 
la ter to incredibly deep lows 
Without strain. 

Buckley's first two a1. bums for Elektra 
Rec ords attrac ted 

much critical praise. The 
album , Tim Bu c kley , 
captured a still maturing artist, 
containing mostly honey. 
.weet love songs. 

His next effort, Hello and 
Goodbye, was hailed as a 
major step forward for him -
certainly it's an ambitious 
record, especially lyricaJly. 
The LP'. title track is an 
epochal moral statement, 
condemning American war· 
mongering in flowery verse. 
To my taste, much of Hello 
and Goodbye i, overwritten, 
but it was received most 
favorably when it appeared in 
1968 and seemed to bode well 
for Buckley's commercial 
potential. 

Then, something went 
wrong - Buckley refused to 
stick to a fonnula. He decided 
that complex lyrical 
statements and conventional 
rock music were not be.t 
suited to hi. talents. He .truck 
out in a jazz direction, leading 
him into making lOme of the 
most unnervingly eccentric 
poe.music ever released. 

The first of this jazz. 
flavored albums , the 
melancholy Happy Sad 
(1969), while definitely a 

personal work , is still older - Van Morrison and 
reasonab!y nonnal. Pete Townshend are good 

But Buckley was still examples of this. 
evolving his radical new style, 
and Lorca (1970) displayed But Tim Buckley went in 
his unorthodox intension • . Its the opposite direction. Hi. last 
music i. disturbing, often songs were achingly sexual, 
.inister. While eerie pipe va.t1y removed from the 
organ. moan and conga my. tical mu.ings of his early 
rhythms .nake in and out of years. Get on top of me, 
avant.,arde jazz jams, woman begins one number on 
Buckley. gho.tly wails raise Greetings (rom LA, and that's 
gooseflesh a. they convey about as tender as he gets on 
intense, if vague, passions. this album. On the whole the 
Lorca did not win him many record is excellent a 
fans . focused, intelligent effort that 

After switching record sold little better than his more 
companies, moving to Frank bizarre works. 

~ .. ~. ""~ 

Zappa 's Stra ig ht labe l, 
Buckley released a ta mer LP , 
Blue A ft ernoon. T his proved 
to be the calm before the 
cacaphony, however. 

What followed was the 
lunatic.fringe jazz· rock of 
Starsai/or (1970), a record so 
strange and excessive that 
even it's admirers (including 
me) listen to it with great 
difficulty . This album may 
feature songs with soothing 
titles like Th e Hea lin g 
Festioal, but it. is a scary , 
tumultuous collec tion of 
jumbled emotions. When the 
.inger's voice leaps to its 
highest octave to unleash a 
hair· raising screech, you fear 
for his very . anity. 

Starsailor, then, is the work 
of an artist boldly striking out 
in hi. own direction. 1£ it is too 
chaotic and experimeiltal for 
moal ears, , does show a 
highly imasinative mu.ician at 
work. Buckley was pouring his 
heart out for those who cared 
to hear. Very few did . 

The failure of the aI· bum muat have woun· 
. ded him deeply. He 

ceased recording for several 
year •. When he did resurface, 
his songs were very different 
- they were testimonials to 
the former pop wunderkind'. 
di.illusionment with hi. career 
and life in general. 

Greetings From LA (1972) 
is a cynical, .ardonically 
humorous record that 
documents how much 
Buckley' . attitude had 
changed. "nlere are many 

. examples 01 songwriter. who 
began their careers composing 
raunchy, tough· minded 
material, then .witched to 
.piritual theme. as they grew 

I t became obvious that Buckley's career was 
taking him nowhere 

commercially. Two more 
release in a blues·rock vien, 
Sefonia and Look At The-Fool 
(both 1974) were ignored by 
the public and the press. 
Buckley, whose mu ic was 
a lways charged by raw 
feeling, had spent himself 
trying to win an indifferent 
audience. When he died, it 
a ttr acted o nl y passi ng 
attention. 

I suggest you search out a 
few of Tim Buckley's better 
albums at a used record store 
sometime. You may be moved 
by them, almost certainly be 
imprellled by the ability the 

sin~er shows. And when 
you re not ~stening to this 
week' s Top 10 hit, you might 
reflect on the public 
indifference _ an out·of·the-
or.dinary artist receives. It's 
not a fashionable thought, but 
a true one. 

Refugees 
Scuffle 
Continued from page I 

Bill McAda of the Federal 
Emergency Management 
Agency denied reports that the 
refugees had taken over the 
base, but said band. of 
~.lees were roaming about 
I . 

Gov. Bal Clinton placed ,the 
Arkansas National Guard on 
alert and a.ked the White 
Hou.e for more military aid. 
President Carter dispatched 
White House .taffer Eugene 
Eidenberg and Tom Casey of 
the emergency manqment 
agency to Chaffee last night. 

Classifieds 
announcements 
Anyone Interested In f,ncling out m()(e abO\J11he 
Citizens Plrly and the Barry Commoner 
presidenlial campaign, please caU Austin at. 481 -
9974. (6 / 4) 
So HI the 10th week and you have 12 chapters 10 
read. so 00 to the Pub Wednesday night and blow 
yOUf shorts ott singing with Rich Bermudez 8-10 
pm. (6 / 2) 
TCCP lOB and 1 OC w~ be o" ... ed lhrough Summer 
Ses.ion. Sign up ea'IyI(6/ 6) 
OLDER STUOENTS· roon1ry o"ice hours Iro WOd. 
JtJne 4. 9-12 1m (d,,1!C11y 000 .. fOOd co-op In 
.ludenl cenler). PI .... stop Dy.M give YOIJ( idea. 
on how to get the proor1m going NlX1 year. any 
quelHona • Beck~ x2280. We'd love to just meet 
you and lalk! (6 / 31 
The Clap: anile rock and roll. Bellies, Stones, 
Grateful Dead, Doors, OHdence Clearwater, Kl..... Tull. I.n Hunt... lou. Reed. Pet1y & 
Ofiginols. (6 / 41 
SAVE THE STANISLAUS RIVERlromtne Malownil 
'DIm writ. 10 eongrllltnln PII~ BUflon HR 4223 
Nlitonel Parks & Inlul8r Plrks Subcommlnee 
HOY .. OIIic. Building. W,"h. D.C. 20515. Pelh.,n 
.nd inlo. Revelle Pill. TU.I. 4/1 (6 / 2) 
It's coming - the Revelle Watermelon queen 
p.g • • nt on Wed. June 4 App.'s in Revelle Aes. Oe..,· •. (6 / 2) 
OASIS W,ning Cen.er wiN De opened alllni. w_ 
and It'llOUOh linalS week for pr8-wri1ing help. 
ccnftKences on drifts, and ediUng advice. call 

. .52 -228~ 'ftef 8:15 8m to schedule an 
appointment or drop in USB 4010. Writing Center 
will be closed after li nals week. Appoimment I. 
nec .... ry (S / O) 

personals 
IMN TWO BACKSTAGE PASSES or TWO 
COMPLEMENTRY PASSES '0 SOu.hside JOIlnny 
and the Asbury Jukes: appearing Fri. June 6 81 the 
UCSO Gym. Entry blanks now available as 
ASSORTED VINYL For additional Into. c all 452. 
2733 or 452·0102 (6 / 4) 
Hey youl Yeah you! See the Clap June 4 al Walks 
Ploce II'. gonno be gr •• 1i (6 / 4) 

for sale 
Sludent de.k and chair (lor omall person) 520. 3· 
dr.wer dresser ( .... ocado ' inish) 125 or both for 
1-40. CI.I lynn 454 ·5879, (6 / 6) 
For sale: ~sk 1-40. bu;OIU 1-45. bookc ... $45. lwm 
bed 570 or mal<e 011 ... 1 Cell BOO 453·4969 01 JOdie 
052-8804. (6/ 8) 
SURFBOARD 6'7 ' good condkion. w/ leasn $45. 
WET SUIT Me,l. 5SO. 454-9859. (6 /3) 
HONOLUlU SurfI>oIrd - Ex. conct. 6'4' .nd 21 ' 
wiclh Rad. Rides 5110: luH "'" ex. cond primo sutI 
160: bike ..... cioer $010. S.e .. 295·7448. (6/3) 
Desk • slightly _d. vIIy funclionol. Ihree dr._s. 
512. Ch •• $3. Bolh S14. ClllJul1e 452·13t2. (6/21 
MOTORCYCLE Honda Superoporl '77. 20.000 mi_ ex. condo original owner bell off." mull .. a 
452-8299 ...,e. (6/ 6) 
'67 PLYMOUTH SPORTS FURY. new eng. 36.000 
me S8OO. '63 VW BUG. rOblt eng. 25.000 mi. SIIOO. 
459-9620 01 x 33!8. (6 /3) 
&MId 11111 aummer p/1y1ique weigh! bencI1 & ISO 
Ills grut cond. 530 01 7 Do"" 270-7146 keep 
Irylng. (8 /2) 
7 dro_ d_/$35. 4 dr. __ / $20. lIrge 
cotor TV/ IeO, OR BEST OfFER(S). Richord 755· 
5832. (6/3) • 

Trundle bed 575 or besl o/Ier 053-5533 (6/3) 
Tube gear Elco Preamp Dyna Power Amps 50 
walls ... c h 5100 fOf all 455·OS45 (6/3) 
Room par1ition 'or ule' 4 I8d ions 4' II 8 ' strong. 
Clean. new tree standing. best oHet. John 481 -5t 25 
eve (6/ 5) 
Classic CONVERTIBLE. 1964 Vallan •• excollont 
condition. economical and reliable slanl 6 (225). 
reclro 'ronl seilS, AM-FM, perfect beac:n Of travel 
car. Bes. oN ... ov ... 51000. 459-7945. (6 / 6) 
VICTROLA Ror. OrIhopl1onic Iype nOled for 
excellen. tone. Ca. 1927 51 SO or b .. 1 o"or 453· 
5533. (6 / 31 
1975 Mercury, 4 dr.,./c,newU,es. Good condition. 
51400 01 bost oII.r (or tr.d.1or gold •• 11ver. 7) Bob 
CaM ... (232· 1541) woekday. 576·11531 
evo'./Mekends. (8 / 8) 
P.ir 01 Pioneer T5168 6'11' cor ..... ke .. lor $65. 
0rI1y 5 mo • . Old. AISOSuper ~ Dell!C1or u"d 
only onee · 165 or bel 0/1 .... ClII452- 9018. ask lor 
Harry. (6 / 21 
MUST SELL 1974 Chevy Vogl GT: lowmUoge. new 
at.rter .nd battery. 51900 01 best otfet. Cell 270· 
8003. (6 / 6) 
Groundwork Boo .. I. having' SALE. June 2-14 

18~ OfF. Slop by on<! .Iock up on your l um_ 
r •• ding. Aec:or(js, pins. periodicIll, books on libof, 
poti1icll economy, women, men, QliV Ind more, 
452-9625. (6 /6) 

housing 

ROOtoA WANTED lor • .."mer monlhs. La JOlla. Dal 
Mar , Of" Nonh County preferred. 755-3635 Susan. 
(6 / 4) 
La Jolla · Large double room, lwopeople. Available 
Sopt. Noar Windan.e. B.aen. 459-7125. (6 / 5) 
ROOMtoAATE WANTED - Male. lor summ .... 3 belr. 
targe hOuse. barlfirep!ace/ yard. Own room - UC 
area. 51BO/ mo. 453·6210 • hurry. (Iurmshedl 
(5/ 30.6 / 2.4.61 
Invesl lnSlead of renting! U ... e near campus all year 
round in a 3 bd 2 Y.! ba condo-tennis. pool, jacu21i. 
Priced 10 sell, 571 -7117 Cemury 21· Visla 
Propertl. s. (6/2.6) 
Lrg Obi Rm in Crmon. avoll.6 /2 1.renl S230 mo PiS 
ut,1 and dep. 1 or 2. toA or F. 272-2830 Dirk. 
(5/30.6 / 2.4) 
Ac commodations for Fal! 1980-81 : Two brothers. 
Jef1 and Doug, (Revelle. Eng. & Premed) want to 
rent a large room or share with men an api, COndo, I 
Of suite close to campus 10 can commute by 
bicycle. Knchen no. necesaary. Clil cOlie<:1: (505) 
672-9231 . 7 10 8 pm PDT. (6 / 6) 
2 male CMllian roommates wanted tor aummeror 
lOnger. COndO nea' UCSD. 125/ mo. plus ulli. CIII 
...... 452-5943. (6 / 4) 
Anentlon pfof.sors: Itudent willing to hOUMSit 
Responsible. cloon. no.t. 452·7093. (6 / 6) 
Fem.1e roommel:e needed. Own room. be.utiful L. 
J01Ilo 4 bedroom hse. 2 b1h. Need 10 be occur-ied by 
617. $200/mo plul ulilhles. call 456· 1734 . h ... 6 
pm. (6 / 2) 
SUbl..... July - August Hou.. 1 bedroom. 
lurnisned lIJolia • bNchos $500 mo. 5100 <lop. 
459-9620 01 x 3378. (6 / 31 
Forn. hOUaemo'" w. nted 7/1 • 9/1 (neg.) Playmor 
condo. bedroom. pool. non·smok .... Sll15/ mo. 
unfue 455-1791 or 453-8914. (8 / 4) 
Single room ••. June 15 M or F clO .. '0 UCSO. 
S1 50/md plu. utilllles. Includ .. loeuul. lennls. 
pool. C.II453-11102. Furnished nice pll<:e. (6/2) 
2 fmmlltes needed to shw. maaterbdrm 018 3rm 2 
otory I_hi, noor UCSO. Fulty furnished . ...."... 
dryer. pool. jtcuui. non ,maker . ... 1. In jlept. 
S2OO/mo 452-81134. (6 /3) 

1he Delicate Birkenstock. 
Wallcing in Birleenstocle is a lot lilce wallcing 

barefoot in the sand. 
Our footwear molds to your feet and 

softens the concrete world. 
The delicate Birleenstoclcs. Designed to give 

your feet comfort, with class. 

10% off on one pair of Birkenstocks 
with this ad and a student ID. 

expires 6 June, 1980 

Come in for a test walk. 
.... --

Birkenstock of 
La JoUa 

1111 Prospect 454,7577 

Also: men's and women's dop, Dansleln leotards, 
natural Aber clothing and much, much more. 

Sa ... e energy by bIking to c ampus and not moving 
olA dUfing the summer and back In lor lall , Inveslln 
your own 3 bd 2!11 ba condo, priced 10 seU - lennll, 
pool, JacuzzI 571-7777 Century 21 - Vlsla 
Properties (6/ 0) 
Two fun and responSible ,oommates wanted 'or 

D~I "' ar Down . c o n d o . S165. $t 70 
Washef / dryer / dlshwasher& l!replace 21 Clader, 
no lobacco or pelS Avallabte now. Call Bob late or 
beloro t o 30 am 755·7000 (6 / 61 
VISITING PROF Iookl~ for a 3 bedroom furmshed 
house In la. JotIli or surrounding Ifsas: rental 
periOd Sap. 15 - JUne '5. 19110·81. Coli collecl A-
Romas (61 2) 729-4619. (6 / 6) 
Roommate needed to snare I bedroom apartment 
In P.cilIC Beacn Irom June 17 • SOpt 23 S127.5O 
pet' month, close 10 belch, siores, e ... erylhlng, c .1I 
270·8003 (6 / 61 
F nonsmoker roommate needed 'or Sol 8ch. 
Twnhse ..... ". Sept 19 own room $150. Meli"l 
452-1206. (6 / 4) 
Fem.!e roommate w.nted for lUXUry condo IpprOX, 
1 mi from UCSO Own room in rent negotiable. 453-
0855. (6 / 6) 
In ... est !nl •• ad 01 renling! Live nelr clmpuslM year 
round In I 3 bel 21>DI! condo-Iennls. POOl. loeuzzl. 
Priced 10 setl. 571 -7777 Cenlury 21 • VI ••• 
Properti.s. (6 / 2. 6) 

wanted 
Eorn SSO.oo / nunaed aecurlng.lIu11ing envelopes 
Fr.. details. ' eply: "Homewo'''rs-L 14." Box 
944115. ScheLniburg. Ul.lIOt~. (6 / 61 
Need proofr •• det 'Of .... roety of manuacript & 
photolypesot copy. Spelling. grammar 10" roq. 
291 ·4510 (6 / 2) 
Jobs a .... i! lbte in 1l1eI. Commission only. Average 
income: $43·911day. 566-3116. (6 / 6) 
Nice-looking, weN-motivated pet'son needed to 
eslablish and service accounts lor new Japanese 
PhOto prOduct Full Of part time: set own hours: 
summer and beyond. Commission basis with 
decent 8alnlng potenti. 1. Must h .... e own c.r CI II 
Rob or Riel< 278·2255 (6 / 6) 
Are 'fOU proficient in Organk. Chemistry. t 408 and 
• chen'llSlry m.jor, II so caM 481 -8082, (6 / 6) 
HELP Will pay S25 to Iransport my moped '0 San 
l uls Obispo or Sanla Barbara ASAP caU Betsy 453-
9516. (6 / 3) 
Need hefp in P.B. Pf"lnl Shop, Full time, Experience 
nol necessary. Cell Tom 270-3605. (8/6) 
Lea ... ing ro, Mad Sen. in Guadalajara. lea ... e end 01 
August Went a pertner call Kellen a. 455-1 716 or 
(213) 439·9332 aher Finals. (6 / 41 

services 
TYjJ11!s: IBM &leper / theses / d luer / term 
papers / edftlng. RUSH jobs! 453·0656. 452· 1488. 
268-4936. 225-1449. (6/15) 
JENNY', HOME TYPING- Term paper • • lno .... 
dill. DIY' Ind ..... 225-1449 (6 / 7) 
TYPINGI Ou.lhy wort<. CIII "SA" 235·6244. (5/30) 
Moving to SIn Fr.ncisco. LA "I SmiM Of large 
move • . Cln Move Sh.ring 892·3805. (8/6) 
Michl.l'. "On The Rced" AUiO Service. ·Tune ups, 
oI0c0rlc.l. 11",1 mech.nlcal· Guaranteed 456· 
1879. (6 / 3) 
TYPIST. 16 yrs. exp.. tn.lll . book. ."'Ullical. 
.dllng. dictaptlone. elc .• IBM Saledrlc. 461 . 171 5. 
(6/21 
PrOfsnl IBM Typing. Symbol copabilily. T ... m 
P.pers. Theses. Diuertalionl. On-campus AM, 
X0839. Pm. 566-98~. (6/5) 

travel 
CIEE Stuaent Travel cent.,. loCIIed on Ihe 
aecond I100r of the SI.-.I CInIer. open IAWf 8.4. 
TuTh 10-1. Phone 452·0630. (6/6) 

DIST AR 'Pavlovian' 
~ontinued from page 5 

And then there is the program called DlST AR - Direct 
Instruction System fo r the Teaching of Arithmetic and Reading. 

"I have done research into this program, and have strongly 
taken an offense to D 1ST AR because it is in fact a very raci.t 
program. 

"DlST AR was developed for retarded children; and these 
wonderful educators felt if it could be used on retarded children, it 
could also work very well on Black and Brown children." 

DlST AR is sort of a repeat·and.reward· program which is 
used mainly for Spanish.speakers who do not know English. 

"The children don' t have any idea what they're saying or 
reading. It's used on children of color in a mimicking, .parenting 
.ort of way; there are very many commands which are given 
very fa.t , so the children don't have time to think. 

"The interesting thing that goes on in the DIST AR lesIOn is 
that the children are fed M&M. or peanuts after a response, 
almost ~ke the whales at Sea World. 1he program comes 
packaged. AiiI ltieM.Are me thinga being done in the name of 
integration. " 

Al.o offered in the magnet .chooI. is a program in human 
relation. which, WaDace .ay., i. supposed to promote 
understanding between different races and cultural groups. This, 
too, has not worked. 

"At my son's school, Louis Junior High, a Bill Cosby'ibn on 
racism was shown. After school that day there was a mini race 
riot . It was really pretty serious. A lot of people from Patrick 
Henry High School (where, she says, a lot of Ku Klux Klan 
literature has been circulating) were there; it was evidently 
planned in advance. Buses were scurried off with Black kids left 
behind. Lots of Black kids were beaten. 

"I asked my son what they did next week in human relations, 
and he said that they learned to give eye meuage . ... which i. to 
say that nobody dealt with what caused the race riot, or what 
happened . 1be school isn't dealing with those kinds of issues, 10 
it's going to happen again." 

So, one asks , why aren't the parents doing anything about it? 
"I'm not really sure that parents are really aware. Parents put 

their children on the buses at 5 in the morning, assuming that if 
they ride for two or three hours to get to La Jolla High School 
they're going to have a better educational experience. They 
don't know that they . pend all day in detention centers because 
the school can't provide for them." 

Wallace says she does not queston the philosophy of 
. integration, but rather the way it is. carried out in San Diego. 

"The city schools are giving the people a paci6er and saying, 
'This should take care 01 you.' There are some good teacher. in 
the city of San Diego. I think that they .hould be sent into the 
areas where education is below the level of where it should be." 

AS Funds KSDT Radio 
Continued from page I 
service programming is one condition station members believe 
the AS may stipulate. Taped and/or live broadcasts of campus 
speakers, a calendar of events, the AS bulletin and AS 
advertiains would fall under this category. 

The AS went over the entire proposed budget on Saturday 
and AS Vice President Bm T opki. laid he "would gues. that 
organizations such as CASINO and SCURI will suffer cuts from 
their exi.ting budget •. " 

-..". n. Oc_ T.." is 

J.:... 4 ',t':- bending ~ backwards Shipping EveIyIhlng Home? , : , to serve you better- and June is get acquainted month fJ. at the Oceart Toad, 751J3 Girard Ave. La J olla. CA 
Come in and find 
OUI about our 
special services! 

J .. _ "It ,It rtf J ..... 1511t 
order a custom bikini or buy 
a pair 0/ mens shorts and gel 

Slaps. , ... 
summer sandal! 

a FREE pair or slaps! 

~ 
a:= 

Ju ... I Ott " ,It", J ..... 22, ... 
Buy one terry tube top and pair 
0/ matching shorts and gel a 
free pair 0/ slaps ... 

Wee. 0/ J" ... 23rd 
Buy one pair 0/ shorts and 
get a coupon for $ off on 

your nex t purchase. 

Who bends over backwards to 
serve you better? 

FREE alterations 
on all pants bought 
at the Ocean Toad. 

Leah 0/ Coli/omia 
can be special 
ordered at the 

Ocean Toad. 

The Ocean Toad 
7503 Girard Ave. 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
Remember: a toad by any other name 

;s just a frog! 

The ftyIng "footlocke(' 
gets your personal effects 
to your home fast. and your 
cost could be Jess than 
you think. 

For more Info. call 
American AlrJines 
Freight System: 

231-6400 

The ~:~'~ English ~<j!.q..<o-
Major's ~1;,;<f.t, 
Guide to ~ 
Executive 
careers by Arlne 
(In San Diego & 
Los Angeles) 

d'A!cy 

Where the hIgh payIng jobs 
ore In writing tor 
English Majors. 

Pamphlet PublIc:atIonI 
t0157 R.aclng Road 

Clnnclnattl. Ohlo.aut 



The ASUCSD 
. toasts 

, the Class of \80 _ and Chancellor McElroy 
. -with the 

FREE ' 
Light, Dark & Pink . 

plus 
rock n" roll by ORION 

3:00-6:00 pm 
"on the hump" 

and ehllt niCht Ule'JJ be ~~\I\~~~ 
-"Havin' A 

Vts}> St .".~o, " .It, '1.50 Uc.~ eox Off;(I .. , sw ... t-". Jco..t 
..... 1k".~,.o.. 'K~ - I/I'Z. 

"UNE 6, FIIDAY 
1:00PM 

UCSD GYM 
ROCK.OVtC, ROCK ON INtCO SUMMER.! 


