
• 

The Dail~· Guardian 
Volume 39, Number 40 University of California, San Diego Monday, March 3, 1980 

Championship: Warren 285, Muir 165 
Third Place: Third Beats Revelle 

1979 Freshnten Both 
Liberal, Conservative 

BY ALICE ROCKEY 
- 51 percent of 1979's A picture of the nation's 

university freshmen feel that 1979 freshman class (this 
sex is OK if people like each year's IOphomores) as liberal , 

. other; but sometimes a lot more 
_ more students at private conservative than is widely 

universities want to be lawyers believed, emerges from an 
h d bl annual YCLA-Cooperative t an stu ents at pu ic Institutional Reserach 

schools; 
nationwide study of the 

- half of the nation's 
students favor the legalization 
of marijuana, but half alao 
"strongly agree" that 
homosexuality is wrong. 

demographics of coUege. 
362 schools were surveyed 

by the program, which has 
been doing this sort of thing for 

Please tum to paRe 12 

Congressional Vote on 
Registration Due Thursday 

Passage Seems Certain - But Women Safe 
From the AalOCiated Press 
~AS~INGTON -President~art~'sm:aft While President Carter's plan to hav 
reglstrat~on plan , a I?~er In It~ fust women register for military service appNrS 
congressional test, faces cnbcal votes thiS week headed for defeat in Congress an obscure Ohio 
on the progr~'s future and. whether women law gives the governor pow~ to draft women 
should be registered along With men. anytime he sees fit. 

The big question is whether the 54-member -
House Appropriations Committee wiD approve ~at power: ~ back to 1.961 '!~ the 
the money the administration needs to begin OhIO law pr~vlding for an orgaru~ed ~tia wu 
registration this summer of young men, aged changed !o Include .all able-~ clbzena of 
19 and 20. the state Jnste~ of JU~~ ~ble-~ied males. 

On the other issue _ registration of women Th,: unorgaruz~ miJiha - whic~ baa not been 
_ the verdict appears certain. The House used ~ance 1862 - 1n~ludea aI.1 .<?IlIOans who are 
Armed Services Personnel subcommittee is not In the orgaruzed militia. 
expected to fulfill the prophecy of House 
leaders and vote overwhelmingly Thursday 
against women's registration. 

The outcome of the dispute over funds to 
register men seems less certain, however. 

Last week, a subcommittee of the 
Appropriations Committee voted 6-6 against 
Carter's proposal - a sharp setback to the 
administration's plans. 

Instead, the subcommittee approved only 
enough money to set up a standby system in 
which registration would not start until the 
president ordered military mobilization in an 
emerge ncr. 

The lui committee tentatively plans to meet 
either Wednesday or Thursday on the issue, 
and administration lobbyists and allies were 
working furiously to overturn the 
subcommittee's decision . 

"We will not allow the president to be 
embarr .. ed," House Majority Leader Jim 
Wright, V-Texas, vowed last week after the 
subcommittee's vote. He said he was confident 
the full committee would reverse the 
subcommittee. 

Rep. "Sonny" Montgomery, D-Miss., a 
leading proponent of registration was hopeful of 
a victory but cautioned that the vote would be 
close. 

Saxon to Warn 
About Possible 
Fee ' lncreases 

BY JOHN HONDROS 
A.oc:iate Ne_ £.di ..... 

VC President David Saxon plans to send 
letters to all students in the university and their 
parents tdling them tuition is likely if 
Proposition 9 (Jarvis II) passes in June. 

Saxon is stiD putting together the letter, which 
wiD detail how the university plans to cope with 
the possible budgetary constraints, and wiD 
send it "sometime dunn, spring quarter," 
according to Sara MoIIa, Saxon'. preas 
secretary. Please tum to pGge 12 

Today's Weather 
Today's forecast call for some rain, 

which should end by this afternoon, paving 
. . the way for clear skies tomorrow. 

Surf will be from four to seven feet, at 12-
second intervals. 

New Perspectives Goal of "Hemispheres" 
BY MARK SMITH 

A new student-produced 
magazine will begin 
publication on campus next 
quarter with the goal of 
"shaking people up." 

Founder-publisher Andy 
Caffrey, a Warren junior 
majoring in history, said the 
first issue will appear about 
April 1 and will include a 
feature on the metaphysics of 
Punk Rock, a history of 

4Afghanistan and a forum of 
opinions on US-Soviet 
relations. 

Caffrey said the first issue 
will contain about 60 pages of 
illustrated articles by 
"volunteer" reporters. 

He said the first issue will 
contain no color but that 
publication is assured by $900 
fundi~g he has received from 
SCURI and the AS. 

'1t i. not a one shot deal," 
Caffrey said. ·'Presenting the 
fint issue as a model, we wiD 
approach busine .. , both local 
and national, for advertising to 
help sustain the magazine in 
the future." 

The title of the magazine 
will be Hemispheres -
expressing the essence of the 
Caffrey ideas. 

Andy Caffrey, founder 01 'Hemilpheres, , at the typewriter. 

He says he want. to 
stimulate readers with the 
global scope of human aHairs, 
which he believes may no 
longer be confined within 
nationalistic boundaries, and 
to promote interplay between 

the logical-calculating side of 
the brain and the subjective, 
emotional and artful 
hemisphere. 

"What we want to do," 
Caffrey said, "is to challenge 
popular presumptions 10 often 

presented today as truisms, 
especially within academic 
circles. 

"In other words, we want to 
expose people on this campus 
to the wide diversity of 
perspectives that actually exist 

on vital issues before the 
public." • 

"For example, instead of 
reporting only the scientists' 
views on recombinant DNA, 
we will provide the views of, 
say, a prominent anthropolo-
gist , a Spanish literature 
professor and a pregnant 14-
year-old. 

Caffrey believes that such 
an eclectic approach will allow 
people an alternative to "blind 
acceptance" of certain 
traditional perspectives. 

"It's my own persona~ 
philosophy ," Caffrey said , 
"that the mode of thought 
emphasized at VCSD tends 
towards isolationism . The 
student is usually provided 
with only one framework, one 
way of looking at a certain 
subject. This is the sort of 
thought we want to get away 
from." 

"And, with the magazine 
format, as opposed to that of a 
newspaper, there should be 
enough space for groups of 
articles regarding one given 
issue. By printing three articles 
together, readers can compare 
the assumptions and biases of 
each, and therefore, hopefully 
gain 8 more holistic view of the 
situation. " 



1 

BY WIWAM O. BEEMAN 
Christian. doctrine baa it 

that repentance is good for 
the soul. In dealing with the 
Islamic Repubic of Iran in 
the present hostage crisis, 
President Carter may find 
that it is Rood for politics aa 
well. 
WilliGm O. Beeman, a 
Brown Unlver.ilJl anthropol. 
ogi.t, .pen' .even of the 'as' 
10 llear. livin, and .tudlling 
in Iran. H~ wrote this s.ory 
for Pacific New. Service. 

Aa the fog begins to rise 
over ne,otiations for the 
rei .. of the 50 Americans 
now hed in the embany, it 
looks more and more aa 
though the aucial factor-
the bottom line-is going to 
be whether Carter wiD 
apologize to Iran for past US 
actions in that country. 

That proposal faces 
subatantial resistance in 
W .. hinttan. for one thing, 
Carter and his advisors are 
reludant 10 accept 
responsibility for the 
behavior 01 five previous 
administrations, three of 
which were Republican. 
Moreover, an apology would 
give the lie to American 
auertions that our Iranian 
policy, however =uided, 
has alway. been on the 
best of intentions. 

But that would simply 
confirm what moll of the 
world already believes: the 
United Stales shares some 
blame for the excellel of the 
old regime. The CIA 

engineered the coup which 
placed the Shah back on the 
throne in 1953, and US anns 
made him the most powerful 
figure in the Per.ian Gulf. 

The idea of an apology is 
not new to the diplomatic 
procell. Treatiea, for 
example, often include 
language which acknow. 
ledges past abuses in the 
relations between two 
nations. In their most 
extreme form-the docu. 
ment of surrender-they 
may even extract repara-
tions, which ·amount to an 
economic apology. 

Th.,e is also established 
precedent for a more limited 
~pology by the US. The 
North Koreans required an 
admission that the spy ship 
Pueblo had violated their 

Letter to Me Editor 

Post- War Vietnam 
Proves Blame Shared 
Editor: 

Did the Committee for World Democracy actually write the 
reply (Dailll Guardian, feb. 26) to a previous letter questioning 
the fairness of the film Heart. and Minds? The tract might as well 
have been written under the aUipices -of the Vietnamese 
politburo. Ita jingoistic presentation of facts has an odd parallel in 
the American cold war rhetoric of the 195011. 

The war in Vietnam cannot be realistically delCribed as a 
simple struggle between right and wrong. Hearts and Minds 
shows well the American hypocrisy and brutality that was 
perpetrated upon Vietnam. But to assert -that the North 
Vietnamese communiata are blamelesi for this mess is sheer 
folly. Ho Chi Minh and his cohorts were not "freedom fighters" 
who believed in liberal deomocratic principles, as the committee 
implies with ita quote from their Declaration of Independence. 
'They were, in fact, hard-core RUllian-backed guerriUas who 
wished to create 8 totalitarian state with themselves at ita head 
and to foment unrest and insurrection in neighborinlJ,. nations, 
democratic and undemocratic alike. 

The proof of this lies in the recent past and the present after ' 
the North Vietnamese took control of the south. Anyon~ who 
speaks out against government policy, or even belongs to the 

'wrong ethnic group, is either forcibly "re.educated" 
exterminated or sent out to test his luck on the high sea~. 
Invasions of Cambodia and Lao. along wi,h Russian-inspired 
pro.vocations against China have cha~acterized Hanoi's foreign 
pohcy. The present government of Vietnam has confirmed the 
wont fears of the American planners who involved ua in the war. 

But the Committee for World Democracy seems to ignore all 
of the considerable faults ~ith the present Vietnamese regime. It 
attacks films on Vietnam that dare 10 show violence perpetrated 
by both sides. In short, the committee rejecta any viewpoint of 
the war that does not sanctify the small elite group of the 
Stalinists presently in control of mOIl of Indochina. Indeed, the 
name this group has chosen seems in light of their letter to be a 
textbook example of doubleapeak and deception. 

r.ORDON HOWARD 
We Like Letters 

When something you read in the newspaper or come aeroll in 
your everyday life llrik. your fancy, we have a IUfJlJealion: 
write a. about it. 1M Guardian opinion page ia your s - for 
yow 1eDer. to the editor. U. it. 

All we .. is that you please type the Ietten on • 72.apac:e 
line. 

The Dally Quanltan 

territorial waters in 1968 
before they would release its 
crew. 

But there is more than 
diplomatic language at work 
in this case. Iran and the 
United States are caught on 
the horns of a basic cultural 
misunderstanding over the 
meaning of an apology. 

Thanks in large pari to the 
emotional way in which the 
administration and the media 
have treated the hostage 
issue, Americans are prone 
to view it as a test of the 
national mettle. Instead of a 
diplomatic device, an 
apology to the Iranians is 
regarded as a kind of 
penance which runs against 
the American grain. We 
advise our sons and 
daug,hters never to 

apologize, never to make 
excuses. John Wayne and 
Vince Lombardi never 
apologized. It's something 
that Americans do with 
resentment and loathing. 
Red-faced and ashamed, we 
mumble our apologies and 
slink off into the dark, hating 
whoever it is that forces us to 
humiliate ourselves. 

Not so in Iran. Apology 
there is not an ordeal of 
recrimination for sins 
committed in the past. It is a 
watershed in a relationship, 
the beginning of a new level 
of understanding between 
two parties who have been 
estranged. Iranians desiring 
to resolve old conflicts often 
confess to horrible things that 
they never did in order to 
prove their sincerity. 

Monday, March 3, 1980 

What follows such a 
confession is a joyful 
reconciliation )Vith embraces 
and oaths of eternal loyalty. 
Afterwards, the two parties 
are closer than ever. 

Even under the regime of 
the Shah, student dissi-
dents-no matter how 
significant their crimes 
against the state-were 
welcomed back to Iran and 
tolally reinstated as citizens if 
they would make public 
confession repudiating their 
actions. The style of their ' 
confession is worth President 
Carter's notice, because it 
suggests a formula for 
reconciliation that would 
spare us humiliation as well. 

Most often, these former 
dissidents simply stated that 
they had been "led astray" 
by malevolent third parlies-
persons who were trying to 
harm them and their 
relationship with the 
government. This statement 
was usually followed by 
resolutions asserting that the 
confessor now intended to 
govern his life according to 
corre .. t principler. 

"Being led astray from the 
path," is a theme that Carter 
could probably adopt as the 
basis for a conciliatory move 
toward Iran. It would avoid 
the tricky issue of assigning 
direct responsibility for past 
sins. The Iranians would 
understand it immediately. 
The breach would be healed. 
Carter could then reassert 
US good faith with more 
credibility. 

Why Fight For System? 
Editor: 

U it is true that the oil 
companies make more moner. 
from domestic than foreign oi , 
I'd like to see more information 
on that. From what I've read 
the companies have argued 
that price·controls on domestic 
oil have curtailed their 
incentive to look for it. That's 
why they are spending a 
fortune lobbying for decontrol. 

Also, a frequent apology 
they make for their exorbitant 
profits is that the big profits are 
made overseas, not domesti-
caUy. (Thus letting us know it's 
o.k.-they're ripping off those 
foreigners, not us.) I speak 
only of the reported profits, not 
those that may be masked by 
"creative" bookkeeping. 

When one writes, as I did, 
that wars should not be fought 
for Exxon, Chase Manhattan 
or someone's political 
ambitions, the issue goes 
beyond this or that oil 
company to the question of 
who or what wars are fought 
for. I don't think anyone can 
reasonably argue that our 
foreign policy is not controlled 
by a combination of the 
interests ~sted above-i.e., 
monopoly capitalism and the 
politicians who, by and large, 
do their bidding. 

To think otherwise i. to be 
naive to an extreme. Our 
policy is not c:te.igned to 
enhance freedom and 
morality-if it were we would 
do all we could to bring 
freedom to South Africa; we 
would not support lhejunta in 
Argentina that kiUs and 
imprisons .Jews and anyOl;le to 

the left of Genghis Khan; we been articulated in the draft 
would not have overthrown a debate: that without a draft 
democratic government in young men who have been 
Chile and brought to power a economically coerced will 
iunta which buries human serve as cannon fodder . 1hese 
beings alive. are poor people, a dispropor-

The only freedom our tionate number of them black, 
foreign policy supports is the whdse only option in a 
freedom of monopoly capital depressed economy is the 
to make profits- our leaders military service. 
are not so concerned that It is a fact that most people 
Third World peoples will fall do not get bothered until their 
into Communist hands as they own interests are threatened. 
are that those peoples will Please tum 10 (1afe 11 
deny them the "right" to profit r..~~~~~~~~~~~ 

. from Third World resources. 
Another argument fre-

quently brought up in the draft 
debate is that students are 
merely indulging a passion for 
60a nostalgia. This is a rather 
bizarre conception that would 
confine social protest to one 
decade. In reality, there is not 
a single decade of US history 
in which significant protest 
cannot be found. 

True, it was only in the 
1960s that students became a 
significant pa '~ of social 
protest, but ma:rbe that has 
something to do with the fact 
that only in that decade did 
colleges open •• p to more than 
white, uppe\ ·middle cla.s 
students. In any case, this 
nation has ~ remarkably 
ahistorical con~iou.ness, and 
tile attempt tb laim that social 
protest arose, 30uriahed and 
failed forever within the lpan 
Qf one brief decade of human 
hillory is one 01 its more 
ridiculoua manifestation •. 

One more point. An 
excellent letter 10 the recent 
jllue of People's Voice 

The Daily- Guardian 
Eric Jaye 

Editor 
Kathy Huffer 

Managing Editor 
Jeff Berelford·Howe 

New. Editor 
.John Klock 
Copy Editor 
s.m Gooch 

John Hondroe 
A.aociate New. Edilon 

John H. Tarlor 
Opinion Editor 

TIm Liotta 
Sport. Edilor 
Ted Burtce 
Alb Editor 

Matthew Ciedt 
Phoco,.-aphy Editor 

U!IIip&d .. .......... 
.... view. T::. __ 
edi&oriIIl bc.rd 01 n. IWIr 
Guar4lan. Th. Dall, 
Guar41an i. publi.h ... 
Monde, IhN Friliay dwiIIt 
1M ...... echoal ,..., by 
......... aI the thMniIy 01 
c.IiIarnia. s.n DiIp. For 
,"iI.rial or bu.in ... 
....... , mil 452·MM. 

• 

pointed out what hu seldom I.:ii~iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~ 

Soviet.s, Chinese Both 
Reject Afghan Plan 

Soviet and Chinese Karmal to investigate the 
commentators reacted coldly disturbances. 
to international proposals to The violent protests .in 
create a neutral Afghanistan, Kabul were crushed by SovIet 
but for different reasons. and Afghan troops. The 

A senior Soviet commenta- Russians were sent into 
tor lumped Western European Afghanistan in ~ate December 
appeals for Afghan neutraliza. and took part In a coup ~at 
tion together with U.S. rep.lace~ one pro-SovIet 
demands for a Soviet troop regune WIth another. They are 
pull 0 uta s "p 01 i ti c a I helping the Kab~ governm~nt 
decorations" concealing a battle the anti-communist 
Western plot "against peace Moslem rebels. . . 
and for a return to the cold Moscow and Kabul drum 
war." the United States, China, 

The Chinese commentary Britain, Pakistan and others 
said ,"no one is in a position to are arming and training the 
interfere with Afghan affairs, rebels. These countries have 
which can be handled by the denied the charges. 
Afghan people themselves 
alone." It also repeated 
Peking's demands that the 
Soviets withdraw their troops 
from the Central Asian nation, 
now estimated at 75 ,000 men . 

Radio Kabul said in a 
broadcast last night thai the 
Afghan government released 
! 12 persons arrested after 
anti·Soviet rioting in the 
capital Feb. 22-23. The 
broadcast, monitored in 
Islamabad , Pakistan, said the 
prisoners were released at the 
urging of a commission set up 
by Afghan President Babrak 

A report from rebel sources 
in the southwestern province 
of Kandahar said Soviet 
aircraft attacked a mosque at 
Kherqa Mubarak, killing 50 
Moslems who were mourning 
four relatives killed earlier in a 
Soviet artillery attack. There 
was no independent confirma· 
tion of the report. 

There had been a series of 
apparent Soviet signals in 
recent days indicating the 
Kremlin might favor some 
kind of compromise to end the 
Afghan crisis. 

. THIRD PLACE 
is now open 

SIT 109 Study Skills Group M/W 6-8 pm 
How to Study for Science Thurs 3-5 pm 

Militants Free 
Some Hostages 

BOGOTA, Colombia -
Leftist militants holding the 
Dominican Republican 
Embassy freed five of their 
estimated 41 hostages 
yesterday after their 
negotiators met for the first 
time with Colombian 
government officials. 

U.S. Ambassador Diego C. 
Asencio and 15 other foreign 
envoys were still being held 
and an official at the U.S. 
Embassy who asked not to be 
identified said of the leftists 
"They'll keep the big ones." 

It was not immediately clear 
when the talks would resume, 

or if any other hoatages would 
be released lOOn. 

Tito Still 
Really Sick 

BELGRADE, Yugoslavia 
- Doctors of gravely ill 87-
year-old Presid nt Josip Broz 
Tito said yesterday his heart 
had weakened further in a new 
general deterioration of his 
fragile health. 

The presidential medical 
panel said it was continuing 
what it called "indispensable" 
intensive care measures for the 
man who has been Yugoslav-
ia's president for 35 years. 

Tito was confined for the 
51st day at the Ljubljana 
Clinical Center in Slovenia, 

Students with experience 
and interest in editing, 
layout and copy work to 
help create and publish 
the new, updated (1980) 

UC Student Handbook. 

Apply at the 
Student Employment 

0fIIce 

suffering from heart and 
kidney weakneslel, pneumo· 
nia and an unde.cribed 
bleeding problem. 

Ford: Reagan 
Cannot Win 

LOS ANGELES - Former 
President Gerald R. Ford says 
that Ronald Reagan cannot 
win the presidency because he 
is too conservative and that he 
would himself become a 
candidate if offered a ''broad-
based" invitation from the 
Republican Party. 

Ford said he would have to 
make up his mind about 
entering the presidential race 
by April Fool's Day. 

UCSD 
Budget Numbers 

accepted 



f ' The Datly Guardian 

LINKABIT CORPORATION, 
SAN DIEGO 

HAS A CAREER FOR YOU IN 
SPACE & SATELLITE 
COMMUNICATIONS 

Manday, March 3, 1980 

LlNKABIT offers you an opportunity to challenge and expand your abilities; to take advantage 
of exceptional career growth and personal reward opportunities; and to work in an environ-
ment where innovation and individual perform'Vlce are directed, encouraged and recognized 
by outstanding professionals. 
Located near the University of California, San Diego, our facility offers ready access to SaQ 
Diego's beaches, recreational and cultural offerings. 
LlNKABIT continues to build its reputation as a pacesetter in communication system research, 
development, design and implementation. Our rapid growth has created openings for indivi-
duals with interests and backgrounds in: 

• COMMUNICATION SYSTEM DESIGN 
• MICROPROCESSOR BASED COMMUNICATION 

COMPONENTS 
• DIGITAL SIGNAL PROCESSING 1, 
• COMMUNICATION AND INFORMATION THEORY 
• RFDESIGN 
• LOGIC DESIGN 
• REAL-TIME SOFTWARE DESIGN 
• MICROPROCESSOR ARCHITECTURE . 
• TECHNICAL MANAGEMENT 
• POWER SUPPLY DESIGN 
• PACKET SWITCHING 
• COMMUNICATION NETWORKS 
LlNKABIT Corporation is-engaged in the development, design and manufacture of communi-
cations systems and components primarily for satellite and space application. 
LlNKABIT was founded 11 years ago by a group of communication engineers. Since then, we have 
grown to a company of over 430 employees, including a growing number of UCSD engineers. 
Franklin Antonio Patrick Lee Allen Shumate 
Michael Aird Anna Scharschmidt David Austin 
Dave Collins Andrew Pavelchek Gillian Ackland 
William Morris Dr. lIan Rothmuller . Dr. John Jay Kaufman 
Nancy Cohn Peter Pardee 
Dr. Ame Mortensen James Hobza 
IF YOUR CAREER OBJECTIVES MATCH OUR OPENINGS, DISCUSS YOUR PROFESSIONAL FUTURE 
WITH US AT OUR ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS SCHEDULED FOA 

MDN •• MARCH 1 0 
Should you be unable to meet with us, please send your resume to 

Mlch.el Lubin, Director of Administration. 

LINKABIT CORPORATION. 
1 0453.Aos.U. St,.t San Diego, Ca. 92121 

An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Aotlon Employer 

* Others with relevant backgr'ounds wclcorne, too! 

Monday, March 3, 1980 The Dally Guardian 

NCAA-Tournament Lineup Se~ 
UCLA, 3 Other Pac-IO Teams In Competition; Games Start Saturday 

The NCAA announced bids for its men's 
basketball toumament yeslerday, taki~ four Pac-l 0 
teams and three Califomia schools (UCLA, San Jose 
St. and Loyola-Marymounl) 10 fill up itl 48 team 
field. 

AI Tempe, Arizona: UCLA-Old Dominion 
(Virginia) winner VI. DePaul; Arizona Slate· Loyola-
Marvmount winner VB. Ohio Slate. 

Tennessee-Furman 'winner VI. Maryland. 
At Providence, Rhode Island: Villanova-

Marquette winner vs. Syracuse; lona-Holy Croll 
winner VS. Georgetown. The semi-finals and finals will be in Tucson, 

Arizona March 13 and 15. The semi·finals and finals wiD be in Philadelphia 
March 14 and 16. MIDWEST for the firat lime, the NCAA decided nollo place 

teams in the four regional tournaments baled on 
geographical considerations. ~onsequen.t1y, DePaul 
University of Chicago 15 the first seed In the Wesl 

At Lincoln Nebraska: Missouri-San Jose State 
winner vs. Notre Dame; Kansas State· Arkansas 
winner vs. Louisville. 

MIDEAST 
At Lafayette, Indiana: Walhington State-Ivy 

League Champion (Penn or Princeton) VI. Duke; 
Purdue-laSalle winner vs. St. John's. Regional . . Other first seeds are Kentucky (Mideast), 

Louisiana State (Midwest) and Syracuse (East). 

At Denton , Texas: Alcorn-South Alabama w!nner 
vs. Louisiana State; Texas A & M-Bradley wmner 
vs. North Carolina. At Bowling Green, Kentucky: Aorida State-Mid 

American Champion (Toledo or Bowling Green) VI 
Kentucky; Virginia Tech-Western Kentucky winner 
vs. Indiana. 

The first two rounds of the tournament to be 
played this weekend 

The semi-finals and finals will be in Houston 
March 14 and 16. 

• ~T 
EAST , At Ogden, Utah: Clemson-Utah State win~~r VS. 

Brigham Young; Weber State-Lamar (loUiSIana) 
.. winner vs. Oregon State. 

At Greensboro North Carolina: Iowa· Virginia 
Commonwealth ~inner VI. North Caro~na State; TIle semi-finall wili be in Lexington, Kentucky March 13 and 15. 

Registration Date Near JUDA Day Recycle 
this 
Newspaper 

-

a mailbox. POltage is free. Voler registration for lhe June 3 
election will be open until May 5, the 
registrars announced. 

Voter registration cards may be · 
obtained from the registrar of voters at . 
5201-1 Ruffin Road, Box 23044, San 
Diego: CA, 92123 or may call the 
registrar's office at 565-5800. 

Students who have moved lhould 
a110 notify the Registrar before May 5. 

The Union of Jewish Students will 
hold its Jewish Unity Day of 
Awareness of March 6 from noon to 
4 at the Main Gym steps. 

Peace Corps Here JUDA will be a day of cultural and political events aimed at informing 
the campus and community about 
Israel and Judailm. Voters who have not yet registered 

may also obtain voter registration 
~rds at the department of motor 
vehicles, city clerks' office I, post 
offices and county libraries. Voterl 
should fill out the card and drop in into 

Peace Corps and VISTA 
(Volunteers in Service To Americ~) -
both marking anniversaries dunnlil JUDA activities will include Israeli dancing, speakers on Israd and the 

Jewish herilase, rallying and linging. 
Food will be sold at this event. 

March . ~i11 visit the campus on March 
10-12 as part of a Southern Califprnia 
student awareness effort. 

• resslons 
• 

Rising cost of gold 
got you down? 

Stop by and 
see our 

24 Karat 
~_ T-Shlrtl ____ 

1030 G. Torrey Pines Rd., La Jolla 454-8006 

OASIS 
SECOND 
STORY 

GRAMMAR 
MOSES 

is waiting for your call... 

2pmto4pm 
Mon~Fri 

ASK 
GRAMMAR 
MOSES 
A GRAMMAR 
QUESTION 

GRAMMAR HOTLINE 
Office of Academic Suppa" & Instructional Services 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES $150 
Includes compl ete eye ftlftmlflstlon Inc!ud ng lonometr 't lanse., Iii' ~ ""UI~ U~) 

training CAre kit ~nd 'oIIOW up Ylslts - compl8tA '1U :lrl(1 tlur ri {hHrQ8~ 

Beware of the qUick eye examination and contact lens fit. It may be too quick. The best eye examlnat~ and 
cootact 1~"'ittin~J9 paJnSlekJng, methodi!=ll. thorough. and consists of ,numerous tests. A, mlntmum 
number of,4 viSits Is ?equired to achieve a proper fit . Our office is equipped With Ihe most sophls~lcated . ad· 
vanced and computerized instrumentation in the world In order to achieve the best eye eKamlnalion and 
wontact lens fitting possible , 
All contact lens fiting include a written agreement that allows you to ret~rn your contacts and receive a r&-
fund at your discretion with a specific periqcl of time. 
If you've been thinking aboul contacts. visit San Diego's most technologically·advanced optometric office 
today. Our large library of lenses allows us to send you home with your new contacts the same day they are 
fitted in most cases. 
call today for an appointment, free consultation or information packet explaining soft. flexible. hard, toric 
(for correction of astigmatism) 50ft. and extended wear (24·hour) contact lenses, 

Dr. D. A.. !tori"'. I A_la' •• , 
Optornetrla'i 

1939.Grand Avenue • Pacific Beach, CA • 272·22t 1 

Maslercharge and VISA accepted 



The Guardian 

Entertainment 
1lJESDAY 
10:00 • 4:00 pili - Soviet Reluaeanik and Dissident Day. Tables 
d be at Revelle and Muir with information and petitions on the 
dJiecta 01 Soviet Jewry and the Diuidents. Come join student! from 
thrqhout the Weal in marlUnt this day. Sponsored by UNOn of 
JewiIh Studenu. 
1:00 pili - Atomic Cale . forum for new worlcs by UCSD araduate 
....... Location: M8IIdeviIIe Recilal H ... 

WEDfiiE!DA Y 
2130 • 4:30 ... - TIWd CoIIeae commuter lludenta' study break. 
T .. lime N from aludyinc and join other commuten lor free 

. 1 ....... 1 ... and a aood time. Sponaored by the Third CoIIeae 
. COIIIIIIUIIr BoaId. Locadan: C .... for die People (ThnI ~e 
to.-). 
4cOO .... - UCSD New Poelry Sen. readint, Ie ...... Chariea 
WrithL Location: R.veIe fotmal Lo .... 
IcOO ... - UCSD Jazz EnI8llblee Concert cIirec:ted by J_ 
a-.ham. I...ocaIion: M....tede Audiloriurn. 

~Y 
12:00 ..... ~1C8t UCSD bMd concert, Wiliam p-a, 
cIiredGr, l..oCIIbon: Mancleville ReciIaI Hal. 
12:00 ..... The Nili F .... Dancen. Come '" this exquilile poupin a ..... MIecIion 01 JewiM dane •. P-, 01 JUDA. 
.... Loc:.IiaII_IIII· .... (ly ....... . 
12:00 .... - Rater Revele Birthday Party. Rocer is 71 ye.s 
,.... f,.. birthday cake and baIIon.. L.oc:.tion: Revele PlazA. 
12:00 .... - JUDA - .JewiIh Unity Day 01 Awarenaa. Come 
alebrale 4000 ~ 01 JewiIh cuIIure. JewiIh food. music. dance, 
boab, ........... _ community infonilllbon. Noon 10 3 pm 
atlJlft ...... 310 7 pm IntIrnIIIionaI Center~ 7:30 and 10:00 pm 
.-vie: TIw 0... Fi .. ($1.50). Sponsored by Union oI.lewiah 
StudenIa, IerMI Action CoINIIittee, I ...... Folkdance Club. Hebrew 
Club and ASUCSD. 
7:30 and 10:00 pn - Movie: rite Ode .. a File. From the.maah 
....... novel. this movie wilatartJe you! T Jekels 51 .50 at student 
center box office. For _ info call 452·3616 or 452-EDNA. 
s,.o--ed by die Union of Jewish Students and the ASUCSD as 
.... oldle.Jewiah Unity Day of Awareness (JUDA). Location: USB 
2722. 

Meetings 
MONDAY 
3:00 pm - PLEA meeting. cona .... tional convention. Location: 
Revele formal Lounp. 
3:00 pm - Israel Action Committee - help formulate activities for 
aprins qlllll'ler_ For more info call 452·3616. Location: Revelle 
Informal Lounge. 
4:00 pm .:.. CalPlRG • Location: CaIPIRG KSDT officc. All 
welcome. Get involved!!! 
7:00 pm - Surfing Club and Team meeting. Mandalory for team. 
membera. NSSA Black's Beach Invitational coming up lOOn. Try. 
oula SlIIurday. Loc(ltion: HSS 2150. . 

nJESDAY 
12:00 - 2:00 pm - Re-entry students group· info""al me~ing 
over lunch. Returning-to-school adults invited to get to know each 
other. share the UCSD experience. Location: Walk's Pub. 
4:00 pm - Warrcn CoOegc Media. Arts & Promotions Board 
Meeting. Location: 405 Warren College. 
4:30 pm - Reg Fee Convnittee Meeting - Car!er Planning and 
Placement and Off·Campus Serviceli Budgets will be discussed. 
Location: Student Affairs Conference Room Building B . 
6:30 pm - Union of Jewi.h Students meeting. Therc will be 
something to eat at this one, we promise. Call 452-3616 for more 
info. Location: Chancellor's CompleK, Room B. 
WEDNESDAY 
3:00 pm'- Meeting of PLEA (Pre Law Education Association) for 
stuclenls interested in law as a career. Location: Revelle Informal 
Lounge. 
6:00 pm - Circle "K" Club meeting. Projects to be discuued will 
be Special Olympics, visitation to Cloister's Convalescent HOlpital. 
and future topics of interest. Location: Revelle Informal Lounge. 
6:00 pm - Recycling Co.op: we've recycled 15 tons of paper this 
qua-ter. Come for pilZll and refreshments and see what'. going on. 
Location: Student Game Room Lounge. 
6:30 pm - ASUCSD Council Meeting. Location: North 
Conference Room. . 
8:00 pm - Residence HaD Board meeting. Location: Upper 
Outback (Warren Donna) 

THURSDAY 
5:00 pm - Che .. Club meetil1ll and cheaa practice game •. all are 
welcome. Location: North Conference Room. 
5:00 pm - Wa-ren Commuter Board meeting. All interested 
student. wekome! Location: Warren CoDeae 405. 
&00 • 9:00 pm - Potluck dinner: All A,ians welcome. Sponsored 
by Asian American Student Alliance. Location: Center 01 the 
People. Third College. 
7100 pIII- DARK STAR,,,es DARK STAR, IS UCSD·. only 

Science fICtion dub. We 18. about SF • .how movies, and film 
rRO¥iea. If you're interelled, come to our meeting and check UI out. 
We meet in the Revele Informal Lo ..... next to the book coop. Be 
lhIrel 

FRIDAY 
12:00 noon - Noon concert in recoanition of International 
Women's Day . Featuring a five piece ALL WOMEN rock n' 
roD/.wing band called MS. BEHAVIN' - .ponaored by Third 
College Program Board and the UCSD Women', Caucus. Come 
celebrate with your .isterl. Location: Third College Quad. 
4:00 pm • UCSD New Poetry Series reading, featuring Ted 
Greenwald. Location: Revelle Formal loWlIfe. 
7:00 pili - Film: Rebellion in Po/alonia. "A .tunnina period 
piece. giowil1ll with a sense of time and plece. .. 1t should be seen nol 
only .. note worthy cinematic accomplishment but .. an important 
document on the history of this hemiaphere." .Judith Crist. Saturdau 

~1Ifew. "A political fibn 01 unUJUaf artistry. inteIIiaence and 
power." William Wolf. CUE. "A fint·rate fiIm ..• A chilling 
portrayal". Walter Spencer, Wo.- racio. Location: TLH 107 . 
8:00 pm - DiIcuaion 01 Viennese Mutic by letendary composer. 
Ernst Krenek. Localion: Mandev1Ie Recital Hall. 
9:00 pili' micIniiM • Revele Birthday Buh· dance outdoon with 
1_ beer and pepIi. A $20 prize for the best "birthday suit" worn. 
localion: Central Uni¥enity Library. 

SA1lJRDAY 
Be,innina boxina ... actice. Contad John Toth (453-5292). 
Locaaion: WreatIintr room. 

SlN)AY 
8:00 pm - Andrew Pulley. candidate 01 the Socialist Workers 
Party lor President of the United Slates. wiU appear at San Diego 
State Univenity Student Center, Cua Real. He wiD apeak on "How 
to Stop the Draft". the economic criaia in the United States. and 
"Why American Woriten Need a Labor Party." 

WEDNESDAY THRU SATURDAY 
8:00 pm - Fanahm by David Hare: A powerful and compel~ng 
social drama which chronicles the convnunist revolution in China in 
1949. and the difficuh transition between the old and new political 
systema. Tickets are available at the UCSD Theatre ticket office. or 
call 452·4574. Location: UCSD Theatre, Warren Campus. 
Admission: $2.50 students, $4.00 general admiuion. 

SA TURDA Y AM> SUNDAY 
8:00 pm (Sat) and 3:00 pm (Sun) - Program of Viennese Music 
. La Jolla Civic/University Symphony, conducted by Thomas Nee 
and Chorus directed by David Chase. Works by Schoenberg, 
Mahler, Krenek. Location: Mandeville Auditorium. Admillion: 
Students· $2, and General Public · $4. 

Religious 
MONDAY 
12:00 noon - Bible study. Student Center Lounge . upstairs. 
1:00 pm - Calvary Chapel Home Bible Study. "0 taste and see 
that the Lord is good; how bleued is the man who takes refuge in 
him!" Psalm 34:8. Come break up your Monday with good 
fellowship and God's word. Check it out. Location : North 
Conference Room . 

TUESDAY 
12:00 noon - ' 'Portrails of Faith". " Dietrich Bonhoeffer " 
presented by Campul Putor Lea Atkinson. Bring a lunch · coffee 
provided. Location: Informal Lounge, Revelle College. Sponsored 
by Office of Religiou. Affairs. 
3:00 pm - LDSSA Old T es"'ment clalS. Location: LDS 
Institutute acrosa the .treet from Muir campus. 
7:00 pm - Come to the School of Christian Studies, by Campus 
Crusade for Christ. serving the spiritual need. of UCSD .tudenb. 
Super fellow. hip and teaching. Everyone welcome! Location: HSS 
1330. 
7 :30 pm - "Facing Life and Death with a Living Hope," presented 
by Campus Pastor John Huber in the lounge of Univenity Lutheran 
Church (acro .. the street from Urey Hall parking lot.) Everyone i. 
welcome. 
9:00 pm - Bible .tudy. Univenity Lutheran Church. 

ntURSDAY 
3:00 pm - LDSSA Old Testament Clall. Location: LDS Institute 
aero .. the street from Muir campus. 

SAllJRDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic rna .. at Univerlity Lutheran Church. 

SlM)AY 
8:00 am - Catholic mass at Univcrsity Lutheran Church. 
10:00 un - Lutheran Fold rna .. with IUitar. University Lutheran 
Chlrch. 9595 La Jolla Shores Or. at North Torrey Pines Road. 
10:30 un - Catholic mass at University Lutheran Church. 
12 __ - Episcopal Eucharists, University Lutheran Church, 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
5:00 pm - Catholic _ at University Lutheran Chun:h. 

l\JESI)A Y _ Camping tours in Europe and Overland in Africa. !-ilm 
show. Discuuion to follow. Location: International Center. Noon • 1:00 pm - Contraceptive Education Sealion: Inl, .... ...., 

diKuuion; aU muat attend to receive birth contro1 MrYices 
are encourapd to attend as well. No appt neceaury, located 
conference room at the UCSD Student Health Cenler. 
7:00 pm - OehMe: J..-viI II (Prop. 9). ita ;u.tilicalion 
c~ (wiltuilion be railed $1500 next yeV?) Is the 
Simplicity Act a viable alternative. Come find out! Hear 
COWICinan Fred Sc:hnaubeIt and IIudent debate TSA 
John.lhon Lewis and student Linda SIIbo. Sponsored by 
and CCSA. Location: USB 2722. 

Y 
_ "Zionism and anti·Zionism." A talk by noted political 

conMJltant, John Rothman. Don't mial it! Part of JUDA. 
Gym steps. 

_ DenniI Pra.,er (lecturer. author, director of the 
lJeI.oalrum Institute) on ~Is Zion ..... replacing Judaism?" This 

be one 01 the hitrhlights of JUDA. Location: International 

Rt!llJI'o~uclive Medicine Seminar: "The Pineal Gland 
WEDNESDAY . f!proaUCIIOl1 . Speaker: L.W. COK. MD. Prof ofOB &GYN. 
12:00 • 1:00 pm - Contraceptivc Education Seuion: Adelaide, Adelaide, South Africa. Location CTF Conf 
discuuion; all must attend to receive birth control aervic:es and , 8-205. 
are encourapd to attend .. well. No appt neceaury. located in pm _ Chemical· Physics Seminar: "The Ant in ~e Labyrinth: 
conference room at the UCSD Student Health Center. Conductivity and Diffusion are Related In Random 
4:00 pm - Organic/lnoraanic Seminar: "Pericyclic ReJlctions,. ,ogelneoul Media. Speaker: Prof. Joseph P . Straley. Chem 
Organic Polyenea". Speaker: Prof. Kenneth J. Shea. UC State University. East Lansing. Michigan. 
TLH 104. Bonner Hall 2105. 
7r30 r.m - Lecture: "Plate Tectonics and San Diego', 
Future', At a special request of the Scripps Aquarium Associat"IIA 
Prof. Joseph Curray will repeat his very popular talk on noon _ Biochemistry Seminar: "Glycoprotein Hormones : 
nature of California. Come discover what California ' wiD Molecules with Different Funtions. Speaker: Prof. John 
and whcre San Diego wal be 50 million years from today. Biological Chemistry Dept, UCLA. Location : Basic Science 
the pubk Location: Sumner Auditorium, SIO campus. 2100 . 
7:30 pm - Sports Medicine and Osteopathic Manipulation . .9:00 pm (Friday) & 9:30· 9:00 pm (Saturday) - The 

. Lee Rice, team physician of the San Diego Chargers speaks on NKA R Student Society will be holding a Regional Seminar of 
specialty of sporta medicine and the unique skills an art, poetry. dance and lecture atthe La ~o~la Village Inn off I . 
physician can apply to that medical practice. Location: . night is free admission and the publ~ IS welcome. There 
Auditorium. Free achiasion. an admiuion on Saturday. for further mfo: 454·8630. 

• rVlces Academ 
MONDAY THRU FRJDA Y . 11 :00 am - Revelle Humanitiel Asaignment Brainstorm: 
OASIS Writing Center offers free service for all UCSD student. clas. for Revelle student. enrolled in Humanities 
need pre-writing help, conferences on draft., and editing B . Wierschin. Preparation for writing directed at your 
engage any kind of writing and any kind of writing assignment. Clas. me~. in 4070 USB'. Sponsored by 
452·2284 after 8: 15 am to schedule an appointment Writing Center. 
4070 8:30-4:30 pm. Conference. are abo available . 5:00 pm _ Study skills for the sciences and trigonomic 
pm at 4070 USB, and Sundays &8 pm at The Third Place (acrossllnn. review. Location: Oasis Third Place, Third College. 
from the Munch Box. Third College). _ Change your life this Thursday aftemoon at the world· 
10 am - 3 pm - OASIS TARGET SKILLS Seminar San Diewo Meditation dub!! Dr. Frederick Lenz. noted 
How to Study for Finals every hour on the hour from 10 am· 3 authority on medi"'tion, will conduct this week's 
4010 USB. Individual instruction available. Call 452·2284 or in Intermediate Medi"'tlon. All wekome. PrevIous 
by 4010 USB for more information. Services are free. experience not necessary. Location: HSS 1128. 
FOCUS! peer counselors are here to listen. Call us. We're is free. 
eo<ery night from 7·11 pm. 452-4455. 

MONDAY 

The Guardian 7 

Recreation 
MONDAY 
3 :00 - 5:00 pm - Lacrosse Club practice Revelle Field. 
3:30 - 5:00 pm - J ltdo Club practice WrestGng Rm .. Main Gym . 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics Club sponsors open workouts 
Monday·Friday , 4-6 pm. in the South Balcony of the Main Gym. 
Any UCSD aHaiates interested in joining us are welcome! 
4:00 - 6:00 pm - TableT ennis Club mem today for open play in 
the Rec. Conference Room. 
5:00 pm - Karate Club practice North Balcony. Main Gym. 
5:00 - 7:00 pm - Yaga Club ~ing Adaptive Rm. Main Gym. 
6:30 • 8:00 pm - Aikido Club practice. Wrestling Room. 
8:00 pm - laraeli Folk Dancing. Rec. Coni. Rm. 

1lJESI)AY 
2:30 pm - Men's baseball vs. USD. away. 
3:00 • 5:00 pm - Ultimate Friabee practice Revelle F"Jeid. 
3:30 pm - Women', softball vs. Loyola.Marymount. Wwren 
Fields. 
4:00.5:00 pm - Korean Korate practice, North Balcony , Main 
Gym: 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics Club open supervised workout in 
the South Bakony of the Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - Karate l.Iub practice North Bakony , Main Gym. 
5:00 - 5:45 pm - Judo Club practice, Wrestling Room. 
5:00 - 6:30 pm - The Bellydancing Club is now meeting ea~h 
Tuesday, 5·6:30 pm. in the Rec Conf Rm. A grcat way to stay In 
shape! 
6:00 pm - Badminton vs. CSULA, away. 

WEDNESDAY 
3:00 - 5:00 pm - Lacrosse Club practice Revelle Field. 
3:30.5:00 pm - Judo Club practice Wrcstling Room 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Table Tennis Club open play Rec Coni Rm. 
New players always welcome! 
4:00 - 6 :00 pm - Gymnastics Club .ponsors open upervised 
workouts for all you former gymnast enthusiasts. Join us in the South 
Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:00 - 7 :00 pm - Yoga Club meeting Adaptive Room, Main 
Gym. ., 
5:00 - 7 :00 pm - Ballet Folklorico Club meets at the Outback 
Cale, Warren Campus, acrOis from Childcare Center. 
6:30 - 8:00 pm -Aikido Club practice Wrl!Stling Room. 
7:00 pm - "Square Dancing". Sign up in advance at. the door of 
the Warren Apt. Join the fun and learn the basIcs! Locabon: War~en 
Apt. Rec Center. Admission: 50(. 

THURSDAY 
2:30 pm - Men's baseball vs. LA Baptist College, away . 
2 :30 pm - Women's tennis vs. USIU. Muir courta. 
3;00 pm _ Women's softball vs. Point Loma College, Warren 
Fields . 
3 :00 • 5:00, pm - Ultimate frisbee Club practice, Revelle Field. 
3: 15 pm - Badminton vs. Grossmont College, away . 
4 :00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics Club sponsors open supervilled 
workouts. South Balcony of the Main Gym . . 

5 :00 pm - Karate Club practice North Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:00 . 5 :45 pm - Judo Club practice. Wrestling Room. 
8:00 • 10:00 pm - JutCgling Club pradicea each Thursday in the 
wrestling room. Main Gym. 
8:30 pm - Racquetball Club Nil/hi at Black Moun",in Racquetball 
Club, 9·11 pm. $1.00. Meet at Urey Han mailboK at 8:30 pm lor 
carpooling. All levell of play wekome. 

FRIDAY 
2:00 • 3:00 pm - Synchronized Swimming Club meets today at 
the Pool. 
2:00 - 5 :00 pm - BoKinlC Club rneeb in wreallintl room. ALIo. 
oIher workout times available. 
3 :00 - 5:00 pm - LIk.'foue Club pradice. Rc.veUc F".eId. 
4:00 - 6:00 pm - Table Tennis Club meets for open play in the 
Rec Conf Room. New Players always welcome! 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics aub ho.t. open IUperviled 
IIYmna.tic. workout. daily in the South Balcony. Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - Karate Club pradice. North Bakony, Main Gym. 
5:00 • 6:30 pm - Gung Fu Club meet. in Adaptive Room, Main 
Gym. 
7 :30 pm - Men', voHeylutH vs. UC Riveraide. Main gym. 

SATURDAY 
Boxinte for beginners every Saturday in the WreltGnl/ room. Contad 
John Toth for more informat ion. 
9:00 • 11:00 am - Ballet Folklori<.:o meet. at the Outba~k Cafe. 
W wren Campus, across from Childcare Center. 
9 :00 am - Men's tennis va. Harvey-Mudd. Muir courts. 
11 :00 am - Women's tennis VI . cripps College. away. 
11 :00 am - Men's baseball VI. Awza Pacific. away . 
11 :00 am - Women's ru!(by vs. LonK Beach, local. 
12:00 noon· 2:00 pm - Ultimate Friiibee Club pradice, Revelle 

Field. 
1:00 pm - Men's ru!(by vs. Pomona, local. 
1:00 pm - Men's & women's track va. Cal Tech. away. 

SUNDAY 
10:00 _ 12 noon - Synchronized Swimming Club meets today at 
the pool. 

THURSDAY THRU SATURDAY 
All Day . NAIA Swimminl( ChampiolllShips in Wisconsin. 

Friday & Saturday 
Women's fencing Weslern ReKionals. Stilnford . 

Saturday & Sunday 
Sailinl( . South Series. Santa Barbara . 

9:00 ·9:50 am - Revelle Humanities Asaignmenl 0r,~~::,~;::;.-----------------.-..,.....-I L..:..--------.:....------.......,---------------------------... 
Small group da.. for Revelle students enro lied in I-
Sequence 12B . Hughes. Preparation for writing directed at 
particular assignment. Class me~s in 4070 USB. Sponsored 
OASIS Writing Center. 
6:00 ·8:00 pm - SIT lOB study group. Location: TlUrd 

11.JESDAY 
9:00 - 9:50 am - Revelle Humanities Assignment Hrallosllornl:1 
Small group cia.. for Revelle students enrolled in Mllmann"". 
Sequence 12B - Pippin. Preparation for writing 
particular asaignment. Class me~s in 4070 usa :-.rv .... ulrea 
OASIS Writing Center. 
4:30 pma - Campus Black Forum. Location: Third 
Provost's Conference Room 126. 

WEDNESDAY 
6:00 • 8:00 ' pm - SIT lOB study group. Location: Third 
Third College. 

1liURSDAY 
8:30 • 1:00 pm - Field trip to Kaiser Permanente Medical Center · 
Clairernont Blvd . Sign·up in advance required. Limited Space. Meet 
at CP&P oflice. 
9:00 • 10:00 un - Revelle Humanitiea A .. ianment Brainstorm: 
Small group cia.. for Revelle students enrolled in Humanitiel 
sequence 11 B . Chodorow. Preparation for writi"" directed at your 
particular auianment. CI ... meets in 4070 USB. Sporwored by 
OASIS Writing Center. 

,. 

CAREER PLANNING & PLACEMENT'S 

~GANIC CHEMIST: $1Z00/ mo + DOE; BS in chemistry & 
chemistry 199 individual research. (6876) 

ENVIRONMENTAL MONITORING SPECIALIST: $1450-
$1650/ mo DOE; Bachelor'S or Master's in Anthropology, 
Archeology, Biology, Geology. or Paleontology . (TBA) 

COMPUTER PROGRAMMERI ANALYST: $20K/ year; 
degree not required. (TBA) 

CUI .. " IVINII • MlIOUNC •• '" 
TOUR TO KIRKLAND AIR FORCE BASE 
Seniors and Juniors in Engineering and Physical Sciences fly. in a 
T-43 Boeing 737 to Kirkland Air Force Base as a I!uest at ~hc 
Air Force for a tour of the base. A trip you won't wi.nt to mlSl . 
We will depart from Miramar NAS on Sunday. Apn120. 1980 
at 3:00 pm and return to San Diego at 6:00 pm on Monda". 
April 21 . Space is limited - so r~rve your seat now!! M ~st ~. 
US citizen. For ddaill, please ~ up in t~ Career PL1nnml! &. 
Placement office before Tu y. March 4, to iCuarantt.'C .. 
reservation. 

.. 

otis Ie events . 
This is a sampling of opportunities listed with areer Plannmg 
& Placement as of last Wednesday morning. Visit us at the 
Studenr Center. Bldg. B. WE ARE HERE TO HELP! 

PMf·" Summer employment: Various positions; salary depends on 
position; 6 weeks. (1869) 

Models: Salary TBA; summer or FT. (1908) 
Tembrary Customs Inspector: $5.4l1hr; rotational summer 

sc edule - all shifts. (1909) 
I Instructors: Salary TBA; Hrs. and days TBA. (1924) 

Tutor: Salary open; Hrs + days TBA. (1923) 

r 

Interior Design Sales: $3. lO/ hr to start +medical insurance; 20 
hrs/ wk TBA. (1915) 

.. JIll ... 
Summer Work Study program in Mental Health: $1(x)() 

stipend; 10 weeks/summer; any undergraduate in any field of 
study. (TBA) 

Staff Enginttr: $5 .00/ hr minimum: up to 20 hrs week now; FT 
I summer. Jr. or SR: EE. computer science w/ dectronics 

I 
background. (ZE- 3900) 

Summt!r Int~rnship : $950·$1050 month DOE; June-August; 
. all academic disciplines. (Z-3907) __ 
, 

"-P , . : 
. 



Trilan catch. Jim MoIfatt wait. for relay in UCSD'. 17.4 Jo. 
to USD .... tier this ......,. UCSD wiD vilit the TorerOi thia 
T .... , in ..... 01 repininc their winnint waY' and .v"" 
the Feb. 12th cWeaL 

Triton Nine Loses 2 
Close Games 

BYTIMUOTTA 
5pertI Editor 

Even though cold winter was the Biola bats which 
wind. whipped acroll woke up in the ninth nailing 
Ol.en field Saturday Nicholson for two runs. 
ahernoon, it was the Biola Nicholson has been 

~ge Easrlea which gave plagued by lack of lU~port 
the UCSD lla.eball team a from the re.t of the Triton 
cold up in the face, lineup in each of hislasuwo 
.weeping . ~ doubleheader outin,.s. The Tritons 
from the TntOlll, 2·0 and 8· haven t pushed a single run 
6. The Tritlth record across the plate and have 
dropped to 6-4 but more only managed seven hits. aIa~ingly, they opened Yet, Nicholson manages to 
their league play at 0·2. keep the Triton. in the 

In the fint game Triton garnes, allowing only three 
senior Tom Nicholson and runs and nine hits in hi. last 
Biola's Jim Price Iquared 16 inning. for a 2.00 ERA. 
off in a c1auic pitching duel. For all hi. work, his reward 
Through eight innings, both i. an 0·2 record. 
had three·hit shutouts to The second game saw 
their credit. Unfortunately it Please turn to page 11 

'nle Daily Guardian Monday, March 3, 1980 

Women~s . Basketball Team 
Loses to Teams They've 
Beaten Earlier in Year 

BY SAMANnlA ROSY 
Sparta Writer 

Attempting to bounce back 
from a loss to California 
Baptist College the previous 
Tuesday, the Triton women's 
baJ,ketbalJ team was routed by 
the Loyola.Marymount 
University Lions 59·38 last 
Thursday. 

UCSD has lacked concen. 
tration in their last two 
contests, missing shots, 
rebounds and passes. "The 
LMU game was a very 
physical , one with a lot of 
jostling inside, but the contact 

ma~e no difference: the 
Triton's 'couldn't turn 
themselves around. 

Loyola's size troubled the 
Tritons as they consistently 
outrebounded the Triton. on 
both the offensive and 
defensive boards. "Their ability 
to work the ball inside forced 
UCSD into foul trouble. The 
Tritons trailed at half time 29. 
18. 

The second half saw Loyola 
combine some fine outside 
shooting with the same inside 
penetration they enjoyed in the 
first half for a potent offensive 
attack. Things did not look 
so bleak last Tuesday. 

The women fell to 
California Baptist College of 
Riverside at home, 66·59. 
The ball was dribbled, palsed 
and turned over for about one 

and a half minutes before the 
first · basket was sunk by 
UCSD's Jill Keene. 

UCSD dominated the game 
in the early going: their shots 
were more accurate, they were 
hustling and outrebounding a 
CBC team plagued by 
turno,:ers. 

The Daily Gmu'dian 

. Sports 
With five minutes left to 

play in the first half, UCSD 
went up 25·24. Two minutes 
later, the Tritons lost their 
concentration and suddenly 
they went down 31·27 with 
1 :58 left to go in the half. 

During the last three 
minutes of the half, CBC 
scored 14 points (while the 
Tritons were scoring three) 
with a barrage of outside 
shots. The half·time buzzer 
sounded with the scoreboard 
showing CBC·38, UCSD.30. 

The teams, fairly evenly 
matched and relatively short, 
resorted mainly to the outside 
shots. When either team tried 
to drive inside, there was 
congestion, confusion and, 
most of the time, no basket. 

Please turn to page 1 J 

THE 
FOOD CO-OP 

IS OPEN! 
in the Student Center 

Fresh organic produce, 
nuts, grains, breads, 

Alta Dena dairy products 

Member and retail prices 
open 10 - 5, Mon - Fri 

11 - 4, Sat 
closed Sun 

Food for people 
not for profit 

UCSD has a 
DENT AL GROUP 

at the Student Health Center 
with Student Rates! 

~---------~edo.---------~ 
EXAMINATIONS 

and 
DENTAL WORK 
and Hygienists are 

available for cleaning teeth 

MONDA Y thru FRIDA Y 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
phone: 452'2080 

We can do work for spouses, too! 

How long has it been since you've seen'a 
DENTIST? 

Monday, March 3, 1980 The Daily Guardian 

Battle For 2nd Place Lost 
Volleyball Men Displaced By Northridge in 4 Games 

BY SCOlT ALLISON 
Staff Writer 

The men 's volleyball team was foiled in their 
quest for second place in league competition 
Saturday night when they succumbed to the Cal 
State Northridge Matadors, three games to 
one. 

The loss dropped the Tritons' record to 3·3. 
The Matadors now boast a 4·2 mark , while 
Hawaii remains perched atop the league with a 
perfect 5·0 season. 

The Northridge match was a superb slugfest. 
It featured hitting as hard and acurate as any 
triton game this season. Hal Jacobs punished 
the ball numerous times, and Bob Rhodes put in 
another consistent offensive perfonnance. But 
in the end, Northridge simply took advantage of 
its enormous front line height and crushed the 
ball a few more times than UCSD. 

mistake," said Dannevik. Indeed, the spikers 
have managed only once this year to win after 
spotting their opponents the first game. 

The second contest was also a barnburner, 
but with the same results. The 15·12 
Northridge win left the Tritons in a situation 
where they had to pull out a miraculous three 
game sweep of last year's NAIA champs in 
order to win. 

And though Jacobs and Rhodes and the rest 
played a gutty match, Northridge refused !o 
buckle after being dominated by UCSD In 
game three. The Matadors sewed up the match 
with a 15·9 victory in the fourth contest. 

"We still had lapses," said Dannevik, adding 
that he was basically pleased with his team's 
performance. "Their defense came on strong 
toward the end, and they capitalized on our 

" errors. 
"It's frustrating to lose these close ones all the 

time " voiced Assistant Coach Mitch Kobara. 
"And there's no excuse. because we have the 
talent." 

To counter Matador height, UCSD Coach 
Doug Dannevik started Rick Cazares instead of 
Chris Wagner in game one. The strategy 
worked, but still the Tritons caught Northridge 
playing one of their better games this year . The 
Matadors survived a fierce Triton rally at the 
end of the contest and won, 18·16. 

"Again, losing that first game was a critical 

The Tritons still have their sights set on 
second place in their league. But to do so would 
almost necessitate a victory over Hawaii when 
UCSD travels there in three weeks. 

C-....... "Ir«o.,. "'-.. "-
Hal Jacob. goe. up for. Triton spike. Jacobs came up with hiI 

fUle.t perfonnance of the season in UCSD'. 3.1 10 .. to Cal State 
Northridge. 

Not everyone is the same, thank JOOdness. So 
at Bank of America, we don't think our jobs should 
be either. 

Fortunately, we're bis enouah (and propessive 
enough) to want college gnduates with all kinds of 
bIclcgrounds. Business majors, yes. But abo people 
who are just interested in busiDeu. . 

Just what opportunities _ we taIkiJ1I about? 
. Well. you can wotk with uat.a conmn"*! 

leaders. Or lhow youna enbepeoewa bow to MIt lip. 
a new business. Or .. CaIiforaia\ flnDenOll 

That's up to you, of course. But when you show 
us you're"*" to move, we'l give you the chance 
to proYe it. 

So (.l)O!ider Bank of America. We've BOt careers 
you CID...., link your teeth into. 

la NGrthIrD c.tifcmia, COIIt8C't CIthJ Bonnici, 
p.o." 57000, Sao PnnciIco, CA 94137. 

In ~ California, contact Dennis Grindle, 
SS5 S ..... Str.t, Los AlJseles,CA 90071. 

1IftI,.~Of AMERICA 1ft their BJ'O't'inf coral III. A . • ... __ ~ .... ~~~~, 

POSTAl. INSTANT PRESS 

STUDENT 
RATES 

Sludenl pholocopy 
service. 

3<1' 
per .copy 

1'J27 La Jolla Blvd 

At the corner of 
Pearl and La Jolla Blvd. 

Change Your Perspectlvel 
Enlarge Your Horizons! 

EUROPE 
For the independenllraveller 
~ ___ Fe~ruary 28 

ADVENTURE 
TRAVEL 

Camping. Trekking. 
Overlanding in 

ASIA, EUROPE" AFRICA 
I--____ March 3 

~n'lJffons Also On: 
AUSTRALIA, 

SOUTH AMERICA, 
IRELAND" 

NEW ZEALAND 
R~/s'rr for you, 

Doo,Prlzrf 
CALL TODAY 

~I SANDIEGO 
TRAVEL 

San Diego Slale Unlv. 
217-6210 



"Sizwe ai" 
BY L YN£1TE TOM 

s..- Slaff Writer 
Sizwe Bansi Is Dead is a 

play that has crossed two 
oceana and .panned three 
continent.. Since its first 
production in 1974, it has 
toured to England, Ireland, 
South Africa, and the United 
Stales, received 1974 Tony 
Award. for ita actors/co-
crealor. John Kani and 
Winston Ntahona and its 
~Iaywri,ht/ director Athol 
fugard, and obtained the title 
as New York's beat Broadway 

play of 1975_ UCSD drama 
graduate. John Welley 
Huston, Jr, and James. Avery 
have recreated the t roles 
played by Kani and Ntahona, 
whiJe UCSD Lecturer Luther 
James has taken the directoral 
duties in the Southern 
Califomia Black Repertory 
Theater's 1978 and 1979 
productions. As a result of the 
latter performance, Sizwe 
Bansi I. Dead will travel north 
as an entry in the Oregon 
Shakespearean festival in 
Aahland, considered to be one 

Do YOU believe In 
students helping students? 

If so, apply NOW through March 21 
for MOM's College Center Assistants. 

Obfoln referrals lrom Student Employment 
and applications from the Muir Dean's 

Office (HSS 212S), 

I Help students help themselveS' / 

, . 

ECKANKAR· 
Heaven Is Here Now-
Why Wait Until Death? 

As a way of life, ECKANKAR provides ~ne spiritual 
tools that will enable you to understand and 
experience your divine self and the heavenly worlds 
of Spirit (ECK) In this lifetime. 

Regional Seminar 
March 7th Be 8th 
at La Jolla Village Inn 
Interstate 5 , La Jolla Village Dr. 

March 7, friday at '7 pm, a FREE Introductory talk 
and film. 
March I, Saturday 9 :30 am-9 pm. Music, lectures, 
dance, poetry & art expressing the Joy c:A soul 
(special presentation of ECK Vidyo, the ancient 
science cI prophecy, Saturday momlng), . 
For Information: 454 1630. 

The Daily Guardian Manday, March 3, 1980 

Invitation Un recedented' 
of the most notable events held 
on the West Coasl. According 
to James, such a decision is 
unheard of. 
. "The festival originates its 

own plays and engages its own 
directors," he explained. "So, 
it's unprecedented that a play 
should originate from 
somewhere else and be invited 

candid and cold portrrut of 
South African society, as ¥en 
through the eyes of three black 
men: Styles (Huston), Sizwe 
Bansi (Avery), and Buntu 
(Huston). The story of 
apartheid has led to Kani and 

The Daily Guardian 

students who are having the 
opportunity earned by their 
work to enter the professional 
theater at a prestigious cultural 
festival," he continued, 
"We're very honored to be 
able to bring this about, 
through the quality of work 
they could do," 

to their repertory." In addition to Sizwe &nsi 
The invitation came in light Arts Is Deud, The Island will be 

of jast year's engagement to seen in the Oregon 
the UC campuses. Among the Shakespearean Festival. 
audience at Davis was the Nibhona's imprisonment in Another collaboration by 
managing director of the their own country and Fugard , Kani and Ntshona, 
Oregon Shakespearean Fugard's exile in Europe. By the play tells of the experiences 
Festivat contrast, the audience reaction of two cell mates at a political 

"The managing director to the UCSD production has prison in South Africa. Huston 
was 50 struck with the been, in James' words, and Avery will portray the 
production that he decided to "always riotous, with a characters_ The two 
take the whole cast up to standing ovation_" productions will alternate 
Oregon, 01 which we're very "It is noteworthy that the performances during their 
glad," said James. play started here on the season from March 29 to Nov_ 

Sizwe &nsi Is Dead is a campus and featured two I_ 

. Jazz Groups Get Together 
"Le Jazz Hot," as the 

French call it, will sizzle in 
_performance by UCSD jazz 
ensembles under the direction 
of Jimmy Cheatham on 
Wednesday, March 5 in 
Mandeville Auditorium. 
Some people envision jazz as 
the "Greats," while others see 
it as the " Big Band Era," New 
Orleans Blues, or Dixieland 
jazz. Whatever facet of jazz it 
may be , the common link of all 
is the dedication and love of 
the mUSicians who play it. The 
25 members of the UCSD 
Jazz Ensemble, as well as the 
members of the mailer jazz 
combos, have demonstrated 

the enthusiasm in previous 
concerts performed to full 
houses. 1hey will do so again 
on March 5 when they 
perform jusic by such jazz 
masters as Duke Ellington, 

Around 
Town 

Count Basie, Oliver Nelson, 
Bill Holman, Frank Foster, 
John Coltrane, to mention a 
few. 

The program also features 
the Crawford High School 
Jazz Ensembles under the 

aoel 

10: :Bab \'~rl.ltell Conl1tl 

direction of Joseph Gyetvai , 
Admission is $1 and will be 

contributed to the scholarship 
fund _ 

Lo ca l author Joan 
Lindgren will read her 
translations of Pablo 
Neruda's later poems tonight 
a t DG Wills Bookstore at 
7:30, 

The UCSD New Poetry 
Serie will present poet-auther 
Charles Wright reading from 
hi works Wednesday, March 
12 at 4 pm in the Revelle 
Formal Lounge. The reading 
is free to the public. 

,steyc I' Prell y ]3a~ ~ ~ea 1 
SttYC " )3ract.o 11 ~rou15 /I Best 
ChriS "1lte Shll Di~on. 

, JO'hn " no G-UfJ I' liecJ\lt~ 
Kevin ., .zo~ l.iYLqulni" Iillq Ie 
Joe " The ~ 1'lexJcan " }ftrnancie2 
:Boger " rte 1'1 i nil }{utI r TL 

• Jir !anGer JtOTTh'nClr" Ha'l~tel 
1)11\ .. S~lilcfucte· dlleft 

ke., ~i ie <if' JjJ 

..... I 11 ' ~~y,~~3, 198~O~ ____________________ ~~ __ ~Th~e~D~~~ly~G~u~&nti~~a~n~~~~~~------~=:------------~-------

Classifieds W~rneil ' Cagers Lose -----r-------r---~ Chance at Playoffs 
Own room, Solana Beach Condo, 
$140/mo, non-smoker, 2 cars, car 
pool, call anytime 755-2763. (3/12) 

announcements 
Assorted Vinyl will hold Hs Ih ird 
organizational meeting at the record 
store al 4:00 pm Tuesday. (3/4) 
Bogey is back see him in Casablanca, 
March 5 at 7:30 and 9:30 al Revelle 
Cafe. $1 .50 at the door. (3/5) 
Support CalPIRG trach your green 
card . (3/7) 
Watch out for the PIRG Bird. (3/7) 
Tune out your 1970s disco. As the 
1980s approach so does ASSORTED 
VINYL. (3/7) 
STUDENT HEALTH INFO PROGRAM 
INTERN HOURS: M 68pm; Tu II-
I pm; W t -4pm; Th 2-5pm; F 2-4 pm. 
Share concerns - come & look. 
Student Center near food co-op. 
(3/3,5) 
Mi'Sty Beethoven is rated X, Can you 
handle it??? (3/3) 
Applications are being accepled for 
Muir College Center Assistants 
through March 21 . Get referrals from 
Student Employment and applications 
from Muir Dean's Office (2125 HSS), 
(3/3,5,7,11,13,20.2 1 ) 
Join MOM's! apply for College Center 
Assislant. Applications accepted 
lhrough March 21 . Get referrals from 
Sludent Employment and applications 
from Muir Dean's Office at 2125 HSS. 
(3 /3,5,7,11 ,13.20,21 ) 
ASSORTED VINYL, UCSD's newest 
co-op is here to stay. We're located just South of EDNA in the Student 
Center. we open April 4, 1980. (317) 

personals 
Divers needed for underwater 
marathon, details at Sea Deucers 
scuba office. Certified scuba only 
please. (3/3) 
VREEP - JAKARTA - GILRAEL,' 
Need you for a Comm project. Call 
Ken, X441 O. Leave message for Ron 
or Gail. (3/4) 
North YWCA offers jazz exercise and 
rhythmic aerobics at UTC starting 
March 3. Please call 274-4260. (3/3) 
Dearest SA: You have captured my 
imagination! Please come capture my 
heart. xxxxooooC.B.E.(3/3) 
Dani Grady -We appreciate youl More 
than you'll even know. The Team. 
(3/3) 
Dear Galathea: Thanks for all your 
support during the seasonl Much 
Love, Stace & Jill. (3/3) 

Agnes: I know Horace's evey sexual 
fantasy. After Misty Beethoven, we're 
gonna go wild!!! Gertrude. (3/3) 

for sale 
Bean Bags, unused , strong, 
comfor1able linen or vinyl, super size, 
526, also sofabed size. 455-6448. 
(3/4) 
Pontiac 400 cu in lust rebuilt. Many HP 
parts for big block. cam, heads, etc. 
222-3269. (Rich after 6) (3/4) 
15' Runaboul w Ibrkn 50 HO Merc. trlr, 
many extra. $1200 abo. Call Mike after 
school at 755-7670. (3/ 6) 
Lovely Wedding invitations - 100 lor 
$22,50 and up - 453-1863,286-2663. 
(3/7) 
FOR SALE: 250 cc BM motorcycle 75 
rfllg on or off road bike. Must sell! Best 
offer call Jeff at 453-3285. (3/3) 
Liveaboard, Homemade 32' Tahiti 
ketch hull and deck. no rigging, diesel, 
free mooring. 525OO/offer. Jerry eves: 
452-4821 . (3/ 4) 
Sell 4 bedroom 2 bath University City. 
Excellent. 4666 Ramsay open 10-4 
broker. 276-1401. (3/5) 
1 971 VW Beetle gret coditlon metallic 
blue 30 miles per gallon 453-4188 
evening. (3/3) 
Technics 630RS cassette tape deck. 
Great shape. Just cleaned and tuned. 
$120 or best offer. Gall Matt at 270-
0564 or 292-0793 and leave 
message. (3/4) 

housing 
Neq(j roommate to share room in apl. 
nea. UCSD (10 min walk) $135/mo. 
pool, jacuzzi, call eves 452-1858 (3/5) 
Are you sick of the dorms, need a quiet 
place to study? Share room in apt very 
close to UCSD 452-1858. (3/4) 
Need a place 10 stay for East. Vac. 
Willing to sleep on couch, floor, will 
pay 453-4776 Tim, (3/7) 
Ocean fronl condo In Solana Bch pool jacuzzi tennis piuS more. Room to 
share $165 lull furnish. 753-8019 
(3/3) 
Fem roommate wanted must be 
responsible clean nonsmoker share 
room S95,00/mo \4util. 455-1514. 
(3/7) 
Nice 2 bdrm. apt. in P.B. Own room 
want one clean, quiet, 'male 
nonsmoker. $155, 4 blocks from 
beach, Call Matt or Chris at 270-0564. 
(3/4) 

-------Office located upstairs Student in the Student Center 
Travel open MWF 9-1 

Tu /Th 12-3 . 
_S.e.rv_IC.e_S __ phone 452-0630 

--~ Council on International Educational Exchange 

1 TRAVELSHOW 1-.... 
I 

overland in 
A'RICA 

March 5, 7:30 pm r 
UCSD International Center 

presented by I 
DVENTURE CENTE~ 

Own room in Genesee Highlands 
condo. 5140 available any time after 
3/15. 453-4501 . (3/4) 

wanted 
TypislS, part time, for French technical 
manuals, Phone, A.T.S. 481-6046, 
Day leve. (3/5) 

\ 

services 
Typists: IBM exper/theses/disserl 
term papers/editing. RUSH jobs! 453-
0656,452-1488,286-4936,225-1449. 
(6/15) 
JENNY's HOME TYPING-Term 
papers, theses, diss. Days and eves, 
225-1449 (6/7) 
Experienced editor will edit papers, 
theses, manuscripts. Call 279-0992 or 
453-1259. Ask for Lynn. (3/ 14) 
DISCOUNT MECHANIC: Tune-up, 
electrical, light mechanical-mobile 
service, work guaranteed 453-2456. 
(317) 
TYPING: UNIV CITY. IBM Selectric. 
Reasonable rates. Days 452-4244 (ask for Jane); Eves, 453-4966 (3/3,5) 

lost & fQuod 
LOST LADIES GOLD HAMILTON 
WATCH MONDAY BETWEEN TLH & 
APM.' Reward. Call lisa 455-0129. 
(3/3) 

travel 
CIEE Student Travel located on the 
second floor of the student center 
open MWF 9-1 Tu Th 12-3. (3/14) 
Looking for out-going independent 
minded female Interested In traveling 
around Europe this summer by means 
of Eurail Pass. Prefer woman btwn. 20-
24 yrs, of age. If interested call Donna 
454 -5879 (3/5) 
CRUISESHIPS!/SAILING EXPEDI-
TIO NS I/ SAILING CAMPS. No 
experience. Good pay, Summer. 
Career. NATIONWIDE, WORLDWIDE! 
Send $4.95 for APPLICATIONIINFOI 
REFERRALS to CRUISEWORLD 205 
Box 601 29, Sacramento, Ca 95860 
(3/3) 

€ontinued (rom page 8 
Hope glimmered with six 

and a hall minutes left to play 
when Womack scored and 
then rebounded on a missed 
CBC basket attempt. In 
another 45 seconds, Keene 
put up another jump-shot to 
make the score 58-49 CBC_ 

The Tritons were fouled all 
over the court, but failed to 
capitalize, misstng' a good 
percentage of their free-
throws. Determinedly, UCSD 
built up their polition to the 
closest they had been since the 
first, GO-56. 

With - 2:30 left to play, 
UCSD pulled to within three 
points of CBC, but for all the 
emotion and well-executed 
shots it was too little, too late. 
The 'Tritons couldn't catch 
CBC, and stood defeated at 
66-59_ 

Up until Tuesday, the 
Tritons were tied for second in 
their league and appeared 

headed for regional.. Their 
record is now 5-6 and hopes 
for a berth in regionall have 
vanished. They will. probably 
finish third in their league. 

The Tritons have been 
handicapped by the lou of a 
key starter, Wendy Naka-
yama, due to a leg injury. 
Before her injury, .he had 
been averaging 15 pointa per 
game. It was an untimely lou 
for the Tritons. 

UCSD hadn't played for a 
week prior to Tueaclay's 
conlest. Coach Judy Malone 
attribute. their lack of 
motivation and concentration 
on the court to the lou of 
Nakayama coupled with the 
long layoff which left them 
cold. UCSD has previously 
beaten both of theae teams 
with no problem. 

The Tritons just didn't ha ve 
the power to put it together leut 
week, after Thursday'l game, 
Malone comented, "I'm 
disappointed, so is the team." 

Triton 9 Drops 
Weekend Twinbill 
Continued (rom page 8 
the Tritons fall behind after 
ju.t two innings, 6-0. Tom 
Schwarz who has had a tough 
time finding his rhythm this 
season was knocked around 
for eight runs before handing 
the pitching duties over.to Paul 
Schmuck in the fifth inning. 

UCSD wouldn't roll over, 
though, chipping away <;,t the 
Eagle lead with one run In the 
fourth and three more in the 
sixth. Pat McGovern and Bob 
Allen lined key singles in the 
sixth inning rally. 

The bottom of the ninth saw 
tbe Tritons still scrapping. 
Scarafoni walked. Sharpe 
forced him at second and then 
Brett Sandstrom drilled a triple 
over the Biola rightfielder's 
head, later scoring on a Biola 

The Tritons travel to USD 
this Tuesday in hopes of 
avenging a 17-4 thrashing 
they took at the hands of the 
Toreros earlier this season, 

The System 
Continued 'rum "(J~," 
but it would be pathetic if 8 
significant number of the 
current protestors did not 
come 10 recognize (and do , 

. something about) the fact that 
the injustice and misfortune 
they now sense is part of a 
much larger and deeper 
problem-namely, a society 
which is unjust and corrupt at 
the core, but which can be 
changed, 

CHRIS O'CONNELL 

SEniORS, 
conTACT YOUR 

PLACEmEnT OFFICE 
FOR InTERUIEW DATES 

AnD PREFERRED mAJORS. 
LOC .... D-cAuflOAnIA comPAny • .,ABAnK, CAUFORnIA 

An ~AL OPPOArUnny F/m.mPt..O\MA u.s. cmzensHlP MlQUIMD 



The Daily Guardian Monday, March 3, 1980 

Saxon Will Warn 
About Jarvis 2 

w .. --1rJinI to make a point at this 
AMES department bulletin board by 
, .... ia. the A and 5 from AMES?Ordid the 
...... jUIt faD oil? Of IUCh dilemma. are 
arc:ance phiJoeophiea born. 

Recycle 
This 
Newspaper 

Freshmen Present Paradox 

Continued from page 1 
However, she added , 

"President Saxon has' 
indicated that no campuses 
will close as a result of these 
cuts." 

The letter·to·be had the UC 
vice chancellors of student 
affairs scratching their heads 
in curiosity over its content in a 
systemwide meeting with the 
AS presidents here last week. 

"We really don't have 
anything to s~y because we 
haven't seen the letter," Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Richard Armitage told The 
Daily Guardian. 

The vice chancellors thus 
spent the quarterly meeting 
speculating on what effects 
Proposition 9 would have on 
the student affairs budgets, 
and discussing would-be 
budget priorities. 

The vice .-::hancelJors and 
student representatives agreed 
that implementing a tuition fee 
would lead to an increased 
~need for financial aid , 
Armitage said. 

"A major question is what 
proportion of the fees should 
go toward financial aid to meet 
the increased costs of 
education. How will students 
become eligible? Where will 

the money come from? It's 
been coming from education 
fees, but will that be enougllto 
maintain the present system 
and provide access to the 
increasing number' of minority 
students coming to the 
university through this aid?" 
Armitage said. 

They discussed the 
possibility of using registration 
fees to offset financial aid 
constraints, he said. 

AS President Carlos 
Montalvo, leading students 
opposed to that idea, 
described the idea as 
"iIJegitimate ... reg fees are 
supposed to fund student 

. " services. 

Armitage said he also 
resists the ideas of using re.g 
fees to support academic 
programs, but added, "If it's to 
help financial aid , maybe we'll 
have to." , 

The students and vice 
chancellors both admitted that 
clearer guidelines for reg fee 
used need to be established. 

The student representatives 
at the meeting questioned how 
much student input would be 
allowed in handling budgetary 
decisions if Proposition 9 
passes. 

Warren College Wins Continued from page 1 pe!lalty should be abolished. 'shouldn't regulates student 14 year •. Each received the When asked by the CIRP if publications, leaving the rest in 
national report and a localized women should get job opposition to most courts, the 
report, but UCSD hun't been equality, 94.1 percent of the fir s tam end men tan d umtinued from page 1 rounded graduates has done 
lUl'Veyed since 1969, 10 no students agreed. But, 23 traditional perceptions of the Lazarus is also active at about as much for the faculty 
campua data was available. percent of the freshman leftist student Revelle College. as it has for students. 

A. far as government population polled felt that Some observations from the - that Muir was defeated in 
reaulations are concerned, 79 women's activities were best Depending. on the field, a amused crowd: the final round is attributable 

, percent felt that the confined to the home. tenth to a fifth believe they - the highly-touted and to the fact that the arts, 
pernrnent i. not adequately 57.2 percent of the need remedial educationa! perhaps overrated Revelle humanities, and social 
controDing pollution and 71.1 freshmen favored legalized help, and express dillatisfac- College squad headed by sciences were the fields of 
percent felt that the abortion and 43 percent tion with their high school ProvostChia.WeiWoo,failed expertise of three of the four 
love.-runent is not protecting agreed that people should live curriculum. to make it to the final round, team members. Sadly, the 
the conaumer. together before getting And affirmative action giving some to offer the theory questions asked had actual 

77.3 percent agree that married. notwithstanding, most college that a Rennaissance education answers; which rendered their 
innatio,n is our biggest Closer to home, 13.5 students are white, middle- is a worthless concept in the skills useless. 
dqmestic problem and ~. 1 percent felt that college grades income and live at home. 20th century. 0 n emu s t con c e de : 
percent believe that the energy should be abolished and 73.9 - although most of the however that a university 
shortage is causing the percent agreed that students Economics and race are tied questions were geared towards professor cannot be expected 
depression. should help in evaluating the to the survey notes. Three academia, there was a to know whose picture is on the 

31.4 percent of aIlfreshmen faculty. times as many students in smattering of trivia which $10,000 bill, considering that 
polled agreed that they would 78.8 percent freshmen felt black colleges for example, served the purpose of UC budget cuts have made it 
not obey laws conflicting with that colleges do not have the come from families below the demonstrating that the questionable whether any 
their own views and 33.6 right to ban speakers, only poverty line as students in University's commitment to faculty member will see that 
~pe_r_c_en_t_f_el_t _t_h_a_t _the __ d_ea_th __ 6._9_.4-..:...pe_r_c_e_nt_f_e_lt_th_a_t_c_o_ll_e::::.ge_s_-.:...pr_ed_ om_ in_a_n_t1.:.y_w_hi_'_te_ sc_h_oo_ ls_. __ ~p:.....r_o_d_ua_'_ng=--ed_u_c_a_tjo_n_a1_I.:.y_-w_e_I_I-__ m~uch money in a lifetime. 

, Attention: 
Third College 

Seniors 

Are you interested in speaking at 
your gfaduatlon? 

If so, you can audition your speech 
before the Graduation Planning 
Committee on March 12,1980, from 
5 to 7'pm in the new Third College 
Dean's Office, Conference Room 
126. 

Please submit your written speech by 
March 11, 1980 at the Third College 
Dean's Office. 

Dr. Robert M. Heller 
Optometrist 

For the finest in European & Domestic 
Eyewear Fashions 

20% Discount to 
UCSD Students 

• Contact lenses Soft & hard, same ' 
day dispensing 

• Prescriptions filled 
• Eye exams 
• Invisible bifocals 
• Custom lens tints 
• Designer frames 

La Jolla Village Squar. Mall. 452·737. 
Mon-Fri 10 to 9, Sat 10 to 6, Sun 12 to 5 

womancare 

~~a feminist· 
women'. 

!health center 

- ' Self-help 
- Well woman 
- Pregnancy 

screening 
- abortion 

up to 16 weeks 
- birth control 
- childbirth 

3616 4th A".,.,. 
Ian Diego. CA 

. 92103 
or cal: 29M3I2 


