
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiTiiiiiiiiiiiiiiihiiiiiiiiiiiiiii' eiiiiiiiiiiiiiDiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii _____ 1 ~ G u a r d ian 
Volume 39, Number 7 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, January 15, 1980 

Councilman Bill Mitchell at a recent City Council meeting. 

Mitchell: .. UCSD 
Changed La Jolla 

Bill Mitchell represents this 
district on the San Diego City 
Council A native of San Diego's 
North County, Mitchell served on 
the La lolla Town Council prior to 
taking office in 1977. In this first 
of a two-part article, Matchell 
discusses the San Diego 
community's perceptions of 
UCSD and his memory of the 
area. 

!II Kal:hy Huffer 
Managing Editor 

Guardian: How is UCSD 
~rceived in ~e community, in 
~ Diego, and how do you 
perceive it? 

From what you say, you dOll't 
spend much time at UCSD. 

Dies-o State invites me, Mesa 
College has invited me a couple of 
times, and a lot of the hiah school.. 
Mount Cannel I-ligh SChool had 
me speak last Wednesday and 
their, I gueu she's their 
government teacher, Mrs. Bower, 

Black's to Get Stairs M: Oh, I spend time uP 'in that area, but I haven't had any contact 
with the student leaders. San 
Diego State invites me to their 
functions all the time. And I've 
been to the University Symphony 
functions there at UCSD, because 
I support the symphony. But whe1\ 
it comes to getting involved with 
any student activities, I've never 
been invited to do anything. San 

• she introduced me to the claaa and 
said, "I want to introduce 
Councilman BiD Mitchell. He's 
been here to speak to us before and 
he is the most reaponaive elected 
official that I know of." And then I 
wondered how she establiahed 
that. Was she just doing that 
because I reaponded to come to 
her class? And she said, "No, our 
students are given points on 
responses they can get from 
elected officio and this is on the 
city, county, state and federal 
government levels. And they get 
ten points for every letter they can 
get an answer back." The point 
I'm makin$ is that I'm responsive. 
And if UCSD needs my help, we 
help. Now, there may be lOme 
issue that comes up IOmetime 
where I may not be for it, but theyll 

By John Hondros 
Aseociate News Editor 

Plans to build a 300·foot stairway to 
Black's Beach have been included in the 
city's proposed 1981-82 budget, deapite 
objections from both the anti· and pro-nude 
beach ¥oups, and Councilman Mitchell 
says he s responsible. 

The proposal for the sairway, which in 
included in the master plan to develop the 
Torrey Pines glider port area, was 6rst 
brought before the Cith Council by Mitchell 
in 1978, but was defeated. 

Mitchell said he suported the stairway 
because seven people were killed there in 

Please rum to page 4 Pleae tum to f>aIe 4 

Saltman: Schools Need 
To Use 'Mafioso 
Contract' Approach 

8y Meg_Honda 
Staff Writer 

Schools in the 1980s should borrow a leaf from the Mafia's 
book and set up contracts for teaching and learning, says 
Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs Paul Saltman. 

Saltman has been recommended by the UCSD Alumni 
Asaociation f(lJ' the position of chanceUor. He i~ currently 
presenting a series of Extension lectures, la~t night's was the 
second of the series. . 

In that lecture, Saltman maintained that teaching in the 
primary, secondary, and higher sectors of education has , 
become "a lot art and a lost commitment." 

Schools, including the University of California, Saltman 
.said, have "prostituted" themselves by accepting money with 
a promise to do anything and everything, deapte the fact that 
they are iII-equipped to fulfill such a promise. . 

In doing do, he said education institutions are not defining 
the role that the teaching/learning pr< cess has in the school; 
they are failing to provide an impetus for the acquisition of 
knowledge and the "passion for learning." 

In order to provide for a better system of education, 
Saltman recommended a "Mafioso contract" whereby 
teachers nwat fulfill their contractual obligations to leach a 
subject to a specific level of proficiency and students must in 
tum fulfill their obligation to learn a subject to the expeded 
level of proficiency. 

Saltman said there should exist a degree of pluralism ir:' the 
educational evnironment .. including the use of alternative 
schools, parochia schools .. but not at the expense of the 
contractual obligations to teach and learn. 

At the university level, creative scholarship or research 
competes with the teaching role, Saltan s added that, at 
UCSD, this specific problem is being dealt with in a positive 
manner. 

"Professors must make a cQmmitment to 'publish or perish' 
and the~ust allO teach and should be rewarded if ther fulfiU 
these . ationa," he said. "And we do this at UCSD." 

He . he believes "the real calibration of our faculty as 
scholars" shows in the fact that UCSD has been among the 
top 20 universities in the nation in gaining federal and private 
reSearch jl'ants over the past decade. 

He added however, that some profeslOrs are more 
effective in laboratories ratte than in classrooms due to their 
tqhIy specialized Imowled,e and skilt.. It is just a matter of 
"uaint the ritIht people in the right places." 

f.daw's ·2' Initiative Gives 
UC Unpleasant Options 

By Carolyn Friday 
Sacram~to Correspondent 

Increased tuition and possible staff layoffs 
are two alternatives facing the University of 
California should the Jarvis II initiative pass on 
the June, 1980. ballot. 

Dubbed "Jaws II" by its author, tax-crusader 
Howard Jarvis, co-sponlOr of Proposition 13, 
the initiative would cut state income taxes in 
half beginning with the 1980 calendar year. 

Legislative analysts have eatimated that 
since state income taxes constitute half the 
state's income, the lOll in revenuea as a reault of 

are reduced to drawing up a budget under the 
severe constraints Jarvis If might impose." 

A spokeaman for Gov. Brown, who has in 
the past opposed tuition for California 
universities, said, "the passage 0' Jarvis II 
would necessitate quite a number of changes in 
government policy, and the tuition queation 
may be one of them." . 

Aside from tuition, UC may be faced with 
some staff reductions and salary cuts, if Jarvis 
II passes. According to Wilson, however, merit 
and promotion increases for the academic staff , 
which one legislative analyst indicated would 

Jarvis II to the state would ---------- probably be a sitting target for 
the legislature, are almost 
II8crosanct. 

amount to $4.9 billion during 
the fiscal year 1980·81, a 25 
percent reduction of state 
fuhds. 

Tuition Hikes, 
Staff Layoffs 
Are Possible If 

Wilson also indicated the 
university would fry its utmost 
to protect affirmative action 

pr~ams. 
If ·all state funded agencies 

and institutions were to take a 
25 percent cut equally, the 
University of California would Measure Passes 
stand to lose approximately 

The university's budge 
allotment after Jarvis II would 
depend a great deal on what 
remains after the local school 
districts' needs were met. And $250 million from its proposed 1980·81 budget. 

Because it is not mandated by law that the 
university. receive state funds, UC could also 
find itself cut by 50 percent. 

An aid to Senator Albert Rodda (D-
Sacramento), chairman of the Senate Finance 
committee, indicated that higher education 
institutions could realOnably assume such a 
drastic loss of revenue due to their ability to 
raise fees. 

But, Thomas Jenkins, UC Vice· President in 
charge of the Budget says, "it's a lead pipe 
cinch that if Jarvis n puaed, aU state ~encies 
would have to make serious cuts, but I believe 
that the university should continue as a tuition 

~ university, with tuition instituted only as a 
very last relOrt." 

David Wilson, executive assistant to UC 
President David Saxon, agreed that UC is not 
yet considering a subatantial tuition increase, 
but he refused to rule out the idea, "if in fact we 

the local school districts stand to lose both a 
good part of their Proposition 13 bailout as well 
as regular state funds under Jarvis II. 

But this is all speculation for the moment. 
Because the Jarvis II initiative qualified for 

the June ballot only last month, the budget Gov. 
Brown proposed to the legislature last week did 
not take Jarvis II into account. The Governor 

p/e(Ue tum to f>aIe 4 



2 TueL,Jan. 15, 1980 

'Power Sharing' Offers Hope in South Africa 
Majority Rule Model Inappropriate 
For Ethnically Fragmented Union? 

By Arend Ujphart 
AImoat aI the new. from SOuth Africa i. deeply discouraging. The white 

minorily appears to be determineCI to maintain its own privileged position at aU 
costa. Many opponents of the preaent regime believe that fundamental change will 
come only .. a result either of heavy external sanctions and prellures, or of a 
.vioIeN civil war. Is there no realistic alternative that is both democratic and 
pellCefuI? 

One pouibility that baa been diIcuued with increung frequency in recent yean 
it to .... \ICe a kind of democracy that i. not majoritarian but that allows 

Arend ~rt I. rite actl,., chairman 01 the .Political Science detKJrtment. He is 
rite ..w.o, 01 "Democracu in PllITal Societies: A Comparatiue Explanation" and 

sharing democracy_ is much more likely to work than majority-rule democracy. 
Moreover, power-sharing i. morally preferable because it i. fairer not only to the 
white, coloured and Asian minorities, but also to the diHerent regional linguistic 
and cultural groupa into which the black majority is divided. 
Are there any sign. that power.sharing il being seriously considered in South 
Africa? 1he constitutional change. propoied by the South African govemment, 
controlled by the Afrikaner-dominated National Party, appear to have some 
power-sharing features, but in their present form offer only a pseudo-power-sharing 
Iystem. The plan leaves the blacks to be represented in their ''homeland.'' and 
would establish three separate parliaments, elected by the whites, coloureds (South 
Africans of mixed descent livng mainly in the weltern part of the Cape Provinc~) 
and A.ians (concentrated mainly in Natal), and three separate white, coloured and 
Asian cabinets. These partiament. and cabinets would make the rules for the 
internal affairs of the .Wfferent groups. On matters of common concem, the 
deci.ions would be made by the cabinet council, cOR1pOsed of representatives of the 
three cabinets .• The cabinet council would be chaired by the president, electecJ by an 
eJectorai coDege made up of whites, coloured. and Asia-ni. 

'The cabinet council look. like a power-sharing executive, but is it genuinely 
democratic? Unfortunately, the government'. plan is marred by several serious 
flaw •. "".., book nu. article i. retninted from rite San Diello Union. 

fir.t of all, it .imply ignores the country'. black population and .ticks to the 
J*licipation in IOYenllneni by aII .... ~, .,.jority and minority. 'The British call outdated, unrealistic and unacceptable idea that the blacks will obtain self-
... fonn 01 deInocracy "power-lharint," with special reference to Northern «overnment in the "homelands," in which only about hall of them actuallv Uve. 
Ireland. but the ..... can be used more generaly, and it has an intriguing relevance Second, the president is likely to be white (the white minority beina larger than 
to SouIh Africa, the coloured and Asian minorities combined), and he wiD have the 6naT say in cases 

In ... book. -Politics in W.t Africa," the noted black scholar Sir Arthur Lewi. of disqreernent on the cabinet council. 
.... lhat majority'" democracy is both un~rIcabIe and immoral in countries ' ~,the plan neceuitate. the continued categorizationof South Africans in 
",y cIividecI by cultw'aI, ethnic: or racial cleavages. Majorily rule in such tep!II'Ilte racial groupa. 
countries ..By means lhat the majorily group i.likely to be in power all the time fourth, the plan w .. formulated exclusively in National Party circle. without 
_lhat minorities.re therefore permanently excluded from power. This, Lewi. any meaningful consultation with the other· group. concerned. 
.ya, ..... the &nt, and fcnrnoat principle- of democracy. Repretentataive In spite of these grave shortcoming., the plan doe. offer a glimmer of hope. For 
cIeInocnq means that au 1iPficant5 should participate in decision-making ~ 'lint time the South African government i. seriously talking about sharing 
..... by ..... tint in office or by . power on a more or leu permanent power with non-shitea. Alao., _ the plan could be ~n as a fir.t ltep, with the 
.... In Ihort, Lewis _ .... , in a deeply . vided society majorily rule is "totally . establishment of one or more black parliaments and cabinets and black 
immDrIII, incClllliaeent with the primary meaning of democracy, and destructive of participation in the cabinet council a. the next logical step. The New Republic 
..,. proIPed 01 buiIcing a nation in which diHereni peoples might tive together in Party, one of the opposition parties in the present white parliament, is already 
_mony." advocating an amendment which would add the urban blacks as the fourth group in 

'The litualion in Northern Ireland iDustralea Lewi.' point very well. From the . the government's power-sharing scheme. 
1920s 10 the late 1960., majorily rule in Northern Ireland meant that the A more attractive power-.haring plan has been proposed by the Progressive 
Pratutant majorily held exclusive power. Not a ~ Catholic w .. in the Federal Party. Thi. party, which is the main opposition party, wants to estabtish a 
• ovemment for IIImoat half a century. n.e British finally .uspended this highly decentralized federation in South Africa with a large nwnber of relatively 
ID8joriIarian "~racy" in 1972, and now insist that self-rule will be restored in PI('a .~(' lum 10 palle H 
No.tt.n INland only if qreernent can be reached to create a power-.haring 
eucutiYe compoeed of both· Protestants and Catholics. 

n. idee of power sharing usuaRy also implies that each group should have as 
IIIUCh autonom, .. po.sibIe to run ita own affairs-.uch al the school sy.tem. 
EadI ~ i. then autonomous irnhose matter. that are its own concern, and it i. 
~ • .hare in the rnakin& of decision. that affect the country ,. a whole. 

The power4harint and &rOUP autonomy principle. can be strengthened fbrther 
by the provision that minorities should be able to veto any proposal that threaten. 
their basic: riIhts. This idea i. akin to the rull: in mo.t democracies that more than a 
simple majorily i. required-to amend the constitution or, in other words, that a 
minority of II certain minimum size can prevent constitutional changes to which it 
ob;ectL . 

A corollary of power .• haring is the rule that all groups should be fairly (that is, . 
proportionaDy) represented in the national, regional and locallegialatures, and in 
the civil service, and that government benefits, .ubsidies, etc., should also be 
di.tributed equitably among the diHerent group •. For in.tance, when the British 
suapended the majority-rule government of Northern Ireland, they also abolished 
the plurality and single-member.di.trict method of election (the usual sy.tem in 
both Britain and the United States), and instituted proportional representation. 

Because South Africa is one of the world'. most deeply divided countrie., power-

Take Cannibalism Tales wi(h Pinch, er, Grain of Salt 
By David Hick. ism." 

When f.mperor 80kaaa of There i. reason to be 
the Central African Empire skeptia-I of both reports, if 
was deposed, it was reported pa.t experience with 
that human bones had been allegations of carmibatism i. 
found in hi. refrigerator. And any guide. 
when an international Ju.t about everyone, 
expedition recently discovered including anthropologi.ts, 
the remnants of a Stone Age betieve that cannibatism hal 
tribe in Papua, New Guinea, exi.ted in various parts of the 
word carhe back that the area world. Yet now it appears that 

extremely .haky. No 
anthropologist hal personally 
witne • .ed one sifllle act of the 
practice, and the places where 
it allegedly has occurred were 

David Hick. i. prolessor 01 
anthropolollll at the State 
Uniuer.ify 01 New' York. He 
wrote. thi. .tOrJI lor Pacilic 
New. Service. 

was "renowned for cannibal- the ounds for this belief are Pr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i!!!~~!!!!!!!!!!~~!!!i!!!!!I!!~~!!!!~~!!lI alway. conveniently remote 
The Daily Guardian 
Elk ... ,.. 

• .:d"nr 
K.lhy Hulf ... 

MIIINtJIntC "~"Of 
JoH .......... ·Ho-

Neo •• t .. u, _Gooch 
JoIonHo ..... 

.\ ... No· ..... N.o .... ~:";I, .. ",,, 
Jolon KJ.dl 
Cupy t .. ", 

....... H To,-
( ....... t~ 

Joooc..u 
s,.,~. t .... 
p-~ 

Sn .......... ., 
_Cio. 

f'hn4u ....... Hf 
T ... _. 
Arh .... n' 
~r ..... 

(....,..".1 \4..", ••• ,. 

u.......,.J<M-, ....... 

Tht! Dail" Guardian is 
published Monday through 

- Friday during the regular 
school year by students at the 
Univerllity of California. San 
Diego. Offices are located on 
the first floor of the studenl 
center. Mailing address: 
Student Center (B026), 
UCSD La Jolla, CA .• 9:l093. 
The Vail" Guardian 
lIubscribell to the ASlociated 

Prell~. the Los Angeles Times 
Syndicate and Pacific Newli 
Service. 

For newli. call 452-3466. 

and inaccellible. 
Dr. W. Arenl, of the State 

University of New York, 
Stony Brook, has tracked 
down the mo.t famous 
reported instance. of 
cannibali.m and found 
everyone of them highly 
dubiou •. What he hal found i. 
an amazing readme.. by 
anthropologi.t. and other 
scholar. to take .torie. about 
the eating of human flesh at 
face value. 

For instance, conlider those 
favorite cannibal. of the 
Western imqinetion, the 
Aztec .. 'tbey were subdued in 
1521 by 600 soIdien led by 
the Spani.h adventurer, 
&iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil Hernando Cortes. Dunn, the 

Conquest of Mexico ~veral of 
the soldier. jotted down note. 
(1) events they had wime..ed, 
but few mention cannibalism, 
and none claim. to have 
observed it. 

The Aztec.' reputation for 
man-eating was foisted upon 
them a. the result of accounts 
written decade. after the 
Conquest by these soldiers, 

. whose genocidal achieve· 
ments in America became a 
target ' for di.approving 
comments at home_ In hi. 
recent book, "The Man-
Eating Myth: A~opology 
and Anthropophagy," Aren. 
rea.ons that the conquereor. 
sought to justify their wanton 
'Slaughter of the Indians by 
making them so inhuman as to 
eat people. 

Even the two authoritative 
sources for Aztec cannibal-
ism the Catholic miuionariea 
Diego Duran and Bernardo de 
Sahagun, never witnessed it. 
1he cUllom was supposedly 
abahdoned decades before 
they made their inquiries. 
Their inlormation came from 
Indians interviewed about a 

generation after the conquest. 
As many anthropologi.ts 

know, to rely on memories for 

information about past 
custom. i. da,erous. Old 
men not only orget, they 
invent. Particular caution i. 
needed in this 'cue because 
the.e reports wer.e not 
eyewitnel.' account., but 
rank·and-file Indian.' gue.ses 
about what Aztec priests used 
to do with the corpse of a 
sacri6cial victim after it was 
cariied from public view. 
Sahagun did not interview 
Aztec priests. 

Arena contend. that people 
of every culture, sub.culture, 
religion, sect and secret 
society have at some time or 
other been labeled cannibals 
by other people •. For if they 
are cannibal., by definition 
they are inhuman and may 
therefore be ' exploited and 
even exterminated. The 
wiIIinpeu of anthropologiab 
to auapend the .lu!pticill11 
proper to .cholar. 
.hip when confron.t~d 
",elts to Ann. that It II a 
myth they also need. 

Tues_, Jan. 15, 1980 

ASSQCIATED PRESS 

NEWS BRIEFS 
~-----.-~ 
Plan to Boost Amtrak 

The Daily Guardian 3 
DOONES8URY 

LA -SD Route Ale red Costa Rica Nabs form of pneumonia, ha: taken unoothly and there are no 
. 2 US Tuna Boats a tum for the worse and was problems at all," said teat 

II:!- Di A pia tisted in ierious condition ~Les Eric Uoyd 
. ~n ~o - n to pwn~$l00 miltion in federal fund. SAN JOS-E' ,"_~_ D!__ _ ....-- man . t Am k '-OIUl IUCa yesterday, a. .pokeswoman 
10 0 ImprovlOg tra service tween Los Angeles and San Costa Rican gunship. seized for St. John' •. h'oapitallaid. High Schoolen 
Diei,o was de~~ibed by a Greynound bus otbcaf ye.terday as two American tuna boats in "There i. a deterioration in' 
unfair competition. the Pacific Ocean 90 miles vitallign. from the weekend," Prefer Cocaine 

The biD,. if appr~,ved by c.o"'p~s, would cut 40 minutes off from the port city of .aid Mar.ha Bolyanatz. ANN .AR8OR,-- aa!..L._ 
the ~a~~1 time ~ut would pn;>vide JOcrea.oo transportation at a Puntarenal, accbrding fo "P . I IftKII haprondhibitiv~y ~gh ~~t, 'Which would be paid ,by taxpayer authorities here and an co~l:~~~n:~"::.~ry ~~ use a~_~_~ ~ts. I8Id Willuun M. Stage, Greyhound s director of amateur radio 0r;rator iri The 86 .,._. .. ........ 0 ~ ..... .a1UUII 
operati -year-old entertain- .... inra but a ..n-.itv of on.. contact w, ith one 0 the fishing h ":-...1 ft -:~.., -----, 

I.t was. endorsed by Adriana Gianturco, director of the ve.seI.. . er, w 0 reun:a a er suffering a MIChigan .u~ndicat • 
Calif D E T .troke in November 1972, cocaine d . f orma epartrnent 0 ransportation who along with Stage Public Security Minister was admitted to the L_....!ta1 use .. our 
testified at. a hndearing held of the Ho:.se subcommittee on Juan Jose Echeverria said the Jan. 7 for treatm::r of = Ia~!ouna people in 
transportabon a commerce. boats were 'fishing in Costa e """'Ia. -

An even bigger federal investment, said Ms. Gianturco is Rici!n water. when they were pneumoni.ti.. . Of some 17,000 hi8h 
needed to 'improve rail passenger service along the 500-~ile captured. Costa Rica claims a Space Shuttle school seniors surveyed, tJ.e 
route from San Diego to Sacramento. 200-mile jurisdiction. p t number who said they used 9tiDK: airl~ re~ulation and rising fuel COlts, she.,aid "many The State Department in aSling elts cocaine at leut once in the 
Califonuans will find themselves priced out of tJie air travel Washington said it had heard CAPE CANAVERAL, put year rose from 6 percent 
market. report. of the seizure but could Fla. _ Astronauts Joe E'nIIe in 1975 to 12 percent last 

"We e~ou~age a federal,commitment for rail improvement in not officially confirm it. and Richard T ruI steered d!e year. Some 60 percent of the partne~ship . ~th the .• tate,' ~~e said, addi'!¥, that already the J" Du t' Space Shuttle (!0/wnbia on ~rs said ~ had tried 
SOO-mlle corridor WIth 20 milUon residents' i. one of the most .mmy ran e s. Mond~ a. the manned m;tana at once . 
heavily traveled in the country .... Its passenger use has already Cond.Ot."on Worse spacec ft entered the Ia.t and b the survey w .. conducted 
exceeded our estimatel." y university'.IMtitute for 

mo.t ambitious telt in its Social D__ ch 
Amtrak official Fletcher Prouty urged use of high-speed SANT A MONICA _ . current series of .imulated ncaear ,wbch has 

''bullet trains" between San Diego and the Ventura County of Comedian Jimmy Durante, operation.. polled high achooI senion in 
Oxnard throug~ Los .Angeles and the San Fernando Valley. hospitalized last week for a "The te.t i. ~proceed. ing 130publicandprivateschoola Pr~uty, lpeclal assistant to Amtrak's vice president, said the -----------____ ..::.:...~_=_~==~_ aeron the nation since 1975 • 
e1ectnc-powered, Japanese.type "bullet trains" could run 
profitab!y and retieve a track congestion while offering an 
alternative to the car, although he said special grading is needed 
to bank ~urves for passenger trains averaging 100 mph ormore. 

The nde between Los Angeles and San Diego now lasta 2 
hours and .35 minut.es. Under the bill introduced by Rep. Lionel 
Va.n Deer~n, D-CaM., Amtrak would be authorized to increa.e 
tram. and ~Ian for .traightening curves, install tunnels and 
doubJt: tracking and make other improvements along the Santa 
Fe Railway route. . 

ETS Admission Tests 
'Consumer Fraud' 

~ASHINGTON - The Educational Testing Service'l 
multiple-choice admission tests are "a consumer fraud" that do a 
poor job in predicting college performance and are biased 
ag~n.t ~in':lrities, a Ralph N~der-sponlOred .tudy charged. 

ETS clam to mea.ure aptitude and predict success are falae 
and unsub.tantiated," Nader charged at a news conference 
yesterday releasing a 550-page report entitled ''The Reign of 
ETS: The Corporation that Makel Up Minds.;' 

Nader compared ETS' Scholastic Aptitude Test SAT Law 
School Admi.sion Telt LSA T, Graduate Record Examin~tions 
G~E and 'Graduate Management Admission Te.t GMAT 
which more than two million American .tudents take each year' 
to "a roulette game." , 

. "People are struck out of opPQrtunities in educational career 
areas on the basis of a three-hour test," he said. Stand ... dized 
teats ."don't me~ur~ judgment, wisdom, experience, creativity, 
.tamlna, determmabon -- the actual chara'cteristic. that make for 
progress in human hi.tory." 

U~ Assembly ·Blasts 
~~~J!l~~!!!! ~verwhe~~ disa'pp~val yesterday night of the Soviet military 
Intervenbon In AfghalUstan. 1he vote on the resolution was 104-
·18 with 18 ab.tentionl. 

It was a .tunning rebuke to the Soviet Union which one week 
ago vetoed a simifar resolution in the Securit; Council. 

The General ~mbI)' vote came after four day. of debate at 
an e~ge~y selllOO called a~ the Soviets killed the Securit CounciJ action. y 

Lini Mosie OK. ~ ~ainst the ~viet. were ~ vast majori~llie~f 1be m a HUrd World nation. aIonf With the We.tern . 
allernbll vote mea~t. 12 of the 52 member. either wer~ ~:r.::t ,!r df thanot participate. The resolution needed a two-• 11)8JOnty 0 se voting for adoption. 

SoSpea.ker after. apeaker during the finalseaaion referred to the VIet mte~ntion a. "naked 8f8FeIsion." 
Mosc:o,!, • allies repeated the Kremlin'. claim that thousands b!c. SoYle:'" troops .wept south into Afghanistan Ia.t month "_~I.: t ~ountry'. Marxist government was threatened by u·.,..., ...... sm. 

&ew ... of the quick eve examination and contact lens fit. It may be too quick. The best 
eye examination and contact lens fitting Is painstaking, methodical, thorough. and consists 
of numerous tests. A minimum number of 4 viSits Is required to achIeVe a proper fit. Our 
offloe Is equipped with the most sophisticated, advanced and computerized Instrumenta. 
tlon In the world In order to achieve the beat eye examination and contact lens fitting possi_ 
ble. The following Is a description of some of the tests and procedures that are done In our 
office: 
• MEDICAL HISTORY - A cemplet, medical and ocular history Is taken by a written 

questionnaire. 
, 

• DIOPTRON-THE EYE COMPUTER - An electronic optical computer that analyzes 
your eyes and prints out • pretlmlnary prescription without the patient making 
anyjudgrnent. 

• NON'(x)NTACT TONOMETER ...L Checks pressure InsJQe your eye for glaucoma. it uses 
a gentle puff Of air requiring no drops. . 

• AUTOMA TIC TANGENT SCREEN - Automatically checks peripheral vision for abnor. 
mal blind spots which are Indicative of many !lye and brain diseases. 

• INFRARED FUNDUS PHOTOGRAPHY - A photograph Is taken of the back 01 your eye 
the retina, to check for ocular disease and for baseilne data. Infrared light I~ 
used, therefore no drops are needed. . 

• SLIT LAMP BIOMICROSCOPY - A special microscope to check the front part of the 
, eye, teer flow, the fit and movement of Ihe contacllerises. 

• ELECTRONIC DIGITAL PACHOMETRY - An optical electronic computer to ascertain If 
~nough oxygen Is getting through the contact lens to the cornea. This is very . 0 
Important particularly with 24·tlOlJr extended wear lenses. 

• AUTOMATIt ELECTRONIC LENSMETER - AnalYSis of your existing glasses elec-
tronically to extreme accuracy for comparison with the Dioptron results. 

• OPHTHALMOSCOPY - A procedure using a hand·held instrument to check the health 
of your eyes and to compare with the fundus photographs. 

• FIXATION DISPARITY - Indicates how well the two eyes coordinaie together and the 
amount of binocular fusion. 

• STEREOPSIS - A mealure of depth perception and quality of vision at read-
. Ing distance. 

• COLOR VISION - Checks for nOrrT~1 and the type of abnormal color vl.ion . Eight per-
cent of all males have some degree .of color blindness. 

Dr. D. A. Rare"'""" • AI.oct .... , 
Optometrl.t. 

1939 Grand Avenue • PaCific Beach, CA .272.2211 



• 

" 
The Daily Guardian . T ...... J .... 15, 1980 

Mitchell: UCSD 'Intellectualized' La · Jolla 
Continued ".,. 1 
sure knoW. They" find out 
when they uk me. 

G~ How do you think UCSD 
it perceived in San Diego? 

M: As UCSD came in I 
hadn't even realized what wu 
going to be the impact, and the 
impact turned out to be that it 
kind of intellectualized La 
Jola. lnatead 01 being mostly 
retured, wealthy people and 
lel'Vanta, it turned out we got 
an inftux of the inteUectuals. 
And it made quite a change in 
La Jolla. And you sudcfenly 
.tarted seeing people; it'. kind 
of loosened the town up. It 
kind 01 neutralized the so· 
cded snobbery. 

It prot,abIy had an impact 
on San Diego too, but I was 
thinIcint about La Jolla, and 
t1.e wu quite an impact, I 
felt, in adding a new climenaion 
to La Jolla. 

And we've noticed, too, that 
a few c:;' at Torrey PiMa School .ind 
Sc:rippI Elementary School, 
suddenly their scholastic 
standing went way up, 
beea .. they said •• thia wu 
the heanay in the community 
and also newspaper reports •• 

that a lot of the kids that attend 
those are profeuors' children. 
And it helped upgrade the 
standing in the school •. 

G: Do you think UCSO i. 
active enough in the 
community? 

M: No, I don't. And when I 
was on -the La JoDa Town 
Council a. a Tru.tee I 
proposed that they have an 
elected .tudent Trustee on the 
La Jolla Council. 

G: When was this? 
M: Oh, that was back in 

'71, '72, around there. And 
they did it for awhile; they had 
a liaison, anyway. Now 
whether they had an elected 
.tudent or not I can't 
remember. But I was then 
trying to get UCSD more 
active in the functiona in La 
Jola. I wanted their input. 
And I even sugjfested having 
La Jolla High School have a 
• tudent on the council. Why 
the hell not? Thty can go fight 
for the country, but nobody 
pays any attention to them 
when it comes to input. Just 
because they're 18 years old, 
or whatever, or 20, or 22 a. 
far u that goes at UCSD, 
doesn't .mean they don't have 

Deaths Spur CQuncil 
To Add Beach Stairs C., • "-".,. J 
1978, ... he w .. concerned about the "life and safety" of 
Ihoee ~ the beach. 

'7he .... that reeIJ. upset me at the time when I wu reaDy 
~ for Ihit atainr it that the pro-Black'. Beach 
.... itere .. ~, ~ W8nts the stairway 10 the police 
can CO down .... arrest our nudes.' And the jltople who were 
apinII the lwimauit-oplional. the so-called Chri.tian people, 
were .. )'ina, 'Mitchell wanta a .tairway so more maked people 
can ,0 ,down at the beach.' 

. "And I said both sides are selfish because what I'm really after 
it to saW! people'. lives," Mitchell said. 

The stairway, which Mitchell IBid will look "like a Chinese 
pasoda going up the side of the hill," was initially to cost 
$250,000, according to Vincent Marchetti from the city Parks 
and Recreation Dept., who estimates that the price has dimbed 
to $500,000. 

Marchetti said it may be awhile before the Torrey Pines 
ma.ter plan is completed beeause "there needs to be lOme 
coordinating done with the university since a good portion of the 
land is under lease from them." 

He allO said FAA approval will be necessary before "fixing 
up" the winged glider runway. 

Along with the runway, a grassy park and restrooms are also 
planned for that area. 

good idea •. 
G: How would the 

community start paying more 
attention to the .tudents? 

M: If they got them elected 
on the town council, you 
know, ~ad a position on there 
for them so you would be 
guaranteed an election of one. 
But maybe three would run for 
it. 

G: 00 you think the city 
council takes UCSO students 
seriously when they appear 
before the council? One 
incident I can reeaU is AS Vice 
Pre.ident Nancy Laga 
appearing before the council 
on the North City We.t issue. 
She was treated with derision. 

M : It seems to me I was 
imprelled with her when she 
was there, and they may not 
have paid any attention, 
because a lot of them had their 
minds made up on North City 
we.t, no matter who spoke . 

If Jesul Chri.t himaelf had 
come before there and said he 
opposed North City West, 
they would have voted for 
North City West. Of course, I 
voted against North City 
Well. And I can't remember, 
did somebody say something 
rude to her? 

G: I remember Schaubelt 
laughed at her. 

M : Yeah, he does that often 
with all ~ple. You know, I 
just think he'. terrible, but they 
misunderstood him. I'm not 
defending him, because I think 
he is rude sometimes. And he 
shouldn't be laughing no 
matter what because people 
do misinterpret him. 
Sometimes he s liiughing 
about something else, and the 
people think he's laughing at 
them. I've seen that happen, 
and I don't bother to say 
anything; I don't want to get 
involved in it. 

But he has been interpreted 
oftentimes as bein~ rude, and 
he really' .houldn t do things 
like that, because the public is 
very sensitive, and they elect 
UI, you know, and they don't 
like you getting up there and 
laughi'!8 at them and putting 
them down. 

I was a citizen out there too 
and I used to get pretty mad. I 
used to get mad when ther. 
would get up and wouldn t 
listen to a speaker. One of the 
little tactica we started doing as 
citizens is we just stopped. All 
of a sudden they would look 

around and think you 're 
. finished and you're still 
standing there looking at 
them, and they'd sayd, 'Oh, 
well excUie us!' and then 
they'd start listening to us. 

. But don't insult them. 
Don't say, "Well as soon as 

everyone sits down ... ," or 
something like that. Just say, 
"I was waiting for everybody's 
attention," you know. We'd do 
it in a polite way like that, and 
it wouid really make them pay 
attention. I do it right now 
when I'm on committees 
sometimes when I'm making 
my statement, and people start 
wandering around. 

Bakke Court 
Fee Awarded 

WOODLAND - A 
Superior Court judge on 
Monday ordered the 
university of California to pay 
$183,089 in fees to four 

attome~s who represented 
ADan Bakke in -a landmark 
reverse discrimination suit 
against UC. 

JarVis Initiative Scares UC 
Continued from pGIe J 
1181 asked his Dept. of rln8llCe 
to prepare a contingency plan 
to go to the legislature by 
March. 

AI no one it denying the 
potential opuJarity tjlX 
reduction. lei lor the voting 

. population, the pasaage of 
Jarvis II is a very real 
pouibility. 

Senator William Campbell 
(R.Los Angeles) puts it: 
"Brown's new budgd should 
have been written in 
disappearing ink 'cause after 
the passage of Jarvis II it will 
no longer be worth the paper 
it's printed on." 

But other members of the 
state government such a. 
Senator Rodda are attempting 
to impress upon voters before 
it is too late that, unlike 
Proposition 13, Jarvis II does 
not have a $5 billion surplus in 
the state coffers to cushion it. 

In addition, 18 montha from 
now, says the Rodda aide, the 
.urplus budget will also have 
run out and serious cuts will 
have to be made in the existing 
budget even without Jarvis II. 

One antidote to Jarvis II 
that is beginning to be 
discussed in Sacramento is a 

counter measure enacted by 
the legi.lature which will 
remove all exemptions from 
state income tax. 

Jarvis II would apply only to 
the tax rate, thus leaving 
lawmakers free to increase the 
liase, softening the blow 
considerably. 

Focus Seeks Voices for 
Peer Counseling Phones 

FOCUS, UCSO's major peer counseling program, IS IQOki.ng 
for students to man ils phone lines. 

Volunteers go through 16 hours of "intensive training," and 
weekly update sessions. 

FOCVS hOUri (the number is 452·4455) are 7 to 11 pm 
seven days a week. 

The training segions are scheduled for Tuesday, Jan. 15 at 6 
pm and Wednesday, Jan. 16 at 6 pm. 

Interested s~enta should ('311 Mark Dressner (271.4342), 
Sue MarshaD (459.8625) C'~ Steve Mizuno (455.5925). 

FOCUS was founded ir 1977 and tries to help students deal 
with everything from boo friend/girlfriend problems to stress at 
school or at home. 

WHO ME .. !t , . womancare 
THE STUDENT REGENT? 

Applications are now available for the position of Student Regenl 
The position is open to all currently enrolled UC students who wiD 

attend a UC campus next year. 
- SeIf-h..>lp 

A time commitment and expertise in systemwide issues affecting students are important 
qualifications, but not absolute neceuities. 

Nominating Commission applications are also available. 

One graduate and one underi"aduate from each campus ~ be selected to be 
a part of .this Conunis.ion that will decide the Student Regent semi·finalists. 

APPLICA nONS AND INFORMA nON ARE AV AlLA8LE AT 
THE ASSOCIATED SnJDENTS OFFICE (452-4450). lHE DEADUNE FOR 

S1\JDENT REGENT IS JANUARY 23, 1980; FOR NOMINATING COMMISSION 
FlUDA Y, JANUARY 18, 1980. 

-Wellwoman 
- Pregnancy 

ICreenlng . 
- abortion 

up to 16 weeki 
_ birth control 
_ childbirth 

16164 .. A .... 
Ian Diego, CA 

92103 
01' cal: 29MU2 

ot .... ..-.-.. ........ ...-.... 

.. . "-- . ..,.... . . -' . . 
... 

Tues., Jan. 15, 1980 

Tritons Coast in j 
Basketball Victories 

By J. Rigby Slight 
Last week the Tritons put 

together three victories in a 
concentrated effort to stamp 
out the stigma that basketball 
at UCSD must be an 
embarrasment. 

The first win came against 
Mt. Senerjo last Wedneaday 
rught. The Tritons opened up 
the game with a quick 12'point 
lead and then coasted to an 
easy 91·80 victory. . 

outICored Northwestern 20·4 
and finished the first half with a 
nine·point advantage. They 
built up a hefty 25·point lead 
early in the second half, and 
then coasted to a 82·65 
victory. 

Six·foot guard Dana 
Bedfard had one of the finest 
performances of the young 
season. He played aggressive 
defense, and scored 25 points 
in the game: 

The Daily Guardian 5 

An away game against Cal 
Tech on Friday night turned 
into a second·half route. The 
Tritons built up a 39·30 half 
time lead , and then exploded 
for 50 points in the final half 
for an 89·53 total. Kevin ' 
Douglas, Cameron Thomas, 
and 5'8" guard Nate Forte 
had 9, to, and 18 points 
respectively to lead the UCSD 
offense. Ironically this was 
supposed to be the year that 
Cal Tech, a traditional 
doormat, was going to put it all 
together. 

The team raised its overall 
record to 10· 7, the best record 
of any four ·year college in the 
San Diego area. They are 10· 
2 against other NAIA teams, 
and after . 12 games against 
such opponents they have 
posted a 91· 70 point spread. 

Johnson Changes Sport, School . 

The last .victory came 
against Northwestern. This 
was the only game in which 
there was any question of the 
outcome. Northwflstern 
opened up with a nine-point 
lead after the first 10 minutes. 
The Tritons then took control 
of the game. At one time they 

Northwestern and Mt. 
Senario are nwnber one and 
two in their league in 
Wisconsin. Both teams went 
to the NAIA playoffs last 
year. I 

Coach Ron Carter credits 
much of the success of the year 
to the team's overa'fl 
performance. 

"When we fir.t started 
playing, everyone was playing 
individually. By Christmas we 
had jeUed into a ba.ketball 
team. Now we are a family," 
he said. 

"'eerst' lurn 10 paRe 7 

THE 
FRESHMAN---
RECORD I 
I ' Is herel Pick up 
'-------- your copy at our offices 

In the. Coffee Hut todayl 

By Barbara Haa. 
Senior Staff W mer 

five years ago, Shennan 
Johnson quit running track so 
he could play basketball. His 
sophomore year in high school 
was the fir.t time he had ever 
participated in basketball, and 
he decided he liked the sport 
well enough to .tick with it. 
"It'. more fun than running 
around that little track," he 
says. 11vee teams and two 
school. later, Johnson is .liD 
playing basketball al UCSD'. 
.tarting center - and still not 
running track. 

Johnson, in hi. first year at 

UCSD as a junior,. transferred 
from Long Beach City Colege 
to play ba.ketbaD under Bob 
K1oppenberg, who re.ianed 
three months ago to taJCe a 
scouting job for the Seattle 
Supersonic.. "My college 
coach knew of him, and once 
we scrimmaged against a 
team 01 his. I wal impressed 
with how hard those guy. 
played. When I heard he wal 
goil:'8 to be here, that'. when I 
decided to corne to San 

~" o. nberg'. resignation 
at fir.t disappointed Johnson 
but Carter's enthu.ia.~ 

overcAme any feelings of 
regret Johnson had at 
choosing UCSD. "Coach 
Carter is reaDy a poMiW! 
person. He'. there, and you 
know he'. not aettinI paid that 
much, and all the 1M" on the 
team know he I • vice 
principal at an elementary 
Ichoo1 ...,.. 10 the guy has to be 
doing this just beCause he ikea 
it 10 much. So if he'. ,ot this 
other job, then it maJrea you 
not really worry about 
.tudring and. playin, 
buketbd ~ you jolt ,0 and 
do it." 

Pkcrse lam to pale t 

TODA Y THRUTHURSDA Y 
IN,ONLY 60,MINUTES, 

INCREASJ: YOUR 
MEMORY POWERS BY 1000/0. 

EAEE 
IN~RODUCTORY LESSON 

, 

COME TO A FREE INTRODUCTORY SIXTY MINUTE MEMORY POWERS ~ESSON. LEARN HOW TO DR MATI CALL Y IMPROVE YOUR GRADES AND 
SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCE YOUR STUDY TIME 

BY IMPROVING YOUR MEMORY POWERS. 

UC SAN DIEGO-REVELLE 'COLLEGE 
Tuelda, . Wed nelda, Thursda, 

3 pm, HL 1118 11 am, USB 4030A 10 am APM 2301 
5:45 pm, USB 4070 5:45 pm, USB 3070 5:45"':', USB 3070 

....... .., lie Student 0 .......... for Aft ........ ' ............. 
,... II 1ft lncI.p.ndlnt ..,.... of MIIIIOIy M ........ Inc .. 8nCI not en ••• _ 

offer", of UCID. 



I The Daily Guardian 
Tues., J .... IS, 1980 

Birth Center Humanized 
............ 

In keeping with effortl 
throu,hout the medical 
prof__ to humanize the 
relalionlhip between docton 
.nd patient., University 
Hoapital i. modifyinc it. 
maternity ward ~ to 
provide a safer and more 
nabll'lll enviroI ... nt for San 
Die8o'. neWborn. 

S-ome of the recently in............ imovaliona in 
the ward include u.ing 
midwiws rather than doctors. 
24-haur roominc in which 
mod.t can keep their infant. 
with ...... and 10 am to 10 
c.:.liting privileges for 

• A "amiIy room" concept 
• baa ., ~ inIIiIutecI at the 

ho.pital. where a baby'. 
brother. and .i.ter. are 
encouraged to vilit their new 
sibling in order to promote 
family acceptance. 

According to £lizabeth 
Morpn, administrative nurse 
on the Poat.Partum Roor of 
the hospital, these innovation. 
are intended to encourage 
early bonding of the family 
and it. new addition. 

"Infant bonding." she say., 
"i. the contact loitering an. 
earl)' phyaical and emotional 
tie between the infant and 
family member •. " . 

"Bondi." i. expected to be 
a IUCceuful deterrent to child 
.hllle. " Morgan continues. 
"In auc:h aiel 01 a lack of 
parental interest in a chiICI, we 

have social worker. available 
to work with both parent.." 

Each of the.e new concept. 
in the ward falls under the 
admini.tration of the Total 
Maternity Care Program, part 
of UCSD'. Deparbnent of 
Ob.tetrics and Gynecology. 

University Hospital offer. 
three variation. on the TMCP. 
'The 6r.t, the Nurse Midwifery 
Option, coven prenatal, 
delivery, and po.t partwn care 
by a phy.ician.supervised 
midwife. . _ 

The Early Discharge 
Option includes the Nurse 
Midwifery Option plus only a 

Please lum 10 poge 8 

Footprints Flesh Out F o,ssils 
By Bryan Heard 

Scienti.ts working in 
northern Kenya have 
discovered follilized footprints 
of an ead,y ancestor of ·man 
which are nearly 1.5 million 
yean old. 

'The footprints were made 
by a human meBluring 
between five and five and a 
half meters tall and weighing 
about 120 pounds, according 
to Dr. Anna Behrenlllleyer of 
UC Berkeley, co·leader of the 
e~tion 'wh~h made the 
discovery. 

Shirley Strum, alii stant 
~feslOr of Anthropology at 
UCSD, calls th~ find 
"exciting" because footprint 
fouiJ. are 10 rare, "'There are 
a lot of tool. and bones, but 
hardly any footprints, which 
are about the only direct 

indication of what the Se.hy 
part of these early hominid. 
was like," she says. 

Footprints ca'n give 
evidence of how early 
hominids walked-whether 
they had a striding gait ~ke 
modern man, or a . more 
"waddling" gait like the ape', 
Strum say •. 

Scientilts believe two 
di.tinct species of hominid. 
existed when the footprint. 
were made: Homo Erectu., 
believed to be a direct ancestor 
of modern man, and Homo 
Australopithecus, said to have 
become extinct. 

Behrensmeyer has said she 
believes the footprints were left 
by Homo &ectus, because 
bones of this species of 
hominid have been found in 

nearby regions. If thil is 10, it 
means these are the oldest 
known footprints made by a 
direct ancestor of man. Three 
and a half million-year-old 
footprints of Australopithecus 
have previously been found in 
nearby Tanzania. 

But Strum thinks the 
evidence is far from conclusive 
on this point. "It is difficult to 
make conclusions of this kind 
from the circumstantial 
evidence that we have," she 
sayl, "because people have 
their own theories and are 
likely to be biased in such a 
way that they see the evidence 
as matching their own theory." 

Scientists do agree that 
whatever made the footprints 
probably looked very similar 
to modern man. 

-THE -
FOOD CO-OP 

IS OPEN! 

NOW OPEN 
Sr,list 
MAGIC RAZOR 

In the Student Center 

Fresh organic produce, 
nuts, grains, breads, 

Alta Dena dairy products 

WHOIIIAII AND RETAIL PRICES 
open 10 - 5, Mon - Fri 

11 - 4, Sat 
closed Sun 

Food for people 

not for profit 

NanCE: ThlI Friday. January 18. 
rhert will be. pot lucie at 7:00 pm In ,he __ :.' 
Coffee Hut. Brillll food to aet In. The --..~-,,--~/ 
Coffee Hut Renovation Committee will 
_ followl"l the dinner-admillion to 

thillCalnd -"'cia free. 

La Jolla 
Village Square 

au,s & gals-how would )lOU like to wake up 
in the morning and rwn y<?Ur brush thTOugh,our 
hair and have it all fall into place! If JOU 
hat,oen't experienced this:Yet. come on in and try 
one of our precision hairstyles, We have ten 

sr,lists to seAle :yow. 
. 

OPEN: 
Mon-Fri 10 am-9 pm 

Sat 10 am-6 pm 
Sun 12 pm-S pm 

r----------------------------~ I I 
: MAGIC RAZOR HAIR DESIGN: 
: with this coupon: : 
: .$3.5° OFF ANY HAIRSTYLE : 
:$to.oo OFF ANY PERM FOR MEN~ 
I OR WOMEN I 
I I 
: Coupon good thru Jan 3 1, 1980 : 
: Call for appointment if 'YOU prefer : 
• I 

------------------------------

.. 

Tues., Jan. 1~, 1980 

Classifieds 
announcements 
Want some experience? Work with the 
State Legislature; Lobby Annex 
position open . Call ASx4450. 
l.Sago.( 1/16) 
CHANGE YOUR LIFE THIS 
TUESDAY!!Dr. Frederick Lenz, author 
01 Lifetimes: True Accounts of 
Reincarnation, Total Rela)(ation, and 
Tota! Intimacy will conducl a lour 
week INTENSIVE seminar in 
MEDITATION, PSYCHIC EXPLORA-
TION and SELF DISCOVERY. At these 
seminars, you will learn a variety of the 
most advanced meditation 
communication and relaxBtlo~ 
techniques known. Admission to 
these seminars is FREE to members of 
the UCSO community. Dr. Lenz's 
seminars are sponsored by the San 
Diego Meditation Club of UCSD. The 
seminars will be held on Tuesdays, 
4:00 pm at APM rm. 5880; and at 7:30 
pm HL 1148. (1 115) 
Interested in a Fellowship for this 
summer? SCU/JI can help. The time to 
apply is NOW! (I l lS) 
The 1980-81 SCURI Director will have 
been a Staff Assistant. Apply now. 
452-3917. (1/18) 
SCURI WANTS YOUI Apply for a Staff 
Assistant pOSition todayl (I / 18) 
LEARN KOREAN KARATE! For men 
and women. Tang Soo Do develops 
physical strength, coordination and 
agility. It 's also very effective in self-
defense. The class will start on Tues. 
Jan IS, 4 pm at the North Balcony in 
Main Gym. For further inlo, call 755-
5621. (1 / 15) 
Raquetball organization meeting this 
Thursday at 4:00 in Rec. Conf. Rm. 
Members of the UCSD RB Club play 
racql./fJtball every Thursday evening 
at Black Mt. Racquetball Club. For info. 
call 453-7555.(1 117) 
Alln: ALL WOMEN who wanl to play 
waterp% in the spring meet at pool at 
5:30 Jan 16. Be there. DAN (1 115) 
Interested in helping others, learning 
about leadership and meeting people 
who want to do the same? CIRCLE 
"K "meets Wednesday at 6 :00 pm in 
the Revella Informal Loun e ! (1 116) 

personals 
Work WIth the state Legislature-Lobby 
Annex job open. Contact Associated 
Students ~4450. Linda Sabo. (1 116) 

I'M SORRY PRIYA, I W AS BLIND. 
FRIENDS? MIKE (254)(1 / 15) 
To Carolyn from South Pas on New 
Yrs. Eve. Lets get in touch-Bryan 453-
3248. (1 115) 

for sale 
HART FREESTYLE SKI/S, TyrQlia 
blndmgs. $80 JUC Porlable cassetta. 
$175. 455-0778. (1/16) 
Get tha best detergent wholesalel 85 
lb. bags at $60, not the usua l $85. Call 
Susie, 453-9376. 

housing 
Condo for rent 1 tenant needed, 2 
blOCKS from UCSD, jacuzzi, pool 2 car 
garage, $200. 453-0724, or 455- 7360. 
(1 115) 

Roommate wanted- need clean, resp . 
student to share Mira Mesa condo. 
Own BR, bath, EXTRAS, $165. 578-
3278. (1 117) 
Roommate wanted own rm lawn all 
gas sm/l garden Ige kitchen patio Mira 
Mesa ~h 566-04~3 after 6. (1/ 15) 
Room lorrent $175 piuS 113 utilities. 
Poo/, jacuzzi, racKetball. 755-8426. 
(1 116) 
Own room in Cardiff duple)(.Firepiace 
yardl gar. comm pool shere with 3 in 4 
Bd. 21 12 Bh. 137Imo.& 114 uti!. Dep. 
& last mo. rent;>am 279·0122 (1 .18) 
Available roommate: prefer University 

. City, nonsmoker, call Jeanne 459-
4782 (1 116) 

2 roommates wanted to share a 2 
bedroom, 1 loft condo in So/ana Bch. 
Ouiet community seconds from 
bch.Call 755-4635 for more info. 
(1/16) 
HOUSE TRADE:Paris -UCSD area. A • 
French psychologist would like to visit 
UCSD during July through September 
(any two months). He is Interested in a 
house trade. His apartment in Paris is 
quite nice {f have seen it)./t has 3 
b«irooms, a living room, and a kitchen 
(large by French standards) It is 
located 600 meters from the 
Lu)(emberg Gardens. Anyone 
interested in a trade should contacl 
me:DonaldA. Norman, Psych%gyC-
009,UCSD, X4888.Home 481 -0115. 
(1/ 16) 

Muir & Warren CoUegea present: 

WHALE------
WATCHING-------

Saturday, January 19 
11 :30·2:30 pm 
Tackets $4.00 

Located .at Seaforth 

TICkets on sale at 
the UEO Box Office 

The Daily Guardian 

Room or half room needed 
immediately. GaI/455-6697. (I l IS) 

wanted 
Wanted:The complete set o f manuals 
for EEGS 61 from fall qtr. Gall 459-
2215 (I l lS) 
WANTED: Chaperones and tutors for 
Europe and Me)(ico tours. Discounts 
for your services. Call 714 -540-
9477.(211) 
Divorced persons needed for psych 
study at UCSD. Earn $$$ and 
learn. tall SCott 270-0351 or 452-
3916.'(1116) 
Part-time position distributing local 
newspaper to coin racks and dealers, 
25 hours per weel<, salary plus 
commission Wed. Hours are 6:00pm-
1 :00 arrr.cther hours are fle)(ibie. 
Contact Diane for interview l appoint· 
ment 459-4201 . 

Can you play your nose? Serious 
nasal music talent wanted for nose 
band. Gall Greg, 453-7614. (t / 16) 

WANTED: 2 student volunteers to 
serve as co-coordinators for the 
CASINO San Diego Metropolitan 
Internship Program. lJesponsibililies 
include Ofganizing program, selling up 
internships, meeting with local 
politicians and other officials to secure 
internships. Min. 10 hrs I wI<. Good 
writing , and organizational skills 
needed. May lead to paying job and 
paid internship in San Diego, 
Sacramento or Wash DC. Inquire at 
CASINO, Student Center )(4450. 
(1/16) 

services 
WRITE BETTER PAPERS. Send $1 for 
our booklet "Tips on Academic 
Writing" and our descriptive catalogue 
of thousands of collegiate research 
topics. 80)( 4241 -5B Berkeley, CA 
94704 (415) 239-6339. (1 124) 
Term 'paper blues? Will type and edit 
English, Scientific, all theses and 
dissertations. Sue: 729-9543.Carls-
bad. (1 118) 
HOMEWORKERS: Eflfn $50.00/ hun-
dred securing, stuffing envelopes. 
Free details, reply: TItan, L14W, Bo)( 
94485, Schaumber, III. 60124. (211) 

Typists: IBM e)(perl theses / disserl 
term papersl editing. RUSH jobs! 453-
0656, 452-1488. 286-4936,225-1449. 
(6115) I 

Men, Women;,JOBS! CRUISESHIPS! 
SAILING EXPEDITIONS! SAILING 
CAMPS.No E)(perience, Good pay. 
Summer, career, NA TIONWIDE. 
WORLDWIDE ! Send $4.95 lor 
a pplicalion /i nfo l referrals to 
CRUISEWORLD 205 8{»)( 60129, 
Sac ramento,Ca 95870.{1 / 30) 
JENNY's HOME TYPING-- Term 
papers, theses, diss. Days and" eves, 
225-1449 (617) 

Ski-tune up! 
We will sharpen, P- TX & hot wa)( skis 
lor $8.00 $15 value! 453·5629, Mike or 
Tom. (1115) 
D lssertation l thesis! Have your 
dissertationl thesis put Into memory 
which savas time aOO $1 ... dditions 
deletions & corrections simplifiei 
perfect copy. Gall 296-6973 before 3 
pm, ask for Audrey. (216) 

Typing - term papers. theses, diss. 
IBM correcti,.,g selectric. Reasonable 
Mrs. Olds, 455-1027. (1 120) 
;Fast accurate typing reasonable 
rates Gall Shirley Franks 272-8889 
between 7:00 am and 1:00 pm (1118J 

lost & found 
Lost: Gold chain with charmsfloltJer 
and nine charms. Sentimental value. 
Reward. II found please call 287-9992. 
(1I16) 
GOLD BRACELET FOUND ON 
REVELLE PI.THWAY Phone John at 
488-554910 cl8im. (1119) 
HELP!Lost Tues. In USB 3010 a book 
"Philosophers ' Stone. "If lound pleasa 
return CUL or I'll have to payl (1118) 
LOST-beige jacket with hood missing 
s ince Thurs. If found please call Usa 
Benaron 488-3808. (1117) 
Lost contact lens case containing 1 
lens boiler a pair of glasses conlact 
Ray 453-7880.1 need my eyes! 
REWARD: Lost silver chain bracelet 
last week. Sentimental value. 455-
9679 Wendy. 

Sherman 
Johnson 
Contin'" from pate 5 

7 

BasketbaU at UCSD forced 
an adjustment in Johnson's 
style of p)ay and his 
philosophy. He was used to a 
straight man-to-man defer. 
in both high school and junior 
coIege, with no variations. 
Under Carter the defen.e is 
ccriinuoualy changin,. It took 
a few weeks to become 
acclimated to the new .)'Item. 

After adjUiting to another 
style of play. Johruon'. talents 
became evident. He'. good • . 
and he's ,01 a wint span that 
reaches acrou the room. He'. 
one of the team'. ..... 
reboundera. wiIb an .v ..... 

._ of 7 per .. ame. 
~~.. Mel difficulty 

ad; to the lack of support 
from the IIudenta and· the 
community. It'. "part of 
coJete buIretbeII" to pia,. in 
~ 01 • crowd, and .JOhn.on 
it a bit confu.d and upeet 
aIiout the lack 0I.-cta1on. U 
the team keep. win.... .. 
they have been lately. (they've 
won five 01 their Jut six 
...... > the team ....... . 
=.e chance 01 ..... the 

tide. 

Tritons 
Win 3 

ConIinueJ from ,... 5 
The hard~ 1·3-1 

trap defense IhouIcI a110 be 
noted. Though it is vulnerable 
to in~ penetration, it can be 
extreinely effective against 
team. that don't pall and 
dribble well. 

On the well balanced 
offense, Sherman Johnson, 
Anthony rder, Dana Bedard, 
and Gary Haynes have all be 
steady performer~. 

_ t l1'li "*'-ted In AImed FOfCea HIIIth ProlMalonl Schol8l'lh1p apportunltlea. 
I underNlld.,.,. is no obligation. 
o Army 0 ~i8n 0 Veterinary" 0 Optometry 
o NIvy 0 Psychology (PhD) 0 Podiatry" 
o Air Fcm:. (pMut print) 

~~----------------------------___ ~O M OF 
~MML-__________________________ ~.~---______ ~_ 

Cityr _________ Sta .. ~ ______ ...I.7:1p1p'------'"'-'------__ 
Enrolled81 .. L-.. __________ (SchooII,...~ ___ -..,.. _____ __ 
To g,...1n Ileg ________ _ 

tMonIII . .,., 
.=:~ 8cIIoIIrIhipe IIGI MIiIII* In Nelly 1'IogrIm; 

IIGI MIiIII* In Mrr, ~ 



• 

Alternative Births 
c,."iJ_ from fNIIe 6 
one or two day stay in tfie 
ho.pitaI followm, delivery , 
rather than the uauallhree. 

The third variation of the 
plan utilizes the Alternative 
Birth Center. deai,{ned for 
families wantins _an indivi· 
dualized, simplified childbirth 
withoultraditional intravenous 
feeding and monitoring 
devices. 

The entire TMCP offen the 

flexibility of a home birth along 
with special backup care used 
in criais situations. Because of 
this, says Morgan, the TMCP 
is one of the most popular 
maternity -.JWograms in the 
county. lnere ,were over 
2,000 deliveries at University 
Hospital last year while 
portions of the program were 
in operation, and the 16·bed 
unit is always busy, she adds. 

Morgan indicates that the 
costs of the TMCP are 

comparatively low considering 
the maternity plans of other 
local hospitals. The TMCP 
cost for a three day stay is 
$900, the Early Discharge ' 
Option is $800 for a two day 
stay and $650 each for the 
Early Discharge (one day) and 
Alternative Birth Center 
options. 

Another facet of the 
maternity ward operation is 
postpartum care provided to 
parents and newborn. Such 
care includes a Lactation 
Clinic, with instruction in 
breast feeding, and a 
postpartum v,isit by a 
physician four to six weeks 
after delivery. 

T~,Jan. 15, 1980 

Berman Tries Allai-n 
SACRAMENTO (AP) - Assembly insurlent Howard 

Berman, stymied in his week· long assault on Speaker Leo 
McCarthy, look a new tack Monday .. trying 10 undermine some 
of the speaker's hUle powers. 

Berman and his Democratic supporters want to change the 
Assembly rules "to transfer some authority to the Democratic 
and Republic caucuses," Berman said Monday. 

One of those changes could be having the majority party 
caucus, instead of the entire Assembly, elect the speaker. 

That would obviously benefit Berman, who has a 26·24 
majority of the Democratic caucus but cannot muster 41 votes 
on the floor to oust McCarthy. 

The Assembly will meet in an unusual 5 pm session 
Wednesday night to work on possible rule changes. 

During the normal Monday session, Berman backers made 
their fourth unsuccessful, attempt to remove McCarthy. Like 
last week, they could collect oJlly a 27·1 vote, 14 short. 

Power-Sharing May Be Answer for South Africa 
,~ #rom ",. 2 
....n statea, moet of which would be ethnically homogeneous, but without any 
CIOIIIpUItory .,.. .. tion and with complete freedom of movement. There would be 
• national parliament with two houses, one representing the federated states and 
the ~ .. a whole. The popu/arhouse would be elected by mean. of 
JIOIapGI • repreHIItation, and eadl II1'OUP would also be proportionally 
.... 1nIed in the cabinet. • 

The federal idea alto has Qnificant .u~rt in the black community. Chef 
Ga. Buthelezi, the undiaputeC! leader of the Zulus (comprising about one·fifth of 
South Africa's total population) and highly popular among other black ethnic 
."..,. u_ well, has advOcated a federal solution for many yean. A large survey 
conducted amont boIh whites and urban blacks in 1977 by a German reaearch 

, 

from University Events 

~. man and beast at natures mercy. 
There.awe and Io\Ie and reverence. 

And there is the man called ... 

Roger Corman Presents ' DerSIJ Uzala" / Directed by Aklra Kurosawa 
A New World Picture a ~ CEngWIlUbMIM) 

7 & 9:30 pm, USB 2722 
$1.50 

University Events Box Office 
452-4559 

team under the direction of Professor Theodor Hanf found that the whites preferred 
continued white minority rule and that the blacks preferred simple majority rule. 
Rut the second best solution mentioned by both blacks and whites was power· 
sharing. 

Can the US government do anything to promote this peaceful and democratic 
solu~on? One ~sir~ble st~p would ,be a change in official pron0w:'c~ments. In' 
President Carter s Annapolis speech m June 1978, he caJled. for "ma,onty rule" in 
countries like South Africa. In a later part of the speech, he praised American 
democracy because it entails "the right of every individual to speak out, to 
participate fuly in government, and to share political power." Why not press for 
political change in South Africa in these same terms? Instead of insisting on 
majority rule, it would be more constructive to call for full political participaton 
through a syste of democratic power.sharing. 

• 

BECAUSE 
There is no automatic insurance coverage ... 

You may want to 

"Cover 
Your 
Bod" 

, Winter quarter enrollment 
now in progreu 
deadline: February 3 -

All registered .tudents and 
post docs are eligible. 

Infonnation and applications are available at 
Student Health Services. Student premium 
$34.25 per quarter, spouse $44, children 

$44. 

UcaD has a. 
DENTAL GBDUP 

at the 
Student Health Center 

with 

• EXAMINATIONS 
• DENTAL WORK, 
• HYGIENISTS 

are available for 
cleaning teeth 

I 

We can do spouses, too! 

Student Rates 

MONDAY thru FRIDAY 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 

phone: 452-2080 

How long has it been since y'ou've 
seen a dentist? 


