
The Dailx Guardian· 
Volume 39, Volume 8 Univenity of Califomia, San Diego Wedneaday, January 16, 1980 

Senate Bill. Revives ' 
Daycare Funding Hope 
A b~1 scheduled for a vote tomorrow in the State Senate could 

be the UCSD Daycare Center's last chance to expand this year. 
If it paases, Alan- Sieroty's (D-Los Angeles) bill, AB 863, 

would provide $26 million for childcare programs across .the 
state, 

UCSD's Daycare Center could be one of the first programs to 
benefit . from .the legislation because it is seeking money for 
expansion of Infant care, one of the top funding priorities of the 

Please tum to page 12 

US· Stumbling Through 
Iran Crisis, Says Bill ' 

By Sam Gooch 
Aeeociate New. EditOl' 

"The United States has made one policy blunder after 
another" in handling diplomatic relationships with Iran, both 
before and during the hostage crisis, University of Texas 
Professor James A. Bill charged here Iut night. . 

. BiD spoke before an audience of 250 in USB 2722 on 
America and the Iranian Revolution. 

"The United States failed totally even to see the January, 
1978 Iranian Revolution coming," BiD said. The revolution 
claimed the liv~ of more than 20,000 Iranian citizens, and, 
accordins to BiD, "directly affected million. of Iranians." 

BiD alleged that President Carter, as late as December 12, 
1977, publicly stated, "The Shah is in control and we support 
hi " m. 

According to Bill, United States involvement with Iran began 
in 1953 with the CIA intervening to install and back the Shah as 
a monarchical head of state. 

"Since that time," said am, "America has seen only the tip of 
pyramid. Because of bad diplomacy and inadequate media 
coverafte, we saw only (the Shah's Iran) and not the true slate of 
affairs. 

BiD claimed that Kissinger and Rockefeller policies "made 
matters much worse." He said he predicted four months before 
the Revolution ~t "as long as that group remains inOuential 
the relationship between the United States and Iran will b~ 
flawed." 

"It waa a mistake for the United States to grant the Shah 
military asylum," Bill said. . 

"It was another mistake to support the Shah until the end." 
Compounding United States/Iran relations is America's gross 

misunderstanding of Iran's vital hi. tory and pervasive Islamic 
religion and culture, he said. "n.e lack of communications 
between us is a great tragedy." 

"Iran and the United States are natural allies; we need each 
o~ ," BiD added. 

CEP. Consolidates Campus 
Basic Science' Courses 

Science Classes Sh'ifted 
Br Jeffrey S. Lee quarter sequence, Natural Science, for all 

and Risa Lee Podolaky Revelle students, but this is confusing for the 
Staff Writers students. For example, a girl came in wanting to 

Major course revisions in the science know why two of her classes were'exactly the 
departments are scheduled for this fall, David same. She was taking both Natural Science and 
Wong, "area chairman" of the Physics Science," Revelle provost Chia Wei Woo says. 
department said yesterday. . (For course c:hantIes see pap 10.) 

The ch~nges will. co~solidate the Rev~lIe Third College Provost Joseph Watson says 
Na.tural Science, Mwr Science, and the Third that the changes "will enable us to serve the 
SCience and Technology R rt ' tw students better. There wiD be 
programs into department. a 0 less confusion and students 
orient~ classe~. in Physics, 01 Mitchell will stop having to wait a full 
Chemistry and Biology, Wong year to pick up a sequence" if 
says. interview- they failed a cI .... or have to 

Already existing Physics, See page 12. drop a c1841. This "wiD give 
Chemistry and Biology classes . - \ students more variety" in their 
will be revised and updated to fit the new choice of classes," he adds. 
program. And Murray Goodman, chair of the 

The course changes will start in the fall of chemistry department believes the changes 
1980-81 , with existing sequences continuing don't affect the colleges at all. 
until they are completed or replaced by the new "We are not trying to minimize requirements 
courses. The transition will be complete by the in the sciences, social sciences, and the 
end of the 1980-81 year, Wong says. humanities. They are still there -- and they are 

The most important changes will take place what give each college its own different flavor. 
in the Revelle and Third programs, which will We are leaving them un-touched." 
be "eliminated" and replaced by courses that Woo says "there is still some ironing out that 
"give students a chance to be grouped by ability needs to be done, but we don't expect any·major 
rath~r than college," according to Hazel problems -- the advantage. far outweigh the 
Alksnis, Revelle assistant provost. disadvantages." 

Despit~ the dismantling of their programs, "The only problem that I see," Wong says, 
the college provosts back the changes. "and I don't think it's a very real problem, is the 

TraditionaUy, Revelle has a five to six PIea.e tum to pafe 12 

Student Lobby Tal)(ing More on 
Issues, Writing Fewer Bills 

By Carelyn Friday impact on students, such aa the biD prohibiting a 
Sacramento Correspondent student from collecting l,Inemployment 

In an unusual departure from previous insurance. 
policy, the UC Student Lobby has been TraditionaUy student billa never did weD in 
instructed by its board of directors, the Student the Senate, but the Asaembly was usually 
Body Presidents Council, to support the "anti favorable to them. ''Those Prop 13 babies, the 
discrimination against homosexuals" bill which freshmen Republican asaeinblymen who were 
passed in the state legislature's Ways and elected as a result of Proposition 13, are much 
Means Committee Tuesday. more conservative and lea, receptive to 

Until now the UC Student Lobby has students because students have always been for 
C?nfined. itself ~o education issues or legislation programs that cost money," says Dean 
directly mvolvmg students. Morehous, UCLA student body president 

"The action is justified since job before ' his removal because of elections 
discrimination ba&ed on sexual orientation does violations and now a legislative aide in the 
affect some univertity students," lobby co- Assembly. 
ordinator Amid Jaramillo says. "In this post-Prop 13 era, even the 

But the eight year-old student lobby has been Democrats are reacting. They are worried 
changing its focus in other ways aa well. For about retaining their seats more than about the 
example, this year for the first time the lobby students, 10 they too are voting more 
will not introduce any legislation, with the conaerv~tively," added Morehous. 
possible exception of a regulatory proposal to As Shontz says, "Students are not the threat 
control standardized testing preparatory they once were because it's been proven that 
courses. students don't vote." ~-

In past years the student lobby had initiated a ThI student lobby, the directors argue, is no 
bill prohibiting housing discrimination against longer bent on putting the UCsystem on the 
students on three separate occasions: a truth in firing line. Where the student lobby once used 
testing bill which was the first bill of its kind in the legislature to make their concern felt by the 
the country~ the faculty access to files bill and systemwide administration, the lobby js now 
the controversial student financial aid bill which joining forces with the administration to fight 
defined students independent for financial aid the legislature, 
qualification. 'We're both faced with the fiscal crunch, and 

According to Jamarillo and co-directors we realize we must work together to keep what 
- David Shontz and Paul Rogers, the change jn monies are available to the UC system," says 

the composition ' of the legislature is now Jarammo. 
dictating a more defensive strategy, As an example of this new period of 

. cooperation, the lobby has decided to take a 
The lobby this session is devoting most of its neutral stance on a student records bill that the 

energy to convincing legislators to vote against administration has been working desperately to 
a growing number of bjlls having a negative defeat in the legislature since last year. 

Erratum 
In Monday's article about the Coast Cruiser, 

the impression was l 'ven that this service is 
available all weeken . "The Coast Cruiser runs 
Sundays only at the times tisted. We regret 
inconveniences resulting from this error. 



Wedneepy, JUl. 18, 1180 

No, I Do~ 't Eat Flesh, But I Do Smoke 
. 8yv. .... 

I have • .,. r.ted-u.: for a place to live at 
.... end al tmI'Y 1UmIIII!I', 6r IOInetimea at the 
bep ..... 01 every quarter. forever preparing "a 

California, and that i., "Do you smoke?" The 
temptation to reply "do you drive a car?" i •• tron .. , 
but .lightly aiD • • ... 

Thi. remi::% me 01 a house in old Del Mar a 
house of one of the many houaea where I ";a. 
interviewed u a potential roommate. After a 
Uleles. lour around the house, as:companied by 
uaeIea. amaIl talk, we gathered in the Iivingroom to 
do the get-to-know-one-another bit (more time 
wuted, for I had already decided that I did not want 
to ~ve with these people). Anybody that a.k. the 
u.uaJ don·t-I-know.you-from·.omewhere and 
proceeds to Ii.t aJl the famous people at UCSD that 
he or .he aaaociatea with and i. sure that he or she 
hat seen you at some important function with these 
same famous people - I do not want to live with. 

important question. auch as are you loud, do you 
eat meat and what about druBs? I told them 
IOmetimes, I'm a vegelarianand druga are OK with 
me. I told them that I try to be amiable and they 
asked if I waa eas!!>' pushed around . t.Ce to ..... the face. that you meet' can be a bit 

......... at ....... EnIIeu quesliona about things 
VIrafnla Bi .. " mGjort in tIw U'erature-Writing 

fWOIt'GIJI. 

that mean ~, ~ over heads and a.king 
"what'. yow major?,'It'. tiring, but alas, neces.ary. 

The one hope is to find eomebody that doesn't 
rNnd if you run to the kitchen in your underwear for 
a cup al colfee, somebody that doesn't uk how 
your day went while on their way out the door, or 
lGIDIbody that doeIn't apriraa awprile reIqpoua 
meetinp on you U 100ft U you walk in alter a ahitty 
day at school, but it'. too late to complain becau.e 
forty peopIe.e .... e already, leeches on the wal, 
...... at you, Pint at y~. 

• could 10 on .net on. ABIhia leads up to a centraJ 
quIIIion that is ..... when Iookint for a roommate 
in s..y, Southern, World Peace and Granola 

I didn't have the guts to call a halt to the whole 
thing. Insecuritie. overwhelm. me in the.e 
aituation., so I said nothing. Too bad. I found out 
later that I was at the bottom of their Ii.t of 30 
people. Oh, well. _ 

1ben came THE question, the last question as 
though it mattered little, as thoullh they had run'out 
of thing. to .ay. "Do you smoker' they a.ked, while 
four set. ol eyes, tha~·. eigbt single eyeballs, scotch-
taped me to the qua'l-modern chair that I occupied. 
J couldn't get up, didn't need to anyway, because 
after a long pause of two seconds, the,>.: all looked at 
one another and someone .aid, 'She couldn't 
.moke - .he doesn't eat meat!" They seemed to 
think that this was extremely funny and they 
laughed and guffawed saying, "A vegetarian 
smoker, how c1allic!" I declined to tell them that the 
only thing ~a~ waa c1a.sic was thatataternentitaelf, 
and that I did indeed smoke, but I just laughed right 
aJong with them, the loudeit of them aJl. 

My dentist gives me the same bullahit, only he 
dean. my mouth. I ju.t teU him that I don't like the 
tute of meat, that'. all, and could he give me a little 

So, gathered in the Iivingroom, we talked of 
getting back to school, of .wnrner vacation and 
what did you do, and then moved on to more more of that funny gal there, please? . 

Radiation May Unite 
Labor, Anti-Nukes 

. .,.....,W ...... DiII 
" SIriUc ......... ..-.. 1 woricer. in Portamouth Ohio 
.. ~ -0II*II ............ that may mR a turiUnc ~t in 
........... - ..... and the anti-nudear movement, two .~ ..... have ..... been cut u advenariea. 
.. ttas 01 .... oa, CJ.micaJ and Atomic Worker. Union 

...... 3489 voe.d Iut month to retum to work at the giant ~ al U-IY uranium enrichment plant - the onI)' us 
• F We al ProcIucinc wee..,.... ... _ material. It i. 

aperaIed under c:onIrac:t by II. Goodyear Atomic: Corp. The 
..... ~ the end ala atriIce that began May 3, when 
tilt .... Nject.d • conIrad olMr. At ataIre in the strike were 

~?!L~...,oI~ud benefitI, but 01 health and safety 
... ~_w.n~. 

' ..• tIe. ecology movement lao. 
.~ conereie to oHerunion.' 

'I'houth the Union is pro-mdear, a coalition 01 anti-nuclear 
enviranmentaI IP'OUI» ioined it durint the llrilce in ..... a 
feeler. hearina on Iieafth .net ufety iuuea at the plant. 

""It wu a Iipip:ant tuminc point fo.- both movements, ., said 
Jordan a..., 01· the W uhinIrton-baaed Environmentaliata fo.-F" Empioyaaent, which had 6een workint for several yean to brint Ja60r and the ecoIopIa daaer toaether on the aaaumption 
thai sound environmental policies are the beat aon,-term 
auurance for jobt. The strike .bowed that the ecolo,y 
movement hal 1Omettun, concrete to after the Wlion., that we re 
wiIIint to deliver even ~ a union ian't outight anti-nuclear." 

The union contended that the plant is lmNfe, even under 
normal operaq conditiona. It ob;ected to an arrangement 
under which the DOE, the pIant'. owner, rather than the 
Oc:cupation,J Safety and Health Administration ... .....-vises 
safety conditions inside the plant. -.- : - . 

"ror the DOE 10 both operate the plant and keep legal control 
aver worker safety is a total conflict of interest," argued the 
local'. preaident, Dennis Bloomfield. The company reaponded 
that the oritinaI agreement was worked out between the two 
federal agencies, and that the company had no responsibility for 
it. 

~ ~ iaaue was a ~aion r.nina mandatory Phy.ical 
exarrunationa that, accordins to BIoOmfieICI, would have allowed 
the company to penaliu employees who ,ot sick on the job. 

"If you got sick from workina at the plant and it thawed on 
~. they would just Imock down your pay," 

Company spokesman Tim Matchett responded that physical 
examination. are required by DOE rerulation. because of the 
nature of the plant, that they were inclucbf in pa.t contracta and 
that the company'. intent was not to punish or demote. r~ the 
new contract, the union won a guarantee that no employee 
would auffer a pay reduction if assigned to another job 
dauification due to a disability. 

Lobb~ for the union in Washington were activists from 
SANE, Environmentali.ts for Full Employment. the 
Environmental Potic:y Center, --Critical Ma .. , Environmental 
Action foundation, friends of the Earth, the Urban 
Environment Conference and the Washington Mobilization for 
Survival. 

Their' efforts led to a public meeting with'Ohio Senator. John 
Glenn and How$'d Metienbaum, both Democrats. Glenn 
announced he had helped to prompt an ,¥oming inve.tigation 
by the General Accounting Office. Federal bearinS' into 
w~ing condi~. at the plant ~e now scheduled for February. 
But an the meantime, both the Union and the nuclear foe. believe 
that a comer has been turned in their attitudes toward each 
other. 

~II Was.erman writ.. on nucle~r politics lor Pad/ic 
NfIWI Senne •. 

Vegetarian Restaurant Unwanted 
Editor: 

Upon reading of the new 
propoaaI to convert the Coffee 
Hu-t into a veletarian 
restaurant, I felt compelled to 
expres. my view., which are, I 
believe, those 01 the majority. 

'Why should the Coffee Hut 
be converted into a vegi 
restaurant? Future Food. 
failed a. a ' "progreuive" 
restaurant, wtKh reveals that 
the overwhelming majority of 
atudenta here are omnivorous 
and . do not consider a vesi 
reataurant a particularly useful 
or desirable eervice. I think this 
is especially true in a 
restaurant once noted for i .. 
Bull and Boar carving. I wiD 
even go 10 far as to auues: 
that a majority of people aren't 
crazy about granola, and like 
their peanuts .alted and 
roa.ted. • 

The harmfulne.. 01 a diet 
that includes too much meat of 
certain type. (i.e., meat 
containirta high amounts of 
cholesterol) haa been 
e.tabli.hed, to be sure. 
However, at the same time, 
vegetarianiam hal not been 
proven, 10 be . e.pecially 
healthfUl in the same manner 
a. vigorow eurcise and 

. keepinJ one's weight down 
are: Particularly, vegetal 
proteil1llack lOme of the Vital 
amino aach used by the body 
to manufacture ita own 
proteina. 

Then there ·i. the common 
argument, 'from A.ian 

religions, that the eating of 
meat is odious to God, life 
being sacred. To thi •• elfer the 
following: Is not all life aacred, 
and i. not plant life iuat as 
beautiful and miraculoua in ita 
own way? Then, to avoid 
eating something aac:ra:t, we 
mull tum to rock" which have 

prac~y no nu~ value 

whatever. Moreover, they are 
difficult to chew and taste 
terrible. 

So for those of you who 
preach again.t the con· 
sumption of aac:ra:t life, eat 
your rocks. Mean.while, • wit ~ 

~~ my meat anti 
JAMES VAN SCOYOC 

C(lrtoon Ignored DiHerence 
Between Pope and Khomeini 
~~ , 

We believe that the cartoon in the Jan. 7 DaiJII Guar~ 
Oliphant, comparing the Pope to the fanatical Ay 

~ni, ~ .. in extremely poor lute. . 
The Pope was criticiled for ~ reprimand 01 the Catholic: 

theoIolian, father Han. Kueng, for teaching doctrine which i. 
contrary" to that of the church. The church as an cqanization 
hat a fiaht to .tate ita views, and within the atnJcture 01 the .. 
organization it"has the right to criticize one of ita own member. 
who misrepresents its view. in an official position. 

The Pope is the clear authority 01 the church and his 
corrective actions were nonviolent and totally within the 
institution of the church. Khomeini, on the other hand, is not the 
clear authority of anything, and hit reaction to diuenten, 
whether or not within his own reIqpon, was not only the 
threatening of violence but also the mwdering of hundreda of 
people. 

The Guardian, in printing Oiphant'. cartoon, attempted to 
compere a man who advocates world peace with one who 
ad~~ea w~ ~ violence. ~ny twO people qft be compared, 
but if discretion I. not talcen, it can be in very poor taate .. we 
believe to be the cue here. 

GREGORY f. REDMAN 
CYRIL M. fLAVIN 

VVedneeday,Jan. 16, 1980 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEWS BRIEFS 

Iranian Goveniment Orders 
American Reporters to Leave 

TEHRAN, Iran - The Iranian government has ordered all 
American reporters out of the country, accusing them of biased 
reporting, but says French, British and West German journalists 
can stay for the time being. 

"The foreign American journalists have been misusing our 
kind of cooperation and freedom we have given tbem," Iran's 
ruling Revolutionay Council said in a statement issued after a 
three-hour meeting Monday night. "They have used this against 
our revolution and we are going to expel all American 
correspondents effective immediately ." 

There were reports that the estimated 100 Americans would 
be given a few days to leave, but the direCtor of the Ministry of 
National Guidance, which accredits reporters, said he could say 
nothing until he studied the expulsion order further. 

The Revolutionary Council's spokesman, oa Minister Ali 
Akbar Moinfar, said French, British and West German 
reporters were being allowed to remain for the time being but he 
added : "We given them a strong warning that if they tend 
anything but the truth about the news they will be expelled as 
welL" . 

The e'xpulsion order follows a long .eries of public accusations 
that American reporters were sending out biased and incorrect 
reports and the eviction previously of 23 Western reporters 
appearing in their publications angered the revolutionary 
regime. 

Some observers viewed the expulsion as an attempt to reduce 
publicity about the ethnic minorities challenging Ayatollah 
Ruhollah Khomeini's authority and demanding autonomous 
home rule. But other.s thought the regime might be trying to 
improve chances for the release of the American hostages by 
curtailing the extensive TV coverage and other publicity given 
the students holding them captive. 

Today is the hostages' 74th day of captivity. _ 
Meanwhile, Los Angeles reporter Alex Paen reported the 

students -at the Embassy told him spy trials for the hostages will 
begin as' ~n as Khomeini gives-the word. 
Lt._ GOV. Dick Was 
The Last to Leam 

WASHINGTON - On a Sunday morning in October, 
radiation leaked from the Fort St. Brain nuclear plant northeast 
of Denver. Not until that night did Lt. Gov. Nancy Dick, the 
ranking official in the .tate at the time, learn about it .- from a ' 
reporter. -

Although the leak was confined to the plant and apparently 
posed ' no public danger, an angry Mrs. Dick said she should 
have been informed immediately. 

fte Dally Guardian 

DOONESBURY 

UN Calls for 
Withdrawal 

NEW YORK - The UN 
General AssemblY called for 
the withdrawal cI aJI foreign 
troops from Afghanistan by a 
vote of 104-18 but the Soviet 
occupation of the Central 
Asian country was expected to 
continue indefinitely, until the 
Moslem rebellion there is 
u'nder control and the 
communist government is 
·safe. 
total " withdrawal of a)l 

The resolution adopted 
Monday after four days of 
debate did not n4me the Soviet 
Union specifically. But it said 
the assembly "strongly 
deplores" military intervention 
in Afghanistan, urged the 
"immediate unconditional and 

foreign troops and called on 
the Security Council "to 
consider ways and means to 
implement" that withdrawal. 

. Higher and 
Higher 

CHICAGO - Gold future 
prices soared again yesterday 
and other precious metals rode 
the coattails of the surge, 
which saw gold futures reach 
$ 712.50 an ounce for the spot 
contract month to establish a 
new record. 

"The big item that drove 
everybody up the waJls was 
the report that the Russians 
had troops awfully c1ote. to the 
lranian eastern border and 
near some oilfidds," said Jack 
Boyd, a vice president of 
research for Drexel, Bumham 
and Lambert, Inc., in New 
York. 

Assembly 
Split 

SACRAMENTO - A 
hotly lobbied gay rights bill 
faced a crucial test yesterday 

3 

by Garry Trudeau 

be.Eore an Aaaembly 
~ committee. 

At a new. conference, 
Agnos said the measure had 
"a 50·50 chance" of pa .. age. 

Abortion _Ads 
Refused 

SAN DIEGO - The Son 
Diego Union and the Evening 
Tribune will no longer accept 
advertisements from abortion 
c1inci., planned parenthood 
group. or anti-abortion 
groups, 

Dick T uUar, director of 
advertising for the Union-
Tribune Publishirta Co. said 
Monday: "Theae newspaper. 
conaider the advertiaing of 
controversial .ubjects of 
abortion, birth control, 
sterilization and similar 
matter. to be contrary to the 
concepts of a family-oriented 
newspaper and will therefore 
no longer accept advertising 
on these subjects." 

B.w .... of the quJck eye examination and contact lens fit. It may be too quick. The best 
, eye examinatiOn and contact lens fitting is painstaking, methodical, thorough, and consists 

of numerous tests. A minimum number of 4 visits is required to achieve a proper fit. Our 
office is equipped with the most sophisticated, advanced and computerized Instrumenta-
tion In the world in order to achieve the best eye examination and contact /ens fitting possl· 
ble. The following is a description of some of the tests and procedures that are done in our -.~ 
office: . 
• MEDICAL HISTORY - A complete medicai and ocular history is taken by a written 

questionnaire. ' 
She was not the only one left in the dark. It wu mid·afternoon 
befo~ jUly authorities were notified; plant workers said they tried 
to ca11 the .tate health department in the n:-o"!~a b~~ .I{~t ~~:" .. 

• DIOPTRON-THE EYE COMPUTER - An electronic optical computer that analyzes 
your eyes and prints out a preliminary prescription without the patient making 
any judgment. 

answeF". .. . "t ~ p , ,." , - to ... 
The incident in Colorado .- which 'OCcurred seven months after 

a release of radiation at the Three .Mile Island plant in 
Pennsylvania -- demonstrates that emergency communications 
procedures are still far from clear at the nation's 70 commercial 
nuclear power plants. 

Some nuclear critics !flY if a major reactor .accident were to 
occur today, much of the confusion and chaos that marked the 
Three Mile Island inci"dent might well be repeated. 

For months, a special task force of the Nuclear Regulatory 
CommiSsion has been working with officials' in 40 states and 
hundrflda. of communities to develop new rules ·on emergency 
planning. . - .. 

One NRC staff member calls it "a can of worms," with 
problem. that will take time to work out. . ~ 

State.and local goverru;nents complain they will have to spend 
money they do not have. Some federal and state officials 
disagree on procedures for accident notification. Other. argue 
that a number of Proposed requinnents, such a. an ability to 
notify the public within 15 minute., may be imposaible. 

And the new NRC requirment that a 10-mile area from aU 
plants be feady .fur quick evacuation hal been chaJlenged in • 
ca.es where there are large concentrationa of people, such at the 
Indian Point reactors near New York City and the Zion unit. 
north of Chicago. . 

Last month, President Carter told the NRC and the federal 
Emergency Preparednea. Agency to complete a review of aI 
.uch plan. by Jme. . 

New NRC rules, expected to go into effect early in 1981, will 
require federal approval for aU emergency plan.. One vel'lion 
would require plants to .hut down immediatdy if adequate plan. 
are not approved by the NRC. 

The proposed NRC ruIea expand emergency planning, 
including pouible evacuation, to 10 maes from a plant, and 
some precaution. would be required u far as 50 miles away. 

In some caaea inital .tate plan. have quickly exposed 
ahortcomint·· 

• NON-CONTACT TONOMETER - Checks pressure inslQe your eye for glaucoma. It uses 
a gentle);tlff of ~ir requiring no drops. 

• AUTOMA TIC TANGENT SCREEN - Automatically checks peripheral vision for abnor-
mal blind spots which are InClicative of many eye and brain diseases. 

• INFRARED FUNDUS PHOTOGRAPHY - A photograph is taken of the back of your eye, 
. the retina , to check for ocular disease and for basel ine data . Infrared light is 

used, therefore no drops are needed. 
• SUr LAMP BIOMICROSCOPY - A special microscope to check the from-palt of the 

eye, tear flow, the fit and movement of the contact lenses. 
.' , . 

• ELECTRON.lC D'WITAL PACHOMETR-Y - An optical electronic computer to ascertain if 
enough oxygen Is getting through the contact lens to the cornea. Th is is very 
important particularly with 24·hour extended wear lenses. 

• AUTOMATIC ELECTRONIC LENSMETER - Ana lysis of your ·existing glasses elec-
tronically to extreme accuracy for comparison with the Dioptrori results . 

• OPHTHALMOSCOPY - A procedure using a hand-held Instrument to check the health 
of your eyes and to compare with the fundus photographs. 

• FIXATION DISPARITY - Indicates how well the two eyes coordinate together and the 
amount of binocular fusion. . 

, 

• STEREOPSIS - A measure of depth perception and Quality of vision at read-
ing distance. 

• COLOR VISION - Checks for normal and the type of abnOrmal cOior vi~ion . Eight per· 
cent of all males have !ome degree of color blindness. 

Dr. D_ A. AoratNIugh I As.ocI .... , 
Optometrl ... 

1939 Grand Avenue • Pacific Beach, CA • 272·2211 

ltAas/efC"'.'QfI. VISA. VSP. MedICal Of .n~ visIOn Insurance plan welCome 

.-



.. Baseball Practice Rained In, Not 0~t 
Improvi.etl Dri'I., T IIllat Scheduling 
Required, But Gym Doe. Job 

By Tan Liotta 
Senior Staff Writ ... 

The ram. this put week 
have made life for UCSD 
IIudenb almost impo.aible. 
Trudging through the 
downpoun and lilting tJvough 
d~ dripping wet hal taken 

('be Daily GUardian 

baseball 6e1d dries out. They 
need every available moment 
a. they prepare for the 
approaching sealOn. On Jan. 
26 they open against a team of 
local pro. in a benefit game. 

The teaJ]'l is limited to only 
one hour of practice in the 
Recreation Gym because of 
the heavy demand on the 
facilities by the ba.ketball and 
volleyball teams. But, with a 

I S rt I lot of hard work and a few . pO S makeshift drills, the club i. I"';-:;;;::;;;;;;;;~'-I ' slowly progressing toward its 
. fint contest. Coach Vince 

a lot of the enIhueium out 01 ~.key hal managed to 
Ihe IIudenI ~ tI.e ia ampIemenl a PfOtjram for the 
~ ~ at ...,.. 10 learn utilizina _ facilities he 
make the mOIl 01 .... ·foul can_tet ... f.nd..on. 
...... : the UCSD .. MbaII "We do about JSminuteaol 
te.m. .~ . :. . cali.thenic.," .ay. .Coach 
n. Tntan. have been Alby, "then we break .., into 

fon:ed 10 IDOve their,..adice ~ 01 pitcher. and hitlen." 
..... The Rec Gym doe. have a 

• .; ~ \ l • 

few advanlaget which the 
team 'haa been explo" . The 
endoted area i. ~tter" 
paradile because the fielders 
~'t have to chase down 
batted ball •. The team doe.n't 

10 hit baaebaD. though. 
hit tenni( ball. fed out of 

a tennis machine. 
".ndoor practices really' 

provide hitten with a lot of 
~. they wouldn't get out 
tin the regular 6eId" AaJrey 
pointed out. ' 

Another aspect of the 
teem'. play which hal been 
goetting a lot of work is the 
pitching staff, under the caMY 
eye of Randy M~ler, a pitcher 
for the Montreal Expo •. Miller 
has been passing along his 
insights to the Triton players. 

"The pitchers have really 
progresse,d' in the structured 

-....,. ....... 

prosram Randy ha~ set up," 
.aid Aakey. "Randy hal done 
a 'hell of a job." 

Though these ;ndoor 
practice. have some positive 
point., the Triton. still need to 
get the feel of working together 
on the baseball diamond. 

"We'l need at least a week 
to get our defenaive plays 
down," the coach noted. 

The Tritons will have 
another two or three days 
before UCSD's baseball field 
dries sufficiently for a practice 
session . 

T()DAY. 
IN- -Women's soltball hal a meeting at 3 pm lor all interested players, new and old. New Coach David Brigg. will apeak in the Rec Conf Room. 
SPORTS. 
----------

,.: 

j~l;:ttt:1b-tD1 n /l)1 J . 
. · ~V~:J 

• ','; ·C7-lSINO· 
.-' 

'D£Jl£EJ(S. 
lWlNOeV· 

All students, faculty and staff invited to participate. 

(for craps, roulette, poker, keno, 6Lukjack) ". 
fla:R7-lININq :P:roVlq;V 

Sign up in the :Recreation 0ijia . or ~ll 452 -4037 
CIIJlPUS RECREATION '. 

Department .of Physical ·"ueat1on 

• ~,W~~~~~a~y~,~Jan==.~1=8~,~1.w~~ ________________________ The~~D==all=y~G~u=anH===an~ ________ ~ ____ ~ ___________________________ S 

At Last, Halsted Has 
Competition 1n Distance 
Swims - 'From Freshman 

By Jon Goetz 
Sports Editor 

Swimming long distances at 
odd times in the early morning 
and night holds little attraction 
for mo.t people. And the other 
requirements for becoming a 
good 500, 1000 or 1650 yard 
freestyler don't either, 

"I think y,ou have to go 
through a little mort! pain to be 
a long di.tance swimmer, " 
say. Roser Kirton, one of a 
pair of UCSD students willing 
to work out twice a day for the 
privilege of competing in races 
that leave him virtually no 
strength at the end. 

Kirton, as freshman, and 
junior Lance Halsted are the 
clatance men on the swim 
team, a team that has become 
a national contender in the 
National Association of 
Intercollegiate Athletics in the 
year. Halsted has competed. 

80th .wimmers know that 
their sacrifices now will 
probably earn them the 
distinction "All· American" 
• wimmer from the NAIA, 
.hould they place in the top 12 
spots in the national 
champion.hips in March. 

Halsted will make his third 
trip to the nationals at the end 

of the season. La.t spring he 
finished eighth in the 1650 and 
seventh in the 500. 

He has the traditional 
ch!U'acteristic. of a .wimmer: 
he'. highly competitive and 
individualistic, has com· silk 
hair, and clearly defined 
muscles that protru<le 
t:t::!ry, from hi. .tream-

For the past two years, 
Halsted hal been the long 
distance .wimmer for the 
Tritons. Spectators took it for 
granted that 'when he jwnped 
off the block., he would crawl 
to another victory. 

This sea.on, however, 
Kirton joined the tem after 
swimming for a San Jose prep 
school. He is the first swimmer 
at UCSD who can challenge 
Hal.ted, and his presence in 
workouts and meets pu.hes 
both swimmers a little bit 
harder than they would 
normally go. 

Kirton look. and swim. a lot 
like Lance, and the two often 
swim together • 

Neither will caD it a rivalry, 
but they aImo.t always. finish 
one·two in the 500 and 1000, 
with the winner in doubt. 

A week ago, the two iplit a 

IMPORTANT REMINDER FOR 
EDUCA nON ABROAD 

Last Pre-Selection Orientation Meeting 
January 17, 7:00 pm 

International Center Lounge 
Deadline is January 25 for all countries. 

pair of races against each 
other. HaI.ted beat Kirton by 
a few second. in the 1000, and 
Kirton beat Halsted by three-
tenth. of a leCond in the 500. 

Kirton enjoys the compe-
tition. 'In the one thousand," 
he say., ". try to pace myself 
with Lance because he's more 
experienced, I've sot 
competitiveness the same a. 
Lance does, and I'm just out 
there to win. If it happens that I 
beat Lance, that'. what I'm 
trying to do. But if Lance beats 
me and we come in first and 
second, I'm just a. haileY'" 

Halsted takes a slightly 
different viewpoint. According 
to hi. coach, Bill Morgan, he 
concentrates more on hi. own 
improvement rather than hi. 

place in the race. ''1nere'. 
going to be room for both of us 

in the finals of nationals," said 
HaI.ted. 
• "I think it'. going to help me 
through the whole season. It'. 
going to make me tr)t harder in 
meets and in workouts, and .. 
long a. my time drops 111 be 
happy," he said, 

1 be race itself i. a tiny part 
of the di.tance .Wimmers' 
routine, There'. aIao a.truggIe 
to get motivated enough to put 
in two con.tructive wo.rlcouts a 
day. 

"Getting up at .ix in the 
morning i. not really fun," 
.ay. Kirton .• don't enjoy that, 
and • don't enjoy letting 
into the water, but once I'm in, 
the competitiveness gets the 
beat of me and I'm just trying 
to do the beat I can." 

Then on meet day., 
distance men have to avoid 
getting caught up in aU the 

. 

TODAY THRU THU'RSDAY 
. , 

I.N ONLY 60. MINU.TES, 

excitement and enthuaium 
that goes with a cIoae meet. 
HaI.ted retreat. into a comer 
prior to hi. race to be alone, to 
relax, to think about the ~, 

"Kirton also tries to relax. 
When I'm .wirnmXIc_ a Iont _ 
di.tance, Pm b"JinI to .tay 
relaxed. • find· if 1 peyche 
myself up too much. pt really 
excited and go out too fuL 
11utt blow. the whole race." 

Experience alone can IieI 
the .wimmer how to .wim the 
race, no matter how much 
training they've clone. After 
the number of races Kirton 
and Hal.ted have been 
through, the)' ~ they subtle 
dues that help dictate their 
pace. 

") can't reaDy tell what pace 
I'm on other than how much 
pain I'm in," say. Halsted. 

, 

INCREASE YOUR 
MEMORY POWERS BY '100%. 

FREE 
INTRODUCTORY LESSON 

COME TO A FREE INTRODUCTORY SIXTY MINUTE MEMORY POWERS 
LESSON. LEARN HOW TO DRMATICALLY IMPROVE YOUR GRADES AND 

SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCE YOUR STUDY TIME 
BY IMPROVING YOUR MEMORY POWERS. 

UC SAN DIEGO-RI!VELLE COLLEGE 
Tllelday 

3 pm, HL 1118 
5:45 pm, USB 4070 

WedMaday 
11 am, USB 4030A 
5:45 pm, USB 3070 

Thursday 
10 am, APM 2301 

5:45 pm, USB 3070 

,... II .. Indl"ln.nt "..... of ... ..." ........ lno ...... not ......... 
ofIIrIng of UCID. 



• 

Sondheim 
S!m~r 
Globe Produces 
'SicJe By Side' 

~~= n. only InIIIicaI to be 
..... by the Old Globe this 
.... i. SIde ~ Side "" Sordwhn, a potpounri 01 
famoua .... nDt-lG-famous 
..... by Bro.dway compola' 
and fyrici.t Stephen 
Sondheim. The play baa an 
irr •• ti.table appeal to 
Sondheim fan., and the 
experti.e of the Globe 
production makes it 
deliahlfuUy entertaining for 
anyone. 

Side I?JI ~ ~rt Sondheim 
is actuaDy 3O-odd Sondheim 
.... 'lrunI totetber with a 
loose narrative. n.e format 
(no plot, no continuing 
charllCtera and an · almoat 
buren ) is similar to the 
s&aP'I ~ mcqua Brei i. 
Alille and WeU and Uuil1f in 
Pari .. But Sondheim'. work, 
unlike BreI'., ~ not ideally 
.uitecl to thi. . .tyle of 
....-aion. BreI'. aonp are 
powerful, vibrant and ..,. 
contained, and can be 
performed CIne after the other 
with .lunnin, .ucce ... 
Son6eim'. aonp, though, are 
written to fil into .. atoryIine 
.... Mve reduced impKt 
.. hen performed out of 
c •• xl_ Additionally, the 
aiI,aIioriey and ccnvenli9nUly 
01_ 01 Ilia ... it poinIed 
out .... they are performed 

in rapid aucceaaion. 
Yet Sondheim at hi. best 

can be very entertaining. 
Many of hi. best efforts have 
corne from collaborationa with 
other c~. such a. 
Leonard Bern.tein, with 
whom . he made the dauic, 
We., Side S'orll. The 
aelectiona from We.' Side 
S'orll . and from hi. 
eoIo efforts, Comt>Gnll and A 
Utile N~'" Music, reveal the 
.,.ale humor and sensitive 
understa.nding that make 

Sondheim popular. 
The .tandout of this 

production ia CarQle Marget, a 
powerful singer who 8110 haa a 
delightful penchant for 
clowning. She i. auperb in 
every song she doe., from the 
poignant 1010 of "Send in the 
Clown." to a hilarioua 
rendition of "I Never Do 
Anything Twice." Her 
abLmdant talent and ener8)' 
pula everyone eAae in the 
shadowa. Her fellow 
performera, Steve De Weea 

. 

and Patti Goodwin, are very 
competent but 0'!!1 ahine 
occa.ionaDy, as in "lbe Little 
Thi " nga. 

The .taging by Jack T ygett 
is fast.paced and smooth. He 
hal choosen to add an 
enaemble group to the four 
main . singer. of the original 
play and he puts the male 
ensemble to excellent use in 
the "Officer Krupke" number 
from \¥e., Side 5'0'11. 

The narrative tying the 
songa together has some witty 

and informative passages but 
ia often obstrusive. Some of 
the narrative as well as some 
of the songa could easily be 
cut. 

Although Side by Side by 
Sondheim could benefit from 
lOme trimming, it ia .tiIl a very 
~njoyable piece of entertain-
ment, especially when Ma . 
Marget displays her 
impreuive talen ... Side bll 
Side bll Sondheim will run 
through Feb. 3 at the 
California Theatre. 

NOW OPEN 
Stylist 

MAGIC RAZOR 

·THE 
FOOD CO-OP 

IS OPEN! 
!.a Jolla 

Village Square 

Guys & gals-how would you like to wake up 
in the morning and run your brush through your 
hair and have it all fall into place? If j'OU 
haven't experienced this yet, come on in and try 
one of our precision hairstyles. We have ten 

455"1700 

stylists to serve you. 

OPEN: 
Mon,Fri 10 am,9 pm 

Sat 10 am,6 pm 
Sun 12 pm,S pm 

5 minutes from UCSD ' 1 block south of the V A Hospital. 

r----------------------------~ I I 
: MAGIC RAZOR HAIR DESIGN ': 
: with this coupon: : 
: $3.50 OFF ANY HAIRSTYLE : 
:$10.00 OFF ANY PERM FOR MEN: 
I OR WOMEN I 
I I 
: Coupon good thru} an 3 I, 1980 I 
: Call for appointment if you prefer : 
I I 

------------------------------

, . '. 

in the Student Center 

Fresh organic .produce, 
nuts, grains, breads, 

Alta Dena dairy products 

WHOIiUlE AND RETAIL PRICES 
open 10 - 5, Mon - 'Fri 

11 - 4, Sat 
closed Sun 

Food for people 

not for profit 

NOTICE: Thla Friday, JUlUU'Y 18, 
there will be a pot luck at 7:00 pm In the 
Coffet HUL BMi food to tel In. The 
Coffee Hut Rmovarion Commlneewtll 
meet followllll the dlnner..dmlMion to 

thlt eecond meetina It free. 

Wedne8day,l ..... 18, 1980 

The ASUCSD Bulletin is published every Wednesday 
in The Daily Guardian. The material is edited by 
members of the AS council. Fiction is edited by Steve 
Erickson ind Boon HIl'Glh,,,,, 

Jamie Montgomery 
This report can be interpreted in three ways. First of 

all, it can serve as an incomplete report on what I have 
worked toward as AS Public Relations Director. 
Secondly, it could be categorized as an analysis of the 
problems of campus social life. Moreover, and probably 
most important for the members of the AS, it can serve 
as an agenda for what the council must work on in the 
coming quarter . 

This is the fiTSt segment in a series of articles that will 
compose a study of campus social life and the various methods 
the AS can address the problems that do exist. 

Jamie Montogomery is the AS UCSD Public Relations 
Director. 

In order for an organization to be effective it must 
possess some overriding goals . Unfortunately, the AS is 
lacking in goals. I am approached by students, 

. administrators, faculty , alumni , staff and members of 
the community and questioned over what the AS does. 
If one considers what the majority of time is spent on, it 
would appear self-evident that the AS, similar to other 
large and ineffective bureaucracies, concentrates more 
on the inner workings of the organization than the actual 
output itself. It follows that if the AS really wants to be 
effective, a transfer in the orientation of time and energy 
must occur. We must concentrate on the problems that 
students face at UCSD and not the problems we have 
within our organization. 

Perhaps the greatest problem at UCSD involves 
campus social life. Importantly, this is also one issue that 
the AS can, and I believe must, direct itself toward. In 
this correspondence I will discuss the problems of 
campus social life and the immediate methods that the 
AS can use to approach this situation. 

The problems of campus social life can be 
demonstrated by the inordinately high transfer rate. 1be 
class of 1981, those students entering in the fall ofl977 , 
is expected to retain only 37 percent of the students at 
the time of graduation. Projections for the class of 1983 
are somewhat more optimistic: 32 percent are not 
expected to graduate along with their entering 

clas~ale$. ~II in all, these ftgures depict a ~ery g~oomy 
situatlOD. SImply stated, students · are dISillUSIOned, 
hence they transfer. . 

The causes of the high attrition rate can be observed to 
be both academic and social. I will first discuss the social 
aspect. 

It n. been argued that the campus currently lacks 
adequate program facilities. In a Student Opirtion 
Survey conducted by the Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affair's ' office, students were questioned over their 
perceived importance of capital expendkures for new 
facilities. Students responded favorably to the 

AS Beer Bubes have proven to be one of the most 
popular focua of campus progranuning. Yet a simple 
question remains: Where coula we hola a TGIF If it ia 
rainlne? This in turn leads to the larger question: Are 
campus program facilities adequate? 

The Dally Guardian 7 

BULLETIN 

Students do, though it may not appear that way in this 
photo, enjoy TGIF's. But is beer all the AS prOvides? 
How can the AS help to improve campus social tife? 

.photo 11130179 Boon Hughey 
These questions are investigated by AS Public Relationa 
Director Jamie Montgomery in the first segment of a 
study of campus social life. 

development of more recreatiQn facilities, an The AS must take initiative on this prol'ect. What ia 
amphitheatre, and a fopd service in the form of Walk's needed to build it is about X number of do lars. The AS 
Place. However, plans for the first two priorities are in a must provide leadership to a student collective effort 
state of limbo. Problems do exist in developing the that will finalize the proposal. From this proposal, 
facilities. These include funding, location and design. develop a set of contingencies to begin to orpnize a 
However, none of these apparent obstacles could stand fundraising effort and investigate the sundry mOdes of 
in the way of a concerted, ambitious, and innovative fundraising. They include parents, alumni, community, 
effort towm:d these goals. Indeed, the AS must offer art and cultural foundations and various groups that 
leadership towards these goals. might be interested in usinj the facility. This ia a I.onc 

It can be quickly noted how the development of these range objective I write about, but, nevertheless, It 
facilities will benefit the students. The amphitheatre remains a goal thatthe AS must continue to work on day 
would provide a facility for major functions (i.e., major in and day out regardless of the temporary aiaes that 
concerts, graduations, etc). The development of more may continually occur. 
recreation facilities would allow for greater student The importance of campus facilities an . not be 
participation in intramurals and increased student use of stressed enough. Moreover, the AS can Featly Influence 
recreation facilities. Additionally, the development of a and, for that matter, implementchanp in these reprdl . 
multi-purpose room, in which students could hold For example, buildina of Recreation Center c.ctlltiea hat 
TGIF's, dances, lectures and parries, is neoessary. been an idea with solid student support. Yet the AS hal 

A sad relationship between the lack of facilities and been unable to sponsor an election that wiD create a 
the lade of campus programming can easily be drawn. strong enough consensus to convince the adminiitratora 
One could argue that the present perditious state of that a representative conaensus exists. To put It plainly, 
campus social life could be partially blamed on the that is bullshit. When the electiona are held thia year, an 
Inadequate facilities. Therefore, if the AS wishes to the referendums should appear. 1ne AS mould nor 
address the problem of campua social life, we must also tolerate a half-ass referendum. Thia ia another pi the 
address the problem of campus progl'am facilities. AS should work on. This ia to ensure a Rec Center 

The AS has two methods to approach this problem. Referendum is clearly and adequately put in front of the 
The first and the immediate option would be the more students to vote on. This is important to the students. 
effective utilization of existing facilities. The second and At this point I will conclude my converaadon of 
long-run option is the development of more campus campus program facilities. However, first of all, I would 
facilties. The AS must address both alternatives. like to review what I have covered. • 

In the fall of 1979, a new set of guidelines for the use I di~ussed the inability for students to effectively 
of food service facilities was established by the Auxliary utilize campus facilities. I made a specific reference to 
Services office. The guidelines have effectively campus food facilities. However, the general argument 
eliminated the use of food service facilities for campus applies to all facilities. The AS must promote campus 
programming events. Yet, the AS has not lobbied against programming by ensuring the complete utilization of all 
them. The guidelines· must be changed, and the facilities. This includes .greater student use of the 
Associated Students are the only ones with enough International Center , Coffee Hut, and the Mandeville 
influence to do it. ' This would lead to the greater and gym facilities. 
utilization of campus facilities . I also touched on the objects of developing more 

The development of more campus facilities is a long campus facilities. I hope I made it clear that these goals 
range goal that the AS must direct itself toward. This is will only be achieved through dilligent effort by 
the sort of thing the AS must work on. When we talk students. 
about an amphitheatre, we are talking about a pro/'ect Most importantly, what I have discussed is leadership. 
that will need a lot of hard work but will not be fulfi ted That is, the lack of and the need for leadership. The AS 
for. ~veral ye,ars. Yet, when it is fulfilled, · it will be of needs leadership in order to direct ourselves toward the 
mfmlte benefit to the students. goals [ have discussed. Leadership has been lacking and 

How can we start toward the goal of building an _ the AS has diffused accordingly. At this point, the AS 
amphitheatre? First we look at what we have done so far . must pull itself together and through a collective effort 
There are a number of people that are Interested in the provide the leadership itself for the students. We m':!st 
idea. There appears to be student consensus in favor of retain some overriding goals and continually strIve 
building it. A tentative location has been picked. There toward them. This will restore i.ncentive, legitimacy and 
is an amphitheatre committee that has been working on purpose to the AS and WIll benefit the college 
the project, but this is where the story ends. community infinitely. 

Announcements 
Soaring Club 
First groundschool and weekly meeting tonight 
Wednesday, Jan. 16 at 7:30 in the Student Center 
Lounge. For information call 455-5422. 

C.VPIRG's initial meeting of Winter Qparter is next 
Monday, January 21. Come and get involved in one of 
our projects, many of which are available for academic 
credit. If you can't make it, call us.at 452-4873, or drop 
by M, T, Th 11-1, or W 10-12. 

What a deal! 
Discount cards for students and other memberaof the 

UCSD community are available today for free at varioua 
locations throughout campus. 

The cardholder is entitled to diacounts on jewelry, aki 
equipment, car tires, theatre tickets, albums and tapea, 
clothing and many other goods and services. 

The cards can be picked up at libraries, cafeterias, 
lounges, EDNA, Walk's Place and the AS offices. 

The cards are val~d through January l~l. 



• Tbe DaU,. Guardian WednHday. Ian. 18. 1880 t ' 

.I Jerk:' No Plot, No Meaning, But HiJarious 
a,RlckGr-. 

In 1977 CGmic Steve Martin made 
_1IIOIion picture debut in • very Ihort 
....... earnedy adiIIed 7Jw AbNnI 
Ali uri Waller. The Ihort. which 
........ M.tin in the tide role alone 
willi BucJr H.ry .... Tai Garr, wu 
''''.ovi .. , very funny and 
'-II' Etl' fOr _ ~cademy Award. 
n. .......... · .... ture &1m debut. it 
".' Iyno ....... ,butililjult 
.. lea IIICMnI .... Junny .. it. one 
.... sndecSEIOI' ~ _ Ii ... comedy 
.,.,.. a 101 to be IhanIduI f •• 
n.. J.1t fita comfortably in the 
~ Gl Cl'Uf comedy a.ted hy the 
Mel Broob bunch in the early 70'. in 
1IICh ...... BIai,., SatIclIa. YOUIII 
, ............... Silent Mouie and. more 
......,.. Allimal Hou.. None 01 theee 
... .... ... touchet 01 ,.uu. of, 

~, • WOlI4y Alan or • Chartie 
........ ~"uilllOIeIy for .. -"-

~~ ... NCiepU). n.. Jerk lias 
...... 110 ....... , ~to 
... and ~ .., tMc:h. There ie 

QO E. ,. .11. no loVe ~ no actint 
... .. .. But there it hilarity, 
................. in~ 
.,' ..... you ... with 
J-.r ... ~ leave the theatre. 

The • foIowt the adventurel of 
Navin Jahnton. • jerk: We loBow 
Navin from hit childhood u a (white) 
.... w.a boy ( ..... told he it 
d ,tE., Navin fIIIrfuIIy ..... "You 
__ r • .-..., MY thiI color?") to 
......... in the ,.... world. He 
..... a""" IooIcint dot whom he 
- SNehMif, Work. In • Gu Station · 
.. it .... aunned down by a JQdwtic 'wJ.o murder. "random 
............. nII""., .... job with the cil'CUlU 
• ..... : ..... , meetI • 
.111" daredevil and prell)' 
- .... Bernadette Peaen. and inventl 
an ~ .... device which makeI him 
• mUIIHnIionarie. Of coune he bet 
.... ~ in." LlWlUitandenda 
up .. • bURt on Hollywood Blvd, 
auzz5n. booze near the Chnese 11.aare. 

Martin'. Navin it an exaggerated 
carica~ of • cemic pco .. vnality. SIeve _-funny ... In ~ ute 
...., mup It up more in The Jerk than 
J." bewia in any three mo_. but it ' 
work. beeaute we know Navin im't 
real and doean't want to be. 
Fortunately, Steve hat relied upon hit 
aid jokes and t'OUtinea very little, 10 ~ 
lim it fr.h and IUrpriling. The only 
"old" Martin joke in the fihn i. a 
depiction 01 'Cat juggling' which i. a 
highliahL 

AntI the comedy it not merely 
verbal. TI.e are lifht gag. galore, 

many remarulCent of old Keystone 
comediea and the Three StooBei. 
Director Carl Reiner keepa thing. 
IIIOVin8 and injecll lOme of his 
0JIt0mary touches .uch a. a cameo 
appearance, but the 6hn belong. to 
Steve Martin. Steve doean't really act, 
and he'. not playing himaell or a 
character which is remotely human. 
He aeernt to be lOme misplaced, 
arinninIJ alien and nobody. could jet 
away with this performance but 
Martin. 

The IUpporting actor. and actrelle. 
are all fine but take. the back leat to 
Martin'. face. One teene in particular 
standi out from the rest of the picture, 
and thil is when Steve and Bernadette 
are walkinr aIong.a beach at night and 
'ingi"l a duet in marvelous harmony 
accompanyed by the ukdele. The 
mOlJl!llt i. quiet and almost romantic, 
until Bernadette pUlis a trumpet out of 
nowhere and bla.ts out a choru •. 

A perlOn might feel guilty laughing 
at IUch .trange atuff. In fact, the..whole 

WHO ME ... 
THE STUDENT REGENT?' 

Applica~?na ~e now available for the position of Student Regent. 
. The position .s open to all currently enroUed UC student! who will 

attend a UC campus next year. ... 
A time commitment and expertise in systemwide illues affecting student! are important . 

qualifications, but not absolute necessities. 

Nominatina Commission applica~ are-alto available. 
One graduate and one undergraduate from each campus will be eelected to be 

a part of .thit CommiUlon t6at will decide the Stuclei1t.R~ent semi.finaIi.ta. 
APPLICA nONS AND INFORMA nON ARE AVAILABLE AT 

."' ... 

1HE ASSOCIATED STUDENTS OFFICE (452-4450). THE DEADLINE FOR 
S11JDENT REGENT IS JANUARY 23, 1980; FOR NOMINATING COMMISSION 

. P.RJDA Y. JANUARY 18. 1980. 
-------

film hal a weird, almoat eerie feel to it. 
But the whole bizarre mixture 
lOmehow works delightfully and a 
"Jerk" mania has developed rocketing 
the film profits up over 30 million 
dollars which makes it the second 

I highest holiday film gTo_, just behind 
I Star Trek - The Motion Picture. 

Around Town 

The paintings of Judy 
Thacker will be on exhibit 
today and tomorrow, 11:3010 
3 pm in the Mandeville Recital 
Hall. 

... 

Walk'. at the Pub, located 
in Buildi 'c' in the Student ' 
Center, :s. be featuring some 
of the best jazz muaicians in 
San Diego in a len.. of 
intimate concerti. On Jan. 
23, Donee of the Universe will 
perform, featuring the 
auperlative guitar work of 
Peter S"rGfIU!. The Nievel 
Brother., well known in town 
for a number of yea,., will play 
Jan. 30. Hollis Gentr., and 
Kwanzaa will hold court . 
Gentry i. one of the fineat laX 
p1ayen in town, and hi. 
concert will feature Ella Ruth 
Pillee on vocal., an extra 
treat. The Lamon. Johnson 
Sextet playa Feb. 27. and on 
March 4, Firebrand suo-
phoni.t Joe Marillo will 
play with Ron Satterfield. All 
concerts begin at 8 pm, and 
adrni .. ion is $1.50 for UCSD 
lludents, and $3 for the 
general public. SponlOred by 
Univeraity Events. Call 452 • 
4559 for more infonnation. 

... 

Come lample the creme de 
Ia creme 01 the bi-.S-band sound 
with the Count &uk and His 
Orche.tra, Wednetclay, Feb. 
6, 8 pm in the MandeVIlle 
Auditorium. Their combi-
nation of lizzling syncopation 
and a laucy beat wiII.timulate 
your appetite and aend you 
horne lati.fied. Student ticketl 
are $4.50, faculty and Itaff 
are $6.50, and pneral pubic 
ticketl are $8. ~aored by 
Univerlity Eventl. Dial 452-
4559 for men infonnation. 

PIIaN....,. to".. 9 

Around Town 
Copies of Crawl Out Your Window and Burnt 

Sienna, two literary arts magazines from the 
University and San Diego community, are 
available at D.G. Wills Bookstore and 
Coffee shop , 7527 La Jolla Blvd, near Pearl 
Street (across from the Ski Chalet). Also 
available are Paranoia, a novel by Gerry 
Kantor, and Ashes On the Ivory, a book of 
poems by Ted Bua 456·1800. 

I/o.,.". 

The deadline for su~issions to Roadwork, 
UCSD's literary·arts magazine, is Jan. 27. 
Authors are iJlVited to submit their poetry, 
fiction, easays or prose, and manuscripts may be 
mailed to Roadwork, B-023 UCSD, La Jolla, 
CA 92093, or they may be dropped off at the 
Warren College Writing Program, 410 
Matthews cllmpus. Submissions should be lent 
SASE, and authors should include a short 
biographical sketch. 

The San Diego Ballet Company will perfonn 
"Debut," "Andante Amorao," "Beloved 
Unicorn", aod "Marguerite", Jan. 17, nightly 
through Jan. 20. For time and ticket prices, call 
452-4559. 

The paintings of Judy, Thacker will be ~n 
exhibit today and tomorrow, 11:30 to 3 pm In 
the Mandeville Recital Hall. 

.~-H. 
.'1.PlAN 

. -

2180 Ganef 
. Pacific Beactl 
270-6810 
ClASSES 

ON 
CAMPUS 

Oboist,Nora Post, whale performances are 
praised again and again by critics! will presen.t a 
recital, Friday, Jan. 25, 8 pm, m MandeVIlle 
Recital Hall. 

Post's concert launches the 1980 season of a 
new concert series sponsored by the UCSD 
Music Department, emphasizing the . new in 
music. Her recital for oboe and tape, mcludes, 
"Midnight Sun", for oboe and four-channel tape, 
by Jod Spiegelman; "Violets" for five oboe~ by 
David Gibson; Leigh Landy's "Wolken, wmd, 
schermen, Een Schilderij," for oboes and lapes; 
Vinko G1obokar's "Discours III," for five oboes; 
and "Apartment HOUle," realization for one 
eerformer and tape, by John Cage, who will be 
Regents Lecturer at UCSD from Jan. 28 to Feb. 
8. 

Nora Post received her B.A. from UCSD, and 
her M.A. and Ph.D. from New York Univeraity . 
A student of Heinz HolIiger, Ray Still and Michel 
Piguet, she made her debut at Town Hall in 
1974 and~. since perfonned, recorded and Iec~ throUghout the lJnited States and 
Eur~. Post has been aoIoiat withAaton Mapa 
and The Group for Contemporary Music '. and 
has premiered work. by ~e, W~nnen, 
Zenakis and Feldman. In addition, the II allO a 
designer of oboes and a recording artist for 
Erato, CRI, BBC, and Orion recording 
companies. . 

lhe concert is free and open to the publiC. 



oj 

.0 The Daily Guardian ~--------,-~----------------------------------------- VVednesday, Jan. 18, 1980 

C~anges in Basic' Science Courses 
..., 

NS2E· IIaIcIt.J (5) 
NSIC.IIaIcIt.J(F) 
.... PrindpIee 01 8ioIoe 
.. 21· .. trodudian .. Cell BiolotY (5) 
&.-.. 

I • The Cell (F, W ,s) 

110 II • ZeoIeu' (F,W) 
BIo 15. V .......... 1.ooIau II (W) 
a.c-. ... 
BIo 2 • Multicellular Ufe (W) 

BIo 173· Pepulldon BioIotY and E.oIution 
.. -.. 
.. 3 • .....,oIUf. 

&IT lOA • InINductian to MocNm BioIoI)' 
lee .. 11_ 
&IT lOA ....... 1ItIdiDrJ .. Medern BioIou 
... 
.. 11 ............... MocIem....,. (F) 

\ 
.... a..' .. , ..... CenedcsolC.u.~ 
(). I (F) 
SIT IIA • V ....... z-Iou (F) 
• I • 
• 12 • a. III lit" aW Gen.tia 01 c. ... 

.. 5 • PIanta. Feod and People (W) 

.c_ ... 

.13. Plant. and People (W) 

• ar." .. 
.I .. tt-n....., 

Bio 8 • Gen.aJ Microbioloey (5) 
~, .. 
Bio 15 • MicrolJioloiy 

Bio 16 - The BiolotY 01 Reproduction 
&e-... 
Rio 18 • Reproduction 

Bio 17 • Bioloo of Behavior (S) 
Bio 22 ... troduction to NeurobiolCIIY (W) 
Becanae •• , 
Bio I 7 • NeurobioJocy and Animal Behavior 
(W,s) 

Bio 18· Health BiolCIIY (F) 
Bec:om •••• 
Bio 18· BioJocy 01 Cancer (F) 
end 
Bio 19 • Nutrition 

OIemiatry 
SIT lOB· o.emiatl'J (W) 
Nt IA • 0......,. (F) 
SIT lIB· .. lnIduc:tion to OIemiatry (S) 
a.-- SIT lOB - Osemiatry (W) 
ONmietry SA ... troductory o.emiatry 

N5 IB • o.aniatl'J (W) 
~ .. 
o,em 5B • Intreductory o.erniatl'J 

NS I BL - Osemistry (W) 
~ ... 
OIem SBL'- Gem lab 

o.em .ABC - Intro o.emiatry 
Science 3ABe • General Chem 
SIT I2ABe· o.emiatry (F,W,S) 
Bec:ome .. , 
o.em 6ABC· General Chem (F.W.5) 

NS 2D,F • o.emi.try (W,S) 
Become .... 
Chern 7 AB - General o,emi.try (W.S) 
N5 2DL, fl. - Quantitative o,emieal 
Analysi. (W,S) 
Science 3AL, BL • Quantitative o,emical 
Analysis (W,5) 
SIT 12AL, Bl - o.em lab 
o.em 4AL, BL - ~antitative Chern 
Analyu. (5,F) 
Become, .• 
o.em SAL, BL • Quantitative Chemical 
Analysis (W,S) and (S.F) 

PhysiCi • 

SIT 10 C - Physica (5) 
NS IDE • Phy.iCl (W,S) 
SIT 15ABC - Phy.iCl (F, W,S) Bec:ome __ _ 
SIT IOC - Phyaica (5) 
Alysia IABC'- PhYACI (F,W.5) 

Sc:i~ .A . The Physics of Equilibrium 
and Motion (F) 
Science .B • Waves, Enft'l)l and Propertiea 
of Matt. (W) 
Science <Ie • FJectrClllUlpletic Theory 
Phyaic:a 2ABC - Phyaica (F~W.S) , 
NS 2ABC -. Ph,aica (F.W,S) 

Become_ .. 
Physics 2ABCD· Physics (F,W,S,F) 

NS 2AS • Physics (tell.paced) (W) 
Becomes .. , 
Phrsics 2AS - Phylics (telf-paced) 

NS 2BS - Physics (telf-paced) (5) i. 
cancelled. 

NS 2CS - PhyliCi ('C!lf-paeed) (F) i. 
cancelled. 

Phy.ie. 3ABCD - Phyaica (W,S,F.W) 
remaina the lallJe_ 
NS 1OL, IEL - PhyaiCi (W,S) 
SIT 15 Bl, 15 Cl - Phy.iCl Lab; 
Become .. . 
Physics IBL. lel - Phylie. Lab 
SIT IIC - Phy.ie. (S) 
Becomea ... 
Phy.ics 1 1 - Phy.iCl 

Science 4AL. 4BL - PhyaiCi Laboratory 
(F,W) 
Becomea ... 
Phy.ics 2AL, 2BL - Phy.ics Lab (F.W) 
Science 4CL - Physic. lab 
N5 2Cl . Physic. lab (F) 
Physics 2CL - Phy.iCllab (S) 
PhysiCi 3DL - PhysiCi lab (W) 
Become ... 
Phy.ics tCL, 2Dl • PhYlCi. Lab (S,F) 

PhyaiCi 3CL - Phy.ics lab (F) 
Becomea .•. 
PhysjCl 3CL - Phylics lab (5) 

THE 
FRESHMAN--

WORLD OF COMICS 27{t-1553 
929 Turquoise St ., "C", San Diego , CA 92109 - INP.B.! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Science Fiction & Fantasy • Underground Comix • Magazines 

Nt!'UJ &- Rare Comic BookS'· Fanzines • Calendars • Posters 

ATIENTION 
REVEI.I,E' 
STUDENTS: 

RICORD 
. Is her.' Plett up 
'1"'!""""---:-----'''O'-'-:-~- your copy at oOr offlcet 

In the Co"" Hut todllyt 

Open lOam to 10 pm everyday! 
buy, sell and trade new arid used books 

half price paperbacks! 

D.G.WIIJS· 
BOOKS 

I' 

La JolIs's on~ 
indoor / outdoor bookstore / coffeehouse 

7527 La Jolla Blvd .. 
456-1800 

- Fine Art Portfolios • and Much, Much More 
Your nlid Student I,D, is your ticket to livings on e~rythinl! 
Stop in today ~nd start savinI riJht .. way. 1,", autolTliltic discount 
widtl.D. And, brilll this old for I one-time extra discount of S". 
World of Comics is located IIr tbe corner of Turquoise Street fI1Id 
BIIYII,d Slreer i" PACIFIC BEACH. C'", 0" in todllY! UC-J 

Muir & Warren College. preaent: 

WHALE-~----­
WATCHING----~~ 

Saturday, January 19 
11:30·2:30 pm 
Tickets $4.00 

--- . Located at Seaforth 

TIckets on sale at 
the UEO Box Office 

Po.ition. for 1980 
Fre.hman Orientalion 
Leaden are now posted in 
the Student Employment 
Office, Get a referral 
alip from Student 
Employmenland 
pick up your 
application in the . 
Revelle Dean'. Office. 
Application deadline: 

Friday, 
I...-..ot F~bruary 15 

LA }()LLA SLJRF &~SP()RT 
crt'M~~~~ 

~ring: 
O'Neill II Rip Cu'rl wetsuits, 

Quiksilver. a.p., OffsMre, Stubbia, tv P..a~, plus 
Surfboards, Wax, Letuhat Fins, T.srufU-

Women's and &,s' wear, rool!! 

~--------------~------.-.------------. i~ 25°/0' off aU wet suits ' !. 
!~~Q 3 DAYS ONLY . ~ 
: . . Z January 17, r8, Igth ""9 , 
I .. with this ooupcm onl, .... " . , 
._------------------------------------, 71 Pearl Street, La Jolla 

" W ... D ..... y. Jan. 11. 1980 

Classifieds 
announcements 
Wanl some experience? Worl< with the 
Stale Legislature: Lobby Annex 
posilion open . Call ASK4450. 
L.SagO.(1/18) 
Raquetball organization meeting this 
Thurlday at 4:00 in Rec. Conf. Am. 
Members 01 the UCSD AS ClUb play 
racquetball every Thursday evening 
at Black Mt. Racquetball Club. For info. 
call 453-7555.(1 / 11) 
Interested In helping others, learning 
about leadership and meeting people 
who want to do the same? CIRCLE 
"K"meets Wednesday at 6:00 pm in 
the Revelle Informal Lounge! (1/16) 
The 1980-81 SCURI Director will have 
been a Staff Assistant. Apply now. 
452-3917. (1/18) 

personals 
Deve I had my eye on you at the play 
Fri. Meet me at the Warren Apts. Bash 
Sat 1/19. 1'11 seve the last dance for 
you. "The blonde from the row above" 
(1 / 16) 
Will Warren win back the spirit trophy 
from Muir? Only you will know - jf you 
come 10 spirit night 1/ 26! (1.111) 
Bi-linguists do it with a foreign accent! 
Muir Res Hall language table ~:OO pm 
Mon., Tues., Thurs. (1/16) , 
LARRY B. CONDITIONS IN THE 
REVELLE CAFF. ARE TERRIBLE. 
DOES MR. BELLUCHI HAVE TO VISIT 
AGAIN? (1/18) 
MATT HILTSCHER, Remember, you 
are being WIIlched. Be good. Love, 
your BED BUDDY. (1 / 16) 

SCURI WANTS YOU! Apply for a Staff l' 'Hy' La: Idea for your 199: I've 
Assistant poshion today! (1 / 18) isolated a drug that can decrease or 
Ticking aWay the moments that make augment Pon Farr. tnterested? 
up a dull day ... Liven it up on Sat 19th - TC'AYA. (1/16) 
8:30 at the Warren ApIa Block Party. Want 10 have effect on your 
Live B and live fun ... Raffle and prizes. environment, talk with others and ih 
p 11 8) the process get 10 know yourse"? Join 
Ron Garter and the Mighty Tritons will , Focus, UCSD's student helpli~e . 
be there to lace Whittier on Jan 26 1n Everyone is invited to an information 
the gym. Will you??? (1/16) meeting Tues. Jan. 15 or Wed. ~an. 16 

at 6:00 pm at Revelle's Tlmeoul, 
formerly the Community -Center. 
(1/16) 

Muir Res Hall Council's langua 
lable! Muir caf. Francais-Mon. 
Espanol-Jues., Deutch-Thws_ (1/16 
FRESHMEN! SCURI WIInts you to ge 
involved. There is more to UCSD t~ 
just classes. (1/16) -
A PRE-ORGASMtC WOMEN' 
GROUP WILL MEET FOR 1 
SESSIONS BEGINNING Januar 
23rd. Ail women Interested in learnl 
about female se)(U81 response 
individual orgasmic potential in 
smaM group setting are encouraged I 
call: exl. 2669 (ask for Sharon), eKI. 
3755 (ask for Rhoda). This group wil 
be led by Rhoda Oikin (Counaeling 
Psychological Services) and Sharon 
Keating (Student Health Center). 
(1/18) 
Musicians cheerleaders 1i88ded for 
student fitm snd performance. 
Lotaefun. Leave message for Leo 
461-9889. (1/18) 

Work with the state Legislature-Lobby 
Annex job open. Contact Associated 
Students x4450. Linda Saba. (1/18) 

for sale 
TI-59 Top Condo $149 Call 455-1896 
Francis. (1/11) 
For Sale : Schwinn Contenential 
excellent condition. "52-1898. (1/22:1 . 
1919 CAPRt V-6, air, am/fm/cas, 
custom paint and wheels, 31,000 
miles. Excellent condition. $3,500 or 
best 481-5009. (1/17) 
HART FREESTYLE SKilS, Tyrolia 
bindings. sao JUC Portable cassette. 
'115. 455-0718. (1/16) 
Get the best detergent wholesale! 85 
lb. begs at $60, not the usual $85. Gall 
Susie, "53-9316. 

OPENING' C£tESRA1ioN 
iMURSOfW *,0 FRIDAY FKom3-5 . 

.,..",.",r/ l'f II· 

OASIS 
litE THIKD PLAtE 

lO%. Low~ LEvEL 
llflRD COLLEGE 

DIN'NG COIWlII\O N S 

~~ JAAlU .. e ... ,~ 
THe OASIS THHa> 'PUKe 
&I,tlU ... Be' O~ 10-9 

~., THIOcI6ff ,.., 

The ·Dally Guardian 

For sale: commercial pop corn maker 
and merchandizer - just like the ones 
in the movie theatres. Perfect for 
campus clubs & organizations ... $425. 
Call A-~400fficesat 454-7232. (1 /24) 

wanted 
Musicians Interested in forming a pep' 
band to play lor home basketball 
games. Contact Karen. 452-4211 . 
(1 /16, t7.20) 
Wanted: Lobby Annex Director-travel-
experience-work with Cal. State 
Legislature. Cail x4450 A.S. % L Sabo. 
(1/18) 
Subjec1S lor brain-wave expt in Med 
School. $3/hr 5 hr expl. Males right-
handed; females lef! or right handed. 
)( .. 266 DebbIe 9-4. (1/16,18,21,23,28) 
Male subjects WIInted for 8-hour study 
of daydreaming activity. Weekdays 
only. Earrro$60. Call 452-4150. (1 / 17) 
I will pey your train fare to LA this Fri .. 
return Sun. if you will babysit my 7yr 
old on the ri de . 481-1228. 
(1/16,17,30,31 ) 
WANTED: Chaperones and tutors for 
Europe' and MexicO tours. Discounts 
lor your services. Call 114-540-
9471.(2/1 ) 
Divorced persons needed fpr psych 
study at UCSO. Earn SSS and 
learn.GaIl Scott 210-0351 or 452-
3916. (1/16) 
Carnegie A-440 Restaurant has 
positions available for cooks.-
Applicants must be enthusiastJc and 
energlic. Organizational talents and 
the ability 10 work meticutously are 
reQUisite qua lilies. Applicants are 
screened carefully. No previous 
cooking eKperience is necessary. 
Carnegie A-440 will train you. Apply In 
person 2212 Carmel Valley Road, Del 
Mar. (1/24) 
Part -time position distributing local 
newlIpeper to coin racks and dealers, 
25 hours Per week. salary plus 
commiasion Wed. Hours are 6:00pm-
1:00 am. other hours are flexible, 
Contact Diane for interview/appoint-
ment "59-4201 . 
can you play your noee? Serious 
nasal music talent wanled for IlOl8 
bend. Call Greg. .. 53-781 ... (1/16) 

hoUl~ 
WANTED: 2 student volunteers to 
serve as co-coordinators for the 
CASINO San Diego Metropolitan 
Internship Program. Responsibilhles 
include organizing program, setting up 
internsh ips, meeting with tocal 

pot~lcians and other officials to secure 
Interoships. Min. 10 hrs/wk. Good 
writing and organizational skills 
needed. May lead to paying job and 
paid internship in San Diego, 
Sacramento or Wash DC. Inquire at 
CASINO, Student Center x4450. 
(t /16) 

Room lor rent $115 plus 1/3 utilities. 
Pool, jacuzzi, racketball. 755-8426. 
(1/16) 
Roommate WII nted. Own room Solana 
Beach $155/mo. Gall 155-4699. 
(1/11) . 
Roommate wanted non-smoker 
female for own room in Playmor 
condo. S140/mo. Gall KJ or Nancy. 
"53-78"1. (1/22) 

Roommata wanted- need plean, resp 
studenl to share Mira Mesa condo. 
Own BR, bath, EXTRAS, S165. 518-
3218. (1/1-7) 
Room for rent $115 plus 1/3 IAilitles. 
Pool, jacuzzi, racketball. 755-8426. 
(1/16) 
Own room in Cardiff duplex.Rre-
place/yard/gar. comm pool llhare 
with 3In"Bd.21 12Bh. 131 /mo.& 11 .. 
uti\. Dep. & last mo. renl. 219-0122 or 
436-6088.(1 .18) 

HOUSE TRADE:Paris-UCSO area. A 
French payc hoIogist would like to visit 
UCSO during July through September 
(any two months). He'is interel\llld ina 
house trade. His apartment in Paris Is 
qlile 'nlca (I hive seen it).lt has 3 
bedrooms. a living room, and a kitchen 
(large by French standards) It Is 
located 800 meters from the 
Luxemberg Gardens . Anyone 
Interested in a trade should contact 
me:DonaIdA. Norman, PsychologyC-
009,UCSO, X4888.Home 481-0115. 
(1/16) 

11 

Available roommate: prefer University 
City, nonsmoker, call Jeanne .. 59-
.. 182 (1/16) 
2 roommates WIInted to share a 2 
bedroom, 1 loft condo In Solana Bch. 
Quiet community seconds from 
bch.CeU 155-4635 for more Info. 
(1116) 

~rvice.s 
WRITE BETTER PAPERS. send SI for 
our booklet "Tips on Acldemic 
writing" and ourdescriplive catalogue 
of thousands' of collegiate research 
topics. 80)( 4241-SB Berkeley, CA 
94104 (415) 239-6339, (1/2") 
Term paper blues? W~I type and edit 
EngI4sh, Scientific, all !heMs and 
dissertations. Sue: 729-9543.Catla-
bad. (1/18) 
HOMEWORKERS: Earn $5O.00/hun-
dred securing, stuffing envelopes. 
Free details, reply: TIIan, L l .. W, 80)( 
94485, Scheumber, HI. 60124. (2/1) 
Typist" IBM eKP8r/~/dilaerl 
term papers lediting. RUSH jobs'453-
0656,452-1"88,286-4938. 225-14 .. 9. 
(6/15) 
Men, women:JOBS! CRUISESHIPSI 
SAtLiNG EXPEDITIONS' SAILING 
CAMPS.No experience. Good pay. 
Summer, career, NATIOIojWIDE. 

'WORLDWIDE! Send S" .95 for 
·appllcationlinfo/referrals to 
CRUISEWORLD 205 Box 80129, 
Sacramento,Ce 95870.(1/30) 
JENNY's HOME TYPING-Term 
pepers, theses, dilS. o.YI and 8Y8I, 
225-' .... 9 (6/7) 

Ski-tlrfe upl 
Dissertation Ithelis' Have your 
disaertation I thesis put i 1110 memory 
which saves lime and S1 AddItiona, 
deletions & corradiona limpllfled-
perfect copy. Cell 296-eQ13 belen 3 
pm, ask for Audrey. (2/6) 
Typing - term papera, thelles, dias. 
IBM correcting eelectric. RIIaOnabie 
Mrs. OIda, "56-1021. (1/201. 
FISt locurete typing r8llaoneble ralet 
Cell Shirley franks 272-8889 beIWHII 
1:00 am and 1:00 pm (1 /18) 

PROFESSIONAL PROBLEM 
SOLVERS FROM 

TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 
1exas Instruments 

TI-58C. $108.25 
Advanced prog'.mm ..... 
calcul..." with SoHcI State 
...... re™ libra"., and n.w 
Conafant M.moryT .. "ature. 
Over 170 function. and operallonl. Up to 480 program 
It.pIorupto80datamemorles-RMdy·to-u .. Programe 
In 12 ~d. are lvellable In optlonat Solid Stat. Software 
IIbrariel with plug-In memory modul .... The Muter 
Library with 25 programa. Included. Constant Memory 
raeture retalna program and memory cont.nt •• ven 
_ ... _ .. ",......... .~ 

____ Tl·55 ---------~----
Advanced sUde rule calculator 
with programmabiUty $36.00 

Tl·50 
SUmline scientific $31.95 

Tl·59 

, 

TI's m<»t powerful programmable 
\lIeS maanetic card for increased capabiUty 

fC.l00c Print/Security Cradle 
for Tl·58C, n,59 $169.00 

$249.95 

--~--~----- We are also )01'1 adadacor ------~-­~"",~s 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 



12 The Dally Guardian Wednnday, Jan. 18, 1980 

Mitchell: Miramar Airport . Bad 
Tlti. i. lite I«ond in G series 01 'hree articles 

on BIn Alitdtell, San DiefO Citu Councilman for this 
tlialrkl. 1M Ia., article appears tomorrow. Here, 
M;,cIwIl Jltcuaaa ,he relocation 01 Lindber,h Field 
anti Blaclt's Beach. 

&, Kath, Huffer 
Manqm, Editor 

Guardian: Concerning Lindbergh F'Jeld, what are 
the chances of the airport relocating in this area? 

Mitchell: I've been stating that it doe. no jfood to 
transfer one problem, namely Lindbergh F'JeId, to 
~t of the city, and calling that a solution to 
the . 

y're taking the problem and moving it from 
here to over here. You've .till Slot a probltm. I 
opposed an international airport at Miramar, or in 
Cannel Valley, or in any place like that, or in any 
other place in San Diego. . 

G: Which i. being more con.ideration now. 
Mirimar or Carmel Valley? 

M: Miramar. The Board 01 Supervisors came out 
endoning Ioinc there and so on. My argument i., 
number one, that you'd reJly just be tran.ferri~g the 
problem from one part 01 the city to arM?ther. That'. 
no 1OIu1ion. The second thin, i. that the Navy hal 
aid it would coat $1 billion to move the airport. And 
the citiana of San Dieao would have to pay that. We 
don't have a billion dollars. It'. ridiculou. to even 
consider it. Then, it would coat million. and million. 
to convert it to f;:omrnerc:ial. 

And the next thing in liM is tha t the 1·15 corridor i. 
...., to have a hard enough tirrJe handling the traffic 
from the 130,000 new peop£e that will be going there 
in the next 10 to 15 yean from Rancho Bernardo to 
Scripp'. Ranch. ~f they add an airport, then they'll be 
having people coming the~e from a. far north a. San 
Clemente and a. far south as Otay Mesa to take the 
airplane out 01 there, and probably (rom Tijuana too. 

. And Mexicali, which i. another million population 
that would be utilizing that place. 

They can't even handle North City We.t, and all 
thoie new developments that are coming up, iet 
alone a new airport. And not ·to menbon the noise 
factor, the ufety factor for Univer.ity City and La 
JoiIa and 10 on. 

G: So what are our options? 
Md..~~' my argument, i. that we ahouJd 

*'It . . 20 and 30 years ahead, because that'. 
. about how far ahead they're thinking by saying move 

to Brown Field, or Mirirnar, or North Island. Or like 
Lowry'. dl.ging up the old idea of Mayor Frank 
Curran and sayins "put it in the ocean and use land 
fiB." It'. a greal idea, but it coats billions 01 dollars to 
fill in the ocean. 

It'. just being kicked around like a political 
footbal. I'm saying, ''let'. look 50 to 100 year. 
ahead," because they're ICling to be wanting to bring 
the SST here eventually. We can't hold it off forever. 
I don't want that thing in San Diego, and not many 
people would. However, if that'. what the future 01 air 
travel i. gom, to be .... 

The second thing i. money. We keep kicking this 
around, and San Diego can't .Hord to build an 
airport. Even if they go to a bond, it would drain the 
people to build a billion dollar airport. 

So what we need to do i. have a Southern 
California Regional Airport. Loa Angele., San 
Bernadino, River.ide, prange and Imperial counties 
would aU go in together to build one. And put the 
thing out in the de.ert someplace where there i. no 
community, like Palmdale. 

By pooling our resource., we would have money, 
nwnber one. We could .top arguing about where in 
the hell we're going to get the money. Number two, 
we can have the SST come into the damn thing. And 

nobody from San Diego i. going to ob;ect t6 a 20· 
minute flight to the regional airport if they can get to 
London in two or three hours. Nobody'. going to 
object if they can get to New York in an hour. So I 
think that'. the solution to the problem. It'. going to 
resolve the air problem, the air traffic problem, the 
noise problem, and it'. going to re.olve the economic 
problem .... 

I couJd visualize an airport being. built six runways 

Councilman BiD Mitchell. 

G: You're saying we need to get out of Lindbergh, 
but the}' want to expand it. 

M: Well, they wouldn't need to build up Lindbergh 
if theycut the lI!fhts back to those commuter flight •. 
I'm not saying I m the final an.wer, either. I'm saying 
the.e are some .ugge.tion. and thoughts. You put 
that in the hand. of experts and they'll come up with 
all kinds of fanta.tic ideas for where to put the airport, 
the regional one, so that it blend. with our 
community. 

G: How long will it be before there i. some kind of 
change in the airport situation ? Years from now? 

M: It sure seems that way. I don't know anyone 
that's come up with any answers, other than the one 
I've come up with. Now what I have to do is .tart 
generating ,upport. And if we get enough support, 
we can get the wheels in motion, set up a joint-county 
task force, that would be of the six counties I named. 

G: Ha.ve you proposed that yet? 
M: No, but I probably should. I was trying to 

generate support by making speeches around the 
area, and doing news releases and so on. It does no 
good to propose something and then have it fall flat 
on its face. 

• • • 
G: What are your attitudes towards Black's 

Beach? 
M: I have opposed it, and I still do. I opposed 

swimsuit-optional. As soon as it was legalized, it was 
exploited. 

G: In what" way? 
M: In the sense that people were having skinny-

dipping tours come from New York, and they were 
having sight·seeing tours from Tijuana, bringinJ, 
people up to see "our San Diego's own nud~ beach.' 
People the world over were starting to hear about San 
Diego and its nude beach; they didn't hear about it for 
anything ~Ise. 

Science Changes 
Continued from f?ORe 1 
Revelle requirements . . 

wide, taking off six plarlel at once, landing six planes "They will be harder to meet because there will be 
at once, rather than this one-.hot·al-a·tirne thing. four classes in physics instead of three." 

G: Would the public support it? The four replace Natural Science 2A, 28 and 2C. 
M: I think if you got aD the counties together, I Natural Science 2C will be split into two quarters, the 

would assume people woulCl take up on it, because first of which will deal with classical phy.ics and the 
everybody know'. what the problem'. been in San seconq with relativity and quantum physics . 
DieKo. It._ ju.t hopping around now. Olay Mesa "It i. an ex~nded veuion ot the second half of the 
wants it in Miramar, Miramar want. itin Olay Mesa. old Natural Science 2C and Physics 2~," Wong 
The North County people want it in Lindbergh, the .ays. 
people around Lindbergh want it the hell out, and Another problem is the elimination of the "non· 
they don't care where it goes. ' . major" phy.lc. sequence (NS 1). But, Wong says, 

G: ~ there plan. to. expand LindberQh field? Revelle .tudents are "tough," ca~e of handling the 
M: The only thing I've heard - I don't know; this change. 

i. not official - i. that if they get the Marine Corp. He also notes that there i. .tiII a chemi.try 
bafe, they've talked about ' expanding it in that sequence for non.majors. 
direction; widening it out, moving the runway. over, Goodman say. that the changes "are a .tep in the 
and thing. like that. Those are the only expansion right direction," the result 01 three year. of curriculum 
plan. I've heard of" discussions. 

Bill Revives Daycare Hopes · . 
Continued from pate 1 supporter., they would not bring the biD up for a vote. 
the bill, according to Children'. Lobby worker Sue Paul Roger.-of the UC Student Lobby believe. the 
Brock. vote "will be awfully close." 

If the Sieroty BiD fail. on the senate floor, there will 
be no new money this year for Daycare. UCSD, 
denied state funding for an infant care program in 
December, will have to wait until next year to apply 
again for .tate fund •. 

Sieroty'. aide. in Sacramento would not hazard a 
gueaa on the bill's chance., b!Jtdid say that if an early 
head count tomorrow did not .how _ enough 

Sieroty had 22 votes pledge for the legislation Ia.t 
August, but decided not to bring the bill up for a vote 
because he need. 27. 

UCSD'. representative in the Senate, Bob Wilson, 
said yesterday he ia planning on voting for the· 
rrJeasure. 

UC hal taken no official position. 

La Jolla Country Market ------------------~~-
.•. at the intersection of Torrey Pinel Road and Herschel in La Jolla . 

.--------------------------. 

JRe S&9~rt cflilair 
~n 

creations 

25~ off 
any purchase 

of $1.00 or more 
ellpire. 21 Jan_ry, 19. 

1030 Torrey Pines Road 
at Herschel 

La Jolla 
dne per cus tomer 

;~ ).., .. 
. :~ 

casual wear 

personalized 
t~shirts 

25% off 
fashion 

sweatshirts 
reg $15.95 

now $11.95 
save $4.00 

1030 G Torrey Pines Rd, La Jolla 454~8006 

The Country Deli 
Iu¥_of_ 

c1MlCIouIdil _ .. ~ 
and ... ...... or equal or .... __ 

r------ ... -..:1 pm WIll. ___ , 
, "-.pan or.. , 
: C-*Y : 
I ' 
.' .. ~"" : 

: ~ I , 
, 
, 
, 

.I) 
',., • P 8ICpirao 30 JorlUOly. 1980 

'..}2' .030 TorNI\' ""* load 
- ---, La=~ ~ 

... 0 Frtan load 
IorI Otego. CA 29M766 


