
The Dail~ Guardian 
Volume 39, Number 43 University of California, San Diego Thursday, March 6, 1980 

AS Votes Funds 
F or Opponents of 
Draft Registrat'n 

Thee are the plana fOf' the campul amphitheater, . administrator committee. The plans were draw~ ~or 
which BOt off the around thil week when Chancellor a site near Central Library, but actually the faCIlity 
McElroy a1locatecl $5,000 for the initial work. The will be located eut of Intentate 5. However,. the 

~Iant were drawn by campus architect Chuck desicn will not change much because of the IWltch. 
Powers, who worked with the input of a ltudent-

Chairman of 
Muir Council 
To Get $1200 

BY TOBY RAYMOND 
Staff Writer 

The Muir College Council 
(MCC) wiD pay its Council · 
chairman $1200 next year, the 
first time a student governrnent 
oHiciai has received a salary at 
UCSD. 

The proposal, originally 
approved during the fall quarter, is 
designed to provide compensation 
for the amount of time the position 
demands, according to Muir 
Assistant Dean Judith Green. The 
time demanded of a chairman 
makes it nearly impossible to hold 
a paying job, she noted. 
o Applications for the elected 
position will be available in 2-3 
weeks, coinciding with the 
availability of AS election 
applications, the council decided 
Monday. . 

Muir Dean Chip Dreilinger 
expressed mixed feelings over the 
proppsal, saying that while it is 
necessary to provide the chair with 
compensation, it is not a 
particularly good idea to have the 
funds provided by the Dean's 
office. 

In past years, the MCC has 
employed an executive secretary 
to fulfill some of the obligations of 
the chairman. This position was 
filled by a Dean's intern at an 
annual salary of $1200. 

According to Green, the fact 
that the chairman's salary will be 
provided by the MCC s o'uld 
negate the bias towards the n'$ 
office suggested by Dreiling r. 

BY JOHN HONDROS 
Anociate New. Editor 

A small, randomly selected 
sample of UC students is being 
surveyed to estimate the financial 
resources needed by students 
attending postsecondary 
institutions in California. 

The University of California, 
along with other public and private 
universities and colleges, hopes to 
use the results to evaluate the 
standards now used to determine 
need for financial aid, according to 
Kate Jeffery of the systemwide 
financial aid office. 

Of the 1500 students from each 
campus who received the 58-
question survey, the UC financial 
aid office is "counting on a 35 
percent return rate," Jeffery said. 

"These results will be especially 
important this year because if 
Jarvis II passes there is the 
possibility that a tuition fee will be 
instituted in the UC system. 

"If tuition is charged, a lot more 
students will become eligible for 
financial aid than ever before. 
Without these results we will have 
no way of estimating how many 
new students will be eligible for this 
aid," Jeffery said. 

Jeffery said, however, that this 
survey does not duplicate the 
student expenditure studies • 
conducted by the individual 
campuses. "The survey is looking 
at . both the expenditures and 
financial resources in the same 
questionnaire ... and is representa-

Please turn to page 4 

Muir Council to Help 
Bring Henry After All 

BY TOBY RAYMOND 
Slaff Wriler 

Reversing a decision last week 
not to fund Buck Henry as a 
graduation speaker, the Muir 
College Council voted earlier this 
week to allocate $300 for just that 
purpose. 

The decision to provide funding 
for a graduation speaker is 

unpreced~nted at UCSD. 
However, the funds provided can 
be used only to secure Henry, said 
chairwoman Rosemary Grobarek. 

According to Muir Provost 
John Steward, who will extend the 
invitation to Henry, a minimum of 
$500 is needed to offer Hemy. As 
yet, there is no additional funding 

available to meet the difference. 
And Muir Dean Chip Dreilinger 

echoed Stewart, stating that an 
offer of less than $500 would be 
"embarrassing." 

Stewart suggested Henry as a 
possible graduation speaker based 
on an offer that the actor made last 
year. Henry was unavailable for 
comment. 

The committee a pparently reo 
evaluat~d the importance of 
graduation in reversing itself. 

Speaking at Monday's meeting 
of the MCC, Graduation 
committ e member Vicki 
Schwarl7. argued that more people 
would attend graduation if there 

P/t'OS" lurn til ~Rt' 4 

UC Conference, Students 
.For Peace Get Money 

As the House Appropriations Committee moved 
closer to approving registration for the draft. the AS 
Council took three ste~ to solidify its opposition to 
President Carter's plan. 

In rapid success~on and with near unanimity, the 
Council voted: 

- to fund San Diego Students for Peace to the 
tune of $481 and five eighths of a page 01 advertising 
in The Daily Cuardian. SDSP plam to use moat 01 
that money on printing; 

- to fund a $160 trip for 12 to a registration 
counseling and strategy meeting this Saturday at UC 
Santa Barbara. The conference, a .ystemwide 
meeting, will center on anti-registration data 
compiled by students at this campus and UC 
Berkeley; S . V· L---..J1or 

...,... named Rick mlth to serve on ICe Cf1ilf1l.-.::I 
of Student Affairs Richard Annitage's draft 
counseling and information committee: 

Armitage has requested a student representative 
to the committee, which is now composed entirely of 
administrator.. . 

That committee win become entirely student-run 
should registration or the draft be approved by 
Congress, AS President Carlos Montalvo said last 
night. 

While approving the three resolutions, the AS 

The AS yesterday appointed a Iludent 
representative to Vice Chancellor Richard Armitage's 
draft advilOry committee at Armitage's request. 

expressed its "enthusiastic support" lor the anti-draft 
cause. 

That cause, thought to be lost as early as la~t 
week, is apparently picking up support. . 

SDSP representative Mitch Sonnal told the counCil 
that a tally compiled last night by Georgetown 
University students indicated that the 54-man 
appropriations committee stands 21 in favor of 
registration and 18 against, with 15 members 
undecided. 

One of those undecided is San Diego Republican 
Claire Burgener. 

The AS encouraged the public at last night's 
meeting to drop by its office today ~~d phone 
Burgener's local office and express oPPOSItion to the 
registr ation. 

Please turn to page 8 

Today's Weather 
T oda,' forecast calla for light rain, endina this 

afternoon, and cloudy kiet ~ tomonow. 
Tenaper. should ranp from ..... 40. to 
the~. &¥eteet; the 



.. 

:. 
" 

I 

BY WIWAM HAMILTON 
It had been IUggested that I get a job. 

My interview sheet. aeaIed and marked 
confidential. directed me to a secret sub· 
basement laboratory in the bowels of the 
Humanities UJrary building. I paused to 
reflect on the inscriptio~ on the 
iabqratory door: .. Abandon hope all ye 
who enter here." 

My initial revulsion at the sight of 
runerou. blobs of amorphous festering 
IIIUIIII heaped in vanous lpoh on the 
floor was further amplified by their 
voraciouaness in KUlT)'ing for and 
consuming the cigarette butt I had 
casually toued on the concrete 800r. I 
examined a box containing leveral 
dozen copies of publications . which 
IOI1IeOI1e had abandoned in the hallway. 
JoumGl of Communicable Dileases: 

William Hamilton i. a Doily 
G,.,clian arls writer. 

The Mqazine That Dares You To Pick 
It Up and Read It. 

1\e clothes tree outside a door 
Iudin8 to a biohazard area was draped 
with 1M jackets. They had three _vea. 

I IIudied the machinery. which 
Iunmed lurhine-liIce.doint God'. work 
Oft ....... anly our own. "Human 

Emb:L~trjfu,e." .. Phlyw 
Micr ter and Compliance 
FicitaIion Device." -Normal Machine." 
... a .... on one that IooIcecI 

.~ .. an electric chair. r.... wu the Institute for the 

........... 01 Correct T\.:_L:-._ I lhautIItIllhouthL • ........ , 
n. MIIIcMmber w. cimly lit. and 

The Daily Guardian 

0M~.-/ ~. ~ {~/ '(/~k' / ,. ~,. , f"~, " / ' 
'/' " /7 r' // " /'" .' .-:-:-

. ../ ,., / ' ',' ,,,; , ,, /, ~ , 
. " . // 'l . 

.. .. .. . ' - . /" ' 

Thursday. March 8. 1980 

desk. was the CHIEF. 
~ "Please sit down. won't you?" 
requested the CHIEF, gazing at a 
photograph on the wall taken of a girl 
plummeting ten stories off of a building , 
seconds away from getting intimate with 
the unyielding pavement below. T he 
CHIEF wore a fedora. He was ageless. 

I pulled up a recliner, perspiring 
heavily and trying to occupy my mind 
with other things , like fried chicken. The 
CHIEF nodded to his extremely 
charming secretary , who turned and 
began to flagellate my guide with a 
bullwhip, sending him darting down the 
hallway and out of sight. She the n' 
sauntered back into the reception area , 
recently converted into a morgue for the 
convenience of those who hadn't been 
granted audience. Here, no one was 
punctual because everyone was. 

"No doubt." began the CHIEF. "You 
have acquired a vague impression of the 
vital work we do here." 

I nodded meekly and swallowed with 
difficulty. A bleep came over the 
intricate conaole on the, CHIEF's desk. 
The CHIEF looked annoyed. and 
punched a button which sent a signal to 
trigger a bomb that sent 25 mega-soull. 
as required by natural law (impeccably 
accurate). to the last. level of their 
journey. The CHIEF continued. 

"In order to qualify for a position with 
the Institute it wiD be necessary for you 
to acquire several standard skiDs and a 
rigid let of attitudes conducive to the 
proper application of your diqent 
effort.. 

the ..... cIa ..,.;ate who peeled me '------- ---------------_____________________ ...J 
winced at the litht lilian" in from the 

U Among theae. I carmot too greatly 
weal appropriateness of conduct and 
right.mindedne... Since there are 
elements of ambiguity in everyday 
encounters. mel since these problematic 
situations tend to diitract our employees 
greatly. diminiahina their efficacy and 
reducing Institute e1ficiency. we require 
that our chargea oodergo a rigOIOUI reo 
enculturation training program, a 
mandatory short-duration improvement 
program which il ultimately beneficial to 

:c:~rq':nI~pa~ti:at ~ . Where We Learn 
........ for .everal momenlI to retain 
_compa.llre. Wemadesmall .... and 'ft Th · k' C I he CUUIIIIJ mentioned that he hadn't t 
-. out olll:-Iaboratory in yean. ~n 0 In 0 rr e c y 
....... col 11'1 the comer strewn with 
empty pizza delivery boxes and half· 
sw". Mana-. confinned thil. He 
~' _ a .. of the fadIities; I 
nittIbnIy .e:.,led .• w.rked tIwouah the 
IumIIIe trying to ...,. ahead blankly. 

The ~ vestibule led to an 
entiaeptic-smeIIinR room fuD of cages 
conIaining wildmenr toilet·trained for 
employee relation. betterment. A 
tumultuous yapping and clamqring 
carne from the caps when we entered. 
althoulh a few of the more distraught 
and forlorn continued stuclfing quietly to 
become test· tube babies. Several of the 
captive. attempled to pass me 
IUbversive 5terature through the bars. 
~~g the scientific method. One 
handed me a note upon which was 
scrawled Ii cryptic metsage. "Yikes." I 
thought. The researcher grabbed it out 
of my hand and wadded it up, then 
produced a revolver from his lab coat 
and blasted the interloper through the 
heart. One leas to be processed. I hoped. 
unle ..... at that moment a woman with 
dean-.... aven annpits began ranting 
about her roommate Ramona. parts of 
whom had been Ifafted to a pig. 

The first laboratory offered me a 
glimpse of the work being carried out. 
One group of surgical philolOpherl and 
clinical therapeuticians was busily 
excavating a huge cavity in a patient's 

• chelt, while another group was 
sterilizing a toaster oven for 
implantation. The patient ate an apple 
and .talked shit throughout the operation. 
another testimonial to acupuncture. as 
the Chinese anesthesiologist (once a 
magician) had shoved the sabre deftly 
through his neck. severing the spinal 
cord. Human organs were being tossed 
haphazardly around the room, although 
occasionally a surgeon would yell , 
"Hey. how about One of those slimy 
things over here!" and duck as a shower 
of them would be Oung at him. 

A coterie of nurses played pinochle 
with tatooed skin grafts and sipped 
perfusion. of glandular secretions from 
ha'ld·blown Erlenmeyer flasks, bitching 

,,~ut whatever and occasionally 
reciting the Hippocratic Oath in unison 
whenever the reptitian trans pla nt. 
composite centerpiece yawned. Several 
wore nasal protheses. A post·doc who 

had wandered the basement aimJeuly people were keeping up, air circulated 
since his fellowlhip had been terminaled like counterfeit. and fomprs ' spoke 
Ihot 1WnseI, through the n'Dfdnt' ~ pidgin-English. Turned my 
deaning a piltol, stood ~ riPIY.~ 1Iomic:h. 
hischairedandscreamed'lsotatoIO! ', A mounted cadaver, posed 
then calmly sat down, corn&ecl his hair ~uin.like in the aisle, pointed to 
till it was just 10 and blew his brains out. the CHIEF'. office. Whew ... onIy a ~ttIe 
Several of the scavenger blobs beni8nly farther to go. I paused to examine the 
Itationed in a corner .scurried from their operation of the Normal Machine. The 
resting-placel and gobbled him up, technician depressed a button and 'a 
saving the blood for an aperitif. The woman stiffened at the jolt as though 
coffee pot whistled. working overtime for rigor mortis had set in. then began to 
free. tremble spalf11odically. smoke pluming 

our trainees." , 
I fidgeted nervoualy and wondered if 

there was any more rum left back at my 
aparbnent •• Makes convening easier. 

"Owing to factors which I am not 
presently at liberty to discuss, several of 
our prospective applicants have been 
discharged as a result of fai!we to 
correctly internalize PROCEDURE." 

Procedure? I wondered. 
A lobotomized keypunch operator fed out her ears. Alter a few seconds of the 

impertinent data into a computer. which treatment. lhe rose from the chair a "PROCEDURE." the CHI EF 
digested the initially confus ing natural blonde and made the perfect dry reiterated and stared at me somberly. 
information and spewed out the martini. While I had been watching this The CHIEF examined my resume, as 
anticipated result. Along the wall. there had been 3.4 murders. 1 suicide, though searching for something of 
running the length of a hallway. was a and 20 dead from starvation. My guide intrinsic importance. then began to 
queue of volunteer subjects, awaiting turned and spoke. chuckle. 
inoculations of something someone in "In the next room. we are engaging in "According to your profile, you aren't 
the Iab-had cooked up last summer just pr9tective reaction strike therapy on a work· study student: 
to see what would happen. They had illiterate Third World mothers." I nodded. . 
been duped into thinking that perha.,. Motl~rs who would never bear "Naturally, departmental fu~ is 
here they would learn how to love. children. their insides ripped out for limited, and hence, lince you aren t a 

Maybe there was justice after all, I spare parts so that someone'l Aunt work·study student..." The CHIEF 
began to think. when a staff associate Mildred 'Could augment her life· broke out into uncontrollable lauthler. 
was decapitated due to a clerical error. expectancy. causing to be created which sublided only alter the secretary 
The odor of sinSed hair permeated the venemous smiles on the facea of had lCurried out into the room and ~ted 
room when a faulty lab technique proved actuarial tablea portending the 1l00d him one right in the chops. 
fatal to an inexperienc~ lab alsistant news for modern man. the bes' since "Since you .-en't a work ... study ... 
who only read the abstracts. Behind a penicillin. student ... " he kept repeating it ov. and 
soundproof window the hum of the "Perfectly legal." advised my over, 'reelingand contortinginhiscitair, 
lexographic unscrambler/Semantic companion. "They initialled the the laughter bursting forth in a delu...ie. 
Interpreter could not be heard. It may necessary forms." I smiled at the futility The secretary reappeared. The 
have been pushed into high gear to of litigation for denial of due process. CHIEF howled hysterically in the 
translate and decode a ~kely story since like the entrails strewn about. they background. doubled over onlo the 
between two suspected alcoholics being would be entangled in appellate courts noor. 
monitored at the pub. for years before being granted any relief . 

Two of the technicians , themselves Several off·duty pharmacologists with "What the CHIEF is trying to say is, 
under surveillance, were spied swapping a heavy jones for poker played for each that since you aren't a work-study 
radiation badges and summarily sucked others' wives. Socially, there was little student.," she paused and gi~gled. 
up into a positive identification affinity between , fhem, although the "We're going to have to kill you!' 
mechanism which incinerated them ana competition Tor sites was intense. Small Huh? 
pulveri zed a nd carbon·da ted their bones wonder their wives shed their inhibitions Holographic images of my ex-
to assure tha t the tombstones would be and shared receptor sites with the first girlfriend waltzed past my eyes. followed 
accura tely inscribed . Last names are agonist tha t could mimic the appropri,.te by my stepmother, tha t grumpy nc!xt· 
important. therapeutic agent. That lICene was door neighbor. severa l pre identia l 

A gradua te student ran into the room nowhere. hopefuls and any policeman. The room 
IICreaming that he had discovered a cure • "This is as far as we go ," announced did cartwheels. I blacked out. 
for which there was no disease. ' The my guide, blindfolding me, only to lead I opened my eyelto find myself sitting 
evangelist over the recreation room me through another turnl tile. then up a opposite the CHIEF. The confusion was 
radio proselytized. " D~tors? flight of stairs. He ripped off the beginning to di sipate , and bitl and 
Lawyers? Profellional people? .. . AD bandage. cackling into cupped hands. I piecea of hill spiel meshed. A job offer! I 
homol exual...Cancer doe.n't kill opened my eyes. Acrou from me. was a work· ludy student! 
people. people kill people." Everywhere. seated behind the huge oiled· walnut .011 well , I thought a t last. 

Thursday, March 6. 1980 

Anderson 2nd Twice; 
Baker Quits the Race 

BOSTON -- George Bush gained a hairbreath victory over 
Rep. Jobn Anderson yesterday in the Massachusetts 
presidential primary election. Senate Republican leader Howard 
Baker quit the race , and former president President Gerald R. 
Ford said the contest for the GOP nomination is "a wide open 
ballgame" he may yet enter . , 

Ford said the razor margin by which Bush won Massachusetts 
and Ronald Reagan edged Anderson in Vermont were "a clear 
indication to me tha t there is no consensus." among Republicans. 

H e said there won't be such a consensus before the GOP 
na tional convention, a nd thus forecasted just the kind oE 
compaign stalemate tha t would give him an opening for another 

. White House bid. 
While Ford hinted in Lauderhill , FL. that he may get in, Baker 

conceded in Washington that he is out. 
. "It's pretty clear the campaign isn't going anywhere ," he said 

after lagging far behind the leaders in the first five Republican 
campaign tests. 

Because Anderson had taken the lead. several news 
organizations declared him the winner, only to pull back when 
later tallies showed no one with a conclusive lead. The 
Associated Press was among them, having given Anderson the 
victory in early evening. 

While the Republicans ran to virtual dead heats in the two 
Tuesday primaries, President Carter and Sen. Edward M. 
Kennedy won Democratic lands~des . 

Kennedy won his home Massachusetts primary with 65 
percent of the vote to Carter's 29 percent. The president swept 
Vermont's non· binding primary with 75 percent of the vote to 25 
percent for Kennedy. 

Kennedy. saying he had a lift for his campaign and his issues. 
turned his effort to New York State on Wednesday. seeking 
support in a March 25 primary that is one of his major targets. 

Carter side was ready to compete for 418 Democratic 
delegates in 10 states. where primaries will be held or multi-step 
delegate.selecti~n caucuses will get under ~ay next week. 

THIS WEEK 

THURSD ~. 
JERRY R 
Retums to U 

8 PM · 
Presented by ASUCSD 

t----FRIDAy. MAR. 
3PM 

SlCYUNE 
Those funny guys that can 

sing tool! 
. 9PM 

TANGERINE 
.Mellow Jazz . 

Friday & Saturday ONLY: 
S\,jrcharges: 10¢ per glass, 

20C per small pitcher, 
3Q¢ per large pitcher 

NOCOVIIII 
MUST HAViID TO DRINK 

The Daily Guar dian 

DOONESBURY 
'!)J /(trJ0/N62 MiIfT 8I/TIN~ 
rHl5 BOOK rr !XJE5N1. JOt'S 
lAIuum; MYOfftR; I1LfJE.· 
IOOfl LMf(. 75.CKXJ fJUiIJ5 

I FIJR ~ PIJJS 25% 

Cuts Still Won't 
Balance Budget 

President arter could fail 
to balance the 1981 federal 
budget even in he succeeds in 
gelling Congress to approve 
the $20 billion in spending cuts 
now under review, a 
congressiona l study indicated 
yesterday. 

A lice Rivlin, director of the 
Congressional Budget Office, 
testified that based on the 
study, the 198 1 defic it, would 
hit "at least $2 1 billion" and 
could be pushed to $25 billion 
by higher milita ry fuel a nd pay 
costs. 

Rivlin also told the Senate 
Budget Committee that , even 
if the budget were balanced, 
innation would be slowed by 
only a "modest" amount that 
could be measured in "tenths 
of percentages." 

Shah Paid r op 
Americans: Iran 

(Y' THE HJI1e RJ6HTS. 
I 

Agnew and John V. Lindsay 
had questionable business 
dealings with the deposed shah 
of Iran or took money from 
him. 

T he documents, released by 
central bank governor A li 
Reza Nobari, were intended as 
evidence by the revolutionary 
regime in its case to return 
former Shah Moha mmad 
Reza Pa hlavi and his wealth to 
Iran. 

Revo lut io na ry lea d e r 
Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini 
and Islamic milita nts holding 
approximately 50 Americanll 
ho s tage in s id e th e US 
Embassy charge the shah with 
mass murder and corruption. 
They have demanded his 
ret urn as a condition for 
release of the hostages. 

Colombian 
Talks Held Up 

BOGOTA. Colombia 
The Colombia goverrvnent 
talked by telephone with the 
guerrillas holding the US 

Documents submitted to the ambassador and some two 
UN fact·finding mission in dozen other host~ge5 for a 
Tehran allege that such week , and one official said 
prominent Americans as direct talks may resume todC\Y. 
Gerald Ford. Henry Kissinller. However , there wa s 

' 3 

by Garry Trudeau 

Ce 'ar T urbay Ayala wants to 
wail until after municipal and 
regional elec tions Sunday 
before coming to te rms with 
the guerrillas, either by force 
or mutual agreement. 

" It would be tmublesome 
lor the government to appear 
to be surrendering to the 
blackmail of the guerrillas> a 
few days before the election," 
a government source said. 

Justice Dept. to 
Fine For Leaks 

WASHINGTON - Con· 
demnin g "the flood of leaks" 
(rom criminal invelltigation • . 
Attorney General Benjamin 
R. Civiletti warned Justice 
Department employt;es ill two 
speqal meetings y~terday 
that he will fire anyone caught 
di s closing confid~ntial 
information. 

In one of the more·extenlive 
and dramatic efforts in recent 
years to stem leaks to the 
press, Civiletti appeared 
twi c e in the Ju s tice 
Department'. Great Hall to 
deliver a 25'lI'!inute speech to 
about 800 employees. 

He said his efforts were 
lJlarked by the leak of the 
FBI's Abacam investigation. David Rockefeller, Spiro T. speculation President Julio 
----~-----------------------------------------

SOFT CONTACT LENSES $150 
Includes complete eve eumlneilon Including tonometry lenses tilting ,""or' up 

1r 81~lng, care kit and tollow up .Islta - complete - no add,tlona, cherges 

Beware of the Quick eye examlnallon and contact lens lit. It may be too qUick, The best eye examinat ion and 
contact lens 1I1\1ng IS painstaking. methodical. thorough, and conSists 01 numerous tesls, A minimum 
number of II I/ISltS IS reqUIred to achieve a proper IiI. Our office IS eQutpped With the most sophisticated. ad· 
vanced and compulerlzed instrumentation in the world In order to achieve Ihe best eye examination and 
conlact lens fitt ing poSSible 
All contact lens filing Include a wr itten agreement that allows you to return your contacts and receive a re· 
fund at your discretion With a specifiC period of lime 
II you 've been think ing about contacts. VISit San Diego's most technologlcally·advanced optometric office 
today, Our large' llbrary ot lenses allows us to send you home With your new contacts Ihe same day they are 
fllted In most cases. 
Call today for an..appolntment. Jree consultation or Informal Ion packet explaining soft. fleXible , hard. tonc 
(for correction of astigmatism) soft . and e~tended wear (24,hour) contact I ~nses , 

Flower Hill Mall 
Lower lewl 
Next to Filippi's 
481 ,5891 . 

Dr. D. A. Rorlblugh " A .. ocllt.s. 
Optom.trlsts 

t939 Grand Avenue · PaCifIC Beach, CA • 272,2211 

MaSI charge and VISA accepted 

Charlie's 
Place 

-- - '- ------ - - ---------

"Hlt'll(linK tilt' traditiull;11 with 11ll" mllu·l1llxJrilrl ·" 

wornancare 

~=: ~ health cene.r 
- Self-help 
-Wellwoman 
- PNgnancy 

ICfMfttng 
- abortion 

'uptot'''' 
_ birth COI.troI 
_ childbirth 

... -..... Ian ...... CA 
.. II 

01 Gal: I •••• 



The Daily Guardian Thunday, March 8,1980 
. . 

Non-Profit Student Loan Agency OK'd 
BY cAROLYN FRIDAY the California GSL program. 

s.a-te~ 
An image-conicioul State Senate Education 

committee yesterday approved a cleaned up veri ion 
of the suaranteed ltudent loan bill that had earlier 
lparked numerous pre" reports of a potential 
scandal. 

The 1978 federal law establishing the GSL 
program allows any halftime or full-time students to 
secure a loan of up to $2,500 a year for 
undergraduates and $5,000 for graduate students at 
a deferred seven percent interest rate, regardless of 
need. 

be guaranteed by the federal government. 
The bill was touched by a hint of scandal when a 

Sacramento television station discovered that those 
legislators sponsoring the bill had been named to the 
board of directors of a non.profit corporation set up 
last April for such a purpose. 

The bylaws of the body would have permitted the 
directors high salaries, and loose accountability for 
income profits earned. 

The committee approved the structure of a non-
prQfit corporation designed to double, triple or even 
quadruple the availability of guaranteed student 
Ioana (GSL). 

.CPEC. the student aid commillion, and lobbyists 
from the UC student lobby, the UC administration 
and the independent campuses all expressed their 
approval of the bill. '. 

However, the instiutions granting the loans have 
often been wary of committing large sums of money 
to the GSL program. Students at the University of 
California and the independent colleges are generally 
considered a good risk, according to Art 
Marmaduke, the director of the student aide 
comission, which is the state's guarantee agency for 
the loans. 

In the wake of the press reports, Assemblyman 
Knox and Gwen Moore, D·Los Angeles, Senator 
·WiIliam Campbell, R-Los Angeles, Paul Carpenter, 
D·Santa Ana, and Bill Greene, D·Los Angeles 
resigned from the board, as did Assemblyman Willie 
Brown, D·San Francisco, who was the sixth 
legislator named to the board. 

"Witb poaaible budget restrictions in the near 
future. we think our students deserve to have 
available every means of funding possible," said UC 
lobbyist Lowell Paige, referring to the problems UC 
ltudents may face if Proposition 9 passes and tuition 

Students attending community colleges, who do 
have trouble getting loans, will be the major 
beneficiaries of this new legislation unless Proposition 
9 is passed. As amended, the bill would prohibit compensation 

of directors, would limit staff salaries to a state 
employee scale, and specifies that any income be 
given to the Student Aide Commission. is introduced. Aa:ordin, to a statewide survey of campus 

financial officers conducted by the student aid 
commi"ion last fall, approximatdy 7,SOO UC 
students have been unable to obtain loans from the 
62 commercial lending institutionl participating in 

Sponsored by Assemblyman John Knox, D-
Richmond, the bill originally gave the governor 
power to appoint a state agency, a student loan 
authority or a private non.profit corporation as a 
state lender. The designated body could raise 
unlimited amounts of capital to generate additional 
student loans by floating revenue bonds, which would 

The bill now also calls for a loan funding advisory 
panel to make a recommendation to the governor as 
to which type of agency would be best able to carry 
out the program. 

Mugabe Form:s 
Government Financial Needs 

S Conlinued (rom paRe 1 ALiSBURY. Rhodesia was an attractive speaker. 
(AP) - Prime Mini.ter- Although the MCC 
de.i,nale Roberl Mugabe approved Schwartz's request 
qreed yealerday to form a f f nd all 
coalition governmenl with or u iog, not members 
Jo.hua Nkomo. shared her sentiments about 

n.e qreemenl, announced graduation, with one council 
by Mugabe IPOkeanan Justin member saying graduation is 
Nyolca, means the insurgent "as trivial as a tricycle race." 
leaden in the seven-year Schwartz lpeculated that it 
...,.. war will command a is unlikely Heniy wiD accept 
IcUI 01 77 seats in the)OO- the offer irilight of his 
meMber Executive National friendahip with Stewart. In that 
A"!lnilIt' of what wit become instance. the funds would 
'7'_J-L.;... riturn to the MCC. 

Henry studied under 
Stewart while-Stewart was on 
the faculty at Dartmouth 
University. With Stewart's 
assistance, Henry wrote a 
novel about an accidental 
death on the Dartmouth 
campus and its effects on an 
introverted student. 

In the future, the cost of a 
graduation speaker will be 
included in the graduation 
committee'l allotment from 
the MCC, Schwartz said. 
~~~'------------~--------------------~ 

Errata 
ttl '~ Da4", Guardian erroneously t.eP8I!ed~~y that Third College beat 

RfteIIe y,JIege in the conaolation round of the 
Cclerle Bowl tournament. In fact, Revelle 
won the match and finished third. 

(2) In yeaterday'l edition, we identified a 

.peaker in a photograph- at ~"'y ru,ht'. 
Jarvis II debate as Jim Sill •. The ~8ker was 
acutally Jonathon Lewis, sponsore of the Tax 
SimPlicity Act. . 

We apologize for any inconvenience 
caused by these mistakes. 

Every Saturday Is student discount day 
at the Fine Art Store-with a valid 

student 10 you get a 20% markdown on any 
purchasel (excluding custom framing, furniture 
and a few net Items) Use your 10 on weekdays, 

too, for a 10% discount-elther way you're . 
sure to savel Come in and seell 

Survey Asks Student' 
Financial Aid Needs 
Conlinued from paRe 1 
tivee of all postsecondary 
institutions, not just UC." 

The state legislation 
mandates that the Student Aid 
Commiasion collects this 
information "every few 
yearl," according to Jeffery. 
"The purpose i.to get a feeling 
how students are financing 
their education, and to see if 
financial aid il meeting these 
needs." 

The questionnaire is divided 
into seven sectiOl1l aimed at 
understanding,: 

- How students finance 
their education: 

- How students finance 
housing and transportation 

expenses: 
- How students enrolled 

for different time periods and 
at different levels of academic 
standing finance their 
educations 

- What kinds of students 
are receiving financial aid and 
what kinds of students need it 
but are not currently receiving 
it; 

- Personal expenditures 
for different items during the 
academic year: 

- How students financed 
their education this academic 
year' 

. ...,: What kind of education 
students would have chosen to 
receive if they had sufficient 
financial support. 

After twvo years, 
you kind of wonder 
who taught whom. 

For graduating seniors, your education is just beginning. 
Share your knowledge with others in a developing 
country and begin to learn a new language. Experie~ 
_~!ft\t cultures. Travel. ~prove your sldUs through 

practk:aI day-kHiay work. Just ask us about opportunities 
in math, science, health. business, home economics, 
agriculture and other specialties. Whatever your major 
or minor, just ask. 

March 10~ 12 in the 
Career Center and 
Revelle Plaza. 9:00 to 
+'00. Siln up for an 
interview at the Center 

Thursday, March 6,1980 The Daily Guardian 5 

What Luck! Storms Sweep Beach Away 
Scripps Scientists Studying Shifting Sands Just Happened to Be There to See It 

BY WAYNE VILLANEUVA 
Is it possible that someone 

could actually have benefited 
from the recent onslaught of 
rains deluging Southern 
California? 

Apparently, scientists from 
the Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography and the 
Institute of Marine Resources 
(IMR) studying the erosion of 
Ledbetter Beach in Santa 
Barbara did. They watched 
with keen interest as the beach 
was completely washed away 
in just two days time by the 
heavy rains. 

The destru ction of 
Ledaetter Beach was an 
unexpected , yet welcomed 
surprise for the scientists who, 
for the last month, participated 
in the Nearshore Sediment 
Transport Study (NSTS ). 
NSTS is headed by Dr. 
Ricnard J . Seymour of IMR 
and financed by the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration through its 
National Sea Grant College 
Program. 

The study was aimed at 
gethering information on the 
cha nges in the coastal 
environment resulting from the 
action of ocean waves and the 
large. scale movement of earth 
and sand. 

The violent storms were 
especially helpful to the 
scientilts because the changes 
in the structure of the beach 
were so drastic allowing 

precise measurements 
concerning the dynamics of 
the destructive process to be 
made in a relatively short 
period of time. 

Seymour commented that 
the study, which ended this 
past week, "was enormously 
successful." There was a price 
to pay, though, he added, for 
watching nature awesomely 
perform her destructive deeds . 
A few ankles were sprained, 
some test equipment was lost 
to the powerful currents, and, 
during one night, testing had to 

Dr. Fred Spieal of Scrippa, 
named to UC marine 
inatitute . . 

be ahandoned altogether 
because of overwhelmin~ly 
adverse condi tions. 

On the average, the ctirrent 
speed was up to six knots and 
breakers ranged from 12to 15 
feet in height. 

By measuring quantities 
like wave height , current 
speed, current direction, and 
sand concentrations , Seymour 
and his research team hope to 
synthesize thei r data and 
eventua lly d evelop a 
mathematical model for the 
structural changes in the 

coas tal environmen t that 
result from local wave 
conditions and sand behavior. 

Sut:h a mathematical model 

The Daily Glianiian 

Science 
would yield a large number of 
pradica l bendits. With a 
model. the effed of off-shore 
structures. like jetties and 
groins, that interfere with sand 

----------

transport can be determined. 
The rate of shoaling of harbor 
entra nces ca n also be 
calculated. 

Knowledge of the dynamics 
of sand movement will allow 
scientists to predict changes in 
the shoreline preventing 
unsafe development of the 
coastal areas for either 
business or recreational 
purposes. 

Scripps and IMR are 
planning a further study for 
next year on the West Coast or 
the Gulf of Mexico. 

Spiess Gets SysteDlwide Post 
BY HERB VAN HOOSE ~r another ever since 1952. He has been MPL 

director, associate director of Scripps and an 
active, oceangoing research worker . His most 
visible contribution was a major role in the 
design of the FLIP (F1oating Instrument 
Platform) research ship built in 1962, which 
flips to vertical position when conducting ocean 
research. 

Dr. Fred Spiess, professor of oceanography 
and director of the Marine Physical Laboratory 
(MPL) of the Scripps Institut ion of 
Oceanography, has been appointed director of 
UC's systemwide Institute of Marine Resources. 

He will relinquish the directorship of the 
Marine Physical Laboratory on March 1 to Dr. 
Victor Anderson, the present deputy dir~ctor, 
who will then be the acting director during the 
process of choosing a new director of the 
institute. 

IMR is the UC system's only statewide 
marine science unit and includes the California 
Sea Grant College Program, the largest such 
program in the nation. IMR has furthered 
exploration of the ocean as an energy source 
and has supported major programs in studies of 
the marine food chain, seafood technology, 
marine natural products, harbor and beach 
protection, and ocean waite disposal. 

Spiess has been with Scripps in one function 

Dr. Spiess's main focus at IMR will be to 
expand intercampus activity. He would like to 
see each UC campus which particip<'tes in 
ocean studiell be a resource center of one or 
more specialties, rather than duplicating every 
area at every campus. Growing out of this 
would be faculty and students that move as the 
need arises for access to a particular aspect of 
marine studies. 

Speiss hopes he and hill staff will be able to 
overcome the probable inertia, due to pride in 
present programs and the natural reiistance to 
change of the individual campuses, so a. to try 
out hill plan. 

MAGIC RAZOR 
HAIR DESIGN 

La JoLLa 
Village Square 

5 minutes from UCSD - 2 blocks south of the VA Hospital. 
Guys & Gals-how would you like to wake up 
in the morning and run your brush through 
your hair and have it all fall into pLacer If you 
haven't experienced this yet, come on in and try 
one of our precision hairstyles. We have ten 

stylists to serve you. 

Open: Mon, Thurs, Fri 10 am-9 pm 
Tues, Wed, Sat 10 am-6 pm 

Sun 12 noon-5 pm 

r----------------------a-----~ : Students, Faculty, Staff: :. 
: with this coupon I 
• 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• I 
• 

$2.50 off any hairstyle 
plus a FREE hottle of our 

ph balanced shampoo or conditioner 
(a $2.50 value) 

10% off on additional services 
offer good thru March 31, 1980 

-------------------------------call for appointment 
455-1700 



Dance' to 
Jackson 
BY WilliAM HAMIL TON 
Michael Jackson Off the W all 
(Columbia) 

Jackson's la test solo effort is 
nothing short of astounding, 
e.pecially since he plays a 
major role in the composition , 
production, and arrangement 
(lSpects of the material, in 
addition to admirably handling 
the vocal., This album is truly 
meant to be played for a 
dancing Iludience. Anyone 
who could conceivably sit 
through the foot-stomping, 
hand·clapping rhythm. ill 
either deaf or catatonic. 
~"tDance With You," the 
. nio'lt frequently plugged 

aingle, is a beautiful, melodic 
love song which feature. 
.Mclc1Oll'. mo.i pleasing and 
convincing vocal .tyle. 

. However, the most outrage-
ous tune on the record i. 
"Dan't Stop TiD You Get 
f.ftough", a funky, upbeat 
.onl in which Jack.on 
reYenea the role of falaetto to 
carry the ver.es, with normal 
voice range in.ertion of 
baclrground vocal., The 
falsetto is mixed low, but 
"..ha.,. it i. weak to begin 
with, since it has been double-
tracked. JacklOl1 penned thi. 
ho. .. himself, and hi. ener.Jie. 
*re well· rewarded, The 
brilliance of Quincy Jane. 
'shines through, as he co· 
.=-. albu. with 8nd arrange. mo.t of 

Carlton on guitar, and a 
myriad of oth r top· notch 
session honchos. A 

Conway 'II 
Go Noplace 

J e ff Co n away Jeff 
Conaway (Colurubia) 

I don't know or care where 
Conaway came from , but this 
record is a sure indicator of 
whe re he is goin g in 
music .. . nowhere. Maybe he 
c an ac t , a lthou g h hi s 
performances on "Ta xi" don't 
provide evidence of it. Since 
Conaway doesn' t compose, 
produ<;e, or play, instead 

The Daily Guardian 

relying on a lam back·up 
crew and somt' of the worl>t 
materi .. 1 1 have ever heard (it 
borders on Muzak) by the 
process o'f elimination. this 
disc must ostensibly be 
'howcasing his talent. adly, it 

does nol. He conies across like 
a constipated EddIe Mon y, 
and offers nothing in particular 
to dnyone, in general. 

The productIon is real slick 
and the mix suffers when 
orchestration is in troduced, 
but it does occasionally drown 
out Conaway's voice, so I 
suppose this incompetence is 
justifiable for humanitarian 
reasons. F 

Wooley 
Woven Well 

Bruce Wooley and the 
Camera Club (Columbia) 

It is difficult to compare this 

the orcheatration. Along with 
George Martin, Jone. has 
achieved a reputation as a 
nOJlpare,il producer. The 
.audio musician roster reads 
like a Who'. Who in ·mu.ic, 
with the talented Loui. 
John.on (of the BroS'. 
Johnson) on ball, Larry 

71t. RiwJ., a comedy of mistaken identities, wiD be presented 
at 8 pm March 12·1!; in the UCSD Theatre, Warren Campu •. 

FALLl980 

WASHINGTON SEMESTER 
The American University 

...,.,ate program. In 

/ 

CRIMINAL AlSTlCE • URBAN AFFAIRS 
NATIONAL GOVERNMENT • FOREIGN POUCV 

ECONOMIC POUCY. AMERICAN SruDIES 
_ . ........., 

• IiEMINI\IIS wrnt OECISION NAIWIS 
• unEIINSHIPS ON CAPlTI\l. HLL. IN 

ClOWRNMENT AGE/IIClES. Wmt 
PWUC INTEREST ClIIOUPS 

lor 1Urt ................. writ.: 

w ............ s..n_~_. 
WInlC\rde ..... JI. 

W .............. ~C. _I. 

Discuss job opportunities in, 
Jewish Summer Camps 

... talle with representatives /rom--""""'t 
Camp Ramah~ lCA, Hess Kramer, 

Komarolf, lewish Community Center 
~------b others.--------' 

Tuesday, March 11 
North Coof. Room, Stu. Center 

120000-5 pm 
call: l~ish Campus Centers 583 

band with their New Wave 
contemporaries since they are 
infinitely superior, musically. 
This ex ellent release is 

The Daily CiIl.Hcl lall 

Arts 
reminiscent of a synthesis of 
Genesis , Bowie and Talking 
Heads, and the cuts , (although 
many are formula.arranged) 
are intell igen tly.embellished 
wit h layers o f guil'ar , 
sy nt hesizer. and voca l 
harmonies: Wooley's vocals 
are exceptiona lly tight and 
interestingly phrased , a nd the 
texture of his voice varies from 
soothing Lo brassy, depending 
upon the mood of the song. 

In terms of musicianship, 
the band is more tha n 
competent, and guitari s t 

Thur sday, March 6, 1980 

David Birt:h blend~ varied 
tonalitie: nIcely with 
keyboardist Tom Dolby. the 
~ynergy of their playing 
enhancing the overall ,ound , a 
very layered ten ·z illion 
overdub sound resulting. 
Lyrically, how ever, the 
content uffers, an attempt 
betng made to introduce " 
banal, poetic balderdash into 
the musical context . The final 
effect, though of these 
Incongruitie is very wierd, so 
stay off of the hard stuff when 
listening to this disc. A minus 

TheCloacas 
Are Trying 
T he Cloacas Preparat ions Are 
Being Made (BMS) 

The Cloacas have made a 
bi g splash in the New Wave 
with this, their first relea se. 

Please lurn 10 page 8 

Around 'Town 
The Rivals, a comedy of mistaken identities and romantic 

folly, will be presented jlt 8 pm March 12-15 in the UCSD 
Theatre, Warren Campus. 

Tickets cost $4 for general admission and $2.50 for 
students and can be purchased at the UCSD Theatre Ticket 
Office on Warren Campus. For ticket information, phone 
452-4574. . 
The Rival. is an 18th Century corriedy by Irish playwright 
Richard Brinsley Sheridan. The play chronicles the foibles 
of hand.ome Jack Absolute and bumbling Bob Acres as they 
vie for the hand of Lydia Languish, a lovely, though overly 
sentimental, las.. ' 

Local poets Tom Mar.hall and Steve Klingaman will 
read from their works Monday, March 10 at 7 :30 pm at DG 
Wills Bookstore in La Jolla. Marshall's verse is marked by a 
vibrant mixture of colloquial and learned allusions , and it ' 
exhibits an enticingly elliptical humor. 

Marshall will use slides for his reading, a performance 
device which frequently results in outrageous cultural 

~tapo.itiOOi. . _. ~_. . 
K~ngamari hal been active in the local .cene for some 

years, and his verse employs the Pound·Vorleci.t technique 
of line. juxtapo.ed as plane. in relation. Klingaman i. also the 
singer.guitarist .• ongwriter for the rock band Streetlife, 
which wiD relea.e its fil'llt 45 rpm .ingle in ~pril. 

The reading i. free and open to the public. DG Will • 
Book.tore is located at 7527 La Jolla Blvd., near Pearl St. 
(across from the Ski Chalet). Call 456-1800 for more 
information. 

Please tum 10 POfle 8 

drop in tor aIr" 
personalized styling I consultation. 

our SIyleS ere.te 
irresistable men 
I ascinating women 
obedtent children. 

464-3038 

Thur sday, March 6, 1980 

Classifieds 
announcements 
Support CalPIRG trach your green 
card. (3/7) 
Watch out for the PIRG Bird. (3 /7) 
Tune out your 1970s disco. As the 
1980s approach so does ASSORTED 
VINYL. (317) 
ASSORTED VINYL. UCSD's newesl 
co ·op is here to stay. We're tocated 
just South of EDNA in the Studenl 
Center. We open April 4. 1980. (3/7) 
The Upper Cut · precision hair cutting 
ad styting for men and women in 
Sorrento Valley - is offering a 20% off 
"spring special" on cuts, perms, and 
sun streaks. Definitely a cut above! 
call Pal 455-0391. (317) 
If you halle suffered a discontinuity in 
the insurance cOllerage due to Btue 
Cross / Occidental swHch. contact me 
fOt joint action, Ravi Athale EECS, 
x2699. (3/7) 
RACOUETBALL at Black Mtn Thurs, 
rfilas club members play 2 hrs, for 1 
buck. Leave Urey Hall MailboK 8:30. 
(3/5.6,12,13) 
tNTEAMEDIA TE MEDtTATION wiN be 
taught this T~ay at the San Diego 
Meditation Club of UCSO! Actnission 

Respond in Guardian: Appointments 
witl be arranged. (3/6) 
Warre n Students. There is an opening 
lor AS Rep, Apply now at Provost 
Office. Deadline Tues. 4 00 3-11-80. 
(3/ 11 ) 
WARREN RESIDENT ADVISORS tinal 
applicat ion date 3/7. First pick up a 
job reterra l at student employment 
Ihen bring itto Warren Resident Deans 
Off ice, (3/7) 
LOVE STINKS. It you think so, write in 
100 words or , less your story, Yau 
could be one of 3 conlesl winners for a 
pair of tickets and backstage passes 
to the Marc h 19th. J. Geils cancer!. 
Judging based on creativity and 
originality. Send entries 10: KSOT 
UCSO B·01 5 La Jolla, CA 92093. 

for sale 
15' Runabout w / brkn 50 HO Merc. trtr, 
many extra. $1200 abo. Call Mike after 
school at 755·7670, (3/ 6) 

. Lovely Wedding invitations · 100 for 
$22.50 and up - 453· 1863.286-2663. 
(317) 

Is ablolutaly free to members of Open reel tape deck· Akai OX-230 0 
UCSD community. This weeks' "Best Buy" rating. 1 yr old, ex. cond, 
workehop will be conducted by Of. Must 1811 to help pay fees. any 
Frederick Lenz. one 01 the foremost reelOnabie offer considered. Ph, 452-
aulhorities in North America. HSS 9865 (3111) 
1128 .tOO pm, M.ch lith. (3/6) For sate: Pentax spotmeter V $1 eo,oo 
Bring yOUI' birthday suit to Central 465-3581 (3 / 11) 
Library. R ..... I .. bitttIdIy bash band. DISCOUNT STATtONERY AND 
drinks. dincing, Friday Nile. SOC (317) CUTLERY SUPPLIES: Scislors . 
Lowenbrau, pepSi. band Revelte S!'Iarpeners, !jIapiers. and Knille 88tS. 
Blftllday Bash. Centrat Lib Frl. nile Call Nell. 455-0076, (3/11) 
bring 50e and 10, Sponeored by RPe, Slereo _ eKC, condition 2 speakers. 
(317) receiver. turntable. $200 mUlt aeN -
$20 caah prize IOf best birthday suit. I'm moving back aast. Gr.at deall481 • 
Rawl .. Bil9lday BallI. Friday nile 9- 7981 . (3/t 2) 
12 pm band Central Lib, 5De (3/7) Ford wagon lor beach·desert·mts. 
NEW YORI< EROTIC FILM FESTIVAL 1970 original owner air radials 95.000 
Tundav, M.ch 11 . USB 2722. $1 .75 miles $7i5, 481-8528 (3/7) 
shows: 7:00, 9:00. 11:00 (3/11 , GRATEFUl DEAD HEADS: 16' x 20' 
tNTRODUCTORY OFFER 2 fOf the 'color prinla of the Dead H ... Call <453-
price d 1, The LaJoUan Gigolo. 1294. (3/11) 

The Daily Guardian 

wanted 
Two guys need a ride to Colorado and 
back over Spring break very willing to 
share expenses & driving. Call Monte 
453-1294 (3/13) 
Calligrapher: Someone to tranSCribe 4 
Iypewritten pages of prose into 
calligraphy. Please send sample at 
your work to Chela, Box 164, La Jolla, 
CA 92038 (317) 

personals 
Ernie M. Help us celebrate Revelle's 
Binhday. Wear your birlhday costume 
Fri nite at Central. Bring 10 for beer, 
(3 /7) 
Is there a oirl who will definitely be at 
Oallis campus th is fall ? Please lealle 
message for Bob at EDNA, I need to 
speak with you. (3 / 6) 
$DRIVING TO DARTMOUTH? My 
moped needs a ride, I wi" hetp pay for 
gas $$$. CantIIct Chris al D~ 
Tenaya Hall or P,O.Box 6227, (3/12) 
W.ren students: There is an opening 
lor AS Rep. AfJr>t-I now at Pro~.t 
OffiCe. Deadline Tues 4:00 3-11 ·80. 
(3/ 11 ) 
Delr Hallway House Mate: Long, hard 
race. Tired. Hot. Thirsty. Where's next 
lemonade und? (3/6) 
MOT-Good luck on Psyctt midterm. I 
will always kMt you, ·Soo:Soo (3/8) 

. 

services 

Typists: IBM eJCp8r I theses / dlsser / 
term papers/editing, RUSH jobs! 453-
0656. 452·1488. 286-4936,225-1449. 
(6/15) 
JENNY's HOME TYPINO - Term 
papers. theses. diU. Days and eves, 
225-1449 (617) 

Experienced editor Witl edrt papers. 
theses. manuscripts. Call 279-0992 or 
453 -1259. Ask lor Lynn. (3/1 4) 
DISCOUNT MECHANIC: Tune·up. 
electricat. lighl mechanical·moblle 
service, work guaranteed 453-2456. 
(317) 
Typing·term papers, reports, theses. 
scientific. elc , Sl .00 and up per page. 
453-0803. (3/ 18) 
ImpOSSible paper due too soon? Need 
help Wi th ty p in g , g ramm ar , 
organizal ion, library researc hing? 
Special problems are no prOblem to 
Academic Assistants. Dissertation 
assistance. 100, 223 -5566 (3/ 11 ) 

housing 

Female roommate to share IOf apr, Qtr. 
cOoed house in La Jolla. $l40/ month 
for single, furnished room + lIulilities, 
Near beach, 459-9630 (3/8) 
Need a place to stay for East. Vac. 
W~Ung 10 sleep on COUCh. noor, wi. 
pay 453-4776 Tim. (317) 
Fem roommate wanted must be 
responsible etaan nonsmoker share 
room $95,00/mo '.4utll 455-1514, 
(3/7) 
Own room. Solana Beach Condo. 
$140/mo. non·.moker. 2 cars, car 
pool. call anytime 755-2783, (3/12) 
Quiet! Share house in Olivenhaln. nhr 
Encinita.. R.sonable rates. land to 
garden, Nonsmok8f! ptea88, Martin 
436-0332, (317) 

travel 

CtEE Student Trallel located on the 
second floor ot the student center 
open MWF 9-\ Tu Th t 2-3, (3/ t 4) 

7 

lost & found 
Lost: one orange music loider and a 
Benward music b()()j( in TLH 107, If 
lound please call Art at 453-6185. 
Importanl nOles. (3/ 6) 
LOST: On Muir Field. Burgundy cords 
and bell with Timex watch and key in 
pocket. Please return. Call O,t 453-
9672. (3 / 6) 
LOST: Grey mohair sweater in APM 
2250 or 2113. REWARD contact 
Susan 488-1 304. (3 / 6) 
Found: calculalor in' HL 1438 on Frl. 
29 Please call 453-5091 . (3/ t4) 
LoSl' Gold necklace with a gold Oreell: 
coin on ~ . Lost north of W.ren lields 
rewa,lI 453-7487. (3/ t 2) 

AS backs 
Draft 
Opponents 

('""tinll~'C' (retm " .. J 
In other huaineu"t nisht, 

the Council: 
- appointed Jan Breslauer , 

a Warren ReJJreMnlalive as 
Academic: Alfain Commis-
sioner to replace Olivier 
KoIpin; 

- heard for the first time a 
prop05a1 by Activity Fee 

, commissioner BiB T opki. to 
raille the activity fee 54 a 
quarter; 

- announced and 
approved a re-evaluation of 
the budget that cut unused 
fund. from moat of the 
commiuioner. and placed it in 
a general fund. 
__ I!r _~ff Bereaford-Howe 

Unlv .... lty Ev.nts pr ••• nts: 

JAMES BOND DOES IT EVERYWHERE! 
spo~ by AS ProOrammi'ng 

N.IIRT R 8ROOllI em ......... 1.., 
... HARRY riTZM,ij_DmIIII..uRI" nl 
.~ Flal~THU.DIRBALL" 

ClAUDINE AUGER _ b! $c' r.. ~ l~&~o:~ZZI KEVIN McCLORY TERENct Y'OUNG RICHAR'O· MAiBAUM a,j JOHN HOPKINS 
KEViN" M~CLORY, JACK WHITTINGHAM and IAN FLEMING PANAVlSmN' Illillminll!~ 

, .. flllll' ....... IIWII'IIICII ... ,.·~_u· 
II .... tI . l( IIUUlftilf 1t1 111 1111 ' HOI .. F. u·"·, UNITED ART~TS 

Saturday, March 8. 8 pm USB 2722 
ONE SHOW ONLY Sl 50 

Tickets only available at the UEO Box Office 452- 4559 

, . 

The more 
youIOYe .. . 

fheharder 
younght, 

KTRO·GOlDWYN·IIMR Plesents 
.KlN VOIGHT FM: 00NAMf 

RICKY SCHROIlR 
"lHf: CHAMP" 

JACK w\RIlN· ARTHUR HILL· MUSIC by DAVE GRUSIN· Screenplay by W'llJER NEWMAN 
BaS81 on a stIllY by FRANC[S MARION . Proooced by OYSON LOV£U.· Directed by FRAftCQ ZHFIREUI 

QftIGI 1AAU< M8lIM ~llAa[ Oft PlN(1 I(~ W'lS 
IJijO II!! IJu AAR®:I MOM ~ TU!Mltt'--. 

MltlOllOR' ... ~-.... -.- W 

THIS FRIDA V! 
8:00 pm, Mandeville Aud 

$1.75 
UEO Box ,Offlc. 452·4558 



The Daily Guardian 

Anderson No Longer Fad 
Illinois Congressman Now in Spotlight 

WASHINGTON (AP)-
Thanks to the voters of 
Vermont and Massachusetts, 
John Anderson finds himself 
elevated from February's fad 
to March's miracle man and a 
legitimate contender, at last, 
for the GOP presidential 
nomination. 

Until his stunning showings 
in New England Tuesday 
mght, Anderson was best 
known as the favorite 
candidate of the popular comic 
strip Doone.buTu and a plain. 
talking man whose lonely, 
tiber. philotophy left him 
• wimming a,ain.t the 
conservative Repubtican tide. 

Anderson. Ion, popular 
with the press and cOJIege 
students even though he was 
tuaed with A "can't win" 
..... AUN of hia view., has 
.... validated hi. contention 
that the GOP race is not 
aimply a two· man fi,ht 
between Ronald Reagan and 
c.ar .. Bush. 

'I1IOutIh he likely wiD exit 
the poIiiic.t apotIipt in the 
cominc round of primaries in 
the conservative South, 
AndenonI wu euphoric over 
hit lint breakthroughs of the 
ampaip. 

Anderson told cheering 

supporters in Boston Tuesday, 
"We have tried to make this 
first and foremost a campaign 
of ideas" and then quoted 
RaJ.,h Waldo Emerson that 
"nothing astonishes man so 
much as common sense and 
plain dealing." 

"We've been given 
tremendous impetus for the 
rest of our campaign," he said. 

The white.haired, to·term 
Illinois congressman calls 
himself a moderate, but he 
appears liberal when 
measured against the other six 
contender. for the GOP 
nomination . 

Anderson cuts agamst In 
grain whenever he can, 

~.ing sharp increase. in 
defen.e .pending, backing 
handgun registration, favoring 
ratification of the Strategic 
Arm. Limitation Treaty, 
supporting "free choice" for 
women who want abortions, 
and proposing a 50·cent.per· 
gaUon gaa tax increase to help 
conserve oil. 

The 58-year-old Anderson 
has long been swimming 
upstream. On May 11, 1974, 
he became the fint Republican 
on Capitol Hill to call for 
President Nixon's resignation. 

The son of a Swedish 

immigrant, Anderson. and his 
wife Keke, have five children. 
Anderson is a native of 
Rockford, . IL, with degrees 
from the University of Illinois 
and Harvard Law School. 

Until the votes were counted 
Tuesday, Anderson was best 
known as the candidate 
supported by Michael 
Doonesbury, the star of the 
popular comic strip by Garry 
Trudeau. 

Anderson admits his 
underdog status, but claims "If 
I ~an just get my story out, I 
think we can convince 
pecple .. .1 think you have to 
speak out in terms that people 
are ~ at least initially - going 
to find a little jarring and 
perhaps even unpleasant." 

Anderson began modestly, 
finishing sixth among seven 
candidates in the Iowa 
precinct caucuses when he 
drew only 4.3 percent. In New 
Hampshire last week, he ran 
fourth with slightly less than 
10 percent, but promised to 
keep ,oing "as long as I have 
dean aundry." 

His next major target is the 
March 18 primary in his home 
state. 

"A STUNNING PERIOD PIECE. GLOWING WITH A SENSE OF TIME AND PLACE . .. 
A ftlm of remarkable power and quiet passion ... a noteworthy cinematic accomplish-
ment." -Judith Crist, SATURDAY REVIEW 

, 'If you can lmaglne the passion of a restrained Costa·Gavras combined with the 
luminous cinematography of BARRY L YNOON on a subject like THE GRAPES-oF 
WRATH, it would provide some idea of the sweep and power of REBELLION IN 
PATAGONIA." -Judy Stone, SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE 

"A SUPERBLY THOUGHTFUL AND IRONIC FILM ... has a marvelous sweep and 
historical consciousness." -Penelope Gillian. THE NEW YORKER 

" * * * A VIVID ACCOUNT ... WITH THE UNCOMPROMISING INTENSITY OF A 
COSTA·GAVRAS DRAMA." -Ann Guarino, THE NEW YORK DAILY NEWS 

FRIDAY, MARCH 7 7 PM' 
TLH 107 FREE ' 
~ by: commlltM for world cMmoaac:yand Ihlrdworld lfudlel 

, with OIuclCklllocated student .... 

Thursday, March 6,1980 

Cloacas Trying 
In Latest Record 

Continued (rom page 6 
While the material stinks, the 
effort gone into it is painfully 
obvious. If you can flush out 
the sludge from the mix, the 
end result is still messy. The 
bass drum beat sounds like a 
cork being popped out of the 
proverbial Shakespearean 
bung hole. Bassist Rip 
Spinkter does a cheeky Clarke 
imitation which clings to the 
melody line, refusing to let go. 

The guitarist manages to 
squeeze off a few hot ones on 
'Green apple Quickstep' and 
'The Squirts' , but his efforts go 
down the tubes because of the 
sluggishness of the other 

. musicians in getting ~heir 

material out. Vocalist W.e. 
Johnson, a noted back·up 
man , pours out his guts in a 
deep gutteral rumbling which 
portends things to come. The 
listener can almost commiser-
ate with Johnson when he 
grunts, 'I can't get no relief', 
which metaphorically 
describes a dire, real need for 
an over·the·counter prepara-
tion. Although this assiduous 
movement passes by many 
listeners, it will be interesting to 
await the group's next 
endeavor, since the outsome 
of this is pure cacophony. Sit 
down and concentrate real 
hard before spending . your 
time and money on this pile. It 
would be a real waste. B minUl; 

Around Town 
Continued from page 6 
San Diego will host the American premiere of The Dear 
Love 01 ComroJ •• , a new play by Noel Greig with music by 
Alex Hardin,. Originally produced by the Men's Company of 
England's Gay Sweatshop theatre collective the play co~e~ns the. life of Edward Carpenter, 19th C~ntury poet, 
SOCialist philosopher, penal reformer and pioneer of 
homosexual and women's rights. The American premiere 
opens at the Second Avenue Theater, 863 Second Ave., on 
March 13. It .will run from March 13 to 30, Tuesday through 
Sunday evenmgs at 8 pm. All seats are $4. For reservations 
call 233·3965 or 238-1020. 

ressions 
• • 

JC)LL .---114 
Rising cost of gold 

got you down? 
Stop by and 

see our 

24 Kardl 
T-Shlrtl _ ... 

1030 G, Torrey Pines Rd.. La Jolla 454-8006 

FAHSHEN 

by David Hare 
directed by Robert Johnson 

"When you're hungry, 
nothing else matters." 

March 5,6,7,8 8:00 pm 
UCSD Theatre 

Students $2.50 Gen. Adm. $4.00 
Phone: 452--4574 for tickets &. info. 


