
The Dail~ Guardian 
Volume 39, Number 45 University of California, San Diego Monday, March 10, 1980' 

C .... rdiOR photo by Mea 

Saltman to 
Leave Adm'n 
For Teaching 

BY MEG HONDA 
Staff Writer 

Vice Chancellor of Academic 
Alfairs Paul Saltman will not 
accept a vice-chancellorship at 
UCSD next year, even if offered a 
position, he said Friday. 

Saltman will resign his 
administrative post when the new 
chancellor takes office. 

Vice Chancellor of Academic Affain Paul 
SaJtman. 

His decision came in the 
aftermath of the announcement of 
finalist for the UCSO 
chancellorship. The Regents 
Committee narrowed the finalists 
to Richard C. Atkinson, Director 
of the National Science 
Foundation and Rob e rt 

Please turn to page 12 

Conference Finds Agreement 
Hard On Steps Against 'Draft 

BY ERIC JAYE 
Representatives from across the state the primarily White gathering. 

gathered in Santa Barbara Saturday to The draft , and the ' standing army, 
search for a way to keep the anti-draft discriminate against the poor, he said. 
movement active. "The typical military unit is similar to a 

Many of those gathered, mostly from prison-poor Whites and an overwhelming 
California colleges and universities; came to number of Blacks and Chicanos." 
the a11-day conference with the idea of The anti-draft leaders seemed to agree, as 
forming a statewide anti-draft alliance. they left one spot each on their 10-person 

That didn't happen. What was formed steering committee open for Black , Chicano 
instead was a loose information network. and Aaian-American groups. There were no 

However, the participants did decide to Blackli or Chicano groups in attendance at 
appoint a steering committee to formulate the conf rence. 
"ideological principles" in preparation for These however, were the only items all 
another statewide gathering April 12 in day on which a consensus could be reached . 
Santa Cruz. Although many of the groups present 

What the anti-draft groups are aiming at is pushed strongly for an anti-imperialist, anti-
a statewide coalition that can agree on military stance, some weren't so sure. 
tactics for fighting draft registration and the A tibertarian group there was flatly 
ideological principles behind the struggle. against such a pOsture and several of the 

"We've to to understand the reasons why group leaden said privately that though they 
they are cramming this thing down our might agree to such a stance in principle, 
throats," said one participant, in a statement they would never spend much time 
with which most other participants seemed to supporting it publicly. 

"We would lose all of our aupport if we 
went around talking like that," they said. 

agree. 
Another obvious agreement among the 

leaders was that the anti-draft movement 
needed stronger ties to minority 
comm~nities. 

Hector Lorenzo, who is now an attorney 
in Santa Barbara and was active during the 
last anti-war movement, told the gathering 
that the Vietnam anti-war effort, had been 
primarily a "White kida movement." 

Observers pointed out that all the groups 
agreed there s~ould be some ideological 
backing for their anti-draft views, and that 
most agreed more minority students should 
be included in their groups and some sort of 
anti-US imperialism policy is called for, but 
beyond that agreement will be difficult. 

"When you've got Marxi,ta sitting 
"Don't make that same mistake," he told 

AS Record Store Will 
Qpen in Spring Quarter 

The AS record store wiD 
OP"' the fint day of spring 
gua(ler, AS Prelident Carlo. 
Montalvo said yesterday. 

1be AS hal begun a 
campaign to encourage 
studenta to bring used record, 
to the store in exchange for 
money or credit, and the 
store', core of five managers 
have provided for 300 new 
record. to be available. 

In addition, the store will be 
able to order any record .. till in 
print from ita wholesaler , 

Montalvo said. 
The store will also stock 

blank tape and film cassettes. 
The store has no general 

manager, but operates as a 
cooperative, and any student 
can voluntcr his time in 
exchange for privileges at the 
store. 

Please turn to (Ja(le 4 .,-. 

Committee Decides on 
Next UCSD Chancellor' 

Won't Announce Its Choice 
8Y JEFF BERESFORD-HOWE 

News Editor ' , 
The chancellor's search and Graduate Pet~ TJerama both 

committee met yesterday and said they noted IiOI1le grumbling by 
decided who they thought should committee rrJembefll, but no one 
be UCSO's chancellor - but they pointed a finger specifically during 
aren't telling anyone who that is. yesterd~y's meeting. 

After interviewing National "We may have to re-evaluate 
Science Director Richard this idea of having lltudenta on 
Atkinson and University of committees like this," lome' 
Chicago Dean of Social Sciences Regents and faculty laid, Tiertma 
Robert Adams, the committee told The Daily Guardian. 
made what one member described But no one suggeated that 
as "an informal recommendation" Tiersma or Dunnett be removed. 
to UC President David Saxon. And Saxon told Dunnett, "I am 

Saxon has final authority to not one of the people blaming you" 
choose the chancellor, and doesn't for,the leak, she said. 
have to follow the committee's Atkinson wall unavailable for 
advice. The committee took no comment, but went through with 
formal vot , the committee the interview and is "still 
member said. interested ," it was noted. 

He also said an announcement Adams ha r~gistered no 
from Saxon should come in a objection to his name .being 
week . published as a finalist. 

The two questions remaining Saxon can disregard the advice 
after Thursday's leak of Atkinson of the committee , but t\fO 
and Adams as finalist - would committee members said he would 
th students on the committee be "probably go along with what we 
blamed for the leak, and would recommended ... He sat in and saw 
Atkinson withdraw - seem to the same things we did , and we 
hav been resolved, however . arne to some condusions after the 

Undergraduate Cheryl Dunnett proce s. " 

Ment~1 Patients Get 
Loose, TileD Are Lost 

BY BECKY LOWEN . 
A patient escaped from the V A 

Hospital psychiatric ward last 
month and tried to buy drugs from 
some Warren College students, 
according to campus Police 
Detective Murray Penhollow, but 
neither campus police nor the 
hospital have any record of the 
incident and no one seems sure 
about what really happened . 

And , all concerned seem 
satisfied to leave it that way. 

Richard Fowler , of in-patient 
psychiatric care, and Gene Porter, 
administrative assistant to the 
hospital chief of staff Seymour 
Dayton, denied any knowledge of 
such an incident, but Captain Leo 

Garcia of V A security did recall an 
incident where a patient with an 
"inactive imagination" offered to 
sell "machine gun and cocaine" to 
some UCSD students. 

Garcia insi ted that the man was 
"not dangerous to him elf or 
others" and had not been a patient 
from the locked psychiatric ward. 
He was unable to locate any 
record of the incident, however. 

Garcia referred to the patient as 
an "annoyance" and said he had 
been transferred to Brentwood to 
protect him from people who might 
"over-react to him and thump 
hi " m . 

Please turn to page 4 

Roaer ReYeile atanda in front of a birthday lreetm,_ at Revelle Plaza n. ..... ,. The noted 
leientilt. who was inetrumental in ntabliehl .. the UC c:ampua here and i. the nameeake f. 
Revelle Col ..... i. 71. 

I 

,. ... 



2 

The Daily. Guardian 
,-,"-41""'- _p.,... 

Eric ... ,. Kathy Huffer Jeff 8ereaford·Howe 
Editor Managing Editor News Editor 

J.hn Klock 
Copy Editor 

u..icnM " ...,.._111 
.... view. ::r::"" .. member 
...... board of The o.n, 
Gaa ian . Th. Dail, 

Ian i. ubli.h.d 

Sam Gooch and John HOndroa 
, \' ~CI ' ''' '' ' . ,.\\ ~ Editors 

Monday th", Friday durint 
the lell\lla, IChooi ~., by 
lIudenta 01 the Uni"" .. ity 01 
Cdlomia. San !MilO, For 
in/ormation cal 452·3466, 

Search Light 
Publication by The Daily Guardian of the names of 

two finalists for the position of UCSD chancellorship 
has 'prompted angry guesses from some members of 
the chanceUor's search committee about who was 
responsible for spilling the beans. 

However, if the selection process is upset by 
disclosure, of the names, the committee has only itseU 
to blame. From the start of the search, members have 
maintained a Potitburo-Iike degree of secrecy, refusing 
even to disclose what characteristics they were seeking 
in candidates. Some even refused to reveal when their 

. meetings were scheduled. The committee and UC 
President Saxon clearly intended from the start to see 
that a final candidate was chosen without aJlowing any 
discu90n in dw,community that will have to live with 
the neW chanqeUor. At least now we have some idea 
what the alternatives are. 

1be UCSD members of the committee -
ProfellOn Freeman Gilbert, Robert Hamburger and 
H. Stuart Hughes, and students Cheryl Dunnett and 
Peter Tlersma - deserve to be criticized for not 

", pushing harder for the committee to operate more 
openly. Their compliance with Saxon's insistence on 
strict . secrecy is not in the best interests of their 
constituency. . 

" Drop ' the Subjectt.l 
, A final .c:tecision on a faculty committee's ill· 
conc~ived proposal to-change the UCSD add-drop 

. system was postponed for the second time Feb. 28 
because the Adademic Senate was unable to muster a 
voting quorum. The. senate's failure is another sign 
that the same faculty that hounded out 8>chancelJor 
last year because of a supposed failure to consult with 
professors is itself collective1y indifferent to issues that 
are important to students~ 

It may be a blessing, however, that the senate didn't 
vote, because now the Associated Students and others 
will have more time to lobby a$(ainst the proposal. 

The Committee on Educational Policy is proposing 
that students be allowed to drop c1a~ses as late as the 
ninth week, but that those who drop after the fourth 
week have a "W" -.: for "withdrew" - recorded on 
their transcript. The CEP maintains that the policy will 
prevent students from inflating their GP As by taking 
several shots at as much as six·tenths of a class before 
completing it for a grade. ' 
, This proposal is fundamentally flawed because it 
would penalize students for a problem that, if it really 
exist is really the fault of professors: grade inflation. 
If professors are r~a1ly interested in .stopping grade 
inflation, .they should tighten their own academic 
standards and also clamp down on those colleges and 
professors that let students drop by petition after the 
regular deadline. 

The argument that sludepts who take portions of the 
same dass repeatedly are' engaging in an unethiccil 
manipulation of the rules is also weak . . That would ' 
mean students who take 1 Ounits instead of 16, or who 
take dalleS known to be easier to gel high grades in, , 
are also "manipulating the rules" to improve their .' 
perfonnance. Students have certain strategic tools to 
help them do their best in an academic setting thatris, 
despite rhetoric aliout plummetting standards, 
rigorous and demanding for most. For the Academic 
Senate to deprive ·students of one of these tools - the 
chance to take a class for six weeks and drop without 
penalty - would be both a disservice to students and, 
an evallion of the laculty's responsibility to maintain 
appropriate academic standards. 

The Daily GuanUan, Monday, March I, 1980 

Snow, Fog, and Hot Air 
BY DOROTHY HOUSTON 

Thank goodness it's over. 
After weeks of " Hot News in Icy New 

Hampshire" (full page CBS ad) the whole bit -
the candidates, the leafleters, the pesky press 
and pesky advance man - have moved on to 
Massachusetts and Vermont and beyond. 

Dorothy Houston, a former Daily Guardian 
staff writer, now attends Dartmouth College in 
New Hampshire. 

Being in the middle of the ' country's first 
primary election wasn't even fun . 

Somewhere among Carter's reactions to the 
Soviet moves in Afghanistan and the "get 
tough" and other vague talk of the candidates 
stomping the campus (who ever told me 
candidates don't come to Darbnouth because 
the questioning gets too sticky?), I lost my zeal 
for enjoying the lunacy of a presidential 
campaign. . 

My usual openness to shaking hands and 
allowing volunteers to stuff my bookbag with 
pamphlets evaporated, and when George Bush's 
son (what was his name?) leapt into the office of 
the Daily Guardian to pump hands I buried my 
nose in the story I was working on. 

We'll use mititary force in the Persian Gulf if 
necessary; Clark Clifford intensifies this 
announcement: China can receive military 
hardware from the US (the "China Card" was 
played before the deck was shuffled); the saIt'II 
proceedings are swept under the rug; NATO 
agreements ate made concerning the 
emplacement of nudear weapons in &Mope. 

I blinked at the headlines in the pa""r. Ca'i'ter, 
our late learner about the Soviet UniOn, moved 
fast. "It's all too aggressive, too exploitive," I 
told my breakfast neighbor. His return was 
"You're sounding like Praooa." A 

, To be sure, I fully condemn the Soviet move 
into Afghanistan. The ruling Soviets are 

committing mass murder in that country, and the 
morning reports sicken my heart. My anger, I 
admit, often matches those who are sounding 50 
hardline. 

And I don't know how I would have designed 
a US response to the invasion. I've only be8un to 
think on it, but , I do belive dangerous any actions 
that further the feelings of encirclement on the 
part of the isolated . near fanatics running the 
backwards and faltering Soviet system. 

Any revival of Cold War tension after a 
decade of an immense nuclear arms build·up is 
insane. Thirty minutes after the levers are pulled 
the Northern Hemisphere can be incinerated or 
"vaporized," as Jerry Brown warns. 

We must get smart, not so much tough, 
concerning the Soviet Union. Harrison Saisbury, 
fonner Moscow correspondent for the New York 
Times, said here the other evening, " I'm not 
afr~d of the Russions. I think we need to worry 
about ourselves and our understanding of them, 
50 that ... we can, in some fashion, cope with 
problems with the Soviet , Union without 
wrapping them up to the point at which we have 
nudear confrontation." 

Well said. I would've liked to have heard that 
out of the candidates. Instead, Bush, Connally, 
Baker and the candidate in the White House are 
capitalizing on (and fueling) a public mood of 
"those nasty Russians," "the detente that never 
was" and lCwe're weak militarily." 

Gee: The way people are talking"you'd thin, 
we have a few spears and arrows and a couple of 
crude A·bombs stored 'in the closet. 

I guep I differ from the majority of Americans . 
who, as reported in the · nmes, feel Carter is not .;. 
politicking in his foreign policy actions. 

All that candidate talk about "strength," 
i'conviction" ~nd "revitalized America" IeIt me 
unclear about where the candidates stand on the 
iuues. 

Please tum 10 page 4 

Inflation a Threat to the System? 
BY GREGORY NOKES 

Behind some of the 
concern in Washington over 
the nation's worsening 
inflation rate is worry that it' 

Gregory Nokes' is a writer ' 
for .he Associated Press. 
could : ~ve profound and . 
unpleasant consequences for 
American democracy. 

Arthur Burnl, former 
chairman of the federal ', 
Reserve Board, is one who 
has warned about this for 
leveral yearl, and the danger 
is growing, he told a group of 
reporters last week. 

He said that if inflation 
continues to worsen, it may 
undermine the confidence of 
Americana in their political 
Iyltem and cause them. to • 
search for non-democratic 
solutions. Inflation is now at 

an annual rate of 18 percent, 
the worst in several decade •. 

"U no one in _our two 
partie. talcea hold ' of the 
inflation problem and 
provides leadership, some 
demqogue may •. arise ~ 
capture the public imagina. 
tion," Burna said. 

k is no accident, huaid, 
that Hitler came' into Power 
in 'German" in 1933 on the 
heell of a ·disastroUs inOatiOn 
rate in that country. . 

J:Ie said the situation had 
reached the point where "the 
middle class was wiped ~t 
and there was a destabilizing 
sense of frustration in the 
COWltry, something Hitler 
w .. able to capitalize on." 

While inflation in the 
United States is nowhere 
'near as bad as it was in 
Germany - prices increased 
two biUidh timel in a lingle 

year, Burns said ... 
persistent inflation "tenda to 
raise questions in people;. 
mind. about the workings qI 
democracy," he added. 

"A society in the last 
analysis is going to protect 
itself," he said. .-

Burn. isn't the only one 
talking in luch terms, 
although his warnings of the ' 
pouible consequences are 
more gr aphic than most. 

.• Trea.ury. __ Secretary G. 
WiDiam Miller has repeated. 
ly warned that iftflation is ". 
dear . and present danger" 
that threatens to erode the 
nation.' freedoms. 

When Chairman Paul A. 
Volcker 01 the federal 
Reserve Board wa. aaked 
during an appearance before 
a conl'ellional conunittee 
last week if he agreed with IU1 

Pleaae fUm tp fIGIIC 11 

Monday, March 10,1980 

Ghotzbadeh Gives 
Deadline to Militants 

Iranian foreign Minister 
Sagegh Ghotbzadeh lut night 
gave the militants· holding 
American hostages 24 hours 
to make a final decision on 
whether a UN commiuion will 
meet with the captives and if 
they are to be tran.fered to 
government custody. 

Ghotbzadeh, speaking after 
a Revoluti'onary Council 
meeting last night, did not say 
what action would be taken if 
the deadline were not met, and 
he set no precise time for a 
response by themilitanta. 

He chastised the militants 
for new conditions they 
imposed yesterday on 
transferring the approximatdy 
50 hostages held in the US 
Embauy and said a decision 
by the ruling Revolutionary 
Council on arrangements to 
deal with the hostages would 
be announced before noon 
Monday. 

Spokesmen for the militants 
told reporters at the US 
Embassy compound in 
Tehran that they were "ready 
at any minute" to carry out 
their decision to transfer the 
ho.lages if the conditions were 
met. 

They demanded the 
transfer be publicized in 
advance through broadcasts 
on the state· run radio network, 

,"10 keep the Iranian people 
infonned of all the details," 
and that Ghotbzadeh be 

replaced as the Revolutionary 
Council's official representa· 
tive in arranging the transfer. 

They added that they were 
determined to remain inside' 
the embassy grounds after the 
transfer to reveal more 
documents from the embassy 
files. Previously they have 
released documents they 
allege prove the embssy waa a 
"den of spies." 

"We are not eager to hand 
over the hostages, but since we 
want to prevent any deviation 
and conflict with the 
authorities of the country in 
spite of our will we a re 
prepared to ha nd lhem over," 
said one of the thre e 
unidentified spokesmen . 

Lundberg Sees 
Gasoline Surplus 

LOS ANGELES - A 
dramatic increase recorded in 
the nation's gasoline supplies 
could mean an end to the gaa 
shortage - and to soaring gaa 
prices, oil analyst Dan 
lundberg said yesterday. 

Lundberg, whose weekly 
Lundberg Letter surveys 
trends in the petroleum 
industry, says gasoline stocks 
are at near record levels and 
refiners are releasing more gas 
to the public this month than 

The Daily Guardian 

DOONESBURY 

they have since last 
November. 

At the same time, public 
consumption continues to 
decline. American motorists 
bought 11 percent leu gas in 
the last three month. than they 
did during the same period last 
year, Lundberg said. 

"Unless people now start 
buying more gasoline than 
they have been , -at current 
prices, there could be a surplus 
of publicly available gasoline 
in March in the nation as a . 
whole," he sai.d . "It's a 180· 
degree turnaround that few oil 
company executives fore· 
saw. 

n 

Crisis Computer 
Fails in Stress 

WASHINGTON - The 
worldwide computer system 
built to warn the president of 
an enemy altack or 

international erilis i. prone to 
break down under preuure, 
according to informed sources 
who have worked on or 
examined the system. 

The system already has 
failed in at least two critical 
lituations, the sources said. A 
team of goverrvnent auditors 
concluded that the computers, 
considered a bargain when 
they were installed nearly a 
decade ago, are fundamental· 
Iy deficient in deligo and 
cannot be used effectively for 
military command purposes'. 

Prof Blamed For 
Role in Melee 

SAN DIEGO - The chief . 
of security at San· Diego State 
University says administrators 
should discipline at> least one 
profeuor "who was in the front 
ranks" of the tumuitoul 

3 

by Garry Trudeau 

Iranian demonstrations on 
campus friday. 

John Carpenter said 
Saturday he will recommend 
punishment by the administra· 
tion .. because there is no 
crirnihal action I could take" 
against the individ~. 

Connally Drops 
White House Bid 

HOUSTON - Jolu; B. 
Connallr, declaring that 
Ronald ' Reagan "is stiD the 
champion," withdrew from the 
Republican presidential race 
yesterday, one day Ilfler he 
was soundly thrashed by 
Reagan in their first primary 
battle in the South. 

The former Texas 
governor, who bec4hle a 
candidate one year ago and 
spent nearly $10 minion in a 
losing battle. 
--------~------------------------------------~---

1980 . 
UC San Diego 

Summer .... 1on 
catalogs j;~j Are Available . 

""'--'U'- Son Diego Summer Session Catalogs are 
rtC1N availoble at the SUmmer Session Office. 
106 Administrative Complex (Chancellor's 
Complex). ~ further Info. a to receive a free 

copy d the catalog. roll (714) 452~. 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES $150 
n .... -llJ<iw, \ l!npl~tFl ~ .. H PlEtP'Ir'lAt on Including lonome t rt len "AS fttt·ng 'l'f0r~ ,Ip 

trR' ,r g \ltr~ ~,t and 'o:lo lh u,-, ..,15 t.., I omple'£' - no Ilddlt'of'a' ~~\a'qec; 

, .' 
Beware 01 the quick eye examination and contact lens fit. It may be too quick, The beat eye examination aod 
contact lena fitting Is painstaking. melhodlca~ thorough, and consists 01 numerOUI lei", A minimum 
nurnI:Jef 014 vteltilS required to achieve a praper fit. Our office ~ equipped with the moIIt sophisticated, ad-
\/IInced and computerized Instrumentation In the world In order to achieve the belt eYe,lxaminatlOn and 
contact lens fitting PQUibIe. 
All contact lena filing Include I wrttten agreement that allows you to rllurn your contacts and recei~ are· 
fund It your dlscr~tlon with a specific period of time, 
If you 've been thinking about contacts, visit San Diego's mosttechnolO!iically·advanced optometric oIlice 
today, Our large library ollenslS allows us to send you home with your new contacts the same oay they Bre 
fitted In most caSIS, 
Calltodliy for an appointment, free consulta tion or information packet explaining soft. flexible, hare!. toric 
(lor correction of astigmatism) sOft. and exlended ",:ear (24·hour) conlact lenses. 

Dr. D. A. Rorabaugh I Alloclat .. , 
OptometJ1111 

-""19=::3""9-=G-ra-nd77A'Ie- nu-'e:=J.:':P:=:aC,flC Beach, CA • 272·:l211 

" Tired pf'being 

.-

M.D.-D.D.S.-D. V.M. 
Enter Aug '80 au. 

a nerd? .. r-J-O-IN-TH-E-RE-V-E-L-LE--' 
R.A. STAFF 

. Ph.D· M.D. Protcram . 

Important: 
Deadline Friday March 21 . --.... 

Applications are npw being 
iK'-"epted. Pkk up a rclcrral lip 

, at the Srudent Employment 0 ft'ice. 
21 <4 Administrative Complex. 

" 

D.I~.S. , D.C,. D.p.M.·M.D. 
Program 

W.H.O. USTED 

Proven Proft"uio.w 
Stud_ ""'--nt ~ic-

lOOI~ 51. 
New York, NY 10027 

(212).865-4949 

.' 



• 

Anti-Draft Groups Agrees 
On Peripheral Points 
Conlinu«J from PGMe 1 

between the libertarians and 
Hayden'. people (Studenb for 
Economic Democracy) you 
know that there il going to be 
trouble reaching any IOrt of 
con.en.ul," said one 

. pu1iciJjant.. . 
Even if no aUiana! i. formed 

out of the April 12 meetins in 
Santa Cruz, campus leaden 

. . aay they wiD continue the fight 
without it. 

, "'lie ,ot 2500 people to 
nwch - and that was without 

. any alliance - we don't need 
it' to leeep up the fight," said 
San Diego Studenb for Peace 

. 1pOIc~ Seo" KeMler. 

But KeISler acknowledged 
that an alliance wouJd help. He 
pointed out that the feb. 11 
demon.traliona had been co· 
ordinated througout the state 
and that had helped attract 
media attention. 

"An alliance would make 
thatlort of .tuff (coordination) 
ea.ier," Kessler .aid. 

Alliance or no, the groups 
gathered Satwday did agree, 
at the tail of the meeting, on 
one joint action. In addition to 
the formation of the 
information network they have 
pledged thernaelve. to hold a 
boycott of danel April 30 to 
call attention to their protelt. 

Women Organize to 
" Resist.Draft Proposal 

. Women Or,anized to R.... Draft ia hoIdi"8 an 
inIonnational meeting March 
16 from ~ 5 pm at the 
Golden I. Community 
Center on 220 Broadway, 
downtown. ' 

WORD also plan. to 
participate in the March 22 
downtown rally scheduled 
.ainat the draft. 

~'We often hear that 
equality in the military i. the 
last step to liberation," their 
platform stands. . ' 5&:Jeaken . wiJI address the 

legal iuue. · involved with the 
. ' Equalltighb Amendmeat and "Women mUlt not fall into 

the Draft, the HiatOl'Y. 01 the trap of .upportin.Bthe draft 
Women and the' Draft' and for .uch a reason. The rights 
several other topiCI. wpmen delierve, indeed the 

Informal . worklhopa and righb all of ow citizens' 
group · discUssions are also deserve, must noJ be 
acheduled" ~ all ~~. in . predicat~ on supporting such 

. the conunuruty are inVited to .an onerous violation of our 
attend. . basic righb as the draft. 

\ 

uc' sen Diego Cho~ MusIC ~ 
1979-80 pr~ts: 

from Stuttgart. Gem1anV 
. .. 

The Melos ' ~ . 
Quartet 
Mach 15. Sat. 8 poi' 

Mond8Y1l1e Audltortum 

Hatch .......... Quartet-In D. Opus 76 
Berg: •..•.....•..•••...• Quartet opus 3 

. Schuberf' ....... Quartet in G, opus 161 
' . . 

Monday, March 10, 1180 

Mental Patients Escape 
F roO) VA;· Aren't Missed 
Continued from page 1 

Brentwood is a maximum 
security facility in Long 
Beach, where the VA Hospital 
sends long. term mental 
patients. 

No one contacted at the 
hospital knew how often 
psychiatric patients leave the 
hospital and walk over to 
UCSD, but all insisted that 
such incidents were "insignifi. 
cant" and that the patients 
were not "dangerous." 

"This is not a priMm," 
Fowler says. "We aren't trying 
to prevent voluntary patienl$ 
from leaving." 

fowler a1.0 had no figure. 
.on how often psychiatric 

patienb leave the hospital but 
did not feel the patienb 
preliented a danger. 

"There's a lot of press of 
how mental patienb create 
crimes. The severely'disturbed 
are no more apt to commit 
serious crimes than the rest of 
the population," he added. 

Police Chief Hugh french 
said that the police " regularly" . 
return patientli to the V A 
Hospital. However, the police 
did not have any data on the 
number of times such incidents 
occur. 

Garcia had no statistics on 
the frequency of such incidenb 
but claimed, "In my tenure of 
eight years, the amount of 

times we've had to retrieve a 
psychiatric patient from 
UCSD has been minimal." 

Garcia emph"sized that the 
patients not in the locked ward 
are not dangerous and "had a 
right to be in the community." 

.. All of us have some degree 
of incompetence," he added. 
"I wo..dd hope in this country 
that if you did not fit the 
standard for being 'normal' 
that you wouldn't be Iqcked 
up. " 

Garcia is eager to minimize 
the significance of last month 's 
incident, saying that if the 
students had not contacted the 
police, the fact that the patient 

PleaN tum to f'Gfe 11 

Political Madness. in the East 
Continued from p0/lf! 2 

And sure enough, all those folks out there for 
Bush don't know why they're supporting Bu.h 
- he just "lOunds strong." 

But where have you been , Houston? Mom 
and Pop have been telling you for years that 
politicians are full of hot air. Instead of direct 
answer. to our direct questions we got flashy and 
witty non·answers that go weu with the TV 
cameras. 

We who know the nuclear fuel cycle and the 
make·up 0' the nuclear waste were told the US 
should. push for the development of "as much 
nuclear power as is safe." 

- We who have spent hours w~ng through the 
current composition of the nuclear arsenal were 
told "the US should increase its military 
spending. " 

• Where wou~ thi. spending go? Candidate 

stands on the MX were made clear: but what 
about all those other nuclear systems being 
worked on? (Ask Herbert York about them.) 

We who are gaining an appreciation and 
sensitivity for other countries in this world were 
told America wiD "protect its vital interests." 

We, were treated like twib by the candidates. 
We, were prop audiences for the candidates . 

But in all fairness, and despite my aversion to 
the campaign I have an election plug. John 
Anderson gave us the straight talk ; and Brown 
gave us the semi.straight talk. 

Far the most part, though, I should've stayed 
in my room and studied and written letters to the 
Carter administration instead of attending 
campaign talks. At least, when I retwn to 
California, 111 know to hit the beach rather than 
the auditoriums. 

UCSD has a 
DENTAL GROUP 

at the Student Health Center 
with Student Rates! 

~~------~edo--------~ ~ EXAMINATIONS 
and 

DENTAL WORK 
and Hygienists are . 

available for cleaning teeth 
' . 

MONDA Y thru FRIDA Y 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
phone: 452"2080' 

w~ can do UJOrk for spouses, too! 
.' , 

How long has it been since you'tIe seen a 
DENTIST! 

I 

Gua,dian phQ/O b" We. 
From left, Jon Mooney, Jim Dooley and Steve Upp provide a 

united front against UC Riverside Friday. The Tritons won 
before a hometown crowd at the Main Gym. 

Men Lose in Tennis, 5·4 

The Daily Guardian ~ • S 

Finally, Men Show Killer 
Instinct for V -ball Win 

Tomorrow vs. USIU Will Show If It's For Real 
BY scon ALLISON 

Staff W riler 
It may tum out to be 

nothing. Or it could be just 
what the UCSD men's 
volleyball team needs to build 
their confidence as they enter 
tomorrow night 's crucial 
contest with the United States 
International University Gulls. 

The Tritons blew out the 
UC Riverside Highlanders in 

, three straight games Friday 
night , but more importan~y, 
they did it with unwavering 
intensity. 

Earlier this season, the 
Tritons' play may have fallen 
to the levd of an inferior 
opponent like Riverside. But 
Friday the spikers showed a 
refreshing killer instinct and 
made mincemeat of the 
Highlanders , 15·8, 18·16 and 

· 15·6. 

" I think it's important that 
we maintained a steady high 
level of intensity tonight," said 
Triton Coach Doug Dannevik. 
"And even though we're now 
ready for Tuesday's USI U 

The Daily Gual'dian 

Sports 
match, we're still going to need 
some fan support that night." 

Indeed, the Tritons played 
USIU at home two weeks ago 
and lost in four games. 
Although the UCSD spikers 
are a better squad than the 
Gulls, USIU had brought with 
them a belligerent rooting 
section that seemed to 
intimidate the Tritons. 

Thus the Tritons not only 

have something to prove in 
their clash with USIU 
tomorrow night, but they also 
need a victory just to maintain 
sole possession of third place 
in league competition. 

"The Gulls will certainly 
lose to the 5ame teams we've 
lost to, so this is almost a must· 
win situation," said Dannevik. 

Strong performances from 
middle blockers Bob ~odes 
and Jim Dooley are the key to 
Triton success. Two weeks 
ago, Dooley did not make his 
presence felt against USIU, 
something Dannevik hopes to 
amend. 

And two weeks ago UCSD 
didn't have the ace up its 
sleeve it has now: a 
healthy Upp, whose All· 
League status makes him the 
glue to the Triton offensive 
attack. 

Netters Drop Close One to Mudd 
BY BARBARA HAAS 

Senior Staff Writer 
The men's tenni team lost a tight 

match on the Muir Courts Saturday to 
Claremont.Harvey.Mudd College,S. 
4, despite strong performances by Paul 
Metsch and Everett Gee. 

Top seeded Metsch and third seed 
Gee came away with the only singles 
victories for UCSD, leaving the Tritons 
behind Claremont· Mudd 4·2 after 
singles competition. Meisch played to 
three sets with his opponent before 
winning his match, 6·2, 5· 7, 6·4. 

After losing the first set 4·6, Gee 
regained his concentration and the 
lead, overcoming his opposition , 4·6, 
6·3, 6-4. Gee used his remarkably 
strong backha nd skillfully in his match. 

He may have been fortunate that the 
ball was seldom hit to his forehand, as 
he tends to use only his arm as the 
source of power instead of backing lip 
the stroke with his body. 

Claremont·Mudd provide"d t!iht 
competition for the Tritons. Tad 
Yamaguchi, coach for the team said, 
''The match could have gone either 

DaB-II ~HIRD PLACE 
. IS now open 

SIT 1 DB Study Skills Group M/W 6-8 pm 
HOVI to Study for Science Thurs 3-5 pm 

TAKE A LOOK 
AT LA JOLLA'S ONLY 

INDOOR-ouTDOOR 
BOOKSTORE/COFFEEHOUSE! 

D.G.WD,fS 
BOOKS 

7527 LA JOLLA BLVD, 
456-1800 

BUY, SELL. ANJ TRAOE~W AK) USED BOOKS 
HALF PRICE PAPERBACKS! 

OPEN 10AM TO 10PM EVERYDAY! 

. ,-."",~, II , ..... i., •••••• f •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• •••• •••• • • • ~ .. . .... ... 

way. We could have won any of the 
singles or the other doubles and won 
the match." 

Going into doubles competition, 
UCSD needed all three victories if they 
were to win the match. Metsch and 

. John Rosenburg struggled to a three 
set victory over Claremont's top 
seeded team, 6 ·4, 6 · 7, 6·4. 
Rosenburg, in an attempt to relocate 
the retaining fence on the court, 
collided with a pole during the first set 
and sustained moderate bruises . But he 
recovered and was able to resume 

play. . 
Sixth seed Morgan Magid replaced 

fourth seed Ron Phillips on the third 
doubles team with Gee. Phillips, after 
suffering his first loss to Mudd in his 
four years here in singles play 4.6, 6· 3, 
6.2, was unable to participate in 
doubles because of leg cramps. 

Magid - rebounded easily after a 
bitter 6.1, 7·6 loss in singles. He and 
Gee defeated Claremont in two Quick 
sets, 7·5, 6·2. They were down 5·2 in 
the first set but came back to win the 

Please tum to f'Glle 8 

UCSD 
Budget Numbers 

accepted 



The Dally Guardian 

Recreation 
MON>AY 
3:00 • 5cOO pm - Lacroue CliJI practice Revelle F"1eid. 
3130 • 5:00 pm - .Judo Club practice Wreedina Rm., Man Gym. 
4tOO • IcOO pili - G~ Oub IpCIfIaOra open workoul. 

~·Friday, 4-6 pm, in the SouIh Balcony 0I1he Man Gym. 
,.,., UC!D ...... inIeNIIId in joinina ua are welcome! 
4cOO.1:OO .... - T:; .... Club meeII today for open play in 
the Ra. eo.M.- " 
&00 ... -lema.. practice North Balcony, Main Gym. 
s.oo. 7:00 .. - Gla Club meetint Acl.ptive Rm, Main Gym. 
fdJO ... - Fi ... Ski Club .... before J.1uon Hole IPrinI 
.... Irip. AI the R« Gym CoNerence rooom. Be there iI you're 
... an __ trip! 

&30 • 1:00 .... - Aikido O~ practice, W .... tIi,. Room. 
. ' 

nJESDAY 
12:30 - Golf n. SDSU. T arrey Pfta. 
1:00 ... - Wamen'. SoIthaII v. USIU. Away. 
laOO ... - M.a'. buebaII v •. Cal Tech. Away. 
SlOG • 5&00 ... - l.JIIin.ta Frilbee practice Revelle F"1eid. 
4tOO ~ 5&00 ... - ICoNan K_te practice, North Balcony, Man 
e,.... 
4rCIO • 1:00 ... - Gymnutica Club open auperviaed workout in 
!he South Balcony 01 the Main Gym. 
ScOO ... - icarue Club practice North Balcony, Main Gym. 
~ • 5:41 ... ~ lado Oub practice, Wretdint Room. 
7:30 .. - M.a'. VoIeybaII v. USIU. Home 
\YI!'.DNE!DA Y 
12:30 - Golf v. USIU. Rancho Santa Fe. 
3100 • 5:~ ... - lacroue CI~ practice Revelle F'reId. 
3130 • 5:00 ... - lado Oub pnrctice Wreatlins Room 
4:00 • 8:00 ... - Table Ttnnia Oub open play Rec Conf Rm. 
N.w pia, .. alway. welcome! 
+.00 • . laOOpat - Gymnutica Cub IpOIIIOI'I open IUperviaecI 
~ for" you former lYI" .... t enthuliuta. Join UI in the South 
a..." Main Gym. 

'ScOO • 7:00 pili - YOIa Club meetint Adaptive Room, Main 
e,... 

.le00 • 7:00 ... - Be .. Folkbico Club meeb al the Outback 
Cal., W ....... Campua, KrOll from Childcare Center. 
1:30 • 8:00 ... -Aikido Oub practice Wrea~ Room. 

'.' 

ntUtSDAY 
12=30 - ~If v. American Univenity at Torrey Pine .. 
3:00 • 5:OCt pm - Ultimate F riIbee Club prac:tic:e, Revelle F" aelcl. 
4:00 • 8:00 .... - Gymnutia Club IpCII1IOR open auperviaed 
wwkouu, South &lcony 01 the Main Gym. 

. 5:00 ... - 'Karale Club practice North Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:00 • 5:45 pm - Judo Club practice, WJUtIi"l Room. 
S:OO· 10:00 .... - .Ntali"l Club practicea each Thuraclay in the w, .... _, Main Gym. _ 

8:30 pm - RacquelbaU Club Nisht al Black Mountain Racquetball 
Club, 9-11 pm, $1.00. ~~ at l!rey H.u mailbox at 8:30 pm for 
carpoolinr. All level. 01 play welcomel 

FRIDAY 
12:30 pm - Golf v •. Poinl Lorna Collep in fJ Cajon. 
2:00 pm - Men'. temia v •. Wtlliam JeweU CoIIeae, home. 
2:00 • 3:00 pm - Synchronized Swimming CliJI meet, today at 
the Pool. 
3;,00 pm - Men', BaaebalJ v, Claremont, home. 
3:00 • 5:00 pm - Lacroue CliJI practice, Revelle Field. 
4:00 • 8:00 pm - Table T enni. Club meet.a for open play in the 
R« Conf Room. New Playera alway, welcome! 
4:00 • _:00 pm - Gymnattics Oub ho.1I open auperviaed 
gymnaatic. workouta daily in the South Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - Karate Club practice, North Balcony, Man Gym. 
5:00 • 6:30 pm - Gung Fu Oub meeta in Adaptive Room, Main 
Gym. 
7:30 pm - Men'. voUeybaU v •. CSU Northridge, away. 

SAnJRDAY 
9:00· 11:00 am _ ·Ballet folkloric:o meet. at the Outback Cafe, 
Wllrlen Campul, aO'Ol' from Childcare Center. 
AU OIly - Women' •• wim AIAW National Orampionahip., 
Somewhere in Pennaylvania 
10:00 am - Men'. Tennit VI Glendale City College, horne 
11:00 am - Women'. fUlJby v. Tempe, home. 
12:00.- - Men'. Bueball v. Claremont (2), home. 
12:00 ...... ·2:00 pm - Uhimale Friahee Club practice, Revelle 

F"reId. 
1:00 pm - Men', rugby vs. UCLA - GSM, home. 
2:00 pm - Men'. Vollesball v. CaJ.L..theran College, away. 

SUNDAY 
10:00 • 12 .- - Synchronized Swimming Club meela today at 
th. pooI._ _ • 
11:00 am - Women'l Rlllby v. KIWI, Huntington Beach. 

SlIIurday & Sunday 
Women'. Swim AIAW Nalional ChampioJ\lhipa, _where in 
Pinna y1vania \ 
Women', Track Northridge Ruy., away. 
Saili ... South Seriea, #4 . #5, away. 
Cycling v. Stanford, away. 

Acad-'" - • rVlces • 
MONDA Y THRU FRIDAY 
OASIS Writing Cenler offer.lree aervice lor aI UCSD .tudent. who • 12:00 _ PfBce Corp.Nitta, North Conerence Room . 
need pre·wriling help, conference. on drafll, and editing advice. W, 
engage any kind of writing and any kind 01 writmg problem. Cal • 3:00 pm - OPen HoUri held in the Career PlannilllJ & 
452.2284 after 8: IS am 10 .. hedule an appointment or drop in US8 Center for l-liunanitiea and Social Sciences major •. No 
4070 8: 30-4:30 pm. Conference. are also available Mondays 6.8 ."tments neceuary however, it i, advisable to arrive early in the 
pm at 4070 USB, and Sundays 6-8 pm at The TIircI Place (aero" On some day. no Open hour. wiD be held, 10 pleue caD 452· 
from' the Munch Box, Third College). 10 confirm. Holiday achedule. Student Cenler, Bldg. B. 

MONDAY 
11:00 • .- - Open Hour. held in the Career Planning & 
Placement Center lor Humanities and Social Sciences majora. No 
appointmenta neceuary however, it i. adviaable to arrive early in tht 
our. On acme daYI no ()pen hour. wiD be held, 10 pleaae caD 452. 
3750 10 confirm. Holiday achedule. Student Center, Bldg. B. 
6:00·8:00 pm - srr lOB .tudy group. Location: Third Plac~ 

. 4:00 pm - Drop-in houri for Phyaical and Engineering 
majon are available to help you with your career and job-

concern •. Come by at any time convenient to you. 5218 

.8:00 pm - Srr lOB Iludy group. Location: Third Place, 
College. 

~I~'HY 

The Daily Guardian 

Lectures 
nJESDAY 
Noon • 1 :00 pm - Contraceptive Education Session: Informal 
diacuuion; all mU$t allend to receive birth control services and men 
~re encouraged to attend M well. No appt necesaary, located in the 
conference room at the UCSD Student Health Center. 
4:00 pm - Chemical.Physics Seminar: "Structural and Dnamic 
Applicalions of High Reaolution Solid State NMR." Speaker: Dr. C. 
S. Yannoi, IBM Reaearch Labs, San Joae. Bonner Hall, 2105 
5:00 pm - UCSD, School 01 Medicine. Neuroacience. 
Departmental Seminar . Topic : Memory : Neurological , 
Neuropaychological, and Anatomical A.pecta . Speaker: Dr. Larry 
Squire, Aaaoc. Profesaor 01 Psychiatry UCSD. Rm. 2100 BSB. 

WEDNESDAY 
12:00 • 1:00 pm - Contraceptive Education Seuion: Infonnal 
diacullion; all mUlt allend to receive birth control aervices a.nd men 
are encouraged to attend .. weD. No appt Jl('ceaaary , located in the 
conference room at the UCSD Student Health Center. 

4:00 pm - Organic/ Inorganic Seminar: "',¥Ielal Ion Catalyaia in 
Prebiotic Oligonucleotide Synthesis." Speaker: Dr. Peter Brid.on. 
Salk Institute of Biological Studies, La Jolla. Location: l1.H 104. 

THURSDAY 
4:00 pm - ADVANCED MEDITATION it comi .. your way! 
The San Diego Meditation Club i. offering thit worIcahop eapecialJy 
lor thOle with meditation eKperience, although complete !aeaint-. 
are also adviaed 10 attend, before workahopa end. Conduc~ by 
noted author & meditation authority Dr. Lenz! Location: HSS 1128 

FRIDAY 
12:00 noon - Biocherni.try Seminar: "The Interaction Between 
the Microtubule Cycle and Proteina thai TrillJet' CeO Growth." 
Speaker: Dr. Morris Friedkin, Dept, of Biology, UCSD. Location: 
Batic Science Bklg 2100. 

Meetings 
MONDAY WEDNESDAY 

7 

. 3:00 pm - Recruiler from Emory School 01 Nursing. Come 
nJESDA Y about the nursing program. available at Emory. Game 

7:00 pm - Surf Club and Team rneetill(l . Mandatory for team 
mernbera. NSSA Black', Beach open Saturday. Location: HSS 
2150. 

6:30 pm - ASUCSD Council Meeting: Location: Third CoJIege 
ConI. Rm. 126 'l". 

Room/Student Cenler 10:00 am • .- - Drop-in Hour. for PhYlical and Engineeri,.. 
Sciencea majora are available to help you with your career and jol> • 4:00 pm - Open Houri held in the Career PlannilllJ & 

8:00 pm - Reaidence Hall Board meeting. Location: Upper 
Outback (Warren Dorms) 

hunting concernl. Come by al any time convenient to you. 6205 Center for Humanities and Social Science. majors. No 
Urey Hall. a i"t".,.,nts neceuary however, il il adviaable to arrive early in the 
1:00 • 2:00 pm _ Open Hour. hekl in the Career Planning & On some day, no Open houri wiD be held, 10 pleaae caD 452· 
Placemenl Cenler lor Humanitiel and SociaJ Sciences majors. No 10 confirm. Studenl Center, Bldg. B. llJE.SDAY 

THURSDAY 
10:00 am· 4:00 pm - DARK STAR it auditioning for perla in 
our SF short. II you're 25-65 and can act, we're inlerealed. ~I you 
are, caU 453-4688 to receive a acript lragmenl 10lJlf'llctice with. appointment. neceaary however, it ia adviaable to arrive early in th, ·5:00 pm - Study ,kiDs for Science. Ouia Third Place. 4:00 pm - Warren ColIege Media, Art. & Promotion. Board Meeting. Location: 405 Warren College. hour. On lOme daYI no Open hOUri wiD be heId,lO pleaae caD 45Z 

375Q 10 confirm. Holiday achedule. Student Cenler, Bldg. B. 
1:00 - 3:00 pm - Drop-in HoUrI for Phyaical and Engineering 

Revelle Informal Lounge. . . 
5:00 pm - Warren Commuter Board meeting. All intereated 
siudent. welcome! Localion: Warren Collece 405 .• 

Sciencea majors are available 10 help you with your career and jol> am _ noon _ Open Hours held in the Career Planning & 
hunting concern •. Come by at any time convenient to you .. 4422 Center lor Humanities and Social Sciences major •. No 

4:30 pm - Reg fee Committee Meeting. The OASIS budget wiD 
be diacuued. Location: Student Allain Conference Room BuilclilllJ 
B. 
6:30 pm - Outing Club Meeting - ita your lui chance before 
spring break! Location: Rec Gym Coni Rm. 

7:00 pm - DARK STAR meet.! Yea, UCSD'. Science-F'1dion 
Cub meet.a every Thuradat. We talk about filma. boob and 
convenlionai we are alao making an Sf short. II you like SF. or 
making movift, or just talking, be there! Re\'elle Informal LoUlllJe. 

Mayer Hall .,ilntmenll neceuary however, it i. adviaable 10 arrive early in the 
4:30 pm - Black Campu. Forum, Location: Third College On aorne day. no Open hours wiD be hekI, 10 paae caD 452· 
Provoll'. Conference Room 126. to confirm. Holiday achedule. Studenla Center, Bldg. B. 

Re 
MONDAY 
12:00 noon - Bible .tudy. Student Center Lounge. upatairs. 

11:00 - Catholic, Proteatant and Jewiah (ampu' chaplain. of 
Office of Religioua Allaill meet al the Inlormal Lounge, Revellt 
College. 
12:00 noon - "Portraits of Faith." Qiacuuion on Nietzache led by 
David Lull 01 the Hillory Dept. Revelle Informal Lounge. 

un - Catholic rnall al Univeraily Lutheran Church. 
am - L..theran Service 01 the Word lor Lent with aermon by 
Huber and mUlic by the choir, al Univeraity L..theran 
9595 La Jolla Shores Dr., next to UCSD. 

am - Catholic rna .. al Univer.ily Lutheran Church. 
- Epiacopal Euchariata, Univeraily Lutheran Church, 

La JoUa Shorea Drive. 
pm - Catholic rna .. at Universily Luiheran Church. 

Entertainment 
WEDNESDAY 
4:00 pm - UCSD New Poetry Sene. reading, featuring Raymond 
Federinan. Location: Revelle Formal Lounge. 

I 
FRIDAY 
7:00 pm - Film: "Stale 01 Siege." "2" director Co.ta Gaura, 
lu.penae thriller baaed on the kidnapping 01 CiA agenl Dan Mitrione 
by the Tupamaroe, Uruguay'. urban guerrillaanny. Localion: TLH 
107, admiaaion free. 

WEDNESDA Y THRU SA lURDAY 
8:00 pm - The Riool. by Richard Bri~ Sheridan. directed by 
Waller Schoen. The Riool. i. a delightful 18th century comedy 01 
mistaken identities and romantic loUy thai feature ,och lJlCC1OOI'abie 
characle .. a. the lovely Lydia Langui.h, the magnilicient Mrs. 
Malaprop and the astoni hing Anthony Absolule. It tell. the story of 
the trials and tri~lation, of Iwo pair. of young lovers who triumph 
over outrag~~rents, jealousy and romantic rivalry. UCSD 
Theatre, Warre Campus. AdmiNion: $2.50 students, 54.00 
general admi I n. CaU 452·4574 for tlckell and irilormation. 

3:00 pm - LDSSA Old Teatamenl cla ... Location: LD I~=================~~-=====================;:L=================::;::::;:::=~ lnatitutute IICfOII the .\reel from Muir campUi. 
7:00 pm - Take a study break and come to ihe School 01 Christian 
Studiea thiI week! By Campua Cruaade lor Chris!, aerving the 
.piritual needa 01 UCSD student •. Location: HSS 1330. 
7 :30 pm - Color aliefe hiatory ., Univeraity Lutheran Church, in 
the lounge 01 Univeraity L..theran Church, acroll the .treel from 
Revelle College. 
9:00 pm - Bible study. Univeraity Lutheran Church. 

7:30 pm - Covenanl Committee (Catholic, Epiacopal 
Lutheran) at Univeraity Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Dr., next to UCSD. 

3:00 pm - LDSSA Old T .tamenl CIau. Location: IDS lnatiIute 
acroea the alre.t from Muir Catftpua. 

SAruRDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic ..... at Univertify Lutheran Church. 

CAREER PLANNING & PLACEMENT'S 0--- 8r even 5 
cu.. ----------------------------------~ 

Real Estate Sales: Salary by commission; real estate license 
required; degree helpful , but not nece~sary (6882). 

> Sales Representative: $ZOO-4(X)/ wk; degree helplful, but nm 
necessary. Must have sales experience and knowledge of auto 
parts (6881). 

Equipment Production Engineer: $13,00-15,900/ yr, BSEE or 
AA/ EE electronics or equivalent experience. 

I 

~Q .. _IJIJ ...... MNOUNCB.m-------------, 
TOUR TO KIRKLAND AIR fORCE BASE ' 

..... -

This is a sampling of opportunities.listed with areer Planning 
&. Placement a of last Wednesday morning. Visit us at the 
Student Center, Bldg. B. WE-ARE HI;RE TO HELP! 

M1r.m. 
Tutor: $15/ hr; 2 or 3 times a week, hours TBA (1951 ). 
Car Valet: $4/ hr plus tips; M-F/ ll ·3 pm (1949), 
Tennis Instructor: Salar y open; hrs and days TBA (1937). 
Gl'8phics Artist: $4-5/ hr DOE; hrs and d~ys TBA (1911 ). 
Security Officer: $3. 15-3. 751hr. Evenings after" pm (18z'5). 
Teacher's Assistant: $3.65/ hr. M-F, 10·15 hrs/ wk . Schecule 

TEA (l910). , . 
Seniors and Juniors in Engineering and Physical Sciences fir. in a 
T -43, Boeing 737 to Kirkland Air Force Base as a guest of the 
Air Force for 8 tour of the base. A trip you won't want to miss. 
We will depart from Miramar NAS on Sunday, April 20, 1980 ' 
at 3:00 pm and return to San Oiqo at 6:00 pm on Monday, 
April 21. SpKC is limited - 80 rawrYe your seat now!! MUit be 

I Mortgage Ba4king: $8DO/moi FT summer, 12 w~ks; any . business major. (Z-3908). . . 
US citizen. For details, pleue sign up in the Career Planninl &. 
Placement office before Tuesday, March 4, to guarantee a 
re.ervation. . 

Recruiter from Emorj Vnlwnu, Sc'1.co1 of NtmI,,~, on campus 
Th",nday, March 13, 2:00 to 3:00 pm in the.<Jame Conkfmce 
Room in the Student Center. • 

" 

r~IUU~,",.M IN AGRlBUSINESSS: 
AlthoUgh .. Winter ~rter On Campus Recruiting officially 
ends this w~k, we will have a special visit from t~ University 
of Santa Clara,lnstitute of Agribuainclls. There will be here in a 
"drop-in" bull Tuesday, March 18,1980 from 9:00 to 12:00 
and 1:00 to l:30. All ~jorl are eligible for this unique 
PfOll'am. 

\. 



... 

8 ' The Daily Guardian Monday, March 10, 1980 

Cinderalla MP's Clieck Floor Hockey Reign . 
Manchester Puckhandlers Meet 
Upsetting Threat From Unexpected 
Direction in 1M Sport Final 

BYTlMUOlTA 
Sp.rb fAIIW 

hand them the 1M crown. 
Except the Mother Puckerl. 

Every eport Iuu a team 
which lurU in the Ihadow. 01 
oo.curity, content with their 
own victorie.. 111e1e teams 
just ait back and wait for their 
tum to come, and when it 
doe., they make the mOlt of it. 

The Mother Pucker I were 
also undefeated in their league 
thil quarter, outscoring their 
comp,etition, 31·9. But 
nobody seemed to give them 
much of a lhot at the 1M 
Stanley Cup. They knew their 
talents and had lCouted their 
playoff rival. thoroughly . 
When the playoffl began lalt 
Wednesday night, they were 
ready. 

Throughout the quarter the 
. Men'I AAA Roor hockey Iuu 
focused its attention on two 
teama, the Stickhancllerl and 
the Sons of Scarafoni. The 
Stickhandler. cruised through 
their five.game .ealon, 
OUIJICOIMII their opposition 64· 

The Mother Puckers, 
defeated, 3'(), the Sons of 
Scarafoni, who have failed to 
~ve up to their preltigious 
name in the opening round of 
AAA'I double elimination 
playoffl. The Stickhandlel'l 
breezed by the Zingerl that 
night 5· 1. 

edged the Son" 
...... ...,hondv to 

The two winnerlSQuared off 
Thursday night, with 
onlookers toutin g the ' 
Stickhandlers as odds·on 
favoritel. 

"We came into the game 
expecting a def~nsive battle, " 
said Pucker defenseman AI 
Jackman. " It jUlt didn't tum 
out that way." 

Instead, the Mother 
Puckers thrashed the 
Stickhandlers, 13·2. Every. 
thing they touched turned tv 

in Sports _. 
I)., 

---." .:! .. -r.:-' 12:30,.. 
.... _ ft. ...,. 1 pat. 

I=.::r:~ CIII T_ ••• " 3 pm. ft. SDSU, ......... pm. 
'. ~ ... l8IU ....... 7:30 pm. 

W_I '11 W ft. usw, ... SuIa F., 12:30 pili. 
......... ,. 

- Col ~ Unive..,. Toney Pinet, 12:30 pm. 
- 17' i Jbft ..... S. DiI8D MeN, ..... , 4 ..... 
- w. .. ', Swim AaW ,...... ~ 

........ s.t.). " 
~ 

- c.I"..,Poiat LoawC,I.p, ~!T.' 12:30 pm. 
- ·.T ....... w........... , .... 2piJa. 
- ~ ..... ".a.r._ ........ .... 
- • • , ....... au Nua ........ away. 7:30 ... 

p--------------------------, I I 
! c· ~ff1~~~~J ! $12 on your first donation, I 

You can donate twice per weeki : 

I 

Your blood plasma is vitally needed for the 
manufacture cllife..soving medications. 

This is a rore opportunity to do something good and 
get paid fO( It, too! 

Visit one of these thr .. locations: 

west Mar Ocean leach 
PlalmaCn_ 

4878 Newport Ave, 
224-2794 

W8ltMarEIC*" 
Plasma C._ 
110 S, Magnolia 

442·9671 

Southwelt 8101oglc1 
Plasma Cent_ 
DowntOlNl"l S.D, 
630 Columbia 

..... ________ 233-6553 __ ~--.... 

I 

~------------------.-------~ 

gold, and they outplayed the 
Stickhandlers in every 
category, making them look 
like much leu of a hockey 
team than they really are. 

The firlt period saw the 
team. each tally once, by 
Andy Lockhard of the 
Puckers and Robert Akaahi 
for the Stickhandlers . 
Jackman's defensive battle 
lasted for only one period. 

The Mother Puckers 
stormed Stickhandlers goalie 
Rick Muller through the entire 
lecond period, puching 
Pucker tallies by him. Team 
captain Ben Sweet and Jon 
Gold scored before Lock· 
hard'. third goal of the night, 
which sent Lockhard and 
Jackman dancing across the 
'gym Roor. 

The Mother Puckers 

bombed the Stick handlers for 
eight more goals in the final 
period. with Lockhard totaling 
six for the game and Jon Gold 
adding four of his own. 

The Stickhandlers win face 
the winner of the Sons of 
Scarafoni and Zinger match to 
see who wiD have the final 
crack at the Mother Puckers 
for the title. 

c;-,.,f ..... p/toIo by Ken Kr_ 
Bert Royden. UCSD'. fifth lingles player, retums a backhand during Saturday'. Triton 10 .. to 

Claremont.Harvey Mudd. 

Triton ness of the team. "We just weren't mentally tough. 6rst of all, there's been a lot of rain 
lateJy. Second, we usually play 
good teams, ones that are 
better than us . It's hard to 

know how to win when that 
happens." 

The loss drops the Tritons 
record to 2· 10 in dual meet 
competition. 

Continued from page 5 UCSD 4 Claremonl.Haroey.Mudd Col/egl' 5 
Ilcnmle.: next five games. Their break 

carried over into the second 
let, and the victory posed no 
problem after a momentum 
was establilhed. 

Mebch and Shaka and UCSD 64, 6·7, 6-4 
ROIIenberg Werner 
Overstreet Mullen and CHM 64, 3-6, 1·6 
and Wood Poorman 

The second doubles team 
didn't do as well. Rick 
Overstreet and Peter Wood 
were ov,erwhelmed by a 
talented opposition duo, and 
wound up losing 6-4, 3.6, 1·6. 

Magid and Konya and UCSD 7·5, 6·2 
Gee Taylor 

Second seed Rosenberg 
explained the match lou by 
the lack of mental prepared. 

Attention 

Single.: 
Mebch 
Rotenberg 
Gee 

PhiIi~ 
Royden 
Magid 

All Muir Students 
. - Elections aTe Coming! 

Shaka 
Poorman 
Mullen 
Werner 
Taylor 
Alee 

~::::::::::::::::~=.=.: nrnent .1 .... t Govet . StuUe •• 
, ed. in MUlt \ 

Get invOlV ne1tt yeat • 

Paid, dected and appointed positiQn5 are available! 
OPEN POSiTIONS NOW A VAlLABLE: 

01. Muir needs an A.S. representative for Spring 
Quarter! Don't miss this opportunity-act quickly! 

02. Thi Recreational Center Board needs a member 
from Muir Immediately! 

All those interested should pick up an 
application in M.O.M. For further info. call 

Carol at 452..0453. 

UCSD 6-2, 5·7, 64 
CHM 6.1 , 7·5 
UCSD 4.6, 6.3, 6-4 
CHM 4.6, 6-3, 6·2 
CHM 64,64 
CHM 6.1, 7.6 

womancare 

a fernlnlst 
WOtnen', 

,health center' 

- Self-help 
-Wellwoman 
- Pregnancy 

ICreenlng 
- abortion 

up to 16 weeks 
_ birth control 
_ childbirth 

3616 4th Aven. 
San Diego, CA 

92103 
or call: 29 ... 312 

Monday, March 10,1980 The Dally Guardi~ • 9 

·Johnson's 'Fanshen' Overdoes Alienation , , 
Actors Separated From Characters 

By Nancy Schwinn 
The production of Fanshen , 
dir~ted by Robert S. Johnson, 
presented a humanistic view of 
the Chinese revolution and the 
years that followed . 

The play, written by David 
Hare, exposes the peasants 
and their struggle for equality 

between 1945 and 1949. The 
main theme is the drastic 
changeover that takes place 
during those years. The plar. 
doesn't end there: life doesn t 
stop. Some of the characters 
represented in the play are still 
alive today. Through 
education and numerous 

Too Much 
village meetings the peasants 
abolish the caste system and 
become a c omm unist 
community. Many risks were 
taken, many mistakes were 
made and stiD the struggle 
went on. The peasants of Long 
Bow Village were dedicated to 
'Fanahen.' or to make a 

turnover. 
The acting deterred from 

the overall production. While 
some was believable, much of 
it was not . Kevil"! Bash, 

The Dail ,\" Gllal'dian 

Arts 

of place. Although they are 
accomplished adors, they 
looked like Americans trying 
to be Chinese. This could have 
been corrected by more 
thoughtful casting, 

The relt of the cast 
transcended thi. limitatiOn. 
Kip Baker, Jeanne Paulsen, 
Lisa Wolpe and Elizabeth 
Rou were excellent, the latter 

Richard Ig lew ski and two outstanding. 

Flute and 
Lawrence Paulsen seemed out . Please IU j 10 page 10 
Piano Anchor \-- . 

Chico Freeman. 

Jazz Show at the Backdoor 
The Chico Freeman 

Quartet and solo pianilt 
Andrew HiD will playa very 
lpecial jazz concert tonijht at 
8 pm only at the SDSU 
Backdoor, located in the 
Aztec Center. Flutilt Freeman 
has been delCribed by jazz 
critic Nat Hentoff as " ... a 
player who never coasts. He 
gives' everything he has , 

' l'evealing new dimension. 
each time you hear him. 
Joyous yet 'capable of deep 
blues, Chico'. music hal 
always had a sense of 
wonderment at the unfatho· 
mabie pouibilities of music." 
Playing with Freeman will be 
Jay Hoggard on vibes, Buster 
Wilfiams on bass, and Billy 
Hart on dn.uns. Opening the 
concert wiD be Andrew Hill , a 
pianisl.composer whom 
Leonard Feather has called 
.. .. . one of the most articulate 
and adventwQ,Us muaicians of 

our time." Tickets are $7.50 
for general adrniuion, and are 
available at all Select·A·Seat 
outlets and the Aztec ·Center 
Box Office. CaU 265·694 7 for 
more information. 

, .-

Local 'poet. Tom Manhall 

Around 
Town 

and Steve Klingaman wiD 
read from their works tonight 
at DC Wills Bookstore, 7527 
La Jolla Blvd. near Pearl 
Street, at 7:30 pm. The 
reading is free to the public. 
456. 1800. 

The Rival., a comedy of 
manners set in 18th century 
England, plays through March 
12. 15 in the UCSQ Theatre, 
Warren Campus at 8 pm. 

General admission is $4, and 
tickets are available at the 
Theatre box office. 452· 
4574. l".. 

Oarinetist 1 em T unni· 
cliff, one of the moat gifted 
UCSD .tudents graduating 
thil year, wiD present it recital, 
accompanied by piani.t • 
William Hays and vio6ni.t 
Candy Sanderson, Tuesday at 
8 pm in the Mandeville Recital 
Hall. The concert is free to the 
public. 452·3229. 

... 

Lyric tenor Paul SpeIT)', 
master of a dozen language. 
and a. many different musical 
idioms, will sing and lecture 
Wednesday at 8 pm, in the 
MandeviDe Recital Hall. The 
program il free and open to the 
public. 452·3229. 

----

p---~---------I 
• 
• !ASSORTED 
I 

: VINYL 
., 

UCSO', New Record 
a Tape Co-op 

I, hOlding a ' 

RECORD BUY BACK • • I 
• 
• 

_Come In at~ .. "mea to tell your record,: _: 
• March 13, ThuNday March 20, Thursday ,. 
• 5t07pm 12 to 3 pm, 6 to a pm 
• 

• 
I 

• March 14, Fttday Mc:Rh 21, FItday • 
• 4106 pm 12 to 3 pm, 6 to a p!" • 
• • 
• • 
• ~ 19, Wednelday • 
• • I ' 4to6pm • I 

I 
• 
• AIIorIId Vinyl II holding thI, record buy- I I back cMIng .. tenth week 01 cia •••• and • final. WMk 10 build up our collection. We- I 

wlH pay $1 to $2 lor uaed Ip', Iri good • • concltlon. • I 
For moM 1Il10. call x27U. • I 

-----------------------

---~ 

MAGIC RAZOR 
HAIR DESIGN 

La Jolla 
Village Square 

5 minutes from UCSD - 2 bloc1cs south of the V A Hospital. 
Guys 0- Gals-how would you li1ce to waJce up 
in the mOTTling and Tun your brush through 
your hair and have it all fall into place1lf you 
haven 't experienced this yet, come on in and try 
one of our pruision hairstyles. We have ten 

- stylists to serve you. 

'Open: Mon, Thurs, Fri 10 am-9 pm 
Tues, Wed, Sat 10 am-6 pm 

Sun 12 noon-5 pm 

~--------~-------------------~ Students, Faculty, Staff: 
with this coupon 

$2.50 off any hairstyle 
plus a FREE bottle of our 

ph balanced shampoo or conditioner 
(a $2.50 value) 

1'0% off on additional services 
I 

olleT good ,thru MaTch 31, 1980 

----------~-------------------, call fOT appointment 
,455-1700 



10 The Dally Guardian 

Not Ju~t a Wom·an's Play 
,. 

'Getting Out' Tells of Escape From Life of Hate 
lilt J, BER£SFORD.HOWE 

Cdi"ll Out is a play that 
.requirel an exquilite IeMe of 

her foul lines and won't 
cooperate in anything except 
her own destruction , but she 
doesn't seem to have the role's 
conviction that she can count 
on everyone to treat her with 
no kindness. She doesn't have 
the raw hate that allows Cash 
to d emonstrate penonal 
growth. 

And that throws the natural 
development of the playoff. 

Monday, March 10, 1980 

adequate to very good, the 
show continues the Rep's 
admirable policy of bringing 
new work to usually lethargic 
theatre audiences here . 

••• 

Getting Out is part of a new 
s urge of plays wr i tten 
primarily with female roles in 
mind. 

• "CdlnlnUnication between its 
two leads, "Arlie," a young, 
hateful woman on the Itreets 
and in prilon, and II Arlene," . 
Arlie just after .he'l been 
released from the prilOl'l where 
the was tent for kiling a taxi 

Diea'o Repertory Theatre'l 
current run of Getting Out 
miss that communication by 
jUlt enough' to be noticeable 
but not by enough to leriously 
mar an excellent Rep 
production. 

Cash is . bri~nt as ~rlene, .f 

tOugh, poor,a combative 
woman trying to lea ve behind 
her violent, drug-ridden former 
life of prostitution and child 
abuae. 

But Moore millel her 
alligned role as a self-
loathing young girl . ~e spits 

Still, Moore carries it well 
enough to keep the play 
moving, and with an excellent 

.performance by Cash and the 
rest of the cast ranging from 

Where once plays about 
oppression, either personal or 
societal , frequently used black 
c harac te rs, then briefly 
Chicanos, new playwrights are 
often communicating their 

Pfea,e /urn to page 12 

'Fanshen's: Antericans Playing Chine$e • driver. Marsha Norman', dramatic 
device 01 keeping the two on 
It .. tocether allow' Arlie to 
p8rticipale in Arlene', fint few 
day, out of prilOn, her 

• adjUitmenta -to lOCiety and 
anemone, of what ahe i, trying 
to leave behind. 

The acton playiag Arlene 
and . Arlie mUit maintain a 
..n.e '" each otherj Arlene'. 
temperatmenl must resemble 

. Arlie'" but she , tiD hat to 
evidence growth from 
dependence to aensitivity. 

Darla Cash a. Arlene and 
~at Moore CUI Arlie in the San 

Continued from page 9 
p~ of the problem was the acting 

technique employed by the director. 
Robert Johnson tried to pre lent this 
powerful epic with the use "'"Brechtian" 
techniques. Brecht was a playwright/di-
rector as well as a theorist, who 
incorporated the "verfrendung effekt" or 
more simply, the alienation effect, the 
purpose 01 which is to separate the actor 
from the character so that he may pasl 
lome kind of judgement on what is 
happening. . This technique is quite 
effective in political and didactic theatre 
and proved successful in the opening 
scene and the narrative of Fanshen. 

·The problem arose when the alienation 
effect was incorporated into further 
,cenel. The ability of the audience to have 
compassion for and identify with the 
characters was inhibited and the rhythm 
broken. The author's creation 01 the 
characters was intended to be more 
profound than they were projected in thia 
pr.oduction. 

The language of the play was sharp, 
strong and extremely poetic. David Hare 
creates powerful visual images through 
his use of words. He expresses a raw 
limplicity that matches the lifestyle of the· 
Chinese peasants. 

Both the scenic and costume designs 

complimented the text weD. Debra 
Garcia's set was siQlplistic, done with 
Itraw floors and a wooden platform wNch 
were connected together with three large; 
stairs. The steps added a three 
dimensionality which the pla,y required. It 
also provided for more interesting 
movement onatage. The costume 
designer, Sally Thomas also captured the 
spirit of the piece. The actON wore padded 
blue jacketl with head scarves. Thil use of 
common dress portrayed the villagers' 
struggle for equality and stressed the lack 
of individuality that a communistic 
government brings. 

Please tum to page 12 

'. 

rl'llI~ 
I~EST( 

TIIJ~ 

2 
All Marine officers are 'infantry'~:"right? 
Wrong .•. only this relative percen~age,' 
The rest are: . . 
. , 

. . 

Pilots 

" .. 

.\:-;:-;t ',\1. 
XI"",,· Y{)HI\. 
ERO'rIC 

Fn~I 
~"I~srrl VAI.~ 

More popullr ..... 1M IIrItl 
. , 

''''"''.'~'''''\\'''.' 
...... -.. -.............. 

Flight officers 
Air controllers 
Lawyers 
Data processing officers 
Supply otficers 
Communi~ation officers 
Artillery officers 
Engineers 
Tracked vehicle officers 
l':lteiligenpe officers 
Motor transport officers 
Electronic lNOIfore otncers 
Public affairs officers 
Financial managers 

. .• 

USl2722 
SUI 

7,9111 pm 

'' ___ 1lII0I'_" II¥ tile uao IIO~IIW"'. CIub,· ___ • 

Prof$SSlonal opportunities you didn't 
'even lCnow existed. Ask about 'PLC~ . 
.Marlne 9fflcer programs - 293~?3. 

• 

THE RIVALS 
by RicharJ Brinsley SheriJan 

directed hy Walter Schoen. 

A Comedy of Romantic Folly Ft.'lI turinlol:~ 
***Mistak.en Identitits*** ***OutrajCed p. ren~::* I 

**·Brill iant W it· ·· . "** '~Ious Ri airy"" 
'---------** *T~nder I'assi;,n ..... -------I 

March .12, 13. 14, 15 ... . . . 8 :00 pm, UCSD Theatre 
Students $2. 50 ~nerRI Admi ion $4.00 

Phone: 452·4574 for tickets and mfvrmation 

OASIS 
SECOND 
STORY 

"GRAMMAR 
MOSES 

is waiting for your call ... 

~~452.-2284 

2 pm to 4 pm 
Mon,Fri 

ASK 
GRAMMAR 
MOSES 
A GRAMMAR 
QUES110N 

GRAMMAR HOTLINE 
O ffice of Academic Support &. Instructional Servia. 

_toefl ,W .-<Wil 
It" UI, tf'''' nil 

EUtOI'fAN TtAlNED SrtUSTS 
TO CIltATE.VOURINOMOUAi.1MAGE 

SharnPQo/Condmoner a CUt 
1--$16-.... 

566-7530 
NORTH GATE P1Al~ 

8660 MIP.A~~R RD . SUITE t. 
SAN DIEGO. CA 92126 

Open, .. nI .... Moft4aI 

Monday, March 10, 1980 

Classifieds 
announcements 
NEW YORK EROTIC FILM FESTIVAL 
Tuesday. March II , USB 2722. $1 .75 
shows: 7:00, 9:00, 11 :00 (3 / 11) 
Warren Sludents. There is an opening 
for AS Rep. Apply now at Provost 
Office. Deadline Tues. 4:00 3-11 -80. 
(3 /1.1) 
LOVE STINKS. If you think so. write in 
100 words or less your story. You 
could be one of 3 contest winners fora 
pair of tickets and backstage passes 
to the March 19th. J. Gells concert. 
Judging based on creativity and 
originality. Send entries to: KSOT 
UCSO ~-015 La Jolla, CA 92093. 

Univer~81 Life Church is self· 
Acl ualization is opposed to the draft 
and war. To receive a conscientious 
objectOf/membersh ip card send 
$1 .00 donation to: 2405 Cloy Ave., 
Venice CA 90291. (3/11) 
Research Project that needs money? 
Workshops are 3111 , 4/1 and 4/ 3. 
Call SCUR I. 452-3917. (3/14) 
Come see SCURI for grant Info for 
next quarter. 452-3917. (3/12) 
Bring BUCK HENRY to MUi r 
Graduation. teli the Provost. Muir 
College Council and Graduation 
Committee. (3/12) 

for sale 
Open reel tape deck-Aka I GX-230 D 
"Best Buy" rating, 1 yr old. ex. condo 
Must sell to help pay fees. any 
reasonable offer considered. Ph. 452-
9665 (3/11) 
For sale: Penta x spotmeter V $180.00 
465-3561 (3/1 1) 

DISCOUNT STATIONERY AND 
CUTLERY SUPPLIES: Scissors , 
Sharpeners, Staplers, and Knive sets. 
Call Neil, 455-0076. (3/11) 
Stereo - exc. conditiQn 2 speakers. 
receiver. turntable. $200 musl sell -
I'm moving back east. Great dea1l481 -
7981. (3/12) 
GRATEFUL DEAD HEADS: 16' )( 20' 
color prints of the Dead live Call 453-
1294. (3/11) 
For sale: 2 dark Brown Vinyl tufted 
couches. 5200 for pair. 755-551 O. 
(2 / 10) 
Must sell! '71 Plymouth Duster, Very 
dependable. pwr. steering, cassette 
stereo. 5800. Bob 566-8743 (3/10) 
Bean Bags new strong comfortable 
linen or vinyl, king size, 455-6448. 
(3/10,12.14) 
OUEEN SIZE BED. mattress and box 
frame, 560; 3-drilwerdresser, $25. Will 
deliver locally, UCSO area. Ed 452-
2787, 455-5912. (3 / 12) 
Three ba rely used polyester cord tires, 
size 560.15. All three for $40. Call 
Karen, 453-3582. (3/13) 

housing 
Own room, Solana Beach Condo, 
$140/ mo, males only. non-smoker, 2 
cars. car pool. call anytime 755-2763. 
(3/ 12) 
Mature, responsible. UCSD female 
grad wants to houses it until May 9. 
452-7207. Try before 8 am oraNer 10 
pm. (3 / 12) 
Female roommate wnated to share 
one bedroom apartment with foreign 
student. Furnished, swimming pool, 1 

Sorrento Valley 
Racquetball & Spa 
.-----2 for 1 !-----. 
: S2.50/hour non prime-time : 
• (regular S2.~ each) 1 
• 6:30-11 am, 1-4 pm. 8-10 pm • 
• UCSD Student wi lD only. • 
1 1 
1- _ -expires 2 April. 1980 - - - • 

10999 Sorrento Valley Road • San DieBo, Cal ifo rnia 

.. cURial pencil fans are 

.. sIIook-..... tIIe PIlI 
"5Iudcer".nd _ ....... . 
Just shake the'Shaker '- out comes a sliding protective 
sleeve then the lead! Want more lead? Shake it ap in! 
Thai's all it takes to advance the lead In this beautiful, 
$5.98 mechanical pencil . And it comes with the 
tamous Pilot 2 year unconditional prantee. 

Then there's our extra strenlllh NEO-X lead. We've proven it·s the 
SlrontIHt IeId in the world. Comes in four diameters and various deirees 

to fit all mechanical pencilS. The 'Shaker" mechanical Pencil and NEO-X lead 
ShIke II or 'dlck 11". It'N come out lUear in the end. 

Cn~!.'!3'-eCOPI. 'O~ ] lIIa·x UAD 
"",. _..... II '. P...uIWlII ,.I't'''ta 

The Daily Guardian 

block from ocean In Pacific Beach. 
$125 / month. Call 273-6103 between 
Band 9 pm, (3/ 14) 
Male to share 3 br. condo near UTC. 
Prefer non-smOking Christian $1 75 
mo. util pd. 292-0365, 452-7538. 
(3 / 11 ) 
Wanted: Female rmmt for Spring qtr. 
condo close to UCSO. w / pOOl. tennis. 
jacuzzi. 5237.50. Or. would like to 
move into similar situation. ~athy. 
453-0516 

Ocean Front Condo Solana Beach: 
pool, jacuzzi, tennis, put beach. Room 
to share $175. Furnished 755-5931. 
(3/ 14) 

personals 
SDRIVING TO DARTMOUTH? My 
moped needs a ride. I will help pay for 
gas $$5. Contact Chris at D-46 
Tenaya Hall or P.O. Sox 6227. (3/12) 
Warren students: There is an opening 
for AS Rep. Apply now at Provost 
Olfice. Deadline Tues 4:00 3-11 -80. 
(3/1 1 ) 
Dear John, le t the buck stop at Muir. 
Senior. (3/ 12) 
Gunnar, hope the 19th is the best one 
yet. But you still can't get drunk 
legally ... -lots of love, Oink 

service. 
Typists: IBM exper / theses / disser / 
term papers /editing. RUSH jobs! 453-
0656. 452-1 488,286-4936,225-1449. 
(6/ 15) 
JENNY 's HOME TYPING-Term 
papers, theses, diss. Days and eves. 
225-1449 (6/7) 

Experienced editor will edit papers. 
theses. manuscripts_ Call 279-0992 or 
453-1259. Ask for Lynn. (3/1 4) 
TYPing-term paPers. reports. Iheses, 
scientific. etc . $1.00 and up per page. 
453-0803. (3/18) 
ImpOSSible paper due too soon? Need 
help Wi th Iyp i ng . grammar . 
organization, library research ing? 
Special prOblems are no problem to 
Academic Assistants. Dissertation 
assista nee, too. 223-5566 (3/ 11) 

wanted 
Two guys need a ride to Colorado and 
back over Spring break very willing to 
share expenses & driving. Call Monte 
453-1294. (3/13) 
I nned a ride to .Utah during spring 
break. Happy 10 share expenses and 
driving. Please call Marion at 436· 
5128, evenings. (3 / 12) 
EXCITING NEW MEXICAN RESTAU-
RANT IN DOWNTOWN AREA NEEDS 
COOKS. BUSBOYS. AND HOSTESS- -
ES. See Eric Mon·Fri. between 12 and 
3 pm. 6738 La Jolla Blvd. La Jolla . No 
phone calls please. (3/10) 

lost & found 
Lost: white woman's jacket in HL 11511 
Fri 2/29. Call Mindy 455-5679. (3/12) 
Lost: Gold necklace with a gold Greek 
COin on it. Lost north of Warren fields 
reward 453-7487. (3/12) 

travel 
CIEE Student Travel located on the 
secona floor of the student center 
open MWF 9-1 Tu Th 12-3. (3/14) 

11 

Inflation 
('''Illirtlw<i fmm ""!I(' ? 
economist who said rampant 
inflation could undermine the 
na tion's pol~ system, he 
said , wilh~ elaborating, " I 
agree." 
~ The Vi€w of a number of 

economists is tha t democra-
cy works well only in an 
economy tha t is providing an 
ever-e xpandin g pool of 
wealth . When thi5f l begins to shrink , then s ·n. develop as the pol ical sys tem is hard-pres . to aUocate a reduction in ealth 
among competing groups. .-

The United States is now -
undergoing a process of , 
adjusting to a decline IP 
wealth , in large part because 
of the nation's dependence 
on high.priced foreign oil. 

Patients , 
Continued from page 4 
had le ft the hospital "wouldn't 
ha ve come to light. " 

MOlot pa tients who leave the 
hospital return on their own , 
according to Garcia. He a lso 
suggested tha t the students 
had "over-reac ted " to the 
pa t ie nt a nd t ha t "a n y 
elementary school drop·out 
could 've told them that the guy 
was a bozo. " • 

Can student government make a difference? 
Why not get Involved? 

Balloting will be 
conducted in the fourth 
week of Spring Quarter, 

on April 23 & 24. 

Referenda and 
initiatives are due 
by Monday, April 7 

by 4:00 pm, -

The filing period for 
candidates is Monday, 
March 31 (fir~t y{eek) 

through Monday. Apri 19 

The fi ling period for 
candidates is Monday. 
March 31 (first week) 

through Monday, April 7 
by 4:30 (second week). 

For MOre Information, check 
-with the A.S. OffIces, d450.-

, 



The Daily- Guardian Monday, March 10, 1980 

Bruins Upend DePaul Saltman Will Return 
To the' Classroom .. TEMPE, AR - Guard Rod foster and forward Mike 

Sanden combined for 33 
points a unranked UCLA 
stunned No. 1 DePaul 
yesterday in the second round 
of the NCAA Welt Regional 
basketball tournament. 

In the second game of the 
doubleheader, center Herb 
Wiliams and guard Kelvin 
Ransey teamed for 50 points 
to lead Ohio State over 
Arizona State 89·75. 

The Buckeyes outscored 
Arizona State 14·8 in the fint 
five minutes of the second half 
~ lead 57·46 with 14:58 left. 

Arizona State could get no 
c:Io.er than eight, at 62·54, on 
, Kurt Nimphius layup with 

2:22 left. 
The Buckeyes led by as 

many a 19 during the dosing 
minutes. 

DePaul, which lost jult one 
game during the regular 
seaon, got 23 points from 
Terry Cummings and 19 from 
AU· American Mark ARUirre. 

But that wasn't enough to 
offset the balanced scoring of 

the young Bruins, whQ had 
five player in double figures . 

NCAA Tourney Results 
EAST REGIONAL 
Saturday's Games 

At Greensboro, NC 
Iowa 71, North Caro~na St. 64 
Maryland 86, Tennessee 75 

Sunday's Game$ 
At Providence, RI 

Georgetown 74 lona 71 _ 
Syracuse 87, Villanova 83 

MIDEAST REGIONAL 
SaturdaCl's Games 

At West Lafayette IN 
Purdue 87,J.,St.1ohn's, NY 
Duke 52, t"enn 42 

Sunday's Games 
At Bowling Green KY 

KentuckY 97, Florida St. 78 
Indiana 68, Virginia Tech 59 

MIDWEST REGIONAL 
Saturday's Games 

At Lincoln, N E 
LouisviUe 71, Kansas St. 69, OT 
Missouri 87, Notre Dame 84. OT 

Sunday's Games 
At Denton, TX 

Louisiana St. 98, Alcorn St. 88 
Texas A&M 78, North Carolina 61. 2 OT 

Continued from page 1 
Until that point, Sallman 

was considered a favorite in 
the search, endorsed by the 
UCSD Alumni Association. 

Saltman, who learned of the 
Regents' decision in' Friday's 
newspapers, was "disappoint. 
ed and hurt about not being 
considered a finalist." 

But he said his decision not 

'Getting 
Out' 

to return as a vice chancellor 
was the result of reassessing 
his desire to do academic 
work. 

"It's what I want to do with 
my life, It has nothing to do 
with power or prestige." 

The Regents ' Search 
Committee decision not to 
include him as one of the two 
finalists here marks the second 
time in 13 months that 
Saltman has been considered 
for the highest administrative 
post at a major state university 
campus and has not been 

Continued from page 10 selected for that position. ' 
ideas with women. In a play Last February, he 'las one 
about trying to work out years of the three linalistslor the 
of domination and manipula. U ni ve r si ty of Te xa s 
tion, it makes good sense to presidency, a post that was 
strengthen the argument by given to a longtime UT 
using an unliberated segment administrator. 
of society to make the point. Saltman noted that the veil 

The show is often labeled a of secrecy that has surrounded 
" woman' s play" because the chancellors' search here is 
Arlene rejects becoming not typical of such processes, 
dependent on her former pimp "When I was up for the UT 
and an ingr~tiating but presidency, it was like a 
debasing male prison guard county fair. " He feels tha t 
who has retired from professors, especially , should Americans Play Chinese 

Continued from pag. 10 
The technical elements that 

cicln't seem to work were the 
sound effects. The slapping 
and pounding that represented 
guns and clubs wa not strong 
enough to compare with the 
intensity of the events on stage 
and therefore weakened the 
production. 

Johnson's decision to direct 
Fanshen was courageous. It is 
contemporary, powerful and 

extremely political. Fanshen is 
didactic and Johnson dealt 
with this fact rather than hiding 
it. The play was long and 
examined five years of 
political turmoil in Long Bow 
Village. Johnson did an 
excellent job visualizing the 
plight of the pea5ant farmers 
and succeeded in showing the 
hardships they encountered 
and endured. Above all, he 
communicated the hopeful. 

ness and determination of the 
peasants to strive for change , 

Fanshen is an extraordinary 
choich for a university 
production and is well worth 
the time and money to see. It 
exposes political oppression 
and teaches Westerners about 
people living under a regime of 
which we hav little knowledge. 
Fanshen was as meaningful as 
i! was entertaining. 

oppressing groups of women be concerned with the' quality 
to oppressing Arlene. and attitudes of the next 

Anyone dismissing the play chancellor since they will be 
as such, though, hasn't paid it here longer than students, 
very close attention; it is partly Saltman came to UCSD in 
that , but it is mostly a play 1967 to become P~ovost of 
about what hate can do. Re vell e College and a 

Getting Out is playing at the Professor of Biology. He has 
Rep Thursdays through held the post of vice chancellor 
Sundays at 8 pm through of Academic Affairs since 
AprilS at the Rep's downtown 1972, and served on many 
theatre. Student tickets are national and international 
$2.50, available in advance or editorial boards for scientific 
at the door parking is ple_n_ti_ful_. _Lc;jo-'-u_rn_a_I!I_, ______ _ 

---'HE PEOPLE WHO 
BROUGHT YOU ••• 

Condomania 
Consumer Rip-Offs 
Corporate Control 

Environmental Pollution -----.. 

, Will NOT bring you CaIPIRG-
ONLY YOU CAN! 

__ If you want to support the work of CalPIRG remove your green CalPIRG fee __ 
card from your registration materials and do NOT give it to the cashier. 

. ; 


