
TheDail~ Guardian 
Volume 39, Number 48 University of California, San Diego Thursday, March 13, 1980 

Atkinson New Chancellor · 
BY JEFF BERESFORD-HOWE 

Ne_ Editor 
as National Science Foundation director. 

Neither is considered a serious obstacle by the 
committee members contacted yesterday. The 
committee members said they got their information 
from a . phone call to each committee member 
yesterday from Saxon's office. 

no campus figures or US system administrators were 
ever seriously considered. 

Richard C. Atkinson has been offered the UCSD 
chancellor's post by UC President David Saxon, and 
has_ accepted, two search committee members said 
yesterday. 

Kreps withdrew because of complications caused 
by the attempted suicide of her husband last summer, 
complications which caused her to leave the White 
House, the committee mem~rs said. 4 

Atkinson was unavailable to confirm their rePort, 
and UC President David Saxon, who is responsible 
for making the choice, declined comment. 

If true, that would leave only acceptance by the 
Regents, a pro forma matter, between Atkinson and 
the chancellor's office. 

Atkinson, who beat out University of Chicago 
SociaJ Sciences Dean Robert McC. Adams for the 
job, said he would accept the job under two 
conditions; that the Regents appoint him, and that 
President Carter release him from his responsibilities 

Atkinson could come to campus within the next 
two or three weeks, at least partly to meet with 
student leaders . .AS President Carlos Montalvo said 
yesterday that Atkinson called him yesterday 
morning and told him that "if I'm named chancellor 
and if I accept, I'd like to come out to the campus in 
two or three weeks, after the NSF budget is through 
Congress, and see the campus and meet with you." 

No one aJready in the system was considered, one 
member said, because "we didn't want anyone 
involved in highly controversial decisions at UCSD # 
or in the system. 

"This campus was divided by the 
McfJroy/Salbnan thing, and no one wanted that to 
happen," he said, referring to lalt spring's conflict 
that brought William McFlroy a no confidence vote 
from the Academic Senate and eventually, hil 
resignation. 

Committee members aJso said that former 
Commerce Secretary Juanita Kreps, Atkinson and 

- Admas were the three finalists for the post, and that Please turn 1o page 6 

Alleged Harrasser 
Questioned Released 

Man Blamed in Library Cases 
Caught, But No Complaint Filed 

BY KATHY HUFFER 
A man reported to have 

sexually harrassed women at 
Central Library Monday night 
was apprehended by campus 
police yesterday afternoon 
and released after questioning. 

The man, carrying in a 
briefcase the same clothes he 
had worn thr e nights ago, 
was stopped by a student and 
two campus police officers on 
.the sixth floor of CentraJ after a 
brief scuffle. 

educated person" who took 
class s at UCSD several years 
ago . 

According to Sgt. Bill Mott 
of campus police, the man 
appeared to be in hi early 
30s, has no record of arrest -, 
but was "obviously frighten-
ed" when apprehended in the 
sixth Ooor stairwell. 

The man was. first stopped 
by Warren student Jim 
Osborn, who overpowered the 
man after seeing campus 
police run after him on the 
sixth Ooor. 

Itinerant preacher Jud Smock, who regularly appears here and 
at other college campusel, announces the damnation awaiting 
studenb for such decadent practice. aa rnuturbation. Although it 
was not hil first day this week on campus, the crowdl were the 
largest he'l gathered on his current atint. 

T oday's Weather 
Toda,,'. forecalt calla f« 

temperatures to ranee fram the 
low so. in the eve.u.. to the hiah 
60a in the afternoon. Brealrerl wiD 
be three to four feet and the _ 

Because no formal 
complaint of indecent 
exposure has been lodged by 
witnesses against the man, he 
was released by campus police 
after a half hour of questioning 
and photographs. 

Under the Privacy Act, 
police would not give out the 
man's name, but described 
him as "a p~ofessional, 

Campus police "had to 
battle the man for a good two 
minutes" before handcuffing 
him, Osborn said. "He was 
like a little kid, crying, 'Please 
let me go, please let me go,'" 
according to Osborn. Iemperabn Ihould peak at about 60 ...... 

Please lum to page 6 

The Growth·, of Marcuse's Thought · 
BY BARRY M. KATZ 

The afOuent, assimilated Jewish 
bourgeoisie of pre-World War I central 
Europe has proved to be an aJmost 
predictable source of some of the 
century's most radical political ideas: 
the elder Lukacs mana~ the largest 
bank in Szeged, Walter Benjamin's 
father was a wealthy Berlin.art dealer, 
Horkheimer's was a prosperous 
member of the Stuttgart textile trade, 
and the list goes on. From rather 
modelt beginnings, earl Marcuse (the, 
name, incidentally, il g~alogicaJly 
identical to that of Karl Marx) also 
established himself in the Oourishing 
German textile indU6try, but P.lUdentJy 
transferred his holdings to real estate 
before the war. 

The Marcuse family moved from ' 
Berlin to the fashionable suburb of 
Charlottenburg, and Herbert Marcuse, 
like 10 many of his fubJre colleagues, 
grew up in circumstances which 
enabled him to take for granted the 
material achievementa of industrial 
capitalilm and set hil sithta ellewhere. 

Herbert Marcuse's early education 
&lao foUowed a familiar paltern: the 
humaniltic, civic and religious ideas of 
!he Pruuian and JewUh culturea were 

presented in their "officiaJ" ,form, 
purified of their subversive . or 
transcendental content, only to return 
with vengeance later in his life. Even at 
that time, however, a rebellious instinct 
could be discerned: his rabbi once took 
it upon himself to assure Herbert thalit 
was most unlikely that he would ever 
became a productive member of 
society (not a bad prophecy), and the 
public Gymnasium instruction in the 
German classics was being 
undermined by his early attraction to 
the writers of the French avant-garde 
(especiaJly Gide), the esoteric works of 
Stefan George and his circle, ahd the 
early novels and stories of Thomas and 
especially Heinrich Mann. 

Trades Supper for Books 
When his interests began to outstrip 

the meana of a schoolboy to satisfy 
, them, Herbert neJ(otiated an elaborate 

Iystem of credits with his father, by 
which he would be permitted to forego 
his place at the famjJy's SumptuoUi 
supper table in return for money with 
which to buy books. His one early link 
with the Marxian proletariat: he wal 

indeed driven to work "by the lash of 
hun~er." . 

The war shattered the promises of 
this secure and comfortable Berliner 
Kindheit. Marcuse finished his 
Gymni\sium studies abruptly in 1916 
with the emergency wartime Notabitur 
and was drafted. But now his late-night 
readings of the European avant.garde 
paid off handsomely: he had ruined his 
eyesight and had to sit out his entire 
military service ' in the homeland, 
mostly in Berlin where he managed to 
secure permission to attend lectures at 
the university, while still on active duty. 

In fact, a more "inactive duty" could 
hardly be imagined during the last 
catastrophic years of the war, and here 
the anecdotal becomes decisively 
historicaJ. After his military training in 
Darmstadt, Marcuse was transferred 
to the Luftschiffer Ersatz-Abtei/ung-
loosely, the Zeppelin Reserves-
Itationed outside the city of Potsdam. 
The airships had been virtuaJly 
grounded in the last two years of the 
war, after they had begun to succumb 
to new British air defenses, and the 
military regime of the enlisted men 
here, as in other reserve units stationed 
throughout Germany and in the High 

Seas Fleet permamently moored in 
Kiel and Hamburg, was considerably 
relaxed. The drudgery of endless, 
pointless drilling, the humiliating 
subordination to the excesses of the 
military-feudaJ officers' corps, and the 
obscenely visible parallel between the 
privileges enjoyed by the upper strata 
of the military and the profiteering in 
elite civilian circles were the greatest 
factors in , -catalyzing the wave df 
soldiers' and sailors' revolts which 
swept across Germany from the North 
Sea to Bavaria in the first week of 
November. 191K 

Please turn' Io page 2 

&rry M. Katz, who will attend the 
UCSD Philosphy Department's 
symposium on Herbert Marcuse 
tomorrow and Saturday, is about to 
receive his PhD from the Department 
of History of Consciousness at UC 
Santa Cruz. This es.say, part of Katz' 
forthcoming intellectual biography of 

_Herbert Marcrue, is reprinted with the 
author's permission from the fall, 
1979 issue of The New German 
Critique. Sources for the essay are 
discuasions with Marcrue and his 
published and unpublished works. 



2 'The D&i1y Guardian Thunday, March 13,19io 

Marcuse: Critic of 
Capitalist Way of Life 

" 

His Work Centered on Bourgeoisie Culture, 
Not Modes of Production Underlying It 

Role in German Revolution 
Contirwj1d from fXJIe I 

About • year earlier. MarcUle had 
joined the cOIIIen'ative "M!ljority" wing 
Of the Social Democratic Party. More 
radical option. had exi.ted: the 
oppoIitionai Independent Socialists, .till 
diffuse enCJUlh to acommodate a range 
of poitical and theoretical position. from 
Haase and Ledebour on the Left, 
through Kautlky, to Bernstein -on the 
RiPt, and the 8edg1ing s"ortakusbund 
of Karl Biebknecht and Ro.a 
Luxembwg-but it .houJd not be 
.urpri.ing that Marcu.e'. poli.tical 
initiation WM a gradual one. He had first 
to break with hi. own paM, and 
identifying himself with the worker.' 
party, which his family had disdained 
more out of cia .. Inobbery than for 
political reasons, was a first ltep. He 
paid dues and read Varwmts, but wal 
not anything like a party activilt. 

Still, hi. potitical decision. indicated 
that he was no longer able to see hil 
experience in purely individual terml. 
He engaged increasingly in political 
diacuuion with hi. fellow soldiers, and 
when the sailors' revolt in Kiel added to 
the military defeat and the deteriorating 
conditions in German citiel, signalled 
the onset of the Revolution, Marcuse 
was elected to reprelent the newly-
formed Soldier.' Council in the northern 
working-d... .uburb of Berlin-
Reinickendorf. Although thil had less to 
do with hi. own political sophistication 
than with the potitical naivete of his 
comrades, the fact remains that as a 
IOldier, a socialilt, and an elected 
delegate to the Berlin Soldatenrat, 
Marcuse found himself in the political 
storm·center of the country. 

The German Revolution, or as Max 
Weber put it, "the enormous collapse 
which is customarily called the 
Revolution," was a rather short·lived 
affair for Marcu.e: he attended 
meetings, rallies, and street 
demonstrations (some called by the 
Spartacistl), and as part of the security 
force mobilized to defend agai~st the 
incipient counter-revolution, was 
assigned to .tand with a rifle in the Berlin 

A~xanderplatz and retw:n the fire of 
sru~s. 

He was discharged in September, by 
which time an element of disillusionment 
had already begun to set in. The SPD 
was already discussing naval 
rearmament, and the fatal alliance 
between the ruling socialilts and the 
deposed military command which was 
struck in thOle days was apparent in the 
el~tion of former officers to the 
Reinickendorf and other Councils. 
Liebknecht and Luxemburg were 
~ng its first victim •. 

Quits Social- Democrats 
The abortive Revolution actually 

propelled Marcule out of active political 
life rather than into it. In fact, only one 
episode struck a chord that was really to 
resonate throughout hi. life: in Munich, 
an Independent Sociali.t faction headed 
by the visionary poet and political 
ideali.t Kurt Eisner had .tepped into a 
momentary political vacuum and 
proclaimed a Bavarian Socialist 
Republic . Eisner, who was eulogized 
after his assassination as a "dreamer," 
and at the same time a "tireless student 
of reality," attracted a highly suspect 
foUowing of young poets, philosopher., 
arti.a&,and litterateur. whose attern ...... 
transform revolutionary politics into an 

ethic and an aesthetic ended in murder, 
pri.on, and ridicule. Marcuse 
neveTthelell regarded the Bavarian 
Sociali.t Republic with admiration, and 
linked the episode directly with the most 
progres.ive of the tendencies he saw 
during the May·June events of Paris, a 
half<entury later. 

Marcuae had by this time grown quite 
radical in his questioning of the social 
and cultural foundations of bourgeois 
society, but was Ie .. certain of how this . 
was to be translated into political action. 
By March, 1919, when the final, 
desperate rising of the opposition left 
1 ,200 dead in the .treets of Berlin, he 
had already quit the Party in disgust. He 
now allowed the question of political 
practice to lapse and prepared to resume 
his studies, enrolting for two years at the 
Hwnboldt Universily in Berlin, and 
then, when it proved too politically and 
intellectually confining, tran.ferred to . 
the Albert.Ludwigs University in 
Freiburg. 

Realistic and Subjectivistic 
From the beginning, his first love was 
modern European literature, and it was 
within this faculty that he prepared his 
doctoral dissertation on the German 
Kunsderroman, focusing on the possible 
accommodation between the arti.tic 
existence and the mundane life-forms of 
the s~oundillg world. Drawing ~ 
the early (pre-Marxi.t) ~terarY .tudie' of 
Lukac. and, above all, the Aesthetics of 
Hegel, Marcuse i]lterpreted the . 
existence of this aualilm as both a 
symptom of a reality estranged from its 
own potentialitie. and a cohcrete 

• I 

.. . 

.,' 

< ' 

anticipation of the negation and L.. ____________________________ --" 
transcendence of this estrangement. what they thought was the mlssmg may be judged, and could serve as a 

The very alienation of the artist from dimension of Marxism. Thus, he left regulative idea to guide the political 
an artlell world-from Werther to Ber6n again in 1928 to work with action that would radically transform it. 
Tonio Kroger-guaranteed a refuge of Heidegger. His writings were admittedly 
transcendent ideals against a hostile and beginning to take on a somewhat 
deficient reality, and in the detailed Driven Out by Nazis metaphysical cast when, just as he was 
textual studies which make up the body completing his Habilitationschrift in 
of the dissertation, Marcuse identified The year in which Marcuse returned 1932, the radical ontology that he had 
two literary tactics for grappling with the to Freiburg to study with Heidegger was been looking for in Heidegger turned up 
antagonism of Kunstlertum and one of the most prqmi.ing in the history in Marx. The publication of the 1844 
BU1gerlichkeit: the "realistic" and the of the Weimar Republicj four years Manuscripts revealed that Marx had 
"subjectivistic," the practical and the later, Germany's I first experiment in co'nstructed the critique of political 

~tic transformation of the prosaic democratic rule lay in' ruins, and he 'and economy upon ontological foundations 
reality of everyday ~fe . Although the his family were in exile. T-he German and confirmed Marcuse in his belief t6at 
implicit critique of the "bourgeois way of intellectual milieu reflected the confusion philosophy could indeed provide the 

~fe" is still a long way from an explicit and the uncertainty of the later years of basis for a truly radical theo,y:::of 
critique of the capitalist mode of the Republic: Marxism appeared to revolution_ .: 
production which sustains it, the notion have reached an impasse, as evidenced 
of the aesthetic as a If anscendent by its failure to provide theoretical 
standard of criticism already suggests guidance to German socialism in the 
the course of his later intellectual post·war decade, and on a parallel 
development. cours~ academic phildsophy appeared 

to be equally immobilized. Reflecting the 

Joins Other Leftists at OSS 
To the best of Marcuse's knowledge, 

Heidegger never read the Havilitarlon-
schrift on Hegels Ontologie. However, it 
was read elsewhere. From Frankfurt 
Adorno chided Marcuse "who usually 
held to Heidegger's public dogma with 
the rigor of a disciple," and expeelled 
the wish that Marcule would have 
levered the link with the ontological 
dimension altogether; stiD, he and hi. 
colleagues at the In.titute for ~aI 
Research were interested. Thi. Was 
fortunate becaUle MarcUle'. academic 

Marcuse returned to Berlin in late 
1922, where he began to follow Lukacs' 
~th out of Hegelian literal}'. criticism 10 
Marxist political criticism. The path was 
an indirect one, however, leading him 
through the experimental culture of the 
city, and collaboration in a publi.hing 
venture of his own: Do. Dreieck, a three-
comer~ expreuionisl monthly with a 
diffu.ely leftist .Iant. He lived 
precariously in Charlottenburg in thOle 
year., supporting himself and his wife 
Sophie through his partnership in a 
Berlin Antiquariat, voting communi .. , 
and privately studying Marx, Freud, 
phenomenology, and Gestalt 
psr..chology . 

The publication in 1927 of ' 
Heidegger's Being and -TIme was a 
deci.ive event: Marcuse and hil c1011est 
friend .tudied it together line by line, and 
where other German student. found a 
volki.che ubensphi/osophie, they saw 

disproportionate succeues of the natural 
science. in the preceding half -century, it 
aspired either toward scientific rigor 
(logical empiricism) or engaged in a 
headlong Right from it (uben.philo. 
sophie and certain obscurantist currents 
of neo-ideali.t metaphysics)- with 
elements of the dominant neo-Kantian . 
school. serving both tendencies. 

While .tiIl in Berlin, Marcu.e had ' career was about to end, although it had 
wri~en the first of a series of essays not. yet begun. By 1932 the Habilitation 
which sought to fuse these two most was a uselell formality to himj he was 
promising currents. His outline of a Jewish and a Marxi.t, and the Nazis, 
dialectical p,!K»nomenology-which he with 230 duputies in the Rej'chatag 
caBed the 'Concrete Philosophy"-ha. thousands of SA.men in the streets, and 
been su~ected to . exten.ive anaIy.i~, millions of unemployed voters 
and here It m~y .ufflCe to suglle.t .~t hiS throughout the country, were preparing 
overall prOject was to delimIt a to take over the fate of Germany. 
:'transcendent dime~.~o~ of truth" Heidegger's conduct at this tie Wits 

Im~une. to the. VICI"lt~deS and entirely un~litical, and Marc '. 
variegation. of history; this ex\ernal relations with him remained cardiel· t 
standpoint could provide a critical formal to the end. Heidegger's notorious 
standard against which sodal reality Pfease tum 1o fKJfIe 8 

Thursday. March 13. 1980 

Gacy Slaying Case 
Goes to the Jury 

CHICAGO - If John W . Gacy Jr is excused of the sex· 
related slayings of 33 young men and boys, a prosecutor said 
Wednesday, "then every hit man and every criminal must be 
excused, too." 
. The jury of seven men and five women has the job of deciding 
whether the slayings resulted from the rational calculations of an 
evil man or from the helpless rages of insanity. 

Prosecutors said in closing arguments that while Gacy 
obviously was mentally disturbed, there was ample evidence 
that he planned the killings , knew what he was doing and should 
be convicted. 

"John Gacy learned to kill and kept on killing and he knew he 
was killing," chief prosecutor William Kunkle Jr. told the jury 
yesterday. 

Under Illinois law, a person is not criminally responsible for his 
conduct if, at the time of the crim~, he lacked the substantial 
capacity either to appreciate the criminality of his conduct or the 
ability to conform to requirements of the law. . 

Gacy sat staring at the floor or straight ahead as Kunkle 
spoke. Nearby, in full view of the jurors, was the trap door to the 
crawl space in Gacy's home where the remains of 26 bodies were 
found. 

The summation was so intense Tuesday that parents of 
several victims . all young men and boys - fled the jammed 
courtroom in tears. 

Assistant State's Attorney Terry Sullivan described the 37-
year·old Cacy as a "vile, diabolical, cunning man who must be 
held accountable" for his deeds. 

Defense attorneys, however, insisted the defendant is a Jekyll-
Hyde personality, rational in most of his conduct but seized by 
uncontrollable rages. Thus, they concluded, Gacy was insane 
and should not be held responsible for the killings. 

"John Cacy is truly the personification of Jekyll and Hyde -
no matter what labels have been put on him," said defense 
attorney Sam Amirante. 

r--------------------------, 

C~!'!~~~J $12 on your first donation. 
. . You can donate twice per weeki 

Your blood plasma is vitally needed for the 
manufacture of life-saving medications. 

This is a rore opportunity to do something good and 
get paid fO( it. tool 

---VlsH one of these locations: --..... 

West Mar Ocean Beach 
Pla.ma Center 

4878 NEMIPOrt Ave. 
224-2794 

west Mar EI Caton 
Pla.ma Ceoter 
110 S. Magf)Olio 

442-9671 I · 

l __________________ . _______ ~ 

PASSOVER 
-I9Bo-574~ 

Monday Evening, March 31 
through Tuesday, April 8 

Share Passover Seder 
with a family or small group 

Call: Jewish Campus Centers 
583~080 

The Daily Guardian 
DOONESSURY 

UC Beckons 
NSF Director 

LA JOLLA - For the 
second time in a decade, the 
University of California is 
reported hiring away the 
director of the National 
Science Foundation to head its 
San Diego campus. 

The San Diego Evening 
Tribune quoted an unnamed 
university official as saying 
Or. Richard C. Atkinson "has 
accepted - that's definite." 

The paper said Atkinson, 
50, will succeed Dr. William 
McFJroy as chancellor when 
McFJroy retires June 30. 
Mc FJroy is a former director of 
the National Science 
Foundation. 

Atkinson and McElroy 
were not immediately 
available for comment: 

Reagan Aims 
For Illinois 

LOS ANGELES .-
Ronald Reagan, delighted by 
his victories in the Florida, 
Georgia and Alabama 
primaries, spent yesterday at 
his home relaxing and 
plawling for the March 18 

Illinois primary, aides said. 
Reagan leaves today for 

116noi5, where two recent poll .. 
show Rep. John Anderson, a 
home state favorite, leading 
Reagan by a narrow margin. 

The victories in the 
Republican presidential 
primaries in Florida, Georgia 
and Alabama were "greater 
than anything I'd dared hope 
for ," Reagan told a Beverly 
H ills news conference 
Tuesday night after returns 
from the three Southern states 
made him the clear cut winner. 

Shah to Go 
Under Knife 

PANAMA CITY, Pana-
ma - Doctors and officials 
worked under tight security 
yesterday to prepare a local 
hospital ward for a ' delicate 
.pleen operation on the 
deposed Shah of Iran, medical 
sources said. 

The sources, who asked not 
to be identified, said Paitilla 
Hospital - a private 
Panamanian clinic - was 
declared a security area by 
authorities and all employees 
and medical personnel were 
ordered not to talk about what 
they were doing. 

A New York spokesman for 
the deposed monarch laid 
Shah Mohammad Reza 
Pahlavi's spleen i. inflamed, 
enlarged and probably 
associated with a tumor. 

Prices to 
Rise Again? 

WASHINGTON - us 
businesses could be allowed to 
raise price. significantly more 
this year than last if ~e Carter 
administration increase. its' 
voluntary price guideline in 
lockstep with the wage 
standard, . a government 
document shows. 

In fact, if wages are allowed 
to increase up to 9.5 percent 
this year a. hal been 
proposed, the comparable 
allowable price increase for 
businelles would be 8.5 
percent. Thi. i. nearly 3 
percentage points ahead of 
last year'. price target, 
according to a report released 
yesterday by . the president's 
Council on Wage and Price 
Stability. 

No decision has been made 
on a 1980 price .tandard, said 
council official. who asked not 
to be identified. 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES $150 
Includea complete eye examination Including tonometry. lenses lilting work up 

training. cale kit and lollow up vlalta - complete - no addilional charges 

Beware of the quick eye e~amination and contact lens fit. It may be too quick. The best eye examination and 
contact lens fitting is painstaking. methodical. thorough. and consists of numerous tesls. A minimum 
number of II visits is required to achieve a proper fit. Our office is equipped WIth the most sophisticated. ad-
vanced and computerized instrumentation in the world in order to achieve the best eye examination and 
contact lens litting possible. 
All contact lens filing include a written agreement that allows you to return your contacts and receive a re-
fund at your discretion with a specific period of time. 
I! you 've been thinking about contacts. visit San Diego's most technologically-advanced optometric office 
today. Our large library of lenses allows us to send you home with your new contacts the same day they are 
fitted in most cases, 
Gall today for an appointment , tree consultation or information packet explaining soft. fleXible. hard. toric 
(for correct ion of astigmatism) 50ft . and extended wear (24·hour) c~ ,,:;~c t ~enses 

Dr. D. A. Rorabaugh • ~'lOClat ... 
Optometrllta 

1939 Grand Avenue. Pacific Beach. CA • 272·2211 

MaSlerChalge and lllSA accepleQ 

Work 10-20 hours a week as 
a behavior interpretationalist 

Earn 4-8 units of credit 
through the Academic Internship Program 

PREREQUISITE Anthro 113 - Wildlife 
Research. Offer: Spring Quarter only. Series of 
guest lecturers coordinated by Dr_Shirley Strum, 
including "Breeding Endangered Species in 

Captivity," "Population Genetics," etc . 

For more info, call x4355 or come by 
Building 402, Warren Campus 

. , , 



.. 111. Dally Guardian Thursday, March 13,1980 

Fireflies 'Imported' to LeamAbout Lights· 
Luminescent Larva 'Accidentally' 
Becomes West's First Firefl 

BY PETER MORTENSEN 
Science Ediklr 

1be first firefly to glow west 
of the Rockies emerged from 
ill dirt cocoon last week in a 
biomedical research lab at 
UCSD's School of Medicine. 

Named "Numero Uno" by 
ill "parents," researchers 

The Daily Gllal'diall 

Science 
Marlene Deluca aod Linda 
Strause, the tiny male firefly is 
well into its two-to·lix week 
Iifelpan. But becaule no 
female fireflies have been 
p-opagated at UCSD to date, 
Numero Uno has little chance 
of producing the several 
thouaand offspring typical of 
his species. 

40 to 50 firefly larvae is to 
learn more about what makes 
them bioluminescent. "The 
larvae glow while developing," 
she says, "while the adult 
firefly simply flashes." 

This difference between 
glowing and flashing is caused 
by the production of two 
different biological chemicals 
within the organisms, Deluca 
says. 

Information on the adult's 
chemicals ha. been extensive, 
she says, because of the 
substance's use in human 
heart and kidney disease 
research. aut the constant 
"glowing" chemical has not 
been well researched and "is of 
much interest," Dp.Luca says. 

In fact, Nwnero Uno's birth 
was "an accident." De Luca 
explains that only the larvae of 
the fireRy are neceuary for her 
research on bioIuminelCence 
anet that Nlmero Uno simply 
slipped through the prOCesl. 

'According to De Luca, wife 
of UCSD'I chancellor William 
McElroy, who hal allo 
researched bioluminescence, 
the purpose of propagating the 

Numero Uno was brought 
to UCSD along with 1,300 
larvae collected on a 
Baltimore golf course by 
Strause, a post.<foctoral fellow 
of the oniversity. Strause has 
at.o been responsible for 
gathering miBions of adult 
fireflies for extraction of their 
luminescing material. Dead 
fireflies were collected by 
enterprising children in 
T enneuee and turned over to 
Strause for experimentation. 

'Nunero Uno' i. the fint firefly to emerge from a cocoon welt of the Rockies. 

The larvae at UCSD are 
undergoing a two-year 
development period, and 

because each larvae is at a 
different stage, it is uncertain if 
or when any other adult 
fireflies will be produced. 

Like all the UCSD larvae 
and fireflies, Numero Uno is a 
member of the Photuris 
species, whose females are 
characterized by eatiflJ their 
mate immediately following 

CAmerica~ H~,tages in Tehran?~ 

. What Is the real sfoIy?~ 

See the film that N .B.C. didn't show us! Wh:1 was the public 
denied tJ.e whole tTUth! The public hasn't beCtn allowed to 

know the truth about Iran! 

----sponsored by SDSP and CCSA----.... 

....------TONIGHT!----
March 13, 7 pm 
~~~TUH104~~~ 

, 

the mating act. 
North American fireflies are 

mostJy of the Photuris species 
and five only east of the Rocky 
Mountains, from southeastern 
Canada to Mexico. The bright 
flashing they emit at night 
serves as a method of species 
identification as well as a sex-
determining mating device. 

The UC San Diego Chamber Music Series 
1979-80 presents: 

from Stuttgart, Germany 

The Melos 
QUartet 
March 15, Sat. 8 pm 

Mandeville Auditorium 

Haydn: ........ . . Quartet In D, opus 76 
Berg: .................. Quartet opus 3 
Schubert: ....... Quartet in G, opus 161 

"near perlect ... flawless." 
. TIME MAGAZINE 

UCSD studentI $3.50 
General Admllllon $8.50 

ON SAIl NOW! UIO lox OIIce 

Thursday, March 13,1980 The Daily Guardian 

LudluDl's Latest a Ne\V Kind of Monster 
In Newest Thriller, 'Bourne Identity,' Plot Doesn't Work Like Previous 8 Bestsellers 

BY RICK GREENE 
. The Bourne Identity - by 

Robert Ludlum 
Robert Ludlum was one of 

the best of (he bes tselling 
authors of fiction in the 
1970's. He is considered to be 
the modern master of the 
suspense novel . His first eight 
books have all been monster 
bestsellers, each one 
surpassing the last in longevity 
and sales. 

The Daily Gual'(lian 

Arts 
-His last novel , The 

Matarese Circle was number 
one on the New York Times 
Bestseller list for 16 weeks and 
was on the list for almost a 
year. The book was the 
number one hardback novel in 
sales (250,000 copies) last 
year. 

WORLD OF COMICS 

And now, as is his yearly 
custom, Robert Ludlum 
strikes again with The Bourne 
Identity, his ninth thriller, 
which has already gone back 
for a second printing in little 
more than a month, making 
175,000 copies now 
available. 

This time we begin with a 
bullet·riddled mystery man 
plunging off of a boat seconds 
before it explodes on a fierce 
and stormy Mediterranean 
Sea. Half·drowned and half· 
dead , the salt water cleanses 
his wounds and he somehow 
Lves. 

The man washes up on the 
coast of the small island of 
Port Noir where an alcoholic 
English doctor cares for him. 
But our hero, one Jason 
Bourne, is an amnesiac who 
later treks off in search of his 
identity from Port Noir to 
Zurich to Paris and finally to 
New York. 

People everywhere seem to 
know him, everyone is afraid 

270· ]553 
929 Turquoise St ., "~", San Diego , CA 92109 - TN P.B.! 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 
Sciellce Fiction & Fantasy • Ulldergroulld CO'mix • Magazines 

New & Rare Comic Books • Fanzilles • Calelldars • Posters 
Fine Art Portfolios • and Much. Much More 

Your villid Student I.D. is your ticket to Silvings on everything! 
Stop in today and stal1 Silving right away. 10% autom.atic discount 
with I.D. And, bring this ad for a one·time extra discount of 5%. 
World of Comics is located at the corner of Turquoise Strut alld 
Bayard Street in PACIFIC BEACH. C'm on in today! UC-J 

of him and several try to kill 
him. And soon the terrible 
truth is revealed . Jason 
Bourne was a highly-payed 
professional assassin. Or was 
he? Was he the world·famous 
mysterious killer known as 
Carlos, or a refugee from a 
top· secret Vietnam operation 
known as Medusa? It becomes 
clear to Bourne he is being 
manipulated as finally the 
truth is revealed in a bloody 
yet satisfying climax. 

The major problem with 
Ludlum is he has become too 
predictable. Over the years he 
has been using just two basic 
plots over and over again. The 
fir t is the one about the 
innocent man who is 
accidentally involved in world-
wide evil and political power 
struggles but somehow 
overcomes the ruthless secret 
agent, a compassiqnate killer 
who involves himself in world· 
wide evil and political power 
struggles, and who also 
becomes a pawn but somehow 

overcomes the villains and 
gets the girl. And in every 
novd it's the old Hitchcock 
gag of the hero chasing the 
villian while the villian chases 
the hero and the law chases 
them both. 

But usually these old 
devices work for Ludlum, 
especially in The Chancellor 
Manuscript where he turns J. 
Edgar Hoover's death into a 
fantastic murder plot involving 
a secret organization 
blackmailing world leaders 
with the former FBI chief's 
smut filled files . Unfortunately 
for The Bourne Identity, 
neither of the plots works well. 
Ludlum has combined his two 
basic hero·types , the innocent 
man and the secret agent, into 
one man and the result is a 
confused and irritating hero 
who doesn' t know what he's 
doing or why he's doing it. 

Ludlum has written many 
compelling, thrill-a. page , 
suspenseful stories, but The 
Bourne Identity is neither 

compelling nor suspenseful. 
Yet fans of the genre will read 
and savor it, for it will be 
another year before Ludlum 
strikes again. 

PTA Pick 
Top Shows 

LOS ANGELES - The 
National PTA presented 
awards to 10 television 
producers yesterday for airing 
shows of positive values 
during the family viewing 
hours and singled out '~LittJe 
House on the Prairie" as the 
best show on television. 

The group said it was 
optimistic that television 
programming has improved 
during the current season. 

For the first time since the 
national organization began 
monitoring shows in 1977 , 
"the overall ratings for showl 
are higher than previously 
experienced," it said in its Fifth 
TV Programming Review 
Guide. 

Everyone's Invited To A MAGIC RAZOR 
HAIR DESIGN 6\. ~atrick's OOJ' 

£C Party $3 
La Jolla 

Village Square 
5 minutes from UCSD - 2 bloclts south of the V A Hospital. 

Guys b Gals-how would you like to wake up 
in the morning and run your brush through 
your hair and have it all fall into place? If you 
h'aven't experienced this yet, come on in and try 
one of our precision hairstyles. We have ten 

stylists to serve you. 

OPen: Mon, Thurs, Fri 10 am-9 pm 
Tues, Wed, Sat 10 am-6 pm 

Sun 12 noon-5 pm 

r----------------------------~ Stud.ents, Faculty, Staff: 
with this coupon ' 

$2.50 off any hairstyle 
plus a FREE hottle of our 

ph balanced shampoo or conditioner 
(a $2.50 value) 

10% off on additional services 
.• offer good thru March 31, 1980 
• • 

I 
I 
I 

-------------------------------call for appointment 

45.5-1700 

at ~WAlA'S PIAot! at the \ .~_ ~ Pub 
Monday, March 17 
~ 12 nOQ'n to midnight 

.:::t-'l~ 
--$3 
Green beer at 25¢ a glass 
Irish music all day long!! 

Free hors d'oeuvres 
Commemorati ve t,shirts * 

($4.00 per shirt) 
Gifts & Prizes handed out 

by happy leprechauns!! 

So, take a study break and wear 
your green, for IRISH EYES'LL BE 

SMILING all day at the Pub. 
*there is a limited supply of these t.-shirts. Pub 
Programming is selling these at cost! You will 
treasure a 1980 St. Patrick's Day Shirt for years 

to come I! 



• 
Alleged Library Harrasser 
Caught; No Complaint Filed 

Continued I,om page 1 caught,'" Mott remarked. "He 
kept coming back to the same 

The man, who had been place, wearing ' the same 
leen- ''fondling himaelf" by clothes and doing the same 
several wime.ses, "reco,nizes thing." 
that he ,.. a problem,' Mott Campus police warned the 
said. man not to return to campus 

"He says, 'I haven't had this before releasing him, 
urge in a long time, but according to Mott. Campus 
recendy I've just had to do it,'" detectives wiD pursue his case, 
Molt said. , but cannot issue a court order 

Although the man struggled for the man's arrest without a 
with . cam pu s police, signed statement from a 
"aomething in the back of hi, witneu who saw the man 
head was saying, ' I want to be publicly expose himself, Mott 

HEALTH CARE 

."''''~._'''.e''''' 
-........ -... ,.."... ...... 
........... ~'-.. ..... 
".",'" ........... ........ 
.... ."., ...... _ ........ 

d' ' ..... .....,.....,.,........, 
.. , ,. ... -

0- 0, u, ..... , 

'" .'UN cuuer; 
Artie E:aponda 

USAf Medical Recruiting Office 
3443 Camino del Rio South, 

Suite 206 
Diego, CA 293.6204/5737 

The Dally Guardian Thursday, Marcb 13, 1980 

said. 
Mott said there was little 

chance the man would return 
to campus , and that his 
detention by campus police 
might "give him a nudge in the 
right door" for psychiatric 
treatment. 

NSF Director 
Con finued from paRe 1 

Adams didn't completely lose in the process - the 
committee members said Saxon would send a leiter 
to all UC search committees commending Adams 
and informing them "of the high quality'.' of his work. 

Yesterday's incident was 
not an isolated case, Mott 
said. Campus police receive 
numerous reports of men 
sexually harrassing women , 
but "it' s ~ke fishing; sometimes 
you catch them, sometimes 
you don 't," Mott noted. 

The committee established two lists from the very 
beginning - candida tes it was seriously considering 
from outside the· system, and those from UC who 
were qualified and had had their names subrnitt~d, 

On the latter list were Saltman and James 
McGaugh , UC Irvine Vice Chancellor of Academic 
Affairs who has expressed anger that his name had 
been leaked to the preas, 

Central Library "seems to 
be a focal point for these kind 
of things," according to Mott, 

A unique program 
leading to the Master of 

Business Administration 
Degree for those undergraduate 

science majors and others who are 
planning a career In the management 

of enterprises associated with 
Agriculture, 

The curriculum consists of three parts: 
Nine general M.BA Courses 
Eight AgribusIness Courses 

Four Electives , 
Twelve to Eighteen months normally 

are required to ~omplete the program 

A representative will be on campus to talk wHh all Interested 
students on March 18, see Career Planning 
and Placement for details, 

FRISCO FANNY'S 
COMES TO LA 

• DI ..... NT KIND 0' STOI' 
featuring the latest and 
mast attractive women's 
fashions with top designer 
labels at the LOWEST 
DISCOUNT 'IICES. (ome and 
compare our low low prices 
and enjoy our good OLD 
faSHIONED HIVIC •• 

GRAND OPENING SALE 
AT ALL 8· STORES 

Ba99ies ... $16.,5 
CCNIIpGN at $30.00 

Hopsack 
Blazers .. $11.95 

CCNIIpGN at S3O.00 

....... 1ectIoft 01 D ........ 
lops at DISCOUNT PlIca. 

·FBISGO FAIm 
... .. 10 Jolla at nu .. ser ••• 

MlDM.SO 
(near Post anc.) 

0WI0 VIItG •• CaJon • DcNrntown • MIra.., . VIItIa • CoIege Otwe • NordIItark 

Tburaday, Marcb 13, 1980 The Daily Guardian 7 

C I ass i f i e'~I~c~l~s~-::-:--:-:-::-::~---"""-::=:;-;;;:::-:;:::-:;;;:-':;:;;;"7Vw--TiOw~n 7croom;;:;;;-,33bbdd.. c.co;n~do~, w;j/~dii;iish:;w;;;ash;;'er;',I-;eI;ecI;;;r~iCa;'I.~lig;;;ihl-;;;me;;C~han~ica;i=I.;mob;Iii;1e-; ___ ~ice, to . fo 452 3917 (3/14) vinyl, king size, 455·6448. (3/1 4) 
now r In • . washer & ayer, pool, & jacuzzi. $155/mo. + wOO< guaranteed. 453·2456. (3/21) announcements 

LOVE STINKS. If you think so, wrne in 100 
words or less YOIX story. You could be one 
of 3 cont .. , wimers for a pair of llckets and 
beckstage peSII8lI to the March 19th. J. 
GellS concert. Judging based on creativity 
and original~y. Send entrlesto:KSOTUCSO 
B·015 lJI Jaia, CA 92093. 
Research Project that needs money? 
Workshops are 3/11 , 4/1 and 4/3. Call 
SCURI. 452-3917. (3114) 
Need a break from Sludying? Escape to 
REEFER MADNESS and YELLOW 
~MARINEI Thursday, March 13, USB 
2722,7 and 10 o'clock. (3/13) 
Interviewing now lor 4 wild & crazy ladles for 
a trip to Cabo San Lucas on POWM boat. 
Leaves;;an Diego approx. April 1. minimum 
2 weeks . Interested parties respond to PO 
Box 101 t , Del Mar, Calif 92014. (3/ 19) 
Join MOM'sl Apply lor CoII~ge Canter 
Assistant. Applications accepted through 
March '21. Get referrals from Student 
Employmont and applications Irom Muir 
Dean's Office al 2125 HSS. (3/14) 
Applicalions are being accepled for Muir 
College Center Assistants through March 
21 . Get relerrals Irom Studenl Employment 
and applications Irom Muir Dean's Office 

_(2t25 HSS). (3/14) 
RACOUETBALL at Black Min. Thurs. niles 
club members play 2 hr • . for 1 buck. Leave 
Urey Hall MailboK 8:30. (3113) 
Deadline lor SCURI funding is April t t . Call 

FREE ICECAEAMlonighi aI9:00 Nexllothe '65 VW Bug, XLNT Cond~ion. 7500 ml. on 1/3 utiities. Close to school, UTC, & free TYPiNG/EDITING: 10 "'" specialized expo 
Dell. (3/t3) rebuinengine; runs,andI00ks,good.$1200. bus. Call 453·9t160r 453·8864. (3/1 4) theSIS, eli • • , mil. IS;'; Selectric. "'of. 
Come 10 a free talk on medilation this 453-3439. (3/14) Wanted: 2 females or couple to share 2 excellence·competltive price • . Pac 
Tl-oJrsday and learn Ihe art of getting A's. housing bam condo $1 2S/me ea, no deposit, pool, Bch/Bernice 274·1 078 day /eve. (3/14) 
Conducted by Dr. FrederiCk Lenz, prolessor near UTC. washer Idryer. Call 455-5607 IFYOU NEED Wlytypeof sewing done, give 
of English. and authority on medilation. Roommate wanted: malll working grad eves. (3/14) me a call. "'ic ... e negotiable. Evenings 
Thursday, 13th, HSS 1128. 4:00 pm. (3/13) student wants male/plutonic lemale to wanted only a,k lor Michele 436-60118 (3/14) 

I share beach house. Small room in house on Persona 8 Mission Beach. $190 plus utilities. Call Chris Mobile auto repair offer. you guaranteed Two guys need aride to Colorado and back quaWty wOO<. fall service, and the /oweII 
Miller High Ufe Frisbee Festival. Ne.' Otr. 488-5751. (3/14) over Spring break very willing 10 ,hare prices in SO. 233-1500.ea. 1:l/HII 
Apr~ 12. Free refreShments and 100s of fun. Female room male wanted to share one expenses & driving. Call Monte 453-1294 

A~I~tions8tCampusRec. Office. (3/ 14) bedroom apartmenl w~h foreign student. (3/13) travel 
Take a study break at the Ice Cream Social, Furnished, swimming poot, 1 btock from Need money? We need distribulors. For Info 
9:00 tonighl next 10 dell. (3113) ocean in Pacific Beach. $125/month. Call cali 566-8709. Ask for Don or Ben. Call now! 

273·6103 between 8 and 9 pm. (3/14) / 
LEARN THE ART of 4.0 at Ihe San Diego (3 14) 
Meditation Club of UCSO. Thursday at Wanted: Female rmmt for Spring qtr. condo servl" ce. 
4:00pm, HSS 1128. (3/13) close to UCSD. wi pool, tennis. jacuzzi. 

$237.50. Or, would like to move into similar Typists: IBM exper / theses/disser /term for sale situation. Kathy, 453·0516 (3/14) papers / editing. RUSH jobs! 453·0656. 452-
Ocean Front Condo Solana Beach: pool, 1~88, 286·4936, 225·t449. (6 / 15) 

1973 Ford Pinto.' Low milage, very good 
condrtion. Am·Fm radio $t ,300. 563-3012 
Dabbie, 483·0465, after 6 pm. (3114) 
Open reel tape deck-Akal GK-230 0 "Best 
Buy" rating, 1 yr Old. ex. condo Musl sell to 
help pay fees, any reasonabte oller 
considered. Ph: 452·9665. (3 / 14) 
For sale: 5.0 cu It refrig, immac cond~. muSl 
sell. $125 or best. Call 452·8934. (4/4) 

jacuui, tennis . pul beach. Room to share JENNY's HOME TYPING-TMm papers. 
$ 175. Furnished 755-5931 . (3/14) theses, diss. Days and eves, 225-1449 
F. roommale to share N.P.B. apt., own room (6/7) 
and bath, on bus rotae, near market, Experienced editor witl edit papers, theses, 
$135/mo. Ava il. 3-25 Call 272· 7 486(eves.) manuscripls. Call 279·0992 or 453.1259. 
(3/ 14) Ask for Lynn. (3 / 14) 
House for rent. $450. $200 Sec, P.B., 3 bdr, 2 Typlng. term paper., reports. theses, 
be. 7 min fa UCSD RiMar Realty Inc., 272- scientific, elc. $1 .00 and up per page. 453. 
0333 (3/t9) 0803. (3/18) 
Female. own room. near UCSD. Washer· TYPING! Oualky work. Call "6A" 235-6244. 

CIEE Student Travel located on the second 
lloor of the studen1 center open MWF 9-1 Tu 
Th t 2· 3. (3114) 

lost and found 
FOlXld: Calculator In Hi 1438 on Fri. <!Ii 
Please call 453·5091 . (3/1 4) 
Found: Ice Cream tonighl II 9:00 next 10 the 
Dell. (3/13) 
Found: Calculator in A-parking space by 
Third. Call 452-7781 to identify. (3/14) 
Lost 1 pair women's lealher ~es (brown). 
28th of Feb. If found please turn them into 
Edna. (3113) 
Lost 1 brown Irl·fold wallet 3/t 0 on Muir or 
Revelle . Call Mike 453·8049 (3/13) 

Three barely used polyest~r cord tires , size 
560.15. All three for $40. Call Karen. 453· 
3582. (3113) 
Bean Bags new strong comlortable linen or 

dryer, pool, Jacuui no smoking $155.00. (4/1) 
453-9116 (3/t3) DISCOUNT MECHANIC: Tune - up, ~~~~!'~~0~3~9(~/~IIe. CaIl452. 
Female, nonsmoker roomma~teiw~a~nt~e~d.tl" ••••••••• ~.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii •••• i 

Sorrento Valley 
Racquetball & Spa 1980 UC San Diego 

Summer Session 1-----2 for 1 !-----I 
: 52,50/hour non prime-time : 
1 (regular $2.50 each) 1 
1 6:30-11 am, 1-4 pm, 8-10 pm 1 
1 UCSD Student w/ID only. 1 
I 1 
I---expires 2 April, 1980--- 1 

455-1551 
10999 Sorrento Valley Road e San DieBo, California 

From the writer of "Battle of Algiers" 
Franco Solinas 

From the director of "Z," Costa-Gavras 

Friday, March 14, 7 pm 
TLH 107 

FREE FREE FREE 

sponsored by the committee for worlrl def!1OCracy and 
third world studies with asucsd-allocated student fees 

catalogs ii~~~ Ale Available 
UC San Diego Summer Session' Catalogs are 
now available at the Summer Session Office, 
106 Administrative Complex {Chancellor's 
Complex), For further info, or to receive a free 

copy of the catalog, call (714) 452-4364. 

.--------------I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I . 
I 
I 
I 
1 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

ASSORTED 
VINYL 

UCSO's New Record 
a Tape Co-op 

IS holding a 

RECORD BUY BACK 
I 
I 
1 
I 
1 

_Come In at these times to sell your records: -: 

• 

March 13, Thursday 
5 to 7 pm 

March 14, FrIday 
4to 6 pm 

March 19, Wednesday 
4t06pm 

March 20, Thursday 
12 to 3 pm, 6 to 8 pm 

March 21, FrIday 
12 to 3 pm, 6 to 8 pm 

: ............................ .. 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
• 
• 
• 
• I 

Assorted Vinyl Is holding this record buy-
back during the tenth week of classes and 
finals week to build up our collection. We 
will pay $1 to $2 for used Ip's In ,good 

condition . 

1 
1 

I For more Info, caD x2733. 
· . ~ ~----------------------------.--



8 The Daily Guardian Thursday, March 13,1980 

Marcuse: Social Critic ' 
ConlfnueJ 'rom pate 2 thus they were eminently critical 
entry into the Nazi Party waa in the concepts. At the same time, however, 
Reoolution-Semester (Spring, 1933), they .invalidated this contradiction by 
by which time Herbert" Sophie, and 'giving it ontological stability." Again he 
Peter Marcuaehad been aalely out of the turned to Hegel (Reason o.nd 
country for several month.. 1be news Reoolution-1941), for a clarification 
came aa a great ·.hock. Relation. with of the link between the most progreisive 
HuuerI (who had no use for either Hegel part of the idealist legacy and the 
or Marx) were always much more materiali.t goals of the European labor 
personal, and it is likely that it was he movement, whose future was now 
who interceded on Marcuae's behalf to "douded with lJ!!Certainty." 
secure hi. awointment to the inter- Throughout the period dominated by 
disciplinary Frankfwt Institution for the Spanish Civil War, The Moscow 
Social Re ..... ch. The-Institute had been Purge Trials, fascism, and war, 
~8 its evacuation .ince 1931 , Marcuae had been haunted by one 
amen douds had already begun to particU1ar paradox: the greater the 

gather," and Marcuae and his family potentialities for a hitherto-unimagined 
joined them in New York-via Zurich; degree of emancipation seemed, the 
Geneva. and Pari.-Independence· greater the mobilization of the forces of 
Day, 1934. He immediately took out po:.llcal and psychological repression 
American naturalizatidn papers. aeemed to be arrayed against them. 

The primary focUi of the exiled Conaequently, he allowed his thought to 
Institute (now housed at Columbia be preued to the margins of the 
Univerlity) was on the relation between establi.hed mety in his search for an 
totalitariarUm and ita liberal put in the "anticipatory memory" of future pall. of European capitalism into its 'liberation, for a political b.e from which 
monopoUtic 'Itage. For MarCUie as lo re.ist the totalitarian . controls: 
philosopher and Ideolo,iekrltiker, the surrealism, but also the claaslCal art of 
overridi ... question was, "did intellectual ' the bourgeois era, hedonism but also the 
culture prepare its own liquidation?" Hi. distant removes of idealist philosophy. 
interrotation of the di.tinguished The distinctive insight drawn from the 
tradition of Enlightenment liberalism poItwa~ period, how~ver, waa that. the 
indeed revealed ita defenaeleune .. : conclUSion of peace did not substantially 
'"Ideas such as essence, happinell, or lift totalitarian controls. 
theory bcwe evidence of inner disunity. In In hi~ work of this period, written .at 
an authentic way they revealed the Columbia, Havard, and Brande .. , 
aenuine potentialities of man and nature, Mar~use pursued this notion of a 

transcendent refuge "of the liberation from the Minutemen, the Ku Klux Klan, 
that failed, of the promise that was and the American Legion in the later 
betrayed." While this Archimedean 1960s. To a third audience, however, he 
standpoint came increasingly to be was inordinately responsive the New 
identified as an "aesthetic dimension," Left, especially the student anti-war 
he never abandoned the concrete movement as it had begun to take shape 
ground of social critique and political in Europe and America. To be sure, he 
praxis: Eros and Civilization (1955), never recognized any "agent" of 
the great interpretation of "the hidden socialist revolution other than the 
trend in psychoanalysis," Soviet industrial "working-class" of the 
Marxism (1958), his examination of the advanced capiwJist countries, but like 
limitations as well as the surviving Marx, he knew that one of the objective 
potehtialities of Soviet society as determinants of a revolutionary class is 
reflected in its official theory, and One- that it represent the "determinate 
Dimensional Man (1964), the now- negation" of capitalist society~ which the 
classic analysis of the extension of the American working c1as.manifestly did 
technological base 1"10 the supposedly not. In such prerevolutionary (counter-
autonomous realms of art, science, and revolutionary?) circumstances, the 
philosophy. "anticipatory consciousness" of the New 

Within five years of its publication, Left could permit it to break witFi the 
One-Dimensional Man had sold over administered system of one-dimensiol1al 
100,000 copies in the United States and needs and gratifications, and perform an 
been translated into 16 languages, and essential catalytic function_ 
its author withstood a'ttacks from the -
Kremlin and the Vatican the The prospects of the Left under the 
Minutemen and the Weatherm~, the present. ~fiod of "preventive counte~­
American Legion and the Progressive revolution was the central theme of hiS 
labor Party. In 1965 he accepted a wor~ during the last phase ~f tus life. He 
senior position in philosophy at the cO!'tmued t? lecture, to agitate, ~d to 
Univeraity of California at San Diego, wnte at his custom.ary, .volurmnous 
and at an .age (67) at which any rate-the Essay.of L,beratIOn (1969), 
academic might have looked forward to Counter-R~lJOlutlOn and Revolt (l.9?2) 
a tranquil retirement and perhaps a as well ~s Import~t essays on f~nurusm 
concluding opus, devoted the remainder (themabc for him at leas~ since .the 
of the decade to his teaching, writing, 19~~s), ~ory and practice, topical 
and to the clarification and development political. Issues, and! of <;~urse, ~e 
of his theoretical position before an co~cludlng essay whl,~h ~e wro~e v.:llh 
international audience of scholars and Erica Sherover- M,tarbe,tenn, 
activists. Freundin, und Frau"(co-worker, friend, 

Marcuse rardy responded to his and wife)-in which he returned to the 
academic critics and apparently did not political significance of The Aesthetic 
return the correspondence he received Dimension. 

Can student government make a difference? 
Why not get involved? 

ANNOUNCING-
The 1980 

AS. Elections~ 
April · 

Balloting will be 
conducted in the fourth 
week of Spring Quarter, 

on April 23 & 24. 

Referenda and 
initiatives are due 
by Monday, April 7 

by 4:00 pm. 

The filing period for 
candidates is Monday, 
March 31 (first week) 

through Monday, April 7 
by 4:30 (second week). 

__ .For MOre Information, check ... 
with the A.S. OffIces, x4450. 

THIS WEEK 

Thursday, March 13 
COMEDY NIGHT 

8:30 PM 
Comedians from the 

Comedy Store in 10 Jolla! 

.----AnENTION:---.... 
You can be a legally ordained minister without 
giving up your membership in any other church. 
As a U.L.C. minister you have the authority to 
officiate at marriages, baptisms, funerals and 
give the last rights. Since its beginning, ministers 
for the U.L.C. have been draft exempt. You can 
be ordained by mail in ten days. For 

information, write: 

Universal Life Church 
P.O. Box 429 
......~-· Vista, Calif 92083---'" 


