
The Daily Guardian 
Volume 41, Number 27 University of California, San Diego Monday, October 27, 1980 

Guardian file photo 
A researcher holds a Ia!>oratory mouse similar to those that perish«:d in a small fire Fr~day. 

Revelle College triumphs 
in annual College Bowl 

A team of fourfaculty from to win the championship by answered immediately. 
Revelle College soundly demolishing Warren, 415- "It shows that professors-
defeated the defending 1~. can be human, too," said 
champions from Warren Third College dropped its Goodman of the numerous 
College in the final round of first round contest to bloopers after the contest. 

UCSD~s annual faculty Warren, 250-165, but went on "It's fun to beatthereceiving 
College Bowl Friday night. to finish third overall by end once in a while." 

Teams from Third and beating consolation finals Members of the Revelle 
Muir Colleges finished third challenger Muir College, 205- team included Goodman, 
and fourth. respectively. 75. chemistry, Stanley Chodo-

"I had forgotten what it Master of Ceremonies row, history, Donald Tuzi~, 
was like to take an exam," David Lee, a Third College anthr~pology and Jamie 
said Revelle chemistry student, repeatedly reminded Lyon, hterature. 
professor Murry Goodman the 150 onlookers that "we're The runner-up Warren 
after the event. "Now I here just for fun." Still, the College team consisted of Lea 
remember." audience laughed as Rudee,provost,DougMagde, 

R f . . f' . gI . I . chemistry, Kristin Luker, evelle ac~.MU1r In l,rst seemm Y simp e questIOns sociology and Peter Cowhey 
round competition, defeatmg went unanswered while political science. ' 
them 180-150. They went on obscure trivia queries were 

Saxon goes to China, 
looks for new ideas . 

UC President David Saxon 
left Saturday for a three week 
tour of universities in China 
and Japan. 

Accompanying him will be 
Chairman of Regents Joseph 
Moore; Professor Lucie 
Cheng Hirata, director of the 
Asian American Studies 
Center and the China 
Exchange Propam at UCLA; 
and Saxon s executive 
assistant, David Wilson. 

The visit, initiated by an 
invitation from the Chinese 
Ministry of Education, will 
concentrate on China where 

. Saxon and his party will visit 
the several institutions with 
which UC campuses have 
agreements. 

"I am pleased to have been 
jnvited to visit China and 1 
welcome the opportunity to 
learn at first hand not only 
about those institutions of 
higher education with which 
the University of California 
already has enchange 
arrangements, but about 
other institutions as well," 
Saxon said. "I hope it will be 
but t e fiRit step in a greatly 

expanded exchan~e of idea~ 
and information.' 

UC Berkeley is affiliated 
with , Beijing University, 
Beijing; Tsinghua Univer-
sity, Beijing; and Jiao Tong 
University, Shanghai. UCLA 
is affiliated with Zhongshan 
University, Guanszhou; UC 
San Diego is affihated with 
C hong~i ng Uni versi ty, 
Chonggmg, and Huazong 
Institute of Technology, 
Wuhang; and UC Santa 
Barbara is affiliated with 
Academia Sinica, Beijing. 

Saxon hopes to become 
familiar with the administra-
tion and faculty of the 
affiliated institutions and to 
explore ways of encour~ng 
more regular and Wider 
contacts between the 
Chinese institutions and UC 
campuses. He will discuss 
the advisability and possible 
content of a general 
agreement between UC and 
the Chinese Ministry of 
Education to assure 
maximum benefit in 
academic exchanges, includ-

pie ... " " to 

Competing for Third 
College were Bill Frazer, 
physics, Arneson, philo-
sophy, Bob Cancel, literature 
and Charles Chamberlain, 
literature. 

The Muir College competi-
tors included Chips Dreilin-
ger, dean, Ben Williams, 
psychology, Erik Mellby, 
assistant resident dean, and 
Doug Smith, biology. 

Lab fire halts 
tumor research 

30 mice die in smoke 
BY RANDY HILL 

Staff Writer 
A fire at a UCSD cancer how many mice mi~ht die 

research lab Friday morning from bacterial infections or 
killed 30 valuable test mice pneumonia because of the 
and brought a five year tumor fire. Each mouse is worth 

• study to a halt. $125. 
The lab contains a group of According to fire officials, 

6000 !nice born without fur or the blaze erupted when an 
any natural immunities. The electrical short ignited a 
mice are being used to study cardboard packing case. The 
implanted human tumors automatic sprinkler system 
and the effects of anti-cancer quickly put out the fire. 
drugs upon the tumors. Structural damage was 

The mice do not reject the estimated at $20,000, mostly 
implanted tumors, making it due to smoke and water. 
possible for the researchers By Sunday the lab had 
to study the growth's returned . to normal opera-
properties. tions. Lab employees worked 

Dr. Nathan Kaplan, a through the weekend to clean 
researcher for the cancer up the fire and water damage, 
project, explained that the while researchers trans-
mice are very sensitive to planted tumors from ailing to 
infection, and that the healthy mice. 
researchers are hoping to Kaplan said that 40 
transfer the tumors from different types of tumors 
injured mice to healthy ones. were implanted in the mice 

A university spokesman used in the experiment. Some 
said that workers would not of the research involved 
know until. later in the week chemothearapy, he said. 

U C SD election poll 
The Daily' Guardian will conduct a voter preference 

telephone poll on local and national candidates Tuesday 
night after the Carter-Reagan debate. 

The results of the poll will be published in Thursday's 
issue of The Daily Guardian 

Statistics gathered should indicate the number of 
students registered on r..al11pus, their choice for president 
and their knowledge of local congressional candidates. 

The morning after 
A Political scientist who is 

an expert on the presidency 
will offer his views of the 
elections in the second 
"Adventures in Research" 
lecture at UCSD on 
Wednesday, Nov. 5, the day 
after election day. 

Professor Sam Kernell, 
chairman of the political 
science department, will 
speak at noon in the North 
Conference Room of the 
Student Center on "What 

Happened Last Night: A 
Morning-after Look at the 
Elections." The public is 
invited and admission is free. 

Kernell, who earned his 
doctorate in political science 
at UC Berkeley and joined the 
San Diego faculty in 1977, 
has written extensively 
about the presidency and 
congress. 

He has co-authored a book 
with'UCSD political cientist 

please tum to page 4 

, 



2 

--~D------~----~--------------------------------------~--------Unioniz~tion is prima~y concern, not mud-slinging 
Editor: . Isonewewon. -thenghtto Comm~tt.ees (Stewards', UCSD?AF!?CM~, thesecond we belong to CUCE At~aeneralmembership , take a .hohday. on the OrgaOlzlng, Health & large~t umon 10 tht; .AFL· (Co!"ference of University of meetl~ on Oct. 16, ~e (the prec~edlng F~lday . or Safety). . . CIO,ls composed specifically Cahfornia Employees _ the 
Amencan Federatlo,:, . of followmgMondaYlfahohday A basiC problem for both of public employees. It is the independent organization of 
State, County ~d MUnlClpal falls?n a weekend. If these AFSCM~ and C.SEA at· only labor organization in all the UC·AFSCME locals). E~ployees) discussed the are~ ~ the terms and UCSD IS the five-year California that has success- AFSCME is the only 
artIcles and letters o~ U~SD condItions of ~mployment at average term of employment fully negotiated a statewide organization that has the 
employees and orgaruzatlons UC, w~at are. at UC; we have to replace 20 contrac~ anywhere in the U!' . experience to negotiate the ~hat have ~t1y appeared Seekm~ the support of a percent of our members every From ItS headquarters JO kind of sYstemwide contract 
In ~he JUftI ".f/lC4tor and ,Tht stronguQJon,CSEAm~m~rs year, due to attrition. Washington, DC, it lobbies : we need. None of us can afford 
Da,ly GfUlrdran and decIded hay~ left that organization AFSCME hopes t~t with t.be· powerfully for legislation the luxury of waiting for tor~pond_ , to}omAFSCME.Several~ad ~dventofcollectlVe.bargam- favorable to public em- CSEA to 'gain enou h 

Fust of all, w~ don t want gnevances that were bemg 109, UC workers Will elect a ployees. No association can experience to lock horns wFth 
to. ~ drqged m~o a mud- handled. by ~~EA, ~t they repre~ entative that will offer this sort of support and the UC machine and win. We 
shnglng contest with CSEA. were dlssat.lsfled with the negotiate. a strong and savvy. believe that the time for 
Suchanari\lmentamongUC repr~s.entatlon they were democr~tlc co~tract and Despite the size of associations is over. Jt is time 
~mployees would only play re~lvlng;. t~ey therefo~e_ mak~, thiS appallmg turnover AFSCME Internatioflal, to get a union contract that 
mto the hands. of UC decld~ to Jom A~SC~ m a thmg of the past. AFSCME's locals are totally wiII insure us - UC 
managemen.t, which more the middle of .thelr gr~evan- ~nd now ~e come to the independent - we make our employees - a say in the 
than anythl~g else wa~t to ces. If CS.EA I~ now fmally primary POint: Why is own decisions, keep 70 terms and conditions of our 
see UC .remam unorgan.lZed. representmg Its members AFSCME a better vehicle percent of our members' working lives. 

~ prtmary concern IS to adeq~atel~, ,we are ~Iad to ~han any Association to dues, elect our own Executive SUSAN ORLOFSKY 
gIve . UC . e~ployees .. an hear It -:-It s about time. Imp~o~e their terms and Board and participate in President, AFSCME, 
effective vOlcemdetenmn!ng ~o offtcer of the Loc~I.gets condItions of employment at contract negotiations. And Local 2068 
wages, hours and working paid anythlOg for partlclpat- . 
conditions (through a 109 in or administering the A' t · 1 · ttl k 
collective bargaining Local. We work for our union n I-nuc ear s a ements ac 
contract). For the record we because we beli~ve that the 
would like to clarify the only. way t~ . msure good I· n scholarshl· p reason truth following points: ~rklng condltlons .at UCSD " 

IS through an organIZed work 
force. And we think it is a 
plus that our International 
sends us organizers-to help us 
get UCSD organized. 

We in no way solicited the 
'fell! iNdicator article 
(awearing in Vol. 6, No. I), 
aIthou,~ we appreciated the 
recogrutton. 

Editor: 
On Oct. 21 I attended the 

nuclear energy debate to hear 
Dr_ Michio Kaku present the 
anti -nuclear side_ His 
argument once again 
revealed the paucity of the 
anti-nuke credo and consis-
ted of cancer scare-stories 
and endless half-truths about 
the nuclear industry's 

position as to safety, 
economics and present and 
future contributions to our 
nation's industrial well-being 
and security. 
. I wonder what justification 

Dr. Kaku, seemingly a 
brilIiant professional, has for 
failing the young minds iO his 
audience by ignoring sound 
science, logic and ethics. 

Every one of his anti -nuke 
statements. partic,,!larly his 
one-liners, have been shown 
to be lacking in scholarship, 
reason and truthfulness by' 
numerous, more balanced 
members of the academic 
community. Let's hear from 
some of them. 

GEORGE E. KIDD 
Professional Engineer, ret. 

CSEA's Executive Board 
has stated that three of their 
number left AFSCME 
because they felt that we 
lacked "concern . with the 
terms and oonditions" of 
employment at UCSD. It is a 
matter of historical record 
that AFSCME has not only 
handled many complaints 
and grievances having to do 
with diSO"lminatton, work 
assignments, forced overtime 
and lay-offs because of 
"reorganization," but we 
have also repeatedly 
demanded quality childcare 
for st.ti, an employer-paid 
dental plan, real cost-of-
living raises, fair and 
equitable grievance pr0ce-
dures, the right to buy back 
surplus vacation and sick 
leave, improved retirement 
benefits, Improved transfer 
and re-hire conditions, more 
on-the-job training, equal 
rights for "casual" em-
ployees (i.e., students and 
other part-time workers), 
additional holidays, and this 

These International reps, 
together with many volun-
teers from among Local 2068 
members, enabled AFSCME 
to file with the PERB (Public 
Employees Relations aoard) 
for collective bargaining 
elections systemwide in all 
units (Service & Main-
tenance, Clerical, Skilled 
Crafts, Technical, and 

'Professionals) - with more 
A newspaper shouldn't take sides 

than 50 percent signatures in 
some of these units. As a 
matter of fact, CSEA also has 
paid organizers and a rovirw 
steward, but CSEA didn t 
qualify with the PERB in any 
systemwide unit (they , 
weren't able to file with even 
the minimum 10 percent 
signatures). 

AFSC~ is a democrati -
cally run, rank-and-file 
Controlled organization. The 
Executive Board acts as a 
steering committee, but the 
members have the final 
decision-making powers in 
general membership meet-
ings. Members also make 
many policy decisions in the 

Editor: 
Recently, Jon Bekken 

wrote a letter concerning an 
editorial I submitted about 
news reporting (The Daily 
Guardian, Oct. 22). Bekken 
stated, "To refer to articles 
that...refuse to take a stand 
as 'good, strong journalism' 
is in many ways indicative of 
the malaise affectinl{ 
journalism in this country. 
The concept of "refusing to 
take a stand" is the true 
definitipn of objectivity. 
Now, some may not agree 
with me, but Webster's New 
World Dictionary does. Even 
though it seldom is as 
interesting, most newspa-

pers strive to be impartial; 
they don't resor.t to taking 
sides to increase their 
readership. 

Another "gem" from his 
article was : "What merit is 
there in giving a 'fair shake' 
to a klansman running for 
office?" Simply because Mr. 
Bekken doc:sn't agree with 
the policies of Tom Metzger, 
he believes we should not be 
fair to him. It may seem like a 
good idea to him now, but 
what if in the future the 
conservatives decided not to 
be fair to the liberals and took 
away their right to run for 
office? 

The line after that states, 

"Whose interest does such 
(objective) reporting serve?" 
Well, it serves the interest of 
undecided voters who would 
like to learn more about a 
candidate, and not read one-
sided opinions. Apparently, 
Mr. Bekken thought that 
"bland, insipid" article was 
bori~, ~ut to an. open, 
conSCientiOUS voter It was 
interesting. 

I am not implying that the 
new indicator IS in any way a 

. bad newspaper, I simply 
want the readers to realize 
where it's coming from and 
what ethics it represents. 

STEVEN C. MALIN 

Cuba's young ,'misfits' Jirstwelcomed, now spurned 
BY JULIA PRESTON gambled at cards, showing 17, w~ came to the United 

FORT ~CCOY, WISCON· off their piles of Lucky Strike States by themselves, with 
SIN -Behtnd ~worows of ~2- packs they had won, though no relatives, from the Cuban 
fO«?t fences rel!1forct;d With none smoked. They hugged port ot Mariel in May and 
C<?lls of razor-hke Wire, the their guards, and then turned June. They were branded 
kld~ cavorted up and down. around and spilled every misfits in Cuba. And no one 
InSide the barracks some garbage can in the compound knows what to brand them 

when told a promised or do with them, her~. ' 
Julia Preston, a freelance 

writer specializing in 
immigration, wrote this for the 
Pacific News Seroice. 

bowling trip had been Most of the Cuban youth 
cancelled. _ here came out of Cuban 

They are 140 Cuban reformatories where they 
refugee teenagers, a.cred 15 to were held for offenses such as 

truancy and vagrancy. Many 
fell into a gap in Cuban 
society where compulsory 
school ends at age 15 but 
work. doesn't begin until 17. 
They became street kids. At 
least eight are homosexual. 
They don't care much about 
communism or capitalism, 
though they are very 
vu I nera ble to pol i ti cal 
proselytizing. They just 
thought the trip from Mariel 
would get them out of jail. So 
far, it hasn't. 

Lazaro Rodriguez, 17, said 
he was serving two years in a 
Havana faci lity called 
Combinada del Este. "They 
came to me with a paper 
saying I could serve extra 
time in Cuba or go to Mariel. 
What kind of a choice is 
that?" 

Now the teenagers, mostly 
boys, are playing furiously in 
the high security compound, 
trying to ignore a message 
they have been hearing on all 
sides. There is no _place for 
them left in the world. 

In all, Fort McCoy has 
housed 14,360 Cuban 
refugees this summer, 
including adults and minors. 
More than 9,700 were 

resettled with sponsoring 
relatives. The remaining 
3,234 adults were transferred 
to Fort Chafee, Ark. Those 
minors left have no relatives 
here and haven't received 
state sponsors because the 
ambiguous immigration 
status conferred on Cuban 
refugees by the Carter 
Administration has meant 
that no one has legal custody 
over them. 

Two State Circuit Court 
Judges, James Rice and Ness 
Flores, held hearings last 
week in a tumultuous 
barracks courtroom to place 
them in the legal care of the 
state of Wi sconsin, "I'm 
listening all day to angry, 
scared kids," said irate]'udge 
Flores. "And the Immigration 
and Naturalization Service 
tells methat technically, they 
are still in Cuba. It' s 
ludricrous. " 

Neither the judges nor the 
State's Public 1}efender, 
David Niblack, have been 
able to get a list of all the 
minors in Ft. McCoy from the 
INS or the St ate Department, 
which is in charge of the 
juveniles' compound. Thirty 

ple •• e tum to pelle 8 

Monday, October 27,1980 

Staff experts charge 
MX ,flaws hidden by 
high-tech 'veneer' 

BY MARK BEYELER 
SANTA BARBARA - The 

Envi ronmental Impact 
Statement (EIS) on deploy-
ment of the Air Force's 
controversial MX Miss ile 
project, due to be released, 
oon, is already being termed 

a "whitewash " by some 
technical staff and former 
staff member of the firm 
conducting the review. 

" HDR (He nnings ton, 
Durham and Richardson) is 
preparing the EIS simply to 
make the Air Force preferred 
deployment plan look good," 
sa id one ,current taff 
member who, like others 
inte rviewed, requested 
anonymity. Staff members 
have been specifically 
warned against discussing 
their work with the public. 

Larry Buffington , a 
sociologist who left the Santa 
Barbara firm this summer 
after working for one year on 
the MX environmental 
revi ew, descri bed the 
re lationship between the 
firm and ·the Air Force as 
"sweetheart contracting.'" 

"It seems," said Buffing· 
ton, "we anticipate what the 
Air Force wants." 

A spokesman for HDR, 
Robert Abrahams, declined to 

Mark Beyeler, a freela1lce 
writer a~ld environmental 
planning consultant, wrote 
this for the Pacific News 
Service. 

comment on the specific 
c harges, ca lling them 
"conclusionary statements. 
and not facts." He termed the 
charge "hearsay on hear ay 
on hearsay. I will not answer 
a hypothetical question," he 
said. 

Air Force and other federal 
officials also declined to 
comment. 

The firm has been working 
on the MX deployment 
environmental report for 
more than a year, since the 
Air Force announced that the 
and, sparsely populated 
Great Bas in of Utah and 
Nevada was the preferred 

. site for the massive new 
nuclear weapon system. 
, Development of the MX 

system has been termed "the 
largest construction project 
ever undertaken." It will 
involve an area the size of 
Connecticut, 10,000 miles of 
heavy-duty roadway and, 
according to one estimate, 
more than 120 billion gallons 
of water during the life of the 
project. 

Construction of the system 
will require up to 100,000 
workers in an area where the 
population now averages less 
than one person per square 
mile. 

Local opposition to the 
project has been widespread. 
Concerned residents have 
anxiously awaited publica· 
tion of the EIS, though man y 
have already assumed an 

up your 
wardrobe 

~ 
'I,EA\'E 11 ~lCf,'FLCmU - WE ~'r l3E ~I~ 1lE. tHPrY ~ 'TIilS TI~, !IMR. I 

attitude similar to that of the 
complaining staff members. 
"We feel that the MX decision 
has already been made and 
that the EIS is just part ofthe 
approval process. We also feel , 
that the real purpose for an 
EIS is to justify a 
controversial project," said 
John Redhouse, active in the 
group Nevadans Opposed to 
MX. 

Environmental Impact 
Statements on engineering 
and testing of the MX system 
have already been completed. 
The current review focuses 
on site selection. It was 
initially due for completion in 
mid-summer but has been 
delayed until November. 

An adverse envi ronmental 
report on the site deployment 
phase could cost the Air Foce 
millions of dollars in re-
design. At worst, it could 
delay development of t he. 
project indefinitely. 

However, according to 
\ HDR staff members who 

have been willing to talk 
about the projec t , HDR 
management has taken a 
series of actions designed to 
"sabotage the intent of 
exi s ting environmental 
requirements, " in the words 
of one current staff member. 

Various present and 
former staff have complained 
that management officials 
have edited and rewritten 
sections of the report so the 
data will look better. 

Buffington claimed in an 
inl:erview that the "quality of 
life" portion of the report , 
which he had been assigned 
to complete, was reassigned 
at leas t twice before the firm 
was satisfied with the 
results. "The study was 
reassigned to make it look 
better," he said. 

Anot her s t aff scien tist said 
his data was "changed by the 
management to eliminate 
any specific reference to 
adver e impacts." 

HDR spokesman Abraham 

declined to comment on these 
charges on the basis that it 
was unclear what specific 
studies were involved. 

Apart from the charges of 
editing by management, 
various current and former 
technical staff members, 
including six workers now 
employed on the project, 
complained of: 

-Lack of "peer review" of 
the scientific data. Manage-
ment officials, say dis-
gruntled staff scientists, are 
credentialed professionals 
but are not involved in the 
day-t()-day scientific work 
which would qualify them to 
review results . 

-Over-reliance on "high, 
tech" computer and compu-
ter-based methodologies 
which "hide" an incomplete 
data ba e and do not include 
many subjective evaluations 
included in the environmen-
tal assessment. 

-Restrictions on data 
please turn to page 8 

Gift Certificates, 
American Express, VISA 

Mastercard 

Presenting 
Suits, Slacks 
Shirts, Cologne 

Upper Level 
La Jolla Village Square 

a......---=-____ 455-7334 



THt: MASK of the Rt:D DfATH 
and 

THt: RA Vt:N . 
October ll, friday, 7:00 p.m. 

USB 2722 
Tickets $.50 

Tkkets on sale at UfO Box Offke. 452·4559 
.................... Unh''''I~ ....... Office 

Wednesday, November 19th, 
could be the day you begin 
fulfilling your professional 
ambilions. If you',. abOut to grockJate wtth a degree 

In Cor'npuMr ScIence. Et 19II..mg, 
MaItanaIIc:a 01 fIt1¥*=a. you owe • to ynneII 
to talk witt llelOGlCON ~ rtatNel here 
on c\:ImpUI w.d.. Nov. 1911. 

" COUd PIQWe to be the bbegll"'W'I •• "'",n d a 
ccner to IaIt a -..me. LogIcon. 

.. A San Diego Fremlerel 

~ 

"rascinatlng".touching. .. daullng, makes you ~r to see morel" 
Jack Kroll , /YeWsweek 

Two Nights Onlyll 

November l'~ 2 
IaIUfday • Iunday •• :00 p.m •• MancMvl .. AucIIoItum 

UCID .......... '7 ("., ... (main 1Ieor). CIA. '10 (0ftIII.) ... (main"', 
lIcIIIeInIn ... I.el A ....... ~ hlnllioa CIIIoe ....... 

The Daily Guardian Monday, October 27, 1980 

Iran's parliantent delays 
talks on US hostage issue 

Opinions in Majlis show instability 
BEIRUT, Lebanon AP 

- Despite reports that Iran 
was eager to solve the 
hostage crisis, Iran 's 
Parliament again has proven 
to be a volatile assembly of 
clergymen and fundamental · 
ist laymen that defies 
predictions. 

Even before yesterday's 
debate on the issue of the 52 
Americans held hostage since 
the US Embassy was seized 
last Nov. 4, there were 
warnings from Tehran as 
well as Washington that the 
question could not be 
resolved in a single day. 

"It is unpredictable 
because opinions vary in the 
Majlis." Ali Akbar Nateq 
Noori, a member of the seven· 
member special committee on 
the hostages, said four days 
before the debate began. "It 
may take a while because of 
the importance of the issue." 

Similar views were 
expressed before Sunday's 
debate by a diplomatic 
correspondent for the Iranian 
news agency Pars who said 
he did not believe the 
hostages would be released in 
the immediate future. 

The opening of debate, he 
said. was a step forward to 
ending the crisis, but added 
"the hostages will not be 
released soon" - not only 
because of , the difference in 
opinion with Majlis, or 
Parliament, but because the 
United States may find it 
difficult to meet the 
conditions. 

He mentioned in particular 
the demand of Ayatollah 
Ruhollah Khomeirii for the 
return of the late shah's 
wealth, much of which is in 
secret bank accounts abroad 
and there is no accurate 
estimate of the amount. 

The issue that appeared 
to anger the 181 deputies who 
met Sunday was what they 
called US "interference" in 
Iran's affairs - indicating 
the alleged US support for 
Iraq in its 35·day·old war 
with Iran. 

The United States has 
denied aiding either side. 

It WItS one of the -reasons 
for both the extension of the 
debate until Monday and the 
decision to meet behind 
closed doors, the top aid to 
Majlis Speaker Hashemi 

. Saxon in China 
continued from page 1 
ing: 

-broadening the basis of 
ex~hange by providing 
assistance to scholars and 
students in finding places 
appropriate to their interests 
and abilities in study and 

researc~ . 
-ways to enhance the 

health and welfare of 
exchange students and 
scholars; 

-sharing of costs, 
development of prOgrams, 
training in languages, and 

fair and effective reciprocity . 

. The group will stay in 
China until Nov. 10 when 
they depart for Tokyo. In 
Japan , they will visit N~oya 
University and Meeji Uni· 
veristy and will be discussing 
therelationshipof research to 
industry in the Japanese 
system and possible forms of 
cooperation between UC and 
institutions in Japan. 

The group will return tothe 
United States on Nov. 15. 

KKK leader spreads ' . 
message to northeast 

Rafsanjani told The Associ· 
-<lted Press in a telephone 
interview. 

Mideast analysts have said 
that one rea on the religiou 
authorities in Iran condoned 
the seizure of the diplomatic 
hostages was to pun ish the 
US government for its 
support of the shah and to 
prove that the United Staates 
had no power left in Iran . 

The optimistic reports 
about a quick resolution of 
the hostage problem also 
appeared to overlook a solid 
body of opinion among 
militants of the Islamic 
Republican Party - the 
largest block in the 2Z8·seat 
assembly - which favors a 
trial for at least some of the 
hostages they refer to as 
"spies." 
This was not the first time, 
either, that the Parliament 
has taken longer to get around 
to the hostage issue than 
expected. Predictions were 
that it would be decided las I 
May. 

Then it was referred to a 
committee and now the 
debate has been extended and 
may continue for a week. 

Guardian 
pollsters 

All Daily Guardian-staff 
members who volunteered 
to make telephone calls in 
tomorrow night's voter 
preference poll should 
arrive at the Coffee Hut 
office before 8 pm. A 

t~evision will be provided 
so pollsters may watch the 
end of the ·Carter·Reagan 
debate. 

Staff members wbo are 
making calls at off·campus 
locations should stop by 
the office during the day to 
pick up polling materials. 

Information gatherea 
from the calls should be 
returned to the Daily 
Guardian office immedia· 
tely following the conclu· 

NEW GENEVA, Pa. any man or women in thi s sion of the polljng. 
Ap - Bearing a m'icrophone field today." Wilkinson said' ,-________ ---1 

• revzews 
election 

and backed by a burning to cheers. 
cross. Ku Klux Klan leader After the speech, Wilkin· Extension 
Bill Wilkinson has brought son traded his three·piece " 
the Klan's racist message to suit for a white robe with a 
rural Penn sylavania. a dragon embroidered on the 
message he believes will back to lead about 30 other 
sweep the Northern states. robed. torch·bearing Klans· 
. "The Southerners and the men in lighting the cross. 
Northerners are getting Wilkinson addressed about 
together and we're ~oing to 100 people <'t a cross=1mrning continued from page 1 
tight integration. We regoiflf{ Sunday night near Buchanr Gary Jacobsen, The Structure 
to push integration out. non, W.Va. Between 25 and of Clwice: A Theory of 
Wilkinson told a crowd of 30 hooded and robed Klan Congressional Elections, 
several hundred sympathiz· members . - armed with recently accepted for 
ers and curipus spectators in shotguns, rifles and {'istols - publication by Yale Press. 
a muddy farm field near here handed out KKK hterature The" Adventures in 
Saturday night. andmembershipapplidltions Research" series of lectures, 

Wilkinson, a ' former at the rally at a farm in a sponsored by the Council of 
electrical contractor from remote section of Upshur Provosts. Third College and 
Louisiana who now leads the Countr in central West the Public Information 
Invisible Empire, Knights of Virgima. Office, !s designed to better 
the Ku Klux Klan, stood on West Virginians also acqua Int the campus 
the back of a pickup truck attended anti·Klan rallies at community and the general 
and ralied against integra· the State Capitol in public with some of the 
tion. forced busing, affinna· Charleston and In Union· UCSD faculty and their 
tive actions programs and US town, Pa., Saturday. research. 
acceptance of refugees. The Pennsylvania rally, The final lecture in the fall 

"The day we are finally the first open, major Klan quarter series will be Nov. 2t} 
able to mobilize millions of recruiting event in the state at noon in the UCSDTheatre 
white American pa~riots in at least 30 years. was where drama professor Eric 
such as you and get out on the condemed by labor, civil Christmas will discuss and 
streets and say 'no more r.ights, religious and political perform Chris"flas in 
affirmative action, no more leaders who mel in protest Nove",w: A LiKhthuJrl8d 
forced busing,' Jimmy Carter about 20 miles away in Loolt at HoIido~ 1!;"t.rlain· 

'1\ J..w.nn. hOlY • 
... !'!'!. ~1ftIPlI!~III!I!!IIIIIIIIf!II!!I!!!I!I!IIIJI~a. ..... "",,,,,,IIJIIIIII!'''''''~ ........ ~! .. :'ro'u~·.It: M WA.II r~\ as • 1JJ)jQJn9.~~ .............. ", .. ,,1fIMtThm¥1J 1 .WlWJries. 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEWS BRIEFS 

Mondale: 'no' to 
Iran on spare parts 

WASHINGTON - Vice 
President Walter F. Mondale 
yesterday ruled out providing 
Iran with US military 
equipment, at least until the 
American hostages are. 
released. 

Mondale said the Carter 
administration was not 
negotiating with authorities 
in Tehran to resupply Iran's 
military forces during the 
war with Iraq. 

On prospects for release of 
the hostages, Mondale again 
tried to dampen speculation 
on an imminent break· 
through. 

"We cannot say we have 
information that could lead to 
excessive optimism," hesaid. 

At the State Department, 
meanwhile, officials said Iran 
had not indicated what 
decision the parliament 
would take on the hostages. 

"The Iranians have not 
made up their minds so we 
have no word," said one US 
official who kept a close 
watch on developments in 
Tehran. 

A plan to free as many as 40 
of the 52 hostages, but to hold 

the others back, possibly for 
trial on espionage charges, is 
known to be under considera· 
tion. But the official , who 
asked not to be identified, 
said "there is no one who can 
say what they will do." 

Iraqi missiles 
smashed Iran 

BEIRUT, Lebanon -
Five Soviet·made miss iles 
smashed into Iran's main 
army garrison at Dezful in 
southern Iran yesterday, 
killing as many as 100 people. 
.Iran said. It was the second 
reported Iraqi missile attack 
in the 35·day Persian Gulf 
war. • 

Iran's official news agency 
Pars said Iraq fired five 
surface·to·surface Frog· 7 
missiles into residential 
areas of Dezful shortly after 
midnight. The Frog·7 has a 
range of about 37 miles, just 
short of the distance from 
Iraq's eastern border to the 
center of the city . which 
houses the largest air base in 

Residential Aparttnents 

"Update ~rds" are now being sent to all students 
on the Residential Apartments Waiting Ust This Is 
housing for couples. families. and graduate students 
located at Coast. Mesa. and the campus Apartments. 

If you do not receive an update card in the mail. 
please contact roIt at 206 (the Housing OfIlce) or 

x2952. 

Introducing 
...-.--Lc Pen---. 

suggested retail .79 
. our price .54 

micro fine tip, 3mm 
smudge pr9<)f 

black, red, green, & brown 

available at the 

GENERAL STORE 
In the Student Center 
across from Bike Shop 

~Thurs, 11-4 pm 

the Middle East. 
Tehran radio said Majlis 

speaker Hashemi Rafsanjani 
condemned the ' attack on 
Dezful and linked it to debate 
on the hostages. 

Ferns support 
Carter-now 

WASHINGTON -Presi· 
dent Carter is winning late-
hour endorsements in critical 
electoral states from 
feminists who are only 
lukewarm abou t his policies 
but are turned off by the 
thought of Republican 
Ronald Reagan's election. 

In recent days, feminists in 
Florida , Massachusetts, New 
York, Pennsylvania and 
California have announced 
their suPeort for Carter in a 

bid to in11uence voters who 
are undecided or who plan to 
support independent candi· 
date John B. Anderson. 

Feminists in Michigan, 
Ohio and Wisconsin were 
expected to do the same in the 
next few days. 

Israeli pres. 
tours Egypt. 

CAIRO .. Ellypt - Israeli 
President Yltzhak Navon 
arrived here yesterday for 
five days of talks with 
Egyptial officials. as well 'as 
tours of ancient tombs and 
temples in the outh of Egypt. 

He was met by President 
Anwar Sadat and an official 
welcoming party that 
included the entire Egyptian 
Cabinet. prominent parha· 

mentarians and the staff of 
the eight·month.old Israeli 
Embassy in Cairo. 

Nuke hearing: 
What is next? 

SAN LUIS OBISPO -
After six days of conflicting 
testimony, hearings on the 
earthquake safety of the 
Diablo Canyon nuclear 
power plant have ended with 
opponents doubtful of the 
outcome. 

The Atomic Safety and 
Licensing Appeal Board 
closed its hearings Saturday. 
The earthquake safety of the 
nearly completed $2 billion 
plant. with the offshore 
Hosgri quake fault three 
miles away, was called into 
question last year. 

As many visits as you need for one yur ... S3S orr gJasses ... FREE designer glasSes (Renaissance 
Yves st. Lauren) .. .5ame day service ... astlgmatlsm consultation ... deluxe care Idts, .. tralnlng 

by experienced wearers of Bausch & Lomb lenses 

And ask about: our extended replacement policy, and the ~ GOlDEN I.£NS-wIth the 
highest water content of a government approved lens, for ionger hours 

Mira Mae/Clairanont 
Mira Mesa Blvd, Stc. 107 

across from K-Mart 
Dr. Alan LcvathII O.D., Inc. 
Dr. Ncvllie Cohen, O.D. 

14 twl: 566-9900 

r-----------~---------------, I . I 
I 1 \Neek special I 
I I 
: 1/2 off·all : 
I I 
: permanent waves : 
: call for appoinonent I 
I I L ___________________________ ~ 

CALIPORNIA HAIR CREATIONS 
(formerly ZOOM 2000 Hair Designs) 

7419 u Jolla Boulevard 
459-9426 

wecialjzjng in: Open Tuesday thru Saturday 9:00 am to 5:00 pm 
Haircutting. Perms. Thursdays until 9:00 pm Using only ~ best 
Frosting. Color, ,W.,REDKEN ~a. Braiding and 'M" 
Weaving BrIng this .. to ,..Ive • 

....... Discount on your tint vi... products 



WEEKLY 
CALENDAR 

Meetlnqs 
MONDAY 
ta •• n--\A:lC2r InfonnIIIon RaItt SpeakerslLMry KapIIoff 
and Bob CoIIsan. DebaIeI Among pre5IdentlaI c.n:IIdate 

~ InronnItIon rabies. Come and help deddel 
SIudent cerur ~ d. noon. Mo~. 
...... -M.tjer irMtes ." llUtested students, faculty and 
.." ID meet and discuss Itle pIarnng of evena for Mijer. 
LocaIon: Women's Center. 
...... -w.e. CCUlCII permanent meeting. All iJle 
Mtoorne. location: w.e 4OS. 

... " -<orne to the Women's Resource Center general 
. rneeung and take part In 011 program and actMties this Fall. 
We wW be sponsoring two COl tetel as this quarter: Nov. 5 
- \MJmen In non-tradtlonaI jobs Ispea/cers Including Dr. 
Mary WIIShokI and Nov. 13 - Women's VIdeo Conference 

I~ and \/Ideo tapes from Sensor d LA and U.C.S.D. 
womenJ Both COIIfeI elKes will be held at the International 
CenIer from 7;00-10:00. Rnd out more about 011 events at 
Che general meetlngl 

...... ~an organilatlon me«I,;g: Rm meeting. Get 
ac:quaIrUd wIIh retIow Korean students. Election ofofllcers 
and ewnt piII*ing. LocatIon: Nor1tI COII'elellCe Room. 
AanIssIon; Free. 

,.,..--.a.y Students ofU.c.s.O. General meeting tonIte at 
the InCemIdonII CerUr. We'll be dscussIng upcoming 
ac:IMdes including our next b!rTIftc pottJdt See)lil ~I 

~-fnCemItionaI Club ~etJng. RNI meeting 
beIote ~Jeen party. Get InIIoII.<ed - get a dIscot.ntJ 
I..oQIIon; InIemIdanaI CerUr. 

711" -Model U.N. MeetIng; OJr au1by *ld the 
Iq)Ia for he .n8I COt lleer Itt' will be announced. Also; 
HSC ]rd ComnJaee SImuIIdon on "Cruel. Jntunane or 
Degradtlg ltRtnletlt 01 PUnIsh,Jenl."loadan: USB 3010. 

11 .... w.e ~ ~Ig ao.rd Mf9. All 
w.ren Apt. A!Sidents .e MICOInef LocatIon: W.e. Apt 
11K. CetUr. 
PtIII 0' .. Student CerUrBoard sub-cDmrnIaee long 
IW9 pIIrnng and spiIcr IIIocaIon. TuesdIys. 3:00 pm. 
lDaIIon; a.ne Col ifefet Ice 1tJom. 

'IVBD~y 
...... -<Jrde K need5 you. Circle K Is worIdng with 
~ people. helping to raise money fer ~ and 
wortdng wItt'I SpecIal C>I.Yn1JIcs. Come lind out more about 
ClIde I(J Joln us at this meeting at ReIIeIIe InformajLDunge. 
.... III~ CIIm meeting fbIIowed ~ a ft'ee slide 
show and clsaJssion preentftI ~ the NatIonal OJtdoor , 
leadership Sct100J INOlSJ. LocatIon: Ret Gym Conference 
Rcom. 

•• IIp_Unlon ot Jewish Students meeting. All 
"rrtestrd students en IrMted to attend our weekly 
planning meeting. It you woulCl Nke to bec:ome inII'oIved. but 
can't attrnd the meeting. or ")'OU need more InformatJon. 
please call Che UJS omce at 452-3616. l.ocatlon: Grad 
StudMt conrerence Rm., near Itle RegIstrar's omce. 
.... p ... -Spanlsh Club: Dr. Susan KIrkpatrick (Ilteraturel 
will speak on "EI MovImiento Femista EspanoI." Location: 
Beagle Hall Apartment. 

MDNUDAY . 
IZnoon-EMS~ planning meeting. All welcome. 
l.ocatlon: 327 TeSS (Econ wlldlngl. 
I ....... ~ultural and Ethnic Arts Committee meeting at 
south Conf. Rm. In Itle Student Center Bldg. B. 
4tO ....... ~ Vlr¥ is )OUr record CXH)p. Members 
meet each Wednesday at 4:00 pm in the N . Conference 
blm. New men1)ers always welcome. 
....... -Israel Action Committee: For those Interested in 
the present and future of Israef. If you want to help, show 
your support and rome to the ~ng. For Inbrmation call 
the lAC Ofnce at 452-3616. Locatlon: Fishbowl, Muir 
CarJ1)US. aaoss from MOM. . 

.......... -Students for EOerg( AIternatlIIesI We are a 
!J"OUP of concerned students 'Nho seek to edJcate 
ourselYes and other students on er1erg( Issues and 
alterr1atives we face ~. Come join us in our Informal 
meeting to d1swss our newsletter "Energ,o, " library and film 
series. IDatlon: Student Center ~ /bod CXH)p. 
1IOCIpIft-Food Co-op: General meeting. HaII<Jween party 
upcoming. Discuss add. for i~. Location: Student 
Cerur Food Co-<>p. 

"'''.I~ee Food Ibr ethrlicaIly diverse peopIel Rf!llelle 
ThIrd World Alliance presents U.S. One-to-one in the 
RelleJIe Fo~lnformaJ iDlI1ge. AdmIssion: Free. 

........ ~rman Club: -"drianus Schrlef (Dramal wird 
~ das daJtsche Theater ~. Location: Beagle Hall 
~ , 
"III' au....-Student Cenw Board sub-Committees 
IlJdget. Thursd¥ at 10:00 am. lOCation: Student Center 
Director's OfIIce. 

THURSDAY 
1 z.11OOpIIt-W~ Corrmuter Brd. Meeting In 405 A 
Warren Cafl1)US (rigtl aaoss from the Pro.Icst OffIcel. All 
comments are welrome. 
'IOOpIIt-Sodetyfor ~ofManagernentjV\M1 
presentS Tom Yolllg. an entjIIleeI with Generral D,namics, 
to speak on "How to Make a Meeting E~," 
mreshments following. HL-1402. All \I\oI!lcome. 
, ........ ~ and partyIess on nusday7 Come to the 
Dat1c Star meeting. This Is UCSD's only Sdence RaJon Club 
so don't miss us. For additional Info. call Edna. lDcation: 

~Ie InformallDLflge. 
._ .. -french Club: Prof. Hubert Halkln (Mathl will 
speak on " aipinlsme." Location: Beagle Hall Apartment. 
.. all a ... ,.,. Student Center Board SUIXommittee 
ComrYUlity ReIatIons/OUtreach. Frid¥ at 3:00· pm. 
L.oeatIon: VIce Chancellor's Conference Rm. (~Irs in 
Student Centerl. 
.. all au.,.,. Student Center Board Slb-committee Co-
ops and etltefprlses. SUnd¥ at 7:00 (~0Itler wee!<l. 
Next meeting Nov. 2 at the Che Cafe. 

Religion 
nlnDAY 
1Z11oon - PERSPECTIVES IN REUGION DISCUSSION 
SERIES: Speaker; Dr. Alden Mossharnmer, History Dept 
Bring III1Ch. coffee prOliided. Location: Student Center 
Building B, North Conference /t>om. Admission: Free. 
' ...... -T.G.I.T.jThank God It's Tuesd"ll. Comejoln us 
for an hour of Am. fellowship and challenge as v.e Impact 
UCSD with the Christian lifestyle. Sponsored by Campus 
Crusade Ibr CtV"/st. Location: P&L 1110. 
.,000IpJlI-cartloIlc BIble St~. Locatlon: lJnIversIty 
Lutheran Church. ~ion: Free. 

w.IINaDAY 
.... , ....... ~ Jewish Concepts: A class led ~ 
RlbIli MoW leider of Chabad. ThIs is an InbmaI 
cMso!Ulon dass, so bring )<Ill questJor.. All Ii1bet ested 
peopI! welcome. QJesdons: Call the UJS 0tIIce, 452-3616. 
tpcation: P&L 2322 AdmIssIon: Free. . 

'lHUW'lMY 
la •• ........u::sp tarulty and starr U1cheon ~atlIIng Dr. 
Han)' McSorley. professor d Refiglous Studies at l.k1iYersity 
of Toronto. speaIdng on the topic: "Is Catt'IoIIc/Pr0te5ta1lt 
Recor\dllatlon PossibIe7' Tetephone reservatJons for kJnch 

~ Wednesday, 452-2521 (0fIIce of RelIgious MairsJ. or 
453-0561 or 453-1855. 
4IOO,..-<hr1stian Sdence MeetIng in the Game Ibom 
Coiltetellce Itxlm. Admission: Free. 

PlllDAY 
CaMry Chapel BIble ~. location: Game room 
Conference Room. 5nIdent Center. . 

.... p .. ....Qneg Shabbat. The UJS proudly presents !tIeir 
HallcMftn Oneg Shabbat. E~~ Interested is welcome 
to pin us. Please bring some food Ibr the \IIeggIe potIudc 
following the service. FOr more Informatlon, call the UJS 
OfIIce, 542-3616. (Yes, you should wear a costumel. 
Locat/on: Chanceflor's Conference 1m. A -"dmlsslon Free. 

, •• Opllll-inervarsity /Trlde~t Christian Fellowship 
meeting. Christ as the basis for Fellowship. location: 
Informal LDunge, Relelle. 

SA~Y 
'lOOpIII~athoIIC Mass,lk1iII'ersity Lutheran Church. 
9595 La Jolla Shores DrIve. 

SUNDAY 
....... -Cathollc Mass. LkWersIty Lutheran Church. 
9595 La Jolla Shores DrIve. 

10100M1-lutheran CommunIon service to bt held at 
Llnlversity Lutheran Olurch. 9595 La ..blla Shores Dr., 
across the street from UCSD. All are welcome. (Nov. 21· 
100 ...... ~athollc Mass, lJrliverslty Lutheran Church. 
9595 La ..blla Shores Drille. 

Unoon-Episcopal Eucharist, University Lutheran 
Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores [)rille. 
lIOOpIII-Catholic Mass, U'1Iverslty Lutheran Church. 
9595 UI Jolla Shores DrIve. 

Lectures 
MONDAY 
111OO-1ZIOO. " .... 100 EMSSA Is sponsoring a 
recruiter from Princeton's Woodrow \X.o11son School of Public 
and I~I Ntairs to describe their grac1Jate 

·programs. 1Dcatlon: 119 TCSS jUt. Bldg.1 

1Znoon-VOTER INFORMATION RALLYlIISPEAKERSI 
Larry Kapilotf and Bob \XIilson. ~batel Among presidential 
candidate representatives. INFORMATION TABLESII 
Student Center, Hump at noon on Mond"l. 
1 z..an -A public meeting with Socialist Workers Party 
Candidate Mark Friedman. Mark is ruming against 
Klansman Tom Met2ger in the 43rd Congressional DistriQ 
He will expose Metzger's racist sexist. and an~unitvl 
stands in an atte""t to ronsolidate all forces against lilt 
Klan. location: North Conference /t>om. 

'T1IUDAY 
'.'2p111-CONTlt.A.CEP~ EDlXATION SESSION: 
Informal discussion. all truSt ~ to receNe birth COntrol 
seMces and men are encouraged to attend as well. N:> 

~l necessaty, located in the ronfereru room at ttl!! 
UCSD Student Health Cenw. 

1p_Warren Farrell dlswsses his Uf'l)arallel research on 
Incest l.ocation: Muir Apt. Lounge, MJlr CoHo 
4pnI-"TraJectO/Y Calculations for Molecular Dynamic\" 
host - Dr. Doug Magde. ext 3199. 

_DNaDAY 
1 Z1iGan-Ruid Mechanics of Drag. Part II . Location: Roan 
7104, Urey Hall. 
12-11OC1p1n-Student Affirmative Action Rally at the Gym . 
steps. Students from W.R.c.. B.S.U .. Medla, A.A.S.A" and 

am-4IJOp1ft-O.A.SIS Writing Center offers free 
Ibr all UCSD students who need pre-writing help, 

.... ~Dnr· .. < on drafts, and ~tlng a<Mce. We engage arry 
and ~ kind of writing problem. 

.'_DtVK are ~ appointment only. Call 452-2284 or 
t:Ij 4010 USB to make an appointment. 

TARGET STUDY SKILLS 
COYering TectDook and Lecture Notetaklng f!tIefY 
me hour from 1~3pm in 4010 USB. IndMc1Ja1 

available. call 452-2284 or come ~ 4010 USB 
more information. ~es are tree. 

~ses hotllne - A grammar 
service for help with dialon, grammar and 

To reach Grammar Moses, call 452-
the hours of 1-4:00. Mond"f-Frld"f . 
-...~ .... ,~ ~ the ~IS Writing Center . 

a :OOII)M·-Hlebr·ew Club Dovrel lYrit. Come join us If 
interested in learning and/or speaking Hebrew. We 
Hebrew scrabble (for begimlng and aQ.ianced 

help with homework, and a chance to practice 
conversational skills. Call tnt WS Office at 452-3616 

more information. Location: Fishbowl, Muir campus. 

10-. noon Hebrew Club: Dovrei Ivrit. See Mond"l, 3-
5 pm. location: Fishbow l, Muir Campus. 
'-4rOOpm-Grammar Moses Hotline - A grammar 
hotline phone-in service for help with dialon, grammar and 
punauation problems. To reach Grammar Moses, call 452-
2284 betY.Ieen the hours of 1:()()-4:00, Mond"l-Friday. 
Sponsored ~ the OASIS Writing Center. 
2,OOplft-" How to Utili ze Student Services." 
Guestspeaker: Pat Osterveen, UCSD EOP recruiter. 
location: Oasis 3rd Place. 

PIIIDAY 

Oasis Writing Center offers free services for 
ail UCSD students wIlo need pre-writing help, conferences 
on. ~afts, and editing advice. we engage any kind of 
WTlting and any kind of writing problem. Conferences are 

~ appointment only. Call 452-2284 or rome ~ 4010 USB 
to make an appointment. . 

l-4rOOpnt-Grammar Moses I-t:ltline. A grammar and 
punauation phone-In service Ibr help with dition, grammar 
and punctuation problems. ·To reach Grammar Moses, call 
452-2284. Sponsored ~ OASIS \Xititing Center: 

Recreation 
N-\SU will address Issues of concern to their groups th~ _ IESDA., MOj\lDAY 
efection year. 1he Women's Resource Center will speak to 
the issues of the E5RA and Reproductilll! Rights. Be there at 
12:001 

4aOO1P"'~SD New POetry Series : Bill Berkson reading at 
RtNelle Formal lounge. 
...... -eomplexlties in the Mechanism of ~composition 01 
Free Radical Initiators." I-t:lst: Dr. MJrr"l Goodman, ext 
4466.104 TLH. 

' ........... -Rebuilding Jerusalem: Past. present and 
flAlre. IV1 Israel Action Committee Colfeehouse with Dr. 
YlgaI ShIloh, \I1siting Professor of Hlstoly at UCSD. \MIO will 
dscuss the diSCO\lely and preservation of the historical sittS 
of Jerusalem, For more Information, call the lAC Office 
452-3616. location: Chanceflor's Conference Rm. A. UCSO. 
Admission: Free. Coffee and Donuts iMtilable for small 
donation. 

TH&MSDAY 
........ -The Yoga Club pmena: Shamar Rinpoche, a 
TIbetan ~ lAna and bremost studer( of the H.H. 
GyaIWa Kasmapa of the ~ Whease, will speak on his 
phiIosopty and tradition. lDcation: Fore/g1 Student Cent~ 
iDunge, 

7IOOp .. -5ocIety for Advancement ot Management (SAM, 
presents T9"I Young. an eI JgIneer with General Dynamics 
to speak on '1-t)w to Make a Meeting Etfectivt: 
Refreshments roIlowing. HL-1402 All welcome. 

... DAY 
1Z1'.on ' 'Struct1R and Function of Chromatin." Host 
Dr. Mi""l Goodman, ext. 4466. 2100 Basic Sdeoce Bldg 

Entertainment 
MONDAY 
tZnoon-Electlon INFO~l1ON FORUMI SP£AJ(ERS 
- LMIy Kapilorr (State AssembIyI and Bob \X.o11son (for 
Cmgresl. OE8.'\TEI Among Carter/Anderson/Reagill 
representatNes. Plus INFOR~ TION TABL£SI Come and 
learn about the facts at the Student Center Humpl 

n.sDAY 
' ..... ~atJonal Outdoor leadership SdlooI (NOLS' 
will be presenting a free slide show and dIsc1Ission 
sponsored ~ the UCSD Outing Clib In the Rec. Gym 
Conference Room: AdmIssion: Free . 

.,....aDAY 

............ VIolin. Percussion & Dance - Janos Neg;eSY. 
Daryl Pratt, Joel Bluestone and men1)ers of International 
Society for Art experiment. LDcation: Mandeville 
Auditorium. SI.OO at the door. 

PlllDAY 
........ -fnternatlonal Club presents: A MJltinational 
Mitants Party. A costuned Halloween Party. Prizes, games. 
refreshments, and dancing. All International studentrs are 
urged to attend. Everyone welcomel. Location: 
international Center, 51.00 at the door. 

"OOpIft-Annual THIRD ' COUEGE HALLOWEEN 
DMlCE & COSTUME CONTEST. Fantastic liIII! rrusic I1f 
"Avalon." reft'estments, and great prIzeS for outrageous 
costunes. Here's a chance to show ~r aeatMty, meet 
people, and ~ a goood time. Sponsored ~ ThIrd College 
Program Board. LocatJon: ThIrd College Quad. ~ 
acmIssIon. 

• , ZlI.,.. c.bm Mllr College Halloween Dance at 
Mir ~ AdmIssIon ft'ee. 

Writing Center offers free 
students who need pre-writing help, 

and ~ting a<Mce. We engage arry 
and any kind of writing problem. 

are ~ appointment only. Call 452-2284 or 
~ 40/0 USB to make an appointment. 

TARGET SKILLS Seminar 
and Lecture Notetaklng tNery hour on 

10 am to 3 pm in 4010 USB. Individual 
available. call 452-2284 or rome ~ 4010 USB 

ilformation. 5eMces are free. 
Moses Hotllne-a grammar hotUne 

for help with diction, granmar and 
rvnhl,.,nc To reach Grammar Moses, call 452- ' 

rvotu"""" the hours of 1:()()-4:OO, Mondctj-Frid"f. 
by cv.s1S writing Center. 

81atk Forum, Mountain VIew 
- 3rd College. 

Writing Center ot'fers free 
to all UCSD students INho need pre-wrltlng help. 

on drafts, and edltingacMce. We engage in arry 
of writing and arry kind of writing problem. 

are ~ appointment only. Call 452-2284 or 
~ 4010 USB tc? make an appointment. . 

TARGET STUDY SKILLS 
awerlng TectbooIc and LectlXe Notrtaklng f!tIefY 

the hour trom 1~3pm In USB. IndMclJal 
atallable. Call 452-2284 or COI1'1e ~ 4010 USB 

information. SeMces are free. 
Moses Hotllne-A g-atnmar hotllne 

for help with diction, grammar and 
orol~15. To reach Grammar Moses, call 452-

IJIot\IIlH'rIthe hours ot 1:00 and 4:00, ~. 
by the OASIS \Xh1tlng Center. 

for anthropologf mi!/OO and 
majors. If ~ are Interested in a "'*' in 

1roookx7ll lhis is an opportllllty to talk with the faculty 
of Anthropologf as well as 

Refreshments will be ser.ted. 

Writing Center otrm free 
all IXSD students who need pre-wrlting help, 

on drafts. and editing a<Mce. We engage arry 
writing and any kind of writing problem. 

are ~ appoIntrner1t only. Cal 452-2284 or 
~ 4010 USB to make an appointment. 

, ... -UCSD Cycling team easy rides for anyone Interested 
in early morning exercise. Approx 25 miles, meet at UCSD 
Bike Shop. 

12 no on-Noon conditioning will meet for praaice ~ 
d"f this wee!<, starting at 12 noon in the Wrestling Room of 
the Main gym. 

:l-1pnI-The RACQUETBALL Club will hitJe its offtcers 
meeting tod"l. Eve~ is irlllited. Starting at 2 In the REc. 
OffIce. 

"SpIn-The Table Tennis Club will be meting for an 
organizational meeting in the Rec ronference room. Come 
Join the fun. 
MrOOpm-The Gymnastics Club will be holding practice 
tNery d"f starting at 4 pm on the South BaICOf¥ofthe Main 
Gym. 

........ -The ultimate UlTIMATE FRISBEE CLUllNili be 
holding practice on boltl Mo~ and Wednesd"l from 4-6 
on ThIrd College Reid. 

...... - ~ Snow SId and Grass SId CIlA» will meet tonight 
at 6 pm in HL 1402. Come and join inl 
.'C1p111-The Israeli Folkdance Club will hold a practJte 
~ starting at 8:00 In Itle Rec Conference Room. 

n.SDAY 
. 12 noon-Noon Conditioning win ~ for practice t!IIef'j 
d"f ttlis weet< In the \Xitestling ~ of the Main Gym. 
....... -Tatlie Tennis Club is holding practice tNery d"l In 
the Rec Conference /t>om. 
.......-The Gymnastics Club will be holding praalce 
tNery d"f on the South BaICDr¥ of the Main Gym. 
......... The JlDO CLUI will hold practia on boltl 
Tuesd"l and Thursd"l, starting at 5 In the \XitestJIng Room 
In Itle Main Gym. 

..... -TENNIS CLUI. It's not too late to hop onto tnt 
Temis Club's ladder. Men's Women's, Open divisions. Rnd 
out about the upcoming mixer double tournament I 
Meeting tod"l at 5pm In the Rec:. Conferern room. join 
UCSD's fastest growing new dub. 
.I ..... -Tonlgtl Is Racquetball Club night at Itle 
Sorrento Vailey Racquetball Club. All members irlllited. PI"f 
for three hours for $2. Carpools will meet at Urey Hall 
mailbox at 7:45 pm. 

JUNIORS 
$20,000 sc'holarshlps ••• 
Engineering, Physics and 

Chemistry Majors 
Why walt till after you graduate to get paid for your ski lls? The NavyNucleCW" Power Program Isoffenng 
fi nancial suppolt plus all active duty benefits to front·runnlng students In the majors listed above. No 
uni forms, no haircuts, no .. allis." You continue to do your bestasa student free from any distractions 
and get paid for It! In addition, you ~e guaranteed a commission as an officer In the nuclear Navy' 
InclUding a full year of post'graduate engineering training. ReqUiremerts complete sophomore ye; 
With an OIIeraU GPA of 33 or better C3 0 In technical courses), U.S. Citizenship, 27 years Old upon 

graduation, male only ( inVolves duty In combat vesse ls) 

Up to $830 pcr month or more for I years! 
Call Pat Hale at 293-6444. 

NAVY OFFICERS GET RESPONSIBIUTY FAST ........ 
'. 

• 

WEDNESDAY 
12 noon-Noon Conditioning will meet for praaice ~ 
day this INeek in the WrestUng Room of tnt Main Gym: 
JpIft-Men's Intercollegiate Soccer \IS. Point loma COllege, 
MJIr Field. Admission free. 
Jp ... -(Oct. 29, Men's Interrol/egiate Soccer \IS. IX 
R~rslde. Muir Field. admission free. 
4p ... -1he ARCHERY CLUJ meeting Is tod~1 We ~ 
bales. and are re~ to shoot. ..bIn us for an organizational 
meeting at 4 pm In the Rec:. Conference /born. 
4p1ft...... The Gymnastics Club wiN be holding practice 
every d"l on the South BaICDr¥ of the Main Gym. 
........ - The ultimate ULTIMATE FRISBEE CLUJ will be 
holding practice on both Mo~ and W~from 4-6 
pm on Third College Flefd. 
.... lplft~k/do Club has a practia toditt in the 
wrestling room in the Main Gym. 

THURSDAY 
12 noon-Noon conditioning will ~ for practice ~ 
day this INeek In the Wrestfing ~ of tnt Main Gym. 
4-6p1n-The Gymnastics Club will be holding practia 

~ day on the South BaICDr¥ of the Main Gym. 
......... ~ampus recreation is sponsoring a ~ on 
Yoga with speaker Shamar Rinpoche. It stlrts at 4 pm In the 
International Center. 
..,4Ip1ft-The JlDO CLUJ will hold practice on boCt1 
Tuesd"l and Tro/ld"f, starting at spm in tnt Wresalng 
Room of the Main Gym. 

- .'Opm-The Juggling Club will hold a practice ~ 
tonight, starting at 8 in the Wrestling Room of the Main 
Gym. 
.ICIpIII-Tonlgtt is Racq~tball Club nig"f at Itle 
Sorrento Valley Racq~1 Club. All members irMted. ~ 
for three hoursl carpools wiN meet at Urey Hall mailbox at 
7:45 pm. Admission: S2.00 

,.DAY 
12 noon-Noon conditioning will ~ for practia t!IIef'j 
d~ this weet< In the Wr~tling /born ot tnt Main Gym. 
....... - The G)mnastics Club will be holding practice 
every d"l on the South ~ of the Main ~ . 

IAlUIIDAY 
2,II-Economlcs and Management SCience 
StudentjFaculty Soccer Game. Warren Field (east,. 
...... -The Boldng Club will hold Its prac:tice session 

~ in the -"daptlve Ibom of the Main G)m. 

Sports 
PlllDAY 
'''''''-Men's intercollegiate Waterpolo \IS. College All 
Stars. (Pool,. Admission: Free. 
, ...... -\XIomen's Interrollegiate \/t)"e)OaIl \IS. Cal. 
Lutheran College In the Main Gym. 

SATURDAY 
"....-Men's Soccer \IS. Fresno Pacific College at Muir 
Field. 
lpIft-Women's intercollegiate \A:l1Ie)/t>aI1 \IS. WesbylOnt In 
the Main G)m. . 

Please recycle 

this newspaper 

The 
Precision 
Haircut 

(includes shampoo, conditioner It cut) 
for guys and gals at 

La Jolla CUTIING Company 
call for appointment. 

737 Pearl St. 
456-1170 

,---------------, 
, coupon I 
, blow dry Included , 
l with coupon. Long hair 
L~~!!t!~~r .!>~o~_«!II. 



MX ~issile flaws hidden by hi-tech . 
coatiauecl from paJe 3 irretrievably alter their way also claimed that the charged that the expensive 

. of 11'6e," computer method was overly Landsat photos were more coll ..... ion and the amount of I ' ed f I " II d t'" 
..... Michael Perrone, a staff expensive and was destgll use u as wa ecora Ions field study, Buffington, for I 'd ff ' merely to gt' \'1! a veneer of than as scientific assessment continued from page 2 instance, char....! that he biologist who was al 0 m a I I h . 

&"'" staff cutback in September, scientific analysis witout too s. or more are e sew ere In the 

Cuba's 
'misfits' 
waslimitedtojustthreei~y~ complained that wildlife offering an adequate According to Perrone, camp and some may have :e~~~~d'i~~o B~r;:ul~f studies were incomplete or scientific base. much of the analysis which been in maximum security 
Land Manqement office in too short in duration to yield . Buffington termed t,he was based on Landsat and detention, even isolation, in a 

and . meaningful results, All the SRM.method an "obfuscation SRM amounted, in the end, jail closed to reporters wh ich 
Nevada, was unable to staff memO bers interviewed tactic" designed to hide the to "guesswork," the Cubans have labeled 
oonduct any meaningful local · f' d U t J n G t "H t I f 

complained of inadequate site lack of scienti IC ata, Several versions of a draft nO e .or US 0 - 0 e or ~fWl::' surveys on "quality visits. Staff members interviewed report , have been prepared, No Reason ," 
A freq U en t l y ci t ed also criticized management's say staff members, though no The INS holds that these In his resignation letter f h 0 t 't 

B f ' crl' tl'cI'sm of the study's decision to use sophisticated draft statement has yet been re ugees ave n cons I u, written in June, u fmglon t ' al . ht t ' l th 
methodology I'nvolved use of Landsat high · altitude released for pu, blic review. IOn rig s un I ey are expressed "disappointment ttled It claps them ' 
a computer analysis called photography. They claimed Concern over the HDR rese . In in not being able to do and. h ' h 't lis 'th the Site Ranking Method the Landsat imagerv handling of the MX study has Ig secun y ce WI no community research regar . f.' d' . I ed eofan k' d (SRM), developed principally provided insufficient detail also been expressed by JU ICla proc ur y In ing the massive social· h th I'S trouble Th 

structural and personal by HDR management ~or the for adequate study, particu· outside sources, including w en ere . e 
II purpose of comparmg a larlyinconiunctionwiththe theUtahStateMXCoordina. Cuban teenagers w ere impacts the MX project wi t ted ,'n the compo d have in the small communi· variety of project impacts to - lack of held verification ting office. Ann Keegan, staff segrega un , 

ties of Nevada-Utah. I believe al ternat ive proj ect si tes, checks, Less esoteric aerial econom ist, stated that "they formerly a high security area, 
this omission," he said, Various scientific staff photography, coupled with (HDR) have not fostered any on July 15. The coiled 
"denies the residents ofthese members interviewed more field trips , they said, dialogue between profes· concertina w ires were 

char....! that the SRM data would have yielded more . sional level staffs insideHDR supposed to have been 
communities participation in 5..... removed but never were base was m· adequate and of useful data. and outside in other , . the EIS nrnt'QQQ for siting a 0 er the summer 

... ~ questl'onahle vallie. They One current staff scientist agenci!!s," v a ieryiiiii.Piro~ectiitlhalt.wli1.1 i •••• ~.i ... ii.ni~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!~!!!!!!!!!!!!~l governor's task force, publ ic 

Chinese LMguag • .wei 
1 ClCS OFFERS: Cultur.1 Studies 

~ RNsonabl~ ~IVS and tra\I'eI. 
~£. ConcMl'ated study In Taiwan. Arcwnd 
'?f Extensille course listing, ..---,.-,. 
{ ~U~cr~t ~~ , ~~ 
n . For tr~ pamphlet and ~ling: q ..... n. 
~ Chlnee ~ and Cultural Studies 
2.) P,O. Box 15563. long ~ach. CA 9OS15 
'lI Telepnont (2131 597-3361 ( 

FREE offer expires 1,0 November, 1980 
----, 

Racquetball with 
this coupon. 
ANYTIME 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I. 

I ca~ play for : 
the price of 1. I ______________ -1 

;L 

\ . 

Sorrento Court House 
10999 Sorrento Valley Road 

455-1551 
Jay's ' 

Country 
Deli 

1030 Torrey Pines Rd, at Herschel 
La Jolla 454·4971 

---buy one of our delicious sandwiches---, 
receive the second one (same value I 

or less) FREE. Or ... buy one trip to our I 
I salad bar, and receive another free, I 
I I 
... Valid any day tifUr 3 pm, and all (lay S,,,,dtzy. ~ 

Coupon expires 
11-7 Novnnber 1 1980 

Joyce A. Peterson, D.D.S. 
Ronald E. Peterson, D.D.S. 

General Dentistry 
for Adults & Children 

open Mon-Fri 8 to ~ . 
Saturday & evenings by appointment 

call 455-9614 

I 
IA JoIo ""- o.t.c 

within ,walking distance frc;»m UCSD 

La Jolla Village Professional Center 
Suite 1105 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive 
La Jolla, CA 91037 

SOFT 
CONTACT LENSES 

Special 
Offer 

includes: 
soft len~ - care kit 

Plano sunglasses 
fallON up care 

and e><aminations 

Robert M. H~Ier, 0 ,0. 
Lower Level 
La Jolla Village Square 
452·7374 

Residential Aparbllents 

"Update cards" are now being sent to all students 
on the Residential Apartments waiting ust. This is 

housing for couples. families, and graduate students 
located at Coast. Mesa. and the campus Apartments. 

If)'Ou do not receive an update card In the mall. 
please contact rat at 206 (the Housing Office) or 

x2952, 

health service researchers 
and other observers charged 
that juveniles at McCoy had 
been subjected to beating 
and multiple homosexual and 
heterosexual rape and had 
made frequent suici de 
attempts. 

SinceJuly, their treatment 
has improved little, to judge 
from three days last month, 
On September 30, it was 
disclosed that two Cubans, a 
boy and a girl, both 17, had 
been handcuffed, arms 
outstretched, to an outside 
chain I ink fence for five hours 
the night before, The two 
said that they had gotten in to 
a fight with two security 
guards who were ransacki ng 
the possessions 'of three gay 
minors accused of steali ng 
from the mess hall. Those 
three were sprayed with 
chemical mllce and held in 
isolation overnight thougn 
they were never questioned 
about the incident. 

On Oct. 1, 13 Cuban 
minors paced in one cell in 
Hotel />Or Gusto punched a 
hole through the wall into a 
bathroom. ' Public defender 
DaVid Niblack, who saw the 
scene minutes later, said, 
"The kids had been stripped 
naked and ' maced , and were 
lying bare holding cells with 
water all over them," 

State Department official 
have not disclosed how long 
the kids were in the cell, but 
on Thursday during the 
custody hearings one of 
them, 17, crouched down in a 
corner with long sobs. He 
said he had been in the cell 
two months , He w as 
transferred to a mental 
health ward where the 
supervising psychiatrist said 
that he would be kept under 
chemiCal constraints. 

"They need care," said 
Niblack, "The Cu ban 
government has dealt with 
these problem kids by usi ng 
them to play a political joke 

, on the US. And now our 
federal government is giving 
them worse treatment with 
no more moral justification," 

The Cubans who live in the 
compound 'don't speak 
Enghsh. They have had few 
structured activities to calm 
them or prepare them for life 
in the United States, A few 
are illiterate in Spanish, but 
on the whole they are well · 
educated for their ~s. 

On Oct , 2, Ju e Rice 
ordered that the ids be 
removed from the cam p 
within 21 days. They will be 
state-sponsored into foster 
care or group homes around 

Monday, October 27, 1980 The Daily Guardian 

Women spikers take two 
BY SAMANTHA ROBY 

Senlor Stall Write<-
Avenging an earlier sea on 

10 s, the UCSD women's 
volleyball team downed 
California Lutheran College 
in the Main Gym in straight 
game ofl6·14, 15·3and 15·13 
Friday night. In other 
weekend action, they 
defeated Westmont College 
Saturday in four games 8·15, 
15-11, 15·8 and 15·16. 

The Tritons anxiously 
started the first game against 
Cal Lutheran. It was obvious 
that Cal Lutheran was 
outclassed, bu t UCSD made 

theirfavor 15·14, but couldn't 
complete their attempt at a 
victory. This was followed by 
10 minutes of serve and 
side·out , The home team 
finally emerged victoriou 
from the me ,16·14, 

Buoyed up by the win in 
Game One , the Tritons 
roared off to a 10·0 lead in the 
second game behind the 
serves and sets of LuLu 
Schwartz and a sample of 
impeccable Triton team· 
work. _ 

to 14·13 but could not do 
anything with it. After 
seve ral side·outs, UCSD 
finally fini s hed off Cal 
Lutheran, 15· 13. 

Surfers win . 
The urfing team in · 

creased their league record to 
6-0 with two victorie in a 
dose contest on Saturday, 
UCSD gained 66 points and 
managed to sneak by Cal 
State Long Beach with 65 and 
San Diego State University 
who earned only 39 marks, 

This week in sports 
Wednesday 

SOCCl~r again t Riverside, 3 pm on Muir Field. 
Halloween 

Soccer at Whittier, 3 pm. 
Water polo against College AII ·Stars, 7 pm in the 

Natatorium, 
Fri·Sat 

Women' volleyball at Occidental Invitational. 
Saturday 

Surfing again 1 UCSD and Pepperdine, at SB at 7 am 
Men's and women's wim, SDSU relays at State, 10 am 
Cross country against Pt. Lorna, 11 am on the tracks 

behind Central Library 
Fencing again t Long Beach and Los Angeles, Main Gym 

at I pm 
Water polo againt SDSU, in the pool at 7 pm 

9 

orne careless errors and the 
score was tied early at 5·5, 

The Tritons pulled 
together and were able to 
capitalize on Cal Lutheran's 
errors to core nine quick 
points, bringing the score to 
14·5. Cal Lutheran had no 
intention of letting the UCSD 
spikers off so easily - as 
quickly as UCSD had builti~s 
lead, Cal Lutheran tore It 
down with a rally to tie the 
score again at 14·14. 

A break in the game due to 
a Cal Lutheran injury broke 
the Triton's rhythm and they 
lost their serve on the fir-st 
play after the time-out. They 
managed to recompose and 
with a series of well·executed 
shots, disposed of Cal 
Lutheran , 15·3. 

The competition was held 
under rotten conditions on 
the Golden West Street beach 
in Huntington Beach. "It was 
poor surf, the weather was 
overcast and it was foggy. 
The water was disgusting, It 
was s limy, but t hat' s 
Huntington," said Steve 
Reiss. 

Sign up now for Over-the Line 

At that point, neither team 
seemed able to take charge 
and put the game away . The 
Tritons tilted the scale in' 

The third game was the 
most trying for UCSD - the 
team got off to a much slower 
start , Schwartz's sets and 
captain Cheryl Wright's hits 
proved to be a winning 
combination as the spikers 
fought to an 11·6 lead. Then 
the Tritons began making 
mental errors again, and 
missed easy shots, 

The Tritons took the score 

5 minutes is all it takes to make }Our 
driver's license-quality photo I.D, card trom 
ar'o/ state. NO PROOF OF AGE REOUIRED. 
Also ctJailable: Press ~d Photographer 
Passes. Employee I.D. Cards. Passport Photos 
and Lamination. ----------" 

Anthony's Photo I.Do's 
4782 Clalrernont Mesa Blvd. 

277-1886 
Iqaoe Shopping Center·Upstalrs, J mile west of 1-8051 

It's time for your 
5,000 mogul 
check-up 

Skiers' 
Tune-U 
Nite 
w.dneIdClf. October 29 
7 P.II. to 9 P.II. 
AU Four .ores 

Our expert staff will get you ready 
for the coming ski season They'll 
demonstrate how you can prepare 
and maintain your own skis like a 
pro, 01.coune, our repair shops are 
always happy to do it for you, but we 
figure you'll like the time and money 
you save by dOing it yourse~, 
lid InduIdes of AlMrlc:a'a ."em 
llelaUer of 1M Year '79 - '10 
Store Hours. Mon.·m lO·9/Sat. l0-6/Sun. 12·5 

Ian DIego lanIa Ana 
3011 C1allemont Dr l235 N 1\IsUn Ave 
714n76-4611 714 / &34·1006 
lIunIIIIgIon hac:II II dondo IeacII 
8909 Adams Ave U5 Palos Verdes BlVd 
714 / 963-4555 213 1378·8551 

The meet was tight until 
the Tritons won the las t heat 
by one point. Dave Atkin, 
Geoff Biehl and Mark Adams 
took first place in their 
respective heats. In the 
kneeboard division Bill 
Lerner grabbed the top 
po ition, 

The Second Annual Intercollegiate Over·the.Line 
Tournament will be held on Sunday, Nov. 16at 9arnon the 
beach at Crown Point. Teams of three students from local 
col1~es will compete against each other in two divisions: 
Men s Open and Coed Novice (at least one woman on each 
team), Entries are $10 per team with all proceeds going to 
the Community Campership Council to help send 
disadvantaged children to summer camp, Free beer will be 
served and prizes will be awarded throughout the day. 

Entry forms are available at the Intramural Athletics 
office. The tournament is limited to the first 48 teams to 
sign up. For more information contact the 1M office. 

The University Events Office presents 

''The History of Women in Art" 

GERMAINE GREER The Obsta~le Race 
'The ltislof1J of Women In Art .. - Mly have there betn no great women artists? 
Mlo says there haven't. asks the author of The female lunuch - the point 
being that. historically. the female practitioners of the creative arts - music. 
pal nUng. poetry. etc, - have been either stlned by enforced lifestyles. exploited 
by male counterparts. or their works destroyed or "lost. .. Her talk on the suliect. 
based on her newest book. The ObstM:le RM:e. features slides or some of the 

known art of women, 

- November 6, Wednesday, 8:00 pm 
l'Iandevilie Auditorium 

• UCSD Students $2.00, Gen. Adm. $4.00 
UCSD faculty, Staff, other Students $3.00 

uro Box Office 452-4559 

Lay A...,.., ChoWb,w:a IIOW 
'-____ --' ....... ...;..._..:... _____ ...... __ ........ IIIoIj ...... ~...... • ............ u, .... ~. ~ ~ '.~t' ". 

"' ...... 



10 

Triton soccer team 
defeats Point Loma 

BY MIKE GOLDSTEIN 
Combining crisp passing with aggressive play, the UCSD 

soccer team demolished the Point Loma Cougars Wednesday 
at Muir field, 7-1. 

The victory evened the Tritons' league record at 3-3 and 
improved their seasonal slate to 4-5-1. 

The team played consistently during the game, especially 
with scoring, as Norbert Kuhnert scored his first of three 
goals just six minutes into the first half. Immediately 
following Kuhnert's goaT, teammate Zac Taylor headed in a 
comer kick, increasing the lead to 2-0. 

The score remained the same until five minutes before the 
close of the half. At that point, Point Lorna's Lucien Niang 
caught a Triton defender out of position and connected on an 
easy short-range shot, narrowing the gap to 2-1. But Niang's 
lone goal was the only offense the Cougars could muster due 
to the superior defensive display by goalie Jeff Comfort. 

Tobin Sosnick continued the Triton dominance with a long-
range goal. bringing the score to 3-1. The ass.ist went to a Point 

, Lama defenseman who deflected the shot into the rival's goal. 
Ten minutes later, Kuhnert scored two quick goals in 

suaession, raising the Triton advantage to 5-1. 
Forward Steve Z~ scored the Tritons' sixth goal on a hard 

Joog.range drive which angled off a Point Lorna defenseman's 
head directly into the upper right comer of the Cougar goal. 

The final strike was made on a breakaway by Bruce Logan. 
The game ended shortly with a 7-1 victory for UCSD. 

I · 
':'''1:8''''''''''' imaging .u .. ~ 
that can 
.. e 
darkness. 

~ 
The Daily Guardian Monday, October 27,1980 

Flag football: few clear titlists 
BY STEVE GOLDSTICK 
What's in a name? Well, for 

some of the 138 teams in 
intramural flag football this 
year, the name involves 
drugs, sex, and rock and roll. 
And the others? Well, who 
cares? 

The season i now at the 
three-fifths mark , which 
means there are two games 
left until the single 
elimination playoffs begin. 
As the weeks progress, the 
quai ity teams are being called 
from the mediocre ones. 

It is still too early to tell 
which three teams from each 
division are going to make the 
playoffs. The decision will 
not be certain until the final 
week_ But for now here's CJ 
report as to how the teams 
are faring in their respective 
leagues_ 

In the men's triple A 
Steeler league, -the Rocky 
Mountain Oysters seem to 
have a lock on first place with 
their 3·0 record. Their 
defense has given up only one 
touchdown so far this year 
and they're definitely the 
team to look out for in the 

playoffs. Right behind them 
is Chocolate City with ~ 2-1 
mark, whose only loss came 
at the hands of the Oysters. 
The third team in the 
division remains to be seen, 
because the other four 
squads are all tied with 1-2 
record . 

Undefeated Cut N' Run is 
leading the AAA Charger 
league. With the help of their 
potent offense they have 
averaged outscoring each of 
their opponents by over 20 
points. New York Hunt Club, 
who has a 25.7 point winning 
margin , and Unbeat Meat 
share 2-1 records and are the 
prime contenders for the 
other two post-season berths. 

Fifty-four teams make -up 
the men 's double A league 
with nine divisions. In most 
of the divisiqns it is clear 
concerning one or two of the 
teams that are certain to 
make the playoffs. As to who 
will fill in the other openings 
it's still anybody's ball. 

The 69'ers have risen to 
the occasion in each of their 
three Ram division contests. 
The MP's and TDH & Co. are 

Imagine your .-a_ 
designing the 
radars that 
sweep the _ ... ,._ 
of the free 

Im~Jline yourself 
at Hilghes 
· .. wor1<ing on innovations thai could change the WOI1d. 
· .. taking advantage ot Hughes' continuing education 
program - one of the finest in the country. 
· .. enjoying the Southern California lifestyle. 

• 

See your placement 011 lee lor an appointment. 

AtH~. . 
your Mure Is limited only by your IrMgII MItIori. 
r------------------, 
I 

: HUGHES 
I I 

~-- ---------------- ~ HUGHES AIRCR AFT COMPANY 
Proof of us Clllzenship Aequlred 
Equal Opportunity E.mpto~f 

Hughes AIm.n Compeny, P.O. Box 10515, Loa Angeles, CA 10008. 

pre ently tied for second with 
2-1 records. 

In the Cowboy league, the 
DKKlomats hold first placE' 
in front of the 2-1 marks of 
the Sportscast ers and 
Wildcats. A decisive game 
will be the DKK's vs. the 
Sportscasters, scheduled for 
this weekend. 

Tied for first place in the 
S'ronco division are the Red 
Ruffin Flakes (3-0) and the 
Cunning Linguists, who have 
yielded only 6 points so far . 
Before the sea on, the Go 
Nads (I -2) were favored to 
win this division, but due to 
injuries, any hope of a 
comeback seems dim. 

Poles No Holes (3-0) is 
dominating the Falcon 
division, while the Razor-
backs and Card Hocks are 
both at 2-1. 

In the Oiler division, ' the 
most perverted of the AA 
league in terms of appellants, 
Anonymous is undefeated 
while the Marshers and 
Beaver Fever II (2-1) are tied 
for second. With two games 
left, the Behring Bastards, 
Dartmouth Exchange, and 
the Hot Balls still have a 

_chance to turn their hopes 
around. 

The Bucaneer division has 
the Suck Muck Dicks (no 
relation to Beaver Fever II) 
and The Express tied for first 
with 3-0 records . The 
Express has an impressive 
point winning average of 
21.7. Eldo's Orchid Pump-
kings and Graphite share 
first place in the Patriot 
division. 

Giving up only seven 
points and scor1ng 105 in the 
first three weeks are the Wha 
Koos, who find themselves in 
first place in the Giants 
division. They are considered 
the team to beat during 
playoffs. 

Meanwhile, in the less 
competitive men's A league 
the Q-Ludatics reign with an 
undefeated mark of 3-0 in the 
Packer division. Ringwraiths 
and Funkapus are doing well 
with records of 2-l. 

Pink. Steel, (3·0), via their 
overpowering defense, find 
themselves leading the 
Redskins division, while in 
the Saints division, Invisible 
Hands and Ka08 both stand 
at 2-0. 

Tied for first in the Chief 
division are Fear and 
Loathing and the Gram 
Negative SeJlSis with records 
of 3-0. The Portola Pigs are 
looking for that third place 
spot with a mark of 2·1. 

In the 49er division Gerry's 
Kids, with a 3-0 record hold 
first place, and Beef Stroke 
Me Off, with a 16.7 average 
point winning margin, are 2-
1. This weekend these two 
teams meet face to face and 
the game should be heated. 

"This year the games have 
been more ~ressive than I 
anticipated,' 1M football 
director Scott Bemdes said, 
"but all in all things are 
running pretty smoothly." 

One In The Hands and the 
Ani'sotropic Shielder are 
both tied for first place with 
2-0 marks in the double A let 
league in the Coed division . 
Hot Fudge Inc. are in second 
at 2-1. 

In the Seahawk con-
ference , the other division of 
the Coed double A league 
Debutante and The Open 
Mind find themselves 
undefeated with Oldies and 
Moidiesclose behind with a2-

. ..... ......... " . .. ""_ ••••• ~#-.,.# • • t ..... " .. .. . . .. , ,. " ............ . ,..,. ..... . .. " ....-- _. _ _ _ J)Jcase lum.uuaaaeJl .. --... ~ . .. ~ .. \._-_._-_ ..... __ . , 

.If,nndlav. October 27 1980 

Classifieds 
announcements 

Re--.<elle Students: Bored with Biochml or 
tired of t~ tetrazzini? Try getting 
ifl'loilled. ~itions /Ill: oow being ~Iltd 
for the following committees: Judicial, 
G'lIdu&tion, CuniculOOl RtIiiew, and 
HOJslng ~nd Food Services. For irio and 
questions coli Colleen at Rev. PrtMlSt's 
oft. x3490. (1 0/30) 
Spend winter quIlrter in Washington D.C. 
See the presidentl~1 in&ugul'ation, lincoln 
Memoriol, Smithsoniel1. Potorn&c, /vIt. 
Vernon, end more. Details at Associ~ed 
$!Uderts Internship office. (11/7) 
AssIstlInt Director Needed: AS Inttmship 
Office seeks brighl creat~ studtnt with 
good "Miting skills. Excellent opportunity 
to v.<lI1< with contacts in Washington DC, 
Sacramento lInd SIlrI Diego. Non-paid but 
leads 10 paid pos~ion in futLre. Gall Jim 
lo/9'en", )/4689 or stop by AS Internship 
Office. (10/31) 
Grand Opening: Associated Students 
Irtemship Office. Check out oor rt&I 
office, second floor Student Ctrter 

~tove gameroom. Check out oor 5M 
[)Iego, Sacr&merto and Washington DC 
irtunships, too. (10/31) 
G'aduate, 23, ntN in S.D., Sttics a 
ncrocorrvertioNl woman for friendship. 
Joe, Box 8433, 92102. (10/29) 

Seniorsl lnter~d in Grad School? Find 
OJt ~bout epplication procedurtS, 
actnlssion criteria, fillllncial support end 
rn.JCh mort. ThJIsdIIy, Oct. 30 4-'s pm, 
H&SS 2250. (10/27) 
Don '1 miss the t\'trt of the )'teY -
Rockl~ Hallo.veen night - Fri. 
Oct. Xl 9:00 pm - 1:00 em, Atlantis HoIl, 
lr..oe band, costume contest, Prizes. 
funded by Atlartic Hall, HPA, & AIlS. 
(1 0/ 31) 
Pl.5n to be at tI1e John Muir college 
HalkM<ee:n dence. Oct. 31, Muir cafeteria 
9-12 pm. free admission lind costume 
contests. (10/31) 
elICit K needs youl Come to a meetingl 
Get ir?olOlved with othersl Tues, 5:30 pm, 
Revelle InfOl'lTl&I Lounge. (10/28) 

l<.ofzan: There will . be an initial Korzan 
Clf9IInization meeting Mondc7)l 10/27 in 
NcJth Conferenct ~ at 6:30. Please 
shoN up end support your culture. 
(10/27) 
Free food for ethnicolly diYme peoplel 
Rf!'oItlle Third World Allience preserts U.S. 
One-to-One Wed. Oct. 29 at 6 pm in !he 

~lIt FOI'ITI&I-lntOf'lll&I Lounge. (10/29) 
Alttrtion: 1981 Gredu&tes. LooIdng for 
jobs? P&rticipate in the oo-c~mpus 
irtetViews row in pr~eS5. (6eer 
Planning & Pfacemert, 1058 Hl. (11/7) 
Clost encounters ot the Third World kind. 
Yoo Ilre not ~Iont. Meet et the Rt\'tlle 
FoonaHnforrMILounge Wed. Oct. 29 at 6 
pm. (10/29) 
Alttrtion Che Shao Sao eaters. We Ilre 
row lI\I!I ilab/e lit t!1tChinese Eating Place 
in Le .hIla Villegt Squ&re. (10/31) 

~plications tor Thesis and Dissertation 
Rtse.Ych Grants should be Slbrnitttd to 
MeYie Kline, in the Office of Graduete 
Studies and Resellrch by No.1. 10, 1980. (1 0/27) • 
Considering dropping e COUISt? Need 
into or acMce? See a WcYTtn College Peer 
AcMsor M-t 12-1 ewe R'00I0St) $oW 6-9 
pm (WcYTtn Res. Counsela"s Office 
)/4343). (10/28) 

personal. 

Alttrtion Cha Shao Sao talerS. We art 
now lI\I!Iileb/e ~ The Chinese Eating Place 
in La Jolla Villegt Squ&re. (10/31) 
~ is the terror in Rt\'tlle ClJI? (10/27) 
1'D&H: yes, it's me. Figo,n it out. I had ~ 
hIlrd t~h time with fV(JJ t<l'lM:lsll trust 
-,ou with rT¥hart. XOXO(hllppY?l) l.oYe, 
352. (10/27) . 
Dan Ilrld Monti: The /TlOI'tmenl is 

~~ (and smel~~I) SprW The 
Wordl -e friend. (10/27) 

Rm Milab/e-own rm and " bMh Sol. 
Bch.house ocn view. fireplace. 5200 mo. 
plus l4 util. 481-5286 lifter 6 pm (10/27) 

UC Ma Diego Pop E"eata pre_ate 

November 9, -Sunday, 8:00 p.m. 

Mi;lndeville Auditorium 

$8.50 reserved seating 

Ticketron, Select·A·Seat 

'the Guardian 

Roommate:: Male WIIrted 10 shcYe 
beautiful house on Mission BelICh. Gets 
o.vn room for most r:J '1'6. Must be 
clan, no(»smoker wit!1 tr&nsportation. 
We Mve e g&rage. $140/mo. plus 14 
l.tilities. Coli tMnings ~3237. (10/31) 

Ftm rmmt WIIrted tor incrtdiblt beach 
condo w/ pod., jcz, wsh/dry, dshwshr, 
etc. Coil Patty Men Sheldon 75~8716. 
(10/31) 

forMic 

Wanted: Volunteer muslcllIIlS, YEll 
leaders, & entertlliners tor varsity 

besketb~1l g~mes. Cell 452-4211 
(Intercollegiate Athletics) to pot )OUI' 
name and phone number on the list 
(10/ 27) 
HrYfca 

Typist: Experienctd, dtpend&ble, filSl 
Will correct gremm&r and spelling. 
Aeasonable. Cell Olallll, 452-8299 \MS. 

Typing. fast IICcurate, rell50llllbie rates. 
271-0383. (10/31) 

UNWANTED WIlR remcM:d pe:!Tl'llII1end 

Jl 

t'M) keys. It found please ~ lust rdIIIllO 
&' krys. mportant /INIy 453-1206. 
(10/29) 

Lost: HP-25 Pr~em:nab/e C&iculator in 
brCM1'l cllrl)ling Clse sometime late /W;)n. 
nigtt '10/20) on ClllTlp,JS. HIs ··C. Tetro" 
ell!J"lM:d on caicullllOr. Please: call 453-
7353 if toond. $20 ~d for ret\.m 
(10/27) 

lost: !Jlld brIICtltt with br~ish stones. 
. Somewhere between Muir and Re:wlle ~ 

on 10/ro Please call Laurie, 755-5239. 
(10/29) 

l-ilIynes studtnt model plute. excellent 
Condit ion. MJst sell. ~5~63 Keep 
trying. (10/29) 

near campus. llIJoila Vilillge ProtessiOllllI ' We '-. be .... "*' ....... 
tla**",,_ 

Mini rdrigerllt0l'5-4.2 cu. It. $98, 2.0 cu It. 
$78. Coli 264-1506. (10/31) 
Hand" 400 F Supe:rspat 1, ~OO miles. 
Clean. Must see. Coli BRm 272-1017 S850. 
(10/27) 
Good Springstein tidcets on 10/30, 
10/31. 4~S13. (10/97) 
Two model condos tor salt. Buy row, 
S!IW I ~er. Coil Jim 566-1090 please iaIIIe 
mtsS&ge. (10127, 29, 31 ) 
For sale:: 1977 [)ocjge Aspen. VfIY good 
condition. Must sell. Coli etta 5 pm 454-
2511 . (10/29) 

Wanted: Students W10 eYe irterested' in 
world~ with II zionist ~ !roop. Coli 
Rich T. <455-5776. (10/30) 
Addressers WIIrted immediatelyl Woo ~ 
home - no experience ntCesSllrY -
excellert pay. Write: NatiOllllI Service:, 
9014 Mansfield, Suite \004, Slvt\'tpott, 
Louisi!lnll71118. (10/29) 

Graduate student or profes5O( of 
literature W10 is "b/e to 'Mite II science 
fiction with plot outlined. Need crtatNt 
"Miter W10 must devotE ~ Ic.t of timt to 
t!1is prqect. Call.Dietrich for more details 
at 27(}265.5 or 27~2132. (10/27) 

Appoirtmert Sc:he:dIlers nttde:d fer fast 
!rowing health firm loc«ed in ~rto 
valley. Must be llexible witI1 d8)1/tMning 
hours. Benefits Included, If interested Call 
481·5551. (10/27) 

Center. 8950 Villa 1lI Jolla OriI.<e, Suite 
116().(, Call for &ppt 453-7040. (12/2) 

Typing: Univ. City. Fast, eccurete, 
relllS()Mb/e. Cell Jene. Deys 452-424<4. 
Eves, <453-4966. (11/11) 

Alttntion 1981 gr~duates - looIdng for 
jobs? PMicipett in the On-Compus 
irtervit:'NS, row in prO!J"e5S - CP&P 1 058 
H/L (10/31) 

Mechanic comes to you: tune: up, 
electricol, IlsIt mechanical. Guar&nteed. 
~chael <4~1879. (11/5) 

trwcl 

1961 Studert TrIM:I Catagols will be out 
NOoi. 1 Call CIEE Trll'.'el, to get on our 
m&iling list !II ~52-0630. (10/31) 

C1EE Student TrIM:I open M-F 9-5, in the 
Student C£nter. ClEE otfm: budget 
fl ights. irt'l student 10 Cllrds. railPilSStS, 
tours, bodes, inslM'ance, worII ard study 
programs, end much more. PIlone 452-
0630. (6/5) 

WIDE \,IIIQ1aD T~-Experts in to¥'! 
cost fares to Ilr'If destilllltion Call <45S-
7710 or ci'op by end visit us in 1lI Jolla 
Vii. SqutJre, upper le-v<el next to 
Bullocks. NeYer e charge for our 
sevices.(11/3) 

IoIt & found 
Lost 10/21/~ on RtMlle CIllTlp05. 'M1ite 
wallet containing monty. 10, stamps and 

La Jolla Book 5hoppe 
5745 La Jolla 81vd. 

Open 1()'10 
7 d8ys e week: <454-3054. 

What's in 
a name? 
continued from page 10 
1 record. The other three 
teams are all tied at 1-2. 

Turning to the Coed A 
league, Congenitally Mala-
droit have an undefeated 
mark of 3-0 and Yang Lust II 
stand at 2·1 in the Viking 
division_ 

The Athletic Supporters (3-
0) are leading the Bengals 
division with Obliviol) II 
right behind them at 2-1. The 
Athletic Supporters should 
be the favored team when the 
playoffs roll around with 
their 24.3 average winning 
margin. 

In the Bills division, Alan's 
Tears are undefeated, while 
G House Third leads the 
Raider division with an 
unbeaten mark of 2-0 . 

Bust Up The Middle end 
the round up with a 3-0 
record in the Eagles division. 

Women's Resource Center 
presents: 

Fall calendar of Events 
October 19, 11:00-1~00 pm 

SMC rally at the Gym Steps 
Speaker from W.R.C on ERA and 
Reproductive Rights 

November 5,7:00-10:00 pm 
Women in Non·Traditional Jobs 
Speakers include Dr. Mary Walshok 
conference held at International Center 

November 13, 1:00-5:00 pm & 5:00-10:00 pm 
Women's Video Conference 
Workshops at the Color Studio in 
Communications Reception tor Sensor 
(L.A. Women's Video Collective) followed 
by speakers and showings of Women's 
video productions by Sensor and 
UCSD women. 

November 19, 6:00-11:00 pm 
Potluck and Party sponsored by W.R.C 
for faculty, student, and staff women. 
Held at the International Center. 

November 11, 7:00-10:00 pm 
"BIOVv' for BIOVv''' at TLH 107 

Women 's Film Series 
co-sponsored by W.R.e. and e.W.o. 

November 16, 7:00-10:00 pm 
"Double Day" at TLH 104 
Women's Film Series 
sponsored by W.R.C 

& Uni"er.ity Event. Box Off"lCe 452-4559 
allO.ller V.ft,ereity E" •••• Office p ......... i •• All Events are free!! 



12 , The Daily Guardian Monday, October 27, 1980 

I 

CARLOS CASTANEDA'S 
WORLD OF POWER 

"Who are the black magicians; Don Juan?" 

lf~""" "Our fellow men are the black magicians. And since 
you are with them, you too are a black magician. 
Think for a moment Can you deviate from the path 
that they've lined up for you? No. -Your thoughts 
and your actions are fixed forever in their tenns. 
T4at is slavery. L on the other hand, brought you' 
freedot:Jl. Freedom is expensive, but the price is not 
impossible. So, fear your ~aptors, your masters. 

Don~t waste your time and your power fearing me." 
-Carlos Castaneda in conversation 

with Don Juan 

Pla'ces of Power • The Tonal and the Nagual 
Sorcery. Allies. The Lines of the World 

Seeing Techniques • Losing the H":lman Form 

For tnore infortnation, call 452-9709 


