
Volume 39, Number 10 University of California, San Diego Friday, January 18, 1980 

!. 

Senate Votes 22 Million 
For California Daycare 

. By Jeffrey S. Lee 
Staff Writer 

Brown Wants Cuts Named 
In Case Jarvis II is Passed 

AB 863, which would allow for expansion of the daycare 
center, was approved yesterday by the Senate in a 28-9 vole. 

Sieroly aide Mike Siego says, the bill will give $26 million 
to the stale's childcare programs over the next five years. 

. "The breakdown of the funding is $22 million for the 
programs and another $4 l]1illion for capital outlay," he said . 

UCSD's state representative in the Senale, Bob Wilson , 
said Wednesday that he would vote for the bill. When the bill 
came on to the floor , Siego says, he vOled no. Wilson was not 

Please turn to page 4 

Angela Davis Back: 
Led UCSD Radicals 

By Eric Jaye 
Angela Davis returns for a few hours today to the university 

she once tried to radicalize and the college she helped found 
more than a decade ago. 

Now a Communist party vice-presidential candidate and Co-
chairwoman of the National Alliaoce Against Racism, Davis 
will speak at 5 pm in USB 2722. She will also attend a press 
conference at 1 :30 in the North Conference Room, after which 
she will lunch with representatives of the Student Affirmative 
Action Committee and other student leaders. 

Davis saw UCSD for the first time in the Fall of 1967 as a PhD 
candidate under the tutelage of the late Herbert Marcuse, with 
whom she studied as an undergraduate at Brandeis University. 

She spent two years here, founding the Black Student Union 
and helping to found "Lumumba-Zapata College," now 
"Third." 

Davis went on from UCSD to achieve national promineoce as 
a leader of the Black movement. 

She gained notoriety and a spot on the FBI's 1-0 Most Wanted 
Please turn to t><Jlle .4 

By Carolyn Friday and 
John Hondros 

University President David Saxon 
yesterday said he was . pleased with the 
university's proposed budget, then dropped 
Howard Jarvis' axe by announcing that he had 
been asked by the governor to prepare a report 
on how to cui by 30% the UC budget. 

In a speech to the Regents, meeting in San 
Francisco, Saxon called Governor Brown's 
budget, which gives UC a $59.4 million 
increase, "realistic and reasonable." 

He then announced he had just learned from 
a phone call that the university has been asked, 
in a leller sentl'esterday to all state agencies by 
the Dept. of Finance, to prepare a report by 
Feb. 6 detailing how the university would 
accommodate a 30 percent decrease in state 
funding. 

The letter from the Department of Finance 
was in response to ·the possible passage of the 
Jarvis II initiative, which would cut aU state 
personal income taxes by half, leaving the state 
budget short by 25 percent. 

Saxon explained that the Governor's request 
for a 30 percent cut, instead of the 25 percent 
the state would lose in revenues, is intended to 
give the state more "flexibility," a p,olicy Saxon 
termed "unworkable and unwise. ' 

Saxon told the Regents that the $4 79 million 
the governor allotted in his January budget 
providing a 9 percent salary raise for state and 
higher education employees would be the first 
thinito go. 

"These figure. will mean that we are being 

Ballet Charms At 
Mandeville ill: First 
UCSD Performance 

By Gillian Bazeley 
Contributing Editor 

asked to prepare a budget which will bring us 
far -- substantially far -- below our current 
opera ling budget. It would have to eat all cost 
increases, workload increases and, of course, 
building funds," Saxon said. 

UCSD officials said the cut would 
"devastate" the university system. 

"Whal can a cut like this across the board do 
other than be catastrophic?" asked Vice 
Chancellor of Academic Affairs Paul Saltman. 

"We will not be able to maintain any integrity 
on any campus with any significant cut. .. 1here 
are only two solutions: You either close 
campuses in totality, or medical IChooia in 
totality; or all fundi will have to be raised by 
students through tuition." 

Campus Budget Officier Bob Oakes 
concurred. 

"You would definitely have to look at the 
question of tuition ... there i. noway 1~ .would 
look at that kind of cut without looking at 
individual campuses and departments. 

.. A cut ~ke thi. would amount to something 
equal to Paul Saltman's entire budget and the 
entire instructional budget at Scripps," Oake. 

Please lam to PGfe 4 

Fulfilling an agreement made with the UCSD 
drama department last May, the San Diego 
Ballet Company presented the first in a series of 
dance ~rformance' last night in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

Three ballets made up the program: Les 
Sf/lphides, Mar,ueri'e and an abridged version 
of The Nutcracker. 1he same pieces had been 
scheduled for holiday performances in the Civic 
'Theatre, but were cancelled because of 
iruufficient advaoce ticket sales. 

"Nocturne" from Ia.t night'. San Diego Ballet Company 
Perfonnance of Le. SylpJaiJ •• , compoeed by Frederic Chopin. 
Perfonnancel repeat tonight at 8:00 and tomorrow at 2:30 and 
8:00 pm. 

Conspicuously absent from the performaoce 
was former arti.tic director and principal 

Plea.e tum It) t><JRe 4 

photo. by Stan Honda 



2 

. tfer to flip. &!itor 

Afghanistan Shouldn't 
Bring Back Cold War 
Editor: 

~I too .often the good articles on vital issues get too little 
praJ~ while thOle that are poorly thought out, or that tre'ad too 
heaVily upon our beliefs caule emotive comments directed at the 

autho~, publisher and editor. Your Jan. 14 article. "AIRhan 
InvallOn: Whoae Blunder?" wall one worthy of praise. Ata time 
whe!, the media are dangerously stirring up pro· military , pro·war 
sentiments amO?g the maSIleS, such in-depth, historically 
accurate analYSIS of the events should be given greater 
expo.ure. 

Ther~ is an additional point I feel should have been made in 
that a,,!«=le. If we go bac~ to the time of the Vietnam war - when 
~ US In~rve~d. I~ the Inter.nal stru~gles of another country jUlit 
pnor t? Nixon s VISIt to RUSSia - an Important precedent in cold 
war diplomacy. was establish~. The US began at that time to 
bomb North VJeI~ and mine the harbour at Hai·phong, but 
fortunate~y ~ S~~ts did .not use these actions as an excuse to 
cancel Nixon s Vlllt, curtail trade or bring an end to the Salt I 
treaty. 

The Daily Gual'Ciian ~iday.Jan. 18,1980 

The Russian. accepted the 
principle that the intervention 
in the internal affairs of 
another nation il to be 
comidered a aepar ate and 
independent problem. It waa 
not to have bearings upon the 
trade and anns limitation 
agreerrJents. The US cannot 
Wllhout hypocrisy point a 
blaming finger at the Soviets 
considering what they have 
done in Vietnam. And 
certainly, they cannot curtail 
trade and fail to ratify a 
di.armament agreement 
without IeHing an Wlfortunate 
precedent that will only woraen 
relatiOns between the two 
nation. - a precedent not aet 

b~ the Soviets during the 
Vietnam war. 

Dylan's A Hack: Pay Him N~ Mind 

My maaon for witing is not 
lo defend the Soviets - which 
I wouldn't - but to expreSli 
concern over any action that 
renews the cold war, increases 
the likelihood of a hot war 
between the two super powers 
or brings war to any nation: 
Sending arms to the military 
junta - the ruthless 
government of Pakistan - is 
just the kind of action ihat 
could lead to a military 
confrontation. I deplore any 
action my country takes to 
increase the chance of the 
des~tion of the civilized 

Ed~or: h . and I will permit him the dubious privilege of hanging himself 
~ncerriing I e recent running Bob Dylan conflagration, and . with his own words. 

parllcularlx ~e most rec~nt correspondence (Doily Guardian, If much of the lyrical content of popular music dwells on sex 
Jan. 14) which cast scabrous .aspersions on sUlff members and drugs it is certain that this is a reflection of the problems 
Barry Alfonso and Ted Burke: I believe that it would behoove confronting society, and you can bet that when a tale'nted 
rour pu~ic~ti?" to omit any future references to so woefully slru~~ling musician sings about where he is ~oing to get hl's next 
Inept an individual as Dylan. r------....... ::....-.:.::..:..:;;::.;.::::...:.==::.:..:::; 

If, as it is implied, Burke and spoonful or quickie, Dylan will be his 
Alfonso offend the intelligence of their Born Again Bob Dylan main man and the stuff will be cut and 
n:adership, then at worst they are the ,",,, .., t·,,,· rli'(' rl~,.rl" !lvonp \'acuous 
guilty of a minor infraction, since it is Whatever he. can get away enough 10 look to Dylan ior answers to 
doubtful whether those so violated their own epistelliulugical qltestions is · 
possess the minimal requisite intellect • h d d dOOllled to sppnd a futile and 
necess.ary to operate a zipper. Dylan is wit, provi e it sells unevcnt.ful life wandering aimlessly 
preeminently qualified to sing about wailing for Godol. ' "ser~ng somebbdy," since he has clea·Jrli:':y-:d:;:e~v:-::o:-::tedTa-l;:;ifre:-:tim-e-:-to--------_.-.J ~rvmg ~mself, conducting his affairs in a manner consonant Dyla!l's rec.~nt'prol.!ssed conversio~,to Chri~tianity .will finally 
With the Image of a (Jelf'aggrandizing, pompoy pretentious allo~ him .to bnng home the bacon. It is probable that after 
fool he so successfully projects. . ha~m~ bUlI.r that cross Dylan is retaining the hammer and'a few 

Dylan i, neither an iconoclast or rebel visionary. For well over naJl~ Just m case, and it is a certainty that if it becomes 
a dec~~e now he has amassed an iml)1ense personal fortune by fashIOnable to do so, he will trade in that hamrrJer and nails for a eX~OIt.mg t~ hackney~ themes of poverty, alienation and can of gasoline and a book of matches and bum the cross on 
SOCial mequabty. def~ndlng murderers when it is fashionable to your lawn. Dylan would he wist' to hCl·J the fa. that the crucifix 
do 50, . extolling the virtues of "bom.again" Christianity when it is he is toting has tWQ sid!", <lIl , 1 I I " • '" ,! I f.·· " nf' 111111, ·. ' 
expedient, and generally dealing with whatever he anticipates he NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 
can get away with, providing it sells. 17 Sp t E'd · t 

Alfons.o is · t? be cl;>mmended for his well-written and r Qrmer or s .J I or 
provo.c,;,hve r~vlew, which in no way can be construed as K 11 'h 'T k 
contam!ng ludiCrous statements. The only inherent drollness was ' now s Y Y I at it 1 a e s 

Editor: 
Please . pass along my congratulations to Gr~'gg Laughlin, 

Staff Wnter for a .real outstanding article~ in the Monday, 
January 14, 1980, Issue of the Daily Guardian. 

world. 

the ~u~Ject mall~r, Dylan being a third·rate composer, lackluster 
m~lclan ,;,nd miserable vocalist. If anything can be considered 
ludicrous It IS that a hypocrite, charlatan and idiot savant like 
Dylan ~hould be takf~ any more seriously than any other 
simpleton b.oardwal~ philosopher. The contention by insinuation 
of letter writer David Crow that .'he.re are no lyrically complex 

JERRY KAHN Beatles song~ suggest that Crow IS either completely ignorant or 
bstens excluslvel~ to Dylan, which presupposes the fore!{oing, 

As a former student Sports Editor, I could appreciate the 
~ho~g~t that must have gone into the feature, "UCSD Again 
Wms All· Cal AspelJ Party." At times it is difficult to make 

Please turn to page 12 

Davis .Talk Inappropriate forKing Week 
Editor: 

As if the present turmoil the 
United States is involved in 
with the rest of the world are 
nOt shocking enough, I found 
myself astonished and 

dismayed at a front page 
headline in the Jan. 14 Daily 
Guardian. It is ' not the 
Guardian who is at fault. I am 
appalled at those responsible 
for the programming, whoever 

they may be. Even the 
suggestion that Angela Davis 
is an appropriate speaker for 
the commemoration of Dr. 
Martin Luther King's birthday 
is an absurdity. 

infamous Abbie Hoffman, 
would ha ve nothing good to 
say about this countr), and the 
precious ideals that King and 
some of our other past political 
greats have fought and strived 
for . 

The Daily- Guardian . 
This lack of thought 

exemplifies the ignorance of 
the group responsible for the 
program. 

At this time, Communist 
tanks from the Soviet Union 
are running over children, 
women and innocent men in . 
Afghanistan, in an effort to 
shove an unwanted totali· 
tarian government down the 
throats of Afghani citizens. At 
the same tirrJe , ArrJericans are 
being deprived of their 
freedom by being ~Id against 
their will in neighboring~lran. 
All this in the wake of United 
Nations orders and requests 
for both "leaders" (atJd I stress 
the quotes) to halt their actions. 

I have begun to understand the 
hatred King was fighting. King 
was striving towards that very 
precious ideal that all true 
Communists would shudder at 
the utterance of. That divine 
goal was freedom, free<lom for 
all people. Not just for blacks 
who had been so unjustly 
treated, but freedom for all 
humans regardless of race, 
creed or color. 

Erk J.re 
1:.101", 

Kathy Huffer 
M..'ln~,"~ t-:. ... Uf 

.Jeff 8ernford.Huwe 
Nr . .. ~alur 
Som Coo<h 

John_ .. 
A ..... "',.II" Nt· •• 1--...... 101' 

John Klodt 
tflip)' ~j"tor 

John H. T.y .... 
Up .. ~un ~.cJ.tHr 

Jon Coct. 
5,kwh l.dttuf' 

P .... -s..1t'1 .. r ~.dlt\lf' 
Moll"'" Clod! 

I'hu<" hi,,", 
T ... ...... 
AmU .. .. 

u-~J~'I.ooDrw.,. 

The Daily Guardian is published 
Monday thru Friday during the 
regular school year by students at the 
University of California, San Diego. 
Offices lire located amidst the trees 
southeast of the Revelle Provost's 
Office. Our mailing · address is : 
UCSD, B-016, La Jolla , CA 92093. 
The Daily Guardian SLI bscribes to the 
Associated Press, th/: Los Angeles 
Times Synidicate, the Universal Press 
Syndicate and Pacific News Service. 

For news or business information 
call 452-3466. Classified advertising 
is open from 9 to 3 daily; news and 
display advertising 9 to 5 daily . 

King stood for equality, love 
and peace among all peoples. 
He believed in achieving these 
goals in a non-oppressive 
manner, much to the 
discouragement of the 

Co~munist Party. Angela 
DaVIS and her Communist 
Party believe in a totally equal 
working class and a very 
superior elite class. The party, 
to no one's surprise, will 
attempt to achieve this only 
through force and violence. 

. I sincerely hope that the 
students of UCSD as well as 

. Third College will not support 
Davis or her speech. Even by 
being present and acknow· 
ledging her presence the) 
would give cause \0 seriousl) 

. question the political ethics of 
American student •. 

Angela Davis is a card 
carrying Comrr.unist that any 
anti·American organization 
would be proud to have .peak 

1~ __ ;;_~'_;;;;;_;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; __ ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; __ iiiii;J for them. Davi s and other past colleagues of hers, such as the 

Only after King's death did I 
know who the man wa •. For I 
was a mere 10 yean old at the 
tirrJe of his brutal assas· 
sination. In the 12 years to 
follow I have read of his goal., 
accomplishments and failures. 

Instead, let UI support 
America and the freedoms we.' 
reap by non·support of the 
Davis speech. I mYlelf believe 
that this would have been the 
true wi'" of King if he were 
here to celebrate his birthday 
thi week: 

DAVID W. PHELPS 

Friday, Jan. 18, 1980 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEWS BRIEFS 

Hostages Allowed to 
Send Letters Home' 

WASHINGTON. - American hOltages in Tehran, 
apparently as a Chrisbnas gesture by their captors, have been 
allowed to write home expressing thanks or messages of support 
and appealing -- in the words of one _. for prompt actions to free 
us from this terrible situation." .. . 

Among the letters received this week by governrrJent officials 
and families, well-wishers and newspapers from Milwaukee to 
Landisville, N.J., was one from Marine Sgt. Kevin Hermening 
of Oak Creek, Wis., to his father. 

Hermening, writing Dec. 15, expressed hope he would be 
home by Christman 1980, but said "I even doubt that." 

Another Marine, Cpl. William Gallegos, 21 ,of P\leblo, Colo., 
was more optimisitic. In a thank.you note to Lisa and Jodi 
Gurblsz, young sisters in Bayonee, N.J., who had sent a 
Christmas card to the hostages, Gallegos said: "Your prayers 
will soon bring us home." 

The most graphic letter lo surface was handwritten by Robert 
C. Ode, 64, a retired foreign serivce officer from the Washington 
suburb of Fall~ Church, Va. H~ was ser.ving temporarily at the 
US Embassy In Tehran when It was seiZed Nov. 4 by Iranian 
militants demanding that the United States return the exiled shah 
for trial. 

In the letter, dated Dec. 26 and received Wednesday by the 
Washington Post, Ode, who ill the oldest of the hostages, wrote: 

"We are being kept in semi-darkened rooms; our hands are 
tied day and night; bright lights are kept burning all night and 
because of the constant noise it is almost impossible to sleep. 

"In 53 days I have been given only three brief exercise periods 
in the fresh air and only four tasteless and unripe oranges; two 
hard boiled eggs, one small bottle of fresh milk and a few pressed 
dates to supplement the otherwise monotonous and too starchy 
diet." 

Ode said he believed mail had been withheld from the 
hostages, and that they were denied visits by the US government 
representativel, given no news of any kind, and were forbidden 
to talk to each other in the same room. 

Ode said the hostages had no idea what the United Stales was 
doing in their behalf. "I can only a.k that with your power of the 
press," he wrote the Post, "that you do everything possible lo 
bring pressure on the responsible leaders in our government to 
tak~ prompt action to free us from this terrible situation." 

Ode sent similar leHers to the White House and to Sen. John 
Warner, RNa., and Rep. Joseph Fisher, D-Va. Private letters 
from Ode. were received by his wife, Rita; his sister Marjorie 
Keone of St. Louis, Mich., and to the fourth 8!ade ciao at Ow 
Lady of Victories School in Landisville, N.J. The 38 "delighted 
and lurprised" young.ters in the class had sent Christmas cards 
to the hostages in November. 

Brown's Iowa Switch 
LOS ANGELES - Gov. Edmund Brown Jr. denied 

Thursday that he has given up-on his Iowa presidential effort, 
de.pite urging supporter. to vote "uncommitted" at precinct 
caucuses there Monday. 

Speaking on his arrival at Los Angeles International Airport, 
Brown vowed to continue his campaign for the Democratic 
pre.idential nomination in Iowa and elsewhere "if I have to 
hitchhike and finance it out of my own pocket." 

Brown'. campaign manager Tom Quinn originally had urged 
Brown's backers to vote for the California governor, saying that 
other Democrat. should vote "uncommitted" instead of for 
President Carter or Maaaachusetts Sen. Edward M. Kennedy. 

Brown's Iowa campaign .trategy changed after Carter pulled 
out of a scheduled debate with Brown and Kennedy, citing the 
cnais in Iran. 

"He (Carter) undermined my effort lo communicate with the 
~PIe fllowa through the rrJeChaniam of a debate," Brown said 
Thuraday. "I am now trying to recoup that by linking up with 

~?",,"i~ delfliatea ... 1 ~Iy believe that our delesates, br, 
linking up With the uncomnutted, can make a better showing. ' 

UnCIer Democratic Party rules, supporters of various 
pre.idential candidates must have atlea.t 15 precinct caucuses 
in order to be assured 01 electing delegates to the next level. 

Delegates elected Monday at the 2,500 Iowa precinct 
caUCUle. in turn go on to county _caucuse., where congressional 
district delegates are elected. Ultimately, the process narrows 
down to 50 delegates to the Democratic National Convention 
Aug. 11·14 in New York. 

Mike Fernandez, Brown'. deputy campai8l' manager. said 
Wednesday it would be difficult for Brown's backers to gather 
enouah. support to be e1qpb1e to elect delegates to the county 
leYe!. 

Rather than risk lending no supporters to the county level, 
Brown expl.ined, "We w .... our people lo lead the uncommitted 
alate." 

The Dally Guardia~ 3 

DOONESBURY by Garry Trudeau 

Marijuana May 
Hann Unbom 

WASHINGTON - Mari· 
juana smoking may cause 
temporary infertility among 
women of child·bearing age 
and could increase the danger 
that ' they will have 
miscarriages, medical 
researchers told a congres-
sional panel Wednesday. 

Dr. Harris Rosenkrantz, 
director of the Mason 
Research Intitute in 
Worce.ter, Mass., .aid 
women who smoke mari~ 
"play Russian Roulette with 
the lives of their unborn 
babies. 

DNA Utgineers 
Make Interferon 

tested against cancer, scientist 
said WedFlesday. 

The scientists u.ed 
techniques of recombinant 
DNA engineering to insert a 
human geFle into the genetic 
material of a common 
bacterium. 

The re.ult is a strain of 
bacteria that produc )3 
interferon, the body's natural 
first line of defenle against 
viral infections. . 

"We regard this a. a very 
.ignificant advance in what 
hal been accomDiiahed in 
recombinant DNA techno· 
loKy," said Harvard bioIotist 
Walter Gilbert. Gibert is 
chairman of Biopn, a fleW 
company which financed the 
experiments. 

Thursday, to aet a new aI·time 
high following a wave of 
emotional buying that alao 
propelled the prices of other 
precious metals upward. 

Spot delivery gold ,ained 
$58 on the day, lo dOle .t 
$802 an ounce on New Yoril's 
Commodity Ex~ Inc. 

Carter Ask, End 
To Dock Boycott 

WASHINGTON - Preti-
dent Carter yesterday ..... 
the ~t of the .. lion'. 
dockworlren union to end • 
nine-day boycott of Soviet .hip 
cargo. which c.a. said iI 
snarling tranaportation in this 
COWltry, sources said. 

White HOUle acucea NicI 
lhomas GleaIOl1, ~t of 
the International bore· 

BOSTON - Bacteria have men'. Association, . not 
been programmed to produce promile Carter to end the 

Gold Price Over 
$800 An Ounce 

interferon, a rare drug that can NEW YORK - Gold boycoH, but said he would 
cure viral infectioJls, iIlcluding futures prices soared higher, reply promptly after consulting 
_the_c_o_m_m_o_n_c_o_Id....:,_a_nd_il_be_ing~ __ br_ea_k_ing....:::._th_e ____ ..:.$..:.8OO~~ma==r~k _____ Wl::.:·:::th::..:.:his uniOll.:..;. ____ _ 

.... ,. of the quJck eye examination and contact lens fit. It may be too Quick. The best 
eye examination and contact lens fining Is painstaking, methodical, thorQUgh, and consilII 
of numerous testa. A minimum number of • visits Is required to achieve a proper tit . OUr 
offloe Is equipped with the moet sophisticated, advanced and computerized Instrumenta· 
tion in the world in order to achieve the best eye examination and contact lens fining possi· 
ble. The foilowing II a description of some of the tests and procedures that arf done In our 
office: 
• MEDICAL HISTORY -..:. A complet, medical and ocular history Is taken b) 'a wrinen 

questionnaire. 
• DIOPTRON-THE EYE COMPUTER - An electronic optical computer that analyzes 

your eyes and prints out • preliminary prescription without the patient making 
any judgment. 

• NON-CONTACT TONOMETER - Checks pressure Inside your eve for glaucoma. II uses 
a gentle puff of air requiring no drops. 

• AUTOMATIC TANGENT SCREEN - Automatlcatly checks peripheral vision for abnor· 
mai blind spots which are indicative of manv eye and brain diseases. 

• INFRARED FUNDUS PHOTOGRAPHY - A photograph is taken of the back of your eve. 
the retina , to check for ocular disease and for baasllne data. tnfrared tight Is 
uSed. therefore no drops are needed. 

. . 

• SLIT LAMP BIOMICROSCOPY - A special microscope to Check the front part of the 
eye, tear flow. the fit and movement' of the contact lenses. 

• ELECTRONIC DIGITAL PACHOMETRY - An optical electronic computer to ascertain If 
enough oxygen is getting through the contact lens to tl)e cornea. This is very 
Important partlcularlv with 24·hQur extended wear lenses. 

• AUTOMATIC ELECTRONIC LENSMETER - Analysis 01 your existing glasses etec· 
'. tronically to extreme accuracy for oomparlson with the Dloptron results. 

• OPHTHALMOSCOPY - A procedure using a hand·held instrument to check the health 
of your eyes and to compare with the fundus photographs. 

• FIXA TlON DISPARITY - Indtcates how well the two eyes coordinaie together and the 
amount of binocular fusion. 

• STEREOPSIS - A measure of depth perception and quality of vision at read· 
ing distance. 

• COLOR VISION - Checks for normal and the type of abnormat color vl~lon . Eight per· 
cent of all males have some degree of coior blindness. 

Dr. D. A. RolaN"", • Auool ..... 
()p!orMIrIe" 

1939 Grand Avenue. Pacific Beach, CA • 272·2211 



.. TIle Daily Guardian ~day.Jan. 18.1980 

Angela Davis to Speak: 
A Homecoming of Sorts Regents OK' New UCSD Housing 
ConIIItaed Inn ,.,. , 
hi. in 1971 when the wuaccUled 01 participating in a Ihootout 
in a Marin County ccuthoute where prilOl'l leader George 
JecIc .... u on trial for allepdly murdemg a guard in San 
Qu.IIin Prdon. 

Both the Regents' rmance committee and 
the G(ounds and Development Committee 
yeaterday unanimously approved aUocating 
$11 million to build faculty and student 
apartmenb at UCSD. 

Da. ~t leveral months after the Ihootout as a fugitive. 
buI .. w tlerlelf up to Federal Authorities and was acquitted in a 
celebrated trial. 

the plan, mch would add 200 apartments 
on campus, il expected to win approval of the 
full Boiud of Regents at today's meeting. 

Her political or,anizatiOnal efforts here, though Ie .. 
tumuIluouI than her later work, haw left their mark. 

Construction wiH be financed by a Group A 
Housing System Revenue Bond baaed on a 40· 
yeard loan at 8 percent interest per year. A. Ihe tells the story in her autobiography, her first political 

activitJ at UCSO involved going through the dormitories and 
academic departments trying to find Black students to form a 
8I.dt Student Union. She found 10. 

Bids will go out thil spring, Chancellor 
McfJroy said here ye.terday. 

The apartments should be completed in 
about 18 months, McElroy said. F .... thi. amaI, but what the deacribea a.lpirited, beginning, 

Ihe "-t on to orpnize atudents and local resident. in protest 
.... nat the war in Vietnam. . 

A $25 increase in homing feel per student 
each academic year is expected to be passed 
along to San Diego students. Perhaps her pateat contribution to UCSD was her work in forrnulRnt the Ltmumba.Zapata demand. for a Third World· 

oriented c:oIIeae. I SO of the apartments will.Ho to students, both si':'IJle and with families, the remainder to 

Ballet Finds: Support at UCSD 
Continued from pate , 
dancer Keith Martin. Martin 
resigned from the Ballet wt fall. 
indicating that his move wal 
neceasitated by a complete lack 01 
support ~ on the part of the Ballet'l 
Board of directon. 

At the time of his departure, 'the 
, ' Ballet was nearly 200,000 dollars 

in debt. Since then, it has 
reorganized ' and found a new 
director .. John Hart, formerly of 
USIU and the Royal Ballet. Hart is 

...... ..,,,, ... 

very optimistic about the San Diego 
Ballet's association with UCSD: "In 
our darkest days the UCSD drama 

~rtment was our one shining ~ t·· for the present and the future. e are most grateful." The new 
Ballet management intends to honor 
all its debts, as well as revive the 
company, the future of which hal 
been uncertain at best. 

It i. difficult to comment critically 
on a ballet company that recently 
fell to its knees and only just got up. 

The fact that the show goes on at aD 
i. admirable. Unfortunately, last 
night' s peformance lacked the 
bril~ance that characterized the San 
Diego Ballet a year ago. It was a 
charming ' performance, not a 
sparkling one. The high point of the 
evening was the romantic ballet, 
Marguerite , and this mainly 
because it is resplendent in color and 
handsome movinf bodies. 

Nevertheless, enjoyed myself 
thoroughly. 

Bachelor', Degree 
Congratulations! 

Be Choosey. We Are. 

In fad, we select only the best qualirted individuala to fill 
key jobs in the fields of acienc:e, mathematics, phy., 
chemistry, metaIluru. nuclear research. .-ce .......-ch, 
behavior.1 scienc:et, plus many more. Our equipment is 
modern, our people professional So if you're int.-ested 
in • chall .... and excitement, find out what the Unjted 
State Air Force can offer you. 
You'l find an excellent aaWy ... advanced education 
opportunilie •... worldwide a .. i,nmenta ..• 30 day. 
vacation with pay a year ... medicaI and dental care ..• plus 
much more. It 

It'. one of the r ..... oppartunitiea in the nation. 
CaD ..... , for w.rm.tion. eone.t: 

293·6204 or 293·6612 
or stop bl' our offICe at 

3443 Camino del Rio Seuth, number 206 
San ' "'0, CaHfomia 

be uaed tor ahort·term hou.ing for new faculty. 
Regent Dean Watkins raised a question 

regarding faculty apartments, saying that the 
amount UCSD was planning to rent them for 
was below market prices. A campus planner 
said the figure, $540; would be revised upward 

Student apartments are slated to rent for 
$460. 

McElroy said, however, that the apartment 
project would be endangered by the Jarvis II 
initiative. 

Usually, San Diego receives 10 percent of 
the budget allotted to UC," explained the 
chancellor. "If statewide cuts of 30 percent go 
into effect, it would mean $25 million out of our 
present budge of $70 million." 

McfJroy also predicted the Jarvis II era 
would make it extremely difficult to find a 
chancellor next year. 

"Whoever it would be sure wouldn't have 
much to work with." 

Brown Asks For 
30% Budget Cut ' 
Targets - State G~ts 
Ready for Jarvi~ II 
Continu~d (rom page 1 
said, 

According to Saxon, UC's teaching hospital 
will be doubly imperiled since much of the 
actual money used to run the hospital comes 
from Medicaid and Medical, which will be 
experiencing simaar 30 percent cuts as state 
agencies. 

Predicting the most frightening and 
immediate consequences should Jarvis II pall, 
Saxon said, "I pledge myself to do everything 
within my power to see Jarvis II defeated at the 
polls." 

The president plans to bring up more detailed 
discussion about the Jarvis II budget at 
tomorrow's meeting of the Regents. 

$22 Million Voted 
For State Daycare 
By Senate, 28-9 
Continued from pate 1 

available for comment. 
In response to a question about why S~oty 

authored the bill, Siego said, "people from the 
Riles commiuion, who are parents and people 
who work for the daycare programs, came to 
Sieroly with a five year fw1ding proposal for the 
alate's chiJdcare programs." 

He said that the reason they approached 
Sieroly 'first was due to his support of, the 
chiJdcare !Wograms, and his co-authorahip of 
another bill for these JH'Ograms. 

"The vote had to be held for a wh~e since the 
first vote was only 18 (for), and we had to 
muster up some ten votes." Siego laid. 
end of Sieroty 

~e~ 0J.~e:~ ~~ ~~0 ~\ ~o~~ ~\-lC 
'" ~ ~ \;~ ~ ): :' /),fli ~tO 

~0~.7 
\-to o~'P-1 

drop In for a free 
personalized sly ling I consullatlon, 

our styles create 
irreslslable men 
fascinaling women 
obedlenl children. 

454-3038 

Pl1day.Jan. 18. 1980 

The Daily G\lal~ian ' 

ISportsl 

Tight Race 
, For Triton 

Basketball 
By Barbara Haas 

Senior Staff Writer 
Today the varsity 

basketball team kicks off 
league play against Azusa 
Pacific up at Azusa, in the first 
of eight games to decide a 
league champion. Considering 
UCSD's recent successes, the 
race for first place should be 
tighter than ever this year. 

The Tritons enter league 
competition this year after last 
year's disappointing 2 ·8 
record . The basketball 
program has completely 
turned around under the 
direction of coach Ron Carter, 
and he thinks the team will 
finish at the top. , 

"We've got the best team in 
the school's history ~ it's not 
just a good team, it's an 

excellent team," he says. " I 
believe we're going to win, and 
the team believes we're going 
to win. 

" It's a tight race , but we're 
going to be near the top. The 
key to whether we take it all 
the way will be student 
support. We 're good enough 
to take it, and if we get the 
support and the breaks and the 
close calls when we need them 
- then we're going to get it." 

Carter also believes that 
luck goes with any tea,m tJ:1at 
makes it to the top. Skill WlOS 
for the most part but good 
fortune never hurt anyone, he 
says. 

. 

The Daily Guardian 

Looking to be a strong 
contender is Azusa Pacific, 
with an 11·4 record as of 
Monday . Cliff Hanlow has 
coached the Cougars to a past 
championship in 197~ . when 
his team went 28·5. The key 
this year, if the team is to do 
thai wdl again, wal be defense. 

The Cougar~ are shooting 
.523 from ,the field, with 
forward Larry Shelton 
contributing an average 19.7 
points per game . . 

Point Loma College is 
riding the crest as last }'ear's 
division champion. Ben Foster 
is in his sixth year as coach, 
and has a 104·70 lifetime win· 

INTERVIEWS ON CAMPUS 
Thr following is a list of employers scheduled to be on campus this winter. You must,be re~iving y<?ur 
degree this academic year to be eligible fO,r interviewing. You must also attend an Orientation meeting 
before interviewing. SIGN UPS FOR ON·CAMPUS INTERVIEWING BEGIN 9 :00 AM MONDAY, 

JANUARY 21 , 1980, 

February <4: 
Bank of Am.rica 

February 5: 
Pllnn-onics 
Tel.dyne Ryan Arronautical 

February 6: 
Basic Four 
TR W · CS&S Division 
American Intrrnational Mork.rinll 

February 7: 
Johns Hopldn. Appli.d Physics Laboratory 
Cubic Corporation 
MIT-Uncoln laboratory 

February 8: 
Verac, Inc. 
Joseph M 811m n 

February Il: 
Northrop Corp • Et.ctro-Mechanical Division 

February 12: 
Control Date 
Alr_rch 

February 13: 
Pacific Telephone 
National Semiconductor 

February 14: 
GIE Sylvania 
Convair, Division of General DynamiCS 

February 15: 
Spectra. Physics, Inc. 
Science ApplicatiOns, Inc, 

February 19: 
GenerAl "bvnamics • EleCtronics Division 
Prudential Insurance Company of America 

February 20: 
NCR - Enllineering &. Manufacturing Division 
United C.lifornia Bank · Operations 
U.S. Navy I 

Febnilry 21: 
The Broadway 

, U.S. Navy 
o,evron Companies 

February 22: 
117 • Federal EI~ic Corporation 
lever Brothers 
U.S. Air Force 

February 25: 
LOIlicon, Inc. 
NCR Corporat ion . Systems Enllin~ri"l! 
Loyola Law School 

February 26: 
RenaiHance Systems 
Burroughs Corporation • Busincsa Machines 
Corporation 

February 27: 
Prlntronics 
U .S, Coast Guard 
Spectral Dynamics Corporation 

February 28: 
Srare Farm Insurance Company 
The Aer06p111ce Corporation 
U .S. Army 

February 29: 
lockheed Missiles &. Space 
J.e. Schumacher 

March 3: 
Bullocks 
NCR . Systems Engineering Div • Torrey Pines 

March 4: 
Hughes Aircraft Company • Industrial Electronics 
Division System Group 
Fairchild Camera &. Instrument 
Hewlett Packard Corporation 

March 5: 
Fairchild C.mera &. Instrument 
Hewlgt·Packard 

March 6: ' 
Burrouahs Corporation 
C.1·Tn",. 

March 7: 
Sperry·Unlvac 
u-- Brothers 
Hewlett·Packard Corporation I nternsh Ips 

March 10: 
linkablt Corporation ' 
American Grad School of tnternatlonal 
Manacement 

March 11: 
Padfic a.. &. Electric 
Naval OCftn Syatellll Center 
.... cnON • Peace CorpalVlata PrOllflm 

March 12: 
Huches ' Oprical o.m Syatenw Divillon 
Bunker Ramo 
....cnON 

March 13: 
National Ocearqraphic &. .... ~eric Admin. 
McDonnell Do", ... 

March 14: 
USC Graduallr School of Bu.1.-
lockheed California Comp.ny 

5 • 

One-Sided Whistle 
Fouls Close Game 

Tuesday's varsity 
basketball loss to the 
University of Redlands 
degenerated from a close 
contest to a one·sided 
whistle.blowing. bonanza in 
the final minutes of the game. 
The final score, 82.72, 
doesn't relate how evenly. 
matched ' the game actually 
was, 

Three questionable 
technical fouls in the last 
seconds resulted in the 
ej~ction of ' forward AI 
Winters and the loss of coach 
Ron Carter's temper. 
Winters fouled a Redlands ' 
player when attempting to 
steal the ball, and was 

loss record with the Crusaders. 
This year they're shooting 
only 50 percent from the field 
but averaging 75 points per 
game. 

Four players are in double 
figures, with Steve Southworth 
leading the team with 15.9, 
highlighted by a 27.point 
game against Chaminade. 
PLC is goinS( to be strong this 

whistled for an intentional 
foul. 

This gave Redlands a two 
point shot at the free throw 
line instead of .the uaual one· 
on-one situation. Winter. 
questioned the caD and drew 
the first technical. 

Carter then questioned the 
referee on the harsh penally 
and the technical on Winter., 
and in the Ia.t minutes he 
received two technic;als 
himself. 

On& thing led to another 
and Winters wound up being 
ejected from the game, and 
Redlands tore a win from a 
tight game with numerous 
free throws. 

year, but not as awesome as in 
the past. 

Ed Moriarty, the coach of 
Southern California CoIIesre, 
isn't optimi.tic abolll liis 
team's finish. Their current 
record is 7.10, mainly brought 
about by two retumeea: Paul 
Anderson, a unaII college AD 
American R"uard Ia.t year, and 

PIeoH film to ,.,. JO 

'P~:~!NT~ 
LUNCH=oN ~CIAL· 11:00-'fI OO 

Sandwiches 
HAN), ~OAbT .D=~f.lUM:r. AVOCAfJO ANrJ 
~P:~-.z.~ wn ... IV ..... AIIPDa .. 1In' 
.liE .... ·:a 
1L,,-~our5. 5ALAP~ ANP ~ICH=5 

A\WLA6L: TQ GO 
ii" :a; ) • tp. • '. "za 

737 P=A~L ' e>Tf\:~T· LA JOLLA, CA. 
'f5Lf - .3Lf53· F~~~ P~tSlN~ 

BECAUSE 
There i~ no automatic inlUl'ance coverage .•• 

You may want to 

"Cover 
I Your 
Bod" 

Winter quart .. enrolhent 
now in prop.. . 
deadline: February 3 

All ...ptered etucIenta and 
poll cIoca are ....... 

Information and applications .,.. .ftiIabIe at 
Student Health S8mce.. Student ... miwD 
'34.25 per fPrl-',.r ~, c:hiIcIren $ . 



6 The Dally Guardian Fliday, Jan. 18,1980 
--------------~~----------------~-

...... in 1Idion ...... thia I8UCIn. All in pre ..... tion for t .... __ .. ". 
.g.-
This Weekend In Sports 

friday 
-Men's.wirnminI begins a swim· 

a-lhon at 6 pm in the natatorium to 
raise the $6000 they anticipate they 
will need to pay for their trip to the 
NAIA nationals in Wisconsin this 
March. 

-Men's basketball be~nllieaguell 

play against Azusa Pacific at 8 pm, in 
Azusa. The JV team plays Azusa at 
6 pm. 

-Women's basketball hosts USD 
at 7 pm in the main gym. 

Saturday 
- The auri team begins a new 

Please him to page 12 

UCSD Hopes for 3rd· Spot 
In All-Cal Volleyball, . 
'Despite Powerhouse Foes 

By Scott AIliBOn 
After opening their season last week 

with an impressive ~tory, the men's 
volleyball team faces defending national 
champs UCLA in the first game of 
tomorrow' I. AII·Cal tournament, held in 
the UCS"D main gym. 

Of the eight leams participating, three 
are nationally ranked: UCLA, UC 
Santa Barbara and UC Berkeley. 

The Tritons will have their hands full 
with the competition, yet coach Doug' 
Dannevik 'predicts a finish probably al 
high as third place for his much· 
improved squad. 

Last year UCSD finished fourth 
behind UCLA, Santa Barbara, and 
Berkeley. 

The Bruins, who still have almost all 
.their players from last year 's 
championship team, are favored to win 
the tournament. 

"UCLA will be awesome," concedes 
Coach Dannevik. "But we are 100 
percent beller this year than lalt year at 
this Itage." . 

"The Bruins are nationally ranked, 
but I think we can compete with them," 
savs Senior Steve UPP. 

The -OCLA-UCSD match beKins at 
9:30 Saturday morning. The Tritons 
then play UC Davis at 11 :30 am and 
UC Santa Cruz at 1:30 pm. The 
playoffs start at 3:30 pm, and the finals, 
which Dannevik predicts will include 
UCLA and UCSB, begin at 7:00 pm. 

'Hot' Pair Carry T earn 
By Jon Goetz 
Sportl Editor 

When Jill Keene and Wendy 
Nakayama were hot, so was - the 
women'l basketball team. But when 
they cooled down, the UCSD lead that 
prevailed through much of the game last 
night disappeared, and visiting La Verne 
College got a 69·67 victory. 

Keene and Nakayama foiled the 
laVerne zone in the half with their soft 
shots everywhere outside the key. 
UCSD ran up a six point lead near the 
end of the period behind the 12 points of 
tiny Nakayama, and another 10 from 
Keene. Sloppy play and turnoverl by the 
Triton bench eroded that lead down to 
one l>Oint in the last few minutes, and 
UCSD led 33·32 at half. 

La V erne keyed on Keene in the 
second half, a10wing her down. The lead 
see'lawed in the early going, then the 
Tritons regained a safer six-point 
advantage. laVerne tied the score at 67 
with two minutes remaining, t1Jen sunk 
the winning field goal after a UCSD 
turnover. 

The outside shooting of Keene and 
Nal<ayama turned out to be the most 
potent weapon against the laVerne 
defenses, which switched several times 
during the game. Nakayama finished 
with 18 and Keene had 16 for the game. 

The La Verne defenses, which 
sometimes ~bruptly change right in the 
middle of play, caused little confusion for 
the Tritons. They spontaneously 
adjusted their offensive setup to every 
d~!e.~se, without any help from the 

Open 10 am to ,10 pm everyday! 

buy, sell and trade new and used books 
half price paperbacks! 

D.G.WILLS 
BOOKS 

La Jolla's only 
indoor loutdoor bookstore I coffeehouse 

7527 La Jolla Blvd. 
456·1800 

~day.Jan. 18,1980 The Daily Guardian 7 ' 

Another PBS Import: France'S 'Moliere' 
Playwright's Lile Displays 
Spectacle of 17th Century 

By Beth Accomando 
Senior Staff Writer 

For a long time, the British have been responsible for the best 
programs on PBS. This season, however, the French are 
making an impressive appearance with a five part series, 
jWoliere, about France's illustrious playwright. The series, even 
though it is shown on the small screen, has- an epic sweep that 
encompass~s not just Moliere's life but an entire era. 

Born in the heart of Paris in 1662, Moliere was baptized as 
Jean Baptiste Poquelin. At the age of 10, which is where the 

series begins, Jean Baptiste's 
,. . mother dies, leaving him and 

7 hp 0n 1/.1' n 11 n ,.d W Il his siblings with a strict, close. 
minded father. Jean Baptiste 
originally plans to follow his 

S father in the upholstery ART profession but this tedious job 
bores him and he proposes to 
enter law school. His father is 

infuriated by this move but Jean Baptiste finds support in his 
venerable grandfather. . 

Once at-school, Jean Baptiste is further exposed to the theatre 
and his attraction to it grows. In 1643, he leaves school, changes 
his name to Moliere, and co-founds the lIIustre Theatre with his 
mistress, actress Madeline Bejart. His consumate intere$t in the 
theatre leads him to acting and writing, and eventually makes his 
company a great success. Yet even after winning wide.spread 
acclaim, Moliere never had an easy time surviving in the theatre. 
One recurring problem is that his scathing satires sometimes 
strike too close to the audience's home and bring the wrath of the 
authorities who banned such plays as Tartuffe. 

The series shows how Moliere's plays grow out of his life. Like 
Shakespeare, Moliere was a man who could absorb everything 
around him and then transform this vast knowledge into plays. 
1be series also reveals Moliere's total dedication to the stage 
which lasted until the day he died after a performance of hi. play, 
Le Malade Imaginaire. 

Moliere is written and directed by Ariane Mnouchkine who is 
an acclaimed French stage director and has her own prestillious 

Please rum to page 12 

. Famed French playwright Moliere becomes involved in a 17th century romantic tria ... 1e in the 
fourth epitode of the five-part dramatization, "Moliere" airing Wednelday, January 30, 8:00 -9:00 
pm (ET) on PBS. -

Movie Guide 
Downtown 

Aztec, 6655th (239-9239) 
Call theater for program information 

Balboa, 4th and E (233-3326) 
Silent Scream, The Brood, and Rabid 

Broadway, Broadway at 8th (232-4600) 
Spanish movies 
Cabrillo, 329 Plaza (239-8719) 
The Stud, fIardoore. and Caged Heat 

Casino, 643 5th (232-8878) 
The Godsend, Northville Cemetery Massacre, 

and The Dark 
Guild, 3827 5th. Hillcrest (295-2000) 

La Cage aUK FolIes 
Plaza, 323 Plaza (232-0501) 

Vanessa in Hong Kong, Emmanuelle in 
!Bangkok. and Girls in Trouble 

Beaches 

Clairemont-Kearny Mesa -Uni versi ty 
City 

Clairemont, 4140 Clairemont Mesa (274-0900 
Theater 1: Starting Over and The Bdnk's Job 
Theater 2: The Stud and Hardcore 

La Jolla Vllla,e Theatres, 8879 Villa La Jolla 
Drive (453-7831) 

Theater I :Kramer vs. Kramer 
Theater 2:Cuba and Midnight Express 
Theater 3:Going in Style 
Theater 4:Scavenger Hunt 

Mira Mell&. Cinemas, 8118 Mira Mesa Blvd. (566· 
1912) . 

Theater 1: Fillipino movies 
Theater 2: Blodd and Guns and Superman 
Theater 3: The Muppet Movie 
Theater 4: Life of Brian and The Gauntlet 
unive~1tY Towne Center 8, 4525 La Jolla Village 
Drive 452-7766) 

Thea er 1: The Jerk . 
Theater 2: The Jerk 
Theater 3: Mountain Family Robinson 
~ve, 7730 Girard, La Jolla (459-5405) Theater 4: The Godsend 

Time Alter Time Theater 5: 10 1Ptn. Aria, 1818 Gamet, Pacific Beach (274-4000) Theater 6: Call theater for ~rogram information 
The Shout . Mission V ley 
Janis, 1/18 and 19 midnight . Center 3 Cinemu, 2120 Camino del Rio North (297· 
~nU.r Drive-In, 3601 Midway Dr. (223-8342) _ l~eater 1: Cuba 

Theatre I:The Stud and Hardcore 
Theatre 2:Up in Smoke and National Lampoon 's Theater 2: Going in Style jAnImal House !Lo,m&. 3150 Rosecrans (224-3344) 
1941 

Pacific Drive-In, 4860 Mission Bay Dr. (274-1400) 
Scavenger Hunt and The Gauntlet 
~poru Arena Slxplez. 3350 Sports Arena 
~ulevard (223-5333) 

Theater 1: TIl" Jerk 
Theater 2: The Jerk 
Theater 3: 10 
Theater 4: Scavenger Hunt 
Theater 5: The Godsend 
Theater 6: Mountain Family Robinson 

!Btrand, 4950 New~rt, Ocean Beach (223-3141) 
Ladies and Gen&lemen, the Rolling Stones and 

lcJ!arlie Is MY Darling, 1/18 and 19 
West Side Slory, 1 {20 
Inserts and The Big Fi%, 1/21 and 22 
The Amityville HOrror and Rolling Thunder, 

1/23 and 24 
lUn1corn~ 7454 La Jolla Blvd. La Jolla (459-4341) 
1 ... To Kill a MOf;kingbird and Lonely Are The 
IDrave, througb 1/19 

Lawrence of Arabia, 1/20 through 22 

Theater 3: The Stud and Hardcore 
Cinema 21, 1140 Hotel Circle North (291-2121) 

The Electric Horseman 
Fashion ValleJ 4, 110, Fashion Valley (291-4404) 

Theater 1: Kramer vs. Kramer 
Theater 2: Kramer vs. Kramer 
Theater 3: The Black Hole 
Theater 4: The Black Hole 

Valley Circle, Mission Valley Center West (297-
3931) 

SCar Trek . 
State Un! versity 

Campu. Drive·I.!!,. 6147 EI Cajon Blvd. (582-1717) 
The Jerk and lne Three Muskteteers 

Century Twin, 54th and EI Caion Blvd. (582·7690) 
Theater 1: Starting Over ana Bloodline 
Theater 2: And Justice for All 

Cin .... ma, 5889 University Ave. (583-6201) 
Apocalypse Now 

Colle ... 6303 El Cajon Blvd. (286-1455) 
Theater 1: ScaveQller Hunt 
Theater 2: Good CTuys Wear Black and DJrt 
TheAUlr 3: 10 
Theater 4: The Godsend and Prophecy 

Ken, 4~1 Adams Ave. (282-5909) 
Pink Flamingos and Female Trouble, 1/18 and 

19 
Picinic at Hanging Rock and Don't Look Now, 

1/20 
through 22 
An Evening with Alan Watts , 1/23 and 24 

State, 4712 El Cajon Blvd. (284- 1428) 
Closed temporarily 

North County 
Avo, Vlsta Way (726.3040) 

Starting Over and Shampoo 
Bijou, 509 East Grand Ave .. Escondido (747-6635) 

Closed for remodeling 
Camino Cinema 4, 2253 EI Camino Real, 
Oceanside (433-9144) 
. Theater 1: 10 

Theater 2: The Rose 
Theater 3: The Jerk 
Theater 4: Kramer VS. Kramer 

Cinema Plaza Theatre' 5, ~565 El Camino Real, 
Carlsbad (729·7147) 

Theater I:Star Trek 
Theater 2:Apocalypse Now 
Theater 3:The Black Hole 
Theater 4:The Electric Horseman 
Theater 5: Mountain Family Robinson 

Crest, 102 N. Freeman, Oceanside (722-6561) 
Roller Boogie and The Buddy Holly Story 

Flower Hill Cinemas, 2630 Via de la VaIle, Del Mar 
(755-5511) . 

Theater 1: The Muppet Movie 
Theater 2: And Justice for All 
Theater 3: The Stud 

New Valley Drive In, 3840 Mission Ave., 
Oceanside (757-5556) 

Theater l :The Godsend and The Incredible 
Melting Man ' 

Thealer 2:10 and The Frisco Kid 
Theater 3:Charlie and the Hooker and The Stud 
Theater 4: Silent Scream and The Manitou 

Plaza Twin, 345 N. Escondido Blvd .. Escondido. 
(745-5087) 

Theater 1: Star Trek 
Theater 2: The Jerk 

Poway PlayhoulIe, 12845 Poway Rd., Poway (748-
7110) 

Silent Scream 
Towne', 217 N. Hill, Oceanside (722-2155) 

Call theater for program in/onnatlan 
Vineyard Twin Cinema., 1529-22 Ea.t Valley 
Parkway. Escondido (743-1222) 

Theater 1: The Black Hole 
Theater 2: The Electric Horseman 



'Shout' Blends 
Primitive With 

. . 

Modem Trials 
a, Lynette Tom 

Senior Staff Writer 
Aboriginal sorcery and 

mystical romance are the 
intertwining factors that lead 
to a CuriOUI merging of the real 
with the supernatural in the 
film The Shoul. To 
comprehend its significance 
one muat sit down and recall 
the events as they occurred on 
the ICreen. The Osprey film. 
Production does not easily 
live way to an immediate 
evaluation or a single 
interpretation of ita 9O-minute 
nmoing time. 

Robert Graves'short story, 
upon which The Shout is 
~,nmnmd.oneofasimiJar 
picture. The La.t Wave. The 
plot involftl the wanderings of 
CIwIes. who for the past 18 
year. hal lived in the 
Australian outback and 
aIJided"by ita native tribal law. 
Aa a ........ he hal acquired 
............. Ihe technique of 
..... Ihout," a aound that is so 
........ and a .. ome to the 
ear that it literally kills 
.Wlyone and thing within 

~ = Charles .hares this Jato with Antony, a 

skiJlfully reflected in the acting. 
Alan Bates, a. Charles, 
portrays a mysterious magic 
man, and does 10 without 
over- or underplaying. John 
Hurt, last seen in Alien, here 
play. the unwilling victim of 
circumstances with a heftier, 
inspiring role as Antony. 
Susannah York complements 
the acting abilities of her male 
co-stars with a convincing 
rendition of Rachel. Robert 
Stephens and Tim Curry have 
slnall role. in terms of screen 
time, but large in terms of their 
effective nell in their 
respective roles ' of a 
pliychiatrist and an employee 
at the mental in.titution. 

The direction in The Shout 
relemble. an unfinished jiSlaW 
puzzle, and Symbolism, both 
of ~ Aboriginal and Freadia.' 
connotations, is unearthed in 
nearly every frame. While 
they are not wholly 
undecipherable, the images 
are difficult to detect at first 
Idance, and once the audience 
has figured out what it is they 
saw and what it means, the 
symbol is already gone, thus 
preventing its confirmation. 

Please tum to fJGle 12 

Around Town 

The Daily Guardian Friday, Jan. 18.1980 

muIic composer who is having 
an affair with another married 
WCIINn. and Rachel, Antony'. 
netIected wife who becomes 
infatuated with the enigmatic 
traveller after he casts a spell 
on her. 1be love triangle that 
unfold. explodes into a bitter 
confrontation that places both 
Charles and Antony under the 
care of an-institution for the 
mentaly disturbed. It is within 
this IettinS that the wanderer 
tella hi. tale, via flashbacks, to 
a .ympathetic emplo~ee 
dwing a game cI cricket. The 
screenplay by Mike Austen 
and director Jerzy Skolimoskii 
i. set forth on an ingenious 
crazyquilt cI events which 
begin ~ end at the ending 
and transcend the normal time 
boundaries between the past 
and present. 

Atomic Cafe Slates Critical Mass 

The perplexities and 
complexities which comprise 
the plot of The Shout are 

The third in Atomicafe's eight concert 
season will be presented on Tuesday 
January 29, 1980, in the Recital Hall at 
UCSD. This concert will feature several 
premieres and will also feature the talents 
of three members of the renowned Sonor 
ensemble: . Carol Plantamura, Edwin 
Harkins, and Bernhard Batschelet, 
soprano, trumpet, and flute respectively. 
All three are highly regarded for their 
interpretations of contemporary music. 

This concert is unique in that it is 
presented during the residency at UCSD, 
of seminal twentieth century innovator, 
John Cage. As always concerts are free. 

If""" A slimpse of the colorful world off the 
shoreline will be provided in the third 

annual Underwater Film FestilJal at 8 pm 
Saturday, Jan 26, in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Admission to the festival i. $3.50 for 
the general public and $2.50 for UC San 
Diego students. The event i. sponsored by 
the UC San Diego diving club, the Sea 
Deucera. 

WiUard Bascom, chairman of the 
National Academy of Sciences' Pan~1 on 
Satellite Oceanography, will be guest 
speaker. Bascom is the author of Waves 
and Beaches, a definitive text on surf 
processes. A new edition of the book is 
due to be released this month. 

Bascom is former director of project 
Mohole·for the NAS. He also served as 

WHO ME ... 

executive secr.etary of the NAS Maritime 
Research Advisory Committee. He has 
(>rospected for diamonds off the coast of 
South Africa and was a member of the 
team which salvaged the Nuestra Senora 
de MarariJlas. 

Among the films and slide shows which 
will be shown during the evening are 
Hammerheads, Mantas and Whale 
sharks in the Sea of Cortez, Voyage of the 
Mongol and Under the ice in Antarctica 
with the Weddell Seal. 

Tickets to the film festival are available 
at the UCSD Central Box Office, 452-
4559, and at local diving shops. For more 

. information, call 452-3120. 

THE· STUDENT REGENT? 
Applications are now available for the position of Student Regent. 
The position is open to all currently enrolled UC students who will 

attend a UC campus next year. 

A time commitment and expertise in systemwide issues affecting students are impqrtant 
qualifications, but not absolute necellities. 

Nominating Commillion applications are also available. 

One graduat~ and 0rw: ~dergradu~te fr~ each campus wiD be se~~d .te: be 
a part of ·this Comrmnlon that will decide the Student Regent senn-finalists. 

, 

APPUCA noNS AND INFORMATION ARE AV AlLA8LE AT 
11fE ASSOCIATED S11JDENTS OFFICE (4524450). THE DEADUNE FOR 

SllJDENT REGENT IS JANUARY 23, 1980; FOR NOMINATING COMMISSION 
FRIDAY, JANUARY 18,1980. 

UCSD 
Budget NurrberS 

accepted 

Friday, Jan. 18, 1980 :t'he DaUly Guardian 9 

'Sizwe8ansi'Tops Local Theater List 
Invitation North 
Confinns Choice 

8y William E. Gibson 
Senior Staff Writer 

It's time again, as we enter the new 
decade, for critics to select the beat 
offerings of the year in their particular 
fields . I can't pret~nd to have 
approached seeing all the theatre San 
Diego has had to offer, but I've chosen 
eight theatre events which I can truly 
say were extraordinary. It should be 
noted that I have excluded from my list 
the touring companie.s which have 
visited the area in the last year. Criteria 
for selection included excellence of the 
play itself, as well as its production. 

My' first choice was easy. The 
Southern California Black Repertory 
Theatre's proQuction of Athol Fugard's 
"Sizwe Bansi is Dead," directed by 
UCSD's Luther James, was the best 
production I saw in San Diego last 
year. In fact, it is probably the best 
spectacle I've ever seen. Fugard's play 
goes far beyond the searing indictment 
it certainly is, to become a brilliant 
exploration of the effect of visual media 
on a people previously unexposed to 
such western gimmicks as cameras, of 
the agony which accompanies rapid 
social change, and of the adaptability 
of the African when faced with 
h.atefully twisted situations foisted on 
him by a silent and removed 
government. The play opens with a 45-
minute monologue, given in the Black 
Rep's production by John Huston, Jr. 
His characterization of the 
photographer Styles during this 
monoloRue was srunning; far from 

being bored by this long speech, I was 
captivated, and extremely sorry to see 
the monologue end, giving way to the 
body of the play. This later portion of 
the spectacle was as excellent, 
however, and the growing camaraderie 
between Styles (later Buntu) and 
James Avery's Sizwe was equally 
delightful. I am not alone in mv 
estimation of the production, for the 
Black Rep has been invited to perform 
"Sizwe Bansi", perhaps in repertory 
with another Fugard play, "The 
Island," at this year's Oregon 
Shakespeare Festival, one of the most 

attended on the west coast. 
My second choice is the John Muir 

Theatre's recent production of Georg 
Buchners' "Woyzeck." Like Sizwe 
Bansi, the Woyzeck crew worked 
within a low budget placing th~ 
emphasis on the actors rather than 
technical razzle·dazzle. The play, an 
acknowledged (if unfinished) 
masterpiece of the 19th century, and a 
forerunner of both Brechtian social 
drama and expressionist drama, is the 
story of a you~g soldier who, ilbused 
by his superiors, is driven to kat the 
woman he ·Ioves. The language is 
phantasmagoric, bizarre and 

$" (9ne &:-~ 
,.,-,1\1£ MURPHY 

J.AZ.z B.Al."tJD 
,0/ ,jill'l /Tralldsro . 

January 27, Sunday, 8:00 pm 
UCSD Students $3.50. Students, Faculty, Staff $4.50 

General Admission $5.50 

prophetic, and very demanding. 
Richard Wirth's Woyzeck was 
brilliant. as was the inspired directing of 
Michael Addison. UCSD can be very 
proud to ha ve sent this company to UC 
Irvine for three performances. 

Third on my list is the UCSD 
Graduate Recitals, performed by the 
masters candidates as a degree 
requirement. Each .tudent was 
required to do a half-hour solo 
performance of texts of his own · 
choosing, with all the material relating 
to a common theme. These 
performances demonstrated the 

tremendous concentration and 
discipline neceasary to an actor, as well 
as various techniques such as accent, 
body position, intonation and 
adaptability these actors learned while 
participating in the program. In 
addition, the recitals gave the actors 
the opportunity to select material of 
personal or profeuional interest to 
them, and were of real intrinsic interest 
as theatrical expressions. 

Fourth comes the Old Globe's spring 
production of Peter Schaffer's 
"EQuus." Unlike the previou8 three 
selections, the Old Globe's production 
is primarily distinguished not for the 

acting or directing, but for its let and 
costume design. It takes a major eHort 
juat to follow Schaffer's inatrpction, and 
much credit is due to let deliper. 
Stephen Storer and costume cIesiiner 
Donna Couchman, who didn't merely 
follow Schaffer's directions, but 
elaborated on them, increuiRl the 
intensity of the play's effect on the 
audience. , 

Fifth i, the . UCSD Theatre, 
"Orestes, Orestes," an adaptation of 
Aeschylus "Oresteia" directed by 
Michael Addison. The site of 
"Orestes" was the Central Library 
Plaza, a move which at-~e increased 
the effectiveness and magnified the 
difficulties of the production. Addison's 
many innovations met with varying 
lucceu, al did the perfonnances of the 
actors, but unequivocaUy kudos must 
be given to the production staff for a 
very difficult job well done. 

Sixth on my list is the Old Globe's 
production of Moliere's . "The 
Misanthrope" at the Carter Center 
imovative, the directing standard, the 
set design and acting merely sufficient 
to the word, but this play il included on 
my list because I think the play one of 
the fineat ever written. and heartilv laud 
the Old Globe for braving the pens of 
the pentameter in presenting this 
French classic. 

Seventh is another John Muir 
production, this one last spring's "A 
Funny Thing Happened on the Way to 
the Forum," directed by Walter 
Schoen. Schoen pulled out all the 
stops, directing the play in a careening 
style, filling it to bursting with 
backhand slaps at antiquity, love and 
the theatre itself. All the acting and 
singing was excellent, and none better 

~a.e 10m to page J 2 

T·he 
Julliard 

'¢- Siring Quartet '¢-
• IS 

SOLD OUT 

Don't miss the Melos Quartet or 
the Quartetto Italiano 
Buy your tickets now! 

~..-;-~--- UCSD Box Office 452-4559------" 
Call 452~559 

UCSD Box Office 



10 The Daily Guardian 

'Hot'Triton Pair Set the Pace 
Cual eM'"""".,., 
rid 5,... ... know • lot 01 
men'. a.am. that don't 

~acWenleand switch 
that Iut, .. said Malone. 
".1IIoutht it waalp8Ctaallar. " 

..,...... tw~ (Keene and 
Nakay ..... ) aN hot at thil 

point in the aeuon" said coac~ J~y Malone, ~t the 
reat IhouId ltart hitting lOOn." 

Mary Egan hal been 
ICOring in double fisurel in the 
past IJames, but 'wasn't as 
eff.ctive Thursday after 

from University Events 

There II man and beast at natures mftCy. 
There. aw and low and reverence. 

And there is the man called ... 

coming off a case 01 the flu. 
Reiyins on one or two 

shooter. hal its drawback., a. 
when one i. doubIetearned or 
can't hit. But Malone and her 
players insist the team has the 
talent to field a oeurtful of high 
percentage shooters. 

Roger Corman Presents "DerSIJ Uzala" / D.lrecled by Aklra Kurosawa 
A New World Picture a., - (Eng/llflIUtIMIIe) 

TONIGHT! 
. 

7 & 9:30 pm, USB 2722 
$1.50 

University Events Box Office 
452-4559 

Friday, Jan. 18,1980 

A Shot at Champions 
For Tritons Squad 
t "",i"u."I I, ,.II1 1'''1:1 ' ,J 
Ernie Clayton. Moriarty ho~ 
to be ready today when play 
gets underway, but is anxious 
about the inexperience of the· 
team. Two freshmen are in the 
ltarting lineup, 

Meanwhile. up in Riverside 
at Ca~fomia Baptist College. 
no one knows anything about 
the basketball team'. 

Coach Jim Christopher took 
his team to Alaska for an 
extended road trip, and hasn't 
returned in time for comment. 
This i. probably indicative of 
their future league perfor. 
mance. Don't expect the 
Lancerl to joust competitively 
with too many league 
opponents. 

UCSD should also be a 
force in the league. Stan 
Hopper, a three.year veteran, 
be~eves the Tritons can take 
fint place. "Everyone on the 
team is optimistic. The league 
has been well matched in years 
pa.t, but this year we're strong 
enough, and I think we're 
going to go all the way," he 

says. 
The Cagers' quickness 

should play a main factor in 
their success. They intend to 
use a fast.running game and 
tire the other team out in their 
quelt for victory. 

Azusa Pacific should be the 
primary th idt for the 
championship. The T rilions 
are tough, and they have a 
good team, but it's unlikely 
they'D win-the league due to 
the newness of players and 
coaches. Unlikely, but not 
:rnpossible. 

Point Loma will allo 
provide some stiff competition, 
but they don't look a. good as 
they have been. Their luck has 
td run out sometime, and this 
year the league is too evenly. 
matched for them to sweep an 

ea~ championship. 
Battling out lalt place in the 

cellar will be Cal &ptist and 
Southern Cal College. Both 
schools are too small and too 
inexperienced to be able to do 
any seriOUI damage. 

GRAMMAR 
MOSES 

OASIS 
SECOND 
STORY 

is waiting for your call ... 

¢===~452 .. 2284 

2 pm to 4 pm 
Mon·Fri 

ASK 
GRAMMAR 
MOSES 
A GRAMMAR 
QUESTION 

GRAMMAR HOTLINE 
OffICe of Academic Suppon & Instructional Services 

Friday, Jan. 18, 1980 

Classifieds 
announcements 
SCURI WANTS YOU! Apply for a Staff 
Assistant position today! (1/18) 
Ticking away the moments that make 
up a dull day ... Liven it up on Sat 19th -
8:30 at the Warren Apts Btock Party. 
Live B and live fun ... Raffle and prizes. 
(1 11 8) 
A PRE ·ORGAS MIC WOMEN 'S 
GROUP WILL MEET FOR 10 
SESSIONS BEGINNING January 
23rd . All women interested in learning 
about female sexuat response and 
individual orgasmic potential in a 
sl"(1all group sett ing are encouraged to 
call : ext. 2669 (ask for Sharon), ext. 
3755 (ask fOf Rhoda) . This group will 
be led by Rhoda Olkin (Counseling & 
Psychological Services) and Sharon 
Keating (Student Health Center). 
(1 / 18) 
Musicians cheerleaders needed for 
student film and performance. 
Lotsafun . Leave message for Leo 
481 -9889. (1/18) 
SCURI does a lot more than just 
passout grant money. Become a Staff 
Assistant and find outl (1 / 18) 
Wanted: prospective AAG partici -
pants. Male or female, must be a 
commuter Sign up now at Time Out. 
(t 124) 
Commuters unite. It's time to show 
your athelet ic prowress. AAG team 
sign ups are now at Time Out. (1 / 24) 
It 's coming!1 Spirit night 1980. Bigger 
and better than ever. Be there on 
January 26 10 the Main Gym. 
(t / 17,20) 
TO: REVELLE GRADUATING 
SENIORS: A list of Winter t 980 
Revelle graduates is posted .on the 
board outSide the Revelle Provost's 
OHice. Please check to make sure 
your name is on it. If you have any 
questions, please see liz Myers. 
(1/18) 
JAZZ EXERCISE AND RHYTHMIC 
AEROBICS at UTC. For more 
infermalion call North YWCA 274-
4260 (1/22) 

Want some experience? Work w~h the 
State Legislature; LObby Annex psition 
open. Call AS )<. 4450. L: Sago.(1118) 
The 1980-81 SCURI Director will have 
been a Staff Assistant. Apply now. 
452-3917. (1/18) 

personals 
LARRY B CONDITIONS IN THE 
REVELLE CAFF. ARE TERRIBLE. 
DOES MR. BELLUCHI HAVE TO VISIT 
AGAIN? (1/ tB) 
Work with the stale Legislature-LObby 
Annek job open. Conta ct Associated 
Students x445O. linda Saba (1/18) 
Commuters, 1t's.AAG lime again! Feb. 
2nd sign ups are bei ng taken at the 
community center. (1/24) 
Birthday coming up? Or just want an 
excuse to embarrass a fr iend? Call 
Happy Birthday Company! Dan or 
Rick at 455-1280, 453-1957. We'll 
bake and deliver cake with song for 
only $6.50. (1118) 
Happy 19th Birthday Bernie - Ourtop 
banana. We love you Jill Andrea and 
Mart ine. (1/18) 
Papa Pat and Rhoda: It's sad to see 
you go. Serra Hall won't be the same. 
The best of luck to both of you. We will 
all miss you. DC (1/ 18) 

wanted 
Musicians interested in forming a pep 
band to play for home basketball 
games. Contacl Karen. 452-4211 . 
(1/t7,20) . 

WANTED: Chaperones and tutors for 
Europe and Mexico tours. Discounls 
for your services Call 714-540-
9477.(21' ) 
Part-lime position distributing local 
newspaper to COin racks and dealers, 
25 hours per week. salary plus 
commission Wed. Hours are 6:00pm-
1 :00 am.other hours are flex ible.' 
Contact Diane for interview/appoint-
menl 459-4201 . 

The Dally Guardian 

Wanted: Lobby Annex Director-travel-
experience-work With Ca l. State 
LegiSlature. Call x4450 A.S. % L Saba. 
(1/ 18) 

&lbjects for brain-wave expt In Med 
School $3 / hr 5 hr expt. Males left -
handed; females left or right handed, 
x4266 Debbie 9·4. (1/ 1 B,2t ,23.28) 
I will pay your train fare to LA this Fri .. 
return Sun. if you will babysit my 7yr 
old on the ride . 481 ·7228 . 
(1117.30.31 ) 

WANTED: ride from LaCosta to UCSD 
for 9AM Tuesdays & Thursdays; 
returning - leaving UCSD at 4:30 pm. I 
expect to pay fairly for either or bolh. 
753-4153 (1/23) 
Need small refrigerator for dorm, 2 - 5 
cu. ft. Call Jetf or Henry at 455- 7498 
any time. (1/ 18) 

Carnegie A -440 Restaurant has 
posilions available for cooks 
Applicants must be enthusiastic and 
energetic. Organizational talents and 
the ability to work meticulously are 
requisite qualities. Applicants are 
screened carefully. No previous 
COOking eXPfjrience is necessary. 
Carnegie A-440 will train you. Apply In 
person 2212 Carmel Valley Road, Del 
Mar. (1/24) 
Math lA.· Need math book for this 
class now. Call 453-4833 leave 
message for John. (1/21) 

for sale 
Firewood cui to SIze. Call Phil 270-
7392 atter 7 pm. (11 1 B) 
Datsun 280Z-1975 Exc cond , 
economical. Stereo, A/C. new tires 
$5800, flexible. Call Steve 436-55t1. 
(1/1 8) 
VW Camper 1971. Bed, frig, stove, 
sink, exc cond, gd tires. $3200. Call 
Steve 436-551 1. It's a house on 
wheels. (1/18) 

The §tudent !:!ealth Information frogram presents: 

-AN EXPLORA nON OF HEALTH PERSPECTIVES: 
relevant information for better personal health 

in a University setting 

Informal, Mini Lecture/Discussion Series 

Humanities Library Auditorium 1:00 pm 

Monday, January 21st: 
Promotive Health & Self.RespOnsibility 

Monday, February 4th: 
Substance Use & Abuse 

Tuesday February 19th: 
Nutrition 

Monday, March 3rd: 
Common Illnesses on Campus 

Guest speakers will present practical information to 
help you begin the s~eps towards being a healthier 

individual.. .please join us. 

FREE mattress and box spring double. 
If you can pick it up it's yours. It's not in 
great condition. but its bettwr than 
nothing. Ask tor Lynn at 452-"3468 
(Guardian days) or 454-5879 eves. 
(211) 

For Sale : Schwinn Contenenllal 
excellent condition. 452-1898. (1/22) 

For sale: commercial pop corm maker 
and merchandizer - just like the ones 
in the movies theatres. Perfect for 
campus clubs & organizations ... $425. 
Call A-440 offices at 454-7232. (1/24) 

housing 
Roommate wanted non-smoker 
female for own room in Playmor 
condo $140 /mo. Call KJ or Nancy. 
453-7841. (1122) 

Own room in Card iff duplex.Fire-
place/yard/gar. comm pool share 
with 31n 4 Bd.2 1/2 Bh. 137 Imo.& 1/ 4 
util. De.p. &' Iast mo. rent. 279-0122 or 
436-6088.(1 t8) 
Need a place to stay? We have a 
house in Del Mar - fireplace, patio. 
near beach! Sue 452-3362 or 755-
3662 (1/18) 

services 
WRITE BETTER PAPERS. Send $t for 
our booklet 'Tips on Academic 
Writing" and our descriptive catalogue 
of thousands of COllegiate research 
tOpiCS. Box 4241 -SB Berkeley, CA 
94704 (415) 239-6339. (1/24) 

Term paper blues? Will type and edit 
English, Scienllfic, all theses and 
dissertations. Sue: 729-9543.Garls-
bad. (1118) 

HOMEWORKERS: Earn $50.00/hun-
dred securing, stuffing envelopes. 
Free detaits. reply: nan, L14W, Box 
94485, Schaumber" III. 60124 (2/1) 

The Country Deli 
luJ_oIour dellelouo .... 1 __ 

-0--01 -"" Of _ ... rue 
r"--'- __ 2pm_ .,,' 
, 11111 coupon GIllie , 
: c~ : , , 
," ' : l..-o'~ : 
· ....--- . 
· ' · , 
· . • 

,/ 
' ~~Q eo<Pit.,30Jonuary. 19BO .. 1030' __ _ 

- ---, LO'::7~ ~ 6110 __ 
San DIego. CA 2f'.9766 

II 

Typists: IBM exper Itheses/disser/ 
term papers /editing. RUSH jobsl453-
0656,452-1 488, 286-4936.225-t449. 
(6It5) 
Men. Women:JOBS! CRUISESHIPS! 
SAILING EXPEDITIONSI SAILING 
CAMPS.No Experience. Good pay. 
SUJTlmer, career , NATIONWIDE. 
WORLDWIDE! Send $4 .95 for 
application/ i nfo/referrals to 
CRUISEWORLD 205 Box 60129, 
SacramentO,Ca 95870.(1/30) 

JENNY's HOME TYP1NG - Term 
papers. theses, diss. Days and eves, 
225-1449 (6/7) 
Dissertationlthesis! Have your 
dissertationlthesis put into memory 
which saves time and $1 Additions, 
deletions & corrections simplified-
perfect copy, Call 296-6973 before 3 
pm, Isk for Audrey. (2/6) • 
TYPing - term papers, theses, diss. 
IBM correcting selectric. Reasonable 
Mrs Olds, 455· 1027. (1/20) 
Fast accurate typing reasonable rates 
Call Shirley FrankS 272-8889 between 
7:00 am and 1:00 pm (1/ 18) 

IOlt and found 
Reward: Lost silver chain bracetet last 
week. Sentimental value 455-9679 
Wf¥ldy. (1118) 
GOLD BRACELET FOUND ON 
REVELLE PATHWAY Phone John at 
488-5549 to claim. (1/19) 
HELP!Lost Tues in USB 3010 a book 
"Philosophers' Stone." If found please 
return CUL or I'll have to pay! (1I t8) 
LOST 1/15 HSS 1305 cloth jacket 
beige with Zipper Call Ray 27 t -5360. 
(1/18) 
Lost contact lens case conta ining 1 
lens boiler a pair of glasses contact 
Ray 453·7880.1 need my eyes! 
LOST : Blue Security Pacific 
CheCkbook on Thursday of last week 
1/10/80. If found pleasea call Cris 
Melton at 452-7093. (1/18) 

UCSD has a. 
DENTAL GROUP 

at the 
Student Health Center 

with 
Student Ra.tes 

• EXAMINATIONS 
• DENTAL WORK 
• HYGIENISTS 

are available for 
cleaning teeth 

We can do spouses, too! 

MONDAY thru FRIDAY 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
phone: 452-2080 

How long has it been since y'ou've 
seen a dentist? 



12 The Daily Guardian 

Moliere Shines 
Continued from paRe 7 
troupe called the Theatre du 
SoIeiJ. Mnouchkine, who spent 
four years on the series, says, 
"I love a spectacle 
passionately," and Molie.re 

This Weekend 
In Sports 

Continued from page 6 
season as a club sport, 
competing against UC Santa 
Barbara and Point Lorna at 
Black's Beach at 7 am. 

-AII·Cal Volleyball 
competition is held all day in 
the UCSO main gym. UCSO 
plays UCLA at 9:30, UC 
navis at 11 :30, and UC Santa 
Cruz at 1:30. 

-Men's and women's 
fencing travel to t..o. A~eles 
to face UCLA and UCSB. 

-Men's rug~ plays 
Cyprea 'College in Escondido. 

certainly proves that. 
Everything from the 
camerawork of Jean Paul 
Meurisse to the music bf Rene 
Clememcic to the set and 
costume designs has 
grandeur. In fact , MoLiere 
probably benefits from being 
shown on a small screen which 
tends to counterbalance the 
epic proportions. 

own technique and shots linger 
too long on attractive images. 
In addition, her script is 
occasionally lacking in 
revealing interaction among 
the characters. She employs a 
voice over narration to bridge 
gaps of tim and although 
necesssary for clarification, it 
is sometimes obtrusive. 

The flaws , though, are not 
serious and Moliere far 
outshines almost everything 
else on TV. One true asset to 
the production is the superb 
performan ce of Phillipe 
Caubre who plays Moliere 
from 18 until his death at 51. It 
is a performance that grows 
and changes with an elegance 
that matches the style of the 
series. 

Moliere is shown on 
Wednesdays at 8 pm in an 
excellently dubbed English 
version and on Saturdays at 2 

Friday, Jan. 18,1980 

Poor Execution 
Quiets 'Shout' 

I 

Continued from po~p 8 
The analogy of the 

unfinished jigsaw puzzle. also 
applies to the way in which the 
director introduces his 
charact rs into each scene. All 
five are dressed in white in the 
opening sequence and all 
arrive at the mental institution . 
From the conversation that 
occurs between Stephens and 
Curry, it is easy to deduce that 
the two are employees. York 's 
absence from the cricket game 
suggests that she is not a 
patient. As for Bates and 
Hurt, the viewers raise up their 
hands in a gesture of 
bewilderment. If they were 
committed to the mental 
institution, the two men would 
not have been able to come 
and go as they please, and yet, 
Bates and Hurt are seen 

driving to the place. This 
would lead the audience to the 
conslusion that the two are not 
patients, but then, Stephens is 
heard to say tha t Bates 
believes "his soul is shattered 
into four parts," and Hurt is 
shown in the flashbacks 
becoming increasingly 
unbalanced by York 's love for 
Bates. With such open· 
endedness Skolimowski leaves 
his viewers in a constant state 
of frustration . 

Mike Molloy's camera· 
work in The Shoul is beautiful 
in its composition, and at,the 
same time, lopsided in its 
execution. 

The Shout is now playing at 
the Fine Arts Theater in 
Pacific Beach. 

- The sailing team 
competes in the Douglas Cup 
FJiminations in New Port 
Beach today and Sunday. 

Mnouchkine has a definite 
flair for this sort of style and 
she catches her viewers in it. 
Yet her broad strokes do not 
overlook the intimate details. 
Her scenes of Jean Baptiste 
playing with his friends , for 
instance, are simply done and 
are effective in establishing 
Jean Baptiste's character. 
Additionally, Mnouchkine 
dbes not let her romanticism 
about the period obscure the 
facts - she shows the dirty 
living conditions and the 
problems with lice in order to 
give some realism to the 
grandeur. This Year's Best Perforll1ances 

Sunday 
-Women's rullby travels 

to UC Riverside for a 1 pm 
match. 

Mn.o uchkine, though, 
sometimes gets too enraptured 
with her own romantic sweep. 
At such times, the film 
becomes too conscious of its 

Continued from page 9 congratulations, and a disclaimer. In my 
My eighth choice was occasioned, as was the opinion the San Diego Repertory Theatre and 

sixth, more by the selection of the play than by the Marquis Public Theatre are two of the most 
the production itself. For this reason, the important avenues for drama in San Diego, 
Marquis Public Theatre's production of Harold because of their willingness to produce 

Sportswriter Praised 
Pinter's most recent .work, "No Man's Land" controversial and untried new plays. Their 
takes up the final position on my list. Successful contribution to San Diego culture, helping to 
production of Pinter's work demands steadfast keep it abreast of the rapidly evolving modern 
reliance on the text, willingness to assume the cultural scene, are in this respect invaluable. I Continued from /KIIJe 2 

many sports item. informative and entertaining. Mr. Laughlin 
found the ideal combination. It was the kind of story that one is 
sorry to put down; in fact, I must have read it three times. 

most bizarre roles, and a finely· honed sense of must also add that I was unable to see the Old 
timing. All these were present in the Marquis Globe's production of Pinter 's "The 

Again, keep up the good work. 
production, directed by Dr. Minerva Marquis Caretaker," starring UCSO's Eric Christmas 
and starring Robert McKenna and James and directed by Arthur Wagner. It may be that 

ROBERT W. OAKES 
Campus Budilet Officer 

Manley. I missed the finest spectacle of the year but I 
I would like to add to this list a $leneral note of can't say. 

l~A J()l~l~'A SlJRF [5 SP()RT 
(7tN;~~(~~ 

Featuring: 
O'Neill & Rip Curl wetsuits, 

Quiksilver, O.P., Offshore, Stubbies, & Pua sportswear, plus 
Surfboards, Wax, Leashes, Fins, T-shirts-

Women's and &rys' wear, too!!! 

~------------------------------------. ! ~ . 25 % off all wet suits 1.! 
:~~ 3 DAYS ONLY ~,O: 
: . ~ . January 17, 18, 19th ft~ : 
_ 0 with this coupon only ,.. " I 
._-------------------------------------7 15 Pearl Street, La Jolla 459-"4329 

954 Turqunisl' P.R. 270-33 12 270-3313 

.. ---Let us put those summer highlights back into your hair ... --... 

LUMINIZE & HENNA SPECIAL 
$I7 & up 

Men's Haircuts $IO 
... ________ (includes condition, l14t & seyle) _________ • 

""omen slightly higher 

call for appointment 
OPEN WEEKNIGHTS 

Monday-Friday 9 am-8 pm, Saturday 9 am-5 pm 
We use KMS products. VISA & Mastercharge accepted. 

~~!!!!!!~~~ 
Muir & Warren Colleges present: 

WHALE---
WATCHING-.....o...-

Saturday, January 19 
11 :30·2:30 pm 
Tickets $4.0.0 

Located at Seaforth 

Tickets on sale at 
the UEO Box Office 

CIEE 
............ Student 

Travel 
Services 

CounCil on International 
Educational Exchange 

Flight. (teheduled a charter) 
SAT A .tudent flights 

Rail.,.. ... (Europe"') 
International Student lD'. 
Study and Work Program. 

lnau,.nce 
Tours (11-35 yr oIda) 

Book 

and many more ....... rvlc .. 

. Open M-W·F 8-1, Tu/Th 12-3 
upstal,. In the I 
Student Cente, ... -~---


