
The Dail~ GU'ardian 
Volume 40, Number 21 

A..:iate New. Editor 
Campus planners have chosen the 

glider ,trip property instead of 
desolate university-owned land east 
of the campus as the site for a 
privately-owned and operated 
conference center and motel. 

The conference center, which wiD 
be situated on land given to the 
univeristy by the city for educational 
P'lrpoaes, will only be utilized by 
UCSD 30 percent of the time, 
drawing. 70 percent of its buainess 
from off campus. 

The .e1ected location for the center 
- a 10 ... e parcel on the east side 01 
the glider strip, currently a grove of 
trees - wu supported by the 
majority of the Campus-Community 
PIannint Committee over seven other 
university-owned lands IUlTOUndintl 
the campus, accordi." to Senior 
Planner Pat Collum. 

Accordi." to a aite analysis 
pr .. eeI by the CCPe, the Iict. 

University of California, San Diego 

Guardian photos by Pete r AI/en 
UCSD's Open ·House 

celebration yesterday was a 
huge .ucceu - that is, if mere 
observation counts for anything. 
StrollinR couples of all age. and 
sometime.-screaming but'nearly 
alway.-giggling gaggle. of little 
kid. moved among the myriad 
science, .port aDd craft exhibits 
to the pace of jazz band. and 
go.pel singers. 

Modem dancers, sponlOred 
by the Phy.ical Education 
Department, entranced a large 
crowd during the early part of 
the day, while late aftemoon 
revelers were treated to "down-
home" spiritual. by the UCSD 
GOIpel Choir. 

It was a bit cloudy most of the 
day, but no one .eemed to care 
much and it wasn't at all cold - -
especially over at the Crafts 
Center where onlookers were 
wamed by fiery kiln. and expert 
craftsmanship. 

Third College Lecture Hall 
housed a serie. of .cience films 
about space, undenea and world 
exploration, attended enthu.ias-
tically by hundred. of junior and 
senior baUoon-toten. 

Monday, April 28, 1980 

Silly Students 
Say They Will 
Save if Elected 

BY JENIFER WARREN 
StaffWnt. 

Serving on the AS Council next term is one thing 
Jeremy Charlton, Cindy Biondi, Meg Honda ana 
Randall (Todd) Thompson of the "Very SiUy 
Students" slate take seriously. 

"It's no joke. We want to win and we want to 
serve," says Charlton, who is currently in a run-off 
with Linda Sabo for AS President. 

Honda and Thompson are also in run-off races, for 
the public relations and activity fee 
commissionerships respectively. Biondi was elected 
communications commissioner in last week's vote, 
collecting 67 percent of the vote. 

"A silly victory could be so effective," continues 
Charlton. "It would attract media attention and draw 
students who are curious about what off-the-wall 
things we might do into the AS." 

Charlton labels the existing AS Council "absurd" 
and "much too political," and feels that a "siUy and 
unusual council with new priorities" would make 
students feel more comfortable with student 
government. 

"Many students don't even know the AS exists 
until spring, when the candidates come out of the 
student center of campaign," he claims. "Most 
people don't vote - why should they when the 
isolated AS doesn't provide them with anything?" 

Biondi agrees with her "siUy" slate leader, and 
feels the wide margin by which she won (560 votes) 
says something about what students think of the AS. 

"We need new blood in the AS, and a fresh, siDy 
voice," says Biondi. "The voice of the peor.le has 
been heard. They voted me in and I won t back dewn." . 

Yet Biondi realizes the difficult position she would 
be in should her "silly" cohorts lose in this week's run-
off election. 

"It would be hard to stand alone on a serious 
council," she admits, "I need my teammates. Look at 
the great teams in history, Where would Laurel be 
without Hardy?" 

Honda also feels "a unit" of silly people on the AS 
in necessary for the slate to have an effect on student 
governance. 

"We can' t be 10 idealistic to think that one person 
(Biondi) can change the AS," says Honda, noting 
that "whether or not I serve is contingent upon 
whether Jeremy and Todd win." 

Honda believes "students need a release from the 
serious atmosphere at this school. A 'silly' AS could 
provide one such release, making council meetin$ls 

Please tum to page 12 

Conference Center to be 
Built at Glider Stri 

Although a small portion of the 
conferences wiD be generated by the 
university , most of its business wiu be 
drawn from other educational and 
scientific organizations, as well as 
business firms located within the 
immediate environs of UCSD, 
according to CoDum. strip property overlooking the Pacific 

has more advantages; it has good 
accelS from the campus, it is not near 
a residential development, the land 
quality is good and there has been no 
community resistance. 

However, building a center at that 
site wiD require the destruction of a 
grove of trees. 

Although the center wiD utilize one-
third of the strip, Collum believes it 
should not interfere with the hang 
glider., since "the ;iders start at the 
cliff. and 10 west.' 

Two members of the committee 
were opposed to uain, that site, 
indua", Chairman Jeff fraubchy, 
but were outvoted. frautschy feel. 
that thia .ite int with the 

city's plan to develop a major park 
and access to the beach in the 
surrounding area. 

A better alternative, Frautschy 
said, would be a large parcel of land 
north-east of the campus, off of 
Mirimar Road. But the committee 
said thumbs down to that location, 

. daiming it was "relatively far from 
the campus population," Collum said. 

The privately-owned center -
which wiD consist of 25,000 square 
feet 01 conference rooma, 200 motal 
roorna, a bar, restaurant, swimminS 
pool, hot tub, and tennis courts - will 
fulfill the universitY'1 desire to develop 
a conference center devoted to 

"~nl Hrioua educational and 

Whether or not the university wiD 
be given priority to use the center over 
off-campus firms has yet to be worked 
out, she added. 

The university willleaae the land to 
a private developer , who will 
construct, own and operate the 
center, since it is "not financially 
viable for the university" to do so, 
Collum said. 

The land on which the center wiI 
be built WM given to the university 
from the city of San Diego to be, UNCI 
for educational purpoaea. And, 
Collum, said, the city has "demed the 
center a. edu<:ational." 

Collum at.o sb'eued that the 



2 The Daily Guardian Monday, April 28, 1980 
-----------------------------------------

1L--_A_S_P_re_s_i_de_D_t_ia_I_C_aD_d_i_d_a_te_s_: _A_D_o_t_h_e_r _L_o_o_k_~11 
Friendly Chris 
Wants to be 
A Somebody 

Hiya! I'm ChriSlie and I want to be 
/lour AS President! Why, you may 
conveniently aak, do I want to do this? 
Simple. 

All my life I have wanted to be 
aomebody. Not just another nameless 
face in the crowd like the rest of you. 
Towards thi, end, I decided to get 
involved with campus politics, »ince it 
is a cruiae job, and I like to see my 
name in print. Also, I broke up with my 
boyfriend, and I really enjoy meeting 
people. 

Its Immaterial 
So Why Not 
Vote For Me 

\\'ho I am is unimportant and what I 

I'm just like you in every respect. I 
will work hard for you and no one else. 
You are a unique person, you who are 
reading this right now. This message is 
directed at you and you alone. You are 
very special to me. I want to be YOUl:' 

. Jean·Paul Georgen.Ringo 
(All. AmerICan Party) (Existential Phenomenology Plank) 

• have to say is immaterial, unless you 
ascribe meaning to it. The AS elections 
are a senseless and inconsequentia l 
matter. I quite frankly do not care if I 
am elected , because in the end, it will 
make no difference who is elected . 
Things will happen just as they would 
have. The elec tions process is 
problematic. Life is but a concept, the 
building of image upon image into a 
paradigm of the universe. You are the 
principle agent of action. If your 
projection of me, the candidate, is 
favorable, based on your internalized 
conceptions, then this particular 
framework which you call election, will 
elect me to office. That I happen to be 
running is an arbitrary reality you ha ve 
selected out of possible realities. It is friend. 

Please lum 10 page 8 

Inanimate 
Objects 
Unite! 

The Daily Guardian received several complaints from 
disenchanted readers who felt that our AS election coverage 
was inadequate, in that we neglected to include all the 
candidates. In the interest of fairness, we called in William 
Hamilton, astute political writer and part-time Shah, who 
interviewed these deprived and depraved contenders. Their 
statements of qualification and a brief interview are reprinted 
here to the best of Hamilton's recollection. 

Please lum 10 page 8 

Psycho: I'm 
Ok If I Take 
The Medication 

The students at UCSD have been 
treated as inaminate objects for long 
enou"". We have been dehumanized, 
brutalized and exploited by the campus 
power e~te, in eddition to having been 
!.lied aa pawns in intra·administration 
power struggles. 

Our incoming Chancellor doesn't 
know jack shit about UCSD, and our 
coalition promises to give him living 
hell if he doesn't learn, and learn fast. If 
elected, I will personally make sure tha t 
he understands that under no 
circumstances is he to butt in on 
undergraduate affairs, and that in no 
way is he to attempt to allow 
undergraduate education to take a 
secondary role to research, evt!n 
though it always will. 

Lenny N. Marcus Ronnie 'Psycho' Raynes 

Greetings, earthings. I am going to 
be your next AS president. Once I 
have assumed power, there are going 
to be some changes made around here. 
Since apprising you of some of them in 
advance pleases and humors me, here 
goes. 

Classrooms in the Humanities 
Library building will be designated 
clothing·optional. The piranha will 
become the new school mascot. Music 
will be prohibited on campus; hence, 
the entire faculty and staff of tha t 
department will be executed by firing 
squad at precisely 12 noon on 
mauguration day. Right thinking will 
be rewarded. Wrong thinking, as we 
know it, will cease to exist. The laws of 
thermodynamics will be repealed. 
Pleasurable activities will be heavily 
taxed. New colors will be discovered. 

My past activities have includt!d 
organizing the sit·in at the proposed 
lite for the construction of a doomsday 

Please tu rn to {lage 8 (Radical Iconodut Coalition) (Alien Interventionist Platfonn) 
As for biographical information,' I 

Please turn 10 paRe 8 

Face The Music: A Waltz for the Candidates 
DAILY GUARDIAN: Good afternoon and 

welcome to the special elections 'face the music ' 
interview. Today's participants are contenders for 
AS offices. I'm not sure which one's which, so l'Ujust 
throw o~t questions and see who answert . 

Beginning with the least important, I'd like to ask 
the AS presidential candidates just what the fuck they 
plan to do if elected in order to get the other members 
of the AS off their aSlies and accomplish some 
meaningful work. ' 

CANt>IDATE: Well, first of all, I'd have special 
chairs set up in a conference roorn; you know, like 
that James Bond movie where if anyone fucks up the 
head guy presses the button and the trouble· maker is 
disintegrated. That'd be hot! 

Then, I'd establish a set of goals, or as we call them 
in politics, "priorities," since they never get done like 
goals are supposed to. I would then assign each 
officer one of them so that you don't have everyone 
working on the same thing and come up with identical 
stupid JJroposais. 

DC: What sort of priorities would you deal with? 
Cand: Well, the usual . I'd like to bring Hendrix to 

the Mandeville auditorium for a show-
DG: Hendrix ia dead. 
Cand: Oh. Well then, maybe we could bring him 
t~the med school for an autopsy, like as a Regent's 
cadaver or something. I know some great oc.nd. in 
LA we could bring down, anyway. 

AIIO I think laboratory safety is real important. 
You remember that lab that burned upat Muir? Well, 
you know what kind of stuff they're doing in those 
labe. It'. setting out of hand. Pretty soon some of 
these mutations are gonna figure out how to cut out of 
a petri dish, and then we've had it for sure. 

DG: How will you bring respect to the AS in light 

of the fact that you may be runnmg it? 
Cand: Got me. 
DC: OK. Let's turn to the VP candidates. What 

exactly is the duty of the vice.president? 
Cand: The VP is specifically delegated the 

following duties and power . \\'henever the prexy is 
wasted or asleep during a meeting, the VP substitutes 
for him. Additionally the VP can become president in 
case some tragedy inadvertantly befalls the 
president, such as assassination. 
, And , of course, the VP plots against the president 

with the others and eneralIv stirs u discontent with 

~i' ~ ~:~,~_T:e. ~=i~ J 
learn by example the proper way of making 
monumental blunders. 

It 's an in group, let's face it. Once we're in, do you 
think we'l ever listen to a student opinion? Hell no, 
we'll be busy drink in' at the Pub and plotting ways to 
get kickbacks from the gigs we get for our musician 
friends from LA. 

DC: The commissioner of communications must 
have some pretty heavy responsibilities. How do you 
propose to improve the campus media? 

Cand: I will attempt to get all the campus 
newspapers to merge into one big paper so they will 
be easier to bring under AS censorship control, 
unlen they do exactly as I say. Especially the Dail/l 
Guardian , which is autonomous, and therefore 
considers itself beyond recall, when it is in fact 
beneath contempt. 

I will attempt to promote through the media the 
great bands we get from LA and thus get bigger 

kickbacks to pay for our private parites, without 
having to dip into student funds and run the risk of 
being caught. 

I'd like to add that the AS council can work for the 
students onl}' if their views are accurately 
represented . This is my foremost concern in this 
election, aqd I promise to lee that the AS is not 
destabilized if this should somehow occur. 

00 \\'hat kind of activity fee reform is necessary, 
and what would you as commissioner do about it? 

Cand: I think we're all getting tired pf the same old 
programming schlock: movies, recitals, plays, etc. 
What we need is to get more good rock bands from 
LA down here to play -for an outrageous sum of 
money. I plan to insure that there is no favoritism 
exhibited in the allocation of money to the LA bands 
we hire by devoting time to developing a formula for 
distributing money that is fair to all the LA groups we 
select. 

I might mention that through my two years on the 
AS council, I have learned how to work around 
bureaucratic processes instead of with them. I have 
no grand delusion that only I can remedy these 
problems. The only delusion I am operating under is 
that anyone would vote for me. 

00 What is the responsibility of the external 
affairs commissioner? 

Cand: The commissioner catches the flak when a 
student holds up a liquor store off campus, collects 
the sluah money the mob pays us for keeping quiet 
about University Towne Center, and stuff li.ke that. 
And, of course, the commissioner i. the one 
responsible for coordinating the off.campu. LA 
county search for rock bands to play at As.. 
IIOOnsored functions. 

Pleas/! turn 10 pag/! 8 

Monday, April 28 , 1980 

Iranians Claim 
More Were Killed 

TEHRAN - A leading 
Iranian judge said yesterday 
that at least 29 US servicemen 
died in the failed attempt to 
rescue the Ameri c an 
hostages. But the White 
House insisted only eight 
bodies were left behind in the 
Iranian desert. 

Ayatollah Sadegh Khal· 
khali displayed maps , 
machine guns and the bodies 
of eight servicemen at the US 
Embassy in Tehran. He said 
the remains of nine had been 
recovered and at least 20 
more commandos died, "but 
their bodies are powder now." 

Broadcasts by Tehran 
Radio claimed nine Ameri· 
cans were killed . 

There was no explanation 
for the display of only eight of 
the bodies. 

\\'hile the bodies, in sheets 
and plastic bags, were being 
moved into the embassy, the 
hostages were being moved 
out, transferred to cities such 
as Tabriz and Qoin, Tehran 
Radio said. There were hints 
Iran might demand a payoff 
for return of the bodies . 

Iranian President Abolhas. 
sen Bani·Sadr, in an interview 
with French radio, said that in 
light of the US rescue attempt 

early Friday, "A solution with 
the Americans is almost 
impossible." But he also said 
that " if the Americans 
guarantee not to interfere in 
our internal affairs, a solution 
could quickly be found. " 

Ayatollah Sadegh Khal. 
khali, a leading revolutionary 
judge, told reporters at the 
embassy that a giant map 
taken from one of the 
abandoned US ai rcralt 
showed the commandos 
planned to strike 14 centers in 
Tehran, including the home of 
Ayatollah Rudhollah Kho. 
meini, the Iranian leader. 

He claimed 18 planes , 20 
helicopters and 3,000 men 
were involved in the mission. 

A Tehran Radio broadcast 
quoted the Iranian militants as 
saying yesterday that an 
unspecified number of 
hostages had arrived In 
Tabriz , the capital of 
Azerbaijan Province in 
northern Iran. It did not say 
when they left Tehran. The 
captors said other hostages, in 
their 176th day of captivity 
yesterday, were to be sent to 
Qom, Iran's religious capital, 
about 100 miles south of 
Tehran. 

r-------------------------I : The Fmme Shoppe : 
I I 
: ... etc. : 
I 4079 Governor Drive, San Diego, CA 92122 I 
I (714 )-453-7920 I 
: _ Tuel.day thnl Saturday, 9:30-5:00 : 
: 20% 0" .n graphic. with thl. coupon. I 
I Oft.r good thru •• r 3. I -------------------------~ 

~AnENTION~ REVEW STUDENTS: 1980·81 College Intems 
,---- 4 Positions Available: ----, 

N9INsletter Editor 
Noon Programs/Specialty Events 

Foculty-Student Events 
Commuter Resources/Events 

r-- Full year, paid posftlons. 
Applications In Dean', otIIce. 

Deadline: friday, May 2. 

The Daily Guardian 
3 

DOONESBURY by Garry Trudeau 

Vance Resigns 
Cabinet Post 
WASHINGTON - Cyrus 

R. Vance, a tireless voice for 
moderation and conciliation 
inside the Carter administra· 
tion, is quitting as secretary of 
state following his solitary 
opposition to the ill· fated 
attempt to rescue American 
hostages in Iran. 

Vance's resignation, 
confinned last night by two 
high administration officials, 
came as a shock even though 
he had planned to leave at the 
end of President Carter's 
current term. It left a vacancy 
in the management of US 
foreign policy at a time of 

considerable international 
turmoil , with the nation 
embroiled in disputes 
involving Iran, the failed 
rescue mission and the Soviet 
move into Afghanistan. 

One US official, who 
declined to be identified, said 
Vance was the only member of 
the National Security Council 
who opposed the rescue 
operation as too risky. "They 
had a good relationship," the 
official said of Vance and 
Carter, "but both concluded it 
waa impossible for him to 
function as secretary of state." 

It was not known who would 
replace Vance, but specula. 
tion centered on Warren 
Christopher, the deputy 

secretary whose role grew as 
Vance's declined. 

USSR Brings In 
New Missiles 
NEW DELHI, India 

The Soviet Union has 
introduced ballistic rniSliles 
into Afghanistan that · are 
believed to carry nuclear 
warheads and have sufficient 
range to control entry into the 
Persian Gulf, Indian news 
reports said yesterday. 

The Pres. Trust Of India 
said a new Soviet miaile 
capability in Afghanistan i. 
seen aa "a counterweight to 
the American presence in the 
Indian Ocean." 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES $150 
Includes complele eye examination, Including tonometry . lenses fitting work up 

training, care kit and follow up vlllits - complete - no additional charges 

Beware of the qUick eye examination and contact lens fit. It may bt too qUick. The best eye examination and ' 
contact lens fitting IS painstaking. methodical. thorough. and consists of numerous tests. A minimum 
number of 4 Vis its Is requi red to achieve a proper fit. Our office is equipped with the most Sophisticated. ad. 
vanced and computerized instrumentation in the world in order to achieve the best eye examination and 
contact lens fitting possible, 

All contact lens fitlng include a written agreement that allows you 10 return your contacts and receive a re-
fund at your discretion w ith a specific period ot time, 

If you 've been thi,nking about con tacts. visit San Diego's most technologically·advanced optometric office 
today" Ou r large library ot lenses allows us to send you home w ith your new contacts the same day they are 
fitted In most cases. 

Gall today tor an appoin tment. free consultation or Inlormation packet explaining soft lIexible hard torlc 
(for correc tion of astigmatism) sott . and ex tended wear (24-hour) con tact lenses,' . . 

Dr. D. A. Rorabaugh. Aaaocllt .. , 
Optomttrtlta 

1939 Grand Avenue . PaCific Beach. CA . 272-22 tt 

MaSlercha rge and VISA acceplea 

MEMORIZE THIS NUMBER 

6--81-9000 
IT COULD BE THE KEY TO YOUR FUTURE 

What it means is this-if you plan to complete a B.S. or M.S. in Math , 
Science or Engineering between now and May of 1981, you may qualify 
for a cash retainer program worth up to $9,000 during your last year in 
school, plus qualify for all Navy Officer benefits including free medical 
and dental care, commisary and exchange privileges and much more while 
still a student. No haircuts, no uniforms, no drills-plus a guaranteed 
commission as a teacher, research engineer or an engineering manager in 
nuclear engineering. You'll never have another offer like this- find out 

how to qualify by calling: 

Pat Hale at 293~44 or write Navy Engineering, Box 85124, 
San Diego, CA 92138, ar see us at the Placement Center an 

April 29 and 30 f~om 10 am to 2 pm. 

CHARGE OF YOUR FUTURE- NAVY 1980-~ 



.. 

Monday, April 28, 1980 

No Funds Now for SHIP Health Program 
Committee Decides to Postpone Decision until December 

BY PETER MORTENSEN 
Science Edit ... 

With ita eye on more preventive-oriented m~ca1 
terVices on campus in the future, the Student Health 
Information Program Friday asked the Registration 
Fee committee for $25,65910 fund an expansion of 
its JX08fam and services_ 

Mike McDonald, a apokeaman for the group, told 
the commiHee that although UCSD may have an 
adequate curative medical services program in the 
form of the Student Health Center, the university 
lacks any aort of aerious preventive or proactive 
health services such as a cold counseling center and 
an information authority for skin problem •. 

The convniHee promptly resolved to ask SHIP 

and the Office of Student Affairs to make a mort' 
detailed IItudy of the problem and return before the 
group next December. The committees' tabling of 
any action came after members discussed ambiguity 
and unclear substantiating evidence in the SHIP· 
pr~ared report. 

• I'm not disappointed , it'. what I was expecting," 
McDonald said alter the meeting. He did indicate, 
however , that SHIP would not heaitate to 
immediately form a fact-finding committe of its own 
in order to augment a committee on the lubject to be 
formed soon by Vice Chancellor Richard Armitage'. 
office. 

McDonald said it was his intention to resubmit a 
report to the committee well before the December 

deadline. 
Revelle Provost Chia Wei Woo, a committee 

member , exprellsed disbelief in SHIP's contention 
that the Student Health Center did not offer any kind 
of preventive medicine instruction to its patients. 

"I cannot believe that the Health Center would 
object to offering such services - maybe they don't 
have enough funds. In that case, we should look at 
their budget for next year before we start an entirely 
new operation, " Woo said. 

However, McDonald believes that thi. is exactly 
the case at the Health Center . "As we see, there are 
no (preventive health) pro¥,rams here, and in every 
other UC campus there is. ' 

A ten-page report prepared by SHIP for the 
Please 'urn '0 page 12 

Guardian pholo. bu Pel.r Allen 

A couple head toward Urey Hall to take in 
"Moon Rocks" and other science exhibits while a 
young 'computer aficionado plays games on 
terminals at AP&M. The art shows and laboratory 
tours were also well received. 

ArnNnON: 
SCIENCE GRADUATES 

Immediate Openlnp 
In Our Advanced RLD Labs 

If you're a recent 8cience graduate, or planning on graduation 
within six months, we have po.ition8 waiting for you in our top 
R&D tab • . A degree in physica, math or other related scientific 
fields may al80 qualify you for a bi·lateral degree in Electrical 
Engineering. 
The Air Force Inatitute ofTechnolotly, rated 4th in the country , 
is offering an 18-month COUI'1le leading to a BSEE degree. You 
could be earning over 11,000 a month ae a lecond lieutenant, 
while attending school free . 
If you'd rather wait to get your aSEE degree, prestigious 
poaitione are now available in our R&D labs, working with the 
late.t etate-of-the-art technology. For more detailed 
information, call Ron Canfield , (714) 293-5737, 3443 Camino 
del Rio South, 'H2O, San Diego, CA. 92018. 

All the /'i~t detail are yours 
in two super floor plans. lOme 

furnished! 

From $179.000 to. $218,00 . 
Excellent financing! 

The ~ny 
454·3153 R ... ltor 452-7906 

Monday, April 28, 1980 The Daily Guardian 5 

Water Women Get Dunked Week in Sports 
BY SAMANTHA ROBY 
As the first annual UCSD 

Women 's Dev e lopmental 
W aterpolo Tournament drew 
to a close last Saturday night, 
the Champion Commerce 
AAU team threw their coach 
in the pool to complete their 
victory. 

Commerce, a team 
composed mainly of 14to 17-
year olds, but with some as 
young as eight, disposed the 
University of Southern 
California in the semifinals and 
went on to put San Diego State 
'University away in the finals, 
7 -6, to clinch the champion-
ship. 

UCSD, going into the 
semifinals with a 2-1 
tournament record, lost to the 

SDSU Aztecs, 8-4, putting 
them in the third place game 
against USc. The Tritons had 
lost to USC twice in previous 
matches, and this was to be no 
different. USC forced UCSD 
into a fourth place finish , 9-6. 

In the first quarter, most of 
the infrequent goal attempts 
were unsuccessful. Midway 
through the period , the 
Trojans scored back-to·back 
goals to bring the score to 3-0, 
forcing the Tritons to call time-
out in an effort to regroup. The 
effort was successful and 
UCSD's Sandy Groos cut the 
defecit to two. 
The second period was very 
close, and well·played for both 
teams. Under heavy Trojan 
I ei re, Groos scored the 

Triton Tossers Fall 
BY SCOTI ALLISON 

Staff Writer 
The UCSD Ultimate Frisbee team squandered a four-point 

halftime lead over San Deigo State University Saturday, losing 
21-20 to the Aztecs in a true thriller. 

It was a disheartening loss for the Tritons, coming in the wake 
of a dismal showing at the Miller Highlife Frisbee Festival held 

Please 'urn '0 page 12 

Student 
Trave. 
ServlcM 

SUMMER CHARTERS 
~------------ Charler.tD: -----------, 

Amsterdam ....... ...• .•. . . ..... . ..... . ... $669 
Athens (from New York) ...... .. ........... $549 
Brussels . . .. ....... . .... ............... . .. $662 
Dusseldorf .... . ... .... .... _ . ... .. . ....... $649 
Frankfurt ....•.......... . .. ..............• $619 
London .............. .. .................. $502 
Madrid ........ .. .......... . .... ... ....... $579 
Paris ..... .. . •...•..••.•...•.... . . .. . ..... $698 
Tel Aviv (from New York) . . ... ... .. . .. ... .. $749 
Zurich ... - . .............. .•. .. . , ••..•.... $669 

These are round-trip fares and are subject to fuel 
surcharges. Some airlines will protect you against 
increases if you pay in full. Come and see us for a 

brochure, information or reservations. 
We are in the Student Center 
Open MWF 8 -4, Tu/Th 10-1 

Phone: 452-0630 

_CillO, .. ~ .,.. 
ow.. 0' _~ l"COMI6i!. 
~OS - ~~CI~ -1)e."~Frr 

t')OH.-~ t(:(IO-'" - ~t +,,- ~ :,a 
7'7 ~l.. ,r. - LA ~ 
-41+-"", ....... _-

lone goal of the quarter to 
bring USC ahead at the 
halfitme , 3-2. Still, the Tritons 
had high hopes for a third 
place victory. 

USC scored quickly to open 
an eventful quarter. UCSD's 
Claudia O 'Brian responded to 
the Trojan goal within 15 
seconds to bring the score to 4-
3 in favor of USC. 

With three minutes left in 
the period, the Trojans got a 
breakaway that looked like a 
sure goal. O'Brian halted the 
fastbreak and passed up the 
pool to Groos, who took a 
successful shot on goal to tie 
the score at 4-4. 

After a Trojan timeout, the 
Tritons stripped USC of their 
possession. O'Brian scored 
again, and UCSD went ahead 
for the first time. But the 
advantage was short·lived-
USC tied it up with 25 seconds 
to go. 

At the outset of the fourth 
quarter, it was anyone's ball 
game. In the first filteen 
sedonds, UCSD's Natalie 
Piel'ce made a successful goal 
attempt to put the Tritons on 
top for the second time. 

Dr. Alan Leventhal, O.D. 
Dr_ NeviUe Cohen, 0 .0 . 

• protHelon&l corporation 

Monday 
- Women's softball vs. 
Point Lorna College. 
Away, 3 pm. 

Tuesday 
- Women's softball vs. Cal 
State Dominguez Hillt'. 
Away,3 pm. 

Wednesday 
-Men's tennis vs . San 
Diego State University . 
Muir Courts, 3 pm. 

Thursday 
-Men's tennis NAIA 
Individuals at Point Lorna 
College. 

Lutheran. Away, 11 am. 
-Women's softball 
doubleheader vs. UC Santa 
Barbara. Home, 3 pm_ 

Friday-Sunday 
-Badminton State Cham-
pionships at Cal State 

Domingu~z Hills. 
Saturday 

-Men's crew VI. Loyola. 
Mission Bay, 7 am. 
-Women's softball VI. Cal 
Lutheran. Home, 1 pm. 
-Men's and ' Women', 
track VB. United Slates 
International University. 
Home, 1 pm. 

Friday 
-Women's tennis VI. Cal 
----.~~~~~~~~--~----------~ 

But from that point on, it . have the patience that they' 
was all downhill. USC scored needed. They really IIowed 
four unanswered goals, down." 
including one on a penalty For a first annual 
shot. The Trojans walked on tournament, both coaches felt 
the weakening Tritons, who it went off well despite having 
never managed to rejuvenate. to work around the school and 

"It was a mental lapse-a its limited facilitiea. "There 
two-second mental lapse can was good competition between 
kill you," commented coach the teams and that was the 
Dan Crane. purpole," commented Crane. 

"We just stopped execut- Now, the Tritons are 
ing," added coach Dan Eby. preparing for the UC Berkeley 

Neither coach is disappoint- tournament, where they have 
in the team, however. "They been placed in a bracket with 

played really well," said top-flight teams, a difficult 
Crane, "but they just didn't position for a developing team. 

North County Medical Center 
9855 Erma Road, Buite 107 

MJra Me. 566-9900 

Scheduled service with no restrictions makes 

Easy on the pocketbook: Easy to put together. 
Starting May 13: LA to Shannon; 
only $409 one way, $747* round 
trip. LA to Amsterdam; just $419 
one way, $747* round trip. Add 
$25 for our Shannon/ Amsterdam 
stop-over flight. Round trip 
fares to both Amsterdam 
and Shannon are 
effective through 
December, 1980. 

No advance purchase require-
ments. No length of stay rules or 
cancellation fees. Plus the option 
to land in one country and leave 

from another. Call 
your travel agent or 

call Transamerica 
Airlines toll-free at (BOO) 

22&.5800. VVe fly to more 
places in more countries 

than any other airline. 

Traosamenoa 
Airlines 

* Subject to (!OIIeI'nment apprO'Val. 



6 The Daily Guardian 

Academic Services 
MONDAY THRU FRIDAY 
OASIS Writing Center ollen free service for aU UCSD student. 
who need pre·writillll help, conlerence. on draft •. and editing 
advice. We elllJage any kind of writing and any kind of writing 
.. oblem. Call 452·2284 after 8: 15 am 10 schedule an 
appointment or drop in USB 40108:30·4:00 pm. Conference. 
are aI.o available Sunday eveni"lls Irom 6-S pm at The Third 
Place. located at Third College acro .. from the Munch Box. 
OASIS TARGET STUDY SKJu.s Seminar covering 
WRITING MECHANICS (Spelling & Grammar) every hour on 
the hour Irom 10 am·3 pm in 4010 USB. Individual in.truction 
available. Call 452·2284 or come by 4010 USB lor more 
inlormation. Services are free. 

MONDAY 
9:00-9:50 MI- Revelle Humanities Assignment Brainstorm: 
Smau group c ..... lor Revelle .tudents enrolled in Humanities 
Sequence 12C Luft IeCtion. Preparation lor writing directed at 
lour particuler euillll'Mnt. Cia... meets in 4070 USB. 
5ponaored by OASIS W riling Center. 
10:00 • 10:50 .... - Revelle Humanities A .. ignment 
Brantorm: SmaD IIJ'OUP clus lor Revelle .tudenta enroled in 
Humanilies Sequence 11 C Saville section. Preparation lor 
wriIina directed at your particular . allig~nt. CIa... meets in 
4070 USB. Spon.ored 01 OASIS Writing Center. 
10:30 • 1:00 pm - Eeti", Disorder GrOUfl- Do you binge 
end then la. or purge yourself 01 the lood? Do you sometimes 
stop eatint or reduce yow lood intake to the point where either 
you or othersleel thia endanaen your health? 1110. c"lacilitator 
Miriam Leve .. at X3755. 
1:00 • 2:00 pm - CAREER OPTIONS ADVISING 
SESSIONS . Inlormal adviaing meetilllls lor Humanities and 
Social Sciences Students· to explore occupational possibi~ties. 
2:00 pm - Sons and Daughter. of Separating/Divorcing 
Pare .... support group. This 8'oup is definitely lor you if you're 
feeli", one or rmre of the loIlowillll : responsible lor problema 
with your parents' relationship; caught in the middle 01 your 
parents' relationship (tom between the two); 1011, sadnell. hurt. 
confusion. allller, loneliness. relief; respo .. ible lor your siblings; 
u..,ooted; homeleu. and that something important is milling. 
Unfortunate but common experiences as these can and will be 
explored and dealt with each week in a .upporlive group 
environment. First meetillll ia to set OOJoing time. In Bldg. 412. 
Warren Campus, Room 5, with lacilitators Mark Minson & 
Miriam Leve .. (no charge). CaD Becca at " 3755 10 sign up. 

nJESDAY 
9:00 ·9: 15 am - Revelle Humanities A .. ignment Brainstorm: 
SmaU group c ..... lor Revelle studen .. enrolled in Humanities 
Sequence II C Marino section. Preparation lor writing directed 
at your particular auill.nrnent . Clall meets in 4070 USB. 
Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. 
9:00. 10:00 am - "Graduationiti." - Thi, is a discuuion and 
support group lor students who wiD be graduating in June or at 
the end 01 the lIUmmer se .. ioo, and who are (a) .cared and/or (b) 
don't know what they'lI be doing, and/or (c) have questions 
about the big unknown. Calliacilitators Rhoda Olkin at x 3755 
or Brian Storrs at x 398 7 to .ign up. Croup meet. at Warren 
College, building 412. Room 5. 
9:00 • 11:00 am - Attend the JOB STRATEGIES 
WORKSHOP· It will cover the lundamentals of the job search. 
from identifying employers to salary negotiation. Place: North 
Conference Room, Student Center. Produced by Career 
Planning & Placement . 
10:00 • 10:50 am - Revelle Humanities A .. ignment 
Brainstorm: Small group cia .. lor Revelle . tudents enrolled in 
Humanities ~uence 12C Lyon section. Preparation for writing 
directed at your particular assignment. Class meets in 4070 
USB. Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. 
10:00 • 12:00 noon - OPEN HOURS HELD IN THE 
CAREER PLANNING & PLACEMENT CENTER FOR 
ENGINEERING AND PHYSICAL SCIENCES MAJORS. No 
appointments neceasary. however it is advisable to arrive early in 
the hour. On some day. no Open hours will be held. so please call 
452·3750 to conlirm. Location: 6205 Urey Hall. 
10:00 • 12:00 - Drop-in Hours lor Physical and Engineering 
Sciences Majors are available to help you with your career and 
job·hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to you. 
6205 Urey Hall. 

10:00 • 10:50 am - Upper Division Adjunct Class. For 
transfer students. Focus on short term papers. research methods. 
composition. punctuation. and organization. Class meets lor 
eight week • . Room 4070 USB. Sponsored by OASIS Writing 
Center . 
10:00 • 11 :00 am - CAREER OPTIONS ADVISING 
SESSIONS · inlormal advising meetings lor Humanities and 
Social Sciences Student.' to explore occupational possibilities. 
At Muir Lounge Conlerence Rm. 
10:00· 12:00 noon - Do you need help in preparing lor job 
interview.? some tipt on the best ways to present your 
qualifications and what kind 01 interview questions to expect. 
Allend the Job Interviewing Workshop. in the Student Center. 
No sigIW upt necessary. Location: No. Conlerence Room. 
2:00 •• :00 pm - Drop·in hours for Physical and Engineering 
Sciences majors are available to help you with your career and 
job.hunling concerns. Come by at any time convenient to you at 
APIrM 5218. 

lHURSDAY 
10:00.11:00 am - Male Awareneu Group-This group will 
IOCUI on concerns addressed convnonly to males. Among other 
tapia 01 interest. diacullion will include po~itive and negative 

~ 01 the current view about the macho-macho male 
Aereotype : the breadwinner. the sexual advancer. the 
iMektual. the powerful .. oblem·solver. the unleeling isolate. 
the IUCcelilui competitor. the lecher. the lover. the .. otector. etc. 
The group will be primarily experiential and insightful. The 
purpose is not to create a sense 01 division between the sexe •• but 
rather to create an atmosphere and awareness lor personal 
development. Facilitator: Brian Storrs . caD Becca at x 375510 
• ign up. Meets at 412 Warren Campus Rm. 5. 
10:00 • 12:00 - OPEN HOURS HELD IN THE CAREER 
PLANNING & PLACEMENT CENTER FOR HUMANITIES 
AND SOCIAL SCIENCES MAJORS. No appointments 
necessary however. it is advisable to arrive early in the hour. On 
lOme days no Open hours will be held. so please caD 452·3750 
10 confirm. 
1:00 • 2:00 pm - CAREER OPTIONS ADVISING 
SESSIONS . informal advi.i~ meetings for Humanities and 
Social Sciences Students' to explore occupational pOIIibilities. at 
W.ren Conference Rm. WlJIren Provo Office. 
3:00 ·4:00 pm - Weight Management Group-The purpol\e 
01 this group is to help lIudentslind ways to modily eating habits 
and develop support .ystems to achieve and maintain weight 
reduction. The goal 01 the group i. to develop new habits and 
methods that can last a lifetime. Joan Schick. faci6tator. Call 
Becca at x 3755 to sign up. Group meets at 412 W .. ren 
Campus. Room 5. 
3:00 • 4:20 - Self· HypllOlis Work.hop .• In this work. hop 
instruction and training in sell.hypnoais will be given 10 students. 
The major applied areas to be covered are: 1) .tudy habits. 2) 
te t anxiety. 3) general.trell reduction. 4) habit control (over. 
eating. etc.). Facilitator.: Sally Ann Greer. M.A. & Jim Harper. 
M. A. Call Becca at x 3755 to sign up. Enrollment will be limited 
to available .eating space. Location: Muir Apartment TV 
Lounge. 
5:00·6:30 pm - Black Male Rap group-Meets at the Third 
College Provost 's building. Rooms. 126 & .127. Calliacilitato. 
Phil Raphael at x 3035 lor more .nlormallon and to SIgn up. 

FRIDAY 
10:00 • 12 noon - Open hours held in the Career Planning & 
Placement Center lor humanities and .ocialscience. major. No 
appointments necessary however. it is advisable to arrive early in 
the hour. On lOme days no open hou. will be held. '0 pleale call 
452·3750 10 conlirm. Location: Student Center Building B. 
2:00. 3 :30 pm - R.,.entering Students' Support Group· This 
support Group il lor re·entering .tuden.. to provide an 
environment to discuss illues and problem •• pecilic to them and 
to provide a mean. lor perlOnal growth. Joan Schick and Mary 
Beck, laic!itaton. Call Joan at x3755 10 sign up. Meet. at 
Warren College Provost', Olfice. 302 WC. 

SUNDAY 
The UJS and lAC are organizing a carpool lor UCSD students 
who want to participate in the Annual Israel Solidarity Walk. 
lhe walk .tarts in Rancho Park in Los Angeles and is 18 
kilometers long (Ies. than 12 miles). For inlo call 452·3616. 

MONDAY 

Monday, April 28, 1980 

THE 
CAL 

Recr 
12:00 • 12:30 pm - Noon conditionillll Workshop with 
Joellen Barnett. ()pen to studenll. stalf and laculty . Wrestling 
room. 

4:00 • 6 :00 pm - Gymnastics Club .ponsore. open workouu 
Monday·Friday, at this time in the South Balcony 01 the Main 
Gym. Any UCSD affiliates interested in joining ua are wei orne! 
4 :00·6:00 pn- Table Tennis club meets lor open play in Ret 
Conference Room. 
5: 00 pm - Karate Club .. actice. North Balcony. Main Gym. 
8 :00 • 10:00 pm - Israeli Folkdance Club. Join us lor open 
dancing in Rec Conf Rm. 
8:00 • 11 :00 pm - Wresiling Club. Wrest~ng Room. Main 
Gym. 
TUESDAY 
12:00·12:30 pm - Noon conditioning workshop with Joellen 
Barnett. Open to student. stall and laculty. Wrestling Room. 
3:00 • 5:00 pm- Ultimate Frisbee practice. on Third Colleg~ 
lield. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics club open luperviaed workou~ 
in the South Balcony of the Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - Karate club practice. North Balcony, Main Gym 
5:00 • 5:45 pm - Judo dub. wre.t1ing room. 
WEDNESDAY 
12:00·12:30 pm - Noon conditioningwork.hop with Joellen 
Bamett. Open to students. stall and faculty. wrestling room. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymna.tics Club sponsors open supervise.! 
workouts lor all you lormer gymnast enthusiast •. Join us! South 
Balcony. 
4:00.6:00 pm - Table Tennis club open play . RecConf Rm 
New player. always welcome! 
5 :00 pm - Karate club, North Balcony. 
5 :30· 7:30 pm - Ballet lolklorico. 402 Warren Campus. 
6 :30 . 8 :00 pm - Aikido club pradice. wrestling room. 
8 :00 • 11:00 pm - Wrestling club. wrestling room. 
THURSDAY 
12:00 • 12:30 pm - Noon conditioning workshop with Joellen 
Barnett. Open to students. stall and laculty . wrestling room. 
3 :00 • 5:00 pm - Ultimate Frisbee Club practice on 

. College Field. 
4 :00 • 6 :00 pm - Gymnastics club open supervised workout. 
South Balcony of the Main Gym. 
5 :00 pm - Karate Club. North Balcony. Main Gym. 
5:00 • 5:45 pm - Judo club practice, wrestling room. 
6:00 • 8:00 pm - Korean Karate practice North Balcony, 
Main Gym. 

. 8:00 ' .10:00 pm - Juggling Club practices each Thursday ill 
the wresiling room. 
8:30 pm - RacquelbaD Club Night at Black Mountain 
RacquetbaD Club. 9·11 pm. $2.00 Meet at Urey Hall mailbox 
8:30 pm lor carpoolillll' All levels 01 play welcome. 
FRIDAY 
12:00·12:30 pm - Noon conditioning workshop with Joelien 
Bamett. Open to students, stall and facuhy. wrest~ng room. 

1 :00 • 3:00 pm - Drop·in hours lor Phy.ical and Engineering 
Science majors are available to help you with your career and 
job.hunting concerns. Come by at any time convenient to you. 
4422 Mayer Hall. 
2:00 • 3:00 pm - CAREER OPTIONS ADVISING 
SESSIONS . informal advising meetings lor Humanities and 
Social Sciences Students' to explore occupational possibilities. 

Lectures 
2 :00 • 4:00 pm - DEVELOPING AN EMPLOYABLE 
DEGREE. A liberal arts degree is valuable ill the job market . il 
you plan ahead. Thi. program will oller inlormation on academic 
,kill. and how they relate to actual jobs. A panel 01 people 
experienced in evaluating college students for employment will 
.hare their impressions regarding thing. you ('an plan to enhance 
your luture employability . In North Conference Room. Student 
Center. 
4 :00 pm - Campus Black Forum in Third College ConI. room 
141. 
4:00 pm - The UCSD Women', Center i •• pon.oring a UC· 
wide conference dealing with the problem of sexual harallment 
on the UC campuses on May 3 (Saturday) from 8:00am to 4:00 
pm. Re..,esentatives lrom UC Berkeley. UCLA. UC Irvine. UC 
Santa Barbara. UCSD and others will be speaking and 
conducting work hopt. At the International Center. 
7:00·9:00 pm - Bio/Chem/ Physicstutoring at OASIS Third 
Place. 

WEDNESDAY 
9:00 ·9:50 am - Revelle Humanities Assignment Brainstorm: 
Small group class lor Revelle student. enrolled in Humanities 
Sequence 11 C Jolley section. Preparation lor writing directed at 
yOU' particular assignment. aa.. rneeIB in 4070 USB. 
Spon.ored by OASIS Writing Center. 

MONDAY 
4 :00 pm - RoU 01 Membrane. in Pre· Biotic evolution at San 
Diego State. Room LS 284 

TUESDAY 
Noon • 1:00 pm - Contraceptive Education Session: Inlormal 
discusaion; all must attend to receive birth control services and 
men are encouraged to attend as well. No awt necessary. 
located in the conlerence room at the UCSD Student Health 
Center. 

4:00 • 6 :00 pm - Campus Black Forum: Thi. is an inlormal 
diacullioo group centered on illues. concerrlll. and the quality of 
lile 01 the Black community at UCS. Meell weekly at Room 
126/127. the Third College Provost '. Building. Philip J. 
Raphael & Phyllis Elame. lacilitators. Call Phil at x 3035 or 
Phyllis at x 3760 to sign up. 

4:45 • 6:00 pm - "RAPE REVOLUTION: Who'~ 
Responsibil ity?" .loan Koerper wiU discus. her latest work 
pertaining to the above title. Four seneral avenues 01 sexual 
allault prevention will be explored: co",mon methods . 01 
.. evenbon such III defense and police prO tection; prevenl!0n 
through changes in attitudes reganii"ll sex & violence; education 
and political action. At 1 1 I A Administrative Complex 

WEDNESDAY 
12:00 • 1:00 pm - CONTRACEPTIVE EDUCATION 
SESSION: Informal discussion; all mu.t attend to receive bi rth 
control service. and men are encouraged to attend a. well. No 
appt. necessary. located in the conference room at the UC5D 
Student Health Center . 
3:45 JII11 - Organic Sl'minan ''To be announced" ProlellSol 
John D. Roberts. Dept. of Chem .• CuI. In.titute of Technology 
in TLH 104. Free. 
4:00 pm - Biochemistry Seminar "Structure of Mitochondrial 
Membrane Bound Electron Transport Systems" at BSB 21 00. 
THURSDAY 
Lecture by Prol. MeLBUghin: "Frederick Law OIm tead : His 
Lile and Times" at 2305 HSS. Free. 
FRIDAY 
10:00.4:00 pm - Third World Allociation Presents : Willa 
Cleaver: " Women and Minorities Double Opportunity 01 Double 
Jeopardy." Lecture and discuuion on how mi.-itie. need to 
work together a. a IP'OUP to achieve alfirmative action. III 
Student Center North Conference Room. 
3:00 pm - Philosophy Department CoIIOlluiwn Presents Dr .. 
Brian Loar. Philosophy Department Universi!y 01 Southern 
California. "Remarks on EpiatemoiOllY." At Revelle Forrnal 
Lounge. 

Monday, April l8. 1980 

EKLY 
DAR 

· 3:00 pm - Synchronized swimming club meets at the 

.5:30 pm - Cung fu club practice. adaptive room. main 

· 6 :00 pm - Gymnastics club sponlOrs open workout in 
Balcony 01 the Main Gym. Join Us! 

pm - TableT ennia club meets lor open play in the 
COI~leJ'en,:e Room, Rec Gym . New players always welcome! 

The Daily Guardian 

Entertainment 
TUESDAY 
8 :00 pm - A TOMICAFE. Graduate Student Composers 
Forum at Mandeville Recital Hall. Free. 
WEDNESDAY 
4:00 pm - UCSD New Poetry Series reading : Lyn Hejinian 
andCarla Harryman in the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
8 :00 pm - FACUL TV CLARIN ET AND PIANO 
RECITAL: William Powell , clarinet. Zila Carno 01 the Los 
Angeles Philharmonic play works by Hindemith . Auric. 
Brahms. Rochberg . and Weber in Mandeville Recital Hall. 
General admission $2. students free. 
THURSDAY 
"Violence Against Women" A collection 01 books. research 
materials and art works illustrating the interrelatedness of such 

topics as sexua l harassment. rape. chile abuse. poose abuse. 
sexual violence and .exual aggression will be presented. In 
Central Library . 

12:00 noon - NOON CONCERT: Undergraduate 
compositions program in Mandeville Recilal Hall. Free. 
9:00 pm - Goldlinger! 90 minutes 01 unstinting lun. Fun. FUN! 
See James Bond (007) beat up the bad guys . kiss the girls. and 
save the world in the usual inimitable Bond style! In USB 2722. 
$1.50. 

FRIDAY 
8:00 pm - CENTER FOR MUSIC EXPERIMENT: NEW 
INSTRUMENTAL RESOURCES CONFERENCE organized 
by Ron George and WiU ParlOns at CME. 408 Warren Campus. 

Religious 
MONDAY WEDNESDAY 

7 

pm - Karate club ...-ctice, North Balcony, Main Gym. 
· 11 :00 pm - Wreatling club. wrest~ng room. main gym. 12:00 noon - Catholic Bible Study. Location: Student Center 

Lounge upstair •. 
2:00 - Latter.day Saint Student Association Old T e;;tament 
Clall. Location: LOS Institute acra.s street Irom Muir campus. 

I :30 pm - Qustr Bible Study, open to everyone at the lounge 
of University Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. near 
North T arrey Pines. 

·11 :00 am - Ballet Ioikiorico. 402 Warren . 
• 2 :00 pm - Ultimate Friabee club practice on Third 
Field. 

· 6:00 pm - 8o";ng club practice in wrestling room. 

• 12 noon - Syndlfonized swimming club meets at the 

11JESDAY 
7:00 pm - Come learn how to grow in your relationship with 
Cod! School of Christian Studies. sponaored by Campus Crusade 
lor Christ meets every Tuesday night, Join us in HSS 1128! 
7:30 pm - Couples Fellowship. sponsored by University 
Lutheran Church at the residence 01 Laurie & Keith Landa. 
3859 A Miramar St. (old graduate student apartments). 
9:00 pm - Catholic Bible study at Univ. Lutheran Church . 

Meetings 
MONDAY 
7:00 pm - SURF CLUB MEETING. IMPORTANT! Last 
meeting before Lowenbrau conte.t. II you plan to surl in the 
l..owenbrau you MUST be at the meeting. Bring your entry fee 
(half the regular price) at HSS 2150. 
7:00 pm - UCSD [srael Action Committee meeting in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. Planning lor Israel Awareness Week 
and Newsletter. 

WEDNESDAY 
12 :00 • 1:00pm - The UCSD Equal Rights Amendment 
(ERA) Action Team will meet Wednesdays from 12:00 · 1 :00. 
Join us in the continuing light lor the ratilication 01 the ERA. We 
are working on the palsagy 01 the ERA in three more unratilied 
states by the June 1981 dead~ne . At UCSD Women's Center. 

5 :00 pm - BLACK SCIENCE STUDENT'S 
~~~AN[ZA TION (BSSO) havillll a general body meeting 
IOVlllng all UCSD Black Science students 10 please attend . In 
Game Room Conlerence Room. Student Center, BId". A. 

5:30 pm - The UCSD Circle K Service Organization. a college 
extension 01 the Kiwanis 000. wanta people who want to get 
Involved. Upcoming events include oulinll. "ith underprivilelled 

children. viliitation to a convalescen, home. and "Spec.al 
Olympics" Tournament. II you are intere.ted in helping people. 
come to our meeting lor more information in P&L Ill. 

5:30 pm - 8:30 pm - An annual potluck lor all campus 
women in .cience & engineering. Undergrad women specially 
invited to hear about grad schoollrom women grads. Sponsored 
by Graduate Women in Science & Engineering. At Surfside at 
SlOt 

THURSDAY 
Model United Nation. Club Meeting USB 3030A. 

7:00 pm - Dark Star. UCSD's science·liction club meet. 
TI ... aday. in USB 2722 (in the loyer) to ta lk about our movie 
and various other interesting things. All (closet 01 not) welcome. 
FREE! 

FRIDAY 
3:00 pm - A chance to experience the world or Radio. Come 
and enjoy refreshments. music, information, and conversation 
with the people at YOUR campus radio .tation . KSDT. Bring a 
lriend. a pet or a vice but be sure to bring yourself! In KSDT 
oIfices; in the Student Center next to Edna. 

2:00 pm - Latter Day Saint Student Association Old 
Testament Class. Location: LOS Institute aCrOll the street from 
Muir campus. 
3:00 - "The Liturgy in Slow Motion" i. the topic 01 this week's 
Christian Inquiries Seminar. led by Campus Pllltor John Huber. 
All are welcome. Held at at University Lutheran Church. acro .. 
the street Irom Urey Hall Parki"lliot. on 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive. 
7:30 pm - Lutheran/Catholic/Episcopal dialogue on 
"Sacraments and Rite .... in small group. led by lay lacilitators. 
Thi. is the lirst 01 a series 01 lour bi.weekJy dialogues. open 10 all 
who can come to all lour sessions. Held at the three lounges 01 
University Lutheran Church and Ecumenical Center. 9595 La 
Jolla Sho,,:s Dr. 

lliURSDAY 
8:00 - Meeting 01 the Chri.tian Science Organization 
Student •• laculty. and stall are welcome. At the Game Room 
conlerence room. Student Center. 

FRIDAY 
7: 30 pm - Trident Christian Fellowship . Intervarsity. Final of 
a series studying the book 01 Colos.ians. At North Conlerence 
Room. 

SATURDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mas • . Location: University Lutheran 
Church. 

SUNDAY 
8:30 am - Catholic ma .. at University Lutheran Church. 
1 0:00 am - Canlate Sunday Mu.ic F estival.leaturing a UCSD 
Mu.ic Prof. Thomas Nee conducting a portion 01 the La Jolla 
University/Civic Orchestra . Other illitrumenlaliats and vocaliots 
include Hannelore Wierschin. Elisabeth Mart. Stephen Scot· 
Shepherd and the Univ. Lutheran Choir. UCSD Campus Pastor 
John Huber wiU speak on. " The Harmony 01 Our FeUowship." 
Open to everyone at the chapel 01 the Univ. Lutheran Church. 
next to UCSD at 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. (free. will offering) 
10:30 am - Catholic mall at University Lutheran Church. 
12:00 Noon - Episcopal Eucharist. Location: University 
Lutheran Church. 9595 La JoUa Shores Dr. 
5:00 pm - Catholic Mall. Location: University Lutheran 
<lIurch. 

CAREER PLANNING & PLACEMENT'S 0))5 Ie events 
CAREER I This is a sampling of opportunities listed with areer Planning -------------- -----------.... & Placement as of last Wednesday morning. Visit us a t the 

Curatorial Assistant: $605/ mo. Gather data on fossils (6902). 
Research Analyst: $IS.000-20.000/yr. DOE. B.S. Chemical or 

Environmental Engineer or Oceanography (6904). 
Mechanical and Electrical State Certified Engineers: $ open. B.S. Degree 

(6905). 

PART·nME 
Civil Engineer : $4.50/ hr plus. DOE. Part time now. full time in the 

summer (E-2179). 
Boat Maintenance Person: $3 .7S / hr plus, DOE. Part time now, full time 

in the summer (H-2177). 
Radio Announcer: $TBA. 3 years radio experience plus third class 

license (F-2181). 
Marine BiolOBist: $l40/ wk plus. OOE. Instructor for Summer Day 

Camp on the beach (E-1. 170). 
Caml' Counselors: $100/ wk. Summer Day Camp on the beach (H-

2171). . 
Electronics Math Tutor: $5/ hr. EE and Electronics majors, parrtimeU-

2121 ). 

Student Center, Bldg. B. WE ARE HERE TO HELP! 
INTERNSHIPS 

Co-op students : $S.20-7.00/ hr. Electrical . Mechanical or C ivil 
Engineers. Juniors or Seniors (Z-391O). 

Summer interns: $TBA. Electrical Engineering of Physics (Z-391S). 
Engineer Trainee: $ open. Electrical Engineers; Soph. standing and 

above (Z-3916). 
CURRENT MNTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS 

FIELD TRIPS: 
Thursday, May 1. 1-4 pm: Field trip to Burroughs Corp. for chemistry 
majors; what are chemists doing in the semiconductor industry? 
Friday. May 9. 1-4 pm: Field trip to General Atomic for Physics. 
Engineering (Chemical and Mechanical) and Chemistry majors. 
Sign up for field trips at Career Planning and Placement, Building B . • 
Student Center , Transportation will be provided. 

ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWING 
Only tWO weeks left . If you haven ' t yet signed up. come in and see who 
wants to hire you. Sign-ups at Career Planning &. Placement. 

\ , 



8 The Daily Gu~di.n 
M~day , April 28, 1980 

AS Candidates Speak 
Continued from fXJlle 2 
I wm fight against special interestll 
which oppose us students, even If I 
mlUit sacrifice my life . 
DG: What will you do if elected 
commiuioner of public relations? 
Cand: It's about time that the 
academic community accepted the fact 
that this campus is out to lunch. I will 
recommend a computerized monitor 
sy.tem which would keep tabs on 
individual.tudents and &end a monthly 
statement to the student', parents a_ tn 
hi, whereabouts activities, criminal 
activity,test grades, what people are 
saying about him behind his back, and 
a forecast of the student'l academic 
performance by the end of the quarter if 
he doesn't shape up . . 

Plus, there's no reason to exclude 
the public from enjoying the many 
events held here, like last year's 
transcendental mediatation elimination 
tournament and mass circle jerk held 
on Revelle Plaza. 

DC: What does a commilllioner of 
programming do? 

Cmd: Aside from booking excellent 
musical act. from LA, the 
commiuioner of programming runs 
unopposed. 

DC: How wiD you handle the job of 
elections commissioner? 

Cand: I wdl humanize the election 
process by making sure that only 
people are eligible for candidacy. I will 
organize a hit squad to deal with 
campaign violators. I wiD see to it that 
the elections are rigged in such a way 
as to insure that the next AS will be 
truly representative. 

m 

D.G.: Why are you running for 
commissioner of appointments and 
evaluations? 

Cand: I'm running for this position 
because students need sincere and 
experienced representatives , and I 
promise to find them. This position has 
had a shadowy existence along with a n 
elusive sense of direction. In fact, it's so 
ephemeral , it might not even be on the 
ballot. 

00: In closing, let me ask the AS 
representative candidate what he or 
she would do if elected. 

Cand: I will listen to all students 
from my college, no matte.r how 
retarded their suggestions, and act 
appropriately. I want to see my college 
get a lot of money and I'm willing to 
subject myself to every conceivable 
degradation in order to !let it. 

I'm no wimp, hack, or crony either. I 
know a few LA bands myself, and will 
fight to get them down here. If I suspect 
that another college is getting a bette r 
deal than mille . I pro'mise to run around . 
ranting and screaming like a headless 
chicken until either placated or 
subdued. 

I will vote yes on all questions 
concerning communications and 
programming that offer a social option, 
no matter how incredibly stupid, 
unworkable or expensive they are. 

I'm not afraid to speak up a nd 
defend the rights of my colleg~ 's 
studentll to have needs. The current 
AS officers are evil, vile and 
despicable. I will do much better. Vote 
for me. 
DG: Thank you, and good night. 

ReligiOUS I('ar.h('r Bulhm 
('duc-Alor Will glllf' a S(\rl(!S of 
talk s and diSCUSSions In the 
Oak Grovr MClnC'f s Oaks 
OJAI CahlwnlR HI I I a In 

Talk s Sal Sun 3 4 
IMay, SaISt.1l 1011 

Sal Sun 1/ 18 

Chrissie Wants 
AS Post 'Bad' 

._---------- .-. ---

Psycho Plans 
Heavy Changes 

Continued from pa~e 2 Continued (rom page 2 
You can trust me. I have taken a lot am a student at UCSD currently being 

of time to paint posters and distribute persecuted by them . I have a tendency 
them all over campus. I have flirted to become violent , and my doctors say 
with you and handed you leaflets. that I would, without hesitation, kill 
What else do I have to do to prove to anyone if I forget to take my pill every 
you that I want your vote? A vote for four hours . 
me is a vote for me. My administration will address itself 

I've got ways in mind the change the to one issue and one issue only , that 
AS which are too numerous to list here . being to combat the insidious plot to 
Student5 on this campus like you and I subjugate biological life forms being 
are sick of listening to candidates who perpetrated by evil solid-state devices . 
refuse to address the same old tired I and I alone have the power 10 save 
issues. Together, we can sort out the humanity from being enslaved and 
mess the last AS made, even though I forced to spend an eternity serving 
will do the actual work. As a known transistor radios and pocke t 
'sec' I am qualified to receive attention calculators. 
that being AS president will give me. I am an agent for high e r 

I think that Jarvis II is bad, because extraterrestrial forces which are at 
it is safe to say so. We, as students, a re work manipulating the destiny of this 
getting a bad deal in every way. I want planet. I am in constant and direct 
students to get more of everything communication with these forces 
without paying anything for it. The through secret messages which only '-
outgoing AS officers are not nice can see and hear. Sooner or later, you 
people. I 6ke sororities and hot dogs. will vote for me. Vote Psycho! 

Please believe me that I really don't M 5' 
.Continued 'rom page 2 r, but vote on arcus ays 
April 23 and 24. 

Georgen-Ringo: :2!! fr!~!;e 2Pigs' 
Vote for Self machine, uncovering the administra-tion's plans to save money by cutting 

Continued fr om page 2 student GPA's by fifteen percent, and 
you who is engaged in the life-long leading the food -raising drive to save 
process of becoming. You are the the squirrels , possible the most 
center of thought and action around opQfessed minority on this campus. 
which the world revolves. You must The Radical Iconoclast Coalition is 
reject the a priori existence of a pre- . dedicated to the destruction of any and 
determined election, and struggle to all opposition a nd the creation of a 
loosen the fetters which restrict your world that is a bitchin' place in which to 

l.-fr_eed_ o_m_ t_o_a_c_t. ___________ .::liv:..:e=---:::.tby whatever means necessary . 

ATTENTION: 

I 
Dlsruc;slons 
{Mfly l fur'!". Thuf~ 68 

r'M'''' Thins LJ 15 

Adult learners who are currently enrolled at 
UCSD after a break of several years are invited 
to a RECEPTION , Tuesday, April 29 from 
3:00 to 5 :00 pm, in the North Conference 

Native~speaking :J 
Japanese needed to par~ 
ticipate in cha llenging 
work in the field o f auto~ 
matie language transla-
tion. Salary: open. 
Hours: flexible. Part or 
full time. Contact Katie 

at ------------~ 
T~S(' are IhC' of, ly 1 nlk!'. 
"l'h('!fuif'O In Iht~ US " 
Ie" I gaO 

KIIC;hfl;t r IIUI It r I '\lnfimum 
8m 216 0li .. CA (U02:l 
101 ,50" 6J 2'~6 6J688bti 

UCSD Snow Ski Club 
t 80 ... 81 Officer Election 
Letters of candidacy must be submitted prior to May 5 

to the Rec C lub Coordinator , Rec Club Office. 
Rec Gym Room 20. 

I 
Monday, May 5, 6 pm 

Rec Conf. Room 
Rec Gym 

Bring Snow Ski 
Club 1.0. 

Movies from ttips to Aspen. W inter Park and 
Jackson Hole will be featured . 

Sponsored by the Snow Ski C lub and 
Campus Recreation. 

Room of the Student Center. -

Repre5<'ntatives from each col lell" staff wi ll be availab le for 
answering questions and informal discu ions. 

--The Food Co-op--
The Recycling Co-op ' 

and the 
Coffee Hut Collective 

L...---would like to thank----... 

The R!nners 
The Band 

and all of the 
People 

I I nw~~=nw I Bash at the Coffee Hut such a 
Big Success! 

459-6700 ---' 

WI1f:>f1 ,fJ', _~f11 
Ilf ~. n tf'~1 nil 

EUROPEAN TR~IN ED STYLISTS 
TO CREAT~ YOUR INDIVIDUAL IMAGE 

Shampoo/Conditioner & Cut 

t---$16---I 
566·7530 

',uR1H (,AH PlA.lA 
~N'; '.AWA 'vIA R RIJ SUtf£ f 

SAN [)I£''( 1 CA 4)~ III' 
Open £Wiling •. Mon-Sal 

fOtIMt"L T DOING IU$lNl5S AS 

oael .as IhnA .v"bnoM 
Monday, April 28, 1980 9 

Music/William Hamilton 

Journey's Sch'on and Vallory: Non-Interview 
Editor 's note: Journ ey played 
the Sports Arena in early 
April. What follows is an 
interview with guitarist Neal 
Schon and bassist Ross 
Val/ory conducted under 
rather makeshift circ um -
stances. 

"We'l play all night if you 
want us to." 

"And they probably would 
have too," I moan quietly. 
5uch is the mood of Journey in 

The Daily: Guardian 

Arts 
their concert appearance at 
the San Diego Sports Arena 
this evening. 

The after-show interview, 
however , is another story. The 
band is fatigued and reticent to 
grant an interview. We are 
herded like sheep into a 
predesignated piece of turf in 
the backstage area , the 
parameters of which are 
defined by a cordon of 
bouncers who loom menacing-
Iy as the stage manager, a 
Telly-Savalas lookalike with 
the aplomb of a drill sergeant, 
promenades down the aisle 
with his henchman designating 
groups of people as either 
'cool ' or ·out'. 

Not to be intimidated, I pop 
open a can of complimentary 
suds and guzzle while waiting 
for the record rep to corral and 
hog-tie one or two of the band 
bandmembers . Neil Schon, 
guitarist with the group, is 
unfortunately easy prey. The 
rep drags him over after 
drugging his cocktail , and his 
previous irate demeanor does 
an aboutface . He suddenly 
becomes the convivial , 
animated interviewer's dream. 

"We're popular as hell on 
the West Coast, but we just 
can't seem to break on the 
Eastern seaboard," says 

Start the quarter 
rIght with savIng. 

from Photo Imports 

Bring your ID. card and 
get our Student SavIng. 
Card, which gives you 
an addHionai 1K elf 

on our regular discount 
prices on: 

all darkroom 
supplies 

paper & chemicals 
not included 

all fllterl 
all. photo bookJ 

all tripods 

.. our used equipment 
department, Mon-Fr19-6, 

Sat 9·5, Sun 11 ... 

. . . . . 

.1M,· ~ ( (If \I ., ". ~)tJ~ ~Y(,1jl 

Schon. He notices that I a m 
transcribing his words and 
grabs my velvet jacket by the 
lapels playfully . 

" Hey , watch the material ," 
I say and he backs off , 
laughing. I continue the 
interview. 

What about his standing 
invitation to play with 
Clapton? 

" I jammed with Clapton at a 
club in San Francisco, but it 
was pretty obvious that it 
wasn' t going to work out," he 
says. "Plus I had this offer with 
Santana, and it just seemed to 
gel. " 

"Yeah , I got my start 
playing blues , mainly the 
English stuff, Who, Yardbirds , 
Cream, and that stuff ," Schon 
says, eyes darting furtively 
around looking for someone 
else to talk to. 

Schon is grabbed off by the 
stage manager , and bassist 
Ross Vallory is shoved over. 
Vallory starts to answer a 
question and is interrupted by 
a girl who wants him to 
autograph her backstage pass. 

"Are you in the band? 
Would you sign my 
whatchimacallit?" • 

The girl is another 
nameless , faceless drug 
casualty , a quaalude zombie . 
She plucks my pen out of my 
hand and hands it to Vallory. 

" He' s trying to write 
something," scolds Vallory. 

"Are you in the band too?" 
the girl asks me. 

" No." I reply. 
The girl hands me a pencil 

after fumbling around in her 
purse. I place it in her drink. 
Vallory signs the backstage 
pass. All is going smoothly. 
Somewhere, a Cambodian is 
dying of starvation. The 
shouting is everywhere. I think 
I am beginning to feel the ' fear' 
coming on. 

"The birth of the scarab 
beetle concept on the album 
covers was my idea," says 
Vallory. "What's a scarab 
beetle stand for , birth and 
death, or something?" 

" Immortality, I think," I 
reply, neither knowing or 
caring. 

The girl is standing 
uncomfortably close to me, 

peering over my shoulder to 
see what I'm writing. It's a 
reminder to myself to quit 
drinking. 

The neo-Nazi stage 
manager is beginning a mop-
up operation to sweep out the 
human debris. 'Everyone who 
isn't part of. the road crew, out!' 
People are trudging, 
backpeddling, crawling, 
and/or being forcibly carried 
out. I begin to How . with the 

. tide. Vallory i. escorting me 
out and anaweril!B more 
senseless questions. The girl i. 
leaning against my shoulder, 
probably for IUpport. 

"Are you sure you're not in 
the band?" 

"Yes." I reply. 
"You can say that my ban 

lines are pulling tones which 
Please tum to fXJfIe " 

"We didn't intend for this 
tour to be a big production 
number. The effects we used 
are sort of minimal. We tend to 
concentrate on playing, and 
that's what it's all about. Ed 
Van Halen is the only guitar 
player I look up to," 

What about Alan Hollds-
worth , I ask. 

Mozart Quartet Here Tonight 
" Oh yeah. Him too. And 

Steve Lukather. " 
" How about McGlaughlin 

and Coryell?" 
"Yea~, those guys are 

unreal." 
Given enough time, I 

suppose I could get him to look 
up to my kid sister. 

" We've had offers to do 
soundtracks for films . We're 
going to be doing the music of 
a Japanese Freudian fantasy-
dream film. " 

"That's really something," I 
say. 

The conversation drifts 
back to the guitar playing. 

"Yeah, I don't write songs 
as guitar solo showcases . 
What Steve (lead vocalist 
Steve Perry) and I usually do 
is to put together musical 
sequences and jams. Once the 
vocal tracks are layed down, 
it's frustating to do a contained 
solo. But if you stretch it out 
and play long solos, you 
inevitably peak out." 

"Sounds heavy." I agree. 

Local poet and fiction 
writer Paul Drelman, 
whose witty works are his 
narratives on Southern 

Datsun oyota 
. Repairs 

We will beat 
any other prices 

(Regular retail labor at time of purchase) 

California culture and its 
discontents, will read 
selections from his works 
tonight at 8 pm at D.G. 

with piani.t 

2nd A 

Wi-lis bookstore and 
coffees hop, 7527 La Jolla 
Blvd. , near Pearl Street, 
across from the Ski Chalet. 
Free to the public. Call 456-
1800 for more information. 

It- It- If. 

The Concord String 
Quartet, artists in 
residence a t Dartmouth and 

Around Town 
winners of the 197 1 
Naumburg Award , will 
perform the work. of 
Mozart and Beethoven, 
tonight at 8 pm in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. 
Tickets are $3 .50 for 
students and $8.50 for 
general admission. 

New Music concert , 
presented by the Atomic 
Cafe, will include "Super 
Flumina," a chamber piece 
by David Bimbawn, April 
29 at 8 pm in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

Undergraduate 
Women in Science 
L----Potluck----.J 
If you are an undergraduate woman considering 
applying to graduate school in the sciences (even 
one or two years from now!) there is a unique 
opportunity to share experiences and information 
with a most valuable source-other 

graduate students! 

Absolutely highest quality 
San Diego's largest 

Wednesday, April 30th 
5:30-8:00 pm 
SURFSIDE 

Scripps Institute of Oceanography 

shop 

266-2300 
4619 Mission Gorge PlICI 

Graduate Women: Please Come Too! 
Regular OW SE meeting at 4:30 pm at Surfside. 

We promise a good time (most important!) as well 
as presentations from many of the various 

dcparonents at UCSD with graduate programs. 

Bring a favorite dish, and another woman science 
student! 

ponSQred by: 
Graduate Women in Science & Engineering 



10 

o 
-

The Daily Guardian 

Recendy developed 
laboratory techniques 
have found nitrosamines-
suspected cancer-causing 
agents-in some beers 
• • In trunute amounts. 

There are no detectable 
nitrosamines in Coors or 
Coors Light 'as detennined by 
the United States Food and 
Drug Administration, using 
the most sophisticated ana .. 
lytic techniques. 

Here's why: Some years ago, 
as part of a continuing effort 
to make the best beer possible, 
we instituted an unconven .. 
tional malting process. This 
special process not only creates 
a better beer, it avoids the possi ... 
bility of nitrosamines. 

Coors has a tradition of 
bringing innovative methods 
to the brewing of beer. Always ' 
attempting to brew a better, 
finer, purer beer. Once more, 
Coors' dedication to brewing 
excellence has paid off. 

Adolph Coors 
Company, 
Golden, Colorado. 
Brewers of Coors and 
Coors Light. 

Monday, April 28, 1980 

C1979 ADOlPH COORS CO" GQlI)(N. COLO. 

Monday, April 28, 1980 

Classifieds 
announcements 
WANTED: Applications now oeing 
accepted for Associated Students 
Internship Office positions -
Washington DC Program Directors 
(2). Sacramento Program Directors 
(2). San Diego Program Directors (2). 
Applications and info available at AS 
Internship Office. Student Center. 
x4689. Deadl ine MAY 2. (512) 
Suomil now! Papers are stilf being 
accepted for the journal of 
undergradua te researc h on a lirst -
come, first-served basis. SCURI 452-
3917. (4/29) 
SCURI is now accepting applications 
for a Staff Assistant. Will lead to 
Director position for next year. Call 
Tami at x 39t7 for an interview. (4/2 9) 
President's Undergraduate fellowship 
workshops are being run by Scuri. 
Come in or call for info. 452-3917. Last 
workshop is Aprit 30. DEADLINE FOR 
SUBMISSION tS MAY 8. (4/29) 

FREE GAS. Send sel f-addressed 
stamped envelope to B.B. 6124 
Montezuma Rd. Zura B728 SO .. CA 
92tt5. (4/28. 512) 
Tix at the Box Office now for 
GOLDFINGER. showing Thursday at 
7 and 9 pm in USB 2722. BE THERE! 
(4/30) 
Open house at KSDT. Learn aoout 
your campus station and drink some 
"oeverages" on May 2 at 3pm. Next to 
Edna. (5 /2) 
WARREN WEEKEND - EXCURSION 
DAY. Get away and enjoy yourself ! Go 
to the desert . theatre. museum. 
countryside. renaissance fa ire or 
vineyard. Don't delay. sign up today 
Annette Warren Provost Off ice. x4355. 
(4/28. 5 / t . 5/6) 
See a nuolle young female gold-plated 
this Thursday. 7 & 9 pm. Goldlinger is 
only $1 .50 (plus assorted shorts). 
(4/28) 
Come enjoy the world of radiO. Info. 
talk, drinks. KSDTs open house May 2 
at 3 pm. Next door to Edna . (5/2) 

The Daily Guardian 

Two surtboards. Good condition - $30 
each Catherine 452-0667 eves. 
x2523 days. (5 /2) 
New Smith-Corona typewriter, bought 
at $259. asking $200 or best offer. Call 
Rico 452-8239 (4/ 29) 

wanted 
FOLK SINGERS - JAZZ GROUPS 

Wanted lor exciting new restaurant on 
the water downtown. Call Hans 454 -
0360 or 232-7582. (5/2) 
Free room & board In exchange tor 
light child care dut ies in afternoons. 
Mira Mesa area. Own car necessary. 
566-5418 (5 /3) 
Male subjects for cardiac drug study. 
Approximately 3 hours. $25.00. For 
details. call Dr. Watkins - 294-5743 
(University Hospilal) . (5/ 1) 
FREE room. board, and salary l or pan-
time housekeeping lor 2 adults Near 
UCSD. pool, TV 273-5458. (5/1 ) 
Nat ive - speaking Japanese to 
participate in Challenging work in the 
field of automatic language 
translat ion. Salary: open: flex. hours: 
part or full time. Contact Katie at 459-
6700. (5/ 16) 
Goodlook ing guy. student. athletic. 
Intelligent. needs same. I'm for real. 
Box 15714. S.D. 92115. 

JENNY's HOME TYPING - Term 
papers. theses. diss Days and eves. 
225-1449 (6/ 7) 
Typing . IBM , Term papers. 
dissertation. Reliab le and REASON-
ABLE Mrs Olds. 455-0t27. (5 / 1) 

PreCision V W ServIce. Factory 
tra ined mechaniC. House calls and 
fide service. RH Grundstein. 436-
3481 (S I t) 
Mobile auto repair: tune ups -
electrlcat - light mechanciat. Work 
guaranteed. Mike. 453-2456. (5/4) 

travel 
GERMANY to KENYA via the Sahara 
Desen. t4 weeks $1650 (213) 826-
7766. (4/30) 
CIEE Student Travel Center. Located 
on lhe second floor 01 the Student 
Center. open MWF 8-4, TuTh to-I. 
Phone 452-0630. (6/6) 

lost and found 
Lost: Shenk Calculus textbook and TI -
55 calcula tor in Sick. case at Revelle 
Cafeteria Reward. Call 453-8821. 
(4/29) 

11 

Lost: Blue star sapphire ring!Alsoblue 
shorts and yellow T-shirt. REWARD! 
566 -5320, Carol. (5/ 2) 

housing 
Old Del Mar $70 / mo plus t8 hours 
chitd carelweek, Stan May I . 481 -
t580. (4/29) 
Quiet F roommate wanted to share 
large La Jolla condo with same. 
Pflvate Bedroom. sitting room & bath. 
$325.454-4707 eves. 292-8300 days. 
(4/25.28) 
Free room & board in exe hange lor 
light child care duties In afternoons, 
Mira Mesa area. Own car necessary. 
566-5418. (5/3) 
Roommate wanled NOW. URGENT-
L Y. Del Mar duptex. near beach $123 
share. Want compatibte. considerate 
person. but will settle lor animalist ic 
slob. Rick, 481 -6t87. Pis share this 
info, (4/29) 
Quiet F roommale wanted to share 
large La Jolla condo wilh same. 
Priva te bedroom, sitting room & bath. 
$325. 454-4707 eves. 292-8300 days, 
(4 / 28) 
Prof wants to sublet apt near UCSD 
6/15-8/1 . (213)825-6209 or write 
Katz Astronomy UCLA. LA 90024. 
(5 /2) 

Underwater Archaeology Fietd course 
28 July-29 August. Cata lina Island. 4 
units. Must oe scuba certified. 
Contact: Cala lina Marine Science 
Center 2131741-6792 by May 30, 
(4/29) 

personals 
ATOMtCAFE MUSIC BENEFIT 
NEEDS VOLUNTEERS to prepare 
dinner. Call Irene x3229/ Music Dept. 
(5/2) Jountey Interview 

CHANGE your life th is Monday 
evening! Come to a Fre!! Intensive 4 
week workshop on Meditation and 
Psychic Development. This workshop 
will oe olfered by Dr Frederick Lenz, 
noted meditation expert and author 01 
Life times : True Accounls 01 
Reincarnation: Total Relaxalion: Total 
Intimacy. This workshop is offered by 
the UCSD Meditation Club. Starts 
Mon. 7:30 pm April 28 HL 1148. (4 /2 8) 
Want to clear the Island of Tonal and 
stop the world? Come to the Free 
Meditation Workshop this Monday. 
(4/28) 

Jeanie lormerly of Gypsy Girl is now al 
the Hairstyl ists , 459-8229 . 
(4/25.28 ,30.512.5) 
Therese. 
I keep thinking about you. wanting to 
recapture the night. t want to be with 
you again. Come and see me. David. 
(4/30) 

for sale 
185 Fischert 190 Head Skis with 
bindings $25, poles $5, Nordica boots, 
typewriter. bicycle 3 speed $35. 481-
8405. (4/2 8) 

TWO guitar players wanted lor bonfire. 
Sat. night May 3rd. Free Beer & 
"S'Mores". Contact by Wed. April 30, 
453-5720 or 453-0033. (4/29) 

. 

services 
Typists: IBM exper Ithesesldisserl 
term papers / editing. RUSH jobs! 453-
0656, 452-1488,286-4936.225-1449. 
(6/15) 

"Personalized VW Service" House 
calls and ride service. R.H. Grundstein 
Precision vw. Days & Nights 436-
3481. (5/ 1) 

HUMANITIES AND 
SOCIAL SCIENCE STUDENTS! 
_--Developing an Employable Degree--.... 

A Liberal Arts Degree can. be valuable 
In the job market. This program offers info 
on academic skills and how they relate to 

actual jobs. 

A panel of UCSD alumns wi" share 
their impressions regarding things 

Conlinu~d (rom pagl' 9 
represent the rhythmic' 
marriage of the bass guit& 
with the kick drum in 
intersperced rhythms running 
in melodic counter themes to 
the guitar parts." 

"Oh." 
The girl begins intentionally 

rubbing her head on my 
shoulder while Vallory 
discusses how pleased he is 
with the change of drummeu_ 
Finally, she thrusts the stage 
pass in my face. 

"Here. Autollraph this for 

me, OK?" 
I sign the stage pass. 

Around Town 
Continued (rom page 9 

The UCSD New Poetry 
Series will continue with 
Tumbia Pre .. editor Lyn 
Hejinian a nd QU maga-
zine editor Carla Harr· 
man, reading from their 
work at 4 pm, April 30, in 
the Revelle Informal 
Lounj;(e. 452-2533. Free. 

UCSD has a 
DENT AL GROUP 

at the Student Health Center 
with Student Rates! 

you can plan to enhance your 
"'-----future employabillty.----...... 

~---------~edo-----------

TOMORROW 
2pm 

North Conf. Room 
Student Center 

L sponsored by Warren College and 
Humanities and Social Sciences Career Servlces..J 

EXAMINA TIONS 
and 

DENTAL WORK 
and Hygienists are 

available for cleaning teeth 

MONDA Y thru FRIDAY 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
phone: 452~2080 

We can do work for spouses, too! 

How long has it been since you've seen a 
DENTIST? 



Monday, April 28, 1980 The Daily Guardian 12 . 

Reg Fee Waits On SHIP Funds 
Continued from page 4 
Registration Fee Committee appeal states that it is 
the group's goal to publish a student health 
handbook, set up self-care clinics in the areas of cold 
care, skin care and stress and hypertension control, 
create a we/lness program and initiate a peer health 
advocate program. 

Currently, the re~rt notes programs such as the 
one desired for UCSD exist at UC Berkeley, UC 
Santa Barbara, San Diego State, San Francisco 
State and other institutions across the country. 
During the past year, funding had been allocated to 
SHIP so that they could visit some of these programs 
and receive information and guidance on building 
their program here. 

"During a time when we are faced with the stark 
realities of skyrocketing costs exacerbated by a 
declining economy, efficiency of care has become a 
great concern. Self-care and health promotion are 
fast becoming established means for helping 
universities cope with this dilemma 'while still 
extending their program," the report said. 

At present, SHIP operates on a budget of 
$11,214, with funds coming from the AS, the 
chancellor's associates fund, SCURI and donations. 
The 1980-81 projected SHI P budget calls for 
increases in funds from all supporting organizations, 
as well as the Registration Fee funds and matching 
funds from the California Department of Health, the 
San Diego County Department of Public Health and 

the US Department of Health, Education and 
Welfare. The total budget projects a $149,246 sum 
to be handled by the SHIP volunteers. 

The Registration Fee request specifically calls for 
the hiring of the one full time Health Educator with a 
master's degree in Public Health and the hiring of a 
quarter-time assistant with a background in health 
promotion self-care clinics, peer advocacy and 
familiarity with UCSD. 

SHIP's action is supported by an AS resolution 
submitted by AS President Carlos Montalvo. The 
AS voted unanimously to support SHIP's efforts to 
"bridge to present void in preventive and promotive 
health care so as to make available a full spectrum of 
quality health care to UCSD students." 

Silly Slate UCSD Will Use Center Erratum The Daily Guardian 
election results in last 
Friday's issue failed to list 
Alma Key, of the 
Constructive Action slate, 
as a run-off contender 
against Meg Honda for AS 
Public Relations. We regret 
any inconvenience caused 
by this error. 

that no students now attend 
fun and interesting, yet not 
turning our backs on 
traditional responsibilities." 

Thompson also feels 
"silliness in the AS could bring 
lOme life to this campus, which 
is so intense." He believes that 
the slate's "silly attitudes" may 
cause some conflict, yet feels 
he and his teammates can still 
work successfully within the 
system." 

"Most importantly, we want 
a change from the status quo 
which has controUed the AS 
for 10 long," says Thompson. 

Charlton hopes the 'silly" 
slate can "put the AS in a 
different perspective" if 
elected. 

"Students are afraid to 
approach the AS now, 
because it's so political and 
represents different interests 
than .tudents' own," he says. 
"One promise our slate makes 
- next spring, students will 
not regret a 'silly' victory." 

Continued from paRe J 
development will be "a 
conference center with 
sl.eeping rooms," rather than 
vIce versa. 

But, she added, vacant 
motel rooms will be availabe to 
non-conference goers. . 

Local homeowners have 
not taken a formal position on 

the project, but Robert Hasse, 
president of the La Jolla Farms 
Homeowners Association, 
said he is "personally in favor 
of the idea." 

"The center will benefit the 
university and the community 
in general , and there's nothing 
else they could do with the 
land ... The project isn' t going 

to have any impact on us/ ' 
Hasse said. 

The association, which has 
verbally opposed the 
university's proposal to build 
student-oriented residential 
units on the stables property, 
will take a formal stance on the 
conference center project at a 
meeting on Tuesday night. 

. risbees Fly Short 

The UEO Film Committee 
presents: 

.---------UEO presents---------.. 

POLISH JAZZ BAND 
BALL ORCHESTRA 

You'll Laugh 
Till Your 
Heart Breaks 

THIS FRIDAY! 
7 Ie 9:30 pm, TLH 107 

$1.50 
UEO Box OffIce 

This sensational group from Krakow. Poland. formed 17 
years ago. is now on a limited tour ofthe United States. The 
sextet plays the full gamut of jazz-Dixieland. swing. 
contemporary. straight ahead and funk. with a 
smattering of bebop and rock plus an occasional native 
folk song. They bring the discipline of Eur~n basic 
music training and mastery of their instruments to the free 
flow of energy in the renditions of American jazz classics. 

They are appearing at: 

~ ... AudItorIum . 
May 3, 1aIurcIay, 1:00 pm 

$2.10 
UEO lox otIIce 82459 


