
The Daill!: Guardian 
Volume 39, Number 49 

Visiting Prof. Anthony Ramos, toured and 
filmed in him in December. 

RaDlOs Offers 
Different Views 
On Iran Events 

BY KA TIfY HUFFER 
Despite the rhetoric hurled at this country by 

militant Iranians in Tehran, Americans are not 
disliked by the Iranian people, according to 
visiting visual arts professor Anthony Ramos. 

Ramos, who filmed &nd "roamed around" 
Tehran two months ago, says he was invIted into 
the homes of numerous friendly Iranians and 
received cordial treatment wherever he went 
during his six-week stay. 

About the time most Western journalists were 
being sent out of Iran, Ramos freelanced his 
way into the American Embassy in Tehran and 
filmed an interview with several of the students 
holding about 50 Americans hostage. 

He also obtained footage from an Iranian 
television network of the Christmas visit of three 
US clergymen at the embassy, where four 
hostages read statements criticizing American 
p<>licies in Iran and presented the Ayatollah 
Khomeini with a Christmas card signed, "Love 
the American hostages." 

While a nine-minute portion of this film was 
aired by the three major American networks in 
December, onlr the least controversial parts 
were included, Ramos said. 

Ramos is highly critical of American coverage 
of the I ranian hostage situation, uying it is based 
on "emotionalism:' and "sensationalism. ", 

His filmi show several hostages reading 
statements calling for the extradition of the 
former Shah, displaying CIA documents found 
by Iranian students in the embassy, and In one 
case, calling the Iranian govern-ment "the way I 
wish ours was." 

Ramos, who works for a television production 
company in New York City, showed segments of 
his films here to an audience of 70 last ni~ht in 
TLH 107, and suggested that "someone' was 
trying to withhold important media coverage for 
the hostage crisit. 

"All three networks show the 'very same thing, 
the very same time. No OI\e can tell me that's an 
accident," RaI1lOl remarked. 

Travelling with two New York colleagues, one 
a woman journalist, Ramos met with" 1 0 to 20" 
Iranian students at the American Embassy, 
including one student guard who wal "a nice kid 
with a gun." 

Ramos says about 40 Iranian are living at the 
embas.y, ranging in age from 18 to late 20s. He 
describes the students as "very organized," and 
doubts they wiD relea.e the hostages in the near 
future because they ,"have all the time in the 
world." 

Many of the students at the emba •• y received 
Please tum to PO. 14 

University of California, San Diego Friday, March 14, 1980 

Minority Underrepresentation 
Persists In State Higher Ed 
Commission Even Finds Some Backsliding ·Over .5 Years 

BY CAROLYN FRIDAY by CPEC to chart the progress undergraduate students and 17 
Sacramento CorrelpOOdent toward this goal, minorities are still percent of the graduate students in 

Public higher education in underrepresented in California's higher education, whereas in the 
California has fallen far short of the higher education. , elementary and secondary 
affirmative action goals set out by As of 1978, ethnic enrollment schools, minorities accounted for 
the legislature five years ago, made up 27 percent of the 37 percent of the students. 
according to California Post~ At the University of California, 
Secondary Education Commission Chicanos made up 5.6 percent of 
(CPEC) director Patrick Callan. ,UCSD'. Minority the undergraduates, Blacks four 

"There is a significant problem Enrollment percent and Asian students 12 
with the minority underrespresent- percent. 
atian in our public post-secondary J t A "The underrepresentation of 
institutions. In light of the changing UI verage Chicano students is particularly 
ethnic character of the population UCSD ranb in about the severe since they constitute the' 
of the state," Callan told an middle 01 the UC Iy.tem in largest and fastest growing ethnic 
assembly committee this week. minority recruiting. CPEe m:nority group in California, state. 

"Substantial progress has not figurel show: the report. 
been made. And in some cases "The university appears to be 
there has been a bit of regression. BIackt .! enromng a slowly diminiahma 
The 1979 data will show progress 1. Riverside 6.0% share of the Chicano enrollment in 
even less than anticipated ," said 5. UCSD 4.1 post -secondary education," 
Callan. 9. Santa Barbara 2.1 according to the report. 

In 1974, the legislature adopted Chicanoa ~ Despite the fact that the 
a resolutionbod(ACR 15

f
l} asking the 1. Riverside 8.4% univlelrsity inthcreafsedshmeChic~_~~ 

governing ies 0 the higher 4. UCSD 5.8 (>-1'0 ment in e re n ClaN 
education institutions to prepare a 9. Davis 3.5 from 503 in 1975 to 741 in 1978, 
plan for overcoming by 1980 the AIians compared to the growth in the 
minority, women's and low- 15.4% state's Chicano population, this ~?me dundi;d,nesentation ~ A: ~ey 6.3 ro~~dect:s illusury, the report 
to I~h~tu g:n~eral I~:~~~~!ar of 9. Santa Cruz 3.1 ,I While women have made 
California high schoollfraduates. .. 'jJ significant progress in the past six 

According to a report compiled " ,J Please tum to poge 4 
>=- .- J,. ~--

Recommendation for Student 
Regent Made But Not Told 

Another search committee - Groth is active in the Graduate that expressed, in strOllg terms, the 
this one for student Regent - met Student Association and is the Reg council's desire for campus 
yesterday in Los Angeles and Fee chairman at UCR. Lurie sits visitations by the finalists , and its 
decided who it will recommend to on several UCLA chancellor' 5 disapproval of the search process if 
the full Board of Regents next advisory committees. there were no such visits . 
week at their March meeting. While committee members The student Regent is given his 

But they arenft telling the wouldn't discUls the substance of or her own staff and, participates at 
candidates or the press who they the questions asked each Regents meetings as the student 
choose, leaving the finalists, candidate, Laga said last night representative. 
in cl u din gAS U C SO Vic e thatt~ UCSD chancellor's search The Regent is the only student in 
President Nancy Laga, to wait for ' and her involvement in it were the the system privy to secret Regents 
a week to discover the committee's subject of "a third" of the questions testimony and decisions. 
preference. in her direction. If appointed, Laga, who will nOt 

Also contending for the post are "They all wanted to know why be a student here next year, would 
Leslie Lurie, part of the AS I'd written that letter to the Regents sit in at the May and June Regents 
President's staff at UCLA, and from the AS Council criticizins.. the meetings but not take office until 
Terry Groth, a PhD candidate in chancellor's search process. They July. 
Political Science at UC Riverside. were asking some pretty .From a Guardian Staff Writer 

, provocative questions - stuff they Seminar on already knew the answers of," 
Laga said. 

Marcuse's Laga, at the direction of the AS Council , wrote a letter to the Work Tonight Chancellor's search committee 
A two-day seminar on the works 

of Dr. Herbert Marcuse, UCSD 
professor until his death last 
summer and intellectual leader of 
the New Left, begins tonight in 
USB 2722 and continues through 
tomorrow afternoon. 

The program for the event, 
which is open to the public: 

Friday 
7 :30 - 9:30 pm: Herbert 

Marcuse in Memorium, by Jurgen 
Habermas of the Max Plank 
Institute in Germany. Chaired by 
Frederick Olafson of UCSD. 

Recycle 
This 

Newspaper 

Plans of Vice 
Chancellors 
Still Unclear 

BY JEFFREY S. LEE 
Staff Writer 

When Chancellor William 
Mc Elroy steps down from his post 
this coming fall, he will leave a staff 
of vice chancellors trying to sort 
out their careers. 

One (Paul Saltman) will take 
another line of employment here, 
but if the others have plans, they 
aren't saying. 

It will not be an easy decision. 
Vice Chancellor of Financial 

Please tum to poge 4 

Saturday 
lOam - noon: Anamestic 

Totilization: The Function of 
Please tum to page 4 

. Todau'. w .. "., 
~~lCIIaI"" ....... T~iD"""'" 2-J ftet at 11 .and inWYaII.1M .... is ~ ....... 



~~ 
.' 

./ 

2 The Dally Guardlau Friday, March 14,1880 
--------------------------------------------------------

Maintenance Problems At Third Just Pile Up 
BY MICHAEL McKEE 

I live in the new Third College apartmenta, number 
M.&. I park my car aa'OU the street in parking lot 3-
B. Very conv..uent. 
. Ilk_I AlcICft is a IraItmata at Third Colle,.. 
Exc.pt ~ .... q Ir..atly cifficuIt to cope with. 

high.performance sewing·machine engine •. 
I'm getting carried away. Everyone know. that 

sewing.machine engines are no. permitted in the Indy 
500. 

But ~l' We live in the upltairs level here in 
M·&. Our landing q pitcMd toward our front door, 
and when it rains we are forced to trudge through a 
muddy pond in orcIer to get at or out. Worms grow in 
it. 

carmot under.tand why they don't give more serious 
problems higher priority. Five day. ago. the lights in 
parking lot 3-8 went out. And for five nights parkihg 
lot 3·8 haa been pitch·black. Last night my car was 
defaced when someone broke into it and stole my 
$400 car stfJ'eo system. 

The proIJIeIn ipI'OUtI &om the feet that ow 
1IIIIinteMnce ...... ex~ ov.·worked. The 
newfr IandIcaped hiIIide. keeP .uhing a.ay fow 
IOIDe odd 1'NIOIl. AI they can do q keep mv"'. 

They are aIeo pIacued by uode,.ized plumbing. 
wIIicb clop once every four weeU. When it doe. not 
rain .... 1jIrink" .y.tem break.. 

TbIa mattfJ', uys the maintenance deparbnent, 
has been turned ewer to the contractfJ'. They say that 
they cannot fix it until there has been no foot traHic 
ov_ thie wea for five coneecutive days. Why don't 
they juet buy ue a ferry? . 

Now, who would),ou uy is to blame? I might even 
sue. You lee, I suffered-great mental .... ain when I 
found the only due the culprit had left behind: his 
callint-card. or more specifically, a turd. How 
demoralizing. Not only doe. he .tea1 my .ystem, he 
adds insult to injury by releasing himself next to my 
car. 

A ... member. 01 this preelisioua creW are 
preoc:cupied with the idea 01 wianing the Indy SOO. 
They practice in their little maintenance vehicle. with 

Despite the fact that the maintenance department 
ie IJ'ONIy Wlderstaffed and swamped with work • .I sliD 

So, as)'ou can see, we've got it rough over here at 
Third. I hear the dorm. are wdrse. You and I both 
know - Life stink •. 

Prop. -9 -Will Hurt Poor Too 
BY WARREN WHEELER 
a, now moet studenta we 

.... ....t if Pwopo.ition 9 
(.rem. II) ..... on June 3, 
we wit be faced with larp 
tuiIioaI next y'" But .e 
thae leu selfish re8IOIII why 

IIovernment. with another 
$4.8 billion, but the state has 
now exhaa.tecl its surplus. 
Even if Propoeibon 9 fails, no 
more _I-out funda can be 
provided beyond fiscal year 
1980-81 . 

Warren Wlaftltr ia director 
01 UCSO'a annex 01 rIte-uc 
ScadenI Iobb.,. 

Additionally, 103,000 job. 
in local and state government 
WfJ'e lost ahfJ' Proposition 13. 
Ow cities had imposed $103 
million in new fees for services 

we IhouId Proposition (alch as libraries, museums, 
91 SpecCy , didn't swimming poola) within six 
PropuIiIion 13 prove thai if we month. of Proposition 1;3'. 
cut fuel, services remain paasqe. 
intact and gov.nment wiD The impact an the poor i. 
IIIrYive? . often overlooked . Local 

k is a mistake to assume governments .hifted 22 
thai becauee we felt only minor percen t of their federal 
impact from Propoeition 13 revenue sharing funcle away 
that it cId not have an from .ocial programs, and 
enormous effect. 'The $7 OVfJ'aU there was a 5 percent 
biIioo lou to local goveimnent reduction in sfJ'Vices to the w_ militated by a $4.4 biJIion poor. What do you tfJ'm a 
.,..... from the enormoua poor ptirlOn who has lost 5 
slaJe surplus. L.-t year, the percent of his or her income? 
state bailed out local. As the London Economist 

The Daily' Guardian 
, .. _ ~.oI.t-._ ...... 

Eric Juye Copyreader Harry L. Tolen 
• Editor Bealnee MilLo General Mana1ft' 
Kalhy Huller Karen A. Melcall 

Mana .... Editor PholOiraphen AMOC. Cen. Mar. 
Jelf BrreJord·Ho .... Prier Alk n 

Ne.- Editor Wit. Goodwin 
John Hondro. Jmnifr r Kearn. 

Dwil/hl Slllnuel Gooch MIChael L chler 
~ial. Ne_ Edilon Jill Schafe, Hunl Burdic.k 

John Klock Production Manaaer 
c.Ip, Editor St.IfWne.. Di .. , Ad s.Je. P .. Domowilz 

John H. '~or Katherine tialner .Ioni Mullia OIHnion ' .. Mea Honda Lynn Slaffa TIIIl Uotta 
.IeIfre, S. Lee OffICe Manaten s,.ra. F.diter Barry Meepo. Diana Rie.~n pete', Mortrnwn Rioa Lee PodoW.y Kathy Bickel 

Scienc. Editor Toby Raymond DonM Ba,nell 
Matthew Giedl DaiI St. Caire BacOn 
Photo Editor Jenjler W......, Ad .... rtioi"l Ptoduction 
'('toe! Surile Kim Slni> 
Arb Editor Spc.b Writen · ~on 

I.' SaxI AIIioon Kay liIIon : OifIBayuk 
-

Andy Call,ey Jon Goelz Diune Ctwar Ba.bara H ... a.n. ill 
Grea I..auchIin 

ArtaW ...... . Chrio Pritchard Typeoetten 
Beth Acc-..lo Samantha rob, C",01 &:kRlBn 

Barry Alfoneo . John Ruben. Kal~ Hafner 
Woliam Gibeon John SIichI Janet Mi.~an 

Ric:kCreene V81er~ Me uUin 
Woliam Hamlion Reporten 

Amy H;trber 
Melanie NeiI.on 
SIeve Roberta Henry o.u science Wri ...... SheiIII Do_ Mike Thom •• Mimi ffoolein Mnnlca GIl'ben Lynette Tom Becky Lo_ n M""" llan""n Mikel T oomb. Jell Michael, BIll Knn ... t... 

Alice Rockey G,~!( T ..... n 
Mark Smith 

- -------

'Iht' D.llly G,"ml ,.II' " publ,:I ... " 
Muod.,), 111," F,~I .. y «"nnll Ih,' 
'~KuIJr .... ·hool ) " ... hy ,Ioo"nls .11 I h~ 
Un'V''''I)' 01 CtltfO'nI.,. ,In I)WI('" 
OffN.'t':4 Hrt> ltx..tlt-d tUlud.t Ihl' Ifl't'li 
!loulh • .,.1 uf Ih... Rt.'vdk- Pruv ... ,t". 
()flit •. O",m.III"'Il"dd,,'>s'': U('SU. 

Ut-III\- )uflrdltln 1'o1lh'4H,ht,:o) tu thl' 
;\"' .• ()lI.Hl' d Prl'!'t'4, Ih~ l.ch "nl(rlt'~ 
'1111('3 SYIKln. dlt: .. ncl P.lllfu: Nt"" 

.!.l.O 11;. I •• Jolkt. CA 9209:1. I"Iw 

r\lM-t" . 
~ or nt1 \\,. or hU"lllt,~" IIlf nlMhun. 

\<,11 45;/·34(i6. CI ••• "IIl'll ,odv. rl'''n~ 
IJ\ oJ>t>n from H to :s ddll\!: IWVt~ and 
tI .. play .. d""h''''~ 'I III ~ dnlly 

I 

, 

magazine .tated, U A jolt to 
lavish government spendins is 
exactly what California voters 
are thouthl to have intended, 
but it it not dear whether that 
ioIt was intended to make life 
harder for the poor." 

U Proposition 9 passes, we 
can expect even more saaifice 
from moregroupl who are 
equally unable to afford the 
lOll . In its first year , 
Proposition 9 will eliminate 15 
billion from .tate revenues. 
We can see that this i. greatfJ' 
than the total bail-out funds for 
local government lut year. It 
amount. to 25 percent of the 
state genfJ'a1 fund budget. 

Thi. general fund i. ueed to 
pay for education (50 
percent), health care (20 
percent) and welfare (15 
percent). MoreovfJ', the $5 
billion 10 .. is gl"Nier Iban the 
entire state operating budget, 
which plays for the coBeges 
and univer.ities, courts and 
pcilOM, parks .and everything 

·else. 
Propo.ition 9 is like 

Propo.ition 13 in .ome 
respect.. In the fir.t year aftfJ' 
Propo.ition 13 palles , 
California sent Uncle Sam an 
extra $2 billion in the form of 
higher income taxes (property 
taxes, like .tate income taxes, 
are deductable 'rom federal 
income taxes). If Proposition 9 
passe., California will .end 
another $1.5 billion to 
Waahingtan in the form of 
higher personal income taxes 
(thus reducing the real tax 
break to $3.5 billion). Millions 
more will be lost due to 
reduced revenue.sharing 
payments from the federal 
goverrwnent. 

Proposition 9 is like 
Proposition 13 in another 
reapect: the same groups get 
the .poit •. Of the $7 biHion cut 
from Proposition 13, $4 billion 
went to bu.ineNe., corpora· 
tiona and landlord.. The 
remaining $3 billion was 
divided up among the million. 
of property ownfJ'S. Proposi. 
tion 9 also transfers wealth to 
the already wealthy : 40 . 
percent of the tax .avings gets 
to the top four percent of 
income groups. 

I dweU on the figures 
because Propositio n 9 
proponents like to point to 
Proposihon 13 as their great 
justifi ca tion. As UCLA 
economist David Shulman 
puts it, "The lesson (of 
Proposition 13) seem to be 
it's okay 10 cut taxe if you 
have a lot of money around to 
fill the gap.' We do not have 

Plea.e tum /a r>age 14 

Immigrants Needed ' For 
Coming Labor Shortage 

BY FRANK VMANO 
In a familiar nightmare of future crisis, joblell American 

citizens line up outside 01 welfare oIfice., while an end Ie .. stream 
of worker. from. south of the border' filla US factorie • • 

But it could be a nighbnare turned iuide·out lOOn. . 
If Mexican immigrants are not allowed to enter the. US labor 

force, a Stanford University profellOr c1itim., the United States 
wiD find itself short of from five to 30 million worker. by the year 
2000. The result would be a dangerous glut of the unemployed 

Frank Viviano is an edi'or for the Pacific News Service. ' 
in Mexico, and economic disaster , social chaos and a drastic 
a1tfJ'ation of the standard of living for the US. 

Despite the current lobbying for immigration re.tric tion. by 
American unions, minorities, population control advocated by 
conservative politician., in the end, the US may need the 
Mexicans even more than they need the US. 

The shortage of American workers i. predicted by Clark W . 
Reynolds of Stanford's Food Research Insitiute, which recently 
completed a study of popuLation expansion and job needs over 
the next 20 years in Mexico and the US. Taking into account the 
mo.t dependable estimate. of economic growth, he says, "The 
demand for labor in the United State. will almo.t certainly 
outstrip supply." 

At the same time, Mexico'. economy i. unlikely to absorb the 
country'. million. of unemployed workers, even with a projected 
economic growth rate twice that of the US, once oil and natural 
gas discoveries are delivering their expected financial retUrn •• 

If Reynolds' projection. are accurate, they make a pOwerful 
argument for a relaxed immigration policy. "The meshing of 
their oversuppply with our coming demand, along with the 
proximity of our two countrie., makes increased Mexican 
emigration the most sensible approach we could undertake," 
Reynolds says. "In fact, whatever chance we have for mutual 
growth with social and political stability depends j)n it." 

In effect , hi. argument restates the- "Safety Valve lheory" 
which was often applied to 19th Century immigration. The innux 
of Eastern ' European, German and Mt!diterranean workers, 
according to this theory, relieved hazardoue population 
pre .. ures abroad while il provided a cheap labor supply to fuel 
American industrial production. 

The Stanford study assumes three percent annual growth in 
the US grOIl national product for the next two decades, aJightly 
Ie .. than a Bureau of Labor Statistics forecast of 3.65 percent. 
For Mexico, Reynolds predicts a six percent growth rate, ba.ed 
on soaring oil revenues and economic development. 

When population increases, anticipated new jobs, and such 
variables aa productivity and greatfJ' participation of women in 
the workfowce are worked into both countries' economic 
forecasts, the result is an exceu Mexican labor supply of from 
Jour to .ix miUion people, and approximately five million unfilled 
jobs in the United State •• 

MoreovfJ', says Reynolds, a curtailment of legal immigration 
now, joined with the pos.ibility that BLS estimates 01 future US 
labor needs are too low, could mean a .hortage ranging from 18 
to 30 million worker • . In such circum.tances, the US economy 
would srmply .top growing. Induetrial flight abroad would 
continue at a more rapid pace, and the American po.ition in the 
world economy would be seriously .undermined . 

The Stanford ,study comes ';t a time when the cla mor for 
immigration restric tion is growing louder. At its a nnual meeting 
in Miami this February, the AFL·CIO turned back a Garment 
'Workers Union proposal to endorse amnesty for undocumented 
aliens, and voted overwhelmingly to repea t it call for penalizing 
employers who hire illegals. Demands for immigrabon cutbach 
pressed by the Federation for American Immigration Reform 
were publicly supported by 22 congressmen. 

And another Stanford profes or - Zero Population Growth 
advocate Paul R. Erlich - has. just published a book which 
suggests that unrestricted immigration from Mexico is full of 
social peril for the US, including the pollibility of serioul ethnic 
confl ict. 

I 

Friday, March 14, 1980 

. 

Ford Found Innocent 
. In Pinto. Deaths Case 
j 

WINAMAC, IN - A jury 
from the nation's heartland 
found Ford Motor C'l . 
innocent yesterday of reddell 
homicide charge. in the fir.t 
criminal prosecution of a 
corporation in a products 
defects case -- a verdict the 

. prosecutor said "vindicates" 
the giant automaker. 

' Defense attorney Jame. F. 
Neal said the . acquital'. on 
charges sternmin,g from the 
fierY highway deaths of th~ 
teen-agers showed even · a 
giant corporation can win the 
day if it has "a fair and 
reasonable story." 

lbe three leen-agen were 
burned to death when their 
1973 Pinto exploded .. flames 
after being hit from behind by 
a van on an Indiana high"ay 
in August, 1978. 'J'J.e ~state 
contended defects in the 
subcompact'. fuel .)'.t.em 
made it likely to leak fuel in 
rear end cra.hes at low to 
moderate .peeds . Ford 
attorney. said the force of the 
impact, rather than any 
alleged defect, caueed the 
gasoline tank 10 explode. 

Chief prosecutor Michael 
Cosentino said after the 
verdict that there was a 
"strong po .. ibility" he would 
appeal the judge's ruling. in 
the ca.e. 

Defen.e attorney N~al, 
whose fee in the ca.e hal 'been 
reported at $1 million, said of 
a pollible appeal: "I don't care 
about the appeal . They can 
appeal aU the points of law 
they want. I'm through with 
the case." 

He said latfJ': "I'm, awfully 
pleased. It ie the most difficult 
case I've evfJ' tried. lbe state 
had an easy emotional case, 
but we had a Ie .. emotional 
ca.e becau.e we were 
defending a big corporation." 

Cosentino, who led a 
spartan state effort that 
included funding of about 
$20,000 and the use of 
volunteer help, said the verdict 
"vindicates" Ford. 

He said: "It means to me 
that manufacturer. can make 
any kind of car they want to 
and it'. up to the public to 
decide if they want to buy it or 
not." 

, . 

All students and all recreation card ho lders must 
dear o r renew their lockers by FRIDAY, MARCH 
21, 9:00 pm. To clear, lock and to wel must be 
returned to the Equipment Cage. Failure to do so 

w ill result in a $5.00 fine. 
Equ ipment cage open for clearance o r renewal: 

Mo nday-Friday .......... . .. 7:30 am-9:oo pm 
Weekends . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 12:00 noon-6:00 pm 

The Daily Guardian 

DOONESBURY 

Forgiveness for 
Oil Spill Asked 

WASHINGTON - A 
Califomia conllrenman a.ked 
a House .ubcommittee · 
yesterday to let several 
independent oil companies, 
caught up in the turmoil of the 
1969 Santa Barbara Channel 
oil spill, reclaim their drilling 
rights in the channel. 

Rep. Jerry M. PaterlOll, D· 
Calif., told the House Interior 
.ubcommittees on mines that 
the Pauley Group should be 
allowed to resume operations 
.on the offshore tract it 
abandoned in the wake 01 the 
Santa Barbara blowout. 

Bill Would Cut 
White's Defense 

SACRAMENTO - A bill 
to repeal the defenses of 
diminished capacity and 
voluntary intoxication in 
criminal trial. Will introduced 

, in the Legislature yesterday by 
Sen. David Roberti, D·Los 

A~ele •. 
Roberti cited the ca.e of 

Dan White , who pleaded 
diminished capacity and was 
convicted of manslaughter for 
killing Mayor George 
Mascone and Supervi.or 
Harvey Milk in San Francisco. 

He al.o noted the ca.e of 
two Bulte County men, 
accused of murdering a black 
man because' the)' couldn't 
find a deer to shoot. 

Voluntary Wage 
Guidelines Up 

WASHINGTON - The 
CartfJ' Administration raised 
its voluntary wage guideline. 
yesterday 10 the nation'. 
worker. could receive wage 
increases of up to 9 .5 percent 
this year and remain in 
c0mp6ance with 1J0venment 
inflation.fighting efforts. 

The administration, 
accepting a labor·backed 
recommendation of 7.5 
percent to 9.5 percent for pay 
and fringe benefit increases. 
up from lut year'. 7 PfJ'cent 
guideline. 

The guideline is the limit 
that the administration would 
like to lee for wage increase. 

3 

by Garry Trudeau 

this year. Since it i. voluntary, 
however, the government 
can't force compliance. 

Mortgage Rates 
Frighten Buyen 

NEW YORK - Record. 
high mortgage rate. are 
forcing an increaaint m.mber 
of Americans to drop out of 
the home-buyinIJ market or at 
least poatpone t6eir pwchues, 
an Associated Pre.. survey 
shows. 

"People .e beint ICared 
away," .ad a fnOI't8aIe loan 
officer in Detroit. "They're 
diecouraged even IooIcing at 
the rates." 

M~ rales nationally 
generally range from 141h 
percent to 16 percent, 
compared with 10114 percent 
one year 810 and 13 percent 
u recendy as February, the 
AP survey found. 

Housing officials say many 
prospective home buyfJ's are 
unwilling to pay the IQher 
rates, while others find their 
incomes are not large enough 
to qualify them for loan •. 

Nordl County Center 
9816 Brma Road, 801te lfT1 

II1raMe .. Dr. Alan Leventhal, O.D. Dr. Neville Coben, O.D. 
& pror-tc.al corporation *pror...toaal .. nrt_ DcK iuluded 588-1900 

A bit of blarney comes · to San Diego PARTICIPANTS: 
San Diexo • This March 

15 thru 17 will see the largest 
St. Patrick'. Day festival 
ever in the city's history. 

When Irish Eyes. The 
Raden &g, Spancil Hill, 
and Dublin Tount are but a 
sample of the tunes to be 
heard all weekend and 
Monday, San Oiego'.largest 
St. Patrick's Day celebration 
is bound to turn Old Town 
into a jamboree of mueic. 
dancing, contests, craft., 
pUes, fun and excitement. 
Six months in the pIanniq, 
thie festival promiaes to be 
remembered long aft« the 
last lOng is sung and the Iut 
eeI_.tor i. down. 

h all starts Saturday, 
March 15th on San Dieto 
Avenue with muIic, dancint, . 
singin, and drinkinll 
contes", arm wratlinll. 
shows, arts, crafts, and of 
coune, .uch epicurean 
deiafa - hot potatoes, 

giant home· made pastries, 
hot apple cider, popcorn, and 
Irish beer by the mug, foot, 
Ih yard and yard. Profession· 
aI and local mueical and 
dancing performers will be 
performing on stage 
continuously. Three·men 
drinking team. will be 
competing for cash prizes 
and, 'as a speciaU attraction, ' 
one of the "wee people" wiD 
be hand to make sure 
eYfJ'yone ie having fun-

lou~g and old alike. 
Sunday'. activities will move 
into O'Hungry'. Restaurant 
where authentic lri'" food 
and drink wiD fill the tables aU 
My long accompanied by 
plenty of music, singinc and 
clancing. Monday, the 
official day of "spirit" 
SJ:iencee, wi. beP at 
5. pm.. San Diego AvfJl'Ne 
wit &pin be doeed and the 
music. dancing and 
celebratinll will move 

outside. Thi. time it's all 
geared to .the true spirit of 
those hard core mercenaries 
who take c elebratin g 
seriously. 

Also at the festival will be 
a Blarney Stone from Ireland 
which one and' all can kiss or 
louch to heal their 
sicknesses, give them 
universal wisdom, and free 
them of all their worries. In 
addition, during the festival, 
O'Hungry'. recently adopted 
.i.t. restaurant and pub, 
O'Neil'., on Moore Street, 
Dublin (a rather famous 
.treet for establi.hments) will 
have a few surprise. for one 
and all. Our unique sistfJ' pub 
wiD provide everyone with a 
1l00d feeling of what it might 
be like to be in Ireland on St. 
Patrick's Say. Hope to see 
everyone there lor three 
exciting day. of Blarney, 
Banshees, Food and Fun! 

---odoertisement 

Jim & Theresa "Good Time Music from Ireland" 
Erin Ceilic Dancers 

A Bit of Ireland 

Jim & Theresa "Good Time Music from Ireland" (Singers) 
Erin Ceilic Dancers 

A Bit of Ireland (Singers) 
Cygany Dancers 

Paddy'. Navy (Singers) 
The Bass Went Home (Singers) 

A Wee Bit of lri.h (Retail) 
H & P Enterprise (Retail) 
Boyle Distributors (Retail) 

The Mechanical Man (Mime) 
F1uHerby (Clown) 

Shamrock (Clown) 
Old Ireland Arts & Crafts 
The Irish Boutique (Retail) 

Guine .. (Retail) 
Old San Diego Chamber 01 Commerce 

O'Neils Pub (Moore Street, Dublin, Ireland) 
The International House of Ireland 

Ancient Order of Hibernians 
O'Hungry's Restaurant (Irish) 

lareish (Clown) 
Jeff the Juggler 



PrldaJ ,1Iarch 14, 1980 The Daily Guardian 

Commission Finds Affirmative Action 
Hasn't Matje Much Progress in UC 

Continued Irom page I high school graduates spells Callan also recommended 
yean, the proportion of women disaster in the long run for the state better coordination of outreach 
enroIledingradschool.,.tUCiutiU and public post· secondary and a more critical evaluation of 
IUbstantiaily lower than the education institutions in terms of the existing programs. Presently 
proportion in undergraduate enrollment," said Callan. there are 17 different outreach 
programs. Callan attributes the Callan recommended shifting programs in California with a total 
lack of dramatic progre .. to the the emphasis of the affirmative budget this year of $13,3 million. 
fact that in the early years of action programs to an even greater Forty-six percent is from federal 
affirmative action, the emphasis degree toward the outreach funding, 42 percent from the state 
waa primarily on financial aid and program, which he caUs "self help" and 7.4 percent from educational . 
IUpport lervices. Only later in programs. institutions. 
the leventies did higher education Increasing the number of The community colleges, state , 
authoritiel turn their aHention to students eligible for post- colleges and the university are 
preparing high achoolstudents for secondary institutions is the most extremely leery of . CPEC's 
a colleie education through the reasonable approach because it repeated emphasis on program 
outreacJ. program. places the responsibility on the coordination. 

In addition to the declining student," said Callan. "If a student According to one CPEC official 
enrollments which are predicted in has the academic preparation and UC is secretly afraid the legislatur~ ' 
California for the mid-1980s, they choose not to go on into will designate CPEC as the formal 
Callan says the decreasing number higher education, it is not the monitoring body responsible for 
01 minorities completing hiRh state's problem," affirmative action programs. 
school i, the most serious problem V· Ch II H ' 
in hilrller education today. Ice ance ors aven t 

wn,e general overall decline of Decided What They'll Do Now 
Marcuse Continued (rom page 1 
S d S Management, H.D. Johnson, ~m ~~anc.ellor. I'll I!!ave it to tu y et notes, "I have served under every . 
Continued from "age 1 chancellor that this university has "The option that Saltman had 

had, and I will continue to serve the (returning to teaching) is not open 
Memol'll in Herbert Marcuae's t" Joh Th university if it's at aU possible." 0 everyone, nson said. He =t, ~ Martin Jay 01 UC Richard Armitage, Vice added that when the chancellor 

ey. 'red ~ H. Stuart ChanceUor of Student Affairs leaves "it'. not like the office of the 
HUll he s 0 f . U C S D wit h refused to make any comment governor or the president where 
~ by Robert Pippin of about his future plans. the whole thing goes down" and all 
lICSD. But he did say that whether or ·oftheotheroHlCersmustleavetoo. 

2 - 4 pm: NellGtiuity: Theme not hellaubrnit his resignation wiD "I like it here," Sisco said in 
and Variations, by Richard "depend -atly upon who the new reflection a.!>out Me Elroy' sleaving Bern.tein of Haverford CoIIqe. _L ___ I .,"- and the bili Chaited by Gerald OoppeIt of uumc;eIlor wiD be." possi 'lity of his having to 
UeSD with commentary by "Changes alwa]s follow these leave if asked by the new 
Andrew ~ things," he sa-, and they're not chancellor. reenberg of San Diego sari!,J- r Slale. necea8emar'dY Si~r the worse.' "I have thought about going to 4 _ 5 pm: F'aImed interview of leO, vice chancellor law lehool, but I do not have a 
MarCUle disc . Heiclegger for administration, lakes the same faculty position," he replied when 
with F:rederick A.O'L.faon. attitude. "I am an officer of the asked about what he would do if he 

.. 

'Libraries Open 
Longer as Burn 
Out Week Begins 

"The way ;s to the destructive element submit 
yourself. " 

- Conrad, Lord Jim 
The libraries are extending their hours during the 

coming week, and the colleges are sponsoring bum-
out centers to help cope with finals week. 

Central wiD be open 9am - Ilpm Saturday March 
IS, lOam - .1lpm March 16, and 8am - Upm 
Monday-Friday. Cluster's hours wiD be 9am - lOpm 

' March. IS, 11am - 10 pm March 16, 8am - 12prn 
Monday-Thursday, and 8am - IOpm Friday. 

Science and Engineering Ubrary will be open 9am 
- Jlpm March 15, Noon - llpm March 16,and8am 
- Ilpm Monday-Friday. . 

Biomed's hours will be 9am - 5pm March IS, Ipm 
- 12pm March 16,and Bam - 12pm Monday-Friday. 

Students are also welcome to study in any of the 
unlocked classrooms. 

If you want a break from studying. are looking for 
some companionship, or just want some free food 
Revelle, Third, and Warren colleges are sponsoring 
"burn·out" centers, . 

Revelle's Why Not Here will be open 9pm to Sam 
Sunday through FAday; the Outback Cafe on 
Warren Campus will be open. Spm - 12pm Sunday 
through Thursday; and The Center for the People 
located acrou from the Third College MunchboxwiU 
be open 6pm - 12pm Tuesday through Friday. 

And if you need any last-minute tutoring, OASIS 
wiD be providing assistance Sunday from 5pn -9pm 
and Monday lOam - 9pm. 

Monday, March 17, is a "free" day and· 
aHendance at sections or review sessions is strictly 
voluntary. 

university, the president (UC), and had to leave the. IIn<v_.itv ~~~~----------~--~~--------

. MOmZUMA GOT HIS REVENGE •.. MAGIC RAZOR 
HAIR DESIGN 

La Jolla 
Village Squau 

5 minutes from UCSD - 2 bloch south of the V If Hospital. 

Now it's the 
·_IJ'T"fl'i~"'PA"rHfJ(; 

THIS FRIDAY! 
8:00 PM. MANDMW AUDITORIUM 

$1.75 
UNIVERSITY EVENTS BOX OFFICE 

Guys 0- Gals-how would you lille to waite up 
in the morning af1d run your Inwh through 
your hair and have it all fall into place' If you 
haven't experienced this yet, come on in and try 
one of our precision hairstyles .. We have ten 

sty l#sts to serve you. 

OPen: Mon, Thurs, Fri 10 am-9 pm 
Tues, Wed, Sat 10 am-6 pm 

Sun 12 noon-5 pm . 

~----------------------------~ 
: Students, Faculty, Staff: : 
: with this coupon : 
I I 
I . $2.50 off any hairstyle I 
: plus 'a FREE 60ttle of our ' I 
: ph ba(anced shampoo or conditioner : 
I (a $2.50 value) I 
I I 
: 10% off on additional services : 
I olfer good thru March 31, 1980 : 
I I 

._-----------------------------call for appointment 
455-1700 

Friday, March 14, 1980 The Daily Guardian 

·CaIifomia's Slo-o-ow Motion Explained 
Plate Tectonics Tell State's Future, Explain Quakes 
BY MARK WILSON 

A local marine geologist 
assured an audience at a-
Scripps sponsored lecture last 
Wednesday that the California 
coast is indeed going to faD 
into the ocean. 

Hi, certainty, however, is 
accompanied by his expecta-
tion that such a disaster will 
not OCCW' for several million 

The f)aily Guardian 

~ience 
years, as the coast inches so 
slowly toward the sea_ . 

This was the topic of the 
"Plate Tectonics and San 
Diego's Slippery Future" 
lecture sponsored by the 
Scripps Aquarium Associates. 
Dr. Joseph Curray, a marine 
geologiat and UCSD 
graduate, presented the 
lecture with the intention of 
infonning the lay geologist. 

"The concept of - plate 
tectonics, in the very simplest 
terms, is that the surface of the 
ea rth is covered with 
lithospheric plates which are 
on the order of 60 miles in 

thickness, he explains. 
These plates slide, 

"separating from each other, 
converging on each other, in a 
complicat,d manner," he 
says. 

"The California coast rides 
on the Pacific plate, while the 
rest of California and United 
States is on the North 
American plate. Between the 
two is the San Andreas fault , 
which has caused much 
speculation about California's 
fate . 

The Pacific plate makes up 
the west side of the San 
Andreas fault, and moves 
northwest with respect to the 
North American plate. "It is a 
plate edge that i. sliding· 
laterally past the other plate, 
not converging, not diverg-
ing," Curray says. 

Earthquakes in southern 
California are likely to be 
caused by the movement of 
the northbound Pacific plate. 
'These movement pains have 
caused major damage in the 
past, such as the San 
Francisco earthquake in 1906 
and one in Long Beach in 
1933 .• 

Curray says these larger 

LONDON SCHOOL OF ECONOMICS 
STUOY THE SOCIAL SCIENCES IN LONOON 

TlIe London Sc:IIooI 01 EconomIcI _ I'oIIIk* ScIence 011_ Junior yeer .1Udy. 
~ .. diploma. one-YMf Mealef'. degreM _ r-a. ~ 
In tile lIMIt of London In . , wide range of aoa.I~. S41bjecta ~ 
Accounting and FInance. Actuarial ScIence. Anth OPOIogy, 8uaIneaa Stud .... 
ECOIIOIMU1ca. Econornica. Economic HIatory. ~y. G~ Induatrt.l 
A*1Iona. Int.mallonal ~.I""""1IoIW ~~ uw. ~ s.-. 
OpnIIoMI Anun:tI. l'IIIIoeoIJhy. PoIIIIca. Soc:IeI AdrrinlelnllIon, SocIal WOIII. 
8oGIoIagy. SocIeI Paydlalogy and Slatlallcal and Me"-1Ic* ScIencea. 
F_ £2000 (approL 145(0) • year. Umited nn.na.I .... __ •• .a.bIe. 

AppIicaIIon IIIIInIca _ : 
Pro-onc ..... LS.E_ HaugMon S1rMI. London WC2A VE.. England. 

PIMM .tata whether junior YMf or poa,,-". 

The uc: Son1)iegO Chamber Music Sefies 
, 1979~ presents: 

from Stuttgat. Germany 

The MeiGS 
Quartet 
March 15. Sat. 8 pm 

MondevUIe AudItorium 

Hoy<i'l: .......... Quartet in D. opus 76 
Berg: .................. QuQrtel opus 3 
Schubert: . .... .. Quartet in G. opus 161 

·'near peIfect .. . IlawleSS." 
lMMAGAZINE 

ON IMI ·NOWI UIO loa otIoe 

'earthquakes may be caused 
because "in some places the 
San Andreas fault sticks, 
building up a lot of strain, 
which after a couple of years 
may let go." Such an event 
causes several years of 
movement to happen at once. 

"San Diego is sitting in a 
quiet comer of the state. That 
may be good, but it may not be 
good. We may be sitting on a 
potentially very large 
earthquake, but there is very 

~ttle that we can do about it. 
"At the present time 

earthquake prediction is stiD in 
its infant stage," he 
continues, "although the 
Chinese have successfully 
jlredicted one earthquake. 
But, they have milled 
predicting several big ones." 

Curray suggests that it 
might be possible to lubricate 
the friction between two plates, 
allowing them to move past 
one another in a series of smaD 
steps rather than one large, 
destructive one. This idea 
originated when the Anny in 
Denver pumped waste water 
into the ground and caused an 

Please tum to page 6 

FRISCO FANNY'S 
COMES TO LA 

A DIFHAtNT KIND Of STOAt 
featuring the latest and 
most attractive women's 
fashions witt) top designer 
labe1s at the LOWUT 
DISCOUNT 'AICtS. Come and 
compore our low low prices 
and enjoy our good OlD 
MSHIONtD StAVICt. 

GRAND OPENING SALE 
AT ALL 8 STORES 

. Bo991es ... $16.95 
coaapGN cat $30.00 

Hopsack 
Blazers ... $11.95 

CO • [ • cat S30.00 

Huge .. Ido. of D ....... 
lops at DISCOUNT PIICG. 

MDIIUO 
(near Post OffIce) 

0IUIa VIItO • fI '*" . DoIUntown • MIra Meso • VIItO • ~ Grow. • NorttI PartI 

5 



.. Tbe Dally Guardian FrIday, Marcb 14, 1880 

Cream May Be -'Better Than Estrogen Pill· 
But Reseachers Say Product, Designed to Relieve Menopause Symptoms, Often Overused 

PETER MORTENSEN and with lP'eater effici~y' 
.' Sc-.. ,... than when taken orally in piU 
E.tro.en c ream. a farm. 

c .... rcially marketed Doctora often prescribe 
--..L~ ....... to nieve the estro,en. to relieve hot 
:;;;I ... clmenap-..... ' fIMh_. v .... irritation and ~............... emotionality th.t mallY 
aM the 1D0r. ~u~ar WCIII*I aperieQce while ItOinI 
_01 piI. UCSD School 01 throulh menopau.e. In 
M.ICiDe ,...,c:t.a .. y. adcItion to preventing atrophic 

..... bonnone, ..... appIied v.,ntia, ...... also help 
... to the ..... ior Glthe slow down oiIeoporoeia, the 
yqi.. with el'ea", i. ....... Ioaa of calcium from 
........ Y abIorbed more . bones, in poat-menopausal 
cINetb into the bIoodataeam women. 

California to Fall In 
Ocean - After Million 
Years, Lecturer Says 
c. .. I d from"". 5 Curray began the lecture ina.... .mount 01 Miamic with excerpts from Curt 
.:tMty. Gentry'. book The lA., Dall' 

01 t1w l..Gle Great State 01 
CGUlomla which desc:ribea 
California falling into the 
ocean. He also projected IOI'M 
pouible geolosical futures of 
the .tate up to 60 million year. 
from now. These included the 
formation of "the Gulf of 
northern California", a .bift of 
the Mexican border half way 
up the state, and , somewhere 
around 30 million years from 
now, "UCSD,· UCLA and 
UCB could have formed a 
three.campul croll· town 
rivalry." 

c...y finds it cifficuit to 
abtaia a fixed 'point of 
• .-...c. on these pIa_, with 
pcIIIiYy one exception. "Hot 
~" CCIIM out from the 
e '. mantle, forming 
vOkanoel, luch al the 
......... bIand.. "These, for 
t .. ...,. part, ltay fixed and 
.. the plate moves acJOII 
them • trail 01 volcanic activity 
is left on the plate. It is possible 
that the movement ol the 
Pacific plate was recorded by 
the chain of Hawaiian Islands. 

FrI~J March 14 
Folk Rock by 

FIREFLY 
8:30 pm 

sponsored by the AS 

FRIDAY ONLY 
Surcharges: 1Q¢ per glass 

2Q¢ per small pitcher 
30¢ per large pitcher 

A drawback to thil new 
finding i. that many physicians 
throush . the years have 
prescribed excesl amounts of 
the cream to women who 
IhouId avoid eatrorena, and 
do not realize the potency of 
the DrOCIuct. 

The reauIb ol the atudy 
were published in a recent 
Journal 01 the American 
Medkal Association: "this 
clinical ltudy on private 
patients confirml earlier 
reports from studies in a 

laboratory setting that 
t!lb'oIJeIli applied locally in the 
vagina are ablorbed 
Iystematically with rapidity 
and efficiency. 

"Within 12 houra ol the fint 
vaailud aeam applica .... , 
..um estrogen reached IevWa 
that . are normal for the 
fol&c~, phase in o~~ 
women, the report, wntten in 
p~nl' by UCSD clinical 
proleNor Purvis Martin, 1a,1. 

ID addition, the report 
rev_ that the eH~ts of 

estrogen are not cwnulative, 
but that level. mus' be 
maintained by daily vaginal 
application of the cr~. 

A .pecial caution wal 
iuued by the researcherl, who 
noted that preaaiption for 
estrogen cream. · for women 
who have had cancer i. 
daiUlerOUI. 
. "Ii had been prelUl1'ied 
the e.trogen effects were 
primarily topical rather than 
Iy.temic. On the basil of our 

Please tum 10 pog.I 14 

Lead Dangers Told 
BY ROBERT LOCKE 

APsa.-w ..... 
PASADENA - Poi· 

lonous lead pollution 
il hundreds of times worse 
worldwide than scientists 
had aaapected and current 
controls on lead may be 
dangerously inadequate, 
two researchers laid 
yesterday. 

"Typical adult Ameri· 
can. have 500 time. more 
lead in their bodies than 
their prehiltoric ancestors," 
before industrialization 
Ipread the hazardous 
metal, said Dorothy Settle 
of the California Institute of 
Technology .. 

Vet regulatory agenciel 
mil take this polluted 

concentration for normal or 
natural levels and use that 
as the baseline for' letting 
limit. on lead contamina· 
tion she said in an interview. 

"For the present 
generation of adults I think 
little can be done," MI.. 
Settle said. "It i. for future 
generations that positive 
action should be taken." 

She said the Caltech 
finding is based inpart on 
the discovery that luna 
packed in can •• eaIed with 
lead solder contain 10,000 
times more lead than the 
eltimated level from pre· 
industrial time •. 

In fact, she said, luna 
from lead·soIdered can. 
was 1 ,000 timel more 

contaminated itanfiah fresh 
from the poDuted oceana, 
compared with only a 20· 
fold increase in nonaoldered 
cans. 

She and Caltech 
geochemilt Clair C . 
Patterson, writins in the 
journal Science this week, 
argued that "lead·soIdered 
cans for any foods lIhould 
be eliminated immediately 
because they conltitute a 
known, readily identified 
principal source 01 lead in 
foods. 

"Regulatory agencies 
mu.t understand that an 
unrecognized form of lead 
poisoning may be affecting 
moat Americans and a 
major portion of the world'. 
population," they said. 

Thank God 
Irs Over! 

..... -TODAY!~-
3:00 to 5:00 

. Revelle PICiza 

Free Light & Bacchus' Favorite 
Grape Juice if you're over 21-

don't forget your IDI 
sponsored by 'the ASUCSD 

and the Revelle College Council 

Unwind from finals! 

Friday, March 14, 1980 

New Practice 
Time Resurrects 
Badminton Team 

BY BARBARA HAAS 
Seniar Staff Writer 

'The badminton team presently has daily practices inspite of 
some early. season complication.. The current team has 

. withltood a change in coaches, practice sessions before sunrise 
because of problems with the availability of the gyms, the 
cancellation of the lport due to an apparent lack of student 
interest, and a match .chedule with only three different school ... . 

At the beginning of the season, Carrie Morrison, a student at 
SDSU who was coaching the team, was forced to hold practice 
from 7 :30 until 9:00 in the morning because that was the only 
time either of the gyms were available. Only six eligible players 
carne to these workouts because of the ungodly hour at which 
they were held; but at least eight persons are needed for a 
regulation team. Morrison discussed the lack of student 
participation with Judy Sweet, the athletic director, and it was 
decided that it was best just to drop the sport and forget about it. 

Jeff Workman and Dave Londo, two students on the team, 
called veteran players and other people who expressed some 
interest in playing, and gathered 15 students who signed a 
statement saying they would participate if practice was at a 
reasonable hour. Ny met with Sweet, and the problem about 
practice times was resolved because basketball season had 
ended, the gym was free from 4:00 until 6:00, a mu~h more 
agreeable time for workouts. 

So, since an ac.ceptable time slot and enough people had been 
found, another coach "ad to be rounded up. Morrison had 
rearranged her schedule at State after the sport was dropped so 
she was unable to coach anymore. Randy Jones, who was acting 
as her assistant, agreed to step in and fill the position. 

The Daily Guardian 7 

Then all that was left was to find some competition. Upon the 
removal of UCSD from the Southern California Intercollegiate 
Badminton league, ·LaVeroe College eagerly jumped for the 
vacated schedule. After the reinstatement of the Triton players, 
it was impossible to rearrange team schedules 50 late in the 
season, so Jones quickly set up matches with some local schools. 
A total of five matchel are arranged with SDSU and Grossmont 
and Mesa JCI. The team is also entered in two tournaments, t~ 
league champion.hips on April 12·13 at Cal State LA, and then 
the State champion.hips at Dominguez HiUs. 

Badminton has returned to the Intercolletiate level al UCSO. lbe T ritona were the only 
undefeated team boasting the UCSO colon lut year but \t'fll'e forced 10 overcome lChedulinc 
diffICulties and a lack of facilities before they could compete thi. year. 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES $150 
Includes complete eVA e,omlnAtIO'" Including tonorretry lenses "ttlng work"p 

tralnlJ'g core kll and 'Ollow UG Vlslls - complete - no Add·tlonAI cha'ges 

Beware of the qUick eye examination and contact lens fit . It may be too quick. The best eYe e~amination and 
contact lens fitting Is painstaking. methodical, thorough, and consists of numerous tests. A minimqm 
number of ~ lIisits is required to achieve a proper fit . Our office is equipped with the most sophisticated, ad· 
lIanced and computerized instrumentation in the world in order 10 achieve the best eye examination and 
contact lens fitting possible . 
All contact lens filing include a written aQreement that aliows you to relurn your contacts and receive are· 
fund at your discretion with a specific periQd of time. 
If you've been thinking about contacts. visit San Diego's most technologically·advanced opfometric office 
today. Our large library 01 lenses allows us to send you home with your new contacts the same day they are 
fitted in most cases . 
Call today for an 'appointment, free consultation or Information Jacket explaining soft. flexible. hard. torlc 
(tor correction of astigmatism) soft, and extended wear (24·hour) contact tenses. 

Dr. D. A. Renltaugft I AlIOCt.IM, 
Optometrtela 

1939 Grand Avenue. Pacific Beach. CA. 272·2211 .. 

Masl8rcharge and VISA accepted 

A unique program 
leading to the Master of 

Business Administration 
Degree for those undergraduate 

science majors and others who are 
planning a career In the management 

of enterprises associated with 
Agriculture. 

The curriculum consists of three parts: 
Nine general M.BA Courses 
Eight Agribusiness Courses 

Four Electives 
Twelve to Eighteen months normally 

are required to complete the program 

A representative will be on campus to talk wHh allinteres~ 
students on March 18, see Career Planning 
and Placement for details. 

:\:\1'11:\;\ I EL 
IlR. . .\:\ I)E~ ~ Ph.l). 

au rho! of The Psychology o f Self·Esreem 
and The Disowned Self 

or hiS 2' 2 Day Inrenslve Worl~shop on 
SELF·ESTEEM AND 

THE ART OF DEING" 
NEXT AVAILABLE WORKSIIOP IN SAN DIEGO 

APRil 27-29, 1980 

PREVIEW LECTURE 
Mllrch 26, 1980 - 7:00 PM 

Universilv Towne Cenler - La loll. 
For Information, CIAII or Write: IlolI s.lc ProductiOfts, I 

332 Rancheros Drive, 20" - S.n Marcos. 92069 

(714) 744-741U 
o ~~~~ ,,).~~ 
~0> 0 '(>, ~o\\1> ~\"o 

~~~j 3\..1> ~.;,~~~ ~~ 
0~0 
~O~~I 

drop in for a free 
personalized styling I consultation. 

our styles create 
irresistable men 
fascinating women 

obedi~nt children. 

464-3038 

wornancar 
A FEMINIST 
~~ HEALTH CENTER 

WOMEN'S 

• PREGNANCY 
SCREENING 

• ABORTION 
• BIRTH CONTROL 
• SELF-HELP 
• WELL WOMAN 

3e8e 4th Avenu. 
S.n Diego, CA 821 03 
or c.lI: 288·8352 



8 The Dally GuarcUu Friday, March 14,1980 

Early Pick llireatened in -1M Softball 
Alter Loss to Raman Scattering, Bio-Hazards 
Must Face Challengers For Championship 

BY SAMAHJ'HA ROBY 
• Intramural au pitch 
IOltbaII ia foIIowina ill script 
almo.t to the letter a. 
t;:..heason f~orile., the 

. azards in AAA and the 
Cleal Teasa'I in AA, are IIiIl 
going slronl into the final 
round 01 the playoff.. , 

1ne Biohazards, however, 
are not standing sure· 
footedly . . They !ostto Raman 
Scattering lui weekend, 6-1. 
Scattering'. captain Jon 
HaIckiIa said that it was no 
easy win: the game wu fairly 

. even - 2 to 1 - until late in 
the game when Scattering 
blew the game wide open, 
scorinc four runs and seaIina 
the Huard'. tomb. 

- against No Nukes in their first 
,ame 01 this weekend's 6nals. 
No Nukes beat the Slugs last 
weekend, 14·0. Captain 
Roger Stoldaa said, "it was 
nothing spectacular, we just 
chipped away at them. I don't 
think ther, played up to their 
potential. ' Stoklas thinks his 
team should be able to dilpose 
of Scattering without many 
problems. 

But ScaUmng'. Hakkila 
and hi. teammates, who are aU 
en~ineering an~ phYlics 
maJOrs, are aruuou. for a 
championlhip. Thi. lame 
team let a champion.hip slip 
through its fingen last year. "If 
we don't do well this quarter, 
we wiD ~Ilt quarter. We've 
got to, we're aU going to 
graduate! We'd like to get a 
little taste of glory if we can." 

Rich Roux, a right.fielder 
fo.r the Teasers, played 
exceptionally well, even 
miUllllinf to make the second 
baseman s play. at time.; 
none of the Diamond. knew 
which po.ilion was really his. 
If Raux was the defensive 
.tronghold, Keith England 
was the weak link - or so say. 
an anonymous teammate/ 
roommate of captain Geor~e 
Lian. He commented, ~f 

. anyone is going to beat us, 
thel"U have to hit it to him." 

The Teasers hope to 
continue in this vein of 
IUcceas, but that may be 
difficult: they are all med· 
students on a different 
schedule than undergrads. It 
may be tou.gh to field a team 
for Saturday's finals, but with 
any luck at all, they'D be 
teasing deats all the way to the 

championship. 
The Teasers' next 

adversary is Hard Wood who 
last week beat the #2 seeded 
Do You Swallow?, 33·16. 
Captain Randy Lorimer 
maintains that it was even 
more of a rout than the score 
would suggelt. "We let up 
because we didn't want · to 
embarrass ~." 

Hard Wi>od even surpri.ed 
themselved by scoring 33 
runs. "We are h<lsically a 
defenlive team," says 
Lorimer. When asked what he 
thought about going up 
~ainst the favorites. Lorimer 
s8ld l "We're just as good a. 
the Cleat Teaser •. No: better! 
Especially defen.ivdy." 

The other two team. lelt in 
contention for the title are 
Control and the Quadrupeds. 
Last weekend, · Control beat 
Mojo. 5.4 and this weekend 
wiD try their luck with the 
Quadrupeds. The Quad. take 

~ different approach to the 
problem posed: they key their 
game on offense while the 
other team. attribute their 
success to their defensive 
prowess. The Quads defense 
is kept at a minimum. Captain 
Paul White believes "minimal 
defense provides for funner 
garnes." 

Last weekend, the quads 
put an end to the season of the 
# 1 seeded Open Minds, 
downing them 20·8. White 
says it was even easier than 
the score indicates: "It was a 
blow·out!" White claims to be 
guaranteed at least 20 runs 
per game for his crew of 
sluggers and anticipates no 
problem in disposing of 
Control. Just what is the 

Quads' secret? White 
speculates, "maybe it's 
because most of u. are ripped 

for every game. I don't know if 
. that make, a difference." 

Bath ... BioHazards and 
R.nan Scattering think they 
t.Ye the ~lilJ to become 
the next AAA IOftball 
c:&.npon., but then .. Ilia, so 
... the Banana SlurP. And No 
..... for that malter. The 
s.;. trounced their last 
._~. 3-1. Captain Troy 

The T eaaefl, . predicted 
champions 01 the AA division, 
knocked Diamond. are 
Forever, a team originally 
pIamed • co.ecf, down in 
defeat last weekend, 17·1. It 
wu an~o~svictoryfor 
the Teaser. and in one early 
inning ~ went through the 
batting twice before the 
tNrd out. Thia round put them 
out to an early leftd which 
proved insurmountable for the 
Diamonds. 

This Weekend in Sports 
~ .. ,. it was an easy, one· 
.... victory. Conlernpla . 
... weetr.a'. match.up :z 
the BioHaurds, he say., 
..... '0 beat them, but it might 
not be easy." 

1ne team that dared to 
upHt the prl!leuon picks, 
Raman Scattering, is piHeei 

Friday 
Golf v. Point Lorna 

College at El Cajon, 12:30 
pm . 

Men'. Tenni. vs 
William JeweU College on 
Muir courts at 2 pm. 

Men', Baseball VI. 
Claremont on Olsen FJeld 
at 3 pm. 

Men'. Volleyball VI. 
CSU Northridge, away at 
7:30 pm . 

Salurday 
Women's Track·North. 

ridge rdays, away, TBA. 
Men'. Tennis vs. 

Glendale City College on 
Muir courts at 10 am. 

Women's Rugby v. 

One more day 
until San Diego Diego's 

LARGEST 
St. Patrick's Day' 

. Festival! 

Tempe on Muir field at 11 
am. 

Men's Baseball vs 
Oaremont (2) on Olsen 
f'Jeld at 12 noon_ 

Men'. Rugby vs UCLA, 
home at 1 pm. 

Men's Volleyball VI Cal 
Lutheran College, away at 
2 pm. 

-Thre ••• dd •• -v. of ... Ie, ".daa, coat ... , 
ca." pmu,· .... , _0 .. , food, cratt.-

....... , ..... ew, a booaftl 
aU •• pp ....... Old Tow., Marcia 15, 16, 17 

..... DI ... Av •• -

Friday, March 14, 1980 The Daily Guardian 

Zapp~ Indulges All 
His " Worst : Traits 

'Joe's Garage Acts One and Two' 
Exhibits Little of Early Promise 

JJY TED BURKE 
Arb Editor 

Time was when Frank the mistaken conceit that he's 
Zappa was one of the few a social satirist on the par with 
"arty" rock artists one could Lenny Bruce (an assh61e I 
continually depend on at a always thought to be an over 
time when other classicaJly rated loud mouth, which his 
influenced bands like Yes, unjust persecution doesn't 
Genesis, and Emerson Lake mitigate), his parodies of trite 
and Palmer had lost their pop.music forms, his 
novelty.act interests and their singularly unfunny vulgarisms 
music hact clacified into - have 01 late dominated his 

- tangential plagiarisms from most recent products, with 
Bartok, Copland and Zappa 's expertis ·e as 
Stravinski, and the legion 01 ,<omposer-arranger, guitarist 
second and third generation and bandleader taking a back· 
art bands, with an occasionaJ seatto Zappa the dirty.minded 
exception, had reduced the cynic, the misanthropic wet 

The Daily GlIaJ'Clian 

Arts 
hybrid into a fOmlula as 
predictable as the worst disco 
nightmare, Zappa, always the 
molt resourceful of rock's 
structuralists, would produce 
challenging, intricate, multi-
faceted music that would seem 
to reclaim "progressive rock" 
from a premature burial. 

Zappa, sadly, has also been 
an annoyingly erratic artist, an 
artist with a popensity to 
indulge his weaknesses with 
the same vigor with. which he 
lavi.hed his obvious gifts on 
his work. The weak points -

blanket whose peculiar stvle of 
vitriol audiences loved to hear. 

To be sure, Zappa's choice 
to cater to a crowd bent on 
hearing gratuitous obscenity 
and a cynically contrived 
iound has secured him the 
largest audience yet in his 10-
lear recording career, and 
Zappa, who once said that 
rock audiences wouldn't know 
good music if it "bit them on 
the ass", has fallen into a 
tragic demonstratiqn of the 
truth of that prophecy, by 
displaying a wil6ngness to 
squander his abilities on 
scummy gruel in the interests 
01 fattening his bank account. 
Thi. decision shows no sign of 
letting up, as witnessed by his 

Please tum to page 9 

Guardian Movie Guide 
Downtown Strand, 4950 Newport, Ocean Beach (22~-

3141) 
All«. 66!) 5th (239-9239) Rufer Madness. Sex Madness. and 

Call thealer for program information Assassi" of Youth, 3/ 14 and 15 
... ~, 4th and E (233-3326) Luna, 3/ 16 through 18 

If Force of One. Breaicing Point, and Th~ Harder They Come and Z, 3/ 19 and 
High Velocity . 20 

. .... ctw.y, Broadway at 8th (232-4600) ~~~)orn, 7454 La Jolla Blvd. La Jolla (459· 
Spanish mO\lies Nosferalu and Th~ Blue Angel, throu~h 

CabrillG, 329 Plaza (239-8719) 3/ 15 
Penitentiary, Blue Col/ar, and Five Olympia, Parts I and 1I. 3/ 16 through 18 

D,.dly Venoms Clairemont.¥eiuny Mesa 
c..ino, 645 5th (232-8878) University City 

Tile Visitor. Friday the Thirteenth: The Clairemonl, 4140 Clairemonl Mesa (274-
Orphan, and The Town That Dreaded -0901) 
Sundown Theater I: The Rose 
Gu''', 3827 5th. Hillcrest (295-2000) Theater 2: Windows and Lookitlg for 

I.a Cage aux Foiles Mr. GO(Jdbar 
PI ... 325 Plaza (232-0501) La Jolla. Village Th,atrcs, 8879 Villa La 

Blade Jjlron /:ron Fingers and Gameo/ Jolla Dnve (453-7831) 
tile magon' , Th~ater I : Hwr at Large and 

A meTlcalli on 

Beachn 
Coft. 77~0 Girard, La Jolla (459-5405) 

Going ;n Style 
Fine Arts, 1818 Garnet, Pacific Beach (274-
4000) 

Remember My Nam~ 
Wizards, 3/ 14 and 15 midnight 

rroncier Drivr-In. 3601 Midway Dr. (223: 
042) 
Call mealer for program information 

Leala, 3150 Rosecrans (224-3344) 
N"",.,. R tie 

Mi.,., Drivt' In, !J901 Midway Dr. (223-
8S4Z) 

If 'Mee Qf Ont and MlIgnum Force 
.... Drive-In. 4860 Mission Bay Dr. 
(27+HOO) 

eM' Miner·.f Doughtrr and Same Timt', 
Nne' y,., 
l;oru Arena Sixpln, 5J5O Sport Arena 
Iouln-ard (m-~f!5) 

Thn'~ I~ Coal MintT·.r Dau.l{httr 
TheaI8 2: The Eltrtr;c Hor.ftrnan 
:tIwa'rr ! : Force of One 
The.r4: just Tt'IlMr Wlla' You Wallt 
Thealer 5: If mniclt" Gillolo 
Theatrr . 

Theater 2: The Chinll S,Ylldrom and Alld 
ju.slice For A II 

Theater 3: Kramer 11 . Kramer 
Thealer 4: Chapter Two 

Mira MesaCinem.s, 8118Mir.1 Mesa Blvd. 
(566-1912) 

Theater I: Fillipino movies 
Theater 2: The jerlc and Nalio.nal 

Lampoon's Animal Hou.te 
Theater 3: Tile Visilor and Friday the 

Thirteentll : The Orphan 
Theater 4: Breal/ing Away and One 1m ' 

One 
Univenity Towne Cmler 6. 4525 La Jolla 
Village Orivt (452-7766) 

Theater I: Thl' VlSt Mhrr;l'd Couple ill 
Amt'ri(a 

Thealer 2: ju.st Tell,\lt' !Vhat YOII It'lIlIt 
Theater 5: Til,. EI,("/ri( Hor,st'lIIall 
Theam- 4: Foru·of 011, 
Theater 5: Coni Miner'.f DallKht,.r, 
Theater 6: Pncifi( fliff" 

Mission Valley 
Cen.er S Ci __ • 2120 Camino del Rio 
North (297-1888) 

ThealC{ I: Tilt' Ro.W' 
Thealer 2: H,ro at Largr a,x1 Rn'ellKrof 

tI" l'inA Pall,her 
Theattr ~ : Tht' I .IISI Mnrrwtl Couplt' ill 

Amrrila 

Cinema 21. 1140 HOlel Circle North (291-
2121) 

All Thai jazz 
Fashion Valley 4,110, Fashion Valley (291, 
4404) 

Theater 1: F also 
Theater 2: KTam~T tiS. Kramer 
Theater 3: Chapter Two 
Theater 4: Pacific High 

Valley Circle, Mission Valley Cenler WI"St 
(297·3931) 

Sta., Trt'ic 

State University 
Campus Drive·ln. 6117 EI Cajon Blvd. 
(582-1717) 

The Chintl SYllliromt' and And jusliet! 
FOT All • 
Cenlury Twin. 51 th and EI Cajon Blvd. 
(582-7690) 

Theater I: For('t' of 0111' 
Th ater 2: Tilt' j erk and Natiollal 

I.ampooll 's Allilllni H owe 
Cinerama. 5889 Universit y"Ave. (583-6201) 

Being T /rl'rl' 
College, 6303 EI Cajon Blvd. (286- 1455) 

Theater I: Cmisillg and Pl'll itelltiary 
Theater 2: Tllr I' ,.sitor 
Theater 3: j Itsl T I'll i\1 t' II' Ira I 1'011 I'" mil 
Theater 4: I"illdo,..s 

Ken, 4061 Adams Ave . (282-5909) 
/viUlrds and lardo:. 3/ 14 and 3/ 15 
C IlIIs /rillgum, 3/ 16 through 18 
jabbt'nc1ollic and MOlldo Callt', 3/ 19 anu 

20 
Scale. 4712 EI Cajon Blvd. (284·1-128) 

Closed temporarily 

North County 
Ayo. Vista Way (726-~040) 

Tht' Ro.st' 
lijou. 509 East Grand AI't'., Escondido 
(743-9082) 

CloSt-d [or remodeling 
Camino CinelJUl 4.2253 £1 Camino Rt'ill. 
Ocea11side (43!1-91 H) 

The:uer I: Tlt f 1.llsl iIInrril'd Coupl!' ill 
Amt'rica . 

Thc-dtl'l 2: Bri".1!, T lint' 
Theater ~ : CrllislIIg 
Thealer .. : Kmmt'Y 1'.1. Kralllt'T 

Cinema Plaza Theatre 5, 2565 EI CamillO 
Real . Carlsbad (729-7147) 

Theater I: Fora of One 
Theater 2: Coal Miner's Daugliler 
Theater 3: / 941 
Theater 4: A /I That jazz 
Theater 5: Clwpter Two 

CreSI, 102 N. Freeman. Oceanside (722-
6561) 

Star Tulr. and Lasablast 
flower Hill Cinemas. 2630 Via de la Valle. 
Del Mar (755-55 11 ) -

The-dter I: IV i IUlows 
Theater 2: (;oillg ill St)l/~ 
Theater 3: J 9U 

La Paloma,· 471 First I. , End nita (436-
7469) Sill'lll S(Team ami Dirl , 3/ 14 and 
15 

Tilt' Big Dig. 3/ 16 
A Fru R idt'. 3 18 Ihrough 20 

New Valley Drive In. 3840 Mi sion Ave .• 
Oceanside (757-5556) 

Thealer 1: Till' I'isitor andFridnv I It I' 
Tltirll'l'lIllt : TIIf' Orpllall . 

Thealer 2:T"1' £It'('/ric Horsl'II'rII ami 
HOi SllIf! 

Thealer 3:Tllt' j t'rk and Nnriollal 
l.ampoolI·s "llIi/llal Holt.sl' 

Theater 4: FflYrl' of 0111' and filar Lorrl.s 
of rlilallli,s 
Plaza Twin, 345 N. E condido BII'(I. , 
Es ondiuo. (745·5087) 

Th(';I. ter I: Kralll/'Y l'.S. Kramt'r 
TI1t'ater 2: rlmt'ricall Gigolo 

Poway Playhouse, 128-15 Pow,,)' Rd , 
Poway (748-7 110) 

Till' jl'ric 
Scar, -102 N. Hill. Oceanside (722-2895) 

Pmilt'lIliary and I'oliet' Gall 

Towne, 217 N. Hill . Ocean.ide (722·2155) 
Challl'lIgl' 0/ IIII' Drago/l. Dra/It 

jOIlTll t')', ",xl a Ihird feature, Ihrough 3 J 15 
Gorl/lllltt'r Sqllad "nd two other femurt • 

3 / 16 Ihrough 18 
Vineyard Twin Cinema , 1529-22 Easl 
Valley Pm·k",ay , Escondido (7-13· 1222) 

Tltt',uer I: Chapin Two 
TIlt'au'r 2: Th, La. I Mnrrit'rl COllplt' i /l 

. III/nit II 



10 Tbe Dail, Guardian Priday, March 14, 1980 

ZapPa Hasn't the Knack Needed for 'Joe's' . 
Conti .... from ptJfe 9 
laleet double record releue, 
Joe '. darqe Am One and 
Two. 

o.n.ibIy err ...... u the 
first and NCOnd ..... of an 
opa'a, 10. '. Garqe Ad. Ow 
and Two i. • mulive 
.... aniod fanluJ about fubft 
cia,.. In a decade .left 
unnamed, lov.rnment, 
~ and rdtion have 
become inextricabIJ linked. It 
• an ... in which muIic hal 
been banned by. the t:wen-
tbat-be, .and whole 0,. 
rode tyitarill named Joey, hal 
been imprisoned ita a reo 

1ft.UIinI. that he ,oa 81 far to imarme audiences liltening to 
him and aiticl revie ' him. 
Darint the coune :;'oeY's w...-..u.. around this cold, 
rif8eu world, he encounters a 
Catholic pi named Mary with 
an obHNion for fellatio, joins 
... Ron Hoover's peeudo • .elf 
help religion the Church of 
AppIiantoioty. 

educalion intended to 
. ~ 

.how muIic: lUY .. the erron 01 

That admiHecly truncated 
venion of the plot suggests 
what would seem like ripe .tuff 
for-- IQIneOne of a truly 
surrealist sensibility, but 
Zawa hasn't the knack. Like 
hit film 220 Motels, a sordid 
little crock that took unfair 
cheapahota at Middle America 
(the Rock Hudson·Doris Day Iend-. were funnier), or the 
rococo pig ·sties director Ken 

i 

. 

dwir way.. To maintain hit 
mental equilibrium, Joey im.... guitar aqIo" and 
bec:omeI 10 walled oil in hi. 

._-

Sorrento Valley 
Racquetball & Spa 

~ 

1-----2 for 1111!----1 
: S2.50/~r non prime-time : 
1 (regular $2.00 each) 1 
1 6:30-11 am. 1-4 pm. 8-10 pm 1 
1 ucso Student wIlD only. I 
• 1 
1-_ -expiles 2 AprIl. 1980 - __ I 

415-1511 
10999 Sorrento VaUey Road • San Die~o. California ' 

-. 

,,~----"""-AYTENTION:----· ..... 
You can be a legally ordained minister without 
giving up your membership in any other church. 
As a U.L.C. minister you have the authority to 
officiate at marriages, baptisms, funerals and 

. give the last rights. ~in.ce its beginning, ministers 
~ the U.L.C. have been draft exempt. You can 
be ordained by mail in ten days. For 

information, write: 

Universal Life Church 
P.o. Box 429 

"'-.--Vista, Calif 92083 ----"" 

, 

Attention 
- . All Muir Students 

Elections ,are Coming! 
_ ..... ent 

o t Gover1"" 
. Mui.r Stu en . 

Get invoh,ed In ne)(t 'lead 

- Paid, elected and appointed positions are av.ailable! 

OPEN POSmONS NOW AVAILABLE: 
01. Muir needs an A.S. representative for Spring 

Quarter! Don't miss this opportunity- act quickly I 
02. The Recreational Center Board needs a member 

from Muir immediately! 

All those interested should pick up an 
application in M.O.M. For further info, call 

Carol at 452-0453. 

RUliell haa made his 
avocation in order to be ~e to 
his rather dubiOUI concept of 
the world, Joe '. Garage Act. 
One and Two is a .hamble. 
structually and thematicaUy, 
an outrageous premise that'. 
re8lI~Qre than an excuae 
for to dump another 
load 0 bad joke., involuted 
puns, m.en.itive sexism, and 
the gratinsly auholic musical 
parodies that he apparently 
has no trouble producing. 
There are some momenta that 
do brighten up this otherwise 
pF«Iictabie exercise, featured 
in some pleasantly flowing 
instrumental. and the 
occaaional addition of Zappa's 
unique guitar work. These are 
not enough, though. The 
music here is so astonishingly 
uninterEpting that one is led to 

believe that Zappa hat used up 
whatever ,ood graces he 
possessed in the first place. 

StrangeJy, though, I find 
myseJf reluctant to write him 
oH entirely. OccuionaJly, and 
I dress occasionallll. he doe. 
bypass hi. need to roR around 
in the dung·heap and release 
records that tho .. that he's 
~tiD an artist to contend with. 
He did thi. two ),earll ago with 
Zappa In New York, a release 
which although containing the 
expected dOles of the 
forgeHabJe, md contain a gOOd 
amount of in.trumental work 
that ingeniously melded 
Euopean modernisma, Miles 

Davis-~ke poIytonalities, and 
thick harmonic complexities 
as provocatively as an)' 
academic avant-garelist. This 
i. the kind of music I wish he'd 

conceiiltate dn: I am sick of 
writing" yeitly..{eview of a 
Zappa record thaf deI.tes 
what I like and dialike ~ 
him, and then endirur the pjece 
with the fervent wisIi that !ae'd 
caught a little of my drift and 
would then get on the stick. I 
am tired of pulling my old 
Zappa records from my files to 
hear the genius his earl, fans 
claimed him to be. am, 
basically, tired of waiting for 
Zappa to live up to 
expectation. Releases along 
the lines of Joe's Garage Acts 
One and Two make it harder 
each time out to dismi .. the 
gut feeling that Zappa is like 
too many formerly great rock 
artists drowning in the sea of 
rock and roll shit. Zappa is 
closer than ever to going down 
for the third time. 

Friday, March 14, 1980 

s.ndra Franklin, Kevin Bash (.tanding) and Peter Lighbtone 
in UCSD'. production of The Rival_, which play. tonight and 
Saturday .t 8 pm. 

I'#\I'I'III .. 1ft aprtl 12 

Inlmum energy 

Great food 
Great times 
Full bar service 

randomness 

Corning soon! 

. 

'11l. Daily Guardian 11 

~Rivals~ Characters Still 
Funny After 200 Yea~s 

BY BETH ACCOMANDO 
Senior Staff Writ... 

Richard Sheridan's The Rival! is a dusic 
comedy of manners that firat appeared in 1775. 
Yet Sheridan's gentle mockery of aHectation and 
pretentiouaneas reta,ins much of its aatiric edge 
today. The current UCSD production of The 
Rival. is delightfully high-.pirited and superbly 
f~. 

The Rivals, which probably gained inspiration 
from Oliver Goldsmith'. She Stoops to Conquer , 
builda its success on the characters who remain 
vivid lon, after the plot hal faded from memory. 
Sheridan. creation of Mrs. Malaprop (her 
miause of words gave the word "malapropill1l" to 
the language) is a comic muterpiece. Her bold 
excurliona into language result in hilariOUI 
mistakes. Often imitated but never equalled, 
Mrs. Malaprop i. a character to be cheriahed. 

Most of Sheridan's characters border on the 
ridiculous but he treats them with an amused 
affection that prevents them from becoming 
unappealing or unsympathetic caricatures. 

The comic complexities of the ploy involve 
double identities, numeroUi romantic couplings 
and finally a confrontation among the assorted 
rival. and ladies. Director Walter Schoen hu 
appropriately chosen to move the play at the fast 
pace of a farce. He walk. the fine tine between 
farce and outright slapstick, and gracefully keeps 
a perfect balance. 

1be comedy il well·timed and the actors are 
given hilarious bita of comic business to fill out 
the scenes. Occasionally, though, (as with the 
character of Bob Acres) the comic businelll is 

overdone and detracts from the dialogue. 
The Rivals revolves around its characters and 

the UCSD production ·i. bleued with a cut who 
make the characters corne to ~e. If Mn. 
Malaprop it not done well, the whole play ... 
to faD apart: thus, the role bean quite a 
respon.ibility. Jeanne Paulaen meets the 
demands expertly. Although she is not ph~ 
ideal for the part, lhe capture. Mr.. Malapop s 
affected, pompous .tyle perfecdy. 

Other standouts in this fine cut are Richard S. 
Iglewshi'. booming performance of theaaC" 
.peakinr Sir Anthony Al»oIute; Kip " 
duhin, portrait of Jack Absolute, the play's 
leut affected character; Sandra Franklin 81 
Lydia Languish, a young woman brimming with 
sentimental nonsense from romantic novm; 
Lawrence Paulsen in a funny portrait of a man 
with a Ilight martyr complex; and Mark 
Browning as the hilariOUI country bumpkin 
Arces, a character .upposediy baaed on one of 
Sheridan'. rivals in real life. One of the moat 
important requirements of comedy is that the 
acton should appear to be enjoying thernaelves, 
and these acton certainly seem to be. 

Sheridan, like Oscar Walde, liked to poke n., 
at the foUie. of society and of people. Hit sharp 
but affectionate satire is at its best and mc»t 
buoyantly siDy in The Rivals. The UCSD 
production of The Rivals, which i. the thesis 
project of Schoen and some of the actors, it an 
extraordinary production. 

Can student government make a difference? 
Why not get Involved? 

ANNOUNCING 
The 1980 

A.S. Elections~ 
April 

Balloting will be 
conducted Ih the fourth 
week of Spring Quarter, 

on April 23 & 24. 

Referendo and 
Initiatives are due 
by Monday, April 7 

by 4:00 pm. 

The filing period for 
candidates is Monday, 
March 31 (first week) 

through Monday. April 7 
by 4:30 (second week). 

~For More Information, check_. 
with the A.S. OffIces, )(4450. 



_
12 ______________________________________ ~-DaUvG---u-- ~ ~&U.~~'~~~~::::=_------~--~~------~r~~da~-~y~,=~==~~I~~l= .. ::D 

!he UC San Diego Chamber Music Series 
1979-80 presents: 

from Stuttgart, Germany 

The Melos 
Quartet 
March 15, Sat .. 8 pm 

Mdndeville.Auditorium 

Haydn: .. 
Berg: .... 
Schubert: 

. . . . . . .. Quartet in D, opus 76 
. . . . . . . . .. Quartet opus 3 

Quartet in G, opus 161 

"near perfect ... flawless." 
TIME MAGAZINE 

UCSD Students $3.50 
General Admission $8.50 

I 

ON sAll NOW! UEO BOx OIIce 

13 The Daily Guardian ' Friday, March 14,1880 

For BukolVski, Both Sides Are Frivolous 
~oet's Punchlines on Metaphors 
Come from Mundane and Ideal 

BY WIi.uAM HAMILTON 
Charles bukowski Reads Hi. Hence , the mood generated 

. Poetry - (Tacoma) gravitates toward levity, 
There is a forgivable indeed frivolity. Bukowski's 

tendency amongst poets to material on this record is 
appeal to the sense of humor of mainly derived from Burning 
their audience during in Water, Drowning in flame, 
readings , due to the loss of poems written from '72.'73, 
much serious content during with a smattering of newer 
verbalization of their work, material added. 
especially in longer pieces. In that Bukowski is a self· 

Charles Bukowski's poetry admitted low·life, unemploy· 
reads much like his sketches, able (he daims, although he 
with little difference being did manage however to work 
discernable between the two in a post office for fourteen 
other than perha ps length . His years), and a former skid ·row 
brev ity of sentence and derdict for a number of years, 
minima list description are his work deals with the type of 
most effective on the recent deviant slice of life that 
record release, "Charle s c ha r a c t eri z es William 
Bukowski Reads His Poetry." Burroughs' writing. U~ike 

Frequent ripartees ex · Burroughs , however, a 
changed between Bukowski surrealist style is shunned in 
and his audience, mostly fa vo r of ju x t ap os i ng 
obscene, tend to make the contrasting images of the 
listener expect an impiomplu mundane and the ideal to 
stand.up comedy routine create mataphors which 
rather than a poetry r~. usually culminate in a 

I CAUfIO .... POLICY .IINU • 
I 

Funds ale available to tocul1y and researchel's on all 
University c::A California Campuses and associated 
federal labs who are Investigating public policy issues on 
subjects cr vital Interest to Collfornians. In the past. 
projects have dealt with energy constraints, tax 
structures, housing, care for the elderly, Collfornia 
immigration. toxic chemicals and agricultural policies. 
Each lesearch project Is funded at $50,000 CNer a 2 year 
period. 

Application 'orms may be obtained 'rom the 
CALIfORNIA POLICY SEMINAR. 109 Mo-. Hall. University 
of callfornla.~. CA 94720: or by calling (415) 
642-5514. 
I 

1E1_ 

Brautigan· type 'punchline' by 
the end of the piece. 

In "Death", Bukowski 
isolates the moment by 
intertwining images of ants 
being fed to a spider, faulty 
plumbing creating a vile mess 
in his bathroom and 
Bukowski's attempt to deal 

with these dichotomies while 
conversing with a friend on the 
tdephone. For Bukowski, life 
is full of such equally.repulsive 
aspects, though they be from 
opposite ends of the spectrum 
of life (mundane vs. 
metaphysical) . Finally, 
flustered by the Iandlord'i 

r-------------I 

ASSORTED 
. VINYL 
I . 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

UCSO's New Record 
Be Tape Co-op 

feeble attempts to unclog the 
plumbing and the frequent 
punctuation of his telephone 
conversation by Death's play· 
by.play description of an ant 
being trapped and killed by a 
spider ("Bukowski! The spider 
is moving in ... now he's got 
him! Death!), Bukowski says 
into the phone, 

"Linda," I said. "Shit and 
Death is everywhere!" 

"I'U call you back." she 
said. 

A recurring theme in 
Bukowski' s poetry i. the 
reconciliation of sensory 
pleasure with pure love, which 
for him, is a synthesis of both 
in the ideal male·female love 
relationship. One· night tands 
and hard·luck stories are 
elements of his storytelling 
which are necessarily derived 
from his experience 'on the 
other side '. Bukowski depicts a 
scenario between two lovers 
during which one attempla to 
assuage the other into having 
oral·anal sex, then moralizes 
at the end of the piece that: 

"She wanted me to write her 
Plecue tum 10 IXlge 14 

I is holding a 
I I 

: . RECORD BUY BACK : 
I I 
1 ' 1 
: __ Come in at these times to sell your records: _ 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

March 13, Thursday 
5 to 7 pm 

March 20, Thursday .: 
12 to 3 pm, 6 to 8 P , 

: &\larch 14, friday March 21, friday 
I 4 to 6 pm 12 to 3 pm, 6 to 8 pm I 
I I 
I March 19, Wednesday I 
: 4 to 6 pm : 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
: Assorted Vinyl is holding this record buy- : 
I back d uring the' tenth week of classes and I 
I tinals week to build up our collection. We I 
: will pay $1 to $2 for used Ip's in good : 
I condition. I 
I I 
: For more info, call x2733. : 

~-------------------------------~ 



J4 Tbe,DallyGuardian Friday, March 14, 1980 
----------~------------------------------~--~------------------------------------~----------

Prop. 9 Cuts O~t 
Poor, Not Govt. Fat 

. Cont,,..,., from fHJIe 2 
thatmoney anymore. 

beat stated by Ed Salzman', 
writing California Joumal: 

. Warni~g Given on Estrogen 
CreaDl With EndorseDlent 

Another reaaon the figures 
are important is that we can 
bept to see who i. goi", to 
shoulder this tremendoua drop 
in ,overn,nent revenues. Once 
.,.n, it will be thoae least able 
to protect themaelves and Ieut 
able to afford it. 

Finally. proponents of 
Propolition 13 and Proposi-
tion 9 say they .. e getting the 
"fat" out!,Ef ovemment.]be 
facta and ' point to 
another ion which is 

"After the squeeze of 
Proposition 13 does anyone 
believe that there i. $ 5 billion 
in fat left? Perhaps so. But 
what is fat to one person i. 
heart and soul to another." 

We should not ait by while 
some prepare to gorge 
themaefves on our hearta and 
soul •• Come to the Associated 
Studenta or EDNA and 
register' to vote, 1ben Iet's get 
out Jme 3 and vote no on 
Propo.ition 9. 

Continued from paRe 6 
previous reportS and this 
study, physicians should now 
recognize that vali(inal 
estrogen cream treatment i, 
systemic as weil as local in ita 
effecta," the report said. 

As a result, "possible 
hazards from high circulating 
estrogen levels ~uId .be 
considered by phy.ician. 
when prescribing estrogens for 
atrophic v:r'niti. (shrinking of 
the linin« 0 the vagina). 

Visiting Prof Brings 
Film From . Iran 

But lOr women who can 
aafeJy take estrogen cream, 
the bene6ta are numerous, 
The cream contains the 

Continued from"., I 
·Iheir education at An.iCan uaiwI..... and mar have 
bonowed aome 0 their 
...... e ... from the Vietnam C. cia,.. ecconilll to 

While he did not see any 
01 Ihe ...,...., Ramo. says 
the ....... are ........... 
peOple. not terroIiIb." and are 
....,a.IJI, treating the hottagea 
""'I' canY-imagine them 

pIucIciq out an)'. fingernails 
like the Shah cicI," Ramos 
sa)'l. 

In fact, both the studenta 
and other 1r8niana Ramos met 
in Tehran were friendly. "I 
taIIred to just about every 
atnta in the culture, and they 
all said the like Americana. 
I • Y t. the government they 
hale," he .. ~. . 

Rami» wi( return to New 
York in about two weeks . . 

GO CRAB LICE! 

StI!rting a sales career at Xerox 
is an education unto itself: 

GncIaate iDto a Xerox ... CIRICr. We're your 
iDformatioo CCllter of the future. 
Cbeck with JOUr coIIep plDIDIDt ofBce (or 
campus i ..... datellIIIIlCWuIes. 'I'IIIil talk 
to our c:-J"II ~tItiws Ibout (Mffft "", CM.," .... 

natural hormone estradiol, 
and i. safer than the eiltrogen 
pill, which cont~ins a 
chemically produced second-
ary hormone, estrone, the 
product of eatradiol 
breakdown in the digestive 
system, 

"Estradiol i. closer to 
nature, more physiological, 
and .imply better for a woman 
than estrone," according to the 
report. 

Many women prefer a pill 
form of the medication to a 
cream, and the UCSD team of 
researcher. is now working on 
the possibility of inaerti.ail an 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS! 

270-1553 
- INP,B,! 

Science Fiction & Fantasy • Underground Comix • Magtnines 
New & Rare Comic Books • Fam.ines 0 Calendars • Postns 

Fine Art Portfolios • and Much, Much Morl! 
Your VJUd Student 1.0. is your ticket to snings on everythina! 
Stop in today ~nd start saving right away. 10% automatic discount 
with 1.0, And, bring this ad for a one-time extra discount of 5%. 
World of Comics is located at the corneT of Turquoise Street and 
Bayard Street in PACIFIC BEACH. C'm on in today! Uc-/ 

S TAR T STU [) A'r 
f.lllllll.u.n _llllm __ ••• 
8M OlIgo 211-4404 s. .... 452-7111 

Friday, March 14, 1980 The Daily Guardian 15 
~~~------~~~---=~------~------~------------------- -------------------.----~--------------C I · f· d 1973 Ford Pinl0. Low milage. very good Roommale wan led. male work'ng grad TypIS1S. IBM axper I lheses/dlsser llerm - ass I Ie s condll ion Am·Fm radIO $1 .300 563·3012 sludenl wanls malel pluloni~ female 10 papers/edillng. RUSH )OOSI453·0656, 452-• Debbie, 483·0465, after 6 pm. (3/1 4) share beach house Small room in house on 1488, 286·4936, 225·1449. (6 / 15) 

Bean Bags new 51rong comlortable linen or MiSSion Beach. $190 plus ulililies. Call ChriS 
announcements 
Interviewing now lor 4 wild & crazy ladies for 
a lrip to Cabo San Lucas on power boa1. 
Leaves San Diego approx. April 1, minimum 
2 weeks. Interested penies respond 10 PO 
Box 101 " Del Mar, Calif 92014. (3/19) 
Join MOM'sl Appty for College Gemer 
Assistant, Applications accep1ed lhrough 
March 21. Gel relerrals from Sludem 
Employment and applications from Mllir 
Dean's OffICe al 2125 HSS. (3 / 14) 
Applications are be~ accepled for Muir 
College Cenler Asslstan1s lhrough March 
21 . Get referrals from Student Employment 
and applications from Muir Dean 's Offlce 
(2125 HSS). (3/14) 
RACOUETBALL at Black MIn. Thurs. nites 
cllb menilers play 2 hrs. for 1 buck. Leave 
Urey HeR Mailbox 8:30. (3 / 12,13) 
Deadline for ScURI funding Is AprIl 11 . Call 
now tor info 452-3917. (3/14) 
EOUINOX PARTY! WiN be hosled by the 
Gay 9udenls Assoc on Friday, March 21 al 
6 pm. Ceiebrale lhe end 01 llrels with us. 
Call EDNA for details. All men and women 
welcome. 
2 HaircLIs for lhe price 01 1. Bring a friend 
and spill tile cos1. The Upper cul - precision 
halIculting for men and ~n. All olher 
services 20% discoun1. Call Pal 455·0391 . 
(4/4) 
UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH PARTICI· 
PA TlON PROJECTS SUMMER 1980. Under 
I1Ints recently awarded by the National 
Sdehce Foundation (NSF) 1 003 top college 
students throughoul the counlry will 
conduct guided research or Independenl 
stu:ly lhis summer by working directly with 
science facul1y and Induslrial sclenlisls on 
a one·lo-one basis. Masl projecls select 
sludenls from oulside lhe hOSl inslilulion in 
addhion 10 1heir own undergradualeS. II you 
are inleresled in learning more Itboul 1he 
programs, a iSllng of projeclS may be 
reviewed In your Provosl OIflce, or in 1he 
Office 01 Graduale Stud ies and ffesearch, 
8·12 daily, 103 Adminislratlve Complex, 
2nd Floor. 

-

LOVE STINKS. If you lh ink so, wrile in 100 
words or less yOU! slory. You could be one 
of 3 conlesl winners for a pair of lickels and 
bacl<slage passes to lhe March 19th .• J. 
Geils concert. Judging based on creativi1y 
and origlnalily. Send enlries 10: KSDT UCSO 
B·015 La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Research Projecl thaI needs money? 
Workshops are 3/11 , 4 I 1 and 4 / 3 . Call 
$CURl. 452·3917. (3/14) 

personals 
Miller High Ufe Frisbee Feslival. Next Otr. 
April 12. Free refreshmenl. and IOCs of fun. 
Applications 81 Campus Rae. Oflice. (3/14) 
To lhe kind gentleman who answered the 
phone by HL on Tuesday nighl - Thank 
you. Valerie. 

To lhe lusting female raled 10, out of 100: 
It's been real. love, 1he olficlal G.V. clothes 
counter. 

Come to our poUuck on Friday, March 21 al 
6 pm. Celebrale the start of spring. UCSO 
Gay Sludenls (call EDNA fO( delail.). 
To all lhe wonderful, zany swordfish who 
made our 1tip 10 Cal~ornia one big M .O. 
We're really going 10 miss you - even you 
Janey. Mr. Big and a/l the C-SO's - _you're 
lhe greates1. To 1ha silly lreshmen gilla on 
the 7th floor. why dldn 'l you lake our pea.s 
serioully? They'll never believe our Slone. 
at Dartmouth. Wrlh fond memories, Mark . 
and Gary. 
JHKT: Hey man, hope lhose Iinalsaren'llike 
100 much 01 a drag. We're, you know, (eally 
into YOLK exam success, 'cuz, Uke You',. 
Inl0 that whole grade trip. Be cool. Big M , Big 
D, unle S. 

for sale 
Open reel tape deck-Akai GX' 23O D "Besl 
Buy" rat ing, 1 yr old , ex. condo Must sell to 
help pay fees, any reasonable offer 
considered. Ph: 452-9665. (3/14) 
For sale: 5.0 cu ft rei rig, imrnac condi1. musl 
sell. $1 25 or besl. Call 452·8934. 14/ 4) 

purchase tickets In 
Rae Gym Office 
8:00-4:30 TODA VI 

Do you believe In 
students helping students? 

If so, apply NOW through March 21 
for MOM's College Center Assistants. 

Obtain referrals from Student Employment 
and applications from 'the Muir Dean's 

Office (HSS 2125), 

! Help students help themielva'll 

1980 
UC San Diego 

Summer Sasslo,-, 
catalogs 

Are Available 

UC San Diego Summer Session Cotalogs are 
now available at the Summer Session OTtlce, 
106 Administrative Complex (Chancellor's 
Complex), For further Info, or to receive a tree 

copy of the catalog, call (714) 452-4364. 

vinyl. king size. 455.6448. (3 / 14) 4B8-5751. (3/14) 
'65 VW Bug, XLNT Condil ion, 7500 mi. on 
rebUIlt engine: runs, anO lOOks. good. 51200. 
453-3~9. (3/1 4) 
For sale: UC Playmor condo, 2 br 12 ba, 
assumable owner will consider second. 
$106,000. 452·8337, close 10universilY and 
Scripps Hospital. (4/4) 
Ladies Nordica "Breeze" ski boots. Size 7. 
Uke newcond~ion Two·toned blue in color. 
5ao or basI oHer. 273·1333 
19797 Yamaha Chappy mOlor bike Slreel 
legal ; minI cond; 120 MPG $425 Jim 488· 
8233 evenings. (3/31) 

housing 
6eeen Fronl CoIido Solana Beach: pool, 
jacuzzi, tennis, put beach. Room 10 share 

~175. Furnished 755·5931. (3/14) 
F. roommate to share N .P.B. apt .. own room 
and bath, on bus roule, near markel, 
$1 35 /mo. Avail. 3·25. Call 272-7 486 (e\l8s.) 
(3/1 4) 
House for rent. $450. $200 Sec, P.B .. 3 bdr, 2 
be, 7 min to UCSD RiMar Really Inc., 272-
0333 (3/19) 
Female. nonsmoker roornmale wanted. 
Own room, 3 bd. condo, wi di,tlwasher, 
washer & cryer, pool , & jacuzzi. $155/rrio. + 
1 13 ulililies. Oose 10 school, UTC, & free 
bus. 0811453·9116 or 453·8864. (3/14) 
Wanted: 2 femeies or couple 10 share 2 
bdrm condo 5125 /mo ea., no deposl1. pool, 
near UTC , washer I dryer. Ca~ 455-5607 
_So (3/14) 
M· F to take own room' in 4 bdrm Mira Mesa 
home. Yard, 1015 of space. Comfortable, 
casual environmenl, non·smOkers. Cell 
Carol. Paul Ann al 566-5320. SI 20 month 
plus share 01 u1ililies. Ava ilable anyt ime. 
Female roommale wamed. Own room In 
cO(ldo. $140.00 available imm~ialely . 453· 
4501 . Call us! 
Roommale wan1ed lor a 3 bedroom house 
on Black MIn Rd., Del Mar $150 per mo .. 
own room. Call Debbie al 455-1724 

Female roommale wanled to share one 
bedroom apartmenl wilh foreign sluden1. 
Furnished, SWImming pool, 1 block from 
ocean In Pacific Beach. $125 /month. Call 
273·6103 belween 8 and 9 pm. (3 / 14) 
Wa.nted: Female rmmt for Spring qlr. condo 
close 10 UCSO. wi pool, lennis, jacuzzi . 
5237.50. Or. would like to move into similar 
situalion. Kalhy, 453·0516 (3/ 14) 

Male 0( Female wanled 10 share 3 bedroom 
lownhome 1 mile from campus. F ..... 
furnished , pool, jacuui, fireplace. 1 block 
from La Jolla Village $quare $175 / mo. 
Available 4/ 15/ 80. Call 452·8934. (417) 

wanted 
Need money? We need dis1ributors. For info 
call 566·8709. Ask for Don or Ben. CaM now! 
(3/ 14) 

services 
JENNYs HOME TYPING- Term pepers, 
lheses, diss. Days and eves, 225-14.411 
(6/7) 
Experienced edilor will edit papers, !heMs, 
manuscripts. Call 279-0992,. or 453-1259. 
Ask for Lynn. (3/14) 

Typing.lerm papers: re'porls , th.ses, 
scjenlific, ele. $1 .00 and up per page. 453-
0803. (3/ 18) • 
TYPING' Ouality work. CaIl "6A" 235-6244. 
(411) 

DISCOUNT MECHANIC: Tune·up , 
electrical. light mechanlcal·mobile service, 
work guaranteed. 453· 2456. (3/21) 
TYPING / EDlfING: 10 yrs specialized expo 
lhesas, dlss., mss. IBM Seieclric . Prof. 
excellence·com pellt ive prices. Pa c 
Bch/Bernlce 274·1078 day/eve. (3114) 

IF YOU NEED any type of sewing done. give 
me a call. Prices are negotiable. Evenings 
only ask for Michelle 436-6088 (3/14) 
Mobile aulo repaIr offers you ~ranteed 
QuaUlY work, lasl service. and the ~II 
prices In SO. 233·1500 xB8. (3/19) 

lost· and found 
Found: CalCuialor In HL 1438 an Fn. 29 
Please c.1I 453·5091 . (3/14) 
Found: Ice Cream lonight .. 9:00,... to.,. 
Dell. (3/13) 
Found: CelCuialor in A-patk~ II*» by 
Third. Cell 452·7761 10 idenIlIy. (3/1 4) 

Lost. Black wool blazM. wIIo kncMe ...,... 
Inililll "A" on llpel. 15.00 ~ /poor 
Sludent). PleaI8 call Alice at 452 ...... 
(3/14) 
Lost: black goId-1rimmad digIIl 8eiIIo, 
walCh ne.r 3rd caIIege lamia COWIa. OINI 
sentimental' ... h.. RIwMI. 'NeIdy. 453-
8296. (3/1 4) 

Gold chain 10iIld 3/9 al RewtIe. C8I 462-
()'c33 .... for Matte S. (3/14) 
Found 1 Il0l. of Norton Anthology In use. 
Call 45~. (3/141 

LOST: NOIe8 to .. my c--.mllY·" In In 
orange, 3-eectioned noIebook. I IallIIIem 
Tues. night 3/11 In fie ¥iciniIy of cen. .. 
library. If lound PLEASE tum them In 10 lie 
Central Libfllry front deSk. Mv •• II in your 
handsl 
Lost: Brown Tri-Iotd _11111. loll on ..., 
R_1Ie or Muir 3/10. 453-8049 ...... 
Found: Gold chlin on Ae\08le 3/9. call 
Marl< S. 452·()'c33. 

travel 
CIEE Sudent Trawlloca1ed on 1he IIICOI1I! 
11001' of the SludentcenleropenMWF9-1 Tu 
Th 12-3. (3/14) 



. Everyone's Invited To A 

. . 

PIAclf~~~o-:: at the 
,'('Nit Pub 

Monday, March 17 
~ 12 noon to midnight 

Green beer at 25¢ a glass 
Irish music all day lor~g!! 

Free hors d'oeuvres 
. . ~ 

Commemorative t ... shirts 
($4.00 per shirt) 

Gifts & Prizes handed out 
by h~ppy leprechauns!! 

So, take a study break and wear 
your green, for IRISH EY,ES'LL aE 
. SMILING all day at ·the Pub. ,. 

*there i~ a limited supply of the_se t ... shirts. Pub 
Programming is selling these at cost! Y ou will Jt 
treasure a 1980 St. Patrick's Day Shirt for years /\. 

to come!! 


