
he ' Dall~ GuardIan 
Volume 40, Number 36 University of California, San Diego Monday, May 19, 1980 

BRIBE 
TH£ 

CERTIFICATE OF APPOINTMENT 

NAME 
ll-" 56" U.;~ 

TITLE 

$o.u 
BRIBE 

REMY CHARLTON 
ASUCSD PRESIDENT 

Alternatives to Tuition 
Top UC Students Agenda 

A small turnout of 
students from all the UC 
schools gathered at UCSD 
this weekend for the annual 
Student Issues Conference to 
discuss Proposition 9, 
student participation in 
university governance, 
military registration and the 
draft and other issues of 
student interest. 

A high point of the two-
day series of workshops 
sponsored by the UC,Student 
Lobby was the forum on 
alternatives to tuition. Jeff 
Koon, director of academic 
affairs at Berkeley, proposed 
reducing employee working 
time by 20 percent and 
cloUDS the university on 
Fridays. 

.. Another thing which 
ought to be done whether 
Prop. 9 passes or not, is to 
encour. early retirement," 

Koon scUd. "There should be 
a more rigorous review of 
teaching, especially through 
student evaluations." 

Shelley Klein, a represent-
ative to the Student Body 
Presidents Council, said that 
the short term plan is to 
forestall tuition for one year 
"by scraping together 
resources and cutting out as 
many things as possible, to 
give us more time to study 
budget cuts and do some 
serious planning.", 

The complaint that 
through the implementation 
of tuition, Saxon is protecting 
faculty and teaching 
programs ~ the expense of 
the students, surfaced in the 
workshop on student 
participation in university 
governance. But no 
conclusions were reached as 

Please tum to page 12 

No On 9 Rally Today , 
A rally against P~ition 9, featuring the state co-

chairman of the anti-9 campaign and UC administrator David 
Ernst, will be held from noon to 1 pm on Revdle Plaza today. 

Also scheduled to speak are Evonne Schulze, chairwoman 
oJ the San Diego chapter of Vincent's Citizens for California, 
Felipe Zatarain, a Student Affirmative Action Committee 
representative, Linda Sabo, vice-chairwoman of the UC I 
Student Body President's Council and Vernon Sukumu, 
executive director of the Black Federation, ----.J 

Charlton's 
Take:' $30 

Jeremy Charlton (above) 
hands out one of the 114 
appoinbnents he made Friday 
in Revelle Plaza. He sold 
fanciful posta for "bribel", 
railing about $30 for the Silly 
Students organization. 
Olarlton alao urged students to 
wear nametags while on 
campus. Between 300·400 
students wore the 'Hello, my 
name is .. .' nametags he puled 
out on Revelle Plaza. 

It was Charlton', first 
publically silly activity lince 
&llUI11i~ the presidency last 
week. Charlton and four Very 
Silly Students were elected in 
AS elections earlier thil month. 
Together, the silly commis· 
sioners control virtually the 
entire AS .budget. 

Two Vice Chancellors 
Named for Next Year 
Miles, Johnson Fill Saltman, 
Sisco Posts While Search Goes On 

BY JEFF BERESFORD. HOWE 
Newt Editor 

Chancellor-designate Rich- 1964. 
ard Atkinson will announce John son, a longtime 
two appointments today to campus administrator, served 
temporarily fill two vice in both vice chal.lCelJor post 
chancellor positions, a campus once before, while Sisco was in 
administrator said vesterday. UC systemwide administra-

AMES -professor John tion. 
Miles will become acting vice By the time the two 
chancellor of academic affairs. positions are filled, UCSD will 

Vice Chancellor of Business have had a complete turnover 
and Finance Herm Johnson in the three top administrative 
will become acting vice positions in the last half year. 
chancellor of administration. An Atkinson aide wiU come 

Both appointments willtake to campus from the National 
eHect July 1, the day Atkinson Science Foundation starting 
is scheduled to assume the June 2, and remain here for at 

chanc~llorship. least two years, AtkinsOn has 
Miles replaces Paul indicated. 

Saltman, who is rejoining the Atkinson said in his one visit 
biology department faculty, to campus earlier this year that 
and Johnson will replace the aide will be the only man he 
Bernard Sisco, who is retiring brings with ' him from the 
from the campus. National Science Foundation. 

Atkinson has indicated to AtkinsOn himself might not 
campus administrators that he come to campus again until 
will convene a search July 1. 
committee during the summer However, one campus 
to fill the two positions administrator said, if 
permanently. He expects the Proposition 9 is approved by 
search committees to come to voters on the June ballot, he 
a decision sometime during the might come to campus for a 
fall. few days to help define the 

Miles is currently on leave university's reaction to the 
at Ch urc h ill College, initiative. 

,Cambridge. He is a former "'---Tl-.-.--,,-.-W- .- III-... --""" 
member of Budget and 
Educational Policy Commit- Patchy douds with same 
tees and served as chairman of dearin,. Temperatur 
the Academic Senate. He has from 60 to 70 de8JeeS, 60 

degree w'" with two to been a professor here since three feet waves 

ArDlitage Hears Worries Over 
Reg Fee's Legal Services Plan 

BY PETER MORTENSEN 
Representatives of MEChA, UCSD's his final decision about the changes, but 

Mexican- American student or.8anization, met indicated it would take much deliberation before 
with Vice-Chancellor of Student Affairs Richard he could issue a statement. 
Armitage Friday to express their concern with a " I share some of their (MEChA's) ,concerns 
Registration Fee committee proposal they feel about elimination of legal services as they now 
mig~t reduce the current level of campus legal exist," he said. "The group hoped that legal 
servIces. services would not be reduced and felt that the 

Armitage said Sunday that MEChA was not alternate proposal was not adequate." 
the only group disturbed by the "dramatic Armitage also said that the group told him: 
change". He said other student organizations, "Current legal services have been beneficial to 
staff and faculty have also spoken to him, tliose without family lawyers, and especially to 
expressing views similar to those MEChA aired those in ethnic groups who are most often 
last week. discriminated against by landlords and 

Armitage must approve or reject the Reg Fee salesmen." 
proposal, which would entail the hiring of five " In the past two years, no drastic proposal 
University of San Diego law students and an has been raised (by Reg Fee) this close to the 
attorney advisor for three-hour blocks per week budget deadline," he continued. "Something this 
to repla~e the existing full-time, single lawyer drastic usually entails a more in-depth intern's 
program here. report.'" 

According to Arturo Herrera, M~ChA 
representative to the Student Affirmative Action 
Committee (SAAC), "UCSD is basically a 
commuter school," making it difficult for off-
campus students to make use of the night-time 
hours during which some of the new legal 
services might be offered. 

"I hope that Dr. Armitage will choose to keep 
the legal services as they are now," he said, 
adding that MEChA fully supports the present 
$65,404 per year program, headed by attorney 
Nick Aguilar, one of the founders of MEChA at 
UCSD. 

Armitage said that the Reg Fee committee 
finalized its proposal last weekend, and that a 
report from committee chairwoman Liz Ril y 
would reach hi desk today or tomorrow. 

H decJined to e timate wh n h might mak 

A~tage cited the case of University Events 
Office funding, brought forward toward the end 
of the budget-making process last year. 1he 
case underwent an extensive study during fall 
and winter quarters this year, while OEO 
operated on a steady-state budget. New funding 
for the organization was approved only three 
weeks ago. 

"One would expect that for such an involved 
budget," Armitage said. 

Riley, co-author of the prdiminary Reg Fee 
committee report, told the Daily Guardian 
Friday that one of the reasons the co t-saving 
change was being considered wa to "free-up" 
money for organizations having greater tudent 
interest. 



:.. 

Ask The Shah: 
Marital problem.? Bod credit? Inability to correctl" 'nte,rote the-essence of your 

be'"I into the cosmo.? Send lor the Shah's free booklet, "Becomin, Totolly 
Bitchin, " which explains how you can dew lop confidence, cultioote poise, get lots 
of money without working lor it, make anyone do a nllth in, you want, liw to be real 
old without .how'n, your a,e, get real smart, 'ook se:xy de.pite be,in utlly, and 
.... from maki,., a toto' '001 01 yourself in front of your friend •. Write to the Shoh 
care of Doilll Guardian stoll writer William Hamilton. . 

He., ,an,! Due to the overwhelmi", re.pon.e generated by the Shah '. free 
booklet, we hove receiwd a new shipment! And the 'eHer. keep pouri,., in! Just 
li.ten to these comment. from several of the many, many sotislied reader.! 
"Sure changed my outlook on life." -C. Vance. 
"Some hea"l1 pointer. from a ri,ht-on mensch." -H. Killi,.,er. 
"Before I read the Shah's booklet, I had no luture. Now llinow what it is like to be 
'totolly bitch;n'." -G. Gilmore. 
"BII followin, the Shah '. (l'et and e,xerdse re,emin, Ilo.t thirtll pounds of u,llliot 
/rom my head." -G. Ford. ' 
"Before I read this booklet I couldn't ,et a dote to sow my life. Now, I have more 
women thon 'Imow whot to do with!'! -Pope John Paul II. 
",.till don't understand wha, he means on pa,e seven when he say. 'when in doubt, 
wlti" it out'." -Anita Brllant. 
"nank., Shah!" -Re". J. Jone •. 
"Hey, Shah, llou're 'clear' bll me!" -L.R. Hubbard. 

Dear Shah: What'. the maHer with 
this nation, anyway? Thi. protelt population growth. I think everybodr. during WWII. Now that was a real war. he him.elf did not think '0. I realize that should have the opportunity to fight, lUI, -Red Neck, ArmchaJ'r, Ala. ._.J.Lned 

and di . Ientl hether by taL:"- you are NKKIe now, but you will -t . .,ainlt the reinstatement of the draft is a 
national _grace. 1ne moral decay of 
our youth tlvough corrupt living and 
IIoIhIuI indolence is all·too evident. A 
yaung m.,1houJd be honored to *t've 
in a senteleu war, 'ghling for our multi· 
national ~ation.' vital interests. We 
need a good, oId-fuhioned conventional 
w. to stimulate the economy and check 

" 

e VIO y, W --'15 a n'-r R.N. If we had a lot more ,,-Jar calibr L •. 1Lt· the f b ueo over it. I know, because it · harcDy ' ge· e DUlle III ace or y Americanllike you, we'd have a lot lei. bothered me at all. 
extinguishing the e~plos~n of a Americanl like you. -.w. 
phosphorus grenade With one s torso. I ....... 
myself served proucly, and ~ these ~r Shah: What do ou think . f Dear Shah: I suffer from premature 
cowardly Panllel, fed an enduring sense deci . epI C y ·th Ed 0 my ejaculation, a condition which i. 
of acc~liIhment when I remn.ce M slOn to race yrus WI mund straining the relationship between myself 
about all . IUbhuman Jap scum I and D.

usC.kie? -2.B. (for J.C.), Wahington 
and my girlfriend and i. moreover a 

my lruIty M·I made thort work of Dear Z.B.: Carter'. appointment of gr-:,at embarrallment. What should I 
Muskie to the cabinet at lut makes good ~. -E.G.B. Jr., Sacramento. 
his campaign promise to bring into the Dear E.G.B. Jr.: I do not feel 
pdrnini.tration people with no prior elpecially up to commenting on ' this 
-- . ~:-'- '-' political experience. Muskie is condition, because I myself am an 

imminently qualified to deal with trivia impotent ruler, although in my day I was 
like international affairs while Carter much closer to a yardstick. You might 
gets on with the important work of try contacting a trained therapist or 
campaigning and ruining the nation's cheap hooker to alleviate this problem, 
economy. Perhaps Muskie can obtain commonly known as "tricky dick." 
the release of the hostages by sitting Think about other things during coitus, 
down with the Iranians and bawling. It such as campaigning for the Presidency, 
just millht work. and don't worry about it, since it is only a 

Dear Shah: My common. law wet dream anyway, because you can 
husband recently passed away and I am always pull out. Tell your girlfriend .he 
overcome with grief. Jean· Paul was very must lower her expectations, even as 
dear to me, and I don't know whether or you lower yours, the next time you get 
not I can go on. What should I do? - together for a preis conference. You 
"Mrs." J.P.S., Pari.. could always become an ascetic monk 

Dear Mrs. J.P.S.: You must go on, 'and go live in a monastary if worse 
despite your tragic loss. While a certain comes to worse. Unnatural methods of 
moumirig period is healthy, usually a protraction, such as wearing multiple 
couple of days is sufficient. I would condoms or a sock, are unnecessary. 
recommend that you enter into a Self'stimulation, or as the people of my 
meaningless relationship with a faceles. country call it, "shakin' the Shah", is 
stranger, culminating in a one.night sometimes an effective precoital 
.tand in order to take your mind off it. desensitization measure. Given your 
Wear a black negligee if it makes you political track record, it i. about the only 

'---_________________________ --.J feel less guilty. Mr. Sartre's work was thing left that you can beat. 
very meaningful to all of us, even though Please tum to page 1.2 

Why Did Prop 9 Fade In Polls? , ~ ~. 
Theories Abound, But No~ody Knows Much Until Election Returns Are In 

. . , 
BY MARY Fll.EN.LEARY yourself a pay increase." With profes.ional campaign revolt which dates back to 

P .. N_ SeW. But oddly enough, even in thelle manager., Jarvi. rallied more than PropoIition 13 victory? 
Two years ago Calif~ voter. recellionary times Californianl are 800,000 Californian. to get Some 811Iwer.tothesequestionlar 

ignited a tax revolt that reverberated beginning to show IignI that their Propolition 9 on the ballot, spencing already being offered, and they ma 
IICI'OII the United States aftd parts of . aIIauit on goverrwnent epending may an estimated $2.50 per petition have important implications for the U 
Europe, profoundly affecting the have reached ill limit. Preliminary lignalwe in the proces... And cuh poIjical .y.tem. 
politics and fiscal outlook of millions of polls over the pall few months hve conlributionl continue to roI into hit 1ne firat is that votJs can be tN.t 
taXRAyers. Next month, Californianl revealed a Ileady erolion of the campaign headqu.-ter.. with die initiative process. 
will again go to the poUs in what could measure'. popularity from an ~Iy But apparently --.omethin, has Popular lawmaking through t 
prove a major test of the .taying power high of two·to-one in favor to the latest changed in the voters' mood, and voter initiative may not be as sub;ect t 
of thal revolt. California Poll indication of a 48 analy.ts on both sides are eng.,ed in a irrational whim, sioganeering an 

Thi. is the third opportunity lince percent plurality opposed. At the fhirry of lpeCuiation over what became mort· term, personal advantage 
June, 1978, that voters here have been moment, only 43 percent support of the 70 percent majority that many have feared. Rather, voter., it i 
able to wield an ax against goverrunent Proposition 9. approved Propo.ition 13. Perhape bei~ said, are quite capable 

However, the campaign siege they are .tiD there, merely waitina for wei ina long· term cnn ...... uences Mary Ellen Leary is an associate bo and .... _.-... 
dito, for the Pacilic News Sewice. se8lon, th pro con, is just election day. Or perhape the clUTent ma ing wi.e choices. Man 

beginning, and Propo.ition 9 negative polls accurately reflect a Californians argue that ·two drama . 
ape ng. aVlng .r.t cut t r supporter. are expected to unleash a genuine .hift in voter sentiment. At thi. .wipes have already been taken to cu 
property taxes 55 percent with massive TV and radio blitz which stllj'e, lew experts are betting. government down to size, and tha 
Proposition 13, and then .Iammed a lid might make a mockery of the prelent Since 1978 Californian. have these need to be digested before a thir 
on government growth at all levels with pon indications. pocketed some $10 billion they i. added. 1nere i, concern about "no 
Propo.ition 4 last November, voters Ju.t like two years ago, that otherwise would have paid into .tate going too far." If .uch concern abou 
will have a chance thi. June to cut their blustery, cantankerous septuagenar· and local coffers, w~e another $3 the stability of governmental servic 
state income taxes in half. ian, Howard Jarvi' - the co-author of billion in state tax .aving. went to motivates voters even in ' "Oakey' 

If paNed, the current measure, Proposition 13 - is leading the battle Wa.hington in increa.ed federal Califomia, then government may no 
caNed Proposition 9 , will immediately agaimit bureaucratic profligacy. A. the income taxel. Why should they decide be as ' imperiled an in.titution as 'some 
halve the . tate's current $6.3 billion author of the current measure - a1.0 to tum the tide now when promi.ed an feared. 
annual income tax by cutting the known as Jarvis II , or Jaws II - he has additional $3 biUion to $4 billion in A second interpretation of the 
amount of money withheld from become almost as controversial in hi. annual income taxsavings? Moreover, possible tum· around on tax cull 
weekly paychecks. Proponents of the own right a. the cruude he if they do reject Proposition 9, will it sugge.t that real grail rooll politics is 
l~m~·e~as~u~re~.~a~r~e_u_r~~~·n~~~v_o_te_r_s _t_o_'_'V_o_t_p ___ s~~ __ Ar_~ead5 . ______ . ______________ ~s~i ~~a1~a~~.~.~ibl~e~h=al~t ~to~t~he~n~a=ti~on~a1~t=ax~~~o~w=in~=a~aJ=·~n~. ______________ __ 

Acquittal Spurs Riot 
In Florida Murder 

MIAMI - Shotgun. 
packing National Guardsmen 
patrolled Miami's streets 
yesterday after racial "time 
bomb" exploded in a wave of 
shootings, beatings, burnings 
and Jooting that left at least 
nine persons dead and 120 
injured. 

Shouting a one· word battle 
cry - "McDuffie" - crowds 
of enraged Blacks surged into 
Miami streets Saturday night 
and early yesterday after an 
a11·white jury in Tampa found 
four white former policemen 
innocent of the death of black 
businessman Arthur McDuf. 
fie. 

Police said one man was 
shot, his ear cut off and 
tongue severed. A red rose 
was stuffed into his throat. 

Meanwhile, in an apparent 
effort to defuse the situation, 
US Justice Department 
officials announced yesterday 
they would seek civil rights 
indictments against the four 
ex· policemen, who were 
acquitted less than four hours 

. 

~~fb ~lfll ~-[Oli l ~~L1 

before the violence broke out 
here. 

Dade County officials 
imposed a dusk· lo·dawn 
curfew in the riol.scarred 
northwest sectionn of town 
halted all bus service, arrested 
over 135 persons and sent 
police escorts ~ith fire trucks. 

Gov . Bob Graham 
mobilized 1, I 00 National 

. Guardsmen, . 300 Highway 
Patrol officers, Marine Patrol 
and riot troops from the Game 
and Fresh Water Fish 
Commission, four helicopters 
and an armored personnel 
carrier . 

Jim Baab, a police 
spokesman, said the riot 
victims had been beaten, 
~tabbed and shot. He said they 
mduded three white men one 
Oriental man and four black 
men. 

One young Black man was 
sh~t to death by county 
policemen after a .security 
guard was shot at, Baab said. 

-TAKE A 
PlECE OF 
SAN DIEGO 
HOME 

Posters of 
Son Diego 

available at] 
[ The Frame Sh~ppe ... etc. 

4079 Governor Do\'e, San Diego, CA 92122 
(714)-453-7920 

Tuesday thna Saturday, 9:30-5:00 

Music l)epaelt •• ent 
Announcement. 

Fa ..... ,.t •• 
"--~--------------~ 
MusIc 4: An introduction to Music/lhe Elements of 

Music (Fall) Farrell. 
Music 5: The Nature of Music Through Participation 

(Winter, SprIng) Harkins, Oliveros/Francois. 
Music 6: A Critical Approach to Musical Master. 

works (Fall. SprIng) Erickson, Plantamura.-
Music 7: Music, Science and Computers (Spring) 

Moore, 

Note: Music 4 may be used to complete the Music 
11 sequence, and Music 5 may be used to 
complete the Music 1 sequence. 

Stop by the Music Department or your Provost's 
Office to find out how these courses will fUlfill your 
general education requirements. 

-.l 

WANT TO MAKE MUSIC? Sign up for any section ot 
Music 95 (Ensemble Performance) NOW OFFERED 
FOR A GRADE, All quarters of participation counted 
towards graduation. 

China Can Now 
.Bomb Moscow 

PEKING - China 
extended its military reach 
yesterday, lest· firing an 
u.narmed intercontinental 
ballistic missile 6,250 miles 
into the South Pacific, and the 
official Xinhua news agency 
said the test "achieved 
complete success. " 

A missile with this range 
could carry a nudear warhead 
anywhere in the Soviet Union 
or the the West Coast of thE: 
United States. . 

Three days before the test 
Chinese Vice Premier Li 
Xiannian said in Wellington, 
New Zealand, that the test was 
ai~e~ to strengthening 
China s defense to cope with 
the threat of the hegemonist 
powers - terminology China 
applies to the Soviet Union. 
. The test cOJTIes at a time 
when China is urging 

pre~aredness to deal with any 
Soviet threat and urging al l 
"peace.lovin g" nations to 
unite against what it calls 
Soviet expansionism. 

Mt St Helens 
Takes Five Lives 

VANCOUVER, WA _ 
Mount St. ~elens blew its top 
yesterday With a: blast felt 200 
miles away, belching ash 
which blotted out the sun for 
more than 1 00 miles and 
killing at least five people. 
Mudflows and floods 
destroyed bridges and forced 
evacuation of about 2,000 
people. 

The eruption at 8:39 am 
PDT shot smoke and ash nine 
miles into the sky and a 
spectacular lightning storm in 
the , rising plume started 
numerous forest fires. There 
were no immediate reports of 
lava. 

by Garry Trudeau 

HE 
fJIBP. 
I 

S. Korea Still 
Pledges Refonn 

SEOUL, South Korea -
President Choi Kyu·hah .aid 
ye~terday the mi~tary'. almo.t 
complete takeover of South 
Korea would not alter the 
.t i meta ble his civilian 
government set for democratic 
reform. He said the 
constitution would be reviled 
later this year and elections 
held in 1981. 

Asbestos Case 
In High Court 

LOS ANGELFS - Jury 
deliberation will begin today in 
Superior Court on the fint of 
more than 1,000 lawsuill filed 
'against asbestos manufac. 
turers across the cOuntry by 
asbestos workers who daim 
they have suffered dibilitating 
diseases from long. term 
exposure to the material. 

Soft Contact Lenses $1 00* 
Beware of the qu.,ck eye examination and contact lens fir. It may be too qUiCk. The best eye e)(amination and 
contact lens ,fitting IS painstaking, methodical. thorough , and consists of numerous tests. A minimum 
number of 4 VISits, IS re.<lulred to achieve a proper fit. Our office is equipped with the most sophistlcaled ad. 
vanced and computenzed Instrumentation in the world in order to achieve the best eye examination 'and 
contact lens fitting pOSSible. 

All contact lens fitin~ inctude a written agreement that allows you to return your contacts ·and receive are . 
fund at your discretion with a specific period of time, 

If you 've been th inking about contacts. visit San Diego's most technOlogi~ally.advanCed optometric office 
today. Our large library of lenses allows us to send you home with your new contacts the same da th 
fitted in most cases. • y eyare 

Call today for an appointment. free consultation or information packet explaining soft fie)(ible hard toric 
(for correction of astigmatism) soft, and e)(tended wear (24·hour) contact lenses.' , , 

Dr. D. A. Aorlbeugh • ".IOCI ..... 
Optometrl.t. 

1939 Grand Avenue • Pacific Beach. CA • 272.2211 

MaSlerCharge and VISA accep.ed 
• 

• does nOi include prOleaionel sefVices 

EUROPE.FOR RENT! 
.---Eurail Youth Paas -----, 

$29012 months 
The Eurail Youch p_ Is eood (ex 16 
European countriel. Unlimited trawl on 
trains, fcrrya, .lamers Ind reduced Ria 
on buses. To ~ your Youth P .. you 
must be under 26. And, you must buy It 

in the United Statrs. 

,------ I.e Car ----'--'----, 
$6.50/day 

Drivtlll a R~ult I.e c.r chrQUlh Europe 
could be the moat economical. trouble free 
way to tel around on your next .... cation 
abroad. CIEE .... a plan which 11- you and 
two friend, a brand new Lee. for $6.50pcr 
person per day*. Of counc, fuel COfIll arc 
extra, but can be surprisingly low with Le 
Car's 50 MPG highway economy rating in 
Europe. Anyone over 18 years and over is 
eligible! 
-BuN on lhr« rn'1DN ..... nnJt _ J.f291nN rft'IlIIl for ~ty"fWo dan. 

For more information, come ee 
u at: CrEE Student Travel 

2 nd l100r o( rhe nJdenr enter 
pen: MWF -4, Tu Thur 1 1 

Phone: 452-063 



Renaissance Fair 
'Like Old Times? 

Saturday'. Revelle Renaissance Festival included 
"games" like The Taming 01 the ShreUJ (far right) 
Bolling (below right), an institutionalized sort of pillow 
fight, and Jacob's Ladder (above right), a near 
impossible to climb rope ladder. Vendors dressed in 
costumes sold fruit and mimes entertained the crowds 
along with jugglers. Various crafts were sold by local 
artisans. For some (at left), the best part of the fair 
wasn't provided by the fair's organizers. Daily 
Guardian photos by Brian Peak. 

Win Two Backstage Passes 
to see Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes on Friday, June 6th, 8:00 

at the UCSD Gym. Entry blanks are available at ASSORTED VINYL, 
UCSD's Music Place. 

For additional contest Info, call 452-2733 Or 452-4102. 
Passes provided by University Events, in conjunction 

with ASSORTED VINYL. 

WEEK'S SPECIAlS: NEW REI EASES: -------
X 10 cc 
Eric Clopton 
Lou Reed 
Genesis 

Dirty Looks 
Alice Cooper 
Steve Tibbits 
Undertones Fabulous Thunderbirds 

JA7Z:----------~ 
Freddie Hubbard 
Jeff Lorber Fusion 
Klttyhawk 
Chick Corea 

OUR EVERYDAY LOW 
PRICES INCWDE: 
Moxall UDXLI & UDXLlI-90 

Blank Tapes $3.79 
TDK SA-90 Blank Tapes $3.29 

All $7.98 list LP's '$5.38 ' 
All $8.98 list LP's $5.90 

W. buy and sell your 
used records 

Open daily from 11-7 
Located in the Student Center, 

just south of EDNA 

II • 
A. S. 5 0 R TED 

It's never too late to learn ... 

How to Study 
. for Finals 

,----on videotape-------. 
now playing 8:30 am-4:00 pm 

USB 4010, OASIS Second Story 

GET THE PLAN! 

Put on a pair of Noppy Sandals, 
and hundreds of tiny fingers will massage 
your feet with every step you take. 
BIRKENSTOCK 

NOItPYS 
10% off any pair of Noppy's 
with this ad and student ID 
(expires Sunday, May 25) 

Birkenstock of La Jolla ' 
1111 Prospect '454-7577 
Also: men's &.. women's clop, Dansldn leotards, 
natural fiber clothing and much. much more. 

, 

• 

~. COI:tions for Men 
More than a style ... 
A way of life ... 

Prepare. nov.J for 
that big day in 
June. $50 off any 
suit or sport coot 

. to UCSD students,. 
faculty or staff (ID 
required). 

Layaway, Gift 
Certificates, American 
Express, Visa, Mastercard 

Number Jwo In the Fifty Dollar 
Giveaway .... expire~ May 26 



THE WEEKLY 
CALENDAR 
Academic Services' 

MON>AY THRU FRIDAY 
FOCUS, UCSD'lte!ephone helpline is here to listen to you. Call 
.. every nict.1rnm 7 pm' to 11 pm. 
OASIS WriIinI Center offen lree service lor all UCSD stud:mt. 
who ..ed pre-writinc help, conferences on dralta! and ~ng 
advice. We ene .. any kind 01 writint and any kind 01 wnlin8 
problem. Call 452-2284 alter 8 :15 am to scheGlle an 
.......... nI or drop in USB 401 08:30-4:00 pm. Conferences 
are alia avM.ble Sunday !yenints /rom 6-8 pm at The Third 
PIKe *-ted at Third CoDe .. acrou Irom the Munch Box. 
8:30'. 12:00 __ '- Prelemd Enrollrnenl Week I'!I' 
conIinuinI Itudenta lor Muir Collece Writinc 10 and MUir 
CoIeae Advanced Writinc 20, Fall Qtr. 1980. At H&SS 2346. 

M()N)AY 
t:08 .1:80_ - Revele Humanities ANiIlf1l'O"nl Brainstorm: s:.... IftIUP d... fer Revele etudenta enrolled in Humanities 
s..-- 12C Luft Mdion. Preparlltion lor ~1inI directed at C particuI.r -anment- CIua meeU III 4070 USB. 

__ by OASIS Wrilina Center. 
10:00 • 10:50 _ - ReveDe Humanities Auipment 
~: Sn.I .-ouP daM lor Revele Uudents enrolled in 
Ii'- W s..- IIC Sade eecIion. Prep.ration Ie;-
..... cinIded" JOW ~~. au. ~ UI 
4070 USB. s,c.-- by OASIS Wrilina Center. 
1O:OO·3:OOpm·_.-, ..... _Ihe ..... OASISTARGET 
STIJDY SKlll.S s...rrw- coverinc HOW TO STUDY FOR 
F1NAU; ~ho..-ontheho..-.1ndivdaaJ iMtructionavaiiabie. 
Cal 452-2284 or come by 401 0 USB lor more information. 
Services .. free. 
1:00 • 2JOO,.. - eRE PRACI1CE EXAMS . U YfJIU're 
~ 10 IIIIr.e the er ..... Rec:onI Exam in the near future, 
.tart""""'" now. OASIS iI oIferint ~ IP'oupedealinawith 
FE mrl and M;;:enl 01 vetW and rMth erIC'! lor 
theGRE.C-toU 4010andpt_help. 452-228<\ tar __ inIonnation. 
nJE!lDAY 
4cOO ... - c....- Black F_ in Third Colette ConI. room 
141. 

9:00 .9:50 am - ReveUe Huma;Uties AssilJlllTlent BraiRlto,,!,,: 
Small group class for Revelle students ~nrolled I~ .Hum.anlllel 
Sequence 11 C Marino section. Preparabon for .wrltlng directed 
at your particular assignment. CIa .. meet. In 4070 USB. 
Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. . 
10:00 • 10:50 - Revelle Humanities AssilJlllTle~t BraiRlt~'!": 
Smau group clau lor Revelle atudenll enrolled. ~n H~manlbes 
Sequence 12C Lyon aection. Preparabon for w.nting directed at 
your particular assignment. Cia.. meets In 4070 USB. 
Sponsored by OASIS Writing Center. . 
12:00 • 1:00 pm - Seniors and Graduate Students: Learn 
How You Can Get A Grant lor Graduate Study or Research 
Abroad. Meet With Faculty and previous student Fulbright 
Fellow. At North Coolerence Rm., Student Center. 
7:00.9:00 pm - Bio/ChemlPhysics tutoring at OASIS Third 
Place. 

WEDNESDAY 
9:00 .9:50 am - Revelle Humanities Assignment Brainst~'!": 
SmaD group cIaa lor Revelle stude",! enrolled. !n H~mambes 
Sequence II C Jolley section. Preparation lor. ~bng directed at 
your particular aaaianment. Class ~ In 4()70 USB. 
Spoo.ored by OASIS Writing Center. 
9:30 • 2:30 pm - "Workina T opther" . conference on Social 
Poky and Plannina. Diatinguiahed= prof 'anala in the IieIda 01 
Law, Health, Community Dev will be present. 
Everyone invited. At Third Humanities Rm. 141 &: 142. 
10:00 • 10:50 un '- Upper Divilion Adjunct CIa ... For 
trander atudents. Focus on short term papers, research methods, 
compoeition. punctuation, and organization_ Cla .. ~ lor 
eicbt _ks. Room 4070 USB. Sponsored by OASIS Writing 

~r • 
5:00 pal - Study Skilla lor science. At OASIS TNrd Place. 

11AJRSI)AY 
3'00 pili _ f'hiIoeoDhy [)epartment CoIoquium praGIb Dr. IlM ....... Inatit'* lor Il.e Behmaral 'Sciencea (viIiting) 
"ANOTHER'S SORROW" at Revele Formal J..ounae. 

Religious 
MONDAY 
12 :00 noon - Catholic Bible study at the Stljdent Center. 
2:00 pm _ Latter-day Saint Student Association Ol~ 
T eltament Class at the LOS Institute (across the streetJrom MUir 
Campus) . 

TUESDAY 
12:00 noon - Per.pectiues On Religion, Rabbi Jay Miller 
leads the discussion on "Religion As A Community: Mod els Irom 
the Jewish Experience." &ing your lunch to Revelle Formal 
Lounge; collee will be provided. 
7 :30 pm -Inlormal gathering lor couples at the home 01 Laurie 
and Keith Landa, 3859 A Miramar, Old Mesa Apartments, with 
goodies, 455·9 183. 
9:00 pm - Catholic Bible study at University Lutheran Church. 

WEDNESDAY 
I :30 pm - Cluster Bible Study in the lo~,"ge of University 
Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr., acrOis. the street 
from UCSD. 

2:00 pm - Latter-day Saint Student Association Ol~ 
Testament class at LDS Institute (aeross the Itreet Irom MUIr 
campus). 

• 

3:00 pm - Christian Inquirers Seminar meeIt , with the topi 
The Sac,oments as a Life Support Slistem, in Pastor Joh 
Huber's Itudy at University Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jol 
Shores Dr., across the street Irom UCSD. 

THlMSDAY 
8:00 • 9:00 pin - Meeting 01 the Christian Science 
Organization. All lludenta, faculty, and stall are welcome. 
Location: Garne Room Conference Room, Student Center. 

FRIDAY 

Inter V _sity • Trident Christian Felk,wahip . Discussion- on the 
virtues 01 Christ. Speaker TBA. Cal Eric VooIc, 455-5792, to 
time. Location: Muir Apt. Lo ...... 

6:00 pm - Bahai rftlide - informal meeting to obtain more 
inlormation aboul the Baha'i faith. Location: Game Room • 
Student Center. 

SAnJRDAY 
5:30 pm - Catholic M .. at University Lutheran Church. 

8:30 am - Catholic M.s at University Lutheran Church. 

10:00 am - Lutheran PentecOit Communion Service to be 
held at University Lutheran Church, 9595 La JoUa Shores Dr., 
across the street Irom UCSD. 

10:30 am - Catholic M!lss at University Lutheran Church. 

12:00 noon - Episcopal Eucharist at Uni..,er.ity Lutheran 
Church. 

5:30 pm - Catholic Masl at University Lutheran Church. 

Lectures 
TUESDAY 
12:00 • 1:00 pm - Contraceptive Education Seaaion: Informal 
cliscuuion. All must attend to receive birth control servic. and 
men are encoura .... to attend as _D. No appl neeesary, 
located in the conference room at the UCSD Student Health 
Center. 

WEDNESDAY 
12:00 • 1:00 pin ~ Contraceptive Education S_ion: Inlormal 
diacusaion; aU mUll attend to receive birth conlrol servicea and 
men are encouraKed to attend 81 weI. No appl nee_ry, 
located in the coriierence room as the UCSD Student Health 
Center. 

4:00 pm - UCSD New' Poetry Sene. Lecture: Donald 
Welling, Dill/cuI/tie, 01 th~ Sa,die: Li'~ratur. and 'h~ Human 
Voice. Location: Center for Music Experiment. 408 Warren. 

3:45 pm - The Study a( Chain Microstructure by High 
Resolution Nuc lear Magnetic R esortGrKe Spectroscopy. 
Location TLH 104. 

7:30 pm - The ECKANKAR tudent Society will be showing 
the film. ECKANKAR, A Way o( .Life. Th,ere wiD 1M: a question 
and answe, ",ssion on death and reIncarnation followlnglhe Iilm. 
Location: 2250 APM. Free admis ion. 

12 :00 noon - Amino Acid Racemization in Nature: Kinetics, 
Mecllani m, und Implication . Location: BSB 2100. 

, 

MONDAY 
12:00 • 12:30 pm - Noon conditioning Workshop with 
Joellen Barnell. Open to students, staff and faculty. Wrestling 
room. 

4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics Club sponsores open workouts 
Monday.Friday, at this time in the South Balcony of the Main 
Gym. Any UCSD afli6ates interested in joining us are welcome! 
4 :00 • 6:00 ym - Table Tennis club meets for open piay in Rec 
Coolerence Room . • 
5:00 pm - Karate Club practice, North Balcony, Main Gym. 
8 :00 - 10:00 pm - Israeli Folkdance Club. Join us for open 
dancing in Rec Coni Rm. 
8:00 • 11:00 pm - Wrestling Club, Wrestling Room, Main 
Gym. . 

TUESDAY 
12:00 - 12:30 pm - Noon conditioning workshop with Joellen 
Bamett .. Open to student, staff and faculty . Wrestling Room . 
3:00 • 5 :00 pm- Ultimate Frisbee practice, on Third College 
field . 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics club open supervi.oo workout, 
in the South Balcony of the Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - Karate club practice, North Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:00 - 5:45 pm - Judo club, wrestling room. 

WEDNESDAY 
12:00 • 12:30 pm - Noon Conditioning Workshop with 
Jaellen Barnett. Open to student., staff and facuhy . Wreatling 
Rm. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics Club lponsors open aupervised 
workouts lor aD you former gymnast enthusiasts. Join us! South 
Balcony. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Table Tennis dub open play, Rec Cool Rm. 
New players always welcome! 

, 
5:00 pm - Karate club, North Balcony. 
6:30 • 8:00 pm - Aikido dub practice, wrestling room. 
8:00 • 11:00 pm - Wreatling club, wrestling room. 

Recreation 
lliURSDAY 
12:00 - 12:30 pm - Noon Conditioning Workshop with 
Joellen Barnett. Open to students, staU and faculty. Wrestling 
Rm. 

3:00 - 5:00 pm - Ultimate Frisbee Club practice on Third 
College Field. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics club open supervised workout, 
South Balcony of the Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - Karate Club. North Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:00 - 5:45 pm - Judo club practice. wrestling room. 
6:00 • 8 :00 pm - Korean Karate practice North Balcony, 
Main Gym. 

8:00 - 10:00 pm - JU1l8~ng Club practices each Thursday in 
the wrestling room. 
8:30 pm - Racquetball Club Night at Black Mountain 
Racquetball Club. 9-11 pm. $1.50 Meet at Urey Hall mailbox at 
8 :30 pm lor carp006ng. All levels of play welcome. 

THURSDA Y·SA TURDAY 
Men's Track NAIA National Championships at Abilene 
Christian University, Texas. Larry flynn and John Serrano will 
represent UCSD. 

FRIDAY 
12:00 • 12:30 pm - Noon conditioning workhp with Joellen 
Barnett. Open to student., .tall and faculty, wrealling room. 
2:00 • 3:00 pn - Synchronized .wirnming club rneett at the 
pool . 
4:00·5:30 pm - Gung Fu club practice, adaptive room, main 
gym. 
4;00 • 6:00 pn - Gymnaltic. club lponlO" open workout in 
the South Balcony of the Main Gym. Join U.! 
4:00.6:00 pm - Table Tenni club meeta for open piay in the 
Rec Co~ference Room, Rec Gym . New players alwaYI welcome! 
5:00 pm - Karate club practice, North Bakony, Main Gym. 
8:00 • 11 :00 pm - Wre tling club meeting, wreltling room, 
main gylJl . 

SATURDAY 
11 :00 - 2:00 pm- Ultimate Frisbee Club has practice today at 
Third College Field. 
4:00 - 6:00 pm - Boxing Club practice Wrestling Rm. 

SUNDAY 
10:00 • 12 noon - Synchronized swimming club meets at the 
pool . 
5:00 pm - Wine tasting Workshop at Warren apt. Rec. 

Meetings 
nJESDAY THURSDAY 
12:00 noon - AASA Meeting - Guest apeaker Herb To)'a, 4:00 pm .... Wanen College CommUler Board rneetinc. All 
from the Pilipino Cuhural Raource Center, speaking on Folk interest students welcome. Location: Wwren Collep 405. 
Arll. Location: AASA Office. 

WEDNESDAY 
Recycling Ca·op volunteer meeting. All interested people should 
attend_ Relreshrnents served. Location: Collee Hut. Call Dave 
Jaffe: x2570 for time. 

7:00 pm - DARK STAR is going to TIw Empire Strl .. Sac,,", 
the ..,quel to SIa, Wa, .. II you~re interested in it or interested in 
Science Fiction caB Alex at 453-4688. We meet Thundaya at 
7 pm. Location: Bac;k 01 USB 2722. 

. Entertainment 
MONDAY· FRIDAY MONDAY THRU WEDNESDAY THUlSDAY 
12:00 noon· 5:00 pm - MFA Show by Marilyn Hughes 
Going Public/Making Changes art works and documents 01 a 
public informational art project on sexual harassment 01 women 
workers & students. Location: Mandeville Annex GaBerv. 

8:00 pm - An all female production 01 Samuel Beckett', 
Wailing for Godot, presented outside in the Rock Garden just 
behind HSS 2250. Admission: free. 

7:00 and 9:00 pm- YOUftII Fran~rut~in, Mel Brookscla .. ic 
funny black and white movie wiD be .hown in USB 2722 this 
Thwsday. Tickets are only $1.50 at the box olliee. A DARK 
STAR production. 

TUESDAY 
, 

. 8:00 pm - A TO MICA FE, Graduate Student Composers 
Forum. Location: Center for Music ~xperiment, 408 Warren 
Campus. 

WEDNESDAY THRU SAllJRDAY 

7 :30 pm - East European Film - True Friends (Soviet Union 
1954) Three successful, middle-age Moscow friends fulliU their 
boyhood ambition to sail down the Volga River on a ralt. A 
comedy poking fun at the pretense, of a modern-day bureaucrat, 
while relishing the humane .. 01 people. Location: HL 1402. 
Admission: free. 

WEDNESDAY 
8:00 pm - Wednesday evenings at the Mandeville Center: 
Harkins & LarlOn. THE a versatile composer-performer team 
that produces a program designed to transcent the "l"rely novel 
and the merely virtuosic. Despite a certain antic ingredient, their 
perlonnance exemplilies seriousnen without pretense. Location ~ 
Mandeville Center Auditorium. Admission: For the scholarship 

8:00 pm - Amen Come, is James Baldwin's potent vision of 
the vibrant reality surrounding a storefront church in Harlem. It 
portrays the explosive conflict ~weenl the woman who has 
created the church and her jazz musician son, and portrays 
powerful drama filled with jazz music, gospel singing, laughter 
and tears. Tickets are available at the UCSD Theatre Ticket 
Of lice, noon·4:30 weekdays, 01' call 452-4574. Location: 

FRJDAY 

7:00 pm - Fihn: Black & White in Color, Jacques Annaud', 
Academy Award winning film on the absurdity of European 
colonialism in Africa. SjI<>Rsored by the Committee For World 
Democracy . Location: TLH 107 . Admission: free. lund: General - $2.50, students - $1 . • 

UCSD Theatre, Warren Campus. Admis.ion: $3.25 students, 
$4 .50 general. 

CAREER PLANNING & PLACEMENT'S )0155 Ie events 
ThIa Ia. _p!q of opportunllielliatcd with Caner PIannUw &. Placement. al ' . 
• Wem-Ia, mnmilll- VWt .. at the Student Center, BuiJaine B. We are here 
110 helpl CURRENT EVENTS: 
CAREER: 
SaIea RepreRmadve: $300/w\r pi .. car, expe_ and $2000 annual booua; 

market rood ImIice products. Any deane (6924). 
Lab Technician: $ Neeodable; operate a lab In Tijuana, Mexico. BS detree in 

chemiltty (6919). 
Lab Technician: $ Variable, DOE. Lab march, BS dearee In Blolorf with 1tr00I 

beckaround in Matllematkl and Chemiltry (6923). 

PART-TIME: 
Fair Theatre Atteoo.nt: 54.31Ihr. Del Mar Fair poIition, if1Idlllte st'l¥ienll; on 

campus- interview. May 28 (H.2296). ' 
Secretary /Typlat: $5-7Ihr, DOE. Part time to full ttme-technical twine (C-

2299). 
Tranalator: $ Open; technical mndarda ftomJaptinele into Enliish. Prefer mature 

JaptinetC: .peeker (C·23OO). 
Camp Counaelora: $ N"IOrlable; SurnlMf day eamp (or ptetChool Children (H. 

2301). 
Door ~cnon: $5thr. pe« dme; cocktailloun~ (H·l296). 

Special edidon alOn Campus Recrultlnt Propam: Action'. beck and we've tor 
theml The PeKe CorpelViItI recruiter 1Hl1 be beck on campul W~y, may 
21, 1980, If you haven't yet .eat him, aip up in Career P\annina and pick up an 
applkadon to All out. . 

Job Hund", WorbhOJ»: Lam how 1)10 be effective in job inremew.; 2) 10Ft 
Informadon .bout employers; and 3) the beat _ys to apply (or job.. 
Job Interviewill8 Work ... op: T ueaday, May 20, 3·5 pm, No« Conference Room, 
Student Center. • 
Job StTitesia Workahop: Thurlday, May 22, 2~ pm, North Conference Room, 
Student Center. 

Career Conneaion Workshop: This workshop will connect your skill. and 
preferences to whit's .vailable In today 'a job market. Especially 1l00d If you are 
feeli"lllOme uncertainty' a bout eareet choices or if you need help in Identifylll8and 
articuladna'p'our skiUa. Stan up at Career Plann!na &. Placement. Workahop Is 10 
be held on Wednesday, Mey 21, 1 ~ pm, Mountain Vl_ Lounse Third Coli .. 
H&.sS Job Mlrket Review: A aurvey o( current economic trend. ~fu1 to the 
H&'SS job hunter . Wednesday, May 21, 3·5 pIn, No«h Conference Room, 
Student Center. 



A STUDE T COllE(~TI"E 

Women, 
Repression 

and Politics 
1 (a forum) I· 

Speakers Representing: -----, 
Women for Racial and Economic Equality 
National Alliance Against Racist and ' . 

Political Repression 
Center 'for Women's Studies and SeNlces 
RaPe p'rev~ntion Task Force 

, Moderated .,y: 
. Dr ... nnetta Jules-Rosette 

ThursdaY. May 22 
6:30 pm, Internallonal Center 

sponsored by: . • 
Women's Center. National Alliance Against RdClst and -Political 

Repression. SAA.C. and the ASOCSO, -

UCSD has a 
DENT AL GROUP 

at the Student Health Center 
with Student Rates! 

~---------;U7edo----------~ 
EXAMINAT10NS 

and 
DENT AL U70RK 
and Hygienists are 

- _. available for clea~ing teeth 

MONDAY thru FRIDAY ' 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
phone: 452'2080 

U7 e can do work for spouses, too! 

How long has it been since you've seen a 
DENTIST? 

r----TIKKUN 
L'AEL 

SHAWOT 
an all-night 
~--- Bible study session -------' 

Featuring:' 
Dr. Richard Friedman 
Dr. Jonathan Saville ' 
Rabbi Wayne Doslck 

Tuesday, May ,20 
8:30 pm-8:00 am 
at Beth EI Congregation 

874S La Jolla Scenic Drive 

sponsored by 
the Union of Jewish Students 

Vokcmoe., • 20th century oil paintins by Carlo. Orozc:o Romero i. one of many work. on di'lliav 
in the I".,.,.. 01 Mexico c:oIlection, at Mandeville Art Gallery. • 

BY LYNElTE TOM was tht; fashion." . is depicted in a nonchaJant 
se.& w.... . A, gr~er aspect of Aztec manner through Cortez's 

/mtJIa 01 Mexico is an art life II IDustrated by a skull soldiers and Montezuma 
collection that relats with created to mark the high him self. 100 k. a I m 0 s t 
richoea. the history of a num~ of hU~ilI! sacrificea, complacent as his legs are 
country and its culture. , predicted by soenl:!-ts to be as being shackled. StiD, the guide 

Tours of the Mandeville man! as 1O,()()() ~vea. 'lbeae regards the seriea as havirur 
show are conducted daily from sacnfic~. were ~arily due "interesting historical value.'r 
9 am to II am, with additional to po.lllJcal, religiOUS and Segregation of racea in 
tours in the afternoon and ecolOgical factors, the guide Mexico is reflected in four 
evening hours. They are says. , caste paintings. Consisting of u~ue in that the guides are T~e next fo~s of the tour IS figures in traditional dreas, 
UCSD students, specially Sparush colomal art of the these anonymous works were 
trained by a representative 17th an~ , 18th . centuries, hung in churches or parishes. 
from the Formento Cultural mostly rdlglous pamtings and Priests referred to them during 
Banamex. The tours run 40 the baptismal of children 
minutes and are conducted in The Daily- Guardian whose parents were of 
both Spanish and English. different races, but of the same 

They begin with a small Arts class status. 
display of pre-Columbian The same caste paintings 
works. One Indian tribe also served as a guide to New 
repreaented ilthe ToOtanacas, portraits. Migud Gonzalez's World fruits and vegetables, 
whose grinning figurine., San Pedro and Santiago best denoted by a letter that 
according to the tour guide, exemplify the former. correspond. to an index 
have acquired for the culture "There was a lot of contact identifying the fruit or 
the nickname of "the smiling between Mexico and the vegetable and its eating and 
people." Orient, and this is Seen cookin1purpo8e1· ' 

AIao represented are the throughout the art," the guide Lan capes were the main 
Aztec:a, whole Kmght of the says, pointing to the paintings' topic of 19th century art in 
EagIea fisurehead baa been compositiOn of oil on wood Mexico, through the stong 
immortalized by the athletic with mother of pearl inlay. influence of European art. 
teams at San Diego State The prolraits are shown at A prominent figure in this 

Univer~. . their molt grand ac:4Ie by pore is JOie Maria Vduco. 
"The Knights of the Eaale Andres de lalu' Dona Ana The dean air and crisp 

were a noble order," says the Maria de la CcuntJa II Coa. mountainous contours of such 
guide. "Once they were ~ black dot on the right paintings as Cuernatlaca 
admitted into the order, the temple is a beauty mark, Landscape and The Coapa 
melllbers had to.JO throush a which originated when Hacienda and The Vallf1Jl o( 
sene. of won.. The bird was colonists saw Indiana applying Mexico were imitated by his 
anemblemofrnhnberahipinto black dota on their temples to contemporaries, such as 
the order." rdieve headaches and miatook Conr ad W. Chapman. They 

An Aztec pol in the shape of them for a new fashion trend were also given what the guide 
a woman's head makes for an the guide explains. call. "a more romantic 
inlriping example of tribal HIstory from a Spaniard'. approach to nature" by the 
beliela aDd customs. point of view is seen in a series shadowed tones of Juan 

"To the Aztecs, a sign of of 12 paintings entitled, The Mortiz Rugendas' landscapes. 
beauty wu crou-eyedness," Conquest o( Mexico. Created " There allo came a 
the IUide explains. "So, they by an unknown arti.t, the discovery of popular scenes 
would put a bean between the collective work has ,a definite that weren't posed, but 
ey. of their children or place Spanish slant. Thil is apparent captured everyday ~fe," he 
pieca of wood around their in the painting, Montezwna continues. " It preceded the 

,he_ to make.them conical or Becomes A Vassal," in which idea of photographs." 
sqlUlte, depending upon what the captivity of the Aztec king Such is the concept behind 

Couch, Cathod~ Ray 
Around Town 

The Couch and Cathode 
Rail Shield Show, a 
"""'ormanc:e and installa-
tion" by D.nie.I Loewen-
Qin wiI be presented May 
~ May 30 in the 

. Annex CaUery, 
room B-118 in the 
MIndede Center. Gallery 
hours .. e 12-5 pm Monday 
~ Friday. Free. 452- ' 
3102. ~ 

The New Poetry Series 
continuea with a lecture by 
proIesaor DanaJd W-Iint 
caIed "DifficuItiea of the 

Bardie: Literature and the 
Human Voice", at 4 pm 
Wednesday, May 21 , at 
CME, 408 Warren 
Campus. Free. 452-2533. 

C ontem~orary , A rla 
F estival will conclude with a 
trumpet and voice concert 
bL ~kina and Lanon 
(THE), 1 pm Monday, 
May 19, in the Music 
Complex of Palomar 
College, San Marcos. 744-
1150, X349. 

the works, Popular Market 
Scene and Popular Scene 
With Soldier by Agustin 
Arrieta . The leemingly 
anachronistic appearance of a 
poodle in the firat painting is 
due to the 'lrong British , 
influence of the Mexican upper 
clas.. "1Oey were imitating 
English fashion," the guide 
explains. 

Social and political issues 
are brought to fiery 
representation through Jor,e 
Gonzalez Camarena. 
Veteran Guerilla and David 
Alfaro SiquierOl' Diltribution 
o( TOfJs al £1 Meaquita/. 

The fint painting draw. 
par aIIeIa to Vietnam, through 
the .kdelon-like body and 
nearly non-existent head of a 
soldier slumped against a 

Please tum 10 PORe II 

TAKING A TRIP? 
GOING HOME? 

Make your summer reservations todayl 

Domestic and international airfares are increaSing 
rapidly, However, the tares are guaranfeed once 

your ticket has been written, 

DON'T DELAY 
COME IN. SEE US TODAY! 

Conveniently located in La Jolla Village Square 
(next to Bullock's WilshirE» 

\r: JDE Our services are 0 R L D Open Man-Sot free to youl TOURS 455-n10 
FAU. QUARTER 

JOIN THE CROWD! 

TAKE 
FIRST YEAR CHINESE 

(CHINESE STUDIES 11) 

Maybe we should 
be lIlore 

aggressive ... 
Join a Committee! 
The University Events Pop. 

Film. Dance/Drama . 
Special Events. Music. 

Lecture and Ethnic and 
Cultural Ms committees 

want you I 

Have a say 
In what 

you see. 
Call us, 

412-4090. 

• 



Film/Rick GTeene 

The Old 'Nude BODlb' That-Never-Goes-Off Trick 
. Maxwell Smart, Agent 86, 

is back and The Nude Bomb is 
a superb movie. Would you 
believe . . , a pretty good 
movie? How about a quick 
way to kill four bucks a head? 
Sorry about that . , . 

Get Smart, one of the 
funnier television series of the 
sixties, ran from 1965 to 1969 
and won' Don Adams an 
astounding three EmmYI for 
his portrayal of the bumbling 
Aaent86. And, tike Star Trek, 
Tlte Wild, Wild We.t, 
Batman, and many others, 
Maxwell Smart has lI"aduaied 
from the small saeen and 
pratfallen into his first feature 
length adventure. 

ft's called The Nude Bomb, 
a film which is about a device 
controlled by the evil 

aniz-' KAOS. The :I explode the bomb whic~ 
wiD destroy all types of fabric. 
on earth, therefore making 
everybody nude, Of course, 
they want bilions for ransom; 

• and 01 course, theit arch· 
enemy, Maxwell Smart (who 
doeIn't seem 10 work for 
CONTROL anymore, he now 
works for PITS), iI sent out to 
thwart their plans and save the 
world. "What, again?" asks 
Max. 

It's the gadgets and the 
wonderful Don Adam. that 
make The Nude Bomb worth 
seeing, Smart not only hall hill 
shoe-phone, but he also has a 
boot·phone. a shoe· phone with 
touch· tone dialing and a 

The Country Deli 

D ... un • TQY4Ia 
VaIwo ........ 

.................. 

w. will beaI~ 
any oIh. prices I 

(regulO, reloll IobOr 01 I 
lime cI purChase) 

Absolutely highest 
quailly-San Dlegdl 

largest 
Independent shop 

open 7 days 
since 1975 

Welt Auto Services 
2652300 

d619 MSSIDn Gor e Place 
'A m, north of hi hwoy 8 
ClOlM'\ MISS/on Go! Rood 
urn ,. /II t C rOI\ stolton 

special one with an answering 
machine, The Chief sports a 
pipe with a rear·view mirror 
and Max now has a desk· 
mobile, "the latest in counter· 
attack furniture". The desk 
goes up to 80 miles per hour , 
gets 35 to the gallon on the 
highway and 12 in the living 
room. All the customary Get 
Smart lines and props are here 
(the cone of silence, Agent 13 
who hides in cabinets and 
toilets, " MiSled it by that 
much", "Sorry about that, 
chief", etc.), but Don Adam. 
looks a little the worse for 
wear. 

007 opemng where James 
Bond shoots into the sight of a 
gun and blood drips down, 
This is followed by another 
parody of the beginning of 
Moonraker and the skydiving 

bizarre sequence of an army of 
cloned Smarts fighting an 
army of cloned rr.as ter villians, 
so obviously lilmed using 
doubles and trick photography 
that there is no fun in it. I could 

the movie is unfunny and 
slightly uncomfortabl e. 
Sequences like the Moonraker 
beginning and the long chase 
through the Universal Studios 
tour roule are abandoned just 
as they get interesting. The 
des k chase is fun, and good old 
Larabee, the only other 
holdover from the series, is 
hilarious . Unfortunatdy, The 
Nude Bomb just never 
explodes and the potential for 
clever satire and warm 
nostalgia is not even half 
realized. I refuse to even 
mention the hideous disco 
song which accompanies the 
credits. Hi. Maxwell Smart is 

exactly as we remember him ... 
a cocky, bragging, lucky, 
CIou.eau-ishly clumsy half-wit 
and stiD very likable, but he 
just doesn't belong in the 
1980's. He's like .orne since· 
forgotten relic making an 
appearance which intrudes 
upon our perspective of time. 
When we last saw him the 
Beatles were &tiD together, 
Vietnam was far from over 
and Sean Connery wcu James 
Bond, Adams is certainly 
talented, sliD has the character 
down pat; and manages to 
keep a ' stupid and poorly. 
(ilmed and staged movie 
interelting, but the strong 
feeling of how much better the 
show was outweighs the 
novdty of the return of 
Maxwell Smart. 

0;.. Adams is back, w.ith shoe phone. 

Sylvia Kristel, Rhonda 
Fleming, Pamela Hensley and 
Andrea Howard are the 
women in Smart's life and they 
do nothin! but decorate the 
furniture. nyways, isn't Max 
still married to Agent 99 and 
didn't they have twins or 
triplets or something? Max's 
new chief is played 
ineffectively by Dana Elcar, 
who can't hold a candle to the 
late Edward Platt, a superb 
character actor and The Chief 
of the television ~how, 

The low budget shows 
everywhere, especially 'in the 
picture quality and sound 
dubbing, It looks like a third-
rate American Internationaf 
release and not a Universal 
·Picture. If The Nude Bomb 
does well, th e re will 
undoubtedly be a second 
Maxwell Smart adventure. The Nude Bomb begins 

with a clever parody of the 

sequence. Then KAO!; 
break. into all television 
broadcasts, threatens the 
world and signs off by saying 
"Have a)lice day." The viUain 
is missing an eye, an arm, a Ie" 
and his larynx. Another villain 
always wears pantyhose over 
his . head. The finale is a quite 

---Camping In 
~.J!::~"L..!.!l. Europe! 

(on a budget) 

for a free brochure 
and mare info, come 

see us at: 

CIEI STUDENT TRAVEL 
UC$O Student Center 

Open MNF 8-4, Tu/Th 10-1 
452~ 

SWeallng the ca., 
If YOU'Ie pIcJminO to toke the GIaduate Record 
Exam in the nearfutUle. start ptepa"1Q row, OASIS 
Is o.lerlllO smQI groups deaItng with all enrent 
crad development d vertx:II and math p!OficIenCY 
for the GRE. 

PUCnCI EXAMI:------~-----, 
. Monday, May 19 at 1;00 & 2:00 
Wednesday, May 21 at 1;00 & 2;00 pm 
USB 4010 

MATH~P----------=--------~ 
Thursday. May 22 at 7;00 pm 
HL 1254 

Call 452·2284 for more Info, 
foreign students are especlallyweleome 

go on, but I think you get the 
point - The Nude Bomb is-a 
siUy movie. 

It is written and produced by 
the same people who · 
masterminded the television 
series, 'Occasionally isolated 
gags, pratfalls or one liners hit 
the spot. but for the most part, 

Dring irl your UCSO srudenr, sraff or 
faculty 10 and recelW your I\a,d Maul -

dlscounr cad good for up ro 25% off 011 
your spring and summer purchases. 

I NO_.......,.P---.... ] 
lU{AL MAUl ft JEWELRY 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE SQUARE 453·6750 
<lower level next to Ouiloci~ 's Wilshire) 

PlAZA CAMINO REAL CARLSBAD 434·3136 

personal checl~ is welcome. 1 
VISA. MASl£RCMO • .AMERICAN EXPRESS 

J... 

Classifieds 
announcements 

D.G,Wilis Is holding its semi-annual 3-
. tor-$1 .00 salel Thousands of books 
17·24 May. Open lOam - 10 pm daily: 
7527 La Jolla BI~. (S/24) 
Fall Quarter Internships! Applications 
avallabte al AS Internship office. 
Deadline May 26. (5/23) 
Wa~lng for GodoI· an female cast May 
19,20,21 , 8 :00 pm in the rock garden 
behind HSS 2250 (John Muir Theatre). 
F,ea. (5/21) 
Seniors & Graduate students: Learn 
how 10 gal a grant for graduate study 
abroad. Workshop, May 20, 12·1 pm, 
North conference Room. For more 
into, call X3556. (S/19) 
Posnions for the Student Health 
Advisory Com'm are open tor next 
year. All students with time and 
interesl are encouraged to apply. For 
further Information undergrads call 
x4450, or your cotlege counsil, grads 
call x2 .. 93. (S/19) 
EMBAAASS YOUR FRIENDS! Happy 
Birthday Co. WIll bake a cake & sing 
anywhere, anytime - only 57. 4S5-
1280. (S/19) 

penonals 

EMBAAASS YOUR FRIENDS! Happy 
Birthday Co. will bake a cake & sing 
anywhere, anytime - only 57. "SS-
1280. (5/19) 
WIN TWO BACKSTAGE PASSES or 
TWO COM PLEMENTRY PASSES 10 
Southside Johnny and the Asbury 
Jukes; appearing Frl. June 6 at the 
UCSD Gym. Entry blanks now 
availab18 as ASSORTED VINYL. For 
eddnlonal Info. call 452·2733 or "S2-
4102(6/ 4) 

for sale 

Lea~ing US - Yamaha lOOcc 5395. 
Oneill wet suit ·L $90. Surfboard 7.B 
$70, greit buys. Richard 270-6258 
(SI22) . 

~, Tapper; convened refrigerator 
with 10 Ib C02 tank and fittings, $125. 
Rob .. 52·3281 or 270-7048. (5/20) 
1970 FOfl) TORINO 97,000 mi. new 
lransmisslon, brakes, radiator and 
front end. 51 250.00·witt bargain, Dave 
Ball 453-0244. (5/23) 
For sale: Akar stereo BSR-lable 
speakers good condo Best offer 4S3~ 
4946. (5/19) 

) 
GENESIS FANS: 3 tickets for 3 fans. 
510.00 / ea. May 28th Mon. (holiday). 
455-5607 DebbIe (eves). (S / 19,21 ,23) 
1988 LTD Excellent mechanical condo 
Comfortable car for the occasslonel 
driver. $775. Call Ben at 453-4617. 
(5/21) 
Student desk and chair (for small 
person) $20, 3-drawer dresser 
(aVOCado finish) S25 or both for. S40. 
Catt Lynn "54-5879. (8/8) . 

housing 

2 roommate needeI! 3 bdrm condo 
Playmoor. Each own room, avail June. 
Call Eve 455-0882. (5/21) 
Roommate needed 10 share enCinitas 
2 bedroom house very CI09810 beach. 
AvbI. now 942-2S84. (5/~0) 
Roonvnate wanted immedialely for 
new Solana Beech condo, Masler 
~room, own beth, pool, jacuzzi, 
dlsh~her. We're two quiet, non-
smoking grads. 5180/ mo. 452-4806 
(day) or 481 -5298 (eves). (5121) 

Woman Interested In child 
development needed for 18 hours 
child care per week in exchange for 
furnished studio apl w / kitchen In old 
Del Mar. Walk to beach, bus, shops. 
481·1580. (5/21) 
Male nnml needed. Own roomllurn· 
Ished. Private bath. Pool. 5150. Near 
SOSU. 286-2262. (5/20) 
HOUSE EXCHANGE WANTED: 
LovaIy, 4 bedroom, 3 balh Honolulu 
ocean View home 15 minutes from 
university, for Le Jolla-Del Mar similar 
residence. Exchange of cars desired, 
watering plants mandatory. June-July, 
dsles negotiable. Write Prof. Murphy, 
374 Hema Place, Honolulu 96621 or 
call 226-8080 evas. (5/28) 

wanted 

· Energetic, enthusiastic salesperson 
wanled lor part time sales -
approximalely 30 hrs / wk In a 
women's shoe & clothing boutique In 
La Jolla. 53.75/hr & commission. 
Evening shift and some weekends 
through summer. Call Leslie. 454-

, 7S77. (5/22) 
Doctor SI , son 20, offer FREE passage 
10. ':Iawall for 2 non·smoking females 
willing to crew on 32 Westsail. Leaving 
June 1/80. Enquire slips Ide 5S 
Kingston Ct. CoronedO cays most 
afternoons except weekends. (S/20) 

services 

Precision VW -W:e. FaC10ry Irained 
mechanic. Houle calle and ride 
service. R H. GrInlBlein. 438-3481 (S/1'9) . 
Michael's "On The Road" aulo repair 
tune '-'>I, electrical, light meChanical 
- guaranteed - "56-1879. (SI19) 
MOONLIGHT TYPING SERVICE. We 
pride oursel\l8s in being detail-
orlenled professionals. 753-1441 . 
(5/23) 
JOB SEARCH ASSISTANCE -
Resumes, Interviewing techniques, 
career counseling. 753·1441. (5123) 
TYPINGI Quality work. Call "SA" 235-
6244. 

TypiBls: IBM exper / theses/dleser / 
term papers /editing. RUSH jobs! 453-
0856, "52 -1 486, 286-4938, 225-1449. 
(6/15) 
JENNY's HOME TYPING- Term 
pepers, theses, diss. Days and evas, 
225-1449 (6/7) 
TUTOR - patient, kind, friendly 
lutorlng. Learn with an experienced 
tulor. 'Mathemalics (Calculus a 
specialty) ; 'Compuler Science; 
'Wntlng & Compos~lon; 'General 
Chemlstry, Physics & Biology. Call 
HARLEY 481 ·7589. (5/19) 
Before you type - Raise your grade! 
Lei me ed~ your term peper, thesis, 
dls'., 1 day service. 452-9829. (5/23) 

lost and found 
Lost: McGregor baaeball mil • Muir 
field late Thursday afternoon (S/8) 
please call "52-8805 if folJ'ld thanks (5 / 19) . 
Lost: Silver Seiko Watch Mort, S / 12, In 
TLH 107 or nearby. Pleasa return. Jim 
452-9685. (S/19) 
Lost: High School ciass ring. Location 
unknown. Gold with violet stone. 
Reward 455·09S9. (5/19) 
FOUnd May 1 2: Gray black cal in Muir 
parking lot. To Identify ca. 452-9739 
or 453-3388. (5/19) 
loBI: SR40 calculator last April in 
black case in HL library. Jim e\l8, 455-
1507. (5/19) 
Found: a black umbrella last week 
outside Revalle deli. Jim ..... 455-
1507. (5/19) 
Lost: Neal Talil's spalding L·hand 
glove, Left on Muir field Sund.y .. 127 
arQlRj 1 0:00 am. Please Return. Ca. 
453-6185. Ask for Art or Russ. (S/20) 
LOST: baby bracelet, silver with 
enamel ducklings. or tremendOUl 
sentimental value. Call Jody al 459-
0705. Reward. (5/20) 
Lost: Ladles Tan leather wallel, 
belween Ave. de La Playa and 
Scripps. Rewerd! Merry: 453-2767. 
(5/20) 
Found: Wooden skaleboard with 
green wheels on 517. You tell me the 
rest. Rumpelstilskin 272-3768. (S/24) 

.----RALLy-· -- The UCSD Women's Center 
is proud to present .. , . . 

travel 

CIEE Studenl Travel Center. Located 
on the second floor of the Student 
Center, open MWF 8-", TuTh 1~1 . 
Phone 452· 0830. (8/8) 
Moving 10 Bay AreaT RenI~ truck 
8/10, spece for furniture & people. 
Call soon! Val 279-87 .... after 8 pm 
(S/20) . 

Mexico Art 
Conlinued from pofe 9 
background of destruction and 
inferno. 1be second paintinl" 
contrat between the faceless 
mullitude and ,audily drelsed 
women accuratefy conveys 
"the idea of why the revolution 
was 10 cruel," the pide says, 

"Duality" is the word used 
by the ,uide a the theme in 
Ora'or. Its artist, Carlo. 
Orozco Romero, IUQelts in 
the work of a double-faced 
figure the Hispanic Indian 
oritins of the Mexican culture 
and the good and evil of 
Iunans. . 

This duality can also be 
seen in Harve.'. Creator 
Guillermo Mesa, accorcinc to 
the,. suide, "puts forw.d a 
f_1DI that aeabns IOmething 
destroys somethin, else. One 
example it a liclde of wheat 
painted in red, in which the 
cqlor symbolizes both 
"destruction and purification." 

Although Cordelia Urueta· 
is the only woman artist to be 
induded in the collection · her ; . 
contribution, The Mar: in 
Grell, is significant in terms of 
how 20th century Mexican art 
is viewed. 

Proposition 9 
"----'-( Jarvis 11)-----' the film you have heard about or have been waiting to see again: 

Vernon Sukumu 
Black Federation 

State CoChair, Qtizens for Califamia Evonne Schulze 
S.D. Citizens for Gallfamla 

, 

felipe Zata~arn 
DaveEmst 

Moderator: 
Linda Sabo Mark Schulze 

lJCSD Rep & Choir. SDCCC 

Monday,. May 19. 
Noon, Revelle Plaza 
Endorsers: Son Diego County Collegiate Council-ASUCSD-Cltlzens fOt 
California- Student Attirmatlw .Action Committee- Block Federation of 
Son Diego-Student Body Presidents Council-CoIPIRG- United 

Professors of California-SHiP- funded with Campus .ActMt/Fees. 

an epic, three-parJ' feature film dramatizing 
three separate periods In the Cuban struggle for 
liberation In order to show the participation of 
Cuban women In that fight. 

" , "extraordinary, "absolutely splendid"," 
-the New York Times . 

Tuesc:kIy. May 20. 7:00 pm 
TIH 107 FREE 



Shimmering Pearls From the Shah 
Student Issues 

Continued (rom page I 
to how students might 
become more involved in 
university decision· making. Continued from page 2 

Dear Shah: In light of the aIlerations 
made against you by the people 0 Iran, I 
would think that a man of your 
invneasurable wealth would have by 
now performed some humanitarian 
gesture to alone for your atrocities and 
silence your critics. Why have you not 
done so? -A.S., Cairo. 

executions were to be as swift and 
painless as possible. LastJy, I left for the 
people of Iran my palace, tiquor cabinet, 
Heet of jets, and most of my personal 
effects. 

HAVANA: Build a big fence , maybe? I 
dunno. • 

Dear Shah: How come I can't get it 
loan anymore? -D. Rockefeller, New 
York. 

Linda Sabo, SBPC 
represertative for UCSD, 
spoke at the Democratiza· 
tion of the Regents 
workshop, encouraging 
pressing the Governor into 
making Regents' appoint. 
ments while he's still 

Dear A.S.: I have tried to silence as 
many of my critics as possible. 
Additionally, hearing of the dire 
situation in Cambodia, I selfishly had 
certain portions of my own body 
removed and shipped over to the 
at.-ving refugees to feed them, in a 
9""boIic and compassionate gesture. 
furthermore, shortly before my 
departure from Iran, I authorized the 
exhumation of bodies from mass graves 
for proper burial. While in power, in a 
memo to the Chief of Secret Police, I 
ordered that under no circumstances 
was more than one limb to be hacked off 
of a political prisoner, and that all 

Dear Shah: I'm a little short of cash 
right now, and I wonder if you'd lend.me 
a coupla million bucks, secured agamst 
my savings account. Whaddaya say? . 
I'm dean now, honest! -B. Lance, 
Atlanta. 

Dear D.R.: Because money isn't tight 
- you are. Financial lending institutions 
are reticent to continue to allow 
Americans to over·consume 
unnecessary items, such as a house, 
food, dothing, etc., and have hence 
tightened their belts. There is a bright 
side, though. This action will restrict 
socioeconomic upward mobility , 
eventually resulting in the creation of a 
classless society. It will also curb the 
influx of illegal aliens irito the US, as the 
crippled, elderly, .and young will be 
forced to go work in the fields in order to 
eke out a meager living. People will 
more greatJy appreciate their leisure 
time, since they will have so little of it. 
Fillally, luxuries will be more cherished, 
like for instance a college education and 
a gallon of gas. 

• Governor. "We might get 
three mini·Jarvises instead of 
Brown appointing three like 
Sheinbaum,'" Sabo warned, 
if the Regent positions 
became elective. 

Dear B.L.: Sorry. Go rob a bank if 
you haven't already tried. 

'Io'fJI.JI.>Io 

Dear Shah: I know who you are and I 
know what you've done. Put a coupla. 
rniloon bucks in a suitcase and leave it in 
the phone booth at the intersection of 
Maple and Elm at exactly one 0' clock 
next Thursday, or else the UN gets the 
photographs. -Anonymous, Atlanta. 

'10*".>10 

CONFIDENTIAL TO F.e. IN 

This was the first time the 
conference has been held 
outside of Sacramento and in 
the spring. "This way, new 
AS (Associated Students) 
officers can get introduced to 
the issues facing the 
university instead of waiting 
until January," . explained 
Todd Spitzer, student 

_lobbyist 

. TEST WIT. CONFIDENCE Academic Interns~ip Program 
TAKE THE UNIVERSITY 
OF SAN DIEGO'S 

'II'IIITION COUBSE 
• Faculty bu:I __ lawyen _d eelucatorL 
• eo.-liDg ....weel both dariDg coune _d after you 

NOeiYe yo. Ll.A.T. _ .. 
• ........ a_ aacl home_1r materiala 

.~~I"""T 1ec:huM. 
• San Diego _: abo .. eel iD ... Aqel .. 

GIld Scm 1'nmci8co. 

Call toll· ..... (800) 223-2618 
ia Scm DIego area caD: (714) 213-4524 
................................................. 

For a ..... brochure caD or writ_ to: LSAT Preparation 
Coane. Uainnity 01 San Diego. San Diego. CA 92110 

t. name' ____ -,-__ ----" ____ _ 

lS) current adclre .. _____ ~ _ _=__ __ 
c:ity· ________ ... tate _ ____ ~ 

ZIP telephone ( 

Going home 
for Summer? 

... and YJOnderlng what to do with 
your books, stereo. and other personal 

effects? 

Stude.nt's Summer Special 
For as little as $27.50 you -can store your 

belongings In sate, convenient MINI-VAULT from 
May 20 (or after) to September 30 (or before). 
Thafs our "Studenfs Summer Special" from ... 

MI 
VAN & STC 
CoI·T-61 153 ICC·tv1C·126340 

Call Now 
287·1550 or 
481-5855 

, 

You can work in a career-related, . 
off-campus placement and earn credit 
through the Academic Internship 
Program. 

Gain practical experience ... 
Apply -what you are learning in the 
classroom ... 
Make yourself more employable ... 
Check out career interests .. . 
Earn academic credit. . 
It's a valuable academic experience. 
You'll work with a faculty advisor in 
developing a research paper topic and 
in setting goals for your internship. 
Each placement is correlated to your 
major and designed to complement 
your academic work. 

HOW MANY HOURS A WEEK 
DO I WORK? 
From 10 to 40 hours a week for 10 or 
20 weeks. 
HOW MANY UNITS OF CREDIT 
IS IT POSSIBLE TO EARN? 
From 4 to 16. 

WILL I GET PAID ( 
Probably not. Who. needs money 
when you're getting education . 
experience and contacts? 

HOW DO I FIND A PLACEMENT? 
We find one- or you can help 
develop your own. 

For more Information, call4S2-4355. 

Scheduled service with no resttictions makes 

Easy on the pocketbook: 
Starting May 13: LA to Shannon; 
only $409 one way, 5747* round 
trip. L.A to Amsterdam; just $419 
one way, $747- round trip. Add 
$25 for our Shannon/Amsterdam 
stop-over flight. Round trip 
fares to both Amsterdam 
and Shannon are 
effective throusdl 
December, 1980. 

Easy to put together. 
No advance purchase require-
ments. No length of stay rules or 
cancellation fees. Plus the option 
to land in one cOuntry and leave 

from another. Call 
'your travel agent or 

call Transamerica 
Airlines toll-free at (8lO) 

228-Slm. ~ fly to more 
places in more countries 

than any other airline. 

TraDalmerlOB 
Airlines 


