
RALLY TODAY A T NOON, REVELLE PLAZA 

The Dailx Guardian 
Volume 39, Number 26 Univenity of California, San Diego Monday, February 1 , 1980 

2~OOO Expected for 
Anti-Draft Rally Today 

Prof Steier, Activist Harris to Speak 
By Jeff Beresford-Howe 

News Editor 
Over 2,000 protesters are expected at 

today's noon rally and class walkout of 
"solidarity and education" against President 
Carter's plan to register young men and women 
for the draft. 

student body president and anti-war activi.t 
David Harris wiD .peak, then about 20 of the 
Students for Peace designated as security 
personnel plan to lead the crowd on their path 
around the univer.ity. . 

Commencing at about 12:30 on Revelle . 

Courts to Decide Draft? 
Rally organizers claimed interest was 

running well ahead of even the response 
sparked by the day care rally three years ago 
which drew 500 people. They also pointed to a 
crowd of over 600 at Friday night's showing of 
the anit-Vietnam War film Hears and Minds as 
evidence of campus interest in their 
movements. 

Plaza, the marcher. plan to wind their way 
through the Revelle dorm., through the Muir 
academic and residence building., the Third 
Lecture Hall, Central Library, Warren 
campua, including the chancellor'. complex 
and the police station, then the main walkway 
between Muir and Revelle. WASHINGTON (AP) - While Congress seems cool toward 

registering women for the draft, legal scholars say no matter 
what happens on Capitol Hill, the courta most likely will have 
the final say on whether women join men in registration lines. 

And in the courts, those advocating the registration of 
women .. well .. men, including President Carter and his 
advisers, are expected to carry the upper hand, say many legal 
expert •. 

"Whichever way it goes in Contrresa, there will be a lUit 
filed," .. yslborn .. EmerlOn, a p-ofeuor of constituti9flallaw 
at Yale Univerlity. "There's nQ way that the courts can avoid 
it." 

The American Civil Liberties Union already has said it wiU 
. .PII!Clsl! turn to page 3 

Plans for the rally, including 12 speakers and 
a march around every major building on 
campus, have been drawn by the San Diego 
Students for Peace. \ 

Also scheduled is a post-rally press 
conference including each of the speakers and 
the organizing committee of the SDSP. 

AS Pre.ident Carlos Montalvo, Literature 
professor Saul Steier and former Stanford 

The crowd will then assemble back on 
Revelle Plaza and hear graduate students Rick 
Nadar and Greg Robinson talk about the 
history' of the draft and the international 
problems in Iran and Afghanistan: Harris 
again, Robin Pugh of the Conuniltee Atrainat 
Registration for the Draft, Andrea Halm, a 
senior at La JoUa High School, Judy 
DiGeMaro of the National Lawyers' Guild, 
Kathryn Crowder of the International 
Auociation of Machni.ts and Carol Rowell Of 
the Center for Women's Studies and Services. 

Next Year's Budget May 
Fall $700,000 Short 
On UCSD Energy Needs 

Study Sa¥s Galifornia Academics 
.l)iscriminate Against Disabled 

By Barry_ Meepo. 
Staff Writer 

The skyrocketing costs of 
energy may translate into a 
$700,000 deficit for the 
UCSD 1980-81 budget. 

By John Hondroa 
Aasoc:iate NeW. Editor 

A UC survey recently completed shows that 
California college. and universities are 
"massively out of compliance" with Section 
504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, a law 
which protects handicapped persons from 
discrimination in academic m.titutions. 

the findings of the survey conducted by the 
Lawrence Han of Science at UC Berkeley, and 
adds that UCSD has been financiaUy unable to 
comply entirely with 504. 

Plea.e fUm to pafe 4 

"Asauming normal weather 
pallerns and based on current 
energy usage and price levels, 
our projections show a 
$250,000 deficit, and if utility 

rates continue to rise, this 
figure could go as . high as 
$700,000," Bob Oakes of the 
UCSD Budget Office said last 
week. 

The problem Oakes said, is 
('strictly a maller of price 
increases." "We prediq level 

Plecue tum to pafe 4 

The law requires academic institutions ) o 
provide both physical and programmatic 
accessibility for disabled persons. 

Randy Woodard, director of UCSD's 
Disabled Students Service, says he agrees with 

Muir Brings Back 'Good Ole Boy' Contact 
By Mark Smith 

One ·fro.h, Ken Pari. of Tenaya 
Hall, thinks Allan MitcheU i. "neat." 

Pari. explains: "I like him. He'l 
bring in a couple of bottles of wine and 
we ju.t ait and talk_ I'm enjoying 
that." 

The freshmen at Muir College also 
think. John C. Wheeler, aaaociate 
~fes~r of chemistry, ~ cool. 
Wheeler, a fine runner, alters hi. 
route enough to pick up an entourage 
for a jaunt to Torrey Pines Park and 
back. . 

Some aren't that fond of the run. 
And Pari. i. no rummy. 

What they all are doing - the 
students at Muir and the prof. - is 
getting back to basics. 

When UCSD was founded the 
dream was to fashion it after 
England'. Oxford University: it 
would be composed of small colleges, 
characterized by intimate 
relation.hips between teachers and 
learner •. 

Muir'. ideas were even more lofty. 
The goals induded the "sharing of 

idea.," ccself discovery" and for the 
""ember." of the college to be 
"eng8;fed in inquiry." Once again-
c,lose ' good ole boy" contact between 
students and teachers. 

Somehow, thing. went awry. A 
Muir study .howed that one of the 
principle reason. for diuatisfaction 
with the college was lack of contact 
with the faculty. 

So at the beginning of the fall 
quarter, lund. were provided for a 
program to try and achieve the 
original aim_ 

Five professors were named the 
"faculty adviser." to a new program 
in which teacher. are to .pend a lew 
hours per week at the dorm., doing 
what they can to manifest the Muir 
goal. 

For their trouble, they receive 
$500 a year. 

Now, the general consensua i. that · 
the program i. .ucceeding. Don 
Raub, r~ident dean of Mwr, tell. of 
thep"~,: 

"What most people don't realize, ia 
that profeuon, lor the moat part, 

really are interested in undergradu-
ates. 

"We .till have no definite direction 
. -in the program. We don't know what 

will and win not work. But, there are 
positive feeling. about the program 
aU around. 
. 'COne of the things that encourages 
us moat i. that the students told us 
they would like to know· the faculty 
advisers. " 

So, associate professor of 
chemi.try Leigh Clark, who 
dirnbl mountains, .hares his fear. 

an~ hopes about the wild with the 
"Wilderness House" captiv~ 01 
TIO(J8 Hall. 

"It'. ~t to have professors in the 
house,' said Brett Smith, a freshman. 
"Professor aark even helped me with 
midterm.. Plus he bring. hiking 
magazines." 

"It'. a pretty good program," 
a.rreeCI House Adviser Jim Lepanto 
of Ten.ya. "It breaka down ·the 
stereotyped imqea of professors and 
lets you see the real teachers. It 
~courages interaction, gets you 

away from the academic • . " 
One of the teachers, Donald 

Wesling, associate profes.or of 
liter ature at Muir, has gone whole hog 
and moved hi. office to TIOga. 

"Nothing muc~ happened in the 
fint quarter," Wesling said. "It takes 
time. One day this girl came in and I 
helped her rewrite her law school 

a~ication. The word spreads_ 
'Someti~, we teach the kid. how 

to ~epare for exam •. " 
W esling aI.o found member.hip on 

the H-Hou.e soccer team a boon to 
hi. work. 

"One time· the team came to .. my 
house for dinner," Wesling recaUed. 
We watched German Soccer on TV. 
In between and after we talked 01 
other thing •. We .wap records and 
book •. 

"It'. working better now than the 
first quarter." 

Raub believes UCSD ia on the way 
to achieving the aim of the Oxford 
model. 

"It' a no sm_"'" IUcceta," he 
admits. CCBut I do think it ia • 
meanin8ful fint step." 



• 

Editorial 

End the Draft Now 
Early in the 1960s, the United States, seduced by 

already archaic notions among military and political 
leaden about "international" communism, gradually 
slipped into a desperately futile war in Indochina. 
Hundreds of thousands of lives were lost on both sides 
before the American people, their attention captured 
by demostrating coUege students on campuses across 
the nation, forced public officials to admit thay had 
engaged the country in a war that was none of their 
business. 

, The Daily GUardiUl Monday, Peb. 12,1980 

Leners to the Editor 

Last week President Carter announced his plan to 
require registration for the draft by eight million 
American men and women who will pass their 19th 
and 20th birthdays this year. Under Carter's plan, 
which must be approved by Congress, about 12 
million young people would be subject to the draft by 
the end of 1981. (Carter's call for the registration of 
women, is a move we oppose for the same reasons we 
oppose registration in general. If the government can 
demonstrate a, legitimate need for re-establishing a 
draft system, activists should then confront the 
question of whether women should serve in the armed 
forces with men even though American state 
Iegillaton refused to pall the Equal Rights 
Amendment.) 

Taiwan Neither Free Nor Open 

ThiI time 'the excuse is not even as dramatic as 
"stopping conununism." The government, instead of 
moving immediately to ration gasoline and find 
altemative energy sources, wants, to protect the oil 
route through the Persian Gulf from a possible threat 
&om Soviet troops_ It is not hr~rbolic to say that a 
war for the Persian Gulf would be a war for the oil 
companies; nor is it oudandish to sug,est that 
Pre.ident Carter (who won in last night,S Maine 
presidential caUaJSel ) knew the political capital he 
could make out of a call for draft registration rather 
than a demand for a 30 percent cutback in national 
guoline consumption. 

We don't think people should be sent to war over oil 
routes and oil profits. " 

If you don't, skip your early afternoon c1a~stoday 
to attenJ a rally in the ReveUe Plaza. If you ar,e a 
profellOr with an early afternoon class scheduled, 
either cancel or recap at your next class what you 
planned to cover today. It took college students and 
teachers to open America's eyes to the waste of 
Vietnam; perhaps we can help deliver the anti-war 
message this time before one life is lost. 

, . 

Editor.: 
1ne letter from C. Wain 

(Doily Guardian, Jan. 30) 
about "Taiwan·free China" 
contains leriow distortion., 
that call for clarification. 

First , although the 
g~verning authority in Taiwan 
label. itself as free China, 
Taiwan i. neither free nor 

Second, the anti-American 
gathering in T ~pei in which an 
American .pecial envoy was 
Injured, was well known here 
(d. LA Time. on that incident) 
as well as in Taiwan to be 
stage-managed by the ruling 
'authority in Taiwan. Wain'. 
attempt to put blames upon 
Shih Ming-teh leads one to 
.~t his real intention. 

Wh!7M~t Bade,,;;"';rn" 
Draft Pay Opposition? 
Editor: 

I pay student tee. here. I have to. If I don't, I can't attend 
daues. Out of my fees the Associated Students government i. 
funded. 

AI. article in the Feb. 6 Doily Guardian indicated that the AS 
i. using some of my money to fund an anti-draft rally today. 

I strongly disqree with the intent of that rally. I feel it i. vital to 
the existence of our country ,to immediately register, draft and 
train our people to give a credible response to Soviet aggression. 

Many on campus disagree with me. Okay, that'. politics. Aa a 
general rule, we get the best answers when both sides of question 
are freely clscussed and debated. The key word is free, as in 
freedom, and that includes the freedom to IUpport a given 
political opinion, or to .upport its antithesi.. So why i. the 
coercive power 01 this univer.ity being used-to force me to pay 
for the advancement of a political cause which I find morally 
abhorrent? 

PA TRICK A. McCOMBS 

Lack of Imagination at Root of Registration 
Editor: instead rai.es the specter of denying them their freedom the armed forces. (Thi. early 

We are in an era when this the past and a country to choose and their ability to 1980 • ".oldier gap" is'oddly 
nation's undivided attention splintered once again into inOuence their own futures. reminiscent Of the early 
.hould be foc~ . upon the oppo.ing camps: old and 1960. "miuilegap";bothin 
grave d~":Ies~c I~Ues . of young, hawks and doves, I'm sure that more foreign policy-dominated 
energy, ~vil nght., Inflation those able to afford dodge. imaginative solution. than election years.) Such 
and environmental hazards. and tho.e who cannot. He the draft can be sought if alternatives .hould look not 
With hi. intention to restore propo.es to force people into indeed there is a demonstra- only at an expansion of 
the draft the President joining an organization, ble need for more people in volunteer opportunities for 

women but also include other 
groups in and out of the labor 
force, e.g., job leaves for 
people over 30 and senior 
citizen •. 

Needles. to say, the 
military .hould also take a 
hard look at its own 
personnel policie. and 
procedures to reduce the 
turnover rate. 

Those of us who are 
concerned about the draft 
have the right to react when 
our personal futures ~ that 
of those we care about are at 
stake. We aIao have the 
responsibility not to allow 
government leaders and 
other citizens to simplify this 
merely into an either-or iuue. 
We must encour,..e the 
.eekint out 01 wider anawen 
and .oIutiona. 
MICHAFL HULF ACfOR 

accu.ation about "non-
peaceful political activities" of 
Shih Ming,teh, he and hi. 
oppo.ition leader. advocate 
non·violent political refonn •. It 
is the Taiwan Jovernment 
which orchestrat a series of 
physical assaults on Shih's 
foUower. prior to Kaoh.iung 
incident . It i. also the 
government which wiUfully 
provoked disorder. by dashing 
riot -control tanks and 
throwing teargas grenades 
into peaceful civilians 
gathered on Human Right 
Day. A. a matter of fact, mo.t 
opposition leader. who are 
now under arrest had already 
left the scene when serious 
confrontation. between police 
and local people erupted. 

Wain ii right only when he 
implied that "the door of 
Taiwan ... " .houId be "wide 
open for investigation by 
anyone who i. .incerely 
interellted in human right.... I 
wish he were speaking lor the 
governin'g authority in 
Taiwan. Thi. is exactly what 
we and all other. interested in 
human rights have been 
fighting for yean, but 

,unsuccessfully. Amnelly 
International had plentiful 
experience of fru.tration and 
failure when they requested to 
attend the so called "open 
trial." in Taiwan. 

M.H.LAI 

'Meet Early 
To Save Oil 
Editor: 

Yes, this is another letter 
about the anti-draft 
registration movement-but 
not whether it is right or wrong, 
but about the time. the 
meeting. are held. 

I live in Cardiff and .pend 
an hour and half on three 
buses to get home, so it i. 
impossible for me to .tay until 
7 or 8 pm for a meeting. I am 
very interested in doing my 
part for the anti-draft 
registration movement, yet I 
am .tiOed because I am trying 
to conserve energy and not 
allow the very forces behind 
the war threat (big oil 
companies) to conb'Ol my 
tran.portation situation. 

It seem. rather ironic to be 
again.t fighting a war for the 
oil companies, yet excluding 
the very people who are trying 
to get out from under their 
clutchea now. So how about 
earlier M~i~N MILLER 

Monday, Feb. 12,1980 The Dally GuardiUl 

DOONES8URY 

Draft aimed at Courts 
Continued from page 1 
challenge any attempt to 
register only men. "The day 
that the president signs male 
only registration, we will be in 
courts, " vowed David 
Landau, a staff attorney in the 
ACLU's Washington office. 

Phyllis Schlafly, a leading 
opponent of the Equal Rights 
Amendment and harsh critic 
of, women's registration, said 
she will focus her efforts on 
Congress , whi ch mus t 
approve such registrations. 

"There's no way Congress 
will register women," she 
insisted in an interview. But if 
unsuccessful on Capitol Hill, 
she does not rule out some 
court action, although the 
basis of such a suit on 
constitutional grounds is not 
clear. 

After Carter announced 
Friday that he wants to register 
both men and women 18 and 
19 years of age, White House 
officials said a major actor in 
the decision was the prospect 
of court challenges if women 
were excluded. 

If the president had decided 
to register only men, said 

,Sarah Weddington, a lawyer 
and presidential adviser on 
women's issues, "there was a 
feeling that a lawsuit against 
Carter would be successful" in 
light of a number 01 recent 
Supreme Court rulings on 
women's equality. 

POsitions for 1980 
Freshman Orientation 
leaders are now 
posted In the 
Student Employment 
OffIce. Get a referral 
slip from Student 
Employment and pick 

upyoura~k)aftonln 
the Warren Provost 
OffIce. 

Carter said in a statement 
his decision to include women 
"is a recognition of the reality 
that both men and women are 
working members of our, 
society ... There is no 
distinction possible, on the 
basis of ability or perfor-
mance." 

A number of experts on 
constitutional law agree. They 
note that when the all· male 
draft was in effect, various 
court challenges were rebuffed 
on the grounds that military 

neces~ity and nati?nal defense 
outWeighed consI(ieration of 
sexual equality. 

The Supreme Court has yet 
to hear a draft case. But a 
string of lower court decisions 
since 1971 have tended to 
open new avenues for women 
in the military: the admission 
of women to service 
academies; women's equal 
consideration in the awarding 
of ROTC scholar. hips; and 
assignment of women on a 
broader range of Navy ships, 
even temporarily on combat 
ships. 

Syria to Stay 
in Lebanon 

BEIRUT, Lebanon 
Reports that Syria was 
reconsidering its decision to 
withdraw its peacekeeping 
force. from trouble-ridden ' 
Beirut appeared to have eased 

tensions in this embattled city 
yesterday. 

Sniping stopped ovemight 
and at dawn, civilian traffic 
intensified along the 
"greenline" highway that 
divides Beirut into Moslem 
and Christian halves. 

l}1e leftist newspaper, As 
Saf!r, known for its strong 
Synan connections, said the 
withdrawal had been deferred 

an~ the 5,000 Syrian troops in 
Beirut would continue to police 
the green line and other 
potential flashpoints. 

, Hostages Enter 
Day 100 in Iran 

IRAN - A group of 
Americans on a private visit to 
I ran met for four hours 
yesterday wi th Moslem 
militants occupying tfae US 
Embassy in Tehran but did not 

Nortb CO .. ~ ........ CeaWr 
.. J:naa R.aad. Sid .. 10'1 

1111'& .... 
.... Il00 

HABREAmOF 
SPRING!" 

IUIIITII CUII', _ v ....... 

8-

I TONIGHT, 7:30 PM r~---· 
USB 2622 

G.A. $2.00 UCSD Students $1.50 
sponsored by the UCSD French Club 

in French with English subtitles 

see the 50 American hostages 
who .pent their 99th day in 
captivity, Western journali.ts 
reported. 

The Americans' visit came 
as Iran prepared for what 
Tehran Radio called a "grand 
military parade" Monday to 
celebrate the first anniversary 
of the Islamic revolution that 
ousted Shah Mohammad 
Reza Pahlavi. 

Coal Plan 
Means Pollution 

WASHINGTON - An 
Environmental Protection 
Agencr memo says President 
Carter s plan to convert 
dectric power plants to coal 
would add almost 600,000 
tons of .ulfur dioxide pollution 
to the nation'. atmosphere 
each year. 

I 

by Garry Trudeau 

The memo rdeased last 
week.aid 230,000 tons of the 
pollution would cover the 
Northeast, an increase of 25 
percent in that region. 

Pot 'Initiative 
Draws Voters 

SACRAMENTO -About 
10,000 young people have 
regi.tered to vote in order to 
~~ ~titions for a marijuana 
Initiative, say. the director of 
the campaign. 

"The marijuana initiative, if ' 
we're able to 'get it on the 
ballot, would have a 
demonstrable effect on voter 
turnout," G:0rdon Brownell, 
western director of the 
National Organization for the 
Reform of Marijuana Law. 
said last week. ' 

~~PIZ 
DESSERTS • SAlADS 

4-S1·-9t49t1 
1--,·22OiICarnoI_Road''''''_ , 



The Dally Guardian Monday, Peb. 12, 1980 

UC Report Show~ Coll~ges 
Discriminate Against Disabled 

Energy Budget to be Short? 

. 'b' • revealed through the one hour 
_.J Ir " ....... 1 WlIverll es II he " ed tud nt Condnu_ om -~ . exam The problem is that t Impatr s e 

UCSD baa complied with the programma~ 't . write that fast, ' and profeaaorl are 
. •• -, the Jaw such as Special can " he 

reqwremen.. UI , _>_1_ hich t unwiUing to change, says. . . .th 
counaeIint lel'Vicea and noteuaaen w mus The report, charg«;s t~ um:,er~lty WI 
be fuIy implemented by June 1980, Woodard "discriminatory' practices, InCluding. di bled 

s ' _ Instructors opting to exdude sa sa~ it.. lot of people are aware ~ the law, but the students from classes; . 
boltom line is that there IS no money to _ Non-relocation of inacce55lb1e classes to 
implement it" Woodard says. "If we are ~o allow disabled students participa~n; . and 
rf!..xw ardut~tural barriers, we need e _ Non-modification of examlnatJon~ 
money to do it. D' bl d examination procedures to ensure that a disabl.e 

TIle UC report, Disabling t~e ISO e; student's achievements rather than hiS 
Discrimination in Higher Education, says that disability are being evaluated; . .. 
50 cent of the academic departments _ Individual instructors opting to lanut the J:i reported illegal and discriminatory use of auxmary aides, such as tape recorders, to ~iea while 54 percent of individual f~u1ty disabled students. . _ . 
members recognized at least. one Illegal Woodard say. thes~ dlsc.nmmatory 
pertonnel policy regarding the dis~ed:. actices persist because there IS a lack of 

At least one department in ever.y U\I~tulJon ~standing . by the facul,?, and staff of the 
practiced active discrimination &gamst disabled needs of disabled studenb. 
DeCJDIe, the report says. . " f" . ..... .:..:..------~------'_:__I 
- Woodard say. he receIVes very ew 
compIaiata from ciaabled students at DSS 
about the failure 10 comply completely with 
504 bullhat the rnaioritY of gripes are abo· .. t 
.. ~ and proInIon." 

"The problem is educaling the faculty to ~ 
needI 01 disabled students, particularly With 
thole of the deaf and blind," Woodard says. 

"The standard of excellence at all 

Recycle 
this 
Newspaper 

Continued (rom "Ofle 1 
or slight decreases in energy 
consumption here. 

Energy usage at UCSD 
decreased by over 30 percent 
in the last couple of years, 
mainly in "plain wasteful 
areas," according to Don 
Siles chairman of the Energy 
Con;erv ation Committee. 

Both Oakes and Sites agree 
that the financial problem 
cannot be solved by lowering 
consumption. . 

"We are already gOlOg 
along with President Carter's 
thermostat guidelines and 
cutting down in ';lt~r .ar~s, 
but there is a dehnlte hmlt to 
how much energy you can 
save," Oakes said. 

Sites suggested that to 
further decrease energy 
consumption by . any 
significant ,!,agn~tl:'de 
nece55itates dosUlg bulldmgs 
or terminating programs. The 
projected deficit was reported 
in the ) 980-1981 budget 
proposal submitted to 
President Saxon last week. 
The systemwide Bu~~et 
Office is currently organlzmg 
with the state Department of 
tll1ance to cover UCSD's 

navigational aids, IIUCh as NAVSTAR GPS, Repreae, ,taIi .. s from Gene~ Dynamics automatic lest equipment for the F-18 ... 
EIectroIIIc:s DMIion wi. be visiting your range measurement systems fer use by III 
campus this fal to talk 10 you about .. branches of the armed forces. . 
hlgh-tech:1OIogy eIectronica opportunities To learn more about the EIee1roIIics OMsion 
wIItin our growing company. Our San ~ and San nw..-, c:onI8c:t )'OUr Plac:etnen! 0Ifice. 
location amaI-c:ompany atmosphere and big .,...., Col RelIJIIiOnS ~~. can .......u4a rewarding Or. send your resume to: ege . 

.-..... w t"'V.- wth and Coorclnator, Genere/ Dynamics ElectroniCs 
career dewlopmer:l, profelSional gro Division, Drawer XG. Mail Zone 7.32, P. O. Box 
pereonaJ satilfactlon. high-technology 81127, San Diego, CA 92138. 

Some of our c:wrent ....... rtd wide An Equ81 Opportunity Employer MlFIH projeda Include; SateIite-ba ___ , wo -

.. EBRUJ&RY19 
Electronics Division 

projected deficit. 
The energy· related deficit 

problem has also hit other UC 
campuses. 

"The Southern California 
campuses just can't keep up 
with the rising price of energy, 
despite increased revenues 
from the state," Oakes said. 
(UCSD received an additional 
$500,000 for energy from the 
state for the ) 980·1981 
budget.) 

"There's just no way to 
predict something like ~ 40 
percent increase in the pnce of 
natural ~as, which happened 
recently, ' he said. 

The inevitability of further 
rate increases, compounded 
by the Jarvis II. threat , leaves 
the present ener~ consump' 
tion level at UC.,D much 10 
doubt . . 

Respond~:,g . to. the 
"hypothetica~ . situahon of 
increased ubbty rates and 
Jarvis II's passing, Sites 
suggested that buildings may 
have to be dosed on weekends 
or programs cut. "You have to 
pay your utility bills and 
there's no way out of it." Sites 
said. 

~ 
lIWoris math 
-·, ..... isZen 

a9 
,,"-,JIIoI" a 10. 

Especially for 
Valentine's Day. So 
if you've got a 10 o'n 
your mind, now is the 
time to send him or 
her "very special , 
Valentine: The 
FTD Valentine Bud 
Vase. It'll work, be-
cause 10's know they 
deserve the best. 
The FTD valentine Bud 
vase is usually evallable for 
I ... lhan $10.00. AI an in-
dependent bu,inellman, 
each FTO FlOrist Iell his 
own prices. Service Charges 
and delivery may be . 
additional. Moat FTO 
Florist, accept American 
Expr_ and other major 
credit cards. Ct880 Fiori",' 
Transworld Delivery. We 
send 110-. WOItclwide. 

HelpiDf yoU 
sayitript. 

Monday, Peb.12, 1980 

Guardian pnoto by Wes Goodwin 
Senior Triton hurler Tom Nicholson lets oul a notch on his fastball 

Saturday in UCSD's easy sweep of LA Baptist doubleheader 13-3 
alld 22-0 The Tritons travel to USDtomorrow in search of their third 
"p.a~nn win. 

A diamond is f'ore\u. 
But what about the P!ace 

that sold· it to 
We've been selling fine jewelry for over 60 years. And we ~ 

every diamond we seU with a written guarantee. That even in-
dudes our lowest priced wedding set that costs as little as $250. 

50 let us be your jeweler. You won', have to worry whether or 
not well be around if you need us. 

Open a Weisfield's account. Or use 
'Mastercharge, Visa or American Express. 

n.. mond> only • 1S% of( weddlllllleb with UCSD Clll'd. 

La Jolla Village Square • -455~17ao 

Put on a pair of Noppy Sandals, 
and hundreds of tiny fingers will massage 
your feet with every step take. 
BIRKENSTOCK 
NOPPYS 

-------------- --------. 
I . 
I 10% off one pair I 
I of Noppys or Birkenstocks : 
: with this ad I 
I I 
-------expires February 18, 1980-••••• ", 

Birkenstock of La Jolla 
1111 Proepect St . 

"5"~7577 

The Dally Gu~rdian 

Triton Bats Pass Sentence on 
LA Baptist with Extra Bases 

By Tun Liotta . 
SeniOr Staff Writer 

Triton bats exploded for 
nine extra basehits Saturday 
when UCSD swept a double 

. header from the LA Baptist 
Mustang. 13-3 and 22-0. The 
Tritons dominated the 
afternoon, outhitting the 
Mustangs, 31 -5 and scoring in 
all but two innings. 

LA Baptist scored first in 
the first game but once UCSD 
came to bat the end was never 
in doubt. Centerfielder Breit 
Sandstrom, last year's leading 
hitter , rocked Mustang 
eitching for two triples and 
Eric Zimmer belted his first 
career home run as a Triton. 

" It was the best pitch I've 

ever seen," Zimmer joked 
after the game. "I didn't think 
it would go out." 

Tony Hicklin, Triton 
Designated Hitter, hit the ball 
sharply every time he came to 
bat, collecting two base hits. 

The Daily Gual'dian 

Sports 
. Bob Allen, first baseman, hit a 
single, double and a triple. 

Despite these fine 
performances, Mark Sharpe 
had the toughest bat for the 
Tritons in the first game, 
rapping a single and a long 
triple in 4 RBIs. 

The second game saw the 
Tritons dominating once 
again. 

Second baseman Dean 
Scarafoni swatted two lingles 
and lined a triple to right center 
field, and collecting 3 RBIs in 
the nightcap. Pat McGovern's 
bat also came alive in the 
second game when he ripped 
Baptist pitching for three hib. 

Probably the brightest note 
for the Tritons was the solid 
performances by the pitching 
staff. Coach Askey limited his 
staff to only a short outing, 
which is customary !h;s early 
in the season. Senior Tom 
Nicholson started out shaky 
but settled down to strike out 

Pkase film to pafle 9 

Beware ot the quick eye examination and contact 'ens tit. It may be 100 qu ick. The best eye e.aminallon and 
contact lens tilting is pa instaking. methodical . thorough. and consists of numerous lests. A minimum 
number ot 4 visits is requ ired to achieve a proper fit. Our off ice is equipped with the most sophisticated. ad. 
vanced and computerized instrumentation in the world in order to achieve the best eye examination and 
contact .,ens filting possible. 

All contact lens fiting Include a written agreement that allows you to return your contacts and receive are. 
fund at your discretion with a specific period of lime. 

If you've been think ing about contacls. visit San Dlego's most technologically·advanced optometric office 
today. Our large library of lenses allows us to send you home with your new contacts the same day they are 
fitted in most cases. 

Call today for an appoinlment , tree consultation or informatlon packet explaining soft , flexible. hard. toric 
(for correction of astigmatism) sott. and extended wear (24·hour) contact lenses. 

Dr. D. A. Rorabaugh I A8soc'atH, 
Optometrists 

1939 Grand Avenue • Pacific Beach. CA • 272.2211 

Masterc". and VISA accepted 

Sacco and Vanzeftl . . . . . . . . . .. Feb 15 
The Palestinian ............. '" Feb 22 
Chuqulago .................. Feb 29* 
Rebellion In Patagonia. . . . . . . . . Mar 7 
State of Siege ................. Mar 14 

fridays at 7 pm, UCSD TUf 107 
*TLH 104 . 

sponsored by the committee for WOOd democracy and 
thIrd world studies 



• 
The Daily Guardian 

Academic Services 
MONDAY ntRU FRIDAY 
Do you have worbtuliy? Are you without a workll~y job? Come to 
C-- PIanninI &: Placement and _ if you qualify (or one 01 the 
...... -uaildy poIiIiona at UCSO. Location: Sldg B. Studenl 
CAn •. 
OASIS W,.. Ceneer oIIenlree..mce lor all UC~~ atudentl who 
.... wrilinI help cooIere .. cea on dralb. and editinI adVICe. We 

.... kind 01 ~ and any kind 01 wriIinc problem. Cau =2B4~8:15amloacheduieanappoi~tordropinUSB 
4070 8:30.4:30 pm. ConIerence. are a1ao avalla~ MondaY16·8 

at 4070 USB and Sunda~ at The Third Plac:e (acrOiI ~ &he Munch a;;;. Third ). 
10 _.3 pIII- OASIS TARGET SKILLS Seminar C.~40· 1 
Library Seuch every hour on the hour horn lOam · 3 pm In 
USB. ladividual inlbuclion a~ailable. Call 452·2284 or come by 
4010 USB for more __ bon. Servic:ea are free. 
M()N)AY 
e:OO • 9:10 _ - ReveIe Humanitie. ~t Brainato:'!": W ~ daaa for Revelle 1I..dent. en~ ~ led .'" Humantbe. 
Sequence 12B • Hut-. Preparation for wnbng directed 81 your ~ auipment. au. meeta in 4010 USB. SponlOred by 
OASIS Wrilini Center. 
2:00.3:00 .... - GAADUA TFJPROFESSIONAL ADVISI~ 
SESSIONS .1nIenMI adviIinI meet .... Corne to Career P\anninIJ 
• ~ IIuMnI B. SIuII.nt Ceneer. 
7:00. 11:00 - FOCUS it a peer courwelint heIpIine. Weare 
.... 10 ...... ~ ... we're 01*' ~ niaht 1.11 pm. 452-4455. 
nE!DAY 
Dll n .. a:l ,iii ..... r ...... f. W ..... CoIIep 
o.t ttl_ a...Ian f ..... .-. • . 

ReftIe HumaniIiea Auipment Brainatorm· t: . 9:10 :"-far Revelle atudenta enniIed in ·Hurnan~ ~2B • P'win., Preparatiol:' lor ~ at your 
........... ·S UMnt. au. ........ m 4070 U . 5paMared by 
OASIS Wrilint CeaIer. 
10:00. 12:00 _ - Attend"Job SIraIesiea WorIuhop· it will co:. ~ 01 the job aearch. from idenlifyil1ll employera to 
ealary ....--. Location: North Comm- Room. 
10:00 • _ - Drop-in hour. lor Phyaical and ~ 
Sc:iaIaa Ma;on are available to help you with your ~- and ~ 
...... concema. Came by 6205 Urey Hal at any time convenient 
to you. 

2-- 1:00 Ca n...:..... Ad~" aesaionl . informal 1 ...... .. - ,.. ~and- Soc'_I ' St·...J ....... •• to 
...... mealinp lor Humaniliea ~ .......... 
npIcn oc~tlonaI pouih·litr. Place: Mlar Apt Lounge. 
1:00 • 3:00 .... - Orop-in houri for Phraical and En.ginori"'~!elrril. 0'l1li'1 
ScienaIa . are available to help you with your career and ~ 
huntinI =.. Come by 4422 Mayer Hall at any time 
mnvenient 10 you. 

• 00 _ BuiIdina aeIf confidence through the Mo .. Ce .. Plan. ~ ~.: Bob Moll. Location: ilL Ubrary Playback 
II\IInIdionaI Room. 
4:00 • 5:15 pm - AneRi_ Traininll: Open to men .~ 
_ undertIJaduate and graduate lIudenta. for lIudenta. ~~ 
t be more confident and cornIortabie in meeting other •• I.Nllaling 
::'_tiona. and ineeractintr with othera in a more rewardms way. 
Cal facilitator Hutrh Palea a1l1349O to aign up. Meet. al the Revelle 
Cowwe!or'. o/fic:e. 

WEDNESDAY 
10:00 • 11:00 am _ Career Optiona Advilins Sessiona · info~ 
dviling meetingl lor Humanities .lnd Social ScIence Studenll. to 

a ..J-- t·onat ..... ·:L:Iit:- Location' Warren Provoll OIflCe. U~.~W~I ~~-. . 
10:00 • 11:00 am - Do you need help in prepa~ .Ior . job 
interviewl? Some ti.,. on the beat waYI to present yourqualificabonaJob and what kind of interview q"ueotionl to expect. Allend the 
InteMewin& Workahop. in Student Center. North Conference 
Room. No aian'u.,. neeellary. 
12:00 • 1:30 pm - uti", I)jIO~erl Group - ~ you binp ~nd 
then I .. tto purge yourself 01 the loOd? Po you IOmetunel tIop eabng 
or reduce your lood intake to the poini wh~ either yo.u or othera feel 
.... endangers your heakh? 1/ 10. caillaClIi!Ator Mlnam Levens at 
x3755. location: Warren College PrOVOIt I Ofllce. 
3'00 • 5:00 pm - A lpecial program for H&SS lreahmen. ~orel and juniOI'l . ~eI~~ an Em~rable Degree. A 
liberal arll degree i. valuable '" the job marke~ . 1 rou plan ahead. 
'Thil program wiD oller information on academIC ,kil .. and how ~ 
relate to actual jobs. A ~nel 01 people experienc~ ~ evalua~I"I 
college Itudenll lor employment will ahare their mpre ... ~nl 
reprding thing. you can plan to enhance your lutureernployability. 
location: North Conference Room. 
3:30 • 5:00 pm - Teat Anxiety .Reduction. W~ah.op . For 
1Iuden!. uperiencing high anxiely duri!'l tell ta~ng IIt~tiOOI. The 
purpcMe 01 thia group iI to .educe anXIety. Inlpoe conlideroc~! and 
. perI-.~e on "'11. Open to all .tudenll. Call facilitator tmprove ... "-~ ", . Co 10 ' 011' Hu,h Patea x3490 to ailn up. MeeD at ReveDe unae r I ICe. 

11fUlSDAY 
9:00 • 10:00 _ - Revelle Hurnanilin Aa~t 8ntinat~ : 
Sma. daaa lor Revelle .t..denta enroIed in Humantbe. aequenc~ B . OIodorow. Preparation lor writi"ll directed at your 
.,.rticuIar aaaigrwnent. 0.11 meets in 4010 USB. Sponaored by 
OASIS Writina Center. 
9:00 • 10:00 MIl - Weight Management ~. The ~ 01 ~OUP ilto help .tudenll find ways to "!odily ea~'"IJ habitl ~nd 

IUpporl .y*"" to achieve and ~nta'" weight reduction. 
The lloal 01 the llroup ilto develop new habib a~ meiltoda that can 
Iaat a lifetime. Diane EvaMand Joan Schick. facilitatOfl. <;aU Becca 
at x3755 to aian up. Meet. at 412 Warren Campua. Room 5. 

10.00 • 11 :00 am - Revelle Humanities Aaai~ 
Brai';"orm: Small group clall lor Revelle .~I' enr~. '" 
Humanitiea aequence 11 B . Wierachin. Pre~rah':l" for wriIInII 
directed at .,our particular auitJrvnent. Clall meet. on 4070 USB. 
Sponaored by OASIS Writing Center. 
4:00 • 5: I ~ pm - Goal Settil1lland Overcoming Pr~raltination! 
Thi. group it aimed at helping .tudenll ~eIop pro:cerure. lor 
effective goal aettil1ll and attainment. Thia group will I~ • . on 
.pecific. practiJ:al way. 01 overc~ inertia and proc:ra.lI~tl()f\ 
which hinder the achievement 01 preVlOUaIy ..,tlloal •. CaD facilita~ 
Hl1IIh Pates at x3490 to aign up. Meetl at Revelle Counaelor I 
OIlice. 

FRIDAY 
10:00 • 12:00 _ - Reaume critiq~ & job ~h advi~ing 
_iona lor Humanitiea & Social Scieroce rnaJOfI. Revlew. 
brain.torm and develop your perlOll8l job atrategie •. Come to Bldg 
B-Student Center. 

Recreation 
MONDAY 
3:00 • 5:00 pm - Lacroaae Club practice Revelk F.Id . 
3:30 • 5:00 pm - Judo Club practice Wre.tIing Rm .• Main 
4.00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnastics aub . polllOfi open ... ·ork:rull. ~.Frida)'. 4.6 pm. in the .~th. Balcony 01 the Ma:n 
Any UCSD affiliatel interelted In JOII1II1II ua are welcome. 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - TableT ennia aub meell today for open pia) ' 
the Rec . Confereroce Room. 
5:00 pm _ Karate Club practice North Bakony. Main Gym. 
5:00 • 7 :00 pm - Yoga Club meeting Adaptive Rm. Main 
6:00 pm - Snow Ski Club Meeting. HL Audit~m. . 
6:30.8:00 pm - Aikido Club practice. W~t~ng Room. 
8:00 pm _ IAraeli Folk Dancing. Re<:: Coni. Rm. 

EntertainDlent 
WEDNESDAY 
11:00·2:00 pm - Program Board and RHB: Valentine', Day. 
flower and Candy saleA: SOc a piece or $1 .00 lor both. Location: 
Revelle Plaza. 
4:00 pm - UCSD New Poetry Seriea reading. leaturing Clayton 
Eshleman. location: Revelle Formal Lounge. . Meetings 

7 

.' 

ReligiQD 
M.ONDAY 
12:00 noon - Bible Iludy. Stude:-ot Center loUnge . upetaire. 

nJESDAY 
12:00 noon - Dr. Jonathon Saville. Auociate Prol_ 01 
literature. apeak. on "Franz Roaenzweig" in the "Portrait. 01 Faith" 
Seriel. Location: Inlormal LoWllle. Revelle College. Sponacnd by 
Office 01 Religious Allai". 
3:00 pm - LDSSA Old Teatamenl cia ... At LOS lnatitute 8Cr0ll 
the Itreet Irom Muir. 

nJESDAY 
2:30 pm _ Men'l baaeball v •. USD, away . nUJRSDAY 

3 '.00 • 5:00 pm _ Ultimate Friabee practice Revelle Field. 7:00. 8:49.nd 10:30pm- Dr. Slranlle/oue . Theclalficaatire01 
MONDAY 
4:00 pm - CaIPIRG. a student-directed public intere.t group 
meets In the KSDT/CalPIRG Office. 

7:00 pm - School 01 Chriatian Studiea. by Campua CnMade F. 
Chrill. serving the spiritual needl 01 UCSO .ludenll. every T ueaday 
night. Everyone welcome! Location: HSS 1330. the cold war ltarring Peter Selle .. and George C. Scott. Directed by 

4:00 .. 6:00 pm - Gymna.tic. Club open IUpervised worko~I .1I Stanly Kubrick. AIIo: Hungry Kook Gae. &Il:ook. an hilarious live 
the South Balcony 01 the Main Gym. action spool on ROadrunner cartoon's . winner of four awards. 5:45 pm - KSDT Newl Stalf Meeting . Anyone interelted in 

reporting. writing or annourocing newl i. welcome. Location: KSDT 
StudiOi. Student Center. 

7: 30 pm .... "The Que.t for a Biblical Roeetta Stone. "led by 
Campus Pattor John Huber in the Iowwe 01 lJniveraity Lutheran 
Church (aero .. the Itreet from Urey HalT parkinllot.) Everyone it 
welcome. 

5:00 pm _ K-arate Club practice North Balcony. Main Gym. Localion:'USB 2722. Admillion $1.50. 
5:00 • 5:45 pm _ Judo Club practice: Wreetling Room. 7:30 pm - A documentary film in Englith (tranalation) 01 the 

revolution in Iran. Nigltl of Deatiny, in USB 2122. Running Time: 
5:00 • 6 :30 pn - The Bellydancing Club is now meeting 90 minutes. 
Tueaday . 5.6:30 pm. in the Ret Coni Rrn . A great way to 

7:00 pn - Surfing Club and Team meeting. Mandatory for team 
members. contelt this Saturday. Diacuuiona: film . Lowenbrau 
Contelt. Location: HSS 2150. 

9:00 pm - Bible .tudy. Univeraity Lutheran Chur.:h. 

ahape! . llfURSDAY 
6:00 pm _ Women'l baaketball VI. Poinl Lorna College, fRIDAY 1l1ESDAY 

3:00 pm - LDSAA Old T ellament c ..... LOS InatituIe &CraM the 
Itreet from Muir. 

Gym. . 7:00 pm - Fibn: Sacco and Vanutti. A re-creation 01 the 
7 :00 pm - Valentine Bake In and ~tivery Service. Spc)f'l llored,- inlamoul 1920'1 Irarneup and execution 01 two Italian immigrants. 4:00 pn - Media. Arts and Promotion board meeting. 7:00 pm - "Faith. Sciena and the Future" 1Iudent/lacuIty dilcuuion continue. in the Iounfe 01 Univeraity Lutheran Church, 

9595 La Jolla Shore. Drive. next to UCSD. Warren Apt and Campul Ret. location: Wanen Apt Sponsored by Committee lor World Democracy. Localion: TLH 7:30 pm _ Men'. volleyball VI. UC Rive"ide. away . 107 Admisaion i. free. 
4:30 pm - Reg Fee Committee Meeting . Intercollegiate Athletic.' 
Budget wiD be diacuued. Location: Student Allaifl Conference 
Room Building B. 

WEDNESDAY 
2:30 pn _ Women'l tenru. VI. Occidental College. Away. 
3:00 pn - Men'l tenni. vs. USIU. Muir Tennil Courts. 
3:00 • 5:00 pm - Lacroaae Club practice Revelle Fleld. 
3:30.5:00 pm - Judo Club practice Wreatling Room 
4:00 pm _ Women's swimming VI. USO and Univ of U_JI __ A. 
USD. 
4:00 .6:00 pm - Table Tenni, Club open play Rec ConI 
New player. always welcome! 
4 :00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnaaticl Club I~nsorl ~n. IU 
workoutalor all you lormer gymnast enthuIIBlt •. Joon us to 

WEDNESDAY THRU SUNDAY 
8:00 pm - William Shakeapeare·. robuat. romantic comedy! 
Directed by &ic ChriatmU. Call 452-4574. 12·4:30 pm 
weekdaYI (or information.. Location: UC5D Theatre. Warren 
Campus. AdmiMion: $4.50..-raJ. $3.25 lIudent. 

THURSDAY THRU SUNDAY 
8:00 pm - Theatre Experiment: Two one ad ~s . Duck 
Varialions. by David Marnet. A poignentcomedy and The Deallt of 
Bessie Smith. A powerful drama by Edward Albee. Call 452·4574 
lor information. Location: Studio Theatre. 409 Warren Campu •. 
Free to the public. 

7:30·9:30 pm - Open HoUle at Black Mountain Undo in Del 
Mar . informal diacullion 01 Zen in everyday life with prielt.in-
reaidence and member. 01 Black Mountain Zendo, tea and 
relreahmentl provided. Location: Black Mountain Zendo 4747 
Black Mountain Road. Del Mar. 

WEDNESDAY 
8:00 pm - Reaidertce Hall Board meeting. location: Upper 
Outback (Warren Dorma) 

llfUR5DAY 
5:00 pm - W.ren Commuter Board meeting. All intereated 

1.lIooe ... l. welcome! Location: Warren College 405. 

SAnJRDAY 
5:00 pm - Catholic mau at Univeraity Lutheran Chwch. 

5U'IDAY , 
8:30 ~ - Catholic mau at Univeraity Lutheran Church . 
10:00 am - Sermon aeriel on the Augaburll Confeuion continue. 
at Univeraity Lutheran Church. 9595 La Jolla Shorea Drive. at 
North Torrey Pine. Road. • 
10:30 am - Catholic mall at Univeraity Lutheran Church. 
12 noon - Epiacopal Euchari": •• Univeraity Lutheran Church, 
9595 La Jolla Shorel Drive. 
5:00 pm - Catholic m8II at Univeraity Lutheran Church. 

Balcony, Main Gym . 
5:00 .1:00 pm - YOila ClUb meeting Adaptive Room. /.Wt---:-----.-,.:-------~---_:_--..J 
Gym. 
6:30.8:00 pm -Aikido Club practice \yre.t1ing Room. 
7:00-8:30 pm - Hawaiian Dance. a 'new club. i~ now 
","ioM on WednesdaYI in the Weal Balcony. SIgn up al 
Campu. Rec Office. 

llfURSDAY 
3:00 .5:00 pm - Ultimate Frisbee Club practice. Revelle 
4 :00 • 6:00 pm - Gymna.tics Club lponsorl open 
workoull , South Balcony 01 the Main Gym. 
5:00 pm _ Karate Club practice North Balcony. Main Gy. 
5:00 pn - Men JV baaketball VI. Point Lorna JV. Main 
5:00 • 5:45 pm - Judo Club practice. Wreltling Room. 
7:30 pm - Men', varaity baaketball VI. Point Lorna. Main 
8:00 • 10:00 pm - Juggling Club practices each Thuraday ' 
wre.tling room. Main Gym. 
8' 30 pm - Racquetball club NiSht at Black Mountain 
Ciub. 9.11 pm. $2.00. Meet at Urey Hall mailbox at 8 :30 
carpooling. All Ievell 01 play welc~. 

FRIDAY 
2:00 pm - Women'l tenru. v • . Weatmont College. Muir 
Coorll. 
2:00 • 3:00 pm - Synchronized Swimming Club meetl 
the Pool. 
2:00 • 5 :00 JIll' - S::t1 Club meet. in wrestling room. 
oth« workout times IIV . . 

. 3:00 • 5:00 pm - Lacroaae Club practice. Revelle Fleld. 
3:00 pm - W omen'~ lwimmil1ll v •. UC Riveraide & USD, 

Lectures and Seminars 
Noon. 1:00 pm - Contraceptive Education Seaaion: Inlormal 
dilCussion; all mull attend to receive birth control servicel and men 
are eroco uraged to attend as well . No appl nece ... ry. loc:ated in the 
confereroce room al the UCSO Siudent Health Center. 

- Orllanic/lnorganic ",minar: "Carbohydrate 
tJerliva tlive. in the Aaymmetric Synthesis of Natural Product .... 

Dr. B.O. Frater·HeId. Univ"flity 01 Waterloo. Waterloo. 
Canado. Location: APM 2:.!50. 

• 6:00 pm - Campul Black Forum - Thil il an inlormal 
~ilCulSion group centered on illue •• COrICerN. and the quatity oIlne 

Black community at UCSD. Meeta weeldyal Roo", 126/ 121. 
Cellege Provolt·. BuildinS. Philip J. Raphael & Phyllia 

lacititatorl. Call Phil at x3035 or Phyllia at x3760 to IiIIn up. 

5:00 pm - Neuroaciences De~rtmental Seminar: "The 
CytOlkdeton". Speaker: Dr. Keith Porter. Prole'lOrol Cell BioloKy. 
Univeraity 01 Colorado. Boulder. Colorado. l.lIcation, 2100 BSB. 
WEDNESDAY 
12:00 • 1:00 pm - Contraceptive Education Seaaion: Inlormal 
diecullion; all muat attend to receive birth control aervicea and men 
are erocouraged to attend at well. No appt neces .. ry. located in the 
conference room at the UCSO Student Health Center. 
THURSDAY 
12:00 noon :... AMES 205 Film Serie • • Film: Secondary flow. 
Location: 7104 Urey Hall. Free Admillion . • 
4:00 pm - The firat two lilml of CaIPIRG'. Corporate Crime Film 
",riea San, of the Canary. a highly acclaimed documentary about 
.occupational health in a chemiCal plant and the textile indullry. and 
T alimony; l".slic:e tiS. 1.P StetJl!M. which ~xamine. union bu.ti"B in 
the South. will be preaented at 4 pm In H L Auditorium. Free 

FRIDAY 
12:~ "?<'" - ~ochemiatry Seminar. Topic: "Nucleoaome 
OrganlZallon and Hil!her Order Structurea in Chromatin". Speaker:. 
Dr. ~rQJ1 K1ug. MRt ~boratory 01 Molecular BioJoay, Univeraity 
MedICal School. Cambridge. England. location: 8S'S 2100. 
3:00 ~ - PhilolOphy Department Colloquium presenll ·Dr. lena 
VendJer ProfellOr 01 PhilOiophy, UCSD "The Matter 01 Mind." 
Location: Revelle Formal Lounge. . 

SLNDAY 
11.:30 • 5:30 JIft'I - Workahop in Zen Meditation. led by prielt.in . 
rellderoce at Black Mountain Zendo in Del Mar. Lecture and 
inltruc:lion 01 zen phi~phy and meditation. Que.tions. anlwen 
and dilcU,"on. Luroch IIIduded. Location: Black Mountain Zendo 
4741 Black Mountain Road. Del Mar. Admilaion: $25 general, 
$15Ituden ... 

C:puiiday ~J) tioara 
Thla t. a aampil", o( opportunities 1I.1ed with Career Plannlnl &. Placement u of last 

COPY EDITOR: $1 0.5()(). I 1.000; SA In Entlltah with cherniatry &. phvata backtll'ound Wednesday mornln .. Vlalt UI It !he Student Cenrrr. Bid .. B. WE ARE HERE TO HELP! 
helpful (6872). . 

3:30 pm _ Men'l .wimming v •• UC Riveraide. UCSD Natal"" 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Table T ennil Club meeta lor open 
Rec Conf Room. New Players alway. welcome! 

BROADCASTING PRODUCTION COORDlNA TOR: 51.000/ mo 10 Raft; Bachelor', 
In communicadon with radio and lV b.ck.,ound helpful (6870). 

MANAGER TtV.1NEE: $IZS/ wlt ro I1IIn pi .. ma~nt Ind ~uct commlaaton; 
mUit ha"" Sft'''"I detre 10 .... m rna ........ nt tn the retail /kid 6867). 

. 
. PART -1'IME 

ComPUIH PrOtlflmrner: $6-8.00lhr DOE; up to JO hra per .. m (t819). 
4:00 • 6:00 pm - Gymnalticl Club holll ope~ 
II)'IItnaatic. workouta daily in the ~uth Bakony. Main 
5:00 pn - Karate Club practice. North Bakony. Main 
SATURDAY . 
Bolli", for bqi ..... "ery Sat..da, In the W .... tling 
Cantad John Toth for..- lnIorrnalion. 

7~ am - Surfing Club v • • Cyprell at Blac:k'i Beach. 
9:30 am It 2:00 pn - Men'. lennil v •. Biola &: 
10:00 am _ Women'l tennia VI. Pomona CoIege. Muir 
Coun.. 
12 _ - Men'. baseball v • . Oaremont doubleheader, 
Foeld. 
12 _ • 2:00 pm - Ultimate Frilbee Club practice, 
Foeld. . 

SUNDAY 
10:00 • 12 _ - Synchronized Swimminll Club meets 
the pool. 

1t'&WlIN 
ENVIRONMENTAL INTERN: $125-S375/ wic 'dependl", on poaillon; 12-15 wka; III 

I1I!IJon welcome (lBA). 
PROGRAMMER: $-4.0Z.$5.0511w DOE; 10 hn/ wk-6 monrho (ZJ067). 
ENGINEERING ASSISTANT: $5.00lhr OOE. wit achedule TBA: 

CUIIAINT IVBIII ~ AhHOUNCliMlNTl 
SENIORS: 
Jmuarv 2 10 Februa~. Application ~ (or !he PACE. which ia the entry·~1 
eamlnatlon ~ fED L CAREER J . Application and Information .re .vallable 
only th"""" the office of Pft'IOI\nel ....... nt (,..1 Job IDformadon) 293-6165. 
lHE JOB FAIR: 
5ctence&. Technical Employment Propam (STEP). F.bruary 15, 10_2 pm. Reo:Oym. 
Yow chMce 10 InfonN1ly -:r around and find out ""- em~ tn ~ 
COIII~. ~neIIY. _tdI other hilh-~ __ haW 10 offw. 8rtnc your 

~u IMY _ ro leave It with _ at m-~IfYOUdon'rh8w'1M' come 
ayway; or bener,., Ill' _ topther to time .) 

Teacher. $5/ hr; Thura"-6 pm , Sat 9:JO.12:JO pm 018(6). 
Reader: $3.85Ihr; 8-104 hu/ wk TBA (0797) . 
J.nttor: $3.65Ihr to stan; 104 hu/ wk. 3 enninp/ wk. TBA (0795). 
Plano Teamer: Salary nqodable; houn TBA (on-call). 
Food I'rqvam Specialil!: $-43Z.80-$535 bi-weekly; Mar l-Sepr JO (0789). 

-. 

I'CR CAREER OPEN HOUSE: 
For pad .. d::-Jlectrical Enaineeri"tl and Co~ Science MILors. Get an lnaIde Iook.t 
what'. _ at CR, ha"" lunch. meet aome the tIIIJIIIIer •• ta e.n ~nonaI ~tour. 
Saturday. February 16. 9:30 1m 10 2:30 or 3:00 pm. Sip' up.t reef &. 

~. 
DEVELOPlNO AN EMPLOYABLE DEOREE: 
A lPKiltl propam (or 1'I&ss freahmen. aophom«es &. Junlora. t( r.: plen ahead. nu. 
prGII'am wiD offer tnformatlon on academic akUIa and how they re ro actual jolla. A 
p.neJ 01 ~...;:J:'1erlced In"" .... col. SludenIS for employment wiD ohare their 
irnpIe8Iona ~ ~~ you N:tc II> ~tiNnC:C your future employability. February lJ._Wed....,.l. 5. pm. Conference Room. Student Qnter. 



'THE 
FOOD CO-OP 

IS' OPEN! 
In the Student Center 

Fresh organic produce, 
nuts, grains, breads, 

Alta Dena dairy products 

Member and retail prices 
open 10 - 5, Man - Fri 

11 - 4, Sat 
closed Sun # 

Food for people 

not for profit 

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES 
Business Management 

Training Program 
For Graduates In 

All Majors ' 
Bullock's/Bullock's Wilshire, southern -
California's leading fashion and specialty 
store is seeking graduates interested in a 
business management career. Trainee 
positions include accounting, audit', 
accounts payable; data processing; 

operations~ecurity, distribution, restaurant 
and beauty salon management; personnel 
and organization development. 
If you are an aggressive, organized self,starter 
willing to accept challenging responsibilities 
and able to move at a fast pace u~der 
pressure, we would like to meet with you. 
For further information contact your 
placement office or call (213) 486-5349. 
Equal opportunity ' employer M IF. 

.. 

Monday, Feb. 12,1980 

Look for details about 
the Science & Technical 
Employment Program in 

tomorrow's Daily Guardian, 
or in the Job Board on page 7 

of this issue. 

January 15 is the day! 

Get in S.T.E.P. 
this Friday! 

The more 
you love ... 

thehorder 
you fight. 

'IJI«l-W.DWYN-MER JJesetn 
DI VOIQiT FM IlMW 

RICKY SCIImR 
''TI( CHMf'' 

JA()( MRIlN·ARIIlIl HILL· !Uic by !WE £aJSII, ~ by MUlR IOIIM 
Based 00 a sby by fRNnS MAR1(J .1'IlOad by 0YSIl! lfftID ·1liIDd by fRNO) MfII(UJ 

__ mlJlTtQ UII-..r III PUllT .ami,1lI) MS 
IUl!l1lI1fIIIMQ1 MOM A 

II1IImP V. 

THIS FRIDA VI 
8:00 pm, ".ndeville Aud 

'1.75 
UEO Box OHlce 452-48.8 

Monday, Feb. 12.1180 The Daily Guardian • 

Azusa Bumped From First by Tritons 
Bedard's Buckets, Johnson's 
Rebounds Key Men's Triumph JV Makes It a' Sweep 

UCSD center Sherman Jobnaon goes high for a jumper in 
Friday's 74-66 win over Azusa Pacific. 

By Barbara Haas 
Senior Staff Writer 

Dana Bedard and Sherman 
Johnson teamed up to lead the 
varsity basketball team to a -
74-66 pounding here Friday 
night of Azusa PaciEic, which 
had been in first place in the 
league. 

Both took game.high 
honors, Bedard with 20 points 
and Johnson coming down 
with 12 rebounds, as_ the 
Tritons dropped the Cougars' 
record to 3·2. UCSD, also 3.2 
in league play, moved into a tie 
for second place in the NAIA 
Division III league and a very 
real shot at the playoffs. 

The cagers exploded in the 
first half, dominating first 

, ~itchers - Help Booming Bats 
( <m"nm'(' /rom f></f.,'C 5 appearance for the T ritona. Allen and Schmuck 
four bauers in this three-inning stint. Tom could play an important role in solidifying the 

Sc~~artz w~ almost perfect in two innings, 1"riton pitching staff. 
stnking out five Mustang •. Only a home run "There's an air of overconfidence on this taint~ hi. performance: ~amior Rick Jaye, team," pointed out Triton Coach Vince Askey, 
conung ~f, a thumb m~ry, worked two "but I think they know that there won't be many 
scoreless mrungs. more games like this." 

_ ~ second game saw the" rest of the :r riton Senior pitcher Tom Schwartz said of the 
pitching atalf look almost awe~me. Bert games, "It .hould help the younger players, 
Holman, Bob ~, John K~ and Paul getting them used to winning. But Tuesday, Sc~ck combined for the Tnton shutout, those guys (University of San Diego) won't be 
striking out 10 Mustang batter •. Bob Allen and this eat ." 
freshman Paul Schmuck .truck out three The triton. travd to USD Tuesday for their 
batten each in their first regular season next Sl8me. 

Period play, They command-
ed the entire court, leading at 
times by as much as 10. At the 
end of the halE, the home team 
was up by six, 39-33. 

At the start of the second 
period, Azusa scored seven 
quick points to gain , a 
temporary lead of 40-39. 
They were ahead by a steadily 
decreasing margin until the 
Tritons came back to tie the 
game at 59 with eight minutes 
remaining in the contest. 

The Triton threat worried 
Azusa enough to cause some 
of their team members to 
violently react to UCSD's 
scoring attempts. No one felt 
this more than Bedard, whose 
feet were knocked out from 
under him twice on two fast 
breakl, ruining the attempt for 
two points and sending Bedard 
sprawling to the floor. 

Still, Bedard was dated by 
the outcome of ,the game. 

"Basketball il the moat 
important thing in my life," he 
&aid .. "When we beat a first 
place team like thil, it's 
something. The crowd was 
just great-they gave the team 
a lot of spirit." 

Bedard managed an 
outstanding performance 
despite being sick with a 101 

In Overtime 
The JV basketball team 

proved again that they can win 
under prellure, as they beat 
Azusa Pacific College 71-66 
in overtime Friday at the Main 
Gym. As usual, Dave Tollner 
was high scorer with 24 points. 

UCSD was up by seven in 
the second half but Azusa 
carne back to tie the score at 
61-61 to end the game into 
overtime. In the additional 
period the Tritons simply 
outplayed the tired Cougarl to 
pullout their third win in four 
overtime games. The team 
has won five of their last six 
games, and only lo.t two lince 
the last half Qf the aeaaon 
began. 

degree temperature. 
Johnson, Bedard'. room-

mate, aided Bedard on the 
defensive side, of the victory. In 
addition to his control of the 
board. he aIao bIoclced some 
thots and put in eight points. 

Coach Ron Carter called 
this the "biggest win 10 far." 
The team has now won five of 
their last six game •. "It's the 
be.t eHort 10 far, and when 
that'. compared to how we've 
been playing, it's a favorable 
sign," he said. 

Perfect 10 
for your Valentine 

Ispecllill student 
CALL TODAY 

%~ 
CI.. I Laker Skytraini ;. (;. 

I La. An .... London-to. An,eles I ~ 

459 .. 9426 
7419 La Jolla Blvd, 

La Jolla 

Excursion Service: ~ ~ 
StlIndard Service: C()(\firm~d reservation. (25 day. In 

Low Saaon .... ........ .. .. ...... $438 advance), fva fUIIIn8 from $469 10 $619 
Hlah Season .... , ......... . ...... $502 dependl.,. on departure. 

Price Prorection: 
Purchase your ticket now and be protected 

apinat fuel COlt Incr~. CIEE is loafed In th~ Stud~nt Center Open MWF 9-1, TulTh 12-3 

Mon .. Fri 7:00, 9:05 Sat-Sun 2:50, 4:55, 7:00, 9:05 THE NEW FINE ARTS ~ 



10 The Daily Ouard1aa Monday, Peb. 1&, 1980 

"Going In Style" ProDlise of Cuteness a Lie 
George Bums Proposes a Heist, 
And It's All Downhill From There 

a, Fred Abbott 
George Burna baa made a 

second career of playing 
huaably cute old men, 
,....:efuIIy avoidina the pitfaL 
Of.saccharine preciousneu but 
not act .. enouJh like a real 
old man to depreu his 

The Daily Gllal'dian 

Arts 
audience. In a culture that 
treuuret its elderly only if ~y 
act "younfI at heart," that· 
makis Irurns a highly 
marketable commodity. 

f-&a is no minor talent, and 
while it mull be granted that 
Bums, however ,000 he may 
be, c:annot avoid playing old 
..... (much in the same way 
that Sidney Portier aeerningIy 
could not avoid playing a 
"Nelro" in the social 
COMCieI.ce movies of the 

'60's), his charming persona 
earns him audience forgive-
neu for hi. little indulgences, 
penonality quirks that other 
acton could not get away 
with. ' 

In Goi,., in SlJIle, director 
Martin Brest, in his fint 
feature fibn, strips Bums of 
most 01 his veatiges of cute: he 
looks shockingly old and 
Ihows all the infirmities of his 
age. Rather than stick to the 
persona of the wisecracking 
but above all adorable old guy, 
Bums is old and vulnerable. 

The premiae promiaes to be 
as cloyingly cute as any which 
might be imagined - three old 
men decide to rob a bank to 
6ven up their final years -
and that promise is reinforced 
by a baldly fraudulent 
advertising campaign. 
Instead, the movie is what 
studio pres. reIeasea like to call 
"bittersweet. .. 

The three aforementioned 
old men (played by Burna, Art 

.... -Men's Haircuts $ro 

Soft & Natu,ral Perms 
"'--J>35 and u ·I)IIIIIt ......... 
----OPEN WEEKNIGHTS----
Monday-Friday 9 am-8 pm Saturday 9 amoS pm 

We use KMS Products 
Mastercha and VISA acce ted 

Dr. Robert M. Heller 
Optometrist 

For the finest In European & Domestic 
Eye\\'OOr Fashions 

20% Discount to 
UCSD Students 

• Contact lenses 
soft & hard. same . 
day dispensing 

• Prescriptions filled 
• Eye exams 
• Invisible bifocals 
• Custom lens tints 
• Designer frames 

La Jolla village Square Mall- .u·7374 
Mon-Frl10 to 9, Sat 10 to 6. Sun 12 to 5 

Carney and Lee Strasberg), 
roommates in order to stretch 
their Social Security checks, 
lit on park benches and 
complain about the boredom 
and uadesaneas of their lives. 
They return home to a 
depressingly deteriorated 
apartment. Heavy-handed 
concern for the "plight of the 
. elderly " abounds. 

One morning at the 
breakfut table, George Bums 
suggests that the three of them 
"do a slick-up," and naturally 

he has a plan. After much 
hesitation over several days, it 
is agreed. They rob a bank. 

Midway through the movie 
it changes tone, in a way that 
seems both abrupt and 
offensive_ From that point on, 
what transpires on the screen 
seems empty and superfluous. 

The movie is an uneasy 
balance of ~ght humor and 
heavy' ~rellion: pathos . is 
spackled mto every creVICe 
where it will fit; the atmospere 
is heavy, dark and hopeless. 

Around Town 

This is the heart of the movie's 
failure. By pairing subject 
matter appropriate to light-
hearted whimsy, with a 
mordant, heavy.handed tone, 
it is too oppreasive to succeed 
either as a social set·piece or a 
"delightful" commercial 
comedy. 

There is no doubt that 
Going in Style is the work of 
..some very talented people -
the acting throughout is 
uniformly superb, and director 

Please tum 10 page 12 

Music Dept. "Stages" Circus 
Composer Henry Brant's 

Grand Universal Circus will 
be staged by a cast of a 100 
art is ts and musicians 
connected with the UCSD 
Music Department, Thomas 
Nee, music director and 
Mary Nee, stage mrector, 
Thursday, Feb. 21, 8 pm, 
Mandeville Auditorium. • 

This work was commis-
.ioned by the Santa Fe 
Opera Company and is 

described by its creator as the 
first opera to use the entire 
area of the theatre for 
dramatic action and music , 
not merely the stage areas 
and the orchestra pit. 

The text consists of 
quotations from various 
sources and periods as 
disparate in tone and 
character as the Egyptian 
Book of the Dead and the 
scientific writin~8 of 

Leonardo da Vinci and 
Albert Einstein . Inter-
spersed with this material is 
original poetry by Patricia 
Brant. 

The theme is creation, 
contemplated in 10 separate 
themes, from differing 
mythological , scientific, 
psychological and archeolo-
gical points of view. There is 
no plot, and the sub;ect 

Pkase tum 10 page 12 

AlTaIlge 
aCSl.,. 

Meet one-to-one with 
our representative 
and ,ou'U get the 
fa~tson: 
• OUr a.t..of·t.art 

environment. 
• A prof ...... 1 team concept 

that IMur .. your contribution 
will be nollced. 

interview 
Monday 

February 
• The new faellille, w.'r. building 

rlghlnow. 
• The opportunity to move up fa.t within 

a k., IIIYleIon Of ... world', 2nd 
lergeat compuMr compeny. 

• And the relreahlng and fu ..... "_lyle 
you'll enjoy In San Diego. 

You'll al,o get details on entry·level 
assignments In such advanced areas as 
Interecaw. Operallng Sit'::' --. .,... 
IrIbuted o.ta ....... • . are ........ 
UveI u..gu. ... /CompIIen . _ . Network 
Architecture • . •• ye ..... QIIIIA.,I1 ..... 
lion , .. Microprogrammed YIrtu8I 
IIKhInH ... Tranaactlon a Dlatrlbulecl 
Proc.ulng •.. • ,...... eo ..... Tools. 

25-

Don'I .......... conven ..... 
opporlunllJ to .... the ... 
on NCR. You c.n arrMge a 
CMlPUtlnlerYlew br con-
I8cIInt JOUr.,.......,. 0"" Or.,.. 10: Mr. Doug ....... 
NCR Corporation, .,...... 
IIIgIneerIng/Icrlppe ....... 
1_ W .... mardo DrIwe, 
.. DIego. CA 12127. . 
"a"I'" .1. 

m8rn 
Complete Computer Systems 

~nday,Peb. 12,l980 

Classified 
announcement 

. Hevelle AS Council Rep. posit ion 
open, Meets Weds. Eves. Pick up 
applicalion at Revelle Office. Deadline 
2/12 180 at noon. lnterviews2 / 13 / 80. 
9am 10 1 tam. (2/11) 
Get Involved! Come to the Women's 
Center meeting - Feb 14, 4pm. We're 
open daily lQ-lpm. Drop inl (2/14) 
Inlerested in helping others? Circle 
"K" is helping the handicapped 
Ihrough Special Olympics. Come to 
our meeting Wed Feb 13 at 6pm in the 
Revelle tnformal Lounge and help us 
help olhers! (2 / 13) 
"Runners " needed to distribute CAPE 
Questionnaires 10 classes. Job 
Referral needed. Come to HL 445 
Pronto! (2 / 12) 
"Runners" needed to distribule CAPE 
questionnaires to classes. Job referral 
needed. Come to HL 445 Prontol 
(2 / 11) -
Yes! There are sororijies at UCSD! 
Come to an info party tonight from 6-
7pm at the Inl'l CenieL (2/11) 
INTERESTED IN WRITING SCI -
ENCE? It so, The Daily Guardian 
needs you. Call Peter Mortensen. Sci. 
Ed., 452·3466. 

Warren College valentine flower and 
candy sale Feb 13 & 14 Revelle Plaza 
50' each $1.00 for both. (2/13) 
Aying to San Luis for long weekend. 
Split costs. Steve 453-4913. (2/11) 
Join the San Diego Students for 
peace' Come to the STOP THE 
DRAFT RALLY, Mon. Feb. 11 at noon, 
Revelle Plaza. (2/11) 
To all warm blooded bodies capable of 
catching bullets-come to the STOP 
THE DRAFT RALL YI Mon. Feb. 11 at 
noon Revelle Plaza. (2/ 11) 
Buy your sweetie a singing Valentine's 
pay telegram on Revelle plaza 
(2/8 ,14) 
Join Women's Intercollegiate rugbV. 
Fun. Guys beer travel practice Tues-
Ttl/rs 3-5 Call 755-3655. (2/11) 

penonal 
What has tOU1eenfeet(alltooblg) and 
Jams? See Ihis space for luther 
del8l1s!1 (2/11) 

Chris-Wonlon (no, nol wanlon!) 
Woman! Much love 10 you on your b-
day!xxoo A, (2/11) 
"Roses are Black, Ihe grass is Blue, 
Buy an Argo Candy-gram so everyone 
Will love you - we deliver! (21 I 1) 
Chris - Happy Birthday to a special 
friend. Love Lu. (2 / 11) 
Surprise, Bobbln! 
Welcome to UCSO! 
HOPE you 're having fun! Love, 
Metanie 
PS YLI, YKI, AGO! (WA) (2/11) 
Muir College is now accepting 
app"~allons from academically 
Qualified studenls to assist with 
Ireshman regislralion and orienlation 
during June. OtXain a job' relerral at 
studenl employment and bring it 10 the 
Provost's Office 2126 H&SS, Deadline 
F.eb 15. (2/15) 
Warren college valenline flower and 
candy sale Feb 13 & 14 ReveHe Pla.z:a 
5O¢ each $1 .00 101' both. (2 / 13) 
Mark Kramer Revelle A.S. Council Rep 
Posilion open. Meets Weds Eves. Pick 
up application at Revelle Provosl 
office. Deadline 2-12-80 at noon, 
Interviews 2· t 3-80 at 9 am 10 11 am. 
Tammy. (2/11) 
KILL THE DRAFT BEFORE IT KILLS 
YOU! Come to the STOP THE DRAFT 
RALLY! Monday Feb. t t at noon 
Revelle Plaza (2/1 t) 
There's a grOWing movement on this 
campus to resist dra ft registration, 
Join San Diego Students Against the 
Draft! For more info call 452-4450 ext 
J . (2/11) 
LOVE STINKS. It you think so, wr~e in 
100 words or less your story, You 
could be one of 3contest winners for a 
pair of tickets and backstage passes 
to the March 19th J. Gaits concert. 
Judging bsed on creativity and 
original~. Send entries to: KSOT 
UCSO B-Ol 5 La Jolla,CA 92093. 
(2/29) 
Send a flower10 a friend - carnation -
50e with card and ribbon • 75C - Feb, 
14. lOam - 2 pm Revelle plaza. 
Say it wilh tloMrs ·Galathea Hall wiN 
deliwr Feb. 1 4 - anywhere on campus 
- order now 10-2 Revelle plaza. 

"A sweetheart deserves a c"vity, buy 
a Argo II candy-gram on ttle PLaza 
from 10-2, nevelle cafe 5-6. 

CASINO 
Communlty/ ~lated Students 

Internship Offtce 
--"'!"""----announces __ ""'!"' ___ _ 

Washington D.C. 
.rdamshlp Program 

Summer Internship Application Deadline: 

February 15 
San Diego Metropolian 

Inlemshlp Program 
. Internship Application Deadlines' 

Spring Quarter Internships ............. . '. Feb 22 
Summer Internships ... . - ......... _ . . . . .. Feb 29 

Orientation Meetings: 
Wednesday and Thursday, 5:00 pm 

North Conference Room, Student Center 
PIck up applications at CASINO 

Rrlf Annual 
SI,lng Valentine', Day ... --___ _ 

_ram ServIce 
_______ order your 1eIegrams and CASINO 

. will deliver them on February 14 

Dr. Strangelove returns! 

USB 2722 Showtimes: 7:00, 8:~5, 10:30 pm 
presented by the Model United Nadons 
Tickets avadable at the VEO Box Office 

aDd at the door 

The Dally Guardian 

Send your sweetheart a singing. 
Valentine's Day telegram. Buyt Ihem 
from CASINO and we deliver on Feb. 
14. (2/14) 
" I love you" say it wilh a CASINO 
singing telegram on Valentine's Day. 
(2 / 14) 

for aal~ 
Akai GX-230D reel to reel 7" 3 
mtr l head, auto rev 1 yr. ex cond & mxr 
noise red. & $120 tape $1000 list, 
$700 or best otter. 452-9865. Ask for 
Kirk. (2/t8) 
PUCH moped, Newport model, Has 
200 miles. Under factory and store 
warranty. Excellent cond o 453-
5761.(2114 ) 
Bean Bag s, unused. slron9 , 
comfortable linen or vinyl, super size. 
$26, also sofabed size, 455-6448. 
(2 / 15) 
'76 Honda "550 SS Headers, rackresl, 
runs well, $850. 452-0563 Jim. (2 / t 3) 
Mattress & Box $30, desk $30, couch 
$35, bed $50, table set $20 bricks and 
shelves-Ask Dawn 488-6502, 452-
1841 (2 / 13) 
For Sale: Lyrics for your Valentine! 
Stop by CASINO office and send a 
singing telegram. (2114) 

housing 
Need rmmate for condo wI pool, 
tennis, jacuzzi. 3/1 Close 10 UCSD. 
Need furnijure $237,50. 453-0516 
Roommate wanted to share 4 
bedroom house in Univ City. Close to 
UCSD, great location $134/mo. No 
pets. 452-0563. (2/13) 
Wanled: Roommate FEM share 3 br 
Condo South POinte La Jolla, Ouiet 
area , Pool. Jacuzzi , furnished 
$195/mo 455·5378 late eve & 
weekend. (2/21) 
Unf. room, UC condo, female non-
smoker, $160. Washer, dryer. 452-
2996 M·W 10-9, 453-5497 otherwise. 
(2/13) 
Roommate wanted_ F8Ina1e. non-
smo1ce r~ - U1l1~ :- Clrrc'ondo , 
$140/month. Call 565-0747 after 
7pm. (2/15) 

Own room - furn. Patio, pool, jacuz, 
park, Solana Beach - 8 miles to UCSO. 
Spring qtr - $135/mo. 755-6461 eves. 
(2/t5) 

wanted 
Models needed for hair cutting , 
demonstrations in progressive Del 
Mar salon. Call 755-t231 . (2 / 9) 
Su bjects .wanled for 8 or 48 hour study 
of brain wave pallerning and plasma 
minerals. Call Iris al 453-7500 exl. 
3029 or 3881 . (2 / 11) 
WANTED: Undergrad students to 
apply for 1 year Rotary Foundation 
Scholarship for year 198t -82. 
Requirements: Must have success-
fully completed sophomore year as cif 
June, 1981 . Age 18 thru 24. NOI 
married. For particulars Call Robert 
Thomas 459-5810. Deadline: Feb. 15. 

Camper wanled to rent March t st -
April 10th for touring western US. 
Contacl Karl Ensslen. 452 -2253. 
(2 / 11) 
Yes! There are sororilies at UCSD! 
Come to an into party on Mon night 
from 6-7pm at the Int'l Center. (2/11) 
Want to add to your SOCial life? Join a 
sorority! Info party tonight from 6-7pm 
al Ihe tnt't Cenler. (2111) 
Child-care; flexible after school 
andlor weekend hours for doctor's 
family in La Jolla. A five and six year 
old would love to play and read with a 
loving. enthusiastic, creative person, 
Their parents will reward such care 
generously. For interview, call 459-
8910 or 566-5440. (2/15) 
Male subjeds wanted for 2-day 
continuous study of sleep schedule 
alteration effects on brain waves and 
performance. Earn up to $150. For 
details call Dan Mullaney aI453-7500 
X3881 . (2/ 12) 

aervices 
CARPENTER; Business and home 
repairs cabinels, Shuners, plastering 
eCc. Call Nick 299-6142.(2/11) 
Typists: IBM exper I theses /disaer I 
term papers/editing. RUSH jobs! 453-
0656. 452-1488,286-4936,225·1449. 
(6/15) 

JENNY's HOME TYPING-Term 
papers, theses, diss. Days and eves, 
225-1449 (6/7) 
Typing! Fast, accurate Call AAAAAA 
Inc, 235-6244. (2/16) 

, , 

11 

Need help with your wr~ing English, 
resumes? Let a nationally publiShed 
writer assist you. Sirong academic 
background, 222-2071. (2/1 t) 
Flying to San Luis Obispo for long 
weekend (Feb, 16-1 8) Spl~ costs 
(Cheap). Call Steve 453 -4913. (2/11) 
TYPING: UN IV. CITY. IBM Selectric. 
Reasonable Rates. Days 452-4244 
(ask for Jane); Eves. 453-4966. 
(2/11 , t3,15,18,20,25,27 ,29,3/3,5) 
Do you know som~>ne who is haveing 
a birthday coming up? For Birthdays 
or other occasions the Happy Birthday 
Co. w~1 bake a.cake and sing for iust; 
$6.50. Call Rick or Dan at 455-1280' 
(2/1 t) 
Student IBM typing. Composijion 
editing, thesis, term papers. Hele~ 
Merritte, 452-7967 aner 6 pm. (2/15) 

lost & found 
Found - Craftsman Wrench in parking 
lot. Call 452-9033 to identily and 
claim. (2/9) 
Lost: Wedding ring on Muir Field, or 
Revelle parking lot on Sat. $t 00 
reward Andrew at ph. 453-6889. 
(2/17) 
LOSI in USD 4070 Tues Jan 29th one 
wMe athletic bag with gym equip. If 
found call 452-7093 Dave. (211 2) 
Found cat in vicin~ Of HL library male 
Siamese. Call and identity 453-7961 . 
(2112) 
Found: Calculator in stairwell Tioga 
Hall. Call Tom 452-9044. (2/11) 

travel 
QEE Student Travel located on the 
second floor of the student Cenler 
open MWF 9-1 Tu Th 12-3, (3/14) 
MEN - WOMENIOVERSEAS JOBS 

- Summer/year round. Europe, S 
America. Australia, Asia, Etc. "" 
Fields, $500-1 200 monthly. Expenaea 
paid. Sightseeing Free info wr~e IJC, 
Box 52-52 Corona Del Mar Ca. 92625 
(2/1 8) 
CRUlseSHIPS/SAtLiNG eXPED-
ITIONS/SAILING CAMPS. No 
experience. Good pay. Summer. 
Career. Nationwide, worldwide! Send 
$4.95 for applicationlinlo/referrals to 
CAUISEWORLD 205 Box 60129. 
Sacra menlo, CA 95860. (2/11 ,13,18, 
20,25,27) 

One df the mostsatisfying human e~arjfrlc.8S 
investl~ion of-one's own capabilities. : 
I'nen.t of su~cesS ,not thought possible. Or sifl1PiY-
pursuit of excelfe~ce in personal achievement 
Spectra .... PhysiCS, a leader in the development qt~" .. -
taser systems, and chromatography instrumentation,..:-~ 
invites you to join us in the pursuit of excel~. '".. ~.' __ 

. ...... ')" . 

r---------------------------~.~~-~.~~-~~ 
Our recruiters will be on campus Friday, __ ...... _~_'........ . 
February 15. If you will be receiving a ..';" 
BS/MS In Electrical, Industrial or Me-
chanical Engineering, or In Chemistry, 
please arrange an Interview through the 
Placement Office. 



12 The Dally Guardian Monday, Feb. 12,1980 

Music Department Sets 
Brant's 'Universal Circus' 

Carter Wins in Maine 
President Takes 46 Percent of Delegates 

ConIinued from pafe 10 
matter is often prelef'lted in 
carnival terms. The 
character. - embodiments 
of ide81 rather than 
penonalitie. - each appear 
in one ICeIle only. 1bere are 
fooliah virgint, fat fates, 
weepen, a devil, Eve, a 
Jpeaker and many others. 

Atide from the first scene, 
which preaents several 
mythological concepts of 
creation, and the final scene 
in which the human race is 
depicted in a frantic hurry to 
leave P.adiae, there is no 
real progression from scene 
to .cene or connection 
between them. 

Compoaer of the Uniuer· 
.,., Circa, Henry Brant was 
born in Montreal where he 
began hia career 81 
compoaer at age 7. He 
moved to New York in 1929 
and continued experimental 
compoIition while pursuing 
ac active career aa a 
cornpoHI' of functional music 
f« racio, film, ballet and 

dance banda. 
After World War II, Brant 

extended his activities to the 
c1allroom and taught 
composition at Julliard, 
Bennington and Columbia 
Universities. In 1950 he 
began to write "space 
muaic," which requires 
specific wide separationa of 
the performing forces and 
their placement in particular 
locations, using the entire 
area of the hall, in addition to 
the atage. Currently, Brant is 
working on his 68th spatial 
piece, a "spatial operatic 
ritual," entitled "Everybody 
I .. nco 

Henry Brant is the first 
American composer to win 
the Italian government's 
"Prix ltalia," in 1955. He 
has received numerous 
awarda, including several 
Guggenheim Fellowships 
and grants from the National 
Endowment, the Rockefeller; 
Ford, Ditaon, Copley and 
Thorne Foundations. 

AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) 
- President Carter beat Sen. 
Edward M. Kennedy Sunday 
night as Maine Democrats 
voted their presidential choices 
at po~tical town meetings in 
the first showdown between 

the two in Kennedy's home 
territory. 

The president, from his 
retreat in Camp David, MD, 
thanked his Maine supporters 
for victory, and his chief 
spokesman said Carter had 

Extension Schedules , 
Evening Lectures on 
Investment Problems 

Two evening lectures for the 
public on the topic of 
investments wiD be given Feb. 
13 and March 5 by Extension. 

'The first lecture is titled 
"Personal Investments for 
Maximum Yield" and wiD be 
held 7-10 pm Feb. 13 in TUf 
104. The fee is $20. 

The lecturer is Thomas W. 

minimum purchase require-
ments. 

The second evening lecture 
is titled "The Art and Science 
of Investing" and is scheduled 
for 7-10 pm March 5, also in 
TUf 104. Again, the fee is 
$20. 

dealt Kennedy a major 
setback in Kennedy's New 
England. 

The Massachusetts senator 
daimed satisfaction in what he 
called a "dead heat" with 
Carter. 

With returns tallied from 84 
percent of the town 
Democratic caucuses in 
Maine, Carter had 44 percent 
of the vote to Kennedy's 39 
percent. The president's 
margin in local delegates, the 
competition that really 
counted, was 46 percent to 39 
percent. 

California Gov. Edmund G. 
Brown Jr. was gaining 14 
percent of the popular vote 
and 13 percent of the 
delegates. 

The tally by the Maine 
Democratic State Committee 
read this way with 410 of the 
486 town caucuses reporting: 

Cartr, 12,453 or 44 
percent, for 759 local 
delegates or 46 percent of the 
delegates elected so far. 

'Going in Style' Not Cute 

Diehl,. MBA, vice president of 
investments with Shear son 
Loeb Rhoades, Inc. in La 
Jolla. He will discuss 
corporate and ' municipal 
bonds, US government 
securities, money market 
funds, tax-deferred annuities, 
commerical paper, bank 
certificates of deposit, savings 
and loan deposits, safety 
factors, yield differentials and 

Isabel Fulton O'Donnell, a 
stockbroker with Shearson 
Loeb Rhoades, Inc. is the 
instructor, and will discuss the 
basics for analyzing and 
choosing stocks, bonds, and 
budget investments as well as 
the new sophistic.ated variable 
annuities and the options 
markets including sandwich 
spreads and income tax 
consequences. 

Kennedy, 10,870 or 39 
percent, for 635 delegates of 
39 percent. 

Brown, 3,959 or 14 
percent, for 230 delegates or 
13 percent. COIIIlnued from pafe 10 

a.-t cIemonatrates an eye for 
character and detail that is 
acutelyobeerveCI and, at times 

transcends the very basic 
f1awa of the movie. But a 
minor work of major talent is 
still a minor work. 

Early registration is 
required for both classes. For 
enrollment inform~dion, call 
Extension B;t x3400. 

Uncommitted, 429 or 3 
percent, for 24 delegates or 2 
percent. 

REGISTRATION 
UC Systemwide Walkout" 

RALLY IMARCH 
affects 

YOU! 
.. 

The intemational and economic instability we live with 
is c~used by special interests, and not by lack of military 

preparedness. 
Find out how. 

Find out when. 
Find ~ut why. 

Say NO to conscription . AND RESIST! 
.--.... - .... --' Speakers include: -------. 

David Harris Civil Rights Activist 
Judy DiGennaro, Nat'l Lawyers Guild 
Speaker from the Committee Against 
Registration and the Draft (C.A.R.D.) 

Speaker from the Coalition of Labor Women 
other to be .announced 


