
e -Dai ~ Guardian 
Volume 39, Number 19 University of California, San Diego Thursdar, January 31, 1980 

Del Mar Finds No Shelter 

The heaviest stonn of the season blew down 
this 70.foot.lollJl tree in a vacant lot near 15th 

GuanJian photo by Stan HonJo 

Street in Del Mar. It hurt no one when it fell , at 
3 am Monday, but it did demolish a fence. 

Students Set Meetings, .Rallies 
To Protest Draft Registration 

By Riaa Lee Podolsky 
Staff Writer . 

Campus groups are planning meetings, 
rallies and teach·ins in an effort to organize 
student resistance to President Carter's call for 
renewed draft registration. 

The AS, with Night and Fog action, a group 
related to the new indicator c.ollective and the 
Progressive Coalition, is sponsoring an anti· 
draft meeting tonight at 5 pm in the Student 
Center. 

Representatives from the National Lawyer's 
Guild, including an attorney who specializes in 
military matters, will be on hand to discuss 
students' options in facing the draft 

If AS external affairs commissioner Linda 
Sabo is right, there will be a lot of interest in that 
gathering. 

"Very few people I've talked to are willing to 
be drafted, but quite a few are willing to 
register," SabO said. "They don't see a threat, 
and they were brought up to do as they are told. 

They register becauae it'. the easiest thing to 
do, and because they don't know what to do 
with their lives." 

Sabo was at last weekend's Student Lobby 
Legislative Conference where ASUCSD Vice· 
President Nancy LAga's suggestion for a UC 
systemwide Awareness Day Feb. 11 was 
"enthusiastically endorsed." 

"We're planning teach.ins, 'rallies, 
infonnation tables on Revelle Plaza, draft 
counselors, lawyers and speakers. President 
Carter's statement Feb. 9 of his proposed draft 
registration will be sent to Congress. The point 
of this day is to show Congress that some of 
their constituents don't want a draft. Congress 
should consider that," Sabo said. 

Student leaders said that there is also a rumor 
of a systemwide strike and boycott that day. 

Women and student draft deferment will also 
be discussed at the meeting. 

Carter has already indicated that there will be 
Please tum to page 8 

AS Takes Show on 
. -

Road, Finds ,Little 
Interest at Muir 

By Jeff Beresford-Howe 
News Editor 

The AS took its council meeting to the Muir cafeteria last night, 
hoping to drum up college and student interest in their activities, 
but one of the scant few who showed up called the meeting 
"laughable," and an angry AS Council member said it was 
"typicaL" 

The council spent over two hours on three of it. items of 
business: an anti·Ku Klux Klan reaolution, a FoodCooperative 
building requeat and a Racquetball Oub derwrite. 

One Muir student said he showed up at the meeting curioua, but 
found it difficult to withstand the complicated parliamentary 
manuevering on the council. 

" I would come back to another meeting," he said, "but I don't 
think they consider the issues as much as argue how to work all the 
parliamentary bullshit." 

The council first tried to over·ride the presidential veto of a 
$2,000 allocation to the food cooperative for Hameproofing of 
their coffee hut restaurant, scheduled to open in spring. 

President Carlos Montalvo argued that the request had not 
been line.itemed, as per usual council procedure, and added that 
he would support the bill only when the Council approved clauses 
requiring the food coop budget to be submitted to the council 
quarterly and annually. 

After an hour of wrangling, Montalvo's veto was over· ridden 
and the council then approved the allocation with all of 
Montalvo's revisions intact, except that the budget would be 
subject only "to review" by the council. 

The debate then turned to a Ku Klux Klan rally scheduled for 
Oceanside later this quarter. 

Some council members wanted to condemn the Klan 81 
"racist" and the Oceanside Qty Council for allowing a Klan raUy 
on public property, and buy the National Alliance Against 
Raciam and Political Repreasion, a half page ad opposing the 
rall~" 
• . 'Ie ten,thy objections by external affai" director UncIa 

Sabo at the council should not 10 on record against the use of 
public land for demonstration. because of the pouibility that 
students might someday be denied acceas to the campus by an 
administration citing the same precedent, the resolution passed. 

But an NAARPR representative left the meeting angry 
because his ad was not approved. 

finally, the council took up a finance committee report 
including a Racquetball Club allocation to help underwrite an 
erotic film festival. 

Another large debate ensued, this time over whether the 
racquetball allocation should be separated from other finance 
committee recommendations, whether pornography was 
"exploitive" and whether the ' AS should approve the film 
underwrite without knowing the titles of the films. 

Despite the AS underwrite earlier this year for "Deep Throat," 
the council voted to withhold the funds at least a week, pending 
notification of the film titles involved in the "festival." 

In other business, the council approved a resolution 
encouraging colleges and 1,Iniversities in states that have not 
passed the Equal Rights Amendment to work to do so. -

Libertarians Find UCSD 'Apathetic' 
By f>witht Samuel Gooch 

AalOeiate News Editor 
Representatives from, the San 
Francisco~baaed Students for a 
Libertarian Society, a '1eftiat" political 
group founded on eighteenth century 
Jeffersonian dernocracr. notions of 
limited stat~ contro, were not 
impressed by this campu. on their 
statewide anti-draft campaign. 

"UCSD seems to be pretty apathetic 
institution in general," said SLS 
speaker Mike Lipson, in response to 
the attendance of only eight persons at , 
the meeting. 

"We are here to infonn UCSD 
students about what they can do to 
fight the draft," Lipson said. "Our goal 
is to prevent registration at the post 
offices." 

"SLS is not against defending our 
coun!ry's borders if it comes to that," 
said Mike Mayakis, also of SLS. "But 
we believe people would volunteer to 

fight in such an event - the 
goverrment should have no control 
over that part of our liv~." 

"The ~viet Union is currently no_ 

"People don't realize that the 
Ruuiana are going to be kicked out of 
Afghanistan by the Afghana in a 
couple of years," Mayakis said. 

"US Propaganda on Afghanistan 
Is Like McCarthy's 'Red Scare'" 

thrt'.it to the United States," claimed 
Lipson. According to Lipson and 
Mayakis, if the United States fought it 
would be stricOy for the defense of oil 
and other economic interests - a 
violation of SLS anti·imperialist 
philosophy. 

"And we couldn't take the oil fields 
by force anyway," Mayakis said. 

Lip~on and Mayakis claimed that 
United States government propaganda 
on the Soviet Afghanistan invasion is 
anal8fous to Senator McCarthy's "red 
scare in the early fifties. 

"The chance of us fighting this thing 
(registration for the draft) are pretty 
good," Lipson said. "We're in a much 
better position than we were in the 
sixties with Viet Nam. The bureaucrats 
are paranoid and there is a much 
greater awareness among young 
people of what's going on in the world." 

" If enough people refuse to register 
at the post office, there will be no 
practical way to enforce registration," 
claimed Lipson. "They can't track 
down a million people," he added. 

"There seems to be ambivalent 

attitudes about the draft among the 
.tudents I know," said a UCSD student 
and campus dormitory resident. II A lot 
of guy. are militarist· when it COl11ft to 
talking llbout burning Irm.n flag. but 
they don't want to go fight. There is 
much of the 70s "me generation" talk 
Hoating around." 



I The Daily Guardl;tn 

Cute Little Mischa Boycott Victim 
By Linda Deutac:h 

Once upon a time, a fat IittJe Ruuian bear named Mischa 
came to the United States to make million. of dollars but • 
inIteed became a victim 01 the cold war. 

The cuddly bear, .yrnbol of the Moscow summer 
Olympics, was the focus of a IllUsive merchandising 
can1fNlisn that haa been abandoned because of the Soviet 
invasion on Af,haniatan. 

"As of now, Mischa the bear i. dead," lays Stanford Blum 
the Loa Angeles merchandiaer who believed Mischa's face 
was his fortune. 

He say. the bear'. demise could cost $50 million to $100 

1 
''<5<9 

--

million in anticipated profits from Mischa products. 
In recent day., Blum says retailer. have been racing to 

cancel orders fnr stuffed Mischa teddy bears, Mischa jackets, 
posters. towels, sweatshirts and other memorablia. 

"Nobody wants to have the stigma of Russia attached to 
them," Blum says. "All plans to merchandise Olympic 
symbols have come "10 a screeching halt." 

Blum's Ima~e' Factory Sports, had bought the rights to 
market Mischa s image as well as the interlocking circles logo 
that was to be the symbol ot the Moscow Olympics. 

In recent months, Blum says, he had licensed 58 
companies to produce Olympic products, including a stuffed 
Mischa bear, shorts,posters and key rings. 

"Hanna Barbera had planned a kiddie cartoon series 
featuring Mischa," he says. "That has been cancelled too." 

"There was also a children's book and a plan to tie in the 
Olympic symbols with supermarket premiums," he says. 
"Some companies were going to give away Olympic items if 
you bought their toothpaste or whatever." 

Blum says more than $2 million has already been spent on 
manufacturing Mischa products. 

"Most of the items were to be delivered in March and later 
for summer sales, " he says. "Luckily a lot of the stuff has not 
been produced yet." 

Blum, cuddling a pile of stuffed Mischa bears in many 
sizes, notes that Mischa did have a brief moment of glory in 
the marketplace before tragedy struck. 

"The stuffed Mischa bear was one of the biggest selling 
items for Christmas," he says. However, retailers now are 
rushing to return their leftover bears with the Olympic belts. 
The top-of·the line giant Mischa bear was selling in stores for 
$150. 

Linda Deutsch is a writer lor the Associated Press. 

Letters to the Editor 
Plain Old Petty Clearly Outshone Poodles 

FAlor: and when the band returned 
for an encore, lome of the 
crowd actually booed. 

AI U5Ual, Petty gave an 
exhiliraling performance, that 
could hardly be c1a5Sified, as 
Roberts put it, 81 "plain old 
rock 'n roU." Tom Petty and 
the Heartbreakers are hardly 
just another band, as Roberts 

states. Petty has provided rock 
music with a new and exciting 
force that h81 been much 
needed latdy. The accessibi· 
lity of his material, his ability to 
communicate, and the sheer 
energy transmitted through his 
music may not bridge the gap 
between new wave and rock, 
but more significantly, these 

factors close the gap between 
Petty and his audience. The 
blending of these factors 
requires innovation, and 
combined with his unique 
sound, Petty will surely be a 
significant force en rock in the 
1980's. . 

Well, Steve Roberts, just sit 
Pleaselum 10 page I 

We've been Iau8hinI at aria 
editor Ted Burke'. inept 
reviews on area concerti and 
current releases for the last 
three years. Now it i. apparent--
that a new joker has joined the 
arts section .talf: Steve 
Roberti. Having attended the 
I8Ine concert he reviewed 
(Dai'll Guardian, Jan. 23) in 
hi. dubious article, "Poodles 
Surpass Petty," we seriously 
wonder if Roberta was reaDy at 
Golden HaD that night. 

AS Critic Offers No Solutions Except 
Hermitism For UCSD Student Life 

An important consideration 
to have in mind when 
reviewing a rock performance 
involvel the energy level in the 
arena or haD before, during 
and after the .how. When 
Petty took the stage after the 
Poodles finished their amusing 
yet unimpressive set, the 
energy levd in Golden Hall 
took a sudden quantum leap. 
Thi. high' energy continued to 
build throughout Petty's two· 
hour set and climaxed at the 
end of Petty'. set, before he 
came back for two, three-.ong 
encores_ In contrast ' to Petty 
and contrary to what Steve 
Roberts reported', the 
Fabulous Poodles left the 
• tage to only scant applause, 

Editor: 
Being a conscientious 

student, and concerned about 
the social life at UCSD, I wish 
to respond to Heinz Hemken's 
acathing attack on Jamie 
Montgomery in the Jan. 24 
issue of The Daily Guardian . 
It was in response to an~rticle 
Montgomery wrote about the 
apathetic social climate at this 
campus. In it Montgomery 
presented several viable 
solutions to the problem. 
Hemken criticizes ' Mont· 
gomery and his ideas, yet 
offers no alternatives. 

Hemken agrees with 
Montgomery that a deficiency 
exists, but his only suggestions 
are destructive. He questions 

The Daily- Guardian 

Ito • ..,,_ 
..... "' ......... .d.I." Jeff .......... _ 

Nr-".a&e .. 
_c:-. 

John_ 
A.,,'UI..- Nr-. t:'nf. 

John KIodI 
l • .,. htd .. , 

John H. Ta, ... 
(~.n" .... t" 

Jon GNU 
~IrtJl"""I. 

...... -~""'"',·.ii." ... 
"' .. "-(;100II 

,..",Jlu ...... " 
T ... ..... 
M ...... ., 

u---, III l..w-. ....... 

The Daily Guardian is published 
Monday thru Friday during the 
regular school year by students at the 
University of California, San Diego. 
Offices are located amidst the trers 
southeast of the Revelle Provost's 
Office. Our mailing address Is : 
UCSD, 8--016, La Jolla. CA 92093. 
The Daily Guardian subscribes to the 
Associated Preas, the Los Anseles 
Times Synidicate, the Uni~crsal Press. 
Syndicate and PaeiAc News Service. 

For news or business information. 
call 452-3466. Classified advertising 
is open from 9 to 3 daily; news and 
display advertising 9 to 5 daily. 

Montgomery's ability to write, 
finds fault with his statistics 
and concludes by demanding 
the immediate incarcer alion of 
Montgomery arid the 
dismantling of the AS. How 
these chadish tirades are going 
to improve the social life on 
campus is beyond me. 

In addition, Hemken 
disputes the very idea that 
students at UCSD should 
congr~gate. He states that 
scientific study "by its very 

nature seems to limit one's 
social life." Hemken would not 
even begrudge us a glass of 
beer at the occasional TGIF. 
Yet this is the most 
consistently successful and 
well-attended event staged on 
campus. Hemken has the right 
to lead the life of a hermit, but 
he need not force his 
abstinence upon the student 
body. 

I would like to conclude by 
Please Inon 10/Xlge 7 

Daily Guardian Inattention . 
To Third College Victory 
At Spirit Night i~ Typical 
Editor; 

As undergraduates of Third College, we would like to take a 
moment to question your policies regarding story coverage and 
placement in The Daily Guardian. It would seem that a 
new.paper that i. supposed to appeal to the interests of all UCSD 
students would at least attempt to give equal coverage to the 
activities of each college. Thil i •• imply not the case with Third. 

The most recent example is Spirit Night. Hours of preparation 
~y many Third College students resulted in the capture of 
UCSD'. Spirit Night award at Saturday's basketball game. Thil 
being the case, one would expect greater coverqe than a one-
line mention (Daily Guardian, Jan. 28) with our college name 
miupelled. A picture of participating .tudentl from the winnir.g 
school might also have been of interest. Other colleges were 
given adequate pictoral cover.,e. 

Spirit NlIJht it over, 1M we are hoping that this letter will aerve 
to point out the inadequaciel of your past coverage of our 
activities. We look forward 10 improved representation of Third 
College in the future. ' 

TERRY EGAN 
CINDY LAMBERT 

DAVE MUNSINGER 
PETER WOOD 

Thunday, Jan. 31. 1980 

Program 
Needs 
Continuity 

By Peter Mortenaen 
As a Revelle freshman, I had 
the dubious pleasure last fall of 
taking the first quarter of the 
Humanities sequence . 
Although I benefited from the 
liter ary ideas presented in the 
course, I believe that a lack of 
continuity from class to class 
and section to s~ction in the 
Peter Mortensen is science 
editor of The Daily Guardian. 
sequence is sorely evident. 

The concept of a high. 
powered reading and writing 
course is a good one, but the 
way the Humanities sequence 
is administered leaves much to 
be desired and ultimately 
defeats its own purpose. 

At the base of the problem is 
the discontinuity of the 
program 's organization. 
Professors from a number of 
unrelated departments 
combine with graduate 
students - of widely diverse 
backgrounds to administer a 
course that is supposed to 
show fairness in student 
treatment across the board-
an impossibility, to be sure. 

The end result of this 
conglomerated educational 
process is the dissatisfaction of 
many students and the loss of 
precious learning time . 

Because each T A in the 
sequence has had a different 
educational background, he 
expects different things from 
his section. The net result of 
this situation is very apparent 
at grade time. What might 
be"B" work in one section 
could be "C"work in another. 

Likewise, each prefessor in 
the sequence has his own area 
of expertise. History, literature 
~nd philosophy professors 
make up the bulk of the 
Humanities teaching staff, 
thus providing a supposedly 
well rounded view of the time 
period being studied. In reality 
some students end up 
receiving a choppy, 
disconnected view of 
literature- jumping from a 
philosophical approach to an 
historical approach of 
literature as the sequence 
progresses. 

I realize that some 
discontinuity. in course studies 
is unavoidable, but I think the 
administration of the 
Humanities sequence could do 
more 10 puD their program 
together and educate students 
better . 

Perhaps a rotation of 
lecturing profelsor. from the 
concerned departments within 
the quarter could improve the 
flow of the literature and ideas 
aspect of the courae. Also, 
more coordination between 
T As within the aequence 
might be a · start in bringing 
fairness to the writ!"I and 
grading portions of the 
sequence. 

Revelle undoubtedly has the 
begiMingS of an effective 
Iiteratwe·writing procram in 
the Hwnanities eequence, but 
they mUit stop where they are 
now. There is room for many 
refinements. In order to benefit 
arid serve Revelle lludentl in 
the beat pouible way, those in 
charge of the Humanities 
sequence must make changel 
for the better as lOOn as 
poaaible. 

Thunday.Jan. 31. 1980 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEWS BRIEFS 

Iran Call~ Escape by 
US Diplomats Illegal 

Iran's foreign minister, angered by the daring Canadian rescue 
of six Americans trapped in Tehran, declared yesterday he 
expects the US Embassy hostages to suffer for Canada's 
"duplici ty". 

The estimated 50 hostages "most probably" will n.ow be treated 
more harshly , Foreign Minister Sadegh ~hotbzadeh said, and the 
responsibility will be Canada's. 

Ghotbzadeh, at a Tehran news confefence, denounced the 
secret Canadian operation as a "flagrant violation" of 
international law and warned that retribution would be exacted 
from the Canadians sooner or later. 

But the Moslem militants who have held the embassy and 
hostages for 88 days refrained from immediately endorsing 
Ghotbzadeh's threat of tougher conditions for their captives. 
Spokesmen said a fonnal statement might be issued later, but 
some repOrts quoted militants as saying they would not treat the 

hostages any differently. 
A State Department spokesman said Tuesday such a reprisal 

would be "irrational." 
Iran's domestic political troubles flared into new fighting, 

meanwhile. 
Reports reaching Tehran said at least 10 persons were killed 

and 20 others injured Wednesday in clashes between the central 
regime's revolutionary guards and Kurdish mi~tanta in western 
Iran. 

~ ~ 
I \IIIlIIIII 
OIINNOOII~'" lilt 

----
"""way , ........ 

_._...."I'~ 
.... 1Il10 

I nON I II 11 
~ 

The Daily Guardia" 

DOONESBURY 

Berkeley Chief 
From U Penn? 

PHILADELPHIA -
Varian Gregorian, provost of 
the University of Pennsylvan-
ia , has been offered the 
chancel lorship at the 
University of California at 
Berkeley, according to the 
Philadelphia Bulletin . 

Gregorian and Berkeley 
officials refused comment 
Tuesday. 

The Bul/etin said Gregorian 
45, was chosen unanimously 
from four finalists by a 12-
member committee at the ' 
university. 

Counseling With 
Students Private 

SACRAMENTO - Most 
conversations between 
students and counselors would 
be confidential, under a bill 
winning Assembly approval 

. 3 

by Garry Trudeau 
WJS[ CY 115 51lU HIIVe~~ 
screw II (t#M ~ fIIXI; /IH# 
all KJ()5 UlN ClJM8 1H£ aNS RX 
1fC/ENS. (I/. 5U(j( ICI /JX.J.I£S /EJI£A/H 

TIIt~f(, ' 

despite claims it would violate 
parent's rights. 

AB763 by Assemblyman 
Gary Hart, D·Santa Barbara, 
went to the Senate on a 43·34 
vote Tuesday. 

The bill would cover 
students 12 years and older, in 
public schools and community 
colleges , and any school 
'employee authorized to act as 
a counselor. 

Networks Refuse 
Oil/TV Profit Ad 

NEW YORK - What is 
more profitable . an oil 
compan? or a television 
network. Mobil Corp. says a 
network is, and it made a 
television commercial saying 
so. The networks say they will 
not run the commercial. 

The networks said the 
decision to reject the ad was 
based on long.standing 
policies against airing 

commercials on co";troversial 
public issues and had nothing 
to do with the discussion of 
their profits. NBC also 
challenged the relevance of the 
comparison. 

Russ Troops 
May Leave 

LOS ANGELES 
Armand Hammer, president 
of Occidental Petroleum 
Corp., said yesterday he was 
told by the Russian 
ambassador to the United 
States that the Soviet Union 
will withdrlw its troops from 
Afghanistan soon. 

"I just came back two days 
ago from seeing Anatoly 
Dobrynin .. .in Washington, an 
old friend of mine," Hammer 
told a meetng of the Induatry 
Manufacturers Council. " I 
think that he's truthful when he 
tells me the Russians intend to 
withdraw their troops." 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES $150 
Includes complele eye e'8mlnallon, Including lonomelry, lenses fitting work up 

training, care kif and follow up .181t5 - complete - no additional cha'ges 

Beware oflhe qUick eye examinallon and conI act lens IiI. 11 may be too quick. The best eye examination and 
, contacr lens fitting Is painslaklng. melhodical. Ihorough. an'" consists of nUr)'lerous lests. A minimum 
number of 4 visils ,IS require'" to achieve a pr~r lit , Our office IS equipped with ihe most sophlslicated. ad· 
vanced and computerized instrumentalion In the world in order to achieve the best eye exammalion and 
conlact lens filling possible. 
All contact lens filing Include a written agreemenl that allows you to relum your contacls and receive are· 
fund at your discretion with a speCific period of l ime, 
It you've been thinking about contacls. vis it San Diego's most technologically·advanced optometric office 
leday, Our large library of lenses allows us to send you home wilh your new contacts Ihe same day they are 
fitled in most cases. 
Gall today for an appointment. tree consultalion or information packel explaining soft. flexible. hard. toric 
(fOr correclion QI astigmatism) soft. and extended wear (24·hour) conlact lenses, 

.~I!;; Or. O. A. Rorablugh • Assocll'.S, ometrts'l --~t~93~9~G~r~aoo~A~v~e-nu-e~.~P~a~c~lIi~c~B~e~ac~h-, C~A~. ~2~72~.~22~t71--------~------
MaSlercharge and VISA accepted 

"HAIR 
-FACTORY" 

459-2400 
Uy Appt 

I u~.JI~U In Ill.: 



.. The Daily Guardian Thursday, Jan. 31,1980 

Bioluminescence Sea May Use • In Bacteria 
~biolil AlloWI Marine Animal 
To Lure, Find Prey, . to Confuse 
Predaton, and to Communicate 

By Peter Mortenaen 
Science Editor 

Unlike the millions of 
aealures which inhabit the 
land, more than 90 percent of 
marine species are biolumines· 
cent-that it they biochemi· 
caDy create their own light. 

What is even more 
interesting to one UCSD 
scientilt is that some of the 
bioluminescent lpeCies create 
their light in a partnerahip-
called symbiosi.-with 
luminous bacteria. 

Lut week, Dr. Kenneth 
Ne.Iaon, miaotJiologi.t and 
bacteriologi.t at Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, 
presented a paper, "Co· 

Evolution of Luminous 
Bacteria and Their Eukaryotic 
Hosts," at the New York 
Academy of Sciences' 
Conference on Origins and 
Evolution of Eukaryotic 
Intracellular Organelles in 
New York City. 

I n the paper, Nealson 
discuues three animal. 
bacteria partnerships, noting 
that they are highly specialized 
sYltems which vary from 
species to species. 

The fact that some fish use 
glowing bacteria al a source of 
light hal already found 
biomedical applications. In the 
luminous systems that 
Nealson haa studied, light 

production is linked to 
biochemical reactions. Since 
amounts of light can be 
accurately m asured, these 
highly sensitive systems are 
being used to assay other 
biochemically and medically 
important reactions. 

There is nothing charitable 
about symbiosis, Nealson 
explains, as both participants 
benefit from the relaliolJship. 
The bacteria receive nutrients 
from the fish , as well as a 
sheltered place in which to live. 
Light, one by.product of the 
bacteria's metabolism of the 
nutrients provided by the host, 
is used by the host to lure and 
illuminate prey, confuse 
predators and communicate 
with other members of its 
species. 

As a result of his research, 
Nealson has found that not all 
luminous fish species have the 
aame symbiotic relationships. 
Nealson feels that comparing 
the various relationships of 

~~C lEE Student Travel Services 
CI •• 1180 CHINA STUDY TOURS: 

Typical Itinerary: 
out.Tokyo-Honl Kona·BElJING.HARBIN-Changchan.Shenyang-Xian. 

Guangzh9n-HOIlj Konll-West Coast 
Feb 26-March 17 .... , ......•.......•......... , ..... $2,820 
June 1+}uly, 17 ...... ,., .... , .. , .......•........• ,., $3,118 
June 19--}uly 10 ..................................... $3,114 

Price includes: 
Round trip ttaDIpKiflc ttansportadon, meala (except in Tokyo and Hong Kong), 

. hotels, transfers and programming. 

For further Info, contact: . 
CIEE STUDENT TRAVEL, Student Center (2nd Floor) 

45Z..<J630 Open MWF 9-1, Tu/Th 12-3 

lIdIlbe 
hWw:;4paid 
klWrln 
BeveIiy Hills. 
Helea\a 
women feeling 
morealiw 
than~'ve 
everfek 
before. 
Except one. 

ParalllOlJnt Pictures Presents A Freddie fields PloductlOn Afllm by PaASchrader RlChald Gele rn 'Amerltan Gigolo' 
Lauren HuNon Executrve Producel FreQlre frelds PToduced by Jerry Bruckhermer MuSIC Composed by GIOfglO Moioder 
WrlNen and Drrected by Paul Schradel 0.'1'"" SooOOir",k R" .. d>II '" pur,oo. R,,~"'~'" I"""" A Paramount PICture 1ft I 
'R ] M"IItC'.O "::1 J RroldlhtOtiIBoc:*. Ci.:IMe ~bn'lPdll,B~ COP'tAOHT~)O( 0: 
_ -::~~~.r:.!~t,C:::::J aVPaAAMCUHPIC~~~~~ • !~ .: 

STARTS TOMORROWI 

symbiosis may provide clues 
to understanding their 
evolution. 

"Those systems containing 
the more independent 
bacteria. such as those of the 
pinecone fish, may represent 
symbioses that are less 
integrated (evolved) than 
those of the flashl ight 

The Daily Guardian 

Science 
fish, which has a more efficient 
luminescense system. 

"The symbiotic relationship 
of the pyrosome (a small sea 
organism) and its bacteria 
appears to be the moat highly 
integrated. In fact, it is difficult 
even to recognize the bacteria 
as a separ ate organism. For all 
we know, some of the 

bacteria's genetic material is 
contained in the host," he 
says. 

Many questions still remain 
unanswered for Nealson. For 
example, it is still a mystery 
how the luminous bacteria 
keep other bacteria from 
interfering with them. "The 
host must have some way of 
keeping its light organ pure, 

,since any contaminant might 
outgrow them," he explains. 

Nealson stresses the 
importance of probing into this 
question deeper. 

"We all have extra·cellular 
symionts within our bodies," 
Nealson says, "and they 
sometimes get out of control 
and take over our system, thus 

. causing disease. Any gains we 
make in understanding how 
these symbiotic systems are 
regulated are potentially 
valuable to medical science." 

(ONE WEEK ONLY) 
FEB 1 - 7 FRI-THURs 
ROXY THEATRE 
4642 Can (488-3303) 7 & 9 
FLOWER HILL' CINEM 
-5 at Via De La Valle 755-5511 7 & 9 

Thursday, Jan. 31, 1980 The Daily Guardian 

Victims Of Anxiety, Shocks 
Are Liberated, By Laughter 

By Bill Knowles 
The answer to the tension 

and stress of daily life can be 
found by observing babies, a 
noted psychologist lecturing at 
the University Extention says. 

"When you toss a baby up 
in the air or you make a funny 
face, the baby smiles," Dr. 
Robert Kavanaugh observes . . 
He believes that laughter is the 
best therapy. available for the 

anxiety and frustration s of 
today's world. 

In fact, not ed author 
Norman Cousins, who is 
speaking on campus next 
week, claims to have cured 
himself of a crippling 
supposedly irreversible 
disease in 1964 through 
humor therapy, Cousins 
rejected the conventional 
medical treatment and instead 

To all you hard.working Daily Guardian people: __________ ... 

Don't miss this Friday's staff meeting and TGIF at 4 pm. in 
our new offices. 
If you're a writer. editor or production worker , that means 
you! 
Photos will be taken for Press cards and we will discuss plans 

• for the reat of the quarter. 
Bring you ... criticisms, questions. general comments and 
something to drink. 
SEE YOU FRIDA V! 

chose laughter mduced by 
comedy movies and books to 
relieve his pain a nd ultimately 
cure the disease. 

Th'e cause of laughter is 
unknown says Kavanaugh. 
But many theories have been 
proposed to explain why 
certain things make people 
laugh. The ~iberation Theory 
is the one preferred by 
Kavanaugh. 

It states that one "must be 
liberated from an area such as 
language, customs or 
morality ... to be able to laugh 
about it. For example, if you 
are liberated from yourself, 
you can laugh about your 
baldness," he says. 

Kavanaugh feels that the 
people in his class exemplify 
this parallel between laughter 
and liberation. When he tells 
sexually·oriented jokes or uses 
common four·letter words in 
his class, some people, he 
finds, are offended. Those who 
are liberated with respect to 
morality, however, will laugh, 
he observes. 

Kayanaugh thinks so many 
different value systems exist in 

a prot ... iOD&l corporaUoo 

The Country Deli 
..., ..... 01 our de41e1oul.., __ .... 

-voI-01 eQUal 01 '- ..... relax A NewSlore ... r'.' ••• FIll _ 2 pm - •••• 
• .... __ at...' 
: COUfIItV : , , 
: ~ .. ~ : 

: ~ : , 
• , 
, 

.I 
' ~... .:P expI,.. feblualY '2. '910 

La Jolla Village Square 

Your life style Is casual 
and comfortable ... rightl 
so ... there's a great little 

Dr. Robert Kavanagh 
today's society that there are a 
"lot of dangers in trying to 
mak'e people laugh, We have 
gone back to a period similar 
to the immigration period 
where we interact with an ' I 
don't know your values' 
feeling," he says, 

• Kavanaugh became 
interested in " laughter 
therapy" while working with 
dying people seven years ago. 
He fell overwhelmed with the 
atmosphere of grief around 
him and began looking for 
something else to rdease him 
from the sadness of dying and 
death. His answer-laughter. 

One facet of laughter which 

5 

intrigues Kavanaugh is how 
"laughter seems to be a way to 
cope with things we cannot 
instantly digest." He 
remembers laughing when told 
that 20 million people would 
be killed if an atomic bomb 
were dropped on Los 
Angeles. 

"I laughed because I could 
not conceivq of that enormous 
number of deaths atone time," 
he says. 

Kavanaugh also recalls 
that, while he was chaplain for 
the State Po~ce POllt, he was 
asked to tell a boy about the 
death of his father. 

Please tum 10 fXJge 8 

North County Medical Cen .. r 
9853 Erma Road, Suite 107 

Mira lIIe. 
'prot...tonal _rvi.,.. Dot laclud'" &81-8800 

- ~ LQ'=7~ ..~. 10X1 ' ... ey "-_ ~ store In La Jolla Village Square called REIAX ... and we 
6110"....._ 

Son DIego. CA 2fM7 .. 

Ready to get Involved 
for the lost (or first) 
time? Muir Grad-
uation Committee 
needs student help 
planning & running 
our 1980 graduation. 

Meet with us 
Tuesday, Feb 5 at 
noon in the Muir 
Conference Room, or 
contact the Muir 
Dean's Office. 

have just the kind of clothes 
you are looking for ... 
like this comfortable 
cotton bfend shirt 
with a crisp cotton trim ... 
SUPER' 

Regular $22.50 
RElAX VAWE ... 

$12.99 



1h~y,Jan. 31 , 1980 

Getting .n 
a \ To Careei:r 

Basic Four 

• cs. 
Getting ahead is the game's name. And to-get ahead, 
you need a company that will listen to your creative 
ideas. 
And so that your creative ideas can be executed, you 
also need a growing company that has the very latest 
in state-of-the-art technologies at its disposal. 
But, above all else, you need a company that will reward 
you for your technological successes. Reward you, 
with career advancement. . 
Basic: Four is all this ... and more. 
Founded in~1971 as a subsidiary of Management Assist-
ance Inc .~ Basic Four is now a proven pioneer and 
world leader in the small computer industry. 
Our growing network of direct sales offices and deal-
ers in over eighty U.S. locations ... and thirty foreign 
countries .. . makes your future in Basic Four a sound 
investment.' 
Currently, we have immediate openings for graduates 
with degrees in Computer Science, Electronic Engi· 
neering, Industrial Engineering and Business Admin· 
istration. 
We are located in beautiful Orange County, southern 
Calif<;>rnia's golden spot. Where you can swim, bicycle 
and back-pack nearly all year 'round. Where you can 
enjoy the L.A. night·life - without living in LOs Angeles. 
And our good pay and c::omprehensive benefits · make 
the southern California good-life, .even better. 
If you 're interested in starting your career with a com-
pany that 's a world leader, then send your resume to 
the address below. Better still , visit your placement 
center on February 6th. 
Because February 6th is the day when Basic Four 
comes to you. It's the day when we can both get 
to basics. 
Your career basics. 

® 
B.ASIC FOUR CORPORA liON 
14101 New Myford Road 
Tustin, CA 92680 
We are an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer M /F 

Thunday, Jan. 31, 1980 

Classified 
announcement 
If YO" Ip88k bet_ one and 18 different 
tanguages. don1 misa Muir R.. Hall 
Council's Langu ' gII Table. 6 pm M W Th. 
Slreet Hustle UtICO Dance program 5 
weeks lor $15.00 beginning Tues Feb 5th 
"nding March ,4th limited registration call 
today! Betty's Dance Scene 01 LaJoIIa459· 
4321. (2/1) 
Teach In On Iran and Afghanista(1 A Call to 
Reason HL Lecture Hall 7:30 pm Thursday 
(2/1) 
INTERESTED IN WRITING SCIENCE? If SO. 
The Daily Guardian needs you. Call Peler 
Mortensen. Sci. Ed. 452·3466. 
" Touch: Ws as vital as lood." Accepting 
applications from touch-pos~lve individuals 
or couples who understand a child saying, "I 
would like 10 be a puppy because then 
people would like to hold me." or who have 
lelf sometimes that they could jump out of 
their Skin with thelf need to be held close by 
someone. Dr. Kaufman Phd. 291 ·7049. 
(2/ 2) 
Raquetban at Black MI. Thur. nite play 2 
hours lor 2 buCkS! Meet at Urey hall mailbo. 
at 8:30 pm. (1/31) 
Warren College valentine flower and candy 
sale Feb 13 & H Revelle Plaza 50¢ each 
S 1.00 lor ,bOlh. (1 /30·2/ 13) 
LA- SO UNLESS ... 
CHINATOWN: a vision 01 SD's Future? 2/ 2 
6pm USB 2722 adm. 51. (1/31) 
TonlghHhedraH. Stop It before ~ starts. 5·7 
pm North Conlerence Rm. Nighl and log 
action. ( t 131) 
WASHINGTON DC INTERNSHIPS- Pick 
up applicalions beginning ne.t Monday at 
CASINO in StUdent Cemer. (2/1) 
personals 
Suzie Slalom: can't walt to see you at the 
RISC victory celebratIon I'll be wearing a red 
carnation In my coal. Racingly your Mike 
Mogul (2/1) 

Warren college valentine flower and candy 
sale Feb 13 & t4 Revelle Plaza 50¢ each 
$1.00 lor both. (2/t 3) 
Mike Mogul: Hope you remamber how to sk i 
the bumps. Friday is my btrthday so you 
know \tIIlat I'll be weartng. SuzIe Slalom 
(2/ 1) 
The taste of victory was sweel. tn Aspen we 
danced In Ihe streel$. Now that the cups 
Itnalfy here. II's tIme to raIse your beers. And 
T casl the Radically Inclined Ski Club's year. 
(21 1) 
What has two rock bands. an open bar. and 
the offICial AII·Cal cup wilh movies? The 
Aspen victory c elebration at the 

InlemaiionaicenterFridaythelstolFeb. at 
8;00 Tickets at the UEO. (2/1 ) 

for sale 
'72 \IW BUO. automatic. AM. 30 mls. per 
galton. rebui" eng .. runs great! 439·3820 
aller 5. (Have to setllo pay ott note.) (211) 
1976 Ford van. Immaculale. Beautiful 
Interior. Best oner or Irade for small car. 
452·3243; 455·7230 (2 / 1) 
Intramural Teams and Dorms AUentlon! Get 
sllkscreen printed .T ·shirls. We print 
anything: Team names. logos. numbers. 
etc. Low pricesl Quiet< deliveryl Call 455· 
9563 Evenings ask for Torn. (2 / 1) 
For sale: 77 Yamaha RD 400 Fasl Clean 
Stock 452·0775.(2/1) 
Trench coat. London fog zip out lining shell 
also Uned. Small to med. $25.00 755·3668. 
(1/ 31 ) 
TV 16- Bt&Wh Zen~h includes rabbil ears 3 
local stations $3000 755·3666 (tl31) 
1979 Rossignol ST·comps 195 cm. LoOk 
bindings Exnt condo $175.00454·9837 aMr 
6 pm. (2/1) 

housing 
Two female housemales wanled to share 3 
bedroom house in Mira Mesa with 
engineering stUdent. $ISO month plus 1/3 
utilities. 225·2163. 271 ·6027. ASk lor 
Robert. non·smOklng pnly (2/1) 
Room available near UCSO in 3 bdrm 
condo. No pelS, non-smOker. $1 SOl mo. Call 
452-7394. (2/1) 
Roommate beach house in Leucadia. own 
room 20 mlns Irom campus 135 per month 
plus utilities. 755·0 tOO eves. (2/1 ) 
Dorm Uving means fun and PIritie!!. Best 
posit ion on campus available now. Call 455· 
9068. (2 / t ) 
Female roommate. Grad or senior prelerred 
own room in PB ocean Ironl apt. 5200 plus 
utilities 486-0366. (2/ 1) 
Roorn available in 2 bdrm condo walk 10 
UCSO 1 15l mo 452·8937. (2 / t ) 
Share my 2 bedroom house In Quiet 
neIghborhood Crown PI.. PB area 401 1 
SeQuoIa Smoker Ok. Fumlshed except for 
your bed $1 70 plus Y, utilities. Ask lor JIm 
nights 270·t004. Days 427·2677. (211) 
Room for rent in Solana Beach house. 133 
per month plus share 01 utilities 461 · t 567. 
AVAIL NOW! (21 1) 
Roommale for nice house in N.Clairemont 
with Med. student.Audio Eng $130 musIc. 
no druggists. Dave 452·2759.(211) 
Opening for student in dorms. Call Dean 
Ganz 453·3332.(2 / 6) 

UCSD THEATRE 
presents 

William Shakespeare's 
, 

TWELFTH 
NIGHT 

"His Most Joyful Comedy" 

directed by Eric Chrisbnas 

The Daily Guardian 

wanted 
WANTED: Chaperones and lutors for 
Europe and Mexico toura. Discounts lor 
you: services. Call 714·540·9477.(211) 
Responsible . female preferred person 
needed 10 help handicapped lemale 
Siudent livino on campus part time 53.50 per 
hour. Hours negotiable cali Camille 455· 
5919 (2/1) 
Roommates wanted. Family of 3 need 
persons to share new 4 bdl2b1h horne. 
Garden? fplce. pi use 439·3820 after 5. 
(2/1 ) 
Responsible person (student or employed) 
to stay with 2 Jr. Hi kids ~ar 10· Apr 1. 453· 
7267. (2 / 1) 
I will pay your train fare to LA this Fri.. return 
Monday. ir you will babysit my 7 yr old on the 
ride. 481 ·7226. (1/30.31) 
OVERSEAS JOBS - Summer Iyear round 
Europe. S. America. AUstralia, ASIa. Etc. All 
Fields, 5S00-1 200 monthly. Expenses paid. 
Sightseeing Free Info write IJC. Box 52·52 
Corona Del Mar Ca 92625 (2 / 18) 
HeY! Got a sting.r~y bike or wetsu~ to sell? 
large sz. need both. Call Bikey al 455· 
0826 (1/31) 

lost & found 
I lost a Texas Inslrument SR·50 calculator 
in USB 2722 or HSS 2250. If somebody 
found it please call 453·7363.(214) 

Found lealher jacket Thursday 1·24 use 
3070 Call Kevin 455·9376 (2/1 ) 
LOSI gold ladies 10 bracelet If lound please 
call 453·0127 reward. (2/1) 

are on "apace propultion/cotoniZ8lion." 
Pleaae cal Rob S. 560-8183 TNlnk you lor 
any help you can "ldend. (1/31) 
Lost HP calculator afOtM1d H.L LIIat __ 
call Charlie 455·0489 Reward. (2/6) 
Reward. ~ck/ ... Me Aspen Ski jacket 
misplaced at Pub last Sal. need keys In 
pocket No Ques. 4~·1709 (2/6) 
Lost in use 2722 small blue backpack with 
leather bottom. "Martin" patch and oIher 
patch. Reward! CaW 453·2305 Brad. (2/6) 
travel 
CIEE Sludent Trlvellocated on the second 
floor 01 the student centeropen MWF9· 1 Tu 
Th 12·3. (3/1 4) 
SANTABARBARA· Am driving up Fri Feb 8 
to ralurn Sun t Oth. Need 1·3 people 10 share 
gas e)(p8nse. With lull load only 55 per 
person! Teri 484·1979.(1 13t) 

services 
HOMEWORKERS: Earn S50.00/ hundred 
securing. stuffing envelopes. Free details. 
reply: Titan. L 14W. Box 94485. Schaumber. 
111. S0124. (2/1) 
Typists: IBM exper I theses/dlsser /term 
papers / edlting. RUSH jobsI453-<lS56. 452· 
1488. 266-4936. 225·1449. (6/15) 

JENNY'S HOME TYPING- Term papers. 
theses. diss. Days and eves. 225·1449 
(Sm 
Dlssertal i onlthesls! Ha~e your 
dissertationl thesis put Into memory which 
saves lime and $1 Additions. deletions & 
corrections simplilied·parfect copy. Call 
296·6973 before 3 pm. ask for AUdrey. (2 / 6) 

Stompers 
Stirred 
ContinUA!d from tHrIIC 2 

7 

bac'k and let your feet ,tamp 
the next lime you hear one of 
thoae "boring" Tom Petty 
twlea; your feet are much 
more obaervant than your 
ear" eyes or brain. And the 
next time you review a 
perfonnance, take note of 
factor. other than your own 
prejudice - trying to tum your 
reader. off to a rising, and 
maybe main.tream, rock 'n 
roller. 

JEFF BROWN 
MIKE LOCK 

Answer is 
Hermitism 
Continued from page 2 
reaffirming my .upport for 
Montgomery and hil ideal, 
and by offering a challenge to 
Hemken. I challenge him to 
halt his sophomoric berating of 
Montgomery's grammar and 
the efficacy of the AS, and to 

Typing! Fast. accurate Call AAAAAA Inc. address the real problem of 
Lost: goldtone "B" i n~ia l on a stiCk pin. If 235·6244. (2/ 16) social Me here. I challenge 
lound please call Martha at 452·2519. Need help with your wr~ing English. Hemken to quit complaining 
Thanks! (2/1) resumes? Let a nationally published writer nd th I 
Lost: Between Mayer HaU and Gilman assist you. Strong academIC background. a come up wi a so ution. 
numerous notes. Loose 'e.' 3·"ng notes ..L..::.2:.:22:....2:.:0:.:.7.;;1 .~(2=:/:-:t ;.:" ____ -:-__ --' DANIEL RUDNICK 

Inside look q.t Symphony Set 
An inside look at the San 

Diego Symphony with resident 
conductor Charles Ketcham, 
music director Peter Eros and 
gues t pianist Paul Schenly wi l! 
be presented for the public in 
an exlensioQ class beginning 
this evening. 

Titled "The San Diego 

Symphony: On Stage and 
Behind the Scenes," the class 
includes lectures, a chance to 
stud y the music to be 
performed this season, and 
attendance at four concerts. 

Lectures on campus will be 
held 7·8:30 pm tonight a nd 
March 5 in Room 1110 of the 

Psychology and Linguistics 
Building. 

Beginning at 6 pm on Feb. 6 
and Ma rch 13, there will be a 
combination lecture and 
attendance at a symphony 
dress rehersal at the Civic 
Theatre downtown. 

Humanities & Social Sciences 

SENIORS 

Management Training Programs 

I 
Job info on management training, 
what ft is, how people are selected. 

I 
. Meet a panel of 
training program coordinators 

and UCSD alumni. 

TODAY 
8:00 pm UCSD THEATRE 

February 7, 8, 9, 10 and 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 
N. Conf. Room 
Student Center 

3-5 pm 
Student $3.25, General $4.50 

Phone: 452·4574 12:00 . 4:30 



8 

Laughter 
the street with their purebred 
dog, when two nuns come the 
other way with a mutl. The 
mutt mates your purebred. 
What do you do?" 

Thursdar, .lan. 31. 1980 

COIIfjnuea from flO~. , Kavanaugh has a method 

Financial Aids Office is Looking 
For Students Wh~ Need Its Help 

"The boy laughed," says of encouraging class UCSD financial Aids Office has laun hed 
Kavanaugh, "which, at the participation which he feels his an "information" campaign in an effort to 

transportation to and from the university and on 
and off.campus room and board. 

time, I thought was extremely st u den t sen joy. The recruit assistance·eli~ible students before the 
inIIpprupiate." This type of participation is registered on a feb. 11 priority deadline. 

Monetary awards to cover these costs are 
usually in the form of scholarship!!, grants, low· 
interest loans, and work·study programs. reaction, he now believes, "h u m 0 r the r mom e t e r'" The deadline is applicable to most granhi and 

"may be nature'. way to keep ("humor degrees" are scholarships for the 1980-81 ilcademic year. According to Dave, the "welfare mentality" 
perception of college financial aid is 
disappearing. "There's a very large pool of 
monies available for middle income students," 
said Dave, "and it growing all the time." 

us sane." determined by the class vote). . "Many students have been discouraged from 
In hi. exten.ion cia .. , applying because of misinformation and 

Kavanaugh diacuues the uses R I unawareness of their eligibility," said AI Dave, 
o. humor in business, ecyc e financial Aids Director. "I'm sure there are a 
teaching, society and solitude. • ., ThI.S number of eligible students who have not filed 
Members of the clais are an application," he said. 

- By ~ight Samuel Gooch 

Draft Resistance entour. to take a trouble D "We're trying to saturate the campus with 
they are having and re-write it raper informative posters and a new Student 
in humorous term. "to liberate Financial Services Handbook that explains all Continued fTom page 1 
thimaelVeII from the trouble by aspects of financial aids available to students," no student deferment and, although he hasn't 

made an announcement, indications are that 
women will be included in registration. 
~i"llhemselvea and others said Dave. 
laugh, he says. Dave urges every student to apply for 

financial assistance and to "let me tell them 
Kavana.h also gives his whether or not they are eligible. Most students 

ct. •• · ~hcioua problem usually meet requirernenhi for at least some "I don't think people will fight for oil wells. If the problem is that we're so energy dependent 
we 'll start a military conflict in order to get more 
oil wells , we'll foolishly squander our lives," 
Sabo said. 

.a.,alionl- which they must assistance," Dave said. 
_e. "I give them a caJe financial help is available to cover school 
_wher __ e--,the_y_a_r_e_w_al_k_ing __ down ____ ~------:!L...----- tuition and fees, books and supplies, 

I:.. 

NEW COMMI7TEE OPENING 

Muir CoI~e need. a representative 
for the Recreation Center Board 

IMMEDIA TEL V! 
Here'. your chance to let into the action 

at Muir! Application. are available now at 
M.O.M. 

... 

Since 1975 

IEII. 
,tllo Icnlil'ill/C Volv". 9/4'1, IlIIa JIII."!!U CII" 

(formerly Mobile VW Service) 
..,.' fe' '''".1' 11,111 It·" 11'('//(/'" IIm;liNK IC'"iu ellll, (() CII" ,1., will '10/ 

1111,.,: "o .. ~,,·(',.. II~' 'r(' I'IIPII)! '''111 w" II"" no,,' IIb/" In off!!, .1'01111 much 
IIIf'J('" "II,i('/'I' til r""'/t'(' Rlf you,. "..,. You kilO", I~m flUf pfrvioullld, Ihlll 
nu,. P";(,C'II" loll', bill ,no,r ;mpo"'II"' 1l1li" IIUlI II ou, liltC('rr aelue 10 

'''';~r /01' Ihl' IIhrolulc P"/'ttllollt"l1l I d("lIIIlId from myself lI"a my 
,""c/'lIl1ieS. Oil' ,/('I<I '"clllirm ;11 Millioll V.II"y il equlppfti wilh Ihe 1;"1l1I 
{llei/ilills ro I(',.V;CC you, VIII. MIIII.!' ".., 0"'''0'1(0 {rom Oil/! ,"op 10 
111/011,(', .. ~",d/!';IIf( i{t"ey ",ill ('ve' /i1ll1 011(' Ilrlll U 1t01ltff, l),mptllh('I;C, 
t'lIpt1h1t IIlId I,ic·,ldly. 

// .1''''' "IIV(' ht'l'lI aiHIII;S/;N w;lh ynll' fIIIl/ l('I'lIi('('. II,t'II YOII hllil" ".It 
I,ica Ollr s/rn" ),.'1 . ..,(' I~" 1/1 bc' "IJ""lel;I;V(' 01/ ,wiel's. hUl . 11'(' Of(' rrllll,' 
"'0', ' ('(lI/cWllt·.1 will, hl'i/lX Sal/ Oit'IIIJ S ";XII('sl qualily S/10111lto/l ;IS . 
('//( ·OII{·SI. . 

1" 'I',v lo('t' ;1 . 1I/0SII'r ('rojlS/I/('1/ do 1/01 lI'orA ('/'('0/11, '.1 Aty 1I/('('ltOI/;('s 
or<, Oll/II/I~ /"' ''/III1''I'SI "oid U'II'h·It,·n·. hll/ 1111'\ ' or ...... ·/1 ... 11"" 1"1' CIJSI. 
II' .. "0",' 1'11 Iro,,/I ·, ·s. I dt! /101 I"ft'rol l' Sftllrt nilS fir ;"jl'rillr I'ort S. 0" /111' 
.·tl/llrOrl ·. 1\"' /1.1'" ~I}"da//"I'IIII;'/I/( 'S "" IIIIf ,'1111;/11' rd"liIJ,' II'lti,." 1111 111/1/''' 
'/11'1 11 ',1', '. 11IIt! "" . or, IIt, · Olllt · sit "I' 11/11 ·\\'It ,·,.· 11101 X'III/'IIIII,·,·s /llIr ' ·IIXill l'.I' 
,n ',," ~ UI 1'011 "11'11 , '1 )//1' I'U/' ) "/I It"'T III " lH'rsfI//(I1 ~lInm'JlI '" / Itu/ pili ",ill 
h .. (',,111/""" '/' IUI/I/I, ·., \l'IIIt .I/If .1.,,. '11 ,. /".,." . ..,HlOm~r,S ,mpUr/OIllI Il 'If 
(lilt! "'If " 'I'II/flI/"" /1 .1/'"//, 1\ /'ll'os, 101/ lor dl'lolls. / ' I 

• SlIwa, ·I.". ,'i"'j ,.-; <.' ,.t.~ 
IIIXIIII r, ·II/IIM 1\·I/I'III,, ·\/JI, ·' .1 /JII,llIlIlItlnl III '''' ,·olt·"s S./511.1)1I 
1'11111'- /11 ' Oil" ,."It'" Od/IIlIIl/"I// (hll~1 ~.': 511 
\ "' II' dlll,It /lo,a <f IJlwlI S'/5.1I1/ 
H,'/IO" 0 1/ 1' " Ii ft 'uA .I _. /5(/1/11/1 
1\"11' "11' "1I1111'/'rs ~_'j . Oil "otl, 
SII,,('r H"I'I/"$/lIl1'kl $.'/). /)O ,.tI( It 
/ ' O/lloSI;" s/"/'I radIals $Jf)./)f/ 

....... 
_ '.IYI. 
" •• 1.0 .. 

OnN 7 /M YS 7 J() a m. 7. JO /I. m. 280·42J2 

~ommuni1y / Associated Student 
Internship OffIce 

presents 

Washington D.C. 
Internship Program 

CAUTlDN: UDIDAClIVl ...... n .. u 

Applications are available Monday, February 
4. from CASINO for 20-25 summer internship 
positions in Washington, D.C. Interns will work 
for approximately 10 weeks in the offices of 
legislators, government agencies, businesses, 
public Int~rest groups and other 
organizations. A few paid positions are 
available, but most are volunteer, Academic 
Credit is available. Applicants must have 
junior standing as of June. 1980. For more 
Information, please attend one of the 

following two orientation meetings: 
Monday. Feb 4 .................... 5:00 pm 
Thursday, Feb 7 ..................... 5:00 pm 

North Conference Room. Student Center 

IRAN ~ & 
AFGHANISTAN 

_ . _ The first steps to what? 
./~~:~.. . , 
, .~ ~ 

" 

.' 

A call for a critical analysis 
of the world crisis 

--a teach .. in--

TODAY! 
7:30 pm 
HL Aud. 

Speakers: 
Herb Schiller: 

The Role of Mass Media in the Crisis 
Rick Nadeau: 

Significance of a Historical Perspective 
John Hardesty: 

Political Economy of Oil 
Gregg Robinson: 

Afghanistan and the Cold War 

Sponsored by the Progressive Coalition and 
the New Indicator 


