
The Daily': Guardian 
VolUme 39, Number 12 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, January 22, 1980 

c......&.. ,.Iooto by MeItItew GieJt 
Bill Wa)ton talks over his situation before the current 
NBA ~son beg~. '!he San Diego Clipper star has been 
our With a foot Injury· all leason, but UCSD's Paul 
Saltrnan thinks he knows the IOlution to Walton's 
problems. 

UCSD Diet Helps 
Walton's Foot Heal 

By Peter Mortensen 
Science Editor . 

lne nagging foot problems that have plagued San Diego 
Clipper's star basketball player Bill Walton maybe over, thanks 
to. diap9Ji. ,and . trea~nt by Vice-chancellor Paul Saltman. 

Walton, an avowed vegetarian, was lacking iron, manganese 
and zinc in his diet, according to Saltman. To correct the 
situation, Walton has been placed on a diet containing more 
protein-rich foods and is receiving a solution of calcium 
magnesium and other minerals. ' 

Sellman says that "in two weeks since treatment began, the 
foot has shown great improvement." 

He b,ecame involved in the Walton case al a relult of hil 
participation in a recent meeting on sports medicine. At the 
meeting Walton' 1 persistent foot problems were discussed. After 
a conversation with Walton's personal physician, Dr. Ernie 
Vanderway, Sal.trnan decided he and his coneagues might be 
able to do something to remedy the situation . . 

With help from an associate, Dr. Jack Hegenauer, and Dr. 
Robert Allen from the Student Health Center, blood samples 
were drawn fr~m Walton's foot and analyzed for metal 
deficiencies . 

"We did not want to radically change his diet ... to include red 
meat," Saltman says. The slight change in diet (lots of fish) and 

_ ~pplement of mineral solutions were chosen as treatment for 
Wallon because it could be simply and easay worked into his 

~es~le. . 
"I can't take full credit for Walton's improvement," Saltman 

says, explaining that it was a cortlbination of available medical 
technology and a number of experta' consultation that may put 
the celebrated sporta figure back in action. 

Laugh Therapy Author to 
SpeQk on Medical Ethics , 

Norman Cousins, former Saturday Review editor and author 
of Anatomll 01 an Illness, will apeak at Mandeville Auditorium 
Tuesday, Feb. 5 at 7:30 pm. 

COUIins, once affected with a crippling disease, developed a 
nghly controversial therapy after finding traditional methods 
ineHective. 

. Centering his therapy aroand humor, Cousins moved out of 
the hospital, into a hotel and ''laughed'' his way out of hisillne ... 

Cousin'. lecture, titled "Medical Ethics and Professional 
Responsibilities to the Public in ~medical Science," is part of 
the Heelth Science Adviiory program's lecture series, "Future 
Perspectives in American Health Care." 

Recipient of honorary degrees in science, ~terature and law 
from 38 universities, Cousinl is now a member of the faculty of 
the Department of Psychiatry and 8iobehavioral Sciences at 
UCLA Medical School. 

TICkets will be required for admittance to the lecture and were 
available free at the box office starting yesterday. 

PRe Plotting Strategy · . 
For Declining Enrollment 

By Jeff ~eaford.Howe 
News Editor 

A hard-nosed report which would guide the 
campus during the next few academic years is 
now being revised. 

The PrOjram Review Committee of the 
Academic Senate is considering a paper from 
ita Contingency Planning Task Force which 
recommends: 

- faculty members be allocated partly 
· based on · a formula which weights a 

department's graduate students heaviest and 
upper division undergraduates next. 

- that no new departments be fonned, and 
that currently existing programs 
(Communications, Third World Studies~ etc.) 
continue to hire their .faculty through other 
departmenta; • 

- the retention of all current departments; 
- a study be undertaken to examine the 

value of the college system; 
- that a "modest reallocation," achieved 

gradually, be sought which would distribute a 
few more professors in the humanities and 
social sciences. 
. The report, prepared by a group including 
administrators and faculty as well as one 
student, is designed to be a "long term influence 
on the way PRC acta,".accoroing to Richard 
Attiyeh, committee chainnan and economics 
professor. 

"The report tries to draw a compromise 
between financial resources and meeting the 
needs of·the .tudents," Attiyeh says. 

Migrating Whales 
Visible Off 'Coast 
· This whale was spotted recently 5 miles 
off the coast of San Diego, ~ of between 
10,000 and 15,000 whales which annually 
migrate to the warmer and quieter waten of 
the Baja coell. 
• The whales, fint seen in this area in early 
November, migrate from the Bering and 
Chukchi Seas to calve in Baja lagoons, 
according to Don Wilke, director of Scripps 
Aquarium Museum. 

They travel at about four miles per hour 
durill( the day, and can be leen best from 
area cliff. between noon and 4 pm, Wilke 
saya. The whales wiD then head north in 
March and April, but wiJl swim too far off 
thore to be leen from the coast, accordinl to 
Wilke. 

"It would apply whether JarvisU came out or 
not, because it would jUit establith general 
priorities for the committee." 

The PRC is responsible for handling much of 
the review of deparbnents and programs on 
campus, and is one of the most influential 
bodies on campus in tenns of resource 
allocation. 

The task force auumed declininl 
enrollment, then went on to try and "recognize 
the system which governs faculty a intrnents 
anyway," Attiyeh says, an establish 

nun:'~ric standards for allocating faculty 
poSitions. 

Each department would be given a "core 
Please 111m '0 pafe 4 
Regent~ Must ' 
Tell Holdings, 
Judge Rules 

By CarolYn Friday 
SaCramento Correspondent 

The UC Regents will not appeal a 
preliminary injunction awarding them only a 
brief period of grace before disclosinj their 
financial holdings, UC Attorney Donald 
Reidhaart announced Friday. 

Reidharrt a110 said the case will go to trial, 
indicating the Regents are prepared to go to the 
bitter end in their fight to resist _Iosure, 
despite J:eCent criticill1l that the protracted court 
battle is financed by state fWlda. 

The Fair Political Practices Commiuion has 
been attempting for the put two years to force 
UC Regents to comply with Proposition 9, 
which requires all publiC officials to report their 
financial holdings. 

The preliminary injunction, illued by San 
Francisco Superior Court Judge Byron Arnold, 
does not completely support the FPPC, but 
neither does it meet the Regents' desire to 
provide their own conditions for disclosure. 

Judge Arnold ordered disclosure of all 
intersta in real property in California valued in 
.excess of $1,000 owned by a Regent, his wife 
or a dependent child as well as all income 
exceeding $250. 

The judge's ruling also included any 
investment or sources of income from 
companies that ·have done business with UC in 
the last two years or in the foreseeable future. 

Judge Arnold set the deadline for the 
disclosure at April 1 of this year. As the trial 
date has not yet been set, it is unlikely the 
Regenta will be able to ayoid compliance with 
the disclosure a.-this time. 

Several Regents are still considering the 
possibility of resigning rather than make the 
disclosures. 

One Regent who may resign is Robert O. 
Reynolds, a Los Angeles businessman arid 
chairman of the Board. 

Re.rn0lds protesta he does not and never has 
had 'any investment remotely resembling a 
conflict. " 

Regent DeWitt Higgs, a San Diego attorney, 
told one reporter last week his complaint was 
against the public part of the disclosure. Higgs 
said he was willing to file a report on his 
holdings with ~e state Attorney General, but 
did not want to reveal them publicly in order to 
protect his wife. 

Please 111m '0 PORe 4 ' 



2 

Facts Show Davis In· 
Same Struggle as King 
Editor: 

The Jan. 18 Letter to the 
Editor by David Phelps about 
the inappropriateness of 
haW. Angela Davis speak 
during the same week we 
celebrate Martin Luther 
Kina's birth demonstrated a 
total ignorance of the struggle 
for freedom Martin Luther 
King and Angela Davis stand 
for. By pitting King asainst 
Davia and her political 
organization, Phelps has fallen 
prey to much of the media 
manipulation of today, which 
obIcures the thinking of many 
po ... - y intelligent people. 

F'nt of all, it seems that 
Phelps has a l!I'CuIiar seme of 
what ArweIa Davia is actually 
doing. Ifhe knew what Davis 
and the National Alianee 
-ApUwt RaciIll1 and Political 
R.epreuion are doing. such as 
protali"l the movement of 
the Ku Klux Klan, m.tead of 
believing the biased reports he 
has heard, then he would 
understand that Angela Davis 
• W8Iin8 the same struggle kins waged more than a 
deciIde ago. Thil is the 
....... g1e to liberate all people in 
America from the vice. of their 
~'Itated that Angela 
Davil believes in a "very 
euperior elite cl8ll" and a110 
that her organization would 
"achie\Ie this only through 
fora and violence." When 
Devil and her party can 
orpnize 10,000 people to 
march on CaptiaI Hill for the 
fniedam of a moster, Rev. 
Ben Chavis, who was being 
unjuItIy held prilOner (in other 
worda, hostage) by America's 
represlive police force or when 
10,000 people. organi~ by 

her party to march in protest to 
the KKK in Raleigh, NC, }:ou 
should well know that they are 
fighting that "very superior 
elite daM." 

Angela Davis, in her talk 
last Friday night, said nothing 
of using force or violence to 
achieve freedom; in fact, the 
only time force and violence 
are uaed in movements, such 
as those embodie<J- by King 
and Davis is when the brutal 
tools (ie, the police force and 
federal troops) of America's 
oppressive, capitalistic 
government are called out to 
murder and destroy people 
Itruggling to be free. 

By linking Davis and the 
NAARPR to Communist 
RUllia, Phelps is trying to 
dilregard what Davis and her 
party are actually fighting for 
in this country. Just because 
you are a capitalist does not 
necelsarily mean you IUpport 
the policies of other capitalilltic 
governmentl, such as the 
apartheid regime in South 
Africa. 

It il absurd that Phelps said 
he understood "the hatred 
King was fighting" and it is 
a110 absurd that he would 
mention "America" and 
"freedom" in the same line, as 
if the two terml were related. 
That hatred King was fighting 
il woven deeply into the fabric 
of thil American capitaliltic 
system. 1be same sYltem that 
set up the scenario for the 
murder of King il burning that 
fire of hatred and ignorance 
that causes people like David 
Phelps to oppose the freedom 
people and organizations on 
thil campus, like the Student 
Affirmative Action Commit-

Please tum to page 7 

'Black' Musicals 
Merely Novelties 

By Jeff Beresford-Howe 
I had a high school journalism teacher who took a bunch of 

.us to see The Wiz. He'd heard it was a good show, and he 
thought taking ua with him was a way to get closer to a staff 
that had displayed more independence than campus 
disciRlinarians believed ~as appropriate. 

I loved the show, but as we left he said it was· a "nigger 
musical," one of the worst thingslre'd e'ver seen on the stage. 

. 

. Jeff Beresford-Howe is the news editor for the Daily 
Guardian. 

I dismissed his opinion as cant~itkerous; he has several 
allergies that make him constantly 'and powerfully irritable in 
the spring_ 

But I remembered what he said over this last quarter break 
when I went to see Timbuktu! a touring company doing an all-
black rewrite of Kismet. 

The musical theater required a unique combination of 
talents, so the credits of its actors tend to be incentuous; 
everybody's worked the same musicals a number of times . 
The only difference between an actor's credits is the quality of 
the company with which he's performed. 

For Timbuktu!, virtually the entire cast had appeared in 
one or more of several stock black musicals: Raisin, The 
Wiz, Purlie. the Negro Hello Dolly (mid-'60s), the Black 
Pal Joey or Bubbling Brown Sugar . 

What united those musicals was that they contributed 
virtually nothing to the theater. 

Broadway theater has never had anywhere near its share 
of black. on the boards, 10 these shows are novelties, a 
chance to see blacks performing msuic and lOngs with a 
"black beal." Never mind that the orchestras, for example, 
were virtually all-white. 

Shows like Timbuktu! adopt essentially the same 
viewpoints and conventions that "white" musicals like My 
Fair Lady have held to for years_ There is entertainment 
value to lOme of the black shows, The Wiz being the best 
example. The Wiz would do well with almost any kind of cast, 
but most of the other "black" shows fade quickly. The novelty 
isn't enough to make up for the Jilck of originality or nair that 
most of them show. Please tum to (>age 7 

The Daily Guardian Tuesday, January 22, 1980 

Dedication to Equality For All Is 
Goal· Davis Shares.With King 
Editor: 

I do not intend to criticize . 
y~u for printing Dave Phelp's 
letter (Jan 18); yeti feel I muat 
respond to Phelp's attack on 
Angela Davis as a speaker for 
Martin Luther King week_ I 
am utterly dumbfounded that 
a supposedly educated student 
at our university can be 10 

. ignorant, first about Martin 
Luther King, still one of the 
handful of important leaders in 
our time, and second about 
Angela Davis herself - her 
1C0als, aspirations and, 
background. My mouth hangs 
open in disbelief. If Phelps is 
going t6 hilicize the 
affirmative · action groups' 
choice of speakers, he should 
at least indicate that he has 
lOme actual awareness in this 
area. Phelps should 
understand the most basic 
relationship between the goals 
of all the leaders - from King 
-to Malcolm X., Cleaver, 
Davis, Guevara, Zapata; 
Ltmumba or any of the 
many others. 

Although I realize I am not 
qualified to speak for these 

peopl~, I do have the ability to 
make one important 
connection: These leaders and 
those who believe in them are 
struggling for equality in an 
elitist world. Davis is not a 
"militant" Black woman; she 
is a woman who is trying to 
reach all of us - black, white, . 
brown, female, gay or 
whatever "minority" you may 

'choose to identify with - and 
to unite all of us against an 
Dppressive state allat has 
controlled all of us for too long. 
And if you can't recognize this 
oppression - well, you've 
been a model student, ready to 
slide right into the slot you've 
been assigned for life_ 

1/ Phelps had attended 
. Davis' speech (I did not see 

him), he would have found 
that Davis does not advocate 
violence, if that is what is 
scaring him; of course neith~r 
did King. As for the fact that 
she is a "card-carrying 
Communist," it only IOUnds as 
if you have learned your Cold 
War propaganda well. Do you 
carry a card in your wallet 
labeling you a "fool"? 

Davis' speech Frida), left me 
at times in moments of despair 
and anger, yet filled with many 
more feelings of hope. 

Nine hundred people were 
willing to wait outside in the 

cold wind and occasional rain 
for well over an hour, waiting 
to hear Davis in an auditorium 

~hich we, all realized ' could 
hold only 350 people_ 
Fortunately USB 2622 was 
opened up and Davis' speech 
piped in, 10 that the hundreds 
who could not get in could at 
least gather together in a jam-
packed room and listen to her 
speak: It has been a Jong time 
since 10 many individuals 

And it is whites like Phelps 
which cause me to be so 
ashamed of my race at times. 

But I really felt lOme 
inspiration of sorts in that 
hallway. There was one little 
boy out there; I heard 
someone turn to him and ask 
him his age. He was nine. 
1here are not many boys that 
would have an experience like 
this at his age, another person 
commented. I remembered 

If you can't recognize this oppression 
- well, you've been a model student, 
ready to slide into the slot you've been 
assigned for life. 
have gathered together at 
UCSD, but the occasion 
proved that w.e can overcome 
such administrative tactics 
as poor scheduling and 
inadequate facilities. 

Angela came over to the 
other room when she had to be 
kicked out of the other, due to 
scheduling of a campus movie 
(which, if things have not 
changed on campus, probably 
drew a crowd of 90), and 
addressed some of our 
questions before her plane was 
to leave. By chance I found 
mysdf in the tunnel with Davis 
supporters, waiting for her to 
walk our to the car in time 'to 
catch her plane_ I was 
conscioua of the fact that I -
seemed to be one of two whiles 
there. Yes, it is timdor me and 
others to feel a little of that heat 
that lOme have felt for,? long. 

when I was his age and my 
parents took me to a rally at 
the University of Wisconsin 
campus. It was a ti'me I will 
always remember. and I hope 
that little boy will always 
remember hearing Anjela 
Davis also. We all need our 
own version of inspiration to 
keep us going at times. 

By chance I a110 later spoke 
briefly to Robert Tambuzi, 
chairman of the Student 
Affirmative Action Commit-
tee, in the Revelle parking lot. I 
said, "Hey, thanks for 
bringing her here," and he 
said: "come out and help us." 
Well, I hope thilleuer at least 
does not hurt. Thanks again. 
It's just too bad that the people 
who ha ve the most to learn are 
never the ones who choose to 
show up. 

SUSAN FOGEL 

The Daily': Guardian 

£ric Ja,. 
f:dt .. Kat..,. ....... 

Mo_ ... f ..... JoII-._ 
_f ... 
_ Gooooh 

....... -... 

A .... '1oIIk' N.-w. Editon 
....... KIodo 
C....,f ..... 

....... H. T., ... (Jpow..I ..... 
Jon 0.... 
,.....f .... 

..... M..-
5..,.... ... d!h" 
-.-a.. 
"""'.1-T ... _ 
A,t. F.d. .... 

.............,"''-'''--~ 

The Daily Guardian is published 
Monday thru Friday during the 
regular school year by students at the 
University of California, San Diego. 
Offices are located amidst the trees 
southeast ' of the Revelle Provost's 
Office. Our mailing address is : 
UCSD. 8-016. La Jolla, CA 92093 . 
The Daily Guardian subscribes tQthe 
Associated Press, the Los Anseles 

. Times Synidicace, the Univerlll Press 
SyndiClte and PaciAc News Service. 

For news or business information, 
call 45Z-.J.466. Classified advertising 
is open from 9 to 3 daily; news and 
display advertising 9 to 5 daily. 

Tuesday, January 22, 1980 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

NEWS BRIEFS 

Carter., Bush Lead 
Way in Iowa Voting 

By Guardian Staff and Associated Prell 
President Carter won a decisive victory and George Bush 

established himself as a force to be reckoned with in the 
Republican Party last night as Iowa voters began the process of 
electing a president. 

Carter was winning by a two-to-one margin over his chief 
competitor, Sen_ Edward M_ Kennedy, and Bush was running at 
a dead heat with former California governor Ronald Reagan as 
the Iowa votes caf'(le in. 

The first voted on the 1980 campaign trail were registered at 
.2,531 neighborhood meetings in churches, schoolhouses, city 
halls and living rooms of Iowa. 

Voters turned out in unprecedented numbers to take part in 
the preci~t .caucuses. From those cauCWleS, delegates to Iowa 
national Democratic state convention will be chosen. 

While the Republic candidate balloting was a straw poll, and 
did not bind the county convention delegates elected at the same 
precinct caucuses, it was the first test of Reagan's claim to be the 
frontrunning GOP candidate - and a victory could do for Bush 
what an Iowa win did for Carter four years ago. 

In the state where he broke ..from the Democratic pack in 
1976, Carte~ last night was leading Kennedy in fragmentary 
returns. CBS News projected a Carter victory by better than two-
to-one. 

The victory came in the midwestern farm state despite 
Carter's recent decision to drastically limit grain sales to the 
Soviet Union. The decision was thought to be quite unpopular 
with farmers. . 

Carter's victory was complete in all areas of the state, CBS 
reported. In the western farming area, he was carrying 68 

perc~nt of the vote, while in the bigger cities he had 54 percent 
and in the small towns he had 64 percent. 

On the Republican side, Bush was leading narrowly in early 
returns, but a CBS News estimate showed the former United 
Nations Ambassador In a dead heat with Reagan. The estimate 
had both candidates with nearly 30 percent of the vote in the 
straw poll. 

for the other GOP hopefuls, CBS had Tennessee Senator 
Howard Baker with 15 percent, former Texas Governor John B. 
cOnnally with 10 percent and Illinois congressman Philip Crane 
with seven percent. Kanl8l Senator Bob Dole and Illinois 
CongreslII1an John Anderson brought up the rear. 

Buah campaigned for nearly a full ' month in Iowa; Reagan 
timited his. personal appearances in the state. 

Iran Admits Threat' 
From Sovjet Troops 

Iran's Foreign' Minister Sadegh Ghotbzadeh said yesterday 
that his country's "own borders are in danger"llecause of the 
presence of Soviet troops in Aflf!tanistan. . 

A broadcast tape of the Super Bowl ·football game was 
deliver~. meanwhae, to the occupied U.S. EmballY for 
'8lening by the American hostages in the 79th day of dieir 
captivity. . 

Ghotbzadeh. a .. andidate in Friday'l presidential election, 
IBid Iran was "ready to render every 8IIistanee for putting an 
end to the Soviet intervention in Afghanillan_._we condemn the 
Soviet danger to Iran and in order to safeguard the interests of 
our country we should take decilive action on the Soviet threat 
because now our borderl are in danger," he was quoled as 
saying by the official Pars news agene)'. 

Ghotbzadeh did not apecify what kind 01 aid would be offered 
but hinted that-1f-an would ofter support to the Allhan Mollem 
guerrilla. who are resisting the Soviet troops sent into the 
neighboring Central Alian country in late December. 

He allO said Iran was in the "clawl" of Soviet communilll1 
and American imperialilll1 and that it muat develop a different 
kind of political Iystem that would lerve as a model for the 
developing world. He made the remarkl in a presidential apeech 
broadcast on Tehran radio and monitored in London. 

Ghotbzadeh's remarks came a day after the Soviet EmbaM'y 
in Tehran i .. ued a ltatement 'emphasizing the Kremlin I 
"friendly approach" to Iran. The statement, carried in Tehran 
new.papers, also denied what it called propasanda reported by 
U.S. news organizationl that Soviet troops in Afghaniltan posed 
any threat to Iran . 

American radio ' reporter Alex Paen, of KMPC in Loa 
A~, paued the Islamic maitant'l taped canettes 01 the 
game thmt"trh the embasly'l iron gallel after receiving alluranee 
they would be given to the estimated 50 hostages. 

"I've been told several limes they would play the tapes for the 
hostages and the students have kept their word in the palt." said 
Paen, who has been in Tehran for two monthl. In December, he 
delivered some 3 million Christmas carda sent to the Americans. 

The Daily Guardian 3 

OOONESBURY by Garry Tn.deaCI 
6OI9I'(X ~y. I 
I/KlIaR F IW CfXA./) 
MPlAIN AAAT f'f/OIInfI) 
)(XI AID ltU1 ff:U.OIAI 

• ClNJlJATES TO ~ 
~y 'P/5INTY atlr.· 

/ 

USSR Replaces 
Afghan 
Deserters 

AFGHANISTAN - The 
Soviet Union has mounted a 
transcontinental airlift to pour 
fresh Soviet comba t forces into 
Afghanistan, replacing local 
troops who are deserting their 
government's cause "like 10 
many disappearing soda 
bubbles," diplomatic sources 
in Pakistan said yesterday. 

U.S. inteUigence lOurces in 
Washington estimated that 
Soviet dead, wounded, 
captured and miMing in the 
war against anti-communist 
rebels might now total 2,000. 

Extortion Threat 
Delays SD Plane 

COLORADO SPRINGS, 
Colo. - A United Airlines 
DC-8 en route from San Diego 
to Honolulu landed safely late 

7}1; ~]}#lEAr At'-
~AU-(I' ~ ANI? 
I l»IT lJWerE we CAN 
IIA'E A FAIR. EJ.iiCT/ON 
AS IIH1 AS ~ PtfU'I& 
()' 1}15 ClJt.ImRY /tNP 
(li1TNfi THe 

yesterday after an extortio!,ist 
said there was an explosive 
device aboard the plane, law 
enforcement officials said. 

An unidentified caller told 
the airline that a device aboard 
Flight 199 would explode if the 
plane went below a certain 
altitude, said an FBI agent in 
Denver, who asked not to be 
identified . 

The plane was diverted to 
Colorado SpringS' Mun!~iPaI 
Airport because it is ~ the 
highest airport in the United 
States at 6,012 feet, the agent 
said. 

Raid by FBI on 
Church Allowed 

WASHINGTON - A 
Church of Scientology bid to 
recover documents seized by 
the FBI in a 1977 raid on 
church offices in Los Angeles 
was rebuffed yesterday by the 
Supreme court. 

the justices declined-without 

comment to review the 9th 
Circuit U.S. Court 01 Appeall' 
decision that the church has no 
legal right to recover the 
documents while criminal 
proceedings are pending 
a ga i n st io'me members. 

High Technology 
Held From USSR 

WASHINGTON - In yet 
another action aimed at 
penalizing the Soviet Union for 
its military involvement in 
Afghanistan, the Carter 
administration yesterday 

re~oked the firlt export 
licenses in its effort to block 
high.technology shipments to 
the Soviets. 

The licenses for spare 
computer parts for a ~VJet 
truck plant were revoked by 
the commerce department, 
which earlier this month 
suspended all export licenses 
for the Soviets pending review 
of U.S. policy on trade with the 
communist country. 

_ ... of the quick eye examination and contact lens fil. It may be too quick. The best 
eye eKamlnatlon and contact lens fitting Is painstaking. methodical, thorough, and conaists 
of nUmefOUS testa. A mlnlnwm number of 4 visits Is required to achieve a proper fit. OUr 
offloe is equipped with the moat sophisticated, advanced and computerized instrumenta-
tion In the world In order to achieve the best eye examinatiOn and contact lens flit no possI-
ble. The following is a description of some of the tests and procedures that are done in our 
~e: . 
• MEDICAL HISTORY - A campi'" medical and ocular history Is taken by a written 

questionnaire. 
.. DIOPTRON-THE EYE COMPUTER - All electronic optical computer that analyzes 

your eyes and prints out a pr~limlnary prescriptiOn without the patient making 
any Judgment. 

• NON-CONTACT TONOMETER - Checks pressure Insl(1e your eye for glaucoma. 11 uses 
a gentle puff of air requiring no drops. 

• AUTOMATIC TANGENT SCREEN - Automatically checks peripheral vision for abnor-
mal blind spots whICh are indicative of many eye and brain diseases. 

• INFRARED FUNDUS PHOTOGRAPHY - A photograph J~ taken of the back of your eye, 
. Ct . 

the retina. to check for ocular disease and for baseline data. Infrared light is 
used, therefore no drops are needed. 

. . 

• SLIT LAMP BIOMICROSCOPY - A special microscope to check the"'front part of the 
eye, tear flow, the fit and movement of the contact lenses. 

• ELECTRONIC DIGIT,.,L P,.,CHOMETRY - An optical electronic computer to ascertain if 
enough oxygen is getting through the conlact lens to the cornea. This Is very 
important particularly with 24-hour extended wear lenses. 

• AUTOMATIC ELECTRONIC LENSMETER - Analysis of your existing glasses elec-
'. tfonlcally to extreme accuracy for comparison with the Di0p.tron results. 

• OPHTHALMOSCOPY - A procedure using a hand-held instrument to check the health 
. of your eyes and 10 compare with the fundus photographs. 

• FIXA T/ON DISPARITY - Indicates how well the two eyes coordinate together and the 
amount of binocular fusion . 

• STEREOPSIS - A measure of depth perception and - quality of vision at read· 
ing distance. 

• COLOR VISION - Checks for normal and the type of abnormal color vision. Eight per-
cent of aU males have some degree of coior blindness. 

Dr. D. A. Rorabaugh. A.lOCtat.a, 
Optometrla" 

1939 Grand Avenue • Pacific Beach, CA. 272-2211 

"'.sre,elNl,ge. VISA. VSP. "'«J~I 0' .ny VI$lOIl lnSUf.nce plan .,.Ieome. 



Grey Whales head south to the lagoons of 
Baja California this month. They can be seen 
between noon and 4 pm from local cliffs. They 
can also be seen up close from boats, as these 

photo~ can testify. 

Regents Must Tell 
Financial Holdings 
Continued Iratn pate I . . 
. . Regent JOMph A. Moore said he has not yet 
decided whether or not he will resign rather than reveal. 

"It'. a very unwite deci.ion 10 dilcl,* because 01 !he 
P'!tenlial for terrorilt acts. It i. also an inva.ion of privacy and 
bring. people other than the Resents into it. ~~r the Ia~ my 
wife wi! aI.o haYe 10 diacIose her property, Moore IlUd. 

Repnt Lee Wenzel, preaident of the UC alumni 
auociation, "y .. "I'm just glad 111 be a lame duck by then 
Iinc:e my term expi.a in June." . 

Re,eat William French Smith, a Loe Angeles attomey, 
....... he will comply with the April. deadline. "However, 
I thmk it g an tmneCeSlary regulation imposed to solve a 
,..,Yem that hasn't been defined," Smith said. 

ZOOM 2000 , I UNISEX t-
o HAIR 8I'ODIO 

Student ~ '12 (reg '16) 
mcludas: 'ooDSUltation, shampoo 

oondjttonar, out t!I blow SWle 
long hair utr& 

MOST HAVE tmJJJENT ID 
ask about our soft, a.n4 natural permsl 

speoi&1 student rates 
( 

7419 La J olla Blvd 469-9426 

OASIS 
SECOND 
STORY 

GRAMMAR 
MOSES 
~===-452 .. 2284 

2pmto4pm 
Mon~Fr i 

ASK 
GRAMMAR 
MOSES 
A GRAMMAR 
QUESTION 

GRAMMAR HOTLINE 
Office of Academic Support & Instructional Services 

. 

The Daily Guardian Tuesday. January 22. 1980 

Campus Course Being Set 
Continued from page 1 

And, the report says, the chemistry 
department has been using labs to justify extra 
and, the report implies, unnecessary T A's .• 

'The report recommends four fac ulty for 
Communications, two for Urban and Rural 
Stumes, and two for- the Teacher Education 
Program, but also says that those programs, as 
well a. all others on campus, wiD have to 
continue 10 hire faculty through departments 
and make !heir curriculum and personnel 
.decieiona baaed on decisions of steering 
committees composed of member. f~om aD 
group" nlBTlber 01 professors, below which the 
department would not go. . 

Other faculty politi·ons would be allocated on 
a point system which counts lower division 
undergrads as 1.0 ' students, upperdivision 
undergrads 1.5, first·year graduate students as 
2,5 and 3.5 for second-year grads. 

Attiyeh and hi, committee applied the 
formula to current enrolbnent figures and came 
up with the conclusion that humanities and 
social sciences c1alle. don' t have the 
employees their workload justifies. 
departments with which their faculty are 
aHiliated. 

'The recommendation establishes a system 
similar to that which exists now. 

I COME WRITE FOR USI 
, The Dally Guardian II looking for write,. 
In the ne .. , lPOtU, IClence and al1l 

departmentl. 

No ne .. peper -experience II neceaary 
to join our writing ltaff; you can get .. 
much experience and Inltruetlon al you 

went right Mrel 

Stop by ~r new offlcel amldlt the t ..... 
end Iqulrrell, In whet ul8d to be the 
Coff" Hut, e.rly eftemoonl, or give UI • 

cell et 452-3488. 

....... .,...... ......... 

2180 Gamet 
PacIIIc Beach 

270-6110 
ClASSES 

ON 
CAMPUS 

................... .., 
,( C:r.\ =.-=-== 

011 ..... "' ..... uu. flU nil: ... m ·l,. 

The Daily Guardian 5 
.. 

Energy Below Imperial Valley Tapped 
By Greg Tenn 

The recent completion of a 
geothermal power plant in the Imperial 
V a ll ey m a rks a n important 
accompl ishment in the progress of 
geothermal energy development. . 

The 10,000 kilowatt plant, loca ted 
in the East Mesa region of Imperial 
Va lley " is sc hedul ed to begin 
production of electricity.,/. within a few 
weeks," according to 10m Hinrich, 
spokesman for San Diego Gas and 
Electric and Magma Power, the two 
companies in charge of the project. 

"There is a great potential for 
geothermal development in the valley, 
and it still remains to be seen how great 
that potential is. It should be enough to 

sa ti sfy a good percentage of Southern 
Californi a ' s futur e e lec tr ica l 
requirements, " Hinrich says. 

built. The pla nt has some unique 
aspects tha t we feel will provide some 
breakthrQughs .. " 

electricity to serve about 5 ,000 
people," says Hinrich. 

The East Mesa plant is ju·st the firs t 
of a number of pla nts pla nned for the 
Imperial Valley. A ccording to Hinrich, 
there are five areas in the Valley which 
ha ve been marked for geothermal 
development. "These are the Niland, 
Westmorland, Heber, East Mesa and 
North Brawley areas. In all these 
areas, either drilling or initi~1 power 
production projects have been carried 
out or are under construction ." 

The joint venture between Magma 
Hinrich is reterring to the new binary and San Diego Gas and Electric 

process by which hea·ted wa ter inside companies for the · development of 
the Ea rth IS converted into energy. geothermal resources in the Imperial 
Instead of using the steam directly , the Valley includes the construction of 
heat is transferred to another flu id another geothermal plant in the Naand 
consisting of isobutane and propane area a t the south end of the Salton Sea. 
which vaporizes and turns the turbines, Hinrich says, "Magma and SDG&E 
providing energy. This and other are in the final stage of negotiating the 
technological developments from the contract that would start commercial 
Imperial Valley projects "should prove development at the Naand Reservoir. 
more efficient and should lower the cost That would start with a 20,000 
of future geothermal plants. " kilowatt plant." 

"From the East Mesa Plant, Hinrich 
says, "it is expected that engineering Even though it is largely Hinrich does not believe that 
data aOO reservoir information will be experimental, the East Mesa plant s geothermal energy will be an adequate 
acquired to enable a larger plant to be ] 0,000 kilowatts "will produce enou~h 1'1.'(1 .'" lum 10 "ORC! 8 

Benefits of Plastic Surgery For 
MastectomYPatientsRelated Here 

By Lisa Pieropan 
Staff Writer 

Plastic surgery has long been used for both 
cosmetic and beneficial purposes. But the more 
practical applications of plastic surgery require 
more exacting m~ans of operation. 

Dr. Ross Rudolph , Assistant Director of 
Plastic Surgery at University Hospital , 
discu!,sed these benefits, esP,.t!(;ially in regard to 
cancer reconstruction for breast surgery, during 
a recent Women's Caucus seminar on the topic. 

One of the most involved of plastic surgery 
operations involves cancer reconstruction. 

"In reconstruction for a modified radical 
mastectomy for cancer where the breast has 
been removed, we have to bring all of our 
technique~ into play," he said. · These 
techniques include moving tissue, .kin grafting 
and silicone implantation. 

of all, it is good for the woman both 
psychologically and physically. Second, most 
women, even tooay, view mastectomy,,, 
mutilation. 

"If more women know that breast cancer 
could be reconstructed," he said, adding, "We 
would hope that more people wouklget in, get 
treatment early, aOO the cure rate would go up. 
Unfortunately, it is still the case that people wait 
a couple of weeks or months, hoping it will go 
away," he stated. . 

The risks in such a procedure, al in all plastic 
surgery operation •• are real. According 10 
Rudolph, there is a possibility, of infection, 
bleeding, nerve damage, tissue hardening, lou 
of skin and scarring. 

Of these risks, scarring is the one of major 
consideration. 

c...";.,, ~ .y """.." CMJr 
ROil Rudolph 

Rudolph told the wQmen, ''1bose 01 us who 
do cancer reconstruction feel that it is 
tremendously important for two reasons. Firs, 

"Plastic surgery is a battle between beauty, 
blood supply, and scarring," Rudolph said. 
"However, mOlt scars will fade to a hairline 

1'I""s,' lurn /" "a/olt.' X 

H E [P.I . , 
PLEASE HELP 

Shih Minq-Teh, day. batore hi. arrest. 

KEEP MY HUSBAND ALIVE III 

To my fellow Americans: / 

Ple~se help keep ~y husband alive! 

My husband, Shih Ming-Teh was arrested in Taiwan on January 8, 
not long after I was deported from there. As in the case of others 

arrest~d, my husband is allowed no contact with lawyers or relatives 
until trial thereby makin9 torture easier to conceal . He has been 
tOrtured ~fore and I griveously fear for his YFll-being. According 
to several sources he was sentenced on January ao to death in a 
secret military trial. 

My husband has taken a courageous stand toward the rights of 
people in Taiwan to democracy and civil liberty. The response of the 
government has been to arrest him and the outspoken elected officials 
anq candidates of democratic movement. They ·are charged with sediti on 
which can carry a death sentence. 

~he United States government has supported t he repressive 
government in TaiWan for thirty years. Unless the American people take 
a moral stand in this matter, it is likely the Taiwan government wi ll 
freely execute its critics including my husband . 

Please support this effort to save the life of my husband and 
my many close friends of the democratic movement by signing the petitio~ 
to President Carter. Your action supports the integrity of the Ameri ca 
stand on human rights in the international eyes. 

With hope, 

~.&cJ~ 
Linda Gail Arrjgo Shih 
Class of '72, UCSD . 

P.S. My friends will be on the campus to collect your s i gnatures on 
Wednesday and Thursday. FOJ:: more informat l on please ca 11 SUP 
Arrigo, M.D , (714) 452-8838. We also need some helpers to carry 
petition. Thank you. 



6 

Lack· of Players, 
Opponents Means 
Field Hockey's End 

II, Samantha Roby 
. Following in the footsteps of 
other west coast colleges and 
umvenities (Point Lorna and 
San Die,o State, locally), the 
Athletic Department has given 
inlercollegiate field hockey a 
pink .lip. 

The policy of the UCSD 
Athletic Oeparbnent is to drop 

The Daily Gual'dian 

ISportsl 
a IpOrt when 1 )there is no 

... Ionler lufficient campul 
interest to support the team, 
2)11.e i. no ionJer any 
competition at ita own level 
left, and 3)there are not 
enouah player. to compose a 
team. After the 1979 season, 
field hockey met every 
criterion. 

After the season, Athletic, 
Director ~)' Sweet and 
Coach Jerry Mucha diacussed 
the problem and agreed that 
cutting the learn wal the only 
thinl to do. The fourth year of 
the team was it. last. 

BecaUie of the ICBrcity of 
teams at their own level of 
competition, the Tritons were 

not members of any league. 
They played only seven 
games and lost them all. 

Of the 13 players on the 
rolter, at most 10 showed up 
at a learn practice~nd usually 
about six came. I he Tritons 
only fidded a full team of 
eleven players for one game , 
but the other games were 
played with a shortage of 
players. 

A waning interest among 
studentl and a lack of a sincere 
commitment among some 
players il partially attributed 
to the growth of interest in 
soccer. Soccer'. poPularity is 
~tJ~~nd field hockey's is 

"1"1ink lOme potential field 
hockey players turned to 
soccer, This left the field 
hockey team with a shortage 
of playerl," said Judy Sweet , 
Athletic [)j fee tor. 

With ~ttle interest for the 
students and no competition , 
the team is of ~ttle value to 
anyone, with the exception of 
a few diehard field hockey 
players. In the eyes of the 
Athletic Department, it'll no 
longer worth the money that 
UCSD hal to put out to run the 
sport. 1ne coach'. salary, 
transportation to and from 

The Daily Guardian Tuesday, January 22, 1980 

c--... ~o by "- K"",,~ 
The light ol intercollegiate field hockey competition has become a thing ol the palt at 
UCSD with the Athletic: Deparbnent'l dec:iaion to drop the sport. 

-away games, and officials' interested in starting a club reinstated to ' the UCSD 
salary cost the school hockey team next year to play Intercollegiate Qepnrtln!'nl. 
thousands of dollars. other clubs in the area. If this Long Beach . State , 

San Diego State cancelled club shows dedication and Berkeley, Stanford , and San 
their field hockey team in participation on the part of the Jose State are the only major 
.pring of 1978. The San players, there is a possibility women's field hockey teams 
Diego State Athletic that field hockey could be left on the West Coast. 
Department felt that they were 
spreading the pot too thinly 
with eleven women's teams. 
They decided that a cut to nine 
teams would benefit the 
program and all involved. 
Now, they are able to 
concentrate more money and 
support on fewer teams. Fidd 
hockey was one of the 
unfortunate two. 

Even though the sport hall 
been cut, the few dedicated 
players left are hopeful about 
re vi ving it. Some .are 

Pros Play· In Benefit 
For ,UCSD Baseball 

By Tun Liotta 
Senior Staff Writer 
Every baseball fan has 

imagined what it must be 
like in the shoes of those 
pin-striped athletes they 
root for . To fidd a major 
league fly ball or hit a major 
league curve or even miss 
one would be the thrill of a 
lifetime. The UCSD 
baseball team will have 
their chance to live out any 
dreams they may have 
when they face a team of 
local professionals this 
Saturday on UCSD's horne 
field at -l pm. 

The team of profes. 
sionals will boast the ~kes of 
Gene Tenace and Ozzie 
Smith, both local favorites ' 
on tJie San Diego Padres. 
Other major leaguers win 
include Brent Strom, and 
UCSD's own Randy Miller. 

game will be. raising badly 
, needed funds for the UCSD 
Baseball Foundation. 

The Baseball Founda · 
tion is being set up by 
UCSD Baseball coach 
Vince Askey and his 
players in hopes of raising 
funds to help maintain the 
baleball field, purchase 
necessary equipment and 
pay for expenses the 
Athletic Department won't 
cover. 

The game will be quite a 
contest for the Tritons as 
they prepare for their 
upcoming season. These 
pros will be in shape and 
reach- to play. 

"These guys play all 
out," says Coach Askey, 
"It should be verx exciting, 
and a lot of fun. ' 

Students were magic:ally tnnIfonned into footbaU fanatic. Sun.iay, for the Super Bowl. 
1'hae fanl are whoopinl it up for their favorites at Walk'. Place. 

The team il a group of 
players who reside in the 
San Diego area and work 
out all winter preparil1B for 
spying training. They 
ulually play ten to twelve 
benefit. each winter in front 
of local audiencel. 11)is 

1ne Tritons are looking 
forward to their most 
successful season in recent 
years. Seniors Mark Sharp, 
Jim Moffit, Brett 
Sandstrom and Pat 
McGovern provide the 
Tritons With a solid nucleus 
deep in experience and 
If'8dership. 

........... 

..... 

The CASINO internship office is looking for 
two coordinators to run the San Diego 

Metropolitan Internship Program. 
Responsibilities include: 

10 hours per week, meeting with local 
politicians and other officials, supervision of 

volunteers and organization of program. 

Good writing and organizational ability 
needed. Knowledge of San Diego area helpful 
but not necessarJ' Excellent opportunity to 

meet officials, an could lead to paying job ·or 
internship this summer and next year. 

Sign up for interview at CASINO offices, 
located in the Student Center, or call 

452,..450. Deadline January 25 . 

, 

UC STUDENT LOBBY 
. Legislativ~ Conference 

Friday, Saturday, Sunday, March 25-27 
. 

~ 

All students interested in 'participating 
in workshops in Sacramento please contact 

Linda Sabo or Nancy Laga at 452-44:50. . 
, 

Rides & travel arrangements will be provlded. 

There will be workshops on: 
UC Child Care Legislation I 

Affirmative Action Recruitment 
Collective BaIeining: the Student Impact 

UC's ole in Arbusiness 
Jarvis I • 

. 

I 

'i 
I 

i 

Tuesday, January 22, 1980 The Daily Guardian 
_ _ _______________________________ ~--------~7 

Classified 
announcement 
WANTED: 2 studenl volunteers .to 
serve as co-ordinators tor Ihe 
CASINO San Diego Metropolitan 
Inlernship Program. Responsibilities 
~nclude organizing program, sett ing up 
in ternshIps, meeting with local 
politicians and other officials to secure 
internShIps. MIn 10 hrs/wk. Good 
writing and organizational skills 
needed. May lead 10 paying job and 
paid Internship in San Diego, 
Sacramento or Wash DC. Inquire al 
CASINO, Siudent Cenler x 4450. 
(1/25) 
Open House al Ship Friday, Jan 25, 

'4:00 Ship Center above Siudent 
Lounge. Wine and cheese. (1/25) 
G.U.T.S. dinner theatre fooO drink live 
enlertainment only $3.00 Tickels at 
Studenl Box Office Now. (1125) 
CHAN GE YOUR LIFE THIS 
THURSDAY!! Dr. Frederick Lenz 
author of Lifetimes; True Accounts 0; 
Reincarnation, Total RelaKation,. and 
Total Intimacy will conduct a lour 
wee k INTENStVE seminar in 
MEDITATION. PSYCHIC EXPlORA-
-TION and SELF-DI SCOVERY At 
these seminars, you will learn a v~riety 
01 the most advanced meditation, 
communicat ion and rela xation 
techniques known. Admission to 
these seminars is FREE to members of 
the UCSD community. Dr. Lenz's 
seminars are sponsored by th-e San 
Diego Meditation Club of UCSD. The 
seminars will be held on Tuesdays, 
4:00 pm at APM rm. 5880; and at 7:30 
pm HL 1148. (1/21. 1i22) 
" you speak between 1 and 18 
different languages, don\ miss Muir 
Res Hall Council's language Tagle 6 
pm M W Th. (1/22) 
When the power of Jove replaces the 
love 01 power, man will have a new 
name- GOd. Sri Chinmoy Medita· 
tion·Path to esctasy and selldicovery. 
Dr. Lenz, Atmananda Tues 4 pm APM 
5880; 7:30 HL 1148_ FREE!(1/22) 
Anarchism, the urban guerrilla, labor 
organizing. Sign up now for 
groundwork books study groups 
now!( 1/22) 

Wanted: prospeclive AAG part ici-
pants. Male or female, must be a 
commuter. Sign up now at Time Oul. 
(1/24) 
Commulers unite. It's time to show 
your atheletic prowress. MG team 
sign ups are now at TIme Oul. (1/24) 
JAZZ EXERCISE AND RHYTHMIC 
AEROBICS at UTC . For more 
in formal ion call North YWCA 274-
4260. (1 /22) 

personal 
CommUlers, II's AAG time again! Feb. 
2nd sign ups are being taken at the 
community center. (1/24) 
BE THERE OR BE SQUARE . .spirit 
nIght 1980 Basketball vs. Whittier on 
1/26 in Ihe main gym.( 1/ 22) 
HOW ABOUT BELL YDANCING? 
TueSdays 5·6:30 pm Rec Conf Rm 
$10 (1122) 
ICE SKATI NG includes rentals. 
lessons from 7 to 11 Free skating al 
the Ice Capades Chalet all for $24.00 
Wed. (1/23) 
BETWEEN THE SHEETS RUMOR 1 
JM wa s seen lossing his preppie 
cookies in Muir Quad, "how 
embarrassing, how very lower class!" 
He was last seen selling a world 
ground speed record in the direction 
of the Pub. Stay tuned for more 
rumors.( t 122) 
Revelle Spanish House: Come habla 
Espanol with us Muir Cafe N Dining 
Hall Wednesdays 6 pm. (1/22) 

for sale 
For Sale: Schwinn Conlenential 
.excellent condition. 452-1898. (1/22) 
For sale: commercial pop corm maker 
and merchandizer - just Nke the ones 
in lhe movies theatres. Perfect for 
campus clubs 80 organizations ... $425. 
call A-M O Offices aI 454-7232. (1/24) 
FOR SALE! Two Trans Au d io 
speakers $50 pa ir, and one Sansul 
221 receiver SSO ca1l 453-3927 (1/25) 

Math 2ES book by Sirang New! $15 
call 582 -1637 eves. (1/22) 
Harl Freestyle Skiis 170's, tyroha 250 
bindings $80. 455-0778 (1 /24) 
Motorcycle windshield-Slipslreamer II 
used 2 mo. $55 H.P.29C Programma-
ble calculator $100 755-6897 
evenings. (1 /22-29) 

housing 
Roommate wanted non·smoker 
female for own room in Playmor 
condo. $140/ mo. Call KJ or Nancy. 
453-7841. (1/22) . 
Female roommate wanted own room 
$135 plus utilities available 
immediately (1/25) 
Tv:.o lemale house males wanted to 
share 3 bedroom house in Mira Mesa 
with engineering student. $150 month 
plus 1/3 utilitIes. 225-2163, 271 -6027. 
Ask for Robert. non-smoking only 
(2/1) . 
Roommale wanted. Non smoker own 
room $150 prefer senior or grad. 48t -
7425.(1/22) 
Condo avail. Very close to campus-
util., pool. jacuzzi, own room for ' 
$195/mo. call Pete after 8 pm' 455-
9473 (1/22) 

wanted 
Carnegie A-44 0 Restaurant has 
positions available for cQoks . 
Applicants must be enthusiastic and 
energetic. Organizational talenls and 
the ability to work meticulously are 
requisite qualities. Applicants are 
screened carefully. No previous 
cooking experience is necessary. 
Carnegie A-440 wili trainyou. Apply in 
person 2212 Carme l Valley Road, Del 
Mar. (1/24) 
If you have lickets for the Ju lIiard 
Quartet : I will buy call 452-9548 
(1/25) 
Responsible, female preferred person 
needed 10 help handicapped female 
studenl living on campus part time 
$3.50 per hour. Hours negotiable call 
camille 455-5919 (2/1) 
Anyone inlerested in forming a UCSD 
pep squad please contact Tricia al 
453-7807 orKatll~at 453-6375. (1/2 4) 

,I', 

WANTED: Chaperones and lutors for 
Europe and MeXICO tours. Discounts 
for your services. Call 714-540-
9477.(2/ 1 ) 

, Pari-lime position distributing local 
newspaper 10 coin racks and dealers 
25 hours per week, salary Plu~ 
commIssIon Wed. Hours are 6:00pm-
1 :00 am.other hours are lIexible. 
Contact Diane for Interview /appaint-
menl 459-4201. 

WANTED: ride from LaCosta 10 UCSD 
for 9AM Tuesdays & Thursdays; 
returnIng - leaving UCSD at 4:30 pm. I 
expect to pay fairly for eilher or both. 
753-4153 (1/23) 

services 
WRITE BETTER PAPERS. Send $1 for 
our booklel "Tips on Academic 
Writing" and our descriptive catalogue 
of thousands of collegiate I esearch 
topics. Box 4241-SB Berkeley, CA 
94704 (415) 239-6339. (1 / 24) 
HOMEWORKERS: Earn $5Q.OO/hun-
dred securing, stuffing envelopes. 
Free details, reply : Titan, L1 4W, Box 
94485, SChaumber. III. 60124. (2 11) 
Typists: IBM ex per / theses/disser 1 
term papers/ediling. RUSH jobs! 453-
0656, 452-1 488. 286-4936,225-1449. 
(6/15) 
Men. Women:JOBS! CRUISESHIPS! 
SAILING EXPEDITIONS! SAILING 
CAMPS. No Experience, Good pay. 
Summer, career , NATI ONWIDE. 
WORLD WIDE! Send $4,95 l or 
applic at ion /in f o/re f erra ls to 
CRUISEWORLD 205 Box 601 29. 
Sacramento,Ca 95870.(1/30) 
JENN Y's HOME TYPING-Term 
papers, theses, diss. Days and eves, 
225· f 449 (6/7) 
Dissertation / thesis! Have your 
dissertalion / thesis put inlo memory 
which saves lime and $! Additions, 
delelions 80 corrections simplified· 
perlect copy. Call 296-6973 before 3 
pm, ask lor Audrey. (2/6) 
Interested in working ona community 
service project? Do you want to 
reach·oul and help people in need? 
CI RC LE "K" is workIng with blind 
children and helping Ihe elderly. 
CIRCLE "K" meels on Wed. at 6 pm in 
Ihe Revelle Informal lounge! (1/23) 

Musicals 
Continued #rom page 2 

But these black mUllicals 
help stereotype black theater 
into the same groove as 
Broadway theater; there really 
is an important and distinctive 
black theater movement, 
mostly in regional theaters in 
which plays are developed in 
different kinds of form. long 
before Broadway. Ntozkhe 
Shange's For Colored Girls , 
which had its genelil m 
Oakland coffee IhoPI, ii, 10 
far, the most noteworthy. 
commercial succels of ~ 
group. 

All of which is not to say 
that blacks shouldn't be m 
traditional Broadw'ay 
musicals. 1ne musical is a 
fantasy . Only rare works, like 
A Chorus Une, break out of 
that fantasy mode. I'm no 
sure if it makes any difference 
whether fantasy characterl 
are black or white. 

The Itage hal had itl inter 
racial kisses. Isn't irready for 
an inter-racial musical? 
Davis, King 
Continued from fXJIe 2 
tee, and people throughout the 
world are struggling for . By 
positioning King against Davis 
he is using King to oppose the 
very struggle for freedom he 
was fighting for. We must aU 
seek to rid ourselves of the 
ignorance that manifest. itself 
in this type of mentality, 

I commend the Student 
Affirmative Action Commit-
tee for bringing Angela Davis 
to UCSD. She offered 
inspiration to keep on 
struggling in the face of 
ignorance and repression. 

KEN OVERTON 

CAREE~ 'ADVISING ' PROGRAM' 

I'· 

, ~ 

HUMANITIES AND SOCIAL SCIENCES 
..... -----HUMANITIES & SOCIAL SCIENCES PROGRAMS:--'----_ 

. The focus th~ quarter is JOB OPTIONS. Begin 
planmng for your career or summer job NOW - it will payoff later! 

• 

r-- Humanities & Social Sciences Employers: ___ ---.. 
The program will 'focus on major employers wno often 

hire Humanities and Social Sciences graduates. Each week 
at lc:ast one new organization will be targeted, revealing 
employment opportunities and application strategies . 

, 

Jan 23, Wed, 11:00. noon, N. Conf Room, Stu Ctr: 
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT 

Jan 30, Wed, 11:()().noon, N. Conf Room Stu Ctr' 
B'ANK OF AMERICA, UNITED CALIFORNIA BANK 

Feb 6, Wed, II :OO-noon, N. Conf Room, Stu Ctr: 
. PACIFIC TELEPHONE . 

Feb 13, Wed, 11:00'ooon, Game Conf Room, Stu Ctr: 
CITY &. COUNTY OF SAN DIEGO 

Feb 20, Wed, 11:()().noon, N. Conf Room, Stu Ctr: 
THE BROADWAY 

Feb 27, Wed, 11:00'noon, Game ConfRoom Stu Ctr: 
BULLOCK'S ' 

Mar 5, Wed, 11:00'noon, N. Conf Room, Stu Ctr: 
STATE OF CALIF 

Mar 12, Wed, l1:()().noon, N. ConfRoom, Stu Ctr: 
PEACE CORPSNISTA 

~-Managemcnt Training ·Programs:----_____ .. 
What are "Management Training Programs"? What 

can they offer the trainee and the company? How are 
participants selected? A panel of training program 
coordinators aQd UCSD alumni currently "in training" 
will respond to - these questions, relating information 
about a variety of trainee programs. 

Jan 31, Th~lrS, 3:00·5:00, N . Conf Room, Stu Ctr. 

..--~ spec.ial program for H&'SS freshmen, sophomores &..:. 
Jumors: Developing an Employable Degree (co. 
sponsored with Warren College): . 

A liberal arts d~ree is valuable ~n the j~b market, if -,au 
plan ahead. ThIS program WIll offer informatIon 
on academic skills and how they relate to actual jobs. A 
panel of people e~rienced in e~aluating c?llege students 
fo~ employment WIll share ~r ImpressIons regarding 
things you can plan to enhanc~ur future employability. 
Feb 13, Wed, 3:00·5:00, N . Conf Room, Stu Ctr . 

Local Employment Trends -' Winter Quarter Review: 
.What are the fastest gr.owi~g industries - e.mployment-

WIse · and what types of Jobs do they offer - m San Diego 
and Beyond? This. program will survey current economic 
trends useful to the H&'SS job hunter . 
Feb '27, Wed, 3:00·5:00, N. Conf Room, Stu Ctr. 

OPEN HOURS ADVISING SESSIONS; 
Drop-in advising available. 

Career Options Advising: 
Tuesdays. 12·1 pm, Muir College Apt Lounge. 
Wednesdays, 10-11 am, Warren College, Provost Conf 

Room. Building 302 WC. 
Gtaduate/ Professional School Advising: 
Mondays 1:00-3:00 pm 
Thursdays 10:00·noon 

Resume Critique &. Job Search Advising: 
Tuesdays 2:00-4:00 pm 
Fridays 10:00-noon (at CP&'P) 

I 

, 

I ~ 



8 The Daily Guardian 

Shooting, . Rioting Jar ToWn in Ok~a. 
IDABEL, Okla. AP - Shopkeepers toted rifles, many 

blllinellea were dCised and achool. were virtually empty 
y.terday following a night of "shooting, rioting and burning" 
that left two people dead and four wounded in this southeastern 
Oklahoma town 'of 10,000 residents. 

"1he 'Situation is very tense and we are t!xtremely 
apprehensive about what might happen toni-.8ht," said Larry 
Bowles, an inspector for the Oklahoma State Bureau of 
Investigation. 

Plastic. Surgery 
Continued from IHJIe 5 
appearance in a couple of 
montha." 

One of the most popular 
forma of plastic surgery is a 
face lift, which Ulually lasts 

. from five to seven years. 
According to Rudolph, 
inci.iona are made in front of 
and behind the ear to lift the 
cheek. and neck. The tiuues 
are freed up on the cheeks and 
ooderneath the chin, and the 
skin i .. drawn up. 

Recent techniques were 
developed to extend the five to 
seven year estimate, which 
involve tightenirlg up the thin 
muscle underneath the skin. 
"If we go in and divide the 
muscle and pull it back, it 
produces a very dean neck 
which I think will last a lot 
longer than the usual face lift," 
~d. . 
""e healing time for a face 

lift is generally one to two 
weeks. If a chemical peel is 

About the only people seen in the downtown area yesterday 
were atate troopers and police from surrounding communities. 
About 140 extra otficers were called in to help restore order 
when hundreds Qf blacks rioted following the slaying of a 15-
year-old bl~ck youth near a private club for whites. 

The rioters set fire to the club, shot out store windows, ripped 
up gasoline pumps and vandalized businesses before order was 
restored about midnight. 

The trouble began about 4 pm Sunday when a crowd of about 
100 blacks converged on City Hall, claiming police were not 
pursuing an investigation into the slaying of Henry Lee Johnson, 
whose body was found that morning near the Black Hat Oub, a 
night club on the fril')ges of a black neighborhood patronized 
mostly by whites. The club has been the scene of previous racial 
incidents. . 

The group of blacks demanded that Mayor Rex Helms take 
action in the Johnson case. Helms said he told the group that a 
man was in custody in Arkansas, but that did not satisfy them. 

Officers at first said Johnson was beaten to death, but 
Monday they said he apparently had been shot. 

Police said a man identified as Tony Des ha zto , 29, was 
arrested in DeQueen, Ark., in connection with the Johnson 
alaying, but Assistant District Attorney AI Cecil said no formal 
charges had been fik-d. 

Eight people, all of them Black, were jailed Monday in 
connection with the gun fire and vandalism. 

The Country Deli The Warren Commuter Board presents: . - -_.--_ .... ' .. 
-_ ... -

.......... Ic ... 
........... 

................ r------ ..... 1........ .--, 
, .... -.-.....' 
: CeuI*r : 
· , 
• _WIll'" ' · .,.- , 
: --- ------- : · , 
· , , , , 

ICE DELIGHT 

University Towne Centre 
January 27,5:30 ... 11:00 pm 

$2.00 
Tickets at the' UEO Box Office or 

at the door. 

a feminist 

3686 4th Avenue 
. san Diego, CA 

. 92103 
'0, call: 298-9352 

Tuetday, January 22, 1980 

Geothermal 
Generation 
Continued from t>aIle 5 . 
substitute for nuclear energy 
or any other source of energy. 

"I don't feel geothermal can 
take over as -far as providing 
the needs for all of our future. 
generation requirements," he 
commented. 

According to Hinrich, there 
are three geological reasons 
why the Imperial Valley is an 
optimal location for 
geothermal development. "In 
Qrder to have a geolhermal 
reservoir, yot! have to have a 
spot wl)ere the magma has 
extruded up fairly close to the 
surface ohhe Earth in order to 
provide heat input into the 
second necessary aspect, 
which is a source of water. 
Finally, you need .the water to 
be in a reservoir condition, so 
you can drill wells into it. The 
Imperial Valley has all of these 
things." 

- Self-help 
- Well woman 
- Pregnancy 
. 'screenlng 

- abortion 
up to 16 weeks 

- birth control 
I _ childbirth 

I 


