
w - _ 

THE GUARDIAN 
Volume 42, Number 1 University of California, San Die~o Monday, January 5, 1981 

Welcome back 
, to UCSD 

'. 

.n 
w 
,Je 
.e 
to 

~y 
t 
e 
~y 
ts 
t 
I 

Ie 
r l 
a 
s. 
d 

I'e 
10 

in 
, I 
1(' 
of 
rt 

~n 
a 

a· 
If 

Ig 
I 

-h 
9 



The Guardian Monday, January 5, 19M 1 
~~------~----------------------~~~~-----------------------~ 

Letters GSC angry over 
All students, bus change plan 
like BS U, Editor: routes took the form of "there 

-t d -t The recent problem about is noise on Myer's Road, mer, ere, bus noise near and on Myers therefore let 's reroute the bus 
Editor: 

I would like to thank you 
for a somewhat adequate 
CXMII"lI&e of the Tolbert Issue 
that was presented to the AS 
Council and covered in yout 
November 20 issue of The 
Dal1 G".,dill", I'd also like 
to correct you. Your 
headlines read "BSU crowd 

~rompts AS support of 
Tolbert". It should have read 
"Student crowd prompts AS 
support ofTolbert," since the 
crowd also consisted of 
Asian, Chicano, and White 
students as well as Black 
students. The crowd was 
initiated by the BSU. but it 
was a crowd of all concerned 
students! 

I'd also like to thank the AS 
council for their support in 
this issue because it showed 
that repre entatives of all of 
UCSD's student body is 
concerned with thi issue of 
Tolbert's tenure. 

Road and its "compromise" lines and hence cut-down on 
solution were discussed at the noise." Apparently, no 
the last meeting of the alternatives were considered . . 
Graudate Student Council For instance, what would it 
(GSC). It is the intent of this have cost to sound-proof the 
letter to convey to you the buildings in question or 
concerns of the graduate relocate those employees who 
students and to request that require quiet? Students, who 
you respond in kind. are by nature penny-

Our first grievance is that pinchers, would not mind the 
the Graduate Student Inconvenience of walking a 
Council was not consulted little further to a rerouted 
before Vice Chancellor bus stop if it meant saving 
Johnson announced the first money in the long run; but 
bus route change, nor was it does it? No such alternatives 
included in the subsequent appear to have been 
compromise with the AS. presented nor their reason ' 
The GSC, not the AS, i. the for rejection. Furthermore, 
univer ity recognized body economics isn 't the only 
representing the graduate concern. Were the problems 
tudent interest · on campus. of the disabled or female 

We have made this known to students considered? Some 
administrators in the past fe male s tudent s have 
but it appear. that some informed us that some of the 
continue to ignore it. We hope existing bus stops are in bad 
thi s negligence will be locations. When the bus 
rectified in the future. routes were changed, 'was 

Our second concern deals any of this considered? If so, 
with the content of the was it reported to The Daily 
solution to the bus noi ·e. It Guardiall? 
appears quite clear that the Graduate Student 

Damita Darnice Davis decision to change the bus Council 

• • anIons 
Something on your mind? Write it down. then. and brfnI it. 

our office, located southwest of the Revelle ProV68t's ~ 
We only ask that you type your letters, triple-spaced 0" a 

space line. . 
Our !l'ailing address:""Guardian. Op-Ed, B·Ol6. La jaUa. 

92093. For information, caD 452-3468, 

Extension rock 'n roll 
class should continu'e 

Counselor 
supports 
gay group Editor: 

( am a librarloin at San 
Diego State and have found 
UCSD's courses much more 
interesting, varied and 
innovative than those at 
SDSU's extension. There-
fore, I was dismayed to hear 
that extension will not 
spon or John Mood's course 
in the history of rock and roll 
any longer. I (took) this 
course for no credit. I took it 
because I have had a long 
time layman's interest in 
rock music. I took it for 
pleasure and I found it to be 
pleasurable and informative. 
Extension courses have long 
had a tradition of offering 
unique and interest ing 
ubjects. 
Certainly this course in not 

that far out, considering 
COO in (indud-

ing jazz) in other legit imate 
musical genre (if you do not 
consider rock music 
legitimate, I envy your ability 
to ignore reality). It is also not 
nearly as innovative or 
unusual as serveral ot her 
extension courses given at 
UCSD. ( believe this is a 
worthwhile course even if it 
was just for fun (and yet is 
much more - informative 
and interest ing.) 

I consider myself a fairly 
traight middle-class type 

and I believe extension is 
doing an injustice to the 
Music Department. the 
univer ity and to San Diego. 
In cancelling this class. it is 
losing sight of the idea of a 
university as being an open 
forum . 

Charle Dintrone 

Editor: 
I am amazed at john ]. 

jennings' "shock and 
disappointment" caused by 
the "immoralit y" of the gay 
students' page in the NO\·. 20 
Dailv (;uardiall . Doesn't he 
kno\\' bv now that 10 to 15 
percent - of his Chemistry 
Department are gay males! 
Lesbians? 

I dearlv wish we could 
introduce- ourselves to him: 
such a meet ing might 
convince him that we aren't 
the monsters he thinks we 
are. 

On the other hand. r must 
admit wi);hinR all .t5 to 68 of 
us the Chemistry Depart · 
ment could mllect i\'el\' kit.'k 
his bigoted ass. . 

Nnmt.' Withheld 

Trend of the 80' s: 
govern from below 
Soviet, US policies are 
often undermined 

BY JOHN STEWART 
Pau:iftt..' N~"s Scn' k(" 

Surveying the major political event s of 1980 from the 
per pective of Washington or Moscow - or from almost 
any nation-state capital - one must be struck by the 

' inabilities of national governments to succeed in anything 
they try to do. Whatever happened to the vaunted ability 
of governments to govern - or of the help-needing 
governed to be governed . 

Moscow in its large 'se, tries to help it client. t he Kabul 
government. to impose s tability on war-ra vaged, 
backward Afghani stan, only to find it elf bogged down in 
a long and costly guerrilla war with no ligh t at the end of 
the tunnel. Yet. the Afghans, who are Pas htu . Uzbek, 
Hazara and a dozen or more other tribes before they are 
Afghans, rebel as fiercely against Kabul as Mo cow. 

Meanwhile, the benefits of Politburo guidance are 
questioned and then challenged within the Soviet bloc 
itself by Polish workers who by-pass - and thus whittle 
down - their own government to form a new grassroots 
democratic 'System in the dirt and grime of the factories. 

As Americans cheer on these insurgent developments 
in Russia's backyard, Washington's hegemony over its 
own Latin American backyard is crumbling brick by 
brick. [n Nicaragua, in El Salvador, in Guatemala and 
elsewhere, unruly peasant farmers and workers. often 
supported by Catholic priests and nuns, have chaJlenged 
the granite foundations of American'sponsored 
dictatorships and oligarchies and found them full of 
fractues. )n the process of coming down. they take tens of 
ttlousands of lives with them - some 50,000 in 
Nicaragua, and more than 9.000 so far in EI Salvador. 

In the United States i(seii. Washington's ability to 
shape the nation's destiny reminds one of the "helpless 
giant" in Vietnam a decade ago. Economic recession, 
record high intrest rates. the collapse of the automobile 
market and the housing industry, raging inflation - none 
seem amenable to the government 's powers to 
manipulate. Policy just doesn't work. 

Even America's bedeviler incarnate, the Ayatollah 
Khomeini, can sit on 52 American hostages for every day 
of 1980 and snub his nose at this most powerful of all 
nations. The US State Department. to which the sanctity 
of nation-state government is somewhat higher than that 
of god. is totally helpless when it comes to dealing wit h a 
nation that apparently dQesn 't want to evolve a state in 
the mold of American, or Soviet. expectations. 

Already in 1980, Alaska, the largest. rich est and most 
Western of all state, ha voted to establish a special 
commission to take a second look at the virtues of 
belonging to the United States. While actual secession is 
not likely, the mere acceptability of the subject would 
have been unthinkable only a short time ago. 

The issue of ecession is more than just thinkable in 
Canada; in 1980 it has been the prime political issue all 
year, first in Quebec, where French separatism was 
narrowly defeated last May, and now in Western Canada, 
where provincially oriented Westerners resent the 
central government 's effott to gain greater control over 
the human and natural resources of the hinterlands. Oil-
rich Albertans are opting almost one-out-of-three for a 
separate nation, .while a determined Prime Minister 
Trudeau seeks to cap his political career by making 
Ottawa the Canadian equivalent of Washington. 

The principal political actors of 1980 are close brethren 
to those of recent decades. But they are also dose to the 
political cutting edge in lit erally hundreds of nations-
wit hout-states whose polit ics we rarely hearof - nat ions 
like Wales. Brittany. Scotland. Corsica, the Basque 
country. Kurdistan. Wallonia. Tahiti. Latvia and 
Lit huania and dozens of others (including that other 
monet ary hot spot of 1980, the island of Espirit u Santo in 
the New Hebrides). These are. for the most part. true 
nat ions whose legit imacy derives from historical 
sovereignty, a cultural and linguistic identity and, most 
important of all. political consensus. 

What we are Wit nessing in 1980 is the struggle between 
these two forms of nat ionalism - t he aging briant states, 
born out of King Louis XIV's seminal "L'etal, c'est moi." 
and fighting sti ll to justify their overgrown. ambitio~s: 
and the voung sprouts coming up under their feet. with 
rools in ihe soil of human rights, demadingtheirown bit 
of sunlight. 

What we are wit nessing is the evolut ion - or more 
properh', the devolution - of political power. 

To those who st ill belie"e in t he legit imat'~' and I he 
ethos of the great "nation-stales. the process now 
unfolding seems fraught wit h dangers: a world split into a 
thoulland and more lImall states. each asserting its own 
uniCjuenesll, none powerful enough to give I he world a 
direct ion or a logic. Will the world end up as a global 
Lebanon wit h itll unending coml1'unal bloodshed? There 
are, in (al't, plenty of lIigns thaI these lill Ie nations· 
wit hout·states are aware (If this danger. It is they \\'hu 
ha\'e bet'ome the chief champions of the one inslitution 
that truly girdles Ihe world - the I fnited Nations. Thert.· 
is general rl't:clKnil ion among t hem that t hl' l 'nitl'<l 
Natiuns ,llonl' can J(ivc them tht, k'Kit imacy the~' m't'd and 
ilt the same til11l' protect and sen' in' thelll . 

! 

Munday. J illluury ii. I HH I 

Critic of gays 
should be kicked 
Editor: 

I was "ery disappointed to 
read john jennings' leIt er 
(/Jai/l' Guardiall, NO\·. 2-H 
which he wrote in response to 
the full page iiCl that the Gay 

tudent s of LJCS)) placed in 
your paper. It is discouraging 
to me that in a countr\, that 
promotes "liberty and justice 
for all," there are individuals 
who want to restrict the 
right s of those who hold 
values that differ from their 
own. It is-sad that people who 
are different. be they 
different racially. economic-
ally. nationally, philosophi -
cally, in sexual orientation, 
or whatever, are seen as a 
threat by other ind ividuals 
who are also uniquely 
different in their own way. 

Just as I respect the rights 
of those .individuals in 
GSUCSD to place the ad, I 
respect Mr.jennings' right to 

rl'~p()ncl. ancl alll pll'asl'd that 
he took t hL' l'nl'q ... 'y to do :;0 . I 
think that it i:; importa!1l to 
speak out (or onl"~ hellers. 
rather t han holding strong 
feelings in silencl' . :inn' Mr. 
Jennings is reaching out \0 
others "on thi s campus that 
will speak out against this 
immoralit y." I hope t hat he is 
willing to become acquainted 
wit h t he recent lit erat ure on 
homosexualit\'. so that he 
and ot her ' can speak wit h 
knowledge, as well as 
emotion. 

[ wou Id be happy to provide 
Mr. jennin&TS wit h references 
and also will meet wit h him 
to provide informat ion and to 
discuss his concerns. if he 
will contact me for this 
purpose. 

the boltom line 
Howard Leonard 

Counseling & 
Psychological Services 

Zen thinking for 
a Dlello\V living 

By Keith Grant-Davie 
How many Zen Buddhists 

would it take to change a 
light bulb? Any number, 
really - one would be 
putting in the new bulb and 
the rest would be "not 
putting" it in. The joke 
makes gentle (un of Eastern 
philo ophy, which is often an 
enigma to our Western 
minds. A short while after I 
heard it. r came across a slim 
paperback called Zen ill fhe 
Art 0/ Archery, which helped 

Keith Grallt -Dallie, Oil 
exchallKe fro/ll England, is a 
gradllate s/udellt ill literatllre_ 

explain the joke but also set 
me thinking. The author, 
Eugen Herrigel. spent six 
years in japan between the 
wars, mastering the art of 
archery . 

This might not seem to be 
very relevant to Southern 
California in the early 
Eighties, but no philosophy 
worth its salt should be 
limited to a particular time 
and place. As Herrigel 
explains, the pract ice of Zen 
archery is only a physical 
demonstration of principlcs 
that underlie human 
behavior. It's a kind of 
classroom of t he self. 

What r would like to 

son 
CONTACT LENSES 

Special offer: includes: 
soft lenses - care kit 

Plano sunglasses 
follow up care 

and exam i nation 
$150 

Robert M. Heller, O.D. 
La Jolla Village Square Mall 
Lower Level 

BaUlCh & Lomb 
softens and 

IUpplies awlilebic 452-7374 

The $ 8 Precision Haircut ==========-
(includes shampoo, conditioner ~ cut) , . /?:~~ 
for guys and gals at ~ ~ sl-4 (. M .;.... 

l~~ """ ', 
'- . \- ,~ 

\ 
La Jolla CUITING Company 
rCaIl for 

appolnbnenL 

737 Purl SL 
4S6-1170 

r---COUpoa ----, 
I , I blow dry included I 
I with coupon. , 
I wnQ hair $2 extra , 
, for blow dry. , 
, I 
, "IUP"" q ..... '1on-Thu" ""1) , I L __________ ..i 

Till' (illlll'ltilll' 

suggest is t hat. mellow and 
hassle-free as we are 
supposed to be in the Far 
West, we could learn a fe\\' 
things from across the 
Pacific. Zen applies to us here 
and now. and I think we could 
all use a lit tleof it in our lives. 

The problem Herrigel 
meets most often as he learns 
archery is that his ego keeps 
tripping him up: he is too 
preoccupied with succeeding 
a nd too conscious of all the 
difficulties that are holding 
him back . He has learnt to 
believe t hat problems are 
overcome on ly by active 
resistance, or counteract ion. 
In effect, he is merely 
reflecting the philosophy of 
opposition upon which 
Western thinking is based -
the belief that life is a 
continual struggle of opposite 
forces, Ihat progress 
demands com pet it ion. that 
only the st rong survive. and 
soon. It 's a Darwinian lincof 
thinking. based on t he idea of 
evolution . We imitate. in our 
supposedly ci\'ilized society. 
the st rugg-Ie for sun'i"al that 

we see in the animal and 
\,egetable kingdoms. 

I don'l thin k we can rise 
above t he problems and 
limitations of anmial 
existence unless we change 
t his, and I do belie\'e I hat we 
arc more t han merely super· 
apes. As t he archery master 
tells him , Herrigel is being 
impeded by his overdeveloped 
will and bv t he belief that 
what he ' does not do 
consciously does not happen. 
He makes no pro~,'TesS at all in 
his archery until he learns t() 
rise above t he demands and 
concerns of his ego. To dra\\' 
the p)\verfu l Japanese bow 
correct Iv. he has to learn to do 
so wiih his arms and 
shou lders relaxed . 

That all sounds \,erv 
esoteric. but how does It 
apply to us? I think one mtljor 
area where our efforts are 
frequently counterproduct -
ion is in communication . 
Much of t hi s is based on a 
principle of di"ision and 
conflict and is not n~all\' 
communi<.'at ion but cont r,i-
diction . We need to work 

instead toward resolut ion 
and understanding. How 
often do you hear two people 
arguing excitedly and notke 
th(lt neither is attempting tn 
understand the other? Thev 
are each trying only to defeat 
the ot her's "iews and replace 
them with their own. Thev 
listen wit h their mout h~ 
open. not trying to hear what 
the ot her reallv means but 
busily thinking' of a suitabk' 
reply. This becomes tl conflict 
of egos, rather than a 
profit able exchange of ideas. 
II () \\' e f fee t i ,. e W 0 u I d 
telecommunicat ions be if Wl' 
built transmitters but no 
receivers? 

I find the same effa:t in 
myself. all too often. when I 
i-,ri\'e excessive rein to the 
conscious. thinking part of 
my mind. This is the part 
I hat makes me approach l)I'n 
and paper as I ' would a 
dentist's surgery, anticipa-
ling the painful pulling of 
ideas inslead of expect ing 
them to flow easily. When I 
screw up a sheet nf scratch 

"Iclls,-> turn til I»'MC 19 

La Jolla 
Barber Shop 

Haircuts $5.00 
Ladies' cut & blow dry 
$10.00 (long hair extra) 

Hours: 

Complete Styles: 
Reg. $10.00, now only 
$8.50 with student ID. 

Ladies Welcome! 

920 Kline Street 
La Jolla 

459-57" 
Humbert Arce, Owner Tues-Fri 8:30-5:00 

Sat 9:00-4:00 
Closed Sunday and 
Monday Happy New Year to Alii 

EARN INTEREST ON CHECKINGI 
NO MONTHLY sERVIa CHARGE THROUGH JUNE, 19811 

NO MINIMUM BAlANal 
Earn 5.25% Interest (effective annual Yield 5.47%) on your checking account and pay 
no monthly service charge through June, 1981, no matter what your balance. This offer 
IS good at our LA JOLLA BRANCH only, and Will expire June 30, 1981 . Bnng this coupon 

In today and open your Action Plus cheCking account - it's In your Int~est. 
Name _____________________________________________________ _ 

Address __ 

Phone 
- - -----------~----'-----..:..--------

T BEVERLY HILlS SAVlt\JGS 
H8 U ViII" t" JOl ld L)r!",.· "I 1.1 )v ll.) Vi llage Square 452-5660 

.D. ,11 H" . • , 'tt. Btllnc h Mlr1<l<jP.r 

\ N O tl N '\ I\T 



.. The Guardian 

C"o,dill" ,.010 by PlliIIi~ o.vies 

MondllY. January 5. 1981 

SDTis 
still on 
campus 

Plans to reroute several 
bus lines from the center of 
campus to its perimeter will 
go into effect Feb. 2. 
according to San Diego 
Transit officials. 

SDTC route 21 will no 
longer come on campus, but 
will stop at the VA Hospital. 
It will then to north on 
InterstateS to its destination, 
Sorrento Valley. 

SDTC route 41 will no 
longer stop at the intersec-
tion of Miramar Rd. and 
Myers Dr. or at the Central 
Cashier's Office. It will stop 
at the Gilman and Myers 
intersection next to the 
University Bookstore. 
however. The line will be 
rerouted behind Warren 
Campus on Gilman Dr. to Old 
Miramar Rd. and then will 
continue to its destination. 
Fashion Valley. 

please turn to page 5 

Muir students head back 
to the dorms. looked down 
upon from Tioga Hall by 
photo editor Philip Davies_ 

lITERATURE DEPARTMENT 
Winter, 1981 

All studlllit ......... .od/dJtop c.dI .. procaMd In lullclns E 
~ .. _), 11*d COIIqe. UndatI--- IntonnItIon on 
couna, ................. II.,. .... In loom 110. car.du* 
........ Oft II .,.1IbIc In IooIft 103. 

Ut!E~lish 187 
lID ~ TcdIl co 1 ·rbIIon ... CuItInIIxpNuIon 
Instructor; &-am Dijkstra . 
Tu/Th 11:»12:50, W£C 124 - C~ CocX 6924 
This c;ourse will cepIore the close Ii,. bdwun CLJMrt forms of Black 
m,sic as Il rMdium of litera.y, socicxritical and poIiticc1I expression. 
W~ shall give Sf?Cdal attention to the poetry of Black music: the 

B~, and the improvi~onal '\lOCal poetry rJ the .J&maicMl r~ 
deejays, as well as other forms of voaal music expressive of 
contestatory political attitudes in the Blac~ nations of the Third 
World, as well as the Black communities of the United States. 

Lit/General & Lit/German 149 
_ LIIeIMlnJ R.M. IUIke 
Instructor; Steven Cassedy 
MM 10:00-10:50, US8 4030A - Course Code Gen. 7073, Germ. 7170 
Ranier Maria Rilke has been described as the !J"eatest German poet after 
Goethe and Holderiin. This course will be a study of his poetic and 
prose worI<s to be .read in the original German or in translation. 

Lit/Gen 152 
......... ... 1cIuI: TM InIpftd Voice 
Instructor; William Fitzgerald 
Tu/Th 2;30-3;50. HSS 2333 - Course Code 7076 
This course will focus on the prophetic or sublime strllin in lyric 
poetry. Among the poets we will be reading are the biblical 
prophet lsatah, the anciert Greek philosopher PlncW, Milton. Dryden. 
~s, WordS\lllOrth, Coleridge, Shelley, HopkinS and Whitman. 

Lit/Gen 162 
Jolt ... FaiIy TIles: 0ncIc Upon • TIIne, IIudIns of T .... 
,... Various ....... CuItura 
Instructor: Glem Sadler 
Tu/Th 11:30-12;50, HL 1438 - Course Code 7084 
This course offers an introductory survey of folk and fairytales. 
Secondly, an in-depth consideration will be given to the classic 
fairytClle lind its contribution to literary genres. OpportUnity will also 
be given for the experimental writing of folk-fairytales. The following 
types of folk tales will be read and discussed; Tales of Magic -
fairies, pi)(ies and other .....ee folk, tales of animals and stories of 
witches and devils, formula tales, trickster and morality tales. The 
classic takes rJ Peraultk, Grimms, Andersen, and George M!tcDonald 
will llisa be discussed 

Lit/Gen 164 
,..., ..... ScIence FIctIon: Crdlnt AI ......... Wortdl 
Instructor: Glem ·Sadler 
Tu/Th 2:30-3:50, HL 1438 - Course Code 7085 
The course offws a creative exploration of fartasy literature through 

selecti~ reaciir& lecture-discussion, and crafting one's own alternate 
world. The re(JJired texts selected are represe~ of the 
following altt:rnak worlds: MacDonald's Phantastes (faerie), Lesis's 
Out of the Silert Planet (Mars). Tolkien's The Fellowship of the Ri~ 

(Midd~-Earth), lkar's Beyond Heaven's River (Perfidisian Planet), and 
Brin's Sundiver (Sun) . 

Lit!Erelish 149 
ThIMIIIft EnsfIIIt .......... U ........ : Wa •• nMdU .. -. 
New Instructor: Sandra Dijlcstra 
Tu/Th 8:30-9;50, n.H 110 - Course Code 6907 

. This is a class in ,eqisc~ing American women's lite:ratur~. Among 
the texts to IX lad /!Ie Ursula l.eGuin's Left Hand ct 05Icness, c.P. 
Gilman's YellON Wallpaper and Chopin's Aw_nire· 

lit!English 174 . 
II.MMIIIon .. frdtlon In AMrIcan fiction 1 .... 1t50 
New InstructO'; Devid Clayton 
Tu/Th 1;00-2:20,,.pM 2313 - Course Code 6916 
This course will focus upon the far-reachi~ experiments in form and 
content that characterize this period in the history of American 
fiction and shoN hcMI they relat~ to certain themes pecurw to 
American literature. The reading will include works by the following 
writers: Stephen Crane, C:JeJtrude Stein, John Dos Passos, William 
FilJlkner, Henry Miller, Paul Bowles and .Jack Kerouac. 

Lit/Gen 119 NIW lOOMS: ===:::;, 
MyIIIOIo9Y 
Instructor: P* duBots 
MWf 1 ;00-1:50, HSS 1128 - Course Code 7045 

Lit/Spanish 142 
SpInIIII AnIIrIcM Short seory 
Instructor· Marta Sanchez 
Tu/Th 1l00-2:20, HSS 2152 - Cou~ Code 7278======:=1 

,.. 

Monday, January 5} 1981 
/ 

The Guardiun 5 

North Co~nty transit strike ends 
Drivers, mechanics and clerical 

workers of the North County Transit 
District ended a seven-week strike 
during Christmas week and all bl,ls 
lines, including 301 which serves the 
UCSD area. have resumed full service. 

And. in an effort to boost its ridership 
again, NCTD management will offer 
free bus rides this weekend. 

Members of the United Transporta-
tion Workers Union. Locat 81. unhappy 
over ·the lack of a labor contract with 
NCTD, voted almost unanimously to 
walk out last Nov. 5. Since then, only 40 
percent of their bus lines have been in 
service, with a few of the . buses in 
operation the victims of bullets and 

slashed tires. Most provided sporadic 
service. 

The negotiations brought a three 
year contract calling for a nine-and-
one-half percent yearly wage increase 
and additional frin~e benefits. 
including hospital benefits. for NCTD 
workers, accordi~ to Dennis Ford. a 
union representatIve_ The union had 
initially requested a 16_5 percent wage 
increase for the first year, and a 10 
percent annual increase for the second 
and third years, Ford said_ 

To "celebrate" the full service. 
NCTD buses will run the regular 
routes on Jan. 9 and 10 at no charge to 
the pu blic, according to Eileen Mackin. 

spokeswoman for the transit company. 
She added that NCTD maintained 60 
percent of its ridership during the 
walk-off. 

However, Mackin said she does not 
know if the new labor contract will 
have an effect on bus fares in the near 
future, 

Bus line 301. which runs south from 
Oceanside through Del Mar and passes 
Central Library. the cashier's office 
and the Basic Science building, makes 
Its runs from the VA Haopital at :15 and 
:45 between 5:45 am and 9:45 pm 
Monday through Friday_ The bu~ 
leaves Del Mar (at 15th street) at :25 
and :55_ 

The campus anti-draft movements, led by San Diego 
Students for Peace, have worked on several boycotts and 
r"Wes prior to this week. Above, left, last F ebruary·s 
Revelle Plaza rally draws 2,500 students. Above, UCSD 
students block the entrance to San Diello's main post office 
during last year's first registration week. Above, ri.ht. 
Literature professor Saul Steier, since released from the 
school screams "How does it fuckin. feel to be dra fted?" ina 
Dylan-like rasp at the February rally. 

Students 
won't get 
bonus 

. BY JEFF 
BERESFORD-HOWE 

New. Editor 
Checks went out to all 

state employees last month 
for a 7 percent retroactive pay 
increase. but t he state will 
not give its back pay bonus to 
students, the state treasur-
er's office said this weekend_ 

The checks cover a nine-
month period between 
October, 1978 andJune.1979. 
The one-time increase does 
not affect current salary 
levels and is based on the old 
salary levels since raised 9.9 
percent. 

SDSP announces plans The legislation. pushed by Controller Ken Cory, who is 
!hinking s~riously of running 
tn the 1982 Democratic 
primary for Governor, gave 
state employees the retroac-
tive raise because Governor 
Brown. stung by Proposition 
13, vetoed a pay raise 
proposal then. The legisla-
ture has since over-ridden his 

to oppose draft registration 
BY JENIFER WARREN 

New. Editor 
Along with paying f~s, buying books 

and attending classes, many male UCSD 
students will have another task · to 
perform this week if they oomply with 
Selective Service System directives -
registering for the draft. 

Post Offices across the oountry, 
including the Argo Halt Post Office on 
campus, will solicit draft registration 
forms from 1962-born males of American 
citizenship today through Saturday. 
This week marks the second period uf 
draft registration reinstated by 
President Carter last February_ 

Nationwide and local anti-draft groups 
have scheduled various protest activities 
for the week. similar to those staged 
during the last two weeks of July, 1980. 
when males born in 1960 and 1961 
rfCistered, 

The Week Against Registration 
Committee (WAR), composed of 
resistance groups including the San 
Diego Students for Peace (SDSP) and the 
Coalition Against Registration for the 
Draft (CARD) wiII kick off the week with 
a picket of t he downtown San Diego Post 
Office at 8th and E Streets today at noon . 

SDSP members had planned to b10cade 
the post office following the picket. as 
they did successfully for over two hours 
last July. But the group decided againsl 

~ating that move late yesterday_ 
'There is no official explanation for 

our decision not to blockade the post 
office," said one SDSP member who 
wished to remain anonymous. 

"But basically, we have decided to 
concentrate on one on one counseling 
with potential registrants rather than 
st. a major symbolic act." 

SDSP's representative added that "by 
not blockading, we are saving our energy 
for ~1irlj with Reacan." who the group 
believes "m!~ds to mten'me militarily 
~here_ 

Representatives from the National 
Lawyers Guild. the Peace Resource 
Center in San Diego and SDSP will 
participate in a teach-in at San Diego 
City College on Thursday. 

Topics including current Selective 
Service regulations regarding 

r~stration, eligibility for conscientious 
objector status. and draft and war tax 
resistance will be discussed in the 
college's BuildinE A. room WI, at 7 pm. 

Finally. CARD and SDSP mem bers 
will leaflet all of the major post offices in 
the area in an attempt to discourage 
would-be registrants. 

"Last summer, through leafletting and 
just talking to people outside post offices, 
we turned away about halfthe numberof 
people who came intending to register," 
said SDSP member Scott Kessler. 

Although the only on-campus protest 
.planned for the week is the leafletting of 
the Argo Hall Post Of ice. SDSP member 
Mitch Sosna expects some "sponta-
neous" activity to erupt later in the 
week. 

"Right now. we're all ooncentratingon 
the picket downtown," said Sosna, "but 
I'm sure something will come up later 
this week." 

SDSP will continue to offer peer draft 
counseling. updated information on the 
draft and registration and referral 
system 'throughout the rest of the 
academic year from their offices in the 
student center. 

Those who choose to register may do so 
at any local post office between 8:30 am 
and 5 pm Monday lhrough Friday or 
between 9 am and 12 pm ·on Saturday_ 
The Argo Hall Post Office on Revelle 
Campus will be open weekdays only, 10 
am to 4 pm, 

Registrants must submit the following 
information as per l'Urrent SSS policy: 
full name. birthdate. sex. permanent 
mailing addres.o;. permanent residence, 
~rm;mt'nt phone number. foreign 

address if applicable, and social security 
number. 

They must also "affirm the preceding 
statements are true" with their 
signature. please turn to pale 20 

Bus routes will change 
pie. lie tum to pale 4 complaints from Administra-

North County Transit tion\"e Complex occupants . 
ro.ute :101. and SDTC route 30 Much student protest was 
WIll mntmue to run through heard concerning the 
I he cenl~~l campus area . proposed change, but officials 
Also: SD I C route 34 will in the Parking and Transit 
mn.t lOue to sen·e ucsn on a Se ..... ices office, together with 
penmeler route. .. Sl?TC authorities. came up 

The changes were Insll· wIlhthisplanthattheyayis 
lUI ed fol\(I\\"I ng a st udy in t he best inlerests of all 
I)rum Pll'd ~y bus noi:-ie parI ies invol\'ed. 



TheGuanIiaa Moaday. January 5,.&,981 ., 

Do You Want 
To Be Rich and famous 
And See Your Naine In Print? 

We can't promise you the first two things, but If you come write for us, you're sure to 
.see your name In print. 

We're the Guardian, and we're here to serve you. We are searching the campus far 
and wide, looking for energetic students who love to write, meet people and work hard. 
If you have ever written for a newspaper-or even If you haven't-we would like you to 
Write for us. 

We need writers In all departments: News, arts, science, and sports. We also need 
good photographers to capture tlie news and views of UCSD. All of our writers are the 
Guardian's "eyes" on the campus, and are responsible for interviewing, attending 
campus meetings and events and writing articles. , 
If you would like to write for us, give us a call or stop by our offices, located behind the 
Revelle Provost's ·Office. 

. . 

. . 

Munday,'January j, 19H I 

Olafson is new grad 
associate dean of students 

Frederick A. Olafson. phil()s()ph~' 
professor here. has been appointed 
associate dean of graduate st udie~. 
effect ive I(\st Dec. 1. 

Olafson's dut ies as associilt c dean 
are to rel'i w the graduate teaching 
and research funct ions of t he arts, 
humanit ies and social sciences faculty 
for the purposes of appointment. 
merit increases and promolion. 

A graduate of Harvard University. 
Dr. Olafson has taught at Vassar. 

Johns Hopk ins and at Ilan·ard . He has 
taught herr s ince 1971 and II'as 
chairman of the J)epart ment of 

Phil()soph~' frolll 197:1 to 197(). 
Olafson's scholarl\' I\'ork has heen 

mainh' in t hr area o( et hies and social 
philos()phy and in t he philosophy of 
t he mind . His most recent hwk is Till' 
f)ialC'('lir 11/ Adiol/ : A Pllil(}s(}p/liml 
II/Ierpre/al ioll 11/ Hisllll:\, III/d IIIl' 
Hu 111(111 ilies. published in 1979 by the 

nil'en;i ty of Chicago Press. 

Bowker honored by 
registrar colleagues 

Bizarre 4-D movie 
will play TLH 107 

Bmwn ('ni\'t.'no;it 1' llIat IWlllat kiilO 
Thllnlil" Banchtll( will condUl1 a 
"filmed l'xl'ltrsilln to I he rllurt h 
dimen .. ion" during a It'\'1 un' h,'r,' at 

7~iO pm. TUl'scla\'. Jan. I :~. 
Banchoff's talk. "The Fourth 

Dimension and Computer Animated 
Geometry." is sponsored by the 
mathematic. department and will 
be given in TLH 107. The public is 
invited and admission is free. 

During hi" lecture Banchoff will 
show hi:-; award·winning computer 
graphk", film "The Hypercube: 
Project ions and Slit-ing." 

A recent art i Ie in "$,';"111'1' 'Hi)" 
described the film as "a grand tuur 
of an object basic t () (our-
dimensional r~ch t hal has never 
been buill and never could be built. 

Viewt'l's are gi"en a fin;,·hand \'n' 
of a multicolored geoOletri(' 
{' .. nstellat iun ihat tumbles, rerls. 
and mnlOrt:-; against a shadu",v 
hal'kgrnund and seems at limetlli, 
rotate within and through it~r. 

"\lifft>rent perspecth'es or the 
ohjl'\'t yield additi(mal pmpert~as 
Bam'hoff ~retchel4 the audiefk'e'" 
imaginat ion with a cielK.Tiption of 
wtiat is happeni", on lhe IW.Teen:· 
the article contlh~. "As the 
hypercube's illlalt ,.,mutate 
and wa\'er, the aud' is 
challenged to unden1tanlt· it 
has Ile\'er seen bef<n," 

The film has been .. _~ 
houses at coUce ~== 
"cientific meet'AP 
counlry, 

Ronald J. Bowker, registrar and from Loyola Unviersity in Chicago and '--S=------::I=:-:I=---::.~---------:.~~ ...... 1IIlIooI 
admissions officer here, was named an M.S. degree in public administra· top aIg CODlD1Ittee 
president of the Pacific Association of tion from Cal State. Los Angeles. 
Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Bowker has also served as a teacher ell J 9 

7 

Officers at the association's annual in the Illinois public chools and a WI protes tan. 
meeting in Tuscon. director of the national te ting 

Bowker. registrar and admissions programs for Science Re earch A broad coalition of anti·war and American Servicemen's Union. 
officer al UC San Diego since 1973, A ociates in Chicago. progre sive organization ' and Norma Becker of the War Resisters 
was named president-elect of PACRAQ individuals plan a mass demonstra· League. Seymour Melman of SANE, 
last year. The regional association is Coast Cru lOser tion Jan. 9 to protest the confirmat ion William Kunstler. Youth Against War 
made up of some 390 educational of General Alexander Haig as & Fascism. East Coast Coalition in 
institutions from Alaska. Arizona. t /0 Secretary of State. Solidarit y wit h I he People of EI 
California, Hawaii. Idaho, Montana. says a lVe The protes t will take plang Salvador. D.C. NICA (Nicaraguan 
Nevada. Oregon. Utah and beginning at noon . Solidarity). Wa s hington Peace 
Washington, the Territory of Guam The·Coast Cruiser Commuter Bus. A partial Ii t of the groups and Center. Dennis Serrette of the 
and the provinces of Alberta and shuttling between campus and the individuals participating in the National Black Communications 
British Columbia in Canada. North county. will re ume operation Cr)alition to top Haig inrludec : Coalition. Dr. Michio Kaku. CCNY. 

It is the largest regional group today. HuwltnJ Zinn uf Boston University. 
a sociated with the national Thebu makes nightly runs at 8:30. Women 's Strike for Peace. the Lower East Side Mobili1.ation for 
organization. the American 9:30 and 10:30 pm Sunday through National Anti ·Draft Network . P ace. Bob Cheeks. Dr. lIelen 
Association of Collegiate Registrars Thursdav. Mobilization for Survival. Da vid Rodriguez. Rev. Kirkpatrick of N.Y. 
and Admissions Officers. Cost of the ride remain ' 25<r. Dellinger. Don Luce. of Clergy and Deacons for Defense and Justice. 

Bowker came to the campus in 1968 Informat ion and chedu les for all bus Laity Con ·erne<:!. Bait imore Welfare Dykes against Racism Everywhere. 
after serving as associate director of services may be obtained at the Off· Rights Organizat ion. Sean Gervassi of R v. Lee Ball of Met hodist Federal ion 
admi sions and records at California Campus Housing and Transportat ion the Concerned Cit izens Commillee on for ocia l Act ion. and man v 01 hers. 
State Univer ity at Los Angele ·. He Office. located in Bldg. B Siudent Africa . Boston Alliance agai ns t Several of these organizations will 
.:.re=:.c:.:e.:...iv-=ed-=--=a:....::.B.:.:.S.:... . .:...d::.:e~gr:..:ee-=--=i_n_h.:...u_m_a.:...n_i_t i_es_' __ C.:..e_n_t..:...er-=-C..:...om~p...::le_x_. ________ ~Re::.!g:!.:.i.::..s I;,:.r.:::,a:,:t i.::.:on:.:...-.::.a;,:.n=.d.-.::.,:t h.:.::e,--,I~) r:..:a::,::ft. 1 he les t i f y at the hea rinJ,(':-; a~. wc;..t'..::;.;'I,;:.;,I. __ 

DISABLED STUDENT SERVICES 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 

SAN DIEGO 

r-----......... - Services for Disabled Students -----, 

The primary object i"e of the Ofriceof Disabled Student Senices is to integrate and 
mainstream disabled students into general campus programs and acti,·ities. The 

ability of each disabled student to function independently in the edu(,3tional 
em'ironment is the ultimate goal. 

The following ser\'ices are a\'ailable to met'l the individual needs of 
disabled student s: 

('utlllselilll( IIllfl Adri.,illl( 
Al'lldellli,' SII/I""rl <:""rdillolil/II 

Rl'ftd,'/'S 
11I1,'r/ln'lt'/'S 
N"Moh'/'S 

S"",'i,,' f:q"ilmll'1I1 
II ·II,-ril'lttlir.' 

(11,,,,'11,' H,nml,',')1 
S/IC''';IIII'lIrkilll( 

H''1(islmliOlI ,Is,.i.<',,,,, ', , 
S/IC~'i(/' /0.'1/1'1111111''111 

7i'.<I· 7i/~'illJ( .. trTIINJ((',,"':! ls 
S/IC·,.illll·/, ..... imll-.·rlllmli,OI 

!.illi.<"" lI'illl /I" . l ·"":I;"."i,, SI"I,' 1)"/1111'1111"/11 ,,' R"/lIIbilil"li,,,, 
"'r:li'null" N, ·.<rlllll'l·.< .. <;"/'1 ';"'')1 111111 .. tJir'l/o';r's 

Additional Information: 

Disabled Student Scrvkes 
University of California. San Diego 

La Jolla. CA 9209:~ 
(71 ·1) .t52·4:~~2 

(71 ·1) · '52·24~H TTY 

~ll111t 'tl d,, ' UIH t 11 , iThJII II! -1 . .... .111111 \ \ \ til!" I . "q lt! It! III -I, III I,,,.,., 
111""' \ .1I ... ,d,I.-d IWh ':i' "" l" II l 

Casino JVight 
[J'E.:B:RU71:RY 21 

1st meeting : Thursday, January 3 
7 :00pm H-L Auditorium 

Sign up in the Recreation OJJice 
or call 452 -4037 



• 
Monday. January 5. 1981 

Ocean wind study 
Tbe effects of the wind on the currents along northern 

California wiJ1 be the focus of a comprehensive. 6.4 million 
by a multi-institutional group (involving Scripps) of 
~. . The four·y~_~m. called Coastal Ocean Dynamics 
.... iment (CODEl, is a National Science Foundation·funded 

.ion to beaJnducted offshore between point Arena and 
~ Bay. Calif .• beginning in spring 1981. 

Weather will be wartn, dry 
this winter, N atnias thinks 

The winter will be warmer and dryer than 
normal over much of the western third of the 
nation. according to Dr. Jerome Namias. a 
Scripps scientist who has predicted much of 
the unusual winter weather experienced in 
the United States in recent years. 

"Present signs do not point to widespread 
heavy precipital ion in California this winter." 
said Dr. Namias. who is a research 
meteorologist with Scripps' Climate Research 
Group and a principal investigator for the 
institution's North Pacific Experiment 
(NORPAX). 

His prediction for much of the East Coast is 
colder and wetter than normal, with near· 
normal temperatures in the Florida peninsula. 
He said, "Indications point to colder than 
normal temperatures over the eastern half of 
the nation and also over the southwest from 
New Mexico through Oklahoma and Texas 
and warmer than normal temperatures over 
the western third of the nation." 

The Dakotas. Nebraska. and parts of 
Colorado, New Mexico, and Arizona, which lie 
in a region bet ween the above and near-normal 
temperature areas, will experience lar~e 
weekly fluctuations in temperature that Will 
average out to near·normal temperature for 
the season. 

regions of Washington and Oregon. Amounts 
in excess of normal are expected in a broad 
band extending from southern New Mexico 
through the Gulf Coast states and from the 
Appalachians eastward. In the remaining 
areas, about normal precipitation is indicated. 

Namias said this pattern marks a major 
change from last winter's weather, which was 
mild from the Great Plains eastward to New 
England. dry and realtively snowle s over 
much of t he east, but abnormally wet over the 
Southwest , particularly in California. 

He said this winter should bring appreciably 
more snow than last winter in areas from the 
Carolinas northward, as well as occasional 
snow and leet in northern portion of the Gulf 
states and in adjacent states to the north. 

He said the reasons for these temperature 
and precipitation patterns lie in the prevailing 
winds between 3,000 and 12,200 meters 

please turn to Jl8Jle 14 

Scripps prof ... or Jame. Nami •• , leader of an 
experiaIenta. project in weather prediction. 

Precipitation totals for 1 he winter are 
expected to be subnormal in a broad area 
extending from the western Great Lakes and 
Ohio Valley westward 10 the West Coast. 
except for near-normal amounts in coastal 

WINTER QUARTER EVENTS Hartford Ballet 
TIle LA. rour 

A cCllllbl.uon 01 rrtadshlp. artistic 
...., MIl lat IIIk .......... Ip ills 
,.adIc:ed IIIc IIICCIIIIPIDIIIc jla quartet -
DelAr .... 

....... I.MIIIIIo AIIIIddI 19utUr). Illy 
.... I"'~ Jeff ........ 1*-1) and Iud 
!IIIIIk laller JIIIIpIIcIIR ... 1IIIk) . are each 
.. ....., JafIUkd ...... hlllldr _ rlgltt. T.., thq ... cII_ ...aI daIInb 
IIItD _ adtIIg _ JIIIIId Ileal wltII • tOlleh 
0I1at1ll Jaa. 

Gore VIdal 
'"I1Ie Dtclillt! and Rebirth of the 
Amak:an RqIuIIIk" 

~ VNIIIs crrtalnly OM 01 AIMrIa's 
.... tOlltlOYti .... 1 oIIaenm 01 IOCIcty and 
IIIr political scrnr. His I«tuJa are full of 1M 
_ vItIIlty lid dlull .. dry wit and l""gIII 
lllat clWlcterfK 1111 wrllIntalllll tdntslon 
apparaIICCS. 

Wltll owr I' ~II Ill1m'. I'Iyra 
1IftckhIrtdge. IIIIkl. etc.) IS W" IS 
ICmnpIays. IIIIort stories .nd collded au" 
Ie Ills emit. YIcIII', crldlftly hIS 1110 bun 
..... I ..... ed by his puIJIk rn.tlng with _h 
dWttx paIOIIIltles IS tile Ilk IIobttt 
1IInIedy • .-..r o..Is. I'IoniiIn I'lllIer and 
WlIIIIII r. 1IucIIky. 

VIdaI's -,. (lie Is • iqlllIr cOillfbutor 
to bqtIllIt. perIIIpI Ills .... 1ICUtr. IUI1ng 
IIId cpIcaI ..... are r.t cOlllI .. clMer and 
dDItt 10 ...... ts 01 1M author. YkIII Is a 
..m 01 wertIII twIsb and slke thlt both 
nteItII .... apIaI tile strIousncss 01 his 
..... alln _ 01 YIN. 

~um's 
I.a5erock 2 
.... lis 1 70 lllinuk c08lllk lISa' 

co.:at ~ laturlllg tile music of 
PInk PIoyd . SIpt.IiIlflll. ILd ltpplln, tilt 
1IatIes. the c.s. tile ftIIkr. IIIr I'fttendm 
II1II_., _. ~II .... Is ~pIIed 
., I '-' t«llilklln. IIId no two sIMMs III 
lillie. 
.... llllS bem blaklns IItaIdaacr 

lUanIt hi f!'rr:t'J city. It·s 1 5butnlns. .ntllg 
col ... 01 yfllrlilt colon and I\ryptoII laser 
111uIICIII. It·s tecllnology colliding wtth color, 
rOllll IIId SOIIId - • fulurlstk rantasy Ihlt IIIe 
1.01 ~Ies TIInes clacrlbed IS "Alml 
".-till" 

a-odL 1 will II( PftXnlt'd ror Ihru 
....,..,. tIwft .,., a 1Ifght. rIraK 5p«lry 
wltlcil no ....... whklll_ J'OU wish to 
attend 011 tile order ronn. 

r..., Il. 13. 14 1n..rMay. r.....,. 
....." 

7. 1.40 ... 10.20 .. 
UC5D 5&. ..",.. CiA. .... 50 

Corpo santo 
cam".. Is COIIIlng to S.n DIegDI c.,. 

5IMe " a IIraIIIIIJI foIIlork baIpr 01 
dlncns .nd m_1Im who ~ 1M ~ 
coIorfIII asprcts of bltlln cu~ -
lIIICulde. 51I11III .... tIpOefiIl' IIIbtIft of 
nwtlll art IIId "'''''lIIk dllCe lint *"kIped 
by tile dacendlllts of IIIc AI\'ta. __ III 
1IruiI) . 

1IIe foIIIdance IIId sonp u.. ..... IIIr 
pul5lllng n.,ttun of mtous _1ft I~ 
lllat IncIuck IIIr cub. rrtgtcklra. !adD * 
cortr. IfD!IO and '""'Y otIIen. lk ... 
IlIYlfllllly crate a latlvc. tropkII 
alll108plleft In wIIldI audktlc:e lit 
spontanrousIy dIwn Inlo IIIr spirit of dancIng 
and camlYai rhythm . 

P11rd17.~.111O .. 
IIaeIIe c.fdIrII 
$.).00 lit 

JullUarcl SbiDg Quartet 
............. ,..... QuItd Is. or covnr. 

OM 01 1M worId's grut cllllnbtt IllUSk 
ensmdlks. IS wll IS I ra.orItc wllh Sin 
INcgo lU4lfence. 

Wi'll! tkllglllt'CI 10 II( atIIr 10 bring tllem 
'*II .... II1Is ,.. Tllrlr pnIIf" will lie, 
Pbart: QIIIItd In f Rat 
VerdI: Qulltd In f minor 
\lrahms: QUlrtd In C minor. 0". oS I 
r....., 21. 51..,., 
UCSD 5t. .... 00. CiA. ' .. 00 

f'Iom Its brglnnI..., IS .. OIItgJow1h 01 
IIIr Scllool of IIIr ........ IIIIct. tile elghl 
yar old COIIIJIIIIY ills __ OM of IIIr most 
IUCcasful and wIddy toIIftd cCJllllllllIes In tile 
1IIl1on. • 

Artlslk clftctor I'IIcIIKI UlhoIJ. 1 IIIlIYr 01 
Ollie wllo hIS cIIIImI wllh tile ~ BIllet 
and tile JDIt u.on CoIIIpuy. joined IIIr 
nllUDnl BIllet In I f71. He II cOlllldm:d III lie 
oar 01 tile IIOIt gIIeG ,.... cIIcnDgnpIIm 
I. tile cllllcr ..... todIJ. 1111 JtyIe Is 
aIeIIIIIIIJ .letk. tIIougIIlI ills 1 ItnIng 
adInIlllft 0I111Oda11 -.cr. IIlIwwks IK 
ybully bold. wdgIItt'CI ~ pIttaM of 
U- to IIgIIt. ...., and enlgmlltc pIKes. 
all oIw11kll III billuks to IIIr CGIIIpIIIJ'5 
apaUse; 

I'tenIIIm of IIIr truupe III ronner 
-.lias of tile ~ Yorli CIty BIllet. 
AmerIcM BIllet ~. 51ft frIIItlKo Ballet. 
Stullglrt. JoIfrry IIId IIIr 110,.. WInnipeg 
aHllpllltes. 

..... ,.s.a, 
0IdNiIni1 IK3D 5t. N. CiA. .7.50 
..... rIoor: UCSD .. M. CiA. ..". 

Vlaceat Prk:e In 
"Diversions and Dtllghts" 

.. DInI ....... .......... - Is a ~ 
IIIow raturIIIg two ~ men. OM 01 
IIIaII IIIIrItatn·s notafIoas wit. pIII"""I. 
poet. ..,_ IIId ... - Ole.- WIlde. 1IIe 
oilier Is oar 011. wortd·, IIICIII brIoYt'CI sUn 
01 .. ... JaftII •• c~ oil. ats. 
culsl. MIl IIIr IftIQIIft - tile oar IIId 011" 
.......... 

Don1 ..... tllil clllncr to .... In 
rmtllg will two IIIOIIt _II .. IIId 
JtI .... I .. grntlaMll. 

..., 14. ftwIMy 
0R:IIeItr:!1 5t. M.5O. CiA. M.OO 
..... ,...,. 5t. M.OO. CiA. "'" 

- sponsored by tile University t:vents Office 452·4090 

~1t1l1da~· . .lalill ar~ .l. I !'H I nlt'l.lIanilan 

The Weekly Calendar 
Services 
MONDAY 
10-11 :JOam-lnformai adviSing sessions WIth the 
coordinators for biological and health sCiences. For help in 
career planning. JOb hunting. and profesSIOnal school 
preparation see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No appointments 
are necessary. Please call to confirm. Opel . hours are being 
held. At Career Planning and Placement. 1058 Humanities 
Ubrary. 
2-4pm-lnformal Advising Sessions with the coordina tor 
tor Engineering and PhysICal SCiences career adVISing and 
placement. For help In career planning and Job hunting see 
MaXine 8ailey at the Career Center. 1058 Humanities 
Library. No appointments are necessary. however It IS 
advisable to arnve early. Please call to confirm open hours 
are being held. 

lUESDAY 
9:Jo-I1:JOam-lnformai advising sessions w ith the 
coordinator for Engineering and PhYSICal Sciences career 
advising and placement. For hefp in career planning andJob 
hunting see Maxine Bailey at the Career Center. 1058 
Humanities Library. No appointments are nece;sary. 
however it is a~isalJje to arrive early. Please call to confirm 
open hours are being held. 
2-J:SOpm-Career advising program/Humanities and 
Social Sciences. Open hours advising sessionS informaf with 
the coordinator for H&SS services. focusing particufarly on 
job search and graduate/prof. school issues. No 
appointment necessary. however. it is advisable to arrive 
early. Appointments made after the first a~ising session on 
referral baSis. in 1058 Humanities Library. 

WEDNESDAY 
10-11 :Joam-Informal advising sessions with the 
coordinator for Engineering and Physical Sciences career 
advising and placement For help in career planning and job 
hunting see Maxine Bailey at the Career Center. 1058 
Humanities Library. No appointments are necessary. 
however it IS advisable to arrive early. Please call to confirm 
open hours are being held: 
12 noon-Informal rap session about student 
efrllloyment : Third College students are invited to find out 
about job opportunities on-campus and in the SD 
community. Bring your lunch and join Phyllis Walker for an 
informative houri At the Center For the People. (:Third 
College Commonsl 
2·J:JOpm-Informal advising sessIons with the 
coordinators for bIOlogical and health sCiences. For help In 
career planning. JOb hunting. and profesSIOnal school 
preparation. see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex. No 
appointments are necessary. Please call to confirm open 
i'lJurs are being held at Career Planning and Placement. 
J058 HumanIties Library. 

THURSDAY 
10-11 :3Oam-Career AdVISing Program/HLImanlliP~ and 
SoCial SClpnces . Open hours adviSing sessions Inform,,' With 
tile coordinator for H&S SeNlces. fOCUSing particularly on 
Job search and graduate/prof. school ISSueS . No 
apPointment necessary. however It IS adVisable to arnve 
early. Appointments made after first adVISing session on 
referral basl~ . at Career Planning & Placement. 1058 
Humanities Library. 

2 -J:JOpm-Informai adVISing sessions With the 
coordinators for biological and health sciences For help In 
career planning. Job hunting. and profeSSional school 
preparation. see Ellen Moran or Beth Gex No 

.appolntments are necessary Please call to confirm open 
hours are being held at Career Planning & Placement. 1058 
Humanities Lrbrary 

FRIDAY 
10-11 :3Oam-Career AdviSing Program/Humanities and 
Social Sciences. Open hours adViSing sessions Informal With 
the coordinator for H&SS Services. fOCUSing particularly on 
JOb search and graduate/prof. school Issues. No 
appoIntment IS necessary. however It is adVisaOle to amve 
early. Appointments made after first adVising session on 
referral basis at Career Planning & Placement. 1058 
Humanities Lrbrary. 

Religion 
THURSDAY 
7:10pm-The film. "Martin Luther." Will Introduce a new 
Lutheran !nqUirers Seminar. led by Campus Pastor John 
Huber. Open to all who want to explore the Chrrstlan faith 
as a personal and ecumenical reality. In the lounge of 
Ul1Iverslty Lutheran Church. next to the UCSD campus. 
9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

SATURDAY 
5pm'-Catholic Mass. Unll!ersity Lutheran Church. across 
from Revelle College. 

SUNDAY I:JOItm-Catholic Mass. UniverSity Lutheran 
Church. 
loam-lutheran Worship seNlCe. fo llowed by 81ble Study 
and brunch. All welcome at UniverSity Lutheran Church. 
95 95 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
100JOam-CathollC Mass. UnNerslty Lutheran Church 
12 noon- Episcopal EuchariSt. Unll!erslty Lutheran 
Church. 
5pm-CathollC Mass. UniverSity Lutheran Church~ 

Meetings 
MONDAY 
7pm-H E.L.P a speCial meetIng sponsored by the Health 
Experrence learning Program at Unll!erSlty HoSPital. to 
prOVide Interested students With the opportunity 10 Sign up 
for volunteer work In a variety of medical speCIalty areas. For 
additional Information contact Beth Gex or Ellen Moran at 
the Career Planning OffICe. HL 1058. Meeting to be held at 
BSS 2100. 

THURSDAY 
7pm-Pre- Med. Pre-Dental Students II Important 
orr entation meeting for those students seeking a career In 
mediCine or dpnll~try. Information on the application 
process. establiShing a health sCiences profesSional school 
file and committee InteNlews There WIll be ~ral guest 
speakers Find out what the Health SCiences Advisory 
Program can do for you. In TLH 104. 

FRC::AY 
Z·J:SOpm-Peer AdvIsors Meeting for those upper 
diVision Health SCience students Interested In asSIStIng 
others In the area of profeSSIOnal school preparation and 
application processing. Meet In the Career Planntng & 
Placement Office In Hl 1058. 

lUESDAY 
noon-" ImpreSS ions/ExpressIOns : Bfack Amertcan 
GraphiCS." MandevllieArt Gallery. A survey of graphIC art by 
black artists from the 18th century to the present. An 
opening reception IS scheduled from 7-9 pm January 6 . 
Gallery tlOurs are noon to 5 pm Sunday through Friday and 
7-IOpm Wednesday. Exhibition open through January 28. 

THURSDAY 
noon-Cof1Cerr. Mandeville Center ReCital Hall Plano 
reCItal by J. MaCKay. Works by Schoenberg. Stravinsky and 
Ravel WIll be performed. 
8pm-Graduate ReCitafs. UCSD Theatre. Individual 
performances by students in the third year or tne master of 
fine arts program of the UC San Diego Department of 
Drama. Also scheduled at 8 pm January 9. 

SATURDAY 
&pm-LA 4. Mandeville Center AuditOrium. Members of 
tnlS Jazz quartet fuse IndN/duai styles...wlth a touch of Cltln 
Jazz to create In IncomparaOle sound General admiSSion. 
S5 50. students. UCSD filCUIly .llld staH' S4 50. UCSD 
~tudents : S3.50 



10 The Guardian 

Winter-
PaperDlaking 

THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA CRAFTS CENTER P ... r.-ald-.. Discover Ihe possib,l'lies of 
paper and how one can adapi 
ordinary kilchen equipmenl 10 
produce paper on a limited scale. 
Access 10 a paper sludio will aid 
lhose inlerested in building a press. 
vacuum table and val. Siudeniswill 
gain experience Ihrough individual 
projecls and will be exposed 10 Ihe 
work o( arlists working in Ihis 
ancienl media 01 paper. 9 weeks. 
No prerequisiles. 

U.C. San Diego • 8-023, La Jolla, CA 92093 Bring lhe 2000 year old recipe lor papermaking inlO your sludic or 
home . Feel Ihe excilemenl of 
producing paper Irom your very 
own mold and deckle 10 be used for 
leller wriling. calligraphy. prinling. 
",alerc%r sculpl ure . collage or for 
any olher personal use . 

General Info 
Crafta Center classes and 

worlwhopa are open to all UCSO 
lludenta. 1Iaff. faruhy. and all 
int.r •• ted members 01 the 
comrr&Inity. h iapouible to regiater 
by ". by cutting out the lorm 
beIwI. filing it out and mailing It 
with your clwck made payable 10 
the UC REGENTS for the 
ilPPropNlte amount (See lee 
IChecWe below). If you are a 
ItucIInI regjatering by ma~. you 
mull incklde your .tudent 1.0. 
IUI'Iber and '- valid identirlCa· 
tion ~ requnted. Or. \IOU may 
regilt. in penon at the Crafts 
Center \IIIich iI located beI_ 
aa..er Hill and the Student 
c..er on the ReueIe Campus. 
Student.. stall. facuhy. and al 

~ ~ the abow are rwquired 
to thaw uaIid identifICation at the 
lime of ...... ration. 

R •• I.lr.lio. Ho.r. : Mon 
day. January 5 /rom lOam 10 6pm 
Tuesday Friday. January 6-9. 

lOam 10 4 pm 
Fe_: All Classes . Ceramic 
studio membership. & Phologra· 
phy darkroom membership: 
UC students and spoust's ... . $28 
UC lacultyl slall and spouses .$40 
All o thers ................. . $55 

Work."o ••• cIiUdr ••• 
c ........... _t ....... f_ 
.r. Ii.t.d wit" co.r •• 
--n. ..... 

All fees are due and payable at 
registration. 

PLEASE NOTE: 
Due to limitations on studiO 
facitit ie& and equipment. some 01 
the classes and workshops will 
have limited enrollmen!. 
Registration will he on a lirsl come. 

Photography 
............ 

•• ' I.' I_ruction in lhe 
brrir: concept. · and akills uf 
phatographic tool .. nd techniqun. 
with ........... n~and 
npIoitng the~a .. a tool. The 
diM will be taken alep-by·step 
from camera operation. 10 
accurate film procelling. 10 
.fficient print ing lechniqu ... 
through final presentalion 
~. a.. include, use of 
cllrkroom facility. 9 _kl. No 
prerequiIitea. 

c.rtoaRej,w 
W.dnndao;a 7·9pm 
"--v 14 . March 11 

P ...... r ••• y D.rkr.o .. 
N_'.ut'i, 

Non·instruclional. unlim~ed use 
• ~ the Crafts CeIller darkroom. 

Black and while lacilily only. 9 
-,,1<&. PrereQuisile: Beginning 

photograp~. 

.... ,...... •• PIIo.O!Ir.~ 
This class is designed lor I hose 

sludenls ",ho have already 
comp/eled a beginning class. or 
who have had enough expenence 
in lhe lield ",ho leellhey would be 
beller off al Ihis level. The major 
learning experience in phologra· 
phy is in Ihe aClual shoaling, and 
Ihis is a working class where we 
bring our cameras loeachmeeling. 
The second major learn ing 
experience in pholography is 
begun in conlacl wilh olher 
sludenl s. and lhe sharing 01 ideas 
lhal resull . The emphasIs ",ill he on 
expanding Ihe abilily 10 see and 
produce more sophislicaled 
photographic images . The 
lechnical informal ion basic 10 
increasing and refining primary 
photographic skill will be 51 ressed. 
Individual allention will be 10 each 
stodenl. All work will be done in 
black and white. wilh emphasis on 
available ~ghl. The Cralls Cenler 
darkroom is available to all 
students in Ihis class. One field Irip 
iI pIa~ althe end oIlhe Quarter. 

PIe .. bring one proof sheel and 
lwo 8x 10 imagft 10 I"" first 
meeting along with your camera 
loaded "'ilh Tri·X 400 ASA f~m . 
Enrollment il limited 110 early 

re~ration iI adviaed. The use of 
lhe Cralls Center darkroom IS 
available 10 lhis class and all 
chermcals are provided. A supply 
hi will be given OUI al lhe 111'51 
-1n!J. A ...... ,... of 
....... "' ... c ...... for. 
...... La ...... 9 week 
Prerequislle: 8egmmng Phoeogra. 
phy or equlVaienl. 

Louise King 
Mondays 6:30-9:3Opm 
January 12 . March 9 

Cre ...... o.rI&_ TI!C: ...... 
.. -This class is lor lhe , todenl who 
has mastered the basic darkroom 
techniques. bul has had ~mited 
crealive experience in Ihe 
darkroom. 

Studenl5 win learn 10 make 
pictures "';thoul negatives. use 
control lechniques for dodging and 
burning in. make black and while 
prints from color negal ives and 
I ranspare ne ie5. vigllell i ng. 
distusion. dialorlion. soiarizalion. 
loning, and the lechniqut' of 
negative sandwiching. 

The dillerem processes will be 
divided during Ihe session inlo lab 
sections so lhal all ollhe sludenls 
c an gel Individual help. 

The darkroom al lhe Cralls 
Center WIll be available durn19 Ihe 
quarler 10 all siudenis In Ihis class. 
There will be a small exIra lee lor 
speCial ma lerials lhal will be 
needed. 

Please bnng I wo proof sheel s to 
the firsl session. The size 01 I h,s 
class is hmiled so early rI'glslrahon 
i advised. A •• lecl ~r_p of 
pict.,.. wiIIb. clio ... for . 
__ i. La Joll.. 9 weeks. 
Prerequlsile: Boiglnlllng Pholugra 
phy or equlvalenl . $ 10 malerials 
lee. 

LOUise King 
Thursdays 6:30 9:30pm 
January 15 . March 12 

Portr.it PhotO!lr .... y 
Porlrail. or people pholugrdphy 

is an inlimale business. There are 
people (or whom photograpllY IS an 
inl imale business. Ttwre "'" 
people who ;USI can'l gel close 
enough 10 gel a "close up." so IIwy 
buy long lenses and sh()OI pic I ures 
I hal look more ~ke Hmri Cartier 
Brisson. lhe masler ol lhe "decisive 
moment" bul not nalicnally kno .... n 
as a portrail pholugrap""r. F"w 
people know lhal An!il'1 Adams hal 
laken beaulilul porlraits. Rit:hard 
Avedon lakes' cold. laid lliirl'. bul 
slriking porlraits. SlieglllZ's imagt's 
of Georgia O'Keeffe shtlloWd lhe 
mosl sublle nwnc<!S olleellng . .Ind 
show a deeply Inlense rilialonship. 
The arl 01 pOrlrailure IS !WII· 
rowealing 51llee " lillie hll "f Ihe 
photoyr .. pher " I ways shows III Ihll 
1111a9". A p""1 urI! IS .. POrl,lIl hy liS 
intenl. nul hy lWrendtplly. 

TIll" ,kl~s WIll help 11ll' ,Iudelll 
who wdnlS 10 "'''rk prl~'" w)lldlly. 

I,rsl served basIS. In Ihl' case 01 a 
lilled class. your nan,., wul he kepi 
on a walling hSI and you will he 
nOllfied immedialely when an 
opemng occurs. Please enroll early. 

REFUNDS: 
Full refunds will he mad!' 10 
siudenis w,sh,ny 10 drop d class 
during Ihe firsl week 01 classes. 
January 12· 17. The lasl day lor 
relunds is Monday. January 19. NO 
EXCEPTIONS. 
REGISTRATION WEEK January 

5 · 9 
For addilional inlormalicn. call : 
THE CRAFTS CENTER 452·2021 

or jusl lake pictures 01 their friends 
and families. 10 do il beller and wi!h 
more confidence. All 01 lhe work 
will be done in black and while. 
using available lighl . 

PIe_ bring your cameras and 
T ri·X 400 ASA f~m 10 the firsl 
meeting. The use of the Crafts 
Center darkroom is available 10 
Ihis class. All chemicals are 

yrovided. A supply list wil be giwn 
al lhe firs! meeting. A Mlecte4 
.... of ,let.re. will .. 
c ...... for. __ .. La ..... 
9 weeks. Prerequisite: Beginning 

Photograp~ . 
LoLise King 
Tuesdays 6:30-9:JOpm 
January 13 . Marc h :0 

The earliesl paper was produced 
III Ihe Onenl as early as A.D. lOS. 
and the procedure used to obtain 
Ihis versalile media has changed 
very lillie. Using a mold (screen) 
and deckle (Ience) one will develop 
skill in couching paper. 

In recenl years arlists have 
rediscovered paper as an 
inexpensive. safe. ex pendinl . 
recyclicable. lighl ·weight rnalerial 
which responds nicely 10 
lexlurizing , color. molding. 
embossing and is surprisingly 
durable. 

Arl isls and sculplors have 
developed a device upon which 
painlings and sculplure can be 
crealed in and on wei pulp. This 
simple piece 01 equipmenl can be 
easily buill and is known as a 
vacuum lable. This lable allows 
arlisls 10 form large and/or Ihick 
pieces 01 paper lrom which Ihree· 
dimensional lorms ca n be 
conslrucled and lormed while lhe 
paper is damp. Objecis may be 
embedded in lhe pulp as well. 

St,.... lIIot .. r .... y 
This clllas will be geared 10 lhe 

intermediate to advanced 
photographer who wishes not only 
a guided tour 01 exciling San Diego 
bul a chance 10 capl~ and 
documenJ on film lhe people and 
their environment in Ihis Gily. 

All shooting will be done on 
Kodachronw 64ASA slide rim . A 
slide shOw with crit iquea wiD 
corlClude the workshop. 

The lirstmeeting will beginal the 
Crafts Center where lhere will be 
short orientation. We will lhen go 
10 Ihe Mialion Beach Boardwalk 
area where we will spend the .day 
shOaling Ihe people. shops. 
skalers. and Ih e general 
environmenl surrounding this 
unique area. We w~1 walk through 
"Old Mission Beach." lhesiteoflhe 
original Over I"" Line T oumamenl 
and possibly stop 011 10 refresh 
o urselves al Ihe lamou s 
Boiac hcomber Bar. 

The second Salurday. we will 
meel al thl' world famous Balboa 
Park and San Die!J.l Zoo. Bring 
Illoney 10 lake Ihe bus ride I hrough 
lhe Zoo park. and possibly ride Ihe 
Sky·lram. 

Th" Ihird Salurd3\l . we go 10 
T,/Uanu. Whue we Me Ihere WI! will 
edl lunch al a small bUI wonderful 
hlfle B.lsQue ('a(e in Ihe ck.wnlOWll 
.Ired juSI d(fOSS lrom Ihe Jai Ala i 
P"ldce. You must provide your 
own Iransporlatinn. so il you don't 

Tricia O ·Neil·Gili 
Salurdays 9- 11 :3Oam 
January ! 7 . March 14 

Auto 
A.to T •• e ... Won_op 

This workshop oilers an 
opporlunily 10 perform a basic 
eleclricallune·up on your own car. 
Learn the procedure lor replacing 
plugs. poinls. condenser. serViclllg 
air and gas (illers. and a c heck 01 
Ihe operationollhe fuel syslem. No 
prereQuisiles. Fee: $ 15. 
Jim McCoy 
Salurday 9am·2pm 
February 28 

own a car. Iry to enroll wilh 
someone who does. Remember. on 
lhe third Saturday. you can fell up 
wilh gas in Mexico. There will be a 
limled emalmenl so sign up early. 
Bring good walking shoes. a bag 
lurlCh ttw fU'lt day. and clothe. 
appropriate lor the weather. Make 
sure you have lhe righl ram, and lhe 
balleriea on your camera are fresh. 
A Mlecte4 P'O" 01 ~ 
will .... I.canller _ eIrew i. 
.......... 4 meetings. 

Louise King 
SaIUrdays 9am-4pm 
January 17. 24. February 7. 14 

r--------------------------------------~ I Clip and Mail 
REGISTRATION FORM 

Name __ ~_~~ _____________________________ A~ 

Address ___ --'_...:... __________ Cily _--' ________ Zip 

Phon.! 
__________________ ~ _____ &hooI 

o Mondays 
o Wedn.'sd,\yS 

Cl!ramics I - Jr. High 
Sr. High 

o TIuerllCiUYll Cllram":lI II • Jr . .. Sr. High 

M.ull .. 
U(SJ) (, .111- ("nll'r H (r.l:J 
I)''''''-'flll, v III C.,hl"rn~ I. S .• , J),, '!" 

I.., . ~,II.,. C,\ ":.~)Ij.i 
I' . I 

----------------------------------------

19HI 

arter 1981 
Fabric 
Fabric Applique Quiltma"ing 

An Illlrociul'tu)fl 10 d vl.Ir y 
cr~allV~ a nd use(ul IOflll 01 Ill· .... dl(, 
,u!. Learn In dl"Slgll .1 doth 

clppliqll~ for " vest. hlouSL'. l"fMI o r 
hllnn~r , Approprlll tl' !ntllll r k}I!>, 
Illachln~ or h,ll1d .lss'·l11h ly. 
designing. plus 11l.1l1y ~x,lIl1ples WIll 
he o/lered 111 " ddIlKHl 10 gel1l'rIlUS 

encnura!:J~nH'1l1 .l nd slhHed 
enlhusldSIll . SI ud"nlS WIll supply 
their own Illdlt!rldls III tht! second 

mee l in~ . Two meellnys . No 
prereqUlsllc·s . F~,' : $15. 

Till, CUllrht ' nlh'r ... Il1hl1llt"IIUIl III 
hoth If.ld,llon.11 ,kill, .1' "',·11 . 0-
short ~:tl i 14.'C hllltllll· ' III 
qUlhnMklll!j. E.Il'h studc'lll Will I", 
invnlvlc'd III I I Vtlr1('ly of lIlllhm.,kltl9 
1l" ' ''l1Iques Ih,'1 wdl proVIde \l11I"k 
resull ro r tht' ht'yilUll'r ,md " dd !lew 
dl1lH~nSKHlS lor Iht' t,: OlllllllllllY 
studen ts. 'J W(,t'ks. No Pl'l'Yl' 4U1S 
Itl'S. 

RU lh Broggs 
Mondays 6·9p111 
January ! 2 M,." l'h ~ 

CeraDlics 
Lana W,IS<lIl 
Tuesdays 6:30 11:3011" 
Ja nuary 20. J,1I1u.lrv 27 

Guitar 
B •• ic Guitar WIll hl! ylv~n pOIl1I~rs flS 10 how In 

Improve Ihelr pl<1YIIl!ll'apa b,litles. 
Chords II) h" 1<',1rI1<!d III Ih,s courSl' 
are: 
Major c ht)rds c'G.D.A.E.B.F-.F .6 
Oal . E flat. A fL.,I. D llal 
Minor c hords Cm. Gill. Dill . Am . 
Em. Bm. B flal Ill. D IIdl III 
Sevenlh chords C7. G 7. D7. A7. 
E7. 6 7 
Bar chords 
Wilh tht!se ,·hurds. 111<'rillly 
Ihou5ands I)f SOl'9S 1'<l1l l~ pluYl'd. 
9 weeks. No prerequlslles. 
Sufioal 
Howard Anshell 
Mondays 5·6ptn 
January 12 March ~ 

Seetio.1I 

The Ceramic. Program 
Tlw Cr" fb C"nl,' r IIlIers ,I 

nHllpnJllI!JlSllJl ' c.."l'f. lmu.:'" I')f ,~r.\m 
Whl..-ll iI.ls .I/llx-"I 1m .111 1"'rso>l1, 
IIlIcrcsll'd III rhl! l ·r.llr Irom 
h1'9,nllll1g sludt!1l1 10 rlw flr,K'H o lI~ 
cef _Ulll4,: ,'rtISI. Th .. , ll't's IOf lld~M'~ 
.u1d Slll1() I1ll' lllh~rshl)l9C1 rU\\'. l1n~ 
COVt:.'fIll9 the n)st:; 01 II ls t1'lltO 'Or!\o 
purl'i'<lslllg y1"Zl' n~II,'n"I:, . kiln 
hnllY. ,Ind "usl<idl~1 ,ISS",I.II"" ·. All 
siudeill sh.1r~ Ihe opllo" Ilf USII'y.1I1 
t\sslyned ICM:kt'f hut prt)vld~· Ihl:'lf 
o wn Illl: ks . In ,lddIlIO" Sllldl'IlI S 
must pfovide their own d"y dllCi 
't)()ls whlrh ,-In.' nn Si\~ .11 thl' Crtklt s 
Cl' ntl'r lIS ~II ,\S othl'r ('(.-rlllllll· 
sup ply Slorl's. All slud,,"IS "molle'd 
IIllI f..' er,IIllU,:S .. 'uurse h llVt,) lInlllllifl'd 
.llTl"'SS to Ihl' l't!r.lInICS s tudiO 
oUlsid .. Ilf d,ls ""'~ . M,II"rklls F,"'S : 
A $!O fl!l' C,:UV(.'flll9 ,hl' 1I11·rl'.\Sl.' III 
kiln COSIS IS 11I.1Y,Ihl(.· tIl tlU' IIl1ll' of 
rl'9,lstr lltlllll for .,lI lnll'fllu'CiI,\h· ,mci 
.\CivuTlcl'd s tudl' llls .mei studlu 

l11~mhers . 

ng Adults 

This l'our:;e IS desiyned 10 
provede I he SWdl'nl Wli h " baSIC 
chord vocabulary. so Ihal a large 
amounl 01 malerial of any slyle may 
be played. It begins wilh Ihe moSI 
commonl:; used chords in "ope,," 
posilion. and progresses through 
10 "bar" c hords. whic h l'all be 
played in any key. The course 
malerials range from old favorill's 
and slandards 10 popular maleria!. 
and al Ihe end of the course Ihe 
sludenl will be ready 10 approach a 
large range 01 mall'rial in whalever 
slyle 01 mll"ic Ihey pr!!fer. In each 
hour l"'ssion Ihl! sludenls will be 
given t,,:> or more new chords 01 
progressing difficully. and several 
songs 10 lake horne and praclice 
using the new chords. The malerial 
from Ihe previous week will be 
reviewed in class. and each sludenl 

Howard Anshell 
Wednesdays S·6pl11 
Jdnuary 13 Mdrch ! I 

Cer.mic Studio fIt ... ber .. ip 
No" IIlSI nil.' I K"",I 'IS<' 01 111<' 

cerc.lmlc,' siudio .uld l'qUII"ll4!1l1. 
Indudes yL.lzes. Ilrlng ,md SI udiu 
"n'ess ,11 leust 70 hours per w." .. k 
fnr Il "~ wt.'t.'ks . $!U IIkltt'rklls {ct'. 
Prer"qulSile: BcYll1nlng C<,m",e.·s. 
January 5 Marl'h I:!. 

~es in . .. elaliol:ift 
proporl ion. 
Applicalion ol 
dra .... ing and "",inlil.' ma'l"rials 
provided. Ages 6-
$25. 

fllr JUII .... H"lh 
lUESI ,f\ YS I • 
WEI>NI.SI)i\ .,. ~ 
ic. I I ttl .." '111'" I 
rr fUIN ),' y., t 

.,"d 

Stained Glass 

Yoga 
SO!II' exploralioll Ihrough Ih .. 

pructlCl! of Hdlhd YV9<1 pos;ures. 
breathlll9 dnd l'OIll"~n lr dllon . 
Alle nll(lll WIll he s,wn 10 Ihe 
t)(lsslhihl"', 01 lelllll!lg" '''-l'hwmc 
Il!nSlons ~l1ld dls\.'uvl' rmg nt'W 
el1l!rgy SOurl'es. 9 weeks. No 
pr .. r"ljUISlles. Fee: $25. 
S"raw Dunrl<!11y 
T u"sdays 5·6:30p", 
J,lOUclry 13 M,lr,' h 10 

Iksia.i .. St. ..... 61_ 
Thi' successful complelion of a 

sludenl designed slain glass 
window approximalely aile SQuare 
1001 in size IS Ihe minimum 
objeclive of Ihis class.·Through Ihis 
experience Ihe sh.odenl will gain an 
apprecialion of dillerenl design 
Ihemes. conslruclion lechniques. 
Iypes 01 glass. and Ihe patience 
required 10 eKecul!! a "'Of'1 hwhile 
window. Siudenis will work allileir 
own speed <l11d Me cnc()urayed 10 
work oUlside o( d,ISS on lheir 
proj!!l'I . M,lIlY sludenls will Ill! dl~e 
In complvtl:' mort:' than ntH! 

window . each 01 increasing 
diflicully from lhe lirst. Besod.-s 
window assemhly. O!tl'hll'9 ()ngk~ss 
via 5a11dbklsling will he laughl as ,I 
QUick ,1Ild e<lsy way 01 pulllll!l 
permanenl designs on glass ol.;el'lS 
such as glasses . hollies (lnd 
mirrors. Individudl inslrucliol1 and 
,llmosl all I(x.ls rllquirl!d arll 
provided 1I,,'klss hut glass musl he 
purc hased by Ihe slud.",t. 9 weeks. 
Nil pr!!requisll"s. 

Rdlldy Galij.m 
T UIIS<iayS 6·9pm 
J,II1U,lrY 13 M,\rl' ''!O 

• 

a.".iit§ Cer.mic. 
This surwy ,·ourS\.' will.,tfc'1' lhe 

person wilh"," I!Kperielll'e or 
hc.lCk9ruund In Cl'rdlllK.'S ur .1ft Ii., 
npP()fluuily In g.,in .\ hLlSi~: 
found,\lK)1I III lonn. IUII,:lion. <\lxi 
,It'SII1l'lil's throuyh whil'h sludllnls 
WIll dWt'lu" I ht'lr uwn n.,dl ivily 
Ihmuyil II", expk",,!; .. n of dilY. 
Thl.' prll1Mry' .hje,·t lve of Ihe ",>urS<! 
IS tn 1<.',Il·" 111<' 1 ... ·gill11i119 Sltid",,1 11> 
sU''l'esslully "",k" C'ups ,1I1d 01 her 
l'ylindnctll lnrms . Illd tOdl'Vl' ''ti1 .U1 
lIncit!rsldlxilllY o. tht! l'ulllpl~I(' 
C(!rdllll,' Prlll·l·SS. E..'l·h SllKi..'111 will 
I", tr,lII1\'d "' tl", p"~ll'r us<' III tl1l' 
pOIl,·r'S wi",,' 1 ,\lid III 1111' \Vllrkll1!1 
PI'OPl'flW:' 0 1 c l. ,y. hol11 01 Whldl 
. ,n' h,ISIC 10 Illl' p011l ' r ' ~ .'1'1 

EI"nwl1t . lr~! h '( O hnKllk'~ 01 !\I,v( ' 
,1pphCI1I1t11l ,mel II~ lIlIllI.lYl.m 

. IWKIiOIl ,,,II I,,· " \l'lll""rI N" 
pll·n·quIMh '!!o . 'f l""l'k~ 

Section I 
M, .. h.h'1 Mil h .... I", ·" 
Mllnd" y, h ~ :.l(lpl11 
.1"l1l1,II'",:l M,1n h \J 

Section II 
Hell l C . III :"cll ' 

Wl"Cinl" .~d.IV'" ' I ~ ! .. m .\In 
. J. H1lldl\.' ~, I M , lIl It 11 

Section III 
K .• llw (jllll.d." 
W. 'th ... ",I.I\" ,,~ ,,«lpll1 
Jtlllu.,rv: ·1 M.nd\ :: 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA CRAFTS CENTER 
Nulll<! ____________________ . _ ___ .. ____ ... _._ .• .. _ . _. ___ __ . • __ _______ . __ .. ______ 0 ,11" 

k,sr I" .. , 

Addrns ._ .. C,,~ .... _____________ Z,p .----_. ___ . ------

HUll'" Ph,ft"· ._ •. ____ ."_,._ , .,_,, ____ _ 

U( Slud,'1I1 II) • .. .io. 0 t.· .. I1,··~ . 

So • .,1 s.., III"~ • N,," lJl ' 

LLflSS 1),\ \ IIMI-' 

I , \ II !I'" 

lH~in.iit§ II 
An ,'!\ll'IlSIUI\ 01 C,'r,muc"s I. 
1)" "~I ... d lor tlw s lud"1I1 willll"l!ls 
t C Hllh)r!"hl,' \.Vllh ,· ,.' ml'rll~ ,mn ,.' ,\11 
I hrow .1 "1111'''' "ylllldl'r Fur"wr 
(ll 'Vl,lt lPl\1l'lll t 11 ~klll (Jllll11' lX,1 Il" " 
\\'1l,·, '1 .11 1Ill' IIlln.nurtnry ~v"' _ 
Fun n .ll1d hU,,' IIOIl WlII Iw nUWl' 
Iullv '·X I~,,,,·d. O",d,". S: 'I' ,,,xi 
<11yol",,, WIll I,,· ""'odu,' ,-<I .,. 
~ lIrt,In.' nl'l'or"IIUn h·,ll1l1q\k.' !) . 
Slurll'l1b Will 9-1111 pr.II 111'.11 kiln 
Ia.,dlng ,nlei hrll~ ('slll' ru.'I"' " o 'I 
w{· l· k~ o Pfl' fl' (llIl~lh' : fit'~11I11l1l1~ 
(,'r,IIl1Il's I. 

Section I 
L,Ill,IW,I",,,, 
TU"srI"ys 'I 1 !::J(~1Il' 
J ,lIllIMY 13 M.IH·h 10 

s.clio.1I 
Mld)'",1 M,d",,'IS<.'Il 
S,U urd,tys ~ : ! :30..1111 
,1.'l1lklry !7 M.""h 14 

I.Ce.--tliate Ceramic. 
Th,. l'llllfS<.' Will '·l11ph.I~II.' · 
~' xll'ndlllY tilt' liSt' «>I.tlKI l111pnlVllln 

l)rohck'lll~Y 011 Ihl' POltl'I"S luh, ... ·1 
M"rl' .idv,IIIl·,'d IlInns Will I,,· 
Ill1rociul'l·ci. Inl'iudlll!l 111<' 1'·,ltkll . 
g"hle-I. ,1I1d pl. llc'. Us.' 01 till' spr"y 
9U1l .nui ol lwr Inor(' supfUSlk.,,('d 
!.il,'-!.l' .I un surf" ,' l' cfl,, 'nr,lIiol\ 
h!,Ohm(llI('s Will 1\(1 Itllrndll,·l·d . II 
wf..' l"ks . Pn'n'quISII(' : Ht'~1I11l 1llY 
Cl·r.UllICSo S!U In.lh·flo1ls Il'l'o 

L.II'" Wilson 
lln"sd.lY' h 1I::lOlw" 
J.II1l~lry 1!i M.m·h 12 

Ach-.ncecl C.r.mic. 
ThiS cOllrs..' IS dl'S~ll H'd Inr II", 
~Iudl'nl dt '~lnn!IIO dl'Vl'lop 111:-' IM'I 
,)t-, "'«1I"k.l1 Cl'r.1I11Il" ~h;I.· .11 lilt' 
"d\'. IIl4."c"O 1,'Vt ·1. ProdudkJll pul " 'fV 
h 't ' hnlqul '::'o ~ ' L1V i·l'nnHml~ O, . I,'r~lt' 
'hi own 10; 111:-1 , .ulCl :io\· t~ 11f,' 3IuHpl,' 
"t wh.lt Willi,,· Il,,·lurl,·d. bl1l~"'S" 
Will l't, on mdlv,<I" .11 . t1h." HUIIl 

1~'I\\,'l ' l'll ... l lKIt ·UI ~lI\cllI1~I "k lut. 9 
\\·"l·h.... Pt t'I\'qlll~ll': hUc·nl\t.·Ot,\I\ ' 
t. ·1 · 1.tlll lC~_ $~f1 u\.o.\lt .. r",l!'> h't '. 

h It Chll~ I I.1II 
I ",·.,.I. 'C·' h M .101'111 
1.,1111. 11 C !.1 M.or .. h!1I 

H.ndhuilding 
II.UlClbtllldlll,t I" PU''''l'lIll'd . ,~ .1Il 

I \ \ 1111", , ,11\ '1 llo II 1\.'( ' tn lompll'Il1t'tll 
III ld"'1" Il\lu\\'" tt'lo1m"'... rhl ... 
P lltt" ll tl l h ' llh 'd ll. I"' ~ willi ... · 1/..,11lt\ 
lilt ' ... , III oIl1cl h. lld '-tl.,b nWlhud~ HI 
\ 1111 .... 11 11\ IIUII Studl,lIt .... \l'11I wtl.k 
I, ll 1111.,. '1 1 ... t llllllllt ll. I~~ lUll" . U1d 
II ·,, ' IU' Il1lh\ltllld J 1 ... lp IIlnn 111\ ' 
' Ihlllll 1111 h l, l(khllflll."' lucfl·III~\VlII 
1' '' lIlt Ittl\\' II I II" I lfpUI.I" · wlwd 
IIIIO\\,11 It·, hIlH l lh ' ~ Willi ... I"h 
lt llb lill t h ·d \\\ 1l~ ' I, w l, , · k.., o 
1'1l'I t 'qW' lh' o ISt 'qIlHlllltJ Cl' r."llI(·~ . 
'5 :U l1l.lh 'ti. 11 ... 1,'\ ' 

H .. IIl'.III.,.II , 
nUll ",-I"\,, " !! :iU .. tlll 
J.1I111. U\.o !:l M.1Id,!2 

61.z. "" .. Iie· ... io. 
{ j.ull oIl1,..,h 1" ' I"'I~'\ 11\,' min I Ill' 

\,,, ... , I't",hlllt"' ... ,tt Ih., 1\'rdIUI, ' 
... lul,h t ' U"II I< I ... Iudlll ,tLt/, ':-' .IIKI 
1I'llk ...... I I.uhI M .I",ll1wthtlld~ .l~ Wl,n 
..... "'pl.'\"U~l .• Ut h. ",h. 'hllk ' ll~ _"lei 
". lIlIll"', WIll f111'\Kk'.llIluhIlIKk· u l 
,tI.v,· h " hl1ll tlU · ... . ",,1 " I" ' W 
tlIU h o''''I.IIUilllll "I Ilu ' h.,I.II" (' 

' ~ ' I\\"'I " ' 1I 1"1111 . Itt,1 'W I.K·" . t>t" , 
II ~ " lilt' . Nil PI"" "' I UI~lh" F,-,· 
,! l 

1, .. 111' (.111.·.1. ' .... 
..., I:IIII :. ~. 1 I" liB ., '111 
I • "1 I. " l 



12 The GUlIrdinn 

Best disc artists of 1980 
g~t year-end critical look 

Gabriel, Costello and Heads merit top honors 

I. Pet. Glllw;el . Peter 
Gabriel: 

BY TED BURKE 
Art .. Edkcll' 

Best records of 1980 

This was the mos t 
pleasant surprise of the year. 
After the release of his first 
superb solo record the former 
Genesis lead singer hooked 
up with erstwhile rock avant" 
gardist Robert Fripp for a 
follow-up that seemed almost 
I parody of art-rock's most 
c!oYing tendencies: Gabri· 
e1s usually sharp melodic 
sense had Kiven way for 
atmospherics and pointless 
minimalism, and his lyrics 
became unfocused and long 
winded, suggestinll Spring-
steen's logorrhea wedded 
with J on A nd erson's 
vlI\leness. The third record 
N.,. GIIlwiel though, has 
him returning to full power. 
The songs have splendidly 
layered textural9uality and a 
restrained melodiC ingenuity; 
the lyrics, various character 
sketches of sociopathic types, 
form in to a compelli ng 
portrait of a society thal's 
become technologized too fast 
for the good of its citizens. A 
thoroughly arresting record. 

"Party Girl" ). I thought the 
material on the new one 
might be largely a collection 
of half-baked and unfinished 
notions that wou ld indicate 
that Costello, the Dylan of 
the new wave. had burned 
out his talent. Well . surprise. 
Although many of the songs 
are too short for mr tas te 
("Man Called Uncle' could 
have used another chorus), 
the majority of these new 
songs rank wit h the best t hat 
Elvis has done to date. The 
songwriti ng is infectious 
wit h t races of reggae, vintage 
Motown, ska and hard rock, 
the Attractions perform with 
a vervp. that rivals the best of 
the Who, and Costello 
himself is masterful. As a 
lyricist he's shown himself to 
be the subtlest and mostly pa-
radoxical of the new wave, 
and on here he shows himself 
to be veering away from t~e 
mysoginist / angry·young-
man stance by a llowing 
himself some sympathy and 
even tenderness toward 
characters. ' 

mode. and their abi lity to 
subvert the banality of pop 
music by giving it a delicate 
and unnervingly calm air. On 
R~main ' n L ight. they've 
added a new rhythm section 
to give - t heir brand of 
alienation a trans·continen· 
tal feel with the infus ion of 
rh y thm and blues and 
African rhythms, and their 
songs have become a tad bit 
more sophisticated , a mite 
less grating on the ear, not 
pre-s upposed to calculated 
cacaphony . David Byr ne 
conti n ues t o q u iet l y 
ruminate, expressing a kind 
of paranoia many of us feel 
when we've had too much 
coffee. r find R~main ' n 
Light to be ultimately off-
putt ing, but Talking Heads 
are t he best at what they're 
doing. This record com-
mands respect. 

Captain Beefheart 

2. G.t HII,,, - Elvis 
Costello and the Attractions: 

When I'd heard that 
Costello's next album, Gfil N"""" would be a collect ion 
of 20 songs on a single disc 
(ten to a side), I though that 
this guy mi~ht be pushing it a 
little. Worried by some of the 
sub-standard material from 
the previous A ,.".ed Forca 
("Chemist ry Class" and 

3. R~ma;n 'n Light -
Talking Heads: 

Talking Heads have been a 
hard pill for me to swallow 
thus far, but I've been forced 
to recognize t heir good 
grace s : David Byr n e ' s 
dista nced. ambiva le n t 
ruminations on modern life 
in the big cities, the band 's 
abi lity to forge the inherant 
simplicity of new wave into 
an intriguingly minimalist 

4. Sp~cial Edition - Jack 
DeJohnette's Special Edition : 

De Johnette has proven 
himself to be t he consumate 
modern jazz drummer, ' a 
technician who can play in 
fusion , mainstream and free 
jazz styles with a command 
and sympat hy that 's rare in a 
time when percussionists 
tend to become rigidly 
sty lized. Here with Arthur 
Blyt he on alto sax (a San 
Diegan who's possibly the 
most innovative reedma n in 
years), David Murray on 
tenor sax, and Peter Warren 
on bass and cello, DeJohnette 
and troupe heartily swing, 

rock and over burn through 
the tracks , merging their 
improvisational ideas with a 
rhythmic push that is just 
pure tonal joy. For my money , 
Sp~cial EditiON is easily the 
most consistently exciting 
jazz release of 1980. 
5. ZenyaUa MONda/la -
The Police: 

Yes. yes , one may gripe 
that t he Police's lyrics tread 
the cliche and that whatever 
there is of their global view 
smacks of naive ethnocen· 
trism, but these complaints, 
valid as they are, haven't 
stopped t he band from 
becoming o n e of my 
favorites of 1980. Much of it 
has to do with the lead vocals 
of bassist Sting, whose high-

Winter Ree Ilasses , . 
I • ...-..... = •• " ..... " ....... W\ ~ ... " * ~ ADUJ.. T CLASSES INSTRUCTOR DAV TIME PlACE DATES 'fEE ~ * ~ Aulomobtie Repoir. Bog. TBA 5,,, ~am 4ron TBA 124 57.50 * I 
* 

&lirl Fo/klonco TBA Thur S6:JOpm R..,· COnl Room I 1S-3 S Sl2 I 
* 

~ BoIIroom Danc • • Beg. u_IIGu_r Thor 6.307 :~ .• !WeCO~ Room 11S-3 S S12 * 
~ lloIroom Danee, Inl. - Lc .... 11 Ce,,",,,r Thur 7,3O ~ :~ !We Co nI Room I 15·35 $12 

I * ~ 
IIrI\donclflg. & 9. M. ·h.IIto Krlk'k T\Io' S6pm R"" Coni Room : 2().3 :0 SI2 *. & lIyd.nClf'9. Inl . M.-I,.IIto Krlk'k Too> 56:JOpm , .& !We Coni Room 120-3 10 Sl2 I 

* 
~ llicvclo Ma""enanc. TBA 5." 9· !2I'wMIf'I ~ R~' Con' Ruum 2 28 S03 

* 
COndiliontng CIa_. , ~ 

* 
~ 

* ~ 
1. Elll'rCIH l u M~k' K,,,hy FOIl. Mon8cWod ~5: 451Jft1 W,,,,,,hng Room I 12·3 !8 115 ~ 

I * 
2. Ext'rcM 10 Mustc Cdml K~rnl'hc.", T",,&Thur 5·5:451"" M ,pliw Rnom ! !3·3 !9 S15 ~ 

* 
~ 3. El(erd-. '0 Music , Ctunl Kl'fllo.tNm Tu.&Thur 6 71"" N""h 8ak"~1\1 I 13·319 S15 

* 
~ 4. "Early Bird" E.erc .... TBA T",,8cThur 7 7:450., Wft'stting Ruom : %3 31 9 SI5 ~ 

* 
* 

~ 5. Weigh, Room Orierllahon & Trlilniny J"/),, Cole. TImr 3 41"" , 11.1.1\111 Ruum 1 15 Frft ~ )} Workshop (Fu nda me ntals uf Wl'l!:Ihl Tri1'II\I'Ig' ~ . I I 
* 

~ Country Western Conlemporary Dalll'f Srunm Cc)f~lai Mon 56pl11 R 4!t' Cunl Room : :9,316 112 
* ~ 

Cooking Workshop: Des ... " s TBA Fri 4 11)"' • Rt~· ConI RIM"" 123 IO! ~ 

* 
-Midn91' Munchies· ~ 

* 
~ Cooking Workshop: Her. d'oeurws • TBA Fn 4 7pm fI<ot. ConI Ruom 130 10: 

* 
~ CPR "Rae. lor Lifo" TBA T"" 7lOpm " TBA 1 27 F_ ~ 

* 
* 

~ Foll<done,fl9, Inlor"",.",.1 V. 'kl M"ht.-u MUll 6·8"", RtI'\' Coni R~",.n ! :9,3 16 115 ~ 
* 

I Folkdonc'ng. Inlro 10 US & Br."" Isitos Jow,*, T~'lIL"w W,od 5:307:~ R.t,' Cit"' RUII"' : 2! 3 1! S!!I' 
* 

~ Hursebackrtdll1g. B.9, , ~ 

* I Hur",backridm!l. Inl. 
ClaiMS Mit oUltrltd dunl19 WIIl I~r Quarlltf dl La Ju" Fdt'IllS (453 !m), TirN! .md days l ' ''' I~ dfrltllgl!d ~ 

* 
Horsebackrtdll1g. Ado. ","c",d.og 10 Y'our ..,h.duw. REG ISTRATION AT U\ JOLLA FARMS. SIOO 10,'",-' I """" ..... ·h. ~ 

* I 
* 

ke"""',ng. & g. k:\' Cd~cks Inblnll'ltH' Wcd 7:15 '1"", k. Copad.. Ch.oWl 1 21 ·225 S25 

* 
knk~lIrg. In. truclor (frH akAU! 10 UIJrn) let! Cl'lliutes Insl Woo 7. !51111111 k. C,opad.s ChaWl I 212 25 S25 ~ 

* 
Jazz Danee. Beg. Kt1l lltt lh Gf,,~n Mon 6- 7:3Op", ,\ Nnrlh 8d":ony I !23 9 $12 ~ 

* 
Jazz Dane •. Beg. K""lwlh Gr ... n WI.'d f>.7 :3Opto1 Nnrlh B..1n"lY I 14 3 4 112 I I 

* 
Jazz Dane., Inl , Kt'tl1Wlh Gr~n W. d 7:JO.'Ipt! , Nnrlh 8dk:OIlY 1 !4 3 4 112 

* 
* 

Ja .. 0.."". P. rlo"",,,)C Konn.,h Gr .... n Me'll 7,3C).9pm Nurlh 8.tk" "'11 ~ !23 ' 1:2 
* 

KAral • . Inl Adv St .... ut~ MOI\Fri 51>"," , """ Ih BaIr."'II I S3 20 S40 

I * 
Moo .. ,. s.,r d Cuurwr Mon 1>30 111"" Wr ... 11ong Ru"", I !:lJ 9 1!2 

* I R.cq ... cbal. & g. M,lfty 8rt.'llfwr W,od 7 tSt)m Sm ft"flIu V,A" !2122!t' S!S 
* 

~ Sq""", o.nc'ng " .. ",ph T,,,'",,. W,od 7:JtJ iii"" R,,,' Con' Jet""., ! 2! 3: ! lIS ~ 
* 

* 
~ T ....... Strol< •• Rovww Ado &g TBA 5..1 q !~lIn , MlJlfChi , t3 I 17 ~ 7 S20 ~ 

* 
T_ . Strokft App So,a,"lIY (lnl Advl TBA 5." :0 !:~'m MlMr CI». : 3 ! :137 S20 

* 
Yogo Arlum G~.twl. M.,,, .ft 71'''11 M.,MM,' Ruutu ! :Z :i "I lIS ~ 

* ~ 
* 

CHILDREN'S CLASSES INSTRUCTOR DAY TIME PLACE DATES FEE *. 
I * 

BoIIot. 8qinntr1l TBA ~'I II :2 Nlll th 8.*1""" : :iJ; Sl2 
* 

GymnashCf. & ginnong S,mdr,,' Su... s.." :n! :.11" South B. ... ·u.~, ! !i j ; . 12 I 
* 

GI", .... ,I<., Inl IVtoI 5,,,,d.,, s.w s..1 I! l:tnuj", South B.1k.'IMlV ! 17 J i S12 
* 

* 
Hunobackriding Cid ""OJ MV ufftff'vd dl h,~ t ... ut'lS. ""l"tnl4.'Ch..IIt.' .md ~ • • u. ' .. -d It-whi .11 L-, Jul., F.u-m». Tnn,"" .met d.ty» ".111 

* 
I,.. ,"'. lgOO ,1(,'urd lt1g I" \lOur ... ·hodulo·. REGISTRA TI()I'j AT LA JOLLA FARMS. S 100 hll' Ill, ~ .. "" 

* 
lc.tNClng k 't! C~I'I",d.."ti h\!ll W,od .~ S .~>i'" k,' C\" ),~"$ <.:h._* '1 ! 2% 225 5:l~ 

* 
* 

Kar.,. TBA 5..1 IO!!,In1 Nnrl h o.,kl",\' : !i :1 ; Sl2 

* 
Racquotboll. Be.,,,,,. M .. lfl y Brt!'lltwr ~" 'f :u.\tI, H.mel\.111 CUUfl~ ! !i J i Sll 

* 
Roc:quott>.l . Adv.""od 8egtnnll'9 Mo."I.., Brl'I""Jr 5." :U ::.1111 H.tndl".U CUlM' % :; :J i 112 

* 
Soccer MtWIY 8rl·ntWf 5.,1 :: :2 .. 1,",,, H"wk ~.:kl : !; J ; Sl2 t1 I * Sw'"""'"llIAgft 1 !. I UCSO WSI l"slnk. fOrs s." Mt'rn"~ lK:SO p..~ ! !; J ; S!~ * TfN1If. In'~mwdoal. T,td V.ml\,9U' h, St,1 :! ~21"'"". M Uff CHUrlS 1 .i : !i' J ; $1" ~ TumItI.og for T, •• 5.1I1dr. Su... 5." ~ !(\\O\ Soull,8..Jkum. ! :i' J ; SI2 ~ .. HQ ......... 'RI.I= •• J .... ~ •• II= •• II~ ~ . 

--

... .. 

pit c hed, s light ly frayed 
interpretation of the 
Jamai c an -reggae s ingi ng 
sty le sounds as natural and 
exciting as, say, Frankie 
Miller's all igence to Otis 
Redding. Mus ically , the 
Police produce a complus live· 
Iy rhthmic but utterly imple 
sound that is spare yet full. 
borrowed but di s tinct , 
simmering and intriguing in 
its execution despite its lack 
of complexity. While I hope 
they develop more brains in 
the lyric department, any 
band t hat can write such 
instant hook ·classics like 
"Roxanne" or " Don 't Stand 
So Close To You" will always 
find a place on my turntable. 
Rock and roll can't be all 

1) len~e t u r n III l >il j(t' 1:4 

[ Ighteenth Year 
Guadalajara Program 

Univ. of San Diego 
July t - August 5 

1981 

' 1I1 h .I~ I, fI'dlh'd II •• " "" In; "Ipdn l ~ """ttlk!ql" 
.II .ttl ""1'1 .. Bl-u.nurJI ,.. l.m41Il .. 1 tdlk,Mlun 
I "qh"ttl ~ .. "'<tt'ftd I.oMHlIt.' (II· \r1 IJh1.M,",· 

' u'~ "lI't ' '''''lin "ot .. lu lucU ,· .. "hc.tl WC\ 
t .. ,"I'\ "" . .. ' .. I .... Nd" ' .. I .. ". l .. " 1 ..... 1· 

. ,tIt, .... , ... ........... ,. u;u~". ' " .. .. '" 
lo ... ' " ... h ... ,. ............ h . ... ,,., h H 

II"''''·U,. .... ,.,· .... 'h ""n" " .... \I"'dm. M<I.~," 
,1It11 n., ..... tI · Sl"\ " ,, " f'h' \ IIMt Ik, ... t .. " nh 

"4J."'m,,,,1 ,.Itd 11 11141 ,.11 ,'" 1I4Ift' ~~IU 'It 'l 
.nllnlh. 

"'lor..-, ,ntI..-r (0.1...-, u .... 
..... .,..... "" ... , .... !>D. lA ql 1'0. 

·1.D.'5 
5 minutes IS all It takes to 
make your drlver's license 

quality photo LD card 
Also available. lamll'latlons, 
pnntlng, passPQlt ptlotO\ 
blJslness cards. smgHl:l 

te l egr tlrn~, pres~ lIlle; 
ot)o tograp!ler f)d~ :' l'~ , 
<'''lo loyee I D • _II .l ~. d'l J 

l,JrntrkHItJ' l~ 

Allthony. 
Photo I.D.'. 

4711 Cl8lrcmont 
Mae IMI. 
m-1116. 

OIMle Shoppng lercel lJO!;t/llrs -
1 ml~ ~st of 1·805 

Monday, January 5. 19HI 

1980's best discs 
get critical look 
Parker and Wonder doing well 
l'Ullt inlll'c\ frll m ')II~l ' ,:! 
serious , can it ? 

6. The Up Escalator 
Graham Parker : 

Some have found The Up 
Escalator over-produ ced 
w hen they compare it against 
hi s earlier discs, like Heal 
Treat ment or Howlin ' 
Witrd. and s till others have 
found the ongwr iting below 
par. Personally, I'd always 
found Parker to be somewhat 
anonymous as a performer in 
the studio, and I find the 
s lightly licker handling of 
both SqueezitrK Oul Sparks 
and Escalator has given him 
a fo cu sed id e ntit y, a 
perso nali ty that co mes 
across and make me believe 
his lyrical bitterness. Most of 
the songs, as well , are too m y 
ear s a s r oc k i n g a nd 
pulveri zing as the be t of 
Parker's past work. And the 
Rumour, as far as I'm 
concerned , has never played 
better, performing with an 
energy that get s you hook, 
line and s inker. 
7. HoUer Than J uly -
Stevie Wonder: 

Stevie Wonder has so 
expanded the perimeters of 
black popular mu s ic, 
transcendi ng its limitations 
and making it a thing of 
univer s al beauty . If 
Wonder's preachiness seems 
mawkish a nd awkwardly 
u topian, his music- no mere 

a malgam of s tyles or s trained 
eclecticism but rather a high 
synthesis of soul, blue , rock, 
reggae and jazz that defi es 
catagori zation - s peaks 
from a source of profound 
sincerity. If the mus ic is this 
great. the sentiment behind it 
cannot be fake. 

8. DOll', Ask - Sonny 
Roll ins: 

Roll ins. a jazz saxist a 
errat ic as he is in 'piring, 
here ett les into an easy 
mainst ream groove and pl ays 
w ith humor a nd g r ace, 
unfettered by trend '. With 
him i g uit ar ist La rr y 
Coryell , who provides some 
of the most fluid and un · 
gi mmicky electric guit ar 
work he's managed in years. 
9. Gaucho - S teely Dan: 

Dona ld Fagin 's crypt ic. 
acidl y cynica l lyrics a re 
hidden under the s lickest 
production th at Steely Dan 
has done in years, and that's 
the problem. T he music, 
neither rock nor pop·jazz but 
evocative of both , rarely 
belies any formal melody line. 
Rather , the amount of 
musical talent that 's gone 
into this project seems on ly to 
buttress the bewildered 
nasality of Fagin's singing 
which, in spite of s pirited 
solos, horn arrangements 
that sparkle and a judicious 
use of synthesizer, never 
actually defines the heart of a 

Thl' Guurcliun 

song but rat her just suggests 
it. The effec t is like a 
w hi per. because the re's nu 
vocal color . S till. I've a l way~ 
been a su cker for s u perbl y 
m anaged contrivance. and 
the pain these guys have 
taken to cu h ion the lis t ener 
from the lack of bod y any of 
the s on~s ha ve mak es 
Gauch o cy ni c i m -
there's no mi stake. Fagin st ill 

r~l:I'ards the human race as 
being a collection of morons 
who unwittingly propogate 
their own misery - all the 
more seduct ive. It's like 
coming upon an oas is in the 
desert when you're thirsty 
and finding only sand and 
bri ne. 
10. Doc a t the Radar 

Courses of Interdisciplinary 
Interest, Offered by , 
Philosophy, Winter 1981 

Jazz drummer Jack De J ohnette 

Station - Captain Beef-
he3lt and the Magic Band: 

1979's S/ri"ey Beast (Bal 
P"II Chai,,) shu\ ed some of 
th e fr act ur e d fli c ke r 
brilliance Beefheart can do a t 
his best. but his new DO(' al 
lI, e R a da r Sla/ io" is 
a n uth e r m a tt e r . Thi s 
consistent and continuall y 
amazing record is his best 
work since Troll I Ma.Yk 
Repli ca . Merging and 
s hattering element s of avant -
garde jazz , sixties soul , delta 
blues and the occas ional hint 
of classic is m agains t layers of 
off-kilter. shifting rhythms 
and beat s, Beefheart and his 
troupe conduct themselves 
through a bri ll iantly 
orchestrated crazy quilt of 

13 

tones and timbres. creating 
origin a l music t hat arises 
from the di s tortion a nd 
dest ruct ion of t he form ' they 
deri \'e from. Beefh eart's 
lyr ics further enhance the 
feeling t hat one has stumbled 
on something new. He free· 
assoc iate!' images and ideas, 
sets up start ling connections 
and contrasts - the way a 
child's imagination works. 
making t he world into 
!'om e thing unique and 
private. Beefheart's concepl 
of the universe is not always 
comprehensible. but at his 
best the work s hift s through , 
his music and lyrics for 
somet hing tangible. making 
whatever obliqueness wort h 
it. 

PhIlosophy 111 • The 5tate and F .... 
MWF 1:00-1 :50, USB 3010. Gerald D. Doppelt. 
A basic introduction to the soc:ial and political 
thought of Karl Marx. 

PhIlosophy 111 • Iio Mldlcal Ethics 
Tu/Th 1:00-2:20, HL 1402. Barbara A. Winters, . 
(sa; sch«luk c:I elias for listirs of discussion sections) 
An examination of ethical issues that arise in the 
practics of medicine and medical research, with a 
special, focus on attempting to develop justif-
iable moral principles that can help resolve 

UCSD has a 
DENT AL GROUP 

at the Student Health Center 
with Student Rates! 

such disputes. 

PhIlosophy 160 • PhIlosophy of Religion 
MWF 10:00-10:50, USB 3070, Avrum Stroll. 
A discussion of basic problems connected with the 
nature of religion: evidence for the existence of God, 
non-rational types of religious experience and 
their valid ity, 

PhIlosophy 174 • PhllosophIaI PIychoIosy 
Tu/Th 8:30-9:50, HSS 2321. Barbara A. Winters. 
An exploration of issues involving the nature of human 
action and of certain psychological states related 
to it. 

for ,....., lnformItIon COllcemlrw .......... eI' ~ .......... 
~ COIIIUIt ... courM bnK ..... 1ft CIW .,.., . ....... ofIIce et 
.. J U t, .. aIIuI • 451-:1010 • 

~---------~e do----------~ 
EXAMIN A TIONS 

and 
DENTAL WO RK 

. and Hygienists are 
at1ailahle for cleaning teeth 

MONDA Y thru FRIDA Y 
8:00 am to 4:00 pm 
phone: 452<2080 

W (! can do {{'ork for spouses, too! 

Hour long has it hec...'ll since you've seen a 
DENTIST? 



ON:~~a-
,...." tt .... tt .. fOCUS on If'Icltss .... 'b"9, d,scusSlon and $UbseQut'" 
redreIIIns "'''''''''' on "dot,,,!! drafts for worlc chate.. """,ere. 1IiIItf!tY. 

~. meetw"eal df1d !Pf!IIt"! mOB 

Four AewIIe ~ l"'nstorm5 
~ 1111 (~) Wf!dn.sddy 4 .50 
~ I IS CWeorsch,n) ~dnesd.ly 1(}1050 
~ l'i11 (MIlSOn) Monddy 9·950 
~It' 1'i11 (Jackson ) Monddy 1(} 10 50 

One Uppor IlMSlal Adjunct Class 
~, .... fOt ~4I1Sfer students focuS Ctn short lerm PolPC~. '.sc",ch 
mtlhods, cornpo5ltlOn. purlCtuattCtn and Of9o'",zattOn 

One """"'" ~ •• s.,cond ~ (ESt) 
.......... 

"-~ a.a lot So.wnIMr BrtdSt '80 Srudmts 
.. , J 'S .......... ,...." ".J .. "'..ate. ,n .d~~ d,afts 01 
wft!IIfflrlOOd Chotc~ tenlf!nc.~. srarnmotlCoi. rn.chonocolond spf:lltng 
... 
Gr.-_ Phone·,n SfNCe 
..... ft. , ...... Gr."""." hothne I)honf!.," SCNOC. 'Ot dlCt,on. 
,._ ond pur-ctuottCtn ~ms Coli 452·2284 

CIIIIa .......... __ .... ..,.. c.II ........ _1Itr 
__ '''_-...1 .. tII.IIII~.., .... ...... 
.. ~ .......... ., .. __ ..... - _III..-ICMIIIIII. 

Intercampus bus passes are 
available from the Parking & 

Transit Systems Office, Building 
400, Warren Campus. This bus 

pas is good for free bus 
transportation on San Diego 

Transit Routes 21, 20, 34 and 41, 
within the UCSD campus 

boundaries, University Towne 
Centre, and the La Jo/la Vi /lage 
Square Shopping Center. Passes 
are valid through June 30, 1981. 

DOES A PROFESSIONAL 
CAREER IN DENTISTRY 

OR MEDICINE INTEREST 
YOU? 

Don't Miss the 
ORIENTATION MEETING 

January 8, 1981 '. 
TLH 104, 7:00-9:00 PM 

Application Process 
File Services 

Committee Interviews 
Current Programs 

rr==== Presented By: ==::::::;) 
The Health Sciences Advisory 

Program 
Career Planning & Placement 

PARKING PERMIT 
INFORMATION 

Unless you feed a meter, no matter where 
you park on campus you must have a parking 
permit Student "5" permits are available 
from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm at the Central 
Cashier'S Office, Building 401, Warren 
Campus, The cost of an "5" permit is $30.00 
and the permit is good through June 30, 
1981. Student pennlts .c valid only In 

yellow striped spaccs. 

If you have any questions about parking or 
are interested in joining a carpool or 
vanpool, or would like to get information on 
San Diego Transit or North COunty Transit, 
stopy by the Parking & Transit Systems Office 
at 400 Warren Campus or give us a calion 

campus extension 4221 

THt: 

L.A. 4 
A combination of friendship. artistic Integrity and 

first rate musicianship has produced the incomparable 
jazz quartet - The L.A. four. 

Members Laurindo Almeida (guitar). Ray Brown (bass ). 
Jeff Hamilton (drums) and Bud Shank (alto saxophone 

and nute) are each highly respected musicians in 
their own right. Together they fuse diverse musical 
elements into an exciting new sound laced with a 

touch of latin Jau. 

January 10. Saturday 
UCSD 51. $J.~O. UCSD faculty/Staff/Other SL $4.50 

GoA. $5.50 

SKI THt: 
HIGH 

COUNTRY 
Ride the (oors Shuttle to 81g Bear. The Dan 
McKinney Company. your Coors distributor. is 
sponsoring a day trip to Goldmine in Big Bear next 
saturday. January JI. 
for $25. you can relax with your friends on luxurious 
coach buses. ski all day at Big Bear. win fabulous 
door prizes. and. of course. drink I'ree Coors beer on 
the ride home. 
The bus leaves from UCSD at 5:.10 am on the 
17th. returning at about 8:00 pm. Tickets are 
available on campus thru your (oors .campus 
representative: call 481-9411 and ask for Pllke 
Harth or John Chamberlain at 755-484 7. 
So kick ofT your shoes. put up YQur feet. and enjoy 
some beer on us alter skiing the High 
Country ... wlth Coorsl 

Tickets can be purchased at the Pliddle of Plulr 
(1'101'1). fIIonday thru friday two wefts before 
the trip. from 12 noon to 2 pm. flrsh:ome, nrst 
serve. 

II t • I ;'. 
Monday. J unuury 5. 1981 

Weather 
will be 
warmer 

"ontinucd frum page A 
(10,000 and 40.000 feet). Thi· 
winter. a trough (equatorial 
bulge) in these winds is 
expected to extend from New 
England southwest ward to 
Texas. whereas. a st rong 
ridge (JXlleward bulge) is 
expected over the Canadian 
Rockies and along the We t 
Coast. This wind pattern 
would encourage th e 
deployment of cold JXllar air 
masses into the East but 
would shield the West. This 
wind pattern also favors the 
development of more 
frequent storm along the 
Gulf Coast and Atlantic 
seaboard and provides the 
mechanism for the release of 
pecipitation. 

"In the East. some of the 
snows. once generated . 
would influence the atmOs· 
phere in a way such as to 
further refrigerate the air 
masses. by increasing the 
temperature contrast 
between the continent and 
the Gulf Stream, develop· 
ment of East Coast storms 
would be enhanced." he said. 

Dr . Namias' weather-
prediction techniques utilize. 
in part , data on ocean·water 
temperatures as indicator for 
changes in climate over the 
continents . Thousands of 
temperature readings are 
taken each month from ships. 
plane . and buoy and by 
remote sensing via satellites. 
in conunction with the 
NORPAX program. 

"The ocean plays a key role 
in the determination of 
world·wide climatic condi-
tions." say Dr. Namias. 
"Va t warm and told pools of 
water. frequenlly as large as 
one·fourth the area of : the 
North Pacific Ocean . are 
probably generated originally 
by atmospheric wind 
systems. These pools. in 
turn, act as variable heat 
sources that can influence 
the overlying atmosphere 
weeks. months, and some· 
times years later." he said. 

Referring 10 thf> influence 
of changes in size and 

. JXlSition of these warm and 
cold lxxIies of water. Namias 
says. "While t he at mospheric 
systems change rapidly from 
day to day and week to week. 
certain elements. such as the 
temperatures of the upper 
layers of the sea. along with 
snow and ice cover and 
ground moisture on the 
continents. change slowly . 

"These elements interface 
wit h the overlying at mos-
phere and provide it wit h a 
'memory' that persistently 
forces the at mosphere back 
'on track' to the season's 
characteristic pattern. after 
periodic departures. In recent 
years. we have expeienced 
abnormal seasonal pat· 
terns." he said. 

"Abnormalities in Ihe 
thermal structure of the 
upper 200 meters (about 6[>5 
feet) of the ocean are g(xld 
candidates for such memory-
producing devices. since the 
oceans are great hea l 
reservoirs and only the lOP 
three meters (alx)ut 10 fect ~ 
cont ain as much heat as I he 
enl ire overlying l'olumn of 
the atmosphere." he said . 

" Wat er teml)eral ure!' 
durin~ I he past fall in I he 
central and we~·;tern Paci fic 
Ocean hm·e IX't'n characler. 
iz(oQ h\' mid \\'al er ,,-- 1 hl" 

1;1,'11",' IIIrn I .. 1t;Ij(l' I~} 

'. 

Monday, JallUAry 5; 1981 

Around 
Town 

Music, ·art and drama just part 
0/ what is upcoming at UCSD 

Impressions/ Expres-
s,ions: Black American 
Graphics. an exhibit that 
includes 63 prints in various 
media, will be at the 
Mandeville Gallery Jan , 6-28. 
In conjunction with the 
exhibit, the UCSD Black 
Performing Arts Progra(l1 
will present the S~xth 
Annual Commemorative 
Concert, featuring the 
Gospel Choir. in memory of 
Rev. Martin Luther King 
in the Mandeville Auditori-
um,Jan. 15, 8 pm. A reception 
will follow the concert in the 
Mandeville Gallery. Gallery . 
hours are 12-5 pm, Sunday 
through Friday, and 7-9 pm, 
Wednesday. 

.. -
. The LA 4, a jazz quartet 
that fuses indivdual styles 
with a touch of Latin 
rhythm, will perform in the 
Mandeville Auditorium, Jan. 
10 at 8 pm. Tickets are $4.50 
for faculty and staff, $3.50 for 
students. 

--* 

The Atomic Cafe will 
present a night of new 
chamber music and electro-
nics by students and staff 
Jan. 21 in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 8 pm. Admission 
is free. 

*** 
Individual performances 

by students in the third year 

01 the Drama Department's 
master of .line arts program, . 
Jan, 8 in the UCSD Theatre. 
Warren campus. 8 pm. Also 
scheduled for Jan. 9, 8 pm. 
Admiss ion is free. 

*** 
, The Fantasy Film Series 
will present King 0/ Hear" 
and The Bedsiffi"g Room 
(directed by Richard Lester). 
and two shorts, Icarus and 
Soldier Ma", Jan.,20, 7 pm, 
in TLH 107, Third College. 
Admission is $1. 75. 

Local poet Steve Kewit 
will read from his works 
Monday, January 19 at 7:30 
pm at DG Wills Bookstore 
and Coffeehouse, 7527 La 
Jolla Blvd. 456·1800. Free. 

-*-My Fint Paintings, a 
collection of early works by 
Visual Arts graduate student 
Hanne Lauridsen. will be on 
display from January 5 until , 
January 25 at the Che Cafe. 
located behind the Humani-
ties Library. 10:30 am· 10 pm, 
Monday-Friday, 
*** 

Violinist Janos Negyesy 
and pianist Cecil Lytle will 
perform contemporary 
American music. January 22, 
8 pm, in the Mandeville 
Center Recital Hall. 
Admission is one dollar. 

*** 

I"Jungle Rhythm", woodcut by Ademela Olugebefola, part of the Im/lnss;ollil / EX/Ireqioll • exhibit in Mandeville Gallery. 
Pianist J. MacKay will 

perform the works of 
Schoenberg. Stravinski and 
RaveIJanuary 8, 12 pm in the 
Mandeville Center Recital 
Hall. Free. 

*** 
Graduate one act plays, 

Hello and GoodlTye and 
Trifles will be direct.ed by 
two first-year directors in the 
MFA program of the UCSD 
Department of Drama 
February 12, 8 pm, 409 
Warren Campus. Scheduled 
nightly through February 14. 
Admission i $1.00, 452·4574. 

**. 
The Ascent 0/ MI. Fuji. a 

drama , will be presented in 
the UCSD Theatre on 
Warren Campus February 

26-28. 8pm. Tickets are $5 for 
faculty and staff, $3,50 for 
students. 

New Music and New 
Theatre, fOI,Jr work& by 
UCSD's Regents' Lecturer 
Toru Takomitsu. will be 
performed March 3, 8 pm, in 
the Mandeville Auditorium. 
Performances by SONOR 
and other. ensembles. ' 

-_. 

To Be You"g, Gifted and 
Black. directed by Arthur 
Wagner, will be performed 
March 5 at 8 pm in H&SS 
2250. Admiss ion is 99¢, 

*** 
The Guardian art 

sections needs writers. If you 
have some special kinship 

and knowl~ of theatre, 
visual arts, film. literature. 
poetry, classical or experi-
mental music. and are 
interestoo in writing about 
these areas, contact arts 
editor Ted Burke in the 
Guardia" offices. next to the 
Che Cafe behind the 
Humanities Library, or call 
452-3466. Prior journalistic 
experience is not required . 

**-There once was a man 
from Vancouver! Who wa a 
shaker and mover! He invited 
a friend! For a ummer to 
spend! But said '" don't want 
YOU to move here". - An 
Incoherent limerick found at 
t he end of a Guardiall 
announcement column. 

'Winter Quarter Films from 

,. 

University ·Events Fantasy· Fllm5:~ The llua IrotMrI 
with John Belushi & Dan Ackroyd 
plus Betty Boop's MInNc the MMoocIDGl-L.:n.her'r 
and Selly Rlnd'llubblc o.ncc 
Mnuary 9, ~, 1:00 pili 

Then.. Drum 
by Volker Schlondorff 
Best Foreign Film 1979 Academy Awtrd 
plus A Short VIsIon and a 
NlII~FlIm 
Ja ... ary 13, Tuadlly, 1:00 pm 

La (age Awe Folia 
by Edoutrd Molinaro 
plus Robert Benchley's ' Sa Life 
of a Polyp and .LIfe In a Tin Cen 
JanuIlY 16, FrtdIy, 1:00 pili 

icing There 
with Peter Sellers and Melvyn Douglas 
plus Ambrose Bierce's The Retum and Sky 
February 6, FrtdIIy, 1:00 pm 

Kurt vonnegut's 
~ ~ Wendt June and 
.... ghIcrhouM 5 
plus Dog ...... n and Medellnc· 
FcbruIry 17, FrIdIy, 7:00 pili 
UlaI7tl 

Wellcebout 
by Nicholas Roeg. and 
The LHt WINe by Peter Weir, 
with Richard Chamberlain 
Mlrch 13, FrtdIIy, 7:00 pm 

All fll ... (unI ... othcrwiH noted), .e 
$1.75 Iftd will be shown In Mendcvlllc Auditorium. ==;::==.l 

January 20 
IOns of Hurts (France, 1967) by Phillipe de 
Broca, with Alan Bates, and 
TMIed SIttIng Room (Britain, 1969) by 
Richard lester with Peter Cook and Dudley Mcxxe, 
plus gus and Hany Langdon in SoIdlcnnen 

January 27 
The Meglden (Sweden, 1959) by Ingmar Bergman 
with Max VCYI SydCHI and Ugctsu (Japan, 1953) by 
Kenji Mizoguchi, pll)s Dram of Wild Horsa and 
Kafka's The Nose. 

February 3 
WIlly Wonlca IIId the Chocoletc Fectory (USA, 1971 ) 
by Mel Stuart, with Gene Wilder, and IedIzzled (Britain, 
1967) by Stanley Donen, w ith , Peter Cok and Dudley Moore, 
plus Unbelievable Bugs and Little Memo. 

February 10 
Midsummer Nlght'i Dram (USA, 1935) by Max 
Reinhardt, and Beeuty end the Beast (France, 1946) by 
Jean Cocteau, plus Somewhere In Dramland and Plerrot. 

February 17 
5,000 FfnSa's of Dr. T(USA, 1953) by Rot Rowland, and 
CUlM of the c.t People (USA. 1944) by Robert Wise 
plus The Red lliloon and Gerald Mclolng Iolng 
on the PIMCt Moo. 

February 24 
Golden.Voyage of 5inbad (USA, 1974) With John Philip Law 
and Thief of laghdad (USA. 1940) by loltan Korda, with 
Sabu and Conrad Vledt, plus O scar Wilde 's TM Selfish Giant. 

Allihowl .c TuddIys, 1:00 pm, nH 107 
c!=:=: $1.75 each cveMtg. ===============;====:::=:==1 

. '.~--,-



,. The Guardian: 

Floor hockey, one 01 three Indoor aport. promoted by the intramural department this 
quarter, betina ita IeIUlOll this Saturday. The sport is cooed and open to any UCSD 

.1aIdeat. 

This week in sports 
Wedneeday 

Friday-
Saturday 

Saturday 

SatlU'day-
Sunday 

Men's basketball at Redlands, 8 pm 
Men's swimming vs. Chioo State, 7:30 pm, Natatorium 

Women's basketball in UCSD Invitational Tournament, Main Gym 

Men's and women's swimming vs. Whittier, 4 pm, Natatorium 

Men's rugby in San .Diego Tournament, all day, Robb Field 

rotonday, January 5, 1981 

1M sports provide 
indoor exercise 

BY BARBARA HAAS 
Sparta Edllor 

It's been a strange winter so far - more attuned to the 
beaches than the snowy slopes. 

But, going strictly by the.calendar, it is winter, ~nd time 
again to get those decomposmg bones out for exerctse. 

And what better way to acoomplish this than through the 
Intramural Athletics program. The 1M Department is 
sponsoring no less ~han 10 indoor and outdoor sports to be 
played out at UCSD during the next 10 weeks. 

In addition to the usual offerings of 1M soccer, one-pitch 
softball and Hawaiian football, the department is forming 
teams for men's, women's and coed basketball and team 
bowling. 

All of the information necesary for registering a team is 
available at the 1M office, located south of the Main Gym 
(x4303). The schedule for team captain meetings is as follows: 

Sport Date Time 
Floor hockey Thursday, Jan. 8 5pm 

Women's basketball Friday, J~m. 9 3pm 

Coed basketball Friday, Jan. 9 4 pm 

Men's basketball Friday, Jan. 9 5pm 

Women's soccer Monday, Jan. 12 3pm 

Coed soccer Monday, Jan. 12 4pm 

Men's soccer Monday, Jan. 12 5pm 

One pitch softball Tuesday, Jan. 13 4pm 

Team bowling Tuesday, Jan. 13 5pm 

Hawaiian football Tuesday, Jan. 13 6pm 

All meetings will be held in the Recreation Gym conference 
rooms, located directly south of the Main Gym. 

Are you interested in writing for 
the new Guardian? 
If so, see our ad on page 6, 

. Student 
F.00d· service Workers 

Immediate 0"",119' 
at the Revelle, Warren and Muir 
Cafeterias, and the Third College 

Snack Bar. 

Featuring: 
'low Cost" meals 
Exce"ent wages 

Flexibte wofk schedules 

Apply at: . 
Student Employment 

Office 

Every Saturday Is student discount day 
at the Fine Art Store-with a valid 

student 10 you get a 20IIIt markdown on any 
purchasel (excluding custom framing, fumlture 
and a few net Items, Use your 10 on weekdaY', 

too, for a 10% dlscount-elther way you're 
, lure to savel Come In and .. " 

looking for I Wly to get am prlCtlu on )'OUr writing and gnmmar skills? 
'I1Ie Gurdlln Is now taking applications for copy readers, to begin this quter. no 

praIous upertence Is na:es.wy-appfy todayl 
If bltcn:lted, glR us a call at 4!2-3468, or stop by our oIIIces behind !belk Provost 

Monday, January 5, 1981 The GUIl,-dillll 

Doonesbury will run in every issue of the Guardian, with all the daily 
strips up to the publication date of that particular paper. 

~GerryTn'" 

• , , 'RJETRY REAllII6S •• • 
A&.~ IIIeIIOII'1S - 7: 50 ,.. M. 

c.1Ii.L ~ or.., ~I)~D 
4<II4IiHTS ... 

Ifn.-~ 

17 



NOW OPEN 
GENERAL STORE 

(Student Run Co-op) 

r ScriP~ ~i~ Pencill 
II Booksto<e ~ 

500 Sheets Paper 
our prtce '1.96 
Bookstore $3.35 

100 Sheet Notebook 
Our prtce '1.11 
Bookstore $1 .39 

l ' Binder, Black 
Our prtce '1.61 
Bookstore $2.19 

Pentel Quicker Clicker 
Mechanical Pencil 
Our prIcc $I.ot 

Bic Pens 
Our price 1:M 
Bookstore 3,. 

2 Pencils 
Our price ~ 
Bookstore 8. 

Hi Liter Marker 
Our price 47( 
Bookstore 594 

t==== Bookstore $2.98 ==~ 

Open Mon-Fri 11 ..... 4 pm 
Located on the south side of the Student 

Center, aaou from the Bike Shop 
Phone: 451-3831 

Student 
Travel 
Services 

CIlE'S 
"IAtrnR TO LONDON" 

ROOPlItlATf GAPlt: 
Revelle Students: sign up to participate in our 
first annual Roommate Game Oust like lV's 

Newlywed Game). Sign up with your R.A. or in 
the Community Center for eliminations rounds. 

GMrtD rRllt:1II 
A bip for two on Laker Airlines to Londonlll 

Deadline Is Monday, Janual)' 12th. 

Political Film 
Series, UCSD 
Winter, 1981 

...... County, U.S.A. 
(I ~'<Jen of l.docI 

Pornlt of Yema 
~ cJ it BuredL:Cr. 

GcnMIIY In Autumn 
~""" FO!I 
DIstant Thunder 

TheAlant 
A~ana~ 

The History look 
TheT ...... ofAJtcrHili 
Juhos and Ethf:t ROSCnbtfg 

GrInd Illusion 
Trw! at rf'\e CarOl"lSVll1t: 9 

s.ltofthc EMIl 
5cngd"", C5wv 
r,u VOICr 01 utJOr 

ThIIcut FoIIIa 
HtIrV lomcnOtoV 

Jan 9, TlH 107 

Jan 16, TlH 107 

Jan 23, TlH 107 

Jan 30, USB 2722 
Feb 5, Mandeville 

Feb 6, TlH 107 
Feb 13, USB 2722 

Feb 20, TlH 107 

Feb 27, USB 2722 

Mar 6, USB 2722 

Mar 13, TlH 107 

Fridays, 7:00 pm 
FREE 

Note: "The Ascent" will be shown on Thursday, Feb. 5 

This Friday, January 9, 7:00 pm, TLH 107 FREE 

Harlan County, U.S.A. 
(Also: Children of Labor). Sponsored by: committee for world 

democracy and third world studies with asucsd-aliocated student 
fees 

EAT IT HERE or TAKE IT OUT! 

S~ ei\T1NO ~ 
.... ~~ "Gourmet Chinese Food t~ ~ , With Fast-Food Convenience" ~ 
.,.'-:..---------.;.~ ~,\' -----~ : ••• : 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
:. Won-Ton (5) with : 
I entree (from $2.09 to $2.99) I 
I ~~H I I I 
I I 
: offer expires 19 January, 1981 : 
I I 
I I 

~-----------------------------~ 
Your Hostess: Yun-Pi Fletcher I 

a native of Shanghai 
We also feature vegetarian dishes and 

have daily luncheon and dinner sPecials. 

rr=::::============ La Jolla ===il 
Moun: 
~Fri1H 

Set1H 
SUn 11-5 

VII. Squ.-c 
Lower Level, 

East Side 
457-4050 

Monday, Janmlry 3, 1 ~~ 1 

Classifieds 
announcements 

Ith Spnngtlme In Washington DC ! WorIcw 
publiC Interest association regard 
Aiternclte Energy and other nucl 
pov.;er InforJT1(!tlon PoSSible academ 

Ing 
ear 

IC 
credit. Call 452-4355 ( 115) 

t 
t 

Do you like polNer? WcYI'en AS rep. spo 
nr::MI open. Apply at Warren Provos 
office row. Don't dilly-dalty! Deadl lne 
Jan. 12. (1 / 5) 
Summer tra ining In card lovascu 
research. Stipend and posSlb 
academic credit. Deadline January 20th 

lar 
Ie 

catl 452-4355. (1/5) 
or Interested In planning activities f 

Wlrren College? Then we're interested 
you! Come to the WiI'renColiege Progra 
Board Meeting every Tuesday at 7 pm 
Wlrre n College # 405 (across from th 
Provost's). First meeting is January 

In 
m 
at 
e 
6. 

(1/8) 
tts Spend your summer in Massachuse 

Involved in Oceanographic researc 
FellCMlship and posSible travel expense 
AcademIC credit may be possib 
Deadline M<Ych 1st. (all 452-43S5. (11 

h. 
s. 

Ie. 
5) 

e Baseball team needs scor 
_pers/SUltisticians. Cor«act Vince at 
452-4211. (1/B) 
Energy reieled research assignments 
MlY of the science fields. Choose your si 
for summer placement Deodline Jarury 
10th. Possible ~mic credit "nd tralll! 
e<pensn. Call 452-4355. (1/5) 

in 
te 

I 

Women's waterpolo pl"yers: Fir 
practice is Sund~ 1/11/81 at 6 pm 
pool. Be ~d. (1/8) 

st 
at 

Would you like to sec AIasI0? /oN. 
~shmore? Colorado? or the Grand 
canyon? HaIoe "n exciting Summer wi 
the Studert Consel'lllltion Assoc iation 
Tr"vel expenses, free housing 
subsistence allO'W'ance M1d possib 
academic credit Deadline: March 1st 

th 

Ie 

Call 452-4355. (1/5) 
Wlrren ColI* Council would like to 
ennounce that the position of AS WlIfe 
Coll£ge Ilep. is open. Appl icati0r6 ar 
Clllailable Ii WirTf:n Pra.ost Office. (1/8 

n 
e 
) 

Summer research pr~ams in Lase 
Fusion, Energy and Resourc 
Development, MagnetiC FUSion Energy 
and Nuclear Explosives. Possible stipend 
and academic credit. Deadline Jarury 

r 
e 

9th. call 452-43S5. (1/5) 
~ !reining in field obseMItion and 
interpretat ion, accompany whal 
Wiltching • trips, providing background 
info 'and field interpreUltion abou 
C"lifornia GreyWhaIe this Wirter Q.wter 
AQldemic credit m"Y be possible. Ca 

e 

t 

II 
tod~ 452-4355. (1/5) 

housing 
Mammoth Cheld for rent. 4 bdrm 2 bath 
3 blks from ski lifts 7 and 8 ~II Doug 
(714) 54(}'5222 or (714) 77(}.o4119 

. (1/25) 

wanted 
L~-In st~nt With 5-passenger cO' 
Pnvete room & b.'Ith I n ~rse La JoII" home 
Room & board In exchenge for driVIng 
daJghter to sc hool plus home shoPPing 
help Nina Gu~tson 273-6040 ('h4<) 
(1/8) 

Mt'VIca 

I 
\.NWANTED HAIR relTlOoIed permanently 

~ campus. La Jolla Village PrO~lona 
Cerur; B9SO Ville La Jolla Orl\'C, Suite 
1160<, call lor ilppt 453-7040. (6/4) 
0Ii1d un. Will ITade (co-op) half·orne 
blbysitting lor 1 Infent, UCSO area 457· 

~. (1/8) 

"-.1 
CEE Student Tr_1 ooen M-F 9·5 In the 
!laJdent Center ClEE offers bud~ 
nights. int'l 5tudent 10 cards. r"'l~ses 
tours, books IllSU'ante, wort< and study 
PfU9<"ms, ana mUCh ore PIlonf 452· 
0630 (6/ 5) 
CLUB ME DITERRANEAN SAILING 
EXPEDITIONS I NetOrc:l SOOrt5 
lnIIruclOO. OItlCe Pt:rsonnel Cc un';l'lors 
Europe. Cemt:>an. WoriawtcXf Summer 
c.ttr Stoo '5 95 D'uS " .,.,rlClltl1'J 1\)' 
.cOlication ,_'oen,n95 9 .... It r,' 
C~ • eol~ S«'~"o<.A 

~ 'I 

Zen/or a 
'mellower' 
lifestyle 
~()ntinllcd from page 3 
paper. II's I he part I hm 
makes me lake carl'ful aim <II 
I he Irash can - and mis~, 
\\'here an inst incl in' ~h()t 
would probably han' ~aill'd 
in . And as I type t his. il ' ~ lilt' 
part of my mind I hal makl's 
me wonder hm\' my fingers 
hillherighl keysinlherighl 
order. When I nol ice ' how 
complicaled I~' ping is, I slo\\' 
down . each leller requires a 
con scious meolal impulse. 
and Ihe mislakes Irwil in . 
bUI as swn as I forge I aboul 
the manual act ivit y. slop 
"walching myself'" and 
concentrate on whole words. 
the machine Ihunders into 
life again and Ihe keys 
patter Iype across Ihe page, 

almost free of error s. 
I can remember spending 

hours pract icing my service 
in tennis, wil h onlv a series of 
bum shots to sho,,' for il. and 
a depleled faith in mv 
abilities. In frustration, '1 
gave up trying, and then a 
few minutes later I served an 
ace. The balllefl t he racket so 
swee tly that I heard a 
"thwok!" but felt nothing. 
This and the facl t hat it 
hadn't been a conscious effort 
made me feel as if something 
else had played the stroke 
through me, leaving me 
standing with a sheepish grin 
on my face, wondering if I 
could repeat the perform-
ance. All that had happened 
was thai my ego had moved 
over and I had stopped 
fighting myself. For a few 
seconds, I was no longer 
blocking the perfect "Zen" 
shOI by I rying too hard 10 find 
it. 

Mosl of us depend upon our 
left brains. We Iry to 
overcome our problems by 
reason and conscious 
thinking alone. believinglhat 
there is no reliable 
alternal ive. Un less \\'1.' can 
never hope 10 de\'elop il and 
maximize I he efficienc\' of 
our minds by balancing Ihe 
I\\'o facull ies . 

Herrigel, a philosophy 
leclurer. spenl his six vears 
in Japan learning 10 d() jusl 
this. unlocking his .instinc-
t ive ski lls and achieving I he 
desired results b\' "nol 
trying_" If Zen Buddhisls 
were inclined 10 respond to 
t he joke aboul I he light bulb. 
which I \'en' much dou bl 
they Illighl reply Ihat il Cil~ 
take jusl as man v Weslern· 
en; III change a J)ulh: one 10 
perform I he opcrill ion and 
Ihe res I 10 sland around 
arguing and crilicizing his 
mel hod. There seems 10 he a 
Weslern tendency 10 \\'astl' 
l'ner).,'y. 
I 

:\1~- inll'mion in \\Tiling 
hi s is nOllOchangl' \'our wa\' 
,I' Ihinking. Whel her ()r n,;1 
'ou change your own "light 
)lIlb:' and how \'Ouchange II, 
sup I 0 ~·(lU . II O\\·l'\'l'r. I do 
\'anl 101 hro\\ II lillll'lighl on 

Zen as I Sl'\.' II in l'\'cr\,da\, 

( 

\ 
i 
i 
\ 
. 

\ 
I 

\ 
l' 

V~lcrn lifl' . anel l \\'oulci lik~' 
(I I hink t hl'n' art' SOl11l' 

l'ctlifurnlilll:. I'l'adlllg I hi:. 
\'110 ran "!'l'lah' III 11ll' 
x I X'I'iI'Ill't'. 

Weather 
. , "'"l11ll'd Ir"m I,a",· I I 
\ 
l' 
II 
\\ 

\t 'I"\' 101-.1 fall hUI I hi ~ fall I hl' 
XI n'f11l' (';I'l l'l'n 1';I\'il'l,' I' 
l'ar nlll'll1 ;iI III 11'111 I 11.'1' a 1 III, ·. 
11I'I'l';I'. 1.1 - 1 1: ,11 .\'lIl·" 

I 
r 
,,·mp.:ral un' \\iI. \\ arm lntm 
ftltt"rnt;. 1 - II:. I 

--t--f, 

San Diego Transit 
Route Changes: 

This announcement IS to Inform you that, effectIve February 2nd, 1981 , San Diego TranSit 
will be Instituting some changes to Routes 21 and 41 . However, San Diego TranSit Routes 30 
and 34 and North County TranSit Route 301 Will continue their current routes through the 
campus. The V.A. Hospital Will be the central point of transfer for all five of these routes 

Routes ~1 and 41 will be rc-routcd IS foilOWl: 

Route !U: route 21 Will no longer come on campus, but WI ll stop at the 
VA Hospital and then go north on Interstate 5 to Its destlnalion, Sorrento 
Valley. Transfers can be ·used to take route 30 or 301 from the V.A 
HospItal Into the heart of the campus and continue on to Third College -
these routes have not been changed 

Route 41: route 41 will no longer stop at the Intersection of Miramar 
Road and Myers Drive or at the Central Cashiers; however, It WIll stop at 
the Gilman and Myers Intersection next to the Bookstore. It will be re-
routed beh ind Warren Campus on Gilman Drive to Old Miramar Road; 
then It will continue to Its destination, Fashion Valley. 

The Camous Mao has been reprinted shOWing the various transit routes In color These 
maps Will t>e available from the PCY'klng & TranSit Systems Office by approximately mld-
January ' -

Duflng the next several months Ihe Parking & TranSit Systems Office Will be conducting a 
,jet.llied studY of the transit bus system und ot~er alternative transportatIon systems With 
the-overal l our DOse of ImprOVing service to both students and employees. If you have any 

r~uestlOriS ( oncernlrlg the tranSll route changes or any suggestions about hOW we can 
II nprov~ (.'U! ult -rnallVE: I.)rograms, please tee I free to contact the ParkIng & TranSit Systems 
OffICI:: 

'nlng • TreMit SystclM Office: 400 Warren CMIpuI, phone 4St-4ft3, 
'-



20 

Base pay 
July 1978 October 1978 

Students will not 
-get 70/0 increase 
continued from page 5 increase. but must come up 

The Guardian 

June 1979 

Los' Alamos 
goes for 
defense $$$ 

veto. wit h the m 0 n ey for rn a move calculated to 
The University of Califor· recreation officials. hou ing recognize UC's ties with 

nia is covered by the increase. officials. etc. ·m iii ta ry con tract ... the 
and checks will be mailed to The Extension office. university has formally 
UC employees sometime in which is self.supporting. changed the name of it s Los 
the next 60 days, according to will have to come up with Alamos laboratory effective 
a spokesman in the state $45,000, Oakes said. this past New Year 's Day. 
treasurer's office. Finally. organizations with The lab. known for the las t 

Most state employees only one fulltimeworker.like 33 year as the "Los Alamos 
already have their checks, The Guardia". will be hurt by Scientific Laboratory." will 
she said. the payment. The Guardian now call itself the "Los 

has set aside no money to Alamos National Labora· 
However, there's a Catch· tover the payment, General tory." 

22 for student~. Manager Harry Tolen says, A press relea e issued by 
The state is only issuin~ and it will co."t the paper the lab cites the change as 

checks to "full·time' $2,500. The paper is still "consistent with the 
workers - defined by Cory heavily in debt. newspaper laboratory' leading role in 
aide John Jervis as those who figures show, despite a small the national interest and 
worked more than 24 hours a profit last quarter. wit h t he will of Congress." 
week. University rules then Located on the site of a 
and now prevent students The Associated Students former ranch chool for boys. 
from getting paid for more will also have to take money the Laboratory has under· 
than19hoursaweek.sono from its extremely tight gone everal changes 
students will be included. budget to give its secretarie ' through the years a ' the 

the 7 percent payment. scope and mission of the The University could . . . 
I he The unl'vers,'ty's official instItutIOn grew. overru e t slate and pay the 

rebate to students, but one reaction to the increase is Home of t he original 
campus official said it was still vague . Oakes and Manhatten project which 
"highly unlikely" this would Accounting officer France developed both nuclear 
happen. Cvar studied the problem a bombs dropped on Japan at 

year ago and haven ' t the end of World War H. the 
The state has set aside examined it since, Oakes lab was originally identified 

funds to cover the rebate for says, but will be doing so in 1943 by the univers it y as. 
university employees, but again soon. variously. Site Y. Project Y. 
only those the state wants to the Zia Project, Sante Fe. 
nay. The university' problem Area L. Shangri La. Happy 

might be exacerbated Valley and The Hill. All full·time campus bec hi ' I . 
ause t e egIs ature I The name Las Alamos was employees are covered. I 'd ' b' ll 

current yconsl erlnga I to con I'dered cia ' s,'ified Despite the state's help,· I . 
. ' 11 gIve emp oyees mterest on information until 1947. the University stl may their increase. 

suffer. Congress has deemed the 

Monday, January 5. Imu 

DC student regent 
choices narro\Ved 

The l C Regent s' Special 
Committee on the 'elect ion 
of a Student Regent will meet 
tomorrow in Be rk e ley . 
probabl y to narrow t lie 
selection of a Student Regent 
to one candidate. 

The Special Committee 
will interview the three 
remaining ca ndidates. Th 
three have been selected as 
final contenders by the 
Student Bod y President s' 
Council (SBPC). 

The three candidates are ' 
Terry Groth. a graduate 
student at UC Rivers ide: 
David Neuman. an under· 
graduate at UCLA: and 
Kamala Visweswaran. an 
undergraduate at UC 
Berkeley . . 

UCSD'sJim Lofgren was a 
semi·finali ·t. 

The meeting \vill be in 
clo ed se ion because it 
involves a per onnel matter. 
and no announcement will be 
made following the meet.ing. 
Final selection of a tudent 
regent will be made by the 
full Board, probably at its 
Jan. 16 meeting. 

rnterested Students from 
the nine UC campuses 
submitted applications for 
the regental POsi.lion to two 

student screening commit · 
tees. one in the north and one 
in the sou th . The'screening 
committee in the south 
submit s five names to the 
SBPC. and the northern 
committee submit s four. The 
number of names submitted 
corresponds to the number of 
UC campuses in each part of 
the state. but there is no 
requirement that a s tudent 
be nominated from each 
campus. 

The SBPC interviews the 
nine nominees and selects 
three final candidates. As 
provided in regental 
guidelines. a member of the 
SBPC will attend the meet ing 
of the Special Committee and 
part icipate fully in discus· 
' ion and debate. 

The committee is chair d 
by John Rosston. Other 
appointed mem ber: are 
DeWitt Higgs. Dean Wat · 
kins. John Lawrence. John 
Henning and current st udent 
regent Leslie Lurie. r..~r · ()J)I('/·u 
mem bers are GO\'ernor 
Edmund Brown.Jr .. Regents' 
Chairman Joseph Moore . 
former Chairman Robert 
Revnolds and UC President 
Da'v id Saxon. 

Kapiloff to make 
UCSD arrival 

. h No money has been set Laboratory a "u niqu e 
BuildingsandproJectst at aside by the stme to cover national asset" which Assemblyman Lawrence was first elected to the were contracted by the . . 

University are not covered by interest payment to eIther "must" retain its primary Kapiloff, 78th district . California Legislature to 
the money the state set aside, state or university em· defense focus to sustain this Assembly representative, 1972. His District includes a 
campus budget officer Bob plovees. nation's world pre·eminence will speak at a Forum major portion of Pacific, 

'n n clear technology rn sponsored by Extensl'on MI'ssl'on and Ocean Beaches. Oakes says, and since their "They probably should get I u .. 
account are closed , Oake it," Jervis says. "Shoot. we addition. the Department of Friday morning. in Room Sf>rr" Mesa . Point Lorna, 
doesn't know where the (the state) earned nine to Energy Fiscal Year 1980 IliA of the Administrative Normal Heights. Talmadge. 
money to pay the contracted t I ent on 't while we authorizing legislation Complex. North Park. Linda Vista and 

we ve perc I requires the Laboratory to theSDSU area. He has served 
workers will come from. had it.' make a name change. The Forum. "What's as a member of the Assembl\' 

Going on in Sacramento?" . Also, "places like Ueg Fee The California State A military memo on Revue and Taxation 
n scheduled for lOam to noon. 

are the ones that are gonna' Employee A-ssociation. Cory November 2S. 1942. states. ' h bl ' ' th Committee. the Assembh' IS open to t e pu IC WI out lJ d' really get hurt," Oakes says. and others are lobbying the "There is a militarv Resources. Land se an 
. charge. d h Reg Fee has not set aside any legislat ion for t he interest necessit v for the acquisit ion Energy Commit lee an t l' 

money to cover the pay payment now. of thi~ I~lnd." Assem blyman Kapi loff Committee on AJ.,ring. 
-------------- ------------- .... - - ------.:...---~-----------

Attention Students: 
Are you an upper division student interested 
in national policy making and international 
security affairs? Professor Herbert York. 
who has just completed a term as U.S. 
Ambassador to the Comprehensive Test Ban 
Negotiations. will resume teaching 
STPA/Poli Sci 1058 (Technology and 
Society) this quarter (·Winter. 1981). with 

Roger Revelle as co-instructor. 

Class meets Tuesday and Thursday, 10 to 
11 :20 am, in HL 14l8.Sign up in Room 7, 
412 Warren Campus (the Science. 
Technology and Public Affairs Office), or 
in the Politkal Science Department, 412 

Warren campus. 


