
Extra 

THE GUARDIAN 
Volume 34, Number 21 Univers ity of California, San Die go Wednesday, June 3, 1981 

34 arrested at Atkinson's order 
in chancellor's office sit-in 
Nothing I 
can do-
Atkinson 
BY REBECCA S. LOWEN 

Staff Write r 
As San Diego Police, armed 

with guns and billy clubs, 
arived to arrest the students 
occupying the chancellor's 
office yesterday afternoon, a 
visibly haken Richard Atkin-
on insi ted to a group of 

about 200 student gathered 
in a nearby conference room 
that "there's nothing I can 
do" about Tolbert's tenure. 

"I plan to go through the 
normal process," he repeat-
edly told Robert Tambuzi, 
spokesman for the protestors. 

"That's the only thing I 
can do. I can't make a judge-
ment on this case (of Tol-
bert's tenure)." 

Atkinson also refused to 
act when Tambuzi requested 
that he prevent the police 
from arresting or harming 
any of the students occupy-
ing the chancellor's office. 

"I don 't know what I can do 
please turn to page 2 

Chancellor Atkinson, duro 
ing a meeting outside his 
office in which he could do 
little to quell the distur· 
bance. 

S n Diego County police outside the chancellor' 
office in formation, awaiting word from Atkin on, via 
campus police chief Hugh French, to remove 34 peo· 
pie sitting in the chancellor's office. They did so with 
no injuries. 

No injuries in 
Tolbert protest 

BY JEFF BERE FORD· HOWE 
New Editor 

Thirty-four tudent were arrested yesterday afternoon at 
Chancellor Atkin on's order after a peaceful two-hour sit-in at 
the chancellor's office. 

The student ,who are demanding tenure for BlackAssistant 
Hi tory Profe sor EmoryTolbert, as well as more Third World 
tudies and recruitment programs, were all relea ed by early 

la t night. 
A hearing for the 34 ha been et for June 16 in San Diego 

Municipal Court, hould the chancellor decide to pres charges. 
The student occupied the office at noon, simultaneous with 

the tart of a rally on the gym steps to upport Tolbert, who 
received a negati ve tenure recommendation la t week. 

About a dozen student , led by Black Students Union Chair-
man Ken Overton, came into the office, locked the doors and 
initially "wouldn't permit us to use the phones," according to 
an Atkinson assistant. 

The chancellor, who wa having lunch with community 
leaders in a room adjacent to his office, immediately left t he 
luncheon and a ked students to leave the building with him so 
they could talk about their Ii t of eight demands. 

please turn to page 3 

. Some of the students in ide the chan ellor' office ju t before their arre t on 
trespassing charge . They linked hand s, formed a circle and chanted "Tolbert! 
Tenure!" 

'Tolbert 1night get tenure' 
BY JOHN BRICE 

taffWrit r 
A ource in the UC D hi tory department r plac Tolb rt a that ca e ha not been 

aid la t nighlthat Profe or EmoryTolbert 10 ed." 
"may very well begrant d tenure at UC D." "Tolb rt's cholar hip d not meet ~ur 
The tenured ource, reque ting anonymity, tandard ," comn:tented t.he ource, addmg 
explained that Tolb rt could receive tenure that many people m the hi tory d partn:tent 
in the same manner that Hi story Prof. "f It that Ed Iman should not have re elved 
Robert Edelman wa granted tenure thi tenure," eith r . But, th ource added the 
year. ( ee related tory, pag 4) u~iv rsity admini tration over-rode th 

Thi tatementcam out whi le the depart- HI tory Department and gave Edelman 
ment mem ber wa que tioned aboutthe hir- tenure. . . 
ingofBlackprofe orDavidLewi. "Weare The ource de nbed Lewl ,a f Ilowat 
reque ting a new po ition in the department th~.Cent~rfor A~va~~ed tudyat tanford, 
for Lewis because we cannot hire someone to a verylmpre SIve. 



Tho r. .. arrlion 

2 The Guardian 

Atkinson inside his office, surrounded by demonstrators he was trying to con. 
vince, unsuccessfully, to leave his office. 

Arrested ait·in participants, there hands bound behind their back by plastic cords, 
look out from a paddy wagon just before they are transported to Santee. 

Atkinson talks outside his 
office with his assistant 
Pat Collum. Collum was 
arrested for participating 
in demonstrations at Mor· 
gan State University 
in Baltimore between 
1960·64 that had as their 
aim desegregating a lun· 
cheonette counter, She 
addressed those sitting· 
in for a short time, urging 
them . to get arrested if 
that's what they believed 
in, but telling them that 
she thought there were 
other ways to get what 
they wanted. 

Mnn,hov .1nnp 1 . 1 ~R1 

Wedne day,June 3,1981 

/ 

Campus police chief Hugh French gives his last warn· 
ing to protesters that they will be arrested unless they 

l~ave the chancellor's office. 

Atkinson says he 
can't help Tolbert 
Tenure process is fair, he 
~. 'tells 200 outside office 

continued from pale 1 
about it. I'm going to have 
that office cleared, and if they 
(the police) have to, then yes, 
they can demolish my office. " 

Atkinson's meeting in the 
administrati ve conference 
room across from the chan· 
cellor's office was arranged 
after Atkinson left his office 
saying he would only talk 
with students if they left, too. 

About 35 stayeq in Atkin· 
son's office, but nearly 200 
joined the chancellor, alJ the 
while making it clear that 
their sympathies were with 
those participating in t\:le ' 
sit-in. 

Thechancellor, unprepared 
and shaken, faced a panel of 
four students representing 
campus Third Worle! organi· 
zations who had prepared 
questions regarding amnesty 
for the protestors, Tolbert's 
tenure and Atkinson's com· 
mitment to affirmative action 
programs. 

Students listened quietly, 
but the room slowly emptied 
as San Diego police arri ved to 
arrest the students still in the 
chancellor's office and as 
Atkinson tried to turn the 
discussion to his record of 
improving Third World Stu· 
dent and faculty recruitment. 

First asked to promise am· 
nestyforall students involved, 
Atkinson promised there 
would be "no recrimination." 
But headded , "I'm not trying 
to threaten you, but I am 
going to have that office 
cleared." 

He repeatedly insisted that 
the tenure proce s has "de-
fined rules" which had 
"evolved over time" and that 
he could "do nothing" except 

follow "the normal tenure 
process." 

He dismissed as "nonsense" 
one student's suggestion that 
the tenure process. actually is 
highly political. "H's a fair 
process, a process that's very 
open, a process that all uni· 
versities outside the United 
States envy." 

The students at the meet· 
ing were unconvinced, how· 
eveT, and Tambuzi claimed 
that the three requirements 
for tenure - publication, 
community service and teach· 
ing ability - had been met by 
Tolbert. 

Though Atkinson refused 
tocommithimselfon the issue 
on Tolbert's tenure, he did 
try to mollify the students by 
declaring, "affirmative action 
is my highest priority as 
chancellor. " 

"Recruitment of Third 
World students is atrocious," 
he admitted. "The University 
should be doing much better. 

Accused of "just paying lip. 
service," Atkinson pointed to 
the upcoming appointment of 
a new chancellor of student 
affairs, to Third College Pro· 
vo t Watson's report sugges· 
ting ideas for improving affirm· 
ative action programs and to 
the incteased enrollment of 
Third World students t":s 
year as signs of his r 
ment to affirmative 

All photos for this 
issue were taken 
by Guardian photo 
editor Phillip 
Davies. 

Wednesday, June 3,1981 

Tolbert 
regrets 
arrests 

BY KATHY HUFFER 
Editor 

Profes or Emory Tolbert 
said last night he was "grati· 
fied" by ye terday's display 
of support for his tenure bid. 
but expressed regret at the 
arrest of 34 s tudents. 

"} didn't want, and never 
would want, anyone to be 
injured or an yone's future to 
be jeopardized for my ca e," 
he told the Guardian. 

Tolbert. who awaits a deci· 
sion from Vice Chancellor of 
Academic Affairs John Miles 
on his second try at tenure. 
said he had no prior knowl· 
edge of the sit·in. He did say, 
however, that he "was made 
aware that there would be a 
rally" after seeing po ter 
and fliers distributed across 
campus. 

He also said the rall y and 
sit·in were not focused solely 
on his case, but were "an 
indication of a concern of all 
Blacks and Browns." 

"I wouldn't be vain enough 
to think that I'm the only 
issue," he said. " My case 
seems to be a focal point in 
some situations .. .It's a sign of 
growing concern of the whole 
issue (of racial problems at 
UCSD). 

"No one has told me the}( 
were arrested for me," he 
said. "The people whodid get 
arrested got arrested for them· 
selves." 

Tolbert, one of a dwindling 
number of Black professors 
atUCSD, has been a target of 
student support since he was 
first denied tenure in 1979. 
The Black Students Union, 
in particular, adopted Tol· 
bert's second bid for tenure 
this year as one of its primary 
concerns. 

Yesterday's rally was the 
second in less than a week 
held to protest the History 
Department's recent rejection 
of Tolbert's request for ten· 
ure. 

Despite the publicity that 
has surrounded his case, 
Tolbeit has maintained his 
distance from his supporters, 
for fear that any personal 
involvement would harm his 
chances for tenure. 

He refused to speculate on 
the possible effects of yester· 
day's sit·in and arrests on his 
chances of receiving tenure. 

"Obviously 1 cannot discuss 
any effects they (the arrests) 
might have on my case, or 
someone might think 1 had 
something to do with the rally 
or the sit·in," he commented. 

"Students ought not to be 
just thinking of my case, but 
of theenti re Black and Brown 
races," Tolbert sa·d. 

tlow many arrested? 
San Diego media were 

reporting 35 and not 34 
arre ted in the sit·in yes· 
terday, but a police urn· 
mary Ii ted one name twice, 
o those who simply cor· 

rected the numberof names 
were one off. 

The Guardian 3 

34 arrested in sit-in 

BSU chairman Ken Overton (above left) talks with 
Atkinson in the chancellor's office, at the arne time 
trying to quiet the crowd. 

Bagneris backs 
office takeover 
Offers AS funds as bail 
money for those arrested 

BY JENIFER WARREN 
Staff Writer 

Amid shouts of "Tolbert· increased recruitment and 
... justice' ~ at the Chancellor;'s ~ .retentionlOf.;Eiitd:W~d tu· ·: 
Complex yesterday, AS Pres· dents and faculty, the crea· 
identlules Bagneris, the first tion of Asian·American, Black 
Black to hold that office, and Chicano studies programs, 
vowed that his Council "sup- the construction of a Third 
ports 100 percent" the efforts World Student Center and a 
of34 students who were arres· guarantee of campus housing 
ted after occupying Chancel· for low·income students. 

10~,Atkinson's office. AS Vice President Alma 
The AS h.as.pledged over Key, who ran with Bagneris 

and over agam Its suport for in the election, AS Elections 
tenure for Tolbert, ~nd we Commissioner Denise Long 
fully endorse the .actlOns of and AS Appointments and 
?ur~el!?W~tu~entsmdemand. Evaluations Commissioner 
109 It, he saId. ." Wendell Leonard on the all. Alth~ugh Ba¥.~ens was Black 'Respect With Perspec. 
n?t not tnv~lv~ tn.the plan· tive' slate echoed the presi. 
nmgof the slt·m, which l~sted dent 's views. 
nearly two hours, he saId he 
could have "predicted some· 
thing like this would happen" 
due to "building tensions over 
the past months." 

And while onlyoneAS memo 
ber, Commissioner of Student 
Welfare Reggie Williams, was 
arrested, Bagneris was pre· 
pared to use his $1,000 dis· 
cretionary fund to post bail 
for all 34 students. He also 
sent university vans to pick 
up the demonstrators when 
they were released. 

''I'd like to use my discre· 
tionary fund to get them ou t," 
said Bagneris before he knew 
the34 had been released with· 
out penalty of bail. "But they 
(AS advisors) told me it was 
inappropriate to use student 
monies for that reason." 

Money from the AS accoun t 
would not have been avail· 
able until this morning, and 
the protestors had no bail 
costs. 

Bagneri ,who wa elected 
just three weeks ago, also 
noted that he "fullyendorses" 
the demands made by the 
protestors. 

" We've been meeting with 
the chancellor and asking for 
help on these same issues for 
years," said Key. 

A II released in 
a few hours 
continued from page 1 

The students retused. 
Fifteen minutes later, former BSU Chairman Robert Tam· 

buzi was interrupted at the rally and told that the occupation, 
planned by members of the BSU, MEChA, theNativeAmerican 
Students A ociation and the Asian American Students Asso· 
ciation, was succe sfu\' The approximate 200 people at the 
rally then marched to the chancellor' office, where they 
chanted. "Tolbert! Tenure!" for over half an hour. 

Atkinson remained in his office, trying to clear it of the 
demon trators. who kept growing in number and voice. 

"['d like to go over with you to (Conference Room) III acro s 
the hall and talk about it there," he said. "It's just disrupti ng 
work in this office. " ( 

Overton , who Wa the prate ter ' spoke man inside the 
chancellor' office, told the chancellor, "We are willing to end 
a representati ve (Tambuzi) over to that building and the rest of 
us will stay here." 

"What guarantee i there that you will negotiate our 
demands seriously?" MEChA leader Conrado Gerardo asked 
the chancellor. "How are you going to guarantee that you will 
negotiate in full faith? Wedid this] 0 years ago, and we're back 
here doing the same thing. We want a commitment if we're 
goi ng to go. " 

Atkinson said he had "no answer to that question," and then 
made a threat that he made at least five other times: "Once [ 
leave this office, everyone will be removed from here by the 
police. You will be arrested on my order." 

But Atkinson clearly was not eager to initiate any arrests . At 
different times, he offered to let four , then eight of the protes' 
ters stay. 

Overton's only response, backed forcefully by the crowd, was 
that "more than four or eight want to support Dr. Tolbert." 

Atkinson: "Well, isn't it good enough to walk across the way 
and talk about it? 

Overton: "We want a commitment before we do." 
After another 15 minutes, in which Atkinson twice threa· 

tened to have the protesters removed, he said, "What the police 
chieftoldme is that once the process of arrest starts, it can't be 
stopped." 

Atkinson then left the building at about 1:15 pm with Tam· 
buzi to discuss eight demands that Tambuzi's coalition had 
drawn up the week before. The two were followed by about 200 
students in a crowd that by now had grown to 300. 

Everyone left that second meeting, including Atkinson and 
Tambuzi, when San Diego Police arrived. 

The demonstrators gave no evidence, however, of a shaken 
resolve. After a final warning from campus police chief Hugh 
French, the 34 who stayed to be arrested sat in a circle on the 
floor with their arms linked. 

They appeared flustered only twice in the next few tense 
minutes. 

Once, French "warned" the demonstrators that if arrested, 
they would be going downtown. "They don't treat people like 
we do - they don't know your students down there," he said, 
hinting at some sort of brutality against the almost all·Black 
grQUp. 

And Tambuzi came into the room from the Atkinson meeting 
to announce that there was a "fully armed riot squad" of San 
Diego County Police outside ready to arrest the protesters. 

please turn to page 4 

POLICE . ~ 
In addition to tenure for 

Assista nt Professor of hi story 
Emory Tolbert, these include 

A city police officer wait to drive off with four of tho 
sit·in at the chancellor' office. 



4 

34 arrested for 
office sit-in 
continued from page 3 

After a conference of organizing members, the group decided 
to proceed in a completely non-violent fashion, hands over their 
head when arrested. 

French also alarmed some when he told San Diego Police by 
radio that the protesters would probably have to be dragged out 
violently. 

About a dozen SDPD officers were in on the arrest, as well as 
at least eight campus officers. 

At 1:45 pm, they started arre ting the demonstrators, one-by-
one, including one woman, Dail St. Claire Bacon, who had just 
left the hospital and could onlv walk with the aid of a crutch. 

The protesters were each led by two uniformed officers 
down a path created by the SDPD to three vans and two police 
cars, where waiting friends took down their names so that 
campus attorney Nick Aguilar could identify them on petitions 
to get them out of jail quickly. 

There were no injuries and no rough treatment of demon-
strators, all those contacted by the Guardian agreed. The men 
were taken to county jail downtown and the women to a facility 
iii Santee, then were released on their own recognizance, with 
no bail money required. 

AS President Jules Bagneris had offered to use AS funds to 
help pay bail, a move he was later told violated university policy 
(see story, page 3). 

Tbecoalition of students which put together the sit-in pres-
ented Atkinson with the following list of eight demands 
last week and again during the sit-in: 

"I. Wedemand that Dr. Emory Tolbert begiven tenure! More 
Third World faculty in the departments ... 

"2. We demand that there be more American Indian, Asian 
American, African-American and Chicano historians in the 
history department. One of each is not enough ... 

"3. We demand that there be an Asian-American s tudies 
program, Black Studies program, Chicano studies depart-
ment... In addition , we demand that the Third World Studies 
program be a general education requirement for all four col-
leges at UC San Diego .. . 

"4_ We demand that the Educational Opportunity Program 
be physically separated from the Office of Relations with 
Schools - that the EOP Director be directly responsible to the 
Vice Chancellor of which the unit is under ... 

"5. We demand that a student review committee be set up 
which will have the charge of reviewing faculty tenure files, 
just as the departments and provosts do, and submit a recom-
mendation which will be given full regard by the vice chancel-
lor and the chancellor in the final decision .. . 

"6. We demand a Third World Student Center Building ... 
"7. We demand that criteria beset up whereas those students 

coming from low-income backgrounds will have assured eligi-
bility if they cannot afford off-campus housing and assured the 
necessary financial support to live on campus. 

"s. We demand amnesty for all Third World students partic-
ipating in this demonstration." 

These demands were handed to the chancellor last Wednes-
day, and discussed by Overton and others with the chancellor 
Friday. 

But Tambuzi said the meetings were with a 'short man who 
kept elljng us he couldn't do anything, that he was impotent. 
That man is a slave master running our lives and we can't let 
him do it anymore. " 

Atkinson refused comment with the press all day yesterday , 
and went to an undisclosed location after the protesters were 
arrested. But he released a written reply to the demands 
yesterday. 

In that reply , he made no promise to intervene in the Tolbert 
case; indicated that he would establish a Third World faculty 
steering committee to recruit other Third World faculty; sug· 
gested that programs like Chicano Studies would only be 
implemented if there were interested faculty currently on the 
staff; said he was powerless to change the tenure process; 
suggested "that some pace in the student center" be set aside 
for Third World student and said he didn't know enough about 
the housing policy to comment on the eventh demand, though 
he believed the protesters "rai ed an intere ting point... that 
merits discus ion." 

The Guardian 

A sit-in participant is led to a paddy wagon by campus 
police. protected by a cordon of city police. 

List of those 
arrested Tuesday 

A list of those arrested in the sit-in 
yesterday: 

Atkins, Steven V., 28, La Jolla. 
Bacon, Dail St. Claire, 21, La Jolla. 
Barrington, Dana Elizabeth, 19, San 

Diego. 
Bannister, Joana Arleen, 22, Del Mar. 
Bossett, Charles Edward, 22, La Jolla. 
Brooks, Kevin D., 26, San Diego. 
Broughton, Robyn Frances, 20, San Diego. 
Brown, Sondra Lynn, 20, La J ol1a. 
Cathey, Ricky, 24, San Diego. 
Ching, Barry Chi Wai, 23, San Diego. 
Curry, Patrice Marie, 19, San Diego. 
Davis, Damita Darnice, 19, La Jolla. 
Dumbar, Kim Tracy, 21, Del Mar. 
Ellis, Daryl Arthur, 19, San Diego. 
Gibbs, John Franklin, 22, San Diego. 
Harb, Basem, 18, La Jolla. 
Hardimon, Deidra H., 18, Drake Hall. 
Inouye, Su an Ericka, 21, La Jolla. 
Johnson, Sherman T., 22, Third College 

Apts. 
Jordan, Byron Utah, 28, La Jolla. 

Laroya, Luke Agbas, 20, National City. 
Moseley, Monica Michelle, 20, Muir Apts. 
Overton, Kenneth Ray, 21, San Diego. 
Pizarro, Christina Camilla, 20, San Diego. 
Richardson, Riginald B., 22, La Jolla. 
Smith, Anthony G., 23, Lemon Grove. 
Smith, Fred E., 20, La Jolla. 
Solomon, Calvin W., 21, La Jolla. 

Thompson, Sam, 26, San Diego. 
Trahan, Janine Mary, 21, San Diego. 
Veal, Carolyn Jean, 20, San Diego. 
Warren, Lisa Michele, 19, La Jolla. 
Wasserman, Mark H., 22, Solana Beach. 
Williams, Reginald, 25, San Diego. 

Mnnlf .. v .l"np 1 _ 1 AA1 

Wednesday, June 3 , 1981 

Edelman: 
Tolbert 
model? 

BY JOHN BRICE 
taff Writer 

The Hi s tory Department 
that denied Emory Tolbert 
tenure has undergone a con-
servative shift in the las t ix 
year, Associate History Pro-
fessor Robert Edelman said 
yesterday , but may be on the 
way to liberalization. 

Edelman was recentlygrant-
ed tenure by the administra-
tion after a negative history 
department recommendation 
in much the same way Tol-
bert hopes to gain his post. 

Edelman also got his bad 
recommendation on much the 
same justification that Tol-
bert did - an alleged weak-
ness in scholarly research. 

The Russian History cho-
lar aid yesterday that the 
enior staff of the department 

felt hi "scholarship was 
utterlyu eless." 

He blames two problems 
for hi difficulties: a lack of 
community in thedepartment, 
and a "divi ion that goes back 
to 1966 when the department 
wa founded. " 

"There has been a low 
hifting of camp. The per-
onal animosity does not al-

way directly relate to politi-
cal views, but roughly speak-
ing there are individuals in 
the department who are more 
positive about affirmative 
action, interested in innova-
tive approaches to history and 
more tolerant of variant per-
sonal styles. 

Later, after H. Stuart 
Hughes came in 1975, the 
department's approach became 
more conservative, Edelman 
said. 

"I think now the future 
course of the department is 
less clear. In my own case I 
was caught between to fairly 
amorphous groups. However 
I had a very strong a nd power-
ful group of allies, including 
Michael Parrish and Harry 
Scheiber, who worked very 
hard to see my case through 
to a victoriou end. 

History department chair-
man Allen Mitchell, in France, 
and H. Stuart Hughes, rec-
overing from heart surgery, 
were unavailable for comment. 

Edelman feels that "there 
was a strong political dimen-

ion" in what happened tQ 
him two year ago. He also 
place great value on hi 
tenure. "You can speak what 
i on your mind, it isextremely 
important for someone whois 
politically different. " 

Edelman hopes the future 
ituation may improve. In the 

la t two years, four profe -
sor ,Paul Pickowicz, Thomas 
Dublin, Michael Monteon and 
him If, have all been granted 
tenure. Edelman feels thi 
group i "committed to treat-
ing people fairly ." 

Please 
recycle 
this 
paper 


